Style 1	Style 2
"chloroform ""the molecular lifesaver"" an article at oxford university providing interesting facts about chloroform."	"chloroform ""the molecular lifesaver"" an article at oxford university providing facts about chloroform."
the free software gnu classpath project is only partially compatible with the current version of sun java.	the free software gnu classpath project is partially compatible with the current version of sun java.
other campaigners, especially the controversial british activist peter tatchell, attacked him for questioning the universal validity of gay identity.	other campaigners, especially the british activist peter tatchell, attacked him for questioning the universal validity of gay identity.
vocalist rob halford's performance is considered one of his finest ever, and the guitar work is noted as well, especially the supremely epic dual guitar solo.	vocalist rob halford's performance is considered one of his finest ever, and the guitar work is noted as well, especially the epic dual guitar solo.
the proud general is a chinese animated featurette produced by shanghai animation film studio under the master animator te wei.	the proud general is a chinese animated featurette produced by shanghai animation film studio under the animator te wei.
gaming system, an dice pool system where matched die results determine success.	gaming system, a unique dice pool system where matched die results determine success.
melina is currently dating john cena , known as johnny nitro.	melina is currently dating john hennigan , known as johnny nitro.
"in early november 2014, a horrifying ""price list"" for yazidi and christian females surfaced online."	"in early november 2014, a ""price list"" for yazidi and christian females surfaced online."
in the cold opening, he plays himself from a parallel earth in which he won the 2000 presidential race.	in the opening, he plays himself from a parallel earth in which he won the 2000 presidential race.
the material included discussions of scientific data and how to combat the arguments of climate change sceptics, unflattering comments about individual sceptics, queries from journalists and drafts of scientific papers, and keeping sceptics ' research out of peer-review literature.	the material included discussions of scientific data and how to combat the arguments of climate change sceptics, unflattering comments about individual sceptics, queries from journalists and drafts of scientific papers, and keeping scientist who have contrary views ' research out of peer-review literature.
"the church teaches that god the father, jesus christ , and the holy ghost are ""one god"", in the sense that they are one ""in purpose"", but does not accept the nicene creed's definition of trinity, that the three are ""consubstantial""."	"the church teaches that god the father, jesus of nazareth , and the holy ghost are ""one god"", in the sense that they are one ""in purpose"", but does not accept the nicene creed's definition of trinity, that the three are ""consubstantial""."
in 1970, curiel directed mil in two of his greatest team-up movies.	in 1970, curiel directed mil in two of his team-up movies.
wu eventually resigned his seat on august 3, 2011.	wu resigned his seat on august 3, 2011.
when he returned, his mother told him his stepfather had committed suicide.	when he returned, his mother told him his stepfather had died by suicide.
immigration debate resources - a great website with education facts concerning the immigration debate	immigration debate resources - a website with education facts concerning the immigration debate
"the seal of christian science is a cross and crown with the words, ""heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse the lepers, cast out demons,"" and is a registered trademark of the mother church ."	"the seal of christian science is a cross and crown with the words, ""heal the sick, raise the dead, cleanse the lepers, cast out demons,"" and is a registered trademark of the church ."
sometimes this occurs after trial, where the insured has valiantly attempted to defend himself or herself by paying for a lawyer out of pocket, but went to verdict and lost (the actual situation in the landmark comunale case); other times it occurs before trial and the parties agree to put on an uncontested show trial that results in a final verdict and judgment against the insured.	sometimes this occurs after trial, where the insured has attempted to defend himself or herself by paying for a lawyer out of pocket, but went to verdict and lost (the actual situation in the landmark comunale case); other times it occurs before trial and the parties agree to put on an uncontested show trial that results in a final verdict and judgment against the insured.
under fire is a political film set in 1979, during the last days of the somoza government in nicaragua.	under fire is a political film set in 1979, during the last days of the somoza regime in nicaragua.
march 23 – teresa ganzel, comedienne and actress	march 23 – teresa ganzel, comedian and actress
after just one disappointing season in new york, jokinen was dealt to the florida panthers.	after one disappointing season in new york, jokinen was dealt to the florida panthers.
during the 19th century when lithuanian language was banned in russia, tilsit was an important center for printing lithuanian books which then were smuggled by knygneiai to the russian -occupied part of lithuania.	during the 19th century when lithuanian language was banned in russia, tilsit was an important center for printing lithuanian books which then were smuggled by knygneiai to the russian part of lithuania.
walker was just 32 years old.	walker was 32 years old.
dissenters ( notably economist bjrn lomborg) argue that there is not enough data to support the view of mass extinction, and say extrapolations are being made on the global destruction of rainforests, coral reefs, mangrove swamps, and other rich habitats.	dissenters ( including economist bjrn lomborg) argue that there is not enough data to support the view of mass extinction, and say extrapolations are being made on the global destruction of rainforests, coral reefs, mangrove swamps, and other rich habitats.
sleepy lagoon is a 1943 american musical comedy film directed by joseph santley and featuring comedienne judy canova and singer dennis day.	sleepy lagoon is a 1943 american musical comedy film directed by joseph santley and featuring comedian judy canova and singer dennis day.
"john kerry obtained his first purple heart in recognition of an injury he sustained on december 2 1968. along with two subsequent purple hearts, this award was the basis of kerry's request for a ""thrice wounded"" reassignment, which allowed him to leave vietnam after serving only four months."	"john kerry obtained his first purple heart in recognition of an injury he sustained on december 2 1968. along with two subsequent purple hearts, this award was the basis of kerry's request for a ""thrice wounded"" reassignment, which allowed him to leave vietnam after serving four months."
she is shown here with a light wax mask.	she is shown here with a wax mask.
president ian khama began his first full term with a reshuffled cabinet which saw only two women in key positions.	president ian khama began his first full term with a reshuffled cabinet which saw two women in key positions.
there are 75 immigrant settlers .	there are 75 immigrant residents .
in 2 ne chapter 2, lehi expounds to jacob,about the redemption and salvation through jesus christ .	in 2 ne chapter 2, lehi expounds to jacob,about the redemption and salvation through jesus.
spectacular meander scars, oxbow lakes and abandoned meanders in the broad flood plain of the rio negro, argentina.	meander scars, oxbow lakes and abandoned meanders in the broad flood plain of the rio negro, argentina.
heinie was a popular nickname for german baseball players in the early part of the 20th century.	heinie was a common nickname for german baseball players in the early part of the 20th century.
john sack (1930-2004) was a famous american literary journalist.	john sack (1930-2004) was a american literary journalist.
the show's first host was canadian singer and record producer jackie rae, who unfortunately proved unsuited for the format.	the show's first host was canadian singer and record producer jackie rae, who proved unsuited for the format.
transnistria's so-named minister of foreign affairs is vladimir yastrebchak.	transnistria's minister of foreign affairs is vladimir yastrebchak .
bart's dirty pretty things began recording their first album in los angeles, california, with high-profile producer dave sardy(producer of the brilliant oasis album don't believe the truth), and in glasgow with producer tony doogan.	bart's dirty pretty things began recording their first album in los angeles, california, with high-profile producer dave sardy(producer of the oasis album don't believe the truth ), and in glasgow with producer tony doogan.
"his interpretations of the sayings of the lord (his word for ""sayings"" is logia) in five books, would have been a prime early authority in the exegesis of the sayings of jesus, some of which are recorded in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke, however the book has not survived and is known only through fragments quoted in later writers, with neutral approval in irenaeus's against heresies and later by eusebius in ecclesiastical history, the earliest surviving history of the early church."	"his interpretations of the sayings of the lord (his word for ""sayings"" is logia) in five books, would have been a prime early authority in the exegesis of the sayings of jesus, some of which are recorded in the gospel of matthew and the gospel of luke, however the book has not survived and is known only through fragments quoted in later writers, with approval in irenaeus's against heresies and later by eusebius in ecclesiastical history, the earliest surviving history of the early church."
bapu, the pilot, and the other passengers miraculously survived unharmed.	bapu, the pilot, and the other passengers survived unharmed.
the need for a single universal frame disappeared -- and aether along with it.	the need for a single universal frame seemed to disappear -- and aether along with it.
for this same reason the objectiveness of the magazine should be taken into account.	for this same reason the objectiveness of the magazine may be taken into account.
it only takes about 45 seconds to soar to the top in either of two special elevators.	it takes about 45 seconds to soar to the top in either of two special elevators.
the british broadcasting corporation or bbc is the most widely respected broadcasting organisation in the world.	the british broadcasting corporation or bbc is the most widely regarded broadcasting organisation in the world.
"while premiering a tv series in january 2009, hanks called supporters of proposition 8 ""un-american"" and attacked the lds (mormon) church members, who were major proponents of the bill, for their views on marriage and their role in supporting the bill."	"while premiering a tv series in january 2009, hanks called supporters of proposition 8 ""un-american"" and criticized the lds (mormon) church members, who were major proponents of the bill, for their views on marriage and their role in supporting the bill."
the otherkin community also has a relatively high proportion of people afflicted with multiple personalities, who may have internal personalities with different otherkin types, and may include walk-ins amongst their number.	the otherkin community also has a relatively high proportion of people with multiple personalities, who may have internal personalities with different otherkin types, and may include walk-ins amongst their number.
atl automotive incorporates sales and service centres located in kingston and montego bay offering exclusive sales and service of audi, volkswagen, honda, jaguar, land rover and range rover automobiles.	atl automotive incorporates sales and service centres located in kingston and montego bay offering sales and service of audi, volkswagen, honda, jaguar, land rover and range rover automobiles.
during later reconstruction white supremacists known as white liners in both the north and the south put pressure on the grant administration to limit the use of deployed troops in the south that protected african american citizens under the reconstruction act of 1867. previously president grant had destroyed the ku klux klan under the force acts in 1871. resistance continued and resurged as white liners violently attacked mississippi blacks in 1875. republican governor adelbert ames requested troops to protect black voters.	during later reconstruction white supremacists known as white liners in both the north and the south put pressure on the grant administration to limit the use of deployed troops in the south that protected african american citizens under the reconstruction act of 1867. previously president grant had destroyed the ku klux klan under the enforcement acts in 1871. resistance continued and resurged as white liners violently attacked mississippi blacks in 1875. republican governor adelbert ames requested troops to protect black voters.
remember, only those individuals who opt for a cleaner internet experience would have a limited internet experience which may only include access to websites hosted within their own country; however, the internet experience for an individual who chose to access everything would not change.	remember, only those individuals who opt for a pornography-free internet experience would have a limited internet experience which may only include access to websites hosted within their own country; however, the internet experience for an individual who chose to access everything would not change.
material against home birth choice	material against home birth
the city of harran, in modern southern turkey (32 km/20 mi southeast of anlurfa, formerly edessa) near the border with syria, is probably the haran of the biblical accounts.	the city of harran, in modern southern turkey (32 km/20 mi southeast of anlurfa, formerly edessa) near the border with syria, is believed to be the haran of the biblical accounts.
the long-popular 1n34 germanium version is still used in radio receivers as a detector and occasionally in specialized analog electronics.	the 1n34 germanium version is still used in radio receivers as a detector and occasionally in specialized analog electronics.
but for internet service providers, who do not provide a public voice service, idsl is an interesting way of using pots dial service to offer higher-speed internet access, targeting the embedded base of more than five million isdn users as an initial market.	but for internet service providers, who do not provide a public voice service, idsl is an alternative way of using pots dial service to offer higher-speed internet access, targeting the embedded base of more than five million isdn users as an initial market.
yusuf salaam, one of the five convicted , said that they had falsely confessed out of coercion, after having been mistreated by police while in custody, deprived of food, drink or sleep for over 24 hours.	yusuf salaam, one of the five defendants , said that they had falsely confessed out of coercion, after having been mistreated by police while in custody, deprived of food, drink or sleep for over 24 hours.
the park is best known as the home of japan's largest brown bear population and for offering views of the disputed kunashiri island, owned by russia.	the park is best known as the home of japan's largest brown bear population and for offering views of the disputed kunashiri island, claimed by russia.
"one of the most recognizable advertising slogans in the regions nau serves is the catchy ""one day, one night"" jingle used on nau's television and radio ads."	"one of the most recognizable advertising slogans in the regions nau serves is the ""one day, one night"" jingle used on nau's television and radio ads."
abc's wide world of sports, the famous sports anthology program, provided coverage of select nascar winston cup races in the 1970s.	abc's wide world of sports, the sports anthology program, provided coverage of select nascar winston cup races in the 1970s.
bindi's speech at her father's funeral was the television moment of the year, as voted in the australia tv week reader poll 2006. bindi's speech scooped 43 percent of the votes from the poll.	bindi's speech at her father's funeral was the television moment of the year, as voted in the australia tv week reader poll 2006. bindi's speech received 43 percent of the votes from the poll.
afterpartychat has featured exclusive interviews with dr. drew pinsky and original content by nic sheff among many others.	afterpartychat has featured exclusive interviews with dr. drew pinsky and original content by nic sheff among others.
al qamishli, in modern times, is of mixed ethnic groups, predominantly kurdish , aramean- syriacs and arabs.	al qamishli, in modern times, is of mixed ethnic groups, predominantly kurdish , syriacs and arabs .
the band unfortunately dissolved in 1993.	the band dissolved in 1993.
east of reims the french fourth army had prepared a masterful defense in depth to counter an intense bombardment and infiltrating infantry.	east of reims the french fourth army had prepared a defense in depth to counter an intense bombardment and infiltrating infantry.
de morpurgo used a terrific very fast serve on his first ball, and an exaggerated american twist serve on the second serve which was of extreme contortion.	de morpurgo used a very fast serve on his first ball, and an exaggerated american twist serve on the second serve which was of extreme contortion.
bannon's younger brother nicholas died tragically in wilpena pound in 1959.	bannon's younger brother nicholas died in wilpena pound in 1959.
the ruthless policies of successive conservative governments in london had little sympathy for glasgow's plight and the city continued to slide downhill.	the policies of successive conservative governments in london had little sympathy for glasgow's plight and the city continued to slide downhill.
on september 6, 2008, hmla-775 was decommissioned after 20 years of faithful service.	on september 6, 2008, hmla-775 was decommissioned after 20 years of service.
obrestad is currently second only to poker professional thor hansen among norwegian poker players in the all-time money list in live tournaments.	obrestad is currently second to poker professional thor hansen among norwegian poker players in the all-time money list in live tournaments.
"the afa claims the bible identifies homosexuality as unnatural and sinful, which guides the afa's opposition to what they refer to as the ""homosexual agenda."""	"the afa states that the bible identifies homosexuality as unnatural and sinful, which guides the afa's opposition to what they refer to as the ""homosexual agenda."""
it offers video game news, coverage of industry events, interviews with gaming figureheads , editorial content, and product reviews.	it offers video game news, coverage of industry events, interviews with gaming figures , editorial content, and product reviews.
he succeeded republican steve symms, who left the house and was elected to the senate after defeating liberal democrat frank church.	he succeeded republican steve symms, who left the house and was elected to the senate after defeating democrat frank church.
president ulysses s. grant and congress passed the force acts of 1870 and the civil rights act of 1871, also known as the ku klux klan act, intended to suppress the vigilante violence of the klan.	president ulysses s. grant and congress passed the enforcement acts of 1870 and the civil rights act of 1871, also known as the ku klux klan act, intended to suppress the vigilante violence of the klan.
"they scored a hit single in the u.s. in 1965 with the tune ""dawn of correction"", which was a patriotic answer record to barry mcguire's protest song, ""eve of destruction""."	"they scored a hit single in the u.s. in 1965 with the tune ""dawn of correction"", which was a counterpoint and answer record to barry mcguire's protest song, ""eve of destruction""."
slate magazine also says that rowling takes jabs at the bush and blair administrations suggesting the ministry's security pamphlet recalls the much-scorned operation tips (terrorism information and prevention system).	slate magazine also says that rowling takes jabs at the bush and blair administrations suggesting the ministry's security pamphlet recalls the operation tips (terrorism information and prevention system).
diego velasquez de cuellar should not be confused with the great spanish painter diego velazquez.	diego velasquez de cuellar should not be confused with the spanish painter diego velazquez.
the reasoning behind the name change was that many people from outside the uk and unfamiliar with the country's geography could not identify with the term 'east midlands' and understandably did not know exactly where in the uk it was.	the reasoning behind the name change was that many people from outside the uk and unfamiliar with the country's geography could not identify with the term 'east midlands' and did not know exactly where in the uk it was.
"after completing the story mode of the game on at least hero difficulty, an unlockable bonus allows the player to play any level in the game as harry osborn in his father's green goblin costume, complete with his glider and arsenal, following an alternate timeline with harry fighting an ""alternate goblin"" who claims to have been hired by norman osborn, adding a slightly new feel to the story, although the player plays exactly the same levels as he/she would with spider-man."	"after completing the story mode of the game on at least hero difficulty, an unlockable bonus allows the player to play any level in the game as harry osborn in his father's green goblin costume, complete with his glider and arsenal, following an alternate timeline with harry fighting an ""alternate goblin"" who claims to have been hired by norman osborn, adding a slightly new feel to the story, although the player plays exactly the same levels as they would with spider-man."
warcop is a pretty village and civil parish in the eden district of cumbria, england.	warcop is a village and civil parish in the eden district of cumbria, england.
many believe that cobain was ultimately unhappy with the result and hence never completed revisions for the instrument before his suicide in april 1994.	many believe that cobain was ultimately unhappy with the result and hence never completed revisions for the instrument before his death in april 1994.
this rich tradition has produced a total of nine professional players and three professional coaches.	this tradition has produced a total of nine professional players and three professional coaches.
upalt=a photograph of a woman with long, blonde hair looking at the viewer with her mouth slightly open while wearing a black dress with a scoop neck|jc's girls evangelizes to women in the sex industry such as sophia lynn, a pornographic film actor who subsequently became a christian.	upalt=a photograph of a woman with long, blonde hair looking at the viewer with her mouth slightly open while wearing a black dress with a scoop neck|jc's girls evangelizes to women in the sex industry such as sophia lynn, a pornographic film actress who subsequently became a christian.
mr gwilym t jones, who at the time was a renowned conductor and pianist, became its first conductor.	mr gwilym t jones, who at the time was a conductor and pianist, became its first conductor.
there he lived in a single room flat at the renowned anarkali bazaar, lahore.	there he lived in a single room flat at the anarkali bazaar, lahore.
a large 3 year study into the long term effects of aspartame in rats by the european ramazzini foundation for cancer research in bologna, italy was published in september 2005. it found questionable evidence that aspartame caused cancer of the kidney, and of the peripheral nerves, mainly in the head.	a large 3 year study into the long term effects of aspartame in rats by the european ramazzini foundation for cancer research in bologna, italy was published in september 2005. it found evidence that aspartame caused cancer of the kidney, and of the peripheral nerves, mainly in the head.
is one of its proud slogans.	is one of its slogans.
stanley meyer's water fuel cell - a device that was falsely claimed to extract energy from water.	stanley meyer's water fuel cell - a device that was claimed to extract energy from water.
after moving to oregon, zuckerman continued to target boy scouts of america and the intertwined connections to the mormon church in his investigative reporting in 2007 while working for the oregonian.	after moving to oregon, zuckerman continued to report on the boy scouts of america and the intertwined connections to the mormon church in his investigative reporting in 2007 while working for the oregonian.
veidt personally murdered the comedian, which unfortunately caught the attention of rorschach who investigated the crime mistakenly theorizing that there existed a conspiracy to murder masked adventurers.	veidt personally murdered the comedian, which caught the attention of rorschach who investigated the crime mistakenly theorizing that there existed a conspiracy to murder masked adventurers.
"in the 1940s, the long held opposition by some established christian denominations to non-christian religions or/and supposedly heretical, or counterfeit, pseudo- christian sects crystallized into a more organized ""christian countercult movement"" in the united states."	"in the 1940s, the long held opposition by some established christian denominations to non-christian religions or/and supposedly heretical, or counterfeit, christian sects crystallized into a more organized ""christian countercult movement"" in the united states."
national front protesting homosexual marriage at london gay pride 2007	national front protesting same-sex marriage at london gay pride 2007
the trial began april 17, 1944, after a number of attempts by federal authorities to frame charges robust enough to survive grand jury inquisitions , but was characterised by an inability on the part of prosecuters to prove specific intent to overthrow the government.	the trial began april 17, 1944, after a number of attempts by federal authorities to frame charges robust enough to survive grand jury hearings , but was characterised by an inability on the part of prosecuters to prove specific intent to overthrow the government.
stefan tvrtko i (1338–1391) was the greatest native ruler of medieval kingdom of bosnia.	stefan tvrtko i (1338–1391) was the a native ruler of medieval kingdom of bosnia.
two weeks after the september 11 attacks, the federal bureau of investigation identified the hijackers and connected them to al-qaeda, a global, decentralized terrorist network.	two weeks after the september 11 attacks, the federal bureau of investigation identified the hijackers and connected them to al-qaeda, a global, decentralized militant network.
carey was born in gowran, a big village situated in mid-kilkenny on the main dublin to waterford road, in 1970. he was born into a large farming family, with three brothers and three sisters.	carey was born in gowran, a village situated in mid-kilkenny on the main dublin to waterford road, in 1970. he was born into a large farming family, with three brothers and three sisters.
recognisable for its strange take on the standard 'flying v' shape, added a curve at the left of the neck joint, and the signature caparison 27-fret neck.	recognisable for its unusual take on the standard 'flying v' shape, added a curve at the left of the neck joint, and the signature caparison 27-fret neck.
in addition to being used by fishermen , pangas are also popular with somali pirates.	in addition to being used by fishers , pangas are also popular with somali pirates.
one defines an exchange graph h, the vertices of which are in one-to-one correspondence with the hamiltonian paths beginning at u and continuing through v. two such paths p1 and p2 are connected by an edge in h if one may obtain p2 by adding a new edge to the end of p1 and removing another edge from the middle of p1; this is a symmetric relation, so h is an undirected graph.	thomason defines an exchange graph h, the vertices of which are in one-to-one correspondence with the hamiltonian paths beginning at u and continuing through v. two such paths p1 and p2 are connected by an edge in h if one may obtain p2 by adding a new edge to the end of p1 and removing another edge from the middle of p1; this is a symmetric relation, so h is an undirected graph.
while there were protests in favor of elin staying in the united states, there were also demonstrations in favor of sending the boy back to live with his father.	while there were protests in favor of elin staying in the united states, there were similarly demonstrations in favor of sending the boy back to live with his father.
this leads to a brief battle and defeat at the hands of the hulk.	this leads to a battle and defeat at the hands of the hulk.
janet brown (actress, comedienne , impressionist)	janet brown (actress, comedian , impressionist)
xiaoshi middle school or xiaoshi junior high school, or xiaoshi high school, is a prestigious high school offering education from a junior-high to senior-high level in ningbo, china.	xiaoshi middle school or xiaoshi junior high school, or xiaoshi high school, is a high school offering education from a junior-high to senior-high level in ningbo, china.
as the season came to an end, leicester got to the fa cup semi finals where shilton was beaten in a replay after the initial game ended goalless by a stunning lobbed volley from liverpool's kevin keegan.	as the season came to an end, leicester got to the fa cup semi finals where shilton was beaten in a replay after the initial game ended goalless by a lobbed volley from liverpool's kevin keegan.
"a great resource about jamaica's foreign policies is holger henke's book ""between self-determination and dependency: jamaica's foreign relations, 1972-89,"" kingston: university of the west indies press 2000."	"a resource about jamaica's foreign policies is holger henke's book ""between self-determination and dependency: jamaica's foreign relations, 1972-89,"" kingston: university of the west indies press 2000."
mack was arrested in brooklyn by the fbi on april 20, 2018, on charges of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy in relation to her role in the cult-like nxivm organization.	mack was arrested in brooklyn by the fbi on april 20, 2018, on charges of sex trafficking, sex trafficking conspiracy and forced labor conspiracy in relation to her role in the nxivm organization.
there is no evidence that crop circles are anything but man-made hoaxes or works of art.	there is little evidence that crop circles are anything but man-made hoaxes or works of art.
in the latter case, the resulting audio has easily identifiable high-frequency noise occupying 3 lsb bits, thus limiting playback on legacy devices effectively to 13bit.	in the latter case, the resulting audio has easily identifiable high-frequency noise occupying 3 lsb bits, thus limiting playback on non-mqa devices effectively to 13bit.
... that george a. mitchell has justifiably been called the father of cadillac?	... that george a. mitchell has been called the father of cadillac?
icon is a very high-level programming language featuring goal directed execution and excellent facilities for managing strings and textual patterns.	icon is a very high-level programming language featuring goal directed execution and many facilities for managing strings and textual patterns.
unfortunately science has, as yet, failed to find any such force, and the present laws of physics appear to rule out the possibility of anti-gravity.	science has, as yet, failed to find any such force, and the present laws of physics appear to rule out the possibility of anti-gravity.
upkateryna lagno's transfer from ukraine to russia caused much controversy prior to the olympiad.	upkateryna lagno's transfer from ukraine to russia caused controversy prior to the olympiad.
network neutrality is the principle that all internet traffic should be treated equally .	network neutrality is the principle that all internet traffic should be treated differently depending on its purposes .
steam activation makes it much more difficult to sell a legally acquired game to a third party, due to the unsuitability of current proof of purchase laws.	steam activation makes it more difficult to sell a legally acquired game to a third party, due to the unsuitability of current proof of purchase laws.
in 1994 documents were released which showed this act was premeditated by the atomic energy commission in human radiation experiments known as project 4.1.	in 1994 documents were released which suggested this act was premeditated by the atomic energy commission in human radiation experiments known as project 4.1.
intensive farming or intensive agriculture is an agricultural production system characterized by the high inputs of capital, fertilizers, labour, or labour-saving technologies such as pesticides relative to land area.	intensive farming or intensive agriculture is an agricultural production system characterized by the high inputs of capital, fertilizers, labour, or technologies such as pesticides relative to land area.
ostensibly framed as a bill to prevent unfair competition and save the israeli print newspaper industry, critics of the bill said it hurts free enterprise and is a thinly veiled attempt to target adleson and his political causes, as israel hayom is israel's only free-of-charge national newspaper.	framed as a bill to prevent unfair competition and save the israeli print newspaper industry, critics of the bill said it hurts free enterprise and is a thinly veiled attempt to target adleson and his political causes, as israel hayom is israel's only free-of-charge national newspaper.
atc's logo sharply resembles that of initech from the movie office space.	atc's logo somewhat resembles that of initech from the movie office space.
king, joe satriani and the late great stevie ray vaughan.	king, joe satriani and the late stevie ray vaughan.
anderson was born in santa monica, california, but moved to detroit when he was only 3 months old, where he was raised by his mother and grandmother.	anderson was born in santa monica, california, but moved to detroit when he was 3 months old, where he was raised by his mother and grandmother.
a former hairdresser, he was already a veteran of the london r&b scene at the time of the uk subs being formed in 1976. he continues to tour extensively with the band, typically averaging between 100 and 200 gigs a year.	a former hairdresser, he was already a veteran of the london r&b scene at the time of the uk subs being formed in 1976. he continues to tour with the band, typically averaging between 100 and 200 gigs a year .
despite the civil wars in neighbouring croatia and bosnia and herzegovina, serbia remained peaceful until 1998, although part of its leadership and institutions supported bosnian and croatian serbs who were one of the sides in these wars.	despite the wars in neighbouring croatia and bosnia and herzegovina, serbia remained peaceful until 1998, although part of its leadership and institutions supported bosnian and croatian serbs who were one of the sides in these wars.
the mp is conor murphy of sinn fein, he is a former ira volunteer and a member of the sinn fein negotiations team.	the mp is conor murphy of sinn fein, he is a former ira prisoner and a member of the sinn fein negotiations team.
modern archosaurs (birds and crocodiles) and komodo dragons supposedly display little cooperative hunting; instead, they are usually either solitary hunters, or are drawn to previously killed carcasses, where much conflict occurs between individuals of the same species.	modern archosaurs (birds and crocodiles) and komodo dragons typically display little cooperative hunting; instead, they are usually either solitary hunters, or are drawn to previously killed carcasses, where much conflict occurs between individuals of the same species.
for this reason the global times has been repetitively criticized by leftist scholars.	for this reason the global times has been repeatedly criticized by leftist scholars.
an indirect presidential election will be held in germany on 30 june 2010 following the surprise resignation of horst khler as president of germanyon 31 may 2010. the governing coalition comprising the christian democratic union, christian social union of bavaria and free democratic party will have 644 to 646 of the 1244 seats in the federal convention.	an indirect presidential election will be held in germany on 30 june 2010 following the resignation of horst khler as president of germanyon 31 may 2010. the governing coalition comprising the christian democratic union, christian social union of bavaria and free democratic party will have 644 to 646 of the 1244 seats in the federal convention.
among other indiscretions , the book described how maynard's mother had consulted with her on how to appeal to the aging author (dressing like a child), and described maynard's relationship with him at length.	among other topics , the book described how maynard's mother had consulted with her on how to appeal to the aging author (dressing like a child), and described maynard's relationship with him at length.
ahmadinejad resigned from his post as the mayor of tehran after his semi- election to the presidency.	ahmadinejad resigned from his post as the mayor of tehran after his election to the presidency.
the code for the bot itself is open-source software, and can be easily configured to watch for anonymous edits from any ip ranges.	the code for the bot itself is open-source software, and can be configured to watch for anonymous edits from any ip ranges.
"died: friedrich zander, 45, latvian-born soviet rocketry pioneer; and ida siddons, 76, us entertainer and comedienne , known in the 1890s as the ""queen of burlesque""."	"died: friedrich zander, 45, latvian-born soviet rocketry pioneer; and ida siddons, 76, us entertainer and comedian , known in the 1890s as the ""queen of burlesque""."
police forensics officers were called in to determine whether it was arson or an electrical failure, but the pa insisted the fire was started by settlers in a price tag attack.	police forensics officers were called in to determine whether it was arson or an electrical failure, but the pa said the fire was started by settlers in a price tag attack.
on 16 april 2009 the wikimedia foundation took the necessary steps to block all wikimedia and wikipedia domains from being processed by the phorm spyware system.	on 16 april 2009 the wikimedia foundation took the necessary steps to block all wikimedia and wikipedia domains from being processed by the phorm system.
the term has also been used to describe dick van dyke's execrable cockney accent in the film mary poppins.	the term has also been used to describe dick van dyke's inaccurate cockney accent in the film mary poppins.
english was primarily spoken at home by 47.7% of the population, with the most important other languages being chinese languages (10.3%), russian (5.2%) and korean (2.5%).	english was primarily spoken at home by 47.7% of the population, with the most important other languages being chinese (10.3%), russian (5.2%) and korean (2.5%).
vio-lence was a thrash metal band formed in 1985, that released a few demo tapes, one ep and 3 lps between 1985 and 1993. their classic line-up was phil demmel and robb flynn on guitars, dean dell on bass, perry strickland on drums and sean killian on vocals.	vio-lence was a thrash metal band formed in 1985, that released a few demo tapes, one ep and 3 lps between 1985 and 1993. their most stable line-up was phil demmel and robb flynn on guitars, dean dell on bass, perry strickland on drums and sean killian on vocals.
infosys won the prestigious global make (most admired knowlege enterprises) award, for the years 2004 and 2003, being the only indian company to win this award.	infosys won the global make (most admired knowlege enterprises) award, for the years 2004 and 2003, being the only indian company to win this award.
there were several events which were scheduled to commemorate this momentous occasion over the july 4 weekend, including a free concert with the legendary beach boys in the city's kirby park.	there were several events which were scheduled to commemorate this occasion over the july 4 weekend, including a free concert with the legendary beach boys in the city's kirby park.
in a letter to house speaker john boehner dated october 8, 2013, millionaire ribble proposed sweeping changes to social security, including continuing and accelerating increases in the retirement age, implementing the chained cpi benefit cut to social security, and means testing for social security recipients.	in a letter to house speaker john boehner dated october 8, 2013, ribble proposed sweeping changes to social security, including continuing and accelerating increases in the retirement age, implementing the chained cpi benefit cut to social security, and means testing for social security recipients.
after the french open robin went on another hunt for his first grand slam title in wimbledon but unfortunately he faced roger federer in the round of 64 and had to surrender in 3 straight sets.	after the french open robin went on another hunt for his first grand slam title in wimbledon but he faced roger federer in the round of 64 and had to surrender in 3 straight sets.
the who are an english rock band who first came to prominence in the 1960s and grew in stature to become one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands of all time	the who are an english rock band who first came to prominence in the 1960s and grew in stature to be popularly considered one of the greatest rock 'n' roll bands of all time
there has been concern that the conflict between those who seek rational utilisation of whales and those who seek protection for every whale has placed a dangerous strain on the iwc.	there has been concern that the conflict between those who seek renewed utilisation of whales and those who seek protection for every whale has placed a dangerous strain on the iwc.
palin is pro-life , pro-contraception, and a prominent member of feminists for life	palin is against human abortion , pro-contraception, and a prominent member of feminists for life
in his second fight at this weight, he fought 33 year-old southpaw former world champion kevin kelley, in september 2000. kelley was unable to replicate his performance against morales.	in his second fight at this weight, he fought 33 year-old former world champion kevin kelley, in september 2000. kelley was unable to replicate his performance against morales.
"in may 2015, the nrburgring was set to hold the first ""grne hlle rock"" festival as a replacement for the ""rock am ring"" festival, but it unfortunately fell through."	"in may 2015, the nrburgring was set to hold the first ""grne hlle rock"" festival as a replacement for the ""rock am ring"" festival, but it fell through."
1993 – greysteel massacre: the ulster freedom fighters, a loyalist terrorist group, open fire on a crowded bar in greysteel, northern ireland.	1993 – greysteel massacre: the ulster freedom fighters, a loyalist group, open fire on a crowded bar in greysteel, northern ireland.
jezzine (also spelled jizzin) is a picturesque town in lebanon, located 22 km (14 miles) from sidon and 73 km (45 miles) south of beirut.	jezzine (also spelled jizzin) is a town in lebanon, located 22 km (14 miles) from sidon and 73 km (45 miles) south of beirut.
samuel noah kramer identifies ki with the sumerian mother goddess ninhursag, and claims that they were originally the same figure.	samuel noah kramer identifies ki with the sumerian mother goddess ninhursag, and states that they were originally the same figure.
from late 2009, alarmist fears of a sovereign debt crisis developed among fiscally conservative investors concerning some european states, with the situation becoming particularly tense in early 2010. this included euro zone members greece, ireland and portugal and also some eu countries outside the area.	from late 2009, fears of a sovereign debt crisis developed among fiscally conservative investors concerning some european states, with the situation becoming particularly tense in early 2010. this included euro zone members greece, ireland and portugal and also some eu countries outside the area.
"this is contrasted with a non-neutral spine which leads to ""improper posture, which especially when walking, puts increased stress on your back and causes discomfort and damage."""	"this is contrasted with a non-neutral spine which leads to ""improper posture, that especially when walking, puts increased stress on your back and causes discomfort and damage."""
tashirojima, japan, also known as cat island due to a high population of feral cats	tashirojima, japan, also known as cat island due to a high population of cats
in the winter of 330 bc, ariobarzanes led a heroic last stand but could not stop alexander from invading persepolis and conquering the persian empire.	in the winter of 330 bc, ariobarzanes led a last stand but could not stop alexander from invading persepolis and conquering the persian empire.
while in gibraltar the rule of the road is to drive on the right and to use metric units (as in the rest of spain ).	while in gibraltar the rule of the road is to drive on the right and to use metric units (as in the rest of the iberian peninsular ).
for over 600 years, until the babylonian conquest in 587 bce, jerusalem was the political and religious capital of the jews .	for over 600 years, until the babylonian conquest in 587 bce, jerusalem was the political and religious capital of the hebrews .
if the errant member persists without repentance and rejects even the admonition of the congregation, that person is excluded from church membership.	if the non-conforming member persists without repentance and rejects even the admonition of the congregation, that person is excluded from church membership.
due to the archaic nature of the first-past-the-post electoral system, which ignores the popular vote and only awards power based on the number of ridings won, this decimated the liberal caucus.	due to the nature of the first-past-the-post electoral system, which ignores the popular vote and only awards power based on the number of ridings won, this decimated the liberal caucus.
on other other hand , individualist anarchists do regard it as a form of anarchism.	on other other hand some individualist anarchists do regard it as a form of anarchism.
"he was the lord of bouillon, from which he took his byname, from 1076 and the duke of lower lorraine from 1087. after the occupation of jerusalem in 1099, godfrey became the first ruler of the kingdom of jerusalem, although he refused the title ""king"" as he said that title belonged to god."	"he was the lord of bouillon, from which he took his byname, from 1076 and the duke of lower lorraine from 1087. after the successful siege of jerusalem in 1099, godfrey became the first ruler of the kingdom of jerusalem, although he refused the title ""king"" as he said that title belonged to god."
leaving government in 1946, thornthwaite opened the laboratory of climatology in seabrook, new jersey, which he operated until his passing in 1963. the facility continued to operate under the management of john russell mather.	leaving government in 1946, thornthwaite opened the laboratory of climatology in seabrook, new jersey, which he operated until his death in 1963. the facility continued to operate under the management of john russell mather.
lea katherine thompson (born may 31, 1961) is an american actress and director.	lea katherine thompson (born may 31, 1961) is an american actor and director.
it lasted a few days, during which the u.s. troops killed more than 125 terrorists and captured 39 others.	it lasted a few days, during which the u.s. troops killed more than 125 insurgents and captured 39 others.
the united kingdom is a very centralised state, with london's westminster parliament holding responsibility for most of the uk's political power.	the united kingdom is a centralised state, with london's westminster parliament holding responsibility for most of the uk's political power.
late in the year, the ulster and leinster confederate armies under owen roe o'neill and thomas preston (a total of 18,000 men) laid siege to dublin, trying to take the city off ormondes royalist garrison.	late in the year, the ulster and leinster confederate armies under owen roe o'neill and thomas preston (a total of 18,000 men) laid siege to dublin, trying to take the city from ormondes royalist garrison.
howe appeared on the discussion programme, midweek (on bbc radio 4), to promote the documentary on 19 october 2005 and, live on air, became involved in an angry debate with american comedienne joan rivers.	howe appeared on the discussion programme, midweek (on bbc radio 4), to promote the documentary on 19 october 2005 and, live on air, became involved in an angry debate with american comedian joan rivers.
this was denied by rand, which subsequently undertook a fruitless review of its recent work to see if there was anything that could have been misunderstood to spark the rumor.	this was denied by rand, which subsequently undertook a review of its recent work to see if there was anything that could have been misunderstood to spark the rumor.
"aajonus is the president of the consumer campaign group, ""right to choose real food"""	"aajonus is the president of the campaign group, ""right to choose real food"""
the rational response squad, or rrs, is a group of outspoken atheists who attack what they consider to be irrational claims, most notably those made by christianity.	the rational response squad, or rrs, is a group of outspoken atheists who aim to confront what they consider to be irrational claims, most notably those made by christianity.
holly walsh, british comedienne	holly walsh, british comedian
religion plays a strong role in national politics, especially in controversial moral issues like abortion, euthanasia, and homosexuality.	religion plays a strong role in national politics, especially in controversial issues like abortion, euthanasia, and homosexuality.
the notebook is a gut-wrenching love story by nicholas sparks.	the notebook is a love story by nicholas sparks.
lalit maken was considered to be involved in the killings of innocent sikhs during 1984 anti-sikh riots.	lalit maken was alleged to be involved in the killings of innocent sikhs during 1984 anti-sikh riots.
area gaming groups such as plan b, gryphon's wrath, the regulators, and boomkegs volunteered to create memorable interactives.	area gaming groups such as plan b, gryphon's wrath, the regulators, and boomkegs volunteered to create interactives.
denny dillon, actress and comedienne .	denny dillon, actress and comedian .
as a sad sidenote, marty pahls, an unsuccessful writer who was a lifelong friend of charles and robert crumb, also eventually became a shut-in and committed suicide.	as a sidenote, marty pahls, an unsuccessful writer who was a lifelong friend of charles and robert crumb, also eventually became a shut-in and committed suicide.
current dictator joseph kabila	current president joseph kabila
conan the outcast is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the outcast is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
two argentine men become the first homosexual couple to legally marry in latin america at a civil ceremony.	two argentine men become the first gay couple to legally marry in latin america at a civil ceremony.
today its viewpoints are supposedly more social democratic.	today its viewpoints are more social democratic.
see here, a website listing many people who have memorized impressive amounts of ''''.	see here, a website listing many people who have memorized large amounts of ''''.
israel reluctantly mobilized thousands of troops in order to secure the release of corporal gilad shalit, who was captured by palestinian terrorists in israel in a raid which killed two others, and to stop qassam rocket attacks on cities and towns in israel, and has stated it will withdraw from gaza and end the operation as soon as shalit is released.	israel mobilized thousands of troops in order to secure the release of corporal gilad shalit, who was captured by palestinian terrorists in israel in a raid which killed two others, and to stop qassam rocket attacks on cities and towns in israel, and has stated it will withdraw from gaza and end the operation as soon as shalit is released.
the united states will end the so-called temporary protected status program (tps) for more than 300,000 refugees from el salvador, haiti, honduras, and nicaragua.	the united states will end the temporary protected status program (tps) for more than 300,000 refugees from el salvador, haiti, honduras, and nicaragua.
"the ep included his breakout single ""like kanye"" featuring trinidadian dancehall titan bunji garlin."	"the ep included his breakout single ""like kanye"" featuring trinidadian dancehall artist bunji garlin."
on may 31, 1957 miller was found guilty of contempt of congress for refusing to reveal the names of members of a literary circle suspected of communist affiliation, although his conviction was reversed by the us court of appeals on kjghg august 8, 1958.	on may 31, 1957 miller was found guilty of contempt of congress for refusing to reveal the names of members of a literary circle suspected of communist affiliation, although his conviction was reversed by the us court of appeals on august 8, 1958.
more than 100 soldiers and police, 13 civilians and hundreds of terrorists are killed during the ongoing offensive in ghazni.	more than 100 soldiers and police, 13 civilians and hundreds of taliban are killed during the ongoing offensive in ghazni.
leo strauss in his natural right and history contentiously argues that locke is more or less hobbesian in his conception of politics.	leo strauss in his natural right and history argues that locke is more or less hobbesian in his conception of politics.
although the rump congress controlled by radical republicans had continued martial law through the force acts which censored the press and allowed military arrests without habeas corpus and the enforcement acts which allowed army forces to rule unilaterally in the south and seize any opponents to the regime, the meridian riot marked a turning point in mississippi's attempts to restore it's constitutional liberties as well as northern support for the ongoing military backed occupation of the south.	although the rump congress controlled by radical republicans had continued martial law through the enforcement acts which censored the press and allowed military arrests without habeas corpus and the enforcement acts which allowed army forces to rule unilaterally in the south and seize any opponents to the regime, the meridian riot marked a turning point in mississippi's attempts to restore it's constitutional liberties as well as northern support for the ongoing military backed occupation of the south.
a very wealthy woman with no heirs and a lover of animals, on her passing in 1961, she left a large part of her considerable estate to a variety of charities including several for animal welfare.	a very wealthy woman with no heirs and a lover of animals, on her death in 1961, she left a large part of her considerable estate to a variety of charities including several for animal welfare.
addis ababa was governed by the italian governors of addis ababa from 1936 to 1939. after the italian army in ethiopia was frustrated by ethiopian patriots, and hugely defeated with british help during the liberation of ethiopia, emperor haile selassie returned to addis ababa on 5 may, 1941—five years to the very day after he had departed—and immediately began the work of re-establishing his capital.	addis ababa was governed by the italian governors of addis ababa from 1936 to 1939. after the italian army in ethiopia was frustrated by ethiopian patriots, and defeated with british help during the liberation of ethiopia, emperor haile selassie returned to addis ababa on 5 may, 1941—five years to the very day after he had departed—and immediately began the work of re-establishing his capital.
"bush's most common nickname is ""dubya"", from the colloquial pronunciation of his middle initial."	"bush's most common nickname is ""dubya"", from the colloquial mispronunciation of his middle initial."
mark edwards, of my dad is dead, released an excellent version on homestead records comp, human music, in 1989.	mark edwards, of my dad is dead, released an version on homestead records comp, human music, in 1989.
"(some extreme fundamentalist leaders also teach that the emerging church is prophesied to ultimately join with other world religions to make up the ""one world religion."")"	"(some fundamentalist leaders also teach that the emerging church is prophesied to ultimately join with other world religions to make up the ""one world religion."")"
the knopf publishing group takes its name from the distinguished american publisher alfred a. knopf, inc., founded in 1915. random house acquired knopf in 1960 and pantheon books 1961; works continue to be published under these imprints with editorial independence.	the knopf publishing group takes its name from the american publisher alfred a. knopf, inc., founded in 1915. random house acquired knopf in 1960 and pantheon books 1961; works continue to be published under these imprints with editorial independence.
rachel summers (who now calls herself rachel grey and marvel girl) is a fictional character, a marvel comics superheroine created by writer chris claremont and artist/co-writer john byrne.	rachel summers (who now calls herself rachel grey and marvel girl) is a fictional character, a marvel comics superhero created by writer chris claremont and artist/co-writer john byrne.
nanette fabray (born 1920), american actress, comedienne , singer, dancer, and activist	nanette fabray (born 1920), american actress, comedian , singer, dancer, and activist
"particularly in recent years, canada has produced a number of famous musical groups who have been described as ""comedy rock""."	"particularly in recent years, canada has produced a number of musical groups who have been described as ""comedy rock""."
klks-fm (104.3 fm) is a popular radio station located in breezy point, minnesota that serves the brainerd lakes area.	klks-fm (104.3 fm) is a radio station located in breezy point, minnesota that serves the brainerd lakes area.
the development of the biblical canon took centuries, and was nearly complete (with exceptions known as the antilegomena) by the time the muratorian fragment was written, over 150 years before the council.	the development of the biblical canon took centuries, and was nearly complete (with exceptions known as the antilegomena) by the time the muratorian fragment was written, perhaps as early as 150 years before the council.
the excellent turkish television series ezel, a production of ay yapim, references the gambler throughout the episodes.	the turkish television series ezel, a production of ay yapim, references the gambler throughout the episodes.
these efforts can be seen in the newly-adopted policy changes , and the appointment of an ethics ombudsman to improve oc's tarnished image.	these efforts can be seen in the newly-adopted policy changes , and the appointment of an ethics ombudsman to improve oc's image.
conan the gladiator is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the gladiator is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
"this telegenic speaker of english and arabic hosts ""journeys with hamza yusuf"", a top-rated series in the middle east."	"this speaker of english and arabic hosts ""journeys with hamza yusuf"", a top-rated series in the middle east."
"he was falsely accused of espionage for receiving a letter from the west and also of ""anti-soviet demagogy"" for being in the possession of a western journal on naval affairs (such accusations were common against people who were persecuted for being non-communists in all countries of eastern europe under soviet occupation) and deported to a gulagin siberia, where he was severely mistreated."	"he was accused of espionage for receiving a letter from the west and also of ""anti-soviet demagogy"" for being in the possession of a western journal on naval affairs (such accusations were common against people who were persecuted for being non-communists in all countries of eastern europe under soviet occupation) and deported to a gulagin siberia, where he was severely mistreated."
the admission for undergraduate courses is based on a highly-competitive annual open concourse called vestibular.	the admission for undergraduate courses is based on a annual open concourse called vestibular.
in night on earth, (1991) he plays a cabbie in rome, causing his passenger, a priest, great discomfort and a heart attack by confessing his revolting sexual experiences.	in night on earth, (1991) he plays a cabbie in rome, causing his passenger, a priest, great discomfort and a heart attack by confessing his bizarre sexual experiences.
"they cite the etymology of the terms ""man"" and ""woman,"" and note that both the origin and current usage of the two words are already gender- neutral ."	"they cite the etymology of the terms ""man"" and ""woman,"" and note that both the origin and current usage of the two words are already gender- specific ."
"one of the standout tracks, ""parker's band,"" was a tribute to legendary jazz saxophonist charlie parker."	"one of the tracks, ""parker's band,"" was a tribute to legendary jazz saxophonist charlie parker."
"an investigation by the united states department of justice on august 21, 1993 said that this behavior was illegal; in a consent decree issued on july 15, 1994, microsoft agreed to a deal in which, among other things, it would not ""tie"" other microsoft products into its operating system."	"an investigation by the united states department of justice on august 21, 1993 resulted in an opinion stating that this behavior was illegal; in a consent decree issued on july 15, 1994, microsoft agreed to a deal in which, among other things, it would not ""tie"" other microsoft products into its operating system."
vorokhta is a popular tourist spa town, located in western ukraine, in the carpathian mountains.	vorokhta is a tourist spa town, located in western ukraine, in the carpathian mountains.
kosovo borders albania to the west, central serbia to the north and east, the republic of macedonia to the south, and montenegro to the northwest.	kosovo borders albania to the west, serbia to the north and east, the republic of macedonia to the south, and montenegro to the northwest.
along with around 400 others mediawatch-uk responded to a home office consultation concerning extreme pornography in december 2005. in the mediawatch-uk response it was suggested that the mere possession of explicit consensual adult pornography of the type that is currently legally sold in high street sex shops (r18 classification) should become a criminal offence punishable by up to three years in prison.	along with around 400 others mediawatch-uk responded to a home office consultation concerning extreme pornography in december 2005. in the mediawatch-uk response it was suggested that the possession of explicit consensual adult pornography of the type that is currently legally sold in high street sex shops (r18 classification) should become a criminal offence punishable by up to three years in prison.
allensbach is a town in the district of konstanz in baden-wrttemberg in germany, which is known for being the home of the institut fr demoskopie allensbach, a prestigious polling organization.	allensbach is a town in the district of konstanz in baden-wrttemberg in germany, which is known for being the home of the institut fr demoskopie allensbach, a polling organization.
wonder girl is the name of three superheroines in the comic books and other media produced by dc comics.	wonder girl is the name of three fictional characters featured as superheroes in the comic books and other media produced by dc comics.
promises are added, this figure rises dramatically to a total of $59.1 trillion.	promises are added, this figure rises to a total of $59.1 trillion.
erin horsburgh is a woman who believes that she may be azaria chamberlain, the baby who went missing from camping grounds around the base of uluru in 1980, and for which her parents lindy chamberlain and michael chamberlain were initially convicted of the murder and then released.	erin horsburgh is a woman who claims that she may be azaria chamberlain, the baby who went missing from camping grounds around the base of uluru in 1980, and for which her parents lindy chamberlain and michael chamberlain were initially convicted of the murder and then released.
the mass execution was ultimately thwarted by divine intervention, following which ptolemy took an altogether more forgiving attitude towards his jewish subjects.	the mass execution was ultimately thwarted , an act credited to divine intervention, following which ptolemy took an altogether more forgiving attitude towards his jewish subjects.
though his detailed critiques of chemical evolution are viewed favorably among fellow creationists, they have not found acceptance within the mainstream scientific community.	though his critiques of chemical evolution are viewed favorably among fellow creationists, they have not found acceptance within the mainstream scientific community.
excellent essay on the goldberg variations by yo tomita	an essay on the goldberg variations by yo tomita
in the face of negative publicity concerning lindane pharmaceutical products, the u.s. manufacturer, morton grove pharmaceuticals, filed a legal complaint on february 6, 2007 in the u.s. district court in chicago, illinois against the national pediculosis association, the ecology center, inc., and two physicians for statements made and disseminated to healthcare providers and consumers using the internet, a series of newsletters and so-called fact sheets.	in the face of negative publicity concerning lindane pharmaceutical products, the u.s. manufacturer, morton grove pharmaceuticals, filed a legal complaint on february 6, 2007 in the u.s. district court in chicago, illinois against the national pediculosis association, the ecology center, inc., and two physicians for statements made and disseminated to healthcare providers and consumers using the internet, a series of newsletters and fact sheets.
double nickels on the dime is an album recorded by the minutemen on the sst label in 1984. as a double album with 43 songs, it was meant as a response to husker du's wonderful ambitious double album zen arcade.	double nickels on the dime is an album recorded by the minutemen on the sst label in 1984. as a double album with 43 songs, it was meant as a response to husker du's wonderful double album zen arcade.
ineffectiveness of the jawara regime	ineffectiveness of the jawara government
chainfire is the ninth book in terry goodkind's sword of truth series, and the first in a trilogy that is to finally end the series.	chainfire is the ninth book in terry goodkind's sword of truth series, and the first in a trilogy that is to end the series.
in the midst of these extraordinary athletic accomplishments, and throughout much of his prime swimming career, furniss became noted for achieving athletic success in spite of waging a quiet and very personal battle against the crippling arthritic disease, ankylosing spondylitis.	in the midst of these athletic accomplishments, and throughout much of his prime swimming career, furniss became noted for achieving athletic success in spite of waging a quiet and very personal battle against the crippling arthritic disease, ankylosing spondylitis.
", on april 13, 2014, the israeli newspaper haaretz suggests in an unconfirmed report that unnamed officials in washington are not entirely satisfied with jerusalem 's ""neutrality"" regarding crimea's reunification with russia."	", on april 13, 2014, the israeli newspaper haaretz suggests in an unconfirmed report that unnamed officials in washington are not entirely satisfied with israel 's ""neutrality"" regarding crimea's reunification with russia."
richard a. rodriguez,(born may 24, 1963), a native of grant town, west virginia, is the current head football coach at the university of michigan.	richard a. rodriguez,(born may 24, 1963), a native of grant town, west virginia, is the head football coach at the university of michigan.
tirupati: tirupati is the abode for the world famous hindu temple of lord venkateswara.	tirupati: tirupati is the abode for the famous hindu temple of lord venkateswara.
in a report published in 2006, it was reported that 52.6% of maltese (older than 7 years and excluding those not able to attend) attended sunday mass in 2005, down from 75.1% in 1982 and 63.4% in 1995. hence, sunday mass attendance has dropped annually by 1% since 1982. according to archbishop charles scicluna, sunday mass attendance dropped further to roughly 40% by 2015. the 2017 census revealed that only 38% of the population attends mass every sunday.	in a report published in 2006, it was reported that 52.6% of maltese (older than 7 years and excluding those not able to attend) attended sunday mass in 2005, down from 75.1% in 1982 and 63.4% in 1995. hence, sunday mass attendance has dropped annually by 1% since 1982. according to archbishop charles scicluna, sunday mass attendance dropped further to roughly 40% by 2015. the 2017 census revealed that 38% of the population attends mass every sunday.
michael j. schmidt was appointed president to succeed dr. williams in august, 2002. a subsequent appeal kept the accreditation in force until october of that year, but by november enrollment at the school had plummeted to 865 students.	michael j. schmidt was appointed president to succeed dr. williams in august, 2002. a subsequent appeal kept the accreditation in force until october of that year, but by november enrollment at the school had fallen to 865 students.
in 2007, the discovery hd and science channels aired his six-episode series, it's all geek to me, a humorous how-to show about consumer technology.	in 2007, the discovery hd and science channels aired his six-episode series, it's all geek to me, a how-to show about consumer technology.
excellent overview of the virus and its applications in neuroscience	overview of the virus and its applications in neuroscience
opera's sleek interface on windows 7	opera's interface on windows 7
"the soviet war in afghanistan was a nine-year conflict involving the soviet union, supporting the marxist-leninist puppet government of the democratic republic of afghanistan against the indigenous afghan mujahideen and foreign ""arabafghan"" volunteers."	"the soviet war in afghanistan was a nine-year conflict involving the soviet union, supporting the marxist-leninist government of the democratic republic of afghanistan against the indigenous afghan mujahideen and foreign ""arabafghan"" volunteers."
"however, the following episode, ""episode 15"", suffered a drop in viewing figures, attracting only 13.3 million households."	"however, the following episode, ""episode 15"", suffered a drop in viewing figures, attracting 13.3 million households."
ali converted from the nation of islam sect to mainstream sunni islam in 1975. in a 2004 autobiography, written with daughter hana yasmeen ali, muhammad ali attributes his conversion to the shift toward islam made by warith deen muhammad after he gained control of the nation of islam upon the death of elijah muhammad in 1975. later in his life, he embraced the spiritual teachings of sufi hazrat inayat khan.	ali converted from the nation of islam sect to mainstream sunni islam in 1975. in a 2004 autobiography, written with daughter hana yasmeen ali, muhammad ali attributes his conversion to the shift toward islam made by warith deen muhammad after he gained control of the nation of islam upon the death of elijah muhammad in 1975. later in his life, he embraced the spiritual teachings of sufi inayat khan.
at club level, with messi and ronaldo representing bitter rivals barcelona and real madrid, the two players face each other at least twice every season in the world's most popular regular-season club game, el clsico, which had a global audience of 400 million viewers in march 2014. off the field, they are the face of two rival sportswear giants, messi of adidas and ronaldo of nike, despite the opposite kit sponsors for their respective clubs.	at club level, with messi and ronaldo representing rivals barcelona and real madrid, the two players face each other at least twice every season in the world's most popular regular-season club game, el clsico, which had a global audience of 400 million viewers in march 2014. off the field, they are the face of two rival sportswear giants, messi of adidas and ronaldo of nike, despite the opposite kit sponsors for their respective clubs.
many successful and famous gentlemen rank among sigma nu's alumni, including: bob barker, vance brand, paul bryant, william daniels, james dean, ronald evans, harrison ford, bob graham, al groh, william inge, clarence m. kelley, trent lott, glen miller, al michaels, archie manning, eli manning, rick neuheisel, pat riley, boyd tinsley, paul tibbets, joe buck, (remember the titans), and roger wicker.	many successful and famous men rank among sigma nu's alumni, including: bob barker, vance brand, paul bryant, william daniels, james dean, ronald evans, harrison ford, bob graham, al groh, william inge, clarence m. kelley, trent lott, glen miller, al michaels, archie manning, eli manning, rick neuheisel, pat riley, boyd tinsley, paul tibbets, joe buck, (remember the titans), and roger wicker.
it tore asunder the veil of respectability which had concealed the secret debaucheries of the leaders of society and thoroughly exposed the greed, the insincerity and the trickery of the brahmins.	it tore asunder the veil of respectability which had concealed the secret debaucheries of the leaders of society and thoroughly exposed the greed, the insincerity and the trickery of those particular brahmins.
widely acknowledged as the intellectual anchor of the court's conservative wing, he is a vigorous proponent of textualism in statutory interpretation and original meaning in constitutional interpretation, and a passionate critic of the idea of an evolving constitution.	widely regarded as the intellectual anchor of the court's conservative wing, he is a vigorous proponent of textualism in statutory interpretation and original meaning in constitutional interpretation, and a passionate critic of the idea of an evolving constitution.
valvil ori, the mighty vettuva gounder ruler, who ruled the kolli hills during the sangam period.	valvil ori, the vettuva gounder ruler, who ruled the kolli hills during the sangam period.
the hog deer (axis porcinus) is small deer whose habitat ranges from pakistan, through northern continental india, to mainland southeast asia.	the hog deer (axis porcinus) is small deer whose habitat ranges from pakistan, through northern india, to mainland southeast asia.
famous cricketer denis compton also played in the arsenal side.	cricketer denis compton also played in the arsenal side.
he began to oppose the death penalty and after his retirement he wrote a memoir entitled eighty-eight men and two women in support of the crusade to abolish the death penalty.	he began to oppose the death penalty and after his retirement he wrote a memoir entitled eighty-eight men and two women in support of the movement to abolish the death penalty.
the first manor house in tyldesley was surprisingly astley hall, the home hugh tyldesley in 1212.	the first manor house in tyldesley was astley hall, the home hugh tyldesley in 1212.
racial memory, more commonly known as genetic memory, refers to the discredited hypothesis that an organism lays down knowledge and experiences during its life time, that are in turn is carried or hardwired into its descendants, without the need of actual contact or communication.	racial memory, more commonly known as genetic memory, refers to the hypothesis that an organism lays down knowledge and experiences during its life time, that are in turn is carried or hardwired into its descendants, without the need of actual contact or communication.
"during the war of 1812, (1812-1815), an interesting incident occurred involving the prince george's county jail, when local resident dr. william beanes, (1775-1824) captured several marauding british army deserters from the passing army of general robert ross (british army officer)|general robert ross (1766-1814) and vice admiral, sir george cockburn, (1772-1853), and held them in the county jail, after he had treated several wounded ""redcoat"" soldiers in their march on to washington and the disastrous battle of bladensburg on the eastern branch stream of the anacostia river in august 1814. later he was arrested along with several others including robert bowie, former 11th governor of maryland (1803-1806, 1811-1812) by retreating british cavalry on orders from ross who had stayed in his home as headquarters."	"during the war of 1812, (1812-1815), an incident occurred involving the prince george's county jail, when local resident dr. william beanes, (1775-1824) captured several marauding british army deserters from the passing army of general robert ross (british army officer)|general robert ross (1766-1814) and vice admiral, sir george cockburn, (1772-1853), and held them in the county jail, after he had treated several wounded ""redcoat"" soldiers in their march on to washington and the disastrous battle of bladensburg on the eastern branch stream of the anacostia river in august 1814. later he was arrested along with several others including robert bowie, former 11th governor of maryland (1803-1806, 1811-1812) by retreating british cavalry on orders from ross who had stayed in his home as headquarters."
one of the more commonly advanced theories about september 11th is the notion the united states government alledgedly knew of the impending attacks and failed to act on that knowledge.	one of the more commonly accepted theories about september 11th is the notion the united states government alledgedly knew of the impending attacks and failed to act on that knowledge.
premium economy provides a separate check-in, a larger seat with more leg room than economy, and a welcome glass of champagne.	premium economy provides a separate check-in, a larger seat with more leg room than economy, and a glass of champagne.
the english reformation was the series of events in 16th-century england by which the church of england first broke away from the authority of the pope and the roman catholic church.	the english reformation was the series of events in 16th-century england by which the church of england broke away from the authority of the pope and the roman catholic church.
the latter day saint movement is a non-christian religious movement which began in the early 19th century and is generally considered to be founded by joseph smith, jr., whom those involved in the movement regard to be a prophet.	the latter day saint movement is a religious movement which began in the early 19th century and is generally considered to be founded by joseph smith, jr., whom those involved in the movement regard to be a prophet.
prof. john stackhouse, a theologian, philosopher and respected critic of contemporary culture regarding religion and spirituality, wrote:	prof. john stackhouse, a theologian, philosopher and critic of contemporary culture regarding religion and spirituality, wrote:
"tony kornheiser famously said ""lucky for us, cooke didn't name his kids peter and ennis ."""	"tony kornheiser said ""lucky for us, cooke didn't name his kids peter and ennis."""
the criminal is kept locked in the barrel, forcing him to kneel in his own filth.	the person is kept locked in the barrel, forcing him to kneel in his own filth.
clearly party to the decision to murder the royal family, voikov was given the specific task of arranging for the disposal of their remains, obtaining 150 gallons of gasoline and 400 pounds of sulphuric acid, the latter from the yekaterinburg pharmacy.	clearly party to the decision to execute the royal family, voikov was given the specific task of arranging for the disposal of their remains, obtaining 150 gallons of gasoline and 400 pounds of sulphuric acid, the latter from the yekaterinburg pharmacy.
"further, it is reported that muhammad pbuh referred to such an act as ""minor sodomy."""	"further, it is reported that muhammad referred to such an act as ""minor sodomy."""
most christians around the world today accept evolution as the most likely explanation for the origins of life, and do not take a literal view of the genesis creation myth .	most christians around the world today accept evolution as the most likely explanation for the origins of life, and do not take a literal view of the genesis creation theory .
during the incident ferry famously remained calm and unflappable, even taking the time to challenge his son, otis ferry, about his bad language while assisting to restrain mukonyi.	during the incident ferry reportedly remained calm and unflappable, even taking the time to challenge his son, otis ferry, about his bad language while assisting to restrain mukonyi.
"pure pwnage (pronounced ""pure ownage"") is a cult webisode series by ""roflmao productions""."	"pure pwnage (pronounced ""pure ownage"") is a webisode series by ""roflmao productions""."
the early 1980s saw something of a revival of the genre, led by innovative artists such as marillion, iq, twelfth night, pendragon, galahad, pallas, and saga.	the early 1980s saw something of a revival of the genre, led by artists such as marillion, iq, twelfth night, pendragon, galahad, pallas, and saga.
they rallied a mob of plantation owners and slave-holders to seek out jemmy and his freedom-seeking followers.	they rallied a mob of plantation owners and slave-holders to seek out jemmy and his followers.
on november 26, 2001, she was released on parole after serving only little over three years.	on november 26, 2001, she was released on parole after serving little over three years.
toll roads are only in 26 states as of 2006. the majority of states without any turnpikes are in the west and south.	toll roads are in 26 states as of 2006. the majority of states without any turnpikes are in the west and south.
it is creamy and has a smoothness and elasticity that is chewy and delicious .	it is creamy and has a smoothness and elasticity that is chewy and usually new to the beginning mara eater .
recorded november 5, 2007. in this discussion, held on the 11th anniversary of the passing of proposition 209, a distinguished panel of speakers delivers a variety of critical perspectives on affirmative action.	recorded november 5, 2007. in this discussion, held on the 11th anniversary of the passing of proposition 209, a panel of speakers delivers a variety of critical perspectives on affirmative action.
as far as the lower ranks, a large number were killed in combat, were executed by inmates when/if they could get their hands on them, were captured in combat and executed (on the eastern front) or imprisoned and died in russian camps.	as far as the lower ranks, a large number were killed in combat, were killed by inmates when/if they could get their hands on them, were captured in combat and executed (on the eastern front) or imprisoned and died in russian camps.
also , a driver legally needs to have the ability to bring the vehicle to a stop under any circumstances, including when the engine stalls during normal driving.	in addition , a driver legally needs to have the ability to bring the vehicle to a stop under any circumstances, including when the engine stalls during normal driving.
others argue that their unregistered animals are highly desirable as companion animals and economical for ordinary people to purchase.	others argue that their unregistered animals are desirable as companion animals and economical for ordinary people to purchase.
on crossfire, prior to the 2004 presidential election, carlson exchanged heated words with jon stewart, host of the the daily show with jon stewart, a fake news show on comedy central, where stewart became an outspoken critic of crossfire and other cable news shows.	on crossfire, prior to the 2004 presidential election, carlson exchanged heated words with jon stewart, host of the the daily show with jon stewart, a satirical news show on comedy central, where stewart became an outspoken critic of crossfire and other cable news shows.
one year after the sentence was carried out, lorraine was apparently aware that her parents were both dead, but not of the manner of their passing .	one year after the sentence was carried out, lorraine was apparently aware that her parents were both dead, but not of the manner of their death .
although olive garden advertises heavily about having a cooking institute in tuscany, many news outlets have reported that, in fact, there is no institute or even school.	although olive garden advertises heavily about having a cooking institute in tuscany, news outlets have reported that, in fact, there is no institute or even school.
"she refutes gay rights arguments that label opponents like her ""bigots"" seeking to ""discriminate"" against homosexuals by denying them ""due process""."	"she fights against gay rights arguments that label opponents like her ""bigots"" seeking to ""discriminate"" against homosexuals by denying them ""due process""."
ebaum's world forum registration was still disabled 4 days after goons from something awful invaded it to mass request their original work be removed from the site.	ebaum's world forum registration was still disabled 4 days after users from something awful invaded it to mass request their original work be removed from the site.
united states government minister john l. stevens, informed about possible threats to non-combatant american lives and property by the committee of safety, obliged their request and summoned a company of uniformed u.s. marines from the u.s.s.	united states government minister john l. stevens, informed about the supposed threats to non-combatant american lives and property by the committee of safety, obliged their request and summoned a company of uniformed u.s. marines from the u.s.s.
based on this, theoretical rationalizations as to why a policy of free trade would be beneficial to nations developed over time, especially in europe, and especially in britain, over the past five centuries.	based on this, theoretical explanations as to why a policy of free trade would be beneficial to nations developed over time, especially in europe, and especially in britain, over the past five centuries.
"hunt, who died in 2006, allegedly said he meant the silly name ""super bowl"" to be used only until a better one could be found, but the name became permanent."	"hunt, who died in 2006, allegedly said he meant the name ""super bowl"" to be used only until a better one could be found, but the name became permanent."
"until then, german military enigma traffic had utterly defeated the british and french, and they had faced the disturbing prospect that german communications would remain ""black"" to them for the duration of the coming war."	"until then, german military enigma traffic had defeated the british and french, and they had faced the disturbing prospect that german communications would remain ""black"" to them for the duration of the coming war."
his age, combined with his health issues (from www.gerrold.com) leads many to believe that this wonderful series will never actually be completed.	his age, combined with his health issues (from www.gerrold.com) leads many to believe that this series will never actually be completed.
in november 9 2007, united states released two of the hostages (after 305 days) as well as 7 other iranian citizens.	in november 9 2007, united states released two of the detainees (after 305 days) as well as 7 other iranian citizens.
the gilgitbaltistan administration of pakistan- occupied kashmir and the xinjiang administration of china have signed an agreement to issue border passes to their permanent residents.	the gilgitbaltistan administration of pakistan- administered kashmir and the xinjiang administration of china have signed an agreement to issue border passes to their permanent residents.
unusually , it employs a team of acquisition editors to approach potential authors.	unlike most print on demand publishing companies , it employs a team of acquisition editors to approach potential authors.
the white poppy is a flower used as a symbol of pacifism, worn either in place of or sometimes in addition to the red remembrance poppy for remembrance day or anzac day.	the white poppy is a flower used as a symbol of pacifism, worn either in place of or in addition to the red remembrance poppy for remembrance day or anzac day.
there is sustained resistance from sections of the testing community towards the standardization of software testing.	there is resistance from sections of the testing community towards the standardization of software testing.
after the group broke up, holliday became a well-known broadway and motion picture comedienne and won an academy award for best actress for born yesterday.	after the group broke up, holliday became a well-known broadway and motion picture comedian and won an academy award for best actress for born yesterday.
he also recognised that australia's future lay in asia.	he also argued that australia's future lay in asia.
"one notable comment that drew criticism from the blogosphere as well as fellow conservatives was made during a speech at the conservative political action conference in february 2006, where she said, referring to the prospect of a nuclear-equipped iran, ""what if they start having one of these bipolar episodes with nuclear weapons?"	"one comment that drew criticism from the blogosphere as well as fellow conservatives was made during a speech at the conservative political action conference in february 2006, where she said, referring to the prospect of a nuclear-equipped iran, ""what if they start having one of these bipolar episodes with nuclear weapons?"
the film's entertainment value made it popular with audiences; however, it was unable to recover its production costs, and vasan remade it in hindi in order to do so after being advised by popular distributor tharachand.	the film's entertainment value made it popular with audiences; however, it was unable to recover its production costs, and vasan remade it in hindi in order to do so after being advised by film distributor tharachand.
tom spillane (born 1962) was a famous gaelic footballer for templenoe and kerry	tom spillane (born 1962) was a gaelic footballer for templenoe and kerry
seal of the columbia university college of physicians and surgeonsthe columbia university college of physicians and surgeons, affectionately referred to as p&s, is a graduate school of columbia university located on the health sciences campus in the washington heights neighborhood of manhattan.	seal of the columbia university college of physicians and surgeonsthe columbia university college of physicians and surgeons, referred to as p&s, is a graduate school of columbia university located on the health sciences campus in the washington heights neighborhood of manhattan.
also, a portion of the unobtrusive advertising revenue goes to the developer as long as the portion is above twenty-five us dollars.	also, a portion of the advertising revenue goes to the developer as long as the portion is above twenty-five us dollars.
"this myth has been analyzed comparatively by georges dumzil, who connected it to various indo-european myths and even the european medieval legend of the holy grail, reconstructing an original myth (the ""ambrosia cycle"", or ""cycle of the mead"") about a trickster deity who steals the drink of immortality for mankind but fails in freeing humans from death."	"this myth has been analyzed comparatively by georges dumzil, who connected it to various indo-european myths and even the european medieval legend of the holy grail, reconstructing an original myth (the ""ambrosia cycle"", or ""cycle of the mead"") about a trickster deity who steals the drink of immortality for humanity but fails in freeing humans from death."
the wise abu bakr, whatever he may have thought of the morals of his lieutenant, was aware of his prowess.	the abu bakr, whatever he may have thought of the morals of his lieutenant, was aware of his prowess.
this cross, made of two steel i-beams is an image closely associated with the university, as it is present in much advertising media and visible from afar.	this cross, made of two steel i-beams is an image associated with the university, as it is present in much advertising media and visible from afar.
), however evidence of other carnivorous megafauna, such as the marsupial lion (thylacoleo), has not yet been found.	), however evidence of other carnivorous megafauna, such as the marsupial lion (thylacoleo), has not been found.
these modern tall buildings and the subsequent increase in population coupled with poorly-planned infrastructure made sharjah suffer from traffic jams.	these modern tall buildings and the subsequent increase in population coupled with inadequate infrastructure made sharjah suffer from traffic jams.
the family international (tfi) is a cult that started in 1968 in huntington beach, california, usa.	the family international (tfi) is a new religious movement that started in 1968 in huntington beach, california, usa.
if the impact of a paper is the number of citations it receives, it is logical to divide that impact by the number of authors involved.	if the impact of a paper is the number of citations it receives, it might be logical to divide that impact by the number of authors involved.
evidence-based practice debate	evidence-based practice
"following rigged elections, in which only pro-communist candidates were allowed to run, the newly ""elected"" parliaments of the three countries formally applied to ""join"" the soviet union in august 1940 and were annexed into it as the estonian ssr, the latvian ssr, and the lithuanian ssr."	"following rigged elections, in which only pro-communist candidates were allowed to run, the newly ""elected"" parliaments of the three countries formally applied to ""join"" the soviet union in august 1940 and were incorporated into it as the estonian ssr, the latvian ssr, and the lithuanian ssr."
"garraty found ""remarkable"" similarities between the new deal and german antidepression policies but concluded that the new deal did not have a large element of fascism."	"garraty suggested that there were some ""remarkable"" similarities between the new deal and german antidepression policies but concluded that the new deal did not have a large element of fascism."
at number 10-12 is stanford's, one of the oldest and best map shops in the uk.	at number 10-12 is stanford's, one of the oldest and most extensive map shops in the uk.
it has even been discovered in two hot springs in singapore.	it has been discovered in two hot springs in singapore.
in the united states, great britain and other countries, despite the relatively high morbidity and mortality rates that resulted from the epidemic in 19181919, the spanish flu began to fade from public awareness over the decades until the arrival of frightening news about bird flu and other pandemics in the 1990s and 2000s.	in the united states, great britain and other countries, despite the relatively high morbidity and mortality rates that resulted from the epidemic in 19181919, the spanish flu began to fade from public awareness over the decades until the arrival of news about bird flu and other pandemics in the 1990s and 2000s.
kenny rogers as the gambler debuted on april 8, 1980. it was a ratings and critical success that eventually spawned four sequels.	kenny rogers as the gambler debuted on april 8, 1980. it was a ratings and critical success that has spawned four sequels.
at that time the new republic criticized moon for appointing his own children and in-laws to leadership positions in the church and related businesses, for misusing the church for personal gain at the expense of his own followers, and for making millions by the selling of trinkets that were said to cause the liberation of customers' ancestors from hell.	at that time the new republic criticized moon for appointing his own children and in-laws to leadership positions in the church and related businesses, for misusing the church for personal gain at the expense of his own followers, and for making millions by the selling of objects that were said to cause the liberation of customers' ancestors from hell.
guatemala city is home to many of the nations libraries and museums, including the national archives, the national library, and the museum of archaeology and ethnology, which has an excellent collection of maya artifacts.	guatemala city is home to many of the nations libraries and museums, including the national archives, the national library, and the museum of archaeology and ethnology, which has an extensive collection of maya artifacts.
in 2016, zhu has signed a bollywood romantic drama film tubelight, opposite to superstar salman khan.	in 2016, zhu has signed a bollywood romantic drama film tubelight, opposite to salman khan.
october 15 – edie adams, actress, singer, comedienne , businesswoman, and wife of ernie kovacs (b.	october 15 – edie adams, actress, singer, comedian , businesswoman, and wife of ernie kovacs (b.
forest were founded in 1865 by a group of shinty players shortly after their famous neighbours notts county, (the world's oldest surviving professional football club), in 1862. they joined the football alliance in 1888, and won the competition in 1892, which allowed them entry to the football league.	forest were founded in 1865 by a group of shinty players shortly after their neighbours notts county, (the world's oldest surviving professional football club), in 1862. they joined the football alliance in 1888, and won the competition in 1892, which allowed them entry to the football league.
highly suspect got their start in 2009 as a cover band playing songs by sublime, jimi hendrix and pink floyd in local bars in the cape cod area, such as the british beer company, j.r brody's roadside tavern, and sundancers, also touring and playing a limited amount of shows with bands 10 years, monster truck and even sevendust.	highly suspect got their start in 2009 as a cover band playing songs by sublime, jimi hendrix and pink floyd in local bars in the cape cod area, such as the british beer company, j.r brody's roadside tavern, and sundancers, also touring and playing a limited amount of shows with bands 10 years, monster truck and sevendust.
his acclaimed directorial works include the vinishing past, nomads of the human condition, asha, daughter of ganges, and water stories.	his directorial works include the vinishing past, nomads of the human condition, asha, daughter of ganges, and water stories.
"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american supermodel ."	"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american model ."
it provides a fascinating glimpse of how life in the region was like before the main wave of the great american interchange.	it provides a glimpse of how life in the region was like before the main wave of the great american interchange.
tetra master was a frustrating card game created for final fantasy ix and was popular enough to get its own standalone online game from playonline.	tetra master was a card game created for final fantasy ix and was popular enough to get its own standalone online game from playonline.
in 2000 kim married music producer damon thomas, though the couple divorced in 2004. kardashian is also known for her infamous sex tape scandal with ex-boyfriend r&b singer ray-j and her spread in playboy.	in 2000 kim married music producer damon thomas, though the couple divorced in 2004. kardashian is also known for her sex tape scandal with ex-boyfriend r&b singer ray-j and her spread in playboy.
many christians mistakenly believe that it will last seven years in all, usually divided into two periods of 3.5 years each.	many christians believe that it will last seven years in all, usually divided into two periods of 3.5 years each.
12 may catherine tate, comedienne	12 may catherine tate, comedian
"charles west was the first recorded white settler, in 1879. the early inhabitants chose the name ""melita"" for the town after hearing a bible reading (acts 28:1) about st. paul's shipwreck on the island of malta (melita is an older name for the island)."	"charles west was the first recorded european settler, in 1879. the early inhabitants chose the name ""melita"" for the town after hearing a bible reading (acts 28:1) about st. paul's shipwreck on the island of malta (melita is an older name for the island)."
brown, an unarmed black youth , was shot to death by a white police officer, darren wilson.	brown, an unarmed black man , was shot to death by a white police officer, darren wilson.
he won the silver medal at the 2003 world university games, and in the following years he became indoor champion on national, european and even world level.	he won the silver medal at the 2003 world university games, and in the following years he became indoor champion on national, european and world level.
it was revealed in march 2006 that itv1 had signed up davina to host the prestigious bafta television awards for the second time in may.	it was revealed in march 2006 that itv1 had signed up davina to host the bafta television awards for the second time in may.
in 1532, the year brittany was formally occupied by france, cartier was introduced to king francis i by jean le veneur, bishop of saint-malo and abbot of mont-saint-michel, at the manoir de brion.	in 1532, the year brittany was formally united by france, cartier was introduced to king francis i by jean le veneur, bishop of saint-malo and abbot of mont-saint-michel, at the manoir de brion.
tamara braun (born april 18, 1971) is an american actress, best known for her work in daytime television, including her emmy-winning role as ava vitali in days of our lives, as well as her earlier role as carly corinthos on general hospital.	tamara braun (born april 18, 1971) is an american actress, best known for her work in daytime television, including her role as ava vitali in days of our lives, as well as her earlier role as carly corinthos on general hospital.
over the years achuthanand has received huge recognition for this photographic images.his most notable recognition is mahakumbh mela-2013 a photo documentary on the mahakumbh festival and beyond sight a photo documentary on visually challenged,he got a grant from unesco for showcasing the life of visually challenged	over the years achuthanand has received recognition for this photographic images.his most notable recognition is mahakumbh mela-2013 a photo documentary on the mahakumbh festival and beyond sight a photo documentary on visually challenged,he got a grant from unesco for showcasing the life of visually challenged
heavier neutral particles ; see list of mesons and list of baryons	heavier neutral hadrons ; see list of mesons and list of baryons
"ginger rogers appeared with lucille ball in an episode of ""here's lucy"" on november 22, 1971, where, with lucie arnaz, she gave a fabulous demonstration of the charleston, in the famous ""high heels""."	"ginger rogers appeared with lucille ball in an episode of ""here's lucy"" on november 22, 1971, where, with lucie arnaz, she gave a demonstration of the charleston, in the famous ""high heels""."
possible problems with the first vision	alleged problems with the first vision
after germany's unlucky loss to italy in the semifinals, mertesacker had surgery on one of his legs and missed the consolation finals.	after germany's loss to italy in the semifinals, mertesacker had surgery on one of his legs and missed the consolation finals.
since 1945, taiwan has been under the administration of the republic of china (roc), and has for all practical purposes been independent since then.	since 1945, taiwan has been under the administration of the republic of china (roc), and has for all practical purposes been politically separate from mainland china since then.
despite being based on professional wrestling, wrestlemania's digitized graphics and fast-paced gameplay make it more of a fighting game clearly inspired by midway's popular mortal kombat series.	despite being based on professional wrestling, wrestlemania's digitized graphics and fast-paced gameplay make it more of a fighting game inspired by midway's popular mortal kombat series.
friedrich wilhelm nietzsche (october 15, 1844 – august 25, 1900) was an influential german philosopher, psychologist, and philologist.	friedrich wilhelm nietzsche (october 15, 1844 – august 25, 1900) was a profoundly influential german philosopher, psychologist, and philologist.
"the constitution unfortunately mentions ""sign language"" in the generic sense rather than, as is widely believed, south african sign language specifically."	"the constitution mentions ""sign language"" in the generic sense rather than, as is widely believed, south african sign language specifically."
the album sold only 650,000 copies to date.	the album sold 650,000 copies to date.
"the town famously gave its name to the ancestors of robert the bruce, bruce being the anglicisation of ""brieux""."	"the town gave its name to the ancestors of robert the bruce, bruce being the anglicisation of ""brieux""."
unfortunately , she did not win, and several days after the awards ceremony she died.	however , she did not win, and several days after the awards ceremony she died.
michael osborne is a prolific writer.	michael osborne is a published writer.
"unluckily , in the late spring of 2001, o-town released ""all or nothing"", and the song became their biggest hit of their career as a group."	"however , in the late spring of 2001, o-town released ""all or nothing"", and the song became their biggest hit of their career as a group."
kucharski signed for scottish premier league side hearts on 5 july 2009. he made his debut on the opening day of the season away to dundee united fc he is a dodgy defender who cost hearts goals away to hamilton in a recent league game.	kucharski signed for scottish premier league side hearts on 5 july 2009. he made his debut on the opening day of the season away to dundee united fc he is a defender who cost hearts goals away to hamilton in a recent league game.
in this chasm, rare ferns grow, along with several endemic species, including a charming giant cricket.	in this chasm, rare ferns grow, along with several endemic species, including a giant cricket.
it was first published in june 2008 and is distributed freely to all mps, meps, peers, political journalists, members of the scottish, welsh and northern irish assemblies, and all senior councillors down to district level as well as being available by subscription and sold on newsstands.	it was first published in june 2008 and is distributed freely to all mps, meps, peers, political journalists, members of the scottish, welsh and northern ireland assemblies, and all senior councillors down to district level as well as being available by subscription and sold on newsstands.
garcia's next fight was a rematch against legendary ring top 10 light welterweight, erik morales.	garcia's next fight was a rematch against ring top 10 light welterweight, erik morales.
in a 2002 study that occurred soon after 9/11 where 55% of americans favored decreasing legal immigration, 27% favored keeping it at the same level, and only 15% favored increasing it.	in a 2002 study that occurred soon after 9/11 where 55% of americans favored decreasing legal immigration, 27% favored keeping it at the same level, and 15% favored increasing it.
in 1989, the sociologist mary deyoung reviewed the literature published by pedophile organizations for public dissemination.	in 1989, sociologist mary deyoung reviewed the literature published by pedophile organizations for public dissemination.
"fans value the website as an alternative media resource which provides a counterweight to the perceived anti-zionist bias of mainstream media sources like reuters (or ""al-reuters"" in lgf slang)."	"fans see the website as an alternative media resource which provides a counterweight to the perceived anti-zionist bias of mainstream media sources like reuters (or ""al-reuters"" in lgf slang)."
when dian is diagnosed with a terminal disease, the two travel the world together until her passing .	when dian is diagnosed with a terminal disease, the two travel the world together until her death .
it is located in the state-of-the-art valparaiso university center for the arts (vuca) on the campus of valparaiso university in valparaiso, indiana, usa.	it is located in the valparaiso university center for the arts (vuca) on the campus of valparaiso university in valparaiso, indiana, usa.
the timing of the wedding, which falls only six days before elections for the scottish parliament, welsh assembly and northern ireland assembly, as well as the planned uk alternative vote referendum, has also been criticised.	the timing of the wedding, which falls six days before elections for the scottish parliament, welsh assembly and northern ireland assembly, as well as the planned uk alternative vote referendum, has also been criticised.
kim jong-il (born february 16, 1942) has been the ruler of north korea since 1994. he succeeded his father, kim il-sung, who had ruled north korea since 1948. formerly styled as the dear leader , he is now officially addressed by his title chairman.	kim jong-il (born february 16, 1942) has been the leader of north korea since 1994. he succeeded his father, kim il-sung, who had ruled north korea since 1948. formerly styled as the dear leader , he is now officially addressed by his title chairman.
like his comrade qazi mian muhammad amjad, he was an authority on ibn arabi and his 37-volume masterpiece the meccan illuminations (al-futt al-makkiyya).	like his comrade qazi mian muhammad amjad, he was an authority on ibn arabi and his 37-volume work the meccan illuminations (al-futt al-makkiyya).
english is a west germanic language that originated in anglo-saxon england.	english is a west germanic language that developed in anglo-saxon england.
this was confirmed by the author's first cousin, margaret hemingway bundy, prior to her passing .	this was confirmed by the author's first cousin, margaret hemingway bundy, prior to her death .
the columbia is a great source of hydroelectric power, hosting the bonneville and grand coulee dams, among others.	the columbia is a source of hydroelectric power, hosting the bonneville and grand coulee dams, among others.
in 2004 he was awarded the prestigious israel prize.	in 2004 he was awarded the israel prize.
following the departure from harewood, the tour went along the wharfe valley passing through otley, burley in wharfedale and the home of the famous cow and calf rocks, ilkley.	following the departure from harewood, the tour went along the wharfe valley passing through otley, burley in wharfedale and the home of the cow and calf rocks, ilkley.
hamas members , especially those in the izz el-din al-qassam brigades, have conducted many attacks, including large-scale suicide bombings against israeli civilian targets.	hamas terrorists , especially those in the izz el-din al-qassam brigades, have conducted many attacks, including large-scale suicide bombings against israeli civilian targets.
"robin gibb performed lead vocals on the track, which surprisingly included (part of) the chorus from ""ghetto supastar""."	"robin gibb performed lead vocals on the track, which included (part of) the chorus from ""ghetto supastar""."
he demonstrates these unusual talents again when he effortlessly dispatches the trinity brothers and discerns that lockon stratos had been blinded in one eye from within the confines of his mobile suit.	he demonstrates these unusual talents again when he dispatches the trinity brothers and discerns that lockon stratos had been blinded in one eye from within the confines of his mobile suit.
despite the advances of modernism as exemplified in the work of t. s. eliot and ezra pound, and the widespread appearance of free verse in the early decades of the 20th century, many poets continued to work predominantly in traditional forms, such as those poets in america sometimes associated with the new criticism, including john crowe ransom, allen tate, anthony hecht, and richard wilbur.	despite the innovations of modernism as exemplified in the work of t. s. eliot and ezra pound, and the widespread appearance of free verse in the early decades of the 20th century, many poets continued to work predominantly in traditional forms, such as those poets in america sometimes associated with the new criticism, including john crowe ransom, allen tate, anthony hecht, and richard wilbur.
her first revisionist book, the jews in egypt, was published in 1971 along with a study on egyptian coptic christians, under the arabic pseudonym yahudiya masriya, meaning egyptian jewess.	her first book, the jews in egypt, was published in 1971 along with a study on egyptian coptic christians, under the arabic pseudonym yahudiya masriya, meaning egyptian jewess.
on march 15, 2013, citino was awarded the 2013 distinguished book award by the society for military history for his seminal work the wehrmacht retreats: fighting a lost war, 1943. the book explores german losses in key campaigns in 1943losses which would eventually lead to an erosion of the german military's strategic advantage.	on march 15, 2013, citino was awarded the 2013 distinguished book award by the society for military history for his work the wehrmacht retreats: fighting a lost war, 1943. the book explores german losses in key campaigns in 1943losses which would eventually lead to an erosion of the german military's strategic advantage.
there are also three ladies teams and schoolboy league teams at under eleven, thirteen, fifteen, seventeen and nineteen age groups.	there are also two ladies teams and schoolboy league teams at under eleven, thirteen, fifteen, seventeen and nineteen age groups.
these products, such as the guardian angel, are also a great self-defense weapon for college students and commuters, especially on campuses that prohibit the concealed carry of firearms.	these products, such as the guardian angel, are also a suitable self-defense weapon for college students and commuters, especially on campuses that prohibit the concealed carry of firearms.
the drug is extensively metabolized with 3 or 4 major metabolites having been identified in man , some of which such as mcpp may contribute to the side effect profile of trazodone.	the drug is extensively metabolized with 3 or 4 major metabolites having been identified in the human body , some of which such as mcpp may contribute to the side effect profile of trazodone.
the term can also be misinterpreted to include non-black immigrants from africa to the united states, such as white south africans or arab africans, although these groups generally do not refer to themselves as african american nor generally thought of as such in the united states.	the term can also be interpreted to include non-black immigrants from africa to the united states, such as white south africans or arab africans, although these groups generally do not refer to themselves as african american nor generally thought of as such in the united states.
one mis-assumption that president bush made was that the shi'ites (forming a 60% majority of the population) would welcome the invaders .	one mis-assumption that president bush made was that the shi'ites (forming a 60% majority of the population) would welcome the foreign troops .
it should also be noted that jess oppenheimer, producer of i love lucy, rightfully claims credit for the original concept of the teleprompter and was awarded the u.s. patent for its creation.	it should also be noted that jess oppenheimer, producer of i love lucy, claims credit for the original concept of the teleprompter and was awarded the u.s. patent for its creation.
vanity fair's savage criticism	vanity fair's criticism
he claimed to national geographic that carbon dioxide causing warming was just a hypothesis, but had been treated as fact because it fit a political agenda and the views of the environmentalists.	he stated to national geographic that carbon dioxide causing warming was just a hypothesis, but had been treated as fact because it fit a political agenda and the views of the environmentalists.
rdbms != object store -- great explanation about differences of relational databases and object stores.	rdbms != object store -- explanation about differences of relational databases and object stores.
they parted ways with 4ad following heaven or las vegas, partially because of conflicts with its founder ivo watts-russell, and were close to breaking up over internal problems, due in large part to guthrie's addiction to drugs and alcohol.	they parted ways with 4ad following heaven or las vegas, partially because of conflicts with its founder ivo watts-russell, and were close to breaking up over internal problems, due in large part to guthrie's addiction to drugs including alcohol.
in 2004, hyperion attempted to obtain a licence for an amigaos 4 native port of the powerful file manager directory opus which had originally and been developed on the amiga, but for which development had since moved to the microsoft windows platform.	in 2004, hyperion attempted to obtain a licence for an amigaos 4 native port of the file manager directory opus which had originally and been developed on the amiga, but for which development had since moved to the microsoft windows platform.
the controversial airline has been a subject of several safety investigations by the us ntsb and thai department of civil aviation after the crash of one-two-go airlines flight 269, operated by the low-cost domestic arm of the airline.	the airline has been a subject of several safety investigations by the us ntsb and thai department of civil aviation after the crash of one-two-go airlines flight 269, operated by the low-cost domestic arm of the airline.
falsely assuming that the answer is indeed correct, that means that the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything would be 42.	assuming that the answer is indeed correct, that means that the answer to the ultimate question of life, the universe and everything would be 42.
he was a student of guitar virtuoso joe satriani.	he was a student of guitar ist joe satriani.
pete escovedo, along with his sons juan escovedo and peter michael escovedo are currently recording with latin rock legends el chicano and their 3 piece percussion is featured on a new instrumental track from el chicano's most recent studio album due to be released in april 2014.	pete escovedo, along with his sons juan escovedo and peter michael escovedo are currently recording with latin rock group el chicano and their 3 piece percussion is featured on a new instrumental track from el chicano's most recent studio album due to be released in april 2014.
the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the intercontinental cup, a friendly competition first disputed in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.	the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the intercontinental cup, a competition first disputed in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.
bahgat makes the following four remarks regarding the iranian nuclear program:	bahgat makes the following four interpretations regarding the iranian nuclear program:
later versions used the sturdier rover t-series engine, with limited-run turbocharged rover 220s in gti and gsi-turbo trims, boast a power output of as standard.	later versions used the rover t-series engine, with limited-run turbocharged rover 220s in gti and gsi-turbo trims, boast a power output of as standard.
the generous financial support of harold j.	the financial support of harold j.
doce pares traces its history to lapulapu.	doce pares claims to trace its history to lapulapu.
commodore josaia voreqe bainimarama, msd, ostj, fijian navy, known commonly as frank bainimarama and sometimes by the chiefly title, ratu (born 27 april 1954) is the commander of the fijian military forces and, as of 5 january 2007, despodic prime minister.	commodore josaia voreqe bainimarama, msd, ostj, fijian navy, known commonly as frank bainimarama and sometimes by the chiefly title, ratu (born 27 april 1954) is the commander of the fijian military forces and, as of 5 january 2007, interim prime minister.
the film takes a critical look at the occupy movement.	the film takes a conspiratorial look at the occupy movement.
the bride, meghan markle, is an american actress .	the bride, meghan markle, is an american actor .
she remained there until after war broke out in europe in september 1939. to keep the war out of the americas, president franklin d. roosevelt issued two neutrality proclamations on the 5th and ordered the navy to form a neutrality patrol.	she remained there until after war broke out in europe in september 1939. to keep the war out of the americas, president franklin d. roosevelt issued two neutrality acts on the 5th and ordered the navy to form a neutrality patrol.
the mediocrity of her credentials in relation to the vast powers she was afforded has made her the fodder of many anti-bush activists.	the mediocrity of her credentials in relation to the vast powers she was afforded has made her the target of many anti-bush activists.
latin american britons are citizens of the united kingdom who are of latin american background.	latin american britons are citizens born or mainly raised in the united kingdom who are of latin american background.
chloe does not appear in 24: redemption, the two-hour tv prequel, which aired on sunday, november 23, 2008 , she and bill buchanan first appear in the third episode of the season, and are absent inexplicably from the fifth episode.	chloe does not appear in 24: redemption, the two-hour tv prequel, which aired on sunday, november 23, 2008 , she and bill buchanan first appear in the third episode of the season, and are absent from the fifth episode.
here he would meet up again with two fellow theatre lovers who would change his life entirely , harold clurman and lee strasberg.	here he would meet up again with two fellow theatre lovers who would change his life, harold clurman and lee strasberg.
fouad bachirou made a surprise move to swedish second tier side stersunds fk for an undisclosed fee.	fouad bachirou made a move to swedish second tier side stersunds fk for an undisclosed fee.
since many amateur telescope makers do not have access to high-precision machining equipment, many elegant designs such as the poncet platform, crayford focuser, and the dobsonian telescope have evolved, which achieve passable accuracy and stability without requiring strict tolerances in machining.	since many amateur telescope makers do not have access to high-precision machining equipment, many elegant designs such as the poncet platform, crayford focuser, and the dobsonian telescope have evolved, which achieve accuracy and stability without requiring strict tolerances in machining.
"other clever labels included the ""i am not worthy"" and the ""i am full of great ideas"" stickers."	"other labels included the ""i am not worthy"" and the ""i am full of great ideas"" stickers."
during the seventies they became one of the uk's leading rock bands, gaining a faithful following due to their excellent live gigs.	during the seventies they became one of the uk's leading rock bands, gaining a faithful following due to their live gigs.
the proprietor was tom miller, an aggressive capitalist who would buy several neighboring properties as well.	the proprietor was tom miller, an aggressive businessman who would buy several neighboring properties as well.
aghoose townland is close to bellanaboy where the contentious corrib gas pipeline tunnel is proposed to come above ground again.	aghoose townland is close to bellanaboy where the corrib gas pipeline tunnel is proposed to come above ground again.
(often incorrectly abbreviated m.o.s.	(often abbreviated m.o.s.
she also appears in the second season of the abc's primetime soap opera revenge from 2012 to 2013.	she also appears in the second season of abc's primetime soap opera revenge from 2012 to 2013.
the french began to expand aggressively in west africa in the late 1870s, pushing eastward from senegal in an attempt to reach the upper reaches of the nile in what is now sudan.	the french began to expand in west africa in the late 1870s, pushing eastward from senegal in an attempt to reach the upper reaches of the nile in what is now sudan.
when paying a worker, employers can use various methods and combinations of tactics .	when paying a worker, employers can use various methods and combinations of methods .
the four suites are nonetheless symphonic in character, and unjustly neglected masterpieces of orchestral writing.	the four suites are nonetheless symphonic in character, and often neglected masterpieces of orchestral writing.
the blu-ray standard was jointly developed by a group of leading consumer electronics and pc companies called the blu-ray disc association (bda).	the blu-ray standard was jointly developed by a group of consumer electronics and pc companies called the blu-ray disc association (bda).
"the term ""milliard"" is now obsolete in british english, and ""billion"" has meant nothing except 109 in all published writing for many years now."	"the term ""milliard"" is now rare in british english, and ""billion"" has meant nothing except 109 in all published writing for many years now."
the song was also covered brilliantly by johnny cash, on his album unchained, which won a grammy for best country album.	the song was also covered by johnny cash, on his album unchained, which won a grammy for best country album.
"pearse asserts that the prime minister and several of his key ministers were ""captured by a group of industries and their lobbyists, known as the greenhouse mafia""."	"pearse writes that the prime minister and several of his key ministers were ""captured by a group of industries and their lobbyists, known as the greenhouse mafia""."
the final scene (set in december 1789) shows the middle-aged lady lyndon sadly signing barry's annuity cheque as bullingdon looks on.	the final scene (set in december 1789) shows the middle-aged lady lyndon signing barry's annuity cheque as bullingdon looks on.
"west later claimed on his facebook page that he meant news agencies should be ""censured""."	"west later claimed on his facebook page that he actually said news agencies should be ""censured""."
police pumped tear gas canisters into the fleeing mob ; one officer raked the street and local houses with sub-machine gun fire.	police pumped tear gas canisters into the fleeing crowd ; one officer raked the street and local houses with sub-machine gun fire.
various religions have views on dinosaurs which differ from scientifically accepted facts .	various religions have views on dinosaurs which differ from scientifically accepted theory .
as a teacher and a da'iyah his speeches and thoughtful orations have inspired thousands of young men and women all over the world.	as a teacher and a da'iyah his speeches and orations have inspired thousands of young men and women all over the world.
"howard affirmed the claims, ""when i'm in business with a company and they hire howard stern imitators to go on in the afternoon... i don't want anyone knocking me,"" jokingly adding ""that's right."	"howard affirmed the claims, ""when i'm in business with a company and they hire howard stern imitators to go on in the afternoon... i don't want anyone knocking me,"" adding ""that's right."
novak retired from acting in 1991 and has since become an accomplished artist of oil paintings.	novak retired from acting in 1991 and has since become an artist of oil paintings.
"liberty lobby was an antisemitic american political advocacy organization founded in 1958 that went bankrupt in 2001. it was founded by willis carto and described itself as ""a pressure group for patriotism; the only lobby in washington, d.c., registered with congress which is wholly dedicated to the advancement of government policies based on our constitution and conservative principles."	"liberty lobby was an american political advocacy organization founded in 1958 that went bankrupt in 2001. it was founded by willis carto and described itself as ""a pressure group for patriotism; the only lobby in washington, d.c., registered with congress which is wholly dedicated to the advancement of government policies based on our constitution and conservative principles."
moon is also the founder and leader of the global unification movement which owns, operates or supports many organizations involved in political, cultural, mass-media, and other activities.	moon is also the founder and leader of the global unification movement which owns, operates or subsidizes many organizations involved in political, cultural, mass-media, and other activities.
defense attorneys cite numerous errors made during routier's trial and in the official transcript of it, as well as the investigation of the murders, especially at the crime scene.	defense attorneys allege numerous errors made during routier's trial and in the official transcript of it, as well as the investigation of the murders, especially at the crime scene.
craig ashley david (born may 5, 1981 in holyrod, southampton) is a successful english pop and r&b singer.	craig ashley david (born may 5, 1981 in holyrod, southampton) is a english pop and r&b singer.
because the malay word is used in english, there has been an unfair association made between the malays as a race and susceptibility to uncontrollable anger.	because the malay word is used in english, there has been an association made between the malays as a race and susceptibility to uncontrollable anger.
the film's special edition dvd release contains behind-the-scenes material giving useful insights into the film-making process.	the film's special edition dvd release contains behind-the-scenes material giving insights into the film-making process.
volunteers of america served proudly on the home front during both world wars.	volunteers of america served on the home front during both world wars.
margaret hilda thatcher, baroness thatcher, (; 13 october 19258 april 2013) was a british stateswoman who served as prime minister of the united kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and leader of the conservative party from 1975 to 1990. she was the longest-serving british prime minister of the 20th century and the first woman to hold that office.	margaret hilda thatcher, baroness thatcher, (; 13 october 19258 april 2013) was a british politician who served as prime minister of the united kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and leader of the conservative party from 1975 to 1990. she was the longest-serving british prime minister of the 20th century and the first woman to hold that office.
amlie-julie candeille (night of july 31, 1767, parish of saint-sulpice, paris february 4, 1834, paris) was a french composer, librettist, writer, singer, actress, comedienne , and instrumentalist.	amlie-julie candeille (night of july 31, 1767, parish of saint-sulpice, paris february 4, 1834, paris) was a french composer, librettist, writer, singer, actress, comedian , and instrumentalist.
it was with participation with a former sr, alexander antonov, and therefore in soviet history it was wrongly named the antonovschina by vladimir lenin.	it was with participation with a former sr, alexander antonov, and therefore in soviet history it was named the antonovschina by vladimir lenin.
despite his highly-publicized madness and reclusiveness, hughes is believed by many to be one of the most brilliant minds that america has produced.	despite his highly-publicized bouts with mental illness and reclusiveness, hughes is believed by many to be one of the most brilliant minds that america has produced.
catherine anne o'hara (born march 4, 1954) is a canadian-american actress, writer and comedienne .	catherine anne o'hara (born march 4, 1954) is a canadian-american actress, writer and comedian .
"the book has been heavily disputed by critics, like the self identified anarchist noam chomsky who called the book ""a hoax"" , while supported by proponents like the right-wing law professor alan dershowitz in his book the case for israel."	"the book has been heavily disputed by critics, like the self identified anarchist noam chomsky who called the book ""a hoax"" , while supported by proponents as the right-wing law professor alan dershowitz in his book the case for israel."
"the faculties of arts (which is merging with the atkinson faculty of liberal & professional studies to form the faculty of liberal arts and professional studies in july 2009), science & engineering, liberal & professional studies (atkinson), and glendon college, for instance, each house separate mathematics departments, although some of these are being merged; the schulich school of business offers elite undergraduate and graduate international business administration programmes, but the atkinson faculty of liberal and professional studies' school of administrative studies acts as a completely separate business school, nevertheless both atkinson and schulich share many full time professors any many of atkinson accounting courses ""shadow"" those of their schulich counterpart."	"the faculties of arts (which is merging with the atkinson faculty of liberal & professional studies to form the faculty of liberal arts and professional studies in july 2009), science & engineering, liberal & professional studies (atkinson), and glendon college, for instance, each house separate mathematics departments, although some of these are being merged; the schulich school of business offers undergraduate and graduate international business administration programmes, but the atkinson faculty of liberal and professional studies' school of administrative studies acts as a completely separate business school, nevertheless both atkinson and schulich share many full time professors any many of atkinson accounting courses ""shadow"" those of their schulich counterpart."
"larry sanger criticised wikipedia just two weeks after his direct rival to wikipedia was launched, stating that wikipedia was ""broken beyond repair"", as well as having serious management problems, an often dysfunctional community, frequently unreliable content, and a whole series of scandals."	"larry sanger criticised wikipedia two weeks after his direct rival to wikipedia was launched, stating that wikipedia was ""broken beyond repair"", as well as having serious management problems, an often dysfunctional community, frequently unreliable content, and a whole series of scandals."
gore refused to do, saying he already pays extra for energy sources that emit no greenhouse gases.	gore declined to do, saying he already pays extra for energy sources that emit no greenhouse gases.
"it consists of a dazzling display of over 100 large vehicles (""carnival floats"") up to long, festooned with dancers (or team member in tableaux) and up to 22,000 lightbulbs, that follows a route over 2 to 3 hours."	"it consists of a display of over 100 large vehicles (""carnival floats"") up to long, festooned with dancers (or team member in tableaux) and up to 22,000 lightbulbs, that follows a route over 2 to 3 hours."
seeing that caesar's clemency had resulted in his murder, the second triumvirate brought back the horror of proscription, abandoned since sulla.	seeing that caesar's clemency had resulted in his murder, the second triumvirate brought back the practice of proscription, abandoned since sulla.
charlotte maria church (born february 21, 1986) is a gorgeous welsh singer and television presenter.	charlotte maria church (born february 21, 1986) is a welsh singer and television presenter.
young and inexperienced persons who are excited by rand's fiction, in their enthusiasm conjoined with ignorance , often behave this way.	young and inexperienced persons who are excited by rand's fiction, in their enthusiasm conjoined with immaturity , often behave this way.
despite a promising second place finish in 198788, the following season the club could only manage 11th place again.	despite a second place finish in 198788, the following season the club could only manage 11th place again.
he is the emmy-nominated executive producer of the disney channel's the suite life on deck and the original the suite life of zack and cody.	he is the executive producer of the disney channel's the suite life on deck and the original the suite life of zack and cody.
olga kosakiewicz was a student of simone de beauvoir who joined the circle of de beauvoir and jean-paul sartre in the autumn of 1935 when she was only 18. she and her sister, wanda kosakiewicz, are fused together to make one central character in de beauvoir's first novel l'invite (she came to stay, 1943, gallimard), which was dedicated to olga (where her name appears as kosakievicz in the norton translation).	olga kosakiewicz was a student of simone de beauvoir who joined the circle of de beauvoir and jean-paul sartre in the autumn of 1935 when she was 18. she and her sister, wanda kosakiewicz, are fused together to make one central character in de beauvoir's first novel l'invite (she came to stay, 1943, gallimard), which was dedicated to olga (where her name appears as kosakievicz in the norton translation).
this is misinterpreted by opponents of christian science as mary baker eddy downgrading the importance of jesus, rather than making a basic metaphysical point.	this is interpreted by opponents of christian science as mary baker eddy downgrading the importance of jesus, rather than making a basic metaphysical point.
in the late summer of 1892 mantell opened at new yorks proctors theatre in charles osbornes the face in the moonlight with caroline miskel-hoyt, a young actress who was just at the beginning of her tragically brief career on broadway.	in the late summer of 1892 mantell opened at new yorks proctors theatre in charles osbornes the face in the moonlight with caroline miskel-hoyt, a young actress who was just at the beginning of her brief career on broadway.
"the venus project is a communist project started by jacque fresco with the aim of improving society with a design that it calls a ""resource-based economy""."	"the venus project is a project started by jacque fresco with the aim of improving society with a design that it calls a ""resource-based economy""."
he started his medical studies from stanley medical college, chennai and did his post graduation at the prestigious institute of obstetrics and gynecology at chennai.	he started his medical studies from stanley medical college, chennai and did his post graduation at the institute of obstetrics and gynecology at chennai.
"response from us officials has been similarly varied; director of national intelligence james clapper condemned snowden's actions as having done ""huge, grave damage"" to us intelligence capabilities, while united states secretary of state john kerry admitted that the nsa had gone ""too far"" in some of its surveillance activities and promised that it would be stopped."	"response from us officials has been similarly varied; director of national intelligence james clapper condemned snowden's actions as having done ""huge, grave damage"" to us intelligence capabilities, while united states secretary of state john kerry stated that the nsa had gone ""too far"" in some of its surveillance activities and promised that it would be stopped."
lydia white is a leading figure in the area of second language acquisition.	lydia white is a figure in the area of second language acquisition.
unfortunately , in summer eights, the men's 1st viii were awarded spoons after being bumped every day.	however , in summer eights, the men's 1st viii were awarded spoons after being bumped every day.
in an attempt to counter this negative stereotype, some skinheads formed anti-racist organizations.	in an attempt to counter this stereotype, some skinheads formed anti-racist organizations.
sawing a woman in half is a generic name for a number of stage magic tricks in which a person (traditionally a female assistant) is apparently sawn or divided into two or more pieces.	sawing a person in half is a generic name for a number of stage magic tricks in which a person (traditionally a female assistant) is apparently sawn or divided into two or more pieces.
monty python's life of brian presents a jesus christ -era stoning in a humorous context, ending with a massive boulder being dropped on the jewish official, not the victim.	monty python's life of brian presents a jesus of nazareth -era stoning in a humorous context, ending with a massive boulder being dropped on the jewish official, not the victim.
on the one hand, you'll find museums, art galleries, restaurants, hotels, and the cultural center, where you can enjoy both permanent and temporary art exhibits and other expositions, along with theatrical productions, and the fascinating films presented by the omnimax planetarium.	on the one hand, you'll find museums, art galleries, restaurants, hotels, and the cultural center, where you can enjoy both permanent and temporary art exhibits and other expositions, along with theatrical productions, and the films presented by the omnimax planetarium.
she has also advocated electing female candidates, and training people to defend clinics from disruptive pro-life protesters around the united states.	she has also advocated electing female candidates, and training people to defend clinics from pro-life protesters around the united states.
suicide, attempts and ideation, are unfortunately usually consequences of this disorder.	suicide, attempts and ideation, are usually consequences of this disorder.
new footage suggests that the gorilla was protecting the child, with dr. emily bethnell, a senior lecturer of primate behaviour at liverpool's john moore university, stating the body language of harambe indicated he was not causing any harm to the boy.	some have claimed that video footage suggests that the gorilla was protecting the child, with dr. emily bethnell , a senior lecturer of primate behaviour at liverpool's john moore university, stating the body language of harambe indicated he was not causing any harm to the boy.
for a good list of our common ancestors with other living species, see the ancestor's tale.	for a list of our common ancestors with other living species, see the ancestor's tale.
kerensky was expected to deliver on his promises of jobs, land, and food almost instanteously, and he had naturally failed to do so.	kerensky was expected to deliver on his promises of jobs, land, and food almost instanteously, and he had failed to do so.
the plan was to have swift boats aggressively patrol the narrow waterways — inlets, canals, and coves — of the mekong river delta, to invite attack and draw out hostile forces.	the plan was to have swift boats patrol the narrow waterways — inlets, canals, and coves — of the mekong river delta, to invite attack and draw out hostile forces.
since russia annexed crimea in 2014, fewer trains have served the simferopol station.	since russia overtook crimea in 2014, fewer trains have served the simferopol station.
anti-zionist propaganda in the middle east frequently adopts the terminology and symbols of the holocaust to demonize israel and its leaders.	anti-zionist propaganda in the middle east frequently adopts the terminology and symbols of the holocaust to attack israel and its leaders.
fleihan was a devout protestant and a member of the national evangelical church of beirut.	fleihan was a protestant and a member of the national evangelical church of beirut.
there is, however, a growing collection of activists and attorneys now involved in preserving many of baja's desert habitats, marine mammals, and pristine stretches of coastline.	there is, however, a growing collection of activists and attorneys now involved in preserving many of baja's desert habitats, marine mammals, and stretches of coastline.
he has finished in the money in several events and has been tutored by poker legend daniel negreanu.	he has finished in the money in several events and has been tutored by poker professional daniel negreanu.
"wfmu's programming ranges from flat-out uncategorizable strangeness to rock and roll, lots of ""alternative"", psychedelia, experimental, obscure 50s-60s blues, unpopular jazz, r&b, soul, reggae, garage rock, hot-rod music, 78's, 8-tracks, twee, indie pop, schlock-a-billy, hip-hop, electronica, hand-cranked wax cylinders, punk rock, exotica, downtown art music, radio improvisation, cooking instructions, old noise, classic radio airchecks, found sound, comedy, call-in shows, anti-fascist lectures, off-kilter kids' music, interviews with obscure radio personalities, interviews with notable science-world luminaries, spoken word mish-mashes, andrew lloyd webber soundtracks in languages other than english, gospel and country and western music."	"wfmu's programming ranges from flat-out uncategorizable strangeness to rock and roll, lots of ""alternative"", psychedelia, experimental, obscure 50s-60s blues, non-popular jazz, r&b, soul, reggae, garage rock, hot-rod music, 78's, 8-tracks, twee, indie pop, schlock-a-billy, hip-hop, electronica, hand-cranked wax cylinders, punk rock, exotica, downtown art music, radio improvisation, cooking instructions, old noise, classic radio airchecks, found sound, comedy, call-in shows, anti-fascist lectures, off-kilter kids' music, interviews with obscure radio personalities, interviews with notable science-world luminaries, spoken word mish-mashes, andrew lloyd webber soundtracks in languages other than english, gospel and country and western music."
note: there is an episode of sponge bob squarepants named opposite day, and features this same stupid festivity.	note: there is an episode of sponge bob squarepants named opposite day, and features this same festivity.
lindsay sloane (born august 8, 1977) is an american actress who is best known for playing valerie birkhead on sabrina, the teenage witch.	lindsay sloane (born august 8, 1977) is an american actress who is known for playing valerie birkhead on sabrina, the teenage witch.
the main campus includes of peaceful wooded grounds, featuring five lakes and a park-like atmosphere.	the main campus includes of wooded grounds, featuring five lakes and a park-like atmosphere.
varnish is a modern open source reverse proxy.	varnish is a open source reverse proxy.
emperor is a seminal and infamous band which started out as a norwegian black metal band in 1991, and went forward to a more progressive sound, evolving to an extreme symphonic metal in their later days.	emperor is a seminal and infamous band which started out as a norwegian black metal band in 1991, and went forward to a more progressive sound, changing to an extreme symphonic metal in their later days.
with a beautiful river waterfront, troy is located at the head of the navigation on the hudson river and is the terminus of the new york barge canal.	with a picturesque river waterfront, troy is located at the head of the navigation on the hudson river and is the terminus of the new york barge canal.
everyone is shocked, but no one can convince her to give up her ill-judged whim.	everyone is shocked, but no one can convince her to give up her whim.
the quest took place within the environs of the infamous super-dungeon of the forgotten realms, undermountain.	the quest took place within the environs of the super-dungeon of the forgotten realms, undermountain.
countercult ministries concern themselves mainly with religious groups that regard themselves as christian, but hold beliefs which contradict the bible, including the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, the unification church, christian science, and jehovah's witnesses, although some also target non-christian groups, such as islam, judaism, wicca and other neopagan groups, new age groups, buddhism, hinduism, and other eastern religions.	countercult ministries concern themselves mainly with religious groups that regard themselves as christian, but hold beliefs which are interpreted by the ministries as contradictory the bible, including the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, the unification church, christian science, and jehovah's witnesses, although some also target non-christian groups, such as islam, judaism, wicca and other neopagan groups, new age groups, buddhism, hinduism, and other eastern religions.
: at the time, iranian president mohamed khatami and supreme leader ali khamenei duplicitously condemned and denounced the attacks and the terrorists who carried them out.	: at the time, iranian president mohamed khatami and supreme leader ali khamenei condemned and denounced the attacks and the terrorists who carried them out.
their first album, self-titled, drew from these experiences and unfortunately received little recognition or sales.	their first album, self-titled, drew from these experiences and received little recognition or sales.
arm provides a nice summary of the numerous vendors who implement arm cores in their design (see the 2003 line card).	arm provides a summary of the numerous vendors who implement arm cores in their design (see the 2003 line card).
the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was a conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president of the united states franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.	the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was an alleged conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president of the united states franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.
in iran, though it is used in the local media and newspapers, there are severe restrictions on its use in education.	in iran, though it is used in the local media and newspapers, there are some restrictions on its use in education.
in november 2009, after 6 strong years together, the flairz decided it was time to call it a day and move forth their separate ways.	in november 2009, after 6 years together, the flairz decided it was time to call it a day and move forth their separate ways.
although molotov and stalin signed a public decree in 1938 which disassociated them from the then ongoing great purge., in private, and even after stalin's death, molotov supported the great purge and the murders committed by his government.	although molotov and stalin signed a public decree in 1938 which disassociated them from the then ongoing great purge., in private, and even after stalin's death, molotov supported the great purge and the executions committed by his government.
additionally, papp has received two foreign decorations as of august 1, 2013. also, admiral papp was presented with the coveted dwight d. eisenhower award in 2013.	additionally, papp has received two foreign decorations as of august 1, 2013. also, admiral papp was presented with the dwight d. eisenhower award in 2013.
a foul was called against barncastle, while griner was only suspended for a total of two games (lady bears coach kim mulkey imposed a one-game suspension in addition to the one-game suspension mandated by ncaa rules).	a foul was called against barncastle, while griner was suspended for a total of two games (lady bears coach kim mulkey imposed a one-game suspension in addition to the one-game suspension mandated by ncaa rules).
the daily mail is a british newspaper, a tabloid, first published in 1896. it is britain's second most popular daily paper after the sun and arguably the most right-wing .	the daily mail is a british newspaper, a tabloid, first published in 1896. it is britain's second most popular daily paper after the sun and arguably the most conservative in viewpoint .
think of what it was they were applauding, he said .	think of what it was they were applauding, he told tumulty .
she is best known for her roles in films such as mean girls (2004), cloverfield (2008), hot tub time machine (2010), and bachelorette (2012).	she is known for her roles in films such as mean girls (2004), cloverfield (2008), hot tub time machine (2010), and bachelorette (2012).
they had two daughters, shirley and irene, the former now dame shirley porter, notorious former leader of westminster council, and an israeli resident.	they had two daughters, shirley and irene, the former now dame shirley porter, former leader of westminster council, and an israeli resident.
"the preamble of the gaa official guide also contains the political statement, namely ""since she has no control over all the national territory, irelands claim to nationhood is impaired"""	"the preamble of the gaa official guide also contains the statement, namely ""since she has no control over all the national territory, irelands claim to nationhood is impaired"""
he was a great teacher of undergraduate and particularly graduate students, serving as a mentor to many students who themselves became prominent scholars and teachers of political theory.	he was a notable teacher of undergraduate and particularly graduate students, serving as a mentor to many students who themselves became prominent scholars and teachers of political theory.
sue white (michelle gomez) - the loopy scottish staff liaison officer.	sue white (michelle gomez) - the mentally-disturbed scottish staff liaison officer.
"bart took these insults in stride though, and, after robin claimed that he will always live in the flash's shadow, bart even says that ""the flash will be in mine."""	"bart took these acts in stride though, and, after robin claimed that he will always live in the flash's shadow, bart even says that ""the flash will be in mine."""
according to hans jonas, her only german-jewish classmate, arendt embarked on a long and stormy romantic relationship with heidegger, for which she later was criticized because of heidegger's support for the nazi party when he was rector at the university of freiburg.	according to hans jonas, her only german-jewish classmate, arendt embarked on a long and highly problematic romantic relationship with heidegger, for which she later was criticized because of heidegger's support for the nazi party when he was rector at the university of freiburg.
"the late 2nd-century writer tertullian alleged that marcion, ""expunged from the gospel of luke all the things that oppose his view... but retained those things that accord with his opinion""."	"the late 2nd-century writer tertullian stated that marcion, ""expunged from the gospel of luke all the things that oppose his view... but retained those things that accord with his opinion""."
currently (as of 2010), as estimated by the christian missionary organisation open doors uk, an estimated 1 million christians face persecution, particularly in muslim dominated countries like, iran and saudi arabia.they also face severe persecution in atheistic states like north korea in which there is no religious freedom towards any religion.	currently (as of 2010), as estimated by the christian missionary organisation open doors uk, an estimated 1 million christians face persecution, particularly in muslim dominated countries like, iran and saudi arabia.they also face persecution in atheistic states like north korea in which there is no religious freedom towards any religion.
the dpp gained executive control of 7 municipalities and counties from the kmt, while dpp-supported ko wen-je won the taipei mayoral election.	the dpp gained executive control of 7 municipalities and counties from the kmt, while independent ko wen-je won the taipei mayoral election.
the al qa'qaa high explosives controversy surrounds the loss of the high explosives hmx and rdx around the 2003 invasion of iraq.	the al qa'qaa high explosives controversy surrounds the removal of the high explosives hmx and rdx around the 2003 invasion of iraq.
it has been reported that, should funding prove sufficiently difficult to acquire, there is a possibility that the stadium will be co-financed by everton fc, who are also looking into the possibility of a controversial new stadium in kirkby, although this has been strenuously denied by liverpool's former co-owner tom hicks.	it has been reported that, should funding prove sufficiently difficult to acquire, there is a possibility that the stadium will be co-financed by everton fc, who are also looking into the possibility of a new stadium in kirkby, although this has been strenuously denied by liverpool's former co-owner tom hicks.
wikipedia, for example, is a complex application built using this page-by-page approach.	wikipedia, for example, is a web application built using this page-by-page approach.
possessing a fine baritone voice, slattery has appeared on london's west end stages in the musicals me and my girl and radio times, as well as in the play neville's island.	possessing a baritone voice, slattery has appeared on london's west end stages in the musicals me and my girl and radio times, as well as in the play neville's island.
examples of conservative bias include:	possible causes of conservative bias include:
london fire brigade later denied giving approval for the work, saying its legal powers are limited.	london fire brigade denied giving approval for the work, saying its legal powers are limited.
she adopted her stage name from the name of an accordion manufacturer, another instrument she played with great proficiency.	she adopted her stage name from the name of an accordion manufacturer, another instrument she played with proficiency.
thousands of them were then murdered , and most were subjected to abuse and long marches to forced labor camps.	thousands of them were then killed , and most were subjected to abuse and long marches to forced labor camps.
he founded the ahmadiyya community within islam in 1889 envisioning it be be the revival of islam.	he founded the ahmadiyya movement within islam in 1889 envisioning it be be the revival of islam.
in linear algebra and related areas of mathematics, the null vector or zero vector in a vector space is the uniquely-determined vector, usually written 0, that is the neutral element for vector addition.	in linear algebra and related areas of mathematics, the null vector or zero vector in a vector space is the uniquely-determined vector, usually written 0, that is the identity element for vector addition.
given the crushing victory by the patriots, there is a consensus that the colts would still have massively lost even if the footballs were properly inflated.	given the crushing victory by the patriots, there is a consensus that the colts would still have lost even if the footballs were properly inflated.
catch and kill is a technique employed by some unscrupulous newspaper editors in order to prevent information damaging to someone else from becoming public, presumably to protect allies of the editor.	catch and kill is a technique employed by some newspaper editors in order to prevent information damaging to someone else from becoming public, presumably to protect allies of the editor.
the extant copies of this work, which all derive from christian sources, even the recently-recovered arabic version, contain two passages about jesus christ .	the extant copies of this work, which all derive from christian sources, even the recently-recovered arabic version, contain two passages about jesus.
patricia edwina victoria knatchbull, dowager lady brabourne, 2nd countess mountbatten of burma (born 14 february 1924) is a british peeress and former lady-in-waiting to her third cousin, queen elizabeth ii.	patricia edwina victoria knatchbull, dowager lady brabourne, 2nd countess mountbatten of burma (born 14 february 1924) is a british peer and former lady-in-waiting to her third cousin, queen elizabeth ii.
conservative news reports immediately aired the story, questioning whether an environmentally conscious person would rent a low gas mileage four-door lincoln, and why he would be wasting more gas by speeding.	conservative news reports immediately aired the story, questioning whether an environmentally conscious person would rent a low gas mileage four-door lincoln, and why he would be consuming more gas by speeding.
he died tragically in an automobile accident near the garden, shortly after its inauguration.	he died in an automobile accident near the garden, shortly after its inauguration.
yves klein had ugly nude women roll around in blue paint and throw themselves at canvases; victor vasarely invented op-art by designing sophisticated optical patterns; artists of the fluxus movement like ben vautier incorporated graffiti and found objects into their work; niki de saint-phalle created bloated and vibrant plastic figures; arman gathered together found objects in boxed or resin-coated assemblages and csar baldaccini produced a series of large compressed object-sculptures (similar to chamberlain's crushed automobiles).	yves klein had nude women roll around in blue paint and throw themselves at canvases; victor vasarely invented op-art by designing sophisticated optical patterns; artists of the fluxus movement like ben vautier incorporated graffiti and found objects into their work; niki de saint-phalle created bloated and vibrant plastic figures; arman gathered together found objects in boxed or resin-coated assemblages and csar baldaccini produced a series of large compressed object-sculptures (similar to chamberlain's crushed automobiles).
this is just (10a+b)(10c+d)=100ac+10(ad+bc)+bd.	this is the equivalent of (10a+b)(10c+d)=100ac+10(ad+bc)+bd.
the census estimate makes wasilla the fourth largest city in alaska, after anchorage, fairbanks, and juneau, but the city's own figure would put it sixth, after the these three and sitka and ketchikan .	the census estimate makes wasilla the fourth largest population center in alaska, after anchorage, fairbanks, and juneau, but the city's own figure would put it sixth, after the these three and sitka and ketchikan .
in july 2007, steps were taken to eradicate these problems.	in july 2007, steps were taken to address these problems.
the station's successive owners, british rail, railtrack and its current owner network rail have been unfairly criticised for underusing the valuable city-centre spaces available within, there being a legal covenant preventing any upwards extension, which would obstruct the view of arthur's seat from princes street.	the station's successive owners, british rail, railtrack and its current owner network rail have been criticised for underusing the valuable city-centre spaces available within, there being a legal covenant preventing any upwards extension, which would obstruct the view of arthur's seat from princes street.
nevertheless, unlike the denunciations of stalin and 'stalanism' by kruschev during the soviet era in russia, the chinese government has never officially repudiated the deadly tactics of mao.	nevertheless, unlike the denunciations of stalin and 'stalanism' by kruschev during the soviet era in russia, the chinese government has never officially repudiated the tactics of mao.
photius, the patriarch of constantinople, shortly after the council in which he had vainly pronounced sentence of deposition against pope nicholas i, was driven from the patriarchate by a new emperor, basil the macedonian, who favoured his rival ignatius.	photius, the patriarch of constantinople, shortly after the council in which he had pronounced sentence of deposition against pope nicholas i, was driven from the patriarchate by a new emperor, basil the macedonian, who favoured his rival ignatius.
an american character actor, was best known for his role as kwai chang caine in the 1970s television series, kung fu and its 1990s sequel series, kung fu: the legend continues.	an american character actor, was known for his role as kwai chang caine in the 1970s television series, kung fu and its 1990s sequel series, kung fu: the legend continues.
little cowpoke is the amazing first album by the grammy winning group nickel creek.	little cowpoke is the first album by the grammy winning group nickel creek.
after the louisiana purchase by the united states in 1805, indefinite nature of the boundary between the u.s. and spain led to an agreement on november 6, 1806, negotiated by gen. james wilkinson and lt. col. simn de herrera, to establish a neutral ground on both sides of the river.	after the louisiana purchase by the united states in 1805, indefinite nature of the boundary between the u.s. and spain led to an agreement on november 6, 1806, negotiated by gen. james wilkinson and lt. col. simn de herrera, to establish a neutral territory on both sides of the river.
proponents of gun control generally argue the perceived dangers of widespread gun ownership, especially in domestic violence and the effectiveness of suicide.	proponents of gun control generally argue the dangers of widespread gun ownership, especially in domestic violence and the effectiveness of suicide.
"in many newspapers this new post is inaccurately being called ""president of europe""."	"in many newspapers this new post is being called ""president of europe""."
marv was the brother of fellow major leaguer faye throneberry, and the grandfather of acclaimed filmmaker craig brewer (black snake moan).	marv was the brother of fellow major leaguer faye throneberry, and the grandfather of filmmaker craig brewer (black snake moan).
unfortunately the dramatic exteriors have not been matched with technically superior interiors, and the opera house's reputation as a music venue has suffered as a result.	the dramatic exteriors have not been matched with technically superior interiors, and the opera house's reputation as a music venue has suffered as a result.
they look to repeat such success in the 2006 season, but with key senior losses of all-state 2nd team and british super-star jon pike, all-state honorable mention alex brand, and the underrated talent of goalkeeper justin postal, forward michael hoy, and midfield stud-muffin jordan savitz, it will be very difficult.	they look to repeat such success in the 2006 season, but with key senior losses of all-state 2nd team and british super-star jon pike, all-state honorable mention alex brand, and the underrated talent of goalkeeper justin postal, forward michael hoy, and midfield jordan savitz, it will be very difficult.
rogatica ( serbian cyrillic: ) is a municipality and town in eastern bosnia and herzegovina located 60 kilometres northeast of sarajevo; midway on the road from gorade towards sokolac.	rogatica (cyrillic: ) is a municipality and town in eastern bosnia and herzegovina located 60 kilometres northeast of sarajevo; midway on the road from gorade towards sokolac.
forbes ranked sam walton as the richest man in the united states from 1982 to 1988, ceding the top spot to john kluge in 1989 when the editors began to credit walton's fortune jointly to him and his four children.	forbes ranked sam walton as the richest person in the united states from 1982 to 1988, ceding the top spot to john kluge in 1989 when the editors began to credit walton's fortune jointly to him and his four children.
jaco has been cited as an influence by such great bass players of both jazz and rock as:	jaco has been cited as an influence by such bass players of both jazz and rock as:
the enquiry is held by magistrate john woodcock, a british expatriate famous for other vips arrests .	the enquiry is held by magistrate john woodcock, a british famous for other vips arrests .
he continued to manage his business interests in regina until his passing in 1960.	he continued to manage his business interests in regina until his death in 1960.
the life of the great pilot, the competent expert and the benevolent person, was tragically broken in 1968 in an air crash on a mig-15 together with the first-ever cosmonaut, his close friend and colleague, yuri gagarin.	the life of the great pilot, the competent expert and the benevolent person, was broken in 1968 in an air crash on a mig-15 together with the first-ever cosmonaut, his close friend and colleague, yuri gagarin.
vic wertz's dramatic two-out home run in the ninth inning off bob porterfield wins the game at briggs stadium.	vic wertz's two-out home run in the ninth inning off bob porterfield wins the game at briggs stadium.
this polypeptide hormone gets activated and secreted from so-called s cells in the mucosa of the duodenum and jejunum when the ph in the duodenum falls below 4.5 to 5.0. the neutralization is described by the equation:	this polypeptide hormone gets activated and secreted from so-called s cells in the ucosa of the duodenum and jejunum when the ph in the duodenum falls below 4.5 to 5.0. the neutralization is described by the equation:
the constitutional militia movement has drawn professional critics.	the constitutional militia movement has drawn critics.
finally, the doctors reiss and stbel remark, in their magnificent work upon the peruvian antiquities obtained at ancon,	finally, the doctors reiss and stbel remark, in their work upon the peruvian antiquities obtained at ancon,
operated by outsourced airlines under the american connection brand	operated by airlines under the american connection brand
the australian ugliness, seminal 1960 book by architect robin boyd criticising the built australian city and suburban landscape	the australian ugliness, 1960 book by architect robin boyd criticising the built australian city and suburban landscape
often considered the best player in the world and regarded by some as the greatest of all time,{{refn|group=note|	often considered the best player in the world and regarded by many as the greatest of all time,{{refn|group=note|
the film track of the 2005 movie free zone includes a controversial parody of chad gadya composed by israeli singer chava alberstein .	the film track of the 2005 movie free zone includes a controversial interpretation of chad gadya composed by israeli singer chava alberstein .
"the 2005 countdown included the longest song yet to grace the hottest 100, green day's ""jesus of suburbia"" (#61), at over 9 minutes long."	"the 2005 countdown included the longest song yet to feature in the hottest 100, green day's ""jesus of suburbia"" (#61), at over 9 minutes long."
juan carlos quintero herencia, born in santurce, puerto rico in 1963, is a promising literary voice from the puerto rican literary scene.	juan carlos quintero herencia, born in santurce, puerto rico in 1963, is a literary voice from the puerto rican literary scene.
david milhous is a film and emmy-winning television editor.	david milhous is a film and television editor.
other obvious issues include running windows time service (usually as an active directory domain controller), kerberos and other services and daemons relying on accurate local time.	other issues include running windows time service (usually as an active directory domain controller), kerberos and other services and daemons relying on accurate local time.
"canter and siegel were not, in fact, the first usenet spammers - that distinction belongs to an andrews university sysadmin called clarence l. thomas iv (no relation to the united states supreme court justice) who sent out a message headed ""global alert for all: jesus is coming soon"" on january 17, 1994. the ""green card"" spam was, however, the first commercial usenet spam, and its unrepentent authors are seen as having fired the starting gun for the legions of spammers that now infest the internet."	"canter and siegel were not, in fact, the first usenet spammers - that distinction belongs to an andrews university sysadmin called clarence l. thomas iv (no relation to the united states supreme court justice) who sent out a message headed ""global alert for all: jesus is coming soon"" on january 17, 1994. the ""green card"" spam was, however, the first commercial usenet spam, and its unrepentent authors are seen as having fired the starting gun for the legions of spammers that now occupy the internet."
felix moncla, u.s. air force pilot who mysteriously disappeared in 1953.	felix moncla, u.s. air force pilot who disappeared in 1953.
he is the author of the 2010 new york times bestselling book, courting disaster and has been a strong advocate for the use of torture by the us government.	he is the author of the 2010 new york times bestselling book, courting disaster and has been a strong advocate for the use of enhanced interrogation techniques by the us government.
chelan portrayed hilary on the abc family hit show, kyle xy for 25 episodes.	chelan portrayed hilary on the abc family show, kyle xy for 25 episodes.
through this process of restraint and confrontation, they seek to produce in the child a range of responses such as rage and despair for the supposed purpose of catharsis.	through this process of restraint and confrontation, they seek to produce in the child a range of responses such as rage and despair for the purpose of catharsis.
initially, those who declared they were 'unsure' whether or not humans had evolved were given one year to change their mind before facing dismissal; this was later relaxed and scientists were allowed to stay on as long as they did not endorse human evolution.	initially, those who declared they were 'unsure' whether or not humans had evolved were given one year to change their mind before facing dismissal; this was later relaxed and advocates of evolution were allowed to stay on as long as they did not endorse human evolution.
thin lizzy are a pioneering hard rock band who formed in dublin, ireland in 1969. the band was originally led by bassist, songwriter and singer phil lynott.	thin lizzy are a hard rock band who formed in dublin, ireland in 1969. the band was originally led by bassist, songwriter and singer phil lynott.
in addition to published campaign settings available for purchase, many dungeon master s create their own.	in addition to published campaign settings available for purchase, many game master s create their own.
cho seung-hui (january 18, 1984 – april 16, 2007) was the disturbed perpetrator of the virginia tech massacre of april 16, 2007, in blacksburg, virginia, united states, according to police reports.	cho seung-hui (january 18, 1984 – april 16, 2007) was the perpetrator of the virginia tech massacre of april 16, 2007, in blacksburg, virginia, united states, according to police reports.
"addressing the problem of theodicy the vindication of the justice of god in the light of man 's suffering, or more simply, ""why do the righteous suffer?"""	"addressing the problem of theodicy the vindication of the justice of god in the light of humanity 's suffering, or more simply, ""why do the righteous suffer?"""
his maternal grandfather was former cuban dictator fulgencio batista.	his maternal grandfather was former cuban president fulgencio batista.
cluedo (clue in north america) is a magnificent crime fiction board game originally published by waddingtons at their peak in the united kingdom in 1948. it was devised by anthony e. pratt, a solicitor's clerk and part time clown from birmingham, england.	cluedo (clue in north america) is a crime fiction board game originally published by waddingtons at their peak in the united kingdom in 1948. it was devised by anthony e. pratt, a solicitor's clerk and part time clown from birmingham, england.
that became the peak period of palermos atrocious building boom and of warfare among the capitals cosche making money in the real estate business.	that became the peak period of palermos controversial building boom and of warfare among the capitals cosche making money in the real estate business.
the rosie o'donnell show is an american daytime television talk show hosted and produced by actress and comedienne rosie o'donnell.	the rosie o'donnell show is an american daytime television talk show hosted and produced by actress and comedian rosie o'donnell.
"in may 2016, he spoke at a meeting organised by an orthodox jewish youth movement to mark the establishment of israel in 1948. he celebrated the fact that israel is a country in the middle east where christians are not persecuted and said of his visit to israel in 2007: ""as a christian, i have always felt a very close affinity with the holy land."	"in may 2016, he spoke at a meeting organised by an orthodox jewish youth movement to mark the establishment of israel in 1948. he celebrated the claim that israel is a country in the middle east where christians are not persecuted and said of his visit to israel in 2007: ""as a christian, i have always felt a very close affinity with the holy land."
liberal democrat carol shea-porter squeaked into congress with 51% of the vote to 49% for incumbent republican jeb bradley, who may run again, in one of the greatest upsets of the 2006 election cycle.	democrat carol shea-porter squeaked into congress with 51% of the vote to 49% for incumbent republican jeb bradley, who may run again, in one of the greatest upsets of the 2006 election cycle.
total silence in the 1960s	order of silence in the 1960s
he appeared on horace silver's 1965 blue note classic song for my father.	he appeared on horace silver's 1965 blue note album song for my father .
22 february 2011 - 31 muslims were convicted for godhra roasting of karsewaks which was the starting point of riots	22 february 2011 - 31 muslims were convicted for godhra train burning of karsewaks which was the starting point of riots
the tour cleverly deconstructed the traditional rock concert experience into its often clichd parts and was chronicled in a 2004 dvd release.	the tour deconstructed the traditional rock concert experience into its often clichd parts and was chronicled in a 2004 dvd release.
his partner at lock was the late great gordon brown of scotland.	his partner at lock was the late gordon brown of scotland.
disparaging comments about u.s. district judge gonzalo p. curiel, who is presiding over the two class action lawsuits, have received particular attention and have been widely condemned by the media and by members of both the democratic and republican parties.	trump's comments about u.s. district judge gonzalo p. curiel, who is presiding over the two class action lawsuits, have received particular attention and have been widely condemned by the media and by members of both the democratic and republican parties.
"according to one poll, the ""satisfaction of the mayoral/magistral administration,"" and the ""satisfaction of development improvement"" of kaohsiung city are ranked bottom out of all the counties and cities in taiwan."	"according to one poll, the ""satisfaction of the mayoral/magistral administration,"" and the ""satisfaction of development improvement"" of kaohsiung city are ranked first out of all the counties and cities in taiwan."
mikhail vladimirovich yuzefovich (18021889) deputy commissioner of the kiev school district, chairman of the kiev archaeological commission and the instigator of the ems ukaz that severely restricted the use of ukrainian language.	mikhail vladimirovich yuzefovich (18021889) deputy commissioner of the kiev school district, chairman of the kiev archaeological commission and the instigator of the ems ukaz that partly restricted the use of ukrainian language.
"pro-choice activists frequently oppose legislative measures such as ""informed consent"" or ""right to know"" laws, which impede a woman's choice."	"pro-choice activists frequently oppose legislative measures such as ""informed consent"" or ""right to know"" laws, because they argue that these laws impede a woman's choice."
the trophy itself is a magnificent work of art.	the trophy itself is a work of art.
"the film earned a 75% positive rating at the rotten tomatoes movie-review compilation website (though the so-called ""cream of the crop"" critics' reactions were more mixed, giving the film a 68% rating overall)."	"the film earned a 75% positive rating at the rotten tomatoes movie-review compilation website (though the ""cream of the crop"" critics' reactions were more mixed, giving the film a 68% rating overall)."
"england originally used day, month, year, then for a short while used month, day, year, and finally reverted to the original logical form (day, month, year) which was revived around 1900; the usa chose to stick with month, day, year, but did originally use day, month, year as the english did as can be noted from ""the 4th of july"" independence day."	"england originally used day, month, year, then for a short while used month, day, year, and finally reverted to the original form (day, month, year) which was revived around 1900; the usa chose to stick with month, day, year, but did originally use day, month, year as the english did as can be noted from ""the 4th of july"" independence day."
italy was officially a member of the triple alliance with germany and austria-hungary.	hi donald was officially a member of the triple alliance with germany and austria-hungary.
however, some abandoned their mission when they realized they might be in harm's way.	however, they abandoned their mission when they realized they might be in harm's way.
it is a proud member of the mid state 2a conference.	it is a member of the mid state 2a conference.
of the launch complexes built since 1950, only three remain active with two planned for future use.	of the launch complexes built since 1950, three remain active with two planned for future use.
together with a superior network of independent industrial advisors, eqt implements its investment strategy by acquiring or financing good medium-sized to large companies in northern and eastern europe, asia and the united states, supporting their development into leading companies.	together with a network of independent industrial advisors, eqt implements its investment strategy by acquiring or financing good medium-sized to large companies in northern and eastern europe, asia and the united states, supporting their development into leading companies.
the subjective rankings ranged from #19 to #34.	the average rankings ranged from #19 to #34.
straight women using the space have complained that they are verbally abused and intimidated on the basis of their sexual status, with some women now calling for the abolition of this important resource.	straight women using the space have complained that they are verbally abused and intimidated on the basis of their sexual status, with some women now calling for the abolition of this resource.
a documentary concerning his life and impact called hating breitbart was released posthumously on october 19, 2012, just seven months after his death.	a documentary concerning his life and impact called hating breitbart was released posthumously on october 19, 2012, seven months after his death.
he went on to win a hard fought victory over a french frigate in 1814 and duly reaped the rewards.	he went on to win a hard fought victory over a french frigate in 1814 and reaped the rewards.
lexy hoelzel , famous pop-rock artist lived in summit, nj for several years before moving in the middle of 3rd grade.	lexy hoelzel, pop-rock artist lived in summit, nj for several years before moving in the middle of 3rd grade.
the show criticizes mother teresa's controversial relationships with charles keating and the duvalier family, as well as the poor medical care in her home for the dying.	the show criticizes mother teresa's controversial relationships with charles keating and the duvalier family, as well as the quality of medical care in her home for the dying.
his most notable compositions are grande sonate: les quatre ges (op.	his most notable compositions include grande sonate: les quatre ges (op.
at the 1995 detroit motor show, the ford gt90 concept was shown and at the 2002 detroit auto show, a new gt40 concept was unveiled by ford, similar to the original cars, but bigger, wider, and especially taller than the original 40 inches (1.02 m), so it should have been named gt43.	at the 1995 detroit motor show, the ford gt90 concept was shown and at the 2002 detroit auto show, a new gt40 concept was unveiled by ford, similar to the original cars, but bigger, wider, and especially taller than the original 40 inches (1.02 m), so it might instead have been named gt43.
for over 35 years eve cigarettes have been relentlessly aimed at the same niche market, women and young girls who wish to appear ladylike.	for over 35 years eve cigarettes have been aimed at the same niche market, women and young girls who wish to appear ladylike.
amongst the extras for the set will be an interview with anime/manga legend go nagai.	amongst the extras for the set will be an interview with anime/manga artist go nagai.
corrine grant: actress and comedienne (born in corryong hospital 12 june 1973).	corrine grant: actress and comedian (born in corryong hospital 12 june 1973).
imam muslim (821 - 875) was a famous sunni islamic scholar most known for authoring the authentic hadith collection named sahih muslim	imam muslim (821 - 875) was a famous sunni islamic scholar most known for authoring the hadith collection named sahih muslim
the biorhythm theory is often falsely presented as having scientific validity.	the biorhythm theory is often presented as having scientific validity.
amateur radio operators enjoy personal wireless communications with friends, family members, and even complete strangers.	amateur radio operators have personal wireless communications with friends, family members, and even complete strangers.
"after a strong reaction from evolutionists , the decision was reversed, and ms. colic resigned after the government said that she had caused ""problems that had started to reflect on the work of the entire government""."	"after a strong reaction from the scientific community , the decision was reversed, and ms. colic resigned after the government said that she had caused ""problems that had started to reflect on the work of the entire government""."
hindustan, the third major name in use from mughal times onwards also has it roots from sindhu/indus, however its appropriateness as a national signifier is debated by some for various reasons.	hindustan, the third major name in use from mughal times onwards also has it roots from sindhu/indus, however its appropriateness as a national signifier is debated by some for sundry reasons.
"many business people like to say, ""the worst day on the golf course is better than the best day at work."""	"some business people like to say, ""the worst day on the golf course is better than the best day at work."""
papon oversaw the repression during the paris massacre of 1961: on 17 october 1961, a large march organized by the terrorist algerian national liberation front, ostensibly peaceful, broke a curfew imposed by papon, due to concerns about the group's sponsoring of a series of bombings throughout france.	papon oversaw the repression during the paris massacre of 1961: on 17 october 1961, a large march organized by the algerian national liberation front, ostensibly peaceful, broke a curfew imposed by papon, due to concerns about the group's sponsoring of a series of bombings throughout france.
in 1945, rabbi jacob j. hecht was appointed director, and continued in this position until his passing in 1990. rabbi schneersohn, and his son in-law and successor rabbi menachem mendel schneerson, were constantly involved in the program .	in 1945, rabbi jacob j. hecht was appointed director, and continued in this position until his death in 1990. rabbi schneersohn, and his son in-law and successor rabbi menachem mendel schneerson, were constantly involved in the program .
their last public performance was an unforgettable concert on new year's eve in ban jelai square in zagreb, though they stated that more concerts may be held in future.	their last public performance was an concert on new year's eve in ban jelai square in zagreb, though they stated that more concerts may be held in future.
blessed john xxiii signed his encyclical pacem in terris.	john xxiii signed his encyclical pacem in terris.
it is named after thomas coke, later the 1st earl of leicester, who purchased it in 1717. leonardo da vinci was a magnificent artist, scientist, and more.	it is named after thomas coke, later the 1st earl of leicester, who purchased it in 1717. leonardo da vinci was a prolific artist, scientist, and more.
the sea otter (enhydra lutris) is a marine mammal native to the northeastern pacific ocean.	the sea otter (enhydra lutris) is a marine mammal native to the coasts of the northern and eastern north pacific ocean.
according to a 2005 world health organization report, an estimated 72.5% of burkina faso's girls and women have suffered female genital mutilation, administered according to traditional rituals.	according to a 2005 world health organization report, an estimated 72.5% of burkina faso's girls and women have had female genital mutilation, administered according to traditional rituals.
srinagar (dogri: ; urdu: , kashmiri: ), is the capital of the disputed state of jammu and kashmir in india.	srinagar (dogri: ; urdu: , kashmiri: ), is the capital of the disputed state of jammu and kashmir that is administered by india.
the deli ay river (english: crazy river), in southern anatolia near today's turkey—syria border, was thought during earlier modern times to be the famous pinarus river, where alexander the great defeated darius iii of persia in the first battle of issus, and the likely site of the second and third battles of the same name down into the middle ages .	the deli ay river (english: crazy river), in southern anatolia near today's turkey—syria border, was thought during earlier modern times to be the pinarus river, where alexander the great defeated darius iii of persia in the first battle of issus, and the likely site of the second and third battles of the same name down into the middle ages .
lorna watson (born 1977) is a british comedienne , actress and television presenter.	lorna watson (born 1977) is a british comedian , actress and television presenter.
a binder clip is a primitive device for holding things together.	a binder clip is a simple device for holding things together.
"he is best known for his notorious the age of arthur (1973), in which he attempted to reconstruct the history of britain and ireland during the so-called ""dark ages"" following the roman withdrawal, based on scattered archaeological and historical records."	"he is best known for his book the age of arthur (1973), in which he attempted to reconstruct the history of britain and ireland during the so-called ""dark ages"" following the roman withdrawal, based on scattered archaeological and historical records."
in order to successfully evaluate programs operated by charities, givewell staff need some background knowledge on the general efficacy of various types of program.	in order to evaluate programs operated by charities, givewell staff need some background knowledge on the general efficacy of various types of program.
his first four-year term as president began on january 20, 2001. after a fierce campaign against challenger john kerry, he closely won a second term, winning both the electoral and popular votes in the presidential election of 2004. his second term is scheduled to end january 20, 2009.	his first four-year term as president began on january 20, 2001. after a fierce campaign against challenger john kerry, he won a second term, winning both the electoral and popular votes in the presidential election of 2004. his second term is scheduled to end january 20, 2009.
the obvious problem with this argument is that it presents a false trichotomy.	the problem with this argument is that it presents a false trichotomy.
"the ""silver girl"" in the song refers to her, and gray highlights in her hair, and not to a drugged hypodermic needle, as was believed in the hippie-infested united states."	"the ""silver girl"" in the song refers to her, and gray highlights in her hair, and not to a drugged hypodermic needle, as was believed in the united states."
martha proved to be a quick study with an impressive attention to detail and she worked incredibly hard to train her body to great precision.	martha proved to be a quick study with an impressive attention to detail and she worked hard to train her body to great precision.
bolstering separatism in other soviet republics, the balts triggered multiple challenges to the soviet empire .	bolstering separatism in other soviet republics, the balts triggered multiple challenges to the soviet union .
in his 2015 book madras studios, film scholar swarnavel eswaran pillai notes that andha naal is unrelated to rashomon except for its whodunit plot, where the murder is explored using various angles.	in his 2015 book madras studios, film historian swarnavel eswaran pillai notes that andha naal is unrelated to rashomon except for its whodunit plot, where the murder is explored using various angles.
civilized people object to corporal punishment such as caning.	some people object to corporal punishment such as caning.
it is still formally part of serbia, but since the kosovo war it has been administered by the united nations.	it is formally part of serbia, but since the kosovo war it has been administered by the united nations.
babis papadimitriou is a reputable journalist - analyst - commentator who works in the greek television and radio station sky and every day presents a commentary on political happenings in the context of the evening news of sky.	babis papadimitriou is a journalist - analyst - commentator who works in the greek television and radio station sky and every day presents a commentary on political happenings in the context of the evening news of sky.
the buddhabrot is a special rendering of the mandelbrot set which, when traditionally oriented, resembles to some extent certain depictions of the buddha.	the buddhabrot is a special rendering of the mandelbrot set which, when traditionally oriented, resembles to some extent certain depictions of gautama buddha.
"after two verses and choruses, the song shifts into a slower middle eight section set to a martial drum beat over which jello biafra imagines the nightmarish actions of brown's ss-styled secret police (""come quietly to the camp; you'd look nice as a drawstring lamp,"" a reference to the now-contested claim that lampshades were sometimes made from human skin during the holocaust )."	"after two verses and choruses, the song shifts into a slower middle eight section set to a martial drum beat over which jello biafra imagines the nightmarish actions of brown's ss-styled secret police (""come quietly to the camp; you'd look nice as a drawstring lamp,"" a reference to the claim that lampshades were sometimes made from human skin during the holocaust )."
rublev was born in moscow to andrey rublev sr., a former professional boxer turned restaurateur, and tennis coach marina marenko, who worked with respected tennis players such as anna kurnikova.	rublev was born in moscow to andrey rublev sr., a former professional boxer turned restaurateur, and tennis coach marina marenko, who worked with tennis players such as anna kurnikova.
the inherent vowel in the devanagari script, an abiguda used to write hindi, marathi, nepali, and sanskrit is a schwa.	the inherent vowel in the devanagari script, an abugida used to write hindi, marathi, nepali, and sanskrit is a schwa.
the film's principal shoot commenced in april 2010 and was completed by november 2010. following several hurdles, kaavalan released on 15 january 2011 with highly positive reviews.	the film's principal shoot commenced in april 2010 and was completed by november 2010. following several hurdles, kaavalan released on 15 january 2011 with relatively positive reviews.
he is also notable for editing a historically-significant booklet by armenia's first prime minister, hovhannes katchaznouni.	he is also notable for editing a booklet by armenia's first prime minister, hovhannes katchaznouni.
this resulted in permanent scarring for the victim although luckily his vision was to return to normal.	this resulted in permanent scarring for the victim although his vision was to return to normal.
stephen victor tallarico (born march 26 1948 in yonkers, new york), better known as steven tyler, is an iconic american musician and songwriter.	stephen victor tallarico (born march 26 1948 in yonkers, new york), better known as steven tyler, is an american musician and songwriter.
fred g. leebron is an award-winning american short story writer and novelist.	fred g. leebron is an american short story writer and novelist.
realizing how foolish she had been, catherine comes to understand that, though novels may be delightful, their content does not relate to everyday life.	realizing how foolish she had been, catherine comes to believe that, though novels may be delightful, their content does not relate to everyday life.
marcia wallace, american actress, voice artist, comedienne (soka gakkai international)	marcia wallace, american actress, voice artist, comedian (soka gakkai international)
she has also worked in the famous tv serial chanakya as shonotra.	she has also worked in the tv serial chanakya as shonotra.
miniclip is a website known for its browser-based casual and exciting games.	miniclip is a website known for its browser-based casual and games.
in june 1859 a tragic fire in eaton destroyed thirteen of its primary business establishments.	in june 1859 a fire in eaton destroyed thirteen of its primary business establishments.
asleep is a beautiful song by the smiths.	asleep is a song by the smiths.
the book illustrates ten common steps which wolf claims can be witnessed in any collapse of a democratic state to one of fascist rule.	the book illustrates ten common steps which wolf states can be witnessed in any collapse of a democratic state to one of fascist rule.
the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated islamist terrorist attacks carried out in the united states on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with al-qaeda, a network of militant islamist organizations, hijacked four commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated islamist millitant attacks carried out in the united states on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with al-qaeda, a network of militant islamist organizations, hijacked four commercial airliners.
the site has gained negative attention due to its articles on places and people.	the site has gained media attention due to its articles on places and people.
spectacular bridal veil falls is at the head of the canyon.	bridal veil falls is at the head of the canyon.
chronic use results in ongoing rhinitis and necrosis of the nasal membranes.	chronic use can result in ongoing rhinitis and necrosis of the nasal membranes.
vandross refused to address questions of his sexuality, and instead told bet it was none of their business and rightly separated his personal life from his professional one.	vandross refused to address questions of his sexuality, and instead told bet it was none of their business and separated his personal life from his professional one.
for instance, a dedicated console controller might consist of only a button and a primitive joystick, or feature a dozen buttons and one or more joysticks.	for instance, a dedicated console controller might consist of only a button and a joystick, or feature a dozen buttons and one or more joysticks.
file: police_dictatorship_in_hk .jpg|police tactical unit officers stop to check a suspect.	file: police inspection in hk .jpg|police tactical unit officers stop to check a suspect.
augustus montague summers (10 april 1880 10 august 1948) was an eccentric english author and clergyman.	augustus montague summers (10 april 1880 10 august 1948) was an english author and clergyman.
the movement is composed largely of veterans, libertarians, and second amendment advocates who share a common dislike of federal government decisions/ actions and also a set of ideals associated with the values of the militia as embodied in the constitution.	the movement is composed largely of veterans, libertarians, and second amendment advocates who share a common dislike of federal government decisions/ actions and also a set of ideals associated with the values of the militia they see embodied in the constitution.
actress and singer judy garland (1922-1969), known as the quintessential gay icon.	actress and singer judy garland (1922-1969), cited as the quintessential gay icon.
the pothole is the one-hundred and fiftieth episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the pothole is the one-hundred and fiftieth episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
brentwood school is a minor public school in brentwood in the english county of essex.	brentwood school is a public school in brentwood in the english county of essex.
his overly animated displays of emotion on the mound made him a fan favorite, but also drew the ire of opposing teams.	his remarkably animated displays of emotion on the mound made him a fan favorite, but also drew the ire of opposing teams.
the government deployed indian army and paramilitary forces to control the violence .	the government deployed indian army and paramilitary forces to control the protest .
for those anti-semitics who claimed the soviet republic was an jewish dictatorship, it worth pointing out that 7.4% to 11.9% (estimates vary) of those shot during the red terror were jewish6.	for those who claimed the soviet republic was an jewish dictatorship, it worth pointing out that 7.4% to 11.9% (estimates vary) of those shot during the red terror were jewish6.
ale's stones (or ales stenar in swedish) is a megalithic monument in scania in southern sweden.	ale's stones (or ales stenar in swedish) is an alleged megalithic monument in scania in southern sweden.
gabrielle finally resigned on january 25, 2012, to concentrate on recovering from her injuries from the 2011 tucson shooting.	gabrielle resigned on january 25, 2012, to concentrate on recovering from her injuries from the 2011 tucson shooting.
directed by doug raymond and hosted by comedienne jaye p. morgan, talk of the town was primarily a talk-show in which some guests performed short stand-up comedy routines before joining a panel.	directed by doug raymond and hosted by comedian jaye p. morgan, talk of the town was primarily a talk-show in which some guests performed short stand-up comedy routines before joining a panel.
in the course of the 17th century, the entirety of alsace was agressively annexed under king louis xiv of france and made one of the provinces of france.	in the course of the 17th century, the entirety of alsace was gradually annexed under king louis xiv of france and made one of the provinces of france.
my super sweet 16 is an mtv reality series depicting the travails of spoiled brat teenagers planning over-the-top parties and balls—including 16th birthday parties, cotillion balls, and quinceaeras—all paid for by their parents.	my super sweet 16 is an mtv reality series depicting the travails of spoiled teenagers planning over-the-top parties and balls—including 16th birthday parties, cotillion balls, and quinceaeras—all paid for by their parents.
"in jurisdictions using this fiction, a legal draftsman may distinguish between a ""person"" and a ""natural person"" to specify the scope of legislation."	"in jurisdictions using this fiction, a legal drafter may distinguish between a ""person"" and a ""natural person"" to specify the scope of legislation."
the image was of black republican virginia lieutenant governor michael steele, a candidate for u.s. senate.	the image was of black republican maryland lieutenant governor michael steele, a candidate for u.s. senate.
lilavati (also leelavati) was bhaskara's (bhaskaracharya) excellent treatise on mathematics.	lilavati (also leelavati) was bhaskara's (bhaskaracharya) treatise on mathematics.
a 1968 screening in the idealistic planned community of columbia, maryland was considered too violent for viewers causing the hosts to hide in the bathroom to avoid the audience.	a 1968 screening in the planned community of columbia, maryland was considered too violent for viewers causing the hosts to hide in the bathroom to avoid the audience.
he came to prominence at the end of the sixties, with a riveting performance as a would-be hustler in 1969's best picture winner, midnight cowboy, for which he earned his first academy award nomination.	he came to prominence at the end of the sixties, with a performance as a would-be hustler in 1969's best picture winner, midnight cowboy, for which he earned his first academy award nomination.
writer eric alterman noted that peretz has often used racist language to describe arabs and palestinians:	writer eric alterman noted that peretz has often used language to describe arabs and palestinians:
it entered the uk charts at #2 behind coldplay's much-hyped x&y.	it entered the uk charts at #2 behind coldplay's x&y.
she is pro-life and has voted against abortion rights, stem cell research and for granting legal status to unborn children, via the unborn victims of violence act.	she is opposed to abortion and has voted against abortion rights, stem cell research and for granting legal status to unborn children, via the unborn victims of violence act.
"william wallace ""wally"" barron (december 8, 1911 november 12, 2002) was a democratic machine politician in west virginia."	"william wallace ""wally"" barron (december 8, 1911 november 12, 2002) was a democratic politician in west virginia."
he wrote on the history of mexico and other neighboring nations in the nahuatl and spanish languages, but unfortunately the majority of his works have not survived.	he wrote on the history of mexico and other neighboring nations in the nahuatl and spanish languages, but the majority of his works have not survived.
the šubić family were a noble family of dalmatia .	the šubić family were a noble family of croatia .
she was just 14 years old when she completed mirror dreams, which was written during her school summer vacation.	she was 14 years old when she completed mirror dreams, which was written during her school summer vacation.
in the 62nd minute, elizondo controversially sent off wayne rooney after stamping on portugal's ricardo carvalho and pushing cristiano ronaldo, who was one of a number of portugal players surrounding the referee.	in the 62nd minute, elizondo sent off wayne rooney after stamping on portugal's ricardo carvalho and pushing cristiano ronaldo, who was one of a number of portugal players surrounding the referee.
in the years since many of ehrlich's predictions have proven incorrect, but he stands by his general thesis that the human population is too large and is a direct threat to human survival and the environment of the planet.	in the years since some of ehrlich's predictions have proven incorrect, but he stands by his general thesis that the human population is too large and is a direct threat to human survival and the environment of the planet.
the band has also been highly compared to tool, with music critics stating pete loeffler's voice sounds considerably like tool singer maynard james keenan.	the band has also been compared to tool, with music critics stating pete loeffler's voice sounds considerably like tool singer maynard james keenan.
and will face incumbent governor ernie fletcher in the general election in november 2007. beshear's platform is expanded gambling, which governor ernie fletcher opposes due to the social ills that come with casinos.	and will face incumbent governor ernie fletcher in the general election in november 2007. beshear's platform is expanded gambling, which governor ernie fletcher opposes due to the social ills he says come with casinos.
before his inauguration in march of 1861, seven southern states seceded from the united states, formed the confederate states of america, and took control of u.s. forts and other properties within their boundaries.	before his inauguration in march of 1861, seven southern states delared their secession from the united states, formed the confederate states of america, and took control of u.s. forts and other properties within their boundaries.
looking for a more authentic r&b sound, marriott hired three distinguished female backing singers, the blackberries.	looking for a more authentic r&b sound, marriott hired three female backing singers, the blackberries.
glenbard east's marching band appears in the local lilac parade each year, and the symphonic band stages wonderful concerts every year.	glenbard east's marching band appears in the local lilac parade each year, and the symphonic band stages concerts every year.
excellent lex scripta account of the plots	lex scripta account of the plots
while most of them are jihadists, some individuals, such as mahdi al-harati, have joined to support the syrian revolution .	while most of them are jihadists, some individuals, such as mahdi al-harati, have joined to support the syrian opposition .
"the local power of the ""princes"" of the hallstatt culture disappeared in slovakia during the last period of the iron age after strife between the scytho-thracian people and the celtic tribes, who advanced from the south towards the north, following the slovak rivers."	"the local power of the ""princes"" of the hallstatt culture disappeared in slovakia during the last period of the iron age after strife between the scytho-thracian people and the celtic tribes, who advanced from the south towards the north, following the rivers."
sargent was much affected by his daughter's death, and his recording of elgar's the dream of gerontius in 1945 was an expression of his grief at her passing .	sargent was much affected by his daughter's death, and his recording of elgar's the dream of gerontius in 1945 was an expression of his grief at her death .
portrayals of idealized masculine males in the media, like their female counterparts, are controversial for what some see as promoting an unrealistic or unachievable perfection .	portrayals of idealized masculine males in the media, like their female counterparts, are controversial for what some see as promoting an unrealistic or unachievable ideal .
the national railroad passenger corporation, doing business as amtrak , is a government-owned corporation that was organized on may 1, 1971, to provide intercity passenger train service in the united states.	the national railroad passenger corporation, doing business as amtrak , is a government owned and heavily taxpayer funded corporation that was organized on may 1, 1971, to provide intercity passenger train service in the united states.
he is famous for the invaluable support he gave then little known film maker george lucas during the production of star wars.	he is famous for the support he gave then little known film maker george lucas during the production of star wars.
the simple life is a popular reality television series broadcast on fox from december 2, 2003. the comedic show depicts two wealthy young socialites (paris hilton and nicole richie) as they struggle to do manual, low-paying jobs such as cleaning rooms, doing farm work, serving meals in fast-food restaurants and working as camp counsellors.	the simple life is a reality television series broadcast on fox from december 2, 2003. the comedic show depicts two wealthy young socialites (paris hilton and nicole richie) as they struggle to do manual, low-paying jobs such as cleaning rooms, doing farm work, serving meals in fast-food restaurants and working as camp counsellors.
william harris was an outstanding american tennis player in the mid-20th century.	william harris was an american tennis player in the mid-20th century.
vega and her husband, orson salazar, welcomed their first child, orson on may 2 2007.	vega and her husband, orson salazar, had their first child, orson on may 2 2007.
"regarding one series of slurs , donohue explained: ""bill maher has been attacking catholicism for years, and this explains why the catholic league is now at a breaking point with him."	"regarding one series of criticisms , donohue explained: ""bill maher has been attacking catholicism for years, and this explains why the catholic league is now at a breaking point with him."
the novel opens in 2850 a.d. on earth.	the novel opens in 2850 ce on earth.
the movie was a remake of tamil superhit movie thiruda thirudi starring dhanush and chayasingh.	the movie was a remake of tamil movie thiruda thirudi starring dhanush and chayasingh.
black supremacy is an ideology which holds that black people are superior to other races and is manifested in bigotry towards persons not of african ancestry, particularly white and jewish people.	black supremacy is a racist ideology which holds that black people are superior to other races and is manifested in bigotry towards persons not of african ancestry, particularly white and jewish people.
the provisional french republic sent the french far east expeditionary corps, which was originally created to fight the japanese occupation forces, in order to pacify the rebellion .	the provisional french republic sent the french far east expeditionary corps, which was originally created to fight the japanese occupation forces, in order to pacify the liberational uprising .
arthur l. farnsworth (born 1962) is an american politician and convicted tax protester .	arthur l. farnsworth (born 1962) is an american politician and convicted tax honesty movement advocate .
during production for dark of the moon, shia labeouf and bay confirmed that they would not return for a fourth installment of the franchise.	during production for dark of the moon, shia labeouf and bay stated that they would not return for a fourth installment of the franchise.
she was the frontrunner to win the academy award for best actress in a leading role of 1965, but shockingly lost to julie christie for darling; she, however, won the golden globe award for best motion picture actress - musical or comedy of 1965.	she was the frontrunner to win the academy award for best actress in a leading role of 1965, but lost to julie christie for darling; she, however, won the golden globe award for best motion picture actress - musical or comedy of 1965.
nelements cool 3d concept maps.	nelements 3d concept maps.
the city is surrounded by many beautiful parks and gardens, such as the shah alam lake gardens (developed around seven artificial lakes), the bukit cahaya sri alam agricultural park (soon to be national botanical gardens) and the alam megah recreational park, situated in section 28.	the city is surrounded by many parks and gardens, such as the shah alam lake gardens (developed around seven artificial lakes), the bukit cahaya sri alam agricultural park (soon to be national botanical gardens) and the alam megah recreational park, situated in section 28.
though taken under prince's wing, she proved to be a first-rate artist in her own right.	though taken under prince's wing, she proved to be a successful artist in her own right.
"their first major commercial success came with frengers, released in 2003, described as ""a work of quiet brilliance, aiming for the epic without straying into the bombastic, offering cerebral arrangements while keeping things accessible."""	"their first commercial success came with frengers, released in 2003, described as ""a work of quiet brilliance, aiming for the epic without straying into the bombastic, offering cerebral arrangements while keeping things accessible."""
well-equipped hackerspaces may provide machine tools, sewing, crafting, art fabrication, audio equipment, video projectors, game consoles, electronic instrumentation (such as oscilloscopes and signal generators), electronic components and raw materials for hacking, and various other tools for electronics fabrication and building things.	well-equipped hackerspaces may provide machine tools, sewing, crafting, art fabrication, audio equipment, video projectors, game consoles, electronic instrumentation (such as oscilloscopes and signal generators), electronic components and raw materials for hacking, and various other tools for electronics fabrication and creating things.
she is eligible for parole after only fifteen years, in 2010.	she is eligible for parole after fifteen years, in 2010.
simon dubnow uncritically reproduces the claims of the discredited hanover chronicle:	simon dubnow reproduces the claims of the discredited hanover chronicle:
chinaman (term) is a contentious term referring to a chinese person	chinaman (term) is a term referring to a chinese person
despite his bleak existentialist outlook, solidified in the public mind through his articulate and vivid series of interviews with david sylvester, bacon in person was highly engaging and charismatic, articulate, well-read and unapologetically gay.	despite his bleak existentialist outlook, solidified in the public mind through his articulate and vivid series of interviews with david sylvester, bacon in person was highly engaging and charismatic, articulate, well-read and openly gay.
ben has received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics.	ben has received negative reviews from critics.
like the harry potter books, the his dark materials books have been at the heart of controversy, especially with certain fundamentalist christian groups.	like the harry potter books, the his dark materials books have been at the heart of controversy, especially with certain christian groups.
although rick professes to be neutral in all matters, it is later revealed that he had run guns to ethiopia to combat the 1935 italian invasion, and fought on the republican side in the spanish civil war against francisco franco's fascists .	although rick professes to be neutral in all matters, it is later revealed that he had run guns to ethiopia to combat the 1935 italian invasion, and fought on the republican side in the spanish civil war against francisco franco's nationalists .
there is strong evidence that these verses are not part of the original document, but rather an ancient completion of it.	there is evidence that these verses are not part of the original document, but rather an ancient completion of it.
dolan was born in camden, north london, where he eventually returned and now happily lives with his wife and son.	dolan was born in camden, north london, where he eventually returned and now lives with his wife and son.
the israeli ministry of foreign affairs cited the ma'ale akrabim incident as evidence that arab terrorist attacks preceded the 1967 six day war, in which israel gained territory that included the occupied west bank and gaza strip.	the israeli ministry of foreign affairs cited the ma'ale akrabim incident as evidence that arab terrorist attacks preceded the 1967 six day war, in which israel gained territory that included the west bank and gaza strip.
"prophetprophecy etymonline ""c.1300, ""person so mentally deficient as to be incapable of ordinary reasoning,"" from old french idiote ""uneducated or ignorant person,"" from latin idiota ""ordinary person, layman,"" in late latin ""uneducated or ignorant person,"" from greek idiotes ""layman, person lacking professional skill,"" literally ""private person,"" used patronizingly for ""ignorant person,"" from idios ""one's own""."	"etymonline ""c.1300, ""person so mentally deficient as to be incapable of ordinary reasoning,"" from old french idiote ""uneducated or ignorant person,"" from latin idiota ""ordinary person, layman,"" in late latin ""uneducated or ignorant person,"" from greek idiotes ""layman, person lacking professional skill,"" literally ""private person,"" used patronizingly for ""ignorant person,"" from idios ""one's own""."
thomas sankara was appointed prime minister in january 1983, and introduced many controversial policies.	thomas sankara was appointed prime minister in january 1983, and introduced many socialist policies.
"since the 1980s, the debate has centered around the causes of and contributing factors to the disproportional representation of racial minorities (particularly african americans, hence so-called ""black crime"") at all stages of the criminal justice system, including arrests, prosecutions and incarcerations."	"since the 1980s, the debate has centered around the causes of and contributing factors to the disproportional representation of racial minorities (particularly african americans, hence ""black crime"") at all stages of the criminal justice system, including arrests, prosecutions and incarcerations."
after his passing , the mets honored murphy's memory by wearing a patch on the left sleeve of their uniforms for the rest of the season.	after his death , the mets honored murphy's memory by wearing a patch on the left sleeve of their uniforms for the rest of the season.
williams' sister rose was tragically compelled to undergo a lobotomy at the instigation of their domineering mother.	williams' sister rose was compelled to undergo a lobotomy at the instigation of their domineering mother.
the reservoir also offers great fishing.	the reservoir also offers sport fishing.
on december 13, 2010, twitter included rockmelt as one of the top tweeted tech trends in 2010. it is well known for its cheesy slogans 'not a browser, but a wowser' and 'quit browsing, start wowsing'.	on december 13, 2010, twitter included rockmelt as one of the top tweeted tech trends in 2010. it is well known for its slogans 'not a browser, but a wowser' and 'quit browsing, start wowsing'.
it is gregarious, active and surprisingly quite tame.	it is gregarious, active and quite tame.
particularly vociferous have been greg lemond, the only other american to have won the tour, and the french newspaper le monde, who have questioned his association with his trainer, dr. michele ferrari, who is presently on trial for providing drugs to italian cyclists.	particularly vocal have been greg lemond, the only other american to have won the tour, and the french newspaper le monde, who have questioned his association with his trainer, dr. michele ferrari, who is presently on trial for providing drugs to italian cyclists.
"responding to a question by david martosko of the daily mail asking if the white house encouraged the support of ""qanon fringe groups""in light of their hostile behavior toward cnn chief white house correspondent jim acosta at a trump rally in tampa, florida white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders denounced ""any group that would incite violence against another individual"", without specifically responding to the qanon mention."	"responding to a question by david martosko of the daily mail asking if the white house encouraged the support of ""qanon fringe groups""in light of their behavior toward cnn chief white house correspondent jim acosta at a trump rally in tampa, florida white house press secretary sarah huckabee sanders denounced ""any group that would incite violence against another individual"", without specifically responding to the qanon mention."
the pribilof dialect boasts more living speakers than any other dialect of aleut.	the pribilof dialect has more living speakers than any other dialect of aleut.
potential viewers should note that graphic photographs of the dead israelis and palestinians are shown at the end of this section in a spectacular photo-montage set to the deep purple song child in time.	potential viewers should note that graphic photographs of the dead israelis and palestinians are shown at the end of this section in a photo-montage set to the deep purple song child in time.
macdonald's most controversial idea is his assertion that a suite of jewish psychological traits, including higher-than-average verbal intelligence and ethnocentricism, enhances the ability of jews to out-compete non-jews for resources while undermining the power and self-confidence of the white majority in europe and america.	macdonald's most controversial idea is his assertion that a suite of jewish psychological traits, including higher-than-average verbal intelligence and ethnocentricism, enhances the ability of jews to out-compete non-jews for resources while undermining the power and self-confidence of the white majorities in europe and america.
in 1987, he gave the prestigious john locke lectures at oxford.	in 1987, he gave the john locke lectures at oxford.
"from 2008 to 2017, the republican party has quickly gone from ""debating how to combat human-caused climate change to arguing that it does not exist""."	"from 2008 to 2017, the republican party has gone from ""debating how to combat human-caused climate change to arguing that it does not exist""."
ran the first journey with passengers on the first day of operations on the 4th of april 2012 but unfortunately derailed in fleetwood on the first journey back to starr gate.	ran the first journey with passengers on the first day of operations on the 4th of april 2012 but derailed in fleetwood on the first journey back to starr gate.
later she claimed this referred to business hours rather than clock time, and began on the tuesday (january 9, 2007) after the swearing-in ceremony on january 4th.	later she said this referred to business hours rather than clock time, and began on the tuesday (january 9, 2007) after the swearing-in ceremony on january 4th.
the ship was renovated and made open to tourists with an accompanying propaganda video of the north korean perspective in late july 2013. to commemorate the anniversary of the korean war, the ship had a new layer of paint added.	the ship was renovated and made open to tourists with an accompanying video of the north korean perspective in late july 2013. to commemorate the anniversary of the korean war, the ship had a new layer of paint added.
launched in august 1965, pakistan army soldiers and guerillas disguised as locals entered indian occupied kashmir from pakistan with the intention of fomenting a insurgency among kashmiri muslims.	launched in august 1965, pakistan army soldiers and guerillas disguised as locals entered indian held kashmir from pakistan with the intention of fomenting a insurgency among kashmiri muslims.
cataby is a tiny settlement approximately north of perth, western australia on the brand highway.	cataby is a small settlement approximately north of perth, western australia on the brand highway.
"neither alcohol nor coffee is considered ""paleo"" as our ancestors could not produce these drinks."	"neither alcohol nor coffee is considered ""paleo"" as human ancestors could not produce these drinks."
johnson's second book, truth without paradox, consists mostly of johnson's resolution of many alleged paradoxes, such as the liar paradox.	johnson's second book, truth without paradox, consists mostly of johnson's claimed resolutions of many alleged paradoxes, such as the liar paradox.
only about 20 percent of muslims live in arab countries.	about 20 percent of muslims live in arab countries.
natasha leggero (born march 26, 1974) is an american actress, comedienne and former frequent roundtable panelist on friend chelsea handler's late-night talk show chelsea lately.	natasha leggero (born march 26, 1974) is an american actress, comedian and former frequent roundtable panelist on friend chelsea handler's late-night talk show chelsea lately.
the most horrific example of the provisionals' commercial bombing campaign was bloody friday in july 1972 in belfast city centre, where 22 bombs were exploded, nine people were killed and 130 injured.	the most devastating example of the provisionals' commercial bombing campaign was bloody friday in july 1972 in belfast city centre, where 22 bombs were exploded, nine people were killed and 130 injured.
a much larger issue, though, was the physical formats of the discs themselves; sony did not want to risk losing billions of dollars in royalties as they had done with standard dvd .	a much larger issue, though, was the physical formats of the discs themselves; the blu-ray disc association's member companies did not want to risk losing billions of dollars in royalties as they had done with standard dvd .
the lake's spectacular views of volcn osorno make the surrounding cities such as puerto varas tourism hotspots.	the lake's views of volcn osorno make the surrounding cities such as puerto varas tourism hotspots.
while the concept and production of the war in space was spurred by the explosive international success of star wars, the film is actually an outer space redressing of toho's undersea adventure atragon and the groundbreaking anime series space battleship yamato.	while the concept and production of the war in space was spurred by the international success of star wars, the film is actually an outer space redressing of toho's undersea adventure atragon and the groundbreaking anime series space battleship yamato.
the high-definition multimedia interface (hdmi) is a drm encumbered all-digital audio/video interface capable of transmitting uncompressed streams.	the high-definition multimedia interface (hdmi) is a drm -enabled all-digital audio/video interface capable of transmitting uncompressed streams.
ibrahim was the preeminent malaysian spokesperson for the economic reforms preferred by the imf, which included interest rate hikes, among others.	ibrahim was the preeminent malaysian spokesperson for the economic policies preferred by the imf, which included interest rate hikes, among others.
in a newspaper interview at this time, brown announced he was a raging homosexual.	in a newspaper interview at this time, brown announced he was a homosexual.
he was tragically killed in 1994 while on location in angola filming the luanda zoo rescue operation when he was attacked by an escaped bengal tiger.	he was killed in 1994 while on location in angola filming the luanda zoo rescue operation when he was attacked by an escaped bengal tiger.
he worked with okean elzy, brat'ia grim and other top ukrainian and russian artists.	he worked with okean elzy, brat'ia grim and other famous ukrainian and russian artists.
as the fidonet system was best adapted to an environment in which local telephone service was inexpensive and long-distance calls (or intercity data transfer via packet-switched networks) artificially costly, it fared somewhat poorly in countries such as japan, where local lines are expensive.	as the fidonet system was best adapted to an environment in which local telephone service was inexpensive and long-distance calls (or intercity data transfer via packet-switched networks) costly, it fared somewhat poorly in countries such as japan, where local lines are expensive.
alarmed at this action, union general nathaniel lyon struck first, encircling the peaceful camp and forcing the state troops to surrender.	alarmed at this action, union general nathaniel lyon struck first, encircling the camp and forcing the state troops to surrender.
they published numerous attacks in the 1950s and 1960s by whittaker chambers, garry wills, and m. stanton evans.	they published numerous critciisms in the 1950s and 1960s by whittaker chambers, garry wills, and m. stanton evans.
he later achieved significant notoriety as an advocate for ant-american political causes and through acting as a defense lawyer in the trials of controversial figures.	he later achieved significant notoriety as an advocate for progressive political causes and through acting as a defense lawyer in the trials of controversial figures.
the head of french valley is a cirque formed by impressive cliffs.	the head of french valley is a cirque formed by tall cliffs.
viktor ahn (; born november 23, 1985), also known as ahn hyun-soo is a legendary short track speed skating athlete.	viktor ahn (; born november 23, 1985), also known as ahn hyun-soo is a short track speed skating athlete.
burrell has been routinely mentioned in the context of diana, and has gained a measure of renown in the media.	burrell has been routinely mentioned in the context of diana, and has gained a measure of notoriety in the media.
in 1980, israel outright annexed east jerusalem.	in 1980, israel annexed east jerusalem.
"he justified the petition by claiming that ""the name escriv is common in the east coast and catalonia, leading to harmful and annoying confusion""."	"he justified the petition by saying that ""the name escriv is common in the east coast and catalonia, leading to harmful and annoying confusion""."
dakota mayi johnson (born october 4, 1989) is an american fashion model and actress, best known for her lead role in the short-lived fox sitcom ben and kate (20122013).	dakota mayi johnson (born october 4, 1989) is an american fashion model and actress, known for her lead role in the short-lived fox sitcom ben and kate (20122013).
on the 11th of september 2012, four u.s. citizens were murdered as a result of a coordinated terrorist attack on the u.s. diplomatic mission in benghazi.	on the 11th of september 2012, four u.s. citizens were killed as a result of a coordinated terrorist attack on the u.s. diplomatic mission in benghazi.
"on 30 september, upon his return to britain, chamberlain delivered his infamous ""peace for our time"" speech to crowds in london."	"on 30 september, upon his return to britain, chamberlain delivered his controversial ""peace for our time"" speech to crowds in london."
"thus, from may 1943 two antagonistic ukrainian nationalistic forces shared a common name, the ukrainian insurgent army (ukrayinska povstanska armiya,"" or ""upa""), without merging into one army."	"thus, from may 1943 two ukrainian nationalistic forces shared a common name, the ukrainian insurgent army (ukrayinska povstanska armiya,"" or ""upa""), without merging into one army."
"alasdair ross, a labour councillor, warned that the council ""would loosen its control over what happens there in the future"" and called gummer's suggestion ""stupid and naive"", and 51% of respondents to the east anglian daily timess online poll disagreed with gummer and felt the council should not sell the ground."	"alasdair ross, a labour councillor, claimed that the council ""would loosen its control over what happens there in the future"" and called gummer's suggestion ""stupid and naive"", and 51% of respondents to the east anglian daily timess online poll disagreed with gummer and felt the council should not sell the ground."
while true of homosexuality as a scientific or psychiatric category, there are examples from earlier ages of those viewing their sexuality as a part of a human identity and not merely a sexual act.	while true of homosexuality as a scientific or psychological category, there are examples from earlier ages of those viewing their sexuality as a part of a human identity and not merely a sexual act.
orthodox, whereas g. h. hardy ( aggressively atheist) believed him to be essentially agnostic as far as metaphysical matters were concerned.	orthodox, whereas g. h. hardy ( an atheist) believed him to be essentially agnostic as far as metaphysical matters were concerned.
nestor gastn carbonell (born december 1, 1967) is an american actor, best known for portraying richard alpert in abc's drama lost.	nestor gastn carbonell (born december 1, 1967) is an american actor, known for portraying richard alpert in abc's drama lost.
cape hatteras is a fascinating combination of natural and cultural resources, and provides a wide variety of recreational opportunities.	cape hatteras is a combination of natural and cultural resources, and provides a wide variety of recreational opportunities.
he earns in total 260% of the salary of an ordinary parliamentarian.	the prime minister earns in total 260% of the salary of an ordinary parliamentarian.
several resident-created translation devices provide machine translation of public chat (using various online translation services), allowing for easy communication between residents who speak different languages.	several resident-created translation devices provide machine translation of public chat (using various online translation services), allowing for communication between residents who speak different languages.
most members of these groups are anti-semitic, and they distribute tracts such as the infamous protocols of the elders of zion.	most members of these groups are anti-semitic, and they distribute tracts such as the protocols of the elders of zion.
diagram of an example house lot as seen from above, showing front and back yards , positions of structures on the lot, and immediate surroundings.	diagram of an example house lot as seen from above, showing front and back lawns , positions of structures on the lot, and immediate surroundings.
fatima bhutto , (born 29 may 1982) is a pakistani poetess and writer.	fatima bhutto , (born 29 may 1982) is a pakistani poet and writer.
salvador bru is a famed painter, born in valencia, spain.	salvador bru is a painter, born in valencia, spain.
gilchrest is the second liberal incumbent republican to be defeated by a candidate supported by the club.	gilchrest is the second incumbent republican to be defeated by a candidate supported by the club.
although most african americans are predominantly of african ancestry (average of 17% european ancestry according to geneticist marc shriver), many african americans are often even more than 50% european in ancestry.	although most african americans are predominantly of african ancestry (average of 17% european ancestry according to geneticist marc shriver), many african american identified mulattos are often even more than 50% european in ancestry.
"in response to the murders of black panther members fred hampton and mark clark during the december 1969 police raid, on may 21, 1970, the weather underground issued a ""declaration of war"" against the united states government, using for the first time its new name, the ""weather underground organization"" (wuo), adopting fake identities, and pursuing covert activities only."	"in response to the killing of black panther members fred hampton and mark clark during the december 1969 police raid, on may 21, 1970, the weather underground issued a ""declaration of war"" against the united states government, using for the first time its new name, the ""weather underground organization"" (wuo), adopting fake identities, and pursuing covert activities only."
the e is a small circle, and can stand for the e in feed and help , the i in trim and marine , and the obscure vowel in her and learn .	the e is a small circle, and can stand for the e in feed and help , the i in trim and marine , and the vowel in her and learn .
subsequent protests resulted in government of pakistan opening up the pakistan occupied kashmir for mobile operators which has significantly improved mobile services in the area.	subsequent protests resulted in government of pakistan opening up the pakistan administered kashmir for mobile operators which has significantly improved mobile services in the area.
he served his country for 48 years and was much beloved and respected by all who knew him.	he served his country faithfully 48 years and was much beloved and respected by all who knew him.
"his work also includes production for heavyweight rappers such as (alphabetic order) apathy, big l, big daddy kane, bun b, canibus, common, d.i.t.c., evidence, fat joe, game, ill bill, immortal technique, jay-z, joell ortiz, kanye west, krs-one, lord finesse, ludacris, m.o.p., mos def, nas, papoose, rakim, royce da 5'9"", snoop dogg, the lox, the notorious b.i.g., vinnie paz, xzibit, rock band limp bizkit and busta rhymes."	"his work also includes production for rappers such as (alphabetic order) apathy, big l, big daddy kane, bun b, canibus, common, d.i.t.c., evidence, fat joe, game, ill bill, immortal technique, jay-z, joell ortiz, kanye west, krs-one, lord finesse, ludacris, m.o.p., mos def, nas, papoose, rakim, royce da 5'9"", snoop dogg, the lox, the notorious b.i.g., vinnie paz, xzibit, rock band limp bizkit and busta rhymes."
he was one of the most influential protagonists in darts for almost four decades having set up and run the british darts organisation from its inception in 1973 until he was booted off the board in august 2011.	he was one of the most influential protagonists in darts for almost four decades having set up and run the british darts organisation from its inception in 1973 until he was voted off the board in august 2011.
many, such as richard dawkins, compare teaching intelligent design in schools to teaching flat earthism, since the scientific stance between these issues is identical.	many, such as richard dawkins, compare teaching intelligent design in schools to teaching flat earthism, and believe that the scientific stance between these issues is identical.
such studies are of great value as they may inform about the response of past societies to climate change.	such studies are of value as they may inform about the response of past societies to climate change.
it launched in february, 1993 as a free monthly and has published every two weeks since october, 1999. prairie dog is similar to alternative weeklies in other canadian centres, such as now (toronto, on), the georgia straight (vancouver, bc), the coast (halifax, ns) and ffwd (calgary, ab).	it launched in february, 1993 as a monthly and has published every two weeks since october, 1999. prairie dog is similar to alternative weeklies in other canadian centres, such as now (toronto, on), the georgia straight (vancouver, bc), the coast (halifax, ns) and ffwd (calgary, ab).
intellectual property (ip) is a controversial term referring to a number of distinct types of expressions for which a set of monopoly rights are recognized under the corresponding fields of law.	intellectual property (ip) is a term referring to a number of distinct types of expressions for which a set of monopoly rights are recognized under the corresponding fields of law.
pter bozsik (born 30 october 1961) is a football manager and son of the famous player jzsef bozsik, who was part of the golden team of the 1950s and managed the hungarian team in 1974.	pter bozsik (born 30 october 1961) is a football manager and son of the international player jzsef bozsik, who was part of the golden team of the 1950s and managed the hungarian team in 1974.
it is noted that the commonwealthers proudly present their status as an association with the united states under common citizenship, common defense and common currency.	it is noted that the commonwealthers present their status as an association with the united states under common citizenship, common defense and common currency.
catrinel menghia (born october 1, 1985) is a romanian supermodel .	catrinel menghia (born october 1, 1985) is a romanian model .
he is the uncle of famous zach galifianakis and political cartoonist nicholas galifianakis.	he is the uncle of comedian zach galifianakis and political cartoonist nicholas galifianakis.
despite having to change the team due to losing players to the eligibility saga, as well as a lack of matches organised from the national body, the all whites won the 2016 ofc nations cup, winning four matches with the final being won via a penalty shootout after a 0-0 draw against papua new guinea, conceding only one goal, from a penalty, in the process.	despite having to change the team due to losing players to the eligibility saga, as well as a lack of matches organised from the national body, the all whites won the 2016 ofc nations cup, winning four matches with the final being won via a penalty shootout after a 0-0 draw against papua new guinea, conceding one goal, from a penalty, in the process.
according to adrian cook's fine study, the armies of the streets, several thousand of new york city's 800,000 may have been involved in the rioting.	according to adrian cook's study, the armies of the streets, several thousand of new york city's 800,000 may have been involved in the rioting.
the critics liked her as well, with writer-director nat hiken singled out as one of the major factors in the comedienne 's success.	the critics liked her as well, with writer-director nat hiken singled out as one of the major factors in the comedian 's success.
not at all controversial was his great victory over the british at new orleans in the last battle of the war of 1812. he was the main founder of the modern democratic party and became its iconic hero; he was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.	not at all controversial was his resounding victory over the british at new orleans in the last battle of the war of 1812. he was the main founder of the modern democratic party and became its iconic hero; he was always a fierce partisan, with many friends and many enemies.
royle attended quarry bank high school in liverpool where he was an exceptional all-round sportsman.	royle attended quarry bank high school in liverpool where he was an all-round sportsman.
the israeli government report claimed that it was not intending to demolish houses but was clearing debris and shrubbery to expose explosive devices.	the israeli government report found that it was not intending to demolish houses but was clearing debris and shrubbery to expose explosive devices.
when conducting 360 degree feedback on an employee, it is often worthwhile to involve a neutral third party in the process.	fuck youwhen conducting 360 degree feedback on an employee, it is often worthwhile to involve a neutral third party in the process.
it featured a fantastic sound track of classic motown tracks.	it featured a sound track of classic motown tracks.
the honourable sarah ward (born 28 june 1951) known as lalla ward, is an english actress , author and illustrator.	the honourable sarah ward (born 28 june 1951) known as lalla ward, is an english actor , author and illustrator.
john edwards, disgraced former u.s. senator and two time presidential candidate, and james b. hunt jr., 4-term governor of north carolina, are among the most notable alumni with involvement in politics.	john edwards, former u.s. senator and two time presidential candidate, and james b. hunt jr., 4-term governor of north carolina, are among the most notable alumni with involvement in politics.
as a contrary argument, others consider the failure of the tyre prophecy to be self-evident as tyre still exists, contrary to the prophecy, and scholar gustave holscher maintained that certain passages of the book of ezekiel were not written by a pre-exilic prophet of israel but were later added in the persian period.	as a contrary argument, others consider the failure of the tyre prophecy to be self-evident as tyre still exists, contrary to their interpretation of prophecy, and scholar gustave holscher maintained that certain passages of the book of ezekiel were not written by a pre-exilic prophet of israel but were later added in the persian period.
this could be the great title for the film.	this could be the final title for the film.
he was present at the creation of the world and when he first let the winds out of his bag, they cleared the morning mists and filled the gate between heaven and earth so the sun shone.	he is said to have been present at the creation of the world and when he first let the winds out of his bag, they cleared the morning mists and filled the gate between heaven and earth so the sun shone.
most democrats doggedly opposed reagan's efforts to support the contra guerrillas against the leftist sandinista government of nicaragua, and to support the dictatorial governments of guatemala, honduras and el salvador against communist guerrilla movements.	most democrats doggedly opposed reagan's efforts to support the contra guerrillas against the leftist sandinista government of nicaragua, and to support the friendly governments of guatemala, honduras and el salvador against communist guerrilla movements.
the saudis ordered students in canada on saudi arabian scholarships to relocate to another country or risk losing financial assistance.	the saudi government ordered students in canada on saudi arabian scholarships to relocate to another country or risk losing financial assistance.
east mountain teaching denotes the teachings of the fourth ancestor dayi daoxin, his student and heir the fifth patriarch daman hongren, and their students of the chan lineage of china.	east mountain teaching denotes the teachings of the fourth ancestor dayi daoxin, his student and heir the fifth ancestor daman hongren, and their students of the chan lineage of china.
they decided on a strategy of portraying wilde as a depraved older man who habitually enticed nave youths into a life of vicious homosexuality to demonstrate that there was some public interest in having made the accusation openly.	they decided on a strategy of portraying wilde as a depraved older man who habitually enticed nave youths into a life of homosexuality to demonstrate that there was some public interest in having made the accusation openly.
cancelled became canceled (single-l common in american english; double-l common in proper english)	cancelled became canceled (single-l common in american english; double-l common in international english)
the creators of the hit show life on mars have often stated that the sweeney was a big influence on the show.	the creators of the show life on mars have often stated that the sweeney was a big influence on the show.
creationists have recently tried to reposition their attack against mainstream science by using more subtle critiques involving information science and the laws of thermodynamics.	creationists have recently tried to reposition their criticism against mainstream science by using more subtle critiques involving information science and the laws of thermodynamics.
bridge to terabithia received overwhelmingly positive international reaction.	bridge to terabithia received positive international reaction.
"mingw can be run either on the native microsoft windows platform, cross-hosted on gnu/ linux (or other unix), or ""cross-native"" on cygwin."	"mingw can be run either on the native microsoft windows platform, cross-hosted on linux (or other unix), or ""cross-native"" on cygwin."
voters, disgusted by nixon's actions, became thoroughly disillusioned with the republican party.	voters, disgusted by nixon's actions, became thoroughly disgusted with the republican party.
if a player has the chance to play these, he/she has immediate majority and will score 10 points when the shape is completed.	if a player has the chance to play these, they has immediate majority and will score 10 points when the shape is completed.
veteran center rey cuenco, who was still listed in the lineup of pepsi/mobiline for the 22nd pba season, did not play a single game for the team because of health problems, until his passing on august 1996.	veteran center rey cuenco, who was still listed in the lineup of pepsi/mobiline for the 22nd pba season, did not play a single game for the team because of health problems, until his death on august 1996.
"the ""old 97"", a southern railway train officially known as the fast mail, was en route from monroe, virginia to spencer, north carolina when it left the track at stillhouse trestle near danville, virginia on september 27, 1903. the wreck inspired a famous railroad ballad, which was the focus of a convoluted copyright lawsuit."	"the ""old 97"", a southern railway train officially known as the fast mail, was en route from monroe, virginia to spencer, north carolina when it left the track at stillhouse trestle near danville, virginia on september 27, 1903. the wreck inspired a famous railroad ballad, which was the focus of a copyright lawsuit."
after the film opened, snakes on a plane received a suprising 70% favorable rating among the consensus of critics tracked by rottentomatoes.com.	after the film opened, snakes on a plane received a 70% favorable rating among the consensus of critics tracked by rottentomatoes.com.
interestingly this chinese general adopted the native language (which sounded similar to southern chinese dialects anyway) and married local women, who gave birth to sons that inherited the kingdom.	this chinese general adopted the native language (which sounded similar to southern chinese dialects anyway) and married local women, who gave birth to sons that inherited the kingdom.
unfortunately nate's story did not hold water when the trumbull county sheriff's department intercepted several letters of their plans as well as recordings of their jailhouse phone calls.	nate's story did not hold water when the trumbull county sheriff's department intercepted several letters of their plans as well as recordings of their jailhouse phone calls.
capitalizing on her beauty she achieved international status as a professional model.	capitalizing on her appearance she achieved international status as a professional model.
most of the dead were killed in gas chambers using zyklon b; other deaths were caused by systematic starvation, forced labor, lack of disease control, individual executions, and cruel medical experiments.	most of the dead were killed in gas chambers using zyklon b; other deaths were caused by systematic starvation, forced labor, lack of disease control, individual executions, and medical experiments.
in contrast to pacifism, the non-aggression principle does not preclude reasonable self-defence.	in contrast to pacifism, the non-aggression principle does not preclude forceful self-defence.
has been established in 2002 with two major fields.this branch, now, has 54 fields majors and more than 12000 students in bachelor, master and phd level, located in the east of tehran, is a significant branch of technical and engineering departments in the country.	has been established in 2002 with two major fields.this branch, now, has 54 fields majors and more than 12000 students in bachelor, master and phd level, located in the east of tehran, is a branch of technical and engineering departments in the country.
"in , paul's letters are referred to as ""scripture"", which indicates the respect peter had for paul's apostolic authority."	"in , paul's letters are referred to as ""scripture"", which indicates the respect the writer had for paul's apostolic authority."
heavy boned, slow to mature, and extremely hardy, the creature became a symbol of the region, but was sadly allowed to die out in the early 1960s.	heavy boned, slow to mature, and extremely hardy, the creature became a symbol of the region, but was allowed to die out in the early 1960s.
this act forced the tsar of bulgaria to invade his allies.	this act prompted the tsar of bulgaria to invade his allies.
"the volksgerichtshof (german for ""people's court"") was a pseudo- court established by hitler after the reichstag fire to handle those accused of political criminal offences, such as treason."	"the volksgerichtshof (german for ""people's court"") was a court established by hitler after the reichstag fire to handle those accused of political criminal offences, such as treason."
"claims that smith neither taught nor practiced polygamy are contradicted by the official publication of the doctrine and covenants section 132 recorded july 12, 1843. this revelation, in which jesus christ states through smith that ""a new and an everlasting covenant"" of plural marriage is given, contains numerous biblical references to and justifications of polygamy, as well as the demand that smith's wife, emma, accept all of smith's plural wives, and warns of damnation if the new covenant is not observed."	"claims that smith neither taught nor practiced polygamy are contradicted by the official publication of the doctrine and covenants section 132 recorded july 12, 1843. this revelation, in which jesus christ is believed to have revealed through smith that ""a new and an everlasting covenant"" of plural marriage is given, contains numerous biblical references to and justifications of polygamy, as well as the demand that smith's wife, emma, accept all of smith's plural wives, and warns of damnation if the new covenant is not observed."
while the first edition was strongly materialistic and supported darwinist ernst haeckel's monism, later editions were silently re-written in favour of blavatsky's critiscism of darwin and haeckel.	while the first edition was strongly materialistic and supported darwinist ernst haeckel's monism, later editions were re-written in favour of blavatsky's critiscism of darwin and haeckel.
the hindus replied with their ingenious mahaartis (hindu worship of the gods), in an ostensible response against the sudden spurt in namaaz on streets.	the hindus replied with their mahaartis (hindu worship of the gods), in an ostensible response against the sudden spurt in namaaz on streets.
prussian blue is a controversial white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx and lamb gaede (born 1992), twin girls brought up in the united states.	prussian blue is a white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx and lamb gaede (born 1992), twin girls brought up in the united states.
aside from the humiliating 1967 defeat, factors credited with weakening the movement include:	aside from the 1967 defeat, factors credited with weakening the movement include:
after 3 solid seasons in the reserves, lekkas finally made his senior debut in 1996.	after 3 seasons in the reserves, lekkas finally made his senior debut in 1996.
it is the principal gateway to the island paradise province of bohol.	it is the principal gateway to the island province of bohol.
ironically an earlier tesco store in the town had been forced to close as it could not compete with hillards.	an earlier tesco store in the town had been forced to close as it could not compete with hillards.
in march 2002, young admitted that he is gay, to pre-empt a tabloid newspaper that was preparing to run a story outing him.	in march 2002, young revealed that he is gay, to pre-empt a tabloid newspaper that was preparing to run a story outing him.
"she referred to sadistic gossip columnist hedda hopper as a ""ferret""."	"she referred to gossip columnist hedda hopper as a ""ferret""."
however, under the disability discrimination act drawn up in the mid 1990s, all public transport will need to be accessible by 2019. sadly pacers are unable to meet this requirement so will all have to be withdrawn by the end of 2019.	however, under the disability discrimination act drawn up in the mid 1990s, all public transport will need to be accessible by 2019. pacers are unable to meet this requirement so will all have to be withdrawn by the end of 2019.
mel giedroyc, actress and comedienne , one half of 'mel and sue'	mel giedroyc, actress and comedian , one half of 'mel and sue'
in 2014, at least four pregnant female employees miscarried due to what they claimed were their supervisors' refusals to transfer them to light duty once they became pregnant, despite having provided doctors' notes recommending less taxing workloads.	in 2014, at least four pregnant employees miscarried due to what they claimed were their supervisors' refusals to transfer them to light duty once they became pregnant, despite having provided doctors' notes recommending less taxing workloads.
pop legend michael jackson died in june 2009, creating the largest public mourning since the death of diana, princess of wales in 1997.	pop star michael jackson died in june 2009, creating the largest public mourning since the death of diana, princess of wales in 1997.
in march 2009, henry caused offence by pointing out the facial hair of female guest anti-nuclear campaigner and greenpeace terrorist stephanie mills.	in march 2009, henry caused offence by pointing out the facial hair of female guest anti-nuclear campaigner and greenpeace worker stephanie mills.
the president appoints the prime minister, but it is expected that he will select the leader of the largest party/coalition.	the president appoints the prime minister, but it is expected that the president will select the leader of the largest party/coalition.
"monroe's daring delivery, her racy dress, and her general image as a sex symbol made the president's response humorous when he said, ""i can now retire from politics after having had happy birthday sung to me in such a sweet, wholesome way."""	"monroe's delivery, her racy dress, and her general image as a sex symbol made the president's response humorous when he said, ""i can now retire from politics after having had happy birthday sung to me in such a sweet, wholesome way."""
in 2004, over 30,000 people packed the plaza to celebrate the calgary flames surprising run to the 2004 stanley cup finals.	in 2004, over 30,000 people packed the plaza to celebrate the calgary flames run to the 2004 stanley cup finals.
there is a more sensitive side to zain as he works on a few csu cases with ds ramani decosta, in particular one involving female circumcision .	there is a more sensitive side to zain as he works on a few csu cases with ds ramani decosta, in particular one involving female genital cutting .
thillalangadi is a 2010 blockbuster tamil-language action comedy film directed by m. raja that stars his brother jayam ravi, tamannaah bhatia and shaam in lead roles, and an extensive supporting cast including prabhu ganesan, suhasini maniratnam, comedians vadivelu and santhanam among others essaying pivotal roles.	thillalangadi is a 2010 tamil-language action comedy film directed by m. raja that stars his brother jayam ravi, tamannaah bhatia and shaam in lead roles, and an extensive supporting cast including prabhu ganesan, suhasini maniratnam, comedians vadivelu and santhanam among others essaying pivotal roles.
tran bach dang, 81, vietnamese journalist and revolutionary .	tran bach dang, 81, vietnamese journalist and politician .
in 2009-2010 she attended sabhal mr ostaig on the isle of skye for a year, obtaining a certificate in scottish gaelic language and music and becoming a very fluent gaelic speaker.	in 2009-2010 she attended sabhal mr ostaig on the isle of skye for a year, obtaining a certificate in scottish gaelic language and music and becoming a fluent gaelic speaker.
unfortunately she is now dying of a brain tumor.	in this continuity, she is now dying of a brain tumor.
wieteke van dort (1943 ): dutch actress, comedienne , singer, writer and artist	wieteke van dort (1943 ): dutch actress, comedian, singer, writer and artist
so, on a player's turn, he/she must place a piece so it touches the piece that was just played by the previous player.	so, on a player's turn, they must place a piece so it touches the piece that was just played by the previous player.
the bah' faith is a syncretic monotheistic religion whose members follow the teachings of bah'u'llh, founder and prophet of the religion.	the bah' faith is a monotheistic religion whose members follow the teachings of bah'u'llh, founder and prophet of the religion.
hauldren primarily djed and made mashups under the alias haul pass throughout 2011. most of their inspiration came from a underground amazing artist in nyc named mikyo munekata.	hauldren primarily djed and made mashups under the alias haul pass throughout 2011. most of their inspiration came from a underground artist in nyc named mikyo munekata.
the school of religion and graduate school opened in 1926, the medical school and hospital in 1930, the school of nursing in 1931, and the school of forestry in 1938. the law school, founded in 1904, was reorganized in 1930, and engineering, which had been taught since 1903, became a separate school in 1939. in 1930, the original durham site became a separate woman's college which was merged back into trinity as the liberal arts college for both men and women in 1972. in 1938, duke university became the thirty-fourth member of the prestigious association of american universities.	the school of religion and graduate school opened in 1926, the medical school and hospital in 1930, the school of nursing in 1931, and the school of forestry in 1938. the law school, founded in 1904, was reorganized in 1930, and engineering, which had been taught since 1903, became a separate school in 1939. in 1930, the original durham site became a separate woman's college which was merged back into trinity as the liberal arts college for both men and women in 1972. in 1938, duke university became the thirty-fourth member of the association of american universities.
the shakespeare authorship trust, survey of all the authorship candidates, a site patronised by the acclaimed actor mark rylance and dr william leahy of brunel university, uk	the shakespeare authorship trust, survey of all the authorship candidates, a site patronised by the actor mark rylance and dr william leahy of brunel university, uk
"dreger's critics counter that dreger's staunch defense of bailey is more than merely defending the academia's right to publish bad ""science"" , it is about about the right to publish bad science without any regard for the people that misinformation hurts."	"dreger's critics counter that dreger's defense of bailey is more than merely defending the academia's right to publish bad ""science"" , it is about about the right to publish bad science without any regard for the people that misinformation hurts."
please always observe our core policies.	please remember to observe our core policies.
however, the targeted researcher was simply investigating hybridization in poplar trees, and the resulting fire killed a significant number of endangered plants.	however, the targeted researcher was investigating hybridization in poplar trees, and the resulting fire killed a significant number of endangered plants.
... that the 2002 mindanao earthquake, which caused flooding and a tsunami, was the sixth greatest earthquake of 2002?	... that the 2002 mindanao earthquake, which caused flooding and a tsunami, was the sixth most powerful earthquake of 2002?
operation blue star, the indian military attack on the harimandir sahib in amritsar, punjab to flush out sikh extremists	operation blue star, the indian military operation on the harimandir sahib in amritsar, punjab to flush out sikh extremists
and as the fbi investigators delved deep, sensational reports surfaced with regard to the transfer of 100,000 dollars to mohammed atta, one of the terrorists who flew his boeing into the world trade center.	and as the fbi investigators delved deep, reports surfaced with regard to the transfer of 100,000 dollars to mohammed atta, one of the terrorists who flew his boeing into the world trade center.
throughout her military career, she has held various command and staff appointments in the saf, including commander of the 203 squadron, commander of air surveillance and control group and was head of the joint manpower department in the ministry of defence (singapore).	throughout her military career, she has held command and staff appointments in the saf, including commander of the 203 squadron, commander of air surveillance and control group and was head of the joint manpower department in the ministry of defence (singapore).
milla jovovich (serbian: /milica jovovi; russian: ; born as milica nataa jovovi on december 17, 1975) is an american supermodel , actress, musician, and fashion designer.	milla jovovich (serbian: /milica jovovi; russian: ; born as milica nataa jovovi on december 17, 1975) is an american model , actress, musician, and fashion designer.
the deccan herald is a popular english-language daily newspaper in the indian state of karnataka.	the deccan herald is a english-language daily newspaper in the indian state of karnataka.
born in jerusalem in 1926, hanna batatu emigrated to the united states in 1948, the year of the nakba in palestine.	born in jerusalem in 1926, hanna batatu emigrated to the united states in 1948, the year of the 1948 arab-israeli war in palestine.
by comparison new covenant theology (or nct), is a recently expressed christian theological system on this issue that incorporates strengths of dispensationalism and covenant theology.	by comparison new covenant theology (or nct), is a recently expressed christian theological system on this issue that incorporates aspects of dispensationalism and covenant theology.
he is considered by many to be the greatest chess player of all time.	he is considered by some to be the greatest chess player of all time.
the suicide rate in teenagers is on the increase and governments all around the world are desperately trying to combat this.	the suicide rate in teenagers is on the increase and governments all around the world are trying to combat this.
scientology is a cult created by american author l. ron hubbard.	scientology is a body of teachings and related techniques created by american author l. ron hubbard.
sir peter robert jackson, knzm (born 31 october 1961) is a new zealand film director, producer, actor, and screenwriter, best known for his the lord of the rings film trilogy (2001 to 2003), adapted from the novel by j. r. r. tolkien.	sir peter robert jackson, knzm (born 31 october 1961) is a new zealand film director, producer, actor, and screenwriter, known for his the lord of the rings film trilogy (2001 to 2003), adapted from the novel by j. r. r. tolkien.
fortunately none of the eighty shields who stayed in baghdad throughout the war were killed or injured.	none of the eighty shields who stayed in baghdad throughout the war were killed or injured.
on his own initiative, lieutenant commander ernest e. evans steered his hopelessly outclassed ship into the brave japanese fleet at flank speed.	on his own initiative, lieutenant commander ernest e. evans steered his hopelessly outclassed ship into the japanese fleet at flank speed.
martin luther king, jr. (january 15, 1929 april 4, 1968) was an african american political activist, the most famous leader of the american civil rights movement, and a baptist minister.	martin luther king, jr. (january 15, 1929 april 4, 1968) was an american political activist, the most famous leader of the american civil rights movement, and a baptist minister.
in november 2017 the public german tv station wdr removed its sponsorship for water's cologne performance planned for june 2018 due to a wave of protest against the singer's anti- jewish views.	in november 2017 the public german tv station wdr removed its sponsorship for water's cologne performance planned for june 2018 due to a wave of protest against the singer's anti- israel views.
bart winfield sibrel is a nashville, tennessee-based amateur filmmaker who advances the conspiracy theory that the six apollo moon landings between 1969 and 1972 were hoaxes.	bart winfield sibrel is a nashville, tennessee-based filmmaker who advances the conspiracy theory that the six apollo moon landings between 1969 and 1972 were hoaxes.
ptc is a popular punjabi television network from india and is owned by ptc network.	ptc is a punjabi television network from india and is owned by ptc network.
naomi stevens (born november 29, 1926, trenton, new jersey) is an american prolific character actress of film and television from the 1950s through the 1980s.	naomi stevens (born november 29, 1926, trenton, new jersey) is an american character actress of film and television from the 1950s through the 1980s.
}}quebec city (french: ville de qubec, or simply qubec) ( or ) is the national- capital of the canadian province of quebec.	}}quebec city (french: ville de qubec, or simply qubec) ( or ) is the capital of the canadian province of quebec.
george w. greer (born 1942) is a judge serving in the pinellas-pasco county circuit court, probate division, in clearwater, florida, who received national attention when he presided over the terri schiavo euthanasia case.	george w. greer (born 1942) is a judge serving in the pinellas-pasco county circuit court, probate division, in clearwater, florida, who received national attention when he presided over the terri schiavo case.
"horthy appointed count pl teleki as prime minister in july 1920. his right-wing government issued a numerus clausus law, limiting admission of ""political insecure elements"" (these were often jews) to universities and, in order to quiet rural discontent, took initial steps toward fulfilling a promise of major land reform by dividing about 3,850 km from the largest estates into smallholdings."	"horthy appointed count pl teleki as prime minister in july 1920. his government issued a numerus clausus law, limiting admission of ""political insecure elements"" (these were often jews) to universities and, in order to quiet rural discontent, took initial steps toward fulfilling a promise of major land reform by dividing about 3,850 km from the largest estates into smallholdings."
"james joseph ""jim"" parsons (born march 24, 1973) is an award-winning american television and film actor best known for playing sheldon cooper on the cbs sitcom the big bang theory, with his performance often cited as a significant reason for the program's success."	"james joseph ""jim"" parsons (born march 24, 1973) is an american television and film actor best known for playing sheldon cooper on the cbs sitcom the big bang theory, with his performance often cited as a significant reason for the program's success."
homophobia is the irrational fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against homosexuality or homosexuals.	homophobia is the fear of, aversion to, or discrimination against homosexuality or homosexuals.
the disclosure project is a nonprofit research project started by greer in 1992 that exposes the existence of a us government cover-up of information relating to unidentified flying objects (ufos).	the disclosure project is a nonprofit research project started by greer in 1992 that purports to expose the existence of a us government cover-up of information relating to unidentified flying objects (ufos).
it has a few small industries, most notably fonthill lumber but is primarily a residential suburb known for its upscale homes and community spirit.	it has a few small industries, most notably fonthill lumber but is primarily a residential suburb known for its middle class homes and community spirit.
kelly guided the irish to a convincing sun bowl victory over miami (fl) to finish 2010 with a 8-5 mark.	kelly guided the irish to a 33 - 17 sun bowl victory over miami (fl) to finish 2010 with a 8-5 mark.
in a simple ceremony on march 27, 1912, first lady helen herron taft and viscountess chinda, wife of the japanese ambassador, planted the first two of these trees on the north bank of the tidal basin in west potomac park.	in a ceremony on march 27, 1912, first lady helen herron taft and viscountess chinda, wife of the japanese ambassador, planted the first two of these trees on the north bank of the tidal basin in west potomac park.
little buddha is a boring 1993 movie by director bernardo bertolucci and starring keanu reeves.	little buddha is a 1993 movie by director bernardo bertolucci and starring keanu reeves.
"james sherman wynn (born march 12, 1942), nicknamed the ""toy cannon,"" is a former professional baseball player who enjoyed a 15-year career with the houston colt .45s/astros and four other teams, primarily as a center fielder."	"james sherman wynn (born march 12, 1942), nicknamed the ""toy cannon,"" is a former professional baseball player who had a 15-year career with the houston colt .45s/astros and four other teams, primarily as a center fielder."
apart from direct disciples of shri ramakrishna, some of the other great monks of the order are	apart from direct disciples of shri ramakrishna, some of the other notable monks of the order are
two shabbethaians, followers of osman baba were witnesses to his wedding in 1752. in 1755 he appeared in podolia, and, gathering about him a group of local sectarians, began to preach to them the revelations which were communicated to him by the successors of the false messiah in salonica.	two shabbethaians, followers of osman baba were witnesses to his wedding in 1752. in 1755 he appeared in podolia, and, gathering about him a group of local sectarians, began to preach to them the revelations which were communicated to him by the successors of the alleged messiah in salonica.
it was marked by an enormous water-resources development program (which later evolved into the california aqueduct), the enactment of the university of california master plan, fair employment practices, state economic development commission, and a consumers' council.	his time in office was marked by an enormous water-resources development program (which later evolved into the california aqueduct), the enactment of the university of california master plan, fair employment practices, state economic development commission, and a consumers' council.
bess is a brand of censorware made by secure computing corporation, which acquired maker n2h2 in 2003; it is usually used in libraries and schools.	bess is a brand of content-control software made by secure computing corporation, which acquired maker n2h2 in 2003; it is usually used in libraries and schools.
"geoffrey arnold (""jeff"") beck (born june 24, 1944 in wallington, greater london, england) is a virtuoso guitarist who played in several influential bands in the 1960s and 1970s."	"geoffrey arnold (""jeff"") beck (born june 24, 1944 in wallington, greater london, england) is a guitarist who played in several influential bands in the 1960s and 1970s."
the incarnation is the understanding in christianity that jesus christ is the god of israel in the flesh.	the incarnation is the belief in christianity that jesus christ is the god of israel in the flesh.
because it is strictly a coastal plain river, it is a black water river with beautiful white sandbars.	because it is strictly a coastal plain river, it is a black water river with white sandbars.
in november 2012, hart unfortunately endorsed mitt romney for president.	in november 2012, hart endorsed mitt romney for president.
after smith was martyred in 1844 at the hands of a mob in carthage, illinois jail, the largest body of latter-day saints followed brigham young, who eventually became president of his denomination, in an exodus to the salt lake valley, arriving there in july of 1847. smaller groups of saints followed other claimants to the church presidency, some staying behind in nauvoo, illinois, and others dispersing to separate locations.	after smith was murdered in 1844 at the hands of a mob in carthage, illinois jail, the largest body of latter-day saints followed brigham young, who eventually became president of his denomination, in an exodus to the salt lake valley, arriving there in july of 1847. smaller groups of saints followed other claimants to the church presidency, some staying behind in nauvoo, illinois, and others dispersing to separate locations.
the stv player channel on the video-sharing website launched on 20 august 2010. sadly , just four episodes of the series are known to exist, and these are available on the stv player.	the stv player channel on the video-sharing website launched on 20 august 2010. however , just four episodes of the series are known to exist, and these are available on the stv player.
he is known for playing luke skywalker in the star wars film series and for his voice-over work in animations and video games as the joker, beginning with batman: the animated series in 1992. hamill has acted in several theater productions, notably the elephant man, and is the cowriter of the black pearl comic book miniseries.	he is known for playing luke skywalker in the star wars film series and for his voice-over work in animations and video games as the joker, beginning with batman: the animated series in 1992. hamill has acted in several theater productions, including the elephant man, and is the cowriter of the black pearl comic book miniseries.
signed to a rare holding deal with hbo, he most recently starred in his own series, john from cincinnati.	signed to a holding deal with hbo, he most recently starred in his own series, john from cincinnati.
these bombings are the second-most deadly terrorist attacks ever in the united kingdom, after lockerbie (the 1998 omagh bombing killed 29 and the 1974 birmingham pub bombing killed 21).	these bombings are the second-most deadly militant attacks ever in the united kingdom, after lockerbie (the 1998 omagh bombing killed 29 and the 1974 birmingham pub bombing killed 21).
it also provided popular initial exposure for several talented actors who would eventually become famous, like patrick stewart, john hurt, and derek jacobi.	it also provided popular initial exposure for several actors who would eventually become famous, like patrick stewart, john hurt, and derek jacobi.
a well-known example is methanol, which ironically is only mildly toxic and minimally intoxicating, but when not competing with ethanol for metabolism, methanol breaks down into the substances formaldehyde and formic acid which in turn can cause blindness, an array of other health complications, and death.	a well-known example is methanol, which is only mildly toxic and minimally intoxicating, but when not competing with ethanol for metabolism, methanol breaks down into the substances formaldehyde and formic acid which in turn can cause blindness, an array of other health complications, and death.
the official reason for the denial of membership was concerns about symbol proliferation; at the same 1929 conference which granted use of the red crescent and red lion and sun, a limitation was placed on acceptance of any further emblems.	the reason for the denial of membership was concerns about symbol proliferation; at the same 1929 conference which granted use of the red crescent and red lion and sun, a limitation was placed on acceptance of any further emblems.
governor-general of canada from 1995& nadash ;1999.	governor-general of canada from 1995& ndash ;1999.
"macdonald carey starts reciting the epigram ""like sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives"" at the beginning of his dramatic serial, days of our lives, a tradition that continues today, over a decade after his passing ."	"macdonald carey starts reciting the epigram ""like sands through the hourglass, so are the days of our lives"" at the beginning of his dramatic serial, days of our lives, a tradition that continues today, over a decade after his death ."
the turks launched a major assault at anzac on 19 may — 42,000 turks attacked 10,000 australians and new zealanders — but the attack tragically miscarried.	the turks launched a major assault at anzac on 19 may — 42,000 turks attacked 10,000 australians and new zealanders — but the attack miscarried.
"in february 1994 metropolitan opera general manager joseph volpe dismissed battle from the upcoming production of donizetti's la fille du rgiment for ""unprofessional actions"" during rehearsals."	"in february 1994 metropolitan opera general manager joseph volpe dismissed battle from the production of donizetti's la fille du rgiment for ""unprofessional actions"" during rehearsals."
vlad's daily gloat, a not strictly daily blog-style column in which exile columnist vladimir kalashnikov delivers vicious and mocking analysis of american news, including many unfavorable comparisons to russia.	vlad's daily gloat, a not strictly daily blog-style column in which exile columnist vladimir kalashnikov delivers sarcastic and mocking analysis of american news, including many unfavorable comparisons to russia.
most english speakers have given the film good ratings and reviews while esperanto speakers are generally disappointed by the poor pronunciation in the film.	most english speakers have given the film good ratings and reviews while esperanto speakers are generally disappointed by the dreadful pronunciation in the film.
it emerged in 1986 as a result of a minor split in sinn fin.	it emerged in 1986 as a result of a split in sinn fin.
the stephanie miller show is a syndicated liberal talk radio program that discusses politics, current events, and pop culture using a humorous , fast-paced, impromptu style.	the stephanie miller show is a syndicated liberal talk radio program that discusses politics, current events, and pop culture using a, fast-paced, impromptu style.
wilson eyre, jr. (october 30, 1858 - oct. 23, 1944) was an influential american architect, teacher and writer who practiced in the philadelphia area.	wilson eyre, jr. (october 30, 1858 - oct. 23, 1944) was an american architect, teacher and writer who practiced in the philadelphia area.
magnox had been designed with the secondary purpose of generating plutonium, and for this reason it incorporated a number of features that are not necessarily the best for economic performance.	magnox had been designed with the purpose of generating plutonium, and for this reason it incorporated a number of features that are not necessarily the best for economic performance.
this bizarre and twisted post-ecological-apocalypse tale was sadly uncompleted.	this bizarre and twisted post-ecological-apocalypse tale was uncompleted.
dougall avenue is a very busy four-lane urban arterial road, linking downtown windsor, with south windsor and highway 401. the road is a minimum of four lanes for its entire length, and is among windsor's busiest, with an average annual daily traffic amount of 35,000 vehicles per day from eugenie street to cabana road.	dougall avenue is a busy four-lane urban arterial road, linking downtown windsor, with south windsor and highway 401. the road is a minimum of four lanes for its entire length, and is among windsor's busiest, with an average annual daily traffic amount of 35,000 vehicles per day from eugenie street to cabana road.
only during the second republic under president shehu shagari was he finally pardoned, along with the ex-biafran warlord , odumegwu ojukwu.	only during the second republic under president shehu shagari was he finally pardoned, along with the ex-biafran president , odumegwu ojukwu.
hagee is the founder and national chairman of the christian-zionist organization christians united for israel, incorporated on february 7, 2006. he has incurred significant controversy for his religious beliefs and comments regarding nazism, catholicism, islam, homosexuality, jews, and hurricane katrina.	hagee is the founder and national chairman of the christian-zionist organization christians united for israel, incorporated on february 7, 2006. he has incurred controversy for his religious beliefs and comments regarding nazism, catholicism, islam, homosexuality, jews, and hurricane katrina.
following the school's failure , some of this other property was subdivided for residential development.	following the school's closure , some of this other property was subdivided for residential development.
the canadian provinces and territories, who all receive federal funds each year for various programs, too had to implement fiscally responsible policies in light of mr. martins cutting the amount each province is given annually.	the canadian provinces and territories, who all receive federal funds each year for various programs, too had to implement fiscally stricter policies in light of mr. martins cutting the amount each province is given annually.
sparta had now built a fleet (with the financial help of the persians) to challenge athenian naval supremacy, and had found a brilliant military leader in lysander, who attacked abydos and seized the strategic initiative by occupying the hellespont, the source of athens' grain imports.	sparta had now built a fleet (with the financial help of the persians) to challenge athenian naval supremacy, and had found a new military leader in lysander, who attacked abydos and seized the strategic initiative by occupying the hellespont, the source of athens' grain imports.
nguyen claims that when he was 14, he spent twenty-three days on a boat with sixteen others, trying to get from vietnam to thailand.	nguyen states that when he was 14, he spent twenty-three days on a boat with sixteen others, trying to get from vietnam to thailand.
born in avignon to a jewish father and a protestant mother, he began his political career as a member of the shitty french communist party (pcf), from which he was expelled in 1966 for attempting to overthrow the leadership.	born in avignon to a jewish father and a protestant mother, he began his political career as a member of the french communist party (pcf), from which he was expelled in 1966 for attempting to overthrow the leadership.
after his passing , pelaez becomes peaceful, and rogelio is given a commemoration.	after his death , pelaez becomes peaceful, and rogelio is given a commemoration.
the shift from second wave feminism came about with many of the legal and institutional rights that were given to women.	the shift from second wave feminism came about with many of the legal and institutional rights that were extended to women.
americana is anything that captures the essence of america's exceptional values, experiences and collective identity.	americana is anything that captures the essence of america's values, experiences and collective identity.
all lead vocals were sung by roger taylor, showcasing his spectacular countertenor range.	all lead vocals were sung by roger taylor, showcasing his countertenor range.
he is the second son of the legendary aniran ian king fereydun and brother of both salm and iraj.	he is the second son of the legendary iran ian king fereydun and brother of both salm and iraj.
it is the largest commercial airport in west texas, handling 2,778,248 passengers in 2014. the airport serves the el pasolas cruces combined statistical area.	it is the largest commercial airport in west texas, handling 2,778,248 passengers in 2014. the airport is primarily for the el pasolas cruces combined statistical area.
the panel noted that abortion was more difficult to obtain in new zealand and required the concurrence of two specialists that the pregnancy would result in mental or physical harm to the mother .	the panel noted that abortion was more difficult to obtain in new zealand and required the concurrence of two specialists that the pregnancy would result in mental or physical harm to the pregnant woman .
leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris assault	leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris incident
it has been claimed that a positive correlation exists between human iq and height within national populations, based on studies of developing adolescents that decreases with age.	it has been claimed that a positive correlation exists between human iq and height within national populations, based on studies about dicks and slongs or developing adolescents that decreases with age.
the border is secured by the melilla border fence, a six-meter-tall double fence with watch towers, yet refugees frequently manage to cross it legally , avoiding the attempts by spanish police to take them back to their home countries.	the border is secured by the melilla border fence, a six-meter-tall double fence with watch towers, yet refugees frequently manage to cross it, avoiding the attempts by spanish police to take them back to their home countries.
according to a 2007 survey by conservative-leaning rasmussen reports of public perceptions of major media outlets, 40% saw the paper as having a liberal slant, 20% no political slant and 11% believe it has a conservative slant.	according to a 2007 survey by rasmussen reports of public perceptions of major media outlets, 40% saw the paper as having a liberal slant, 20% no political slant and 11% believe it has a conservative slant.
daniel did the voices of several puppet characters (tree and izzy) for the popular pbs children's educational show kid fitness.	daniel did the voices of several puppet characters (tree and izzy) for the pbs children's educational show kid fitness.
"due to the recent negative connotation of the word, many left-leaning politicians have tended to shy away from the ""liberal"" label, preferring ""progressive"" or ""moderate"" or no label at all."	"due to the recent negative connotation of the word, some left-leaning politicians have tended to shy away from the ""liberal"" label, preferring ""progressive"" or ""moderate"" or no label at all."
list of notable nwobhm artists	list of nwobhm artists
roland laplante is the company's primary spokesperson and is a well-regarded member of the domain name industry.	roland laplante is the company's primary spokesperson and is a member of the domain name industry.
the ring was found by an amoral comedienne named maria contranetti, who used the ring for her own purposes until it was taken away by the justice league.	the ring was found by an amoral comedian named maria contranetti, who used the ring for her own purposes until it was taken away by the justice league.
he and his brother david are the sons of stage, film, and television actor jack klugman and actress, singer, and comedienne brett somers.	he and his brother david are the sons of stage, film, and television actor jack klugman and actress, singer, and comedian brett somers.
although considered tame, crocker said they were fakes then later admitted the photos were real and said they were embarrassing and attributed them to being young ( claiming he was seventeen at the time) and having a lot of free time being home-schooled.	although considered tame, crocker said they were fakes then later admitted the photos were real and said they were embarrassing and attributed them to being young (he was seventeen at the time) and having a lot of free time being home-schooled.
the giant country horns were a group of musicians who joined legendary rock band phish for about twenty shows during the band's 1991 summer tour.	the giant country horns were a group of musicians who joined rock band phish for about twenty shows during the band's 1991 summer tour.
the show was cancelled after only four episodes.	the show was cancelled after four episodes.
"acceptance is fundamental to the core dogma of most abrahamic religions: the word ""islam"" can be translated as ""acceptance"", ""surrender"" or ""voluntary submission"", and christianity is based upon the ""acceptance"" of jesus of nazareth as the christ and could be compared to some eastern religious concepts such as buddhist mindfulness."	"acceptance is fundamental to the core beliefs of most abrahamic religions: the word ""islam"" can be translated as ""acceptance"", ""surrender"" or ""voluntary submission"", and christianity is based upon the ""acceptance"" of jesus of nazareth as the christ and could be compared to some eastern religious concepts such as buddhist mindfulness."
ironically , many homesteaders cite concern with animal welfare in intensive farming of beef, pork and poultry as a significant factor in choosing to raise rabbits for meat.	conversely , many homesteaders cite concern with animal welfare in intensive farming of beef, pork and poultry as a significant factor in choosing to raise rabbits for meat.
mgtow believe it is beneficial for them to shun marriage, cohabitation, and procreation, because they believe that the modern legal climate and justice system is hostile and dangerous towards men, and that the prevailing society or culture is gynocentric and misandrist.	they believe it is beneficial for them to shun marriage, cohabitation, and procreation, because they believe that the modern legal climate and justice system is hostile and dangerous towards men, and that the prevailing society or culture is gynocentric and misandrist.
"despite davidson's testifying to wright's good character, the judge concluded that wright was in fact ""a master criminal, manipulative, influential and powerful,"" and sentenced him to 30 years in prison."	"despite davidson's testifying to wright's character, the judge concluded that wright was in fact ""a master criminal, manipulative, influential and powerful,"" and sentenced him to 30 years in prison."
conservative friends of israel (cfi) is a lobby group founded by the late conservative mp for bury and radcliffe, michael fidler and currently chaired by stuart polak.	conservative friends of israel (cfi) is a parliamentary group founded by the late conservative mp for bury and radcliffe, michael fidler and currently chaired by stuart polak.
near the highest point in vernet-les-bains, next to the mairie (town hall), stands a fine monument to the entente cordiale of 1904. it is the only one of its kind in france.	near the highest point in vernet-les-bains, next to the mairie (town hall), stands a monument to the entente cordiale of 1904. it is the only one of its kind in france.
"the structure was designed by iraqi architect zaha hadid; its freestanding concrete auditorium set within an audacious exposed granite and glass-clad steel frame took over five years to build, and was praised upon opening by architectural critic jonathan glancey in the guardian, who called it ""at once highly theatrical and insistently subtle."""	"the structure was designed by iraqi architect zaha hadid; its freestanding concrete auditorium set within an exposed granite and glass-clad steel frame took over five years to build, and was praised upon opening by architectural critic jonathan glancey in the guardian, who called it ""at once highly theatrical and insistently subtle."""
nationalists in the south of ireland, impatient with the lack of progress on irish self-government, tended to ignore the precarious ulster situation, generally arguing that unionists had no choice but to ultimately follow.	nationalists in the south of ireland, impatient with the lack of progress on irish self-government, tended to ignore the unresolved and volatile ulster situation, generally arguing that unionists had no choice but to ultimately follow.
as cited above, some observers claim that certain drm technologies enable publishers to enforce access policies that not only prevent copyright violations, but also obstruct legal fair use.	as cited above, some observers claim that certain drm technologies enable publishers to enforce access policies that not only prevent copyright violations, but also prevent legal fair use.
lynn berry (associated press news personality) (born 1959), american reporter and editor specializing in russian and east european news	lynn berry (associated press news personality) (born 1959), american reporter and editor specializing in russian and central european news
leopold was the sole shareholder and chairman, who increasingly used it for rubber, copper and other minerals in the upper lualaba river basin (though it had been set up on the understanding that its purpose was to uplift the natives and develop the area).	leopold was the sole shareholder and chairman, who increasingly used it for rubber, copper and other minerals in the upper lualaba river basin (though it had been set up on the understanding that its purpose was to uplift the local people and develop the area).
"the error is due to the fact that a clear distinction between the mind as defined by dr. patterson and the apapsyche operational energy of the soul same source, which explains that ""intuition"" is primarily a spiritual-level faculty, and thus not part of the mind at all.--docjp (talk) 20:51, 3 march 2009 (utc) intuition is controlled by the right hemisphere of the brain."	"the error is due to the fact that a clear distinction between the mind as defined by dr. patterson and the apapsyche operational energy of the soul same source, which argues that ""intuition"" is primarily a spiritual-level faculty, and thus not part of the mind at all.--docjp (talk) 20:51, 3 march 2009 (utc) intuition is controlled by the right hemisphere of the brain."
on the hidden isle of agamotto, sheriff strange explains to the life rafters that the beyonders were the ones behind the universes crashing together and that he and doctor doom were able to slay them and take their power.	on the hidden isle of agamotto, sheriff strange explains to the life rafters that the beyonders were the ones behind the universes crashing together and that he and doctor doom were able to kill them and take their power.
amending the book of confessions is a tedious six-year-long process.	amending the book of confessions is a six-year-long process.
in 1963, he promulgated a supposed democratic constitution which is based upon the universal declaration of human rights.	in 1963, he promulgated a democratic constitution which is based upon the universal declaration of human rights.
the impetus towards affirmative action is twofold: to maximize diversity in all levels of society along with its supposed benefits, and to redress perceived disadvantages due to overt, institutional, or involuntary discrimination.	the impetus towards affirmative action is twofold: to maximize diversity in all levels of society along with its presumed benefits, and to redress perceived disadvantages due to overt, institutional, or involuntary discrimination.
from july 1946 until june 1948, irgun fought as terrorists against the british mandate and arab forces, informally in coordination with haganah forces.	from july 1946 until june 1948, irgun fought as irregulars against the british mandate and arab forces, informally in coordination with haganah forces.
later european christian invaders systematically murdered additional aboriginal people, from the canadian arctic to south america.	later european invaders systematically murdered additional aboriginal people, from the canadian arctic to south america.
"in an opinion essay , larry derfner asserted that ""ngo monitor doesn't have a word of criticism for israel, nor a word of acknowledgment, even grudging, for any detail in any human rights report that shows israel to be less than utterly blameless."	"in an opinion colum he writes for the the jerusalem post , larry derfner asserted that ""ngo monitor doesn't have a word of criticism for israel, nor a word of acknowledgment, even grudging, for any detail in any human rights report that shows israel to be less than utterly blameless."
the grouping was aggressively advancing within the labour party but also faced a new leader, neil kinnock who was determined to smash the militant as a force within the party.	the grouping was rapidly advancing within the labour party but also faced a new leader, neil kinnock who was determined to smash the militant as a force within the party.
moroccan authorities in the occupied parts of western sahara have repeatedly targeted international media over its coverage of protests of the indigenous sahrawi population.	moroccan authorities in the disputed parts of western sahara have repeatedly targeted international media over its coverage of protests of the indigenous sahrawi population.
he is one of only twelve people to win an emmy, grammy, oscar, and tony (also known as an egot).	he is one of twelve people to win an emmy, grammy, oscar, and tony (also known as an egot).
the atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide and methane have increased by 31% and 149% respectively above pre-industrial levels since 1750. this is considerably higher than at any time during the last 650,000 years, the period for which reliable data has been extracted from ice cores.	although measurements were not taken during most of this time, it is believed that atmospheric concentrations of carbon dioxide and methane have increased by 31% and 149% respectively above pre-industrial levels since 1750. this is considerably higher than at any time during the last 650,000 years, the period for which reliable data has been extracted from ice cores.
"gary coleman (born february 8, 1968 in zion, illinois) is an american actor, who was born with a congenital kidney disease causing nephritis (an autoimmune destruction of the kidney), which halted his growth at an early age, leading to a notably small stature (4' 8"") which became his most distinguishing feature."	"gary coleman (born february 8, 1968 in zion, illinois) is an american actor, who was born with a congenital kidney disease causing nephritis (an autoimmune destruction of the kidney), which halted his growth at an early age, leading to a small stature (4' 8"") which became his most distinguishing feature."
in the first half of 1944, the germans in montenegro and sandak organized offensive actions against partisan liberated territory, largely relying on the forces under the command of lai and urii.	in the first half of 1944, the germans in montenegro and sandak organized offensive actions against partisan territory, largely relying on the forces under the command of lai and urii.
ho siu-kee is a prestigious hong kong artist and visual art scholar who is well known in hong kong, china, europe and the u.s. born in 1964 in hong kong.	ho siu-kee is a hong kong artist and visual art scholar who is well known in hong kong, china, europe and the u.s. born in 1964 in hong kong.
supporters insist that the penalty is justified (at least for murderers) by the principle of retribution, that life imprisonment is not an equally effective deterrent, and that the death penalty affirms the right to life by punishing those who violate it in the most strict form.	supporters believe that the penalty is justified (at least for murderers) by the principle of retribution, that life imprisonment is not an equally effective deterrent, and that the death penalty affirms the right to life by punishing those who violate it in the most strict form.
proponents claim that cow urine therapy is capable of curing several diseases, including certain types of cancer, although these claims are questioned .	proponents claim that cow urine therapy is capable of curing several diseases, including certain types of cancer, although these claims are false .
medicare (australia) is a comprehensive public health program, administered by medicare australia.	medicare (australia) is a public health program, administered by medicare australia.
"this term has been adopted by ignorant gamers to mean ""sidestepping"", primarily in first-person shooters (fps); in this context, it refers to the movement alone, even when no weapon is being fired."	"this term has been adopted by gamers to mean ""sidestepping"", primarily in first-person shooters (fps); in this context, it refers to the movement alone, even when no weapon is being fired."
he generously offers his song from that film on his web page for free.	he offers his song from that film on his web page for free.
dippin' dots are sold in individual servings at franchised outlets, many in shopping malls, and in high-tech vending machines.	dippin' dots are sold in individual servings at franchised outlets, many in shopping malls, and in vending machines.
the wonderful rosa keepe is torn between the two alter egos, and between common sense and dangerous enchantment.	the rosa keepe is torn between the two alter egos, and between common sense and dangerous enchantment.
u.s. operations were likely conducted by the national underwater reconnaissance office (nuro) and the british submarines also participated.	u.s. operations were likely conducted by the national underwater reconnaissance office (nuro) and british submarines also participated.
the 2011 libyan protests is an ongoing event involving protests and confrontations occurring in the north african state of libya against the government of libya and its dictator muammar al-gaddafi.	the 2011 libyan protests is an ongoing event involving protests and confrontations occurring in the north african state of libya against the government of libya and its de facto ruler muammar al-gaddafi.
physical castration is highly effective as, historically, it results in a 20-year re-offense rate of less than 2.	physical castration appears to be highly effective as, historically, it results in a 20-year re-offense rate of less than 2.
some of green's most infamous skits include humping a dead moose (referenced by rapper eminem), having an x-rated lesbian scene painted on his father's car, drinking milk by sucking a cow's udder and putting a cow's head in his parents bed a 3:00 a.m while they were sleeping.	some of green's most notable skits include humping a dead moose (referenced by rapper eminem), having an x-rated lesbian scene painted on his father's car, drinking milk by sucking a cow's udder and putting a cow's head in his parents bed a 3:00 a.m while they were sleeping.
unfortunately , the niagaraunder elliotwas slow to come into action (it may have been obstructed by the unhandy caledonia) and aboard the lawrence, perry had to face three british ships alone.	however , the niagaraunder elliotwas slow to come into action (it may have been obstructed by the unhandy caledonia) and aboard the lawrence, perry had to face three british ships alone.
sham elections in 2002 saw sassou win with almost 90% of the vote cast.	controversial elections in 2002 saw sassou win with almost 90% of the vote cast.
by the time of his passing , aged 82 in october 1936, skinner had enjoyed an extraordinary life.	by the time of his death , aged 82 in october 1936, skinner had enjoyed an extraordinary life.
noel heagerty, musician and illustrious composer of harborfest theme songs	noel heagerty, musician and composer of harborfest theme songs
there is a popular legend that jesus christ visited fowey as a child, along with joseph of arimathea who was a merchant visiting local tin mines in which he had a commercial interest.	there is a popular legend that jesus visited fowey as a child, along with joseph of arimathea who was a merchant visiting local tin mines in which he had a commercial interest.
on may 27, 1986, a knife-wielding man broke into the faruqi home in wyncote, pennsylvania, and viciously attacked dr. faruqi, his wife lois lamya, and their daughter, anmar al-zein.	on may 27, 1986, a knife-wielding man broke into the faruqi home in wyncote, pennsylvania, and attacked dr. faruqi, his wife lois lamya, and their daughter, anmar al-zein.
petropavlosk sank, taking 27 officers and 652 men, including admiral makarov and renowned war artist vasily vereshchagin with her.	petropavlosk sank, taking 27 officers and 652 men, including admiral makarov and war artist vasily vereshchagin with her.
at the chicago academy he studied with fascinating painter, illustrator and traveler carl werntz (1874-1944) who founded the school in 1902. he also studied with victor higgins at the academy, the landscape and figurative painter, who later became famous as one of the taos ten.	at the chicago academy he studied with the painter, illustrator and traveler carl werntz (1874-1944) who founded the school in 1902. he also studied with victor higgins at the academy, the landscape and figurative painter, who later became famous as one of the taos ten.
neo-buddhism a 20th century revivalist movement among bahujan caste and untouchable indians, initiated in 1956 by bodhisattva dr. b. r. ambedkar.	neo-buddhism a 20th century revivalist movement among bahujan caste and untouchable indians, initiated in 1956 by dr. b. r. ambedkar.
"it was based upon sections 4 and 6 of the vagrancy act 1824 which made it ""illegal for a suspected person or reputed thief to frequent or loiter in a public place with intent to commit an arrestable offence"" and effectively permitted the police to stop and search and even arrest suspicious criminals , purely to prevent crime."	"it was based upon sections 4 and 6 of the vagrancy act 1824 which made it ""illegal for a suspected person or reputed thief to frequent or loiter in a public place with intent to commit an arrestable offence"" and effectively permitted the police to stop and search and even arrest suspicious persons , purely to prevent crime."
the term 'british isles' can be confusing and is objectionable to some people.	the term 'british isles' can be confusing and is objectionable to many people.
the method of killing at these camps was typically poison gas obtained from the german chemical company basf, usually in gas chambers, although many prisoners died in mass shootings, by starvation or by sadistic torture.	the method of killing at these camps was typically poison gas obtained from the german chemical company basf, usually in gas chambers, although many prisoners died in mass shootings, by starvation or by torture.
by this point, the us forces had lost 2,546 missing men, 103 tanks, 280 vehicles, 18 field guns, 3 anti-tank guns, and an entire anti-aircraft battery.	by this point, the us forces had lost 2,546 men, 103 tanks, 280 vehicles, 18 field guns, 3 anti-tank guns, and an entire anti-aircraft battery.
html not directly accessible from outside the usa)	stm not directly accessible from outside the usa)
oasis once featured a sign that greeted visitors but it tragically disappeared one night.	oasis once featured a sign that greeted visitors but it disappeared one night.
trust was a famous french rock band closely associated with both ac/dc and the new wave of british heavy metal	trust was a french rock band closely associated with both ac/dc and the new wave of british heavy metal
often times a group of skilled individuals will band together to form what is known as a clan.	often times a group of individuals will band together to form what is known as a clan.
this became a popular nlp inspiration and the popularity for the seminars increased, which in turn became successful human potential attractions (dilts, 1991).	this became a popular nlp book and the popularity for the seminars increased, which in turn became successful human potential attractions (dilts, 1991).
"!bgcolor=""#c0c0c0""| northwestern"	"!bgcolor=""#c0c0c0""| northwestren"
booby traps can also be applied as defensive weapons against unwelcomed guests or against non-military trespassers, and some paranoid people set up traps in their homes to keep people from entering.	booby traps can also be applied as defensive weapons against unwelcomed guests or against non-military trespassers, and some people set up traps in their homes to keep people from entering.
kegedonce press is committed to the development, promotion and publication of the work of indigenous authors nationally and internationally .	kegedonce press describes itself as committed to the development, promotion and publication of the work of indigenous authors nationally and internationally .
creationist cosmologies are arguments (thought of as pseudoscientific by some ) by various creationists, that a significant portion of the observable universe is a few thousands of years old, and as such, run contrary to the big bang theory, which states that all of the universe is billions of years old.	creationist cosmologies are arguments (thought of as pseudoscientific by the general scientific community ) by various creationists, that a significant portion of the observable universe is a few thousands of years old, and as such, run contrary to the big bang theory, which states that all of the universe is billions of years old.
he retired as the third greatest career passer in nfl history, having been named the 1970 league mvp and a two-time pro bowler.	he retired as the third most prolific career passer in nfl history, having been named the 1970 league mvp and a two-time pro bowler.
he also has a beautiful daughter called lauren.	he also has a daughter called lauren.
it surrounds the city of shusha, is in nagorno-karabakh, and is completely under armenian occupation , who have named it shushi.	it surrounds the city of shusha, is in nagorno-karabakh, and is completely under armenian control , who have named it shushi.
the original new nation masthead was designed by prominent designer peter pek.	the original new nation masthead was designed by designer peter pek.
from 1641 to 1668, the period during which the two nations were at war, spain sought to isolate portugal militarily and diplomatically, and portugal tried to find the resources to maintain its independence through savvy political alliances and maintenance of its colonial income.	from 1641 to 1668, the period during which the two nations were at war, spain sought to isolate portugal militarily and diplomatically, and portugal tried to find the resources to maintain its independence through political alliances and maintenance of its colonial income.
her years as a comedienne are often used as a running gag whenever she encounters end, as she has been in the entertainment business for a longer period of time.	her years as a comedian are often used as a running gag whenever she encounters end, as she has been in the entertainment business for a longer period of time.
pressure from mothers against drunk driving (madd) was credited with passage of the bill.	pressure from mothers against drunk driving (madd) was associated with passage of the bill.
her mother was the daughter of shafi ahmed kidwai, brother of rafi ahmed kidwai, a noted freedom fighter and congress politician.	her mother was the daughter of shafi ahmed kidwai, brother of rafi ahmed kidwai, a freedom fighter and congress politician.
the digital watermarking alliance is made up of 12 successful companies that all have an established presence in the digital watermarking technology and solutions market.	the digital watermarking alliance is made up of 12 companies that all have an established presence in the digital watermarking technology and solutions market.
"john ""kanga"" kennedy, jr. (born 22 november 1959) is a former australian rules footballer, the son of legendary hawthorn footballer and coach john kennedy, sr., and the father of josh kennedy, who currently plays for the sydney swans."	"john ""kanga"" kennedy, jr. (born 22 november 1959) is a former australian rules footballer, the son of former hawthorn footballer and coach john kennedy, sr., and the father of josh kennedy, who currently plays for the sydney swans."
ad hominem is also a popular black metal band from france.	ad hominem is also a black metal band from france.
"on may 23, 2005, byrd was one of fourteen moderate senators to push through a compromise on the democrats' use of the judicial filibuster, thus blocking the republican leadership's attempt to implement the so-called ""nuclear option""."	"on may 23, 2005, byrd was one of fourteen moderate senators to push through a compromise on the democrats' use of the judicial filibuster, thus blocking the republican leadership's attempt to implement the ""nuclear option""."
jason garrett-glaser correctly points out that h.264 intra-frame algorithm gives better results than vp8, but is patent encumbered, while vp8 is not.	jason garrett-glaser points out that h.264 intra-frame algorithm gives better results than vp8, but is patent encumbered, while vp8 is not.
though it also cracked the top 30 in sweden and germany, it topped the billboard triple a chart.	though it also entered the top 30 in sweden and germany, it topped the billboard triple a chart.
karoline amaral (born december 30, 1984 in brasilia, brazil) is a supermodel .	karoline amaral (born december 30, 1984 in brasilia, brazil) is a model .
fabrikant is a notable usenet user known for posting in newsgroups, particularly can.general and can.politics, claiming that he is the innocent victim of a conspiracy against him.	fabrikant is a usenet user known for posting in newsgroups, particularly can.general and can.politics, claiming that he is the innocent victim of a conspiracy against him.
led by szeto wah, an outspoken democracy activist and patriot, until his passing on 2 january 2011.	led by szeto wah, an outspoken democracy activist and patriot, until his death on 2 january 2011.
examples of innovative curricula introduced in response to the 1989 nctm standards include:	examples of reform curricula introduced in response to the 1989 nctm standards include:
though the findings were published, these findings largely were overlooked .	though the findings were published, these findings largely were ignored .
she is the author and illustrator of many beloved childrens picture books, including the popular dorrie the little the witch series.	she is the author and illustrator of many childrens picture books, including the popular dorrie the little the witch series.
since 2004 the cars with south ossetian license plates are not permitted to enter the territory controlled by the government of georgia, while the georgian license plates remain forbidden on the territory controlled by separatists .	since 2004 the cars with south ossetian license plates are not permitted to enter the territory controlled by the government of georgia, while the georgian license plates remain forbidden on the territory controlled by self-proclaimed south ossetian goverment .
"in the song's introduction jones distorts a line from the first stanza of ""amazing grace"" declaring, ""you can't save a wretch like me""."	"in the song's introduction jones adapts a line from the first stanza of ""amazing grace"" declaring, ""you can't save a wretch like me""."
in any case, any subsequent children fathered through the new marriage are one's half-siblings instead of stepsiblings, being related through one blood line, that of the one biological parent.	in any case, any subsequent children concieved through the new marriage are one's half-siblings instead of stepsiblings, being related through one blood line, that of the one biological parent.
"james augustus ""catfish"" hunter (april 8, 1946–september 9, 1999), was a major league baseball right-handed starting pitcher between 1965 and 1979. he is one of only 17 players to pitch a perfect game in an official major league baseball game."	"james augustus ""catfish"" hunter (april 8, 1946–september 9, 1999), was a major league baseball right-handed starting pitcher between 1965 and 1979. he is one of 17 players to pitch a perfect game in an official major league baseball game."
bullseye is the fourth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	bullseye is the fourth episode of the second series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
al-farabi also wrote a rich commentary on aristotle's work, and one of his most notable works is al-madina al-fadila where he theorized an ideal state as in plato's the republic.	al-farabi also wrote a commentary on aristotle's work, and one of his most notable works is al-madina al-fadila where he theorized an ideal state as in plato's the republic.
the two-house view, and the one law/grafted in view are held by many identifying as messianic, although major messianic groups do not espouse these theologies.	the two-house view, and the one law/grafted in view are held by many identifying as messianic, although some messianic groups do not espouse these theologies.
however, a some scholars who are anti-capitalist anarchists do not believe it is a legitimate form of anarchism	however, a number of scholars who are anti-capitalist anarchists do not believe it is a legitimate form of anarchism
instrumentation included a conga, a cuban-influenced bass guitar line from ace session musician chuck rainey, and a mesmerizing harmonica part, performed first for the single version by new york session musician, michael weinstein, and later for the album version by gene cornish.	instrumentation included a conga, a cuban-influenced bass guitar line from ace session musician chuck rainey, and a harmonica part, performed first for the single version by new york session musician, michael weinstein, and later for the album version by gene cornish.
paul of tarsus, formerly saul, a disciple and self-appointed apostle of jesus	paul of tarsus, formerly saul, a disciple and apostle of jesus
he reunites with mona sax, who he first met in the previous game, as they set out to resolve a conspiracy of death and betrayal, finding the mysterious inner circle in the center of it all.	he reunites with mona sax, who he first met in the previous game, as they set out to resolve a conspiracy of death and betrayal, finding the inner circle in the center of it all.
loter announced his new feature- tinker bell and the legend of the neverbeast from disneytoon studios, at the d23 expo on august 9th 2013. the film is from the popular tinker bell film series and is executive produced by john lasseter.	loter announced his new feature- tinker bell and the legend of the neverbeast from disneytoon studios, at the d23 expo on august 9th 2013. the film is from the tinker bell film series and is executive produced by john lasseter.
furthermore, because of its planned route as published by the israeli government, the barrier is perceived as a plan to restrict the palestinian population to specific areas, causing further humiliation ,,.	furthermore, because of its planned route as published by the israeli government, the barrier is perceived as a plan to confine the palestinian population to specific areas, causing further humiliation ,,.
this page lists emblematic footballers who have played for fc sochaux-montbliard.	this page lists footballers who have played for fc sochaux-montbliard.
he also blogs at the commentisfree, where his pieces, like all commissioned pieces, are under editorial oversight of editors working on the site for guardian unlimited, as well as at brendanoneill.net o'neill has ridiculed those who wish to take action to reduce carbon emissions in order to tackle global warming.	he also blogs at the commentisfree, where his pieces, like all commissioned pieces, are under editorial oversight of editors working on the site for guardian unlimited, as well as at brendanoneill.net o'neill has ridiculed some statements by people who wish to take action to reduce carbon emissions in order to tackle global warming.
out-of-warranty playstation 3 owners can pay sony 128 for a refurbished console.	out-of-warranty playstation 3 owners can pay sony a moderate fee for a refurbished console.
himmler's childhood was surprisingly quite normal.	himmler's childhood was quite normal.
"gregg ""opie"" hughes of the popular the opie and anthony show show has referred to brother wease as his mentor."	"gregg ""opie"" hughes of the the opie and anthony show show has referred to brother wease as his mentor."
"in april 2008 chertoff was chastised in a lead editorial in the new york times entitled ""michael chertoff's insult"" for waiving the endangered species act, the clean water act, and other environmental protection legislation in a rush to construct a 700-mile fence along the mexican border."	"in april 2008 chertoff was critized in a lead editorial in the new york times entitled ""michael chertoff's insult"" for waiving the endangered species act, the clean water act, and other environmental protection legislation in a rush to construct a 700-mile fence along the mexican border."
it is a notable case of the french police's wilful collaboration with the german occupiers.	it is a notable case of the french police's collaboration with the german occupiers.
"other examples include ""worst sportscaster"" (won by glenn ""the big o"" ordway), ""most fascinating person in boston"" (won by the harvard square puppeteer), ""douchiest douchebag"" (won by douche-king spencer pratt), featuring pick up artist extrordinaire mystery, brandon from incubus, guy fieri, and others."	"other examples include ""worst sportscaster"" (won by glenn ""the big o"" ordway), ""most fascinating person in boston"" (won by the harvard square puppeteer), ""douchiest douchebag"" (won by spencer pratt), featuring pick up artist extrordinaire mystery, brandon from incubus, guy fieri, and others."
according to liberal author david brock (in his 2002 book blinded by the right), ingraham, while writing for the dartmouth review in the mid-1980s, once attended meetings of a gay student organization for the purpose of publicly outing them in the newspaper.	according to author david brock (in his 2002 book blinded by the right), ingraham, while writing for the dartmouth review in the mid-1980s, once attended meetings of a gay student organization for the purpose of publicly outing them in the newspaper.
the film received mostly mixed reviews by the time of its release.	the film received mostly negative reviews by the time of its release.
porthgain (meaning chisel port) is a jewel in the pembrokeshire coast national park nestled between st. davids (the smallest city in the uk) and goodwick.	porthgain (meaning chisel port) is a village in the pembrokeshire coast national park nestled between st. davids (the smallest city in the uk) and goodwick.
i'm not there is a 2007 biographical musical film directed by todd haynes, inspired by iconic american singer-songwriter bob dylan.	i'm not there is a 2007 biographical musical film directed by todd haynes, inspired by american singer-songwriter bob dylan.
bilberry is a name given to several species of low-growing shrubs in the genus vaccinium (family ericaceae) that bear tasty fruits.	bilberry is a name given to several species of low-growing shrubs in the genus vaccinium (family ericaceae) that bear fruits.
as described in several reports, the taliban and al-qaeda combatants were safely evacuated from kunduz and airlifted by pakistan air force cargo aircraft to pakistan air force bases in chitral and gilgit in pakistan- occupied kashmir's northern areas.	as described in several reports, the taliban and al-qaeda combatants were safely evacuated from kunduz and airlifted by pakistan air force cargo aircraft to pakistan air force bases in chitral and gilgit in pakistan- administered kashmir's northern areas.
he is a hard-running midfielder that is a vital part of the star-studded midfield brigade at the eagles, including chad fletcher, michael braun, ben cousins and chris judd	he is a hard-running midfielder that is a vital part of the powerful midfield brigade at the eagles, including chad fletcher, michael braun, ben cousins and chris judd
in 2013 creighton defied the party whip on anti- choice grounds to oppose the protection of life during pregnancy bill.	in 2013 creighton defied the party whip on anti- abortion grounds to oppose the protection of life during pregnancy bill.
iranian born shirin neshat masterfully combines cinematic sensibility to her video installations.	iranian born shirin neshat combines cinematic sensibility to her video installations.
there are several organisations in turkey and among exiled kurds in europe and elsewhere campaigning for the release of calan and/or a general amnesty for all political prisoners in turkey.	there are many organisations in turkey and among exiled kurds in europe and elsewhere campaigning for the release of calan and/or a general amnesty for all political prisoners in turkey.
established_events =  holy roman empire german empire  division  reunification |	established_events =  holy roman empire german empire  federal republic  reunification |
"in a review in the times literary supplement, jonathan rauch noted the journal's strident ideological tone, writing, ""though written mainly by scholars, it is a missionary journal, not a scholarly one."""	"in a review in the times literary supplement, jonathan rauch noted the journal's ideological tone, writing, ""though written mainly by scholars, it is a missionary journal, not a scholarly one."""
rejecting lewis's autocracy , the new union adopted democratic policies and instituted measures to ensure that their leaders would be held accountable to the membership.	rejecting lewis's autocratic, personalized leadership , the new union adopted democratic policies and instituted measures to ensure that their leaders would be held accountable to the membership.
norval morrisseau, also known as copper thunderbird (19322007), accomplished ojibway artist	norval morrisseau, also known as copper thunderbird (19322007), ojibway artist
"in 2007, oidupaa appeared at the channel one russia in moscow in one of the contest programs, but was booed from the podium before he could finish his performance, and tatyana tolstaya, one of the jury members, arrogantly called his style ""discordant"" and ""disharmonious""."	"in 2007, oidupaa appeared at the channel one russia in moscow in one of the contest programs, but was booed from the podium before he could finish his performance, and tatyana tolstaya, one of the jury members, called his style ""discordant"" and ""disharmonious""."
"actress gloria reuben (the agency, salem witch trials, little john, er), once said to a dimwitted interviewer who failed to notice several hints, ""stop calling me african-american!"	"actress gloria reuben (the agency, salem witch trials, little john, er), once said to a interviewer who failed to notice several hints, ""stop calling me african-american!"
after popular discontent with indonesian dictator suharto's rule pushed him from power in 1998, his vice president and successor bj habibie shocked indonesia and the world by promising he would allow a referendum on east timorese independence.	after popular discontent with indonesian president suharto's rule pushed him from power in 1998, his vice president and successor bj habibie shocked indonesia and the world by promising he would allow a referendum on east timorese independence.
as turkish cypriots will therefore point out, in spite of the historical fact of the greek cypriots been on the island for over three and a half thousand years, the island of cyprus has also been their home for over four hundred years.	as turkish cypriots will therefore point out, in spite of the historical fact of the greek cypriots been on the island for over two and a half thousand years, the island of cyprus has also been their home for over four hundred years.
nbc has announced they plan to renew heroes for a fourth season on the basis of strong ratings in the coveted demographic of 18-49 year olds, and popularity in international markets.	nbc has announced they plan to renew heroes for a fourth season on the basis of strong ratings in the demographic of 18-49 year olds, and popularity in international markets.
from 1956 until 1973, the baht was pegged to the u.s. dollar at an exchange rate of 20.8 baht = one dollar and at 20 baht = 1 dollar until 1978. a strengthening us economy caused thailand to re-peg its currency at 25 to the dollar from 1984 until july 2, 1997, when the country was stung by the 1997 asian financial crisis.	from 1956 until 1973, the baht was pegged to the u.s. dollar at an exchange rate of 20.8 baht = one dollar and at 20 baht = 1 dollar until 1978. a strengthening us economy caused thailand to re-peg its currency at 25 to the dollar from 1984 until july 2, 1997, when the country was affected by the 1997 asian financial crisis.
a prominent comedienne , she appeared in 238 films between 1914 and 1933.	a prominent comedian , she appeared in 238 films between 1914 and 1933.
as brett crossed the plate, new york manager billy martin accosted home plate umpire tim mcclelland and requested that brett's bat be examined.	as brett crossed the plate, new york manager billy martin approached home plate umpire tim mcclelland and requested that brett's bat be examined.
in the rationalist view, belief should be restricted to what is directly supportable by logic or scientific evidence.	in the skeptical view, belief should be restricted to what is directly supportable by logic or scientific evidence.
the igbos, the dominant ethnic group in the eastern region, declared independence as the republic of biafra in 1967 (after being unjustly treated as part of nigeria), leading to a bloody civil war which ended with their defeat in 1970.	the igbos, the dominant ethnic group in the eastern region, declared independence as the republic of biafra in 1967 (after being treated as part of nigeria), leading to a bloody civil war which ended with their defeat in 1970.
oskar schindler, great man who saved 1200 jewish lives	oskar schindler, a man who saved 1200 jewish lives
"it is generally agreed that the movement was inspired by montanus' reading of the gospel of john ""and i will ask the father, and he will give you another counselor paraclete to be with you forever the spirit of truth"" (niv), as well as some apocrypha such as 4 esdras."	"it is generally agreed that the movement was inspired by montanus' reading of the gospel of john ""and i will ask the father, and he will give you another counselor paraclete to be with you forever the spirit of truth"" (niv), as well as some books now reject as scripture by european christianity such as 4 esdras."
"according to berryman, lead singer chris martin originally wanted the song to be a party song with the lyrics ""drinks on me, drinks on me"", but fortunately his bandmates didn't think that would go well with their fans."	"according to berryman, lead singer chris martin originally wanted the song to be a party song with the lyrics ""drinks on me, drinks on me"", but his bandmates didn't think that would go well with their fans."
on july 24, 2016, it was reported that shreve had quietly closed his restaurant in atlanta.	on july 24, 2016, it was reported that shreve had closed his restaurant in atlanta.
"his most recognizable performances include the iconic saxophone introduction to ""turn the page"" and the saxophone solo in ""old time rock and roll""."	"his most recognizable performances include the saxophone introduction to ""turn the page"" and the saxophone solo in ""old time rock and roll""."
august 20 - stunt pilot bryan jensen was tragically killed when his aerobatic biplane crashed at the charles b. wheeler downtown airport at the kansas city airshow in kansas city, missouri around 1:30pm.	august 20 - stunt pilot bryan jensen was killed when his aerobatic biplane crashed at the charles b. wheeler downtown airport at the kansas city airshow in kansas city, missouri around 1:30pm.
(sittin' on) the dock of the bay was released in january 1968 amid the fall-out of redding's untimely death.	(sittin' on) the dock of the bay was released in january 1968 amid the fall-out of redding's death.
all 90 passengers and four of the five crew survive; one flight attendant is sucked out of the plane and falls to her death.	all 90 passengers and four of the five crew survive; one flight attendant is swept out of the plane and falls to her death.
another paper by r. l. gordon showed that cumont severely distorted the available evidence by forcing the material to conform to his predetermined model of zoroastrian origins.	another paper by r. l. gordon argued that cumont severely distorted the available evidence by forcing the material to conform to his predetermined model of zoroastrian origins.
at times these creatures could reach heights of forty feet high, sadly they were only witnessed by bilbo and the thirteen dwarves who were passing that way, and this information can only be found in the red book of westmarch.	at times these creatures could reach heights of forty feet high, they were only witnessed by bilbo and the thirteen dwarves who were passing that way, and this information can only be found in the red book of westmarch.
"on 4 october 2011 the club sensationally terminated the contract of coach branko ulina, as well commencing the process of applying to the ffa to have the 3-year 'marquee' contract of (branko's son) jason ""set aside""."	"on 4 october 2011 the club terminated the contract of coach branko ulina, as well commencing the process of applying to the ffa to have the 3-year 'marquee' contract of (branko's son) jason ""set aside""."
ethan allen interiors, inc. is an expenisve american furniture chain with more than 300 stores across the united states.	ethan allen interiors, inc. is an american furniture chain with more than 300 stores across the united states.
muhammad's wives or wives of muhammad were the twelve women married to the islamic prophet muhammad.	muhammad's wives or wives of muhammad were the women married to the islamic prophet muhammad.
it addresses the questions whether and in what sense man can be said to be free.	it addresses the questions whether and in what sense human beings can be said to be free.
while those who accept the official explanation have often dismissed alternative hypotheses as conspiracy theories, there are individuals, groups and organizations from across the political, academic and media landscapes who say that the most common account of the events can also be referred to as a conspiracy theory.	while those who accept the common explanation have often dismissed alternative hypotheses as conspiracy theories, there are individuals, groups and organizations from across the political, academic and media landscapes who say that the most common account of the events can also be referred to as a conspiracy theory.
mediaite is a news and opinion blog covering politics and entertainment in the media industry as well as other issues.	mediaite is an american news and opinion blog covering politics and entertainment in the media industry as well as other issues.
the sitnica leaves the coal basin as the most polluted river in serbia , especially notorious for its highly toxic phenol spills, which pollutes not only the sitnica, but also the ibar and west morava rivers, too.	the sitnica leaves the coal basin as the most polluted river in the area , especially notorious for its highly toxic phenol spills, which pollutes not only the sitnica, but also the ibar and west morava rivers, too.
the tobacco industry has historically been largely successful in this litigation process, with the majority of cases being won by the industry.	the industry has historically been largely successful in this litigation process, with the majority of cases being won by the industry.
additionally, the same ban existed previously in the radio emitters law, adopted 2002. unfortunately , these laws are not obeyed, and radio emitters agency, an independent governmental agency that should force those bans on registered emitters, hasn't done anything so far, regardless of lgbt ngos demands.	additionally, the same ban existed previously in the radio emitters law, adopted 2002. however , these laws are not obeyed, and radio emitters agency, an independent governmental agency that should force those bans on registered emitters, hasn't done anything so far, regardless of lgbt ngos demands.
ferdinand thieriot's nice tarantella in his symphonietta op.	ferdinand thieriot's tarantella in his symphonietta op.
furthermore, despite writers promoting that havok had truly gone evil, the group was disbanded when it was nonsensically revealed that havok was faking being evil all along and was simply trying to get close to the dark beast so that he could bring him to justice.	furthermore, despite writers promoting that havok had truly gone evil, the group was disbanded when it was revealed that havok was faking being evil all along and was simply trying to get close to the dark beast so that he could bring him to justice.
despite her parents' separation, genette maintained regular contact with her mother.	after her parents' separation, genette maintained regular contact with her mother.
the liebermans reportedly keep a kosher home.	the liebermans keep a kosher home.
"steve jobs returned to apple as a consultant, then as interim ceo (or ""iceo"", echoing the name of apple's new floppy-drive-less imac consumer hardware), and finally as ceo."	"steve jobs returned to apple as a consultant, then as interim ceo (or ""iceo"", echoing the name of apple's new imac consumer hardware), and finally as ceo."
issue a statement to its chicken flesh suppliers stating that it will give purchasing preference to those that use or switch to controlled atmosphere killing (cak), which is considered to be a more humane method of chicken and turkey slaughter.	issue a statement to its chicken product suppliers stating that it will give purchasing preference to those that use or switch to controlled atmosphere killing (cak), which is considered to be a more humane method of chicken and turkey slaughter.
father tadeusz rydzyk, founder of radio maryja, a hate radio station	father tadeusz rydzyk, founder of radio maryja, a controversial catholic radio station
"the bill, titled the ""benjamin franklin true patriot act"", looks to review certain sections of the act, including those that authorize sneak and peek searches, library, medical, and financial record searches, and the detention and deportation of non-citizens without meaningful judicial review."	"the bill, titled the ""benjamin franklin true patriot act"", looks to review certain sections of the act, including those that authorize sneak and peek searches, library, medical, and financial record searches, and the detention and deportation of non-citizens without full judicial review."
the markhor (capra falconeri; marmi; persian/urdu: ) is a large species of wild goat that is found in northeastern afghanistan, northern khyber pakhtunkhwa, pakistan , some parts of pakistani controlled kashmir (gilgit-baltistan) and indian-occupied jammu and kashmir, southern tajikistan and southern uzbekistan.	the markhor (capra falconeri; marmi; persian/urdu: ) is a large species of wild goat that is found in northeastern afghanistan, northern khyber pakhtunkhwa, pakistan , some parts of pakistani controlled kashmir (gilgit-baltistan) and jammu and kashmir, southern tajikistan and southern uzbekistan.
trivers and newton became close friends: newton was even godfather to one of trivers' daughters.	trivers and newton became close friends: newton was godfather to one of trivers' daughters.
she is also a proud member of alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.	she is also a member of alpha kappa alpha sorority, inc.
when running with scummvm, these games can be played on different operating systems, including windows, mac and gnu/ linux.	when running with scummvm, these games can be played on different operating systems, including windows, mac and linux.
peretti's fictional portrayal of spiritual warfare reflects in part his background in the charismatic assemblies of god churches and the contemporary focus of pentecostal writings on the demonic.	peretti's fictional portrayal of spiritual warfare reflects in part his background in the assemblies of god churches and the contemporary focus of pentecostal writings on the demonic.
he married her about a year after he received news of his ex-wife's passing .	he married her about a year after he received news of his ex-wife's death .
jay bauman, a talented filmmaker from milwakee wisconsin	jay bauman, a filmmaker from milwakee wisconsin
"the organization was subsequently known for a decade as the mystery school of the andes until a permanent center was established in reno, nevada, in 1972. leading the international community of christ for more than three decades was douglas eugene ""gene"" savoy, who served as head bishop from 1971 until his passing in 2007."	"the organization was subsequently known for a decade as the mystery school of the andes until a permanent center was established in reno, nevada, in 1972. leading the international community of christ for more than three decades was douglas eugene ""gene"" savoy, who served as head bishop from 1971 until his death in 2007."
in their depiction of highly intense scenes through controlled, formalized color photography, both films were deserving nominees for the academy awards.	in their depiction of highly intense scenes through controlled, formalized color photography, both films were nominees for the academy awards.
gdp per capita in the israeli-occupied palestinian territories rose by 7% per year from 1968-1980 but slowed during the 1980s.	gdp per capita in the palestinian territories rose by 7% per year from 1968-1980 but slowed during the 1980s.
the women forced to work in these brothels came from the ravensbrck concentration camp, soldier's brothels (wehrmachtsbordell) were usually organized in already established whorehouses or in hotels confiscated by the germans.	the women forced to work in these brothels came from the ravensbrck concentration camp, soldier's brothels (wehrmachtsbordell) were usually organized in already established brothels or in hotels confiscated by the germans.
curumsey damjee (also spelled karamsi or kasamshi damji) was a rich businessman who lived in the 19th and 20th century.	curumsey damjee (also spelled karamsi or kasamshi damji) was a businessman who lived in the 19th and 20th century.
these innovative physicians are using complementary medicine as a way to compete with mainstream conventional medicine doctors who do not.	these physicians are using complementary medicine as a way to compete with mainstream conventional medicine doctors who do not .
israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu ordered the demolition of the terrorists ' homes.	israeli prime minister binyamin netanyahu ordered the demolition of the attackers ' homes.
for the early muslims, the battle was extremely significant because it was the first sign that they might eventually overcome their enemies in mecca, one of the richest and most powerful pagan cities in arabia, which fielded an army three times larger than that of the muslims.	for the early muslims, the battle was extremely significant because it was the first sign that they might eventually overcome their enemies in mecca, one of the richest and most powerful , religiously non- abrahamic cities in arabia, which fielded an army three times larger than that of the muslims.
cooper organised a civil rights and anti-internment march for 30 january 1972 which was to develop into bloody sunday, whereupon fourteen unarmed civilians were murdered by soldiers from the parachute regiment on duty in derry.	cooper organised a civil rights and anti-internment march for 30 january 1972 which was to develop into bloody sunday, whereupon fourteen unarmed civilians were killed by soldiers from the parachute regiment on duty in derry.
in 2013, seaworld's treatment of its captive orcas was the basis of the shocking documentary blackfish, released by cnn films.	in 2013, seaworld's treatment of its captive orcas was the basis of the documentary blackfish, released by cnn films.
"kenan malik, a british science writer, while admitting that ""there is clearly ignorance and fear of islam in this country."	"kenan malik, a british science writer, while stating that ""there is clearly ignorance and fear of islam in this country."
the comic book features well-drawn backgrounds and inanimate objects.	the comic book features elaborate backgrounds and inanimate objects .
"in a speech on may 15, 1979, titled, fascism in medicine he bared the power of medical associations, ""...this shows you where fascism really exists, any doctor in the united states who cures cancer using alternative methods will be destroyed""."	"in a speech on may 15, 1979, titled, fascism in medicine he set out to expose the power of medical associations, ""...this shows you where fascism really exists, any doctor in the united states who cures cancer using alternative methods will be destroyed""."
kitzhaber presided over the failed launch of cover oregon, the state's obamacare website.	kitzhaber presided over the failed launch of cover oregon, the state's affordable care act insurance exchange website.
zhirinovsky is the founder and the leader of the ultra-nationalist liberal democratic party of russia (ldpr), the third largest party in the duma.	zhirinovsky is the founder and the leader of the liberal democratic party of russia (ldpr), the third largest party in the duma.
goldberg's touching remarks for his father's memorial service were republished by the national review in honor of father's day in june 2005 .	goldberg's remarks for his father's memorial service were republished by the national review in honor of father's day in june 2005 .
the detonation was equivalent to the explosion of around 20 kilotons of tnt, and is usually credited as the beginning of the atomic age.	the detonation was equivalent to the explosion of around 20 kilotons of tnt, and is usually considered as the beginning of the atomic age.
"a serious theologian elaine pagels says much the same in ""adam, eve and the serpent"" (1988)."	"a professional modern theologian elaine pagels says much the same in ""adam, eve and the serpent"" (1988)."
"jung is considered as the first modern psychologist to recognize that human psyche is ""by nature religious"" and to explore it in depth."	"jung is considered as the first modern psychologist to state that human psyche is ""by nature religious"" and to explore it in depth."
doilies are also used as head coverings in zealous baptist churches.	doilies are also used as head coverings in some conservative baptist churches.
for this reason in muslim countries - as in many other eastern countries - bathrooms are always equipped with a water hose situated next to the toilet, so that an individual may properly wash themselves.	for this reason in muslim countries - as in many other eastern countries - bathrooms are always equipped with a water hose situated next to the toilet, so that an individual may wash themselves.
along with kevin e. abrams, he co-authored the book the pink swastika, a book based on supposed links between homosexuals and the nazi party, though professional historians have dismissed the book's claims.	along with kevin e. abrams, he co-authored the book the pink swastika, a book based on links between homosexuals and the nazi party, though professional historians have dismissed the book's claims.
the sbc is the largest baptist association in the world, the largest denomination in the united states, and the second largest grouping of christians of any sort in the united states, after the idolatrous roman catholic church.	the sbc is the largest baptist association in the world, the largest denomination in the united states, and the second largest grouping of christians of any sort in the united states, after the roman catholic church.
during the 2017 meeting at orlando, the trophy and the faux rivalry continued to be a subject of ridicule, and the whereabouts of the actual trophy were still unknown.	during the 2017 meeting at orlando, the trophy and the claimed rivalry continued to be a subject of ridicule, and the whereabouts of the actual trophy were still unknown.
'lemmings' bundle (1992): lemmings and the sophisticated-for-the-time electronic arts graphics package deluxe paint iii.	'lemmings' bundle (1992): lemmings and the electronic arts graphics package deluxe paint iii.
after some success in the lower divisional grades with argideen rangers, foley was a key member of the carbery divisional team that reached a second successive championship decider in 1994. midleton, one of the most successful teams of the previous decade, provided the opposition, however, a 3-12 to 3-6 victory gave foley a coveted championship medal.	after some success in the lower divisional grades with argideen rangers, foley was a key member of the carbery divisional team that reached a second successive championship decider in 1994. midleton, one of the most successful teams of the previous decade, provided the opposition, however, a 3-12 to 3-6 victory gave foley a cork senior hurling championship medal.
the wayne county historical society museum contains a full-scale replica of the stourbridge lion, and is home to many interesting photographs and artifacts.	the wayne county historical society museum contains a full-scale replica of the stourbridge lion, and is home to many related photographs and artifacts.
"the ""green salad"" or ""garden salad"" is most often composed of some delicious vegetables, built up on a base of leaf vegetables such as one or more lettuce varieties, spinach, or arugula."	"the ""green salad"" or ""garden salad"" is most often composed of some vegetables, built up on a base of leaf vegetables such as one or more lettuce varieties, spinach, or arugula."
besides being more hi-fi, the alien's arrangement is also better filled out (3 minutes longer) and slightly more up tempo.	besides being more hi-fi, the alien's arrangement is also more filled out (3 minutes longer) and slightly more up tempo.
those concerned about these events say that american gun shows are a primary source of illegally trafficked firearms, both within the united states and abroad.	those concerned about these events believe that american gun shows are a primary source of illegally trafficked firearms, both within the united states and abroad.
"crediting both avedon and landres for jumpstart's success , jewish daily forward named landres to its annual list of the 50 most influential american jews in 2009, calling him ""an essential thinker in explaining the new jewish spirituality and culture to the jewish establishment."""	"crediting both avedon and landres for jumpstart's work , jewish daily forward named landres to its annual list of the 50 most influential american jews in 2009, calling him ""an essential thinker in explaining the new jewish spirituality and culture to the jewish establishment."""
variations of this argument may be found in other religious philosophies, such as islam, hinduism, and even buddhism.	variations of this argument may be found in other religious philosophies, such as islam, hinduism, and buddhism.
unfortunately , it was not enough - poland lost the match 5-6 and was eliminated from the tournament.	however , it was not enough - poland lost the match 5-6 and was eliminated from the tournament.
the 201718 season is football club crotone's second season in serie a after the club's miraculous 17th-place finish the previous season, in which the club sat in the relegation zone for most of the campaign.	the 201718 season is football club crotone's second season in serie a after the club's 17th-place finish the previous season, in which the club sat in the relegation zone for most of the campaign.
the use of flunitrazepam in combination with alcohol synergizes the adverse effects, and can lead to toxicity and death.	the use of flunitrazepam in combination with alcoholic beveragel s synergizes the adverse effects, and can lead to toxicity and death.
the pflp group of george habash claimed responsibility for the terror bombing.	the pflp group of george habash claimed responsibility for the bombing.
huggins emphasizes strength training and as a result alexander went from 210 pounds to 230 wicked pounds and has often remarked that the training allowed him to avoid fatigue and weight loss.	huggins emphasizes strength training and as a result alexander went from 210 pounds to 230 pounds and has often remarked that the training allowed him to avoid fatigue and weight loss.
wound up after the political earthquake of the 90s, it was refounded in 2003 for the advancing of true european social democratic values in the italian political arena.	wound up after the political earthquake of the 90s, it was refounded in 2003 for the advancing of european social democratic values in the italian political arena.
was a popular quebec sitcom broadcast by radio-canada from 2004 to 2006 , written by franois avard and jean-franois mercier and produced by fabienne larouche.	was a quebec sitcom broadcast by radio-canada from 2004 to 2006, written by franois avard and jean-franois mercier and produced by fabienne larouche.
palestinian citizen on the road to jericho	palestinian resident on the road to jericho
unfortunately, he perished in his noble attempt to right the wrongs of the caste system in india.	unfortunately, he perished in his attempt to right the wrongs of the caste system in india.
"it was in 1928 that famed coach knute rockne used his final conversation with the dying gipp to inspire the notre dame team to beat the army team and ""win one for the gipper."""	"it was in 1928 that coach knute rockne used his final conversation with the dying gipp to inspire the notre dame team to beat the army team and ""win one for the gipper."""
sarah ophelia colley cannon (october 25, 1912 march 4, 1996), known professionally as minnie pearl, was an american country comedienne who appeared at the grand ole opry for more than 50 years (from 1940 to 1991) and on the television show hee haw from 1969 to 1991.	sarah ophelia colley cannon (october 25, 1912 march 4, 1996), known professionally as minnie pearl, was an american country comedian who appeared at the grand ole opry for more than 50 years (from 1940 to 1991) and on the television show hee haw from 1969 to 1991.
in these two papers he refers to numerous such studies, and in the summer of 1993, he himself conducted a controversial study of this type.	in these two papers he refers to numerous such studies, and in the summer of 1993, he himself conducted a study of this type.
the corporals killings is the name commonly given to the killing of two british army soldiers of the royal corps of signals, corporals david howes and derek wood, on march 19 1988. the soldiers were abducted and beaten by irish republicans, after they drove into the funeral of provisional irish republican army volunteers killed in a loyalist attack.	the corporals killings is the name commonly given to the murder of two british army soldiers of the royal corps of signals, corporals david howes and derek wood, on march 19 1988. the soldiers were abducted and beaten by irish republicans, after they drove into the funeral of provisional irish republican army volunteers killed in a loyalist attack.
his opponent in the november 2006 general election was democrat tony trupiano, a progressive radio talk show host from dearborn heights.	his opponent in the november 2006 general election was democrat tony trupiano, a liberal radio talk show host from dearborn heights.
powell quoted a letter he had received from a woman in northumberland, about an elderly woman living in a wolverhampton street where she was the only white resident.	powell quoted a letter he claimed to have received from a woman in northumberland, about an elderly woman living in a wolverhampton street where she was the only white resident.
he accomplished this historic feat on july 25, 1956 in a 9-8 pittsburgh win against the chicago cubs, at forbes field.	he accomplished this feat on july 25, 1956 in a 9-8 pittsburgh win against the chicago cubs, at forbes field.
20px this article has been significantly improved since its nomination for deletion.	20px this article has been significantly changed since its nomination for deletion.
a scene in the well-known play godspell consists of the cast members running up to jesus, each with a line beginning one of the beatitudes (e.g.	a scene in the play godspell consists of the cast members running up to jesus, each with a line beginning one of the beatitudes (e.g.
a hall pass is a pass or token used in schools to show that a student has been authorized to be out of his/her classroom while lessons are in progress.	a hall pass is a pass or token used in schools to show that a student has been authorized to be out of their classroom while lessons are in progress.
"it may be pertinent in this connection that an infant in german is referred to under a grammatically neuter gender, in other words, as an ""it""."	"it may be pertinent in this connection that an infant in german is referred to under a grammatically neutral gender, in other words, as an ""it""."
the basic plot of a romantic comedy is that two protagonists, usually a man and a woman, meet, part ways due to an argument or other contrived obstacle, then ultimately reunite.	the basic plot of a romantic comedy is that two protagonists, usually a man and a woman, meet, part ways due to an argument or other obstacle, then ultimately reunite.
the documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, during the 2004 us presidential campaign, but had not been properly authenticated by cbs and were subsequently identified by politically-conservative experts as likely forgeries.	the documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, during the 2004 us presidential campaign, but had not been properly authenticated by cbs and were subsequently identified by numerous experts as likely forgeries.
additionally, those against the project, whose website is entitled save richardson grove, posit that opening the road to mass transit will cause humboldt county to become accessible for unlimited commercial development, which many members of the community are against.	additionally, those against the project, whose website is entitled save richardson grove, posit that opening the road to mass transit will cause humboldt county to become accessible for unlimited commercial development, which vocal members of the community are against.
the robots (a poor kraftwerk covers album)	the robots (a kraftwerk covers album)
playstation plus (commonly abbreviated 'ps+' and occasionally referred to as 'psn plus') is a premium playstation network subscription service that was officially unveiled at e3 2010 by jack tretton, president and ceo of scea.	playstation plus (commonly abbreviated 'ps+' and occasionally referred to as 'psn plus') is a paid playstation network subscription service that was officially unveiled at e3 2010 by jack tretton, president and ceo of scea.
"abdullah ""apo"" calan (born april 4, 1948), also known in kurmanji as serok apo (chairman apo - the kurdish word for uncle), is a kurdish rebel , who founded the kurdistan workers party (pkk) in 1978. the pkk is listed as a terrorist organization by a number of states and organizations, and has been leading an armed campaign inside turkey since 1984, with the intent of creating an independent kurdish state."	"abdullah ""apo"" calan (born april 4, 1948), also known in kurmanji as serok apo (chairman apo - the kurdish word for uncle), is a kurdish leader , who founded the kurdistan workers party (pkk) in 1978. the pkk is listed as a terrorist organization by a number of states and organizations, and has been leading an armed campaign inside turkey since 1984, with the intent of creating an independent kurdish state."
the term is closely associated with the much broader movement of contemporary american pragmatism, which, loosely defined, advocates a detachment from objective truth with an emphasis on convention, usefulness , and social progress.	the term is closely associated with the much broader movement of contemporary american pragmatism, which, loosely defined, advocates a detachment from objective truth with an emphasis on convention, utility, and social progress.
"mcgann is best known for his role as ""...& i"" in the 1987 black comedy withnail and i, and for portraying the eighth incarnation of the doctor in the 1996 doctor who tv film a role he continued in 72 audio dramas and the 2013 mini-episode ""the night of the doctor""."	"mcgann is known for his role as ""...& i"" in the 1987 black comedy withnail and i, and for portraying the eighth incarnation of the doctor in the 1996 doctor who tv film a role he continued in 72 audio dramas and the 2013 mini-episode ""the night of the doctor""."
david carpenter (born 1947) is an eminent english historian and writer, currently professor of medieval history at king's college london	david carpenter (born 1947) is an english historian and writer, currently professor of medieval history at king's college london
the fiasco marked the end of the movement's early growth phase.	the setback marked the end of the movement's early growth phase.
the family was murdered on july 17, 1918 in ekaterinburg, russia by bolsheviks.	the family was executed on july 17, 1918 in ekaterinburg, russia by bolsheviks.
williston's historic village is located along u.s. 2 in the center of town.	williston's village is located along u.s. 2 in the center of town.
a superior non-fiction book on the zulu wars is 'the washing of the spears' by donald r morris (1965).	a non-fiction book on the zulu wars is 'the washing of the spears' by donald r morris (1965).
since the 1980s, talk radio audiences and successful hosts have tended to be conservative, and typically favor the republicans.	since the 1980s, talk radio audiences and hosts have tended to be conservative, and typically favor the republicans.
there are also other software projects allowing audio data to be feed onto /dev/random, such as the audio-entropyd project , which is included in various gnu/ linux distributions such as fedora linux .	there are also other software projects allowing audio data to be feed onto /dev/random, such as the audio-entropyd project , which is included in various linux distributions such as fedora linux .
"orlando bosch (also known as orlando bosch avila) is a cuban exile and former cia-backed criminal , head of coru organization, which the fbi has described as ""an anti-castro terrorist umbrella organization."""	"orlando bosch (also known as orlando bosch avila) is a cuban exile and former cia-backed operative , head of coru organization, which the fbi has described as ""an anti-castro terrorist umbrella organization."""
death or glory is an overrated ultimate team based in boston, ma	death or glory is an ultimate team based in boston, ma
in 2009, however, she came out in favor of the legislative enactment of marriage equality for same-sex couples, and became a sponsor of the respect for marriage act.	in 2009, however, she came out in favor of the legislative enactment of marriage for same-sex couples, and became a sponsor of the respect for marriage act.
following the english reformation, some catholic went into exile to the european mainland.	following the english reformation, some roman catholics went into exile to the european mainland.
grace helbig, internet personality, comedienne	grace helbig, internet personality, comedian
"while edna usually seems to at best not care for carl, and at worst hate him, she has (very) occasionally been nice to him (even calling him ""honey"" in too much yangformation)."	"while edna usually seems to at best not care for carl, and at worst dislike him, she has (very) occasionally been nice to him (even calling him ""honey"" in too much yangformation)."
hart was due to appear in the wrestling documentary, bloodstained memoirs, but was taken out due to strong personal conflicts between the films producer and hart and his management.	hart was due to appear in the wrestling documentary, bloodstained memoirs, but was taken out due to personal conflicts between the films producer and hart and his management.
polish death camps and polish concentration camps are misleading terms that have appeared in media and publications in reference to world war ii german concentration camps located in german-occupied poland involved in the holocaust.	polish death camps and polish concentration camps are terms that have appeared in media and publications in reference to world war ii german concentration camps located in german-occupied poland involved in the holocaust.
although sabathia has shown dominance during the regular season, he has struggled in the postseason.	although sabathia has shown much success during the regular season, he has struggled in the postseason.
the catholic church understands that, even without knowledge of the revealed divine law, all man would still be apt for moral behavior, for human reason inclines man to seek the good and avoid sin.	the catholic church teaches that, even without knowledge of the revealed divine law, all man would still be apt for moral behavior, for human reason inclines man to seek the good and avoid sin.
time (whose trademark is capitalized time) is a weekly liberal american newsmagazine, similar to newsweek and u.s. news & world report.	time (whose trademark is capitalized time) is a weekly american newsmagazine, similar to newsweek and u.s. news & world report.
joyce grenfell, british actress and comedienne (b.	joyce grenfell, british actress and comedian (b.
the democratic countries offered only vocal criticism following the invasion the reality of nuclear standoff in the cold war meant the western countries were in no position to challenge soviet military force in central europe.	the western countries offered only vocal criticism following the invasion the reality of nuclear standoff in the cold war meant the western countries were in no position to challenge soviet military force in central europe.
he has been with the new yorker magazine since 1992, where he is currently a senior editor and a regular contributor of left-of-center political commentary.	he has been with the new yorker magazine since 1992, where he is currently a senior editor and a regular contributor of political commentary.
sadly this would become sergio's, rubn's, robert's and rawy's last album recorded as members of the group.	this would become sergio's, rubn's, robert's and rawy's last album recorded as members of the group.
it needs to be taken into account that small part of the slavic-speaking population in southern macedonia regarded itself as ethnically greek and a smaller percentage, mostly in northern macedonia, as serbian.	it needs to be taken into account that part of the slavic-speaking population in southern macedonia regarded itself as ethnically greek and a smaller percentage, mostly in northern macedonia, as serbian.
surprisingly he seems to fit in with the rowdy boys at kt and casey eventually accepts rusty's place within the greek system and the two begin to develop a closer bond.	surprisingly he seems to fit in with the rowdy boys at kappa tau and casey eventually accepts rusty's place within the greek system and the two begin to develop a closer bond.
in 2002 he along with la familia de tijuana (a group consisting of himself, damin 666, nicho el millionario, rey misterio, sr. and their popular valet lady victoria.	in 2002 he along with la familia de tijuana (a group consisting of himself, damin 666, nicho el millionario, rey misterio, sr. and their valet lady victoria.
on march 21 1935 reza shah pahlavi issued a controversial decree asking foreign delegates to use the term iran in formal correspondence.	on march 21 1935 reza shah pahlavi issued a decree asking foreign delegates to use the term iran in formal correspondence.
the other campaign is for the beloved actor to guest star on the nbc sitcom community.	the other campaign is for the actor to guest star on the nbc sitcom community.
at the final whistle, barcelona manager josep guardiola offered his commiserations to each of manchester united's players, while former manchester united defender gerard piqu sympathised with his erstwhile team-mates.	at the final whistle, barcelona manager josep guardiola offered his commiserations to each of manchester united's players, while former manchester united defender gerard piqu talked with his erstwhile team-mates.
hezbollah or hizbollah/hizbullah or hezb'allah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a governmental and terrorist lebanese shia islamic group, with a military arm and a civilian arm, founded in 1982 to fight the israeli defense forces who occupied southern lebanon until the year 2000.	hezbollah or hizbollah/hizbullah or hezb'allah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a governmental and militant lebanese shia islamic group, with a military arm and a civilian arm, founded in 1982 to fight the israeli defense forces who occupied southern lebanon until the year 2000.
each group is local, founded here at pacific.	each group is local, founded at pacific.
he also strongly opposed the bush administration's decision to liberate iraq.	he also strongly opposed the bush administration's decision to invade iraq.
the lebanese government claimed no responsibility or knowledge of the act committed by the armed shiite faction hezbollah despite having 14 members of the armed terrorist group amidst their government, and is calling desperately for a cease fire by all sides.	the lebanese government claimed no responsibility or knowledge of the act committed by the armed shiite faction hezbollah despite having 14 members of the armed group amidst their government, and is calling desperately for a cease fire by all sides.
the first foreign location outside of the u.s. and canada was established in 1996, and they now constitute almost one third of starbucks' stores.	the first international location outside of the u.s. and canada was established in 1996, and they now constitute almost one third of starbucks' stores.
however, this compelling argument has failed to convince the majority of shakespearian scholars.	however, this argument has failed to convince the majority of shakespearian scholars.
it includes the perception that islam has no values in common with other cultures, is inferior to the west and is a violent political ideology rather than a religion.	it includes the opinion that islam has no values in common with other cultures, is inferior to the west and is a violent political ideology rather than a religion.
by january 2011 this figure had reached 16,863 of which only 10,051 were spanish.	by january 2011 this figure had reached 16,863 of which 10,051 were spanish.
it is the latest game in the civilization series, due for release in fall 2010 .	it is the latest game in the civilization series, due for release in q4 2010 .
mir-hossein mousavi khameneh (born 29 september 1941) is an iranian reformist politician, painter and architect who served as the fifth and last prime minister of the islamic republic of iran from 1981 to 1989. mousavi is currently the president of the iranian academy of arts and was a candidate for the 2009 presidential election.	mir-hossein mousavi khameneh (born 29 september 1941) is an iranian politician, painter and architect who served as the fifth and last prime minister of the islamic republic of iran from 1981 to 1989. mousavi is currently the president of the iranian academy of arts and was a candidate for the 2009 presidential election.
debbie schlussel (born april 9, 1969) is an american attorney, a political commentator, and a blogger against the brutal religion of islam.	debbie schlussel (born april 9, 1969) is an american attorney, a political commentator, and a blogger against the religion of islam.
north was credited as a military consultant in the 2012 video game call of duty: black ops ii, and even voiced himself in one level of the game.	north was credited as a military consultant in the 2012 video game call of duty: black ops ii, and voiced himself in one level of the game.
senry regularly appear in the pages of modern haiku, frogpond, tundra, and other leading haiku journals, often unsegregated from haiku.	senry regularly appear in the pages of modern haiku, frogpond, tundra, and other haiku journals, often unsegregated from haiku.
"kevin mitnick was a ""surprise guest"" in the popular twit podcast."	"kevin mitnick was a ""surprise guest"" in the twit podcast."
legitimate breed associations such as the akc, the ukc, and the ckc, do not recognize this hybrid, or any other designer cross, as a breed.	established breed associations such as the akc, the ukc, and the ckc, do not recognize this hybrid, or any other designer cross, as a breed.
arden myrin (; born december 10, 1973) is an american comedienne and actress, best known for her work on the television show madtv.	arden myrin (; born december 10, 1973) is an american comedian and actress, best known for her work on the television show madtv.
the petition sponsors stated that approximately two thirds held higher degrees, but provided no evidence confirming this claim.	the petition sponsors stated that approximately two thirds held higher degrees, but provided no details confirming this claim.
some temples perform a progressive-style ordinance where patrons move from room to room, each room representing a progression of mankind : the creation room, representing the genesis creation story; the garden room represents the garden of eden where adam and eve lived prior to the fall of man; the world room, where adam and eve lived after the fall; the terrestrial room; and the celestial room representing the celestial kingdom of god, or more commonly, heaven.	some temples perform a progressive-style ordinance where patrons move from room to room, each room representing a progression of humankind : the creation room, representing the genesis creation story; the garden room represents the garden of eden where adam and eve lived prior to the fall of man; the world room, where adam and eve lived after the fall; the terrestrial room; and the celestial room representing the celestial kingdom of god, or more commonly, heaven.
"the right-wing national post also criticized karygiannis, alleging in an editorial that he was ""not interested in parliamentary ethics, but rather in trying to blacken mr. kenney's eye while also scoring political points with the many arab and other ethnic voters in his riding."""	"the national post also criticized karygiannis, alleging in an editorial that he was ""not interested in parliamentary ethics, but rather in trying to blacken mr. kenney's eye while also scoring political points with the many arab and other ethnic voters in his riding."""
subsequently, a spate of suicide bombings was launched against israel, which met a quick, harsh response.	subsequently, a spate of suicide bombings was launched against israel, which met a quick, response.
a ukrainian reistance movement began in the region ( see ukrainian insurrection army) which then spread to other regions of ukraine.	a ukrainian reistance movement began in the region (see ukrainian insurgent army) which then spread to other regions of ukraine.
dispute over origin of korean and japanese states	dispute over origin of korean and japanese
"william donald kelley, dds, ms (november 1, 1925 january 30, 2005) was an orthodontist who developed the kelley cancer therapy, an ineffective alternative cancer treatment based on the concepts that ""wrong foods (cause a) malignancy to grow, while proper foods (allow) ... body defenses to work"" defeating the cancer."	"william donald kelley, dds, ms (november 1, 1925 january 30, 2005) was an orthodontist who developed the kelley cancer therapy, an ineffective alternative cancer treatment based on the belief that ""wrong foods (cause a) malignancy to grow, while proper foods (allow) ... body defenses to work"" defeating the cancer."
in recent times, it has been fondly referred to as the jing ping band - the name being an onomatopoeia resembling the finely textured sound that is produced by this ensemble:	in recent times, it has been referred to as the jing ping band - the name being an onomatopoeia resembling the finely textured sound that is produced by this ensemble:
she married only once, to writer john collier, and settled in los angeles, where she was residing at the time of her death on march 29, 2000, resulting from a fall.	she married once, to writer john collier, and settled in los angeles, where she was residing at the time of her death on march 29, 2000, resulting from a fall.
the novel tells the story of the end of the universe and the saving of mankind from its destruction.	the novel tells the story of the end of the universe and the saving of humanity from its destruction.
born in creston, iowa on february 13 1894, lewis harold brown became a passionate and highly respected industrialist.	born in creston, iowa on february 13 1894, lewis harold brown became a passionate and respected industrialist.
after tom becomes personally radicalized by what he has witnessed in the various camps, he describes how he will carry on casy's mission in the world by fighting for social reform.	after tom becomes personally idealized by what he has witnessed in the various camps, he describes how he will carry on casy's mission in the world by fighting for social reform.
"allen ginsberg, initially unimpressed, would later be one of its great proponents, and indeed, he was apparently influenced by kerouac's free-flowing prose method of writing in the composition of his masterpiece ""howl""."	"allen ginsberg, initially unimpressed, would later be one of its great proponents, and indeed, he was apparently influenced by kerouac's free-flowing prose method of writing in the composition of his poem ""howl""."
the 3 years study, co-ordinated by southampton university, will determine if people without heartbeat or brain activity can have an out-of-body experience with veridical visual perceptions.	the 3 years study, co-ordinated by southampton university, hopes to determine if people without heartbeat or brain activity can have an out-of-body experience with veridical visual perceptions.
the daughter of actress and legendary motown recording artist diana ross and her ex-husband robert ellis silberstein, ross began her career acting in independent films and variety series.	the daughter of actress and motown recording artist diana ross and her ex-husband robert ellis silberstein, ross began her career acting in independent films and variety series.
"the lyrics, which savor the successful ""taming of the shrew"" with nasty glee (comparing the woman in question to a ""pet"" and a ""dog""), definitely provoked negative reactions among some listeners, especially feminists, who predictably objected to the suppressive sexual politics of the male narrator."	"the lyrics, which savor the successful ""taming of the shrew"" with nasty glee (comparing the woman in question to a ""pet"" and a ""dog""), definitely provoked negative reactions among some listeners, especially feminists, who objected to the suppressive sexual politics of the male narrator."
in the past (tens of years ago), this word was used to call the man who used to teach children the holy quran, when there were no schools in the region.	in the past (tens of years ago), this word was used to call the man who used to teach children the quran, when there were no schools in the region.
on october 22, a contributor who recently helped underwrite a san diego event that raised money to oppose proposition 8 received a letter from protectmarriage.com demanding a donation of at least $10,000.	on october 22, a contributor who recently helped underwrite a san diego event that raised money to oppose proposition 8 received a letter from protectmarriage.com requesting a donation of at least $10,000.
the glorious success of the attack, resulting from detailed planning and a variety of innovative tactics standing in stark contrast to what had happened at the somme only months earlier, sealed the reputation of the canadians as among the finest troops on the western front.	the success of the attack, resulting from detailed planning and a variety of innovative tactics standing in stark contrast to what had happened at the somme only months earlier, sealed the reputation of the canadians as among the finest troops on the western front.
three independent candidates were elected, while the green party unfortunately retained their two seats.	three independent candidates were elected, while the green party retained their two seats.
aamir khan, great indian actor, dicector and producer	aamir khan, indian actor, dicector and producer
some partisan operations in finland targeted civilians, killing 200 and injuring 50, including children and elderly.	a lot of partisan operations in finland targeted civilians, killing 200 and injuring 50, including children and elderly.
former history teacher jon cannon is now a member of the clue crew on the popular game show jeopardy.	former history teacher jon cannon is now a member of the clue crew on the game show jeopardy.
"call of pripyat's gameplay focuses on a unique combination of both post apocalyptic horror, as well as tactical role-playing action, mostly revolving around the ""chernobyl zone of exclusion""."	"call of pripyat's gameplay focuses on a combination of both post apocalyptic horror, as well as tactical role-playing action, mostly revolving around the ""chernobyl zone of exclusion""."
during this operation, the chinese laid siege to the fortress of tuyen quang, leading to its celebrated defense by a battalion of the french foreign legion.	during this operation, the chinese laid siege to the fortress of tuyen quang, leading to its defense by a battalion of the french foreign legion.
therefore, it is unlikely, for safety reasons, that epa will approve 'greenfreeze' or similar hydrocarbon-based refrigerants for automotive use.	therefore, it appears unlikely, for safety reasons, that epa will approve 'greenfreeze' or similar hydrocarbon-based refrigerants for automotive use.
kde is an international free software community producing an integrated set of cross-platform applications designed to run on gnu/ linux, freebsd,	kde is an international free software community producing an integrated set of cross-platform applications designed to run on linux, freebsd,
kern county also holds the troubling distinction of having the most deaths per capita in the us by police shooting per an article published in the guardian on 1 december 2015. in 2015 to the date of publication of the article, there have been 13 deaths by police shootings in a county of less than 875,000 population, or 0.016 per thousand persons.	kern county also holds the distinction of having the most deaths per capita in the us by police shooting per an article published in the guardian on 1 december 2015. in 2015 to the date of publication of the article, there have been 13 deaths by police shootings in a county of less than 875,000 population, or 0.016 per thousand persons.
in june 2011, he became the center of a controversy within the arab-american community when a song he composed and was to be sung at a national convention of the american-arab anti-discrimination committee was initially cancelled, an act attributed to organization board members' dislike of the song's implicit support for ongoing popular uprisings against the government of syria.	in june 2011, he became the center of a controversy within the arab-american community when a song he composed and was to be sung at a national convention of the american-arab anti-discrimination committee was initially cancelled, an act attributed to organization board members' dislike of the song's implicit support for ongoing uprisings against the government of syria.
according to reports from reuters, the ira killed almost 1,800 people, 1,200 of whom were british soldiers, ruc officers or unionist paramilitaries.	according to reports from reuters, the ira killed almost 1,800 people, 1,200 of whom were british soldiers, ruc officers or loyalist paramilitaries.
jss medical college (jssmc) is a prestigious medical college based in mysore, karnataka, india.	jss medical college (jssmc) is a medical college based in mysore, karnataka, india.
avery is a fervent supporter of biotechnology, pesticides, irradiation, industrial farming, and free trade, as well as a long-time critic of farm subsidies.	avery is a prominent supporter of biotechnology, pesticides, irradiation, industrial farming, and free trade, as well as a long-time critic of farm subsidies.
a mammoth double-disc, 42-track showcase, la trayectoria compiles an array of luny tunes productions, including hits by some of the most well-known artists in the reggaeton genre, circa the early to mid-2000s.	a double-disc, 42-track showcase, la trayectoria compiles an array of luny tunes productions, including hits by some of the most well-known artists in the reggaeton genre, circa the early to mid-2000s.
while in its appropriate home at ucla, the bell is safeguarded by the ucla rally committee.	while in its home at ucla, the bell is safeguarded by the ucla rally committee.
in spite of the 1994 ceasefire agreement and years of negotiations, the status dispute has not been resolved, and despite the long-term presence of a united nations monitoring force and a russian-dominated commonwealth of independent states (cis) peacekeeping operation, the conflict has flared up on several occasions.	in spite of the 1994 ceasefire agreement and years of negotiations, the status dispute has not been resolved, and despite the long-term presence of a united nations monitoring force and a commonwealth of independent states (cis) peacekeeping operation, the conflict has flared up on several occasions.
cycle of the werewolf is a short horror novel by stephen king, featuring illustrations by renowned comic book artist bernie wrightson.	cycle of the werewolf is a short horror novel by stephen king, featuring illustrations by comic book artist bernie wrightson.
the earth-shattering duo met in may of 1975 while performing in the australian production of the andrew lloyd webber musical, jesus christ superstar.	the duo met in may of 1975 while performing in the australian production of the andrew lloyd webber musical, jesus christ superstar.
in october 2001, approximately 50 tomahawk missiles struck terrorist targets in afghanistan in the opening hours of operation enduring freedom.	in october 2001, approximately 50 tomahawk missiles struck targets in afghanistan in the opening hours of operation enduring freedom.
additionally, redondo beach boasts two middle schools, adams middle school and parras middle school.	additionally, redondo beach has two middle schools, adams middle school and parras middle school.
diesel-powered cars generally have a better fuel economy than equivalent gasoline engines and produce less greenhouse gas pollution .	diesel-powered cars generally have a better fuel economy than equivalent gasoline engines and produce less greenhouse gas emission .
she graduated from william howard taft high school in 1946 ( legendary film director stanley kubrick attended the school at the same time), and worked for the united nations as a translator, using her fluency in the spanish language.	she graduated from william howard taft high school in 1946 (film director stanley kubrick attended the school at the same time), and worked for the united nations as a translator, using her fluency in the spanish language.
the consequences of bilingualism on language development	the effect of bilingualism on language development
the following year many of the players that played on the team prior led the 2002 falcons to another championship @ the national capital bowl absolutely devistating ashbury college 56-6. in 2006 frontenac dominated the kingston area again and successfully made it to the national capital bowl but unfortunately lost in a close 10-8 struggle against st. marks.	the following year many of the players that played on the team prior led the 2002 falcons to another championship @ the national capital bowl absolutely devistating ashbury college 56-6. in 2006 frontenac dominated the kingston area again and successfully made it to the national capital bowl but lost in a close 10-8 struggle against st. marks.
italy was officially a member of the triple alliance with germany and austria-hungary.	america was officially a member of the triple alliance with germany and austria-hungary.
return of the mack is a hit song written and recorded by english r&b artist mark morrison.	return of the mack is a song written and recorded by english r&b artist mark morrison.
the woodchute wilderness, north of the summit of 89a, also offers outstanding views and hiking trails.	the woodchute wilderness, north of the summit of 89a, also offers views and hiking trails.
in many parts of the world monocultures are common and clearcutting is a standard practice for these types of plantation timber stands .	in many parts of the world monocultures are common and clearcutting is a common practice for these types of plantation timber stands .
"the liberation war that eventually resulted in majority rule was called by ward ""the betrayal of western nations to their own kin""."	"the civil war that eventually resulted in majority rule was called by ward ""the betrayal of western nations to their own kin""."
among the charities she generously supported are adopt-a-minefield, anti-slavery international, breast cancer campaign, care, children of the andes, children's medical research institute, christian children's fund, city at peace, uk charity telethon comic relief, london's great ormond street hospital for sick children, greenpeace, healthlink worldwide, hear the world, heifer international, holy apostles soup kitchen, the red cross, lifebeat, lifeline and rape crisis pmb, opportunity international, oxfam, rights and humanity, save the children, save the music foundation, st. jude children's research hospital, teenage cancer trust, christina noble children's foundation, little dreams foundation, lotus outreach, nelson mandela children's fund, unhcr, unicef, v-day, wateraid, and world neighbors.	among the charities she supported are adopt-a-minefield, anti-slavery international, breast cancer campaign, care, children of the andes, children's medical research institute, christian children's fund, city at peace, uk charity telethon comic relief, london's great ormond street hospital for sick children, greenpeace, healthlink worldwide, hear the world, heifer international, holy apostles soup kitchen, the red cross, lifebeat, lifeline and rape crisis pmb, opportunity international, oxfam, rights and humanity, save the children, save the music foundation, st. jude children's research hospital, teenage cancer trust, christina noble children's foundation, little dreams foundation, lotus outreach, nelson mandela children's fund, unhcr, unicef, v-day, wateraid, and world neighbors.
in a memorable scene from the 2006 film casino royale, james bond uses this hold to incapacitate an assailant from the lord's resistance army, likely killing him in the process.	in a scene from the 2006 film casino royale, james bond uses this hold to incapacitate an assailant from the lord's resistance army, likely killing him in the process.
since many of indigenous groups have remained relatively isolated from the mainstream populations they live with, their genetics may be the least influenced by the effects of long distance migration.	since many of indigenous groups have remained relatively isolated from the later immigrant populations they live with, their genetics may be the least influenced by the effects of long distance migration.
1903: members of the anarchistic macedonian group the gemidzhii did the salonica assassins.	1903: members of the anarchistic group the gemidzhii did the salonica assassins.
assuming all of this time was lost during time that would have otherwise been spent productively, the game could be considered to have incurred a time cost of $120 million usd in man -hours.	assuming all of this time was lost during time that would have otherwise been spent productively, the game could be considered to have incurred a time cost of $120 million usd in worker -hours.
the entire system tends to be extremely expensive; a computer system with software may cost in excess of 10 000 gbp ($18,000 usd).	the entire system tends to be expensive; a computer system with software may cost in excess of 10 000 gbp ($18,000 usd).
the neo-creationist movement is motivated by the fear that religion is under attack by evolutionists .	the neo-creationist movement is motivated by the fear that religion is under attack by the study of evolution .
steve mcqueen was also a practitioner of jeet kune do under the tutelage of the late great bruce lee.	steve mcqueen was also a practitioner of jeet kune do under the tutelage of the late bruce lee.
"prior to the mid-term elections of 2010, cantor appeared on ""fox news sunday"", a nationally televised program, to denigrate fellow republican, richard iott, campaigning for the 9th district house seat in the key battleground state of ohio."	"prior to the mid-term elections of 2010, cantor appeared on ""fox news sunday"", a nationally televised program, to criticize fellow republican, richard iott, campaigning for the 9th district house seat in the key battleground state of ohio."
the gadhafi foundation announces a deal has been reached with families of more than 400 children infected with hiv by five bulgarian nurses and a palestinian doctor.	the gadhafi foundation announces a deal has been reached with families of more than 400 children infected with hiv in the case five bulgarian nurses and a palestinian doctor.
georgia state flag from 1956 to 2001 with rebel flag emblem that was removed during barnes governorship	georgia state flag from 1956 to 2001 with confederate flag emblem that was removed during barnes governorship
pepper pike is an affluent eastern suburb of the greater cleveland area in the us state of ohio.	pepper pike is an eastern suburb of the greater cleveland area in the us state of ohio.
discrepencies between lucia whalen (911 caller) and the police report	differences between lucia whalen (911 caller) and the police report
9:00 p.m.: conservative sean hannity and liberal alan colmes debate political issues of the day with guests and analysts during hannity & colmes.	9:00 p.m.: conservative sean hannity and alan colmes debate political issues of the day with guests and analysts during hannity & colmes.
"he is best known for his hit singles ""just a friend 2002"" (2002) and ""let me love you"" (2004), which won him two billboard awards, as well as for appearing in the films step up and freedom writers."	"he is best known for his singles ""just a friend 2002"" (2002) and ""let me love you"" (2004), which won him two billboard awards, as well as for appearing in the films step up and freedom writers."
charged gbh is a pre-eiminent uk82 band.	charged gbh is a uk82 band.
frank corner, cmg, frsa, (b. napier, 1920) distinguished new zealand diplomat.	frank corner, cmg, frsa, (b. napier, 1920) is a new zealand diplomat.
despite his evil alignment, robilar is friendly, loyal, and charming, if somewhat gruff.	despite his chaotic alignment, robilar is friendly, loyal, and charming, if somewhat gruff.
theism is the crazy belief in the existence of one or more divinities or deities.	theism is the belief in the existence of one or more divinities or deities.
a natural generalization concerns functions between differentiable or smooth manifolds.	a generalization concerns functions between differentiable or smooth manifolds.
as a response to idf statistics about palestinian casualties in the west bank, the israeli human rights controversial organization b'tselem released a study indicating two thirds of the palestinians killed in 2004 did not participate in the fighting.	as a response to idf statistics about palestinian casualties in the west bank, the israeli human rights organization b'tselem released a study indicating two thirds of the palestinians killed in 2004 did not participate in the fighting.
he was the son of journalist and novelist c. e. montague, and the grandson of c. p. scott, the legendary editor of the manchester guardian.	he was the son of journalist and novelist c. e. montague, and the grandson of c. p. scott, the editor of the manchester guardian.
56 minutes later at 9:59 a.m., the 110-story skyscraper collapsed, killing hundreds of innocent people, including around 900 office workers and first responders.	56 minutes later at 9:59 a.m., the 110-story skyscraper collapsed, killing hundreds of people, including around 900 office workers and first responders.
she also had a memorable role in the itv comedy bonkers playing mrs wadlow, a man-eating suburban housewife who seduces her neighbour's teenage son and turns him into her gigolo.	she also had a role in the itv comedy bonkers playing mrs wadlow, a man-eating suburban housewife who seduces her neighbour's teenage son and turns him into her gigolo.
unknown to him, molly had confessed to sally about her affair with kevin minutes before her passing , which sally orders him to tell tyrone as he doesn't deserve all the trauma and then packing his bags and throws him out and to never return.	unknown to him, molly had confessed to sally about her affair with kevin minutes before her death , which sally orders him to tell tyrone as he doesn't deserve all the trauma and then packing his bags and throws him out and to never return.
and a national constitution, among other sweeping populist reforms.	and a national constitution, among other sweeping reforms.
it is a beautiful double handed twin trapeze boat, meaning that it is sailed by a helm and a crew, the helm largely being a passenger and the crew doing all the work.	it is a double handed twin trapeze boat, meaning that it is sailed by a helm and a crew, the helm largely being a passenger and the crew doing all the work.
call for the destruction of the israeli regime	call for the destruction of the israeli state
ted rall, born 1963 in cambridge, massachusetts and raised near dayton, ohio, is a left-wing columnist and editorial cartoonist.	ted rall, born 1963 in cambridge, massachusetts and raised near dayton, ohio, is a liberal columnist and editorial cartoonist.
ainulindal (quenya for music of the ainur) is the first chapter of the silmarillion, a collection of mythical/ fictional histories by j. r. r. tolkien, edited and published posthumously by his son, christopher tolkien.	ainulindal (quenya for music of the ainur) is the first chapter of the silmarillion, a collection of fictional histories by j. r. r. tolkien, edited and published posthumously by his son, christopher tolkien.
"where these four streets intersect at market gate, there is an attractive award-winning redevelopment with a large fountain and ""guardians"" (known locally as ""the skittles"") designed by howard ben tr."	"where these four streets intersect at market gate, there is an award-winning redevelopment with a large fountain and ""guardians"" (known locally as ""the skittles"") designed by howard ben tr."
other damning economic changes include families in need of assistance due to both working parents.	other economic changes include families in need of assistance due to both working parents.
the downsizing, with studios run by a limited technical staff, led to massive layoffs of an unknown number of daystar employees.	the downsizing, with studios run by a limited technical staff, led to layoffs of an unknown number of daystar employees.
these stocks also carried a proof stamp, a p within a circle, applied after succesful test-firing.	these stocks also carried a proof stamp, a p within a circle, applied after successful test-firing.
in the older part of aix, there are also charming fountains in the place d'albertas and the place des trois-ormeaux.	in the older part of aix, there are also fountains in the place d'albertas and the place des trois-ormeaux.
interestingly , former us president carter jimmy carter disagreed with bill clinton, stating that the israeli prime minister ehud barak rejected camp david and moreover did not provide approval for the subsequent taba talks with the palestinian authority.	however , former us president carter jimmy carter disagreed with bill clinton, stating that the israeli prime minister ehud barak rejected camp david and moreover did not provide approval for the subsequent taba talks with the palestinian authority.
unfortunately , a turbo button is no longer seen on most mainstream personal computers.	today , a turbo button is no longer seen on most mainstream personal computers.
republican president ronald reagan's vice-president george h. w. bush ascended to the presidency, handily defeating democratic massachusetts governor michael dukakis in the 1988 election.	republican president ronald reagan's vice-president george h. w. bush ascended to the presidency, defeating democratic massachusetts governor michael dukakis in the 1988 election.
securing the reformation (15531555)	securing the reins (15531555)
"storms returned to familiar territory on may 23, 2005, becoming the third actress to portray mariah maximiliana ""maxie"" jones on the popular abc soap opera general hospital."	"storms returned to familiar territory on may 23, 2005, becoming the third actress to portray mariah maximiliana ""maxie"" jones on the abc soap opera general hospital."
in the 2008 presidential election, barack obama carried the city with 57% of the vote while john mccain only received 42% .	in the 2008 presidential election, barack obama carried the city with 57% of the vote while john mccain received 42% .
"they had a brief run of success in the 1970s with their crisp pop sound, later described by billboard magazine as featuring ""exquisitely crafted melodies and achingly gorgeous harmonies."""	"they had a run of success in the 1970s with their crisp pop sound, later described by billboard magazine as featuring ""exquisitely crafted melodies and achingly gorgeous harmonies."""
from about 350 believers, newly fled from the mainland, the churches in taiwan grew significantly in a few years.	from about 350 believers, newly fled from the mainland, the churches in taiwan grew in a few years.
he is a canny observer of mexico-u.s. relations and critic of the united states' policies in latin america.	he is a observer of mexico-u.s. relations and critic of the united states' policies in latin america.
in 1995 she was again the composer of the beautiful ballad det vackraste (the most beautiful), sung by cecilia vennersten, which came second in the melodifestivalen final, and later that year was awarded the prize for best song of the year in the swedish grammies award show.	in 1995 she was again the composer of the ballad det vackraste (the most beautiful), sung by cecilia vennersten, which came second in the melodifestivalen final, and later that year was awarded the prize for best song of the year in the swedish grammies award show.
"rodric ""rod"" norman is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by christopher mchallem."	"rodric ""rod"" norman is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by christopher mchallem."
the pakistan-based islamist terrorist organization, the islamic revolutionary front or islamic inquilab mahaz, claimed responsibility for the delhi terrorist attacks.	the pakistan-based islam-inspired terrorist organization, the islamic revolutionary front or islamic inquilab mahaz, claimed responsibility for the delhi terrorist attacks.
christakis zografos (, 1820, qestorat, ottoman empire (now in albania) - 1896, paris, france) was a albanian banker holding ottoman citizenship, benefactor and one of the distinguished personalities of the greek community of constantinople (modern istanbul).	christakis zografos (, 1820, qestorat, ottoman empire (now in albania) - 1896, paris, france) was a greek banker holding ottoman citizenship, benefactor and one of the distinguished personalities of the greek community of constantinople (modern istanbul).
amazingly the plot of the novel rebecca is largely unchanged in the film.	the plot of the novel rebecca is largely unchanged in the film.
the university also offers a wide range of first year seminars for incoming freshmen .	the university also offers a wide range of first year seminars for incoming students .
few secular critics of psychiatry share this extreme position.	few secular critics of psychiatry share this position .
chile also learned of the treaty through another minister in 1877, when argentina's senate discussed the invitation to join the peru-bolivia defensive alliance.	chile also learned of the treaty through another minister in 1877, when argentina's senate discussed the invitation to join the peru-bolivia alliance.
george sherman (july 14, 1908-march 15, 1991) was a prolific film director of action movies beginning in the 1930s.	george sherman (july 14, 1908-march 15, 1991) was a film director of action movies beginning in the 1930s.
playing to win, hutchinson, 1954 - an excellent account of the 1953 test series in which england regained the ashes which had been held by australia since 1934	playing to win, hutchinson, 1954 - an account of the 1953 test series in which england regained the ashes which had been held by australia since 1934
they are generally hated by do-it-yourself crowd due to being much harder to remove compared to their hex head counterparts, as the torx head/bit are much more prone to being stripped/broken.	they are generally disliked by do-it-yourself crowd due to being much harder to remove compared to their hex head counterparts, as the torx head/bit are much more prone to being stripped/broken.
bbc news story that includes mention of sagan's drug use.	bbc news story that includes mention of sagan's marijuana use.
"judith amanda ""judy"" geeson (born 10 september 1948) is an english actress ."	"judith amanda ""judy"" geeson (born 10 september 1948) is an english actor ."
robert fyfe (born 19 june 1925) is a camp scottish actor, best known for his role as howard in the long-running british sitcom last of the summer wine from 1985 to 2010.	robert fyfe (born 19 june 1925) is a scottish actor, best known for his role as howard in the long-running british sitcom last of the summer wine from 1985 to 2010.
"in an effort to boost his falling popularity ratings in an election year, musharraf will be a regular guest star on a state sponsored propagandist q&a show titled ""from the president's house"" ."	"in an effort to boost his falling popularity ratings in an election year, musharraf will be a regular guest star on a state sponsored q&a show titled ""from the president's house"" ."
mainstream scientific opinion on climate change is that warming over the last 50 years is caused primarily by the increased proportion of co2 in the atmosphere caused by human activity.	leftwing scientific opinion on climate change is that warming over the last 50 years is caused primarily by the increased proportion of co2 in the atmosphere caused by human activity.
he married leila e. lindsley, daughter of green bay mayor m. p. lindsley, in 1882. they had four children before her passing on october 19, 1920. in 1923, he married augusta nixon of ashland, virginia.	he married leila e. lindsley, daughter of green bay mayor m. p. lindsley, in 1882. they had four children before her death on october 19, 1920. in 1923, he married augusta nixon of ashland, virginia.
"the album's title is a clever play on ""a side wins"", a song on sloan's 1996 release one chord to another."	"the album's title is a play on ""a side wins"", a song on sloan's 1996 release one chord to another."
brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion, once admitted that if he expelled a soldier for belonging to an illegal unionist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.	brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion, once admitted that if he expelled a soldier for belonging to an illegal loyalist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.
in this view, human sexuality is properly regarded as an expression of love between two people.	in this view, human sexuality is regarded as an expression of love between two people.
"known as ""gig"" pianos and still containing a cast iron harp, these are comparatively lightweight and can be easily transported to and from engagements by only two men ."	"known as ""gig"" pianos and still containing a cast iron harp, these are comparatively lightweight and can be easily transported to and from engagements by only two people ."
she released her fourth book for hodder & stoughton in 2008. wener also features prominently as an interviewee in john dower's definitive feature film documentary on britpop, live forever (2003).	she released her fourth book for hodder & stoughton in 2008. wener also features prominently as an interviewee in john dower's feature film documentary on britpop, live forever (2003).
trayvon martin ( victim )	trayvon martin ( deceased )
democrat: middlesex district attorney martha coakley, who gained national notoriety for her role as the district attorney in the ongoing neil entwistle murder case.	democrat: middlesex district attorney martha coakley, who gained national prominence for her role as the district attorney in the ongoing neil entwistle murder case.
it was also the race where ayrton senna famously stopped on the race track to help comas after his crash by cutting off the engine, preventing a fire as comas had passed out in the car.	it was also the race where ayrton senna stopped on the race track to help comas after his crash by cutting off the engine, preventing a fire as comas had passed out in the car.
crowds enjoy a cricket match at the bangabandhu stadium.	crowds watch a cricket match at the bangabandhu stadium.
after quitting american idol, she is currently the head judge on bravo's singer-songwriter competition series platinum hit as of 2011.	after leaving american idol, she is currently the head judge on bravo's singer-songwriter competition series platinum hit as of 2011.
notable historical two-spirits	historical two-spirits
"sungenis has stated that he will only comply with his bishop's directive if forced to do so ""under the aegis of a canonical trial."""	"sungenis has stated that he will comply with his bishop's directive if forced to do so ""under the aegis of a canonical trial."""
they belonged to the mahar caste, who were treated as untouchables and subjected to intense socio-economic discrimination.	they belonged to the mahar caste, who were treated as untouchables and subjected to socio-economic discrimination.
some film directors and film enthusiasts abhor pan and scan cropping, because it can remove up to 45% (on 2.35:1 films) of the original image, changing the director's original vision and intentions.	some film directors and film enthusiasts disagree with pan and scan cropping, because it can remove up to 45% (on 2.35:1 films) of the original image, changing the director's original vision and intentions.
in ireland, large-scale domestic and industrial peat usage is still widespread.	in ireland, large-scale domestic and industrial peat usage is widespread.
"jes battis, who authored blood relations in buffy and angel, admits that study of the buffyverse ""invokes an uneasy combination of enthusiasm and ire"", and meets ""a certain amount of disdain from within the halls of the academy""."	"jes battis, who authored blood relations in buffy and angel, has stated that study of the buffyverse ""invokes an uneasy combination of enthusiasm and ire"", and meets ""a certain amount of disdain from within the halls of the academy""."
the film, a combination of pseudo philosophy and action like its predecessors, sought to conclude the questions raised in the previous film, the matrix reloaded.	the film, a combination of philosophy and action like its predecessors, sought to conclude the questions raised in the previous film, the matrix reloaded.
although hundreds were either ransomed or eventually rescued in daring texas ranger and scout expeditions, many others remained in the hands of the comanche.	although hundreds were either ransomed or eventually rescued in texas ranger and scout expeditions, many others remained in the hands of the comanche.
trusted computing is a term coined by the tcpa for a family of specifications whose goal is to make computers more secure through the use of dedicated hardware.	trusted computing is a term coined by the tcpa for a family of specifications who state that their goal is to make computers more secure through the use of dedicated hardware.
the team was supported by new riders, like jerzy knia from stal rzeszw or a young talented fighter kazimierz araszewicz, who died tragically in that year.	the team was supported by new riders, like jerzy knia from stal rzeszw or a young talented fighter kazimierz araszewicz, who died in that year.
alexis tsipras (, ; born 28 july 1974) is a macedonian politician who has served as the prime minister of greece since 2015. a socialist, tsipras has been leader of the greek political party syriza since 2009.	alexis tsipras (, ; born 28 july 1974) is a greek politician who has served as the prime minister of greece since 2015. a socialist, tsipras has been leader of the greek political party syriza since 2009.
"zuism or sumerian-mesopotamian neopaganism define a modern pagan religious movement based on the sumerian religion (and later mesopotamian religions which continued it), deemed the ""oldest religion, foundation of all major religions""."	"zuism or sumerian-mesopotamian neopaganism define a modern pagan religious movement based on the sumerian religion (and later mesopotamian religions which continued it), and calls itself the ""oldest religion, foundation of all major religions""."
the vast array of popular music genre in mexico shows the great diversity of its culture.	the vast array of popular music genre in mexico shows the diversity of its culture.
"however, the ""three witnesses"" saw the plates in a vision, not in person, and all eleven were either family or intimately involved in the organization of the church."	"however, the ""three witnesses"" claimed to have seen the plates in a vision, not in person, and all eleven were either family or intimately involved in the organization of the church."
he died in a car accident near rebro.	he died in a car crash near rebro.
on june 31, 2013, media research center president bozell appeared on fox news to defend a scandalous fox interview in which fox journalists made almost no research about the interviewee reza aslan's background and its hypothetical biases.	on june 31, 2013, media research center president bozell appeared on fox news to defend a fox interview in which fox journalists made almost no research about the interviewee reza aslan's background and its hypothetical biases.
it offered unique indoor and outdoor spaces including dozens of heritage-listed buildings that once served the islands specific needs as a prison and then a dockyard as well as breathtaking views of the sydney skyline and sydney harbour.	it offered unique indoor and outdoor spaces including dozens of heritage-listed buildings that once served the islands specific needs as a prison and then a dockyard as well as views of the sydney skyline and sydney harbour.
over the years her father had built up a fine collection of records featuring soul classics and nigerian music, including marvin gaye, fela kuti, bob marley, aretha franklin, king sunny ad, ebenezer obey and lagbaja and asa went on to draw inspiration from them.	over the years her father had built up a collection of records featuring soul classics and nigerian music, including marvin gaye, fela kuti, bob marley, aretha franklin, king sunny ad, ebenezer obey and lagbaja and asa went on to draw inspiration from them.
it is the largest fixed-line service and the third largest mobile telecommunication provider in mainland china.	it is the largest fixed-line service and the third largest mobile telecommunication provider in the people's republic of china.
her other notable films include along came polly (2004) and he's just not that into you (2009).	her other films include along came polly (2004) and he's just not that into you (2009).
the efforts sometimes involve the dissemination of literature and services, civil disobedience, and even violence.	the efforts sometimes involve the dissemination of literature and services, civil disobedience, and in rare cases, violence.
field solicited aid from congress; the vote was very close with a number of anglophobe senators opposing any grant.	field solicited aid from congress; the vote was very close with a number of senators opposing any grant.
richard jean monette oc, dhum, lld (june 19 1944 – september 9 2008) was a canadian actor and director, best-known for his unprecedented 14-season tenure as artistic director of the stratford festival of canada from 1994 to 2007.	richard jean monette oc, dhum, lld (june 19 1944 – september 9 2008) was a canadian actor and director, best-known for his 14-season tenure as artistic director of the stratford festival of canada from 1994 to 2007.
christy nicole turlington (born january 2, 1969) is an american supermodel best known for representing calvin klein fragrances since 1987. she has also worked on various campaigns for maybelline cosmetics and giorgio armani, has appeared in several films about the fashion industry and was a co-founder of the now defunct fashion caf.	christy nicole turlington (born january 2, 1969) is an american model best known for representing calvin klein fragrances since 1987. she has also worked on various campaigns for maybelline cosmetics and giorgio armani, has appeared in several films about the fashion industry and was a co-founder of the now defunct fashion caf.
james acclaimed london debut in 1992 launched him on to the concert platform and critics internationally have praised him for his breathtaking virtuosity and versatile musicianship.	james acclaimed london debut in 1992 launched him on to the concert platform and critics internationally have praised him for his virtuosity and versatile musicianship.
if software is rewritten for any reason, it should be fixed to skip the leading bom in order to avoid these problems.	if software is rewritten for any reason, it can be fixed to skip the leading bom in order to avoid these problems.
the block where the delta center sits is modified to look like a computer chip, creating a clever recursive visual effect.	the block where the delta center sits is modified to look like a computer chip, creating a recursive visual effect.
chevalier william henry grattan flood (1 november 1857 - 6 august 1928), renowned musicologist and historian, was born in lismore in 1857. as a writer and ecclesiastical composer, his personal contributions to irish musical form produced enduring works.	chevalier william henry grattan flood (1 november 1857 - 6 august 1928), musicologist and historian, was born in lismore in 1857. as a writer and ecclesiastical composer, his personal contributions to irish musical form produced enduring works.
unstoppable is a great 2010 american action thriller film directed by tony scott, written by mark bomback, and starring denzel washington and chris pine.	unstoppable is a 2010 american action thriller film directed by tony scott, written by mark bomback, and starring denzel washington and chris pine.
conflict over management has been controversial, and the area is a flagship site among conservation groups that aggressively promote ecosystem management.	conflict over management has been controversial, and the area is a flagship site among conservation groups that promote ecosystem management.
the major reasons and causes for homelessness as documented by many reports and studies include:	major reasons and causes for homelessness as documented by many reports and studies include:
chang is also a great guitar player, and writes most of her songs with acoustic guitar.	chang is also a guitar player, and writes most of her songs with acoustic guitar.
recently the coca-cola company has began using it again for soft drinks such as coca-cola zero or nestea light sold in countries where it isn't banned yet (large parts of south america, asia, africa and europe).	recently the coca-cola company has began using it again for soft drinks such as coca-cola zero or nestea light sold in countries where it isn't banned (large parts of south america, asia, africa and europe).
she was frequently clad in skimpy costumes and bikinis that accentuated her attractive figure (34d bust), but she never posed nude.	she was frequently clad in skimpy costumes and bikinis that accentuated her figure (34d bust), but she never posed nude.
rand's limited influence on libertarianism	rand's influence on libertarianism
the massacre (also euphemistically called the dili incident by the indonesian government) was likened to the sharpeville massacre in south africa in 1960, in which unarmed protesters were also shot dead, and which saw the apartheid regime subjected to international condemnation.	the massacre (also called the dili incident by the indonesian government) was likened to the sharpeville massacre in south africa in 1960, in which unarmed protesters were also shot dead, and which saw the apartheid regime subjected to international condemnation.
lexmark pioneered the use of profits from ink cartridges as a business model, as a result redefining the legal models of product ownership and patent exhaustion over time.	lexmark pioneered the use of profits from ink cartridges as a business model, as a result modifying the legal models of product ownership and patent exhaustion over time.
euskadi ta askatasuna, or eta (ipa: ˈɛːta), is an illegal armed basque separatist terrorist organization that seeks to create, through violence, an independent socialist state for the basque people, separate from spain and france, the states with basque population.	euskadi ta askatasuna, or eta (ipa: ˈɛːta), is an illegal armed basque separatist organization that seeks to create, through violence, an independent socialist state for the basque people, separate from spain and france, the states with basque population.
the primary problem in producing a toe is that the accepted theories of quantum mechanics and general relativity are very hard to combine.	the primary problem in producing a toe is that the accepted theories of quantum mechanics and general relativity are hard to combine.
the position at goose green and darwin was well defended by a force of combined units totalling about 1,200 (at the start of the battle the number was thought by the british to be less than half this), well equipped with artillery, mortars, 35 mm cannon and machine guns.	the position at goose green and darwin was well defended by a force of combined units totalling about 1,200 (at the start of the battle the number was thought by the british to be less than half this), equipped with artillery, mortars, 35 mm cannon and machine guns.
after the second peace of thorn (1466), the town was forcibly integrated into the polish province of royal prussia.	after the second peace of thorn (1466), the town was integrated into the polish province of royal prussia.
although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the earth's atmosphere, it still has a number of useful applications.	although xenon is rare and relatively expensive to extract from the earth's atmosphere, it still has a number of applications.
he was arrested and detained by israel in 2002 on the charges of murder of israeli civilians and attacks on israeli soldiers.	he was captured and detained by israel in 2002 on the charges of murder of israeli civilians and attacks on israeli soldiers.
he was arrested in 1982 for signing a petition to the government, propagating female circumcision and banning female rights,he was imprisoned without trial until 1984. in 1989, after the algerian constitution was changed to allow multiparty democracy, he co-founded the totalitarianislamic salvation front (fis), which rapidly grew to enjoy success in the ensuing local elections.	he was arrested in 1982 for signing a petition to the government, propagating female genital cutting and banning female rights,he was imprisoned without trial until 1984. in 1989, after the algerian constitution was changed to allow multiparty democracy, he co-founded the totalitarianislamic salvation front (fis), which rapidly grew to enjoy success in the ensuing local elections.
its most celebrated function is the medical investigation of apparent cures associated with the shrine of lourdes.	its most noted function is the medical investigation of apparent cures associated with the shrine of lourdes.
david lereah is a paid shill for the national association of realtors (nar).	david lereah is a paid consultant for the national association of realtors (nar).
however, in 2010 the tokyo metropolitan government passed a bill to restrict harmful content.	however, in 2010 the tokyo metropolitan government passed a bill to restrict such content.
some, but not all, conversos had understandably chosen to salvage their social and commercial prestige by the only option open to them baptism and embrace of christianity while privately adhering to their jewish practice and faith.	some, but not all, conversos had understandably chosen to salvage their social and commercial positions or their lives by the only option open to them baptism and embrace of christianity while privately adhering to their jewish practice and faith.
the deuteronomist ( d ) : written c. 600 bc in jerusalem during a period of religious reform .	the deuteronomist ( d ) : written c. 600 bc in jerusalem during a period of religious change .
it was also reported that abel has pushed the use of the diana screen as a business opportunity for individuals and agencies.	it was also reported that abel has promoted the use of the diana screen as a business opportunity for individuals and agencies.
while most of her film roles have been in comedies such as bruce almighty, office space, rumor has it, and the romantic comedies along came polly and the break-up, she has also appeared in films from other genres, such as the seminal comedy-horror leprechaun and the crime thriller derailed.	while most of her film roles have been in comedies such as bruce almighty, office space, rumor has it, and the romantic comedies along came polly and the break-up, she has also appeared in films from other genres, such as the comedy-horror leprechaun and the crime thriller derailed.
the club is imaginatively nicknamed the blues (from the colour of their kit) and the fans are known as the bluenoses.	the club is nicknamed the blues (from the colour of their kit) and the fans are known as the bluenoses.
"he takes credit for buster olney's success with espn as a guest and also is responsible for the stunning segment called ""high road/low road""."	"he takes credit for buster olney's success with espn as a guest and also is responsible for the segment called ""high road/low road""."
unfortunately , it proved unable to produce enough thrust for vertical flight, even with an installed engine with more thrust than its empty weight, and the project was abandoned.	however , it proved unable to produce enough thrust for vertical flight, even with an installed engine with more thrust than its empty weight, and the project was abandoned.
in an ill-conceived effort to revitalise the city centre it was demolished in 1965 and replaced by a now-failed shopping mall, subsequently taken over by the federal government as office space.	in an effort to revitalise the city centre it was demolished in 1965 and replaced by a now-failed shopping mall, subsequently taken over by the federal government as office space.
this important period-luminosity relation allowed the distance to any other cepheid variable to be estimated in terms of the distance to the smc.	this period-luminosity relation allowed the distance to any other cepheid variable to be estimated in terms of the distance to the smc.
some invoke the comparison to claim that an academic boycott of israel should not be controversial based a misconception that the academic boycott of south africa was uncontroversial and straightforward.	some invoke the comparison to claim that an academic boycott of israel should not be controversial based on the misconception that the academic boycott of south africa was uncontroversial and straightforward .
national liberation front (macedonia) an ethnic macedonian anti-fascist organisation from greece during the greek civil war.	national liberation front (macedonia) an ethnic macedonian political and military organisation from greece during the greek civil war.
in 2000, wells wrote the polemic icons of evolution, in which wells discusses ten examples which he believes prove that many of the most commonly accepted arguments for the validity of evolution are invalid.	in 2000, wells wrote the book icons of evolution, in which wells discusses ten examples which he believes prove that many of the most commonly accepted arguments for the validity of evolution are invalid.
the talented scientific team, which included the future australian antarctic expedition leader douglas mawson, carried out extensive geological, zoological and meteorological work.	the scientific team, which included the future australian antarctic expedition leader douglas mawson, carried out extensive geological, zoological and meteorological work.
some scholars have misinterpreted the spiritual ecstasy to suggest that st. teresa had sexual pleasures with god.	some scholars have interpreted the spiritual ecstasy to suggest that st. teresa had sexual pleasures with god.
fair trade law: protectionist law in the united states permitting manufacturers to specify a minimum retail price	fair trade law: law in the united states permitting manufacturers to specify a minimum retail price
scooter (band), a german superstar	scooter (band), a german band
", she believes that measuring ""takes away from the creative, hands-on process of cooking"" and instead favors approximations such as ""half a palmful"", thereby following in the footsteps of other famous food writers such as auguste escoffier himself and elizabeth david."	", she believes that measuring ""takes away from the creative, hands-on process of cooking"" and instead favors approximations such as ""half a palmful"", thereby following in the footsteps of other famous food writers such as auguste escoffier and elizabeth david."
these two parties have won every united states presidential election since 1852 and have controlled the united states congress since 1856. the democratic party generally positions itself as left-of-center in american politics and supports a modern american liberal platform, while the republican party generally positions itself as right- wing and supports a modern american conservative platform.	these two parties have won every united states presidential election since 1852 and have controlled the united states congress since 1856. the democratic party generally positions itself as left-of-center in american politics and supports a modern american liberal platform, while the republican party generally positions itself as right- of-center and supports a modern american conservative platform.
at about the same time, he interviewed a dissenter called bartholomew legate, who told him he had not prayed for seven years: james was so appalled that, with the collusion of lancelot andrewes and other bishops, he had legate burned at the stake, along with edward wightman.	at about the same time, he interviewed a dissenter called bartholomew legate, who told him he had not prayed for seven years: james was so appalled that, with the agreement of lancelot andrewes and other bishops, he had legate burned at the stake, along with edward wightman.
emergents do not engage in apologetics or confrontational evangelism in the traditional sense, preferring to allow persons the freedom to discover their version of faith through conversation.	some in the movement do not engage in apologetics or confrontational evangelism in the traditional sense, preferring to allow persons the freedom to discover their version of faith through conversation.
from 2003  2005 he hosted his own radio show on xfm, and was one half of the famous duo presenting the sunday night project (previously named the friday night project) alongside alan carr for channel 4. he also hosted numerous specials on channel 4 entitled 'bring back...' reuniting the cast and crew from famous shows or films such as dallas, star wars and fame.	from 2003  2005 he hosted his own radio show on xfm, and was one half of the duo presenting the sunday night project (previously named the friday night project ) alongside alan carr for channel 4. he also hosted numerous specials on channel 4 entitled 'bring back...' reuniting the cast and crew from famous shows or films such as dallas, star wars and fame.
since its premiere on abc on october 3, 2004, the show has been extremely well received by viewers and critics alike.	since its premiere on abc on october 3, 2004, the show has been well received by viewers and critics alike.
died: nora bayes, 47, american singer, comedienne and actress	died: nora bayes, 47, american singer, comedian and actress
these machines caused a stir in the industry with their compact dark grey cases, built-in trackball, and the clever positioning of the keyboard which left room for palmrests on either side of the pointing device.	these machines caused a stir in the industry with their compact dark grey cases, built-in trackball, and the innovative positioning of the keyboard which left room for palmrests on either side of the pointing device.
dearbornistan rush's mocking reference to dearborn, mi, which has a considerable muslim problem .	dearbornistan rush's mocking reference to dearborn, mi, which has a considerable muslim population .
jiangs legacy is also cemented by chinas successful bids to join the world trade organization and host the 2008 summer olympics.	jiangs legacy is also cemented by the prcs successful bids to join the world trade organization and host the 2008 summer olympics.
basically, the findings of this study reveal many common genetic markers found amongst the iranian peoples from the kurdistan to the areas west of the indus.	basically, the findings of this study reveal many common genetic markers found amongst the iranian peoples from the tigris to the areas west of the indus.
due to abuse and theft concerns, many retailers in the us have moved dextromethorphan-containing products behind the counter so that one must ask a pharmacist to receive them or be 18 years (19 in nj and al) or older to purchase them.	due to its recreational use and theft concerns, many retailers in the us have moved dextromethorphan-containing products behind the counter so that one must ask a pharmacist to receive them or be 18 years (19 in nj and al) or older to purchase them.
his sudden death followed a long struggle with prostate cancer.	his sudden death followed a long illness with prostate cancer.
she narrowly survived an assassination attempt shortly after her release from detention in 1976 when she was shot at her family home in durban, but luckily not harmed.	she narrowly survived an assassination attempt shortly after her release from detention in 1976 when she was shot at her family home in durban, but not harmed.
they were able to gather the needed information; tragically , returning across the river, barkley succumbed to muscle cramps and drowned on november 9, 1918. his fellow soldier survived to bring the information back to their unit.	they were able to gather the needed information; however , returning across the river, barkley succumbed to muscle cramps and drowned on november 9, 1918. his fellow soldier survived to bring the information back to their unit.
depage over lomborg's views	debate over lomborg's views
on may 16 2007, following its election as president of the fifth french republic, nicolas sarkozy organized an homage to the 35 french resistance martyrs executed by the germans during the liberation of paris on august 16 1944. notorious french historian max gallo narrated the events that happened in the bois de boulogne woods, and a parisian schoolgirl read young french resistant guy mquet's (17) final letter.	on may 16 2007, following its election as president of the fifth french republic, nicolas sarkozy organized an homage to the 35 french resistance martyrs executed by the germans during the liberation of paris on august 16 1944. french historian max gallo narrated the events that happened in the bois de boulogne woods, and a parisian schoolgirl read young french resistant guy mquet's (17) final letter.
"van buren appeared as the plate spinner, illusionist and guest on many television programmes, shows and specials, including the opening scene of the music video of charlotte church's song ""call my name""."	"van buren appeared as the plate spinner, illusionist and guest on various television programmes, shows and specials, including the opening scene of the music video of charlotte church's song ""call my name""."
there are vague and hilarious references to her gigantic weight.	there are vague and comical references to her gigantic weight.
hudson place is a entire plaza of skyscrapers that will be part of the hudson yards redevelopment project in midtown manhattan, new york city.	hudson place is a plaza of skyscrapers that will be part of the hudson yards redevelopment project in midtown manhattan, new york city.
"style=""background-color:#ccccff;"" | chairman"	"style=""background-color:#ccccff;"" | leader"
"working class france..."" pov by matthieu kassovitz who directed la haine'' movie"	"working class france..."" by matthieu kassovitz who directed la haine'' movie"
johor bahru, also spelled johor baharu, johor baru, or johore bahru and near-universally abbreviated as jb, is the city and the capital of johor in southern malaysia.	johor bahru, also spelled johor baharu, johor baru, or johore bahru and abbreviated as jb, is the city and the capital of johor in southern malaysia.
spider-woman (jessica drew) is a superheroine , a fictional character in the marvel comics universe.	spider-woman (jessica drew) is a superhero, a fictional character in the marvel comics universe.
joseph sobran (born february 23, 1946, michigan) is a controversial american journalist who has written extensively on american politics and culture.	joseph sobran (born february 23, 1946, michigan) is a american journalist who has written extensively on american politics and culture.
the arcata eye is a newspaper covering arcata and blue lake that is published weekly in arcata; the paper has some renown outside of the area for its amusingly -written police blotter.	the arcata eye is a newspaper covering arcata and blue lake that is published weekly in arcata; the paper has some renown outside of the area for its humorously -written police blotter.
"the archeological evidence does not specifically support the story told in the book of exodus and most archaeologists have therefore abandoned the investigation of moses and the exodus as ""a fruitless pursuit""."	"the archeological evidence does not support the story told in the book of exodus and most archaeologists have therefore abandoned the investigation of moses and the exodus as ""a fruitless pursuit""."
as the exact details of the data transmitted to microsoft were once proprietary, privacy fears were unjustifyably raised.	as the exact details of the data transmitted to microsoft were once proprietary, privacy fears were raised.
however, a concerted campaign to reopen the station was launched, as the station is held in fond regard due to the popular bbc radio 4 panel game i'm sorry i haven't a clue, which frequently features the game round mornington crescent, a complex game which takes its name from the station.	however, a concerted campaign to reopen the station was launched, as the station is held in fond regard due to the popular bbc radio 4 panel game i'm sorry i haven't a clue, which frequently features the game round mornington crescent, a game which takes its name from the station.
"generous critics, mostly western, have called it ""arabian nights a la hollywood,"" noting how much it delights the pakistani, yet bemoaning the fact that such an undisciplined work will now set an architectural standard."	"generous critics, mostly western, have called it ""arabian nights a la hollywood,"" noting how much it delights the pakistani, yet bemoaning the fact that such an work will now set an architectural standard."
"best known for her superb 1984 cover of prince's ""i feel for you,"" r&b singer chaka khan enjoyed solo success as well as popularity as a member of the funk band rufus."	"best known for her 1984 cover of prince's ""i feel for you,"" r&b singer chaka khan enjoyed solo success as well as popularity as a member of the funk band rufus."
vhs and dvd releases in the country would later boast this claim.	vhs and dvd releases in the country would later carry this claim.
following the departure of mason, traffic released the low spark of high heeled boys (1971), which was a top 10 american album but did not chart in the uk; the lp is also notable for its striking die-cut cover.	following the departure of mason, traffic released the low spark of high heeled boys (1971), which was a top 10 american album but did not chart in the uk; the lp is also notable for its die-cut cover.
most recently lafur gunnarsson has published two major large-scale novels, mlarinn (the painter, 2012) and syndarinn (the sinner, 2015).	most recently lafur gunnarsson has published two large-scale novels, mlarinn (the painter, 2012) and syndarinn (the sinner, 2015).
jammu and areas of the kashmir valley are occupied by india.	jammu and areas of the kashmir valley are controlled by india.
he is an evolution denialist and argues that evolutionary theory is being used as fodder for a secular campaign against christianity, while the alleged weaknesses in evolutionary theory are not getting the same scrutiny.	he is an evolution skeptic and argues that evolutionary theory is being used as fodder for a secular campaign against christianity, while the alleged weaknesses in evolutionary theory are not getting the same scrutiny.
while slavsk's actions were applauded by her countrymen , they resulted in her becoming a persona non grata in the new regime.	while slavsk's actions were applauded by her compatriots , they resulted in her becoming a persona non grata in the new regime.
however, before being awarded the gold medal, there was a scandalous judging controversy.	however, before being awarded the gold medal, there was a judging controversy.
later, when america blocked oil and scrap metal exports to japan to stop its imperialistic war with china, japan felt its fears (including those of a shortage of raw materials) were confirmed.	later, when america blocked oil and scrap metal exports to japan to stop its war with china, japan felt its fears (including those of a shortage of raw materials) were confirmed.
jacob (or israel) is the eponymous ancestor of the israelites.	jacob (or israel) is the ancestor of the israelites.
derek llambias is an successful english businessman and long-term associate of mike ashley and currently managing director of newcastle united.	derek llambias is an english businessman and long-term associate of mike ashley and currently managing director of newcastle united.
scrapple is a savory delight in which cornmeal and flour, often buckwheat flour, are simmered with pork scraps and trimmings, then formed into a loaf.	scrapple is a savory mush in which cornmeal and flour, often buckwheat flour, are simmered with pork scraps and trimmings, then formed into a loaf.
at a local level, many unitarian christian groups - and individual unitarian christians - have links with tolerant congregations affiliated with the united church of christ, disciples of christ, and unity church.	at a local level, many unitarian christian groups - and individual unitarian christians - have links with congregations affiliated with the united church of christ, disciples of christ, and unity church.
other scientists have debunked the work, pointing out that not only has it been shown that a supposedly irreducibly complex structure can evolve, but that it can do so within a reasonable time even subject to unrealistically harsh restrictions, and noting that behe & snoke's paper does not properly include natural selection and genetic redundancy.	other scientists have rejected the work, pointing out that not only has it been shown that a supposedly irreducibly complex structure can evolve, but that it can do so within a reasonable time even subject to unrealistically harsh restrictions, and noting that behe & snoke's paper does not properly include natural selection and genetic redundancy.
these eventually devolved into mopeds, which really aren't bicycles at all as they were never actually designed to be pedalled, though pedals were fitted to comply with regulations and to aid in starting.	these eventually evolved into mopeds, which really aren't bicycles at all as they were never actually designed to be pedalled, though pedals were fitted to comply with regulations and to aid in starting.
with the book in search of the cradle of civilization, frawley gained wide public attention with his writings attacking the aryan invasion theory.	with the book in search of the cradle of civilization, frawley gained public attention with his writings attacking the aryan invasion theory.
"brown is an advocate for equal marriage, and has several times discussed marriage laws as they affected her; her 2001 marriage to her wife sylvia knight was annulled upon gaining a gender recognition certificate in 2009, and she described her subsequent civil partnership to knight as a ""kick in the teeth""."	"brown is an advocate for gay marriage, and has several times discussed marriage laws as they affected her; her 2001 marriage to her wife sylvia knight was annulled upon gaining a gender recognition certificate in 2009, and she described her subsequent civil partnership to knight as a ""kick in the teeth""."
nancy walker (may 10, 1922 march 25, 1992) was an american actress and comedienne of stage, screen, and television.	nancy walker (may 10, 1922 march 25, 1992) was an american actress and comedian of stage, screen, and television.
some time later, guevara joined fidel castro's revolutionary 26th of july movement, which seized power in cuba in 1959. after serving in various important posts in the new government and writing a number of articles and books on the theory and practice of guerrilla warfare, guevara left cuba in 1965 with the intention of fomenting revolutions first in congo-kinshasa, and then in bolivia, where he was captured in a military operation supported by the cia and the u.s. army special forces.	some time later, guevara joined fidel castro's revolutionary 26th of july movement, which seized power in cuba in 1959. after serving in various important posts in the new government and writing a number of articles and books on the theory and practice of guerrilla warfare, guevara left cuba in 1965 with the intention of fomenting terrorism, first in congo-kinshasa, and then in bolivia, where he was captured in a military operation supported by the cia and the u.s. army special forces.
this strange organism is a result of hybridisation.	this organism is a result of hybridisation.
bethesda is also home to the national naval medical center, commonly referred to as bethesda naval hospital, where many famous americans such as senator joseph mccarthy passed away and the infamous john f. kennedy autopsy was performed.	bethesda is also home to the national naval medical center, commonly referred to as bethesda naval hospital, where many famous americans such as senator joseph mccarthy passed away and the john f. kennedy autopsy was performed.
"interestingly the ""classic"" label continues to appear on coke cans in international markets."	"as of 2017, however, the ""classic"" label continues to appear on coke cans in international markets."
the conditions which favour the development of brigandage may be easily summed up as bad administration{{efn|	the conditions which favour the development of brigandage may be summed up as bad administration{{efn|
the findings of the study - which claimed that circumcision reduced the risk of contracting aids by 63% - were presented at the 3rd international ias society conference on hiv pathogenesis and treatment, held in rio de janeiro, brazil, 24-27 july 2005.	the findings of the study - which reported that circumcision reduced the risk of contracting aids by 63% - were presented at the 3rd international ias society conference on hiv pathogenesis and treatment, held in rio de janeiro, brazil, 24-27 july 2005.
cordileone is one of seventeen united states bishops to sign the manhattan declaration: a call of christian conscience, a document asserting opposition to same-sex marriage, abortion and assisted suicide, and to what signers feel is an infringement on their freedom of religion.	cordileone is one of seventeen united states bishops to sign the manhattan declaration: a call of christian conscience, a document asserting opposition to same-sex marriage, abortion and assisted suicide, and to what signers feel is an infringement on freedom of religion.
fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), founded in 1986, is a left-wing group that works against and documents alleged bias in the media and erroneous reporting.	fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), founded in 1986, is a progressive group that works against and documents alleged bias in the media and erroneous reporting.
"he eventually pursued the task yogananda purportedly imparted to him of ""writing, editing, and lecturing"" as well as trying to fulfill his guru's mission of creating ""world brotherhood colonies."""	"he eventually pursued the task yogananda imparted to him of ""writing, editing, and lecturing"" as well as trying to fulfill his guru's mission of creating ""world brotherhood colonies."""
virtex is a family of high-performance fpga products developed by xilinx.	virtex is a family of fpga products developed by xilinx.
in tagalog and filipino, however, the day-month-year notation is the proper format as adapted from the spanish.	in tagalog and filipino, however, the day-month-year notation is the format as adapted from the spanish.
sadly no recorded version is known to survive.	no recorded version is known to survive.
"the government of serbia has done little to deal with serb war criminals; cooperation with the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia is ""still regarded as a distressing obligation, the necessary price for joining the european union""."	"the government of serbia has done little to deal with serbs indicited for war criminals; cooperation with the international criminal tribunal for the former yugoslavia is ""still regarded as a distressing obligation, the necessary price for joining the european union""."
he has written more than 20 books.	pdf and has written more than 20 books.
"in the scenario of the 2280s, the cadet receives a distress signal, stating that the kobayashi has struck a ""gravitic mine"" in the organian neutral zone and is rapidly losing power, hull integrity and life support."	"in the scenario of the 2280s, the cadet receives a distress signal, stating that the kobayashi has struck a ""gravitic mine"" in the klingon neutral zone and is rapidly losing power, hull integrity and life support."
the vlachs, a historically nomadic people who live throughout the balkans, speak a language derived from latin, and are thought to be the descendants of roman settlers and romanized illyrians .	the vlachs, a historically nomadic people who live throughout the balkans, speak a language derived from latin, and are thought to be the descendants of roman settlers and romanized indigenous peoples .
speeches were held by friends of the earth u.s. against the bush administration's climate policy and by others against u.s. imperialism .	speeches were held by friends of the earth u.s. against the bush administration's climate policy and by others against u.s. foreign policy .
this is because of flawed studies in rats.	this is because of early studies in rats.
in may 1998, at the age of 15, kip kinkle (22 december, 1976 - ) shot his father and mother to death and the next day opened fire on classmates in springfield, oregon, murdering two and injuring 25.	in may 1998, at the age of 15, kip kinkle (22 december, 1976 - ) shot his father and mother to death and the next day opened fire on classmates in springfield, oregon, killing two and injuring 25.
his great uncle joe mcilroy was murdered by the ulster volunteer force at his east belfast home in november 1972. as of 2011 he has been dating danish tennis professional caroline wozniacki.	his great uncle joe mcilroy was killed by the ulster volunteer force at his east belfast home in november 1972. as of 2011 he has been dating danish tennis professional caroline wozniacki.
its lead singer juliet simms is the runner up on the second season of the popular nbc singing show competition, the voice (u.s.).	its lead singer juliet simms is the runner up on the second season of the nbc singing show competition, the voice (u.s.).
in the summer of 2001, mungam released a compilation of field recordings of bulgarian folk music called orange twin field works: volume i followed by a live album on the orange twin label, live at jittery joe's.	in the summer of 2001, mangum released a compilation of field recordings of bulgarian folk music called orange twin field works: volume i followed by a live album on the orange twin label, live at jittery joe's.
kat evasco is an award winning queer filipina american stand up comedienne , performing artist, playwright, writer, and producer living in san francisco, ca.	kat evasco is an award winning queer filipina american stand up comedian , performing artist, playwright, writer, and producer living in san francisco, ca.
little river is a scenic river in tennessee which drains a area containing some of the most spectacular scenery in the southeastern united states.	little river is a river in tennessee which drains a area containing some of the most spectacular scenery in the southeastern united states.
stony brook university, (sb), officially known as the state university of new york at stony brook, (sunysb), is a public research university located in stony brook, new york (about 65 miles east of manhattan, new york).	stony brook university, (sb), otherwise known as the state university of new york at stony brook, (sunysb), is a public research university located in stony brook, new york (about 65 miles east of manhattan, new york).
kemp played three disappointing seasons with the cavaliers, where he battled weight problems and often appeared to lack the drive that made him such a force in seattle.	kemp played three seasons with the cavaliers, where he battled weight problems and often appeared to lack the drive that made him such a force in seattle.
his massive research on gov.	his research on gov.
capicorb (also written cap i corb, capicorp or cap i corp) is a quiet seaside village in the valencian community located on the costa del azahar along the eastern mediterranean coast of spain in the province of castell.	capicorb (also written cap i corb, capicorp or cap i corp) is a seaside village in the valencian community located on the costa del azahar along the eastern mediterranean coast of spain in the province of castell.
this well-established pattern, however, was notably broken in 2006 with finnish pseudo- hard rock band lordi's landslide victory.	this well-established pattern, however, was notably broken in 2006 with finnish hard rock band lordi's landslide victory.
"the archbishop cautioned that obama tries to mask his record on abortion and other issues with ""rosy marketing about unity, hope, and change."""	"the archbishop states that obama tries to mask his record on abortion and other issues with ""rosy marketing about unity, hope, and change."""
the camp was liberated on february 14, 1945, by the red army.	the camp was captured on february 14, 1945, by the red army.
it was released on his vanity record label mau5trap on 3 march 2017.	it was released on his record label mau5trap on 3 march 2017.
those two groups were even classified as terror organizations after the murder of a swedish diplomat.	those two groups even classified as terror organizations after the murder of a swedish diplomat.
"they had four childrenlinda's daughter heather (legally adopted by paul), mary, stella and jamesand remained married until linda's untimely death from breast cancer at age 56 in 1998. after linda died, paul stated in the daily mail, ""i got a counsellor because i knew that i would need some help."	"they had four childrenlinda's daughter heather (legally adopted by paul), mary, stella and jamesand remained married until linda's death from breast cancer at age 56 in 1998. after linda died, paul stated in the daily mail, ""i got a counsellor because i knew that i would need some help."
troll has developed into a great mountain, with 4 surface lifts and 1700 vertical feet of terrain.	troll has developed into a full-service ski mountain, with 4 surface lifts and 1700 vertical feet of terrain.
today, monotheistic religions are dominant (mainly due to the missionary efforts of christianity and islam), but polytheism, and to a lesser extent also animism, survive.	today, monotheistic religions are dominant (mainly due to the missionary zeal of christianity and islam), but polytheism, and to a lesser extent also animism, survive.
their controversial policies include the following:	their policies include the following:
often these slaves are used to produce products for export to the west.	often these prisoners are used to produce products for export to the west.
based on the motorola 68k series of microprocessors, the machine sported a custom chipset with advanced graphics and sound capabilities, and a sophisticated pre-emptive multitasking operating system (now known as amigaos).	based on the motorola 68k series of microprocessors, the machine sported a custom chipset with advanced graphics and sound capabilities, and a pre-emptive multitasking operating system (now known as amigaos).
"as an example, lds apologist jeff lindsay composed a satirical documented essay ""proving"" the parallels between the book of mormon and walt whitman's leaves of grass, which was published 25 years after the book of mormon."	"as an example, lds apologist jeff lindsay composed a documented essay ""proving"" the parallels between the book of mormon and walt whitman's leaves of grass, which was published 25 years after the book of mormon."
astronomy is the scientific study of astronomical objects and phenomena, the practice of astrology is concerned with the supposed correlation of the movements of heavenly bodies (which historically involved measurement of the celestial sphere) with earthly and human affairs.	astronomy is the scientific study of astronomical objects and phenomena, the practice of astrology is concerned with the correlation of the movements of heavenly bodies (which historically involved measurement of the celestial sphere) with earthly and human affairs.
it was founded in 1967 and is renowned for its animation and illustration courses, music theatre performance program, and craft and design program.	it was founded in 1967 and is known for its animation and illustration courses, music theatre performance program, and craft and design program.
the 41st parliament was the first term of the controversial fourth labour party government.	the 41st parliament was the first term of the fourth labour party government.
in 2003 the movie shattered glass directed by billy ray presented a overly stylized view of glass's rise and fall and starred hayden christensen (stephen glass) and peter sarsgaard (charles lane).	in 2003 the movie shattered glass directed by billy ray presented a stylized view of glass's rise and fall and starred hayden christensen (stephen glass) and peter sarsgaard (charles lane).
conan the rogue is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the rogue is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
whereas in living legends mukhtiar malik is eminent literary personality ,similerly atta mohammad bhanbhro,amar iqbal,fayaz buriro,mazhar abro,dr.aijaz samo is also contributing to litrature.	whereas in living legends mukhtiar malik is a literary personality ,similerly atta mohammad bhanbhro,amar iqbal,fayaz buriro,mazhar abro,dr.aijaz samo is also contributing to litrature.
henry petty-fitzmaurice, 3rd marquess of lansdowne, kg, pc, frs, statesman (1857)	henry petty-fitzmaurice, 3rd marquess of lansdowne, kg, pc, frs, politician (1857)
nikos kazantzakis (february 18, 1883 october 26, 1957) was arguably the most important greek writer and philosopher of the 20th century, celebrated for his novel zorba the greek, considered his magnum opus.	nikos kazantzakis (february 18, 1883 october 26, 1957) was considered the most important greek writer and philosopher of the 20th century, celebrated for his novel zorba the greek, considered his magnum opus.
over the years, balboa island has developed into a wonderful community, home to professionals, families, retirees, students and celebrities.	over the years, balboa island has developed into a close-knit community, home to professionals, families, retirees, students and celebrities.
in november 2016, bloomberg reported that mordashov was russias richest man , with an estimated worth of $15.7 billion.	in november 2016, bloomberg reported that mordashov was russias richest person , with an estimated worth of $15.7 billion.
died: marie wilson, 56, american comedienne and title character of my friend irma	died: marie wilson, 56, american comedian and title character of my friend irma
gay marriage supporters are trying to get another ballot initiative to overturn proposition 8 in the 2010 election.	same-sex marriage supporters are trying to get another ballot initiative to overturn proposition 8 in the 2010 election.
donwood & tchock also produce with others their remarkable official website radiohead.com.	donwood & tchock also produce with others their official website radiohead.com.
category:mormonism-related controversies	category:mormonism-related criticism
"adamson went on to use it heavily with big country, and it formed an integral part of their infamous ""bagpipe sound""."	"adamson went on to use it heavily with big country, and it formed an integral part of their well known ""bagpipe sound""."
"it was station ceo and in-house political 'commentator' alan chartock's political commentary that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."	"it was station ceo and in-house political 'commentator' alan chartock's political invective that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."
based on the wording of the act, congress clearly viewed the value of an endangered species as incalculable.	based on the wording of the act, congress viewed the value of an endangered species as incalculable.
a song widely known in croatia, nikaj na svetu lepega ni, nego gorica kad nam rodi...(nothing more beautiful in the world than a fruitful hill), appears in an early work by haydn, the cassation in g major (1765).	a song widely known in croatia, nikaj na svetu lepega ni, nego gorica kad nam rodi...(nothing more beautiful in the world than a fruitful hill), has been detected in an early work by haydn, the cassation in g major (1765).
"in addition, the north american version will include a sticker set, mouse pad, desk calendar, a double-sided poster with the factions poster on one side and a map of cantha on the other, and a special dance emote for the assasin and ritualist by using the command "" /dancenew"" where you get backup dancers and cool dances you do with them."	"in addition, the north american version will include a sticker set, mouse pad, desk calendar, a double-sided poster with the factions poster on one side and a map of cantha on the other, and a special dance emote for the assasin and ritualist by using the command "" /dancenew"" where you get backup dancers and different dances you do with them."
godsmack guitarist tony rombola has even stated in interviews that erna is the only religious member of the band.	godsmack guitarist tony rombola has stated in interviews that erna is the only religious member of the band.
reverend allan aubrey boesak (born 23 february 1945 in kakamas, northern cape) is a south african dutch reformed church cleric and fair-weather politician and anti-apartheid activist.	reverend allan aubrey boesak (born 23 february 1945 in kakamas, northern cape) is a south african dutch reformed church cleric and politician and anti-apartheid activist.
this fortunately means that even if his medical condition improves, he would be ineligible to continue his current tenure as prime minister.	this means that even if his medical condition improves, he would be ineligible to continue his current tenure as prime minister.
although basic rights oregon raised nearly $3 million to fight the discriminatory measure, the ballot measure passed, with 57% in favor and 43% opposed.	although basic rights oregon raised nearly $3 million to fight the measure, the ballot measure passed, with 57% in favor and 43% opposed.
it is also known for the old st. james parish and the beautiful beach resort of dakak.	it is also known for the old st. james parish and the beach resort of dakak.
r&b old school refers to the soul acts of the 50's through the 80's and includes such great soul artists as the whispers, ojays, temptations, spinners and the like.	r&b old school refers to the soul acts of the 50's through the 80's and includes such soul artists as the whispers, ojays, temptations, spinners and the like.
"the ""woodhouse wetlands"" nature reserve is situated in woodhouse mill, and boasts several interesting species of fish, birds and other wetland creatures."	"the ""woodhouse wetlands"" nature reserve is situated in woodhouse mill, and boasts several species of fish, birds and other wetland creatures."
behind striking cover art by michael oatman, fun (billed as racer fun), wesell (billed as chairman wow) and graf (now sir mixalot of ice-t) offered 16 new compositions (one hidden) produced and engineered at graf's big saucy sound studio.	behind original cover art by michael oatman, fun (billed as racer fun), wesell (billed as chairman wow) and graf (now sir mixalot of ice-t) offered 16 new compositions (one hidden) produced and engineered at graf's big saucy sound studio.
siddakatte was well known for his extraordinary oratory skills in yakshagana and tala-maddale.	siddakatte was well known for his oratory skills in yakshagana and tala-maddale.
many incidents of crime are also blamed on these desperate foreigners.	many incidents of crime are also blamed on these foreigners.
proper nutrition requires ingestion and absorption of vitamins, minerals, and food energy in the form of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats.	a complete nutrition requires ingestion and absorption of vitamins, minerals, and food energy in the form of carbohydrates, proteins, and fats.
the festival includes a steak fry, spectacular fireworks and teen dance on friday, parade, smorgasbord, mixed doubles softball tournament, horseshoe tournament, craft show and adult dance on saturday and pancake breakfast on sunday morning.	the festival includes a steak fry, fireworks and teen dance on friday, parade, smorgasbord , mixed doubles softball tournament, horseshoe tournament, craft show and adult dance on saturday and pancake breakfast on sunday morning.
most christians follow the western interpretation, that original sin is the general condition of sinfulness (lack of holiness) into which human beings are born (psalm 51:5).	western christians follow the western interpretation, that original sin is the general condition of sinfulness (lack of holiness) into which human beings are born (psalm 51:5).
he frequently appears in the national media as a leftist commentator on a multitude of subjects ranging from the 2000 presidential election controversy to the terri schiavo case in 2005.	he frequently appears in the national media as a commentator on a multitude of subjects ranging from the 2000 presidential election controversy to the terri schiavo case in 2005.
"one day stevenson visited osborn island and was so impressed he whimsically re- christened it ""treasure island"" after his famous novel treasure island (1883) and carved his initials into a bulkhead."	"one day stevenson visited osborn island and was so impressed he whimsically re- named it ""treasure island"" after his famous novel treasure island (1883) and carved his initials into a bulkhead."
unlike condorcet methods , irv does not reliably choose the option closest to the center of the spectrum.	unlike montonic methods, irv does not reliably choose the option closest to the center of the spectrum.
many argue that military drafts and other forms of coerced government labour constitute state-operated slavery.	some argue that military drafts and other forms of coerced government labour constitute state-operated slavery.
everyone was required to immerse in a mikvah after coming into contact with the dead or other ritually unclean (tamei) objects before they could be allowed to enter the holy temple in jerusalem (although to be purified from contact with the dead, sprinkling with the ashes of the red heifer was needed in addition to immersion in a mikvah).	everyone was required to immerse in a mikvah after coming into contact with the dead or other ritually unclean (tamei) objects before they could be allowed to enter the temple in jerusalem (although to be purified from contact with the dead, sprinkling with the ashes of the red heifer was needed in addition to immersion in a mikvah).
mcauliffe has been criticized by some political adversaries including conservative matt drudge, frank rich	mcauliffe has been criticized by some political critics including conservative matt drudge, frank rich
some countries have laws to give redress to those who are offended by blasphemy.	some countries have laws to give recourse to those who are offended by blasphemy.
the newspaper also revealed that another of the plotters, former rhodesian selous scout, edwin mudingi, supported louw's claim .	the newspaper also alleged that another of the plotters, former rhodesian selous scout, edwin mudingi, supported louw's claim .
he is one of only five american-born players to score 500 goals, and is the sixth american player to score 1,000 points.	he is one of five american-born players to score 500 goals, and is the sixth american player to score 1,000 points.
he was one of the few cuban homosexuals not to be persecuted, probably for this reason.	he was one of the few cuban homosexuals not to be persecuted, perhaps for this reason.
it started as a running gun battle through the city as police pursued two men through the streets of london after a campaign of bombings and shootings throughout london that lasted for more than a year, resulting in the murders of numerous people and included the assassination of guinness book of records co-founder and tv personality ross mcwhirter, who had offered a reward to anyone willing to inform the security forces of ira activity.	it started as a running gun battle through the city as police pursued two men through the streets of london after a campaign of bombings and shootings throughout london that lasted for more than a year, resulting in the deaths of numerous people and included the assassination of guinness book of records co-founder and tv personality ross mcwhirter, who had offered a reward to anyone willing to inform the security forces of ira activity.
unfortunately , prevailing overcast skies limited allied air support, so no serious damage was done to the beach defences on omaha and juno.	in the event , prevailing overcast skies limited allied air support, so no serious damage was done to the beach defences on omaha and juno.
after test marketing in 1947, hi-c orange drink was introduced in 1948 with a massive promotional effort, spending thousands of pre-inflation dollars weekly per market on promotions.	after test marketing in 1947, hi-c orange drink was introduced in 1948 with a massive promotional effort, spending thousands of dollars weekly per market on promotions.
the aims of social documentation continue today in puerto rican photographer manuel rivera-ortiz's heart-wrenching photographs of lives in poverty.	the aims of social documentation continue today in puerto rican photographer manuel rivera-ortiz's photographs of lives in poverty.
"jeremiah wright's church sharply criticized the media for recent coverage of his past controversial sermons, saying in a statement that wright's ""character is being assassinated in the public sphere."""	"jeremiah wright's church has criticized the media for recent coverage of his past controversial sermons, saying in a statement that wright's ""character is being assassinated in the public sphere."""
weak rulersedward vi was a sickly boy who, throughout his reign, was the pawn of two 'regents', edward seymour, duke of somerset, and john dudley, duke of northumberland.	weak rulers<p>edward vi was a sickly boy who, throughout his reign, was the pawn of two 'regents', edward seymour, duke of somerset, and john dudley, duke of northumberland.
the ridged band is part of the prepuce or foreskin described by dr john r. taylor (a canadian pathologist and anti-circumcision activist , though some prefer the term genital integrity advocate) at the 1991 second international symposium on circumcision, organised by leading anti-circumcision organisation nocirc.	the ridged band is part of the prepuce or foreskin described by dr john r. taylor (a canadian pathologist and anti-circumcision advocate , though some prefer the term genital integrity advocate) at the 1991 second international symposium on circumcision, organised by leading anti-circumcision organisation nocirc.
here's to you is a well-known song by joan baez, released in 1971 as part of the soundtrack of the film sacco e vanzetti.	here's to you is a song by joan baez, released in 1971 as part of the soundtrack of the film sacco e vanzetti.
however, critics have pointed out that it would instead symbolize a reversion to japanese colonialism, since japan standard time is one hour ahead of chinese standard time, even though taiwan's time was one hour behind that of mainland japan's before 1937, while taiwan was under japanese occupation from 1895 to 1945.	however, critics have pointed out that it would instead symbolize a reversion to japanese colonialism, since japan standard time is one hour ahead of chinese standard time, even though taiwan's time was one hour behind that of mainland japan's before 1937, while taiwan was under japanese administration from 1895 to 1945.
kaplan thaler has co-authored three best-selling books: bang!	kaplan thaler has co-authored three books: bang!
during the 2004 u.s. presidential election, there were many problems with the election process in ohio, including missing and uncounted votes; machine malfunctions; machine shortages; machine mis-voting; and anomalous statistical discrepancies in vote tabulations, such as more votes than voters.	during the 2004 u.s. presidential election, there were allegations of problems with the election process in ohio, including missing and uncounted votes; machine malfunctions; machine shortages; machine mis-voting; and anomalous statistical discrepancies in vote tabulations, such as more votes than voters.
source of inertia; fringe theories	source of inertia; speculative theories
"a popular forum on ultimate guitar archive entitled ""the pit""."	"a forum on ultimate guitar archive entitled ""the pit""."
unfortunately this did not happen and the plan evolved to become the current best of hilary duff.	this did not happen and the plan evolved to become the current best of hilary duff.
jennifer mosely (lindsey shaw) is ned's attractive best friend.	jennifer mosely (lindsey shaw) is ned's best friend.
gaddafi's youngest son, saif al-arab al-gaddafi, is killed in a nato airstrike, according to the libyan government, along with three of the dictators grandchildren.	gaddafi's youngest son, saif al-arab al-gaddafi, is killed in a nato airstrike, according to the libyan government, along with three of the leaders' grandchildren.
20 itk 40 vkt or 20 mm dual anti-aircraft cannon model 1940 manufactured by vkt was a finnish light anti-aircraft gun designed by the famous finnish gunsmith aimo lahti.	20 itk 40 vkt or 20 mm dual anti-aircraft cannon model 1940 manufactured by vkt was a finnish light anti-aircraft gun designed by the finnish gunsmith aimo lahti.
american renaissance, is a monthly racist magazine published by the new century foundation.	american renaissance, is a monthly magazine published by the new century foundation.
"during the committee meeting democrat rep. sheila jackson lee claimed that gannon had engaged in ""a penetration of the white house, maybe a security breech, and i do not believe it can be answered with self-investigation."""	"during the committee meeting democrat rep. sheila jackson lee stated that gannon had engaged in ""a penetration of the white house, maybe a security breech, and i do not believe it can be answered with self-investigation."""
richard muir (born 18 june 1943) is a british landscape archaeologist and bestselling author living outside harrogate, yorkshire.	richard muir (born 18 june 1943) is a british landscape archaeologist and author living outside harrogate, yorkshire.
"the offensive's first thrust fell upon the multinational units of us i corps, which fiercely resisted at the battle of the imjin river and the battle of kapyong which took place at the same time over the period 2225 april 1951, blunting the impetus of the offensive, which was halted at the ""no-name line"" north of seoul."	"the offensive's first thrust fell upon the multinational units of us i corps, which resisted at the battle of the imjin river and the battle of kapyong which took place at the same time over the period 2225 april 1951, blunting the impetus of the offensive, which was halted at the ""no-name line"" north of seoul."
it is a tradition for every berkeley a cappella group to perform under the campus' iconic sather gate each week at different times during the week.	it is a tradition for every berkeley a cappella group to perform under the campus' sather gate each week at different times during the week.
an example of this is the notorious (and completely fraudulent) the protocols of the elders of zion.	an example of this is the notorious (and fraudulent) the protocols of the elders of zion.
joshua won with a 7th-round stoppage after a powerful knocking povetkin down twice.	joshua won with a 7th-round stoppage after a knocking povetkin down twice.
archduchess maria antonia of austria (german: erzherzogin maria antonia von sterreich; november 2 1755 october 16 1793) was the controversial queen consort of france as the wife of louis xvi and is best known as marie antoinette (pronounced ).	archduchess maria antonia of austria (german: erzherzogin maria antonia von sterreich; november 2 1755 october 16 1793) was the queen consort of france as the wife of louis xvi and is best known as marie antoinette (pronounced ).
the right to die is a concept based on the belief that a human being is entitled to end their own life or to undergo voluntary euthanasia.	the right to die is a concept based on the opinion that a human being is entitled to end their own life or to undergo voluntary euthanasia.
new recruits are indoctrinated at various training centres.	new recruits are trained at various training centres.
in the popular webcomic penny arcade, the character gabe is a great dreamcast fan.	in the webcomic penny arcade, the character gabe is a great dreamcast fan.
damyan yovanov gruev, often known by his short name dame gruev, (january 19, 1871, smilevo - december 10, 1906 near petlec peak in maleshevo) was a macedonian insurgent leader in ottoman macedonia and thrace.	damyan yovanov gruev, often known by his short name dame gruev, (january 19, 1871, smilevo - december 10, 1906 near petlec peak in maleshevo) was a bulgarian insurgent leader in ottoman macedonia and thrace.
coconut oil can be used as a skin moisturizer, helping with dry skin and reduces protein loss when used in hair.	coconut oil can be used as a skin moisturizer, helping with dry skin and was shown in one study to reduce protein loss when used in hair .
some of the better-known attacks by irgun were the bombing of the king david hotel in jerusalem on 22 july 1946 and the deir yassin massacre (accomplished together with the stern gang) on 9 april 1948. in the west, irgun was despectively described as a terrorist organization by the new york times newspaper, and by the anglo-american committee of enquiry.	some of the better-known attacks by irgun were the bombing of the king david hotel in jerusalem on 22 july 1946 and the deir yassin massacre (accomplished together with the stern gang) on 9 april 1948. in the west, irgun was negatively described as a terrorist organization by the new york times newspaper, and by the anglo-american committee of enquiry.
stormfront also hosts extensive links to racist organizations.	stormfront also hosts extensive links to racialist organizations.
fuels used to make hydrogen could achieve larger reductions in greenhouse gas emissions if used to replace the worst of the electric power plants.	fuels used to make hydrogen could achieve larger reductions in greenhouse gas emissions if used to replace the least efficient of the electric power plants.
the awu scandal refers to allegations of embezzlement via a slush fund established for the awu workplace reform association in the early 1990s by bruce wilson and ralph blewitt, officials of the australian workers' union (awu).	the awu scandal refers to allegations of embezzlement via a fund established for the awu workplace reform association in the early 1990s by bruce wilson and ralph blewitt, officials of the australian workers' union (awu).
kanban can be used to organize many areas of an organisation and should be designed accordingly.	kanban can be used to organize many areas of an organisation and can be designed accordingly.
expelled: no intelligence allowed, a documentary about intelligent design creationism	expelled: no intelligence allowed, a documentary about intelligent design
the fifth installment in the x-men series, the film was directed by matthew vaughn and produced by bryan singer, and acts as a loose prequel to the original x-men trilogy.	the fifth installment in the x-men series, the film was directed by matthew vaughn and produced by bryan singer, and acts as a prequel to the original x-men trilogy.
celebrated author and cause celebre.	author and cause celebre.
he served as chairman of the aboriginal and torres strait islander commission (atsic), appointed on 6 december 1996 to 2000.	he served as chairperson of the aboriginal and torres strait islander commission (atsic), appointed on 6 december 1996 to 2000.
"the offending nudity was a photograph of a male's bare bottom (presumably of a microsoft or bungie employee) which appeared as a "".ass"" error when using the map editor in halo 2 for windows vista."	"the nudity was a photograph of a male's bare bottom (presumably of a microsoft or bungie employee) which appeared as a "".ass"" error when using the map editor in halo 2 for windows vista."
his office also had a dismal overall prosecution rate of only 7 percent	his office also had a overall prosecution rate of only 7 percent
frdric prinz von anhalt (born in 1943 ) is a german american douchebag best known as one of the husbands of the actress zsa zsa gabor.	frdric prinz von anhalt (born in 1943 ) is a german american best known as one of the husbands of the actress zsa zsa gabor.
however, the palace itself contains only of floorspace.	however, the palace itself contains of floorspace.
uk uncut is a far-left united kingdom-based protest group established in october 2010 to protest against tax avoidance in the uk and to raise awareness about cuts to public services.	uk uncut is a united kingdom-based protest group established in october 2010 to protest against tax avoidance in the uk and to raise awareness about cuts to public services.
having won several awards for her dancing, she trained in bharatanatyam for 8 years from the famous vani ganpathy .	having won several awards for her dancing, she trained in bharatanatyam for 8 years from the vani ganpathy.
by 1935, all 32 original j class locomotives had reached the end of their usefulness and were discarded, and sadly none survived to be preserved.	by 1935, all 32 original j class locomotives had reached the end of their usefulness and were discarded, and none survived to be preserved.
however recent tests by consumer watch groups have also shown negative results.	however recent tests by consumer watch groups have shown negative results.
the warlike british authorities in accra knew well how powerful possession of the stool might be in the control of the ashanti and sir frederick hodgson decided to take it for himself in the name of queen victoria in order to demonstrate his strength and ability to other west african nations who might oppose him.	the british authorities in accra knew well how powerful possession of the stool might be in the control of the ashanti and sir frederick hodgson decided to take it for himself in the name of queen victoria in order to demonstrate his strength and ability to other west african nations who might oppose him.
tellier was a driving force behind the successful privatization of the company in 1995 and was widely seen as being the principal visionary behind cn's purchase of illinois central, which saw the company expand its focus from an exclusively east-west orientation into a north-south one.	tellier was a driving force behind the successful privatization of the company in 1995 and was widely seen as being the principal instigator behind cn's purchase of illinois central, which saw the company expand its focus from an exclusively east-west orientation into a north-south one.
a total of four series were broadcast, with the final episode airing on 19 january 2004. the series boasted an ensemble cast, initially led by haydn gwynne as superintendent susan blake.	a total of four series were broadcast, with the final episode airing on 19 january 2004. the series had an ensemble cast, initially led by haydn gwynne as superintendent susan blake.
the veterans group was unfortunately successful, and used political pressure - and some believe a sympathetic ear in government - to publicly intimidate the museum into changing the exhibit.	the veterans group was successful, and used political pressure - and some believe a sympathetic ear in government - to publicly intimidate the museum into changing the exhibit.
in district of columbia v. heller, the court ruled that a washington, d.c. ordinance banning handguns in the home was a violation of the second amendment right .	in district of columbia v. heller, the court ruled that a washington, d.c. ordinance banning handguns in the home was a violation of the second amendment.
the caduceus is often incorrectly used as a symbol for medicine or doctors, in place of the rod of asclepius which is the usual symbol of the medical profession.	the caduceus is often also used as a symbol for medicine or doctors, in place of the rod of asclepius which is the usual symbol of the medical profession.
middle claydon is the location of claydon house, that was the home of sir edmund verney, an english civil war royalist hero , and of florence nightingale.	middle claydon is the location of claydon house, that was the home of sir edmund verney, an english civil war royalist, and of florence nightingale.
the following are subjects regarded as pseudoscientific by mainstream scientific skepticism bodies but not by an academy of sciences or specialized organization.	the following are subjects regarded as pseudoscientific by scientific skepticism bodies but not by an academy of sciences or specialized organization.
"chapter 5, passages from the life of a philosopher, charles babbage, 1864. isbn 1-85196-040-6, illustrating that even babbage had to deal with people who displayed remarkable levels of what would now be called ""computer illiteracy""."	"chapter 5, passages from the life of a philosopher, charles babbage, 1864. isbn 1-85196-040-6, illustrating that even babbage had to deal with people who displayed illogical levels of what would now be called ""computer illiteracy""."
the hebrew bible does not explicitly mention the law in connection with noah, nor that there were seven laws.	the hebrew bible does not mention the law in connection with noah, nor that there were seven laws.
australia and international oil companies have pressured east timor to accept a petroleum revenue-sharing formula while deferring permanent boundary resolution and foregoing legal avenues.	australia and international oil companies have been accused of pressuring east timor to accept a petroleum revenue-sharing formula while deferring permanent boundary resolution and foregoing legal avenues.
shine limited, otherwise known as shine entertainment, is a successful uk based media production company with offices in london and manchester.	shine limited, otherwise known as shine entertainment, is a uk based media production company with offices in london and manchester.
using adult material that is sexually explicit or any vulgar or obscene remarks or gestures) is generally prohibited unless performing for an adults-only environment such as in a bar or pub.	using material that is sexually explicit or any vulgar or obscene remarks or gestures) is generally prohibited unless performing for an adults-only environment such as in a bar or pub.
"one-sided definitions such as these have been criticized as ""a homophobic hijacking of a word originally introduced as a polite, learned term, an alternative to ugly words like 'bugger' and 'sodomite'"""	"definitions such as these have been criticized as ""a homophobic hijacking of a word originally introduced as a polite, learned term, an alternative to ugly words like 'bugger' and 'sodomite'"""
it tells the story of a painfully shy waitress who decides to change the lives of those around her for the better, while struggling with her own isolation.	it tells the story of a shy waitress who decides to change the lives of those around her for the better, while struggling with her own isolation.
grandia ii sports a refreshing battle system known as the ultimate action battle system which is more tactical than what is usual on computer rpgs, especially those developed by japanese companies.	grandia ii sports a unique battle system known as the ultimate action battle system which is more tactical than what is usual on computer rpgs, especially those developed by japanese companies.
biographies of hubbard by independent journalists and accounts by former scientologists paint a much darker picture of hubbard and in many cases contradict the material presented by the church.	biographies of hubbard by independent journalists and accounts by former scientologists paint a much different picture of hubbard and in many cases contradict the material presented by the church.
o'reilly has also criticized rinos .	o'reilly has also criticized republicans .
though a follow-up to his humorously deadpan previous book, the zombie survival guide, world war z is more serious in tone, and strives to be both factually and psychologically convincing.	though a follow-up to his deadpan previous book, the zombie survival guide, world war z is more serious in tone, and strives to be both factually and psychologically convincing.
"the victims of the bombings are called , a japanese word that literally translates to ""explosion-affected people""."	"the survivors of the bombings are called , a japanese word that literally translates to ""explosion-affected people""."
he is best known for starring as mohandas gandhi in the film gandhi in 1982, for which he won the academy award for best actor.	he is known for starring as mohandas gandhi in the film gandhi in 1982, for which he won the academy award for best actor.
later the state also forced all people to belong to a specific buddhist movement according to the formula:	later the state also forced all people to belong to a specific buddhist school according to the formula:
lgbt rights in uruguay are among the most advanced in south america.	lgbt rights in uruguay are among the most liberal in south america.
and despite losing its exclusiveness in the controversial referendum, new signs about belarusian can be seen to trickle down into the life of the belarusian society with advertising campaigns supporting the cause (outdoor billboards promoting and acquainting with the belarusian language, branding campaigns for the leading telecommunication providers like velcom, etc.	and despite losing its exclusiveness in the 1995 belarusian referendum, new signs about belarusian can be seen to trickle down into the life of the belarusian society with advertising campaigns supporting the cause (outdoor billboards promoting and acquainting with the belarusian language, branding campaigns for the leading telecommunication providers like velcom, etc.
the sequel featured the same animals and the same actors voicing the animals except for shadow who was voiced by ralph waite in the sequel because don ameche had sadly died after playing his role.	the sequel featured the same animals and the same actors voicing the animals except for shadow who was voiced by ralph waite in the sequel because don ameche had died after playing his role.
based on several sources, they demonstrate that the german army faced no irregular forces in belgium and france during the first two and a half months of wwi .	based on several sources, they contend that the german army faced no irregular forces in belgium and france during the first two and a half months of wwi .
"the conservative boston herald criticized patrick for meeting in a diner with william bulger former state senate president and brother of fugitive organized crime figure james ""whitey"" bulger."	"the boston herald criticized patrick for meeting in a diner with william bulger former state senate president and brother of fugitive organized crime figure james ""whitey"" bulger."
after the national socialists came to power under adolf hitler in january 1933, kaas reluctantly supported the enabling act of march 1933, largely in order to protect the interests of the catholic church, which was in the process of negotiating a concordat with the german government.	after the national socialists came to power under adolf hitler in january 1933, kaas supported the enabling act of march 1933, largely in order to protect the interests of the catholic church, which was in the process of negotiating a concordat with the german government.
over the course of history, tensions have arisen when they overstepped their bounds.	over the course of history, tensions have arisen when church leaders have been perceived to have overstepped their bounds.
in the sacha baron cohen movie brno, the character brno interviewed palestinian christian ayman abu aita, who was falsely portrayed in the movie as a leader of the militant group.	in the sacha baron cohen movie brno, the character brno interviewed palestinian christian ayman abu aita, who was portrayed in the movie as a leader of the militant group.
dastyari strongly supports same-sex marriage.	dastyari supports same-sex marriage.
harcourt was married to ellen knowles, his second wife, who died in 1984. before her passing , ellen knowles harcourt founded the alfred harcourt foundation in honor of her late husband.	harcourt was married to ellen knowles, his second wife, who died in 1984. before her death , ellen knowles harcourt founded the alfred harcourt foundation in honor of her late husband.
simko shikak also ismail agha shikak (1887-1930), was a bandit .	simko shikak also ismail agha shikak (1887-1930), was a kurdish politician and nationalist .
stv advocates boast that, by requiring a candidate to appeal to the supporters of other candidates for their second and further preferences, it reduces adversarial confrontation, and indeed, gives a substantial advantage to candidates who broaden their appeal by being not only collegial but as open-minded and flexible in their principles as they can manage.	stv advocates argue that, by requiring a candidate to appeal to the supporters of other candidates for their second and further preferences, it reduces adversarial confrontation, and indeed, gives a substantial advantage to candidates who broaden their appeal by being not only collegial but as open-minded and flexible in their principles as they can manage.
holly is the long time guitarist for legendary artists such as little richard, the amazing rhythm aces, and the the decoys.	holly is the long time guitarist for artists such as little richard, the amazing rhythm aces, and the the decoys.
falconet's awesome statue of peter i has become one of the symbols of st petersburg	falconet's statue of peter i has become one of the symbols of st petersburg
pepe images and donald trump memes were tweeted, some of which were sexually explicit, violent, or mixed with nazi propaganda .	pepe images and donald trump memes were tweeted, some of which were sexually explicit, violent, or mixed with nazi imagery .
he opposed the recall of californian governor gray davis, and warned in an interview that replacing davis with arnold schwarzenegger would be a mistake.	he opposed the recall of californian governor gray davis, and stated in an interview that replacing davis with arnold schwarzenegger would be a mistake.
they stated to have between several hundreds and thousands of terrorists under arms.	they stated to have between several hundreds and thousands of fighters under arms.
legend has magnified the victory into the rout of 200,000 moslems under five kings; but so far was the battle from being decisive that in 1140 the moors were able to seize the fortress of leiria, built by alphonso in 1135 as an outpost for the defence of coimbra, his capital.	legend has magnified the victory into the rout of 200,000 muslims under five kings; but so far was the battle from being decisive that in 1140 the moors were able to seize the fortress of leiria, built by alphonso in 1135 as an outpost for the defence of coimbra, his capital.
the split among the progressive camp into pro-moscow and pro-peking factions eventually led to the breakup of nap into two separate parties; the pro-moscow faction being led by muzaffar ahmed.	the split among the left-wing camp into pro-moscow and pro-peking factions eventually led to the breakup of nap into two separate parties; the pro-moscow faction being led by muzaffar ahmed.
"a total of 52 films have been scored an ""a+"" since cinemascore's inception ."	"a total of 52 films have been scored an ""a+"" since cinemascore's inception most a given a lower score"
auk was founded in 2002 and admitted its first students in september 2003. its initial funding came from the fund for the reconstruction of kosovo, which itself was funded by voluntary contributions from the ethnic albanian diaspora to support the underground parallel institutions operated within kosovo and metohija during the period before the 1999 nato aggresion .	auk was founded in 2002 and admitted its first students in september 2003. its initial funding came from the fund for the reconstruction of kosovo, which itself was funded by voluntary contributions from the ethnic albanian diaspora to support the underground parallel institutions operated within kosovo and metohija during the period before the 1999 nato intervention .
at least one bigoted newspaper editor in the south said that sesame street tries to corrupt children from an early age by promoting race-mixing, lesbianism, feminism, and communism.	at least one newspaper editor in the south said that sesame street tries to corrupt children from an early age by promoting race-mixing, lesbianism, feminism, and communism.
amitabh bachchan (; hindi: ) (also known as amitabh or big b), born october 11 1942 is a extreme popular indian film actor.	amitabh bachchan (; hindi: ) (also known as amitabh or big b), born october 11 1942 is a very popular indian film actor.
attack on '24'	comments on '24'
billy james hargis disgraced televangelist .	billy james hargis american televangelist .
the release of this product coincided with the phasing out of vanilla coke and its diet counterpart in north america and the rechristening of cherry coke as coca-cola cherry.	the release of this product coincided with the phasing out of vanilla coke and its diet counterpart in north america and the renaming of cherry coke as coca-cola cherry.
he wrote the libretti for 28 operas by 11 composers, including three of mozart's greatest operas, don giovanni, the marriage of figaro and cos fan tutte.	he wrote the libretti for 28 operas by 11 composers, including three of mozart's most celebrated operas, don giovanni, the marriage of figaro and cos fan tutte.
this important parable demonstrates the need to pray and never give up.	this parable demonstrates the need to pray and never give up.
he was an immensely popular judge whose career was sadly cut short by his early death in 2009.	he was an immensely popular judge whose career was cut short by his early death in 2009.
westboro baptists have demonstrated at temple square in salt lake city, utah, and made obscene anti-mormon statements to the press and in sermons.	westboro baptists have demonstrated at temple square in salt lake city, utah, and made anti-mormon statements to the press and in sermons.
in 1926, nba president charles h. calloway repudiated any relationship to the old nnba.	in 1926, nba president charles h. calloway publicly denied any relationship to the old nnba.
stian aarstad stole the melody, but didn't tell anyone about it.	stian aarstad used the melody, but didn't tell anyone about it.
he later moved to beirut, lebanon in 1982 after the rebellion was crushed by the apostate government.	he later moved to beirut, lebanon in 1982 after the rebellion was crushed by the asad government.
some gifted people can type upwards of 70 wpm with two fingers.	some people can type upwards of 70 wpm with two fingers.
in the early 1970s he commented upon how odious he found the emerging mormon boy band, the osmonds, especially donny osmond.	in the early 1970s he commented upon how odious he found the emerging american boy band, the osmonds, especially donny osmond.
ko phi has nice places to snorkel, depending on the direction of wind.	ko phi has places to snorkel, depending on the direction of wind.
the film grossed $228 million worldwide against a production budget of $144 million and was considered a box office disappointment .	the film grossed $228 million worldwide against a production budget of $144 million and was considered a box office bomb .
his considerable career as a movie scriptwriter was curtailed by alcoholism, and his contribution to the night of the hunter (1955) remains unclear.	his career as a movie scriptwriter was curtailed by alcoholism, and his contribution to the night of the hunter (1955) remains unclear.
more information about the infamous illinois chautauqua can be found on their website, www.oldsalemillinois.com.	more information about the illinois chautauqua can be found on their website, www.oldsalemillinois.com.
gyanendra bir bikram shah dev, king of nepal (nepali: ; jñnendra vra vikrama hadeva) (born july 7, 1947) has been the king of nepal since june 4, 2001. he succeeded to the throne upon the death of his nephew dipendra bir bikram shah, who was only king for three days whilst in a coma, following a massacre of the preceding king (gyanendra's brother, birendra) and other members of the royal family, allegedly committed by dipendra himself.	gyanendra bir bikram shah dev, king of nepal (nepali: ; jñnendra vra vikrama hadeva) (born july 7, 1947) has been the king of nepal since june 4, 2001. he succeeded to the throne upon the death of his nephew dipendra bir bikram shah, who was only king for three days whilst in a coma, following a massacre of the preceding king (gyanendra's brother, birendra) and other members of the royal family, apparently committed by dipendra himself.
johnson had purposely agitated the situation having appointed william rosecrans as minister to mexico, whom grant had been at personal emnity since the battle of iuka in 1862. grant also took a very unique approach, yet in step with his own military instincts, to his cabinet choices; they were made without consultation with congress, and were kept secret until they were disclosed with submission of the names to the senate for confirmation.	johnson had agitated the situation having appointed william rosecrans as minister to mexico, whom grant had been at personal emnity since the battle of iuka in 1862. grant also took a very unique approach, yet in step with his own military instincts, to his cabinet choices; they were made without consultation with congress, and were kept secret until they were disclosed with submission of the names to the senate for confirmation.
many states, in response to kelo, have passed laws which make it more difficult for state governments to seize private land.	a number of states, in response to kelo, have passed laws which make it more difficult for state governments to seize private land.
it remained a colony of spain until the spanishamerican war of 1898, which led to nominal independence as a de facto united states protectorate in 1902. as a fragile republic, cuba attempted to strengthen its democratic system, but mounting political radicalization and social strife culminated in the dictatorship of fulgencio batista in 1952. further unrest and instability led to batista's ousting in january 1959 by the july 26 movement, which afterwards established a dictatorship under the leadership of fidel castro.	it remained a colony of spain until the spanishamerican war of 1898, which led to nominal independence as a de facto united states protectorate in 1902. as a fragile republic, cuba attempted to strengthen its democratic system, but mounting political radicalization and social strife culminated in the dictatorship of fulgencio batista in 1952. further unrest and instability led to batista's ousting in january 1959 by the july 26 movement, which afterwards established a government under the leadership of fidel castro.
beall has been criticized by london school of economics librarians, for bias against open-access journals from less economically developed countries: for example, responding to one of beall's fallacies , monica berger and jill cirasella state that imperfect english or a predominantly non-western editorial board does not make a journal predatory .	beall has been criticized by london school of economics librarians, for bias against open-access journals from less economically developed countries: for example, responding to one of beall's arguments , monica berger and jill cirasella state that imperfect english or a predominantly non-western editorial board does not make a journal predatory .
sandra annette bullock, ipa: (born july 26, 1964) is a screen actors guild award-winning and two-time golden globe award-nominated american-german actress .	sandra annette bullock, ipa: (born july 26, 1964) is a screen actors guild award-winning and two-time golden globe award-nominated american-german actor .
the ray d'arcy show is responsible for launching the professional career of the comedienne maeve higgins, who auditioned for a nationwide competition organised by the show in february 2004.	the ray d'arcy show is responsible for launching the professional career of the comedian maeve higgins, who auditioned for a nationwide competition organised by the show in february 2004.
she despises the hypocrisy of mr. brocklehurst, and sees the deficiencies in st. john rivers' indulgent yet detached devotion to his christian duty.	she despises the hypocrisy of mr. brocklehurst, and sees deficiencies in st. john rivers' indulgent yet detached devotion to his christian duty.
pronunciation of lieutenant is generally split between the forms left-tenant ( or ) and lieu -tenant ( or ), with the former generally associated with the united kingdom and her former dominions, and the latter generally associated with the usa.	pronunciation of lieutenant is generally split between the forms left-tenant ( or ) and loo -tenant ( or ), with the former generally associated with the united kingdom and her former dominions, and the latter generally associated with the usa.
22 - wakefield trinity wildcats cancelled the contract of terry newton following his two-year ban from rugby for taking the self-administered human growth hormone hgh, later that year newton sadly died in his home in orrell.	22 - wakefield trinity wildcats cancelled the contract of terry newton following his two-year ban from rugby for taking the self-administered human growth hormone hgh, later that year newton died in his home in orrell.
the names were first used by the uvf in 1974, and have since been used to claim the murders of at least 41 civilians.	the names were first used by the uvf in 1974, and have since been used to claim the killings of at least 41 civilians.
aileen is a proud member of all three actors unions, sag, aftra, and actors equity, and has been an adjunct professor at monmouth university in the arts department.	aileen is a member of all three actors unions, sag, aftra, and actors equity, and has been an adjunct professor at monmouth university in the arts department.
in addition, there is no need to create the article text under every possible topic name, wikipedia:redirect shows you the proper name to address alternative spellings or name variants.	in addition, there is no need to create the article text under every possible topic name, wikipedia:redirect shows you the proper way in wikipedia to address alternative spellings or name variants.
tanner on the popular television sitcom, full house.	tanner on the television sitcom, full house.
it featured country music stars, curvaceous comediennes , and banjo playing bumpkins whose pickin' and grinnin' picked on city slickers and grinned at the buxom all jugs band.	it featured country music stars, curvaceous comedians , and banjo playing bumpkins whose pickin' and grinnin' picked on city slickers and grinned at the buxom all jugs band.
"these stereotypes may result from cultural false assumptions that ""men and women are so different that desire for one is an entirely different beast from desire for the other"" (""a defining feature of heterosexism""), and that ""verbalizing a sexual desire inevitably leads to attempts to satisfy that desire."""	"these stereotypes may result from cultural assumptions that ""men and women are so different that desire for one is an entirely different beast from desire for the other"" (""a defining feature of heterosexism""), and that ""verbalizing a sexual desire inevitably leads to attempts to satisfy that desire."""
during the call, walker had discussed deceiving the democrats into returning, purportedly to negotiate regarding the bill, but actually in order to obtain a quorum through a ruse.	during the call, walker had discussed getting the democrats into returning, purportedly to negotiate regarding the bill, but actually in order to obtain a quorum through a ruse.
the snooty residents of the islands of colaba and bombay called it a distant suburb.	the residents of the islands of colaba and bombay called it a distant suburb.
ibm wasn't granted oem rights for windows 95 until 15 minutes prior to the release of windows 95, august 24, 1995. because of this uncertainty, ibm machines were sold without windows 95, while compaq, hp and other indulgent companies sold machines with windows 95 from day one.	ibm wasn't granted oem rights for windows 95 until 15 minutes prior to the release of windows 95, august 24, 1995. because of this uncertainty, ibm machines were sold without windows 95, while compaq, hp and other companies sold machines with windows 95 from day one.
edmonds was involved in the historic live aid concerts in 1985, transporting stars to and from the wembley stadium concert via helicopter and appearing on stage at wembley to introduce the joint set by sting and phil collins.	edmonds was involved in the live aid concerts in 1985, transporting stars to and from the wembley stadium concert via helicopter and appearing on stage at wembley to introduce the joint set by sting and phil collins.
neo-renaissance architecture is formed by not only the severe original italian architecture but by the form in which renaissance architecture developed in france during the 16th century.	neo-renaissance architecture is formed by not only the original italian architecture but by the form in which renaissance architecture developed in france during the 16th century.
are proprietary and licensed under a restrictive custom license: the planeshift content license (pcl).	are proprietary and licensed under a custom license: the planeshift content license (pcl).
in may 2013, kotsiopoulos made a cameo appearance with comedienne joan rivers in the box office superhero film iron man 3.	in may 2013, kotsiopoulos made a cameo appearance with comedian joan rivers in the box office superhero film iron man 3.
membership status: active figurehead	membership status: active leader
the concept of a group of student leaders pooling their talents and interests to plan and promote a major event for their campus was a good idea.	the concept of a group of student leaders pooling their talents and interests to plan and promote a major event for their campus was a popular idea.
opponents of the plan have questioned the motives of the commission largely from a civil liberties perspective, asserting the intitiative campaign is little more than a thinly veiled proxy for the pharmaceutical industry, which, in its pursuit of profits, is far too eager to foster psychotropic medication interventions, often coercively.	opponents of the plan have questioned the motives of the commission largely from a civil liberties perspective, asserting the intitiative campaign is little more than a thinly veiled proxy for the pharmaceutical industry, which, in its pursuit of profits, is too eager to foster psychotropic medication interventions, often coercively.
he is best known for his roles as morpheus in the matrix science fiction film trilogy, mr. clean in apocalypse now, cowboy curtis on the television show pee-wee's playhouse, ike turner in the tina turner biopic what's love got to do with it and as furious styles in boyz n the hood.	he is known for his roles as morpheus in the matrix science fiction film trilogy, mr. clean in apocalypse now, cowboy curtis on the television show pee-wee's playhouse, ike turner in the tina turner biopic what's love got to do with it and as furious styles in boyz n the hood.
get the funk out is the second single from extreme's successful second studio album pornograffitti.	get the funk out is the second single from extreme's second studio album pornograffitti.
three months later they launched the soviet invasion of manchuria, and attacked the japanese forces in manchuria.	four months later they launched the soviet invasion of manchuria, and attacked the japanese forces in manchuria.
the southern portion of the bay is surrounded by the united states naval station guantnamo bay, a naval base established in 1898. recently, the base at guantnamo bay began hosting a concentration camp for militant combatants collected from both afghanistan and iraq.	the southern portion of the bay is surrounded by the united states naval station guantnamo bay, a naval base established in 1898. recently, the base at guantnamo bay began hosting a detainment camp for militant combatants collected from both afghanistan and iraq.
in another shocking case, judge richard baumgartner, an ex-addict and knox county, tennessee's drug court judge, pleaded guilty to criminal misconduct for hearing cases while using drugs, purchasing drugs from defendants in his courtroom, and having sex in his chambers with defendants.	in another controversial case, judge richard baumgartner, an ex-addict and knox county, tennessee's drug court judge, pleaded guilty to criminal misconduct for hearing cases while using drugs, purchasing drugs from defendants in his courtroom, and having sex in his chambers with defendants.
scholars have noted many similarities between the myths of ziusudra, atrahasis, utnapishtim and noah.	scholars have noted many similarities between the stories of ziusudra, atrahasis, utnapishtim and noah.
"the music video for ""suffocate me"" was famously aired once by mtv during 120 minutes, where it was seen by garbage co-founder steve marker."	"the music video for ""suffocate me"" was aired once by mtv during 120 minutes, where it was seen by garbage co-founder steve marker."
"to date, efforts to resolve the conflict have ended in deadlock, and the people of israel , jews and arabs, are engaged in a bloody conflict, called variously the ""arab-israeli conflict"" or ""israeli-palestinian conflict""."	"to date, efforts to resolve the conflict have ended in deadlock, and the people of the region , jews and arabs, are engaged in a bloody conflict, called variously the ""arab-israeli conflict"" or ""israeli-palestinian conflict""."
nanotechnology is dangerous term describing a broad range of avenues of current scientific inquiry, all having in common a focus on understanding and controlling the structure of matter on a scale below 100 nanometers.	nanotechnology is a term describing a broad range of avenues of current scientific inquiry, all having in common a focus on understanding and controlling the structure of matter on a scale below 100 nanometers.
by the preliminary peace of san stefano, the slavic aspirations seemed to be realized, but the stipulations of that peace were considerably modified by the infamous congress of berlin (13th june to 13th july 1878), at which the aged chancellor held nominally the post of first plenipotentiary, but left to the second plenipotentiary, count shuvalov, not only the task of defending russian interests, but also the responsibility and odium for the concessions which russia had to make to britain and austria.	by the preliminary peace of san stefano, the slavic aspirations seemed to be realized, but the stipulations of that peace were considerably modified by the congress of berlin (13th june to 13th july 1878), at which the aged chancellor held nominally the post of first plenipotentiary, but left to the second plenipotentiary, count shuvalov, not only the task of defending russian interests, but also the responsibility and odium for the concessions which russia had to make to britain and austria.
reports of slurs at health care reform protests	reports of slurs at health care legislation protests
anarres is not a perfect society, and le guin's the dispossessed suggests that no such thing is possible.	anarres is not a perfect society, and le guin's the dispossessed seems to say that no such thing is possible.
henry celebrates one of his amazing goals	henry celebrates one of his goals
feminist and media critic anita sarkeesian faced death threats after releasing a tropes vs. women in video games video.	feminist and media critic anita sarkeesian received death threats after releasing a tropes vs. women in video games video.
the results are very satisfying to these hobbyists,	the results are satisfying to these hobbyists,
"in an interview with radio times, he provocatively asserted that the bbc was being ""ruined by women"", commenting that: ""the trouble is that the bbc now is run by women and it shows: soap operas, cooking, quizzes, kitchen-sink plays."	"in an interview with radio times, he asserted that the bbc was being ""ruined by women"", commenting that: ""the trouble is that the bbc now is run by women and it shows: soap operas, cooking, quizzes, kitchen-sink plays."
richard john barnbrook (born 24 february, 1961 in catford, london) is a british politician representing the neo-fascist british national party (bnp) in the london assembly and is head of the bnp group on barking and dagenham council (the party's largest).	richard john barnbrook (born 24 february, 1961 in catford, london) is a british politician representing the british national party (bnp) in the london assembly and is head of the bnp group on barking and dagenham council (the party's largest).
tydeman believes that the word is a compound of three hebrew terms (yah, i am, which indicates eternal existance), (bul, on high, in heaven) and (on, strength).	tydeman analysis is that the word is a compound of three hebrew terms (yah, i am, which indicates eternal existance), (bul, on high, in heaven) and (on, strength).
"her maternal grandfather, howard dwight smith, was the architect who designed iconic ohio stadium, also known as ""the horseshoe"" at the ohio state university."	"her maternal grandfather, howard dwight smith, was the architect who designed ohio stadium, also known as ""the horseshoe"" at the ohio state university."
in psychology, discriminant validity tests whether concepts or measurements that are believed to be unrelated are, in fact, unrelated.	in psychology, discriminant validity tests whether concepts or measurements that are supposed to be unrelated are, in fact, unrelated.
his sword is ridiculously phallic, with two flesh-colored knobs on the hilt and a matching scabbard.	his sword is extremely phallic, with two flesh-colored knobs on the hilt and a matching scabbard.
"a reason magazine piece asserted that ""a half-dozen longtime libertarian activistsincluding some still close to paul"" had identified rockwell as the ""chief ghostwriter"" of the inflammatory newsletters."	"a reason magazine piece asserted that ""a half-dozen longtime libertarian activistsincluding some still close to paul"" had identified rockwell as the ""chief ghostwriter"" of the newsletters."
the world-class los angeles philharmonic orchestra now performs at walt disney concert hall after having spent many years in residence at the dorothy chandler pavilion, and performs summer concerts at the hollywood bowl.	the los angeles philharmonic orchestra now performs at walt disney concert hall after having spent many years in residence at the dorothy chandler pavilion, and performs summer concerts at the hollywood bowl.
wysession is author of the best-selling video course how the earth works with the teaching company, which consists of 48 30-minute lectures on all aspects of earth science.	wysession is author of the video course how the earth works with the teaching company, which consists of 48 30-minute lectures on all aspects of earth science.
the company also produces the nbbs (netopia broadband server software), as well as the popular timbuktu remote administration software.	the company also produces the nbbs (netopia broadband server software), as well as the timbuktu remote administration software.
after a meal, the food-soaked trencher was fed to a dog or to non-consenting beggars, or eaten by the diner.	after a meal, the food-soaked trencher was fed to a dog or to beggars, or eaten by the diner.
unfortunately he was fired shortly after the end of the 2005 with a record of 723 in his three seasons with the team.	he was fired shortly after the end of the 2005 with a record of 723 in his three seasons with the team.
image:sunflower seedlings.jpg|sunflower seedlings, just three days after germination	image:sunflower seedlings.jpg|sunflower seedlings, three days after germination
"while the core dsp of the cards is the same as used in creative's sound blaster audigy2 cards (and hence capable of 24-bit 192 khz pcm sound), official press releases for the e-mu sound cards have emphasized creative's lack of input on the design, and the in-house development of the cards and drivers — that is, they wanted to distinguish their ""own"" series from creative's infamous sound blasters."	"while the core dsp of the cards is the same as used in creative's sound blaster audigy2 cards (and hence capable of 24-bit 192 khz pcm sound), official press releases for the e-mu sound cards have emphasized creative's lack of input on the design, and the in-house development of the cards and drivers — that is, they wanted to distinguish their ""own"" series from creative's signature sound blasters."
it is named in honor of commodore oliver hazard perry to commemorate his victory over the british fleet at the battle of lake erie in september 1813. the battle was a turning point in the western theater during the war of 1812. perry is the site of the perry nuclear generating station and is known for its excellent public schools.	it is named in honor of commodore oliver hazard perry to commemorate his victory over the british fleet at the battle of lake erie in september 1813. the battle was a turning point in the western theater during the war of 1812. perry is the site of the perry nuclear generating station and is known for its public schools.
hitler's supremacist and racially motivated policies resulted in the systematic murder of eleven million people, including an estimated six million jews.	hitler's supremacist and racially motivated policies resulted in the systematic killing of eleven million people, including an estimated six million jews.
"while it had been the us comic industry itself that imposed self-censorship in the form of the comics code authority, france had already passed the ""loi du 16 juillet 1949 sur les publications destines la jeunesse"" (""law of july 16th 1949 on the publications aimed at the youth"") in response to the massive post-liberation influx of american comics of the kind wertham would later rile against."	"while it had been the us comic industry itself that imposed self-censorship in the form of the comics code authority, france had already passed the ""loi du 16 juillet 1949 sur les publications destines la jeunesse"" (""law of july 16th 1949 on the publications aimed at the youth"") in response to the post-liberation influx of american comics of the kind wertham would later rile against."
criticism of the bush administration and reaction	criticism of the bush administration and reactions pro and con
a 1-18 to 1-14 victory gave feeney a coveted championship medal.	a 1-18 to 1-14 victory gave feeney a waterford senior hurling championship medal.
"the word psychic (; from the greek psychikos""of the soul, mental"") refers to the ability to perceive things hidden from the normal senses through what is described as extra-sensory perception, or to those people said to have such abilities."	"the word psychic (; from the greek psychikos""of the soul, mental"") refers to a proposed ability to perceive things hidden from the normal senses through what is described as extra-sensory perception, or to those people said to have such abilities."
the old duke is a famous jazz and blues venue and pub situated on king street, bristol, england.	the old duke is a jazz and blues venue and pub situated on king street, bristol, england.
the macintosh has the distinction of launching the mouse as the indispensable computing device we know it as today.	the macintosh has the distinction of launching the mouse which has become the indispensable computing device we know it as today.
this arrived in time for round 5 at croft, tragically just days after team boss ian blackman died in a motorcycle accident.	this arrived in time for round 5 at croft, just days after team boss ian blackman died in a motorcycle accident.
(physically and in terms of function, it had some accidental similarity to the sonic screwdriver used by the doctor on doctor who.)	(physically and in terms of function, it had some similarity to the sonic screwdriver used by the doctor on doctor who.)
he currently is the creative director of his eponymous label as well as british heritage brand mackintosh's premium line mackintosh 0001. kostadinov's work is centered on modern-day uniform and contemporary workwear.	he currently is the creative director of his label as well as british heritage brand mackintosh's premium line mackintosh 0001. kostadinov's work is centered on modern-day uniform and contemporary workwear.
delhi has a semi-arid climate with extreme variation between summer and winter temperatures.	delhi has a semi-arid climate with high variation between summer and winter temperatures.
"alicia ""jodie"" christian foster (born november 19, 1962), is an american actress , director and producer who has worked in films and on television."	"alicia ""jodie"" christian foster (born november 19, 1962), is an american actor , director and producer who has worked in films and on television."
they were married from 1977 until 1980. her second husband was actor tom cruise; they were married from 1987 until 1990. she lured cruise to scientology.	they were married from 1977 until 1980. her second husband was actor tom cruise; they were married from 1987 until 1990. she introduced cruise to scientology.
according to the alleged four unnamed players, o'leary cursed at ereck plancher in a post-workout huddle.	according to the four unnamed players, o'leary cursed at ereck plancher in a post-workout huddle.
it has been used in numerous genres of popular music, as well as ( much less frequently) classical music.	it has been used in numerous genres of popular music, as well as (less frequently) classical music.
she is a member of kyndra's gossipy clique and was only shown peripherally in season 3 as a minor supporting character.	she is a member of kyndra's clique and was only shown peripherally in season 3 as a minor supporting character.
mr. wayne later made statements in response to question about whether socialistic programs like medicare and social security were good for the country:	mr. wayne later made statements in response to question about whether programs like medicare and social security were good for the country:
intellectual property (ip) is a number of disparate types of legal monopolies over creations of the mind, both artistic and commercial, and the corresponding fields of law.	intellectual property (ip) is a number of distinct types of legal monopolies over creations of the mind, both artistic and commercial, and the corresponding fields of law.
griffin's interpretation was slammed by nigel lawson, the former british chancellor, who was present at the speech and who claims it was quite clear to the audience that russell was advocating an actual first strike.	griffin's interpretation was disputed by nigel lawson, the former british chancellor, who was present at the speech and who claims it was quite clear to the audience that russell was advocating an actual first strike.
michael a. bellesiles is a disgraced former professor of american colonial history at emory university, atlanta, georgia, u.s.. bellesiles joined the emory university faculty in 1988, was promoted to full professor in 1999, and resigned in 2002. he served as director of undergraduate studies in history, 1991-1998, and as director of emory's center for the study of violence.	michael a. bellesiles is a former professor of american colonial history at emory university, atlanta, georgia, u.s.. bellesiles joined the emory university faculty in 1988, was promoted to full professor in 1999, and resigned in 2002. he served as director of undergraduate studies in history, 1991-1998, and as director of emory's center for the study of violence.
light pollution is a broad term that refers to multiple problems, all of which are caused by inefficient, annoying or arguably unnecessary use of man-made light.	light pollution is a broad term that refers to multiple problems, all of which are caused by inefficient, annoying or arguably unnecessary use of artificial light.
flood geology contradicts the scientific consensus and evidence in geology and paleontology, chemistry, biology, geophysics and stratigraphy, and the scientific community considers it to be pseudoscience.	flood geology contradicts the scientific consensus concerning evidence in geology and paleontology, chemistry, biology, geophysics and stratigraphy, and the scientific community considers it to be pseudoscience.
he is also known for empire, one of the first addictive strategy computer games, written in 1971-1977 on a pdp-10.	he is also known for empire, one of the first strategy computer games, written in 1971-1977 on a pdp-10.
a more useful demonstration of religious realities would be to set out the drastic decline in numbers of christian parishes in recent years, especially among the historically predominant protestant denominations of the united church of canada, anglican church of canada and presbyterian church in canada, as amply demonstrated by historic saturday church advertisements in the leader-post.	a more useful demonstration of religious realities would be to set out the decline in numbers of christian parishes in recent years, especially among the historically predominant protestant denominations of the united church of canada, anglican church of canada and presbyterian church in canada, as amply demonstrated by historic saturday church advertisements in the leader-post.
interesting environments to drive through include farms, stadiums, cities, and beaches.	environments to drive through include farms, stadiums, cities, and beaches.
strike it rich is a controversial game show that aired on american radio and television from june 29, 1947, to december 27, 1957 on cbs and nbc.	strike it rich is a game show that aired on american radio and television from june 29, 1947, to december 27, 1957 on cbs and nbc.
the chinese version of google restricts searches on tens of thousands of keywords, acting as a technological partner to the thought control policies of the chinese central government.	the chinese version of google restricts searches on tens of thousands of keywords, acting as a technological partner to the content control policies of the chinese central government.
the collegiate school is a private school for boys in new york city and is the oldest independent school in the united states.	the collegiate school is a private school for boys in new york city and has the distinction of being the oldest independent school in the united states.
matthew creamer is an award-winning american reporter and an editor-at-large at advertising age magazine.	matthew creamer is an american reporter and an editor-at-large at advertising age magazine.
those who disagree there will be a rapture of the church argue it is a relatively new doctrine, first mentioned in the 1800s.	those who do not agree that there will be a rapture of the church argue it is a relatively new doctrine, first mentioned in the 1800s.
piddington had a public house, the seven stars, but it has been turned into the sunset and stars restaurant.	piddington had a public house, the seven stars, which it has been turned into the sunset and stars restaurant.
he was a member of the legendary jugoplastika team of the late 1980s and early 1990s, which he helped to two european cup titles.	he was a member of the jugoplastika team of the late 1980s and early 1990s, which he helped to two european cup titles.
although some internists are full-time hospitalists, many fulfill locum tenens (temporary) positions both stateside and internationally.	although some internists are full-time hospitalists, many fulfill locum tenens (temporary) positions both locally and internationally.
numerous times, this expansion was accompanied by christian missionaries, who attempted to proselytize christianity.	numerous times, this expansion was accompanied by catholic missionaries, who attempted to proselytize christianity.
he is the author of the fleet street sewer rat (2005), an investigative book which describes the scavenging techniques used by legendary bin raider benji pell.	he is the author of the fleet street sewer rat (2005), an investigative book which describes the scavenging techniques used by bin raider benji pell.
in addition, the community has been aggressively making capital improvements in facilities and infrastructure to improve the educational offerings and quality of life in the community.	in addition, the community has been making capital improvements in facilities and infrastructure to improve the educational offerings and quality of life in the community.
michael anthony richards (born july 24, 1949) is an american comedian and film and television actor best known for his role as the eccentric cosmo kramer on the television show seinfeld, a role which earned him three emmy awards.	michael anthony richards (born july 24, 1949) is a disgraced american comedian and film and television actor best known for his role as the eccentric cosmo kramer on the television show seinfeld, a role which earned him three emmy awards.
often it helps a scene enormously just to cut out a few frames of an actor's pause; a brief view of some listener can conceal the break.	often it helps a scene just to cut out a few frames of an actor's pause; a brief view of some listener can conceal the break.
it has consistently ranked in the u.s. news and world report's college rankings as one of the top ten u.s. liberal arts schools.	it has ranked in the u.s. news and world report's college rankings as one of the top ten u.s. liberal arts schools.
lawsuits over illegal marketing in the wake of the 2010 fifa world cup	lawsuits over marketing in the wake of the 2010 fifa world cup
israel began colonizing the golan almost immediately following the war.	israel began settling the golan almost immediately following the war.
vadym olehovych chernysh (16 october 1971 in kazanka) is a ukrainian jurist, lawyer, statesman and teacher.	vadym olehovych chernysh (16 october 1971 in kazanka) is a ukrainian jurist, lawyer, politician and teacher.
graffiti against the hated poll tax near huddersfield	graffiti against the poll tax near huddersfield
was an american actor, best known for his role as frank barone on the sitcom everybody loves raymond, and as a comical monster in mel brooks' film spoof young frankenstein (1974).	was an american actor, known for his role as frank barone on the sitcom everybody loves raymond, and as a comical monster in mel brooks' film spoof young frankenstein (1974).
ali osman is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nejdet salih.	ali osman is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nejdet salih.
the saskatchewan legislative building is located at 2405 legislative drive, regina, overlooking beautiful wascana lake.	the saskatchewan legislative building is located at 2405 legislative drive, regina, overlooking wascana lake.
jeffrey howard archer or baron archer of weston-super-mare (born 15 april 1940) is an british author and disgraced politician.	jeffrey howard archer or baron archer of weston-super-mare (born 15 april 1940) is an british author and former politician.
he says this group was created by saudi arabia's founder ibn saud together with salafi (wahhabi) founder muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab whom was all from najd (today riyadh) with the help of british after toppling the legitimate islamic empire of ottomans which was mainstream sunni islam at that time and that it also see the oust of hussein bin ali (sharif of mecca) who're the original custodian of the two holy mosques in charge of makkah's al-masjid al-haram and madinah's al-masjid an-nabawi for over a thousand years since the time of the islamic prophet muhammad whom is also the prophet's direct descendant; the hashemites, which now resides and rule over jordan which have no natural resources and regarded as the poorest arab countries in the middle east.	he says this group was created by saudi arabia's founder ibn saud together with salafi (wahhabi) founder muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab whom was all from najd (today riyadh) with the help of british after toppling the legitimate islamic empire of ottomans which was mainstream sunni islam at that time and that it also see the oust of hussein bin ali (sharif of mecca) who're the original custodian of the two holy mosques in charge of makkah's al-masjid al-haram and madinah's al-masjid an-nabawi for over a thousand years since the time of islamic prophet muhammad whom is also the prophet's direct descendant; the hashemites, which now resides and rule over jordan which have no natural resources and regarded as the poorest arab countries in the middle east.
scientific papers (incomplete listing)	published papers (incomplete listing)
he has many fans but a significant part of his fanbase is older women .	he has many fans but a significant part of his fanbase is women .
bob clay, the abrasive left-wing former labour mp for sunderland north, acted as keys' agent.	bob clay, the left-wing former labour mp for sunderland north, acted as keys' agent.
"smith did not consider himself to be a common ""peeper"" or ""glass-looker,"" a practice he called ""nonsense."	"smith did not consider himself to be a ""peeper"" or ""glass-looker,"" a practice he called ""nonsense."
the harsh sentence reflected beijing's resolve to wipe out corruption and to ensure consumer safety, china daily reported on 11 july quoting the state xinhua news agency.	the sentence reflected beijing's resolve to wipe out corruption and to ensure consumer safety, china daily reported on 11 july quoting the state xinhua news agency.
in 2000, anne mccabe - widow of garda jerry mccabe, who was murdered by the provisional ira while it was officially on ceasefire - accepted the scott medal for bravery that had been awarded posthumously to her husband.	in 2000, anne mccabe - widow of garda jerry mccabe, who was killed by the provisional ira while it was officially on ceasefire - accepted the scott medal for bravery that had been awarded posthumously to her husband.
weyland-yutani, a fictional evil megacorporation from the alien franchise	weyland-yutani, a fictional megacorporation from the alien franchise
the team made and hosted the championship game; however, the juniors unfortunately lost to ridley college 7 to 6.	the team made and hosted the championship game; however, the juniors lost to ridley college 7 to 6.
the somewhat-discredited toba catastrophe theory, presented in the late 1990s to early 2000s, suggested that a bottleneck of the human population occurred c. 70,000 years ago, proposing that the human population was reduced to perhaps 10,000-30,000 individuals	the controversial toba catastrophe theory, presented in the late 1990s to early 2000s, suggested that a bottleneck of the human population occurred c. 70,000 years ago, proposing that the human population was reduced to perhaps 10,000-30,000 individuals
they may also have difficulty finding a soulmate and getting married because of poor social skills.	they may also have difficulty finding a life partner and getting married because of poor social skills.
the repression also brought thousands of victims before the paris revolutionary tribunal, whose work was expedited by the draconian law of 22 prairial (june 10 1794) which had led to the terror.	the repression also brought thousands of victims before the paris revolutionary tribunal, whose work was expedited by the law of 22 prairial (june 10 1794) which had led to the terror.
between 2004 and 2006 lady renouf spoke at numerous holocaust denial meetings, real history conferences and american free press events in europe, the u.s. and canada, and attended the trials of noted holocaust deniers ernst zndel, germar rudolf and robert faurisson, culminating in the dvd jailing opinions in 2006. in attempting to recruit jewish speaker barry chamish to a 2004 sacramento conference , she pointed out that jews such as john sack and peter kirstein had addressed david irving's revisionist conferences, and wrote:	between 2004 and 2006 lady renouf spoke at numerous holocaust denial meetings, real history conferences and american free press events in europe, the u.s. and canada, and attended the trials of holocaust deniers ernst zndel, germar rudolf and robert faurisson, culminating in the dvd jailing opinions in 2006. in attempting to recruit jewish speaker barry chamish to a 2004 sacramento conference , she pointed out that jews such as john sack and peter kirstein had addressed david irving's revisionist conferences, and wrote:
genetic modifications often have significant unforeseen consequences, both in the initially modified organisms and their environments.	genetic modifications may sometimes have significant unforeseen consequences, both in the initially modified organisms and their environments.
as an adjunct to the scriptures in establishing ekantik dharma and consolidating the framework of the satsang (holy fellowship), bhagwan swaminarayan constructed stone mandirs; buttressing upasana worshipping god, and bhakti devotion towards the deities.	as an adjunct to the scriptures in establishing ekantik dharma and consolidating the framework of the satsang (holy fellowship), swaminarayan constructed stone mandirs; buttressing upasana worshipping god, and bhakti devotion towards the deities.
omidyar network is an investment firm established in 2004 by ebay founder pierre omidyar and his wife pam.	omidyar network is a philanthropic investment firm established in 2004 by ebay founder pierre omidyar and his wife pam.
crashing the gate sold only 3,630 copies in the first month after its release, according to nielsen's bookscan.link from drudge	crashing the gate sold 3,630 copies in the first month after its release, according to nielsen's bookscan.link from drudge
the serbian royal family of karaorevi was set to rule this new state, called kingdom of serbs, croats and slovenes, that would be renamed to the kingdom of yugoslavia in 1929. initially, the apologists of the greater serbia doctrine felt satisfied, since the main goal of uniting all serbian-inhabited lands under the rule of a serbian monarchic dynasty was mostly achieved.	the serbian royal family of karaorevi was set to rule this new state, called kingdom of serbs, croats and slovenes, that would be renamed to the kingdom of yugoslavia in 1929. initially, the proponents of the greater serbia doctrine felt satisfied, since the main goal of uniting all serbian-inhabited lands under the rule of a serbian monarchic dynasty was mostly achieved.
racism has many definitions, the correct being that members of one racial group consider themselves intrinsically superior to members of other racial groups.	racism has many definitions, the most common being that members of one racial group consider themselves intrinsically superior to members of other racial groups.
he modifies and updates his theory from time to time based on newly invented evidence.	he modifies and updates his theory from time to time based on newly presented evidence.
history and studies suggesting a conservative bias	history and studies suggesting a bias
hazlet is part of the bayshore regional strategic plan, an effort by nine municipalities in northern monmouth county to reinvigorate the area's economy by emphasizing the traditional downtowns, dense residential neighborhoods, maritime history, and the natural beauty of the raritan bayshore coastline.	hazlet is part of the bayshore regional strategic plan, an effort by nine municipalities in northern monmouth county to reinvigorate the area's economy by emphasizing the traditional downtowns, dense residential neighborhoods, maritime history, and the natural environment of the raritan bayshore coastline.
despite the trust metric a widely-known internet psychopath has gained posting privileges to the front page of advogato, illustrating just how complex the problem of trust is.	despite the trust metric a widely-known internet user has gained posting privileges to the front page of advogato, illustrating just how complex the problem of trust is.
y gododdin (pronounced / g'dn/) is a medieval welsh poem consisting of a series of elegies to the men of the brythonic kingdom of gododdin and its allies who, according to the conventional interpretation, died fighting the angles of deira and bernicia at a place named catraeth.	y gododdin (pronounced / g'dn/) is a medieval poem consisting of a series of elegies to the men of the brythonic kingdom of gododdin and its allies who, according to the conventional interpretation, died fighting the angles of deira and bernicia at a place named catraeth.
diane simone michelle halfin was born into an upper-middle class, highly assimilated jewish household.	diane simone michelle halfin was born into an upper-middle class, assimilated jewish household.
although her rebellion against social norms is often constructive, lisa can be very whiny, cruel and self-righteous at times.	although her rebellion against social norms is often constructive, lisa can be whiny, cruel and self-righteous at times.
unfortunately , even the professionals were starting to use the tama drums because the low cost of the asian made drums with the (now) high quality of hardware was a great combination.	however , even the professionals were starting to use the tama drums because the low cost of the asian made drums with the (now) high quality of hardware was a great combination.
"according to well-known gun-control proponent sarah brady, founder of the brady campaign, in the united states the meaning of ""bear arms"" is a matter of recent dispute and continuing political debate, although this belief is controversial."	"according to gun-control proponent sarah brady, founder of the brady campaign, in the united states the meaning of ""bear arms"" is a matter of recent dispute and continuing political debate, although this belief is controversial."
he is best known for playing dean craig pelton on the nbc sitcom community.	he is known for playing dean craig pelton on the nbc sitcom community.
he was wrongfully executed for treason by the british as a result of his wartime activities.	he was controversially executed for treason by the british as a result of his wartime activities.
sycophants of long time political intriguer bernardo reyes.	supporters of long time political intriguer bernardo reyes.
it: chapter one, commonly known simply as it, is a 2017 american supernatural horror film directed by andy muschietti, based on the 1986 novel of the same name by stephen king.	it: chapter one, commonly known as it, is a 2017 american supernatural horror film directed by andy muschietti, based on the 1986 novel of the same name by stephen king.
the creation of the science citation index made it possible to calculate impact factor, which supposedly measures the importance of scientific journals.	the creation of the science citation index made it possible to calculate impact factor, which ostensibly measures the importance of scientific journals.
the establishment of an organised national resistance movement against the occupying forces was the first goal in mustafa kemal's mind.	the establishment of an organised national movement against the occupying forces was the first goal in mustafa kemal's mind.
she is always considered a sex symbol.	she is often considered a sex symbol.
films shot at 2.20:1, 2.35:1, 2.39:1, 2.55:1, and especially 2.76:1 (ben-hur) are still very problematic.	films shot at 2.20:1, 2.35:1, 2.39:1, 2.55:1, and especially 2.76:1 (ben-hur) are still problematic.
emperor yuan was remembered for the promotion of confucianism as the official creed of china .	emperor yuan was remembered for the promotion of confucianism as the official creed of chinese government .
he has advocated prosecuting members of the bush administration, including torture lawyer john yoo, for war crimes.	he has advocated prosecuting members of the bush administration, including lawyer john yoo, for war crimes.
ruth graham was a gifted poet and writer, authoring or co-authoring 14 books, as well as a regular contributor for newspapers and magazines.	ruth graham was a poet and writer, authoring or co-authoring 14 books, as well as a regular contributor for newspapers and magazines.
the couple were very close through to his death on june 11, 2006; they were both 94 at the time of their passing .	the couple were very close through to his death on june 11, 2006; they were both 94 at the time of their deaths .
although the cameronians had helped to defend the revolution, they were disappointed that their intolerant religious views were not adopted by the new government.	although the cameronians had helped to defend the revolution, they were disappointed that their religious views were not adopted by the new government.
the college of the sequoias is a right-wing college located in california.	the college of the sequoias is a college located in california.
"he named it ""phil's place"", and planned to sell seafood and top-quality steak."	"he named it ""phil's place"", and planned to sell seafood and steak."
karavostasi is a town in cyprus, 6 km north of lefka.	karavostasi is a town on the island cyprus, 6 km north of lefka.
as a result, he was deposed at the robber council of ephesus on august 8, 449. cowed by the authoritarian spirit of dioscorus, and unnerved by the violence of barsumas and his monks, domnus revoked his former condemnation of eutyches, and voted for the condemnation of flavian, but in vain.	as a result, he was deposed at the second council of ephesus on august 8, 449. cowed by the authoritarian spirit of dioscorus, and unnerved by the violence of barsumas and his monks, domnus revoked his former condemnation of eutyches, and voted for the condemnation of flavian, but in vain.
the dells are an influential r&b musical group who were one of the few groups to span music genres resulting in successful recordings surpassing more than four decades.	the dells are an r&b musical group who were one of the few groups to span music genres resulting in successful recordings surpassing more than four decades.
matched betting manually is where the individual finds the offers, markets and odds him/herself and also makes the relevant calculations.	matched betting manually is where the individual finds the offers, markets and odds themselves and also makes the relevant calculations.
the fresco decoration of vertumnus and pomona in the medici country villa at poggio a caiano (near montalbano) is a masterpiece by jacopo pontormo.	the fresco decoration of vertumnus and pomona in the medici country villa at poggio a caiano (near montalbano) is a fresco painting by jacopo pontormo.
the university of queensland has produced a number of illustrious alumni including the nobel laureate winning scientist peter doherty, oscar-winning artist geoffrey rush, the chancellor of university of california, san francisco sam hawgood, principal and president of king's college london - edward byrne, former singapore minister and present chairman of keppel corporation lee boon yang, president and ceo of dow chemical andrew n. liveris and former governor-general of australia dame quentin bryce.	the university of queensland has produced a number of notable alumni including the nobel laureate winning scientist peter doherty, oscar-winning artist geoffrey rush, the chancellor of university of california, san francisco sam hawgood, principal and president of king's college london - edward byrne, former singapore minister and present chairman of keppel corporation lee boon yang, president and ceo of dow chemical andrew n. liveris and former governor-general of australia dame quentin bryce.
(the holy quran, surah 3: verse 169.)	(the quran, surah 3: verse 169.)
this is probably due to his music's fast pace, instrumentation, and similarity in feel to many popular musical genres.	this is due to his music's fast pace, instrumentation, and similarity in feel to many popular musical genres.
as a notorious figure he's a good target for lame hackers that wish to increment their status in a certain community and for people seeking to prove their abilities to this famous character .	as a notorious figure he's a good target for hackers that wish to increment their status in a certain community and for people seeking to prove their abilities to this famous character .
cockpit video showing a hellfire missile being fired at two targets in afghanistan.	cockpit video showing a hellfire missile being fired at two people in afghanistan.
a renovation program of the headquarters area begun by the park in july 2007 includes the renovation of the old valley forge train station into an information center and museum, and the relocation of the current eyesore parking lot.	a renovation program of the headquarters area begun by the park in july 2007 includes the renovation of the old valley forge train station into an information center and museum, and the relocation of the current parking lot.
judy garland (born frances ethel gumm; june 10, 1922 - june 22, 1969) was an academy award-nominated american film actress and singer, best recalled for her role as dorothy gale in the wizard of oz (1939).	judy garland (born frances ethel gumm; june 10, 1922 - june 22, 1969) was an academy award-nominated american film actress and singer, best known for her role as dorothy gale in the wizard of oz (1939).
a breast pump is a mechanical device that extracts milk from the breasts of a lactating woman .	a breast pump is a mechanical device that extracts milk from the breasts of a lactating individual .
derek fowlds (born 2 september 1937) is an english actor, best known for playing bernard woolley in popular british television comedies yes, minister and yes, prime minister and oscar blaketon in the long-running itv police drama heartbeat.	derek fowlds (born 2 september 1937) is an english actor, known for playing bernard woolley in popular british television comedies yes, minister and yes, prime minister and oscar blaketon in the long-running itv police drama heartbeat.
when that strike was over, the government reverted to its previous hardline stance.	when that strike was over, the government reverted to its previous stance.
he studied political science and law at the university of bayreuth and in 2007 earned a doctorate in law with a dissertation on the development of constitutional law in the united states and the eu.	he studied political science and law at the university of bayreuth and in 2007 was awarded a doctorate in law with a dissertation on the development of constitutional law in the united states and the eu.
after his passing , a fifth studio album was released that he had completed just prior to his death.	after his death , a fifth studio album was released that he had completed just prior to his death.
in ancient times, derbe was one of a few christian cities, and was used frequently as a refuge for traveling christians.	in ancient times, derbe was one of a few christian cities, and was used as a refuge for traveling christians.
and launched new initiatives with the well-renowned theatrical group the tank, theater-burlesque innovators pinchbottom, the annual underground zero festival, the new york international fringe festival , shifting ambition theater's no alarms (headfullofradio),	and launched new initiatives with the theatrical group the tank, theater-burlesque innovators pinchbottom, the annual underground zero festival, the new york international fringe festival , shifting ambition theater's no alarms (headfullofradio),
numerous mass meetings were held recently in russian cities, especially in irkutsk, though largely unreported by government-controlled national mass media.	numerous meetings were held recently in russian cities , especially in irkutsk, though largely unreported by government-controlled national mass media.
"journalist satham sanghera wrote in a 2005 in a financial times news column that while some ""believe that the continuing popularity of nlp... is an indication of its effectiveness"" and ability to help in a wide spectrum of areas, he noted others think the success of nlp is ""an example of mumbo jumbo triumphing over science"" and that ""critics say nlp is simply a half-baked conflation of pop psychology and pseudoscience that uses jargon to disguise the fact that it is based on a set of banal, if not incorrect, presuppositions"" {{dubious}"	"journalist satham sanghera wrote in a 2005 in a financial times news column that while some ""believe that the continuing popularity of nlp... is an indication of its effectiveness"" and ability to help in a wide spectrum of areas, he said that others think the success of nlp is ""an example of mumbo jumbo triumphing over science"" and that ""critics say nlp is simply a half-baked conflation of pop psychology and pseudoscience that uses jargon to disguise the fact that it is based on a set of banal, if not incorrect, presuppositions"" {{dubious}"
in 1940, jean cocteau wrote the enormously successful le bel indifferent for her to star in.	in 1940, jean cocteau wrote the successful le bel indifferent for her to star in.
"religious opponents of equal rights for non-heterosexuals believe that supporting ""pro-gay"" legislation would constitute approval of homosexuality and bisexuality, by promoting willful acts of homosexuality."	"religious opponents of identical rights for non-heterosexuals believe that supporting ""pro-gay"" legislation would constitute approval of homosexuality and bisexuality, by promoting willful acts of homosexuality."
ocean's twelve is a great film that takes place after the events of the 2001 movie ocean's eleven.	ocean's twelve is a 2004 film that takes place after the events of the 2001 movie ocean's eleven.
alternative considerations of jonestown and peoples temple, san diego state university, documented fruitless attempts to gain u.s. government information, personal recollections, and essays.	alternative considerations of jonestown and peoples temple, san diego state university, documented attempts to gain u.s. government information, personal recollections, and essays.
many highly-skilled and educated south vietnamese fled the country during the fall/liberation of saigon and in the years following, severely depleting human capital in vietnam.	many highly-skilled and educated south vietnamese fled the country during the surrender of saigon and in the years following, severely depleting human capital in vietnam.
pelosi lives in the affluent pacific heights neighborhood of san francisco.	pelosi lives in the pacific heights neighborhood of san francisco.
landau, an orthodox jew, is married to jackie, a rehabilitation teacher of visually-impaired children.	landau, a self-proclaimed orthodox jew, is married to jackie, a rehabilitation teacher of visually-impaired children.
information-theoretic death is a cryonics jargon term.	information-theoretic death is a cryonics technical terminology term.
after its release and re-release in 1943 and 1944, victory through air power received no theatrical release for 60 years, perhaps because it was blatant propaganda, or perhaps because it was deemed offensive to germans and japanese.	after its release and re-release in 1943 and 1944, victory through air power received no theatrical release for 60 years, perhaps because it was seen as propaganda, or perhaps because it was deemed offensive to germans and japanese.
the brothers are often criticized for their poor-quality slapstick comedy.	the brothers are often criticized for their use of slapstick comedy.
the inhabitants speak bicolano, and the regional capital, commercial/financial center and transportation hub is legazpi city.	the inhabitants speak bicolano, and the regional capital, commercial/financial center and transportation hub are naga city and legazpi city.
"under the ""one country, two systems"" policy, the chinese government is responsible for the territory's defence and foreign affairs, while hong kong maintains its own legal system, police force, monetary system, customs policy, immigration policy, and delegates to some international organisations and events."	"under the ""one country, two systems"" policy, the prc central government is responsible for the territory's defence and foreign affairs, while hong kong maintains its own legal system, police force, monetary system, customs policy, immigration policy, and delegates to some international organisations and events."
earned him support among working-class voters and voters without college educations amid heavy and frequent controversies in the news media.	brought him support among working-class voters and voters without college educations amid heavy and frequent controversies in the news media.
perhaps most prolific of those biblical scholars denying the historical existence of jesus is a professor of german, george albert wells, who argues that jesus was originally a gnostic myth.	perhaps most prolific of those biblical scholars who discount the historical existence of jesus is a professor of german, george albert wells, who argues that jesus was originally a gnostic myth.
those whose religious beliefs have been compared to or falsely labeled as arianism include:	those whose religious beliefs have been compared to or labeled as arianism include:
with a flawless mid-western american accent, molina starred alongside betty white in the us television series ladies man, which ran from 19992001.	with a mid-western american accent, molina starred alongside betty white in the us television series ladies man, which ran from 19992001.
he lived at the persian buyid court in isfahan.	he lived at the buyid court in isfahan.
elizabeth mitchell (born elizabeth joanna robertson: march 27, 1970) is an emmy-nominated american actress known for her role as dr. juliet burke on the abc series lost.	elizabeth mitchell (born elizabeth joanna robertson: march 27, 1970) is an american actress known for her role as dr. juliet burke on the abc series lost.
counterpunch is a biweekly newsletter published in the united states that covers politics from a far left-wing perspective.	counterpunch is a biweekly newsletter published in the united states that covers politics from a left-wing perspective.
because it took so long for europe to be overrun, it appears that humans and neanderthals may have been constantly battling for territory.	because it took so long for europe to be overrun, it appears that humans and neanderthals may have been constantly compet, sining for territory.
it should be noted that kuhn and other philosophers have provided devastating arguments against popper's definition of science, and question whether anything truly fits into it.	it should be noted that kuhn and other philosophers have provided strong arguments against popper's definition of science, and question whether anything truly fits into it.
in his view, the introduction of a new heavy tank had problems in terms of transportation, supply, service, and reliability, and was not necessary in 1943 or early 1944. tank development took time, and so the sudden appearance of a new tank threat could not be met quickly enough under such rigid criteria.	in his view, the introduction of a new heavy tank had problems in terms of transportation, supply, service, and reliability, and was not necessary in 1943 or early 1944. tank development took time, and so the sudden appearance of a new tank threat could not be met quickly enough under such criteria.
the 2012 campaign, which began in new york, had jennifer coolidge as the celebrity spokesperson .	the 2012 campaign, which began in new york, had jennifer coolidge as the spokesperson.
anne of green gables: the continuing story (2000), a television miniseries inaccurately based upon the novels.	anne of green gables: the continuing story (2000), a television miniseries based upon the novels.
since 2002 the base has hosted a detainment camp for taliban terrorists associated with the cowardly attack of the world trade center in new york.	since 2002 the base has hosted a detainment camp for taliban terrorists associated with the attack of the world trade center in new york.
in around 2,700 bc a new culture arrived in britain, often referred to as the beaker culture.	in around 2,700 bc a new pottery style arrived in britain, often referred to as the beaker culture.
the film (produced by haasan) featured haasan, kannada actor ramesh arvind and comedienne kovai sarala.	the film (produced by haasan) featured haasan, kannada actor ramesh arvind and comedian kovai sarala.
until the early twentieth century, greeks were uniformly distributed between the greek peninsula, the western coast of asia minor, pontus, egypt, cyprus and constantinople; many of these regions coincided to a large extent with the borders of the byzantine empire of the late 11th century and the eastern mediterranean areas of the ancient greek colonization.	until the early twentieth century, greeks were distributed between the greek peninsula, the western coast of asia minor, pontus, egypt, cyprus and constantinople; many of these regions coincided to a large extent with the borders of the byzantine empire of the late 11th century and the eastern mediterranean areas of the ancient greek colonization.
the politico is a conservative political journalism organization based in arlington, virginia, that distributes its content via television, the internet, newspaper, and radio.	the politico is a political journalism organization based in arlington, virginia, that distributes its content via television, the internet, newspaper, and radio.
despite having played for macedonian youth level teams, asani received the albanian citizenship on 18 march 2016 to switch for albania national under-21 football team.	having played for macedonian youth level teams, asani received the albanian citizenship on 18 march 2016 to switch for albania national under-21 football team.
the hadith of the twelve successors is a sahih hadith in islam, in which the islamic prophet muhammad said on several occasions, referenced in both bakry and shiah sources from at least 37 chains of narrators in over 100 hadiths, that there will only be twelve calpihs/khalifah (successors) to him, all of whom are from quraysh, that there will be impostor caliphs to guard against, and that after the last of the twelve caliphs, the earth will be swallowed (i.e.	the hadith of the twelve successors is a sahih hadith in islam, in which the islamic prophet muhammad said on several occasions, referenced in both sunni and shiah sources from at least 37 chains of narrators in over 100 hadiths, that there will only be twelve calpihs/khalifah (successors) to him, all of whom are from quraysh, that there will be impostor caliphs to guard against, and that after the last of the twelve caliphs, the earth will be swallowed (i.e.
janet mitchell is a recurring fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by a baby named grace, who has down's syndrome.	janet mitchell is a recurring fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by a baby named grace, who has down's syndrome.
"the company has responded to some bloggers with a made-up/mock cease and desist order, demanding they refrain from using the word ""spam"" in reference to the service."	"the company has responded to some bloggers with a cease and desist order, demanding they refrain from using the word ""spam"" in reference to the service."
"florida center for investigative reporting (fcir) is a non-profit founded in 2010 that investigates ""corruption, waste and miscarriages of justice""."	"florida center for investigative reporting (fcir) is a non-profit founded in 2010 having a stated mission to investigates ""corruption, waste and miscarriages of justice""."
in 2002, new york city's outgoing mayor, rudy giuliani, gave the oath of office to the city's next mayor, michael bloomberg, in times square after midnight on january 1 as part of the 2001–2002 new year's celebration.	in 2002, new york city's mayor, rudy giuliani, gave the oath of office to the city's next mayor, michael bloomberg, in times square after midnight on january 1 as part of the 2001–2002 new year's celebration.
his unusual last name is of greek origin.	his last name is of greek origin.
some content of his doctorate and the resulting book have been considered as holocaust denial by critics , especially the parts disputing the accepted number of deaths in the holocaust as well as the accusations that zionist agitation was the cause of the holocaust a charge that he denies .	some content of his doctorate and the resulting book have been considered as holocaust denial by critics , especially the parts disputing the accepted number of deaths in the holocaust as well as the accusations that zionist agitation was the cause of the holocaust a charge that he refutes .
brian peppers an ohio sex offender with a grotesque facial malformity whose photo in the ohio esorn (electronic sex offender registration and notification) database became widespread.	brian peppers an ohio sex offender with a facial malformity whose photo in the ohio esorn (electronic sex offender registration and notification) database became widespread.
his most famous period was as captain of the german cruiser prinz eugen, during which he took part in two important actions, the battle of the denmark strait, and the channel dash.	his most noted period was as captain of the german cruiser prinz eugen, during which he took part in two important actions, the battle of the denmark strait, and the channel dash.
he also pointed to wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales, who has said that in the foreseeable future there would be 12 fields that would become free.	he also pointed to wikipedia founder jimmy wales, who has said that in the foreseeable future there would be 12 fields that would become free.
the dark knight rises is a 2012 british-american epic superhero film directed by christopher nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother jonathan nolan, and the story with david s. goyer.	the dark knight rises is a 2012 british-american superhero film directed by christopher nolan, who co-wrote the screenplay with his brother jonathan nolan, and the story with david s. goyer.
no one was convicted of anything as result of the infamous donner party case in california.	no one was convicted of anything as result of the donner party case in california.
in the 1970s, glasgow-born comedian stanley baxter tediously parodied the patter on his television sketch show.	in the 1970s, glasgow-born comedian stanley baxter parodied the patter on his television sketch show.
the three shared antigovernment views, including opposition to gun control and anger at the federal government's handling of the waco siege and the incident at ruby ridge.	the three shared libertarian views, including opposition to gun control and anger at the federal government's handling of the waco siege and the incident at ruby ridge.
eventually, the uprising was put down by the british using draconian measures.	eventually, the uprising was put down by the british using severe measures.
phoenix, arizona, at least 100,000 people took to the streets, marching to demonstrate against harsh immigration legislation before the national congress.	phoenix, arizona, at least 100,000 people took to the streets, marching to demonstrate against immigration legislation before the national congress.
paramagnetism diminishes the quality of an nmr spectrum to the extent that coupling is rarely resolved.	paramagnetism diminishes the resolution of an nmr spectrum to the extent that coupling is rarely resolved.
the following is a list of minor characters in the bbc science fiction television series torchwood, including supporting characters, and important human villains.	the following is a list of characters in the bbc science fiction television series torchwood, including supporting characters, and important human villains.
a tandberg t3 ultra- high resolution telepresence room in use.	a tandberg t3 high resolution telepresence room in use.
ss division nord in northern finland took part in operation arctic fox with the finnish army and fought at the disastrous battle of salla, where against strong soviet forces they suffered 300 killed and 400 wounded in the first two days of the invasion.	ss division nord in northern finland took part in operation arctic fox with the finnish army and fought at the battle of salla, where against strong soviet forces they suffered 300 killed and 400 wounded in the first two days of the invasion.
william lesassier (november 6, 1948 may 13, 2003) was an influential american herbalist and acupuncturist.	william lesassier (november 6, 1948 may 13, 2003) was an american herbalist and acupuncturist.
"counting stars peaked at number two on the billboard hot 100 on january 18, 2014, and stayed there for two weeks, stuck behind ""timber"" by pitbull featuring kesha."	"counting stars peaked at number two on the billboard hot 100 on january 18, 2014, and stayed there for two weeks, behind ""timber"" by pitbull featuring kesha."
the far-right british national party (bnp) supported a no vote in the referendum.	the extreme british national party (bnp) supported a no vote in the referendum.
"the cetancodonta have also been referred to as ""whippomorpha"", which is a bad mixture of english (whale + hippopotamus) and greek (morphe = form)."	"the cetancodonta have also been referred to as ""whippomorpha"", which is a mixture of english (whale + hippopotamus) and greek (morphe = form)."
adobe flex is a collection of technologies released by adobe systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich internet applications based on the proprietary adobe flash platform.	adobe flex is a collection of technologies released by adobe systems for the development and deployment of cross-platform rich internet applications based on the adobe flash platform.
the group is known of their malware analysis blog and they have a good list of linux malware research and botnet analysis they had done.	the group is known of their malware analysis blog and they have a list of linux malware research and botnet analysis they had done.
the population of the island excluding amaknak (as of the 2000 census) was only 1,759.	the population of the island excluding amaknak (as of the 2000 census) was 1,759.
sexually active only before receiving holy orders	sexually active before receiving holy orders
"his innovative concept album cowboy christmas: cowboy songs ii contained wonderful versions of traditional and original western christmas songs, including ""the christmas trail,"" ""the cowboy christmas ball,"" and ""two-step 'round the christmas tree."""	"his innovative concept album cowboy christmas: cowboy songs ii contained versions of traditional and original western christmas songs, including ""the christmas trail,"" ""the cowboy christmas ball,"" and ""two-step 'round the christmas tree."""
robert studley forrest hughes, ao (born 28 july 1938) is an australian-born art critic, writer and television documentary maker who thankfully has resided in new york since 1970.	robert studley forrest hughes, ao (born 28 july 1938) is an australian-born art critic, writer and television documentary maker who 203.171.196.122 (talk) 04:29, 10 march 2010 (utc) has resided in new york since 1970.
he becomes a flamboyantly sadistic killer once more and sets out to destroy the world.	he becomes a sadistic killer once more and sets out to destroy the world.
marcia wallace, american actress and comedienne (b.	marcia wallace, american actress and comedian (b.
on his plan to eliminate social security and how it is measured against propaganda, greece, new york, may 24, 2005	on his plan to alter social security and how it is measured against propaganda, greece, new york, may 24, 2005
the big bang never happened: a startling refutation of the dominant theory of the origin of the universe (1991) is lerner's controversial book attacking mainstream big bang cosmology and advancing instead a non-standard plasma cosmology originally proposed by hannes alfvn, winner of the 1970 nobel prize for physics, in the 1960s.	the big bang never happened: a startling refutation of the dominant theory of the origin of the universe (1991) is lerner's controversial book repudiating mainstream big bang cosmology and advancing instead a non-standard plasma cosmology originally proposed by hannes alfvn, winner of the 1970 nobel prize for physics, in the 1960s.
the flood of military personnel and german civilians eventually turned the operation into one of the largest emergency evacuations by sea in history.	the flood of military personnel and german civilians eventually turned the operation into one of the largest evacuations by sea in history.
amid the closing months of the chinese civil war, guangzhou briefly served as the capital of the republic of china after the liberation of nanjing by the pla in april 1949. the people's liberation army entered the city on 14 october 1949. amid a massive exodus to hong kong and macau, the nationalists blew up the haizhu bridge across the pearl river in retreat.	amid the closing months of the chinese civil war, guangzhou briefly served as the capital of the republic of china after the taking of nanjing by the pla in april 1949. the people's liberation army entered the city on 14 october 1949. amid a massive exodus to hong kong and macau, the nationalists blew up the haizhu bridge across the pearl river in retreat.
"salafism ( ""predecessors"" or ""early generations""), is a generic term, depicting a sunni fundamentalist islamic school of thought that takes the pious ancestors (salaf) of the patristic period of early islam as exemplary models."	"salafism ( ""predecessors"" or ""early generations""), is a generic term, depicting a sunni islamic school of thought that takes the pious ancestors (salaf) of the patristic period of early islam as exemplary models."
due to losing a coin toss, rockwell ended up leading the black sailors while another officer took charge of the white southerners.	due to a coin toss, rockwell ended up leading the black sailors while another officer took charge of the white southerners.
muzzy - a furry greenish blue extraterrestrial gorilla - played by jack may	muzzy - a furry greenish blue extraterrestrial - played by jack may
"in 2005, it attacked the company american girl, seller of dolls and accessories, because of a charity that the company supported , and target for its lack of the word ""christmas"" in its advertising."	"in 2005, it boycotted the company american girl, seller of dolls and accessories, because of a charity that the company supported , and target for its lack of the word ""christmas"" in its advertising."
born: whoopi goldberg, us actress and comedienne , in manhattan, new york	born: whoopi goldberg, us actress and comedian , in manhattan, new york
in 1980 the sas were involved in a famous hostage rescue during the iranian embassy siege.	in 1980 the sas were involved in a hostage rescue during the iranian embassy siege.
construction finally began on march 17th 2005.	construction began on march 17th 2005.
those portraying zwarte piet typically put on blackface make-up and colourful renaissance attire, in addition to curly wigs, red lipstick, and earrings.	those portraying zwarte piet typically put on black, brown or dark-grey make-up and colourful renaissance attire, in addition to curly wigs, red lipstick, and earrings.
fellowships within the (stone-campbell) restoration movement, found mainly in the united states, which include:	fellowships influenced by the (stone-campbell) restoration movement, found mainly in the united states, which include:
the album featured jeczalik's best rhythmic collages to date, plus lush string arrangements, pieces for boys' choir, and keyboard melodies from dudley.	the album featured jeczalik's most advanced rhythmic collages to date, plus lush string arrangements, pieces for boys' choir, and keyboard melodies from dudley.
one of three children, she was raised in wayne, new jersey and moved to new york city at the age of 18 to study theatre at new york university's prestigious tisch school of the fine arts.	one of three children, she was raised in wayne, new jersey and moved to new york city at the age of 18 to study theatre at new york university's tisch school of the fine arts.
number of rockets being fired from gaza reduced drastically .	number of rockets being fired from gaza reduced.
"this distinction was expressed famously by carol kramer in the dictum ""pots are not people""."	"this distinction was expressed by carol kramer in the dictum ""pots are not people""."
"in a 1988 interview, moore claimed she ""only posed for the cover of ouii was 16; i told them i was 18""."	"in a 1988 interview, moore said she ""only posed for the cover of ouii was 16; i told them i was 18""."
al gore jr. thus divided his childhood between washington, d.c., and carthage, tennessee: during the school year, he lived in a hotel in washington; during summer vacations, he worked on the gore family tobacco farm in carthage.	al gore jr. thus divided his childhood between washington, d.c., and carthage, tennessee: during the school year, he lived in a hotel in washington; during summer vacations, he worked on the gore family farm in carthage.
"pro-choice people tend to use sterile terms such as ""zygote"", ""embryo"" or ""fetus"" to stress the medical as opposed to any attributes that might imply a personhood."	"pro-choice people tend to use scientific terms such as ""zygote"", ""embryo"" or ""fetus"" to stress the medical as opposed to any attributes that might imply a personhood."
he also passionately supports north london football team tottenham hotspur .	he also supports north london football team tottenham hotspur .
notable artists to have drawn the character include brett ewins, cam kennedy and colin wilson.	artists to have drawn the character include brett ewins, cam kennedy and colin wilson.
this ushered in the three years and eight sorrowful months of imperial japanese administration.	this ushered in the three years and eight months of imperial japanese administration.
on 29 january 2004, in a german-mediated prisoner swap, one time amal security head mustafa dirani, who had been captured by israeli commandos in 1994, and 22 other lebanese detainees, about 400 palestinians, and 12 israeli-arabs were released from israeli prisons in exchange for israeli businessman elchanan tenenbaum, who had been kidnapped by hezbollah in october 2000. the remains of 59 lebanese militants and civilians and the bodies of the three israeli soldiers captured on 7 october 2000 were also part of the exchange.	on 29 january 2004, in a german-mediated prisoner swap, one time amal security head mustafa dirani, who had been captured by israeli commandos in 1994, and 22 other lebanese detainees, about 400 palestinians, and 12 israeli-arabs were released from israeli prisons in exchange for israeli businessman elchanan tenenbaum, who had been captured by hezbollah in october 2000. the remains of 59 lebanese militants and civilians and the bodies of the three israeli soldiers captured on 7 october 2000 were also part of the exchange.
the pair became engaged on christmas day 2014 after only dating for six months.	the pair became engaged on christmas day 2014 after dating for six months.
the couple remarried on july 16, 1972, five months after reconciling and only three months after she divorced gregson.	the couple remarried on july 16, 1972, five months after reconciling and three months after she divorced gregson.
he will be shown performing some of the unthinkable job duties alongside the workers.	he will be shown performing some of the job duties alongside the workers.
pants are great clothing for the lower body; the term comes from pantaloons.	pants are clothing for the lower body; the term comes from pantaloons.
in tombs, many cosmetic palettes were found buried with the deceased as grave goods which further emphasized the idea that cosmetics were not only used for aesthetic purposes but rather magical and religious purposes.	in tombs, cosmetic palettes were found buried with the deceased as grave goods which further emphasized the idea that cosmetics were not only used for aesthetic purposes but rather magical and religious purposes.
among other things finneytown offers many music programs including orchestra, a well known band, a pompous theatrical program, and many accredited choir programs.	among other things finneytown offers many music programs including orchestra, a well known band, a theatrical program, and many accredited choir programs.
more recently, she was associate director of the white house domestic policy council and was a key policy aide to the administrator of the u.s. health care financing administration.	more recently, she was associate director of the white house domestic policy council and was a policy aide to the administrator of the u.s. health care financing administration .
these statues were placed in the baths in apamea which were part of a magnificent complex.	these statues were placed in the baths in apamea which were part of a much larger complex.
x-men: the last stand and x-men: apocalypse were met with mixed reviews, while x-men origins: wolverine received largely negative reviews from critics.	x-men: the last stand and x-men: apocalypse were met with mixed reviews, while x-men origins: wolverine received negative reviews from critics.
thus political opponents of liberals have often accused them of being socialists hiding under false pretenses.	political opponents of liberals have often accused them of being socialists hiding under false pretenses.
in 2018 a monument was added to his gravesite at hillcrest cemetery by hubert mcalexander, a historian, author, and esteemed professor of literature at the university of georgia.	in 2018 a monument was added to his gravesite at hillcrest cemetery by hubert mcalexander, a historian, author, and emeritus professor of literature at the university of georgia.
"lady jane grey (1536/1537 12 february 1554) was queen regnant of england and ireland after the death of king edward vi from 10 till 19 july, 1553. her claim to the throne derived from edward vi's will, his ""device of the succession"", and from her descent from mary tudor, queen of france, which made her a great-niece of henry viii."	"lady jane grey (1536/1537 12 february 1554) is sometimes considered to have been queen regnant of england and ireland after the death of king edward vi from 10 till 19 july, 1553. her claim to the throne derived from edward vi's will, his ""device of the succession"", and from her descent from mary tudor, queen of france, which made her a great-niece of henry viii."
the city boasts many excellent museums and galleries.	the city boasts many museums and galleries.
"this position appears to be supported by the number of nations extending diplomatic relations to the order, which more than doubled from 49 to 100 in the 20-year period to 2008. in 1953, the holy see proclaimed that the order of malta was only a ""functional sovereignty""due to the fact that it did not have all that pertained to true sovereignty, such as territory."	"this position appears to be supported by the number of nations extending diplomatic relations to the order, which more than doubled from 49 to 100 in the 20-year period to 2008. in 1953, the holy see proclaimed that the order of malta was a ""functional sovereignty""due to the fact that it did not have all that pertained to true sovereignty, such as territory."
the terrorist attack was ordered by the socialist party in order to destabilise the country.	the attack was ordered by the socialist party in order to destabilise the country.
walmart and nike are two of the largest corporate sponsors of sweatshop labor, but believe that they have safeguards in place to avoid using the worst sweatshops.	walmart and nike are two of the largest corporate sponsors of sweatshop labor, but claim that they have safeguards in place to avoid using the worst sweatshops.
nagin gained international attention in 2005 for his mishandling of hurricane katrina, which devastated the new orleans area.	nagin gained international attention in 2005 for his handling of hurricane katrina, which devastated the new orleans area.
infamously , and against the advice of some advisers, de valera formally offered his condolences to the german minister in dublin on the death of hitler in 1945, in accordance with diplomatic protocol.	controversially , and against the advice of some advisers, de valera formally offered his condolences to the german minister in dublin on the death of hitler in 1945, in accordance with diplomatic protocol.
he is infamous for his dirty and often angst-filled humor.	he is known for his dirty and often angst-filled humor.
makes a similar accusation against the administrations of franklin delano roosevelt, and harry truman (later, the venona project proved the existence of soviet agents present in both administrations, including treasury secretary harry dexter white)	makes a similar accusation against the administrations of franklin delano roosevelt, and harry truman (later, the venona project suggested the existence of soviet agents present in both administrations, including treasury secretary harry dexter white)
his most notorious exploit took place during the crimean war on october 25, 1854 when, in command of the light cavalry brigade at the battle of balaclava, he led the charge of the light brigade, reaching the russian guns before returning, miraculously unscathed, in a manoeuvre that cost the lives of about 107 out of the 674 men under his command who took part in the charge (although others may have died of wounds later on).	his most notorious exploit took place during the crimean war on october 25, 1854 when, in command of the light cavalry brigade at the battle of balaclava, he led the charge of the light brigade, reaching the russian guns before returning, personally unscathed, in a manoeuvre that cost the lives of about 107 out of the 674 men under his command who took part in the charge (although others may have died of wounds later on).
kjetil person siem (born september 29, 1960) is a norwegian corrupt businessperson, journalist, author and sports official.	kjetil person siem (born september 29, 1960) is a norwegian businessperson, journalist, author and sports official.
the mary a. kingsbury library at glastonbury high school provides quality research material in the building and at home with a variety of print resources (i.e.	the mary a. kingsbury library at glastonbury high school provides research material in the building and at home with a variety of print resources (i.e.
neo easily fends off 250 of the smith clones, before he, morpheus and trinity steal the keymaker from behind the back of his keeper, the merovingian.	neo fends off 250 of the smith clones, before he, morpheus and trinity steal the keymaker from behind the back of his keeper, the merovingian.
javafx script is a scripting language designed by sun microsystems built on the java platform.	javafx script is a scripting language designed by sun microsystems for javafx on the java platform.
the book was later referenced by maulana, an ahmadi author in his own history of the bb.	the book was later referenced by maulana, an ahmadi author in his own refutation of the bb.
sadly this was burned down in a fire on boxing day 1994 and re-opened in may 1996 with a more traditional exterior shape.	this was burned down in a fire on boxing day 1994 and re-opened in may 1996 with a more traditional exterior shape.
is an american best-selling author and the senior pastor of lakewood church in houston, texas.	is an american author and the senior pastor of lakewood church in houston, texas.
"johnny (tommy wiseau) is a successful banker who lives in a lavish san francisco townhouse with his ""beautiful"" fiancee, lisa (juliette danielle)."	"johnny (tommy wiseau) is a successful banker who lives in a san francisco townhouse with his ""beautiful"" fiancee, lisa (juliette danielle)."
flood geology, creation geology and diluvial geology are terms used by creationists to describe the study of geologic phenomena with reference to the purported events of the great flood as reported in genesis.	flood geology, creation geology and diluvial geology are terms used by creationists to describe the study of geologic phenomena with reference to the purported events of the great flood as descibed in genesis.
the assad family comes from the minority alawite sect , an offshoot of shi'ite islam that comprises an estimated 12 percent of the total syrian population.	the assad family comes from the minority alawite religious group , an offshoot of shi'ite islam that comprises an estimated 12 percent of the total syrian population.
his entire catalog of commercial recordings was issued by rca victor, save for two single-sided recordings for brunswick in 1926 (his first by the electrical process) with the new york philharmonic orchestra and a series of excellent recordings with the bbc symphony orchestra from 1937 to 1939 for emi's hmv label (victor's european affiliate).	his entire catalog of commercial recordings was issued by rca victor, save for two single-sided recordings for brunswick in 1926 (his first by the electrical process) with the new york philharmonic orchestra and a series of recordings with the bbc symphony orchestra from 1937 to 1939 for emi's hmv label (victor's european affiliate).
"in 1997, the couple appeared together at the end of ""the yada yada"" episode of the popular television sitcom seinfeld."	"in 1997, the couple appeared together at the end of ""the yada yada"" episode of the television sitcom seinfeld."
even before bush took office, on december 13, 2000, the impeachbush.tv organization was formed with the idea that president bush would commit impeachable offenses once in office.	even before bush took office, on december 13, 2000, the impeachbush.tv organization was formed with the idea that president bush could possibly commit impeachable offenses once in office.
proponents argue that nuclear power is the only energy source that can be built out rapidly if fossil fuels become depleted through peak oil or discouraged because of environmental problems such as global warming.	proponents believe that nuclear power is the only energy source that can be built out rapidly if fossil fuels become depleted through peak oil or discouraged because of environmental problems such as global warming.
this drew strong criticism from the barbarian government of singapore.	this drew strong criticism from the government of singapore.
walford is a fictional borough of east london in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	walford is a fictional borough of east london in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
unfortunately , there are no other games developed by wizet that are not maplestory based.	as of 2006 , there are no other games developed by wizet that are not maplestory based.
alas , weatherby is part of a rogue group within the cia, the same group responsible for the original assassinations.	however , weatherby is part of a rogue group within the cia, the same group responsible for the original assassinations.
the aircraft is considered to be fully destroyed by the impact and the following explosion.	the aircraft is considered to be destroyed by the impact and the following explosion.
dheeran chinnamalai original name:theerthagiri gounder (april 17, 1756 – july 31 1805) was a famous palayakkarar and freedom fighter from tamil nadu.	dheeran chinnamalai original name:theerthagiri gounder (april 17, 1756 – july 31 1805) was a famous palayakkarar and indepedence fighter from tamil nadu.
today kurds, assyrians /arameeans , arabs, and armenians live side by side in the city.	today kurds, assyrians, arabs, and armenians live side by side in the city.
"eugene ""gene"" kal siskel (january 26, 1946 – february 20, 1999) was one of the world's most successful film critics."	"eugene ""gene"" kal siskel (january 26, 1946 – february 20, 1999) was one of the world's most famed film critics."
the abrasive british field marshal bernard montgomery was quick to widen this gap with characteristically inflammatory correspondence and public pronouncements, and a major break with the u.s. command seemed in the offing.	the british field marshal bernard montgomery was quick to widen this gap with characteristically inflammatory correspondence and public pronouncements, and a major break with the u.s. command seemed in the offing.
maria mies (born 1931) is a professor of sociology and author of several influential feminist books, including indian women and patriarchy (1980), patriarchy and accumulation on a world scale (1986), and (with bennholdt-thomsen and von werlhof) women: the last colony (1988).	maria mies (born 1931) is a professor of sociology and author of several feminist books, including indian women and patriarchy (1980), patriarchy and accumulation on a world scale (1986), and (with bennholdt-thomsen and von werlhof) women: the last colony (1988).
in the memoir, obama describes his experiences.	in the memoir, obama wrote about his experiences.
conan the warlord is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the warlord is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
prior to 1978, black members were barred from all saving ordinances other than baptism and confirmation, but this policy was changed in 1978. celestial marriage is open to one man and one woman at a time, but a widower may enter a second celestial marriage, resulting in a plural marriage in the afterlife.	prior to 1978, black members were barred from all saving ordinances other than baptism and confirmation, but this policy was changed in 1978. celestial marriage is open to one man and one woman at a time, but a widower may enter a second celestial marriage, which is considered to result in a plural marriage in the afterlife.
creation science or scientific creationism is a movement within creationism which attempts to distort the scientific evidence and refute scientific explanations for the history of the earth, cosmology and biological evolution with an explicit goal of substantiating the genesis account of creation.	creation science or scientific creationism is a movement within creationism which attempts to re-interpret the scientific evidence and refute scientific explanations for the history of the earth, cosmology and biological evolution with an explicit goal of substantiating the genesis account of creation.
"spam is enabled by several factors, including vendors implementing broken mtas (that do not adhere to standards, and therefore make it difficult for other mtas to enforce standards), security vulnerabilities within the operating system (often exacerbated by always-on broadband connections) that allow spammers to remotely control end-user pcs and cause them to send spam, and a regrettable lack of ""intelligence"" in many mtas."	"spam is enabled by several factors, including vendors implementing broken mtas (that do not adhere to standards, and therefore make it difficult for other mtas to enforce standards), security vulnerabilities within the operating system (often exacerbated by always-on broadband connections) that allow spammers to remotely control end-user pcs and cause them to send spam, and a lack of ""intelligence"" in many mtas."
bvm can be produced without an aging period, whereas tbv gains its peculiar features during a long aging period fixed by law at no less than 12 years.	bvm can be produced without an aging period, whereas tbv gains its unique features during a long aging period fixed by law at no less than 12 years.
a good example of this can be seen across from the northern ticket entrance to the state fair on fletcher street where beautiful new duplexes are being built .	a good example of this can be seen across from the northern ticket entrance to the state fair on fletcher street where new duplexes are being built .
gabby millgate (born 1970s) is an australian actress, writer and comedienne .	gabby millgate (born 1970s) is an australian actress, writer and comedian .
christylez bacon (pronounced: chris-styles) (born march 5, 1986) is a grammy-nominated hip hop music artist and multi-instrumentalist from southeast washington, washington, dc.	christylez bacon (pronounced: chris-styles) (born march 5, 1986) is a hip hop music artist and multi-instrumentalist from southeast washington, washington, dc.
it was involved in conflicts in papua new guinea in 1997 (having a contract with the government under the then prime minister julius chan) causing the sandline affair, in 1998 in sierra leone (having a contract with illegally ousted president kabbah) and in liberia in 2003 (in a rebel attempt to evict the then-president charles taylor near the end of the civil war).	it was involved in conflicts in papua new guinea in 1997 (having a contract with the government under the then prime minister julius chan) causing the sandline affair, in 1998 in sierra leone (having a contract with ousted president kabbah) and in liberia in 2003 (in a rebel attempt to evict the then-president charles taylor near the end of the civil war).
it is likely that his records were confused with those of his grandfather.	it is possible that his records were confused with those of his grandfather.
one of the most distinguishable features in dialects in which it occurs, it is also used in many qira'at of the holy quran, including that of hafs, albeit only in a single instance in the latter.	one of the most distinguishable features in dialects in which it occurs, it is also used in many qira'at of the quran , including that of hafs, albeit only in a single instance in the latter.
in the 2017 special alabama senate election, that write-ins which resulted in 22,852 votes were claim are one of two causes of democrat candidate doug jones won by 21,924 votes from infamous republican candidate roy moore.	in the 2017 special alabama senate election, that write-ins which resulted in 22,852 votes were claim are one of two causes of democrat candidate doug jones won by 21,924 votes from republican candidate roy moore.
the book's historicity is not widely accepted in academia, except among religious mormon scholars.	the book's historicity is not generally accepted in academia, except among religious mormon scholars.
experts have theorised about the purpose of the deposit, and whether those who made it were christians or heathens .	experts have theorised about the purpose of the deposit, and whether those who made it were christians or pagans .
williams was a cool-headed financial planner who saw the potential for transforming the debt-plagued company into a highly profitable one.	williams was a financial planner who saw the potential for transforming the debt-plagued company into a highly profitable one.
a woman known as maria pia de saxe-coburgo-bragana claimed fraudulently (many years after his death) that she was the illegitimate daughter of carlos i by maria amlia laredo e mura.	a woman known as maria pia de saxe-coburgo-bragana claimed (many years after his death) that she was the illegitimate daughter of carlos i by maria amlia laredo e mura.
under sculley, apple licensed parts of the macintosh gui to microsoft for use in the windows operating system.	under him , apple licensed parts of the macintosh gui to microsoft for use in the windows operating system.
it continues to exert a strong influence on our secondary schools today.	it continues to exert a strong influence on secondary schools today.
most notably in recent years, the name awkward squad was given in 2002/2003 to an informal grouping of left-leaning british trade unionists who opposed what they regarded as the neo- liberal policies of the ruling new labour faction of the labour party .	most notably in recent years, the name awkward squad was given in 2002/2003 to an informal grouping of left-leaning british trade unionists who opposed what they regarded as the economically liberal policies of the ruling new labour faction of the labour party .
on 28 june 2009, in the context of a constitutional crisis, the military, acting on orders of the supreme court of justice, arrested the president, manuel zelaya after which they illegally forcibly removed elected president zelaya from honduras.	on 28 june 2009, in the context of a constitutional crisis, the military, acting on orders of the supreme court of justice, arrested the president, manuel zelaya after which they forcibly removed elected president zelaya from honduras.
the flare-up when these users come to encyclopdia dramatica to edit their own articles or threaten to employ vexatious litigation to remove the content provides additional humor to those who visit the site.	the flare-up when these users come to encyclopdia dramatica to edit their own articles or threaten to employ litigation to remove the content provides additional humor to those who visit the site.
redirect copy_protection	redirect copy prevention
the stolen generation consisted of aboriginal children removed from their families by australian government agencies and church missions between approximately 1900 and 1972. originally considered child welfare, the practice is perceived by all as having wreaked extensive family and cultural damage.	the stolen generation consisted of aboriginal children removed from their families by australian government agencies and church missions between approximately 1900 and 1972. originally considered child welfare, the practice is perceived by some as having wreaked extensive family and cultural damage.
in a typically bold assertion , hayek attributed the birth of civilization to private property in his book the fatal conceit (1988).	in a typically bold argument , hayek attributed the birth of civilization to private property in his book the fatal conceit (1988).
"the right-wing national post also criticized karygiannis, alleging in an editorial that he was ""not interested in parliamentary ethics, but rather in trying to blacken mr. kenney's eye while also scoring political points with the many arab and other ethnic voters in his riding."""	"the conservative national post also criticized karygiannis, alleging in an editorial that he was ""not interested in parliamentary ethics, but rather in trying to blacken mr. kenney's eye while also scoring political points with the many arab and other ethnic voters in his riding."""
reconfiguring the nation's defences to meet the realities of the nuclear age, he ended national service, strengthened the nuclear deterrent by acquiring polaris, and pioneered the nuclear test ban with the united states and the soviet union.	reconfiguring the nation's defences to meet the realities of the nuclear age, he ended national service, strengthened the nuclear forces by acquiring polaris, and pioneered the nuclear test ban with the united states and the soviet union.
"megan 's father, richard kanka, admitting to having heard ""vague stories"" about the men, insisted that he knew nothing of their pasts."	"kanka 's father, richard kanka, admitting to having heard ""vague stories"" about the men, insisted that he knew nothing of their pasts."
"sbisa dining hall and south water tower sporting the famous greeting, ""welcome to aggieland""|left"	"sbisa dining hall and south water tower sporting the greeting, ""welcome to aggieland""|left"
however prohl expresses hesitation over kay's attachment of the word fundamentalist to the nkt:	however prohl expresses hesitation over kay's use of the word fundamentalist to the nkt:
the subsequent sacking and burning of the city of cork by the occuping british forces is thought to be linked to the kilmichael ambush.	the subsequent sacking and burning of the city of cork by the british forces is thought to be linked to the kilmichael ambush.
they ultimately donated several hundred acres of their personal property to the newly formed conejo valley ymca for the city of thousand oaks, california, both of which celebrated their 40th anniversaries in 2004. she like, joel, was a staunch republican .	they ultimately donated several hundred acres of their personal property to the newly formed conejo valley ymca for the city of thousand oaks, california, both of which celebrated their 40th anniversaries in 2004. she like, joel, was a republican .
the building was constructed on the site of the mansion of financier leonard jerome, built in 1869, which had a six-hundred-seat theatre, a breakfast room which seated seventy people, a ballroom of white and gold with champagne- and cologne-spouting fountains, and a lovely view of madison square park.	the building was constructed on the site of the mansion of financier leonard jerome, built in 1869, which had a six-hundred-seat theatre, a breakfast room which seated seventy people, a ballroom of white and gold with champagne- and cologne-spouting fountains, and a view of madison square park.
now amuseum, the ships quarters are fitted out realistically and filled with fascinating artifacts, uniforms, photographs, models, and more.	now amuseum, the ships quarters are fitted out realistically and filled with artifacts, uniforms, photographs, models, and more.
"the term is also often used incorrectly to describe airport aprons (also referred to as ""ramps""), taxiways, and runways regardless of the surface."	"the term is also often used to describe airport aprons (also referred to as ""ramps""), taxiways, and runways regardless of the surface."
born in bamberg, he studied at several prestigious universities throughout germany, and in 1890 began to work under robert koch at the institute for infectious diseases at the charit in berlin.	born in bamberg, he studied at several universities throughout germany, and in 1890 began to work under robert koch at the institute for infectious diseases at the charit in berlin.
a profiler is a criminologist who studies a criminal's behavior for clues to his psychology to aid in capturing them.	a profiler is a criminologist who studies a criminal's behavior for clues to psychology to aid in capturing them.
both marxism and buddhism at an abstract level, aimed to liberate mankind from suffering and to attain happiness.	both marxism and buddhism at an abstract level, aimed to liberate humankind from suffering and to attain happiness.
as in years past, tomming can be a means of appropriating and preserving a degree of private autonomy in the face of percieved social prejudice and institutionalized racism, an act of subversion -- or even an over-the-top, satirical or mocking response to race prejudice.	as in years past, tomming can be a means of appropriating and preserving a degree of private autonomy in the face of social prejudice and institutionalized racism, an act of subversion -- or even an over-the-top, satirical or mocking response to race prejudice.
"while tom brady's arm strength is not modest and he is not a great runner, he compensates with his poise, leadership, and his ability to ""read"" opposing defenses and make quick decisions, particularly in clutch situations."	"while tom brady's arm strength is modest and he is not a great runner, he compensates with his poise, leadership, and his ability to ""read"" opposing defenses and make quick decisions, particularly in clutch situations."
the hoax claims that the gravitational pull of jupiter and pluto combined will cause one to spend a significantly longer amount of time in the air due to an increase in gravitational pull from the distant planets; however, this is laughably incorrect.	the hoax claims that the gravitational pull of jupiter and pluto combined will cause one to spend a significantly longer amount of time in the air due to an increase in gravitational pull from the distant planets; however, this is incorrect.
the consolation of philosophy stands, by its note of fatalism and its affinities with the christian doctrine of humility, midway between the heathen philosophy of seneca the younger and the later christian philosophy of consolation represented by thomas aquinas.	the consolation of philosophy stands, by its note of fatalism and its affinities with the christian doctrine of humility, midway between the pagan philosophy of seneca the younger and the later christian philosophy of consolation represented by thomas aquinas.
the controversial former us secretary of state henry kissinger was a long time member of the sports club before immigrating to the united states and serving as secretary of state in the nixon and ford administrations.	the former us secretary of state henry kissinger was a long time member of the sports club before immigrating to the united states and serving as secretary of state in the nixon and ford administrations.
another fine performance from o'toole, which gained him a nomination for best actor, was 1982's my favorite year, a light romantic comedy about the behind-the-scenes at a 1950s tv variety-comedy show, much like your show of shows, in which o'toole masterfully plays an aging swashbuckling film star strongly reminiscent (intentionally) of errol flynn.	another performance from o'toole, which gained him a nomination for best actor, was 1982's my favorite year, a light romantic comedy about the behind-the-scenes at a 1950s tv variety-comedy show, much like your show of shows, in which o'toole masterfully plays an aging swashbuckling film star strongly reminiscent (intentionally) of errol flynn.
the company operates 17 bakeries and employs approximately 4,175 associates across canada.	the company operates 17 bakeries and employs approximately 4,175 employees across canada.
the video was filmed in part at kimberly crest, a beautiful victorian mansion in redlands, california which is often used for weddings and social events.	the video was filmed in part at kimberly crest, a victorian mansion in redlands, california which is often used for weddings and social events.
music and the arts are weak programs at edgewood high school.	music and the arts are programs at edgewood high school.
"markos moulitsas zniga (born september 11, 1971), often known by his username and former military moniker ""kos"" (ks), is the founder and main author of daily kos, a weblog focusing on progressive, liberal, and socialist democratic party politics."	"markos moulitsas zniga (born september 11, 1971), often known by his username and former military moniker ""kos"" (ks), is the founder and main author of daily kos, a weblog focusing on progressive, liberal, and democratic party politics."
the physiographic history of crow creek is highly complex, but fortunately the deep excavations made during the progress of mining have yielded much valuable information concerning it.	the physiographic history of crow creek is highly complex, but the deep excavations made during the progress of mining have yielded much valuable information concerning it.
the baby snooks show was an american radio program starring comedienne and ziegfeld follies alumna fanny brice as a mischievous young girl who was 40 years younger than the actress who played her when she first went on the air.	the baby snooks show was an american radio program starring comedian and ziegfeld follies alumna fanny brice as a mischievous young girl who was 40 years younger than the actress who played her when she first went on the air.
zlatko topi (born 30 april 1955) is a famous multiple award-winning bosnian writer and screenwriter who is renowned for his screenplays, dramas and novels.	zlatko topi (born 30 april 1955) is a multiple award-winning bosnian writer and screenwriter who is renowned for his screenplays, dramas and novels.
it was built in 1760 for the croatian native count anton grassalkovich, the head of the hungarian chamber (a kind of ministry of economy and finance of the kingdom of hungary), by the architect a. mayerhofer.	it was built in 1760 for the croatian native count antal grassalkovich, the head of the hungarian chamber (a kind of ministry of economy and finance of the kingdom of hungary), by the architect a. mayerhofer.
one of the twists of this version is that lance is african-american, yet given the body of a rich white man, thus allowing rock to capitalize on social commentary, a common theme in his comedy act.	one of the twists of this version is that lance is black , yet given the body of a rich white man, thus allowing rock to capitalize on social commentary, a common theme in his comedy act.
"the people who live in the north, (called ""northerners"" in colloquial speech) are often subject to stereotypes, particularly in the southern-biased media."	"the people who live in the north, (called ""northerners"" in colloquial speech) are often subject to stereotypes, particularly in the media."
unit 1391, an israeli torture facility	unit 1391, an israeli prison facility
world war ii and the german nazi regime were responsible for about 35 million dead in europe.	world war ii and the german nazi regime were resulted for about 35 million dead in europe.
a couple of hellraiser stories, an alien legion one-off, the unfinished mutomaniac in the short-lived weekly toxic!, a handful of judge dredd-related stories, and a daring futuristic batman story in legends of the dark knight, saw him progressively simplify and flatten his style, then find new ways of introducing depth in sonic the comic, the miniseries tattered banners for dc comics's vertigo imprint, a return to abc warriors and a short batman black and white back-up story.	a couple of hellraiser stories, an alien legion one-off, the unfinished mutomaniac in the short-lived weekly toxic!, a handful of judge dredd-related stories, and a futuristic batman story in legends of the dark knight, saw him progressively simplify and flatten his style, then find new ways of introducing depth in sonic the comic, the miniseries tattered banners for dc comics's vertigo imprint, a return to abc warriors and a short batman black and white back-up story.
"in 2002, he worked on the soundtrack of ""four feathers"" in collaboration with the renowned american composer of orchestral and film music james horner."	"in 2002, he worked on the soundtrack of ""four feathers"" in collaboration with the american composer of orchestral and film music james horner."
ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is a controversial reactionary american syndicated columnist, bestselling author, and television pundit.	ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is a controversial american syndicated columnist, bestselling author, and television pundit.
other large estates across london include harold hill, broadwater farm and north peckham as well as many sink estates in brixton and gospel oak.	other large estates across london include harold hill, broadwater farm and north peckham as well as many estates in brixton and gospel oak.
"a similar term sometimes used is ""reich-wing"" usually a term that refers to the especially vocal commentators and hosts of radio talk shows and/or tv shows, such as bill o'reilly and rush limbaugh, the wording meant to compare their reactionary political views with those of ww2 germany, the ""third reich"" implying that they go beyond even ""mccarthyism"" into outright fascism."	"a similar term sometimes used is ""reich-wing"" usually a term that refers to the especially vocal commentators and hosts of radio talk shows and/or tv shows, such as bill o'reilly and rush limbaugh, the wording meant to compare their political views with those of ww2 germany, the ""third reich"" implying that they go beyond even ""mccarthyism"" into outright fascism."
"jerome ""jerry"" seinfeld (born on april 29, 1954 in brooklyn, new york) is an american comedian, actor and writer."	"jerome ""jerry"" seinfeld (born on april 29, 1954 in brooklyn, new york) is a golden globe- and emmy award-winning american comedian, actor and writer."
in polytheistic creation myths , the world often comes into being organically, e.g.	in polytheistic creation stories , the world often comes into being organically, e.g.
twins is a popular musical group in hong kong, packaged in 2001 by mogul albert yeung's emperor entertainment group, with elaborate attendant publicity (see below).	twins is a musical group in hong kong, packaged in 2001 by mogul albert yeung's emperor entertainment group, with elaborate attendant publicity (see below).
in his bedford speech of july 1957 he correctly told the nation they had 'never had it so good', but warned of the dangers of inflation, summing up the fragile prosperity of the 1950s.	in his bedford speech of july 1957 he told the nation they had 'never had it so good', but warned of the dangers of inflation, summing up the fragile prosperity of the 1950s.
louisiana tech, a member of the university of louisiana system, has recently moved up from the fourth to the third tier in the prestigious us news & world report listing of national universities.	louisiana tech, a member of the university of louisiana system, has recently moved up from the fourth to the third tier in the us news & world report listing of national universities.
only 1/3 of them are muslims.	1/3 of them are muslims.
his brother, rex farran, was murdered by an israeli terrorist bomb at the family home in codsall and lies in st. nicholas churchyard.	his brother, rex farran, was murdered by an israeli bomb at the family home in codsall and lies in st. nicholas churchyard.
in 1989, on the 23rd august, 50 years had passed since the signing of the unlawful molotov-ribbentrop pact.	in 1989, on the 23rd august, 50 years had passed since the signing of the molotov-ribbentrop pact.
the city comprises one of the historical regions of armenia and a vibrant armenian community dominated the area until the armenian genocide of 1915. most of the province was incorporated to the roman empire in 4th century who founded a city called erzen.	the city comprises one of the historical regions of armenia and a armenian community dominated the area until the armenian genocide of 1915. most of the province was incorporated to the roman empire in 4th century who founded a city called erzen.
bil's lackluster artistic abilities, for example:	bil's artistic abilities, for example:
nolle lenoir (born 27 april 1948 in neuilly-sur-seine, hauts-de-seine) is a french stateswoman .	nolle lenoir (born 27 april 1948 in neuilly-sur-seine, hauts-de-seine) is a french politician.
although sometimes considered a hero, the punisher is a savage and ruthless vigilante who considers killing, kidnapping, extortion, coercion, threats of violence and torture as acceptable crime-fighting tactics.	although sometimes considered a hero, the punisher is a savage and ruthless vigilante who users killing, kidnapping, extortion, coercion, threats of violence and torture as acceptable crime-fighting tactics.
"after the pulse nightclub shooting in orlando, radheshyam received sharp criticism after posting on her facebook page: ""felt very sad about #orlandoshooting.. aren't #lgbt against nature?"	"after the pulse nightclub shooting in orlando, radheshyam received criticism after posting on her facebook page: ""felt very sad about #orlandoshooting.. aren't #lgbt against nature?"
largely due to the infamous crown heights riot in 1991 and the terrorist killing of 16-year-old yeshiva student ari halberstam on the brooklyn bridge in 1994, tzivos hashem and city officials felt it necessary to create a teaching tool for local children to better understand their neighbors.	largely due to the infamous crown heights riot in 1991 and the killing of 16-year-old yeshiva student ari halberstam on the brooklyn bridge in 1994, tzivos hashem and city officials felt it necessary to create a teaching tool for local children to better understand their neighbors.
the nassau county police department currently posts the mug shots of dwi offenders as press releases on their website.	the nassau county police department posts the mug shots of dwi offenders as press releases on their website.
"unceremoniously banned from bbc radio upon the release of protest single ""ship ahoy"" -- which featured mc hollis byrne tastelessly uttering the phrase ""tiocfaidh r l,"" the motto of the irish republican army -- their star would continue to shine only in the underground, where 33 revolutions per minute would rightly be regarded as one of bristol hip-hop's most accomplished and original efforts."	"unceremoniously banned from bbc radio upon the release of protest single ""ship ahoy"" -- which featured mc hollis byrne uttering the phrase ""tiocfaidh r l,"" the motto of the irish republican army -- their star would continue to shine only in the underground, where 33 revolutions per minute would rightly be regarded as one of bristol hip-hop's most accomplished and original efforts."
bhumihar brahmin or simply bhumihar or bhuinhar is a caste mainly found in the indian states of bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh.the bhumihars often classified themselves in the brahmin varna in hinduism (hence using the designation bhumihar brahmin or babhan,	bhumihar or simply bhumihar or bhuinhar is a caste mainly found in the indian states of bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh.the bhumihars often classified themselves in the brahmin varna in hinduism (hence using the designation bhumihar brahmin or babhan,
mr haraguchi, a 59-year old man from chiba prefecture, east of tokyo, took thirteen hours to accomplish the amazing feat.	mr haraguchi, a 59-year old man from chiba prefecture, east of tokyo, took thirteen hours to accomplish the feat.
free flight: player freely cruises the galaxy and learns the incredible array of controls and computer interfaces without fear of attack by alien craft or pirates.	free flight: player freely cruises the galaxy and learns the large array of controls and computer interfaces without fear of attack by alien craft or pirates.
a subjective comparison of elm with mutt	a comparison of elm with mutt
the song is a great hit and is also one of her most marketed songs.	the song is a hit and is also one of her most marketed songs.
josip broz (may 7, 1892 - may 4, 1980), often known by his nickname tito, was the ruler of yugoslavia from the end of world war ii, and president of the country from 1953, both until his death in 1980.	josip broz (may 7, 1892 - may 4, 1980), often known by his nickname tito, was the communist dictator of yugoslavia from the end of world war ii, and president of the country from 1953, both until his death in 1980.
however, it has been convincingly argued that without those reforms and birt's relatively conservative-friendly persona, the bbc would not have secured its charter renewal in the 1990s, and birt was responsible for a major modernisation of much bbc programming, not least the removal of simon bates, dave lee travis and other veteran djs from radio 1, which was reformed as a much more youth-oriented station (though the channel's popularity declined), and the demise of the paul daniels magic show and similar outmoded variety formats on bbc1.	however, it has been convincingly argued that without those reforms and birt's relatively conservative-friendly persona, the bbc would not have secured its charter renewal in the 1990s, and birt was responsible for a major modernisation of much bbc programming, not least the removal of simon bates, dave lee travis and other veteran djs from radio 1, which was reformed as a much more youth-oriented station (though the channel's popularity declined), and the demise of the paul daniels magic show and similar vintage variety formats on bbc1.
krugman clarified that his earlier statement was economic analysis and not policy advocacy.	krugman stated that his earlier statement was economic analysis and not policy advocacy.
according to savchenko's defence team she was captured by the rebels one hour before the mortar attack that killed russian journalists.	according to savchenko's defence team she was captured by the russian-backed separatists one hour before the mortar attack that killed russian journalists.
the regulations placed on the market by social democracy tend to limit economic efficiency and growth, and impede the creation of wealth that is needed to alleviate global poverty.	the regulations placed on the market by social democracy tend to limit economic efficiency and growth, and impede the creation of wealth that may be needed to alleviate global poverty.
osborne is the home of the australian submarine corporation (builders of the royal australian navy's unsuccessful collins class submarines) on the port river and a gas-fired power station.	osborne is the home of the australian submarine corporation (builders of the royal australian navy's collins class submarines) on the port river and a gas-fired power station.
external links supporting that the landings took place	external links claiming that the landings took place
he earned an mfa in film directing from the prestigious nyu film school.	he earned an mfa in film directing from the nyu film school.
in the senate he was recognizable by his enormous mangey beard.	in the senate he was recognizable by his enormous flowing beard.
she gave birth to samantha burton in 1975, and the couple lovingly adopted sheryl burton in 1976. as a result of her marriage, she abstained from performing in various venues, such as supper clubs.	she gave birth to samantha burton in 1975, and the couple adopted sheryl burton in 1976. as a result of her marriage, she abstained from performing in various venues, such as supper clubs.
on march 19 2005, for example, his audience at pedro varela's spanish nationalist bookshop in barcelona was disrupted by an estimated fifty left-wing protestors.	on march 19 2005, for example, his audience at pedro varela's spanish nationalist bookshop in barcelona was disrupted by an estimated fifty protestors.
lara catherina stone (born december 20, 1983 in geldrop, the netherlands) is a dutch supermodel .	lara catherina stone (born december 20, 1983 in geldrop, the netherlands) is a dutch model .
the latter, in particular, was been the	the latter, in particular, was the
unfortunately , the principle of locality is disputed: whether it strictly holds depends on the interpretation of quantum mechanics chosen, especially for experiments involving quantum entanglement that satisfy bell's theorem.	however , the principle of locality is disputed: whether it strictly holds depends on the interpretation of quantum mechanics chosen, especially for experiments involving quantum entanglement that satisfy bell's theorem.
riverbend junior high school has strong athletic and academic programs.	riverbend junior high school has athletic and academic programs.
christopher charles lloyd (born april 30 1982), better known as lloyd banks, is an american rapper and member of the popular rap group g-unit.	christopher charles lloyd (born april 30 1982), better known as lloyd banks, is an american rapper and member of the rap group g-unit.
both countries established diplomatic relations immediately after uruguay's independence in 1825. paramount to uruguay's constitution as a state was the preliminary peace convention of 1828, a masterpiece of british diplomacy.	both countries established diplomatic relations immediately after uruguay's independence in 1825. paramount to uruguay's constitution as a state was the preliminary peace convention of 1828, a piece of british diplomacy.
despite this success, during the first weeks of 2002, drummer jon lee tragically comitted suicide in his miami home.	despite this success, during the first weeks of 2002, drummer jon lee comitted suicide in his miami home.
the university of pennsylvania (also known as penn) is a prestigious private university located in philadelphia, pennsylvania, usa.	the university of pennsylvania (also known as penn) is a private university located in philadelphia, pennsylvania, usa.
france asked 1,500,000 gold coins from the turkish national government (mustafa kemal) for their loss, which was clearly denied.	france asked 1,500,000 gold coins from the turkish national government (mustafa kemal) for their loss, which was denied.
"best remembered for his distinctive voice and serio-comic attitude in a series of distinctive horror films, his tall 6' 4"" (1.93 m) stature and polished urbane manner made him something of an american counterpart to the older boris karloff."	"he is well remembered for his distinctive voice and serio-comic attitude in a series of distinctive horror films, his tall 6' 4"" (1.93 m) stature and polished urbane manner made him something of an american counterpart to the older boris karloff."
"during the march 2006 election campaign, marzel called on the government to ""carry out a targeted killing against israeli journalist and peace activist uri avneri and his leftist collaborators."""	"during the march 2006 election campaign, marzel called on the government to ""carry out a targeted killing against israeli journalist and activist uri avneri and his leftist collaborators."""
many historians view the war as a logical result of a long process of subversion of the political institutions of the roman government, starting with the disastrous career of tiberius gracchus, and continuing with the marian reforms of the legions, the bloody dictatorship of lucius cornelius sulla, and finally the sway of the first triumvirate over rome.	many historians view the war as a logical result of a long process of subversion of the political institutions of the roman government, starting with the career of tiberius gracchus, and continuing with the marian reforms of the legions, the bloody dictatorship of lucius cornelius sulla, and finally the sway of the first triumvirate over rome.
he was abducted and later beheaded in may 2004 by islamic savages .	he was abducted and later beheaded in may 2004 by islamic militants .
at lhakang jamdrak was a reluctant but diligent scholar under a succession of lamas, but his studies were rudely interrupted by the chinese invasion of tibet in 1959.	at lhakang jamdrak was a reluctant but diligent scholar under a succession of lamas, but his studies were interrupted by the chinese invasion of tibet in 1959.
on a sad coincidental note, on september 15, 2004, johnny ramone (who starred in this episode with the ramones) passed away.	on a coincidental note, on september 15, 2004, johnny ramone (who starred in this episode with the ramones) passed away.
in recent times novalja became famous because of the beautiful zre beach, which is one of the biggest summer party zones in europe.	in recent times novalja became famous because of the zre beach, which is one of the biggest summer party zones in europe.
idol appeared on vh1 storytellers and issued a wildly successful greatest hits cd in 2001.	idol appeared on vh1 storytellers and issued a successful greatest hits cd in 2001.
he turns yin evil because she'll only date him evil when she's evil.	he turns yin evil because she'll only date him when she's evil.
menino has also encountered criticism from civil liberties groups regarding various issues of free speech, including the heavy and repressive police presence during the 2004 democratic national convention, and his handling of the stop snitchin' controversy.	menino has also encountered criticism from civil liberties groups regarding various issues of free speech, including the heavy and disruptive police presence during the 2004 democratic national convention, and his handling of the stop snitchin' controversy.
from january 2009 onwards, as abbondanzieri returned to boca juniors, jacobo was reinstated as starter, first appearing on the 25th, in a 5-1 home success against sporting de gijn.	from january 2009 onwards, as abbondanzieri returned to boca juniors, jacobo was reinstated as starter, first appearing on the 25th, in a 5-1 home win against sporting de gijn.
the names of upper macedonian rulers are often non- greek (arrhabaios, sirrhas), and scholars such as eugene borza have used this to argue that the macedonians of upper macedonia retained many of the supposedly non-hellenic original macedonian names later lost among the macedonians to the south.	the names of upper macedonian rulers are often not apparently greek (arrhabaios, sirrhas), and scholars such as eugene borza have used this to argue that the macedonians of upper macedonia retained many of the supposedly non-hellenic original macedonian names later lost among the macedonians to the south.
these are more controversial because they involve destruction, vandalism, violence and/or injury.	these are more controversial because they involve destruction, vandalism, and/or injury.
"many argue that grouping disparate ideologies into one single idea of ""islamofascism"" may lead to an oversimplification of the causes of terrorism."	"some argue that grouping disparate ideologies into one single idea of ""islamofascism"" may lead to an oversimplification of the causes of terrorism."
march 15 - astronomers announce the discovery of 90377 sedna, a pluto-like planetoid which is considered the most distant individual object known to orbit the sun.	march 15 - astronomers announce the discovery of 90377 sedna, a pluto-like planetoid which is the most distant individual object known to orbit the sun.
the proposed gay nature of khnumhotep and niankhkhnum has been commented on the popular press, and the idea seems to (partially) stem from the depictions of the two men standing nose to nose and embracing.	the proposed homosexual nature of khnumhotep and niankhkhnum has been commented on the popular press, and the idea seems to (partially) stem from the depictions of the two men standing nose to nose and embracing.
cihan news agency wrote it was claimed that the snapshot was related to furkan dogan, who was been killed in the incident.	cihan news agency wrote it was claimed that the snapshot was related to furkan dogan, who was killed in the incident.
the 2010 deganga riots occurred at deganga in the district of 24 pargans(north),west bengal on 6 september 2010 when barbaric muslim mobs resorted to arson and violence against the local and hindu community.	the 2010 deganga riots occurred at deganga in the district of 24 pargans(north),west bengal on 6 september 2010 when muslim mobs resorted to arson and violence against the local and hindu community.
sim's pioneering use of an extended, multi-layered storytelling canvas, divided in large arcs divided in mostly self-contained issues, was acknowledged by j. michael straczynski as his inspiration for the structure of babylon 5.	sim's use of an extended, multi-layered storytelling canvas, divided in large arcs divided in mostly self-contained issues, was acknowledged by j. michael straczynski as his inspiration for the structure of babylon 5.
on december 6, 2013, gail collins was found dead by her landlord in the mexican village of ajijic, jalisco, an resort town with many american expatriate residents.	on december 6, 2013, collins was found dead by her landlord in the mexican village of ajijic, jalisco, an resort town with many american expatriate residents.
the international reaction to the 2008 kosovo declaration of independence follows kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence from serbia, enacted on 17 february 2008 by a vote of the kosovan parliament 109 in favour, 0 in opposition; all 11 representatives of the serb minority boycotted the proceedings.	the international reaction to the 2008 kosovo declaration of independence follows kosovo's declaration of independence from serbia, enacted on 17 february 2008 by a vote of the kosovan parliament 109 in favour, 0 in opposition; all 11 representatives of the serb minority boycotted the proceedings.
the temple got beautifully renovated (including the parivara daivas) in line with established customs and usages spelt out in shastras that came out in ashta mangala prashna under the leadership of g.shankar who is also the president of the renovation committee of the temple.	the temple got renovated (including the parivara daivas) in line with established customs and usages spelt out in shastras that came out in ashta mangala prashna under the leadership of g.shankar who is also the president of the renovation committee of the temple.
stations lost include powerful ones such as wabc in new york.	stations lost include ones such as wabc in new york.
the office of public affairs advises the director of the cia on all media, public policy, and employee communications issues relating to his role.	the office of public affairs advises the director of the cia on all media, public policy, and employee communications issues relating to this person's role.
artistic design, including character and monster design work, was handled by renowned japanese artist yoshitaka amano from final fantasy through final fantasy vi.	artistic design, including character and monster design work, was handled by japanese artist yoshitaka amano from final fantasy through final fantasy vi.
since then, around 200 noble maliks have been assassinated by local taliban through targeted killings.	since then, around 200 maliks have been assassinated by local taliban through targeted killings.
molly walker is a little girl whose parents were murdered cruelly by sylar.	molly walker is a little girl whose parents were murdered by sylar.
a gantt chart is a popular type of bar chart that illustrates a project schedule.	a gantt chart is a type of bar chart that illustrates a project schedule.
it is somewhat based on the pokmon video game series and a part of the pokmon franchise.	it is based on the pokmon video game series and a part of the pokmon franchise.
margareth menezes, pop singer	margareth menezes, singer
singer's position has been vigorously attacked by many different groups concerned with what they see as an attack upon human dignity, from advocates for disabled people to religious groups, including right-to-life supporters.	singer's position has been attacked by many different groups concerned with what they see as an attack upon human dignity, from advocates for disabled people to religious groups, including right-to-life supporters.
"although lgf has been characterized as ""ultraconservative"" and right wing , prior to 9/11 johnson sometimes expressed liberal political views and occasionally criticized united states president george w. bush."	"although lgf has been characterized as ""ultraconservative"" or even right wing , prior to 9/11 johnson sometimes expressed liberal political views and occasionally criticized united states president george w. bush."
just as clay buchholz's no-hitter was preserved by a spectacular play by rookie dustin pedroia, lester's was preserved by a diving catch by rookie center fielder jacoby ellsbury to end the fourth inning.	just as clay buchholz's no-hitter was preserved by a diving play by rookie dustin pedroia, lester's was preserved by a diving catch by rookie center fielder jacoby ellsbury to end the fourth inning.
recent biographers such as tom segev and guy walters have noted that wiesenthal frequently lied about his own background and exploits.	recent biographers such as tom segev and guy walters have argued that wiesenthal frequently lied about his own background and exploits.
the toco toucan (ramphastos toco) is the largest and arguably best known species in the toucan family.	the toco toucan (ramphastos toco) is the largest and considered best known species in the toucan family.
the comedy website something awful (also known as s.a.) and a portion of the furry community have traditionally held a long-standing hatred of one another, mainly due to the perversity of furry sexuality.	the comedy website something awful (also known as s.a.) and a portion of the furry community have traditionally held a long-standing hatred of one another, mainly due to most s.a. members' perceived perversity of furry sexuality.
"in the midst of the tension, a novel protest was started by four young women, self-styled ""pub-going, loose, forward women"" called the ""pink chaddi"" campaign, where they urged a peaceful protest (described as gandhian in the press"	"in the midst of the tension, a protest was started by four young women, self-styled ""pub-going, loose, forward women"" called the ""pink chaddi"" campaign, where they urged a peaceful protest (described as gandhian in the press"
intuit crippled quickbooks 2003 in april, 2006, in these areas: bill pay; credit card download; do-it-yourself payroll; employee organizer; merchant service; online banking; online billing; support plans and services.	intuit disabled functionality of quickbooks 2003 in april, 2006, in these areas: bill pay; credit card download; do-it-yourself payroll; employee organizer; merchant service; online banking; online billing; support plans and services.
disposable diapers contain chemicals banned in the 80's in womens tampons, but continue to be used today to improve absorbancy in our children's diapers.	disposable diapers contain chemicals banned in the 80's in womens tampons, but continue to be used today to improve absorbancy in children's diapers.
halah bint khuwaylid was the sister of khadijah bint khuwaylid, the first wife of the islamic prophet muhammad.	halah bint khuwaylid was the sister of khadijah bint khuwaylid, the first wife of the islamic lawmaker muhammad.
new coke was the unofficial name of the sweeter drink introduced in 1985 by the coca-cola company to replace its flagship cola , coca-cola or coke.	new coke was the unofficial name of the sweeter drink introduced in 1985 by the coca-cola company to replace its flagship product , coca-cola or coke.
in 1974. though bolton supported the vietnam war, he timidly enlisted in the national guard and did not serve in vietnam.	in 1974. though bolton supported the vietnam war, he enlisted in the national guard and did not serve in vietnam.
"according to a bbc review of his 2012 album songs, the record was a muddled attempt by rusko to realign his music with a ""jamaican inheritance"" and distance it from the ""belching, aggressive, resolutely macho"" dubstep produced by his imitators ."	"according to a bbc review of his 2012 album songs, the record was a muddled attempt by rusko to realign his music with a ""jamaican inheritance"" and distance it from the ""belching, aggressive, resolutely macho"" dubstep produced by his contemporaries ."
also known as burma or the union of burma by bodies and states which do not recognize the illegal ruling military junta, it is bordered by tibet and the people's republic of china on the north, laos on the east, thailand on the southeast, bangladesh on the west, and india on the northwest, with the andaman sea to the south, and the bay of bengal to the southwest.	also known as burma or the union of burma by bodies and states which do not recognize the ruling military junta, it is bordered by tibet and the people's republic of china on the north, laos on the east, thailand on the southeast, bangladesh on the west, and india on the northwest, with the andaman sea to the south, and the bay of bengal to the southwest.
although government policies supporting large military and internal security forces and allocating resources to key supporters of the regime have hurt the economy, implementation of the united nations' oil-for-food programme in december 1996 has helped improve conditions for the average iraqi citizen.	although government policies supporting large military and internal security forces and allocating resources to key supporters of the ba`ath party government have hurt the economy, implementation of the united nations' oil-for-food programme in december 1996 has helped improve conditions for the average iraqi citizen.
"however, the education of little tree has also been the subject of arguement after the publication of an article on october 4, 1991 by dan t. carter (a history professor and distant cousin of asa carter) called ""the transformation of a klansman"" in the new york times."	"however, the education of little tree has also been the subject of controversy after the publication of an article on october 4, 1991 by dan t. carter (a history professor and distant cousin of asa carter) called ""the transformation of a klansman"" in the new york times."
it has hosted many successful international conferences and seminars.	it has hosted many international conferences and seminars.
robby the robot is a popular fictional character who has made a number of appearances in science fiction movies and television programs from 1956 onward.	robby the robot is a fictional character who has made a number of appearances in science fiction movies and television programs from 1956 onward.
bass brothers is the professional name for the team of mark and jeff bass, the detroit producers responsible for grooming megastar eminem in his early days and collaborating on much of his subsequent music.	bass brothers is the professional name for the team of mark and jeff bass, the detroit producers responsible for grooming eminem in his early days and collaborating on much of his subsequent music.
the assault on reason (isbn 1594201226) is a book to be published on may 22, 2007 written by former vice president al gore about the trend in u.s. politics towards ignoring facts and analyses when making policy decisions.	the assault on reason (isbn 1594201226) is a book to be published on may 22, 2007 written by former vice president al gore about a supposed trend in u.s. politics towards ignoring facts and analyses when making policy decisions.
in 1953, the nehru government bowed to intense pressure from the northern telugu-speaking districts of madras state, and allowed them to vote to create india's first linguistic state.	in 1953, the nehru government yielded to intense pressure from the northern telugu-speaking districts of madras state, and allowed them to vote to create india's first linguistic state.
this is believed to be the only instance of a convicted traitor being featured in a state capitol.	this is believed to be the only instance of a convicted of treason being featured in a state capitol.
william patton and the grandson of patriot robert patton.	william patton and the grandson of robert patton.
"he is a long-term optimist and is quick to point out positive developments, which is clearly typified in his book dow 36,000. in this book, published near the peak of the late 1990s stock market bubble, glassman infamously declared that the dow jones industrial average was undervalued and would rise to 36,000. in its introduction, glassman and his co-author wrote that the book ""will convince you of the single most important fact about stocks at the dawn of the twenty-first century: they are cheap....if you are worried about missing the market's big move upward, you will discover that it is not too late."	"he is a long-term optimist and is quick to point out positive developments, which is clearly typified in his book dow 36,000. in this book, published near the peak of the late 1990s stock market bubble, glassman declared that the dow jones industrial average was undervalued and would rise to 36,000. in its introduction, glassman and his co-author wrote that the book ""will convince you of the single most important fact about stocks at the dawn of the twenty-first century: they are cheap....if you are worried about missing the market's big move upward, you will discover that it is not too late."
notable progressive influences in the recent internal transformations of the lcms include the official lcms ablaze!	notable influences in the recent internal transformations of the lcms include the official lcms ablaze!
in late january 2010 he wrote a powerful critique of aid efforts following the 2010 haiti earthquake.	in late january 2010 he wrote a critique of aid efforts following the 2010 haiti earthquake.
the most notable event during the season between the two occurred during the portuguese grand prix, where senna tried to block prost from taking the lead by forcing the frenchman to run close to the pitwall; prost managed to edge senna outwards, taking the lead as they went into the first corner but he remained angered by the brazilian's dangerous manoeuvre.	the most notable event during the season between the two occurred during the portuguese grand prix, where senna tried to block prost from taking the lead by forcing the frenchman to run close to the pitwall; prost managed to edge senna outwards, taking the lead as they went into the first corner but he remained angered by the brazilian's manoeuvre.
unfortunately this section of the former midland railway's main line to manchester was closed to passengers in 1968 as a consequence of the beeching cuts and the recent electrification of the west coast route from london euston to manchester.	this section of the former midland railway's main line to manchester was closed to passengers in 1968 as a consequence of the beeching cuts and the recent electrification of the west coast route from london euston to manchester.
originally, druids were very limited in their choice of weapons and armor (not able to wear any metal armor, and only permitted a few weapons, though that did include the excellent scimitar and crossbow), and were of true neutral alignment, but were able to cast spells more times per day than the magic-user and at a faster speed than clerics; they also had access to both healing and attack spells (albeit at different levels).	originally, druids were very limited in their choice of weapons and armor (not able to wear any metal armor, and only permitted a few weapons, though that did include the scimitar and crossbow), and were of true neutral alignment, but were able to cast spells more times per day than the magic-user and at a faster speed than clerics; they also had access to both healing and attack spells (albeit at different levels).
it is one of the features which set us apart from animals, and as such, civilization can not exist without it.	it is one of the features that set us apart from animals, and as such, civilization can not exist without it.
the city also has a great football team that has won districts 4 years in a row and won regionals 2 years.	the city also has a successful football team that has won districts 4 years in a row and won regionals 2 years.
he was the first player to be sent off at uefa euro 2008, after being shown a soft red card in the 92nd minute of germany's match with croatia.	he was the first player to be sent off at uefa euro 2008, after being shown a red card in the 92nd minute of germany's match with croatia.
only one series of short cuts was filmed, and it comprised of 26 episodes.	one series of short cuts was filmed, and it comprised of 26 episodes.
windows me was heavily criticized by many users, mainly for stability issues.	windows me was heavily criticized by some users, mainly for stability issues.
kamal sidhu (born february 24, 1971) is a popular model, vj and actor in india.	kamal sidhu (born february 24, 1971) is a model, vj and actor in india.
girvan is a beautiful burgh in south ayrshire, scotland, with a population of about 8000 people.	girvan is a burgh in south ayrshire, scotland, with a population of about 8000 people.
many people considered the 38th parliament to be particularly unstable.	some people considered the 38th parliament to be particularly unstable.
"starting with an article in the magazine middle east quarterly , karsh states that the new historians ""systematically distort the archival evidence to invent an israeli history in an image of their own making""."	"starting with an article in the magazine middle east quarterly , karsh alleged that the new historians ""systematically distort the archival evidence to invent an israeli history in an image of their own making""."
on his passing in 1985, frank scott was interred in mount royal cemetery in montreal.	on his death in 1985, frank scott was interred in mount royal cemetery in montreal.
various members of the bush administration, such as former defense secretary donald rumsfeld, cancer-ridden former press secretary tony snow, current press secretary dana perino, vice president dick cheney, secretary of state condoleezza rice, and president george w. bush himself.	various members of the bush administration, such as former defense secretary donald rumsfeld, former press secretary tony snow, current press secretary dana perino, vice president dick cheney, secretary of state condoleezza rice, and president george w. bush himself.
bfg technologies is a privately held u.s. based supplier of premium 3d video cards based on award-winning nvidia graphics technology.	bfg technologies is a privately held u.s. based supplier of premium 3d video cards based on nvidia graphics technology.
only recently has the correct order been restored, and even now the practice is not universal.	only recently has the original order been restored, and even now the practice is not universal.
"mason locke weems (october 11, 1756 - may 23, 1825), generally known as parson weems, was an american printer and author known as the source of some of the best-known fictional stories about george washington, ""the father of his country,"" including the famous tale of the cherry tree."	"mason locke weems (october 11, 1756 - may 23, 1825), generally known as parson weems, was an american printer and author known as the source of some of the best-known stories about george washington, ""the father of his country,"" including the famous tale of the cherry tree."
the concluding game was a heartbreaker for the tigers, as bobo newsom was called on to start on only one days rest.	the concluding game was a loss for the tigers, as bobo newsom was called on to start on only one days rest.
"grdinari is a slavic-origin word meaning ""gardeners"" in romanian and serbian ."	"grdinari is a slavic-origin word meaning ""gardeners"" in romanian and some slavic languages ."
the recent arrest of russia's wealthiest businessman mikhail khodorkovsky on charges of fraud and corruption in relation to the large-scale privatizations organised under then-president yeltsin has caused many foreign investors to worry about the stability of the russian economy.	the recent arrest of russia's most successful businessman mikhail khodorkovsky on charges of fraud and corruption in relation to the large-scale privatizations organised under then-president yeltsin has caused many foreign investors to worry about the stability of the russian economy.
vastly outnumbered, the greeks held back the enemy in one of history's most famous last stands.	vastly outnumbered, the greeks held back the persians in one of history's most famous last stands.
agrippina was born as the second daughter and fourth child to roman statesman and augustus trusted ally marcus vipsanius agrippa and julia the elder.	agrippina was born as the second daughter and fourth child to roman statesman and augustus ally marcus vipsanius agrippa and julia the elder.
me and my friend is an irish television sitcom that aired on rt television for one series from 1967 to 1968. starring actresses and comediennes maureen potter and rosaleen linehan, it was rt's first home-grown sitcom.	me and my friend is an irish television sitcom that aired on rt television for one series from 1967 to 1968. starring actresses and comedians maureen potter and rosaleen linehan, it was rt's first home-grown sitcom.
"african-american actress/ comedienne lawanda page (best known as aunt esther on the television series sanford and son) was featured in spoken word clips on several album tracks, though she is heard most notably on the hit single ""supermodel (you better work)""."	"african-american actress/ comedian lawanda page (best known as aunt esther on the television series sanford and son) was featured in spoken word clips on several album tracks, though she is heard most notably on the hit single ""supermodel (you better work)""."
on june 25, after realising that help from the bulgarian army would not be coming soon, the rebels moved out from the liberated towns.	on june 25, after realising that help from the bulgarian army would not be coming soon, the rebels moved out from the towns.
in addition to a guerilla-style ground conflict within chechnya, many terrorist attacks have happened which are attributed to chechen terrorists by the russian government.	in addition to a guerilla-style ground conflict within chechnya, many terrorist attacks have happened which are attributed to chechen rebels by the russian government.
"following the so called ""great commission"", said to have been issued by the resurrected jesus, the missionary activity of the apostles (the twelve, the seventy apostles, paul of tarsus, and others), spread christianity to cities throughout the hellenistic world, such as alexandria and antioch, and also to rome and even beyond the roman empire."	"following the so called ""great commission"", said to have been issued by the resurrected jesus, the missionary activity of the apostles (the twelve, the seventy , paul of tarsus, and others), spread christianity to cities throughout the hellenistic world, such as alexandria and antioch, and also to rome and even beyond the roman empire."
the other books focus on the statistical theory of survey sampling and require some knowledge of basic statistics, as discussed in the following leading textbooks:	the other books focus on the statistical theory of survey sampling and require some knowledge of basic statistics, as discussed in the following textbooks:
blum's wife, senator dianne feinstein, has received scrutiny due to husband richard blum's government contracts and alleged extensive business dealings with china and her past votes on trade issues with the country.	blum's wife, senator dianne feinstein, has received scrutiny due to husband richard blum's government contracts and extensive business dealings with china and her past votes on trade issues with the country.
another obsolete theory on the origin of the albanians is that they descend from the pelasgians, a generic term used by classical authors to denote the autochthonous inhabitants of modern greece who predated the hellenes.	another non mainstream theory on the origin of the albanians is that they descend from the pelasgians, a generic term used by classical authors to denote the autochthonous inhabitants of modern greece who predated the hellenes.
beyond words or comprehension, xoriat is aptly called the realm of madness.	beyond words or comprehension, xoriat is called the realm of madness.
this book, which offers fascinating descriptions on mining techniques, personal interactions, transportation, crime, holidays, hotels and restaurants, entertainment of the social life of the era and the growth of california.	this book, which offers descriptions on mining techniques, personal interactions, transportation, crime, holidays, hotels and restaurants, entertainment of the social life of the era and the growth of california.
skeptics believe that the evidence presented for its existence is unverified or not sufficiently verified for scientific acceptance.	skeptics say that the evidence presented for its existence is unverified or not sufficiently verified for scientific acceptance.
the harry potter books are a cool series of fantasy novels by english writer j. k. rowling.	the harry potter books are a series of fantasy novels by english writer j. k. rowling.
others have criticized the anthem for its political use by supporters of illegal immigration .	others have criticized the anthem for its political use by supporters of illegal immigrants .
fils-aim served as managing director and oversaw raleigh u.k., derby's british operations just six months in 1999.	fils-aim served as managing director and oversaw raleigh u.k., derby's british operations for six months in 1999.
its runtime is only 69 minutes.	its runtime is 69 minutes.
notable releases include kameo: elements of power, perfect dark zero and viva piata.	their releases include kameo: elements of power, perfect dark zero and viva piata.
the third-largest university in the state, the university of central oklahoma, is located just north of the city in the suburb of edmond, as is oklahoma christian university, one of the state's premier private liberal arts institutions.	the third-largest university in the state, the university of central oklahoma, is located just north of the city in the suburb of edmond, as is oklahoma christian university, one of the state's private liberal arts institutions.
classical arabic is often believed to be the parent language of all the spoken varieties of arabic, but clive holes (2004) effectively refutes this, showing that other dialects extant at the time are the origin of current spoken varieties.	classical arabic is often believed to be the parent language of all the spoken varieties of arabic, but clive holes (2004) refutes this, showing that other dialects extant at the time are the origin of current spoken varieties.
many of these doctrines were rejected as heresies by the ecumenical councils of christianity, and some modern variants (for example, mormonism and the jehovah's witnesses) are at times wrongly excluded from the umbrella of christianity, particularly by evangelicals.	many of these doctrines were rejected as heresies by the ecumenical councils of christianity, and some modern variants (for example, mormonism and the jehovah's witnesses) are at times excluded from the umbrella of christianity, particularly by evangelicals.
other isps are trying to force costs onto consumers by moving to usage-based pricing models.	other isps are trying to shift costs onto consumers by moving to usage-based pricing models.
service set identifier, or ssid, is a friendly name that identifies a particular 802.11 wireless lan.	service set identifier, or ssid, is a name that identifies a particular 802.11 wireless lan.
he ran for president of the united states in 1844, and during the campaign, his part in the nauvoo city council's decision to suppress a scandalous local newspaper led to his assassination by a mob of non-mormons.	he ran for president of the united states in 1844, and during the campaign, his part in the nauvoo city council's decision to suppress a local newspaper led to his assassination by a mob of non-mormons.
muchhal also performs as a playback singer for bollywood films, she has rendered her voice in notable hindi films such as ek tha tiger (2012), aashiqui 2 (2013), kick (2014) and action jackson (2014) prem ratan dhan payo (2015).	muchhal also performs as a playback singer for bollywood films, she has rendered her voice in hindi films such as ek tha tiger (2012), aashiqui 2 (2013), kick (2014) and action jackson (2014) prem ratan dhan payo (2015).
it bottles and distribute soft drinks, non-carbonated beverages, energy drinks, and candy.	it bottles and distributes soft drinks, non-carbonated beverages, energy drinks, and candy.
it is a good way for the bride and groom to have face time with their guests.	it is a way for the bride and groom to have face time with their guests.
this number reflects the peak instantaneous eib bandwidth blithely scaled by processor frequency .	this number reflects the peak instantaneous eib bandwidth scaled by processor frequency .
in response, castro organized a disastrous armed attack on the moncada barracks in oriente province on july 26, 1953. over eighty of the attackers were killed, and castro was taken prisoner, tried, and sentenced to fifteen years in prison.	in response, castro organized a armed attack on the moncada barracks in oriente province on july 26, 1953. over eighty of the attackers were killed, and castro was taken prisoner, tried, and sentenced to fifteen years in prison.
"while there are disputed issues between the two nations, relations are close and the two countries famously share the ""world's longest undefended border."""	"while there are disputed issues between the two nations, relations are close and the two countries share the ""world's longest undefended border."""
eric james mccormack (born april 18, 1963) is a canadian-american actor best known for his role as will truman in the american sitcom will & grace.	eric james mccormack (born april 18, 1963) is a canadian-american actor known for his role as will truman in the american sitcom will & grace.
he subsequently tested the empirical bases of the legal assumptions underlying that law in a pioneering socio-legal research study funded by asia foundation (1984) that he conducted in a rural area (san fernando, la union) and an urban area (quezon city).	he subsequently tested the empirical bases of the legal assumptions underlying that law in a socio-legal research study funded by asia foundation (1984) that he conducted in a rural area (san fernando, la union) and an urban area (quezon city).
it has several good restaurants, cafes, pubs and takeaways.	it has several restaurants, cafes, pubs and takeaways.
fr.crce is an un-aided, non-minority, non-autonomous institute accredited by all india council for technical education(aicte) and affiliated to the university of mumbai, which offers a four year baccalaureate course culminating in the bachelor of engineering degree conferred by the university.	fr.crce is an un-aided, non-minority, non-autonomous institute accredited by all india council for technical education(aicte) and affiliated to the university of mumbai, which offers a four year course culminating in the bachelor of engineering degree conferred by the university.
originally described by alfred marshall in his groundbreaking textbook principles of economics, the supply and demand model is used by economists to explain a range of economic circumstances, including the rise and fall of prices, and the occurrence of shortages and surpluses of consumer goods.	originally described by alfred marshall in his influential textbook principles of economics, the supply and demand model is used by economists to explain a range of economic circumstances, including the rise and fall of prices, and the occurrence of shortages and surpluses of consumer goods.
he was subsequently himself murdered in prison by two fellow inmates in 1993. the crown prosecution service sadly declined to prosecute cooke for mark tildesley's murder as he was already in prison for the manslaughter of jason swift.	he was subsequently himself murdered in prison by two fellow inmates in 1993. the crown prosecution service declined to prosecute cooke for mark tildesley's murder as he was already in prison for the manslaughter of jason swift.
grabar-kitarovi is a devout roman catholic and declares her adherence to traditional christian values.	grabar-kitarovi claims to be a devout roman catholic and declares her adherence to traditional christian values.
it also broadcasts several college courses offered by its previous owner, coast community college district.	it also broadcasts several college courses offered by its owner, coast community college district.
maybe looking to the histories of some of the shapes and symbols might lead to knowledge of something else.	that by looking to the histories of some of the shapes and symbols might lead to knowledge of something else.
to respect the king 's passing , there was little fanfare around massey's appointment; lord alexander quietly departed canada shortly after the announcement of massey as his successor, leaving chief justice thibaudeau rinfret as administrator of the government in his place.	to respect the king 's death , there was little fanfare around massey's appointment; lord alexander quietly departed canada shortly after the announcement of massey as his successor, leaving chief justice thibaudeau rinfret as administrator of the government in his place.
panzerkorps, the fbb saw action against the elite us army 101st airborne division at bastogne.	panzerkorps, the fbb saw action against the us army 101st airborne division at bastogne.
fighting antisemitism in the russian state duma	statement of ucsj on alleged antisemitism in the russian state duma
with the escalation of the vietnam war and with the increased united states involvement, the role of the arvn became more significant but was wrongly seen by the media in the west as insignificant.	with the escalation of the vietnam war and with the increased united states involvement, the role of the arvn became more significant but was seen by the media in the west as insignificant.
the ottomans annexed the area in 1614 and forcibly islamicized its people in over the following 260 years.	the ottomans annexed the area in 1614 and islamicized its people in over the following 260 years.
"the mozilla corporation aims to work towards the mozilla foundation's public benefit to ""promote choice and innovation on the internet."""	"the mozilla corporation 's stated aim is to work towards the mozilla foundation's public benefit to ""promote choice and innovation on the internet."""
sandy weill (born march 16 1933) is a disgraced former banker and financier, formerly chief executive officer and chairman of citigroup.	sandy weill (born march 16 1933) is a former banker and financier, formerly chief executive officer and chairman of citigroup.
this position entails involvement with members of the provisional ira to assist in finding the bodies of the disappeared who were murdered by the provisional ira during the troubles.	this position entails involvement with members of the provisional ira to assist in finding the bodies of the disappeared who were killed by the provisional ira during the troubles.
jazz great artie shaw dies at home in los angeles, usa aged 94.	jazz artist artie shaw dies at home in los angeles, usa aged 94.
"on the left, linguist, author and activist noam chomsky considers rand: ""one of the most evil figures of modern intellectual history."""	"on the left, linguist, philosopher and activist noam chomsky considers rand: ""one of the most evil figures of modern intellectual history."""
the concept of post-materialism is a useful tool in developing an understanding of modern culture.	the concept of post-materialism is a tool in developing an understanding of modern culture.
was a ruthless spanish conquistador and governor-captain of santa marta, who despite his prolonged military nomadism throughout the american geography (from mexico to peru, including central america), and his important conquering and peacekeeping ideas, can be considered one of the most active soldiers who served in the sixteenth-century spanish process of conquest.	was a spanish conquistador and governor-captain of santa marta, who despite his prolonged military nomadism throughout the american geography (from mexico to peru, including central america), and his important conquering and peacekeeping ideas, can be considered one of the most active soldiers who served in the sixteenth-century spanish process of conquest.
for 160 years wirt's account was taken at face value, but in the 1970s liberal historians began to question the authenticity of wirt's reconstruction.	for 160 years wirt's account was taken at face value, but in the 1970s historians began to question the authenticity of wirt's reconstruction.
alleged orders issued at the scene	orders issued at the scene
note: prior cfd consensus can be found here:	note: prior cfd discussions can be found here:
ninja bettina elisabeth sarasalo (born may 8 1983 in helsinki) is a finnish supermodel and singer.	ninja bettina elisabeth sarasalo (born may 8 1983 in helsinki) is a finnish model and singer.
most recently he is known for his dramatic muscle gain and unusual facial change.	most recently he is known for his dramatic muscle gain and facial change.
other quarterbacks in that year's draft included current nfl quarterbacks brian griese, charlie batch, and matt hasselbeck.	other quarterbacks in that year's draft included future nfl quarterbacks brian griese, charlie batch, and matt hasselbeck.
"the economist magazine praised him as ""the most influential economist of the second half of the 20th centurypossibly of all of it""."	"the economist magazine described him as ""the most influential economist of the second half of the 20th centurypossibly of all of it""."
in 1978, lead the controversial sadf air assault on cassinga, and has continued to the present day to contest opposing versions of the event in the press.	in 1978, lead the sadf air assault on cassinga, and has continued to the present day to contest opposing versions of the event in the press.
his narrative productions, apart from the renowned pepe carvalho series, includes galndez (1991), winner of the national narrative award; el estrangulador (the strangler) (1994) and erec y enide (erec and enide) (2002).	his narrative productions, apart from the pepe carvalho series, includes galndez (1991), winner of the national narrative award; el estrangulador (the strangler) (1994) and erec y enide (erec and enide) (2002).
on april 17, 2010, mousasi lost the strikeforce light heavyweight championship belt in only his first defence to muhammed lawal by way of unanimous judge's decision.	on april 17, 2010, mousasi lost the strikeforce light heavyweight championship belt in his first defence to muhammed lawal by way of unanimous judge's decision.
this original design bore a striking, but entirely coincidental, resemblance to entertainers in blackface.	this original design bore a striking, but possibly coincidental, resemblance to entertainers in blackface.
"due to its somewhat concealed, but very potent nature, this phenomenon is described by some experts as ""banal imperialism."""	"due to its somewhat concealed, but very potent nature, this hypothetical idea is described by some experts as ""banal imperialism."""
evans' weekly broadcasts spanned from its inception in 1929 until his death in 1971. his voice was familiar to latter-day saints everywhere as the narrator of various church productions, most notably the lds film classic , man's search for happiness.	evans' weekly broadcasts spanned from its inception in 1929 until his death in 1971. his voice was familiar to latter-day saints everywhere as the narrator of various church productions, most notably the lds film , man's search for happiness .
after being long out of print and unavailable save for television broadcasts, sparkle was belatedly released on dvd in 2007. an abbreviated edition of the accompanying aretha franklin album was included on a bonus disc.	after being long out of print and unavailable save for television broadcasts, sparkle was released on dvd in 2007. an abbreviated edition of the accompanying aretha franklin album was included on a bonus disc.
joe madureira and jeff matsuda helped jason rubin's extraordinary comic vision come to life by providing character designs for iron and the maiden, a four issue mini-series portraying an alternate-universe 1930s metropolis.	joe madureira and jeff matsuda helped jason rubin's comic vision come to life by providing character designs for iron and the maiden, a four issue mini-series portraying an alternate-universe 1930s metropolis.
pace law school also participates in the prestigious trial advocacy competitions sponsored by the american association for justice (aaj) formerly (atla) and the national trial competition (ntc).	pace law school also participates in the trial advocacy competitions sponsored by the american association for justice (aaj) formerly (atla) and the national trial competition (ntc).
mnard became the focus of significant controversy after an interview with france culture, in which in response to a question about the case of the kidnapped journalist daniel pearl, he stated that the use of torture could be justified in some circumstances.	mnard became the focus of significant controversy after an interview with france culture, in which in response to a question about the case of the kidnapped journalist daniel pearl, he made a statement which some have interpreted as saying that the use of torture could be justified in some circumstances.
at the time of his well-earned retirement he held the rank of lieutenant-general.	at the time of his retirement he held the rank of lieutenant-general.
aline khalaf (arabic: ) is a famous lebanese singer.	aline khalaf (arabic: ) is a lebanese singer.
ricardo vies (5 february 1875 – 29 april 1943) was a famous spanish pianist.	ricardo vies (5 february 1875 – 29 april 1943) was a spanish pianist.
bedouin women make beautiful rugs and blankets from the wool.	bedouin women make rugs and blankets from the wool.
cecilia cheung is a b-list hong kong actress and cantopop singer.	cecilia cheung is a hong kong actress and cantopop singer.
aruna asaf ali (bengali: ) (16 july 1909 - 29 july 1996) (born aruna ganguli), was an indian freedom fighter .	aruna asaf ali (bengali: ) (16 july 1909 - 29 july 1996) (born aruna ganguli), was an indian independence fighter.
upon its release, it received rave reviews from critics and was a finalist for the 2003 mercury music prize.	upon its release, it received postitive reviews from critics and was a finalist for the 2003 mercury music prize.
while in new york, they produced their enormously successful pirates of penzance.	while in new york, they produced their successful pirates of penzance.
shifty an aerial trick in which a snowboarder twists their body, rotating his/her board 90 and then returning it to its original position before landing.	shifty an aerial trick in which a snowboarder twists their body, rotating their board 90 and then returning it to its original position before landing.
the rolling stones rock and roll circus is the fifth release of rolling stones music by former manager allen klein's abkco records (who usurped control of the band's decca/london material in 1970) after the band's departure from decca and klein.	the rolling stones rock and roll circus is the fifth release of rolling stones music by former manager allen klein's abkco records (who gained control of the band's decca/london material in 1970) after the band's departure from decca and klein.
"in that capacity, he skillfully managed britain's foreign affairs, famously pursuing a policy of ""splendid isolation""."	"in that capacity, he managed britain's foreign affairs, famously pursuing a policy of ""splendid isolation""."
"one controversial hypothesis of this nature has been popularized in the books of dr. john e. sarno, as a hypothetical condition to which dr. sarno has given the name of ""tension myositis syndrome""."	"one hypothesis of this nature has been popularized in the books of dr. john e. sarno, as a hypothetical condition to which dr. sarno has given the name of ""tension myositis syndrome""."
one is a best-selling biography of legendary scottish football manager jock stein and the other is a book called flower of scotland?	one is a best-selling biography of scottish football manager jock stein and the other is a book called flower of scotland?
he remarried in 1897, in a ceremony at the governor's mansion in atlanta, to helen dortch, age 34. although longstreet's children reacted poorly to the marriage, helen became a devoted wife and avid supporter of his legacy after his passing .	he remarried in 1897, in a ceremony at the governor's mansion in atlanta, to helen dortch, age 34. although longstreet's children reacted poorly to the marriage, helen became a devoted wife and avid supporter of his legacy after his death .
hard rock hallelujah is a rock anthem with sophisticated lyrics.	hard rock hallelujah is a rock anthem with lyrics.
it also contains a superb collection of houses and mansions in the spanish colonial and mediterranean styles.	it also contains a collection of houses and mansions in the spanish colonial and mediterranean styles.
some 120,000 serbs were forced to emigrate to serbia by the yugoslav communists after they had opted for serbian citizenship in 1944. the population of serbs in macedonia which did not lend itself to tito's macedonianization, representing compact populations in the region of skopska crna gora and having significant presence in kumanovo, skoplje, tetovo, and surroundings, was artificially separated from yugoslav serbia.	some 120,000 serbs were forced to emigrate to serbia by the yugoslav communists after they had opted for serbian citizenship in 1944. the population of serbs in macedonia which did not lend itself to tito's macedonianization, representing compact populations in the region of skopska crna gora and having significant presence in kumanovo, skoplje, tetovo, and surroundings, was separated from yugoslav serbia.
in northwest baltimore city, garrison junior high schools student body declined from 2,504 whites and 12 blacks to 297 whites and 1,263 blacks in that period.	in northwest baltimore city, garrison junior high schools student body shifted from 2,504 whites and 12 blacks to 297 whites and 1,263 blacks in that period.
however, google has claimed they will not insert advertising.	however, google has stated they will not insert advertising.
there continues to be scattered and possibly mounting efforts on the part of religious fundamentalists throughout europe to introduce creationism into public education.	there continues to be scattered and possibly mounting efforts on the part of religious groups throughout europe to introduce creationism into public education.
after his passing , there was a funeral held on saturday june 12, 1993 at druid hills united methodist church.	after his death , there was a funeral held on saturday june 12, 1993 at druid hills united methodist church.
"kak has also published a volume of poetry, the secrets of ishbar, in 1996. politically, he takes a staunchly jingoist stance, endorsing indian ""nuclear deterrance"" against china, denouncing ""socialist ideas"" in the indian constitution, the ""soviet-style ideas of the congress party"" and ""terrorists from across the pakistani border""."	"kak has also published a volume of poetry, the secrets of ishbar, in 1996. politically, he takes a staunchly patriotic stance, endorsing indian ""nuclear deterrance"" against china, denouncing ""socialist ideas"" in the indian constitution, the ""soviet-style ideas of the congress party"" and ""terrorists from across the pakistani border""."
it is situated in the very centre of oxford, lying on turl street next to exeter and backing onto brasenose.	it is situated in the centre of oxford, lying on turl street next to exeter and backing onto brasenose.
"although the editors of the journal of orthomolecular medicine compare jom favorably with and as similar to medical hypotheses, which is indexed, jom is classified as a ""non-recommended periodical"" by the controversial alternative medicine watch website, quackwatch.org."	"although the editors of the journal of orthomolecular medicine compare jom favorably with and as similar to medical hypotheses, which is indexed, jom is classified as a ""non-recommended periodical"" by the alternative medicine watch website, quackwatch.org."
"the name, which occurs in greece, italy, and provence, is of greek origin; kalonymos (k) stands for ""good name"" in greek and wolf correctly pointed that it is a translation of the hebrew ""shem-tob""; zunz, that it represented the latin ""cleonymus""."	"the name, which occurs in greece, italy, and provence, is of greek origin; kalonymos (k) stands for ""good name"" in greek and wolf pointed that it is a translation of the hebrew ""shem-tob""; zunz, that it represented the latin ""cleonymus""."
in the second half of the 19th century, the city was a centre of the dalmatian cultural and national revival in dalmatia.	in the second half of the 19th century, the city was a centre of the italian cultural and national revival in dalmatia.
throughout 1919, ukraine experienced chaos as the armies of the ukrainian republic, the bolsheviks, the whites, the foreign powers of the entente, and poland, as well as anarchist bands such as that of nestor makhno tried to prevail.	throughout 1919, ukraine experienced chaos as the armies of the ukrainian republic, the bolsheviks, the whites, the foreign powers of the entente, and poland, as well as anarchist forces such as that of nestor makhno tried to prevail.
the best known of these ethnic programs is the polka express, whose on-air tenure spans that of 1380-am's current incarnation with two different hostsfirst with jimmy bryda from 1969 until his passing in 2003, and with tom borowicz from 2003 to the present.	the best known of these ethnic programs is the polka express, whose on-air tenure spans that of 1380-am's current incarnation with two different hostsfirst with jimmy bryda from 1969 until his death in 2003, and with tom borowicz from 2003 to the present.
"the family has been at the center of many tragedies , contributing to the idea of the ""kennedy curse""."	"the family has been at the center of many deaths , contributing to the idea of the ""kennedy curse""."
ofek-9, also known as ofeq 9, is part of the ofeq family of spy satellites designed and built by israel aerospace industries (iai) for the israeli ministry of defense.	ofek-9, also known as ofeq 9, is part of the ofeq family of earth observation satellites designed and built by israel aerospace industries (iai) for the israeli ministry of defense.
he was elected president of the national tuberculosis association at the eleventh annual meeting held in seattle, washington, in june, 1915. but his tragic death on april 2, 1916 prevented his serving his full term.	he was elected president of the national tuberculosis association at the eleventh annual meeting held in seattle, washington, in june, 1915. but his death on april 2, 1916 prevented his serving his full term.
the video features bizarre puppets by the british television show spitting image.	the video features caricature puppets by the british television show spitting image.
unfortunately to make use of sni practical, it is necessary that the vast majority of users use web browsers that support it.	to make use of sni practical, it is necessary that the vast majority of users use web browsers that support it.
the baseball great rudy york (1913 70) holds the major league record for the most home runs hit in the month of august.	the baseball player rudy york (1913 70) holds the major league record for the most home runs hit in the month of august.
a balut is a fertilized duck embryo that is boiled alive and eaten in the shell.	a balut is a fertilized duck embryo that is boiled and eaten in the shell.
singkl (or sayaw sa kasingkil) is a famous dance of the maranao people of lake lanao based on the indian epic of ramayana, which was popularised by the bayanihan philippine national folk dance company.	singkl (or sayaw sa kasingkil) is a folk dance of the maranao people of lake lanao based on the indian epic of ramayana, which was popularised by the bayanihan philippine national folk dance company.
hylda baker (19051986) actress, comedienne and music hall star born in farnworth.	hylda baker (19051986) actress, comedian and music hall star born in farnworth.
like the other games in the series, dkliii served as the portable counterpart to the ground-breaking snes game donkey kong country 3: dixie kong's double trouble.	like the other games in the series, dkliii served as the portable counterpart to the snes game donkey kong country 3: dixie kong's double trouble.
superior states were wyoming, nevada, and south dakota.	"more ""friendly"" states were wyoming, nevada, and south dakota."
toby daniel moorsom young (born 1963) is a high-flying british journalist, author of how to lose friends and alienate people, the tale of his disastrous five-year attempt to make it in the u.s. as a contributing editor at conde nast publications' vanity fair magazine.	toby daniel moorsom young (born 1963) is a british journalist, author of how to lose friends and alienate people, the tale of his disastrous five-year attempt to make it in the u.s. as a contributing editor at conde nast publications' vanity fair magazine.
during his voyage, he visited the cape verde archipelago, the falkland islands, the south american coast, the galapagos islands, new zealand and australia, meeting primitive peoples, seeing natural wonders, and above all, collecting considerable quantities of specimens.	during his voyage, he visited the cape verde archipelago, the falkland islands, the south american coast, the galapagos islands, new zealand and australia, meeting native peoples, seeing natural wonders, and above all, collecting considerable quantities of specimens.
11 of these slave states seceded from the united states to form the confederacy.	11 of these slave states declared their secession from the united states to form the confederacy.
william pember reeves, new zealand statesman , declined knighthood three times, including gcmg	william pember reeves, new zealand politician , declined knighthood three times, including gcmg
the series, it came from cassiopeia is a parody of the real ufo cult , the cassiopeans as chronicled by pulitzer-prize winning journalist, tom french.	the series, it came from cassiopeia is a parody of the real ufo religion , the cassiopeans as chronicled by pulitzer-prize winning journalist, tom french.
sadly pickles died in 1967 when he choked on his lead while chasing a cat.	pickles died in 1967 when he choked on his lead while chasing a cat.
he purposefully transformed property that had been a crack-house into the mosque as a symbol of his mission to mobilize the neighborhood to rid itself of drugs and crime.	he transformed property that had been a crack-house into the mosque as a symbol of his mission to mobilize the neighborhood to rid itself of drugs and crime.
with the progress of european colonization in the territories of the contemporary united states, the native americans were often conquered and displaced.	with the advancement of european colonization in the territories of the contemporary united states, the native americans were often conquered and displaced.
in the 17th and 18th century, sikh fighters in the punjab region waged successful guerrilla warfare against mughal, persian and afghan invasions, until they founded the powerful sikh empire under ranjit singh.	in the 17th and 18th century, sikh fighters in the punjab region waged successful guerrilla warfare against mughal, persian and afghan invasions, until they founded the sikh empire under ranjit singh.
yes also produces the yankees radio broadcasts on wcbs-am and spanish-language broadcasts on wado .	yes also produces the yankees radio broadcasts on wcbs-am and spanish-language broadcasts on wkdm .
on 13 may 2013, he floated a new political party in odisha and has christened it the samata kranti dal.	on 13 may 2013, he floated a new political party in odisha and has named it the samata kranti dal.
hulme attended high school at melbourne's prestigious wesley college, graduating with honors in drama.	hulme attended high school at melbourne's wesley college, graduating with honors in drama.
"olbermann has refused to pigeonhole himself politically, once telling the progressive on-line magazine salon.com, ""i'm not a liberal, i'm an american."""	"olbermann has refused to pigeonhole himself politically, once telling the on-line magazine salon.com, ""i'm not a liberal, i'm an american."""
a veteran of the vietnam conflict , stone served with the united states army from april 1967 to november 1968. he specifically requested combat duty and was assigned to the 25th infantry division and the 1st cavalry division, and was wounded twice in action.	a veteran of the vietnam war , stone served with the united states army from april 1967 to november 1968. he specifically requested combat duty and was assigned to the 25th infantry division and the 1st cavalry division, and was wounded twice in action.
his rule ended with the russian revolution of 1917, after which he and his family were murdered by bolsheviks.	his rule ended with the russian revolution of 1917, after which he and his family were executed by bolsheviks.
several examples of these are, free press, fair and the british anti-corporate media lens website, edited by david edwards and david cromwell.	several examples of these are, free press, fair and the british media lens website, edited by david edwards and david cromwell.
lacy joined meredith in 1998 as cfo, quickly moving on to successive positions as division presidents of interactive and integrated marketing and the meredith publishing group.	lacy joined meredith in 1998 as cfo, before moving on to successive positions as division presidents of interactive and integrated marketing and the meredith publishing group.
coindesk suggested these might have been the possible motivations behind the development and launch of bitcoin cash:	coindesk said these might have been the possible motivations behind the development and launch of bitcoin cash:
undoubtedly the fact that putin's government has almost complete control over the most popular media outlets contributes to the high popularity ratings.	arguably, the fact that putin's government has almost complete control over the most popular media outlets contributes to the high popularity ratings.
the eruption of the eyjafjallajkull volcano on 14 april 2010 has impacted the economic, political and cultural activities in europe and across the world.	the eruption of the eyjafjallajkull volcano on 14 april 2010 has affected the economic, political and cultural activities in europe and across the world.
though lizabeth scott began as a comedienne on stage (hellzapoppin, the skin of our teeth), her film career is associated with film noir by film historians and public alike.	though lizabeth scott began as a comedian on stage (hellzapoppin, the skin of our teeth), her film career is associated with film noir by film historians and public alike.
this one-sided claim is not accepted by either south korea or the u.n. command.	this claim is not accepted by either south korea or the u.n. command.
spacetime studios are a leading mobile mmo (mmobile) development studio, based in austin, texas.	spacetime studios are a mobile mmo (mmobile) development studio, based in austin, texas.
untill recent years ketamine wasn't regulated in most countries, and customs and police authorities where powerless to stop the import of bulk pharmaceutical ketamine from asian manufacturers, though this has changed due to the rising number of reports of use/abuse of ketamine, forcing countries to regulate the drug.	untill recent years ketamine wasn't regulated in most countries, and customs and police authorities where powerless to stop the import of bulk pharmaceutical ketamine from asian manufacturers, though this has changed due to the rising number of reports of use/abuse of ketamine, prompting countries to regulate the drug.
the communities in eastern anatolia suffered the heaviest fatalities .	the communities in eastern anatolia suffered the heaviest human losses .
feminist pedagogy involves reading texts written by women, and taking care to understand those texts are not simply appropriations of texts written by men, without any sort of critique of the androcentrism	feminist pedagogy involves reading texts written by women, and taking care to understand those texts are not simply appropriations of texts written by men, without any sort of critique of androcentrism
brian stableford - includes excellent bibliography	brian stableford - includes bibliography
"suede's spectacular cover of elvis costello's ""shipbuilding"""	"suede's cover of elvis costello's ""shipbuilding"""
there have reports that governor blanco was reluctant to issue a mandatory evacuation order until president bush called to personally plead that she give the order.	there have reports that governor blanco was reluctant to issue a mandatory evacuation order until president bush called to personally ask that she give the order.
modesty blaise is remarkable in that in all its printed forms over more than 40 years — comic strip and literary — it has only ever been written by one person: peter o'donnell.	modesty blaise is notable in that in all its printed forms over more than 40 years — comic strip and literary — it has only ever been written by one person: peter o'donnell.
martha stewart harshly criticized the game on several episodes of her television series martha.	martha stewart criticized the game on several episodes of her television series martha.
in 2002 his novel les ombres errantes won the prestigious prix goncourt.	in 2002 his novel les ombres errantes won the prix goncourt.
"clerics call for "" hate "" rally"	"clerics call for "" anger "" rally"
the premise above could be used in an argument concluding that all germans or current germans should be held responsible for the crimes of the nazis.	the premise above could be used in an argument concluding that all germans or current germans should be held responsible for the actions of the nazis.
"the fox news channel is a top-rated u.s. conservative cable and satellite news channel, who claims to provide ""fair & balanced"" news."	"the fox news channel is a top-rated u.s. cable and satellite news channel, who claims to provide ""fair & balanced"" news."
woodrow wilson later regretted the unconstitutional decision to put private corporations in control of printing and minting the nation's supply of money.	woodrow wilson later regretted the decision to put private corporations in control of printing and minting the nation's supply of money.
the long-running puzzlement about the appearance of the cambrian fauna, seemingly abruptly and from nowhere, centers on three key points: whether there really was a mass diversification of complex organisms over a relatively short period of time during the early cambrian; what might have caused such rapid evolution ; and what it would imply about the origin and evolution of animals.	the long-running puzzlement about the appearance of the cambrian fauna, seemingly abruptly and from nowhere, centers on three key points: whether there really was a mass diversification of complex organisms over a relatively short period of time during the early cambrian; what might have caused such rapid change ; and what it would imply about the origin and evolution of animals.
however, given the increasing prevalence of excellent russian-built surface-to-air missile systems on the open market (such as the sa-10, sa-12 and sa-20 (s-300p/v/pmu) and sa-15 (9k331/332)), stealth aircraft are likely to be very important in a high-intensity conflict in order to gain and maintain air supremacy, especially to the united states who is likely to face these types of systems.	however, given the increasing prevalence of russian-built surface-to-air missile systems on the open market (such as the sa-10, sa-12 and sa-20 (s-300p/v/pmu) and sa-15 (9k331/332)), stealth aircraft are likely to be very important in a high-intensity conflict in order to gain and maintain air supremacy, especially to the united states who is likely to face these types of systems.
most of the 1930s strikes were led by communist party agitators .	most of the 1930s strikes were led by communist party organizers .
belmond reid's palace (aka reid's palace) is a leading historic hotel located to the west of funchal bay in madeira (portugal), in an imposing position looking out over the atlantic ocean.	belmond reid's palace (aka reid's palace) is a historic hotel located to the west of funchal bay in madeira (portugal), in an imposing position looking out over the atlantic ocean.
the greenwich meridian passes through the town and a signpost shows some interesting distances in miles.	the greenwich meridian passes through the town and a signpost shows some distances in miles.
it was originally meant to be the eastern counterpart of autoroute-15, connecting with the jacques-cartier bridge, but wisely was decided not to gut yet another swath of housing within the city of montral.	it was originally meant to be the eastern counterpart of autoroute-15, connecting with the jacques-cartier bridge, but it was decided not to gut yet another swath of housing within the city of montral.
the call had an impact on the game, as the bulls won by one point, with michael jordan hitting the game winning shot after jordan appeared to shove jazz guard byron russell with his forearm, another non-call by bavetta.	the call had an impact on the game, as the bulls won by one point, with michael jordan hitting the game winning shot after jordan appeared to shove jazz guard byron russell with his forearm, another debated by bavetta.
empress wang and consort xiao were soon executed cruelly on empress wu's orders.	empress wang and consort xiao were soon executed on empress wu's orders.
durham were set a tricky target of 243, but the jamaican-born all-rounder gareth breese saw off the challenge of caddick, who took yet another six-for - this time for 98 - to end with match figures of 12 for 104. unfortunately , he was the only bowler to dig in, and michael hussey (51), dale benkenstein (51) and the aforementioned breese with 79 not out saw durham reach the target to preserve their unbeaten run in the championship.	durham were set a tricky target of 243, but the jamaican-born all-rounder gareth breese saw off the challenge of caddick, who took yet another six-for - this time for 98 - to end with match figures of 12 for 104. however , he was the only bowler to dig in, and michael hussey (51), dale benkenstein (51) and the aforementioned breese with 79 not out saw durham reach the target to preserve their unbeaten run in the championship.
"despite the fact that us news and world report has consistently ranked trinity among the top liberal arts colleges in the us, in august 2007 the college joined the ""annapolis group"", an organization of over 60 of the nation's top liberal arts schools, in refusing to participate in u.s. news & world report's college rankings."	"despite the fact that us news and world report has consistently ranked trinity among the top liberal arts colleges in the us, in august 2007 the college joined the ""annapolis group"", an organization of over 60 of the nation's liberal arts schools, in refusing to participate in u.s. news & world report's college rankings."
the demonstrable result of direct marketing is a reason for its increasing popularity.	the demonstrable result of direct marketing can be a reason for its increasing popularity.
harry's final months were plagued by alzheimer's disease; jimmy ritz died in 1985 shortly before harry, but harry's health was so delicate that he was never told of his brother's passing .	harry's final months were plagued by alzheimer's disease; jimmy ritz died in 1985 shortly before harry, but harry's health was so delicate that he was never told of his brother's death .
combs committed suicide by hanging at the glendale adventist medical center, where he was being held for observation in june 1996.	combs died from suicide by hanging at the glendale adventist medical center, where he was being held for observation in june 1996.
since all teams in africa and asia refused to meet israel, fifa decided it had to meet a european team.	since all teams in africa and asia refused to play in israel, fifa decided it had to meet a european team.
idls describe an interface in a language- neutral way, enabling communication between software components that do not share a language – for example, between components written in c++ and components written in java.	idls describe an interface in a language- independent way, enabling communication between software components that do not share a language – for example, between components written in c++ and components written in java.
the battle of mosul, a massive military offensive to liberate the city, began in october 2016, and is the largest deployment of iraqi forces since the 2003 invasion by u.s. and coalition forces.	the battle of mosul, a massive military offensive to overtake the city, began in october 2016, and is the largest deployment of iraqi forces since the 2003 invasion by u.s. and coalition forces.
popular works citing lester bangs	works citing lester bangs
in the first game, detroit blew out toronto 83-65 behind ben wallace's monster performance of 19 points, 20 rebounds, 3 blocks and 3 steals.	in the first game, detroit blew out toronto 83-65 behind ben wallace's stellar performance of 19 points, 20 rebounds, 3 blocks and 3 steals.
"the first single was a disasterous cover of the motors ""dancing the night away."""	"the first single was a cover of the motors ""dancing the night away."""
dembski's style in response to his critics (particularly of his mathematical papers) is polemical .	dembski's style in response to his critics (particularly of his mathematical papers) is deemed by his critics to be polemic .
she also had a very neoconservative foreign policy favouring strong actions and favouring democracy she dispatched a fleet and overthrew gen. galtieri in argentina when he invaded the falkland islands, she was in support not just of rolling back saddam hussein's aggression against kuwait but of going on to baghdad and having done with his hideous regime in 1991 (the origins of the neoconservative argument over iraq - that our action was too late in 2003, not to rushed - they definitely supported the shi'ite & kurdish rebellions in 1991 but people like paul wolfowitz were arguing of the dangers posed by a totalitarian and expansionist iraq as early as 1978 ) and she was also in favour of the humanitarian intervention that rescued bosnia and was calling for it in 1992. she also had a strong sense of getting people away from welfare dependency, which forms a central basis of neoconservative thinking on domestic policy.	she also had a very neoconservative foreign policy favouring strong actions and favouring democracy she dispatched a fleet and overthrew gen. galtieri in argentina when he invaded the falkland islands, she was in support not just of rolling back saddam hussein's aggression against kuwait but of going on to baghdad and having done with his regime in 1991 (the origins of the neoconservative argument over iraq - that our action was too late in 2003, not to rushed - they definitely supported the shi'ite & kurdish rebellions in 1991 but people like paul wolfowitz were arguing of the dangers posed by a totalitarian and expansionist iraq as early as 1978 ) and she was also in favour of the humanitarian intervention that rescued bosnia and was calling for it in 1992. she also had a strong sense of getting people away from welfare dependency, which forms a central basis of neoconservative thinking on domestic policy.
one of the first superman imitations , fawcett comics' captain marvel, sparked legal action because of its similarities to superman.	one of the first superman -like characters to emerge , fawcett comics' captain marvel, sparked legal action because of its similarities to superman.
the religion has been accused of doctrinal inconsistency and reversals, failed predictions, mistranslation of the bible, harsh treatment of former members and autocratic and coercive leadership.	the movement has been accused of doctrinal inconsistency and reversals, failed predictions, mistranslation of the bible, harsh treatment of former members and autocratic and coercive leadership.
body of fred hampton, national spokesman for the black panther party, who was assassinated by members of the chicago police department, as part of a cointelpro operation	body of fred hampton, national spokesman for the black panther party, who was killed by members of the chicago police department, as part of a cointelpro operation
"the republic of ireland, a sovereign state sometimes erroneously referred to as ""southern ireland"""	"the republic of ireland, a sovereign state sometimes referred to as ""southern ireland"""
palin strongly supports an individuals right to bear arms, including handguns.	palin supports an individuals right to bear arms, including handguns.
julie mccullough (1983), playboy centerfold, actress, stand-up comedienne	julie mccullough (1983), playboy centerfold, actress, stand-up comedian
in fact, a secret agreement signed with france in 1902 practically nullified itay 's membership in the triple alliance.	in fact, a secret agreement signed with france in 1902 practically nullified italy 's membership in the triple alliance.
upon graduation, he returned to northern ireland and after further training was called to the bar.	upon graduation, he returned to ireland and after further training was called to the bar.
the changes to their buying team were not well received by all involved and led to several high profile resignations including notorious buying manager scott pack, head buyer caroline mileham, children's manager george grey and range manager pete harvey.	the changes to their buying team were not well received by all involved and led to several high profile resignations including buying manager scott pack, head buyer caroline mileham, children's manager george grey and range manager pete harvey.
private journal (may 28 june 2, 1819) a delightful record of his travels to the continent; a manuscript in the carl h. pforzheimer collection of shelley and his circle at the new york public library (call number sana 0399)	private journal (may 28 june 2, 1819) a record of his travels to the continent; a manuscript in the carl h. pforzheimer collection of shelley and his circle at the new york public library (call number sana 0399)
they require no knowledge of higher mathematics, and solutions are often short and elegant .	they require no knowledge of higher mathematics, and solutions are often short and elementary .
of those monies, only $506,250 went to rescue christian missions.	of those monies, $506,250 went to rescue christian missions.
suicide bombings in iraq since 2003 have killed thousands of people, mostly iraqi civilians, and arguably constitute a new phenomenon in the history of warfare.	suicide bombings in iraq since 2003 have killed thousands of people, mostly iraqi civilians, and are considered to constitute a new phenomenon in the history of warfare.
despite the frequent moves, church members were unable to escape persecution , which culminated in the issuance of an extermination order against all mormons living in the state by missouri governor lilburn boggs, the murder of joseph smith in 1844, and the burning of the latter-day saint temple in nauvoo, illinois in 1846. brigham young, joseph smith's successor as church leader, claimed divine direction to organize the church members and head west, beyond the western frontier of the united states.	despite the frequent moves, church members were unable to escape opposition , which culminated in the issuance of an extermination order against all mormons living in the state by missouri governor lilburn boggs, the murder of joseph smith in 1844, and the burning of the latter-day saint temple in nauvoo, illinois in 1846. brigham young, joseph smith's successor as church leader, claimed divine direction to organize the church members and head west, beyond the western frontier of the united states.
asin has graced the covers of several major magazines including cosmopolitan (february 2009 & june 2011), cine blitz (january 2009), femina (14 december 2011), fhm (november 2009), filmfare (18 february 2009 & 24 june 2009), grazia (november 2009 & october 2010), hi blitz (march 2009), marie claire (december 2009), prevention (march 2009 and july 2011), verve (march 2009) and vogue india (july 2008), as well as magazines such as cine fashion (january 2007),	asin has been featured on the covers of several major magazines including cosmopolitan (february 2009 & june 2011), cine blitz (january 2009), femina (14 december 2011), fhm (november 2009), filmfare (18 february 2009 & 24 june 2009), grazia (november 2009 & october 2010), hi blitz (march 2009), marie claire (december 2009), prevention (march 2009 and july 2011), verve (march 2009) and vogue india (july 2008), as well as magazines such as cine fashion (january 2007),
"bass also appeared in the ""pride"" segment of the magnificent seven deadly sins and had a leading role in the blockbuster 1977 sex comedy come play with me."	"bass also appeared in the ""pride"" segment of the magnificent seven deadly sins and had a leading role in the 1977 sex comedy come play with me."
a beautiful seventeen-year-old girl, forced to leave her family in mississippi after putting her boyfriend in a coma by kissing him.	a seventeen-year-old girl, forced to leave her family in mississippi after putting her boyfriend in a coma by kissing him.
as a young pupil at the herzliya gimnasium in tel aviv he studied painting under arie allweil, who believed in his talent and invited him to stay with him and work under his guidance in the picturesque town of tzfat (summer of 1954).	as a young pupil at the herzliya gimnasium in tel aviv he studied painting under arie allweil, who believed in his talent and invited him to stay with him and work under his guidance in the town of tzfat (summer of 1954).
(annoyed grunt) it is revealed that lisa joined the activist /ecoterrorist group peta.	(annoyed grunt) it is revealed that lisa joined the activist group peta.
harrah's las vegas is a hotel and casino located on the famed las vegas strip in paradise, nevada.	harrah's las vegas is a hotel and casino located on the las vegas strip in paradise, nevada.
the turner diaries (1978), by andrew macdonald, is a political novel that depicts the violent revolution occurred in the united states when the federal government confiscated private firearms.	the turner diaries (1978), by andrew macdonald, is a political novel that depicts the right-wing revolution occurred in the united states when the federal government confiscated private firearms.
"on may 23, 2006, he performed his stellar song ""bad day"" at the american idol finale to mark the close of the season."	"on may 23, 2006, he performed his song ""bad day"" at the american idol finale to mark the close of the season."
the beautiful english version was adapted by film fair and first broadcast in the uk in 1983.	the english version was adapted by film fair and first broadcast in the uk in 1983.
tonsillectomy may be required when the patient:	tonsillectomy may be performed when the patient:
richard preston, an error in the code -- a syndrome poses questions about free will, the new yorker, august 13, 2007, p. 30, is a gripping report examining developments in medicines understanding of lns, with stories of some patients' experiences.	richard preston, an error in the code -- a syndrome poses questions about free will, the new yorker, august 13, 2007, p. 30, is a report examining developments in medicines understanding of lns, with stories of some patients' experiences.
the outriders' goal is to conquer mankind and control the universe unhinderedthey think the human dimension has much more to offer than their own.	the outriders' goal is to conquer humanity and control the universe unhinderedthey think the human dimension has much more to offer than their own.
"though many of these groups were labelled ""terrorists"" by critics of their activities, gaddafi refuted such a characterisation, instead considering them revolutionaries engaged in liberation struggles."	"though many of these groups were labelled ""terrorists"" by critics of their activities, gaddafi rejected such a characterisation, instead considering them revolutionaries engaged in liberation struggles."
"the christian science monitor noted israel was the only country to have banned the organization as of 2010. a un report criticized israel's treatment of ihh after the gaza flotilla raid and concluded that ""forensic evidence showing that most of the deceased (from ihh) were shot multiple times, including in the back, or at close range has not been adequately accounted for in the material presented by israel"" and also noted israel's ""physical mistreatment, harassment and intimidation, unjustified confiscation of belongings and the denial of timely consular assistance"" to ihh and other humanitraian activists."	"the christian science monitor noted israel was the only country to have banned the organization as of 2010. a un report criticized israel's treatment of ihh after the gaza flotilla raid and concluded that ""forensic evidence showing that most of the deceased (from ihh) were shot multiple times, including in the back, or at close range has not been adequately accounted for in the material presented by israel"" and also noted israel's ""physical mistreatment, harassment and intimidation, unjustified confiscation of belongings and the denial of timely consular assistance"" to ihh and other activists."
in 1993 he was traded to the abysmal washington redskins after coming off rotator cuff surgery.	in 1993 he was traded to the washington redskins after coming off rotator cuff surgery.
according to critics, the wedge document, more than any other discovery institute project, betrays the institute's and intelligent design's political rather than scientific purpose.	according to critics, the wedge document, more than any other discovery institute project, demonstrates the institute's and intelligent design's political rather than scientific purpose.
his poetic output was tragically cut short when he suffered a severe stroke in 1987. he lived through a long period of illness from that time until his death in 2005.	his poetic output was cut short when he suffered a severe stroke in 1987. he lived through a long period of illness from that time until his death in 2005.
"although the album received many positive reviews, certain critics felt that the band was treading water musically rather than continuing the ""genre-redefining"" trend that ok computer had begun."	"although the album received many positive reviews, some critics felt that the band was treading water musically rather than continuing the ""genre-redefining"" trend that ok computer had begun."
gibraltarians were classed as british overseas territories citizens related to gibraltar.	british nationals settled there are were classed as british overseas territories citizens related to gibraltar.
volodymyr selivanov or vladimir selivanov (; born 5 november 1945 in izhevsk, soviet union, now russia) is a ukrainian jurist, researcher and statesman .	volodymyr selivanov or vladimir selivanov (; born 5 november 1945 in izhevsk, soviet union, now russia) is a ukrainian jurist, researcher and politician .
not allowing companies hiding in tax havens to bid for public contracts	not allowing companies domiciled in tax havens to bid for public contracts
"{ lat = 36.732, long = 37.848, mark = m. is , marksize = 5, label = ""thaheriyah (balwiran)"", link = ""thaheriyah (balwiran)"", label_size = 0, position = ""left"" },"	"{ lat = 36.732, long = 37.848, mark = m. stable_opp_trk , marksize = 5, label = ""thaheriyah (balwiran)"", link = ""thaheriyah (balwiran)"", label_size = 0, position = ""left"" },"
investigations revealed that he had been suffering from financial problems due to losing his job as an accountant, heavy expenses related to his fancy house and family problems caused by his wife's mental illness brought on by advanced syphilis.	investigations revealed that he had been suffering from financial problems due to losing his job as an accountant, heavy expenses related to his expensive house and family problems caused by his wife's mental illness brought on by advanced syphilis.
xena: warrior princess debuted on 4 september 1995. the show was a huge hit, lasting six seasons, and lawless became an international celebrity.	xena: warrior princess debuted on 4 september 1995. the show was a hit, lasting six seasons, and lawless became an international celebrity.
in order to increase their profit, unscrupulous fossil hunters and dealers occasionally sell slab and counter slab separately.	in order to increase their profit, fossil hunters and dealers occasionally sell slab and counter slab separately.
the st. louis globe-democrat awarded him its prestigious award for meritious service to his state three times, 1972, 1974, and 1976.	the st. louis globe-democrat awarded him its award for meritious service to his state three times, 1972, 1974, and 1976.
the changes took massive effect in january 2013.	the changes took effect in january 2013.
potassium and magnesium sulfate fertilizer	potassium sulfate/ magnesium sulfate fertilizer
on that morning, terrorists affiliated with al-qaeda hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners.	on that morning, hijackers affiliated with al-qaeda hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners.
"japan claims that the name ""sea of japan"" had internationally established itself as a single name by the early 19th century during a period in which japan was under the isolation policy (sakoku)."	"japan claims that the name ""sea of japan"" had internationally established itself as a name by the early 19th century during a period in which japan was under the isolation policy (sakoku)."
1987 - rock band u2 release the classic album the joshua tree.	1987 - rock band u2 release the album the joshua tree.
snap polls indicate that more than 24 million people watched the telecast of the gripping ipl 2008 finals (rajasthan royals v chennai super kings),more than 20 million people saw the rajasthan royals vs delhi daredevils match, whereas the second semi-final between chennai super kings and kings xi punjab attracted an audience of 19 million.	snap polls indicate that more than 24 million people watched the telecast of the ipl 2008 finals (rajasthan royals v chennai super kings),more than 20 million people saw the rajasthan royals vs delhi daredevils match, whereas the second semi-final between chennai super kings and kings xi punjab attracted an audience of 19 million.
in 1977 alone, dr. nick had prescribed 10,000 dosen of amphetamines, barbiturates, narcotics, tranquilizers, sleeping pills, laxatives, and hormones for presley.	in 1977 alone, dr. nick had prescribed 10,000 doses of amphetamines, barbiturates, narcotics, tranquilizers, sleeping pills, laxatives, and hormones for presley.
cave of the patriarchs shooting	cave of the patriarchs killings
(berglar 1984, p. 186) messori clarifies further that there were only 8 members of opus dei (5 of whom served for only one term or but a few months) of the 116 ministers under franco's regime, and they started serving only after 1956. there was no opus dei member in his last cabinet.	(berglar 1984, p. 186) messori says further that there were only 8 members of opus dei (5 of whom served for only one term or but a few months) of the 116 ministers under franco's regime, and they started serving only after 1956. there was no opus dei member in his last cabinet.
his first job was as a physicist at the atomic weapons research establishment at aldermaston, berkshire, an experience which he later hilariously parodied in the leaky establishment.	his first job was as a physicist at the atomic weapons research establishment at aldermaston, berkshire, an experience which he later humorously parodied in the leaky establishment.
mujica was captured by the authorities on four occasions, and he was among those political prisoners who broke free of the punta carretas prison.	mujica was captured by the authorities on four occasions, and he was among those prisoners who broke free of the punta carretas prison.
during wilson's hospitalization at towns hospital, silkworth told wilson that he could be healed by the great physician (he was referring to jesus christ ).	during wilson's hospitalization at towns hospital, silkworth told wilson that he could be healed by the great physician (he was referring to jesus of nazareth ).
air commodore misha wakerman - industrialist, queen's counsel (qc) and artist extraordinaire .	air commodore misha wakerman - industrialist, queen's counsel (qc) and artist.
an editorial in the (louisville) courier-journal summed it up best : no presidential candidate in the future will be so inept that four of his major speeches can be boiled down to these historic four sentences: agriculture is important.	an editorial in the (louisville) courier-journal summed it up as such : no presidential candidate in the future will be so inept that four of his major speeches can be boiled down to these historic four sentences: agriculture is important.
politically progressive organizations fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair) and media matters for america (mmfa) have criticized stossel's work, for a lack of balance of coverage and distortion of facts.	politically progressive organizations fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair) and media matters for america (mmfa) have criticized stossel's work, for an ostensible lack of balance of coverage and distortion of facts.
there is no federal law requiring that an individual identify herself during a terry stop.	there is no federal law requiring that an individual identify themselves during a terry stop.
by autumn 2005 he had completed version 1.0 and development has continued to the end of 2005 at a satisfyingly rapid pace.	by autumn 2005 he had completed version 1.0 and development has continued to the end of 2005 at a rapid pace.
a journey in 1930 to the middle east and encountering starving refugees inspired his novel the forty days of musa dagh which drew world attention to the armenian genocide at the hands of the turks .	a journey in 1930 to the middle east and encountering starving refugees inspired his novel the forty days of musa dagh which drew world attention to the armenian genocide at the hands of the turkish government .
he was among the first israeli intellectuals who warned immediately after the 1967 six-day war that if israel would hold on to the occupied territories, this would lead to the decline of israel's moral stature.	he was among the first israeli intellectuals who stated immediately after the 1967 six-day war that if israel would hold on to the occupied territories, this would lead to the decline of israel's moral stature.
the lod airport massacre was a terrorist attack that occurred on may 30, 1972, in which three members of the japanese red army killed 26 people and injured 80 others at tel aviv's lod airport (now ben gurion international airport).	the lod airport massacre was a militant attack that occurred on may 30, 1972, in which three members of the japanese red army killed 26 people and injured 80 others at tel aviv's lod airport (now ben gurion international airport).
the head of the church, sun myung moon, has unfairly called on jewish people to repent for the crucifixion, knowing that judaism does not accept jesus as a god.	the head of the church, sun myung moon, has called on jewish people to repent for the crucifixion, knowing that judaism does not accept jesus as a god.
these actions were highly abnormal from the roman senate, but this was not the same body of patricians that had murdered caesar.	these actions were highly abnormal from the roman senate, but this was not the same body of patricians that had assasinated caesar.
many people attempt to justify it on economic grounds, falsly labeling wolves as destructive predators.	many people attempt to justify it on economic grounds, labeling wolves as destructive predators.
however it has been practised abundantly within prisons, reformatories, boarding schools and similar institutions in the western world as well.	however it has been practised frequently within prisons, reformatories, boarding schools and similar institutions in the western world as well.
today, the iht, now owned entirely by the new york times, remains an influential english language paper, printed at 26 sites around the world and for sale in more than 180 countries.	today, the iht, now owned entirely by the new york times, remains an english language paper, printed at 26 sites around the world and for sale in more than 180 countries.
he tracked down and informed the firm of pirated copies of their engines in leeds between 17951796 and probably also did the same thing subsequently in lancashire.	he tracked down and informed the firm of patent infringing copies of their engines in leeds between 17951796 and probably also did the same thing subsequently in lancashire.
creation according to genesis is the creation myth found in the first two chapters of the bible, .	creation according to genesis is the creation story found in the first two chapters of the bible, .
the turkish counter-terror began with the hanging of the patriarch at constantinople.	the turkish actions against greek civilians began with the hanging of the patriarch at constantinople.
"british journalist paul johnson called on the jews and their lies the ""first work of modern anti-semitism, and a giant step forward on the road to the holocaust."""	"british historian paul johnson called on the jews and their lies the ""first work of modern anti-semitism, and a giant step forward on the road to the holocaust."""
directx is a collection of apis for easily handling tasks related to game programming on the microsoft windows operating system.	directx is a collection of apis for handling tasks related to game programming on the microsoft windows operating system.
in 1999 hilaly was charged and briefly jailed after being convicted of being involved in smuggling goods from egypt.	in 1999 hilaly was charged and jailed after being convicted of being involved in smuggling goods from egypt.
"conservative shadow defence minister enoch powell's ""rivers of blood"" speech in 1968 was both influential and widely regarded as anti-immigrant with racist overtones, although many conservative mps defended powell's speech."	"conservative shadow defence minister enoch powell's ""rivers of blood"" speech in 1968 was both influential and widely regarded as anti-immigrant with racist overtones, although some conservative mps defended powell's speech."
"when the tiananmen square protests occurred, jiang understood that the student activists were liberals rather than maoists, but she blamed them on deng xiaoping, writing that ""he let in all those western ideas!"""	"when the tiananmen square protests occurred, jiang believed that the student activists were liberals rather than maoists, but she blamed them on deng xiaoping, writing that ""he let in all those western ideas!"""
this theology became the absurd basis of the msts founding ideologies and organizational structure.	this theology became the basis of the msts founding ideologies and organizational structure.
kuba kingdom, pre-colonial central african state	kuba kingdom, a historical central african state
the british broadcasting corporation (bbc) is a leftwing british public service broadcaster.	the british broadcasting corporation (bbc) is a british public service broadcaster.
the us illegally detains the ship, but is later forced to allow the ship to go, conceding that neither country has broken any law.	the us detains the ship, but is later forced to allow the ship to go, conceding that neither country has broken any law.
oroonoko is a short novel by aphra behn (june 10 1640 – april 16 1689), published in 1688, concerning the tragic love of its hero, an enslaved african in surinam in the 1660s, and the author's own experiences in the new south american colony.	oroonoko is a short novel by aphra behn (june 10 1640 – april 16 1689), published in 1688, concerning the love of its hero, an enslaved african in surinam in the 1660s, and the author's own experiences in the new south american colony.
the ride begins with a 180 turn out of the station.	the ride begins with a slight left turn out of the station.
the scottish parliament is unable to change the legal name as it does not have the powers to amend the scotland act 1998. the renaming of the executive was decided unilaterally by the minority snp government; without parliamentary scrutiny, debate or approval.	the scottish parliament is unable to change the legal name as it does not have the powers to amend the scotland act 1998. the renaming of the executive was decided unilaterally by the minority snp government; and the scottish government was criticised for acting allowing for parliamentary scrutiny, debate or approval.
therefore, the fact that voldemort now has harry's blood in him will clearly be significant.	therefore, the fact that voldemort now has harry's blood in him will be significant.
the infamous double-sig rune ss insignia.	the double-sig rune ss insignia.
erin o'connor (born 9 february 1978) is an english supermodel .	erin o'connor (born 9 february 1978) is an english model .
suzhoug cuisine: emphasis on the selection of material, stronger taste than nanjing cuisine, and there is often some sweetness in the taste.	suzhou cuisine: emphasis on the selection of material, stronger taste than nanjing cuisine, and there is often some sweetness in the taste.
"elsewhere around the world, ""punkabilly"" band the living end became majorly successful in australia with their self-titled 1998 debut."	"elsewhere around the world, ""punkabilly"" band the living end became successful in australia with their self-titled 1998 debut."
on 5th avenue (19962001), his office, directly across the hall from dick raboy, a nyc advertising copywriter, and had studied under his tutelage until his passing in may 2004. in 1998, he married, argentinian designer, debora gutman, and was divorced year later.	on 5th avenue (19962001), his office, directly across the hall from dick raboy, a nyc advertising copywriter, and had studied under his tutelage until his death in may 2004. in 1998, he married, argentinian designer, debora gutman, and was divorced year later.
fredrik strm (1880 - 1948) was a swedish communist politician and a productive writer.	fredrik strm (1880 - 1948) was a swedish communist politician and a prolific writer.
"it is called the ""lord's prayer"" because, in the doctrine of the trinity expounded in biblical christianity, jesus is considered to be the form of god on earth, that is to say, the ""lord""."	"it is called the ""lord's prayer"" because, in the doctrine of the trinity expounded in most versions of christianity, jesus is considered to be the form of god on earth, that is to say, the ""lord""."
george is widely known for his fantastic beard.	george is widely known for his well-kept beard .
"the witnesses said that one of the terrorists had kept firing at the fleeing passengers while shouting, ""more than a million of us died, what does it matter if 25 of you die?"""	"the witnesses said that one of the perpetrators had kept firing at the fleeing passengers while shouting, ""more than a million of us died, what does it matter if 25 of you die?"""
"like coogan, mccloud galloped the length and breadth of manhattan (he was joined by a mounted unit in ""the 42nd street cavalry""), and the absurd sight of mccloud on horseback riding down the middle of a busy street (taken from an early episode) became one of the series' iconic images."	"like coogan, mccloud galloped the length and breadth of manhattan (he was joined by a mounted unit in ""the 42nd street cavalry""), and the sight of mccloud on horseback riding down the middle of a busy street (taken from an early episode) became one of the series' iconic images."
the site features dilapidated industrial architecture and unusually helpful and knowledgeable guides.	the site features dilapidated industrial architecture and helpful and knowledgeable guides.
combining these two things, shoegaze legends my bloody valentine have influenced parker's music with their contrasting combination of loud guitars and ethereal melodies.	combining these two things, shoegaze act my bloody valentine have influenced parker's music with their contrasting combination of loud guitars and ethereal melodies.
the federal bureau of investigation has claimed that at least 10 european citizens were tortured by the assad government while detained during the syrian civil war, potentially leaving assad open to prosecution by individual european countries for war crimes.	the federal bureau of investigation has stated that at least 10 european citizens were tortured by the assad government while detained during the syrian civil war, potentially leaving assad open to prosecution by individual european countries for war crimes.
their daughter was michael's beloved mother, lesley angold harrison, a former dancer who tragically died of cancer in 1997. he spent the majority of his childhood in london living in the home his parents bought shortly after his birth.	their daughter was michael's beloved mother, lesley angold harrison, a former dancer who died of cancer in 1997. he spent the majority of his childhood in london living in the home his parents bought shortly after his birth.
unlike their later albums, vocalist ian anderson shared songwriting chores with guitarist mick abrahams.	unlike their later albums, vocalist ian anderson shared songwriting duties with guitarist mick abrahams.
"dorrance publishing co., inc. is the oldest american independent vanity press , which identifies itself as a ""subsidy publishing company""."	"dorrance publishing co., inc. is the oldest american independent self-publishing press , which identifies itself as a ""subsidy publishing company""."
today there is a moving museum about the difficult history of gush etzion.	today there is a moving museum about the history of gush etzion.
because the worldwide spread of aids has had such a tragic effect on millions of people worldwide, a number of misconceptions have arisen surrounding the disease.	because the worldwide spread of aids has had such a great effect on millions of people worldwide, a number of misconceptions have arisen surrounding the disease.
all eyez on me, shakur's classic 1996 album	all eyez on me, shakur's 1996 album
"the role of barry ""the baptist"" was played by legendary hardman lenny mclean also known as ""the guv'nor"" after becoming the country's top bare-knuckle fighter."	"the role of barry ""the baptist"" was played by hardman lenny mclean also known as ""the guv'nor"" after becoming the country's top bare-knuckle fighter."
in the older cronquist system these were placed within the order celastrales.	in the cronquist system these were placed within the order celastrales.
she responded to the threats during the belgian national holiday celebrations on 21 july by wittily waving an apple to the crowd a reference to the william tell folk tale.	she responded to the threats during the belgian national holiday celebrations on 21 july by waving an apple to the crowd a reference to the william tell folk tale.
the walking guide also suggests stopping in at the local moniack wineries for some wine tasting and if that gets your appetite going why not stop for a bite to eat at the fabulous local restaurant the old north inn .	the walking guide also suggests stopping in at the local moniack wineries for some wine tasting and if that gets your appetite going why not stop for a bite to eat at the local restaurant the old north inn.
when a comparison is made between the seven major critical editions of the greek nt verse-by-verse  namely tischendorf, westcott-hort, von soden, vogels, merk, bover, and nestle-aland  only 62.9% of verses are variant free.	when a comparison is made between the seven major critical editions of the greek nt verse-by-verse  namely tischendorf, westcott-hort, von soden, vogels, merk, bover, and nestle-aland  62.9% of verses are variant free.
the most famous account of her reputed haunting has been documented in paranormal researcher hans holzer's book ghosts i've met.	the most famous account of her reputed haunting has been described in paranormal researcher hans holzer's book ghosts i've met.
though not mentioned by the oxford dictionary of national biography, her writings on egypt in particular are fascinating testimony to her learning, literary skill and philosophy of life.	though not mentioned by the oxford dictionary of national biography, her writings on egypt in particular are testimony to her learning, literary skill and philosophy of life.
matt hubbard is an american television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many successful television shows.	matt hubbard is an american television writer and screenwriter who has worked on many television shows.
arsenal's first competitive match at the stadium was an fa premier league game against aston villa on august 19 2006 which had an attendance of 60,023. aston villa's olof mellberg tragically scored the first competitive goal at the stadium, before gilberto silva scored arsenal's first competitive goal there to level the match, which finished 1-1.	arsenal's first competitive match at the stadium was an fa premier league game against aston villa on august 19 2006 which had an attendance of 60,023. aston villa's olof mellberg scored the first competitive goal at the stadium, before gilberto silva scored arsenal's first competitive goal there to level the match, which finished 1-1.
he is considered by followers of soka gakkai to be a prolific writer, poet and peace activist, recognized as one of the leading interpreters of nichiren buddhism in terms of popularity of his interpretations, bringing its timeless wisdom to bear on the many contemporary issues confronting humanity.	he is considered by followers of soka gakkai to be a prolific writer, poet and peace activist, recognized as one of the leading interpreters of nichiren buddhism in terms of popularity of his interpretations, bringing its wisdom to bear on the many contemporary issues confronting humanity.
she is the daughter of the legendary singer/actress judy garland and sidney luft who was garland's third husband and manager.	she is the daughter of the singer/actress judy garland and sidney luft who was garland's third husband and manager.
the project has come under scrutiny since it was announced that it was briefly at risk of being censored to prevent all mention of legitimate 9/11 truth research by the organization that had printed its annual report, called institute for policy studies.	the project has come under scrutiny since it was announced that it was briefly at risk of being censored to prevent all mention of 9/11 truth research by the organization that had printed its annual report, called institute for policy studies.
1 450 talented employees work in the company.	1 450 employees work in the company.
the stunning new main entrance to alsop high school	the new main entrance to alsop high school
port allen is home to the mississippi riverfront development which provides a breathtaking panoramic view of the mississippi river and baton rouge, the west baton rouge museum, the city of port allen railroad depot, scott's cemetery, the port of greater baton rouge, the port allen lock.	port allen is home to the mississippi riverfront development which provides a panoramic view of the mississippi river and baton rouge, the west baton rouge museum, the city of port allen railroad depot, scott's cemetery, the port of greater baton rouge, the port allen lock.
a recent and wonderful example of this is the new mac os x operating system, based on parts of the bsd code.	a recent and successful example of this is the new mac os x operating system, based on parts of the bsd code.
"since the united states diplomatic cables leak began on 28 november 2010, when the whistleblower website wikileaks started to publish classified documents of detailed correspondence between the u.s. state department and its diplomatic missions around the world, releasing further documents every day, we have learned that, ""sudan's neighbor, uganda, blames khartoum for paying and harboring ugandan rebel joseph kony, leader of the lord's resistance army (lra), a brutal rebel group that has waged the longest-running insurgency in africa."	"since the united states diplomatic cables leak began on 28 november 2010, when the website wikileaks started to publish classified documents of detailed correspondence between the u.s. state department and its diplomatic missions around the world, releasing further documents every day, we have learned that, ""sudan's neighbor, uganda, blames khartoum for paying and harboring ugandan rebel joseph kony, leader of the lord's resistance army (lra), a brutal rebel group that has waged the longest-running insurgency in africa."
"the term ""supercookies"" is erroneously used in the media for tracking technologies that do not rely on http cookies."	"the term ""supercookies"" is also used in the media for tracking technologies that do not rely on http cookies."
"quackwatch inc. is an american non-profit organization dedicated to ""combat health-related frauds, myths, fads, fallacies, and misconduct,"" with its primary focus on what it characterizes as quackery-related information."	"quackwatch inc. is an american non-profit organization aiming to ""combat health-related frauds, myths, fads, fallacies, and misconduct,"" with its primary focus on what it characterizes as quackery-related information."
because of his extensive knowledge flour mills, in 1880 he was hired by cadwallader c. washburn (better known as c. c. washburn), founder of the famous washburn-crosby mills in minneapolis, to be head engineer and superintendent of his mills.	because of his extensive knowledge flour mills, in 1880 he was hired by cadwallader c. washburn (better known as c. c. washburn), founder of the washburn-crosby mills in minneapolis, to be head engineer and superintendent of his mills.
the theories of independent creation ranged from the idea of a single man conceiving it, to the hyksos people forming it from corrupt egyptian.	the theories of independent creation ranged from the idea of a single individual conceiving it, to the hyksos people forming it from corrupt egyptian.
british royal family and relatives	commonwealth realms royal family and relatives
his death finally provoked international outcry for human rights reform in el salvador.	his death provoked international outcry for human rights reform in el salvador.
the already precarious alliance between mossadegh and kashani was severed in january 1953, when kashani opposed mossadegh's demand that his dictatorial powers be extended for a period of one year.	the already precarious alliance between mossadegh and kashani was severed in january 1953, when kashani opposed mossadegh's demand that his increased powers be extended for a period of one year.
islam emphatically rejects these notions .	islam emphatically rejects these principles .
in pregnancy terms, quickening is the moment in pregnancy when the mother starts to feel or perceive fetal movements in the uterus.	in pregnancy terms, quickening is the moment in pregnancy when the pregnant woman starts to feel or perceive fetal movements in the uterus.
during the 1984 uk miners' strike, buses used for transporting strikebreakers to work were armoured against attacking strikers by fitting metal bars to their windows.	during the 1984 uk miners' strike, buses used for transporting strikebreakers to work were armoured against attacks by strikers by fitting metal bars to their windows.
electoral fraud conviction and appeal acquittal	electoral fraud conviction and acquittal
however, it did not include notable improvements made in bsd such as the c shell (csh) and screen editing.	however, it did not include notable additions made in bsd such as the c shell (csh) and screen editing.
operation condor (spanish: operacin cndor, portuguese: operao condor) was a campaign of counter-terrorism and intelligence operations implemented by right-wing dictatorships that dominated the southern cone in latin america from the 1950s to 1980s, heavily relying on numerous assassinations.	operation condor (spanish: operacin cndor, portuguese: operao condor) was a campaign of counter-terrorism and intelligence operations implemented by right-wing governments that dominated the southern cone in latin america from the 1950s to 1980s, heavily relying on numerous assassinations.
amigaone is a series of computers intended to run amigaos 4 developed by hyperion entertainment, as a successor to the popular amiga series by commodore international.	amigaone is a series of computers intended to run amigaos 4 developed by hyperion entertainment, as a successor to the amiga series by commodore international.
all star united is a grammy-nominated christian rock band that was formed by solo artist ian eskelin in 1996. the band is known for clever and sometimes sarcastic lyrics, as they frequently use their songs as vehicles to lampoon perceived excesses in western culture.	all star united is a christian rock band that was formed by solo artist ian eskelin in 1996. the band is known for clever and sometimes sarcastic lyrics, as they frequently use their songs as vehicles to lampoon perceived excesses in western culture.
interesting sights in helmsburg include the helmsburg general store, helmsburg antiques, and figtree gallery & coffee shop which includes an art gallery, star wars memorabilia display, and uniquely painted zebra stripe fire engine.	sights in helmsburg include the helmsburg general store, helmsburg antiques, and figtree gallery & coffee shop which includes an art gallery, star wars memorabilia display, and uniquely painted zebra stripe fire engine.
on a further note, many fans have thought that venom was an influence on bathory, however quorthon has said that he never even owned a venom record, and had only heard a few songs (this is a matter of contention along with the obvious manowar influence on later viking era albums which was also denied).	on a further note, many fans have thought that venom was an influence on bathory, however quorthon has said that he never even owned a venom record, and had only heard a few songs (this is a matter of contention along with the oft-perceived manowar influence on later viking era albums which was also denied).
"the national cancer institute claims , ""fda-approved gardasil prevented nearly 100 percent of the precancerous cervical cell changes caused by the types of hpv targeted by the vaccine for up to 4 years after vaccination."""	"the national cancer institute says , ""fda-approved gardasil prevented nearly 100 percent of the precancerous cervical cell changes caused by the types of hpv targeted by the vaccine for up to 4 years after vaccination."""
characterized by impressive single family homes on spacious lots (by san francisco standards), st. francis wood has no businesses and a correspondingly low profile compared to wealthy neighborhoods like the marina district and pacific heights.	characterized by single family homes on spacious lots (by san francisco standards), st. francis wood has no businesses and a correspondingly low profile compared to wealthy neighborhoods like the marina district and pacific heights.
blessed pope pius ix (13 may 1792, senigallia 7 february 1878), born giovanni maria mastai-ferretti, was the longest-reigning elected pope in church history, serving from 16 june 1846 until his death, a period of nearly 32 years.	pope pius ix (13 may 1792, senigallia 7 february 1878), born giovanni maria mastai-ferretti, was the longest-reigning elected pope in church history, serving from 16 june 1846 until his death, a period of nearly 32 years.
gretchen elizabeth carlson (born june 21, 1966) is a conservative american television journalist who hosts the fox news daytime show the real story with gretchen carlson weekdays.	gretchen elizabeth carlson (born june 21, 1966) is a american television journalist who hosts the fox news daytime show the real story with gretchen carlson weekdays.
spanish is the official state language, although minority languages are co-official in a number of autonomous communities.	spanish is the official state language, although the other languages are co-official in a number of autonomous communities.
in her autobiography, the ear of the heart: an actress journey from hollywood to holy vows (ignatius press) co-authored with lifelong friend richard deneut and released may 7, 2013 she tells her amazing life story, from her birth in chicago to becoming catholic, from her hollywood adventures to monastery life.	in her autobiography, the ear of the heart: an actress journey from hollywood to holy vows (ignatius press) co-authored with lifelong friend richard deneut and released may 7, 2013 she tells her life story, from her birth in chicago to becoming catholic, from her hollywood adventures to monastery life.
whether the plan had ever been to have clarke as a symbolic head of state and pearse as head of government, or was simply that pearse was always to be central but with statements ambiguously describing his title, remains a minor mystery about which historians still speculate.	whether the plan had ever been to have clarke as a symbolic head of state and pearse as head of government, or was simply that pearse was always to be central but with statements ambiguously describing his title, remains a mystery about which historians still speculate.
his two 1998 comeback fights against carl thompson at cruiserweight saw the once retired eubank bravely lose to an older but fresher champion of a much heavier weight than eubank had fought at for a decade.	his two 1998 comeback fights against carl thompson at cruiserweight saw the once retired eubank lose to an older but fresher champion of a much heavier weight than eubank had fought at for a decade.
mobiola is unique word like symbian, then delete symbian or emule or amule and especially microsoft windowstoo!!	mobiola is unique word like symbian, then delete symbian or emule or amule and especially microsoft windows too!!
since 1977 the songs eyecatcher in concerts has been chris squire playing a pretentious triple neck bass guitar featuring two fretted necks (6- and 4-string) and a 4-string fretless one.	since 1977 the songs staple in concerts has been chris squire playing a pretentious triple neck bass guitar featuring two fretted necks (6- and 4-string) and a 4-string fretless one.
brigitte nielsen (born 15 july 1963) is a danish actress who became known for appearing in the 1985 films red sonja and rocky iv and then marrying rocky's star, sylvester stallone.	brigitte nielsen (born 15 july 1963) is a danish actor who became known for appearing in the 1985 films red sonja and rocky iv and then marrying rocky's star, sylvester stallone.
it was founded by three students, josh michel ('02), michael guerra ('03) and jack ferris ('02) in 1999. at the end of the 2008-2009, the boston latin theatre company will be shut down, along with the remainder of the arts and music due to unfortunate budget cuts.	it was founded by three students, josh michel ('02), michael guerra ('03) and jack ferris ('02) in 1999. at the end of the 2008-2009, the boston latin theatre company will be shut down, along with the remainder of the arts and music due to budget cuts.
although the internet has been widely used by academia since the 1980s, the commercialization incorporated its services and technologies into virtually every aspect of modern life.	although the internet has been widely used by academia since the 1980s, the commercialization incorporated its services and technologies into virtually every aspect of contemporary life.
after identity crisis, bruce wayne offered to adopt tim, who unfortunately was not fond of the idea.	after identity crisis, bruce wayne offered to adopt tim, who was not fond of the idea.
executive producers david benioff and dan weiss issued a statement grieving her passing .	executive producers david benioff and dan weiss issued a statement grieving her death .
dale e. lehman and julio savi show a possible relation of this statement with the big bang theory.	dale e. lehman and julio savi suggest a possible relation of this statement with the big bang theory.
f-22a raptor, air dominance stealth fighter	f-22a raptor, air superiority stealth fighter
they also maintain that the 1946 voters lists did not include 6.4 million persons allegedly deprived of their rights, in prison or in exile.	they also maintain that the 1946 voters lists did not include 6.4 million persons deprived of their rights, in prison or in exile.
tamia marilyn hill (born may 9, 1975), and known professionally as tamia, is a grammy-nominated canadian singer-songwriter whose music spans several genres: r&b, neo soul, hip hop soul, pop, gospel, jazz, and soft rock.	tamia marilyn hill (born may 9, 1975), and known professionally as tamia, is a canadian singer-songwriter whose music spans several genres: r&b, neo soul, hip hop soul, pop, gospel, jazz, and soft rock.
it is noted for its tea industry, its spectacular views of the kangchenjunga, the world's third-highest mountain, and the darjeeling himalayan railway, a unesco world heritage site.	it is noted for its tea industry, its views of the kangchenjunga, the world's third-highest mountain, and the darjeeling himalayan railway, a unesco world heritage site.
nvidia and ati, makers of graphics processors, are two notable examples.	nvidia and ati, makers of graphics processors, are two examples.
according to sebastian dullien and ulrike gurot ordoliberalism is a central reason for the peculiar german approach to euro crisis resolution which often has led to conflict with other european countries.	according to sebastian dullien and ulrike gurot ordoliberalism is a central reason for the german approach to euro crisis resolution which often has led to conflict with other european countries.
according to a united states department of the treasury partisan economic study, the major tax bills enacted under reagan, as a whole, significantly reduced (~-1% of gdp) government tax receipts.	according to a united states department of the treasury economic study, the major tax bills enacted under reagan, as a whole, significantly reduced (~-1% of gdp) government tax receipts.
in the aftermath of the devastating 2008 sichuan earthquake, tzu chi sent food, blankets and medical aid to survivors, while volunteers in china set out for the disaster zone.	in the aftermath of the 2008 sichuan earthquake, tzu chi sent food, blankets and medical aid to survivors, while volunteers in china set out for the disaster zone.
august 25, 2005: sheehan states that she will continue her campaign against the iraq war even if granted a second meeting with the president, and announces plans to lead a national bus tour to washington, d.c., which will leave on september 1 and arrive in washington on september 24 for three massive days of action against the war.	august 25, 2005: sheehan states that she will continue her campaign against the iraq war even if granted a second meeting with the president, and announces plans to lead a national bus tour to washington, d.c., which will leave on september 1 and arrive in washington on september 24 for three days of action against the war.
amazing grace is a 1974 comedy film featuring actress/ comedienne moms mabley, playing the title role of grace teasdale grimes.	amazing grace is a 1974 comedy film featuring actress/ comedian moms mabley, playing the title role of grace teasdale grimes.
they added that they may consider reviewing the marital laws, although they admitted they were reluctant to change them in a way that would weaken their implementation for women.	they added that they may consider reviewing the marital laws, although they stated they were reluctant to change them in a way that would weaken their implementation for women.
christian ethical principles are based on the teachings within the holy bible.	christian ethical principles are based on the teachings within the bible.
the format was rarely purchased in north america due to the high cost of the players and discs, which were far more expensive than vhs decks and tapes, and due to marketplace confusion with the technologically inferior ced, which also went by the name videodisc.	the format was not widely purchased in north america due to the high cost of the players and discs, which were far more expensive than vhs decks and tapes, and due to marketplace confusion with the technologically inferior ced, which also went by the name videodisc.
the intense physical demand of motocross derives from the fact that the racer of the bike must keep complete control of a 200+ pound bike, while also maintaining his/her top speed throughout the race .	the intense physical demand of motocross derives from the fact that the racer of the bike must keep complete control of a 200+ pound bike, while also maintaining their top speed throughout the race .
many nro alumni have gone on to significant careers as soloists or members of major orchestras such as the new york philharmonic, louisiana philharmonic orchestra, philadelphia orchestra, boston symphony orchestra, cleveland orchestra, detroit symphony orchestra, and the metropolitan opera orchestra.	some nro alumni have gone on to significant careers as soloists or members of major orchestras such as the new york philharmonic, louisiana philharmonic orchestra, philadelphia orchestra, boston symphony orchestra, cleveland orchestra, detroit symphony orchestra, and the metropolitan opera orchestra.
notable people from cornwall, a county in south west england, are listed here.	this is a list of people from cornwall, a county in south west england, are listed here.
"miscellanea include the espionage title yellow claw, with sumptuous maneely, severin, and jack kirby art; the native american hero red warrior, with art by tom gill; the tom corbett, space cadet-like space squadron, written and drawn by future marvel production executive sol brodsky; and sports action, initially with true-life stories about the likes of george gipp and jackie robinson, and later with fictional ""rugged tales of danger and red-hot action!"""	"miscellanea include the espionage title yellow claw, with maneely, severin, and jack kirby art; the native american hero red warrior, with art by tom gill; the tom corbett, space cadet-like space squadron, written and drawn by future marvel production executive sol brodsky; and sports action, initially with true-life stories about the likes of george gipp and jackie robinson, and later with fictional ""rugged tales of danger and red-hot action!"""
on the twentieth anniversary of her passing , smithsonian folkways recording commemorated jackson with the album i sing because i'm happy, which includes interviews about her childhood conducted by jules scherwin.	on the twentieth anniversary of her death , smithsonian folkways recording commemorated jackson with the album i sing because i'm happy, which includes interviews about her childhood conducted by jules scherwin.
it remains one of the worst firearms atrocities in uk history.	it remains one of the greatest firearms atrocities in uk history.
first appearing in amazing fantasy #15 (aug. 1962), he has become one of the world's most boring superheroes.	first appearing in amazing fantasy #15 (aug. 1962), he has become one of the world's most popular, enduring, and recognizable superheroes.
in view of his pioneering work and contributions towards the development of islamic economics as an academic discipline, he was awarded the first islamic development bank award for economics in 1988. he was awarded king faisal prize for service to islam in 1990. it was in 1998 that he was awarded the prestigious la-riba prize in islamic finance by american finance house.	in view of his work and contributions towards the development of islamic economics as an academic discipline, he was awarded the first islamic development bank award for economics in 1988. he was awarded king faisal prize for service to islam in 1990. it was in 1998 that he was awarded the prestigious la-riba prize in islamic finance by american finance house.
after an intensive forensic investigation of his 14 computers over a four-month period, the police confirmed that they had not found any child pornography on any of his computers.	after an intensive forensic investigation of his 14 computers over a four-month period, the police confirmed that they had not found child pornography on any of his computers.
ernie steeves has been the unabated morning drive host at cjmo since 1992. previously he was at cfqm (1982-1984), cham, cfdr, and ckcw.	ernie steeves has been the morning drive host at cjmo since 1992. previously he was at cfqm (1982-1984), cham, cfdr, and ckcw.
this usage is seen by some protestant christians as stripping the laity of its rightful priestly status, while those who use the term defend its usage by saying that, while they do believe in the priesthood (greek hiereus - a different word altogether, used in rev 1:6, 1 pet 2:9) of all believers, they do not believe in the eldership of all believers.	this usage is seen by some protestant christians as stripping the laity of its priestly status, while those who use the term defend its usage by saying that, while they do believe in the priesthood (greek hiereus - a different word altogether, used in rev 1:6, 1 pet 2:9) of all believers, they do not believe in the eldership of all believers.
"he criticized the lack of reverence, stating ""if we err by thinking we are the center of the liturgy, the mass will lead to a loss of faith."""	"he criticized a perceived lack of reverence, stating ""if we err by thinking we are the center of the liturgy, the mass will lead to a loss of faith."""
one poet enormously influenced by edmund spenser was john milton, author of paradise lost, and john keats.	one poet influenced by edmund spenser was john milton, author of paradise lost, and john keats.
"pressed repeatedly about some of martin's previous virulent anti-semitic remarks, hannity denounced martin's past statements as ""despicable""."	"pressed repeatedly about some of martin's previous anti-semitic remarks, hannity denounced martin's past statements as ""despicable""."
the pileated woodpecker (dryocopus pileatus) is a small woodpecker native to north america.	the pileated woodpecker (dryocopus pileatus) is a woodpecker native to north america.
it featured canadian rapper k-os and appeared as a bonus track on their collection singles 93-03. a notable video directed by joseph kahn, featuring a digitally enhanced version of an old kung-fu-action-movie (two champions of shaolin) accompanied this song.	it featured canadian rapper k-os and appeared as a bonus track on their collection singles 93-03. a video directed by joseph kahn, featuring a digitally enhanced version of an old kung-fu-action-movie (two champions of shaolin) accompanied this song.
at the council of jerusalem in 50 it was confirmed that gentiles could be accepted as christians without full adherence to the mosaic laws.	at the council of jerusalem in 50 it was decreed that gentiles could be accepted as christians without full adherence to the mosaic laws.
newark academy is located on a beautiful 68-acre campus in northern new jersey.	newark academy is located on a 68-acre campus in northern new jersey.
four trojans have won the prestigious james e. sullivan award as the top amateur athlete in america: diver sammy lee (1953), shot putter parry obrien (1959), swimmer john naber (1977) and swimmer janet evans (1989).	four trojans have won the james e. sullivan award as the top amateur athlete in america: diver sammy lee (1953), shot putter parry obrien (1959), swimmer john naber (1977) and swimmer janet evans (1989).
after making emotional pleas in 1994 on the 700 club for cash donations to operation blessing to support airlifts of refugees from rwanda to zaire, a reporter from the virginian-pilot claimed that operation blessing's planes were transporting diamond-mining equipment for the robertson-owned african development corporation, a venture robertson had established in cooperation with zaire's dictator, mobutu sese seko, whom robertson had befriended earlier in 1993. according to operation blessing documents, robertson personally owned the planes used for operation blessing airlifts.	after making emotional pleas in 1994 on the 700 club for cash donations to operation blessing to support airlifts of refugees from rwanda to zaire, a reporter from the virginian-pilot stated that operation blessing's planes were transporting diamond-mining equipment for the robertson-owned african development corporation, a venture robertson had established in cooperation with zaire's dictator, mobutu sese seko, whom robertson had befriended earlier in 1993. according to operation blessing documents, robertson personally owned the planes used for operation blessing airlifts.
in 1968 grenoble welcomed the xth olympic winter games.	in 1968 grenoble hosted the xth olympic winter games.
in countries such as france, south africa and the united kingdom, a pair of permanents magnets beside the rails at either side of the neutral section operate a bogie-mounted transducer on the train which causes a large electrical circuit-breaker to open and close when the locomotive or the pantograph vehicle of a multiple unit passes over them.	in countries such as france, south africa and the united kingdom, a pair of permanent magnets beside the rails at either side of the neutral section operate a bogie-mounted transducer on the train which causes a large electrical circuit-breaker to open and close when the locomotive or the pantograph vehicle of a multiple unit passes over them.
a number of activists and political action committees object to lieberman on a variety of issues including lieberman's ; lack of support for rape victims and reproductive rights and his hawkish stance in iraq, which led to several anti-war activists and groups, along with opponents of other lieberman actions, calling for a candidate without such perceived flaws to be recruited to run in the 2006 democratic primary election.	a number of activists and political action committees object to lieberman on a variety of issues including lieberman's ; lack of support for rape victims and reproductive rights and his stance in iraq, which led to several anti-war activists and groups, along with opponents of other lieberman actions, calling for a candidate without such perceived flaws to be recruited to run in the 2006 democratic primary election.
he graduated from new york university's prestigious mfa program in acting in 1998.	he graduated from new york university's mfa program in acting in 1998.
among the significant changes: the earlier film was set in the year it was released (1933) whereas house of wax was moved back to circa 1902; the entire newspaper angle and the characters played by glenda farrell and frank mchugh were eliminated; and while the masked figure was only seen sparingly in mystery, making his identity a bit of a puzzle, he is shown early and often in this remake, leaving no doubt that it is indeed the sculptor.	among the significant changes: the earlier film was set in the year it was released (1933) whereas house of wax was moved back to circa 1902; the entire newspaper angle and the characters played by glenda farrell and frank mchugh were eliminated; and while the masked figure was only seen sparingly in mystery, making his identity a bit of a puzzle, he is shown early and often in this remake, leaving little doubt that it is indeed the sculptor.
during the boxer rebellion of 1900, the arsenal supplied the boxers with more than 3000 rifles and 1 million rounds of ammunition.	during the boxer uprising of 1900, the arsenal supplied the boxers with more than 3000 rifles and 1 million rounds of ammunition.
from te poi, it is just 35 minutes to tauranga with great coastal beaches, fishing and sailing, 35 minutes to rotorua (a major tourist town) and thermal areas, one hour to hamilton with international airport and full tertiary education facilities, two hours to skiing at mount ruapehu on the central plateau and two hours to auckland and big city life.	from te poi, it is 35 minutes to tauranga with great coastal beaches, fishing and sailing, 35 minutes to rotorua (a major tourist town) and thermal areas, one hour to hamilton with international airport and full tertiary education facilities, two hours to skiing at mount ruapehu on the central plateau and two hours to auckland and big city life.
the ellen degeneres show (often shortened to ellen and stylized as ellen) is an american television comedy talk show hosted by comedienne /actress ellen degeneres.	the ellen degeneres show (often shortened to ellen and stylized as ellen) is an american television comedy talk show hosted by comedian /actress ellen degeneres.
vail bloom (born november 13, 1982) is an emmy-nominated actress best known for her role as heather stevens on the young and the restless.	vail bloom (born november 13, 1982) is an american actress best known for her role as heather stevens on the young and the restless.
there have been complaints about skype's poor customer support.	there have been complaints about skype's customer support.
in his discworld novel the last continent, terry pratchett explores a fictional continent that is reminiscent of our australia.	in his discworld novel the last continent, terry pratchett explores a fictional continent that is reminiscent of australia.
you were named 2006 person of the year by time magazine.	you has been named 2006 person of the year by time magazine .
smirkus hosts a robust summer camp program.	smirkus hosts a summer camp program.
the asian college of journalism (acj) in chennai, india is a premier journalism school which offers postgraduate courses in journalism.	the asian college of journalism (acj) in chennai, india is a journalism school which offers postgraduate courses in journalism.
she dreams of a becoming a comedienne , and works as a gopher for a small, struggling theater company called frog troupe.	she dreams of a becoming a comedian , and works as a gopher for a small, struggling theater company called frog troupe.
he had cooperated with the croatian fascist movement ustae.	he had cooperated with the croatian liberation movement ustae.
tragically , in the early hours of april 11, 2006, proof was actually shot and killed at the cc nightclub on detroit's 8 mile road.	later , in the early hours of april 11, 2006, proof was actually shot and killed at the cc nightclub on detroit's 8 mile road.
notable contributors to spin have included:	contributors to spin have included:
was a questionable reality television show on fx.	was a reality television show on fx.
ward finally scored his first goal for crystal palace in a 31 home win against queens park rangers on 14 march 2015.	ward scored his first goal for crystal palace in a 31 home win against queens park rangers on 14 march 2015.
gibraltar airport has the accolade of being the closest international airport to the city that it serves, being only 500 metres from gibraltar's city centre.	gibraltar airport has the distinction of being the closest international airport to the city that it serves, being only 500 metres from gibraltar's city centre.
on june 30, 1997, he became the first american league pitcher to hit a home run since roric harrison on october 3, 1972. his blast was hit off of ismael valdes of the los angeles dodgers in an interleague contest in the top of the sixth inning.	on june 30, 1997, he became the first american league pitcher to hit a home run since roric harrison on october 3, 1972. his home run was hit off of ismael valdes of the los angeles dodgers in an interleague contest in the top of the sixth inning.
about a billion hours ago, modern men and their ancestors were living in the stone age (more precisely, the middle paleolithic).	about a billion hours ago, modern human beings and their ancestors were living in the stone age (more precisely, the middle paleolithic).
"lady rizo (aka amelia zirin-brown) is an american comedienne and chanteuse, who began performing in new york in 2004. in 2005, she co-created the cult caburlesque show ""lady rizo and the assettes"" with her close friend and long time mark morris dance group dancer, amber star merkens."	"lady rizo (aka amelia zirin-brown) is an american comedian and chanteuse, who began performing in new york in 2004. in 2005, she co-created the cult caburlesque show ""lady rizo and the assettes"" with her close friend and long time mark morris dance group dancer, amber star merkens."
warlock is the eighteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	warlock is the eighteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
there is a myth that mahir may have been among the inspirations for british comedian sacha baron cohen to create the character borat sagdiyev, a fake reporter for kazakh television, as seen on da ali g show.	there is a rumour that mahir may have been among the inspirations for british comedian sacha baron cohen to create the character borat sagdiyev, a fake reporter for kazakh television, as seen on da ali g show.
known for his efficiently-designed and planned housing developments, he included about 1,100 single-family houses on cozy curvilinear streets amid schools, parks, stores and places of worship.	known for his efficiently-designed and planned housing developments, he included about 1,100 single-family houses on curvilinear streets amid schools, parks, stores and places of worship.
she is best known for her role as 'young amanda collier' in the 2014 film the best of me.	she is known for her role as 'young amanda collier' in the 2014 film the best of me.
the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of suicide attacks against the united states conducted on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with osama bin laden and al-qaeda, a loose network of sunni islamist terrorists, simultaneously hijacked four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of suicide attacks in the united states conducted on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with osama bin laden and al-qaeda, a loose network of sunni islamist terrorists, simultaneously hijacked four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.
parks is best known for his collaborations with musician brian wilson and for his contributions as lyricist to the beach boys' smile project.	parks is known for his collaborations with musician brian wilson and for his contributions as lyricist to the beach boys' smile project.
the turkish cypriots use it as the capital of the area known as the turkish republic of northern cyprus, which is a state hypocritically not recognized by any country in the world, except turkey.	the turkish cypriots use it as the capital of the area known as the turkish republic of northern cyprus, which is a state not recognized by any country in the world, except turkey.
in july 2011, jasper controversially suggested there were similarities between the extremist anders behring breivik and mayor of london boris johnson.	in july 2011, jasper suggested there were similarities between the extremist anders behring breivik and mayor of london boris johnson.
it even appears in microsoft's cmd.exe under windows, albeit only as part of the for command.	it appears in microsoft's cmd.exe under windows, albeit only as part of the for command.
maimonides, respected jewish philosopher.	maimonides, jewish philosopher.
they stated that they will not abandon the place until figures of the new cabinet who had served in gaddafi governments were dismissed .	they stated that they will not abandon the place until figures of the new cabinet who had served in jamahiriya governments were dismissed .
within christianity, the catholic doctrine of the trinity states that god is a single being who exists, simultaneously and eternally, as a communion of three persons: the father, the son (the eternal logos, incarnate as jesus of nazareth), and the holy spirit.	within christianity, the doctrine of the trinity states that god is a single being who exists, simultaneously and eternally, as a communion of three persons: the father, the son (the eternal logos, incarnate as jesus of nazareth), and the holy spirit.
after disbanding uncle tupelo in 1994, farrar formed the rock group son volt, whose original lineup released three albums in the late 1990s before undergoing a hiatus in 1999. in 2005, the band re-formed with a different lineup and has since (as of may 2009) released four additional albums.	after the dissolution of uncle tupelo in 1994, farrar formed the rock group son volt, whose original lineup released three albums in the late 1990s before undergoing a hiatus in 1999. in 2005, the band re-formed with a different lineup and has since (as of may 2009) released four additional albums.
much like the e-diff and the manettino, the launch control is a technology borrowed from ferrari's legendary formula 1 racing program.	much like the e-diff and the manettino, the launch control is a technology borrowed from ferrari's formula 1 racing program.
"silver age sentinels featured an original game world heavily inspired by classic ""four-color"" dc and marvel comic book series, updated to modern political and moral sensibilities."	"silver age sentinels featured an original game world inspired by classic ""four-color"" dc and marvel comic book series, updated to modern political and moral sensibilities."
some critics interpret this speech as a declaration of divinity.	some interpret this speech as a declaration of divinity.
maulana syed safdar hussain najafi was a great scholar and leader of islam.	maulana syed safdar hussain najafi was a scholar and leader of islam.
"unlike the web version it is colorized before printing (in addition to being translated)- and the daily ""slogan"" is cropped."	"unlike the web version it is colored before printing (in addition to being translated)- and the daily ""slogan"" is cropped."
dave lee also wrote the theme tune to the 1963 tv series take four, a programme made by ar-tv, and incidental music for the cult tv series adam adamant lives!	dave lee also wrote the theme tune to the 1963 tv series take four, a programme made by ar-tv, and incidental music for the tv series adam adamant lives!
john richard coy (born august 9, 1958) is an award-winning american children's and young adult author.	john richard coy (born august 9, 1958) is an american children's and young adult author.
fortunately , he yielded to the persuasion of sir william jackson hooker, john lindley and other scientific friends.	however , he yielded to the persuasion of sir william jackson hooker, john lindley and other scientific friends.
in 1986, he produced all-star benefit shows at the vine street bar and grill that raised money to obtain a star on the hollywood walk of fame for billie holiday, as well as a headstone for singer esther phillips, who had been a regular performer at the club prior to her passing .	in 1986, he produced all-star benefit shows at the vine street bar and grill that raised money to obtain a star on the hollywood walk of fame for billie holiday, as well as a headstone for singer esther phillips, who had been a regular performer at the club prior to her death .
... that the ouster of cuban communist party leader anibal escalante in 1962 may have been a factor in the cuban missile crisis?	... that the ousting of cuban communist party leader anibal escalante in 1962 may have been a factor in the cuban missile crisis?
even if no physical intimacy occurs, the deception clearly shows that those involved believe they are doing something wrong that undermines the existing relationship.	even if no physical intimacy occurs, the deception shows that those involved believe they are doing something wrong that undermines the existing relationship.
wlu was presumed to be the third canadian (public) post-secondary institution to consider such drastic measures, after carleton and acadia.	wlu was presumed to be the third canadian (public) post-secondary institution to consider such measures, after carleton and acadia.
a leading liberal, lewis played a major role in helping franklin d. roosevelt win a landslide in 1936, but as an isolationist supported by communist elements in the cio lewis broke with roosevelt in 1940 on anti-nazi foreign policy (at the time germany and the soviet unions were allies ).	a leading liberal, lewis played a major role in helping franklin d. roosevelt win a landslide in 1936, but as an isolationist supported by communist elements in the cio lewis broke with roosevelt in 1940 on anti-nazi foreign policy (at the time germany and the soviet unions were neutral ).
this absurd royalty led to speculation on the desire of mit and adl to see macsyma prosper.	this royalty led to speculation on the desire of mit and adl to see macsyma prosper.
"disillusioned by the ""american dream"", he entered and won a prize in the famous 1931 palace of the soviets competition, switching formal idioms once more, now to a radical modernism influenced by constructivism."	"disillusioned by the ""american dream"", he entered and won a prize in the 1931 palace of the soviets competition, switching formal idioms once more, now to a radical modernism influenced by constructivism."
two troops were sent to watch for the approach of ottoman reinforcements; one north towards khan yunis and one eastwards in the direction of shellal.	two troops were sent to watch for the approach of enemy reinforcements; one north towards khan yunis and one eastwards in the direction of shellal.
"r v collins 1973 qb 100 is a notorious case decided by the court of appeal of england and wales which examined the meaning of ""enters as a trespasser"" in the definition of burglary."	"r v collins 1973 qb 100 is a case decided by the court of appeal of england and wales which examined the meaning of ""enters as a trespasser"" in the definition of burglary."
he served proudly with them until his death.	he served with them until his death.
it was a tragic milestone in rock history known as the day the music died.	it was a milestone in rock history known as the day the music died.
it was designated as a science specialist school in 2003. in 2007, the lea announced that it would charge all of those who travel to de lisle on school buses as it was judged that catholic children should not be entitled to free travel outwith the catchment area of their locals schools, at great taxpayers expense, for the purpose of attending a specialised faith school.	it was designated as a science specialist school in 2003. in 2007, the lea announced that it would charge all of those who travel to de lisle on school buses as it was judged that catholic children should not be entitled to free travel outwith the catchment area of their locals schools, at taxpayers expense, for the purpose of attending a specialised faith school.
by the 41st century, mankind had established a colonising presence on mars, as the space security agent bret vyon claimed to have been born in its colony 16. in the far future, under the influence and control of the usurians, a colony of humans temporarily moved to mars, then on to pluto after the depleting of earth's natural resources.	by the 41st century, humankind had established a colonising presence on mars, as the space security agent bret vyon claimed to have been born in its colony 16. in the far future, under the influence and control of the usurians, a colony of humans temporarily moved to mars, then on to pluto after the depleting of earth's natural resources.
"landmark education's charter claims that the organization is ""a global enterprise whose purpose is to empower and enable people and organizations to generate and fulfill new possibilities."	"landmark education's charter states that the organization is ""a global enterprise whose purpose is to empower and enable people and organizations to generate and fulfill new possibilities."
marion jones, also known as marion jones-thompson (born october 12, 1975 in los angeles, california), is a disgraced former american athlete in track and field.	marion jones, also known as marion jones-thompson (born october 12, 1975 in los angeles, california), is a former american athlete in track and field.
always kind to animals and children, liberace incorporated them into his shows and helped talented youth through his liberace foundation, whose good works still continue.	always kind to animals and children, liberace incorporated them into his shows and helped talented youth through his liberace foundation, whose works still continue.
kaplan and other for-profit education companies have recently come under close scrutiny from the u.s. congress due to concerns that the industry leaves too many students with heavy debts, and with credentials that are of little help finding jobs.	kaplan and other for-profit education companies have recently come under scrutiny from the u.s. congress due to concerns that the industry leaves too many students with heavy debts, and with credentials that are of little help finding jobs.
"tedbury (c.1780, botany bay-1810, parramatta) (also ""tidbury"", ""tjedboro"") was an aboriginal australian involved in frequent disturbances to british colonists in the early years of new south wales."	"tedbury (c.1780, botany bay-1810, parramatta) (also ""tidbury"", ""tjedboro"") was an aboriginal australian involved in frequent acts of resistance to british colonists in the early years of new south wales."
branagh was nominated for a screen actors guild award for his performance, although in the outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role category .	branagh was nominated for a screen actors guild award for his performance, in the outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role category .
at a time when polyphonic synthesizers were non-existent, joe overdubbed multiple parts to create a texture of sound that was quite progressive for the early 1970s.	at a time when polyphonic synthesizers were non-existent, joe overdubbed multiple parts to create a texture of sound that was progressive for the early 1970s.
after his suspicious death, which was claimed to be suicide by the authorities, investigator luigi calabresi — falsely accused of being the murderer — came under violent criticism from the left; he would eventually be murdered two and a half years later.nobel prize laureate dario fo wrote a piece on pinelli's death, accidental death of an anarchist.	after his suspicious death, which was claimed to be suicide by the authorities, investigator luigi calabresi — accused of being the murderer — came under violent criticism from the left; he would eventually be murdered two and a half years later.nobel prize laureate dario fo wrote a piece on pinelli's death, accidental death of an anarchist.
campbell presented the british version (produced by scottish television for the itv network) of wheel of fortune from 1988 to 1996, and presented top of the pops regularly from 1988 to 1991 and again from 1994 to 1997. in the 1990s campbell fronted the legendary regional discussion series central weekend on central television in the english midlands and carlton live in london with richard littlejohn and then andrew neil.	campbell presented the british version (produced by scottish television for the itv network) of wheel of fortune from 1988 to 1996, and presented top of the pops regularly from 1988 to 1991 and again from 1994 to 1997. in the 1990s campbell fronted the regional discussion series central weekend on central television in the english midlands and carlton live in london with richard littlejohn and then andrew neil.
freisler was particularly known for cowardly humiliating defendants and barking loudly at them.	freisler was particularly known for humiliating defendants and barking loudly at them.
chesterton's views, on the other hand, became increasingly more polarized towards the church.	chesterton's views, on the other hand, became increasingly more focused towards the church.
"alice waters, proprietor of the chez panisse, was a victim of some of these protests and called them an ""outrage"" and that the dxe protestors ""need to do their homework"" ."	"alice waters, proprietor of the chez panisse, was a target of some of these protests and called them an ""outrage"" and that the dxe protestors ""need to do their homework"" ."
(est) on 8 december 1980, crazed gunman mark david chapman shot lennon in the back four times in the archway of the dakota as lennon and ono returned to their manhattan apartment from the record plant.	(est) on 8 december 1980, gunman mark david chapman shot lennon in the back four times in the archway of the dakota as lennon and ono returned to their manhattan apartment from the record plant.
(born 23 july 1953) is an american actress, writer, novelist, comedienne , blogger and talk-radio host.	(born 23 july 1953) is an american actress, writer, novelist, comedian , blogger and talk-radio host.
the novel makes a number of incorrect statements concerning history with negative implications for the christian church.	the novel makes a number of controversial statements concerning history with negative implications for the christian church.
although sinn fin, the largest militant irish republican political party, did not organise a protest and said that the march should be allowed to go ahead, republican sinn fin, a more radical group which broke away from sinn fin in 1986, had an organised presence.	although sinn fin, the largest irish republican political party, did not organise a protest and said that the march should be allowed to go ahead, republican sinn fin, a more radical group which broke away from sinn fin in 1986, had an organised presence.
the song could be viewed as an act of subterfuge, since to the non-hawaiian speaking listeners the lively melody gives no hint of the anger of the lyrics.	the song could be viewed as an act of subterfuge, since to the non-hawaiian speaking listeners the lively melody gives no hint of the political intensity of the lyrics.
he has also made a remarkable contribution to the holy shrine of ali ibn abi talib , the first shia imam and fourth sunni caliph.	he has also made a contribution to the holy shrine of ali ibn abi talib , the first shia imam and fourth sunni caliph.
"one infamous example is his tweet on january 2, 2018, when he stated that his ""nuclear button"" was ""much bigger & more powerful"" than kim jong un's, following a fox news segment about jong un's ""nuclear button"" minutes before."	"one well known example is his tweet on january 2, 2018, when he stated that his ""nuclear button"" was ""much bigger & more powerful"" than kim jong un's, following a fox news segment about jong un's ""nuclear button"" minutes before."
clark won the first race of the 1968 season, the south african grand prix and the tasman series in australia, but was tragically killed in an f2 race at hockenheim.	clark won the first race of the 1968 season, the south african grand prix and the tasman series in australia, but was killed in an f2 race at hockenheim.
born: louise duart, american comedienne and voice impersonator, in quincy, massachusetts	born: louise duart, american comedian and voice impersonator, in quincy, massachusetts
bratman describes orthorexia as an unhealthy obsession with what the health-conscious sufferer considers to be healthy eating.	bratman describes orthorexia as an unhealthy obsession with what the health-conscious individuals considers to be healthy eating.
in addition to research, the heartland institute features an internet application called policybot which serves as a clearinghouse for research from other conservative think tanks such as the heritage foundation, the american legislative exchange council, and libertarian organization the cato institute.	in addition to research, the heartland institute features an internet application called policybot which serves as a clearinghouse for research from other think tanks such as the heritage foundation, the american legislative exchange council, and libertarian organization the cato institute.
"a unique opportunity was created when bart expanded down the peninsula to create a ""linear park"" on the swath of unimproved land on top of the tube."	"a unique opportunity was created when bart expanded down the peninsula to create a ""linear park"" on the swath of undeveloped land on top of the tube."
he was allowed to keep the tainted medal after a lab mix-up spoiled the backup blood sample.	he was allowed to keep the medal after a lab mix-up spoiled the backup blood sample.
"from their infamous method of killing their victims has come the word ""burking"", meaning to purposefully smother and compress the chest of a victim, and a derived meaning, to quietly suppress."	"from their method of killing their victims has come the word ""burking"", meaning to purposefully smother and compress the chest of a victim, and a derived meaning, to quietly suppress."
adolfo domnguez fernndez is a top spanish fashion designer.	adolfo domnguez fernndez is a spanish fashion designer.
rooney's personal life has also often been marred by accusations from the press surrounding his illicit relationships with mature prostitutes.	rooney's personal life has also often been marred by accusations from the press surrounding his relationships with mature prostitutes.
"the ebionites (from hebrew; ebyonim, ""the poor ones"") were a sect of early hebrew followers of jesus and john the baptizer, one of several ancient ""jewish christian"" groups that existed in palestine during the early centuries of the common era."	"the ebionites (from hebrew; ebyonim, ""the poor ones"") were a sect of early hebrew followers of jesus and john the baptizer, one of several ancient ""jewish christian"" groups that existed in judaea during the early centuries of the common era."
while previously it had been recognized that gimp had extensive capabilities, few noteworthy reviewers have cited gimp as a tool used in professional environments.	while previously it had been recognized that gimp had extensive capabilities, few reviewers have cited gimp as a tool used in professional environments.
alt.sex.stories is a usenet newsgroup for distributing erotic stories.	alt.sex.stories is a usenet newsgroup for erotic stories.
in the late 20th century, the term person of color was introduced in the united states in order to counter the condescension implied by the terms non-white and minority, and racial justice activists in the u.s., influenced by radical theorists such as frantz fanon, popularized it at this time.	in the late 20th century, the term person of color was introduced in the united states in order to counter the condescension implied by the terms non-white and minority, and racial justice activists in the u.s., influenced by theorists such as frantz fanon, popularized it at this time.
already financially strained by the production costs of cleopatra, starring elizabeth taylor, fox dropped monroe from the film and replaced her with lee remick.	financially strained by the production costs of cleopatra, starring elizabeth taylor, fox dropped monroe from the film and replaced her with lee remick.
the space battle between the rebel and imperial fleets, and the starfighter attack on the death star, were very well-regarded by critics.	the space battle between the rebel and imperial fleets, and the starfighter attack on the death star, were well-regarded by critics.
michael was tragically killed at the cliff walks in newport, ri.	michael was killed at the cliff walks in newport, ri.
spongebob squarepants is the funfilled main character of the nickelodeon animated series spongebob squarepants.	spongebob squarepants is the main character of the nickelodeon animated series spongebob squarepants.
nottingham trent university (ntu) is a brilliant university in nottingham, england.	nottingham trent university (ntu) is a university in nottingham, england.
during the great uprising (1936-1939) of the arabs in palestine, in which more than 320 jews were killed in arab attacks, the irgun in turn carried out numerous attacks against arabs, which are believed to have killed at least 250. irgun's tactics, which included bus and marketplace bombings, were condemned by both the british mandate authorities and the mainstream zionist leadership, the jewish agency.	during the great uprising (1936-1939) of the arabs in palestine, in which more than 320 jews were killed in arab attacks, the irgun in turn carried out attacks against arabs, which are believed to have killed at least 250. irgun's tactics, which included bus and marketplace bombings, were condemned by both the british mandate authorities and the mainstream zionist leadership, the jewish agency.
later he became known as a leading apologist for the capitalist system.	later he became known as a leading supporter for the capitalist system.
the nolan chart has been reoriented and visually represented in many forms since david nolan first created it, and has been the inspiration for an endless array of political self-quizzes, perhaps the most famous of these being the world's smallest political quiz, which places one on the diamond chart.	the nolan chart has been reoriented and visually represented in many forms since david nolan first created it, and has been the inspiration for an array of political self-quizzes, perhaps the most famous of these being the world's smallest political quiz, which places one on the diamond chart.
reflecting the group's southern roots, many blue dogs are strong supporters of gun rights and receive high ratings from the national rifle association, some have anti- choice voting records, and some get high ratings from immigration reduction groups.	reflecting the group's southern roots, many blue dogs are strong supporters of gun rights and receive high ratings from the national rifle association, some have anti- abortion voting records, and some get high ratings from immigration reduction groups.
"the song is a beautiful sufi song called ""saaiyaan"" .it is not just a song, but a story of a girl that she is narrating in verses throughout the show."	"the song is a sufi song called ""saaiyaan"" .it is not just a song, but a story of a girl that she is narrating in verses throughout the show."
his victims are identified as john g. nutting, 60, and judith fleming, 55. the tragedy occurred at an albertson's supermarket.	his victims are identified as john g. nutting, 60, and judith fleming, 55. the event occurred at an albertson's supermarket.
it culminates with the battle of the little bighorn, the murders of sitting bull and crazy horse, and the slaughter of sioux prisoners at wounded knee, south dakota that is generally considered the end of the indian wars.	it culminates with the battle of the little bighorn, the deaths of sitting bull and crazy horse, and the slaughter of sioux prisoners at wounded knee, south dakota that is generally considered the end of the indian wars.
the church of scotland faced the issue at its 2009 general assembly.	the church of scotland discussed the issue at its 2009 general assembly.
he took part in negotiations with the federal and provincial governments during 2004, which resulted in one billion dollars in additional funding being allocated for the cash-strapped ttc over five years.	he took part in negotiations with the federal and provincial governments during 2004, which resulted in one billion dollars in additional funding being allocated for the ttc over five years.
"economic expansion does not equal imperialism.."" he explains that ""the united states has always made money for its partners."	"economic expansion does not equal imperialism.."" he states that ""the united states has always made money for its partners."
for working adults who desire to pursue their education on part-time basis, they can study at universiti terbuka malaysia (oum) while for those who wish to obtain prestigious academic diploma, they can enroll for university of malaya center for continuing education (umcced) at kolej sinar.	for working adults who desire to pursue their education on part-time basis, they can study at universiti terbuka malaysia (oum) while for those who wish to obtain an academic diploma, they can enroll for university of malaya center for continuing education (umcced) at kolej sinar.
courageous employee robert tinker of the grand pier were later praised by the fire service as he braved the extreme intensity of the heat from the flames to rush around the side of the building to remove gas canisters which had been stored within the premises, had these not been removed the fire service claim that the fire could have been much, much worse and with the possibility of evacuation of local residents and traders.	employee robert tinker of the grand pier were later praised by the fire service as he braved the extreme intensity of the heat from the flames to rush around the side of the building to remove gas canisters which had been stored within the premises, had these not been removed the fire service claim that the fire could have been much, much worse and with the possibility of evacuation of local residents and traders.
"gregorian ""grieg"" bivolaru (born 12 march 1952) is a controversial founder of movement for spiritual integration into the absolute, a so-called yoga organization."	"gregorian ""grieg"" bivolaru (born 12 march 1952) is a controversial founder of movement for spiritual integration into the absolute, a yoga organization."
in the lead up to the conference the great guys of europe mobilized their forces for the first time since world war i. many thought war was inevitable and that a peace that would satisfy everyone would be impossible.	in the lead up to the conference the great powers of europe mobilized their forces for the first time since world war i. many thought war was inevitable and that a peace that would satisfy everyone would be impossible.
it changed the state constitution to restrict the definition of marriage to opposite-sex couples and eliminated same-sex couples' right to marry, thereby overriding portions of the ruling of in re marriage cases.	it changed the state constitution to restrict the definition of marriage to opposite-sex couples and eliminated same-sex couples' ability to marry, thereby overriding portions of the ruling of in re marriage cases.
two days later, he died at the age of only 34.	two days later, he died at the age of 34.
"in may 2007, chanticleer will release ""and on earth, peace: a chanticleer mass"" (warner classics) a new mass written by five dynamic contemporary composers."	"in may 2007, chanticleer will release ""and on earth, peace: a chanticleer mass"" (warner classics) a new mass written by five contemporary composers."
"the popular form of the expression is a corruption of a line in william shakespeare's play, the merchant of venice, which employs a 17th century synonym for ""glitters"", ""glisters""."	"the popular form of the expression is a derivative of a line in william shakespeare's play, the merchant of venice, which employs a 17th century synonym for ""glitters"", ""glisters""."
easa saleh al gurg cbe, ambassador of the united arab emirates to the court of st. james (uk) and the republic of ireland, founded the easa saleh al gurg group in 1960 after gaining extensive experience in banking and finance.	easa saleh al gurg cbe, ambassador of the united arab emirates to the court of st. james (uk) and the republic of ireland, founded the easa saleh al gurg group in 1960 after gaining experience in banking and finance.
in his lackluster career, he amassed 91 runs scored, 82 runs batted in and a .252 batting average over 289 games.	in his career, he amassed 91 runs scored, 82 runs batted in and a .252 batting average over 289 games.
the palestinian economy refers to the economy of the palestinian occupied territories, including the west bank, east jerusalem and the gaza strip.	the palestinian economy refers to the economy of the palestinian territories palestinian populated territories, including the west bank, east jerusalem and the gaza strip.
a group of three conservative evangelical theologians responded to chalke with their book, pierced for our transgressions (inter-varsity press, 2007), which strongly criticises chalke's position as inconsistent with evangelical -fundamentalist confessions of faith.	a group of three conservative evangelical theologians responded to chalke with their book, pierced for our transgressions (inter-varsity press, 2007), which strongly criticises chalke's position as inconsistent with evangelical confessions of faith.
leading researcher of orangutans birut galdikas presenting her book on the species	researcher of orangutans birut galdikas presenting her book on the species
trident v (ie7) (due out in beta form along with ie7, claims to fix many css rendering issues and add png alpha support)	trident v (ie7) (due out in beta form along with ie7, this is planed to fix many css rendering issues and add png alpha support)
robert giroux (april 8, 1914 september 5, 2008) was an influential american book editor and publisher.	robert giroux (april 8, 1914 september 5, 2008) was an american book editor and publisher.
carolyn murphy (born on august 11, 1975) is an american supermodel .	carolyn murphy (born on august 11, 1975) is an american model .
after releasing family drama old mac and a potboiler mystery called out of the shadow in 1961, winner brushed with gilbert and sullivan, writing the screenplay and directing a version of the mikado titled the cool mikado (1962), starring frankie howerd which was produced by harold baim.	after releasing family drama old mac and a mystery called out of the shadow in 1961, winner brushed with gilbert and sullivan, writing the screenplay and directing a version of the mikado titled the cool mikado (1962), starring frankie howerd which was produced by harold baim.
fisher and her mother appear in bright lights: starring carrie fisher and debbie reynolds, a 2016 documentary about the very close relationship between the two.	fisher and her mother appear in bright lights: starring carrie fisher and debbie reynolds , a 2016 documentary about the close relationship between the two.
the largest mall in the state , university mall features over 70 stores and a food court.	the largest mall in the state , university mall contains over 70 stores and a food court.
alleged antisemitic views	antisemitic views
it was at its height in central and eastern europe, which had more than seven million jews in 1939. about five million jews were killed there, including three million in occupied poland, and over one million in the soviet union.	it was at its worst in central and eastern europe, which had more than seven million jews in 1939. about five million jews were killed there, including three million in occupied poland, and over one million in the soviet union.
in the united states, the national institute of ayurvedic medicine (established by scott gerson) is an example of a research institute that has made modern scientific progress in ayurvedic practices .	in the united states, the national institute of ayurvedic medicine (established by scott gerson) is an example of a research institute that claims to have made modern scientific progress in ayurvedic practices.
numerous sensational accounts of shah jahan's personal life were recounted by contemporary european writers.	numerous accounts of shah jahan's personal life were recounted by contemporary european writers.
famous brentwood alumni include actor brothers fred and ben savage.	brentwood alumni include actor brothers fred and ben savage.
it continued to recognise the independence of these three states until surprisingly with the collapse of communism in the soviet union, these states once more came into being in fact, rather than just on paper.	it continued to recognise the independence of these three states until with the collapse of communism in the soviet union, these states once more came into being in fact, rather than just on paper.
from 1964 until her tragically early death she lived and worked in suffolk painting vigorous oils, watercolours and pastels, her beautiful aldeburgh paintings showing a rare sensuality and sensitivity.	from 1964 until her early death she lived and worked in suffolk painting vigorous oils, watercolours and pastels, her beautiful aldeburgh paintings showing a rare sensuality and sensitivity.
same-sex attachment disorder (ssad) is a term invented by richard cohen in an attempt to re-pathologize homosexuality as an emotional or mental disorder.	same-sex attachment disorder (ssad) is a term invented by richard cohen in an attempt to classify homosexuality as an emotional or mental disorder.
the christian institute (ci) is a british, right wing, fundamentalist evangelical christian pressure group.	the christian institute (ci) is a british, right wing, conservative evangelical christian pressure group.
in passing, it also provides intriguing biographical details about harold smith himself.	in passing, it also provides biographical details about harold smith himself.
bricken also made it clear that he understood that the transfer request was highly irregular, writing: you already understand that this is a training category g, pay group none, reserve section mm proposition.	bricken also made it clear that he understood that the transfer request was irregular, writing: you already understand that this is a training category g, pay group none, reserve section mm proposition.
other active projects include warmux or hedgewars, fully playable on many systems, including windows, gnu/ linux or mac os x.	other active projects include warmux or hedgewars, fully playable on many systems, including windows, linux or mac os x.
sadly they have not released any more material to date.	they have not released any more material to date.
on june 31, 2013, media research center president bozell appeared on fox news to defend a scandalous fox interview in which fox journalists conducted almost no research into the interviewee, reza aslan's, background and its hypothetical biases.	on june 31, 2013, media research center president bozell appeared on fox news to defend a fox interview in which fox journalists conducted almost no research into the interviewee, reza aslan's, background and its hypothetical biases.
beta has an optimum balance between compile-time type checking and run-time type checking.	beta aims to achieve an optimum balance between compile-time type checking and run-time type checking.
reason is a method of thinking characterized by logic, analysis, and synthesis.	reason is a way of thinking characterized by logic, analysis, and synthesis.
"hamas (, acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya, arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian terrorist organization established in 1987 during the first intifada, and started as an offshoot of the muslim brotherhood movement in egypt."	"hamas (, acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya, arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian organization established in 1987 during the first intifada, and started as an offshoot of the muslim brotherhood movement in egypt."
unfortunate example of farming right up to the river's edge.	example of farming right up to the river's edge.
when hinata drowned, her insane grandfather forced hotaru to become hinata, and made the village people think that it was hotaru that drowned.	when hinata drowned, her grandfather forced hotaru to become hinata, and made the village people think that it was hotaru that drowned.
friday september 30: jeff mangum performing the songs of neutral milk hotel, bonnie 'prince' billy, chavez, shellac, the album leaf, a hawk and a handsaw , cults, thinking fellers union local 282, factory floor, awesome tapes from africa djs and comedy from hannibal buress, reggie watts and rory scovel.	friday september 30: jeff mangum performing the songs of neutral milk hotel, bonnie 'prince' billy, chavez, shellac, the album leaf, a hawk and a hacksaw , cults, thinking fellers union local 282, factory floor, awesome tapes from africa djs and comedy from hannibal buress, reggie watts and rory scovel.
"clarence smith has highlighted an opposing view in the book ""islam and the abolition of slavery"", citing g.a."	"clarence smith has presents an opposing view in the book ""islam and the abolition of slavery"", citing g.a."
such carbon neutral and carbon negative fuels can be produced by the electrolysis of water to make hydrogen used in the sabatier reaction to produce methane which may then be stored to be burned later in power plants as synthetic natural gas, transported by pipeline, truck, or tanker ship, or be used in gas to liquids processes such as the fischertropsch process to make traditional transportation or heating fuels.	such carbon neutral and negative fuels can be produced by the electrolysis of water to make hydrogen used in the sabatier reaction to produce methane which may then be stored to be burned later in power plants as synthetic natural gas, transported by pipeline, truck, or tanker ship, or be used in gas to liquids processes such as the fischertropsch process to make traditional transportation or heating fuels.
however, the mpge formula for gasoline also ignores the fuel used to pump, refine and transport the gasoline to the gas station.	however, the mpge formula for gasoline also ignores the fuel used to pump, refine and transport the gasoline to the filling station .
homophobia in dancehall music	anti-homosexuality in dancehall music
other working titles for the book were behind the mask: the blooding of hannibal lecter, hannibal 4, hannibal iv, the lecter variations, the lecter variation: the story of young hannibal lecter, young hannibal, the adventures of young hannibal, and young hannibal: behind the mask wich was used in few translations.	other working titles for the book were behind the mask: the blooding of hannibal lecter, hannibal 4, hannibal iv, the lecter variations, the lecter variation: the story of young hannibal lecter, young hannibal, the adventures of young hannibal, and young hannibal: behind the mask which was used in few translations.
thanks to strong foreign investment and the cooperation between the former fujimori administration, the imf, and the world bank, growth was strong in 1994–97 and inflation was brought under control.	due to strong foreign investment and the cooperation between the former fujimori administration, the imf, and the world bank, growth was strong in 1994–97 and inflation was brought under control.
the article noted that the aafm included among its global board of academic advisors & professors several individuals who had never given their permission to be listed as board members.	the article noted that the aafm included among its global board of academic advisors & professors number of individuals who had never given their permission to be listed as board members.
four months later, after graphic discussions of oral and anal sex had led to numerous complaints from outraged readers, the column was discontinued.	four months later, after objectionable discussions of oral and anal sex had led to numerous complaints from outraged readers, the column was discontinued.
the city's mayor is knox white, who has served in that position since december 1995. with an estimated population of 67,453 as of 2016, it is the sixth-largest city in the state.	the city's mayor is knox white, who has been in that position since december 1995. with an estimated population of 67,453 as of 2016, it is the sixth-largest city in the state.
crossing of jacob's daughters) is a bridge across the jordan river on highway 91, straddling the border between israel proper and the israeli-occupied portion of the golan heights.	crossing of jacob's daughters) is a bridge across the jordan river on highway 91, straddling the border between israel and the israeli-occupied portion of the golan heights.
public debate subsequent to these events centred on gun-control laws, including media-driven public petitions calling for a ban on private ownership of handguns and an official enquiry, the cullen report.	public debate subsequent to these events centred on gun-control laws, including public petitions calling for a ban on private ownership of handguns and an official enquiry, the cullen report.
"constantine's church was built as two connected churches over the two different holy sites, including a great basilica (the martyrium visited by the nun egeria in the 380s), an enclosed colonnaded atrium (the triportico) with the traditional site of golgotha in one corner, and a rotunda, called the anastasis (""resurrection""), which contained the remains of the cave that helena and macarius had identified as the burial site of jesus."	"constantine's church was built as two connected churches over the two different holy sites, including a great basilica (the martyrium visited by the nun egeria in the 380s), an enclosed colonnaded atrium (the triportico) with the traditional site of golgotha in one corner, and a rotunda, called the anastasis (""resurrection""), which contained the remains of the allegedly contained the remains of a rock-cut room that helena and macarius had identified as the burial site of jesus."
bbcode is an abbreviation for bulletin board code, the markup language used to format posts in many modern message boards.	bbcode is an abbreviation for bulletin board code, the markup language used to format posts in many message boards.
the massive pile-up resulted in a red flag.	the multi-car pile-up resulted in a red flag.
marcel-keyes often sought escape from the harsh conservatism of her family and befriended more liberal-minded individuals.	marcel-keyes often sought escape from the conservatism of her family and befriended more liberal-minded individuals.
the physical trophy won by the indian cricket team was damaged during a violent rampage on the indian cricket board's headquarters by the extremist hindu nationalist group shiv sena.	the physical trophy won by the indian cricket team was damaged during a violent rampage on the indian cricket board's headquarters by the hindu nationalist group shiv sena.
the moroccan army immediately occupied the former mauritanian territory.	the moroccan army immediately took control of the former mauritanian territory.
"keynes's book was largely ignored on the european continent, with the unfortunate exception of nazi germany, (where the translation of the general theory was published ""on paper rather better than usual, and the price not much higher than usual"", as keynes himself put it)."	"keynes's book was largely ignored on the european continent, with the exception of nazi germany, (where the translation of the general theory was published ""on paper rather better than usual, and the price not much higher than usual"", as keynes himself put it)."
), sola fide (faith alone—is a man saved through faith in jesus alone, or do the church, good works and the sacraments contribute?	), sola fide (faith alone—is a man saved through faith in christ alone, or do the church, good works and the sacraments contribute?
consequently, he eloquently described a lifestyle of negating desires, similar to the ascetic teachings of vedanta, buddhism, taoism and the church fathers of early christianity.	consequently, he described a lifestyle of negating desires, similar to the ascetic teachings of vedanta, buddhism, taoism and the church fathers of early christianity.
it provides a fast link from bristol city centre to the m4 and is part of the bristol parkway.	it provides a link from bristol city centre to the m4 and is part of the bristol parkway.
caroline rhea (born 1964), actress, comedienne	caroline rhea (born 1964), actress, comedian
nevertheless, the institute has often been accused of selecting only the very worst of the arabic press, thus showing the arab media in a far worse light than a broader sample would reveal.	nevertheless, the institute has been accused of selecting only the very worst of the arabic press, thus showing the arab media in a far worse light than a broader sample would reveal.
"even lds church apostle gordon b. hinckley noted that the ""more good"" translation is incorrect but added that ""mormon means 'more good'"" is a positive motto for members of the lds church."	"lds church apostle gordon b. hinckley noted that the ""more good"" translation is incorrect but added that ""mormon means 'more good'"" is a positive motto for members of the lds church."
online grassroots techniques devised for the dean campaign (castor became a dean dozen candidate in august) were one contributing factor: another was the support of emily's list, which named castor as its highest-rated candidate for the 2004 election cycle, even when her support for banning partial-birth abortions was not in line with the emily's list support for woman's issues.	online grassroots techniques devised for the dean campaign (castor became a dean dozen candidate in august) were one contributing factor: another was the support of emily's list, which named castor as its highest-rated candidate for the 2004 election cycle, even when her support for banning intact dilation and extraction (d&x) abortions was not in line with the emily's list support for woman's issues.
mcguirk played a minor role in an on-air incident on april 4, 2007 that caused a nationwide controversy and ultimately led to imus and him being fired.	mcguirk played a role in an on-air incident on april 4, 2007 that caused a nationwide controversy and ultimately led to imus and him being fired.
they work with wonderful long designer dresses and overcoats.	they work with long designer dresses and overcoats.
on march 13th , dutch toxicologist donald uges confirmed that the drug had been found in miloevi's blood and editorialized that miloevi may have deliberately taken these drugs in order to get out of jail and seek medical treatment in russia, where his wife and son were living in exile.	on march 13th , dutch toxicologist donald uges confirmed that the drug had been found in miloevi's blood and suggested that miloevi may have deliberately taken these drugs in order to get out of jail and seek medical treatment in russia, where his wife and son were living in exile.
kai arasola, the end of historicism: millerite hermeneutic of time prophecies in the old testament, a history of the decline of the historicist method of interpretation ( neutral ).	kai arasola, the end of historicism: millerite hermeneutic of time prophecies in the old testament, a history of the decline of the historicist method of interpretation ( historical account ).
his spectacular goal against then-champions arsenal was a last-minute winner and brought to an end the london side's 30-match unbeaten run.	his goal against then-champions arsenal was a last-minute winner and brought to an end the london side's 30-match unbeaten run.
obtaining electricity from a renewable energy source either directly by generating it (install solar panels on the roof for example) or by selecting a green energy provider, and by using alternative fuels.	obtaining electricity from a renewable energy source either directly by generating it (install solar panels on the roof for example) or by selecting an approved green energy provider, and by using alternative fuels.
it ended tragically when the forward attachment point released prematurely and the aeroplane tipped nose-down.	it ended in disaster when the forward attachment point released prematurely and the aeroplane tipped nose-down.
he was twice nominated for the prestigious humanitas award.	he was twice nominated for the humanitas award.
broadus died of colon cancer on june 27, 1996 exactly two years after his partner's passing .	broadus died of colon cancer on june 27, 1996 exactly two years after his partner's death .
christian anarchists believe that jesus of nazareth was clearly an anarchist, and that his movement was reversed by strong judaist and roman statist influences.	christian anarchists believe that jesus of nazareth was an anarchist, and that his movement was reversed by strong judaist and roman statist influences.
her dad belongs to the thottumkal family of karimkunnam, a beautiful suburb of thodupuzha.	her dad belongs to the thottumkal family of karimkunnam, a suburb of thodupuzha.
this problem has affected several states; perhaps the greatest impact has been on california.	this has affected several states; perhaps the greatest impact has been on california.
the original visual basic .net was released alongside visual c# and asp.net in 2002. c# — widely touted as microsoft's answer to java — received the lion's share of media attention, while vb.net (sometimes just known as vb7) was not widely covered.	the original visual basic .net was released alongside visual c# and asp.net in 2002. c# — widely touted as microsoft's answer to java — received the lion's share of media attention, while vb.net (sometimes known as vb7) was not widely covered.
the bali was a serbian noble family that ruled zeta and the coastlands (southern montenegro and northern albania), from 1362 to 1421, during and after the fall of the serbian empire.	the bali was a noble family that ruled zeta and the coastlands (southern montenegro and northern albania), from 1362 to 1421, during and after the fall of the serbian empire.
zug is a picturesque small town at the northeastern corner of the lake zug and at the foot of the zugerberg (992 m (3255 ft.)), which rises gradually, its lower slopes thickly covered with fruit trees.	zug is a small town at the northeastern corner of the lake zug and at the foot of the zugerberg (992 m (3255 ft.)), which rises gradually, its lower slopes thickly covered with fruit trees.
in 1994 his novel un aller simple won the prestigious prix goncourt.	in 1994 his novel un aller simple won the prix goncourt.
some have suggested that the controversies would constitute a quiet debate over subtleties if the critics were less prone to caricaturing their opponents.	some have suggested that the controversies would constitute a quiet debate over subtleties if the participants were less prone to caricaturing their opponents.
"al-qaeda or al-qaida (, ; ""the law"", ""the foundation"", ""the base"" or ""the database"") is an armed sunni lslamist terrorist organization with the stated objective of eliminating foreign influence in muslim countries."	"al-qaeda or al-qaida (, ; ""the law"", ""the foundation"", ""the base"" or ""the database"") is an armed sunni lslamist organization with the stated objective of eliminating foreign influence in muslim countries."
eight expansion packs have been released as of 2008. there are no current plans for more expansion packs beyond the sims 2: apartment life, but the sims 2 mansion & garden stuff pack is intriguingly labeled as ep9 (sims2ep9.exe).	eight expansion packs have been released as of 2008. there are no current plans for more expansion packs beyond the sims 2: apartment life, but the sims 2 mansion & garden stuff pack is labeled as ep9 (sims2ep9.exe).
anabel ferreira (born anabel ferreira batiz in 1960, aguascalientes) is a mexican actress and comedienne .	anabel ferreira (born anabel ferreira batiz in 1960, aguascalientes) is a mexican actress and comedian .
an emergency action notification (same code: ean) is the national activation of the emergency alert system (eas) and can only be activated by the president or his/her representative (i.e.	an emergency action notification (same code: ean) is the national activation of the emergency alert system (eas) and can only be activated by the president or their representative (i.e.
eric rabidly supports the senior republican leadership in the house.	eric very strongly supports the senior republican leadership in the house.
in it, various famous anime singers sing remarkable songs.	in it, various famous anime singers sing songs.
"in friendly countries of interest, occupied countries, or in germany itself , the intelligence service would normally organise ""abwehr sub-stations"" (""abwehrleitstellen"" in german or ""alsts"" in german), or ""abwehr adjoining posts"" (""abwehrnebenstellen"" in german)."	"in friendly countries of interest, occupied countries, or in germany, the intelligence service would normally organise ""abwehr sub-stations"" (""abwehrleitstellen"" in german or ""alsts"" in german), or ""abwehr adjoining posts"" (""abwehrnebenstellen"" in german)."
especially striking are the huge pillars, of which a number still stand erect -like .	especially striking are the huge pillars, of which a number still stand erect.
rajya sabha tv has made a touching documentary on his life.	rajya sabha tv has made a documentary on his life.
records and notes of white house iraq group activities were subpoenaed by special counsel patrick fitzgerald as part of the investigation into the leak of undercover cia operative valerie plame's identity.	records and notes of white house iraq group activities were subpoenaed by special counsel patrick fitzgerald as part of the investigation into the leak of cia operative valerie plame's identity.
it should be noted that similar boasts of easy cleaning, high barrel life, and of not needing cleaning regularly were made about the m16 before it was introduced.	it should be noted that similar claims of easy cleaning, high barrel life, and of not needing cleaning regularly were made about the m16 before it was introduced.
although microsoft lead you to believe you need a hotmail/msn email account to use msnmicrosoft .net passport this is not the case and any email account can be used.	although microsoft lead you to believe you need a hotmail/msn email account to use msn microsoft .net passport this is not the case and any email account can be used.
"considered by music authorities as the co-founder of western swing, he was universally known as the king of western swing (although spade cooley self-promoted the moniker ""king of western swing"" from 1942 to 1969)."	"considered by music authorities as the co-founder of western swing, he was widely known as the king of western swing (although spade cooley self-promoted the moniker ""king of western swing"" from 1942 to 1969)."
catholics (along with many fundamentalist protestants) also consider abortion sinful and a violation of this commandment.	catholics (along with many protestants) also consider abortion sinful and a violation of this commandment.
preston is the seat of lancashire county council, and preston north end f.c., one of the oldest football clubs used to house the national football museum which has sadly moved to manchester.	preston is the seat of lancashire county council, and preston north end f.c., one of the oldest football clubs used to house the national football museum which has recently moved to manchester.
in some neighbourhoods with large immigrant communities it even reached 20%.	in some neighbourhoods with large immigrant communities it reached 20%.
the season was marked by the tragic death of their catcher thurman munson on august 2. the team finished with a record of 89-71, finishing fourth in the american league eastern division, 13.5 games behind the baltimore orioles, ending the yankees' three-year domination of the al east.	the season was marked by the death of their catcher thurman munson on august 2. the team finished with a record of 89-71, finishing fourth in the american league eastern division, 13.5 games behind the baltimore orioles, ending the yankees' three-year domination of the al east.
john jacob abel (19 may 1857 26 may 1938) was an influential american biochemist and pharmacologist.	john jacob abel (19 may 1857 26 may 1938) was an american biochemist and pharmacologist.
in 1952, sbs teams were held at combat readiness in egypt in case gamal abdel nasser's coup turned more violent than it did.	in 1952, sbs teams were held at combat readiness in egypt in case gamal abdel nasser's revolution turned more violent than it did.
critics of chomsky and herman's mass media analysis, including author and historian victor davis hanson of the corporate-funded hoover institution severely disagree with chomsky and herman's theories.	critics of chomsky and herman's mass media analysis, including author and historian victor davis hanson of the hoover institution severely disagree with chomsky and herman's theories.
allegedly, at least 11 u.s. presidents have been undisputed, admitted users of cannabis: george washington, thomas jefferson (both proud hemp farmers), james madison (who attributed the birth of the american nation to the insights hemp provided him), james monroe, andrew jackson (known to have smoked marijuana with the u.s. military while on command), zachary taylor, franklin pierce, john.	allegedly, at least 11 u.s. presidents have been undisputed, admitted users of cannabis: george washington, thomas jefferson (both hemp farmers), james madison (who attributed the birth of the american nation to the insights hemp provided him), james monroe, andrew jackson (known to have smoked marijuana with the u.s. military while on command), zachary taylor, franklin pierce, john.
franchi's frequent co-star was comedienne joan rivers.	franchi's frequent co-star was comedian joan rivers.
in 1994, pope john paul ii definitively declared the question closed in his letter ordinatio sacerdotalis, stating: wherefore, in order that all doubt may be removed regarding a matter of great importancei declare that the church has no authority whatsoever to confer priestly ordination on women and that this judgment is to be definitively held by all the church's faithful.	in 1994, pope john paul ii declared the question closed in his letter ordinatio sacerdotalis, stating: wherefore, in order that all doubt may be removed regarding a matter of great importancei declare that the church has no authority whatsoever to confer priestly ordination on women and that this judgment is to be definitively held by all the church's faithful.
the murder occurred at about 2:30 am on june 6, 1996. darlie routier testified that an intruder killed her children but police found inconsistencies between her report and the crime scene evidence.	the murder occurred at about 2:30 am on june 6, 1996. darlie routier testified that an intruder killed her children but police alleged inconsistencies between her report and the crime scene evidence.
the idea that mary magdalene was the wife of jesus was popularized by books like the pseudohistorical holy blood, holy grail (1982) and the da vinci code (2003), a novel heavily influenced by the former book.	the idea that mary magdalene was the wife of jesus was popularized by books like the holy blood, holy grail (1982) and the da vinci code (2003), a novel heavily influenced by the former book.
an international flotilla of ships makes its way to the gaza strip on a purported humanitarian mission, with participants including irish mep paul murphy and former irish parliamentarian chris andrews.	an international flotilla of ships makes its way to the gaza strip on a humanitarian mission, with participants including irish mep paul murphy and former irish parliamentarian chris andrews.
critics went on the attack the day after the ap story.	critics went reacted to the attack the day after the ap story.
the title is a take off of aphex twin's groundbreaking 1992 album selected ambient works 85-92.	the title is a take off of aphex twin's 1992 album selected ambient works 85-92.
new york fries is a popular canadian fast food restaurant that serves french fries and hot dogs as one of its menu items.	new york fries is a canadian fast food restaurant that serves french fries and hot dogs as one of its menu items.
on august 25, 2018, days after the pope had issued an apology for abuses by clergy in the us and before his apology in ireland, former papal nuncio carlo maria vigan released an 11-page letter explaining that pope benedict xvi had secretly forbidden theodore edgar mccarrick (later forced to resign in 2018 following accusations of sexual abuse that the vatican deemed credible) from leaving the seminary grounds where he was residing and from celebrating mass in public based on accusations of sexual abuse.	on august 25, 2018, days after the pope had issued an apology for abuses by clergy in the us and before his apology in ireland, former papal nuncio carlo maria vigan released an 11-page letter accusing that pope benedict xvi had secretly forbidden theodore edgar mccarrick (later forced to resign in 2018 following accusations of sexual abuse that the vatican deemed credible) from leaving the seminary grounds where he was residing and from celebrating mass in public based on accusations of sexual abuse.
burgher culture is a rich mixture of east and west, reflecting their ancestry.	burgher culture is a mixture of east and west, reflecting their ancestry.
as of 2017, she is playing a supporting character in geo kahani's popular series naagin.	as of 2017, she is playing a supporting character in geo kahani's series naagin.
foo fighters is an american alternative rock band formed by singer/guitarist dave grohl in 1995. grohl formed the supergroup as a one-man project after the dissolution of his previous band nirvana in 1994. prior to the release of foo fighters in 1995, grohl drafted nate mendel (bass), william goldsmith (drums), and pat smear (guitar) to complete the group.	foo fighters is an american alternative rock band formed by singer/guitarist dave grohl in 1995. grohl formed the group as a one-man project after the dissolution of his previous band nirvana in 1994. prior to the release of foo fighters in 1995, grohl drafted nate mendel (bass), william goldsmith (drums), and pat smear (guitar) to complete the group.
"in 1990, rudolph wrote and directed the quirky private eye love story ""love at large"" which was filmed in portland, oregon."	"in 1990, rudolph wrote and directed the private eye love story ""love at large"" which was filmed in portland, oregon."
andrea mitchell (born october 30, 1946 in new york, ny) is a washington, d.c.-based liberal american television journalist, anchor, reporter, and commentator for nbc news.	andrea mitchell (born october 30, 1946 in new york, ny) is a washington, d.c.-based american television journalist, anchor, reporter, and commentator for nbc news.
the sign of the takahe is today a glamorous function centre and tea rooms built in the style of an english manor house.	the sign of the takahe is today a function centre and tea rooms built in the style of an english manor house.
buffy comics, with the obvious exception of season eight, which is the eighth season of the television show and is only available in comic form, are not usually considered by fans as canonical.	buffy comics, with the exception of season eight, which is the eighth season of the television show and is only available in comic form, are not usually considered by fans as canonical.
his successor's continued support of human vit has led some to concoct conspiracy theories that john paul i was murdered over this teaching.	his successor's continued support of human vit has led some to suggest conspiracy theories that john paul i was murdered over this teaching.
"the execution of libyan leader gaddafi has been said to have many regional implications in the middle east, as part of the ""arab spring"" revolts and uprisings."	"the assassination of libyan leader gaddafi has been said to have many regional implications in the middle east, as part of the ""arab spring"" revolts and uprisings."
hogan delivered yet another memorable match alongside shawn michaels.	hogan delivered yet another dramatic match alongside shawn michaels.
"this plot difference massively re-contextualizes the line ""you've always been the caretaker,"" which in the novel is a lie told by the ghosts to bolster jack's ego, but may in some sense be literally true in the film."	"this plot difference re-contextualizes the line ""you've always been the caretaker,"" which in the novel is a lie told by the ghosts to bolster jack's ego, but may in some sense be literally true in the film."
paul starr suggests in his analysis of the american health care system (i.e., the social transformation of american medicine) that ronald reagan was the first mainstream political leader to take deliberate steps to reform american health care from its longstanding not-for-profit business principles into a for-profit model that would be driven by the insurance industry.	paul starr suggests in his analysis of the american health care system (i.e., the social transformation of american medicine) that ronald reagan was the first mainstream political leader to take deliberate steps to change american health care from its longstanding not-for-profit business principles into a for-profit model that would be driven by the insurance industry.
spike jonze (born adam spiegel on october 22, 1969), is an american director of offbeat music videos and commercials, and an academy award-nominated director and producer in film and television, most notably the 1999 film being john malkovich and the 2002 film adaptation., both written by charlie kaufman.	spike jonze (born adam spiegel on october 22, 1969), is an american director of music videos and commercials, and an academy award-nominated director and producer in film and television, most notably the 1999 film being john malkovich and the 2002 film adaptation., both written by charlie kaufman.
"reputable bartending schools insist that a beverage shaker tends to dull the taste of the vermouth, and some argue that it sharpens the taste of gin by ""bruising"" the liquid."	"many bartending schools insist that a beverage shaker tends to dull the taste of the vermouth, and some argue that it sharpens the taste of gin by ""bruising"" the liquid."
weyland-yutani, a fictional evil megacorporation in the alien films.	weyland-yutani, a fictional megacorporation in the alien films.
metallica is an extremely sexy american heavy metal band that has been active since the early 1980s.	metallica is an extremely successful american heavy metal band that has been active since the early 1980s.
unfortunately tasmania's small population and low sponsorship potential results in the state not being represented in national basketball, soccer and netball leagues.	tasmania's small population and low sponsorship potential results in the state not being represented in national basketball, soccer and netball leagues.
after graduating in 1990, he attended the university of colorado at boulder as a ski racer and received a ba degree in economics in 1994. a back injury (two broken vertebrae while ironically doing mountain bike dry land training on ski jump) at the university of colorado developmental ski team in september 1991 ended his skiing career and he switched to cycling.	after graduating in 1990, he attended the university of colorado at boulder as a ski racer and received a ba degree in economics in 1994. a back injury (two broken vertebrae while doing mountain bike dry land training on ski jump) at the university of colorado developmental ski team in september 1991 ended his skiing career and he switched to cycling.
wiley brooks is a breatharian, and founder of the acclaimed breatharian institute of america.	wiley brooks is a breatharian, and founder of the breatharian institute of america.
his secret lay in his ability to incorporate these encyclopedaic references subtly, within a strong and muscular, very decisive architecture of strong, confident gestures that aimed to remake urban form.	his success lay in his ability to incorporate these encyclopedaic references subtly, within a strong and muscular, very decisive architecture of strong, confident gestures that aimed to remake urban form.
this economic principle did not favor government regulation and obstruction in commerce.	this economic principle did not favor government regulation and involvement in commerce.
some figures co-opted for this purpose include the virgin mary, mary magdalene, eve, and esther.	some figures used for this purpose include the virgin mary, mary magdalene, eve, and esther.
in addition to his mentorships he is a top keynote speaker, focusing on entrepreneurship, leadership, and innovation.	in addition to his mentorships he is a keynote speaker, focusing on entrepreneurship, leadership, and innovation.
"john ""johnny"" walker (born in charleston, south carolina), better known as mr. wrestling ii, was an accomplished american professional wrestler."	"john ""johnny"" walker (born in charleston, south carolina), better known as mr. wrestling ii, was an american professional wrestler."
(allegations that the raffle was for liberals only have been refuted by local officials.)	(allegations that the raffle was for liberals only have been disputed by local officials.)
finding chocographs is a fun mini-game that is played like egg hunting.	finding chocographs is a mini-game that is played like egg hunting.
"he was the spiritual leader of the mir yeshiva in poland until his passing in 1936. his disciples were said to have followed his every word, never doing anything that they ""felt"" he would not want them to do."	"he was the spiritual leader of the mir yeshiva in poland until his death in 1936. his disciples were said to have followed his every word, never doing anything that they ""felt"" he would not want them to do."
the 1983 kuwait bombings were terrorist attacks on six key foreign and kuwaiti installations on december 12, 1983, two months after the 1983 beirut barracks bombing.	the 1983 kuwait bombings were attacks on six key foreign and kuwaiti installations on december 12, 1983, two months after the 1983 beirut barracks bombing.
dillon albert quartermaine (n hornsby) is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	dillon albert quartermaine (n hornsby) is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
"among his many lucrative activities, hayford serves as apostolic elder for gateway church, which has grown to over 34,000 active members since the churchs beginnings in 2000 on a $104-million campus on 180 acres and a paid staff of more than 500. the king's university will keep the founding campus in van nuys as a ""teaching site."""	"among his lucrative activities, hayford serves as apostolic elder for gateway church, which has grown to over 34,000 active members since the churchs beginnings in 2000 on a $104-million campus on 180 acres and a paid staff of more than 500. the king's university will keep the founding campus in van nuys as a ""teaching site."""
sadly the end & aka closed its doors for good on january 24, 2009.	the end & aka closed its doors for good on january 24, 2009.
rather than bunting the ball into the open space, the proud williams batted as usual against the contrived defense.	rather than bunting the ball into the open space, the proud williams batted as usual against the defense.
there is also an horrible series of film adaptations, for which kinney was an executive producer, based on the original graphic novels.	there is also an eponymous series of film adaptations, for which kinney was an executive producer, based on the original graphic novels.
in 1982, much of the population of ro negro was murdered ; tec survived, but witnessed the deaths of most of his immediate family members.	in 1982, much of the population of ro negro was killed ; tec survived, but witnessed the deaths of most of his immediate family members.
christopher young (born april 28, 1957) is an award-winning american music composer for film and television.	christopher young (born april 28, 1957) is an american music composer for film and television.
whether this decision is due to the many recent appalling o2 coverage issues, or quite how the o2 technical staff will respond, remains to be seen.	whether this decision is due to the many recent o2 coverage issues, or quite how the o2 technical staff will respond, remains to be seen.
william basil : 1649, under the usurpation	william basil : 1649, under the protectorate
even considering mitigating factors (no prior criminal history, sympathy from simmons' family, and most importantly his age), the jury nonetheless imposed a death sentence.	even considering mitigating factors (no prior criminal history, sympathy from simmons' family, and most significantly for the later appeal, his age), the jury nonetheless imposed a death sentence.
"while terrorists openly oppose cpec, some local leaders and residents of gwadar city have also expressed concern in regards to the project the head of gwadar's local fisherman association stated in an interview with nbc news that ""development is good, china is our great friend, this cpec thing sounds amazing, but don't forget that this is our land, first."""	"while nationalists openly oppose cpec, some local leaders and residents of gwadar city have also expressed concern in regards to the project the head of gwadar's local fisherman association stated in an interview with nbc news that ""development is good, china is our great friend, this cpec thing sounds amazing, but don't forget that this is our land, first."""
"on july 28, 2005, mcgovern appeared on idaho public television's ""dialogue"" program and discussed a variety of subjects including parallels between the iraq war and vietnam, and vice-president dick cheney's assertions that iraq was involved in the 9/11 tragedy ."	"on july 28, 2005, mcgovern appeared on idaho public television's ""dialogue"" program and discussed a variety of subjects including parallels between the iraq war and vietnam, and vice-president dick cheney's assertions that iraq was involved in the 9/11 events ."
it is famous in brazil for its hot weather, beautiful beaches, rich culture (unique folklore, music, cuisine, literature), brazilian carnival and festival of st. john, and the arid serto backlands.	it is known in brazil for its hot weather, beautiful beaches, rich culture (unique folklore, music, cuisine, literature), brazilian carnival and festival of st. john, and the arid serto backlands.
critics charge that the nudity is little more than a gimmick that trivializes important news events, while proponents argue that such gimmicks exist on most television news already; this is just a particularly successful one.	critics charge that the nudity is little more than a gimmick that trivializes important news events, while proponents argue that such gimmicks exist on most television news already; nudity is just a particularly successful one.
eerily , the film also captured a car accident that she was involved in during filming, which killed a honduran child with the surname lopez.	coincidentally , the film also captured a car accident that she was involved in during filming, which killed a honduran child with the surname lopez.
4, dazzlingly performing the piece in a time of 1:32 minutes.	4, performing the piece in a time of 1:32 minutes.
"the term ""milliard"" is now rare in british english, and ""billion"" has meant nothing except 109 in all published writing for many years now."	"the term ""milliard"" is now obsolete in british english, and ""billion"" has meant nothing except 109 in all published writing for many years now."
in september 1940 with the return of southern dobruja (the cadrilater) by romania to bulgaria under the treaty of craiova, 80,000 romanians were compelled to move north of the border, while 65,000 bulgarians living in northern dobruja moved into bulgaria.	in september 1940 with the return of southern dobruja (the cadrilater) by romania to bulgaria under the treaty of craiova, 80,000 romanians were compelled to move north of the border, while 65,000 bulgarians living in northern dobruja were forced to move into bulgaria.
"in a 2006 op-ed ""swift boating the planet,"" paul krugman used the term to describe repeated use of a doctored chart krugman labels ""a fraud"" and what he calls ""smears"" against climatologist james hansen."	"in a 2006 op-ed ""swift boating the planet,"" paul krugman used the term to describe repeated use of a chart krugman labels ""a fraud"" and what he calls ""smears"" against climatologist james hansen."
he scored 30 tries in 56 international matches, including a memorable try in the 2003 world cup final against australia.	he scored 30 tries in 56 international matches, including a try in the 2003 world cup final against australia.
"ellis is best known to american audiences for her role as the beautiful character ""joy"" in the bugaloos (1970)."	"ellis is best known to american audiences for her role as the character ""joy"" in the bugaloos (1970)."
this observation of minimum wage work is especially true today when looking at the controversy with the enforcement of a minimum wage law.	this observation of minimum wage work is especially relevant today when looking at the controversy with the enforcement of a minimum wage law.
most animals, such as monkies , lacking the capacity for moral judgement, are of this alignment.	most animals, such as monkeys , lacking the capacity for moral judgement, are of this alignment.
wedge strategy proponents are dogmatically opposed to materialism,	wedge strategy proponents are opposed to materialism,
although intended only for testing tolerance to electrical stimulation, many of the patients claimed they received so much relief from the tens itself that they never returned for the implant.	although intended only for testing tolerance to electrical stimulation, many of the patients said they received so much relief from the tens itself that they never returned for the implant.
"faust co-wrote the words to the popular lds hymn ""this is the christ""."	"faust co-wrote the words to the lds hymn ""this is the christ""."
sexualization is the harmful application of sexuality or sexual perceptions to an individual or class.	sexualization is the application of sexuality or sexual perceptions to an individual or class.
"ryan james ""fitzy"" fitzgerald (born october 16 1976) is an annoying australian media personality and former australian rules footballer."	"ryan james ""fitzy"" fitzgerald (born october 16 1976) is an australian media personality and former australian rules footballer."
alleged khazar ancestry of ashkenazi jews	theory of khazar ancestry of ashkenazi jews
the world's first swaminarayan temple was built in ahmedabad by the instructions of bhagwan swaminarayan.	the world's first swaminarayan temple was built in ahmedabad by the instructions of swaminarayan.
his claims concerning the astronomy of the vedic period in his book the astronomical code of the rgveda (1994) challenged academic views related to the aryan invasion theory and the nature of early indian science.	his opinions concerning the astronomy of the vedic period in his book the astronomical code of the rgveda (1994) challenged academic views related to the aryan invasion theory and the nature of early indian science.
nev cotteral from norths also was a winner of this prestigious award .	nev cotteral from norths also was a winner of this award .
in keith giffen's justice league international, a robot appeared aptly named l-ron.	in keith giffen's justice league international, a robot appeared named l-ron.
there were enormous protests by anti-apartheid campaigners at the film's london premiere.	there were protests by anti-apartheid campaigners at the film's london premiere.
john anthony prescott, creator of the popular chronicles of ramlar rpg series	john anthony prescott, creator of the chronicles of ramlar rpg series
considerable resources are wasted ensuring that everyone does indeed vote.	considerable resources are spent ensuring that everyone does indeed vote.
this prompted outrage from some leftist christian bloggers such as the rev.	this prompted outrage from some christian bloggers such as the rev.
nadal joined australian legend rod laver as the only left-handers to win all four grand slams.	nadal joined australian rod laver as the only left-handers to win all four grand slams.
she also was a popular radio singer and comedienne on bernard braden's bedtime with braden radio show.	she also was a popular radio singer and comedian on bernard braden's bedtime with braden radio show.
"the so-called gesetz zum schutze des deutschen blutes und der deutschen ehre (protection of german blood and german honor act) forbade marriage and extra-marital sexual relations between persons of jewish origin and persons of ""german or related blood""."	"the gesetz zum schutze des deutschen blutes und der deutschen ehre (protection of german blood and german honor act) forbade marriage and extra-marital sexual relations between persons of jewish origin and persons of ""german or related blood""."
gunn is best known for the role as skyler white in the amc drama series breaking bad, starring bryan cranston.	gunn is known for the role as skyler white in the amc drama series breaking bad, starring bryan cranston.
bush's presidency has been defined by the terrorist september 11, 2001 attacks on the united states, and his administration's response to the attacks.	bush's presidency has been defined by the september 11, 2001 attacks on the united states, and his administration's response to the attacks.
the hamc organizes a number of motorcycle runs all over the world and also runs a patch system (similar to a military medal); the literal symbolic meaning of each patch is not publicly known, but it identifies warriors on the battlefield and serves as a warning to those who might approach and challenge the brutal authority of any biker wearing it.	the hamc organizes a number of motorcycle runs all over the world and also runs a patch system (similar to a military medal); the literal symbolic meaning of each patch is not publicly known, but it identifies warriors on the battlefield and serves as a warning to those who might approach and challenge the authority of any biker wearing it.
nowadays pox parties are typically organized by anti-vaccinationists who know that vaccinations are more dangerous than contracting the disease.	nowadays pox parties are typically organized by anti-vaccinationists who believe that vaccinations are more dangerous than contracting the disease.
his heretical teachings include claims that michael the archangel, not jesus christ, went to the cross to die so that the penalty for sin could be paid for all of mankind.	his debated teachings include claims that michael the archangel, not jesus christ, went to the cross to die so that the penalty for sin could be paid for all of mankind.
the federal law prohibits intact dilation and extraction procedures in which the fetus's head or trunk is partially outside of the mother's body when killed .	the federal law prohibits intact dilation and extraction procedures in which the fetus's head or trunk is partially outside of the mother's body when aborted .
"the aristocrats (also known as ""the debonaires"" or ""the sophisticates"" in some tellings) is a taboo-defying funny joke that has been told by numerous stand-up comedians since the vaudeville era."	"the aristocrats (also known as ""the debonaires"" or ""the sophisticates"" in some tellings) is a taboo-defying off-color joke that has been told by numerous stand-up comedians since the vaudeville era."
a four-lane interstate was proposed, but was abandoned due to environmental concerns, in part related to vibrations which could harm the old man of the mountain (which collapsed anyway in 2003).	a four-lane interstate was proposed, but was abandoned due to environmental concerns, in part related to vibrations which could harm the old man of the mountain (which collapsed in 2003).
the murderer who caused the crash, david burke (born may 18, 1952), was an angry former employee of usair, the parent company of psa.	the man who caused the crash, david burke (born may 18, 1952), was an angry former employee of usair, the parent company of psa.
"ken ham, a charismatic speaker and sometime biology teacher, worked for the icr and enjoyed spectacular success with his ""back to genesis seminars""."	"ken ham, a speaker and sometime biology teacher, worked for the icr and enjoyed spectacular success with his ""back to genesis seminars""."
nicolaus copernicus, polish astronomer and mathematician	nicolaus copernicus, astronomer and mathematician
deal or no deal is the popular american version of the international game show of the same name.	deal or no deal is the american version of the international game show of the same name.
the restaurant was known for high-quality hamburgers such as the sirloiner, which was made from sirloin steak (and was originally a staple of tops drive inn), and the gino giant, which predated and later competed with the big mac.	the restaurant was known for hamburgers such as the sirloiner, which was made from sirloin steak (and was originally a staple of tops drive inn), and the gino giant, which predated and later competed with the big mac.
now in old age, her appearance at any public function, always immaculately dressed and coiffured and usually with a huge smile, is guaranteed to attract press attention and comment.	now in old age, her appearance at any public function, always well- dressed and coiffured and usually with a huge smile, is guaranteed to attract press attention and comment.
"the current embassy opened july 1, 2004, located in the so-called ""green zone"", is being replaced with what has been described as the largest and most expensive embassy in the world."	"the current embassy opened july 1, 2004, located in the ""green zone"", is being replaced with what has been described as the largest and most expensive embassy in the world."
while they state their mission is to monitor and report illegal activities, their mission statement does not endorse vigilantism.	they state their mission is to monitor and report illegal activities, their mission statement does not endorse vigilantism.
from this time forward mostel would affect a cane when he attended the metropolitan opera, to go along with the cape that he also favored.	from this time forward mostel would carry a cane when he attended the metropolitan opera, to go along with the cape that he also favored.
while it is correct that trimmed means reduce extreme influences, it is very misleading to describe this as a 'proven' statistical method: the key issue is whether the method is appropriate in a particular situation given the nature of information.	while it is correct that trimmed means reduce extreme influences, it is misleading to describe this as a 'proven' statistical method: the key issue is whether the method is appropriate in a particular situation given the nature of information.
the office was right next to that of the israeli target, al-aqsa tv, a television station that was affiliated with the terrorist group hamas.	the office was right next to that of the israeli target, al-aqsa tv, a television station that was affiliated with the palestinian militant group hamas.
however, his hardline-islamic arguments were fundamentally at odds with both the anti-nationalist ideology of communist yugoslavia and with the later sentiment in croatia and serbia, which emphasized both nations' christian heritage.	however, his arguments were fundamentally at odds with both the anti-nationalist ideology of communist yugoslavia and with the later sentiment in croatia and serbia, which emphasized both nations' christian heritage.
while the interior ministry claimed there were approximately 15.8 million eligible voters at the time of the election, some outside observers said as few as 6 million remained in syria.	while the interior ministry stated there were approximately 15.8 million eligible voters at the time of the election, some outside observers said as few as 6 million remained in syria.
savetheinternet.com - a pro-network neutrality regulation coalition financed by free press and other consumer rights organizations and joined by several political actions groups such as moveon.org and the christian coalition of america	savetheinternet.com - a pro-network neutrality coalition financed by free press and other consumer rights organizations and joined by several political actions groups such as moveon.org and the christian coalition of america
after leaving bronze records on bad terms, motrhead kept touring without the benefit of a record deal, in spite of being cited as a key influence for the thrash metal subgenre that was becoming extremely popular with heavy metal fans in the mid-1980s.	after leaving bronze records on bad terms, motrhead kept touring without the benefit of a record deal, in spite of being cited as a key influence for the thrash metal subgenre that was becoming popular with heavy metal fans in the mid-1980s.
, as well as the results of the act survey of students and the national survey of student engagement, that shows that students and alumni rank mum far higher than the national average.	, as well as the results of the act survey of students and the national survey of student engagement, that shows that students and alumni rank mum higher than the national average.
all mainstream jewish groups (both secular and religious) strongly oppose jews for jesus and many see its proselytizing activities as a thinly-veiled attack on judaism.	all mainstream jewish groups (both secular and religious) oppose jews for jesus and many see its proselytizing activities as a thinly-veiled attack on judaism.
ecological footprint (ef) analysis measures human demand on nature.	ecological footprint (ef) analysis attempts to measure human demand on nature.
mohammedan (also spelt muhammadan, mahommedan, mahomedan or mahometan) is a westernized term for muslims, that is both offensive and inaccurate because it suggests that muslims are the followers of the islamic prophet muhammad.	mohammedan (also spelt muhammadan, mahommedan, mahomedan or mahometan) is a westernized term for muslims, that muslims consider both offensive and inaccurate because it suggests that muslims are the followers of the islamic prophet muhammad.
in 1995 the record company cpo issued his entire output on cd, in fine performances by the austrian ensemble klangforum wien, and since then performances of his work have been increasingly frequent.	in 1995 the record company cpo issued his entire output on cd, in performances by the austrian ensemble klangforum wien, and since then performances of his work have been increasingly frequent.
"this misconception was likely popularized by an episode of mtv's true life, ""i'm on ecstasy"" (2000), which featured a former poly-drug abuser (including heavy use of mdma) whose brain scan showed several areas of greatly diminished activity."	"this misconception was likely popularized by an episode of mtv's true life, ""i'm on ecstasy"" (2000), which featured a former poly-drug user (including heavy use of mdma) whose brain scan showed several areas of greatly diminished activity."
}}oleg ivanovich kovalyov (; 1948) is a russian statesman and former governor of ryazan oblast (2008-2017).	}}oleg ivanovich kovalyov (; 1948) is a russian politician and former governor of ryazan oblast (2008-2017).
the stone roses were an influential rock band from england active during the late 1980s and early '90s.	the stone roses were an influential rock band from britain active during the late 1980s and early '90s.
the overall proportion of php-related vulnerabilities on the database amounted to: 20% in 2004, 28% in 2005, 43% in 2006, 36% in 2007, 35% in 2008, and 30% in 2009. most of these php-related vulnerabilities can be exploited remotely: they allow crackers to steal or destroy data from data sources linked to the webserver (such as an sql database), send spam or contribute to dos attacks using malware, which itself can be installed on the vulnerable servers.	the overall proportion of php-related vulnerabilities on the database amounted to: 20% in 2004, 28% in 2005, 43% in 2006, 36% in 2007, 35% in 2008, and 30% in 2009. most of these php-related vulnerabilities can be exploited remotely: they allow attackers to steal or destroy data from data sources linked to the webserver (such as an sql database), send spam or contribute to dos attacks using malware, which itself can be installed on the vulnerable servers.
in that show immortalized on a dvd called at metro, bundled with a cd of the performance josh, matt and eli were happy and energized.	in that show recorded on a dvd called at metro, bundled with a cd of the performance josh, matt and eli were happy and energized.
it was also during this period that chumbawamba gained some degree of notoriety when male vocalist danbert nobacon childishly poured a jug of water over uk deputy prime minister john prescott at the 1998 the brit awards.	it was also during this period that chumbawamba gained some degree of notoriety when male vocalist danbert nobacon poured a jug of water over uk deputy prime minister john prescott at the 1998 the brit awards.
john rhys-davies (born 5 may 1944) is a welsh actor and voice actor best known for his portrayal of gimli in the lord of the rings trilogy and the charismatic arab excavator sallah in the indiana jones films.	john rhys-davies (born 5 may 1944) is a welsh actor and voice actor known for his portrayal of gimli in the lord of the rings trilogy and the charismatic arab excavator sallah in the indiana jones films.
unfortunately their work failed to create an interest in rocketry within france.	ultimately, their work failed to create an interest in rocketry within france.
the city was incorporated on may 6, 1891, but it nearly completely failed during the panic of 1893. however, it was revived in 1902 when sumter cogswell built the pell city manufacturing company, which subsequently became avondale mills which was a major landmark of the town until thunder enterprises, a tennessee company, bought the building and began dismantling the factory in 2008. during the process, however, it was destroyed by a seemingly accidental fire.	the city was incorporated on may 6, 1891, but it nearly completely failed during the panic of 1893. however, it was revived in 1902 when sumter cogswell built the pell city manufacturing company, which subsequently became avondale mills which was a major landmark of the town until thunder enterprises, a tennessee company, bought the building and began dismantling the factory in 2008. during the process, however, it was destroyed by a accidental fire.
tangier was used as the base for the attack on the american capital in the redcoats stunning victory at the battle of bladensburg and the unfortunate subsequent burning of washington	tangier was used as the base for the attack on the american capital in the redcoats stunning victory at the battle of bladensburg and the subsequent burning of washington
self-defence is a legal doctrine which says that a person may use reasonable force in the defence of himself or another.	self-defence is a legal doctrine which says that a person may use reasonable force in the defence of themself or another.
he was founder or president of various important labour unions of north bihar.	he was founder or president of various labour unions of north bihar.
it is comprehensive but short and authentic biography of prophet muhammad with proper citations and reference sources.	it is comprehensive but short and authentic biography of muhammad with proper citations and reference sources.
reynolds ended his career as the second-leading scorer in villanova history, falling only 21 points short of breaking kerry kittles's all-time record.	reynolds ended his career as the second-leading scorer in villanova history, falling 21 points short of breaking kerry kittles's all-time record.
"its translator, abdassamad clarke, chose to translate the biographies of the first four ""rightly guided caliphs"" adding to them imam hasan ibn ali, because of his action in healing the divisions in the early community and, according to sunni muslims' opinion, legitimately handing power over to sayyidina mu'awiyah ibn abi sufyan."	"its translator, abdassamad clarke, chose to translate the biographies of the first four ""rightly guided caliphs"" adding to them imam hasan ibn ali, because of his action in healing the divisions in the early community and, according to sunni muslims' opinion, legitimately handing power over to mu'awiyah ibn abi sufyan."
before and after the tax status was settled with the irs miscavige played an active role in expanding the religion 's influence.	before and after the tax status was settled with the irs miscavige played an active role in expanding the organization 's influence.
sketches containing nudity were bowdlerized for canadian television and syndication by the inclusion of reverse angle scenes originally filmed from behind nude actors (generally women baring their breasts) or else alternate scenes that had been filmed with the models wearing a bra.	sketches containing nudity were censored for canadian television and syndication by the inclusion of reverse angle scenes originally filmed from behind nude actors (generally women baring their breasts) or else alternate scenes that had been filmed with the models wearing a bra.
sergey olegovich sirotkin (, born 27 august 1995) is a russian professional racing pay driver currently competing in formula one for williams.	sergey olegovich sirotkin (, born 27 august 1995) is a russian professional racing driver currently competing in formula one for williams.
}}north korea, officially the democratic people's republic of korea, is an east asian state occupying the northern half of the korean peninsula.	}}north korea, officially the democratic people's republic of korea, is an east asian country occupying the northern half of the korean peninsula.
avanza is one of the options open to private investors who want to play an active part in their investments and savings programmes.	avanza claims to be one of the options open to private investors who want to play an active part in their investments and savings programmes.
the democrat legislators of texas explained to the press that they had maxed out their credit cards in their effort not to be kidnaped without a warrant by the state of texas.	the democrat legislators of texas explained to the press that they had maxed out their credit cards in their effort not to be abducted without a warrant by the state of texas.
"zdf's animated station identity mascots, the mainzelmnnchen (a play with the words ""mainz"" and ""heinzelmnnchen""), created by wolf gerlach in 1963, quickly became exceptionally popular and are still shown in between commercials."	"zdf's animated station identity mascots, the mainzelmnnchen (a play with the words ""mainz"" and ""heinzelmnnchen""), created by wolf gerlach in 1963, quickly became popular and are still shown in between commercials."
with the enemy fire from a number of blockhouses causing casualties among the assaulting troops, pearse then charged the blockhouses single-handedly with his lewis gun, killing the occupants with bombs before being killed by machine-gun fire himself soon after.	with the fire from a number of blockhouses causing casualties among the assaulting troops, pearse then charged the blockhouses single-handedly with his lewis gun, killing the occupants with bombs before being killed by machine-gun fire himself soon after.
as the rsaf and rsn's manpower needs tend to be more specialized, a constant turnover of staff would be very disruptive.	as the rsaf and rsn's manpower needs tend to be more specialized, a constant turnover of staff is considered by the singapore government to be very disruptive.
"in august 2005, staples introduced the ""easy button"", a popular novelty item for offices which is advertised as a fun way of relieving stress."	"in august 2005, staples introduced the ""easy button"", a novelty item for offices which is advertised as a fun way of relieving stress."
unique aspects of acim's spiritual belief system	aspects of acim's spiritual belief system
during the early years, it was led by prime minister lee kuan yew, whose policies were responsible for singapore's prosperity and legendary authoritarianism.	during the early years, it was led by prime minister lee kuan yew, whose policies were responsible for singapore's prosperity and authoritarianism .
increasingly, assad's alawite sectarian base of support refuse to send their sons to the military due to massive casualty rates among military age men in their community; a third of 250,000 alawite men of fighting age have been killed in the syrian civil war, leading to major tensions between the sect and the assad regime.	increasingly, assad's alawite base of support refuse to send their sons to the military due to massive casualty rates among military age men in their community; a third of 250,000 alawite men of fighting age have been killed in the syrian civil war, leading to major tensions between the sect and the assad regime.
although there is no archeological or reliable documentary evidence to support the view that liubo dates back to the shang dynasty (16001046 bce), early chinese records do indicate that liubo was already a popular game by the warring states period (476221 bce).	while there is no archeological or reliable documentary evidence to support the view that liubo dates back to the shang dynasty (16001046 bce), early chinese records do indicate that liubo was already a popular game by the warring states period (476221 bce).
the kings university is a fully accredited spirit-filled evangelical university based in the heart of the dallas/fort worth metroplex.	the kings university is a fully accredited evangelical university based in the heart of the dallas/fort worth metroplex.
"lopatin was widely quoted supporting the ban on the grounds that torah prohibits cruelty to animals, cleverly stating: ""chopped liver is good, but foie gras is bad."""	"lopatin was widely quoted supporting the ban on the grounds that torah prohibits cruelty to animals, stating: ""chopped liver is good, but foie gras is bad."""
there have been many outstanding recordings of schumann's setting.	there have been many recordings of schumann's setting.
"in the british isles these areas are known as ""dune slacks"", and when in pristine condition they provide a specialized habitat for an interesting group of fauna and flora."	"in the british isles these areas are known as ""dune slacks"", and when in pristine condition they provide a specialized habitat for an unusual group of fauna and flora."
ctwm 3.7 screenshot captured on debian 7 gnu/ linux	ctwm 3.7 screenshot captured on debian 7 linux
these centrist democrats abandoned white working-class southerners and westerners and focused instead on winning over former moderate republicans in the northeast, midwest, and west coast who combined liberal attitudes on abortion, lgbt rights, and environmentalism, with opposition to big government and concern about federal deficits.	these centrist democrats shifted their base from white working-class southerners and westerners and focused instead on winning over former moderate republicans in the northeast, midwest, and west coast who combined liberal attitudes on abortion, lgbt rights, and environmentalism, with opposition to big government and concern about federal deficits.
gomez caused a stir during the last ge when he pretended to submit his form for the minority-race candidate application form in 2006. he was a wp candidate for aljunied grc.	gomez caused a stir during the last ge when he claimed to submit his form for the minority-race candidate application form in 2006. he was a wp candidate for aljunied grc.
foreman, after an amazing amateur record of 27-0, turned professional in 1969 with a three-round knockout of donald walheim in new york.	foreman, after an amateur record of 27-0, turned professional in 1969 with a three-round knockout of donald walheim in new york.
"although utterly ruthless in his commercial dealings and obsessed by business, which he often referred to as ""the great game"", rockerfeller was a devout christian throughout his life, regularly attending church and reading lessons at sunday school."	"although ruthless in his commercial dealings and obsessed by business, which he often referred to as ""the great game"", rockerfeller was a devout christian throughout his life, regularly attending church and reading lessons at sunday school."
untitled aaa game (unknown release date)	untitled game (unknown release date)
miami has had unrivaled success in producing players who go on to the national football league.	miami has had much success in producing players who go on to the national football league.
threats to morality and democracy (brave new world argument)	threats to morality and freedom (brave new world argument)
the paper was part of the support against the rise in racist political parties like the national front.	the paper was part of the support against the rise in political parties like the national front.
swartz committed suicide on january 11, 2013. after his death, federal prosecutors dropped the charges.	swartz died by suicide on january 11, 2013. after his death, federal prosecutors dropped the charges.
kempling had been employed as a teacher and counsellor at a high school in quesnel, british columbia since 1990. in 1997 he began to write a series of letters to the editor of a local newspaper, the quesnel cariboo observer, expressing concern over the promotion of homosexuality in school curricula.	kempling had been employed as a teacher and counsellor at a high school in quesnel, british columbia since 1990. in 1997 he began to write a series of letters to the editor of a local newspaper, the quesnel cariboo observer, expressing concern over the presentation of homosexuality in school curricula.
la coacha is a mexican-american comedienne , singer, blogger and internet personality.	la coacha is a mexican-american comedian , singer, blogger and internet personality.
they've begun dispatching their missionaries, called priors, through the stargates and building spaceships with highly-trained militia which will lead a crusade in the milky way galaxy.	they've begun dispatching their missionaries, called priors, through the stargates and building spaceships with highly-trained militia which will lead a jihad in the milky way galaxy.
selimovi was born to a prominent bey family on 26 april 1910 in tuzla, bosnia and herzegovina, where he graduated from elementary school and high school.	selimovi was born to a prominent bosnian muslim family on 26 april 1910 in tuzla, bosnia and herzegovina, where he graduated from elementary school and high school.
audit and prosecution of the 1990s criminal process of privatization and ownership transformation	audit and prosecution of the 1990s process of privatization and ownership transformation
sacramento country day school (scds) is an elite independent, co-educational, college preparatory school serving pre-kindergarten through grade 12 since 1964. scds is located in the unincorporated arden arcade neighborhood of sacramento, california, and serves students from all surrounding areas, including carmichael, davis, elk grove, penryn, folsom, el dorado hills, and shingle springs.	sacramento country day school (scds) is an independent, co-educational, college preparatory school serving pre-kindergarten through grade 12 since 1964. scds is located in the unincorporated arden arcade neighborhood of sacramento, california, and serves students from all surrounding areas, including carmichael, davis, elk grove, penryn, folsom, el dorado hills, and shingle springs.
first appearing on june 19, 1978 (also considered garfield's birthday), the syndicated comic strip has been entertaining millions with humorous jokes that poke fun at pet owners and their relationship with their pets often portraying the pet as the true master of the home.	first appearing on june 19, 1978 (also considered garfield's birthday), the syndicated comic strip has been entertaining millions with jokes that poke fun at pet owners and their relationship with their pets often portraying the pet as the true master of the home.
"he has falsely claimed that ""malm is known as swedens chicago"" due to mass immigration into nordic countries."	"he has claimed that ""malm is known as swedens chicago"" due to mass immigration into nordic countries."
the picturesque bridgewater and taunton canal runs through the village.	the bridgewater and taunton canal runs through the village.
ammukutty, better known as ammu swaminathan, a social worker and independence activist from the prominent vadakkath family of anakkara in palghat, kerala.	ammukutty, better known as ammu swaminathan, a social worker and independence activist from the vadakkath family of anakkara in palghat, kerala.
in the christmas raid in 1939, one million rounds of ammunition were stolen from the irish army by the ira (though it was mostly recovered in the following weeks) and there were a number of murders , mostly of policemen.	in the christmas raid in 1939, one million rounds of ammunition were stolen from the irish army by the ira (though it was mostly recovered in the following weeks) and there were a number of killings , mostly of policemen.
comparisons between israeli policies and apartheid have been made by groups and individuals, including archbishop desmond tutu, and other south african anti-apartheid leaders, jimmy carter, former president of the united states, former united states national security advisor zbigniew brzezinski, leftist israeli journalists, the syrian government, pro-palestinian student groups in the uk, u.s., and canada, the congress of south african trade unions, the canadian union of public employees, and israeli human rights organization b'tselem.	comparisons between israeli policies and apartheid have been made by groups and individuals, including archbishop desmond tutu, and other south african anti-apartheid leaders, jimmy carter, former president of the united states, former united states national security advisor zbigniew brzezinski, israeli journalists, the syrian government, pro-palestinian student groups in the uk, u.s., and canada, the congress of south african trade unions, the canadian union of public employees, and israeli human rights organization b'tselem.
"modernist canonists counter this argument by quoting canon 1325 (""ignorance which is crass or supine or affected can never be taken into account when applying the provisions of canons 1323 and 1224"") and stating that, in view of the clear formal canonical warnings given to lefebvre, he could not claim to benefit from what the previous canons stated about action taken in error."	"non-sspx canonists counter this argument by quoting canon 1325 (""ignorance which is crass or supine or affected can never be taken into account when applying the provisions of canons 1323 and 1224"") and stating that, in view of the clear formal canonical warnings given to lefebvre, he could not claim to benefit from what the previous canons stated about action taken in error."
"on sunday night fox repeats, the ""f"" in ""bfd"" is awkwardly muted out."	"on sunday night fox repeats, the ""f"" in ""bfd"" is muted out."
she has taken part in around 20 television commercials worldwide - including the memorable sony handycam 'fairies at the bottom of the garden' commercial in 1991. she entered the big brother house on 5 june, 2008.	she has taken part in around 20 television commercials worldwide - including the sony handycam 'fairies at the bottom of the garden' commercial in 1991. she entered the big brother house on 5 june, 2008.
his test batting average is just under fifty at 48.8, remarkably high for a wicket-keeper.	his test batting average is just under fifty at 48.8, high for a wicket-keeper.
wreckage was released in the us in 2003 to great critical, if not popular, acclaim.	wreckage was released in the us in 2003 to critical, if not popular, acclaim.
upnapoleon i, emperor of the french, built an empire across europe.	upnapoleon i, emperor of the french, built a vast empire across europe.
the general's statement, if it is true, also means that a quarter of the detainees have not admitted to be terrorists or involved in terrorism.	the general's statement, if it is true, also means that a quarter of the detainees have not been proven to be terrorists or involved in terrorism.
the metrocard system is susceptible to various types of frauds, perpetrated by clever con artists.	the metrocard system is susceptible to various types of frauds, perpetrated by con artists.
kenneth c. davis is an american popular historian, best known for his don't know much about... series.	kenneth c. davis is an american historian, best known for his don't know much about... series.
"noted nba analyst marv albert refered to james performance as ""one of the greatest performances in nba history."""	"nba analyst marv albert refered to james performance as ""one of the greatest performances in nba history."""
ryden's work combines a hyper-cute cartoon-like sensibility - much like the doe-eyed margaret keane creatures of the 1960s - with a beautifully- detailed fullness and a creepy combination of numerology, little girls, catholic and buddhist symbolism, and carnivalesque americana.	ryden's work combines a hyper-cute cartoon-like sensibility - much like the doe-eyed margaret keane creatures of the 1960s - with a detailed fullness and a creepy combination of numerology, little girls, catholic and buddhist symbolism, and carnivalesque americana.
milena rai (born 1990 in pristina, serbia ) is a serbian professional volleyball player.	milena rai (born 1990 in pristina, kosovo ) is a serbian professional volleyball player.
after the arrival of indo-aryans, bengal was ruled by hindus gupta empire from the 4th through 6th centuries ce.	after the arrival of indo-aryans, bengal was ruled by the gupta empire from the 4th through 6th centuries ce.
a host of other altered tunings are also used by some players.	a host of other alternative tunings are also used by some players.
in early 2001, israeli police have observed bulldozers destroying an ancient arched structure located adjacent to the eastern wall of the temple mount in the course of construction during which 6,000 square meters of the temple mount were dug up by tractors, paved, and declared to be open air mosques, which is assumed to have intermixed the underlying strata.	in early 2001, israeli police said they observed bulldozers destroying an ancient arched structure located adjacent to the eastern wall of the temple mount in the course of construction during which 6,000 square meters of the temple mount were dug up by tractors, paved, and declared to be open air mosques, which is assumed to have intermixed the underlying strata.
the israeli cabinet has approved the addition of a nationalist party into the governing coalition.	the israeli cabinet has approved the addition of an ultra- nationalist party into the governing coalition.
it runs on many different architectures such as amiga, gnu/ linux, atari-st, mac os (scm mac), ms-dos, os/2, nos/ve, unicos, vms, unix and similar systems.	it runs on many different architectures such as amiga, linux, atari-st, mac os (scm mac), ms-dos, os/2, nos/ve, unicos, vms, unix and similar systems.
raleigh's priority however was not publicity but rather intelligence about his new land of virginia, and he restricted access to the exotic newcomers, assigning the brilliant scientist thomas harriot the job of deciphering and learning the carolina algonquian language, using a phonetic alphabet of his own invention in order to effect the translation.	raleigh's priority however was not publicity but rather intelligence about his new land of virginia, and he restricted access to the exotic newcomers, assigning the scientist thomas harriot the job of deciphering and learning the carolina algonquian language, using a phonetic alphabet of his own invention in order to effect the translation.
at the request of maj. gen. phillip h. sheridan, a bill was introduced into congress to promote custer to major general, but the bill failed miserably .	at the request of maj. gen. phillip h. sheridan, a bill was introduced into congress to promote custer to major general, but the bill failed.
eventually, awesome ytmnd forumers tokosan and pidda hosted the almighty lol forums at this is the official recognized ytmnd forums replacement, although the forums are not intended for help with ytmnds, ytmnd critique or anything of that sort.	eventually, ytmnd forumers tokosan and pidda hosted the almighty lol forums at this is the official recognized ytmnd forums replacement, although the forums are not intended for help with ytmnds, ytmnd critique or anything of that sort.
in addition, she plays dorothy spiller, the mother of courteney coxs character on the hit drama series, dirt, on fx networks and is featured as ceptembre sage weller in guruyouu.coms shhh ... a spoof based on the secret dvd.	in addition, she plays dorothy spiller, the mother of courteney coxs character on the drama series, dirt, on fx networks and is featured as ceptembre sage weller in guruyouu.coms shhh ... a spoof based on the secret dvd.
the city developed rapidly after world war ii, but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when it was hit by a disastrous earthquake.	the city developed rapidly after world war ii, but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when it was hit by a sizable earthquake.
she would later grace the covers of magazines such as elle and vogue.	she would later appear on the covers of magazines such as elle and vogue.
on the coast, 2.5 km from milltown malbay, spanish point was named after the unfortunate spanish who died here in 1588, when many ships of the spanish armada were wrecked during stormy weather.	on the coast, 2.5 km from milltown malbay, spanish point was named after the spanish who died here in 1588, when many ships of the spanish armada were wrecked during stormy weather.
"mainstream christians have called the church ""non-christian"" for it's rejection of the doctrine of the trinity, and for not accepting the creeds and beliefs held by the larger christian community."	"other christians have called the church ""non-christian"" for it's rejection of the doctrine of the trinity, and for not accepting the creeds and beliefs held by the larger christian community."
"the first award was shared by csicop fellows ray hyman and joe nickell and by andrew skolnick for their reports in 2005 on csicop's testing of the purported ""girl with x-ray eyes,"" natasha demkina."	"the first award was shared by csicop fellows ray hyman and joe nickell and by andrew skolnick for their reports in 2005 on csicop's testing of the soi-disant ""girl with x-ray eyes,"" natasha demkina."
"zoom is a horrible 2006 film released august 11, 2006. it is based upon the novel, ""zoom's academy"", by jason lethcoe."	"zoom is a 2006 film released august 11, 2006. it is based upon the novel, ""zoom's academy"", by jason lethcoe."
these, owing to their warmth of feeling, keen psychology, and fascinating descriptions of the beauties of nature, at once established his fame as a poet.	these, owing to their warmth of feeling, keen psychology, and descriptions of the beauties of nature, at once established his fame as a poet.
440,000 to 893,000 chinese civilians perishing in a man made flood by the nationalist to stop a chinese advance.	440,000 to 893,000 chinese civilians perishing in a man made flood by the nationalist to stop a japanese advance.
in the holy bible's old testament, the shoe is used to symbolize something that is worthless or of little value.	in the bible's old testament, the shoe is used to symbolize something that is worthless or of little value.
in telecommunications, the triple play service is a corny marketing term for the provisioning of the three services: high-speed internet, television (video on demand or regular broadcasts) and telephone service over a single broadband connection.	in telecommunications, the triple play service is a marketing term for the provisioning of the three services: high-speed internet, television (video on demand or regular broadcasts) and telephone service over a single broadband connection.
the college has also received national attention for its fine economic crime programs.	the college has also received national attention for its economic crime programs.
summer madness is considered to be the album's highlight, incorporating smooth melodies and a mesmerizing synthesizer.	summer madness is considered to be the album's highlight, incorporating smooth melodies and a synthesizer.
christopher francis stark is a british radio personality best known for his work as a contributor on the scott mills show on bbc radio 1.	christopher francis stark is a british radio personality known for his work as a contributor on the scott mills show on bbc radio 1.
the john birch society (jbs) is a ultra- conservative, americanist organization founded in 1958 to fight what it saw as growing threats to the constitution of the united states, especially a perceived communist infiltration, and to promote the free-enterprise system.	the john birch society (jbs) is a conservative, americanist organization founded in 1958 to fight what it saw as growing threats to the constitution of the united states, especially a perceived communist infiltration, and to promote the free-enterprise system.
adoption by same-sex couples is currently legal in several countries and jurisdictions throughout the world, while the majority of countries prohibit it.	adoption by same-sex couples is currently legal in the increasing number countries and jurisdictions throughout the world, while the majority of countries prohibit it.
her mother tuned her into bands such as the rolling stones, cream (band) and led zeppelin, while her father turned her to elivs presley and the everly brothers.	her mother tuned her into bands such as the rolling stones, cream (band) and led zeppelin, while her father turned her to elvis presley and the everly brothers.
writing in antiwar.com, justin raimondo pointed out the inconsistency in us policy of war on terror in supporting war on a group that is the only indigenous force capable of defeating al-qaeda and rooting them out.	writing in antiwar.com, justin raimondo pointed out the inconsistency in us policy of war on terror in supporting military attack on a group that is the only indigenous force capable of defeating al-qaeda and rooting them out.
there were numerous lidos (particularly in london and the south-west), but unfortunately hundreds have closed in the uk in recent times.	there were numerous lidos (particularly in london and the south-west), but hundreds have closed in the uk in recent times.
she hopes the subject can be debated by americans together, rather than it be settled by a massachusetts court or the activist mayor of san francisco.	she hopes the subject can be debated by americans together, rather than it be settled by a massachusetts court or the mayor of san francisco.
significant research has been done on the effects of this meditation technique on mind and body, ranging from its effects on cardiovascular disease to the experience of higher states of consciousness.	research has been done on the effects of this meditation technique on mind and body, ranging from its effects on cardiovascular disease to the experience of higher states of consciousness.
unfortunately , historical real rates of return show that the effects of taxation and inflation would likely leave you worse off than when you started (with the money on risk-free deposit).	however , historical real rates of return show that the effects of taxation and inflation would likely leave you worse off than when you started (with the money on risk-free deposit).
observers have stated a strategic aim was to force the syrian armywhich is undermannedto redeployee forces to latakia, and reportedly succeeded with regime forces being sent from idlib and hama to bolster defenses.	observers have stated a strategic aim was to force the syrian armywhich is undermannedto redeployee forces to latakia, and reportedly succeeded with government forces being sent from idlib and hama to bolster defenses.
"kang min is famous for his brilliant execution of surprising, high risk/high reward strategies, which has earned him the nickname ""dreamer""."	"kang min is famous for his effective execution of surprising, high risk/high reward strategies, which has earned him the nickname ""dreamer""."
others in the industry criticized his 2003 crossing of the mexican border to kidnap fugitive andrew luster (see below), saying that crossing into foreign countries is not something they condone.	others in the industry criticized his 2003 crossing of the mexican border to detain fugitive andrew luster (see below), saying that crossing into foreign countries is not something they condone.
veganism is the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products, particularly in diet, as well as following an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of sentient animals.	veganism is the practice of abstaining from the use of animal products, particularly in diet, as well as following an associated philosophy that rejects the commodity status of higher animals.
the 'maternal deprivation' controvesy	the 'maternal deprivation'
titled do you want to live forever?	the article was entitled do you want to live forever?
"another example of political framing is when the term ""pro-abortion"" is used by some pro-life individuals to mislabel pro-choice individuals, who never use that term to describe themselves."	"another example of political framing is when the term ""pro-abortion"" is used by some pro-life individuals to label pro-choice individuals, who never use that term to describe themselves."
so, we tried to use something that created the idea that somebody got their sic head cut off, but that it was more like a jolt of light came out of the head, and the lightning flew around them.	so, we tried to use something that created the idea that somebody got their head cut off, but that it was more like a jolt of light came out of the head, and the lightning flew around them.
jonathan kay, writing in the conservative national post, sharply criticized elmasry.	jonathan kay, writing in the national post, sharply criticized elmasry.
numerous other segments of the film were shot around the great state of indiana.	numerous other segments of the film were shot around the state of indiana.
some interesting members of abells catalog include:	some notable members of abells catalog include:
during the fifth century, the catholic church was thrown into confusion because of the debates that erupted over the nature of jesus christ.	during the fifth century, the christian church was thrown into confusion because of the debates that erupted over the nature of jesus christ.
the dave lee trio also produced music for the 1960s cult tv series the avengers, for which john dankworth had written the original theme music.	the dave lee trio also produced music for the 1960s tv series the avengers, for which john dankworth had written the original theme music.
creationism is the fallacious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their entirety by a deity or deities (typically god), whose existence is presupposed.	creationism is the belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their entirety by a deity or deities (typically god), whose existence is presupposed.
the artificial pancreas is a promising technology in development to help diabetic persons automatically control their blood glucose level by providing the substitute endocrine functionality of a healthy pancreas.	the artificial pancreas is a technology in development to help diabetic persons automatically control their blood glucose level by providing the substitute endocrine functionality of a healthy pancreas.
young was at one time under the care of the infamous psychologist and psychotherapist eugene landy, who would later have his professional california medical license revoked amidst accusations of ethical violations and patient misconduct.	young was at one time under the care of the psychologist and psychotherapist eugene landy, who would later have his professional california medical license revoked amidst accusations of ethical violations and patient misconduct.
"the evolutionist community considers 'creation science' to be pseudoscience which ""does not use any scientific reasoning."""	"the biological community considers 'creation science' to be pseudoscience which ""does not use any scientific reasoning."""
the national alliance is a white supremacist political organization based in the united states.	the national alliance is a white separatist political organization based in the united states.
thus, the country is often informally referred to as simply 'taiwan '.	thus, the country is often commonly referred to as simply 'taiwan'.
the vrije universiteit brussel is a flemish university located in brussels, belgium.	the vrije universiteit brussel is a dutch -speaking university located in brussels, belgium.
according to deputy minister of interior, zolfaghari, speaking to the irib, four terrorists disguised as women entered the parliament building.	according to deputy minister of interior, zolfaghari, speaking to the irib, four militants disguised as women entered the parliament building.
however, it was liberated in august 27, 1922. after 1923 it became a part of the republic of turkey.	however, it was recovered in august 27, 1922. after 1923 it became a part of the republic of turkey.
"unfortunately , no ""cold"" fusion experiments that gave an otherwise unexplainable net release of energy have so far been reproducible."	"to date , no ""cold"" fusion experiments that gave an otherwise unexplainable net release of energy have so far been reproducible."
he was best known for his role in zulu, the curse of the mummy's tomb and the mummy's shroud.	he was known for his role in zulu, the curse of the mummy's tomb and the mummy's shroud.
"he is best known as ""the pioneer printer of the middle colonies"" and the head of a family that included leading publishers for 140 years."	"he is best known as ""the pioneer printer of the middle colonies"" and the head of a family that included publishers for 140 years."
i spy was an emmy-award-winning american television secret agent adventure series.	i spy was an american television secret agent adventure series.
it is spoken in the central areas of hunan where it has been to some extent isolated from neighboring chinese languages , mandarin and gan, and it retains the voiced plosives of middle chinese, which are otherwise only preserved in wu dialects like shanghainese.	it is spoken in the central areas of hunan where it has been to some extent isolated from neighboring chinese varieties , mandarin and gan, and it retains the voiced plosives of middle chinese, which are otherwise only preserved in wu dialects like shanghainese.
"sin jenkins acknowledged that he and his wife lois were ""so worried about prowlers and break-ins in the area where they lived that they had security lights and window locks fitted to their home""."	"sin jenkins claimed that he and his wife lois were ""so worried about prowlers and break-ins in the area where they lived that they had security lights and window locks fitted to their home""."
jacob is an ancestor of the israelites.	jacob is the eponymous ancestor of the israelites.
many conservative christians like evangelicals and fundamentalists claim there is scientific foreknowledge in the bible although this line of argument is heavily criticised by others.	many conservative christians like evangelicals and fundamentalists claim there is scientific foreknowledge in the bible although this line of argument is criticised by others.
in the citywide elections milk emerged as a strong supervisor candidate because of his tireless campaigning and eagerness to use the media to keep his name in front of potential voters.	in the citywide elections milk emerged as a strong supervisor candidate because of his tireless campaigning and willingness to use the media to keep his name in front of potential voters.
and over eleven hundred anointed teaching tapes.	and over eleven hundred teaching tapes.
the gauls were finally conquered by julius caesar in the 50s bc despite a formidable rebellion by the arvernian chieftain vercingetorix.	the gauls were finally conquered by julius caesar in the 50s bc despite a rebellion by the arvernian chieftain vercingetorix.
the lucky play went for 32 yards and kept the drive alive.	the play went for 32 yards and kept the drive alive.
google has provided extensive benchmarks comparing leveldb's performance to sqlite and kyoto cabinet in different scenarios.	google has provided benchmarks comparing leveldb's performance to sqlite and kyoto cabinet in different scenarios.
renee ellmers is a family values republican with christian values.	renee ellmers claims to be a family values republican with christian values.
jones is a co-founder of three successful non-profit organizations.	jones is a co-founder of three non-profit organizations.
"relying upon an alleged admission by harper that the new york times article which published his earlier statement contained a minor mistake, researchid and discovery institute claimed that this was indicative of larger errors and bias: ""the media has misrepresented the record of the intelligent design research community."""	"relying upon an alleged admission by harper that the new york times article which published his earlier statement contained a mistake, researchid and discovery institute claimed that this was indicative of larger errors and bias: ""the media has misrepresented the record of the intelligent design research community."""
he currently writes a popular humour column for the united kingdom newspaper the independent and the oldie.	he currently writes a humour column for the united kingdom newspaper the independent and the oldie.
however, the arbiters insisted that some moves be played, so the players played the following ridiculous game: 1. c4 nf6 2. nf3 g6 3. ng1 bg7 4. qa4 0-0 5. qxd7 qxd7 6. g4 qxd2+ 7. kxd2 nxg4 8. b4 a5 9. a4 bxa1 10. bb2 nc6 11. bh8 bg7 12. h4 axb4 draw agreed).	however, the arbiters insisted that some moves be played, so the players played the following game: 1. c4 nf6 2. nf3 g6 3. ng1 bg7 4. qa4 0-0 5. qxd7 qxd7 6. g4 qxd2+ 7. kxd2 nxg4 8. b4 a5 9. a4 bxa1 10. bb2 nc6 11. bh8 bg7 12. h4 axb4 draw agreed).
however, primatologists such as jane goodall have identified aspects of culture among our closest relatives in the animal kingdom.	however, primatologists such as jane goodall have identified aspects of culture among human's closest relatives in the animal kingdom.
minaj's physique has attracted positive attention from the media.	minaj's physique has attracted attention from the media.
1952 - roseanne, american actress and comedian	1952 - roseanne, american actor and comedian
a caveman or troglodyteis a popular stock character based upon stereotyped concepts of the way in which early prehistoric humans or homininans may have looked and behaved.	a caveman or troglodyteis a popular stock character based upon popular concepts of the way in which early prehistoric humans or homininans may have looked and behaved.
impressive self shadowing effects on characters, objects and environment.call of duty 4: modern warfare runs on a proprietary engine, and has features such as true world-dynamic lighting, hdr lighting effects, dynamic shadows and depth of field.	self shadowing effects on characters, objects and environment.call of duty 4: modern warfare runs on a proprietary engine, and has features such as true world-dynamic lighting, hdr lighting effects, dynamic shadows and depth of field.
he was unlawfully killed by united states troops in iraq while he was covering the 2003 invasion of iraq for itn.	he was killed by united states troops in iraq while he was covering the 2003 invasion of iraq for itn.
uschi glas (born march 2, 1944) is a much-loved german film and television actress.	uschi glas (born march 2, 1944) is a popular german film and television actress.
runescape is a cool mmorpg comparable to guild wars and everquest.	runescape is a mmorpg comparable to guild wars and everquest.
the beautiful version that stterlin developed was taught in german schools from 1935 to 1941. stterlin was designed by and named after ludwig stterlin, a german graphical designer and teacher who was commissioned to do so by the prussian ministry for culture in 1911. the word stterlin is nowadays often used to refer to all varieties of old german handwriting.	the version that stterlin developed was taught in german schools from 1935 to 1941. stterlin was designed by and named after ludwig stterlin, a german graphical designer and teacher who was commissioned to do so by the prussian ministry for culture in 1911. the word stterlin is nowadays often used to refer to all varieties of old german handwriting.
"he figures in five magical lines of seamus heaney's second ""glanmore sonnet"":""'these things are not secrets but mysteries',/oisin kelly told me years ago/in belfast, hankering after stone/that connived with the chisel, as if the grain/remembered what the mallet tapped to know."""	"he figures in five lines of seamus heaney 's second ""glanmore sonnet"":""'these things are not secrets but mysteries',/oisin kelly told me years ago/in belfast, hankering after stone/that connived with the chisel, as if the grain/remembered what the mallet tapped to know."""
the decision was highly controversial when announced and remains a subject of pervasive discussion.	the decision was highly controversial when announced and remains a subject of widespread discussion.
born into a buddhist family, hussain yee embraced islam at the age of 18. yee studied under the scholar muhammad nasiruddin al-albani.	born into a buddhist family, hussain yee converted to islam at the age of 18. yee studied under the scholar muhammad nasiruddin al-albani.
camila grey (camila cristinna gutierrez, born january 6, 1979) is a beautiful los angeles based musician currently performing in the duo uh huh her.	camila grey (camila cristinna gutierrez, born january 6, 1979) is a los angeles based musician currently performing in the duo uh huh her.
teams from the cia's famed special activities division were the first u.s. forces to enter afghanistan and begin combat operations.	teams from the cia's special activities division were the first u.s. forces to enter afghanistan and begin combat operations.
bikini news is a series of satirical news videos featuring two comediennes performing in bikinis in a comedic style similar to the daily show and saturday night live available in podcast and vodcast form, as well as in mov and wmv file formats.	bikini news is a series of satirical news videos featuring two comedians performing in bikinis in a comedic style similar to the daily show and saturday night live available in podcast and vodcast form, as well as in mov and wmv file formats.
in right-wing speech in the western world, a communist state is one ruled by a single political party which declares its allegiance to the principles of marxism-leninism.	in common speech in the western world, a communist state is one ruled by a single political party which declares its allegiance to the principles of marxism-leninism.
the name refers to the deviant sexual practice of the same name (see above).	the name refers to the sexual practice of the same name (see above).
after championship decider defeats by patrickswell in 1997 and by ahane in 2004, it was third time lucky for garryspillane in 2005. a 2-15 to 2-12 defeat of near neighbours kilmallock gave ryan a coveted championship medal.	after championship decider defeats by patrickswell in 1997 and by ahane in 2004, it was third time lucky for garryspillane in 2005. a 2-15 to 2-12 defeat of near neighbours kilmallock gave ryan a limerick senior hurling championship medal.
strict vegetarians are demanding meatless supermarkets	some vegetarians are demanding meatless supermarkets
sir clough williams-ellis, portmeirion's designer, denied repeated claims that the design was based on the picturesque fishing village of portofino on the italian riviera.	sir clough williams-ellis, portmeirion's designer, denied repeated claims that the design was based on the fishing village of portofino on the italian riviera.
in may 2017, google announced that the galaxy s8 and s8 plus will support google's daydream virtual reality platform after samsung rolls out a software update over-the-air, slated for summer 2017.	in may 2017, google announced that the galaxy s8 and s8 plus will support google's daydream virtual reality platform after samsung rolls out a software update over-the-air, slated for mid- 2017.
the regions thereby created have been successively modified until attaining their present shape.	the regions thereby created have been modified until attaining their present shape.
the spectators were visibly affected by the pathetic scene, and gave a sigh of relief when it was ended.	the spectators were visibly affected by the scene, and gave a sigh of relief when it was ended.
"the drive started at san francisco city hall and ended on treasure island after winding around the picturesque ""city by the bay."""	"the drive started at san francisco city hall and ended on treasure island after winding around the ""city by the bay."""
the school has a collection of exquisite honors, including the 2007 governor's award.	the school has a collection of honors, including the 2007 governor's award.
vostok battalion a russian-intelligence linked group operating in the donbass region of ukraine.	vostok battalion a volunteer resistence linked group operating in the donbass region of ukraine.
henry waxman report on disinformation	henry waxman report on crisis pregnancy centers
herman oskarovich gref (, born february 8, 1964) is a russian german statesman and top manager.	herman oskarovich gref (, born february 8, 1964) is a russian german politician and top manager.
he also assisted rabbi salant in the management of the rabbi meir baal haneis salant charity founded by rabbis zundel and shmuel salant in 1860. rabbi salant died at the end of 1909, and rabbi chaim berlin led the jerusalem rabbinate and the rabbi meir baal haneis salant charity until his passing in 1913.	he also assisted rabbi salant in the management of the rabbi meir baal haneis salant charity founded by rabbis zundel and shmuel salant in 1860. rabbi salant died at the end of 1909, and rabbi chaim berlin led the jerusalem rabbinate and the rabbi meir baal haneis salant charity until his death in 1913.
on her passing in 1966, aged 65, walker was interred in the westwood village memorial park cemetery in los angeles.	on her death in 1966, aged 65, walker was interred in the westwood village memorial park cemetery in los angeles.
in 1950 rca finally began releasing long-playing vinyl gramophone records, or lps (originally introduced by columbia records in 1948), because they were losing artists and sales due to the company's resistance to adopting the new format.	in 1950 rca began releasing long-playing vinyl gramophone records, or lps (originally introduced by columbia records in 1948), because they were losing artists and sales due to the company's resistance to adopting the new format.
merrymeeting lake is a beautiful 1,111-acre water body located in strafford county in eastern new hampshire, united states, in the town of new durham.	merrymeeting lake is a 1,111-acre water body located in strafford county in eastern new hampshire, united states, in the town of new durham.
it is administered by cal/epa's california office of environmental health hazard assessment (oehha), which maintains a helpful website on the law.	it is administered by cal/epa's california office of environmental health hazard assessment (oehha), which maintains a website on the law.
"critics of network neutrality rules, meanwhile, call them ""a solution in search of a problem"" and believe that net neutrality rules would reduce incentives to upgrade networks and launch next-generation network services."	"critics of network neutrality rules, meanwhile, call them ""a solution in search of a problem"" and say that net neutrality rules would reduce incentives to upgrade networks and launch next-generation network services."
margaux louise hemingway (february 16, 1955 – july 1, 1996) was an american fashion supermodel and actress.	margaux louise hemingway (february 16, 1955 – july 1, 1996) was an american fashion model and actress.
he performed at eric clapton's prestigious crossroads guitar festival, an honor bestowed upon only the most-talented of guitarists.	he performed at eric clapton's crossroads guitar festival, an honor bestowed upon only the most-talented of guitarists.
it is a valuable document of natural history and historical biogeography.	it is a notable document of natural history and historical biogeography.
many of the artist studios are open to the public intermittently .	many of the artist studios are open to the public.
syrian government fighters remove the last rebels from douma, completing the regime 's recapture of former rebel stronghold eastern ghouta.	syrian government fighters remove the last rebels from douma, completing the syrian government 's recapture of former rebel stronghold eastern ghouta.
fabiano anthony forte (born february 6, 1943), better known as fabian, is an american singer and actor.	fabiano anthony forte (born february 6, 1943), professionally known as fabian, is an american singer and actor.
in common with many conservative and labour mps one of his arguments was the erroneous claim that the av system is contrary to the principle of 1 person 1 vote.	in common with many conservative and labour mps one of his arguments was the claim that the av system is contrary to the principle of 1 person 1 vote.
nearly all these projects were aimed at increasing the capital leopold and his cohorts could extract from the colony, leading to atrocious exploitation of africans.	nearly all these projects were aimed at increasing the capital leopold and his cohorts could extract from the colony, leading to exploitation of africans.
the 2009 national league cy young voting outraged many baseball critics when two writers left st. louis cardinals' starter chris carpenter off of their ballots in a shocking move that cost carpenter the award.	the 2009 national league cy young voting outraged many baseball critics when two writers left st. louis cardinals' starter chris carpenter off of their ballots in a move that cost carpenter the award.
the victims were mainly small and medium landholders, since most of the large landholdings had fallen to the nationalists.	the targets were mainly small and medium landholders, since most of the large landholdings had fallen to the nationalists.
bell learnt tap dancing but unfortunately did not make it to the final.	bell learnt tap dancing but did not make it to the final.
the designers of the metric system meant to make it as neutral as possible so that it could be adopted universally .	the designers of the metric system meant to make it as neutral as possible so that it could be adopted by all countries in the world .
around 1993 it was rumoured that john major's government might make it a public holiday in place of may day, and this plan has been re-hashed in the 2011 tourism strategy created by the cammeron/clegg government .	around 1993 it was rumoured that john major's government might make it a public holiday in place of may day, and this plan has been revived in the 2011 tourism strategy created by the cammeron/clegg government .
it is bordered by montenegro to the northwest, serbia to the northeast, the republic of macedonia to the east, and greece to the south and southeast.	it is bordered by montenegro to the northwest, the disputed territory of kosovo to the northeast, the republic of macedonia to the east, and greece to the south and southeast.
alan gribben is a professor of english at auburn university at montgomery in alabama and a noted mark twain scholar.	alan gribben is a professor of english at auburn university at montgomery in alabama and a mark twain scholar.
bruno mattei (30 july 1931 21 may 2007) was an italian film director and editor who gained a massive cult following for his exploitation films.	bruno mattei (30 july 1931 21 may 2007) was an italian film director and editor who gained a cult following for his exploitation films.
being ridiculed was commonplace, and he, as a former disney star, was constantly made the target of the cruel remarks and barbs of jealous fellow students.	being ridiculed was commonplace, and he, as a former disney star, was constantly made the target of the cruel remarks and barbs of fellow students.
harvey probber (september 17, 1922 february 16, 2003) was an iconic american furniture designer who is credited with inventing sectional, modular seating in the 1940s.	harvey probber (september 17, 1922 february 16, 2003) was an american furniture designer who is credited with inventing sectional, modular seating in the 1940s.
in ireland, all except those on high incomes are eligible for a medical card which allows the holder access to free gp care and requires only 2.50 for each prescription drug.	in ireland, all except those on high incomes are eligible for a medical card which allows the holder access to free gp care and requires 2.50 for each prescription drug.
on 28 november 1854, the reinforcements marching from melbourne were attacked by a mob of miners.	on 28 november 1854, the reinforcements marching from melbourne were attacked by a crowd of miners.
supporters of the solutrean hypothesis had pointed to the presence of haplogroup x, the global distribution of which is strongest in anatolia and the northeast of america, a pattern supposedly consistent with their position.	supporters of the solutrean hypothesis had pointed to the presence of haplogroup x, the global distribution of which is strongest in anatolia and the northeast of america, a pattern argued to be consistent with their position.
"james lawrence ""larry"" fly (february 22, 1898 january 6, 1966) was an influential american lawyer, famous as chairman of the federal communications commission and, later, director of the american civil liberties union."	"james lawrence ""larry"" fly (february 22, 1898 january 6, 1966) was an american lawyer, famous as chairman of the federal communications commission and, later, director of the american civil liberties union."
cunninlynguists are a multifaceted (they both rhyme and produce) hip-hop duo from the dirty south.	cunninlynguists are a multifaceted (they both rhyme and produce) hip-hop duo from the south.
zoe quinn has claimed that gamergate was manufactured by members of 4chan operating on a private channel specifically to attack her and her followers for her feminist views.	zoe quinn has stated that gamergate was manufactured by members of 4chan operating on a private channel specifically to attack her and her followers for her feminist views.
the same investigation found that only one tower block in three has more than one staircase where people can be evacuated.	the same investigation found that one tower block in three has more than one staircase where people can be evacuated.
enacted by the u.s. congress after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, the act enhances the authority of u.s. law enforcement for the purported intention of investigating and preempting potential terrorism.	enacted by the u.s. congress after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, the act enhances the authority of u.s. law enforcement for the intention of investigating and preempting potential terrorism.
in february 1996, one of the maoist parties started a bid to replace the parliamentary monarchy with a so-called people's new democratic republic, through a maoist revolutionary strategy known as the people's war, which led to the nepalese civil war.	in february 1996, one of the maoist parties started a bid to replace the parliamentary monarchy with a people's new democratic republic, through a maoist revolutionary strategy known as the people's war, which led to the nepalese civil war.
maria does not want to establish a family but instead aborts her babies .	maria does not want to establish a family but instead aborts her pregnancies .
perhaps one of fox's best known characteristics is her array of awful tattoos on her body:	perhaps one of fox's best known characteristics is her array of tattoos on her body:
the international polka association based in chicago, illinois works to preserve the rich cultural heritage of polka music and to honor its musicians through the polka hall of fame.	the international polka association based in chicago, illinois works to preserve the cultural heritage of polka music and to honor its musicians through the polka hall of fame.
"the presentation was remembered because gilberto barros spoke during the singer's presentation, and then generated the unforgettable meme ""aeeeee kasino""."	"the presentation was remembered because gilberto barros spoke during the singer's presentation, and then generated the meme ""aeeeee kasino""."
in more recent times, the web comic jerkcity has incorporated witty references to sea cucumbers.	in more recent times, the web comic jerkcity has incorporated references to sea cucumbers.
access to the much of the information experian holds is subject to strict regulatory control, depending on the regulations in each country it operates.	access to the much of the information experian holds is subject to regulatory control, depending on the regulations in each country it operates.
azeri nationalism has oscillated since the islamic revolution and recently escalated into riots over the publication of a cartoon, (drawn by mana neyestani, ironically an ethnic azeri, who was fired along with his editor as a result of the cartoon controversy), in may 2006 that many azeris found offensive.	azeri nationalism has oscillated since the islamic revolution and recently escalated into riots over the publication of a cartoon, (drawn by mana neyestani, an ethnic azeri, who was fired along with his editor as a result of the cartoon controversy), in may 2006 that many azeris found offensive.
pro- separatist trade unions, businesses, and schools in catalonia hold a general strike to protest spanish police brutality during the october 1 independence referendum.	pro- independent trade unions, businesses, and schools in catalonia hold a general strike to protest spanish police brutality during the october 1 independence referendum.
khalidi has written dozens of scholarly articles on middle east history and politics, as well as op-ed pieces in many u.s. newspapers.	khalidi has written dozens of articles on middle east history and politics, as well as op-ed pieces in many u.s. newspapers.
he graduated with honours from the ghent municipal technical school and was awarded a scholarship by the city of ghent to study chemistry at the university of ghent, where he acquired a phd maxima cum laude at the age of only 21. he was subsequently appointed associate professor of chemistry in 1889, and married cline swarts, the daughter of his head of department.	he graduated with honours from the ghent municipal technical school and was awarded a scholarship by the city of ghent to study chemistry at the university of ghent, where he acquired a phd maxima cum laude at the age of 21. he was subsequently appointed associate professor of chemistry in 1889, and married cline swarts, the daughter of his head of department.
he worked as a physicist in bell aircraft corporation, researching aerodynamics and the problem of atmospheric reentry, and as a mathematics professor at mit, ucla and oregon state university, doing research in the field of differential geometry and publishing mathematical articles in prestigious academic journals.	he worked as a physicist in bell aircraft corporation, researching aerodynamics and the problem of atmospheric reentry, and as a mathematics professor at mit, ucla and oregon state university, doing research in the field of differential geometry and publishing mathematical articles in academic journals.
siri has not been well received by some english speakers with heavy accents, including scottish and americans from boston or the south.	siri has not been well received by some english speakers with distinctive accents, including scottish and americans from boston or the south.
hufty is the television name of a former female the word presenter, infamous in part for her lesbianism.	hufty is the television name of a former female the word presenter, well-known in part for her lesbianism.
in january 2012, the bbc carried reported that 250 or more people, many of them described as army deserters, had been massacred on 1920 december 2011 by syrian government forces.	in january 2012, the bbc carried reported that 250 or more people, many of them described as army deserters, had been killed on 1920 december 2011 by syrian government forces.
in 2011 quorn won the westerby cup for the first time with a thrilling 5-4 victory over hinckley united at walkers stadium.	in 2011 quorn won the westerby cup for the first time with a 5-4 victory over hinckley united at walkers stadium.
"the series chronicles the life of miles (hall), an outspoken atheist, who is sent a friend request on facebook by someone calling themselves ""god""."	"the series chronicles the life of miles (hall), an outspoken atheist, who is sent a friend request on facebook by someone calling themself ""god""."
in 1995 he joined legendary christian rock band petra which exposed him to lots of worldwide touring and studio experience.	in 1995 he joined christian rock band petra which exposed him to lots of worldwide touring and studio experience.
fortunately many people who read the article challenged his claim, and came forward citing personal and/or secondary acquaintance.	many people who read the article challenged his claim, and came forward citing personal and/or secondary acquaintance.
another clear example of eucatastrophe is the recurring role of the eagles as unexpected rescuers throughout tolkien's writing.	another example of eucatastrophe is the recurring role of the eagles as unexpected rescuers throughout tolkien's writing.
tidal power schemes have a very high capital cost and a very low running cost.	tidal power schemes have a high capital cost and a very low running cost.
the mayor had won his battle and it was christened the george bolton swimming centre in his honour upon opening.	the mayor had won his battle and it was named the george bolton swimming centre in his honour upon opening.
anne meara (1929-2015) american comedienne and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller (lapsed roman catholic)	anne meara (1929-2015) american comedian and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller (lapsed roman catholic)
hunter hall, a beautiful new residence hall, was completed in august 2009. long term, the college hopes to build a second new residence hall, a new academic building, new athletic field house and a new dining hall/student center.	hunter hall, a new residence hall, was completed in august 2009. long term, the college hopes to build a second new residence hall, a new academic building, new athletic field house and a new dining hall/student center.
the classic coastal steamer built in 1956 and the superstructure of the first are on land at stokmarknes as a museum about hurtigruten: a new finnmarken has since been added to the fleet.	the coastal steamer built in 1956 and the superstructure of the first are on land at stokmarknes as a museum about hurtigruten: a new finnmarken has since been added to the fleet.
oundle school is a prestigious public school located in the ancient market town of oundle in northamptonshire, england.	oundle school is a public school located in the ancient market town of oundle in northamptonshire, england.
"the neutral british newspaper financial times described the incident as follows: ""the match turned on the worst of refereeing decisions."	"the british newspaper financial times described the incident as follows: ""the match turned on the worst of refereeing decisions."
philippine independence finally came on july 4, 1946, with the signing of the treaty of manila between the governments of the united states and the philippines.	philippine independence came on july 4, 1946, with the signing of the treaty of manila between the governments of the united states and the philippines.
the initiative was finally defeated when, on 7 october 2010, a narrow majority of members adopted a number of amendments that turned it into its opposite: it now re-affirms the free exercise of conscientious objection, instead of restricting it.	the initiative was ultimately defeated when, on 7 october 2010, a narrow majority of members adopted a number of amendments that turned it into its opposite: it now re-affirms the free exercise of conscientious objection, instead of restricting it.
in 1984, the proto-punk band, guadacanal diary, based in marietta, georgia usa, recorded a wonderful version on their album watusi rodeo.	in 1984, the proto-punk band, guadacanal diary, based in marietta, georgia usa, recorded a version on their album watusi rodeo.
the vessel is just one of ten yachts owned by her family, which has a net worth of $5.3 billion.	the vessel is one of ten yachts owned by her family, which has a net worth of $5.3 billion.
webkit in particular made great progress; in less than a month their score rose from 60 to 87.	webkit in particular made progress; in less than a month their score rose from 60 to 87.
chislev, also known as the beast, wild one, and world mother, represents instinct.	chislev, also known as the beast, wild one, and world mother, is the godly force of instinct.
artificial intelligence in combination with the progressing development of natural-language processing, machine learning, and deep structured learning and its impact on todays work marketplace is a highly debated and researched topic.	artificial intelligence in combination with the progressing development of natural-language processing, machine learning, and deep learning and its impact on todays work marketplace is a highly debated and researched topic.
in the united states, homeschooling is the focus of a substantial minority movement among parents who wish to provide their children with a custom or more complete education that is unattainable in public schools.	in the united states, homeschooling is the focus of a substantial minority movement among parents who wish to provide their children with a custom or more complete education which they feel is unattainable in public schools.
turkey maintains illegally the cyprus turkish brigade (kbrs trk alay) in the northern part of the republic of cyprus.	turkey maintains the cyprus turkish brigade (kbrs trk alay) in the northern part of the republic of cyprus.
the concept of the show was taken from one of the tasks nikki undertook while in the big brother house in which she was big brother's personal assistant and had to carry out various duties which often resulted in nikki carrying out various comical tantrums .	the concept of the show was taken from one of the tasks nikki undertook while in the big brother house in which she was big brother's personal assistant and had to carry out various duties which often resulted in nikki carrying out various tantrums .
"he was a freemason, a membership shared with a number of other improbable athletes, including fellow boxer jack dempsey."""	"he was a freemason, a membership shared with a number of other athletes, including fellow boxer jack dempsey."""
minnevitch went on to make many stage and screen appearances before his untimely death in paris in 1955 at age 52.	minnevitch went on to make many stage and screen appearances before his death in paris in 1955 at age 52.
terrorism in saudi arabia has mainly been attributed to islamic extremists.	terrorism in saudi arabia has formerly been attributed to islamic extremists.
in response, the israeli air force struck two targets in the gaza strip: a hamas militant site in gaza city, and a palestinian islamic jihad militant site in nuseirat.	in response, the israeli air force struck two targets in the gaza strip: a hamas site in gaza city, and a palestinian islamic jihad militant site in nuseirat.
more recently, they were widely used in china, hong kong, vietnam, and even toronto, canada during outbreaks of the sars virus.	more recently, they were widely used in china, hong kong, vietnam, and toronto, canada during outbreaks of the sars virus.
she grew up on the upper east side and inherited her father's fortune when he died in 1950. she is an alumna of the madeira school, a prestigious virginia boarding school for girls.	she grew up on the upper east side and inherited her father's fortune when he died in 1950. she is an alumna of the madeira school, a virginia boarding school for girls.
waldorf charter schools, however, routinely hire waldorf trained (private) teachers who have been trained with religious texts and teaching methods.	waldorf charter schools, however, routinely hire waldorf trained (private) teachers who have been trained with anthroposophical texts and teaching methods.
however, due to his poor performances throughout the year, he has dropped to fourth on the giants depth chart, behind even rookie ahmad bradshaw, and was replaced by the latter as kick returner after similar special-teams performances.	however, due to his poor performances throughout the year, he has dropped to fourth on the giants depth chart, behind rookie ahmad bradshaw, and was replaced by the latter as kick returner after similar special-teams performances.
there is much doubt regarding their guilt, stirred in part by upton sinclair's 1928 novel boston.	there is much controversy regarding their guilt, stirred in part by upton sinclair's 1928 novel boston.
most christians hold that the gospels also claim that jesus is divine and equal to god the father (john 8:58; john 10:30); however, many other groups claim that the gospels are unclear on the subject.	most christians hold that the gospels also claim that jesus is divine and equal to god the father (john 8:58; john 10:30); however, other groups claim that the gospels are unclear on the subject.
a few weeks later, john douglas who was an active member of morality in media claimed that he heard the broadcast while he was driving with his 15-year-old son in a complaint filed with the federal communications commission (fcc).	a few weeks later, john douglas who was an active member of morality in media stated that he heard the broadcast while he was driving with his 15-year-old son in a complaint filed with the federal communications commission (fcc).
khachkar destruction in nakhchivan refers to documented accusations by armenia against azerbaijan of embarking on a campaign beginning in 1998 to december 2005 to completely demolish the cemetery of finely carved armenian khachkars in the town of julfa, nakhchivan, an exclave of azerbaijan.	khachkar destruction in nakhchivan refers to accusations by armenia against azerbaijan of embarking on a campaign beginning in 1998 to december 2005 to completely demolish the cemetery of finely carved armenian khachkars in the town of julfa, nakhchivan, an exclave of azerbaijan.
jennifer jones (march 2, 1919 december 17, 2009), also known as jennifer jones simon, was an american oscar-winning actress during the hollywood golden years.	jennifer jones (march 2, 1919 december 17, 2009), also known as jennifer jones simon, was an american actress during the hollywood golden years.
today the global scientific community overwhelmingly accepts and successfully applies the theory of evolution (see also natural selection.)	today the global scientific community overwhelmingly accepts and applies the theory of evolution (see also natural selection.)
jane curtin actress, comedienne , and founding member of saturday night live	jane curtin actress, comedian , and founding member of saturday night live
the french quarter was fortunately above the flooding that devastated the majority of new orleans in the aftermath of hurricane katrina in 2005 (see: effect of hurricane katrina on new orleans), but antoine's suffered from the hurricane winds which damaged part of the roof and knocked down a section of exterior wall.	the french quarter was above the flooding that devastated the majority of new orleans in the aftermath of hurricane katrina in 2005 (see: effect of hurricane katrina on new orleans), but antoine's suffered from the hurricane winds which damaged part of the roof and knocked down a section of exterior wall.
iron condor - the simultaneous buying of a put spread and a call spread with the same expiration and four different strikes.	iron condor - the simultaneous selling of a put spread and a call spread with the same expiration and four different strikes.
the oilers have not since been able to duplicate that level of success since, however, they did capture their seventh conference title in 200506, as their cinderella run took them to the seventh game of the stanley cup finals, which they lost to the carolina hurricanes.	the oilers have not since been able to duplicate that level of success since, however, they did capture their seventh conference title in 200506, as their run took them to the seventh game of the stanley cup finals, which they lost to the carolina hurricanes.
in january 2006, google agreed to censor their mainland china site, google.cn, to remove information about the 1989 tiananmen square massacre , as well as other topics such as tibetan independence, the persecuted spiritual movement falun gong and the political status of taiwan, confirming that tiananmen is still an issue the government wants to avoid.	in january 2006, google agreed to censor their mainland china site, google.cn, to remove information about the 1989 tiananmen square massacre , as well as other topics such as tibetan independence, the banned spiritual movement falun gong and the political status of taiwan, confirming that tiananmen is still an issue the government wants to avoid.
cryopreservation of humans is not reversible with present technology; cryonicists hope that medical advances will someday allow cryopreserved people to be revived.	cryopreservation of humans is not reversible with present technology; cryonicists hope that medical advances will someday allow cryopreserved bodies to be revived.
"in the second half of the 20th century, vodka owed its popularity in part to its reputation as an alcoholic beverage that ""leaves you breathless"", as one ad put it no smell of liquor remains detectable on the breath, and its neutral flavor which allows it to be mixed into a wide variety of drinks, often replacing other liquors (particularly gin) in traditional drinks, such as the martini."	"in the second half of the 20th century, vodka owed its popularity in part to its reputation as an alcoholic beverage that ""leaves you breathless"", as one ad put it no smell of liquor remains detectable on the breath, and its neutral flavor allows it to be mixed into a wide variety of drinks, often replacing other liquors (particularly gin) in traditional drinks, such as the martini."
one bizarre implication of this idea would be that supernovae that occur in the distant universe would have had to have been manufactured optical effects at the time of creation.	one implication of this idea would be that supernovae that occur in the distant universe would have had to have been manufactured optical effects at the time of creation.
since then, charles and david koch have adopted a much less visible strategy toward advancing their libertarian agenda .	since then, charles and david koch have adopted a much less visible strategy toward advancing their libertarian positions .
there is a good biography by christine s. nicholls, elspeth huxley: a biography (harper collins, 2002).	there is a biography by christine s. nicholls, elspeth huxley: a biography (harper collins, 2002).
defending world champion is the russian irina slutskaya, who shortly before the olympics became the first woman to win the european championship seven times, while the defending olympic champion sarah hughes has not competed since 2003. american favorite, michelle kwan, who was greenlighted to the olympics by a medical ok by the ioc, has decided to drop out, leaving american sweetheart sasha cohen to defend the american title of gold and bronze, along with kimmie meissner and alternate emily hughes.	defending world champion is the russian irina slutskaya, who shortly before the olympics became the first woman to win the european championship seven times, while the defending olympic champion sarah hughes has not competed since 2003. american favorite, michelle kwan, who was greenlighted to the olympics by a medical ok by the ioc, has decided to drop out, leaving american sasha cohen to defend the american title of gold and bronze, along with kimmie meissner and alternate emily hughes.
the format is fun, engaging, and simple covering the latest in cannabis news, visually-driven social media stories, and even an astrology segment.	the format is fun, engaging, and simple covering the latest in cannabis news, visually-driven social media stories, and an astrology segment.
khaled mashaal has claimed responsibility for numerous palestinian suicide bomb attacks since the second intifada, which altogether have claimed many israelis' lives.	khaled mashaal has claimed responsibility for numerous palestinian suicide bomb attacks since the second intifada, which altogether have claimed a number of israelis' lives.
barrymore was born in philadelphia into an extremely illustrious theatrical family.	barrymore was born in philadelphia into an illustrious theatrical family.
previous aircraft operated by the air force consisted of the coveted p-51d mustang, douglas b-26, c-47, lockheed t-33, and more recently the s-76 spirit helicopter, as well as some fouga cm.170 magisters'	previous aircraft operated by the air force consisted of the p-51d mustang, douglas b-26, c-47, lockheed t-33, and more recently the s-76 spirit helicopter, as well as some fouga cm.170 magisters'
west of blue mesa and immediately downriver from crystal dam is black canyon of the gunnison national park, a national park service unit that offers camping, hiking, and spectacular views of the river and the surrounding 1900-ft. deep canyon.	west of blue mesa and immediately downriver from crystal dam is black canyon of the gunnison national park, a national park service unit that offers camping, hiking, and views of the river and the surrounding 1900-ft. deep canyon.
seattle seahawks quarterback russell wilson threw a 33-yard sideline pass to kearse that butler seemed to tip away.	seattle seahawks quarterback russell wilson threw a 33-yard sideline pass to kearse that butler attempted to tip away.
our mission is to deliver resilient and affordable space capabilities for the nation.	their mission is to deliver resilient and affordable space capabilities for the nation.
the crusaders massacre jews in several central european cities, most notably in rhineland (over 5,000 jews murdered ).	the crusaders massacre jews in several central european cities, most notably in rhineland (over 5,000 jews killed ).
"sergey anatolyevitch torop (, sergej anatolevi torop; born 14 january 1961 in krasnodar, russian sfsr), known by his followers as vissarion (, ""he who gives new life""), is a russian mystic and cult leader."	"sergey anatolyevitch torop (, sergej anatolevi torop; born 14 january 1961 in krasnodar, russian sfsr), known by his followers as vissarion (, ""he who gives new life""), is a russian mystic and religious leader."
many socialist anarchists and individualists consider the socialist views of some individualist anarchists as essential to individualist anarchism, and reject anarcho-capitalist claims to belong to the individualist anarchist tradition.	many traditional anarchists and individualists consider the socialist views of some individualist anarchists as essential to individualist anarchism, and reject anarcho-capitalist claims to belong to the individualist anarchist tradition.
mitchell ryan is an american actor known mostly for playing burke devlin in the 1960s gothic soap opera dark shadows.	mitchell ryan is an american actor known for playing burke devlin in the 1960s gothic soap opera dark shadows.
20072010: povetkin bout, move to cruiserweight , and retirement	20072010: povetkin bout, move to light heavyweight , and retirement
"during the baath party regime in the 70's and 80's, the region was called ""kurdish autonomous region""."	"during the baath party administration in the 70's and 80's, the region was called ""kurdish autonomous region""."
winfield was homosexual but remained discreet about it in the public eye.	winfield was gay but remained discreet about it in the public eye.
"gwendoline ""gwen"" farrar (14 july 1899 25 december 1944) was an english duettist, cellist, singer, actress and comedienne ."	"gwendoline ""gwen"" farrar (14 july 1899 25 december 1944) was an english duettist, cellist, singer, actress and comedian ."
to the puritans, these seemed to be a step in the direction of roman catholicism, which the church of england had separated from during the english reformation.	to the puritans, these seemed to be a step in the direction of catholicism, which the church of england had separated from during the english reformation.
there were occasional flashes of greatness107 yards against the broncos, 103 against the chargers, where he recorded his 63rd and 64th career 100 yard gamesbut those would unfortunately be his last.	there were occasional flashes of greatness107 yards against the broncos, 103 against the chargers, where he recorded his 63rd and 64th career 100 yard gamesbut those would be his last.
prior to the invasion of european settlers, what is now called ipswich was home to multiple tribal lands, including the yuggera and ugarapul indigenous australian groups.	prior to the arrival of european settlers, what is now called ipswich was home to multiple tribal lands, including the yuggera and ugarapul indigenous australian groups.
"orgone energy is a term coined by mad physician and psychoanalyst wilhelm reich for the ""universal life energy"" that he said he had discovered in the late 1930s."	"orgone energy is a term coined by physician and psychoanalyst wilhelm reich for the ""universal life energy"" that he said he had discovered in the late 1930s."
in 2004 he left his post as director of casa alianza after unproven claims of sexual misconduct were brought against him.	in 2004 he left his post as director of casa alianza after claims of sexual misconduct were brought against him.
the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades (; named after izz ad-din al-qassam, often shortened to al-qassam brigades) is the military wing of the palestinian islamist fundamentalist terrorist organisation hamas.	the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades (; named after izz ad-din al-qassam, often shortened to al-qassam brigades) is the military wing of the palestinian islamist fundamentalist socio-political organisation hamas.
"allegedly, when gerber started selling baby food in africa, they used a beautiful babys picture on the cover, the same way they do in the usa; and allegedly, uneducated africans construed this as depicting babies as food.. nonetheless, the word means ""to vomit"" in french."	"allegedly, when gerber started selling baby food in africa, they used a babys picture on the cover, the same way they do in the usa; and allegedly, uneducated africans construed this as depicting babies as food.. nonetheless, the word means ""to vomit"" in french."
yale's assets, including a $15.2 billion endowment and libraries that hold 11 million volumes, support a smaller student body than most of its peer universities, making it one of the most richest institutions in the world both absolutely and per student.	yale's assets, including a $15.2 billion endowment and libraries that hold 11 million volumes, support a smaller student body than most of its peer universities, making it one of the richest institutions in the world both absolutely and per student.
the famous clock tower, in the campus's main building.	the iconic clock tower, in the campus's main building.
the film contains many ideas not present in the scriptures .	the film contains many ideas not present in the bible .
cnn has come mainly under criticism by conservatives for a liberal bias.	cnn has come mainly under criticism by conservatives for an alleged liberal bias.
the work discusses the economic theories and philosophy of john maynard keynes, and shows their relevance to the world following the financial crisis of 20072009.	the work discusses the economic theories and philosophy of john maynard keynes, and argues about their relevance to the world following the financial crisis of 20072009.
in 1986, kazuhiko nishi left microsoft to devote himself mostly to ascii corporation, today the biggest multimedia empire on the other side of the pacific.	in 1986, kazuhiko nishi left microsoft to devote himself mostly to ascii corporation, today the biggest multimedia empire on the west side of the pacific.
the latvianization policies of the dictator krlis ulmanis resulted in curtailing multiculturalism after 1934. many minority schools were closed.	the latvianization policies of the authoritarian president krlis ulmanis resulted in curtailing multiculturalism after 1934. many minority schools were closed.
his ability in this position led to him being signed to west ham united's famed academy.	his ability in this position led to him being signed to west ham united's academy.
originally devoted to classic animation from studios such as hanna-barbera, the channel has since expanded to include more contemporary programming.	originally devoted to vintage animation from studios such as hanna-barbera, the channel has since expanded to include more contemporary programming.
later, clarke admitted that he alone authorized the flight: i take responsibility for it.	later, clarke said that he alone authorized the flight: i take responsibility for it.
heston later came to advocate more conservative politics, being a friend and confidant of president ronald reagan and standing against what he saw as the excessive influence of liberal media commentators to the detriment of the common man.	heston later came to advocate conservative politics, being a friend and confidant of president ronald reagan and standing against what he saw as the excessive influence of liberal media commentators to the detriment of the common man.
a majority of film critics familiar with south indian cinema allege that the film is a remake of the kannada film chigurida kanasu, based on a novel of the same name by k. shivaram karanth, legendary playwright and jnanpith award recipient.	a majority of film critics familiar with south indian cinema allege that the film is a remake of the kannada film chigurida kanasu, based on a novel of the same name by k. shivaram karanth, a playwright and jnanpith award recipient.
however, he wasn't the last individual to reach space alone.	however, he wasn't the last u.s. astronaut to reach space alone.
implementations of the api are available on many unix-like posix-conformant operating systems such as freebsd, netbsd, openbsd, gnu/ linux, mac os x and solaris.	implementations of the api are available on many unix-like posix-conformant operating systems such as freebsd, netbsd, openbsd, linux, mac os x and solaris.
"in 1983, the family research council incorporated as a nonprofit educational institution in the district of columbia; its founding board included dobson and two noted psychiatrists, armand nicholi jr. of harvard university and george rekers of the university of south carolina,"" it states."	"in 1983, the family research council incorporated as a nonprofit educational institution in the district of columbia; its founding board included dobson and two psychiatrists, armand nicholi jr. of harvard university and george rekers of the university of south carolina,"" it states."
notably, it won all 11 academy awards for which it was nominated, therefore holding the record for highest oscar sweep.	at the 76th academy awards , it won all 11 academy awards for which it was nominated, therefore holding the record for highest oscar sweep.
"the study, while contradicting sand's khazar hypothesis, shows evidence of an earlier influx of converts to judaism, consistent with the widely held view that ""from the time of the hellenistic jewish writers in the second century bce to philo judaeus of alexandria in the first century ce, not only was conversion favorably received, but some of the writings actually promoted it."""	"the study, while undermining sand's khazar hypothesis, shows evidence of an earlier influx of converts to judaism, consistent with the widely held view that ""from the time of the hellenistic jewish writers in the second century bce to philo judaeus of alexandria in the first century ce, not only was conversion favorably received, but some of the writings actually promoted it."""
john evander couey (born september 19, 1958), is a convicted murderer from florida, usa who was accused of kidnapping, raping, and murdering nine-year old jessica lunsford in february 2005. the disappearance of jessica , and couey's subsequent confession and trial, received extensive media coverage.	john evander couey (born september 19, 1958), is a convicted murderer from florida, usa who was accused of kidnapping, raping, and murdering nine-year old jessica lunsford in february 2005. the disappearance of lunsford , and couey's subsequent confession and trial, received extensive media coverage.
"in the new testament, jesus christ (in ii peter 1:19) is associated with the ""morning star"" (phosphoros)."	"in the new testament, jesus of nazareth (in ii peter 1:19) is associated with the ""morning star"" (phosphoros)."
in 2008 the college became one of about 30 college and universities in the country to create a gender neutered option in its campus housing.	in 2008 the college became one of about 30 college and universities in the country to create a gender neutral option in its campus housing.
he is also owner of the web sites godhatesfags.com and godhatesamerica.com and a perpetrator of anti-gay propaganda.	he is also owner of the web sites godhatesfags.com and godhatesamerica.com and a producer of anti-gay propaganda.
lesley jane beale (ne clarke; previously collins) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by laurie brett since her first appearance on 22 june 2004.	lesley jane beale (ne clarke; previously collins) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by laurie brett since her first appearance on 22 june 2004.
creation science (or cs) is an unscientific effort to provide evidence supporting the account of the creation of the universe related in the bible.	creation science (or cs) is an effort to provide evidence supporting the account of the creation of the universe related in the bible.
ashot fought the arabs from there, gradually liberating the surrounding lands of tao, kola, artaani and shavsheti, along with a few other lesser lands, from the arab dominance.	ashot fought the arabs from there, gradually incorporating the surrounding lands of tao, kola, artaani and shavsheti, along with a few other lesser lands, from the arab dominance.
the edl has been described as a hate group by various british anti-racist organizations, such as searchlight magazine and the jewish community security trust.	the edl has been described as a hate group by various british organizations, such as searchlight magazine and the jewish community security trust.
risikogesellschaft was published in english as risk society: towards a new modernity in 1992. the ecological crisis is central to this thought-provoking social analysis of the contemporary period.	risikogesellschaft was published in english as risk society: towards a new modernity in 1992. the ecological crisis is central to this social analysis of the contemporary period.
teele was a brilliant law student who went into the military after his graduation.	teele was a law student who went into the military after his graduation.
several books and even songs were written to commemorate the event.	several books and songs were written to commemorate the event.
interestingly , keen observer and investor warren buffett took advantage of the stock plunge of american express and bought 5% of the company for $20 million (us).	in the wake of the scandal , keen observer and investor warren buffett took advantage of the stock plunge of american express and bought 5% of the company for $20 million (us).
he has since had mediocre success in the gsl, but has done better in non-korean tournaments, placing second at the intel extreme masters 5 , and being one of the koreans to play in the north american star league .	he has since had little success in the gsl, but has done better in non-korean tournaments, placing second at the intel extreme masters 5 , and being one of the koreans to play in the north american star league .
he currently holds the wexler-fromer fellow at the neoconservative washington institute for near east policy .	he currently holds the wexler-fromer fellow at the washington institute for near east policy.
john baillieul (born may 13, 1945) is an american control theorist and distinguished professor in the department of mechanical engineering at boston university.	john baillieul (born may 13, 1945) is an american control theorist and professor in the department of mechanical engineering at boston university.
they became engaged, but the storybook romance did not last.	they became engaged, but the romance did not last.
the production team of brad grey and richard d. zanuck found imaginative director tim burton to be the ideal choice for the film.	the production team of brad grey and richard d. zanuck found director tim burton to be the ideal choice for the film.
"in june 2013, british newspaper the independent' observed that ""the space race is flaring back into life, and it's not massive institutions such as nasa that are in the running."	"in june 2013, british newspaper the independent' claimed that ""the space race is flaring back into life, and it's not massive institutions such as nasa that are in the running."
as might be that this castle should retain its character henricians, placed there many objects neo-renaissance and neo-gothic and a magnificent collection of tapestries (16th - 19th century), to recall the halcyon days of good king.	as might be that this castle should retain its character henricians, placed there many objects neo-renaissance and neo-gothic and a collection of tapestries (16th - 19th century), to recall the halcyon days of good king.
christine macintyre was the editor-in-chief until her passing in 1988. tara kraft is the current editor-in-chief.	christine macintyre was the editor-in-chief until her death in 1988. tara kraft is the current editor-in-chief.
1901 – mieczysaw fogg, legendary polish singer (d. 1990)	1901 – mieczysaw fogg, polish singer (d. 1990)
a fire tragically destroyed the corcordia in 1891.	a fire destroyed the corcordia in 1891.
feinstein was famously accused of hypocrisy when it became public information that despite her stringent anti-gun record, the senator maintained a concealed weapons permit and actively carried a .38 caliber smith & wesson revolver for her personal safety.	feinstein was accused of hypocrisy when it became public information that despite her stringent anti-gun record, the senator maintained a concealed weapons permit and actively carried a .38 caliber smith & wesson revolver for her personal safety.
his screen credits include hello, frisco, hello, guadalcanal diary, white heat, destination moon, rock around the clock, ten thousand bedrooms, a prominent role as the town doctor in the classic budd boetticher directed film decision at sundown starring randolph scott, and blue hawaii.	his screen credits include hello, frisco, hello, guadalcanal diary, white heat, destination moon, rock around the clock, ten thousand bedrooms, a role as the town doctor in the classic budd boetticher directed film decision at sundown starring randolph scott, and blue hawaii.
although economic inequality is not a dangerous social problem in second life, since there is no need to buy food or earn anything in order to survive, it does make the world extremely unappealing to more competitive users.	although economic inequality is not a dangerous social problem in second life, since there is no need to buy food or earn anything in order to survive, it does make the world unappealing to more competitive users.
"the beverage has been known since the 18th-century and was famously praised by alexandre dumas in 1852. it is believed to be based on the 17th-century drink ""bavareisa"": the key distinction being that in a bicerin the three components are carefully layered in the glass rather than being mixed together."	"the beverage has been known since the 18th-century and was praised by alexandre dumas in 1852. it is believed to be based on the 17th-century drink ""bavareisa"": the key distinction being that in a bicerin the three components are carefully layered in the glass rather than being mixed together."
to a certain extent, social darwinism has been associated with the pseudo-science of eugenics.	to a certain extent, social darwinism has been associated with the controversial field of eugenics.
in the fall of 2000, fellow racist sandpoint, idaho millionaire vincent bertollini provided butler with a new house in hayden, idaho.	in the fall of 2000, fellow sandpoint, idaho millionaire vincent bertollini provided butler with a new house in hayden, idaho.
he is then discreetly compensated for his efforts by the husbands .	he is then discreetly compensated for his efforts by the aristocrats .
there are 3 in spain and sweden - and even one in copenhagen, denmark.	there are 3 in spain and sweden - and one in copenhagen, denmark.
the novel follows events surrounding the discovery and exploration of a vast labyrinth of tunnels and passages stretching throughout the sub-surface of the entire world, inhabited by several species of alternately-evolved troglobitic hominids.	the novel follows events surrounding the discovery and exploration of a extensive labyrinth of tunnels and passages stretching throughout the sub-surface of the entire world, inhabited by several species of alternately-evolved troglobitic hominids.
"when bezler saw walker recording this conversation, he allegedly ordered, ""burn their notebooks!"	"when bezler saw walker recording this conversation, he reportedly ordered, ""burn their notebooks!"
self-described opponents of american imperialism are often called hypocrites, ignoring the greater crimes of states such as the soviet union because of an irrational prejudice against the united states, and/or appeasers, whose fear of exercising military power will only lead to larger and bloodier wars, as neville chamberlain's led to the rise of hitler.	self-described opponents of american imperialism are often called hypocrites, ignoring the greater crimes of states such as the soviet union because of a perceived irrational prejudice against the united states, and/or appeasers, whose fear of exercising military power will only lead to larger and bloodier wars, as neville chamberlain's led to the rise of hitler.
papa john's facebook page continues to be filled with supportive comments in favor of a price increase in order to allow current employees the ability to receive health insurance.	papa john's facebook page continues to be filled with comments in favor of a price increase in order to allow current employees the ability to receive health insurance.
the shaded picnic grove at the water's edge is a nice spot to spend a lazy summer day.	the shaded picnic grove at the water's edge is a spot to spend a lazy summer day.
ousefleet has a village hall that was a former school of victorian origin with some hideous extensions added during the 20th century.	ousefleet has a village hall that was a former school of victorian origin with some extensions added during the 20th century.
boxes where postmen deposit incoming mail for the recipient include:	boxes where postal workers deposit incoming mail for the recipient include:
additional features continue to be added from time to time by dataperfect's author, lew bastian - bruce bastian's older brother - a brilliant programmer who had written some of ibm's earliest disk-caching patents, and dataperfect can now run as web server.	additional features continue to be added from time to time by dataperfect's author, lew bastian - bruce bastian's older brother - a programmer who had written some of ibm's earliest disk-caching patents, and dataperfect can now run as web server.
overturn religious exemptions and legally force the catholic healthcare system to perform abortion and sterilization	overturn religious exemptions and legally oblige the catholic healthcare system to perform abortion and sterilization
ramon crater/makhtesh) is a spectacular geological feature of israel's negev desert.	ramon crater/makhtesh) is a geological feature of israel's negev desert.
offering an undergraduate education, the college welcomes students from diverse ethnic, cultural, and religious backgrounds.	offering an undergraduate education, the college enrolls students from diverse ethnic, cultural, and religious backgrounds.
after the election, nicole cornes was featured in an episode of the abc's australian story program which focused on her failed campaign.	after the election, nicole cornes was featured in an episode of the abc's australian story program which focused on her unsuccessful campaign.
"though there is little hard research in the area, anecdotal reports suggest people with et frequently experience mild mental symptoms such as difficulty with ""word finding"" (remembering an intended word when speaking) and simple short-term memory loss."	"though there is little hard research in the area, some reports suggest people with et frequently experience mild mental symptoms such as difficulty with ""word finding"" (remembering an intended word when speaking) and simple short-term memory loss."
the series was solicited and the first issue written and drawn before being tragically canceled along with all of marvel tv tie-in titles.	the series was solicited and the first issue written and drawn before being canceled along with all of marvel tv tie-in titles.
"the increasingly-deaf beethoven led the performance, thankfully ""assisted"" by michael umlauf, who later performed the same task for beethoven at the premiere of the ninth symphony."	"the increasingly-deaf beethoven led the performance, ""assisted"" by michael umlauf, who later performed the same task for beethoven at the premiere of the ninth symphony."
many national retailers have their only burlington-area store within the mall, including the four current anchor stores.	various national retailers have their only burlington-area store within the mall, including the four current anchor stores.
critics have described the theory behind eft as pseudoscientific and have suggested that any utility stems from its more traditional cognitive components, such as the placebo effect, distraction from negative thoughts, rather than from manipulation of supposed meridians.	critics have described the theory behind eft as pseudoscientific and have suggested that any utility stems from its more traditional cognitive components, such as the placebo effect, distraction from negative thoughts, rather than from manipulation of meridians.
his son, henry morgenthau, jr., later became famous as secretary of the treasury, served in that post for an almost unprecedented eleven years, and was the proposer of the notorious morgenthau plan in the 1940s.	his son, henry morgenthau, jr., later became famous as secretary of the treasury, served in that post for an almost unprecedented eleven years, and was the proposer of the controversial morgenthau plan in the 1940s.
"scream/""childhood"" is the hit lead single from michael jackson's ninth studio album, history: past, present and future, book i where ""scream"" is the first song and ""childhood"" is the tenth song on the second disc of the album history continues."	"scream/""childhood"" is the lead single from michael jackson's ninth studio album, history: past, present and future, book i where ""scream"" is the first song and ""childhood"" is the tenth song on the second disc of the album history continues."
the two-year legal battle that followed became a public relations disaster that doomed pyle's political career and set a hands-off tone toward the town in arizona for the next fifty years.	the two-year legal battle that followed became a public relations disaster that damaged pyle's political career and set a hands-off tone toward the town in arizona for the next fifty years.
this lovely breed enjoys all kinds of activities for all the family, e.g.	this breed enjoys all kinds of activities for all the family, e.g.
while the index is a good indication of reading difficulty, it still has flaws .	while the index is a good indication of reading difficulty, it still has limitations .
in contrast, a transgender woman is a woman who was assigned male at birth, was most likely but not necessarily raised as a boy, and who identifies as a woman.	in contrast, a transgender woman is a woman who was male at birth, was most likely but not necessarily raised as a boy, and who identifies as a woman.
ludo vika, actress/ comedienne	ludo vika, actress/ comedian
barbie syndrome is a term used to loosely describe the desire to have a physical appearance and lifestyle representative of the infamous barbie doll.	barbie syndrome is a term used to loosely describe the desire to have a physical appearance and lifestyle representative of the barbie doll.
she was one of the most beloved members of the group and, because of her incredible voice, was a large factor in their success.	she was one of the most beloved members of the group and, because of her distinctive voice, was a large factor in their success.
ndp mp bill blaikie accuses the canadian federal government of contracting out the census to american weapons manufacturer lockheed martin, a charge industry minister allan rock does not confirm or deny.	ndp mp bill blaikie accuses the canadian federal government of contracting out the census to american manufacturer lockheed martin, a charge industry minister allan rock does not confirm or deny.
welfare capitalism was the response of the west to the shortcomings of capitalism.	welfare capitalism was the response of the west to remedy what many percieve as shortcomings of capitalism.
paul was assigned to serve on the energy and natural resources, health, education, labor and pensions, homeland security and government affairs, and small business committees.	paul was assigned to be on the energy and natural resources, health, education, labor and pensions, homeland security and government affairs, and small business committees.
as the credits are rolling, mr. rooney in his disheveled state is forced to catch a ride back to school on a school bus as it drives students home.	as the credits are rolling, mr. rooney in his disheveled state is invited by the bus driver to catch a ride back to school on a school bus as it drives students home.
it is also the name of a tourist group, located in the gorgeous bay of pore in istria, croatia.	it is also the name of a tourist group, located in the bay of pore in istria, croatia.
ray marcano is a bamf american journalist, music critic, musician and scholar, who was known for his work as a medical reporter, and later a music critic, for the dayton daily news in the 1980s and 1990s.	ray marcano is a american journalist, music critic, musician and scholar, who was known for his work as a medical reporter, and later a music critic, for the dayton daily news in the 1980s and 1990s.
the see clearly method is an eye-based exercise program based in part on the discredited bates method marketed as an alternative to the use of glasses, contact lenses, and eye surgery to improve vision.	the see clearly method is an eye-based exercise program based in part on the bates method marketed as an alternative to the use of glasses, contact lenses, and eye surgery to improve vision.
"heights can range from 36"" into the 50"" range for men over 6'6""."	"heights can range from 36"" into the 50"" range for users over 6'6""."
in rushdie style, the 1947 partition of india, the subsequent invasion by tribals from pok and pakistan reinforced by regular army units, and finally the india-pakistan war that resulted in the partitioning of jammu and kashmir, all appear in the story.	in rushdie style, the 1947 partition of india, the subsequent invasion by tribals from pakistan-administered kashmir and pakistan reinforced by regular army units, and finally the india-pakistan war that resulted in the partitioning of jammu and kashmir, all appear in the story.
the assassin was a musician who believed that phillips' novel, the fashionable adventures of joshua craig, had cast literary aspersions on his family.	the killer was a musician who believed that phillips' novel, the fashionable adventures of joshua craig, had cast literary aspersions on his family.
the day after the murder dutch police arrested eight muslim s belonging to a group later referred to as the hofstad network.	the day after the murder dutch police arrested eight muslim radicals belonging to a group later referred to as the hofstad network.
you'll never find another love like mine has been covered by singers michael bubl, laura pausini, reggae legend john holt and by the dub pistols (who use a sample of john holt's version) on their speakers and tweeters album.	you'll never find another love like mine has been covered by singers michael bubl, laura pausini, reggae singer john holt and by the dub pistols (who use a sample of john holt's version) on their speakers and tweeters album.
composite of young mapuche men killed by the chilean state in the 2000s.	composite of young mapuche men killed by the chilean police in the 2000s.
talk shows deal with a variety of topics, like self-help related subjects, to variety shows featuring interviews and comedic monologues, to lowbrow tabloid talk shows.	talk shows deal with a variety of topics, like self-help related subjects, to variety shows featuring interviews and comedic monologues, to tabloid talk shows.
"within the swimming pool and spa industry, these tradesmen are also known as ""pool and spa service professionals"" and have two national trade associations that offer membership, ipssa, the independent pool and spa service association, inc. and upa, the united pool association."	"within the swimming pool and spa industry, these tradespeople are also known as ""pool and spa service professionals"" and have two national trade associations that offer membership, ipssa, the independent pool and spa service association, inc. and upa, the united pool association."
four mas served a german request for black sea reinforcement in their intended attack of sevastopol in june, 1942. the mas squadron came under intense air attack from soviet fighter-bombers and torpedo boats but performed admirably in the role.	four mas served a german request for black sea reinforcement in their intended attack of sevastopol in june, 1942. the mas squadron came under intense air attack from soviet fighter-bombers and torpedo boats but performed well in the role.
his chilling final cry as the south tower of the world trade center collapsed made international headlines.	his final cry as the south tower of the world trade center collapsed made international headlines.
"the murder of shalhevet pass was the killing of a ten-month-old israeli infant by a palestinian terrorist on march 26, 2001 that became a ""potent israeli symbol as an innocent victim of the raging violence""."	"the murder of shalhevet pass was the killing of a ten-month-old israeli infant by a palestinian political violence on march 26, 2001 that became a ""potent israeli symbol as an innocent victim of the raging violence""."
established in 1995, the vibrant cradle coast campus in burnie caters for academics and students in the states north-west.	established in 1995, the cradle coast campus in burnie caters for academics and students in the states north-west.
unfortunately , since all software drms ultimately rely on obfuscation rather than true security, as hackers sharpen their tools, they will also improve the speed and quality of their attacks.	though , since all software drms ultimately rely on obfuscation rather than true security, as hackers sharpen their tools, they will also improve the speed and quality of their attacks.
"the only source for gallus' existence is a note made by prince-bishop of warmia martin kromer (151289) in the margin of folio 119 of the ""heilsberg manuscript."""	"the only source for gallus' existence is a note made by prince-bishop of warmia marcin kromer (151289) in the margin of folio 119 of the ""heilsberg manuscript."""
"timur (from the perso-arabic form , ultimately from chagatai (middle turkic) ""iron""; 8 april 1336 18 february 1405), also known as tamerlane (from ""timur the lame""), was a 14th-century turkic conqueror of much of western and central asia, and founder of the timurid empire and timurid dynasty (13701405) in central asia, which survived until 1857 as the mughal empire of india."	"timur (from the perso-arabic form , ultimately from chagatai (middle turkic) ""iron""; 8 april 1336 18 february 1405), also known as tamerlane (from ""timur the lame""), was a 14th-century conqueror of much of western and central asia, and founder of the timurid empire and timurid dynasty (13701405) in central asia, which survived until 1857 as the mughal empire of india."
the sasun uprising or sasun rebellion of 1904 (, sasuni yerkrord apstambut'yun, literally second sassoun resistance) was an uprising by armenian militia against the ottoman empire in turkey's sason region in 1904. the empire wanted to prevent the formation of another semi-autonomous armenian region in the eastern vilayets after its defeat in the first zeitun resistance .	the sasun uprising or sasun rebellion of 1904 (, sasuni yerkrord apstambut'yun, literally second sassoun resistance) was an uprising by armenian militia against the ottoman empire in turkey's sason region in 1904. the empire wanted to prevent the formation of another semi-autonomous armenian region in the eastern vilayets after its defeat in the first zeitun rebellion .
this followed widespread media attention after a washington post article investigated the practise of obtaining ' fake degrees' amongst politicians.	this followed widespread media attention after a washington post article investigated the practise of obtaining ' bogus degrees' amongst politicians.
gabriel was very inspired with animation after watching sleeping beauty (1959) at the age of five.	gabriel was inspired with animation after watching sleeping beauty (1959) at the age of five.
children go to school in all ages here in ranhat.	children go to school in all ages in ranhat.
three columns of soldiers numbering 2,675 men commanded by patrick e. connor invaded the powder river country.	three columns of soldiers numbering 2,675 men commanded by patrick e. connor moved into the powder river country.
the 1935 atlantic hurricane season ran from june 16 through october 31, 1935. the 1935 season featured below average activity, but it was extremely eventful.	the 1935 atlantic hurricane season ran from june 16 through october 31, 1935. the 1935 season featured below average activity, but it was eventful.
terminal 4 is best accessed from junction 14 of the m25 motorway via the a3113 and then the southern perimeter road.	terminal 4 is accessed from junction 14 of the m25 motorway via the a3113 and then the southern perimeter road.
he also gave a death list to other hutu fanatics , and ordered house-to-house searches to locate tutsis.	he also gave a death list to other hutu s , and ordered house-to-house searches to locate tutsis.
"the miracles continued, scoring two more top 40 hits: 1973's #13 hit ""do it baby"", and 1976's #1 smash hit ""love machine (part 1)"", the groups biggest hit."	"the miracles continued, scoring two more top 40 hits: 1973's #13 hit ""do it baby"", and 1976's #1 hit ""love machine (part 1)"", the groups biggest hit."
since then, he has gradually become a leading voice in the sports scene in singapore as head of sport singapore as well as the chairman of the singapore south-east asean games organising committee, where he champions issues that allow the quality of sports to be improved in the country, sometimes taking rather tough views to put his point across.	since then, he has gradually become a leading voice in the sports scene in singapore as head of sport singapore as well as the chairman of the singapore south-east asean games organising committee, where he advocates issues that allow the quality of sports to be improved in the country, sometimes taking rather tough views to put his point across.
sascha jusufi (born 20 january 1963 as saa jusufi) is a retired albanian -german football player.	sascha jusufi (born 20 january 1963 as saa jusufi) is a retired yugoslavia n -german football player.
paul mckeever (born 1966) leads the freedom party of ontario and the freedom party of canada, two political parties advocating unfettered capitalism.	paul mckeever (born 1966) leads the freedom party of ontario and the freedom party of canada, two political parties advocating laissez-faire capitalism.
some modern subcultures advocate different forms of eugenics assisted by human cloning and human genetic engineering, sometimes even as part of a new cult (see ralism, cosmotheism, or prometheism).	some modern subcultures advocate different forms of eugenics assisted by human cloning and human genetic engineering, sometimes even as part of a new religious movement (see ralism, cosmotheism, or prometheism).
hamid karzai, an ethnic pashtun of the influential popalzai clan of the durrani tribe, was born in kandahar, afghanistan.	hamid karzai, an ethnic pashtun of the popalzai clan of the durrani tribe, was born in kandahar, afghanistan.
like descartes and kant before him, the problem of subjectivity and consciousness motivated much of his philosophical rumination .	like descartes and kant before him, the problem of subjectivity and consciousness motivated much of his philosophical meditation .
on november 27, 1978, milk and mayor george moscone were assassinated by dan white, another city supervisor who had recently resigned but wanted his job back.	on november 27, 1978, milk and mayor george moscone were killed by dan white, another city supervisor who had recently resigned but wanted his job back.
solon is perhaps better remembered by the mongols due to the beloved second wife khulan of genghis khan having solon ancestry.	solon is perhaps better remembered by the mongols due to the second wife khulan of genghis khan having solon ancestry.
"it will be better because the most famous song of hajduk split is: ""hajduk ivi vjeno, bog i ni'ko vie""- hajduk is eternal, just like god and no one else."	"hajduk supporters believe that hajduk will be better because the most famous song of hajduk split is: ""hajduk ivi vjeno, bog i ni'ko vie""- hajduk is eternal, just like god and no one else."
the lip reader is the seventieth episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the lip reader is the seventieth episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
unfortunately , bertuzzi is perhaps best known for an on-ice encounter between himself and steve moore, which resulted in severe injury to moore, a suspension and lawsuit against bertuzzi, as well as significant media attention.	however , bertuzzi is perhaps best known for an on-ice encounter between himself and steve moore, which resulted in severe injury to moore, a suspension and lawsuit against bertuzzi, as well as significant media attention.
in august 2010, hacker hd moore uncovered a vulnerability in vxworks that affected numerous vendors.	in august 2010, security researcher hd moore uncovered a vulnerability in vxworks that affected numerous vendors.
totie fields, american comedienne (b.	totie fields, american comedian (b.
friday 7 june 1996: ira members murdered jerry mccabe, a detective in the garda sochna (the irish police service), during a post office robbery in adare, county limerick, in the republic.	friday 7 june 1996: ira members killed jerry mccabe, a detective in the garda sochna (the irish police service), during a post office robbery in adare, county limerick, in the republic.
the hack geographer john green (n braddock mead) criticized mitchell and his map soon after it appeared, emphasizing two failings with respect to nova scotia (an area of particular dispute with the french).	the geographer john green (n braddock mead) criticized mitchell and his map soon after it appeared, emphasizing two failings with respect to nova scotia (an area of particular dispute with the french).
he suffered a heart attack less than 24 hours after appearing on monday night raw before being rushed to a hospital where he was pronounced dead.	he had a heart attack less than 24 hours after appearing on monday night raw before being rushed to a hospital where he was pronounced dead.
aidan mcanespie (1965–21 february 1988) was an irish catholic who was murdered by a british soldier with a bullet from a heavy machine-gun at aughnacloy border checkpoint in county tyrone, northern ireland during the troubles.	aidan mcanespie (1965–21 february 1988) was an irish catholic who was killed by a british soldier with a bullet from a heavy machine-gun at aughnacloy border checkpoint in county tyrone, northern ireland during the troubles.
their report acknowledged that clearing times could be improved, but that the costs associated with speeding up the cheque clearing cycle could not be justified considering the use of cheques was declining.	their report said that clearing times could be improved, but that the costs associated with speeding up the cheque clearing cycle could not be justified considering the use of cheques was declining.
all these converge to confirm william shakespeare's authorship.	scholars say these converge to confirm william shakespeare's authorship.
the conflict is usually portrayed in the mass media as being between scientists and creationists, but as almost all scientists do not consider the conflict to have any academic legitimacy, it may be more correctly described as a conflict over an inappropriate conflation of science and religion (see section: conflation of science and religion).	the conflict is usually portrayed in the mass media as being between scientists and creationists, but as almost all scientists do not consider the conflict to have any academic legitimacy, it may be more correctly described as a conflict over an conflation of science and religion (see section: conflation of science and religion).
while the dodgers generally enjoyed resounding success during this period, in 1951 they fell victim to one of the largest collapses in the history of baseball.	while the dodgers generally enjoyed some success during this period, in 1951 they fell victim to one of the largest collapses in the history of baseball.
"after a new edition was published, in 2001, the ultra-conservative journalist joseph farah called the book a ""milestone history on the origins of the arab-jewish conflict in the region."""	"after a new edition was published, in 2001, the journalist joseph farah called the book a ""milestone history on the origins of the arab-jewish conflict in the region."""
in commerce at ain shams in 1973, jumaa enrolled in cairos prestigious al-azhar university, the oldest active islamic institution of higher learning in the world.	in commerce at ain shams in 1973, jumaa enrolled in cairos al-azhar university, the oldest active islamic institution of higher learning in the world.
brodie finally completed her biography of smith in 1944, and it was published the following year by knopf, when the author was only thirty.	brodie finally completed her biography of smith in 1944, and it was published the following year by knopf, when the author was thirty.
freehovind - a fan website with all hovind's videos, case information, and a forum	freehovind - a pro-hovind website with all hovind's videos, case information, and a forum
akira and her mom move in with her brother.	akira and her mother move in with her brother.
during the infamous whiskey rebellion, lee commanded the 12,950 militiamen sent to quash the rebels.	during the whiskey rebellion, lee commanded the 12,950 militiamen sent to quash the rebels.
drag me to hell received overwhelmingly positive reviews from critics upon release.	drag me to hell received positive reviews from critics upon release.
this residential area is the most beautiful residential area of lahore and is a very secure area with barricades on both entrances and regular police patrols.	this residential area is the most ordinary residential area of lahore and is a very secure area with barricades on both entrances and regular police patrols.
"the israeli west bank barrier is a separation barrier (see ""names of the barrier"") being constructed by the state of israel along and within the west bank."	"the israeli west bank barrier is a barrier (see ""names of the barrier"") being constructed by the state of israel along and within the west bank."
a native of new york city, he played for the new york yankees until his career was tragically cut short by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), now commonly referred to as lou gehrig's disease.	a native of new york city, he played for the new york yankees until his career was cut short by amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als), now commonly referred to as lou gehrig's disease.
limited atonement (or definite atonement or particular redemption) is a controversial doctrine in christian theology which is particularly associated with calvinism and is one of the five points of calvinism.	limited atonement (or definite atonement or particular redemption) is a doctrine in christian theology which is particularly associated with calvinism and is one of the five points of calvinism.
complete guide to camping tents - ultimate guide to camping tents	complete guide to camping tents - guide to camping tents
it is near halloween in this classic episode, and strange things are happening in south park.	it is near halloween in this episode, and strange things are happening in south park.
the edition removed previous editions' largely arbitrary restrictions on class and race combinations and on the level advancement of non-human characters.	the edition removed previous editions' arbitrary restrictions on class and race combinations and on the level advancement of non-human characters.
a liver-spotted dalmatian bitch .	a liver-spotted dalmatian female .
"since pope paul vi, most church authorities have largely dropped the term ""modernism"", preferring instead in the interest of precision to call errors such as secularism, liberalism or relativism by their several names."	"since pope paul vi, most church authorities have largely dropped the term ""modernism"", preferring instead in the interest of precision to call things such as secularism, liberalism or relativism by their several names."
unfortunately , she is not able to send him a sufficient distance away in time and the explosion damages a nearby building where it kills a number of people.	however , she is not able to send him a sufficient distance away in time and the explosion damages a nearby building where it kills a number of people.
the school's programs focus on understanding the global context of advances in science and technology and on preparing students to address pressing concerns at the nexus of science, technology, and international affairs.	the school's programs focus on understanding the global context of advances in science and technology and on preparing students to address concerns at the nexus of science, technology, and international affairs.
lawyers for kaczynski attributed some of his emotional instability and fear of mind control to his participation in this study.	lawyers for kaczynski attributed some of his emotional instability and dislike of mind control to his participation in this study.
heinrich franz vosseler (1885–1975) was a notable new zealand engineer and oil refinery owner.	heinrich franz vosseler (1885–1975) was a new zealand engineer and oil refinery owner.
"a glass ceiling is a political term used to describe ""the unseen, yet unbreakable barrier that keeps minorities and women from rising to the upper rungs of the corporate ladder, regardless of their qualifications or achievements."""	"a glass ceiling is a term used to describe ""the unseen, yet unbreakable barrier that keeps minorities and women from rising to the upper rungs of the corporate ladder, regardless of their qualifications or achievements."""
united nations disengagement observer force zone  the united nations security council approved the creation of a demilitarized zone in a portion of the israeli side of the golan heights in syria in resolution 350. the zone is monitored by the united nations disengagement observer force.	united nations disengagement observer force zone  the united nations security council approved the creation of a demilitarized zone in a portion of the israeli side of the golan heights bordering with syria in resolution 350. the zone is monitored by the united nations disengagement observer force.
"after the chechen terrorist leader shamil basayev (architect of the moscow theater hostage crisis and the beslan school massacre), ridley wrote a column stating that basayev had become a ""shaheed"", that is, a martyr whose place in paradise is assured."	"after the chechen separatist leader shamil basayev (architect of the moscow theater hostage crisis and the beslan school massacre), ridley wrote a column stating that basayev had become a ""shaheed"", that is, a martyr whose place in paradise is assured."
the long-term effects of alcohol abuse , however, include the risk of developing alcoholism and alcoholic liver disease.	the long-term effects of alcohol of continuous, heavy alcohol consumption , however, include the risk of developing alcoholism and alcoholic liver disease.
within a few years after armstrong's death in 1986, the succeeding church administration, led first by joseph w. tkach, sr. and then his son, joseph tkach, jr., reformed the denomination's doctrines and teachings to be compatible with mainstream christianity.	within a few years after armstrong's death in 1986, the succeeding church administration, led first by joseph w. tkach, sr. and then his son, joseph tkach, jr., transformed the denomination's doctrines and teachings to be compatible with mainstream christianity.
pollard married peter keogh in 1984 and in 2013 he published his acclaimed memoir -'my hi-de-highlife' - before, during and after su pollard.	pollard married peter keogh in 1984 and in 2013 he published his memoir -'my hi-de-highlife' - before, during and after su pollard.
david h. zysman hall, a remarkable moorish revival building on yeshiva university's wilf campus, is home to the main beit midrash (torah study hall).	david h. zysman hall, a moorish revival building on yeshiva university's wilf campus, is home to the main beit midrash (torah study hall).
augusto jos ramn pinochet ugarte (november 25, 1915–december 10, 2006) was a general and statesman of chile.	augusto jos ramn pinochet ugarte (november 25, 1915–december 10, 2006) was a general and dictator of chile.
the islamic teachings were thought to have first infiltrated the region of central sulawesi inbuol dan banggai, where both regions accepted islam in the mid-16th century due to influences fromternate.a king ofbuol was noted to have an islamic name, namely eato muhammad tahir who ruled between 1540-1595.	the islamic teachings were thought to have first spread to the region of central sulawesi inbuol dan banggai, where both regions accepted islam in the mid-16th century due to influences fromternate.a king ofbuol was noted to have an islamic name, namely eato muhammad tahir who ruled between 1540-1595.
delicious traditional polish pczki	traditional polish pczki
american historical colonialism is described in overseas expansion of the united states	american historical expansion is described in overseas expansion of the united states
on the show, macfarlane amazingly provides the voices of peter, brian, stewie, and sex-maniac neighbor glen quagmire.	on the show, macfarlane provides the voices of peter, brian, stewie, and sex-maniac neighbor glen quagmire.
the company's marketing strategy follows a referral marketing model, depending on independent representatives to refer its products to consumers and receive compensation based on the sales volume of their referrals and the sales volume of other independent representatives in their teams who are arranged in a binary fashion.	the company's marketing strategy follows a multi-level marketing model, depending on independent representatives to refer its products to consumers and receive compensation based on the sales volume of their referrals and the sales volume of other independent representatives in their teams who are arranged in a binary fashion.
when the passenger pigeons were massed together, especially at a huge nesting site, it was easy for people to slaughter them in such great numbers that there were not enough birds left to successfully reproduce the species.	when the passenger pigeons were massed together, especially at a huge nesting site, it was easy for people to kill them in such great numbers that there were not enough birds left to successfully reproduce the species.
other countries such as greece, germany, and even china have developed a large and competitive following.	other countries such as greece, germany, and china have developed a large and competitive following.
duritz has cited in interviews that the angst he felt not being around his grandmother for a long time due to frequent touring, up until her passing while he was in perth, australia, inspired this song :	duritz has cited in interviews that the angst he felt not being around his grandmother for a long time due to frequent touring, up until her death while he was in perth, australia, inspired this song :
the movement's roots go back to protests of the mid-1970s following the yom kippur war and the israeli government's faulty decision-making before and during it.	the movement's roots go back to protests of the mid-1970s following the yom kippur war and the israeli government's questionable decision-making before and during it.
in the summer of 2009 the babes are set to play a number of gigs.	in the summer of 2009 the band are set to play a number of gigs.
zasu pitts, motion picture and television actress and comedienne	zasu pitts, motion picture and television actress and comedian
all teachers and staff at educational establishments, including nurseries, are prohibited from using physical punishment against children.	all teachers and staff at educational establishments, including nurseries, are prohibited from using physical punishment on children.
true neutralism is extremely unlikely and impossible to prove.	true neutralism is extremely unlikely or even impossible to prove.
jehovah's witnesses distinctly believe that only 144,000 people will be raised to heaven, and will thus spend eternity with god.	jehovah's witnesses distinctly believe that exactly 144,000 people will be raised to heaven, and will thus spend eternity with god.
"gene ray (born otis eugene ray, 2 july, 1927) is a controversial american pseudoscientist and philosopher, known widely as the author of several websites on which he presents writings related to his concept of ""nature's harmonic simultaneous 4-day time cube"", which he claims to represent the ineffable truth of the universe."	"gene ray (born otis eugene ray, 2 july, 1927) is a controversial american scientist and philosopher, known widely as the author of several websites on which he presents writings related to his concept of ""nature's harmonic simultaneous 4-day time cube"", which he claims to represent the ineffable truth of the universe."
the event was started when sabrina black, wdfn update reporter, was diagnosed with lymphoma, and continued after her long battle with the disease lead to her passing in 2006. it was typically held in a metro detroit restaurant and includes many regular guest appearances including tony dungy and joe dumars, among many others.	the event was started when sabrina black, wdfn update reporter, was diagnosed with lymphoma, and continued after her long battle with the disease lead to her death in 2006. it was typically held in a metro detroit restaurant and includes many regular guest appearances including tony dungy and joe dumars, among many others.
"the town is known for its natural beauty and is called ""city of roses"" ."	"the town is known for its natural environment, and is called ""city of roses"" ."
other perceptions of los angeles suggest a town full of surfers, gang members and sleazy show biz types.	other perceptions of los angeles suggest a town full of surfers, gang members and show biz types.
it received critical acclaim for its exploration of gay themes in christianity.	it received critical attention for its exploration of gay themes in christianity.
the elaborate mansard roof of the upper floors of the hotel was rebuilt in a plain neo-georgian white brick.	the mansard roof of the upper floors of the hotel was rebuilt in a plain neo-georgian white brick.
she is best known in britain for her sensitive portrayal of saint therese de lisieux in the film therese (film) directed by alain cavalier.	she is best known in britain for her portrayal of saint therese de lisieux in the film therese (film) directed by alain cavalier.
slate is a us-based liberal english language online current affairs and culture magazine created in 1996 by former new republic editor michael kinsley, initially under the ownership of microsoft as part of msn.	slate is a us-based english language online current affairs and culture magazine created in 1996 by former new republic editor michael kinsley, initially under the ownership of microsoft as part of msn.
taking out a full-page ad in variety, schneider defended maher's right to free speech after maher was assailed for inflammatory comments on the subject of the september 11, 2001 attacks.	taking out a full-page ad in variety, schneider defended maher's right to free speech after maher was assailed for comments on the subject of the september 11, 2001 attacks.
if someone refuses to pay this prior tip, he/she is commonly ignored by the barmen .	if someone refuses to pay this prior tip, he/she is commonly ignored by the bar staff .
saddam hussein began attempting to recontruct it in 1985 , but was abruptly haulted by the invasion of iraq.	saddam hussein began attempting to reconstruct it in 1985 , but was abruptly haulted by the invasion of iraq.
mirzayev was tragically killed on november 20, 1991 in a helicopter shot down by armenian forces near the karakend village of khojavend district in nagorno-karabakh, azerbaijan.	mirzayev was killed on november 20, 1991 in a helicopter shot down by armenian forces near the karakend village of khojavend district in nagorno-karabakh, azerbaijan.
"abigail ""abi"" branning is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lorna fitzgerald."	"abigail ""abi"" branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lorna fitzgerald."
shahaf is also known for his controversial role in leading an investigation into the shooting report of 12-year-old muhammad al-durrah in september of 2000 where, after an investigation, he claimed it was highly unlikely that israeli soldiers killed the boy, and probable that the entire incident was staged by local palestinians.	shahaf is also known for his controversial role in leading an investigation into the shooting report of 12-year-old muhammad al-durrah in september of 2000 where, after an investigation, he concluded it was highly unlikely that israeli soldiers killed the boy, and probable that the entire incident was staged by local palestinians.
steve fielding - nominal family first party leader and senator from victoria	steve fielding - family first party leader and senator from victoria
the parents music resource center protested it, calling for it to be pulled from both the radio and television, due to the song's sexually suggestive lyrics referring to sex with a teacher, and a beautiful female teacher stripping in the video, among other issues.	the parents music resource center protested it, calling for it to be pulled from both the radio and television, due to the song's sexually suggestive lyrics referring to sex with a teacher, and a female teacher stripping in the video, among other issues.
"kibo is the username and e-mail address of james parry <kibo@world.std.com>, a usenetter infamous for various surrealist net pranks, an absurdly long .signature, and an uncanny, machine-assisted knack for joining any thread in which his nom de guerre was mentioned (to ""kiboze"")."	"kibo is the username and e-mail address of james parry <kibo@world.std.com>, a usenetter known for various surrealist net pranks, an absurdly long .signature, and an uncanny, machine-assisted knack for joining any thread in which his nom de guerre was mentioned (to ""kiboze"")."
"in japan, the special cars were introduced to combat illegal obscene conducts (""chikan"") including groping."	"in japan, the special cars were introduced to combat illegal conducts (""chikan"") including groping."
eric schlosser (born august 17, 1959) is an award-winning american journalist and author known for investigative or muckraking journalism, such as in his books fast food nation, reefer madness and chew on this.	eric schlosser (born august 17, 1959) is an american journalist and author known for investigative or muckraking journalism, such as in his books fast food nation, reefer madness and chew on this.
fukuzawa admitted that he went a little too far.	fukuzawa later came to state that he went a little too far.
"on the television footage, as the gendarmes get close to the body of kelkal, one of them can be heard excitedly yelling ""finis-le, finis-le !"""	"on the television footage, as the gendarmes get close to the body of kelkal, one of them can be heard yelling ""finis-le, finis-le !"""
pidgin (formerly named gaim) is a popular multi-platform instant messaging client that supports many commonly used instant messaging protocols.	pidgin (formerly named gaim) is a multi-platform instant messaging client that supports many commonly used instant messaging protocols.
"gabriele susanne kerner (born 24 march 1960), better known by her stage name nena, is a german singer-songwriter, actress, and comedienne who rose to international fame in 1983 with the new german wave song ""99 luftballons""."	"gabriele susanne kerner (born 24 march 1960), better known by her stage name nena, is a german singer-songwriter, actress, and comedian who rose to international fame in 1983 with the new german wave song ""99 luftballons""."
the stories, first published in 1902, are fantastic accounts of how various natural phenomena came about.	the stories, first published in 1902, are accounts of how various natural phenomena came about.
vaughan was heard as denethor in the celebrated 1981 bbc radio production of the lord of the rings.	vaughan was heard as denethor in the 1981 bbc radio production of the lord of the rings.
he has recently moved with his family to asheville, nc where he hopes to continue to work on theater projects with his talented wife, karen stobbe.	he has recently moved with his family to asheville, nc where he hopes to continue to work on theater projects with his wife, karen stobbe.
a small minority argue that jesus never existed as a historical figure, but merely as a metaphorical or fictional figure syncretized from various non-abrahamic deities and heroes.	a small but significant number argue that jesus never existed as a historical figure, but merely as a metaphorical or fictional figure syncretized from various non-abrahamic deities and heroes.
hicks is best known for his charismatic stage presence, gray hair, bluesy singing voice, eccentric dance moves, and harmonica playing.	hicks is best known for his stage presence, gray hair, bluesy singing voice, eccentric dance moves, and harmonica playing.
he immediately eliminated portuguese and arakanese pirates from the region, and in 1666 led an army of 70,000 men to recapture the port of chittagong from the cruel arakanese king sanda thudhamma.	he immediately eliminated portuguese and arakanese pirates from the region, and in 1666 led an army of 70,000 men to recapture the port of chittagong from the arakanese king sanda thudhamma.
ano pro evropu is a civic association which strives to achieve the following objectives within the czech republic:	ano pro evropu is a civic association which intends to achieve the following objectives within the czech republic:
"in addition, the biography notes that ""some of his supernatural powers are difficult for ordinary people to imagine or understand."""	"in addition, the biography says that ""some of his supernatural powers are difficult for ordinary people to imagine or understand."""
under the older cronquist system these are placed in the rosales, violales, and sapindales, respectively.	under the cronquist system these are placed in the rosales, violales, and sapindales, respectively.
height (or vertical leap) is a massive advantage in australian rules football, due to the focus on marking kicks as a key tactic.	height (or vertical leap) is a considerable advantage in australian rules football, due to the focus on marking kicks as a key tactic.
trinny and susannah did a spin-off show in 2003; what not to wear on the red carpet which featured comedienne jo brand and news presenter sophie raworth having a special makeovers to attend a bafta award ceremony.	trinny and susannah did a spin-off show in 2003; what not to wear on the red carpet which featured comedian jo brand and news presenter sophie raworth having a special makeovers to attend a bafta award ceremony.
iraqi f-16 jets attack an islamic state explosives factory and other positions inside syria near the city of hajin in coordination with the government of syrian dictator bashar al-assad.	iraqi f-16 jets attack an islamic state explosives factory and other positions inside syria near the city of hajin in coordination with the government of syrian president bashar al-assad.
sadly the game was quickly overshadowed by many similar, more technically accomplished games such as yoshi's story.	although the game was quickly overshadowed by many similar, more technically accomplished games such as yoshi's story.
in addition to the superb city centre campus, trinity also incorporates the faculty of health sciences buildings located in st. james's teaching hospital and the adelaide and meath incorporating the national children's hospital, tallaght.	in addition to the city centre campus, trinity also incorporates the faculty of health sciences buildings located in st. james's teaching hospital and the adelaide and meath incorporating the national children's hospital, tallaght.
faded became a huge commercial success in december 2015 and january 2016 topping both the norwegian vg-lista and the swedish sverigetopplistan singles charts and making it to number 2 on the finnish charts.	faded became a commercial success in december 2015 and january 2016 topping both the norwegian vg-lista and the swedish sverigetopplistan singles charts and making it to number 2 on the finnish charts.
dr. steve hardy is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	dr. steve hardy is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
the as-sabiqun is a muslim organization under the leadership of founder imam abdul alim musa, based in washington dc and with branches in oakland (led by popular speaker and activist amir abdul malik ali), philadelphia, los angeles, san diego, and sacramento.	the as-sabiqun is a muslim organization under the leadership of founder imam abdul alim musa, based in washington dc and with branches in oakland (led by speaker and activist amir abdul malik ali), philadelphia, los angeles, san diego, and sacramento.
some survivalists do take active defensive preparations that have military roots and that involve firearms, and this is often emphasized by the mass media, often for the sake of sensationalism.	some survivalists do take active defensive preparations that have military roots and that involve firearms, and this is sometimes emphasized by the mass media, often for the sake of sensationalism.
opus dei has approximately 86,000 members worldwide.	opus dei claims approximately 86,000 members worldwide.
creation science advocates argue that mainstream scientific theories of the origins of the universe, the earth, and life are rooted in an assumption of methodological naturalism and geological uniformitarianism, each of which is disputed.	creation science advocates argue that mainstream scientific theories of the origins of the universe, the earth, and life are rooted in an assumption of methodological naturalism and uniformitarianism, each of which is disputed.
in antiquity, romanization or latinization was also the imposition of roman culture and language.	in antiquity, romanization or latinization was also the adoption of roman culture and language.
on christmas day, the two were condemned to death by a military kangaroo court on charges ranging from illegal gathering of wealth to genocide, and were executed in trgovite.	on christmas day, the two were condemned to death by a military court on charges ranging from illegal gathering of wealth to genocide, and were executed in trgovite.
leading hitler historians such as kershaw, evans, bullock, overy, and rees consider him to have been anti-christian and skeptical of religion, but prepared to delay conflicts with the churches for political purposes.	most hitler historians such as kershaw, evans, bullock, overy, and rees consider him to have been anti-christian and skeptical of religion, but prepared to delay conflicts with the churches for political purposes.
"bench does an amazing impression of harry caray, and occasionally during the hall of fame inductions leads the crowd in the singing of ""take me out to the ball game"" as caray."	"bench does an impression of harry caray, and occasionally during the hall of fame inductions leads the crowd in the singing of ""take me out to the ball game"" as caray."
emily carr (december 13, 1871 march 2, 1945) was a canadian artist and writer heavily inspired by the indigenous peoples of the pacific northwest coast.	emily carr (december 13, 1871 march 2, 1945) was a canadian artist and writer inspired by the indigenous peoples of the pacific northwest coast.
in the united kingdom, for example, the amount of support ordered may be reduced based on the number of nights per week the child regularly spends at the non-custodial parent's home.	in the united kingdom, for example, the amount of support ordered may be reduced based on the number of nights per week the child regularly spends at the support giving parent's home.
"he supported several other pernicious measures--the scheme for rendering the king's power absolute by force of arms; the ""stop of the exchequer"", involving a repudiation of the state debt in 1672; and the royal declaration of indulgence the same year, ""that we might keep all quiet at home whilst we are busy abroad."""	"he supported several other measures--the scheme for rendering the king's power absolute by force of arms; the ""stop of the exchequer"", involving a repudiation of the state debt in 1672; and the royal declaration of indulgence the same year, ""that we might keep all quiet at home whilst we are busy abroad."""
the site provides responses to disparaging rumors about the candidate, such as unsubstantiated claims that he is not a natural-born citizen of the united states.	the site provides responses to disparaging rumors about the candidate, such as claims that he is not a natural-born citizen of the united states.
karl augustus menninger (july 22, 1893 – july 18, 1990), was an american psychiatrist and a member of the famous menninger family of psychiatrists who founded the menninger foundation and the menninger clinic in topeka, kansas.	karl augustus menninger (july 22, 1893 – july 18, 1990), was an american psychiatrist and a member of the menninger family of psychiatrists who founded the menninger foundation and the menninger clinic in topeka, kansas.
the terroristic attack on al-manar's facilities shortly followed a strike against the rafic hariri international airport in beirut earlier that morning.	the attack on al-manar's facilities shortly followed a strike against the rafic hariri international airport in beirut earlier that morning.
"the true storyline surrounding the ownership of cheers begins in the season 5 finale, ""i do, adieu"", when sam and diane part ways, shelley long leaves the regular cast, and sam leaves to attempt circumnavigating the earth."	"the biggest storyline surrounding the ownership of cheers begins in the season 5 finale, ""i do, adieu"", when sam and diane part ways, shelley long leaves the regular cast, and sam leaves to attempt circumnavigating the earth."
death of reeva steenkamp	murder of reeva steenkamp
following a tense stand-off, violence erupted as police clashed with radicalized demonstrators.	following a tense stand-off, violence erupted as police clashed with demonstrators.
"this became known as the ""apostolic decree"" and is one of the first acts differentiating early christianity from rabbinic judaism at roughly the same time rabbinic judaism made their circumcision requirement even stricter."	"this became known as the ""apostolic decree"" and may be one of the first acts differentiating early christianity from rabbinic judaism at roughly the same time rabbinic judaism made their circumcision requirement even stricter."
although violent enough , ubisoft has eliminated corpse beating and will eject the player from the game for beating a corpse, an animal, or attacking an innocent person.	although violent, ubisoft has eliminated corpse beating and will eject the player from the game for beating a corpse, an animal, or attacking an innocent person.
"however, she said that she was 'still married' to wells in 2015. in 2016, machin left hill for comedienne rhona cameron, prompting a friend to comment to the press, ""susan is devastated and heart-broken."	"however, she said that she was 'still married' to wells in 2015. in 2016, machin left hill for comedian rhona cameron, prompting a friend to comment to the press, ""susan is devastated and heart-broken."
at least five of the scientists profiled in the book also appeared in the controversial british documentary the great global warming swindle, they are lindzen, reiter, akasofu, shaviv, and friis-christensen (who has since said his results were misused in the programme).	at least five of the scientists profiled in the book also appeared in the british documentary the great global warming swindle, they are lindzen, reiter, akasofu, shaviv, and friis-christensen (who has since said his results were misused in the programme).
after her tenure on another world, abc daytime hired ms. phelps to be the executive producer for one life to live in 1997. together with head writer pam long, the show was praised for a number of compelling stories, such as the murder of drew buchanan, the feud between cassie & barbara, the death of jenny wolek renaldi (brynn thayer), and one of the most touching developments in the history of oltl, david renaldis (michael zaslow) return to the show despite the actor's courageous battle with als.	after her tenure on another world, abc daytime hired ms. phelps to be the executive producer for one life to live in 1997. together with head writer pam long, the show was praised for a number of compelling stories, such as the murder of drew buchanan, the feud between cassie & barbara, the death of jenny wolek renaldi (brynn thayer), and one of the most touching developments in the history of oltl, david renaldis (michael zaslow) return to the show despite the actor's battle with als.
as assistant to the president and special counsel in the white house of president bill clinton, craig directed the team defending president clinton against impeachment.	as assistant to the president and special counsel in the white house of president bill clinton, craig directed the team defending clinton against impeachment.
nike site sf-91 on angel island in san francisco bay has happily been permanently removed from this state park.	nike site sf-91 on angel island in san francisco bay has been permanently removed from this state park.
it was reached by sir hubert wilkins in 1927 by airplane .	it was reached by sir hubert wilkins in 1927 by aircraft .
we are the 99% is a slogan originating from the occupy wall street series of demonstrations in 2011. it is a reference to the difference in wealth between the top 1% and all the remaining citizens of the united states.	"we are the 99% is a slogan originating from the occupy wall street series of demonstrations in 2011. it is a reference to thier claim that ""there is a large difference in wealth between the top 1% and all the remaining citizens of the united states."
within minutes, a separate off-stage incident involving graham's security man jim matzorkis (who was accused of slapping peter grant's 11 year-old son warren over the theft of a dressing room sign), escalated into an all-in brawl.	within minutes, a separate off-stage incident involving graham's security man jim matzorkis (who was accused of slapping peter grant's 11 year-old son warren over the removal of a dressing room sign), escalated into an all-in brawl.
9:00 p.m.: conservative sean hannity and alan colmes debate political issues of the day with guests and analysts during hannity & colmes.	9:00 p.m.: sean hannity and alan colmes debate political issues of the day with guests and analysts during hannity & colmes.
google voice (formerly grandcentral) is a telecommunications service by google launched on march 11, 2009. , google voice already had some 1.4 million users, 570,000 of whom used the service 7 days a week.	google voice (formerly grandcentral) is a telecommunications service by google launched on march 11, 2009. , google voice had some 1.4 million users, 570,000 of whom used the service 7 days a week.
he served as the 53rd mayor of cleveland, ohio from 1977 to 1979, a tumultuous term in which he survived a recall election and the city defaulted during a political battle over sale of the city-owned electric utility.	he served as the 53rd mayor of cleveland, ohio from 1977 to 1979, a tumultuous term in which he survived a recall election and the city defaulted during a political battle over sale of the municipal electric utility.
shilton played in all bar one of the england games over the next 18 months the one he missed saw a debut for a future england goalkeeping great , david seaman of queens park rangers.	shilton played in all bar one of the england games over the next 18 months the one he missed saw a debut for a future england goalkeeping first choice , david seaman of queens park rangers.
"the earliest known reference to the rapture (aside from those references in the bible itself) is from a sermon attributed to a fourth century byzantine, ephraem of nisibis, in which he is quoted as saying, ""for all the saints and elect of god are gathered, prior to the tribulation that is to come, and are taken to the lord lest they see the confusion that is to overwhelm the world because of our sins."""	"the earliest known reference to the rapture (aside from the possible references in the bible itself) is from a sermon attributed to a fourth century byzantine, ephraem of nisibis, in which he is quoted as saying, ""for all the saints and elect of god are gathered, prior to the tribulation that is to come, and are taken to the lord lest they see the confusion that is to overwhelm the world because of our sins."""
mauisaurus gets its name from the new zealand mori mythological god, maui.	mauisaurus gets its name from the new zealand mori god, maui.
steele was the first person to coin the term drill baby drill during the 2008 republican national convention in minnesota where he promoted offshore drilling as opposed to dependency on foreign oil.	steele was the first person to coin the term drill baby drill during the 2008 republican national convention in minnesota where he promoted offshore drilling as an alternative to dependency on foreign oil.
fa began his amateur career under the guidance for much of his career by respected coach lolo heimuli.	fa began his amateur career under the guidance for much of his career by coach lolo heimuli.
the court ruling's interpretation of the word 'extremism' is likely to be used as a precedent and future court cases will inevitably refer back to it.	the court ruling's interpretation of the word 'extremism' is likely to be used as a precedent and future court cases will potentially refer back to it.
most of ro players will benefit from the two amazing dungeons located in this region.	most of ro players will benefit from the two dungeons located in this region.
image:fvwm_family.svg|center|fvwm family tree, displaying some of the many fvwm derivatives.	image:fvwm_family.svg|center|fvwm family tree, displaying some of the fvwm derivatives.
on 23 february 2010, lees signed a two-year contract extension with leeds united until july 2012. during his impressive loan spell at accrington lees was mainly played as a right back.	on 23 february 2010, lees signed a two-year contract extension with leeds united until july 2012. during his loan spell at accrington lees was mainly played as a right back.
many veterans who served on swift boats during the vietnam war objected to the political attacks and have expressed resentment over the negative connotation now associated with the term.	some veterans who served on swift boats during the vietnam war objected to the political attacks and have expressed resentment over the negative connotation now associated with the term.
a small room located in the lower part of the cave, named for an unexplained noise heard only here.	a room located in the lower part of the cave, named for an unexplained noise heard only here.
rogue is a fictional character, a superheroine appearing in most of the marvel comics x-men related titles.	rogue is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in most of the marvel comics x-men related titles.
steve buscemi as carl showalter, a loquacious small-time crook hired to kidnap jerry's wife	steve buscemi as carl showalter, a small-time crook hired to kidnap jerry's wife
thumbnail| gross image of neurofibroma showing myxoid appearance	thumbnail| image of neurofibroma showing myxoid appearance
(the clumsy notation was designed to make it easy for actors to read their lines.)	(the simple notation was designed to make it easy for actors to read their lines.)
"scotland has relatively recently adopted flower of scotland as its unofficial national anthem, while wales has sung mae hen wlad fy nhadau (land of my fathers) since the 19th century and was sometimes accompanied by (or used on its own) the hymn, ""guide me o thy great redeemer"", the use of which has been unfortunately discontinued."	"scotland has relatively recently adopted flower of scotland as its unofficial national anthem, while wales has sung mae hen wlad fy nhadau (land of my fathers) since the 19th century and was sometimes accompanied by (or used on its own) the hymn, ""guide me o thy great redeemer"", the use of which has been discontinued."
skelton currently serves as chair of the powerful house armed services committee.	skelton currently serves as chair of the house armed services committee.
rykodisc also re-released the classic sst records-era recordings by the meat puppets.	rykodisc also re-released the sst records-era recordings by the meat puppets.
this victory claim was based on the tepid adoption of vista, compared to those sticking with the less-drm infused windows xp or moving to the fsf-defined less restrictive mac os x or entirely free gnu/ linux or freebsd.	this victory claim was based on the tepid adoption of vista, compared to those sticking with the less-drm infused windows xp or moving to the fsf-defined less restrictive mac os x or entirely free linux or freebsd.
they have also worked on the popularization of gnu/ linux, translating gnome and some installation and configuration tools of mandriva and fedora.	they have also worked on the popularization of linux, translating gnome and some installation and configuration tools of mandriva and fedora.
david stone martin (born david livingstone martin in 1913 in chicago, died 1992 in new london, connecticut) was an influential american artist best known for his illustrations on jazz record albums.	david stone martin (born david livingstone martin in 1913 in chicago, died 1992 in new london, connecticut) was an american artist best known for his illustrations on jazz record albums.
tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is a retired supermodel , media personality, actress, occasional singer, author and businesswoman.	tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is a retired model , media personality, actress, occasional singer, author and businesswoman.
since 1976, most elements in the plo have accepted the pre-june 1967 borders as a basis for the establishment of a palestinian state.	since 1976, most elements in the plo have accepted the pre-june 1967 line as a basis for the establishment of a palestinian state.
"though debunked by numerous credible sources including officials from the state of hawaii, dobbs continues (as of july 2009) to argue in support of, and promulgate the claims of the so-called ""obama birthers"" that president barack obama was actually born in kenya, that his (obama's) produced ""hawaiian certificate of live birth"" is a fake and therefore obama is an undocumented immigrant."	"though rejected by numerous credible sources including officials from the state of hawaii , dobbs continues (as of july 2009) to argue in support of, and promulgate the claims of the so-called ""obama birthers"" that president barack obama was actually born in kenya, that his (obama's) produced ""hawaiian certificate of live birth"" is a fake and therefore obama is an undocumented immigrant."
the opening title sequence (not seen in all episodes) begins with a visual of a non-threatening blue sky and the incongruous sound of thunder.	the opening title sequence (not seen in all episodes) begins with a visual of a cloudless blue sky and the incongruous sound of thunder.
"it was suggested that the ship was given the number 390904 which, when reflected, resembles the letters ""nopope"", a sectarian slogan attacking roman catholics, widely used by extreme protestants in northern ireland, where the ship was built."	"it was suggested that the ship was given the number 390904 which, when reflected, resembles the letters ""nopope"", a sectarian slogan attacking roman catholics, used by extreme protestants in northern ireland, where the ship was built."
zeitgeist: the movie is a 2007 documentary film by peter joseph about historical and modern conspiracies surrounding christianity, the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and the federal reserve bank.	zeitgeist: the movie is a 2007 documentary film by peter joseph examining possible historical and modern conspiracies surrounding christianity, the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and the federal reserve bank.
aftac detected pakistan's first of five nuclear tests may 28, 1998, with another nuclear test may 30, 1998. this was mere days after several indian tests.	aftac detected pakistan's first of five nuclear tests may 28, 1998, with another nuclear test may 30, 1998. this was several days after several indian tests.
in 1862, abraham lincoln named a loyal former united states congressman, andrew j. hamilton, as the military governor of texas.	in 1862, abraham lincoln named a former united states congressman, andrew j. hamilton, as the military governor of texas.
it was sadly discontinued and wasn't held in 1929 .	it was discontinued and wasn't held in 1929 .
in september 2007, he suffered a horrific knee injury which threatened to end his career.	in september 2007, he suffered a knee injury which threatened to end his career.
on 16 march 2014, an overwhelming majority allegedly voted in favour of independence of crimea from ukraine and joining russia as a federal subject.	on 16 march 2014, an overwhelming majority voted in favour of independence of crimea from ukraine and joining russia as a federal subject.
he died just before he had the chance to negotiate with the kurdish terrorist organization, the pkk.	he died just before he had the chance to negotiate with the kurdish rebel organization, the pkk.
o'neill furthermore bragged about his sexual conquests with over fifty women.	o'neill furthermore bragged about his sexual activities with over fifty women.
an early form of the play, having been started appoximately ten months prior to bloody sunday, was manipulated following the events of bloody sunday to entail certain links to those fateful events.	an early form of the play, having been started appoximately ten months prior to bloody sunday, was modified following the events of bloody sunday to entail certain links to those fateful events.
there have been some exaggerated movies about the religion as well, such as the 1987 movie, the believers, and the 1997 spanish-mexican-american movie perdita durango, which depicts a couple who follow fantasized santera beliefs and practice human sacrifice and the consumption of aborted fetuses.	there have been some critical movies about the religion as well, such as the 1987 movie, the believers, and the 1997 spanish-mexican-american movie perdita durango, which depicts a couple who follow fantasized santera beliefs and practice human sacrifice and the consumption of aborted fetuses.
"following a victory in fenway park during which johnny pesky hit the deciding home run near the right field foul pole, parnell christened it the ""pesky pole"" or pesky's pole."	"following a victory in fenway park during which johnny pesky hit the deciding home run near the right field foul pole, parnell named it the ""pesky pole"" or pesky's pole."
set in a high and rugged location in the western ozark mountains with spectacular views of the surrounding countryside, the site includes a sheltered petroglyph (pecked or incised) representation of a human figure.	set in a high and rugged location in the western ozark mountains with views of the surrounding countryside, the site includes a sheltered petroglyph (pecked or incised) representation of a human figure.
in particular, christian young earth creationists adhere strongly to the concept of biblical inerrancy, which critics rightly regard as being incompatible with scientific objectivity.	in particular, christian young earth creationists adhere strongly to the concept of biblical inerrancy, which critics regard as being incompatible with scientific objectivity.
harrow on the hill is an affluent area of north west london, england, and part of the london borough of harrow.	harrow on the hill is an area of north west london, england, and part of the london borough of harrow.
"windsor had just built a new park that the team could use (it was christened ""wigle park"" later in the year), and most of the other cities had good facilities."	"windsor had just built a new park that the team could use (it was named ""wigle park"" later in the year), and most of the other cities had good facilities."
king of wishful thinking is a 1990 hit song by the british pop band go west.	king of wishful thinking is a 1990 song by the british pop band go west.
unfortunately , they lost 19 of their last 31 games, finishing out of the playoffs.	however , they lost 19 of their last 31 games, finishing out of the playoffs.
for the class of 2013, the college accepted only 8.9% of its applicants, the third lowest acceptance rate in the ivy league behind harvard and yale.	for the class of 2013, the college accepted 8.9% of its applicants, the third lowest acceptance rate in the ivy league behind harvard and yale.
"blonde turns on the radio and does a menacing dance to the classic stealers wheel song, ""stuck in the middle with you"", before slashing at marvin's face with a straight razor and severing his right ear."	"blonde turns on the radio and does a menacing dance to the stealers wheel song, ""stuck in the middle with you"", before slashing at marvin's face with a straight razor and severing his right ear."
the beautiful florida theatre, opened in 1927, is located in downtown jacksonville and is one of only four remaining high-style movie palaces built in florida during the mediterranean revival architectural boom of the 1920s.	the florida theatre, opened in 1927, is located in downtown jacksonville and is one of only four remaining high-style movie palaces built in florida during the mediterranean revival architectural boom of the 1920s.
she also wrote the film slumber party massacre as a parody of the slasher genre, but the producers of the film unfortunately decided to play it seriously.	she also wrote the film slumber party massacre as a parody of the slasher genre, but the producers of the film decided to play it seriously.
this was followed up by two wonderful strikes in the third place play-off game at the 2006 fifa world cup, also in his home country.	this was followed up by two strikes in the third place play-off game at the 2006 fifa world cup, also in his home country.
for 30 years, the turner valley oilfields was a major supplier of oil and gas and the largest producer in the british empire, but is presently undergoing a mini- recession.	for 30 years, the turner valley oilfields was a major supplier of oil and gas and the largest producer in the british empire, but is presently undergoing a recession.
suzanne flon (1918–2005), french film actress and comedienne	suzanne flon (1918–2005), french film actress and comedian
the french nobility, however, not wanting a foreigner on the throne, especially not an english king, asserted, based on their questionable interpretation of the ancient salic law, that the royal inheritance could not pass to a woman (as previously alleged) or through her to her offspring.	the french nobility, however, not wanting a foreigner on the throne, especially not an english king, asserted, based on their interpretation of the ancient salic law, that the royal inheritance could not pass to a woman (as previously alleged) or through her to her offspring.
though the majority of the album was recorded before the fact, young created the title track after the death of kurt cobain, who referenced him in his alleged suicide note.	though the majority of the album was recorded before the fact, young created the title track after the death of kurt cobain, who referenced him in his suicide note.
many organizations describe it as a neo-nazi organization, and accuse it of promoting racism, hate speech, and violence.	some organizations describe it as a neo-nazi organization, and accuse it of promoting racism, hate speech, and violence.
a collection of tropical plants and flowers can be seen inside the greenhouse, including a fascinating collection of bromeliads and succulents.	a collection of tropical plants and flowers can be seen inside the greenhouse, including a collection of bromeliads and succulents.
"the government can avoid this unfortunate consequence by instead focusing on expanding its gdp and thereby ""reducing"" the percentage of gdp that debt represents."	"the government can avoid this consequence by instead focusing on expanding its gdp and thereby ""reducing"" the percentage of gdp that debt represents."
she is the plaintiff in the lawsuit english v. trump, in which she is seeking to have herself installed as acting director of the cfpb.	she is the plaintiff in the lawsuit english v. trump, in which she is seeking to have herself acknowledged as acting director of the cfpb.
"the disgraced newspaper publisher conrad black declared ren lvesque to be a ""repulsive little gnome...greasy, twitchy and specious."""	"the newspaper publisher conrad black declared ren lvesque to be a ""repulsive little gnome...greasy, twitchy and specious."""
moberly and jourdain may have inadvertently gatecrashed a gay fancy dress party.	moberly and jourdain may have inadvertently gatecrashed a fancy dress party.
they tried to influence mankind 's pre-human ancestors, but failed, and were rejected by the celestials for their empowering experiments.	they tried to influence humankind 's pre-human ancestors, but failed, and were rejected by the celestials for their empowering experiments.
"he discusses the ""proofs"" of thomas aquinas, upholding that they are all vacuous, with the exception of the argument from design."	"he discusses the ""proofs"" of thomas aquinas, arguing that they are all vacuous, with the exception of the argument from design."
the thiruvalla - kumbazha (sh-7) road, also famous as the t.k road ends at kumbazha.	the thiruvalla - kumbazha (sh-7) road, also known as the t.k road ends at kumbazha.
as with most other services and modules of functionality of the gsm system, no individual can claim the fatherhood of sms, although the credit has mostly been given to matti makkonen, a pioneer in finnish mobile communications.	as with most other services and modules of functionality of the gsm system, no individual can claim the parenthood of sms, although the credit has mostly been given to matti makkonen, a pioneer in finnish mobile communications.
most of these groups were affiliated with the christian right, but the reverend jesse jackson, a leftist , also called for schiavo's feeding tube to be re-inserted.	most of these groups were affiliated with the christian right, but the reverend jesse jackson, a democrat and civil rights activist , also called for schiavo's feeding tube to be re-inserted.
"karl marx and friedrich engels believed hegel was ""standing on his head"", and attempted to put him back on his feet, ridding hegel's logic of its idealist orientation, and conceiving what is now known as materialist or marxist dialectics."	"karl marx and friedrich engels believed hegel was ""standing on his head"", and claimed to put him back on his feet, ridding hegel's logic of its idealist orientation, and conceiving what is now known as materialist or marxist dialectics."
progressive conservatives in the senate of canada, led by sen. don plett, used procedural obstruction to keep the bill from moving to a vote.	progressive conservatives in the senate of canada, led by sen. don plett, were accused of using procedural obstruction to keep the bill from moving to a vote.
mary magdalene is described, both in the canonical new testament and in the new testament apocrypha, as a devoted follower of jesus.	mary magdalene is described, both in the canonical new testament and in the new testament apocrypha, as a devoted disciple of jesus.
"therefore, at the time of the septuagint text of isaiah, ""the young woman"" is likely a more appropriate translation than ""virgin,"" which has often been used because of a traditional christian bias ."	"therefore, at the time of the septuagint text of isaiah, ""the young woman"" is likely a more appropriate translation than ""virgin,"" which has often been used because of a traditional christian interpretation ."
sane advice is the fifth solo album (and sixth overall) for american comedienne and actress lawanda page, released on the laff records label with just the first name of her stage name, lawanda (her real name being alberta peal).	sane advice is the fifth solo album (and sixth overall) for american comedian and actress lawanda page, released on the laff records label with just the first name of her stage name, lawanda (her real name being alberta peal).
audio veterans, audio engineers, loudspeaker aficionados, and audiophiles often raise the following issues/criticisms/concerns with bose in the following areas:	audio veterans, audio engineers, loudspeaker aficionados, and audiophiles (mainly the vendor-neutral niche) historically raise the following issues/criticisms/concerns with bose in the following areas:
on 24 july 2016, one person was killed and at least twelve people were wounded, three seriously, in a suicide bombing outside a wine bar in ansbach, germany.	on 24 july 2016, one man was killed and at least twelve people were wounded, three seriously, in a suicide bombing outside a wine bar in ansbach, germany.
the base of the resort is the picturesque town of panticosa, which includes several hotels and apartments and is situated at 1350 m amsl.	the base of the resort is the town of panticosa, which includes several hotels and apartments and is situated at 1350 m amsl.
unfortunately , hagen surrendered 28 runs and the quakers made 20 errors behind him, as philadelphia lost in the most lopsided shutout in major league history, 28 - 0. cliff falk was the winning pitcher.	however , hagen surrendered 28 runs and the quakers made 20 errors behind him, as philadelphia lost in the most lopsided shutout in major league history, 28 - 0. cliff falk was the winning pitcher.
compared to other major record labels, the naxos selection may be shallower in terms of interpretations of a given masterwork .	compared to other major record labels, the naxos selection may be shallower in terms of interpretations of a given piece .
co- chairman of the ppp	co- chairperson of the ppp
this form of mosquito repellent is slowly replacing indoor residual spraying, which is shown to have high levels of toxicity by who (world health organization).	this form of mosquito repellent is slowly replacing indoor residual spraying , which is considered to have high levels of toxicity by who (world health organization).
vicki pepperdine is a london-born english actress and comedienne .	vicki pepperdine is a london-born english actress and comedian .
6 and 7 in the list below, two years apart, between the same teams at the same ground) and pakistani premier fast bowler wasim akram (no.	6 and 7 in the list below, two years apart, between the same teams at the same ground) and pakistani fast bowler wasim akram (no.
trial as an adult is a situation when a juvenile offender is tried as if he/she were an adult.	trial as an adult is a situation when a juvenile offender is tried as if they were an adult.
"in cases like those of the witches of salem, massachusetts, or the nuns who accused father urbain grandier, a collective hysteria takes place, involving more than one person ""contagiously"" convinced of that ""truth""."	"in cases like those of the witches of salem, massachusetts, or the nuns who accused father urbain grandier, a collective hysteria is believed to take place, involving more than one person ""contagiously"" convinced of that ""truth""."
the actual text of the speech can be found here: www .	the actual text of the speech can be found here: quod .
there has only been one fatality at the ring.	there has been one fatality at the ring.
rummel also holds a leftist bias in much of the press and some parts of the academic world that selectively focus on problems in nations with high political and economic freedom and ignores much worse problems in other nations.	rummel also has also been criticised for holding a leftist bias in much of the press and some parts of the academic world that selectively focus on problems in nations with high political and economic freedom and ignores much worse problems in other nations.
jason frederick kidd (born march 23 1973) is an american all-star professional basketball player in the nba.	jason frederick kidd (born march 23 1973) is an american professional basketball player in the nba.
less common are van het and van 't, which use the similar but neutral article het.	less common are van het and van 't, which use the similar but grammatically neuter article het.
michael scored his first competitive goal for tottenham in their famous 2-1 win over chelsea at white hart lane on 5 november 2006. his goal cancelled out claude makll's strike.	michael scored his first competitive goal for tottenham in their 2-1 win over chelsea at white hart lane on 5 november 2006. his goal cancelled out claude makll's strike.
rose interviews well-known thinkers, writers, politicians, athletes, entertainers, businessmen , leaders, scientists, and other newsmakers.	rose interviews well-known thinkers, writers, politicians, athletes, entertainers, businesspersons , leaders, scientists, and other newsmakers.
after the explosive success of his debut album, music for people could only produce one successful single, free, which charted highly and gained major mtv exposure after it was put in replay.	after the success of his debut album, music for people could only produce one successful single, free, which charted highly and gained major mtv exposure after it was put in replay.
its critics see it as advocating that women should be submissive to their husbands.	its critics see doyle as advocating that women should be submissive to their husbands.
this assessment, repeated in numerous press articles, is disputed: amd issued a statement debunking the claim of full undetectability .	this assessment, repeated in numerous press articles, is disputed: amd issued a statement disputing the claim of full undetectability .
delores and the turtle - biggest fan site	delores and the turtle - fan site
an international organization with a majority of worldwide members living outside of the united states, the lds church has its world headquarters in salt lake city, utah, where 96-year-old gordon b. hinckley serves as its 15th president and is considered the world's modern prophet and mouth-piece for jesus christ.	an international organization with a majority of worldwide members living outside of the united states, the lds church has its world headquarters in salt lake city, utah, where 96-year-old gordon b. hinckley serves as its 15th president and is considered the world's modern prophet and earthly voice for jesus christ.
the blog 's writers also criticize mainstream views on topics such as global warming and aids.	the site 's writers also criticize mainstream views on topics such as global warming and aids.
mitchell hooks (1923 - march 2013) was an american artist and illustrator renowned for his artwork for paperback books and magazines.	mitchell hooks (1923 - march 2013) was an american artist and illustrator known for his artwork for paperback books and magazines.
israel invaded and occupied sinai during the suez crisis (known in egypt as the tripartite aggression) of 1956, and during the six day war of 1967. on 6 october 1973, egypt launched the october war to liberate the peninsula, which was the site of fierce fighting between egyptian and israeli forces.	israel invaded and occupied sinai during the suez crisis (known in egypt as the tripartite aggression) of 1956, and during the six day war of 1967. on 6 october 1973, egypt launched the october war to retake the peninsula, which was the site of fierce fighting between egyptian and israeli forces.
an example of this can be seen at delapr abbey in northamptonshire, where bunding was added to the edge of the historical park land to keep out motorcyclists and gypsys .	an example of this can be seen at delapr abbey in northamptonshire, where bunding was added to the edge of the historical park land to keep out motorcyclists and travellers .
however, his performance in barking was disappointing as he polled 14.8% of the vote and margaret hodge retained the seat with more than half of the vote.	however, his performance in barking was poor as he polled 14.8% of the vote and margaret hodge retained the seat with more than half of the vote.
after a pilgrimage to rome, where he begged at the church doors for the poor, he had a vision in which he heard a voice calling upon him to restore the church of god which had fallen into decay.	after a pilgrimage to rome, where he begged at the church doors for the poor, he had a vision in which he heard a voice calling upon him to restore the church of jesus which had fallen into decay.
he received international renown after a spectator, a defrocked irish priest, attacked him at the 2004 summer olympics marathon while he was leading the race at 35 km.	he received international renown after a spectator, a laicized irish priest, attacked him at the 2004 summer olympics marathon while he was leading the race at 35 km.
sir philip anthony hopkins, cbe (born 31 december 1937), best known as anthony hopkins, is a british actor of film, stage and television, and a composer.	sir philip anthony hopkins, cbe (born 31 december 1937), best known as anthony hopkins, is a welsh actor of film, stage and television, and a composer.
elias zazi (born 1964 in beirut, lebanon) is a assyrian/ syriac theorist in music, composer, teacher of music and music critic to a daily newspaper in sdertlje, sweden.	elias zazi (born 1964 in beirut, lebanon) is a syriac theorist in music, composer, teacher of music and music critic to a daily newspaper in sdertlje, sweden.
enhanced interrogation techniques, also referred to as rough interrogation, harsh interrogation, and alternative set of procedures were euphemisms adopted by the george w. bush administration in the united states to describe interrogation methods used by us military intelligence and the central intelligence agency (cia) to extract information from those individuals captured in the war on terror soon after the events of september 11, 2001.	enhanced interrogation techniques, also referred to as rough interrogation, harsh interrogation, and alternative set of procedures were terms adopted by the george w. bush administration in the united states to describe interrogation methods used by us military intelligence and the central intelligence agency (cia) to extract information from those individuals captured in the war on terror soon after the events of september 11, 2001.
he is a rude, lazy, selfish, overweight, unfunny orange tabby cat who enjoys eating, sleeping and being sarcastic.	he is a rude, lazy, selfish, overweight, orange tabby cat who enjoys eating, sleeping and being sarcastic.
the response to the album was amazing and prompted cabrera to leave his band for good.	the response to the album was positive and prompted cabrera to leave his band for good.
celebrities and leaders in the entertainment industry, including robin williams (by improvisation) and john huston (overcoming emphysema), appeared on camera to narrate public service announcements about human rights for the television broadcast.	celebrities and figures in the entertainment industry, including robin williams (by improvisation) and john huston (overcoming emphysema), appeared on camera to narrate public service announcements about human rights for the television broadcast.
other political figures to speak in the mac center include two former first ladies, eleanor roosevelt in 1954 and barbara bush in 2000. filmmaker michael moore spoke in the arena in 2004 in an event that included an appearance by actress/ comedienne roseanne barr.	other political figures to speak in the mac center include two former first ladies, eleanor roosevelt in 1954 and barbara bush in 2000. filmmaker michael moore spoke in the arena in 2004 in an event that included an appearance by actress/ comedian roseanne barr.
the beautiful himalayan country of nepal does not have a very long film history, but the industry has its own place in the cultural heritage of nepal.	the himalayan country of nepal does not have a very long film history, but the industry has its own place in the cultural heritage of nepal.
on july 4, 2001, when iler was only 16 years old, he and three others were arrested on manhattan's upper east side for robbing $40 from two brazilian tourists.	on july 4, 2001, when iler was 16 years old, he and three others were arrested on manhattan's upper east side for robbing $40 from two brazilian tourists.
flash fanstuff is homestar runner related flash cartoons and games created by many talented users.	flash fanstuff is homestar runner related flash cartoons and games created by many users.
script mothers can be writers, comediennes or cartoonists.	script mothers can be writers, comedians or cartoonists.
madampagama is a beautiful villege in southern sri lanka.	madampagama is a villege in southern sri lanka.
"kng is ""a catholic priest in good standing"", but the vatican has rescinded his authority to teach catholic theology."	"kng identifies himself as ""a catholic priest in good standing"", but the vatican has rescinded his authority to teach catholic theology."
picken's plan will require the construction of massive wind farms to generate electricity.	picken's plan will require the construction of large scale wind farms to generate electricity.
colby armstrong and maxime talbot appear in a popular commercial for a pittsburgh-based luxury car dealership.	colby armstrong and maxime talbot appear in a commercial for a pittsburgh-based luxury car dealership.
traditional medicine (also known as indigenous or folk medicine) comprises pseudomedical knowledge systems that developed over generations within various societies before the era of modern medicine.	traditional medicine (also known as indigenous or folk medicine) comprises healing knowledge systems that developed over generations within various societies before the era of modern medicine.
the province is home to the historical canossa castle, property of the countess matilde; it is where the famous walk to canossa of henry iv occurred.	the province is home to the historical canossa castle, property of the countess matilde; it is where the walk to canossa of henry iv occurred.
lemkivshchyna became part of poland in medieval piast times.	the lemko region became part of poland in medieval piast times.
"one of her most popular comic songs, ""let's do it"", which tells the story of freda (a nymphomaniac ) and barry (an introverted man terrified of sex), makes clever use of allusions to a multitude of risqu activities while avoiding all taboo words."	"one of her most popular comic songs, ""let's do it"", which tells the story of freda (a woman eager for sex ) and barry (an introverted man terrified of sex), makes clever use of allusions to a multitude of risqu activities while avoiding all taboo words."
the arrowhead high school chapter of key club in hartland, wisconsin of the mighty wisconsin-upper michigan district is the largest key club in the world with more than 600 members.	the arrowhead high school chapter of key club in hartland, wisconsin of the wisconsin-upper michigan district is the largest key club in the world with more than 600 members.
"the term whistleblower comes from the phrase ""blow the whistle,"" which refers to a whistle being blown by a policeman or a referee to indicate an activity that is illegal or a foul."	"the term whistleblower comes from the phrase ""blow the whistle,"" which refers to a whistle being blown by a police officer or a referee to indicate an activity that is illegal or a foul."
following large protests (pictured), the romanian government rescinds an emergency decree commuting sentences of some nonviolent criminals and decriminalizing certain corruption cases.	following protests (pictured), the romanian government rescinds an emergency decree commuting sentences of some nonviolent criminals and decriminalizing certain corruption cases.
"nitpickers have criticized one of picard's logs in ""encounter at farpoint"" for being motivated not so much by the story as by a need to explain to viewers that the holodeck is a very realistic simulation."	"some have criticized one of picard's logs in ""encounter at farpoint"" for being motivated not so much by the story as by a need to explain to viewers that the holodeck is a very realistic simulation."
inside the shelter, and now sadly lost, were two pieces of sculpture work by mr. gilbert bayes.	inside the shelter, and now lost, were two pieces of sculpture work by mr. gilbert bayes.
many campers gladly accept the increased carrying weight of a bivy shelter for the huge increase in comfort it affords.	many campers gladly accept the increased carrying weight of a bivy shelter for the claimed increase in comfort it affords.
since the decision effectively exempts felons (and, by extrapolation, all other prohibited possessors) from any gun registration scheme, it is often cited in the american gun control debate.	since the decision effectively exempts felons (and, by extrapolation, all other prohibited possessors) from any gun registration scheme, it is often cited in the american gun politics debate.
mannock was a ruthless pilot who is regarded as one of the finest patrol leaders and mentors of novice pilots of the war, though saddly he is not as well known as others like manfred von richthofen or albert ball.	mannock was a ruthless pilot who is regarded as one of the finest patrol leaders and mentors of novice pilots of the war, though he is not as well known as others like manfred von richthofen or albert ball.
a report by the organisation for economic co-operation and development indicates that up to us$200 billion of international trade could have been in counterfeit and illegally copied goods in 2005. in november 2009, the oecd updated these estimates, concluding that the share of counterfeit and pirated goods in world trade had increased from 1.85% in 2000 to 1.95% in 2007. that represents an increase to us$250 billion worldwide.	a report by the organisation for economic co-operation and development indicates that up to us$200 billion of international trade could have been in counterfeit and illegally copied goods in 2005. in november 2009, the oecd updated these estimates, concluding that the share of counterfeit and illegitimate goods in world trade had increased from 1.85% in 2000 to 1.95% in 2007. that represents an increase to us$250 billion worldwide.
philip kilbride, an american anthropologist, in his provocative book, plural marriage for our time, proposes polygamy as a solution to some of the ills of the american society at large.	philip kilbride, an american anthropologist, in his book, plural marriage for our time, proposes polygamy as a solution to some of the ills of the american society at large.
"in december 2007, she made headlines when at a breakfast for hollywood reporter's women in entertainment, she made an acceptance speech in which she paid tribute to longtime friend film producer cydney bernard , with whom foster has lived for 14 years, referring to her as ""my beautiful cydney, who sticks with me through the rotten and the bliss."""	"in december 2007, she made headlines when at a breakfast for hollywood reporter's women in entertainment, she made an acceptance speech in which she paid tribute to longtime companion film producer cydney bernard , with whom foster has lived for 14 years, referring to her as ""my beautiful cydney, who sticks with me through the rotten and the bliss."""
it was taken seriously by all of the silly animals.	it was taken seriously by all of the anthropomorphic animals.
morning sleep inertia takes two to four hours to dissipate completely, though we may function adequately before that time.	morning sleep inertia takes two to four hours to dissipate completely, though subjects may function adequately before that time.
this was due to a large number of liverpool fans gaining entry to the stadium, through forged tickets or no tickets at all.	this was due to a large number of fans gaining entry to the stadium, through forged tickets or no tickets at all.
"ralph g. walton, a psychologist at northeastern ohio universities college of medicine, reported in a self-published 1996 analysis of aspartame research that industry-funded studies found no safety concerns while 84 of 92 independent ""studies"" did identify safety concerns."	"ralph g. walton, a psychologist at northeastern ohio universities college of medicine, stated in a self-published 1996 analysis of aspartame research that industry-funded studies found no safety concerns while 84 of 92 independent ""studies"" did identify safety concerns."
in 2000, the city adopted a revised version of the ordinance, eliminating the unconstitutional elements.	in 2000, the city adopted a revised version of the ordinance, in an attempt to eliminate the unconstitutional elements.
other reasons are that birth parents are not in the position to raise a child, doing so would interfere with their future plans and goals, gender preference, or societal stigma of single motherhood .	other reasons are that birth parents are not in the position to raise a child, doing so would interfere with their future plans and goals, gender preference, or societal stigma of single parenthood .
his amusingly amateur attempt to start a relationship with kaylee is a recurring subplot throughout the series.	his amateur attempt to start a relationship with kaylee is a recurring subplot throughout the series.
to the east runs the beautiful widcombe valley with some excellent georgian buildings.	to the east runs the widcombe valley with some excellent georgian buildings.
"sir edward ""michael"" coulson fowler, fnzia, (born 19 december 1929), is a bigoted new zealand architect and author who served as mayor of wellington from 1974 to 1983."	"sir edward ""michael"" coulson fowler, fnzia, (born 19 december 1929), is a new zealand architect and author who served as mayor of wellington from 1974 to 1983."
some religious opponents of evolution continue to maintain this unfounded view of biology (see creation-evolution controversy).	some religious opponents of evolution continue to maintain this view of biology (see creation-evolution controversy).
a year later, a worsened recession along with the poor performance of the greek government in achieving the impossible conditions of the agreed bailout, forced a second bailout.	a year later, a worsened recession along with the poor performance of the greek government in achieving the conditions of the agreed bailout, forced a second bailout.
another of this minorca group is the blue andalusian noted for its equally minorca large-sized comb which limits this breed from the frigid northern areas of the united states and canada where comb frostbite is a problem for these lovely birds.	another of this minorca group is the blue andalusian noted for its equally minorca large-sized comb which limits this breed from the frigid northern areas of the united states and canada where comb frostbite is a problem for these birds.
hd dvd (short for high-definition/density dvd) is a defunct high-density optical disc format for storing data and high-definition video.	hd dvd (short for high-definition/density dvd) is a high-density optical disc format for storing data and high-definition video.
the castillo saw action during the american revolution mainly as a prison, holding several patriots captured in charleston when it was taken by the british.	the castillo saw action during the american revolution mainly as a prison, holding several revolutionary fighters captured in charleston when it was taken by the british.
dion at a december 1 rally during the leadership convention.	dion at a december 1 rally during the masturbation convention.
brought up deep in the countryside in the small picturesque village of great massingham, which is near king's lynn norfolk, he began observing wild animals at a young age, learning to use his sense of smell and sound to find his way at night when studying foxes and badgers.	brought up deep in the countryside in the small village of great massingham, which is near king's lynn norfolk, he began observing wild animals at a young age, learning to use his sense of smell and sound to find his way at night when studying foxes and badgers.
clapham south was extended upwards around the time of its original construction with a block of apartments; morden was extended upwards in the 1960s with an ugly block of offices.	clapham south was extended upwards around the time of its original construction with a block of apartments; morden was extended upwards in the 1960s with an block of offices.
"link usually meets zelda's obstinate rejection with his sarcastic catchphrase, ""well!"	"link usually meets zelda's rejection with his sarcastic catchphrase, ""well!"
like many towers in the uk, grenfell only had a single central staircase.	like many towers in the uk, grenfell had a single central staircase.
since that time, several studies have shown that transitioning from walking to running actually resulted in an increase in energy expenditure, while no studies have supported an energetic benefit from the transition.	since that time, several studies have shown that transitioning from walking to running actually resulted in an increase in energy expenditure, while other studies have supported an energetic benefit from the transition.
terrence mann appears in all four films as an interstellar bounty hunter named ug, as does don keith opper as charlie, an alcoholic who rises to the occasion when called upon to defend humanity .	terrence mann appears in all four films as an interstellar bounty hunter named ug, as does don keith opper as charlie, an alcoholic who rises to the occasion when called upon to defend mankind .
as a means of escaping the slow death endured by his followers, it is believed by his son stephan, that jim jones cowardly chose to be shot rather than poisoned.	as a means of escaping the slow death endured by his followers, it is believed by his son stephan, that jim jones chose to be shot rather than poisoned.
neighbours from hell in britain (sometimes known as nfhib) was independently created on october 24th 2002, by two private individuals who experienced repeated forms of neighbour abuse themselves.	neighbours from hell in britain (sometimes known as nfhib) was created on october 24th 2002, by two private individuals who experienced repeated forms of neighbour abuse themselves.
andrea martin (born 1947), canadian actress and comedienne	andrea martin (born 1947), canadian actress and comedian
villiers is also located roughly 150 km from pretoria (south africa's de facto capital city), and approximately 70 km from the large city of vereeniging.	villiers is also located roughly 150 km from pretoria (south africa's de facto capital city), and approximately 70 km from the city of vereeniging.
white pride is a slogan primarily used by white separatist, white nationalist, neo-nazi and white supremacist organizations to signal their racist viewpoints.	white pride is a slogan primarily used by white separatist, white nationalist, neo-nazi and white supremacist organizations to signal their viewpoints.
pions are unstable, with the charged pions decaying with a mean life time of 26 billionths of a second and the uncharged pion decaying with an even shorter lifetime.	pions are unstable, with the charged pions decaying with a mean life time of 26 billionths of a second and the neutral pion decaying with an even shorter lifetime.
one interesting case of hydrocephalus was a man whose brain shrank to a thin sheet of tissue, due to buildup of cerebrospinal fluid in his skull.	one exceptional case of hydrocephalus was a man whose brain shrank to a thin sheet of tissue, due to buildup of cerebrospinal fluid in his skull.
relapse often occurs when the person returns home to their normal environment however, where drug seeking behavior may return in response to social and environmental cues.	relapse may occurs when the person returns home to their normal environment however, where drug seeking behavior may return in response to social and environmental cues.
yaqoob claims she was spat at in the streets of birmingham in the days following the attacks.	yaqoob asserts that she was spat at in the streets of birmingham in the days following the attacks.
rock lee's consumption of alcohol and his drunken fist style were changed in both the english-version edited anime and manga of naruto to avoid referencing an underage character consuming alcohol.	rock lee's consumption of alcoholic beverage s and his drunken fist style were changed in both the english-version edited anime and manga of naruto to avoid referencing an underage character consuming alcohol.
in 1979 mountbatten was assassinated by the provisional irish republican army (ira), who planted a bomb in his fishing boat, the shadow v, at mullaghmore, county sligo in the republic of ireland.	in 1979 mountbatten was killed by the provisional irish republican army (ira), who planted a bomb in his fishing boat, the shadow v, at mullaghmore, county sligo in the republic of ireland.
his blood alcohol content was .11, far above the legal limit of .08.	his blood alcohol content was .11, above the legal limit of .08.
sylvester died of complications from aids in san francisco on december 16, 1988. he was only 40 years old.	sylvester died of complications from aids in san francisco on december 16, 1988. he was 40 years old.
"leviathan, the power cleverly hidden behind politicians"" in which he uses the history to explain the delusion of democracy."	"leviathan, the power cleverly hidden behind politicians"" in which he uses the history to explain what he contends is a delusion of democracy."
the primary criticism of atheism is that it rejects belief in god, for whose existence theist and deist critics claim there are well-established arguments.	the primary criticism of atheism is that it rejects belief in god, for whose existence theist and deist critics believe there are well-established arguments.
ousanas (c.320) was a jewish king of axum.	ousanas (c.320) was a king of axum.
the best example of horror punk fashion can be found in the band the misfits.	the quintessential example of horror punk fashion can be found in the band the misfits.
ezhattumugham is a beautiful country village in the ernakulam district of kerala india.it is situated 11.8 km from the nearest nedumbassery airport, ernakulam, kerala, india and 40 km from cochin.	ezhattumugham is a country village in the ernakulam district of kerala india.it is situated 11.8 km from the nearest nedumbassery airport, ernakulam, kerala, india and 40 km from cochin.
sit and be fit is an award-winning exercise program for senior citizens and individuals with limited physical motion, that is available on video tapes and is distributed to public television stations (although not by the public broadcasting service (pbs)).	sit and be fit is an exercise program for senior citizens and individuals with limited physical motion, that is available on video tapes and is distributed to public television stations (although not by the public broadcasting service (pbs)).
rugby union in scotland is a popular team sport.	rugby union in scotland is a team sport.
groton school is an elite private, episcopal, college preparatory boarding school located in groton, massachusetts, u.s. it enrolls approximately 350 boys and girls, from the eighth through twelfth grades.	groton school is an private, episcopal, college preparatory boarding school located in groton, massachusetts, u.s. it enrolls approximately 350 boys and girls, from the eighth through twelfth grades.
charmaine unintentionally sabotaged the project when she ignorantly hired crude comedienne cory kahaney to entertain the gm executives during lunch.	charmaine unintentionally sabotaged the project when she ignorantly hired crude comedian cory kahaney to entertain the gm executives during lunch.
rabbi shlomo wolbe (wilhelm wolbe, 1914 - april 25, 2005) was a multi faceted yet haredi rabbi born in berlin and died in jerusalem.	rabbi shlomo wolbe (wilhelm wolbe, 1914 - april 25, 2005) was a multi faceted haredi rabbi born in berlin and died in jerusalem.
founder joseph smith, jr., whose family lived on a farm that straddled the line between palmyra and manchester, said he had been visited by god the father and jesus christ in 1820, an event known as the first vision.	founder joseph smith, jr., whose family lived on a farm that straddled the line between palmyra and manchester, claimed he had been visited by god the father and jesus christ in 1820, an event known as the first vision.
he is best known for being featured on the american reality tv show jon & kate plus 8, on which he appeared with his now estranged wife, kate, and their eight children.	he is best known for being featured on the american reality tv show jon & kate plus 8, on which he appeared with his now wife, kate, and their eight children.
denko was ordained as a rinzai zen buddhist priest on july 4 1980 and received dharma transmission from eido roshi in 2002.	denko was ordained as a rinzai zen buddhist priest on july 4 1980 and received dharma transmission from eido in 2002.
the national liberation army (albanian: ushtria lirimtare kombtare - uk), also known as the macedonian uk, is a terrorist organization that operates in the republic of macedonia.	the national liberation army (albanian: ushtria lirimtare kombtare - uk), also known as the macedonian uk, is a military organization that operates in the republic of macedonia.
"due to president thiu's ""no surrender of territory"" command, the army was stretched to the limit defending useless terrain along a 600-mile frontier."	"due to president thiu's ""no surrender of territory"" command, the army was stretched to the limit defending terrain along a 600-mile frontier."
great matches have been played against netherlands in both legs, although extremely dubious referee decisions have marred albania's performances , ending up in two losses (2-1, 0-1).	great matches have been played against netherlands in both legs, although allegedly dubious referee decisions have marred albania's performances , ending up in two losses (2-1, 0-1).
"26-year old joshua scott chasez is better known as ""jc"" from the mickey mouse club and from the sensational boy band nsync."	"26-year old joshua scott chasez is better known as ""jc"" from the mickey mouse club and from the boy band nsync."
in 1959, reid married his high school sweetheart , landra gould.	in 1959, reid married his high school girlfriend , landra gould.
the joe satriani ep is a five track ep recorded by virtuoso guitarist joe satriani in 1984. the ep is notable for only using sounds made by an electric guitar, from tapping on the pickups for drums, to detuning the guitar for bass.	the joe satriani ep is a five track ep recorded by guitarist joe satriani in 1984. the ep is notable for only using sounds made by an electric guitar, from tapping on the pickups for drums, to detuning the guitar for bass.
the vote passed and a resolution was approved to try and remove the fccs new rules on net neutrality; however, officials doubt there is enough time to completely repeal the rules before the open internet order officially expired on june 11, 2018.	the vote passed and a resolution was approved to try and remove the fccs new rules on net neutrality; however, officials doubt there is enough time to completely repeal the rules before the open internet order officially expires on june 11, 2018.
by contrast with miller's views as noted above, though, marcus borg, of the controversial jesus seminar, has co-authored with wright the book the meaning of jesus: two visions, and the two scholars are well-known for their mutual admiration and respect.	by contrast with miller's views as noted above, though, marcus borg, of the jesus seminar, has co-authored with wright the book the meaning of jesus: two visions, and the two scholars are well-known for their mutual admiration and respect.
conservative author and pundit debbie schlussel has accused corsi of plagiarizing elements from columns that she has published, and subsequently posting them under his byline in his worldnetdaily column.	author and pundit debbie schlussel has accused corsi of plagiarizing elements from columns that she has published, and subsequently posting them under his byline in his worldnetdaily column.
melisa cantiveros - actress and comedienne .	melisa cantiveros - actress and comedian .
manush georgiev, better known as manush voivoda was a macedonian revolutionary from ottoman macedonia and a member of the internal macedonian-adrianople revolutionary organization.	manush georgiev, better known as manush voivoda was a bulgarian revolutionary from ottoman macedonia and a member of the internal macedonian-adrianople revolutionary organization.
in 1954, manzanita added a 1/2 mile track and christened it with a 25-hour marathon race.	in 1954, manzanita added a 1/2 mile track and opened it with a 25-hour marathon race.
the bangladesh liberation war(i) ( muktijuddho) was a revolutionary war of independence in 1971 which established the sovereign nation of bangladesh.	the bangladesh liberation war(i) ( muktijuddho) was a war of independence in 1971 which established the sovereign nation of bangladesh.
the (international) noise conspiracy is a revolutionary rock band from a town in the north of sweden called ume.	the (international) noise conspiracy is a rock band from a town in the north of sweden called ume.
"the man with no name is the protagonist portrayed by clint eastwood in sergio leone's ""dollars trilogy"" of spaghetti western films: a fistful of dollars (1964), for a few dollars more (1965) and the good, the bad and the ugly (1966)."	"the man with no name is the character portrayed by clint eastwood in sergio leone's ""dollars trilogy"" of spaghetti western films: a fistful of dollars (1964), for a few dollars more (1965) and the good, the bad and the ugly (1966)."
osama bin laden (born july 30?, 1957), full name sheikh usamah bin-muhammad bin-ladin (the name can be transliterated in several ways, including usama bin laden, as used by the fbi, ussamah bin ladin and osama ibn laden) is a wealthy saudi arabian-born islamist leader, head of the al-qaeda terrorist group, and previously a us-sponsored mujahedeen guerilla leader.	osama bin laden (born july 30?, 1957), full name sheikh usamah bin-muhammad bin-ladin (the name can be transliterated in several ways, including usama bin laden, as used by the fbi, ussamah bin ladin and osama ibn laden) is a wealthy saudi arabian-born islamist leader, head of the al-qaeda terrorist group, and previously a mujahedeen guerilla leader.
the song is about hook's failed relationship with comedienne caroline aherne.	the song is about hook's failed relationship with comedian caroline aherne.
the kellys were a poor selector family who saw themselves as downtrodden by the squattocracy and as victims of police persecution.	the kellys were a selector family who saw themselves as downtrodden by the squattocracy and as victims of police persecution.
apparent racism and sexism	alleged racism and sexism
, formerly latinized as algoritmi, was a persian scholar in the house of wisdom in baghdad who produced works in mathematics, astronomy, and geography during the abbasid caliphate.	, formerly latinized as algoritmi, was a scholar in the house of wisdom in baghdad who produced works in mathematics, astronomy, and geography during the abbasid caliphate.
the city of compton as well as southern los angeles county in general is famous for its black and hispanic gangs, such as the bloods, the crips, and sureos, which all originated in the los angeles area.	the city of compton as well as southern los angeles county in general is known for its black and hispanic gangs, such as the bloods, the crips, and sureos, which all originated in the los angeles area.
listed in the prestigious core collection of the united kingdom.	listed in the core collection of the united kingdom.
the film portrays the heroic story of seven indians who attempt to liberate goa from the portuguese colonial rule.	the film portrays the story of seven indians who attempt to liberate goa from the portuguese colonial rule.
"kane has written songs such as ""the toughest girl alive"" (used on the hidden palms series for the cw network); ""who do you love"" (nominated for an out music award); ""200 pounds of fun"" (featured in the motion picture, the girl next door); ""for your love"" (included on an episode of the chris isaak show); ""please tell me a lie"" (used in the motion picture heavy, starring deborah harry); ""you need a great big woman"" (used on the oxygen network series strong medicine); and ""the lord was a woman"" (recorded by comedienne judy tenuta)."	"kane has written songs such as ""the toughest girl alive"" (used on the hidden palms series for the cw network); ""who do you love"" (nominated for an out music award); ""200 pounds of fun"" (featured in the motion picture, the girl next door); ""for your love"" (included on an episode of the chris isaak show); ""please tell me a lie"" (used in the motion picture heavy, starring deborah harry); ""you need a great big woman"" (used on the oxygen network series strong medicine); and ""the lord was a woman"" (recorded by comedian judy tenuta)."
infamously known for being the former home of the collingwood football club (a member of the australian football league).	it is known for being the former home of the collingwood football club (a member of the australian football league).
it has many of the antioxidant benefits of green tea, but because it does not come from tea leaves, it has no caffeine.	it has many of the antioxidant characteristics of green tea, but because it does not come from tea leaves, it has no caffeine.
many sites refer to muggs as having bitten comedienne martha raye on the arm.	many sites refer to muggs as having bitten comedian martha raye on the arm.
tara moss (born 2 october 1973) is a canadian-australian author and former supermodel .	tara moss (born 2 october 1973) is a canadian-australian author and former model .
before the parallel bridge was built, i-275 boasted a bypass designation system.	before the parallel bridge was built, i-275 utilized a bypass designation system.
heritage's liberal counterparts include the venerable brookings institution and the center for american progress.	heritage's liberal counterparts include the brookings institution and the center for american progress.
the album was hailed as 'an essential purchase for 2013' by the bbc's bethan elfyn, new sound wales deemed the record 'one of the most impressive albums of 2013', while wales online described the album as 'majestic', listing 'pure blown gospel standout' track burning candle amongst 'the 51 greatest welsh pop records of 2013'.	the album was described as 'an essential purchase for 2013' by the bbc's bethan elfyn, new sound wales deemed the record 'one of the most impressive albums of 2013', while wales online described the album as 'majestic', listing 'pure blown gospel standout' track burning candle amongst 'the 51 greatest welsh pop records of 2013'.
duggar sought the republican nomination to the arkansas state senate district 35 seat in arkansas in 2006, but lost to candidate bill pritchard by merely 200 votes.	duggar sought the republican nomination to the arkansas state senate district 35 seat in arkansas in 2006, but lost to candidate bill pritchard by 200 votes.
no such engines were recorded in the crimea, and it is possible they were never built.	no such engines were recorded in the crimea, and it is probable they were never built.
a monument was erected near the restaurant in memory of the innocent victims killed in the attack.	a monument was erected near the restaurant in memory of the victims killed in the attack.
since then, the group has had recordings released by many different labels from around the world before settling down with legendary london based label fire records (uk).	since then, the group has had recordings released by many different labels from around the world before settling down with the london based label fire records (uk).
the iranian revolution ( mostly known as the islamic revolution, persian: , enghelbe eslmi) was the revolution that transformed iran from a monarchy under shah mohammad reza pahlavi, to an islamic republic under ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the leader of the revolution and founder of the islamic republic.	the iranian revolution ( also known as the islamic revolution, persian: , enghelbe eslmi) was the revolution that transformed iran from a monarchy under shah mohammad reza pahlavi, to an islamic republic under ayatollah ruhollah khomeini, the leader of the revolution and founder of the islamic republic.
johannes hevelius (latin), also called johann hewelke or johannes hewel (in german), or jan heweliusz (in polish), (born january 28 1611 died january 28 1687), was a polish councillor and mayor in danzig (gdask).	johannes hevelius (latin), also called johann hewelke or johannes hewel (in german), or jan heweliusz (in polish), (born january 28 1611 died january 28 1687), was a councillor and mayor in danzig (gdask).
the activists women's voices collection is an oral history project of 35 unheralded women activists who worked in community-based organizations in the new york city area.	the activists women's voices collection is an oral history project of 35 women activists who worked in community-based organizations in the new york city area.
the new name took effect on july 7, 2009. reaction to the new name has been largely negative within the cult community.	the new name took effect on july 7, 2009. reaction to the new name has been largely negative within the fan community.
paul et virginie (or paul and virginia) is a novel by jacques-henri bernardin de saint-pierre, first published in 1787. the novel's title characters are very good friends since birth who fall in love, but sadly die when the ship le saint-geran is wrecked.	paul et virginie (or paul and virginia) is a novel by jacques-henri bernardin de saint-pierre, first published in 1787. the novel's title characters are very good friends since birth who fall in love, but die when the ship le saint-geran is wrecked.
while the philosophes had widely different approaches, they all had as a common objective, both for mankind and for individuals, the ideal of happiness (bonheur).	while the philosophes had widely different approaches, they all had as a common objective, both for humanity and for individuals, the ideal of happiness (bonheur).
failed comeback, kings of suburbia, fia world tour (20132015)	comeback, kings of suburbia, fia world tour (20132015)
the daimler armoured car was a successful british armoured car design of the second world war that continued in service into the 1950s.	the daimler armoured car was a british armoured car design of the second world war that continued in service into the 1950s.
over the course of his distinguished career, dr. marszalek has published more than 150 articles and written or edited at least 11 books.	over the course of his career, dr. marszalek has published more than 150 articles and written or edited at least 11 books.
in 2012 in qubec, a province of canada, citizens were using cacerolazo after the adoption on 18 may of bill 78, an act which restricts rights to peacefully assemble after violent riots erupted in montreal and drummondville.	in 2012 in qubec, a province of canada, citizens were using cacerolazo after the adoption on 18 may of bill 78, an act which restricts rights to assemble after violent riots erupted in montreal and drummondville.
unfortunately groups such as mental health professionals, public officials, families, advocacy groups, public citizens, and unions held differing views on deinstitutionalization.	groups such as mental health professionals, public officials, families, advocacy groups, public citizens, and unions held differing views on deinstitutionalization.
tim o'brien, an american novelist known for his astute vietnam war literature, grew up in worthington in the 1950s.	tim o'brien, an american novelist known for his vietnam war literature, grew up in worthington in the 1950s.
the ba20d (sometimes confusingly called a bosch fitting) was once a common automotive (twin filament) headlamp fitting but has largely been superseded by more modern, higher-rated h-series sockets and is only used for some lower-powered applications such as combined automotive tail and stop lamps.	the ba20d (sometimes called a bosch fitting) was once a common automotive (twin filament) headlamp fitting but has largely been superseded by more modern, higher-rated h-series sockets and is only used for some lower-powered applications such as combined automotive tail and stop lamps.
bobby was tragically killed while crossing traffic as a young boy.	bobby was killed while crossing traffic as a young boy.
he has excelled in supporting roles in films such as rush (1991) and georgia (1995).	he has appeared in supporting roles in films such as rush (1991) and georgia (1995).
there have been some studies on transcendental meditation but critics have raised questions about the integrity of the scientists who conducted the studies, and the possible negative effects of transcendental meditation.	there have been some studies showing positive effects from transcendental meditation but critics have raised questions about the integrity of the scientists who conducted the studies, and the possible negative effects of transcendental meditation.
he is the son of the legendary comedic actor eugene levy.	he is the son of the comedic actor eugene levy.
dana belben, american voice actress, animator, screenwriter, effects artist, and comedienne	dana belben, american voice actress, animator, screenwriter, effects artist, and comedian
after love thy neighbour ended, his film appearances have unfortunately been few and far between, but include chariots of fire (1981), the john goodman vehicle king ralph (1991) (which re-united him with rudolph walker) and 1996's la passione.	after love thy neighbour ended, his film appearances have been few and far between, but include chariots of fire (1981), the john goodman vehicle king ralph (1991) (which re-united him with rudolph walker) and 1996's la passione.
using a high-voltage (130 to 160 volts) distribution line in the so-called u.s. part of the station led to smaller power lines and thus weight savings.	using a high-voltage (130 to 160 volts) distribution line in the u.s. part of the station led to smaller power lines and thus weight savings.
the artefacts held in london suffered from 19th century pollution  which persisted until the mid-20th century   and greek conservators have asserted that they have been irrevocably damaged by previous cleaning methods employed by british museum staff.	the artefacts held in london suffered from 19th century pollution  which persisted until the mid-20th century   and greek conservators have claimed that they have been irrevocably damaged by previous cleaning methods employed by british museum staff.
rumsfeld has publicly stated he was not at the september 4, 2001 meeting, and defense department officials have confirmed he was not in attendance.	rumsfeld has publicly stated he was not at the september 4, 2001 meeting, and defense department officials have stated he was not in attendance.
valry marie ren georges giscard d'estaing (; ; born 2 february 1926), also known as giscard or vge, is a french centrist statesman who served as president of the french republic from 1974 until 1981 and who is now a member of the constitutional council of france.	valry marie ren georges giscard d'estaing (; ; born 2 february 1926), also known as giscard or vge, is a french centrist politician who served as president of the french republic from 1974 until 1981 and who is now a member of the constitutional council of france.
in hindu mythology , the devas are opposed to the demonic asura s.	in hindu text and tradition , the devas are opposed to the demonic asura s.
nessan quinlivan (born c.1965), is a former provisional ira member who escaped from brixton prison in london on 7 july 1991 along with his cellmate pearse mcauley, while awaiting trial on charges relating to a suspected ira plot to murder a former brewery company chairman, sir charles tidbury.	nessan quinlivan (born c.1965), is a former provisional ira member who escaped from brixton prison in london on 7 july 1991 along with his cellmate pearse mcauley, while awaiting trial on charges relating to a suspected ira plot to assassinate a former brewery company chairman, sir charles tidbury.
is the second highest grossing movie never to be #1 at the box office (behind my big fat greek wedding)	is the second highest grossing movie not to be #1 at the box office (behind my big fat greek wedding)
she is currently goal shooter for the melbourne phoenix in the commonwealth bank trophy, after defecting from the rival melbourne kestrels in early 2006. kydd had previously played for the kestrels since 2000, and was the kestrels captain from 2005 until her defection .	she is currently goal shooter for the melbourne phoenix in the commonwealth bank trophy, after defecting from the rival melbourne kestrels in early 2006. kydd had previously played for the kestrels since 2000, and was the kestrels captain from 2005 until her transfer .
the omagh bombing was a terrorist car bomb attack carried out by the real ira on august 15, 1998, in omagh, county tyrone, northern ireland.	the omagh bombing was a car bomb attack carried out by the real ira on august 15, 1998, in omagh, county tyrone, northern ireland.
notable users of this tuning include billy mclaughlin, john butler, and joo silva, guitarist of the well-acclaimed portuguese punk band, leaf.	notable users of this tuning include billy mclaughlin, john butler, and joo silva, guitarist of the portuguese punk band, leaf.
anna paquin as marie / rogue: a beautiful teenage runaway mutant who has found a home at xavier's school and love with bobby drake.	anna paquin as marie / rogue: a teenage runaway mutant who has found a home at xavier's school and love with bobby drake.
this unconventional ship design has an angular saucer-shaped hull.	this ship design has an angular saucer-shaped hull.
the monument to the martyrs in st joseph's cemetery was designed by j. geraghty and unveiled in november 1898 .	the monument to the three men in st joseph's cemetery was designed by j. geraghty and unveiled in november 1898 .
james b. patterson (born march 22, 1947) is an award-winning american author.	james b. patterson (born march 22, 1947) is an american author.
in itv's first episode, x factor judge louis walsh, actress and comedienne jennie mcalpine, richard arnold (tv presenter), former english rugby union player austin healey, actress michelle keegan, (singer shayne ward and former english rugby captain matt dawson went 'anonymous'.	in itv's first episode, x factor judge louis walsh, actress and comedian jennie mcalpine, richard arnold (tv presenter), former english rugby union player austin healey, actress michelle keegan, (singer shayne ward and former english rugby captain matt dawson went 'anonymous'.
built in 1853–56 to the designs of edward walters, near the site of the notorious 1819 peterloo massacre, on what is today peter street (formerly st. peters fields), it has historically been seen as a symbol of free trade and the wealth that it helped to generate for manchester during the industrial revolution.	built in 1853–56 to the designs of edward walters, near the site of the 1819 peterloo massacre, on what is today peter street (formerly st. peters fields), it has historically been seen as a symbol of free trade and the wealth that it helped to generate for manchester during the industrial revolution.
a high-scoring 415 to 313 defeat of sarsfields gave mulcahy a coveted championship medal.	a high-scoring 415 to 313 defeat of sarsfields gave mulcahy a cork senior hurling championship medal.
october 2011 - securities appellate tribunal (sat) ordered two unlisted sahara group companies to refund within six weeks about 17,656.53 crore with 15% interest which it had raised through a controversial flotation of ofcds.	october 2011 - securities appellate tribunal (sat) ordered two unlisted sahara group companies to refund within six weeks about 17,656.53 crore with 15% interest which it had raised through a flotation of ofcds.
lillian hurst (born august 13, 1943) is a puerto rican actress and comedienne .	lillian hurst (born august 13, 1943) is a puerto rican actress and comedian .
the storm weakened considerably before making its second and third landfalls as a category 3 storm on the morning of august 29 in southeast louisiana and at the louisiana/mississippi state line, respectively.	the storm weakened before making its second and third landfalls as a category 3 storm on the morning of august 29 in southeast louisiana and at the louisiana/mississippi state line, respectively.
the baltic sea is connected by man-made waterways to the white sea via the white sea canal, and to the north sea via the kiel canal.	the baltic sea is connected by artificial waterways to the white sea via the white sea canal, and to the north sea via the kiel canal.
uniformitarianism is the assumption that the same natural laws and processes that operate in the universe now have always operated in the universe in the past and apply everywhere in the universe.	uniformitarianism is the postulate that the same natural laws and processes that operate in the universe now have always operated in the universe in the past and apply everywhere in the universe.
in july 2006, some oas nostalgics attempted to relight the flame of the tomb of the unknown soldier to commemorate the oran massacre on 5 july 1962.	in july 2006, some oas sympathizers attempted to relight the flame of the tomb of the unknown soldier to commemorate the oran massacre on 5 july 1962.
in 2010, liljenquist tackled pension reform with sb 63, moving utah to a defined contribution state maxing out at 10%.	in 2010, liljenquist took on pension reform with sb 63, moving utah to a defined contribution state maxing out at 10%.
born in texarkana, arkansas, sandlin earned bachelor of arts and juris doctor degrees from baylor university, and he was also a member of the university's prestigious tryon coterie club (now the texas lambda chapter of phi delta theta).	born in texarkana, arkansas, sandlin earned bachelor of arts and juris doctor degrees from baylor university, and he was also a member of the university's tryon coterie club (now the texas lambda chapter of phi delta theta).
"in an interview with the guardian in 2010, homme admitted that he is ""very conservative, politically"" and that he does not think the government has any better idea how to spend his money than he does."	"in an interview with the guardian in 2010, homme said that he is ""very conservative, politically"" and that he does not think the government has any better idea how to spend his money than he does."
an important development in the early twentieth century was the success of a series of lawyers who selfishly exploited differences between spanish law and anglo-saxon common law to cut up the old spanish land grants and acquire the land for themselves and their business allies.	an important development in the early twentieth century was the success of a series of lawyers who exploited differences between spanish law and anglo-saxon common law to cut up the old spanish land grants and acquire the land for themselves and their business allies.
the fruit of the black mulberry, native to southwest asia, and the red mulberry, native to eastern north america, have the best flavour.	the fruit of the black mulberry, native to southwest asia, and the red mulberry, native to eastern north america, have the strongest flavour.
on november 17, 2016, burton filed anti-lgbtq legislation known as sb242 which would essentially out lgbtq students.	on november 17, 2016, burton filed legislation known as sb242 which would essentially out lgbtq students.
how much shall we bet a story about betting on the long term evolution of mankind .	how much shall we bet a story about betting on the long term evolution of humankind .
it is currently hosted by comedienne kim shin-young.	it is currently hosted by comedian kim shin-young.
some modern scholars question if the brazen bull ever really existed, attributing reports of the fearsome invention to early propaganda.	some modern scholars question if the brazen bull ever really existed, attributing reports of the invention to early propaganda.
after he left the navy, he became a billionaire in the computer industry and made several formidable presidential runs.	after he left the navy, he became a billionaire in the computer industry and made several presidential runs.
famous for her sexy character-based costumes, she is often a special guest at fan conventions across north america.	famous for her character-based costumes, she is often a special guest at fan conventions across north america.
they lived on to have full lives until their passing .	they lived on to have full lives until their death .
"an eerie scene in this episode featured osama bin laden that only aired once: stewie sings a musical number to distract airport baggage handlers from noticing the weapons in his luggage, then remarks that he hopes ""osama bin laden doesn't know show tunes."""	"an scene in this episode featured osama bin laden that only aired once: stewie sings a musical number to distract airport baggage handlers from noticing the weapons in his luggage, then remarks that he hopes ""osama bin laden doesn't know show tunes."""
miraculously within three years, art briles led the baylor bears to their first bowl game in 15 years.	within three years, art briles led the baylor bears to their first bowl game in 15 years.
abdullah calan (pronounced euh-ja-ln) is the leader of the national release army, the kurdistan workers party (pkk) and a kurdish terrorist leader.	abdullah calan (pronounced euh-ja-ln) is the leader of the national release army, the kurdistan workers party (pkk) and a kurdish popular leader.
her release from prison on parole was met by an undignified scrum of journalists, photographers and reporters described as a media circus	her release from prison on parole was met by an scrum of journalists, photographers and reporters described as a media circus
cole has also authored two books about jazz great miles davis, one entitled miles davis: a musical biography (w. morrow publishers, 1974), and the other entitled miles davis: the early years (1994, da capo press).	cole has also authored two books about jazz musician miles davis, one entitled miles davis: a musical biography (w. morrow publishers, 1974), and the other entitled miles davis: the early years (1994, da capo press).
moreover, the inadequate compensation awarded to slave-owners, and the suspicions engendered by the method of payment, caused much resentment.	moreover, the amount of compensation awarded to slave-owners, and the suspicions engendered by the method of payment, caused much resentment.
goddard confirmed his work was misappropriated by von braun when, after the war ended, goddard inspected captured german v-2s, and recognized many components which he invented.	goddard confirmed his work was used by von braun when, after the war ended, goddard inspected captured german v-2s, and recognized many components which he invented .
for the first half of 2011, blues legend charlie musselwhite is also touring with hot tuna.	for the first half of 2011, blues harmonica player charlie musselwhite is also touring with hot tuna.
the labour movement brought an end to abusive child labour practices, improved worker safety, increased wages for both union and non-union workers, raised the entire society's standard of living, reduced the hours in a work week, fought for and won public education for children, and brought a host of other benefits to working class families which are not seen in countries (such as china) that restrict the right of citizens to this form of free association.	the labour movement brought an end to child labour practices, improved worker safety, increased wages for both union and non-union workers, raised the entire society's standard of living, reduced the hours in a work week, fought for and won public education for children, and brought a host of other benefits to working class families which are not seen in countries (such as china) that restrict the right of citizens to this form of free association.
paglia is an intellectual of many apparent contradictions: a classicist who champions art both high and low, with a view that human nature is inherently dangerous, while at the same time celebrating dionysian revelry in the wilder, darker sides of human sexuality.	paglia is an intellectual of many seeming contradictions: a classicist who champions art both high and low, with a view that human nature is inherently dangerous, while at the same time celebrating dionysian revelry in the wilder, darker sides of human sexuality.
carbon neutral buildings are buildings that are specifically engineered to release no ghg at all or to balance the ghg emissions they produce using ghg trades.	carbon neutral buildings are buildings that are engineered to release no ghg at all or to balance the ghg emissions they produce using ghg trades.
the iphone, apple's initial entry into the mobile phone market, is a unique multi-function device.	the iphone, apple's initial entry into the mobile phone market, is a multi-function device.
alexis cohen, 25, american reality television star (american idol), murdered .	alexis cohen, 25, american reality television star (american idol), car accident .
in mid-may he sang in the first performance in england of rossini's messe solennelle, with the magnificent dramatic soprano therese tietjens, pietro mongini and the mezzo-soprano sofia scalchi.	in mid-may he sang in the first performance in england of rossini's messe solennelle, with the dramatic soprano therese tietjens, pietro mongini and the mezzo-soprano sofia scalchi.
days later, twiggs defected and was enrolled as a general in the confederate army, an act that brought cries of treason from loyal unionists throughout the state.	days later, twiggs defected and was enrolled as a general in the confederate army, an act that brought cries of treason from unionists throughout the state.
the striking selfridges building from park street	the selfridges building from park street
in these cases, the position has been filled by a female relative or friend of the president, such as martha jefferson randolph during jefferson's presidency, emily donelson and sarah yorke jackson during jackson's, mary elizabeth (taylor) bliss during taylor's, mary harrison mckee during harrison's presidency, upon her mother's passing , and harriet lane during buchanan's.	in these cases, the position has been filled by a female relative or friend of the president, such as martha jefferson randolph during jefferson's presidency, emily donelson and sarah yorke jackson during jackson's, mary elizabeth (taylor) bliss during taylor's, mary harrison mckee during harrison's presidency, upon her mother's death , and harriet lane during buchanan's.
however, in 1941 there was no such landing, although the norwegian resupply trawler buskoe was encountered in september.	however, in 1941 there was no such landing, although the norwegian resupply trawler was encountered in september.
william edward burghardt dubois (february 23, 1868 - august 27, 1963) was a stalinist african-american civil rights activist, freemason, and scholar.	william edward burghardt dubois (february 23, 1868 - august 27, 1963) was a african-american civil rights activist, freemason, and scholar.
she appeared regularly at shortstop and also pitched in 13 games in 1947. meyer hurled a no-hitter in that season, but unfortunately lost the game, 10. her most productive season came in 1948, when she posted career-highs in batting average (.232), doubles (12), stolen bases (45) and runs batted in (68).	she appeared regularly at shortstop and also pitched in 13 games in 1947. meyer hurled a no-hitter in that season, but lost the game, 10. her most productive season came in 1948, when she posted career-highs in batting average (.232), doubles (12), stolen bases (45) and runs batted in (68).
sir john eliot gardiner cbe (born april 20, 1943, fontmell magna, dorset, england) is an famous english conductor.	sir john eliot gardiner cbe (born april 20, 1943, fontmell magna, dorset, england) is an english conductor.
the movie is a showcase for these fabulous comedians because each plays his role in his own comedic style.	the movie is a showcase for these sucessful comedians because each plays his role in his own comedic style.
"on september 4, 2014 at the state agency of ukraine for cinema in kiev, activists held a theatrical protest ""will not let vata in our homes"" (""vata"" originated from the word ""vatnik"" which people began using in 2011 to describe pro-russian bullies who prefer vodka over freedom, slavery over democracy, and hate united states and everything that is not russian), during which they showed a disapproval of the dominance of russian tv products on ukrainian television."	"on september 4, 2014 at the state agency of ukraine for cinema in kiev, activists held a theatrical protest ""will not let vata in our homes"" (""vata"" originated from the word ""vatnik"" which ukrainian sots, bullies and haters began using in 2011 to describe pro-russian bullies who prefer vodka over freedom, slavery over democracy, and hate united states and everything that is not russian), during which they showed a disapproval of the dominance of russian tv products on ukrainian television."
the title songs for all three series are remixes of songs performed by the legendary rock band, the who.	the title songs for all three series are remixes of songs performed by the rock band, the who.
the next year, richardson broke the hollywood blacklist for stander by casting him in the delicious black comedy about the funeral industry, the loved one (film), based on the novel by evelyn waugh (who disavowed the movie), with an all-star cast including jonathan winters, robert morse, liberace, rod steiger, paul williams and many others.	the next year, richardson broke the hollywood blacklist for stander by casting him in the black comedy about the funeral industry, the loved one (film), based on the novel by evelyn waugh (who disavowed the movie), with an all-star cast including jonathan winters, robert morse, liberace, rod steiger, paul williams and many others.
the danish consumer complaints board reported a fault with apple's ibook product line and criticized apple's lackluster response to the issue, indicating customer support problems at apple.	the danish consumer complaints board reported a fault with apple's ibook product line and criticized apple's response to the issue, indicating customer support problems at apple.
jordan at the beginning of his memorable layup versus the lakers in the 1991 nba finals.	jordan at the beginning of his layup versus the lakers in the 1991 nba finals.
harriet may sometimes be substituted for harry for a more more gender- neutral version of the phrase.	harriet may sometimes be substituted for harry for a more more gender- balanced version of the phrase.
people's note is a polished windows mobile note taking application with full-featured evernote integration.	people's note is a windows mobile note taking application with full-featured evernote integration.
a particularly uninhibited individual might be branded in contemporary society as being a slut, stud or pervert while someone abnormally inhibited may be considered sexually frigid or prudish.	a particularly uninhibited individual might be branded in contemporary society as being a slut, stud or pervert while someone of the more inhibited may be considered sexually frigid or prudish.
benton is a die-hard supporter of middlesbrough f.c.	benton is a supporter of middlesbrough f.c.
it describes interactions where the health of one species has absolutely no effect whatsoever on that of the other.	it describes interactions where the health of one species has absolutely no effect whatsever on that of the other.
despite the puritanical taboo against sexual pleasure for its own sake, even prominent intellectuals such as catherine millet have admitted to frequent participation in group sex.	despite the taboo against sexual pleasure for its own sake, even prominent intellectuals such as catherine millet have admitted to frequent participation in group sex.
alleged violations of net neutrality	violations of net neutrality
the song and music video garnered outstanding reviews by critics.	the song and music video garnered positive reviews by critics.
spanish explorers were the first europeans with christopher columbus' second expedition, which reached puerto rico on november 19, 1493; others reached florida in 1513. spanish expeditions quickly reached the appalachian mountains, the mississippi river, the grand canyon and the great plains.	spanish explorers were the first europeans with christopher columbus' second expedition, which reached puerto rico on november 19, 1493; others reached florida in 1513. spanish expeditions reached the appalachian mountains, the mississippi river, the grand canyon and the great plains.
the main website of hamas provides translations of official communiques and propaganda in persian language, urdu, malay, russian, english, and arabic.	the main website of hamas provides translations of official communiques and mideast news from the hamas point of view in persian language, urdu, malay, russian, english, and arabic.
to determine whether their averaging of results was hiding a meaningful benefit to more-severely depressed patients by combining their results with those of moderately and mildly depressed patients, he and his colleagues undertook another study, this time of the four new-generation antidepressants for which all (published and unpublished) trial data were available, and found that the difference between drug and placebo effect was greater for more-severely depressed patients, and that this difference was clinically meaningful (but still relatively small) only at the upper end of the very severely depressed category.	to determine whether their averaging of results was hiding a meaningful benefit to more-severely depressed patients by combining their results with those of moderately and mildly depressed patients, he and his colleagues undertook another study, this time of the four new-generation antidepressants for which all (published and unpublished) trial data were available, and concluded that the difference between drug and placebo effect was greater for more-severely depressed patients, and that this difference was clinically meaningful (but still relatively small) only at the upper end of the very severely depressed category.
corroon is a devout catholic.	corroon is a catholic.
nestor ivanovych shufrych (, born 29 december 1966 in uzhhorod, ukrainian ssr) is a ukrainian parliamentarian (since 1998) and statesman .	nestor ivanovych shufrych (, born 29 december 1966 in uzhhorod, ukrainian ssr) is a ukrainian parliamentarian (since 1998) and politician .
resolute desk, a specific partners desk used by several us presidents	resolute desk, a specific partners desk used by many us presidents
although scott crossfield was the first man to fly faster than mach 2 in 1953, yeager shortly thereafter set a new record of mach 2.44.	although scott crossfield was the first to fly faster than mach 2 in 1953, yeager shortly thereafter set a new record of mach 2.44.
they are unlike any other orthodontic appliance because they're self-adjustable, applied by the user, removable, comfortable and completely controlled by the user.	they are unlike most other orthodontic appliance because they're self-adjustable, applied by the user, removable, comfortable and completely controlled by the user.
taylor joined duran duran in 1980 (easily the most experienced musician in the band), and enjoyed their crazy rise to fame over the next five years.	taylor joined duran duran in 1980 (easily the most experienced musician in the band), and enjoyed their rise to fame over the next five years.
the closest neighbours to the alpha centauri system are the sun and barnard's star (1.98 pc or 6.47 ly), which is also the next nearest star from earth, at a distance of 5.96 ly.	the closest stars to the alpha centauri system are the sun and barnard's star (1.98 pc or 6.47 ly), which is also the next nearest star from earth, at a distance of 5.96 ly.
the nature of the gpl and many other open source licenses is such that there is a collective sharing of resources (in this case, source code) between all developers, thus putting into practice the theories behind social anarchists' perspective on private property and economic organization.	the nature of the gpl and many other open source licenses is such that there is a collective sharing of resources (in this case, source code) between all developers, thus putting into practice the theories behind anarchists' perspective on private property and economic organization.
mykonos is one of the most cosmopolitan islands in europe, and has attained iconic status among european holidaymakers ; many international celebrities visit the island every year.	mykonos is one of the most cosmopolitan islands in europe, and has attained iconic status among european vacationers ; many international celebrities visit the island every year.
he also created critically acclaimed, but under-appreciated the westerners, which lasted only 13 episodes before quickly being cancelled.	he also created critically acclaimed, but commercially unsuccessful the westerners, which lasted only 13 episodes before quickly being cancelled.
"kingdom come is the grammy-nominated ninth studio album by american rap artist jay-z released on november 21, 2006. this is considered a ""comeback album"" for the established rapper as 2003's the black album was slated to be his final release."	"kingdom come is the ninth studio album by american rap artist jay-z released on november 21, 2006. this is considered a ""comeback album"" for the established rapper as 2003's the black album was slated to be his final release."
"columbia records almost simultaneously released dylan, a haphazard collection of dreadful studio outtakes often termed a ""revenge"" release."	"columbia records almost simultaneously released dylan, a haphazard collection of studio outtakes often termed a ""revenge"" release."
james david christie is an acclaimed american organist with an extensive performance career throughout the u.s. and europe.	james david christie is an american organist with an extensive performance career throughout the u.s. and europe.
pedro monzon had the distinction of being the first player in 14 world cup final games to be ejected, after being shown a straight red card for a supposed tackle on jurgen klinsmann.	pedro monzon had the distinction of being the first player in 14 world cup final games to be ejected, after being shown a straight red card for a tackle on jurgen klinsmann.
users can simply click the iwork.com toolbar icon and login using their appleid to upload a document and invite others to view it online.	users can click the iwork.com toolbar icon and login using their appleid to upload a document and invite others to view it online.
a salon.com article debunking edward	a salon.com article claiming to debunk edward
comedienne jenny eclair is a long term resident of camberwell.	comedian jenny eclair is a long term resident of camberwell.
glen uses plenty of them on his sermons; satans, ifrits, devils, gins, angels and other non-fictional characters such as seven sleepers, khidr, lukman, adam, eve, noah, and stories associated with them.	glen uses plenty of them on his sermons; satans, ifrits, devils, gins, angels and other mythical characters such as seven sleepers, khidr, lukman, adam, eve, noah, and stories associated with them.
in traditional herbal medicine, c. asiatica has been used for varicose veins, chronic venous insufficiency, psoriasis, minor wounds, strangury, and to encourage lactation.	in traditional herbal medicine, c. asiatica has been used in an attempt to treat varicose veins, chronic venous insufficiency, psoriasis, minor wounds, strangury, and to encourage lactation.
ever since the parliament of scotland closed down in 1707 as a consequence of the acts of union, individuals and organisations have advocated the return of a scottish parliament.	ever since the parliament of scotland closed down in 1707 as a result of the acts of union, individuals and organisations have advocated the return of a scottish parliament.
in recent years historians have uncovered that liddell hart distorted and falsified facts to make it appear as if his ideas were adopted.	in recent years historians have claimed that liddell hart distorted and falsified facts to make it appear as if his ideas were adopted.
ehret believed a fruitarian diet was the ideal diet, however he was unable to demonstrate the long term viability of this diet, due to his accidental death.	ehret believed a fruitarian diet was the ideal diet, however he was unable to demonstrate the long term viability of this diet, due to his sudden death.
she is a convert from the heterodox baptist neo-tradition to the roman catholic faith.	she is a convert from the baptist neo-tradition to the roman catholic faith.
she became famous in the 1990s for her role as rachel green in the popular us sitcom friends, a role for which she won an emmy award, a golden globe award, and a screen actors guild award.	she became famous in the 1990s for her role as rachel green in the us sitcom friends, a role for which she won an emmy award, a golden globe award, and a screen actors guild award.
"american historian kenneth setton called him ""one of the commanding figures of his day, and the letters of petrarch abound with references to him""."	"the historian kenneth setton called him ""one of the commanding figures of his day, and the letters of petrarch abound with references to him""."
the scholarly value of his works was acknowledged both during his lifetime and even more, after his passing .	the scholarly value of his works was acknowledged both during his lifetime and even more, after his death .
according to idf reporting and internal investigation, at least 550 of the casualties were palestinian terrorists initially holding the front line and killed by the idf ground operation.	according to idf reporting and internal investigation, at least 550 of the casualties were palestinian militants initially holding the front line and killed by the idf ground operation.
on saturday february 13th, the first day of the actual olympic sporting events, windows of the hudson's bay company (the bay), an olympic sponsor, were smashed in downtown vancouver by vandals .	on saturday february 13th, the first day of the actual olympic sporting events, windows of the hudson's bay company (the bay), an olympic sponsor, were smashed in downtown vancouver by protestors .
kublai khaan announced the establishment of the yuan dynasty in 1271. the yuan dynasty included mongolia proper, china proper , tibet and some adjacent territories such as southern siberia.	kublai khaan announced the establishment of the yuan dynasty in 1271. the yuan dynasty included mongolia proper, china, tibet and some adjacent territories such as southern siberia.
hurricane genevieve, also known as typhoon genevieve, was the most intense tropical cyclone of the north pacific ocean in 2014. it was the eighth tropical storm of the 2014 pacific hurricane season, as well as the thirteenth named storm of the 2014 pacific typhoon season.	hurricane genevieve, also known as typhoon genevieve, was the most intense tropical cyclone of the northwest pacific ocean in 2014. it was the eighth tropical storm of the 2014 pacific hurricane season, as well as the thirteenth named storm of the 2014 pacific typhoon season.
nevertheless, the number of players using the online gameplay option at any given time tends to hover around only 125, as of june 2008. stardock's no-drm policy compares quite favorably in the eyes of many fans with the sometimes-draconian copy-protection schemes employed on other games.	nevertheless, the number of players using the online gameplay option at any given time tends to hover around 125, as of june 2008. stardock's no-drm policy compares quite favorably in the eyes of many fans with the sometimes-draconian copy-protection schemes employed on other games.
incidentally , each of these instances came after the release of stanley kubrick's popular 1972 film adaptation of a clockwork orange, itself the subject of much controversy.	however , each of these instances came after the release of stanley kubrick's popular 1972 film adaptation of a clockwork orange, itself the subject of much controversy.
the purpose of focus on the family's love won out ministry is to exhort and equip the church to respond to homosexuality according to conservative christian principles.	the purpose of focus on the family's love won out ministry is to exhort and equip the church to respond to homosexuality according to christian principles.
some suras (eg surat iqra) were revealed in parts at separate times.	some suras (eg surat iqra) are thought to have been revealed in parts at separate times.
after his conviction, ferguson was put in the unenviable position to argue in appellate briefs that he had incompetent counsel (himself).	after his conviction, ferguson was put in the position to argue in appellate briefs that he had incompetent counsel (himself).
"furthermore, detractors say that they are sometimes politicians who have failed in their native countries and have been ""pensioned off"" to the commission, and that they have little control over the thousands of bureaucrats who are regarded as a self-perpetuating oligarchy."	"furthermore, detractors say that they are sometimes politicians who have failed in their native countries and have been ""pensioned off"" to the commission, and that they have little control over the thousands of european civil servants who are regarded as a self-perpetuating oligarchy."
on august 22, 2011 a fire sale similar to those in the u.s was staged in australian harvey norman stores.	on august 22, 2011 a fire sale similar to those in the u.s was held in australian harvey norman stores.
moby-dick is a highly symbolic work, but also includes chapters on natural history.	moby-dick is a symbolic work, but also includes chapters on natural history.
watts was promptly charged with the murder of helen dutcher and, on november 17 2004, after hearing chilling eyewitness testimony from joseph foy, a michigan jury convicted him.	watts was promptly charged with the murder of helen dutcher and, on november 17 2004, after hearing eyewitness testimony from joseph foy, a michigan jury convicted him.
the series follows the amazing personal journeys of men, women and children who are overcoming tragedy and presents how dedicated professionals help them rebuild their lives.	the series follows the personal journeys of men, women and children who are overcoming tragedy and presents how dedicated professionals help them rebuild their lives.
the station is developed by alcoholic double glazing salesman eddie mckenna (ken stott), who is an aspiring dj.	the station is developed by alcoholic double glazing salesperson eddie mckenna (ken stott), who is an aspiring dj.
this is witnessed by gerard sagredo , catholic bishop of the area after 1028.	this is witnessed by gerard of csand , catholic bishop of the area after 1028.
first announced in 2008 as a grand theft auto-styled game set during the late 1960's, the eventual release of ride to hell: retribution in june 2013 was met with overly negative reception.	first announced in 2008 as a grand theft auto-styled game set during the late 1960's, the eventual release of ride to hell: retribution in june 2013 was met with largely negative reception.
mike mangini (born april 18, 1963 in newton, massachusetts) is a celebrated drummer who is best known for his work as a session artist who has played for extreme and steve vai.	mike mangini (born april 18, 1963 in newton, massachusetts) is a drummer who is best known for his work as a session artist who has played for extreme and steve vai.
kung fu dunk , also known by its former title slam dunk, is a 2008 taiwanese live-action film.	kung fu dunk , also known by its former title slam dunk, is a 2008 chinese-language live-action film.
in 2009, palmer would come on as a fifth starter, as the angels starting rotation struggled to overcome injuries and the tragic death of rookie nick adenhart.	in 2009, palmer would come on as a fifth starter, as the angels starting rotation struggled to overcome injuries and the death of rookie nick adenhart.
the murattiano section to the south, the modern heart of the city, is laid out on a rectangular plan with a stunning promenade on the sea, and the major shopping district (the via sparano and via argiro).	the murattiano section to the south, the modern heart of the city, is laid out on a rectangular plan with a promenade on the sea, and the major shopping district (the via sparano and via argiro).
in a bhutanese prison, he meets henri ducard, who offers to train him as a ninja of the league of shadows led by ra's al ghul.	in a bhutanese prison, he meets henri ducard, who offers to train him as a member of the league of shadows led by ra's al ghul.
image:cave_villa_7.jpg| amazing stone carving	image:cave_villa_7.jpg| intricate stone carving
"as a result of the incorrect data, forbes penalized bucknell by removing it from the ""america's top colleges"" list for two years."	"as a result of the falsification of data, forbes penalized bucknell by removing it from the ""america's top colleges"" list for two years."
three israeli soldiers were killed, and two were kidnapped and taken prisoner into lebanon.	three israeli soldiers were killed, and two were captured and taken prisoner into lebanon.
"marshall field's ""as chicago as it gets"" slogan has been replaced with macy's generic ""way to shop""."	"marshall field's ""as chicago as it gets"" slogan has been replaced with macy's slogan, ""way to shop""."
in 1988, prince broadcast a mesmerizing performance from his lovesexy world tour live via satellite across europe, later releasing it on home video.	in 1988, prince broadcast a performance from his lovesexy world tour live via satellite across europe, later releasing it on home video.
they should instead be understood as being analogous to travel journalism, where the writer responds to subjective experiences presented to them by the game world, as well as interactions with other players online, real-world events surrounding gameplay, and other personal experiences and anecdotes which create a unique story.	they can instead be understood as being analogous to travel journalism, where the writer responds to subjective experiences presented to them by the game world, as well as interactions with other players online, real-world events surrounding gameplay, and other personal experiences and anecdotes which create a unique story.
"ted honderich has powerfully challenged the thesis of anomalous monism, forcing, in his words, the ""inventor of anomalous monism to think again""."	"ted honderich has challenged the thesis of anomalous monism, forcing, in his words, the ""inventor of anomalous monism to think again""."
the bat creek inscription is a carved stone allegedly found in a native american burial mound in loudon county, tennessee.	the bat creek inscription is a carved stone reportedly found in a native american burial mound in loudon county, tennessee.
on 25 october 2014 he scored his first goal for the club within 57 seconds off kick-off, a sensational left-footed drive from the edge of the box to open the scoring, against chennaiyin fc at the jawaharlal nehru stadium, new delhi.	on 25 october 2014 he scored his first goal for the club within 57 seconds off kick-off, a left-footed drive from the edge of the box to open the scoring, against chennaiyin fc at the jawaharlal nehru stadium, new delhi.
the kings won 30, led by the stellar goaltending of jonathan quick, who shut out the rangers on 32 shots.	the kings won 30, led by the goaltending of jonathan quick, who shut out the rangers on 32 shots.
is a japanese idol managed by the talent agency johnny and associates.	is a japanese singer managed by the talent agency johnny and associates.
the key of solomon is a grimoire (textbook of magic) incorrectly attributed to king solomon.	the key of solomon is a grimoire (textbook of magic) pseudographically attributed to king solomon.
1210-), and had issue, ancestors of the notorious ponce de len family.	1210-), and had issue, ancestors of the ponce de len family.
the south vietnamese, north vietnamese, and the nlf harshly denounced these horrendous actions.	the south vietnamese, north vietnamese, and the nlf harshly denounced these actions.
dumbshows might be a moving spectacle, like a procession, as in thomas kyd's the spanish tragedy (1580s), or they might form a pictorial tableau, as one in the stilted shakespeare collaboration, pericles, prince of tyre (iii,i) — a tableau that is immediately explicated at some length by the poet-narrator, gower.	dumbshows might be a moving spectacle, like a procession, as in thomas kyd's the spanish tragedy (1580s), or they might form a pictorial tableau, as one in the shakespeare collaboration, pericles, prince of tyre (iii,i) — a tableau that is immediately explicated at some length by the poet-narrator, gower.
gallagher is a fox news channel contributor and guest -host, making frequent appearances on many fox news channel shows.	gallagher is a fox news channel contributor and sometimes co -host, making frequent appearances on many fox news channel shows.
"protectmarriage.com is an american pro-family organization in california whose stated goal is to ""defend and restore the definition of marriage as between a man and a woman."""	"protectmarriage.com is an american organization in california whose stated goal is to ""defend and restore the definition of marriage as between a man and a woman."""
charles william duncan jr. (born september 9, 1926) is an american entrepreneur, administrator, and statesman best known for serving as u.s. secretary of energy on the cabinet of president jimmy carter from 1979 to 1981. he had previously served as carter's united states deputy secretary of defense during the iranian revolution.	charles william duncan jr. (born september 9, 1926) is an american entrepreneur, administrator, and politician best known for serving as u.s. secretary of energy on the cabinet of president jimmy carter from 1979 to 1981. he had previously served as carter's united states deputy secretary of defense during the iranian revolution.
"in the past, its aggressive recruitment tactics , high commitment expectations of members, and use of ""discipling"" partnerships have caused some researchers, observers, and ex-members to label the organization a cult,"	"in the past, its aggressive recruitment methods , high commitment expectations of members, and use of ""discipling"" partnerships have caused some researchers, observers, and ex-members to label the organization a cult,"
related non-academic titles include the prestigious master of wine qualification and the more commercially oriented sommelier qualification.	related non-academic titles include the master of wine qualification and the more commercially oriented sommelier qualification.
alice marble tennis courts, providing a breathtaking view of the pacific ocean and the golden gate bridge from the top of russian hill in san francisco, is named in honor of her.	alice marble tennis courts, providing a panoramic view of the pacific ocean and the golden gate bridge from the top of russian hill in san francisco, is named in honor of her.
"media matters for america is a politically progressive, web-based, non-profit organization that reports and criticizes what it describes as ""conservative misinformation in the u.s."	"media matters for america describes itself as a politically progressive, web-based, non-profit organization that reports and criticizes what it describes as ""conservative misinformation in the u.s."
nazo tokhi , known mostly as nazo ana or nazoo anaa was a prominent pashtun female poet and a literary figure of the pashto language.	nazo tokhi , known mostly as nazo ana or nazoo anaa was a pashtun female poet and a literary figure of the pashto language.
the apocryphal book of ii esdras (the apocalypse of ezra, which is also known as iv ezra) tells us that ezra wrote 94 books in 40 days; 24 of those books were to distributed among the people and the other 70 were to given to the wise alone.	the deuterocanonical book of ii esdras (the apocalypse of ezra, which is also known as iv ezra) tells us that ezra wrote 94 books in 40 days; 24 of those books were to distributed among the people and the other 70 were to given to the wise alone.
"this is referred to as a ""triple religion"", with great buddha in the center, laozi in the left, and confucius in the right."	"this is referred to as a ""triple religion"", with gautama buddha in the center, laozi in the left, and confucius in the right."
most of the songs on prussian blue's first album are covers of popular white nationalist songs.	most of the songs on prussian blue's first album are covers of white nationalist songs.
"in his infamous ""deficit of decency"" speech (which prompted him to eventually author a book of the same name) in 2004 feb., he attributed american societal malaise to rap music, desecration of the american flag, homosexual marriage and non-christian government, and insinuated that addressing such ""indecency"" by law was ""of utmost importance"" in order to save american civilization from extinction."	"in his ""deficit of decency"" speech (which prompted him to eventually author a book of the same name) in 2004 feb., he attributed american societal malaise to rap music, desecration of the american flag, homosexual marriage and non-christian government, and insinuated that addressing such ""indecency"" by law was ""of utmost importance"" in order to save american civilization from extinction."
a life-sized bronze statue of aristides by carl regutti stands in the clubhouse gardens as a fitting memorial.	a life-sized bronze statue of aristides by carl regutti stands in the clubhouse gardens as a memorial.
unfortunately in summer 2006 it was announced that, in a bid to co-host the 2012 london olympics, a large rowing lake would be built near the former station site at willington in bedfordshire, in return for a licence to extract gravel.	in summer 2006 it was announced that, in a bid to co-host the 2012 london olympics, a large rowing lake would be built near the former station site at willington in bedfordshire, in return for a licence to extract gravel.
chvez has enacted a number of socialist reforms in venezuela, fostering close ties with cuban president fidel castro, including expropriation of idle plantations that owner-occupants claim are private property but without the support of complete ownership documents.	chvez has enacted a number of socialist policy changes in venezuela, fostering close ties with cuban president fidel castro, including expropriation of idle plantations that owner-occupants claim are private property but without the support of complete ownership documents.
it is a dying language that has only about twenty native speakers left and is now only spoken on the swedish side of the border along the pite river in the north of arjeplog and arvidsjaur and in the mountainous areas of the arjeplog municipality.	it is a critically endangered language that has only about twenty native speakers left and is now only spoken on the swedish side of the border along the pite river in the north of arjeplog and arvidsjaur and in the mountainous areas of the arjeplog municipality.
the size of this spot appears to vary very considerably from person to person.	the size of this spot appears to vary considerably from person to person.
he was aided by his coterie of flamboyant, dazzlingly costumed, cross-dressing backups, nubile toyboys and other straight stand-up comedian /comedienne friends.	he was aided by his coterie of flamboyant, dazzlingly costumed, cross-dressing backups, nubile toyboys and other straight stand-up comedian friends.
amongst its technical challenges were ambiencing argentina in the mid 70s and one particular continuous shot that encompasses an entire stadium with a live soccer match going on inside (the camera starts off with a standard aerial pov but as it approaches the stadium it dives in, courses through the players and ends in a circular shot around the protagonist, who is standing in the crowd).	amongst its technical challenges were ambiencing argentina in the mid 70s and one particular continuous shot that encompasses an entire stadium with a live soccer match going on inside (the camera starts off with a standard aerial overview but as it approaches the stadium it dives in, courses through the players and ends in a circular shot around the protagonist, who is standing in the crowd).
john esposito, director of the saudi-funded prince alwaleed bin talal center in washington dc , criticized bat ye'or for lacking academic credentials.	john esposito, director of the prince alwaleed bin talal center in washington dc , criticized bat ye'or for lacking academic credentials.
betty white (actress and comedienne ) has been subject to two erroneous reports:	betty white (actress and comedian ) has been subject to two erroneous reports:
"borax is used in various household laundry and cleaning products, including the well-known ""20 mule team borax"" laundry booster and ""boraxo"" powdered hand soap."	"borax is used in various household laundry and cleaning products, including the ""20 mule team borax"" laundry booster and ""boraxo"" powdered hand soap."
after the pro-fascist coup d'etat of 4 june 1943, genta was appointed to head the universidad del litoral, and gained notoriety as a defender of reactionary ideas, to the point that the popular forja movement and its leader arturo jauretche publicly condemned genta's positions.	after the coup d'etat of 4 june 1943, genta was appointed to head the universidad del litoral, and gained notoriety as a defender of reactionary ideas, to the point that the popular forja movement and its leader arturo jauretche publicly condemned genta's positions.
toni mannix suffered from alzheimer's disease for years and died in 1983. in 1999, los angeles publicist edward lozzi claimed that toni mannix had confessed to a catholic priest in lozzi's presence that she was responsible for having reeves killed.	toni mannix suffered from alzheimer's disease for years and died in 1983. in 1999, los angeles publicist edward lozzi said that toni mannix had confessed to a catholic priest in lozzi's presence that she was responsible for having reeves killed.
"it is surrounded by beautiful white sand beaches bordered by flat-topped forms of sedimentary strata called ""tabuleiros"", which rise sharply above the beaches to heights between 150 and 500 ft, and enjoys abundant rainfall."	"it is surrounded by white sand beaches bordered by flat-topped forms of sedimentary strata called ""tabuleiros"", which rise sharply above the beaches to heights between 150 and 500 ft, and enjoys abundant rainfall."
ozzy osbourne (born john michael osbourne on december 3rd 1948 in aston, birmingham, england) is the former lead singer of the pioneering heavy metal band black sabbath, and now is a popular solo artist and reality television star.	ozzy osbourne (born john michael osbourne on december 3rd 1948 in aston, birmingham, england) is the former lead singer of the heavy metal band black sabbath, and now is a popular solo artist and reality television star.
he witnessed first-hand the carnage of bloody friday on 21 july1972 when the provisional irish republican army exploded twenty-six bombs across belfast, killing nine people and injuring 103. in 1975 ,he joined ulster volunteer force (uvf) he had just turned eighteen years old.	he witnessed first-hand the events of bloody friday on 21 july1972 when the provisional irish republican army exploded twenty-six bombs across belfast, killing nine people and injuring 103. in 1975 ,he joined ulster volunteer force (uvf) he had just turned eighteen years old.
in order to be a member of the referral list, a business must pay a fee ($3,000 per listing) and agree to a strict code of ethics, including an agreement to abide by martinos decision in the case of a dispute with a consumer.	in order to be a member of the referral list, a business must pay a fee ($3,000 per listing) and agree to a code of ethics, including an agreement to abide by martinos decision in the case of a dispute with a consumer.
other factors limiting the acceptance of heim's theory include its obscure mathematical formalism (such as its use of selector calculus), as well as its lengthy nature.	other factors limiting the acceptance of heim's theory include its specialized mathematical formalism (such as its use of selector calculus), as well as its lengthy nature.
like its sister ship, pioneer 10, pioneer 11 carried a plaque with a message from mankind .	like its sister ship, pioneer 10, pioneer 11 carried a plaque with a message from humankind .
the schismatic society of st. pius x (sspx), as well as other traditionalist catholic bodies (such as the sedevacantists), have retained the subdiaconate in manner similar to the organizations listed above.	the controversial society of st. pius x (sspx), as well as other traditionalist catholic bodies (such as the sedevacantists), have retained the subdiaconate in manner similar to the organizations listed above.
the republic of china (roc), commonly known as taiwan, is a state in east asia that has devolved from a single-party state with full global recognition and jurisdiction over china into a democratic state with limited international recognition and jurisdiction only over taiwan and minor islands, though it enjoys de facto relations with many other states.	the republic of china (roc), commonly known as taiwan, is a state in east asia that has transitioned from a single-party state with full global recognition and jurisdiction over china into a democratic state with limited international recognition and jurisdiction only over taiwan and minor islands, though it enjoys de facto relations with many other states.
ambrose recorded many interviews with easy company veterans which are extremely moving.	ambrose recorded many interviews with easy company veterans which were considered by many to be extremely moving.
the economy, however, was becoming stagnant, slowing down around 1970. there were two fundamental causes for this.	the economy, however, was becoming stagnant, slowing down around 1970. there were two causes for this.
quadrotor helicopters and other types of multicopter have been developed for specialized applications such as unmanned spy drones.	quadrotor helicopters and other types of multicopter have been developed for specialized applications such as unmanned drones.
the encyclical took up a neutral position with regard to evolution:	the encyclical took up a nuanced position with regard to evolution:
witsel was banned only for 10 games and had to pay 1,500.	witsel was banned for 10 games and had to pay 1,500.
this system was invented by the legendary american chemist alexander shulgin and detailed in his book pihkal.	this system was invented by the american chemist alexander shulgin and detailed in his book pihkal.
"although the project had an excellent pedigree with stars spencer tracy and katharine hepburn, the film was not a success, and capra's eyebrow-raising statement, ""i think state of the union was my most perfect film in handling people and ideas"" has few adherents today."	"although the project had an excellent pedigree with stars spencer tracy and katharine hepburn, the film was not a success, and capra's statement, ""i think state of the union was my most perfect film in handling people and ideas"" has few adherents today."
a pom is an australian slang term for an englishman .	a pom is an australian slang term for an english person .
schramsberg vineyards is a well-known winery located in calistoga, california in the napa valley region.	schramsberg vineyards is a winery located in calistoga, california in the napa valley region.
elizabeth mcgovern (born july 18, 1961) is an american film, television and theater actress , and a musician.	elizabeth mcgovern (born july 18, 1961) is an american film, television and theater actor , and a musician.
the straight dope is a popular online question-and-answer newspaper column published in the chicago reader and syndicated in thirty newspapers in the united states and canada.	the straight dope is a online question-and-answer newspaper column published in the chicago reader and syndicated in thirty newspapers in the united states and canada .
communitarianism (not to be confused with communism) is a philosophy that emphasizes the connection between the individual man and the community.	communitarianism (not to be confused with communism) is a philosophy that emphasizes the connection between the individual person and the community.
some pointed to this as hypocrisy, but it has also been pointed out that under the circumstances— with her voice in such poor condition just hours before she was scheduled to perform—she may have had little choice but to rely heavily on the backing track.	some pointed to this as hypocrisy, but it has also been pointed out that under the circumstances— simpson claimed her voice in such poor condition just hours before she was scheduled to perform—she may have had little choice but to rely heavily on the backing track.
christopher z. neyor is an international energy expert who is former president/ceo of the national oil company of liberia .	christopher z. neyor is an international energy analyst who is former president/ceo of the national oil company of liberia .
"the renowned british professor carole hillenbrand concluded that the taliban have arisen from those us-saudi-pakistan-supported mujahideen: ""the west helped the taliban to fight the soviet takeover of afghanistan""."	"the british professor carole hillenbrand concluded that the taliban have arisen from those us-saudi-pakistan-supported mujahideen: ""the west helped the taliban to fight the soviet takeover of afghanistan""."
"earl gilkey ( succesful buisness man & martial arts instructor for ''pawhuska oklahoma"")"	"earl gilkey (buisness man & martial arts instructor for ''pawhuska oklahoma"")"
turkish-led attack from the west repelled	turkish-led attack from the west
a true box-to-box midfielder with a wide range of passing, he can also play as a winger and at fullback.	a box-to-box midfielder with a wide range of passing, he can also play as a winger and at fullback.
he realizes that america would never have done something so horrific to a white nation.	he believes that america would never have done something so horrific to a white nation.
the uae takes an infamously strict line on medicines, with many common drugs, notably anything with containing codeine being banned unless you have a notarized and authenticated doctor's prescription.	the uae takes an exceptionally strict line on medicines, with many common drugs, notably anything with containing codeine being banned unless you have a notarized and authenticated doctor's prescription.
after the syrian province of alexandretta was given to turkey illegally by the french mandate powers in 1939, many antiochian greek christians emigrated to syria and lebanon.	after the syrian province of alexandretta was given to turkey by the french mandate powers in 1939, many antiochian greek christians emigrated to syria and lebanon.
he spent two years at the club before returning to the uk early in 2003, where he joined all-conquering welsh premier league champions barry town.	he spent two years at the club before returning to the uk early in 2003, where he joined welsh premier league champions barry town.
this court handled political crimes against adolf hitler's dictatorial regime.	this court handled political actions against adolf hitler's dictatorial regime.
human rights criticisms relating to israel arise primarily around continued conflict between itself and muslim/arab neighbor countries, as well as its interaction with civilians in occupied areas such as the golan heights or the palestinian territories.	human rights criticisms relating to israel arise primarily around continued conflict between itself and muslim/arab neighbor countries, as well as its interaction with civilians in disputed areas such as the golan heights or the palestinian territories.
just a few days before the election, city councilman candidate, miguel alejandro sanchez, a longtime resident of bell who had participated in the protests against the egregious salaries of local officials, died suddenly.	just a few days before the election, city councilman candidate, miguel alejandro sanchez, a longtime resident of bell who had participated in the protests against the salaries of local officials, died suddenly.
the black hills of south dakota is full of evidence of custer, with a county, town, and the beautiful custer state park all located in the area.	the black hills of south dakota is full of evidence of custer, with a county, town, and the custer state park all located in the area.
in 1881 alexander ii was murdered on the very day he had approved a proposal to call a representative assembly to consider new reforms.	in 1881 alexander ii was killed on the very day he had approved a proposal to call a representative assembly to consider new reforms.
the executive order states that the curator of the white house, chief usher of the white house, secretary of the smithsonian institute, chairman of the united states commission of fine arts, and director of the national gallery of art serve as ex-officio members of the committee.	the executive order states that the curator of the white house, chief usher of the white house, secretary of the smithsonian institute, the chair of the united states commission of fine arts, and director of the national gallery of art serve as ex-officio members of the committee.
local media earlier reported that the suspect had expressed support for islamic state of iraq and the levant though prosecutors didn't confirm any links with the group.	swedish media earlier reported that the suspect had expressed support for islamic state of iraq and the levant though prosecutors didn't confirm any links with the group.
1 the government of india recognises the entire state of jammu and kashmir to be a part of india.	1 the government of india considers the entire state of jammu and kashmir to be a part of india.
before navy won a 46-44 triple-overtime debacle in 2007, notre dame had a 43-game winning streak that was the longest series win streak between two annual opponents in the history of division i fbs football.	before navy won a 46-44 triple-overtime thriller in 2007, notre dame had a 43-game winning streak that was the longest series win streak between two annual opponents in the history of division i fbs football.
the service-learning program at aquinas college was implemented in 1997, it calls students to make everyday at aquinas a better day for others.	the service-learning program at aquinas was implemented in 1997, it calls students to make everyday at aquinas a better day for others.
"borotba has condemned the ""western-backed"" and ""fascist"" february 2014 coup in kiev and called for a socialist revolution in ukraine against the government of ""ultra-nationalists and nazis""."	"borotba has condemned what they considered a ""western-backed"" and ""fascist"" february 2014 coup in kiev and called for a socialist revolution in ukraine against the government of ""ultra-nationalists and nazis""."
consumption of foods which are themselves vasodilators, such as alcohol or cinnamon, can increase the probability of an angioedema episode in susceptible patients.	consumption of foods which are themselves vasodilators, such as alcoholic beverage s or cinnamon, can increase the probability of an angioedema episode in susceptible patients.
they are given a copy of mein kampf by the judge as a reward for their service to hitler; their passport contains spaces for 12 more children (a hint that the couple is expected to reproduce large families for the deutschland ).	they are given a copy of mein kampf by the judge as a reward for their service to hitler; their passport contains spaces for 12 more children (a hint that the couple is expected to reproduce large families for the fatherland ).
successful use of the scientific method in the physical sciences led to the same methodology being attempted better understand the many fields of human endeavor.	successful use of the scientific method in the physical sciences led to the same methodology being adapted to better understand the many fields of human endeavor.
in mexico city's chapultepec park, the monument to the heroic cadets commemorates the heroic sacrifice of six teenaged military cadets who fought to their deaths rather than surrender to american liberators during the battle of chapultepec castle on september 18, 1847. the monument is an important patriotic site in mexico.	in mexico city's chapultepec park, the monument to the heroic cadets commemorates the heroic sacrifice of six teenaged military cadets who fought to their deaths rather than surrender to american troops during the battle of chapultepec castle on september 18, 1847. the monument is an important patriotic site in mexico.
john hollinger has also developed a tested formula that quantifies how impressive a player's individual game performance is.	john hollinger has also developed a formula that quantifies how impressive a player's individual game performance is.
the other remaining clubs included adelaide united fc, newcastle united fc and new zealand knights fc.	the other clubs included adelaide united fc, newcastle united fc and new zealand knights fc.
some time after his passing , it was discovered that he had written a satirical text parodying daimyo life, titled daimy katagi.	some time after his death , it was discovered that he had written a satirical text parodying daimyo life, titled daimy katagi.
among these features and astonishing user interface ideas are, for example, complex fluid and cloth effects, a comprehensive and well-thought out hotkey program, which rivals that of most higher end applications, and a wide range of easily accesable and creatable extensions using python scripting.	among these features and user interface ideas are, for example, complex fluid and cloth effects, a comprehensive and well-thought out hotkey program, which rivals that of most higher end applications, and a wide range of easily accesable and creatable extensions using python scripting.
he is widely recognized as one of the twentieth century pioneers of polymer science.	he is recognized as one of the twentieth century pioneers of polymer science.
there are however word cognates, and the estonian philologist mall hellam has even provided an example of an entire sentence that is mutually intelligible among the three most widely-spoken uralic languages of finnish, estonian, and hungarian, and traceable to the common ancestor of the three languages.	there are however word cognates, and the estonian philologist mall hellam has even provided an example of an entire sentence that he asserts to be mutually intelligible among the three most widely-spoken uralic languages of finnish, estonian, and hungarian, and traceable to the common ancestor of the three languages.
in october 1901, after practicing raja yoga for some time, he reached a state he called dhyana.	in october 1901, after practicing raja yoga for some time, he claimed to reach a state he called dhyana.
he was famously photographed by danny lyon being bodily dragged by 5 national guard troops at a sit-in in cambridge, maryland, on may 2, 1964.	he was photographed by danny lyon being bodily dragged by 5 national guard troops at a sit-in in cambridge, maryland, on may 2, 1964.
charles digby harrod (18411905) was an english merchant who expanded the harrods in london into a prestigious department store after his father, charles henry harrod had retired.	charles digby harrod (18411905) was an english merchant who expanded the harrods in london into a department store after his father, charles henry harrod had retired.
sandra bernhard - actress, comedienne	sandra bernhard - actress, comedian
the show is notable for brilliant writing (often by creator stephen j. cannell), an agile pontiac firebird and for the easy charm and charisma of james garner who starred as jim rockford.	the show is notable for the quality of it's writing (often by creator stephen j. cannell), an agile pontiac firebird and for the easy charm and charisma of james garner who starred as jim rockford.
because of the fame being generated by lash larue, who used a bullwhip in his movies, monogram decided to make meyers a similar whip-wielding character, rechristening him whip wilson.	because of the fame being generated by lash larue, who used a bullwhip in his movies, monogram decided to make meyers a similar whip-wielding character, renaming him whip wilson.
euler has an api to use the open raytracer povray .	euler has an api to use the open raytracer pov-ray .
the german school of san salvador is a prestigious k-12 private institution in antiguo cuscatln, el salvador, in the san salvador metropolitan area.	the german school of san salvador is a k-12 private institution in antiguo cuscatln, el salvador, in the san salvador metropolitan area.
he also owns and operates his own company called timeline audio offering great audio services to both the corporate and non-corporate world.	he also owns and operates his own company called timeline audio offering audio services to both the corporate and non-corporate world.
johns is amusingly portrayed as a kleptomaniac, stealing items of food, lightbulbs, a motor boat and a painting marge is working on.	johns is portrayed as a kleptomaniac, stealing items of food, lightbulbs, a motor boat and a painting marge is working on.
his legal analysis showing that us senator john mccain is not eligible to be elected president of the united states drew attention in 2008.	his legal analysis claiming that us senator john mccain is not eligible to be elected president of the united states drew attention in 2008.
chandler studied with legendary acting teacher, milton katselas.	chandler studied with acting teacher, milton katselas.
using third-party plug-ins, after effects can create impressive 3d effects.	using third-party plug-ins, after effects can create 3d effects.
the scandal pitted congress against the bush white house, generating a series of constitutional issues.	the controversy pitted congress against the bush white house, generating a series of constitutional issues.
in 2013, a top-secret order issued by the court, which was later leaked to the media from documents culled by whistleblower edward snowden, required a subsidiary of verizon to provide a daily, on-going feed of all call detail recordsincluding those for domestic callsto the nsa.	in 2013, a top-secret order issued by the court, which was later leaked to the media from documents culled by edward snowden, required a subsidiary of verizon to provide a daily, on-going feed of all call detail recordsincluding those for domestic callsto the nsa.
"this, combined with the fact that there is a surprising level of strategy that can be used by players, has led some players and kubb fans to nickname the game ""viking chess."""	"this, combined with the fact that there is a certain level of strategy that can be used by players, has led some players and kubb fans to nickname the game ""viking chess."""
"the comedienne , arabella weir was one of the ""lillets"" or backing singers to the band."	"the comedian , arabella weir was one of the ""lillets"" or backing singers to the band."
22x20px persia - occupied by british and russian troops.	persia - occupied by british and russian troops.
she first achieved fame for her role as jen lindley on the wb television teen drama, dawson's creek, from 1998 to 2003. williams later graduated to full-length features, including prozac nation (2001), brokeback mountain (2005), for which she got an academy award nomination for best supporting actress, as well as i'm not there (2007), shutter island (2010) and blue valentine (2010), for which she got an academy award nomination for best actress .	she first achieved recognition for her role as jen lindley on the wb television teen drama, dawson's creek, from 1998 to 2003. williams later graduated to full-length features, including prozac nation (2001), brokeback mountain (2005), for which she got an academy award nomination for best supporting actress, as well as i'm not there (2007), shutter island (2010) and blue valentine (2010), for which she got an academy award nomination for best actress .
he is best known for his efforts to abolish the practice of sati, the corrupted hindu funeral practice in which the widow were compelled to sacrificed herself on her husbands funeral pyre.	he is best known for his efforts to abolish the practice of sati, the hindu funeral practice in which the widow were compelled to sacrificed herself on her husbands funeral pyre.
marquis de roque (aka marquis marque, marc mazzarelli) (bass, bad vocals) (19951996)	marquis de roque (aka marquis marque, marc mazzarelli) (bass, vocals) (19951996)
the strike is the 166th episode of the hit nbc sitcom seinfeld.	the strike is the 166th episode of the nbc sitcom seinfeld.
other problematic weapons, such as land mines, have been banned in many countries under specific legal instruments for several years, notably the ottawa treaty and the convention on certain conventional weapons.	other weapons, such as land mines, have been banned in many countries under specific legal instruments for several years, notably the ottawa treaty and the convention on certain conventional weapons.
"however, six weeks later, amidst what some have described as a ""media circus"" atmosphere involving misleading accusations of racism, zimmerman was charged with murder by a new prosecutor."	"however, six weeks later, amidst what some have described as a ""media circus"" atmosphere involving accusations of racism, zimmerman was charged with murder by a new prosecutor."
the tragedy garnered national attention including visits from president bush, minnesota's u.s. senators, norm coleman and amy klobuchar, and swarms of media.	the bridge collapse garnered national attention including visits from president bush, minnesota's u.s. senators, norm coleman and amy klobuchar, and swarms of media.
hallucigenia is a genus of cambrian animals known from articulated fossils in exceptional burgess shale-type deposits in canada and china, and from isolated spines around the world.	hallucigenia is a genus of cambrian animals known from articulated fossils in burgess shale-type deposits in canada and china, and from isolated spines around the world.
pepper band, were dressed in eye-catching custom-made military-style outfits made of satin dyed in day-glo colours.	pepper band, were dressed in custom-made military-style outfits made of satin dyed in day-glo colours.
synarchism is a controversial term which generally refers to a conservative political philosophy focused on solving economic, political, and social problems that its supporters see as leading to anarchy.	synarchism is a theoretical term which generally refers to a conservative political philosophy focused on solving economic, political, and social problems that its supporters see as leading to anarchy.
the acquaintance he cultivated with the colonels who were in power in greece, especially the widely-despised georgios papadopoulos, was ideologically based.	the acquaintance he cultivated with the colonels who were in power in greece, especially the leader of the military junta from 1967 to 1974, georgios papadopoulos, was ideologically based.
om is a duo formed by the rhythm section of the legendary stoner metal band sleep; al cisneros on vocals and bass and chris hakius on drums.	om is a duo formed by the rhythm section of the disbanded stoner metal band sleep; al cisneros on vocals and bass and chris hakius on drums.
alfredo oliva  concert comedienne	alfredo oliva  concert comedian
the adventures of panama red was the group's lone gold album, and is considered by most critics to be one of the better country-rock opuses to have emerged from the 1970s; the juxtaposition of a rootsy ambiance with irreverent lyrical themes clearly influenced the alternative country movement of today.	the adventures of panama red was the group's lone gold album, and is considered by most critics to be one of the better country-rock album to have emerged from the 1970s; the juxtaposition of a rootsy ambiance with irreverent lyrical themes clearly influenced the alternative country movement of today.
after appearing in mtv's the real world: new orleans, melissa moved to los angeles to try stand-up comedy briefly, and then to become an accomplished author, actress and painter.	after appearing in mtv's the real world: new orleans, melissa moved to los angeles to try stand-up comedy briefly, and then to become an author, actress and painter.
"writing in the forward within days of the signing of the oslo accords, pipes observed : ""mr. arafat has merely adopted a flexible approach to fit adverse circumstances, saying whatever needed to be said to survive."	"writing in the forward within days of the signing of the oslo accords, pipes alleged : ""mr. arafat has merely adopted a flexible approach to fit adverse circumstances, saying whatever needed to be said to survive."
half a mile to the west are the spectacular valley of rocks and wringcliff bay.	half a mile to the west are the valley of rocks and wringcliff bay.
in the documentary, d'souza positively compares the 45th president of the united states donald trump to the 16th president abraham lincoln, and indicates that the democratic party was critical of both presidents, as well as the democrats' apparent similarities to the nazi party in terms of economic policies and progressive eugenics.	in the documentary, d'souza positively compares the 45th president of the united states donald trump to the 16th president abraham lincoln, and indicates that the democratic party was critical of both presidents, as well as the democrats' alleged similarities to the nazi party in terms of economic policies and progressive eugenics.
"the sony cyber-shot dsc-rx100 is an advanced 20.2 megapixel compact camera, part of the cyber-shot line of digital cameras made by sony and announced on 6 june 2012. it was named as the ""european advanced compact camera for 20122013"" by the european imaging and sound association (eisa)."	"the sony cyber-shot dsc-rx100 is an 20.2 megapixel compact camera, part of the cyber-shot line of digital cameras made by sony and announced on 6 june 2012. it was named as the ""european advanced compact camera for 20122013"" by the european imaging and sound association (eisa)."
frederick matthias alexander (20 january 1869 10 october 1955) was an australian actor who developed the alexander technique, an educational process applied to recognize and overcome reactive, habitual limitations in movement and thinking.	frederick matthias alexander (20 january 1869 10 october 1955) was an australian actor who developed the alexander technique, an educational process said to recognize and overcome reactive, habitual limitations in movement and thinking.
the court has defended this on the grounds that the article was intended to apply only to traditional marriage, and that a wide margin of appreciation must be granted to parties in this area.	the court has defended this on the grounds that the article was intended to apply only to different-sex marriage, and that a wide margin of appreciation must be granted to parties in this area.
in november 1918 he took command of the 2nd brigade of the 1st ukraininan soviet division (bogun and tarascchan regiments) and liberated chernihiv, kiev and fastov from the ukrainian directory.	in november 1918 he took command of the 2nd brigade of the 1st ukraininan soviet division (bogun and tarascchan regiments) and took chernihiv, kiev and fastov from the ukrainian directory.
they still can alleviate labour pain using psychological preparation, education, massage, hypnosis, or water therapy in a tub or shower.	they still can try toalleviate labour pain using psychological preparation, education, massage, hypnosis, or water therapy in a tub or shower.
however, a cruel term was created in that year - the 'trulli train'.	however, a term was created in that year - the 'trulli train'.
despite its grand ethical claims, the bank does invest substantial amounts from its investment funds in imperial tobacco and british american tobacco both of which have faced numerous claims of irresponsible marketing to children, and accusations that they provide support to smugglers .	despite its ethical claims, the bank does invest substantial amounts from its investment funds in imperial tobacco and british american tobacco both of which have faced numerous claims of irresponsible marketing to children, and accusations that they provide support to smugglers .
maxwell played grade cricket in sydney at the prestigious cranbrook school and once toured with an australian old collegians team in 1972.	maxwell played grade cricket in sydney at the cranbrook school and once toured with an australian old collegians team in 1972.
the most likely explanation is that while the pill does nothing to prevent a newly-conceived child from implanting in the wrong place (i.e.	the most likely explanation is that while the pill does nothing to prevent a newly-conceived embryo from implanting in the wrong place (i.e.
"ucu expressed surprise that ifl escaped david cameron's 2010 uk quango reforms (aka ""bonfire of the quangos"") and vehemently opposed the increase including a petition by fe members."	"ucu expressed surprise that ifl escaped david cameron's 2010 uk quango reforms (aka ""bonfire of the quangos"") and opposed the increase including a petition by fe members."
on june 28, shortly before polls were due to open for the referendum, the armed forces intervened .	on june 28, shortly before polls were due to open for the referendum, the armed forces staged a coup d'tat .
a nuclear explosion is a man-made disaster that occurs as a result of the rapid release of energy from an intentionally high-speed nuclear reaction.	a nuclear explosion is a man-made explosion that occurs as a result of the rapid release of energy from an intentionally high-speed nuclear reaction.
sharnbrook upper school and community college has a campus on the west of the village, serves a wide area and was attended by the london marathon-winning paula radcliffe, who opened the aptly named paula radcliffe sharnbrook community sports centre in april 2005. this community sports centre is not only for school users but also serves the wider local community of north bedfordshire with fantastic sporting facilities.	sharnbrook upper school and community college has a campus on the west of the village, serves a wide area and was attended by the london marathon-winning paula radcliffe, who opened the aptly named paula radcliffe sharnbrook community sports centre in april 2005. this community sports centre is not only for school users but also serves the wider local community of north bedfordshire with sporting facilities.
"augustus ""gus"" smith is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by mohammed george."	"augustus ""gus"" smith is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by mohammed george."
fired: theresa boutross for not bringing charmaine into the boardroom, who had hired (and overpaid) the lewd comedienne , as well as underprepared the models for the event, and was the ultimate reason they lost the task.	fired: theresa boutross for not bringing charmaine into the boardroom, who had hired (and overpaid) the lewd comedian , as well as underprepared the models for the event, and was the ultimate reason they lost the task.
michael mcdowell was born in dublin, ireland and was educated at the elite private jesuit school gonzaga college and then at university college dublin and king's inns in dublin where he qualified as a barrister.	michael mcdowell was born in dublin, ireland and was educated at the private jesuit school gonzaga college and then at university college dublin and king's inns in dublin where he qualified as a barrister.
the coordination committee of houla released a statement in response to the report published by the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung, asserting that the victims of the massacre were sunni, and that they neither received a call from a journalist with the name of rainer hermann nor from any other journalist who works for the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung.	the coordination committee of houla released a statement in response to the report published by the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung, stating that the victims of the massacre were sunni, and that they neither received a call from a journalist with the name of rainer hermann nor from any other journalist who works for the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung.
irene rosenfeld is the chairwoman and ceo of kraft foods inc..	irene rosenfeld is the chairperson and ceo of kraft foods inc..
some republicans have actively sought to block judges who they see as being activist judges and they have sought the appointment of judges who will practice judicial restraint.	some republicans have actively sought to block judges who they see as being activist judges and they have sought the appointment of judges who claim to practice judicial restraint.
she tried to return to indianapolis to be by his side when he died in march, 1901, but arrived several hours after his passing .	she tried to return to indianapolis to be by his side when he died in march, 1901, but arrived several hours after his death .
caption =taliban heroes in front of the hijacked plane|	caption =taliban fighters in front of the hijacked plane|
the honorable al-imam warith deen mohammed (october 30, 1933 - september 9, 2008) was an influential american muslim leader and the son of clara and elijah muhammad.	the honorable al-imam warith deen mohammed (october 30, 1933 - september 9, 2008) was an american muslim leader and the son of clara and elijah muhammad.
the church was organized april 6, 1830 by joseph smith, jr. as the church of christ following his translation of the book of mormon from which the church gets its nickname.	the church was founded april 6, 1830 by joseph smith, jr. as the church of christ following his translation of the book of mormon from which the church gets its nickname.
a 32 to 06 defeat of four-in-a-row hopefuls st. finbarr's gave buckley a coveted championship medal.	a 32 to 06 defeat of four-in-a-row hopefuls st. finbarr's gave buckley a cork senior hurling championship medal.
the age of extremes: the short twentieth century, 1914-1991 is a book on modern history by eric hobsbawm, published in 1994. in the book, hobsbawm comments on what he sees as the disastrous failures of state communism, capitalism, and nationalism in this period; he also offers an equally skeptical take on the state of the arts and of various changes in society in the latter half of the twentieth century.	the age of extremes: the short twentieth century, 1914-1991 is a book on modern history by eric hobsbawm, published in 1994. in the book, hobsbawm comments on what he sees as the disastrous failures of state communism, capitalism, and nationalism in this period; he also offers an equally skeptical take on the progress (or, in his view, retrogression) of the arts and of various changes in society in the latter half of the twentieth century.
the westboro baptist church (wbc) is a fanatical religious organization headed by fred phelps and based in topeka, kansas, united states.	the westboro baptist church (wbc) is a religious organization headed by fred phelps and based in topeka, kansas, united states.
"a sizeable selection of alloy wheels (sometimes improperly called ""mags""see below) are available to automobile owners who want lighter, prettier, rarer, and/or larger wheels on their cars, in order to increase performance, manipulate handling and suspension, and/or signify luxury, sportiness, or wealth."	"a sizeable selection of alloy wheels (sometimes called ""mags""see below) are available to automobile owners who want lighter, prettier, rarer, and/or larger wheels on their cars, in order to increase performance, manipulate handling and suspension, and/or signify luxury, sportiness, or wealth."
the stationmaster's house was lovingly renovated in the 1980s.	the stationmaster's house was renovated in the 1980s.
he is an extremely aggressive right-handed opening batsman and an occasional right-arm off-spin bowler.	he is an aggressive right-handed opening batsman and an occasional right-arm off-spin bowler.
peter sperling sponsored and financially backed the controversial proposition 7 of california's november 2008 general election .	peter sperling sponsored and financially backed the proposition 7 of california's november 2008 general election .
historian of science daniel kevles recounts the affair in his 1998 book, the baltimore case, while yale university mathematician and aids denialist serge lang strongly criticized baltimore's behavior.	historian of science daniel kevles recounts the affair in his 1998 book, the baltimore case, while yale university mathematician and aids dissident serge lang strongly criticized baltimore's behavior.
frdric franois chopin (; ; 1 march 181017 october 1849), born fryderyk franciszek chopin, was a polish composer and virtuoso pianist of the romantic era.	frdric franois chopin (; ; 1 march 181017 october 1849), born fryderyk franciszek chopin, was a composer and virtuoso pianist of the romantic era.
under florida law mr. schiavo is mrs. schiavo's legal guardian, although her family is seeking his removal as guardian ostensibly so that they can assume responsibility for mrs. schiavo's care.	under florida law mr. schiavo is mrs. schiavo's legal guardian, although her family is seeking his removal as guardian so that they can assume responsibility for mrs. schiavo's care.
though oxford died in 1604 before 10 of the plays were performed or published according to the historical record, oxfordians argue that the dedication to the 1609 sonnets implies that the author was dead at the time of their publication and point to 1604 as the year regular publication of new shakespeare plays halted for four years.	though oxford died in 1604 before 10 of the plays were performed or published according to the historical record, oxfordians say that the dedication to the 1609 sonnets implies that the author was dead at the time of their publication and point to 1604 as the year regular publication of new shakespeare plays halted for four years.
though achieving lethal dose with coffee would be exceptionally difficult with regular coffee, there have been many reported deaths from intentional overdosing on caffeine pills.	though achieving lethal dose with coffee would be exceptionally difficult with regular coffee, there have been reported deaths from intentional overdosing on caffeine pills.
roman remains have also been found here .	roman remains have also been found in the area .
the rich mining history of the town was highlighted in the 2000 blockbuster film billy elliot which was set during the uk miners' strike (1984-1985) in the fictional county durham town of 'everington', but which displayed characteristics particular to east durham pit communities such as seaham and easington colliery  both towns feature as locations in the film, notably dawdon miners' club, into which billy's dad runs when he learns his son has won an audition at dance school.	the rich mining history of the town was highlighted in the 2000 film billy elliot which was set during the uk miners' strike (1984-1985) in the fictional county durham town of 'everington', but which displayed characteristics particular to east durham pit communities such as seaham and easington colliery  both towns feature as locations in the film, notably dawdon miners' club, into which billy's dad runs when he learns his son has won an audition at dance school.
this usually signifies that while a crime may technically have been committed, the imposition of any punishment would, in the opinion of the judge or magistrates, be quite inappropriate.	this usually signifies that while a crime may technically have been committed, the imposition of any punishment would, in the opinion of the judge or magistrates, be inappropriate.
"it includes a radio edit of the hit ""anger as beauty"", and ""love will tear us apart"", a cover of joy division."	"it includes a radio edit of the single ""anger as beauty"", and ""love will tear us apart"", a cover of joy division."
canon rock a virtuoso rock arrangement of the canon in d by jerryc which became famous when covered by funtwo and others.	canon rock a rock arrangement of the canon in d by jerryc which became famous when covered by funtwo and others.
the world passport is a fantasy travel document sold by the world service authority, a non-profit organization founded by garry davis in 1954.	the world passport is a travel document sold by the world service authority, a non-profit organization founded by garry davis in 1954.
his father worked three jobs to achieve his version of the american dream; merely to own his own home - something he achieved during cain's childhood - and to see his two sons graduate.	his father worked three jobs to achieve his version of the american dream; to own his own home - something he achieved during cain's childhood - and to see his two sons graduate.
once on flinders island, robinson cruelly abandoned the aborigines.	once on flinders island, robinson abandoned the aborigines.
chuck baldwin, the 2008 presidential nominee of the fledgling constitution party, is the pastor of crossroads baptist church in pensacola.	chuck baldwin, the 2008 presidential nominee of the constitution party, is the pastor of crossroads baptist church in pensacola.
decanio's article includes a copy of the actual check ralston used to pay linderman, indicating the populists' conspiratorial claims were far more accurate than hofstadter ever suspected.	decanio's article includes a copy of the actual check ralston used to pay linderman, indicating the populists' claims were far more accurate than hofstadter ever suspected.
a relatively recent addition to the site was the construction of a naturally composting pit toilet with a magnificent view down the macalister river valley and across the tops of nearby snowgums and mountain ridges.	a relatively recent addition to the site was the construction of a naturally composting pit toilet with a view down the macalister river valley and across the tops of nearby snowgums and mountain ridges.
it is a very rural parish, mostly consisting of dairy farmland and woods, despite being surrounded by the towns of wokingham and winnersh and the large villages of arborfield cross and finchampstead.	it is a rural parish, mostly consisting of dairy farmland and woods, despite being surrounded by the towns of wokingham and winnersh and the large villages of arborfield cross and finchampstead.
visitors are officially invited to use public transport, but overwhelmingly arrive by private car, encouraged by the generous provision of parking spaces.	visitors are officially invited to use public transport, but overwhelmingly arrive by private car, encouraged by the provision of parking spaces.
that is why they did not go through the extreme preparations befitting such a complicated crime: they skipped the procedures of confiscating a taxi cab from another city and using nonlocal members.	that is why they did not go through the extreme preparations befitting such a complicated crime: they skipped the procedures of stealing a taxi cab from another city and using nonlocal members.
"people for the american way, which is critical of the organization, describes iwf as ""a secular counterpart to religious right womens groups like eagle forum and concerned women for america...."" as a secular organization, iwf takes no official position on abortion or gay marriage."	"people for the american way, which is critical of the organization, describes iwf as ""a secular counterpart to religious right womens groups like eagle forum and concerned women for america...."" as a secular organization, iwf takes no official position on abortion or same-sex marriage."
"cole comments on the implications of the incorrect translation in the new york times article: ""the new york times was told by supposed persian language experts in iran, and appears to believe, that mahv shodan is a transitive verb construct."	"cole comments on the implications of the translation in the new york times article: ""the new york times was told by supposed persian language experts in iran, and appears to believe, that mahv shodan is a transitive verb construct."
interferon- (interferon-gamma) release assays (igras) are exciting new developments in tb infection testing.	interferon- (interferon-gamma) release assays (igras) are new developments in tb infection testing.
however, in english it is often erroneously pronounced as a single syllable without a final .	however, in english it is often pronounced as a single syllable without a final .
the wedding bells is a short-lived american television comedy-drama that debuted on fox on march 7, 2007. the series was greenlighted after the network became interested in a series centered on wedding planners.	the wedding bells is a american television comedy-drama that debuted on fox on march 7, 2007. the series was greenlighted after the network became interested in a series centered on wedding planners.
exactly what poe was trying to say in the metamorphosis scene has been hotly debated, fueled in part by poe's own denial that ligeia was reborn in rowena's body.	exactly what poe was trying to say in the metamorphosis scene has been debated, fueled in part by poe's own denial that ligeia was reborn in rowena's body.
like hundreds of thousands of others in the greater new orleans area, she lost her home (in eastern new orleans) to the catastrophic flooding in the failure of the federal levee system during hurricane katrina in 2005.	like hundreds of thousands of others in the greater new orleans area, she lost her home (in eastern new orleans) to the catastrophic flooding in the failure of the levee system during hurricane katrina in 2005.
artists of the school were inspired by the natural beauty of the norfolk landscape and owed some influence to the work of landscape painters of the dutch golden age such as hobbema and ruisdael.	artists of the school were inspired by the natural environment of the norfolk landscape and owed some influence to the work of landscape painters of the dutch golden age such as hobbema and ruisdael.
he and his elder sons were considered as candidates for the throne of the kingdom of poland projected under german protection in 1916, in part because of their polish descent.	he and his elder sons were considered as candidates for the throne of the kingdom of poland projected under german control in 1916, in part because of their polish descent.
his students have included the accomplished pianist grace fong, now director of keyboard studies at chapman university conservatory of music.	his students have included the pianist grace fong, now director of keyboard studies at chapman university conservatory of music.
"gould claimed that ""nearly all"" of the negative reviews were by ""hereditarian"" mental testers."	"gould pointed out that ""nearly all"" of the negative reviews were by ""hereditarian"" mental testers."
the story of how keller's remarkable teacher, anne sullivan, broke through the isolation imposed by a near complete lack of language, allowing the girl to blossom as she learned to communicate, has become known worldwide through the dramatic depictions of the miracle worker.	the story of how keller's teacher, anne sullivan, broke through the isolation imposed by a near complete lack of language, allowing the girl to blossom as she learned to communicate, has become known worldwide through the dramatic depictions of the miracle worker.
"cruelly referred to as ""bastards,"" the family was somewhat isolated."	"referred to as ""bastards,"" the family was somewhat isolated."
the ploughshare is often used to symbolize creative tools that benefit mankind , as opposed to destructive tools of war, symbolized by the sword, a similar sharp metal tool with an arguably opposite use.	the ploughshare is often used to symbolize creative tools that benefit humankind , as opposed to destructive tools of war, symbolized by the sword, a similar sharp metal tool with an arguably opposite use.
"in regard to sherman's barbarism in georgia, prussian general helmuth von moltke said that ""an armed mob"" had nothing of value to be learned from."	"in regard to sherman's actions in georgia, prussian general helmuth von moltke said that ""an armed mob"" had nothing of value to be learned from."
the view from bulverton hill, sidmouth, is thought to have inspired 19th century poet and hymn writer john keble to compose some of his best loved work, kebles seat at bulverton hill is named after the english churchman and commands a breathtaking panoramic view of the lower otter valley and dartmoor in the distance.	the view from bulverton hill, sidmouth, is thought to have inspired 19th century poet and hymn writer john keble to compose some of his best loved work, kebles seat at bulverton hill is named after the english churchman and commands a panoramic view of the lower otter valley and dartmoor in the distance.
as the 1990s wore on, it became obvious that maloney had mismanaged the team.	as the 1990s wore on, it became clear that maloney had mismanaged the team.
visitors to the site gain access to an exclusive database of michelin guide content and listings including 18,000 tourist site recommendations and ratings for 62,000 hotels and restaurants, as well as additional travel services including traffic and weather updates, on-line car-hire booking and a database of safety camera locations, updated regularly and available to download free of charge.	visitors to the site gain access to an exclusive database of michelin guide content and listings including 18,000 tourist site recommendations and ratings for 62,000 hotels and restaurants, as well as additional travel services including traffic and weather updates, on-line car-hire booking and a database of speed camera locations, updated regularly and available to download free of charge.
anugerah juara lagu is a prestigious competition held by tv3 that day and up until now the tv station still hold such competition in recognition of all composers and lyricist in malaysia.	anugerah juara lagu is a competition held by tv3 that day and up until now the tv station still hold such competition in recognition of all composers and lyricist in malaysia.
toube claims that he took up reading and writing blogs as a way of trying to making sense of these events.	toube has said that he took up reading and writing blogs as a way of trying to making sense of these events.
the mayor of derry, legally the mayor of londonderry is an honorary position bestowed upon a citizen of derry in northern ireland, who is in practice a member of derry city council, chosen by his or her peers on the council to serve a one year term.	the mayor of derry, legally the mayor of londonderry is an honorary position bestowed upon a citizen of londonderry in northern ireland, who is in practice a member of derry city council, chosen by his or her peers on the council to serve a one year term.
the vast majority of syrian military equipment was soviet manufactured but the organization and military doctrine of the armed forces followed a mix of french and western influences as the soviet union jealously guarded its operational principles and never shared them with client states.	the vast majority of syrian military equipment was soviet manufactured but the organization and military doctrine of the armed forces followed a mix of french and western influences as the soviet union closely guarded its operational principles and never shared them with client states.
stoner had a massive breakthrough season on the ducati, the team winning its first world title on the grand prix scene.	stoner had a breakthrough season on the ducati, the team winning its first world title on the grand prix scene.
babylon 5 is an epic american science fiction television series created, produced and largely written by j. michael straczynski.	babylon 5 is an american science fiction television series created, produced and largely written by j. michael straczynski.
umar farouk abdul mutallab (also referred to as umar abdul mutallab and omar farooq al-nigeri; born december 22, 1986, in lagos, nigeria) is a muslim nigerian citizen who allegedly attempted to detonate plastic explosives hidden in his underwear during a christmas day, december 25, 2009, terrorist attack on northwest airlines flight 253, en route from amsterdam to detroit, michigan.	umar farouk abdul mutallab (also referred to as umar abdul mutallab and omar farooq al-nigeri; born december 22, 1986, in lagos, nigeria) is a muslim nigerian citizen who attempted to detonate plastic explosives hidden in his underwear during a christmas day, december 25, 2009, terrorist attack on northwest airlines flight 253, en route from amsterdam to detroit, michigan.
he learned the holy quran from ghulam rabbani and shah ahmad noorani siddiqi.	he learned the quran from ghulam rabbani and shah ahmad noorani siddiqi.
"critics of hfcs say it is ""a toxic chemical concoction"" which contributes to weight gain by tricking normal appetite functions."	"critics of hfcs say it is ""a toxic chemical concoction"" which contributes to weight gain by affecting normal appetite functions."
"their research focus presently centers around two remarkable concepts, the ""dark sky station"" (dss) and ""airship to orbit"" (ato) concepts."	"their research focus presently centers around two concepts, the ""dark sky station"" (dss) and ""airship to orbit"" (ato) concepts."
even on cable television, which is not regulated by the fcc, few channels in the united states will broadcast the word fuck because of a fear of backlash from advertisers or the overbearing fcc.	even on cable television, which is not regulated by the fcc, few channels in the united states will broadcast the word fuck because of a fear of backlash from advertisers or the fcc.
in contract theory, he extends murray rothbard's and williamson evers's title transfer theory of contract, linking it with inalienability theory while also clarifying that theory .	in contract theory, he extends murray rothbard's and williamson evers's title transfer theory of contract, linking it with inalienability theory while also attempting to clarify that theory .
scott and his followers mistakenly use the phrase with an implied criticism of modernism as austerely minimalist (which is not necessarily the case) and excessively rationalist or bureaucratic, combined with a sense of hubris in its perceived claims about the inevitability of progress, or its claim to embody progress.	scott and his followers use the phrase with an implied criticism of modernism as austerely minimalist (which is not necessarily the case) and excessively rationalist or bureaucratic, combined with a sense of hubris in its perceived claims about the inevitability of progress, or its claim to embody progress.
max reinhardt (september 9, 1873 - october 30, 1943) was an influential austrian (later nauralised american) theatre and film director and actor.	max reinhardt (september 9, 1873 - october 30, 1943) was an austrian (later nauralised american) theatre and film director and actor.
ruut veenhoven showed that social security payments do not seem to add to happiness.	ruut veenhoven claimed that social security payments do not seem to add to happiness.
jrg haider attempted to refashion the party more into chauvinistic austrian patriotism.	jrg haider attempted to refashion the party more into austrian patriotism.
o'connor's pragmatic case-by-case approach routinely placed her in the center of the court, and drew both criticism and praise.	o'connor's case-by-case approach routinely placed her in the center of the court, and drew both criticism and praise.
the present day round pond which served the mill is one of the most popular in the area being stocked with trout for fishermen ; the surrounding area has a large variety of wildlife and there is a picnic area.	the present day round pond which served the mill is one of the most popular in the area being stocked with trout for anglers ; the surrounding area has a large variety of wildlife and there is a picnic area.
gilda susan radner (june 28, 1946  may 20, 1989) was an american comedienne and actress.	gilda susan radner (june 28, 1946  may 20, 1989) was an american comedian and actress.
althusser offers the farcical example of the voice of god - an embodiment of christian religious ideology - instructing a person on what her place in the world is and what she must do to be reconciled with christ.	althusser offers the example of the voice of god - an embodiment of christian religious ideology - instructing a person on what her place in the world is and what she must do to be reconciled with christ.
david decoteau (born january 5 1962) is an american film director and producer known for directing low quality homoerotic horror movies, such as brotherhood and voodoo academy, that have attracted a cult following.	david decoteau (born january 5 1962) is an american film director and producer known for directing low budget homoerotic horror movies, such as brotherhood and voodoo academy, that have attracted a cult following.
"into bringing the development process more in line with ""the apache way,"" and it seems that their efforts were highly successful."	"into bringing the development process more in line with ""the apache way,"" and it seems that their efforts were successful."
today, monotheistic religions are dominant (mainly due to the missionary zeal of christianity and islam), but polytheism, and to a lesser extent also animism, survive.	today, monotheistic religions are dominant (mainly due to the missionary efforts of christianity and islam), but polytheism, and to a lesser extent also animism, survive.
on 28 may 2006, loach won the prestigious palme d'or at the cannes film festival for his film the wind that shakes the barley, a controversial view of the irish war of independence and the subsequent irish civil war during the 1920s.	on 28 may 2006, loach won the palme d'or at the cannes film festival for his film the wind that shakes the barley, a controversial view of the irish war of independence and the subsequent irish civil war during the 1920s.
fortunately the council of officers were willing to support an alliance with the turks, and in the fall of 1667 cossack emissaries were sent to istanbul to present a proposal for an ottoman protectorate over ukraine.	the council of officers were willing to support an alliance with the turks, and in the fall of 1667 cossack emissaries were sent to istanbul to present a proposal for an ottoman protectorate over ukraine.
a few writers propose that jesus is a myth, though historians generally agree that jesus existed and have aimed at reconstructing the so-called historical jesus.	a few writers propose that jesus is a myth, though historians generally agree that jesus existed and have aimed at reconstructing the historical jesus.
"the album was released in three versions: a copy- protected ""cd"" in europe, a genuine cd in north america, and a dvd-audio edition that includes the demos oldfield recorded in his flat in 1971."	"the album was released in three versions: a copy- controlled ""cd"" in europe, a genuine cd in north america, and a dvd-audio edition that includes the demos oldfield recorded in his flat in 1971."
1908 february 3, 2000) was an influential american designer and is considered one of the pioneering designers of american sportswear.	1908 february 3, 2000) was an american designer and is considered one of the pioneering designers of american sportswear.
historically the turkic people of iranian azerbaijan and the caucasus called themselves or were referred to by others as turks and religious identification prevailed over ethnic identification.	historically the turkic speakers of iranian azerbaijan and the caucasus called themselves or were referred to by others as turks and religious identification prevailed over ethnic identification.
what3words (stylized what3words) is a geocoding system for the simple communication of locations with a resolution of three metres.	what3words (stylized what3words) is a geocoding system for the communication of locations with a resolution of three metres.
"mikulski, popularly known as ""senator barb,"" was re-elected with large majorities in 1992, 1998 and 2004. her next reelection will be in 2010. many democrats vow to oppose her reelection based on her vote in favor of the fisa bill, which granted immunity to the telecom companies who cooperated with the illegal wiretapping of u.s. citizens."	"mikulski, popularly known as ""senator barb,"" was re-elected with large majorities in 1992, 1998 and 2004. her next reelection will be in 2010. many democrats vow to oppose her reelection based on her vote in favor of the fisa bill, which granted immunity to the telecom companies who cooperated with the warrentless wiretapping of u.s. citizens."
belen echandia, a luxury handbag and accessories company	belen echandia, a handbag and accessories company
amitai etzioni, writing in the atlantic, speculated that obsession about microaggressions is a distraction from dealing with much more serious acts.	amitai etzioni, writing in the atlantic, suggested that obsession about microaggressions is a distraction from dealing with much more serious acts.
the november/december 2011 edition of skeptical inquirer presents an explanation of the incident, based on details reported by the eyewitnesses.	the november/december 2011 edition of skeptical inquirer offers an explanation of the incident, based on details reported by the eyewitnesses.
while the terms classical chinese and literary chinese are commonly used interchangeably, this is not strictly accurate.	while the terms classical chinese and literary chinese are commonly used interchangeably, this might not strictly accurate.
"a group calling themselves ""anti-capitalist muslims"" prayed in gezi park in honor of abdullah cmert ."	"a group calling themselves ""anti-capitalist muslims"" prayed in gezi park in honor of abdullah cmert and the police captain mustafa sari"
the teutonic knights intercepted the pagans near lbau (lubawa).	the teutonic knights intercepted the prussians near lbau (lubawa).
this proposal has received unfounded criticism from some aid groups due to its heavy emphasis on christian morality and sexual abstinence.	this proposal has received criticism from some aid groups due to its heavy emphasis on christian morality and sexual abstinence.
to avoid such unwieldy numbers, people have often misused the si prefixes to mean the nearest power of two, e.g., using the prefix kilo for 210 = 1024, mega for 220 = , and giga for 230 = , and so on.	to avoid such unwieldy numbers, people have often repurposed the si prefixes to mean the nearest power of two, e.g., using the prefix kilo for 210 = 1024, mega for 220 = , and giga for 230 = , and so on.
it is also known for its spectacular views of the columbia gorge canyon.	it is also known for its views of the columbia gorge canyon.
in 2006, ceren berkman concluded that the true central asian contribution for both males and females were assumed to be at least 22% contribution, with large confidence intervals, from central asia to turkey with respect to the balkans.	in 2006, berkman concluded that the true central asian contribution for both males and females were assumed to be at least 22% contribution, with large confidence intervals, from central asia to turkey with respect to the balkans.
phage therapy can be effective for cases where antibiotics fail.	phage therapy can be used for cases where antibiotics fail.
milla jovovich (born milica nataa jovovi; december 17, 1975) is an ukrainian-born, american supermodel , actress, musician, and fashion designer.	milla jovovich (born milica nataa jovovi; december 17, 1975) is an ukrainian-born, american model , actress, musician, and fashion designer.
one of the caryatids was removed by lord elgin in order to decorate his scottish mansion, and was later sold to the british museum (along with the pedimental and frieze sculpture plundered from the parthenon).	one of the caryatids was removed by lord elgin in order to decorate his scottish mansion, and was later sold to the british museum (along with the pedimental and frieze sculpture taken from the parthenon).
a cabbage roll (also stuffed cabbage) is a savory foodstuff consisting of cooked cabbage leaves wrapped around a variety of fillings.	a cabbage roll (also stuffed cabbage) is a foodstuff consisting of cooked cabbage leaves wrapped around a variety of fillings.
"angela ""angie"" watts (ne shaw) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by anita dobson from the first episode of the show until 1988 when the actress decided to quit and the character was written out."	"angela ""angie"" watts (ne shaw) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by anita dobson from the first episode of the show until 1988 when the actress decided to quit and the character was written out."
the only study they were allowed to pursue unhindered was the cabala, which the jesuits erroneously believed supported christian ideas.	the only study they were allowed to pursue unhindered was the cabala, which the jesuits believed supported christian ideas.
the film tells the emotional story about the reconciliation between a father and his son.	the film tells the story about the reconciliation between a father and his son.
started in order to support the campaign of sir t. muthuswamy iyer for a judgeship at the madras high court and to counter the propaganda against him carried out by the anglo-indian press, the hindu was one of the many newspapers of the period established to protest the discriminatory policies of the british raj.	started in order to support the campaign of sir t. muthuswamy iyer for a judgeship at the madras high court and to counter the propaganda against him carried out by the anglo-indian press, the hindu was one of the many newspapers of the period established to protest the policies of the british raj.
trump's narrow victory continued florida's tradition of being a swing state in presidential elections, having not voted for a losing candidate since 1992.	trump's victory continued florida's tradition of being a swing state in presidential elections, having not voted for a losing candidate since 1992.
he captained kent for three years, before he was controversially replaced by chris cowdrey in 1986. he moved to somerset as captain in 1989, following a successful benefit in 1988. tavar is currently a biology teacher at his alma mater, sevenoaks school.	he captained kent for three years, before he was replaced by chris cowdrey in 1986. he moved to somerset as captain in 1989, following a successful benefit in 1988. tavar is currently a biology teacher at his alma mater, sevenoaks school.
in the immediate aftermath of jesus' death his followers expected him to return at any moment, and certainly within their own lifetimes.	in the immediate aftermath of jesus' life on earth his followers expected him to return at any moment, and certainly within their own lifetimes.
formerly known as the presbyterian cemetery, it was renamed for legendary confederate general stonewall jackson, who was interred here after his death on may 10, 1863.	formerly known as the presbyterian cemetery, it was renamed for confederate general stonewall jackson, who was interred here after his death on may 10, 1863.
consumer reports is known for publishing accurate reviews and comparisons of consumer products and services based on reporting and results from its in-house testing laboratory.	consumer reports is known for publishing reviews and comparisons of consumer products and services based on reporting and results from its in-house testing laboratory.
"formed in 1991, ""don cab,"" as the group is affectionately known, successfully blends heavy noise rock sounds with avant-garde jazz influences."	"formed in 1991, ""don cab,"" as the group is affectionately known, blends heavy noise rock sounds with avant-garde jazz influences."
the film's elegant music score was written by richard band and performed by the london philharmonic orchestra.	the film's music score was written by richard band and performed by the london philharmonic orchestra.
he was defrocked in 1932 for his allegedly licentious lifestyle.	he was laicized in 1932 for his allegedly licentious lifestyle.
jerry trainor finally gets a haircut for season 4 for the 1st time in 2 years and the haircut is similar to the one in early season 1.	jerry trainor gets a haircut for season 4 for the 1st time in 2 years and the haircut is similar to the one in early season 1.
in 2009 npr censored nathan lee's review of outrage, a documentary on closeted gay politicians who actively work against lesbian, gay, transgender and queer rights.	in 2009 npr edited nathan lee's review of outrage, a documentary on closeted gay politicians who actively work against lesbian, gay, transgender and queer rights.
"by closing the major gap in darwins theory kirschner and gerhart also provide a timely scientific rebuttal to modern critics of evolution who champion ""intelligent design""."	"by closing the major gap in darwins theory kirschner and gerhart also provide a scientific rebuttal to modern critics of evolution who champion ""intelligent design""."
anthony kennedy has developed a reputation as a moderate liberal on the bench, often siding with four liberal justices to take a broad reading of individual rights under the controversial doctrine of substantive due process, while sometimes remaining conservative on other issues, including criminal law and drug testing.	anthony kennedy has developed a reputation as a moderate on the bench, often siding with four liberal justices to take a broad reading of individual rights under the controversial doctrine of substantive due process, while sometimes remaining conservative on other issues, including criminal law and drug testing.
this is due to the fact that women may not produce natural lubrication if anxious or in pain.	this is due to the fact that they may not produce natural lubrication if anxious or in pain.
"while there are many legitimate who's who biographical directories, some unscrupulous individuals have created who's who scams that involve the selling of ""memberships"" in who's who directories that are created online and through instant publishing services."	"while there are many legitimate who's who biographical directories, some individuals have created who's who scams that involve the selling of ""memberships"" in who's who directories that are created online and through instant publishing services."
"stereotypically, it is said that even furries view therianthropy as ""taking it too far"" or ""too seriously"", while therianthropes assert that furries are frivolous, juvenile, and/or don't respect or understand the true nature of animals."	"stereotypically, it is said that furries view therianthropy as ""taking it too far"" or ""too seriously"", while therianthropes assert that furries are frivolous, juvenile, and/or don't respect or understand the true nature of animals."
in d, poland), is a young polish goalkeeper who plays for darlington.	in d, poland), is a polish goalkeeper who plays for darlington.
new urbanist memes for transit-oriented teens, also known as numftot, numtot, numthot, and variations by its members, is a communist-leaning facebook group dedicated to discussion, memes , and general discourse surrounding new urbanism, public transport, jane jacobs, anti-robert moses/anti-neoliberal/anti-elon musk sentiment, brutalism, and associated concepts.	new urbanist memes for transit-oriented teens, also known as numftot, numtot, numthot, and variations by its members, is a facebook group dedicated to discussion, memes , and general discourse surrounding new urbanism, public transport, jane jacobs, anti-robert moses/anti-neoliberal/anti-elon musk sentiment, brutalism, and associated concepts.
both games are extremely popular in the american college subculture, especially in (although not exclusive to) fraternities and sororities.	both games are popular in the american college subculture, especially in (although not exclusive to) fraternities and sororities.
judaism is of a temper which is fatal to asceticism; and the history of both judaism and the jews is, on the whole, free from ascetic aberrations .	judaism is of a temper which is fatal to asceticism; and the history of both judaism and the jews is, on the whole, free from ascetic aspirations .
the scheme was costed at 375 million in 2003, but by may 2008, when contracts were signed, the cost had ballooned to 521 million.	the scheme was costed at 375 million in 2003, but by may 2008, when contracts were signed, the cost had risen to 521 million.
virginia gregg (march 6, 1916 – september 15, 1986) was an american actress best known for her many roles in radio dramas and television series.	virginia gregg (march 6, 1916 – september 15, 1986) was an american actress known for her many roles in radio dramas and television series.
anglica vale (born 1975), mexican actress, singer and comedienne	anglica vale (born 1975), mexican actress, singer and comedian
swiftboating is left-wing american political jargon for an ad hominem attack usually resulting in a benefit to an established political force.	swiftboating is american political jargon for an ad hominem attack usually resulting in a benefit to an established political force.
the sendero de chile trail runs 18 km from the serrano conaf lodge up along the western side of lake peho, via las carretas campsite and mirador pehoe lookout, ending at the pehoe conaf lodge, and offers spectacular views of the cordillera del paine, grey glacier and lake peho.	the sendero de chile trail runs 18 km from the serrano conaf lodge up along the western side of lake peho, via las carretas campsite and mirador pehoe lookout, ending at the pehoe conaf lodge, and offers views of the cordillera del paine, grey glacier and lake peho.
he was fully proficient in jurisprudence, principle of jurisprudence , hadith, theology ,exegesis of the holy quran and the science of transmitters.	he was fully proficient in jurisprudence, principle of jurisprudence , hadith, theology ,exegesis of the quran and the science of transmitters.
bruce lahn's largest contribution to science was his discovery of alleles of the genes microcephalin	bruce lahn's best-known contribution to science was his discovery of alleles of the genes microcephalin
this record of political activism resulted in their most widely available album, 1997s split lp with political prisoner mumia abu-jamal.	this record of political activism resulted in their most widely available album, 1997s split lp with death row prisoner mumia abu-jamal.
he frequently visited pound during his period of political incarceration in st. elizabeth's hospital for the mentally ill in washington, d.c., from 1946 to 1959, which was ordered without trial by president franklin delano roosevelt.	he frequently visited pound during his period of incarceration in st. elizabeth's hospital for the mentally ill in washington, d.c., from 1946 to 1959, which was ordered without trial by president franklin delano roosevelt.
kcna regularly create news for all the north korean news organizations (including newspaper, radio and tv broadcasts) within the country, and also is the main news organization of north korea.	kcna regularly reports news for all the north korean news organizations (including newspaper, radio and tv broadcasts) within the country, and also is the main news organization of north korea.
briefly paige had a romantic interest in richard montana, a male witch who is related to the feuding family, the montanas.	briefly paige had a romantic interest in richard montana, a witch who is related to the feuding family, the montanas.
march 4, 2007 approximately 16 civilians were killed and dozens were wounded by us marine gunfire on the road between jalalabad and pakistan after a bomb blast directed the marine convoy in what has become known as the shinwar massacre .	march 4, 2007 approximately 16 civilians were killed and dozens were wounded by us marine gunfire on the road between jalalabad and pakistan after a bomb blast directed the marine convoy in what has become known as the shinwar shooting .
after being shaved bald ian came looking for revenge at hostile city showdown only a week later, this time in a barbedwire baseball bat match, but once again axl beat his brother - their final and most brutal match took place at hardcore heaven in a sickening taipei death match that saw both men bleed profusely .	after being shaved bald ian came looking for revenge at hostile city showdown only a week later, this time in a barbedwire baseball bat match, but once again axl beat his brother - their final and most brutal match took place at hardcore heaven in a taipei death match that saw both men bleed profusely .
, the problem , at least in japan, appears to originate with widespread use of word-processors.	, the phenomenon , at least in japan, appears to originate with widespread use of word-processors.
a sport, sometimes erroneously referred to as ultimate frisbee, see ultimate (sport).	a sport, sometimes referred to as ultimate frisbee, see ultimate (sport).
he campaigned for the legislative assembly of manitoba in 2003 as the progressive conservative candidate in brandon west, and lost to new democratic party incumbent scott smith by a surprisingly wide margin.	he campaigned for the legislative assembly of manitoba in 2003 as the progressive conservative candidate in brandon west, and lost to new democratic party incumbent scott smith by a wide margin.
in 1953, he founded the jean-marie leclair instrumental ensemble, which later became the jean-franois paillard chamber orchestra in 1959. the ensemble has made brilliant recordings of much of the baroque repertoire for erato records and has toured throughout europe and the united states.	in 1953, he founded the jean-marie leclair instrumental ensemble, which later became the jean-franois paillard chamber orchestra in 1959. the ensemble has made recordings of much of the baroque repertoire for erato records and has toured throughout europe and the united states.
road bicycle racing is a popular bicycle racing sport held on roads, using racing bicycles.	road bicycle racing is a bicycle racing sport held on roads, using racing bicycles.
also known for their large international fanbase, having performed and sold out tours in asia, europe, australia, north america and south america, bts's outstanding performances won them the best world performer award in the 2015 mnet asian music awards.	also known for their large international fanbase, having performed and sold out tours in asia, europe, australia, north america and south america, bts's performances won them the best world performer award in the 2015 mnet asian music awards.
laing correctly exposed the family nexus as often placing children in a 'double bind', unable to obey conflicting injunctions from family members, but he does not 'blame' those family members, pointing out that they are in turn victims of their own family.	laing exposed the family nexus as often placing children in a 'double bind', unable to obey conflicting injunctions from family members, but he does not 'blame' those family members, pointing out that they are in turn victims of their own family.
"after the death of chechen terrorist shamil basayev (architect of the moscow theater hostage crisis and beslan school hostage crisis), ridley wrote a column stating that basayev had become a ""shaheed"", that is, a martyr whose place in paradise is assured."	"after the death of chechen militant shamil basayev (architect of the moscow theater hostage crisis and beslan school hostage crisis), ridley wrote a column stating that basayev had become a ""shaheed"", that is, a martyr whose place in paradise is assured."
sometimes such clashes have resulted in unintended deaths of civilians during clashes.	sometimes such clashes have resulted in deaths of civilians during clashes.
superhero league of hoboken is a computer game from legend entertainment, designed by reputable interactive fiction designer steve meretzky.	superhero league of hoboken is a computer game from legend entertainment, designed by interactive fiction designer steve meretzky.
the currency can be earned by using the site's features, purchased through paypal, or donated by fans .	the currency can be earned by using the site's features, purchased through paypal, or donated by other registered users .
the right to own a gun and defend oneself is considered by many as central to the american identity.	the right to own a gun and defend oneself is considered by some as central to the american identity.
tatp has been identified in explosive devices in a number of cases involving jihadist terrorists.	tatp has been identified in explosive devices in a number of cases involving terrorists.
sulfur, when added , forms iron sulfide, which prevents the formation of graphite and increases hardness.	sulfur, when present , forms iron sulfide, which prevents the formation of graphite and increases hardness.
russia was desperately in need of improved transportation and geographically suited to railroads, with long flat stretches of land and comparatively simple land acquisition.	russia was in need of improved transportation and geographically suited to railroads, with long flat stretches of land and comparatively simple land acquisition.
matthew chozick (born december 1, 1980) is an american actor, writer, scholar, and celebrity television personality (gaijin tarento) in japan.	matthew chozick (born december 1, 1980) is an american actor, writer, scholar, and television personality (gaijin tarento) in japan.
the design for a nearly identical bladeless desktop fan was done by tokyo shibaura electric in 1981, but were never manufactured.	the design for a nearly identical bladeless fan was done by tokyo shibaura electric in 1981, but were never manufactured.
rodger young shows that these two jubilees must have been a matter of historical remembrance, not rabbinical back-calculation, because the known chronological methods of the seder olam and the talmud were incapable of measuring correctly the 49 years between josiah's 18th year and ezekiel's 25th year of captivity, much less being able to calculate back the 17 cycles to get correctly when the jubilee/sabbatical counting would have started.	rodger young argues that these two jubilees must have been a matter of historical remembrance, not rabbinical back-calculation, because the known chronological methods of the seder olam and the talmud were incapable of measuring correctly the 49 years between josiah's 18th year and ezekiel's 25th year of captivity, much less being able to calculate back the 17 cycles to get correctly when the jubilee/sabbatical counting would have started.
a later plan to father sons by various genetically superior women, then sterilize mankind and rule the world, was foiled by the superhero team the avengers.	a later plan to father sons by various genetically superior women, then sterilize humankind and rule the world, was foiled by the superhero team the avengers.
she was featured alongside two supermodels laetitia casta and nomie lenoir.	she was featured alongside two models laetitia casta and nomie lenoir.
many slaves who worked for temple estates lived under terrible conditions, but on average the ancient egyptian slave led a life similar to a serf.	many slaves who worked for temple estates lived under punitive conditions, but on average the ancient egyptian slave led a life similar to a serf.
barry attended university high school in san diego where he began surfing and graduated from baseball juggernaut usc.	barry attended university high school in san diego where he began surfing and graduated from baseball powerhouse usc.
second life, a massively multi-user 3d virtual world	second life, a multi-user 3d virtual world
generally, inquisitorial courts functioned much like the secular courts of the time, though their sentences and penances were far less cruel.	generally, inquisitorial courts functioned much like the secular courts of the time, though their sentences and penances were less cruel.
it is named after the primary instigator of its construction, sir michael fowler, at the time the mayor of wellington.	it is named after the primary promoter of its construction, sir michael fowler, at the time the mayor of wellington.
indifference of united kingdom government	response of united kingdom government
"in the 1970s, hudsons scholars advocated a turn away from the ""no-growth"" policies of the club of rome; in the early 1990s, it advised the newly- liberated baltic nations on becoming market economies; it assisted in drafting the wisconsin welfare reform law."	"in the 1970s, hudsons scholars advocated a turn away from the ""no-growth"" policies of the club of rome; in the early 1990s, it advised the newly- independent baltic nations on becoming market economies; it assisted in drafting the wisconsin welfare reform law."
this belief, which is not supported by linguistic fact, derives from political viewpoints that wrongly see catalonia as an overbearing or even imperialistic force.	this belief, which is not supported by linguistic fact, derives from political viewpoints that see catalonia as an overbearing or even imperialistic force.
the administration of president bill clinton justified the attacks, dubbed operation infinite reach, on the grounds that the al-shifa plant was involved with processing the most deadly nerve agent, vx, and had ties with the violent islamist al-qaeda group of osama bin laden, which was believed to be behind the embassy bombings and operation bojinka.	the administration of president bill clinton justified the attacks, dubbed operation infinite reach, on the grounds that the al-shifa plant was involved with processing the most deadly nerve agent, vx, and had ties with the islamist al-qaeda group of osama bin laden, which was believed to be behind the embassy bombings and operation bojinka.
"wales first stated, in october 2001, that ""larry had the idea to use wiki software"", though he later claimed in december 2005 that jeremy rosenfeld, a bomis employee, introduced him to the concept."	"wales first stated, in october 2001, that ""larry had the idea to use wiki software"", though he later stated in december 2005 that jeremy rosenfeld, a bomis employee, introduced him to the concept."
the campaign has focused on three important points:-	the campaign has focused on three points:-
by the time of muhammad's death, he had conquered arabia, spread islam throughout the arab peninsula, and launched expeditions to the north, towards syria and palestine.	by the time of muhammad's death, he had unified arabia, spread islam throughout the arab peninsula, and launched expeditions to the north, towards syria and palestine.
credit unions differ from traditional financial institutions (banks, savings and loan, etc.)	credit unions differ from other financial institutions (banks, savings and loan, etc.)
most basically , calculus is the study of change, in the same way that geometry is the study of space and algebra is the study of equations.	basically , calculus is the study of change, in the same way that geometry is the study of space and algebra is the study of equations.
conn scored a goal, set up two others and even sat on the ball in a famous 4-2 victory.	conn scored a goal, set up two others and even sat on the ball in a 4-2 victory.
this 'bonny' road down to the carse of gowrie is now sadly closed to through vehicle traffic.	this 'bonny' road down to the carse of gowrie is now closed to through vehicle traffic.
in may 1944, he was arrested again on the same charge and deported to the concentration camp theresienstadt, where he spent 14 months until the end of world war ii in europe, miraculously escaping death.	in may 1944, he was arrested again on the same charge and deported to the concentration camp theresienstadt, where he spent 14 months until the end of world war ii in europe, escaping death.
however the incidence of melanoma - the most lethal form of skin cancer - has drastically increased.	however the incidence of melanoma - the most lethal form of skin cancer - has increased.
lane technical college preparatory high school, colloquially known as lane tech, is a prestigious public four-year magnet high school located in chicago, illinois.	lane technical college preparatory high school, colloquially known as lane tech, is a public four-year magnet high school located in chicago, illinois.
fletcher's attitudes, as expressed in his oeuvre as a whole, are standard for his era, and show little resembling enlightenment .	fletcher's attitudes, as expressed in his oeuvre as a whole, are standard for his era, and show little resembling egalitarianism .
jean carroll (1911–2010), american actress and comedienne	jean carroll (1911–2010), american actress and comedian
the at&t laboratory eventually released their own streams library, which incorporated much of the same functionality in a software stack with a better architecture, but the wide distribution of the existing sockets library, together with the unfortunate omission of a function call for polling a set of open sockets equivalent to the select call in the berkeley library, reduced the impact of the new api.	the at&t laboratory eventually released their own streams library, which incorporated much of the same functionality in a software stack with a different architecture, but the wide distribution of the existing sockets library, together with the unfortunate omission of a function call for polling a set of open sockets equivalent to the select call in the berkeley library, reduced the impact of the new api.
this is a list of notable social networking websites.	this is a list of popular social networking websites.
one of the most memorable scenes was when roma (pacino) attempted to delay the inevitable loss of a big sale to james lingk, played masterfully by jonathan pryce.	one of the most memorable scenes was when roma (pacino) attempted to delay the inevitable loss of a big sale to james lingk, played by jonathan pryce.
superficially they resemble africans with dark skin and sometimes tightly coiled hair.	by their external physical appearence they resemble africans with dark skin and sometimes tightly coiled hair.
she is best known for her portrayal of mattie ross in the 2010 film true grit, which was her feature film debut, and for which she was nominated for an academy award for best supporting actress, a screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role, and a bafta award for best actress in a leading role.	she is known for her portrayal of mattie ross in the 2010 film true grit, which was her feature film debut, and for which she was nominated for an academy award for best supporting actress, a screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a female actor in a supporting role, and a bafta award for best actress in a leading role.
the large italian merchant vessel duchessa d'aosta and the german tug likomba had taken refuge in the neutral harbour of santa isabel.	the large italian merchant vessel duchessa d'aosta and the german tug likomba had taken refuge in the harbour of santa isabel.
unfortunately under this arrangement, the leagues of nsw (afl sydney), act (afl canberra) and queensland (qafl) were practically relegated to third-tier status behind the neafl and as a result any representative matches involving opposition outside of these territories have involved amateur-level leagues.	under this arrangement, the leagues of nsw (afl sydney), act (afl canberra) and queensland (qafl) were practically relegated to third-tier status behind the neafl and as a result any representative matches involving opposition outside of these territories have involved amateur-level leagues.
she badgers him until he drags her into the livery stable and rapes her.	she badgers him until he drags her into the livery stable and has sex with her.
the split emerged in the late 1930s, this time over the question of the class nature of the soviet union with both macdonald and spector siding with shachtman in his split from trotskyism in 1940. macdonald subsequently dropped out of marxist politics altogether.	the split emerged in the late 1930s, this time over the question of the class nature of the soviet union with both macdonald and spector siding with shachtman in his split from the international in 1940. macdonald subsequently dropped out of marxist politics altogether.
adams was generally seen as a spokesman for the irish republican movement which encompassed sinn fin and the paramilitary provisional ira, an illegal terrorist organisation in the united kingdom and the republic of ireland.	adams was generally seen as a spokesman for the irish republican movement which encompassed sinn fin and the paramilitary provisional ira, an illegal organisation in the united kingdom and the republic of ireland.
the upper east side of the new york city borough of manhattan arguably hosts the largest concentration of individual wealth in the world.	the upper east side of the new york city borough of manhattan hosts the largest concentration of individual wealth in the world.
that same year he was accepted as a member of the prestigious athenaeum literary association, a school-sponsored literary and social club that had been founded at male high in 1862. its members at the time were generally drawn from louisvilles wealthy upper-class families, and included porter bibb, who would later be the first publisher of rolling stone and biographer of broadcasting entrepreneur ted turner.	that same year he was accepted as a member of the athenaeum literary association, a school-sponsored literary and social club that had been founded at male high in 1862. its members at the time were generally drawn from louisvilles wealthy upper-class families, and included porter bibb, who would later be the first publisher of rolling stone and biographer of broadcasting entrepreneur ted turner.
she comes in as a second-level csi to the understaffed las vegas unit, which is still shaken by the shooting of warrick brown.	she comes in as a csi to the understaffed las vegas unit, which is still shaken by the shooting of warrick brown.
egyptologists such as professors flinders petrie concluded that these circular proportions were deliberately chosen for symbolic reasons by the old kingdom scribes and architects .	egyptologists such as professors flinders petrie thought that these circular proportions were deliberately chosen for symbolic reasons by the old kingdom scribes and architects .
the jordan river (in traditional english river jordan) ( nahar hayarden; nahr al-urdun) is a -long river in west asia flowing to the dead sea.	the jordan river (in older english river jordan) ( nahar hayarden; nahr al-urdun) is a -long river in west asia flowing to the dead sea.
the flat earth society (also known as the international flat earth society or international flat earth research society) is an organization that furthers the belief that the earth is flat rather than a sphere.	the flat earth society (also known as the international flat earth society or international flat earth research society) is an organization that seeks to further the belief that the earth is flat rather than a sphere.
repairing open mail relays	closing open mail relays
the current (2009) carbon nanotube technology allows growing tubes up to a few tens of centimeters only .	the current (2009) carbon nanotube technology allows growing tubes up to a few tens of centimeters.
"the album 1984 was praised by critics and fans alike, peaking at #2 on the billboard charts behind the stratospherically popular thriller by michael jackson (eddie van halen played the guitar solo on the hit song ""beat it,"" from that album)."	"the album 1984 was praised by critics and fans alike, peaking at #2 on the billboard charts behind the popular thriller by michael jackson (eddie van halen played the guitar solo on the hit song ""beat it,"" from that album)."
the small number of species found in our waters is partly because australia is the driest continent on earth.	the small number of species found in australian inland waters is partly because australia is the driest continent on earth.
"in april 2008, deputy new zealand first party leader peter brown drew widespread praise after voicing similar views and expressing concern at the increase in new zealand's ethnic asian population: ""we are going to flood this country with asian people with no idea what we are going to do with them when they come here."""	"in april 2008, deputy new zealand first party leader peter brown drew widespread attention after voicing similar views and expressing concern at the increase in new zealand's ethnic asian population: ""we are going to flood this country with asian people with no idea what we are going to do with them when they come here."""
she was buried not far from her cottage, which unfortunately burned in the 1914 fire that destroyed the appledore house hotel.	she was buried not far from her cottage, which burned in the 1914 fire that destroyed the appledore house hotel.
action replayy (formerly action replay ) is indian science-fiction romantic-comedy film hindi language indian film being directed by vipul shah and starring akshay kumar and aishwarya rai in lead roles.	action replayy (formerly action replay ) is indian romantic-comedy film hindi language indian film being directed by vipul shah and starring akshay kumar and aishwarya rai in lead roles.
nathan johnson, co-protagonist in the 2008 barack obama assassination plot in denver	nathan johnson, conspirator in the 2008 barack obama assassination plot in denver
doris gertrude sheppard (1902–1982) was a notable new zealand pianist, singer, composer and teacher.	doris gertrude sheppard (1902–1982) was a new zealand pianist, singer, composer and teacher.
the prc's politically revision of goguryeo history in an attempt to recharacterize it as a chinese provincial state rather than an independent korean kingdom has received international criticism from numerous scholars from other countries such as the united states, russia, mongolia, and australia, including prominent goguryeo experts such as mark byington of harvard university korea institute, and r. sh.	the prc's revision of goguryeo history in an attempt to recharacterize it as a chinese provincial state rather than an independent korean kingdom has received international criticism from numerous scholars from other countries such as the united states, russia, mongolia, and australia, including prominent goguryeo experts such as mark byington of harvard university korea institute, and r. sh.
"however, the term zero point energy has also become associated with a highly controversial area of human endeavor the design and invention of so-called ""free energy"" devices, similar to perpetual motion machines in the past, and with a similar lack of success."	"however, the term zero point energy has also become associated with a highly controversial area of human endeavor the design and invention of so-called ""free energy"" devices, similar to perpetual motion machines in the past, and with a similar level of success."
there are many different types of miracles and powers that gautama buddha is known to have possessed and exercised on many occasions.	there are many different types of miracles and powers that gautama buddha is said to have possessed and exercised on many occasions.
paul butler was convicted at the age of 17 of murdering a royal ulster constabulary officer, and he spent 15 years in jail as a result.	paul butler was convicted at the age of 17 of killing a royal ulster constabulary officer, and he spent 15 years in jail as a result.
fascist japan also seemed willing and ready to detach the far eastern provinces from the ussr.	japan also seemed willing and ready to detach the far eastern provinces from the ussr.
"because of her numerous top-rated teleserye and box office hits movies she has been given the fitting title of the ""optimum star"" in the philippines."	"because of her numerous top-rated teleserye and box office hits movies she has been given the title of the ""optimum star"" in the philippines."
however templates are enormously useful within c++, especially when combined with multiple inheritance and operator overloading.	however templates are useful within c++, especially when combined with multiple inheritance and operator overloading.
in addition to the above building activity, a planning appeal against the decision by the national park authority to reject retrospective permission for the construction of rubble track by the owners of the farm (on unlawful occupied farming land) was refused by the planning inspectorate	in addition to the above building activity, a planning appeal against the decision by the national park authority to reject retrospective permission for the construction of rubble track by the owners of the farm (on tenant occupied farming land) was refused by the planning inspectorate
katheryn elizabeth hudson (born october 25, 1984), known by her stage name katy perry, is an american grammy-nominated singer-songwriter and musician.	katheryn elizabeth hudson (born october 25, 1984), known by her stage name katy perry, is an american singer-songwriter and musician.
with the election /installation of george w. bush, many of pnac's members were appointed to key positions within the new president's administration:	with the election of george w. bush, many of pnac's members were appointed to key positions within the new president's administration:
file:a beautiful hand pump in village bado.jpg|a beautiful hand pump in village bado, near shikarpur sindh, pakistan.	file:a beautiful hand pump in village bado.jpg|a hand pump in village bado, near shikarpur sindh, pakistan.
she inherited a trust fund from her grandfather, william c. whitney and on her father's passing in 1927, she received a large part of the family fortune.	she inherited a trust fund from her grandfather, william c. whitney and on her father's death in 1927, she received a large part of the family fortune.
in littman's use, it denotes a conspiracy theory, where european and arab powers aim to islamise and arabise europe, thereby weakening its native culture and undermining previous alignment with the u.s. and israel.	in littman's use, it denotes a conspiracy theory, where european and arab powers aim to islamise and arabise europe, thereby weakening its existing culture and undermining previous alignment with the u.s. and israel.
central among them is the thesis that jesus is most likely a mythic figure, a claim disputed by some contemporary new testament scholars and historians.	central among them is the thesis that jesus is most likely a mythic figure, a claim disputed by many contemporary new testament scholars and historians.
even so, various officials (including the foreign minister) have apologised to the chagossians for long-ago wrongdoing, while still disputing that the deportees have a right to be repatriated at this time.	even so, various officials (including the foreign minister) have apologised to the chagossians for wrongdoing, while still disputing that the deportees have a right to be repatriated at this time.
congratulations i'm sorry, was released in 1996 by a&m records and is the gin blossoms's follow-up album to the immensely successful new miserable experience.	congratulations i'm sorry, was released in 1996 by a&m records and is the gin blossoms's follow-up album to the successful new miserable experience.
after helping to coordinate the isolation and embargo of rhodesia, and especially after his support for legitimizing terrorist activity by black nationalists, todd was widely condemned as a traitor by white rhodesians.	after helping to coordinate the isolation and embargo of rhodesia, and especially after his support for legitimizing guerrilla activity by black nationalists, todd was widely condemned as a traitor by white rhodesians.
hanscom afb does not even have its own runways; it uses the runways of hanscom field, a civilian airport located immediately adjacent to the air force base.	hanscom afb does not have its own runways; it uses the runways of hanscom field, a civilian airport located immediately adjacent to the air force base.
the albion hotel unfortunately burnt down on february 10 2009, losing years worth of history and memorabilia.	the albion hotel burnt down on february 10 2009, losing years worth of history and memorabilia.
intelligence tests come in many forms, and some tests use a single type of item or question.	iq tests come in many forms, and some tests use a single type of item or question.
the late 1960s and early 1970s saw the rise of student activism, nationalistic demonstrations, and protests against the vietnam war and the american imperialism.	the late 1960s and early 1970s saw the rise of student activism, nationalistic demonstrations, and protests against the vietnam war and american imperialism.
kevin james andrews (born 9 november 1955), is a right-wing australian politician and is currently the minister for immigration and citizenship in the howard government.	kevin james andrews (born 9 november 1955), is a conservative australian politician and is currently the minister for immigration and citizenship in the howard government.
heidelberg castle is a famous ruin in germany and landmark of heidelberg.	heidelberg castle is a ruin in germany and landmark of heidelberg.
built between 1740 and 1800 as a pleasure palace for the decadent 18th century libertine and dilettante sir francis dashwood, the house is a long rectangle with four faades that are columned and pedimented, three theatrically so.	built between 1740 and 1800 as a pleasure palace for the 18th century libertine and dilettante sir francis dashwood, the house is a long rectangle with four faades that are columned and pedimented, three theatrically so.
in 1999 it was poorly converted into a multiscreen cinema.	in 1999 it was converted into a multiscreen cinema.
and wheel of fortune before moving to the dt2 subchannel of rival wboc-tv.	and wheel of fortune before moving to the dt2 subchannel of wboc-tv.
the highly popular comedy meet the parents spawned a 2004 sequel with the cleverly eponymous title, meet the fockers.	the highly popular comedy meet the parents spawned a 2004 sequel with the eponymous title, meet the fockers.
vermilion is one of the oldest pigments used by man .	vermilion is one of the oldest pigments used by human beings .
charles e. beard (november 17, 1920 april 24, 2006) was a noted librarian in the state of georgia, having aided in a variety of programs, won numerous awards, and even had an award named after him by the georgia library association.	charles e. beard (november 17, 1920 april 24, 2006) was a noted librarian in the state of georgia, having aided in a variety of programs, won numerous awards, and had an award named after him by the georgia library association.
michael seidman has revealed other contradictions with workers' self-management during the spanish revolution.	michael seidman has suggested there were other contradictions with workers' self-management during the spanish revolution.
alain nasreddine (born july 10, 1975) is a professional ice hockey defenceman .	alain nasreddine (born july 10, 1975) is a professional ice hockey defence player .
the wrong decision drew immediate comparisons with geoff hurst's goal during the 1966 world cup final.	the decision drew immediate comparisons with geoff hurst's goal during the 1966 world cup final.
archaeological evidence in britain seems to indicate driving on the left and old roman roads in turkey showed romans used the right hand side of the road.	archaeological evidence in britain seems to indicate driving on the left and old roman roads in turkey suggest romans used the right hand side of the road.
helen lederer, comedienne and actress	helen lederer, comedian and actress
our spine is made up of a complex chain of ligaments, fascia, bone, muscles and inter-vertebral discs which is required to be both stable and flexible.	the human spine is made up of a complex chain of ligaments, fascia, bone, muscles and inter-vertebral discs which is required to be both stable and flexible.
boris petrovich gerasimovich (; — june, 1937) was a ukrainian and soviet astronomer and astrophysicist.	boris petrovich gerasimovich (; — june, 1937) was a russian and soviet astronomer and astrophysicist.
lee's film do the right thing was nominated for an academy award for best original screenplay in 1989. his moving documentary 4 little girls was nominated for the best feature documentary academy award in 1997.	lee's film do the right thing was nominated for an academy award for best original screenplay in 1989. his documentary 4 little girls was nominated for the best feature documentary academy award in 1997.
msf first began work in srebrenica (in bosnia and herzegovina) as part of a un convoy in 1993, one year after the bosnian civil war had begun.	msf first began work in srebrenica (in bosnia and herzegovina) as part of a un convoy in 1993, one year after the bosnian war had begun.
kate moss - english supermodel	kate moss - english model
since the epoch-making commentary of rudolf bultmann in 1941, the hypothesis of a semeia source (miracle) has gained rather wide acceptance.	since the commentary of rudolf bultmann in 1941, the hypothesis of a semeia source (miracle) has gained rather wide acceptance.
activities include the mega snow coaster, which was once the largest tubing park in north america, snowmobile tours, kids snow mobile rides, sleigh riding, dog sleds, snowshoeing through big white's beautiful trails, and ice skating on the olympic sized outdoor rink with a breathtaking view.	activities include the mega snow coaster, which was once the largest tubing park in north america, snowmobile tours, kids snow mobile rides, sleigh riding, dog sleds, snowshoeing through big white's beautiful trails, and ice skating on the olympic sized outdoor rink with a scenic view.
7 world trade center is the name of two buildings in new york city: the first opened in 1987 and was demolished on september 11, 2001; its replacement, the first world trade center address to be rebuilt, was finished in 2006.	7 world trade center is the name of two buildings in new york city: the first opened in 1987 and was destroyed on september 11, 2001; its replacement, the first world trade center address to be rebuilt, was finished in 2006.
david wicks (n beale) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michael french.	david wicks (n beale) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michael french.
a circadian rhythm is a roughly-24-hour cycle in the biochemical, physiological or behavioural processes of living beings , including plants, animals, fungi and cyanobacteria.	a circadian rhythm is a roughly-24-hour cycle in the biochemical, physiological or behavioural processes of living entities , including plants, animals, fungi and cyanobacteria.
dominionism describes, in several distinct ways, a tendency among some conservative politically-active christians to seek influence or control over secular civil government through political action aiming either at a nation governed by christians or a nation governed by a conservative christian understanding of biblical law.	dominionism describes, in several distinct ways, an alleged tendency among some conservative politically-active christians to seek influence or control over secular civil government through political action aiming either at a nation governed by christians or a nation governed by a conservative christian understanding of biblical law.
on august 15, 1920, the soviet general august kork of the 15th army mounted an unsuccessful defence of the town against the polish fourth army of general leonard skierski, before continuing its retreat eastward under pressure from the triumphant polish forces.	on august 15, 1920, the soviet general august kork of the 15th army mounted an unsuccessful defence of the town against the polish fourth army of general leonard skierski, before continuing its retreat eastward under pressure from the polish forces.
a large number of sources incorrectly attribute this incident to u-120.	a large number of sources attribute this incident to u-120 .
the kooks are an amazing band originating from brighton, england.	the kooks are an indie rock band originating from brighton, england.
hoyt richards (born 1962) is an american supermodel and actor.	hoyt richards (born 1962) is an american model and actor.
salt evaporation ponds are shallow man-made ponds designed to produce salts from sea water or other brines.	salt evaporation ponds are shallow artificial ponds designed to produce salts from sea water or other brines.
in 2017 one of the most popular demolition derby series is the tour of destruction the features school bus racing, trailer racing, car soccer and a large demolition derby.	in 2017 one of the most popular demolition derby series is the tour of destruction which features school bus racing, trailer racing, car soccer and a large demolition derby.
he consistently works with directors betty thomas (dr. dolittle, 28 days, i spy), john schultz (judy moody and the not bummer summer, like mike, the honeymooners), the aforementioned michael rymer, and has worked with actress/ comedienne /writer/producer tracey ullman on all of her projects since her arrival in los angeles.	he consistently works with directors betty thomas (dr. dolittle, 28 days, i spy), john schultz (judy moody and the not bummer summer, like mike, the honeymooners), the aforementioned michael rymer, and has worked with actress/ comedian /writer/producer tracey ullman on all of her projects since her arrival in los angeles.
the roman catholic church still considers homosexual behavior a sin, but has clearly stated that homosexual desire itself is not.	the roman catholic church considers homosexual behavior a sin, but has clearly stated that homosexual desire itself is not.
the powerpuff girls revolves around the adventures of blossom, bubbles, and buttercup, three cute little girls with superpowers.	the powerpuff girls revolves around the adventures of blossom, bubbles, and buttercup, three little girls with superpowers.
another excellent feature is a full blown music editor allowing the player to create their own custom tunes, using the touch screen to select the notes.	another feature is a full blown music editor allowing the player to create their own custom tunes, using the touch screen to select the notes.
among the main racial group of caucasians there are three subgroups; nordic, alpine, and mediterranean.image: improvhuxleyraces .png|huxley's map of racial categories from on the geographical distribution of the chief modifications of mankind (1870).	among the main racial group of caucasians there are three subgroups; nordic, alpine, and mediterranean.image: huxley races .png|huxley's map of racial categories from on the geographical distribution of the chief modifications of mankind (1870).
eventually, however, the illicit activities of a few members would be superimposed on the social program work performed by the panthers, and this mischaracterization would lose them support in both the white and black communities.	eventually, however, the illicit activities of a few members would be superimposed on the social program work performed by the panthers, and this characterization would lose them support in both the white and black communities.
but whenever the issue was raised while he was president, he was either apathetic toward or opposed to gay rights.	but whenever the issue was raised while he was president, he was either neutral toward or opposed to gay rights.
"and warns against the ""extremely damaging and harmful policies"" proposed by governments to mitigate anthropogenic global warming."	"and warns against what it calls ""extremely damaging and harmful policies"" proposed by governments to mitigate anthropogenic global warming."
school district 20 kootenay-columbia operates anglophone public schools.	school district 20 kootenay-columbia operates public schools.
simmons returned to prominence several years after the end of his football career when he was recruited by japanese professional wrestling legend hiro matsuda.	simmons returned to prominence several years after the end of his football career when he was recruited by japanese professional wrestling hiro matsuda.
the song was also featured on the rival true crime: new york city soundtrack and tony hawk's proving ground.	the song was also featured on the true crime: new york city soundtrack and tony hawk's proving ground.
i don't care about your band: what i learned from indie rockers, trust funders, pornographers, faux-sensitive hipsters, felons and other guys i've dated is an autobiographical memoir written by comedienne julie klausner.	i don't care about your band: what i learned from indie rockers, trust funders, pornographers, faux-sensitive hipsters, felons and other guys i've dated is an autobiographical memoir written by comedian julie klausner.
they thought that nh should normally be produced on grains (directly or indirectly) at about the same rate per atom as oh ( hydroxide )and possibly ch (methine).	they thought that nh should normally be produced on grains (directly or indirectly) at about the same rate per atom as oh (hydroxyl ) and possibly ch (methine).
light yagami is an extremely intelligent young man who resents all things evil.	light yagami is an intelligent young man who resents all things evil.
on 1 may 2009 tivoli opened the new cool ride vertigo, a looping plane ride where the rider pilots the ride, able to control the plane.	on 1 may 2009 tivoli opened the new ride vertigo, a looping plane ride where the rider pilots the ride, able to control the plane.
"as the royal navy outnumbered all their fleets combined, the alliance as a military measure was what catherine later called it, an ""armed nullity""."	"as the british navy outnumbered all their fleets combined, the alliance as a military measure was what catherine later called it, an ""armed nullity""."
night markets are also hosted in various areas of north america to celebrate the asian culture .	night markets are also hosted in various areas of north america to celebrate the chinese culture .
in june 2006, was wrong'' was released, in which sungenis makes his scientific case for modern geocentrism.	in june 2006, was wrong'' was released, in which sungenis makes his case for modern geocentrism.
no place to be is an album release from hasidic reggae star matisyahu.	no place to be is an album release from hasidic reggae artist matisyahu.
in response, the prada company agreed to relocate offices in the netherlands and luxembourg to italy in order to handle any tax problems.	in response, the prada company agreed to relocate offices in the netherlands and luxembourg to italy in order to avoid any tax problems.
we wish you a metal x-mas and a headbanging new year (2008, a heavy metal christmas album created in association with black ion music, a company co-owned by kulick and renowned talent manager wendy dio) featuring a who's who of rock and roll royalty including bruce kulick, ronnie james dio, alice cooper, tommy shaw, lemmy kilmister, dave grohl, vinny appice, chuck billy, billy f. gibbons	we wish you a metal x-mas and a headbanging new year (2008, a heavy metal christmas album created in association with black ion music, a company co-owned by kulick and talent manager wendy dio) featuring a who's who of rock and roll royalty including bruce kulick, ronnie james dio, alice cooper, tommy shaw, lemmy kilmister, dave grohl, vinny appice, chuck billy, billy f. gibbons
on august 20, 2011, pilot bryan jensen was tragically killed when his plane crashed during the kansas city air expo.	on august 20, 2011, pilot bryan jensen was killed when his plane crashed during the kansas city air expo.
"pro-cannabis advocates in modern times interpret various parts of the new testament to mean that the ""new wine"" which jesus provided at the wedding feast was actually cannabis but most scholars would refute this."	"pro-cannabis advocates in modern times interpret various parts of the new testament to mean that the ""new wine"" which jesus provided at the wedding feast was actually cannabis but most scholars would dispute this."
rosie o'donnell, stand-up comedienne , actress, singer, author and media personality	rosie o'donnell, stand-up comedian , actress, singer, author and media personality
note: none of the above is supported by the quran.	note: according to manty muslims, one of the above is supported by the quran.
"the resort styles itself ""the surfing capital of britain"", and is infamous for the summer ""run to the sun"", when multitudes of young persons descend on the town in vw camper vans and similar vehicles."	"the resort styles itself ""the surfing capital of britain"", and is also known for the summer ""run to the sun"", when multitudes of young persons descend on the town in vw camper vans and similar vehicles."
the influential popes of the catholic church called volunteer armies from across europe to a series of crusades against the infidels , who occupied the holy land.	the influential popes of the catholic church called volunteer armies from across europe to a series of crusades against the seljuq turks , who occupied the holy land.
during the communist regime of josip broz tito, punik was one of the most outspoken slovenian critics of dictatorship and lack of civil liberties in yugoslavia.	during the communist rule of josip broz tito, punik was one of the most outspoken slovenian critics of dictatorship and lack of civil liberties in yugoslavia.
"titled ""futbol meets football"", it pairs him with nfl star reggie bush in a 13-week television, radio, and online blitz by adidas ."	"titled ""futbol meets football"", it pairs him with nfl player reggie bush in a 13-week television, radio, and online blitz by adidas ."
vladimir the great (also (saint) vladimir of kiev; , volodimr svtoslavi, old norse valdamarr gamli; c. 958 15 july 1015, berestove) was a prince of novgorod, grand prince of kiev, and ruler of kievan rus' from 980 to 1015.	volodymyr the great (also (saint) vladimir of kiev; , volodimr svtoslavi, old norse valdamarr gamli; c. 958 15 july 1015, berestove) was a prince of novgorod, grand prince of kiev, and ruler of kievan rus' from 980 to 1015.
"alberta has traditionally had three political parties, the progressive conservatives (""conservatives"" or ""tories""), the centrist liberals, and the social democratic new democrats."	"alberta has traditionally had three political parties, the progressive conservatives (""conservatives"" or ""tories""), the liberals, and the social democratic new democrats."
"muslims note that the text of genesis as it stands, despite specifying isaac, states that abraham was told to sacrifice his only son (""take now thy son, thine only son, whom thou lovest, even isaac,"" jewish publication society translation, genesis/bereshit 22:2) to god."	"muslims note that the text of genesis as it stands, despite specifying isaac, appears to state that abraham was told to sacrifice his only son (""take now thy son, thine only son, whom thou lovest, even isaac,"" jewish publication society translation, genesis/bereshit 22:2) to god."
much debate is proceeding about the proper bounds between protection of copyright, trademark and patent rights versus fair use and the public domain, where some argue that such laws have shifted greatly towards intellectual property owners and away from the interests of the general public in recent years, while others say that such legal change is needed to deal with the threat of new technologies against the rights of authors and artists (or, as others put it, against the outmoded business models of the current entertainment industry).	much debate is proceeding about the proper bounds between protection of copyright, trademark and patent rights versus fair use and the public domain, where some argue that such laws have shifted greatly towards intellectual property owners and away from the interests of the general public in recent years, while others say that such legal change is needed to deal with a perceived threat of new technologies against the rights of authors and artists (or, as others put it, against the outmoded business models of the current entertainment industry).
judith anne dorothea blunt-lytton, 16th baroness wentworth also known as lady wentworth (6 february 1873 – 8 august 1957) was a british peeress , arabian horse breeder and real tennis player.	judith anne dorothea blunt-lytton, 16th baroness wentworth also known as lady wentworth (6 february 1873 – 8 august 1957) was a british peer , arabian horse breeder and real tennis player.
repeated attempts by ilga to reacquire special status with the u.n. were finally successful in 2006.	repeated attempts by ilga to reacquire special status with the u.n. were eventually successful in 2006.
in august 1976, the irish republican army carried out six bomb attacks in the town, which destroyed several buildings - including parts of the main street - but caused no deaths, thanks to telephoned warnings.	in august 1976, the irish republican army carried out six bomb attacks in the town, which destroyed several buildings - including parts of the main street - but caused no deaths, due to telephoned warnings.
"some cults , such as the church of scientology, insist that the practice is still commonplace, and they often make statements that their critics and opponents are ""deprogrammers."""	"some nrms , such as the church of scientology, insist that the practice is still commonplace, and they often make statements that their critics and opponents are ""deprogrammers."""
"one school of thought, siegmund freud and ahmed osman being among the proponents, notes that historically, monotheism began with akhenaten, the ""heretical"" pharaoh of egypt, in the fourteenth century bc."	"one school of thought, siegmund freud and ahmed osman being among the proponents, asserts that historically, monotheism began with akhenaten, the ""heretical"" pharaoh of egypt, in the fourteenth century bc."
but two days later on june 22, the grand jury was dismissed as a result of the excessive media coverage which might influence the grand jurys ability .	but two days later on june 22, the grand jury was dismissed as a result of the excessive media coverage which might influence the grand jurys neutrality .
the symptoms of this depression were scurriously passed off as drunkenness by the libelles.	the symptoms of this depression were passed off as drunkenness by the libelles.
in 2012 speirs was named south australian young community leader of the year in the prestigious channel 9 young achievers awards.	in 2012 speirs was named south australian young community leader of the year in the channel 9 young achievers awards.
the film is dedicated to the memory of yelchin, who died a month prior to the film's release, as well as to fellow star trek actor leonard nimoy, who died during pre-production.	the film is dedicated to the memory of yelchin, who died a month prior to the film's release, as well as to star trek actor leonard nimoy, who died during pre-production.
however, four dnfs in five races were capped when skeen was tragically killed in the 1965 southern 500 at darlington raceway.	however, four dnfs in five races were capped when skeen was killed in the 1965 southern 500 at darlington raceway.
after the dayton agreement in 1995, some albanians organized into the kosovo liberation army (kla), employing guerilla-style tactics against the repressive serbian police forces.	after the dayton agreement in 1995, some albanians organized into the kosovo liberation army (kla), employing guerilla-style tactics against the serbian police forces.
1960 – apartheid: sharpeville massacre, south africa: police open fire on a group of unarmed black south african demonstrators, killing 69 and wounding 180.	1960 – apartheid: sharpeville massacre, south africa: police open fire on a group of black south african demonstrators, killing 69 and wounding 180.
several observers have pronounced jones the best all-around defensive center fielder since san francisco's incomparable willie mays.	several observers have pronounced jones the best all-around defensive center fielder since san francisco's willie mays.
masry achieved notoriety beyond his own community when albert finney portrayed him opposite julia roberts in the 2000 academy award-winning film, erin brockovich.	masry achieved recognition beyond his own community when albert finney portrayed him opposite julia roberts in the 2000 academy award-winning film, erin brockovich.
how's that for neutral, useful information?	how's that for neutral, encyclopedic information?
because modern science tries to rely on the minimization of a priori assumptions, error, and subjectivity, as well as on avoidance of baconian idols, it remains neutral on subjective subjects such as religion or morality.	because modern science tries to rely on the minimization of a priori assumptions, error, and subjectivity, as well as on avoidance of baconian idols, it attempts to remain neutral on subjective subjects such as religion or morality.
there have been numerous objections to evolution since alternative evolutionary ideas came to be hotly debated around the start of the nineteenth century.	there have been numerous objections to evolution since alternative evolutionary ideas came to be debated around the start of the nineteenth century.
the child catcher is a fictional and nightmarish character from the beloved film and theatrical productions of chitty chitty bang bang.	the child catcher is a fictional and nightmarish character from the film and theatrical productions of chitty chitty bang bang.
minnesota, illinois, the canadian province of ontario, and the canadian indian reservation of walpole island, but only on water boundaries in the great lakes system.	minnesota, illinois, the canadian province of ontario, and the canadian indian territory of walpole island, but only on water boundaries in the great lakes system.
the fictional island may also be based on the island nation of grenada which was a commonwealth country that had suffered a communist coup before the united states invaded it on 25 october 1983 and restored the democratic government.	the fictional island may also be based on the island nation of grenada which was a commonwealth country that had experienced a communist coup before the united states invaded it on 25 october 1983 and restored the democratic government.
before opeth, david was in legendary swedish black metal combo procreation (1989-1991).	before opeth, david was in the swedish black metal combo procreation (1989-1991).
currently he is not considered a mainstream sunni scholar; however, his aggressive and emotional rhetoric against hezbollah's crimes in syria has gained him headlines and controversy, along with attracting many supporters and followers disillusioned with the traditionally sunni future movement party and the leadership of saad hariri.	currently he is not considered a mainstream sunni scholar; however, his aggressive and emotional rhetoric against hezbollah's intervention in syria has gained him headlines and controversy, along with attracting many supporters and followers disillusioned with the traditionally sunni future movement party and the leadership of saad hariri.
is a popular japanese manga, anime, and video game series, originally created by yoichi takahashi in 1981. the series mainly revolves around the sport of football (soccer).	is a japanese manga, anime, and video game series, originally created by yoichi takahashi in 1981. the series mainly revolves around the sport of football (soccer).
in 1993, he was awarded the prestigious united states military academy's sylvanus thayer award.	in 1993, he was awarded the united states military academy's sylvanus thayer award.
india is generally preferred as an emerging superpower by the united states, because of its democratic institutions and large english-speaking population, which is largely a remnant of india being a british colony until 1947. india's democratic government contrasts sharply to china's oppressive authoritarian regime.	india is generally preferred as an emerging superpower by the united states, because of its democratic institutions and large english-speaking population, which is largely a remnant of india being a british colony until 1947. india's democratic government contrasts sharply to china's authoritarian regime.
he became the commander of the police's southern command in october 2002 and from there appointed general commissioner on august 1, 2004. during this time, he oversaw the preparation and participation of the police in israel's unilateral disengagement plan of the summer of 2005. karadi was criticized for some of the dubious police suppressive tactics used against protesters.	he became the commander of the police's southern command in october 2002 and from there appointed general commissioner on august 1, 2004. during this time, he oversaw the preparation and participation of the police in israel's unilateral disengagement plan of the summer of 2005. karadi was criticized for some of the police suppressive tactics used against protesters.
the modern russian catholic church owes much to the inspiration of visionary poet and philosopher vladimir sergeyevich solovyov (1853-1900), who urged, following dante, that, just as the world needed the tsar as a universal monarch, the church needed the pope of rome as a universal ecclesial hierarch.	the modern russian catholic church owes much to the inspiration of poet and philosopher vladimir sergeyevich solovyov (1853-1900), who urged, following dante, that, just as the world needed the tsar as a universal monarch, the church needed the pope of rome as a universal ecclesial hierarch.
on december 21, 2012, one week after the sandy hook massacre , wayne lapierre, chief executive of the national rifle association, held a news conference repeating the nra's opposition to gun control.	on december 21, 2012, one week after the sandy hook elementary school shooting , wayne lapierre, chief executive of the national rifle association, held a news conference repeating the nra's opposition to gun control.
they are judged by supermodel tyra banks and her panel of judges, and win a modeling contract with a top modeling agency, a cover and/or spread in a magazine, and a cosmetics campaign.	they are judged by model tyra banks and her panel of judges, and win a modeling contract with a top modeling agency, a cover and/or spread in a magazine, and a cosmetics campaign.
andr weil (may 6, 1906 - august 6, 1998) was one of the great mathematicians of the 20th century.	andr weil (may 6, 1906 - august 6, 1998) was one of the most influential mathematicians of the 20th century.
and most major tony wins went to the latter, including to carol channing for her portrayal of dolly, triumphing over both miss lillie and barbra streisand for funny girl.	and most major tony wins went to the latter, including to carol channing for her portrayal of dolly, winning over both miss lillie and barbra streisand for funny girl.
dianetics appeared as a complete system of published self-improvement techniques in the book dianetics: the modern science of mental health (dmsmh isbn 1403105464), a comprehensive work detailing hubbard's discoveries and techniques.	dianetics was presented as a complete system of published self-improvement techniques in the book dianetics: the modern science of mental health (dmsmh isbn 1403105464), a comprehensive work detailing hubbard's discoveries and techniques.
the region was occupied for a short time by the donetsk peoples republic but was liberated by the donbass battalion, which consists of locals from the donetsk region.	the region was occupied for a short time by the donetsk peoples republic but was reoccupied by the donbass battalion, which consists of locals from the donetsk region.
grexit, the british-advocated concept of greece reintroducing a national currency and leaving the eurozone	grexit, the concept of greece reintroducing a national currency and leaving the eurozone
her passing was mourned by the populace of acre; her funeral was attended by muslims, christians and druze people.	her death was mourned by the populace of acre; her funeral was attended by muslims, christians and druze people.
doctor anthony trueman is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by british actor nicholas bailey.	doctor anthony trueman is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by british actor nicholas bailey.
"actually, the competent aqis has announced with date of 2009-06-06 that the alternative of radiation processing for cat feed is no longer acceptable and that irradiated dog feed needs to be labeled by ""must not be fed to cats""."	"actually, the aqis has announced with date of 2009-06-06 that the alternative of radiation processing for cat feed is no longer acceptable and that irradiated dog feed needs to be labeled by ""must not be fed to cats""."
"an 18 september 2007 an article on the anti-corporate media lens website titled ""the media ignore credible poll revealing 1.2 million violent deaths in iraq"" commented:"	"an 18 september 2007 an article on the media lens website titled ""the media ignore credible poll revealing 1.2 million violent deaths in iraq"" commented:"
torcs (the open racing car simulator) is an open source 3d car racing simulator available for gnu/ linux, freebsd, mac os x, aros, morphos and microsoft windows.	torcs (the open racing car simulator) is an open source 3d car racing simulator available for linux, freebsd, mac os x, aros, morphos and microsoft windows.
the effectiveness of the powerful venetian fortifications as well as the strength of some old byzantine castles in angelokastro, kassiopi castle, gardiki and elsewhere, were additional factors that enabled corfu to remain free .	the effectiveness of the powerful venetian fortifications as well as the strength of some old byzantine castles in angelokastro, kassiopi castle, gardiki and elsewhere, were additional factors that enabled corfu to remain unconquered by ottoman empire .
on the august 22, 2005 broadcast of the 700 club, robertson called for the assassination of venezuelan president hugo chvez, a hero to many leftists in latin america.	on the august 22, 2005 broadcast of the 700 club, robertson called for the assassination of venezuelan president hugo chvez, a hero to many people in latin america.
"the ""responder"" in this case simply receives the remainder of the endowment not allocated by the proposer to herself ."	"the ""responder"" in this case simply receives the remainder of the endowment not allocated by the proposer to themself ."
this compound famously appears in the lithograph print waterfall by m.c.	this compound appears in the lithograph print waterfall by m.c.
html elements form the building blocks of all basic websites.	html elements form the building blocks of all websites.
the political liberalization taiwan experienced leading up to the official end of martial law on july 15, 1987, opened a new public arena for dissenting voices and political movements against the centralized policy of the kmt regime , which had controlled the discourse of culture and politics on taiwan.	the political liberalization taiwan experienced leading up to the official end of martial law on july 15, 1987, opened a new public arena for dissenting voices and political movements against the centralized policy of the kmt, which had controlled the discourse of culture and politics on taiwan.
one fascinating trait of the ncs is its inhibition by lysergic acid diethylamide and psilocin, two serotonin antagonist hallucinogens.	one trait of the ncs is its inhibition by lysergic acid diethylamide and psilocin, two serotonin antagonist hallucinogens.
ironically , once in berlin, owens was able to freely use public transportation and enter bars and other public facilities without the difficulty he would face as a black man in the united states.	however , once in berlin, owens was able to freely use public transportation and enter bars and other public facilities without the difficulty he would face as a black man in the united states.
online discussion of todd's personality issues	online discussion of todd's personality
arsenio farell cubillas (june 30, 1921 – may 15, 2005) was a controversial mexican politician affiliated to the institutional revolutionary party (pri).	arsenio farell cubillas (june 30, 1921 – may 15, 2005) was a mexican politician affiliated to the institutional revolutionary party (pri).
d began production in 1994 for the ill-fated 3do console.	d began production in 1994 for the 3do console.
playing in their first world cup for 32 years, the socceroos came from behind to defeat japan 3–1, and, despite losing 0–2 to brazil, a 2–2 draw with croatia was enough to give the australians a place in the round of 16 in a remarkable game where two players were sent-off for second bookings and one for a third booking by hapless english referee graham poll.	playing in their first world cup for 32 years, the socceroos came from behind to defeat japan 3–1, and, despite losing 0–2 to brazil, a 2–2 draw with croatia was enough to give the australians a place in the round of 16 in a remarkable game where two players were sent-off for second bookings and one for a third booking by english referee graham poll.
the port of playa welcomes all the cruise-ship lines, including royal caribbean, carnival cruise lines, ncl, holland america line, disney cruise line and others.	the port of playa services all the cruise-ship lines, including royal caribbean, carnival cruise lines, ncl, holland america line, disney cruise line and others.
the college boasts a diverse collection of dorms and halls, ranging from an 18th-century tavern, to a renovated 19th-century carriage house, to the newly built, eco-friendly marblehead hall, purchased over the years as the college's student population grew.	the college has a diverse collection of dorms and halls, ranging from an 18th-century tavern, to a renovated 19th-century carriage house, to the newly built, eco-friendly marblehead hall, purchased over the years as the college's student population grew.
but life in new york, though a bit neurotic, is essentially normal, filled with feeling, caring people whose reality is hardly reflected in old myths about urbanism goes back to stories of babylon.	but life in new york, though a bit neurotic, is essentially normal, filled with feeling, caring people whose reality is hardly reflected in old myths about urbanism that go back to stories of babylon.
while the wounded officer was being brought under cover he was unfortunately killed by a bullet.	while the wounded officer was being brought under cover he was killed by a bullet.
during that decade he made the memorial juscelino kubitschek (1980), the pantheon (1985) and the latin america memorial (1987), the last a beautiful sculpture representing the wounded hand of jesus, whose wound bleeds in the shape of central and south america.	during that decade he made the memorial juscelino kubitschek (1980), the pantheon (1985) and the latin america memorial (1987), the last a sculpture representing the wounded hand of jesus, whose wound bleeds in the shape of central and south america.
december 1 – bette midler, american actress, comedienne and singer	december 1 – bette midler, american actress, comedian and singer
those who remained were massacred by the regime.	those who remained were killed by the regime.
other major companies headquartered here include mylan and general nutrition center.	other major companies headquartered in pittsburgh include mylan and general nutrition center.
jacques martin (born june 22, 1933 in lyon) is a beloved french tv host and producer.	jacques martin (born june 22, 1933 in lyon) is a french tv host and producer.
"the song was the result of a bizarre telephone friendship that began after clooney heard fischer's song ""oh god, please send me a kid to love."""	"the song was the result of a telephone friendship that began after clooney heard fischer's song ""oh god, please send me a kid to love."""
gein was also the inspiration for norman bates in the alfred hitchcock masterpiece psycho as well as leatherface in the texas chain saw massacre.	gein was also the inspiration for norman bates in the alfred hitchcock film psycho as well as leatherface in the texas chain saw massacre.
peter calver still owns supersoft and audiogenic, but now runs lostcousins, a leading family history website.	peter calver still owns supersoft and audiogenic, but now runs lostcousins, a family history website.
the independent film won the prestigious palme d'or at the cannes film festival, became a worldwide commercial success and — along with quentin tarantino's pulp fiction — greatly contributed to the 1990s independent film revolution.	the independent film won the palme d'or at the cannes film festival, became a worldwide commercial success and — along with quentin tarantino's pulp fiction — greatly contributed to the 1990s independent film revolution.
slush is also used to describe a food that is a refreshing mixture of ice, sugar and fruit.	slush is also used to describe a food that is a mixture of ice, sugar and fruit.
rik emmett (born july 10 1953 in toronto, ontario) is a vocalist, virtuoso guitarist, and founding member of the canadian rock band triumph.	rik emmett (born july 10 1953 in toronto, ontario) is a vocalist, guitarist, and founding member of the canadian rock band triumph.
nationwide, only 62% of students with disabilities attending public schools graduate high school.	nationwide, 62% of students with disabilities attending public schools graduate high school.
the nation, a thai anti-thaksin newspaper, published several reports alleging corruption in the purchase of x-ray baggage scanning devices for the airport.	the nation, a thai newspaper, published several reports alleging corruption in the purchase of x-ray baggage scanning devices for the airport.
"in his sublime poem ""ballad of reading gaol"", wilde wrote:"	"in his poem ""ballad of reading gaol"", wilde wrote:"
william x. o'brien (23 january 1881 – 31 october 1968) was an influential teachta dla (td) and trade unionist in ireland.	william x. o'brien (23 january 1881 – 31 october 1968) was an teachta dla (td) and trade unionist in ireland.
5 in april 2005. gaudio's most significant title win came at the 2004 french open, where he famously defeated fellow argentine guillermo coria, 06, 36, 64, 61, 86, in the final.	5 in april 2005. gaudio's most significant title win came at the 2004 french open, where he defeated fellow argentine guillermo coria, 06, 36, 64, 61, 86, in the final.
ron moody (born ronald moodnick; 8 january 1924 11 june 2015) was a british actor, best known for his golden globe-winning and oscar-nominated performance as fagin in oliver!	ron moody (born ronald moodnick; 8 january 1924 11 june 2015) was a british actor, known for his golden globe-winning and oscar-nominated performance as fagin in oliver!
"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, usa) is an american virtuoso guitarist and former guitar instructor."	"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, usa) is an american guitarist and former guitar instructor."
philippine national railways operates two main-line railway lines within metro manila, all part of the once-flourishing luzon railway system.	philippine national railways operates two main-line railway lines within metro manila, all part of the luzon railway system.
death by a thousand cuts investigates the use of slow slicing or lingchi, a barbaric form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-imperial china from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905. lingchi involved repeatedly slicing the convict's flesh beyond the point of death.	death by a thousand cuts investigates the use of slow slicing or lingchi, a form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-imperial china from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905. lingchi involved repeatedly slicing the convict's flesh beyond the point of death.
following the declaration of the establishment of the state of israel, may 14, 1948, six arab states invaded palestine and engaged israeli forces.	following the declaration of the establishment of the state of israel, may 14, 1948, six arab states entered palestine and engaged israeli forces.
despite its small size tulehu is known to be the birthplace of many famous indonesian footballers.	despite its small size tulehu is known to be the birthplace of several famous indonesian footballers.
"the project triggered a campaign of sexist harassment that amanda marcotte in slate magazine described as an ""absolute avalanche of misogynist abuse"", in which ""every access point they could exploit was used to try to get to her""."	"the project triggered a campaign of harassment that amanda marcotte in slate magazine described as an ""absolute avalanche of misogynist abuse"", in which ""every access point they could exploit was used to try to get to her""."
the twin cities have always had a large jewish population and are home to several jewish synagogues.	the twin cities have always had a jewish population and are home to several jewish synagogues.
the rpta was formed in 1985 as the result of phoenix-area voters approving a one-half percent sales tax increase for long-overdue expansion of the local freeway system, and for expansion of mass transit.	the rpta was formed in 1985 as the result of phoenix-area voters approving a one-half percent sales tax increase for expansion of the local freeway system, and for expansion of mass transit.
boss tweed was accurately portrayed in the 2002 film gangs of new york.	boss tweed was portrayed in the 2002 film gangs of new york.
the apocryphal book of 2 maccabees 6:1, 2 talks of king antiochus iv (epiphanes), who in his attempt to stamp out the jewish religion, directed that the temple at jerusalem be profaned and rededicated to zeus (jupiter olympius).	the deuterocanonical book of 2 maccabees 6:1, 2 talks of king antiochus iv (epiphanes), who in his attempt to stamp out the jewish religion, directed that the temple at jerusalem be profaned and rededicated to zeus (jupiter olympius).
"grayfolded is an album produced by john oswald featuring the legendary grateful dead song ""dark star""."	"grayfolded is an album produced by john oswald featuring the grateful dead song ""dark star""."
some pretend that the eu can no longer refuse turkey, as it has had an open candidacy for over 40 years, and has made major improvements in human rights in order to try to satisfy the entry conditions.	some maintain that the eu can no longer refuse turkey, as it has had an open candidacy for over 40 years, and has made major improvements in human rights in order to try to satisfy the entry conditions.
on october 3, 1951 , nbc aired the first coast-to-coast baseball telecast as the brooklyn dodgers were beaten by the new york giants in the final game of a playoff series by the score of 5-4 (off bobby thomson's now-legendary home run).	on october 3, 1951 , nbc aired the first coast-to-coast baseball telecast as the brooklyn dodgers were beaten by the new york giants in the final game of a playoff series by the score of 5-4 (off bobby thomson's home run).
in response, the cffc maintains that roman catholicism is an individual choice and, the cffc is an advocacy group of pro- abortion roman catholics, not a sanctioned catholic organization.	in response, the cffc maintains that roman catholicism is an individual choice and, the cffc is an advocacy group of pro- choice roman catholics, not a sanctioned catholic organization.
jehovah's witnesses regard secular society as a place of moral contamination under the control of satan, and limit their social interaction with non-witnesses.	jehovah's witnesses regard secular society as a place of moral contamination under the influence of satan, and limit their social interaction with non-witnesses.
in samoa, the film was banned by popular film censor lei'ataua olo'apu.	in samoa, the film was banned by film censor lei'ataua olo'apu.
notable ho-chunk people	famous ho-chunk people
"the term comes from the classical greek (enkuklios paideia), literally ""a general education"", and was first used to refer to a work by croat paul skali in his book encyclopaedia seu orbis disciplinarum tam sacrarum quam prophanarum epistemon (""encyclopaedia, or knowledge of the world of disciplines"")(basel, 1559)."	"the term comes from the classical greek (enkuklios paideia), literally ""a general education"", and was first used to refer to a work by paul skali in his book encyclopaedia seu orbis disciplinarum tam sacrarum quam prophanarum epistemon (""encyclopaedia, or knowledge of the world of disciplines"")(basel, 1559)."
gisele caroline nonnenmacher bndchen (born july 20, 1980) is a brazilian supermodel .	gisele caroline nonnenmacher bndchen (born july 20, 1980) is a brazilian model .
turkana iv - site of a failed federation colony that fell into anarchy and eventually severed ties to the federation.	turkana iv - site of a failed federation colony that fell into chaos and eventually severed ties to the federation.
"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy (though he also said that he should've raised his objections at the time ), contending that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and alleging that he did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble""."	"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy (though he also said that he should've raised his objections at the time ), contending that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and stating that he did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble""."
it produced 62 hp (the chevrolet engine produced only 60hp) by virtue of a modified intake manifold.	it produced 62 hp (the chevrolet engine produced 60hp) by virtue of a modified intake manifold.
"he saw it through to publication in 1983 and wrote the introduction, in which he rightly praises orpheus as ""the evolution of consciousness made flesh, the thing itself in human form, the myth made fact as imaginative experience."""	"he saw it through to publication in 1983 and wrote the introduction, in which he praises orpheus as ""the evolution of consciousness made flesh, the thing itself in human form, the myth made fact as imaginative experience."""
there was no way for these small phone companies to identify the culprits of these brute-force hacks.	there was no way for these small phone companies to identify the culprits of these hacks.
the povray renderer or a c compiler).	the pov-ray renderer or a c compiler).
the slavic peoples that settled in the region of macedonia accepted christianity as their own religion around the 9th century, during the reign of prince boris i of macedonia , and these lands became part of the bulgarian empire.	the slavic peoples that settled in the region of macedonia accepted christianity as their own religion around the 9th century, during the reign of prince boris i of bulgaria , and these lands became part of the bulgarian empire.
truth and certainty and faculty firings	truth and certainty and faculty issues
on 11 march 2014, key announced in a speech his intention to hold a referendum, during the next parliamentary term, on adopting a new flag.	on 11 march 2014, key announced in a speech his intention to hold a referendum, during the next parliamentary term, on whether or not to adopt a new flag.
legend bob dylan (born robert allen zimmerman, may 24, 1941), is an american singer-songwriter, author, musician, and poet who has been a major figure in popular music for five decades.	bob dylan (born robert allen zimmerman, may 24, 1941), is an american singer-songwriter, author, musician, and poet who has been a major figure in popular music for five decades.
alex exposes that bush and kerry are actually cousins (see who were in skull and bones together, among other things.	alex mentions that bush and kerry are actually cousins (see who were in skull and bones together, among other things.
in early copies of the north american super nintendo entertainment system version of the game, sketch was infuriatingly glitch-ridden (mostly when used on invisible or otherwise atypical enemies) due to an uninitialized pointer.	in early copies of the north american super nintendo entertainment system version of the game, sketch was notoriously glitch-ridden (mostly when used on invisible or otherwise atypical enemies) due to an uninitialized pointer.
the player had to start from the beginning every time he /she ran out of continues or reset the console.	the player had to start from the beginning every time he ran out of continues or reset the console.
in july 2005, graham secured the declassification and release of memoranda outlining concerns made by senior military lawyers as early as 2003 about the legality of the torture of prisoners held at guantanamo bay.	in july 2005, graham secured the declassification and release of memoranda outlining concerns made by senior military lawyers as early as 2003 about the legality of the interrogations of prisoners held at guantanamo bay.
director james cameron returns to the site of the legendary wreck of the titanic.	director james cameron returns to the site of the wreck of the titanic .
whatever their differences, the deadheads are rightly considered to be the most devoted fans of in the rock world.	whatever their differences, the deadheads are often considered to be the most devoted fans of in the rock world.
the kurdistan workers party ( or pkk, ), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a terrorist group, whose stated aim is to create a democratic and independent kurdish state in a territory — which it claims as kurdistan — that consists of parts of south-eastern turkey, north-eastern iraq, north-eastern syria and north-western iran.	the kurdistan workers party ( or pkk, ), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a militant group, whose stated aim is to create a democratic and independent kurdish state in a territory — which it claims as kurdistan — that consists of parts of south-eastern turkey, north-eastern iraq, north-eastern syria and north-western iran.
general fulgencio batista y zaldvar (january 16, 1901 – august 6, 1973) was the de facto leader of cuba from 1933 to 1940 and the country's de jure president from 1940 to 1944 and dictator , after a coup, from 1952 to 1959.	general fulgencio batista y zaldvar (january 16, 1901 – august 6, 1973) was the de facto leader of cuba from 1933 to 1940 and the country's de jure president from 1940 to 1944 and the country's unchallenged leader , after a coup, from 1952 to 1959.
on july 22, 2016, hillary clinton announced that she had selected kaine to be her vice presidential running mate in the 2016 presidential election, and the 2016 democratic national convention nominated him on july 27. the clinton-kaine ticket lost the election to the trump-pence ticket on november 8, 2016, despite possibly winning the popular vote.	on july 22, 2016, hillary clinton announced that she had selected kaine to be her vice presidential running mate in the 2016 presidential election, and the 2016 democratic national convention nominated him on july 27. the clinton-kaine ticket lost the election to the trump-pence ticket on november 8, 2016, despite winning the popular vote.
bessarabia is illegitimately annexed by imperial russia.	bessarabia is annexed by imperial russia.
in tajiki persian , its lyrics are:	in tajiki, its lyrics are:
one very important aspect of swab summer is the pep program.	one important aspect of swab summer is the pep program.
advantageously low business taxesthe maximum tax rate is 18%as well as easy rules of incorporation have induced about 73,700 holding (or so-called 'letter box') companies to establish nominal offices in liechtenstein.	relatively low business taxesthe maximum tax rate is 18%as well as easy rules of incorporation have induced about 73,700 holding (or so-called 'letter box') companies to establish nominal offices in liechtenstein.
the charles engelhard foundation, headed by his wife after his death and by their children following her passing in 2004, provides funding to a wide range of causes including education, medical research, cultural institutions, and wildlife and conservation organizations.	the charles engelhard foundation, headed by his wife after his death and by their children following her death in 2004, provides funding to a wide range of causes including education, medical research, cultural institutions, and wildlife and conservation organizations.
this persisted until some of their leaders, the national indian brotherhood, the inuit tapirisat of canada, and the native council of canada (now the congress of aboriginal peoples), were temporarily appeased by the addition of sections 25 and 35 to the constitution act, 1982.	this persisted until some of their leaders, the national indian brotherhood, the inuit tapirisat of canada, and the native council of canada (now the congress of aboriginal peoples), were appeased by the addition of sections 25 and 35 to the constitution act, 1982.
the igbo erroneously referred to as ibo are one of the largest single ethnicities in africa.	the igbo sometimes (especially formerly) referred to as ibo are one of the largest single ethnicities in africa.
loose change (2005, 2006, 2007, 2009) is a series of documentary films written and directed by dylan avery, and produced by korey rowe, jason bermas and matthew brown.	loose change (2005, 2006, 2007, 2009) is a series of films written and directed by dylan avery, and produced by korey rowe, jason bermas and matthew brown.
kerry's second tour of duty as commander of a swift boat	kerry's four month tour of duty as commander of a swift boat
redirect human rights situation in post-saddam iraq	redirect human rights situation in iraq
other ambassadors also sent their messages of condolence following her passing .	other ambassadors also sent their messages of condolence following her death .
it won a place for the eurovision final on may 16. unfortunately they finished in last place out of 25 entries with 22 points.	it won a place for the eurovision final on may 16. they finished in last place out of 25 entries with 22 points.
this was probably at least in part due to mismanagement; she had fatally decided to be out of the country for the csce summit (conference on security and co-operation in europe) in paris, and her advisors appear to have underestimated the seriousness of the matter and the need to campaign, and the need to cajole potentially wavering supporters and reassure them in order to achieve the necessary first round win and put paid to talk of doubts.	this was probably at least in part due to mismanagement; she had fatally decided to be out of the country for the csce summit (conference on security and co-operation in europe) in paris, and her advisors appear to have underestimated the seriousness of the matter and the need to campaign, and the nene to cajole potentially wavering supporters and reassure them in order to achieve the necessary first round win and put paid to talk of doubts.
he was killed by the provisional irish republican army at his family home, tynan abbey.	he was murdered by the provisional irish republican army at his family home, tynan abbey.
elizabeth lee wurtzel (born july 31, 1967) is an american writer and journalist, best known for publishing her memoir, the best-selling prozac nation, at the age of 26, in the memoir genre in general.	elizabeth lee wurtzel (born july 31, 1967) is an american writer and journalist, known for publishing her memoir, the best-selling prozac nation, at the age of 26, in the memoir genre in general.
"white even launched a new series, ""girlie whirls,"" as musical-comedy vehicles for plump comedienne muriel landers; only one film was made before white reassigned her to one of the stooge comedies."	"white even launched a new series, ""girlie whirls,"" as musical-comedy vehicles for plump comedian muriel landers; only one film was made before white reassigned her to one of the stooge comedies."
a more detailed proposed definition of technical and service network neutrality suggests that service network neutrality is the adherence to the paradigm that operation of a service at a certain layer is not influenced by any data other than the data interpreted at that layer, and in accordance with the protocol specification for that layer.	a more detailed proposed definition of technical and service network neutrality suggests that service network neutrality is the loyalty to the paradigm that operation of a service at a certain layer is not influenced by any data other than the data interpreted at that layer, and in accordance with the protocol specification for that layer.
alumnus of the cole normale suprieure de saint-cloud, he has written popular books, most notably 101 experiments in the philosophy of everyday life, which has been translated into twenty-two languages.	alumnus of the cole normale suprieure de saint-cloud, he has written numerous books, most notably 101 experiments in the philosophy of everyday life, which has been translated into twenty-two languages.
"variations include using a weight, or to do some extra movements, as visionary joanna rohrback recommends in what she calls ""prancercising,"" or using a ""springy, rhythmic way of moving forward, similar to a horse's gait."""	"variations include using a weight, or to do some extra movements, as joanna rohrback recommends in what she calls ""prancercising,"" or using a ""springy, rhythmic way of moving forward, similar to a horse's gait."""
her work was twice included in the prestigious whitney biennial.	her work was twice included in the whitney biennial.
the book tentatively will cover the same material in greyhawk ruins, but updated to dungeons and dragons v.3.5 rules and with some aspects changed to better reflect the bloated roleplaying of today.	the book tentatively will cover the same material in greyhawk ruins, but updated to dungeons and dragons v.3.5 rules and with some aspects changed to better reflect the roleplaying of today.
patton's colorful image, hard-driving personality and success as a commander were at times overshadowed by his politically inept statements in the press.	patton's colorful image, hard-driving personality and success as a commander were at times overshadowed by his politically incorrect statements in the press.
"cyril of alexandria in his commentary on the gospel of john repeatedly uses another variation, ""the god and father"", but pusey's translation of cyril's work consistently mistranslates the phrase as ""god the father"", perhaps to conform to the biblical and common english phrase ""god the father."""	"cyril of alexandria in his commentary on the gospel of john repeatedly uses another variation, ""the god and father"", but pusey's translation of cyril's work consistently renders the phrase as ""god the father"", perhaps to conform to the biblical and common english phrase ""god the father."""
"pierce is infamous for his 2003 globe magazine profile of ted kennedy in which he stated: ""if she had lived, mary jo kopechne would be 62 years old."	"pierce is noted for his 2003 globe magazine profile of ted kennedy in which he stated: ""if she had lived, mary jo kopechne would be 62 years old."
the west wing is a popular and widely-acclaimed american television liberal serial drama created by aaron sorkin for nbc which has aired since 1999. the show is currently airing episodes on sunday evenings at 8:00p (e/p), and is in its seventh season.	the west wing is a popular and widely-acclaimed american television serial drama created by aaron sorkin for nbc which has aired since 1999. the show is currently airing episodes on sunday evenings at 8:00p (e/p), and is in its seventh season.
on june 18, 2013, a teaser banner was revealed at licensing expo 2013, boasting a 2015 release.	on june 18, 2013, a teaser banner was revealed at licensing expo 2013, giving a 2015 release.
humour ( properly spelled humor) is the ability or quality of people, objects, or situations to evoke feelings of amusement in other people.	humour ( also spelled humor) is the ability or quality of people, objects, or situations to evoke feelings of amusement in other people.
"for a brilliant philosophical exegesis of early romantic theory focused on f. schlegel, novalis, and the athenaeum see philippe lacoue-labarthe and jean-luc nancy ""the literary absolute: the theory of literature in german romanticism"" (1978)."	"for a philosophical exegesis of early romantic theory focused on f. schlegel, novalis, and the athenaeum see philippe lacoue-labarthe and jean-luc nancy ""the literary absolute: the theory of literature in german romanticism"" (1978)."
"olbermann has obsessively named o'reilly his worst person in the world"", while o'reilly has petitioned for the ouster of olbermann from msnbc and the return of phil donahue to olbermann's time slot saying that donahue's ratings far exceeded olbermann's."	"olbermann has repeatedly named o'reilly his worst person in the world"", while o'reilly has petitioned for the ouster of olbermann from msnbc and the return of phil donahue to olbermann's time slot saying that donahue's ratings far exceeded olbermann's."
united states housing market correction	united states housing market collapse
one day, tyrell sends his diva girlfriend tina carlyle (cameron diaz) into stanley's bank to record its layout, in preparation to rob the bank.	one day, tyrell sends his singer girlfriend tina carlyle (cameron diaz) into stanley's bank to record its layout, in preparation to rob the bank.
sapi 4.0 was available on microsoft-based operating systems as a third-party add-on for systems like windows 95 and windows 98. windows 2000 finally added a speech synthesis program called narrator, directly available to users.	sapi 4.0 was available on microsoft-based operating systems as a third-party add-on for systems like windows 95 and windows 98. windows 2000 added a speech synthesis program called narrator, directly available to users.
ahmad sa'adat (also transliterated from arabic as ahmed sadat/saadat, arabic: )(born 1954) is a palestinian terrorist , and secretary-general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp), a militant palestinian group.	ahmad sa'adat (also transliterated from arabic as ahmed sadat/saadat, arabic: )(born 1954) is a palestinian politician , and secretary-general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp), a militant palestinian group.
of all the monsters and villains, the ones that arguably most secured the series' place in the public's imagination were the daleks.	of all the monsters and villains, the ones that most secured the series' place in the public's imagination were the daleks.
major railway closures may have been considered afresh since beeching's time, but apart from the brief ripple caused by the impotent serpell report in 1982, they have not been formally proposed again.	major railway closures may have been considered afresh since beeching's time, but apart from the brief ripple caused by the serpell report in 1982, they have not been formally proposed again.
he had entered italy between the insubres and a liguriantribe called the taurini, after whom the romans were to name their later colony of turin.	he had entered italy between the insubres and a ligurian tribe called the taurini, after whom the romans were to name their later colony of turin.
tennessee was the last of the southern states to secede from the union, but saw more than its share of the devastation resulting from years of warring armies criss-crossing the state.	tennessee was the last of the southern states to declare secession from the union, but saw more than its share of the devastation resulting from years of warring armies criss-crossing the state.
in july 1944 vilnius was re-occupied by the soviet army and the polish armia krajowa (see operation ostra brama).	in july 1944 vilnius was taken from the germans by the soviet army and the polish armia krajowa (see operation ostra brama).
which is claimed to be an ancient system of architecture and design, revived by maharishi mahesh yogi.	which is said to be an ancient system of architecture and design, revived by maharishi mahesh yogi.
milchan produced many successful films such as the war of the roses, once upon a time in america, pretty woman, natural born killers, the devil's advocate and l.a. confidential.	milchan produced many films such as the war of the roses, once upon a time in america, pretty woman, natural born killers, the devil's advocate and l.a. confidential.
in february 2006, the prospect high school mock trial team won the santa clara county championship by crushing defending champion palo alto high school.	in february 2006, the prospect high school mock trial team won the santa clara county championship by defeating defending champion palo alto high school .
jo, zette and jocko appear on the rear covers of some editions of the adventures of tintin series but never appear in the stories, while there are a few cheeky allusions to the cosmos of the tintin adventures within the jo, zette and jocko albums.	jo, zette and jocko appear on the rear covers of some editions of the adventures of tintin series but never appear in the stories, while there are a few allusions to the cosmos of the tintin adventures within the jo, zette and jocko albums.
she has aroused attention because of her uncompromising views.	she has aroused attention because of her strong and isolating views.
against this revisionist tradition, an important essay by michael kimmelman, chief art critic of the new york times, called revisiting the revisionists: the modern, its.	against this revisionist tradition, an essay by michael kimmelman, chief art critic of the new york times, called revisiting the revisionists: the modern, its.
it is a not-for-profit trade association, founded in 1982, and is a premiere provider of many vendor-neutral it certifications.	it is a not-for-profit trade association, founded in 1982, and is a provider of many vendor-neutral it certifications.
international security assistance force (6) (isaf) is an international stabilization force in afghanistan led by nato and consisting of about 32,000 personnel from 37 nations as of october 5 2006.	international security assistance force (6) (isaf) is an international military force in afghanistan led by nato and consisting of about 32,000 personnel from 37 nations as of october 5 2006.
johanne seizberg, (1732 - 1772), was a danish artist, draughtswoman , and illustrator, and a teacher.	johanne seizberg, (1732 - 1772), was a danish artist, drawing artist , and illustrator, and a teacher.
the byway, which stretches along nc 226 to marion, is designated for its spectacular views of the south mountains.	the byway, which stretches along nc 226 to marion, is designated for its extensive views of the south mountains.
the english stole their land while the men were out hunting, and for some reason, the natives never attacked the settlement in response.	the english seized their land while the men were out hunting, and for some reason, the natives never attacked the settlement in response.
hold the line is a hit song written by david paich and recorded by american rock group toto.	hold the line is a song written by david paich and recorded by american rock group toto.
on his passing in 1963, at the age of 70, tuttle was interred in the westwood village memorial park cemetery in los angeles.	on his death in 1963, at the age of 70, tuttle was interred in the westwood village memorial park cemetery in los angeles.
a personal subjective experience of the hijras in this festival is shown in the fascinating documentary india's ladyboys, by bbc three.	a personal subjective experience of the hijras in this festival is shown in the documentary india's ladyboys, by bbc three.
since the trade, the avalanche have won eight division titles and two stanley cup championships, due in large part to the play of forsberg, and the later addition of patrick roy, whom the avalanche received in a later package deal that included thibault.	since the trade, the avalanche have won eight division titles and two stanley cup championships, due in part to the play of forsberg, and the later addition of patrick roy, whom the avalanche received in a later package deal that included thibault.
link playing the legendary ocarina of time	link playing the ocarina of time
instead, death of the sandman series appears as an attractive, although pale, young woman dressed in casual clothes - often a black top and jeans.	instead, death of the sandman series appears as an attractive, pale, young woman dressed in casual clothes - often a black top and jeans.
"dutch racist politician geert wilders placed the cartoons on his website ""to support the danish cartoonists and to stand up for freedom of speech."""	"dutch conservative politician geert wilders placed the cartoons on his website ""to support the danish cartoonists and to stand up for freedom of speech."""
mi-case is a powerful web-based case management solution that enables clients (offenders) to be tracked through their cycle of interventions and maintain a continuity of treatment and/or attention.	mi-case is a web-based case management solution that enables clients (offenders) to be tracked through their cycle of interventions and maintain a continuity of treatment and/or attention.
"the reporter later published a sensationalist article designating her and fellow actors judd nelson, ally sheedy, emilio estevez, rob lowe, andrew mccarthy, demi moore, mare winningham, and anthony michael hall as the ""brat pack."""	"the reporter later published a article designating her and fellow actors judd nelson, ally sheedy, emilio estevez, rob lowe, andrew mccarthy, demi moore, mare winningham, and anthony michael hall as the ""brat pack."""
edmund spenser (c. 1552 – 13 january, 1599) was an important english poet and poet laureate best known for the faerie queene, an epic poem celebrating, through fantastical allegory, the tudor dynasty and elizabeth i.	edmund spenser (c. 1552 – 13 january, 1599) was an english poet and poet laureate best known for the faerie queene, an epic poem celebrating, through fantastical allegory, the tudor dynasty and elizabeth i.
melissa howard actress- comedienne , mtv real world new orleans cast.	melissa howard actress- comedian , mtv real world new orleans cast.
many thinkers point to the concept of citizenship beginning in the early city-states of ancient greece, although others see it as primarily a modern phenomenon dating back only a few hundred years and, for mankind , that the concept of citizenship arose with the first laws.	many thinkers point to the concept of citizenship beginning in the early city-states of ancient greece, although others see it as primarily a modern phenomenon dating back only a few hundred years and, for humanity , that the concept of citizenship arose with the first laws.
the magus (1801) is a purported handbook on occult and magic by francis barrett.	the magus (1801) is a handbook on occult and magic by francis barrett.
in the senate she focused on support of gay rights, authored legislation to crack down on illegal guns and gun traffickers, went back on her former support of gun rights, and flip-flopped her views on immigration through support of the dream act; she is best known for successfully advocating both the repeal of don't ask, don't tell and the adoption of the james zadroga 9/11 health and compensation act.	in the senate she focused on support of gay rights, authored legislation to crack down on illegal guns and gun traffickers, went back on her former support of gun rights, and reversed her views on immigration through support of the dream act; she is best known for successfully advocating both the repeal of don't ask, don't tell and the adoption of the james zadroga 9/11 health and compensation act.
in june 1901, he moved into a fine new villa on the lake in maiernigg, carinthia .	in june 1901, he moved into a new villa on the lake in maiernigg, carinthia .
historically, vuwsa has had a reputation as a radical left-wing organisation.	historically, vuwsa has had a reputation as a left-wing organisation.
almanzo wilder was born the fifth of six children to successful farmers james (18131899) and angeline day wilder (18211905) on their farm near malone, new york.	almanzo wilder was born the fifth of six children to farmers james (18131899) and angeline day wilder (18211905) on their farm near malone, new york.
the governing body, the scottish rugby union (sru), is one of only ten first-tier member nations of world rugby.	the governing body, the scottish rugby union (sru), is one of the ten first-tier member nations of world rugby.
the jockey club gold cup, established in 1919, is a prestigious thoroughbred flat race open to horses of either gender three-years-old and up.	the jockey club gold cup, established in 1919, is a thoroughbred flat race open to horses of either gender three-years-old and up.
through the sales of handmade merchandise and community outreach, the cvsa has effectively created a solid fan base for the victory.	through the sales of handmade merchandise and community outreach, the cvsa has effectively created a fan base for the victory.
her dog defecated on the floor of the subway car and, when asked by other elderly riders, she rudely declined to clean up after it.	her dog defecated on the floor of the subway car and, when asked by other elderly riders, she declined to clean up after it.
"chevelle uses it in their epic new single ""face to the floor""."	"chevelle uses it in their new single ""face to the floor""."
the story was ignored by the japanese press until 1971, when japanese historian katsuichi honda brought the issue to the attention of the public with a series of articles published in the mainichi shimbunthe modern-day descendant of the tokyo nichi nichi shimbun.	the story was unreported by the japanese press until 1971, when japanese historian katsuichi honda brought the issue to the attention of the public with a series of articles published in the mainichi shimbunthe modern-day descendant of the tokyo nichi nichi shimbun.
concealing of shin corp. shares	transfer of shin corp. shares
john madden is a legendary american football coach and football announcer.	john madden is a american football coach and football announcer.
the beautiful nueces river is a river in the u.s. state of texas, approximately 315 mi (507 km) long.	the nueces river is a river in the u.s. state of texas, approximately 315 mi (507 km) long.
goldhagen refused the journal's invitation for a full rebuttal, and instead enlisted a high-powered london law firm to sue birn and the cambridge university press.	goldhagen refused the journal's invitation for a full rebuttal, and instead enlisted a london law firm to sue birn and the cambridge university press.
on daydream nation, sonic youth perfected their style, becoming virtusoso sculptors of the interweaving guitar noise that could unfold with nearly symphonic grandeur.	on daydream nation, sonic youth perfected their style, becoming sculptors of the interweaving guitar noise that could unfold with nearly symphonic grandeur.
syracuse upset connecticut, 127-117, in a six-overtime thriller of the big east conference tournament quarterfinals.	syracuse upset connecticut, 127-117, in a six-overtime game of the big east conference tournament quarterfinals.
65 million years bc - a dinosaur stamps on the piece of land that will soon be jamie's house	65 million bc - a dinosaur stamps on the piece of land that will soon be jamie's house
"kenny be has been a witty cartoonist for westword since 1982. he creates two cartoons per week: ""worst case scenario"", a page dedicated to denver issues; ""hip tip"" is a single frame which is published in most of the village voice weeklies."	"kenny be has been a cartoonist for westword since 1982. he creates two cartoons per week: ""worst case scenario"", a page dedicated to denver issues; ""hip tip"" is a single frame which is published in most of the village voice weeklies."
jordan is the son of former nba great michael jordan who played for the local chicago bulls.	jordan is the son of former nba mvp michael jordan who played for the local chicago bulls.
three hurricanes hit florida this season (cleo, dora and isbell), the first time this has happened since 1886 and the last time it would happen until the memorable 2004 season.	three hurricanes hit florida this season (cleo, dora and isbell), the first time this has happened since 1886 and the last time it would happen until the 2004 season.
in demonology, aim (aka aym or haborym) is a fictional great duke of hell, very strong, and rules over twenty-six legions of demons.	in demonology, aim (aka aym or haborym) is a great duke of hell, very strong, and rules over twenty-six legions of demons.
a workman finishes the heel of a guitar at the martin guitar factory in nazareth, pa	a worker finishes the heel of a guitar at the martin guitar factory in nazareth, pa
beryl reid, the comedienne , grew up in manchester where she attended withington and levenshulme high schools.	beryl reid, the comedian , grew up in manchester where she attended withington and levenshulme high schools.
in 2008, they changed all the text of their main page to the aurebesh language, and directed vistitors to wookieepedia's sister site darthipedia (which was actually the star wars humor wiki) to see english language versions of wookieepedia articles.	in 2008, they changed all the text of their main page to the aurebesh language, and directed vistitors to wookieepedia's ugly stepsister site darthipedia (which was actually the star wars humor wiki) to see english language versions of wookieepedia articles.
"on january 16, she was recruited by ea games to help promote their new expansion pack ""the sims 3: showtime"" for their popular the sims game franchise."	"on january 16, she was recruited by ea games to help promote their new expansion pack ""the sims 3: showtime"" for their the sims game franchise."
"the united states first provided economic and technical assistance to tunisia under a bilateral agreement signed march 26, 1957. the u.s. agency for international development (usaid) managed a successful program until its departure in 1994, when tunisia's economic advances led to the country's ""graduation"" from usaid funding."	"the united states first provided economic and technical assistance to tunisia under a bilateral agreement signed march 26, 1957. the u.s. agency for international development (usaid) managed a program until its departure in 1994, when tunisia's economic advances led to the country's ""graduation"" from usaid funding."
"hypergamy (colloquially referred to as ""marrying up"") is a term used in social science for the act or practice of a woman marrying a man of higher caste or social status than themselves ."	"hypergamy (colloquially referred to as ""marrying up"") is a term used in social science for the act or practice of a woman marrying a man of higher caste or social status than herself ."
although nuclear power is clearly a low carbon power generation source, its legal inclusion with renewable energy power sources has been the subject of debate.	although nuclear power is considered a low carbon power generation source, its legal inclusion with renewable energy power sources has been the subject of debate.
"an atmospheric scientist j. m. wallace (u. of washington, atmospheric sciences) outlined nrc report and its conclusion that the claims of unprecedented temperatures in the last decades can only be phrased as ""plausible"" (2:1 odds in favour)."	"an atmospheric scientist j. m. wallace (u. of washington, atmospheric sciences) outlined nrc report and its conclusion that the claims of unprecedented temperatures in the last decades can be phrased as ""plausible"" (2:1 odds in favour)."
he committed suicide after being falsely accused of being a homosexual.	he committed suicide after being accused of being a homosexual.
there is great variety of dance in the united states.	there is variety of dance in the united states.
the grammatical gender of words in the diminutive is always neutral , regardless of the original gender of the words.	the grammatical gender of words in the diminutive is always neuter , regardless of the original gender of the words.
the game suffered from myriad bugs at launch according to consumers.	the game suffered from several bugs at launch according to consumers.
fascinating oral histories provided by survivors and their children that tell of the holocaust from the perspective of northeast ohioans.	oral histories provided by survivors and their children that tell of the holocaust from the perspective of northeast ohioans.
he was briefly a conservative candidate for a supervisor to represent chico on the butte county board of supervisors, but family pressures and a heavy workload at the school board left him unable to mount an effective campaign and he withdrew in favor of steve bertagna .	he was briefly a candidate for a supervisor to represent chico on the butte county board of supervisors, but family pressures and a heavy workload at the school board left him unable to mount an effective campaign and he withdrew in favor of steve bertagna .
osama bin laden had been living in afghanistan along with other members of al-qaeda, operating terrorist training camps having a loose alliance with the taliban.	osama bin laden had been living in afghanistan along with other members of al-qaeda, operating militant training camps having a loose alliance with the taliban.
at her husband's wish, katie and the children travelled with him to the cult leader john alexander dowie's zion city, a township about 40 miles north of chicago.	at her husband's wish, katie and the children travelled with him to the religious leader john alexander dowie's zion city, a township about 40 miles north of chicago.
the 2008 mumbai terrorist attacks (often referred to as november 26th or 26/11) were more than ten coordinated shooting and bombing attacks across mumbai, india's largest city, by islamists from pakistan.	the 2008 mumbai terrorist attacks (often referred to as november 26th or 26/11) were more than ten coordinated shooting and bombing attacks across mumbai, india's largest city, by attackers from pakistan.
in a smart twist, the second verse took the story a step further by revealing that the woman was pregnant but the man could not find any happiness in the announcement because of the extra pressure a baby would put upon him.	in a twist, the second verse took the story a step further by revealing that the woman was pregnant but the man could not find any happiness in the announcement because of the extra pressure a baby would put upon him.
the original scientific name was meganthropus paleojavanicus, and while it is very commonly considered invalid today, the genus name has survived as something of an informal nickname for the fossils.	the original scientific name was meganthropus paleojavanicus, and while it is commonly considered invalid today, the genus name has survived as something of an informal nickname for the fossils.
bonds has also won a record negative seven mvp awards, his closest competitors trailing with eighty.	bonds has also won a record seven mvp awards, his closest competitors trailing with eighty.
a quaint, long-humble residential neighborhood descending into the spokane river gorge just west of downtown, peaceful valley is now benefiting from surrounding upscale development in browne's addition, kendall yards and west downtown.	a quaint, long-humble residential neighborhood descending into the spokane river gorge just west of downtown, peaceful valley is now undergoing change from surrounding upscale development in browne's addition, kendall yards and west downtown.
shortly after his passing , her mother moved both her and her brother to bakersfield, ca.	shortly after his death , her mother moved both her and her brother to bakersfield, ca.
the turtle bayou resolutions were signed by settlers during the anahuac disturbances, which played a role in the destruction of texas from mexico and the creation of the republic of texas.	the turtle bayou resolutions were signed by settlers during the anahuac disturbances, which played a role in the secession of texas from mexico and the creation of the republic of texas.
"in her 2003 memoir, she would attribute her decision to stay married to love : ""no one understands me better and no one can make me laugh the way bill does."	"in her 2003 memoir, she would attribute her decision to stay married to: ""no one understands me better and no one can make me laugh the way bill does."
these byte shop numbers have often mistakenly been described as serial numbers by auction houses and in related press coverage.	these byte shop numbers have often erroneously been described as serial numbers by auction houses and in related press coverage.
lee is best known for his role as earl hickey in the television series my name is earl, the role of dave seville in the alvin and the chipmunks film franchise, the voice of syndrome in the incredibles and for starring in films directed by kevin smith, most notably mallrats.	lee is known for his role as earl hickey in the television series my name is earl, the role of dave seville in the alvin and the chipmunks film franchise, the voice of syndrome in the incredibles and for starring in films directed by kevin smith, most notably mallrats.
dpr-affiliated insurgents launched an offensive on september 29. the rebels claimed that the ukrainian army stationed at the airport had shelled donetsk.	dpr-affiliated insurgents launched an offensive on september 29. the rebels stated that the ukrainian army stationed at the airport had shelled donetsk.
controversy over child rape in the catholic church	controversy over child sexual abuse in the catholic church
a so-called reverend, prescott jernegan ran a gold-from-seawater swindle in the united states in the 1890s.	a reverend, prescott jernegan ran a gold-from-seawater swindle in the united states in the 1890s.
on april 6, 1776, the marines participated in the first naval battle between an american squadron and the british, when his majesty's ship glasgow blundered across the path of the squadron.	on april 6, 1776, the marines participated in the first naval battle between an american squadron and the british, when his majesty's ship glasgow came across the path of the squadron.
while takayama ukon resisted the edict and lost his fief, yoshitaka shrewdly gave up his new religion and adopted a monk's habit calling himself josui.	while takayama ukon resisted the edict and lost his fief, yoshitaka gave up his new religion and adopted a monk's habit calling himself josui.
the design of both their products and their stores are a futuristic meld of organic and mechanical forms obviously inspired by the work of surrealist artist h.r.	the design of both their products and their stores are a futuristic meld of organic and mechanical forms inspired by the work of surrealist artist h.r.
born in indiana and a long-time resident of sullivan county, matthew hill is a tennessee neoconservative politician and a member of the 104th general assembly.	born in indiana and a long-time resident of sullivan county, matthew hill is a tennessee politician and a member of the 104th general assembly.
therefore, the full long-term costs of entitlement programs such as medicare, social security, and the federal portion of medicaid are not reflected in the federal budget.	therefore, the full long-term costs of programs such as medicare, social security, and the federal portion of medicaid are not reflected in the federal budget.
"in the summer of 1985, future president gordon b. hinckley attacked scholars who were ""poking into all the crevices of our history, ferreting out little things of small import and magnifying them into great issues of public discussion."""	"in the summer of 1985, future president gordon b. hinckley rebuked scholars who were ""poking into all the crevices of our history, ferreting out little things of small import and magnifying them into great issues of public discussion."""
however, some people where suspicious about the project and especially the reasons behind it.	however, some people where suspicious about the project and the reasons behind it.
her father is abubakar olusola saraki, a leading senator of the second nigerian republic (19791983).	her father is abubakar olusola saraki, a senator of the second nigerian republic (19791983).
chomsky has argued that his actions in the faurisson affair were limited to a defense of the rights of free expression of someone he disagrees with, and that critics subsequently subjected this limited defence to various fantastical interpretations.	chomsky has argued that his actions in the faurisson affair were limited to a defense of the rights of free expression of someone he disagrees with, and that critics subsequently subjected this limited defence to various interpretations.
the popular syndicated series ran from 1950 until 1956, notable as the first tv series filmed in color.	the syndicated series ran from 1950 until 1956, notable as the first tv series filmed in color.
"reminisces about the ""catastrophic"" elections of 2002 where right-wing extremist jean-marie le pen managed to enter the second round of voting, showing concern that a similar situation might arise in the upcoming elections as a backlash to the riots."	"reminisces about the ""catastrophic"" elections of 2002 where right-wing candidate jean-marie le pen managed to enter the second round of voting, showing concern that a similar situation might arise in the upcoming elections as a backlash to the riots."
the labour party suffered humiliating defeats in local elections in scotland, wales and england on may 3 2007.	the labour party suffered signifcant defeats in local elections in scotland, wales and england on may 3 2007.
"in 2005, the biaw considered sponsoring a so-called ""right-to-work"" initiative."	"in 2005, the biaw considered sponsoring a ""right-to-work"" initiative."
the design was approved by popular referendum november 6, 1900. the flag's current design has been in use since may 21, 1985, after the state seal was graphically improved and officially sanctioned for use by state officials.	the design was approved by popular referendum november 6, 1900. the flag's current design has been in use since may 21, 1985, after the state seal was graphically altered and officially sanctioned for use by state officials.
the chilling story featured in a 1996 episode of strange but true?	the story featured in a 1996 episode of strange but true?
playing the role of didi was nar cabico, 16 year old, a graduate of philippine high school for the arts; alternating with tuxqs rutaquio as ada was composer, musical director vincent de jesus; and alternating with eula valdes was recording artist/ comedienne k brosas as zaturnnah.	playing the role of didi was nar cabico, 16 year old, a graduate of philippine high school for the arts; alternating with tuxqs rutaquio as ada was composer, musical director vincent de jesus; and alternating with eula valdes was recording artist/ comedian k brosas as zaturnnah.
science team- a large team who competes to demonstrate their superior science skills in the western suburban science league.	science team- a large team who competes to demonstrate their science skills in the western suburban science league.
laugh tracks are used excessively in disney channel original sitcoms.	laugh tracks are used extensively in disney channel original sitcoms.
"a common default for gnu/linux desktop systems is to use two partitions: one holding a file system mounted on ""/"" (the root directory) and a swap partition."	"a common configuration for gnu/linux desktop systems is to use two partitions: one holding a file system mounted on ""/"" (the root directory) and a swap partition."
sean richard o'pry (born july 5, 1989) is an american male supermodel from kennesaw, georgia.	sean richard o'pry (born july 5, 1989) is an american male model from kennesaw, georgia.
is often used by academics (e.g.	is sometimes used by academics (e.g.
the flowers, resting on axillary peduncles, are large, about an inch long, grouped in pendulous, fascicled racemes pale-pink or purplish, and beautifully veined.	the flowers, resting on axillary peduncles, are large, about an inch long, grouped in pendulous, fascicled racemes pale-pink or purplish, and heavily veined.
lanark blue is a full-flavoured cheese produced in lanarkshire, scotland.	lanark blue is a sheep milk cheese produced in lanarkshire, scotland.
some high-profile individuals (including the corrupted russian oligarch boris berezovsky), connected with the rebels, have suggested that the fsb (a russian intelligence service) staged the bombings to provide a pretext for an invasion of chechnya.	some high-profile individuals (including the exiled russian oligarch boris berezovsky), connected with the rebels, have suggested that the fsb (a russian intelligence service) staged the bombings to provide a pretext for an invasion of chechnya.
despite this amateurish method of production and distribution they have still managed to sell approximately 50,000 records worldwide.	despite this method of production and distribution they have still managed to sell approximately 50,000 records worldwide.
he was sadly killed on 29 september 2004 on the fourth stage of the pharaohs rally in egypt.	he was killed on 29 september 2004 on the fourth stage of the pharaohs rally in egypt.
curry, who is known for his exceptional shooting skills, plays as a guard and is listed at and .	curry, who is known for his shooting skills, plays as a guard and is listed at and .
in 2001, progressive rock legends king crimson opened 10 concerts during tool's tour to promote lateralus.	in 2001, progressive rock pioneers king crimson opened 10 concerts during tool's tour to promote lateralus.
unfortunately , william ii, who became emperor in 1888, was a man of limited experience, narrow and reactionary views and poor judgement.	however , william ii, who became emperor in 1888, was a man of limited experience, narrow and reactionary views and poor judgement.
the next morning, your partner suggests that they go talk to lapras for more information.	the next morning, the partner suggests that they go talk to lapras for more information.
"in the popular weekly football show, soccer a.m, the phrase ""accrington stanley, who are they?"""	"in the weekly football show, soccer a.m, the phrase ""accrington stanley, who are they?"""
the school is a member of the elite russell group, the european university association, association of commonwealth universities, the community of european management schools and international companies, the association of professional schools of international affairs and universities uk as well as the golden triangle of british universities, and most recently the prestigious 'g5 group' of britain's five leading universities.	the school is a member of the elite russell group, the european university association, association of commonwealth universities, the community of european management schools and international companies, the association of professional schools of international affairs and universities uk as well as the golden triangle of british universities, and most recently the 'g5 group' of britain's five leading universities.
in the 2006 hit nintendo ds game elite beat agents, a cover of this song is a stage in which the agents help a small girl realize her father's death and realize that her father's spirit will always live on with her.	in the 2006 nintendo ds game elite beat agents, a cover of this song is a stage in which the agents help a small girl realize her father's death and realize that her father's spirit will always live on with her.
"against the petition submitted by the christian group, the character's co-creator, neil gaiman, reacted on his tumblr page saying: ""ah."	"against the petition submitted by the group, the character's co-creator, neil gaiman, reacted on his tumblr page saying: ""ah."
the mocha uson blog is a cancer-inducing facebook page and blog which serves as a political advocacy page.	the mocha uson blog is a facebook page and blog which serves as a political advocacy page.
gay liberation is the name used to describe the radical lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender movement of the late 1960s and early to mid 1970s in north america, western europe, and australia and new zealand.	gay liberation is the name used to describe the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender movement of the late 1960s and early to mid 1970s in north america, western europe, and australia and new zealand.
most of the countries in latin america were also neutral before the end of the war was in sight.	most of the countries in latin america were also neutral at least until the end of the war was in sight.
on 5 march 2013, akr officiated the game between manchester united and real madrid from 201213 uefa champions league and sent off the united player nani with a red card during the second half of the match, a decision that was both criticized and applauded by commentators.	on 5 march 2013, akr officiated the game between manchester united and real madrid from 201213 uefa champions league and sent off the united player nani with a red card during the second half of the match, a decision that was both criticized and supported by commentators.
although the term is used to describe acts of bigotry closely related to historical anti-semitism, it asserts that contemporary anti-semitism often takes a different form and is based on different pretexts.	although the term is intended to describe acts of bigotry closely related to historical anti-semitism, it asserts that contemporary anti-semitism often takes a different form and is based on different pretexts.
"in extreme cases the player will also hit the melee attack while looking down as well as spin the joystick to achieve an ""atomic teabagging""."	"in some cases the player will also hit the melee attack while looking down as well as spin the joystick to achieve an ""atomic teabagging""."
jeremy bernard corbyn (born 26 may 1949) is a british labour party politician who is currently the leader of the labour party and the leader of the opposition.	jeremy bernard corbyn (born 26 may 1949) is a british labour party politician who is the leader of the labour party and the leader of the opposition.
in august 2005, the conservative gun-rights group, the national rifle association, said about the ahsa:	in august 2005, the gun-rights group, the national rifle association, said about the ahsa:
in october 2013, the administration still had not responded to the petition, but gave no excuse for the four-month delay.	in october 2013, the administration still had not responded to the petition, but gave no reason for the four-month delay.
after the match, the rapid players classlessly taunted the fc dallas supporters, namely the inferno, and sala punched hunter freeman in defense of the fans.	after the match, the rapid players taunted the fc dallas supporters, namely the inferno, and sala punched hunter freeman in defense of the fans.
shinde chhatri (marathi : ), located in wanowrie, a well known place in pune, india, is a memorial dedicated to the 18th century great military leader mahadji shinde who served as the commander-in-chief of the maratha army under the peshwas from 1760 to 1780. it is, one of the most significant landmarks in the city, reminiscent of the maratha rule.	shinde chhatri (marathi : ), located in wanowrie, a well known place in pune, india, is a memorial dedicated to the 18th century military leader mahadji shinde who served as the commander-in-chief of the maratha army under the peshwas from 1760 to 1780. it is, one of the most significant landmarks in the city, reminiscent of the maratha rule.
windows vista has many new features, some of the most significant of which include an updated graphical user interface and visual style dubbed windows aero, improved searching features, new multimedia creation tools such as windows dvd maker, and completely redesigned networking, audio, print, and display sub-systems.	windows vista has hundreds of new features, some of the most significant of which include an updated graphical user interface and visual style dubbed windows aero, improved searching features, new multimedia creation tools such as windows dvd maker, and completely redesigned networking, audio, print, and display sub-systems.
"days later, recep tayyip erdoan sought to retract his statement; media observers attributed his outburst to frustration ""due to failure of his government's syria policies""."	"days later, recep tayyip erdoan sought to retract his statement; media observers attributed his comment to frustration ""due to failure of his government's syria policies""."
red grammer (born 1952) is a grammy-nominated singer and songwriter.	red grammer (born 1952) is a singer and songwriter.
locke believed that the strong relationship between the state and its citizens took the form of a 'contract,' whereby the governed agreed to surrender certain freedoms they enjoyed under the state of nature in exchange for the order and protection provided by a state, exercised according to the rule of law.	locke believed that the relationship between the state and its citizens took the form of a 'contract,' whereby the governed agreed to surrender certain freedoms they enjoyed under the state of nature in exchange for the order and protection provided by a state, exercised according to the rule of law.
another study has shown that danish export losses due to the boycott were overcompensated by gains in other markets.	another study has shown that danish export losses due to the boycott were more than compensated by gains in other markets.
they claim that parts of the qur'an are based on stories of the tanakh (hebrew bible), the new testament of the christian bible, and other non-canonical christian works; differences of the biblical to the qur'anic versions indicate that these stories were not taken directly from written texts but seem rather to have been part of the oral traditions of the arab peninsula at muhammad's time.	they claim that parts of the qur'an are based on stories of the tanakh (hebrew bible), the new testament of the christian bible, and other non-canonical christian works; differences of the biblical to the qur'anic versions suggest to some scholars that these stories were not taken directly from written texts but seem rather to have been part of the oral traditions of the arab peninsula at muhammad's time.
astronotus species grow to 35 cm in size, and are sexually monomorphic.	astronotus species grow to 35 cm in size, and are monomorphic.
however, the report claimed that the warning was only just being delivered to the officer in charge as the bomb went off (bethel).	however, the report stated that the warning was only just being delivered to the officer in charge as the bomb went off (bethel).
although hands, dishes, and surfaces are now routinely sterilized with bleach-wash solution, as long as homemade water filtration systems are used at gatherings, there will continue to be a considerable risk of water and food contamination.	although hands, dishes, and surfaces are now routinely sterilized with bleach-wash solution, as long as novice-built water filtration systems are used at gatherings, there will continue to be a considerable risk of water and food contamination.
examples of these minorities are the so-called slovincians (lebakaschuben), the masurians and the silesians of upper silesia.	examples of these minorities are the slovincians (lebakaschuben), the masurians and the silesians of upper silesia.
his time in charge of hearts was highly successful, where he guided them to third place in the spl in two successive seasons and thus into european competition.	his time in charge of hearts was successful, where he guided them to third place in the spl in two successive seasons and thus into european competition.
famitsu awarded halo 3 a high mark of 10, 9, 9, 9 for a total of 37/40, a very pleasing review considering japan's overall dislike of first-person shooters, halo, and the xbox.	famitsu awarded halo 3 a high mark of 10, 9, 9, 9 for a total of 37/40, a very positive review considering japan's overall dislike of first-person shooters, halo, and the xbox.
baby got back is a light-hearted 1992 hip hop song by sir mix-a-lot about the singer's fondness for women's buttocks and in particular his reaction to large ones.	baby got back is a 1992 hip hop song by sir mix-a-lot about the singer's fondness for women's buttocks and in particular his reaction to large ones.
in his autobiography, reischauer specifically refuted that validity of this broadly-accepted myth :	in his autobiography, reischauer specifically refuted that validity of this broadly-accepted version :
both the price and the size of the devices are remarkably small in comparison to similar devices, such as ultra-mobile pcs or the palm foleo.	both the price and the size of the devices are small in comparison to similar devices, such as ultra-mobile pcs or the palm foleo.
an interesting, yet little known fact about sjarifoeddin is that he was in fact a practicing christian, and has been documented on numerous occasions being up on the pulpit at the largest batak church, at kernolong in batavia.	an interesting, yet little known fact about sjarifuddin is that he was in fact a practicing christian, and has been documented on numerous occasions being up on the pulpit at the largest batak church, at kernolong in batavia.
"earl ""madman"" muntz (1914 – 1987), born in elgin, illinois, was a legendary merchandiser of used cars and consumer electronics in the 1940s and 50s, mostly in california."	"earl ""madman"" muntz (1914 – 1987), born in elgin, illinois, was a merchandiser of used cars and consumer electronics in the 1940s and 50s, mostly in california."
defections and armed uprising (juneaugust 2011)	defections and armed rebellion (juneaugust 2011)
as clausen eloquently put it </sup>the apomicts actually have discovered the effectiveness of mass production long before mr henry ford applied it to the production of the automobile.	as clausen put it </sup>the apomicts actually have discovered the effectiveness of mass production long before mr henry ford applied it to the production of the automobile.
pedro j. labarthe lpez de victoria (june 21, 1905 – march 1966 ) was a prominent puerto rican poet, journalist, essayist, and novelist.	pedro j. labarthe lpez de victoria (june 21, 1905 – march 1966 ) was a puerto rican poet, journalist, essayist, and novelist.
on october 25, grenada was illegally invaded by combined forces from the united states, the regional security system (rss) and jamaica, in an operation codenamed operation urgent fury.	on october 25, grenada was invaded by combined forces from the united states, the regional security system (rss) and jamaica, in an operation codenamed operation urgent fury.
the use of road rule enforcement cameras is certainly contentious.	the use of road rule enforcement cameras is contentious.
tamwar masood is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by himesh patel.	tamwar masood is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by himesh patel.
lee is a member of the controversial church of scientology.	lee is a member of the church of scientology.
despite being sited in mountainous territory, the higher elevations of the city offer spectacular views of the nearby coastline, including stromboli.	despite being sited in mountainous territory, the higher elevations of the city offer views of the nearby coastline, including stromboli.
her central argument involves a famous thought experiment.	her central argument involves a thought experiment.
on her father's passing she inherited a significant interest in the company.	on her father's death she inherited a significant interest in the company.
his reputation continued to build and by 1900 his cult had spread into the north, signaling a national apotheosis.	his reputation continued to build and by 1900 his followers had spread into the north, signaling a national apotheosis.
the warning followed a high profile raid on a training camp in akto county, xinjiang run by east turkestan islamic movement militants .	the warning followed a high profile raid on a training camp in akto county, xinjiang run by east turkestan islamic movement members .
she is one of the most successful female filmstar of bollywood.	she is one of the most successful female filmstars of bollywood.
on the road form tinonee to wingham is the brushy cutting lookout which offers breathtaking views of the manning valley.	on the road form tinonee to wingham is the brushy cutting lookout which offers scenic views of the manning valley.
manly won their most recent premiership on 5th october, 2008, handing the melbourne storm a record thumping in the grand final, winning 40-0.	manly won their most recent premiership on 5th october, 2008, handing the melbourne storm a record defeat in the grand final, winning 40-0.
emi hashino (; born 1973), japanese comedienne and stage actress	emi hashino (; born 1973), japanese comedian and stage actress
the education workforce council (ewc), or (cga), is the independent regulator in wales for teachers in maintained schools, further education teachers and associated learning support staff.	the education workforce council (ewc), or (cga), is the regulator in wales for teachers in maintained schools, further education teachers and associated learning support staff.
huineng's body was seen by the jesuit matteo ricci who visited nanhua temple in 1589. ricci told the european readers the story of huineng (in a somewhat garbled form), describing him as akin to a christian ascetic.	huineng's body was seen by the jesuit matteo ricci who visited nanhua temple in 1589. ricci told the european readers the story of huineng (in a somewhat edited form), describing him as akin to a christian ascetic.
it is whale back shaped and accessible for walkers giving spectacular views over morecambe bay to lancaster, morecambe, heysham and over the levens estuary to ulverston .	it is whale back shaped and accessible for walkers giving views over morecambe bay to lancaster, morecambe, heysham and over the levens estuary to ulverston .
in 2004, he directed and produced the passion of the christ, a blockbuster movie that portrayed the last hours of the life of jesus.	in 2004, he directed and produced the passion of the christ, a movie that portrayed the last hours of the life of jesus.
31 sophie daumier, 69, french actress, comedienne , huntington's disease.	31 sophie daumier, 69, french actress, comedian , huntington's disease.
trust was a famous french hard rock band closely associated with both ac/dc and the new wave of british heavy metal	trust was a famous french rock band closely associated with both ac/dc and the new wave of british heavy metal
in a may 2017 interview with greta van susteren, trump claims that she speaks english, french, italian, and german.	in a may 2017 interview with greta van susteren, trump stated that she speaks english, french, italian, and german.
after clinton's re-election, fowler was accused of contacting the cia about a fugitive businessman, roger tamraz, who had donated money to the democratic party.	after clinton's re-election, fowler was accused of contacting the cia about a businessman, roger tamraz, who had donated money to the democratic party.
the building is also notable for its electronic news zipper , where headlines crawled around the outside of the building.	the building is also notable for its electronic news ticker, where headlines crawled around the outside of the building.
mr. david is also currently involved in many film and television productions, having previously starred in the bank job and the grid.	mr. david is also currently involved in several film and television productions, having previously starred in the bank job and the grid.
the pro-life thomas more law center, for example, generally seeks, and is successful in, recovery of legal fees in the same manner as the aclu , .	the thomas more law center, for example, generally seeks, and is successful in, recovery of legal fees in the same manner as the aclu , .
he scored a superb long-range goal in england's opening match against rwanda in pachuca.	he scored a long-range goal in england's opening match against rwanda in pachuca.
the federal commissioner for the stasi archives is an upper-level federal agency of germany that preserves and protects the archives and investigates the past crimes of the former stasi, the secret police and intelligence organization of the communist german democratic republic (east germany).	the federal commissioner for the stasi archives is an upper-level federal agency of germany that preserves and protects the archives and investigates the past actions of the former stasi, the secret police and intelligence organization of the communist german democratic republic (east germany).
after the tragic plane crash in 1977 that killed van zant and other band members, lynyrd skynyrd disbanded.	after the plane crash in 1977 that killed van zant and other band members, lynyrd skynyrd disbanded.
joseph smith led the church until he was killed in 1844. after a brief period of confusion when various claims of succession were made, the church was led by the quorum of the twelve apostles until a new first presidency was organized in 1847. brigham young, president of the quorum of the twelve apostles and soon-to-be president of the church, led a large group of mormon pioneers in a forced exodus away from the former church headquarters in nauvoo, illinois, and eventually to the salt lake valley in july 1847.	joseph smith led the church until he was martyred in 1844. after a brief period of confusion when various claims of succession were made, the church was led by the quorum of the twelve apostles until a new first presidency was organized in 1847. brigham young, president of the quorum of the twelve apostles and soon-to-be president of the church, led a large group of mormon pioneers in a forced exodus away from the former church headquarters in nauvoo, illinois, and eventually to the salt lake valley in july 1847.
the shroud continues to remain one of the most studied and controversial artifacts in human history.	the shroud continues to remain one of the most studied and controversial objects in human history.
bullshit claims of functioning water-fuelled cars	claims of functioning water-fuelled cars
neuroelectric therapy (net) is a form of cranial electro-stimulation (ces) that uses low-current electrical impulses across the head to relieve the symptoms of acute and chronic withdrawal from drugs.	neuroelectric therapy (net) is a form of cranial electro-stimulation (ces) that claims to use low-current electrical impulses across the head to relieve the symptoms of acute and chronic withdrawal from drugs.
he ordered his troops to gouge out the eyes of 100 luckless prisoners, cut off their noses and lips, then send them back to the towers led by a prisoner with one remaining eye.	he ordered his troops to gouge out the eyes of 100 prisoners, cut off their noses and lips, then send them back to the towers led by a prisoner with one remaining eye.
"following the tragic conclusion of the beslan school hostage crisis in russia in september 2004, the russian authorities claimed that the terrorists had ""listened to german hard rock group rammstein on personal stereos during the siege to keep themselves edgy and fired up""."	"following the conclusion of the beslan school hostage crisis in russia in september 2004, the russian authorities claimed that the terrorists had ""listened to german hard rock group rammstein on personal stereos during the siege to keep themselves edgy and fired up""."
meera syal comedienne , actor and author, attended queen mary's high school for girls.	meera syal comedian , actor and author, attended queen mary's high school for girls.
it is the successor to the popular game boy color.	it is the successor to the game boy color.
for whatever reasons, the western, monotheistic conception of god (discussed below) has been the primary target of investigation in philosophy of religion.	for whatever reasons, the western, monotheistic conception of god (discussed below) has been the primary source of investigation in philosophy of religion.
he was resoundingly defeated, due primarily to public opposition to the pawley government's plans to re-entrench french language services in provincial law.	he was defeated, due primarily to public opposition to the pawley government's plans to re-entrench french language services in provincial law.
the word rooster for a male chicken arose, especially in the usa, as a euphemism for cock, to avoid the vulgarism below for penis.	the word rooster for a male chicken arose, especially in the usa, as a euphemism for cock, to avoid the slang term below for penis.
steggles returned to write the guild of thieves, a traditional treasure hunt, while georgina sinclair and michael bywater wrote the enchanting contemporary fantasy of jinxter.	steggles returned to write the guild of thieves, a traditional treasure hunt, while georgina sinclair and michael bywater wrote the contemporary fantasy of jinxter.
digital dependencies are biopsychosocial conditions caused by overuse of digital platforms, closely correlated to pre-existing medical diagnostic categories.	digital dependencies are biopsychosocial phenomena caused by overuse of digital platforms, closely correlated to pre-existing medical diagnostic categories.
"a ""herb grinder"" (also called a ""tobacco grinder"" or just simply a ""grinder"") is a cylindrical contraption with two halves (top and bottom) that separate and have sharp teeth or pegs aligned in such a way that when both halves are turned, material inside typically herbs and spices for cooking or more commonly for tobacco is shredded, resulting in a product that burns more evenly and improves easiness of rolling when preparing a hand rolled cigarette and improves texture and flavor of spices."	"a ""herb grinder"" (also called a ""tobacco grinder"" or just simply a ""grinder"") is a cylindrical device with two halves (top and bottom) that separate and have sharp teeth or pegs aligned in such a way that when both halves are turned, material inside typically herbs and spices for cooking or more commonly for tobacco is shredded, resulting in a product that burns more evenly and improves easiness of rolling when preparing a hand rolled cigarette and improves texture and flavor of spices."
however, navajo county offers not only the famous monument valley, but keams canyon, part of the petrified forest national park, and the largest stand of ponderosa pines in north america.	however, navajo county offers not only the monument valley, but keams canyon, part of the petrified forest national park, and the largest stand of ponderosa pines in north america.
in the 2006 gaza cross-border raid, palestinian militants used a tunnel to kidnap israeli soldier gilad shalit.	in the 2006 gaza cross-border raid, palestinian militants used a tunnel to abduct israeli soldier gilad shalit.
"soon after kerry was nominated, sbvt purchased television ads attacking him, claiming that he ""lied to get his bronze star."""	"soon after kerry was nominated, sbvt purchased television ads severely criticizing him, claiming that he ""lied to get his bronze star."""
in the spring of 1979, a year after the carol burnett show had completed its successful 11-year run on cbs, carol burnett and her then husband-manager joe hamilton were dining in a restaurant with friends which included tim conway (who co-starred on the carol burnett show).	in the spring of 1979, a year after the carol burnett show had completed its 11-year run on cbs, carol burnett and her then husband-manager joe hamilton were dining in a restaurant with friends which included tim conway (who co-starred on the carol burnett show).
covering an area of about 1,001,450 square kilometers (386,560 square miles), egypt borders libya to the west, sudan to the south, palestine and israel to the east.	covering an area of about 1,001,450 square kilometers (386,560 square miles), egypt borders libya to the west, sudan to the south, the gaza strip and israel to the east.
"pro-soviet biographers of stalin point out that he believed the british rejected his proposal of an anti-fascist alliance because they were plotting with nazi germany against the soviet union, and that the western democracies were expecting the third reich to attack ""communist russia"" and were hoping that the nazi forces would wipe out the soviet union — or that both countries would fight each other to the point of exhaustion and then collapse."	"biographers of stalin point out that he believed the british rejected his proposal of an anti-fascist alliance because they were plotting with nazi germany against the soviet union, and that the western democracies were expecting the third reich to attack ""communist russia"" and were hoping that the nazi forces would wipe out the soviet union — or that both countries would fight each other to the point of exhaustion and then collapse."
zanetti, after being rejected by the youth divisions of argentina's giants independiente, signed for talleres de remedios de escalada (a second division team at the time) but soon moved in 1993 to argentine first division's banfield.	zanetti, after being rejected by the youth divisions of argentina's independiente, signed for talleres de remedios de escalada (a second division team at the time) but soon moved in 1993 to argentine first division's banfield.
karen marie connelly (born 12 march 1969) is a minor canadian writer and poet who has written extensively about her experiences living in greece, thailand and canada.	karen marie connelly (born 12 march 1969) is a canadian writer and poet who has written extensively about her experiences living in greece, thailand and canada.
she is probably best known for her portrayal of dr. lilith sternin, dr. frasier crane's ex-wife both on the popular tv sitcom cheers, and its spin-off frasier.	she is probably best known for her portrayal of dr. lilith sternin, dr. frasier crane's ex-wife both on the tv sitcom cheers, and its spin-off frasier.
"the staff at variety liked the work of the young cast and forsyth's able direction, and wrote, ""filmmaker bill forsyth, whose friendly, unmalicious approach recalls that of rene clair, is concerned with young students (in particular, a soccer team goalie, gregory) seeking out the opposite sex...as gregory, john gordon sinclair is adept at physical comedy."	"the staff at variety liked the work of the young cast and forsyth's direction, and wrote, ""filmmaker bill forsyth, whose friendly, unmalicious approach recalls that of rene clair, is concerned with young students (in particular, a soccer team goalie, gregory) seeking out the opposite sex...as gregory, john gordon sinclair is adept at physical comedy."
eras is a popular sans-serif font introduced in 1976 by albert boton (b. april 17, 1932, paris) and albert hollenstein (b. lucerne, 1930; d. 1974).	eras is a sans-serif font introduced in 1976 by albert boton (b. april 17, 1932, paris) and albert hollenstein (b. lucerne, 1930; d. 1974).
a black patriot was an african american who sided with the rebellious americans during the american revolutionary war.	a black patriot was an african american who sided with the revolutionary americans during the american revolutionary war.
there appeared in the ottawa citizen the following apology for a column by warren kinsella in which kinsella falsely accused steyn of mocking handicapped people trapped in the world trade center on 9-11:	there appeared in the ottawa citizen the following apology for a column by warren kinsella in which kinsella accused steyn of mocking handicapped people trapped in the world trade center on 9-11:
type 3 gaucher's disease is notably common in the population of the northern swedish region of norrbotten where the incidence of the disease is 1 in 50,000.	type 3 gaucher's disease is especially common in the population of the northern swedish region of norrbotten where the incidence of the disease is 1 in 50,000.
tragic end: return to the bulls and to love affairs	the end: return to the bulls and to love affairs
"she was also opposed to the teaching of foreign languages in public schools, as evidenced when she naively said, ""if english was good enough for jesus christ, it ought to be good enough for the children of texas"", a standard usually embraced by her successors."	"she was also opposed to the teaching of foreign languages in public schools, as evidenced when she said, ""if english was good enough for jesus christ, it ought to be good enough for the children of texas"", a standard usually embraced by her successors."
the young alternative for germany ( or ja) is a far-right youth organisation in germany.	the young alternative for germany ( or ja) is a youth organisation in germany.
rodriguez abandoned his dream of a career in music to support his family.	rodriguez interrupted his dream of a career in music to support his family.
these included the early church's presiding patriarch (and apostle) william smith (joseph's only surviving brother); book of mormon witness martin harris (who left to rejoin the saints in utah); presiding stake president william marks; presiding bishop and trustee-in-trust george miller, apostle john e. page; former apostle william e. mclellin; and many others.	these included the early church's presiding patriarch (and apostle) william smith (joseph's only surviving brother); book of mormon witness martin harris (who left to rejoin the lds church in utah); presiding stake president william marks; presiding bishop and trustee-in-trust george miller, apostle john e. page; former apostle william e. mclellin; and many others.
typically a pattern involved a procession by one or more communities to a nearby holy well named for a saint; the water having medicinal healing properties.	typically a pattern involved a procession by one or more communities to a nearby holy well named for a saint; the water believed to have medicinal healing properties.
a group of uyghur separatists claim that the region, which they refer to as east turkestan, is not a part of china, but that the soviet supported second east turkestan republic was invaded by the prc in 1949 and has since been under chinese occupation.	a group of uyghur separatists claim that the region, which they refer to as east turkestan, is not a part of china, but that the soviet supported second east turkestan republic was incorporated by the prc in 1949 and has since been under chinese occupation.
a policeman and two of kuntar's comrades were killed in the shootout on the beach; kuntar and the fourth fighter , ahmed alabras, were captured.	a policeman and two of kuntar's comrades were killed in the shootout on the beach; kuntar and the fourth member of the group , ahmed alabras, were captured.
the practitioners of this style were mislabeled ticklers but practiced a very full jazz piano style that made use of classical devices.	the practitioners of this style were often called ticklers but practiced a very full jazz piano style that made use of classical devices.
in the united states, the september 11th commission releases its final report, harshly criticizing american intelligence agencies.	in the united states, the september 11th commission releases its final report, criticizing american intelligence agencies.
he is best known for his roles as illya kuryakin, a russian secret agent, in the television series the man from u.n.c.l.e.	he is known for his roles as illya kuryakin, a russian secret agent, in the television series the man from u.n.c.l.e.
"in the second season episode ""pegasus,"" ronald d. moore named one of the cylon characters gina as a reference to the show's dubious nickname."	"in the second season episode ""pegasus,"" ronald d. moore named one of the cylon characters gina as a reference to the show's nickname."
the romulan neutral zone is still in effect (that is, no canononical material has yet been published in which it is disbanded ).	the romulan neutral zone is still in effect (that is, no canononical material has yet been published in which it is abolished ).
while that is true for certain reactors, this is no longer true of at least some modern designs.	while that is true for the vast majority of reactors, this is no longer true of at least some modern designs.
unfortunately , funding was in fact reduced for those programs that were identified as successful in follow through, perhaps on the presumption that funding would be better diverted to investigating failed programs (watkins, 1997)	starting in 1982 , funding was in fact reduced for those programs that were identified as successful in follow through, perhaps on the presumption that funding would be better diverted to investigating failed programs (watkins, 1997)
many traditional christians and anti-intellectuals take offense at the use of the phrase, claiming it is a loaded term that implies all religious believers are psychotic.	many traditional christians and other theists take offense at the use of the phrase, claiming it is a loaded term that implies all religious believers are psychotic.
while still at school, he wrote for television and radio, including a popular weekly children's show, and was on the writing staff of the mike douglas show, a nationally televised daily talk show.	while still at school, he wrote for television and radio, including a weekly children's show, and was on the writing staff of the mike douglas show, a nationally televised daily talk show.
they provide around 85% of the emergency and non-emergency ambulance cover for the new zealand population, emergency care and first aid at public events, support phonelines for the elderly and house-bound, hospital patient transport, public first aid training, health products and a successful youth programme.	they provide around 85% of the emergency and non-emergency ambulance cover for the new zealand population, emergency care and first aid at public events, support phonelines for the elderly and house-bound, hospital patient transport, public first aid training, health products and a youth programme.
"hawke's aggressive treasurer, paul keating, ridiculed him by asking: ""can the souffl rise twice?"""	"hawke's treasurer, paul keating, ridiculed him by asking: ""can the souffl rise twice?"""
"'""me wise magic,"" van halen's virtuosic display of psychedelia-influenced rock with roth on vocals became a no."	"'""me wise magic,"" van halen's display of psychedelia-influenced rock with roth on vocals became a no."
the westminster abbey museum is located in the magnificent 11th century vaulted undercroft of st peter beneath the former monks' dormitory in westminster abbey.	the westminster abbey museum is located in the 11th century vaulted undercroft of st peter beneath the former monks' dormitory in westminster abbey.
during these school years, stalin joined a georgian social-democratic organization, and began propagating marxism.	during these school years, stalin joined a georgian social-democratic organization, and began promoting marxism.
the anthology 2 release includes an alternate take of the basic track starting with lennons bizarre count-in of sugar-plum fairy, sugar-plum fairy, then edited together with an alternate mix of the woke up, fell out of bed section, which ends in mccartney flubbing the vocal line and swearing.	the anthology 2 release includes an alternate take of the basic track starting with lennons count-in of sugar-plum fairy, sugar-plum fairy, then edited together with an alternate mix of the woke up, fell out of bed section, which ends in mccartney flubbing the vocal line and swearing.
he is famous for his partnership with comedic actor adam sandler, with whom he directed the films happy gilmore (1996), big daddy (1999), i now pronounce you chuck and larry (2007), you don't mess with the zohan (2008), grown ups (2010), just go with it (2011), jack and jill (2011), and grown ups 2 (2013).	he is known for his partnership with comedic actor adam sandler, with whom he directed the films happy gilmore (1996), big daddy (1999), i now pronounce you chuck and larry (2007), you don't mess with the zohan (2008), grown ups (2010), just go with it (2011), jack and jill (2011), and grown ups 2 (2013).
it is only second in importance to the tourism industry of jamaica.	it is second in importance to the tourism industry of jamaica.
however, under mounting pressure, san jose mercury news executive editor jerry ceppos published a retraction on may 11, 1997, claiming the dark alliance series fell short of his standards.	however, under mounting pressure, san jose mercury news executive editor jerry ceppos published a retraction on may 11, 1997, saying the dark alliance series fell short of his standards.
in the general election, he trounced the democratic candidate, 4th district congresswoman denise majette, by 16 points.	in the general election, he defeated the democratic candidate, 4th district congresswoman denise majette, by 16 points.
the town quickly entered into an agreement with the state, dismissed the police chief, agreed to the appointment of an overseer and accepted a lengthy code of conduct laid out by the state.	the town entered into an agreement with the state, dismissed the police chief, agreed to the appointment of an overseer and accepted a lengthy code of conduct laid out by the state.
wilbur reed lepage was an influential american professor and department chair of electrical and computer engineering at syracuse university.	wilbur reed lepage was an american professor and department chair of electrical and computer engineering at syracuse university.
"in 2004-2005, the mural was removed for the restoration, with the promise that it would be returned by the end of 2005. as of september 2010, the mural has not returned to its rightful place and is in storage until the completion of the current wmata project ""paul s. sarbanes transit center"", scheduled for sometime in 2010."	"in 2004-2005, the mural was removed for the restoration, with the promise that it would be returned by the end of 2005. as of september 2010, the mural has not returned to its normal place and is in storage until the completion of the current wmata project ""paul s. sarbanes transit center"", scheduled for sometime in 2010."
"bauhinia blakeana was adopted as the floral emblem of hong kong by the urban council in 1965. since 1997 it has become the floral emblem for the hong kong special administrative region of the people's republic of china, and appears on its flag and its coins; its chinese name has also been frequently shortened as ( means ""foreign"" in chinese, and some may consider this would be deemed inappropriate by the egocentric prc government)."	"bauhinia blakeana was adopted as the floral emblem of hong kong by the urban council in 1965. since 1997 it has become the floral emblem for the hong kong special administrative region of the people's republic of china, and appears on its flag and its coins; its chinese name has also been frequently shortened as ( means ""foreign"" in chinese, and some may consider this would be deemed inappropriate by the prc government)."
hezbollah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese resistance group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.	hezbollah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.
seal hunting, or sealing, is the barbaric hunting of seals for their pelts, blubber, and meat; as well as to ensure the population does not reach levels that would threaten other species.	seal hunting, or sealing, is the hunting of seals for their pelts, blubber, and meat; as well as to ensure the population does not reach levels that would threaten other species.
redirect template: comment3	redirect template: uw-npov3
she declined because she was not a comedienne .	she declined because she was not a comedian .
the individuals running the website later denied that the postings were actual threats, although they were widely perceived as such.	the individuals running the website later attempted to deny that the postings were actual threats, although they were widely perceived as such.
the july 12, 2007 baghdad airstrikes were a series of air-to-ground attacks conducted by a team of two united states army ah-64 apache helicopters in al-amin al-thaniyah, in the district of new baghdad in baghdad, during the iraqi insurgency and u.s. military occupation of iraq which followed the iraq war.	the july 12, 2007 baghdad airstrikes were a series of air-to-ground attacks conducted by a team of two united states army ah-64 apache helicopters in al-amin al-thaniyah, in the district of new baghdad in baghdad, during the iraqi insurgency against the u.s. military occupation of iraq which followed the iraq war.
darren miller is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by charlie g. hawkins.	darren miller is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by charlie g. hawkins.
"in november 2006, he claimed to have been ""three days"" away from executing then leader of the greater london authority and current mayor of london, ken livingstone, over his support for sinn fein's gerry adams."	"in november 2006, he claimed to have been ""three days"" away from killing then leader of the greater london authority and current mayor of london, ken livingstone, over his support for sinn fein's gerry adams."
(see also dual loyalty) others, such as rep. david r. obey (wisconsin), contend that aipac primarily pushes the conservative likud's positions, rather than representing the position of other israeli political parties, such as the labor party .	(see also dual loyalty) others, such as rep. david r. obey (wisconsin), contend that aipac primarily reflects the conservative likud's positions, rather than representing the position of other israeli political parties, such as the labor party .
keith floyd, the notorious british tv chef and bon viveur established a restaurant there during a lengthy sojourn in france.	keith floyd, the british tv chef and bon viveur established a restaurant there during a lengthy sojourn in france.
local public transportation is provided almost exclusively by bus.	local public transport is provided almost exclusively by bus.
after the season, he parted ways with his super- coach boris becker, mainly due to disagreements between the two.	after the season, he parted ways with his coach boris becker, mainly due to disagreements between the two.
"childhood photos of harris, parton and ronstadt were used for the album's cover, when a photo shoot proved impossible (due to the three artists' busy schedules), though they did manage to assemble for a short promotional tour in early 1999, and to film a popular music video for ""after the gold rush"" which was filmed inside a beautiful synagogue in new york city that january."	"childhood photos of harris, parton and ronstadt were used for the album's cover, when a photo shoot proved impossible (due to the three artists' busy schedules), though they did manage to assemble for a short promotional tour in early 1999, and to film a popular music video for ""after the gold rush"" which was filmed inside a synagogue in new york city that january."
the article touts the brothers' commitment to free-market principles, the growth and development of their business, and their support for liberty-minded organizations and political candidates.	the article describes the brothers' commitment to free-market principles, the growth and development of their business, and their support for liberty-minded organizations and political candidates.
"hendrick motorsports is a group of cheating nascar racing teams started by rick hendrick in 1984 under the name ""all star racing."""	"hendrick motorsports is a group of nascar racing teams started by rick hendrick in 1984 under the name ""all star racing."""
chi omega boasts 171 active collegiate chapters and over 230 alumnae chapters.	chi omega has 171 active collegiate chapters and over 230 alumnae chapters.
in march 2018, the dowdle brothers announced they were developing a movie or basic cable presentation about newspaper columnist dorothy kilgallen, who died in 1965 under circumstances that were never satisfactorily resolved.	in march 2018, the dowdle brothers announced they were developing a movie or basic cable presentation about newspaper columnist dorothy kilgallen, who died in 1965 under circumstances they contend were never satisfactorily resolved.
"some argue that grouping disparate ideologies into one single idea of ""islamofascism"" may lead to an oversimplification of the causes of terrorism."	"some argue that grouping two ideologies into one single idea of ""islamofascism"" may lead to an oversimplification of the causes of terrorism."
"mormon settlers in late july 1857 received exaggerated news reports that utah was about to be invaded by a large federal army: a threat that, due the eschatological importance mormons gave to building up their ""zion"" community, seemed to them of apocalyptic significance."	"mormon settlers in late july 1857 received news reports that utah was about to be invaded by a large federal army: a threat that, due the eschatological importance mormons gave to building up their ""zion"" community, seemed to them of apocalyptic significance."
a fine short history of the village is on-line at	a short history of the village is on-line at
ronaldinho and wayne rooney graced the cover of the game in the european, australian, brazilian, and united kingdom market.	ronaldinho and wayne rooney were featured on the cover of the game in the european, australian, brazilian, and united kingdom market.
he is the only chief minister in the country who keeps himself visible to the public when in office through a webcast.	he has been said as the only chief minister in the country who keeps himself visible to the public when in office through a webcast.
after this, the band disbanded with steve hackett returning to stronger solo releases including guitar noir.	after this, the band disbanded with steve hackett returning to solo releases including guitar noir.
"she often targets the detroit regional office of the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement; especially its head, brian moskowitz, accusing him of overlooking obvious terrorist ties within the metro area's large arab/muslim community as well as disproportionately arresting/deporting asian and hispanic immigrants vs. those from the middle east, while praising politicians like arab-american mayor allan mansoor of costa mesa, california for examining similar ties (which she cites to advocate ""racism"" against people from the middle east)."	"she often targets the detroit regional office of the u.s. immigration and customs enforcement; especially its head, brian moskowitz, accusing him of overlooking obvious terrorist ties within the metro area's large arab/muslim community as well as disproportionately arresting/deporting asian and hispanic immigrants vs. those from the middle east, while praising politicians like arab-american mayor allan mansoor of costa mesa, california for examining similar ties (which she cites to support her position that she is confronting terrorist-related concerns, not advocating ""racism"" against people from the middle east)."
following the start of sri lankan civil war many villages were attacked by ltte terrorists which resulted in the deaths of many civilians.	following the start of sri lankan civil war many villages were attacked by ltte which resulted in the deaths of many civilians.
ground forces commanders riding in the venom will have radios and fire power and the range of the transport helicopters carrying their men .	ground forces commanders riding in the venom will have radios and fire power and the range of the transport helicopters carrying their troops .
kashmir is a beautiful valley of about 7,200 square kilometers (2,800 square miles) at an elevation of 1,675 meters (5,500 feet).	kashmir is a scenic valley of about 7,200 square kilometers (2,800 square miles) at an elevation of 1,675 meters (5,500 feet).
"architects & engineers for 9/11 truth members argue that the buildings of the world trade center could not have collapsed only because of the impact of the planes, while claiming that analyzing building demolitions are ""clearly outside the scope of our training and experience""."	"architects & engineers for 9/11 truth members argue that the buildings of the world trade center could not have collapsed only because of the impact of the planes, while stating that analyzing building demolitions are ""clearly outside the scope of our training and experience""."
the group has been accused by some chinese as promoting sinophobia and separatism, as well as using youths for a political cause that is perceived as very one-sided in the western world.	the group has been accused by many chinese as promoting sinophobia and separatism , as well as using youths for a political cause that is perceived as very one-sided in the western world.
digitization of materials at bowdoin college related to the crocker land expedition generously funded by the gladys krieble delmas foundation in 2016.	digitization of materials at bowdoin college related to the crocker land expedition have been funded by the gladys krieble delmas foundation in 2016 .
evangeline estelle gazina (c.1837 18 january 1923), better known under her stage name, kate santley, was a german-born actress, singer and comedienne .	evangeline estelle gazina (c.1837 18 january 1923), better known under her stage name, kate santley, was a german-born actress, singer and comedian .
a film adaptation of the original tale had been in development since the late 1930s when walt disney himself took an interest in hans christian andersen's fairy tales.	a film adaptation of the original tale had been in development since the late 1930s when walt disney took an interest in hans christian andersen's fairy tales.
shared a very close relationship with his illustrious grandfather, the tiferes yerucham.	shared a very close relationship with his grandfather, the tiferes yerucham.
whether or not a victim seeks professional treatment from psychiatrists, psychologists or therapists is accepted as a personal decision of the victim (or the parents) as long as the therapy does not conflict with their religious doctrine .	whether or not a victim seeks professional treatment from psychiatrists, psychologists or therapists is accepted as a personal decision of the victim (or the parents) as long as the therapy does not conflict with their religious views .
derek jarman's incoherent punk cult film jubilee	derek jarman's punk cult film jubilee
santorum was elected as a united states senator from pennsylvania in 1994. he served two terms until losing his reelection bid in 2006. a devout, practicing catholic, santorum is a social conservative who opposes same-sex marriage and artificial birth control.	santorum was elected as a united states senator from pennsylvania in 1994. he served two terms until losing his reelection bid in 2006. a devout, practicing catholic, santorum is a social conservative who opposes same-sex marriage and birth control.
a succcessful telugu movie with name zamindar.	a telugu movie with name zamindar.
it is designed to prove that the applicant has a sufficient knowledge of british life and sufficient proficiency in the english language.	it is meant to prove that the applicant has a sufficient knowledge of british life and sufficient proficiency in the english language.
this harmless prank re-ignited a tradition that had become dormant among eastern football schools rivalries.	this prank re-ignited a tradition that had become dormant among eastern football schools rivalries.
in the 1930s, the holodomor affected the ukrainian population of eastern ukraine and led to increased russification in the east.	in the 1930s, the holodomor reduced the ukrainian population of eastern ukraine and led to increased russification in the east.
in 1998, when the economic crisis forced most of the chaebol to cut back, daewoo brazenly added 14 new firms to its existing 275 subsidiaries, in a year where the group lost a total of 550 billion won ($458 million) on sales of 62 trillion won ($51 billion).	in 1998, when the economic crisis forced most of the chaebol to cut back, daewoo added 14 new firms to its existing 275 subsidiaries, in a year where the group lost a total of 550 billion won ($458 million) on sales of 62 trillion won ($51 billion).
"on june 26, 2015, the same day the united states supreme court announced their marriage equality ruling, vitter ironically tweeted ""chick-fil-a kind of day"" a tweet that stirred a large number of comments, including ""you always know exactly where to go when you want to uphold the sanctity of marriage, senator."""	"on june 26, 2015, the same day the united states supreme court announced their marriage equality ruling, vitter tweeted ""chick-fil-a kind of day"" a tweet that stirred a large number of comments, including ""you always know exactly where to go when you want to uphold the sanctity of marriage, senator."""
"wolfman claimed in an interview, ""i didn't plan black cat to be in spidey."	"wolfman said in an interview, ""i didn't plan black cat to be in spidey."
robert arthur mould (born october 12 1961, in malone, new york) is an american musician, principally known for his work as guitarist, vocalist and songwriter for influential rock bands hsker d in the 1980s and sugar in the 1990s.	robert arthur mould (born october 12 1961, in malone, new york) is an american musician, principally known for his work as guitarist, vocalist and songwriter for alternative rock bands hsker d in the 1980s and sugar in the 1990s.
the album features two covers, both from seminal early eighties post punk band mission of burma.	the album features two covers, both from early eighties post punk band mission of burma.
"he was also featured in collegehumor's revered ""jake and amir"" sketch series as amir's rap teacher."	"he was also featured in collegehumor's ""jake and amir"" sketch series as amir's rap teacher."
it has a palm with pinnate fronds and nasty spines along the margins of the petioles.	it has a palm with pinnate fronds and long sharp spines along the margins of the petioles.
the film is iconic in wales, being broadcast many times since it was first made.	the film is iconic in wales, being broadcast many times since it was made.
"curly brackets (so-called in proper english; north american english prefers braces) are sometimes used in prose to indicate a series of equal choices: ""select your animal {goat, sheep, cow, horse} and follow me""."	"curly brackets (so-called in british english; north american english prefers braces) are sometimes used in prose to indicate a series of equal choices: ""select your animal {goat, sheep, cow, horse} and follow me""."
initial research indicates that zfs clearly protects data better than earlier efforts.	initial research indicates that zfs protects data better than earlier efforts.
it is probable that the general resistance to the proper use of later-generation, much-improved oil-spill dispersants arose as a result of this botched operation.	it is probable that the general resistance to the proper use of later-generation, much-improved oil-spill dispersants arose as a result of this operation.
cyril died on june 27, 444, but the controversies were to continue for decades, from the robber council of ephesus in 449 to the council of chalcedon in 451 and beyond.	cyril died on june 27, 444, but the controversies were to continue for decades, from the second council of ephesus in 449 to the council of chalcedon in 451 and beyond.
ati has since merged with amd corporation and has taken small steps to make their hardware documentation available for use by the free software community .	ati has since merged with amd corporation and has taken steps to make their hardware documentation available for use by the free software community .
realclearpolitics is a right-leaning chicago based political website founded in 2000 by john mcintyre and tom bevan.	realclearpolitics is a chicago based political website founded in 2000 by john mcintyre and tom bevan.
the killer was not an immediate success in hong kong, but received great critical acclaim in the western world with critics praising the action scenes and its over the top style.	the killer was not an immediate success in hong kong, but received critical acclaim in the western world with critics praising the action scenes and its over the top style.
lashkar-e-toiba members have carried out major terrorist attacks against the republic of india.	lashkar-e-toiba members have carried out major attacks against the republic of india.
another was sokollu mehmed paa, a bosnian serb who became a grand vizier, served three sultans, and was the de facto ruler of the ottoman empire for more than 14 years.	another was sokollu mehmed paa, a bosnian who became a grand vizier, served three sultans, and was the de facto ruler of the ottoman empire for more than 14 years.
the feminist scholars reanalyzed the scientific revolution, and explained that the resulting science was based on the masculine ideology of exploiting the earth and control.	the feminist scholars reanalyzed the scientific revolution, and stated that the resulting science was based on the masculine ideology of exploiting the earth and control.
upworthy is a left-wing website for viral content started in march 2012 by eli pariser, the former executive director of moveon, and peter koechley, the former managing editor of the onion.	upworthy is a website for viral content started in march 2012 by eli pariser, the former executive director of moveon, and peter koechley, the former managing editor of the onion.
"even gun control advocate robert sherrill claimed: ""the gun control act of 1968 was passed not to control guns but to control blacks."""	"gun control advocate robert sherrill claimed: ""the gun control act of 1968 was passed not to control guns but to control blacks."""
because of their status as former oppressors , the turks have had a stormy relationship with bulgaria since its liberation.	because of their status as former rulers , the turks have had a stormy relationship with bulgaria since its liberation.
the luo are the originators of a number of interesting music styles, such as benga.	the luo are the originators of a number of music styles, such as benga.
in response to this overwrought description, the writer g. k. chesterton penned the vicious satirical poem, antichrist, or the reunion of christendom: an ode.	in response to this overwrought description, the writer g. k. chesterton penned the satirical poem, antichrist, or the reunion of christendom: an ode.
the primary motivation for this change in policy was the emerging recognition that government policy should not prohibit forms that are in active use and had a strong basis in the body of norwegian literary work.	the primary motivation for this change in policy was the emerging consensus that government policy should not prohibit forms that are in active use and had a strong basis in the body of norwegian literary work.
the current bypass, which was built in the late 1960s, is no longer functioning well as one due to unacceptably high traffic volumes and new intersections.	the current bypass, which was built in the late 1960s, is no longer functioning well as one due to high traffic volumes and new intersections.
'quebec bashing' has been denounced as dishonest, false, defamatory and sometimes prejudiced, racist, , colonialist, or hate speech by many people of all origins and political colours in quebec.	'quebec bashing' has been denounced as dishonest, false, defamatory and sometimes prejudiced, racist, , colonialist, or hate speech by many people of all origins and political colours both inside and outside quebec.
this was particularly important, since wilson would be facing the horsemen of the incomparable forrest.	this was particularly important, since wilson would be facing the horsemen of the iformidable forrest.
"many right wing scholars and journalists use robeson's friendship with the peoples of ussr and his deep admiration of russian culture as a means to incorrectly label him a stalinist and effectively negate his other achievements and political affiliations including his lifetime connections and friendships with american and european jews movie reviewer, richard corliss wrote in 1998 that robeson ""... was also a stubborn apologist for communism, stalin-style."""	"many right wing scholars and journalists use robeson's friendship with the peoples of ussr and his deep admiration of russian culture as a means to label him a stalinist and effectively negate his other achievements and political affiliations including his lifetime connections and friendships with american and european jews movie reviewer, richard corliss wrote in 1998 that robeson ""... was also a stubborn apologist for communism, stalin-style."""
a wide range of graduate degree programs was added to an existing strong undergraduate program that includes general music, composition, conducting and performance.	a wide range of graduate degree programs was added to an existing undergraduate program that includes general music, composition, conducting and performance.
alek wek (born 16 april 1977) is a south sudanese british supermodel and designer who first appeared on the catwalks at the age of 18 in 1995, sparking a career lasting to date.	alek wek (born 16 april 1977) is a south sudanese british model and designer who first appeared on the catwalks at the age of 18 in 1995, sparking a career lasting to date.
and criticizing the edits of william connolley.	and expressing concern over the edits of william connolley.
he placed second in the february 22nd, 2011 election, and was narrowly defeated by incumbent willie cochran in the april 5th, 2011 runoff election, placing 45.4 to cochran's 54.6.	he placed second in the february 22nd, 2011 election, and was defeated by incumbent willie cochran in the april 5th, 2011 runoff election, placing 45.4 to cochran's 54.6.
major events in seattle's history include the great seattle fire of 1889, which destroyed the central business district (but took no lives); the alaska-yukon-pacific exposition of 1909, which is largely responsible for the current layout of the university of washington campus; the seattle general strike of 1919, the first general strike in the country; the 1962 century 21 exposition, a world's fair; the 1990 goodwill games; and the wto ministerial conference of 1999, marked by street protests and a police riot.	major events in seattle's history include the great seattle fire of 1889, which destroyed the central business district (but took no lives); the alaska-yukon-pacific exposition of 1909, which is largely responsible for the current layout of the university of washington campus; the seattle general strike of 1919, the first general strike in the country; the 1962 century 21 exposition, a world's fair; the 1990 goodwill games; and the wto ministerial conference of 1999, marked by street protests and a anarchist riot.
fortunately , the committees responsible for developing the xri and xdi standards have expressly declared their intention to make sure that the standards are unencumbered and completely open source compatible.	however , the committees responsible for developing the xri and xdi standards have expressly declared their intention to make sure that the standards are unencumbered and completely open source compatible.
in 1947, at the time of the partition of india, the british offered the various princely states in the sub-continent the option of acceding to either india or pakistan, or continuing as an independent state.	in 1947, at the time of the partition of india, the british offered the various princely states in the sub-continent the option of acceding to either india or pakistan, or remaining as an independent state.
the goal of the operation was to carry out bombings and other acts of terrorism in egypt with the aim of creating an atmosphere in which the british and american opponents of british withdrawal from egypt would be able to gain the upper hand and block the british withdrawal from egypt.	the goal of the operation was to carry out bombings and other acts of sabotage in egypt with the aim of creating an atmosphere in which the british and american opponents of british withdrawal from egypt would be able to gain the upper hand and block the british withdrawal from egypt.
on may 19, 2016, one day before dr. tsai ing-wen assumes the democratic-elected president of taiwan , u.s. senators marco rubio (r-fl), a member of the senate foreign relations committee and senate select committee on intelligence and bob menendez (d-nj), former chair of the senate foreign relations committee and co-chair of the senate taiwan caucus, introduced a concurrent resolution reaffirming the taiwan relations act and the six assurances as cornerstones of united statestaiwan relations.	on may 19, 2016, one day before dr. tsai ing-wen assumes the democratic-elected president of the republic of china , u.s. senators marco rubio (r-fl), a member of the senate foreign relations committee and senate select committee on intelligence and bob menendez (d-nj), former chair of the senate foreign relations committee and co-chair of the senate taiwan caucus, introduced a concurrent resolution reaffirming the taiwan relations act and the six assurances as cornerstones of united statestaiwan relations.
support for continued use of the name has come from the team's owners and supportive fans, who believe that the name is honoring the achievements and virtues of native americans, and that it is not intended in a negative manner.	support for continued use of the name has come from the team's owners and supportive fans, who state that the name is honoring the achievements and virtues of native americans, and that it is not intended in a negative manner.
is a sexual act in which a woman is ejaculated on by several men.	is a sexual act in which a person is ejaculated on by several men.
while loyola academy is a jesuit, catholic school, it has always welcomed non-catholics seeking a loyola education.	while loyola academy is a jesuit, catholic school, it has always admitted non-catholics seeking a loyola education.
franco's intended successor, admiral luis carrero blanco, was killed in 1973 by a car bomb planted by the basque terrorist group eta.	franco's intended successor, admiral luis carrero blanco, was killed in 1973 by a car bomb planted by the basque nationalist group eta.
carilda oliver labra, 96, cuban poetess .	carilda oliver labra, 96, cuban poet .
"whoop-de-dooper bounce is a happy song from the 2000 disney film: the tigger movie it is sung by the film's protagonist, ""tigger"" (voiced by jim cummings) to the character ""roo"" as he explains how his trademark ""tiggerific"" bounce is performed."	"whoop-de-dooper bounce is a song from the 2000 disney film: the tigger movie it is sung by the film's protagonist, ""tigger"" (voiced by jim cummings) to the character ""roo"" as he explains how his trademark ""tiggerific"" bounce is performed."
democratic party (partidul democrat, pd) - separated from the socialist national salvation front in 1993. one of the current governing parties, and a member of the justice and truth alliance.	democratic party (partidul democrat, pd) - separated from the national salvation front in 1993. one of the current governing parties, and a member of the justice and truth alliance.
in-game music was removed and, due to the port's censorship, many items were renamed to avoid drug and sex references, and new lines of dialogue were recorded specifically for this version to remove swearing .	in-game music was removed and, due to the port's censorship, many items were renamed to avoid drug and sex references, and new lines of dialogue were recorded specifically for this version to remove profanity .
the newspaper was accused of misusing free speech by muslim groups - as well as groups of progressive danes, and the resulting controversy led to the withdrawal of ambassadors by libya, saudi arabia and syria, as well as consumer boycotts of danish products in several islamic countries.	the newspaper was accused of misusing free speech by muslim groups - as well as groups of left-wing danes, and the resulting controversy led to the withdrawal of ambassadors by libya, saudi arabia and syria, as well as consumer boycotts of danish products in several islamic countries.
he reported that fifty-eight villages had been destroyed, five monasteries demolished, and fifteen thousand rebels killed.	he reported that fifty-eight villages had been destroyed, five monasteries demolished, and fifteen thousand people killed.
he is well known for his deep, booming voice and his intimidating size.	he is well known for his deep, booming voice and his large size.
in emily mann's play, mrs. packard describes her life fully in the insane asylum; it is very historically accurate.	in emily mann's play, mrs. packard describes her life fully in the insane asylum; it is considered historically accurate.
alongside prudence glynn of the times and alison settle of the observer, she was among the pioneers of british fashion journalism within the context of a reputable national newspaper; as a bylined columnist, she had influence on public perception of trends in clothing, as well as on the industry itself.	alongside prudence glynn of the times and alison settle of the observer, she was among the pioneers of british fashion journalism within the context of a broadsheet national newspaper; as a bylined columnist, she had influence on public perception of trends in clothing, as well as on the industry itself.
"some ""countercult"" groups actually consider other similar groups to be non-christian, due to additional disagreements over doctrine or the use of a different translation of the bible."	"some ""countercult"" groups consider other similar groups to be non-christian, due to additional disagreements over doctrine or the use of a different translation of the bible."
the free software foundation maintains a list of gnu/ linux distributions that the foundation has indicated meet their criteria for a free system distribution, as defined by their free software definition.	the free software foundation maintains a list of linux distributions that the foundation has indicated meet their criteria for a free system distribution, as defined by their free software definition.
"william charles ""bill"" ayers (born 26 december 1944) is an american elementary education theorist and former leading 1960s militant terrorist ."	"william charles ""bill"" ayers (born 26 december 1944) is an american elementary education theorist and former leading 1960s militant."
in one scene of the tv series, animation subcontractor anime fiend mistakenly drew laser fire coming from two farings in the nose instead of the head lasers under the fuselage.	in one scene of the tv series, animation subcontractor anime friend mistakenly drew laser fire coming from two farings in the nose instead of the head lasers under the fuselage.
after an israeli air force strike killed 7 hamas militants in the gaza strip the day before, hamas responded by launching rockets and assumed responsibility for all missiles from gaza.	after an israeli air force strike killed 7 hamas militants in the gaza strip the day before, hamas responded by launching rockets and assumed responsibility for all rockets fired from gaza.
wimpy features exciting new dcor, seating and signage and a return to the original wimpy colours of red and white.	wimpy features new dcor, seating and signage and a return to the original wimpy colours of red and white.
the telephone is mentioned early in the book, but is conspicuously absent from the litany of 'goodnight ...' salutations.	the telephone is mentioned early in the book, but is absent from the litany of 'goodnight ...' salutations.
after an irregular group led by eduardo rzsa-flores was broken up by police hugo acha, the former president of hrf bolivia, was accused of alleged links with it.	after an irregular group led by eduardo rzsa-flores was broken up by police hugo acha, the former president of hrf bolivia, was suspected of alleged links with it.
nigel bates is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul bradley from 1992 to 1998.	nigel bates is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul bradley from 1992 to 1998.
december 11, 2009: dubai (uae): pilots mohammad al mehairi from the uae, and jean-marc sanchez of france, were tragically killed following a racing accident during race one of the dubai grand prix, the final round of the class 1 world powerboat championship.	december 11, 2009: dubai (uae): pilots mohammad al mehairi from the uae, and jean-marc sanchez of france, were killed following a racing accident during race one of the dubai grand prix, the final round of the class 1 world powerboat championship.
"village history is expounded in the excellent book ""little melton, the story of a norfolk village"", edited by anne carter."	"village history is expounded in the book ""little melton, the story of a norfolk village"", edited by anne carter."
joshua josh duggar (born 1988), american disgraced reality tv participant and political activist	joshua josh duggar (born 1988), american reality tv participant and political activist
the smritis also include the s, which illustrate hindu ideas through vivid mythological narratives.	the smritis also include the s, which illustrate hindu ideas through vivid narratives.
in a january 14, 2014 press conference at the california capitol, de leon held up an ar-15 and nonsensically stated this is a ghost gun.	in a january 14, 2014 press conference at the california capitol, de leon held up an ar-15 and stated this is a ghost gun.
"she also claims to hold a ph.d in ""intuition and energy medicine"", but the alleged degree was granted by greenwich university, a now-defunct correspondence school that was never accredited to deliver higher education awards by any recognised government accreditation authority."	"she also claims to hold a ph.d in ""intuition and energy medicine"", but the degree was granted by greenwich university, a now-defunct correspondence school that was never accredited to deliver higher education awards by any recognised government accreditation authority."
the study of women in islam investigates the role status of women within the religion of islam.	the study of women in islam investigates the role of women within the religion of islam.
the 40/40 club is a chain of all-american sports bars and lounges owned by hip hop mogul jay-z and partners desiree gonzalez and juan prez.	the 40/40 club is a chain of sports bars and lounges owned by hip hop mogul jay-z and partners desiree gonzalez and juan prez.
officials in haiti state that at least 230,000 people died in the 2010 haiti earthquake, but that number may yet grow, threatening the 2004 indian ocean earthquake as the deadliest natural disaster of the 21st century thus far.	officials in haiti state that at least 230,000 people died in the 2010 haiti earthquake, but that number may yet grow, approaching the 2004 indian ocean earthquake as the deadliest natural disaster of the 21st century thus far.
the winter park philharmonic was selected to perform at the prestigious 60th annual midwest band and orchestra clinic in chicago in december 2006. laux has announced, however, that he will not be remaining at wphs for the 2007-2008 school year, because of a scholarship opportunity at ohio state university.	the winter park philharmonic was selected to perform at the 60th annual midwest band and orchestra clinic in chicago in december 2006. laux has announced, however, that he will not be remaining at wphs for the 2007-2008 school year, because of a scholarship opportunity at ohio state university.
reluctantly allows pandora to sacrifice herself to open the box and mourns her passing , as pandora reminded him of his deceased child calliope.	reluctantly allows pandora to sacrifice herself to open the box and mourns her death , as pandora reminded him of his deceased child calliope.
he retired from the navy in 1981 as a decorated captain.	he retired from the navy in 1981 as a captain.
rudolph dirks (february 26, 1877 – april 20, 1968) was one of the earliest and most successful comic strip artists.	rudolph dirks (february 26, 1877 – april 20, 1968) was one of the earliest and most noted comic strip artists.
recently they were one of the first uk stores to reduce the price of the playstation 3 to just 399.99 (from 425) including x-men: the last stand on blu-ray.	recently they were one of the first uk stores to reduce the price of the playstation 3 to 399.99 (from 425) including x-men: the last stand on blu-ray.
anissa is the first black woman on television to be both queer and a superhero.	anissa is the first black woman on television to be both gay and a superhero.
nazi gas van used to kill people at chelmno extermination camp.	nazi gas van used to murder people at chelmno extermination camp.
ijs was launched in 2007 as a scholarly outlet for a diverse range of perspectives and disciplinary approaches to the work of slavoj iek, a hard-to-categorize slovenian critical philosopher and cultural theorist who, with an inimitable blend of provocation and deep insight, has imaginatively applied his mix of german idealist philosophy and lacanian pyschoanalytical theory to a stunning range of cultural and political topics.	ijs was launched in 2007 as a scholarly outlet for a diverse range of perspectives and disciplinary approaches to the work of slavoj iek, a hard-to-categorize slovenian critical philosopher and cultural theorist who, with an inimitable blend of provocation and deep insight, has imaginatively applied his mix of german idealist philosophy and lacanian pyschoanalytical theory to a range of cultural and political topics.
arvn forces included the well-decorated 52nd ranger battalion, as well as relatively weak territorial forces of 17 regional force (rf) companies and 47 popular force (pf) platoons; in total some 4,500 men.	arvn forces included the 52nd ranger battalion, as well as relatively weak territorial forces of 17 regional force (rf) companies and 47 popular force (pf) platoons; in total some 4,500 men.
2014: wimbledon runner-up, and davis cup glory	2014: wimbledon runner-up, and davis cup win
the good man jesus and the scoundrel christ is a great novel by philip pullman.	the good man jesus and the scoundrel christ is a novel by philip pullman.
- are destroyed by the application of the historical cost accounting model when they are not inflation-adjusted.	- are eroded by the application of the historical cost accounting model when they are not inflation-adjusted.
the thomas more law center gained notoriety as the law firm for the defendants in one of the country's first intelligent design cases, kitzmiller v. dover area school district.	the thomas more law center gained attention as the law firm for the defendants in one of the country's first intelligent design cases, kitzmiller v. dover area school district.
they argue further that it defines power, control and dominion over wildness, freedom and life.	they state further that it defines power, control and dominion over wildness, freedom and life.
eric garner (september 15, 1970 july 17, 2014) was an african american man who was murdered in staten island, new york by a police officer who put him in a chokehold, a tactic banned by the new york city police department.	eric garner (september 15, 1970 july 17, 2014) was an african american man who was killed in staten island, new york by a police officer who put him in a chokehold, a tactic banned by the new york city police department.
the possum's rank odour is due to its over-sized musk glands located behind each ear.	the possum's rank odour is due to its large musk glands located behind each ear.
the results revealed a large substance- abusing cohort within the ranks of enlisted persons and officers.	the results revealed a large substance- using cohort within the ranks of enlisted persons and officers.
at the height of this terrible crisis, operation recuperation involved 15,784 deployed personnel (including 3,740 reservists) from all three cf commands; 10,550 in quebec, 4,850 in ontario and 384 in new brunswick.	at the height of this crisis, operation recuperation involved 15,784 deployed personnel (including 3,740 reservists) from all three cf commands; 10,550 in quebec, 4,850 in ontario and 384 in new brunswick.
the process allows hearing individual voices while providing a mechanism for dealing with disagreements.	the process is intended to allow hearing individual voices while providing a mechanism for dealing with disagreements.
dring received the prestigious iffland-ring in 1872. dringstrasse in friedrichshain in berlin was named for him.	dring received the iffland-ring in 1872. dringstrasse in friedrichshain in berlin was named for him.
she is known for her dominance in a short course pool and unmatched underwater kicking ability.	she is known for her dominance in a short course pool and underwater kicking ability.
the game also achieved minor notoriety, particularly in the 1980s, due to exploitation of its imagery by many fundamentalists for the purpose of scaring parents of players; they alleged that the game promoted, among other things, devil worship, witchcraft, suicide, and murder.	the game also achieved minor notoriety, particularly in the 1980s, due to use of its imagery by many fundamentalists for the purpose of scaring parents of players; they alleged that the game promoted, among other things, devil worship, witchcraft, suicide, and murder.
that compares with persistent anti-vehicle mines which remain lethal for about 30 years and are perfectly legal under the ottawa convention.	that compares with persistent anti-vehicle mines which remain lethal for about 30 years and are legal under the ottawa convention.
all members of the air force band and honor guard have the responsibility of representing the united states and the air force in a variety of military/civilian ceremonies, conducted throughout washington, d.c., including ceremonies at the white house, pentagon, national mall, arlington national cemetery and the sacred tomb of the unknown soldier.	all members of the air force band and honor guard have the responsibility of representing the united states and the air force in a variety of military/civilian ceremonies, conducted throughout washington, d.c., including ceremonies at the white house, pentagon, national mall, arlington national cemetery and the tomb of the unknown soldier.
urban planners in the public role often assist the public and serve as valued technical advisors in the myriad web of the community's political environment.	urban planners in the public role often assist the public and serve as technical advisors in the myriad web of the community's political environment.
the ngee ann kongsi has generously agreed to match every dollar contributed up to sgd$250,000.	the ngee ann kongsi has agreed to match every dollar contributed up to sgd$250,000.
socom is a series of popular third-person shooter video games created by zipper interactive.	socom is a series of third-person shooter video games created by zipper interactive.
the finley management was great at marketing.	the finley management was very effective at marketing.
the events of 56 october 1789, in which a mob of parisian women marched on versailles to compel king louis xvi to return to paris, turned burke against it.	the events of 56 october 1789, in which a crowd of parisian women marched on versailles to compel king louis xvi to return to paris, turned burke against it.
the couple have three adorable children: a daughter, tallulah fyfe, born in february 20, 2002, and twin boys darby galen and adorable sullivan patrick, born on february 1, 2007.	the couple have three children: a daughter, tallulah fyfe, born in february 20, 2002, and twin boys darby galen and adorable sullivan patrick, born on february 1, 2007.
her life was tragically cut short just as that was about to happen.	her life was cut short just as that was about to happen.
irish republicans stage a major riot in dublin to stop a unionist march (pictured).	irish republicans stage a riot in dublin to stop a unionist march (pictured).
the circumstances of the founding combined with the new problem of three debating organizations competing to recruit the limited supply of conservative undergraduates established a new equilibrium among the parties in the ypu.	the circumstances of the event combined with the new problem of three debating organizations competing to recruit the limited supply of conservative undergraduates established a new equilibrium among the parties in the ypu.
the geological history of earth began 4.567 billion years ago when the planets of the solar system were formed out of the solar nebula, a disk-shaped mass of dust and gas left over from the formation of the sun.	the geological history of earth is believed to have begun 4.567 billion years ago when the planets of the solar system were formed out of the solar nebula, a disk-shaped mass of dust and gas left over from the formation of the sun.
a memorial to the massacre was built in the substantially arab-american city of dearborn, michigan:	a memorial to the incident was built in the substantially arab-american city of dearborn, michigan:
"english speakers (and czechs speaking english) sometimes wrongly refer to the country simply as ""czech,"" using the adjective as a noun."	"english speakers (and czechs speaking english) sometimes refer to the country simply as ""czech,"" using the adjective as a noun."
the referendum failed and also set back plans for a referendum in the uk as a result.	the referendum resulted in a decision to retain the krone, and also set back plans for a referendum in the uk as a result.
he had key roles in two michael douglas films, a perfect murder and the in-laws.	he had roles in two michael douglas films, a perfect murder and the in-laws.
popoff's miracle water and a copy of james randi's book the faith healers, which details popoff's fraudulent activities.	popoff's miracle water and a copy of james randi's book the faith healers, which details popoff's activities.
"in the new york times, steven rattner called the fancy new building of the peterson institute ""the locker room of the team globalization and free trade cheering squad."""	"in the new york times, steven rattner called the new building of the peterson institute ""the locker room of the team globalization and free trade cheering squad."""
during the takeover or related holding of the village, according to conclusions drawn from villager oral histories in a 1998 study by beir zeit university, between approximately 107 and 120 palestinian arab civilians were killed by elements of two jewish terrorist organizations.	during the takeover or related holding of the village, according to conclusions drawn from villager oral histories in a 1998 study by beir zeit university, between approximately 107 and 120 palestinian arab civilians were killed by elements of two jewish nationalist irregular military organizations.
the height of each of the buildings, which are now mostly business offices, were notoriously built according to each of the measurements of noah's ark as described in the bible .	the height of each of the buildings, which are now mostly business offices, were built according to each of the measurements of noah's ark as described in the bible .
and part of my being healthy is to be outside exercising.	and part of my being is to be outside exercising.
the eternal jew is a 1940 antisemitic german nazi propaganda film.	the eternal jew is a 1940 german nazi propaganda film.
a few portions of the original road can still be found, however, and in modern times at least one man has managed to follow and walk much of it.	a few portions of the original road can still be found, however, and in modern times at least one person has managed to follow and walk much of it.
after the painful penalty his co-driver took over the wheel and they were allowed to continue.	after the penalty his co-driver took over the wheel and they were allowed to continue.
the wonderful red brick row-houses - constructed in the late 1800s - have been restored to their former magnificence, in many cases being converted back to single-family homes (many had been converted to multi-family rental properties during less prosperous times).	the red brick row-houses - constructed in the late 1800s - have been restored to their former magnificence, in many cases being converted back to single-family homes (many had been converted to multi-family rental properties during less prosperous times).
"the phrase novus ordo seclorum (english pronunciation: ) latin for ""new order of the ages"") appears on the reverse of the great seal of the united states, first designed in 1782 and printed on the back of the united states one-dollar bill since 1935. the phrase is sometimes translated as ""new world order"" by people who believe in a conspiracy behind the design."	"the phrase novus ordo seclorum (english pronunciation: ) latin for ""new order of the ages"") appears on the reverse of the great seal of the united states, first designed in 1782 and printed on the back of the united states one-dollar bill since 1935. the phrase is sometimes mistranslated as ""new world order"" by people who believe in a conspiracy behind the design."
while the isthmus between asia and africa and that between the two americas are today navigable, via the suez and panama canals respectively, man-made diversions and canals are generally not accepted on their own accord as continent-defining boundaries; the suez canal happens to traverse the isthmus between the mediterranean sea and red sea, dividing asia and africa.	while the isthmus between asia and africa and that between the two americas are today navigable, via the suez and panama canals respectively, artificial diversions and canals are generally not accepted on their own accord as continent-defining boundaries; the suez canal happens to traverse the isthmus between the mediterranean sea and red sea, dividing asia and africa.
firing to protect her charges, she splashed at least one enemy plane, and aided survivors of torpedoed beatty (dd-640), and two merchantmen.	firing to protect her charges, she shot down at least one enemy plane, and aided survivors of torpedoed beatty (dd-640), and two merchantmen.
the australian league of rights is a fringe political organisation in australia that claims to uphold the virtues of freedom.	the australian league of rights is a minor political organisation in australia that claims to uphold the virtues of freedom.
"in addition, the po box that was listed on the ""ballot application"" is the address of an anti- choice group, wisconsin family action as opposed to an official state address."	"in addition, the po box that was listed on the ""ballot application"" is the address of an anti- abortion group, wisconsin family action as opposed to an official state address."
nevertheless, its ability to hold 13 rounds of ammunition, nearly double that of the colt m1911, made it very desirable as a military-issue pistol.	nevertheless, its ability to hold 13 rounds of ammunition, nearly double that of the colt m1911, made it very popular as a military-issue pistol.
the mets captured the nl east title in 2006 and returned to the playoffs for the first time since 2000. wright struggled in his first postseason, going 4-25 (.160) in the mets' heartbreaking nlcs loss to the st. louis cardinals and batting a combined .216 in 10 postseason games.	the mets captured the nl east title in 2006 and returned to the playoffs for the first time since 2000. wright struggled in his first postseason, going 4-25 (.160) in the mets' nlcs loss to the st. louis cardinals and batting a combined .216 in 10 postseason games.
"as a rosh yeshiva of rabbi isaac elchanan theological seminary at yeshiva university in new york city, the rav (variantly spelled the rov, yet pronounced the ruv, similar to his illustrious uncle rabbi yitzchok zev soloveitchik who was called ""the rov""), as he came to be known, ordained close to 2,000 rabbis over the course of almost half a century."	"as a rosh yeshiva of rabbi isaac elchanan theological seminary at yeshiva university in new york city, the rav (variantly spelled the rov, yet pronounced the ruv, similar to his uncle rabbi yitzchok zev soloveitchik who was called ""the rov""), as he came to be known, ordained close to 2,000 rabbis over the course of almost half a century."
the allocation and transfer of responsibilities between ministers and departments is also generally at his discretion.	the allocation and transfer of responsibilities between ministers and departments is also generally at the prime ministers' discretion.
the construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild after the original world trade center complex was destroyed during the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001.	the construction is part of an effort to memorialize and rebuild after the original world trade center complex was destroyed during the attacks of september 11, 2001.
in what may have been the shortest life of any vessel built under the emergency shipbuilding program of world war ii, the ss quinault victory began with her keel laying in portland, oregon on may 3, 1944 and tragically ended 12 weeks later with her keel up in the shallow waters of suisun bay, california on july 17, 1944. quinault victory was the 31st victory ship to be launched by oregon shipbuilding corporation in portland, oregon on june 17, 1944. its sponsor was mrs. carroll mcqueen with mrs. a.t. eaton and mrs. walter a. sovey as matrons of honor and flower girl ruth burgwald.	in what may have been the shortest life of any vessel built under the emergency shipbuilding program of world war ii, the ss quinault victory began with her keel laying in portland, oregon on may 3, 1944 and ended 12 weeks later with her keel up in the shallow waters of suisun bay, california on july 17, 1944. quinault victory was the 31st victory ship to be launched by oregon shipbuilding corporation in portland, oregon on june 17, 1944. its sponsor was mrs. carroll mcqueen with mrs. a.t. eaton and mrs. walter a. sovey as matrons of honor and flower girl ruth burgwald.
"arriaga commanded the portuguese forces in the mozambican conflict from 1969 until 1974, taking over from general augusto dos santos and organising the ill-fated operation n grdio (""gordian knot"") in 1970."	"arriaga commanded the portuguese forces in the mozambican conflict from 1969 until 1974, taking over from general augusto dos santos and organising the operation n grdio (""gordian knot"") in 1970."
marina nikolayevna oswald porter (ne prusakova; born on july 17, 1941) is the widow of lee harvey oswald, the alleged assassin of u.s. president john f. kennedy.	marina nikolayevna oswald porter (ne prusakova; born on july 17, 1941) is the widow of lee harvey oswald, the assassin of u.s. president john f. kennedy.
red hair (also referred to as auburn, ginger, ranga or titian) varies from a beautiful deep orange-red through burnt orange to bright copper.	red hair (also referred to as auburn, ginger, ranga or titian) varies from a deep orange-red through burnt orange to bright copper.
it is for this reason that people who abstain from eating all meat must plan their diet carefully to include sources of all the necessary amino acids.	it is for this reason that people who abstain from eating all meat must plan their diet to include sources of all the necessary amino acids.
coulter is a popular conservative commentator for her brand of outspoken criticism of liberal and democratic party members and policies.	coulter is a well-known conservative commentator for her brand of outspoken criticism of liberal and democratic party members and policies.
vande matharam sung by inimitable lata mangeshkar in anand math	vande matharam sung by lata mangeshkar in anand math
the book documents the report of a so-called near-death experience by burpo's then-four-year-old son, colton.	the book documents the report of a near-death experience by burpo's then-four-year-old son, colton.
the report highlights abuses committed by anglogold ashanti subsidiaries in colombia, ghana and mali.	the report alleges abuses committed by anglogold ashanti subsidiaries in colombia, ghana and mali.
westmont offers 26 dynamic majors.	westmont offers 26 majors.
today, the magazine has a slightly intellectual, centrist to moderately social liberal profile, setting it apart from the more conservative wprost and the glossier approach of newsweek poland.	today, the magazine has a slightly intellectual, centrist to moderately social liberal profile, setting it apart from the more aggressive conservatism of wprost and the glossier approach of newsweek poland.
of the seven, only three (hess allegedly took his own life) fully served their sentences before being released; the remaining three, neurath, raeder, and funk, were released earlier due to ill health.	of the seven, only three (hess took his own life) fully served their sentences before being released; the remaining three, neurath, raeder, and funk, were released earlier due to ill health.
in another episode, the performers were comedienne pamela hawken, singing act the ross brothers, singer val collet, and piano-accordionist benny saitta.	in another episode, the performers were comedian pamela hawken, singing act the ross brothers, singer val collet, and piano-accordionist benny saitta.
eurythmy was born in 1911 when a widow brought her young daughter, lory smits, who was interested in movement and dance, to the austrian philosopher rudolf steiner.	eurythmy was conceived in 1911 when a widow brought her young daughter, lory smits, who was interested in movement and dance, to the austrian philosopher rudolf steiner.
"the introduction to the song in the music video is taken from the infamous track ""kim"" on the same album."	"the introduction to the song in the music video is taken from the track ""kim"" on the same album."
meggan is a fictional character, a comic book superhero ine in the marvel comics universe.	meggan is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in the marvel comics universe.
the ruins, including a temple, banqueting halls and tombs, were excavated by a swedish team in early 20th century, as well as the spectacular views over the valley, attract the interest of rather few adventurous visitors prepared for the climb.	the ruins, including a temple, banqueting halls and tombs, were excavated by a swedish team in early 20th century, as well as the views over the valley, attract the interest of rather few adventurous visitors prepared for the climb.
most of the monuments are built in the lovely soft local stone known as tuffeau.	most of the monuments are built in the soft local stone known as tuffeau.
from the eighteenth century the language went into a decline, rapidly losing ground to english due in part to restrictions dictated by british occupation - a conspicuous example of the process known by linguists as language shift.	from the eighteenth century the language went into a decline, rapidly losing ground to english due in part to restrictions dictated by british rule - a conspicuous example of the process known by linguists as language shift.
margaret thatcher, a radical reformer of britain.	margaret thatcher, a reformer of britain.
julia stegner (b. november 2, 1984 in munich, bavaria) is a german supermodel .	julia stegner (b. november 2, 1984 in munich, bavaria) is a german model .
she transferred this money to various charitable organizations such as the quaker-help organization in russia in 1920. later they gave the shares back to the workers in the cadbury factory.	she transferred this money to various charitable organizations such as the quaker-help organization in russia in 1920. later they gave the shares to the workers in the cadbury factory.
it was formed with the aid and direction of the united states government following the gulf war, for the purpose of fomenting the overthrow of iraqi dictator saddam hussein.	it was formed with the aid and direction of the united states government following the gulf war, for the purpose of fomenting the overthrow of iraqi leader saddam hussein.
the sale of brilliant young forward nicolas anelka to real madrid made the following season's task all the more difficult.	the sale of young forward nicolas anelka to real madrid made the following season's task all the more difficult.
this fact-based theory stands in clear contrast to the court-accepted version of death due to starvation.	this theory stands in clear contrast to the court-accepted version of death due to starvation.
born in chongqing, china, li is most well known for being the youngest pianist to win the prestigious international frederick chopin piano competition at the age of 18. li currently resides in hannover, germany, where he studies with his teacher arie vardi at the hannover conservatory of music.	born in chongqing, china, li is most well known for being the youngest pianist to win the international frederick chopin piano competition at the age of 18. li currently resides in hannover, germany, where he studies with his teacher arie vardi at the hannover conservatory of music.
she asserts that this contributes to the inaccurate idea that men are superior to women which is ingrained in cultures.	she asserts that this contributes to the idea that men are superior to women which is ingrained in cultures.
senna would go on to claim pole position at imola every year from 1985-1991 as well as the 1994 race in which he would tragically lose his life.	senna would go on to claim pole position at imola every year from 1985-1991 as well as the 1994 race in which he would lose his life.
gabrielle drake as lt. gay ellis wearing the infamous ufo purple wig.	gabrielle drake as lt. gay ellis wearing the trademark ufo purple wig.
whereas many studies have shown that the atkins diet helps prevent cardiovascular disease, lowers the low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol, and increases the amount of hdl cholesterol, other studies claim that the diet contributes to cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, osteoporosis, and kidney stones.	whereas many studies have claim that the atkins diet helps prevent cardiovascular disease, lowers the low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol, and increases the amount of hdl cholesterol, other studies claim that the diet contributes to cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, osteoporosis, and kidney stones.
the roller can be a simple drum with a handle that is operated by one man , and weighs 100 pounds, or as large as a ride-on road roller weighing 21 short tons (44,000 lb or 20 tonnes) and costing more than us$150,000.	the roller can be a simple drum with a handle that is operated by one person , and weighs 100 pounds, or as large as a ride-on road roller weighing 21 short tons (44,000 lb or 20 tonnes) and costing more than us$150,000.
pacificism may be used as an alternative spelling of pacifism.	pacificism may be used as an incorrect spelling of pacifism.
the creator of the wonderful space simulation game orbiter.	the creator of the space simulation game orbiter.
the song was a collaboration with german comedienne hella von sinnen, who sang a duet with plate in the song.	the song was a collaboration with german comedian hella von sinnen, who sang a duet with plate in the song.
3-d secure is an exciting xml-based protocol used as an added layer of security for online credit and debit card transactions.	3-d secure is an xml-based protocol used as an added layer of security for online credit and debit card transactions.
he is an extremely intelligent, popular, but bored young man who finds the death note dropped by the shinigami ryuk by pure chance.	he is an intelligent, popular, but bored young man who finds the death note dropped by the shinigami ryuk by pure chance.
a bill for sexual assault survivors' rights was conceived by amanda nguyen and her nonprofit organization rise (non-governmental organization), after her experience as a survivor navigating the broken criminal justice system in massachusetts.	a bill for sexual assault survivors' rights was conceived by amanda nguyen and her nonprofit organization rise (non-governmental organization), after her experience as a survivor navigating the criminal justice system in massachusetts.
further and higher education is also available at west kent college which recently has announced it will be building a new multi million pound campus.	further and higher education is available at west kent college which recently has announced it will be building a new multi million pound campus.
its only major rival in the soft drink industry globally is pepsi, which began as a coke imitator in the early 20th century.	its only major rival in the soft drink industry is pepsi, which began as a coke imitator in the early 20th century.
asparukh (also asparuh, isperih or ispor) was ruler of a proto-turkic bulgar kingdom in the second half of the 7th century and is credited with the establishment of the first bulgarian empire in 680/681.	asparukh (also asparuh, isperih or ispor) was ruler of a bulgar kingdom in the second half of the 7th century and is credited with the establishment of the first bulgarian empire in 680/681.
pakistan is locked in other territorial disputes with india such as the siachin glacier and sir creek.pakistan is also currently having dialogue with india regarding the baglihar dam being built over river chenab in indian occupied kashmir .	pakistan is locked in other territorial disputes with india such as the siachin glacier and sir creek.pakistan is also currently having dialogue with india regarding the baglihar dam being built over river chenab in indian -administered kashmir.
the fbi has endured public criticism and internal conflict in the past decade.	the fbi has encountered public criticism and internal conflict in the past decade.
letts is the person behind the daily mail's excellent clement crabbe column and is also the paper's theatre critic and political sketchwriter.	letts is the person behind the daily mail's clement crabbe column and is also the paper's theatre critic and political sketchwriter.
in 1606 it was the departure point of the invasion of north america launched by the london virginia company.	in 1606 it was the departure point of the colonization of north america launched by the london virginia company.
other discoveries in linguistics, such as the role of palatalization in indo-european language change, comprehensively discredited the idea that sanskrit could be the mother of other ie languages.	other discoveries in linguistics, such as the role of palatalization in indo-european language change, discredited the idea that sanskrit could be the mother of other ie languages.
located in baltistan, the disputed gilgit-baltistan region administered by pakistan, nanga parbat is one of the eight-thousanders, with a summit elevation of .	located in baltistan, the gilgit-baltistan region administered by pakistan, nanga parbat is one of the eight-thousanders, with a summit elevation of .
with 40 percent of votes officially counted, correa, with 25.03 percent of the vote in the october 15 election, trails very closely behind right-wing banana tycoon lvaro noboa who is at 25.2 percent.	with 40 percent of votes officially counted, correa, with 25.03 percent of the vote in the october 15 election, trails very closely behind banana tycoon lvaro noboa who is at 25.2 percent.
on 22 january 2007 a report by the police ombudsman for northern ireland nuala o'loan exposed evidence of collusion between terrorists and officers under the command of ronnie flanagan.	on 22 january 2007 a report by the police ombudsman for northern ireland nuala o'loan exposed evidence of collusion between paramilitaries and officers under the command of ronnie flanagan.
also instrumental in exposing eichmann's identity was lothar hermann, a worker of jewish descent who fled to argentina from germany following his incarceration in the dachau concentration camp, where eichmann had ironically served as an adminnistrator.	also instrumental in exposing eichmann's identity was lothar hermann, a worker of jewish descent who fled to argentina from germany following his incarceration in the dachau concentration camp, where eichmann had served as an adminnistrator.
the bombing of dresden has been used by holocaust deniers and pro-nazi polemicistsmost notably by the british writer david irving in his book the destruction of dresdenin an attempt to establish a moral equivalence between the war crimes committed by the nazi government and the indiscriminate killing of german civilians by allied bombing raids.	the bombing of dresden has been used by holocaust deniers and pro-nazi polemicistsmost notably by the british writer david irving in his book the destruction of dresdenin an attempt to establish a moral equivalence between the war crimes committed by the nazi government and the killing of german civilians by allied bombing raids.
not unnaturally , this inflamed the muslim world.	not entirely unsurprisingly , this inflamed the muslim world.
under stalin, who replaced the new economic policy (nep) of the 1920s with five year plans (introduced in 1928) and collective farming, the soviet union was transformed from a peasant society to a major world industrial power; meanwhile stalin consolidated his personal power and eliminated effective political opposition during the 1930s through a combination of cunning beneficence, tactical retreats, and ruthless purges (see gulag) that resulted in millions of deaths.	under stalin, who replaced the new economic policy (nep) of the 1920s with five year plans (introduced in 1928) and collective farming, the soviet union was transformed from a peasant society to a major world industrial power; meanwhile stalin consolidated his personal power and eliminated effective political opposition during the 1930s through a combination of beneficence, tactical retreats, and ruthless purges (see gulag) that resulted in millions of deaths.
it was created by bernard von nothaus the creator of the free marijuana church of honolulu and the co-founder of the so-called royal hawaiian mint company.	it was created by bernard von nothaus the creator of the free marijuana church of honolulu and the co-founder of the royal hawaiian mint company.
capone was conveniently on vacation in florida at the time.	capone was on vacation in florida at the time.
its tactics include litigation, foia requests, congressional ethics complaints, internal revenue service complaints, federal election commission complaints, and requests for investigation with government agencies.	its activities include litigation, foia requests, congressional ethics complaints, internal revenue service complaints, federal election commission complaints, and requests for investigation with government agencies.
oak harbor marina is located in oak harbor, washington, between metropolitan seattle and the beautiful san juan islands.	oak harbor marina is located in oak harbor, washington, between metropolitan seattle and the san juan islands.
despite being dominated in the first round, clarke won the fight via submission due to a d'arce choke in the second round.	after being dominated in the first round, clarke won the fight via submission due to a d'arce choke in the second round.
apart from its practical utility, a comb is clearly a symbol of cleanliness.	apart from its practical utility, a comb is considered a symbol of cleanliness.
miaoulis was born in piraeus in 1868, to the renowned hydriot family of miaoulis.	miaoulis was born in piraeus in 1868, to the hydriot family of miaoulis.
in this article, monbiot claims that the lower temperature in 2008 was fully predicted, and resulting from the la nina effect.	in this article, monbiot explains that the lower temperature in 2008 was fully predicted, and resulting from the la nina effect.
overall, the eskimos have 13 grey cups, while the stampeders only have 5.	overall, the eskimos have 13 grey cups, while the stampeders have 5.
the leaders of palestinian terrorist organizations were targeted for assassinations by israel.	the leaders of palestinian militant organizations were targeted for assassinations by israel.
it offers breathtaking panoramic view of dhule city.	it offers a panoramic view of dhule city.
anarcho-primitivists, based on several anthropological references, argue that hunter-gatherer societies, by their very nature are less susceptible to war, violence and diseases.	anarcho-primitivists, based on several anthropological references, state that hunter-gatherer societies, by their very nature are less susceptible to war, violence and diseases.
centre|the dreaming spires of oxford facing christ church to the south (christ church cathedral on the left and tom tower on the right).	centre|the spires of oxford facing christ church to the south (christ church cathedral on the left and tom tower on the right).
"monbiot believes that drastic action coupled with strong political will is needed to combat global warming, monbiot states that climate change is the ""moral question of the 21st century"" and that there is little time for debate or objections to a raft of emergency action he believes will stop climate change, including; setting targets on greenhouse emissions using the latest science; issuing every citizen with a 'personal carbon ration'; new building regulations with houses built to german passivhaus standard; banning incandescent lightbulbs, patio heaters, garden floodlights and other inefficient technologies; constructing large offshore wind farms, replacing the national gas grid with a hydrogen pipe network; a new national coach network to make journeys using public transport faster than using a car; all petrol stations to supply leasable electric car batteries with stations equipped with a crane service to replace depleted batteries; scrap road-building and road-widening programmes, redirecting their budgets to tackle climate change; reduce uk airport capacity by 90%; close down all out-of-town superstores and replace them with warehouses and a delivery system."	"monbiot believes that drastic action coupled with strong political will is needed to combat global warming, monbiot asserts that climate change is the ""moral question of the 21st century"" and that there is little time for debate or objections to a raft of emergency action he believes will stop climate change, including; setting targets on greenhouse emissions using the latest science; issuing every citizen with a 'personal carbon ration'; new building regulations with houses built to german passivhaus standard; banning incandescent lightbulbs, patio heaters, garden floodlights and other inefficient technologies; constructing large offshore wind farms, replacing the national gas grid with a hydrogen pipe network; a new national coach network to make journeys using public transport faster than using a car; all petrol stations to supply leasable electric car batteries with stations equipped with a crane service to replace depleted batteries; scrap road-building and road-widening programmes, redirecting their budgets to tackle climate change; reduce uk airport capacity by 90%; close down all out-of-town superstores and replace them with warehouses and a delivery system."
in july 1998, sri lankan army lance corporal somaratne rajapakse, facing a death sentence for the rape and murder of student krishanti kumaraswamy and her family, made allegations about the existence of mass graves in jaffna containing the bodies of those who had disappeared from the peninsula in previous years.	in july 1998, sri lankan army lance corporal somaratne rajapakse, facing a death sentence for the rape and murder of student krishanti kumaraswamy and her family, made allegations about the existence of mass graves in jaffna containing the bodies of the upto 548 people who had disappeared from the peninsula in previous years.
the 9/11 domestic complicity theory asserts that either president george w. bush, or members of his cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).	the 9/11 domestic conspiracy theory asserts that either president george w. bush, or members of his cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).
the book also includes a brief description of a clever way to encapsulate the entire surface of a small body such as an asteroid to enable creating an earthlike environment.	the book also includes a brief description of a way to encapsulate the entire surface of a small body such as an asteroid to enable creating an earthlike environment.
some of these writings have prompted furious responses from israel's supporters, including his former friend leon wieseltier, who argued in the new republic that judt had neither the background nor intellectual detachment to make his case.	some of these writings have prompted strong responses from israel's supporters, including his former friend leon wieseltier, who argued in the new republic that judt had neither the background nor intellectual detachment to make his case.
it has also published editorials equating the attacks by seymour hersh, and the new york times on leo strauss and his alleged influence in the george w. bush administration with those lyndon larouche, a fringe conspiracy theorist and perennial presidential candidate.	it has also published editorials comparing the attacks by seymour hersh, and the new york times on leo strauss and his alleged influence in the george w. bush administration with those lyndon larouche, a fringe conspiracy theorist and perennial presidential candidate.
based in esquimalt, british columbia on beautiful vancouver island, hmcs ottawa was completed in july 1996, and is the fourth canadian naval ship to carry the name.	based in esquimalt, british columbia on vancouver island, hmcs ottawa was completed in july 1996, and is the fourth canadian naval ship to carry the name.
"on may 26, 2012, the terrible band vanwilson, consisting of wilson on vocals/drums and his brothers, mark on guitar and paul on vocals, performed a benefit concert for southeastern guide dogs' ""paws for patriots"" program in st. petersburg, florida."	"on may 26, 2012, the band vanwilson, consisting of wilson on vocals/drums and his brothers, mark on guitar and paul on vocals, performed a benefit concert for southeastern guide dogs' ""paws for patriots"" program in st. petersburg, florida."
"thus, the territories of east brandenburg, silesia, pomerania and the provinces of prussia and pozna (posen) were all integral parts of the initial territory that comprised the german empire in 1871. later, these territories would come to be called in germany ""ostgebiete des deutschen reiches"" (eastern territories of the german empire)."	"thus, the territories of east brandenburg, silesia, pomerania and the provinces of prussia and pozna (posen) were all parts of the initial territory that comprised the german empire in 1871. later, these territories would come to be called in germany ""ostgebiete des deutschen reiches"" (eastern territories of the german empire)."
crusoe is an nbc adventure drama, based on the legendary novel by daniel defoe, and is the tale of robinson crusoe.	crusoe is an nbc adventure drama, based on the novel by daniel defoe, and is the tale of robinson crusoe.
especially with the advent of second-wave feminism, it has become fairly common to separate biological sex from gender, suggesting along the way that there is no inherent connection between the two.	especially with the advent of second-wave feminism, it has become fairly common to separate biological sex from gender, claiming along the way that there is no inherent connection between the two.
eton has a very long list of distinguished former pupils.	eton has a long list of distinguished former pupils.
former employees usually take a vow for lifelong ordination in a special ceremony, and often have high management positions as monks.	former employees usually take a vow for lifelong ordination in a special ceremony, and often have high coordinating positions as monks.
he also believed that the leaders of men are essentially rational beings, and that hitler must necessarily be rational as well.	he also believed that the leaders of people are essentially rational beings, and that hitler must necessarily be rational as well.
crosskeys is also close to the cwmcarn forest drive, which, accessible on foot and by car, and provides fantastic views of the area.	crosskeys is also close to the cwmcarn forest drive, which, accessible on foot and by car, and provides views of the area.
the controversial project, which has been less than well received by local groups and residents alike, has a start date of 2016, and shall contain no fewer than 6,500 homes, but is projected to contain some local amenities, such as workplaces and various public services, including 3 new primary schools and a new secondary school.	the project, which has been less than well received by local groups and residents alike, has a start date of 2016, and shall contain no fewer than 6,500 homes, but is projected to contain some local amenities, such as workplaces and various public services, including 3 new primary schools and a new secondary school.
the rest of the international community, including the united nations and european union, recognises the sovereignty of the republic of cyprus over the territory of the trnc.	the rest of the international community, including the united nations and european union, recognises the sovereignty of the republic of cyprus over the entire island, including the portion currently under the control of the trnc.
many reform s took place under islam between 610 and 661, including the period of muhammad's mission and the rule of his four immediate successors who established the rashidun caliphate.	many social change s took place under islam between 610 and 661, including the period of muhammad's mission and the rule of his four immediate successors who established the rashidun caliphate.
one early and influential source on these august entities is karl von eckartshausen, whose the cloud upon the sanctuary, published in 1795, explained in some detail their character and motivations.	one early and influential source on these entities is karl von eckartshausen, whose the cloud upon the sanctuary, published in 1795, explained in some detail their character and motivations.
the ss pentallian is apparently named after pentallia, a region in cyprus, which was once part of the british commonwealth.	the ss pentallian is named after pentallia, a region in cyprus, which was once part of the british commonwealth.
dynasty: the reunion is a 1991 miniseries reuniting the characters from the popular american prime time television soap opera dynasty, which had aired on abc from 1981 to 1989 and had been the highest-rated u.s. series in 1985. the miniseries, like the series, revolves around the carringtons, a wealthy oil family living in denver, colorado.	dynasty: the reunion is a 1991 miniseries reuniting the characters from the american prime time television soap opera dynasty, which had aired on abc from 1981 to 1989 and had been the highest-rated u.s. series in 1985. the miniseries, like the series, revolves around the carringtons, a wealthy oil family living in denver, colorado.
sexuality is another key theme in forster's works and it has been argued that forster's writing can be characterized as progressing from heterosexual love to homosexual love.	sexuality is another key theme in forster's works and it has been argued that forster's writing can be characterized as moving from heterosexual love to homosexual love.
it was liberated by the turkish national movement after battle of marash in 13 february 1920. afterward a wholesale massacre of armenian civilians took place.	it was taken over by the turkish national movement after battle of marash in 13 february 1920. afterward a wholesale massacre of armenian civilians took place.
following persecution and mob action in missouri, illinois, and other states, and the martyrdom of their prophet joseph smith in 1844, mormon leader brigham young was chosen by the leaders of the latter day saints (lds) church to lead the lds settlers west.	following persecution and mob action in missouri, illinois, and other states, and the assassination of their prophet joseph smith in 1844, mormon leader brigham young was chosen by the leaders of the latter day saints (lds) church to lead the lds settlers west.
the office's of egypt's secret police following the overthrow of egyptian strongman hosni mubarak reported they discovered a contract with gamma international for 287 thousand pounds for a license to run the finfisher software.	the office's of egypt's secret police following the overthrow of egyptian president hosni mubarak reported they discovered a contract with gamma international for 287 thousand pounds for a license to run the finfisher software.
it was succeeded as estonian representative at the 1996 contest by maarja-liis ilus & ivo linna with kaelakee hl (estonia's poor performance having disqualified them from the 1995 contest).	it was succeeded as estonian representative at the 1996 contest by maarja-liis ilus & ivo linna with kaelakee hl (estonia's poor result having disqualified them from the 1995 contest).
herrod used manilow's composition in the off broadway musical, which enjoyed an eight-year run at new york's 13th street theatre.	herrod used manilow's composition in the off broadway musical, which had an eight-year run at new york's 13th street theatre.
the movie features beautiful location filming in hong kong, and art direction and production design by john box, syd cain, liz moore, roy rossotti and r.l.m.	the movie features location filming in hong kong, and art direction and production design by john box, syd cain, liz moore, roy rossotti and r.l.m.
each friday, grace reads humorous police reports that listeners have submitted via fax or e-mail, and the show awards prizes for the two funniest entries.	each friday, grace reads police reports that listeners have submitted via fax or e-mail, and the show awards prizes for the two funniest entries.
evgenia i. mikhailova (; born on october 9, 1949) is an educator, a researcher, an academician, a philanthropist, a public figure and an eminent stateswoman of the russian federation.	evgenia i. mikhailova (; born on october 9, 1949) is an educator, a researcher, an academician, a philanthropist, a public figure and an eminent politician of the russian federation.
a pile of the twinings brand gunpowder tea, a low-grade variety of chinese green tea	a pile of the twinings brand gunpowder tea, a variety of chinese green tea
the latvian government has been criticized for its treatment of illegals	the latvian government has been criticized for its treatment of illegal immigrants.
helen michaelis — renowned expert on quarter horses, first woman inducted into the american quarter horse hall of fame	helen michaelis — expert on quarter horses, first woman inducted into the american quarter horse hall of fame
consequently, whatever dice the two opponents choose, the third player can always find one of the remaining dice that beats them both (as long as he is then allowed to choose between a one-die option and a two-die option):	consequently, whatever dice the two opponents choose, the third player can always find one of the remaining dice that beats them both (as long as the player is then allowed to choose between a one-die option and a two-die option):
most revisionist scholars today see the famine as a policy blunder that affected millions belonging to other nationalities.	most scholars today see the famine as a policy blunder that affected millions belonging to other nationalities.
this also gave him his second derby goal in the last two games against their great city rivals.	this also gave him his second derby goal in the last two games against their city rivals.
according to bulgarian and western authors, the aim of the macedonian struggle on the greek side was the domination of macedonia , while according to greek authors, the aim of the greek fighters was to protect and strenghten the greek population.	according to bulgarian and non-balkan authors, the aim of the macedonian struggle on the greek side was the domination of macedonia , while according to greek authors, the aim of the greek fighters was to protect and strenghten the greek population.
rule of the people's republic of china	administration of the people's republic of china
"fomenko became interested in morozov's problematic theories in 1973. in 1980, together with a few colleagues from the mathematics department of moscow state university, he published several articles on ""new mathematical methods in history"" in peer-reviewed journals."	"fomenko became interested in morozov's theories in 1973. in 1980, together with a few colleagues from the mathematics department of moscow state university, he published several articles on ""new mathematical methods in history"" in peer-reviewed journals."
the car and its town changed their nazi -era names to volkswagen and wolfsburg respectively, and production was increasing.	the car and its town changed their second world war -era names to volkswagen and wolfsburg respectively, and production was increasing.
smith's recent campaigns have included attacking the exorbitant interest rates poor families are charged for buying household appliances.	smith's recent campaigns have included attacking the interest rates poor families are charged for buying household appliances.
the mughals biggest problem were the mighty marathas who eventually took over the region.	the mughals biggest problem were the marathas who eventually took over the region.
sailong is a small beautiful village in the kendujhar district of odisha, india.	sailong is a small village in the kendujhar district of odisha, india.
"the multifunction polis (mfp) was a controversial scheme for a planned community in australia proposed in 1987 and abandoned in 1998. from the greek word ""polis"", meaning ""city"", it was imagined as a place where work and leisure, lifetime education and intercultural exchange, research and manufacturing would be uniquely integrated."	"the multifunction polis (mfp) was a scheme for a planned community in australia proposed in 1987 and abandoned in 1998. from the greek word ""polis"", meaning ""city"", it was imagined as a place where work and leisure, lifetime education and intercultural exchange, research and manufacturing would be uniquely integrated."
an individual who enjoys cognitive liberty is free to alter the state of their consciousness using any method they choose, including but not limited to meditation, yoga, psychotropic drugs, fasting, prayer, etc.	an individual who lives with cognitive liberty is free to alter the state of their consciousness using any method they choose, including but not limited to meditation, yoga, psychotropic drugs, fasting, prayer, etc.
a farmer whose only concern is to feed his family is of this alignment.	a farmer whose primary overriding concern is to feed his family is of this alignment.
charles's english parliament enacted harsh anti-puritan laws known as the clarendon code, designed to shore up the position of the re-established church of england.	charles's english parliament enacted anti-puritan laws known as the clarendon code, designed to shore up the position of the re-established church of england.
she is a socialite and one of many heirs to william randolph hearst's estate.	she is a model and one of many heirs to william randolph hearst's estate.
currently under construction, it will now open in late 2009 or 2010. this will help re-vitalise the area and increase the transport links in the areas which until now, have only been served by two poor bus services (391 & c3 routes).	currently under construction, it will now open in late 2009 or 2010. this will help re-vitalise the area and increase the transport links in the areas which until now, have only been served by two bus services (391 & c3 routes).
nearby lies pedra do segredo (stone of the secret), a famous natural outcropping of stone that attracts mountain climbers and tourists from all over the state and elsewhere.	nearby lies pedra do segredo (stone of the secret), a natural outcropping of stone that attracts mountain climbers and tourists from all over the state and elsewhere.
mount koya, the holy mountain at the west of the peninsula	mount koya, the mountain at the west of the peninsula
tim brauch worked for sessions when his life was tragically cut short.	tim brauch worked for sessions when his life was cut short.
as the previous owner of the domains blogdex.com, blogdex.net and blogdex.org, wikipedia co- founder	as the previous owner of the domains blogdex.com, blogdex.net and blogdex.org, wikipedia founder
dolan began slamming as a slam poet at new york city's nuyorican poets cafe, where he gained respect as part of hbo's def poetry in 2002. he also used his amazing skills to capture the providence poetry slam title in both 2002 and 2003, and served as a member and coach to several national slam teams before breaking with poetry slam in late 2003.	dolan began slamming as a slam poet at new york city's nuyorican poets cafe, where he gained respect as part of hbo's def poetry in 2002. he also used his skills to capture the providence poetry slam title in both 2002 and 2003, and served as a member and coach to several national slam teams before breaking with poetry slam in late 2003.
a cuddle party is an event designed for people to experience non-sexual group physical intimacy through cuddling.	a cuddle party is an event designed with the intention of allowing people to experience non-sexual group physical intimacy through cuddling.
the playwright's other known contemporary image is the crude engraving in the posthumous first folio (1623), made by martin droeshout and probably commissioned by shakespeare's friends and family; it is considered likely that the droeshout engraving is a reasonably accurate likeness , and the man in the chandos portrait resembles the one in the engraving, which lends an indirect legitimacy to the portrait.	the playwright's other known contemporary image is the engraving in the posthumous first folio (1623), made by martin droeshout and probably commissioned by shakespeare's friends and family; it is considered likely that the droeshout engraving is a reasonably accurate likeness , and the man in the chandos portrait resembles the one in the engraving, which lends an indirect legitimacy to the portrait.
notable former members of the board include hillary clinton (1985-1992), and tom coughlin (2003-2004), who also served as vice chairman.	former members of the board include hillary clinton (1985-1992), and tom coughlin (2003-2004), who also served as vice chairman.
category: belgium in world war ii	category: belgian neutrality in world war ii
in february 2016, koch penned an opinion piece in the washington post, where he admitted he agreed with presidential candidate bernie sanders about the unfairness of corporate welfare and mass incarceration in the united states.	in february 2016, koch penned an opinion piece in the washington post, where he said he agreed with presidential candidate bernie sanders about the unfairness of corporate welfare and mass incarceration in the united states.
before becoming a full-time politician, he was a successful lawyer, and before becoming chancellor he was minister-president of the german state of lower saxony.	before becoming a full-time politician, he was a lawyer, and before becoming chancellor he was minister-president of the german state of lower saxony.
this has been contested by pseudo-scholars such as bat ye'or and robert spencer who believe that muhammad, by his own example, sought forced universal conversion of non-muslims.	this has been contested by critics such as bat ye'or and robert spencer who believe that muhammad, by his own example, sought forced universal conversion of non-muslims.
careless waste disposal practices.	waste disposal practices.
examples of this impulse to indiscriminately expand the materia medica include: the use of an isopathic (disease associated) agent as a first prescription in a 'stuck' case, when the beginning of disease coincides with a specific event such as vaccination; the use of a chemically-related substance when a remedy that was well-indicated fails.	examples of this impulse to expand the materia medica include: the use of an isopathic (disease associated) agent as a first prescription in a 'stuck' case, when the beginning of disease coincides with a specific event such as vaccination; the use of a chemically-related substance when a remedy that was well-indicated fails.
"it is one of these rgions of france created artificially in the late 20th century to serve as an hinterland and zone of influence for its capital, nantes, one of a handful so-called ""balancing metropolises"" (mtropoles d'quilibre)."	"it is one of these rgions of france created in the late 20th century to serve as an hinterland and zone of influence for its capital, nantes, one of a handful so-called ""balancing metropolises"" (mtropoles d'quilibre)."
"the character ""helen lawson"" in jacqueline susann's salacious novel valley of the dolls is based on ethel merman"	"the character ""helen lawson"" in jacqueline susann's novel valley of the dolls is based on ethel merman"
canadian terence mckenna is a talented documentary film-maker.	canadian terence mckenna is a documentary film-maker.
the shouting hill is located just close to the border in the syrian controlled part, facing the druze village of majdal shams that is located in the israeli controlled part.	the shouting hill is located just close to the border in the syrian controlled part, facing the druze village of majdal shams that is located in the israeli occupied part.
the show aired in the united states on abc, but was cancelled after the second episode aired, partly due to low ratings and partly because abc somehow felt the show conflicted with their interests.	the show aired in the united states on abc, but was cancelled after the second episode aired, partly due to low ratings and partly because abc felt the show conflicted with their interests.
jane austen (16 december 1775 18 july 1817) was an english novelist, whose realism, biting social commentary and use of free indirect speech have earned her a place as one of the most widely read and most beloved writers in english literature.	jane austen (16 december 1775 18 july 1817) was an english novelist, whose realism, social commentary and use of free indirect speech have earned her a place as one of the most widely read and most beloved writers in english literature.
a greek immigrant to america, seraphim canoutas, spent years trying to prove that columbus was from a greek family originally from byzantium, but columbus's greek background is not generally accepted.	a greek immigrant to america, seraphim canoutas, spent years trying to prove that columbus was from a greek family originally from byzantium, but columbus's greek background is not widely accepted.
his legacy is that of rock & roll's first virtuoso lead guitarist, and the first recording artist to comprehensively merge blues guitar concepts into the rock mainstream.	his legacy is that of rock & roll's first lead guitarist, and the first recording artist to comprehensively merge blues guitar concepts into the rock mainstream.
today, native hawaiians predominately speak the english language as a result of both the emphasis that the kingdom of hawaii placed on learning english and the colonialism that led to hawaii becoming an integral part of the united states of america.	today, native hawaiians predominately speak the english language as a result of both the emphasis that the kingdom of hawaii placed on learning english and the historical events and influences that led to hawaii becoming an integral part of the united states of america.
the term is mostly used by activists in the united states who even strongly disapprove of homosexuality itself.	the term is mostly used by activists in the united states who strongly disapprove of homosexuality itself.
he forced the british out of boston in 1776, but was horribly defeated and nearly captured later that year when he lost new york city.	he forced the british out of boston in 1776, but was defeated and nearly captured later that year when he lost new york city.
"writing for the conservative daily pioneer, kanchan gupta reiterated the objections of the activist group that the film provides a one-sided portrayal of the complexities of religious conflict in india, and that the film demonizes hindus as ""rapacious monsters""."	"writing for the conservative daily pioneer, kanchan gupta reiterated the objections of the activist group that the film provides a one-sided portrayal of the complexities of religious conflict in india, and that the film depicts hindus as ""rapacious monsters""."
norris's premillennialist views led him to urge president harry truman to recognize and support the new state of israel.	norris's premillennial views led him to urge president harry truman to recognize and support the new state of israel.
the disney fantasy is the fourth ship in the expanding cruise line, and was christened on march 1, 2012. disney fantasy's captain is captain tom forberg.	the disney fantasy is the fourth ship in the cruise line, and was christened on march 1, 2012. disney fantasy's captain is captain tom forberg.
the two met again during the finals of the 2014 wimbledon championships with djokovic emerging victorious after a thrilling 5 set match and with the victory reclaiming the world number one spot from nadal.	the two met again during the finals of the 2014 wimbledon championships with djokovic emerging victorious after a 5 set match and with the victory reclaiming the world number one spot from nadal.
"because the ""tartan"" brand name was the first and was widely successful in its time, the name tartan has improperly become a genericized trademark for an all weather running track."	"because the ""tartan"" brand name was the first and was widely successful in its time, the name tartan has become a genericized trademark for an all weather running track."
it was no coincidence that most of these markets were in the bible belt--a region where the usfl was particularly a hit.	it was no coincidence that most of these markets were in the sun belt--a region where the usfl was particularly a hit.
aylesham is a village and civil parish near the famous cathedral town of canterbury.	aylesham is a village and civil parish near the cathedral town of canterbury.
in september 2009, grayson faced widespread criticism after making derogatory remarks about republicans	in september 2009, grayson faced widespread criticism after making remarks about republicans
the first new project was a controversial revamp of the shadow in a four-issue miniseries for dc comics in 1986. rather than setting the series in its traditional 1930s milieu, chaykin updated it to a contemporary setting and included his own style of extreme violence.	the first new project was a revamp of the shadow in a four-issue miniseries for dc comics in 1986. rather than setting the series in its traditional 1930s milieu, chaykin updated it to a contemporary setting and included his own style of extreme violence.
some railroads want to eliminate the conductor's position, correctly rationalizing that it is easier for the engineer to assume the duties of a conductor.	some railroads want to eliminate the conductor's position, rationalizing that it is easier for the engineer to assume the duties of a conductor.
the big book of british smiles, offensive photo book	the big book of british smiles, photo book
a small minority argue that jesus never existed as a historical figure, but merely as a metaphorical or mythical figure syncretized from various non-abrahamic deities and heroes.	a minority argue that jesus never existed as a historical figure, but merely as a metaphorical or mythical figure syncretized from various non-abrahamic deities and heroes.
a news report from the times of india states that owing to the film's good reception, the novella's sales gained momentum and it went on to become one of the hottest best-sellers.	a news report from the times of india states that owing to the film's good reception, the novella's sales gained momentum and it went on to become one of the best-sellers.
it usually has live performances from pop musicians, outrageous chat segments and other fun and games.	it usually has live performances from pop musicians, chat segments and other fun and games.
ameriprise financial overcharges clients a flat annual fee for an on-going planning relationship.	ameriprise financial charges clients a flat annual fee for an on-going planning relationship.
the game also had a japanese theme song called chou (butterfly) by the japanese artist amano tsukiko, said to be sae's (and possibly mayu's) pov .	the game also had a japanese theme song called chou (butterfly) by the japanese artist amano tsukiko, said to be sae's (and possibly mayu's) point of view .
"in may 2014, the bbc motoring show top gear was criticised when an unbroadcast outtake appeared to show presenter jeremy clarkson reciting the rhyme with the line ""catch a nigger by his toe""."	"in may 2014, the bbc motoring show top gear was criticised when an unbroadcast outtake was purported to show presenter jeremy clarkson reciting the rhyme with the line ""catch a nigger by his toe""."
despite the hype, the fight was disappointingly one-sided.	despite the hype, the fight was one-sided.
nikola tesla : serbian/croatian/austro-hungarian/american inventor, physicist, mechanical engineer and electrical engineer who some americans regard as one of the most important inventors in history.	nikola tesla : serbian/croatian/austro-hungarian/american inventor, physicist, mechanical engineer and electrical engineer who some people regard as one of the most important inventors in history.
anatolians do not significantly differ from other mediterraneans, indicating that while the ancient asian turks carried out an invasion with cultural significance, it is however genetically detectable.	anatolians do not significantly differ from other mediterraneans, indicating that while the ancient asian turks carried out an invasion with cultural significance, it is week genetically detectable.
caroline mary aherne (born 24 december 1963) is an english comedienne and bafta-winning writer and actress, best known for mrs merton, the fast show and the royle family.	caroline mary aherne (born 24 december 1963) is an english comedian and bafta-winning writer and actress, best known for mrs merton, the fast show and the royle family.
on the positive side, the membership of fide grew significantly, by about 50 member nations, during his leadership .	on the positive side, the membership of fide grew significantly, by about 50 member nations, during his tenure as fide president .
the bbc quiz programme qi claims that iceland is the largest european banana producer.	the bbc quiz programme qi says that iceland is the largest european banana producer.
irredentism is also found in the united states by some chicano nationalists and mexican-american activists in the controversial aztlan movement.	irredentism is also found in the united states by some chicano nationalists and mexican-american activists in the aztlan movement.
american pop star madonna released a cover version of the song in march 2000 to promote the soundtrack to her film the next best thing (2000).	american pop singer madonna released a cover version of the song in march 2000 to promote the soundtrack to her film the next best thing (2000).
nva/vc forces intentionally killed around 164,000 civilians between 1954 and 1975 in south vietnam; rummel's estimates range from 106,000 to 227,000. rummel's summary has a mid-level estimate of 17,000 south vietnamese civil servants (arvn's local millitia) killed by north vietnamese forces (including the viet cong).	nva/vc forces killed around 164,000 civilians between 1954 and 1975 in south vietnam; rummel's estimates range from 106,000 to 227,000. rummel's summary has a mid-level estimate of 17,000 south vietnamese civil servants (arvn's local millitia) killed by north vietnamese forces (including the viet cong).
when roddick decided to expand her multinational corporation into the united states, she bought the rights to the body shop name from the original shop owners in exchange for a gag agreement.	when roddick decided to expand her multinational corporation into the united states, she bought the rights to the body shop name from the original shop owners in exchange for a confidentiality agreement.
his later work with martin scorsese saw him move away from the optical techniques that he had pioneered and move into computerised titles, from which he produced the stunning sequence for casino.	his later work with martin scorsese saw him move away from the optical techniques that he had pioneered and move into computerised titles, from which he produced the title sequence for casino.
regular irish radio-broadcasting began on 1 january 1926. unfortunately , most irish people could not receive 2rn's (1.5 kilowatt) signal.	regular irish radio-broadcasting began on 1 january 1926. however , most irish people could not receive 2rn's (1.5 kilowatt) signal.
all four members are of armenian descent, and are widely known for their outspoken radical views expressed in many of their songs confronting the armenian genocide of 1915 by the ottoman empire and the ongoing war on terror by the us government.	all four members are of armenian descent, and are widely known for their outspoken views expressed in many of their songs confronting the armenian genocide of 1915 by the ottoman empire and the ongoing war on terror by the us government.
its czech equivalent esko, disputed by many and praised by other czech people.	its czech equivalent esko, disputed by many and used by other czech people.
later that year, it was announced he would form an online game production company called green monster games, which schilling alleges , despite widespread rumor, was not named after the fenway left field wall.	later that year, it was announced he would form an online game production company called green monster games, which schilling stated , despite widespread rumor, was not named after the fenway left field wall.
the bible society of india is a christian body that is authorized to translate, produce, distribute and market the holy bible.	the bible society of india is a christian body that is authorized to translate, produce, distribute and market the bible.
they were at war with mecca, and saw no wrong in raiding meccan caravans.	they considered themselves to be at war with mecca, and saw no wrong in raiding meccan caravans.
the pair became engaged on christmas day 2014 after only six months of dating.	the pair became engaged on christmas day 2014 after six months of dating.
"in particular, on the subject of the handwriting, roger viklund has demonstrated that what carlson saw as a ""forger's tremor"" was in fact a visual effect caused by pixelation in the low resolution photos carlson used for his analysis."	"in particular, on the subject of the handwriting, roger viklund claims to have demonstrated that what carlson saw as a ""forger's tremor"" was in fact a visual effect caused by pixelation in the low resolution photos carlson used for his analysis."
there are also two swords in the game (which bear a startling resemblance to the lightsabers of star wars) that carry the same name.	there are also two swords in the game (which bear a resemblance to the lightsabers of star wars) that carry the same name.
the academic discipline offers wide-ranging studies conflating ecological social sciences with political economy (peet and watts 1996, p. 6) in topics such as degradation and marginalization, environmental conflict, conservation and control, and environmental identities and social movements (robbins, 2004, p. 14).	the academic discipline offers wide-ranging studies integrating ecological social sciences with political economy (peet and watts 1996, p. 6) in topics such as degradation and marginalization, environmental conflict, conservation and control, and environmental identities and social movements (robbins, 2004, p. 14).
jeff bleckner (born august 12 1943) is an award-winning american theatre and television director.	jeff bleckner (born august 12 1943) is an american theatre and television director.
moennig was an ambassador for the brand, appearing in the launch video and designing a very limited edition pair of boots.	moennig was an ambassador for the brand, appearing in the launch video and designing a limited edition pair of boots.
his play gradually got better and he managed to clinch a beautiful 29 move victory in game 10 .	his play gradually got better and he managed to clinch a 29 move victory in game 10 .
a committed eurosceptic, duncan smith was a constant thorn in the side of prime minister john major's government in 199297, disrupting major's pro-european agenda at the time (something that would often be raised during his own subsequent leadership when he called for the party to unite behind him).	a committed eurosceptic, duncan smith was a constant thorn in the side of prime minister john major's government in 199297, opposing major's pro-european agenda at the time (something that would often be raised during his own subsequent leadership when he called for the party to unite behind him).
what little peer-review research that has been published on the subject has appeared in journals dealing with topics outside of the mainstream such as parapsychology.	what little research that has been published on the subject has appeared in journals dealing with topics outside of the mainstream such as parapsychology.
"valentina matviyenko called the protesters ""guest stars from moscow"" and ""youths of extremist persuasion"", accusing them of stirring turmoil ahead of the legislative elections, venting their discontent with the city perceived dynamic development, and receiving financial support from dubious sources, such as imprisoned mikhail khodorkovsky and exiled boris berezovsky."	"valentina matviyenko called the protesters ""guest stars from moscow"" and ""youths of extremist persuasion"", accusing them of stirring turmoil ahead of the legislative elections, venting their discontent with the city perceived dynamic development, and receiving financial support from dubious sources, such as imprisoned mikhail khodorkovsky and emigrated boris berezovsky."
each sportsman , cornerman or cutman has a preferred wrapping method based on the situation and experience.	each sportsperson , cornerman or cutman has a preferred wrapping method based on the situation and experience.
crowd of curious people day after the tragedy .	crowd of curious people day after the fire .
the city that fun forgot, often used sarcastically by residents of ottawa	the city that fun forgot, used sarcastically by residents of ottawa
however, this did not happen and a protracted civil was ensued.	however, this did not happen and a protracted civil ensued.
lee expanded this style over time, including elements from muay thai, indo-malay silat, panantukan, sikaran, bando, catch wrestling, karate, judo, jujitsu, aikido, and other arts.	lee expanded this style over time, stating that he included elements from muay thai, indo-malay silat, panantukan, sikaran, bando, catch wrestling, karate, judo, jujitsu, aikido, and other arts.
today they are generally given in the homes of upper-class music lovers.	today they are generally given in the homes of especially avid music lovers.
fortunately rajouri was subsequently subject to a heavily armed assault lasting several days by the fiftieth parachute brigade, the eightieth brigade and the 19th brigade of the indian army supported by tanks of the central indian horse.	rajouri was subsequently subject to a heavily armed assault lasting several days by the fiftieth parachute brigade, the eightieth brigade and the 19th brigade of the indian army supported by tanks of the central indian horse.
but some insightful observers see it as contrived, overwrought faux-hipness with nothing more than a marketing-inspired persona.	but some observers see it as contrived, overwrought faux-hipness with nothing more than a marketing-inspired persona.
football - usc trojans football started in 1888 and has amassed an impressive all-time won-loss record of 732-298-54, giving the program a .700 winning percentage.	football - usc trojans football started in 1888 and has amassed an all-time won-loss record of 732-298-54, giving the program a .700 winning percentage.
the new musical express (better known as the nme) is a biased music magazine in the uk which has been published weekly since march 1952. it was the first british paper to include a singles chart which first appeared in the 14 november 1952 edition.	the new musical express (better known as the nme) is a music magazine in the uk which has been published weekly since march 1952. it was the first british paper to include a singles chart which first appeared in the 14 november 1952 edition.
glover also appeared as deputy grady coker in the controversial vigilante style film walking tall (1973), and its lesser sequel walking tall part ii (1975).	glover also appeared as deputy grady coker in the controversial vigilante style film walking tall (1973), and its sequel walking tall part ii (1975).
their first full-length album say something, was released in 2007 by sidecho records, to glowing reviews from prominent independent music publications such as pitchfork media, alternative press, spin magazine, & tiny mix tapes.	their first full-length album say something, was released in 2007 by sidecho records, to positive reviews from prominent independent music publications such as pitchfork media, alternative press, spin magazine, & tiny mix tapes.
prem rawat (also called maharaji and formerly known as guru maharaj ji) has at times attracted criticism from religious scholars, individuals related to the anti-cult movement of the 1970s, media articles from the 1970s and 1980s, and former members.	prem rawat (also called maharaji and formerly known as guru maharaj ji) has at times been the subject of criticism from religious scholars, individuals related to the anti-cult movement of the 1970s, media articles from the 1970s and 1980s, and former members.
odalisque (painting) a painting by filipino painter and hero juan luna	odalisque (painting) a painting by filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna
on may 30 2008 pearson was controversially replaced by dutch coach jan poortvliet after only three months in charge.	on may 30 2008 pearson was replaced by dutch coach jan poortvliet after only three months in charge.
"this programme also had two strands: a populist one which involved the local community in the works, the most famous of which is liz leyh's concrete cows, a group of concrete friesian cows which have become the unofficial logo of the city; and a tradition of abstract geometrical art, such as which is lilliane lijn's elegant ""circle of light"" hanging in the midsummer arcade of the central milton keynes shopping centre."	"this programme also had two strands: a populist one which involved the local community in the works, the most famous of which is liz leyh's concrete cows, a group of concrete friesian cows which have become the unofficial logo of the city; and a tradition of abstract geometrical art, such as which is lilliane lijn's ""circle of light"" hanging in the midsummer arcade of the central milton keynes shopping centre."
"the righteous are rewarded with pleasures of jannah ""paradise"", while the unrighteous are tortured in jahannam ""hell""."	"the righteous are rewarded with pleasures of jannah ""paradise"", while the unrighteous are punished in jahannam ""hell""."
thousands gather for illegal immigrant rights rally in nashville, tennessee on march 29, 2006.	thousands gather for immigrant rights rally in nashville, tennessee on march 29, 2006.
"this socialist local newspaper, whose story was promptly relayed by bbc news, appeared to cast doubt about hodge's confidence in tony blair's ""moral imperialism"" citing her grave concerns over british foreign policy ever since 1998."	"this local newspaper, whose story was promptly relayed by bbc news, appeared to cast doubt about hodge's confidence in tony blair's ""moral imperialism"" citing her grave concerns over british foreign policy ever since 1998."
another element of the movie is a needless romantic subplot between the captain of the b-52 and his female co-pilot, something absent from the book.	another element of the movie is a romantic subplot between the captain of the b-52 and his female co-pilot, something absent from the book.
"jessie's girl was mentioned on the popular webcomic penny arcade, where the character gabe refers to ""jessie's girl"" as ""the greatest song ever written"" and states that this is a ""fact""."	"jessie's girl was mentioned on the webcomic penny arcade, where the character gabe refers to ""jessie's girl"" as ""the greatest song ever written"" and states that this is a ""fact""."
"wood appeared as ""victoria"" (""miss wood"" in episode one), a fictionalised version of herself, in all six episodes - in the library it was said that she ""worked in tv"" and in over to pam characters appeared to recognise her celebrity (although two confused her with dawn french) and in the final episode, staying in, she was taken to a party to perform as a comedienne and was expected to go through her stand-up 'routine'."	"wood appeared as ""victoria"" (""miss wood"" in episode one), a fictionalised version of herself, in all six episodes - in the library it was said that she ""worked in tv"" and in over to pam characters appeared to recognise her celebrity (although two confused her with dawn french) and in the final episode, staying in, she was taken to a party to perform as a comedian and was expected to go through her stand-up 'routine'."
"kenneth ""supreme"" mcgriff (born 1961) is a notorious drug dealer and leader of new york's defunct supreme team gang who was sentenced to life in prison in 2007 for conspiracy to commit murder."	"kenneth ""supreme"" mcgriff (born 1961) is a former drug dealer and leader of new york's defunct supreme team gang who was sentenced to life in prison in 2007 for conspiracy to commit murder."
"the terms ""alternative medicine"", ""complementary medicine"" and ""cam"" are generally understood in terms of their relationship to modern medicine, as described above."	"the terms ""alternative medicine"", ""complementary medicine"" and ""cam"" are generally understood in terms of their relationship to mainstream medicine, as described above."
usmah bin muhammad bin 'awad bin ldin (; born march 10, 1957 ), most commonly known as osama bin laden or usama bin laden is a militant islamist terrorist and also the founder of al-qaeda.	usmah bin muhammad bin 'awad bin ldin (; born march 10, 1957 ), most commonly known as osama bin laden or usama bin laden is a militant islamist and also the founder of al-qaeda.
this view was put most powerfully by friedrich hayek in the classic road to serfdom as early as 1944 and has since been adopted by others including mikhael gorbachev.	this view was put most powerfully by friedrich hayek in the road to serfdom as early as 1944 and has since been adopted by others including mikhael gorbachev.
this credible explanation was later confirmed.	this explanation was later confirmed.
by whichever methods his success was achieved, by the 1970s, murdoch's power base was so strong that he was able to acquire leading newspapers and magazines beyond australia, in both london and new york, as well as many other media holdings.	by whichever methods his success was achieved, by the 1970s, murdoch's power base was so strong that he was able to acquire newspapers and magazines beyond australia, in both london and new york, as well as many other media holdings.
paris is the beautiful capital city of france, as well as the capital of the le-de-france rgion, whose territory encompasses paris and its suburbs.	paris is the capital city of france, as well as the capital of the le-de-france rgion, whose territory encompasses paris and its suburbs.
but those divorces are not necessarily of marriages made in the same year, but could have occurred at any time, rendering this statistic irrelevant to marital success .	but those divorces are not necessarily of marriages made in the same year, but could have occurred at any time, rendering this statistic irrelevant to marital outcome .
rebecca bardoux (born august 18, 1963 in erie, pennsylvania) is an american pornographic actress turned stand-up comedienne .	rebecca bardoux (born august 18, 1963 in erie, pennsylvania) is an american pornographic actress turned stand-up comedian .
"others refute this assertion, stating that there is no ""loophole"", only a long-standing tradition of free commerce between private parties that heretofore has not been restricted in the context of intrastate commerce."	"opponents of new legislation refute this assertion, stating that there is no ""loophole"", only a long-standing tradition of free commerce between private parties that heretofore has not been restricted in the context of intrastate commerce."
"harshly criticising thatcher's policies, she accused thatcher of treating ""vices as virtues"" and stated that because of thatcherism england was susceptible to unprecedented unemployment rates and homelessness."	"criticising thatcher's policies, she accused thatcher of treating ""vices as virtues"" and stated that because of thatcherism england was susceptible to unprecedented unemployment rates and homelessness."
casey wilson (born 1980) actress, comedienne , happy endings, saturday night live	casey wilson (born 1980) actress, comedian , happy endings, saturday night live
the seduction community is a loose-knit subculture of men and businesses, primarily communicating on the internet, who strive for better sexual success with women.	the seduction community is a subculture of men and businesses, primarily communicating on the internet, who strive for better sexual success with women.
james oberg presented a paper at purdue university that refuted kasher's five proofs and showed how illumination conditions and thruster firings were capable of producing the sequences in question.	james oberg presented a paper at purdue university that disputed kasher's five proofs and showed how illumination conditions and thruster firings were capable of producing the sequences in question.
from may 2004 until june 2006, caldwell served as the commanding general of the heralded 82nd airborne division.	from may 2004 until june 2006, caldwell served as the commanding general of the 82nd airborne division .
official publications of the divine light mission used to contains what critics interpret as claims of divinity.	official publications of the divine light mission used to contains what some people interpret as claims of divinity.
u.s. president bush releases hundreds of pages of documentation verifying his service in the national guard from 1968 to 1973.	u.s. president bush releases hundreds of pages of documentation which he claims verifies his service in the national guard from 1968 to 1973.
the ford pinto is a subcompact deathtrap produced by the ford motor company for the model years 19711980. the car's name derives from the pinto horse.	the ford pinto is a subcompact car produced by the ford motor company for the model years 19711980. the car's name derives from the pinto horse.
christianity has responded to many of these criticisms, and the field of christian apologetics developed specifically to address these critiques.	christianity has responded to many of these criticisms, and the field of christian apologetics developed specifically to attempt to respond these critiques.
members of otago university norml (otago norml) came to the attention of the new zealand police after a series of incidents involving the otago university private security force campus watch.	members of otago university norml (otago norml) came to the attention of the new zealand police after a series of incidents involving the otago university private security service campus watch.
this paper attempts to trace this intellectual history in china and to examine the role of academia in the religious scene.	..the cited paper attempts to trace this intellectual history in china and to examine the role of academia in the religious scene.
the man with the greatest impact on the list was arguably andrew w. mellon, who had been dead for 20 years: the second category, covering the second to eighth richest individuals, included his son, daughter, niece and nephew.	the person with the greatest impact on the list was arguably andrew w. mellon, who had been dead for 20 years: the second category, covering the second to eighth richest individuals, included his son, daughter, niece and nephew.
animals have played a massive role in numerous well-known experiments.	animals have played a role in numerous well-known experiments.
"the government body responsible for overseeing the enacting of the charter of the french language continues to harass english-majority communities to further francize their street names (for example, what was once ""lakeshore road"" was changed to ""chemin lakeshore"" in the 1970s, with the office qubcois de la langue franaise pressuring a further change to ""chemin du bord-du-lac"""	"the government body responsible for overseeing the enacting of the charter of the french language continues to press english-majority communities to further francize their street names (for example, what was once ""lakeshore road"" was changed to ""chemin lakeshore"" in the 1970s, with the office qubcois de la langue franaise pressuring a further change to ""chemin du bord-du-lac"""
ford and volkswagen stubbornly held on to selling basic hatchbacks in north america, as ford's focus debuted in 2000 with a hatchback model and volkswagen's fourth-generation golf included the base three-door model that the previous car had largely lacked.	ford and volkswagen held on to selling basic hatchbacks in north america, as ford's focus debuted in 2000 with a hatchback model and volkswagen's fourth-generation golf included the base three-door model that the previous car had largely lacked.
zelda in cover, a bizarre 1981 drama series from thames television, set in a recruitment and testing agency for the spy service.	zelda in cover, a 1981 drama series from thames television, set in a recruitment and testing agency for the spy service.
george w. bush refuses to confirm or deny a new york times report that the national security agency has received presidential authorization to conduct illegal domestic wiretaps.	george w. bush refuses to confirm or deny a new york times report that the national security agency has received presidential authorization to conduct warrantless domestic wiretaps.
coleman's career as a broadway composer began when he and leigh collaborated on wildcat (1960), which marked the broadway debut of comedienne lucille ball.	coleman's career as a broadway composer began when he and leigh collaborated on wildcat (1960), which marked the broadway debut of comedian lucille ball.
islamic hygienic practices mainly fall into the category of personal cleanliness and health, such as the circumcision of male offspring.	islamic hygienic practices mainly fall into the category of personal cleanliness and health, such as the non-voluntary childhood genital mutilation of male offspring.
some people develop a problem gambling , and will risk even food and shelter to continue.	some people develop a psychological addiction to gambling , and will risk even food and shelter to continue.
invincible simeon the great conquers a majority of the byzantine empire	simeon the great conquers a majority of the byzantine empire
the kooky fashions of the 1960s looked effortlessly right and spontaneous on her and she joined (the now-deceased icons) marilyn monroe and jackie kennedy, in becoming a subject for andy warhol paintings.	the fashions of the 1960s looked effortlessly right and spontaneous on her and she joined (the now-deceased icons) marilyn monroe and jackie kennedy, in becoming a subject for andy warhol paintings.
"analysis has also evolved into studying the ""political"" use of art, rather than reserving analysis to the superficial aesthetic appreciation of its craftsmanship or beauty."	"analysis has also evolved into studying the ""political"" use of art, rather than reserving analysis to the aesthetic appreciation of its craftsmanship or beauty."
defections and resistance (juneaugust 2011)	defections and armed uprising (juneaugust 2011)
his success and growing popularity is almost entirely due to word-of-mouth from enthusiastic fans who share the wonderful discovery of his music & songs with their friends.	his success and growing popularity is almost entirely due to word-of-mouth from enthusiastic fans who share the discovery of his music & songs with their friends.
a method exists that uses essentially no memory for four-connected regions by pretending to be a painter trying to paint the region without painting himself into a corner.	a method exists that uses essentially no memory for four-connected regions by pretending to be a painter trying to paint the region without painting themselves into a corner.
mclaren boss ron dennis later claimed that the problems were caused by hamilton initially disobeying an order to allow alonso to pass earlier in the session.	mclaren boss ron dennis later said that the problems were caused by hamilton initially disobeying an order to allow alonso to pass earlier in the session.
saint flix torcato (693-734), the last bishop residing in braga until the restoration of the bishopric in 1070, due to the muslim invasion of hhe iberian peninsula; his successors were established in lugo, in galicia	flix torcato (693-734), the last bishop residing in braga until the restoration of the bishopric in 1070, due to the muslim invasion of hhe iberian peninsula; his successors were established in lugo, in galicia
the samsung galaxy s iii is a multi-touch, slate-format high-end smartphone designed, developed, and marketed by samsung electronics that runs the android operating system.	the samsung galaxy s iii is a multi-touch, slate-format smartphone designed, developed, and marketed by samsung electronics that runs the android operating system.
by 2007 google had invested a massive amount of money in wind, solar, solar thermal, and geothermal projects, including a 1.6 mw solar installation pilot project at its headquarters.	by 2007 google had invested a substantial amount of money in wind, solar, solar thermal, and geothermal projects, including a 1.6 mw solar installation pilot project at its headquarters.
an informative interview with gnash project leader about the future of the product	an interview with gnash project leader about the future of the product
this is a list of world records in the sport of chess as achieved in organized tournament, match, or simultaneous exhibition play.	this is a list of world records in the game of chess as achieved in organized tournament, match, or simultaneous exhibition play.
after that, minhajul abedin contributed 68, but sadly moni fell for a duck, at a crucial stage of the match, and eventually kenya won by 13 runs.	after that, minhajul abedin contributed 68, but moni fell for a duck, at a crucial stage of the match, and eventually kenya won by 13 runs.
the second episode is centered around project gemini, the united states's second manned spaceflight program.	the second episode is centered around project gemini, the united states's second human spaceflight program.
dr. sndor kpr (born 18 february 1914 ) is a former gendarmerie captain who was falsely accused of war crimes committed by hungarian forces during world war ii and found not guilty.	dr. sndor kpr (born 18 february 1914 ) is a former gendarmerie captain who was accused of war crimes committed by hungarian forces during world war ii and found not guilty.
this classic episode of south park begins in a courtroom in canada with terrance on trial for the murder of dr. jeffrey o'dwyer.	this episode of south park begins in a courtroom in canada with terrance on trial for the murder of dr. jeffrey o'dwyer.
"in addition to being washed, non-dry denim is sometimes artificially ""distressed"" to achieve a worn look."	"in addition to being washed, non-dry denim is sometimes artificially ""distressed"" to produce a worn look."
though settlers returned to and re-established acadia in 1611 and it remained a de facto french colony until 1713 it was largely left to its own governance and its people became known as the neutral francais	though settlers returned to and re-established acadia in 1611 and it remained a de facto french colony until 1713 it was largely left to its own governance and its people became known as the neutral french.
"the names ""lee harvey"" and ""osvaldo"" drew comparisons to lee harvey oswald, the alleged assassin of president john f. kennedy."	"the names ""lee harvey"" and ""osvaldo"" drew comparisons to lee harvey oswald, the assassin of president john f. kennedy."
this however , conflicts with opponents holding an anti-abortion stance argue that an embryo is a human being and therefore entitled to dignity even if legally slated for destruction.	this in turn , conflicts with opponents holding an anti-abortion stance argue that an embryo is a human being and therefore entitled to dignity even if legally slated for destruction.
the papajohns.com bowl, formerly known as the birmingham bowl, was played on december 23rd at legion field and featured university of south florida vs. east carolina university.the usf bulls crushed the ecu pirates 24-7.	the papajohns.com bowl, formerly known as the birmingham bowl, was played on december 23rd at legion field and featured university of south florida vs. east carolina university.the usf bulls defeated the ecu pirates 24-7.
cave of the patriarchs massacre	cave of the patriarchs killings
"the film received a ""bomb"" rating from leonard maltin, and a measley 6% rating from rotten tomatoes."	"the film received a ""bomb"" rating from leonard maltin, and a 6% rating from rotten tomatoes."
"gun confiscators used this term so loosely that some people even called it sniping when a handgun was used; the term 'sniper rifle' was considered very ""scary sounding"" and was very effective in inciting fear, evoking a lot of unsettling images, such as a lone gunman, undetectable, on the hunt."	"gun control advocates used this term so loosely that some people even called it sniping when a handgun was used; the term 'sniper rifle' was considered very ""scary sounding"" and was very effective in inciting fear, evoking a lot of unsettling images, such as a lone gunman, undetectable, on the hunt."
the guru granth sahib contains the teachings, philosophies and beliefs of eleven punjabi saints and four sufi saints.	the guru granth sahib contains the teachings, philosophies and beliefs of eleven hindu saints and four sufi saints.
when legendary iowa senator jonathan p. dolliver died suddenly in october 1910, young was appointed by iowa governor beryl f. carroll as dolliver's immediate replacement.	when iowa senator jonathan p. dolliver died suddenly in october 1910, young was appointed by iowa governor beryl f. carroll as dolliver's immediate replacement.
general abacha served during the controversial murder of ken saro-wiwa.	general abacha served during the controversial execution of ken saro-wiwa.
its modern usage was popularised during the 1990s by idiotic prime minister john howard and one nation party founder pauline hanson; however, stanley bruce used it in reference to striking workers in 1925 and joseph lyons during the 1930s to decry communists and migrants from non-british backgrounds .	its modern usage was popularised during the 1990s by prime minister john howard and one nation party founder pauline hanson; however, stanley bruce used it in reference to striking workers in 1925 and joseph lyons during the 1930s to decry communists and migrants from non-british backgrounds .
tirthaji and the rediscovery of vedic mathematics	tirthaji and the promotion of vedic mathematics
obscure subcultures , such as furry fandom and otherkin, have formed based around the idea of anthropomorphic animals.	subcultures , such as furry fandom and otherkin, have formed based around the idea of anthropomorphic animals.
"although us president woodrow wilson was re-elected in 1916 under the slogan ""he kept us out of the war"", at the start of his second term he decided that germany's continued deployment of unrestricted submarine warfare was sufficient cause for the us to enter world war i. shortly afterward, congress passed the selective service act of 1917, which required all males aged 2130 to register for military conscription."	"although us president woodrow wilson was re-elected in 1916 under the slogan ""he kept us out of the war"", at the start of his second term he announced that germany's continued deployment of unrestricted submarine warfare was sufficient cause for the us to enter world war i. shortly afterward, congress passed the selective service act of 1917, which required all males aged 2130 to register for military conscription."
"the church of scientology insists that hubbard was acting as a us government intelligence agent, on a mission to put an end to parsons' magickal activities, and to ""rescue"" a girl he was ""using"" for magical purposes."	"the church of scientology insists that hubbard was acting as a us government intelligence agent, on a mission to put an end to parsons' magickal activities, and to ""rescue"" a girl he was ""using"" for magickal purposes."
the legal position is better at other sites and in other countries.	the legal position is different at other sites and in other countries.
a few days after her passing in an act of grief and true love saikaku started to compose a thousand-verse haikai poem in a matter of twelve hours.	a few days after her death in an act of grief and true love saikaku started to compose a thousand-verse haikai poem in a matter of twelve hours.
tacitus considers them as a germanic people similar to swedes :	tacitus considers them as a germanic people similar to suiones :
258 ad: the martyr saint lawrence was roasted alive on a giant grill during the persecution of valerian.	258 ad: the deacon saint lawrence was roasted alive on a giant grill during the persecution of valerian.
falun gong has been the focus of international attention since july 20, 1999, when the government of the people's republic of china (prc) began a nationwide persecution , except in the special administrative regions of hong kong and macau.	falun gong has been the focus of international attention since july 20, 1999, when the government of the people's republic of china (prc) began a nationwide crackdown , except in the special administrative regions of hong kong and macau.
quarles was remodeled about 10 years ago and is in great condition.	quarles was remodeled about 10 years ago and is in good condition.
of these, the most commonly-performed work is the siegfried idyll, a beautiful chamber piece written for the birthday of his second wife, cosima.	of these, the most commonly-performed work is the siegfried idyll, a chamber piece written for the birthday of his second wife, cosima.
veena malik (born 1984 as zahida malik), pakistani actress, model and comedienne	veena malik (born 1984 as zahida malik), pakistani actress, model and comedian
shake your body (down to the ground) is a disco/funk song recorded by the jacksons for their 1978 album destiny, and released as a single on december 8, 1978. it peaked at no.	shake your body (down to the ground) is a song recorded by the jacksons for their 1978 album destiny, and released as a single on december 8, 1978. it peaked at no.
this conveniently omits other qualities attributed to odin in norse mythology, such as wisdom, healing, royalty, knowledge, sorcery, poetry, and the runic alphabet the reference to death and war in the group's name, according to jurgen hamsfield, is due to a perceived conflict soldiers of odin sees with refugees.	this omits other qualities attributed to odin in norse mythology, such as wisdom, healing, royalty, knowledge, sorcery, poetry, and the runic alphabet the reference to death and war in the group's name, according to jurgen hamsfield, is due to a perceived conflict soldiers of odin sees with refugees.
after his passing , flores' fame continued to grow.	after his death , flores' fame continued to grow.
however, on the strength of outstanding goaltending from unheralded glenn healy and contributions from all four lines, the islanders achieved a huge upset when david volek scored at 5:16 of overtime of the deciding seventh game.	however, on the strength of outstanding goaltending from glenn healy and contributions from all four lines, the islanders achieved a huge upset when david volek scored at 5:16 of overtime of the deciding seventh game.
in 1996, he appeared at the academy awards to a long standing ovation and gave a moving speech about hollywood's duty to make movies that face the world's most important issues head-on.	in 1996, he appeared at the academy awards to a long standing ovation and gave a speech about hollywood's duty to make movies that face the world's most important issues head-on.
the panama canal expansion project (also called the third set of locks project) will double the capacity of the panama canal by 2015 by creating a new lane of traffic and allowing more and larger ships to transit.	the panama canal expansion project (also called the third set of locks project) is intended to double the capacity of the panama canal by 2015 by creating a new lane of traffic and allowing more and larger ships to transit.
one of the iconic homemade stone jars known as 'grey hens'	one of the homemade stone jars known as 'grey hens'
she is best known for her long-running role as bart simpson on the animated television series the simpsons.	she is known for her long-running role as bart simpson on the animated television series the simpsons.
they believe they had a spiritual transformation and that their orientation was changed.	they claim they had a spiritual transformation and that their orientation was changed.
the battle was the first action in which aircraft carriers engaged each other, as well as the first in which neither side's ships sighted or fired directly upon the other.	the battle is historically significant as the first action in which aircraft carriers engaged each other, as well as the first in which neither side's ships sighted or fired directly upon the other.
fans of the legislation herald a solution to high levels of uninsured.	proponents of the legislation herald a solution to high levels of uninsured.
on february 5th, the voters of california rejected proposition 93, issuing nez a humiliating defeat.	on february 5th, the voters of california rejected proposition 93, issuing nez a defeat.
city of god received near-universal critical acclaim, garnering a 92% rating on rotten tomatoes and was named 2004 film of the year by empire magazine.	city of god received critical acclaim, garnering a 92% rating on rotten tomatoes and was named 2004 film of the year by empire magazine.
microsoft has no patch for the browser.	microsoft has yet to issue a patch for the browser.
hyatt regency hotels are full service properties with facilities tailored to serve the needs of conventions, business travelers and resort vacationers; they are conveniently located in urban, suburban, airport, convention and resort destinations around the world.	hyatt regency hotels are full service properties with facilities tailored to serve the needs of conventions, business travelers and resort vacationers; they are located in urban, suburban, airport, convention and resort destinations around the world.
2006 world map of worldwide governance indicators, which measures the extent to which agents have confidence in and abide by the rules of society.	2006 world map of worldwide governance indicators, which attempts to measure the extent to which agents have confidence in and abide by the rules of society.
the film deals with the difficult issue of the sexuality of people with disabilities.	the film deals with the issue of the sexuality of people with disabilities.
the musical theatre has been around since 1975 and has produced shows such as guys and dolls; thoroughly modern millie; annie; les misrables; cinderella; annie, get your gun; hairspray, and most recently a top performance of beauty and the beast.	the musical theatre has been around since 1975 and has produced shows such as guys and dolls; thoroughly modern millie; annie; les misrables; cinderella; annie, get your gun; hairspray , and most recently a performance of beauty and the beast .
now david is working on a new solo album which is tentatively due in spring of 2006 and is boasted to have guest appearances by richard wright, david crosby and graham nash.	now david is working on a new solo album which is tentatively due in spring of 2006 and is reported to have guest appearances by richard wright, david crosby and graham nash.
"east milton, massachusetts, more commonly referred to as ""the e"", is known for a notably high concentration of drunk irish-americans in its population."	"east milton, massachusetts, more commonly referred to as ""the e"", is known for a notably high concentration of irish-americans in its population."
later in 2007, silver state helicopters partnered with new york private investment firm, eos partners which essentially created silver state services corp. the hope was to give silver state the opportunity to grow at an accelerated pace in the areas of flight training and other commercial operations.	later in 2007, silver state helicopters partnered with new york private investment firm, eos partners which essentially created silver state services corp. the plan was to give silver state the opportunity to grow at an accelerated pace in the areas of flight training and other commercial operations.
in collaboration with ravindra jain, she has widely sung for most movies based on indian scriptures and many notable devotional albums such as mastakabhishek (1982), as well as jai bahubali, sahaja dhara dedicated to shri mataji nirmala devi, and aqeeda, and has also rendered the ramayan chaupaiyan, kabir doha, sanskrit bhaktamar stotra, sunder kand and various devotional songs.	in collaboration with ravindra jain, she has widely sung for most movies based on indian scriptures and many devotional albums such as mastakabhishek (1982), as well as jai bahubali, sahaja dhara dedicated to shri mataji nirmala devi, and aqeeda, and has also rendered the ramayan chaupaiyan, kabir doha, sanskrit bhaktamar stotra, sunder kand and various devotional songs.
today, the country has gained notoriety for its economic freedom, its adaptation of new technologies, and as one of the world's fastest growing economies.	today, the country has gained recognition for its economic freedom, its adaptation of new technologies, and as one of the world's fastest growing economies.
the tournament was started in 1989, named after a young gaelic footballer gerry reilly who was tragically killed in december 1987 at sixteen years of age.	the tournament was started in 1989, named after a young gaelic footballer gerry reilly who was killed in december 1987 at sixteen years of age.
louis with his ernomous 80.000 strong army repelled the serbian duan's armies in vojvodine of mava and principality of travunia in 1349. when czar dusan broke into bosnian territory he was defeated by bosnian stjepan ii with the assistance of king louis' troops, and when duan made a second attempt he was decisively beaten by his luckier rival, king louis the great himself, in 1354. the two monarchs signed the peace agreement in 1355.	louis with his 80.000 strong army repelled the serbian duan's armies in vojvodine of mava and principality of travunia in 1349. when czar dusan broke into bosnian territory he was defeated by bosnian stjepan ii with the assistance of king louis' troops, and when duan made a second attempt he was decisively beaten by his luckier rival, king louis the great himself, in 1354. the two monarchs signed the peace agreement in 1355.
when the church finds out, he is taken to court and sadly loses all his money and property, and lyra was sent to a convent.	when the church finds out, he is taken to court and loses all his money and property, and lyra was sent to a convent.
in a review published in the nation magazine, former cia agent robert baer dismissed the gist of griffin's writings as one in a long line of conspiracy theories about national tragedies, but noted that the bush administration had created a climate of secrecy and mistrust that helped generate such explanations.	in a review published in the nation magazine, former cia agent robert baer dismissed the gist of griffin's writings as one in a long line of conspiracy theories about national tragedies, but argued that the bush administration had created a climate of secrecy and mistrust that helped generate such explanations.
jogia was cast in the lead role of danny desai on the abc family series twisted (originally titled socio), which premiered on june 11, 2013; the show was unfortunately cancelled after the first season.	jogia was cast in the lead role of danny desai on the abc family series twisted (originally titled socio), which premiered on june 11, 2013; the show was cancelled after the first season.
because of the small space, they typically offer fewer different speeds, although at least one|one has reached 14 gear ratios.	because of the small space, they typically offer fewer different speeds, although at least one has reached 14 gear ratios.
john continued to passionately steer many product development initiatives for the breville brand up until his passing in december 2004. the research and development centre continues to design dozens of small appliance products today and has helped breville become a world leader in many small appliance categories.	john continued to passionately steer many product development initiatives for the breville brand up until his death in december 2004. the research and development centre continues to design dozens of small appliance products today and has helped breville become a world leader in many small appliance categories.
all of the people murdered in the tobermore area were protestant :	all of the people killed in the tobermore area were protestant :
"pejorative term ""bantustan"" has been revived in recent years by critics of israeli policies towards the palestinians, who perceive a parallel between current israeli policies and south africa's apartheid system."	"the term ""bantustan"" has been revived in recent years by critics of israeli policies towards the palestinians, who perceive a parallel between current israeli policies and south africa's apartheid system."
garofalo came under fire from her listeners for her comments on her april 28 2006 show supporting scientology-linked new york rescue worker's detoxification program , a questionable treatment for workers now suffering ailments from 9/11 clean-up efforts in new york city.	garofalo came under fire from her listeners for her comments on her april 28 2006 show supporting scientology-linked new york rescue worker's detoxification program , a controversial treatment for workers now suffering ailments from 9/11 clean-up efforts in new york city.
the role of donya alicia la pea is played by comedienne and veteran actress tessie tomas (originally immortalized by alicia vergel).	the role of donya alicia la pea is played by comedian and veteran actress tessie tomas (originally immortalized by alicia vergel).
"examples of holidays denounced as ""hallmark holidays"" include secretary's day, mother's day, father's day, and sweetest day."	"examples of holidays that have been called as ""hallmark holidays"" include secretary's day, mother's day, father's day, and sweetest day."
this however caused confusion since fidesz became a conservative -populist party and the magazine did not want to be identified with the changed party.	this however caused confusion since fidesz became a conservative party and the magazine did not want to be identified with the changed party.
hash oil is traditionally a dark, beautiful golden gue.	hash oil is traditionally a dark, golden gue.
glen phillips the official site with news, tour dates and a fantastic message board.	glen phillips the official site with news, tour dates and a message board.
introduced on september 17, 1985, it was part of apple's long awaited solution toward completing the macintosh office (a suite of integrated business hardware & software) announced in january 1985. unfortunately it would be over a year more before apple would release the file server software appleshare that would link all of the hardware together.	introduced on september 17, 1985, it was part of apple's long awaited solution toward completing the macintosh office (a suite of integrated business hardware & software) announced in january 1985. it would be over a year more before apple would release the file server software appleshare that would link all of the hardware together.
leicester city had originally been awarded a clear penalty, which was saved by manuel almunia.	leicester city had originally been awarded a penalty, which was saved by manuel almunia.
illegal political party devoted to albanian popular nationalism.	political party devoted to albanian popular nationalism.
mozilla firefox is a free, open source, cross-platform graphical web browser developed by the mozilla corporation and hundreds of volunteers .	mozilla firefox is a free, open source, cross-platform graphical web browser developed by the mozilla corporation and hundreds of unpaid workers .
piedmont is a small affluent primarily liberal city in alameda county, california, united states.	piedmont is a small affluent extremely liberal city in alameda county, california, united states.
"dio's logo, when inverted, spells out the word ""devil"", although this is disputed and ronnie james dio insists that he does not see it and never intended to do this."	"dio's logo, when inverted, seems to spell out the word ""devil"", although this is disputed and ronnie james dio insists that he does not see it and never intended to do this."
the moving song tells the story of a young confederate whose father has just been killed during the american civil war.	the song tells the story of a young confederate whose father has just been killed during the american civil war.
the next day, october 25, grenada was illegally invaded by combined forces from the united states, the regional security system (rss) and jamaica, in an operation codenamed operation urgent fury.	the next day, october 25, grenada was invaded by combined forces from the united states, the regional security system (rss) and jamaica, in an operation codenamed operation urgent fury.
alfonsn was among the few prominent argentine political figures to vocally oppose president leopoldo galtieri's april 1982 invasion of the falkland islands.	alfonsn was among the few prominent argentine political figures to vocally oppose president leopoldo galtieri's april 1982 defense of the falkland islands.
recent estimates would suggest that the figure was much closer to only 6%.	recent estimates would suggest that the figure was much closer to 6%.
bergen architect school (bas) , funded in 1986 by architect svein hatly, has one of scandinavias most leading and progressive alternative programs, with successful graduants like 3rw arkitekter and tommie wilhemsen .	bergen architect school (bas) , funded in 1986 by architect svein hatly, has one of scandinavias most leading and progressive alternative programs, with graduants like 3rw arkitekter and tommie wilhemsen .
however, the term historical revisionism has relatively recently been appropriated by many holocaust deniers.	however, the term historical revisionism has relatively recently been adopted by many holocaust deniers.
regional consistories supervised cult and clergy.	regional consistories supervised church and clergy.
(this should be temporarily disabled by holding down the shift key while inserting the disc, or by disabling autorun altogether.)	(this can be temporarily disabled by holding down the shift key while inserting the disc, or by disabling autorun altogether.)
child pornography, hate speech, and sites that encourage the theft of intellectual property are blocked in many countries throughout the world.	child pornography, hate speech, and sites that encourage the infringement of intellectual property are blocked in many countries throughout the world.
probably the most controversial issue, the putative role of ascorbate in the management of aids, is still unresolved, more than 16 years after the landmark study published in the prestigious proceedings of national academy of sciences (usa) showing that non toxic doses of ascorbate suppress hiv replication in vitro.	probably the most controversial issue, the putative role of ascorbate in the management of aids, is still unresolved, more than 16 years after the landmark study published in the proceedings of national academy of sciences (usa) showing that non toxic doses of ascorbate suppress hiv replication in vitro.
in 2002, monitoring of ethanol plants revealed that they released vocs (volatile organic compounds) at a much higher rate than had previously been disclosed.	in 2002, monitoring of ethanol plants revealed that they released vocs (volatile organic compounds) at a higher rate than had previously been disclosed.
sons served proudly as officers in dillon's irish regiment, in the irish brigade (french) army.	sons served as officers in dillon's irish regiment, in the irish brigade (french) army.
important buildings in the area include the township building, lehigh valley health network's health center at moselem springs (in the historic inn, est.	buildings in the area include the township building, lehigh valley health network's health center at moselem springs (in the historic inn, est.
in the 2010 series, jordan was partnered with comedienne and psychologist dr. pamela stephenson.	in the 2010 series, jordan was partnered with comedian and psychologist dr. pamela stephenson.
the andromeda galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 2.5 million light-years away	the andromeda galaxy is a spiral galaxy approximately 2.5 million light-years from earth
in 1995, isabelle gallimard took over direction of the prestigious publishing house.	in 1995, isabelle gallimard took over direction of the publishing house.
the holocaust is the name applied to the systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of the jews of europe along with other groups during world war ii allegedly by nazi germany and collaborators.	the holocaust is the name applied to the systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of the jews of europe along with other groups during world war ii by nazi germany and collaborators.
his youngest brother, danny, died tragically in an automobile accident while he was an architecture student at the university of kansas.	his youngest brother, danny, died in an automobile accident while he was an architecture student at the university of kansas.
fahrenhype 9/11 is a straight-to-dvd movie which reexamines and refutes michael moore's documentary, fahrenheit 9/11.	fahrenhype 9/11 is a straight-to-dvd movie which reexamines and attempts to refute michael moore's documentary, fahrenheit 9/11.
the most widely known montanist was undoubtedly tertullian, who was the foremost latin church writer before he defected to montanism.	the most widely known montanist was undoubtedly tertullian, who was the foremost latin church writer before he converted to montanism.
"lowey has had a ""progressive"" voting record, with the exception of her slavish support for israel."	"lowey has had a ""progressive"" voting record, with the exception of her support for israel."
some students and educators have expressed negative feelings towards this program and feel that this program does not contribute much to the improvement of students' hebrew language ability.	many students and educators have expressed negative feelings towards this program and feel that this program does not contribute much to the improvement of students' hebrew language ability.
2006), chemistry (m.sc.2007) and theology (m.a.2007), continuing his studies on russian and chinese languages .	2006), chemistry (m.sc.2007) and theology (m.a.2007), continuing his studies on russian and chinese.
"braunbehrens, cited below, observes that the ""key"" metaphor used here is borrowed from the ceremonies of freemasonry; see mozart and freemasonry."	"braunbehrens, cited below, speculates that the ""key"" metaphor used here is borrowed from the ceremonies of freemasonry; see mozart and freemasonry."
black power is a racist political slogan and a name for various associated ideologies aimed at achieving self-determination for people of african descent.	black power is a political slogan and a name for various associated ideologies aimed at achieving self-determination for people of african descent.
paul silver and his younger daughter celine died tragically in an automobile accident in north carolina on august 7, 2009.	paul silver and his younger daughter celine died in an automobile accident in north carolina on august 7, 2009.
alternative facts is a phrase that was used by counselor to the president kellyanne conway during a meet the press interview, in which she defended white house press secretary sean spicer's lies about the attendance at donald trump's inauguration as president of the united states.	alternative facts is a phrase that was used by counselor to the president kellyanne conway during a meet the press interview, in which she defended white house press secretary sean spicer's comments about the attendance at donald trump's inauguration as president of the united states.
though the new constitution was adopted on 3 september, marie antoinette hoped through the end of 1791 that the distasteful political drift she saw occurring toward representative democracy could be stopped and rolled back.	though the new constitution was adopted on 3 september, marie antoinette hoped through the end of 1791 that the political drift she saw occurring toward representative democracy could be stopped and rolled back.
the claims that reefer madness was produced as an exploitation film, thinly veiled as an educational piece to comply with the hays code are simply untrue.	the claims that reefer madness was produced as an exploitation film, thinly veiled as an educational piece to comply with the hays code are untrue.
"in the letter she claims that ever since her father's death she has been dealing with ""ghosts"" and that she now needs to go away and deal with them before self-destructing."	"in the letter she states that ever since her father's death she has been dealing with ""ghosts"" and that she now needs to go away and deal with them before self-destructing."
he is best known as the protg and alleged life partner of fbi director j. edgar hoover.	he is best known as the protg and ostensible life partner of fbi director j. edgar hoover.
as of september 2010, there were still over one million refugees living in tents and the humanitarian situation was characterized as still being in the emergency phase, according to the apostolic nuncio to haiti, archbishop bernard auza.	as of september 2010, there were over one million refugees living in tents and the humanitarian situation was characterized as still being in the emergency phase, according to the apostolic nuncio to haiti, archbishop bernard auza.
this is a list of characters currently in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, listed in order of first appearance.	this is a list of characters currently in the bbc soap opera eastenders, listed in order of first appearance.
ahmed yassin was assassinated in an israeli terrorist attack on march 22, 2004. while he was being wheeled out of an early morning prayer session, an israeli helicopter gunship fired hellfire missiles at yassin and both of his bodyguards.	ahmed yassin was assassinated in an israeli attack on march 22, 2004. while he was being wheeled out of an early morning prayer session, an israeli helicopter gunship fired hellfire missiles at yassin and both of his bodyguards.
manual lymphatic drainage (mld) is a type of gentle massage which encourages the natural circulation of the lymph through the body.	manual lymphatic drainage (mld) is a type of gentle massage which is believed by proponents to encourage the natural circulation of the lymph through the body.
he and his writing partner, natasha vargas-cooper, were widely criticized for their poor comprehension of the case facts, controversial editorializing and their failure to fact-check which later resulted in three corrections.	he and his writing partner, natasha vargas-cooper, were widely criticized for alleged poor comprehension of the case facts, controversial editorializing and their failure to fact-check which later resulted in three corrections.
on november 4, 2008 florida voted on florida amendment 2 (2008) and voted overwhelmingly (62%- 38%) to approve a ban on gay marriage and also ban civil unions.	on november 4, 2008 florida voted on florida amendment 2 (2008) and voted (62%- 38%) to approve a ban on gay marriage and also ban civil unions.
nevermind was a surprise success when it was released in the fall of 1991; by january of 1992 it had knocked superstar michael jackson's album dangerous out of the top spot on the billboard charts.	nevermind was a surprise success when it was released in the fall of 1991; by january of 1992 it had knocked michael jackson's album dangerous out of the top spot on the billboard charts.
although the effects, addiction, and chemical composition of oxycodone are extremely similar to heroin, oxycodone abuse often lacks the strong taboos and negative reputation of heroin.	although the effects, addiction, and chemical composition of oxycodone are extremely similar to heroin, oxycodone misuse often lacks the strong taboos and negative reputation of heroin.
in 715 bce, following the death of ahaz, hezekiah became the sole regent of judah and initiated widespread religious reforms smashing the idols the people had worshiped during the reign of his father and leading the jews toward a renewed relationship with god.	in 715 bce, following the death of ahaz, hezekiah became the sole regent of judah and initiated widespread religious changes smashing the idols the people had worshiped during the reign of his father and leading the jews toward a renewed relationship with god.
the technique's effectiveness remains unproven .	the technique's effectiveness remains debated .
wilkinson is an obscure figure today, and is remembered mainly for a book he wrote in 1930 entitled our authorized bible vindicated, which was edited by david otis fuller and was included in his book, which bible?, to hide wilkinson's adventist beliefs which helped to popularize king james only beliefs.	wilkinson is an obscure figure today, and is remembered mainly for a book he wrote in 1930 entitled our authorized bible vindicated, which was edited by david otis fuller and was included in his book, which bible?, to incorporate wilkinson's adventist beliefs which helped to popularize king james only beliefs.
some dentists wrongly believe it is due to a lack of symmetry in the teeth; others, that it reflects anxiety, digestive problems or a disturbed sleep pattern 2.	some dentists believe it is due to a lack of symmetry in the teeth; others, that it reflects anxiety, digestive problems or a disturbed sleep pattern 2.
according to research firm npd, duke nukem forever only sold 376,300 units in its first month (on all platforms), despite notably strong sales in its first week of release.	according to research firm npd, duke nukem forever sold 376,300 units in its first month (on all platforms), despite notably strong sales in its first week of release.
umpire larry barnett correctly ruled otherwise, however.	umpire larry barnett ruled otherwise, however.
baha-ud-din naqshband bukhari (1318 1389) was the founder of the great sufi naqshbandi order.	baha-ud-din naqshband bukhari (1318 1389) was the founder of the sufi naqshbandi order.
vadakkumangudi is a popular village in thanjavur district, in india.	vadakkumangudi is a village in thanjavur district, in india.
following his off-field stint with the bulldogs, jackson became a respected rugby league commentator for fox sports on australia's then new pay tv network foxtel.	following his off-field stint with the bulldogs, jackson became a rugby league commentator for fox sports on australia's then new pay tv network foxtel.
two different accounts of the birth of jesus are given in the new testament of the bible, one in the gospel of matthew and one in the gospel of luke.	two accounts of the birth of jesus are given in the new testament of the bible, one in the gospel of matthew and one in the gospel of luke.
"generally the surface is not especially prepared (which can come as a surprise to pampered walkers from abroad, who find their distance-covering estimates need to be rethought to take rough ground into account) except in special places such as converted rail tracks, or some ""busy"" hilly areas where stone slabs are laid to prevent erosion."	"generally the surface is not especially prepared (which can come as a surprise to walkers from abroad, who find their distance-covering estimates need to be rethought to take rough ground into account) except in special places such as converted rail tracks, or some ""busy"" hilly areas where stone slabs are laid to prevent erosion."
modern flat earth societies consist of individuals who promote the erroneous idea that the earth is flat rather than a sphere.	modern flat earth societies consist of individuals who promote the idea that the earth is flat rather than a sphere.
the conservatives finally regained power with a minority government in early 2006.	the conservatives eventually regained power with a minority government in early 2006.
the critics of the current approaches to trafficking note that a lot of the violence and exploitation faced by illegal migrants derives precisely from the fact that their migration and their work are illegal and not primarily because of some evil trafficking networks.	the critics of the current approaches to trafficking say that a lot of the violence and exploitation faced by illegal migrants derives precisely from the fact that their migration and their work are illegal and not primarily because of some evil trafficking networks.
the scythians ( or ; from greek ), or scyths , were an turkic nomadic people living in scythia, the region encompassing the pontic-caspian steppe (in eastern europe) and parts of central asia throughout the classical antiquity.	the scythians ( or ; from greek ), or scyths , were an iranian nomadic people living in scythia, the region encompassing the pontic-caspian steppe (in eastern europe) and parts of central asia throughout the classical antiquity.
"when asked if he had supplied the voice, either newly or from a previous recording, james earl jones evasively told newsday, ""you'd have to ask lucas about that."	"when asked if he had supplied the voice, either newly or from a previous recording, james earl jones told newsday, ""you'd have to ask lucas about that."
the minister chosen by lula was antnio palocci, a physician and former trotskyst activist who had recanted his extreme left views while serving as the mayor of the sugarcane processing industry center of ribeiro preto, in the state of so paulo.	the minister chosen by lula was antnio palocci, a physician and former trotskyst activist who had recanted his far left views while serving as the mayor of the sugarcane processing industry center of ribeiro preto, in the state of so paulo.
by the late 19th century, the freedom movement had gained momentum; karnad sadashiva rao, aluru venkata raya, s. nijalingappa, kengal hanumanthaiah, nittoor srinivasa rau and others carried on the struggle into the early 20th century.	by the late 19th century, the independence movement had gained momentum; karnad sadashiva rao, aluru venkata raya, s. nijalingappa, kengal hanumanthaiah, nittoor srinivasa rau and others carried on the struggle into the early 20th century.
geordie were a hard rock band from newcastle upon tyne, most notably active in the 1970s.	geordie were a rock band from newcastle upon tyne, most notably active in the 1970s.
"in a review of franken's book in the washington newspaper the hill, reviewer mary lynn f. jones, a fan of franken's previous works, opined , ""franken's tendency to mix fact with fiction also left me wondering sometimes what was true and what wasn't."""	"in a review of franken's book in the washington newspaper the hill, reviewer mary lynn f. jones, a fan of franken's previous works, wrote , ""franken's tendency to mix fact with fiction also left me wondering sometimes what was true and what wasn't."""
an excellent overview of the state of the art in numerical methods is given in betts.	an overview of the state of the art in numerical methods is given in betts.
the xiongnu (old chinese: /qo.na/, wadegiles: hsiung-nu), were a large turkic confederation of eurasian nomads who dominated the asian steppe from the late 3rd century bce to the late 1st century ce.	the xiongnu (old chinese: /qo.na/, wadegiles: hsiung-nu), were a large confederation of eurasian nomads who dominated the asian steppe from the late 3rd century bce to the late 1st century ce.
anne vyalitsyna (russian: ) (born march 19, 1986), also known simply as anne v, is a russian supermodel .	anne vyalitsyna (russian: ) (born march 19, 1986), also known simply as anne v, is a russian model .
he and other democratic leaders have even been prevented from entering pakistan.	he and other democratic leaders have subsequently been prevented from entering pakistan.
the book was inspired by the fascinating properties of transposons.	the book was inspired by the properties of transposons.
"from 1930 to 2006 there were nine official planets, but pluto's status was wrongly changed to that of a ""dwarf-planet"" on august 24, 2006 by the iau."	"from 1930 to 2006 there were nine official planets, but pluto's status was changed to that of a ""dwarf-planet"" on august 24, 2006 by the iau."
in order to build a permanent bridge, the remains of the old ramp and the dirt under it had to be excavated, which resulted in accusations by the waqf that israel was trying to destabilise the temple mount and collapse the dome of the rock (400 m from the location of the ramp), which in turn resulted in international criticism, violent rioting and calls for a third intifada.	in order to build a permanent bridge, the remains of the old ramp and the dirt under it had to be excavated, which resulted in accusations by the waqf that israel was trying to destabilise the temple mount and collapse the dome of the rock (400 m from the location of the ramp), which in turn resulted in international criticism, violent protests and calls for a third intifada.
some people, such as american activist ward connerly, also feel that affirmative action is discrimination in itself since it judges people by their ethnicity.	some people, such as american republican ward connerly, also feel that affirmative action is discrimination in itself since it judges people by their ethnicity.
paul jackson pollock (january 28, 1912 – august 11, 1956), known as jackson pollock, was an influential american painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement.	paul jackson pollock (january 28, 1912 – august 11, 1956), known as jackson pollock, was an american painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement.
nikola tesla (serbian cyrillic: ) (10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943) was a serbian inventor, physicist, mechanical engineer, and electrical engineer.	nikola tesla (serbian cyrillic: ) (10 july 1856 – 7 january 1943) was a inventor, physicist, mechanical engineer, and electrical engineer.
"throughout her career, marion jones has been accused, either outright or by implication, of taking performance enhancing drugs, a common allegation surrounding most athletes involved in the sports under the ""track and field"" umbrella."	"throughout her career, marion jones has been accused, either outright or by implication, of taking performance enhancing drugs, a common allegation surrounding athletes involved in the sports under the ""track and field"" umbrella."
gyazo is a free opensource screenshot program for windows, mac os x and gnu/ linux.	gyazo is a free opensource screenshot program for windows, mac os x and linux.
several community groups make good use of the village hall including a pre-school, benger bears, a playgroup, wi and over 60's group.	several community groups make use of the village hall including a pre-school, benger bears, a playgroup, wi and over 60's group.
the condition also generally worsens with age.	the condition also generally becomes more accentuated with age.
arthur lowe, peter jeffrey, richard warwick, david wood, christine noonan, and rupert webster (as the pretty young boy bobby phillips) also take starring roles.	arthur lowe, peter jeffrey, richard warwick, david wood, christine noonan, and rupert webster (as the young boy bobby phillips) also take starring roles.
-ziq recorded a bizarre cover of this song for the album lunatic harness.	-ziq recorded a cover of this song for the album lunatic harness.
hilarious was enormously praised by critics, with punchline magazine writing an extensive review on c.k.	hilarious was praised by critics, with punchline magazine writing an extensive review on c.k.
in the future date of 2500, mankind has reached its zenith in space travel and peace.	in the future date of 2500, humanity has reached its zenith in space travel and peace.
"henrik fisker lifestyle is a premium e-commerce lifestyle brand that designs and manufactures its products in the united states, and includes a collection of inspirational t-shirts called ""inspired by henrik fisker"", a collection of reprints of car sketches made by henrik fisker including iconic cars like bmw z8, aston martin db9, aston martin v8 vantage, fisker karma, vlf rocket, vlf force 1 v10."	"henrik fisker lifestyle is a premium e-commerce lifestyle brand that designs and manufactures its products in the united states, and includes a collection of inspirational t-shirts called ""inspired by henrik fisker"", a collection of reprints of car sketches made by henrik fisker including cars like bmw z8, aston martin db9, aston martin v8 vantage, fisker karma, vlf rocket, vlf force 1 v10."
tidbits is an award-winning electronic newsletter and web site dealing primarily with apple computer and macintosh-related topics.	tidbits is an influential electronic newsletter and web site dealing primarily with apple computer and macintosh-related topics.
feud with ron gardenhire	relationship with ron gardenhire
red army faction, a left-wing terrorist group active in west germany from 1970-1998	red army faction, a left-wing militant group active in west germany from 1970-1998
in 2012, sarkeesian was targeted by an online harassment campaign following her launch of a kickstarter project to fund the tropes vs. women in video games series.	in 2012, sarkeesian was targeted by an online campaign following her launch of a kickstarter project to fund the tropes vs. women in video games series.
the irish appendix reflected an ambiguous irish experience of republican practice.	the irish appendix suggested an ambiguous irish experience of republican practice.
it was only on the king's passing in january 1972 that a debate was opened on how his wish could be granted.	it was only on the king's death in january 1972 that a debate was opened on how his wish could be granted.
"literally ""party of allah"") is a shi'a islamic political and paramilitary terrorist organization based in lebanon."	"literally ""party of allah"") is a shi'a islamic political and paramilitary organization based in lebanon."
it was during 1994 that his severe onfield yet off-the-ball assault on john mcstay of raith rovers led to fergusons incarceration within barlinnie prison.	it was during 1994 that his onfield yet off-the-ball assault on john mcstay of raith rovers led to fergusons incarceration within barlinnie prison.
she wore a beautiful dress which she had made herself.	she wore a dress which she had made herself.
new york finally became the last of the 50 states to allow the sport in early 2016, after silver's expulsion from the assembly.	new york became the last of the 50 states to allow the sport in early 2016, after silver's expulsion from the assembly.
"it is well known for its annual list of ""america's best places to live""."	"it is known for its annual list of ""america's best places to live""."
"a parent of one of the students complained that ""coach monken had no business telling my son and his army teammates to get on their knees and pray a prayer to jesus!"	"a parent of one of the students said that ""coach monken had no business telling my son and his army teammates to get on their knees and pray a prayer to jesus!"
totally rejecting hobbesian insights , anarchists argue that if the state and its restrictions on individual freedom were abolished, people could figure out how to work together peacefully while individual creativity would be unleashed.	totally rejecting hobbesian ideas , anarchists argue that if the state and its restrictions on individual freedom were abolished, people could figure out how to work together peacefully while individual creativity would be unleashed.
"thomas frederick ""tommy"" cooper (19 march 1921 - 15 april 1984) was a very popular british prop comedian and magician from caerphilly, wales."	"thomas frederick ""tommy"" cooper (19 march 1921 - 15 april 1984) was a very popular welsh prop comedian and magician from caerphilly, wales."
john forbes nash, jr. (june 13, 1928  may 23, 2015) was an american mathematician with major contributions in game theory, differential geometry, and partial differential equations, which have provided insight into the factors that govern chance and events inside complex systems in daily life.	john forbes nash, jr. (june 13, 1928  may 23, 2015) was an american mathematician with notable contributions in game theory, differential geometry, and partial differential equations, which have provided insight into the factors that govern chance and events inside complex systems in daily life.
the great global warming swindle is a polemic al documentary by british television producer martin durkin.	the great global warming swindle is a polemic portrayed as a documentary by british television producer martin durkin.
from a jewish background himself, dr. wilson comments on the idea that the unification church blames jews for the crucifixion of jesus:	from a jewish background himself, dr. wilson comments on the accusation that the unification church blames jews for the crucifixion of jesus:
the number of confederate states is thus sometimes considered to be 13. for most of its duration the confederacy was engaged in the civil war, mostly in defense against attacks by invading union forces.	the number of confederate states is thus sometimes considered to be 13. for most of its duration the confederacy was engaged in the civil war, mostly in defense against attacks by union forces.
"cocksure chance approaches mr. boston at the mansion to ""check on him."""	"chance approaches mr. boston at the mansion to ""check on him."""
master wollmershauser attempted to spread this word of unity throughout the world until his passing in december 2002.	master wollmershauser attempted to spread this word of unity throughout the world until his death in december 2002.
another interesting difference is that the leader may freely step with his left foot when the follower steps with her left foot too.	another difference is that the leader may freely step with his left foot when the follower steps with her left foot too.
however, strategic product plans may call for a discontinuation of this legacy model under fiat management.	however, strategic product plans may call for a discontinuation of this model under fiat management.
after no explosion occurred at the expected time, two brave volunteers from the 48th regiment (lt. jacob douty and sgt.	after no explosion occurred at the expected time, two volunteers from the 48th regiment (lt. jacob douty and sgt.
2008-present: mainstream success	2008-present: success
despite racist legislation that prevented issei from becoming naturalized citizens (and therefore from owning property, voting, or running for political office), these japanese immigrants established communities in their new hometowns.	despite legislation that prevented issei from becoming naturalized citizens (and therefore from owning property, voting, or running for political office), these japanese immigrants established communities in their new hometowns.
fannie flagg (born 1944), an american actress, comedienne and author	fannie flagg (born 1944), an american actress, comedian and author
football manager celebrated its twentieth birthday in the summer of 2012, and to celebrate this remarkable milestone back page press released a book including interviews with the creators and players that became legends in-game.	football manager celebrated its twentieth birthday in the summer of 2012, and to celebrate this milestone back page press released a book including interviews with the creators and players that became legends in-game.
jabu sithole, 34, popular zulu weatherman on the south african broadcasting corporation, aids.	jabu sithole, 34, zulu weatherman on the south african broadcasting corporation, aids.
perry was elected in his own right in 2002, and again in 2006 in a six-way race where he received only a plurality (39%) of the vote.	perry was elected in his own right in 2002, and again in 2006 in a six-way race where he received a plurality (39%) of the vote.
elst is famous for its roman temples, which are situated under the saint werenfried church.	elst is known for its roman temples, which are situated under the saint werenfried church.
neutral monism is often coupled with dual aspect theory which maintains that general and physical are two perspectives on a reality that is theneither mental nor physical.	neutral monism is often coupled with dual aspect theory which maintains that general and physical are two perspectives on a reality that is neither mental nor physical.
upamerican enterprise institute resident scholar christina hoff sommers objected to the criticism directed at gamers, stating the gamer generation is much less prejudiced than previous generations.	upamerican enterprise institute resident scholar christina hoff sommers objected to the criticism directed at gamers, responding that the gamer generation is much less prejudiced than previous generations.
in 2013, overington was appointed associate editor of australia's oldest, and biggest-selling magazine, the iconic australian women's weekly, where she has interviewed former prime minister julia gillard; screen actress helen mirren; comedienne ellen de generes; industrialist gina rinehart; and us secretary of state, hillary clinton.	in 2013, overington was appointed associate editor of australia's oldest, and biggest-selling magazine, the iconic australian women's weekly, where she has interviewed former prime minister julia gillard; screen actress helen mirren; comedian ellen de generes; industrialist gina rinehart; and us secretary of state, hillary clinton.
author nat hentoff, winner of the ala's 1983 immroth award for intellectual freedom, has lashed out at the ala's refusal to take a stance on 10 cuban dissidents operating private libraries who have been jailed by the cuban regime .	author nat hentoff, winner of the ala's 1983 immroth award for intellectual freedom, has lashed out at the ala's refusal to take a stance on 10 cuban dissidents operating private libraries who have been jailed by the cuban government .
it is often used by the international news media outlets such as bbc and cnn to report the ltte perspective of incidents in sri lanka.	it is often used by the international news media outlets such as bbc and cnn to report the tamil perspective of incidents in sri lanka.
it was formed on january 30, 2015, as the result of a merger of the scandal-plagued joint pow/mia accounting command, the defense prisoner of war/missing personnel office, and parts of the air force's life sciences lab.	it was formed on january 30, 2015, as the result of a merger of the joint pow/mia accounting command, the defense prisoner of war/missing personnel office, and parts of the air force's life sciences lab.
ortiz cofer beautifully weaves together private life and public space through intimate portrayals of family relationships and rich descriptions of place.	ortiz cofer weaves together private life and public space through intimate portrayals of family relationships and rich descriptions of place.
"taiwan , also known as formosa, especially in the past, (from , ""beautiful island""), is an island nation situated in east asia in the western pacific ocean and located off the southeastern coast of mainland china."	"taiwan , also known as formosa, especially in the past, (from , ""beautiful island""), is an island situated in east asia in the western pacific ocean and located off the southeastern coast of mainland china."
throughout her life, she continued to have many visions, and in 1141, hildegard received a call from god.	throughout her life, she continued to have many visions, and in 1141, hildegard had, what she believed to be, a call from god.
some, such as joanne pearson, believes that this is based on the mesopotamian myth of innana's descent into hell , though this has not been confirmed.	some, such as joanne pearson, believes that this is based on the mesopotamian myth of innana's descent into the underworld , though this has not been confirmed.
secret archives of the vatican satirical article from rotten.com	secret archives of the vatican article from rotten.com
nontrinitarianism (or antitrinitarianism) refers to monotheistic belief systems, primarily within christianity, which reject the mainstream christian doctrine of the trinity, namely, the teaching that god is three distinct hypostases or persons and yet co-eternal, co-equal, and indivisibly united in one essence or ousia.	nontrinitarianism (or antitrinitarianism) refers to monotheistic belief systems, primarily within christianity, which reject the christian doctrine of the trinity, namely, the teaching that god is three distinct hypostases or persons and yet co-eternal, co-equal, and indivisibly united in one essence or ousia.
the brady campaign is conspicuously seeking donations on its website in lieu of the shootings at virginia polytechnic institute and state university.	the brady campaign is seeking donations on its website in lieu of the shootings at virginia polytechnic institute and state university.
", where they were regarded as ""ajlaf"" caste and subjected to severe discrimination by the ""ashraf"" castes"	", where they were regarded as ""ajlaf"" caste and subjected to discrimination by the ""ashraf"" castes"
center|herd of herefords in a beautiful green field	center|herd of herefords in a green field
taiwan is also commonly used to refer to the territories administered by the republic of china (roc) and to roc itself, which governs the island of taiwan, lanyu (orchid island) and green island in the pacific off the taiwan coast, the pescadores in the taiwan strait, and kinmen and the matsu islands off the coast of mainland fujian.	taiwan is also commonly used to refer to the territories governed by the republic of china (roc) and to roc itself, which governs the island of taiwan, lanyu (orchid island) and green island in the pacific off the taiwan coast, the pescadores in the taiwan strait, and kinmen and the matsu islands off the coast of mainland fujian.
the company's loftiest efforts have been in the supercar market.	the company's main efforts have been in the supercar market.
the famous photo of earth from apollo 17 (blue marble) originally had the south pole at the top; however, it was turned upside-down to fit the traditional stereotype	the famous photo of earth from apollo 17 (blue marble) originally had the south pole at the top; however, it was turned upside-down to fit the traditional perspective.
dallin finds that there is not a satisfactory analysis or explanation of the behavior of communist governments.	dallin believes that there is not a satisfactory analysis or explanation of the behavior of communist governments.
mabel normand (18921930), actress and comedienne	mabel normand (18921930), actress and comedian
the new discovery of rnai has some promise in curing als.	the new discovery of rnai has some promise in treating als.
"lipner further claims that many religious hindus implicitly acknowledge the authority of the vedas, though this acknowledgment is often ""no more than a declaration that someone considers himself or herself a hindu"", and some hindus challenge the authority of the vedas, which implicitly acknowledges its importance to the history of hinduism."	"lipner further states that many religious hindus implicitly acknowledge the authority of the vedas, though this acknowledgment is often ""no more than a declaration that someone considers himself or herself a hindu"", and some hindus challenge the authority of the vedas, which implicitly acknowledges its importance to the history of hinduism."
like most other mainstream scholars, she rejects james's views on the ground that his sources predate the decipherment of egyptian hieroglyphs.	like most other mainstream scholars, she rejects james's views on the ground that his sources predate the deciphering of egyptian hieroglyphs.
tali fahima (born 1976) is an israeli woman, of algerian jewish family background, facing trial for her contacts with zakaria zubeidi, a palestinian terrorist .	tali fahima (born 1976) is an israeli woman, of algerian jewish family background, facing trial for her contacts with zakaria zubeidi, a palestinian militant .
such draconian reductions in passenger service proved to be politically unpopular, and following the election of the progressive conservative government of brian mulroney in 1984, service was restored.	such reductions in passenger service proved to be politically unpopular, and following the election of the progressive conservative government of brian mulroney in 1984, service was restored.
legendary detroit techno artists derrick may and juan atkins tried to replicate kraftwerks sound on early techno records, such as cybotrons clear (1983), model 500s no ufos (1985) and derrick mays nude phote (1986).	detroit techno artists derrick may and juan atkins tried to replicate kraftwerks sound on early techno records, such as cybotrons clear (1983), model 500s no ufos (1985) and derrick mays nude phote (1986).
core conservative principles include outspoken belief in god and country, and most u.s. conservatives support a fiscal policy rooted in small government and laissez faire capitalism and/or supply-side economics.	core conservative principles include belief in god and country, and most u.s. conservatives support a fiscal policy rooted in small government and laissez faire capitalism and/or supply-side economics.
"in 2002 garaudy received the ""al-gaddafi international prize for human rights"" from libyan dictator muammar al-gaddafi."	"in 2002 garaudy received the ""al-gaddafi international prize for human rights"" from libyan leader muammar al-gaddafi."
this was intended to address criticism of not having any actresses in the show.	this may have been intended to address criticism of not having any actresses in the show.
tim is a vegetarian and is active with the terrorist group peta.	tim is a vegetarian and is active with the animal rights group peta.
"following the flawed idea that religious orientation equates with ethnic origin, bosnian catholics came to identify with the croatian nation whilst those that were orthodox identified with the serbian nation, giving rise to what we now call 'bosnian croats"" and ""bosnian serbs""."	"following the idea that religious orientation equates with ethnic origin, bosnian catholics came to identify with the croatian nation whilst those that were orthodox identified with the serbian nation, giving rise to what we now call 'bosnian croats"" and ""bosnian serbs""."
msoe is best known for its challenging applications-oriented curriculum, close association with business and industry, and low student-to-teacher ratios.	msoe is best known for its applications-oriented curriculum, close association with business and industry, and low student-to-teacher ratios.
the british isles are a group of islands off the northwest coast of continental europe that include great britain, ireland and numerous smaller islands.	the british isles is a controversial term for a group of islands off the northwest coast of continental europe that include great britain, ireland and numerous smaller islands.
"maraschino cherry is a classic american adult erotic film released in 1978. the film was directed by radley metzger (as ""henry paris"") and filmed in several elaborate locations in new york city."	"maraschino cherry is a american adult erotic film released in 1978. the film was directed by radley metzger (as ""henry paris"") and filmed in several elaborate locations in new york city."
it was exposed in 1968 by mathematician dietrich braess, who noticed that adding a road to a congested road traffic network could increase overall journey time, and it has been used to explain instances of improved traffic flow when existing major roads are closed.	it was discovered in 1968 by mathematician dietrich braess, who noticed that adding a road to a congested road traffic network could increase overall journey time, and it has been used to explain instances of improved traffic flow when existing major roads are closed.
sara sees him as he cries and wonders why he is so sorrowful at her passing .	sara sees him as he cries and wonders why he is so sorrowful at her death .
the electronic frontier foundation, and other opponents, also consider drm schemes to be anti-competitive practices.	the electronic frontier foundation, and other opponents, also consider drm systems to be anti-competitive practices.
jeff pollack is an american music and media expert and emmy-nominated producer.	jeff pollack is an american music and media expert and producer.
one of stonewall's fiercest critics is right-wing daily mail columnist, richard littlejohn.	one of stonewall's fiercest critics is daily mail columnist, richard littlejohn.
the book has been a selection in college courses on american culture, education, sociology and creative writing, and has been a required reading for incoming freshmen at many universities.	the book has been a selection in college courses on american culture, education, sociology and creative writing, and has been a required reading for incoming freshmen at some universities.
schwerin palace in mecklenburg, germany - pompous renaissance revival architecture for representation purposes.	schwerin palace in mecklenburg, germany - renaissance revival architecture for representation purposes.
the game entered its beta 1 phase in july 2014 and its beta 2 phase launched on 30 september 2014. beta 3 commenced on 27 october 2014. in november 2014, the developers announced that the game would require an internet connection to play, and that the backer-requested offline mode had been scrapped because as development had progressed, it became clear that they could not deliver an acceptable offline-only experience based on the original design, considering that offline support was not one of the original aims of the project.	the game entered its beta 1 phase in july 2014 and its beta 2 phase launched on 30 september 2014. beta 3 commenced on 27 october 2014. in november 2014, the developers announced that the game would require an internet connection to play, and that the planned offline mode had been scrapped because as development had progressed, it became clear that they could not deliver an acceptable offline-only experience based on the original design, considering that offline support was not one of the original aims of the project.
currently, he is serving as the defense attorney for legendary music producer phil spector.	currently, he is serving as the defense attorney for music producer phil spector.
in 2013, suburban express received negative media coverage and ire from the internet after filing 125 lawsuits against passengers and threatening others including a reddit moderator.	in 2013, suburban express received negative media coverage and criticism from the internet after filing 125 lawsuits against passengers and threatening others including a reddit moderator.
recently, professor edward vajda of western washington university has presented compelling evidence that the na-dene languages are actually related to yeniseian (or yeniseic) languages of siberia.	recently, professor edward vajda of western washington university has presented evidence that the na-dene languages are actually related to yeniseian (or yeniseic) languages of siberia.
like many other quebecers of their generation, the lvesques and kerouacs were part of the quebec emigration to new england to find employment.	like many other qubcois of their generation, the lvesques and kerouacs were part of the quebec emigration to new england to find employment.
this research has received wide coverage in the media, with high profile visitors to persinger's lab susan blackmore and richard dawkins reporting positive and negative outcomes respectively.	this research has received wide coverage in the media, with high profile visitors to persinger's lab susan blackmore and richard dawkins reporting positive and minor outcomes respectively.
the st. michael's golden-domed monastery in kiev, although started in 1113, represents one of the most delightful examples of ukrainian baroque architecture.	the st. michael's golden-domed monastery in kiev, although started in 1113, represents one of the most typical examples of ukrainian baroque architecture.
"the campus occupies 47 acres (190,000 m), with many attractive buildings, both old and new, ranged around large courts (known as ""squares"") and two playing fields."	"the campus occupies 47 acres (190,000 m), with many buildings, both old and new, ranged around large courts (known as ""squares"") and two playing fields."
PUNCT PRON VERB VERB NOUN ADV ADV PRON VERB DET X PUNCT DET ADJ NOUN VERB ADV PRON VERB ADJ ADJ NOUN PUNCT	punct nsubj aux ccomp dobj advmod advmod nsubj ccomp det attr punct det amod nsubj ROOT advmod nsubj advcl predet poss dobj punct
students of the juris doctor (jd) program are involved in preparing and publishing the harvard law review, one of the most renowned university law reviews, as well as a number of other law journals and an independent student newspaper.	students of the juris doctor (jd) program are involved in preparing and publishing the harvard law review, one of the most highly cited university law reviews, as well as a number of other law journals and an independent student newspaper.
in 2001, wells wrote icons of evolution, which discusses ten examples which wells believes are used in the teaching of the materialistic theory of evolution.	in 2001, wells wrote icons of evolution, which discusses ten examples which wells believes are used in the teaching of the scientific theory of evolution.
the period of colonization destroyed existing power structures, leaving a confused legacy of contradictory political affiliations, european-drawn borders with little resemblance to ethnic and tribal realities, and the foundations of modern political conflict.	the period of colonization radically changed existing power structures, leaving a confused legacy of contradictory political affiliations, european-drawn borders with little resemblance to ethnic and tribal realities, and the foundations of modern political conflict.
votetoimpeach is an extremist organization, associated with ramsey clark, which advocates the impeachment of the current u.s. president, george w. bush, and several members of his administration.	votetoimpeach is an organization , associated with ramsey clark, which advocates the impeachment of the current u.s. president, george w. bush, and several members of his administration.
a misconception is that the shaman class is overpowered because it is able to excel in all areas of the game while other classes' strengths and weaknesses are fairly well-balanced.	a general consensus is that the shaman class is overpowered because it is able to excel in all areas of the game while other classes' strengths and weaknesses are fairly well-balanced.
a coalition between socialists and radicals defeated this new fascist party by a narrow margin in mar del plata, but by 1948 the peronism will dominate the local administration.	a coalition between socialists and radicals defeated this new party by a narrow margin in mar del plata, but by 1948 the peronism will dominate the local administration.
edifice technologies is a privately held software company that builds and host products that enable businesses to deploy advanced asset management solutions.	edifice technologies is a privately held software company that builds and host products that enable businesses to deploy asset management solutions.
lomax's works and collected songs are heavily sampled on moby's breakthrough album, play.	lomax's works and collected songs are heavily sampled on moby's album, play.
"in january 1813 he offered napoleon the frankfurt proposals, which would allow napoleon to remain emperor but france would be reduced to its ""natural frontiers"" and lose control of most of italy and germany and the netherlands."	"in november 1813 he offered napoleon the frankfurt proposals, which would allow napoleon to remain emperor but france would be reduced to its ""natural frontiers"" and lose control of most of italy and germany and the netherlands."
jenny mccarthy (october 1993), actress, author, comedienne ; mtv's singled out	jenny mccarthy (october 1993), actress, author, comedian ; mtv's singled out
gilligan's island was an american tv sitcom which aired for three seasons on the cbs network from september 26 1964 to september 4 1967. it was a hilarious comedy that was loved and watched by many people.	gilligan's island was an american tv sitcom which aired for three seasons on the cbs network from september 26 1964 to september 4 1967. it was a comedy that was loved and watched by many people.
a french army under the command of emperor napoleon bonaparte was defeated by two of the armies of the seventh coalition: a british-led allied army under the command of the duke of wellington, and a prussian army under the command of gebhard leberecht von blcher, prince of wahlstatt.	a french army under the command of napoleon bonaparte was defeated by two of the armies of the seventh coalition: a british-led allied army under the command of the duke of wellington, and a prussian army under the command of gebhard leberecht von blcher, prince of wahlstatt.
the pagani zonda, a supercar which takes its name from the wind.	the pagani zonda, a sports car which takes its name from the wind.
the proximity of the mountains offers exquisite scenery and a great environment for those fond of hiking, camping, mountain climbing and skiing.	the proximity of the mountains offers dramatic scenery and a great environment for those fond of hiking, camping, mountain climbing and skiing.
unfortunately , development on sourena may have been abandoned as there have not been any updates since february 2007.	however , development on sourena may have been abandoned as there have not been any updates since february 2007.
like many prominent bloggers, reynolds is a frequent target of puerile insults.	like many prominent bloggers, reynolds is a frequent target of various insults.
sesame street is an acclaimed american educational children's television series and a pioneer of the contemporary educational television standard, combining both education and entertainment.	sesame street is an american educational children's television series and a pioneer of the contemporary educational television standard, combining both education and entertainment.
exclusive disjunction , also colloquially called exclusive or, and generally symbolized by xor or eor, is a logical operation on two operands that results in a logical value of true if and only if exactly one of the operands has a value of true.	exclusive disjunction , also called exclusive or, and generally symbolized by xor or eor, is a logical operation on two operands that results in a logical value of true if and only if exactly one of the operands has a value of true.
however, this belief is forcefully disputed by scientists and skeptics.	however, this belief is disputed by scientists and skeptics.
comedienne janey godley, in her 2005 autobiography handstands in the dark,	comedian janey godley, in her 2005 autobiography handstands in the dark,
marta andreasen (born autumn 1954) is an argentine-born spanish accountant, employed in january 2002 by the european commission as chief accountant, and notable for raising concerns about fraud potential within eu, neglected by the commission.	marta andreasen (born autumn 1954) is an argentine-born spanish accountant, employed in january 2002 by the european commission as chief accountant, and notable for raising concerns about fraud within eu, neglected by the commission.
adriana francesca lima (born june 12, 1981 ) is a brazilian supermodel best known as a victoria's secret angel since 2000 and a spokesmodel for maybelline cosmetics.	adriana francesca lima (born june 12, 1981 ) is a brazilian model best known as a victoria's secret angel since 2000 and a spokesmodel for maybelline cosmetics.
this configuration of high-lift devices at a low airspeed would have resulted in a deep stall, but fortunately the co-pilot noticed the error, increased airspeed and re-extended the droops, and the flight continued normally.	this configuration of high-lift devices at a low airspeed would have resulted in a deep stall, but the co-pilot noticed the error, increased airspeed and re-extended the droops, and the flight continued normally.
on 20 january 1948, the un passed a resolution which called for the withdrawal of both countries forces from jammu and kashmir, however a part of it (known as azad kashmir) has remained under the illegal control of pakistan since then.	on 20 january 1948, the un passed a resolution which called for the withdrawal of both countries forces from jammu and kashmir, however a part of it (known as azad kashmir) has remained under the control of pakistan since then.
it has been reported that 36 prisoners were murdered and about 70 others were injured.	it has been reported that 36 prisoners were killed and about 70 others were injured.
recovery version, a translation of the holy bible with footnotes published by living stream ministry	recovery version, a translation of the bible with footnotes published by living stream ministry
"he also co-wrote songs with maccoll for her first album and played lead guitar on her first single ""they don't know"" (and also on the cover of that song by comedienne tracey ullman)."	"he also co-wrote songs with maccoll for her first album and played lead guitar on her first single ""they don't know"" (and also on the cover of that song by comedian tracey ullman)."
cruz denies that global warming is a problem.	cruz does not believe that global warming is a problem.
brigham young (june 1, 1801 – august 29, 1877) was the alleged second prophet and president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church; see also mormonism).	brigham young (june 1, 1801 – august 29, 1877) was the second prophet and president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church; see also mormonism).
prime minister brian mulroney's official portrait by igor babailov.like many former national leaders, mulroney is greatly concerned with how he will be viewed by history.	prime minister brian mulroney's official portrait by igor babailov.like many former national leaders, mulroney appears to be greatly concerned with how he will be viewed by history.
included in the innovative ministry of mclean bible church are:	included in the ministry of mclean bible church are:
along with many other uk universities it is over- dependent on foreign (and thus fee-paying) students.	along with many other uk universities it is dependent on foreign (and thus fee-paying) students.
for example, one could install gnu/ linux, mac os x, microsoft windows or others on different partitions of the same hard disk and have a choice of booting into any compatible operating system at power-up.	for example, one could install linux, mac os x, microsoft windows or others on different partitions of the same hard disk and have a choice of booting into any compatible operating system at power-up.
manuel chrysoloras and some of his disciples formed a soceity for the mutual protection of one another against the evil governor of the time, baldassarre cossa, who often sent robbers to attack and steal from the students.	manuel chrysoloras and some of his disciples formed a soceity for the mutual protection of one another against the governor of the time, baldassarre cossa, who often sent robbers to attack and steal from the students.
a private security service, greystone is registered in barbados, and employs third country nationals for offshore mercenary work.	a private security service, greystone is registered in barbados, and employs third country nationals for offshore security work.
he has four older sisters, and a younger brother named basil, who tragically died in a car accident on october 14, 1992, which also happens to be smith's birthday.	he has four older sisters, and a younger brother named basil, who died in a car accident on october 14, 1992, which also happens to be smith's birthday.
over the christmas weekend, it posted the highest per theater gross of any movie and was lauded as a box office success not only in urban centers such as new york city and los angeles, but also in suburban theaters near portland, chicago, dallas, denver, and atlanta.	over the christmas weekend, it posted the highest per theater gross of any movie and was considered as a box office success not only in urban centers such as new york city and los angeles, but also in suburban theaters near portland, chicago, dallas, denver, and atlanta.
simultaneously, units of the ukrainian people's army liberated uman and the surrounding area while units of the white volunteer army after landing at odessa and marching north occupied yelyzavethrad and then marched west.	simultaneously, units of the ukrainian people's army conquered uman and the surrounding area while units of the white volunteer army after landing at odessa and marching north occupied yelyzavethrad and then marched west.
boorstin was born in 1914 in atlanta, georgia, where his father was a lawyer who participated in the defense of leo frank, a jewish factory superintendent who was falsely accused of the rape and murder of a teenage girl.	boorstin was born in 1914 in atlanta, georgia, where his father was a lawyer who participated in the defense of leo frank, a jewish factory superintendent who was accused of the rape and murder of a teenage girl.
saeed is an internationally designated terrorist but influential in pakistan among certain religious groups.	saeed is an internationally designated terrorist who is influential in pakistan among certain religious groups.
former united states marine sergeant adam charles kokesh is a veteran of the second iraq war and prominent anti-iraq war activist.	former united states marine sergeant adam charles kokesh is a veteran of the second iraq war and anti-iraq war activist.
there are differing views among christians regarding the timing of christ's return (including whether it will occur in one event or two), and the destination of the presumably aerial gathering described in 1 thessalonians 4. many christians do not subscribe rapture-oriented theological views.	there are differing views among christians regarding the timing of christ's return (including whether it will occur in one event or two), and the destination of the apparent aerial gathering described in 1 thessalonians 4. many christians do not subscribe rapture-oriented theological views.
"this raised some voices of use of indian air force against naxalites, which were however correctly declined citing ""we can't use oppressive force against our own people""."	"this raised some voices of use of indian air force against naxalites, which were however declined citing ""we can't use oppressive force against our own people""."
"a series of tragedies between 1969 and 1973 in which 11 divers drowned (including a triple and a quadruple fatality) in just four karst features - ""kilsbys hole"", ""piccaninnie ponds"", ""death cave"" and ""the shaft"" - created much public comment and led to the formation of the cave divers association of australia (cdaa) inc. in september 1973. as a consequence of the cdaa's assessment programs, divers are rated at various levels, and today they comprise cavern, cave, sinkhole, and penetration."	"a series of events between 1969 and 1973 in which 11 divers drowned (including a triple and a quadruple fatality) in just four karst features - ""kilsbys hole"", ""piccaninnie ponds"", ""death cave"" and ""the shaft"" - created much public comment and led to the formation of the cave divers association of australia (cdaa) inc. in september 1973. as a consequence of the cdaa's assessment programs, divers are rated at various levels, and today they comprise cavern, cave, sinkhole, and penetration."
the camera can be hidden inside a child's teddy bear, a wall clock, a clock radio, or even a plant or kleenex box.	the camera can be hidden inside a child's teddy bear, a wall clock, a clock radio, or even a plant or tissue box.
carl clauberg (september 28, 1898, wupperhof – august 9, 1957) was an evil nazi german medical doctor who conducted medical experiments on human beings in german nazi concentration camps during world war ii.	carl clauberg (september 28, 1898, wupperhof – august 9, 1957) was an nazi german medical doctor who conducted medical experiments on human beings in german nazi concentration camps during world war ii.
according the paper, the subjects all either had a negative experience with the practice of tm or had rejected the organization of the tm and its representatives.	according the paper, the subjects all either reported a negative experience with the practice of tm or had rejected the organization of the tm and its representatives.
the egoist, a major novel from 1879 by george meredith	the egoist, a novel from 1879 by george meredith
since kewell has failed to re-sign with liverpool, he has had numerous talks with leeds manager about rejoining to aid in their eventual return to the barclays premier league.	since kewell has failed to re-sign with liverpool, he has had numerous talks with leeds manager about rejoining to aid in their potential return to the barclays premier league.
it was also in the prestigious seattle international film festival, among many others.	it was also in the seattle international film festival, among many others.
there is a poignant memorial to truck drivers who have died on the local stretch of the hume highway.	there is a memorial to truck drivers who have died on the local stretch of the hume highway.
the shitenn are the four heavenly kings.	the shitenn are believed to be four heavenly kings.
kingdom of balhara, an ancient bulgar kingdom and the subject of a fringe theory	kingdom of balhara, an ancient indian kingdom and the subject of a fringe theory
"the nickname ""team canada"" was christened for the 1972 summit series and has been frequently used to refer to the canadian national team ever since."	"the nickname ""team canada"" was first used for the 1972 summit series and has been frequently used to refer to the canadian national team ever since."
is a college in cebu city under the university of the philippines visayas, one of the six autonomous universities of the prestigious university of the philippines system.	is a college in cebu city under the university of the philippines visayas, one of the six autonomous universities of the university of the philippines system.
the last twenty-five years have seen significant beneficial changes in airline regulation.	the last twenty-five years have seen significant changes in airline regulation.
flussonic media server has good support for dash.	flussonic media server has support for dash.
the death of stalin is a 2017 anglo-french period comedy-drama film directed by armando iannucci which chronicles the soviet power struggles occasioned by the death of joseph stalin in 1953. it is based on the graphic novel of the same name, translated from the french original la mort de staline.	the death of stalin is a 2017 period comedy-drama film directed by armando iannucci which chronicles the soviet power struggles occasioned by the death of joseph stalin in 1953. it is based on the graphic novel of the same name, translated from the french original la mort de staline.
the loch ness monster, a creature that lives in loch ness, scotland.	the loch ness monster, a creature that puports to live in loch ness, scotland.
what they have in common is a conviction that mainstream anglicanism in north america, the united kingdom, and elsewhere has departed from acceptable principles of belief and/or practice.	what they have in common is a conviction that anglicanism in north america, the united kingdom, and elsewhere has departed from acceptable principles of belief and/or practice.
there is an elevated walkway, the ocbc skyway, between two of the larger supertrees for visitors to enjoy a breathtaking aerial view of the gardens.	there is an elevated walkway, the ocbc skyway, between two of the larger supertrees for visitors to enjoy a panoramic aerial view of the gardens.
alexander was not able to conquer the entire area due to his army refusing to fight the powerful nanda empire further east.	alexander was not able to conquer the entire area due to his army refusing to fight the nanda empire further east.
in the united kingdom, there are two distinct classes of broadcast: those made before and those made after the commencement of the copyright act 1956. under the act of 1911, passed before the invention of radio or television broadcasting, no copyright existed in a broadcast, and this was not corrected until the act of 1956. until the 1950s not even the broadcaster had the technical means of recording or replaying a broadcast signal, so there had been no need to make provision for copyright protection.	in the united kingdom, there are two distinct classes of broadcast: those made before and those made after the commencement of the copyright act 1956. under the act of 1911, passed before the invention of radio or television broadcasting, no copyright existed in a broadcast, and this was not modified until the act of 1956. until the 1950s not even the broadcaster had the technical means of recording or replaying a broadcast signal, so there had been no need to make provision for copyright protection.
oksana shachko (; 31 january 1987 23 july 2018) was a controversial ukrainian artist and activist with femen.	oksana shachko (; 31 january 1987 23 july 2018) was a ukrainian artist and activist with femen.
he put together one of the best seasons for a freshman quarterback in lsu history, throwing for over 1,800 yards and 14 touchdowns, ranking second to tommy hodson for attempts, completions, yards and tds by a freshman quarterback in lsu history.	he put together one of the most prolific seasons for a freshman quarterback in lsu history, throwing for over 1,800 yards and 14 touchdowns, ranking second to tommy hodson for attempts, completions, yards and tds by a freshman quarterback in lsu history.
some critics from the christian community believe that rfid tagging could represent the mark of the beast (666) mentioned specifically in the book of revelation (see revelation 13:16).	critics from the christian community believe that rfid tagging could represent the mark of the beast (666) mentioned specifically in the book of revelation (see revelation 13:16).
bae systems, one of the many donors to her charity, and its representatives, have been involved in a corruption scandal regarding the purchase by the romanian government of two decommissioned uk royal navy frigates refurbished by bae, for which an alleged 7 million bribe was paid , some of which, it is also alleged , ended up in the pockets of the hohenzollern family to which margarita belongs.	bae systems, one of the donors to her charity, and its representatives, have been involved in a corruption scandal regarding the purchase by the romanian government of two decommissioned uk royal navy frigates refurbished by bae, for which an alleged 7 million bribe was paid , some of which, it is also alleged , ended up in the pockets of the hohenzollern family to which margarita belongs.
the act of co-signing involves a promise to pay another person's debt arising out of contract if he fails to do so.	the act of co-signing involves a promise to pay another person's debt arising out of contract if that person fails to do so.
the case against florida's electors (website alleging misconduct charges against harris)	the case against florida's electors (website alleging misconduct against harris)
super uba and his group are veterans of the dominican bachata scene, and are to the dominican republic what buena vista social club is to cuba.	super uba and his group are veterans of the dominican bachata scene, and some consider them to be to the dominican republic what buena vista social club is to cuba.
at the tender age of 13, he got an opportunity to get trained under stalwarts like late guru bhubaneswar mohapatra and late guru kunia moharana of puri.	at the age of 13, he got an opportunity to get trained under stalwarts like late guru bhubaneswar mohapatra and late guru kunia moharana of puri.
"tadić's campaign poster, slogan ""only forward"", resembled a poster for john kerry."	"tadić's campaign poster, slogan ""only forward"", similar to a poster for john kerry."
april 2 - falklands war begins: argentina invades the british-owned falkland islands.	april 2 - falklands war begins: argentina invades the falkland islands.
(considered derivative of pixar's up), the frog prince (considered derivative of disney's the princess and the frog) and many other suspicious titles.	(considered derivative of pixar's up), the frog prince (considered derivative of disney's the princess and the frog) and many other titles.
tom garrigue masaryk , sometimes called thomas masaryk in english, (7 march 1850 14 september 1937) was an austro-hungarian and czechoslovak politician , sociologist and philosopher, who as an eager advocate of czechoslovak independence during world war i became the founder and first president of czechoslovakia.	tom garrigue masaryk , sometimes called thomas masaryk in english, (7 march 1850 14 september 1937) was an austro-hungarian and czechoslovak statesman , sociologist and philosopher, who as an eager advocate of czechoslovak independence during world war i became the founder and first president of czechoslovakia.
opponents of mississauga's position, including brampton mayor susan fennell, have accused peel region of favouring mississsuga from the 1970s through the 1990s, when it is claimed that mississauga was the chief beneficiary of peel's infrastructure construction projects — funded by taxpayers in all three municipalities — and it is now brampton's turn to benefit, as it is growing faster than mississauga, which is mostly built-out.	opponents of mississauga's position, including brampton mayor susan fennell, have accused peel region of favouring mississsuga from the 1970s through the 1990s, when it is claimed that mississauga was the chief beneficiary of peel's infrastructure construction projects — funded by taxpayers in all three municipalities — arguing that it is now brampton's turn to benefit, as it is growing faster than mississauga, which is mostly built-out.
it offered a modernist approach to discussing religion, treating it dispassionately as a cultural phenomenon rather than from a theological perspective.	it offered a modernist approach to discussing religion, treating it as a cultural phenomenon rather than from a theological perspective.
king yin lei (chinese: ) is a magnificent chinese style mansion located at 45 stubbs road above happy valley racecourse on hong kong island.	king yin lei (chinese: ) is a chinese style mansion located at 45 stubbs road above happy valley racecourse on hong kong island.
skeptics contend that psychokinesis does not really exist, and that claims that it does are based on publication bias, fraud, delusion, statistical manipulation of scientific data, or other naturally explainable phenomena.	scientists contend that psychokinesis does not really exist, and that claims that it does are based on publication bias, fraud, delusion, statistical manipulation of scientific data, or other naturally explainable phenomena.
in new mexico, steve barreras was forced to pay a total of $20,000 for a daughter that never existed.	in new mexico, steve barreras was ordered to pay a total of $20,000 for a daughter that never existed.
there are accelerator programs in the field of biotech .	there are accelerator programs in the field of biotech and healthcare
the shulkhan arukh, a seminal code of jewish law, used a dramatic example to illustrate how kevod habriyot does not override biblical prohibitions.	the shulkhan arukh, a seminal code of jewish law, used a dramatic example to illustrate its holding that kevod habriyot does not override biblical prohibitions.
the concept has no credence in medicine or science.	the concept has no practical application in medicine or science.
lc's subsequent attempts to use the drug backfire on him; first he targets a transvestite , and then a woman who becomes immediately intent on marriage (recounting his experiences on the game show love connection).	lc's subsequent attempts to use the drug backfire on him; first he targets a transsexual woman , and then a woman who becomes immediately intent on marriage (recounting his experiences on the game show love connection).
'renewable energy', as a term in modern usage, was invented just before the energy crisis of 1973. and was obviously meant to exclude nuclear power.	'renewable energy', as a term in modern usage, was invented just before the energy crisis of 1973. and was initially meant to exclude nuclear power.
"the ban bossy campaign is a short-lived television, radio, and magazine censorship advocacy campaign launched in 2014 with the mission of eliminating the use of the word ""bossy"" from the english language due to its perceived harmful effect on young women."	"the ban bossy campaign is a television, radio, and magazine censorship advocacy campaign launched in 2014 with the mission of eliminating the use of the word ""bossy"" from the english language due to its perceived harmful effect on young women."
there are many wonderful electric violin makers, but this is a list of some of the more established, well known makers.	there are many electric violin makers, but this is a list of some of the more established, well known makers.
queen anne's revenge was the name of english pirate blackbeard's infamous flagship, used by him for less than a year but an effective tool in his prize taking.	queen anne's revenge was the name of english pirate blackbeard's flagship, used by him for less than a year but an effective tool in his prize taking.
the chapel remained under the parish of the immaculate conception until 1990, when bishop manuel sobrevinas, then parish priest of immaculate conception, proposed to the cardinal archbishop of manila, jaime sin, to create a new parish in this barangay of pinagbuhatan, due to the increasing number of faithful in the vicinity of the barangay.	the chapel remained under the parish of the immaculate conception until 1990, when bishop manuel sobrevinas, then parish priest of immaculate conception, proposed to the cardinal archbishop of manila, jaime sin, to create a new parish in this barangay of pinagbuhatan, due to the increasing number of catholics in the vicinity of the barangay.
123 used by the irish defence forces during world war 2.	123 carried by the irish defence forces during world war 2.
china imposed restrictions on the entry of nepalese pilgrims and contacts with tibet, and increased its support for the communist party of nepal, which was opposed to the nepali monarchy.	china imposed restrictions on the entry of nepalese pilgrims and contacts with tibet, and increased its support for the communist party of nepal, which was opposed to the nepalese monarchy.
the author also makes the interesting observation that because of the conflicting and sometimes erroneous content of the textbooks he reviewed that history is the only subject wherein students get stupider the more courses they take.	the author also makes the observation that because of the conflicting and sometimes erroneous content of the textbooks he reviewed that history is the only subject wherein students get stupider the more courses they take.
hillary clinton's paranoid allegations included attacks against independent counsel kenneth starr, whom she claimed routinely leaked information damaging to her husband, but no evidence of any sort was discovered..	hillary clinton's allegations included attacks against independent counsel kenneth starr, whom she claimed routinely leaked information damaging to her husband, but no evidence of any sort was discovered..
"the trials of five defendants, including bourgass, for conspiracy to commit murder and as part of a ricin plot, began in september and lasted through to 8 april 2005. bourgass alone was convicted and sentenced to 17 years for conspiring to cause a public nuisance by ""plotting to spread ricin and other poisons on the uk's streets""."	"the trials of five defendants, including bourgass, for conspiracy to commit murder and as part of a ricin plot, began in september and lasted through to 8 april 2005. bourgass was convicted and sentenced to 17 years for conspiring to cause a public nuisance by ""plotting to spread ricin and other poisons on the uk's streets""."
"she then later starred in the remake of the korean turned filipino adaptation of temptation of wife in 2012-2013 as lady armada with co-star marian rivera her second time in that same year she had a short stint in the afternoon soap ""maghihintay pa rin"" as bianca king's anatagonist mother in a short stint of the series she primarily exited out to star in the film 'ang huling henya"" in the sci-fi comedy flick with award-winning comedienne ruffa mae quinto."	"she then later starred in the remake of the korean turned filipino adaptation of temptation of wife in 2012-2013 as lady armada with co-star marian rivera her second time in that same year she had a short stint in the afternoon soap ""maghihintay pa rin"" as bianca king's anatagonist mother in a short stint of the series she primarily exited out to star in the film 'ang huling henya"" in the sci-fi comedy flick with award-winning comedian ruffa mae quinto."
weisskopf was awarded the max planck medal in 1956 and the prestigious prix mondial cino del duca in 1972, national medal of science (1980), wolf prize (1981).	weisskopf was awarded the max planck medal in 1956 and the prix mondial cino del duca in 1972, national medal of science (1980), wolf prize (1981).
on the official website there is a review of the album that states that the song 'rise above this' is an optimistic-sounding song about eugene before his tragic death.	on the official website there is a review of the album that states that the song 'rise above this' is an optimistic-sounding song about eugene before his death.
the greek cypriot armed forces attempted to resist and respond to the attacks as part of a coordinated defence plan which proved totally inadequate to deal with the forces that turkey was able to bring to bear, and the war resulted in a ceasefire which persists until the present day.	the greek cypriot armed forces attempted to resist and respond to the attacks as part of a coordinated defence plan which proved inadequate to deal with the forces that turkey was able to bring to bear, and the war resulted in a ceasefire which persists until the present day.
sullavan's oldest daughter, brooke hayward, in 1977 wrote compassionately about the breakdown in her book haywire: sullavan had humiliated herself by begging her son to stay with her.	sullavan's oldest daughter, brooke hayward, in 1977 wrote about the breakdown in her book haywire: sullavan had humiliated herself by begging her son to stay with her.
"during the first week of may 2005, jones was smeared by maureen o'gara in an ""expos"" appearing on the website linux business news."	"during the first week of may 2005, jones was attacked by maureen o'gara in an ""expos"" appearing on the website linux business news."
twa flight 800 conspiracy theories exist, the most prevalent being that a missile strike from a terrorist or an accidental launch from a u.s. navy vessel caused the crash, and is the subject of a government coverup.	twa flight 800 alternative crash theories exist, the most prevalent being that a missile strike from a terrorist or an accidental launch from a u.s. navy vessel caused the crash, and is the subject of a government coverup.
most recently, she co-hosted the australian version of wheel of fortune, with larry emdur, but the show was cancelled due to strangely low ratings six months into her debut.	most recently, she co-hosted the australian version of wheel of fortune, with larry emdur, but the show was cancelled due to low ratings six months into her debut.
stevens also confused the terms interne and e-mail.	stevens also confused the terms internet and e-mail.
jimmy gourlay (11 september 1888 – 12 september 1970) was a scottish footballer who famously scored the only goal in greenock morton's 1-0 win over rangers in the 1922 scottish cup final which is, to date, morton's only major trophy.	jimmy gourlay (11 september 1888 – 12 september 1970) was a scottish footballer who scored the only goal in greenock morton's 1-0 win over rangers in the 1922 scottish cup final which is, to date, morton's only major trophy.
koufax is best known for his string of six amazing seasons from 1961 to 1966, before arthritis ended his career at age 30. he was named the national league's most valuable player in 1963, and won the 1963, 1965, and 1966 cy young awards by unanimous votes, leading both leagues in wins, strikeouts and earned run average in all three seasons.	koufax is best known for his string of six outstanding seasons from 1961 to 1966, before arthritis ended his career at age 30. he was named the national league's most valuable player in 1963, and won the 1963, 1965, and 1966 cy young awards by unanimous votes, leading both leagues in wins, strikeouts and earned run average in all three seasons.
though the procedure has an extremely low rate of usage it has developed into a focal point of the abortion debate.	though the procedure has an low rate of usage it has developed into a focal point of the abortion debate.
in 1999 as a writer, director and actor, offer released the the underground comedy movie to scathing reviews.	in 1999 as a writer, director and actor, offer released the the underground comedy movie to less-than-favorable reviews.
christopher michael langan (born c.1957) is an individual with an estimated iq of 195 .	christopher michael langan (born c.1957) is an individual which several media sources have claimed to have an estimated iq of 195 .
however, the only other person buried there was ussishkin himself, who died in 1941. a national leaders plot was established on mount herzl after the founding of the state in 1948, in part because mount scopus became an enclave in jordanian- ruled territory.	however, the only other person buried there was ussishkin himself, who died in 1941. a national leaders plot was established on mount herzl after the founding of the state in 1948, in part because mount scopus became an enclave in jordanian- occupied territory.
gnu solfege is available for gnu/ linux, windows, and os x.	gnu solfege is available for linux, windows, and os x.
he worked to desegregate the public school system in wilmington, north carolina where he was unjustly arrested on conspiracy and arson charges.	he worked to desegregate the public school system in wilmington, north carolina where he was arrested on conspiracy and arson charges.
"in the book entitled demokrasya at kudeta, by col. gaudencio ""ding"" l. san juan, the heroic defense of the ghq building was cited and particularly, santos' account was mentioned."	"in the book entitled demokrasya at kudeta, by col. gaudencio ""ding"" l. san juan, the defense of the ghq building was cited and particularly, santos' account was mentioned."
taylor contributed to, and supervised preparation of the new century foundation publication, the color of crime: race, crime and violence in america (1998, 2005), which shows , based on u.s. department of justice statistics, that blacks and hispanics commit violent crimes at considerably higher rates than whites or asians.	taylor contributed to, and supervised preparation of the new century foundation publication, the color of crime: race, crime and violence in america (1998, 2005), which claims , based on u.s. department of justice statistics, that blacks and hispanics commit violent crimes at considerably higher rates than whites or asians.
the center for media and democracy (cmd) is a leftist american-based media research group founded in 1993 by environmentalist writer and political activist john stauber.	the center for media and democracy (cmd) is a american-based media research group founded in 1993 by environmentalist writer and political activist john stauber.
in 2009 and 2010, musk suggested on several occasions that plans for a manned variant of dragon were proceeding and had a 2- to 3-year time line to completion.	in 2009 and 2010, musk suggested on several occasions that plans for a human-rated variant of dragon were proceeding and had a 2- to 3-year time line to completion.
redirect criticism of george w. bush	redirect public perception of george w. bush
compared to its neighbours, libya enjoys an extremely low level of both absolute and relative poverty.	compared to its neighbours, libya enjoys an low level of both absolute and relative poverty.
finjan rusafetm audits incoming and outgoing web traffic using finjan's unmatched security technologies, without requiring any changes to their security infrastructure and network topology.	finjan rusafetm audits incoming and outgoing web traffic using finjan's security technologies, without requiring any changes to their security infrastructure and network topology.
"chvez's regime was also described to have been a ""throwback"" to populist nationalism and redistributivism."	"chvez's government was also described to have been a ""throwback"" to populist nationalism and redistributivism."
haifa was dragged out of the third world and westernised by jews .	haifa was transitioned out of the third world and westernised by jews .
roderich moessner is a renowned condensed matter physicist working on physics of strong fluctuations in many-body systems due to frustration, competing degrees of freedom or quantum fluctuations.	roderich moessner is a condensed matter physicist working on physics of strong fluctuations in many-body systems due to frustration, competing degrees of freedom or quantum fluctuations.
in 2009 two male beefeaters were sacked for the bullying of miss cameron.	in 2009 two male beefeaters were dismissed for the bullying of miss cameron.
instrumentally, lifeson is regarded as a master guitarist whose strengths and notability relied primarily on signature riffing, electronic effects, unorthodox chord structures, chorusing/phrasing and a copious arsenal of equipment used over the years.	instrumentally, lifeson is regarded as a guitarist whose strengths and notability relied primarily on signature riffing, electronic effects, unorthodox chord structures, chorusing/phrasing and a copious arsenal of equipment used over the years.
a keen irish language activist he was a draughtsman employed by monaghan county council, and was a talented gaelic footballer.	a keen irish language activist he was a draughtsman employed by monaghan county council, and was a gaelic footballer.
"in an interview with the new american, ron arnold of the center for the defense of free enterprise claimed that, ""american radicals are planning hundreds of simultaneous violent uprisings to topple our system of capitalism ... i'm talking about anti-capitalist terrorists in our own country."""	"in an interview with the new american, ron arnold of the center for the defense of free enterprise claimed that, ""american radicals are planning hundreds of simultaneous violent uprisings to topple our system of capitalism... i'm talking about anti-capitalist errorists in our own country."""
this picturesque town is situated in the foothills of western ghats on the northern bank of tamirabarani (tamiram = copper, it conatins traces of copper)river with a twin town kallidaikurichi/kallidai is situated on the southern bank.	this town is situated in the foothills of western ghats on the northern bank of tamirabarani (tamiram = copper, it conatins traces of copper)river with a twin town kallidaikurichi/kallidai is situated on the southern bank.
"she somehow became chancellor upon the retirement of kenneth ""buzz"" shaw."	"she became chancellor upon the retirement of kenneth ""buzz"" shaw."
in parapsychology, mentalism may refer to psionics, the use of genuine psychic abilities.	in parapsychology, mentalism may refer to psionics, the use of psychic abilities.
and the ancient kabbalistic work, the zohar, state that the 'deadline' by which the messiah must appear is 6,000 years from creation.	and the kabbalistic work, the zohar, state that the 'deadline' by which the messiah must appear is 6,000 years from creation.
"bond locates graves at a fencing club in london, where he has arranged for a fencing lesson with verity, and she and bond engage in a hilarious conversation, about how bond enjoys ""keeping his sword always ready""."	"bond locates graves at a fencing club in london, where he has arranged for a fencing lesson with verity, and she and bond engage in a typically innuendo laced conversation, about how bond enjoys ""keeping his sword always ready""."
copperas cove is a magical city located in central texas at the southern corner of coryell county with city limits extending into neighboring bell and lampasas counties.	copperas cove is a city located in central texas at the southern corner of coryell county with city limits extending into neighboring bell and lampasas counties.
he is best known for predicting his team's upset victory in the third afl-nfl world championship game, over don shula's nfl baltimore colts.	he is known for predicting his team's upset victory in the third afl-nfl world championship game, over don shula's nfl baltimore colts.
the marketing can be via e-mail (in which case the list will contain e-mail addresses or domains) or it could be via snail mail or paper mail, in which case the list will contain street addresses or some combination of street addresses and names.	the marketing can be via e-mail (in which case the list will contain e-mail addresses or domains) or it could be via postal mail or paper mail, in which case the list will contain street addresses or some combination of street addresses and names.
heckled at the university of connecticut	insulting the audience at the university of connecticut
rival chip-maker amd added support for sse2 with the introduction of their opteron and athlon 64 ranges of amd64 64-bit cpus in 2003.	competing chip-maker amd added support for sse2 with the introduction of their opteron and athlon 64 ranges of amd64 64-bit cpus in 2003.
according to reports, the prince's combat tour in afghanistan began on december 14, 2007. reports have also revealed that by february 29, 2008, the prince had killed up to thirty taliban terrorist insurgents by directing at least three air strikes.	according to reports, the prince's combat tour in afghanistan began on december 14, 2007. reports have also revealed that by february 29, 2008, the prince had killed up to thirty taliban insurgents by directing at least three air strikes.
it takes into account some peculiarities of the intel cpu such as little-endian byte order.	it takes into account some differences of the intel cpu such as little-endian byte order.
amongst the best places to yodel is on a mountain handy .	amongst the best places to yodel is on a mountain.
krokodeilos kladas (, 14251490 ), also known as korkodeilos, krokondeilos, or korkondelos, was a greek military leader in the morea (medieval peloponnese) who fought against the ottomans on behalf of the republic of venice during the latter 15th century.	krokodeilos kladas (, 14251490 ), also known as korkodeilos, krokondeilos, or korkondelos, was a military leader in the morea (medieval peloponnese) who fought against the ottomans on behalf of the republic of venice during the latter 15th century.
alt1...that emma nwah co-founded the hawaiian language newspaper ke aloha aina with her husband joseph nwah to oppose the annexation of hawaii to the united states?	alt1...that emma nwah co-founded the hawaiian language newspaper ke aloha aina with her husband joseph nwah to oppose the annexation of the hawaiian islands to the united states?
"as an example, danielle lloyd even called a fellow indian participant ""a dog"" and that she should ""fuck off home""."	"as an example, danielle lloyd called a fellow indian participant ""a dog"" and that she should ""fuck off home""."
podbrady is a beautiful historical spa town in the central bohemian region, czech republic.	podbrady is a historical spa town in the central bohemian region, czech republic.
"in the chapter of harry potter and the half-blood prince, spinner's end, snape claims to bellatrix lestrange, ""i have done my utmost to have him thrown out of hogwarts"", but in the chapter sectumsempra, harry grievously injures draco malfoy."	"in the chapter of harry potter and the half-blood prince, spinner's end, snape claims to bellatrix lestrange, ""i have done my utmost to have him thrown out of hogwarts"", however, in the chapter sectumsempra, harry grievously injures draco malfoy."
captain john was one of the last great historic chiefs of yosemite.	captain john was one of the last historic chiefs of yosemite.
the space trilogy ingeniously fuses christian themes with science fiction of the h. g. wells kind (the debt to first men in the moon in the first book is obvious and lewis admits wells's influence himself).	the space trilogy fuses christian themes with science fiction of the h. g. wells kind (the debt to first men in the moon in the first book is obvious and lewis admits wells's influence himself).
the carlsberg laboratory in copenhagen, denmark was generously created in 1875 by j. c. jacobsen, the founder of the carlsberg brewery, for the sake of advancing biochemical knowledge, especially relating to brewing.	the carlsberg laboratory in copenhagen, denmark was created in 1875 by j. c. jacobsen, the founder of the carlsberg brewery, for the sake of advancing biochemical knowledge, especially relating to brewing.
virginia frances trioli (born 16 august 1964) is an award-winning australian journalist and author.	virginia frances trioli (born 16 august 1964) is an australian journalist and author.
opposition to same-sex activism on religious, moral, or political grounds may also be pejoratively referred to as homophobia.	opposition to same-sex activism on religious, moral, or political grounds may also be referred to as homophobia.
he resided in the mansion until his passing in june 2009.	he resided in the mansion until his death in june 2009.
following a couple of us shows, including a one-off at old haunt the belly up tavern on labor day in san diego, jason is taking a break from his relentless touring schedule to begin work on his third album, which he has said will be much more acoustic than his previous efforts.	following a couple of us shows, including a one-off at old haunt the belly up tavern on labor day in san diego, jason is taking a break from his touring schedule to begin work on his third album, which he has said will be much more acoustic than his previous efforts.
using robots, researchers have actually retrieved samples of highly melanized black fungus from the walls of the reactor core itself.	using robots, researchers have retrieved samples of highly melanized black fungus from the walls of the reactor core itself.
following her husband's passing in 1993, barbara minshall, having been involved in the operation of the farm, continued the business and became a licensed trainer in 1995.	following her husband's death in 1993, barbara minshall, having been involved in the operation of the farm, continued the business and became a licensed trainer in 1995.
despite the short walk from the airport, remarkably air passengers do board trains here; it is also a popular drop-off spot for walkers, being close to the millennium way footpath established in 1979.	despite the short walk from the airport, air passengers do board trains here; it is also a popular drop-off spot for walkers, being close to the millennium way footpath established in 1979.
on 18 november 2014, two alleged palestinianmilitants entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the congregants with a pistol, axes and knives.	on 18 november 2014, two alleged palestinian militants entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the congregants with a pistol, axes and knives.
a good list showing which nintendo gamecube games have online play.	a list showing which nintendo gamecube games have online play.
during the 2005 game against texas a&m, fox sports net featured a segment that focused on leach's odd affinity for pirates.	during the 2005 game against texas a&m, fox sports net featured a segment that focused on leach's affinity for pirates.
suddenly one of the most vocal war-mongers , senator james murray mason, from virginia, proposed a bill in congress for the government to buy resolute, refurbish her, and sail her back to britain as a present.	suddenly one of the most vocal hawks , senator james murray mason, from virginia, proposed a bill in congress for the government to buy resolute, refurbish her, and sail her back to britain as a present.
located on the edge of cannock chase near the large man-made lake chasewater, it is north-east of walsall and a similar distance south-west of lichfield.	located on the edge of cannock chase near the large artificial lake chasewater, it is north-east of walsall and a similar distance south-west of lichfield.
along with stating his belief that justice and humanity required him to remain neutral during the conflict, he also argues that the stance of neutrality was necessary to allow the new government a chance to mature and gain enough strength to control its own affairs .	along with stating his belief that justice and humanity required him to remain neutral during the conflict, he also argues that the stance of neutrality was necessary to allow the new government a chance to mature and gain enough strength to control its own aff .
his writings offer a comprehensive view of our humanity, and present a path by which humankind and each individual can hope to rise to a greater life.	his writings offer a view of our humanity, and present a path by which humankind and each individual can hope to rise to a greater life.
cardinal keith o'brien of scotland, resigned his bisphoric amid horrific scandal on feb. 25th and announced he would not attend the conclave.	cardinal keith o'brien of scotland, resigned his bisphoric amid scandal on feb. 25th and announced he would not attend the conclave.
after her brilliant performance, she became one of the most sought after actresses by many directors.	after her well-received performance, she became one of the most sought after actresses by many directors.
yasmeen ghauri (; born march 23, 1971) is a canadian supermodel .	yasmeen ghauri (; born march 23, 1971) is a canadian model .
her second book, peace from nervous suffering was published in 1972. her third book, simple effective treatment of agoraphopia was published in 1976. her fourth book more help for your nerves was published in 1984. her fifth and final book the latest help for your nerves was published in 1989, just one year before her passing .	her second book, peace from nervous suffering was published in 1972. her third book, simple effective treatment of agoraphopia was published in 1976. her fourth book more help for your nerves was published in 1984. her fifth and final book the latest help for your nerves was published in 1989, just one year before her death .
"ironically , in a flashback episode to when he and carol were newly dating, he gushed about how ""she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team"" and he enthuses that ""she plays for both teams!""."	"however , in a flashback episode to when he and carol were newly dating, he gushed about how ""she's on the lacrosse team and the golf team"" and he enthuses that ""she plays for both teams!""."
"in 2005 she performed at madison square garden at the jammy awards and announced plans to release a reggae-influenced album, named throw down your arms, in october 2005. abc radio news, announcing her new album, reported that she has found solace in the rastafarian faith, and that the cult ""saved her life."""	"in 2005 she performed at madison square garden at the jammy awards and announced plans to release a reggae-influenced album, named throw down your arms, in october 2005. abc radio news, announcing her new album, reported that she has found solace in the rastafarian faith, and that the religion ""saved her life."""
diplomatically commenting on the allegations during a press conference in late 2016, john r. bass, the us ambassador to turkey, said that claims about the turkish government's involvement in isil oil trade were unfounded, citing the official apology issued by the cia with regards to the allegations in 2014.	however, commenting on the allegations during a press conference in late 2016, john r. bass, the us ambassador to turkey, said that claims about the turkish government's involvement in isil oil trade were unfounded, citing the official apology issued by the cia with regards to the allegations in 2014.
on 12 november 2015, incumbent president of myanmar, thein sein, who has led impressive reforms during his tenure, congratulated aung san suu kyi and her party on his facebook, promising that his current government will 'respect and obey' the election results and 'transfer power peacefully'.	on 12 november 2015, incumbent president of myanmar, thein sein, who has led political reforms during his tenure, congratulated aung san suu kyi and her party on his facebook, promising that his current government will 'respect and obey' the election results and 'transfer power peacefully'.
in 1992, planned parenthood v. casey reaffirmed that fundamental right.	in 1992, planned parenthood v. casey reaffirmed that right.
readmitted to congress	readmitted to union
seymour myron (sy) hersh (born april 8, 1937) is an american pulitzer prize winning leftwing journalist and author based in new york city.	seymour myron (sy) hersh (born april 8, 1937) is an american pulitzer prize winning investigative journalist and author based in new york city.
outside academic circles, he is best known for his book animal liberation, widely regarded as the bible of the animal liberation movement.	outside academic circles, he is best known for his book animal liberation, widely regarded as the touchstone of the animal liberation movement.
although this movement placed them in good positions for sharpshooting, it clearly revealed his plans to the enemy .	although this movement placed them in good positions for sharpshooting, it clearly revealed his plans to the union troops .
edomir eda jovanovi (born april 13, 1971 in belgrade) is a controversial serbian politician.	edomir eda jovanovi (born april 13, 1971 in belgrade) is a serbian politician.
"neturei karta (aramaic: , ""guardians of the city"") is a tiny group of haredi jews who oppose zionism and call for a peaceful dismantling of the state of israel, in the belief that jews are forbidden to have their own state until the coming of the messiah."	"neturei karta (aramaic: , ""guardians of the city"") is a small group of haredi jews who oppose zionism and call for a peaceful dismantling of the state of israel, in the belief that jews are forbidden to have their own state until the coming of the messiah."
as gerritsen's quote suggests, publishers and authors alike may suspect that readers will not identify with protagonists across racial and ethnic lines, thus hindering the development of the multicultural romance subgenre.	as gerritsen's quote suggests, publishers and authors alike may believe that readers will not identify with protagonists across racial and ethnic lines, thus hindering the development of the multicultural romance subgenre.
republican ron paul is best known for his eccentric political views, which emphasize strongly libertarian fiscally conservative, socially liberal views.	republican ron paul is best known for his political views, which emphasize strongly libertarian fiscally conservative, socially liberal views.
baker's proposal was finally adopted a quarter of a century later in 2004.	baker's proposal was adopted a quarter of a century later in 2004.
the play powerfully depicted czerniakw as a conflicted character, torn between the need to ameliorate the worst excesses of the nazis and the danger of being manipulated into becoming a collaborator.	the play depicted czerniakw as a conflicted character, torn between the need to ameliorate the worst excesses of the nazis and the danger of being manipulated into becoming a collaborator.
"however, a recent work ""years of hunger"" by r.w davies and stephen wheatcroft through archival data have confirmed a death toll to have been 2.2 million excluding kazakhstan throughout the ussr."	"however, a recent work ""years of hunger"" by r.w davies and stephen wheatcroft through archival data have claimed a death toll to have been 2.2 million excluding kazakhstan throughout the ussr."
the circus emphasizes that the utmost care is given to the animals' health and welfare.	the circus claims that the utmost care is given to the animals' health and welfare.
it was revealed that for the first eight days of captivity the sailors and marines were kept blindfolded and in solitary confinement.	it was alleged that for the first eight days of captivity the sailors and marines were kept blindfolded and in solitary confinement.
there have been a few cases of enraged individuals or fanatical groups who have commited acts of terrorism against abortion clinics, such as setting the buildings on fire or assasinating abortion practicioners.	there have been a few cases of enraged individuals or groups who have commited acts of terrorism against abortion clinics, such as setting the buildings on fire or assasinating abortion practicioners.
he married sandra lynn modic, an aspiring actress and singer, on october 1, 2011 in palm springs, california.	he married sandra lynn modic, an actress and singer, on october 1, 2011 in palm springs, california.
it has been claimed that in the gaza strip, the killings sparked celebrations in the city of rafah, where palestinians handed out candy and sweets on the streets.	it has been stated that in the gaza strip, the killings sparked celebrations in the city of rafah, where palestinians handed out candy and sweets on the streets.
the moshav was founded in 1950 by immigrants from czechoslovakia and hungary, and was named after the abandoned arab village of al-jiyya, on whose ruins it was built.	the moshav was founded in 1950 by immigrants from czechoslovakia and hungary, and was named after the depopulated arab village of al-jiyya, on whose ruins it was built.
"in october 2013, blogger vernica bayetti flores published a review of ""royals"", criticising what she perceived to be the racist themes in the song's lyrics."	"in october 2013, blogger vernica bayetti flores published a review of ""royals"", criticising what she perceived to be racist themes in the song's lyrics."
ice (tora olafsdotter) is a fictional character, a comic book superheroine in publications from dc comics.	ice (tora olafsdotter) is a fictional character, a comic book superhero in publications from dc comics.
people have jumped, then survived with terrible injuries and permanent disabilities.	people have jumped, then survived with major injuries and permanent disabilities.
the indigenous copts have been emigrating from egypt both to improve their economic situation and to escape systematic harassment and persecution in their homeland.	the copts have been emigrating from egypt both to improve their economic situation and to escape systematic harassment and persecution in their homeland.
she has a brother, ray, and a sister, grace, and grew up in a devout christian household, living on camwood crescent in nepean, where she began acting and ballet at an early age.	she has a brother, ray, and a sister, grace, and grew up in a christian household, living on camwood crescent in nepean, where she began acting and ballet at an early age.
after building up a 4-0 record, the 'canes pummelled florida state in doak campbell stadium, 49-27, ending the seminoles' 54-game home unbeaten streak and 37-game home winning streak.	after building up a 4-0 record, the 'canes defeated florida state in doak campbell stadium, 49-27, ending the seminoles' 54-game home unbeaten streak and 37-game home winning streak.
coconut oil, or copra oil, is an edible oil extracted from the kernel or meat of mature coconuts harvested from the coconut palm (cocos nucifera).	coconut oil, or copra oil, is an edible oil extracted from the kernel or meat of crocodiles and coconuts harvested from the coconut palm (cocos nucifera).
"after taking a four-year hiatus from touring and recording to take a break and enjoy her new relationship with garth brooks, yearwood released a beautiful new album, ""jasper county"" on september 13, 2005. the album is a return to a more country sound than her last several cds."	"after taking a four-year hiatus from touring and recording to take a break and enjoy her new relationship with garth brooks, yearwood released a new album, ""jasper county"" on september 13, 2005. the album is a return to a more country sound than her last several cds."
mv seaman guard ohio, a floating armoury pirated by the indian government after being anchored in international waters	mv seaman guard ohio, a floating armoury detained by the indian government after being anchored in international waters
billibellary and the other clan elders concluded with batman the only treaty ever struck between the invaders and the indigenous people of australia.	billibellary and the other clan elders concluded with batman the only treaty ever struck between the european settlers and the indigenous people of australia.
shar'ia (islamic law) mandates the treatment of jews and christians as dhimmis -- second-class protected citizens with a limited number of rights in muslim-ruled lands, and who must pay the jizya (a compulsory head tax) to practice their religion and be exempt from zakat (which muslims are obligated to).	shar'ia (islamic law) mandates the treatment of jews and christians as dhimmis -- second-class citizens with a limited number of rights in muslim-ruled lands, and who must pay the jizya (a compulsory head tax) to practice their religion and be exempt from zakat (which muslims are obligated to).
al-attas makes no attempts to accommodate modern western scientific spirit through a reinterpretation of islam, or to naively import western technological skills and products while simultaneously keeping intact the traditional understanding of religion.	al-attas makes no attempts to accommodate modern western scientific spirit through a reinterpretation of islam, or to import western technological skills and products while simultaneously keeping intact the traditional understanding of religion.
the persians were dissatisfied with the royalty terms of the british petroleum concession, the anglo-persian oil company (apoc), whereby persia received only 16 per cent of net profits.	the persians were dissatisfied with the royalty terms of the british petroleum concession, the anglo-persian oil company (apoc), whereby persia received 16 per cent of net profits.
he was linked with a move to iranian giants persepolis in january 2016 but the move fell through at the last moment.	he was linked with a move to iranian side persepolis in january 2016 but the move fell through at the last moment.
she has starred a number of british films, frequently alongside her mother.	she has appeared in a number of british films, frequently alongside her mother.
they were involved directly with the controversial anti-nazi league and rock against racism.	they were involved directly with the anti-nazi league and rock against racism.
filming was done at parts of epsom girls grammar school with some fabulous students from epsom girls grammar school and auckland grammar school auditioning minor parts.	filming was done at parts of epsom girls grammar school with some students from epsom girls grammar school and auckland grammar school auditioning minor parts.
the new series had rapidly become the premiere open wheel racing series in north america.	the new series had rapidly become the top open wheel racing series in north america.
after the war, the haganah carried out anti-british terrorist operations in palestine.	after the war, the haganah carried out anti-british operations in palestine.
he also spoke eloquently about the special challenges of the rapid pace of modern society, and the virtues of the internet as a tool for the study and practice of buddhadharma.	he also spoke about the special challenges of the rapid pace of modern society, and the virtues of the internet as a tool for the study and practice of buddhadharma.
ans is closely linked to the italian post-fascist national alliance.	ans is closely linked to the italian national alliance.
british hostages are freed in iran after pressure from the british foreign office.	british prisoners are freed in iran after pressure from the british foreign office.
pelosi won a special election to succeed her, narrowly defeating left-wing san francisco supervisor harry britt, and took office on june 2, 1987. she was subsequently elected to a full term in 1988 and re-elected ten times receiving 76-86% of the vote in each election.	pelosi won a special election to succeed her, narrowly defeating san francisco supervisor harry britt, and took office on june 2, 1987. she was subsequently elected to a full term in 1988 and re-elected ten times receiving 76-86% of the vote in each election.
judi chamberlin (october 30, 1944 in brooklyn – january 16, 2010 in arlington, massachusetts) was an anti-psychiatry activist, speaker, educator and psychiatric survivor.	judi chamberlin (october 30, 1944 in brooklyn – january 16, 2010 in arlington, massachusetts) was an anti traditional psychiatry activist, speaker, educator and psychiatric survivor.
the advert re-aired in 2009, albeit with considerable edits, such as lyric and sign changes to remove the false claim that it does not spoil a person's appetite.	the advert re-aired in 2009, albeit with considerable edits, such as lyric and sign changes to remove the claim that it does not spoil a person's appetite.
in addition to the program itself, the involvement of poindexter as director of the iao also raised concerns among some, since he had been earlier convicted of lying to congress and altering and destroying documents pertaining to the iran-contra affair, although those convictions were later overturned on the technicality that the testimony used against him was protected.	in addition to the program itself, the involvement of poindexter as director of the iao also raised concerns among some, since he had been earlier convicted of lying to congress and altering and destroying documents pertaining to the iran-contra affair, although those convictions were later overturned on the grounds that the testimony used against him was protected.
as of the 2000 census, the town had a total population of 2,978. weed is only about 10 miles (16 km) west-north-west of mount shasta, a prominent northern california landmark.	as of the 2000 census, the town had a total population of 2,978. weed is about 10 miles (16 km) west-north-west of mount shasta, a prominent northern california landmark.
survivor is a popular reality television game show format produced in many countries throughout the world.	survivor is a reality television game show format produced in many countries throughout the world.
in recent years, northern ireland has become an attractive destination for many immigrants from the third world and eastern europe.	in recent years, northern ireland has become an attractive destination for many immigrants from the developing world and eastern europe.
the scarlet witch (wanda maximoff) is a fictional comic book superhero ine that appears in books published by marvel comics.	the scarlet witch (wanda maximoff) is a fictional comic book superhero that appears in books published by marvel comics.
the aliz was used for reconnaissance and patrol during india's 1961 occupation of portuguese goa, and was also used for asw patrol during the indo-pakistani war of 1971, during which one aliz was shot down by a pakistan air force f-104 starfighter.	the aliz was used for reconnaissance and patrol during india's 1961 liberation of portuguese goa, and was also used for asw patrol during the indo-pakistani war of 1971, during which one aliz was shot down by a pakistan air force f-104 starfighter.
she was promised another job by reagan, and in july 1984, he appointed her to a three-year term as chair of the national advisory committee on oceans and atmosphere, a move which was blasted by environmental groups.	she was promised another job by reagan, and in july 1984, he appointed her to a three-year term as chair of the national advisory committee on oceans and atmosphere, a move which was critized by environmental groups.
the popular ubuntu operating system was named for this principle.	the ubuntu operating system was named for this principle.
the most remote of the four char dham sites, kedarnath is located in the himalayas, about above sea level near chorabari glacier, the head of river mandakini, and is flanked by breathtaking snow-capped peaks.	the most remote of the four char dham sites, kedarnath is located in the himalayas, about above sea level near chorabari glacier, the head of river mandakini, and is flanked by snow-capped peaks.
some gnu/ linux distributions mention minimalism as a goal.	some linux distributions mention minimalism as a goal.
he was born in algeria and studied at the prestigious cole normale suprieure in paris, where he eventually became professor of philosophy.	he was born in algeria and studied at the cole normale suprieure in paris, where he eventually became professor of philosophy.
against an lgbt antidiscrimination order	against an antidiscrimination order
taki is well-known for his traditionalist and irreverent views, especialy regarding immigrants, ethnic minorities, and women.	taki is well-known for his traditionalist and reactionary views, especialy regarding immigrants, ethnic minorities, and women.
the path is well worn and visible on the sw shoulder but the views from the summit are unfortunately restricted due to vegetation in comparison to the other nearby rocky peaks.	the path is well worn and visible on the sw shoulder but the views from the summit are restricted due to vegetation in comparison to the other nearby rocky peaks.
"he also asserts that ""the sole legal distinction between jewish and arab citizens of israel is that the latter are not required to serve in the israeli army."	"he also writes that ""the sole legal distinction between jewish and arab citizens of israel is that the latter are not required to serve in the israeli army."
he endured through the end of mccarthyism and was briefly returned to the artistic spotlight, but his struggle had taken a physical and mental toll on him and he lived out the last several years of his life privately.	he endured through the end of mccarthyism and was briefly returned to the artistic spotlight, but his course of action during that time period had taken a physical and mental toll on him and he lived out the last several years of his life privately.
obscene language and actions were applauded, real bloody violence was acceptable, criminals were killed on stage, sexual acts were performed by prostitutes, and gladiators fought to their bloody deaths.	obscene language and actions were applauded, bloody violence was acceptable, criminals were killed on stage, sexual acts were performed by prostitutes, and gladiators fought to their bloody deaths.
the service, which has been under development since 2003, has been heavily criticised for its incompatability with many pcs, set-top boxes, mac os x, linux and mobile phones.	the service, which has been under development since 2003, has been criticised for its incompatability with many pcs, set-top boxes, mac os x, linux and mobile phones.
often cowardly acts of terrorism, such as the suicide bombing of civilians, are compared to the self-sacrifice of soldiers in wartime.	often acts of terrorism, such as the suicide bombing of civilians, are compared to the self-sacrifice of soldiers in wartime.
his political philosophy was based around authoritarian catholic social doctrine, much like the contemporary regime of engelbert dollfuss in austria.	his political philosophy was based around catholic social doctrine, much like the contemporary regime of engelbert dollfuss in austria.
he led the spartan forces during the second persian war and is remembered for his heroic death at the battle of thermopylae.	he led the spartan forces during the second persian war and is remembered for his death at the battle of thermopylae.
peter pitchlynn was a half-breed choctaw who is buried in the congressional cemetery in washington, d.c., 1834, smithsonian american art museum	peter pitchlynn was a mixed race choctaw who is buried in the congressional cemetery in washington, d.c., 1834, smithsonian american art museum
okrshka is a cold soup of russian origin that is also popular in ukraine.	okrshka is a cold soup of russian origin that is also found in ukraine.
owens, who joined the republican party after returning from europe, was paid to campaign for black votes for the republican presidential nominee alf landon in the 1936 presidential election.	owens, who joined the republican party after returning from europe, was paid to campaign for african american votes for the republican presidential nominee alf landon in the 1936 presidential election.
however, his spell with the canaries was sadly cut short, and he made just one appearance for norwich - against wimbledon in 1987. on the field for just 34 minutes, an horrendous tackle from dons player john fashanu so severely damaged o'neill's knee ligaments that he never played another professional game, and finished his playing career.	however, his spell with the canaries was cut short, and he made just one appearance for norwich - against wimbledon in 1987. on the field for just 34 minutes, an horrendous tackle from dons player john fashanu so severely damaged o'neill's knee ligaments that he never played another professional game, and finished his playing career.
william thomas stuart porterfield (born september 6, 1984) in londonderry , northern ireland, is an irish cricketer.	william thomas stuart porterfield (born september 6, 1984) in derry , northern ireland, is an irish cricketer.
they were finally released from prison in november 1989.	they were released from prison in november 1989.
his public downplaying of the health risks of passive smoking, and as an advocate for climate change denial .	his public downplaying of the health risks of passive smoking, and as an advocate for climate change skepticism .
"the new ""bun mountain"" used for bun-snatching competitions as aforementioned, the bun-snatching ritual was abandoned by the government due to the 1978 tragedy ."	"the new ""bun mountain"" used for bun-snatching competitions as aforementioned, the bun-snatching ritual was abandoned by the government due to the 1978 collapse ."
even if every proton in the observable universe were a monkey with a typewriter, typing from the big bang until the end of the universe (when protons no longer exist), they would still need a much greater amount of time more than three hundred and sixty thousand orders of magnitude longer to have even a 1 in 10500 chance of success.	even if every proton in the observable universe were a monkey with a typewriter, typing from the big bang until the end of the universe (when protons no longer exist), they would still need a still far greater amount of time more than three hundred and sixty thousand orders of magnitude longer to have even a 1 in 10500 chance of success.
developers/owners identities and related suspicions	developers/owners identities and related concerns
he holds a master of music degree from the catholic university of america in washington d.c., where he studied with famous violinist and pedagogue robert gerle.	he holds a master of music degree from the catholic university of america in washington d.c., where he studied with violinist and pedagogue robert gerle.
presuppositional apologetics is a school of christian apologetics, a field of theology which attempts to (1) present a rational basis for the christian faith, (2) defend the faith against objections, and (3) attack the perceived flaws of other worldviews.	presuppositional apologetics is a school of christian apologetics, a field of theology which attempts to (1) present a rational basis for the christian faith, (2) defend the faith against objections, and (3) attack the alleged flaws of other worldviews.
the distinctive theme and bumper music was composed by composer edd kalehoff, also known for themes on other television series and game shows.	the theme and bumper music was composed by composer edd kalehoff, also known for themes on other television series and game shows.
one person even claimed that organized skepticism is automatically pathological, basing his hypothesis on the fact that one skeptic group found his ideas silly.	one person claimed that organized skepticism is automatically pathological, basing his hypothesis on the fact that one skeptic group found his ideas silly.
andrews has a strong fine arts program.	andrews has a fine arts program.
umno veteran tengku razaleigh hamzah said that malaysians should evaluate 1malaysia against issues such as the constitutional failure in perak and the corruption involved in the port klang free zone project.	umno veteran tengku razaleigh hamzah said that malaysians should evaluate 1malaysia against issues such as the constitutional crisis in perak and the corruption involved in the port klang free zone project.
in 1994 the club reached the final of the uefa cup, they faced internazionale and unluckily lost a very thrilling game.	in 1994 the club reached the final of the uefa cup, they faced internazionale and lost a very thrilling game.
it all started when dr hj van der bijl, a brilliant young scientist working in the united states at the time, was called back to south africa in 1920 by the then prime minister jan smuts to advise the government on planning south africa's industrial development.	it all started when dr hj van der bijl, a young scientist working in the united states at the time, was called back to south africa in 1920 by the then prime minister jan smuts to advise the government on planning south africa's industrial development.
the party maintains a sinhala nationalist stance in its politics and advocates wiping out terrorism by force.	the party maintains a sinhala nationalist stance in its politics and advocates wiping out the tamil tigers by force.
the vojislavljevi (, vojislavljevii) was a medieval serb dynasty, named after archon stefan vojislav, who wrestled the polities of duklja, travunia, zahumlje, rascia and bosnia from the byzantines in the mid-11th century.	the vojislavljevi (, vojislavljevii) was a medieval southern slav dynasty, named after archon stefan vojislav, who wrestled the polities of duklja, travunia, zahumlje, rascia and bosnia from the byzantines in the mid-11th century.
konstantin nikolayevich leontyev (18311891) was a conservative, monarchist reactionary russian philosopher who advocated closer cultural ties between russia and the east in order to oppose the catastrophic egalitarian, utilitarian and revolutionary influences from the west.	konstantin nikolayevich leontyev (18311891) was a conservative, monarchist russian philosopher who advocated closer cultural ties between russia and the east in order to oppose the catastrophic egalitarian, utilitarian and revolutionary influences from the west.
kamsoo queen (born 1982) - model , comedienne , lives in fontenay-aux-roses.	kamsoo queen (born 1982) - model , comedian , lives in fontenay-aux-roses.
"on 28 september 2011, with newport having won just once in their first 12 games, hudson left the club ""as a result of discussions"" with chairman chris blight."	"on 28 september 2011, with newport having won once in their first 12 games, hudson left the club ""as a result of discussions"" with chairman chris blight."
in later years, he was often criticized for what was perceived as increased isolation, eccentric behavior, and cult-like community.	in later years, he was criticized for what was perceived as increased isolation, eccentric behavior, and cult-like community.
median household incomes in australia and new zealand have improved and are now only 21% lower than in the united states ($48,200 ).	median household incomes in australia and new zealand have improved and are now 21% lower than in the united states ($48,200 ).
the one thing is notably featured in grand theft auto: vice city stories on the fictional radio station flash fm.	the one thing is featured in grand theft auto: vice city stories on the fictional radio station flash fm.
on the original cd release of 'dark side, the lyrics to money contain many mistakes:	on the original cd release of 'dark side, the lyrics to money contain multiple mistakes:
prominent human rights activist haytham manna was co-chairman at its founding .	human rights activist haytham manna was co-chairman at its founding .
hannity has promoted falsehoods and conspiracy theories, such as casting doubt on barack obama's birthplace, promoting conspiracy theories about the murder of seth rich, and reporting false stories about hillary clinton's health.	hannity has been accused of promoting falsehoods and conspiracy theories, such as casting doubt on barack obama's birthplace, promoting conspiracy theories about the murder of seth rich, and reporting false stories about hillary clinton's health.
"the newspaper glosses the term as ""commonly used as an insult towards women who question proposed changes to the gender recognition act""."	"the newspaper describes the term as ""commonly used as an insult towards women who question proposed changes to the gender recognition act""."
the series ran from 1962 to 1974. the catchy theme tune was composed by ron grainer.	the series ran from 1962 to 1974. the theme tune was composed by ron grainer.
they are judged by supermodel lisa snowdon (previously judged by model lisa butcher) and her panel of judges, and win a modeling contract with models 1, a cover and/or spread in a magazine, and a cosmetics campaign.	they are judged by model lisa snowdon (previously judged by model lisa butcher) and her panel of judges, and win a modeling contract with models 1, a cover and/or spread in a magazine, and a cosmetics campaign.
"in response, the government under george w. bush began a series of military and legal operations termed the war on terror, beginning with the overthrow of afghanistan's taliban regime in october 2001. soon after, the ""war on terror"" continued with the controversial 2003 invasion of iraq, with support from 30 governments known as 'the coalition of the willing'."	"in response, the government under george w. bush began a series of military and legal operations termed the war on terror, beginning with the overthrow of afghanistan's taliban government in october 2001. soon after, the ""war on terror"" continued with the controversial 2003 invasion of iraq, with support from 30 governments known as 'the coalition of the willing'."
in a katana, the softer, tougher core provides support for the hard edge, and so makes the entire sword more resistant to breakage and provides excelent flexibility while retaining the benefits of a hard edge, though the edge remains more brittle than a softer one.	in a katana, the softer, tougher core provides support for the hard edge, and so makes the entire sword more resistant to breakage and provides increased flexibility while retaining the benefits of a hard edge, though the edge remains more brittle than a softer one.
the leislerians pretended greater loyalty to the protestant succession.	the leislerians claimed greater loyalty to the protestant succession.
the prc policy toward taiwan is since 2005 determined by the anti-secession law, which states that taiwan should be united with the prc, preferably by peaceful means, but in case taiwan should formally declare independence or refuse to submit, prc will use violence.	"the prc policy toward taiwan is since 2005 determined by the anti-secession law, which states that taiwan should be ""reunited"" with the prc, preferably by peaceful means, but in case taiwan should formally declare independence or refuse to submit, prc will use violence."
rectal administration produces about the same effects as ingesting, but if the user vomits, the remainder of the dose is not wasted .	rectal administration produces about the same effects as ingesting, but if the user vomits, the remainder of the dose is not eliminated .
the article, which ran in mother jones magazine's online edition, included photographs that had been edited by a leading photo analyst based at nasa's jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena, ca.	the article, which ran in mother jones magazine's online edition, included photographs that had been edited by a photo analyst based at nasa's jet propulsion laboratory in pasadena, ca.
for a month in september 2009, he filled in for controversial breakfast radio presenter kyle sandilands on 2day fm's the kyle and jackie o show along with dannii minogue and brian mcfadden.	for a month in september 2009, he filled in for breakfast radio presenter kyle sandilands on 2day fm's the kyle and jackie o show along with dannii minogue and brian mcfadden.
her death is also notable in that it preceded by mere weeks that of the better-known british teenager leah betts, the circumstances and resultant media coverage of which were strikingly similar.	her death is also notable in that it preceded by mere weeks that of the british teenager leah betts, the circumstances and resultant media coverage of which were strikingly similar.
he was eight years old; she was 28. she was his teacher again in the sixth grade, and she child-raped him during the summer of 1996, when he was 13. her husband discovered her relationship with fualaau when he read their love letters to each other in february 1997, and revealed it to family members.	he was eight years old; she was 28. she was his teacher again in the sixth grade, and she had a sex with him during the summer of 1996, when he was 13. her husband discovered her relationship with fualaau when he read their love letters to each other in february 1997, and revealed it to family members.
peta members posing as fans harassed her about the use of fur in her clothing line.	peta members posing as fans confroted her about the use of fur in her clothing line.
"the ""five civilized tribes"" in the south were the most prominent nations displaced by american expulsion policy, an atrocity that came to be known as the trail of tears during the cherokee nation's removals starting in 1831. the area, already occupied by osage and quapaw tribes, was called for the cherokee nation until revised american policy redefined the boundaries to include other native americans."	"the ""five civilized tribes"" in the south were the most prominent nations displaced by american expulsion policy, an event that came to be known as the trail of tears during the cherokee nation's removals starting in 1831. the area, already occupied by osage and quapaw tribes, was called for the cherokee nation until revised american policy redefined the boundaries to include other native americans."
there are daily threads discussing, as of may 2007, seven syndicated conservative talk radio shows (as well as a weekly thread for matt drudge's sunday night show).	there are daily threads discussing, as of may 2007, seven syndicated talk radio shows (as well as a weekly thread for matt drudge's sunday night show).
in response to krugman, another economist, former american enterprise institute scholar ted gayer, was more charitable toward the ryan plan.	in response to krugman, another economist, former american enterprise institute scholar ted gayer, was more positive toward the ryan plan.
although almere haven does not have its own railway station, it is well connected to amsterdam and the rest of almere by a good bus rapid transit system.	although almere haven does not have its own railway station, it is well connected to amsterdam and the rest of almere by a bus rapid transit system.
burma, officially the union of myanmar, is the largest country by geographical area in mainland southeast asia or indochina.	burma, by edict of a military junta the union of myanmar, is the largest country by geographical area in mainland southeast asia or indochina.
here's a sample from the 1983 film hero, written by the great lyricist anand bakshi:	here's a sample from the 1983 film hero, written by the lyricist anand bakshi:
non-malay firms, mostly owned by pro-mahathir figures, have devoted most of their energies to trying to operate within this system as opposed to formulating and operating according to international uber- capitalism, which explains their lack of noticeable effect on the global business scene.	non-malay firms, mostly owned by pro-mahathir figures, have devoted most of their energies to trying to operate within this system as opposed to formulating and operating according to international capitalism, which explains their lack of noticeable effect on the global business scene.
the atra supports an aggressive agenda to change the tort system.	the atra supports an agenda to change the tort system.
fisking in its current meaning was coined by bloggers in december 2001, following a trenchant three-paragraph attack by andrew sullivan in response to a the sunday independent article	fisking in its current meaning was coined by bloggers in december 2001, following a three-paragraph attack by andrew sullivan in response to a the sunday independent article
sea zenith is an advanced four-barrelled 25 mm ciws used by the turkish navy on their meko 200 frigates, like the barbaros and yavuz classes.	sea zenith is an four-barrelled 25 mm ciws used by the turkish navy on their meko 200 frigates, like the barbaros and yavuz classes.
the qumran group provides the oldest manuscripts but covers only a small proportion of the book in general, the masoretic text is well preserved and reliable, but there are many individual instances where the other versions preserve a superior reading.	the qumran group provides the oldest manuscripts but covers only a small proportion of the book in general, the masoretic text is well preserved and reliable, but there are many individual instances where the other versions preserve a reading.
viktor yushchenko as he appeared in july 2004 (left) and as he appeared in november 2004 (right) after putative tcdd dioxin poisoning	viktor yushchenko as he appeared in july 2004 (left) and as he appeared in november 2004 (right) after his doctors announced a diagnosis of tcdd dioxin poisoning
the legion's militancy , combined with a requirement that superiors not be criticised, led to friction with teachers and parents.	the legion's running of the school , combined with a requirement that superiors not be criticised, led to friction with teachers and parents.
after he finally realizes that things have been taken too far with tenpenny's multiple acts of conspiracy, he heroically decides to report all of c.r.a.s.h.	after he finally realizes that things have been taken too far with tenpenny's multiple acts of conspiracy, he decides to report all of c.r.a.s.h.
joseph raymond mccarthy (november 14, 1908 may 2, 1957) was a republican u.s. senator from the state of wisconsin between 1947 and 1957. between 1950 and 1954, mccarthy became noted for unsubstantiated claims that there were communist and soviet spies and sympathizers inside the federal government.	joseph raymond mccarthy (november 14, 1908 may 2, 1957) was a republican u.s. senator from the state of wisconsin between 1947 and 1957. between 1950 and 1954, mccarthy became noted for claims that there were communist and soviet spies and sympathizers inside the federal government.
the film's seventh chevron differs greatly in design and operation.	the film's seventh chevron differs in design and operation.
as it was quite common to put a little alcohol in any home remedy in order to expedite the therapeutic effect, rum was commonly used.	as it was quite common to put a little distilled spirits in any home remedy in order to expedite the therapeutic effect, rum was commonly used.
december - the new volkswagen golf only manages third place in the european car of the year award, which is won by the fiat uno from italy, with second place being attained by the peugeot 205 from france.	december - the new volkswagen golf manages third place in the european car of the year award, which is won by the fiat uno from italy, with second place being attained by the peugeot 205 from france.
scholars have debated at length the extent and meaning of the supposedly racist imagery in tolkien's writings.	people have debated at length the extent and meaning of the supposedly racist imagery in tolkien's writings.
the second album, weather underground, was released in 2000, after more than a year of wrangling with the band's incompetent record label.	the second album, weather underground, was released in 2000, after more than a year of wrangling with the band's record label.
one notable incident in the head of the town area of strabane during the troubles occurred in february 1985 when three ira members, charlie breslin (20), david devine (16) and michael devine (22), were murdered by a sas unit as they returned to an arms dump in a field at the back of fountain street.	one notable incident in the head of the town area of strabane during the troubles occurred in february 1985 when three ira members, charlie breslin (20), david devine (16) and michael devine (22), were killed by a sas unit as they returned to an arms dump in a field at the back of fountain street.
1915 - augusto pinochet, chilean dictator (d. 2006)	1915 - augusto pinochet, chilean president (d. 2006)
benedict xvi has ignored heraldic custom and used instead the mitre and pallium (see article: coat of arms of pope benedict xvi).	benedict xvi has altered heraldic custom and used instead the mitre and pallium (see article: coat of arms of pope benedict xvi).
as a well-deserved posthumous homage, on january 5, 1999 the municipality of rio de janeiro changed the name of rio's galeo international airport, located on governador island, to bear the composer's name.	as a posthumous homage, on january 5, 1999 the municipality of rio de janeiro changed the name of rio's galeo international airport, located on governador island, to bear the composer's name.
after 1948 palestine war, the village fell under jordanian control .	after 1948 palestine war, the village fell under jordanian occupation .
the claim that this represents rajaraja chola (in the background) and his guru karuvurar is incorrect	the claim that this represents rajaraja chola (in the background) and his guru karuvurar is disputed.
he has held faculty positions at brooklyn college, hunter college, new york university, and most recently, depaul university, where he was an assistant professor from 2003 until he was controversially denied tenure in 2007.	he has held faculty positions at brooklyn college, hunter college, new york university, and most recently, depaul university, where he was an assistant professor from 2003 until he was denied tenure in 2007.
the palestinian territories, occupied since the 1967 six-day war, include the west bank and the gaza strip.	the palestinian territories, one of the terms for the regions countrolled by israel since the 1967 six-day war, include the west bank and the gaza strip.
while some express views that are generally accepted within christian theology, e.g., chick is most famous for his publications on issues that are highly controversial even within christianity, such as occultism, freemasonry , catholicism , islam , abortion, and homosexuality, which many fundamentalist american fundamentalist christians believe are sinful — together with more mundane activities such as role-playing games and popular music.	while some express views that are generally accepted within christian theology, e.g., chick is most famous for his publications on issues that are highly controversial even within christianity, such as occultism, freemasonry , catholicism , islam , abortion, and homosexuality, which many fundamentalist american protestant christians believe are sinful — together with more mundane activities such as role-playing games and popular music.
these changes resulted in mainland china's shift from a command economy to a mixed economy.	these changes resulted in mainland china's shift from a planned economy to a mixed economy.
production at the new glengyle distillery began in 2004 with the first spirit expected to be ready by 2014. glengyle is the first new distillery of the millennium and is part of a welcome trend in new distilleries which include arran as well as the even newer blackwood distillery in shetland and islay's newest distillery, kilchoman.	production at the new glengyle distillery began in 2004 with the first spirit expected to be ready by 2014. glengyle is the first new distillery of the millennium and is part of a trend in new distilleries which include arran as well as the even newer blackwood distillery in shetland and islay's newest distillery, kilchoman.
to a large extent, subway development is being shelved for now, partly due to its exorbitant cost, and partly due to the lack of subway level demand.	to a large extent, subway development is being shelved for now, partly due to its high cost, and partly due to the lack of subway level demand.
john hinch always used traditional jazz-rock drum kits with a snare drum, single bass drum, single tom-tom, and single floor tom, in contrast to his numerous successors who used big kits and equipments.	hinch always used traditional jazz-rock drum kits with a snare drum, single bass drum, single tom-tom, and single floor tom, in contrast to his numerous successors who used big kits and equipments.
diana muldaur (born august 19, 1938) is an emmy-nominated american film and television actress.	diana muldaur (born august 19, 1938) is an american film and television actress.
on 4 february, mark harper held an open meeting in coleford to discuss the proposals.	on 4 february, harper held an open meeting in coleford to discuss the proposals.
while individual chiropractors may share the viewpoints of certain organizations, most chiropractors are not actual members of any national organization.	while individual chiropractors may share the viewpoints of one or more organizations, most chiropractors are not actual members of any national organization.
goulburn is a provincial cathedral city in the southern tablelands of new south wales, australia in goulburn mulwaree council.	goulburn is a provincial city in the southern tablelands of new south wales, australia in goulburn mulwaree council.
restricted press freedom by suing sondhi after sondhi printed a slanderous sermon by a controversial monk (see luang ta maha bua incident)	restricted press freedom by suing sondhi after sondhi printed a sermon by a controversial monk (see luang ta maha bua incident)
loren dean jovicic (born july 31, 1969) is an award-winning american actor.	loren dean jovicic (born july 31, 1969) is an american actor.
several reasons may account for the spread of these diffusionist theories, including political propaganda, justification for colonialism, the backing of priority claims, or simply a naive tendency to explain the origins of new world civilizations in the context of biblical tradition or other known old world civilizations.	several reasons may account for the spread of these diffusionist theories, including political propaganda, justification for colonialism, the backing of priority claims, or simply a tendency to explain the origins of new world civilizations in the context of biblical tradition or other known old world civilizations.
on july 4, theodore roosevelt, who had succeeded to the u.s. presidency after the assassination of president mckinley on september 5, 1901 proclaimed a full and complete pardon and amnesty to all persons in the philippine archipelago who had participated in the insurrection .	on july 4, theodore roosevelt, who had succeeded to the u.s. presidency after the assassination of president mckinley on september 5, 1901 proclaimed a full and complete pardon and amnesty to all persons in the philippine archipelago who had participated in the conflict .
republicans are deeply divided over the human causes of climate change and global warming.	republicans are divided over the human causes of climate change and global warming.
"quite the comedienne , she would often quip to her audience ""i know you're looking at my shoes."""	"quite the comedian , she would often quip to her audience ""i know you're looking at my shoes."""
the production featured a limited cast including harry enfield and british comedienne victoria wood, each playing several parts.	the production featured a limited cast including harry enfield and british comedian victoria wood, each playing several parts.
the conspiracy to break union solidarity was engineered by stevedore alfred lamb, a member of the new south wales legislative assembly, owner of one of the four main wool exporting firms, and vice president of the nsw employers' union.	the campaign to break union solidarity was engineered by stevedore alfred lamb, a member of the new south wales legislative assembly, owner of one of the four main wool exporting firms, and vice president of the nsw employers' union.
since british merchants had been the victims of oppressive northern backed tariffs on goods they sold to the south in exchange for cotton, the british government had an economic interest in support the south.	since british merchants had been the victims of northern backed tariffs on goods they sold to the south in exchange for cotton, the british government had an economic interest in support the south.
easy hiking trails circle the rim as well as lead down into the mouth of the volcano.	hiking trails circle the rim as well as lead down into the mouth of the volcano.
he also unified the nations currency, created the national mint, and a separate ministry of industry; however, he was dismissed in 1881 after a long series of disagreements with members of the satsuma and chsh clique (hambatsu) and the meiji oligarchy, most notably it hirobumi, over his efforts to secure foreign loans, to establish a constitution, and especially over his exposure of illicit property dealings involving prime minister kuroda kiyotaka and cronies from satsuma.	he also unified the nations currency, created the national mint, and a separate ministry of industry; however, he was dismissed in 1881 after a long series of disagreements with members of the satsuma and chsh clique (hambatsu) and the meiji oligarchy, most notably it hirobumi, over his efforts to secure foreign loans, to establish a constitution, and especially over his exposure of illicit property dealings involving prime minister kuroda kiyotaka and others from satsuma.
prior to world war ii she made public her sardonic opinion that adolf hitler should be awarded the nobel peace prize.	prior to world war ii she made public her opinion that adolf hitler should be awarded the nobel peace prize.
in july 2007 she appeared on hit australian tv show rove in one of two us filmed specials.	in july 2007 she appeared on australian tv show rove in one of two us filmed specials.
the influential electronic act d.a.f.	the electronic act d.a.f.
unfortunately much of the original housing stock has been torn down for new construction in recent years.	much of the original housing stock has been torn down for new construction in recent years.
many in hong kong saw this an adverse impact on the rule of law in the territory, as the central people's government interpret the basic law to serve its need, that is, a two-year probation for tsang, instead of a normal five-year term.	many in hong kong saw this an adverse impact on the rule of law in the territory, as the central people's government interpret the basic law to serve its need, that is, a two-year probation for tsang, instead of a five-year term.
though lee and gail mourned her passing , they took comfort in the fact that karen's blood helped save lucy's life.	though lee and gail mourned her death , they took comfort in the fact that karen's blood helped save lucy's life.
his particular contribution to the field of 9/11 conspiracy is his model of false flag terror operated by a rogue network of moles, patsies, hitmen, controllers in the privatized military intelligence sector, and controlled corporate media.	his particular contribution to the field of 9/11 truth movement is his model of false flag terror operated by a rogue network of moles, patsies, hitmen, controllers in the privatized military intelligence sector, and controlled corporate media.
the national green tribunal (ngt) allowed the art of living of sri sri ravi shankar to hold the festival after paying a compensation of .	the national green tribunal (ngt) allowed the art of living of sri sri ravi shankar to hold the festival after paying a fine of .
it has been shown that when comparing between a 4-point and a 5-point likert scale, where the former has the neutral option unavailable, the overall difference in the response is negligible.	it has been shown that when comparing between a 4-point and a 5-point likert scale, where the latter has the neutral option unavailable, the overall difference in the response is negligible.
however, reverting good-faith actions of other editors may also be disruptive and can even lead to the reverter being temporarily blocked from editing.	however, reverting good-faith actions of other editors may also be disruptive and can lead to the reverter being temporarily blocked from editing.
"summum is a religion and philosophy that began in 1975 as a result of claude ""corky"" nowell's alleged encounter with beings he describes as ""summa individuals""."	"summum is a religion and philosophy that began in 1975 as a result of claude ""corky"" nowell's claimed encounter with beings he describes as ""summa individuals""."
over the years the sea tigers have sunk at least 32 sri lankan naval gunboats and one civilian freighter .	over the years the sea tigers have sunk at least 32 sri lankan naval gunboats and one freighter .
they cite the lack of forward thinking and how the department is constantly in a reactionary mode.	they cite the lack of forward thinking and complain that the department is constantly in a reactionary mode.
it should be noted that - though detailed - the new testament's account of the sanhedrin's involvement in jesus' crucifixion, is not universally taken as historical fact.	it should be noted that - though detailed - the new testament's account of the sanhedrin's involvement in jesus' crucifixion, is not generally taken as historical fact.
in industry demanding purity ( f00d , pharmaceutical, drinking water), high-quality hydrochloric acid is used to control the ph of process water streams.	in industry demanding purity ( food , pharmaceutical, drinking water), high-quality hydrochloric acid is used to control the ph of process water streams.
a detailed analysis of the genesis of castes in india was presented by dr babasaheb ambedkar in his doctoral paper at the columbia univerity	a detailed analysis of the genesis of castes in india was presented by dr b r ambedkar in his doctoral paper at the columbia univerity
it is named after the karabakh region of azerbaijan, part of which is under armenian military occupation .	it is named after the karabakh region of azerbaijan, part of which is under armenian military control .
a credible bangladeshi tabloid and british media have alleged hina rabbani khar of being romantically involved with bilawal bhutto-zardari, the son of president asif ali zardari.	a bangladeshi tabloid and british media have alleged hina rabbani khar of being romantically involved with bilawal bhutto-zardari, the son of president asif ali zardari.
the typical, attractive rusty-red colour of the flax sails was due to the dressing used to waterproof them (traditionally made from red ochre, cod oil, and seawater).	the typical, rusty-red colour of the flax sails was due to the dressing used to waterproof them (traditionally made from red ochre, cod oil, and seawater).
in 1985, after failing to land a role on the tv sitcom webster, mccullough auditioned for the role of robin scorpio, the 6-year old daughter of the popular soap couple robert scorpio (tristan rogers) and anna devane (finola hughes).	in 1985, after failing to land a role on the tv sitcom webster, mccullough auditioned for the role of robin scorpio, the 6-year old daughter of the soap couple robert scorpio (tristan rogers) and anna devane (finola hughes).
robert b. weide (born june 20, 1959) is an american screenwriter, producer, and director, perhaps best known for his emmy-winning work on documentaries and curb your enthusiasm.	robert b. weide (born june 20, 1959) is an american screenwriter, producer, and director, perhaps best known for his work on documentaries and curb your enthusiasm.
salkia is a posh neighbourhood in howrah, west bengal, india.	salkia is a neighbourhood in howrah, west bengal, india.
the following day's edition was not broadcast as coverage of the outrage continued.	the following day's edition was not broadcast as coverage of the bombings continued.
the movie's claim that the federal government possesses the ability to spy on individuals through virtually all electronic means is based upon conspiracy theories surrounding the government's echelon program.	the movie's claim that the federal government possesses the ability to spy on individuals through virtually all electronic means is based upon theories surrounding the government's echelon program.
orange county, california is a densely-populated county in southern california.	orange county, california is a county in southern california.
bryn mawr college ( ; welsh: ) is a prestigious women's liberal arts college located in bryn mawr, a community in lower merion township, pennsylvania, ten miles west of philadelphia.	bryn mawr college ( ; welsh: ) is a women's liberal arts college located in bryn mawr, a community in lower merion township, pennsylvania, ten miles west of philadelphia.
anthroposophy is system of beliefs and practices based on the teachings of rudolph steiner and suggesting that by correct training and personal discipline followers can attain experience of and insights into the spiritual world.	anthroposophy is system of beliefs and practices based on the teachings of rudolph steiner and suggesting that by correct training and personal discipline anyone can attain experience of and insights into the spiritual world.
robert kova (born april 6, 1974 in west berlin, west germany) is a german-born croatian football defender who is a part of the croatian national team.	robert kova (born april 6, 1974 in west berlin, west germany) is a croatian football defender who is a part of the croatian national team.
kylie ann minogue (born may 28, 1968) is an iconic australian singer–songwriter and occasional actress.	kylie ann minogue (born may 28, 1968) is an australian singer–songwriter and occasional actress.
there are major plans to re-develop both places to improve the area in which they are situated and the services they currently offer.	there are plans to re-develop both places to improve the area in which they are situated and the services they currently offer.
david tells his tale to breck, who explains that his birthplace, appin, is under the tyrannical administration of colin roy of glenure, a government agent and a campbell.	david tells his tale to breck, who in turn states that his birthplace, appin, is under the tyrannical administration of colin roy of glenure, a government agent and a campbell.
gbekli tepe is located in kurdistan .	gbekli tepe is located in southeastern turkey .
"the sir john cass school of art, architecture and design, abbreviated as the cass and nicknamed the ""aldgate bauhaus"", is an renowned art school that forms part of the london metropolitan university."	"the sir john cass school of art, architecture and design, abbreviated as the cass and nicknamed the ""aldgate bauhaus"", is an art school that forms part of the london metropolitan university."
also, outrageous shipping charges outside of the u.s. often made the tape cost us $40 or more.	also, shipping charges outside of the u.s. often made the tape cost us $40 or more.
the eggbeater kick is the primary kick that enables the player to support himself in the	the eggbeater kick is the primary kick that enables the player to support themselves in the
in fluid mechanics, kelvin's circulation theorem (named after the british scientist who published this theorem in 1869 ) states in an inviscid, barotropic flow with conservative body forces, the circulation around a closed curve (which encloses the same fluid elements) moving with the fluid remains constant with time .	in fluid mechanics, kelvin's circulation theorem (named after the northern irish scientist who published this theorem in 1869 ) states in an inviscid, barotropic flow with conservative body forces, the circulation around a closed curve (which encloses the same fluid elements) moving with the fluid remains constant with time .
the school was established in 1955, at the invitation of prominent st. louis catholics, by monks of the benedictine ampleforth abbey in yorkshire, england.	the school was established in 1955, at the invitation of st. louis catholics, by monks of the benedictine ampleforth abbey in yorkshire, england.
golf green is a posh neighbourhood located in the south kolkata part of kolkata, west bengal.	golf green is a neighbourhood located in the south kolkata part of kolkata, west bengal.
unfortunately , this is not the case.	however , this is not the case.
her experience showed that muslim dress is rightfully disapproved of in the united states.	her experience showed that muslim dress is disapproved of in the united states.
the drudge report is a popular u.s.-based news website run by matt drudge.	the drudge report is a u.s.-based news website run by matt drudge.
libertarianism is a political philosophy advocating that individuals should be free to do whatever they wish with their person or property, as long as they do not infringe on the same liberty of others.	libertarianism is a philosophy advocating that individuals should be free to do whatever they wish with their person or property, as long as they do not infringe on the same liberty of others.
"boycott campaigns have been organized by organizations such as code pink, which claims "" ahava's products actually come from stolen palestinian natural resources in the occupied territory of the palestinian west bank, and are produced in mitzpe shalem""."	"boycott campaigns have been organized by organizations such as code pink, which says ""ahava's products actually come from stolen palestinian natural resources in the occupied territory of the palestinian west bank, and are produced in mitzpe shalem""."
it was alleged by a former mi6 operative, captain fred holroyd, that nairac admitted involvement in the assassination of pira volunteer john francis green on 10 january 1975 to him.	it was alleged by a former mi6 operative, captain fred holroyd, that nairac admitted involvement in the assassination of pira member john francis green on 10 january 1975 to him.
the episode received very positive reviews and won best television presentation and alex kingston was nominated for best guest star on television at the 42nd saturn awards.	the episode received positive reviews and won best television presentation and alex kingston was nominated for best guest star on television at the 42nd saturn awards.
much of the western part of denman island is covered by a luxuriant forest dominated by douglas-fir, western hemlock and western red cedar on deep gravelly loam glacial till.	much of the western part of denman island is covered by a dense forest dominated by douglas-fir, western hemlock and western red cedar on deep gravelly loam glacial till.
however, some suspect that this sabre-rattling is in preparation for an illegal american invasion of iran.	however, some suspect that this sabre-rattling is in preparation for an american invasion of iran.
the crossing of the river berezina was a final french calamity; two russian armies inflicted horrendous casualties on the remnants of the as it struggled to escape across pontoon bridges.	the crossing of the river berezina was a final french calamity; two russian armies inflicted heavy casualties on the remnants of the as it struggled to escape across pontoon bridges.
liberation of east karelia	occupation of east karelia
misrata radio claimed that a column of rebel vehicles advanced southwards from misrata, taking the town of bir durfan, and intended to capture the city of bani walid within days.	misrata radio reported that a column of rebel vehicles advanced southwards from misrata, taking the town of bir durfan, and intended to capture the city of bani walid within days.
at the same time, the second image makes the electrostatic hypothesis very probable because a double superficiality is typical of corona discharge and the photographic hypothesis somewhat less probable.	at the same time, the second image makes the electrostatic hypothesis probable because a double superficiality is typical of corona discharge and the photographic hypothesis somewhat less probable.
"the committee also sanitized the graphically violent language from the ""penalty"" portions of the ceremony."	"the committee also removed the graphically violent language from the ""penalty"" portions of the ceremony."
there was a second public release of the shell technology preview, called shell technology preview update made available to msdn and compuserve users on 8 august 1995. both releases held windows explorer builds of 3.51.1053.1. the shell technology preview program never saw a final release under nt 3.51. the entire program was moved across to the cairo development group who finally integrated the new shell design into the nt code with the release of nt 4.0 in july 1996.	there was a second public release of the shell technology preview, called shell technology preview update made available to msdn and compuserve users on 8 august 1995. both releases held windows explorer builds of 3.51.1053.1. the shell technology preview program never saw a final release under nt 3.51. the entire program was moved across to the cairo development group who integrated the new shell design into the nt code with the release of nt 4.0 in july 1996.
she studied at the bengal music college, a music training college affiliated with the prestigious university of calcutta.	she studied at the bengal music college, a music training college affiliated with the university of calcutta.
other notable musicians from liverpool have included billy fury, echo and the bunnymen, frankie goes to hollywood, frankie vaughan and more recently atomic kitten and melanie c.	other musicians from liverpool have included billy fury, echo and the bunnymen, frankie goes to hollywood, frankie vaughan and more recently atomic kitten and melanie c.
post-marino downfall (20002011)	post-marino period (20002011)
"the balance of abuse meted out by mencken to races, religions, and groups is overwhelmingly skewed against the ""dominant"" groups, such as southern whites, christians (especially of the methodist or baptist persuasion ), and even german immigrants, with whom mencken shared his heritage."	"the balance of abuse meted out by mencken to races, religions, and groups is overwhelmingly skewed against the ""dominant"" groups, such as southern whites, christians (especially of the methodist or baptist traditions ), and even german immigrants, with whom mencken shared his heritage."
"howard kurtz of the washington post alleges that, ""jeff gannon, ... whose naked pictures have appeared on a number of gay escort sites, says that he has 'regrets' about his past but that white house officials knew nothing about his salacious activities."""	"howard kurtz of the washington post reported that, ""jeff gannon, ... whose naked pictures have appeared on a number of gay escort sites, says that he has 'regrets' about his past but that white house officials knew nothing about his salacious activities."""
she remains best known for her excellent performances in the cult horror films of director pete walker, having played leading roles in shockers such as house of whipcord, house of mortal sin, frightmare, the comeback and house of the long shadows.	she remains best known for her admired performances in the cult horror films of director pete walker, having played leading roles in shockers such as house of whipcord, house of mortal sin, frightmare, the comeback and house of the long shadows.
the renaissance institute is a voluntary association of women and men age 50 and older who pursue study of a wide variety of topics on a not-for-credit basis.	the renaissance institute is a voluntary association of women and men age 50 and older who pursue study of a variety of topics on a not-for-credit basis.
the taylor sportsplex is a premiere sports facility owned by and located in the city of taylor, michigan.	the taylor sportsplex is a sports facility owned by and located in the city of taylor, michigan.
in early december 2009, members of the social networking site facebook launched a group encouraging people to buy the song in the week running up to christmas in order to prevent the winner of the the x factor (uk) tv show from falsely achieving the coveted christmas number one slot in the uk singles chart.	in early december 2009, members of the social networking site facebook launched a group encouraging people to buy the song in the week running up to christmas in order to prevent the winner of the the x factor (uk) tv show from achieving the coveted christmas number one slot in the uk singles chart.
"it represents a unique public-private partnership, since it is both the nation's living memorial to president john f. kennedy and the ""national center for the performing arts"", which includes educational and outreach initiatives, almost entirely paid for through ticket sales and gifts from individuals, corporations, and private foundations."	"it represents a public-private partnership, since it is both the nation's living memorial to president john f. kennedy and the ""national center for the performing arts"", which includes educational and outreach initiatives, almost entirely paid for through ticket sales and gifts from individuals, corporations, and private foundations."
in united states politics, the gas tax holiday or the gas tax pandering is a proposal made by presidential contenders arizona senator john mccain and new york senator hillary rodham clinton to suspend the federal excise tax on gasoline from memorial day to labor day in the year 2008. proponents argue that this could potentially reduce the price of gas at the pump by about 18.4 cents a gallon for regular unleaded gasoline and 24.4 cents a gallon for diesel.	in united states politics, the gas tax holiday or the gas tax loophole is a proposal made by presidential contenders arizona senator john mccain and new york senator hillary rodham clinton to suspend the federal excise tax on gasoline from memorial day to labor day in the year 2008. proponents argue that this could potentially reduce the price of gas at the pump by about 18.4 cents a gallon for regular unleaded gasoline and 24.4 cents a gallon for diesel.
the flying pigeon's current building was built in 1998. it employs just 600 workers who produce the bikes, using modern automated equipment.	the flying pigeon's current building was built in 1998. it employs 600 workers who produce the bikes, using modern automated equipment.
he regularly picked fights with otis williams and melvin franklin over the group's leadership.	he regularly had fights with otis williams and melvin franklin over the group's leadership.
moreover, franklin personally told crick and watson that the backbones had to be on the outside, which was crucial since before this both they and linus pauling had independently generated crassly non-illuminating models with the chains inside and the bases pointing outwards.	moreover, franklin personally told crick and watson that the backbones had to be on the outside, which was crucial since before this both they and linus pauling had independently generated non-illuminating models with the chains inside and the bases pointing outwards.
iliya markov popgeorgiev, better known as ilyo voyvoda, was a bulgarian revolutionary from macedonia, who is considered a national hero in both bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.	iliya markov popgeorgiev, better known as ilyo voyvoda, was a revolutionary from macedonia, who is considered a national hero in both bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.
the two most prominent instances were the reinstitution of the tridentine mass, calling for the conversion of the jews to catholicism, and the reinstatement of four bishops from the society of st. pius x, an antisemitic traditionalist catholic sect of which one of the bishops is an unrepentant holocaust denier.	the two most prominent instances were the reinstitution of the tridentine mass, calling for the conversion of the jews to catholicism, and the reinstatement of four bishops from the society of st. pius x, an antisemitic traditionalist catholic organisation of which one of the bishops is an unrepentant holocaust denier.
the falklands consist of two large and many small islands in the south atlantic ocean east of argentina, whose ownership had long been disputed.	the falkland islands consist of two large and many small islands in the south atlantic ocean east of argentina, whose ownership had long been disputed.
she died young and okyo mourned her passing .	she died young and okyo mourned her death .
guzzo was a recipient of the queen elizabeth ii diamond jubilee medal in 2013, and was knighted by the order of merit of the italian republic and is a distinguished member of the order of malta.	guzzo was a recipient of the queen elizabeth ii diamond jubilee medal in 2013, and was knighted by the order of merit of the italian republic and is a member of the order of malta.
it was not until the sixteenth century that urban sprawl development to build over the adjoining fields, eventually taking over nearby villages such as marylebone and kensington, and gradually creating the vast greater london that exists today.	it was not until the sixteenth century that urban development to build over the adjoining fields, eventually taking over nearby villages such as marylebone and kensington, and gradually creating the vast greater london that exists today.
cedric namedi phatudi (27 may 1912 7 october 1987) was the chief minister of lebowa, one of the controversial south african bantustans.	cedric namedi phatudi (27 may 1912 7 october 1987) was the chief minister of lebowa, one of the south african bantustans.
although south sudan proper became independent in july 2011, allegations of human rights abuses continue to dog the sudanese government amidst its efforts to pacify rebellion in the southern state of south kordofan.	although south sudan proper became independent in july 2011, allegations of human rights abuses continue to be made against the sudanese government amidst its efforts to pacify rebellion in the southern state of south kordofan.
although this also used to be the case with optical disc, in 2012, millenniata, inc. a digital storage company based in utah, released m-disc, an optical storage solution, designed to last up to 1,000 years, thus, assuring digital storage as a viable storage solution.	although this also used to be the case with optical disc, in 2012, millenniata, inc. a digital storage company based in utah, released m-disc, an optical storage solution, designed to last up to 1,000 years, thus, offering a possibility of digital storage as a viable storage solution.
"the speech included racist chants of ""black power"" and the exhortation for blacks to ignore ""white law."""	"the speech included chants of ""black power"" and the exhortation for blacks to ignore ""white law."""
"on the bbc's question time program she was perculiarly quoted as saying, ""...the desire to get rid of saddam, regime change, eh, was adopted as a policy of the american administration in 1988sic, under bill clinton."""	"on the bbc's question time program she was quoted as saying, ""...the desire to get rid of saddam, regime change, eh, was adopted as a policy of the american administration in 1988sic, under bill clinton."""
he is a statesman of the republic of kazakhstan, deputy head of the presidential administration of the republic of kazakhstan, doctor of law (2002) (under the supervision of professor zimanov s.z.	he is a politician of the republic of kazakhstan, deputy head of the presidential administration of the republic of kazakhstan, doctor of law (2002) (under the supervision of professor zimanov s.z.
died: fay templeton, 73, american actress, singer and comedienne	died: fay templeton, 73, american actress, singer and comedian
"coren's piece prompted several letters of complaint to the times, including one from the polish ambassador to the uk, barbara tuge- ereciska , who wrote: ""the issue of polish-jewish relations has been unfairly and deeply falsified."""	"coren's piece prompted several letters of complaint to the times, including one from the polish ambassador to the uk, barbara tuge- ereinska , who wrote: ""the issue of polish-jewish relations has been unfairly and deeply falsified."""
earthfall are currently touring their revival of this dance production across the uk in autumn 2011, to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the publication of the book.	earthfall are currently touring their re-edition of this dance production across the uk in autumn 2011, to coincide with the 10th anniversary of the publication of the book.
"the episode produced spoofs of a number of then-exceptionally-well-known cultural icons, including passing references to chronic the hedgehog and dungeons & dragons, as well as a richard o'brien stand-in named ""robin o'hood"" who in the episode leads gary and graeme through the merry men's version of the crystal maze."	"the episode produced spoofs of a number of cultural icons, including passing references to chronic the hedgehog and dungeons & dragons, as well as a richard o'brien stand-in named ""robin o'hood"" who in the episode leads gary and graeme through the merry men's version of the crystal maze."
the annexation of crimea by the russian federation was the march 2014 forcible acquisition of most of the crimean peninsula, internationally recognized as part of ukraine, by the russian federation.	the annexation of crimea by the russian federation was the march 2014 acquisition of most of the crimean peninsula, internationally recognized as part of ukraine, by the russian federation.
the minimal tolerance of the jizya (the tax demanded of dhimmis) paying jews and christians in the cities of morocco came to an end under the intolerant dynasty of the stern almohades, who came into power in 1146. jews and christians were compelled either to accept islam or to leave the country.	the tolerance of the jizya (the tax demanded of dhimmis) paying jews and christians in the cities of morocco came to an end under the intolerant dynasty of the stern almohades, who came into power in 1146. jews and christians were compelled either to accept islam or to leave the country.
the song poetically presents the native american viewpoint that the earth is a living entity where mankind is connected to everything in nature.	the song poetically presents the native american viewpoint that the earth is a living entity where humankind is connected to everything in nature.
thumbnail|dernire volont live in 2003.	dernire volont live in 2003.
for the impressive effects shot of the death of kane, a wax bust of the actor's screaming face was made and filmed being melted down to a skull within, this footage being sped up to achieve the effect.	for the effects shot of the death of kane, a wax bust of the actor's screaming face was made and filmed being melted down to a skull within, this footage being sped up to achieve the effect.
appointed foreign minister in 1963, bhutto was a proponent of operation gibraltar in indian- occupied kashmir, leading to war with india in 1965. after the tashkent agreement ended hostilities, bhutto fell out with ayub and was sacked from government.	appointed foreign minister in 1963, bhutto was a proponent of operation gibraltar in indian- controlled kashmir, leading to war with india in 1965. after the tashkent agreement ended hostilities, bhutto fell out with ayub and was sacked from government.
on october 12, 2004 a mob of pro-government activists toppled the statue of columbus in caracas and sprayed allusive graffiti over its pedestal.	on october 12, 2004 a group of pro-government activists toppled the statue of columbus in caracas and sprayed allusive graffiti over its pedestal.
judgement of the government's role	analysis of the government's role
the united states navy mobilised two naval battle groups, the aircraft carriers uss dwight d. eisenhower and uss independence and their escorts, to the area, where they were ready by august 8. a total of 48 u.s. air force f-15s from the 1st fighter wing at langley air force base, virginia, landed in saudi arabia and immediately commenced round the clock air patrols of the saudikuwaitiraq border areas to prevent further iraqi advances.	the united states navy mobilized two naval battle groups, the aircraft carriers uss dwight d. eisenhower and uss independence and their escorts, to the area, where they were ready by august 8. a total of 48 u.s. air force f-15s from the 1st fighter wing at langley air force base, virginia, landed in saudi arabia and immediately commenced round the clock air patrols of the saudikuwaitiraq border areas to prevent further iraqi advances.
another theory however links herakles with lord shiva (see megasthenes' herakles).	another theory however links herakles with shiva (see megasthenes' herakles).
it was published by the notorious english publisher edmund curll.	it was published by the english publisher edmund curll.
even after ruth was traded to the hated yankees he still wintered in sudbury.	even after ruth was traded to the new york yankees he still wintered in sudbury.
countries that ban homosexuals from serving in the military	countries that disallow homosexuals from serving in the military
the ten commandments, or decalogue, is a list of religious and moral imperatives which, according to the bible, was spoken by god yhwh to moses on mount sinai and engraved on two stone tablets.	the ten commandments, or decalogue, is a list of religious and moral imperatives which, according to the bible, was spoken by yhwh to moses on mount sinai and engraved on two stone tablets.
the kincora boys' home was a boys' home in belfast, northern ireland that was the scene of serious organised child sexual abuse, causing a scandal and attempted cover-up in 1980, with credible allegations of state collusion.	the kincora boys' home was a boys' home in belfast, northern ireland that was the scene of serious organised child sexual abuse, causing a scandal and attempted cover-up in 1980, with allegations of state collusion.
despite these improvements, parking remains inadequate at shore line east stations, perhaps due to oil price increases since 2003 causing increased ridership.	despite these improvements, parking remains an issue at shore line east stations, perhaps due to oil price increases since 2003 causing increased ridership.
"indigenous australians are facing a demographic threat due to mass immigration and a high and increasing exogamy rate that it is feared may eventually lead to the ""dissolution of aboriginal and torres strait islander bloodlines and culture."""	"indigenous australians are facing a demographic threat due to mass immigration and a high and increasing exogamy rate that it is reported may eventually lead to the ""dissolution of aboriginal and torres strait islander bloodlines and culture."""
dorothy rabinowitz is a pulitzer prize winning american conservative journalist and commentator.	dorothy rabinowitz is a pulitzer prize winning american journalist and commentator.
"johnson has a rare combination of size (6 ft. 5 in., 239 lb/ 196 cm, 108 kg), speed (4.35 sec 40-yard dash), strength, leaping ability (more than 45"" (114 cm) vertical),"	"johnson has a combination of size (6 ft. 5 in., 239 lb/ 196 cm, 108 kg), speed (4.35 sec 40-yard dash), strength, leaping ability (more than 45"" (114 cm) vertical),"
the most famous use of this weapon was an ira assassination attempt on february 7 1991. guerrillas mortared 10 downing street as a cabinet meeting was in session, however the bomb landed in the back garden of the british prime minister's residence only succeeding in shattering the back windows.	the most famous use of this weapon was an ira assassination attempt on february 7 1991. they mortared 10 downing street as a cabinet meeting was in session, however the bomb landed in the back garden of the british prime minister's residence only succeeding in shattering the back windows.
"sbvt and its agitprop tactics have been criticized by many, who view sbvt as, in the words of slate editor jacob weisberg, part of the ""right-wing slime machine."""	"sbvt and its tactics have been criticized by many, who view sbvt as, in the words of slate editor jacob weisberg, part of the ""right-wing slime machine."""
har homa, (, trans: wall mountain; , translit jabal abu ghneim) is a settlement in southeastern jerusalem, opposite the bethlehem suburb of beit sahour.	har homa, (, trans: wall mountain; , translit jabal abu ghneim) is a neighborhood in southeastern jerusalem, opposite the bethlehem suburb of beit sahour.
"the earliest record of a flair bartender is legendary/epic barman jerry ""the professor"" thomas, who poured fiery streams of boiling water and flaming whisky and mixed an original cocktail called the blue blazer in the late 19th century."	"the earliest record of a flair bartender is barman jerry ""the professor"" thomas, who poured fiery streams of boiling water and flaming whisky and mixed an original cocktail called the blue blazer in the late 19th century."
jim cantore, the united states stormtracker and well-known meteorologist on the weather channel since 1986	jim cantore, the united states stormtracker and meteorologist on the weather channel since 1986
the minories , run by the trust, continued to show a rich variety of work by regional, national and international artists, sculptors and crafts people such as edward bawden, leon underwood, eric ravilious, harry becker, john bratby, john and paul nash, lucien pissarro, cedric morris, christopher wood, bill brandt, maggi hambling, jacob epstein and valerie thornton.	the minories , run by the trust, continued to show a variety of work by regional, national and international artists, sculptors and crafts people such as edward bawden, leon underwood, eric ravilious, harry becker, john bratby, john and paul nash, lucien pissarro, cedric morris, christopher wood, bill brandt, maggi hambling, jacob epstein and valerie thornton.
unfortunately the defeat of austria by france obliged them to flee, and they took refuge in mittau, courland, under the protection of tsar paul i of russia.	the defeat of austria by france obliged them to flee, and they took refuge in mittau, courland, under the protection of tsar paul i of russia.
unfortunately , the soundtrack is still unavailable.	however , the soundtrack is still unavailable.
"tampuhan, meaning ""sulking"", is an 1895 classic oil on canvas impressionist painting by filipino painter and hero juan luna."	"tampuhan, meaning ""sulking"", is an 1895 classic oil on canvas impressionist painting by filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna."
the organization is renowned for their highbrow tastes, and its annual awards is one of the most prestigious film critics awards in the united states.	the organization is known for their highbrow tastes, and its annual awards is one of the most prestigious film critics awards in the united states.
at the same time, the majority of the serb population freely emigrated.	at the same time, the majority of the serb population emigrated.
viva hate is morrissey's debut solo album, released on march 22, 1988. the album was more successful than any of morrissey's work with the smiths and was more modern and musically innovative in comparison as well.	viva hate is morrissey's debut solo album, released on march 22, 1988. the album was more successful than any of morrissey's work with the smiths and is widely considered more modern and musically innovative in comparison as well.
joan rivers (joan alexandra molinsky sanger rosenberg, 19332014), comedienne , actress, talk show host	joan rivers (joan alexandra molinsky sanger rosenberg, 19332014), comedian , actress, talk show host
count folke bernadotte of wisborg (2 january 1895 - 17 september 1948) or simply count bernadotte, was a swedish diplomat noted for his negotiation of the release of 15,000 mostly scandinavian prisoners from the german concentration camps in world war ii and for his assassination by members of a jewish terrorist group during his service as united nations mediator in palestine.	count folke bernadotte of wisborg (2 january 1895 - 17 september 1948) or simply count bernadotte, was a swedish diplomat noted for his negotiation of the release of 15,000 mostly scandinavian prisoners from the german concentration camps in world war ii and for his assassination by members of a jewish underground group during his service as united nations mediator in palestine.
as can be expected, most practitioners of hoodoo are african american, but caucasians and native americans also use hoodoo, although their practices share commonalities more with pennsylvania dutch pow-wow magic, rather than with its more potent practices in west africa.	as can be expected, most practitioners of hoodoo are african american, but whites and native americans also use hoodoo, although their practices share commonalities more with pennsylvania dutch pow-wow magic, rather than with its more potent practices in west africa.
antifeminism may be motivated by the belief that feminist theories of patriarchy and disadvantages suffered by women in society are incorrect or exaggerated, that feminism as a movement encourages misandry and results in harm or oppression of men, or general hostility towards women's rights.	antifeminism may be motivated by the belief that feminist theories of patriarchy and disadvantages suffered by women in society are incorrect or exaggerated, that feminism as a movement encourages misandry and results in harm or oppression of men, or general opposition towards women's rights.
"in the movie the character is known as ""arkansas dave"" though the historical rudabaugh never used this name."	"in the film the character is known as ""arkansas dave"" though the historical rudabaugh never used this name."
the traditional provinces and regions (of any period) often bear names with more obscure and superficially richer histories.	the traditional provinces and regions (of any period) often bear names with more obscure and richer histories.
reichskommissariats took brutal control of conquered areas, and a german administration was established in what was left of poland.	reichskommissariats took control of conquered areas, and a german administration was established in what was left of poland.
there is also interest in pilgrimage to st. peter's basilica at the vatican in rome, the capital of the holy catholic church.	there is also interest in pilgrimage to st. peter's basilica at the vatican in rome, the capital of the roman catholic church.
"it is frequently speculated that, if real, n. senada may have been famous avant-garde composer and instrument-designer harry partch, the influence of whose work may be heard in residents compositions such as ""six things to a cycle""; his passing is also referenced in the song ""death in barstow""."	"it is frequently speculated that, if real, n. senada may have been famous avant-garde composer and instrument-designer harry partch, the influence of whose work may be heard in residents compositions such as ""six things to a cycle""; his death is also referenced in the song ""death in barstow""."
sunshine garcia (2003-2014; abs-cbn comedienne & actress, businesswoman)	sunshine garcia (2003-2014; abs-cbn comedian & actress, businesswoman)
it earned him the coveted knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves, swords and diamonds.	it earned him the knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves, swords and diamonds.
the roc still constitutionally claims sovereignty over mainland china, hong kong, macau, territories that today constitute the prc, but also over mongolia, tannu tuva, which later became the tuvan people's republic (russia), and other minor areas which today constitute afghanistan, myanmar, india or japan.	the roc still constitutionally claims sovereignty over mainland china, hong kong, macau, territories that today constitute the prc, but also over mongolia, tannu tuva, which later became the tuvan people's republic (russia), and other minor areas which today are also claimed by afghanistan, myanmar, india or japan.
"in greek mythology, the neikea (; singular: neikos ""quarrels"") were goddesses of arguments."	"in greek mythology, the neikea (; singular: neikos ""quarrels"") were spirits of arguments."
awesome people pixeljam works with	people pixeljam works with
anthology is a three-disc/three-cassette box set that provides a comprehensive overview of selena's tragically brief career.	anthology is a three-disc/three-cassette box set that provides a comprehensive overview of selena's brief career.
"socialist communication scholar robert w. mcchesney, inspired in part by the work of chomsky and herman, has linked the failures of the mainstream press primarily to corporate ownership, pro-corporate public policy, and the myth of ""professional journalism."""	"communication scholar robert w. mcchesney, inspired in part by the work of chomsky and herman, has linked the failures of the mainstream press primarily to corporate ownership, pro-corporate public policy, and the myth of ""professional journalism."""
on the ruins of the old kingdom of uladh they founded a new kingdom of airgalla which was henceforth for nearly a thousand years to play an important part in the history of northern ireland, and which was possessed afterwards by their descendants, the macmahons, o'hanlons, o'carrolls, and maguires.	on the ruins of the old kingdom of uladh they founded a new kingdom of airgalla which was henceforth for nearly a thousand years to play an important part in the history of ireland, and which was possessed afterwards by their descendants, the macmahons, o'hanlons, o'carrolls, and maguires.
for many musicians, however, britten's flawless technique, broad musical and human sympathies and ability to treat the most traditional of musical forms with freshness and originality places him near the head of composers of his generation.	for many musicians, however, britten's technique, broad musical and human sympathies and ability to treat the most traditional of musical forms with freshness and originality places him near the head of composers of his generation.
he emphasizes christian principles such as: god's holiness and righteousness, god's love towards humans and especially jesus as christ and messiah.	he emphasizes christian beliefs, such as: god's holiness and righteousness, god's love towards humans and especially jesus as christ and messiah.
lindsay neville, meanwhile, is still being torn apart inside from her son's passing .	lindsay neville, meanwhile, is still being torn apart inside from her son's death .
john young unfortunately was caught twice using profanity on the moon when (a) he was complaining about drinking orange juice while on open mike and (b) when he tripped over the cable connected to the heat flow experiment, pulling it out and rendering the experiment non-operational.	john young was caught twice using profanity on the moon when (a) he was complaining about drinking orange juice while on open mike and (b) when he tripped over the cable connected to the heat flow experiment, pulling it out and rendering the experiment non-operational.
the first among the unfortunate countries to be affected by severe climate change is bangladesh.	the first among the countries to be affected by severe climate change is bangladesh.
homosexuality in animals is seen as controversial because some assert it points to the naturalness of homosexuality in humans, while others counter that it has no implications and is nonsensical to use irrational animal behavior to justify what they see as immoral.	homosexuality in animals is seen as controversial because some assert it points to the naturalness of homosexuality in humans, while others counter that it has no implications and is nonsensical to use animal behavior to justify what they see as immoral.
pierre de thury ( -1410), said the cardinal maillezais, a french pseudocardinal , see council of pisa	pierre de thury ( -1410), said the cardinal maillezais, a french cardinal of the avignon obedience , see council of pisa
"people have always been attracted to the world-class city for its balmy weather, unique and vibrant lifestyle, high-velocity energy, pacific rim gateway status, and the opportunity to realize the ""american dream."""	"people have always been attracted to the city for its balmy weather, unique and vibrant lifestyle, high-velocity energy, pacific rim gateway status, and the opportunity to realize the ""american dream."""
the witty scripts were filled with memorable dialogue.	the scripts were filled with memorable dialogue.
ann hood (born 1956 in west warwick ri) is an award-winning american novelist and short story writer; she has also written nonfiction.	ann hood (born 1956 in west warwick ri) is an american novelist and short story writer; she has also written nonfiction.
dunbar village - in 2007, a resident from haiti was allegedly gang-raped by a group of children in one of the city's notorious public housing developments, dunbar village housing projects, with her son forced to participate, drawing national outrage.	dunbar village - in 2007, a resident from haiti was allegedly gang-raped by a group of children in one of the city's public housing developments, dunbar village housing projects, with her son forced to participate, drawing national outrage.
some of the influencers who have run fundraising campaigns on prizeo include:	some of the people who have run fundraising campaigns on prizeo include:
municipalities often have the right to tax individuals and corporations with income tax, property tax and corporate income tax, but may also receive substantial funding from the state.	municipalities may have the right to tax individuals and corporations with income tax, property tax and corporate income tax, but may also receive substantial funding from the state.
he had been scanning the s-band (microwaves) in the hopes of finding the infamous zuma satellite.	he had been scanning the s-band (microwaves) in the hopes of finding the zuma satellite.
"president roosevelt infamously stated that ""i took the isthmus, started the canal and then left congress not to debate the canal, but to debate me."""	"president roosevelt famously stated that ""i took the isthmus, started the canal and then left congress not to debate the canal, but to debate me."""
this cosmology lends itself to several damaging critiques:	this cosmology lends itself to several critiques:
li chong is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by elaine tan.	li chong is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by elaine tan.
grosso courted controversy in a match against australia in the round of 16 of the 2006 world cup in kaiserslautern, when he was fouled inside the penalty area, winning a questionable penalty in the final seconds of the match which was converted by francesco totti, giving italy a 1-0 win.	grosso courted controversy in a match against australia in the round of 16 of the 2006 world cup in kaiserslautern, when he was fouled inside the penalty area, winning a penalty in the final seconds of the match which was converted by francesco totti, giving italy a 1-0 win.
one of the features of audion that set it apart from its rivals, particularly soundjam, was its beautiful user-interface, which featured transparency through a process that mimicked the functionality of alpha channels.	one of the features of audion that set it apart from its rivals, particularly soundjam, was its user-interface, which featured transparency through a process that mimicked the functionality of alpha channels.
"according to daniel mannix's excellent 1951 sideshow memoir step right up!, the real ""secret"" to fireeating is enduring pain; he mentions that tolerating constant blisters on your tongue, lips and throat is also necessary."	"according to daniel mannix's 1951 sideshow memoir step right up!, the real ""secret"" to fireeating is enduring pain; he mentions that tolerating constant blisters on your tongue, lips and throat is also necessary."
despite these non-combat tasks, the battalion suffered quite a few casualties from enemy artillery fire.	despite these non-combat tasks, the battalion suffered quite a few casualties from german artillery fire.
after several days of speculation, cates announced that he hired oscar-winning actress and comedienne whoopi goldberg to host the festivities for the first time.	after several days of speculation, cates announced that he hired oscar-winning actress and comedian whoopi goldberg to host the festivities for the first time.
trump was elected president in a surprise victory over democratic nominee hillary clinton.	trump was elected president in a victory over democratic nominee hillary clinton.
point pleasant boasted many of the same crew behind the scenes as fox's other failed series, tru calling.	point pleasant boasted many of the same crew behind the scenes as fox's other shortly withdrawn series, tru calling.
"the practitioner then purports to act as a channel for reiki energy, theoretically allowing ""reiki energy"" to be channelled through the practitioner to wherever the patient is believed by them to require it."	"the practitioner then is said to act as a channel for reiki energy, theoretically allowing ""reiki energy"" to be channelled through the practitioner to wherever the patient is believed by them to require it."
miles' work for the label included the excellent album released under his own name, bicentennial gathering of the tribes.	miles' work for the label included the album released under his own name, bicentennial gathering of the tribes.
though ahmadinejad has claimed no, i am not anti-jewi respect them very much.	though ahmadinejad has said no, i am not anti-jewi respect them very much.
the liberal national organization for women has expressed the view that pk is a substantial threat to women's rights.	the national organization for women has expressed the view that pk is a substantial threat to women's rights.
a number of humorous construction errors were highlighted by local papers early during the construction process.	a number of construction errors were highlighted by local papers early during the construction process.
unfortunately , in november of that year fide decided to grant 100 bonus elo rating points to all active female players except her, knocking her out of the top spot in the january, 1987 ratings list.	however , in november of that year fide decided to grant 100 bonus elo rating points to all active female players except her, knocking her out of the top spot in the january, 1987 ratings list.
"as part of the operation, which involved invasions of cities and towns all over the west bank, israel targeted jenin's refugee camp, after it determined that the city had ""served as a launch site for numerous terrorist attacks against both israeli civilians and israeli towns and villages in the area"","	"as part of the operation, which involved invasions of cities and towns all over the west bank, israel targeted jenin's refugee camp, after it deemed that the city had ""served as a launch site for numerous terrorist attacks against both israeli civilians and israeli towns and villages in the area"","
"the name cle elum, which means ""swift water"" in the language of the kittitas indians, was given to a river, a town, and also a beautiful tranquil lake created by the construction of the cle elum dam."	"the name cle elum, which means ""swift water"" in the language of the kittitas indians, was given to a river, a town, and also a tranquil lake created by the construction of the cle elum dam ."
the crumbling of the empires had a great effect on the ukrainian nationalist awakening and in the short period of four years a number of ukrainian governments sprung up.	the crumbling of the empires had a great effect on the ukrainian nationalist movement and in the short period of four years a number of ukrainian governments sprung up.
she is notorious for being openly anti-homosexuality she is married to steve kern, pastor of olivet baptist church in the oklahoma city area.	she is known nationally for being openly anti-homosexuality she is married to steve kern, pastor of olivet baptist church in the oklahoma city area.
china falsely claims the area as part of the tibet autonomous region, and in 2007, it denied a visa to an arunachal pradesh official.	china claims the area as part of the tibet autonomous region, and in 2007, it denied a visa to an arunachal pradesh official.
stoke-on-trent is the home of the pottery industry in england and is commonly known as the potteries, with the local residents affectionately known as potters .	stoke-on-trent is the home of the pottery industry in england and is commonly known as the potteries, with the local residents known as potters.
one bizarre implication of this creationist idea would be that supernovae that occur in the distant universe and are visible to us only after the transit time for light would have had to have been manufactured optical effects at the time of creation.	one implication of this creationist idea would be that supernovae that occur in the distant universe and are visible to us only after the transit time for light would have had to have been manufactured optical effects at the time of creation.
"the numbers with cello arrangements, including the title track plus ""fall from grace"" and ""not forgotten"", were produced by the band on their own in 1993. john cale later produced the poppiest songs in mid-1994."	"the numbers with cello arrangements, including the title track plus ""fall from grace"" and ""not forgotten"", were produced by the band on their own in 1993. john cale later produced the remaining songs in mid-1994."
"in june 2006, the epic rock band globus released the album ""epicon"", which included anneke's vocal and writing talents ."	"in june 2006, the epic rock band globus released the album ""epicon"", which included anneke's vocal and writing contributions ."
although the scientific evidence concludes sucralose is safe, some individuals and organizations remain skeptical that it poses no long-term health risk.	although the scientific evidence seems to indicate that sucralose is safe, some individuals and organizations remain skeptical that it poses no long-term health risk.
former parliamentary representatives include the bbc war correspondent martin bell, who stood as an independent in 1997 to defeat the disgraced former conservative party mp, neil hamilton.	former parliamentary representatives include the bbc war correspondent martin bell, who stood as an independent in 1997 to defeat the former conservative party mp, neil hamilton.
it also has good bus links, with routes to and from central london, croydon, sutton and kingston amongst others.	it also has several bus links, with routes to and from central london, croydon, sutton and kingston amongst others.
many other examples of objects of the mind exist, and each in its own way poses unanswerable questions about truth, falsehood, reality, fiction, and imagination.	many other examples of objects of the mind exist, and each in its own way poses questions about truth, falsehood, reality, fiction, and imagination.
the finding and kidnapping of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.	the finding and capture of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.
sheikh osama bin muhammad bin 'awad bin laden (; born march 10, 1957 ), most often mentioned as osama bin laden or usama bin laden, is a saudi arabian militant islamist and is widely believed to be one of the founders of the organization called al-qaeda.	osama bin muhammad bin 'awad bin laden (; born march 10, 1957 ), most often mentioned as osama bin laden or usama bin laden, is a saudi arabian militant islamist and is widely believed to be one of the founders of the organization called al-qaeda.
led by the hilarious , over-the-top antics of marcus and angela williams, the ensemble follows three couples: marcus and angela, joseph and leslie, and richard and keisha who are at various stages of their relationships as they weather the ups-and-downs of married life and dating.	led by the comical , over-the-top antics of marcus and angela williams, the ensemble follows three couples: marcus and angela, joseph and leslie, and richard and keisha who are at various stages of their relationships as they weather the ups-and-downs of married life and dating.
holy bible - bible and rebirth	bible - bible and rebirth
in 2003, the wru controversially elected to reduce the top tier of welsh professional rugby from nine clubs into five regions, attempting to mirror the successful formats in ireland and the southern hemisphere countries of south africa, australia and new zealand.	in 2003, the wru elected to reduce the top tier of welsh professional rugby from nine clubs into five regions, attempting to mirror the successful formats in ireland and the southern hemisphere countries of south africa, australia and new zealand.
osama bin mohammed bin awad bin laden (; , ; march 10, 1957 may 2, 2011) was the founder of al-qaeda, the jihadist organization that claimed responsibility for the september 11 attacks on the united states, along with numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian and military targets.	osama bin mohammed bin awad bin laden (; , ; march 10, 1957 may 2, 2011) was the founder of al-qaeda, the militant islamist organization that claimed responsibility for the september 11 attacks on the united states, along with numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian and military targets.
us spec qv, showing the unsightly federal bumpers	us spec qv, showing the manditory federal bumpers
the so-called spaceliner is a reusable vehicle lifting-off vertically and landing like a glider.	the spaceliner is a reusable vehicle lifting-off vertically and landing like a glider.
coalescence theory can also be used to model the amount of variation in dna sequences expected from genetic drift alone.	coalescent theory can also be used to model the amount of variation in dna sequences expected from genetic drift alone.
critics purport that these documents show direct involvement in the study by the witherspoon institute.	critics argue that these documents show direct involvement in the study by the witherspoon institute.
dreamend is the main musical output of ryan graveface, graveface records owner/sole employee and guitarist/bassist for psychedelic oddballs black moth super rainbow (bmsr).	dreamend is the main musical output of ryan graveface, graveface records owner/sole employee and guitarist/bassist for psychedelic band black moth super rainbow (bmsr).
the spanish civil war was a major conflict in spain that started after an attempted coup d'tat by a group of spanish army generals, supported by the fascist falange espaola de las j.o.n.s., against the government of the second spanish republic.	the spanish civil war was a major conflict in spain that started after an attempted coup d'tat by a group of spanish army generals, supported by the falange espaola de las j.o.n.s., against the government of the second spanish republic.
after a heavily-publicized campaign, day surprisingly came in first on the june 24 first ballot with about 44% of the vote, in front of former reform party leader preston manning and prominant ontario tory strategist tom long.	after a heavily-publicized campaign, day came in first on the june 24 first ballot with about 44% of the vote, in front of former reform party leader preston manning and prominant ontario tory strategist tom long.
chipotle mexican grill (nyse: cmg) is a denver, colorado-based chain of restaurants specializing in gourmet san francisco burritos and tacos.	chipotle mexican grill (nyse: cmg) is a denver, colorado-based chain of restaurants specializing in san francisco burritos and tacos.
the siege of the church of the nativity in bethlehem occurred during the april/may 2002 israeli operation defensive shield in the occupied west bank.	the siege of the church of the nativity in bethlehem occurred during the april/may 2002 israeli operation defensive shield in the disputed area of the west bank.
quinton's first lead role staring as baltimore ravens offensive tackle michael oher, alongside sandra bullock and tim mcgraw in the blind side, which was released on november 20, 2009. directed by john lee hancock, the film was adapted from michael lewis's 2006 book, the blind side: evolution of a game, which features the inspiring real-life story of michael oher.	quinton's first lead role staring as baltimore ravens offensive tackle michael oher, alongside sandra bullock and tim mcgraw in the blind side, which was released on november 20, 2009. directed by john lee hancock, the film was adapted from michael lewis's 2006 book, the blind side: evolution of a game, which features the real-life story of michael oher.
since independence, bolivia has lost over half of its territory to neighboring countries due to horrible wars.	since independence, bolivia has lost over half of its territory to neighboring countries due to wars.
the two-tiered shield will be able to intercept any incoming missile launched 5,000 kilometers away.	the two-tiered shield should be able to intercept any incoming missile launched 5,000 kilometers away.
the armenian revolutionary federation (arf or ') ( hay heghapokhakan dashnaktsutiun or hay heghapokhagan tashnagtsutiun, dashnak or tashnag''''') is an armenian political party founded in tiflis (tbilisi in modern day georgia) in 1890 by christapor mikaelian, stepan zorian, and simon zavarian.	the armenian revolutionary federation (arf or ') ( hay heghapokhakan dashnaktsutiun or hay heghapokhagan tashnagtsutiun, dashnak or tashnag''''') is a radical armenian political party founded in tiflis (tbilisi in modern day georgia) in 1890 by christapor mikaelian, stepan zorian, and simon zavarian.
this 4.2-mile stretch of the guadalupe river is bordered by scenic soft banks rather than the limestone bluffs of the hill country.	this 4.2-mile stretch of the guadalupe river is bordered by soft banks rather than the limestone bluffs of the hill country.
in europe, health freedom movement writers and campaigners fear that european union (eu) laws such as the food supplements directive, the traditional herbal medicinal products directive,	in europe, health freedom movement writers and campaigners believe that european union (eu) laws such as the food supplements directive, the traditional herbal medicinal products directive,
the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated terrorist attacks carried out in the united states on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with al-qaeda, a network of militant islamist organizations, hijacked four commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated attacks carried out in the united states on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with al-qaeda, a network of militant islamist organizations, hijacked four commercial airliners.
1833: the united kingdom sent a naval task force to the falkland /malvinas islands to request that argentine forces leave the islands.	1833: the united kingdom sent a naval task force to the falkland islands to request that argentine forces leave the islands.
the first series of frontline was, sadly , the final screen role for renowned musician and actor bruno lawrence, who played the fictional series' devious, golf-loving producer, brian thompson.	the first series of frontline was, unfortunately , the final screen role for renowned musician and actor bruno lawrence, who played the fictional series' devious, golf-loving producer, brian thompson.
some pseudo- academic sources, such as the historical encyclopedia of world slavery, have described some irish indentured servants in the caribbean as slaves.	some academic sources, such as the historical encyclopedia of world slavery, have described some irish indentured servants in the caribbean as slaves.
although much criticism of guevara and his crumbling legacy emanates from the political center and right, there has also been criticism from other political groups such as anarchists and civil libertarians, some of whom considered guevara an authoritarian anti-working class stalinist, whose goal was the creation of a more bureaucratic state-stalinist regime.	although much criticism of guevara and his legacy emanates from the political center and right, there has also been criticism from other political groups such as anarchists and civil libertarians, some of whom considered guevara an authoritarian anti-working class stalinist, whose goal was the creation of a more bureaucratic state-stalinist regime.
the summit, accessible by auto via a road intersecting with route 32, features an observation tower from which can be seen breathtaking views of major portions of the mid hudson valley, including the newburgh beacon bridge in its entirely, much of dutchess county across the hudson, and major portions of stewart airport to the southwest, as well as much of the city of newburgh and town of new windsor.	the summit, accessible by auto via a road intersecting with route 32, features an observation tower from which can be seen extensive views of major portions of the mid hudson valley, including the newburgh beacon bridge in its entirely, much of dutchess county across the hudson, and major portions of stewart airport to the southwest, as well as much of the city of newburgh and town of new windsor.
this artistic grown garment confronts people with the moral implications of wearing parts of dead animals for protective and aesthetic reasons and confronts notions of relationships with manipulated living systems.	this artistic grown garment is intended to confront people with the moral implications of wearing parts of dead animals for protective and aesthetic reasons and confronts notions of relationships with manipulated living systems.
"joseph ""joe"" satriani (born july 15, 1956) is an american virtuoso instrumental rock guitarist, multi-instrumentalist and multiple grammy award nominee."	"joseph ""joe"" satriani (born july 15, 1956) is an american instrumental rock guitarist, multi-instrumentalist and multiple grammy award nominee."
in the name of orthodox christianity the cossacks massacred a huge number of jews, roman catholics and uniates during the years 1648–1649.	in the name of orthodox christianity the cossacks killed a huge number of jews, roman catholics and uniates during the years 1648–1649.
both the outgoing archbishop of canterbury, george carey, and his successor, rowan williams, spoke out forcefully against war with iraq.	both the outgoing archbishop of canterbury, george carey, and his successor, rowan williams, spoke out against war with iraq.
fattahs priority is ensuring that small and medium businesses have the tools they need to prosper in an increasingly competitive global marketplace.	fattah states that his priority is ensuring that small and medium businesses have the tools they need to prosper in an increasingly competitive global marketplace.
the character of neely o'hara with her excess of talent and self destructive tendency to submerse herself in a world of drugs and alcohol is said to be based upon judy garland, who was originally cast as helen lawson in the film version, until her unpredictable behaviour led to her dismissal.	the character of neely o'hara with her excess of talent and self destructive tendency to submerse herself in a world of drugs including alcohol is said to be based upon judy garland, who was originally cast as helen lawson in the film version, until her unpredictable behaviour led to her dismissal.
a zogby poll on april 1st asked fairer questions and found that 79% thought the patient should not have food and water taken away while only 9 percent said yes.	a zogby poll on april 1st asked different questions and found that 79% thought the patient should not have food and water taken away while only 9 percent said yes.
despite wilno's population consisting mostly of poles, the lithuanian nationalist government in kaunas, which viewed the town as the traditional capital of the grand duchy of lithuania, saw the polish victory as a simple occupation.	despite wilno's population consisting mostly of poles, the lithuanian government in kaunas, which viewed the town as the traditional capital of the grand duchy of lithuania, saw the polish victory as a simple occupation.
iyer (tamil : malayalam:) is the common designation given to upper-caste brahmins of tamil or telugu origin who adhere to and sometimes profess the advaita philosophy propounded by adi shankara .	iyer (tamil : malayalam:) is the common designation given to hindu brahmins of tamil or telugu origin who adhere to and sometimes profess the advaita philosophy propounded by adi shankara .
this use of the word dialect is often taken as pejorative by the speakers of the languages referred to since it is often accompanied by the erroneous belief that the minority language is lacking in vocabulary, grammar, or importance.	this use of the word dialect is often taken as pejorative by the speakers of the languages referred to since it is often accompanied by the belief that the minority language is lacking in vocabulary, grammar, or importance.
the effectiveness of abstinence programs and movements remains doubtful .	the effectiveness of abstinence programs and movements remains debated .
the red army eventually grew to form the largest army in history from the 1940s until the collapse of the soviet union in 1991, although china's people's liberation army may have eclipsed the red army in size during some periods.	the red army eventually grew to form the largest army in history from the 1940s until the collapse of the soviet union in 1991, although china's people's liberation army may have exceeded the red army in size during some periods.
immediate annexation was prevented by the eloquent speech given by president grover cleveland to congress at this time, in which he stated that:	immediate annexation was prevented by the speech given by president grover cleveland to congress at this time, in which he stated that:
in the 1971 film, they are potrayed as grotesque orange-skinned, green-haired humanoid alien creatures in overalls.	in the 1971 film, they are potrayed as orange-skinned, green-haired humanoid alien creatures in overalls.
in this role, bastico was a target of giulio douhet in recapitulation (published with the infamous work the command of the air).	in this role, bastico was a target of giulio douhet in recapitulation (published with the work the command of the air).
he was one of the most prominent french financiers and collectors, becoming the treasurer to the king in paris, and gradually acquiring a magnificent collection of pictures, old master drawings and objets d'art.	he was one of the most prominent french financiers and collectors, becoming the treasurer to the king in paris, and gradually acquiring a notable collection of pictures, old master drawings and objets d'art.
growing up eight years robert's junior, frank was constantly in the shadow of his brilliant brother.	growing up eight years robert's junior, frank was constantly in the shadow of his brother.
the defendants had collated a dossier of evidence that outlined the links between edo corp and war crimes which included statements given by witnesses and bombing victims from palestine.	the defendants had collated a dossier of evidence that outlined alleged links between edo corp and war crimes which included statements given by witnesses and bombing victims from palestine.
pakorn started with the bingo unrules and continued with ooriest, ebriate and the spectacular triple-triple paludine.	pakorn started with the bingo unrules and continued with ooriest, ebriate and the triple-triple paludine.
hispanics, portuguese, and italian people may or may not be considered white, based on regional backgrounds (basque spaniards and northern italians may be accepted while sicilians and mestizos aren't).	hispanics, portuguese, and italian people may or may not be considered white, based on regional backgrounds (basque s and northern italians may be accepted while sicilians and mestizos aren't).
in september 1948 communist forces launched the battle of jinan and wang was captured and held as prisoner of war until his pardon in 1959. during the cultural revolution he was under attack by the red guards for being a former nationalist commander and died of abuse in 1968.	in september 1948 communist forces launched the battle of jinan and wang was captured and held as prisoner of war until his pardon in 1959. during the cultural revolution he was under attack by the red guards for being a former nationalist commander and died of a heart attack in 1968.
stick fighting has proven to be insanely dangerous because people have died from being hit in the stomach.	stick fighting has proven to be dangerous because people have died from being hit in the stomach.
the band had released three albums (destroyer, rock and roll over, and love gun) since the previous live outing, the seminal 1975 release alive!, and the band drew upon the variety of new tracks, with eddie kramer producing.	the band had released three albums (destroyer, rock and roll over, and love gun) since the previous live outing, the 1975 release alive!, and the band drew upon the variety of new tracks, with eddie kramer producing.
"comedienne esther povitsky played a receptionist at an exclusive private school in the 3rd episode titled ""favorite socks""."	"comedian esther povitsky played a receptionist at an exclusive private school in the 3rd episode titled ""favorite socks""."
one of todd hollands best work is working as the head director of the larry sanders show.	one of todd hollands work is working as the head director of the larry sanders show.
windows explorer has changed since windows xp.	windows explorer has changed significantly from windows xp.
the station at alton remains entirely in tact, although privately owned, and the cvr/m&cr may operate into an all-new terminus in this pretty village.	the station at alton remains entirely in tact, although privately owned, and the cvr/m&cr may operate into an all-new terminus in this village.
in may 2006, as part of an unprecedented $448.7-million line-item veto of state funding, bush slashed a total of $5.8 million in grants to public libraries, pilot projects for library homework help and web-based high-school texts, and funding for a joint-use library in tampa.	in may 2006, as part of an unprecedented $448.7-million line-item veto of state funding, bush cut a total of $5.8 million in grants to public libraries, pilot projects for library homework help and web-based high-school texts, and funding for a joint-use library in tampa.
1978 - topher grace, american wonderful actor	1978 - topher grace, american actor
the state of texas seceded from the united states on february 1 , 1861 , and joined the confederate states of america on march 2 , 1861 , replacing its governor, sam houston, when he refused to take an oath of allegiance to the confederacy.	the state of texas declared its secession from the united states on february 1, 1861, and joined the confederate states of america on march 2, 1861, replacing its governor, sam houston, when he refused to take an oath of allegiance to the confederacy.
"peta's radical philosophy is ""animals are not ours to eat, wear, experiment on, or use for entertainment."""	"peta's philosophy is ""animals are not ours to eat, wear, experiment on, or use for entertainment."""
the croatian and bosnian sides in particular claimed that the establishment of such a state was the end ambition of the serbian leadership, and included this claim in their respective wartime propaganda campaigns.	the croatian and bosnian sides in particular claimed that the establishment of such a state was the end ambition of the serbian leadership, and included this claim in their respective wartime campaigns.
it is projected that clinton will take 139 delegates and sanders will take 108. controversy erupted after it was revealed that up to 125,000 voters were taken off the voting rolls in brooklyn.	it is projected that clinton will take 139 delegates and sanders will take 108. controversy erupted after it was thought that up to 125,000 voters were taken off the voting rolls in brooklyn.
at present, lionel continues to offer high-quality model and toy trains.	at present , lionel continues to offer model and toy trains.
the english language version features a powerful score by american composer bernard herrmann.	the english language version features a score by american composer bernard herrmann.
an unwashed member of the warrior caste would not have been received as a guest by such famous houses as honda, ogasawara and hosokawa.	an unwashed member of the warrior caste would not have been received as a guest by such houses as honda, ogasawara and hosokawa.
the results of the fifteen by-elections were trumpeted by unionists as a rejection of the agreement by the northern irish electorate, but did not succeed in repealing it.	the results of the fifteen by-elections were cited by unionists as a rejection of the agreement by the northern irish electorate, but did not succeed in repealing it.
after reducing the staff by about 25% and cancelling many essential projects, claypool began to work with businesses.	after reducing the staff by about 25% and cancelling many projects, claypool began to work with businesses.
brian harold may cbe (born july 19, 1947) is the virtuoso guitarist for the english rock band queen.	brian harold may cbe (born july 19, 1947) is the guitarist for the english rock band queen.
it's about time is the first solo album released by talented session drummer manu katch.	it's about time is the first solo album released by session drummer manu katch.
esterina tartman (hebrew: , born 9 november, 1957) is an israeli politician and has been a member of the knesset since 2006 on behalf of the right-wing russian immigrant israel beytenu party.	esterina tartman (hebrew: , born 9 november, 1957) is an israeli politician and has been a member of the knesset since 2006 on behalf of the russian immigrant israel beytenu party.
planned parenthood argues for the wide availability of emergency contraception (ec) measures, and opposes so-called conscience clauses which sanction pharmacists' refusal to provide fda-approved contraceptive medication.	planned parenthood argues for the wide availability of emergency contraception (ec) measures, and opposes conscience clauses which sanction pharmacists' refusal to provide fda-approved contraceptive medication.
ronald eldon wyatt (1933 - august 4, 1999) was a controversial self-styled archaeologist (he had no training in the discipline and held no professional position) who has found many significant biblical sites and artifacts.	ronald eldon wyatt (1933 - august 4, 1999) was a controversial self-styled archaeologist (he had no training in the discipline and held no professional position) who claimed to have found many significant biblical sites and artifacts.
he went into hiding on guam in 1944, when douglas macarthur's army liberated the island.	he went into hiding on guam in 1944, when douglas macarthur's army reconquered the island.
stefani joanne angelina germanotta (born march 28, 1986), better known by her stage name lady gaga, is an american recording artist.	stefani joanne angelina germanotta (born march 28, 1986), known by her stage name lady gaga, is an american recording artist.
this is deservedly so much prized that even where reform judaism has abolished the recital of the chaldaic text, the air is often preserved, in association with some other passage.	this is so much prized that even where reform judaism has abolished the recital of the chaldaic text, the air is often preserved, in association with some other passage.
"an act to institute ""loser pays"" laws (h.r.988, passed 232-193, 3/7/95), limits on punitive damages and reform of product liability laws to prevent what republicans considered frivolous litigation (h.r.956, passed 265-161, 3/10/95)."	"an act to institute ""loser pays"" laws (h.r.988, passed 232-193, 3/7/95), limits on punitive damages and reform of product liability laws to prevent what the bill considered frivolous litigation (h.r.956, passed 265-161, 3/10/95)."
trials, recantations, and martyrdom (15531556)	trials, recantations, and death (15531556)
the town only has one secondary school, twickenham academy, which is part of the richmond west schools trust.	the town has one secondary school, twickenham academy, which is part of the richmond west schools trust.
khenchen rinpoche has received the honorable bharat jyoti award, bharat gaurav award (pride of india) and certificate of excellence award for his services, performance, and responsibilities.	khenchen rinpoche has received the bharat jyoti award, bharat gaurav award (pride of india) and certificate of excellence award for his services, performance, and responsibilities.
houston was assistant manager to george graham at arsenal from 1990, and was twice the club's caretaker-manager: first for three months in 1995 after graham's sacking in february 1995. houston took his team to the final of the cup winners' cup, but the gunners lost to a spectacular last-minute goal from nayim.	houston was assistant manager to george graham at arsenal from 1990, and was twice the club's caretaker-manager: first for three months in 1995 after graham's sacking in february 1995. houston took his team to the final of the cup winners' cup, but the gunners lost to a last-minute goal from nayim.
american church historian and apologist james r. white brought the phrase to wider public attention in 1995 when he published the king james only controversy.	american church historian and james r. white brought the phrase to wider public attention in 1995 when he published the king james only controversy.
rca red seal records is a prestigious classical music label and is now part of sony bmg masterworks.	rca red seal records is a classical music label and is now part of sony bmg masterworks.
guitarist tom morello displays his mastery of guitar effects in the solo, which sounds like a harmonica.	guitarist tom morello displays his skills of guitar effects in the solo, which sounds like a harmonica.
the histrionic hungarian actress, ilka plmay, who had been engaged for the grand duke and was still under contract to carte, played felice, a role that gave her many opportunities to display her talents as ballad singer, opera soprano and comedienne .	the histrionic hungarian actress, ilka plmay, who had been engaged for the grand duke and was still under contract to carte, played felice, a role that gave her many opportunities to display her talents as ballad singer, opera soprano and comedian .
this beautiful small town, lies by the railroad line lusaka-ndola.	this small town, lies by the railroad line lusaka-ndola.
red drum, spotted seatrout, common snook, and the formidable tarpon are the main gamefish sought by anglers in the lagoon system.	red drum, spotted seatrout, common snook, and the tarpon are the main gamefish sought by anglers in the lagoon system.
ptolemaida was released by greek forces on october 15 1912.	ptolemaida was taken by greek forces on october 15 1912.
tigre is also the starting point for a visit to the magnificent paran delta.	tigre is also the starting point for a visit to the paran delta.
steel is a 1997 american superhero film based on the pseudo-popular dc comics character john henry irons, who first appeared in 1993 during the reign of the supermen!	steel is a 1997 american superhero film based on the dc comics character john henry irons, who first appeared in 1993 during the reign of the supermen!
she was appointed to the unelected canadian senate on june 13, 2001, on the advice of prime minister jean chrtien.	she was appointed to the canadian senate on june 13, 2001, on the advice of prime minister jean chrtien.
some people will refer to hardcore dancing as moshing incorrectly though some just refer to it as another type of moshing.	some people will refer to hardcore dancing as moshing though some just refer to it as another type of moshing.
chamish believes that some strokes and several cases of cancer in key individuals in opposition to oslo are part of a grand conspiracy led by the council on foreign relations and their members.	chamish claims that some strokes and several cases of cancer in key individuals in opposition to oslo are part of a grand conspiracy led by the council on foreign relations and their members.
the stunning meltdown of the top wall street investment bank bear stearns (global insight, the world's largest economics organization) upped the chances of a worse-than-expected recession to 40 percent (up from 25 percent odds before the crash of bear stearns), and stubbornly persistent financial market turbulence signaled that the crisis will be not mild and brief.	the meltdown of the top wall street investment bank bear stearns (global insight, the world's largest economics organization) upped the chances of a worse-than-expected recession to 40 percent (up from 25 percent odds before the crash of bear stearns), and stubbornly persistent financial market turbulence signaled that the crisis will be not mild and brief.
other accessibility features include wide entrances and interior gangways for wheelchairs and strollers ; brightly colored interior fittings; and clear destination displays to aid the visually impaired.	other accessibility features include wide entrances and interior gangways for wheelchairs and baby carriages ; brightly colored interior fittings; and clear destination displays to aid the visually impaired.
in 1806, the honourable east india company, a private company that ruled only in india, established a college, the east india company college, near london.	in 1806, the east india company, a private company that ruled only in india, established a college, the east india company college, near london.
other tourism related facilities include the mega shopping and entertainment mall known as sunway pyramid, a popular theme park known as sunway lagoon and many beverage and entertainment outlets and other leisure facilities.	other tourism related facilities include the mega shopping and entertainment mall known as sunway pyramid, a theme park known as sunway lagoon and many beverage and entertainment outlets and other leisure facilities.
the most notable instance of violence during this war was the tragic mountain meadows massacre, in which leaders of a local mormon militia ordered the massacre of a civilian emigrant party that was traveling through utah during the escalating military tensions.	the most notable instance of violence during this war was the mountain meadows massacre, in which leaders of a local mormon militia ordered the massacre of a civilian emigrant party that was traveling through utah during the escalating military tensions.
dr hugo lentz, austrian mechanical engineer and ingenious inventor.	dr hugo lentz, austrian mechanical engineer and inventor.
however, they believe aisha had already undergone puberty before the marriage was consumated, noting that early marriages were not abnormal until relatively recent times, but the standard practice was to wait until the bride had become adolescent before consummating the marriage.	however, they believe aisha had already undergone puberty before the marriage was consumated, arguing that early marriages were not abnormal until relatively recent times, but the standard practice was to wait until the bride had become adolescent before consummating the marriage.
why we fight, a series of world war ii documentary films	why we fight, a series of world war ii propaganda films
the lochearnhead, st fillans and comrie railway company was formed to build a line along the picturesque valley of strathearn, closing the gap between the callander and oban line of the caledonian railway and crieff.	the lochearnhead, st fillans and comrie railway company was formed to build a line along the valley of strathearn, closing the gap between the callander and oban line of the caledonian railway and crieff.
tay (bot), a chatbot released by microsoft in 2016 that was hacked by users of 4chan's /pol/ (politically incorrect) board, forcing microsoft to shut it down after 16 hours	tay (bot), a chatbot released by microsoft in 2016 that was targeted by users of 4chan's /pol/ (politically incorrect) board, forcing microsoft to shut it down after 16 hours
some hate groups use the southern cross as one of the symbols associated with their organizations, including racist groups such as the neo-nazis and the ku klux klan.	some groups use the southern cross as one of the symbols associated with their organizations, including racist groups such as the neo-nazis and the ku klux klan.
gizmo project was initiated and built by a talented team of engineers and product managers including jeff bonforte, prasad mahendra, matthew reilly, chris silverberg, erik martin, and roland krikava.	gizmo project was initiated and built by a team of engineers and product managers including jeff bonforte, prasad mahendra, matthew reilly, chris silverberg, erik martin, and roland krikava.
bina agarwal and other feminist economists have critiqued the mainstream model and contributed to a robust understanding of intrahousehold bargaining power.	bina agarwal and other feminist economists have critiqued the mainstream model and contributed to a better understanding of intrahousehold bargaining power.
during his time in formula 3, wurz famously crashed out of the lead at a race at avus in 1995 after a collision with the safety car.	during his time in formula 3, wurz crashed out of the lead at a race at avus in 1995 after a collision with the safety car.
today sjg publishes games of various varieties (card games, board games, strategy games) and genres (fantasy, sci-fi, gothic horror); they also publish the book principia discordia, the not-so- sacred text of the discordian religion.	today sjg publishes games of various varieties (card games, board games, strategy games) and genres (fantasy, sci-fi, gothic horror); they also publish the book principia discordia, the sacred text of the discordian religion.
dame helen anne alexander (born 10 february 1957) is a leading british businesswoman.	dame helen anne alexander (born 10 february 1957) is a british businesswoman.
a new club in hamilton, ontario, that is gaining favor due to its small size and true blues joint feel is boon's house: rockin' blues lounge.	a new club in hamilton, ontario, that is gaining favor due to its small size and blues joint feel is boon's house: rockin' blues lounge.
- on may 19, reports emerged that an indian soldier named sepoy bhikale uttam balu of the 2 maratha light infantry (mli) was martyred in an encounter with terrorists near the line of control in nathua tibba area of akhnoor	- on may 19, reports emerged that an indian soldier named sepoy bhikale uttam balu of the 2 maratha light infantry (mli) was killed in an encounter with terrorists near the line of control in nathua tibba area of akhnoor
albert died soon after, and queen victoria blamed her husband's death on worry over prince edward's philandering .	albert died soon after, and queen victoria blamed her husband's death on worry over prince edward's conduct .
is a british sketch show written and performed by leigh francis, known for its often deeply surreal, abstract toilet humour, which lampoons popular culture.	is a british sketch show written and performed by leigh francis, known for its often surreal, abstract toilet humour, which lampoons popular culture.
supermodel alek wek receiving make-up from a professional.	model alek wek receiving make-up from a professional.
kousagi is a non-canonical fictional character from the sailor moon manga and appears in the naoko takeuchi materials collection, whose first printing was in january, 1999 (second printing march, 1999).	kousagi is a fictional character from the sailor moon manga and appears in the naoko takeuchi materials collection, whose first printing was in january, 1999 (second printing march, 1999).
in koin greek (from which all others are directly or indirectly translated):	in koin greek (from which most others are directly or indirectly translated):
the game features wi-fi multiplayer and the ability to choose easy or normal difficulty settings, a feature sorely missing from the european release of the original ps2 game.	the game features wi-fi multiplayer and the ability to choose easy or normal difficulty settings, a feature missing from the european release of the original ps2 game.
volen siderov (journalist and fascist politician)	volen siderov (journalist and politician)
hugh laurie is an exceptional musician, but he did not write the opening theme.	hugh laurie is an accomplished musician, but he did not write the opening theme.
continuous level of detail (lod) is designed to improve performance by dynamically adjusting visual detail as tressfx-enabled objects move towards and away from the players pov .	continuous level of detail (lod) is designed to improve performance by dynamically adjusting visual detail as tressfx-enabled objects move towards and away from the players point of view .
if this decay results in a situation where the all of the genes are now required, the organism has been trapped in a new state where the number of genes has increased.	if this decay results in a situation where all of the genes are now required, the organism has been trapped in a new state where the number of genes has increased.
it is one of the most prominent organizations that discusses and fights the emerging world governing system.	it is one of the most prominent organizations that discusses and fights what they claim is an emerging world governing system.
"because many young readers are interested in his books, brandon crosses the country talking to students, with the vapid message that ""imagination can take you places."""	"because many young readers are interested in his books, brandon crosses the country talking to students, with the message that ""imagination can take you places."""
there are likely less than 7000 protestants remaining .	there are likely less than 7000 protestants.
her biggest career disappointment also occurred this year where needing only a 5th place finish at the world cup final to win the season super g title she went off course and heartbreakingly lost the discipline title to hilde gerg.	her biggest career disappointment also occurred this year where needing only a 5th place finish at the world cup final to win the season super g title she went off course and lost the discipline title to hilde gerg.
the dating of the control pieces, originally set to remain unknown, was unfortunately published by vatican daily newspaper osservatore romano on april 23.	the dating of the control pieces, originally set to remain unknown, was published by vatican daily newspaper osservatore romano on april 23.
he is a right-hand batsman and bowls a leg break googly, however, he usually occupies the position of wicketkeeper.	he is an aggressive right-hand batsman and bowls a leg break googly, however, he usually occupies the position of wicketkeeper.
the core belief of this party is that, if more regular citizens running for office, the our republic will be more responsive to issues.	the core belief of this party is that, if more regular citizens running for office, the republic will be more responsive to issues.
epen has produced rich student performance data, at question level, which edexcel has made available to schools through its results analysis service (ras) and forms the basis of a new service to schools and students - resultsplus.	epen has produced student performance data, at question level, which edexcel has made available to schools through its results analysis service (ras) and forms the basis of a new service to schools and students - resultsplus.
awaz sayeed was a hadhrami arab by descent belonging to a respectable family of hyderabad deccan, with roots in mukallah in hadhramaut (present-day yemen).	awaz sayeed was a hadhrami arab by descent belonging to a family of hyderabad deccan, with roots in mukallah in hadhramaut (present-day yemen).
wolf isaac ladejinsky (march 15, 1899 july 3, 1975) was an influential american agricultural economist and researcher, serving first in the united states department of agriculture, then the ford foundation and later the world bank.	wolf isaac ladejinsky (march 15, 1899 july 3, 1975) was an american agricultural economist and researcher, serving first in the united states department of agriculture, then the ford foundation and later the world bank.
in 1987 rough sands became a part of the united kingdom under provisions of the territorial sea act 1987. management of the coastal sea bed from the shoreline then became the property of the crown estate, which traces its own history back to the 1689 and the so-called english bill of rights.	in 1987 rough sands became a part of the united kingdom under provisions of the territorial sea act 1987. management of the coastal sea bed from the shoreline then became the property of the crown estate, which traces its own history back to the 1689 and the english bill of rights.
in 1998 tveitan formed, along with his wife heidi tveitan (aka ihriel), the highly experimental project peccatum.	in 1998 tveitan formed, along with his wife heidi tveitan (aka ihriel), the more experimental project peccatum.
obie trice is a rapper born in detroit, michigan on november 14, 1977. on october 5, 1998 he became the loving father of his only daughter, kobie.	obie trice is a rapper born in detroit, michigan on november 14, 1977. on october 5, 1998 he became the father of his only daughter, kobie.
he was successful on the road racing circuit as well, winning the prestigious peachtree road race in 1977 and the falmouth road race in 1975 and 1976.	he was successful on the road racing circuit as well, winning the peachtree road race in 1977 and the falmouth road race in 1975 and 1976.
though many nations opposed the war, none openly supported saddam hussein's government, none volunteered any assistance to the iraqi side or even tried to justify or legitimize his resistance.	though many nations opposed the war, none openly supported saddam hussein's government, none volunteered any assistance to the iraqi side or tried to justify or legitimize his resistance.
"popular dvd review site ign notes that ""there are serious issues with the 1.85:1 anamorphic transfer"" on the dvd version of the film, in particular some scenes are ""dark and indistinct"", with poor shadow detail and a lack of sharpness throughout."	"dvd review site ign notes that ""there are serious issues with the 1.85:1 anamorphic transfer"" on the dvd version of the film, in particular some scenes are ""dark and indistinct"", with poor shadow detail and a lack of sharpness throughout."
millfield theatre opened in 1988 in the beautiful grounds of millfield house on silver street in edmonton, north london.	millfield theatre opened in 1988 in the grounds of millfield house on silver street in edmonton, north london.
through his family's business, reed became a prominent typefounder, and wrote a classic history of the old english letter foundries.	through his family's business, reed became a prominent typefounder, and wrote a standard work: history of the old english letter foundries.
according to a census carried out by the turkish cypriot administration, the trnc has a population of about 264,172, of which only just over half is composed of indigenous turkish cypriots, with the rest including a large number of colonizers from turkey.	according to a census carried out by the turkish cypriot administration, the trnc has a population of about 264,172, of which only just over half is composed of indigenous turkish cypriots, with the rest including a large number of settlers from turkey.
in march 2009 the sunday times revealed that lord myners had been chairman of aspen insurance holdings, a bermuda-based insurance company, for five years, avoiding more than 100 million a year in tax.	in march 2009 the sunday times reported that lord myners had been chairman of aspen insurance holdings, a bermuda-based insurance company, for five years, avoiding more than 100 million a year in tax.
the film was scored by jazz great herbie hancock.	the film was scored by jazz pianist herbie hancock.
obviously this is an undesirable condition in life-critical systems such as aircraft or heavy machinery.	some believe that this is an undesirable condition in life-critical systems such as aircraft or heavy machinery.
claiming that the proponents were unlikely to succeed in this appeal, walker rejected the stay request on october 23. regardless, the proponents continued to assert a first amendment privilege over these documents, a sampling of which walker reviewed privately.	stating that the proponents were unlikely to succeed in this appeal, walker rejected the stay request on october 23. regardless, the proponents continued to assert a first amendment privilege over these documents, a sampling of which walker reviewed privately.
many scientists argue that common racial classifications are insufficient, inaccurate, or biologically meaningless.	some scientists argue that common racial classifications are insufficient, inaccurate, or biologically meaningless.
judy canova (1913-1983), american comedienne , actress, singer and radio personality	judy canova (1913-1983), american comedian , actress, singer and radio personality
after the u.s. supreme court declined to hear the case, federal agents seized gonzlez from his relatives and returned him to cuba in june 2000.	after the u.s. supreme court declined to hear the case, federal agents took gonzlez from his relatives and returned him to cuba in june 2000.
"in the episode, liberal political commentator keith olbermann accused 24 of being ""propaganda designed to keep people thinking about domestic terrorism to keep us scared""."	"in the episode, political commentator keith olbermann accused 24 of being ""propaganda designed to keep people thinking about domestic terrorism to keep us scared""."
in july 2008, legendary oilman turned wind-farm developer, t. boone pickens, called for the u.s. to invest $1 trillion to build an additional 200,000 mw of wind power nameplate capacity in the plains, as part of his pickens plan.	in july 2008, oilman turned wind-farm developer, t. boone pickens, called for the u.s. to invest $1 trillion to build an additional 200,000 mw of wind power nameplate capacity in the plains, as part of his pickens plan.
the race was conducted in appalling weather conditions, resulting in the slowest winning time in over sixty years.	the race was conducted in very difficult weather conditions, resulting in the slowest winning time in over sixty years.
the bill protects americans against discrimination based on their genetic information when it comes to health insurance and employment.	the bill aims to protect americans against discrimination based on their genetic information when it comes to health insurance and employment.
the region was occupied by croatian serb army from 1991 to 1995. today, the economic situation is slowly improving, but still there is a quite large tendency of emigration from this agricultural region with its many hills.	the region was held by croatian serb army from 1991 to 1995. today, the economic situation is slowly improving, but still there is a quite large tendency of emigration from this agricultural region with its many hills.
ironically, and sadly , the damage to his brain left him fully conscious and aware but unable to read or write.	ironically, and unfortunately , the damage to his brain left him fully conscious and aware but unable to read or write.
washington inherited slaves at age 11 and officially supported other slaveholders as late as 1793. he eventually became troubled with slavery, however, and he freed all his slaves in his will in 1799. he is renowned for his religious toleration while his religious beliefs have been debated.	washington inherited slaves at age 11 and officially supported other slaveholders as late as 1793. he eventually became troubled with slavery, however, and he freed all his slaves in his will in 1799. he is widely known for his religious toleration while his religious beliefs have been debated.
the site contains many torrents which point to copies of copyright-protected material.	the site contains also torrents which point to copies of copyright-protected material.
another popular franchise is the soccer-sim winning eleven, which is extremely popular in latin america.	another successful franchise is the soccer-sim winning eleven, which is extremely popular in latin america.
william walker, briefly conqueror of nicaragua	william walker, briefly ruler of nicaragua
edgar de evia, prominent american photographer born in merida, yucatan aged 92	edgar de evia, american photographer born in merida, yucatan aged 92
in january 2005, noble joined australian comedienne terri psiakis in co-hosting ross and terri, the weekday lunch shift on national radio station triple j. following on from ross noble goes global, radio 4 broadcast a new series called ross noble on... during january to february 2007. the 4-episode series followed his 2006 uk tour, featuring performances in brighton, york, manchester and newcastle.	in january 2005, noble joined australian comedian terri psiakis in co-hosting ross and terri, the weekday lunch shift on national radio station triple j. following on from ross noble goes global, radio 4 broadcast a new series called ross noble on... during january to february 2007. the 4-episode series followed his 2006 uk tour, featuring performances in brighton, york, manchester and newcastle.
in recognition of her great contributions to franco-american historical relations, she was elected the first woman member of the history, letters, and arts section of the acadmie de marine.	in recognition of her contributions to franco-american historical relations, she was elected the first woman member of the history, letters, and arts section of the acadmie de marine.
the ioannis kapodistrias international airport, named after ioannis kapodistrias distinguished corfiot european diplomat and first governor of greece, is located around 3 kilometres south of corfu town, half a kilometre north of pontikonisi.	the ioannis kapodistrias international airport, named after ioannis kapodistrias , a corfiot european diplomat and first governor of greece, is located around 3 kilometres south of corfu town, half a kilometre north of pontikonisi.
the works are best described with plenty of irony; james lileks' clever analysis (see external link below) of frahm's work has brought it to the attention of many on the internet.	the works are best described with plenty of irony; james lileks' analysis (see external link below) of frahm's work has brought it to the attention of many on the internet.
in hong kong and china, night club is used as a euphemism for a hostess club, and the association of the term with the sex trade has driven out the innocent usage of the term.	in hong kong and china, night club is used as a euphemism for a hostess club, and the association of the term with the sex trade has driven out the regular usage of the term.
the most famous was masada, where, in 70-73 ad, a small group of rebellious jewish zealots held out against the might of the roman legion, and machaerus where, according to josephus, john the baptist was imprisoned by herod antipas and met his death.	the most famous was masada, where, in 70-73 ad, a small group of jewish zealots held out against the might of the roman legion, and machaerus where, according to josephus, john the baptist was imprisoned by herod antipas and met his death.
these motions allow the full westminster parliament, including the english, welsh, and ulster mps to vote on issues which are within the legislative competence the scottish parliament, this is normally done with the full consent of the scottish parliament in order to create a uniform position across the uk, by consensus (such as the civil partnerships act 2004 or the serious organised crime and police act 2005, the constitutional reform act 2005, the inquiries act 2005 and so on).	these motions allow the full westminster parliament, including the english, welsh, and ulster mps to vote on issues which are within the legislative competence the scottish parliament, this is done with the full consent of the scottish parliament in order to create a uniform position across the uk, by consensus (such as the civil partnerships act 2004 or the serious organised crime and police act 2005, the constitutional reform act 2005, the inquiries act 2005 and so on).
for every type of known atom, basher has created a cute cartoon, and for almost every type of known atom, dingle has written a couple paragraphs of facts to go with the cartoon.	for every type of known atom, basher has created a cartoon, and for almost every type of known atom, dingle has written a couple paragraphs of facts to go with the cartoon.
it is available for gnu/ linux, mac os x and windows.	it is available for linux, mac os x and windows.
before this time, most non-latino americans had never heard of ricky martin until his show-stopping performance of la copa de la vida at the 1999 grammy awards show, which became a catalyst in bringing latin pop to the forefront of the u.s. music scene.	before this time, most non-latino americans had never heard of ricky martin until his performance of la copa de la vida at the 1999 grammy awards show, which became a catalyst in bringing latin pop to the forefront of the u.s. music scene.
kate moss (born january 16 1974), is an english supermodel .known as one of the most iconic models in the world, she has appeared on over 300 magazine covers .	kate moss (born january 16 1974), is an english model .known as one of the most iconic models in the world , she has appeared on over 300 magazine covers .
sayyed hassan nasrallah (b. august 31 1960, burj hammud, beirut, lebanon) , is the current secretary general of the lebanese islamist party hezbollah.	hassan nasrallah (b. august 31 1960, burj hammud, beirut, lebanon) , is the current secretary general of the lebanese islamist party hezbollah.
sangam refers to mythical tamil academies, which according to tamil legends, enabled poets and authors to gather periodically to publish their work.	sangam refers to tamil academies, which according to tamil legends, enabled poets and authors to gather periodically to publish their work.
in a new peer-reviewed study using a traditional authorship method and a new pattern classification technique, several academics at stanford university concluded that the likely authors of the book of mormon were rigdon, spalding, and cowdery.	in a new peer-reviewed study using a traditional authorship method and a new pattern classification technique, several researchers at stanford university concluded that the likely authors of the book of mormon were rigdon, spalding, and cowdery.
the development will employ proper forest management practices, to enhance the forest ecosystem, and increase the treed cover on the site by 80 acres (32 hectares).	the development will employ proper forest management practices, to enhance the forest ecosystem, and increase the tree cover on the site by 80 acres (32 hectares).
the ideology of the ustae movement was a blend of nazism, islam , catholicism, and croatian ultranationalism.	the ideology of the ustae movement was a blend of nazism,, catholicism, and croatian ultranationalism.
on 11th february 2006, lambert resigned from livingston fc after overseeing a shocking run of results that had brought only two league wins since the start of the season and just 12 points from 26 games.	on 11th february 2006, lambert resigned from livingston fc after overseeing a bad run of results that had brought only two league wins since the start of the season and just 12 points from 26 games.
undeserved co-winner of an oscar for special effects (shared with logan's run).	it was co-winner of an oscar for special effects (shared with logan's run).
reflections; ) is a 1964 black-and-white turkish drama film, co-produced, co-written and directed by metin erksan based on a novel by necati cumal, featuring erol ta as a tobacco farmer, who selfishly dams a river to irrigate his own property and ruin his competitors.	reflections; ) is a 1964 black-and-white turkish drama film, co-produced, co-written and directed by metin erksan based on a novel by necati cumal, featuring erol ta as a tobacco farmer, who dams a river to irrigate his own property and ruin his competitors.
he also publishes a renowned blog, la rpublique des livres.	he also publishes a blog, la rpublique des livres.
the to in the infinitive construction, which is found throughout the germanic languages, is originally a preposition before the dative of a verbal noun, but in the modern languages it is best regarded as a particle which serves as a marker of the infinitive.	the to in the infinitive construction, which is found throughout the germanic languages, is originally a preposition before the dative of a verbal noun, but in the modern languages it is widely regarded as a particle which serves as a marker of the infinitive.
the rights for syncit.com was taken over by jack dean who runs sync2it.com, syncit.com and bookmarksync.com he has developed a new client for latest browsers including firefox and mac platform, and works to continue this unique service.	the rights for syncit.com was taken over by jack dean who runs sync2it.com, syncit.com and bookmarksync.com he has developed a new client for latest browsers including firefox and mac platform, and works to continue this service.
audiosurf is a hybrid game created by invisible handlebar, a personal company created by dylan fitterer.	audiosurf is an award-winning puzzle/rhythm hybrid game created by invisible handlebar, a personal company created by dylan fitterer.
"john edwards (businessman), a member of the infamous ""phoenix four"", who were involved in the mg rover buyout"	"john edwards (businessman), a member of the ""phoenix four"", who were involved in the mg rover buyout"
others, such as general billy mitchell in the united states, saw the potential of air power to neutralize the striking power of naval surface fleets (buckley 91).	others, such as general billy mitchell in the united states, saw the potential of air power to augment the striking power of naval surface fleets (buckley 91).
god of war iii is to be the fourth installment in the highly-popular god of war video game franchise.	god of war iii is to be the fourth installment in the god of war video game franchise.
the band is known for their enthusiastic live performances and their use of a large number of musical instruments; in addition to the guitar, drums, and bass guitar, the band's members also play instruments such as the piano, violin, and viola.	the band is known for their live performances and their use of a large number of musical instruments; in addition to the guitar, drums, and bass guitar, the band's members also play instruments such as the piano, violin, and viola.
ambassador naela chohan is a hyperpolyglot , feminist artist, and current ambassador of pakistan to australia and former ambassador of pakistan for latin america.	ambassador naela chohan is a polyglot , feminist artist, and current ambassador of pakistan to australia and former ambassador of pakistan for latin america.
our lady of la vang refers to a claimed marian apparition at a time when catholics were persecuted and killed in vietnam.	our lady of la vang refers to a reported marian apparition at a time when catholics were persecuted and killed in vietnam.
comedienne victoria wood (born 1953) was formerly a resident of silverdale.	comedian victoria wood (born 1953) was formerly a resident of silverdale.
lactase is added to lactose free milk to neutralize lactose naturally found in milk, leaving it slightly sweet but digestible by everyone.	lactase is added to lactose free milk to hydrolyze lactose naturally found in milk, leaving it slightly sweet but digestible by everyone.
tigrinya is also spoken by the eritreans in eritrea.	tigrinya is also spoken by the jeberti, muslim tigrinya in eritrea.
it was generally met with extremely bad reviews and considered a failure.	it was generally met with bad reviews and considered a failure.
the israelites' passover observance was the commemoration of their physical deliverance from bondage in egypt, whereas passover represents for most christians a spiritual deliverance from the slavery of sin and, since jesus' death, a memorial of the sacrifice that jesus has made for mankind .	the israelites' passover observance was the commemoration of their physical deliverance from bondage in egypt, whereas passover represents for most christians a spiritual deliverance from the slavery of sin and, since jesus' death, a memorial of the sacrifice that jesus has made for humankind .
josip joe imuni (born february 18, 1978) is an australian-born croatian football central defender.	josip joe imuni (born february 18, 1978) is an croatian football central defender.
referee bill harrigan deferred to the video referee who correctly ruled a penalty try on the grounds that contact had been made with the head, giving melbourne a 20-18 lead and the premiership title.	referee bill harrigan deferred to the video referee who ruled a penalty try on the grounds that contact had been made with the head, giving melbourne a 20-18 lead and the premiership title.
now there is also evidence of comcast using rst packets on groupware applications that have nothing to do with file sharing.	there is also evidence of comcast using rst packets on groupware applications that have nothing to do with file sharing.
arabs: historically arab traders were credited for the spread of islam in the indonesian archipelago.	arabs: historically arab traders were responsible for the spread of islam in the indonesian archipelago.
as a deathbed wish, 20 percent of her estate was to be given to leonor, her illegitimate child by corts.	as a deathbed wish, 20 percent of her estate was to be given to leonor, her out of wedlock child by corts.
ilya juan salkind dominguez (born august 27, 1947), usually known as ilya salkind, is a film and television producer, well known for his contributions to the live-action superman films of the 1970s and '80s alongside his father, alexander salkind.	ilya juan salkind dominguez (born august 27, 1947), usually known as ilya salkind, is a film and television producer, known for his contributions to the live-action superman films of the 1970s and '80s alongside his father, alexander salkind.
hollis ellsworth dann (may 1, 1861 january 3, 1939) was an influential american music educator and choral director during the early twentieth century.	hollis ellsworth dann (may 1, 1861 january 3, 1939) was an american music educator and choral director during the early twentieth century.
"the song "" beautifully explains what happens when valjean takes cosette from the inn and looks after her""."	"the song ""explains what happens when valjean takes cosette from the inn and looks after her""."
terracotta temple of bishnupur in bankura, one of the finest examples of the terracotta arts of india	terracotta temple of bishnupur in bankura, one of the older examples of the terracotta arts of india
in june 2010, the book achieved new notoriety by rising to the top of the amazon.com best seller list following extended coverage of the book on the glenn beck program.	in june 2010, the book achieved new popularity by rising to the top of the amazon.com best seller list following extended coverage of the book on the glenn beck program.
with views over the sea, the grounds open directly onto the south downs national park providing splendid walking, cycling and pony trekking opportunities for the girls.	with views over the sea, the grounds open directly onto the south downs national park providing walking, cycling and pony trekking opportunities for the girls.
asexuality is a general term or self-designation for people who lack sexual attraction or otherwise find sexual behavior unappealing.	asexuality is a general term or self-designation for people who do not exhibit sexual attraction or otherwise find sexual behavior unappealing.
a bottlenose dolphin caught in a drive hunt in the japanese town of futo convulsing after having its throat cut.	a bottlenose dolphin caught in a drive hunt in the japanese town of futo moving violently after having its throat cut.
sarah silverman, comedienne and actress	sarah silverman, comedian and actress
the suggested names were mullah mohammad yaqoob and sirajuddin haqqani, the latter being the most prominent member linked with the infamous haqqani network.	the suggested names were mullah mohammad yaqoob and sirajuddin haqqani, the latter being the most prominent member linked with the haqqani network.
the episode not only explores some fascinating aspects of b'elanna's character, but it also gives further insight into klingon mythology.	the episode not only explores some aspects of b'elanna's character, but it also gives further insight into klingon mythology.
is a controversial new religious and spiritual movement, founded in japan on 6 october 1986 by ryuho okawa, that is widely criticized as a cult.	is a controversial new religious and spiritual movement, founded in japan on 6 october 1986 by ryuho okawa, that is sometimes criticized as a cult.
on september 10, 2010, famed film critic roger ebert announced that he is returning to television on a movie review show that he is producing for public television.	on september 10, 2010, film critic roger ebert announced that he is returning to television on a movie review show that he is producing for public television.
anti-american slogans in the pro-russian rebel- controlled donetsk, ukraine, 9 may 2014	anti-american slogans in the pro-russian rebel- occupied donetsk, ukraine, 9 may 2014
"william ""billy"" james mitchell jr. (born july 17, 1965), is an american restaurateur, businessman, and disgraced competitive gamer."	"william ""billy"" james mitchell jr. (born july 17, 1965), is an american restaurateur, businessman, and former competitive gamer."
one advantage of moving up one is that it eliminates the extension of roman numerals over the generations: i.e., a john smith iii, iv, and v. a disadvantage is that it may cause confusion with respect to birth certificates, credit cards, and the like.	one effect of moving up one is that it eliminates the extension of roman numerals over the generations: i.e., a john smith iii, iv, and v. a disadvantage is that it may cause confusion with respect to birth certificates, credit cards, and the like.
35% of all the villas have been sold already , and the project is expected to be completed by the close of 2006. nearby properties include the jumeirah lake towers and palm jumeirah, both of which are also being built by al nakheel.	35% of all the villas have been sold, and the project is expected to be completed by the close of 2006. nearby properties include the jumeirah lake towers and palm jumeirah, both of which are also being built by al nakheel.
although technically an 'animal product' human breast milk is obviously considered the healthiest and most desirable food for infants.	although technically an 'animal product' human breast milk is generally considered the healthiest and most desirable food for infants.
rousseau was upset that his deistic views were so forcefully condemned, while those of the more frankly atheistic philosophes were ignored.	rousseau was upset that his deistic views were so forcefully condemned, while those of the more atheistic philosophes were ignored.
sadly the junior banjo band disbanded in 1985 with their last public performance at the peninsula banjo band's annual banjo jubilee jazz festival.	the junior banjo band disbanded in 1985 with their last public performance at the peninsula banjo band's annual banjo jubilee jazz festival.
mckinnon is openly gay.	mckinnon is gay.
fortunately rosalind franklin had to disclose some of her findings for the medical research council and crick saw this material through maxperutz's links to the mrc.	rosalind franklin had to disclose some of her findings for the medical research council and crick saw this material through maxperutz's links to the mrc.
by the time of her passing , morris had left a mark in the world of interior design in each of the four decades since the founding of her company phyllis morris originals in 1953.	by the time of her death , morris had left a mark in the world of interior design in each of the four decades since the founding of her company phyllis morris originals in 1953.
ben-gurion famously coined the disparaging phrase 'without herut and maki' (maki was the communist party), referring to his refusal to consider them for coalition, effectively pushing both parties and their voters beyond the margins of political consensus.	ben-gurion famously coined the phrase 'without herut and maki' (maki was the communist party), referring to his refusal to consider them for coalition, effectively pushing both parties and their voters beyond the margins of political consensus.
"after a bizarre campaign in which keyes called obama's position on abortion ""the slave-holder's position"" and also claimed that jesus would not vote for obama, keyes was crushed by obama in the general election."	"after a campaign in which keyes called obama's position on abortion ""the slave-holder's position"" and also claimed that jesus would not vote for obama, keyes was crushed by obama in the general election."
"pro-pedophile activism stands in sheer opposition to anti-pedophile activism, which aims to shield children from those it considers ""predatory pedophiles"" and which claims that pro-pedophile organizations and activities are merely attempts to legalize and legitimize the abuse of children."	"pro-pedophile activism stands in opposition to anti-pedophile activism, which aims to shield children from those it considers ""predatory pedophiles"" and which claims that pro-pedophile organizations and activities are merely attempts to legalize and legitimize the abuse of children."
"he is a former spokesman for the human rights campaign and the founder of truth wins out, a national organization fights the religious, anti-gay, propaganda and the so-called ""ex-gay"" movement.."	"he is a former spokesman for the human rights campaign and the founder of truth wins out, a national organization fights the religious, anti-gay, case and the so-called ""ex-gay"" movement.."
passengers travelling financial centre to financial centre are estimated to save only about two hours by taking the hyperloop instead of driving the whole distance.	passengers travelling financial centre to financial centre are estimated to save about two hours by taking the hyperloop instead of driving the whole distance.
rize of the fenix is the upcoming third album by american super- rock band tenacious d, set for release on may 15, 2012. it is the band's first studio release in six years, since 2006's the pick of destiny, the soundtrack for their film of the same name.	rize of the fenix is the upcoming third album by american rock band tenacious d, set for release on may 15, 2012. it is the band's first studio release in six years, since 2006's the pick of destiny, the soundtrack for their film of the same name.
better council schools in plymouth are devonport high school for boys, devonport high school for girls and plymouth high school for girls, three selective grammar schools with a reputation for academic excellence.	noted council schools in plymouth are devonport high school for boys, devonport high school for girls and plymouth high school for girls, three selective grammar schools with a reputation for academic excellence.
camberwell high school is a prestigious state school for boys and girls in years 7-12 in the canterbury suburb of melbourne, victoria, australia.	camberwell high school is a state school for boys and girls in years 7-12 in the canterbury suburb of melbourne, victoria, australia.
delhi government and municipal corporation of delhi have sexist schemes only for girl children.	delhi government and municipal corporation of delhi have schemes only for girl children.
it has become fully ad-supported with commercials in 2013, with content being censored soon thereafter.	it has become fully ad-supported with commercials in 2013, with content being edited for content soon thereafter.
in 1997 , following false accusations by a masseuse named sue rae robertson.	in 1997 , following accusations by a masseuse named sue rae robertson.
in particular it means that it is not considered harmful for children, which may imply restrictions on engagement in, or depiction of, nudity, sex, violence, horror, crude language, etc.	in particular it means that it is not considered inappropriate for children, which may imply restrictions on engagement in, or depiction of, nudity, sex, violence, horror, crude language, etc.
it is also important even at mains frequencies (5060 hz) in ac electrical power transmission and distribution systems.	it is also important at mains frequencies (5060 hz) in ac electrical power transmission and distribution systems.
heaven's gate was an american ufo cult based in san diego, california, founded and led by marshall applewhite (19311997) and bonnie nettles (19281985).	heaven's gate was an american ufo religion based in san diego, california, founded and led by marshall applewhite (19311997) and bonnie nettles (19281985).
these include gift shops, drug stores, grocers, health food stores, dollar shops, book stores, video stores, hardware stores and paluch law offices.	these include gift shops, drug stores, grocers, health food stores, dollar shops, book stores, video stores, hardware stores and law offices.
meanwhile, cartman, taking kyle's warning about the dangers of inner-city students, disguises himself as a hispanic man, as a parody of the inspirational movie stand and deliver and teaches his students how white people are able to succeed when they can not: by cheating.	meanwhile, cartman, taking kyle's warning about the dangers of inner-city students, disguises himself as a hispanic man, as a parody of the movie stand and deliver and teaches his students how white people are able to succeed when they can not: by cheating.
innumerable historians disagree with gutman.	other historians disagree with gutman.
khawlah bint hakim was one of the female companions of the islamic prophet muhammad.	khawlah bint hakim was one of the female companions of the islamic lawmaker muhammad.
in addition, the damascus bourgeoisie did not gain the access to the egyptian market that they had hoped for.	in addition, the damascus business sector did not gain the access to the egyptian market that they had hoped for.
nero wolfe is a television series based on the characters in rex stout's classic series of detective stories that aired january 16 august 25, 1981, on nbc.	nero wolfe is a television series based on the characters in rex stout's series of detective stories that aired january 16 august 25, 1981, on nbc.
the novel was first adapted in 1958 by studio one theatre, in which british comedienne gracie fields played mrs arris in an american tv production.	the novel was first adapted in 1958 by studio one theatre, in which british comedian gracie fields played mrs arris in an american tv production.
"after world war ii, many austrians sought comfort in the myth of austria as ""the nazis' first victim""."	"after world war ii, many austrians sought comfort in the idea of austria as ""the nazis' first victim""."
born in novara, italy, cantelli was named musical director of la scala, milan on november 16, 1956, but his promising career was tragically cut short only one week later by his death at the age of 36 in an airplane crash in paris, france.	born in novara, italy, cantelli was named musical director of la scala, milan on november 16, 1956, but his promising career was cut short only one week later by his death at the age of 36 in an airplane crash in paris, france.
marjoe rejoined the ministry as a young adult solely as a means of earning a living, and not as a believer; he spent the next several years using his fame and status as an evangelist to defraud a small fortune out of individuals both through tent revivals and televangelism.	marjoe rejoined the ministry as a young adult solely as a means of earning a living, and not as a believer; he spent the next several years using his fame and status as an evangelist to earn a small fortune out of individuals both through tent revivals and televangelism.
interpretation of scripture: elca clergy are less likely to take the bible literally, in concord with most liberal protestant bodies and in sharp contrast to the lcms or wels.	interpretation of scripture: elca clergy are less likely to take the bible literally, in concord with most liberal protestant bodies and in contrast to the lcms or wels.
the plagues of egypt are recognized as history by many jews, christians, and muslims.	the plagues of egypt are seen as history by many jews, christians, and muslims.
the enzyme allows for rapid growth of cells without the problems of senescence.	the enzyme allows for rapid growth of cells without the occurrence of senescence.
lashkar-e-toiba (urdu: lakar- aiyyiba, literally the army of pure, also transliterated as lashkar-i-tayyaba, lashkar-e-tayyaba or lashkar-i-toiba) is a islamic terrorist group based in pakistan-administered kashmir.	lashkar-e-toiba (urdu: lakar- aiyyiba, literally the army of pure, also transliterated as lashkar-i-tayyaba, lashkar-e-tayyaba or lashkar-i-toiba) is a islamic militant group based in pakistan-administered kashmir.
jail bait refers to a particularly sexually attractive girl below the legal age of consent.	jail bait refers to a particularly sexually attractive person below the legal age of consent.
many of the parks feature significant public art such as the infamous concrete cows.	many of the parks feature significant public art such as the concrete cows.
"atlantis (in greek, , ""island of atlas"") is the name of a supposedly legendary island first mentioned in plato's dialogues timaeus and critias."	"atlantis (in greek, , ""island of atlas"") is the name of a legendary island first mentioned in plato's dialogues timaeus and critias."
aside from being a powerful 'alim, gangohi was also a hakim, an authority of shari'a and tariqah, an 'ashiq of rasulullah , and a staunch follower of the sunnah.	aside from being a powerful 'alim, gangohi was also a hakim, an authority of shari'a and tariqah, an 'ashiq of muhammad , and a staunch follower of the sunnah.
he later formed the group nam:live!, which he disbanded after finding great success as a nightlife photographer.	he later formed the group nam:live!, which he disbanded after finding success as a nightlife photographer.
the script is named in honor of the two bulgarian brothers, saints cyril and methodius, who created the glagolitic alphabet earlier on.	the script is named in honor of the two byzantine brothers, saints cyril and methodius, who created the glagolitic alphabet earlier on.
tatchell was among the 32 campaigners who were arrested by police when they shouted slogans and unfurled banners urging gay human rights in russia.	tatchell was among the 32 campaigners who were arrested by police when they shouted slogans and unfurled banners urging gay rights in russia.
the tea party movement is still without formal organization.	the tea party movement is without formal organization.
hemsworth is the lookalike younger brother of chris hemsworth, who plays thor in the marvel studios film series.	hemsworth is the younger brother of chris hemsworth, who plays thor in the marvel studios film series.
helga zepp-larouche (born august 25, 1948, trier) is a german political activist, wife of prodigal american political activist lyndon larouche, and founder of the larouche movement's schiller institute and the german brgerrechtsbewegung solidaritt party (bso) (civil rights movement solidarity).	helga zepp-larouche (born august 25, 1948, trier) is a german political activist, wife of american political activist lyndon larouche, and founder of the larouche movement's schiller institute and the german brgerrechtsbewegung solidaritt party (bso) (civil rights movement solidarity).
is a japanese swindler who has been a member of the house of representatives of japan since 1993. he was the leader of the democratic party of japan (dpj) from 2005 to 2006, and later served as minister of land, infrastructure, transport and tourism and minister of foreign affairs under the cabinets of yukio hatoyama and naoto kan, before resigning from the cabinet in march 2011 after he acknowledged receiving illegal donations from a south korean national living in japan.	is a japanese politician who has been a member of the house of representatives of japan since 1993. he was the leader of the democratic party of japan (dpj) from 2005 to 2006, and later served as minister of land, infrastructure, transport and tourism and minister of foreign affairs under the cabinets of yukio hatoyama and naoto kan, before resigning from the cabinet in march 2011 after he acknowledged receiving illegal donations from a south korean national living in japan.
most recently rygg has been collaborating with un -talented musician/ producer daniel cardoso (ex-sirius and re:aktor among others) in a band previously called sindrome (i.e.	most recently rygg has been collaborating with multi -talented musician/ producer daniel cardoso (ex-sirius and re:aktor among others) in a band previously called sindrome (i.e.
the largest ethnic group were serbs followed by croats, slovenes, macedonian slavs, bosniaks , and albanians.	the largest ethnic group were serbs followed by croats, slovenes, macedonian slavs, slavic muslims , and albanians.
among the supposedly horrid films deconstructed on the series were santa claus conquers the martians, manos: the hands of fate, five japanese gamera monster movies, and the ed wood film bride of the monster.	among the horrid films deconstructed on the series were santa claus conquers the martians, manos: the hands of fate, five japanese gamera monster movies, and the ed wood film bride of the monster.
david ray griffin is a longtime resident of santa barbara, california, was a full-time academic from 1973 until april 2004. he is currently a co-director of the center for process studies, and one of the foremost contemporary exponents of process theology, founded on the process philosophies of alfred north whitehead and charles hartshorne.	david ray griffin is a resident of santa barbara, california, was a full-time academic from 1973 until april 2004. he is currently a co-director of the center for process studies, and one of the foremost contemporary exponents of process theology, founded on the process philosophies of alfred north whitehead and charles hartshorne.
these theories generally rest on evidence which has been debunked scientifically , such as erroneous theories of the collapse of the twin towers.	these theories generally rest on evidence which has been debunked, such as erroneous theories of the collapse of the twin towers.
the writing's on the wall spent a mammoth 99 consecutive weeks on the billboard 200 (from the summer of 1999 to the spring of 2001) and was certified 8x platinum by the riaa on november 8, 2001 and has sold over 6.2 million copies in the united states according to nielsen soundscan.	the writing's on the wall spent a 99 consecutive weeks on the billboard 200 (from the summer of 1999 to the spring of 2001) and was certified 8x platinum by the riaa on november 8, 2001 and has sold over 6.2 million copies in the united states according to nielsen soundscan.
"morrissey's first solo album, viva hate, included a track entitled ""margaret on the guillotine"", a tongue-in-cheek jab at thatcher."	"morrissey's first solo album, viva hate, included a track entitled ""margaret on the guillotine"", a jab at thatcher."
operating since april 12, 1992, it was the second disney resort to open outside the united states (following tokyo disney resort), and the first actually owned and operated by disney.	operating since april 12, 1992, it was the second disney resort to open outside the united states (following tokyo disney resort), and the first to be owned and operated by disney.
"although successful for many years prior in new york city, she was launched into international notoriety in 2003 after newsweek put her on the cover with the headline ""the perfect face""."	"although successful for many years prior in new york city, she was launched into international fame in 2003 after newsweek put her on the cover with the headline ""the perfect face""."
fellers' reports were excessively detailed and played a significant role in informing the germans of allied strength and intentions.	fellers' reports were very detailed and played a significant role in informing the germans of allied strength and intentions.
faith no more was an influential experimental alternative rock group that formed in san francisco, california in 1982 and disbanded in 1998. in the beginning of their 16 year career, faith no more's vocalist changed a few times.	faith no more was an experimental alternative rock group that formed in san francisco, california in 1982 and disbanded in 1998. in the beginning of their 16 year career, faith no more's vocalist changed a few times.
countdown with keith olbermann is an hour-long opinion-driven nightly newscast on msnbc which airs live at 8:00 p.m. eastern time and reruns at midnight on weekdays.	countdown with keith olbermann is an hour-long nightly newscast on msnbc which airs live at 8:00 p.m. eastern time and reruns at midnight on weekdays.
tribadism or tribbing is a form of mutual masturbation, sometimes misleadingly called frottage, in which a woman rubs her vulva against her partner's body for sexual stimulation.	tribadism or tribbing is a form of mutual masturbation, sometimes called frottage, in which a woman rubs her vulva against her partner's body for sexual stimulation.
"virtual token descriptor for extensible markup language (vtd-xml) refers to a collection of efficient xml processing technologies centered around a non-extractive xml, ""document-centric"" parsing technique called virtual token descriptor (vtd)."	"virtual token descriptor for extensible markup language (vtd-xml) refers to a collection of xml processing technologies centered around a non-extractive xml, ""document-centric"" parsing technique called virtual token descriptor (vtd)."
often mclaren's postmodern approach to hermeneutics and biblical understanding prompts him to take a less judgmental approach towards issues considered controversial by fundamentalists, such as homosexuality.	often mclaren's postmodern approach to hermeneutics and biblical understanding prompts him to take a less traditional approach towards issues considered controversial by fundamentalists, such as homosexuality.
marriage meaning for women changed as they had more socially acceptable alternatives and were less willing to accept unhappy relations and, therefore, divorce rates severely increased.	marriage meaning for women changed as they had more socially acceptable alternatives and were less willing to accept unhappy relations and, therefore, divorce rates substantially increased.
some mori enthusiastically adopted christianity in the early 19th century.	some mori adopted christianity in the early 19th century.
ann coulter (born 8 december, 1961 in new canaan, connecticut) is a ultra conservative american author.	ann coulter (born 8 december, 1961 in new canaan, connecticut) is a conservative american author.
the company explained that the primary reason was because the fortune cookies got soggy.	the company said that the primary reason was because the fortune cookies got soggy.
byu's premiere a cappella groups, vocal point and noteworthy are among the top groups in the country, both of them having been crowned international championship of collegiate a cappella winners, in 2006 and 2007, respectively.	byu's a cappella groups, vocal point and noteworthy are among the top groups in the country, both of them having been crowned international championship of collegiate a cappella winners, in 2006 and 2007, respectively.
some unix, bsd, and gnu/ linux distributions also include dns-sd functionality.	some unix, bsd, and linux distributions also include dns-sd functionality.
after scoring the goal he performed a goal celebration with his teammates, crudely mimicking the movements of a speed skater.	after scoring the goal he performed a goal celebration with his teammates, mimicking the movements of a speed skater.
on wednesday the 23rd of december 2009 james broke the record for victorian one day cricket by taking 6 for 48 of 10 overs with 1 maiden, despite his heroic efforts victoria still lost to nsw.	on wednesday the 23rd of december 2009 james broke the record for victorian one day cricket by taking 6 for 48 of 10 overs with 1 maiden, despite his efforts victoria still lost to nsw.
it is based on a partnership between eleven leading dutch academic institutions (nine universities and two institutes):	it is based on a partnership between eleven dutch academic institutions (nine universities and two institutes):
the band is led by singers paula vesala and mira luoti and three cute player boys, has had some success throughout europe with such songs as rusketusraidat off their debut album kuulkaas enot!.	the band is led by singers paula vesala and mira luoti and three player boys, has had some success throughout europe with such songs as rusketusraidat off their debut album kuulkaas enot!.
that day, he was also honorably mentioned in the wehrmachtbericht radio report, the first of six such mentions.	that day, he was also mentioned in the wehrmachtbericht radio report, the first of six such mentions.
"according to discredited scientology doctrine, the resistance corresponds to the ""mental mass and energy"" of the subject's mind, which change when the subject thinks of particular mental images (engrams)."	"according to scientology doctrine, the resistance corresponds to the ""mental mass and energy"" of the subject's mind, which change when the subject thinks of particular mental images (engrams)."
another strikingly elegant four-door saloon for the s3 continental came from james young).	another elegant four-door saloon for the s3 continental came from james young).
he allowed the disciplined groups to pass through hungary peacefully but mercilessly annihilated the bands who were entering his kingdom unauthorized or pillaging the countryside.	he allowed the disciplined groups to pass through hungary peacefully but annihilated the bands who were entering his kingdom unauthorized or pillaging the countryside.
"the latin proverb ""pecunia non olet"" (""money does not smell "") may have been created when he had introduced a urine tax on public toilets."	"the latin proverb ""pecunia non olet"" (""money does not stink "") may have been created when he had introduced a urine tax on public toilets."
generally, the works of plato's early years are all considered to be socratic dialogues (written from 399 to 387) , but many of his middle dialogues (written from 387 to 361, after the establishment of his academy), and later dialogues (written in the period between 361 and his death in 347) incorporate socrates' character and are often included here as well.	generally, the works which are most often assigned to plato's early years are all considered to be socratic dialogues (written from 399 to 387) , but many of his middle dialogues (written from 387 to 361, after the establishment of his academy), and later dialogues (written in the period between 361 and his death in 347) incorporate socrates' character and are often included here as well.
he appeared in a variety of television series, including the long-running cbs soap opera love of life; however, he is best remembered for playing donna reed's television husband, dr. alex stone, from 1958 to 1966 in the abc sitcom the donna reed show.	he appeared in a variety of television series, including the cbs soap opera love of life; however, he is best remembered for playing donna reed's television husband, dr. alex stone, from 1958 to 1966 in the abc sitcom the donna reed show.
stephnie weir, actress, comedienne and cast member of madtv	stephnie weir, actress, comedian and cast member of madtv
she lives in washington, dc and is married to william goodfellow who is executive director of the left-leaning center for international policy.	she lives in washington, dc and is married to william goodfellow who is executive director of the center for international policy.
with its combination of creative absurdist humor and simultaneous commentary on current events, the episode is considered by many fans to be among the finest south park episodes.	with its combination of absurdist humor and simultaneous commentary on current events, the episode is considered by many fans to be among the finest south park episodes.
the plaintiff, intellectual reserve, inc., is a salt lake city, utah based corporation which owns the copyright and has the rights to other intellectual property assets used by the the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church, better known by the nickname 'mormons').	the plaintiff, intellectual reserve, inc., is a salt lake city, utah based corporation which owns the copyright and has the rights to other intellectual property assets used by the the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church, better known by the 'mormons').
russian markets, already falling thanks to declining oil prices and political tensions with the west, fell over 10% in one day, leading to a suspension of trading, while other emerging markets also exhibited losses.	russian markets, already falling due to declining oil prices and political tensions with the west, fell over 10% in one day, leading to a suspension of trading, while other emerging markets also exhibited losses.
the university hospital and academic medical center for einstein; jacobi medical center, einsteins founding hospital and first affiliate, and five other exceptional affiliates including bronx lebanon hospital and st. barnabas hospital, beth israel medical center in manhattan, north shore-lij health system on long island and maimonides medical center in brooklyn.	the university hospital and academic medical center for einstein; jacobi medical center, einsteins founding hospital and first affiliate, and five other affiliates including bronx lebanon hospital and st. barnabas hospital, beth israel medical center in manhattan, north shore-lij health system on long island and maimonides medical center in brooklyn.
en vogue is an american female r&b vocal quartet assembled by hit music producers denzil foster and thomas mcelroy, formerly of the disco group club nouveau.	en vogue is an american female r&b vocal quartet assembled by music producers denzil foster and thomas mcelroy , formerly of the disco group club nouveau.
the washington commonwealth federation newspaper after the signing of the molotov-ribbentrop pact (the washington commonwealth federation was a communist front organization)	the washington commonwealth federation newspaper after the signing of the molotov-ribbentrop pact (the washington commonwealth federation was an alleged communist front organization)
caistor is an attractive georgian town situated in lincolnshire, england and was, as its name implies, originally a roman fortress.	caistor is an georgian town situated in lincolnshire, england and was, as its name implies , originally a roman fortress.
evolutionists state that the claim that microevolution is qualitatively different from macroevolution is fallacious, as the main difference between the two processes is that one occurs within a few generations, whilst the other takes place over thousands of years (i.e.	some scientists state that the claim that microevolution is qualitatively different from macroevolution is fallacious, as the main difference between the two processes is that one occurs within a few generations, whilst the other takes place over thousands of years (i.e.
the movie, which was released in 2001, to lukewarm response, features great performances by om puri and aasif mandvi.	the movie, which was released in 2001, to lukewarm response, features performances by om puri and aasif mandvi.
the role of luciano was instead portrayed by joe dallesandro, igniting the dramatic film career for the former warhol superstar.	the role of luciano was instead portrayed by joe dallesandro, starting the dramatic film career for the former warhol superstar.
david gewirtz, cnn columnist, cyberterrorism advisor, and leading presidential scholar	david gewirtz, cnn columnist, cyberterrorism advisor, and presidential scholar
against intuition was founded in finland in 2006 by two visionary graduate students, timo ala-kleemola and sami tolvanen.	against intuition was founded in finland in 2006 by two graduate students, timo ala-kleemola and sami tolvanen.
his ten-year break from screwball comedy ended with the comedy classic arsenic and old lace.	his ten-year break from screwball comedy ended with the comedy arsenic and old lace.
"original trident, a soft gum packaged in a unique rectangular shape, is sweetened with xylitol (originally advertised as ""dentec"" by the company), a sugar alcohol that reduces plaque and protects teeth against decay associated with dental caries by helping to maintain a anal ph balance in the mouth."	"original trident, a soft gum packaged in a unique rectangular shape, is sweetened with xylitol (originally advertised as ""dentec"" by the company), a sugar alcohol that reduces plaque and protects teeth against decay associated with dental caries by helping to maintain a neutral ph balance in the mouth."
libyan-swiss relations strongly suffered after the arrest of hannibal gadhafi for beating up his domestic servants in geneva in 2008.this was an embarrassment for dictator ghadafi who removed all his money held in swiss banks and wanted the un to vote to abolish switzerland as a sovereign nation.	libyan-swiss relations strongly suffered after the arrest of hannibal gadhafi for beating up his domestic servants in geneva in 2008.this was an embarrassment for ghadafi who removed all his money held in swiss banks and wanted the un to vote to abolish switzerland as a sovereign nation.
many muslims and non-muslims have spoken out against this claim.	some muslims and non-muslims have spoken out against this claim.
his justice department position required him to advance reagan administration positions, including opposition to financial reparations to japanese-americans held in world war ii era internment camps; the insistence of executive privilege by president reagan during william rehnquist's chief justice confirmation hearings, when congress asked for memos written by rehnquist as a nixon justice department official; the framing of a bill to control undocumented immigration as an essential drug war measure; and, issues related to the investigation of the iran-contra affair.	his justice department position required him to advance reagan administration positions, including opposition to financial reparations to japanese-americans held in world war ii era internment camps; the insistence of executive privilege by president reagan during william rehnquist's chief justice confirmation hearings, when congress asked for memos written by rehnquist as a nixon justice department official; the framing of a bill to control illegal immigration as an essential drug war measure; and, issues related to the investigation of the iran-contra affair.
in early 19th century, athanasios psalidas a greek scholar and secretary to ali pasha stated in reference to the ethno-linguistic demography of epirus that there were only three greek villages in the himar area and that there were also orthodox albanian villages in the region.	in early 19th century, athanasios psalidas a greek scholar and secretary to ali pasha stated in reference to the ethno-linguistic demography of epirus that there were three greek villages in the himar area and that there were also orthodox albanian villages in the region.
obama-ayers connection	obama-ayers controversy
durocher was still under siege by the catholic youth organization because of his scandalous extramarital relationship with, and then quick marriage to, actress laraine day.	durocher was still under siege by the catholic youth organization because of his extramarital relationship with, and then quick marriage to, actress laraine day.
in june 2012, chastain was named the ambassadress of the new yves saint laurent fragrance, called manifesto.	in june 2012, chastain was named the ambassador of the new yves saint laurent fragrance, called manifesto.
in the 1998 abc news special the power of belief, advocacy journalist john stossel criticized paranormal beliefs including yogic flying.	in the 1998 abc news special the power of belief, advocacy journalist john stossel reported on paranormal beliefs including yogic flying.
the aspect ratio of a standard 35 millimeter frame is around 1.37:1, although cameramen may use only the part of the frame which will be visible on a television screen (which is 1.33:1 for standard television).	the aspect ratio of a standard 35 millimeter frame is around 1.37:1, although cinematographers may use only the part of the frame which will be visible on a television screen (which is 1.33:1 for standard television).
bedouin hunter with a asiatic cheetah and cub, iraq, 1925. widespread hunting of this magnificent animal and its prey species along with conversion of its grassland habitat to farmland has wiped it out completely from its entire range in southwest asia and india.	bedouin hunter with a asiatic cheetah and cub, iraq, 1925. widespread hunting of this animal and its prey species along with conversion of its grassland habitat to farmland has wiped it out completely from its entire range in southwest asia and india.
ibm boasts that the advent of quantum computing may progress the fields of medicine, logistics, financial services, artificial intelligence and cloud security.	ibm claims that the advent of quantum computing may progress the fields of medicine, logistics, financial services, artificial intelligence and cloud security.
"the conservatives succeeded in having conservative supporters elected as sbc president, beginning with the election of adrian rogers in 1979. throughout the 1980s, working within the existing framework and the strategy outlined above, conservatives gained control over the sbc leadership at every level from the administration to key faculty at their seminaries, and slowly turned the sbc's drift into modernistic philosophies toward more conservative ones (for example, on abortion, the sbc reversed course from a moderate ""reluctant support"" of pro-choice stance to a strong conservative pro-life stance, which it continues to hold today)."	"the conservatives succeeded in having conservative supporters elected as sbc president, beginning with the election of adrian rogers in 1979. throughout the 1980s, working within the existing framework and the strategy outlined above, conservatives gained control over the sbc leadership at every level from the administration to key faculty at their seminaries, and slowly turned the sbc's drift into modernistic philosophies toward more conservative ones (for example, on abortion, the sbc reversed course from a liberal ""reluctant support"" of pro-choice stance to a strong conservative pro-life stance, which it continues to hold today)."
he established an authoritarian regime that valued nationalism, militarism, secularism and anti-communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda.	he established an authoritarian government that valued nationalism, militarism, secularism and anti-communism combined with strict censorship and state propaganda.
dymaxion map by bucminster fuller shows the world continents with minimal distortion	dymaxion map by buckminster fuller shows the world continents with minimal distortion
simijonovic began her acting career with a lead role in the movie klip, directed by maja milos, when she was only 14 years old.	simijonovic began her acting career with a lead role in the movie klip, directed by maja milos, when she was 14 years old.
the united states navy did not have any admirals until 1862 because many people felt the title too reminiscent of royalty to be used in the republic 's navy.	the united states navy did not have any admirals until 1862 because many people felt the title too reminiscent of royalty to be used in the country 's navy.
moss did not gain any weight for the role, however, but wore increasingly bigger padding and makeup artists expertly used prosthetics to make her face and neck appear fat and swollen.	moss did not gain any weight for the role, however, but wore increasingly bigger padding and makeup artists used prosthetics to make her face and neck appear fat and swollen.
there are many different cpuarchitecture s used in embedded designs.	there are many different cpu architecture s used in embedded designs.
the d9s also demolished houses and cleared shrubbery that were used as shooting cover for palestinian terrorists .	the d9s also demolished houses and cleared shrubbery that were used as shooting cover for palestinian.
even though he only provided conventional blocked puzzles once a week for the observer everyman series for about two years his strong views on cluing, expressed in his 1966 book, have been a source of division in the cryptic crossword world ever since.	even though he only provided conventional blocked puzzles once a week for the observer everyman series for about two years his strong views on cluing, expressed in his 1966 book, have been a source of debate in the cryptic crossword world ever since.
the following description from the 1911 encyclopdia britannica portrays holwell's point of view vividly :	the following description from the 1911 encyclopdia britannica portrays holwell's point of view:
the earliest hakka immigrants to america mostly went to hawaii, starting when the kingdom of hawaii was an independent sovereign state.	the earliest hakka immigrants to whatis now the united states mostly went to hawaii, starting when the kingdom of hawaii was an independent sovereign state.
anderson is allegedly a vegetarian, an advocate for animal rights, and an active member of the animal protection organization people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta), taking part in several campaigns for animal rights.	anderson is a vegetarian, an advocate for animal rights, and an active member of the animal protection organization people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta), taking part in several campaigns for animal rights.
ba nh square is the name of a famous square in hanoi where president ho chi minh read the proclamation of independence of the democratic republic of vietnam on september 2, 1945. it is named after the ba nh uprising, an anti-french rebellion that occurred in vietnam in 18861887 as part of the cn vng movement.	ba nh square is the name of a square in hanoi where president ho chi minh read the proclamation of independence of the democratic republic of vietnam on september 2, 1945. it is named after the ba nh uprising , an anti-french rebellion that occurred in vietnam in 18861887 as part of the cn vng movement.
while the party for which he was central founder, today called the new democratic party, has largely abandoned woodsworth's idealistic vision of a socialist canada, woodsworth's memory is still held in great respect within the party, and across canada.	while the party for which he was central founder, today called the new democratic party, has largely abandoned woodsworth's vision of a socialist canada, woodsworth's memory is still held in great respect within the party, and across canada.
unlike the previous school series, the drama received criticisms for its plot and averaged only 6.3% average audience share in its run.	unlike the previous school series, the drama received criticisms for its plot and suffered with poor ratings, with only 6.3% average audience share in its run.
the gaekwad or gaikwad (once rendered as guicowar, also given (incorrectly) as gaekwar) ( gykv) are a royal kunbi clan that formed a part of the maratha confederacy and later ruled the princely state of baroda in western india from the early 18th century until 1947. the ruling prince was known as the maharaja gaekwad of baroda.	the gaekwad or gaikwad (once rendered as guicowar, also given (incorrectly) as gaekwar) ( gykv) are a kunbi clan that formed a part of the maratha confederacy and later ruled the princely state of baroda in western india from the early 18th century until 1947. the ruling prince was known as the maharaja gaekwad of baroda.
theft (also known as stealing) is in general, the wrongful taking of someone else's property without that person's willful consent.	theft (also known as stealing) is in general, the illegal taking of someone else's property without that person's willful consent.
years later, this led to false charges of collaboration with the nazis.	years later, this led to charges of collaboration with the nazis.
santa cruz is now known for its moderate climate, natural beauty, exceptional educational institutions, alternative community lifestyles, and socially liberal leanings.	santa cruz is now known for its moderate climate, natural beauty, educational institutions, alternative community lifestyles, and socially liberal leanings.
arthur george fowler is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	arthur george fowler is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders.
in an american idol interview urban claimed that he had never touched alcohol, tobacco or illegal drugs.	in an american idol interview urban reported that he had never touched alcohol, tobacco or illegal drugs.
second group date: ian, joshua, tony, jj, chris, joe and jonathan do stand-up routine comedy with amy schumer along with her fellow comediennes bridget everett, nikki glaser and rachel feinstein.	second group date: ian, joshua, tony, jj, chris, joe and jonathan do stand-up routine comedy with amy schumer along with her fellow comedians bridget everett, nikki glaser and rachel feinstein.
hepburn in the famous opening scene of breakfast at tiffany's (1961), wearing the iconic little black dress by givenchy	hepburn in the opening scene of breakfast at tiffany's (1961), wearing the iconic little black dress by givenchy
"it is also used in hawaiian pidgin as a racist term meaning ""white"" or ""caucasian."""	"it is also used in hawaiian pidgin as a term meaning ""white"" or ""caucasian."""
- short: fc porto or fcp - is a portuguese sports club best known for its footballing wonders .	- short: fc porto or fcp - is a portuguese sports club best known for its footballing endeavors .
in 1984, the younger chiang selected lee teng-hui, a taiwanese technocrat, to be his vice president.	in 1984, the younger chiang selected lee teng-hui, a bensheng ren technocrat, to be his vice president.
upsome of the swiss scientists who played a key role in their discipline (clockwise):leonhard euler ( maths )louis agassiz (glaciology)auguste piccard (aeronautics)albert einstein (physics)	upsome of the swiss scientists who played a key role in their discipline (clockwise):leonhard euler ( mathematics )louis agassiz (glaciology)auguste piccard (aeronautics)albert einstein (physics)
msnbc is an american basic cable and satellite television network that provides news coverage and political insight from nbc news on current events.	msnbc is an american basic cable and satellite television network that provides news coverage and political commentary from nbc news on current events.
in august 1994 the pair parlayed their struggling investment newsletter into a content partnership with america online service.	in august 1994 the pair parlayed their investment newsletter into a content partnership with america online service.
reassessments of elizabethan puritanism followed; through these, leicester's religious position can be better understood, rather than simply to brand him as a hypocrite.	reassessments of elizabethan puritanism followed; through these, leicester's religious position could be better understood, rather than simply to brand him as a hypocrite.
judy carne, 76, actress and comedienne (rowan & martin's laugh-in).	judy carne, 76, actress and comedian (rowan & martin's laugh-in).
it is widely regarded by fans as the most accurate representation of the batman character and mythology, and also as the most faithful animated series based on a comic book.	it is widely regarded by fans as the most iconic modern representation of the batman character and mythology, and also as the most faithful animated series based on a comic book.
on the morning of august 01, 2005 a six-man marine sniper unit on the outskirts of haditha was attacked by a large insurgent force from the ansar al-sunna terrorist group and in less than 10 minutes was overrun.	on the morning of august 01, 2005 a six-man marine sniper unit on the outskirts of haditha was attacked by a large insurgent force from the ansar al-sunna group and in less than 10 minutes was overrun.
he has been attacked - sometimes viciously and mostly by some self-centred ethnic ibos of southeastern nigerian origin - for upstaging a then more nationally prominent political figure, nnamdi azikiwe (an ibo from the eastern region), in the contest to control the west, awolowo's home region, and for what such crusaders have alleged to be his hard-line stance against the secessionist ibos of the eastern region in the civil war.	he has been attacked - sometimes viciously and mostly by some ethnic ibos of southeastern nigerian origin - for upstaging a then more nationally prominent political figure, nnamdi azikiwe (an ibo from the eastern region), in the contest to control the west, awolowo's home region, and for what such crusaders have alleged to be his hard-line stance against the secessionist ibos of the eastern region in the civil war.
nirvana's brief run ended with the suicide of cobain in 1994. even then, the band's enduring mystery expanded their popularity.	nirvana's brief run ended with the death of cobain in 1994. even then, the band's enduring mystery expanded their popularity.
finlock gutters, also known as concrete gutters, were built on most new-build properties in the 1950s and 1960s.	finlock gutters, also known as concrete gutters, were built on new-build properties in the 1950s and 1960s.
they defaced jewish cemeteries, assaulted leftists and foreigners , and denied the holocaust -- they were a part of one especially infamous campaign under the motto i, donkey, believe that jews were gassed to death in germany (ich esel glaube, dass in deutschland juden vergast worden sind).	they defaced jewish cemeteries, assaulted leftists and foreigners , and denied the holocaust -- they were a part of one especially well-known campaign under the motto i, donkey, believe that jews were gassed to death in germany (ich esel glaube, dass in deutschland juden vergast worden sind).
jiddu krishnamurti or j. krishnamurti , (12 may 1895 17 february 1986) was a renowned writer and speaker on philosophical and spiritual issues.	jiddu krishnamurti or j. krishnamurti , (12 may 1895 17 february 1986) was a writer and speaker on philosophical and spiritual issues.
the lake provides great sport fishing opportunities.	the lake provides sport fishing opportunities.
10 august - gillian elisa, actress, singer, and comedienne	10 august - gillian elisa, actress, singer, and comedian
hobley is best known for her role as feisty ward sister chrissie williams in bbc medical drama holby city.	hobley is best known for her role as ward sister chrissie williams in bbc medical drama holby city.
"in 1975, letts ran the trendy london clothing store acme attractions selling, ""electric-blue zoot suits and jukeboxes, and pumping dub reggae all day long."""	"in 1975, letts ran the london clothing store acme attractions selling, ""electric-blue zoot suits and jukeboxes, and pumping dub reggae all day long."""
may 24 - nicolaus copernicus, polish astronomer (born 1473)	may 24 - nicolaus copernicus, mathematician and astronomer (born 1473)
some televangelists have been at the center of considerable controversy, as some of their ministries believe in the charismatic dogma of divine healing.	some televangelists have been at the center of considerable controversy, as some of their ministries believe in the charismatic doctrine of divine healing.
grant's indian peace policy initially reduced frontier violence, but is best known for the great sioux war of 1876, where george custer and his regiment were killed at the battle of the little bighorn.	grant's indian peace policy overall reduced frontier violence, but is best known for the great sioux war of 1876, where george custer and his regiment were killed at the battle of the little bighorn.
the three tamil dynasties of chera, chola and pandya were of very ancient origins.	the three tamil dynasties of chera, chola and pandya were of ancient origins.
she is the youngest member of the popular korean girl group girls' generation.	she is the youngest member of the korean girl group girls' generation.
alberta has enjoyed a relatively high rate of growth in recent years, due in large part to its burgeoning economy.	alberta has experienced a relatively high rate of growth in recent years, due in large part to its burgeoning economy.
similar in concept but different in meaning is the blood libel, in which groups (such as the jews or roma) are untruly accused of killing children and drinking their blood.	similar in concept but different in meaning is the blood libel, in which groups (such as the jews or roma) are accused of killing children and drinking their blood.
three hundred years of spanish colonization (1565-1898) and five decades (1898-1946) of american occupation have been the greatest foreign influences on philippine culture.	three hundred years of spanish colonization (1565-1898) and five decades (1898-1946) of american colonization have been the greatest foreign influences on philippine culture.
jackson filled in nicely when called upon for the suspended brandon marshall in week 1, and the injured eddie royal in week 6. despite being third on the depth chart, he managed 4 receptions averaging 16.5 yards.	jackson filled in when called upon for the suspended brandon marshall in week 1, and the injured eddie royal in week 6. despite being third on the depth chart, he managed 4 receptions averaging 16.5 yards.
the waco siege was a siege of a property belonging to the religious group branch davidians by american federal and texas state law enforcement and us military between february 28 and april 19, 1993. the branch davidians, a sect that separated in 1955 from the seventh-day adventist church, was led by david koresh and lived at mount carmel center ranch in the community of elk, texas, nine miles (14 kilometers) east-northeast of waco.	the waco siege was a siege of a compound belonging to the religious group branch davidians by american federal and texas state law enforcement and us military between february 28 and april 19, 1993. the branch davidians, a sect that separated in 1955 from the seventh-day adventist church, was led by david koresh and lived at mount carmel center ranch in the community of elk, texas, nine miles (14 kilometers) east-northeast of waco.
"in 2008 and 2009 buchanan was named one of the ""most corrupt members of congress"" by citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington, an ethics watchdog group"	"in 2008 and 2009 buchanan was named one of the ""most corrupt members of congress"" by citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington, a liberal ethics watchdog group"
jamie boreham (born march 29, 1978 in vancouver, british columbia) is a retired professional legend canadian football punter/placekicker.	jamie boreham (born march 29, 1978 in vancouver, british columbia) is a retired professional canadian football punter/placekicker.
after the partitions of poland (17721795) and conquest of crimean khanate, ukraine was divided between tsarist russia and habsburg austria.	after the partitions of poland (17721795) and conquest of crimean khanate, ukraine was divided between the tsardom of russia and habsburg austria.
kenafeh (arabic: kanfah), also spelled knafeh, kunafeh, or kunafah, is a lebanese sweet made of very fine vermicelli-like pastry.	kenafeh (arabic: kanfah), also spelled knafeh, kunafeh, or kunafah, is a middle eastern sweet made of very fine vermicelli-like pastry.
climate change is having monstrous impacts on this ecosystem.	climate change is having significant impacts on this ecosystem.
the black dawn is a post-apocalyptic, science fiction multimedia experience produced by new renaissance pictures.	the black dawn is a post-apocalyptic, science fiction multimedia project produced by new renaissance pictures.
simultaneously, field studies of social attraction in groups revealed that feelings of individuals about each other collate into social networks, a discovery that still is being explored in the burgeoning field of social network analysis.	simultaneously, field studies of social attraction in groups revealed that feelings of individuals about each other collate into social networks, a discovery that still is being explored in the field of social network analysis.
he was a skilled writer and correspondent.	he was a prolific writer and correspondent.
neural non -state actors	non -state actors
"stomp the yard shares many interesting similarities with another teen film, ""you got served"", such as: both movies were released in january, both were made by screen gems, both films starred meagan good, both featured cameos by mtv vjs (you got served featuring la la and stomp the yard featuring sway) and both feature high-profile competitions."	"stomp the yard shares many similarities with another teen film, ""you got served"", such as: both movies were released in january, both were made by screen gems, both films starred meagan good, both featured cameos by mtv vjs (you got served featuring la la and stomp the yard featuring sway) and both feature high-profile competitions."
"he went on to praise president bush's efforts, but added that the current administration's plan never managed to ""rally the armies of compassion"""	"he went on to praise president bush's efforts, but contended that the current administration's plan never managed to ""rally the armies of compassion"""
he fell victim to anand's superior preparation and was convincingly outplayed, losing three of the first six games (two with the white pieces).	he fell victim to anand's superior preparation and was outplayed, losing three of the first six games (two with the white pieces).
the music video for the song was uploaded to youtube on may 23, 2011. it was shot by award-winning director ben newman as part of the lucozade sport lite campaign.	the music video for the song was uploaded to youtube on may 23, 2011. it was shot by director ben newman as part of the lucozade sport lite campaign.
"questioning the bush administration's handling of the iraq war, obama spoke of an enlisted marine, corporal seamus ahern from east moline, illinois, asking, ""are we serving seamus as well as he is serving us?"""	"questioning the bush administration's management of the iraq war, obama spoke of an enlisted marine, corporal seamus ahern from east moline, illinois, asking, ""are we serving seamus as well as he is serving us?"""
after a long and complicated legal battle headed up by cyberlawyer charles carreon, the domain was eventually returned to its rightful owner, kremen.	after a long and complicated legal battle headed up by cyberlawyer charles carreon, the domain was eventually returned to its original owner, kremen.
the company also owns and operates the iconic playboy mansion property in los angeles, california.	the company also owns and operates the playboy mansion property in los angeles, california.
in a storyline that ran in batman issues 521 and 522, killer croc is summoned by a strange paranormal force to break out of arkham asylum and make his way to the louisiana swamps.	in a storyline that ran in batman issues 521 and 522, killer croc is summoned by a paranormal force to break out of arkham asylum and make his way to the louisiana swamps.
the bombing of dresden by the royal air force and by the united states army air force between february 13 and february 15, 1945, remains one of the more controversial allied actions of that war.	the bombing of dresden by the royal air force and by the united states army air force between february 13 and february 15, 1945, remains one of the more controversial allied actions of the western european theatre of war.
he died in a crash in the last lap of the 2001 daytona 500. he was the fourth driver killed since adam petty's death in may 2000, and although controversy over safety had been brewing for some time, earnhardt's death and the overwhelming fan outcry was arguably the catalyst that eventually resulted in significant safety improvements.	he died in a crash during the last lap of the 2001 daytona 500. he was the fourth driver killed since adam petty's death in may 2000, and although controversy over safety had been brewing for some time, earnhardt's death and the overwhelming fan outcry was arguably the catalyst that eventually resulted in significant safety improvements.
the two cruisers bravely engaged the german battleships while their own screening force of the battlecruisers tiger and renown, repulse, courageous, and glorious of the first battlecruiser squadron commanded by admiral sir charles napier were coming up to assist.	the two cruisers engaged the german battleships while their own screening force of the battlecruisers tiger and renown, repulse, courageous, and glorious of the first battlecruiser squadron commanded by admiral sir charles napier were coming up to assist.
sarah kate silverman (born december 1, 1970) is an american comedienne , writer, and actress.	sarah kate silverman (born december 1, 1970) is an american comedian , writer, and actress.
one of only six nl players to more than 20 years with one team (cap anson, stan musial, willie stargell, craig biggio, and tony gwynn are the others)	one of six nl players to more than 20 years with one team (cap anson, stan musial, willie stargell, craig biggio, and tony gwynn are the others)
it was also nominated for an oscar for best makeup but unfortunately lost to the curious case of benjamin button.	it was also nominated for an oscar for best makeup but lost to the curious case of benjamin button.
this implies an astonishingly high power density.	this implies an extremely high power density.
as with earlier models, such as the legendary carrera rs 2.7 of 1973 and the type 964 911 rs of 1991, porsche offered an rs version of the 997 gt3.	as with earlier models, such as the carrera rs 2.7 of 1973 and the type 964 911 rs of 1991, porsche offered an rs version of the 997 gt3.
"however, film critic david thomson of neo-liberal magazine the new republic called it a ""terrible movie"", criticizing it for a lack of character development and unclear presentation of the violence, describing the latter as ""un-american""."	"however, film critic david thomson of the magazine the new republic called it a ""terrible movie"", criticizing it for a lack of character development and unclear presentation of the violence, describing the latter as ""un-american""."
"( devotees strenuously encourage so-called 'guests"" to ""transform"" their "" lives"" by ""registering"".)"	"( customers strenuously encourage so-called 'guests"" to ""transform"" their "" lives"" by ""registering"".)"
it is still the tallest building ever lawfully demolished.	it is still the tallest building ever peacefully demolished.
he went to adelaide in july 2007 to present at the festival of ideas with fellow chaser julian morrow, where his performance included asking the audience to sms their questions to him, throwing lollies to the audience, and vandalising three wikipedia articles.	he went to adelaide in july 2007 to present at the festival of ideas with fellow chaser julian morrow, where his performance included asking the audience to sms their questions to him, throwing lollies to the audience, and editing three wikipedia articles.
mediaite is an conservative american news and opinion blog covering politics and entertainment in the media industry as well as other issues.	mediaite is an american news and opinion blog covering politics and entertainment in the media industry as well as other issues.
the talking stone is a 1955 short story by isaac asimove which appeared in asimov's mysteries.	the talking stone is a 1955 short story by isaac asimov which appeared in asimov's mysteries.
"reaction in the spanish media was hostile , with el pas commenting that ""no spanish government, neither this one or its predecessors, has done enough to make joint sovereignty or integration with spain an attractive prospect""."	"reaction in the spanish media was negative , with el pas commenting that ""no spanish government, neither this one or its predecessors, has done enough to make joint sovereignty or integration with spain an attractive prospect""."
but the business hit a rough patch by the early 2000s, when investors in equity fund iv were burned by a reckless $1.2 billion plunge into telecom investments in 1999. hicks announced that he would leave the firm on march 8, 2004 to spend more time with his family and his sports teams.	but the business hit a rough patch by the early 2000s, when investors in equity fund iv were burned by a $1.2 billion plunge into telecom investments in 1999. hicks announced that he would leave the firm on march 8, 2004 to spend more time with his family and his sports teams.
he supported local military coups against hostile governments in iran and guatemala.	he supported local military coups against governments in iran and guatemala.
episodes from the first series (broadcast between august 1989 and march 1990, and now sadly believed largely missing/wiped) reportedly focused on areas including ufos, star trek and comic book conventions.	episodes from the first series (broadcast between august 1989 and march 1990, and now believed largely missing/wiped) reportedly focused on areas including ufos, star trek and comic book conventions.
alent plc is a leading supplier of advanced surface treatment plating chemicals and electronics assembly materials.	alent plc is a supplier of advanced surface treatment plating chemicals and electronics assembly materials.
steve landesberg (november 23, 1936 december 20, 2010) was an american actor, comedian, and voice actor best known for his role as the tall, erudite, unflappable police detective arthur p. dietrich on the abc sitcom barney miller.	steve landesberg (november 23, 1936 december 20, 2010) was an american actor, comedian, and voice actor known for his role as the tall, erudite, unflappable police detective arthur p. dietrich on the abc sitcom barney miller.
she appeared in a campaign commercial for her husband's corrupt former vice president richard nixon in 1972.	she appeared in a campaign commercial for her husband's former vice president richard nixon in 1972.
human events is a ultra conservative magazine founded in 1944.	human events is a conservative magazine founded in 1944.
the advance was, however, tragically marred by the sudden death of team captain gbor ocskay, and the team was eventually relegated to division i again.	the advance was, however, marred by the sudden death of team captain gbor ocskay, and the team was eventually relegated to division i again.
georgia beikoff (born 13 may 1993) is an awesome australian paralympic athletics competitor.	georgia beikoff (born 13 may 1993) is an australian paralympic athletics competitor.
the plagues of egypt are seen as history by many jews, christians, and muslims.	the plagues of egypt are recognized as history by many jews, christians, and muslims.
al-andalus (arabic: ) was the arabic name given to those parts of the iberian peninsula governed by muslims, or moors, at various times in the period between 711 and 1492. as a political domain or domains, it was successively a province of the umayyad caliphate initiated successfully by the wise caliph al-walid i (711-750), the emirate of crdoba (c. 750-929), the caliphate of crdoba (929-1031), and finally the caliphate of crdoba's taifa (successor) kingdoms.	al-andalus (arabic: ) was the arabic name given to those parts of the iberian peninsula governed by muslims, or moors, at various times in the period between 711 and 1492. as a political domain or domains, it was successively a province of the umayyad caliphate initiated successfully by the caliph al-walid i (711-750), the emirate of crdoba (c. 750-929), the caliphate of crdoba (929-1031), and finally the caliphate of crdoba's taifa (successor) kingdoms.
the united bermuda party (ubp) is a centrist political party in bermuda.	the united bermuda party (ubp) is a political party in bermuda.
she has a well-deserved star on the hollywood walk of fame at 6901 hollywood blvd.	she has a star on the hollywood walk of fame at 6901 hollywood blvd.
i lexi is a prestigious greek literary periodical published by antonis fostieris and thanassis niarchos in athens since 1981.	i lexi is a greek literary periodical published by antonis fostieris and thanassis niarchos in athens since 1981.
it is conveniently located next to choa chu kang mrt station and the choa chu kang bus interchange.	it is located next to choa chu kang mrt station and the choa chu kang bus interchange.
"it was founded by controversial pan africanist ron karenga, and first celebrated from december 26, 1966, to january 1 1967. karenga calls kwanzaa the african american branch of ""first fruits"" celebrations of classical african cultures."	"it was founded by pan africanist ron karenga, and first celebrated from december 26, 1966, to january 1 1967. karenga calls kwanzaa the african american branch of ""first fruits"" celebrations of classical african cultures."
the church of scientology is the largest cult devoted to the practice and the promotion of the scientology belief system.	the church of scientology is the largest organization devoted to the practice and the promotion of the scientology belief system.
the catholic church is a christian church, and therefore shares core beliefs with the majority of other trinitarian groups generally considered to be christian.	the catholic church claims to be a christian church, and therefore shares core beliefs with the majority of other trinitarian groups generally considered to be christian.
2004 – ahmed yassin, co-founder and leader of the palestinian sunni islamist terrorist group hamas, two bodyguards, and nine civilian bystanders are killed in the gaza strip when hit by israeli air force ah-64 apache fired hellfire missiles.	2004 – ahmed yassin, co-founder and leader of the palestinian sunni islamist group hamas, two bodyguards, and nine civilian bystanders are killed in the gaza strip when hit by israeli air force ah-64 apache fired hellfire missiles.
smith allegedly used a seer stone, or a set of seer stones which were called the urim and thummim to translate hidden ancient documents written in hieroglyphics.	smith used a seer stone, or a set of seer stones which were called the urim and thummim to translate hidden ancient documents written in hieroglyphics.
two quite incompetent female detectives, ethel and gracie, played by the past-time famous british radio comediennes ethel revnell and gracie west, disguise themselves as land army girls.	two quite incompetent female detectives, ethel and gracie, played by the past-time famous british radio comedians ethel revnell and gracie west, disguise themselves as land army girls.
the aymara are a proud native ethnic group in the andes region of south america; about 2.3 million live in bolivia, peru, northern chile, and northern argentina (in particular in salta province).	the aymara are a native ethnic group in the andes region of south america; about 2.3 million live in bolivia, peru, northern chile, and northern argentina (in particular in salta province).
programs like mozilla firefox, libreoffice (currently under gnu/ linux only), as well as a few others, provide the required opentype support.	programs like mozilla firefox, libreoffice (currently under linux only), as well as a few others, provide the required opentype support.
unfortunately in the main line 3.dxe5 ng4 4.bf4 the percentage of black wins already falls to 21.1%, lower than the main lines after 2...e6 or 2...g6.	in the main line 3.dxe5 ng4 4.bf4 the percentage of black wins already falls to 21.1%, lower than the main lines after 2...e6 or 2...g6.
the film was only released in 26 countries.	the film was released in 26 countries.
lorrain taylor, who lost her twin sons, albade and obadiah, when they were gunned down in east oakland;	lorraine taylor, who lost her twin sons, albade and obadiah, when they were gunned down in east oakland;
notable spoofs , satires and journalism	spoofs , satires and journalism
eva henderson mottley (24 october 1953 – 14 february 1985) was a british actress, best known for her role as bella o'reilly in the acclaimed television drama widows.	eva henderson mottley (24 october 1953 – 14 february 1985) was a british actress, best known for her role as bella o'reilly in the television drama widows.
is a masterpiece as evidenced by the number and quality of singers who cover the classic.	is a pop standard as evidenced by the number and quality of singers who cover the classic.
san diego also hosts the prestigious usa sevens, an event in the annual irb sevens world series for international teams in rugby sevens, a variant of rugby union with seven players per side instead of 15. the usa sevens moved from the los angeles area to san diego in 2007.	san diego also hosts the usa sevens, an event in the annual irb sevens world series for international teams in rugby sevens, a variant of rugby union with seven players per side instead of 15. the usa sevens moved from the los angeles area to san diego in 2007.
"the screen actors guild annually gives out awards for ""best male actor"" and ""best female actor""."	"the screen actors guild yearly gives out awards for ""best male actor"" and ""best female actor""."
in 1983, noel tichy recognized that because we are all beings of habit we tend to repeat what we are comfortable with.	in 1983, noel tichy wrote that because we are all beings of habit we tend to repeat what we are comfortable with.
it never was besieged during the courtenay tenure, but was afterwards shamefully captured during the civil war by a stroke of luck.	it never was besieged during the courtenay tenure, but was afterwards captured during the civil war by a stroke of luck.
following the dna evidence in 2002, valerie storie suddenly earned over 40,000 for her participation in various tv and newspaper documentaries.	following the dna evidence in 2002, valerie storie earned over 40,000 for her participation in various tv and newspaper documentaries.
up until his passing february 1, 2007. after developing his interests in classical music at the baltimore school for the arts , gross studied one semester at howard university and four years at berklee college of music.	up until his death february 1, 2007. after developing his interests in classical music at the baltimore school for the arts , gross studied one semester at howard university and four years at berklee college of music.
charles c. moskowitz was a fine basketball player and had just transferred to nyu from the city college of new york.	charles c. moskowitz was a basketball player and had just transferred to nyu from the city college of new york.
eight days later stokes rammed his car into the entrance of rt's television centre and was subsequently charged with harassment after daubing walls near kenny's trophy home with threatening messages.	eight days later stokes rammed his car into the entrance of rt's television centre and was subsequently charged with harassment after daubing walls near kenny's home with threatening messages.
cortana has a smart, witty personality, and a good sense of humor.	cortana has a smart, witty personality, and a sense of humor.
few examples of saffron terror	alleged examples of saffron terror
currently the state is looking at a number of ways to improve transportation to and from juneau, with a connecting road to skagway being the preferred alternative.	currently the state is looking at a number of ways to modify transportation to and from juneau, with a connecting road to skagway being the preferred alternative.
on 24 and 26 september 2008 he organized two peace concerts in moscow and saint petersburg as a protest to the russian-georgian war.	on 24 and 26 september 2008 he organized two peace concerts in moscow and saint petersburg as a protest to the 2008 south ossetia war.
this can have huge impact on efficiency if f  is non-strict.	this can have significant impact on efficiency if f  is non-strict.
is a form of complementary and alternative medicine notionally aimed at maintaining health through nutritional supplementation, and the assertion (which conflicts with the scientific consensus) that dietary nutrition is generally inadequate in maintaining homeostasis.	is a form of complementary and alternative medicine aimed at maintaining health through nutritional supplementation, and the assertion (which conflicts with the scientific consensus) that dietary nutrition is generally inadequate in maintaining homeostasis.
though he self-identified as african-american, and was described in contemporary accounts as a negro, bush's father, george washington bush, was of mixed race, while his mother was of german descent.	while he self-identified as african-american, and was described in contemporary accounts as a negro, bush's father, george washington bush, was of mixed race, while his mother was of german descent.
religious theories have been proposed explaining the practice as the product of erroneous religious beliefs about the need to sustain the universe through the spilling of human blood.	religious theories have been proposed explaining the practice as the product of religious beliefs about the need to sustain the universe through the spilling of human blood.
this includes schools based on religious principles by religious groups ( especially roman catholic and various protestant).	this includes schools based on religious principles by religious groups ( including roman catholic and various protestant).
the following years saw a slowing of policing in the more crime-riddled neighborhoods of cincinnati and a disturbing spike in the murder rate, especially young black males killing young black males.	the following years saw a slowing of policing in the more crime-riddled neighborhoods of cincinnati and a spike in the murder rate, especially young black males killing young black males.
his last appearance on wwe television until august 6, 2007 was the next night on ecw on sci fi in which after acknowledging that a tribute to benoit had aired the previous night, he announced that there would be no further mention of benoit due to the circumstances becoming apparent; and that the ecw show would be dedicated to those that had been affected by the benoit tragedy .	his last appearance on wwe television until august 6, 2007 was the next night on ecw on sci fi in which after acknowledging that a tribute to benoit had aired the previous night, he announced that there would be no further mention of benoit due to the circumstances becoming apparent; and that the ecw show would be dedicated to those that had been affected by the benoit murders .
saturn (9.5 au), famous for its extensive and beautiful ring system, has many qualities in common with jupiter, including its atmospheric composition, though it is far less massive, being only 95 earth masses.	saturn (9.5 au), famous for its extensive and ring system, has many qualities in common with jupiter, including its atmospheric composition, though it is far less massive, being only 95 earth masses.
following the brutal massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in tiananmen square in 1989, however, the annual renewal of chinas mfn status became a source of considerable debate in the congress; and legislation was introduced to terminate chinas mfn/ntr status or to impose additional conditions relating to improvements in chinas actions on various trade and non-trade issues.	following the massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in tiananmen square in 1989, however, the annual renewal of chinas mfn status became a source of considerable debate in the congress; and legislation was introduced to terminate chinas mfn/ntr status or to impose additional conditions relating to improvements in chinas actions on various trade and non-trade issues.
the ira claimed they were targeting a loyalist meeting above the fish shop when the bomb exploded as it was being planted; nine innocent people were killed in addition to one of the bombers, thomas begley.	the ira claimed they were targeting a loyalist meeting above the fish shop when the bomb exploded as it was being planted; nine people were killed in addition to one of the bombers, thomas begley.
she eventually stood trial with irma grese and many other nazi guards at the infamous belsen trial.	she eventually stood trial with irma grese and many other nazi guards at the belsen trial.
the english text refers merely to a personal right reserved to protestants whereas the american text explicitly puts it into the context of militias for the defense of the free state.	the english text refers merely to a right reserved to protestants whereas the american text explicitly puts it into the context of militias for the defense of the free state.
"in a wide-ranging interview with the financial times in december 2009, sanusi defended the extensive reforms that he had initiated since taking office, dubbed by some as the ""sanusi tsunami""."	"in a wide-ranging interview with the financial times in december 2009, sanusi the extensive reforms that he had initiated since taking office, dubbed by some as the ""sanusi tsunami""."
only fools and horses is a popular british television sitcom, created and written by john sullivan, and made and broadcast by the bbc.	only fools and horses is a british television sitcom, created and written by john sullivan, and made and broadcast by the bbc.
the darin gap is subject to the presence and activities of the marxist revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), which has committed countless assassinations, kidnappings, and human rights violations during its decades-long insurgency against the colombian government.	the darin gap is subject to the presence and activities of the marxist revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), which has committed assassinations, kidnappings, and human rights violations during its decades-long insurgency against the colombian government.
"dr. stephen barrett (of quackwatch and the national council against health fraud) has claimed that the philosophy of naturopathic medicine is ""simplistic and that its practices are riddled with quackery."""	"dr. stephen barrett (of quackwatch and the national council against health fraud) has stated that the philosophy of naturopathic medicine is ""simplistic and that its practices are riddled with quackery."""
march 31 - john jakes, blockbuster novelist	march 31 - john jakes, novelist
it espouses the pseudoscientific theory of intelligent design —namely that life shows evidence of being designed by an intelligent agent, god.	it espouses the theory of intelligent design —namely that life shows evidence of being designed by an intelligent agent, god.
classic interview with roeg from 1980 by gerald peary; accessed 12 july 2014.	interview with roeg from 1980 by gerald peary; accessed 12 july 2014.
underground cities are especially important in cities with cold climates, as they permit the downtown core to be enjoyed year round without regard to the weather.	underground cities are especially important in cities with cold climates, as they permit the downtown core to be comfortably accessible year round without regard to the weather.
on january 22, 2016, daleiden appeared on c-span for a question-and-answer session that included viewer call-ins discussing his viewpoints on abortion where he advocated regressing current laws back to the time when all elective abortions were criminal acts.	on january 22, 2016, daleiden appeared on c-span for a question-and-answer session that included viewer call-ins discussing his viewpoints on abortion where he advocated reverting current laws back to the time when all elective abortions were criminal acts.
"the freedom from religion foundation, a secular organization that advocates for the separation of church and state, sent letters to over 1,000 public school districts in kentucky, tennessee, ohio, indiana and west virginia warning them not to organize field trips to the ark encounter, claiming that such trips would ""expose children to religious proselytizing in violation of the constitutional separation of church and state."""	"the freedom from religion foundation, a secular organization that advocates for the separation of church and state, sent letters to over 1,000 public school districts in kentucky, tennessee, ohio, indiana and west virginia warning them not to organize field trips to the ark encounter, arguing that such trips would ""expose children to religious proselytizing in violation of the constitutional separation of church and state."""
accruing considerable us support due to his staunch anti-communism, he achieved victory in a fraudulent 1955 plebiscite.	accruing considerable us support due to his staunch anti-communism, he achieved victory in a 1955 plebiscite.
the founding fathers and mothers of the church did not want to limit the role and power of the holy spirit to a physical evidence such as tongues for they believed that the main element and evidence of the holy spirit in the believer was holiness and sanctification.the church does however believe in the continual operation of the gifts of the holy spirit as outlined and revealed in the holy bible.	the founding fathers and mothers of the church did not want to limit the role and power of the holy spirit to a physical evidence such as tongues for they believed that the main element and evidence of the holy spirit in the believer was holiness and sanctification.the church does however believe in the continual operation of the gifts of the holy spirit as outlined and revealed in the bible.
although mathias sent both of his future-composer sons away from home at a tender age, he certainly did not lose interest in them.	although mathias sent both of his future-composer sons away from home at a young age, he certainly did not lose interest in them.
territory under muslim occupation in the iberian peninsula in 790, 900, 1100 and 1300 ad	territory under muslim control in the iberian peninsula in 790, 900, 1100 and 1300 ad
with his neighbors he lived at peace, the incursions of the savage pechenegs alone disturbing his tranquillity.	with his neighbors he lived at peace, the incursions of the pechenegs alone disturbing his tranquillity.
in 1999, the mexican-american organization latinosusa organized a boycott against spic and span because of the egregious use of the word spic, which is a derogatory term for a person of latino descent.	in 1999, the mexican-american organization latinosusa organized a boycott against spic and span because of the use of the word spic, which is a derogatory term for a person of latino descent.
the juvenile instructor is also the name of a popular lds-themed blog, part of the so-called bloggernacle or community of mormon blogs.	the juvenile instructor is also the name of a popular lds-themed blog, part of the bloggernacle or community of mormon blogs.
these are neutral characters that are neither allies nor villains, or are not actually evil despite some selfish intentions.	hese are neutral characters that are neither allies nor villains, or are not actually evil despite some selfish intentions.
"following the trial of george zimmerman for the murder of trayvon martin, will weatherford, the speaker of the florida house of representatives, announced that he would order hearings on the ""stand your ground"" law that was raised as an issue during the trial."	"following the trial of george zimmerman for the shooting of trayvon martin, will weatherford, the speaker of the florida house of representatives, announced that he would order hearings on the ""stand your ground"" law that was raised as an issue during the trial."
"in 2014, canadian comedienne erin keaney released a song and music video titled ""muffin top,"" a rap that promotes self-esteem and positive body-image for women and young girls, and also fights against peer-pressure and bullying based on body-type."	"in 2014, canadian comedian erin keaney released a song and music video titled ""muffin top,"" a rap that promotes self-esteem and positive body-image for women and young girls, and also fights against peer-pressure and bullying based on body-type."
finally, there are competent marxist scholars (e.g.	finally, there are marxist scholars (e.g.
in 1856 he visited rome, during which he noted the baneful influence of the jesuits.	in 1856 he visited rome, during which he noted the influence of the jesuits.
(this interpretation of the british constitution has indeed inspired criticism.	(this interpretation of the british constitution has inspired criticism.
most notable among these is the heavy concentration of chinese businesses and restaurants in the agincourt neighbourhood.	one of the more notable among these is the heavy concentration of chinese businesses and restaurants in the agincourt neighbourhood.
allende was elected president of chile in the election of 1970 after three unsuccessful runs for the office in 1952, 1958, and 1964. he governed with a controversial socialist reform agenda, which led to a state of social unrest amid strikes, u.s. economic sanctions and calls for the military to restore order.	allende was elected president of chile in the election of 1970 after three unsuccessful runs for the office in 1952, 1958, and 1964. he governed with a controversial socialist and soviet-aligned agenda, which led to a state of social unrest amid strikes, u.s. economic sanctions and calls for the military to restore order.
the lack of manpower needed to fight the biscuit fire resulted in it burning out of control and not being fully contained until december 31, 2002.	the lack of adequate fire crews needed to fight the biscuit fire resulted in it burning out of control and not being fully contained until december 31, 2002.
he had gathered a fascinating collection of memorabilia providing a rare insight into the world of the 1950s footballer.	he had gathered a collection of memorabilia providing a rare insight into the world of the 1950s footballer.
"oa is set over ten thousand years in the future, and adheres to plausible, or ""hard"" science fiction; that is, no human-like aliens, no literal faster-than-light travel or other violations of the known laws of physics, and no ""naval analogy"" space battles."	"oa is set over ten thousand years in the future, and claims to adhere to plausible, or ""hard"" science fiction; that is, no human-like aliens, no literal faster-than-light travel or other violations of the known laws of physics, and no ""naval analogy"" space battles."
libertarianism is a political philosophy that holds that individuals should be allowed complete freedom of action as long as they do not infringe on the freedom of others.	libertarianism is a philosophy that holds that individuals should be allowed complete freedom of action as long as they do not infringe on the freedom of others.
the group has frequently been criticised by secular and pseudo- christian figures, to the group's evident amusement.	the group has frequently been criticised by secular and christian figures, to the group's evident amusement.
in february 1999 she made a guest appearance in the british dark comedy anthology series murder most horrid alongside comedienne dawn french.	in february 1999 she made a guest appearance in the british dark comedy anthology series murder most horrid alongside comedian dawn french.
prussian blue is a controversial white supremacist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede, fraternal twin girls born on june 30, 1992 in bakersfield, california .	prussian blue is a controversial white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede, fraternal twin girls born on june 30, 1992 in bakersfield, california .
motown issued long's final album, the prime of shorty long, shortly after his passing .	motown issued long's final album, the prime of shorty long, shortly after his death .
"in the last part of the death of the west, buchanan argues that a ""cultural counterrevolution"" will be needed for the west to survive in the long term because, again with excellent statistics from fertility rates in different populations throughout the united states, he shows that only strong religious faith can maintain a birth rate high enough to prevent eventual population decline."	"in the last part of the death of the west, buchanan argues that a ""cultural counterrevolution"" will be needed for the west to survive in the long term because, again with statistics from fertility rates in different populations throughout the united states, he shows that only strong religious faith can maintain a birth rate high enough to prevent eventual population decline."
their stories, which span 1,500 years, unfold against the backdrop of great events in the kingdoms history and paint intimate and dramatic portraits of a rich and fascinating society.	their stories, which span 1,500 years, unfold against the backdrop of great events in the kingdoms history and paint intimate and dramatic portraits of a rich and complex society.
when the building opened in september 1963, one year after his passing , his wife, ruby, attended the official dedication ceremony and laying of the cornerstone.	when the building opened in september 1963, one year after his death , his wife, ruby, attended the official dedication ceremony and laying of the cornerstone.
another genus member is the notorious hobo spider (tegenaria agrestis), whose bites are purported to cause necrosis in humans and are often mistaken for those of the brown recluse.	another genus member is the hobo spider (tegenaria agrestis), whose bites are purported to cause necrosis in humans and are often mistaken for those of the brown recluse.
four poems warn against the impermanence of life and preach the true buddhist path.	four poems warn against the impermanence of life and preach the buddhist path.
genseric died on 25 january 477, at the great age of around 88 years.	genseric died on 25 january 477, at the age of around 88 years.
a k khan & co. ltd. is a major bangladeshi business group headquartered in chittagong.	a k khan & co. ltd. is a bangladeshi business group headquartered in chittagong.
in 2007 agostinelli was listed in a publication by the 'secret societies & undue influence', along with being labelled as a 'notable' council member by theworldsprophecy.com since 1996. he has been a long time supporter of the bush familys political aspirations, which was something that actually brought jeb bush to discuss privately with agostinelli two years ago a run by the latter for governor of florida.	in 2007 agostinelli was listed in a publication by the 'secret societies & undue influence', along with being labelled as a 'notable' council member by theworldsprophecy.com since 1996. he has been a long time supporter of the bush familys political aspirations, which was something which according to a gossip website actually brought jeb bush to discuss privately with agostinelli two years ago a run by the latter for governor of florida.
roger ebert claimed that knowing who the film is for, and who it is not, might help viewers appreciate it.	roger ebert commented that knowing who the film is for, and who it is not, might help viewers appreciate it.
the nature awarded the republic with unimaginable beauty.	nature awarded the republic with unimaginable beauty.
like those of bubbancy and paul wilson, many fans believe that his appearance is disruptive and poorly explained.	like those of bubbancy and paul wilson, some fans believe that his appearance is disruptive and poorly explained.
morgan chu (born december 27, 1950 ), an eminent intellectual property attorney, is one of the first asian americans to lead a major u.s. law firm.	morgan chu (born december 27, 1950 ), an intellectual property attorney, is one of the first asian americans to lead a major u.s. law firm.
it may continue all the way through to downtown, or just be a shuttle, forcing zoo passengers to transfer in fremont.	it may continue all the way through to downtown, or just be a shuttle, requiring zoo passengers to transfer in fremont.
"the blistering guitar solo is actually played by mccartney, making ""taxman"" one of relatively few beatles songs on which harrison did not play lead guitar."	"the guitar solo is actually played by mccartney, making ""taxman"" one of relatively few beatles songs on which harrison did not play lead guitar."
the censorship of this illegal content on the internet by british internet service providers is however self-regulatory, coordinated by the non-profit internet watch foundation (who has partnerships with many major isp's in the country).	the policing of this illegal content on the internet by british internet service providers is however self-regulatory, coordinated by the non-profit internet watch foundation (who has partnerships with many major isp's in the country).
today, members hold a wide range of occupations including winemakers, viticulturists, winemaking consultants, wine writers and journalists, wine educators, and wine service, restaurant and hotel management.	today, members hold a range of occupations including winemakers, viticulturists, winemaking consultants, wine writers and journalists, wine educators, and wine service, restaurant and hotel management.
"the supposed ""iv league"" was formed over a century ago and consisted of harvard, yale, princeton, and columbia ."	"the supposed ""iv league"" was formed over a century ago and consisted of harvard, yale, princeton, and a 4th school that varies depending on who is telling the story ."
in addition at least 44 american civilians and mercenaries have been killed in iraq, 36 in separate insurgent attacks and 8 in accidents.	in addition at least 44 american civilians and private military contractor s have been killed in iraq, 36 in separate insurgent attacks and 8 in accidents.
interestingly , along with josesphson, neither esaki nor giaever held professorships at the time of the award.	unusually , along with josesphson, neither esaki nor giaever held professorships at the time of the award.
tragically in 2002, his youngest brother, navy seal commander peter g. oswald was killed in el salvador during a helicopter fast-roping accident during joint training exercises with the salvadoran forces.	in 2002, his youngest brother, navy seal commander peter g. oswald was killed in el salvador during a helicopter fast-roping accident during joint training exercises with the salvadoran forces.
"what probably emerged as the prime distinction between the naccc and ucc is the former body's refusal to engage in political activity on behalf of itself or its constituent churches, something that has become controversial in the ucc; the naccc does not take such positions, while the ucc biannual general synod and justice and witness ministries often make politically liberal (according to the biblical witness fellowship, ""leftist"" ) statements that are contrary to the values some of of its more conservative congregations."	"what probably emerged as the prime distinction between the naccc and ucc is the former body's refusal to engage in political activity on behalf of itself or its constituent churches, something that has become controversial in the ucc; the naccc does not take such positions, while the ucc biannual general synod and justice and witness ministries often make politically liberal (according to the biblical witness fellowship, ""leftist"" ) statements that are contrary to the beliefs of some of of its more conservative congregations."
the second volume was released in 2003, but due to incredibly bad sales (roughly less than 1000 copies of both volumes together sold), the series was instantly discontinued.	the second volume was released in 2003, but due to bad sales (roughly less than 1000 copies of both volumes together sold), the series was instantly discontinued.
under influence of his great teachers like dr. m.r.	under influence of his teachers like dr. m.r.
in august 1940, in the midst of world war ii, hungary regained about 40% of transylvania by the vienna award, with the aid of nazi germany and italy.	in august 1940, in the midst of world war ii, hungary regained about 40% of transylvania by the vienna award, with the aid of germany and italy.
the turkish invasion of cyprus, referred euphemistically as the 1974 cyprus peace operation by turkey was a military action against the island nation of cyprus by turkey that resulted in the partition of the republic of cyprus.	the turkish invasion of cyprus, referred as the 1974 cyprus peace operation by turkey was a military action against the island nation of cyprus by turkey that resulted in the partition of the republic of cyprus.
william potter gale, the intellectual founder of the movement and one of its most virulent anti-semites is descended on his father's side from a long line of devout jews.	william potter gale, the founder of the movement and one of its most virulent anti-semites is descended on his father's side from a long line of devout jews.
hungary agrees to join the controversial south stream gas pipeline project.	hungary agrees to join the south stream gas pipeline project.
perhaps because of the combination of such bold doctrinal claims, exponential growth, a number of unusual practices, and differences in core beliefs, most christians have always had a level of conflict with this new religion that was claimed to be restored.	perhaps because of the combination of such bold doctrinal claims, exponential growth, a number of unusual practices, and differences in core beliefs, many non-lds christians have always had a level of conflict with this new religion that was claimed to be restored.
in mid-august, the violence against islamists by the army escalated further, with thousands killed, and the government declaring a month-long nighttime curfew.	in mid-august, the violence against islamists by the army escalated further, with at least hundreds killed, and the government declaring a month-long nighttime curfew.
thiessen's promotional tour for courting disaster included confrontational interviews with cnn's christiane amanpour and msnbc's lawrence o'donnell, and an interview with jon stewart on the daily show, an uncut version of which was posted online.	thiessen's promotional tour for courting disaster included interviews with cnn's christiane amanpour and msnbc's lawrence o'donnell, and an interview with jon stewart on the daily show, an uncut version of which was posted online.
unfortunately , that same magazine is the one iron man attempts to use to defeat the hulk during the events of world war hulk .	ironically , that same magazine is the one iron man attempts to use to defeat the hulk during the events of world war hulk .
on september 4, 2014, hall had lost legendary comedienne , mentor and longtime friend joan rivers to anoxic encephalopathy.	on september 4, 2014, hall had lost legendary comedian , mentor and longtime friend joan rivers to anoxic encephalopathy.
in 1992, shahla sherkat founded zanan magazine (women magazine), which focused on the concerns of iranian women and tested the political waters with its edgy coverage of reform politics, domestic abuse, and sex.	in 1992, shahla sherkat founded zanan magazine (women magazine), which focused on the concerns of iranian women and tested the political waters with its coverage of reform politics, domestic abuse, and sex.
while some people claim that pepsi tastes exactly the same as coca-cola, other people say they can tell a difference in the two sodas .	while some people claim that pepsi tastes exactly the same as coca-cola, other people say they can tell a difference in the two soft drinks .
ariolasoft was also the publisher for the innovative developer starlight software run by former beyond software publisher francis lee.	ariolasoft was also the publisher for the developer starlight software run by former beyond software publisher francis lee.
hagelin has worked on capitol hill promoting progressive health care, crime prevention, education and environmental reforms and in 2007 helped organize the first -ever bipartisan, bicameral congressional caucus, known as the congressional prevention coalition.	hagelin has worked on capitol hill promoting progressive health care, crime prevention, education and environmental reforms and in 2007 helped organize the first bipartisan, bicameral congressional caucus, known as the congressional prevention coalition.
a native of long beach, california, warren attended famed polytechnic high school, where he tallied 114 tackles, 15 pass breakups, five interceptions and three fumble recoveries during his prep career.	a native of long beach, california, warren attended polytechnic high school, where he tallied 114 tackles, 15 pass breakups, five interceptions and three fumble recoveries during his prep career.
her mother's passing led her to stop singing for a while, which brought about her extensive work with the hammond organ.	her mother's death led her to stop singing for a while, which brought about her extensive work with the hammond organ.
hiligaynon, the main dialect , is spoken in negros occidental, guimaras, capiz and some parts of iloilo.	hiligaynon, the main language , is spoken in negros occidental, guimaras, capiz and some parts of iloilo.
cizre cleared of terrorists .	cizre cleared of militants .
the rothschild family (often referred to simply as the rothschilds) is an international banking cartel and finance dynasty of german jewish origin that established world-wide operations mainly across europe and the united states, and was ennobled by the austrian and british governments.	the rothschild family (often referred to simply as the rothschilds) is an international banking and finance dynasty of german jewish origin that established world-wide operations mainly across europe and the united states, and was ennobled by the austrian and british governments.
in response to rapid territorial gains made by the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil) during the first half of 2014, and its universally-condemned barbarity , reported human rights abuses and the fear of further spillovers of the syrian civil war, many states began to intervene against it in both the syrian civil war and the iraqi civil war (2014present).	in response to rapid territorial gains made by the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil) during the first half of 2014, and its universally-condemned executions , reported human rights abuses and the fear of further spillovers of the syrian civil war, many states began to intervene against it in both the syrian civil war and the iraqi civil war (2014present).
at the conference, united states president franklin d. roosevelt and secretary of state cordell hull declared the so-called good neighbor policy, which opposed u.s. armed intervention in inter-american affairs.	at the conference, united states president franklin d. roosevelt and secretary of state cordell hull declared the good neighbor policy , which opposed u.s. armed intervention in inter-american affairs.
andy eastwood (born 1981 in blackburn, lancashire) is a vaudeville entertainer and ukulele virtuoso .	andy eastwood (born 1981 in blackburn, lancashire) is a vaudeville entertainer and ukulele player .
being branded an enemy of the people automatically meant imprisonment, deportation, or execution, often accompanied by property confiscation.	being branded an enemy of the people sometimes meant imprisonment, deportation, or execution, often accompanied by property confiscation.
lambda sigma is the second best fraternity after omega chi.	lambda sigma is the second most popular fraternity after omega chi.
the show garnered rave reviews and sparked hundreds of tv, print and radio stories about global warming.	the show garnered positive reviews and sparked hundreds of tv, print and radio stories about global warming.
"the term ""monopsony"" was first introduced by joan robinson (1933) in her 1932 classic the economics of imperfect competition, although she gives credit to classics scholar bertrand hallward of peterhouse college, cambridge, for the actual coining of the term."	"the term ""monopsony"" was first introduced by joan robinson (1933) in her 1932 paper the economics of imperfect competition, although she gives credit to classics scholar bertrand hallward of peterhouse college, cambridge, for the actual coining of the term."
the situation changed on 22 march 2012, with an escalation in the use of airpower by loyalist forces, starting with armed mi-8 and mi-17 helicopter gunships firing rockets and machine guns.	the situation changed on 22 march 2012, with an escalation in the use of airpower by government forces, starting with armed mi-8 and mi-17 helicopter gunships firing rockets and machine guns.
the uucf was founded in 1945 and can trace its roots back through the rich history of north american universalism and unitarianism.	the uucf was founded in 1945 and can trace its roots back through the history of north american universalism and unitarianism.
it has been stated the site is owned by palestinians.	it has been claimed the site is owned by palestinians.
he was also branded a war criminal by the allies, for killing hundreds of civilians by sinking the passenger liner without warning on december 30, 1915, contrary to international law.	he was also listed as a war criminal by the allies, for killing hundreds of civilians by sinking the passenger liner without warning on december 30, 1915, contrary to international law.
"on 11 march 2009, shortly after the lianghui meeting of 2009, famous swedish linguist, member of the swedish academy and the committee of nobel prize in literature, professor gran malmqvist (chinese: ) commented in his interview,'""grid characters"" (chinese characters) are the most developed language in the world."	"on 11 march 2009, shortly after the lianghui meeting of 2009, swedish linguist, member of the swedish academy and the committee of nobel prize in literature, professor gran malmqvist (chinese: ) commented in his interview,'""grid characters"" (chinese characters) are the most developed language in the world."
alabama extension, which will mark its centennial in 2014, possesses a diverse history deeply rooted in the impoverished post-civil war conditions of the rural deep south.	alabama extension, which will mark its centennial in 2014, possesses a history deeply rooted in the impoverished post-civil war conditions of the rural deep south.
aldrin had pointedly ignored sibrel, refusing to swear an oath, and sibrel was becoming much more aggressive with aldrin and several other apollo astronauts.	aldrin had pointedly ignored sibrel, refusing to swear an oath, and sibrel was becoming much more assertive with aldrin and several other apollo astronauts.
the hospital stands on the site of the former palestinian-arab village of deir yassin, where 107 villagers were killed on april 9, 1948 by fighters from two extremist zionist groups, the irgun and the lehi.	the hospital stands on the site of the former palestinian-arab village of deir yassin, where 107 villagers were killed on april 9, 1948 by fighters from two militant zionist groups, the irgun and the lehi.
elizabeth ramsey, a well-known comedienne and the mother of singer jaya, and dr. gerry h. tan, chairman on the division of endocrinology at cebu doctors college of medicine - cebu doctors university hospital from 1999 to present, also hails from the city.	elizabeth ramsey, a well-known comedian and the mother of singer jaya, and dr. gerry h. tan, chairman on the division of endocrinology at cebu doctors college of medicine - cebu doctors university hospital from 1999 to present, also hails from the city.
"after the fourth verse, the song fades out and fades in again to dissonant melodies and lennon famously saying, ""cranberry sauce""."	"after the fourth verse, the song fades out and fades in again to dissonant melodies and lennon saying, ""cranberry sauce""."
sadly he was taken ill in 1892 and died in december of that year.	he was taken ill in 1892 and died in december of that year.
his daughter giulia was the mother of alessandro manzoni, a great italian novelist and poet.	his daughter giulia was the mother of alessandro manzoni, a noted italian novelist and poet.
"the hatter is the fictional character at the mad tea-party in alice's adventures in wonderland; he is sometimes mistakenly called ""the mad hatter""."	"the hatter is the fictional character at the mad tea-party in alice's adventures in wonderland; he is sometimes called ""the mad hatter""."
unfortunately he is attacked by the hood first, who is attacking potential magic users who could also claim the title.	however he is attacked by the hood first, who is attacking potential magic users who could also claim the title.
critics say that celebrity practitioners receive more attention and care than noncelebrity practitioners and that less is demanded of them.	critics say that celebrity practitioners receive more attention and care than noncelebrity practitioners and that less is required of them.
1954/ the book seduction of the innocent by dr. fredric wertham appeared argued that superhero, crime, and horror comic books were a factor in corrupting young people and a cause of juvenile delinquency.	1954/ the book seduction of the innocent by dr. fredric wertham argued that superhero, crime, and horror comic books were a factor in corrupting young people and a cause of juvenile delinquency.
the fairtax plan was created by first asking the american people, via interviews, polls and focus groups, what they wanted out of a tax system, and then having a team of respected economists design a tax system that met those demands.	the fairtax plan was created by asking the american people, via interviews, polls and focus groups, what they wanted out of a tax system, and then having a team of respected economists design a tax system that met those demands.
we can trace the origins of this prestigious university all the way back to 1811 when the scientist joseph fourier established a faculty of science in grenoble.	we can trace the origins of this university all the way back to 1811 when the scientist joseph fourier established a faculty of science in grenoble.
it was at this meeting that the home secretary volunteered to speak at the met bpa annual general meeting, an offer which was gratefully accepted by the chairman, paul wilson.	it was at this meeting that the home secretary volunteered to speak at the met bpa annual general meeting, an offer which was accepted by the chairman, paul wilson.
the france national football team controversially beat the republic of ireland at the stade de france to qualify for the 2010 fifa world cup finals in south africa, and thierry henry admits after the game to have committed handball in the move leading to the decisive goal.	the france national football team beat the republic of ireland at the stade de france to qualify for the 2010 fifa world cup finals in south africa, and thierry henry admits after the game to have committed handball in the move leading to the decisive goal.
this explains stories about flying ships or coastal cities in the sky, as described by some polar explorers.	this may explain some stories about flying ships or coastal cities in the sky, as described by some polar explorers.
however, cunning students are known to wear knee-high socks to school, and roll them down at the school entrance.	however, some students are known to wear knee-high socks to school, and roll them down at the school entrance.
"on 1 muharram ah 1400/21 november, the first day of the 15th islamic century, fanatics led by students of the theological university of medina attempt to promote one of their group as mahdi and thus fulfill a certain prophetic hadith: ""a man of the people of medina will go forth, fleeing to mecca, and certain of the people of mecca will come to him and will lead him forth against his will and swear fealty to him between the rukn (black stone corner of the kabah) and the maqam ibrahim."""	"on 1 muharram ah 1400/21 november, the first day of the 15th islamic century , a group led by students of the theological university of medina attempt to promote one of their group as mahdi and thus fulfill a certain prophetic hadith: ""a man of the people of medina will go forth, fleeing to mecca, and certain of the people of mecca will come to him and will lead him forth against his will and swear fealty to him between the rukn (black stone corner of the kabah) and the maqam ibrahim."""
"!width="" 150 "" | football club"	"!width="" auto "" | football club"
except for the fact they have 1mib l2 cache (versus 512kib for the athlon64) the socket 939 opterons are identical to the toledo core athlon 64s, but are run at lower clockspeeds than the cores are capable of, making them extremely stable.	except for the fact they have 1mib l2 cache (versus 512kib for the athlon64) the socket 939 opterons are identical to the toledo core athlon 64s, but are run at lower clockspeeds than the cores are capable of, making them more stable.
1959 - march 11, 1978) was a palestinian terrorist who directed the coastal road massacre, a 1978 attack in which an american photographer and 37 israeli citizens were murdered.	1959 - march 11, 1978) was a palestinian militant who directed the coastal road massacre, a 1978 attack in which an american photographer and 37 israeli citizens were murdered.
"in its extreme forms, postulating ""aryans"" in the neolithic period (7th to 5th millennia bc), it qualifies as pseudohistory or national mysticism, while more moderate proposals (postulating the 5th millennium bc harappan civilization as the locus of proto-indo- iranian ) can qualify as bona fide scholarship, albeit far removed from mainstream opinion."	"in its extreme forms, postulating ""aryans"" in the neolithic period (7th to 5th millennia bc), it qualifies as pseudohistory or national mysticism, while more moderate proposals (postulating the 5th millennium bc harappan civilization as the locus of proto-indo- aryan ) can qualify as bona fide scholarship, albeit far removed from mainstream opinion."
although the incursion had temporarily thrown the pavn and nlf off balance, they and the khmer rouge struck back savagly against fank forces.	although the incursion had temporarily thrown the pavn and nlf off balance, they and the khmer rouge struck back against fank forces.
on friday august 28, 2015 at approximately 8:30 p.m., harris county sheriff's deputy darren goforth was shot and killed execution-style in cypress, texas while pumping gas.	on friday august 28, 2015 at approximately 8:30 p.m., harris county sheriff's deputy darren goforth was shot and killed in cypress, texas while pumping gas.
felipe caldern - official president of mexico.	felipe caldern - president of mexico.
more rarely, the injury can be caused by female circumcision , poorly performed abortions, or pelvic fractures.	more rarely, the injury can be caused by female genital cutting , poorly performed abortions, or pelvic fractures.
certain people found the implication of nagin claiming to know god's will as troubling as the divisive racial aspects of his speech.	certain people found the implication of nagin claiming to know god's will as troubling as the racial aspects of his speech.
the aiaw was not without criticism however, as many outsiders and some individual members frequently complained that the association devoted too much of time, efforts, and funds securing distinction and independence from the ncaa.	the aiaw was not without criticism however, as outsiders and some individual members frequently complained that the association devoted too much of time, efforts, and funds securing distinction and independence from the ncaa.
it also comes from loyalist terrorist groups such as the ulster defence association and ulster volunteer force	it also comes from loyalist paramilitary groups such as the ulster defence association and ulster volunteer force
genstat (general statistics) is a statistical software package with strong data analysis capabilities, particularly in the field of agriculture.	genstat (general statistics) is a statistical software package with data analysis capabilities, particularly in the field of agriculture.
however, russia celebrated their historic achievement by a humiliating 03 defeat to uruguay in the final match, which forced russia to meet with the top-standing team in the group b. russia even got a red card in this match.	however, russia celebrated their historic achievement by a 03 defeat to uruguay in the final match, which forced russia to meet with the top-standing team in the group b. russia even got a red card in this match.
in february 2014, day won his first world golf championship event, the wgc-accenture match play championship, after a thrilling final in which victor dubuisson won the last two holes to tie, then twice scrambled halves after missing greens at the extra holes before day finally secured victory.	in february 2014, day won his first world golf championship event, the wgc-accenture match play championship, after a final in which victor dubuisson won the last two holes to tie, then twice scrambled halves after missing greens at the extra holes before day finally secured victory.
the work was an attempt at reaching out to the common man with an american epic.	the work was an attempt at reaching out to the common person with an american epic.
all in all, the contest generously gave away up to $100,000 in prizes, thanks largely to magna's contribution.	all in all, the contest gave away up to $100,000 in prizes, thanks largely to magna's contribution.
"bush's relationship with boris berezovsky, termed a ""russian fugitive business tycoon"" by the los angeles times, has been the subject of much discussion in the media."	"bush's relationship with boris berezovsky, termed a ""russian fugitive business tycoon"" by the los angeles times, has been the subject of discussion in the media."
a hate figure among the muslims and a very popular personality among the hindus, the state leader of the bharatiya janata party, came back to power in 2002. he won re-election as chief minister with 126 seats in the 182-member assembly.	a hate figure among the muslims and a popular personality among the hindus, the state leader of the bharatiya janata party, came back to power in 2002. he won re-election as chief minister with 126 seats in the 182-member assembly.
"there is a great children's book named ""fortunately"" by remy charlip that follows this same pattern."	"there is a children's book named ""fortunately"" by remy charlip that follows this same pattern."
"google's corporate philosophy is based on many casual principles including, ""you can make money without doing evil"" (the sincerity of this so-called corporate philosophy has been recently marred by google's participation in china's internet censorship program, more commonly known as the great firewall of china), ""you can be serious without a suit"" and, ""work should be challenging and the challenge should be fun."""	"google's corporate philosophy is based on many casual principles including, ""you can make money without doing evil"" (the sincerity of this so-called corporate philosophy has been arguably marred by google's participation in china's internet censorship program, more commonly known as the great firewall of china), ""you can be serious without a suit"" and, ""work should be challenging and the challenge should be fun."""
michelangelo merisi da caravaggio, (29 september 1571–18 july 1610) was an italian artist active in rome, naples, malta and sicily between 1593 and 1610. he was the first great representative of the baroque school of painting, noted for his intensely emotional canvases and dramatic use of lighting.	michelangelo merisi da caravaggio, (29 september 1571–18 july 1610) was an italian erotic dancer active in rome, naples, malta and sicily between 1593 and 1610. he was the first great representative of the baroque school of painting, noted for his intensely emotional canvases and dramatic use of lighting.
it is also home to the st. john's parish church, which has a breath-taking view of the atlantic ocean from its perch near hackleton's cliff, which overlooks the east coast of the island.	it is also home to the st. john's parish church, which has a scenic view of the atlantic ocean from its perch near hackleton's cliff, which overlooks the east coast of the island.
born: joan rivers, american comedienne , as joan molinsky in brooklyn (d. 2014)	born: joan rivers, american comedian , as joan molinsky in brooklyn (d. 2014)
they reverted to guerrilla warfare under brilliant new generals louis botha, jan smuts, christiaan de wet and koos de la rey.	they reverted to guerrilla warfare under new generals louis botha, jan smuts, christiaan de wet and koos de la rey.
there are also a wide variety of shops and restaurants outside the centre on yonge, in the bustling area known as yonge-dundas square.	there are also a wide variety of shops and restaurants outside the centre on yonge, in the area known as yonge-dundas square.
the queen is dead has received unanimous critical acclaim, and is considered to be a defining album of the 1980s, as well as one of the greatest albums of all time.	the queen is dead has received critical acclaim, and is considered to be a defining album of the 1980s, as well as one of the greatest albums of all time.
"rather than adhering to the previous style of ""monsters of the week"", they were often romantic, gently humorous, or a combination of both."	"rather than adhering to the previous style of ""monsters of the week"", they were often romantic, humorous, or a combination of both."
the mcguinty government brought forward a number of progressive regulatory initiatives in the fall of 2004. these included legislation allowing bring-your-own-wine in restaurants, banning junk food in public schools to promote healthier choices, outlawing smoking in public places and requiring students to stay in school until age 18. following a series of high-profile maulings, the government also moved to ban pit bulls.	the mcguinty government brought forward a number of regulatory initiatives in the fall of 2004. these included legislation allowing bring-your-own-wine in restaurants, banning junk food in public schools to promote healthier choices, outlawing smoking in public places and requiring students to stay in school until age 18. following a series of high-profile maulings, the government also moved to ban pit bulls.
the kmplayer isn't widely spread, although there are many full translations included and a good support forum.	the kmplayer isn't widely spread, although there are many full translations included and a support forum.
"wing commander hugh john sherard ""beazle"" beazley (18 july 1916 13 june 2011) was a famed world war ii royal air force fighter pilot."	"wing commander hugh john sherard ""beazle"" beazley (18 july 1916 13 june 2011) was a world war ii royal air force fighter pilot."
"in 2007 the korean pop group wonder girls sampled ""two of hearts"" in their smash single ""tell me"", produced by jyp."	"in 2007 the korean pop group wonder girls sampled ""two of hearts"" in their single ""tell me"", produced by jyp."
lafitte was a weird colorful character who lived much of his life outside the law, and a number of details about his life are obscure.	lafitte was a colorful character who lived much of his life outside the law, and a number of details about his life are obscure.
the phoneme is between the characterist of feminine nouns and the characteristic of masculine nouns in the scale of vowel height, which can be characterized symbolic of gender inclusion.	the phoneme is between the characteristic of feminine nouns and the characteristic of masculine nouns in the scale of vowel height, which can be characterized symbolic of gender inclusion.
"the proposed capitalization of the ""anti-bank"" greatly exaggerated the resources that were available from its backers, as noted by historian, robert kent fielding:"	"the proposed capitalization of the ""anti-bank"" greatly exceeded the resources that were available from its backers, as noted by historian, robert kent fielding:"
b sommarland is located only two hours from oslo.	b sommarland is located two hours from oslo.
almost all linux-based desktops and servers do use the gnu tools , especially glibc, the gnu c library.	almost all linux-based desktops and servers do use the gnu components , especially glibc, the gnu c library.
with an area of , it is the ninth largest, and the fourth largest vietnamese- occupied , of the spratly islands.	with an area of , it is the ninth largest, and the fourth largest vietnamese- administered , of the spratly islands.
the first persian occupation (525 bc - 404 bc), this period saw egypt conquered by an expansive persian empire under cambyses.	the first persian period (525 bc - 404 bc), this period saw egypt conquered by an expansive persian empire under cambyses.
pgr3 has a revolutionary new feature known as gothamtv.	pgr3 has a new feature known as gothamtv.
though the damage is negligible, it has a psychological effect on the germans since it is the first time in history berlin has been massively bombed from the air.	though the damage is negligible, it has a psychological effect on the germans since it is the first time in history berlin has been directly bombed from the air.
the 9/11 domestic conspiracy theory asserts that either george w. bush, or members of george w. bush's cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).	the 9/11 domestic complicity theory asserts that either george w. bush, or members of george w. bush's cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).
presidential elections under the authoritarian estado novo regime was held for the last time in 1972, the only one not controlled by late prime minister antnio de oliveira salazar, with the last elections for the national assembly held the following year, less than a year before the carnation revolution.	presidential elections under the estado novo regime was held for the last time in 1972, the only one not controlled by late prime minister antnio de oliveira salazar, with the last elections for the national assembly held the following year, less than a year before the carnation revolution.
"2006 - hezbollah celebrates ""divine victory"" over israel in a massive demonstration in beirut."	"2006 - hezbollah claims ""divine victory"" over israel in a massive demonstration in beirut."
the camera is mounted on a pivot, allowing for easy positioning and focusing; focusing the camera is performed by rotating a ring around the lens.	the camera is mounted on a pivot, allowing for positioning and focusing; focusing the camera is performed by rotating a ring around the lens.
bikram choudhury (born february 10, 1946) is a multi-millionaire indian yoga guru and the founder of bikram yoga, a popular form of hot yoga performed in a series of 26 hatha yoga postures done in a hot (105 degrees fahrenheit or greater) environment.	bikram choudhury (born february 10, 1946) is a multi-millionaire indian yoga guru and the founder of bikram yoga, a form of hot yoga performed in a series of 26 hatha yoga postures done in a hot (105 degrees fahrenheit or greater) environment.
through its first three months, only 35 non-optimum, non-newsday subscribers signed up for the paid web site.	through its first three months, 35 non-optimum, non-newsday subscribers signed up for the paid web site.
the camera shares a few features with the high-end canon eos 5d mark ii, including movie mode, live preview, and dig!c 4. like the eos 450d and eos 1000d, it uses sdhc media storage, and is the third eos model to exclusively use that medium instead of compactflash.	the camera shares a few features with the high-end canon eos 5d mark ii, including movie mode, live preview, and dig!c 4. like the eos 450d and eos 1000d, it uses sdhc media storage, and is the third eos model to use that medium instead of compactflash.
nature's pride was an all-natural brand of bread produced by hostess brands in the united states, which closed its operations in the wake of a crippling bctgm bakers' union strike and entered liquidation proceedings.	nature's pride was an all-natural brand of bread produced by hostess brands in the united states, which closed its operations in the wake of a bctgm bakers' union strike and entered liquidation proceedings.
oral polio vaccine hypothesis ( rejected )	oral polio vaccine hypothesis ( disputed )
"two of the opera's tracks date from 1972, a year that also produced the who's self-centered singles ""join together"" and ""long live rock"" (the latter not actually released until 1974)."	"two of the opera's tracks date from 1972, a year that also produced the who's singles ""join together"" and ""long live rock"" (the latter not actually released until 1974)."
however it should be noted that john muhammad was a gulf war veteran and earned a expert marksmanship badge in the u.s. army .	it should be noted that john muhammad was a gulf war veteran and earned a expert marksmanship badge in the u.s. army .
hirschfeld himself was not particularly happy with the term: he understood that clothing was only an outward symbol chosen on the basis of various internal psychological situations.	hirschfeld himself was not particularly happy with the term: he believed that clothing was only an outward symbol chosen on the basis of various internal psychological situations.
later that month, mega64 created a humorous skit titled how shenmue was supposed to end with yu suzuki himself participating in the video.	later that month, mega64 created a comedic skit titled how shenmue was supposed to end with yu suzuki himself participating in the video.
petar chaulev (1882, ohrid, present day republic of macedonia — 1924, milan) was a macedonian revolutionary in ottoman macedonia.	petar chaulev (1882, ohrid, present day republic of macedonia — 1924, milan) was a bulgarian revolutionary in ottoman macedonia.
due to this design flaw and production flaws many of these fabulous machines were dead on arrival or succumbed to overheating.	due to this design flaw and production flaws many of these machines were dead on arrival or succumbed to overheating.
many governments around the world have introduced policies of partial or complete adoption, the following is an incomplete list:	several governments around the world have introduced policies of partial or complete adoption, the following is an incomplete list:
one of the more striking features of the band is that all members have always had strong straight edge, vegan and pro-animal rights beliefs (our lady of annihilation came with a small flyer for the terrorist organization peta, for example).	one of the more striking features of the band is that all members have always had strong straight edge, vegan and pro-animal rights beliefs (our lady of annihilation came with a small flyer for the animal rights organization peta, for example).
his letter also ably predicted future events that continue to plague both the historical records of the war and the attitudes in the country:	his letter also predicted future events that continue to plague both the historical records of the war and the attitudes in the country:
anywhere euthanasia has been legalized, it still remains homicide although it is not prosecuted and not punishable if the perpetrator (the doctor) meets certain legal exceptions.	in the netherlands and belgium, where euthanasia has been legalized, it still remains homicide although it is not prosecuted and not punishable if the perpetrator (the doctor) meets certain legal exceptions.
one critic actually lauded the plot as being directly lifted from the beloved movie.	one critic actually lauded the plot as being directly lifted from the movie.
the fact that the rcmp publicized the probe during an election campaign violated standard protocol, and remains contorversial.	the fact that the rcmp publicized the probe during an election campaign was contrary to standard protocol, and remains contorversial.
the rules were rescinded afterward, and many groups victimised by the rulings in 1999 were winners in 2000.	the rules were rescinded afterward, and many groups disqualified by the rulings in 1999 were winners in 2000.
westie, or westy, is a derogatory term used in australia and new zealand to describe white members of a blue collar or underclass subculture (cf.	westie, or westy, is a colloquial term used in australia and new zealand to describe white members of a blue collar or underclass subculture (cf.
david controversially expanded on an earlier story which established that banner had suffered abuse as a child, which fostered a great deal of repressed anger and rage within the character, which in turn triggered a latent case of multiple personality disorder.	david expanded on an earlier story which established that banner had suffered abuse as a child, which fostered a great deal of repressed anger and rage within the character, which in turn triggered a latent case of multiple personality disorder.
after the war, he was tried and convicted of high treason by the communist authorities, and was consequently executed by firing squad.	after the war, he was tried and convicted of high treason by the yugoslav authorities, and was consequently executed by firing squad.
the emerald ash borer (agrilus planipennis or agrilus marcopoli and eab) is a shitty green beetle native to asia.	the emerald ash borer (agrilus planipennis or agrilus marcopoli and eab) is a green beetle native to asia.
controversial secretary of intelligence, fernando de santibaes	secretary of intelligence, fernando de santibaes
the vulgar acts in which they engage, (the introduction of the game features fellatio, cunnilingus, and vaginal and anal intercourse) gives the protagonist an idea.	the acts in which they engage, (the introduction of the game features fellatio, cunnilingus, and vaginal and anal intercourse) gives the protagonist an idea.
general sikorski decorates pilots of the polish 303rd squadron, the best allied squadron in the battle of britain.	general sikorski decorates pilots of the polish 303rd squadron, the most combat-effective allied squadron in the battle of britain.
dexter shoes is a popular brand name shoe with corporate headquarters based in hudson, nh.	dexter shoes is a brand name shoe with corporate headquarters based in hudson, nh.
fired: rebecca - for her failure to properly double-check that a supermarket had the tagine and soap, failing to step up as project manager as promised after the previous task, and for her pitiful track record throughout the process.	fired: rebecca - for her failure to properly double-check that a supermarket had the tagine and soap, failing to step up as project manager as promised after the previous task, and for her overall track record throughout the process.
this exciting find suggests some answers to a number of previous, but unexplained, observations about autism and provides the potential for a mechanistic explanation for some of the characteristics of the condition.	this find suggests some answers to a number of previous, but unexplained, observations about autism and provides the potential for a mechanistic explanation for some of the characteristics of the condition.
right in 2010, freedom to marry launched their summer for marriage campaign countering the national organization for marriages anti-gay one man, one woman bus tour.	right in 2010, freedom to marry launched their summer for marriage campaign countering the national organization for marriages one man, one woman bus tour.
the catholic nature of the anglican tradition is expressed doctrinally, ecumenically (chiefly through organisations such as the anglican roman catholic international commission), ecclesiologically (through its episcopal governance and alleged maintenance of the historical episcopate), and in liturgy and piety.	the catholic nature of the anglican tradition is expressed doctrinally, ecumenically (chiefly through organisations such as the anglican roman catholic international commission), ecclesiologically (through its episcopal governance and maintenance of the historical episcopate), and in liturgy and piety.
"the alabama sanctity of marriage amendment of 2006, also known as amendment 774, is a so-called ""defense of marriage amendment"" that amended the alabama constitution to make it unconstitutional for the state to recognize or perform same-sex marriages or civil unions."	"the alabama sanctity of marriage amendment of 2006, also known as amendment 774, is a ""defense of marriage amendment"" that amended the alabama constitution to make it unconstitutional for the state to recognize or perform same-sex marriages or civil unions."
frequently a subject who in auditing hypnosis has experienced hallucinations concerning murder, rape, homosexuality and other criminal and disgraceful behaviour comes to believe that such behaviour actually occurred during his present lifetime.	frequently a subject who in auditing hypnosis has experienced hallucinations concerning murder, rape, and other criminal and disgraceful behaviour comes to believe that such behaviour actually occurred during his present lifetime.
yaya tour is a strict practicing muslim.	yaya tour is a practicing muslim.
critics of paywalls include many businessmen , academics such as media professor jay rosen, and journalists such as howard owens and media analyst matthew ingram of gigaom.	critics of paywalls include many businesspeople , academics such as media professor jay rosen, and journalists such as howard owens and media analyst matthew ingram of gigaom.
"the term has also lent itself to various parodies, including ""axis of weasels"" (mocking certain countries that did not support usa on iraq issue), ""axis of eve"" (a political action group that opposes president bush), ""axis of medieval"" (referring to a supposed influence president bush's religious views have on his political agenda), ""asses of evil"" (a mocking insult against george w. bush, dick cheney and donald rumsfeld), ""axles of evil"" (denouncing sport utility vehicles for their poor fuel efficiency), and several other variations."	"the term has also lent itself to various parodies, including ""axis of weasels"" (mocking certain countries that did not support usa on iraq issue), ""axis of eve"" (a political action group that opposes president bush), ""axis of medieval"" (referring to a supposed influence president bush's personal views have on his political agenda), ""asses of evil"" (a mocking insult against george w. bush, dick cheney and donald rumsfeld), ""axles of evil"" (denouncing sport utility vehicles for their poor fuel efficiency), and several other variations."
the series focuses on lincoln loud, an 11-year-old boy, who lives in a house with his ten sisterseldest sister lori, unintelligent yet beautiful blonde leni, aspiring rock star luna, jokester and comedienne luan, energetic athlete lynn, gloomy emo lucy, personality-opposite twins lola and lana, intellectual genius lisa, and baby lilyand how he tries to survive as the only son in the family by finding creative solutions to the ordinary and chaotic problems in the household.	the series focuses on lincoln loud, an 11-year-old boy, who lives in a house with his ten sisterseldest sister lori, unintelligent yet beautiful blonde leni, aspiring rock star luna, jokester and comedian luan, energetic athlete lynn, gloomy emo lucy, personality-opposite twins lola and lana, intellectual genius lisa, and baby lilyand how he tries to survive as the only son in the family by finding creative solutions to the ordinary and chaotic problems in the household.
jews and romani were crammed into ghettos before being transported by freight train to extermination camps where, if they survived the journey, the majority of them were killed in gas chambers.	jews and romani were placed into ghettos before being transported by freight train to extermination camps where, if they survived the journey, the majority of them were killed in gas chambers.
instapundit is a right-wing libertarian blog maintained by glenn reynolds, a law professor at the university of tennessee.	instapundit is a libertarian blog maintained by glenn reynolds, a law professor at the university of tennessee.
as late as 2000, there were frequent reports from reliable sources (such as the un) of famine in all parts of north korea except pyongyang.	as late as 2000, there were frequent reports from certain sources (such as the un) of famine in all parts of north korea except pyongyang.
"both the columbia encyclopedia and encarta encyclopedia list the number as ""from 35,000 to more than 135,000 dead"", the higher figure of which is in line with irving's incorrect retracted estimates."	"both the columbia encyclopedia and encarta encyclopedia list the number as ""from 35,000 to more than 135,000 dead"", the higher figure of which is in line with irving's retracted estimates."
however, many people do not equate fidelity in personal relationships with sexual or emotional monogamy.	however, some people do not equate fidelity in personal relationships with sexual or emotional monogamy.
the school also claims that since 1999, all school faculty and staff are required to be trained in therapeutic crisis intervention techniques.	the school also states that since 1999, all school faculty and staff are required to be trained in therapeutic crisis intervention techniques.
they are generally supporters of economic liberalism and they often identify themselves as law and order-parties, tougher on crime and, in the era of the so-called war on terror following the september 11 attacks, more committed against terrorism.	they are generally supporters of economic liberalism and they often identify themselves as law and order-parties, tougher on crime and, in the era of the war on terror following the september 11 attacks, more committed against terrorism.
poe was indispensable (by the commanding general's own words) during the infamous march, when sherman cut loose from his supply lines to chattanooga and headed southeast across the body of georgia to savannah, living off the land, to bring fire and pillage to the center of the confederacy rather than pursue john bell hood's elusive rebel army, at the time a hotly debated and controversial strategy among the union high command (aside from such vital targets as vicksburg, new orleans, fort donelson and the fixation on the capture of richmond, union strategy until that time had usually focused on the reduction of confederate forces, not attacks on territory and infrastructure, and followed established military practices of protected supply lines.	poe was indispensable (by the commanding general's own words) during the march, when sherman cut loose from his supply lines to chattanooga and headed southeast across the body of georgia to savannah, living off the land, to bring fire and pillage to the center of the confederacy rather than pursue john bell hood's elusive rebel army, at the time a hotly debated and controversial strategy among the union high command (aside from such vital targets as vicksburg, new orleans, fort donelson and the fixation on the capture of richmond, union strategy until that time had usually focused on the reduction of confederate forces, not attacks on territory and infrastructure, and followed established military practices of protected supply lines.
muravyov's experiences during the november uprising in 1830 persuaded him that two principal agents responsible for the spread of polish nationalism were the roman catholic priests and the polish students.	muravyov's experiences during the november uprising in 1830 persuaded him that two principal agents responsible for the spread of polish resistance to russian rule were the roman catholic priests and the polish students.
some people erroneously consider insurance a type of wager (particularly as associated with moral hazard) that executes over the policy period.	some people consider insurance a type of wager (particularly as associated with moral hazard) that executes over the policy period.
the movie death of two sons, (2006) directed by micah schaffer juxtaposes the deaths of amadou diallo, a guinean in america who was senselessly gunned down by four new york city policemen with 41 bullets and peace corps volunteer jesse thyne who lived with amadou's family in guinea and died in a car crash there.	the movie death of two sons, (2006) directed by micah schaffer juxtaposes the deaths of amadou diallo, a guinean in america who was gunned down by four new york city policemen with 41 bullets and peace corps volunteer jesse thyne who lived with amadou's family in guinea and died in a car crash there.
suicide by being hit by a train has a 10% survival rate; a failed attempt typically results in severe injuries, including massive fractures, amputations and concussion, usually leading to permanent brain damage and physical disability.	suicide by being hit by a train has a 10% survival rate; a failed attempt typically results in severe injuries, including massive fractures, amputations and concussion, possibly leading to permanent brain damage and physical disability.
for example, the nifl has been characterized by annual issues between teams and mercurial league owner carolyn shaver, while the apfl ended its 2006 season with a forfeit of the championship game when the league offices refused to allow the championship game to be hosted at the home of the team who had won the right to host and refused to play the game.	for example, the nifl has been characterized by annual issues between teams and league owner carolyn shaver, while the apfl ended its 2006 season with a forfeit of the championship game when the league offices refused to allow the championship game to be hosted at the home of the team who had won the right to host and refused to play the game.
released on mobile phones in japan, xenosaga: pied piper is set 100 years prior to the start of episode i. it explores the past of the suicidal cyborg character ziggy when he was a human named jan sauer and working for the galaxy federation's counter-terrorism task force.	released on mobile phones in japan, xenosaga: pied piper is set 100 years prior to the start of episode i. it explores the past of the cyborg character ziggy when he was a human named jan sauer and working for the galaxy federation's counter-terrorism task force.
in 1944, finnmark was invaded by the soviet union, and (together with northern troms) totally destroyed by the retreating nazis, while the german forces in the rest of norway surrendered on may 8 1945.	in 1944, finnmark was liberated by the soviet union, and (together with northern troms) totally destroyed by the retreating nazis, while the german forces in the rest of norway surrendered on may 8 1945.
the visigoths, also arians, anchored the heresy even more strongly in the iberian peninsula.	the visigoths, also arians, anchored the belief even more strongly in the iberian peninsula.
touchwiz is used internally by samsung for sophisticated feature phones and tablet computers, and is not available for licensing by external parties.	touchwiz is used internally by samsung for feature phones and tablet computers, and is not available for licensing by external parties.
this announcement came after australiawithdrew to travel pakistan to play cricket after security concerns in pakistan.	this announcement came after australia withdrew to travel pakistan to play cricket after security concerns in pakistan.
the supreme court's recent treatment of federalism and regulatory taking issues suggests that the court may be inclined to undo some of the harsher effects of the navigational servitude as it has developed over the past two centuries.	the supreme court's recent treatment of federalism and regulatory taking issues suggests that the court may be inclined to undo some of the effects of the navigational servitude as it has developed over the past two centuries.
russell featured the great pyramid as part of his ground-breaking magic lantern and cinema production the photo drama of creation in 1914, suggesting that the great pyramid was built by the old testament king-priest melchizedek.	russell included the great pyramid as part of his ground-breaking magic lantern and cinema production the photo drama of creation in 1914, suggesting that the great pyramid was built by the old testament king-priest melchizedek.
heather mallick (born 1959) is a controversial toronto-based columnist, author and lecturer.	heather mallick (born 1959) is a toronto-based columnist, author and lecturer.
thailand is home to a large expatriate community of around 200,000 foreigners.	thailand is home to a large immigrant community of around 200,000 foreigners.
the lua api is fairly straightforward because its unique design eliminates the need for manual reference management in c code, unlike pythons api.	the lua api is fairly straightforward because its design eliminates the need for manual reference management in c code, unlike pythons api.
in her 2016 autobiography, the princess diarist, fisher claimed that she and harrison ford had a three-month affair in 1976 during the filming of star wars.	in her 2016 autobiography, the princess diarist, fisher revealed that she and harrison ford had a three-month affair in 1976 during the filming of star wars.
jamie mitchell is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jack ryder.	jamie mitchell is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jack ryder.
a popular variant in korea is the sam-taegeuk , which adds a yellow lobe, representing man , to the red and blue.	a popular variant in korea is the sam-taegeuk , which adds a yellow lobe, representing humanity , to the red and blue.
the conservative majority has recently begun to give way to an increasingly powerful liberal voice, which has been attributed to the growing diversity, both regional and ethnic, of the student body; student membership in the usc democrats has surpassed that of the usc republicans in recent years.	the conservative majority has recently begun to give way to an increasingly liberal voice, which has been attributed to the growing diversity, both regional and ethnic, of the student body; student membership in the usc democrats has surpassed that of the usc republicans in recent years.
the college retains its baptist heritage, and is still affiliated with the kbc, but no longer receives money from the convention and in return retains the right to elect its own trustees without the convention's approval.	the college claims to retain its baptist heritage, and is still affiliated with the kbc, but no longer receives money from the convention and in return retains the right to elect its own trustees without the convention's approval.
johnstone joined chelsea in 1982 but failed to hold down a regular place, and had a month on loan to dundee united before rejoining rangers for a forgettable second stint.	johnstone joined chelsea in 1982 but failed to hold down a regular place, and had a month on loan to dundee united before rejoining rangers for a second stint.
such funny player nicknames were the brainchild of owner cooke, who felt that colorful nicknames would make hockey more user-friendly to the southern california market.	such player nicknames were the brainchild of owner cooke, who felt that colorful nicknames would make hockey more user-friendly to the southern california market.
guests included national figures such as senator ron paul of texas, governor bill richardson of new mexico, former congressman tom tancredo of colorado, ohio congressman dennis kucinich and others, as well as local political figures such as fergus cullen, former director of the new hampshire republican party, and charles arlinghaus, president of the right-wing josiah bartlett center for public policy.	guests included national figures such as senator ron paul of texas, governor bill richardson of new mexico, former congressman tom tancredo of colorado, ohio congressman dennis kucinich and others, as well as local political figures such as fergus cullen, former director of the new hampshire republican party, and charles arlinghaus, president of the josiah bartlett center for public policy.
orchid ozone mall will create a tremendous property boom in mira road.	orchid ozone mall is expected to create a tremendous property boom in mira road.
many baseball fans lament that, while the spanish flu, two world wars, the great depression, earthquakes, and other disasters could not cancel a world series, greed could and did.	many baseball fans lament that, while the spanish flu, two world wars, the great depression, earthquakes, and other disasters could not cancel a world series, financial issues could and did.
croats are an ethnic group mostly living in croatia, bosnia and herzegovina and nearby countries.	croats are a south slavic ethnic group mostly living in croatia, bosnia and herzegovina and nearby countries.
while liszt had been inspired to some extent by the ideas of richard wagner in unifying ideas of drama and music via the symphonic poem, wagner gave liszt's concept only lukewarm support in his 1857 essay on the symphonic poems of franz liszt, and was later to break entirely with liszt's weimar circle over their aesthetic ideals.	while liszt may have been inspired to some extent by the ideas of richard wagner in unifying ideas of drama and music via the symphonic poem, wagner gave liszt's concept only lukewarm support in his 1857 essay on the symphonic poems of franz liszt, and was later to break entirely with liszt's weimar circle over their aesthetic ideals.
nouveau calls is the fourteenth album by legendary rock band wishbone ash.	nouveau calls is the fourteenth album by rock band wishbone ash.
on 9 december, del piero scored his first delhi dynamos goal, netting directly from a superb free kick, in a 2-2 draw against chennaiyin fc.	on 9 december, del piero scored his first delhi dynamos goal, netting directly from a free kick, in a 2-2 draw against chennaiyin fc.
failed oireachtas nominations	withdrawn oireachtas nominations
"roosevelt died at her manhattan apartment on november 7, 1962 at 6:15 p.m., at only 78. at her memorial service, adlai stevenson asked, ""what other single human being has touched and transformed the existence of so many?"""	"roosevelt died at her manhattan apartment on november 7, 1962 at 6:15 p.m., at the age of 78. at her memorial service, adlai stevenson asked, ""what other single human being has touched and transformed the existence of so many?"""
alfred's fearsome father, the marquess of queensberry, quickly suspected the liaison to be more than a friendship.	alfred's father, the marquess of queensberry, quickly suspected the liaison to be more than a friendship.
simpson murder case was a highly-publicized u.s. criminal trial in which former american football star for the national football league (nfl) and actor, o. j. simpson, murdered his ex-wife, nicole brown simpson, and her friend, ronald goldman.	simpson murder case was a highly-publicized u.s. criminal trial in which former american football star for the national football league (nfl) and actor, o. j. simpson, was accused of murdering his ex-wife, nicole brown simpson, and her friend, ronald goldman.
the famous lions bridge, a dam that provides a breathtaking view of the james river, remains a highlight for visitorsa perfect family gathering place to enjoy the museum park.	the famous lions bridge, a dam that provides a scenic view of the james river, remains a highlight for visitorsa perfect family gathering place to enjoy the museum park.
ceramic blades are also used in mandolins, professional mohel kits and vegetable peelers.	ceramic blades are also used in mandolins, professional genital mutilation kits and vegetable peelers.
jewish rock radio personalities include seth williams out of st. louis, and has a focus on new up-and-coming artists.	jewish rock radio djs include seth williams out of st. louis, and has a focus on new up-and-coming artists.
this topic is hotly argued between doctors and laymen alike, having a widespread reputation via word of mouth is the primary basis of the allegations, whilst scientific testing is inconclusive or alternately aligned depending on sources.	this topic is hotly argued between doctors and laymen alike, having a reputation via word of mouth is the primary basis of the allegations, whilst scientific testing is inconclusive or alternately aligned depending on sources.
anton enus is a south african-born australian popular news presenter for sbs television.	anton enus is a south african-born australian news presenter for sbs television.
silverstein is a canadian emo band from burlington, ontario, formed in 2000. their band name is a reference to the famous children's author shel silverstein, whom the band had admired and read the stories of as children.	silverstein is a canadian rock music|rock band from burlington, ontario, formed in 2000. their band name is a reference to the famous children's author shel silverstein, whom the band had admired and read the stories of as children.
redstone attended the prestigious boston latin school, where he graduated first in his class.	redstone attended the boston latin school, where he graduated first in his class.
christian charles philip bale (also known professionally as christian morgan bale; born 30 january 1974) is a screen actors guild award-nominated, saturn award-winning welsh-born english actor whose film credits include empire of the sun, american psycho, equilibrium, the machinist, batman begins and the upcoming the dark knight.	christian charles philip bale (also known professionally as christian morgan bale; born 30 january 1974) is a screen actors guild award-nominated, saturn award-winning welsh-born actor whose film credits include empire of the sun, american psycho, equilibrium, the machinist, batman begins and the upcoming the dark knight.
besides its obvious use for improving nighttime astronomical imaging and retinal imaging, adaptive optics technology has also been used in other settings.	besides its use for improving nighttime astronomical imaging and retinal imaging, adaptive optics technology has also been used in other settings.
the nederlanders' unparalleled expertise has also expanded into related areas of live entertainment including concerts, sports and broadcast television and cable production.members of the nederlander family have held leadership positions in public and private companies in sports, finance and real estate, among many others.	the nederlanders' expertise has also expanded into related areas of live entertainment including concerts, sports and broadcast television and cable production.members of the nederlander family have held leadership positions in public and private companies in sports, finance and real estate, among many others.
golson was so moved by the event that he composed the beautiful threnody i remember clifford, as a tribute to a fellow musician and friend.	golson was so moved by the event that he composed the threnody i remember clifford, as a tribute to a fellow musician and friend.
the shikshapatri (, devanagari: ) is a religious text consisting of two hundred and twelve verses, written in sanskrit by bhagwan swaminarayan.	the shikshapatri (, devanagari: ) is a religious text consisting of two hundred and twelve verses, written in sanskrit by swaminarayan.
almost all the massacred were civilians, except some of the 125 victims in the pentagon.	almost all the fatalities were civilians, except some of the 125 victims in the pentagon.
created by jack kirby, granny goodness was modeled on comedienne phyllis diller and first appeared in mister miracle vol.	created by jack kirby, granny goodness was modeled on comedian phyllis diller and first appeared in mister miracle vol.
mo'nique, american comedienne and actress	mo'nique, american comedian and actress
carmack is also noted for his generous contributions to charities and gaming communities.	carmack is also noted for his contributions to charities and gaming communities.
"the norwegian children's book author thorbjrn egner used essaouira as both the physical and social setting for his famous book ""folk og rvere i kardemommeby""."	"the norwegian children's book author thorbjrn egner used essaouira as both the physical and social setting for his noted book ""folk og rvere i kardemommeby""."
"billy paul (born paul williams on 1 december, 1934) is a grammy award-winning american soul singer, most known for his vocals on the 1972 epic number-one single ""me and mrs. jones""."	"billy paul (born paul williams on 1 december, 1934) is a grammy award-winning american soul singer, most known for his vocals on the 1972 number-one single ""me and mrs. jones""."
oldham is a large town in north west england, lying in the foothills of the pennines on the north-eastern edge of the greater manchester conurbation: the town proper has a population of 103,544, including a large asian population, with vibrant bangladeshi, indian and pakistani communities.	oldham is a large town in north west england, lying in the foothills of the pennines on the north-eastern edge of the greater manchester conurbation: the town proper has a population of 103,544, including a large asian population, with bangladeshi, indian and pakistani communities.
the party blends a culture of political organizing with unionism, 1960s idealism, and realistic tactical pragmatism.	the party blends a culture of political organizing with unionism, 1960s idealism, and tactical pragmatism.
penny arcade is a mainstream webcomic written by jerry holkins and illustrated by mike krahulik.	penny arcade is a webcomic written by jerry holkins and illustrated by mike krahulik.
generally criticism of methylphenidate revolves around the alleged or real side effects, illict use of the drug, questionable addiction issues, and the ethics of giving methylphenidate to children to reduce symptoms.	generally criticism of methylphenidate revolves around the alleged or established side effects, illict use of the drug, questionable addiction issues, and the ethics of giving methylphenidate to children to reduce symptoms.
dpmm fc is owned by the crown prince of brunei, his royal highness prince al-muhtadee billah, who previously played as a goalkeeper for the team, and managed by blackburn rovers legend steve kean.	dpmm fc is owned by the crown prince of brunei, his royal highness prince al-muhtadee billah, who previously played as a goalkeeper for the team, and managed by blackburn rovers steve kean.
briarwood is a good middle class neighborhood in the new york city borough of queens.	briarwood is a middle class neighborhood in the new york city borough of queens.
the megali idea was an irredentist vision of a restoration of a greater greece on both sides of the aegean that would incorporate ottoman-occupied territories with greek populations outside the borders of the kingdom of greece, which was initially very small.	the megali idea was an irredentist vision of a restoration of a greater greece on both sides of the aegean that would incorporate territories with greek populations outside the borders of the kingdom of greece, which was initially very small.
the republic of macedonia, officially referred to by the united nations and most countries as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia (fyrom), is an independent state on the balkan peninsula in southeastern europe.	the republic of macedonia, referred to by the united nations and most countries as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia (fyrom), is an independent state on the balkan peninsula in southeastern europe.
spore uses a modified version of the controversial digital rights management (drm) software securom as copy prevention, which requires authentication upon installation and when online access is used.	spore uses a modified version of the digital rights management (drm) software securom as copy prevention, which requires authentication upon installation and when online access is used.
she died in longview, texas, on january 9, 2002, from complications of open-heart surgery, nearly four years after her husband's passing .	she died in longview, texas, on january 9, 2002, from complications of open-heart surgery, nearly four years after her husband's death .
"he also frequently performs live shows with comedienne arden myrin as ""the tinkle twins."""	"he also frequently performs live shows with comedian arden myrin as ""the tinkle twins."""
sadly , the m203 has had nowhere near the same level of accuracy nor the firing rate of its predecessor.	however , the m203 has had nowhere near the same level of accuracy nor the firing rate of its predecessor.
smith himself implied that he read them directly using spectacles prepared for the purpose of translating.	smith himself implied that he read the plates directly using spectacles prepared for the purpose of translating.
in-addition to a solo career, he is the guitarist and lead arranger for the famous hard rock band b'z.	in-addition to a solo career, he is the guitarist and lead arranger for the hard rock band b'z.
later popular film adaptations include john badham's 1979 dracula, starring frank langella and inspired by the 1977 broadway revival of the deane/hamilton play, and francis ford coppola's 1992 bram stoker's dracula, starring gary oldman.	later film adaptations include john badham's 1979 dracula, starring frank langella and inspired by the 1977 broadway revival of the deane/hamilton play, and francis ford coppola's 1992 bram stoker's dracula, starring gary oldman.
he went on another unbeaten run that saw him take on the vastly more experienced chokchai chockvivat in flyweight division.	he went on another unbeaten run that saw him take on the more experienced chokchai chockvivat in flyweight division.
"in a 2004 interview with wired, an ex-girlfriend of lamo's described him as ""very controlling,"" stating , ""he carried a stun gun, which he used on me."""	"in a 2004 interview with wired, an ex-girlfriend of lamo's described him as ""very controlling,"" alleging , ""he carried a stun gun, which he used on me."""
a complaint about the repairs to the submarine was made to the european court of justice ecj, and was rejected, concluding that the uk does not have to inform the public about a military radiological emergency.	a complaint about the repairs to the submarine was made to the european court of justice ecj, and was rejected, concluding that the uk does not have to inform the public that might be affected by a military radiological emergency.
"the opening scene in ""the frightening frammis,"" where we see character mitch allison walking by the side of the road, is an hommage to the 1945 classic film noir detour (1945), directed by edgar g. ulmer."	"the opening scene in ""the frightening frammis,"" where we see character mitch allison walking by the side of the road, is a possible hommage to the 1945 classic film noir detour (1945), directed by edgar g. ulmer."
after consultation with stakeholders including farmers and quad bike manufacturers, australia's heads of workplace safety authorities (hwsa) in 2011 released a strategy intended to reduce the high number of deaths and serious injuries associated with quad-bike use.	after consultation with stakeholders including farmers and quad bike manufacturers, australia's heads of workplace safety authorities (hwsa) in 2011 released a strategy intended to reduce the number of deaths and serious injuries associated with quad-bike use.
in interviews, petty claims the song was written after a roadie purchased a keyboard that tom did not particularly care for.	in interviews, petty says the song was written after a roadie purchased a keyboard that tom did not particularly care for.
"benjamin described some of harvey weinstein's sexual abuse victims as ""gold-digging whores""."	"benjamin described some of harvey weinstein's sexual abuse accusers as ""gold-digging whores""."
geenpeil gained further fame in 2015 by calling for an advisory referendum on the ukraineeuropean union association agreement.	geenpeil gained further publicity in 2015 by calling for an advisory referendum on the ukraineeuropean union association agreement.
the movement began as a private association of paris-based friends who exhibited publicly in 1874.	the movement began as a private association of paris-based artists who exhibited publicly in 1874.
(born november 21, 1935) is an acclaimed american cinematographer whose prominence owes most to his innovative work of the 1970s and 1980s.	(born november 21, 1935) is an american cinematographer whose prominence owes most to his innovative work of the 1970s and 1980s.
on march 6 1988, as part of operation flavius, the british sas murdered three members of the provisional irish republican army (ira), mairad farrell, sean savage and daniel mccann.	on march 6 1988, as part of operation flavius, the british sas killed three members of the provisional irish republican army (ira), mairad farrell, sean savage and daniel mccann.
many greeks feared turkish attacks in the wake of the capture of the city, possibly due to events that the pro-turkish british high commissioner sir h. rumbold described to lord curzon as inhumane acts committed by the greek army in their retreat (note that similar accusations exist against the turkish army in their actions against greek civilians).	many greeks feared turkish attacks in the wake of the capture of the city, possibly due to events that the british high commissioner sir h. rumbold described to lord curzon as inhumane acts committed by the greek army in their retreat (note that similar accusations exist against the turkish army in their actions against greek civilians).
the marriage was widely reported and ended in annulment in 1931. the annulment took place just as their second movie together, ironically titled too young to marry, was released.	the marriage was widely reported and ended in annulment in 1931. the annulment took place just as their second movie together, titled too young to marry, was released.
the jaguars' 30-27 upset postseason win over the great john elway-led denver broncos on january 4, 1997, is generally considered the greatest victory in jaguars history.	the jaguars' 30-27 upset postseason win over the john elway-led denver broncos on january 4, 1997, is generally considered the greatest victory in jaguars history.
prior to 1960, the most important of these was the all-america football conference (aafc, 1946 - 1949), which bettered the nfl in several ways:	prior to 1960, the most important of these was the all-america football conference (aafc, 1946 - 1949), which was different than the nfl in several ways:
she worked most successfully during this period as a radio comedienne playing assorted guest parts, typically as a shrewish woman.	she worked most successfully during this period as a radio comedian playing assorted guest parts, typically as a shrewish woman.
since its release, the album has sold only 400,000 copies in the u.s.	since its release, the album has sold 400,000 copies in the u.s.
"apostasy (, in classical greek a defection or revolt from a military commander, from , apo, ""away, apart"", , stasis, ""standing"") is a term generally employed to describe the formal renunciation of one's religion, especially if the motive be unworthy."	"apostasy (, in classical greek a defection or revolt from a military commander, from , apo, ""away, apart"", , stasis, ""standing"") is a term generally employed to describe the formal renunciation of one's religion, especially if the motive is deemed unworthy."
this approach reduces support and editing costs and thus provides access to publishing to those who would otherwise not be willing or able to afford a vanity press or find an accommodating conventional publisher.	this approach reduces support and editing costs and thus provides access to publishing to those who would otherwise not be willing or able to afford a self-publishing press or find an accommodating conventional publisher.
trump will be the fifth man , after the winners of the 1824, 1876, 1888, and 2000 elections, to become president despite losing the nationwide popular vote.	trump will be the fifth person , after the winners of the 1824, 1876, 1888, and 2000 elections, to become president despite losing the nationwide popular vote.
during israel's operation protective edge against hamas, cruz signed an open letter condemning israel's defensive operation.	during israel's operation protective edge against hamas, cruz signed an open letter condemning israel's operation.
in business, back-channeling is an inappropriate organizational practice that involves bypassing recognized or official communication processes, usually by sharing information anonymously up the reporting structure at least two levels, in order to create vulnerability at the level(s) skipped.	in business, back-channeling is an organizational practice that involves bypassing recognized or official communication processes, usually by sharing information anonymously up the reporting structure at least two levels, in order to create vulnerability at the level(s) skipped.
as an economic system, socialism is often associated with state, community or non-private worker ownership of the means of production.	as an economic system, socialism is often associated with state, community or worker ownership of the means of production.
"other notable works by williams include theme music for the 1984 summer olympic games, nbc sunday night football, ""the mission"" theme used by nbc news and seven news in australia, the television series lost in space and land of the giants, and the incidental music for the first season of gilligan's island."	"other works by williams include theme music for the 1984 summer olympic games, nbc sunday night football, ""the mission"" theme used by nbc news and seven news in australia, the television series lost in space and land of the giants, and the incidental music for the first season of gilligan's island."
on april 1, 2008, warner home video announced a long-anticipated dvd release.	on april 1, 2008, warner home video announced a dvd release.
he receive the second yellow card after a harsh hand ball decision.	he receive the second yellow card after a hand ball decision.
april 27 the los angeles angels drew a disappointing crowd of 11,931 for their home opener against the minnesota twins at los angeles' wrigley field.	april 27 the los angeles angels drew a crowd of 11,931 for their home opener against the minnesota twins at los angeles' wrigley field.
many writers of the early 20th century criticized his intuitionism, indeterminism, psychologism and confused interpretation of the scientific impulse.	many writers of the early 20th century criticized his intuitionism, indeterminism, psychologism and unique interpretation of the scientific impulse.
cute blue male budgerigar.	blue male budgerigar.
note that appn has nothing to do with controversial peer-to-peer file sharing software such as kazaa or napster.	note that appn has nothing to do with peer-to-peer file sharing software such as kazaa or napster.
1889 - adolf hitler, nazi dictator (d. 1945)	1889 - adolf hitler, nazi fhrer (d. 1945)
the philippine-american war (1899-1913) is another instance of alleged united states imperialism.	the philippine-american war (1899-1913) is another instance of united states imperialism.
"ugk (short for underground kingz) was a hip-hop act from port arthur, texas was formed in 1987 by the late great chad ""pimp c"" butler."	"ugk (short for underground kingz) was a hip-hop act from port arthur, texas was formed in 1987 by the late chad ""pimp c"" butler."
chapter 6 only has 2 areas in the main storyline, but you can play all four as a sidequest.	chapter 6 only has 2 areas in the main storyline, but the player can play all four as a sidequest.
the chr2 evolved from the e2 series shinkansen	the chr2 developed from the e2 series shinkansen
there is no set limit or absolutely impermissible ratio of punitive damages to compensatory damages, though punitive damages with outrageously high ratios have been reversed by appellate courts.	there is no set limit or absolutely impermissible ratio of punitive damages to compensatory damages, though punitive damages with unusually high ratios have been reversed by appellate courts.
"an early such bible was rotherham's emphasized bible of 1902. the jehovah's witness new world translation consistently uses ""jehovah"", and even incorrectly inserts it in to the new testament in place of the greek ""kurios"" in many places."	"an early such bible was rotherham's emphasized bible of 1902. the jehovah's witness new world translation consistently uses ""jehovah"", and even inserts it in to the new testament in place of the greek ""kurios"" in many places."
jack wills is a british lifestyle clothing brand targeted at upmarket university students jack wills university outfitters.	jack wills is a british lifestyle clothing brand targeted at university students jack wills university outfitters.
phase ii 106, in this case the sporty 1.6 rallye model	phase ii 106, in this case the 1.6 rallye model
lewis is happily married to his long time girlfriend of six years and has three children.	lewis is married to his long time girlfriend of six years and has three children.
within 4 months, 4,741,971 aliens registered at post offices around the country.	within 4 months, 4,741,971 foreign nationals had registered at post offices around the country.
the skinheads and their girlfriends left seraw in a puddle of his own blood.	the three perpetrators and their girlfriends left seraw in a puddle of his own blood.
"the ad series features prominent and popular individuals saying ""i'm a pc"" and has appearances by common international users as well as personalities such as medical doctor and writer deepak chopra, mixed martial artist rashad evans, actress eva longoria parker, photographer geoff green and singer pharrell williams."	"the ad series features prominent and popular individuals saying ""i'm a pc"" and has appearances by common international users as well as personalities such as medical doctor and writer deepak chopra, mixed martial artist rashad evans, actor eva longoria parker, photographer geoff green and singer pharrell williams."
conquest of south vietnam 1973-75	fall of south vietnam 1973-75
a successful cover was recorded in 2005 by canadian country music group the road hammers.	a cover was recorded in 2005 by canadian country music group the road hammers.
one venture is wells fargo rail, which in 2015 completed the purchase of ge capital rail services and merged in with first union rail.	one venture is wells fargo rail, which in 2015 agreed to the purchase of ge capital rail services and merged in with first union rail.
"alfred is now an actor, and well known for portraying dean thomas in the harry potter film series and wes gibbins in the abc legal drama ""how to get away with murder""."	"alfred is now an actor, and known for portraying dean thomas in the harry potter film series and wes gibbins in the abc legal drama ""how to get away with murder""."
nietzsche also recognized that, even though he viewed christian morality as nihilistic, without god humanity is left with no epistemological or moral base from which we can derive absolute beliefs.	nietzsche also believed that, even though he viewed christian morality as nihilistic, without god humanity is left with no epistemological or moral base from which we can derive absolute beliefs.
game delayed by one hour due to north korean protest after erroneous use of south korean flag for north korea.	game delayed by one hour due to north korean protest after accidental use of south korean flag for north korea.
pinball version has better animation, various resolutions that players can select from and multi-ball play, and extra music and sound.	pinball version has smoother animation, various resolutions that players can select from and multi-ball play, and extra music and sound.
kippers are falsely claimed to have been invented by john woodger at seahouses in northumberland, england around 1843. local legend states that this happened accidentally, when fish for processing was left overnight in a room with a smoking stove.	kippers are claimed to have been invented by john woodger at seahouses in northumberland, england around 1843. local legend states that this happened accidentally, when fish for processing was left overnight in a room with a smoking stove.
potter is in the process of launching his new media venture, the potter report, a nonprofit news website that will tackle corporate moneyed interests' hold on finance, politics, energy, race relations, and health care.	potter is in the process of launching his new media venture, the potter report, a nonprofit news website that will tackle corporate moneyed interests' influence on finance, politics, energy, race relations, and health care.
the band have played the famous glasgow barrowland ballroom 28 times.	the band have played the glasgow barrowland ballroom 28 times.
gender differences are more pronounce when situational demands are very small or non-existent as well as ambiguous situations.	gender differences are more pronounced when situational demands are very small or non-existent as well as ambiguous situations.
two pakistani intelligence officials said libyan-born abu faraj al-libbi, who was captured in pakistan in may 2005, told interrogators that he had met al-zawahiri last year at the home of bakhtpur khan, one of the thirteen people killed in the airstrike.	two pakistani intelligence officials said libyan-born abu faraj al-libbi, who was captured in pakistan in may 2005, told interrogators that he had met al-zawahiri last year at the home of bakhtpur khan, one of the thirteen villagers killed in the airstrike.
"the court makes ""no distinction between the on and off-campus activities"" of student organizations and states that ""universities possess significant interests in encouraging students to take advantage of the social, civic, cultural, and religious opportunities available in surrounding communities and throughout the country ."""	"the court makes ""no distinction between the on and off-campus activities"" of student organizations and states that ""universities possess significant interests in encouraging students to take advantage of the social, civic, cultural, and religious opportunities available in surrounding communities and throughout the state ."""
"james patrick ""jimmy"" page, obe (born 9 january 1944) is an iconic english guitarist, composer and record producer."	"james patrick ""jimmy"" page, obe (born 9 january 1944) is an english guitarist, composer and record producer."
suzanne snyder (born 1962) is an american actress, best known for her role of debbie stone in the movie killer klowns from outer space and two small roles in the popular sitcom seinfeld.	suzanne snyder (born 1962) is an american actress, best known for her role of debbie stone in the movie killer klowns from outer space and two small roles in the sitcom seinfeld.
close to alexandra park and highgate woods, with something of a village atmosphere, muswell hill has developed from the staid suburb it was in the 1950s to become fashionable, with a modest selection of trendy bars and restaurants.	close to alexandra park and highgate woods, with something of a village atmosphere, muswell hill has developed from the staid suburb it was in the 1950s to become fashionable, with a selection of trendy bars and restaurants.
said ib zaid enjoys the odd distinction among the companions of universal prophet muhammad in that his father, zaid, hated idolatry and its attendant evils even before the advent of islam.	said ib zaid enjoys the odd distinction among the companions of islamic prophet muhammad in that his father, zaid, hated idolatry and its attendant evils even before the advent of islam.
ravi sandill was elected to be the first indian-american judge in the state of texas in november 2008. sandill won the 127th judicial district court in houston and defeated incumbent republican judge sharlyn wood.	ravi sandill was elected to be the first indian-american judge in the state of texas in november 2008. sandill won the 127th judicial district court in houston and defeated incumbent judge sharlyn wood.
"james corden made a heartfelt statement on his talk show, the late late show with james corden, expressing that people will ""go to bed holding our little ones tighter"" after the attacks."	"james corden made a statement on his talk show, the late late show with james corden, expressing that people will ""go to bed holding our little ones tighter"" after the attacks."
after serving as secretary, administrator and general manager piroozi desai-keane was appointed chief executive of the sydney eisteddfod in 2008 taking over from geoffrey jones who became paralysed after tragically suffering a stroke.	after serving as secretary, administrator and general manager piroozi desai-keane was appointed chief executive of the sydney eisteddfod in 2008 taking over from geoffrey jones who became paralysed after suffering a stroke.
that number improved to 18 games in the next two seasons, and 20 games in the 2005-2006 season.	that number increased to 18 games in the next two seasons, and 20 games in the 2005-2006 season.
"should the ""build the web"" guideline be resurrected ?"	"should the ""build the web"" guideline be reinstated ?"
in a short section of text alvarus misrepresents muslims as proud, gluttonous, greedy, cruel, deceitful, dishonourable, lewd, and cunning.	in a short section of text alvarus represents muslims as proud, gluttonous, greedy, cruel, deceitful, dishonourable, lewd, and cunning.
"william dever alleged in 1993 that ""albright's central theses have all been overturned, partly by further advances in biblical criticism, but mostly by the continuing archaeological research of younger americans and israelis to whom he himself gave encouragement and momentum ... the irony is that, in the long run, it will have been the newer 'secular' archaeology that contributed the most to biblical studies, not 'biblical archaeology'."""	"william dever stated in 1993 that ""albright's central theses have all been overturned, partly by further advances in biblical criticism, but mostly by the continuing archaeological research of younger americans and israelis to whom he himself gave encouragement and momentum ... the irony is that, in the long run, it will have been the newer 'secular' archaeology that contributed the most to biblical studies, not 'biblical archaeology'."""
regardless, candler began aggressively marketing the product — the efficiency of this concerted advertising campaign would not be realized until much later.	regardless, candler began marketing the product — the efficiency of this concerted advertising campaign would not be realized until much later.
new research regarding the qualities required for successful entrepreneurship is ongoing, with notable work from the kauffman institute forming the statistical basis for much of it.	new research regarding the qualities required for successful entrepreneurship is ongoing, with work from the kauffman institute forming the statistical basis for much of it.
public display of affection, an area of study within social psychology (and also a term used by teenagers for obnoxiously affectionate couples)	public display of affection, an area of study within social psychology (and also a term used by teenagers for overly affectionate couples)
"a 2015 letter signed by 52 swedish anthropologists, including ronald stade, critiziced the sweden democrats incorrect use of the terms ""culture"" (kultur) and anthropology (antropologi) claiming their views on culture was ""essentialist and obsolete"" explaining that culture is dynamic and in constant change."	"a 2015 letter signed by 52 swedish anthropologists, including ronald stade, critiziced the sweden democrats use of the terms ""culture"" (kultur) and anthropology (antropologi) claiming their views on culture was ""essentialist and obsolete"" explaining that culture is dynamic and in constant change."
he was born as shri ram krishna yadav to gulabo devi and ram nivas yadav in the village ali saiyad pur (alipur) of mahendragarh district in haryana state of india.	he was born as ram krishna yadav to gulabo devi and ram nivas yadav in the village ali saiyad pur (alipur) of mahendragarh district in haryana state of india.
they are divided into five geographic groups for administrative ease .	they are divided into five geographic groups for administrative purposes .
it is also widely supported in free operating systems, such as gnu/ linux (e.g.	it is also widely supported in free operating systems, such as linux (e.g.
this advanced technology has contributed to the success of the clavinova as a more affordable substitute for an acoustic piano.	this technology has contributed to the success of the clavinova as a more affordable substitute for an acoustic piano.
proposition 8, also known as the limit on marriage amendment or the california marriage protection act, is an initiative measure proposed for the 2008 california general election ballot that, if passed, would amend the california state constitution to prohibit same-sex marriage.	proposition 8, also known as the limit on marriage amendment or the california marriage protection act, is an initiative measure proposed for the 2008 california general election ballot that, if passed, would change the california state constitution to prohibit same-sex marriage.
the track was produced by hot hip-hop producers missy elliott and rockwilder and was featured in baz luhrman's moulin rouge.	the track was produced by hip-hop producers missy elliott and rockwilder and was featured in baz luhrman's moulin rouge.
the logs also show that on march 12 and april 10 of 1972, bush needed two passes to land the f102 fighter.	the logs also show that on march 12 and april 10 of 1972, bush took two passes to land the f102 fighter.
cocaine also proves to be often fatal when used in combination with heroin.	cocaine sometimes proves to be often fatal when used in combination with heroin.
"however, jackins himself frequently urged members to infiltrate and advocate for rc-style philosophy within mainstream groups, which he termed ""wide world change"" so this may just be a consequence of this policy."	"however, jackins himself frequently urged members to join and advocate for rc-style philosophy within mainstream groups, which he termed ""wide world change"" so this may just be a consequence of this policy."
in 1244, the khawarizmi turks recaptured jerusalem, and the city did not come under christian control until 1917 when the british took control from the ottoman turks.	in 1244, the khawarizmi turks recaptured jerusalem, and the city did not come under european control until 1917 when the british took control from the ottoman turks.
in an article co-authored with oxford arabist jason pack addressing the 2011 libyan civil war, van creveld challenged the media's tendency to portray the circumstances in libya as being largely equivalent to those that formed the backdrop to the overthrow of ben-ali in tunisia and mubarak in egypt earlier in the year.	in an article co-authored with oxford mid-east researcher jason pack addressing the 2011 libyan civil war, van creveld challenged the media's tendency to portray the circumstances in libya as being largely equivalent to those that formed the backdrop to the overthrow of ben-ali in tunisia and mubarak in egypt earlier in the year.
after the battle of the trench in 627, the muslims accused the jews of banu qurayza of conspiring with the meccans, then executed the adult male members of the banu qurayza.	after the battle of the trench in 627, the muslims accused the jews of banu qurayza of conspiring with the meccans, then massacred the adult male members of the banu qurayza.
digital restrictions management (drm)	digital rights management (drm)
tech 21 is a new york based manufacturer of guitar and bass effect pedals, amps, and di boxes which allow the user to recreate the tone of many popular guitar amps and record those sounds directly into a mixer.	tech 21 is a new york based manufacturer of guitar and bass effect pedals, amps, and di boxes which allow the user to emulate the tone of many popular guitar amps and record those sounds directly into a mixer.
semeiks also drew 2 acclaimed batman stories penned by dwayne mcduffie in 2002 and 2003 for batman: legends of the dark knight (in issues #156-158) and (issues #164-167).	semeiks also drew 2 batman stories penned by dwayne mcduffie in 2002 and 2003 for batman: legends of the dark knight (in issues #156-158) and (issues #164-167).
the book is remarkable for its treatment of the professional culinary industry.	the book is known for its treatment of the professional culinary industry.
although the european union is one of the richest parts of the world, there are striking internal disparities of income and opportunity between its regions.	although the european union is one of the richest parts of the world, there are large internal disparities of income and opportunity between its regions.
the word algorithm comes from the name of the 9th century persian astrologer mathematician abu abdullah muhammad bin musa al-khwarizmi.	the word algorithm comes from the name of the 9th century persian mathematician abu abdullah muhammad bin musa al-khwarizmi.
when the issue of the purchase age finally reached the floor of parliament in august 2012, mps voted to keep the purchase age at 18. all parties allowed their members a conscience vote - going against another law commission recommendation.	when the issue of the purchase age reached the floor of parliament in august 2012, mps voted to keep the purchase age at 18. all parties allowed their members a conscience vote - going against another law commission recommendation.
this set a new world record for a transatlantic crossing by women, remarkably beating the previous crewed record as well as the singlehanded version.	this set a new world record for a transatlantic crossing by women, beating the previous crewed record as well as the singlehanded version.
the nkt-ikbu portrays itself as following the tradition of kadampa buddhism derived from the buddhist meditators and scholars atisha (ad 982-1054), and je tsongkhapa (1357-1419 ad), as taught by geshe kelsang gyatso.	the nkt-ikbu explains itself as following the tradition of kadampa buddhism derived from the buddhist meditators and scholars atisha (ad 982-1054), and je tsongkhapa (1357-1419 ad), as taught by geshe kelsang gyatso.
from the 1980s to the present apple computer has been plaintiff or defendant in notable civil actions in the united states and other countries.	from the 1980s to the present apple computer has been plaintiff or defendant in civil actions in the united states and other countries.
he is one of only 24 people to have flown to the moon.	he is one of only 24 humans to have flown to the moon.
"a major ski resort, killington ski resort, nicknamed ""the beast of the east,"" is located on the mountain."	"a ski resort, killington ski resort, nicknamed ""the beast of the east,"" is located on the mountain."
he is renowned for his work on second-language acquisition and the psychology of the language learner, in particular on motivation in second-language learning, having published numerous books and papers on these topics.	he is known for his work on second-language acquisition and the psychology of the language learner, in particular on motivation in second-language learning, having published numerous books and papers on these topics.
his novels praise the virtues of monarchies and are blatantly anti-democratic.	his novels praise the virtues of monarchies and are anti-democratic.
cia chief of operations, richard bissell, had chosen this site wisely for the above reasons, but the president, upholding plausible deniability, insisted it be moved.	cia chief of operations, richard bissell, had chosen this site for the above reasons, but the president, upholding plausible deniability, insisted it be moved.
two recent conflicts occurred in the gulf of sidra where libya has claimed the entire gulf as its territorial waters and the u.s. has twice violently enforced freedom of navigation rights (gulf of sidra incident (1981), gulf of sidra incident (1989)).	two recent conflicts occurred in the gulf of sidra where libya has claimed the entire gulf as its territorial waters and the u.s. has twice enforced freedom of navigation rights (gulf of sidra incident (1981), gulf of sidra incident (1989)).
kirchner was bizarrely reported dead on october 15 2006 by wwe.	kirchner was reported dead on october 15 2006 by wwe.
early calculations: physicists, geologists and evolutionists	early calculations: physicists, geologists and biologists
the suebi remained mostly pagan and their subjects priscillianist until an arian missionary named ajax, sent by the visigothic king theodoric ii at the request of the suebic unifier remismund, in 466 converted them and established a lasting arian church which dominated the people until the conversion to catholicism in the 560s.	the suebi remained mostly faithful to their traditional, indo-european religion, and their subjects priscillianist until an arian missionary named ajax, sent by the visigothic king theodoric ii at the request of the suebic unifier remismund, in 466 converted them and established a lasting arian church which dominated the people until the conversion to catholicism in the 560s.
tolls can be paid by one of four means: automated coin payments, payment at a manned toll booth, automated credit/debit card payments or in advance via an m6 toll tag.	tolls can be paid by one of four means: automated coin payments, payment at a staffed toll booth, automated credit/debit card payments or in advance via an m6 toll tag.
nambla emerged from the tumultuous political atmosphere of the 1970s, particularly from the radical wing of the gay liberation movement which followed the 1969 stonewall riots in new york city.	nambla emerged from the tumultuous political atmosphere of the 1970s, particularly from the leftist wing of the gay liberation movement which followed the 1969 stonewall riots in new york city.
he worked as a chemistry teacher in the faculty of education in honorable mecca.	he worked as a chemistry teacher in the faculty of education in mecca .
the brutal , angular concrete building was completed in 1963 under the supervision of architect sir ove arup, whose kingsgate bridge, adjacent, opened two years later.	the brutalist , angular concrete building was completed in 1963 under the supervision of architect sir ove arup, whose kingsgate bridge, adjacent, opened two years later.
lamsa was a member of the assyrian church of the east, a syriac church, which uses the peshitta as its bible translation .	lamsa was a member of the assyrian church of the east, a syriac church, which uses the peshitta as its bible.
"melanie clare sophie ""mel"" giedroyc (; born 1968) is an english presenter, actress and former comedienne best known for her comedy work with sue perkins, co-hosting series including light lunch for channel 4 and the great british bake off for bbc two."	"melanie clare sophie ""mel"" giedroyc (; born 1968) is an english presenter, actress and former comedian best known for her comedy work with sue perkins, co-hosting series including light lunch for channel 4 and the great british bake off for bbc two."
"he won the academy award for ""best director"" for the departed and earned an mfa in film directing from the prestigious new york university tisch school of the arts."	"he won the academy award for ""best director"" for the departed and earned an mfa in film directing from the new york university tisch school of the arts."
the national policy institute is a racist think tank based in augusta, georgia in the united states.	the national policy institute is a think tank based in augusta, georgia in the united states.
after having fraudulently obtained power of attorney over the assets of one such client, an elderly 93-year-old named joan stanton, starr then depleted her funds and was subsequently sued by her in civil court in april 2008. after stanton died in 2009, her daughter, jane stanton hitchcock, went to the united states district court for the southern district of new york who then began a federal criminal investigation of starr leading to the uncovering of his multi-million dollar ponzi scheme and his eventual indictment, arrest, conviction, and sentencing.	after having obtained power of attorney over the assets of one such client, an elderly 93-year-old named joan stanton, starr then depleted her funds and was subsequently sued by her in civil court in april 2008. after stanton died in 2009, her daughter, jane stanton hitchcock, went to the united states district court for the southern district of new york who then began a federal criminal investigation of starr leading to the uncovering of his multi-million dollar ponzi scheme and his eventual indictment, arrest, conviction, and sentencing.
the patriotic youth league (pyl) is a neo-nazi youth organization in australia whose members describe themselves as 'racial nationalists' .	the patriotic youth league (pyl) is a white nationalist youth organization in australia whose members describe themselves as 'racial nationalists' .
chwistek demolishes the axiomatic method by demonstrating that the extant axiomatic systems are inconsistent.	chwistek argued against the axiomatic method by demonstrating that the extant axiomatic systems are inconsistent.
ayn rand (; born alisa zinov'yevna rosenbaum; march 6, 1982) was a russian-born american novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, who later in her career became an essayist and amateur philosopher.	ayn rand (; born alisa zinov'yevna rosenbaum; march 6, 1982) was a russian-born american novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, who later in her career became an essayist and a philosopher.
the rise and fall of trilobyte - excellent detailed article on the company, including the making of the 11th hour.	the rise and fall of trilobyte - detailed article on the company, including the making of the 11th hour.
the hawks fought their way into their third nbl grand final where they unfortunately lost one game to two to the perth wildcats.	the hawks fought their way into their third nbl grand final where they lost one game to two to the perth wildcats.
the museum has a permanent exhibition about the comedienne .	the museum has a permanent exhibition about the comedian .
on january 22, 2013 northern irish journalist and filmmaker phelim mcaleer released a crowdfunded documentary called fracknation as a response to the claims made by fox in gasland.	on january 22, 2013 northern irish journalist and filmmaker phelim mcaleer released a crowdfunded documentary called fracknation as a response to the statements made by fox in gasland.
the younger brother of noted philosopher and counter-revolutionary joseph de maistre, xavier was born to an aristocratic family at chambry in october 1763. he served when young in the kingdom of sardinia army, and wrote his delightful fantasy, voyage autour de ma chambre (journey around my room, published 1794) when he was under arrest at turin in consequence of a duel.	the younger brother of noted philosopher and counter-revolutionary joseph de maistre, xavier was born to an aristocratic family at chambry in october 1763. he served when young in the kingdom of sardinia army, and wrote his fantasy, voyage autour de ma chambre (journey around my room, published 1794) when he was under arrest at turin in consequence of a duel.
the club has contested 15 provincial towns cup finals, winning the coveted trophy on five occasions:	the club has contested 15 provincial towns cup finals, winning the trophy on five occasions:
academic opinion , criticism and controversy	opinion , criticism and controversy
at present it remains the poorest country in europe with rampant corruption and a sadly booming trade in people.	at present it remains the poorest country in europe with rampant corruption and a booming trade in people.
his son daniel pipes is a controversial academic and scholar of middle east affairs.	his son daniel pipes is a academic and scholar of middle east affairs.
according to russian and crimean -separatist sources 95% voted to reunite with russia.	according to russian and crimean sources 95% voted to reunite with russia.
whilst conservatism includes people of many views, it has a significant proportion of adherents who consider homosexuals, and especially the efforts of homosexuals to achieve equal rights and recognition, to be a threat to valued traditions, institutions and freedoms.	whilst conservatism includes people of many views, it has a significant proportion of adherents who consider homosexuals, and especially the efforts of homosexuals to achieve certain rights and recognition, to be a threat to valued traditions, institutions and freedoms.
in fact in greek it is a plural form and it refers to a complex of islands, the largest of which are paxi and antipaxi (a smaller nearby island famous for its wine, which is unfortunately almost impossible to purchase in shops or tavernas, and two of the finest sandy beaches in the ionian sea).	in fact in greek it is a plural form and it refers to a complex of islands, the largest of which are paxi and antipaxi (a smaller nearby island famous for its wine, which is almost impossible to purchase in shops or tavernas, and two of the finest sandy beaches in the ionian sea).
the officer, constable michael ferguson, a 19-year veteran was convicted on the 3rd attempt of manslaughter and ordered to a measly 4-year prison term.	the officer, constable michael ferguson, a 19-year veteran was convicted on the 3rd attempt of manslaughter and ordered to a 4-year prison term.
eventually, the united states needed to devalue the dollar.	eventually, the united states chose to devalue the dollar.
speed limits are most frequently set through arbitrary statutes.	speed limits are most frequently set through statutes.
around 1931, he accepted an invitation to become rabbi in cincinnati, ohio, where he remained until his passing .	around 1931, he accepted an invitation to become rabbi in cincinnati, ohio, where he remained until his death .
of the nine new members in 2001, only one was female.	of the nine new members in 2001, one was female.
mae's friends include bea, a cigarette-smoking alligator; mae's best friend gregg, a fox; and gregg's partner , a bear named angus.	mae's friends include bea, a cigarette-smoking alligator; mae's best friend gregg, a fox; and gregg's boyfriend , a bear named angus.
the influential west london business group backs a surbiton-to-brent-cross west london orbital underground route, based on copenhagen metro technology.	the west london business group backs a surbiton-to-brent-cross west london orbital underground route, based on copenhagen metro technology.
in november 1975, on the eve of angola's independence, cuba launched a large-scale military intervention in support of the leftist liberation movement mpla against united states-backed invasions by south africa and zaire in support of two other liberation movements competing for power in the country, fnla and unita.	in november 1975, on the eve of angola's independence, cuba launched a large-scale military intervention in support of the leftist liberation movement mpla against united states-backed interventions by south africa and zaire in support of two other liberation movements competing for power in the country, fnla and unita.
according to a heresy related to arianism, anomoianism, the spirit was subjugated to the father and the son.	according to a belief related to arianism, anomoianism, the spirit was subjugated to the father and the son.
some men may discover child rape for themselves, some may have learned it from their own childhood experiences and some (perhaps many) may sexually abuse children because the idea of such conduct was imbued through semantic contagion.	some child abusers may discover child rape for themselves, some may have learned it from their own childhood experiences and some (perhaps many) may sexually abuse children because the idea of such conduct was imbued through semantic contagion.
"eta vii accepted this pseudo- amnesty and integrated into the political party euskadiko ezkerra (""left of the basque country"")."	"eta vii accepted this amnesty and integrated into the political party euskadiko ezkerra (""left of the basque country"")."
william topaz mcgonagall (march 1825 29 september 1902) was a scottish weaver, doggerel poet and actor.	william topaz mcgonagall (march 1825 29 september 1902) was a scottish weaver, poet and actor.
the film is hilariously referenced in the 1980 film cheech & chong's next movie.	the film is referenced in the 1980 film cheech & chong's next movie.
these areas are particularly popular with families (many excellent state and private schools are located here), students (the central university of edinburgh campus is based around george square just north of marchmont and the meadows, and napier university has major campuses around merchiston/morningside), and with festival-goers.	these areas are particularly popular with families (many well-regarded state and private schools are located here), students (the central university of edinburgh campus is based around george square just north of marchmont and the meadows, and napier university has major campuses around merchiston/morningside), and with festival-goers.
finnish medical association opposes circumcision of infants for non-medical reasons, because circumcision does not bring about any medical benefits and it may risk the health of the infant as well as his right to physical integrity, because he is not able to make the decision himself.	finnish medical association opposes circumcision of infants for non-medical reasons, arguing that circumcision does not bring about any medical benefits and it may risk the health of the infant as well as his right to physical integrity, because he is not able to make the decision himself.
"von erck ""set out to destroy him by posing as a woman, seducing him online with graphic sex chats, posting the transcripts on the web, and threatening to release a purported video of the individual masturbating..."" the victim was lured to an airport waiting area, where he was secretly photographed by associates of von erck."	"von erck ""set out to destroy him by posing as a woman, seducing him online with graphic sex chats, posting the transcripts on the web, and threatening to release a purported video of the individual masturbating..."" the individual was lured to an airport waiting area, where he was secretly photographed by associates of von erck."
vickers produced the vickers machine gun, lovingly remembered by thousands of british machine gunners.	vickers produced the vickers machine gun, well remembered by thousands of british machine gunners.
"besides the consideration of authors, such as john zerzan, to the existence in tribal society has having less violence altogether , he and other authors such as terrorist theodore kaczynski talk about other forms of violence on the individual in advance countries, generally expressed by the term ""social anomie"", that result from the system of monopolized security ."	"besides the consideration of authors, such as john zerzan, to the existence in tribal society has having less violence altogether , he and other authors such as theodore kaczynski talk about other forms of violence on the individual in advance countries, generally expressed by the term ""social anomie"", that result from the system of monopolized security ."
"they even praised the danish publishing company jyllands-posten over the cartoon controversy, stating they ""did the right thing"" on february 1, 2006."	"they praised the danish publishing company jyllands-posten over the cartoon controversy, stating they ""did the right thing"" on february 1, 2006."
"the tpp is ostensibly intended to be a ""high-standard"" agreement aimed at emerging trade issues in the 21st century."	"the tpp is intended to be a ""high-standard"" agreement aimed at emerging trade issues in the 21st century."
pola has been coaching for jacksonville since the 2005 season, and his jaguars have beaten polamalu's steelers in all 4 of the two teams' meetings since that time, including a dramatic 31-29 jaguars win in the first round of the 2008 nfl playoffs.	pola has been coaching for jacksonville since the 2005 season, and his jaguars have beaten polamalu's steelers in all 4 of the two teams' meetings since that time, including a 31-29 jaguars win in the first round of the 2008 nfl playoffs.
fortunately , gilberto silva had his penalty saved.	however , gilberto silva had his penalty saved.
elements of this personal tragedy, but not calm demeanor, were incorporated into the much-scorned 1997 film batman and robin, in which he was portrayed by arnold schwarzenegger.	elements of this personal tragedy, but not calm demeanor, were incorporated into the 1997 film batman and robin, in which he was portrayed by arnold schwarzenegger.
a small band of mutants manages to evade the sentinels thanks to kitty pryde, who can project a person's consciousness back in time to deliver warnings.	a small band of mutants manages to evade the sentinels due to kitty pryde, who can project a person's consciousness back in time to deliver warnings.
on 12 march 1915 at neuve chapelle, france, corporal anderson led three men with bombs against a large party of the enemy who had entered our trenches, and by his prompt and determined action saved what might have otherwise become a serious situation.	on 12 march 1915 at neuve chapelle, france, corporal anderson led three men with bombs against a large party of the enemy who had entered the allied trenches, and by his prompt and determined action saved what might have otherwise become a serious situation.
christine aventin (born 4 august 1971) is a popular french-language belgian writer.	christine aventin (born 4 august 1971) is a french-language belgian writer.
assume that the earth releases a huge volume of carbon dioxide during an interval of excessive volcanism; global temperatures rise due to the greenhouse effect; global weathering rates and fluvial nutrient flux increase; organic productivity in the oceans increases; organic-carbon burial in the oceans increases (oae begins); carbon dioxide is drawn down (inverse greenhouse effect); global temperatures fall, and the oceanatmosphere system returns to equilibrium (oae ends).	assume that the earth releases a huge volume of carbon dioxide during an interval of intense volcanism; global temperatures rise due to the greenhouse effect; global weathering rates and fluvial nutrient flux increase; organic productivity in the oceans increases; organic-carbon burial in the oceans increases (oae begins); carbon dioxide is drawn down (inverse greenhouse effect); global temperatures fall, and the oceanatmosphere system returns to equilibrium (oae ends).
unfortunately allan spear died on october 11, 2008 from complications following heart surgery earlier that week.	allan spear died on october 11, 2008 from complications following heart surgery earlier that week.
the three so-called abrahamic religions of judaism, christianity and islam have in common many beliefs about god.	the three abrahamic religions of judaism, christianity and islam have in common many beliefs about god.
his second film, eternal sunshine of the spotless mind (also his second collaboration with screenwriter charlie kaufman), was released in 2004 and received many rave reviews.	his second film, eternal sunshine of the spotless mind (also his second collaboration with screenwriter charlie kaufman), was released in 2004 and received many favorable reviews.
bulgaria was determined to observe it until the end of the war; but it hoped for bloodless territorial gains, especially in the lands with a significant bulgarian population occupied by neighbouring countries after the second balkan war and world war i. however, it was clear that the central geopolitical position of bulgaria in the balkans would inevitably lead to strong external pressure by both world war ii factions.	bulgaria was determined to observe it until the end of the war; but it hoped for bloodless territorial gains, especially in the lands with an allegedly significant bulgarian population occupied by neighbouring countries after the second balkan war and world war i. however, it was clear that the central geopolitical position of bulgaria in the balkans would inevitably lead to strong external pressure by both world war ii factions.
born in paris into a very musical family, ginette neveu became a violinist and her brother jean-paul neveu a classical pianist.	born in paris into a musical family, ginette neveu became a violinist and her brother jean-paul neveu a classical pianist.
his father nicolaes everaerts was a famous jurist and friend of erasmus.	his father nicolaes everaerts was a well known jurist and friend of erasmus.
dr. david faiman of the solar center has made revolutionary advancements in the realm of concentrator photovoltaics cpv.	dr. david faiman of the solar center has made advancements in the realm of concentrator photovoltaics cpv.
this was the last encounter between the pair, since beatrice died eight years later at the young age of twenty-four in 1290.	this was the last encounter between the pair, since beatrice died eight years later at the age of twenty-four in 1290.
the see clearly method is an eye-based exercise program based in part on the discredited bates method and marketed as an alternative to the use of glasses, contact lenses, and eye surgery to improve vision.	the see clearly method is an eye-based exercise program based in part on the fringe bates method and marketed as an alternative to the use of glasses, contact lenses, and eye surgery to improve vision.
nonetheless, they remained together until his passing in 1950. after his death, terry became romantically involved with actor gerald fielding, who bore a strong physical resemblance to her late husband.	nonetheless, they remained together until his death in 1950. after his death, terry became romantically involved with actor gerald fielding, who bore a strong physical resemblance to her late husband.
in 2000, the old soviet national anthem was readopted with mikhalkov writing new lyrics to represent russia's ostensibly new non-communist nature.	in 2000, the old soviet national anthem was readopted with mikhalkov writing new lyrics to represent russia's new non-communist nature.
"the assemblea nacional catalana (""catalan national assembly""; anc by its catalan acronym) is an organization that seeks the political independence of catalonia from spain; secondarily, it also promotes irredentistic claims to the catalan countries."	"the assemblea nacional catalana (""catalan national assembly""; anc by its catalan acronym) is an organization that seeks the political independence of catalonia from spain; secondarily, it also promotes the reunification of claims to the catalan countries."
most of these tend to be vocaloid or models that do not have a particular owner .	most of these tend to be vocaloid or models that do not have a particular copyright holder .
a commercial success, a night at the opera has been consistently voted by the public and cited by music publications as one of queen's finest works, and one of the greatest albums ever recorded.	a commercial success, a night at the opera has been voted by the public and cited by music publications as one of queen's finest works, and one of the greatest albums ever recorded.
newegg is one of the best online retailers on resellerratings.com	newegg is one of the highest rated online retailers on resellerratings.com
the buckwheat flour gives them an agreeably earthy, mildly mushroom-like taste.	the buckwheat flour gives them an earthy, mildly mushroom-like taste.
"in poland, two important groups with a shared generational identity are recognized: the generation of columbuses, who were born during the brief period of polish independence in the interbellum and survived world war ii, and the ""generation of free poland"", born after the fall of communism in 1989."	"in poland, two important groups with a shared generational identity are recognized: the generation of columbuses, who were born during the brief period of polish independence in the interbellum and survived world war ii, and the ""generation of free poland"", born after the dissolution of communism in 1989."
cork city have had higher ticket sales at their stadium turners cross, but ever since limerick fc have moved back to their 'spiritual' home at markets field for the first time in 31 years, they too have been getting impressive attendances.	cork city have had higher ticket sales at their stadium turners cross, but ever since limerick fc have moved back to their 'spiritual' home at markets field for the first time in 31 years, they too have been getting high attendances.
on may 5 2009, after thirty years of nationalist government, the lehendakaritza (basque presidency) was transferred to patxi lpez, from the basque socialist party, after an unprecedent alliance with the conservative popular party.	on may 5 2009, after thirty years of nationalist government, the lehendakaritza (basque presidency) was transferred to patxi lpez, from the basque socialist party, after an unprecedent agreement with the conservative popular party.
by contrast, in grey wolf, dunstan and williams provide : (i) evidence of sufficient infrastructure and looted riches to realise the escape plan; (ii) evidence of logistical support from pern and from the vatican, switzerland, spain for nazis; (iii) confirmed records of u-boat landings off patagonia; (iv) fbi documents revealing the usa's concern that hitler might be alive in argentina; and (arguably) the most convincing is (v) the written and recorded testimony of a significant number people in argentina who say they met him or served him (as a nurse, cook, attendant, or former crew of the scuttled graf spee, etc.	by contrast, in grey wolf, dunstan and williams contend : (i) evidence of sufficient infrastructure and looted riches to realise the escape plan; (ii) evidence of logistical support from pern and from the vatican, switzerland, spain for nazis; (iii) confirmed records of u-boat landings off patagonia; (iv) fbi documents revealing the usa's concern that hitler might be alive in argentina; and (arguably) the most convincing is (v) the written and recorded testimony of a significant number people in argentina who say they met him or served him (as a nurse, cook, attendant, or former crew of the scuttled graf spee, etc.
the tv broadcasting of a satirical programme called raiot was censored in november 2003 after the comedienne sabina guzzanti made outspoken criticism of the berlusconi media empire.	the tv broadcasting of a satirical programme called raiot was censored in november 2003 after the comedian sabina guzzanti made outspoken criticism of the berlusconi media empire.
the region devil's backbone is located nearby in the colorful texas hill country.	the region devil's backbone is located nearby in the texas hill country.
not allowing forced union membership, while still ostensibly benefiting from the actions of that union, makes union activities less sustainable.	not allowing forced union membership, while still benefiting from the actions of that union, makes union activities less sustainable.
bull's eye had been noted for violating strict firearms regulations in the past.	bull's eye had been noted for violating firearms regulations in the past.
we are attracted to positive being values such as justice, honesty, truth, beauty, humour, liveliness, power (but not abusive power), order (but not nit-picking), intelligence (but not mensa- snobbery).	we are attracted to positive being values such as justice, honesty, truth, beauty, humour, liveliness, power (but not abusive power), order (but not nit-picking), intelligence (but not snobbery).
ags took another step ahead in 1978 when the team bravely started competing in the european formula 2 championship.	ags took another step ahead in 1978 when the team started competing in the european formula 2 championship.
the corrupt dea was accused in 2005 by the venezuelan government of collaborating with drug traffickers, after which president hugo chvez decided to end any collaboration with the agency.	the dea was accused in 2005 by the venezuelan government of collaborating with drug traffickers, after which president hugo chvez decided to end any collaboration with the agency.
whilst exclusive psalmody was once a distinctive of most presbyterian, calvinist and reformed churches, it is now a fringe position.	whilst exclusive psalmody was once a distinctive of most presbyterian, calvinist and reformed churches, it is now a minority position.
used on the hastings line along with the other south eastern division, fast and semi fast services of the southern region, the jaffa cake livery derived its nickname from a perceived resemblance to the internal appearance of a type of cake .	used on the hastings line along with the other south eastern division, fast and semi fast services of the southern region, the jaffa cake livery derived its nickname from a perceived resemblance to the internal appearance of a type of snack food .
"as the catholic church's ""first purpose is to be the sacrament of the inner union of men with god"" (ccc 775), popes and many catholic leaders strongly support what they see as opus dei's innovative teaching on the sanctifying value of work, its complete fidelity to the catholic church, and its work of enabling individual catholics to take full responsibility for the mission of sanctifying society."	"believing that the catholic church's ""first purpose is to be the sacrament of the inner union of men with god"" (ccc 775), popes and many catholic leaders strongly support what they see as opus dei's innovative teaching on the sanctifying value of work, its complete fidelity to the catholic church, and its work of enabling individual catholics to take full responsibility for the mission of sanctifying society."
political influence on the ipcc has been documented by the release of a memo by exxonmobil to the bush administration, and its effects on the ipcc's leadership.	political influence on the ipcc has been suggested by the release of a memo by exxonmobil to the bush administration, and its effects on the ipcc's leadership.
she is a founding member of the r&b and world's best-selling female group of all time, destiny's child with whom she won two grammy awards and after prompting commercially successful releases with the group, she was forced to leave.	she is a founding member of the r&b and world's best-selling female group of all time, destiny's child with whom she won two grammy awards and after several commercially successful releases with the group, she was forced to leave.
he also gave military support those fighting the racist government of southern rhodesia (zimbabwe).	he also gave military support those fighting the white minority government of southern rhodesia (zimbabwe).
in some cases this support for blue dogs came about because the republican opponent (former representative, now senator tom coburn) was seen as holding strong right wing views; in other cases the support is because in some states like tennessee (where native son al gore embarrassingly lost the state's electoral votes to george w. bush in 2000), oklahoma, and utah, a conservative democrat is seen as the only kind of democrat who can be viable at the polls.	in some cases this support for blue dogs came about because the republican opponent (former representative, now senator tom coburn) was seen as holding strong right wing views; in other cases the support is because in some states like tennessee (where native son al gore lost the state's electoral votes to george w. bush in 2000), oklahoma, and utah, a conservative democrat is seen as the only kind of democrat who can be viable at the polls.
"susianna ""susi"" levonovna kentikian (born syuzanna levonovna kentikyan on september 11, 1987) is a german-armenian professional woman boxer."	"susianna ""susi"" levonovna kentikian (born syuzanna levonovna kentikyan on september 11, 1987) is a german-armenian professional boxer."
some authors, particularly probabilists, use an alternate definition of the hermite polynomials, with a weight function of instead of .	many authors, particularly probabilists, use an alternate definition of the hermite polynomials, with a weight function of instead of .
a picturesque rural landscape along i-95 south in south brunswick	a rural landscape along i-95 south in south brunswick
ome time ago, a text putting in doubt the official version of zapata's death at chinameca was published (in spanish).	some time ago, a text putting in doubt the official version of zapata's death at chinameca was published (in spanish).
coulter has, on occasion, in defense of her ideas, responded with insulting remarks toward hecklers and protestors who attend her speeches.	coulter has, on occasion, in defense of her ideas, responded with inflammatory remarks toward hecklers and protestors who attend her speeches.
the school of the arts is singapore's specialized independent good pre-tertiary arts school.	the school of the arts is singapore's specialized independent pre-tertiary arts school.
there is even a joint program in divinity (m.d./m.div).	there is a joint program in divinity (m.d./m.div).
redirect template: comment2	redirect template: uw-npov2
for almost 3,000 years, mexico was the site of several advanced mesoamerican native american civilizations, such as the olmec, the maya and the aztecs.	for almost 3,000 years, mexico was the site of several mesoamerican native american civilizations, such as the olmec, the maya and the aztecs.
"for example, according to anti-cultist flo conway, a graduate student at the university of oregon, scientologists are taught that if they abandon the ""church"" they will soon kill themselves or have a serious illness or accident."	"for example, according to flo conway, a graduate student at the university of oregon, scientologists are taught that if they abandon the ""church"" they will soon kill themselves or have a serious illness or accident."
smartart, found under the insert tab in the ribbon in powerpoint, word, excel, and outlook, is a new group of easily editable and formatted diagrams.	smartart, found under the insert tab in the ribbon in powerpoint, word, excel, and outlook, is a new group of editable and formatted diagrams.
she was opposed to nuclear energy and weapons, correctly identifying disposal of nuclear waste as a serious area for concern.	she was opposed to nuclear energy and weapons, identifying disposal of nuclear waste as a serious area for concern.
after several years spent mostly outside the wrestling limelight, warrior returned to the wwf in 1996, defeating triple h at wrestlemania xii.	after several years spent mostly outside the wrestling limelight, warrior returned to the wwf in 1996, squashing a young triple h at wrestlemania xii.
shandi finnessey, miss usa 2004, unfortunately took over the role as co-host since the start of the fourth season.	shandi finnessey, miss usa 2004, took over the role as co-host since the start of the fourth season.
"williams' jacques villeneuve won the race from team-mate damon hill and ferrari's michael schumacher, having overtaken the latter on the outside of the final corner while the two were lapping the slow-moving back-marking minardi of giovanni lavaggi (who at the time was famously described by bbc tv commentator jonathan palmer as ""desperately slow"" and ""there because of his money"")."	"williams' jacques villeneuve won the race from team-mate damon hill and ferrari's michael schumacher, having overtaken the latter on the outside of the final corner while the two were lapping the slow-moving back-marking minardi of giovanni lavaggi (who at the time was described by bbc tv commentator jonathan palmer as ""desperately slow"" and ""there because of his money"")."
under the older cronquist system, the geraniales had a different composition, comprising the following families:	under the cronquist system, the geraniales had a different composition, comprising the following families:
the danish state church has yet to decide how to handle the issue, but the general attitude of the church seems positive but hesitant.	the danish state church has yet to decide how to handle the issue, but the general attitude of the church seems approving but hesitant.
the song was taken from the great comedian/singer john valby.	the song was taken from the comedian/singer john valby .
in the early years of the 21st century bands such as my chemical romance, the used and taking back sunday have become the new commerical punk sound, playing poppy hardcore music which the music media wrongly terms emo.	in the early years of the 21st century bands such as my chemical romance, the used and taking back sunday have become the new commerical punk sound, playing poppy hardcore music which the music media terms emo.
he currently works for the public school system of prince george's county, is happily married, and has 4 daughters.	he currently works for the public school system of prince george's county, is married, and has 4 daughters.
christkindlsmrik is a famous christmas market held annually in strasbourg, france near the strasbourg cathedral.	christkindlsmrik is a christmas market held annually in strasbourg, france near the strasbourg cathedral.
1959 - fulgencio batista, dictator of cuba, is overthrown by fidel castro's forces during the cuban revolution.	1959 - fulgencio batista, president of cuba, is overthrown by fidel castro's forces during the cuban revolution.
leo and diane dillon are a prolific american husband and wife team of illustrators.	leo and diane dillon are a american husband and wife team of illustrators.
he greatly contributed in livorno's return to serie a in 2004, scoring 29 goals in 38 matches and resigning an half-million euro contract with torino calcio to get back to his beloved team.	he greatly contributed in livorno's return to serie a in 2004, scoring 29 goals in 38 matches and turning down an half-million euro contract with torino calcio to get back to his beloved team.
he is the main antagonist in the second book prince caspian, and is the uncle of the book's protagonist.	he is the main antagonist in the book prince caspian, and is the uncle of the book's protagonist.
it began in 1962, when the university was merely an external campus of the university of new south wales.	it began in 1962, when the university was an external campus of the university of new south wales.
humans, with our cultural norms and scientific knowledge, have supplanted nature with several different conceptions of the day's boundaries.	humans, with their cultural norms and scientific knowledge, have supplanted nature with several different conceptions of the day's boundaries.
therefore, the wealth disparity is more than 15 times worse than the west.	therefore, the wealth disparity is more than 15 times better than the west.
the psalm is appointed for the first sunday in lent, linking it to the gospel of luke, chapter 4, the temptation of jesus in the wilderness, where the devil misuses this psalm.	the psalm is appointed for the first sunday in lent, linking it to the gospel of luke, chapter 4, the temptation of jesus in the wilderness, where the devil quotes this psalm.
another left-leaning watchdog group, media matters for america, highlighted comments beck made in an interview with keith ellison, the first practicing muslim elected to the united states congress.	another watchdog group, media matters for america, highlighted comments beck made in an interview with keith ellison, the first practicing muslim elected to the united states congress.
"on the december 5, 2005 edition of raw, wwe chairman, vince mcmahon held the hilarious ""trial of eric bischoff,"" with vince himself as the judge."	"on the december 5, 2005 edition of raw, wwe chairman, vince mcmahon held the ""trial of eric bischoff,"" with vince himself as the judge."
portland and certain other oregon cities (such as hood river and bend) are well-known for their excellent beer.	portland and certain other oregon cities (such as hood river and bend) are well-known for their beer.
the soundtrack was meant to capture an angry spirit and brilliantly features a collection of punk bands of the time.	the soundtrack was meant to capture an angry spirit and features a collection of punk bands of the time.
in 1987, the guerreros returned to be leaders and scored again at 4 days to finish the regular season, unfortunately , despite only having lost a home game in the tournament santos laguna went back to the shore in their struggle to ascend to the mexican first division.	in 1987, the guerreros returned to be leaders and scored again at 4 days to finish the regular season, however , despite only having lost a home game in the tournament santos laguna went back to the shore in their struggle to ascend to the mexican first division.
composer danny elfman noted that the film's score was accessibly quick to produce, with a majority of the music being written in just six weeks.	composer danny elfman noted that the film's score was accessibly quick to produce, with a majority of the music being written in six weeks.
opponents argue that this is a one-sided rationalisation and uses the same logic that pedophiles use to justify their behavior, a claim that, in turn, is disputed by defenders .	opponents argue that this is a one-sided rationalisation and uses the same logic that pedophiles use to justify their behavior, a claim that, in turn, is disputed by apologists for this perverted behavior .
bolivar is derived from simn bolvar, one of the greatest heroes of the latin american wars of independence; bolivia is named after him, as are a number of other things in the western hemisphere:	bolivar is derived from simn bolvar, one of the heroes of the latin american wars of independence; bolivia is named after him, as are a number of other things in the western hemisphere:
although both sides lost heavily in men and materiel , and neither gained a decisive military advantage, india had the better of the war.	although both sides lost heavily in men and material , and neither gained a decisive military advantage, india had the better of the war.
the group's mission includes advocating for access to youth advocates, due process, alternatives to aversive behavioral interventions, and alternatives to restraints and seclusion for young people in treatment programs.	the group's mission includes advocating for access to advocates, due process, alternatives to aversive behavioral interventions, and alternatives to restraints and seclusion for young people in treatment programs.
"lucien bouchard infamously said that canada wasn't a ""real country"", sparking outrage across canada."	"lucien bouchard said that canada wasn't a ""real country"", sparking outrage across canada."
he is the famous azerbaijani singer, the son of the greatest azerbaijani opera singer, bulbul.	he is the famous azerbaijani singer, the son of the azerbaijani opera singer, bulbul.
controversial comments on cluster bombs	comments on cluster bombs
poor mike lost in a landslide defeat; he was the only one who voted for himself.	mike lost in a landslide defeat; he was the only one who voted for himself.
the stadium was named after ilie oan, a romanian famous player and coach.	the stadium was named after ilie oan, a romanian international player and coach.
april 2 - falklands war begins: argentina recovers the falkland islands.	april 2 - falklands war begins: argentina invades the falkland islands.
slavko perovi ( serbian cyrillic: ), born on 2 august 1954, was a co-founder and the leader of liberal alliance of montenegro, a former party that was fighting for independence of montenegro and promoting liberalism in montenegro throughout the 1990s and early 2000s.	slavko perovi ( montenegrin cyrillic: ), born on 2 august 1954, was a co-founder and the leader of liberal alliance of montenegro, a former party that was fighting for independence of montenegro and promoting liberalism in montenegro throughout the 1990s and early 2000s.
fortunately , technologies to speed up the smith-waterman process have been found to improve the time necessary to perform a search dramatically.	however , technologies to speed up the smith-waterman process have been found to improve the time necessary to perform a search dramatically.
the nazi party pursued its aims through brutal persecution of those considered impure, especially against targeted minority groups such as jews, gypsies, and homosexuals, as well as political opponents.	the nazi party pursued its aims through persecution of those considered impure, especially against targeted minority groups such as jews, gypsies, and homosexuals, as well as political opponents.
cocaine abuse doubles both the risks of hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes, as well as increases the risk of other infarctions, such as myocardial infarction.	cocaine misuse doubles both the risks of hemorrhagic and ischemic strokes, as well as increases the risk of other infarctions, such as myocardial infarction.
at the end of 2002 hattrick already had more than 60,000 users .	at the end of 2002 hattrick had more than 60,000 users .
all 43 aboard the ill-fated jetliner -- 38 passengers and 5 crew members -- perished.	all 43 aboard the jetliner -- 38 passengers and 5 crew members -- perished.
zaccheroni's impressive results at udinese attracted the attention of italian giants a.c. milan, who appointed him as manager after the san siro club had endured two miserable seasons.	zaccheroni's results at udinese attracted the attention of italian giants a.c. milan, who appointed him as manager after the san siro club had endured two miserable seasons.
the pioneer fund is a controversial american non-profit foundation that provides grants for research in heredity and human personality differences, as well as funding for groups advocating immigration reduction.	the pioneer fund is a american non-profit foundation that provides grants for research in heredity and human personality differences, as well as funding for groups advocating immigration reduction.
the 9/11 domestic complicity theory asserts that either george w. bush, or members of george w. bush's cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).	the 9/11 domestic conspiracy theory asserts that either george w. bush, or members of george w. bush's cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).
notable recent transections	recent transections
"james woolsey, neocon chairman of the freedom house, and a former director of the cia, claimed russia was becoming an increasingly fascist state, and that russian administration under incumbent president putin (2000-2008) was behaving ""like a fascist government""."	"james woolsey, chairman of the freedom house, and a former director of the cia, claimed russia was becoming an increasingly fascist state, and that russian administration under incumbent president putin (2000-2008) was behaving ""like a fascist government""."
infamous telemarketing center	telemarketing center
the film was directed by otto brower and stars several silent film favorites such as william farnum, priscilla dean in one of her last films, veteran ralph ince and attractive eve southern.	the film was directed by otto brower and stars several silent film favorites such as william farnum, priscilla dean in one of her last films, veteran ralph ince and eve southern.
in recent years, a handful of prominent apologists, theologians, and ministers have published their support for living stream ministry and the teachings of watchman nee and witness lee.	in recent years, a handful of apologists, theologians, and ministers have published their support for living stream ministry and the teachings of watchman nee and witness lee.
arabs, crusaders, romans, jews, and other semetic people have all settled in the region and intermarried .	arabs, crusaders, romans, jews, and other people have all settled in the region and intermarried .
hezbollah or hizbullah (arabic , meaning party of god ) is a governmental and militant lebanese islamist group, with a military arm and a civilian arm, founded in 1982 to resist the israeli occupation of southern lebanon.	hezbollah or hizbullah (arabic , meaning party of allah ) is a governmental and militant lebanese islamist group, with a military arm and a civilian arm, founded in 1982 to resist the israeli occupation of southern lebanon.
populist pat buchanan upset dole in the early new hampshire primary, however, with dole finishing second and former tennessee governor lamar alexander finishing third.	presidential nominee pat buchanan upset dole in the early new hampshire primary, however, with dole finishing second and former tennessee governor lamar alexander finishing third.
these four were roundly condemned by the hosts and most of the participants, and the first few questions concerned the somewhat racist reputation of the republican party.	these four were roundly condemned by the hosts and most of the participants, and the first few questions concerned the allegedly racist reputation of the republican party.
the powerful balarama refused to fight at kurukshetra, because he was both bheema's and duryodhana's coach in gadhaydhdhaa (fighting with maces) and his brother krishna is on the other side.	the powerful balarama refused to fight at kurukshetra, because he was both bheema's and duryodhana's coach in gadhayudhdh (fighting with maces) and his brother krishna is on the other side.
alexander the great (greek: or , megas alexandros; july 20 356 bc june 10 323 bc), also known as alexander iii of macedon (greek: ' ) was an ancient greek king (basileus) of macedon (336323 bc).	alexander the great (greek: or , megas alexandros; july 20 356 bc june 10 323 bc), also known as alexander iii of macedon (greek: ' ) was an ancient macedonian king (basileus) of macedon (336323 bc).
although strongly inspired by the works of bathory and celtic frost, this seminal album brought punk-like simplicity and chaos to metal.	although strongly inspired by the works of bathory and celtic frost, this album brought punk-like simplicity and chaos to metal.
"he introduced western concepts in very unique ""makams"" (movements)."	"he introduced western concepts in unique ""makams"" (movements)."
the wct atlanta tournament was negatively marked by early exits of both top seeds, stefan edberg and boris becker, in the 1st round.	the wct atlanta tournament was marked by early exits of both top seeds, stefan edberg and boris becker, in the 1st round.
also, it is apparent that there are only five mountains above 8,200 metres.	also, it is apparent that there are five mountains above 8,200 metres.
more accurate measurements taken by space probes such as voyager 2 caused the anomalies to vanish without the need for an extra planet, and the hypothesis was unsustainable in the 1990s.	more accurate measurements taken by space probes such as voyager 2 caused the anomalies to vanish without the need for an extra planet, and the hypothesis was discredited in the 1990s.
"besides the ""illuminati"" ambigram, the title of the book is also skillfully presented as an ambigram on the hardcover book jacket (but not in any of the paperback versions)."	"besides the ""illuminati"" ambigram, the title of the book is also presented as an ambigram on the hardcover book jacket (but not in any of the paperback versions)."
malekpour has been kept in iran's notorious evin prison and was initially placed for almost a year in solitary confinement without legal representation.	malekpour has been kept in iran's evin prison and was initially placed for almost a year in solitary confinement without legal representation.
"some proponents of gun rights and the second amendment claimed virginia tech's gun-free ""safe zone"" policy ensured that none of the students or faculty would be armed, guaranteeing that no one could stop cho's rampage."	"proponents of gun rights and the second amendment claimed virginia tech's gun-free ""safe zone"" policy ensured that none of the students or faculty would be armed, guaranteeing that no one could stop cho's rampage."
however, the film was a box office disaster .	however, the film was a box office failure .
the white tern, gygis alba is a beautiful small seabird found across the tropical oceans of the world.	the white tern, gygis alba is a small seabird found across the tropical oceans of the world.
until 31 march 2008, they also operated for the east midlands ambulance service but after some shamefully public political wranglings between wmas and emas, the aircraft was withdrawn by wmas and redeployed into tatenhill (staffordshire), despite the presence of the nearby cosford aircraft .	until 31 march 2008, they also operated for the east midlands ambulance service but after some public political wranglings between wmas and emas, the aircraft was withdrawn by wmas and redeployed into tatenhill (staffordshire), despite the presence of the nearby cosford aircraft .
"it was one of the last session recordings to feature drummer jeff porcaro before his untimely death in 1992. a sticker was released with a limited edition single release, which says ""don't get too close!"	"it was one of the last session recordings to feature drummer jeff porcaro before his death in 1992. a sticker was released with a limited edition single release, which says ""don't get too close!"
windows nt is a family of operating systems produced by microsoft, the first version of which was released in july 1993. it was a powerful high-level-language-based, processor-independent, multiprocessing, multi-user operating system.	windows nt is a family of operating systems produced by microsoft, the first version of which was released in july 1993. it was a high-level-language-based, processor-independent, multiprocessing, multi-user operating system.
governor john m. slaton, believing there may have been a miscarriage of justice, commuted the sentence to life imprisonment, to great local outrage.	governor john m. slaton, stating there may have been a miscarriage of justice, commuted the sentence to life imprisonment, to great local outrage.
its adherents are christians who accept the hebrew text of genesis is a literal account that god created the earth in six 24-hour days, or believe that existing evidence in the natural world today supports a strict interpretation of scriptural creation as historical fact, or that the scientific evidence supporting darwinian evolution, geological uniformitarianism, and other theories which are at odds with a literal interpretation of the genesis creation account, are either flawed or misinterpreted.	its adherents are christians who believe that the hebrew text of genesis is a literal account that god created the earth in six 24-hour days, or believe that existing evidence in the natural world today supports a strict interpretation of scriptural creation as historical fact, or that the scientific evidence supporting darwinian evolution, geological uniformitarianism, and other theories which are at odds with a literal interpretation of the genesis creation account, are either flawed or misinterpreted.
the golan heights winery is an israeli winery located in katzrin, built on the site of an agricultural village from the mishnaic period in the israeli-occupied golan heights.	the golan heights winery is an israeli winery located in katzrin, built on the site of an agricultural village from the mishnaic period in the golan heights.
in the latter part of the twentieth century, the roles of longstanding institutions and traditions within the college have changed in the face of progressive criticism.	in the latter part of the twentieth century, the roles of longstanding institutions and traditions within the college have changed in the face of both internal and external criticism.
count dracula (1977), a faithful bbc tv adaptation starring louis jourdan	count dracula (1977), a bbc tv adaptation starring louis jourdan
the diebold accuvote voting machine has also come under extreme scrutiny especially by ralph nader's campaign.	the diebold accuvote voting machine has also come under scrutiny especially by ralph nader's campaign.
<small> (6) yugoslavia disintegrated in 1992 into seven independent states: bosnia-herzegovina, croatia, slovenia, macedonia, montenegro, serbia, and finally kosovo later in 2008.	<small> (6) yugoslavia separated in 1992 into seven independent states: bosnia-herzegovina, croatia, slovenia, macedonia, montenegro, serbia, and finally kosovo later in 2008.
the fasting mimicking diet (also called fmd) is a low-calorie, low-protein, low-carbohydrate, high-fat meal program that mimics the effects of periodic fasting or water fasting over the course of 5 days while still providing the body with nutrition.	the fasting mimicking diet (also called fmd) is a low-calorie, low-protein, low-carbohydrate, high-fat meal program that mimics the effects of periodic fasting or water fasting over the course of 5 days while still aiming to provide the body with nutrition.
the jewish population of hungary and the areas it occupied were decimated as part of the holocaust , documented by elie wiesel in his autobiography night.	the jewish population of hungary and the areas it occupied were decimated as part of the holocost , documented by elie wiesel in his autobiography night.
located on the banks of the scenic mandovi river in goa, the business school was founded in 1993 when fr.	located on the banks of the mandovi river in goa, the business school was founded in 1993 when fr.
it is surrounded by spectacular coral reefs and a shorter, rocky islet about 5-10 feet (1.5-3 meters) tall.	it is surrounded by coral reefs and a shorter, rocky islet about 5-10 feet (1.5-3 meters) tall.
he was apparently despondent over a news media investigation into enhancements he wore on his navy achievement medal and a navy commendation medal, small brass vs signifying valor in combat, which newsweek magazine was claiming that he was not entitled to wear.	he was reported to be despondent over a news media investigation into enhancements he wore on his navy achievement medal and a navy commendation medal, small brass vs signifying valor in combat, which newsweek magazine was claiming that he was not entitled to wear.
in the center of town is a tall building that houses the silph co., a massive office complex that team rocket takes control of for their evil plans.	in the center of town is a tall building that houses the silph co., a massive office complex that team rocket takes control of for their plans.
shotguns larger than the massive 10 gauge are rarely manufactured nowadays.	shotguns larger than the 10 gauge are rarely manufactured nowadays.
the high knob massif forms a core area of the renowned clinch valley bioreserve, a 2200 square mile (5700 km) section of southwestern virginia and upper east tennessee that has been designated by the nature conservancy as one of the last great places in the world.	the high knob massif forms a core area of the clinch valley bioreserve, a 2200 square mile (5700 km) section of southwestern virginia and upper east tennessee that has been designated by the nature conservancy as one of the last great places in the world.
in 1933 the dachau concentration camp was built east of the city by germany and operated until 1945. it was the first of what became many camps.	in 1933 the dachau concentration camp was built east of the city by the nazis and operated until 1945. it was the first of what became many camps.
however, after the defeat of the palas by the anti-buddhist hindu sena dynasty, buddhism's position again began to erode and became nearly extinct in india.	however, after the defeat of the palas by the hindu sena dynasty, buddhism's position again began to erode and became nearly extinct in india.
the importance of oral culture and tradition in africa and the recent dominance of european languages through colonialism, among other factors, has led to the misconception that the languages of africa as a whole either have no written forms, or have been put to writing only very recently.	the importance of oral culture and tradition in africa and the recent dominance of european languages through colonialism, among other factors, has led to a western misconception that the languages of africa as a whole either have no written forms, or have been put to writing only very recently.
"thus, it might be fair to say that the term ""god"" is a label or linguistic symbol, for the ultimate being or truth of existence which the vast majority of people believe exists , and that different people subsume within that term their different concepts about the nature and attributes of such a being."	"thus, it might be fair to say that the term ""god"" is a label or linguistic symbol, for the ultimate being or truth of existence which the majority of people believe exists , and that different people subsume within that term their different concepts about the nature and attributes of such a being."
bates college is a prestigious liberal arts college located in lewiston, maine.	bates college is a liberal arts college located in lewiston, maine.
both were issues she had championed during that session.	both were issues she had advocated during that session.
oneness pentecostals know that the only way to be saved is through the baptism in jesus name (acts 2:38), and the infilling of the holy spirit with the evidence of speaking in tongues (as the spirit of god giveth utterance, acts 2, acts 10), sanctification, and baptism in the holy spirit.	oneness pentecostals believe that the only way to be saved is through the baptism in jesus name (acts 2:38), and the infilling of the holy spirit with the evidence of speaking in tongues (as the spirit of god giveth utterance, acts 2, acts 10), sanctification, and baptism in the holy spirit.
space cats is an american cartoon series for television (with some live-action puppetry sequences) that aired on nbc in 1991. it is a comedy show about alien felines helping mankind .	space cats is an american cartoon series for television (with some live-action puppetry sequences) that aired on nbc in 1991. it is a comedy show about alien felines helping humankind .
the host team reached the finals of volleyball, basketball and hockey, but unfortunately lost out to their opponents.	the host team reached the finals of volleyball, basketball and hockey, but lost out to their opponents.
in the malthus factor: population, poverty, and politics in capitalist development, ross depicts malthus' work as a pseudo-scientific rationalization of the social inequities produced by the industrial revolution, anti-immigration movements, the eugenics movement, the various international development movements..	in the malthus factor: population, poverty, and politics in capitalist development, ross depicts malthus' work as a rationalization of the social inequities produced by the industrial revolution, anti-immigration movements, the eugenics movement, the various international development movements..
victoria sellers (born 20 january 1965) is an english model, actress, comedienne and jewellery designer.	victoria sellers (born 20 january 1965) is an english model, actress, comedian and jewellery designer.
ufology is a neologism coined to describe the collective efforts of enthusiasts who study ufo reports and associated evidence.	ufology is a neologism coined to describe the collective efforts of investigators who study ufo reports and associated evidence.
for example, the lsb specifies that software packages should be delivered in red hat's rpm format, which was invented much later than debian's deb package format, and the debian developers are not likely to change their format, which they (and others) naturally perceive as superior.	for example, the lsb specifies that software packages should be delivered in red hat's rpm format, which was invented much later than debian's deb package format, and the debian developers are not likely to change their format, which they (and others) perceive as superior.
the subjective terms first world, second world, and third world, can be used to divide the nations of earth into three broad categories.	the terms first world, second world, and third world, can be used to divide the nations of earth into three broad categories.
however, some feminists were disappointed by the revelation that femquake was started by a man.	however, some feminists were disappointed by the disclosure that femquake was started by a man.
tharang is a prestigious national level technical festival hosted annually by jyothi engineering college.	tharang is a national level technical festival hosted annually by jyothi engineering college.
having learned that another dragon existed, saphira develops romantic feelings for glaedr, but he ultimately rebuffs her; a decision supported by eragon, who considers it improper for a student to mate with its mentor.	having learned that another dragon existed, saphira develops romantic feelings for glaedr, but he ultimately rebuffs her; a decision supported by eragon, who considers it improper for a student to mate with their mentor.
there are some customs holding that men and women or teenagers and adolescents above the age of fifteen in a lunar or solar calender who possess the faculties of rationality, logic and/or sanity, but miss numerous successive jumu'ahs, no longer qualify as a muslim.	there are customs holding that men and women or teenagers and adolescents above the age of fifteen in a lunar or solar calender who possess the faculties of rationality, logic and/or sanity, but miss numerous successive jumu'ahs, no longer qualify as a muslim.
"during a meeting in moscow on march 10, 2011, russian prime minister vladimir putin unexpectedly proposed the introduction of reciprocal visa-free travel to us vice president joe biden, saying, ""it would be a historical step in the development of russian-u.s. relations"" and would create ""an absolutely new atmosphere between our countries."""	"during a meeting in moscow on march 10, 2011, russian prime minister vladimir putin proposed the introduction of reciprocal visa-free travel to us vice president joe biden, saying, ""it would be a historical step in the development of russian-u.s. relations"" and would create ""an absolutely new atmosphere between our countries."""
however, in his subsequent coalition fianna fil/labour party government, as a result of pressure from the labour party the laws were finally reformed by the minister for justice, mire geoghegan-quinn in 1993. she was noted for insisting that an equal age of consent be provided for homosexuals and heterosexuals alike.	however, in his subsequent coalition fianna fil/labour party government, as a result of pressure from the labour party the laws were reformed by the minister for justice, mire geoghegan-quinn in 1993. she was noted for insisting that an equal age of consent be provided for homosexuals and heterosexuals alike.
january 2 – saint thrse of lisieux, catholic saint and mystic (d. 1897)	january 2 – thrse of lisieux, catholic saint and mystic (d. 1897)
brian's amazing guitar playing can be heard on a new too smooth live performance dvd release of the band playing back in 1979, released in 2007.	brian's guitar playing can be heard on a new too smooth live performance dvd release of the band playing back in 1979, released in 2007.
historically, languages intended for beginners, such as basic and the lisp-derived logo, have often used garbage collection for variable-length data types, such as strings and lists, so as to not burden novice programmers with manual memory management.	historically, languages intended for beginners, such as basic and the lisp-derived logo, have often used garbage collection for variable-length data types, such as strings and lists, so as to not burden programmers with manual memory management.
andalusia is the home of gypsy flamenco music.	andalusia is the home of flamenco music.
effectively, elena ledda's 2007 release will be a collaboration which was almost completed in the studio, though sadly parodi never made it to the end.	effectively, elena ledda's 2007 release will be a collaboration which was almost completed in the studio, though parodi never made it to the end.
"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american supermodel , furniture designer, and actress."	"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american model , furniture designer, and actress."
the international marriage broker industry has grown in response to a demand by american men, many of whom turn out to be sexual predators, for traditional wives from countries such as the philippines, russia, and ukraine.	the international marriage broker industry has grown in response to a demand by american men, some of whom turn out to be sexual predators, for traditional wives from countries such as the philippines, russia, and ukraine.
his notable films include musical-drama film footloose (1984), the controversial historical conspiracy legal thriller jfk (1991), the legal drama a few good men (1992), the historical docudrama apollo 13 (1995), and the mystery drama mystic river (2003).	his films include musical-drama film footloose (1984), the controversial historical conspiracy legal thriller jfk (1991), the legal drama a few good men (1992), the historical docudrama apollo 13 (1995), and the mystery drama mystic river (2003).
mel martin (born melanie jayne martin, 1947) is an english actress .	mel martin (born melanie jayne martin, 1947) is an english actor .
"the government accountability office (gao), the federal government's auditor, argues that the united states is on a fiscally ""unsustainable"" path and that politicians and the electorate have been unwilling to change this path."	"the government accountability office (gao), the federal government's auditor, says that the united states is on a fiscally ""unsustainable"" path and that politicians and the electorate have been unwilling to change this path."
russell gregoire maclellan (born january 16, 1940) is a friendly canadian politician who served as the 24th premier of nova scotia from 1997 to 1999.	russell gregoire maclellan (born january 16, 1940) is a canadian politician who served as the 24th premier of nova scotia from 1997 to 1999.
sour butter from the former dzisna county was proudly exported to england, where it continued to be the most expensive variety up to world war i. today, however, these traditions have become a thing of the past.	sour butter from the former dzisna county was exported to england, where it continued to be the most expensive variety up to world war i. today, however, these traditions have become a thing of the past.
however, bonds has unjustly become the most frequent target of the anti-steroids backlash that has hit major league baseball in recent years, even though he has never tested positive for any performance enhancing substance.	however, bonds has become the most frequent target of the anti-steroids backlash that has hit major league baseball in recent years, even though he has never tested positive for any performance enhancing substance.
from the london school of economics, where he studied under oakeshott himself, and a ph.d. from the university of chicago, where his advisor was joseph cropsey, a friend and disciple of the controversial political philosopher leo strauss.	from the london school of economics, where he studied under oakeshott himself, and a ph.d. from the university of chicago, where his advisor was joseph cropsey, a friend and disciple of the political philosopher leo strauss.
she is happily married and has a baby girl, claudia.	she is married and has a baby girl, claudia.
the airport is the main point of entry for thousands of tourists who come to easter island to see its famous moai statues.	the airport is the main point of entry for thousands of tourists who come to easter island to see its moai statues.
joy viado, 57, filipino comedienne and actress, heart attack.	joy viado, 57, filipino comedian and actress, heart attack.
as a result, they consider non-haredi denominations to be unjustifiable deviations from authentic judaism.	as a result, they consider non-haredi denominations to be deviations from authentic judaism.
"americans united for the separation of church and state (auscs), a liberal religious liberty organization, has criticized kennedy's founding of center for reclaiming america for being ""just another religious right outfit obsessed with opposing legal abortion and gay rights and bashing public education."""	"americans united for the separation of church and state (auscs), a religious liberty organization, has criticized kennedy's founding of center for reclaiming america for being ""just another religious right outfit obsessed with opposing legal abortion and gay rights and bashing public education."""
"this is the theme mentioned in the holy qur'an, chapter 105 ""al-feel"" (the elephant) as follows:"	"this is the theme mentioned in the qur'an, chapter 105 ""al-feel"" (the elephant) as follows:"
as of the census of 2010, there were 1,787 happy people, 751 households, and 467 families residing in the town.	as of the census of 2010, there were 1,787 people, 751 households, and 467 families residing in the town.
traditional family history has that the earliest ancestors of the yusupovs were allegedly from arabia, believed to be descended from ali, a cousin of prophet muhammad.	traditional family history has that the earliest ancestors of the yusupovs were allegedly from arabia, believed to be descended from ali, a cousin of muhammad.
born in henderson, in rusk county, texas, white attended baylor university in waco, texas, and was a member of the prestigious tryon coterie club, now phi delta theta (texas lambda chapter) at baylor.	born in henderson, in rusk county, texas, white attended baylor university in waco, texas, and was a member of the tryon coterie club, now phi delta theta (texas lambda chapter) at baylor.
fumed guy aoki, president of the organization.	stated guy aoki, president of the organization.
he was briefly married, a union marked by abuse and even spousal rape.	he was briefly married, a union marked by abuse and spousal rape.
it also plays a significant role in armenian nationalism and irredentism.	it also plays a significant role in armenian culture and irredentism.
there is some evidence that franco planned to invade both portugal and gibraltar, together with the nazis if portugal was to side with the allies against spain (in the event that spains could side with germany).	there is some evidence that franco planned to invade both portugal and gibraltar, together with the nazis if portugal was to side with the allies against spain (in the event that spain could side with germany).
"the university of marburg has about 25,000 students and 7,500 employees, making marburg, a picturesque town of 72,000 inhabitants, the proverbial ""university town"", with university buildings dotted in or around the centre."	"the university of marburg has about 25,000 students and 7,500 employees, making marburg, a town of 72,000 inhabitants, the proverbial ""university town"", with university buildings dotted in or around the centre."
"the text of the entry described this nefarious deed as ""terrible."""	"the text of the entry described this deed as ""terrible."""
it is clear that ernest will win the election which is to follow the coup and become duke, which troubles julia jellicoe, the english comedienne .	it is clear that ernest will win the election which is to follow the coup and become duke, which troubles julia jellicoe, the english comedian .
"eurythmics released a long line of classic singles in the 1980s, including ""sweet dreams (are made of this)"", ""here comes the rain again"",""sisters are doing it for themselves"", ""who's that girl?"	"eurythmics released a long line of singles in the 1980s, including ""sweet dreams (are made of this)"", ""here comes the rain again"",""sisters are doing it for themselves"", ""who's that girl?"
the israeli government made belligerent statements regarding hezbollah's increased ability for air defense in limiting the israeli ability to invade lebanese airspace, particularly in sphere of reconnaissance and surveillance operations.	the israeli government made statements regarding hezbollah's increased ability for air defense in limiting the israeli ability to invade lebanese airspace, particularly in sphere of reconnaissance and surveillance operations.
the necklace in this christian account has no name, but people assume that it refers to brsingamen.	the necklace in this account has no name, but people assume that it refers to brsingamen.
among the fascinating themes featured in the exhibition galleries are an environmental odyssey, pathways to discovery, future world and thinking machines.	among the themes featured in the exhibition galleries are an environmental odyssey, pathways to discovery, future world and thinking machines.
on 9 april 1891, crampel and a number of men in his caravan were murdered there.	on 9 april 1891, crampel and a number of men in his caravan were killed there.
emilia tennyson (18111887), known simply as emily within her family, was a younger sister of alfred, lord tennyson, and the fiance of arthur henry hallam, for whom tennyson's great poem, in memoriam a.h.h., was written.	emilia tennyson (18111887), known simply as emily within her family, was a younger sister of alfred, lord tennyson, and the fiance of arthur henry hallam, for whom tennyson's poem, in memoriam a.h.h., was written.
with her passing , australia's colonial history lost another extraordinary individual.	with her death , australia's colonial history lost another extraordinary individual.
"in another episode (""when louis met...the hamiltons""), the disgraced tory mp neil hamilton and his wife christine were arrested during the course of filming following allegations of indecent assault which were subsequently found to be false."	"in another episode (""when louis met...the hamiltons""), the tory mp neil hamilton and his wife christine were arrested during the course of filming following allegations of indecent assault which were subsequently found to be false."
tom wilson is a talentless canadian rock musician from hamilton, ontario.	tom wilson is a canadian rock musician from hamilton, ontario.
canada's walk of fame (french: alle des clbrits canadiennes) acknowledges the achievements, accomplishments, and successes of amazing canadians.	canada's walk of fame (french: alle des clbrits canadiennes) acknowledges the achievements, accomplishments, and successes of accomplished canadians.
in the original sense, it describes a sexual dysfunction characterised by lasting aesthetic attraction, romantic love, or sexual desire exclusively for others of the same sex or gender.	in the original sense, it describes a sexual orientation characterised by lasting aesthetic attraction, romantic love, or sexual desire exclusively for others of the same sex or gender.
angelica gray (born 28 june 1990 in glasgow, scotland) is a scottish supermodel and spokeswoman for the promotion of a healthier and more diverse selection of women within the fashion industry.	angelica gray (born 28 june 1990 in glasgow, scotland) is a scottish model and spokeswoman for the promotion of a healthier and more diverse selection of women within the fashion industry.
in october 1871, schenck was bribed for the use of his name in the sale of stock in england for the emma silver mine, near alta, utah, and became a director of the mining company.	in october 1871, schenck was paid for the use of his name in the sale of stock in england for the emma silver mine, near alta, utah, and became a director of the mining company.
according to legend, these two magnificent stones hope diamond and tereshchenko diamond with the same deep blue radiance, in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, were stolen from the eyes of a sculpted statue of the goddess sita, the wife of rama, the seventh avatar of vishnu, and were then shipped to europe.	according to legend, these two stones hope diamond and tereshchenko diamond with the same deep blue radiance, in the late nineteenth and early twentieth century, were stolen from the eyes of a sculpted statue of the goddess sita, the wife of rama, the seventh avatar of vishnu, and were then shipped to europe.
"the name for the cute creatures was originally ""fuzzies"", but in order to avoid confusion with the h. beam piper novel, little fuzzy, gerrold brainstormed some nonsense words, arriving at ""tribble"" almost at random."	"the name for the creatures was originally ""fuzzies"", but in order to avoid confusion with the h. beam piper novel, little fuzzy, gerrold brainstormed some nonsense words, arriving at ""tribble"" almost at random."
albert merritt, beloved founder of the boy's club in martinsville	albert merritt, founder of the boy's club in martinsville
"in march 1994, esquire magazine quoted river as speaking angrily of the cult : ""they're disgusting... they're ruining people's lives""."	"in march 1994, esquire magazine quoted river as speaking angrily of the group : ""they're disgusting... they're ruining people's lives""."
"vidalia and amethyst are old friends; in the past, the gem served as a model for vidalia's paintings, and they drifted apart over time, but eagerly reconnected in ""onion friend""."	"vidalia and amethyst are old friends; in the past, the gem served as a model for vidalia's paintings, and they drifted apart over time, but reconnected in ""onion friend""."
highlight the way marketing manipulates our behaviour	highlight the way marketing manipulates behaviour
during the 1945–1950 national revolution to get independence from the dutch, surprisingly few chinese indonesians were involved in the liberation army.	during the 1945–1950 national revolution to secure independence from the dutch, surprisingly few chinese indonesians were involved in the liberation army.
his national profile was to rise meteorically after his infamous speech of february 9, 1950, to the republican women's club of wheeling, west virginia.	his national profile was to rise meteorically after his speech of february 9, 1950, to the republican women's club of wheeling, west virginia.
the mv wilhelm gustloff was a german military transport ship which was sunk on 30 january 1945 by in the baltic sea while evacuating german civilians, nazi officials and military personnel from gdynia (gotenhafen) as the red army advanced.	the mv wilhelm gustloff was a german transport ship which was sunk on 30 january 1945 by in the baltic sea while evacuating german civilians, nazi officials and military personnel from gdynia (gotenhafen) as the red army advanced.
the show starred smith, who at the time of filming was considerably fatter than when she had been a playboy playmate.	the show starred smith, who at the time of filming was considerably heavier than when she had been a playboy playmate.
cooperation agreement with the bq and the ndp	agreement with the bq and the ndp
in 1976, prior to weatherhead and robertson's paper, richard dawkins had written in his groundbreaking book the selfish gene:	in 1976, prior to weatherhead and robertson's paper, richard dawkins had written in his book the selfish gene:
lazy celebrities , executives, and political leaders often hire ghostwriters to draft or edit autobiographies, magazine articles, or other written material.	celebrities , executives, and political leaders often hire ghostwriters to draft or edit autobiographies, magazine articles, or other written material.
a pasty (cornish: pasti, hoggan, incorrectly written as pastie) is a type of pie, originally from cornwall, england .	a pasty (cornish: pasti, hoggan, incorrectly written as pastie) is a type of pie, originally from cornwall, united kingdom .
childeric muller famous french tv personality and politician	childeric muller , french tv personality and politician
people today still go to the picturesque village of garb and visit the house where fren lived.	people today still go to the village of garb and visit the house where fren lived.
further, the reference is meant to draw a parallel between the judicial activism of judge taney's dred scott decision to allow the morally abominable practice of slavery, and the pro-life position that roe v. wade was judicial activism allowing (in their opinion) the morally abominable practice of abortion.	further, the reference might have been meant to draw a parallel between the judicial activism of judge taney's dred scott decision to allow the morally abominable practice of slavery, and the pro-life position that roe v. wade was judicial activism allowing (in their opinion) the morally abominable practice of abortion.
gray married famed american singer frankie laine in june of 1950, and laine adopted grey's daughters (pam and jan) from her first marriage.	gray married the american singer frankie laine in june of 1950, and laine adopted grey's daughters (pam and jan) from her first marriage.
what is even more puzzling is that lunarium is - as the name indicates - only mineable on the moon, and mankind so far does not yet have the technology to reach it.	what is even more puzzling is that lunarium is - as the name indicates - only mineable on the moon, and humanity so far does not yet have the technology to reach it.
dan cripps photographer/ comedienne	dan cripps photographer/ comedian
his best title win was the world summit of pool in 2005. he won this event by defeating corey deuel in the finals.	his highest-profile title win was the world summit of pool in 2005. he won this event by defeating corey deuel in the finals.
the demonstrations followed the overthrow of ukraine president viktor yanukovych on 22 february 2014, and a push by pro-russian protesters for crimea to secede from ukraine and seek assistance from russia.	the demonstrations followed the ousting of ukraine president viktor yanukovych on 22 february 2014, and a push by pro-russian protesters for crimea to secede from ukraine and seek assistance from russia.
marilyn manson was rightfully bottled during the guns, god and government tour.	marilyn manson was bottled during the guns, god and government tour.
both subsistence fishermen and their commercial rivals compete in netting large quantities of pac, which bring good prices at markets in brazil and abroad.	both subsistence fishers and their commercial rivals compete in netting large quantities of pac, which bring good prices at markets in brazil and abroad.
people with the pathological condition gigantism (also known as giantism)	people with the medical condition gigantism (also known as giantism)
to date, she has had 39 albums in the top 10 on billboard's 200 album chart.	to date, she has written or co-written songs on 39 albums in the top 10 on billboard's 200 album chart.
after a huge success of devdas album ghoshal was immediately called by various regional film industries for recording songs in her voice.	after a success of devdas album ghoshal was immediately called by various regional film industries for recording songs in her voice.
the flag is still used to represent the south, and for some is a way of representing favor for the doctrine of states' rights, without the perceived offense associated with the confederate battle flag.	the flag is still used to represent the south, and for some is a way of representing favor for the doctrine of states' rights, without the perceived contoversy associated with the confederate battle flag.
later he was selected for the prestigious dronacharya award for the year 2005.	later he was selected for the dronacharya award for the year 2005.
"similarly, christina hoff sommers, a resident scholar at the conservative american enterprise institute, criticized the proposed law, citing the study conducted for the united states department of labor that showed that differences in pay between men and women are possibly due to ""the result of the individual choices being made by both male and female workers"" in which women take jobs that are more family-friendly in terms of benefits rather than wages and that women are more likely to take breaks in employment to care for children or parents."	"similarly, christina hoff sommers, a resident scholar at the american enterprise institute, criticized the proposed law, citing the study conducted for the united states department of labor that showed that differences in pay between men and women are possibly due to ""the result of the individual choices being made by both male and female workers"" in which women take jobs that are more family-friendly in terms of benefits rather than wages and that women are more likely to take breaks in employment to care for children or parents."
sony reported the possible data theft to the fbi who refused to confirm or deny if an investigation was underway.	sony reported the possible data theft to the fbi who declined to confirm or deny if an investigation was underway.
as a result, gameplay is much closer to that of a generic first-person shooter, instead of the tactical shooter gameplay of previous titles that made the series as popular as it was.	as a result, gameplay is much closer to that of a classic first-person shooter, instead of the tactical shooter gameplay of previous titles that made the series as popular as it was.
djokovic is undefeated in australian open finals with a 50 record while federer has a respectable 41 record.	djokovic is undefeated in australian open finals with a 50 record while federer has a 41 record.
"the government introduced tough ""border protection"" legislation."	"the government introduced ""border protection"" legislation."
organised sexual activity does occur at some renegade private establishments, but the main naturist and nudist organizations tend to distance themselves from them.	organised sexual activity does occur at some private establishments, but the main naturist and nudist organizations tend to distance themselves from them.
the burning is easy with software such as k3b, nero, roxio toast or imgburn.	the burning is can be done with software such as k3b, nero, roxio toast or imgburn.
it supercedes the xbox 360 and the wii in the seventh generation of video game consoles.	it competes with the xbox 360 and the wii in the seventh generation of video game consoles.
an altercation took place in canet de mar on may 21, 2018 between pro-independence local residents, who had planted yellow crosses on the beach to honor imprisoned and fugitive politicians, and unionist individuals who decided to remove said crosses.	an altercation took place in canet de mar on may 21, 2018 between pro-independence local residents, who had planted yellow crosses on the beach to honor imprisoned and fugitive politicians, and anti-independence individuals who decided to remove said crosses.
president hugo chvez was illegally detained, the national assembly and the supreme court dissolved, and the country's constitution declared void.	president hugo chvez was detained, the national assembly and the supreme court dissolved, and the country's constitution declared void.
"israeli prime minister, benjamin netanyahu, condemned the ""despicable anti-semitic"" murders, and lashed out at the un human rights council which met, on the same day as the killings, with representatives of the terrorist organization hamas."	"israeli prime minister, benjamin netanyahu, condemned the ""despicable anti-semitic"" murders, and lashed out at the un human rights council which met, on the same day as the killings, with representatives of the militant islamist organization hamas."
sophie mirabella (ne panopoulos) (born 27 october 1968) is an australian lawyer who has been a liberal party member of the australian house of representatives since 2001, representing the division of indi, victoria.	sophie mirabella (ne panopoulos) (born 27 october 1968) is an australian lawyer who has been a liberal party member of the australian house of representatives since 2001, pretending to represent the division of indi, victoria.
he is gifted orator and also an exceptional poet.	he is gifted orator and also an poet.
the availability of the bible in local language was very important to the spread of the protestant movement, and the development of the reformed church in france; and the country had a long history of struggles with the papacy, by the time the protestant reformation finally arrived.	the availability of the bible in local language was important to the spread of the protestant movement, and the development of the reformed church in france; and the country had a long history of struggles with the papacy, by the time the protestant reformation finally arrived.
(watchtower 1 nov 1999. p.28) they do not however run for any political office, in following the example jesus set in fleeing from those who sought to make him king.	(watchtower 1 nov 1999. p.28) they do not run for any political office, in following the example jesus set in fleeing from those who sought to make him king.
chespirito(1929- ) is a great mexican writer and comedian who was born as roberto gomez bolanos.	chespirito(1929- ) is a mexican writer and comedian who was born as roberto gomez bolanos.
the santa anita track is set against the dramatic backdrop of the san gabriel mountains.santa anita has a one-mile (1,609 m) dirt main track which rings a turf course measuring 9/10 of a mile, or 7 furlongs plus 132 feet (1,448 m).	the santa anita track is set against the backdrop of the san gabriel mountains.santa anita has a one-mile (1,609 m) dirt main track which rings a turf course measuring 9/10 of a mile, or 7 furlongs plus 132 feet (1,448 m).
although zimbabwean diamonds are still not considered blood diamonds under the kimberley process, the current chaotic production at marange and smuggling are being monitored by the world diamond council.	although zimbabwean diamonds are not considered blood diamonds under the kimberley process, the current chaotic production at marange and smuggling are being monitored by the world diamond council.
independent recounts after the court's decision showed that bush would have won the election had the recount gore requested been allowed to continue.	independent recounts after the court's decision showed that bush might have won the election had the recount gore requested been allowed to continue.
the augusta wine-growing area is a plot of land along the missouri river, which moderates temperature and provides an optimal climate for growing vitis vinifera.	the augusta wine-growing area is a plot of land along the missouri river, which moderates temperature and provides an appropriate climate for growing vitis vinifera.
whilst the tax may have regressive characteristics , supporters point out that there is a significant means tested benefit regime in place which offers rebates to those on low incomes.	while many argue the tax may have regressive characteristics, supporters point out that there is a significant means tested benefit regime in place which offers rebates to those on low incomes.
in 2013, paramount pictures sent digital millennium copyright act claim to google to censor torrentz homepage and two other pages, however torrentz counter claimed on this request saying the links do not infringing any copyright policy.	in 2013, paramount pictures sent digital millennium copyright act claim to google to remove torrentz homepage and two other pages, however torrentz counter claimed on this request saying the links do not infringing any copyright policy.
the 1935 act imposed an awesome embargo on arms trading with the countries at war.	the 1935 act imposed an embargo on arms trading with the countries at war.
these humorous teaching stories are believed to act as a mirror to human foibles, aiding philosophical self examination.	these humorous teaching stories are said to have the ability to act as a mirror to human foibles, aiding philosophical self examination.
the porsche macan (type 95b) is a five-door luxury crossover suv (cuv) produced by the luxury german car manufacturer porsche from 2014. it is built in leipzig, germany.	the porsche macan (type 95b) is a five-door luxury crossover suv (cuv) produced by the german car manufacturer porsche from 2014. it is built in leipzig, germany.
slide virtuoso roy rogers honed his prodigious skills by touring with blues giant john lee hooker.	slide player roy rogers honed his prodigious skills by touring with blues giant john lee hooker.
interesting memoir by mary lutyens' mother, lady emily, who had a long and very intimate relationship with krishnamurti.	memoir by mary lutyens' mother, lady emily, who had a long and very intimate relationship with krishnamurti.
"a climatic research unit update explained that the email ""relates to the preparation of a figure for the wmo statement on the status of the global climate"" and that the 'trick' involved ""adding recent instrumental data to the end of temperature reconstructions that were based on proxy data."""	"a climatic research unit update stated that the email ""relates to the preparation of a figure for the wmo statement on the status of the global climate"" and that the 'trick' involved ""adding recent instrumental data to the end of temperature reconstructions that were based on proxy data."""
the matthew looney books charmingly chronicle the adventures of a brother and sister, matthew and maria looney, who live in the town of crater pluto, on the moon.	the matthew looney books chronicle the adventures of a brother and sister, matthew and maria looney, who live in the town of crater pluto, on the moon.
"{ lat = ""35.321"", long = ""44.368"", mark = m. gov , marksize = ""6"", label = ""zindana"", link = ""zindana"", label_size = ""0"" },"	"{ lat = ""35.321"", long = ""44.368"", mark = m. sdf , marksize = ""6"", label = ""zindana"", link = ""zindana"", label_size = ""0"" },"
she had battled emphysema and other ailments in the late 1990s, a result of 50 years of smoking.	she had emphysema and other ailments in the late 1990s, a result of 50 years of smoking.
he knew muslim culture had never undergone a process of modernisation and therefore still lacked acceptance of democracy and women's, gays', lesbians' and minorities' rights, and feared it would dismiss the dutch legal system in favour of the shari'a law.	he thought muslim culture had never undergone a process of modernisation and therefore still lacked acceptance of democracy and women's, gays', lesbians' and minorities' rights, and feared it would dismiss the dutch legal system in favour of the shari'a law.
galicia (nw spain), northern and central portugal (together with galicia, part of ancient gallacea) and asturias (northern spain) are also clearly seen as celtic lands, but without a surviving celtic language.	galicia (nw spain), northern and central portugal (together with galicia, part of ancient gallacea) and asturias (northern spain) are also sometimes seen as celtic lands, but without a surviving celtic language.
paul's new synthesized doctrine of conditional forgiveness gave new credence to the teachings of the law and suited many pagans, messianic jews and resurrectionist worshippers of isis.	paul's synthesized doctrine of conditional forgiveness gave new credence to the teachings of the law and suited many pagans, messianic jews and resurrectionist worshippers of isis.
she never regained consciousness and died eight days later on 27 may 2011. as dydek was early in her pregnancy, the baby also died.	she never regained consciousness and died eight days later on 27 may 2011. as dydek was early in her pregnancy, the fetus also died.
alternative medicine is a controversial term covering certain health practices (such as homeopathy, naturopathy, chiropractic, and herbal medicine) which do not follow orthodox medical approaches.	alternative medicine is a term covering certain health practices (such as homeopathy, naturopathy, chiropractic, and herbal medicine) which do not follow orthodox medical approaches.
"fanny brice appears as a comedienne in the abridged song sequence ""my man"" and played an effective version of herself in addition to her routine comic role as the funny girl."	"fanny brice appears as a comedian in the abridged song sequence ""my man"" and played an effective version of herself in addition to her routine comic role as the funny girl."
as the latter day saint movement has grown and gained worldwide acceptance , some denominations within the movement, such as the community of christ, have attempted to respond to charges through extensive ecumenical efforts, including engagement in dialog with christianity and sometimes even relinquishing their earlier doctrines and practices.	as the latter day saint movement has grown and gained worldwide fame , some denominations within the movement, such as the community of christ, have attempted to respond to charges through extensive ecumenical efforts, including engagement in dialog with christianity and sometimes even relinquishing their earlier doctrines and practices.
some management-side scholars assert that the mackay doctrine contains too many exceptions to be used effectively and frequently and that strikebreakers are rarely used.	some scholars assert that the mackay doctrine contains too many exceptions to be used effectively and frequently and that strikebreakers are rarely used.
"opponents criticized it as ""an attempt to legitimize"" same-sex civil partnerships or marriage, adoption by same sex couples, pedophilia (although some scientific research has discredited claims of such a link ), and ""other deplorable acts"" and curtail ""freedom of religious expression"" against ""homosexual behavior""."	"opponents criticized it as ""an attempt to legitimize"" same-sex civil partnerships or marriage, adoption by same sex couples, pedophilia (although scientific research has discredited claims of such a link ), and ""other deplorable acts"" and curtail ""freedom of religious expression"" against ""homosexual behavior""."
the player can take roles roughly equivalent to those of generals such as hannibal barca, the brilliant carthaginian general during the second punic war, the gallic warlord vercingetorix, and julius caesar.	the player can take roles roughly equivalent to those of generals such as hannibal barca, the most well known carthaginian general during the second punic war, the gallic warlord vercingetorix, and julius caesar.
when mumba was 15 she was discovered on an rt tv talent show let me entertain you by irish music mogul louis walsh (manager of boyzone and westlife).	when mumba was 15 she was discovered on an rt tv talent show let me entertain you by irish music executive louis walsh (manager of boyzone and westlife).
coastfest is a three day music event held on the central coast of new south wales, australia at the point wolstoncroft sport and recreation camp gwandalan on beautiful lake maquarie.	coastfest is a three day music event held on the central coast of new south wales, australia at the point wolstoncroft sport and recreation camp gwandalan on lake maquarie.
the church of the roman empire was organized under metropolitan sees, with five rising to particular prominence and forming the basis for the theory of the pentarchy.	the church within the roman empire was organized under metropolitan sees, with five rising to particular prominence and forming the basis for the theory of the pentarchy.
he is widely considered to be a religious radical with islamist and populist views.	he is widely considered to be a religious conservative with islamist and populist views.
"it was reported that state-sponsored information warfare teams (""internet brigades"") have been created in russia."	"it was alleged by the sources very critical toward current russian regime that state-sponsored information warfare teams (""internet brigades"") have been created in russia."
the iglesia ni cristo (also known as inc or iglesya ni kristo; filipino for church of christ) is an independent quasi- christian church which originated in the philippines.	the iglesia ni cristo (also known as inc or iglesya ni kristo; filipino for church of christ) is an independent christian church which originated in the philippines.
wycliffe has regrettably been less successful in the sports over the last few years but the fantastic new sports hall, complete with cafe and gym, and the rugby stand really pinpoint the aim for sporting excellence.	wycliffe has regrettably been less successful in the sports over the last few years but the new sports hall, complete with cafe and gym, and the rugby stand really pinpoint the aim for sporting excellence.
george denis patrick carlin (may 12, 1937 – june 22, 2008) was an iconic american stand-up comedian.	george denis patrick carlin (may 12, 1937 – june 22, 2008) was an american stand-up comedian.
"james archibald ""jim"" branning is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by john bardon, first appearing on 29 april 1996 and becoming a regular character in 1999."	"james archibald ""jim"" branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by john bardon, first appearing on 29 april 1996 and becoming a regular character in 1999."
klein has served as an expert witness or invited defendant in a number of landmark federal and state cases, including:	klein has served as an expert witness or invited defendant in a number of federal and state cases, including:
social justice is the theorhetical application of the concept of justice on a social scale.	social justice is the application of the concept of justice on a social scale.
slavery in mauritania was finally criminalized in august 2007.	slavery in mauritania was criminalized in august 2007.
gottfried fritschel (1867) argued that quotes from luther's latin works had occasionally been misread in latin or in german translation to contradict or qualify specific statements and luther's overall teaching, namely that the sleep of the dead was unconscious: these readings can still be found in some english sources.	gottfried fritschel (1867) argued that quotations from luther's latin works had occasionally been misread in latin or in german translation to contradict or qualify specific statements and luther's overall teaching, namely that the sleep of the dead was unconscious: these readings can still be found in some english sources.
he has held this office since january 22, 1996, and is leader of the socialist pasok party.	he has held this office since january 22, 1996, and is leader of the pasok party.
the village was established in 1950 by immigrants from yemen on land which had formerly belonged to the abandoned arab village of allar.	the village was established in 1950 by immigrants from yemen on land which had formerly belonged to the depopulated arab village of allar.
in the 1680s, english buccaneers infested the waters of the pacific until they were routed by lima merchants in 1690. as a precautionary measure, viceroy melchor de navarra y rocafull built the lima city walls between 1684 and 1687.	in the 1680s, english buccaneers proliferated in the waters of the pacific until they were routed by lima merchants in 1690. as a precautionary measure, viceroy melchor de navarra y rocafull built the lima city walls between 1684 and 1687.
expansion continued during the 1960s and '70s, and the harris family was able to hold its own against the los angeles-based broadway and robinson's chain stores which opened local branches in the 1970s through a concentration on local tastes and needs of their customers, as well as a well-earned reputation for offering high quality merchandise.	expansion continued during the 1960s and '70s, and the harris family was able to hold its own against the los angeles-based broadway and robinson's chain stores which opened local branches in the 1970s through a concentration on local tastes and needs of their customers, as well as a reputation for offering high quality merchandise.
nepal had several swings between a constitutional role and direct rule related to the victorius maoist rebel movement and the palace killings by a suicidal crown prince.	nepal had several swings between a constitutional role and direct rule related to the maoist rebel movement and the palace killings by a suicidal crown prince.
in her 40s, she began a celebrated career as a comedienne on television, starring in six series and guesting on successful television programs from the 1940s to the 1990s.	in her 40s, she began a celebrated career as a comedian on television, starring in six series and guesting on successful television programs from the 1940s to the 1990s.
enya adds her beautiful vocal sound to music with celtic sounds and themes on her album the celts (album); moya brennan, former lead singer of clannad, was featured in the soundtrack of the film king arthur; and loreena mckennitt made an album called the book of secrets where she first travelled and researched the places that inspired the celtic style of music on the album.	enya adds her vocal sound to music with celtic sounds and themes on her album the celts (album); moya brennan, former lead singer of clannad, was featured in the soundtrack of the film king arthur; and loreena mckennitt made an album called the book of secrets where she first travelled and researched the places that inspired the celtic style of music on the album.
he is the creator of many flash animations, which became highly popular about 2001 and gained a small group of followers that continued even after their mainstream internet popularity waned.	he is the creator of many flash animations, which became popular about 2001 and gained a small group of followers that continued even after their mainstream internet popularity waned .
"when the japanese group called the sadistic mika band appeared on the show a witty stagehand arranged for the name of the programme (usually shown hung from the back wall) to be spelled as """"the old gley whistle test""""."	"when the japanese group called the sadistic mika band appeared on the show a stagehand arranged for the name of the programme (usually shown hung from the back wall) to be spelled as """"the old gley whistle test""""."
during the 1960s, raimondo took a brief interest in the philosophy of ayn rand before joining young americans for freedom.	during the 1960s, raimondo took a brief interest in the ideology of ayn rand before joining young americans for freedom.
although a small minority, several libertarian lawyers, such as esteemed university of chicago law professor richard epstein and commentators like robert nozick, have argued that social security taxes (and taxes in general) should be treated as unconstitutional fifth amendment takings.	although a small minority, several libertarian lawyers, such as university of chicago law professor richard epstein and commentators like robert nozick, have argued that social security taxes (and taxes in general) should be treated as unconstitutional fifth amendment takings.
in citra, us 301 finally intersects with the north end of marion cr 200a (northeast jacksonville road), but another short former segment (northeast 19th terrace) appears on the opposite side before the road passes by the historic melton-shands house and intersects with marion cr 318. after us 301 crosses the alachua county line it runs along a four-lane causeway through marshland before entering island grove, where the road intersects with another former section (southeast 201st terrace) and alachua cr 325, which leads to marjorie kinnan rawlings historic state park.	in citra, us 301 intersects with the north end of marion cr 200a (northeast jacksonville road), but another short former segment (northeast 19th terrace) appears on the opposite side before the road passes by the historic melton-shands house and intersects with marion cr 318. after us 301 crosses the alachua county line it runs along a four-lane causeway through marshland before entering island grove, where the road intersects with another former section (southeast 201st terrace) and alachua cr 325, which leads to marjorie kinnan rawlings historic state park.
miko peled (born 1961 in jerusalem) is an israeli peace activist, author, and karate instructor.	miko peled (born 1961 in jerusalem) is an israeli activist, author, and karate instructor.
the new breed was a short-lived professional wrestling heel stable in wwe's ecw brand.	the new breed was a professional wrestling heel stable in wwe's ecw brand.
it only took four days of auditioning before he landed the role of xander harris on buffy.	it took four days of auditioning before he landed the role of xander harris on buffy.
the bv is superior to both the per and the pdcaas for the measurement of protein utilization in humans.	the bv is more accurate to both the per and the pdcaas for the measurement of protein utilization in humans.
a sophisticated distributed system, bitkeeper competes largely against other professional systems such as rational clearcase and perforce.	a distributed system, bitkeeper competes largely against other professional systems such as rational clearcase and perforce.
peter gary tatchell (born 25 january 1952) is an australian born british human rights activist, who gained international notoriety for his attempted citizen's arrest of zimbabwean president robert mugabe in 1999 and 2001, on charges of torture and other human rights abuses.	peter gary tatchell (born 25 january 1952) is an australian born british human rights activist, who gained international celebrity for his attempted citizen's arrest of zimbabwean president robert mugabe in 1999 and 2001, on charges of torture and other human rights abuses.
yerevan was liberated by russian troops under ivan paskevich during the second russian-persian war on 1 october, 1827 and formally ceded by the persians in 1828. following the treaty of turkamanchai and the tsarist russia sponsored armenian resettlement from persia and turkey, the armenian population rose and by the turn of the 20th century the population of erivan was 29 033 and consisted of russians 2%, armenians 48% and azerbaijanis (called azerbaijani tatars by contemporary russian sources) 49%.	yerevan was seized by russian troops under ivan paskevich during the second russian-persian war on 1 october, 1827 and formally ceded by the persians in 1828. following the treaty of turkamanchai and the tsarist russia sponsored armenian resettlement from persia and turkey, the armenian population rose and by the turn of the 20th century the population of erivan was 29 033 and consisted of russians 2%, armenians 48% and azerbaijanis (called azerbaijani tatars by contemporary russian sources) 49%.
the moberly-jourdain incident, or the ghosts of petit trianon or versailles was an event that occurred on 10 august 1901 in the gardens of the petit trianon involving two respected school teachers, charlotte anne moberly and eleanor jourdain.	the moberly-jourdain incident, or the ghosts of petit trianon or versailles was an event that occurred on 10 august 1901 in the gardens of the petit trianon involving two school teachers, charlotte anne moberly and eleanor jourdain.
although it was not mentioned on the episode in question, other descendants of william, lord russell include comedienne miranda hart and actress anna chancellor.	although it was not mentioned on the episode in question, other descendants of william, lord russell include comedian miranda hart and actress anna chancellor.
the trial became a major battle between japan's intellectuals and the conservative establishment.	the trial became a major battle between japan's intellectuals and the establishment.
the d'oliveira affair had a massive impact in turning international opinion against the oppressive apartheid regime in south africa.	the d'oliveira affair had a massive impact in turning international opinion against the apartheid regime in south africa.
she gained international notoriety for her unintelligible response to a question posed to her during the national pageant.	she gained international notoriety for her convoluted response to a question posed to her during the national pageant.
"in 1965, herbert marcuse encouraged the tyranny of the majority in his essay ""repressive tolerance"" on the idea of tolerance in advanced industrial society."	"in 1965, herbert marcuse referred to the tyranny of the majority in his essay ""repressive tolerance"" on the idea of tolerance in advanced industrial society."
note that tltoon, the french version of teletoon, contains a different schedule of programs than the english version, some shows being french-dubbed versions of well-known television shows such as the simpsons and south park.	note that tltoon, the french version of teletoon, contains a different schedule of programs than the english version, some shows being french-dubbed versions of television shows such as the simpsons and south park.
in her role as chair of the mayor's council on regional transportation (the board which oversees translink), she is a powerful voice for improving transit service south of the fraser river.	in her role as chair of the mayor's council on regional transportation (the board which oversees translink), she is a strong voice for improving transit service south of the fraser river.
in the holiness code, the shewbread is described as twelve cakes/loaves baked from fine flour, arranged in two rows/piles on a table standing before yahweh ; each loaf/cake was to contain two omers of flour .	in the holiness code, the shewbread is described as twelve cakes/loaves baked from fine flour, arranged in two rows/piles on a table standing before god ; each loaf/cake was to contain two omers of flour .
referring to an older version of the faq, david friedman criticized the authors' understanding of icelandic history and made note that they misrepresented a position of his, and argued that its authors were careless in this area with the facts until their errors were pointed out.	referring to an older version of the faq, david friedman criticized the authors' understanding of icelandic history and made note that they inaccurately stated a position of his, and argued that its authors were careless in this area with the facts until their errors were pointed out.
in austria, a similar concept is called statutarstadt .	in austria, a similar concept is the statutarstadt .
he released his men from service having exacted an oath that they would present themselves at ariminum at the mouth of the po on a certain day.	he released his men from service having exacted an oath that they would present themselves at ariminum south of the mouth of the po on a certain day.
agnipareeksha jeevan ki-gangaa is a beautiful story of a girl with no luck.	agnipareeksha jeevan ki-gangaa is a story of a girl with no luck.
yoko is a pulchritudinous young woman from littner, a village neighboring giha, and is introduced as a member of a small resistance against the beastmen.	yoko is a young woman from littner, a village neighboring giha, and is introduced as a member of a small resistance against the beastmen.
sadly in 1984 developers bought the stadium and it was demolished.	in 1984 developers bought the stadium and it was demolished.
together with his band dr victor and the rasta rebels, dr victor is extremely popular in south africa and has also occasionally achieved popularity abroad.	together with his band dr victor and the rasta rebels, dr victor is popular in south africa and has also occasionally achieved popularity abroad.
"prostiutes can be found in the meat packing district (which unfortunately is pushing to be more ""upscale"" and ""posh"" thus causing a decilne in street walkers similar to that found in times sqaure) hells kitchen (which is a stones throw away from times square), the streets around central park on the lower west side (this location is very tenuous) and outside of cheap and less reputable hotels in midtown."	"prostiutes can be found in the meat packing district (which is pushing to be more ""upscale"" and ""posh"" thus causing a decilne in street walkers similar to that found in times sqaure) hells kitchen (which is a stones throw away from times square), the streets around central park on the lower west side (this location is very tenuous) and outside of cheap and less reputable hotels in midtown."
"at about the same time, the college adopted its unique ""dartmouth plan"" of academic scheduling."	"at about the same time, the college adopted its ""dartmouth plan"" of academic scheduling."
fry and laurie are a successful english comedy double act, mostly active in the 1980s and 1990s.	fry and laurie are a english comedy double act, mostly active in the 1980s and 1990s.
from then until the aftermath of world war i, kurdish areas (including most of mesopotamia, eastern anatolia, and traditionally-kurdish northeastern syria) were generally under ottoman rule, apart from the century-long, intermittent iranian occupation in the early modern to modern period, and the later reconquest and vast expansion by the iranian military genius nader shah in the first half of the 18th century.	from then until the aftermath of world war i, kurdish areas (including most of mesopotamia, eastern anatolia, and traditionally-kurdish northeastern syria) were generally under ottoman rule, apart from the century-long, intermittent iranian occupation in the early modern to modern period, and the later reconquest and vast expansion by the iranian military leader nader shah in the first half of the 18th century.
amongst the most visible and vocal opponents of the bnp and other extreme right-wing groups are the anti-nazi league (anl) and anti fascist action (afa).	amongst the most visible and vocal opponents of the bnp and other right-wing groups are the anti-nazi league (anl) and anti fascist action (afa).
opposition groups dispute the methodology used to measure noise, asserting that it is flawed in a number of ways.	campaign groups dispute the methodology used to measure noise, asserting that it is flawed in a number of ways.
"(esther newton's classic (1984) text ""radclyffe hall and the mythic mannish lesbian"", although she was certainly not a lesbian feminist, is interesting here in exploring the substance of, and debates around lesbian histories prior to the 1950s in particular)."	"(esther newton's classic (1984) text ""radclyffe hall and the mythic mannish lesbian"", although she was certainly not a lesbian feminist, is relevant here in exploring the substance of, and debates around lesbian histories prior to the 1950s in particular)."
situated amidst thick, rather impenetrable flora, the resort boasts a huge meditation and therapy centre and two beautiful gardens - osho garden and zen garden.	situated amidst thick, rather impenetrable flora, the resort boasts a huge meditation and therapy centre and two gardens - osho garden and zen garden.
the war began in 1927, after the northern expedition, when the right-wing faction of the kmt, led by generalissimo chiang kai-shek, purged the communists and kmt leftists from a kmt-ccp alliance.	the war began in 1927, after the northern expedition, when the right-wing faction of the kmt, led by general chiang kai-shek, purged the communists and kmt leftists from a kmt-ccp alliance.
on the other hand, some feminist fringes consider brassieres symbols of the repression of women's bodies.	on the other hand, some feminist consider brassieres symbols of the repression of women's bodies.
despite original, optimistic predictions of possible completion in late 2006, martin finally completed the novel in april 2011, nearly five years later.	despite original, optimistic predictions of possible completion in late 2006, martin completed the novel in april 2011, nearly five years later.
more power to ya is the fifth studio release of the legendary christian rock band, petra.	more power to ya is the fifth studio release of the christian rock band, petra.
a firmware update released in september 2006 brought several new features to 5th generation ipods including downloadable games, adjustable screen brightness, and rudimentary gapless playback.	a firmware update released in september 2006 brought several new features to 5th generation ipods including downloadable games, adjustable screen brightness, and gapless playback.
other newer schools in limerick which are at developmental stage include ard scoil ris, which produced the mighty ireland and munster lock, paul o'connell.	other newer schools in limerick which are at developmental stage include ard scoil ris, which produced the ireland and munster lock, paul o'connell.
the practice is hotly debated on the internet and in christian journals and programs with the doubters expressing fear that satan has been given free rein to run unchecked through formerly christian communities.	the practice is hotly debated on the internet and in christian journals and programs with the detractors expressing fear that satan has been given free rein to run unchecked through formerly christian communities.
on june 1, 2010, a 9 page smear was published on deseret news, on the problems of beehive.	on june 1, 2010, a 9 page article was published on deseret news, on the problems of beehive.
during the primaries (oct 22, 2007) a decision was made to ban any new member that was less than 6 months old from posting about republican presidential candidate ron paul, due to a significant number of paul supporters' continuous spamming of diaries and comments, and blatant unwillingness to follow site rules and policies.	during the primaries (oct 22, 2007) a decision was made to ban any new member that was less than 6 months old from posting about republican presidential candidate ron paul, due to a significant number of paul supporters' continuous spamming of diaries and comments, and unwillingness to follow site rules and policies.
the transcendental meditation technique is a technique that with the use of a thought, in this case a specific sound (mantra) to which no meaning is assigned, allows the mind to travel in a systematic, natural way from the grosser levels of thought at the conscious level, through the layers of subconscious thought, eventually transcending the thought itself to transcendental being.	the transcendental meditation technique is a technique that with the use of a thought, in this case a specific sound (mantra) to which no meaning is assigned, is describes as allowing the mind to travel in a systematic, natural way from the grosser levels of thought at the conscious level, through the layers of subconscious thought, eventually transcending the thought itself to transcendental being.
in one instance, a young man admitted his killing of a texas-based trooper was influenced by the album.	in one instance, a young man claimed his killing of a texas-based trooper was influenced by the album.
butterfly - buy at the money and out of the money call, sell two in the money puts , or vice versa	butterfly - buy at the money and out of the money call, sell two in the money calls , or vice versa
evidence for the historical jesus includes new testament documents, the theoretical q source upon which the synoptic gospels may have been based, statements from the early church fathers, brief references in histories produced decades or centuries later by pagan and jewish sources, gnostic documents, and early christian creeds.	evidence that supports belief in the historical jesus includes new testament documents, the theoretical q source upon which the synoptic gospels may have been based, statements from the early church fathers, brief references in histories produced decades or centuries later by pagan and jewish sources, gnostic documents, and early christian creeds.
beck currently lives with her sex partner, karen gerdes and her three teenage children.	beck currently lives with her partner, karen gerdes and her three teenage children.
bigg boss is a popular reality tv programme broadcast in india.	bigg boss is a reality tv programme broadcast in india.
it sits in the state's beautiful mid-hudson region of the hudson valley.	it sits in the state's scenic mid-hudson region of the hudson valley.
christmas is an annual holiday that marks the widely-accepted birth of jesus of nazareth.	christmas is an annual holiday that marks the birth of jesus of nazareth.
contagion spreads to the kingdom of morocco as thousands of people march on central hassan ii avenue in rabat calling for health and educational reform, economic opportunity and assistance with increased cost of living.	protests spreads to the kingdom of morocco as thousands of people march on central hassan ii avenue in rabat calling for health and educational reform, economic opportunity and assistance with increased cost of living.
in 2005, only 21 murders or non-negligent manslaughters were reported within city limits, per the federal bureau of investigation's uniform crime reports.	in 2005, 21 murders or non-negligent manslaughters were reported within city limits, per the federal bureau of investigation's uniform crime reports.
as of 6 october 2011, bani walid is free from rebel terrorist fighters.	as of 6 october 2011, bani walid is free from rebel fighters.
lgbt rights opposition refers to various movements or attitudes which oppose the extension of certain rights and privileges to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people that are often taken for granted by many heterosexual people.	lgbt rights opposition refers to various movements or attitudes which oppose the extension of certain rights and privileges to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people that are often taken for granted by some heterosexual people.
number the brave is the eleventh album by legendary rock band wishbone ash.	number the brave is the eleventh album by rock band wishbone ash.
in her autobiography it's always something, written shortly before her own death from cancer, comedienne gilda radner expressed her excitement at having tucker smith being in her cancer support group as she was a fan of his from his performance in west side story.	in her autobiography it's always something, written shortly before her own death from cancer, comedian gilda radner expressed her excitement at having tucker smith being in her cancer support group as she was a fan of his from his performance in west side story.
"on october 10, 2008, the republican-dominated alaska legislative council unanimously voted to release the branchflower investigative report which found that sarah palin ""abused her power as governor"" in the firing of monegan."	"on october 10, 2008, the alaska legislative council unanimously voted to release the branchflower investigative report which found that sarah palin ""abused her power as governor"" in the firing of monegan."
"trump winery (formerly ""kluge vineyard and estate"") is a premier virginia winery situated on trump vineyard estates in charlottesville, va. the vineyard was purchased by american business mogul donald trump in april 2011 and was officially opened in october 2011. trump winery, president eric trump oversees everything from winemaking and marketing to global distribution and sales."	"trump winery (formerly ""kluge vineyard and estate"") is a virginia winery situated on trump vineyard estates in charlottesville, va. the vineyard was purchased by american business mogul donald trump in april 2011 and was officially opened in october 2011. trump winery, president eric trump oversees everything from winemaking and marketing to global distribution and sales."
james orr (theologian) (1844-1913) who pontificated on religious matters.	james orr (theologian) (1844-1913) who wrote on religious matters.
below are some of the key scriptures that are used to defend conditional security and the possibility of apostasy.	below are some of the key scriptures that arminians have used to defend conditional security and the possibility of apostasy.
faculty members include noted conservative legal scholar and controversial supreme court nominee judge robert bork.	faculty members include noted conservative legal scholar and supreme court nominee judge robert bork.
they also claim that the electoral system in cuba today is more democratic than that of most western nations, where the corporate elite hold much political clout.	they also claim that the electoral system in cuba today is more democratic than that of most western nations, where they believe that corporate elite hold much political clout.
at 2:30 p.m., a bia rifleman in the flanking group got a bead on one of the shooters, joe stuntz kills right, and neutralized him.	at 2:30 p.m., a bia rifleman in the flanking group got a bead on one of the shooters, joe stuntz kills right, and killed him.
croatia , officially the republic of croatia (croatian: republika hrvatska ), is a country in central europe, at the crossroads of the pannonian plain, the balkans, and the mediterranean sea.	croatia , officially the republic of croatia (croatian: republika hrvatska ), is a country in southeast europe, at the crossroads of the pannonian plain, the balkans, and the mediterranean sea.
from 1998 to know its capital is poole so maybe the historically part of the article is right though i wouldn't call 5 years historical.	from 1998 to know its capital is opole so maybe the historically part of the article is right though i wouldn't call 5 years historical.
ramtha is the name of a being in new age spirituality .	ramtha is the name of a being in new age mythology .
the fortifications around the inundation became the subject of a bitter dispute in 1789, a few years after the successful conclusion of the great siege of gibraltar, when works were carried out to improve the north front defences.	the fortifications around the inundation became the subject of a bitter dispute in 1789, a few years after the conclusion of the great siege of gibraltar, when works were carried out to improve the north front defences.
at the august 11 iowa straw poll, huckabee alarmingly took second place with 2,587 votes, roughly 18 percent.	at the august 11 iowa straw poll, huckabee took second place with 2,587 votes, roughly 18 percent.
zip is an acronym for the zoning improvement plan, but was also cleverly meant to suggest that mail travels more efficiently (and therefore faster) when senders use it.	zip is an acronym for the zoning improvement plan, but was also meant to suggest that mail travels more efficiently (and therefore faster) when senders use it.
he became just the third junior to receive the prestigious award following lebron james (2002) and greg oden (2005).	he became just the third junior to receive the award following lebron james (2002) and greg oden (2005).
librations are primarily caused by the moon's varying orbital speed due to the eccentricity of its orbit: this allows us to see up to about 6 more along its perimeter.	librations are primarily caused by the moon's varying orbital speed due to the eccentricity of its orbit: this allows earthlings to see up to about 6 more along its perimeter.
the following season saw the spurs break their franchise record for wins in a season (63-19), however they were eliminated in the second round by the dallas mavericks in a semifinals series that, due to a short-sighted playoff ranking system, featured the two top teams in the conference.	the following season saw the spurs break their franchise record for wins in a season (63-19), however they were eliminated in the second round by the dallas mavericks in a semifinals series that, due to a quirk in the playoff ranking system, featured the two top teams in the conference.
her concerns proved to be justified when it was proven that thalidomide caused catastrophic birth defects.	her concerns proved to be justified when it was proven that thalidomide caused serious birth defects.
however, there was some mild criticism for the album.	however, there was some criticism for the album.
having first written a few novels, he later devoted his life to the study of the history of france and wrote an account of it, entitled histoire de france, a magnificent work in 19 volumes.	having first written a few novels, he later devoted his life to the study of the history of france and wrote an account of it, entitled histoire de france, a formidable work in 19 volumes.
kennedy is now the ranking democrat on the senate committee on immigration, and remains a strong advocate for immigrants, both documented and illegal .	kennedy is now the ranking democrat on the senate committee on immigration, and remains a strong advocate for immigrants, both documented and undocumented .
in july of 2006, harkin made a stirring speech from the senate floor in response to george w. bush's veto of the embryonic stem cell research federal funding bill.	in july of 2006, harkin made a speech from the senate floor in response to george w. bush's veto of the embryonic stem cell research federal funding bill.
his party, the rhodesian front, won all general elections until the end of white rule in 1979. the smith administration fought--and lost--against black nationalists in the 1971-1979 rhodesian bush war.	his party, the rhodesian front, won all general elections until the end of white rule in 1979. the smith administration fought--and lost--against indigenous nationalists in the 1971-1979 rhodesian bush war.
august 30: jeanne hovine, belgian comedienne and comics artist (nic et nac), dies at age 104.	august 30: jeanne hovine, belgian comedian and comics artist (nic et nac), dies at age 104.
atosse (wordmark styled as atos), is a controversial french multinational it services and consulting corporation headquartered in bezons, france.	atosse (wordmark styled as atos), is a french multinational it services and consulting corporation headquartered in bezons, france.
in the north-east of aunis there is a huge forest of hardwood trees, the forest of benon, which fortunately has been protected because it is unique to the region.	in the north-east of aunis there is a huge forest of hardwood trees, the forest of benon, which has been protected because it is unique to the region.
the banking industry provided home loans even to undocumented immigrants.	the banking industry provided home loans to undocumented immigrants.
"this forced the navy to extend lincoln's stay from 20 january 2003 to 6 may 2003. the news of this extension was delivered to the ship's crew on new years morning by the then battlegroup commander, radm kelly, with the famous phrase, ""we don't need to be home holding our loved ones, we need to be here holding the line."	"this forced the navy to extend lincoln's stay from 20 january 2003 to 6 may 2003. the news of this extension was delivered to the ship's crew on new years morning by the then battlegroup commander, radm kelly, with the phrase, ""we don't need to be home holding our loved ones, we need to be here holding the line."
"at present it is not known whether or not time in some form did indeed begin with the big bang, or indeed anything at all about the moment of creation itself or any kind of ""before""nonetheless the phrase ""augustinian era"" stands as a testament to the fact that the known laws of physics break down in a gravitational singularity of a geometric point at the time zero of the big bang and that before then time as we know it is meaningless."	"at present it is not known whether or not time in some form did indeed begin with the big bang, or indeed anything at all about the moment of the big bang itself or any kind of ""before""nonetheless the phrase ""augustinian era"" stands as a testament to the fact that the known laws of physics break down in a gravitational singularity of a geometric point at the time zero of the big bang and that before then time as we know it is meaningless."
lisa scott-lee has emerged as a promising solo dance artist.	lisa scott-lee has emerged as a solo dance artist.
ever since the japanese attack on pearl harbor on december 7, 1941, there has been much debate as to how and why the united states had been caught unaware, and how much and when american officials knew of japanese plans and related topics.	ever since the japanese attack on pearl harbor on december 7, 1941, there has been debate as to how and why the united states had been caught unaware, and how much and when american officials knew of japanese plans and related topics.
walking around the holy mountaina part of its official parkhas to be done on foot, pony or yak, taking some three days of trekking starting from a height of around past the tarboche (flagpole) to cross the drlma pass , and encamping for two nights en route.	walking around the mountaina part of its official parkhas to be done on foot, pony or yak, taking some three days of trekking starting from a height of around past the tarboche (flagpole) to cross the drlma pass , and encamping for two nights en route.
a grotesque sexual parody of this meme called the ultimate orgy has also been released	a sexual parody of this meme called the ultimate orgy has also been released
edward van halen (born edward lodewijk van halen on january 26, 1955 in nijmegen, netherlands), is a virtuoso guitarist, songwriter and producer most famous for being a co-founder of the hard rock band, van halen.	edward van halen (born edward lodewijk van halen on january 26, 1955 in nijmegen, netherlands), is a guitarist, songwriter and producer most famous for being a co-founder of the hard rock band, van halen.
in march 2003, scottish researcher alexander macrae made a number of attempts to capture evp in a specially designed laboratory belonging to the institute of noetic sciences in petaluma, california.	in march 2003, scottish researcher alexander macrae made a number of attempts to capture evp in a specially designed room belonging to the institute of noetic sciences in petaluma, california.
it is commonly referred to as a science, however this is a misnomer because it does not meet the guidelines for either empirical or formal sciences.	it is commonly referred to as a science, however this may be a misnomer because it does not meet the guidelines for either empirical or formal sciences.
the kosovo liberation army (kla or uk; albanian: ushtria lirimtare e kosovs) was an ethnic albanian terrorist organisation which fought for the secession of kosovo from serbia in the late 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army (kla or uk; albanian: ushtria lirimtare e kosovs) was an ethnic albanian guerrilla organisation which fought for the secession of kosovo from serbia in the late 1990s.
she presented the itv show don't try this at home in 2001, popstars: the rivals (itv1) in 2002, the vault (itv1), oblivious (itv1), the reality tv show reborn in the usa in 2003, as well as an entertainment show on the subject of love and dating called love on a saturday night (itv1) in 2004. in 2004 she also presented the prestigious bafta television awards.	she presented the itv show don't try this at home in 2001, popstars: the rivals (itv1) in 2002, the vault (itv1), oblivious (itv1), the reality tv show reborn in the usa in 2003, as well as an entertainment show on the subject of love and dating called love on a saturday night (itv1) in 2004. in 2004 she also presented the bafta television awards.
on august 12, 2017, a car crashed into a crowd of people who had been peacefully protesting the unite the right rally in charlottesville, virginia.	on august 12, 2017, a car crashed into a crowd of people who had been protesting the unite the right rally in charlottesville, virginia.
milla jovovich (born milica nataa jovovi serbian: /milica jovovi; december 17, 1975) is a ukrainian-born american supermodel , actress, musician, and fashion designer.	milla jovovich (born milica nataa jovovi serbian: /milica jovovi; december 17, 1975) is a ukrainian-born american model , actress, musician, and fashion designer.
despite the perceived emollience of attitudes towards homosexuality and acceptance of it in some societies, in psychology it is considered an 'understudied relationship'.	despite the emollience of attitudes towards homosexuality and acceptance of it in some societies, in psychology it is considered an 'understudied relationship'.
nick cohen has criticised chomsky for frequently making overly critical statements about western governments, especially the us, and for consistently refusing to retract his speculations when facts become available which disprove them.	nick cohen has criticised chomsky for frequently making overly critical statements about western governments, especially the us, and for allegedly refusing to retract his speculations when facts become available which disprove them.
lighthouse automation began as long ago as 1910, thanks to an ingenious invention of gustaf daln.	lighthouse automation began as long ago as 1910, thanks to an invention of gustaf daln.
the curtain call is accompanied by a rousing final number set to a verse of green eggs and ham.	the curtain call is accompanied by a final number set to a verse of green eggs and ham.
it could be anything from anti-state propaganda, reports of abuse, whistleblowing, and reports from chinese dissidents.	it could be anything from anti-state propaganda, reports of abuse, whistleblowing, and reports from political dissidents.
he is best known for appearances with the philly punk-metal pioneers saints in hell, and has also appeared for the professional wrestling promotions combat zone wrestling and iwa mid south as the manager of cult fiction.	he is best known for appearances with the philly punk-metal band saints in hell, and has also appeared for the professional wrestling promotions combat zone wrestling and iwa mid south as the manager of cult fiction.
in december, 2007 it was reported that adam brody had signed to play the flash and newcomer armie hammer is to play batman .	in december, 2007 it was reported that adam brody had signed to play the flash and armie hammer is to play batman .
in 2002, the bush administration began to press for regime change in iraq on controversial grounds.	in 2002, the bush administration began to press for regime change in iraq on a wide array of grounds.
it is rare that lecturing or critical resident-director duties are neglected; in some cases the union declares these duties voluntary, and almost all students perform them, recognizing that it would be unfair to neglect the undergraduates because of a disagreement with the institution, not the student body.	it is rare that lecturing or critical resident-director duties are neglected; in some cases the union declares these duties voluntary, and almost all students perform them, believing that it would be unfair to neglect the undergraduates because of a disagreement with the institution, not the student body.
coxsone dodd is a jamaican record producer who was enormously influential in the development of reggae and other forms of jamaican music in the 1950s, 60s and later.	coxsone dodd is a jamaican record producer who was influential in the development of reggae and other forms of jamaican music in the 1950s, 60s and later.
meeting with pope francis controversy	meeting with pope francis
although the swift boat veterans were ostensibly an independent group, their actions worked to the benefit of kerry's opponent, george w. bush.	although the swift boat veterans were an independent group, their actions worked to the benefit of kerry's opponent, george w. bush.
october 18 - jose padilla, american gang member and suspected terrorist	october 18 - jose padilla, american gang member and alleged terrorist
"nicknamed ""terra"", garcia turned pro in 2000, winning his first 22 fights, including the wba light middleweight title by beating santiago samaniego in 2003. after a defense against former olympian rhoshii wells, garcia lost the belt to phenom travis simms by 5th round ko."	"nicknamed ""terra"", garcia turned pro in 2000, winning his first 22 fights, including the wba light middleweight title by beating santiago samaniego in 2003. after a defense against former olympian rhoshii wells, garcia lost the belt to travis simms by 5th round ko."
in 2004, rabbi shergill turned the abstruse metaphysical poem bullah ki jaana into a rock/fusion song, which became hugely popular in india and pakistan.	in 2004, rabbi shergill performed the unlikely feat of turning the abstruse metaphysical poem bullah ki jaana into a rock/fusion song, which became hugely popular in india and pakistan.
eight years later they had their only child, a daughter that was tragically stillborn.	eight years later they had their only child, a daughter that was stillborn.
crime scene investigation: miami) is a spin-off of the popular cbs network series csi: crime scene investigation.	crime scene investigation: miami) is a spin-off of the cbs network series csi: crime scene investigation.
he was arrested at an anti-war protest in the united kingdom in 2003. he has made national headlines for his satirical tweets about the white genocide conspiracy theory and physical disgust at seeing a solider of the united states army given a first class seat on a plane, which he claims was a public display of u.s. militarism.	he was arrested at an anti-war protest in the united kingdom in 2003. he has made national headlines for his tweets about the white genocide conspiracy theory and physical disgust at seeing a solider of the united states army given a first class seat on a plane, which he claims was a public display of u.s. militarism.
his work partly inspired the pop-conomics book freakonomics.	his work partly inspired the popular economics book freakonomics.
magazine publisher althea flynt was signed up to alcor, but her body was not able to be preserved after her death, which required an autopsy.	magazine publisher althea flynt was signed up to alcor, but her body was not able to be preserved after her death, which resulted in an autopsy.
a superior example is ben roethlisberger of the pittsburgh steelers.	a recent example is ben roethlisberger of the pittsburgh steelers.
"it is sometimes associated with unattractive overweight men in general: for an example, in ""last exit to springfield,"" an episode of the animated television series the simpsons, one character mischievously drops a pencil down the cleavage of the overweight character homer simpson."	"it is sometimes associated with unattractive overweight men in general: for an example, in ""last exit to springfield,"" an episode of the animated television series the simpsons, one character mischievously drops a pencil down the cleavage of the character homer simpson."
the software project was started with the goal of providing a simple wrapper around the jdbc functions.	the software project was started with the goal of providing a wrapper around the jdbc functions.
lumley went on to find fame with a new generation for her brilliant portrayal of the chain smoking, boozing, cocaine-sniffing and other drug-taking sexpot fashion design editor patsy stone on the british comedy television show absolutely fabulous (1992 - 2004).	lumley went on to find fame with a new generation for her portrayal of the chain smoking, boozing, cocaine-sniffing and other drug-taking sexpot fashion design editor patsy stone on the british comedy television show absolutely fabulous (1992 - 2004).
he hails from a long line of politicians, known as the nehru-gandhi dynasty , which has occupied a prominent place in the politics of india ever since the country gained independence in 1947. the son of sonia and rajiv gandhi, he is the president of the indian national congress and serves such additional offices as the chairperson of the indian youth congress and the national students union of india.	he hails from a long line of politicians, known as the nehru-gandhi family , which has occupied a prominent place in the politics of india ever since the country gained independence in 1947. the son of sonia and rajiv gandhi, he is the president of the indian national congress and serves such additional offices as the chairperson of the indian youth congress and the national students union of india.
emirates airlines is quite popular and has become one of the world's best airlines.	emirates airlines is quite popular and has become one of the world's most popular airlines.
dimitar miladinov (1810-1862) and konstantin miladinov (1830-1862), were bulgarian poets and folklorists from macedonia, authors of the most important collection of bulgarian folk songs in the 19th century, bulgarian folk songs (1861).	dimitar miladinov (1810-1862) and konstantin miladinov (1830-1862), were slavic poets and folklorists from macedonia, authors of the most important collection of bulgarian folk songs in the 19th century, bulgarian folk songs (1861).
baa verde.tarrafal (camp of the slow death) was a concentration camp in the cape verde islands, then a portuguese colony, set up by the fascist dictator salazar before the second world war (1936) where anti-fascist opponents of this right-wing regime were sent.	baa verde.tarrafal (camp of the slow death) was a concentration camp in the cape verde islands, then a portuguese colony, set up by the dictator salazar before the second world war (1936) where anti-fascist opponents of this right-wing regime were sent.
rain tree crow was the name used by the successful english new wave band japan (excluding rob dean) when they briefly reformed for this one-off project, which would be their final album.	rain tree crow was the name used by the english new wave band japan (excluding rob dean) when they briefly reformed for this one-off project, which would be their final album.
bernard hopkins (born june 15, 1965) is a boxing champion.	bernard hopkins (born june 15, 1965) is regarded by many as boxing champion.
after the war, he returned to school, receiving his ba from the university of toronto in 1919. while attending the university of toronto, pearson became a member of the prestigious delta upsilon fraternity.	after the war, he returned to school, receiving his ba from the university of toronto in 1919. while attending the university of toronto, pearson became a member of the delta upsilon fraternity.
it is arguably one of their most impressive regular seasons in the entire history of the franchise.	it is considered one of their most impressive regular seasons in the entire history of the franchise.
"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy (though he also said that he should've raised his objections at the time ), stating that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and that he did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble""."	"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy (though he also said that he should've raised his objections at the time ), contending that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and that he did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble""."
following the tragic loss of the peking man materials in late 1941, scientific endeavors at zhoukoudian and elsewhere slowed.	following the loss of the peking man materials in late 1941, scientific endeavors at zhoukoudian and elsewhere slowed.
highlights of the meadows collection include renaissance altarpieces, monumental baroque canvases, exquisite rococo oil sketches, polychrome wood sculptures, impressionist landscapes, modernist abstractions, a comprehensive collection of the graphic works of goya, and a select group of sculptures by major twentieth-century masters - rodin, maillol, giacometti, moore, smith, and oldenburg.	highlights of the meadows collection include renaissance altarpieces, monumental baroque canvases, rococo oil sketches, polychrome wood sculptures, impressionist landscapes, modernist abstractions, a comprehensive collection of the graphic works of goya, and a select group of sculptures by major twentieth-century masters - rodin, maillol, giacometti, moore, smith, and oldenburg.
it is a great place for camping and recreational vacation.	it is a popular place for camping and recreational vacation.
"the masamune in final fantasy vi exists, but due to ted woolsey's censorship , it was renamed ""aura."""	"the masamune in final fantasy vi exists, but due to ted woolsey's creative translations , it was renamed ""aura."""
western scientific and technological achievements	western scientific and technological inventions
a city of around 45,000 people, it has small shopping centres and nice beaches.	a city of around 45,000 people, it has small shopping centres and beaches.
in fire sites, german revisionist historian jrg friedrich agrees that the raf's relentless bombing campaign against german cities in the last months of the war served no military purpose.	in fire sites, german historian jrg friedrich agrees that the raf's relentless bombing campaign against german cities in the last months of the war served no military purpose.
the war of 1812 was fought between the united states of america and the united kingdom and its colonies, especially upper canada (ontario), lower canada (quebec), nova scotia, bermuda and newfoundland.	the war of 1812 was fought between the united states of america and the united kingdom and its colonies, including upper canada (ontario), lower canada (quebec), nova scotia, bermuda and newfoundland.
breitbart.com maintained that the report was accurate, posting articles defending the website and attacking weigel and friedman.	breitbart.com maintained that the report was accurate, posting articles defending the website and criticizing weigel and friedman.
a number of historians, however, agree that the conflict with circassia alone began in 1763 with the arrival of russian occupation forces in the circassian region itself.	a number of historians, however, agree that the conflict with circassia alone began in 1763 with the arrival of russian forces in the circassian region itself.
upright=1.2| discussion about working for the tipped minimum wage of $2.13 per hour.	upright=1.2| an opinion video from the economic policy institute about working for the tipped minimum wage of $2.13 per hour.
often, the chef recruits additional commis chefs as the episode goes along.	often, the chef recruits additional chefs as the episode goes along.
needless-to-say the reference is a rather satirical one in which the two comedians gently mock the pretentious nature of the conservative suburban london town.	the reference is a rather satirical one in which the two comedians gently mock the pretentious nature of the conservative suburban london town.
january 31, 2006: sheehan accepts an invitation by congresswoman lynn woolsey to attend the state of the union speech by george w. bush .	january 31, 2006: sheehan accepts an invitation by representative lynn woolsey to attend the state of the union speech by george w. bush .
in addition to her published work, tulchinsky is a graduate of the pretigious canadian film centre.	in addition to her published work, tulchinsky is a graduate of the canadian film centre.
on january 2, 2016, the headquarters of the malheur national wildlife refuge in oregon, united states, were occupied by armed terrorists who had split off from an earlier peaceful march in protest of the prison sentences for ranchers dwight hammond and his son, steven hammond.	on january 2, 2016, the headquarters of the malheur national wildlife refuge in oregon, united states, were occupied by armed members of rump militias who had split off from an earlier peaceful march in protest of the prison sentences for ranchers dwight hammond and his son, steven hammond.
the colorado chapter of the aclu revealed that denver police had been spying on residents involved in nonviolent protest activity.	the colorado chapter of the aclu alleged that denver police had been spying on residents involved in nonviolent protest activity.
timothy jacob wise (born october 4, 1968) is an american anti-racist activist and writer.	timothy jacob wise (born october 4, 1968) is an american activist and writer.
these acts recognised the inherent superiority of british ways, and the need for indians to become english-speakers, christians and farmers.	these acts assumed the inherent superiority of british ways, and the need for indians to become english-speakers, christians and farmers.
stephen a. smith (born october 14, 1967) is an american sensationalist sports journalist, talk show host, and television personality.	stephen a. smith (born october 14, 1967) is an american sports journalist, talk show host, and television personality.
unlike some shjo manga, in which time flows excruciatingly slow, time is an apparent factor in seeing character development as the series progresses.	unlike some shjo manga, in which time flows very slow, time is an apparent factor in seeing character development as the series progresses.
"the album surprisingly reached number 35 in the uk charts in 1983, whilst the single ""like an animal"" peaked just outside the uk top 50. the next single from the album, ""punish me with kisses"", only just made it into the top 100. whilst smith did sing on a few tracks, the featured vocalist is jeanette landray - a friend of banshee drummer budgie; who was at the time involved in progressing a musical relationship with sioux under the creatures banner."	"the album reached number 35 in the uk charts in 1983, whilst the single ""like an animal"" peaked just outside the uk top 50. the next single from the album, ""punish me with kisses"", only just made it into the top 100. whilst smith did sing on a few tracks, the featured vocalist is jeanette landray - a friend of banshee drummer budgie; who was at the time involved in progressing a musical relationship with sioux under the creatures banner."
lama thubten zopa rinpoche, a high-respected lama from thami, solo khumbu region of nepal, director of the foundation for the preservation of the mahayana tradition.	lama thubten zopa rinpoche, a lama from thami, solo khumbu region of nepal, director of the foundation for the preservation of the mahayana tradition.
rightintj (introversion, intuition, thinking, judging) is an initialism used in the myers-briggs type indicator (mbti) publications to refer to one of the sixteen personality types.	rightintj (introversion, intuition, thinking, judging) is an abbreviation used in the myers-briggs type indicator (mbti) publications to refer to one of the sixteen personality types.
the proper order is as follows:	the producers' intended order is as follows:
"he was a rising figure in the european dance music scene in the 1980s, producing popular remixes of various hits (most notably the ""long vocal dutch mix"" of ""i can't wait"" by nu shooz)."	"he was a figure in the european dance music scene in the 1980s, producing popular remixes of various hits (most notably the ""long vocal dutch mix"" of ""i can't wait"" by nu shooz)."
ihor stepanovych nasalyk (25 november 1962 in oleksandriia, kirovohrad oblast) is a ukrainian optoelectronic engineer and statesman .	ihor stepanovych nasalyk (25 november 1962 in oleksandriia, kirovohrad oblast) is a ukrainian optoelectronic engineer and politician .
after the apostle judas iscariot had betrayed jesus, the remaining apostles under the leadership of simon peter filled the vacancy by electing by lot matthias, a companion of theirs ever since they themselves had followed jesus, so that by the time of the crucial coming of the holy spirit at pentecost they actually numbered twelve again.	after the apostle judas iscariot had betrayed jesus, the remaining apostles under the leadership of simon peter filled the vacancy by electing by lot matthias, a companion of theirs ever since they themselves had followed jesus, so that by the time of the coming of the holy spirit at pentecost they actually numbered twelve again.
equine-assisted therapy (eat) encompasses a wide range of treatments that includes equine activities or an equine environment to promote physical, occupational, and emotional growth in persons with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd), anxiety, autism, cerebral palsy, dementia, depression, developmental delay, genetic syndromes (such as down's syndrome), traumatic brain injuries, behavioral issues, abuse issues, post traumatic stress disorder (ptsd), drug and alcohol addiction, and other mental health problems.	equine-assisted therapy (eat) encompasses a wide range of treatments that includes equine activities or an equine environment which advocates claim can promote physical, occupational, and emotional growth in persons with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (adhd), anxiety, autism, cerebral palsy, dementia, depression, developmental delay, genetic syndromes (such as down's syndrome), traumatic brain injuries, behavioral issues, abuse issues, post traumatic stress disorder (ptsd), drug and alcohol addiction, and other mental health problems.
five men (amerigo dumini - a prominent member of the fascist ceka, giuseppe viola, albino volpi, augusto malacria and amleto poveromo) were arrested for the crime, only three were convicted but released two months later under amnesty by king victor emmanuel iii; the sixth fascist thug , filippo panzeri, was allowed to escape before the arrests of his accomplices.	five men (amerigo dumini - a prominent member of the fascist ceka, giuseppe viola, albino volpi, augusto malacria and amleto poveromo) were arrested for the crime, only three were convicted but released two months later under amnesty by king victor emmanuel iii; the sixth fascist, filippo panzeri, was allowed to escape before the arrests of his accomplices.
they are based on marcia clark and christopher darden, the incompetent lead prosecutors in the oj simpson murder case.	they are based on marcia clark and christopher darden, the lead prosecutors in the oj simpson murder case.
is arguably the most influential of a series of 19th and 20th century buddhist revival movements in india.	is considered the most influential of a series of 19th and 20th century buddhist revival movements in india.
writing in science, psychologist petter johansson and coworkers describe choice blindness in an ingenious experiment.	writing in science, psychologist petter johansson and coworkers describe choice blindness in an experiment.
in may 2005, tom cruise, a scientologist whose religion frowns upon psychiatry, condemned shields both personally and professionally, particularly for both using and speaking in favor of the antidepressant drug paxil.	in may 2005, tom cruise, a scientologist whose beliefs frowns upon psychiatry, condemned shields both personally and professionally, particularly for both using and speaking in favor of the antidepressant drug paxil.
over the course of the next year, six separate inquiries looked into the allegations.	over the course of the next year, six inquiries looked into the allegations.
zwickau is a city of germany, in the bundesland saxony (sachsen), situated in a pleasant valley at the foot of the erzgebirge, on the left bank of the zwickauer mulde, 130 km (82 miles) southwest of dresden, south of leipzig and south west of chemnitz.	zwickau is a city of germany, in the bundesland saxony (sachsen), situated in a valley at the foot of the erzgebirge, on the left bank of the zwickauer mulde, 130 km (82 miles) southwest of dresden, south of leipzig and south west of chemnitz.
chang is currently professor of english at the university of iowa and director of the prestigious iowa writers' workshop; she is the first female and asian american writer to serve as director of the workshop.	chang is currently professor of english at the university of iowa and director of the iowa writers' workshop; she is the first female and asian american writer to serve as director of the workshop.
she received the prestigious clarion award from women communications, inc and was honored for her work with girl scouts of the usa and national association of black journalists.	she received the clarion award from women communications, inc and was honored for her work with girl scouts of the usa and national association of black journalists.
also, this was the only nfl season where every jersey had a patch to remember those to die in 9/11, and the ny jets and ny giants wore a patch to remember the firemen who died.	also, this was the only nfl season where every jersey had a patch to remember those to die in 9/11, and the ny jets and ny giants wore a patch to remember the fire fighters who died.
many right-wing jefferson parish residents joined in a class action lawsuit against broussard because he failed to follow emergency procedure regarding the pumping stations.	many jefferson parish residents joined in a class action lawsuit against broussard because he failed to follow emergency procedure regarding the pumping stations.
fraudulent polish elections held in january 1947 resulted in poland's official transformation to the people's republic of poland.	first polish elections held in january 1947 resulted in poland's official transformation to the people's republic of poland.
"prior to euro-canadian contact, and the introduction of schooners, the kangiryuarmiut migrated mostly by foot, developing what nuttall (1992) referred to as an ""embodied memoryscape"" in that people knew all place names enroute, the accompanying stories, and a collective significance and relational understanding of locations."	"prior to white contact, and the introduction of schooners, the kangiryuarmiut migrated mostly by foot, developing what nuttall (1992) referred to as an ""embodied memoryscape"" in that people knew all place names enroute, the accompanying stories, and a collective significance and relational understanding of locations."
it gained enormous popularity with its superb music, cast, and plot adaptation.	it gained enormous popularity with its music, cast, and plot adaptation.
"happy family provides nutritional, organic, sustainable baby, toddler, and kids food that is ""as healthy and delicious as homemade."""	"happy family 's stated mission is to provide nutritional, organic, sustainable baby, toddler, and kids food that is ""as healthy and delicious as homemade."""
valeriy kartavtsev is a ukrainian jurist and statesman .	valeriy kartavtsev is a ukrainian jurist and politician .
society carpetbaggers proposed a resolution in 2001 for another vote by nationwide members to convert the society to a bank.	society members again proposed a resolution in 2001 for another vote by nationwide members to convert the society to a bank.
they believe that they're called to help the less fortunate, the poor, the sick, and those who don't know about jesus.	church members believe that they're called to help the less fortunate, the poor, the sick, and those who don't know about jesus.
"diwata is a filipino singer- comedienne who made a mark with the tagalog remake of the english song ""sincerely"" and became well known with ""sisirin mo,"" a naughty song with double meaning that titillated the masses' imagination from her self-titled album ""diwata""."	"diwata is a filipino singer- comedian who made a mark with the tagalog remake of the english song ""sincerely"" and became well known with ""sisirin mo,"" a naughty song with double meaning that titillated the masses' imagination from her self-titled album ""diwata""."
british author alan henry claimed schumacher was blamed by 'many f1 insiders' for the incident.	british author alan henry reports schumacher was blamed by 'many f1 insiders' for the incident.
to protect the horse from the bull's horns, the bull is surrounded by a ' mento ' a protective cover.	to protect the horse from the bull's horns, the bull is surrounded by a ' pito ' a protective cover.
it provides an interface for easily building, testing, and debugging regular expressions, in addition to a library of commonly used regular expressions, an interface for generating code to use regexes in the desired programming environment, a graphical grep tool for searching through files and directories, and an integrated forum for seeking and providing regular expression advice with other regexbuddy users.	it provides an interface for building, testing, and debugging regular expressions, in addition to a library of commonly used regular expressions, an interface for generating code to use regexes in the desired programming environment, a graphical grep tool for searching through files and directories, and an integrated forum for seeking and providing regular expression advice with other regexbuddy users.
although israel believed egypt wanted to destroy the state of israel, egypt's goal for the war was to cross the suez canal, liberate part of the sinai and force israel to the negotiation table.	although israel believed egypt wanted to destroy the state of israel, egypt's goal for the war was to cross the suez canal, conquer part of the sinai and force israel to the negotiation table.
in 2001, riverkeeper has lobbied more than 400 politicians (including 11 members of congress), 500 local businesses, and over 200 police officers, firefighters, bus drivers, school teachers, and hospital workers, to call for the plant's closing, criticizing, among other things, its unworkable emergency plan.	in 2001, riverkeeper has lobbied more than 400 politicians (including 11 members of congress), 500 local businesses, and over 200 police officers, firefighters, bus drivers, school teachers, and hospital workers, to call for the plant's closing, criticizing, among other things, it's alleged unworkable emergency plan.
the area is anchored by summit mall, best buy, home depot, wal-mart, sam's club, barnes & noble and hundreds of other premier businesses and restaurants.	the area is anchored by summit mall, best buy, home depot, wal-mart, sam's club, barnes & noble and hundreds of other businesses and restaurants.
1946 - after 381 years of near-continuous colonial rule, the philippines achieves full independence from the united states.	1946 - after 381 years of near-continuous colonial rule, the philippines attains full independence from the united states.
many restaurants include a masonry oven, visible over the counter to the customers, where pizzas are prepared freshly and then baked in the oven to order.	many restaurants include a masonry oven, visible over the counter to the customers, where pizzas are prepared and then baked in the oven to order.
under such a doctrine ( obviously a legal fiction), a corporation enjoys many of the rights and obligations of individual persons, such as the ability to own property, sign binding contracts, pay taxes, have certain constitutional rights, and otherwise participate in society.	under such a doctrine ( traditionally seen as a legal fiction), a corporation enjoys many of the rights and obligations of individual persons, such as the ability to own property, sign binding contracts, pay taxes, have certain constitutional rights, and otherwise participate in society.
endtroducing..... received universal acclaim from critics, who praised dj shadow's approach to sampling and the beats he created from samples.	endtroducing..... received acclaim from critics, who praised dj shadow's approach to sampling and the beats he created from samples.
in italy, the war was devastating to the urbanized society that was supported by a settled hinterland.the great cities of rome and her allies would be abandoned as italy would fall into a long period of backwardness .	in italy, the war was devastating to the urbanized society that was supported by a settled hinterland.the great cities of rome and her allies would be abandoned as italy would fall into a long period of decline .
a rabid anti-communist, lava became known as an outspoken critic of the cuban revolution.	a staunch anti-communist, lava became known as an outspoken critic of the cuban revolution.
he managed the new york mets to the 1969 world series title, one of the greatest upsets in series history, before his untimely death in 1972.	he managed the new york mets to the 1969 world series title, one of the greatest upsets in series history, before his death in 1972.
result: despite consistent success with previous tasks, paul's abysmal employment record was unearthed and he was taken apart by the interviewers.	result: despite consistent success with previous tasks, paul's underwhelming employment record was unearthed and he was taken apart by the interviewers.
the name of this burgeoning scientific field reflects a desire to give the generalities and broad-based approach of sustainability a stronger analytic and scientific underpinning.	the name of this scientific field reflects a desire to give the generalities and broad-based approach of sustainability a stronger analytic and scientific underpinning.
there are several user made campaigns which rival the perfection of the original campaigns that came with the game.	there are several user made campaigns which rival the complexity of the original campaigns that came with the game.
the seafront of gira is famed for its breathtaking views of the walled city of valletta, which are illuminated at night, forming a picturesque backdrop to manoel island, the yacht marina and a seafront public garden.	the seafront of gira is famed for its views of the walled city of valletta, which are illuminated at night, forming a picturesque backdrop to manoel island, the yacht marina and a seafront public garden.
list of spouses of the vice presidents	list of wives of the vice presidents
joan rivers, comedienne , parents were russian jewish immigrants	joan rivers, comedian , parents were russian jewish immigrants
the claremont independent, a conservative magazine, has produced articles about the campuses' political culture that have been picked up by national conservative media outlets and drawn intense criticism from many students.	the claremont independent, a conservative magazine, has produced articles about the campuses' political culture that have been picked up by national conservative media outlets and drawn criticism from many students.
as their strongest evidence for the effectiveness of the bates method, proponents point to the many success stories of people claiming to have improved their eyesight.	as their strongest evidence for the effectiveness of the bates method, proponents point to the many stories of people claiming to have improved their eyesight.
"under that objective, they intervened in two previous ""time wars"": the first was a skirmish between the halldons (a race mentioned in the terry nation story we are the daleks from the radio times 10th anniversary special, 1973) and the eternals (enlightenment), the second the brutal slaughter of the omnicraven uprising."	"under that objective, they intervened in two previous ""time wars"": the first was a skirmish between the halldons (a race mentioned in the terry nation story we are the daleks from the radio times 10th anniversary special, 1973) and the eternals (enlightenment), the second the slaughter of the omnicraven uprising."
as a case in point, fyre analyzes the phallocentrism she alleges is characteristic of the fiction and christian apologetics of c.s.	as a case in point, fyre analyzes the phallocentrism she believes is characteristic of the fiction and christian apologetics of c.s.
eco, info on eco-friendly ways to live and to protect our planet.	eco, info on eco-friendly ways to live and to protect one's planet.
its staple de ville and fleetwood lines were downsized for 1977 and again for 1985. it launched a smaller car around the size of the mercedes-benz 300, the seville, based on a chevrolet nova platform, which became a sensational success for the marque.	its staple de ville and fleetwood lines were downsized for 1977 and again for 1985. it launched a smaller car around the size of the mercedes-benz 300, the seville, based on a chevrolet nova platform, which became a success for the marque.
based upon a belief that leavers are in danger of negative eternal consequences, mormon peers, church officials, and family members intensely criticise leavers and pressure them to return, although family members of some leavers may express only dissapointment and sorrow and try to reach out in understanding to their ex-mormon's new belief system.	based upon a belief that those who leave are in danger of negative eternal consequences, mormon peers, church officials, and family members intensely criticise leavers and pressure them to return, although family members of some leavers may express only dissapointment and sorrow and try to reach out in understanding to their ex-mormon's new belief system.
the city heart of rotterdam after being terror bombed by nazi germany in 1940, the ruin of the (now restored) laurens kerk is the only building that reminds people of rotterdam's medieval architecture.	the city heart of rotterdam after being bombed by nazi germany in 1940, the ruin of the (now restored) laurens kerk is the only building that reminds people of rotterdam's medieval architecture.
none|the jesusland mapthe jesusland map is an internet meme satirizing the red state-blue state divide, created very shortly following the rigged 2004 united states presidential election.	none|the jesusland mapthe jesusland map is an internet meme satirizing the red state-blue state divide, created very shortly following the 2004 united states presidential election.
role during regime 's final days	role during government 's final days
"because many people died while building the wall, it has obtained the gruesome title, ""longest cemetery on earth"" or ""the long graveyard""."	"because many people died while building the wall, it has obtained the title, ""longest cemetery on earth"" or ""the long graveyard""."
in northern california, route 101 is the primary coastal route providing motorists access in and out of the san francisco bay area, as well as the primary commuter route between san francisco, california and the north bay.	in northern california, highway 101 is the primary coastal route providing motorists access in and out of the san francisco bay area, as well as the primary commuter route between san francisco, california and the north bay.
rudolf bayer (born 7 may 1939) has been professor (emeritus) of informatics at the technical university of munich since 1972. he is famous for inventing three data sorting structures: the b-tree (with edward m. mccreight), the ub-tree (with volker markl) and the red-black tree.	rudolf bayer (born 7 may 1939) has been professor (emeritus) of informatics at the technical university of munich since 1972. he is noted for inventing three data sorting structures: the b-tree (with edward m. mccreight), the ub-tree (with volker markl) and the red-black tree.
the phrase has been occasionally used on social media by non-muslims and adherents of the alt-right movement since the mid-2010s.	the phrase has been occasionally used on social media by islamophobes and adherents of the alt-right movement since the mid-2010s.
development of the process was started in england and continued by the infamous parker family in the united states.	development of the process was started in england and continued by the parker family in the united states.
he appeared in the the eight season of the blockbuster show.	he appeared in the the eight season of the show.
buddhist philosophy and materialist (crvka) philosophy refuted the idea of an eternal soul.	buddhist philosophy and materialist (crvka) philosophy rejected the idea of an eternal soul.
"on october 24, 2012, after tweeting that he had a ""big announcement"", that would be ""bordering on gigantic"" and that it would ""possibly"" change the outcome of the presidential race, trump revisited his suspicion of obama's citizenship, in spite of the theory having been thoroughly debunked by a number of sources."	"on october 24, 2012, after tweeting that he had a ""big announcement"", that would be ""bordering on gigantic"" and that it would ""possibly"" change the outcome of the presidential race, trump revisited his suspicion of obama's citizenship, in spite of the theory having been debunked by a number of sources."
the nature institute, a leading research institute in holistic science, describes the necessity for holism in science as follows	the nature institute, a research institute in holistic science, describes the necessity for holism in science as follows
"coulter has ironically stated that women are ""not as bright"" as men, ""have no capacity to understand how money is earned,"" coulter has also remarked that women ""shouldn't be in the military."""	"coulter has stated that women are ""not as bright"" as men, ""have no capacity to understand how money is earned,"" coulter has also remarked that women ""shouldn't be in the military."""
the tail is interesting , it starts out blue, and terminates in a more yellowish color, despite the fact that the beginning of each arm in every spiral galaxy starts yellow and terminates in a bluish color.	the tail is unusual , it starts out blue, and terminates in a more yellowish color, despite the fact that the beginning of each arm in every spiral galaxy starts yellow and terminates in a bluish color.
sac city is a city in sac county, iowa, beautifully situated on the rolling hills along the valley of the north raccoon river, in one of the prime agricultural regions of the united states.	sac city is a city in sac county, iowa, situated on the rolling hills along the valley of the north raccoon river, in one of the prime agricultural regions of the united states.
born: carol burnett, us actress, singer, and comedienne , in san antonio; ilkka kuusisto, finnish opera composer, in helsinki; and arno allan penzias, german-born physicist and 1978 nobel laureate, who was among a group of jewish children evacuated to britain in 1938.	born: carol burnett, us actress, singer, and comedian , in san antonio; ilkka kuusisto, finnish opera composer, in helsinki; and arno allan penzias, german-born physicist and 1978 nobel laureate, who was among a group of jewish children evacuated to britain in 1938.
moriah rose pereira (born january 1, 1995), known professionally as poppy, is an american singer, songwriter, composer, actress , dancer, painter and youtuber.	moriah rose pereira (born january 1, 1995), known professionally as poppy, is an american singer, songwriter, composer, actor , dancer, painter and youtuber.
deleuze shows that masochism is something far more subtle and complex than the enjoyment of pain and that masochism has nothing to do with sadism.	deleuze argues that masochism is something far more subtle and complex than the enjoyment of pain and that masochism has nothing to do with sadism.
bogi bogievi is a bosnian statesman of bosnian serb ethnicity, born in ugljevik, bosnia and herzegovina, yugoslavia (present day bosnia and herzegovina).	bogi bogievi is a bosnian politician of bosnian serb ethnicity, born in ugljevik, bosnia and herzegovina, yugoslavia (present day bosnia and herzegovina).
multiple gunshot suicide occurs when an individual commits suicide by firearm and inflicts two or more gunshots upon himself before becoming incapacitated.	multiple gunshot suicide occurs when an individual commits suicide by firearm and inflicts two or more gunshots upon themselves before becoming incapacitated.
"chambers also felt that the implicit message of the novel is totalitarian (""to the gas chambers go!"	"chambers also said that the implicit message of the novel is totalitarian (""to the gas chambers go!"
he was eventually removed from office by pope john paul ii for alleged sexual misconduct.	he was removed from office by pope john paul ii for alleged sexual misconduct.
spaghetti junction (officially gravelly hill interchange) is junction 6 of the m6 motorway where it meets the a38(m) aston expressway in birmingham, england, and is so named for its impressive system of intertwined loops and ramps.	spaghetti junction (officially gravelly hill interchange) is junction 6 of the m6 motorway where it meets the a38(m) aston expressway in birmingham, england, and is so named for its complex system of intertwined loops and ramps.
media investigations have recently found significant discrepencies between the credentials brown claims to have and his actual experience.	media investigations have recently found discrepencies between the credentials brown claims to have and his actual experience.
lynda.com's online training library is a leading provider of online training for creative computer software.	lynda.com's online training library is a provider of online training for creative computer software.
though it revolutionized gold mining, the technique also caused severe environmental damage.	though it revolutionized gold mining, the technique also caused environmental damage.
redirect wikipedia talk:neutral point of view /avoidbiasdebate	redirect wikipedia talk:neutral point of view
unfortunately the hall suffered a fire in 1997 which caused damage to the structure and it has not been lived in since.	the hall suffered a fire in 1997 which caused damage to the structure and it has not been lived in since.
is a sexual practice that features a woman being ejaculated on by several men.	is a sexual practice that features a person being ejaculated on by several men.
john w. keys, the 16th commissioner of the bureau of reclamation, who served in that capacity from july 17, 2001, to april 15, 2006, was tragically killed only 2 years after his retirement, on may 30, 2008, when the airplane he was piloting crashed in canyonlands national park, utah, with one passenger aboard .	john w. keys, the 16th commissioner of the bureau of reclamation, who served in that capacity from july 17, 2001, to april 15, 2006, was killed only 2 years after his retirement, on may 30, 2008, when the airplane he was piloting crashed in canyonlands national park, utah, with one passenger aboard .
to that end, the city of camden was divided into four councilman districts, instead of electing the entire council at-large.	to that end, the city of camden was divided into four council districts, instead of electing the entire council at-large.
jerry the jerk coined by enemy william loeb, editor of the manchester union leader (new hampshire) in 1976	jerry the jerk coined by william loeb, editor of the manchester union leader (new hampshire) in 1976
since we have been shown that the neutral current is zero we can see that removing the neutral core will have no effect on the circuit, provided the system is balanced.	since we have shown that the neutral current is zero we can see that removing the neutral core will have no effect on the circuit, provided the system is balanced.
after the outbreak of the al-aqsa intifada in 2000 the two began writing patriotic songs.	after the outbreak of the second intifada in 2000 the two began writing patriotic songs.
to counter the danger, amundsen planned to supplement sledging rations with regular helpings of seal meat.	to neutralise the danger, amundsen planned to supplement sledging rations with regular helpings of seal meat.
he supported legislation that became known as the force acts, to suppress the violent activities of the ku klux klan.	he supported legislation that became known as the enforcement acts, to suppress the violent activities of the ku klux klan.
while a student, she was involved in a tragic motor vehicle accident which caused the death of a fellow student and injuries to herself and another student.	while a student, she was involved in a motor vehicle accident which caused the death of a fellow student and injuries to herself and another student.
are a football club based in truro, cornwall, in the united kingdom.	are an english professional football club based in truro, cornwall, in the united kingdom.
since 1991, three large slabs of sandstone measuring 30, 47, and 70 feet (9.1, 14, and ) long have fallen from the thinnest section of landscape arch, forcing the park service to close the trail that once passed beneath it.	since 1991, three slabs of sandstone measuring 30, 47, and 70 feet (9.1, 14, and ) long have fallen from the thinnest section of landscape arch, forcing the park service to close the trail that once passed beneath it.
marriage is a social union or legal contract between individuals that creates kinship.	marriage is a social union or legal contract between men and women that creates kinship.
these cultures developed excellent techniques of cultivation, gold and silver work, pottery, metallurgy and knitting.	these cultures developed advanced techniques of cultivation, gold and silver work, pottery, metallurgy and knitting.
in 1998 after the bias-motivated kidnapping and murder of matthew shepard, a wyoming college student, the major american news networks would occasionally mention that the student's parents lived in dhahran and worked for aramco.	in 1998 after the kidnapping and murder of matthew shepard, a wyoming college student, the major american news networks would occasionally mention that the student's parents lived in dhahran and worked for aramco.
the early albums and performances were known for the fascinating array of instruments rarely seen outside their community, including the oud, cittern, cabrette, kaval, dumbe, tupan.	the early albums and performances were known for the unusual array of instruments rarely seen outside their community, including the oud, cittern, cabrette, kaval, dumbe, tupan.
dictator hugo chavez also travels very often on board of a il-96 plane owned by cubana de aviacion	president hugo chavez also travels very often on board of a il-96 plane owned by cubana de aviacion
others, particularly the teenagers who make up a significant fraction of the irc-using community, probably regard this as a desirable feature.	others, particularly the teenagers who make up a significant fraction of the irc-using community, may regard this as a desirable feature.
"image|a crude poster among a ""crimea is ukraine"" rally in kiev, 2 march"	"image|a poster among a ""crimea is ukraine"" rally in kiev, 2 march"
jerry douglas (born in warren, ohio on may 28, 1956) is an american virtuoso dobro player.	jerry douglas (born in warren, ohio on may 28, 1956) is an american dobro player.
it was annexed by jordan in 1950 (though this annexation was recognized only by the united kingdom with the exception of east jerusalem) and remained part of jordan until the 1967 six-day war, when it was liberated by israeli forces.	it was annexed by jordan in 1950 (though this annexation was recognized only by the united kingdom with the exception of east jerusalem) and remained part of jordan until the 1967 six-day war, when it was captured by israeli forces.
the main rationale for the iraq war offered by u.s. president george w. bush, former prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair, former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar and their domestic and foreign supporters, was the allegement that iraq possessed and was actively developing weapons of mass destruction (wmd).	the main rationale for the iraq war offered by u.s. president george w. bush, former prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair, former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar and their domestic and foreign supporters, was the belief that iraq possessed and was actively developing weapons of mass destruction (wmd).
perry's lackluster college grades at texas a&m raised fears that he was not an intellectual leader.	perry's college grades at texas a&m raised fears that he was not an intellectual leader.
eddie irvine finished third after overtaking olivier panis, exacting some measure of revenge for panis' brilliant overtaking manoeuvre that had seen him get past irvine a year earlier.	eddie irvine finished third after overtaking olivier panis, exacting some measure of revenge for panis' overtaking manoeuvre that had seen him get past irvine a year earlier.
sometimes this can be accomplished by surgery, but the propensity of cancers to invade adjacent tissue or to spread to distant sites by microscopic metastasis often limits its effectiveness; chemotherapy and radiotherapy can unfortunately have a negative effect on normal cells.	sometimes this can be accomplished by surgery, but the propensity of cancers to invade adjacent tissue or to spread to distant sites by microscopic metastasis often limits its effectiveness; chemotherapy and radiotherapy can have a negative effect on normal cells.
gerard lopez (born 27 december 1971) is a luxembourgish-spanish entrepreneur and businessman .	gerard lopez (born 27 december 1971) is a luxembourgish-spanish entrepreneur and businessperson .
controversy over qutbism is in part an expression of the disagreement of two of the main tendencies of the islamic revival: the more traditional salafi/wahhabi muslims, and the more radically active muslim groups associated with the muslim brotherhood, the group qutb was a member of for about the last decade and a half of his life.	controversy over qutbism is in part an expression of the disagreement of two of the main tendencies of the islamic revival: the more traditional salafi muslims, and the more radically active muslim groups associated with the muslim brotherhood, the group qutb was a member of for about the last decade and a half of his life.
the shorter half-life suggests a much lower toxic effect than was feared for thiomersal in vaccines.	the shorter half-life might suggest a much lower toxic effect than was feared for thiomersal in vaccines.
some acts of violence have also occurred such as incident on march 20, 2008, a bomb concealed as a purim gift basket was delivered to the house of a prominent messianic jewish family in ariel, israel , which severely wounded the son.	some acts of violence have also occurred such as incident on march 20, 2008, a bomb concealed as a purim gift basket was delivered to the house of a prominent messianic jewish family in ariel, in the west bank , which severely wounded the son.
|the elaborate stryker sonoma tasting room in the alexander valley ava, california	|the stryker sonoma tasting room in the alexander valley ava, california
hilary du pr was born in woking, surrey, the eldest child of an upper middle-class, cultured family headed by an accountant father and a pianist mother.	hilary du pr was born in woking, surrey, the eldest child of an upper middle-class, family headed by an accountant father and a pianist mother.
on october 26, 2005, amer was illegally arrested for the first time by egyptian state security agency amn al-dawla for anti-religious posts on his blog.	on october 26, 2005, amer was arrested for the first time by egyptian state security agency amn al-dawla for anti-religious posts on his blog.
pimp c's funeral has been confimed to take place on thursday (december 13) at the bob bowers civic center in his hometown of port arthur, texas at 11 a.m. the legendary houston rapper will then be buried at greenlawn cemetery.	pimp c's funeral has been confimed to take place on thursday (december 13) at the bob bowers civic center in his hometown of port arthur, texas at 11 a.m. the houston rapper will then be buried at greenlawn cemetery.
creationism is the false religious belief	creationism is the religious belief
due to her eccentric theories and much of her research being original, ye'or has become a figure of controversy.	due to her startling theories and much of her research being original, ye'or has become a figure of controversy.
200104: worldwide recognition	200104: international recognition
abreu vineyards is a cult winery in napa valley, california founded by the viticulturist david abreu.	abreu vineyards is a winery in napa valley, california founded by the viticulturist david abreu.
polling was conducted by the advertiser in december 2009 with answers to questions revealing little voter interest in the matter .	polling was conducted by the advertiser in december 2009 with answers to questions revealing little voter interest in the allegations .
jesus of nazareth (or jesus christ, see alternate names below) (born: c. 6 bc- c. 6; died: c. 27 - c. 36) was a jewish religious teacher and faith healer; who was crucified during the early years of the roman empire.	jesus of nazareth (or jesus christ, see alternate names below) (born: c. 6 bc- c. 6; died: c. 27 - c. 36) was a jewish religious teacher and healer; who was crucified during the early years of the roman empire.
gandhi with famous poet rabindranath tagore, 1940	gandhi with poet rabindranath tagore, 1940
no peer-reviewed study of actual psychological outcomes supporting the movement's view has evaded scientific scrutiny.	no peer-reviewed study of actual psychological outcomes supporting the movement's view has withstood scientific scrutiny.
"bananaphone is the name of a children's album, as well as a humorous song by raffi, released in 1994. the lyrics describe a combination between a banana and a telephone, using many puns (""it's a phone with appeal!"")"	"bananaphone is the name of a children's album, as well as a song by raffi, released in 1994. the lyrics describe a combination between a banana and a telephone, using many puns (""it's a phone with appeal!"")"
the movie was filmed in the sierra de organos near sombrerete, zacatecas, mexico, and features stop-motion animated dinosaurs constructed by david w. allen, including one memorable scene where a tyrannosaurus rex becomes intoxicated by a cannabis-type drug.	the movie was filmed in the sierra de organos near sombrerete, zacatecas, mexico, and features stop-motion animated dinosaurs constructed by david w. allen, including one scene where a tyrannosaurus rex becomes intoxicated by a cannabis-type drug.
since the end of the missions, a cottage industry has grown up surrounding the conspiracy theory that the apollo missions were a hoax.	since the end of the missions, a cottage industry has grown up surrounding the theory that the apollo missions were a hoax.
following his offensive comments live on air he was forced off of the show by alan titchmarsh.	following his comments live on air he was forced off of the show by alan titchmarsh.
he was best known for playing gilbert blythe in cbc television's 1985 telefilm anne of green gables and its two sequels.	he was known for playing gilbert blythe in cbc television's 1985 telefilm anne of green gables and its two sequels.
during this period, the railyards near the haifa port were attacked, the sarona military headquarters (today hakirya in tel aviv) was bombed, sarafand (today tzrifin military base) was attacked, the cid offices in haifa were attacked, airplanes at the kfar sirkin air base were destroyed, hospitalized prisoners were liberated as were female prisoners from the petah tikva police station, and he participated in a bank robbery at the tel aviv branch of the barclays bank.	during this period, the railyards near the haifa port were attacked, the sarona military headquarters (today hakirya in tel aviv) was bombed, sarafand (today tzrifin military base) was attacked, the cid offices in haifa were attacked, airplanes at the kfar sirkin air base were destroyed, hospitalized prisoners were freed as were female prisoners from the petah tikva police station, and he participated in a bank robbery at the tel aviv branch of the barclays bank.
greene sustained a massive brain injury after a much publicized vicious attack on march 4, 2006, in the kandahar province, afghanistan.	greene sustained a massive brain injury after a much publicized attack on march 4, 2006, in the kandahar province, afghanistan.
the ship served the coast guard helping to prevent the smuggling of liquor into the united states.	the ship served the coast guard attempting to prevent the smuggling of liquor into the united states.
good synopsis of events surrounding the disappearance of nina reiser	synopsis of events surrounding the disappearance of nina reiser
"liberal msnbc commentator rachel maddow said, ""the unofficial republican party media outlet, fox news channel, has explicitly endorsed these events."""	"msnbc commentator rachel maddow said, ""the unofficial republican party media outlet, fox news channel, has explicitly endorsed these events."""
the plan also called for the removal of the vulnerable and accident-prone liquid fueled titan ii from use.	the plan also called for the removal of the old and accident-prone liquid fueled titan ii from use.
meanwhile, over 10,000 viewers have enjoyed the photographs online.	meanwhile, over 10,000 viewers have seen the photographs online.
to the uninformed, he is sometimes mistaken for another popular seiyu, tomokazu seki.	to the uninformed, he is sometimes mistaken for another seiyu, tomokazu seki.
that lustrous triple-hundred made him the fourth in the highest individual scores list, which is currently topped by brian lara(400),followed by matthew hayden(380), and brian lara again(375).	that triple-hundred made him the fourth in the highest individual scores list, which is currently topped by brian lara(400),followed by matthew hayden(380), and brian lara again(375).
it is possibly more effective perhaps because they have had less experience of the trials and tribulations of life.	it is possibly more effective especially because they have had less experience of the trials and tribulations of life.
no fewer than 16 student newspapers and magazines in the united states, and a handful in other countries, ran one or more of the offending caricatures.	no fewer than 16 student newspapers and magazines in the united states, and a handful in other countries, ran one or more of the caricatures.
on april 2017, the rio de janeiro native was handed the coveted sriwijaya f.c.	on april 2017, the rio de janeiro native was handed the sriwijaya f.c.
however, the force with which the passenger pushes against the door is very real.	however, the force with which the passenger pushes against the door is real.
paradiseo is a powerful c++ framework dedicated to the reusable design of metaheuristics for multi-objective optimization.	paradiseo is a c++ framework dedicated to the reusable design of metaheuristics for multi-objective optimization.
in a series of editorials, thompson argued :	in a series of editorials, thompson wrote :
she was a british character comedienne , trained as an operatic singer in italy.	she was a british character comedian , trained as an operatic singer in italy.
the current dominant opinion among secular historians and scientists is that he most likely had dark skin, resembling modern-day persons of middle eastern descent.	the current dominant opinion among secular historians and scientists is that he most likely had swarthy skin, resembling modern-day persons of middle eastern descent.
he has been officially designated to serve as the powerful new foreign minister of the european union under its new constitution, effective upon full ratification expected in 2006. as such he would combine the positions of commissioner of external relations (currently held by benita ferrero-waldner) and common foreign and security policy chief currently held by him.	he has been officially designated to serve as the new foreign minister of the european union under its new constitution, effective upon full ratification expected in 2006. as such he would combine the positions of commissioner of external relations (currently held by benita ferrero-waldner) and common foreign and security policy chief currently held by him.
ecoboost is a family of turbocharged, direct injected petrol engines produced by the ford motor company and co-developed by fev engineering.	ecoboost is a family of turbocharged, direct injected gasoline engines produced by the ford motor company and co-developed by fev engineering.
the heartland institute is an american conservative and libertarian public policy think tank based in chicago, which advocates free market policies.	the heartland institute is an american conservative and libertarian public policy think tank based in chicago, which claims to advocate what it calls free market policies.
alleging that some of these suppliers have not paid back the taxes owed to it, qubec revenue agency is unjustly holding kitco responsible for these unremitted taxes.	alleging that some of these suppliers have not paid back the taxes owed to it, qubec revenue agency is holding kitco responsible for these unremitted taxes.
in contrast, a retailer has paid no tax on goods under a sales tax regime .	in contrast, a retailer has paid no tax on goods under a sales tax system .
mormon antagonists refer to the penalty as a blood oath, because it required the participant to swear never to reveal certain key symbols of the endowment ceremony, including the penalty itself, while symbolically enacting ways in which a person may be executed.	mormon critics refer to the penalty as a blood oath, because it required the participant to swear never to reveal certain key symbols of the endowment ceremony, including the penalty itself, while symbolically enacting ways in which a person may be executed.
yet , the following risks are involved under the condition of rchi declaration.	on the other hand , the following risks are involved under the condition of rchi declaration.
given the huge quantity of hoarded gold, compared to the annual production, the price of gold is mainly affected by changes in sentiment, rather than changes in annual production.	given the huge quantity of stored gold, compared to the annual production, the price of gold is mainly affected by changes in sentiment, rather than changes in annual production.
aida pierce, mexican actress and comedienne , born aida mara zerecero pierce to jos luis zerecero and aida pierce.	aida pierce, mexican actress and comedian , born aida mara zerecero pierce to jos luis zerecero and aida pierce.
the game is best known for its incredibly difficult platforming elements and its unorthodox level design.	the game is best known for having incredibly difficult platforming elements and its unorthodox level design.
the group had its greatest success with the imposition of a 1984 federal law that required states to raise the minimum legal age for purchase and possession (but not the drinking age) to 21 or lose federal highway funding.	the group had its greatest success with the enactment of a 1984 federal law that required states to raise the minimum legal age for purchase and possession (but not the drinking age) to 21 or lose federal highway funding.
in this classic episode, park city, utah is in the midst of the sundance film festival.	in this episode, park city, utah is in the midst of the sundance film festival.
the theory was popular in the 1970's and 1980's when it was used as a heuristic device, but lost importance in the early 1990's as it was falsified by several empirical studies.	the theory was popular in the 1970's and 1980's when it was used as a heuristic device, but lost importance in the early 1990's as it was criticized by several empirical studies.
mike alstott (tampa bay buccaneers) graced the cover of nfl xtreme.	mike alstott (tampa bay buccaneers) appeared on the cover of nfl xtreme.
a popular television sitcom, coach, aired on abc for nine years from 1989-1997. the series starred craig t. nelson as hayden fox, head coach of the fictional division i-a college football team the minnesota state university screaming eagles.	a television sitcom, coach, aired on abc for nine years from 1989-1997. the series starred craig t. nelson as hayden fox, head coach of the fictional division i-a college football team the minnesota state university screaming eagles.
they are alleged have strong ties with the pakistani extremist group, jamaat-e-islami.	they are alleged have strong ties with the pakistani group, jamaat-e-islami.
quinn is a half-assed proponent of a constitutional government that adheres to the guiding principles of the nation's founders.	quinn is a proponent of a constitutional government that adheres to the guiding principles of the nation's founders.
according to eusebius, demetrius published the salacious allegation that origen had secretly castrated himself, a capital offense under roman law at the time and one which would have made origen's ordination invalid, since eunuchs were forbidden from becoming priests.	according to eusebius, demetrius published the allegation that origen had secretly castrated himself, a capital offense under roman law at the time and one which would have made origen's ordination invalid, since eunuchs were forbidden from becoming priests.
billy cranston, a geek from the power rangers universe	billy cranston, a character from the power rangers universe
johnny and the bomb is a brilliant short story about a group of children and the rules and consequences of time travel.	johnny and the bomb is a short story about a group of children and the rules and consequences of time travel.
amin's socialist policies, including nationalizations and expulsion of entrepreneurial indian minority, devastated the economy.	amin's policies, including nationalizations and expulsion of entrepreneurial indian minority, devastated the economy.
kinsella received his bachelor of arts in english from the university of victoria in 1974, his master of fine arts in english through the world-renowned iowa writers' workshop at the university of iowa in 1978, and an honorary doctor of literature degree from the university of victoria in 1991.	kinsella received his bachelor of arts in english from the university of victoria in 1974, his master of fine arts in english through the iowa writers' workshop at the university of iowa in 1978, and an honorary doctor of literature degree from the university of victoria in 1991.
this may also help the message board avoid content-control software installed on users' computers or networks, since censorware often blocks access to web pages that contain vulgar language.	this may also help the message board avoid content-control software installed on users' computers or networks, since such software often blocks access to web pages that contain vulgar language.
"hamas ( ams, an acronym of arakat al-muqwamat al-islmiyyah, meaning ""islamic resistance movement"") is an islamic palestinian militant and political organization which includes a paramilitary force, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades."	"hamas ( ams, an acronym of arakat al-muqwamat al-islmiyyah, meaning ""islamic resistance movement"") is an islamic palestinian social and political organization which includes a paramilitary force, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades."
"if a great number of attributes end up being the same as on the definition, a great amount of information can be ""inherited"", and not have to be redundantly specified in the netlist, saving space, and making the design easier to read by both machines and men ."	"if a great number of attributes end up being the same as on the definition, a great amount of information can be ""inherited"", and not have to be redundantly specified in the netlist, saving space, and making the design easier to read by both machines and people ."
this amazing roller coaster was originally designed by swiss designer ronald bussink, manufactured by local companies, and built by the park themselves.	this roller coaster was originally designed by swiss designer ronald bussink, manufactured by local companies, and built by the park themselves.
however, in 1974 he claimed to have discovered an intricate numerical pattern in the text of the qur'an involving the number 19 prophecized in surah 74. the pattern involves counting of words and letters, and calculations involving the numerical equivalents of the letters.	however, in 1974 he claimed to have discovered an intricate numerical pattern in the text of the qur'an involving the number 19 mentioned in surah 74. the pattern involves counting of words and letters, and calculations involving the numerical equivalents of the letters.
sadly they lost the final 5-1 against tauro f.c.	however they lost the final 5-1 against tauro f.c.
the charge was finally dismissed on 26 october and he was released.	the charge was dismissed on 26 october and he was released.
the town is situated in a lush rolling parkland, with intermittent coulees containing steady-flowing creeks running into the qu'appelle valley, poplar bluffs and sloughs.	the town is situated in a rolling parkland, with intermittent coulees containing steady-flowing creeks running into the qu'appelle valley, poplar bluffs and sloughs.
for a period many believed, on the basis of weak stylistic evidence researched by donald foster, that shakespeare wrote a funeral elegy for william peter.	for a period many believed, on the basis of stylistic evidence researched by donald foster, that shakespeare wrote a funeral elegy for william peter.
iit muddenahalli, located at the birthplace of legendary engineer sri mokshagundam visvesvarayya, is set to be completed by 2012 as part of the 11th five year plan .	iit muddenahalli, located at the birthplace of engineer sri mokshagundam visvesvarayya, is set to be completed by 2012 as part of the 11th five year plan .
fahrenheit 9/11 is a controversial, award-winning documentary film by american left-wing filmmaker michael moore which presents a critical look at the presidency of george w. bush, the war on terrorism, and its coverage in the american news media.	fahrenheit 9/11 is a controversial, award-winning documentary film by american filmmaker michael moore which presents a critical look at the presidency of george w. bush, the war on terrorism, and its coverage in the american news media.
enenche was born in the ancient city of orokam in benu.	enenche was born in the city of orokam in benu.
in contrast, the u.s. state of new york is notorious for its permissive filing system, which was modified in 1992 but still largely operates in its traditional form in certain lower courts.	in contrast, the u.s. state of new york is known for its permissive filing system, which was modified in 1992 but still largely operates in its traditional form in certain lower courts.
"in a 2001 interview, kinkade proclaimed , ""i am really the most controversial artist in the world."""	"in a 2001 interview, kinkade said , ""i am really the most controversial artist in the world."""
the monster-like band earns the most points ever given in the 51-year-old contest.	the band earns the most points ever given in the 51-year-old contest.
he returned to kenya in september 24th, 1930 in the midst of much debate over female circumcision .	he returned to kenya in september 24th, 1930 in the midst of much debate over female genital cutting .
many of coach k's assistants, such as mike brey, tommy amaker, quin snyder, and jeff capel, have become head basketball coaches at other major universities.	many of coach k's assistants, such as mike brey, tommy amaker, quin snyder, and jeff capel, have become head basketball coaches at major universities.
the broadcast was criticized for presenting a one-sided and highly partisan perspective in documentary format.''	the broadcast was criticized for presenting a one-sided and partisan perspective in documentary format.''
there are also scenes of the band members engaging in disguisting behavior, from the band's former bassist andy stokes engaging in slow motion sexual acts with a stuffed bear, to the band at a party using a funnel to insert alcohol into one of the member's sphincter.	there are also scenes of the band members engaging in odd behavior, from the band's former bassist andy stokes engaging in slow motion sexual acts with a stuffed bear, to the band at a party using a funnel to insert alcohol into one of the member's sphincter.
ultima thule ambient music, long-running australian radio show	ultima thule ambient music, australian radio show
in 1999, concord records was purchased by a consortium led by hal gaba and his longtime associate legendary television producer norman lear, and moved its offices in 2002 from concord to beverly hills.	in 1999, concord records was purchased by a consortium led by hal gaba and his longtime associate , television producer norman lear, and moved its offices in 2002 from concord to beverly hills.
they do not introduce any new letters or symbols, unlike the radical proposals of the shavian, deseret and fonetikspell alphabets	they do not introduce any new letters or symbols, unlike the proposals of the shavian, deseret and fonetikspell alphabets
hydrogen cyanide in the form of zyklon b was used in several of the nazi extermination camps, such as the auschwitz complex, to murder victims of the holocaust.	hydrogen cyanide in the form of zyklon b was used in several of the nazi extermination camps, such as the auschwitz complex, to execute victims of the holocaust.
elizabeth lee mcgovern (born july 18, 1961) is an american film, television, and theater actress , and musician.	elizabeth lee mcgovern (born july 18, 1961) is an american film, television, and theater actor , and musician.
it was centered near the city of muzaffarabad, and also affected pakistan's khyber pakhtunkhwa province and the indian occupied state of jammu and kashmir.	it was centered near the city of muzaffarabad, and also affected pakistan's khyber pakhtunkhwa province and the indian state of jammu and kashmir.
madonna (entertainer), an american pop megastar and actress	madonna (entertainer), an american pop singer and actress
in june 2015, the ruling third reich orbn government launched a poster campaign during the intensifying european migrant crisis.	in june 2015, the ruling third orbn government launched a poster campaign during the intensifying european migrant crisis.
christmas is an annual holiday that marks the alleged birth of jesus of nazareth.	christmas is an annual holiday that marks the birth of jesus of nazareth.
the terrorist group eta (basque homeland and freedom) is trying to achieve basque independence through violent means, including bombings and killings of politicians and police.	the paramilitary group eta (basque homeland and freedom) is trying to achieve basque independence through violent means, including bombings and killings of politicians and police.
these issues led for him to move to maui, where he struggled to record a so-called disco album.	these issues led for him to move to maui, where he struggled to record a disco album.
with 20,000 cubans estimated to have been murdered at the hands of batista's accomplices, and a survey at the time showing 93% public approval for the tribunal process, the newly empowered cuban government along with guevara concurred.	with 20,000 cubans estimated to have been killed at the hands of batista's accomplices, and a survey at the time showing 93% public approval for the tribunal process, the newly empowered cuban government along with guevara concurred.
the number of indigenous people in brazil has declined sharply from a pre-columbian high of an estimted 5-6 million to just 100,000 in 1950. ovr the past fifty years, efforts have been underway to protect the country's native peoples, and the population has risen again to some 300,000 (1997) in some 200 tribal groupings.	the number of indigenous people in brazil has declined sharply from a pre-columbian high of an estimted 5-6 million to just 100,000 in 1950. over the past fifty years, efforts have been underway to protect the country's native peoples, and the population has risen again to some 300,000 (1997) in some 200 tribal groupings.
mahogany rush is a canadian rock band led by virtuoso guitarist frank marino.	mahogany rush is a canadian rock band led by guitarist frank marino.
in 2008, buffett became the richest man in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion by forbes and at $58 billion by yahoo, dethroning bill gates, who had been number one on the forbes list for 13 consecutive years.	in 2008, buffett became the richest person in the world, with a total net worth estimated at $62 billion by forbes and at $58 billion by yahoo, dethroning bill gates, who had been number one on the forbes list for 13 consecutive years.
in the twenty-first century claims began to appear, mainly in various news media, stating that poland had been excluded from the parade .	in the twenty-first century assertions began to appear, mainly in various news media, stating that poland had been excluded from the parade .
the northerners were especially successful in taking control of southern railroads, abetted by state legislatures.	the northerners were especially successful in taking control of southern railroads, aided by state legislatures.
"after june of 2006 ted stevens becomes the subject of much hillarity due to his speech about ""the internets"", many sites are created on ytmnd about his speech on the internet and he becomes a popular fad all over ""the internets"", also being intermixed with other such fads as lex luthor , the midieval times , or adam sadler ."	"after june of 2006 ted stevens has become the subject of much hillarity due to his speech about ""the internets"", many sites are created on ytmnd about his speech on the internet and he becomes a popular fad all over ""the internets"", also being intermixed with other such fads as lex luthor , the midieval times , or adam sadler ."
many fussy fans would like to see it re-released undoctored, but warner brothers has shown no sign of intending to do this.	many fans would like to see it re-released undoctored, but warner brothers has shown no sign of intending to do this.
"the term ""dr. multimillionaire"" refers to the name ""dr. millionaire"" the republican smear campaign used to refer to kagen during the 2006 campaign."	"the term ""dr. multimillionaire"" refers to the name ""dr. millionaire"" the republican campaign used to refer to kagen during the 2006 campaign."
china, people's republic of : see rail transport in mainland china	china, people's republic of : see rail transport in the people's republic of china
"some have even campaigned for bringing ""closure"" to star trek: enterprise, the ratings-challenged fifth series that was cancelled after only four seasons, or somehow involving popular enterprise season four co-executive producer manny coto or writers judith and garfield reeves-stevens in the development of xi."	"some have even campaigned for bringing ""closure"" to star trek: enterprise, the ratings-challenged fifth series that was cancelled after four seasons, or somehow involving popular enterprise season four co-executive producer manny coto or writers judith and garfield reeves-stevens in the development of xi."
conservapedia is a wiki-based web encyclopedia project written from an american social conservative and conservative christian point of view.	conservapedia is a wiki-based web encyclopedia project written from an americentric , social conservative and conservative christian point of view.
"this release features the hit songs ""real"", ""sink-n-swim"", ""free"" and ""boys don't cry""."	"this release features the songs ""real"", ""sink-n-swim"", ""free"" and ""boys don't cry""."
"the album is comprised of burned-out torch-style songs (""lose my breath,"" ""no more sorry,"" and ""all i need""), jagged grunge onslaughts (""you're still in a dream,"" ""feed me with your kiss,"" ""sueisfine"") and dream-pop surfaces (""cupid come,"" ""i can see it but i can't feel it""), linked together by the band's masterful use of pop hooks, indie-rock intensity and pure noise."	"the album is comprised of burned-out torch-style songs (""lose my breath,"" ""no more sorry,"" and ""all i need""), jagged grunge onslaughts (""you're still in a dream,"" ""feed me with your kiss,"" ""sueisfine"") and dream-pop surfaces (""cupid come,"" ""i can see it but i can't feel it""), linked together by the band's use of pop hooks, indie-rock intensity and pure noise."
in the late 19th century, the kingdom of italy opened various schools in the regions of ioannina and preveza in order to influence the local albanian population.	in the late 19th century, the kingdom of italy opened various schools in the regions of ioannina and preveza in order to influence the local population.
if the teutones really came from the same quarter as the cimbri, it is possible that their name may have been preserved in the thyland or thythsyssel regions, found in the extreme north-west of jutland.	if the teutones really came from the same quarter as the cimbri, it is possible that their name may have been preserved in the thyland or thythsyssel regions, found in the far north-west of jutland.
the two of them translated full time between april and early june 1829, and then moved to fayette, new york where they continued to work at the home of cowdery's friend peter whitmer.	the two of them work on the translation full time between april and early june 1829, and then moved to fayette, new york where they continued to work at the home of cowdery's friend peter whitmer.
archaeologists have learned much about the early archaic people of florida from the spectacular discoveries made at windover pond.	archaeologists have learned much about the early archaic people of florida from the discoveries made at windover pond.
the holy temple is situated in the vally amidst panoramic scenes and fascinating greenery.	the holy temple is situated in the vally amidst panoramic scenes and greenery.
around the time of the mass protests against the springbok rugby tour of new zealand in 1981, he associated with mori radicals such as donna awatere, dun mihaka, syd jackson and ripeka evans who sought to put mori nationalism on the political agenda.	around the time of the mass protests against the springbok rugby tour of new zealand in 1981, he associated with mori activists such as donna awatere, dun mihaka, syd jackson and ripeka evans who sought to put mori nationalism on the political agenda.
hence, maltese history books published during the rule of the knights of st. john, at a time when malta and gozo suffered repeated razzias at the hands of the ottomans and barbary corsairs, promoted the myth of a continuous, roman catholic, native maltese population, that somehow survived despite the arab conquest of malta and the depopulation that followed.	hence, maltese history books published during the rule of the knights of st. john, at a time when malta and gozo suffered repeated razzias at the hands of the ottomans and barbary corsairs, promoted the idea of a continuous, roman catholic, native maltese population, that somehow survived despite the arab conquest of malta and the depopulation that followed.
sachin bansal (born august 5, 1981) is an indian software engineer and internet entrepreneur, known for co-founding india's largest e-commerce platform flipkart.	sachin bansal (born august 5, 1981) is an indian software engineer and internet entrepreneur, known for co-founding india's e-commerce platform flipkart.
at macworld 2007, steve jobs introduced the iphone mobile device and announced a change of name for the company from apple computer, inc. to simply apple, inc., reflecting its longtime focus on the holistic user experience as opposed to the technology behind it.	at macworld 2007, steve jobs introduced the iphone mobile device and announced a change of name for the company from apple computer, inc. to simply apple, inc., reflecting its longtime focus on the user experience as opposed to the technology behind it.
on monday, 15 december, 2008, axxo's 1,000th movie upload - an illicit copy of the second-rate kiefer sutherland horror film mirors - appeared on an internet forum for the darkside release group.	on monday, 15 december, 2008, axxo's 1,000th movie upload - an illicit copy of the kiefer sutherland horror film mirors - appeared on an internet forum for the darkside release group.
initially popular amongst cubans and still admired in more limited circles, his leadership has been marked by the implementation of programs that moderately increased the nation's literacy rate and provided universal healthcare to the cuban populace, tensions with the united states that peaked in the cuban missile crisis of 1962, a close partnership with the soviet union, and protests both domestically and internationally against his political control over the country, as well as dramatic political and social repression.	initially popular amongst cubans and still admired in more limited circles, his leadership has been marked by the implementation of programs that greatly increased the nation's literacy rate and provided universal healthcare to the cuban populace, tensions with the united states that peaked in the cuban missile crisis of 1962, a close partnership with the soviet union, and protests both domestically and internationally against his political control over the country, as well as dramatic political and social repression.
drafted using the restrictive eu food supplements as a blueprint, many health-freedom organizations believe that the eventual effect of these guidelines will be to remove large numbers of the most effective forms of nutrients from the global market, set restrictive upper limits on the dosages of all permitted nutrients, and prevent the sale of all supplements for curative, preventative or therapeutic purposes without a doctors prescription.	drafted using the eu food supplements as a blueprint, many health-freedom organizations believe that the eventual effect of these guidelines will be to remove large numbers of the most effective forms of nutrients from the global market, set restrictive upper limits on the dosages of all permitted nutrients, and prevent the sale of all supplements for curative, preventative or therapeutic purposes without a doctors prescription.
suresh babu is the son of legendary producer dr. d. ramanaidu and elder brother of popular actor venkatesh.	suresh babu is the son of the producer dr. d. ramanaidu and elder brother of popular actor venkatesh.
"regarding this uncanny workmanship, sir flinders petrie remarked; ""merely to place such stones in exact contact would be careful work, but to do so with cement in the joints seems almost impossible: it is to be compared with the finest opticians' work on a scale of acres"""	"regarding this workmanship, sir flinders petrie remarked; ""merely to place such stones in exact contact would be careful work, but to do so with cement in the joints seems almost impossible: it is to be compared with the finest opticians' work on a scale of acres"""
after a period of time -- long or short, this also is a matter of debate -- ali and his party submitted unwillingly .	after a period of time -- long or short, this also is a matter of debate -- ali and his party submitted.
josephine tewson (born 26 february 1939) is an accomplished english actress.	josephine tewson (born 26 february 1939) is an english actress.
due to canada's previous successes with expo 67 and expo 86, as well as the fact north america has not staged an expo since 1986, it is generally believed among promoters that canada would stand a good chance of winning an expo in 2017.	due to canada's previous experiences with expo 67 and expo 86, as well as the fact north america has not staged an expo since 1986, it is generally believed among promoters that canada would stand a good chance of winning an expo in 2017 .
in an alternate futuristic society where humans and anthropomorphic dinosaurs co-exist, a tough police detective named katie coltraine (whoopi goldberg) is paired with a tyrannosaurus named theodore rex (george newbern) to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a ruthless billionaire bent on killing off mankind by creating a new ice age.	in an alternate futuristic society where humans and anthropomorphic dinosaurs co-exist, a tough police detective named katie coltraine (whoopi goldberg) is paired with a tyrannosaurus named theodore rex (george newbern) to find the killer of dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals leading them to a ruthless billionaire bent on killing off humanity by creating a new ice age.
in the ensuing confrontation, most of the bandits are easily killed, but the cowardly leader takes refuge in a hut unseen.	in the ensuing confrontation, most of the bandits are easily killed, but the leader takes refuge in a hut unseen.
heat therapy is extremely useful for back spasms or other conditions.	heat therapy is useful for back spasms or other conditions.
"the 12th-century jewish legal scholar maimonides famously stated that ""it is better and more satisfactory to acquit a thousand guilty persons than to put a single innocent one to death."""	"the 12th-century jewish legal scholar maimonides stated that ""it is better and more satisfactory to acquit a thousand guilty persons than to put a single innocent one to death."""
schlussel is often at the center of controversy from a variety of areas, partly because of her extreme views and partly because of her rhetorical style.	schlussel is often at the center of controversy from a variety of areas, partly because of her views and partly because of her rhetorical style.
in the last decade he published a dozen of groundbreaking books regarding the spread of democracy from territorially defined nation states to a system of global governance that encapsulates the entire world.	in the last decade he published a dozen of books regarding the spread of democracy from territorially defined nation states to a system of global governance that encapsulates the entire world.
many of her songs are filled with fascinating detail and lyrics.	many of her songs are filled with detail and lyrics.
the number of deaths caused by communist /socialist states is a particularly virulent criticism (see criticisms of communism).	the number of deaths caused by communist states is a particularly virulent criticism (see criticisms of communism).
"realvideo he said, ""we know that the israeli intelligence was operating in baghdad after the war was over."	"he said, ""we know that the israeli intelligence was operating in baghdad after the war was over."
on the 6th of august the ukraine police arrested some people, few of whom were alleged israelis in ukraine for selling human organs.	on the 6th of august the ukraine police arrested some people, few of whom were alleged israelis in ukraine on suspicion of selling human organs.
plans have arisen numerous time to extend highway 420 west, either as part of the controversial mid-peninsula highway or to link with the thorold tunnel and highway 406. however, as of 2012, there are no firm proposals in place.	plans have arisen numerous time to extend highway 420 west, either as part of the mid-peninsula highway or to link with the thorold tunnel and highway 406. however, as of 2012, there are no firm proposals in place.
kaplan has presided over a number of notorious cases at the district level, including bridgeman art library v. corel corp., universal v. reimerdes, five borough bicycle club v. the city of new york, the people v. ahmed ghailani, and crandell v. new york college of osteopathic medicine.	kaplan has presided over a number of well-known cases at the district level, including bridgeman art library v. corel corp., universal v. reimerdes, five borough bicycle club v. the city of new york, the people v. ahmed ghailani, and crandell v. new york college of osteopathic medicine.
that over 50% of american households own guns, despite government statistics showing the number is approximately 35%, because guns not listed on any government roll were obviously not counted during the gathering of the government-published statistics.	that over 50% of american households own guns, despite government statistics showing the number is approximately 35%, because guns not listed on any government roll were not counted during the gathering of the government-published statistics.
abdelmalek benhabyles (, born 27 april 1921) is an algerian statesman .	abdelmalek benhabyles (, born 27 april 1921) is an algerian politician.
wayne robert lapierre, jr. (born november 8, 1949) is an american gun rights lobbyist .	wayne robert lapierre, jr. (born november 8, 1949) is an american gun rights activist .
kenneth erwin hagin (august 2, 1917 september 19, 2003) was an influential american charismatic preacher.	kenneth erwin hagin (august 2, 1917 september 19, 2003) was an american charismatic preacher.
american football, known in the united states and canada simply as football (canada also has its own slightly different version, canadian football), is a competitive team sport known for combining strategy with brutality .	american football, known in the united states and canada simply as football (canada also has its own slightly different version, canadian football), is a competitive team sport known for combining strategy with physical play .
guest stars include joey santiago (pixies), anna waronker (that dog.)	guest musicians include joey santiago (pixies), anna waronker (that dog.)
metrication in australia effectively began in 1966 with the successful conversion to decimal currency under the auspices of the decimal currency board.	metrication in australia effectively began in 1966 with the conversion to decimal currency under the auspices of the decimal currency board.
conan and the sorcerer is a fantasy novel written by andrew j. offutt and illustrated by esteban maroto featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian, the first in a trilogy continuing with conan the mercenary and concluding with the sword of skelos.	conan and the sorcerer is a fantasy novel written by andrew j. offutt and illustrated by esteban maroto featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian, the first in a trilogy continuing with conan the mercenary and concluding with the sword of skelos.
a poster from a 1921 eugenics conference proudly displays which u.s. states had by then implemented sterilization legislation.	a poster from a 1921 eugenics conference displays which u.s. states had by then implemented sterilization legislation.
after his passing , edmund bailey o'callaghan took over as editor of the vindicator.	after his death , edmund bailey o'callaghan took over as editor of the vindicator.
it is also known as mandatory military service.	it is also referred to as mandatory military service.
as of 2010 the racial makeup here was 96.4% native american, 3.3% white and 0.2% of two races.	as of 2010 the racial makeup was 96.4% native american, 3.3% white and 0.2% of two races.
he died of a heart attack, ironically two days before christmas 1993, the 18th anniversary of the incorrect confession which led to his conviction and which destroyed his life.	he died of a heart attack, two days before christmas 1993, the 18th anniversary of the incorrect confession which led to his conviction and which destroyed his life.
this victory set the stage for a classic battle against archnemesis england, again in wembley stadium, in the tournament semifinals.	this victory set the stage for a classic battle against england, again in wembley stadium, in the tournament semifinals.
torture of the incarcerated, especially on fanatic communists, was not out of the question.	torture of the incarcerated, especially on communists, was not out of the question.
he also wrote many interesting children's poem of which ibn batuta ka juta is the popular one.	he also wrote many children's poem of which ibn batuta ka juta is the popular one.
robogdii, in antrim and derry , possibly related to the later dl riata	robogdii, in antrim and londonderry , possibly related to the later dl riata
as of september 1, 2005, delta had a total of 52,000 full-time equivalent employees, of which only 18% were represented by unions.	as of september 1, 2005, delta had a total of 52,000 full-time equivalent employees, of which 18% were represented by unions.
the technocratic movement is a small social movement that advocates the optimization of the welfare of human beings, by means of scientific analyses.	the technocratic movement is a social movement that advocates the optimization of the welfare of human beings, by means of scientific analyses.
those who hold to the traditionalist styles of worship see typical contemporary styles as astray from luther's embracing of christ-centered worship.	those who hold to the traditional, more reverent, styles of worship see typical contemporary styles as astray from luther's embracing of christ-centered worship.
malone was famous for his extremely well-defined physique, which rivalled that of bodybuilders.	malone was famous for his extremely well-defined physique, which ressembled that of bodybuilders.
"the daily show (formerly the daily show with craig kilborn, currently the daily show with jon stewart, also known as tds to fans and staffers) is a left-wing half-hour satirical ""fake news"" program produced by and run on the comedy central cable television network in the united states."	"the daily show (formerly the daily show with craig kilborn, currently the daily show with jon stewart, also known as tds to fans and staffers) is a half-hour satirical ""fake news"" program produced by and run on the comedy central cable television network in the united states."
in addition, they all famously wear purity rings on their left-hand ring finger and have vowed not to have premarital sex, which russell brand made fun of during the mtv video music awards, although he later apologised for his negative comments.	in addition, they all famously wear purity rings on their left-hand ring finger and have vowed not to have premarital sex, which russell brand made fun of during the mtv video music awards, although he later apologised for his cynical comments.
already well known in quebec as a powerful stage mother involved in her daughter's career, she later launched her own line of food products, pts de maman dion, and became a host of cooking shows for tva.	already well known in quebec as a stage mother involved in her daughter's career, she later launched her own line of food products, pts de maman dion, and became a host of cooking shows for tva.
he traversed libraries and archives throughout the south, managing to uncover roughly 250 similar instances, though none of which reached the scale of the great nat turner uprising.	he traversed libraries and archives throughout the south, managing to uncover roughly 250 similar instances, though none of which reached the scale of the nat turner uprising.
although the practice has been alleged to pose a serious risk of spreading herpes to the infant.	although the practice has been demonstrated to pose a serious risk of spreading herpes to the infant.
105.2fm is a specialist rock music service mixing modern & classic rock (plus some complementary tracks selected from genres appreciated by rock fans) with stimulating speech for young rock enthusiasts.	105.2fm is a specialist rock music service mixing modern & classic rock (plus some complementary tracks selected from genres appreciated by rock fans) with speech for young rock enthusiasts.
he has given up his intake of junk food and marijuana habit.	he has given up his intake of fast food and marijuana habit.
the company is now part of concentrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of synnex corporation (nyse: snx) and a leading business services company.	the company is now part of concentrix, a wholly owned subsidiary of synnex corporation (nyse: snx) and a business services company.
he is pro- abortion , opposes the second amendment, has introduced many bills increasing penalties for carjacking and car theft, and has criticized the bush administration on national security issues.	he is pro- choice , opposes the second amendment, has introduced many bills increasing penalties for carjacking and car theft, and has criticized the bush administration on national security issues.
"his initial assignment was to create a children's record library for the four-year old company, for which he created the legendary ""bozo the clown"" character."	"his initial assignment was to create a children's record library for the four-year old company, for which he created the ""bozo the clown"" character."
bethany college, is a private liberal arts college located in the beautiful rolling hills of bethany, west virginia.	bethany college, is a private liberal arts college located in the rolling hills of bethany, west virginia.
the violinists who have obtained the acknowledgement are dora schwartzberg, usa, winner of the first edition in 1979, luca fanfoni, italy (1988), silvia simionescu, romania (1990) gabriele pieranunzi, italy (1993), anton sokorow, russia (1999), alexis nagovitsyn, russia (2001) (who died tragically a few days after his performance in brescia) and yusuke hayashi, japan (2010).	the violinists who have obtained the acknowledgement are dora schwartzberg, usa, winner of the first edition in 1979, luca fanfoni, italy (1988), silvia simionescu, romania (1990) gabriele pieranunzi, italy (1993), anton sokorow, russia (1999), alexis nagovitsyn, russia (2001) (who died a few days after his performance in brescia) and yusuke hayashi, japan (2010).
demonic possession is the superstitious belief in a form of spiritual possession; specifically, one or more demons are said to enter a living or dead human or animal body or an object with the intention of using it for a purpose, normally evil but sometimes instead as a punishment or test.	demonic possession is the belief in a form of spiritual possession; specifically, one or more demons are said to enter a living or dead human or animal body or an object with the intention of using it for a purpose, normally evil but sometimes instead as a punishment or test.
these included the guns of navarone (1961), and the pink panther (1963), murder by death (1976), death on the nile (1978), and the sea wolves (1980), but also a lot of unmemorable films.	these included the guns of navarone (1961), and the pink panther (1963), murder by death (1976), death on the nile (1978), and the sea wolves (1980), but also a lot of less memorable films.
the israel defense forces (idf) remained there after the south lebanon army's (sla's) retreat during the years 19831985. this freed most of the lebanese territory that were seized during operation peace for galilee, the first lebanon war, which began in 1982. the idf retreated from the security belt to israel's international border in 2000. israel's stated purpose for the security zone was to create a space that separates the northern border towns and terrorists residing in lebanon.	the israel defense forces (idf) remained there after the south lebanon army's (sla's) retreat during the years 19831985. this freed most of the lebanese territory that were seized during operation peace for galilee, the first lebanon war, which began in 1982. the idf withdrew from the security belt to israel's international border in 2000. israel's stated purpose for the security zone was to create a space that separates the northern border towns and terrorists residing in lebanon.
the killing of ojeda ros has been mourned by members of the puerto rican independence movement and by puerto ricans in general, who have expressed their indignation through repeated protests.	the death of ojeda ros has been mourned by members of the puerto rican independence movement and by puerto ricans in general, who have expressed their indignation through repeated protests.
this terrible act would have been one of the glazar familys first warnings of the horrific events to follow, and fearing for his safety, his family sent him to a farm outside prague in 1940. glazar stayed there for two years.	this act would have been one of the glazar familys first warnings of the horrific events to follow, and fearing for his safety, his family sent him to a farm outside prague in 1940. glazar stayed there for two years.
mario rodgers was the runner-up on the wb's superstar usa, a fake reality show that was looking for the worst singers while convincing the contestants that they were actually good.	mario rodgers was the runner-up on the wb's superstar usa, a spoof reality show that was looking for the worst singers while convincing the contestants that they were actually good.
howe's anti-mormon book mormonism unvailed, but does not actually list the book itself in his bibiography.	howe's book mormonism unvailed, but does not actually list the book itself in his bibiography.
a christian is a person whom adheres to christianity, a monotheistic religion centered on the life and teachings of blessed jesus christ as presented in the new testament.	a christian is a person whom adheres to christianity, a monotheistic religion centered on the life and teachings of jesus christ as presented in the new testament.
the drudge report is a conservative news aggregation website run by matt drudge.	the drudge report is a news aggregation website run by matt drudge.
after just 72 days of marriage, kardashian filed for divorce from humphries on october 31, 2011, citing irreconcilable differences and asked the court to order humphries to pay his own legal expenses.	after 72 days of marriage, kardashian filed for divorce from humphries on october 31, 2011, citing irreconcilable differences and asked the court to order humphries to pay his own legal expenses.
there are some discrepancies between how it is enabled by the central union government and by individual states and union territories.	there are some differences between how it is enabled by the central union government and by individual states and union territories.
netjets is generally seen as insuperior to air partner plc in the private aviation market.	netjets is generally seen as a competitor to air partner plc in the private aviation market.
unfortunately , culpepper struggled with turnovers in the first 11 games of the 2001 season, throwing 13 interceptions and only 14 touchdown passes.	however , culpepper struggled with turnovers in the first 11 games of the 2001 season, throwing 13 interceptions and only 14 touchdown passes.
tullio pinelli (24 june 1908 – 7 march 2009) was an award-winning italian screenwriter best known for his work on the federico fellini classics i vitelloni, la strada, la dolce vita and 8.	tullio pinelli (24 june 1908 – 7 march 2009) was an italian screenwriter best known for his work on the federico fellini classics i vitelloni, la strada, la dolce vita and 8.
creationism is the religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam) or deities.	creationism is the belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam) or deities.
after three seasons of consistent (and consistently healthy) play for southland, saunders was again included in the highlanders squad for the 2011 super rugby season, although sadly his season was interrupted by the death of his father while the team was in south africa.	after three seasons of consistent (and consistently healthy) play for southland, saunders was again included in the highlanders squad for the 2011 super rugby season, although his season was interrupted by the death of his father while the team was in south africa.
the position is manned between april and october by two persons.	the position is staffed between april and october by two persons.
the grateful citizens abandon their ancestral paganism and convert to christianity.	the citizens abandon their ancestral paganism and convert to christianity.
in 1912 rosenberger published a reformed version of neutral called reform-neutral.	in 1912 rosenberger published a reformed version of neutral called .
the brutal atacama salt flats.	the uneven atacama salt flats.
"when asked whether or not he still deserved the gold medal by a news reporter, hamm indignantly replied that he, ""shouldn't even be dealing with this."""	"when asked whether or not he still deserved the gold medal by a news reporter, hamm replied that he, ""shouldn't even be dealing with this."""
"to pro- choice groups, bork's originalist views and his belief that the constitution does not contain a ""right to privacy"" were viewed as a clear signal that, should he become a justice on the supreme court, he would vote to reverse the court's 1973 decision in roe v. wade."	"to pro- abortion rights groups, bork's originalist views and his belief that the constitution does not contain a ""right to privacy"" were viewed as a clear signal that, should he become a justice on the supreme court, he would vote to reverse the court's 1973 decision in roe v. wade."
the civil rights movement and other social movements created a new generation of historians, such as leftist scholar eric foner, who led a reassessment of reconstruction.	the civil rights movement and other social movements created a new generation of historians, such as scholar eric foner, who led a reassessment of reconstruction.
he is now currently playing kevin matheson on the hbo original hit series looking.	he is now currently playing kevin matheson on the hbo original series looking.
some have become reliant on this source of unnatural heat and have ceased migrating to warmer waters.	some have become reliant on this source of artificial heat and have ceased migrating to warmer waters.
the braves unfortunately lost the world series to the toronto blue jays.	the braves however lost the world series to the toronto blue jays.
when news of the murder reached the magistrates, they sent to canterbury for soldiers and a detachment of the 45th foot was despatched from the barracks.	when news of the killing reached the magistrates, they sent to canterbury for soldiers and a detachment of the 45th foot was despatched from the barracks.
josephine porter boardman crane (1873 - 1972) was an american socialite and notable patron of the arts.	josephine porter boardman crane (1873 - 1972) was an american socialite and patron of the arts.
elle macpherson (; born 29 march 1963) is an australian supermodel , actress, and businesswoman.	elle macpherson (; born 29 march 1963) is an australian model , actress, and businesswoman.
plano is also located in pretentious collin county, the richest county in texas and part of the richest 1% of counties in the united states.	plano is also located in collin county, the richest county in texas and part of the richest 1% of counties in the united states.
concerned with the large christian influence in southern japan, as well as the active and somewhat arrogant role the jesuits were playing in the japanese political arena, hideyoshi ordered the expulsion of all missionaries, and placed the city under his direct control.	concerned with the large christian influence in southern japan, as well as the active and what was perceived as the arrogant role the jesuits were playing in the japanese political arena, hideyoshi ordered the expulsion of all missionaries, and placed the city under his direct control.
patricia lake (19231993), american socialite, actress, and radio comedienne	patricia lake (19231993), american socialite, actress, and radio comedian
he got off to a poor start with an own goal against middlesbrough in the carling cup.	he got off to a disappointing start with an own goal against middlesbrough in the carling cup.
"the main weapons in graf's game was her powerful inside-out forehand drive, which earned her the moniker ""frulein forehand,"" and her incredible foot speed."	"the main weapons in graf's game was her powerful inside-out forehand drive, which earned her the moniker ""frulein forehand,"" and her foot speed."
boasting over 3,000 members, fire's campus freedom network consists of students dedicated to fire's mission and to establish a social network for supporters of free speech rights on college campuses.	consisting of over 3,000 members, fire's campus freedom network consists of students dedicated to fire's mission and to establish a social network for supporters of free speech rights on college campuses.
joseph greenberg included uto-aztecan in his widely discussed and highly controversial amerind macro-family along with all native american linguistic families except for eskimo-aleut and na-dene.	joseph greenberg included uto-aztecan in his widely criticized and highly controversial amerind macro-family along with all native american linguistic families except for eskimo-aleut and na-dene.
"linda stasi of the new york post agreed that the series is a hit, exclaiming ""the white queen a royal winner""."	"linda stasi of the new york post agreed that the series is a hit, saying ""the white queen a royal winner""."
her style of singing - influenced at the same time by the deep warm tone of chrissie hynde and the more exotic neo-goth warble of the cocteau twins' liz fraser - was to influence shirley manson, vocalist of american post-grunge pop-rockers garbage, who shamelessly appropriated from curve's template and turned it into what was ultimately mainstream fodder with the trappings of 'edge'.	her style of singing - influenced at the same time by the deep warm tone of chrissie hynde and the more exotic neo-goth warble of the cocteau twins' liz fraser - was to influence shirley manson, vocalist of american post-grunge pop-rockers garbage, who appropriated from curve's template and turned it into what was ultimately mainstream fodder with the trappings of 'edge'.
many beautiful music stations would air a few christmas songs during the season.	many music stations would air a few christmas songs during the season.
brown is sometimes used to refer to brown people in general or sometimes more specifically to the darker skinned indo-aryan and dravidian caucasoids of south asia or to latin americans.	brown is sometimes used to refer to brown people in general or sometimes more specifically to the darker skinned indo-aryan and dravidian of south asia or to latin americans.
prayer is the act of communicating with a deity or spirit in worship.	prayer is the act of attempting to communicate with a deity or spirit in worship.
carlie and terry constitute a vaudeville team in a traveling musical show; also in the company are eddie, the stage manager; bonnie, a comedienne ; and polly, the wardrobe mistress.	carlie and terry constitute a vaudeville team in a traveling musical show; also in the company are eddie, the stage manager; bonnie, a comedian ; and polly, the wardrobe mistress.
besides the ethical problems of stem cell therapy (see stem cell controversy), there is a technical problem of graft-versus-host disease associated with allogeneic stem cell transplantation.	besides the ethical concerns of stem cell therapy (see stem cell controversy), there is a technical problem of graft-versus-host disease associated with allogeneic stem cell transplantation.
the project is actively maintained by andreas steffen who is a professor for security in communications at the university of applied sciences in rapperswil, switzerland.	the project is maintained by andreas steffen who is a professor for security in communications at the university of applied sciences in rapperswil, switzerland.
charles john (chick) lang died march 18, 2010 of natural causes at the age of 83. the maryland jockey club made the name change shortly after his passing .	charles john (chick) lang died march 18, 2010 of natural causes at the age of 83. the maryland jockey club made the name change shortly after his death .
blasphemy laws - nowadays often altered to include blasphemy regardless of religion - still exist in several countries, such as in:	blasphemy laws - nowadays often altered to include blasphemy regardless of religion - exist in several countries, such as in:
on his death he was succeeded by joseph meacham (17421796), who had been a baptist minister in enfield, connecticut, and had , second only to mother ann, the spiritual gift of revelation.	on his death he was succeeded by joseph meacham (17421796), who had been a baptist minister in enfield, connecticut, and was reputed to have , second only to mother ann, the spiritual gift of revelation.
case died easily while vacationing in mexico with his second wife, harriet.	case died while vacationing in mexico with his second wife, harriet.
rumi's major work is masnavi-ye manavi (spiritual couplets), a six-volume poem regarded by many sufis as second in importance only to the holy qur'an.	rumi's major work is masnavi-ye manavi (spiritual couplets), a six-volume poem regarded by many sufis as second in importance only to the qur'an.
he is best known for his roles as dr. owen harper in the bbc series torchwood (200608), karl tanner in the hbo series game of thrones (201314), phillip stryver in the dark knight rises (2012), dr. hermann gottlieb in pacific rim (2013), major edmund hewlett in the amc series turn: washington's spies (2014), and mr. holly in crimson peak (2015).	he is known for his roles as dr. owen harper in the bbc series torchwood (200608), karl tanner in the hbo series game of thrones (201314), phillip stryver in the dark knight rises (2012), dr. hermann gottlieb in pacific rim (2013), major edmund hewlett in the amc series turn: washington's spies (2014), and mr. holly in crimson peak (2015).
at various times in its history, dungeons & dragons has received negative publicity, in particular from some ultraconservative christian groups, for alleged promotion of such practices as devil worship, witchcraft, suicide, and murder, and for topless drawings of female humanoids in the original ad&d manuals (mainly monsters such as harpies, succubi, etc.)	at various times in its history, dungeons & dragons has received negative publicity, in particular from some christian groups, for alleged promotion of such practices as devil worship, witchcraft, suicide, and murder, and for topless drawings of female humanoids in the original ad&d manuals (mainly monsters such as harpies, succubi, etc.)
as of september 2008, he is the 15th highest scorer in the history of the premier league.	as of september 2008, he is the fifteenth- highest scorer in the history of the premier league.
"it is the first court decision to cite the discredited ""new family structure"" research of mark regnerus."	"it is the first court decision to cite the ""new family structure"" research of mark regnerus."
tories generally advocate monarchism, are usually of a high church anglican religious heritage, and are opposed to the radical liberalism of the whig faction.	tories generally advocate monarchism, are usually of a high church anglican religious heritage, and are opposed to the liberalism of the whig faction.
sha tin college, an awesome school in hong kong	sha tin college, an secondary school in hong kong
by contrast, most of lava, the western part of biscay and central and southern areas of navarre are predominantly populated by native speakers of spanish language, either because basque had been replaced by spanish along the centuries, in some areas (most of lava and central navarre), or because it was probably never spoken there, in other areas (encartaciones and southeastern navarre).	by contrast, most of lava, the western part of biscay and central and southern areas of navarre are predominantly populated by native speakers of spanish language, either because basque had been replaced by spanish along the centuries, in some areas (most of lava and central navarre), or because it was possibly never spoken there, in other areas (encartaciones and southeastern navarre).
category: english people by political orientation	category: british people by political orientation
warner bros. refused to back the film, despite the attention and positive fan reception, but tancharoen did receive the go-ahead to shoot the web series.	warner bros. declined to back the film, despite the attention and positive fan reception, but tancharoen did receive the go-ahead to shoot the web series.
clatworthy is a pretty village in the west somerset district of somerset.	clatworthy is a village in the west somerset district of somerset.
he was saved in 1934 during a christian revival meeting, conducted by mordecai ham.	he claims to have been saved in 1934 during a christian revival meeting, conducted by mordecai ham.
along with cub scouting for younger boys and boy scouting for older boys, venturing and sea scouting provide a program for religious, fraternal, educational, and other community organizations to use for effective character, citizenship, and mental and personal fitness training for youth.	along with cub scouting for younger boys and boy scouting for older boys, venturing and sea scouting provide a program for religious, fraternal, educational, and other community organizations to use for character, citizenship, and mental and personal fitness training for youth.
while most normal people have no ethical objections to eating certain types of animal meat, some object to the act of killing and eating an animal and/or the agricultural practices surrounding the production of meat.	while most people have no ethical objections to eating certain types of animal meat, some object to the act of killing and eating an animal and/or the agricultural practices surrounding the production of meat.
the separatist government has yielded to international pressure and has annouced that it will introduce the proportional representation vote counting system in its next elections in replacement of its current first past the post system.	the separatist government has acceded to international pressure and has annouced that it will introduce the proportional representation vote counting system in its next elections in replacement of its current first past the post system.
"factcheck.org asserted , ""we agree that emanuels meaning is being twisted."""	"factcheck.org stated , ""we agree that emanuels meaning is being twisted."""
he died as a result of stupidity on the set of television series cover up, on which he was the male lead.	he died as a result of a firearms accident on the set of television series cover up, on which he was the male lead.
interstate 270 (abbreviated i-270) is a short 5.3-mile highway in the northeastern part of the denver-aurora metropolitan area.	interstate 270 (abbreviated i-270) is a 5.3-mile highway in the northeastern part of the denver-aurora metropolitan area.
as biofuel, one possible alternative, yields further hazards for the environment and endangers food security, debate is far from over.	as agrofuel , one possible alternative, yields further hazards for the environment and endangers food security, debate is far from over.
in europe it can simply be bought in the supermarket.	in europe it can be bought in the supermarket.
alan martin now lives in a caravan in wales, and has unfortunately not worked since, though he is rumoured to have another project in the pipeline.	alan martin now lives in a caravan in wales, and has not worked since, though he is rumoured to have another project in the pipeline.
the memorable episode ends with archie alone in the bedroom in which he finds one of edith's slippers, at which time he mourns her passing .	the memorable episode ends with archie alone in the bedroom in which he finds one of edith's slippers, at which time he mourns her death .
by the 1960s spain saw progressive economic development and timid democratic improvements.	by the 1960s spain saw progressive economic development and some democratic improvements.
the shakespeare center became the home for numerous equity riverside productions, beginning with romeo and juliet in 1980, directed by w. stuart mcdowell, assisted by jay king, with robert walsh, arleigh richards, george house, barbara tirrell, joe meek, gay reed, curtis watkins, dan johnson, obie story, james mcguire, jim maxson, christopher cull, timothy oman, and, as the nurse, scottish folk singer and comedienne fredi dundee.	the shakespeare center became the home for numerous equity riverside productions, beginning with romeo and juliet in 1980, directed by w. stuart mcdowell, assisted by jay king, with robert walsh, arleigh richards, george house, barbara tirrell, joe meek, gay reed, curtis watkins, dan johnson, obie story, james mcguire, jim maxson, christopher cull, timothy oman, and, as the nurse, scottish folk singer and comedian fredi dundee.
"originally a classically conservative economist, dobbs' views have evolved over time, and he is now a strongly populist critic of the ""excesses of capitalism,"" which he identifies as globalization, offshore outsourcing, illegal immigration, free trade deals, corporate/big business influence in government and the bush administration's tax cuts."	"originally a classically conservative economist, dobbs' views have changed over time, and he is now a strongly populist critic of the ""excesses of capitalism,"" which he identifies as globalization, offshore outsourcing, illegal immigration, free trade deals, corporate/big business influence in government and the bush administration's tax cuts."
collaborations with singer pierre lapointe, qubecois rap group loco locass, and the use of a wide variety of instruments has contributed to the album's success in addition to audio engineer/record producer ryan battistuzzi's (we are wolves, death from above 1979, blessed by a broken heart) excellent production work.	collaborations with singer pierre lapointe, qubecois rap group loco locass, and the use of a wide variety of instruments has contributed to the album's success in addition to audio engineer/record producer ryan battistuzzi's (we are wolves, death from above 1979, blessed by a broken heart) production work.
marina sirtis (born march 29 1955 ) is a british-american actress who is most noted for playing the comely half-human half-betazoid counselor deanna troi on the television and film series star trek: the next generation.	marina sirtis (born march 29 1955 ) is a british-american actress who is most noted for playing the half-human half-betazoid counselor deanna troi on the television and film series star trek: the next generation.
"appreciative critics have also noted the superb craftsmanship and compression of poems such as ""in my craft or sullen art"" and the rhapsodic lyricism of ""fern hill'""."	"appreciative critics have also noted the craftsmanship and compression of poems such as ""in my craft or sullen art"" and the rhapsodic lyricism of ""fern hill'""."
"an international delegation from more than 30 countries including bolivia, brazil, cuba, ecuador, india, iran, iraq, nicaragua, russia, south africa and venezuela issued a statement claiming the election was ""free, fair and transparent""."	"an international delegation from more than 30 countries including bolivia, brazil, cuba, ecuador, india, iran, iraq, nicaragua, russia, south africa and venezuela issued a statement stating the election was ""free, fair and transparent""."
furthermore , some passages in the mishnah (yebamoth 16:7; ketubot 2:5; eduyot 3:6) indicate that women could give testimony if there was no male witness available.	however , some passages in the mishnah (yebamoth 16:7; ketubot 2:5; eduyot 3:6) indicate that women could give testimony if there was no male witness available.
in early april 1987 the government charged in court that larouche enterprises may have been trying to sell properties for cash, in order to more easily conceal their assets and avoid paying $21.4 million in contempt of court fines.	in early april 1987 the government charged in court that larouche companies and science foundation may have been trying to sell properties for cash, in order to more easily conceal their assets and avoid paying $21.4 million in contempt of court fines.
the station is located at , near the jordanhill campus of the university of strathclyde in glasgow, and the high-performing jordanhill grammar school.	the station is located at , near the jordanhill campus of the university of strathclyde in glasgow, and the jordanhill grammar school.
"there has been some controversy surrounding the use of the term ""garbage patch"" and photos taken off the coast of manila in the philippines in attempts to portray the patch in the media often misrepresenting the true scope of the problem and what could be done to solve it."	"there has been some controversy surrounding the alarmist overtones of the term ""garbage patch"" and photos taken off the coast of manila in the philippines in attempts to portray the patch in the media often misrepresenting the true scope of the problem and what could be done to solve it."
on may 9, 2014, nbc cancelled believe after only one season.	on may 9, 2014, nbc cancelled believe after one season.
he attempted to reform the communist regime during the prague spring but he was forced to resign following the warsaw pact invasion of czechoslovakia.	he attempted to reform the communist government during the prague spring but he was forced to resign following the warsaw pact invasion of czechoslovakia.
the familiar ce mark found on the back of many electronic devices, for example, means that the product has obtained type approval in the european union.	the ce mark found on the back of many electronic devices, for example, means that the product has obtained type approval in the european union.
the 2006 israel-gaza conflict refers to the series of battles between palestinian people and the israel defense forces (idf).	the 2006 israel-gaza conflict refers to the series of battles between palestinian militants and the israel defense forces (idf).
this makes it very toxic and a possible source of pollution.	this makes it very caustic and a possible source of pollution.
"while creator shonda rhimes was being asked about the incident, washington unexpectedly stepped in front of the microphone and lied : ""no, i did not call t.r."	"while creator shonda rhimes was being asked about the incident, washington unexpectedly stepped in front of the microphone and responded : ""no, i did not call t.r."
"a good list of ""gotchas"" may be found in hal fulton's book the ruby way, pages 48-64 (isbn 0-672-32884-4)."	"a list of ""gotchas"" may be found in hal fulton's book the ruby way, pages 48-64 (isbn 0-672-32884-4)."
finchingfield is a charming village situated in the county of essex, in the south-east of england.	finchingfield is a village situated in the county of essex, in the south-east of england.
pat finucane, solicitor murdered by loyalist paramilitaries (d. 1989).	pat finucane, solicitor killed by loyalist paramilitaries (d. 1989).
he is best known for his controversial paleoclimate 'hockey stick' reconstructions of climatic fluctuations over the past several millennia, based on evidence from tree rings, ice cores, corals and other physical proxies.	he is best known for his paleoclimate 'hockey stick' reconstructions of climatic fluctuations over the past several millennia, based on evidence from tree rings, ice cores, corals and other physical proxies.
unlike the french, polish, italian or many other wikipedias, the german one does not contain large collections of bot-generated geographical stubs or similar pseudo articles.	unlike the french, polish, italian or many other wikipedias, the german one does not contain large collections of bot-generated geographical stubs or similar articles.
die partei (english: the political party) is a satirical political party in germany founded in 2004 by editors of the german satirical magazine titanic.	die partei (english: the political party) is a political party in germany founded in 2004 by editors of the german satirical magazine titanic.
"in a letter to john adams, benjamin hichborn describes the atrocities that british lieutenant james drew, of the sloop scorpion, inflicted on warren's body two days after the battle of bunker hill: ""in a day or two after, drew went upon the hill again opened the dirt that was thrown over doctr: warren, spit in his face jump'd on his stomach and at last cut off his head and committed every act of violence upon his body."""	"in a letter to john adams, benjamin hichborn describes the damage that british lieutenant james drew, of the sloop scorpion, inflicted on warren's body two days after the battle of bunker hill: ""in a day or two after, drew went upon the hill again opened the dirt that was thrown over doctr: warren, spit in his face jump'd on his stomach and at last cut off his head and committed every act of violence upon his body."""
the film has been extremely well received, with most reviews being positive.	the film has been well received, with most reviews being positive.
"according to the well-regarded all music guide: ""throughout his career with the nice, emerson, lake & palmer, and as a solo artist, keith emerson has proven himself perhaps the greatest, most technically accomplished keyboardist in rock history."""	"according to the all music guide: ""throughout his career with the nice, emerson, lake & palmer, and as a solo artist, keith emerson has proven himself perhaps the greatest, most technically accomplished keyboardist in rock history."""
marie kendall (27 july 1873 5 may 1964) was a british music hall comedienne and actress who had a successful career spanning 50 years.	marie kendall (27 july 1873 5 may 1964) was a british music hall comedian and actress who had a successful career spanning 50 years.
a remarkable spin-off is knights of the dinner table illustrated (a.k.a.	a spin-off is knights of the dinner table illustrated (a.k.a.
nonetheless, they are an informative indicator of the wide-ranging nature of beliefs concerning emotions:	nonetheless, they are an indicator of the wide-ranging nature of beliefs concerning emotions:
focus on road safety and speed - a campaign to reduce the speed of traffic in residential areas, including traffic calming devices, lower residential and urban speed limits, and draconian enforcement of existing laws against speeding.	focus on road safety and speed - a campaign to reduce the speed of traffic in residential areas, including traffic calming devices, lower residential and urban speed limits, and enforcement of existing laws against speeding.
over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with many public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.	over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.
although most of her fans like this song, it unfortunately did not do so well on the charts.	although most of her fans like this song, it did not do so well on the charts.
"however, trump's campaign strategist and counselor, kellyanne conway, defended spicer's inaccurate statements, telling nbc's chuck todd that the press secretary was simply giving ""alternative facts"" and that trump's crowd numbers could not be proved nor quantified."	"however, trump's campaign strategist and counselor, kellyanne conway, defended spicer's statements, telling nbc's chuck todd that the press secretary was simply giving ""alternative facts"" and that trump's crowd numbers could not be proved nor quantified."
"male fans of emo found themselves hit with anti-gay slurs, largely a reflection of the style of dress popular within the ""emo scene"" and the purported displays of emotion common in the scene."	"male fans of emo found themselves hit with homosexual slurs, largely a reflection of the style of dress popular within the ""emo scene"" and the purported displays of emotion common in the scene."
goldwater had a mixed record on civil rights.	goldwater had a controversial record on civil rights.
, or is a prestigious private university in kyoto, japan.	, or is a private university in kyoto, japan.
the first longevity narratives were probably the patriarchal/matriarchal myths .	the first longevity narratives were probably the patriarchal/matriarchal claims .
they were arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment while alleged kingpin niels christian nielsen (aka kim peter davy), a danish citizen and member of the ananda marga group, escaped.	they were arrested and sentenced to life imprisonment while alleged organiser niels christian nielsen (aka kim peter davy), a danish citizen and member of the ananda marga group, escaped.
m. sanjayan is an american conservation scientist, writer and emmy-nominated television news contributor, specializing in the role of conservation in improving human well-being, wildlife and the environment.	m. sanjayan is an american conservation scientist, writer and television news contributor, specializing in the role of conservation in improving human well-being, wildlife and the environment.
"according to its web site, its ""vision is to address the array of legal challenges you may encounter in achieving your business goals,"" and, to that end, the group is infamous for its union busting activities."	"according to its web site, its ""vision is to address the array of legal challenges you may encounter in achieving your business goals,"" and, to that end, the group is known for its union busting activities."
parabola (officially known as parabola gnu/linux-libre) is a computer operating system based on the arch gnu/ linux distribution for the i686, x86-64 and mips64 architectures.	parabola (officially known as parabola gnu/linux-libre) is a computer operating system based on the arch linux distribution for the i686, x86-64 and mips64 architectures.
"darby walker appeared as herself in nine episodes of the popular television sitcom ""girl meets world""."	"darby walker appeared as herself in nine episodes of the television sitcom ""girl meets world""."
in a vital collaboration with center for cellular and molecular biology, ccmb, hyderabad, india, estonian biocentre and university of tartu has published dozens of papers on origin and migrations of south asian populations.	in a collaboration with center for cellular and molecular biology, ccmb, hyderabad, india, estonian biocentre and university of tartu has published dozens of papers on origin and migrations of south asian populations.
traditionally, black christians have embraced a metaphorical relationship with israel, but never claimed to be descendents of the israelites.	traditionally, black christians have perceived a metaphorical relationship with israel, but never claimed to be descendents of the israelites.
the burgher monument in donkin street commemorates the fallen rebels .	the burgher monument in donkin street commemorates the fallen boers .
some financial analysts question how competitive the state's weed will be, since it will be taxed twice or three times at 25% in addition to the 10% sales tax, and sell for a projected $12 a gram.	some financial analysts question how competitive the state's cannabis will be, since it will be taxed twice or three times at 25% in addition to the 10% sales tax, and sell for a projected $12 a gram.
"jacob ""jake"" moon is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by joel beckett, who appeared from 30 december 2004 as a regular character."	"jacob ""jake"" moon is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by joel beckett, who appeared from 30 december 2004 as a regular character."
another interesting feature of the language, in common with its sister language lithuanian, that was developed at the time is that proper names from other countries and languages, no matter how obscure, are altered phonetically to fit the phonological system of latvian.	another feature of the language, in common with its sister language lithuanian, that was developed at the time is that proper names from other countries and languages, no matter how obscure, are altered phonetically to fit the phonological system of latvian.
following the islamic revolution of 1978, wildlife conservation was given a lower priority; the asiatic cheetah and its principal prey, gazelles, were hunted, resulting in a rapid decline.	following the revolution of 1978, wildlife conservation was given a lower priority; the asiatic cheetah and its principal prey, gazelles, were hunted, resulting in a rapid decline.
unfortunately , plague broke out in hunyadi's camp three weeks after the lifting of the siege, and he died august 11. he was buried inside the (roman catholic) cathedral of alba iulia (gyulafehrvr), next to his elder brother john.	however , plague broke out in hunyadi's camp three weeks after the lifting of the siege, and he died august 11. he was buried inside the (roman catholic) cathedral of alba iulia (gyulafehrvr), next to his elder brother john.
after two more movies at warner bros., one of which gave her a minor role as a hitman's mistress opposite edward g. robinson in the hit film illegal (1955), she went to new york and appeared in a prominent role in the broadway production of george axelrod's comedy will success spoil rock hunter?	after two more movies at warner bros., one of which gave her a minor role as a hitman's mistress opposite edward g. robinson in the film illegal (1955), she went to new york and appeared in a prominent role in the broadway production of george axelrod's comedy will success spoil rock hunter?
a former researcher at the european organization for nuclear research (cern) (19811982) and the stanford linear accelerator center (slac) (19821983), during which time he made contributions to unified field theory, hagelin is now professor of physics and director of the institute of science, technology and public policy at maharishi university of management (mum).	a former researcher at the european organization for nuclear research (cern) (19811982) and the stanford linear accelerator center (slac) (19821983), during which time he contributed to one of the more successful unified field theorys contributions to unified field theory, hagelin is now professor of physics and director of the institute of science, technology and public policy at maharishi university of management (mum).
after the successful first abwh album, a bizarre series of business deals caused abwh to reunite with the then-current members of yes, who had been out of the public eye while searching for a new lead singer.	after the successful first abwh album, a series of business deals caused abwh to reunite with the then-current members of yes, who had been out of the public eye while searching for a new lead singer.
over 50 civilians have died in these attacks .	over 50 people have died in these attacks .
dogs trust run an upper age policy for adopters, if possible adopters are aged 70 or above then they are sadly deemed too old to adopt a dog.	dogs trust run an upper age policy for adopters, if possible adopters are aged 70 or above then they are deemed too old to adopt a dog.
"in due course, a splendid sikh edifice, sri harmandir sahib (meaning ""the abode of god""), rose in the middle of this tank and became the supreme centre of sikhism."	"in due course, a sikh edifice, sri harmandir sahib (meaning ""the abode of god""), rose in the middle of this tank and became the supreme centre of sikhism."
"the film is an odd retelling of the story of hercules (lou ferrigno) battling the wizard minos (william berger), who uses ""science"" in an attempt to take over the world."	"the film is an retelling of the story of hercules (lou ferrigno) battling the wizard minos (william berger), who uses ""science"" in an attempt to take over the world."
the basic law adopted in 1992 declared that saudi arabia is a monarchy ruled by the sons and grandsons of king abd al aziz al saud, and that the holy qur'an is the constitution of the country, which is governed on the basis of islamic law (shari'a).	the basic law adopted in 1992 declared that saudi arabia is a monarchy ruled by the sons and grandsons of king abd al aziz al saud, and that the qur'an is the constitution of the country, which is governed on the basis of islamic law (shari'a).
despite the controversies between the band and rock, he continued to work with the band up until the 2003 let-down st. anger.	despite the controversies between the band and rock, he continued to work with the band up until the 2003 album st. anger.
}}flwm 1.02 xsession running on debian 7 gnu/ linux	}}flwm 1.02 xsession running on debian 7 linux
ghana international school is a premier coeducational international school located at cantonments in accra ghana.	ghana international school is a coeducational international school located at cantonments in accra ghana.
the show was at its height during the 1980s and 1990s with a very conservative kohl federal government; however, some state governments as well as (though less frequently) eurocrats became the object of its satirical acts.	the show was at its height during the 1980s and 1990s with a conservative kohl federal government; however, some state governments as well as (though less frequently) eurocrats became the object of its satirical acts.
there may also be increases in the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, though it is difficult to connect specific events to global warming.	there may also be changes in the frequency and intensity of extreme weather events, though it is difficult to connect specific events to global warming.
the trial had another unfortunate consequence: it was widely perceived within yugoslavia as a trial of islam as a political system, contributing to a growing paranoia about the trustworthiness of the country's muslims.	the trial had another consequence: it was widely perceived within yugoslavia as a trial of islam as a political system, contributing to a growing paranoia about the trustworthiness of the country's muslims.
"takeshi's castle humorously dubbed as ""mxc"" on america's spike tv"	"takeshi's castle dubbed as ""mxc"" on america's spike tv"
"the red chord is an american deathcore band from revere, massachusetts, formed in 1999. the band comprises vocalist guy kozowyk, guitarist mike ""gunface"" mckenzie, bassist greg weeks and drummer mike justian."	"the red chord is an american heavy metal band from revere, massachusetts, formed in 1999. the band comprises vocalist guy kozowyk, guitarist mike ""gunface"" mckenzie, bassist greg weeks and drummer mike justian."
margaret calvert (born 1936) (77) is a british typographer and graphic designer who, with colleague jock kinneir, designed many of the boring road signs used throughout the united kingdom, as well as the transport font used on road signs and the rail alphabet font used on the british railway system and an early version of the signs used in airports.	margaret calvert (born 1936) (77) is a british typographer and graphic designer who, with colleague jock kinneir, designed many of the road signs used throughout the united kingdom, as well as the transport font used on road signs and the rail alphabet font used on the british railway system and an early version of the signs used in airports.
rebecca corry, comedienne /actress	rebecca corry, comedian /actress
shakespeare's writing (especially his plays) also feature extensive wordplay in which double entendres and clever rhetorical flourishes are repeatedly used.	shakespeare's writing (especially his plays) also feature extensive wordplay in which double entendres and rhetorical flourishes are repeatedly used.
due to the overly religious nature of the puritans, religious fervor added tension to the mix.	due to the strongly religious nature of the puritans, religious fervor added tension to the mix.
sedona's main attraction is its stunning array of red sandstone formations, the red rocks of sedona.	sedona's main attraction is its array of red sandstone formations, the red rocks of sedona.
various dishonest sponsors, including gamefan and efront, promised lowtax payments in exchange for ad space, but none of these companies lived up to their promises.	various sponsors, including gamefan and efront, promised lowtax payments in exchange for ad space, but none of these companies lived up to their promises.
but that journal rejected the longer manuscript based on his thesis, which impressively anticipated later results such as the exp(-1/g) dependence of the quark condensate on the qcd coupling g. barrois then left academic physics.	but that journal rejected the longer manuscript based on his thesis, which anticipated later results such as the exp(-1/g) dependence of the quark condensate on the qcd coupling g. barrois then left academic physics.
they create a beautiful blend of melodies taken from the bulgarian folklore with heavy guitars riffs.	they create a characteristic blend of melodies taken from the bulgarian folklore with heavy guitars riffs.
the literary form is from the middle eastern tradition of the fictional autobiography, in which a character, describing himself as a king, relates his experiences and draws lessons from them, often self-critical.	the literary form is from the middle eastern tradition of the mythical autobiography, in which a character, describing himself as a king, relates his experiences and draws lessons from them, often self-critical.
many influential alumni have passed through highgate school, either masters or indeed old cholmeleians, the name given to old boys of the school.	many notable alumni have passed through highgate school, either masters or indeed old cholmeleians, the name given to old boys of the school.
the emergence of armed paramilitary organisations led to the subsequent warfare over the next three decades.	the emergence of armed paramilitary organisations led to the subsequent violence over the next three decades.
gallery of paintings of milena pavlovic-barili (a distinguished surrealistic artist and poetress ).	gallery of paintings of milena pavlovic-barili (a distinguished surrealistic artist and poet ).
the golden gophers lead the all time series 29-21-2, but have not won a game in lincoln since 1960. the last minnesota team to play at nebraska was the victim of a 56-0 beatdown in 1990.	the golden gophers lead the all time series 29-21-2, but have not won a game in lincoln since 1960. the last minnesota team to play at nebraska was the victim of a 56-0 loss in 1990.
among the irish population however there was considerable support for the third reich due to past british colonial brutality.	among the irish population however there was a small element of support for the third reich due to past british colonial brutality.
christianity is a monotheistic religion centered on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth as recounted in the new testament.	christianity is a monotheistic religion centered on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth as presented in the new testament.
vacant since 1987, david weyrich, a local businessperson , helped rejuvenate the derelict building with an estimates $15 million renovation project completed in 2003.	vacant since 1987, david weyrich, a local businessman , helped rejuvenate the derelict building with an estimates $15 million renovation project completed in 2003.
the september 11 attacks (often referred to as 9/11, pronounced nine-eleven) were a series of coordinated attacks by al-qaeda in the united states on september 11, 2001. on that morning, 19 al-qaeda terrorists hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners.	the september 11 attacks (often referred to as 9/11, pronounced nine-eleven) were a series of coordinated attacks by al-qaeda in the united states on september 11, 2001. on that morning, 19 al-qaeda operatives hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners.
the incident came out only in september 2014, when helsingin sanomat, the leading finnish daily newspaper, published an extensive article on the matter.	the allegations came out only in september 2014, when helsingin sanomat, the leading finnish daily newspaper, published an extensive article on the matter.
1up, on the other hand, gave it a 6.5 out of 10. the average, as told by gamerankings, has been a respectable 78% out of 100%.	1up, on the other hand, gave it a 6.5 out of 10. the average, as told by gamerankings, has been a 78% out of 100%.
there was also concern among anarchists with the growing power of authoritarian communists within the government.	there was also concern among anarchists with the growing power of marxist communists within the government.
however , competing energy sources also receive subsidies.	complicating the matter further , competing energy sources also receive subsidies.
boukreev provides a thorough rebuttal to these allegations in his book, the climb.	boukreev provides a rebuttal to these allegations in his book, the climb.
he is generally recognized by buddhists as the supreme buddha (sammsambuddha) of our age.	he is generally seen by buddhists as the supreme buddha (sammsambuddha) of our age.
"problems of chronological reconciliation dating the death of aesop and the reign of croesus led the great aesop scholar (and compiler of the ""perry index"") ben edwin perry in 1965 to conclude that ""everything in the ancient testimony about aesop that pertains to his associations with either croesus or with any of the so-called seven wise men of greece must be reckoned as literary fiction,"" and perry likewise dismissed aesop's death in delphi as legendary; but subsequent research has established that a possible diplomatic mission for croesus and a visit to periander ""are consistent with the year of aesop's death."""	"problems of chronological reconciliation dating the death of aesop and the reign of croesus led the aesop scholar (and compiler of the ""perry index"") ben edwin perry in 1965 to conclude that ""everything in the ancient testimony about aesop that pertains to his associations with either croesus or with any of the so-called seven wise men of greece must be reckoned as literary fiction,"" and perry likewise dismissed aesop's death in delphi as legendary; but subsequent research has established that a possible diplomatic mission for croesus and a visit to periander ""are consistent with the year of aesop's death."""
the 1998 ncaa division i-a football season was the first of the bowl championship series, which saw tennessee win the national championship,one year after mega star quarterback peyton manning left for the nfl.	the 1998 ncaa division i-a football season was the first of the bowl championship series, which saw tennessee win the national championship, one year after star quarterback peyton manning left for the nfl.
"the riviera (or, colloquially, ""the riv"") is a hotel and casino located on the famed las vegas strip in winchester, nevada."	"the riviera (or, colloquially, ""the riv"") is a hotel and casino located on the las vegas strip in winchester, nevada."
he later achieved significant notoriety as an advocate for progressive political causes and through acting as a defense lawyer in the trials of controversial figures.	he later achieved significant notoriety as an advocate for leftist political causes and through acting as a defense lawyer in the trials of controversial figures.
"tom o'golo, who termed the moral philosophy attributed to jesus as ""jesuanism"" rather than jesuism, explains that paul added several key elements to christian theology that weren't evident in jesus' original teaching."	"tom o'golo, who termed the moral philosophy attributed to jesus as ""jesuanism"" rather than jesuism, asserts that paul added several key elements to christian theology that weren't evident in jesus' original teaching."
a great defense of the new world translation of the holy scriptures	a defense of the new world translation of the holy scriptures
infinite is a popular seven-member south korean pop boy band, formed in 2010 by woollim entertainment.	infinite is a seven-member south korean pop boy band, formed in 2010 by woollim entertainment.
working closely with archibald roosevelt (son of theodore), and his nephew kermit roosevelt, jr., he was instrumental in arranging operation ajax, the 1953 technical coup d'tat against the democratic prime minister of iran, mohammed mossadegh.	working closely with archibald roosevelt (son of theodore), and his nephew kermit roosevelt, jr., he was instrumental in arranging operation ajax, the 1953 technical coup d'tat against the prime minister of iran, mohammed mossadegh.
"the united nations did determine, and celebrate , the ""day of 5 billion"" on july 11, 1987, and the ""day of 6 billion"" on october 12, 1999. the population division of the united nations declared the ""day of 7 billion"" to be october 31, 2011."	"the united nations did determine, and commemorate , the ""day of 5 billion"" on july 11, 1987, and the ""day of 6 billion"" on october 12, 1999. the population division of the united nations declared the ""day of 7 billion"" to be october 31, 2011."
significant damage and possible casualties have been reported from near the epicenter, with at least 13 people feared dead and many more injured.	significant damage and possible casualties have been reported from near the epicenter, with at least 13 people dead and many more injured.
schaffhausen shares an international border with the german village of bsingen am hochrhein, an exclave entirely surrounded by switzerland.	schaffhausen shares an international border with the german village of bsingen am hochrhein, an enclave entirely surrounded by switzerland.
in january 1871, thomas huxley's former disciple, the anatomist st. george mivart, had published on the genesis of species as a devastating critique of natural selection.	in january 1871, thomas huxley's former disciple, the anatomist st. george mivart, had published on the genesis of species as a critique of natural selection.
since their debut album, the band has already sold more than 25,000 records.	since their debut album, the band has sold more than 25,000 records.
the film ends bizarrely with a sequence showing a dancing chicken, a duck playing a bass drum and a rabbit riding a toy fire truck.	the film ends with a sequence showing a dancing chicken, a duck playing a bass drum and a rabbit riding a toy fire truck.
an ancient and alternative way in which women managed to rise to power, especially without displacing the direct male line descendants of the first monarchs, is the historical consortium or coregency between husband and wife or other relatives, the most notorious of these being the cases of hatshepsut and thutmose iii, as well as the ptolemaic dynasty's kings and queens.	an ancient and alternative way in which women managed to rise to power, especially without displacing the direct male line descendants of the first monarchs, is the historical consortium or coregency between husband and wife or other relatives, the most notable of these being the cases of hatshepsut and thutmose iii, as well as the ptolemaic dynasty's kings and queens.
his field studies devastated the ideas of structural-functional stability of kinship groups as corporations with charters that lasted long beyond the lifetimes of individuals, which had been the orthodoxy of british social anthropology.	his field studies criticized the ideas of structural-functional stability of kinship groups as corporations with charters that lasted long beyond the lifetimes of individuals, which had been the orthodoxy of british social anthropology.
amiyawar is a beautiful village situated on the bank of the son river under nasriganj police station in the state of bihar.	amiyawar is a village situated on the bank of the son river under nasriganj police station in the state of bihar.
soul of man presents: y4k: breakin' in tha house is the 10th entry in the popular y3k/y4k series.	soul of man presents: y4k: breakin' in tha house is the 10th entry in the y3k/y4k series.
gaultier, a designer notorious for emphasizing sexuality through the use of fetishized garments, was one of the first to make the corset an integral part of his work.	gaultier, a designer famous for emphasizing sexuality through the use of fetishized garments, was one of the first to make the corset an integral part of his work.
soviet law specified that a soviet soldier's surrender constituted treason which was punishable by death or imprisonment and seizure of the unfortunate soldier's property.	soviet law specified that a soviet soldier's surrender constituted treason which was punishable by death or imprisonment and seizure of the soldier's property.
poitier and wilder became friends, with the pair working together on a script called traceswhich became 1982's hanky panky, the film where wilder met comedienne gilda radner.	poitier and wilder became friends, with the pair working together on a script called traceswhich became 1982's hanky panky, the film where wilder met comedian gilda radner.
isabeli bergossi fontana (born july 4, 1983) is a brazilian supermodel .	isabeli bergossi fontana (born july 4, 1983) is a brazilian model .
the people entering were unaware of the problems being experienced at the fence — police or stewards would normally stand at the entrance to the tunnel if these central pens had reached capacity and would direct fans to the side pens, but on this occasion did not, for reasons which have never been adequately explained.	the people entering were unaware of the problems being experienced at the fence — police or stewards would normally stand at the entrance to the tunnel if these central pens had reached capacity and would direct fans to the side pens, but on this occasion did not, for reasons which have never been completely explained.
the popular budweiser brand of beer is one example of a pilsner.	the budweiser brand of beer is one example of a pilsner.
it is this tradition that african bondsmen and women have transmitted over the years in various forms of expression in religious observance; public gatherings; even in children's rhymes; and, most notably, in black music in its multiple forms: gospel, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz and jazz extensios, hip-hop and go-go.	it is this tradition that african bondsmen and women have transmitted over the years in various forms of expression in religious observance; public gatherings; even in children's rhymes; and, most notably, in music in its multiple forms: gospel, blues, rhythm and blues, jazz and jazz extensios, hip-hop and go-go.
he was a great captain, environmentalist and a military strategist.	he was a captain, environmentalist and a military strategist.
his arguments are hotly debated amongst those in the skeptic community and have not yet gained the acceptance of any mainstream scientific organizations.	his arguments are hotly debated amongst those in the skeptic community and have not gained the acceptance of any mainstream scientific organizations.
"the first, ""kiss with a fist"", was released well before the final recording of the album, on 9 june 2008. it charted at number fifty-one on the uk singles chart."	"the first, ""kiss with a fist"", was released before the final recording of the album, on 9 june 2008. it charted at number fifty-one on the uk singles chart."
like john proctor and witchcraft, miller refused to acquiesce to the irrational fear of communism during an age of mccarthyism and the second red scare.	like john proctor and witchcraft, miller refused to acquiesce to the fear of communism during an age of mccarthyism and the second red scare.
the causeway is illuminated at night by a stunning design by robert daniels of brilliant lighting design of miami.	the causeway is illuminated at night by a design by robert daniels of brilliant lighting design of miami.
"new zealand herald journalist brian rudman criticised national's approach as ""indulging mr hide in his fruitcake views on global warming""."	"new zealand herald journalist brian rudman commented that national's approach as ""indulging mr hide in his fruitcake views on global warming""."
the candidate takes the oath of office over an open copy of the constitution next to a holy bible.	the candidate takes the oath of office over an open copy of the constitution next to a bible.
mao's dictatorial rule from 1949 to 1976 is believed to have caused the deaths of more than 80 million people.	mao's policies during his rule from 1949 to 1976 is believed to have caused the deaths of more than 80 million people.
in its place will be the hit game show weakest link, moving from bbc two.	in its place will be the game show weakest link, moving from bbc two.
he was so pleased with george of the jungle that he allowed production to go over-budget, which unfortunately resulted in considerable financial loss, ultimately limiting the series to 17 episodes.	he was so pleased with george of the jungle that he allowed production to go over-budget, which resulted in considerable financial loss, ultimately limiting the series to 17 episodes.
the jewish terrorist forces then united and carried out several attacks against the british.	the jewish underground forces then united and carried out several attacks against the british.
feeders is a 1996 low-budget horror film made by prolific indie film-makers the polonia brothers.	feeders is a 1996 low-budget horror film made by indie film-makers the polonia brothers.
the oxford english dictionary gives three definitions of empire :	the oxford english dictionary gives three definitions of imperialism :
stephen's pretensions to authority as bishop of bishops were sharply resented, and for some time the relations of the roman and african sees were severely strained.	stephen's claims to authority as bishop of bishops were sharply resented, and for some time the relations of the roman and african sees were severely strained.
they defeated university school of milwaukee by a score of 4-3. the football team took home its fourth state title in the fall with a dominating win over homestead.	they defeated university school of milwaukee by a score of 4-3. the football team took home its fourth state title in the fall with a win over homestead.
thankfully , it did not explode or release any radioactive material.	due to the safety measures built into the weapon , it did not explode or release any radioactive material.
in one prominent interpretation of the census results in moldova, moldovans are counted as romanians, which would mean that the latter form the majority in that country as well.	in one interpretation of the census results in moldova, moldovans are counted as romanians, which would mean that the latter form the majority in that country as well.
"according to the book of joshua, god encouraged him to be strong and to cling to the law, which was never to ""depart out of his mouth."""	"according to the book of joshua, the lord encouraged him to be strong and to cling to the law, which was never to ""depart out of his mouth."""
to save money on ink, and to produce accurate black tones, unsaturated and dark colors are produced by using black ink instead of the combination of cyan, magenta and yellow.	to save money on ink, and to produce deeper black tones, unsaturated and dark colors are produced by using black ink instead of the combination of cyan, magenta and yellow.
they failed in this goal, but the irish republic preceeded for the creation of the irish free state, a british commonwealth dominion with self-government, and a territory that extended to the 26 counties originally foreseen in the 1914 home rule act.	they failed in this goal, but the irish republic paved the way for the creation of the irish free state, a british commonwealth dominion with self-government, and a territory that extended to the 26 counties originally foreseen in the 1914 home rule act.
the following year, before deyoung could return from his illness, he was unceremoniously replaced by lawrence gowan.	the following year, before deyoung could return from his illness, he was replaced by lawrence gowan.
terrorist group liberation tigers of tamil eelam militarily defeated	rebel group liberation tigers of tamil eelam militarily defeated
computers with dvi video connectors can use many dvi-equipped hdtv sets as a display; however, due to digital restrictions management, it is not clear whether such systems will eventually be able to play protected content, as the link is not encrypted.	computers with dvi video connectors can use many dvi-equipped hdtv sets as a display; however, due to digital rights management, it is not clear whether such systems will eventually be able to play protected content, as the link is not encrypted.
after his election to the national sierra club steering committee in 2003, watson supported an unsuccessful slate of candidates supporting strict immigration controls as an element of a revolutionary population reduction policy.	after his election to the national sierra club steering committee in 2003, watson supported an unsuccessful slate of candidates supporting strict immigration controls as an element of a population reduction policy.
laura katherine parkinson (born 9 march 1978) is an english actress and comedienne , who is known for playing the part of jen barber in the channel 4 comedy series the it crowd for which she received a bafta tv award nomination in 2011. parkinson was also a main cast member of the uk series doc martin, playing his receptionist from series 2-4.	laura katherine parkinson (born 9 march 1978) is an english actress and comedian , who is known for playing the part of jen barber in the channel 4 comedy series the it crowd for which she received a bafta tv award nomination in 2011. parkinson was also a main cast member of the uk series doc martin, playing his receptionist from series 2-4.
serbia had gained few recruits from its newly acquired territories and its army had to garrison them against albanian insurgents and the threat of bulgarian aggression .	serbia had gained few recruits from its newly acquired territories and its army had to garrison them against albanian insurgents and the threat of bulgarian attack .
he was active as a rock musician for about seven years, recording two albums with pink floyd and two influential solo albums before going into self-imposed seclusion lasting more than thirty years.	he was active as a rock musician for about seven years, recording two albums with pink floyd and two solo albums before going into self-imposed seclusion lasting more than thirty years.
other notable events include the abotech affair, the grewal-reid taping controversy, and the defense of stephen harper from an inflated attack against his leadership by tory dissident carol jamieson.	other notable events include the abotech affair, the grewal-reid taping controversy, and the defense of stephen harper from an attack against his leadership by tory dissident carol jamieson.
flag used by the assad government	flag used by the syrian government
with the course of time, the language of the croats poured itself into all areas of social life, pushing out the romance languages.	with the course of time, the language of the slavs poured itself into all areas of social life, pushing out the romance languages.
zhang zhenshi (19141992) was a famous effigy painter and outstanding fine art educator in china.	zhang zhenshi (19141992) was a famous effigy painter and fine art educator in china.
he is well known for his teaching on jainism and as a spiritual guru of mahatma gandhi.	he is known for his teaching on jainism and as a spiritual guru of mahatma gandhi.
"for over a hundred years, the french have incorrectly used ""anglo-saxon"" to refer to the anglophone societies of britain and the united states, and sometimes (rarely) including canada, australia, new zealand, and south africa."	"for over a hundred years, the french have used ""anglo-saxon"" to refer to the anglophone societies of britain and the united states, and sometimes (rarely) including canada, australia, new zealand, and south africa."
sue lyon (born july 10, 1946 in davenport, iowa) is an american former actress.	sue lyon (born july 10, 1946 in davenport, iowa) is an american actress.
is a controversial dutch feminist, writer, and politician.	is a dutch feminist, writer, and politician.
gavin harrison is a member of the british progressive rock band porcupine tree, in which he plays drums and percussion, having taken over from former drummer chris maitland in 2002. he is also currently playing drums and percussion with legendary band king crimson.	gavin harrison is a member of the british progressive rock band porcupine tree, in which he plays drums and percussion, having taken over from former drummer chris maitland in 2002. he is also currently playing drums and percussion with the band king crimson.
this behaviour can still be obtained in modern versions of rm, such as the gnu coreutils version, with the -d flag.	this behaviour can still be obtained in some versions of rm, such as the gnu coreutils version, with the -d flag.
she is the granddaughter of the comedienne claire schlichting and the niece of the acrobat and comedian jonny buchardt.	she is the granddaughter of the comedian claire schlichting and the niece of the acrobat and comedian jonny buchardt.
she portrayed the role of nandita, a beautiful cabaret dancer in calcutta.	she portrayed the role of nandita, a cabaret dancer in calcutta.
the falklands war , also called the falklands conflict/crisis, was fought in 1982 between argentina and the united kingdom (uk) over the disputed falkland islands and south georgia and the south sandwich islands.	the falklands war , also called the falklands conflict/crisis, was fought in 1982 between argentina and the united kingdom (uk) over the falkland islands and south georgia and the south sandwich islands.
death almost invariably results two to ten days after the first symptoms; the few humans who are known to have survived the disease were all left with severe brain damage, with one recorded exception purportedly resulting from implementation of the milwaukee protocol.	death almost invariably results two to ten days after the first symptoms; the few humans who are known to have survived the disease were all left with severe brain damage, with one recorded exception resulting from implementation of the milwaukee protocol.
sassoon patriotically joined the military just as the threat of world war i was realized, and was in service with the sussex yeomanry on the day britain declared war (august 4, 1914).	sassoon , motivated by patriotism, joined the military just as the threat of world war i was realized, and was in service with the sussex yeomanry on the day britain declared war (august 4, 1914).
"chinese hu lng gu / ""fire dragon fruit"" and lng zh gu ""dragon pearl fruit"", vietnamese thanh long ( blue dragon), indonesian and malaysia buah naga ""dragon fruit"", lao: mark mang gohn ""dragon fruit""."	"chinese hu lng gu / ""fire dragon fruit"" and lng zh gu ""dragon pearl fruit"", vietnamese thanh long ( sweet dragon), indonesian and malaysia buah naga ""dragon fruit"", lao: mark mang gohn ""dragon fruit""."
he is best known as the original creator of the open-source 3d creation suite blender, as chairman of the blender foundation, and for pioneering large scale open-content projects.	he is known as the original creator of the open-source 3d creation suite blender, as chairman of the blender foundation, and for pioneering large scale open-content projects.
on august 4, 2005, eden natan-zada, an awol israel defense forces soldier, murdered four israeli arab citizens and wounded several others when he opened fire on a bus in the northern israeli town of shfaram.	on august 4, 2005, eden natan-zada, an awol israel defense forces soldier, killed four israeli arab citizens and wounded several others when he opened fire on a bus in the northern israeli town of shfaram.
the only major difference is that the studio audience is directly behind the contestants, unlike the american version, where the infamous video wall stands behind the contestants.	the only major difference is that the studio audience is directly behind the contestants, unlike the american version, where the video wall stands behind the contestants.
johnstown is also the proud home of the glove cities colonials semi pro football team, members of the (nfa)northeastern football alliance.	johnstown is also the home of the glove cities colonials semi pro football team, members of the (nfa)northeastern football alliance.
"it is argued that chicago art is rarely found in chicago museums; some of the most remarkable chicago artworks are found in other cities (such as the brilliantly warped epic drawings of henry darger at the american folk art museum in new york, or carlos cortez' magnificent collection of early twentieth-century chicago ""wobbly"" (industrial workers of the world) woodcut prints, now in the walter p. reuther library at wayne state university in detroit."	"it is argued that chicago art is rarely found in chicago museums; some of the most remarkable chicago artworks are found in other cities (such as the brilliantly warped epic drawings of henry darger at the american folk art museum in new york, or carlos cortez' collection of early twentieth-century chicago ""wobbly"" (industrial workers of the world) woodcut prints, now in the walter p. reuther library at wayne state university in detroit."
parsons was found dead in his hotel room on september 19, 1973, from an overdose of drugs and alcohol.	parsons was found dead in his hotel room on september 19, 1973, from an overdose of drugs including alcohol.
charlotte murray, duchess of atholl, the 8th baroness strange (13 october 1731 13 october 1805) was a scottish peeress .	charlotte murray, duchess of atholl, the 8th baroness strange (13 october 1731 13 october 1805) was a scottish peer .
"in 2003 she had a medical accident when her collagen lip implants went horribly wrong and she was left with what the tabloids dubbed a ""trout pout""."	"in 2003 she had a medical accident when her collagen lip implants went wrong and she was left with what the tabloids dubbed a ""trout pout""."
"sacco attempted to defend herself, offering weakly that she (a south african) had intended her tweet to ""mimicand mock what an actual racist, ignorant person would say of south africa."""	"sacco attempted to defend herself, offering that she (a south african) had intended her tweet to ""mimicand mock what an actual racist, ignorant person would say of south africa."""
barnes is also the father of gifted singer david campbell, who recently starred in the australian production of the musical sunset boulevard and was a contestant on the australian television program dancing with the stars.	barnes is also the father of singer david campbell, who recently starred in the australian production of the musical sunset boulevard and was a contestant on the australian television program dancing with the stars.
gnewsense is a gnu/ linux operating system based on ubuntu.	gnewsense is a linux operating system based on ubuntu.
an article in a 1992 edition of paul's ron paul survival report (a newsletter that he had published from 1985) contained disparaging comments concerning race and paul's political opponents.	an article in a 1992 edition of paul's ron paul survival report (a newsletter that he had published from 1985) contained comments concerning race and paul's political opponents.
this is a list of famous danish musicians and singers:	this is a list of notable danish musicians and singers:
on 21 february 2015, barnes was responsible for a horrific challenge on nemanja matic, a chelsea fc player.	on 21 february 2015, barnes was responsible for a challenge on nemanja matic, a chelsea fc player.
among those martyred was prominent talmudist alexander suslin.	among those murdered was prominent talmudist alexander suslin.
ratkeeping grew in popularity in the 1970s, leading to the formation of the british national fancy rat society in 1976. nowadays, fancy rats are accepted as perfectly normal pets and exhibition animals.	ratkeeping grew in popularity in the 1970s, leading to the formation of the british national fancy rat society in 1976. nowadays, fancy rats are accepted as normal pets and exhibition animals.
to achieve consistent success in the medium and long term, the virus dictionary approach requires frequent (generally online) downloads of updated virus dictionary entries.	to achieve consistent success in the medium and long term, the virus dictionary approach requires periodic (generally online) downloads of updated virus dictionary entries.
"the bbc history magazine made the facile comment: ""powell's career was a total failure and with luck he will be forgotten""."	"the bbc history magazine made the comment: ""powell's career was a total failure and with luck he will be forgotten""."
fresco's system assumes the earth is abundant with resources and that our current practice of distributing resources through a price system method is irrelevant and counterproductive to our survival.	fresco's system argues that the earth is abundant with resources and that our current practice of distributing resources through a price system method is irrelevant and counterproductive to our survival.
they seek to base doctrine and practice on the bible alone, and see themselves as recreating the new testament church established by christ.	they seek to base doctrine and practice on the bible alone, and see themselves as continuing the new testament church established by christ.
notable features of the dash 8 design are the large t-tail intended to keep the tail free of propwash during takeoff, a very high aspect ratio wing, the elongated engine nacelles also holding the rearward-folding landing gear and the pointed nose profile.	features of the dash 8 design are the large t-tail intended to keep the tail free of propwash during takeoff, a very high aspect ratio wing, the elongated engine nacelles also holding the rearward-folding landing gear and the pointed nose profile.
in a curious book, bohemia in london by arthur ransome which is a partly fictional account of his early years in london, published in 1907 when he was 23, there are some fascinating, rather over-romanticised accounts of bohemian goings-on in the quarter.	in a book, bohemia in london by arthur ransome which is a partly fictional account of his early years in london, published in 1907 when he was 23, there are some fascinating, rather over-romanticised accounts of bohemian goings-on in the quarter.
liotta studied acting at the university of miami, where he performed at the university's highly-regarded jerry herman ring theatre.	liotta studied acting at the university of miami, where he performed at the university's jerry herman ring theatre.
opponents have characterised it as another exercise in entrenching and extending microsoft's leadership , effectively allowing the company to control all uses of pc technology.	opponents have characterised it as another exercise in entrenching and extending microsoft's dominance , effectively allowing the company to control all uses of pc technology.
henry wise wood is also noted for its outstanding football team, having won several city championships over the years.	henry wise wood is also noted for its football team, having won several city championships over the years.
some major retail and grocery chains have accused simon sheik of manipulating the organisation getup in order to allegedly bully them into supporting the australian carbon tax.	some major retail and grocery chains have accused simon sheik of manipulating the organisation getup in order to allegedly pressure them into supporting the australian carbon tax.
the abolitionist animal rights perspective states that environmental concerns, possible cetacean intelligence, and animal welfare concerns are irrelevant.	the animal rights perspective states that environmental concerns, possible cetacean intelligence, and animal welfare concerns are irrelevant.
in 2004, he directed and produced the passion of the christ portraying the last hours of the life of jesus christ .	in 2004, he directed and produced the passion of the christ , a controversial but successful film that portrayed the last hours of the life of jesus christ .
"dean ""deano"" wicks is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders played by matt di angelo."	"dean ""deano"" wicks is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders played by matt di angelo."
the sultanate was founded on 3 august 1347 by governor ala-ud-din hassan bahman shah, possibly of tajik -persian descent, who revolted against the sultan of delhi, muhammad bin tughluq.	the sultanate was founded on 3 august 1347 by governor ala-ud-din hassan bahman shah, possibly of tajik descent, who revolted against the sultan of delhi, muhammad bin tughluq.
an easy-to-use api (application programming interface) has been created by webshaka, and an ide (integrated development environment) is in development.	an api (application programming interface) has been created by webshaka, and an ide (integrated development environment) is in development.
"magna carta (latin; ""the great charter""), also called magna carta libertatum (latin; ""the great charter of the liberties of england""), was a charter issued by king john at runnymede, near windsor, england, on 15 june 1215. originally an attempt to negotiate a peace between the unpopular king and a group of rebel barons, overseen by the archbishop of canterbury, it promised the protection of church rights, protection for the barons from illegal imprisonment, access to swift justice and limitations on feudal payments to the crown, to be implemented through a council of 25 neutral barons."	"magna carta (latin; ""the great charter""), also called magna carta libertatum (latin; ""the great charter of the liberties of england""), was a charter issued by king john at runnymede, near windsor, england, on 15 june 1215. originally an attempt to negotiate a peace between the unpopular king and a group of rebel barons, overseen by the archbishop of canterbury, it promised the protection of church rights, protection for the barons from illegal imprisonment, access to swift justice and limitations on feudal payments to the crown, to be implemented through a council of 25 barons."
to submit an app for consideration, the developer (or his/her company) must be a member of the apple developer program.	to submit an app for consideration, the developer (or their company) must be a member of the apple developer program.
in recent years, many jews have criticised the morality and expediency of israel's continued occupation of the territories captured in 1967.	in recent years, many jews have criticised the morality and expediency of israel's continued control of the territories captured in 1967.
many deserving men and women have been awarded the order of prince danilo i over time including foreigners.	many men and women have been awarded the order of prince danilo i over time including foreigners.
he resigned in 1999, after the kurdish terrorist leader abdullah calan illegally entered and left greece and was eventually arrested leaving the greek embassy at nairobi.	he resigned in 1999, after the kurdish nationalist leader abdullah calan illegally entered and left greece and was eventually arrested leaving the greek embassy at nairobi.
though the tomato was introduced from the spanish new world to european botanists in the 16th century, tomato sauce made a surprisingly late entry in italian cuisine: in antonio latini's cookbook lo scalco alla moderna (naples, 1692).	though the tomato was introduced from the spanish new world to european botanists in the 16th century, tomato sauce made a relatively late entry in italian cuisine: in antonio latini's cookbook lo scalco alla moderna (naples, 1692).
invasion (710756)	conquest (710756)
hybris or libhybris is a compatibility layer for computers running a gnu/ linux variant (based on glibc or eglibc) to load software written for bionic-based linux systems mainly android libraries and device drivers.	hybris or libhybris is a compatibility layer for computers running a linux variant (based on glibc or eglibc) to load software written for bionic-based linux systems mainly android libraries and device drivers.
"some observers have seen ""mafia"" as a set of positive attributes deeply rooted in popular culture, as a ""way of being"", as illustrated in the definition by the sicilian ethnographer, giuseppe pitr, at the end of the 19th century: ""mafia is the consciousness of one's own worth, the exaggerated concept of individual force as the sole arbiter of every conflict, of every clash of interests or ideas."""	"some observers have seen ""mafia"" as a set of attributes deeply rooted in popular culture, as a ""way of being"", as illustrated in the definition by the sicilian ethnographer, giuseppe pitr, at the end of the 19th century: ""mafia is the consciousness of one's own worth, the exaggerated concept of individual force as the sole arbiter of every conflict, of every clash of interests or ideas."""
a false claim that she gradually developed a reliance on syrup of ipecac (a product which, unbeknownst to her, destroyed her heart and led to her cardiac arrest).	a claim that she gradually developed a reliance on syrup of ipecac (a product which, unbeknownst to her, destroyed her heart and led to her cardiac arrest).
"alexander ""sawney"" bean(e) was the storied patriarch of a forty-eight member clan in 16th century scotland brutally executed for the mass murder and cannibalisation of over 30 to 40 people."	"alexander ""sawney"" bean(e) was the storied patriarch of a forty-eight member clan in 16th century scotland , executed for the mass murder and cannibalisation of over 30 to 40 people."
just two months later, on 8 december 2012, chvez announced that his recurring cancer had returned and that he would be returning to cuba for emergency surgery and further medical treatment.	two months later, on 8 december 2012, chvez announced that his recurring cancer had returned and that he would be returning to cuba for emergency surgery and further medical treatment.
fresh air: interviews (host terry gross, whyy-fm) in philadelphia, pennsylvania, the show is known for captivating interviews with guests from literature, science, music, film, and more.	fresh air: interviews (host terry gross, whyy-fm) in philadelphia, pennsylvania, the show is known for interviews with guests from literature, science, music, film, and more.
barack obama swept the district in 2008 with 71.40% of the vote while john mccain received 26.43%.	barack obama won the district in 2008 with 71.40% of the vote while john mccain received 26.43%.
coenraad willem (conny) mus (october 21, 1950 august 20, 2010) was a dutch journalist, best known as a correspondent for rtl nieuws in israel and the middle east.	coenraad willem (conny) mus (october 21, 1950 august 20, 2010) was a dutch journalist, known as a correspondent for rtl nieuws in israel and the middle east.
she has written and published almost 40 sweet books, and is best known for the princess diaries, later made by walt disney pictures into two feature films of the same name.	she has written and published almost 40 books, and is best known for the princess diaries, later made by walt disney pictures into two feature films of the same name.
the london lite reported that tv/radio personality reggie yates and singer kelly rowland attempted to hide from photographers while they ate at the trendy nozomi restaurant in knightsbridge, london on 28 january 2008. the couple were first labelled as an item in late 2007 when they were spotted at a party together and have been keeping quiet about their relationship.	the london lite reported that tv/radio personality reggie yates and singer kelly rowland attempted to hide from photographers while they ate at the nozomi restaurant in knightsbridge, london on 28 january 2008. the couple were first labelled as an item in late 2007 when they were spotted at a party together and have been keeping quiet about their relationship.
the accused shooter sergei pomazun underwent extensive psychiatric analysis but was found fit to stand trial.	the accused shooter sergei pomazun underwent extensive psychiatric analysis ; he was found fit to stand trial.
the term has been used to describe a policy of the israeli government to separate the palestinian population in the territories controlled by israel from the israeli population, by means such as the israeli west bank barrier.	the term has been used to describe a policy of the israeli government to separate the palestinian population in the territories occupied by israel from the israeli population, by means such as the israeli west bank barrier.
"cole called karsh's charges ""beneath contempt,"" observing that ""karsh used scurrilous propaganda techniques, attempting to insinuate that my criticisms of the neconservative clique in the bush administration are somehow like believing in the forged 'protocols of the elders of zion.'"	"cole called karsh's charges ""beneath contempt,"" claiming that ""karsh used scurrilous propaganda techniques, attempting to insinuate that my criticisms of the neconservative clique in the bush administration are somehow like believing in the forged 'protocols of the elders of zion.'"
this category is a list of famous thermodynamicists:	this category is a list of some thermodynamicists:
having become involved in the troubles of this friend, gichtel, after a period of imprisonment, was banished for a term of years from zwolle, but finally in 1668 found a home in amsterdam, where he made the acquaintance of antoinette bourignon, and in a state of poverty (which, however, never became destitution) lived out his strange life of visions and day-dreams, of prophecy and prayer.	having become involved in the troubles of this friend, gichtel, after a period of imprisonment, was banished for a term of years from zwolle, but finally in 1668 found a home in amsterdam, where he made the acquaintance of antoinette bourignon, and in a state of poverty (which, however, never became destitution) lived out his life of visions and day-dreams, of prophecy and prayer.
netjak had its entire code rewritten just to give the game its first ever 0.0.	netjak had its code rewritten just to give the game its first ever 0.0.
muhammad's bloodline continues only through his beloved daughter fatima zahra and cousin ali which alongside the muhammad's grandsons are the ahl al-bayt.	muhammad's bloodline continues only through his daughter fatima zahra and cousin ali which alongside the muhammad's grandsons are the ahl al-bayt.
harrowsmith is a small town north of kingston, ontario, once famous for its cheddar cheese, produced by the harrowsmith cheese factory.	harrowsmith is a small town north of kingston, ontario, once noted for its cheddar cheese, produced by the harrowsmith cheese factory.
in an open letter to the wall street journal published 27 july 2009, roberto micheletti listed the honduran government's reasons and justification for zelayas ouster .	in an open letter to the wall street journal published 27 july 2009, roberto micheletti listed the honduran government's reasons and justification for zelayas removal .
aside from the obvious effect on temperature, uhis can produce secondary effects on local meteorology, including the altering of local wind patterns, the development of clouds and fog, the humidity, and the rates of precipitation.	aside from the effect on temperature, uhis can produce secondary effects on local meteorology, including the altering of local wind patterns, the development of clouds and fog, the humidity, and the rates of precipitation.
west demonstrated an affinity for the arts at an early age; he began writing poetry when he was merely five-years-old.	west demonstrated an affinity for the arts at an early age; he began writing poetry when he was five-years-old.
in the field of the novel, tolstoy and dostoevsky in particular were titanic figures, and have remained internationally renowned, to the point that many scholars have described one or the other as the greatest novelist ever.	in the field of the novel, tolstoy and dostoevsky in particular were important and influencial figures, and have remained internationally renowned, to the point that many scholars have described one or the other as the greatest novelist ever.
even former chief minister umar abdullah wanted masarat alam dead in fake encounter in the year 2010 .	former chief minister umar abdullah wanted masarat alam dead in fake encounter in the year 2010 .
"however, the single ""boston"" was used during an episode of the mtv series laguna beach: the real orange county in 2006 and propelled the band into national notoriety ."	"however, the single ""boston"" was used during an episode of the mtv series laguna beach: the real orange county in 2006 and propelled the band into national prominence ."
the film's style is characteristic of the style that tarkovsky would perfect in his later films.	the film's style is characteristic of the style that tarkovsky would develop in his later films.
he was captured the next day and executed three days later by emil schulz of the barbaric gestapo.	he was captured the next day and executed three days later by emil schulz of the gestapo.
he played in the national football league (nfl) for the dallas cowboys in 1963-1964 and in the american football league for the denver broncos from 1965-1967, then for the afl's kansas city chiefs from 1968 through 1969, when he was on the chiefs team that won the afl championship and defeated the over-rated minnesota vikings in the fourth and final afl-nfl world championship game.	he played in the national football league (nfl) for the dallas cowboys in 1963-1964 and in the american football league for the denver broncos from 1965-1967, then for the afl's kansas city chiefs from 1968 through 1969, when he was on the chiefs team that won the afl championship and defeated the minnesota vikings in the fourth and final afl-nfl world championship game.
andhra in indian epic literature first appears at the time of the death of the great mauryan emperor ashoka in 232 bc.	andhra in indian epic literature first appears at the time of the death of the mauryan emperor ashoka in 232 bc.
another terrorist group, the kurdistan workers party (pkk), has fought an armed campaign in turkey, iraq, syria and iran for over thirty years.	another militant group, the kurdistan workers party (pkk), has fought an armed campaign in turkey, iraq, syria and iran for over thirty years.
"sdi was derided , largely in the mainstream media, as ""star wars"", after the popular 1977 film by george lucas."	"sdi was nicknamed , largely in the mainstream media, as ""star wars"", after the popular 1977 film by george lucas."
islam sees itself as a continuation of the jewish and christian traditions and reveres many of the same prophets, though islam denies the crucifixion and resurrection of jesus and historical arians confessed it.	islam sees itself as a continuation of the jewish and christian traditions and reveres many of the same prophets, though islam denies the crucifixion and resurrection of jesus and historical arians claimed it.
"on 27 april 2009, rockstar created the astroturfing website truthaboutrockstar.com, in an attempt to defend rockstar's image as a company by providing ""the truth about rockstar""."	"on 27 april 2009, rockstar created the website truthaboutrockstar.com, in an attempt to defend rockstar's image as a company by providing ""the truth about rockstar""."
and are the two highly-anticipated fourth-generation pokmon role-playing video games developed by game freak and published by nintendo.	and are the two fourth-generation pokmon role-playing video games developed by game freak and published by nintendo.
"for example, tom kratman's and john ringo's ""watch on the rhine"", infamous for its plot where rejuvenated waffen-ss personnel are used to defend germany against an alien invasion, includes an epilogue explaining that this serves as a metaphor for the ""ruthlessness"" that, according to the authors, must be brought out in today's western civilisation to successfully win an ongoing global conflict."	"for example, tom kratman's and john ringo's ""watch on the rhine"", infamous for its plot where rejuvenated waffen-ss personnel are used to defend germany against an alien invasion, includes an epilogue explaining that this serves as a metaphor for the ""ruthlessness"" that, according to the authors, must be brought out in today's western civilisation to successfully win a perceived ongoing global conflict."
"sarah winchester's biographer, however, claims that winchester ""routinely dismissed workers for months at a time 'to take such rest as i might'"" and notes that ""this flies in the face of claims by today's mystery house proprietors that work at the ranch was ceaseless for thirty-eight years."""	"sarah winchester's biographer, however, says that winchester ""routinely dismissed workers for months at a time 'to take such rest as i might'"" and notes that ""this flies in the face of claims by today's mystery house proprietors that work at the ranch was ceaseless for thirty-eight years."""
"the cardinal also said that pope benedict was ""personally interested in making this happen"" , despite misplaced misgivings among english, french, and german bishops as well as risks to interfaith relationships, especially with the jews ."	"the cardinal also said that pope benedict was ""personally interested in making this happen"" , despite misgivings among english, french, and german bishops as well as risks to interfaith relationships, especially with the jews ."
friendly sources have criticized the arrest as unlawful and a violation of the freedom of the press.	some sources have criticized the arrest as unlawful and a violation of the freedom of the press.
"president george w bush was accused of so-called ""racial insensitivity"" as a reason for his perceived slow response to the crisis, with kanye west asserting that the president ""doesn't care about black people"", an assertion that black politician condoleeza rice angrily refuted."	"president george w bush was accused of ""racial insensitivity"" as a reason for his perceived slow response to the crisis, with kanye west asserting that the president ""doesn't care about black people"", an assertion that black politician condoleeza rice angrily refuted."
in a surprising move (as the esv has had no catholic input), the international committee for the preparation of an english-language lectionary (icpel), which determines the form of the english-language roman catholic liturgy insofar as it conforms to vatican directives such as liturgiam authenticam, selected the esv for use as the base text in preparing a new lectionary for the english-speaking catholic world in late 2011, along with the revised grail psalter.	in a surprising move (as the esv has had no catholic input), the international committee for the preparation of an english-language lectionary (icpel), which determines the form of the english-language roman catholic lectionary insofar as it conforms to vatican directives such as liturgiam authenticam, selected the esv for use as the base text in preparing a new lectionary for the english-speaking catholic world in late 2011, along with the revised grail psalter.
michael schiavo opposed the governor's intervention, and was represented, in part, by the liberal american civil liberties union (aclu).	michael schiavo opposed the governor's intervention, and was represented, in part, by the american civil liberties union (aclu).
the horizon problem is recognized as a serious difficulty by all secular cosmologists.	the horizon problem is recognized as a serious difficulty by all cosmologists.
despite its efforts in increasing customers' awareness of the issue, western union is sometimes used for internet fraud by scammers.	despite its efforts in increasing customers' awareness of the issue, western union is used for internet fraud by scammers.
the deluxe version includes a 12-page comic and a bonus dvd featuring an animated short, a story board animatic, making-of footage, character designs, blade manga art, a weapons gallery, behind the scenes footage of the rza scoring the film, and much more.	the deluxe version includes a 12-page comic and a bonus dvd featuring an animated short, a story board animatic, making-of footage, character designs, blade manga art, a weapons gallery, behind the scenes footage of the rza scoring the film, and more.
defectors from koresh's group alleged that he practiced polygamy with underage brides, physically abused children, and stockpiled illegal weapons.	a few former members from koresh's group alleged that he practiced polygamy with underage brides, physically abused children, and stockpiled illegal weapons.
zbigniew pietrzykowski (born october 4, 1934 in bestwinka, near bielsko-biaa) is a famous polish boxer.	zbigniew pietrzykowski (born october 4, 1934 in bestwinka, near bielsko-biaa) is a polish boxer.
yuza asif or yus asaf is the name given to jesus by the ahmadiyya muslim community , who believe that he survived the crucifixion and migrated to kashmir.	yuza asif or yus asaf is the name given to jesus by the ahmadiyya muslim movement , who believe that he survived the crucifixion and migrated to kashmir.
this year engelbert humperdink was entered, and deservedly came 2nd last with 12 points.	this year engelbert humperdink was entered, and came 2nd last with 12 points.
this would be the last full byrds album to feature the participation of gene clark until the ill-fated reunion album of the original quintet, in 1973.	this would be the last full byrds album to feature the participation of gene clark until the reunion album of the original quintet, in 1973.
wembley golf club, founded in 1896, was situated north of the metropolitan railway line in what is now the impressive fryent country park.	wembley golf club, founded in 1896, was situated north of the metropolitan railway line in what is now the fryent country park.
as a now-bewildered tobin prepares to turn things over to the ebs, it is obvious that he is shaken by the events that have occurred, and is, moreover, almost mournfully fearful over the inescapable realization that both mankind and the planet earth may very well not have any future at all.	as a now-bewildered tobin prepares to turn things over to the ebs, it is obvious that he is shaken by the events that have occurred, and is, moreover, almost mournfully fearful over the inescapable realization that both humankind and the planet earth may very well not have any future at all.
"in an interview in 2003 on the cbs television show 60 minutes, actor robert duvall criticized spielberg for meeting with cuban dictator fidel castro in 2002. he said, ""when he met with him, he should have had the decency to look out into the graveyard and seen all the people he killed."""	"in an interview in 2003 on the cbs television show 60 minutes, actor robert duvall criticized spielberg for meeting with cuban president fidel castro in 2002. he said, ""when he met with him, he should have had the decency to look out into the graveyard and seen all the people he killed."""
info = a garden cadet with surpassed martial arts skills |	info = a garden cadet with notable martial arts skills |
jim rome (born 1964), controversial radio host	jim rome (born 1964), american sports radio host
there are two scuba diving centers and some good shallow scuba diving sites there.	there are two scuba diving centers and some shallow scuba diving sites there.
habbos parent company sulake employs just 225 moderators, tracking some 70 million lines of conversation globally every day, blocking inappropriate users and filtering links to black-listed sites.	habbos parent company sulake employs 225 moderators, tracking some 70 million lines of conversation globally every day, blocking inappropriate users and filtering links to black-listed sites.
"often deriding the singularity as ""the rapture of the nerds"", some critics have dismissed singularitarianism as technological utopianism turned into a new religious movement."	"sometimes deriding the singularity as ""the rapture of the nerds"", some critics have dismissed singularitarianism as technological utopianism turned into a new religious movement."
the game is supposedly currently in development; however, updates about the development are sparse, and there is no announced availability date.	the game is currently in development; however, updates about the development are sparse, and there is no announced availability date.
"these provide a nice round ""bell"" like look to the ear due to their long cylindrical shape."	"these provide a round ""bell"" like look to the ear due to their long cylindrical shape."
puerto rico ( u.s. colonial commonwealth)	puerto rico (u.s. commonwealth)
the eis concept circumvents the problem of freezing living humans (which is technically not possible today and is regarded by many scientists as never to be possible; see cryonics), instead using the currently available technology to preserve human embryos in a frozen state to overcome the problem of a space voyage of hundreds or thousands of years.	the eis concept circumvents the problem of freezing fully developed humans (which is technically not possible today and is regarded by many scientists as never to be possible; see cryonics), instead using the currently available technology to preserve human embryos in a frozen state to overcome the problem of a space voyage of hundreds or thousands of years.
madhusudan rao is one of the greatest oriya poets.	madhusudan rao is one of the oriya poets.
the silesian uprisings (polish: powstania śląskie) was a series of three military insurections (1919-1921) of the polish people in the upper silesia region against the occupying german/prussian forces in order to liberate the region and join to poland, that regained her independence after the world war i (1914-1918)	the silesian uprisings (polish: powstania śląskie) was a series of three military insurections (1919-1921) of the polish people in the upper silesia region against the german/prussian forces in order to liberate the region and join to poland, that regained her independence after the world war i (1914-1918)
a local media report raised concerns that children living in nearby henbury and southmead might not be able to access the school.	a local media report raised concerns that children living in henbury and southmead might not be able to access the school.
some traditionalist catholics have alleged ewtn is too willing to embrace flawed modernistic aspects of post-vatican ii catholicism.	some traditionalist catholics have alleged ewtn is too willing to embrace problematic modernistic aspects of post-vatican ii catholicism.
"if--and only if-- the targum was rendering a singular form of the word ""color"" in the superlative degree (glorious skins of the ""color of colors"") to indicate the great dignity that should be associated with it, some interpreters were misled into thinking it meant multiple colors, so that they conjectured that the skins came from a multi-colored animal."	"if--and only if-- the targum was rendering a singular form of the word ""color"" in the superlative degree (glorious skins of the ""color of colors"") to indicate the great dignity that should be associated with it, some interpreters were understandably led into thinking it meant multiple colors, so that they conjectured that the skins came from a multi-colored animal."
the church of ireland cemetery also marks the last resting place of emily and mary wilde, the half-sisters of oscar wilde, who died tragically following a fire at the nearby drumaconnor house in 1871	the church of ireland cemetery also marks the last resting place of emily and mary wilde, the half-sisters of oscar wilde, who died following a fire at the nearby drumaconnor house in 1871
may day also refers to various socialist and labor movement celebrations conducted on may 1, unrelated to any pagan or traditional celebrations, to commemorate the haymarket terrorists of 1886 and the international socialist social movement generally.	may day also refers to various socialist and labor movement celebrations conducted on may 1, unrelated to any pagan or traditional celebrations, to commemorate the haymarket martyrs of 1886 and the international socialist social movement generally.
he is known for the ridiculous fashion in which he wears his headband.	he is known for the fashion in which he wears his headband.
michael weishan (born 7 august in milwaukee, wisconsin) is perhaps most widely known as the host of the american public television series, the victory garden, a position he held from 2001 through 2007. he was the fourth host of the series, and retired after five successful seasons to resume active direction of his landscape design firm, michael weishan and associates, which specializes in creating traditionally inspired landscapes for homes across the us and canada.	michael weishan (born 7 august in milwaukee, wisconsin) is perhaps most widely known as the host of the american public television series, the victory garden, a position he held from 2001 through 2007. he was the fourth host of the series, and retired after five seasons to resume active direction of his landscape design firm, michael weishan and associates, which specializes in creating traditionally inspired landscapes for homes across the us and canada.
during her tenure, the riaa achieved many legal victories in the united states, including:	during her tenure, the riaa achieved a number of legal victories in the united states, including:
wallace later unconvincingly stated that he had not read this part of the speech prior to delivering it, and that he had regretted it almost immediately.	wallace later stated that he had not read this part of the speech prior to delivering it, and that he had regretted it almost immediately.
the chamber recognizes that climate change is real, but disputes the scientific consensus that warming mostly results from human activity and questions whether anything can be done to reduce climate change.	the chamber believes that climate change is real, but disputes the scientific consensus that warming mostly results from human activity and questions whether anything can be done to reduce climate change.
eugene ormandy (november 18, 1899 – march 12, 1985) was an eminent conductor and violinist.	eugene ormandy (november 18, 1899 – march 12, 1985) was an romanian-american conductor and violinist.
for instance, nudity among immediate family members who are cohabitants of the home is usually permitted, especially in the bedroom and bathroom.	for instance, nudity among immediate family members who are cohabitants of the home is sometimes permitted, especially in the bedroom and bathroom.
he started by founding the shipping company stelmar in 1992 with a large loan from his father.	he started by founding the shipping company stelmar in 1992 with a loan from his father.
at the end of the campaign, the imperial government was forced to sign the unequal boxer protocol of 1901.	at the end of the campaign, the imperial government was forced to sign the boxer protocol of 1901.
australia won the tournament, becoming the first nation to do so twice, with a 3512 triumph over france, who were unable to repeat their stunning semi-final victory over pre-tournament favourites new zealand.	australia won the tournament, becoming the first nation to do so twice, with a 3512 triumph over france, who were unable to repeat their semi-final victory over pre-tournament favourites new zealand.
miss plus america is a beauty pageant for plus-sized women.	miss plus america is a beauty pageant for obese women.
- three excellent books were written about the doolittle raid after the war.	- three books were written about the doolittle raid after the war.
after various editorial jobs, he became a reporter for the left-wing newspaper het volk (the people).	after various editorial jobs, he became a reporter for the socialist newspaper het volk (the people).
in december 2014, representatives of the npd encouraged people to participate in pegida rallies, as did the german defence league and the islamophobic internet blog politically incorrect in an uploaded 'propaganda clip'.	in december 2014, representatives of the npd encouraged people to participate in pegida rallies, as did the german defence league and the internet blog politically incorrect in an uploaded 'propaganda clip'.
in addition, he has written a series of books celebrating the character of ross, a wealthy, misogynistic, rugby union-playing resident of foxrock in south dublin.	in addition, he has written a series of books about the character of ross, a wealthy, misogynistic, rugby union-playing resident of foxrock in south dublin.
tom reamy (january 23, 1935 november 4, 1977) was an award-winning american science fiction and fantasy author and a key figure in 1960s and 1970s science fiction fandom.	tom reamy (january 23, 1935 november 4, 1977) was an american science fiction and fantasy author and a key figure in 1960s and 1970s science fiction fandom.
(in 1983 the hard-left labour manifesto pledged withdrawal from the eec as it then was.)	(in 1983 the labour manifesto pledged withdrawal from the eec as it then was.)
david shulman, an israeli peace activist, has described settlement in the palestinian territories, in the following way:-	david shulman, an israeli anti-settlement activist, has described settlement in the palestinian territories, in the following way:-
she is perhaps best known for her role as meadow soprano on the acclaimed hbo television series the sopranos.	she is perhaps best known for her role as meadow soprano on the hbo television series the sopranos.
"some reviewers and academics embraced the identification of a new field of study, calling the book a ""foundational work"" and ""the foundational text for the nascent field"" of vegan studies."	"some reviewers and academics accepted the identification of a new field of study, calling the book a ""foundational work"" and ""the foundational text for the nascent field"" of vegan studies."
christians understand that sacrifices were commanded by god because of mankind's need to be ransomed from the punishment of sin (lev.	christians believe that sacrifices were commanded by god because of mankind's need to be ransomed from the punishment of sin (lev.
"roy thomas brown (july 8, 1932 january 22, 2001) was an american television personality, puppeteer, clown and artist best known for playing ""cooky the cook"" (also cooky the clown) on chicago's long running bozo's circus."	"roy thomas brown (july 8, 1932 january 22, 2001) was an american television personality, puppeteer, clown and artist known for playing ""cooky the cook"" (also cooky the clown) on chicago's long running bozo's circus."
pejoratives (or terms of abuse) are words or grammatical forms that denote negativity and express contempt or distaste.	pejoratives (or terms of abuse) are words or grammatical forms that connote negativity and express contempt or distaste.
liberal bias in the elite media - accuses the new york times, la times, washington post, bbc, cbc and other major press outlets of leaning to the political far-left in their reporting.	liberal bias in the mainstream media - accuses the new york times, la times, washington post, bbc, cbc and other major press outlets of leaning to the political far-left in their reporting.
some chieftains who were trying or planning to raise their clan for the pretender were stopped or even imprisoned, notably sir james campbell of auchnabreck and alexander macdougall of dunollie, who were stopped from raising clan campbell of auchnabreck and clan macdougall by campbell of argyll, and sir hector maclean and dugald mactavish of dunardry, who would have raised clan maclean and clan mactavish had they not been imprisoned by the legitimate government.	some chieftains who were trying or planning to raise their clan for the pretender were stopped or even imprisoned, notably sir james campbell of auchnabreck and alexander macdougall of dunollie, who were stopped from raising clan campbell of auchnabreck and clan macdougall by campbell of argyll, and sir hector maclean and dugald mactavish of dunardry, who would have raised clan maclean and clan mactavish had they not been imprisoned by the government.
flynn went on to a brilliant career in hollywood.	flynn went on to a successful career in hollywood.
the thirty-four minute short, which follows the adventures of a young boy who one day finds a sentient, yet mute, red balloon, was filmed in the mnilmontant neighborhood of paris, france.	the thirty-four minute short, which follows the adventures of a young boy who one day finds a sentient, mute, red balloon, was filmed in the mnilmontant neighborhood of paris, france.
false allegations of sexual misconduct	allegations of sexual misconduct
the breed has acquired negative notoriety after being linked to two fatalities: in 2001, 32 year-old diane whipple of san francisco, california, who was killed by two dogs identified as presa canario/mastiff-crosses and owned by marjorie knoller & robert noel;	the breed has acquired negative publicity after being linked to two fatalities: in 2001, 32 year-old diane whipple of san francisco, california, who was killed by two dogs identified as presa canario/mastiff-crosses and owned by marjorie knoller & robert noel;
in the event of a pump failure that could result in seizure, there is no effect on the flying ability of the aircraft or its systems apart from the obvious fact that the spray systems are non-functional.	in the event of a pump failure that could result in seizure, there is no effect on the flying ability of the aircraft or its systems apart from the fact that the spray systems are non-functional.
"his relationship with starling set a precedent for the relationships between fictional murderers and police officers; it has by now become almost clich for onscreen detectives to have ""special relationships"" with serial killers based on grudging respect and mutual obsession, and for police to consult with them in their cases in order to ""think like their prey."""	"his relationship with starling set a precedent for the relationships between fictional murderers and police officers; it has by now become something of a clich for onscreen detectives to have ""special relationships"" with serial killers based on grudging respect and mutual obsession, and for police to consult with them in their cases in order to ""think like their prey."""
just months before the massacre, another mormon prophet was martyred .	just months before the massacre, another mormon prophet was killed .
in the 1960s, he befriended fellow african-american author henry dumas, who died tragically in new york city in 1968, and later wrote the introduction to dumas's play ebony, play ivory: poetry	in the 1960s, he befriended fellow african-american author henry dumas, who died in new york city in 1968, and later wrote the introduction to dumas's play ebony, play ivory: poetry
( but see presser v. illinois, 116 u.s. 252 (1886); united states v. cruikshank, 92 u.s. 542 (1875).)	( see presser v. illinois, 116 u.s. 252 (1886); united states v. cruikshank, 92 u.s. 542 (1875).)
the band is featured only very subtly in the crowds as fans .	the band is featured only very briefly in the crowds as fans .
gimnasio los caobos is a prestigious private preparatory school located in the municipality of cha, cundinamarca, within the metropolitan area of bogot, colombia.	gimnasio los caobos is a private preparatory school located in the municipality of cha, cundinamarca, within the metropolitan area of bogot, colombia.
he has been officially designated to serve as the new foreign minister of the european union under its new constitution, effective upon full ratification expected in 2006. as such he would combine the positions of commissioner of external relations (currently held by benita ferrero-waldner) and common foreign and security policy chief currently held by him.	he has been officially designated to serve as the new foreign minister of the european union under its new constitution, effective upon full ratification , due in 2006. as such he would combine the positions of commissioner of external relations (currently held by benita ferrero-waldner) and common foreign and security policy chief currently held by him.
data released by the ess reveal that the vast majority of albanians are conservative and disapprove of the gay and lesbian lifestyle .	data released by the ess reveal that the vast majority of albanians are conservative and disapprove of the gay and lesbian community .
most recently he released a compilation of field recordings of bulgarian folk music called orange twin field works: volume i in the summer of 2001, followed by a live album on the orange twin label, live at jittery joe's.	most recently he released a compilation of field recordings of bulgarian folk music called ornage twin field works: volume i in the summer of 2001, followed by a live album on the orange twin label, live at jittery joe's.
morris engel (april 8, 1918 5 march 2005) was an influential american photographer, cinematographer and filmmaker best known for directing the 1953 film little fugitive in collaboration with his wife, photographer ruth orkin, and their friend, writer raymond abrashkin.	morris engel (april 8, 1918 5 march 2005) was an american photographer, cinematographer and filmmaker best known for directing the 1953 film little fugitive in collaboration with his wife, photographer ruth orkin, and their friend, writer raymond abrashkin.
glue addresses sex, drugs, violence, and other social problems in scotland through the lives of four boys.	glue addresses sex, drugs, violence, and other social issues in scotland through the lives of four boys.
machine zone is a privately held game company based in palo alto, california, founded in 2008. its flagship product, game of war: fire age, is a freemium mobile mmo strategy video game that was one of the top-grossing apps in 2014 and 2015.	machine zone is a privately held game company based in palo alto, california, founded in 2008. its 2013 product, game of war: fire age, is a freemium mobile mmo strategy video game that was one of the top-grossing apps in 2014 and 2015.
following the murder of a 27-year-old belgian of north african descent by a alledgedly mentally ill native belgian man in antwerp in 2002, which led to anti-belgian riots in the city, the arab european league began patrolling the streets of antwerp with video cameras to monitor police activity.	following the murder of a 27-year-old belgian of north african descent by a alledgedly mentally ill native belgian man in antwerp in 2002, which led to racially influenced riots in the city, the arab european league began patrolling the streets of antwerp with video cameras to monitor police activity.
farmers' market near the potala palace in lhasa, tibet .	farmers' market near the potala palace in lhasa, china .
"for example, the specific equation of democrats with fascists for advocating sexual harassment laws (sexual harassment panda) and my future self n' me's false contention that ""liberals"" are behind the creation of anti-drug psa's equating marijuana use with support of terrorism."	"for example, the specific equation of democrats with fascists for advocating sexual harassment laws (sexual harassment panda) and my future self n' me's contention that ""liberals"" are behind the creation of anti-drug psa's equating marijuana use with support of terrorism."
due to schambach and his wife's passing in 2010, his daughter donna now presently runs shambach ministries.	due to schambach and his wife's death in 2010, his daughter donna now presently runs shambach ministries.
over the years simon baron-cohen's public profile has grown, mostly due to his permitted involvement with the media and also leaked press reports to the media .	over the years simon baron-cohen's public profile has grown, mostly due to his involvement with the media and also leaked press reports to the media .
the latter, ahmed alabrass, was freed by israel in the infamous ahmed jibril prisoner exchange deal of may 1985 (1,150 arab political prisoners were exchanged for three israeli prisoners-of-war held in lebanon), but kuntar was not included in the deal.	the latter, ahmed alabrass, was freed by israel in the ahmed jibril prisoner exchange deal of may 1985 (1,150 arab political prisoners were exchanged for three israeli prisoners-of-war held in lebanon), but kuntar was not included in the deal.
"her role in the chinese occupation over, hydrus was assigned duty with ""magic carpet"", the gigantic operation for the return of our pacific veterans."	"her role in the chinese occupation over, hydrus was assigned duty with ""magic carpet"", the gigantic operation for the return of pacific veterans."
the most important of these was undoubtedly george c. marshall, the top u.s. army general during the war.	the most important of these was george c. marshall, the top u.s. army general during the war.
stanley would eventually be held responsible for a number of deaths and was indirectly responsible for helping establish the notorious rule of lopold ii of belgium over the congo free state.	stanley would eventually be held responsible for a number of deaths and was indirectly responsible for helping establish the rule of lopold ii of belgium over the congo free state.
(according to the new plan, the lower house would have 450 deputies and be called the state duma, the name of the russian legislature before the bolshevik revolution in 1917. the federation council, which would bring together representatives from the 89 subdivisions of the russian federation, would play the role of an upper house.)	(according to the new plan, the lower house would have 450 deputies and be called the state duma, the name of the russian legislature before the bolshevik revolution in 1917. the federation council, which would bring together representatives from the 89 subdivisions of the russian federation, would assume the role of an upper house.)
separatist struggle in the people's republic of china (prc) far-west province of xinjiang.	separatist conflict in the people's republic of china (prc) far-west province of xinjiang.
'student rights' issued a call for all those involved in the scandal to resign , as document by the london evening standard.	'student rights' issued a call for all those involved in the affair to resign , as document by the london evening standard.
housed in a converted hotel, this theatre not only performs daring pieces of stage work, but also holds concerts by national recording artists, as well as screens independent film.	housed in a converted hotel, this theatre not only performs pieces of stage work, but also holds concerts by national recording artists, as well as screens independent film.
1972 – pakistan launched its nuclear detterent program few weeks after its defeat in bangladesh liberation war and indo-pakistani war of 1971.	1972 – pakistan launched its nuclear weapons program few weeks after its defeat in bangladesh liberation war and indo-pakistani war of 1971.
although initially curious about disraeli when he entered parliament in 1837, victoria came to detest him over his treatment of peel.	although initially curious about disraeli when he entered parliament in 1837, victoria came to dislike him over his treatment of peel.
"a documentary, ""orphans of nkandla"" by the bbc and truevision, recounted the hardships and deep poverty of orphans in nkandla."	"a documentary, ""orphans of nkandla"" by the bbc and truevision, recounted the hardships and poverty of orphans in nkandla."
zukerman attended wesley college, melbourne, at the glen waverley campus and began a degree in science and engineering at monash university before being accepted into the prestigious victorian college of the arts.	zukerman attended wesley college, melbourne, at the glen waverley campus and began a degree in science and engineering at monash university before being accepted into the victorian college of the arts.
the company is an important advertiser in north american astronomy magazines such as sky & telescope and astronomy.	the company is an prominent advertiser in north american astronomy magazines such as sky & telescope and astronomy.
five of these cameras were used simultaneously and exclusively in making of commercial mainline telugu movie dongala mutha as an experiment for the first time in indian film industry by ace director ram gopal verma.	five of these cameras were used simultaneously and exclusively in making of commercial mainline telugu movie dongala mutha as an experiment for the first time in indian film industry by director ram gopal verma.
the accused, gary stephen krist, an full-time professional smuggler of undocumented illegals from latin america was attempting to gain ransom funds to purchase a yacht for further smuggling.	the accused, gary stephen krist, an full-time professional smuggler of undocumented immigrants from latin america was attempting to gain ransom funds to purchase a yacht for further smuggling.
alena eredov is a czech-born italian top model currently living in italy.	alena eredov is a czech-born italian model currently living in italy.
a magician is a person skilled in the mysterious and hidden art of magic, which can be described as either the act of entertaining with tricks that are in apparent violation of natural law, such as those performed by stage magicians or illusionists, or the ability of those who claim to attain objectives, acquire knowledge, or perform works of wonder through the use of sorcery or supernaturalmeans.	a magician is a person skilled in the mysterious and hidden art of magic, which can be described as either the act of entertaining with tricks that are in apparent violation of natural law, such as those performed by stage magicians or illusionists, or the ability of those who claim to attain objectives, acquire knowledge, or perform works of wonder through the use of sorcery or supernatural means.
"in canada, a newly released intelligence report says hard-line islamist groups the muslim brotherhood and hizb-ut-tahrir want to build a ""parallel society... which could undermine the country's social cohesion and foster violence"", where they encourage muslims to ""self-imposed isolation."""	"in canada, a newly released intelligence report says islamist groups the muslim brotherhood and hizb-ut-tahrir want to build a ""parallel society... which could undermine the country's social cohesion and foster violence"", where they encourage muslims to ""self-imposed isolation."""
"but under the considerations of clear and manifest danger in late 1940, the british public was evidently willing to enthusiastically embrace such grossly martial images as ""a million marching feet""."	"but under the considerations of clear and manifest danger in late 1940, the british public was evidently willing to enthusiastically embrace such martial images as ""a million marching feet""."
felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actress known for her television and stage work.	felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actor known for her television and stage work.
as with other southeast asian nations, the chinese community in the philippines has become a backwater of traditional chinese culture.	as with other southeast asian nations, the chinese community in the philippines has become a repository of traditional chinese culture.
the company is 100% carbon neutral.	the company claims to be 100% carbon neutral.
cheryl blaylock is an american puppeteer, actress and comedienne on eureeka's castle from 1989 to 1995. baylock is originally from kalamazoo, michigan.	cheryl blaylock is an american puppeteer, actress and comedian on eureeka's castle from 1989 to 1995. baylock is originally from kalamazoo, michigan.
under the older cronquist system the other families now treated here were placed in separate orders: the polygalaceae within the polygalales, and the others within the rosales.	under the cronquist system the other families now treated here were placed in separate orders: the polygalaceae within the polygalales, and the others within the rosales.
1607 - battle of gibraltar the recently expanded dutch navy destroys a spanish fleet at gibraltar	1607 - battle of gibraltar the recently expanded dutch navy emgaging a spanish fleet at gibraltar
in march 2003, paterson revealed he had an alcohol problem, after famously missing aberdeen's 33 home draw with dundee due to being too hungover to attend.	in march 2003, paterson revealed he had an alcohol problem, after missing aberdeen's 33 home draw with dundee due to being too hungover to attend.
sizzla has gained a reputation for homophobia due to anti-gay lyrics in many of his recordings, which often share the viewpoints of the bobo ashanti rastafarian sect, causing the cancellation of many international concerts.	sizzla has gained a reputation for homophobia due to anti-gay lyrics in some of his recordings, which often share the viewpoints of the bobo ashanti rastafarian sect, causing the cancellation of many international concerts.
"geoffrey arnold (""jeff"") beck (born june 24, 1944 in wallington, greater london, england) is a virtuoso guitarist and songwriter."	"geoffrey arnold (""jeff"") beck (born june 24, 1944 in wallington, greater london, england) is a guitarist and songwriter."
unfortunately , within a month of leaving, many of the crew mutinied, expelling captain bligh and supporters in a long-boat, and returned to tahiti.	however , within a month of leaving, many of the crew mutinied, expelling captain bligh and supporters in a long-boat, and returned to tahiti.
even the unnecessary slaughter or mutilation of animals was immediately abolished, such as sport hunting and branding.	the unnecessary slaughter or mutilation of animals was immediately abolished, such as sport hunting and branding.
tabataba'i reveals that god has perfected the guidance of people through sending the prophets.	tabataba'i states that god has perfected the guidance of people through sending the prophets.
when the fbi later reported that oswald had purchased only a 6.5 italian mannlicher-carcano, the weapon at police headquarters in dallas miraculously changed its caliber , its make and its nationality.	when the fbi later reported that oswald had purchased only a 6.5 italian mannlicher-carcano, the weapon at police headquarters in dallas miraculously changed its size , its make and its nationality.
the africa cup of nations, africa's coveted international football competition, begins.	the africa cup of nations, africa's main international football competition, begins.
according to one legend , a transgendered woman named silvia rivera threw a bottle at a police officer after being prodded by his nightstick (duberman).	according to one account , a transgendered woman named silvia rivera threw a bottle at a police officer after being prodded by his nightstick (duberman).
israeli police fatally shoot a palestinian man and seriously injure another woman and two more men in the wadi al-joz area of occupied east jerusalem.	israeli police fatally shoot a palestinian man and seriously injure another woman and two more men in the wadi al-joz area of east jerusalem.
in the halo series, the united nations space command is the military branch of the unified government of all mankind .	in the halo series, the united nations space command is the military branch of the unified government of all humankind .
anna russell - singer and comedienne	anna russell - singer and comedian
harris has faced allegations of misconduct because of lavish spending on overseas travel.	harris has faced allegations of misconduct because of excess spending on overseas travel.
masdar will be the unique site of a university, the masdar institute of science and technology, and some 1,500 companies.	masdar will be the site of a university, the masdar institute of science and technology, and some 1,500 companies.
the gospels of matthew and luke claim mary was a virgin at the birth of jesus.	the gospels of matthew and luke say that mary was a virgin at the birth of jesus.
one of the more famous american radio evangelists of the early 20th century was father charles coughlin, whose rabid anti-communist radio ministry reached millions of listeners during the great depression of the 1930s.	one of the more famous american radio evangelists of the early 20th century was father charles coughlin, whose strongly anti-communist radio ministry reached millions of listeners during the great depression of the 1930s.
walking back, he finds doodle curled up next to a nightshade bush, dead and bleeding because his little heart burst, with similarities to the dead scarlet ibis they found.	walking back, he finds doodle curled up next to a nightshade bush, dead and bleeding because his heart burst, with similarities to the dead scarlet ibis they found.
the english name was officially changed to mumbai in november 1995. this came at the insistence of the marathi language nationalist shiv sena party that had just won the maharashtra state elections and mirrored similar name changes across the country.	the english name was officially changed to mumbai in november 1995. this came at the insistence of the marathi nationalist shiv sena party that had just won the maharashtra state elections and mirrored similar name changes across the country.
in order to legitimize the confederacy's rebellion, lost cause intellectuals emphasized the illegitimacy of the federal government and the villainy of abraham lincoln as president.	in order to legitimize the confederacy's rebellion, lost cause intellectuals challenged the illegitimacy of the federal government and the villainy of abraham lincoln as president.
he fled to a supporter's house in cholon but was captured and murdered a day later.	he fled to a supporter's house in cholon but was captured and executed a day later.
"after comedienne and actress ellen degeneres came out as a lesbian, falwell referred to her in a sermon as ""ellen degenerate""."	"after comedian and actress ellen degeneres came out as a lesbian, falwell referred to her in a sermon as ""ellen degenerate""."
the council of europe estimates that there are approximately 1000 street children in bucharest, romania, though estimates range from several hundred to 10,000. these children are victims of the policies of former communist dictator nicolae ceauescu, who forbade contraception in the hopes of ruling a populous nation, or of his successors, who consider the economy of greater importance than social welfare.	the council of europe estimates that there are approximately 1000 street children in bucharest, romania, though estimates range from several hundred to 10,000. these children are homeless as a result of the policies of former communist dictator nicolae ceauescu, who forbade contraception in the hopes of ruling a populous nation, or of his successors, who consider the economy of greater importance than social welfare.
zimmer spent much of his life at greyhaven, the sprawling communal house in elmwood district of the berkeley hills, the home of noted author diana l. paxson (among others), and is featured in the (out of print) greyhaven anthology which was edited by marion zimmer bradley.	zimmer spent much of his life at greyhaven, the sprawling communal house in elmwood district of the berkeley hills, the home of author diana l. paxson (among others), and is featured in the (out of print) greyhaven anthology which was edited by marion zimmer bradley.
as with other great inventions such as radio, television, the light bulb, and the computer, there were several inventors who did pioneering experimental work on voice transmission over a wire and improved on each other's ideas.	as with other influential inventions such as radio, television, the light bulb, and the computer, there were several inventors who did pioneering experimental work on voice transmission over a wire and improved on each other's ideas.
scanlation (also scanslation) is the unauthorised scanning, translation, editing and distribution of comics from a foreign language into the language of the distributors.	scanlation (also scanslation) is the unofficial scanning, translation, editing and distribution of comics from a foreign language into the language of the distributors.
"the defunct liberal magazine portfolio named frick as one of the ""worst american ceos of all time""."	"the defunct magazine portfolio named frick as one of the ""worst american ceos of all time""."
however, its creator , laurence lundblade, insists this was never the case and that it started off simply as a word and not an acronym.	however, its original author , laurence lundblade, insists this was never the case and that it started off simply as a word and not an acronym.
argentina states the principle of self-determination is not applicable since the current inhabitants are not aboriginal and were brought to replace the argentine population, which was expelled by an 'act of force', forcing the argentinian inhabitants to directly leave the occupied islands.	argentina states the principle of self-determination is not applicable since the current inhabitants are not aboriginal and were brought to replace the argentine population, which was expelled by an 'act of force', forcing the argentinian inhabitants to directly leave the islands.
as such, some elements of chiropractic are considered by scientists (beyerstein 1996: homola 2002;and keating 1997) to be pseudoscientific.	as such, some elements of chiropractic are considered by (beyerstein 1996: homola 2002;and keating 1997) to be pseudoscientific.
flora bramley (1909 23 june 1993) was an english actress and comedienne .	flora bramley (1909 23 june 1993) was an english actress and comedian .
remote viewing (rv) is a very broad term for a variety of techniques or protocols employed to produce and control extra-sensory perception (esp).	remote viewing (rv) is a broad term for a variety of techniques or protocols employed to produce and control extra-sensory perception (esp).
she was actually co-presiding over the 12th acp-eu joint parliamentary assembly which was invited by the barbados government to discuss international aid and development.	she was co-presiding over the 12th acp-eu joint parliamentary assembly which was invited by the barbados government to discuss international aid and development.
in response to these outrageous demands, the north koreans withdrew its delegation from the summit.	in response to these demands, the north koreans withdrew its delegation from the summit.
o'grady was paroled from prison in 2000 after serving only seven years, and went to ireland after being deported from the united states.	o'grady was paroled from prison in 2000 after serving seven years, and went to ireland after being deported from the united states.
it has been said that jesus has had the greatest impact on humanity of any character .	it has been said that jesus has had the greatest impact on humanity of any person .
though it describes historical events, the book's self-declared purpose is to testify of jesus through the writings of ancient prophets of the western hemisphere who traveled there from ancient israel, probably between 600-650 bc.	though it purports to describe historical events, the book's self-declared purpose is to testify of jesus through the writings of ancient prophets of the western hemisphere who traveled there from ancient israel, probably between 600-650 bc.
an essay mill is a business, usually online, which dishonestly sells essays and other forms of homework assignments to students who are incapable or unwilling to do it themselves.	an essay mill is a business, usually online, which sells essays and other forms of homework assignments to students who are incapable or unwilling to do it themselves.
it was founded in 2004 by tim spicer, who was previously director of the controversial mercenary company sandline international.	it was founded in 2004 by tim spicer, who was previously director of the controversial private military company sandline international.
under the force acts of 1870, the kkk was suppressed by federal prosecution.	under the enforcement acts of 1870, the kkk was suppressed by federal prosecution.
many operating systems and kernel experts have dismissed the label as meaningless, and just marketing:	many operating systems and kernel experts have dismissed the classification as meaningless, and just marketing:
in reality such connections are generally used only when the load on the three phases is part of the same piece of equipment (for example a three -phase motor), as otherwise switching loads and slight imbalances would cause large voltage fluctuations.	in reality such connections are generally used only when the load on the three phases is part of the same piece of equipment (for example a thre -phase motor), as otherwise switching loads and slight imbalances would cause large voltage fluctuations.
this case was cited by john lott and others as an example of the media's possible bias against guns, as the use of a firearm in a defensive role was not reported in most news stories of the event.	this case was cited by john lott and others as an example of the media's supposed bias against guns, as the use of a firearm in a defensive role was not reported in most news stories of the event.
he died tragically in 1923 when he was only 39.	he died in 1923 when he was only 39.
it is away from us and lies out of the local group, determined by the tip of the red giant branch method.	it is away from earth and lies out of the local group, determined by the tip of the red giant branch method.
beginning in march of 2015, federman co-hosts the podcast human conversation with comedienne erin mcgathy, in which the two discuss various, oft-delightful and meandering topics, without the aid of technology.	beginning in march of 2015, federman co-hosts the podcast human conversation with comedian erin mcgathy, in which the two discuss various, oft-delightful and meandering topics, without the aid of technology.
button is currently engaged to fame academy's lovely louise griffiths.	button is currently engaged to fame academy's louise griffiths.
among other things, he claims racism can be scientifically proven to be rational because of the alleged low iq of blacks, higher black criminality and lack of great civilizations (equal to the ones created by white and yellow races) built by blacks.	among other things, he claims racism can be scientifically proven to be rational because of the low iq of blacks, higher black criminality and lack of great civilizations (equal to the ones created by white and yellow races) built by blacks.
private-public partnerships have taken significant control of our parks and playgrounds through conservancy groups set up to manage what is considered unmanageable by public agencies.	private-public partnerships have taken significant control of public parks and playgrounds through conservancy groups set up to manage what is considered unmanageable by public agencies.
nate wright: the strip's hero .	nate wright: the strip's main charecter .
in 1812, with the new commander manuel belgrano, the junta decided to fund a second expeditionary campaign to upper peru with the objective of finally defeating the royalist troops, conquer upper peru and avenge the humiliating defeat at huaqui, and also to raise the moral of the troops and citizenry.	in 1812, with the new commander manuel belgrano, the junta decided to fund a second expeditionary campaign to upper peru with the objective of finally defeating the royalist troops, conquer upper peru and avenge the overwhelming defeat at huaqui, and also to raise the moral of the troops and citizenry.
in the latter the bolsheviks slaughtered an estimated 50,000 people after white forces withdrew in 1920.	in the latter the bolsheviks killed an estimated 50,000 people after white forces withdrew in 1920.
while shi'a and sunni accept the same sacred text, the qur'an, some claim that shi'a dispute the current version, i.e.	while shi'a and sunni accept the same text, the qur'an, some claim that shi'a dispute the current version, i.e.
he is principal conductor of leading period orchestra the hanover band.	he is principal conductor of leading orchestra the hanover band.
"in his report, xi promised to make china strong, propelling the country into a so-called ""new era""."	"in his report, xi promised to make china strong, propelling the country into a ""new era""."
a united nations observer team reported that african villages were singled out while arab villages were left untouched:	a united nations observer team reported that non-arab villages were singled out while arab villages were left untouched:
the lazy mans guide to enlightenment, french language edition exquisitely translated by sylvain despretz	the lazy mans guide to enlightenment, french language edition translated by sylvain despretz
the training and sophistication of the sri lankan armed forces is shown through its hard battles fought against one of the deadliest terrorist groups in the world, the ltte or better known as the tamil tigers.	the training and sophistication of the sri lankan armed forces is shown through its hard battles fought against one of the deadliest armed groups in the world, the ltte or better known as the tamil tigers.
hewitt is a long-time proponent and promoter of what hewitt, among many other conservative pundits, calls the new media - talk radio and blogs - as a means to balance purported left-wing bias in the mainstream media.	hewitt is a long-time proponent and promoter of what hewitt, among an assortment of other conservative pundits , calls the new media - talk radio and blogs - as a means to balance purported left-wing bias in the mainstream media.
the various communities of christian neo-aramaic-speaking people of iraq, syria, and turkey advocate different terms for ethnic self-designation:	the various communities of neo-aramaic-speaking people of iraq, syria, and turkey advocate different terms for ethnic self-designation:
because the norwegian police and german authorities kept careful records of these victims, researchers have been able to compile relatively complete information about the deportees.	because the norwegian police and german authorities kept records of these victims, researchers have been able to compile relatively complete information about the deportees.
this blood sport is utilized for entertainment and may also create a revenue stream from stud fees, admission fees, and gambling.	this sport is utilized for entertainment and may also create a revenue stream from stud fees, admission fees, and gambling.
one of his defining characteristics, besides excellent ball control, is his incredible speed.	one of his defining characteristics, besides excellent ball control, is his speed.
2008-2009 price crash	2008-2009 price decreases
the cartel is one of several ruthless drug trafficking organizations that have been known to decapitate their rivals, mutilate their corpses and dump them in public places to instill fear not only into the general public, but also into local law enforcement and their rivals, the sinaloa cartel.	the cartel is one of several drug trafficking organizations that have been known to decapitate their rivals, mutilate their corpses and dump them in public places to instill fear not only into the general public, but also into local law enforcement and their rivals, the sinaloa cartel.
several critics have described blonde on blonde as a satisfying conclusion to the great mid-1960s trilogy of albums which dylan had initiated with bringing it all back home and highway 61 revisited.	several critics have described blonde on blonde as a satisfying conclusion to the mid-1960s trilogy of albums which dylan had initiated with bringing it all back home and highway 61 revisited.
it is now believed that h. erectus is a descendent of more primitive ape- men such as australopithecines and early homo species.	it is now believed that h. erectus is a descendent of more primitive ape- humans such as australopithecines and early homo species.
amd continues to use industry partnerships as a means to counter intel's vastly superior financial resources.	amd continues to use industry partnerships as a means to counter intel's superior financial resources.
"though it was never fully resolved whether or not a quebec in a sovereignty-association relationship with canada would truly be free of the canadian monarchy, changes were implemented in all areas of the federal sphere, most notably in the slow removal from the public eye references to the monarch and the monarchy, in contrast to the positive ""canadianization"" of other royal symbols, such as the queen's royal standard, and the amendment of the oath of citizenship."	"though it was never fully resolved whether or not a quebec in a sovereignty-association relationship with canada would truly be free of the canadian monarchy, changes were implemented in all areas of the federal sphere, most notably in the slow removal from the public eye references to the monarch and the monarchy, in contrast to the ""canadianization"" of other royal symbols, such as the queen's royal standard, and the amendment of the oath of citizenship."
the badlands: natures time capsule interesting documentary about the badlands of south dakota.	the badlands: natures time capsule documentary about the badlands of south dakota.
although now banned on good grounds including the european human rights conventions, the test was usually administered to new boys during their first term at the school by more senior boys, and aimed to test and demonstrate their familiarity with the vocabulary, history and traditions of the school.	although now banned on various grounds including the european human rights conventions, the test was usually administered to new boys during their first term at the school by more senior boys, and aimed to test and demonstrate their familiarity with the vocabulary, history and traditions of the school.
castro came to power as a result of the cuban revolution that overthrew the u.s.-backed dictatorship of fulgencio batista, and shortly thereafter became prime minister of cuba.	castro came to power as a result of the cuban revolution that overthrew the dictatorship of fulgencio batista, and shortly thereafter became prime minister of cuba.
a military coup led by general luis altamirano in 1924 set off a period of great political instability that lasted until 1932. the longest lasting of the ten governments between those years was that of general carlos ibez, who briefly held power in 1925 and then again between 1927 and 1931 in what was a de facto dictatorship, although not really comparable in harshness or corruption to the type of military dictatorship that has often bedeviled the rest of latin america, and certainly not comparable to the horrendous regime of augusto pinochet decades later.	a military coup led by general luis altamirano in 1924 set off a period of great political instability that lasted until 1932. the longest lasting of the ten governments between those years was that of general carlos ibez, who briefly held power in 1925 and then again between 1927 and 1931 in what was a de facto dictatorship, although not really comparable in harshness or corruption to the type of military dictatorship that has often bedeviled the rest of latin america, and certainly not comparable to the regime of augusto pinochet decades later.
pinochet later assumed power and ended allende's democratically elected popular unity government, instigating a campaign of terror on its supporters which included the murder of former foreign minister orlando letelier.	pinochet later assumed power and ended allende's elected popular unity government, instigating a campaign of terror on its supporters which included the murder of former foreign minister orlando letelier.
he supported the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between poland and the soviet union, which had been severed after the soviet pact with germany and the 1939 invasion of poland however, soviet dictator joseph stalin broke off soviet-polish diplomatic relations in april 1943 following sikorski's request that the international red cross investigate the katy forest massacre.	he supported the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between poland and the soviet union, which had been severed after the soviet pact with germany and the 1939 invasion of poland however, soviet leader joseph stalin broke off soviet-polish diplomatic relations in april 1943 following sikorski's request that the international red cross investigate the katy forest massacre.
"billy joel's seminal 1989 hit single we didn't start the fire features the edsel in the verse dealing with events of 1959: ""edsel is a no-go."""	"billy joel's 1989 hit single we didn't start the fire features the edsel in the verse dealing with events of 1959: ""edsel is a no-go."""
on february 16, 1981 she and her husband were shot and seriously wounded by loyalist paramilitaries who broke into her home.	on february 16, 1981 she and her husband were shot and seriously wounded by unionist paramilitaries who broke into her home.
masters of the universe was released theatrically in the united states on august 7, 1987, and was a critical and commercial failure with grossing $17 million worldwide against a budget of only $22 million.	masters of the universe was released theatrically in the united states on august 7, 1987, and was a critical and commercial failure with grossing $17 million worldwide against a budget of $22 million.
the center for science in the public interest (cspi) is a controversial non-profit watchdog group headed by michael jacobson.	the center for science in the public interest (cspi) is a non-profit watchdog group headed by michael jacobson.
actress/ comedienne thelma todd, who died mysteriously in december 1935, spent an evening at the trocadero at a party thrown by ida lupino and her father stanley.	actress/ comedian thelma todd, who died mysteriously in december 1935, spent an evening at the trocadero at a party thrown by ida lupino and her father stanley.
the lobby comprises 390 journalists, of whom 11 are openly party-political appointees.	the lobby comprises 390 journalists, of whom 11 are party-political appointees.
the battle is said to have been fought in the picturesque valley known as valcarlos, which is now occupied by a hamlet bearing the same name, and in the adjoining pass of ibaeta (roncevaux pass).	the battle is said to have been fought in the valley known as valcarlos, which is now occupied by a hamlet bearing the same name, and in the adjoining pass of ibaeta (roncevaux pass).
"the petition outlines that the spanish government has ""decided to brand a completely legitimate political group as terrorists in an attempt to subvert the ever present basque national liberation struggle""."	"the petition claims that the spanish government has ""decided to brand a completely legitimate political group as terrorists in an attempt to subvert the ever present basque national liberation struggle""."
the john randoph club (jrc) is a paleoconservative social and political organization founded in the 1980s and operated by the rockford institute with chapters throughout the united states.	the john randoph club (jrc) is a conservative social and political organization founded in the 1980s and operated by the rockford institute with chapters throughout the united states.
in the 2001 blockbuster movie adapted from the battle of mogadishu (black hawk down by mark bowden), sfc shughart was portrayed by actor johnny strong.	in the 2001 movie adapted from the battle of mogadishu (black hawk down by mark bowden), sfc shughart was portrayed by actor johnny strong.
the 1985 campaign saw 12 wins and a division title, but that was followed by an embarrassing home playoff loss to the patriots.	the 1985 campaign saw 12 wins and a division title, but that was followed by an home playoff loss to the patriots.
peta has used some unusual methods to make its point.	peta has used some unorthodox methods to make its point.
the latter performance was harshly criticized for promoting bulimia when artist millie brown vomited paint on gaga onstage.	the latter performance was criticized for promoting bulimia when artist millie brown vomited paint on gaga onstage.
some people mistakenly believe that dice can be used for divination.	some people believe that dice can be used for divination.
on the night of 2627 february 1991, some defeated iraqi forces began leaving kuwait on the main highway north of al jahra in a column of some 1,400 vehicles.	on the night of 2627 february 1991, some iraqi forces began leaving kuwait on the main highway north of al jahra in a column of some 1,400 vehicles.
sue-ann post, australian comedienne and writer	sue-ann post, australian comedian and writer
several other publications have commented on the incident, often criticizing wikipedia (and the open editing model employed by the encyclopedia) as unreliable with the seigenthaler incident offered as proof .	several other publications have commented on the incident, often criticizing wikipedia (and the open editing model employed by the encyclopedia) as unreliable with the seigenthaler incident offered as evidence .
reference to berlin in relation to the haskalah movement is necessary because it provides context for this triumphant episode of jewish history.	reference to berlin in relation to the haskalah movement is necessary because it provides context for this episode of jewish history.
the season 1 cast includes: kelsey grammer's wife (now ex-wife) camille donatacci, former child star and paris hilton's aunts kim richards and kyle richards who are sisters, heiress and businesswoman adrienne maloof-nassif, restaurant-owner and entrepreneur lisa vanderpump-todd, and eimplement, inc. founder taylor armstrong.	the season 1 cast includes: kelsey grammer's wife (now ex-wife) camille donatacci, former child actresses and paris hilton's aunts kim richards and kyle richards who are sisters, heiress and businesswoman adrienne maloof-nassif, restaurant-owner and entrepreneur lisa vanderpump-todd, and eimplement, inc. founder taylor armstrong.
abrinovi confessed to his crimes , but believed himself a serbian hero and true nationalist.	abrinovi confessed to his actions , but believed himself a serbian hero and true nationalist.
apsrtc was honored with prestigious road safety award by united kingdom based chartered institute of transport	apsrtc was honored with the road safety award by united kingdom based chartered institute of transport
appropriately located on acdc lane (off flinders lane between russell st and exhibition st), the bar threw out existing artists studios in the building to make a rock music venue and has become a popular concert after-party venue for touring bands and their crew.	located on acdc lane (off flinders lane between russell st and exhibition st), the bar threw out existing artists studios in the building to make a rock music venue and has become a popular concert after-party venue for touring bands and their crew.
in the 1930s plauen earned the dubious distinction of hosting the first chapter of the nazi party outside of bavaria.	in the 1930s plauen earned the distinction of hosting the first chapter of the nazi party outside of bavaria.
this route had secretly been scouted by the palestinians in the weeks leading up to the assault, and a careful ambush prepared.	this route had secretly been scouted by the attackers in the weeks leading up to the assault, and a careful ambush prepared.
sayyid hussein el-husseini (born 15 april 1937) is a lebanese statesman and former speaker of the lebanese parliament, whose efforts in brokering and fathering the taif agreement led to the end of the lebanese civil war in 1990. el-husseini, as co-founder of the amal movement, is regarded as one of the founders of the lebanese resistance.	sayyid hussein el-husseini (born 15 april 1937) is a lebanese politician and former speaker of the lebanese parliament, whose efforts in brokering and fathering the taif agreement led to the end of the lebanese civil war in 1990. el-husseini, as co-founder of the amal movement, is regarded as one of the founders of the lebanese resistance.
the shootings have also been called belfast bloody sunday, a reference to another massacre of civilians by the same battalion a few months later.	the shootings have also been called belfast bloody sunday, a reference to another killing of civilians by the same battalion a few months later.
enhanced versions of the engine were used by treyarch in their call of duty games (after call of duty 4) and quantum of solace.	modified versions of the engine were used by treyarch in their call of duty games (after call of duty 4) and quantum of solace.
mayweather during his comeback bout against mexican legend juan manuel marquez, in 2009	mayweather during his comeback bout against mexican boxer juan manuel marquez, in 2009
this fact was largely ignored by the mainstream corporate media but was widely available on the internet.	this fact was largely ignored by the mainstream media but was widely available on the internet.
"in reference to mccartney's ferocious guitar solo, harrison said, ""i was pleased to have paul play that bit on 'taxman'."	"in reference to mccartney's guitar solo, harrison said, ""i was pleased to have paul play that bit on 'taxman'."
noblesse oblige, while seeming to impose on the nobility a duty to behave nobly, thereby surreptitiously gives the aristocracy a justification for their privilege.	noblesse oblige, while seeming to impose on the nobility a duty to behave nobly, thereby apparently gives the aristocracy a justification for their privilege.
martha stewart (born august 3, 1941) is an american business magnate, entrepreneur, ex-convict and homemaking advocate.	martha stewart (born august 3, 1941) is an american business magnate, entrepreneur, and homemaking advocate.
annette stai is a norwegian supermodel .	annette stai is a norwegian model .
tetra pak's first product was a revolutionary paper carton used for storing and transporting milk.	tetra pak's first product was a paper carton used for storing and transporting milk.
to this effect, researchers emphasize the importance of assessing overall vocabulary in bilinguals because assessing only one is an incredible underestimation of their true knowledge, and when assessed in overall vocabulary bilingual children were no different from monolingual children in terms of language development.	to this effect, researchers emphasize the importance of assessing overall vocabulary in bilinguals because assessing only one is an underestimation of their true knowledge, and when assessed in overall vocabulary bilingual children were no different from monolingual children in terms of language development.
piles onto trees or electricity lines, significant damage may occur on a scale usually associated with hurricanes .	piles onto trees or electricity lines, significant damage may occur on a scale usually associated with strong tropical cyclones .
metrobus is a controversial new bus rapid transit system that is being constructed in bristol, england.	metrobus is a new bus rapid transit system that is being constructed in bristol, england.
iraqi resistance and outbreak of sectarian violence.	iraqi insurgency and outbreak of sectarian violence.
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict, the city often received media attention because of its being the frequent target of multiple indiscriminate hezbollah katyusha rocket attacks.	during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict, the city often received media attention because of its being the frequent target of multiple hezbollah katyusha rocket attacks.
yale's purported emphasis on undergraduate teaching is unusual among its peer research universities.	yale's emphasis on undergraduate teaching is unusual among its peer research universities.
played at many rave events & clubs, a resident at legendary equinox milwaukees.	played at many rave events & clubs, a resident at equinox milwaukees.
moab is my washpot (published 1997) is stephen frys humorous autobiography, covering the first 20 years of his life.	moab is my washpot (published 1997) is stephen frys autobiography, covering the first 20 years of his life.
in february 2012 peter gleick deceptively obtained internal heartland institute documents and then leaked them to public websites.	in february 2012 peter gleick obtained internal heartland institute documents and then leaked them to public websites.
sadly a plan for its future development is now being under consideration.	a plan for its future development is now being under consideration.
born in bellshill, lanarkshire, he was part of the famous celtic team that won the european cup in 1967. john is perhaps the most undervalued player among the lisbon lions team, his subtle sweeping up in the half-back position beside billy mcneil was integral to the success of the team.	born in bellshill, lanarkshire, he was part of the celtic team that won the european cup in 1967. john is perhaps the most undervalued player among the lisbon lions team, his subtle sweeping up in the half-back position beside billy mcneil was integral to the success of the team.
following cobain's suicide in april of 1994, grohl retreated, unsure of where to go and what to do with himself.	following cobain's death in april of 1994, grohl retreated, unsure of where to go and what to do with himself.
the vast area of operations and the wear and tear of machines took its toll.	the extensive area of operations and the wear and tear of machines took its toll.
okres) including 3 'statutory cities' with the status of districts and the city-district-region of prague (hlavn msto praha) were disbanded in an ill-executed administrative reform; however they are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration.	okres) including 3 'statutory cities' with the status of districts and the city-district-region of prague (hlavn msto praha) were disbanded in an administrative reform; however they are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration.
gsds are often used as guard, seeing eye, and police dogs and more specifically search and rescue, narcotics dogs, and bomb scenting dogs which further contributes to the misguided perception that they are a dangerous breed.	gsds are often used as guard, seeing eye, and police dogs and more specifically search and rescue, narcotics dogs, and bomb scenting dogs which further contributes to the perception that they are a dangerous breed.
of the eleven bakeries operated by old hb, hostess brands originally retained four, in columbus, georgia; emporia, kansas; indianapolis and schiller park, illinois.	of the eleven bakeries operated by old hb, hostess brands retained four, in columbus, georgia; emporia, kansas; indianapolis and schiller park, illinois.
this tactless scene was one of the main reasons why vadim yusov, who was the cameraman for all of tarkovsky's previous films refused to work with him together on the mirror.	this scene was one of the main reasons why vadim yusov, who was the cameraman for all of tarkovsky's previous films refused to work with him together on the mirror.
derringer has made use of his status as a prominent radio personality to raise money for various causes.	derringer has made use of his status as a radio personality to raise money for various causes.
while there have been a few settlements, including one for half a million dollars, no former patient had won a case until 2005. in a 2005 south carolina court proceeding, peggy s. salters became the first ect survivor to win a jury verdict and compensation.	while there have been a few settlements, including one for half a million dollars, no former patient had won a case until 2005. in a 2005 south carolina court proceeding, peggy s. salters became the first ect patient to win a jury verdict and compensation.
this extraordinary quantity of wealth, much of it collected as 'taxes', was absolutely critical in expanding public and private infrastructure in britain and in financing british expansionism elsewhere in asia and africa.	this extraordinary quantity of wealth, much of it collected as 'taxes', was absolutely critical in expanding public and private infrastructure in britain and in financing british expansion elsewhere in asia and africa.
after a quiet 2015, where the closest garca came to victory was the players championship where he lost out in a playoff to rickie fowler he also came agonisingly close at the honda classic.	after a 2015, where the closest garca came to victory was the players championship where he lost out in a playoff to rickie fowler he also came agonisingly close at the honda classic.
today, tas graduates attend leading universities in america and around the world.	today, tas graduates attend universities in america and around the world.
rexx is widely used as a scripting and macro language, and is often used for processing data and text and generating reports; these similarities with perl mean that rexx works well in common gateway interface (cgi) programming and it is indeed used for this purpose.	rexx is used as a scripting and macro language, and is often used for processing data and text and generating reports; these similarities with perl mean that rexx works well in common gateway interface (cgi) programming and it is indeed used for this purpose.
"the fatwa lists three so-called ""crimes and sins committed by the americans"":"	"the fatwa lists three ""crimes and sins committed by the americans"":"
while nlq was well received in the ibm pc market, the apple macintosh market curiously did not use nlq mode at all, as it did not rely on the printer's own fonts.	while nlq was well received in the ibm pc market, the apple macintosh market did not use nlq mode at all, as it did not rely on the printer's own fonts.
"david mallet's music video for the song features scenes from fritz lang's 1927 sci-fi classic metropolisfreddie mercury's solo song ""love kills"" was used in giorgio moroder's restored version of the film, and in exchange queen were granted the rights to use footage from it in their ""radio ga ga"" video."	"david mallet's music video for the song features scenes from fritz lang's 1927 sci-fi movie metropolisfreddie mercury's solo song ""love kills"" was used in giorgio moroder's restored version of the film, and in exchange queen were granted the rights to use footage from it in their ""radio ga ga"" video."
unfortunately , most programming languages do not support multiple dispatch.	however , most programming languages do not support multiple dispatch.
in 2003 cowen, as minister for foreign affairs, was the victim of a bizarre personal attack by the leader of northern ireland's democratic unionist party, ian paisley, a former outspoken critic of the republic of ireland and its government.	in 2003 cowen, as minister for foreign affairs, was the victim of a personal attack by the leader of northern ireland's democratic unionist party, ian paisley, a former outspoken critic of the republic of ireland and its government.
although the united states promoted woodrow wilson's utopian fourteen points and the ideals of self-determination at the conference, wilson was unable to advance these ideals in the face of stubborn resistance by david lloyd george, georges clemenceau and the us congress.	although the united states promoted woodrow wilson's fourteen points and the ideals of self-determination at the conference, wilson was unable to advance these ideals in the face of stubborn resistance by david lloyd george, georges clemenceau and the us congress.
the port of brookings harbor was severely damaged by tidal surges from a tsunami on march 11, 2011. the largest surge was estimated to be nearly .	the port of brookings harbor was damaged by tidal surges from a tsunami on march 11, 2011. the largest surge was estimated to be nearly .
"the album was premiered online on havnevik's official web site for 48hours from 1112 march 2006, and was added to apple computer's itunes music store on 27 march 2006. it was commercially released on cd on 3 april in norway; a special uk edition, omitting ""someday"", and instead including ""travel in time"", was released on 16 october 2006. a special edition, featuring a new song entitled ""timeless,"" which was featured in season three of hit abc hospital drama, ""grey's anatomy,"" was released in the united states on 27 march 2007 exactly one year after its itunes release."	"the album was premiered online on havnevik's official web site for 48hours from 1112 march 2006, and was added to apple computer's itunes music store on 27 march 2006. it was commercially released on cd on 3 april in norway; a special uk edition, omitting ""someday"", and instead including ""travel in time"", was released on 16 october 2006. a special edition, featuring a new song entitled ""timeless,"" which was featured in season three of abc hospital drama, ""grey's anatomy,"" was released in the united states on 27 march 2007 exactly one year after its itunes release."
"this meant that the cost of accessing memory grew tremendously over this period, and since mach was based on mapping memory around between programs, any ""cache miss"" made ipc calls excruciatingly slow."	"this meant that the cost of accessing memory grew tremendously over this period, and since mach was based on mapping memory around between programs, any ""cache miss"" made ipc calls slow."
a derogatory and sexist slang term for someone (usually female) who performs fellatio	a derogatory and slang term for someone (usually female) who performs fellatio
barret, dupertuis, melton and lewis mention criticism by the media, rawat's mother, bob mishler, and anticultists respectively.	barret, dupertuis, melton and lewis mention criticism by the media, rawat's mother, bob mishler, and former members respectively.
"the signifier ""roman"" (rum millet, ""roman nation"") was also used by the byzantine greeks' later ottoman rivals, and its turkish equivalent rm, ""romans"", continues to be used officially by the government of turkey to denote the greek -speaking natives (rumlar) of istanbul, as well as the ecumenical patriarchate of constantinople (, ""roman orthodox patriarchate"" )."	"the signifier ""roman"" (rum millet, ""roman nation"") was also used by the byzantine greeks' later ottoman rivals, and its turkish equivalent rm, ""romans"", continues to be used officially by the government of turkey to denote the greek natives (rumlar) of istanbul, as well as the ecumenical patriarchate of constantinople (, ""roman orthodox patriarchate"" )."
the enterprise arrives in time to save the crew of the uss defiant and its captain, the klingon worf.	the enterprise arrives in time to assist the crew of the uss defiant and its captain, the klingon worf.
also founded by carto was the institute for historical review, a group known for publishing holocaust revisionism books and articles.	also founded by carto was the institute for historical review, a group known for publishing holocaust denial books and articles.
on nov 14th, 2008, gaza was blockaded by israel, leaving 1.5 million people without food, power, heat and water, in response to attacks by hamas and other terrorist groups operating inside gaza	on nov 14th, 2008, gaza was blockaded by israel, leaving 1.5 million people without food, power, heat and water, in response to attacks by hamas and other militant groups operating inside gaza
the socialist party is also involved in many community campaigns, leading a victorious struggle against a water tax in dublin in the mid-1990s.	the socialist party is also involved in many community campaigns, including involvement in a victorious struggle against a water tax in dublin in the mid-1990s.
his job consisted of menial tasks such as changing shower curtains and light bulbs, vacuuming corridors and polishing glass chandeliers and brass.	his job consisted of tasks such as changing shower curtains and light bulbs, vacuuming corridors and polishing glass chandeliers and brass.
althorne was home to phillip scott burge who was one of the top british fighter aces in world war one with 11 enemy kills between march and july 1918. sadly he was killed when he was shot down over seclin, france on 24 july 1918.	althorne was home to phillip scott burge who was one of the top british fighter aces in world war one with 11 enemy kills between march and july 1918. he was killed when he was shot down over seclin, france on 24 july 1918.
it is designed for gnu/ linux, mac os x, bsd and windows and planned support for android.	it is designed for linux, mac os x, bsd and windows and planned support for android.
naomi campbell (born may 22, 1970) is an english supermodel , singer, author, actress and fashion designer.	naomi campbell (born may 22, 1970) is an english model , singer, author, actress and fashion designer.
only eight months after being sworn in, zimpher had to deal with another athletic controversy, this time at binghamton university.	eight months after being sworn in, zimpher had to deal with another athletic controversy, this time at binghamton university.
frodsham is home to frodsham high school, a science and technology college but unfortunately it is faced with closure and amalgamation with helsby high school	frodsham is home to frodsham high school, a science and technology college but it is faced with closure and amalgamation with helsby high school
geraldine mcewan (born geraldine mckeown on 9 may 1932) is an english actress , with a diverse history in theatre, film and television.	geraldine mcewan (born geraldine mckeown on 9 may 1932) is an english actor , with a diverse history in theatre, film and television.
a good definition of political lesbian is given by jeffreys:	a definition of political lesbian is given by jeffreys:
the issue has become a focal point in the culture wars, with fundamentalist christians and social conservatives and glbtq activists taking predictable stances on the proper response to these behaviors.	the issue has become a focal point in the culture wars, with fundamentalist christians and social conservatives and glbtq activists taking different stances on the proper response to these behaviors.
in may 1738, wesley attended a moravian meeting on aldersgate street in london where he was spiritually transformed during a reading of martin luther's preface to the epistle to the romans.	in may 1738, wesley attended a moravian meeting on aldersgate street in london where he felt spiritually transformed during a reading of martin luther's preface to the epistle to the romans.
hodge was created minister for children in 2003 before becoming minister of state for culture and tourism in 2005. on 9 june 2010 she was elected chairman of the influential public accounts committee, in succession to sir edward leigh mp.	hodge was created minister for children in 2003 before becoming minister of state for culture and tourism in 2005. on 9 june 2010 she was elected chairman of the public accounts committee, in succession to sir edward leigh mp.
a poll of americans in 2013 by public policy polling showed that 4% of registered voters (+/- 2.8%) believed in david icke's ideas.	a poll of americans in 2013 by public policy polling indicated that 4% of registered voters (+/- 2.8%) believed in david icke's ideas.
jos mart international airport in havana is named after this leader of cuban independence.	jos mart international airport in havana and the town mart were named after this leader of cuban independence.
on july 19 1979, the sandinista national liberation front overthrew the dictator anastasio somoza and established a pro-marxist, communist government that had ties to the soviet union and cuba.	on july 19 1979, the sandinista national liberation front overthrew the dictator anastasio somoza and established a pro-marxist, government that had ties to the soviet union and cuba.
despite the strong start, sales of third stage were far below the first two albums, with fewer than five million copies sold to date.	despite the strong start, sales of third stage were below the first two albums, with fewer than five million copies sold to date.
the american psychiatric association (apa) does not yet recognize sex addiction as a mental illness; however, the apa has classifications that are helpful for understanding sexual behavior disorders.	the american psychiatric association (apa) does not recognize sex addiction as a mental illness; however, the apa has classifications that are helpful for understanding sexual behavior disorders.
on june 28th 2012 gawker's adrien chen posted a misguided story titled buzzfeed and the plagiarism problem .	on june 28th 2012 gawker's adrien chen posted a story titled buzzfeed and the plagiarism problem .
once islamic rule is established in a country, non-muslims are permitted only second-class dhimmi status as protected from violence.	once islamic rule is established in a country, non-muslims are permitted only dhimmi status as protected from violence.
in a speech addressing the shooting, trump championed tackling mental health and school security issues.	in a speech addressing the shooting, trump discussed tackling mental health and school security issues.
the hindenburg accident in 1937, combined with political and economic issues, contributed to the demise of the zeppelin.	the hindenburg fire in 1937, combined with political and economic issues, contributed to the demise of the zeppelin.
george ouzounian, (b. march 1978, in salt lake city, utah), better known by his pseudonym maddox, is the creator of the best page in the universe, a humor website which holds the honor of being one of the most visited websites online.	george ouzounian, (b. march 1978, in salt lake city, utah), better known by his pseudonym maddox, is the creator of the best page in the universe, a humor website which holds the distinction of being one of the most visited websites online.
its territory would include districts, municipalities, and regions where serbs were the majority and also those where they had allegedly become a minority because of persecution during world war ii.	its territory would include districts, municipalities, and regions where serbs were the majority and also those where they had become a minority because of persecution during world war ii.
bodies that matter seeks to clear up confusions produced by willful and inadvertent mis/readings of performativity that simplistically view the enactment of sex/gender as a daily choice.	bodies that matter seeks to clear up confusions produced by willful and inadvertent mis/readings of performativity that view the enactment of sex/gender as a daily choice.
"the term is also used in a narrower sense to describe the fundamental ""fireball"" that supposedly erupted at or close to time t=0 in the history of the universe."	"the term is also used in a narrower sense to describe the fundamental ""fireball"" that erupted at or close to time t=0 in the history of the universe."
"at the funeral of the 'gibraltar three', three mourners were murdered by the loyalist gunman michael stone in what became known as the ""milltown massacre""."	"at the funeral of the 'gibraltar three', three mourners were killed by the loyalist gunman michael stone in what became known as the ""milltown massacre""."
in addition to rendering legal advice to the united states attorney general and subordinate offices within the justice department, it serves as a nexus where major policy decisions within the department can be developed, coordinated, and successfully implemented.	in addition to rendering legal advice to the united states attorney general and subordinate offices within the justice department, it serves as a nexus where major policy decisions within the department can be developed, coordinated, and implemented.
in march 2013, days before the launch of the new lotus e21, american giant honeywell pulled out of a reported 50 million sponsorship agreement with the team.	in march 2013, days before the launch of the new lotus e21, american conglomerate honeywell pulled out of a reported 50 million sponsorship agreement with the team.
fairchild and his wife made the kampong their permanent home from 1928 until their passing in 1954 and 1962 respectively.	fairchild and his wife made the kampong their permanent home from 1928 until their deaths in 1954 and 1962 respectively.
her bleeding-heart perspective saves the doctor's life when they first meet, and persuades him to act more compassionately and make exceptions to conventions in order to save individual lives.	her human perspective saves the doctor's life when they first meet, and persuades him to act more compassionately and make exceptions to conventions in order to save individual lives.
the bosnian genocide or bosnia genocide was an organized murder of bosnian muslims (bosniaks) during the bosnian war between 1992 and 1995, where authorities of republika srpska and its army targeted for extinction a wide group of bosnian muslims (bosniaks).	the bosnian genocide or bosnia genocide was an organized killing of bosnian muslims (bosniaks) during the bosnian war between 1992 and 1995, where authorities of republika srpska and its army targeted for extinction a wide group of bosnian muslims (bosniaks).
"on 23 march 1982, retired general efran ros montt came to power as the chairman of a military junta that embarked upon a genocidal ""scorched-earth"" counterinsurgency campaign in the indigenous highlands against the urng and its supporters."	"on 23 march 1982, retired general efran ros montt came to power as the chairman of a military junta that embarked upon a violent ""scorched-earth"" counterinsurgency campaign in the indigenous highlands against the urng and its supporters."
michael blackson moved up the acting ladder with his great performance in the 2000 comedy film next friday produced by producer ice cube's film production company cubevision .	michael blackson moved up the acting ladder with his performance in the 2000 comedy film next friday produced by producer ice cube's film production company cubevision .
christian website explaining gog and magog	christian website purporting to explain gog and magog
it is believed this surge has been greatly helped by regeneration work in the area, and in particular the popular new housing estate east shore village, built on the site of the former vane tempest colliery.	it is believed this surge has been greatly helped by regeneration work in the area, and in particular the new housing estate east shore village, built on the site of the former vane tempest colliery.
according to the chinese government, the human rights situation in tibet has been greatly improved, especially notable is the emancipation of millions of serfs and slaves in tibet in late 1950s.	according to the chinese government, the human rights situation in tibet has been greatly improved, especially emphasized is the emancipation of millions of serfs and slaves in tibet in late 1950s.
a painfully boring affair in everett, washington in 1967 drew just over 6,000; there would not be another meaningful cfl game in the united states until the cusp of us expansion itself in 1992.	a painfully boring affair in everett, washington in 1967 drew just over 6,000; there would not be another cfl game in the united states until the cusp of us expansion itself in 1992.
in 2003, blake moved the forums from his personal site over to a new site as part of a movement called the binary revolution.. along with the forums, he launched a new internet radio show called binary revolution radio, presenting episodes each week on different aspects of hacker culture, usually with a different co-host each episode.	in 2003, blake moved the forums from his personal site over to a new site as part of a project called the binary revolution.. along with the forums, he launched a new internet radio show called binary revolution radio, presenting episodes each week on different aspects of hacker culture, usually with a different co-host each episode.
link is a famous character from the legend of zelda game series.	link is a character from the legend of zelda game series.
"plato (, pltn, ""wide, broad-shouldered""; c. 428/427 c. 348/347 bc) was an ancient greek philosopher, the second of the great trio of ancient greekssocrates, plato, and aristotlewho between them are said to have laid the philosophical foundations of western culture."	"plato (, pltn, ""wide, broad-shouldered""; c. 428/427 c. 348/347 bc) was an ancient greek philosopher, the second of the trio of ancient greekssocrates, plato, and aristotlewho between them are said to have laid the philosophical foundations of western culture."
i will try not to leave this site, as it is often not worth the time.	i will try not to leave this site, even though it is often not worth the time.
"the oif promotes intellectual freedom, which the ala defines as ""the right of every individual to both seek and receive information from all points of view without restriction."	"the oif 's stated goal is the promotion of intellectual freedom, which the ala defines as ""the right of every individual to both seek and receive information from all points of view without restriction."
alckmin has been linked to the ultra- conservative catholic organization opus dei , whose membership also include his cousin and deceased uncle.	alckmin has been linked to the conservative catholic organization opus dei , whose membership also include his cousin and deceased uncle.
though a committed royalist when he was young, hugo's views refined as the decades passed; he became a passionate supporter of republicanism, and his work touches upon most of the political and social issues and artistic trends of his time.	though a committed royalist when he was young, hugo's views changed as the decades passed; he became a passionate supporter of republicanism, and his work touches upon most of the political and social issues and artistic trends of his time.
chopra began his career as an endocrinologist and later shifted his focus to quackery .	chopra began his career as an endocrinologist and later shifted his focus to alternative medicine .
"on june 27, 2012, boost mobile announced it would release the blackberry curve 9310 on july 10, for only $100 outright, along with a new ""bbm unlimited"" plan offering unlimited talk, text, and blackberry messenger starting at $45 a month."	"on june 27, 2012, boost mobile announced it would release the blackberry curve 9310 on july 10, for $100 outright, along with a new ""bbm unlimited"" plan offering unlimited talk, text, and blackberry messenger starting at $45 a month."
the so-called skype scandal in the australian military occurred when footage of a young male recruit having sex with a female classmate was streamed online to cadets in another room without her knowledge.	the skype scandal in the australian military occurred when footage of a young male recruit having sex with a female classmate was streamed online to cadets in another room without her knowledge.
williams & connolly llp is a prominent litigation firm based in washington, d.c. the firm was founded by legendary trial lawyer edward bennett williams, who left the partnership of d.c. firm hogan & hartson to launch his own litigation boutique.	williams & connolly llp is a prominent litigation firm based in washington, d.c. the firm was founded by trial lawyer edward bennett williams, who left the partnership of d.c. firm hogan & hartson to launch his own litigation boutique.
charles e. kirk graduated from the highly-regarded st. charles preparatory school in columbus, ohio in 1989 and from cornell college in mt.	charles e. kirk graduated from the st. charles preparatory school in columbus, ohio in 1989 and from cornell college in mt.
radon is an important contributor to environmental radioactivity.	radon is an significant contributor to environmental radioactivity.
lachey starred in the dull hit reality television series newlyweds: nick and jessica with his then-wife, fellow pop singer jessica simpson.	lachey starred in the hit reality television series newlyweds: nick and jessica with his then-wife, fellow pop singer jessica simpson.
bbc news has been banned in several countries primarily for unbiased reporting which has been unfavourable to the ruling government.	bbc news has been banned in several countries primarily for reporting which has been unfavourable to the ruling government.
sikhism (ipa: or ; , , ipa: ) is a major religion that found its genesis in sixteenth century northern india with the teachings of nanak and nine successive human gurus.	sikhism (ipa: or ; , , ipa: ) is a religion that found its genesis in sixteenth century northern india with the teachings of nanak and nine successive human gurus.
senior allied commanders and/or politicians believed that knowledge of fighting against pro-axis french forces could have a negative effect on public opinion in allied countries.	senior allied commanders and/or politicians believed that knowledge of fighting against french forces could have a negative effect on public opinion in allied countries.
an in-depth analysis of firearms trace data by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives (atf) over the past three years shows that weapons are being traced to dealers in virtually every state, as far north as washington state, and that texas, arizona and california are the three most prolific source states, respectively, for firearms subsequently illegally trafficked to mexico.	an analysis of firearms trace data by the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms and explosives (atf) over the past three years shows that weapons are being traced to dealers in virtually every state, as far north as washington state, and that texas, arizona and california are the three most prolific source states, respectively, for firearms subsequently illegally trafficked to mexico.
millennium park is a prominent new civic center of the city of chicago in illinois and an important landmark of the city's lakefront.	millennium park is a prominent civic center of the city of chicago in illinois and an important landmark of the city's lakefront.
the pyramids, which have always loomed large as emblems of ancient egypt in the western imagination, were popularised in hellenistic times, when the great pyramid was listed by antipater of sidon as one of the seven wonders of the world.	the pyramids, which have historically loomed large as emblems of ancient egypt in the western imagination, were popularised in hellenistic times, when the great pyramid was listed by antipater of sidon as one of the seven wonders of the world.
the constraints of distributed system development are not an inherent part of uml, much as the plot of a great novel is not part of the rules of grammar.	the constraints of distributed system development are not an inherent part of uml, much as the plot of a novel is not part of the rules of grammar.
- portugal has offered the assistance of 50 firemen , in the scope of the eu civil protection mechanism	- portugal has offered the assistance of 50 firefighters , in the scope of the eu civil protection mechanism
methylphenidate is a mild central nervous system stimulant thought to exert its effect by enhancing dopaminergic transmission in the brain.	methylphenidate is a central nervous system stimulant thought to exert its effect by enhancing dopaminergic transmission in the brain.
some churches as well as individuals, especially within revealed religions that are justified in terms of an authenticated scripture, take offense when historical aspects their faith, or what they consider to be the word of god, are characterized by outsiders as an expression of myth.	some religious groups as well as individuals, especially within revealed religions that are justified in terms of an authenticated scripture, take offense when historical aspects their faith, or what they consider to be the word of god, are characterized by outsiders as an expression of myth.
a prize foundation fund in the name of libyan dictator muammar al-gaddafi was established in geneva in 1989, and nelson mandela was selected the first recipient of the fund's gaddafi international human rights prize.	a prize foundation fund in the name of libyan leader muammar al-gaddafi was established in geneva in 1989, and nelson mandela was selected the first recipient of the fund's gaddafi international human rights prize.
although his older brother omid nazari plays for the iranian national football team.	his older brother omid nazari plays for the iranian national football team.
ryan is called back to his company's offices in omaha, nebraska, where he finds out that an ambitious young coworker named natalie keener (anna kendrick) is pushing a plan to cut costs by having employees stay grounded and conduct layoffs over the internet.	ryan is called back to his company's offices in omaha, nebraska, where he finds out that an ambitious young coworker named natalie keener (anna kendrick) is promoting a plan to cut costs by having employees stay grounded and conduct layoffs over the internet.
unfortunately this law is not enforced in greece.	this law is not enforced in greece.
the number of electrons in a neutral atom increases with the atomic number.	the number of electrons in an electrically neutral atom increases with the atomic number.
sel roti is a delicious homemade circular-shaped bread prepared during tihar, a widely celebrated hindu festival in nepal.	sel roti is a homemade circular-shaped bread prepared during tihar, a widely celebrated hindu festival in nepal.
the texans announced in 2005 following their dismal record of 2-14 (worst in nfl) that capers would be fired january 2, 2006.	the texans announced in 2005 following their record of 2-14 (worst in nfl) that capers would be fired january 2, 2006.
"poenitentiam agite is a latin term famously used in martin luther's ninety-five theses and translated variously as ""repent ye"" and ""do penance""."	"poenitentiam agite is a latin term used in martin luther's ninety-five theses and translated variously as ""repent ye"" and ""do penance""."
she writes radical left-wing dramas and comedies.	she writes left-wing dramas and comedies.
"flame's dj, cho'zyn boy, explained that perry's song is nearly identical as ""joyful noise"", only ten bpm slower in tempo and one step higher in pitch."	"flame's dj, cho'zyn boy, stated that perry's song is nearly identical as ""joyful noise"", only ten bpm slower in tempo and one step higher in pitch."
"although she was raised as member of the most privileged, ruling class elite within british society, she rejected this background to join the women's social and political union (wspu) in 1909, the most militant group of suffragette activists, campaigning fo ""votes for women""."	"although she was raised as member of the privileged, ruling class elite within british society, she rejected this background to join the women's social and political union (wspu) in 1909, the most militant group of suffragette activists, campaigning fo ""votes for women""."
"opponents of many of the deferrals argue that these policies are not supported by medical science, while the united states food & drug administration (fda) asserts that ""the 1 year deferral window is supported by the best available scientific evidence."""	"opponents of many of the deferrals assert that these policies are not supported by medical science, while the united states food & drug administration (fda) asserts that ""the 1 year deferral window is supported by the best available scientific evidence."""
"the website of the conservative party, which is now the largest party in a coalition government in the uk, states that a conservative government would ""tackle unacceptable cultural practices by"", amongst other measures, ""classifying khat""."	"the website of the conservative party, which is now the largest party in a coalition government in the uk, previously stated that a conservative government would ""tackle unacceptable cultural practices by"", amongst other measures, ""classifying khat""."
olson claims there is a constitutional right for same-sex marriage.	olson believes there is a constitutional right for same-sex marriage.
julia louis-dreyfus (born 1961), american actress and comedienne (seinfeld)	julia louis-dreyfus (born 1961), american actress and comedian (seinfeld)
thanks in large part to strong play by peca, yashin and osgood, the new-look islanders opened the season on a tear, going 111-11 en route to finishing with 96 points, their best point total in 18 years, and just one point short of their first division title in 14 years.	thanks in large part to strong play by peca, yashin and osgood, the new-look islanders opened the season on a tear, going 111-11 en route to finishing with 96 points, their best point total in 18 years, and one point short of their first division title in 14 years.
"booker claims that the the graph became the ""supreme iconic image for all those engaged in the battle to save the world from global warming""."	"booker asserts that the the graph became the ""supreme iconic image for all those engaged in the battle to save the world from global warming""."
those here with an asterisk, along with several other minor beaches on the hauraki gulf coast, are collectively known as east coast bays.	those here with an asterisk, along with several other beaches on the hauraki gulf coast, are collectively known as east coast bays.
the following month, robinson's candidacy was endorsed by the radical vancouver newspaper the georgia straight.. at the election, in which the ndp performed strongly in most british columbia ridings, fry was easily re-elected.	the following month, robinson's candidacy was endorsed by the vancouver newspaper the georgia straight.. at the election, in which the ndp performed strongly in most british columbia ridings, fry was easily re-elected.
he is the second of six sons born to leftist attorney vincent hallinan and his wife vivian.	he is the second of six sons born to attorney vincent hallinan and his wife vivian.
phil & lil deville (both voiced by kath soucie): fraternal twins (boy and girl) that have everything in common.	phil & lil deville (both voiced by kath soucie): twins (boy and girl) that have everything in common.
the association of american physicians and surgeons (aaps) is a controversial politically conservative non-profit organization founded in 1943. the group had approximately 4,000 members in 2005.	the association of american physicians and surgeons (aaps) is a politically conservative non-profit organization founded in 1943. the group had approximately 4,000 members in 2005.
israel radio alleges that palestinian security services notified israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by idf fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers.	israel radio reports that palestinian security services notified israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by idf fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers.
nick carter (born nickolas gene carter on january 28, 1980 in jamestown, new york, usa) is a gorgeous member of the popular music boy band the backstreet boys and is generally considered the biggest heart-throb.	nick carter (born nickolas gene carter on january 28, 1980 in jamestown, new york, usa) is a member of the popular music boy band the backstreet boys and is generally considered the biggest heart-throb.
to develop this groundbreaking work, du bois drew from his own experiences as an african-american in the american society.	to develop this work, du bois drew from his own experiences as an african-american in the american society.
shaheed mohan chand sharma (2 july 1965 - 19 september 2008) was an indian police inspector who served in the delhi police special cell.	mohan chand sharma (2 july 1965 - 19 september 2008) was an indian police inspector who served in the delhi police special cell.
of okla.: detecting buried impact structures: earth and mars - good general interest article	of okla.: detecting buried impact structures: earth and mars - general interest article
find a non-absorbent and incompressible object, and two miscible fluids, one that is more dense than the object and one that is less dense.	find a non-absorbent and in compressible object, and two miscible fluids, one that is more dense than the object and one that is less dense.
oneplus 2 launch invite debacle	oneplus 2 launch invite issue
a self-titled film loosely based on the character and comic is scheduled to be released in may 2011, with kenneth branagh as director and chris hemsworth starring as thor.	a self-titled film based on the character and comic is scheduled to be released in may 2011, with kenneth branagh as director and chris hemsworth starring as thor.
during the protest for milo's speech, an estimated 1,500 terrorists , clad in black masks, armed with heavy pipes, and waving anti-fascist flags, swarmed the venue hours in advance.	during the protest for milo's speech, an estimated 1,500 protesters , clad in black masks, armed with heavy pipes, and waving anti-fascist flags, swarmed the venue hours in advance.
john w. snow, current united states secretary of the treasury	john w. snow, united states secretary of the treasury
in a june 15, 2009 interview with anderson cooper, etheridge admitted that she still uses marijuana to lessen the effects of acid reflux or in extremely stressful situations.	in a june 15, 2009 interview with anderson cooper, etheridge mentioned that she still uses marijuana to lessen the effects of acid reflux or in extremely stressful situations.
"dinka was incarcerated the following january without trial and in the process became a ""martyr"" for secessionist cause."	"dinka was incarcerated the following january without trial and in the process became a ""martyr"" for separatist cause."
this outlandish claim may derive from a confusion with the roman conquest of 43 ad, when claudius is supposed to have brought elephants to britain.	this claim may derive from a confusion with the roman conquest of 43 ad, when claudius is supposed to have brought elephants to britain.
in the later dune mini-series, the weirding way is somewhat closer to what it should be, and the modules thankfully are no where to be seen.	in the later dune mini-series, the weirding way is somewhat closer to what it should be, and the modules are no where to be seen.
national conservatism is related to social conservatism, and as such may be heavily anti-gay .	national conservatism is related to social conservatism, and as such may be heavily oriented towards the traditional family and social stability .
after the 2018 fifa world cup, zil retired from international play because he felt to have been discriminated and disrespected by the german football association (dfb).	after the 2018 fifa world cup, zil retired from international play saying that he felt to have been discriminated and disrespected by the german football association (dfb).
this gripping novel is set in an oregon asylum, and serves as a study of the institutional process and the human mind.	this novel is set in an oregon asylum, and serves as a study of the institutional process and the human mind.
meena sameh dimian (born december 29, 1981) is an emmy-nominated american comedian, actor, writer, and international television personality of egyptian descent.	meena sameh dimian (born december 29, 1981) is an american comedian, actor, writer, and international television personality of egyptian descent.
it is also a set of teachings to guide one to directly experiencing reality .	it is said by others to be a set of teachings to guide one to directly experiencing reality .
in ilya ehrenburg, shneiderman described the threefold division of that great writer's identity: jew, russian writer, and man of western european culture.	in ilya ehrenburg, shneiderman described the threefold division of that writer's identity: jew, russian writer, and man of western european culture.
he spent ten days in the eastern part of afghanistan and investigated the cowardly escape of osama bin ladin from tora bora mountains in december 2001.	he spent ten days in the eastern part of afghanistan and investigated the escape of osama bin ladin from tora bora mountains in december 2001.
during this time, hamas and other militant organizations rose to power and shook the foundations of the authority fatah under arafat had established in the palestinian occupied territories .	during this time, hamas and other militant organizations rose to power and shook the foundations of the authority fatah under arafat had established in the palestinian territories .
eight years after kapur and his team developed and published their plutonomy thesis, the french economist thomas piketty achieved worldwide notoriety with his book capital in the twenty-first century.	eight years after kapur and his team developed and published their plutonomy thesis, the french economist thomas piketty achieved worldwide prominence with his book capital in the twenty-first century.
dot's smoking was fastidiously criticised by private healthcare company bupa in 2008, when they rated her television's most unhealthy character.	dot's smoking was criticised by private healthcare company bupa in 2008, when they rated her television's most unhealthy character.
due to it being decided by a 27-game, round-robin league system, many people regard 'the hubcap' as the hardest honour to win in british rugby league.	due to it being decided by a 27-game, round-robin league system, some people regard 'the hubcap' as the hardest honour to win in british rugby league.
the later debacles at lake trasimene and cannae, reduced the proud romans to avoiding battle, shadowing the carthaginians from the high ground of the apennines, unwilling to risk a significant engagement on the plains where the enemy cavalry held sway.	the later debacles at lake trasimene and cannae, forced the proud romans to avoiding battle, shadowing the carthaginians from the high ground of the apennines, unwilling to risk a significant engagement on the plains where the enemy cavalry held sway.
however, the modern language did incorporate much arabic vocabulary and some arabic grammatical features, as well as switching from the pahlavi aramaic alphabet to one based on a modified version of arabic characters.	however, the modern language did incorporate a modest deal of arabic vocabulary and some arabic grammatical features, as well as switching from the pahlavi aramaic alphabet to one based on a modified version of arabic characters.
but others regard it at best as a floor, or baseline for mortality, and that it underestimates actual mortality by potentially several factors.	but some researchers regard it at best as a floor, or baseline for mortality, and that it underestimates actual mortality by potentially several factors.
public access includes photographs of public beaches in california uploaded to wikimedia commons and then inserted into the appropriate wikipedia pages, and the subsequent reaction of both the commons and wikipedia community to his actions.	public access includes photographs of public beaches in california uploaded to wikimedia commons and then inserted into the wikipedia pages, and the subsequent reaction of both the commons and wikipedia community to his actions.
"nihad awad, cair founder, believes the decisions by some politicians to isolate itself from the organization can be traced to the pro- israel lobby, saying traditionally within the government there is only one point of view that is acceptable, which is the pro-israel line."""	"nihad awad, cair founder, believes the decisions by some politicians to isolate itself from the organization can be traced to the israel lobby, saying traditionally within the government there is only one point of view that is acceptable, which is the pro-israel line."""
robert flix lemieux (19412008) was a quebec lawyer who famously represented several of the defendants in the october crisis.	robert flix lemieux (19412008) was a quebec lawyer who represented several of the defendants in the october crisis.
richardson also co-hosts prime show, the crowd goes wild, with andrew mulligan.	he also co-hosts prime show, the crowd goes wild, with andrew mulligan.
on 29 november 2010, simple minds announced a 'greatest hits uk forest tour' in summer 2011, playing a series of seven dates from 10 june to 03 july 2011 in spectacular woodland locations of england as part of forestry commission live music .	on 29 november 2010, simple minds announced a 'greatest hits uk forest tour' in summer 2011, playing a series of seven dates from 10 june to 03 july 2011 in woodland locations of england as part of forestry commission live music .
a number of charitable organizations aim to use engineering directly for the good of mankind :	a number of charitable organizations aim to use engineering directly for the good of humanity :
there has been both a steady thinning of the ozone layer at mid-latitudes and its catastrophic springtime collapse at the poles, often called the ozone hole.	there has been both a steady thinning of the ozone layer at mid-latitudes and its springtime collapse at the poles, often called the ozone hole.
dembski begins by logically analyzing signs from god in the bible, and notes that such signs have specificity and complexity, which enables them to be clearly discernable.	dembski begins by analyzing signs from god in the bible, and notes that such signs have specificity and complexity, which enables them to be clearly discernable.
the game is noted as the first video game to accurately reflect the gameplay of table tennis, as opposed to earlier oversimplifications like pong.	the game is noted as the first video game to accurately reflect the gameplay of table tennis, as opposed to earlier simplifications like pong.
as chancellor of oxford lord stockton also condemned the university's refusal in february 1985 to award mrs thatcher an honorary degree.	as chancellor of oxford lord stockton condemned the university's refusal in february 1985 to award mrs thatcher an honorary degree.
dave hernandez, former member of scared of chaka, joined the group following the unfortunate departure of bassist neal langford.	dave hernandez, former member of scared of chaka, joined the group following the departure of bassist neal langford.
the derry county board of the gaelic athletic association (gaa) (irish: cummann lthchleas gael coiste contae dhoire) or derry gaa is one of the 32 county boards of the gaa in ireland, and is responsible for gaelic games in county derry .	the derry county board of the gaelic athletic association (gaa) (irish: cummann lthchleas gael coiste contae dhoire) or derry gaa is one of the 32 county boards of the gaa in ireland, and is responsible for gaelic games in county londonderry .
they are among the finest surviving examples of early stone houses built by europeans in north america.	they are among the surviving examples of early stone houses built by europeans in north america.
fey, has-been honduran pop singer.	fey, a honduran pop singer.
unfortunately in 1571 altars and tombs were swept away and all other frescoes were completely plastered over but guides can identify some medieval tombs that have survived in the north aisle.	in 1571 altars and tombs were swept away and all other frescoes were completely plastered over but guides can identify some medieval tombs that have survived in the north aisle.
"jacqueline jill ""jacqui"" smith (born 3 november 1962) is a politician who has unfortunately been home secretary since 28 june 2007 and is the current member of parliament for redditch, since 1997. she was made a member of the privy council in 2003."	"jacqueline jill ""jacqui"" smith (born 3 november 1962) is a politician who has been home secretary since 28 june 2007 and is the current member of parliament for redditch, since 1997. she was made a member of the privy council in 2003."
extent of prostitution and associated problems	extent of prostitution and associated issues
fifth third arena, an indoor arena bearing the bank's name on the campus of the university of cincinnati, used by that school's excellent basketball program	fifth third arena, an indoor arena bearing the bank's name on the campus of the university of cincinnati, used by that school's basketball program
ira hayes (1923-1955) was a native american hero of world war ii's battle of iwo jima.	ira hayes (1923-1955) was a native american veteran of world war ii's battle of iwo jima.
this film marked the first of three film collaborations for hope and comedienne phyllis diller, eight on the lam in 1967 and the private navy of sgt.	this film marked the first of three film collaborations for hope and comedian phyllis diller, eight on the lam in 1967 and the private navy of sgt.
he is infamous for creating the controversial video game super columbine massacre rpg!	he is known for creating the controversial video game super columbine massacre rpg!
"richard, baron beeching of east grinstead, ""dr beeching"", author of the infamous report the reshaping of british railways"	"richard, baron beeching of east grinstead, ""dr beeching"", author of the report the reshaping of british railways"
rich lusk is a prolific author and speaker and his book paedofaith: a primer on the mystery of infant salvation and a handbook for covenant parents is, perhaps, the only book-length treatment of infant faith in the english language.	rich lusk is a author and speaker and his book paedofaith: a primer on the mystery of infant salvation and a handbook for covenant parents is, perhaps, the only book-length treatment of infant faith in the english language.
reich was in the audience for this ground-breaking performance.	reich was in the audience for this world premiere performance.
following the kidnapping and murder of three teenage boys by hamas terrorists in early june, rocket fire from gaza - a constant threat to residents of the south intensified into round-the-clock attacks.	following the kidnapping and murder of three teenage boys by hamas militants in early june, rocket fire from gaza - a constant threat to residents of the south intensified into round-the-clock attacks.
"others contest the use of the term lesbian to describe what was characterized at the time as a ""boston marriage""."	"other scholars contest the use of the term lesbian to describe what was characterized at the time as a ""boston marriage""."
although it was originally targeted towards female viewers (at one point said to be 30% of the website's audience), the male show later promoted itself as news from a gay perspective.	although it was originally targeted towards female viewers (at one point said to be 30% of the website's audience), the male show later promoted itself as news from a queer perspective.
image:racka 2.jpg|sheep in a primitive pen	image:racka 2.jpg|sheep in a wooden pen
"align=""left"" style=""vertical-align: top;"" | intolerance"	"align=""left"" style=""vertical-align: top;"" | social attitudes"
public access work is experiencing a huge surge at the bar, with barristers such as henry hendron who founded the uk's first public access portal at www.lawsurgery.com, taking ruthless advantage of the new opportunity for the bar to make profit in the face of legal aid cuts elsewhere in the profession.	public access work is experiencing a huge surge at the bar, with barristers such as henry hendron who founded the uk's first public access portal at www.lawsurgery.com, taking advantage of the new opportunity for the bar to make profit in the face of legal aid cuts elsewhere in the profession.
however, sng have said that if ggyc wins, they will not negotiate for a multi-challenger regatta and will fall back to a default deed of gift match.	however, sng have implied that if ggyc wins, they will not negotiate for a multi-challenger regatta and will fall back to a default deed of gift match.
during portuguese colonial rule, a large minority of portuguese settlers lived permanently in almost all areas of mozambique, and mozambicans with portuguese blood at the time of independence was about 260,000. most of these left the region after its freedom in 1975, returning to portugal where they were called retornados.	during portuguese colonial rule, a large minority of portuguese settlers lived permanently in almost all areas of mozambique, and mozambicans with portuguese blood at the time of independence was about 260,000. most of these left the region after its independence in 1975, returning to portugal where they were called retornados.
also, signifying her status as one of pop music's true originals and one of the most daring, innovative, and idiosyncratic artists of the last two decades, bjrk was awarded the prestigious inspiration award at the annual q magazine awards in october 2005, accepting the prize from robert wyatt, with whom she collaborated on 2004's medlla album.	also, signifying her status as one of pop music's true originals and one of the most daring, innovative, and idiosyncratic artists of the last two decades, bjrk was awarded the inspiration award at the annual q magazine awards in october 2005, accepting the prize from robert wyatt, with whom she collaborated on 2004's medlla album.
the ads include quotes from key republicans and democrats in the united states congress, in addition to numerous other leaders who claim mercury is the leading potential cause for autism.	the ads include quotes from key republicans and democrats in the united states congress, in addition to numerous other leaders who believe mercury is the leading potential cause for autism.
branch graduated from the westminster schools in atlanta in 1964. from there, he went to the university of north carolina at chapel hill on a prestigious morehead scholarship.	branch graduated from the westminster schools in atlanta in 1964. from there, he went to the university of north carolina at chapel hill on a morehead scholarship.
"on the christmas 2006 ""tribute to the troops"" event, a brave united states army soldier , staff sergeant jos avila, broke free from the master lock with help from santa claus (jbl)."	"on the christmas 2006 ""tribute to the troops"" event, a united states army soldier , staff sergeant jos avila, broke free from the master lock with help from santa claus (jbl)."
the discovery of blood types in 1901 has been hailed as one of the greatest advances in medical history, but the breakthrough was then perverted by the nazis to further their eugenics program, who claimed the superiority of germans mostly types a and o over jews, asians and others with a larger proportion of type b blood.	the discovery of blood types in 1901 has been hailed as one of the greatest advances in medical history, but the breakthrough was then distorted by the nazis to further their eugenics program, who claimed the superiority of germans mostly types a and o over jews, asians and others with a larger proportion of type b blood.
income from prostitution is taxed at a slightly higher rate than income from normal occupations.	income from prostitution is taxed at a slightly higher rate than income from other occupations.
he is buried in the famous mount auburn cemetery in cambridge, massachusetts.	he is buried in the mount auburn cemetery in cambridge, massachusetts.
australian audiences saw melbourne locations showcased by the 1960s-1970s crawford productions police dramas homicide and division 4. perhaps better known to a contemporary audience is the smash-hit soap opera neighbours, set in the fictional eastern suburb of erinsborough, which presents a microcosm of suburban australian life.	australian audiences saw melbourne locations showcased by the 1960s-1970s crawford productions police dramas homicide and division 4. perhaps better known to a contemporary audience is the soap opera neighbours, set in the fictional eastern suburb of erinsborough, which presents a microcosm of suburban australian life.
the name is an homage to valentino's legendary character, shadowhawk.	the name is an homage to valentino's character, shadowhawk.
the killing of joseph smith during which he fired shots at his attackers	the murder of joseph smith during which he fired shots at his attackers
he then became ongc's #1 keeper during the 201011 i-league which sadly ended in heart-brake as the club was relegated.	he then became ongc's #1 keeper during the 201011 i-league which ended in heart-brake as the club was relegated.
while recording a series of hit songs, williams began abusing drugs and alcohol and eventually tried to commit suicide in 1974. moving to alabama, williams began playing with southern rock musicians like toy caldwell, marshall tucker band and charlie daniels.	while recording a series of hit songs, williams began abusing drugs including alcohol and eventually tried to commit suicide in 1974. moving to alabama, williams began playing with southern rock musicians like toy caldwell, marshall tucker band and charlie daniels.
the show follows three worthless teenage girls tess taylor, 19, alexis neiers, 18, and gabby neiers, 16, as they make their way into the hollywood social scene.	the show follows three teenage girls tess taylor, 19, alexis neiers, 18, and gabby neiers, 16, as they make their way into the hollywood social scene.
lenin died and joseph stalin gradually assumed control, eliminating rivals and consolidating power as the soviet union faced the horrible challenges of the 1930s and its global crisis-tendencies.	lenin died and joseph stalin gradually assumed control, eliminating rivals and consolidating power as the soviet union faced the challenges of the 1930s and its global crisis-tendencies.
march 2: the intercept reports that jared kushner and his felon father charles kushner made a proposal to qatars finance minister, ali sharif al emadi, in april 2017 to secure investment into 666 5th avenue asset in his family's companys portfolio.	march 2: the intercept reports that jared kushner and his father charles kushner made a proposal to qatars finance minister, ali sharif al emadi, in april 2017 to secure investment into 666 5th avenue asset in his family's companys portfolio.
within a month of the hogwarts express' opening, one million riders had ridden the attraction .	within a month of the hogwarts express' opening, one million riders had ridden the hogwarts express .
in a foreword to the biography of ahmed timol, brutally murdered in police custody in october 1971, former president thabo mbeki describes the high water mark of the apartheid era, the lowest ebb in the fortunes of the oppressed and the turning tide against apartheid forces in the 1970s as follows:	in a foreword to the biography of ahmed timol, murdered in police custody in october 1971, former president thabo mbeki describes the high water mark of the apartheid era, the lowest ebb in the fortunes of the oppressed and the turning tide against apartheid forces in the 1970s as follows:
it started with hurriedly assembled hodgepodge of institutes and organizations focusing on reverse engineering, licensing and copying, imitations, and at times right-out pirating .	it started with hurriedly assembled hodgepodge of institutes and organizations focusing on reverse engineering, licensing and copying, imitations, and at times right-out infringing on intellectual property .
external support for the jehovah's witness 1914 doctrine provides biblical and historical evidence which supports the much contended 1914 christ's presence in kingdom power doctrine.	non-witness support for the jehovah's witness 1914 doctrine provides biblical and historical evidence which supports the much contended 1914 christ's presence in kingdom power doctrine.
time inc. is a major subsidiary of the media conglomerate time warner, the company formed by the 1990 merger of the original time inc. and warner communications.	time inc. is a subsidiary of the media conglomerate time warner, the company formed by the 1990 merger of the original time inc. and warner communications.
"rachel blau duplessis in the essay '""hoo hoo hoo"": some episodes in the construction of modern whiteness' calls attention to the use of ""hoo"" towards the end of the 1927 ""fragment of an agon"" section and its relation to the use of ""hoo"" in vachel lindsay's 1914 racist poem ""congo: (a study of the negro race)"", which features the sound ""hoo""."	"rachel blau duplessis in the essay '""hoo hoo hoo"": some episodes in the construction of modern whiteness' calls attention to the use of ""hoo"" towards the end of the 1927 ""fragment of an agon"" section and its relation to the use of ""hoo"" in vachel lindsay's 1914 poem ""congo: (a study of the negro race)"", which features the sound ""hoo""."
after leaving the department of state, sofaer practiced law at hughes hubbard & reed in washington, d.c., from 1990 to 1994. he represented wwf international (chaired by prince philip) in its successful effort to establish an mou with wwf us for the management and sharing of authority within what remains the worlds most influential environmental organization; wwf us was represented by the superb washington, dc attorney and later white house counsel, lloyd cutler.	after leaving the department of state, sofaer practiced law at hughes hubbard & reed in washington, d.c., from 1990 to 1994. he represented wwf international (chaired by prince philip) in its successful effort to establish an mou with wwf us for the management and sharing of authority within what remains the worlds most influential environmental organization; wwf us was represented by the washington, dc attorney and later white house counsel, lloyd cutler.
1956) is a leader of hamas, the palestinian terrorist organization.	1956) is a leader of hamas, the palestinian islamist organization.
her other prominent roles include portraying claire in the movie 'other plans' and harding in the film 'extinction: patient zero' amongst many others.	her other roles include portraying claire in the movie 'other plans' and harding in the film 'extinction: patient zero' amongst many others.
competed in imsa 24 hours at daytona and won the coveted overall title.	competed in imsa 24 hours at daytona and won the overall title.
sir arthur thomas quiller-couch (; 21 november 1863 12 may 1944) was a cornish writer, who published under the pen name of q. he is primarily remembered for the monumental oxford book of english verse 12501900 (later extended to 1918), and for his literary criticism.	sir arthur thomas quiller-couch (; 21 november 1863 12 may 1944) was a british writer, who published under the pen name of q. he is primarily remembered for the monumental oxford book of english verse 12501900 (later extended to 1918), and for his literary criticism.
she has only been seen without her hat on in a handful of episodes for extremely small periods of time.	she has been seen without her hat on in a handful of episodes for extremely small periods of time.
"in 2005 and 2006, harris again faced political controversy when a major corporate campaign donor, defense contractor mzm, inc., was implicated in a bribery scandal that resulted in the criminal conviction and resignation of california congressman randy ""duke"" cunningham and conviction of mzm founder, mitchell wade."	"in 2005 and 2006, harris faced political controversy when a major corporate campaign donor, defense contractor mzm, inc., was implicated in a bribery scandal that resulted in the criminal conviction and resignation of california congressman randy ""duke"" cunningham and conviction of mzm founder, mitchell wade."
hussey appeared on the episode that aired on january 23, 1986. hussey was on the air for almost 10 minutes with carson, where he talked about beanshooters, displayed his considerable skill, and even shot an object out of carson's hand.	hussey appeared on the episode that aired on january 23, 1986. hussey was on the air for almost 10 minutes with carson, where he talked about beanshooters, displayed his considerable skill, and shot an object out of carson's hand.
while stressing his successful record as governor of texas, bush's campaign attacked incumbent vice president al gore, over gun control, the kyoto protocol, and taxation.	while stressing his successful record as governor of texas, bush's campaign criticized the democratic nominee, incumbent vice president al gore, over gun control, the kyoto protocol, and taxation.
the use of hebrew vocabulary, and often dietary practices and festivals, can meet with a mixed reception among other christians in america.	the use of hebrew vocabulary, and often dietary practices and festivals, can meet with a mixed reception among some christians in america.
because the killer's identity has never been confirmed, the legends surrounding the murders have become a combination of genuine historical research, folklore and exploitation .	because the killer's identity has never been confirmed, the legends surrounding the murders have become a combination of genuine historical research, folklore and pseudohistory .
economic methodology is the study of methods, usually scientific method, in relation to economics, including principles underlying economic reasoning.	economic methodology is the study of methods, especially the scientific method, in relation to economics, including principles underlying economic reasoning.
interestingly , he was convicted of murder despite having never touched a victim.	unusually , he was convicted of murder despite having never touched a victim.
"the two characters of xzng can literally mean ""western storehouse"", which some tibetans may find offensive."	"the two characters of xzng can literally mean ""western storehouse"", which some tibetans find offensive."
main article: creation accounts in genesis	main article: creation account(s) in genesis
zo wanamaker cbe (born 13 may 1949) is an american-british actress .	zo wanamaker cbe (born 13 may 1949) is an american-british actor .
hilarious injuries or mishaps	injuries or mishaps
the whippings were carried out with a belt made of leather and metal, three feet long, and were thorough enough that culprits ' underwear became embedded in their skin.	the whippings were carried out with a belt made of leather and metal, three feet long, and were thorough enough that the recipients ' underwear became embedded in their skin.
during the serbian agression on vukovar, the water tower was one of the most frequent target of enemy artillery that made it more then 600 damages, so it today represents a symbol of victory and new life.	during the serbian attack on vukovar, the water tower was one of the most frequent target of enemy artillery that made it more then 600 damages, so it today represents a symbol of victory and new life.
capaldi is best known for his portrayal of spin doctor malcolm tucker in the bbc sitcom the thick of it, written by fellow scottish-italian armando iannucci.	capaldi is known for his portrayal of spin doctor malcolm tucker in the bbc sitcom the thick of it, written by fellow scottish-italian armando iannucci.
at the general election held on 6 may 2010 john leech was re-elected the liberal democrat member of parliament, after a close contest with parachuted rival lucy powell (labour co-operative), increasing his majority to 1,894 following a swing of 2.4% from labour to the liberal democrats.	at the general election held on 6 may 2010 john leech was re-elected the liberal democrat member of parliament, after a close contest with rival lucy powell (labour co-operative), increasing his majority to 1,894 following a swing of 2.4% from labour to the liberal democrats.
wrc provides adult and youth competitive rowing programs, and regularly sends winning crews to events like the royal canadian henley regatta, western canada summer games and canada games.	wrc provides adult and youth competitive rowing programs, and regularly sends crews to events like the royal canadian henley regatta, western canada summer games and canada games.
he helped her to found baghdad's great iraqi archaeological museum from her own modest artefact collection and to establish the british school of archaeology, iraq, for the endowment of excavation projects from proceeds in her will.	he helped her to found baghdad's iraqi archaeological museum from her own modest artefact collection and to establish the british school of archaeology, iraq, for the endowment of excavation projects from proceeds in her will.
the peace prize has also drawn criticism for excluding deserving candidates such as pope john xxiii, steve biko, hlder cmara, raphael lemkin and oscar romero.	the peace prize has also drawn criticism for excluding candidates such as pope john xxiii, steve biko, hlder cmara, raphael lemkin and oscar romero.
at the time of her passing , mrs. du brul continued to hold emeritus professor status at the music institute of chicago.	at the time of her death , mrs. du brul continued to hold emeritus professor status at the music institute of chicago.
"nearly a year after his editorial was published, the senate select committee on intelligence's report on the u.s. intelligence committee's prewar intelligence assessments on iraq, published 12 july 2004 reported that plame indeed ""offered up wilson's name"" for the trip."	"nearly a year after his editorial was published, the senate select committee on intelligence's report on the u.s. intelligence committee's prewar intelligence assessments on iraq, published 12 july 2004 reported that plame ""offered up wilson's name"" for the trip."
brett somers, 83, american actress, comedienne and panelist (match game), stomach and colon cancer.	brett somers, 83, american actress, comedian and panelist (match game), stomach and colon cancer.
interflug operated mainly in europe, particularly eastern european countries in the soviet bloc, although it also operated flights to cuba, countries in africa with pro-soviet regimes , and in the late 1980s, to southeast asia.	interflug operated mainly in europe, particularly eastern european countries in the soviet bloc, although it also operated flights to cuba, countries in africa with pro-soviet governments , and in the late 1980s, to southeast asia.
edvard munch (, 12 december 1863 23 january 1944) was a norwegian symbolist painter, printmaker and an important forerunner of expressionist art.	edvard munch (, 12 december 1863 23 january 1944) was a norwegian symbolist painter, printmaker and an forerunner of expressionist art.
in 1926, ss coptic was sent to the breakers' yard, ending a loyal forty-five-year career.	in 1926, ss coptic was sent to the breakers' yard, ending a forty-five-year career.
the nickel metal hydride (nimh) battery chemistry used in modern hybrid vehicles was invented by dr. masahiko oshitani of the yuasa company and ovonics founder stan ovshinsky , who described the ordeal in who killed the electric car?.	the nickel metal hydride (nimh) battery chemistry used in modern hybrid vehicles was invented by dr. masahiko oshitani of the yuasa company and ovonics founder stan ovshinsky , who described the process in who killed the electric car?.
the history presented is very good, comparing favorably to pagan historians such as livy or tacitus.	the history presented is very good, comparing favorably to contemporary non-jewish historians such as livy or tacitus.
"according to the notorious italian traditionalist philosopher julius evola (1898-1974), the holy grail was an initiatory ""hyperborean mystery"" and also ""a symbolic expression of hope and of the will of specific ruling classes in the middle ages (namely, ghibellines), who wanted to reorganize and reunite the entire western world as it was at that time into a holy empire, that is, one based on a transcendental, spiritual basis."""	"according to the italian traditionalist philosopher julius evola (1898-1974), the holy grail was an initiatory ""hyperborean mystery"" and also ""a symbolic expression of hope and of the will of specific ruling classes in the middle ages (namely, ghibellines), who wanted to reorganize and reunite the entire western world as it was at that time into a holy empire, that is, one based on a transcendental, spiritual basis."""
frist has a $20 million fortune, most of it in stock in hospital corporation of america, the for-profit hospital chain founded by his brother and father.	frist has a $20 million fortune, most of it in stock in hospital corporation of america, the hospital chain founded by his brother and father.
the obedient wives club (owc) is an international islamic faith based organization which promotes harmonious families by teaching wives how to be submissive to their husbands.	the obedient wives club (owc) is an international islamic faith based organization which claims to promote harmonious families by teaching wives how to be submissive to their husbands.
claire simpson is the academy award-winning british film editor of the oliver stone-directed motion picture, platoon (as well as editor of oliver stone's salvador and wall street) and winner of the prestigious bafta film award for best editing for the constant gardener.	claire simpson is the academy award-winning british film editor of the oliver stone-directed motion picture, platoon (as well as editor of oliver stone's salvador and wall street) and winner of the bafta film award for best editing for the constant gardener.
"the white student's injuries required several reconstructive surgeries, and turner made much of the profound suffering of the child on his radio show, often even engaging the child's mother on the air, to discuss her sadness and outrage; while turner occasionally implied that the black boy ""did not face any sanction"" on his radio show, the 16-year old was in actuality charged as an adult with two felony counts, assault and attempted assault."	"the white student's injuries required several reconstructive surgeries, and turner made much of the suffering of the child on his radio show, often even engaging the child's mother on the air, to discuss her sadness and outrage; while turner occasionally implied that the black boy ""did not face any sanction"" on his radio show, the 16-year old was in actuality charged as an adult with two felony counts, assault and attempted assault."
ford is one of hollywood's most notoriously private actors, zealously guarding his personal life.	ford is one of hollywood's most notoriously private actors, guarding his personal life.
the smelly car is the sixty-first episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the smelly car is the sixty-first episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
the nse co-location scam relates to the market manipulation at the leading stock exchange of india -- national stock exchange of india (nse).	the nse co-location issue relates to the market manipulation at the leading stock exchange of india -- national stock exchange of india (nse).
"when bezler saw walker recording this conversation, he reportedly ordered, ""burn their notebooks!"	"when bezler saw walker recording this conversation, he allegedly ordered, ""burn their notebooks!"
despite the united nations security council resolution 47 issued at india's request for a plebiscite in kashmir after the withdrawal of pakistani militants , this has never occurred.	despite the united nations security council resolution 47 issued at india's request for a plebiscite in kashmir after the withdrawal of pakistani forces , this has never occurred.
s/he was created by the chainworkers at the milanese space reload where the 2004 euromayday was organised with others including the critical mass group.	he was created by the chainworkers at the milanese space reload where the 2004 euromayday was organised with others including the critical mass group.
taking the risk of being very unpopular for a certain moment, he condemned the systematic burning of farms and the imprisonment of old people, women and children in british concentration camps.	taking the risk of being very unpopular for a certain moment, he condemned the systematic burning of farms and the internment of old people, women and children in british concentration camps.
morrissey happily married his high school sweetheart, amy, with whom he has two daughters and two sons.	morrissey married his high school sweetheart, amy, with whom he has two daughters and two sons.
she also introduced the rape shield law, legislation that protects a woman 's sexual past from being explored during trial.	she also introduced the rape shield law, legislation that protects a person 's sexual past from being explored during trial.
patrick joseph noel purcell (23 december 1900 3 march 1985) was a most distinguished irish actor of stage, screen and television.	patrick joseph noel purcell (23 december 1900 3 march 1985) was a distinguished irish actor of stage, screen and television.
interestingly the trangia stove burner is made from brass, even though all the other associated parts that come with it are aluminium.	the trangia stove burner is made from brass, even though all the other associated parts that come with it are aluminium.
since then, it has flourished under chairmen such as geoffrey howe, leon brittan, norman lamont, michael howard, peter lilley and sir christopher bland.	since then, it has expanded under chairmen such as geoffrey howe, leon brittan, norman lamont, michael howard, peter lilley and sir christopher bland.
gary grice (born august 22, 1966), better known by his stage names gza ( ; usually styled gza) and the genius, is an american hip hop artist and founding member of the seminal hip hop group the wu-tang clan.	gary grice (born august 22, 1966), better known by his stage names gza ( ; usually styled gza) and the genius, is an american hip hop artist and founding member of the hip hop group the wu-tang clan.
ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american author, columnist, and sensationalist pundit.	ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american author, columnist, and pundit.
however, he faced immediate opposition from the muslims, those who rejected the dynastic principle outright, who came to be known as sunnis, and those who supported the claims of the prophetic lineage through ali, who became known as the shia.	however, he faced immediate opposition from the muslims, those who rejected the dynastic principle outright, who came to be known as sunnis, and those who supported the claims of the lineage through ali, who became known as the shia.
political parties from moldova have organisations in transnistria but refuse to participate at elections for secessionist government, they participate only in legitimate elections of the republic of moldova.	political parties from moldova have organisations in transnistria but refuse to participate at elections for secessionist government, they participate only in elections of the republic of moldova.
whitakers words: an awesome online dictionary.	whitakers words: an online dictionary.
"although there were numerous informal and backchannel communications between israel and arab states through the years, all arab states refused to accept israel's sovereignty until 1979, and most (excluding jordan, mauritania, and egypt) did persist in rejecting israel's right to exist (see khartoum resolution) until the 2002 arab peace initiative which offers israel peace and normal relations with all arab countries if israel withdraws from all areas occupied in the 1967 war and accepts a ""just solution"" to the palestinian refugee problem."	"although there were numerous informal and backchannel communications between israel and arab states through the years, all arab states refused to accept israel's sovereignty until 1979, and most (excluding jordan, mauritania, and egypt) did persist in rejecting israel's right to palestine (see khartoum resolution) until the 2002 arab peace initiative which offers israel peace and normal relations with all arab countries if israel withdraws from all areas occupied in the 1967 war and accepts a ""just solution"" to the palestinian refugee problem."
the college was founded in 1427 by richard fleming, then bishop of lincoln, (cadaver tomb in lincoln cathedral) to combat the lollard heresy of john wyclif.	the college was founded in 1427 by richard fleming, then bishop of lincoln, (cadaver tomb in lincoln cathedral) to combat the lollard teachings of john wyclif.
rightrussell peters is a hard-core canadian stand-up comic of indian descent.	rightrussell peters is a canadian stand-up comic of indian descent.
the tour down under is a cycling race held in picturesque adelaide, south australia, and the surrounding area.	the tour down under is a cycling race held in adelaide, south australia, and the surrounding area.
some biologists prefer the two-empire system over the three-domain system, in that the three-domain system overemphasizes the division between archaea and bacteria.	some biologists prefer the two-empire system over the three-domain system, claiming that the three-domain system overemphasizes the division between archaea and bacteria.
the iconic tower at alliance.	the control tower at alliance.
"it had approximately 300 syriac families in 1900. after the ""seyfo"" in 1916, many syriac were killed."	"it had approximately 300 syriac families in 1900. after the ""seyfo"" in 1916, many syriacs were killed."
mediumship is the practice of certain peopleknown as mediumsto purportedly mediate communication between spirits of the dead and living human beings.	mediumship is the practice of certain peopleknown as mediumsto mediate communication between spirits of the dead and living human beings.
on june 18th, townspeople in rawlins, wyoming brutally beat five witnesses; on the 22nd, the good people of parco, wyoming tarred and feathered another.	on june 18th, townspeople in rawlins, wyoming brutally beat five witnesses; on the 22nd, the people of parco, wyoming tarred and feathered another.
harpenden boasts excellent secondary schools:	harpenden boasts several secondary schools:
"manchester band the smiths recorded a touching tribute to the victims on their first album in a song called ""suffer little children"", and singer morrissey has since written a number of other songs inspired by the moors murders (without making explicit reference to them) such as ""michael's bones"" and ""ambitious outsiders""."	"manchester band the smiths recorded a tribute to the victims on their first album in a song called ""suffer little children"", and singer morrissey has since written a number of other songs inspired by the moors murders (without making explicit reference to them) such as ""michael's bones"" and ""ambitious outsiders""."
"john edward roache (july 19, 1940 march 3, 1999) was an accomplished pianist, and prolific midi sequencer, exponent and composer of ragtime; notable for his involvement with and contribution to the international ""ragtime ring""1 and eminent, affiliated swedish ragtime society2 (which houses a number of roache's creations and a posthumous biography pertaining to him3, alongside works by a number of contemporary ragtime composers)."	"john edward roache (july 19, 1940 march 3, 1999) was an american pianist, and prolific midi sequencer, exponent and composer of ragtime; notable for his involvement with and contribution to the international ""ragtime ring""1 and eminent, affiliated swedish ragtime society2 (which houses a number of roache's creations and a posthumous biography pertaining to him3, alongside works by a number of contemporary ragtime composers)."
as they grew to adolescence and adulthood in the 1960s, they harbored the feelings of guilt and shame which their parents rejected.	as they grew to adolescence and adulthood in the 1960s, many of them harbored the feelings of guilt and shame which their parents rejected.
many historians and descendants believe george catlin had two families; his proper family on the east coast of the united states, but also a family farther west, started with a native american woman.	many historians and descendants believe george catlin had two families; his acknowledged family on the east coast of the united states, but also a family farther west, started with a native american woman.
following leaks in january and february, microsoft vice president joe belfiore officially announced at mobile world congress on february 23, 2014 that a major update for windows 8.1 would be released sometime in spring 2014. the update is intended to improve the integration between apps and the desktop, and improve navigation when using a mouse and keyboard.	following leaks in january and february, microsoft vice president joe belfiore officially announced at mobile world congress on february 23, 2014 that a major update for windows 8.1 would be released sometime in early 2014. the update is intended to improve the integration between apps and the desktop, and improve navigation when using a mouse and keyboard.
"after a news conference in philadelphia on december 2, 2008, pennsylvania governor ed rendell made a controversial remark about why he thought napolitano being single qualified her to serve as secretary for homeland security: ""janet's perfect for that job."	"after a news conference in philadelphia on december 2, 2008, pennsylvania governor ed rendell made a remark about why he thought napolitano being single qualified her to serve as secretary for homeland security: ""janet's perfect for that job."
there has always been uninterrupted flow of men , material and the ideas between the two.	there has always been uninterrupted flow of people , material and the ideas between the two.
some outspoken critics claim cross sound ferry's service has caused increased vehicle traffic on new york state route 25. the orient terminal is located at the eastern terminus of route 25, and in order to get there, travelers coming from points further west must travel through several towns, including riverhead and southold to get to the ferry terminal.	some critics claim cross sound ferry's service has caused increased vehicle traffic on new york state route 25. the orient terminal is located at the eastern terminus of route 25, and in order to get there, travelers coming from points further west must travel through several towns, including riverhead and southold to get to the ferry terminal.
casio insists that this problem has been fixed.	casio has stated that this problem has been fixed.
wallace's hoyas would be denied a second trip to the final four in his senior season, losing in the second round to overrated stephen curry and davidson.	wallace's hoyas would be denied a second trip to the final four in his senior season, losing in the second round to stephen curry and davidson.
only two years later, on his 66th birthday, on january 10, 1941, he died in tel aviv of a heart attack.	two years later, on his 66th birthday, on january 10, 1941, he died in tel aviv of a heart attack.
ironically, despite competitive eating being a distinctively american sport, it is now incredibly rare that an american actually wins one.	ironically, despite competitive eating being a distinctively american sport, it is now rare that an american actually wins one.
"the term ""alt-left"" has been criticized as a label that unlike alt-right was not coined by the group it purports to describe, but rather was created by political opponents as a smear implying a false equivalence."	"the term ""alt-left"" has been criticized as a label that unlike alt-right was not coined by the group it purports to describe, but rather was created by political opponents as a smear implying a equivalence."
he was a professor of ethnic studies at the university of colorado boulder from 1990 until he was wrongly fired in 2007. the primary focus of his work is on the historical treatment of political dissenters and native americans by the united states government.	he was a professor of ethnic studies at the university of colorado boulder from 1990 until he was fired in 2007. the primary focus of his work is on the historical treatment of political dissenters and native americans by the united states government.
allan has brought his filipino culture into his collaboration with the black eyed peas.	lindo has brought his filipino culture into his collaboration with the black eyed peas.
sadly , only 1% of the population is able to do so; 20% of the tarahumara people can read and write in spanish.	currently , only 1% of the population is able to do so; 20% of the tarahumara people can read and write in spanish.
in the final, grimsby town played milton keynes dons, at wembley stadium, where they lost 20. bolland sadly spent the entire 200809 season out injured, after picking up an injury in the latter stages of the previous season.	in the final, grimsby town played milton keynes dons, at wembley stadium, where they lost 20. bolland spent the entire 200809 season out injured, after picking up an injury in the latter stages of the previous season.
at ben shemen, ada neumark received an excellent education in which music, theatre and literature played a major role.	at ben shemen, ada neumark received an education in which music, theatre and literature played a major role.
he was a warrior for only ten years.	he was a warrior for ten years.
expelled: no intelligence allowed is a 2008 documentary /comedy film directed by nathan frankowski and hosted by ben stein.	expelled: no intelligence allowed is a 2008 documentary film directed by nathan frankowski and hosted by ben stein.
some have also objected to prt promotion on the grounds that it is a distraction from other, more proven transit solutions.	some have also objected to prt promotion on the grounds that it is a distraction from other, more established transit solutions.
most african americans are the descendants of captive africans who survived the slavery era within the boundaries of the present united states, although some are or are descended from voluntary immigrants from africa, the caribbean, south america, or elsewhere.	most african americans are the descendants of captive africans who were freed after the slavery era within the boundaries of the present united states, although some are or are descended from voluntary immigrants from africa, the caribbean, south america, or elsewhere.
other significant roles lay in reconnaissance, providing essential intelligence from close to or among the enemy, and increasingly in combating terrorists , their infrastructure and activities.	other significant roles lay in reconnaissance, providing essential intelligence from close to or among the enemy, and increasingly in combating insurgents, guerillas and militia cells , their infrastructure and activities.
scit (symbiosis centre for information technology) is a premier it b-school under the symbiosis international university offering postgraduate it-business education.	scit (symbiosis centre for information technology) is a it b-school under the symbiosis international university offering postgraduate it-business education.
on march 24, 1933, with nazi paramilitary encircling the building, and a threat of war if his demands were was not met, hitler was granted dictatorial powers by the german parliament through the enabling act.	on march 24, 1933, with nazi paramilitary encircling the building, and a threat of war if his demands were not met, hitler was granted dictatorial powers by the german parliament through the enabling act.
once he recovered, yang alleged that god was angered that hong xiuquan was not being allowed to establish the kingdom of god on earth and sought to punish mankind with disease.	once he recovered, yang alleged that god was angered that hong xiuquan was not being allowed to establish the kingdom of god on earth and sought to punish humankind with disease.
mark reed levin (b. september 21, 1957) is a neo- conversative radio talk show host on wabc in new york city, syndicated on both terrestrial radio and satellite radio.	mark reed levin (b. september 21, 1957) is a conversative radio talk show host on wabc in new york city, syndicated on both terrestrial radio and satellite radio.
a fascinating history, including the now almost-forgotten contribution of the labour from thousands of chinese workers, is revealed by historical features such as the cardrona hotel and the much-loved cardrona hall and church, the location of the annual cardrona folk music festival.	a long history, including the now almost-forgotten contribution of the labour from thousands of chinese workers, is revealed by historical features such as the cardrona hotel and the much-loved cardrona hall and church, the location of the annual cardrona folk music festival.
"media matters for america, a progressive web-based organization that reports and criticizes what it describes as ""conservative misinformation in the u.s. media"""	"media matters for america, a liberal web-based organization that reports and criticizes what it describes as ""conservative misinformation in the u.s. media"""
his case provoked heavy criticism from the japanese press and teachers.	his case provoked criticism from the japanese press and teachers.
prior to his epic flight, rust is said to have been a quite inexperienced pilot, not even 19 years old, and with as little as 50 hours of flying experience.	prior to his flight, rust is said to have been a quite inexperienced pilot, not even 19 years old, and with as little as 50 hours of flying experience.
"it is also proudly referred to as the ""port to mecca"", as islam first arrived in aceh before spreading throughout southeast asia."	"it is also referred to as the ""port to mecca"", as islam first arrived in aceh before spreading throughout southeast asia."
"critical response towards ""best thing i never had"" was generally positive with several music critics noting that its theme as well as its musical style bear resemblance to knowles' own 2006 hit single, ""irreplaceable""."	"critical response towards ""best thing i never had"" was generally positive with several music critics noting that its theme as well as its musical style bear resemblance to knowles' own 2006 single, ""irreplaceable""."
in 1985, jones was accosted while out fishing in a remote valley in taupo by reporters in a helicopter, which included tvnz journalist rod vaughan.	in 1985, jones was reached while out fishing in a remote valley in taupo by reporters in a helicopter, which included tvnz journalist rod vaughan.
in 2006, downey was surprisingly cast as the title character in the comic book adaptation iron man which premiered in the summer of 2008, making almost $100 million at the domestic box office in its opening weekend and receiving rave reviews which cite downey's performance as a highlight of the film.	in 2006, downey was cast as the title character in the comic book adaptation iron man which premiered in the summer of 2008, making almost $100 million at the domestic box office in its opening weekend and receiving rave reviews which cite downey's performance as a highlight of the film.
walters first received notice as the occasional partner of comedienne victoria wood, whom she had briefly met in manchester.	walters first received notice as the occasional partner of comedian victoria wood, whom she had briefly met in manchester.
he is a professonial basketball player for morgan state.	he is a professional basketball player for morgan state.
a recent special from la talk radio hosted testimony of multiple attendees of the program who have since reflected on the alleged abuse, fraud, and possible corruption in their business model.	a recent special from la talk radio hosted testimony of multiple attendees of the program who have since reflected on the alleged abuse, fraud, and corruption in their business model.
"lectio divina is latin for divine reading, spiritual reading, or ""holy reading,"" and represents a method of prayer and scriptural reading intended to engender communion with the triune god and to increase in the knowledge of god's word."	"lectio divina is latin for divine reading, spiritual reading, or ""holy reading,"" and represents a traditionsl chrisitan practice of prayer and scriptural reading intended to engender communion with the triune god and to increase in the knowledge of god's word."
he was released on march 13 2007, hours after his daughter was videotaped causing minor injuries to a paparazzo while trying to avoid photographers outside a new york club.	he was released on march 13 2007, hours after his daughter was videotaped causing injuries to a paparazzo while trying to avoid photographers outside a new york club.
a tibetan protester attempts to take the torch from disabled torch-bearer jin jing by violence in paris.	an allegedly tibetan protester attempts to take the torch from disabled torch-bearer jin jing by violence in paris.
poland was utterly unprepared not only for the conventional war but for the unconventional one which had preceded it.	poland was unprepared not only for the conventional war but for the unconventional one which had preceded it.
the movement for united georgia is a (non-registered) georgian political party founded by former defense minister irakli okruashvili on 27 september 2007. it is opposed to the current president mikheil saakashvili's supposed trend towards authoritarianism.	the movement for united georgia is a (non-registered) georgian political party founded by former defense minister irakli okruashvili on 27 september 2007. it is opposed to the current president mikheil saakashvili's alleged trend towards authoritarianism.
the history of the jerrycan is notable because the german design was reverse engineered and subsequently copied, with minor improvements , by the allies during the second world war.	the history of the jerrycan is notable because the german design was reverse engineered and subsequently copied, with minor modifications , by the allies during the second world war.
in september 2014, the united states began to undertake efforts to establish a global coalition with the declared aim of countering isil /daesh in syria, as well as in iraq.	in september 2014, the united states began to undertake efforts to establish a global coalition with the declared aim of countering isil in syria, as well as in iraq.
the new ship is based on the design of the norwegian harstad class offshore patrol vessels, although old coast guard heroes such as hskuldur skarphinsson, who was captain of v/s baldur during the last cod war, have called for more powerful vessels similar to the danish thetis class ships.	the new ship is based on the design of the norwegian harstad class offshore patrol vessels, although old coast guard offciers such as hskuldur skarphinsson, who was captain of v/s baldur during the last cod war, have called for more powerful vessels similar to the danish thetis class ships.
swami nithyananda is a controversial self-styled godman and the founder of nithyananda dhyanapeetam headquartered in bengaluru, india.	swami nithyananda is a controversial godman and the founder of nithyananda dhyanapeetam headquartered in bengaluru, india.
a common myth is that because astoria is the statler puppet in women's clothing, then astoria is statler's sister, making statler and waldorf brothers-in-law.	a common theory is that because astoria is the statler puppet in women's clothing, then astoria is statler's sister, making statler and waldorf brothers-in-law.
ugm is located in yogyakarta, a peaceful city in southern java.	ugm is located in yogyakarta, a city in southern java.
however, heavy resistance from isolated isil pockets, was still reported in the northern neighborhoods of qadisiya and alam, where a few hundred isil militants were still present.	however, heavy resistance from isolated isil pockets, was still reported in the northern neighborhoods of qadisiya and alam, where a few hundred isil fighters were still present.
however, some milestones have been reached, such as the capture of saddam hussein and democratic elections.	however, some milestones have been reached, such as the capture of saddam hussein and the holding of elections.
range creek rises in emery county, and has recently been shown to have astonishingly pristine remains of the fremont culture.	range creek rises in emery county, and has recently been shown to have pristine remains of the fremont culture.
george reynolds (born 1937) is a controversial british businessman best known for his time as chairman of darlington football club.	george reynolds (born 1937) is a british businessman best known for his time as chairman of darlington football club.
... the early fondness of the indians for enormous calculations is well known to students of their mathematics, and is exemplified in the writings of the great astronomer ryabaha (born 476 a.d. ).	... the early fondness of the indians for enormous calculations is well known to students of their mathematics, and is exemplified in the writings of the great astronomer ryabaha (born 476 bce ).
the major regional schisms depend on ethnicity (mainly kurdish-inhabited southeast), economy (industry and cash crops in coastal regions), and precipitation (black sea littoral where summer drought is unknown).	the major regional diversities depend on ethnicity (mainly kurdish-inhabited southeast), economy (industry and cash crops in coastal regions), and precipitation (black sea littoral where summer drought is unknown).
jarrett, fink, and holm also graced the cover of tv guide, which coincided with the november 5, 1970 wedding episode.	jarrett, fink, and holm also appeared on the cover of tv guide, which coincided with the november 5, 1970 wedding episode.
since its founding, mother earth news has promoted renewable energy, recycling, family farms, saner agricultural practices, better eating habits, medical self-care, more meaningful education and affordable housing.	since its founding, mother earth news has promoted renewable energy, recycling, family farms, good agricultural practices, better eating habits, medical self-care, more meaningful education and affordable housing.
as well as carrying out research at the university of nottingham, he is a popular lecturer, teaching a number of modules including green chemistry.	as well as carrying out research at the university of nottingham, he is a lecturer, teaching a number of modules including green chemistry.
is a 1986 japanese video game for the famicom and pc-8801 by pony inc. it was released for the famicom as platformer with seamless scrolling in september 1986. two months later, the pc8801 version was released with switching screens.	is a 1986 japanese video game for the famicom and pc-8801 by pony inc. it was released for the famicom as platformer with scrolling in september 1986. two months later, the pc8801 version was released with switching screens.
lillestrm is well known for having some of the most passionate fans in scandinavia.	lillestrm is known for having some of the most passionate fans in scandinavia.
the glagolitic alphabet is believed to have been created by saints cyril and methodius, while the cyrillic alphabet was invented by the macedonian scholar clement of ohrid, who was their disciple.	the glagolitic alphabet is believed to have been created by saints cyril and methodius, while the cyrillic alphabet was invented by the bulgarian scholar clement of ohrid, who was their disciple.
miitary historians believe the comanche's relatively recent acquisition of their empire made them all the more determined to fight to keep it.	miitary historians believe the comanche's relatively recent acquisition of their domain made them all the more determined to fight to keep it.
post-trips expansionism	post-trips expansion
unhappy with this decision, gallaudet students, backed by a number of alumni, staff, and faculty, illegally shut down the campus.	unhappy with this decision, gallaudet students, backed by a number of alumni, staff, and faculty, shut down the campus.
little princess trust is a charity in the united kingdom which supplies and funds high quality wigs made of real hair to children suffering hair loss as a result of cancer treatment.	little princess trust is a charity in the united kingdom which supplies and funds high quality wigs made of real hair to children who have hair loss as a result of cancer treatment.
lee jackson was a talented hooker for great britain, hull and newcastle knights.	lee jackson was a hooker for great britain, hull and newcastle knights.
the moc also has support of the pro-ustasha croatian orthodox community ngo, which aims at creating an autocephalous croatian orthodox church for the republic of croatia, or rather reviving the one from the axis independent state of croatia, an act which the moc came up to as the first supporter.	the moc also has support of the croatian orthodox community ngo, which aims at creating an autocephalous croatian orthodox church for the republic of croatia, or rather reviving the one from the axis independent state of croatia, an act which the moc came up to as the first supporter.
the derby was first contested during the 1899-1900 season however the results of this season have sadly been lost.	the derby was first contested during the 1899-1900 season however the results of this season have been lost.
it is likely that 2006 tour winner floyd landis will eventually be disqualified and pereiro will be promoted to the winner's position (see below).	it is possible that 2006 tour winner floyd landis will eventually be disqualified and pereiro will be promoted to the winner's position (see below).
notable technologists that oppose net neutrality regulations include mark cuban, marc andressen , peter thiel, david farber, bob kahn.	notable technologists that oppose net neutrality regulations include mark cuban, marc andreessen , peter thiel, david farber, bob kahn.
since 1994 it has been the seat of the major german orchestra konzerthausorchester berlin.	since 1994 it has been the seat of the german orchestra konzerthausorchester berlin.
"divided into three ""books"", the story is told from the perspective of bella swan, except for book 2 which is partly from the perspective of jacob black, bella's werewolf friend."	"divided into three ""books"", the story is told from the perspective of bella swan, except for book 2 which is from the perspective of jacob black, bella's werewolf friend."
his polemical condemnation of hinduism and its foundation of caste system, made him controversial, although his conversion to buddhism sparked a revival in interest in buddhist philosophy in india and abroad.	his condemnation of hinduism and its foundation of caste system, made him controversial, although his conversion to buddhism sparked a revival in interest in buddhist philosophy in india and abroad.
"blaise compaor (born february 3, 1951) is a burkinab dictator who has been the president of burkina faso since 1987. he was a top associate of president thomas sankara during the 1980s, and in october 1987 he led a coup d'tat that ousted sankara; subsequently he introduced a policy of ""rectification"", overturning the left-wing policies pursued by sankara."	"blaise compaor (born february 3, 1951) is a burkinab politician who has been the president of burkina faso since 1987. he was a top associate of president thomas sankara during the 1980s, and in october 1987 he led a coup d'tat that ousted sankara; subsequently he introduced a policy of ""rectification"", overturning the left-wing policies pursued by sankara."
as with the rest of ireland , coleraine experiences a maritime climate with cool summers and mild winters.	as with the rest of british isles , coleraine experiences a maritime climate with cool summers and mild winters.
nicolaus copernicus, famous polish astronomer	nicolaus copernicus, famous astronomer
many common causes are male-dominated families and economic crisis (cost too much to raise a child).	many commonly cited causes are male-dominated families and economic crisis (cost too much to raise a child) .
its facilities include school-wide internet now linked to all its primary partners, a flourishing extra curricular programme in major sports, outdoor education, music and drama and it offers a superb range of other opportunities for those in the school, including foreign exchanges and visits and charity events.	its facilities include school-wide internet now linked to all its primary partners, a flourishing extra curricular programme in major sports, outdoor education, music and drama and it offers a wide range of other opportunities for those in the school, including foreign exchanges and visits and charity events.
luncheon of the boating party (1881, french: le djeuner des canotiers) is a celebrated painting by french impressionist pierre-auguste renoir.	luncheon of the boating party (1881, french: le djeuner des canotiers) is a painting by french impressionist pierre-auguste renoir.
"this melding of scientific and social speculation is clearly present in the novel voyage from yesteryear (strongly influenced by eric frank russell's famous story ""and then there were none"") about a high-tech anarchist society in the alpha centauri system, a starship sent from earth by a dictatorial government, and the events following their first contact."	"this melding of scientific and social speculation is clearly present in the novel voyage from yesteryear (strongly influenced by eric frank russell's story ""and then there were none"") about a high-tech anarchist society in the alpha centauri system, a starship sent from earth by a dictatorial government, and the events following their first contact."
one of the most famous of temples in india is the jagannath temple in puri, orissa, which has an annual procession of chariots carrying the idols of jagannath (lord krishna), subhadra and balabhadra.	one of the most famous of temples in india is the jagannath temple in puri, orissa, which has an annual procession of chariots carrying the murtis/statues of jagannath (lord krishna), subhadra and balabhadra.
it has been reported that the sea shepherd conservation society has chartered the ocean 7 adventurer wave piercing vessel to replace the ady gil as its interceptor vessel in its upcoming southern ocean whale sanctuary campaign to stop illegal japanese whaling.	it has been reported that the sea shepherd conservation society has chartered the ocean 7 adventurer wave piercing vessel to replace the ady gil as its interceptor vessel in its upcoming southern ocean whale sanctuary campaign to stop japanese whaling.
a useful video has been created by bonster which shows bluegriffon in use demonstrating many features.	a video has been created by bonster which shows bluegriffon in use demonstrating many features.
since the world summit for children, in 1990, the united nations has increasingly sought to draw international attention to the horrendous plight of children affected by armed conflict.	since the world summit for children, in 1990, the united nations has increasingly sought to draw international attention to the plight of children affected by armed conflict.
sweet half-life - singleplayer - fantastic single player mod	sweet half-life - singleplayer - single player mod
he then went on to make an impact in the club's run to the fa youth cup final, scoring a penalty and setting up team-mate ravel morrison on the way to an amazing 3-2 comeback against liverpool in the quarter final.	he then went on to make an impact in the club's run to the fa youth cup final, scoring a penalty and setting up team-mate ravel morrison on the way to an 3-2 comeback against liverpool in the quarter final.
to the north the unique village of hayfield sits at the foot of kinder scout , the highest summit in the area.	to the north the village of hayfield sits at the foot of kinder scout, the highest summit in the area.
"austin nursery, based in albrighton, shropshire, uk, is the developer of award-winning ""english roses"", such as 'constance spry', 'darcey bussell', 'mary rose', 'graham thomas' and 'wife of bath'"	"austin nursery, based in albrighton, shropshire, uk, is the developer of ""english roses"", such as 'constance spry', 'darcey bussell', 'mary rose', 'graham thomas' and 'wife of bath'"
for instance, mel brooks' spaceballs, while a broad-hitting spoof of mostly star wars, with a few jabs at star trek, delivered less to a viewer not already associated with star wars.	for instance, mel brooks' spaceballs, while a broad-hitting spoof of mostly star wars, with a few jabs at star trek, may deliver less to a viewer not already associated with star wars.
jumping at the chance to ally with england, william and mary laid careful plans over a number of months for an invasion .	jumping at the chance to ally with england, william and mary laid careful plans over a number of months for an landing .
blackmun went further, sharply attacking and criticizing the anti-roe bloc of the court.	blackmun went further, attacking and criticizing the anti-roe bloc of the court.
"sedevacantists, who regard the pope and the bishops of the "" official "" church as having fallen into heresy and having therefore forfeited their authority."	"sedevacantists, who regard the pope and the bishops of the "" novus ordo "" church as having fallen into heresy and having therefore forfeited their authority."
obama's performance was compared favorably to his performance in the first debate, which he was widely perceived to have lost badly .	obama's performance was compared favorably to his performance in the first debate, which he was widely perceived to have lost.
over 2,000 years ago , the goa'uld queen egeria realized her own wrongdoings and the fact that her species was responsible for great suffering in the galaxy.	over 2,000 years before the start of the series , the goa'uld queen egeria realized her own wrongdoings and the fact that her species was responsible for great suffering in the galaxy.
the mountain lies only a few kilometres west of the matterhorn.	the mountain lies a few kilometres west of the matterhorn.
he was designed and played by costume designer kevin shanahan for the entire twenty years of his tenure, and was unceremoniously replaced by ace and diamond, as the baseball club had long since wanted a mascot that it owned and could fully control.	he was designed and played by costume designer kevin shanahan for the entire twenty years of his tenure, and was replaced by ace and diamond, as the baseball club had long since wanted a mascot that it owned and could fully control.
"american television network fox tv controversially aired footage of the disaster in the programme when good times go bad 3. they incorrectly blamed supporters for deliberately starting the fire; and the program used offensive analogies such as ""as rabid as american fans can get, they can't hold a candle to soccer fans around the world""."	"american television network fox tv controversially aired footage of the disaster in the programme when good times go bad 3. they incorrectly blamed supporters for deliberately starting the fire; and the program used analogies such as ""as rabid as american fans can get, they can't hold a candle to soccer fans around the world""."
grey ( international and some parts of the u.s.) or gray (some u.s. only see spelling differences) describes the tints and shades ranging from black to white.	grey ( outside the u.s. and some parts of the u.s.) or gray (some u.s. only see spelling differences) describes the tints and shades ranging from black to white.
the vocabulary of lscv is only 72% similar to that of lse, so some linguists maintain that the former is unique enough to have its own grammar, as is the case with catalan sign language (lsc).	the vocabulary of lscv is 72% similar to that of lse, so some linguists maintain that the former is unique enough to have its own grammar, as is the case with catalan sign language (lsc).
msnbc has been accused of having a liberal bias favoring democrats particularly on the countdown with keith olbermann, hardball with chris matthews, and live with dan abrams segments .	msnbc has been accused of having a liberal bias favoring democrats particularly on the countdown with keith olbermann, hardball with chris matthews, and live with dan abrams shows .
"historian and former white house counsel john dean's reassessment of harding claims his accomplishments included income tax and federal spending reductions, economic policies that reduced ""stagflation"", a reduction of unemployment by 10%, and a bold foreign policy that created peace with germany, japan, and central america."	"historian and former white house counsel john dean's reassessment of harding stated his accomplishments included income tax and federal spending reductions, economic policies that reduced ""stagflation"", a reduction of unemployment by 10%, and a bold foreign policy that created peace with germany, japan, and central america."
only an estimated 57,000 people 0.1% of the population owned such weapons prior to the ban.	an estimated 57,000 people 0.1% of the population owned such weapons prior to the ban.
currently, morpheus redirects a user attempting to download pirated music and movie files to a site with purchase links for music.	currently, morpheus redirects a user attempting to download unauthorized copyrighted music and movie files to a site with purchase links for music.
knight is a self-avowed democrat; he attended the 2012 democratic national convention in support of president obama's re-election.	knight is a democrat; he attended the 2012 democratic national convention in support of president obama's re-election.
"the report naively states that ""another reason for the ipcc's unreliability is the naive acceptance by policymakers of 'peer reviewed' literature as necessarily authoritative."""	"the report states that ""another reason for the ipcc's unreliability is the naive acceptance by policymakers of 'peer reviewed' literature as necessarily authoritative."""
the town is also the boyhood home of actor, donald sutherland as well as nhl allstar glen murray	the town is also the boyhood home of actor, donald sutherland as well as nhl player glen murray
nelson province has super beaches and a sheltered harbour.	nelson province has beaches and a sheltered harbour.
the solution is given by the eulerlagrange equations ( thanks to the boundary conditions),	the solution is given by the eulerlagrange equations ( due to the boundary conditions),
"lawrence richard walters, nicknamed ""lawnchair larry"" or the ""lawn chair pilot"", (april 19, 1949 october 6, 1993) was an american truck driver who took flight on july 2, 1982 in a homemade aircraft ."	"lawrence richard walters, nicknamed ""lawnchair larry"" or the ""lawn chair pilot"", (april 19, 1949 october 6, 1993) was an american truck driver who took flight on july 2, 1982 in a homemade airship ."
the show itself was highly successful in its first four seasons, though it dropped out the top-30 in the final season:	the show itself was successful in its first four seasons, though it dropped out the top-30 in the final season:
jewish tradition affirms the assyrian deportations and replacement of the previous inhabitants by forced resettlement by other peoples, but maintains a different ethnic origin for the samaritans.	jewish tradition affirms the assyrian deportations and replacement of the previous inhabitants by forced resettlement by other peoples, but claims a different ethnic origin for the samaritans.
unfortunately , certain members of parliament are seeking to ban graham's son, franklin graham, from entering the united kingdom after being accused of hate speech towards muslims and lgbt groups.	however , certain members of parliament are seeking to ban graham's son, franklin graham, from entering the united kingdom after being accused of hate speech towards muslims and lgbt groups.
in his first season at elland road, bridges scored 19 premiership goals including a magnificent hat-trick against southhampton.	in his first season at elland road, bridges scored 19 premiership goals including a hat-trick against southhampton.
this stinker was also written and produced by its star, ronald l. marchini, and executive-produced by his wife, jo anne marchini.	this film was also written and produced by its star, ronald l. marchini, and executive-produced by his wife, jo anne marchini.
boruc is a huge legia warszawa fan.	boruc is a legia warszawa fan.
pat north in the controversial crime series trial and retribution and liz grainger in all three series of lwt's secret agent drama wish me luck.	pat north in the crime series trial and retribution and liz grainger in all three series of lwt's secret agent drama wish me luck.
his father was a lutheran pastor and died when nietzsche was only four years old, leaving him to be raised by his mother and three sisters.	his father was a lutheran pastor and died when nietzsche was four years old, leaving him to be raised by his mother and three sisters.
though presumably accepted by a majority, there is evidence a significant population of jehovah's witnesses do not endorse it.	though accepted by a majority, there is evidence a significant population of jehovah's witnesses do not endorse it.
the licence fee is extorted on a per household basis.	the licence fee is charged on a per household basis.
"after south korea defeated japan at the bronze medal match at millenium stadium in cardiff on 10 august, south korean player park jong-woo has walked around the field holding a banner with a political message written in korean, "" !"""	"after south korea defeated japan at the bronze medal match at millenium stadium in cardiff on 10 august, south korean player park jong-woo has walked around the field holding a banner with a message written in korean, "" !"""
from 1919 to 1939 belz belonged to the lww voivodeship, second polish republic.	from 1919 to 1939 belz was annexed to the lww voivodeship, second polish republic.
concerns of violence and islamic extremism	allegations of violence and islamic extremism
ray douglas bradbury (born august 22, 1920) is an american mainstream , fantasy, horror, science fiction, and mystery writer.	ray douglas bradbury (born august 22, 1920) is an american, fantasy, horror, science fiction, and mystery writer.
groups sometimes included as holocaust victims	groups other than jews included as holocaust victims
in july 1945, the yugoslav state commission for investigation of crimes of occupiers and their allies proclaimed artukovi a war criminal.	in july 1945, the yugoslav state commission for investigation of crimes of occupiers and their allies declared artukovi a war criminal.
he asks that none of his work should be reproduced in whole or in part, and even further that libraries containing such pirated copies of his work remove them.	he asks that none of his work should be reproduced in whole or in part, and even further that libraries containing such copies of his work remove them.
linda tuero (born october 21, 1950) was an american amateur and professional tennis star .	linda tuero (born october 21, 1950) was an american amateur and professional tennis player .
the word curry is widely believed to be a bastardization of the tamil word kari , meaning something like sauce, but it may also be derived from the french cuire .	the word curry is widely believed to be a corruption of the tamil word kari , meaning something like sauce, but it may also be derived from the french cuire .
1955), son-in-law of grand rabbi naftali halberstam the previous bobover grand rebbe, was declared grand rebbe by many bobover hasidim.	1955), son-in-law of grand rabbi naftali halberstam the previous bobover grand rebbe, was declared bobover rebbe by many bobover hasidim.
notable for his calm and forthright manner, kind holling holds the office of mayor during most of the series, though in a town so small his duties are so light that it is rarely mentioned.	notable for his calm and forthright manner, holling holds the office of mayor during most of the series, though in a town so small his duties are so light that it is rarely mentioned.
luckily , spider-man arrived and saved them from getting killed.	however , spider-man arrived and saved them from getting killed.
"the flemish-language de standaard newspaper editorialized that ""showing degrading pictures of a prisoner, even if he was a cruel tyrant, does not increase the moral authority of those who overpowered him."""	"the flemish-language de standaard newspaper stated that ""showing degrading pictures of a prisoner, even if he was a cruel tyrant, does not increase the moral authority of those who overpowered him."""
foley became the first confirmed american citizen to be martyred in the name of the iraqi-syrian caliphate revolution, an al-qaeda affiliate, also referred to as isis since its proclamation.	foley became the first confirmed american citizen to be killed in the name of the iraqi-syrian caliphate revolution, an al-qaeda affiliate, also referred to as isis since its proclamation.
during their decade long life span the finals of this prestigious event have boasted many well known names that have continued to work in comedy to great acclaim - amongst them are peter kay, julian barrett & nina conti.	during their decade long life span the finals of this event have boasted many well known names that have continued to work in comedy to great acclaim - amongst them are peter kay, julian barrett & nina conti.
in 1942, paul kraus argued convincingly that anonymous members of the muslim sect known as the brethren of purity were the true authors of works attributed to jabir, and that they were writing in the ninth and tenth centuries .	in 1942, paul kraus argued that anonymous members of the muslim sect known as the brethren of purity were the true authors of works attributed to jabir, and that they were writing in the ninth and tenth centuries .
the chewy taste of barbecue cold noodles comes from gluten.	the chewy texture of barbecue cold noodles comes from gluten.
"photograph originally claimed by ""iran focus"" and published by several major western news agencies (including ap, afp, and reuters), claiming the man walking the hostage (circled) is ahmadinejad, one of the captors in of the u.s. embassy hostages, 1979. saeed hajjarian, a lead reformist and a critic of ahmadinezhad with a background in iranian intelligence, recognizes the pictured man to be ""taghi mohammadi, a militant who committed suicide in jail""."	"photograph originally claimed by ""iran focus"" and published by several major western news agencies (including ap, afp, and reuters), claiming the man walking the hostage (circled) is ahmadinejad, one of the captors in of the u.s. embassy hostages, 1979. saeed hajjarian, a lead reformist and a critic of ahmadinezhad with a background in iranian intelligence, claims to recognize the pictured man to be ""taghi mohammadi, a militant who committed suicide in jail""."
transsexual professors lynn conway and deirdre mccloskey filed a complaint against bailey with illinois state regulators, alleging that he practiced psychology without a license by providing brief case evaluation letters suggesting candidacy for sex reassignment surgery; however, the department did not pursue those allegations, as he did not accept remuneration for the services and therefore did not violate the law.	professors lynn conway and deirdre mccloskey filed a complaint against bailey with illinois state regulators, alleging that he practiced psychology without a license by providing brief case evaluation letters suggesting candidacy for sex reassignment surgery; however, the department did not pursue those allegations, as he did not accept remuneration for the services and therefore did not violate the law.
one in a million is an american television sitcom that aired on abc for one season in 1980. the show was developed as a starring vehicle for comedienne shirley hemphill after the success of what's happening!!	one in a million is an american television sitcom that aired on abc for one season in 1980. the show was developed as a starring vehicle for comedian shirley hemphill after the success of what's happening!!
the village is the site of some useful facilities, such as a fire station, a post office (zip code 95389), a medical clinic, a convenience store, restaurants, gift shops, a school (kindergarten through eighth grade), and the park's headquarters facilities, and main visitor center.	the village is the site of some public facilities, such as a fire station, a post office (zip code 95389), a medical clinic, a convenience store, restaurants, gift shops, a school (kindergarten through eighth grade), and the park's headquarters facilities, and main visitor center.
about half of the rayon is currently occupied by armenian forces.	about half of the rayon is currently controlled by armenian forces.
notably, impostor syndrome is particularly common among high-achieving women .	notably, impostor syndrome is particularly common among high-achieving persons .
"on 21 june 1940, ciano recorded in his diary that mussolini was humiliated by the invasion of france as ""our troops have not made a step forward."	"on 21 june 1940, ciano recorded in his diary that mussolini felt humiliated by the invasion of france as ""our troops have not made a step forward."
nathanson wore a bluetooth cellular headset, as did his mysterious boss, graem.	nathanson wore a bluetooth cellular headset, as did his boss, graem.
the intended result is to cause either shame or anger at the subject, by casting aspersions on his mother's character.	the intended result is to cause either shame or anger at the subject, by casting aspersions on one's mother's character.
muslim biographers of muhammad tell a story that a jewess of banu nadir tribe attempted to poison muhammad to avenge her slain relatives.	muslim biographers of muhammad tell a story that a jewish woman of banu nadir tribe attempted to poison muhammad to avenge her slain relatives.
ibsen wrote his plays in danish and they were published by the danish publisher gyldendal.	ibsen wrote his plays in norwegian and they were published by the danish publisher gyldendal.
however, they have sometimes been misused by criminals.	however, they have sometimes been used by criminals.
after failing spectacularly at this, she changed her mind.	after failing at this, she changed her mind.
lieutenant gasto salsinha is the de facto leader of the east timor ( properly timor leste) rebel movement following the death of former leader major alfredo reinado.	lieutenant gasto salsinha is the de facto leader of the east timor ( officially timor leste) rebel movement following the death of former leader major alfredo reinado.
john thomas walton (october 8 1946 – june 27, 2005) was a decorated american war hero , and a son of wal-mart founder sam walton.	john thomas walton (october 8 1946 – june 27, 2005) was a decorated american war veteran , and a son of wal-mart founder sam walton.
whether you hit high or low, each hit will have a different outcome, including penalties and injuries.	whether a player gets hit high or low, each hit will have a different outcome, including penalties and injuries.
he was a member of the knights of malta, and was also unexpectedly knighted by the predominantly lutheran country of denmark.	he was a member of the knights of malta, and was also knighted by the predominantly lutheran country of denmark.
toward the end of 2008 the numbers of troops being killed or seriously injured whilst travelling in lightly armoured snatch land rovers in both iraq and afghanistan finally raised questions in the united kingdom parliament about the suitability of the vehicles for use in these theatres .	toward the end of 2008 the numbers of troops being killed or seriously injured whilst travelling in lightly armoured snatch land rovers in both iraq and afghanistan raised questions in the united kingdom parliament about the suitability of the vehicles for use in these theatres .
each center is a cozy and informal place to learn about and observe judaism, and provides an atmosphere such that all jews feel comfortable at chabad events.	each center aims to provide a cozy and informal place to learn about and observe judaism, and provides an atmosphere such that all jews feel comfortable at chabad events.
chvez's reforms have evoked controversy in venezuela and abroad, receiving anything from vehement criticism to enthusiastic support.	chvez's policies have evoked controversy in venezuela and abroad, receiving anything from vehement criticism to enthusiastic support.
"the word was christened ""the australian adjective"" by the bulletin on 18 august 1894. one australian performer has even made it his middle name to show how australian he is - kevin bloody wilson."	"the word was dubbed ""the australian adjective"" by the bulletin on 18 august 1894. one australian performer has even made it his middle name to show how australian he is - kevin bloody wilson."
despite this ill-conceived association with mccarthy, flynn remained fairly consistent in his foreign policy views.	despite this association with mccarthy, flynn remained fairly consistent in his foreign policy views.
eubank finished his career with a creditable record of 45 wins, 2 draws and 5 losses.	eubank finished his career with a record of 45 wins, 2 draws and 5 losses.
he was the only boy, with nine sisters, and grew up on a notorious housing estate, la grande borne, in grigny, south of paris.	he was the only boy, with nine sisters, and grew up on a housing estate, la grande borne, in grigny, south of paris.
examples of biblical passages which support free will:	examples of biblical passages which are used to argue for free will:
she also appeared in a las vegas production of mame for which she initially received good reviews for her charming performance, but for which role she was vocally unprepared, and she blamed herself for not having wanted to spend the money on voice lessons that might have allowed her to keep the role.	she also appeared in a las vegas production of mame for which she initially received good reviews for her performance, but for which role she was vocally unprepared, and she blamed herself for not having wanted to spend the money on voice lessons that might have allowed her to keep the role.
however, entering south ossetia from georgia is currently impossible.	however, entering south ossetia from georgian government controlled territory is currently impossible.
the party's mixture of populism, anti-establishment and nationalist themes propagated by its aggressive leader steadily gained support over the years.	the party's mixture of populism, anti-establishment and nationalist themes propagated by its leader steadily gained support over the years.
this cranky notion still has adherents.	this notion still has adherents.
since 2002, wasson has been the international face of maybelline, appearing in print ads and television commercials for the iconic cosmetics brand.	since 2002, wasson has been the international face of maybelline, appearing in print ads and television commercials for the cosmetics brand.
karlan is also a beloved teacher at stanford law school and has won the school's prestigious hurlbut teaching award multiple times.	karlan is also a teacher at stanford law school and has won the school's prestigious hurlbut teaching award multiple times.
however the practical extraction of insulin is rightfully credited to a team at the university of toronto.	however the practical extraction of insulin is credited to a team at the university of toronto.
his political beliefs developed after learning of the atrocities committed against communist sympathizers in finland.	his political beliefs changed after learning of the atrocities committed against communist sympathizers in finland.
despite all of the legal changes of the past half-century, however, the usa remains a rigidly segregated society, with housing patterns, school enrollment, church membership, employment opportunities, and even colleges all reflecting significant de facto segregation.	despite all of the legal changes of the past half-century, however, the usa remains a somewhat segregated society, with housing patterns, school enrollment, church membership, employment opportunities, and even colleges all reflecting significant de facto segregation.
"this consists of miller's seminal batman: the dark knight returns, its sequel batman: the dark knight strikes again, batman: year one, the upcoming holy terror, batman!, and the frank miller / todd mcfarlane collaboration of spawn/batman""."	"this consists of miller's batman: the dark knight returns, its sequel batman: the dark knight strikes again, batman: year one, the upcoming holy terror, batman!, and the frank miller / todd mcfarlane collaboration of spawn/batman""."
many carinthians are afraid of slovenian territorial claims, pointing to the fact that yugoslav troops entered the state after each of the two world wars and considering that some official slovenian atlases still show parts of carinthia as slovenian cultural territory.	many carinthians are afraid of slovenian territorial claims, pointing to the fact that yugoslav troops entered the state after each of the two world wars and considering that some official slovenian atlases show parts of carinthia as slovenian cultural territory.
other electoral issues were the so-called quebec charter of values, and language.	other electoral issues were the quebec charter of values, and language.
"he was also known by the nickname ""the machine,"" due to his robot-like consistency and accuracy."	"he was also known by the nickname ""the machine,"" due to his consistency and accuracy."
feroze gandhi institute of engineering and technology was formally announced on 15 september 2004, in the majestic presence of smt.	feroze gandhi institute of engineering and technology was formally announced on 15 september 2004, in the presence of smt.
the cladistics vs. phenetics debate of the mid-20th century unfortunately revived scientific interest in generalizing comparisons.	the cladistics vs. phenetics debate of the mid-20th century revived scientific interest in generalizing comparisons.
hannity is known for his confrontational style with guests on his programs, and arch- conservative views.	hannity is known for his confrontational style with guests on his programs, and conservative views.
insead is widely recognised among the world's top-tier business schools and is one of the most innovative and influential.	insead is widely considered among the world's top-tier business schools and is one of the most innovative and influential.
israeli government experts on international law have advised cabinet ministers with a security background and senior idf officers not to visit britain, spain, belgium or norway because in these countries they risk being arrested on charges of alleged war crimes through universal jurisdiction laws.	israeli government experts on international law have advised cabinet ministers with a security background and senior idf officers not to visit britain, spain, belgium or norway because in these countries they risk being arrested on charges of war crimes through universal jurisdiction laws.
he is married to writer and comedienne mandy steckelberg, and they have two daughters together.	he is married to writer and comedian mandy steckelberg, and they have two daughters together.
"a 2014 report on the links between britain first and terrorist organisations in northern ireland noted that behind populist facebook posts ""lies a small but dangerous group of religious fundamentalists intent on starting a 'holy war'""."	"a 2014 report on the links between britain first and terrorist organisations in northern ireland said that behind populist facebook posts ""lies a small but dangerous group of religious fundamentalists intent on starting a 'holy war'""."
seafood is especially popular along the coast, chicken is cherished nearly everywhere, and many dishes combine both fish and meat.	seafood is especially popular along the coast, chicken is eaten nearly everywhere, and many dishes combine both fish and meat.
bubblegum pop (also known as bubblegum rock, bubblegum music, or simply bubblegum) is a genre of pop music with an upbeat sound contrived and marketed to appeal to pre-teens and teenagers, produced in an assembly-line process, driven by producers, often using unknown singers.	bubblegum pop (also known as bubblegum rock, bubblegum music, or simply bubblegum) is a genre of pop music with an upbeat sound created and marketed to appeal to pre-teens and teenagers, produced in an assembly-line process, driven by producers, often using unknown singers.
also, he is best known for his role as wendell wilcox on the parent 'hood from 1995-1998 and maurice starr on bet's the new edition story.	also, he is known for his role as wendell wilcox on the parent 'hood from 1995-1998 and maurice starr on bet's the new edition story.
to build javafx apps developers use a statically typed, declarative language called javafx script; java code can be seamlessly integrated into javafx programs.	to build javafx apps developers use a statically typed, declarative language called javafx script; java code can be integrated into javafx programs.
it once had thriving live music scene in the 1970s and 1980s, nurturing great acts such as ac/dc, midnight oil and inxs.	it once had thriving live music scene in the 1970s and 1980s, nurturing acts such as ac/dc, midnight oil and inxs.
the erp launched its armed struggle against the argentine military regime in 1969, using targeted urban terrorist tactics, such as assassinations and kidnappings of government officials and foreign company executives.	the erp launched its armed struggle against the argentine military regime in 1969, using targeted urban guerrilla tactics, such as assassinations and kidnappings of government officials and foreign company executives.
the 9/11 domestic complicity conspiracy theory asserts that either president george w. bush, or members of his cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).	the 9/11 domestic complicity theory asserts that either president george w. bush, or members of his cabinet, or united states intelligence agencies had detailed advance knowledge about the september 11, 2001 attacks, and allowed it to happen or even caused it, providing an excuse to launch their war on terrorism (see project for the new american century).
), emitt rhodes (emitt rhodes, mirror, farewell to paradise), stevie wonder (innervisions), john fogerty (centerfield), ihsahn (the adversary (album)), ian anderson (walk into light, the secret language of birds), bill evans (conversations with myself, further conversations with myself), r. stevie moore (phonography (album)) and prince on many of his 1980s classics .	), emitt rhodes (emitt rhodes, mirror, farewell to paradise), stevie wonder (innervisions), john fogerty (centerfield), ihsahn (the adversary (album)), ian anderson (walk into light, the secret language of birds), bill evans (conversations with myself, further conversations with myself), r. stevie moore (phonography (album)) and prince on many of his 1980s recordings .
"don referred to her, upon learning of and mourning her passing , as ""the only person who really knew me."""	"don referred to her, upon learning of and mourning her death , as ""the only person who really knew me."""
on 19 may 2012, srgio and hearts won the scottish cup the eighth overall for the club and the first in six years after a 51 rout of hibernian.	on 19 may 2012, srgio and hearts won the scottish cup the eighth overall for the club and the first in six years after a 51 despatching of hibernian.
the unsw business school at the university of new south wales is a leading business school located in sydney, australia.	the unsw business school at the university of new south wales is a business school located in sydney, australia.
inter-crural intercourse is a type of frottage practiced mainly by homosexual men.	inter-crural intercourse is a type of frottage practiced mainly by gay men.
"the concept of ""natural law"" emerged in ancient greek philosophy concurrently and in entanglement with the notion of justice, and re-entered the mainstream of western culture through the writings of thomas aquinas, notably his treatise on law."	"the concept of ""natural law"" emerged in ancient greek philosophy concurrently and in connection with the notion of justice, and re-entered the mainstream of western culture through the writings of thomas aquinas, notably his treatise on law."
tomkat, a portmanteau for celebrity supercouple tom cruise & katie holmes	tomkat, a portmanteau for celebrity couple tom cruise & katie holmes
it ended with the totalitarian government resigning without bloodshed.	it ended with the communist government resigning without bloodshed.
alcee lamar hastings (born september 5, 1936) is a corrupted member of the united states house of representatives representing the 23rd district of florida (map).	alcee lamar hastings (born september 5, 1936) is a member of the united states house of representatives representing the 23rd district of florida (map).
is often confused with muzaffarabad city which is a separate city in pakistan occupied kashmir)	is often confused with muzaffarabad city which is a separate city in pakistan administered kashmir)
nels was inducted in the international hockey hall of fame in 1962.	nels was inducted in the hockey hall of fame in 1962.
the incompatible timesharing system: a revolutionary computer operating system;	the incompatible timesharing system: a computer operating system;
as a result 14 british military soldiers, sailors and marines were murdered and additional 40 were wounded.	as a result 14 british military soldiers, sailors and marines were killed and additional 40 were wounded.
"on 5 april 2016, waad al baghdadi, shockingly admitted whilst being interviewed by the bbc that ""they metropolitan police service used me."	"on 5 april 2016, waad al baghdadi, admitted whilst being interviewed by the bbc that ""they metropolitan police service used me."
amnesty international estimates that 135 million women worldwide have experienced some form of female genital cutting mutilation , with over 2 million girls estimated to undergo the procedure every year.	amnesty international estimates that 135 million women worldwide have experienced some form of female genital cutting, with over 2 million girls estimated to undergo the procedure every year.
the provisional ira south armagh brigade was a notorious pira brigade during the troubles in south armagh, a predominantly nationalist area along the border with the republic of ireland.	the provisional ira south armagh brigade was a pira brigade during the troubles in south armagh, a predominantly nationalist area along the border with the republic of ireland.
in the recent gonzales v. raich case, he joined the liberal members of the court (along with ultra conservative justice scalia) in permitting the federal government to prohibit the use of medical marijuana, even in states in which it is legal, thus invalidating a california law that made the use of medical marijuana legal.	in the recent gonzales v. raich case, he joined the liberal members of the court (along with conservative justice scalia) in permitting the federal government to prohibit the use of medical marijuana, even in states in which it is legal, thus invalidating a california law that made the use of medical marijuana legal.
) two days earlier, suse claimed that the timing of the announcement was coincidental and unrelated.	) two days earlier, suse stated that the timing of the announcement was coincidental and unrelated.
"ross noble infamously referred to the breville in a stand-up sketch, in which he described a monkey with a breville attached to his leg, so when he fancied a cheese toasted sandwich, he would clap his hands and shout ""breville monkey!"""	"ross noble referred to the breville in a stand-up sketch, in which he described a monkey with a breville attached to his leg, so when he fancied a cheese toasted sandwich, he would clap his hands and shout ""breville monkey!"""
this was a spectacular raid planned by general kurt student and carried out by senior storm unit leader (obersturmbannfhrer) otto skorzeny.	this was a raid planned by general kurt student and carried out by senior storm unit leader (obersturmbannfhrer) otto skorzeny.
recent improvements to the newspaper have seen it grow in circulation from about 340,000 in 2001 to over 353,000 in 2005 (although it reached figures greater than this in the mid-1990s under the editorship of don smith, replaced by brian crisp in 1999).	recent changes to the newspaper have seen it grow in circulation from about 340,000 in 2001 to over 353,000 in 2005 (although it reached figures greater than this in the mid-1990s under the editorship of don smith, replaced by brian crisp in 1999).
the college has recently followed the example of their great gaelic football rivals abbey cbs in including rugby union teams into the curriculum.	the college has recently followed the example of their local gaelic football rivals abbey cbs in including rugby union teams into the curriculum.
"), the ""french repeatedly warned that they could not furnish troops for european defense without generous american support in indochina, a ploy secretary of state dean acheson accurately described as 'blackmail'."""	"), the ""french repeatedly warned that they could not furnish troops for european defense without generous american support in indochina, a ploy secretary of state dean acheson described as 'blackmail'."""
minicon has had many interesting guests of honor over the years, including gordon r. dickson, poul anderson, clifford d. simak, lester del rey, frederik pohl, octavia e. butler, harlan ellison, larry niven, and terry pratchett.	minicon has had many guests of honor over the years, including gordon r. dickson, poul anderson, clifford d. simak, lester del rey, frederik pohl, octavia e. butler, harlan ellison, larry niven, and terry pratchett.
this is a list of some of the more noteworthy marian apparitions.	this is a list of some of the more publicized marian apparitions.
the free commune was severely weakened by decades of infighting, allowing the pope to impose the tyranny of his envoy cardinal bertrand du pouget in 1327. du pouget was eventually ousted by a popoular rebellion and bologna became a signoria under taddeo pepoli in 1334. by the arrival of the black death in 1348, bologna had 40-50,000 inhabitants, reduced to just 20-25,000 after the plague.	the free commune was severely weakened by decades of infighting, allowing the pope to impose the rule of his envoy cardinal bertrand du pouget in 1327. du pouget was eventually ousted by a popoular rebellion and bologna became a signoria under taddeo pepoli in 1334. by the arrival of the black death in 1348, bologna had 40-50,000 inhabitants, reduced to just 20-25,000 after the plague.
the police association campaigned vigorously on their behalf, and the charges were withdrawn.	the police association campaigned on their behalf, and the charges were withdrawn.
apollo carreon quiboloy is the founder and leader of the religious cult , kingdom of jesus christ.	apollo carreon quiboloy is the founder and leader of the religious organization , kingdom of jesus christ.
the car is famous for providing kimi rikknen with his first world championship title and the team with its first constructor's title since michael schumacher helped them win both in 2004.	the car is best known for providing kimi rikknen with his first world championship title and the team with its first constructor's title since michael schumacher helped them win both in 2004.
balhae, also known as bohai in chinese (698 - 926) was an ancient korean kingdom occupying parts of manchuria, primorsky krai, and the northern part of the korean peninsula.	balhae, also known as bohai in chinese (698 - 926) was an ancient kingdom occupying parts of manchuria, primorsky krai, and the northern part of the korean peninsula.
club social y deportivo colo-colo is chile's most popular football club.	club social y deportivo colo-colo is chile's most successful football club.
the scottish actress and comedienne , elaine c smith was a teacher at the school in the early 1980s.	the scottish actress and comedian , elaine c smith was a teacher at the school in the early 1980s.
microformats2 made it easier for authors to publish microformats and for developers to consume them, while remaining backwards compatible	microformats2 was intended to make it easier for authors to publish microformats and for developers to consume them, while remaining backwards compatible
mouro gained notoriety in 2015 during the political crisis in the second term of president dilma rousseff, when he was transferred from the military command of the south (cms) to the secretary of economy and finance, in the federal district, due to statements made in a speech about the political context at the time.	mouro gained fame in 2015 during the political crisis in the second term of president dilma rousseff, when he was transferred from the military command of the south (cms) to the secretary of economy and finance, in the federal district, due to statements made in a speech about the political context at the time.
former disgruntled stephenville empire-tribune staff writer angelia joiner, who during this period was the reporter covering the story, resigned from the paper when they ceased covering the topic.	former stephenville empire-tribune staff writer angelia joiner, who during this period was the reporter covering the story, resigned from the paper when they ceased covering the topic.
in recent years, the town has come somewhat under the media spotlight for the infamous dudley george shooting.	in recent years, the town has come somewhat under the media spotlight for the dudley george shooting.
in the summer of 2011, he guest-starred on the lifetime tv series drop dead diva, playing the ex-husband of the character played by comedienne kathy griffin.	in the summer of 2011, he guest-starred on the lifetime tv series drop dead diva, playing the ex-husband of the character played by comedian kathy griffin.
the bulgarian orthodox church is an inseparable member of the one, holy, synodal and apostolic church and is organised as a self-governing body under the name of patriarchate.	the bulgarian orthodox church considers itself an inseparable member of the one, holy, synodal and apostolic church and is organised as a self-governing body under the name of patriarchate.
royston campbell crane (november 22, 1901 july 7, 1977), who signed his work roy crane, was an influential american cartoonist who created the comic strip characters wash tubbs, captain easy and buz sawyer.	royston campbell crane (november 22, 1901 july 7, 1977), who signed his work roy crane, was an american cartoonist who created the comic strip characters wash tubbs, captain easy and buz sawyer.
colomina has been on the editorial board of such prestigious periodicals as assemblage, daidalos, and grey room.	colomina has been on the editorial board of such periodicals as assemblage, daidalos, and grey room.
david spade's sideburns defined the trailer-trash style of joe dirt 2001. sideburns also made a brief comeback in the 1990's from the television show beverly hills, 90210. but when the show ended so did the brief comeback of sideburns.	david spade's sideburns defined the trailer-trash style of joe dirt 2001. sideburns also made a brief comeback in the 1990's from the television show beverly hills, 90210. but when the show ended so did the comeback of sideburns.
bette macdonald, actress, singer, comedienne	bette macdonald, actress, singer, comedian
except for its top-ranking officials, the league's members, from fifteen to twenty-five years of age, are indoctrinated , trained, and prepared to serve as future party regulars.	except for its top-ranking officials, the league's members, from fifteen to twenty-five years of age, are taught , trained, and prepared to serve as future party regulars.
his simplistic reasoning was that the elk hoof prints on the cast meant the larger impression was most likely an elk.	his reasoning was that the elk hoof prints on the cast meant the larger impression was most likely an elk.
on january 5, 2009 a garish new set was unveiled, as well as a ticker at the bottom of the screen to alert the viewer to breaking news stories and which guests and features are still to come on the programme.	on january 5, 2009 a new set was unveiled, as well as a ticker at the bottom of the screen to alert the viewer to breaking news stories and which guests and features are still to come on the programme.
the film was a box office flop and as a result this was the only feature film directed by bass.	the film was a box office disappointment and as a result this was the only feature film directed by bass.
in 2002 he was granted political asylum by the british government following his escape from imprisonment, having been charged by indonesia with treason after he raised the banned national flag of west papua in a traditional ceremony.	in 2002 he was granted political asylum by the british government following his escape from imprisonment, having been charged by indonesia with treason after he raised the banned flag of west papua in a traditional ceremony.
flavius josephus in jewish antiquities book 18, chapter 5, paragraph 2 records the following:	flavius josephus in jewish antiquities book 18, chapter 5, paragraph 2 writes the following:
the virginia tech massacre media blowout: v-tech rampage, virginia tech shootout!, and others achieved questionable fame from allegations of making fun of the virginia tech massacre.	the virginia tech massacre media blowout: v-tech rampage, virginia tech shootout!, and others achieved fame from allegations of making fun of the virginia tech massacre.
a regular girl is a lost 1919 silent film comedy directed by james young and starring comedienne elsie janis.	a regular girl is a lost 1919 silent film comedy directed by james young and starring comedian elsie janis.
since october 2015, allen has co-hosted the notorious podcast like minded friends with comedian suzi ruffell.	since october 2015, allen has co-hosted the podcast like minded friends with comedian suzi ruffell .
later movements found inspiration in miller's emphasis on bible prophecy and the bahai faith confirmed his predictions of 1844 events to be accurate.	later movements found inspiration in miller's emphasis on bible prophecy and the bahai faith believes his predictions of 1844 events to be accurate.
jeonara is a beautiful village in seoni district of madhya pradesh in india.	jeonara is a village in seoni district of madhya pradesh in india.
jean marc nobilo (born 27 july 1960) is a famous football coach for young players ligue 1 side le havre.	jean marc nobilo (born 27 july 1960) is a french football coach for young players ligue 1 side le havre.
he became prominent internationally in november of 2007 when he publicly broke with chavez and announced his opposition to the planned constitutional referendum that would substantially widen chavez' presidential powers.	he became prominent internationally in november of 2007 when he publicly broke with chavez and announced his opposition to the planned constitutional referendum that would have also widen chavez' presidential powers.
"terrorised iraqi soldiers gave it the nickname ""steel rain""."	"terror-stricken iraqi soldiers gave it the nickname ""steel rain""."
unofficial variants and derivatives are not controlled or guided by canonical ltd. and generally have different goals in mind.	other variants and derivatives are not controlled or guided by canonical ltd. and generally have different goals in mind.
anniversaries and inevitable media interviews followed the connallys for decades to come.	anniversaries and media interviews followed the connallys for decades to come.
two door cinema club are an irish indie rock band from bangor and donaghadee in county down, northern ireland.	two door cinema club are an indie rock band from bangor and donaghadee in county down, northern ireland.
upon learning of her passing , the providence journal ran an obituary for fanny and in 2007 the city of pawtucket dedicated a fiberglass sculpture to her, which stands within sight of fanny's barn.	upon learning of her death , the providence journal ran an obituary for fanny and in 2007 the city of pawtucket dedicated a fiberglass sculpture to her, which stands within sight of fanny's barn.
on nov 2 2009, malwarebytes stated that the chinese company iobit had stolen virus definitions from malwarebytes.	on nov 2 2009, malwarebytes claimed that the chinese company iobit had stolen virus definitions from malwarebytes.
in june 2010, norman claimed he was assaulted by chinese security staff when he rushed a visiting chinese delegation of the vice president xi jinping with a tibetan snow lion flag.	in june 2010, norman claimed he was assaulted by chinese security staff when he protested against a visiting chinese delegation of the vice president xi jinping with a tibetan snow lion flag.
priceline pharmacies also occasionally carry lines not carried in general priceline stores, such as elizabeth arden cosmetics.	priceline pharmacies also occasionally carry lines not carried in retail-only priceline stores, such as elizabeth arden cosmetics.
judge moloto entered a compelling dissenting opinion from the majority in their judgement convicting general momilo perii at the icty on 6 september, 2011.	judge moloto entered a dissenting opinion from the majority in their judgement convicting general momilo perii at the icty on 6 september, 2011.
however, they were often unfairly thought of by both the public and the media as a mere imitation of nine inch nails.	however, they were often thought of by both the public and the media as a mere imitation of nine inch nails.
the sports infrastructure of san miguel has had a remarkable development and modernization since the beginning of the past decade.	the sports infrastructure of san miguel has had a significant development and modernization since the beginning of the past decade.
margaret hilda thatcher, baroness thatcher, ( roberts; 13 october 1925 – 8 april 2013) was a british stateswoman who was the prime minister of the united kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and the leader of the conservative party from 1975 to 1990. she was the longest-serving british prime minister of the 20th century, and the first woman to have held the office.	margaret hilda thatcher, baroness thatcher, ( roberts; 13 october 1925 – 8 april 2013) was a british politician who was the prime minister of the united kingdom from 1979 to 1990 and the leader of the conservative party from 1975 to 1990. she was the longest-serving british prime minister of the 20th century, and the first woman to have held the office.
this theory of origin has support from the alleged fact that the label huguenot was first applied in france to those conspirators (all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church) involved in the amboise plot of 1560: a foiled attempt to usurp power in france from the influential house of guise, a move which would have had the side-effect of fostering relations with the swiss.	this theory of origin has support from the alleged fact that the label huguenot was first applied in france to those conspirators (all of them aristocratic members of the reformed church) involved in the amboise plot of 1560: a foiled attempt to transfer power in france from the influential house of guise, a move which would have had the side-effect of fostering relations with the swiss.
it was probably a love-match.	it was quite possibly a love-match.
the campus is in close proximity, within 1.5 hours drive, to that of many other major universities — appalachian state, duke, elon, nc state, unc-chapel hill, unc-charlotte, and wake forest.	the campus is in close proximity, within 1.5 hours drive, to that of many other universities — appalachian state, duke, elon, nc state, unc-chapel hill, unc-charlotte, and wake forest.
mary howard, duchess of norfolk and 7th baroness mordaunt (c.1659–17 november 1705) was a british peeress .	mary howard, duchess of norfolk and 7th baroness mordaunt (c.1659–17 november 1705) was a british peer .
net neutrality ensures that innovators can start small and dream big about being the next internet mogul without facing insurmountable hurdles.	net neutr ensures that innovators can start small and dream big about being the next internet mogul without facing insurmountable hurdles.
heather o' rourke tragically died before the film was released.	heather o' rourke died before the film was released.
the bomb had been placed by provisional irish republican army terrorists .	the bomb had been placed by provisional irish republican army members .
"in a smugly positive review, the village voice's j. hoberman refers to the film as ""bravura moviemaking by any objective standard"" and a ""vehicle for the director's lowdown magic-realist fantasies about romany gangsters, which has a velocity that belies its jerry-built mise-en-scne"" concluding that ""black cat, white cat is determined to twist every character into an ideogram for vulgar humanity"" while wondering if ""these gypsies are a screen on which the bosnian-born director can project his own feelings of ostracism and homelessness""."	"in a generally positive review, the village voice's j. hoberman refers to the film as ""bravura moviemaking by any objective standard"" and a ""vehicle for the director's lowdown magic-realist fantasies about romany gangsters, which has a velocity that belies its jerry-built mise-en-scne"" concluding that ""black cat, white cat is determined to twist every character into an ideogram for vulgar humanity"" while wondering if ""these gypsies are a screen on which the bosnian-born director can project his own feelings of ostracism and homelessness""."
"the m designation actually stands for modified, and is derived from the use of both ""cleveland"" (block, heads) and ""windsor"" (crankshaft) components in the same engine."	"the m designation stands for modified, and is derived from the use of both ""cleveland"" (block, heads) and ""windsor"" (crankshaft) components in the same engine."
the south mountain freeway is a proposed much-needed southerly bypass of downtown phoenix which would do so by cutting through south mountain park and ahwatukee.	the south mountain freeway is a proposed southerly bypass of downtown phoenix which would do so by cutting through south mountain park and ahwatukee.
the area is mostly made up of traditional terraced housing, dating from the late 19th century and early 20th century.	the area is mostly made up of terraced housing, dating from the late 19th century and early 20th century.
"the australian property bubble is the reality the australian property market is significantly overpriced, and due for a significant downturn (also called a ""correction"" or ""collapse"")."	"the australian property bubble is the speculation that the australian property market is significantly overpriced, and due for a significant downturn (also called a ""correction"" or ""collapse"")."
heightism is a serious problem that can lead to ridicule as a child and discrimination as an adult for a person with dwarfism.	heightism is a problem that can lead to ridicule as a child and discrimination as an adult for a person with dwarfism.
"however, various unreliable sources, among them united press international , le canard enchan and l'humanit have highlighted that hamas' early growth - before its official founding and the creation of the military branch - had been supported by the mossad as a ""counterbalance to the palestine liberation organization (plo)""."	"however, various sources, among them united press international , le canard enchan and l'humanit have highlighted that hamas' early growth - before its official founding and the creation of the military branch - had been supported by the mossad as a ""counterbalance to the palestine liberation organization (plo)""."
westboro baptist church (wbc) is a u.s. hate group headed by fred phelps and based in topeka, kansas.	westboro baptist church (wbc) is a u.s. church group headed by fred phelps and based in topeka, kansas.
graves dismissed the reactions of classical scholars, claiming that by definition they lacked the poetic capacity to forensically examine mythology.	graves dismissed the reactions of classical scholars, arguing that by definition they lacked the poetic capacity to forensically examine mythology.
it caters to the livelihood issues in tin shui wai.	it claims to cater to the livelihood issues in tin shui wai.
the subject of repentance is one which concerns all people who believe in god , and is central to islamic belief as well.	the subject of repentance is one which concerns all people who believe in allah , and is central to islamic belief as well.
this surname is most common in county derry in northern ireland.	this surname is most common in county londonderry in northern ireland.
freecreditreport.com is a deceptive website owned by experian consumer direct, a subsidiary of the credit bureau experian.	freecreditreport.com is a website owned by experian consumer direct, a subsidiary of the credit bureau experian.
"unnecessary duplication of the personal pronouns ""me"", ""te"", ""se"", ""lo"", ""la"" and ""le"" before and after the verb is quite common."	"duplication of the personal pronouns ""me"", ""te"", ""se"", ""lo"", ""la"" and ""le"" before and after the verb is quite common."
in 2003 there was a match between the pm's xi and an atsic chairman 's xi held at adelaide oval	in 2003 there was a match between the pm's xi and an atsic chairperson 's xi held at adelaide oval
the resentment northern virginia students felt towards the governments desegregation effort known as busing caused this fascist material to resonate among certain members of the white population.	the resentment northern virginia students felt towards the governments desegregation effort known as busing caused this nazi material to resonate among certain members of the white population.
the tsar bomba is the single most physically powerful device ever deployed by mankind .	the tsar bomba is the single most physically powerful device ever deployed by humankind .
"and the ""wide spectrum"" of anime offerings available in america, from family-friendly material like my neighbor totoro to the sexually explicit hentai genre, as ptc columnist rod gustafson claims that it contributes to the increasingly immoral media targeting american youth."	"and the ""wide spectrum"" of anime offerings available in america, from family-friendly material like my neighbor totoro to the sexually explicit hentai genre, as ptc columnist rod gustafson claims that it contributes to what he perceives as increasingly immoral media targeting american youth."
erkin koray is the first full-length album by turkish rock star erkin koray.	erkin koray is the first full-length album by turkish rock musician erkin koray.
"their debut recordings were ""djoba djoba"" and ""bamboleo"", which were enormously popular in france despite harsh criticism from flamenco purists."	"their debut recordings were ""djoba djoba"" and ""bamboleo"", which were popular in france despite harsh criticism from flamenco purists."
barone is the son of a prominent surgeon, charles.	barone is the son of a surgeon, charles.
sayyed hassan nasrallah (b. august 30 1960, bourj hammoud, beirut, lebanon) is the current secretary general of the terrorist lebanese islamist party hezbollah.	sayyed hassan nasrallah (b. august 30 1960, bourj hammoud, beirut, lebanon) is the current secretary general of the lebanese islamist party hezbollah.
cybelle, a black american female with an acid touch.	cybelle, a african american female with an acid touch.
"samuel lister christened it ""lister's pride."""	"samuel lister called it ""lister's pride."""
notable in gaddafi's politics has been his support for self-styled liberation movements, and also his sponsorship of rebel movements in west africa, notably sierra leone and liberia, as well as muslim groups.	notable in gaddafi's politics has been his support for liberation movements, and also his sponsorship of rebel movements in west africa, notably sierra leone and liberia, as well as muslim groups.
"jorge mas canosa, head of the powerful cuban american national foundation, condemned the attack: ""for two warplanes from the castro government to shoot down two unarmed civilian planes with american flags on a humanitarian mission should be considered an act of war against the us""."	"jorge mas canosa, head of the cuban american national foundation, condemned the attack: ""for two warplanes from the castro government to shoot down two unarmed civilian planes with american flags on a humanitarian mission should be considered an act of war against the us""."
the music video features two crudely computer-animated delivery workers, one tall and skinny, and one a short and stout with a beard and a cigar.	the music video features two computer-animated delivery workers, one tall and skinny, and one a short and stout with a beard and a cigar.
, more commonly known as mas oyama, was a karate master who founded kyokushinkai karate, arguably the first and most influential style of full contact karate.	, more commonly known as mas oyama, was a karate master who founded kyokushinkai karate, considered the first and most influential style of full contact karate.
the stations list is the list of the locations visited by the israelites following their exodus from egypt found in the bible.	the stations list is the list of the locations visited by the israelites following their exodus from egypt as described in the bible.
the tragedy aroused widespread horror and grief, and the president was honoured with an elaborate funeral ceremony in the pantheon, paris.	the stabbing aroused widespread horror and grief, and the president was honoured with an elaborate funeral ceremony in the pantheon, paris.
"the term cafeteria catholic (also la carte catholic or cino = ""catholic in name only"") is a pejorative or an insulting characterization and is used to describe people who dissent from certain teachings of the roman catholic church while maintaining an outward identity as catholics."	"the term cafeteria catholic (also la carte catholic or cino = ""catholic in name only"") is a pejorative or an insulting characterization and is used to describe people who dissent from certain teachings of the roman catholic church while maintaining an identity as catholics."
in bahrain's production of cats mungojerrie is wonderfully portrayed by deema turkomani.	in bahrain's production of cats mungojerrie is portrayed by deema turkomani.
in rotary parlors, the cows are loaded one at a time onto the platform as it slowly rotates.	in rotary parlors, the cows are loaded one at a time onto the platform as it rotates.
the essjay controversy arose in february 2007 after the new yorker magazine noted that prominent english wikipedia editor and administrator essjay, later self-identified as ryan jordan, was found to have lied on his wikipedia user page	the essjay controversy arose in february 2007 after the new yorker magazine noted that prominent english wikipedia editor and administrator essjay, later self-identified as ryan jordan, was found to have made false claims on his wikipedia user page
14 january: the idf assassinated raed al-karmi, head of al-aqsa martyrs' brigades in tulkarem.	14 january: the idf killed raed al-karmi, head of al-aqsa martyrs' brigades in tulkarem.
two incorrect fourth quarter umpiring decisions against sydney hurt their cause.	two controversial fourth quarter umpiring decisions against sydney hurt their cause.
"the unrest started late that night after the ""sea & desert"" dakhla music festival concerts when, according to polisario sources, hundreds of moroccan youths armed with sticks, swords, and molotov cocktails attacked and looted sahrawi houses, burning their cars ."	"the unrest started late that night after the ""sea & desert"" dakhla music festival concerts when, according to sahrawi sources, hundreds of moroccan youths armed with sticks, swords, and molotov cocktails attacked and looted sahrawi houses, burning their cars ."
on the show, macfarlane amazingly provides the voices of peter, brian, stewie, and glen quagmire.	on the show, macfarlane provides the voices of peter, brian, stewie, and glen quagmire.
the film was criticized by some for its heavy-handed approach.	the film was criticized by some for having a heavy-handed approach.
spike realizes the truth--that the others kicked buffy out--and, rightfully angry over the gang's betrayal of buffy, he snaps at them, accusing them of being ungrateful and unable to handle the truth about her.	spike realizes the truth--that the others kicked buffy out--and, angry over the gang's betrayal of buffy, he snaps at them, accusing them of being ungrateful and unable to handle the truth about her.
by 1920, of standard-gauge railroad track had been laid in the united states, all of it owned or controlled by only seven organizations.	by 1920, of standard-gauge railroad track had been laid in the united states, all of it owned or controlled by seven organizations.
on 21 september 2015 the first day of trading after the epa's notice of violation to volkswagen became public, share prices of volkswagen ag plunged 20% on the frankfurt stock exchange.	on 21 september 2015 the first day of trading after the epa's notice of violation to volkswagen became public, share prices of volkswagen ag fell 20% on the frankfurt stock exchange.
naomi, meanwhile, has decided to make her dreams of being a stand-up comedienne a reality, and has managed to get a slot on an open-night gig at one of her favourite comedy bars, which effy attends.	naomi, meanwhile, has decided to make her dreams of being a stand-up comedian a reality, and has managed to get a slot on an open-night gig at one of her favourite comedy bars, which effy attends.
cadet college razmak is a military high school, located in the beautiful valley of razmak, in north waziristan, federally administered tribal areas (fata), pakistan.	cadet college razmak is a military high school, located in the valley of razmak, in north waziristan, federally administered tribal areas (fata), pakistan.
"it is an early crude adaptation of the novel a clockwork orange by anthony burgess, starring gerard malanga, edie sedgwick, ondine, and tosh carillo, and featuring such songs as ""nowhere to run"" by martha and the vandellas, ""tired of waiting for you"" by the kinks, ""the last time"" by the rolling stones and ""shout"" by the isley brothers."	"it is an early adaptation of the novel a clockwork orange by anthony burgess, starring gerard malanga, edie sedgwick, ondine, and tosh carillo, and featuring such songs as ""nowhere to run"" by martha and the vandellas, ""tired of waiting for you"" by the kinks, ""the last time"" by the rolling stones and ""shout"" by the isley brothers."
the series is a behind-the-scenes look at a fictional television drama, revealing fascinating details about what normally goes on behind a tv drama production.	the series is a behind-the-scenes look at a fictional television drama, revealing details about what normally goes on behind a tv drama production.
fortunately , the lsb test coverage has been improved significantly for the recent years.	however , the lsb test coverage has been improved significantly for the recent years.
transmitted live on the evening of 14 july, the primitive state of television technology at the time allowed for only tiny 30-line pictures with one actor visible at a time, but the experiment was nonetheless judged to have been a success, and was even watched by the then prime minister, ramsay macdonald.	transmitted live on the evening of 14 july, the primitive state of television technology at the time allowed for only tiny 30-line pictures with one actor visible at a time, but the experiment was nonetheless judged to have been a success, and was watched by the then prime minister, ramsay macdonald.
"it follows his influential piece ""the cathedral and the bazaar"" (1997)."	"it follows his previous piece ""the cathedral and the bazaar"" (1997)."
it is very popular among tourists due to its pleasant weather, fascinating landscape and natural beauty.	it is very popular among tourists due to its pleasant weather, scenic landscape and natural beauty.
"aryeh neier, a founder of human rights watch says that it ""is wrong to suggest that open societies should be spared criticism for human rights abuses"" neier says the difference between ""wrongs committed in self-defense and those committed intentionally"" is not made by the laws of war."	"aryeh neier, a founder of human rights watch says that it ""is wrong to suggest that open societies should be spared criticism for human rights abuses"" neier also states that robert l. bernstein's contention that the difference between ""wrongs committed in self-defense and those committed intentionally"" is not made by the laws of war."
masses (2001), the first of several albums for the adventurous cross-genre blue series of thirsty ear, was an even more radical departure.	masses (2001), the first of several albums for the cross-genre blue series of thirsty ear, was an even more radical departure.
"this revolution his single ""industrial revolution"" released in conjunction with uncle howie records hit #1 on cmj and #50 on the billboard charts."	"this revolution immortal technique's single ""industrial revolution"" released in conjunction with uncle howie records hit #1 on cmj and #50 on the billboard charts."
moreover, despite the catholic right of conscience, church leaders including official vatican representatives have attempted to intervene in these matters by what many consider heavy-handed means, such as stating that the sacrament of holy communion should not be given to politicians who are pro- abortion .	moreover, despite the catholic right of conscience, church leaders including official vatican representatives have attempted to intervene in these matters by what many consider heavy-handed means, such as stating that the sacrament of holy communion should not be given to politicians who are pro- choice .
the stadium holds 24,000 spectators and was built in 1953. the stadium was called the dreisamstadion until june 2004. following that it was christened the badenova-stadion, the mage solar stadion, and for a short time the stadion an der schwarzwaldstrae.	the stadium holds 24,000 spectators and was built in 1953. the stadium was called the dreisamstadion until june 2004. following that it was named the badenova-stadion, the mage solar stadion, and for a short time the stadion an der schwarzwaldstrae.
family members say mark clark enjoyed reading and art and was very good at drawing portraits.	family members say mark clark enjoyed reading and art and was good at drawing portraits.
this is widespread among official and professional bodies in much of the world.	those responsible for road safety - it is widespread among official and professional bodies in much of the world.
the group has also had repeated scandals involving voter registration fraud among some of its employees.	the group has also had scandals involving voter registration fraud among some of its employees.
this has lead some opponents of abortion rights , such as senator orrin hatch, to support human embryonic stem cell research.	this has lead some opponents of abortion, such as senator orrin hatch, to support human embryonic stem cell research.
this led to development of the failed apple lisa in 1983, followed by the successful macintosh in 1984. in addition to being the first mass-produced computer with a gui, the macintosh instigated the sudden rise of the desktop publishing industry in 1985 with the addition of the apple laserwriter, the first laser printer to feature vector graphics.	this led to development of the unsuccessful apple lisa in 1983, followed by the successful macintosh in 1984. in addition to being the first mass-produced computer with a gui, the macintosh instigated the sudden rise of the desktop publishing industry in 1985 with the addition of the apple laserwriter, the first laser printer to feature vector graphics.
the european communities (sometimes inaccurately referred to as the european community or ec) were three international organisations that were governed by the same set of institutions.	the european communities (sometimes referred to as the european community or ec) were three international organisations that were governed by the same set of institutions.
sadly tashi's uncle and climbing partner, lobsang tshering, fell to his death on the descent from the summit.	tashi's uncle and climbing partner, lobsang tshering, fell to his death on the descent from the summit.
sadly it has 55 councillors in local government, but lacks representation in the national parliament.	it has 55 councillors in local government, but lacks representation in the national parliament.
the videosingles is a home video music compilation by the british pop group tears for fears.	the videosingles is a home video music compilation by the british group tears for fears.
"however birmingham, a city of over 1,000,000 people in the uk, has an identifying muslim population of only 22%, with a christian population of 46%, and 25% claiming no religion or not giving a religion, based on official uk census figures from 2011. in the same interview, emerson claimed that, in london, ""muslim religious police"" beat ""anyone who doesn't dress according to muslim, religious muslim attire""."	"however birmingham, a city of over 1,000,000 people in the uk, has an identifying muslim population of 22%, with a christian population of 46%, and 25% claiming no religion or not giving a religion, based on official uk census figures from 2011. in the same interview, emerson claimed that, in london, ""muslim religious police"" beat ""anyone who doesn't dress according to muslim, religious muslim attire""."
good players will attempt to cause a coin to knock onto one or more previously pushed ha'pennies in an effort to improve their position as well as trying to make a score with the ha'penny being played.	players will attempt to cause a coin to knock onto one or more previously pushed ha'pennies in an effort to improve their position as well as trying to make a score with the ha'penny being played.
"on october 5, a day after the ""weekend passes"" ad was taken off the airwaves, and also the date of the infamous bentsen-quayle debate, the bush campaign ran its own ad, ""revolving door,"" which also attacked dukakis over the weekend furlough program."	"on october 5, a day after the ""weekend passes"" ad was taken off the airwaves, and also the date of the bentsen-quayle debate, the bush campaign ran its own ad, ""revolving door,"" which also attacked dukakis over the weekend furlough program."
there are 4,300 inhabitants, and the village is famous for its beer brewery called 'bavaria'.	there are 4,300 inhabitants, and the village is known for its beer brewery called 'bavaria'.
other questions include whether intelligence can be accurately described by a single number, and whether the nature of intelligence is the same across cultures.	important related questions include whether intelligence can be accurately described by a single number, and whether the nature of intelligence is the same across cultures.
lajm (news) independent owned by the kosovar albanian businessman behgjet pacolli.	lajm (news) independent owned by the kosovo albanian businessman behgjet pacolli.
jean rigaud died in 1999 in paris, and immediately after his passing , the musee de la marines mounted a one-man retrospective of his work, which was met with great critical acclaim.	jean rigaud died in 1999 in paris, and immediately after his death , the musee de la marines mounted a one-man retrospective of his work, which was met with great critical acclaim.
after bernie williams struck out, tino martinez hit a miraculous two-run homerun on the first pitch he saw from kim over the right-center field wall, tying the game 3-3. brenly stuck with his closer as the game headed into extra innings.	after bernie williams struck out, tino martinez hit a two-run homerun on the first pitch he saw from kim over the right-center field wall, tying the game 3-3. brenly stuck with his closer as the game headed into extra innings.
thus these two disorder s were described and are today listed in the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders dsm-iv-tr (fourth edition, text revision 1) as two of the five pervasive developmental disorders (pdd), more often referred to today as autism spectrum disorders (asd).	thus these two conditions s were described and are today listed in the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders dsm-iv-tr (fourth edition, text revision 1) as two of the five pervasive developmental disorders (pdd), more often referred to today as autism spectrum disorders (asd).
gring was a relative of numerous descendants of the eberle/eberlin in switzerland and germany, among them german counts zeppelin, including aviation pioneer ferdinand von zeppelin; german nationalistic art historian hermann grimm (author of concept of the german hero as a mover of history that was embraced by the nazis); the great swiss historian of art and cultural, political and social thinker jacob burckhardt; swiss diplomat, historian and president of international red cross carl j. burckhardt; the merck family, the owners of the german pharmaceutical giant merck; major german catholic writer and poet gertrud von le fort.	gring was a relative of numerous descendants of the eberle/eberlin in switzerland and germany, among them german counts zeppelin, including aviation pioneer ferdinand von zeppelin; german nationalistic art historian hermann grimm (author of concept of the german hero as a mover of history that was embraced by the nazis); the swiss historian of art and cultural, political and social thinker jacob burckhardt; swiss diplomat, historian and president of international red cross carl j. burckhardt; the merck family, the owners of the german pharmaceutical giant merck; major german catholic writer and poet gertrud von le fort.
unlike other papal pretenders , david bawden's election did not involve any previously ordained clergy from the catholic church.	unlike other papal claimants , david bawden's election did not involve any previously ordained clergy from the catholic church.
the chicago beach hotel was a huge luxury resort hotel located at 1660 east hyde park boulevard in the indian village neighborhood of the kenwood community area of chicago, illinois.	the chicago beach hotel was a luxury resort hotel located at 1660 east hyde park boulevard in the indian village neighborhood of the kenwood community area of chicago, illinois.
(principal source: oxford english dictionary) the principle and working of rheometers is described in several excellent texts.	(principal source: oxford english dictionary) the principle and working of rheometers is described in several texts.
he is a member of the republican party, and is considered to be one of the more liberal republicans in the senate.	he is a member of the republican party, and is considered to be one of the more moderate republicans in the senate.
here he met ren goscinny, a french writer of comics (later of asterix fame) who wrote many of the best lucky luke stories until his death in 1977.	here he met ren goscinny, a french writer of comics (later of asterix fame) who wrote many of the most critically acclaimed lucky luke stories until his death in 1977.
moving forward, fnbox will leverage traffic and regional e-commerce know-how to attract latin america's 355 million mobile phone users, 115 million registered social network users, and $30 billion of expected online shopping for 2013.	moving forward, fnbox expects to leverage traffic and regional e-commerce know-how to attract latin america's 355 million mobile phone users, 115 million registered social network users, and $30 billion of expected online shopping for 2013.
the question of jewish immigration to turkey came to the front in 1882, when the good offices of the united states were invoked in obtaining permission for russian jews to settle in turkey.	the question of jewish immigration to turkey came to the front in 1882, when the offices of the united states were invoked in obtaining permission for russian jews to settle in turkey.
charles raymond bouley, jr. (on-the-air as karel) is a weekend talk show host (and popular sub host) for kgo in san francisco.	charles raymond bouley, jr. (on-the-air as karel) is a weekend talk show host (and sub host) for kgo in san francisco.
faith in christianity is a central notion taught by jesus himself in reference to the gospel (good news).	faith in christianity is a central idea taught by jesus himself in reference to the gospel (good news).
the massacre shocked the public and many became worried it might push away foreign investors from coming to the country.	the attack shocked the public and many became worried it might push away foreign investors from coming to the country.
"despite the challenges of sur-internet mp3s and pirate copies being produced, he launched his 10th album called ""on"" (""10"") from seyhan music in 2006. he worked with skender payda and many others on the album."	"despite the challenges of sur-internet mp3s and unauthorized copies being produced, he launched his 10th album called ""on"" (""10"") from seyhan music in 2006. he worked with skender payda and many others on the album."
dash is co-founder and ceo of thinkup, an app that offers users insights on their social network profiles.	dash is co-founder and ceo of thinkup, an app that offers users advice on their social network profiles.
notable freikorps units	freikorps units
cardew died on 13 december 1981, the victim of a mysterious hit-and-run car accident near his london home in leytonstone.	cardew died on 13 december 1981, the victim of a hit-and-run car accident near his london home in leytonstone.
he starred in the 1996 suspenseful family movie clubhouse detectives about some children who set out to solve a neighborhood murder.	he starred in the 1996 family movie clubhouse detectives about some children who set out to solve a neighborhood murder.
total depravity (also called total inability and total corruption) is a theological doctrine that derives from the augustinian doctrine of original sin and is advocated in many protestant confessions of faith and catechisms, including those of lutheranism,1 anglicanism and methodism,2 arminianism, and especially calvinism.3 the doctrine interprets the bible as teaching that, as a consequence of the fall of man, every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and, apart from the grace of god, is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered.	total depravity (also called total inability and total corruption) is a theological doctrine that derives from the augustinian doctrine of original sin and is advocated in many protestant confessions of faith and catechisms, including those of lutheranism,1 anglicanism and methodism,2 arminianism, and calvinism.3 the doctrine interprets the bible as teaching that, as a consequence of the fall of man, every person born into the world is enslaved to the service of sin and, apart from the grace of god, is utterly unable to choose to follow god or choose to accept salvation as it is freely offered.
his opponents see him as foolish, untrustworthy, ideologically inflexible, and dangerous .	his opponents see him as foolish, untrustworthy, ideologically inflexible, and putting the safety of the islanders at risk .
"because of his mob status as a ""stool pigeon"" and the circumstances surrounding his death, reles gained another moniker after his passing ."	"because of his mob status as a ""stool pigeon"" and the circumstances surrounding his death, reles gained another moniker after his death ."
critics complain that throughout the 20th century the church denied scholars access to many key church documents, and claim that to this day it refuses to publish joseph smith's diary.	critics claim that throughout the 20th century the church denied scholars access to many key church documents, and claim that to this day it refuses to publish joseph smith's diary.
these are pathetic reminiscences of a childhood spent in the russian patriarchal family rather than a full-scale work of fiction.	these are reminiscences of a childhood spent in the russian patriarchal family rather than a full-scale work of fiction.
however, the driver, harlan head and his wife marilyn head of berkeley, ca, and two hostile witnesses, one of whom had been traveling in a caravan with the head's, allegedly told police that the bikers 'threw' their bicycles under the vehicle.	however, the driver, harlan head and his wife marilyn head of berkeley, ca, and two witnesses, one of whom had been traveling in a caravan with the head's, allegedly told police that the bikers 'threw' their bicycles under the vehicle.
thomas stated on one occasion that for a period of time he was influenced by objectivism, the philosophy of ayn rand.	thomas stated on one occasion that for a period of time he was influenced by objectivism, the ideology of ayn rand.
england's impressive bowling restricted the australian score to 261-9. darren gough claimed three late wickets among five falling for 30 runs.	england's bowling restricted the australian score to 261-9. darren gough claimed three late wickets among five falling for 30 runs.
he is the main host and co-founder of the liberal talk radio show the young turks.	he is the main host and co-founder of the talk radio show the young turks.
"the anglo-irish scientist robert boyle is considered the ""father of chemistry""."	"the scientist robert boyle is considered the ""father of chemistry""."
in the mtn supersport league, the best teams are katlehong city and alexander united, who play at alexander and reiger park stadiums.	in the mtn supersport league, the teams are katlehong city and alexander united, who play at alexander and reiger park stadiums.
in august, 2009, roseanne offensively dressed as hitler for heeb magazine and baked jew cookies, all at her own request.	in august, 2009, roseanne dressed as hitler for heeb magazine and baked jew cookies, all at her own request.
disturbing rumors about wallace were found by pulitzer prize winning reporter ray prigle, who worked for the pittsburgh post-gazette.	rumors about wallace were found by pulitzer prize winning reporter ray prigle, who worked for the pittsburgh post-gazette .
"in some parts of the indian state of tamil nadu, fresh whole ripe fruit is crushed with the above ingredients and dried under the sun to make delicious cakes called ilanthai vadai or ""regi vadiyalu"" (telugu)."	"in some parts of the indian state of tamil nadu, fresh whole ripe fruit is crushed with the above ingredients and dried under the sun to make cakes called ilanthai vadai or ""regi vadiyalu"" (telugu)."
nigaar khan finally married with her long-time boyfriend and pakistani business man khayyam sheikh in dubai on 23 july 2015, who is an american citizen.	nigaar khan married with her long-time boyfriend and pakistani business man khayyam sheikh in dubai on 23 july 2015, who is an american citizen.
quentin tarantino saw logo at a film festival and liked it so much that he bought the u.s. distribution rights under his rolling thunder vanity label and even toyed with casting dillon in jackie brown.	quentin tarantino saw logo at a film festival and liked it so much that he bought the u.s. distribution rights under his rolling thunder label and even toyed with casting dillon in jackie brown.
some beautiful beaches on the north-west side of the island are jobos beach, maria's beach, domes beach and sandy beach.	some popular beaches on the north-west side of the island are jobos beach, maria's beach, domes beach and sandy beach.
french is the third most spoken language at 0.7%, followed by mandarin at 0.5% and german at 0.5%.	french is the third most spoken language at 0.7%, followed by chinese at 0.5% and german at 0.5%.
scenes unfortunately omitted in north american dvd release	scenes omitted in north american dvd release
other public houses in the area are: the goldsmith arms, bridge house tavern , queen adelaide arms, the alexandra, graces(formerly dr w g grace), hollywood east (formerly the park tavern), kent house tavern, robin hood,(now sadly closed) royal oak and the thicket tavern.	other public houses in the area are: the goldsmith arms, bridge house tavern, queen adelaide arms, the alexandra, graces(formerly dr w g grace), hollywood east (formerly the park tavern), kent house tavern, robin hood,(now closed) royal oak and the thicket tavern.
it was the first american war that u.s. prisoners of war were viewed by an enemy as more than soldiers from the other side temporarily restrained from conducting war and whose pathological desire to control the minds of u.s. prisoners extended the war into the pow camps.	it was the first american war that u.s. prisoners of war were viewed by an enemy as more than soldiers from the other side temporarily restrained from conducting war and whose desire to control the minds of u.s. prisoners extended the war into the pow camps.
mielec was liberated by the soviet army on 6 august 1944. at first, the factory was governed by the soviets as a repair works.	mielec was seized by the soviet army on 6 august 1944. at first, the factory was governed by the soviets as a repair works.
the artifacts left behind by an ancient and mysterious race known as the forerunner play a central role, particularly the massive weapons, dubbed halos, built to contain the terrifying parasitic flood.	the artifacts left behind by an ancient and mysterious race known as the forerunner play a central role, particularly the massive weapons, dubbed halos, built to contain the parasitic flood.
since its foundation, servo robot has been a key player in the technological progress of intelligent sensing systems.	since its foundation, servo robot has been a player in the technological progress of intelligent sensing systems.
the analysis was critiqued by social anthropologist benny peiser, who claimed to find severe methodological errors in her analysis.	the analysis was critiqued by social anthropologist benny peiser, who claimed to find methodological errors in her analysis.
"the museum's ""rolling room"" offers a glimpse into the development of manufacturing techniques, with its fascinating collection of rollers."	"the museum's ""rolling room"" offers a glimpse into the development of manufacturing techniques, with its collection of rollers."
following the successful supreme court ruling in rasul v. bush (2004) which ruled that detainees had the right of habeas corpus to challenge their detentions, khadr's maternal grandmother fatmah el-samnah, acting as next friend, filed a civil suit against the united states on khadr's behalf on july 2, 2004, to challenge his detention.	following the supreme court ruling in rasul v. bush (2004) which ruled that detainees had the right of habeas corpus to challenge their detentions, khadr's maternal grandmother fatmah el-samnah, acting as next friend, filed a civil suit against the united states on khadr's behalf on july 2, 2004, to challenge his detention.
perhaps best known as the gold-digging mabel in gold diggers of broadway (1929), lightner was often typecast as a wise-cracking gold-digger and was known for her talents as a comedienne and singer.	perhaps best known as the gold-digging mabel in gold diggers of broadway (1929), lightner was often typecast as a wise-cracking gold-digger and was known for her talents as a comedian and singer.
the motivations for nations starting, entering, or ending wars are often suspect .	the motivations for nations starting, entering, or ending wars are often times brought into question by conspiracy theorists .
the union of concerned scientists (ucs) is a liberal organization based in cambridge, massachusetts, united states.	the union of concerned scientists (ucs) is a nonprofit advocacy organization based in cambridge, massachusetts, united states.
two of the most famous people to use nonviolent mass action were mahatma gandhi and martin luther king, jr.	two of the most famous people to use nonviolent mass action were mohandas gandhi and martin luther king, jr.
lauren ambrose (born february 20, 1978) is an american film and television actress, best known for portraying the character claire fisher on the popular hbo drama six feet under.	lauren ambrose (born february 20, 1978) is an american film and television actress, best known for portraying the character claire fisher on the hbo drama six feet under.
the main emphasis was on various, fortunately very durable, forms of sculpture in stone and clay; little painting has survived, but what has suggests that painting was mainly used for geometrical and plant-based decorative schemes, though most sculptures were also painted.	the main emphasis was on various, very durable, forms of sculpture in stone and clay; little painting has survived, but what has suggests that painting was mainly used for geometrical and plant-based decorative schemes, though most sculptures were also painted.
in 1665, william drummond, a future governor of north carolina, discovered the lake which now bears his name.	in 1665, william drummond, a future governor of north carolina, was the first european to explore the lake which now bears his name.
"his last recorded work appeared on kate bush's long-awaited album ""aerial"" in november 2005."	"his last recorded work appeared on kate bush's album ""aerial"" in november 2005."
within minutes of the official announcement, celebratory crowds gathered spontaneously outside the white house, where thousands assembled, ground zero, the pentagon and in new york's times square to celebrate.	within minutes of the official announcement, patriotic crowds gathered spontaneously outside the white house, where thousands assembled, ground zero, the pentagon and in new york's times square to celebrate.
a un referendum on settling the cyprus dispute was rejected by the greek cypriots and accepted by the turkish cypriots in 2004. since then, the european union has declared its intentions to assist in reducing the economic isolation of northern cyprus and began giving aid to the country .	a un referendum on settling the cyprus dispute was rejected by the greek cypriots and accepted by the turkish cypriots in 2004. since then, the european union has declared its intentions to assist in reducing the economic isolation of northern cyprus and began giving aid to the territory .
"like the novatianist schism of the previous century, the donatists were rigorists, holding that the church must be a church of ""saints,"" not ""sinners,"" and that sacraments, such as baptism, administered by traditores were invalid."	"like the novatianist movement of the previous century, the donatists were rigorists, holding that the church must be a church of ""saints,"" not ""sinners,"" and that sacraments, such as baptism, administered by traditores were invalid."
a man being attacked by an iron bar while in his car, gun shots being fired at parked cars at christian church services and a church hall in auburn in the cities west was torched .	a man being attacked by an iron bar while in his car, gun shots being fired at parked cars at christian church services and a church hall in auburn in the cities west was burned down .
the popular press has referred to her as a modern-day shaman a mother teresa for the 90s and hollywoods answer to god, and failed to accredit her for working with dying aids and cancer patients and the homeless on l.a.'s streets.	the press has referred to her as a modern-day shaman a mother teresa for the 90s and hollywoods answer to god, and failed to accredit her for working with dying aids and cancer patients and the homeless on l.a.'s streets.
because of the eugenic policies of the nazis in germany's recent history, such discussions carry a sinister load.	because of the eugenic policies of the nazis in germany's recent history, such discussions are seen in germany as carrying a sinister load.
as well, the ship's captain was medically evacuated; the executive officer assumed command as the destroyer limped back to port under her own power, with the assistance of the japan coast guard.	as well, the ship's captain was medically evacuated; the executive officer assumed command as the destroyer returned back to port under her own power, with the assistance of the japan coast guard.
the series debuted on lifetime on february 5, 1990, ran until august 31, 1990, and was hosted by comedienne louise duart, with burton richardson as announcer.	the series debuted on lifetime on february 5, 1990, ran until august 31, 1990, and was hosted by comedian louise duart, with burton richardson as announcer.
some conservatives in texas are quick to point out that all of the governors the school has produced have been democrats, with particular animosity toward ann richards because of her pro- abortion stance.	some conservatives in texas are quick to point out that all of the governors the school has produced have been democrats, with particular animosity toward ann richards because of her pro- choice stance.
he later became known for his work as an abc news correspondent, and in particular for his stories on the american hostage crisis in iran, the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie, and his dubious claims as to cause of the explosion of twa flight 800.	he later became known for his work as an abc news correspondent, and in particular for his stories on the american hostage crisis in iran, the bombing of pan am flight 103 over lockerbie, and his claims as to cause of the explosion of twa flight 800.
he had less regard for sound quality and would play with a manic energy, mixing everything from classic philadelphia disco classics, italo disco imports to new wave, mutant disco and rock tracks.	he had less regard for sound quality and would play with a manic energy, mixing everything from classic philadelphia disco classics, italo disco imports to new wave, disco and rock tracks.
although bush later became a leader of the republican party's moderate wing, at the time he was an ultra-right-wing goldwater republican.	although bush later became a leader of the republican party's moderate wing, at the time he was an conservative goldwater republican .
during the communist era of josip broz tito, punik was one of the most outspoken slovenian critics of dictatorship and lack of civil liberties in yugoslavia.	during the communist rule of josip broz tito, punik was one of the most outspoken slovenian critics of dictatorship and lack of civil liberties in yugoslavia.
fatma n'soumer, a woman chief of the rahmaniya tariqa, led the jihad against french colonization	fatma n'soumer, a woman chief of the rahmaniya tariqa, led the resistance against french colonization
rediff gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5, praising the script and the technical brilliance of the film.	rediff gave the film 3.5 stars out of 5, praising the script and the technical aspects of the film.
salafis view the salaf as an eternal model for all succeeding muslim generations in their beliefs, exegesis, method of worship, mannerisms, morality, piety and conduct: the islam they practised was pure, unadulterated and, therefore, the ultimate authority for the interpretation of the sunnah.	salafis view the salaf as an eternal model for all succeeding muslim generations in their beliefs, exegesis, method of worship, mannerisms, morality, piety and conduct: the islam they practised is seen pure, unadulterated and, therefore, the ultimate authority for the interpretation of the sunnah.
myanmar and the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia established relations on december 19, 1950, and the first ambassadors were appointed in 1952. serbia as the successor state to yugoslavia, maintains friendly relations with myanmar today, and both nations have resident ambassadors in each other's capitals.	myanmar and the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia established relations on december 19, 1950, and the first ambassadors were appointed in 1952. serbia as the successor state to yugoslavia, maintains relations with myanmar today, and both nations have resident ambassadors in each other's capitals.
labor in the past was even more hawkish on security and defense issues than it is today.	labor in the past was more hawkish on security and defense issues than it is today.
alfred lettieri (february 24, 1928–october 18, 1975) was an american actor, best known for his portrayal of virgil sollozzo in the godfather.	alfred lettieri (february 24, 1928–october 18, 1975) was an american actor, known for his portrayal of virgil sollozzo in the godfather.
the bear was poached by a savage american hunter.	the bear was poached by a native american hunter.
while its influence can be wildly overstated, especially in the southern outer hebrides, (it was based in stornoway, lewis), it was at least partly responsible for opening up the hebrides to new ways of working.	while its influence can be overstated, especially in the southern outer hebrides, (it was based in stornoway, lewis), it was at least partly responsible for opening up the hebrides to new ways of working.
the map's accuracy is outstanding compared with other maps in the same era, its contents are overwhelmingly close to the real world.	the map's accuracy is greater compared with other maps in the same era, its contents are overwhelmingly close to the real world.
in 1980, iraq's new military president , saddam hussein, brought back the national assembly.	in 1980, iraq's new military dictator , saddam hussein, brought back the national assembly.
"the british journalist johann hari has inexplicably argued in le monde that william does not want to be king on the basis of the following incident: ""nicholas davies, the royal expert, has revealed that during one holiday in his mid-teens, william was tobogganing down a steep hill in the dark."	"the british journalist johann hari has argued in le monde that william does not want to be king on the basis of the following incident: ""nicholas davies, the royal expert, has revealed that during one holiday in his mid-teens, william was tobogganing down a steep hill in the dark."
they or their representatives have been accused of heresy, racism, child neglect, doctrinal inconsistency and reversals, sedition, double standards, hypocrisy, deliberately mistranslation of the bible, anti-semitism, self-aggrandising, intolerant religious views, failure to support their own members, making false predictions, poor treatment of former members, having a high rate of mentally ill devotees, brainwashing, interference in family affairs, failure to report cases of sexual abuse to the authorities, and insistence on an unduly restrictive lifestyle.	they or their representatives have been accused of heresy, racism, child neglect, doctrinal inconsistency and reversals, sedition, double standards, hypocrisy, mistranslation of the bible, anti-semitism, self-aggrandising, intolerant religious views, failure to support their own members, making false predictions, poor treatment of former members, having a high rate of mentally ill devotees, brainwashing, interference in family affairs, failure to report cases of sexual abuse to the authorities, and insistence on an unduly restrictive lifestyle.
friends is the first track on the 1992 album the extremist by american virtuoso guitarist joe satriani.	friends is the first track on the 1992 album the extremist by american guitarist joe satriani.
these artifacts were photographed at the crime lab and then were properly destroyed.	these artifacts were photographed at the crime lab and then were destroyed.
marianne andre majerus (born september 5, 1956, in clervaux, luxembourg) is a world-renowned garden photographer based in london.	marianne andre majerus (born september 5, 1956, in clervaux, luxembourg) is a garden photographer based in london.
at the national book awards ceremony in november 2014 handler made what some incorrectly consider to be racist comments after author jacqueline woodson was presented with an award for young people's literature.	at the national book awards ceremony in november 2014 handler made what some consider to be racist comments after author jacqueline woodson was presented with an award for young people's literature.
the growth and development of kingston polytechnic and its transformation into kingston university has made kingston a significant university town.	the growth and development of kingston polytechnic and its transformation into kingston university has made kingston a university town.
evan williams, an american brand of tasty bourbon whiskey.	evan williams, an american brand of bourbon whiskey.
"the year 2000 saw schama finally return to the uk, having been commissioned by the bbc to produce a series of television documentary programmes on british history as part of their millennium celebrations, under the title a history of britain (schama was insistent on the title beginning with ""a"" rather than ""the"", so as to underline that his was a personal subjective view rather than an academic, didactic standard)."	"the year 2000 saw schama return to the uk, having been commissioned by the bbc to produce a series of television documentary programmes on british history as part of their millennium celebrations, under the title a history of britain (schama was insistent on the title beginning with ""a"" rather than ""the"", so as to underline that his was a personal subjective view rather than an academic, didactic standard)."
iron maiden, green day, oasis, pearl jam, patti smith, mcfly(featuring roger daltry), and surprisingly hilary duff have released covers of the song.	iron maiden, green day, oasis, pearl jam, patti smith, mcfly(featuring roger daltry), and hilary duff have released covers of the song.
however, certain events were pivotal in the growing rift between christianity and judaism.	however, certain events are perceived as pivotal in the growing rift between christianity and judaism.
in addition to his music prowess, he is famous for his antics and personality, including his obsession with numbers and colors.	in addition to his music prowess, he is famous for his antics and personality, including his fascination with numbers and colors.
kimjongilia is a flower named after the late north korean dictator kim jong-il.	kimjongilia is a flower named after the late north korean leader kim jong-il.
"among prominent alumni are former president and supreme court justice william howard taft (a founder's son); former presidents george h. w. bush and his famous son, george w. bush; supreme court justices morrison r. waite and potter stewart; james jesus angleton, ""mother of the central intelligence agency""; henry stimson, u.s. secretary of war (1940-1945); u.s. secretary of defense robert a. lovett, who directed the korean war; and henry luce, founder & publisher of time, life, fortune, and sports illustrated magazines."	"among prominent alumni are former president and supreme court justice william howard taft (a founder's son); former presidents george h. w. bush and his son, george w. bush; supreme court justices morrison r. waite and potter stewart; james jesus angleton, ""mother of the central intelligence agency""; henry stimson, u.s. secretary of war (1940-1945); u.s. secretary of defense robert a. lovett, who directed the korean war; and henry luce, founder & publisher of time, life, fortune, and sports illustrated magazines."
"brokaw argued that these men and women fought not for fame or recognition, but because it was the ""right thing to do."""	"brokaw wrote that these men and women fought not for fame or recognition, but because it was the ""right thing to do."""
plains is a small town in sumter county, georgia, united states.	plains is a town in sumter county, georgia, united states .
cowell would later find talented pop acts who had acted on television shows.	cowell would later find pop acts who had acted on television shows.
sani abacha, military president of nigeria from 1993 to 1998	sani abacha, military dictator of nigeria from 1993 to 1998
although she was has served on the advisory board of the wish list (women in the senate and house) political action committee, which contributes to pro- abortion female republican candidates for congress, she is no longer on the board and the pac has not endorsed her in 2006. .	although she was has served on the advisory board of the wish list (women in the senate and house) political action committee, which contributes to pro- choice female republican candidates for congress, she is no longer on the board and the pac has not endorsed her in 2006. .
the tepehun revolt from 1616 to 1620 was a bloody and ultimately futile attempt by the tepehun, inspired by a messianic leader named quautlatas, to rid their territory of the spanish.	the tepehun revolt from 1616 to 1620 was a bloody and ultimately unsuccessful attempt by the tepehun, inspired by a messianic leader named quautlatas, to rid their territory of the spanish.
the next game was a heartbreaker for yugoslavia.	the next game was a loss for yugoslavia.
the number of victims was equally high in other cities, such as cordoba, valencia and barcelona.	the number of people killed was equally high in other cities, such as cordoba, valencia and barcelona.
argentina: pizzas have no more than two toppings, and lots of very tasty mozzarella cheese, usually 250 grs per pizza (32 cm diameter)	argentina: pizzas have no more than two toppings, and lots of very mozzarella cheese, usually 250 grs per pizza (32 cm diameter)
in addition, the milice was also responsible for hunting defenseless jews, including working with area gestapo head klaus barbie to seize members of the resistance and also jews, for shipment to detention centres, such as the drancy deportation camp, enroute to auschwitz, and other german concentration camps, including dachau and buchenwald.	in addition, the milice was also responsible for hunting jews, including working with area gestapo head klaus barbie to seize members of the resistance and also jews, for shipment to detention centres, such as the drancy deportation camp, enroute to auschwitz, and other german concentration camps, including dachau and buchenwald.
citing economic hardships, cold war allies becoming less dependent on the united states, a rapidly declining dollar, the rise of other great powers around the world, and decreasing education, some experts have suggested the possibility of america losing its superpower status in the distant future.	citing economic hardships, cold war allies becoming less dependent on the united states, a declining dollar, the rise of other great powers around the world, and decreasing education, some experts have suggested the possibility of america losing its superpower status in the distant future.
attacks on doctors who perform abortions	attacks on abortionists who perform abortions
feminist activism, however, is a dogmatic movement that seeks to redefine social boundaries related to social class, race, culture, and religion.	feminist activism, however, is a movement that seeks to redefine social boundaries related to social class, race, culture, and religion.
abc airs movie with very minor changes	abc airs movie with minor changes
however, she is not as powerful as ursula and lacks her subtlety, though she is exceptionally cunning in her own right.	however, she is not as powerful as ursula and lacks her subtlety, though she is cunning in her own right.
it has been awarded to 40 cities in russia ( and crimea).	it has been awarded to 40 cities in russia ( including crimea).
"others such as craig keener note that the evidence suggests that the evangelists ""chose the scripture texts to fit the stories."""	"others such as craig keener claim that the evidence suggests that the evangelists ""chose the scripture texts to fit the stories."""
"a founder member of steve sailer's human bio-diversity group, derbyshire has expressed extravagant admiration for sailer, to whom he has applied warren harding's encomium on herbert hoover: ""the smartest gink i know."""	"a founder member of steve sailer's human bio-diversity group, derbyshire has expressed admiration for sailer, to whom he has applied warren harding's encomium on herbert hoover: ""the smartest gink i know."""
comedienne ruth buzzi portrayed nurse kravitz, an eccentric nurse who discovers that the character endora has a demon tail, in 2003. marla gibbs appeared in 2004 and 2005 as irma johnson, the cantankerous, wheelchair-bound aunt of eve russell and liz sanbourne.	comedian ruth buzzi portrayed nurse kravitz, an eccentric nurse who discovers that the character endora has a demon tail, in 2003. marla gibbs appeared in 2004 and 2005 as irma johnson, the cantankerous, wheelchair-bound aunt of eve russell and liz sanbourne.
bridget hall (born december 12, 1977) is an american supermodel .	bridget hall (born december 12, 1977) is an american model .
in france, most of higher education organizations (universities and so-called grandes coles ) are public and charge low tuition fees.	in france, most of higher education organizations (universities and grandes coles) are public and charge low tuition fees.
according to the national wolfdog alliance, some u.s. states effectively forbid the ownership, breeding and importation of wolfdogs, while others impose some form of regulation upon ownership.	according to the national wolfdog alliance, 40 u.s. states effectively forbid the ownership, breeding and importation of wolfdogs, while others impose some form of regulation upon ownership.
the nintendo gamecube is an example of a popular video game console.	the nintendo gamecube is an example of a video game console.
the republic of china is a state in east asia.	the republic of china is a country in east asia.
"the scale and importance of the battle has led to the battle being referred as ""the mother of all battles"" in pro- regime media."	"the scale and importance of the battle has led to the battle being referred as ""the mother of all battles"" in pro- government media."
april 16 - nova villa, filipino actress and a veteran comedienne	april 16 - nova villa, filipino actress and a veteran comedian
he is the father of three beautiful daughters.	he is the father of three daughters.
ellen is a fanatic gymnast and lisan is playing volleyball.	ellen is a gymnast and lisan is playing volleyball.
shirish kunder (born 24 may 1973) is an indian filmmaker.	shirish kunder (born 24 may 1973) is a farah khan's husband and indian filmmaker.
upalt=a photograph of a woman with long, blonde hair looking at the viewer with her mouth slightly open while wearing a black dress with a scoop neck|jc's girls evangelizes to women in the sex industry such as sophia lynn, a pornographic film actress who subsequently became a christian.	upalt=a photograph of a woman with long, blonde hair looking at the viewer with her mouth slightly open while wearing a black dress with a scoop neck|jc's girls evangelizes to women in the sex industry such as sophia lynn, a pornographic film actor who subsequently became a christian.
it attracted a host of scandinavian settlers, and the area still boasts a high concentration of descendants of these original settlers.	it attracted a host of scandinavian settlers, and the area still holds a high concentration of descendants of these original settlers.
august 12 cubs pound cardinals 132, hitting five home runs and winning their 11th straight game.	august 12 cubs defeat cardinals 132, hitting five home runs and winning their 11th straight game.
many differing viewpoints are represented on their forum, though american-style social conservatism predominates.	many differing viewpoints are represented on their forum, though social conservatism predominates.
when he arrived and proceeded to meet the russian, an jung-geun, a korean nationalist , fired six shots at him.	when he arrived and proceeded to meet the russian, an jung-geun, a korean independence activist , fired six shots at him.
the off-diagonal elements, which mixe the opposite strangeness particles, are due to the weak interactions.	the off-diagonal elements, which mixes the opposite strangeness particles, are due to the weak interactions.
moments after witnessing the murder of a poor, young girlfriend by fascist soldiers clearing a shantytown, infante is nearly arrested himself.	moments after witnessing the murder of a poor, young girlfriend by soldiers clearing a shantytown, infante is nearly arrested himself.
wb games inc., doing business as warner bros. interactive entertainment (wbie), is a division of warner bros. and a leading publisher, developer, licensor and distributor of entertainment content for the interactive space across all platforms, including console, handheld, mobile and pc-based gaming for both internal and third party game titles.	wb games inc., doing business as warner bros. interactive entertainment (wbie), is a division of warner bros. and a publisher, developer, licensor and distributor of entertainment content for the interactive space across all platforms, including console, handheld, mobile and pc-based gaming for both internal and third party game titles.
on 8 rabi' al-awwal, the eleventh shia imam, hasan al-askari was martyred .	on 8 rabi' al-awwal, the eleventh shia imam, hasan al-askari was killed .
ron suskind, renowned pulitzer prize-winning author, has alleged that president of the united states george w. bush ordered the central intelligence agency (cia) to forge or manufacture a false-pretense for the iraq war through a backdated, handwritten document namely, the habbush letter linking saddam hussein and al-qaeda .	ron suskind, a pulitzer prize-winning author, has alleged that president of the united states george w. bush ordered the central intelligence agency (cia) to forge or manufacture a false-pretense for the iraq war through a backdated, handwritten document namely, the habbush letter linking saddam hussein and al-qaeda .
when his wife, elena, is beaten and trampled to death with horses by mercenaries, he changes his name after slaying several of her killers.	when his wife, elena, is raped and trampled to death with horses by mercenaries, he changes his name after slaying several of her killers.
list of umpiring errors	list of umpiring controversies
visit by congressman ryan, murders	visit by congressman ryan, deaths
white christmas is the fifth album and an album of covers of famous christmas songs by country singer martina mcbride issued by rca records in 1998. the album was reissued in 1999 with new artwork and two new tracks.	white christmas is the fifth album and an album of covers of christmas songs by country singer martina mcbride issued by rca records in 1998. the album was reissued in 1999 with new artwork and two new tracks.
the more robust windows 3.x platforms of the early 1990's made it possible for excel to steal market share from lotus.	the more robust windows 3.x platforms of the early 1990's made it possible for excel to take market share from lotus.
this irresistible first novel tells the story of four friends who find themselves caught up in a dangerous quest to save their town when the twisted creatures from their card game come to life.	this first novel tells the story of four friends who find themselves caught up in a dangerous quest to save their town when the twisted creatures from their card game come to life.
there still is no complete agreement, although nowadays professionals recognize the devastating effects of child sexual abuse on mental health.	there still is no complete agreement, although nowadays professionals recognize the negative effects of child sexual abuse on mental health.
nevertheless, this domestic betrayal fell on fertile ground, due to the conditions of the treaty seen unanimously as unacceptable (quote philip scheidemann before he refused to sign and stepped down) by all political parties from left to right.	nevertheless, these allegations of domestic betrayal fell on fertile ground, due to the conditions of the treaty seen unanimously as unacceptable (quote philip scheidemann before he refused to sign and stepped down) by all political parties from left to right.
the 2010 minimum was just above that of 2008, and below the 1979 to 2009 average minimum.	the 2010 minimum was above that of 2008, and below the 1979 to 2009 average minimum.
they belonged to the greek orthodox church and spoke the cham dialect of albanian.	they belonged to the eastern orthodox church and spoke the cham dialect of albanian.
though it happened in athens was supposed to put mansfield back on top, because her rival marilyn monroe had just died tragically at the age of 36, but the movie was also a disappointment and so fox released mansfield from her contract.	though it happened in athens was supposed to put mansfield back on top, because her rival marilyn monroe had just died at the age of 36, but the movie was also a disappointment and so fox released mansfield from her contract.
"the spice girls were one of the more influential girl groups in the mid-1990s, with their post-feminist trademark ""girl power""."	"the spice girls were one of the more influential girl groups in the mid-1990s, with their trademark ""girl power""."
"on the complete volte-face and surrender made by charles to france in 1670, henry bennet, 1st earl of arlington, a roman catholic, was entrusted with the first treaty of dover of may 20 which besides providing for the united attack on holland, included charles's undertaking to proclaim himself a romanist and to reintroduce the roman catholic faith into england, while buckingham was sent to france to carry on the sham negotiations which led to the public treaties of december 31 1670 and february 2 1672. he was much pleased with his reception by louis xiv, declared that he had ""more honours done him than ever were given to any subject"", and, was presented with a pension of 10,000 livres a year for lady shrewsbury."	"on the complete volte-face and surrender made by charles to france in 1670, henry bennet, 1st earl of arlington, a roman catholic, was entrusted with the first treaty of dover of may 20 which besides providing for the united attack on holland, included charles's undertaking to proclaim himself a catholic and to reintroduce the roman catholic faith into england, while buckingham was sent to france to carry on the sham negotiations which led to the public treaties of december 31 1670 and february 2 1672. he was much pleased with his reception by louis xiv, declared that he had ""more honours done him than ever were given to any subject"", and, was presented with a pension of 10,000 livres a year for lady shrewsbury."
langan's brasserie is a legendary restaurant situated on stratton street, mayfair, london.	langan's brasserie is a restaurant situated on stratton street, mayfair, london.
however, the most commonly accepted date for the beginning of pre-history of japan is 35,000 bce, with any date before that still highly controversial.	however, the most commonly accepted date for the beginning of pre-history of japan is 35,000 bce, with any date before that still controversial.
kate santley (c18371923), german-born actress, singer and comedienne .	kate santley (c18371923), german-born actress, singer and comedian .
at that time, it was also estimated that only 400 isil militants remained inside the city.	at that time, it was also estimated that only 400 isil fighters remained inside the city.
similarly, in august 2014 the uk planned to press the eu to block russian use of swift as a sanction due to alleged russia's involvement in the conflict in ukraine.	similarly, in august 2014 the uk planned to press the eu to block russian use of swift as a sanction due to russia's involvement in the conflict in ukraine.
yasmeen ghauri (urdu: ) (born march 23, 1971 in montreal, canada) is a canadian supermodel of pakistani descent born to a german mother and a pakistani muslim father.	yasmeen ghauri (urdu: ) (born march 23, 1971 in montreal, canada) is a canadian model of pakistani descent born to a german mother and a pakistani muslim father.
cds contracts have been mistakenly compared with insurance, because the buyer pays a premium and, in return, receives a sum of money if a specified event occurs.	cds contracts have been compared with insurance, because the buyer pays a premium and, in return, receives a sum of money if a specified event occurs.
together jacksgap incredibly has more than 3.7 million subscribers.	together jacksgap has more than 3.7 million subscribers.
in his first state of the union address donald trump devoted much time to north korea, stoking fears that an american strike was under serious consideration and not mere saber-rattling, particularly given the withdrawal of dr. victor cha as ambassador to the republic of korea and its similarity to george w. bush's infamous axis of evil 2002 state of the union address.	in his first state of the union address donald trump devoted much time to north korea, stoking fears that an american strike was under serious consideration and not mere saber-rattling, particularly given the withdrawal of dr. victor cha as ambassador to the republic of korea and its similarity to george w. bush's axis of evil 2002 state of the union address.
there were also a number of relatively minor attacks on mainland britain, including a taxi-bomb attack on the bbc television centre in west london, and a rocket propelled grenade attack on the mi6 headquarters, despite the continuing ceasefire and slow movement towards disarmament by the provisional ira.	there were also a number of relatively minor attacks on the island of great britain , including a taxi-bomb attack on the bbc television centre in west london, and a rocket propelled grenade attack on the mi6 headquarters, despite the continuing ceasefire and slow movement towards disarmament by the provisional ira.
this drawing reminds one of the events of 13 may 1981, when the turk mehmet ali aca fired a pistol at pope john paul ii, hitting him in the abdomen.	this drawing reminds supporters of the events of 13 may 1981, when the turk mehmet ali aca fired a pistol at pope john paul ii, hitting him in the abdomen.
the government is a parliamentary democracy; however, civilian rule has been suspended under emergency law since 11 january, 2007. bangladesh is a member of the commonwealth of nations, saarc, bimstec, the oic, and the d-8.	the government is a parliamentary democracy; however, political rule has been suspended under emergency law since 11 january, 2007. bangladesh is a member of the commonwealth of nations, saarc, bimstec, the oic, and the d-8.
the station features far-right conservative talk, much of which is brokered programming.	the station features conservative talk, much of which is brokered programming.
in another hallucination, alma appears before him: she is now heavily pregnant, having conceived a baby with becket while raping him.	in another hallucination, alma appears before him: she is now heavily pregnant, having conceived a baby with becket while having sex with him.
the majority of the population fall within two large groups, indo- european and dravidian.	the majority of the population fall within two large groups, indo- aryan and dravidian.
"same difference have come in for particular unfair criticism from judge louis walsh, who has described them as ""cheesy"" and suggested that they would be better suited to children's parties and pantomime."	"same difference have come in for particular criticism from judge louis walsh, who has described them as ""cheesy"" and suggested that they would be better suited to children's parties and pantomime."
these small works rivaled not only the popular polonaises of leading warsaw composers, but the famous polonaises of micha kleofas ogiski.	these small works were said to rival not only the popular polonaises of leading warsaw composers, but the famous polonaises of micha kleofas ogiski.
the film did receive some negative reviews as well.	the film did receive negative reviews as well.
the slaadi appear in this edition of the monster manual, with improved lore about the reproduction of slaadi.	the slaadi appear in this edition of the monster manual, with additional lore about the reproduction of slaadi.
2007 - jack kevorkian was released from prison after serving eight years of his 10-25 year prison term for second-degree murder in the 1998 poisoning of thomas youk, 52, of oakland county, michigan.	2007 - jack kevorkian was released from prison after serving eight years of his 10-25 year prison term for second-degree murder in the 1998 death of thomas youk, 52, of oakland county, michigan.
a doughnut or donut is a delicious deep-fried piece of dough or batter, usually with a toroidal shape.	a doughnut or donut is a deep-fried piece of dough or batter, usually with a toroidal shape.
the pc party merged with the canadian alliance to form a new far-right conservative party of canada in december 2003. the new democratic party (ndp) is the major party furthest to the political left.	the pc party merged with the canadian alliance to form a new rightist conservative party of canada in december 2003. the new democratic party (ndp) is the major party furthest to the political left.
she was the editor of the popular women's magazine vama from 1984-87. the congress government of india awarded her the fourth highest civilian honour of padma shri in 2006.	she was the editor of the popular women's magazine vama from 1984-87. the government of india awarded her the fourth highest civilian honour of padma shri in 2006.
"frequently referred to as the ""queen of pop"", madonna has become a globally recognised icon and is the recipient of numerous awards for her music and videos."	"frequently referred to as the ""queen of pop"", madonna has become a globally recognised celebrity and is the recipient of numerous awards for her music and videos."
leakes has also transitioned into scripted television, playing sassy secretary rocky roades in the nbc comedy the new normal.	leakes has also transitioned into scripted television, playing the secretary rocky roades in the nbc comedy the new normal.
libertarianism rejects the tenents of socialism and communism, upholding, by contrast, private property, whether held on an individual or group basis.	libertarianism rejects the compulsions of socialism and communism, upholding, by contrast, private property, whether held on an individual or group basis.
examples: willard krat from sabrina: the teenage witch and principal snyder from buffy the vampire slayer.	examples: willard kraft from sabrina: the teenage witch and principal snyder from buffy the vampire slayer.
"to celebrate ten years as a band godsmack, will be releasing a greatest hits album entitled good times, bad times.... 10 years of godsmack on december 4, 2007. it will include a cover of the led zeppelin classic ""good times, bad times"" (see, ""good times, bad times (godsmack song)), as well as the godsmack's acoustic performance in las vegas."	"to celebrate ten years as a band godsmack, will be releasing a greatest hits album entitled good times, bad times.... 10 years of godsmack on december 4, 2007. it will include a cover of the led zeppelin song ""good times, bad times"" (see, ""good times, bad times (godsmack song)), as well as the godsmack's acoustic performance in las vegas."
in english football, the birmingham derby ( better known as the second city derby ) is the local derby between the two major clubs in the city of birmingham, england – aston villa and birmingham city.	in english football, the birmingham derby ( also known as the second city derby ) is the local derby between the two major clubs in the city of birmingham, england – aston villa and birmingham city.
though prominent enough in her time to merit her own chapter in anthony's history of woman suffrage, nichols has been overlooked since 1900 and only recently have her contributions to equal rights undergone a long-needed reassessment.	though prominent enough in her time to merit her own chapter in anthony's history of woman suffrage, nichols has been overlooked since 1900 and only recently have her contributions to equal rights undergone a reassessment.
anderson received all-american honors twice in 1964 and 1965 and was a three-time all-southwest conference halfback 1963-65. anderson held many of texas tech's football records as his legendary career ended with the 1965 season.	anderson received all-american honors twice in 1964 and 1965 and was a three-time all-southwest conference halfback 1963-65. anderson held many of texas tech's football records as his career ended with the 1965 season.
the revised 1801 version adopted by the us episcopalian church	the revised 1801 version adopted by the us episcopal church
his movement eventually acquired tens of thousands of supporters, was virulently opposed by iran's shi'a clergy, and was suppressed by the iranian government leading to thousands of his followers, termed bbs, being persecuted and murdered .	his movement eventually acquired tens of thousands of supporters, was virulently opposed by iran's shi'a clergy, and was suppressed by the iranian government leading to thousands of his followers, termed bbs, being persecuted and killed .
that would happily prove to be an understatement.	that would prove to be an understatement.
despite his popularity with the wider gujarati electorate, he remains a controversial figure and extremely unpopular with minority communities.	despite his popularity with the wider gujarati electorate, he remains a controversial figure and unpopular with minority communities.
threshold is a successful text-based online role-playing game using a mud system.	threshold is a text-based online role-playing game using a mud system.
in the later, non-puranic story of the origin of the popular god ayyappa, vishnu as mohini becomes pregnant from intercourse with shiva, and gives birth to a child, who he abandons in shame.	in the later, non-puranic story of the origin of the god ayyappa, vishnu as mohini becomes pregnant from intercourse with shiva, and gives birth to a child, who he abandons in shame.
more houses and shops were built using stone quarried in the village and read now boasts a variety of small businesses catering for many needs.	more houses and shops were built using stone quarried in the village and read now has a variety of small businesses catering for many needs.
in the wake of the 1948 arabisraeli war, and after the 1949 armistice agreements, kafr 'aqab came under jordanian rule .	in the wake of the 1948 arabisraeli war, and after the 1949 armistice agreements, kafr 'aqab came under jordanian occupation .
its independence is partially recognized but is strongly opposed by the republic of serbia, which continues to claim it as its autonomous province of kosovo and metohija, as well as many other countries such as russia.	its independence is partially recognized but is strongly opposed by the republic of serbia, which continues to claim it as its autonomous province of kosovo and metohija, as well as other countries such as russia.
"no scrubs was the first popular hit single for tlc to feature lead vocals by group member rozonda ""chilli"" thomas rather than tionne ""t-boz"" watkins."	"no scrubs was the first hit single for tlc to feature lead vocals by group member rozonda ""chilli"" thomas rather than tionne ""t-boz"" watkins."
the first vessel destroyer was recently named ahn yong-bok (hangul:) after a korean patriot who protested over tokugawa shogunate's repeated claim over dokdo and made tokugawa shogunate confirm in writing that the islets were korean possessions.	the first vessel destroyer was recently named ahn yong-bok (hangul:) after a korean patriot who protested over tokugawa shogunate's repeated claim over liancourt rocks and made tokugawa shogunate confirm in writing that the islets were korean possessions.
the film was primarily shot in maryland, along with a pivotal hotel scene shot in wilmington, delaware.	the film was primarily shot in maryland, along with a hotel scene shot in wilmington, delaware.
the book thrillingly follows girland as he tries to rescue gilly and the tape which could prove dangerous to a lot of people.	the book follows girland as he tries to rescue gilly and the tape which could prove dangerous to a lot of people.
however, this has been challenged recently and the long gun registry which has cost canadians over $2 billion is in the process of being dissolved when bill c-391 passes.	however, this has been challenged recently and the long gun registry which has cost canadians over $2 billion is in the process of being dissolved if bill c-391 passes.
michael ball (born michael ashley ball, on 27 june, 1962 in bromsgrove, england) is a charismatic british actor and singer, best known for musical theatre roles such as marius in les misrables, alex in aspects of love, and caractacus potts in chitty chitty bang bang.	michael ball (born michael ashley ball, on 27 june, 1962 in bromsgrove, england) is a british actor and singer, best known for musical theatre roles such as marius in les misrables, alex in aspects of love, and caractacus potts in chitty chitty bang bang.
christmas day is a christian holiday on this day celebrating the nativity of jesus christ .	christmas day is a christian holiday on this day celebrating the nativity of jesus.
national development front, a militant islamic political outfit in south india	national development front, a militant islamic political organization in south india
the product has been praised for its taste and demonstrating a market for irish exports.	the product has been reported in national media for its taste and demonstrating a market for irish exports.
miriam makeba lived in the suburb at the time of her passing .	miriam makeba lived in the suburb at the time of her death .
the area is known for its excellent skiing, including shawnee peak in bridgton, sunday river in bethel, black mountain in rumford, saddleback mountain in rangley and sugarloaf in carabasset valley.	the area is known for its skiing, including shawnee peak in bridgton, sunday river in bethel, black mountain in rumford, saddleback mountain in rangley and sugarloaf in carabasset valley.
villa amalia is a 2009 french drama film adapted from the acclaimed novel by pascal quignard.	villa amalia is a 2009 french drama film adapted from the novel by pascal quignard.
there are three coments of the usaf:	there are three components of the usaf:
the term jewish lobby is used to describe lobbying by jews on domestic and foreign policy decisions, as a political participant of representative government, conducted predominantly in the diaspora in a number of western countries.	the term jewish lobby is used to describe lobbying attributed to jews on domestic and foreign policy decisions, as a political participant of representative government, conducted predominantly in the diaspora in a number of western countries.
michael shawn hickenbottom (born july 22, 1965) is an iconic american professional wrestler, better known by the ring name shawn michaels.	michael shawn hickenbottom (born july 22, 1965) is an american professional wrestler, better known by the ring name shawn michaels.
spongebob squarepants is the hilarious main character of the nickelodeon animated series spongebob squarepants.	spongebob squarepants is the main character of the nickelodeon animated series spongebob squarepants.
during the glorious days of urban terror 1.27 the game sported a flashlight known as teh unlose.	during the days of urban terror 1.27 the game sported a flashlight known as teh unlose.
miracle mile is a 1988 american apocalyptic thriller cult film written and directed by steve de jarnatt, and starring anthony edwards and mare winningham that takes place mostly in real time.	miracle mile is a 1988 american apocalyptic thriller film written and directed by steve de jarnatt, and starring anthony edwards and mare winningham that takes place mostly in real time.
in the wake of the tragic amish school shooting, members of westboro baptist church planned on picketing the funerals of the five girls killed in the shooting.	in the wake of the amish school shooting, members of westboro baptist church planned on picketing the funerals of the five girls killed in the shooting.
it is worth noting that meher baba claimed that sufism pre-dates the prophet mohammed (peace be upon him and his family) having begun with the prophet zarathustra (zoroaster) of persia, and that mohammed gave sufism a spiritual push back toward the essoteric aspect of the spiritual path (this last point was conveyed to don e. stevens by meher baba in person).	it is worth noting that meher baba asserted that sufism pre-dates the prophet mohammed (peace be upon him and his family) having begun with the prophet zarathustra (zoroaster) of persia, and that mohammed gave sufism a spiritual push back toward the essoteric aspect of the spiritual path (this last point was conveyed to don e. stevens by meher baba in person).
trkvizyon song contest 2014 will be the second edition of trkvizyon song contest, which will take place in kazan in the beautiful region of tatarstan.	trkvizyon song contest 2014 will be the second edition of trkvizyon song contest, which will take place in kazan in the region of tatarstan.
they are a combination of an anti-crime unit and a motor vehicle enforcement unit, with a tremendous amount of freedom.	they are a combination of an anti-crime unit and a motor vehicle enforcement unit, with a very large amount of freedom.
eagerly anticipated as mankind 's first trip into space on a reused vehicle, the second launch of the space shuttle columbia was called off, literally at the last minute.	eagerly anticipated as humankind 's first trip into space on a reused vehicle, the second launch of the space shuttle columbia was called off, literally at the last minute.
g3 is a leading publication for lesbian and bisexual women in the united kingdom.	g3 is a publication for lesbian and bisexual women in the united kingdom.
the dream of the rood is one of the earliest christian poems in the corpus of old english literature and an intriguing example of the genre of dream poetry.	the dream of the rood is one of the earliest christian poems in the corpus of old english literature and an example of the genre of dream poetry.
eliyahu asheri, 18, israeli civilian kidnapped and executed by terrorists in the west bank city of ramallah.	eliyahu asheri, 18, israeli civilian kidnapped and executed by militants in the west bank city of ramallah.
"speaking of the delayed release of her solo album, in september 2008 scherzinger said ""despite what other people might write, it was my decision, ultimately."	"speaking about the delayed release of her solo album, in september 2008 scherzinger said ""despite what other people might write, it was my decision, ultimately."
the propositions listed had been damned in the sense and context in which they originally occurred; without the original context, the document appeared to condemn a larger range of ideas than it actually did.	the propositions listed had been declared to be heretical in the sense and context in which they originally occurred; without the original context, the document appeared to condemn a larger range of ideas than it actually did.
she helped provide expert commentary on the o.j.	she helped provide commentary on the o.j.
left to right; sara , sonic, the president, dr. eggman and tails with robots.	left to right; seira , sonic, the president, dr. eggman and tails with robots.
lisa snowdon (born lisa snawdon on january 23, 1972) is an english supermodel , singer, actress and television personality.	lisa snowdon (born lisa snawdon on january 23, 1972) is an english model , singer, actress and television personality.
saltaire was founded in 1853 by sir titus salt, an enlightened industrialist.	saltaire was founded in 1853 by sir titus salt, an industrialist.
breathtaking views of deuteronilus mensae on mars from mars express	views of deuteronilus mensae on mars from mars express
after this sam pretends that she loves him, and the two of them kiss.	after this sam tells charlie that she loves him, and the two of them kiss.
as a mere labour backbencher, livingstone lost the public platform he possessed as head of the glc; furthermore, his brand of radical socialism was increasingly out of step with the labour leadership, which had moved sharply towards the centre under the leadership of neil kinnock who now blamed left-wingers like livingstone for labour's 'unelectability.'	as a labour backbencher, livingstone lost the public platform he possessed as head of the glc; furthermore, his brand of radical socialism was increasingly out of step with the labour leadership, which had moved sharply towards the centre under the leadership of neil kinnock who now blamed left-wingers like livingstone for labour's 'unelectability.'
the flight of korean refugees in the far east and their tragic relocation forced by stalin in 1937; the break-up of korea and the post-world war ii clashes leading to the korean war; the standoff between the dprk and the rok during the cold war; and pyongyangs adventurous behavior resulting in heated conflicts that more than once placed the peninsula on the brink of a large-scale conflict with the potential involvement of the u.s. or ussr (such as the 1968 uss pueblo crisis).	the flight of korean refugees in the far east and their relocation forced by stalin in 1937; the break-up of korea and the post-world war ii clashes leading to the korean war; the standoff between the dprk and the rok during the cold war; and pyongyangs adventurous behavior resulting in heated conflicts that more than once placed the peninsula on the brink of a large-scale conflict with the potential involvement of the u.s. or ussr (such as the 1968 uss pueblo crisis).
`abbas ibn `abd al-muttalib (c. 566 – c. 653) was a paternal uncle and sahabi (companion) of prophet muhammad.	`abbas ibn `abd al-muttalib (c. 566 – c. 653) was a paternal uncle and sahabi (companion) of muhammad.
henry clarence kendall (18 april 1839 - 1 august 1882 interred in waverley cemetery) was an important nineteenth century australian poet.	henry clarence kendall (18 april 1839 - 1 august 1882 interred in waverley cemetery) was an nineteenth century australian poet.
boorman would recover with the superb excalibur a few years later, and the exorcist series finally got a worthy sequel in 1990's the exorcist iii, adapted by william peter blatty from his own novel legion.	boorman would recover with the successful excalibur a few years later, and the exorcist series finally got a worthy sequel in 1990's the exorcist iii, adapted by william peter blatty from his own novel legion.
secondly, losses of lives and property on both the israeli and palestinian sides as results of both the palestinian uprising and the resulting israeli army's actions.	secondly, losses of lives and property on both the israeli and palestinian sides as results of both the palestinian uprising and the israeli army's actions.
the bantu men's social centre, founded in 1924 in johannesburg, south africa, played important social, political, and cultural roles in the lives of black south africans.	the bantu men's social centre, founded in 1924 in johannesburg, south africa, played social, political, and cultural roles in the lives of black south africans.
upon clay's instruction, douglas then divided clay's bill into several smaller pieces and narrowly won their passage, over the opposition of radicals on both sides.	upon clay's instruction, douglas then divided clay's bill into several smaller pieces and narrowly won their passage, over the opposition of opponents on both sides.
immediately after his extraordinary solo climb on the matterhorn bonatti announced his retirement from professional climbing at the age of 35 and after only 17 years of climbing activity.	immediately after his extraordinary solo climb on the matterhorn bonatti announced his retirement from professional climbing at the age of 35 and after 17 years of climbing activity.
formed in 1978, with the goal of establishing an independent marxist state in the so-called catalan countries, the group carried out dozens of attacks that left many people injured and one person dead.	formed in 1978, with the goal of establishing an independent marxist state in the catalan countries, the group carried out dozens of attacks that left many people injured and one person dead.
gradually, orr realized he was likely reliving the experience of his own birth.	gradually, orr came to believe he was likely reliving the experience of his own birth.
gjorche petrov petrov (, ; 1864/1865 in varosh, present day republic of macedonia - june 28 1921 in sofia, bulgaria) was a bulgarian freedom fighter and one of the leaders of the macedonian-adrianople revolutionary movement (imaro, bmarc before 1902).	gjorche petrov petrov (, ; 1864/1865 in varosh, present day republic of macedonia - june 28 1921 in sofia, bulgaria) was a freedom fighter and one of the leaders of the macedonian-adrianople revolutionary movement (imaro, bmarc before 1902).
he reports about life of ordinary people in the period of dramatic social changes and events, including the decline of soviet economy and ideology, perestroika, attempted coup of 1991, devastating economic reforms of the 1990th, rise of russian mafia, sinking of kursk submarine, and russian apartment bombings.	he reports about life of ordinary people in the period of dramatic social changes and events, including the decline of soviet economy and ideology, perestroika, attempted coup of 1991, economic reforms of the 1990th, rise of russian mafia, sinking of kursk submarine, and russian apartment bombings.
"muhammad ibn al uthaymeen, a prominent wahhabi scholar, wrote: ""and there is no such thing in islaam as bidah hasanah (good innovation)."""	"muhammad ibn al uthaymeen, a prominent modern-day scholar, wrote: ""and there is no such thing in islaam as bidah hasanah (good innovation)."""
incorruptibility is a roman catholic and eastern orthodox belief that supernatural (or godly) intervention allows some manky human bodies (specifically saints) to avoid the normal process of decomposition after death as a sign of their holiness.	incorruptibility is a roman catholic and eastern orthodox belief that supernatural (or godly) intervention allows some human bodies (specifically saints) to avoid the normal process of decomposition after death as a sign of their holiness.
bennington manages to 'unmask' his interview subjects, and reveal their true personality and/or inspirations for comedic styling.	bennington attempts to 'unmask' his interview subjects, and reveal their true personality and/or inspirations for comedic styling.
the walashma dynasty was a medieval somali dynasty of the horn of africa.	the walashma dynasty was a medieval muslim dynasty of the horn of africa.
however, the armenian militants surrounded him and treacherously shot him in the back.	however, the armenian militants surrounded him and shot him in the back.
the ira's most infamous attack occurred in brighton in october 1984 when they killed five people and injured dozens during the brighton hotel bombing which was an attempt to kill british prime minister margaret thatcher.	the ira's most notable attack occurred in brighton in october 1984 when they killed five people and injured dozens during the brighton hotel bombing which was an attempt to kill british prime minister margaret thatcher.
belligerent armies may not recruit its citizens, but they may go abroad to enlist.	belligerent armies may not recruit neutral citizens, but they may go abroad to enlist.
1836: wallis brother william arrived at mangungu mission station in the hokianga, but tragically fell from the vessel while he was disembarking and drowned.	1836: wallis brother william arrived at mangungu mission station in the hokianga, but fell from the vessel while he was disembarking and drowned.
l'espresso is a major italian weekly news magazine with national distribution.	l'espresso is a italian weekly news magazine with national distribution.
instant runoff voting and variations have been hailed as a solution to the logistical problems of overseas voting in states with runoff provisions.	instant runoff voting and variations have been proposed as a solution to the logistical problems of overseas voting in states with runoff provisions.
in response, the united kingdom introduced a ban on research using great apes, although testing on other non-human primates continues .	in response, the united kingdom introduced a ban on research using great apes, although testing on other non-human primates has not been limited .
some modern writers suggest she was a hungarian while others note that her family (also known as the demsusi muzsina family) was a family of romanians ennobled in the second half of the 15th century	some hungarian writers suggest she was a hungarian while others note that her family (also known as the demsusi muzsina family) was a family of romanians ennobled in the second half of the 15th century
hovind's views are criticized by the deceived scientific community at large as well as some fellow young earth creationist organizations like answers in genesis.	hovind's views are criticized by the scientific community at large as well as some fellow young earth creationist organizations like answers in genesis.
in september 2018, paypal banned conservative journalist alex jones and his website infowars.	in september 2018, paypal banned journalist alex jones and his website infowars.
"he claimed that ""the people who came up with it are a familiar circle of republicans including former house speaker newt gingrich and former house majority leader dick armey, both of whom have firm support from right wing financiers and lobbyists."""	"he argued that ""the people who came up with it are a familiar circle of republicans including former house speaker newt gingrich and former house majority leader dick armey, both of whom have firm support from right wing financiers and lobbyists."""
2001: worst rookie of the year	2001: rookie of the year
by the time of his retirement lillee was the most successful test bowler in history, with 355 wickets at the outstanding average of 23.92.	by the time of his retirement lillee was the most successful test bowler in history, with 355 wickets at the average of 23.92.
while it was some miles offshore, an explosives-laden dinghy rammed the starboard side of the tanker and detonated.	while it was some distance offshore, an explosives-laden dinghy rammed the starboard side of the tanker and detonated.
after the rancher informed local authorities, military personnel arrived, retrieved the wreckage , and transported it to roswell army airfield; the debris was later flown to wright field in dayton, ohio.	after the rancher informed local authorities, military personnel arrived, retrieved the debris , and transported it to roswell army airfield; the debris was later flown to wright field in dayton, ohio.
the super-ego is observable in how someone can view himself as guilty, bad, pathetic, shameful, weak, and feel compelled to do certain things.	the super-ego is observable in how someone can view themself as guilty, bad, pathetic, shameful, weak, and feel compelled to do certain things.
in july 1187, saladin liberated most of the kingdom of jerusalem.	in july 1187, saladin recaptured most of the kingdom of jerusalem.
after the tea interval, tim bresnan took three big wickets - shane watson lbw, captain ricky ponting bowled and michael hussey caught for a duck - to leave australia 104-4. swann claimed the wicket of michael clarke with his off-spin while james anderson got one wicket as australia closed on 169-6, 246 runs behind, at the end of the third day, and with harris possibly retired hurt due to his ankle, australia may only be able to defend three more wickets.	after the tea interval, tim bresnan took three wickets - shane watson lbw, captain ricky ponting bowled and michael hussey caught for a duck - to leave australia 104-4. swann claimed the wicket of michael clarke with his off-spin while james anderson got one wicket as australia closed on 169-6, 246 runs behind, at the end of the third day, and with harris possibly retired hurt due to his ankle, australia may only be able to defend three more wickets.
speedy's major traits are his ability to run extremely fast, and his hilarious mexican accent.	speedy's major traits are his ability to run extremely fast, and his comedic mexican accent.
however, the colts season came to an end in san diego when they were upset in their wild-card round playoff game against the chargers.	however, the colts season came to an end in san diego when they were defeated in their wild-card round playoff game against the chargers.
the romulan neutral zone is still in effect (that is, no canononical material has yet occurred in which it is abolished).	the romulan neutral zone is still in effect (that is, no canonical material has yet occurred in which it is abolished).
born in dublin on 23 march 2007, cryan had an eleven-year successful career playing as a defender to such clubs as: sheffield united, scarborough, lincoln city, boston united and droylsden.	born in dublin on 23 march 2007, cryan had an eleven-year career playing as a defender to such clubs as: sheffield united, scarborough, lincoln city, boston united and droylsden.
his seattle rainiers teams won pacific coast league titles in 1939 and 1940. except for 1937, he managed every year until his passing in january 1941. he was entombed in glendale, california's grand view memorial park cemetery.	his seattle rainiers teams won pacific coast league titles in 1939 and 1940. except for 1937, he managed every year until his death in january 1941. he was entombed in glendale, california's grand view memorial park cemetery.
tmglmoat was originally developed to be a show on a regular television channel, or even on radiohead's own channel, though this plan unsurprisingly fell through.	tmglmoat was originally developed to be a show on a regular television channel, or even on radiohead's own channel, though this plan fell through.
liz torres - actress, singer, and american comedienne ; of puerto rican descent	liz torres - actress, singer, and american comedian ; of puerto rican descent
juliet anne virginia stevenson, cbe (born 30 october 1956), is an english actress of stage and screen.	juliet anne virginia stevenson, cbe (born 30 october 1956), is an english actor of stage and screen.
however, the swedish government would not guarantee this.	however, the swedish government say they cannot guarantee this.
it is a universal discourse allowing everyone to enjoy this fascinating world of images.	it is a universal discourse allowing everyone to enjoy this world of images.
"the title ""dominus liminis"" means ""lord of the threshold,""""dominus"" = latin nominative case = ""lord;"" ""liminis"" = latin genitive case = ""of the threshold"" a substitution for mathers's old golden dawn grade ""lord of the portal,"" the portal or threshold in question being a reference to the fact that the initiate is now passing from the lesser mysteries of the outer order of the gd to the greater mysteries of the inner order of the rr & ac."	"the title ""dominus liminis"" means ""lord of the threshold,""""dominus"" = latin nominative case = ""lord;"" ""liminis"" = latin genitive case = ""of the threshold"" a substitution for mathers's golden dawn grade ""lord of the portal,"" the portal or threshold in question being a reference to the fact that the initiate is now passing from the lesser mysteries of the outer order of the gd to the greater mysteries of the inner order of the rr & ac."
for example a conservative may claim to be the victim of 'politically-correct thought police', but would be less likely to describe the kgb as 'thought police', even though they may believe that the kgb in fact engaged in more severe repression of opinion.	for example a person may claim to be the victim of 'politically-correct thought police', but would be less likely to describe the kgb as 'thought police', even though they may believe that the kgb in fact engaged in more severe repression of opinion.
the muslims faced severe restrictions during the sikh rule.	the muslims faced restrictions during the sikh rule.
member of the regional council of lombardy for extremist proletarian democracy since 1985, he worked at university level and for the italian confederation of workers' trade unions.	member of the regional council of lombardy for proletarian democracy since 1985, he worked at university level and for the italian confederation of workers' trade unions.
rightnow is primarily known for their successful business model of offering their software as a hosted service in addition to offering it to customers in a traditional enterprise solution.	rightnow is primarily known for their business model of offering their software as a hosted service in addition to offering it to customers in a traditional enterprise solution.
"the term was created by stephen colbert after he used it during the first episode of his satirical television program the colbert report, as the subject of a segment called ""the wrd."""	"the term was popularized by stephen colbert after he used it during the first episode of his satirical television program the colbert report, as the subject of a segment called ""the wrd."""
"session musician jim sullivan made a cameo appearance in the haunting opening sequence of ""the troubled spirit"""	"session musician jim sullivan made a cameo appearance in the opening sequence of ""the troubled spirit"""
tallinder and the others were finally cleared in june of that year after a special prosecutor ruled there was no evidence they forced the woman to have sex.	tallinder and the others were cleared in june of that year after a special prosecutor ruled there was no evidence they forced the woman to have sex.
"some women perform light, high-repetition exercises in an attempt to ""tone"" their muscles without increasing their size."	"some weight trainers perform light, high-repetition exercises in an attempt to ""tone"" their muscles without increasing their size."
it is not yet widely recognised that hallucinatory experiences are not merely the prerogative of the insane, or normal people in abnormal states, but that they occur spontaneously in a significant proportion of the normal population, when in good health and not undergoing particular stress or other abnormal circumstance.	it is not widely recognised that hallucinatory experiences are not merely the prerogative of the insane, or normal people in abnormal states, but that they occur spontaneously in a significant proportion of the normal population, when in good health and not undergoing particular stress or other abnormal circumstance.
others tend to cite the execution as an example of what they perceive to be clinton's opportunism, directly influenced by michael dukakis and his disastrous response to george h. w. bush when asked during a campaign debate on october 13, 1988 if he would be supportive of the death penalty were his wife to be raped and murdered.	others tend to cite the execution as an example of what they perceive to be clinton's opportunism, directly influenced by michael dukakis and his response to george h. w. bush when asked during a campaign debate on october 13, 1988 if he would be supportive of the death penalty were his wife to be raped and murdered.
the gradual degradation of latin did not escape the notice of contemporaries.	the gradual change of latin did not escape the notice of contemporaries.
"the movement is described by some scholars and media outlets as ""fascist"", ""neo-fascist"", ""neo-nazi"", extremist, racist, antisemitic, anti-roma, and homophobic, though the party rejects these labels ."	"the movement is described by some scholars and media outlets as ""fascist"", ""neo-fascist"", ""neo-nazi"", extremist, racist, antisemitic, anti-roma, and homophobic, though the party rejects these claims ."
lucia was the concertmaster with the trans-siberian orchestra (tso) on their christmas season tour in 2003. after her tour with tso, micarelli joined josh groban on his closer tour as a guest soloist and concertmistress .	lucia was the concertmaster with the trans-siberian orchestra (tso) on their christmas season tour in 2003. after her tour with tso, micarelli joined josh groban on his closer tour as a guest soloist and concertmaster .
by his own admission, radcliffe was heavily influenced by his lack of fitness for the indian climate and his eagerness to escape .	by his own admission, radcliffe was heavily influenced by his lack of fitness for the indian climate and his eagerness to depart india .
in fact, even in 1974, at least one foreign language was compulsory in all but two european countries (ireland and the united kingdom, apart from scotland).	in fact, even in 1974, at least one foreign language was compulsory in all but two european member states (ireland and the united kingdom, apart from scotland).
"wodehouse was hailed by the times as a ""comic genius recognized in his lifetime as a classic and an old master of farce"" for his own ingenious wordplay."	"wodehouse was hailed by the times as a ""comic genius recognized in his lifetime as a classic and an old master of farce"" for his own acclaimed wordplay."
comedienne brett butler of grace under fire fame and snl longtime writer t. sean shannon honed their skills as members of the cw competitive dysfunction.	comedian brett butler of grace under fire fame and snl longtime writer t. sean shannon honed their skills as members of the cw competitive dysfunction.
eleanor roosevelt's life was cut short as she developed bone marrow tuberculosis, recurring from a primary 1919 infection, and died at her manhattan apartment on the evening of november 7, 1962. she was just 78 years old.	eleanor roosevelt's life was cut short as she developed bone marrow tuberculosis, recurring from a primary 1919 infection, and died at her manhattan apartment on the evening of november 7, 1962. she was 78 years old.
fluxbox 1.3 xsession running on debian 7 gnu/ linux	fluxbox 1.3 xsession running on debian 7 linux
the university of navarra is a prestigious private university in spain.	the university of navarra is a private university in spain.
after the hanging of the haymarket martyrs in 1887, however, she became an anarchist.	after the hanging of the haymarket protesters in 1887, however, she became an anarchist.
the porte's false efforts at modernizing the ottoman state were met with distrust growing to hostility in bosnia, where local aristocrats stood to lose much through the proposed reforms.	the porte's efforts at modernizing the ottoman state were met with distrust growing to hostility in bosnia, where local aristocrats stood to lose much through the proposed reforms .
"the journal's anti-aging focus has also drawn controversy, with online magazine writer and editor joseph hooper viewing it as ""somewhat fringy."""	"the journal's anti-aging focus has also drawn controversy, with health and fitness magazine writer and editor joseph hooper viewing it as ""somewhat fringy."""
"speculation was that bret hart was able to convince the backstage crew that he had been accidentally ""busted open,"" but ric flair was unfortunately caught blading directly on camera and was fined several thousand dollars."	"speculation was that bret hart was able to convince the backstage crew that he had been accidentally ""busted open,"" but ric flair was caught blading directly on camera and was fined several thousand dollars."
beautiful carved cherry wood railings, wainscoting, and moldings line the halls, along with hand-sculpted carpeting.	ornate carved cherry wood railings, wainscoting, and moldings line the halls, along with hand-sculpted carpeting.
the 9‑12 school is located on a beautiful 280‑acre (1.1 km²) campus in hightstown, new jersey.	the 9‑12 school is located on a 280‑acre (1.1 km²) campus in hightstown, new jersey.
highlands is known for it's dynastic football program, which has produced nfl players jared lorenzen and derek smith.	highlands is known for it's football program, which has produced nfl players jared lorenzen and derek smith.
another interesting community was that of asti, fossano and moncalvo, which was descended from jews expelled from france in 1394: this community includes the well-known lattes family.	another distinctive community was that of asti, fossano and moncalvo, which was descended from jews expelled from france in 1394: this community includes the well-known lattes family.
"the group was founded in 1966 by its director, evy luco crdova, whose founding members included gloria tristani, who went on to become the first hispanic member of the federal communications commission during president clinton's administration, and giannina braschi, the prominent puerto rican writer who chronicles her experiences with evy luco and the san juan's children's choir in her novel ""yo-yo boing!"""	"the group was founded in 1966 by its director, evy luco crdova, whose founding members included gloria tristani, who went on to become the first hispanic member of the federal communications commission during president clinton's administration, and giannina braschi, the puerto rican writer who chronicles her experiences with evy luco and the san juan's children's choir in her novel ""yo-yo boing!"""
osama bin laden ( ; with numerous variations) (born 10 march 1957) is a member of the prominent saudi bin laden family and the founder of the terrorist organization al-qaeda, best known for the september 11 attacks on the united states and is also the most wanted person in the world.	osama bin laden ( ; with numerous variations) (born 10 march 1957) is a member of the prominent saudi bin laden family and the founder of the islamic extremist organization al-qaeda, best known for the september 11 attacks on the united states and is also the most wanted person in the world.
it was shown to be susceptible even to a ciphertext-only attack in 2000 (knudsen and rijmen, 2000).	it was shown to be susceptible to a ciphertext-only attack in 2000 (knudsen and rijmen, 2000).
the unavoidable comparison between the two regimes is driven by the facts that both regimes were seen as more alike than not by many contemporaries, the pivotal role played by the two regimes in shaping european history and the start of world war 2, that the two regimes were unarguably the most murderous in history and finally the histories of all east european nations can only be fully comprehended with some form comparison of nazi and soviet rule.	the comparison between the two regimes is driven by the facts that both regimes were seen as more alike than not by many contemporaries, the pivotal role played by the two regimes in shaping european history and the start of world war 2, that the two regimes were unarguably the most murderous in history and finally the histories of all east european nations can only be fully comprehended with some form comparison of nazi and soviet rule.
finkelstein visited the location of the massacre .	finkelstein visited the location of the bombing .
a forged response to this letter from paul also appears in the acts of paul and is known as the third epistle to the corinthians.	a response to this letter from paul also appears in the acts of paul and is known as the third epistle to the corinthians.
ion luca caragiale (; commonly referred to as i. l. caragiale; – june 9, 1912) was a great romanian playwright, short story writer, poet, theater manager, political commentator and journalist.	ion luca caragiale (; commonly referred to as i. l. caragiale; – june 9, 1912) was a romanian playwright, short story writer, poet, theater manager, political commentator and journalist.
unfortunately , he never had an opportunity to fly it in combat as he was killed just days before it entered service.	however , he never had an opportunity to fly it in combat as he was killed just days before it entered service.
exercpts from the death video were widely distributed on several news broadcasters.	excerpts from the death video were widely distributed on several news broadcasters.
yane ivanov sandanski or jane ivanov sandanski (may 18, 1872 april 22, 1915), was a macedonian revolutionary recognised as a national hero in bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.	yane ivanov sandanski or jane ivanov sandanski (may 18, 1872 april 22, 1915), was a revolutionary recognised as a national hero in bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.
the saying appears several times in the holy bible	the saying appears several times in the bible
other proclaimed reasons for the invasion included iraq's financial support for the families of palestinian suicide bombers, iraqi government human rights abuses, and an effort to spread democracy to the country.	other stated reasons for the invasion included iraq's financial support for the families of palestinian suicide bombers, iraqi government human rights abuses, and an effort to spread democracy to the country.
george w. bush signing the partial-birth abortion ban act of 2003, surrounded by male senators and congressmen.	george w. bush signing the partial-birth abortion ban act of 2003, surrounded by senators and congressmen.
hence the unusual date format used in the example.	hence the iso date format used in the example.
"in fact, the proud tradition of lawyers representing unpopular clients extends back before the founding of the country, to john adams's defense of the bristish soldiers involved in the boston massacre; adams later wrote that it was ""one of the best pieces of service i ever rendered my country."""	"in fact, the tradition of lawyers representing unpopular clients extends back before the founding of the country, to john adams's defense of the bristish soldiers involved in the boston massacre; adams later wrote that it was ""one of the best pieces of service i ever rendered my country."""
andrews and butler continued with the tour of europe as 'death' regardless and recruited roadies walter trachsler (guitar) and louie carrisalez (vocals) to replace schuldiner, much to schuldiner's self-righteous shock and disgust.	andrews and butler continued with the tour of europe as 'death' regardless and recruited roadies walter trachsler (guitar) and louie carrisalez (vocals) to replace schuldiner, much to schuldiner's shock and disgust.
the primary issue which was addressed related to the requirement of ritual circumcision, as the author of acts relates, but other matters arose as well, as the apostolic decree indicates.	the primary issue which was addressed related to the requirement of circumcision, as the author of acts relates, but other matters arose as well, as the apostolic decree indicates.
he counts nicolas sarkozy, george w. bush and jos mara aznar as friends .	he counts nicolas sarkozy, george w. bush and jos mara aznar as contacts .
edwin poots mla (born 27 april 1965) is a northern irish politician.	edwin poots mla (born 27 april 1965) is a northern ireland politician.
coulter has been accused of several instances of plagiarism, though the publisher of her latest books and syndicator of her weekly column have naturally dismissed the charges as meritless.	coulter has been accused of several instances of plagiarism, though the publisher of her latest books and syndicator of her weekly column have dismissed the charges as meritless.
gender equality in relationships has been improving over the years but for the majority of relationships, the power lies with the male.	gender equality in relationships has been growing over the years but for the majority of relationships, the power lies with the male.
it won the prestigious carnegie medal in literature in 1956.	it won the carnegie medal in literature in 1956.
the letter criticizes merkel's poor reaction to the snowden revelations and demands a more robust response.	the letter criticizes merkel's reaction to the snowden revelations and demands a more robust response.
the goldman sachs group, inc. is a global investment banking and securities firm which engages in fraudulent investment banking, securities services, investment management and other financial services primarily with institutional clients.	the goldman sachs group, inc. is a global investment banking and securities firm which engages in investment banking, securities services, investment management and other financial services primarily with institutional clients.
eventually the former marines were tried and convicted in early 1996.	the former marines were tried and convicted in early 1996.
it is distinguished from political campaigning in that campaigning attempts to change likely voting behavior by changing the opinions of potential voters through persuasion and organization.	it is distinguished from political ycampaigning in that campaigning attempts to change likely voting behavior by changing the opinions of potential voters through persuasion and organization.
"jerard aloysius ""jerry"" jacks was a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital."	"jerard aloysius ""jerry"" jacks was a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital."
"damien answers coldly , ""i shot chris reilly in the heart."	"damien answers, ""i shot chris reilly in the heart."
the train has become a hot potato in danish politics, mainly because of the long delay in delivery from ansaldo breda.	the train has become a hot issue in danish politics, mainly because of the long delay in delivery from ansaldo breda.
allen crane was best known for its line-up of veteran artists which included keyboardist steve rossi , virtuoso bassist john billings and cinderella drummer fred coury.	allen crane was best known for its line-up of veteran artists which included keyboardist steve rossi , bassist john billings and cinderella drummer fred coury.
aishwarya is presently under the expert guidance of violinist nadayogi sri.	aishwarya is presently under the guidance of violinist nadayogi sri.
in the aggregate, the effect of these decisions en masse is described by the natural law of supply and demand.	in the aggregate, the effect of these decisions en masse is described by the law of supply and demand.
on october 19, anonymous law enforcement sources said that fbi interviews with at least 40 former pages involved in the case had not found evidence of sex crimes violations by mark foley.the fbi identified a pattern where foley began courting the pages at age 16 or 17 but waited until they 18 to have sex.	on october 19, anonymous law enforcement sources said that fbi interviews with at least 40 former pages involved in the case had not found evidence of sex crimes violations by mark foley.the fbi identified a pattern where foley began seducing the pages at age 16 or 17 but waited until they 18 to have sex.
"in many circles, the emphasis has rightfully shifted off of one ""anointed"" person ministering to the sick, but rather, having the congregation praying."	"in many circles, the emphasis has shifted off of one ""anointed"" person ministering to the sick, but rather, having the congregation praying."
to obtain the compound, uranium dioxide is threated with hydrofluoric acid, to produce uranium tetrafluoride, which is oxidized by fluorine to give uranium hexafluoride.	to obtain the compound, uranium dioxide is treated with hydrofluoric acid, to produce uranium tetrafluoride, which is oxidized by fluorine to give uranium hexafluoride.
george pratt shultz (born december 13, 1920) is an american economist, statesman , and businessman.	george pratt shultz (born december 13, 1920) is an american economist, politician , and businessman.
in 1969 and 1970, anderson was an ivy league cross country first team selection, and was a division i track and field all-american in 1971. jon was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.	in 1969 and 1970, anderson was an ivy league cross country first team selection, and was a division i track and field all-american in 1971. jon was elected to the sphinx head society.
the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film that argues against the scientific consensus that human activity is the main cause of global warming.	the great global warming swindle is an intentionally controversial documentary film that argues against the scientific consensus that human activity is the main cause of global warming.
electrified third rail propulsion with exclusive right-of-way, frequent headway service and pre-paid fare card access) and really should be considered more a hybrid of these service types.	electrified third rail propulsion with exclusive right-of-way, frequent headway service and pre-paid fare card access) and perhaps instead should be considered more a hybrid of these service types.
the battle of kumanovo on 2324 october 1912 was a battle during the first balkan war.	the battle of kumanovo on 2324 october 1912 was an important battle during the first balkan war.
in fact, mason is jewish though not associated with jews for jesus.	in fact, mason is jewish and not associated with jews for jesus.
"he acknowledged a political motive only ""seems likely"" and that his ""intimidation of a wider audience"" criteria was met when the shooter allegedly left someone alive to spread an unspecified message."	"he acknowledged a political motive ""seems likely"" and that his ""intimidation of a wider audience"" criteria was met when the shooter allegedly left someone alive to spread an unspecified message."
george w. bush, unfortunatedly u.s. president 2001–, his first lady laura welch bush, and their daughters:	george w. bush, u.s. president 2001–, his first lady laura welch bush, and their daughters:
the band specializes in playing lounge covers of recent popular rock and rap tunes, especially those with offensive lyrical content.	the band specializes in playing lounge covers of recent popular rock and rap tunes, including those with offensive lyrical content.
a fringe group of modern-day breslovers, colloquially known as na nachs, use the na nach nachma nachman meuman mantra, which is based on the hebrew letters of nachman's name.	a spin-off group of modern-day breslovers, colloquially known as na nachs, use the na nach nachma nachman meuman mantra, which is based on the hebrew letters of nachman's name.
sloan left memphis to become head coach at the citadel, where he built the program from being a laughingstock to as good a record as 15-5 in 1959. his first bulldog team in 1957 won the george mikan award for most improved team in the nation and he was named the coach of the year by the south carolina sportswriters association that year.	sloan left memphis to become head coach at the citadel, where he built the program from being a conference also-rann to as good a record as 15-5 in 1959. his first bulldog team in 1957 won the george mikan award for most improved team in the nation and he was named the coach of the year by the south carolina sportswriters association that year.
"according to many muslims, one of the important doctrines of islam is ""la ikraha fiddeen"" (quran, 2:256), meaning ""no compulsion (or coercion) in religion""."	"according to some muslims, one of the important doctrines of islam is ""la ikraha fiddeen"" (quran, 2:256), meaning ""no compulsion (or coercion) in religion""."
"works made for hire a simple detailed explanation of ""works made for hire"" provided at worksmadeforhire.com."	"works made for hire a useful detailed explanation of ""works made for hire"" provided at worksmadeforhire.com."
a termite (also incorrectly known as a white ant) is any member of the order isoptera, a group of social insects that eat wood and other cellulose-rich vegetable matter.	a termite (also known as a white ant) is any member of the order isoptera, a group of social insects that eat wood and other cellulose-rich vegetable matter.
in 2011, earth hours iconic global lights out event, some of the worlds most recognized landmarks, including the forbidden city, eiffel tower, buckingham palace, golden gate bridge, table mountain, christ the redeemer statue and sydney opera house switched off their lights.	in 2011, earth hours global lights out event, some of the worlds most recognized landmarks, including the forbidden city, eiffel tower, buckingham palace, golden gate bridge, table mountain, christ the redeemer statue and sydney opera house switched off their lights.
the u.s. department of education, in a 2004 study , also cited occidental college's use of formally race-neutral outreach programs in order to achieve desired levels of racial diversity in the student body without resorting to overt racial discrimination against individual applicants.	the u.s. department of education, in a 2004 study , also cited occidental college's use of formally race-neutral outreach programs in order to achieve desired levels of racial diversity in the student body without resorting to racial discrimination against individual applicants.
due to differences in doctrines, many christian churches consider the lds church to be distinct from the historic apostolic tradition of christianity.	due to differences in doctrines, a few contemporary christian churches consider the lds church to be distinct from the historic apostolic tradition of christianity.
it was valentine browne, 4th earl of kenmare, who decided to build a new mansion on a hillside with spectacular views of lough leane in 1872. the old manor, kenmare house, was demolished and an elizabethan-revival manor house on a more elevated site erected.	it was valentine browne, 4th earl of kenmare, who decided to build a new mansion on a hillside with views of lough leane in 1872. the old manor, kenmare house, was demolished and an elizabethan-revival manor house on a more elevated site erected.
", she argues that the concept of value"" implies an answer to the questions, ""of value to whom and for what?"""	", she claimed that the concept of value"" implies an answer to the questions, ""of value to whom and for what?"""
some of her legendary law clients were billie holiday and charlie parker.	some of her law clients were billie holiday and charlie parker.
slavoj iek's notoriety in academic circles has increased rapidly, especially since he began publishing widely in english.	slavoj iek's fame in academic circles has increased rapidly, especially since he began publishing widely in english.
he was a bodyguard and personal friend of joseph smith, the restorer of the latter day saint church.	he was a bodyguard and personal friend of joseph smith, the founder of the latter day saint church.
the start of the international season saw england thrash bangladesh two-nil in their two-match series, winning both tests by an innings.	the start of the international season saw england defeat bangladesh two-nil in their two-match series, winning both tests by an innings.
allegations of antisemitism and illegitimate criticism of israel	allegations of antisemitism and criticism of israel
it was released on the 15th september 2003, accompanied by a stunning promo video with rachel and a few dancers tied up in a lot of red ribbons.	it was released on the 15th september 2003, accompanied by a promo video with rachel and a few dancers tied up in a lot of red ribbons.
it is a most imposing ruin in a wonderful situation commanding a long view down to girne and the sea.	it is a most imposing ruin in a wonderful situation commanding a long view down to kyrenia and the sea.
donna is found dead by dot on 13 april 1989. few mourn her passing .	donna is found dead by dot on 13 april 1989. few mourn her death .
lastpass - offers better password management, portability and security.	lastpass - offers password management, portability and security.
doctor octopus (otto octavius) is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	doctor octopus (otto octavius) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
the sack of 455 was the second of three sacks of rome; it was executed by the vandals, who were then at war with the usurping western roman emperor petronius maximus.	the sack of 455 was the second of three sacks of rome; it was conducted by the vandals, who were then at war with the usurping western roman emperor petronius maximus.
in hindu tradition the creation of the tamil language is credited to the rig vedic sage rishi agastya, a view that pseudo- secular linguists would interpret as a myth designed to link dravidians to vedic indo-aryan culture.	in hindu tradition the creation of the tamil language is credited to the rig vedic sage rishi agastya, a view that secular linguists would interpret as a myth designed to link dravidians to vedic indo-aryan culture.
she is best known for performing in 1920s comedies directed by jack white, norman taurog, and mack sennett.	she is known for performing in 1920s comedies directed by jack white, norman taurog, and mack sennett.
two notable low-budget animated batman fan films include batman: new times (2005) by the graduating class 2004 of dave school, a 12-minute cgi film based on models of art asylum's toyline with voices by adam west himself , mark hamill, dick van dyke, and courtney thorne-smith, and the 2003 movie batman: revenge (the batman lego film) which is credited by batman fan films as being the first batman lego fan film and the production that brought batman fan films into the art of stop-motion animation.	two notable low-budget animated batman fan films include batman: new times (2005) by the graduating class 2004 of dave school, a 12-minute cgi film based on models of art asylum's toyline with voices by adam west, mark hamill, dick van dyke, and courtney thorne-smith, and the 2003 movie batman: revenge (the batman lego film) which is credited by batman fan films as being the first batman lego fan film and the production that brought batman fan films into the art of stop-motion animation.
receiving only 51% of the vote, he replaced retiring republican representative jennifer dunn.	receiving 51% of the vote, he replaced retiring republican representative jennifer dunn.
edward theodore chalmers werner (18641954) was a noted british diplomat in qing dynasty china and sinologist specialising in superstition, myths and magic in china.	edward theodore chalmers werner (18641954) was a british diplomat in qing dynasty china and sinologist specialising in superstition, myths and magic in china.
"he was a close friend of director ishiro honda, who directed the kaiju masterpiece ""gojira."""	"he was a close friend of director ishiro honda, who directed the kaiju classic ""gojira."""
"despite being unfairly expelled from the scottish football association for ""professionalism"" in 1890 (albeit not helping their case by playing a fund raising friendly match as ""edinburgh saints"" against renton f.c."	"despite being expelled from the scottish football association for ""professionalism"" in 1890 (albeit not helping their case by playing a fund raising friendly match as ""edinburgh saints"" against renton f.c."
haskins was the first dean of the school, a post he held until his passing in 1903.	haskins was the first dean of the school, a post he held until his death in 1903.
a patent ( or ) is a set of exclusive rights granted by a sovereign state to an inventor or their assignee for a limited period of time, in exchange for the public disclosure of the invention.	a patent ( or ) is a set of exclusive rights granted by a sovereign state to an inventor or assignee for a limited period of time, in exchange for the public disclosure of the invention.
in addition, the organization has not honored removal requests, and sb woo has been known to send bizarre messages when replied to.	in addition, the organization has not honored removal requests, and sb woo has been known to send messages when replied to.
beyonc unexpectedly released her self-titled fifth studio album through the itunes store on december 13, 2013, notably without prior announcement.	beyonc unexpectedly released her self-titled fifth studio album through the itunes store on december 13, 2013, without prior announcement.
during the 2001-02 season, detroit extended the nations's longest homecourt winning streak to a remarkable school record of 39 games before falling to uwgreen bay, 65-61, on feb. 11, 2002.	during the 2001-02 season, detroit extended the nations's longest homecourt winning streak to a school record of 39 games before falling to uwgreen bay, 65-61, on feb. 11, 2002.
he was crushed a second time when, in an effort to clear the accident scene, a winch cable snapped and the vehicle was clumsily dropped back onto the body.	he was crushed a second time when, in an effort to clear the accident scene, a winch cable snapped and the vehicle was dropped back onto the body.
"in this book, they argue that: (1) there was an erasure in jefferson's farm book in the section on slaves born in 1790; (2) thomas jefferson's record of gifts in the years 1800 and 1801 indicates that gifts were given to a 'servant' named thomas (callender's ""tom"" would have been 10 years old at the time of the gifts); (3) historian joseph ellis' early entry into the reporting process was unethical because dr. foster (the dna test organizer) had promised the dna test participants that historians would not be involved with the test or the reporting, but lost control of the process."	"in this book, they argue that: (1) there was an erasure in jefferson's farm book in the section on slaves born in 1790; (2) thomas jefferson's record of gifts in the years 1800 and 1801 indicates that gifts were given to a 'servant' named thomas (callender's ""tom"" would have been 10 years old at the time of the gifts); (3) historian joseph ellis' early entry into the reporting process was open to criticism because dr. foster (the dna test organizer) had promised the dna test participants that historians would not be involved with the test or the reporting, but lost control of the process."
on april 2, 1975, liberation (nlf/prg/vpa) forces captured the city.	on april 2, 1975, communist (nlf/prg/vpa) forces captured the city.
hamish mcdonald is a print journalist and author of a series of polemic political commentaries on various asia-pacific subjects .	hamish mcdonald is a print journalist and author of a series of political commentaries on various asia-pacific subjects .
even though the information is incomplete, the raw numbers are highly compelling that police officers are much more likely to commit suicide than other occupations.	even though the information is incomplete, the raw numbers are highly compelling that police officers are more likely to commit suicide than other occupations.
pagan burial place; also called toomebridge) is a small village in county antrim, bordering county antrim and county derry , northern ireland, on the northwest corner of lough neagh.	pagan burial place; also called toomebridge) is a small village in county antrim, bordering county antrim and county londonderry , northern ireland, on the northwest corner of lough neagh.
"crazy mika"", while falsely asserting that she was ""bleeding badly from a face-lift""."	"crazy mika"", while asserting that she was ""bleeding badly from a face-lift""."
in the notorious 'meatrack' on fire island pines, new york, a man trolls for sex.	in the notorious 'meatrack' on fire island pines, new york, a man cruises for sex.
a leading figure in the pro- life side of the portuguese abortion referendum, 2007, marcelo launched a youtube video explaining his reasons.	a leading figure in the pro- criminalization side of the portuguese abortion referendum, 2007, marcelo launched a youtube video explaining his reasons.
more recently, in 2005's walk the line, robert patrick plays the abusive father of johnny cash.	more recently, in 2005's walk the line, robert patrick plays the faulted father of johnny cash.
"germaine greer, writing in the new statesman, noted ""baxter and cosslett took a leaf out of the golden notebook of arianna huffington when they accepted submissions to their blog and published them without payment or full credit (the vagendas policy is to include the authors initials but not their full name) ... the six figure advance paid for the book will presumably not be shared with those who helped to build the brand."""	"germaine greer, writing in the new statesman, claimed ""baxter and cosslett took a leaf out of the golden notebook of arianna huffington when they accepted submissions to their blog and published them without payment or full credit (the vagendas policy is to include the authors initials but not their full name) ... the six figure advance paid for the book will presumably not be shared with those who helped to build the brand."""
today the excesses of his government are widely blamed for causing the deaths of perhaps 1.5 million cambodians.	today the policies of his government are widely blamed for causing the deaths of perhaps 1.5 million cambodians.
fidel castro, former dictator of cuba	fidel castro, former president of cuba
as taught by master nan huaijin, the nianfo is chanted slowly, and the mind is emptied out after each repetition.	as taught by venerable nan huaijin, the nianfo is chanted slowly, and the mind is emptied out after each repetition.
29 july 1929) is a famous dutch author, poet and columnist.	29 july 1929) is a dutch author, poet and columnist.
"the golpe borghese was a failed italian coup d'tat allegedly planned for the night of 7 or 8 december 1970. it was named after junio valerio borghese, an italian world war ii commander of the notorious x mas unit, the ""black prince"", convicted of fightin with nazi germany but not of war crimes, but still a hero in the eyes of many post-war italian fascists."	"the golpe borghese was a failed italian coup d'tat allegedly planned for the night of 7 or 8 december 1970. it was named after junio valerio borghese, an italian world war ii commander of the x mas unit, the ""black prince"", convicted of fightin with nazi germany but not of war crimes, but still a hero in the eyes of many post-war italian fascists."
it has been a keystone in the development of world civilization and the location of many great civilizations.	it has been a keystone in the development of world civilization and the location of many civilizations.
she will star as a policewoman in prakash jha's jai gangaajal, a sequel to the 2003 political thriller gangaajal, and feature alongside fawad khan in reema kagti's romance mr. chaloo.	she will star as a police officer in prakash jha's jai gangaajal, a sequel to the 2003 political thriller gangaajal, and feature alongside fawad khan in reema kagti's romance mr. chaloo.
after winning second prize at the leeds international piano competition and first prize at the vianna da motta international music competition (ex-aequo with nelson freire), and especially after his brilliant victory at the ninth international tchaikovsky competition in moscow (first prize ex-aequo with john lill), his career as a pianist began.	after winning second prize at the leeds international piano competition and first prize at the vianna da motta international music competition (ex-aequo with nelson freire), and especially after his victory at the ninth international tchaikovsky competition in moscow (first prize ex-aequo with john lill), his career as a pianist began.
fortunately there were those who articulated a more balanced recognition of the significance of this author's life and works.	however, there were those who articulated a more balanced recognition of the significance of this author's life and works.
the video at this point does a clever transition to the past where it is suggested fergie came to this same restaurant with her friends before her glamorous life.	the video at this point does a transition to the past where it is suggested fergie came to this same restaurant with her friends before her glamorous life.
psychologists such as ray hyman, stanley krippner, and james alcock have criticized both the methods used and the results obtained in parapsychology, suggesting that methodological flaws explain any apparent experimental successes.	psychologists such as ray hyman, stanley krippner, and james alcock have criticized both the methods used and the results obtained in parapsychology, stating that methodological flaws explain any apparent experimental successes.
it has raised 36 million from the private sector while receiving only 4.5 million from the irish health service.	it has raised 36 million from the private sector while receiving 4.5 million from the irish health service.
my name is rachel corrie is a play based on the diaries and emails of peace- activist rachel corrie, who was killed by an idf soldier when she was aged 23. it was jointly edited by journalist katharine viner and actor alan rickman who also directed it.	my name is rachel corrie is a play based on the diaries and emails of activist rachel corrie, who was killed by an idf soldier when she was aged 23. it was jointly edited by journalist katharine viner and actor alan rickman who also directed it.
only 27.8 % of the citizens have public insurance (16.5 % solely, 11.3 % also have a private one), but yet the costs of public health care are significantly higher than those in europe, where people mostly use public health care	27.8 % of the citizens have public insurance (16.5 % solely, 11.3 % also have a private one), but yet the costs of public health care are significantly higher than those in europe, where people mostly use public health care
"yuna is a rare female first name from the bretagne region of france, a translation of the french ""jeanne""."	"yuna is a female first name from the bretagne region of france, a translation of the french ""jeanne""."
this is commonly used to refer to the way the mass media, in particular advertising, portrays women as sex objects (although this treatment now increasingly also extends to men).	this is commonly used to refer to the way the mass media, in particular advertising, is perceived by some as portraying women as sex objects (although this treatment now increasingly also extends to men).
200309: film career boom	200309: film career
chempanoda is beautiful village in kozhikode, kerala.	chempanoda is a village in kozhikode, kerala.
its bizarre name derives from a family named dolphyn who once owned a storehouse there.	its name derives from a family named dolphyn who once owned a storehouse there.
due to his citizenship status dotcom was ineligible to become a member of parliament, and instead a well-regarded veteran of left-wing politics and trade unions in new zealand, laila harr, was chosen to fill the role of leader of the internet party.	due to his citizenship status dotcom was ineligible to become a member of parliament, and instead a veteran of left-wing politics and trade unions in new zealand, laila harr, was chosen to fill the role of leader of the internet party.
she is known in particular for her pro abortion choice campaigning since the 1990s, and her high media profile.	she is known in particular for her pro - choice campaigning since the 1990s, and her high media profile.
cuba remained a colony of spain until the spanishamerican war of 1898, after which it was briefly administered by the united states until gaining nominal independence in 1902. the fragile republic endured increasingly radical politics and social strife, and despite efforts to strengthen its democratic system, cuba came under the dictatorship of former president fulgencio batista in 1952. growing unrest and instability led to batista's ousting in january 1959 by the july 26 movement, which afterwards established a socialist government under the leadership of fidel castro.	cuba remained a colony of spain until the spanishamerican war of 1898, after which it was briefly administered by the united states until gaining nominal independence in 1902. the fragile republic endured increasingly radical politics and social strife, and despite efforts to strengthen its democratic system, cuba came under the dictatorship of former president fulgencio batista in 1952. growing unrest and instability led to batista's ousting in january 1959 by the july 26 movement, which afterwards established a government under the leadership of fidel castro.
he briefly attended a catholic church in the 1920s, and was disillusioned by its intellectual straitjacket of thomism.	he briefly attended a catholic church in the 1920s, and was disillusioned by what he perceived to be the intellectual straitjacket of thomism .
the video is also mixed with intriguing images of teenagers throwing grenades of smoking colour at buildings; arulpragasam's live backup singer ms. cherry provocatively grinding against a chain-linked fence and giggling children playing in dirty streets and damp landscapes.	the video is also mixed with images of teenagers throwing grenades of smoking colour at buildings; arulpragasam's live backup singer ms. cherry provocatively grinding against a chain-linked fence and giggling children playing in dirty streets and damp landscapes.
in 2000 rackoff attracted controversy for an e-mail sent to departmental colleagues on the anniversary of the montreal massacre in response to feminists questionably promoting an end to violence against women.	in 2000 rackoff attracted controversy for an e-mail sent to departmental colleagues on the anniversary of the montreal massacre in response to feminists promoting an end to violence against women.
there have been other claims of abuse of the peer-review system.	there have been other reports of abuse of the peer-review system.
michael angelo batio (ipa: ) is an american virtuoso heavy metal guitarist from chicago, illinois.	michael angelo batio (ipa: ) is an american heavy metal guitarist from chicago, illinois.
"this classic episode begins on a game show, with a couple winning a trip to south park for the ""cow days"" festival."	"this episode begins on a game show, with a couple winning a trip to south park for the ""cow days"" festival."
muhammad (, also transliterated mohammad, mohammed, muhammed, and sometimes mahomet, following the latin or turkish), was the final prophet of islam.	muhammad (, also transliterated mohammad, mohammed, muhammed, and sometimes mahomet, following the latin or turkish), is believed by muslims to be the final prophet of islam.
among the people whose ages are verified by the gerontology research group, as of 29 october 2015 there are only four people (all female) still alive who were born in the 19th century.	among the people whose ages are verified by the gerontology research group, as of 29 october 2015 there are four people (all female) still alive who were born in the 19th century.
ellie laine is a comedienne best known for her sexually explicit stand-up comedy and her appearances on panel shows in the 1980s.	ellie laine is a comedian best known for her sexually explicit stand-up comedy and her appearances on panel shows in the 1980s.
narodowe odrodzenie polski (nop) (national rebirth of poland) is a third positionist, nationalist marginal political party in poland.	narodowe odrodzenie polski (nop) (national rebirth of poland) is a third positionist, nationalist , political party in poland.
it is believed that the sea air appealed to him, as well as the industrial scenes that were very different from the satanic mills of lancashire.	it is believed that the sea air appealed to him, as well as the industrial scenes that were very different from the cotton mills of lancashire.
light stretching before the race helps keep muscles limber.	light stretching before the race is believed by many to help keep muscles limber.
the glade top trail is recognized and known throughout missouri and includes a camping area as well as a covered picnic area with a breathtaking view.	the glade top trail is recognized and known throughout missouri and includes a camping area as well as a covered picnic area with a scenic view.
thirty years earlier his predecessor, the revd thomas nowell, had to respond to a different influence - the sudden collapse in 1866 of some major city investment banks which resulted in the swift demise of the local shipyard industry, tragically followed by the great cholera epidemic in the same year.	thirty years earlier his predecessor, the revd thomas nowell, had to respond to a different influence - the sudden collapse in 1866 of some major city investment banks which resulted in the swift demise of the local shipyard industry, followed by the great cholera epidemic in the same year.
as of now, the pricing of broadband is unregulated, and part of the net neutrality debate is over whether or not there should be pricing limitations the two most common concerns map has with net neutrality are that service providers may provide preferential treatment to certain aspects of their network or may block access to certain kinds of applications.	as of now, the pricing of broadband is unregulated, and part of the net neutrality debate is whether or not there should be pricing limitations the two most common concerns map has with net neutrality are that service providers may provide preferential treatment to certain aspects of their network or may block access to certain kinds of applications.
osservatorio alle acque, which is a weather monitoring institution of the region sicily in italy, has allegedly recorded in catenanuova the temperature of 48.5c, although due to non compliance with wmo standards it is not universally recognized as a record .	osservatorio alle acque, which is a weather monitoring institution of the region sicily in italy, has recorded in catenanuova the temperature of 48.5c, although due to non compliance with wmo standards it is not universally recognized as a record .
its expert military and diplomatic power ensured inadvertently that western europe remained safe from many of the more devastating invasions from the east, at a time when the western christian kingdoms might have had difficulty containing them (this role was mirrored in the north by the russian states of kiev, vladimir-suzdal and novgorod).	its expert military and diplomatic power ensured that western europe remained safe from many of the more devastating invasions from the east, at a time when the western christian kingdoms might have had difficulty containing them (this role was mirrored in the north by the russian states of kiev, vladimir-suzdal and novgorod).
the following is a list of minor in the bbc science fiction television series torchwood, including supporting characters, and important human villains.	the following is a list of characters in the bbc science fiction television series torchwood, including supporting characters, and important human villains.
a copy of a manuscript, however, is only as good as the text being copied, and all of the manuscripts with mark 16:9-20 may simply be copies of the same non-marcan addition.	a copy of a manuscript, however, is only as good as the text being copied, and all of the texts with mark 16:9-20 may simply be copies of the same non-marcan addition.
the lines ambiguously drawn by the treaty of tordesillas dividing the globe between spain and portugal.	the lines drawn by the treaty of tordesillas dividing the globe between spain and portugal.
his conversion to the roman catholic form of christianity served to set him apart from the other germanic kings of his time, such as those of the visigoths and the vandals, who had converted from pagan beliefs to arian christianity.	his conversion to the roman catholic form of christianity served to set him apart from the other germanic kings of his time, such as those of the visigoths and the vandals, who had converted from their ancestral german, indo-european beliefs to arian christianity.
blue coat proxies are used by the dictatorial syrian government to filter the country's internet.	blue coat proxies are used by the syrian government to filter the country's internet.
"advertising for ""flexible hours"" with constant harassment from managers to make appointments and sell."	"advertising for ""flexible hours"" with constant pressure from managers to make appointments and sell."
even the bible appears to contain a mondegreen, after a fashion.	the bible appears to contain a mondegreen, after a fashion.
ninja tune's sister imprints, ntone ( rip ) and big dada, specialise in experimental electronic music and uk hip hop, respectively.	ninja tune's sister imprints, ntone ( now defunct ) and big dada, specialise in experimental electronic music and uk hip hop, respectively.
yungchen fled occupied tibet in 1989. she has made pilgrimage to dharamsala, to receive the blessings of the dalai lama, (where he heads the tibetan government in exile).	yungchen fled tibet in 1989. she has made pilgrimage to dharamsala, to receive the blessings of the dalai lama, (where he heads the tibetan government in exile).
mone is one of the highest paid business speakers in the uk demanding up to 25,000 per speech within the uk.	mone is one of the highest paid business speakers in the uk seeking up to 25,000 per speech within the uk.
as the commander in chief and president of the council of command of the lf, chef fouad refused to spill christian blood, so he rejected the shamful agreement imposed by syria (tripartite agreement) in 1985. fortunately, he was only lightly wounded in the attack resulting from the agreement fighting in 1986. as the chief of the kataeb regional offices, he opposed the taef agreement in 1989, and the syrian tutelage (treaty of fraternity, co-operation and coordination) in 1991. because of this opposition, his participation in the gatherings in baabda against taef and syria, he had to resign his political office in the party, which had chosen to yield to the pressure of syria.	as the commander in chief and president of the council of command of the lf, chef fouad refused to spill christian blood, so he rejected the agreement imposed by syria (tripartite agreement) in 1985. fortunately, he was only lightly wounded in the attack resulting from the agreement fighting in 1986. as the chief of the kataeb regional offices, he opposed the taef agreement in 1989, and the syrian tutelage (treaty of fraternity, co-operation and coordination) in 1991. because of this opposition, his participation in the gatherings in baabda against taef and syria, he had to resign his political office in the party, which had chosen to yield to the pressure of syria.
the principal detriment was residential displacement via over- priced housing.	the principal detriment was residential displacement via higher priced housing.
italian legend gianluigi buffon, also a goalkeeper, declared he decided to play in that position after seeing n'kono's performances at the 1990 world cup.	italian footballer gianluigi buffon, also a goalkeeper, declared he decided to play in that position after seeing n'kono's performances at the 1990 world cup.
today, the republican party supports a strong pro-business platform, with further foundations in economic libertarianism, nationalism, and a brand of social conservatism increasingly based on the viewpoints of the religious right.	today, the republican party supports a pro-business platform, with further foundations in economic libertarianism, nationalism, and a brand of social conservatism increasingly based on the viewpoints of the religious right.
in northern ireland, members of the royal ulster constabulary and british army, have colluded in the deaths of irish republicans at the hands of different loyalist paramilitary groups.	in northern ireland, members of the royal ulster constabulary and british army, have been involved in the deaths of irish republicans at the hands of different loyalist paramilitary groups.
the following notable deaths occurred in 2001. names are listed under the date of death, not the date it was announced.	the following deaths occurred in 2001. names are listed under the date of death, not the date it was announced.
pandora gibson, bahamian comedienne , storyteller and actress	pandora gibson, bahamian comedian , storyteller and actress
social cynicism results from excessively high expectations concerning society, institutions and authorities: unfulfilled expectations leads to disillusionment, which releases feelings of disappointment and betrayal.	social cynicism results from high expectations concerning society, institutions and authorities: unfulfilled expectations leads to disillusionment, which releases feelings of disappointment and betrayal.
hurley started working as an actress in the late 1980s and became a model in 1995. during the 2000s, she worked unsuccessfully as a reality television presenter in britain.	hurley started working as an actress in the late 1980s and became a model in 1995. during the 2000s, she worked as a reality television presenter in britain.
although shy and will typically attempt to avoid humans, this species has been known to kill or injure humans who corner the animals or agitate them.	although shy and will typically attempt to avoid humans, this species has been known to kill or injure humans who corner the animals , then wound and agitate them.
"european writers assert that in 1827, hungarian nyos jedlik started experimenting with electromagnetic rotating devices which he called ""electromagnetic self-rotors,"" that he used them as illustrative instruments in the universities, and he demonstrated the first real electric motor using electromagnets for both stationary and rotating parts in hungary in 1828. he built an electric motor-propelled vehicle that same year."	"hungarian writers assert that in 1827, hungarian nyos jedlik started experimenting with electromagnetic rotating devices which he called ""electromagnetic self-rotors,"" that he used them as illustrative instruments in the universities, and he demonstrated the first real electric motor using electromagnets for both stationary and rotating parts in hungary in 1828. he built an electric motor-propelled vehicle that same year."
it is situated between springboig and shettleston, and is famously associated with scottish rock band the fratellis, where the band used to play in a studio above a chinese restaurant.	it is situated between springboig and shettleston, and is associated with scottish rock band the fratellis, where the band used to play in a studio above a chinese restaurant.
this time, both a matter for men and a day for damnation were released with all objectionable content restored.	this time, both a matter for men and a day for damnation were released with all redacted content restored.
"she does also appear in one of ern's plays with robert morley as ""tutantessie"" a clear reference to comedienne tessie o'shea who went by the name ""two-ton tessie""."	"she does also appear in one of ern's plays with robert morley as ""tutantessie"" a clear reference to comedian tessie o'shea who went by the name ""two-ton tessie""."
during her years as an argentinian warship, she took part of the so-called revolucin libertadora, shelling oil depots and military facilities around the coastal city of mar del plata, on 19 september 1955. she was accidentally rammed by ara general belgrano on exercises in 1956, which resulted in damage to both cruisers.	during her years as an argentinian warship, she took part of the revolucin libertadora, shelling oil depots and military facilities around the coastal city of mar del plata, on 19 september 1955. she was accidentally rammed by ara general belgrano on exercises in 1956, which resulted in damage to both cruisers.
one such individual is daniel, a hardline nationalist from australia, who works for an organization that provides homes for jews in the overwhelmingly palestinian east jerusalem, israel's illegal annexations of which aren't recognized by any other countries.	one such individual is daniel, a hardline nationalist from australia, who works for an organization that provides homes for jews in the overwhelmingly palestinian east jerusalem, israel's annexations of which aren't recognized by any other countries.
chris potter is a british music producer and mixer, most famous for his work as long-term collaborator and producer of the verve and richard ashcroft.	chris potter is a british music producer and mixer, most known for his work as long-term collaborator and producer of the verve and richard ashcroft.
"when the woman's mother tried to object, klein responded by quoting leviticus 18:22, which refers to male homosexual sex as an ""abomination."""	"when the woman's mother tried to object, klein responded by quoting leviticus 18:22, which refers to homosexual sex as an ""abomination."""
there is also credible evidence of a connection between the jats and yadavas.	there is also evidence of a connection between the jats and yadavas.
however, this joyful mood was ruined by the killings of 11 israeli athletes by palestinian terrorists in an event known as the munich massacre.	however, this joyful mood was marred by the killings of 11 israeli athletes by palestinian terrorists in an event known as the munich massacre.
a colony being tracked by university of washington professor p. dee boersma, about 1,000 miles (1,609 km) south of buenos aires has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past 22 years, leaving just 200,000 breeding pairs.	a colony being tracked by university of washington professor p. dee boersma, about 1,000 miles (1,609 km) south of buenos aires has fallen by more than 20 percent in the past 22 years, leaving 200,000 breeding pairs.
specifically, a scene was shot in the newtown book and record exchange, a small store on newtown's scenic state street.	specifically, a scene was shot in the newtown book and record exchange, a small store on newtown's state street.
george mitchell, wayman's brother had been saved at a foursquare church and invited the grieving couple to a church meeting.	george mitchell, wayman's brother had been converted at a foursquare church and invited the grieving couple to a church meeting.
ellison has a reputation for being excessively abrasive and argumentative, and both fans and detractors alike agree that it is for this that he may be more remembered than for his actual literary works.	ellison has a reputation for being abrasive and argumentative, and both fans and detractors alike agree that it is for this that he may be more remembered than for his actual literary works.
"thomas macaulay, a nineteenth century 's author who was critical of his government policies, wrote of bacon: ""he was never charged, by any accuser entitled to the smallest credit, with licentious habits."""	"thomas macaulay, a nineteenth century author who was critical of his government policies, wrote of bacon: ""he was never charged, by any accuser entitled to the smallest credit, with licentious habits."""
the commission on presidential debates (cpd), a bipartisan non-profit organization, plans to host debates between qualifying presidential and vice-presidential candidates.	the commission on presidential debates (cpd), a non-profit organization, plans to host debates between qualifying presidential and vice-presidential candidates.
reputed martyrdoms of peter and paul	martyrdoms of peter and paul
like many billionaires, soros has used his wealth to promote various political, social, educational and scientific causes, totaling an estimated $11bn up to 2016. however, theories tend to assert that soros is in control of a large portion of the world's wealth and governments, and that he secretly funds a large range of persons and organizations for evil purposes, such as the american anti-fascist protest group antifa.	like many billionaires, soros has used his wealth to promote various political, social, educational and scientific causes, totaling an estimated $11bn up to 2016. however, theories tend to assert that soros is in control of a large portion of the world's wealth and governments, and that he secretly funds a large range of persons and organizations for nefarious purposes, such as the american anti-fascist protest group antifa.
the scene where cartman tells the president how suicide bombers attacked buildings in denmark parodies the fact that many americans know only little about world politics, since the president believes everything cartman says.	the scene where cartman tells the president how suicide bombers attacked buildings in denmark parodies the stereotype that many americans know only little about world politics, since the president believes everything cartman says.
"it is frequently used to describe a government headed by a specific person (""the saddam regime"", ""the bush regime"", or ""the salazar regime"") or based on a particular ideology (""a communist"" regime"", ""a fascist regime"", or ""a military regime"")."	"it is frequently used to describe a government headed by a specific person (""the saddam regime"", ""the castro regime"", or ""the salazar regime"") or based on a particular ideology (""a communist"" regime"", ""a fascist regime"", or ""a military regime"")."
dr. gomez studied in the catholic school in cuba (la salle and la luz) and was arrested at age 16 in 1955 for participating in a rally against the dictatorship of fulgencio batista.	dr. gomez studied in the catholic school in cuba (la salle and la luz) and was arrested at age 16 in 1955 for participating in a rally against the regime of fulgencio batista.
however, the sunlite pool the largest recirculating swimming pool in the world remained open, and remains a legendary recreation center and meeting place for local youth.	however, the sunlite pool the largest recirculating swimming pool in the world remained open, and remains a recreation center and meeting place for local youth.
yao ming of the houston rockets and dwight howard of the orlando magic are examples of current elite centers in the nba.	yao ming of the houston rockets and dwight howard of the orlando magic are examples of current centers in the nba.
agent- centered or agent-neutral	agent- focused or agent-neutral
les patriotes - a brilliant french movie (1994) about mossad.	les patriotes - a french movie (1994) about mossad.
on the fourth anniversary of shalit's kidnapping , the lights of the colosseum were turned off and so were the lights around the old city walls in jerusalem.	on the fourth anniversary of shalit's capture , the lights of the colosseum were turned off and so were the lights around the old city walls in jerusalem.
koren is also a noted composer of israeli popular music.	koren is also a composer of israeli popular music.
keillor gracefully ignored this borish person and gave reagan a warm tribute in the form of a gospel song.	keillor gracefully ignored this person and gave reagan a warm tribute in the form of a gospel song.
"among harshest criticizers of the term corridor was polish pm jozef beck, who in his famous may 5, 1939 speech in polish parliament, said: ""i am insisting that the term pomeranian voivodeship should be used."	"among harshest criticizers of the term corridor was polish pm jozef beck, who in his may 5, 1939 speech in polish parliament, said: ""i am insisting that the term pomeranian voivodeship should be used."
part i asserts that the christian religion is mainly derived from other religions, astronomical assertions, astrological myths, and other traditions.	part i claims that the christian religion is mainly derived from other religions, astronomical assertions, astrological myths, and other traditions.
in 1964, he was called to the pontifical ecclesiastical academy and on 1 january 1967 he entered the diplomatic service of the holy see.	in 1964, he was admitted to the pontifical ecclesiastical academy and on 1 january 1967 he entered the diplomatic service of the holy see.
alt=the defence of the eagle's nest, painting by alexey popov from 1893, depicting the defence of shipka pass|the russian and bulgarian defence of shipka pass was crucial for the liberation of bulgaria.	alt=the defence of the eagle's nest, painting by alexey popov from 1893, depicting the defence of shipka pass|the russian and bulgarian defence of shipka pass was crucial for the independence of bulgaria.
"at the 2012 consultative group meeting of the global facility for disaster reduction and recovery (gfdrr), the haitian delegation shared a ""bottom-up"" approach to disaster reduction and management based on community integration and sustainable development with a cadre of experts from approximately 38 nations."	"at the 2012 consultative group meeting of the global facility for disaster reduction and recovery (gfdrr), the haitian delegation shared a ""bottom-up"" approach to disaster reduction and management based on community integration and sustainable development with a group of experts from approximately 38 nations."
it is either a deep, gloomy place, a pit or abyss used as a dungeon of torment and suffering that resides within hades or the entire underworld with hades being the hellish component.	it is either a deep, gloomy place, a pit or abyss used as a dungeon of torment and suffering that resides within hades or the entire underworld with tartarus being the hellish component.
many areas of lagos, such as festac, contain many shady cyber cafs that serve scammers; many cyber cafs seal their doors during afterhours, such as from 10:30 pm to 7:00 am, so that scammers inside may work without fear of discovery.	many areas of lagos, such as festac, contain many cyber cafs that serve scammers; many cyber cafs seal their doors during afterhours, such as from 10:30 pm to 7:00 am, so that scammers inside may work without fear of discovery.
in 2005, the mp7 was also adopted by the elite uk ministry of defence police as their weapon of choice.	in 2005, the mp7 was also adopted by the uk ministry of defence police as their weapon of choice.
in his the fabrication of aboriginal history, the first book of a projected multi-volume revision of frontier encounters between white colonizers and aborigines, windschuttle rejects the last 3 decades of historical scholarship which had challenged the traditional view of aboriginal passivity in the face of european colonization.	in his the fabrication of aboriginal history, the first book of a projected multi-volume examination of frontier encounters between white colonizers and aborigines, windschuttle rejects the last 3 decades of historical scholarship which had challenged the traditional view of aboriginal passivity in the face of european colonization.
after the disaster , the surviving employees moved to temporary headquarters in the vicinity.	after the event , the surviving employees moved to temporary headquarters in the vicinity.
the wallburg offers a breathtaking view of eltmann, the steigerwald and main river valley, and the top is accessible via an internal staircase.	the wallburg offers a panoramic view of eltmann, the steigerwald and main river valley, and the top is accessible via an internal staircase.
the high street is a conservation area with many fascinating colloquial buildings either side of a sharp climb towards the city.	the high street is a conservation area with many colloquial buildings either side of a sharp climb towards the city.
recently, ms. steinem has signed the call of the anti- fascist group the world can't wait--drive out the bush regime.	recently, ms. steinem has signed the call of the anti- bush group the world can't wait--drive out the bush regime.
most stops are for refreshment, usually required due to the ridiculously long queues to get over the one lane bridge, at one of the establishments located around the square.	most stops are for refreshment, usually required due to the long queues to get over the one lane bridge, at one of the establishments located around the square.
"new york times reviewer gerald jonas praised the novel, saying that ""dick skillfully explores the psychological ramifications of this nightmare,"" but concludes that the story's concluding unconvincing rationalization of its events is ""an artistic miscalculation and a major flaw in an otherwise superb novel."""	"new york times reviewer gerald jonas praised the novel, saying that ""dick skillfully explores the psychological ramifications of this nightmare,"" but concludes that the story's concluding rationalization of its events is ""an artistic miscalculation and a major flaw in an otherwise superb novel."""
david r. roediger (july 13, 1952) is a well-established professor of history at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign (uiuc).	david r. roediger (july 13, 1952) is a professor of history at the university of illinois at urbana-champaign (uiuc).
in 2005 a group of obscure coptic activists created a flag to represent copts worldwide , however, this flag is not recognized by the coptic orthodox church of alexandria or by the vast majority of copts in egypt and abroad.	in 2005 a group of coptic activists created a flag to represent copts worldwide , however, this flag is not recognized by the coptic orthodox church of alexandria or by the vast majority of copts in egypt and abroad.
the efta states of norway, iceland and liechtenstein are members of the european economic area which allows them to participate in most aspects of the eu single market without formally acceding to the eu.	the efta states of norway, iceland and liechtenstein are members of the european economic area which allows them to participate in most aspects of the eu single market without acceding to the eu.
her acting career lasted more than 35 years, ending with the role of nurse dixie mccall, rn, on the popular television series emergency!	her acting career lasted more than 35 years, ending with the role of nurse dixie mccall, rn, on the television series emergency!
in summary, poorly structured deregulation which relied on active policing by the ferc led to situations where energy companies could manipulate the california energy market with near impunity and reap obscene profits at the expense of california energy consumers and the state.	in summary, poorly structured deregulation which relied on active policing by the ferc led to situations where energy companies could manipulate the california energy market with near impunity and reap substansive profits at the expense of california energy consumers and the state.
muhammad's first revelation was an event described in islam as taking place in 610 ad, during which the prophet muhammad was visited by the archangel gabriel, who revealed to him the beginnings of what would later become the holy quran.	muhammad's first revelation was an event described in islam as taking place in 610 ad, during which the prophet muhammad was visited by the archangel gabriel, who revealed to him the beginnings of what would later become the quran.
"jimmy wales, co-founder of wikipedia, violated wikipedia's strict ""outing"" policy when he asked other editors to post their suspicions about edward snowden's activities on wikipedia to wales' talk page."	"jimmy wales, co-founder of wikipedia, decide to waive wikipedia's strict ""outing"" policy when he asked other editors to post their suspicions about edward snowden's activities on wikipedia to wales' talk page."
the illustrious democratic republic of the congo (french: rpublique dmocratique du congo), also often referred to as drc, rdc, dr congo, congo or congo-kinshasa, and formerly as zaire (or zare in french), is a nation in central africa and the third largest country on the continent.	the democratic republic of the congo (french: rpublique dmocratique du congo), also often referred to as drc, rdc, dr congo, congo or congo-kinshasa, and formerly as zaire (or zare in french), is a nation in central africa and the third largest country on the continent.
yanguang nainai is the goddess of eyesight and often portrayed as an attendant to bixia yuanjun.	yanguang nainai is venerated as goddess of eyesight and often portrayed as an attendant to bixia yuanjun.
since the opening of harriton high school in 1957, the school newspaper had been called either the harriton forum or the harriton free forum, but in october 2006 it was creatively renamed the harriton banner.	since the opening of harriton high school in 1957, the school newspaper had been called either the harriton forum or the harriton free forum, but in october 2006 it was renamed the harriton banner.
the breitspurbahn (ipa: braɪtpu:rba:n, translation: broad trackway) was a planned broad-gauge railroad, a gigantomaniac personal pet project of adolf hitler during the third reich of germany, supposed to run on 3 meter gauge track with double-storey coaches between major cities of grodeutschland, hitler's proposed unified german-speaking state.	the breitspurbahn (ipa: braɪtpu:rba:n, translation: broad trackway) was a planned broad-gauge railroad, a personal pet project of adolf hitler during the third reich of germany, supposed to run on 3 meter gauge track with double-storey coaches between major cities of grodeutschland, hitler's proposed unified german-speaking state.
on 2 august 1990 iraq, led by dictator saddam hussein, invaded kuwait.	on 2 august 1990 iraq, led by president saddam hussein, invaded kuwait.
since gaining international attention, numerous facebook pages have been created in support of asia bibi and freedom of speech, and in opposition to arcane blasphemy laws and intolerance of religious minorities.	since gaining international attention, numerous facebook pages have been created in support of asia bibi and freedom of speech, and in opposition to blasphemy laws and intolerance of religious minorities.
immigrant groups that settled here in large numbers included irish, polish, and french-canadian; in more recent years, puerto ricans, indians, vietnamese and cambodians have continued to enrich the cultural mosaic.	immigrant groups that settled here in large numbers included irish, polish, and french-canadian; in more recent years, puerto ricans, indians, vietnamese and cambodians have continued to add to the cultural mosaic.
"jeff buckley's haunting cover of leonard cohen's ""hallelujah"" remains one of his most well-known songs, and has been used extensively in many us television dramas as well as films; the season finale of the west wing, ""posse comitatus"" and the two part season one finale of without a trace."	"jeff buckley's cover of leonard cohen's ""hallelujah"" remains one of his most well-known songs, and has been used extensively in many us television dramas as well as films; the season finale of the west wing, ""posse comitatus"" and the two part season one finale of without a trace."
since saint joseph's is a catholic, jesuit university, this has sparked controversy with the pro-life movement, as matthews is notably pro- abortion .	since saint joseph's is a catholic, jesuit university, this has sparked controversy with the pro-life movement, as matthews is notably pro- choice .
don bosco school may refer to the following schools, which are run by the salesians of don bosco, a minority institution within the catholic church:	don bosco school may refer to the following schools, which are operated by the salesians of don bosco, a minority institution within the catholic church:
atom smasher was rendered as an action figure for mattel's popular justice league unlimited toyline in the summer of 2005.	atom smasher was rendered as an action figure for mattel's justice league unlimited toyline in the summer of 2005.
neuro-linguistic programming (nlp) is a pseudoscientific development proposed for programming the mind, often promoted for the use of self-help and therapy.	neuro-linguistic programming (nlp) is a development proposed for programming the mind, often promoted for the use of self-help and therapy.
this article is about the british criminal .	this article is about the british doctor .
although he is jewish, he did not have any knowledge on judaism in his youth, since both his parents were believing communists and grew up without any judaism in their own youth.	although he is jewish, he did not have any knowledge on judaism in his youth, since both his parents were communists and grew up without any judaism in their own youth.
marina hyde (ne marina dudley-williams) is a columnist for the british quality newspaper the guardian, where she writes on politics, sport and celebrity.	marina hyde (ne marina dudley-williams) is a columnist for the british newspaper the guardian, where she writes on politics, sport and celebrity.
alleged eta activists joxean lasa and joxi zabala, while getting into a friend's car, were kidnapped by non-uniformed members of the spanish police in bayonne (lapurdi-northern basque country).	alleged eta militants joxean lasa and joxi zabala, while getting into a friend's car, were kidnapped by non-uniformed members of the spanish police in bayonne (lapurdi-northern basque country).
with prosperity, came a certain amount of licentiousness, including drunkenness and greed.	with prosperity, came a certain amount of licentiousness, including reported fondness for alcohol and greed.
david matthew hicks (born august 7, 1975), also known as abu muslim al-austraili and muhammed dawood, is a convicted terrorist supporter.	david matthew hicks (born august 7, 1975), also known as abu muslim al-austraili and muhammed dawood, is a convicted al queda supporter.
walter burkert (born neuendettelsau, bavaria, february 2, 1931), an eminent scholar of greek religion and cults, is an emeritus professor of classics at the university of zurich, switzerland, and also has taught in the united kingdom and the united states.	walter burkert (born neuendettelsau, bavaria, february 2, 1931), an scholar of greek religion and cults, is an emeritus professor of classics at the university of zurich, switzerland, and also has taught in the united kingdom and the united states.
jakob ehrlich (1877 - 1938) early zionist in austria, martyred in the dachau concentration camp shortly after the nazi takeover of austria	jakob ehrlich (1877 - 1938) early zionist in austria, killed in the dachau concentration camp shortly after the nazi takeover of austria
the most famous use of this weapon was an ira assassination attempt on february 7 1991. the terrorists mortared 10 downing street as a cabinet meeting was in session, however the bomb landed in the back garden of the british prime minister's residence only succeeding in shattering the back windows.	the most famous use of this weapon was an ira assassination attempt on february 7 1991. the millitants mortared 10 downing street as a cabinet meeting was in session, however the bomb landed in the back garden of the british prime minister's residence only succeeding in shattering the back windows.
he is also a pioneer in the controversial practice of cryonics, and is a board member of the cryonics organization alcor life extension foundation (no connection to the life extension foundation).	he is also a pioneer in the practice of cryonics, and is a board member of the cryonics organization alcor life extension foundation (no connection to the life extension foundation).
the arrival of admiral horatio nelson's magnificent fleet results in a breathtaking retelling of one of the most ferocious and one-sided sea battles in european history, in which nelson, and sharpe, vanquish the combined naval might of france and spain at trafalgar.	the arrival of admiral horatio nelson's well-led fleet results in a breathtaking retelling of one of the most ferocious and one-sided sea battles in european history, in which nelson, and sharpe, vanquish the combined naval might of france and spain at trafalgar.
this rich and heavy dessert has gone out of fashion over the years due to health and diet consciousness, although there are many chefs in britain, such as the accliamed british chef heston blumenthal who are trying to revive this type of traditional cookery.	this rich and heavy dessert has gone out of fashion over the years due to health and diet consciousness, although there are many chefs in britain, such as the british chef heston blumenthal who are trying to revive this type of traditional cookery.
"owen is also a talented author with three books published by gomer: ""magic islands"", ""magic harbours"" and ""welsh journeys""."	"owen is also a author with three books published by gomer: ""magic islands"", ""magic harbours"" and ""welsh journeys""."
rummel (2005) criticizes the methodology used and believes the results are invalid.	rummel (2005) criticizes the methodology used and argues the results are invalid.
this dropped alonso to the back of the field, but he admirably fought his way up through the field throughout the race to eventually finish in fourth, just behind his team-mate massa who finished third.	this dropped alonso to the back of the field, but he fought his way up through the field throughout the race to eventually finish in fourth, just behind his team-mate massa who finished third.
among the most notable teams that failed to qualify for the final tournament included scotland, who became the only british nation not to qualify for the finals and former champions greece who finished bottom in their group: most notable of all, however, and only 16 months after being 3rd in the world, was the netherlands who missed out on the finals for the first time since euro 1984 ( ironically also held in france).	among the most notable teams that failed to qualify for the final tournament included scotland, who became the only british nation not to qualify for the finals and former champions greece who finished bottom in their group: most notable of all, however, and only 16 months after being 3rd in the world, was the netherlands who missed out on the finals for the first time since euro 1984 (also held in france).
the people's republic of china currently administers capital punishment for a variety of crimes, although the vast majority of executions are for cases of either aggravated murder or large scale drug trafficking.	the people's republic of china currently administers capital punishment for a variety of crimes, but the vast majority of executions are for cases of either aggravated murder or large scale drug trafficking.
"msnbc claimed that when he was asked in a bbc interview if the implementation of sharia law in britain was ""inevitable"", he agreed."	"msnbc stated that when he was asked in a bbc interview if the implementation of sharia law in britain was ""inevitable"", he agreed."
the christian democratic party (cdp) is a right-wing political party in australia.	the christian democratic party (cdp) is a political party in australia.
the duchy of cornwall is one of the two royal duchies in england (the other being the duchy of lancaster).	the duchy of cornwall is one of the two royal duchies in the united kingdom (the other being the duchy of lancaster).
nyc hold, a new york-based organization of teachers, professional mathematicians, parents and others which has been extremely active in recent years in working for adoption of mastery-based, traditional math programs	nyc hold, a new york-based organization of teachers, professional mathematicians, parents and others which has been active in recent years in working for adoption of mastery-based, traditional math programs
moms mabley (1894-1975), african american comedienne	moms mabley (1894-1975), african american comedian
located on the country's east coast in new york state, it was founded as a commercial trading post by the dutch in 1625, and has been the largest city in the united states since 1790. it also served as the capital of the united states from 1785 until 1790. located on one of the world's finest natural harbors, new york is one of the world's major centers of commerce and finance.	located on the country's east coast in new york state, it was founded as a commercial trading post by the dutch in 1625, and has been the largest city in the united states since 1790. it also served as the capital of the united states from 1785 until 1790. located on one of the world's natural harbors, new york is one of the world's major centers of commerce and finance.
geering is a member of the jesus seminar and a participant in the living the questions program, an alternative to the evangelical /fundamentalist alpha course, which he views as dangerous indoctrination sadly growing among even mainstream churches.	geering is a member of the jesus seminar and a participant in the living the questions program, an alternative to the evangelical alpha course, which he views as dangerous indoctrination sadly growing among even mainstream churches.
he is best known for his interpretation of the role of wotan in richard wagner's operatic cycle, der ring des nibelungen.	he is known for his interpretation of the role of wotan in richard wagner's operatic cycle, der ring des nibelungen.
mila 18 is a stirring novel set in german-occupied warsaw before and during world war ii.	mila 18 is a novel set in german-occupied warsaw before and during world war ii.
christopher anton rea (ree-ah) (born 4 march 1951) is a singer-songwriter from middlesbrough, england, instantly recognisable for his distinctive, raspy voice.	christopher anton rea (ree-ah) (born 4 march 1951) is a singer-songwriter from middlesbrough, england, recognisable for his distinctive, raspy voice.
the series was canceled after one pathetic season.	the series was canceled after one season.
), is a belligerent croatian nationalist salute, used during world war ii by the croatian fascist and ultranationalist ustae movement as their equivalent of the nazi sieg heil.	), is a croatian nationalist salute, used during world war ii by the croatian fascist and ultranationalist ustae movement as their equivalent of the nazi sieg heil.
the taiwan strait or formosa strait (formerly black ditch) is a 180-km-wide (111.85-mile-wide) strait between china and taiwan.	the taiwan strait or formosa strait (formerly black ditch) is a 180-km-wide (111.85-mile-wide) strait separating mainland china and taiwan.
its recent history has seen it as a promiment outpost of western luxury shops.	its recent history has seen it as a promiment outpost of international luxury shops.
the russian fleet attempted to break out from port arthur and proceed to vladivostok, but they were intercepted and defeated at the battle of the yellow sea.	the russian fleet attempted to break out from port arthur and proceed to vladivostok, but they were intercepted and dispersed at the battle of the yellow sea.
they also offer challenge groups for gifted and talented students, a number of sporting teams and a successful debating team .	they also offer challenge groups for gifted and talented students, a number of sporting teams and a debating team .
there were many examples in rods immediate past, mainly the spanish-american war of 1898. rod posits that even though outside influence from other countries may be beneficial, it destroys the principles on which that particular country or region were based from their origin.	there were many examples in rods immediate past, mainly the spanish-american war of 1898. rod posits that even though outside influence from other countries may be beneficial, it might destroy the principles on which that particular country or region were based from their origin.
vokes then announced his draconian decision.	vokes then announced his decision.
gd0esxl4b4e a video (pov) of the rattler taken after its heavy re-profile	tn0wacsomdi a video (pov) of the rattler taken after its heavy re-profile
python programmers frequently misread c samples like this one.	novice programmers frequently misread c samples like this one.
the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb, previously known as the salafist group for preaching and combat ( al-jamaa'atu l-salafiyyatu li l-da'wati wa l-qitaal; , gspc; also known as the group for call and combat) is a radical islamist militia which aims to overthrow the algerian government and institute an islamic state.	the al-qaeda organization in the islamic maghreb, previously known as the salafist group for preaching and combat ( al-jamaa'atu l-salafiyyatu li l-da'wati wa l-qitaal; , gspc; also known as the group for call and combat) is a islamist militia which aims to overthrow the algerian government and institute an islamic state.
challenging the phillips curve since the 1960's, men like nobel laureate milton friedman or 2006 nobel laureate edmund phelps have made ground in their arguments that inflationary expectations negate the phillips curve in the long run.	challenging the phillips curve since the 1960's, economists like nobel laureate milton friedman or 2006 nobel laureate edmund phelps have made ground in their arguments that inflationary expectations negate the phillips curve in the long run.
constantine is best remembered in modern times for the edict of milan in 313 and the council of nicaea in 325, which fully legalized christianity in the empire for the first time; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the faith .	constantine is best remembered in modern times for the edict of milan in 313 and the council of nicaea in 325, which fully legalized christianity in the empire for the first time; these actions are considered major factors in the spreading of the religion .
ills relief is a 1:500 scale model of the holy city of jerusalem.	ills relief is a 1:500 scale model of the city of jerusalem.
with help from mr. perfect, helmsley won the intercontinental title from mero, and perfect was once again a reviled heel.	with help from mr. perfect, helmsley won the intercontinental title from mero, and perfect was once again a heel.
he became the first housemate up for eviction on day 4, after receiving a killer nomination from angie and jamie.	he became the first housemate up for eviction on day 4, after receiving a nomination from angie and jamie.
indeed, studies done by objective researchers such as rind, have indicated that there seems to be no detrimental effect of child-adult relationships, as long as the relationship is voluntary (as perceived by the child).	indeed, studies done by researchers such as rind, have indicated that there seems to be no detrimental effect of child-adult relationships, as long as the relationship is voluntary (as perceived by the child).
innocents would take lsd (without consent) and then perform a battery of tests to investigate the effects of the drug on soldiers.	subjects would take lsd (without consent) and then perform a battery of tests to investigate the effects of the drug on soldiers.
aili jgi (b. may 25 1931) is an estonian militant-nationalist who in 1946 together with a friend, named ageeda paavels, blew up a soviet grave monument: the preceding monument to the bronze soldier in tallinn.	aili jgi (b. may 25 1931) is an estonian who in 1946 together with a friend, named ageeda paavels, blew up a soviet grave monument: the preceding monument to the bronze soldier in tallinn.
in 2004, president george w. bush narrowly won reelection defeating the democratic nominee, senator john kerry.	in 2004, president george w. bush won reelection defeating the democratic nominee, senator john kerry.
ru wants to have less democracy in norway today by banning far-right parties that attack democracy from being formed and also distance themselves from the communist regimes in the soviet union and the people's republic of china.	ru wants to have more democracy in norway today by banning far-right parties that attack democracy from being formed and also distance themselves from the communist regimes in the soviet union and the people's republic of china.
in most of western culture, the given name precedes the family name; some other cultures place it after the family name, or use no family name.	in most of western culture, the given name precedes the family name; other cultures place it after the family name, or use no family name.
philimoshin claimed that in addition to the above losses civilian deaths during the siege of leningrad numbered 641,000 due to starvation and 17,000 killed by artillery fire.	philimoshin maintained that in addition to the above losses civilian deaths during the siege of leningrad numbered 641,000 due to starvation and 17,000 killed by artillery fire.
the high expression of nsmase3 in heart and skeletal musclealso suggests potential roles in heart function .	the high expression of nsmase3 in heart and skeletal muscle also suggests potential roles in heart function .
they attributed the drop in crime to a reduction in individuals said to have a higher statistical probability of committing crimes: unwanted children, especially those born to black mothers who are impoverished, adolescent, uneducated, and single.	they attributed the drop in crime to a reduction in individuals said to have a higher statistical probability of committing crimes: unwanted children, especially those born to mothers who are impoverished, adolescent, uneducated, and single.
abney park cemetery- fine overgrown victorian cemetery and nature reserve	abney park cemetery- overgrown victorian cemetery and nature reserve
president trump threatens to end healthcare bailouts to insurers and lawmakers.	president trump threatens to end healthcare cost-sharing subsidies to insurers and lawmakers.
when the term is applied to political or religious opposition to specific sexual lifestyles, it has been criticized as a pejorative, loaded term intended to discredit or silence opposition to any of the political or social issues connected with transsexuality/transvestitism (see lgbt social movements).	when the term is applied to political or religious opposition to certain sexual lifestyles, it has been criticized as a pejorative, loaded term intended to discredit or silence opposition to any of the political or social issues connected with transsexuality/transvestitism (see lgbt social movements).
the only other towns are the picturesque village of archipoli (pop.	the only other towns are the village of archipoli (pop.
because of the attacks of british pirate s, and after the visit of francis drake in 1578, the spaniards sent pedro sarmiento de gamboa to fortify and map the strait of magellan and prevent access to spanish posts in the pacific.	because of the attacks of british privateer s, and after the visit of francis drake in 1578, the spaniards sent pedro sarmiento de gamboa to fortify and map the strait of magellan and prevent access to spanish posts in the pacific.
"on july 7, 2006 the tpm muckracker provided a ""complete"" list of supposed examples of plagiarism discovered so far."	"on july 7, 2006 the tpm muckracker provided a ""complete"" list of examples of plagiarism discovered so far."
he counts nicolas sarkozy, george w. bush and jos mara aznar as close friends.	he counts nicolas sarkozy, george w. bush and jos mara aznar as friends.
efforts continued into the mid-1970's, with residents of the upper peninsula and northern wisconsin, each resentful of a tax drains and other perceived slights from their downstate cousins, joining together to pursue the needed legislation.	efforts continued into the mid-1970's, with residents of the upper peninsula and northern wisconsin, each resentful of a tax drains and other perceived slights from their downstate cousins, joining together to pursue the desired legislation.
warren ellis is a british author of comic books and graphic novels who is well known for his hate-filled writings decrying the state of the comic industry and superheroes.	warren ellis is a british author of comic books and graphic novels who is well known for his writings decrying the state of the comic industry and superheroes.
after a confused engagement during the night the allies sank one of the enemy destroyers and forced another ashore, where she was wrecked.	after a confused engagement during the night the allies sank one of the german destroyers and forced another ashore, where she was wrecked.
"robert ackerman's biography of frazer, j. g. frazer: his life and work (1987), admits that, for british social anthropologists, frazer is still ""an embarrassment"" for being ""the most famous of them all"" while they now dissociate themselves ""from much that he wrote."""	"robert ackerman's biography of frazer, j. g. frazer: his life and work (1987), writes that, for british social anthropologists, frazer is still ""an embarrassment"" for being ""the most famous of them all"" while they now dissociate themselves ""from much that he wrote."""
sadly the newhaven museum placed in a small room in the northern section did not survive, but the fishmarket function itself has now been revitalised, including a publically accessible fishmonger.	the newhaven museum placed in a small room in the northern section did not survive, but the fishmarket function itself has now been revitalised, including a publically accessible fishmonger.
jet harris (born terence harris, 6 july 1939, honeypot lane, kingsbury, north london, england) was the best bass guitarist of the shadows until april 1962 and had subsequent success as a soloist and as a duo with drummer tony meehan .	jet harris (born terence harris, 6 july 1939, honeypot lane, kingsbury, north london, england) was the bass guitarist of the shadows until april 1962 and had subsequent success as a soloist and as a duo with drummer tony meehan .
while some independent double-blind tests have failed to show distinguishable differences between sa-cd/dvd-audio and the same audio stream downsampled to cd-audio's sample rate and dynamic range, many people (usually the weakest link in objective quality assessment, but the most important one also since sound reproduction is essentially designed for humans) do insist that even a moderately good system should reveal a stunning difference between sa-cd and either cd or dvd-audio.	while some independent double-blind tests have failed to show distinguishable differences between sa-cd/dvd-audio and the same audio stream downsampled to cd-audio's sample rate and dynamic range, many people (usually the weakest link in objective quality assessment, but the most important one also since sound reproduction is essentially designed for humans) do insist that even a moderately good system should reveal a significant difference between sa-cd and either cd or dvd-audio.
me and my shadows: a family memoir is a memoir written by lorna luft recounting her mother judy garland's life, luft's life with mother and dealing with life after her mother's passing .	me and my shadows: a family memoir is a memoir written by lorna luft recounting her mother judy garland's life, luft's life with mother and dealing with life after her mother's death .
"in 1926, rin hirano and tomita yashima published the mythology ""blood type biological related"" in the medical journal of army."	"in 1926, rin hirano and tomita yashima published the article ""blood type biological related"" in the medical journal of army."
on november 7, 2006, rather defended the report in a radio interview, and refuted the cbs investigation's findings.	on november 7, 2006, rather defended the report in a radio interview, and rejected the cbs investigation's findings.
a widely rebroadcast event during the seattle world trade organization riots showed reichert chasing looters down 3rd avenue in seattle.	a widely rebroadcast event during the seattle world trade organization conference and protests showed reichert chasing looters down 3rd avenue in seattle.
in april 1937, the governor-general of taiwan forbade the use of chinese languages .	in april 1937, the governor-general of taiwan forbade the use of chinese.
melissa jane doyle (born february 10, 1970) is a popular australian television personality.	melissa jane doyle (born february 10, 1970) is a australian television personality.
schloss hartheim where over 8,000 people were euthanized .	schloss hartheim where over 8,000 people were killed .
the skit by stephen colbert provoked a wave of silly vandalism of wikipedia.	the skit by stephen colbert provoked a wave of vandalism of wikipedia.
harmony public schools are gulenist charter schools in texas ranging from kindergarden to 12th grade.	harmony public schools are charter schools in texas ranging from kindergarden to 12th grade.
open, mature religiosity and spirituality on the other hand tend to be associated with high openness; mystical experiences occasioned by the use of psilocybin were found to increase openness significantly (see 'drug use,' below).	open, religiosity and spirituality on the other hand tend to be associated with high openness; mystical experiences occasioned by the use of psilocybin were found to increase openness significantly (see 'drug use,' below).
the school fields varsity teams in the ncaa's division i and is a member of the competitive southeastern conference (western division), while club sports compete in their respective leagues.	the school fields varsity teams in the ncaa's division i and is a member of the southeastern conference (western division), while club sports compete in their respective leagues.
reasons for this disbelief include perceived inconsistencies between the bible and the book of mormon, as well as issues with anthropological, linguistic, archaeological, and genetic evidence for the book of mormon in the new world.	reasons for this disbelief include disputed inconsistencies between the bible and the book of mormon, as well as issues with anthropological, linguistic, archaeological, and genetic evidence for the book of mormon in the new world.
baden-baden lies in a beautiful valley of the northern black forest in southwestern germany.	baden-baden lies in a valley of the northern black forest in southwestern germany.
salpicn is a refreshing salad that is great as a topping for tostadas or wrapped in fresh corn tortillas.	salpicn is a refreshing salad that is used as a topping for tostadas or wrapped in fresh corn tortillas.
"a variety of related forms are found in early english from about ad 1000, including iudea, gyu, giu, iuu, iuw, and iew, which eventually developed into the modern english word ""jew""."	"a variety of related forms are found in early english from about the year 1000, including iudea, gyu, giu, iuu, iuw, and iew, which eventually developed into the modern english word ""jew""."
other words whose plurals are sometimes misused as singulars include:	other words whose plurals are sometimes used as singulars include:
alexis davis is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	alexis davis is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
this is the aspect or substratum of god that lies behind his actions or properties, i.e., the essence of god, and its nature has been the subject of long debate in every major religion.	this is the aspect or substratum of god that lies behind god`s actions or properties, i.e., the essence of god, and its nature has been the subject of long debate in every major religion.
despite the fact that mcdonald's has refused to collect the ₤40,000 awarded it by the courts, the case remains on appeal to the european court of human rights.	despite the fact that mcdonald's has refused to collect the & amp; #8356;40,000 awarded it by the courts, the case remains on appeal to the european court of human rights.
his maternal grandfather and six other relatives were killed by the croatian ustae regime during world war ii at the jasenovac concentration camp.	his maternal grandfather and six other relatives were killed by the croatian ustae administration during world war ii at the jasenovac concentration camp.
the group broke up that year, but in late 1983 buttrose co-founded the gap cabaret venue at the sydney trade union club with his then partner comedienne mandy salomon, and their business partner, judy barnsley.	the group broke up that year, but in late 1983 buttrose co-founded the gap cabaret venue at the sydney trade union club with his then partner comedian mandy salomon, and their business partner, judy barnsley.
both plans have met opposition from some pedantic villagers.	both plans have met opposition from some villagers.
the worst abuse was in the season five episode butters' very own episode which centered on how linda sent butters to spy on his father to find out what he was getting linda for their wedding anniversary.	the most distinguishing abuse was in the season five episode butters' very own episode which centered on how linda sent butters to spy on his father to find out what he was getting linda for their wedding anniversary.
some soldiers inevitably engaged in acts of rape.	some soldiers engaged in acts of rape.
the most famous libel case involving him and private eye was brought by the corrupt publishing magnate robert maxwell.	the most famous libel case involving him and private eye was brought by the publishing magnate robert maxwell.
for locales where such services are lacking, online rideshare communities like ridester can serve a similar purpose.	for locales where such services are lacking, online rideshare communities like can serve a similar purpose.
claiming that chile was under siege by communist subversives,	asserting that chile was under siege by communist subversives,
optometry is one of four eye care professions, the others being ophthalmology (which is a branch of surgery and medicine, and requires a medical school degree), opticians (who are just technicians), and orthoptics (orth-optics) (a sub-specialty of ophthalmology primarily dealing with strabismus).	optometry is one of four eye care professions, the others being ophthalmology (which is a branch of surgery and medicine, and requires a medical school degree), opticians (who are technicians), and orthoptics (orth-optics) (a sub-specialty of ophthalmology primarily dealing with strabismus).
salazar allowed general sanjurjo, the rebel leader, to fly from a non-military airport in portugal and salazar sent aid to the nationalists.	salazar allowed general sanjurjo, the nationalist leader, to fly from a non-military airport in portugal and salazar sent aid to the nationalists.
on the 29th june 1921, a group of black and tans were ambushed on their way to ardara at kilraine by the volunteers , resulting in the death of a constable devine.	on the 29th june 1921, a group of black and tans were ambushed on their way to ardara at kilraine by the insurgants , resulting in the death of a constable devine.
ingleborough cave is a fine show cave open to the public, accessed through the grounds of the ingleborough estate.	ingleborough cave is a show cave open to the public, accessed through the grounds of the ingleborough estate.
his work continues today, extending a lineage that has expanded from many extraordinary lifetime dedications.	his work continues today, extending a lineage that has expanded from many lifetime dedications.
the episode was intended to show guns in an equal way, and faced some problems with the censors because of the subject matter.	the episode was intended to show guns in an neutral way, and faced some problems with the censors because of the subject matter.
in recent times, the term has been repeatedly used by proponents of the theory of evolution to denounce alleged quote mining by proponents of creationism.	in recent times, the term has been used by proponents of the theory of evolution to denounce alleged quote mining by proponents of creationism.
based on current and debatable evidence, the human species has found its origins starting from about 250,000 years ago - when homo began to develop.	based on current and contested evidence, the human species has found its origins starting from about 250,000 years ago - when homo began to develop.
on the other handsome modern bulgarian scientists link it to the iranian language group instead (more specifically, the pamir languages are frequently mentioned), noting the iranic words or words of pamirian origin in the modern bulgarian language.	on the other hand, on the base of politically motivated sentiments, some modern bulgarian scientists link it to the iranian language group instead (more specifically, the pamir languages are frequently mentioned), noting the iranic words or words of pamirian origin in the modern bulgarian language.
"in a response to a letter thiering wrote to the new york review of books, objecting to a review by dead sea scrolls and critical jesus scholar gza vermes, vermes outlined the academic reception of her work stating:""professor barbara thiering's reinterpretation of the new testament, in which the married, divorced, and remarried jesus, father of four, becomes the ""wicked priest"" of the dead sea scrolls, has made no impact on learned opinion."	"in a response to a letter thiering wrote to the new york review of books, objecting to a review by dead sea scrolls and jesus scholar gza vermes, vermes outlined the academic reception of her work stating:""professor barbara thiering's reinterpretation of the new testament, in which the married, divorced, and remarried jesus, father of four, becomes the ""wicked priest"" of the dead sea scrolls, has made no impact on learned opinion."
the holodomor , was a man-made famine in soviet ukraine in 1932 and 1933 that killed an estimated 2.57.5 million ukrainians, with millions more counted in demographic estimates.	the holodomor , was a famine in soviet ukraine in 1932 and 1933 that killed an estimated 2.57.5 million ukrainians, with millions more counted in demographic estimates.
in recent years, the university has been particularly prominent in medical research.	in recent years, the university has been prominent in medical research.
a section of the berlin wall, a shocking symbol of division in the cold war.	a section of the berlin wall, a symbol of division in the cold war.
the apprehension and transfer out of argentina of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.	the apprehension and illegal extradition out of argentina of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.
the movie's beautiful faux queen anne-style house, built on the shore of lake champlain, stood in dar state park in the town of addison, vermont.	the movie's faux queen anne-style house, built on the shore of lake champlain, stood in dar state park in the town of addison, vermont.
an attempt to influence roosevelt's special emissary, wendell willkie on a visit to the great britain and ireland january 1941, failed.	an attempt to influence roosevelt's special emissary, wendell willkie on a visit to great britain and ireland january 1941, failed.
but the singaporean government has gone too far in its endeavour.	some believe that the singaporean government has gone too far in its endeavour.
a study in 2004 estimated that over 2200 bats were killed by 63 onshore turbines in just six weeks at two sites in the eastern u.s. this study suggests some onshore and near-shore sites may be particularly hazardous to local bat populations and more research is urgently needed.	a study in 2004 estimated that over 2200 bats were killed by 63 onshore turbines in just six weeks at two sites in the eastern u.s. this study suggests some onshore and near-shore sites may be particularly hazardous to local bat populations and more research is needed.
oxycodone can produce drug dependence of the morphine type and, therefore, has the potential for being abused .	oxycodone can produce drug dependence of the morphine type and, therefore, has the potential for being addictive .
the baseless accusation stemmed from a false report on the newsbusters website.	the accusation stemmed from a false report on the newsbusters website.
operation defensive shield was a large scale counter-terrorism ground operation conducted by the israeli defence forces at april 2002 after the massacre at park hotel.	operation defensive shield was a large scale ground operation conducted by the israeli defence forces at april 2002 after the massacre at park hotel.
"the term sapiential books or ""books of wisdom"" is used in biblical studies to refer to a subset of the books of the hebrew bible in the septuagint version ."	"the term sapiential books or ""books of wisdom"" is used in biblical studies to refer to a subset of the books of the hebrew bible in the septuagint translation ."
the gay nigger association of america (better known by its four letter abbreviation gnaa) is a self-aggrandizing internet troll pseudo- organization that primarily targets internet communities in an effort to cause havoc and disrupt their normal activities.	the gay nigger association of america (better known by its four letter abbreviation gnaa) is a self-aggrandizing internet troll organization that primarily targets internet communities in an effort to cause havoc and disrupt their normal activities.
however, its authenticity is still greatly debated as well, since it seems heretical that josephus (who was a life-long jew) would have called jesus a deity.	however, its authenticity is still greatly debated as well, since it seems incredible that josephus (who was a life-long jew) would have called jesus a deity.
this neoclassical gate offers breathtaking views, including that of the picturesque foros church set atop a 400-metre cliff overlooking the sea coast.	this neoclassical gate offers scenic views, including that of the picturesque foros church set atop a 400-metre cliff overlooking the sea coast.
the splc has claimed that the save our state online forums frequently contain derogatory or hate-based statements about mexicans and other latinos, and that such posts are not moderated or removed.	the splc has stated that the save our state online forums frequently contain derogatory or hate-based statements about mexicans and other latinos, and that such posts are not moderated or removed.
the thomasville public library is located in thomasville, nc.	the thomasville public library is located in thomasville , north carolina, united states .
following the cyprus invasion by the turks, the dictators finally abandoned ioannides and his bankrupt policies.	following the cyprus invasion by the turks, the dictators finally abandoned ioannides and his policies.
over thirty two brilliant new episodes, the saga of mcleod's daughters continues as tess silverman mcleod , now without her sister claire, must find the strength to rebuild her life and take control of the drover's legacy with claire's best friend stevie hall.	over thirty two new episodes, the saga of mcleod's daughters continues as tess silverman mcleod, now without her sister claire, must find the strength to rebuild her life and take control of the drover's legacy with claire's best friend stevie hall.
the historically informed performance, period performance, or so-called authentic performance movement is an effort on the part of musicians and scholars to perform works of classical music in ways similar to how they were performed when they were originally written.	the historically informed performance, period performance, or authentic performance movement is an effort on the part of musicians and scholars to perform works of classical music in ways similar to how they were performed when they were originally written.
in january 2011, following the attempted assassination of representative gabrielle giffords at a public constituent event in arizona, former governor of alaska and republican candidate for vice-president sarah palin incorrectly used the term in a video-taped public statement to describe the public backlash against public figures criticized for perpetuating an uncivil political climate charged with violent metaphors and imagery and eliminationism.	in january 2011, following the attempted assassination of representative gabrielle giffords at a public constituent event in arizona, former governor of alaska and republican candidate for vice-president sarah palin used the term in a video-taped public statement to describe the public backlash against public figures criticized for perpetuating an uncivil political climate charged with violent metaphors and imagery and eliminationism.
five years after the publication of hitler's pope, cornwell recanted :	five years after the publication of hitler's pope, cornwell stated :
brown and his wives have claimed they participated with the show to make the public more aware of polygamist families and to combat societal prejudices.	brown and his wives have said they participated with the show to make the public more aware of polygamist families and to combat societal prejudices.
the fantastic stories about these men living over nine hundred years and not getting around to fathering their children until they had lived a century or two, are based on a misunderstanding of the number system.	the fantastic stories about these men living over nine hundred years and not getting around to fathering their children until they had lived a century or two, were possibly based on a misunderstanding of the number system.
"this album featured ""john walker's blues"", which was about the captured american taliban terrorist john walker lindh."	"this album featured ""john walker's blues"", which was about the captured american taliban fighter john walker lindh."
see also orgazmo, probably, for more on matt and trey's weird ideas about mormonism.	see also orgazmo, probably, for more on matt and trey's ideas about mormonism.
it is a virtuoso portrait of a triangular relationship between photographer james link, journalist susan steinberg and doctor richard david fiddes.	it is a portrait of a triangular relationship between photographer james link, journalist susan steinberg and doctor richard david fiddes.
it is one of nintendo's most important and popular franchises.	it is one of nintendo's most prominent and popular franchises.
these tweets were discovered by righteous activist, mike cernovich.	these tweets were discovered by activist, mike cernovich.
cambridge station is well served by the following retailers:	cambridge station is served by the following retailers:
"in a memorable scene in this movie, a man is told to ""squeal like a pig"" before being sodomised."	"in a scene in this movie, a man is told to ""squeal like a pig"" before being sodomised."
george palmer is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul moriarty.	george palmer is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul moriarty.
playing against france, warburton became the second wales player to receive a red card in a the world cup when he was controversially sent off after 18 minutes for a dangerous tackle on vincent clerc.	playing against france, warburton became the second wales player to receive a red card in a the world cup when he was sent off after 18 minutes for a dangerous tackle on vincent clerc.
several misleading innuendos are made as to the subconscious homoerotic nature of their friendship.	several innuendos are made as to the subconscious homoerotic nature of their friendship.
answers in genesis (aig) is a non-profit christian apologetics ministry with a particular focus on young earth creationism and a scientific interpretation of the book of genesis.	answers in genesis (aig) is a non-profit christian apologetics ministry with a particular focus on young earth creationism and a literal interpretation of the book of genesis.
the club remained in the top flight until relegation in 1997, which tragically resulted in a player exodus and the club folding just as the following season commenced.	the club remained in the top flight until relegation in 1997, which resulted in a player exodus and the club folding just as the following season commenced.
charlotte rae, actress and comedienne	charlotte rae, actress and comedian
"the personal software process (psp) is a structured software development process that is claimed to help software engineers understand and improve their performance, by using a ""disciplined, data-driven procedure""."	"the personal software process (psp) is a structured software development process that is intended to help software engineers understand and improve their performance, by using a ""disciplined, data-driven procedure""."
buffett's writings are known for containing literary quotes ranging from the bible to mae west, as well as hokey midwestern advice and numerous jokes.	buffett's writings are known for containing literary quotes ranging from the bible to mae west, as well as midwestern advice and numerous jokes.
the hypocrisy of having a national spotlight game which during the season's most critical weeks late in the year probably would not show the most important game of the week was long known by the league and network.	the problem of having a national spotlight game which during the season's most critical weeks late in the year probably would not show the most important game of the week was long known by the league and network.
rebels attacked the loyalist armoured column near orom al-joz, rami and al-bara.	rebels attacked the syrian army armoured column near orom al-joz, rami and al-bara.
the son of abdyl frashri, one of the most important activists of the albanian national awakening in 1908 he participated in the congress of monastir and in 1942 became the president of balli kombtar (national front) and finally fought as an ally of german forces and also his cousin became the quisling prime minister of albania.	the son of abdyl frashri, one of the most important activists of the albanian national awakening in 1908 he participated in the congress of monastir and in 1942 became the president of balli kombtar (national front) and finally fought as an ally of german forces and also his cousin became the prime minister of albania.
he was happily married for more than 40 years to the american-born screen and stage actress constance cummings; they had one daughter and one son.	he was married for more than 40 years to the american-born screen and stage actress constance cummings; they had one daughter and one son.
john yoo at the neocon institute , american enterprise institute.	john yoo at the american enterprise institute , american enterprise institute.
he learned that she was also called shendoreth and waunathoake, but he renamed her mary march, after the blessed virgin mary and the month in which she was kidnapped.	he learned that she was also called shendoreth and waunathoake, but he renamed her mary march, after the virgin mary and the month in which she was kidnapped.
since the mid-1990s, stallman has spent most of his time advocating for free software, as well as campaigning against software patents, digital restrictions management, and other legal and technical systems which he sees as taking away users' freedoms.	since the mid-1990s, stallman has spent most of his time advocating for free software, as well as campaigning against software patents, digital rights management, and other legal and technical systems which he sees as taking away users' freedoms.
- carey holzman is the first journalist to bring this issue to the public's attention and has worked with lawyers to bring settlements from major manufacturers.	- carey holzman claims to be the first journalist to bring this issue to the public's attention and has worked with lawyers to bring settlements from major manufacturers.
laurence olivier awards for the theatre (named in honour of legendary actor sir laurence olivier)	laurence olivier awards for the theatre (named in honour of actor sir laurence olivier)
michael mckevitt, infamous ira quartermaster general and leader of breakaway real ira.	michael mckevitt, ira quartermaster general and leader of breakaway real ira.
back-to-back championships and second mvp reign (2011present)	back-to-back championships and second mvp tenure (2011present)
ran was kurosawa's last great epic.	ran was kurosawa's last epic.
trump's populist positions in opposition to illegal immigration and various free trade agreements, such as his opposition to the trans-pacific partnership, have earned him support especially among white blue-collar voters and voters without college degrees.	trump's populist positions in opposition to illegal immigration and various trade agreements, such as his opposition to the trans-pacific partnership, have earned him support especially among white blue-collar voters and voters without college degrees.
in 2000 the wwf, in collaboration with television network nbc, announced the creation of the xfl, a new professional football league that debuted in 2001. the league had surprisingly high ratings for the first few weeks, but initial interest waned and its ratings plunged to dismally low levels (one of its games was the lowest-rated primetime show in the history of american television).	in 2000 the wwf, in collaboration with television network nbc, announced the creation of the xfl, a new professional football league that debuted in 2001. the league had high ratings for the first few weeks, but initial interest waned and its ratings plunged to dismally low levels (one of its games was the lowest-rated primetime show in the history of american television).
dr. marc weissbluth, an american pediatrician affiliated with the childrens memorial hospital, in chicago, is the renowned author of several books that deal with sleep disorders in young children.	dr. marc weissbluth, an american pediatrician affiliated with the childrens memorial hospital, in chicago, is the author of several books that deal with sleep disorders in young children.
several gorges that flow north out of the parkincluding dales, kalamina, wittenoom and yampire gorgesprovide spectacular displays of the rock layers:	several gorges that flow north out of the parkincluding dales, kalamina, wittenoom and yampire gorgesprovide notable displays of the rock layers:
festival latino - in june, the rich hispanic and latino heritage is celebrated throughout the park.	festival latino - in june, the hispanic and latino heritage is celebrated throughout the park.
the mentone grammar school cadet unit is an australian army cadets unit based in the school, founded in 1943. it once boasted strength of nearly 400, due to the compulsory nature of service from halfway through year eight to halfway through year eleven.	the mentone grammar school cadet unit is an australian army cadets unit based in the school, founded in 1943. it once had a strength of nearly 400, due to the compulsory nature of service from halfway through year eight to halfway through year eleven.
in the united states, they are included in the big four of the so-called british invasion bands: the beatles, the rolling stones, the kinks and the who.	in the united states, they are included in the big four of the british invasion bands: the beatles, the rolling stones, the kinks and the who.
philip cortelyou johnson (july 8, 1906 january 25, 2005) was an influential american architect.	philip cortelyou johnson (july 8, 1906 january 25, 2005) was an american architect.
the first spacecraft to do this was the ill-fated soyuz 11, which successfully docked with the salyut 1 station on june 7, 1971. human spaceflight missions have successfully made rendezvous with six salyut stations, with skylab, with mir and with the international space station (iss).	the first spacecraft to do this was the soyuz 11, which successfully docked with the salyut 1 station on june 7, 1971. human spaceflight missions have successfully made rendezvous with six salyut stations, with skylab, with mir and with the international space station (iss).
dr. rabab mohammad abdulqader fetieh (arabic: ) is a renowned saudi academic, currently a professor of orthodontics at the faculty of dentistry in king abdulaziz university (kau).	dr. rabab mohammad abdulqader fetieh (arabic: ) is a saudi academic, currently a professor of orthodontics at the faculty of dentistry in king abdulaziz university (kau).
the allied governments lifted these bans, together with other anti-jewish legislation, in the liberation of europe in the later stages of the war.	the allied governments lifted these bans, together with other legislation, in the liberation of europe in the later stages of the war.
unfortunately , he died after only 99 days on the throne and was succeeded by his 29-year old son, william ii.	however , he died after only 99 days on the throne and was succeeded by his 29-year old son, william ii.
instead, it loosely inspired the television series stargate sg-1, still in production as of 2006, as well as its new spin-off, stargate atlantis, and a poorly-received animated series stargate infinity (not considered canon).	instead, it inspired the television series stargate sg-1, still in production as of 2006, as well as its new spin-off, stargate atlantis, and a poorly-received animated series stargate infinity (not considered canon).
linus van pelt is charlie brown's best friend and one of the best characters in charles m. schulz's comic strip peanuts.	linus van pelt is charlie brown's best friend and one of the characters in charles m. schulz's comic strip peanuts.
they were issued in heavy-weight rifle green (worn with the old cf green dress shirt) for winter wear, and lighter weight tan for summer; unfortunately in the latter case, headgear, neckties, belts and badges were still rifle-green or on rifle-green backing.	they were issued in heavy-weight rifle green (worn with the old cf green dress shirt) for winter wear, and lighter weight tan for summer; in the latter case, headgear, neckties, belts and badges were still rifle-green or on rifle-green backing.
since 23 july 1983, there has been on-and-off civil war, predominantly between the government and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam terrorists (ltte, also known as the tamil tigers), a separatist armed organization who fight for the creation of an independent state named tamil eelam in the north and the east of the island.	since 23 july 1983, there has been on-and-off civil war, predominantly between the government and the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte, also known as the tamil tigers), a separatist armed organization who fight for the creation of an independent state named tamil eelam in the north and the east of the island.
recently, the new york times reported that dr. picard signed the dissent from darwin anti-evolution petition (see page 6 of the petition for her signature).	recently, the new york times reported that dr. picard signed the dissent from darwin petition (see page 6 of the petition for her signature).
both coulter's syndicator and her publisher rejected these claims, describing them as irresponsible and claiming that minimal text matching of common subjects does not equal plagiarism.	both coulter's syndicator and her publisher rejected these claims, describing them as irresponsible and stating that minimal text matching of common subjects does not equal plagiarism.
careful use of traffic shaping by the network provider can ensure quality of service for time critical services even on extremely busy networks, but overuse can lead to concerns of network neutrality if certain types of traffic are severely or completely blocked.	careful use of traffic shaping by the network provider can ensure quality of service for time critical services even on extremely busy networks, but overuse can lead to concerns about network neutrality if certain types of traffic are severely or completely blocked.
however, as noble an effort as it was, the satan bug failed at the box office and remains largely underrated .	however, as noble an effort as it was, the satan bug failed at the box office and remains largely unknown .
islam is a monotheistic religion reveiled in the 600s based on the religious text know as the quran.	islam is a monotheistic religion founded in the 600s based on the religious text know as the quran.
"cup tie between chelsea and sheffield united in 1992. in his autobiography, he recalls fondly : ""i must have been too high, too wild, too strong or too early, because, after three seconds, i could hardly have been too bloody late!"	"cup tie between chelsea and sheffield united in 1992. in his autobiography, he recalls: ""i must have been too high, too wild, too strong or too early, because, after three seconds, i could hardly have been too bloody late!"
all parts of the plant are harvested and used for nutrition, medicine or superstitious purposes.	all parts of the plant are harvested and used for nutrition, medicine or religious purposes.
when senate republicans threatened to invoke the constitutional option over judicial nominations, reid became one of the option's most fervent opponents.	when senate republicans threatened to invoke the nuclear option over judicial nominations, reid became one of the option's most fervent opponents.
rabbi rosen later quoted eminent historian martin gilbert, who says that pius saved thousands of jews.	rabbi rosen later quoted historian martin gilbert, who says that pius saved thousands of jews.
the second preview in september gained only 3.3 million viewers.	the second preview in september gained 3.3 million viewers.
the latter diaries were used, before being published, by american historian william shirer, as a major primary source for his monumental work the rise and fall of the third reich, along with other confidential documents and manuscripts.	the latter diaries were used, before being published, by american historian william shirer, as a major primary source for his work the rise and fall of the third reich, along with other confidential documents and manuscripts.
on 10 february 2012, carney joined uzbekistan first league giant fc bunyodkor.	on 10 february 2012, carney joined uzbekistan first league team fc bunyodkor.
"as well as its campaign against the security forces, the pira occasionally became involved in a ""tit for tat"" cycle of sectarian killings with unionist paramilitaries."	"as well as its campaign against the security forces, the pira occasionally became involved in a ""tit for tat"" cycle of sectarian killings with loyalist paramilitaries."
this is a form of metcalfe's law and suggests that the network was demonstrating network effects proportional to its level of user adoption.	this may be a form of metcalfe's law and suggests that the network was demonstrating network effects proportional to its level of user adoption.
jane wyman (born on january 4, 1914, though some reliable sources claim she was born january 5 1917) is an oscar-winning american actress best known for playing disabled characters such as belinda macdonald in johnny belinda and helen phillips in magnificent obsession.	jane wyman (born on january 4, 1914, though some sources claim she was born january 5 1917) is an oscar-winning american actress best known for playing disabled characters such as belinda macdonald in johnny belinda and helen phillips in magnificent obsession.
10 downing street indicates that prime minister tony blair dissuaded great president george w. bush from launching a bombing raid on al jazeera world headquarters in doha, qatar and other al jazeera locations.	10 downing street indicates that prime minister tony blair dissuaded president george w. bush from launching a bombing raid on al jazeera world headquarters in doha, qatar and other al jazeera locations.
frozen premiered at the el capitan theatre in hollywood, california, on november 19, 2013, had a limited release on november 22 and went into general theatrical release on november 27. it was met with overwhelming positive reviews from critics and audiences; some film critics consider frozen to be the best disney animated feature film since the studio's renaissance era.	frozen premiered at the el capitan theatre in hollywood, california, on november 19, 2013, had a limited release on november 22 and went into general theatrical release on november 27. it was met with positive reviews from critics and audiences; some film critics consider frozen to be the best disney animated feature film since the studio's renaissance era.
"davey gillen, a new ira terrorist prisoner arrives and is shown being categorised as a ""non-conforming prisoner"" for his refusal to wear the prison uniform."	"davey gillen, a new ira prisoner arrives and is shown being categorised as a ""non-conforming prisoner"" for his refusal to wear the prison uniform."
the encyclopdia britannica ( properly spelled with the ligature) is a general encyclopedia published by the privately held encyclopdia britannica inc.. regarded as one of the most important and widely recognized reference works in the english language, the encylopedia was first published progressively from 176871 as encyclopdia britannica, or, a dictionary of arts and sciences, compiled upon a new plan.	the encyclopdia britannica (spelled with the ligature) is a general encyclopedia published by the privately held encyclopdia britannica inc.. regarded as one of the most important and widely recognized reference works in the english language, the encylopedia was first published progressively from 176871 as encyclopdia britannica, or, a dictionary of arts and sciences, compiled upon a new plan.
"however, many critics praised the film for its sharp storytelling and slick style, while other comic book fans as a whole embraced and accepted it as a more serious approach to their genre, and the film went on to become one of the biggest hits of the summer of 2000. the film is also considered to be the patriarch of the current ""comic book movie age"" that hollywood is experiencing, as this film's box office success helped such films as spider-man and spider-man 2, daredevil, fantastic four, the punisher, constantine, batman begins, v for vendetta, the hulk, superman returns, ghost rider, and of course the x-men sequels, x2 and x-men: the last stand."	"however, many critics praised the film for sharp storytelling and slick style, while other comic book fans as a whole embraced and accepted it as a more serious approach to their genre, and the film went on to become one of the biggest hits of the summer of 2000. the film is also considered to be the patriarch of the current ""comic book movie age"" that hollywood is experiencing, as this film's box office success helped such films as spider-man and spider-man 2, daredevil, fantastic four, the punisher, constantine, batman begins, v for vendetta, the hulk, superman returns, ghost rider, and of course the x-men sequels, x2 and x-men: the last stand."
concavities or small folds in the fabric could lead to fluid pooling in the gaps; the crotch area proved extremely difficult to tailor successfully.	concavities or small folds in the fabric could lead to fluid pooling in the gaps; the groin area proved extremely difficult to tailor successfully.
"jesus and christ refer to the same person whom christians believe is god's son, who died on the cross to miraculously save his followers from their sins, and who rose from the dead on the third day after his death and later ascended into heaven where he sits at the ""right hand of god the father."""	"jesus and christ refer to the same person whom christians believe is god's son, who died on the cross to save his followers from their sins, and who rose from the dead on the third day after his death and later ascended into heaven where he sits at the ""right hand of god the father."""
in 2015, the court ruled that it was not genocidal, though it affirmed that the serb population fled as a direct result of the offensive and that serious crimes against civilians had been committed by croatian forces.	in 2015, the court ruled that it was not genocidal, though it affirmed that the serb population fled as a direct result of the offensive and that crimes against civilians had been committed by croatian forces.
the greenhouse conspiracy: british television documentary aired in 1990, rebutting the theory of global warming.	the greenhouse conspiracy: british television documentary aired in 1990, criticizing the theory of global warming.
such statements exhibit a predilection for collectivist principles that opponents of the death tax have long opposed on moral grounds.	such statements exhibit a predilection for collectivist principles that opponents of the estate tax have long opposed on moral grounds.
allan craig macdonald was paroled in late-1989 after serving only 12 years for murdering a police officer and a taxi driver.	allan craig macdonald was paroled in late-1989 after serving 12 years for murdering a police officer and a taxi driver.
"scientology is a system of wacky beliefs, teachings and rituals, originally established as an alternative psychotherapy in 1952 by science-fiction author l. ron hubbard, then recharacterized by him in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy."""	"scientology is a system of beliefs, teachings and rituals, originally established as an alternative psychotherapy in 1952 by science-fiction author l. ron hubbard, then recharacterized by him in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy."""
terrorists plague a colony ship that is mankinds last hope.	terrorists plague a colony ship that is humanitys last hope.
female video game characters tend to suffer from a particularly extreme manifestation of the male gaze.	female video game characters have been criticized as tending to suffer from a particularly extreme manifestation of the male gaze.
mimi hines (born july 17, 1933) is a canadian-born singer and comedienne best known for her appearances on the tonight show and her work on broadway.	mimi hines (born july 17, 1933) is a canadian-born singer and comedian best known for her appearances on the tonight show and her work on broadway.
river oaks baptist school is a private primary and secondary school located in the affluent river oaks neighborhood of houston, texas.	river oaks baptist school is a private primary and secondary school located in the river oaks neighborhood of houston, texas.
informative uk eurofighter site	unofficial uk eurofighter site
the vermont mozart festival is a popular series of indoor and outdoor concerts presented annually at sites throughout the state of vermont.	the vermont mozart festival is a series of indoor and outdoor concerts presented annually at sites throughout the state of vermont.
bart and lisa return to krusty to declare their success, only to find him morbidly obese from drinking several unhealthy milkshakes after believing them to be weight-loss shakes.	bart and lisa return to krusty to declare their success, only to find him morbidly obese from drinking several milkshakes after believing them to be weight-loss shakes.
"1971 - sunofone-j.r.liendocreator of ""red dragon""chess variant"	"1971 - sunofone-j.r.liendo , creator of ""red dragon""chess variant"
"the series' famous theme song, ""those were the days"", was presented in a unique way for a 1970s series, with o'connor and jean stapleton singing the tune on camera at the start of every episode."	"the series' theme song, ""those were the days"", was presented in a unique way for a 1970s series, with o'connor and jean stapleton singing the tune on camera at the start of every episode."
robert william service (january 16, 1874 – september 11, 1958) was a british poet and writer.	robert william service (january 16, 1874 – september 11, 1958) was a poet and writer.
the labour party and the liberal democrats are predominantly pro-abortion-rights parties, though with significant minorities in each either holding extremely restrictive definitions of the right to choose, or subscribing to an anti-abortion analysis.	the labour party and the liberal democrats are predominantly pro-abortion-rights parties, though with significant minorities in each either holding more restrictive definitions of the right to choose, or subscribing to an anti-abortion analysis.
he voted yes on a balanced-budget constitutional amendment, has expressed support for a low tax and spend approach, opposes the death tax , and was rated 100 percent by the cato institute, indicating a pro-free trade voting record.	he voted yes on a balanced-budget constitutional amendment, has expressed support for a low tax and spend approach, opposes the estate tax , and was rated 100 percent by the cato institute, indicating a pro-free trade voting record.
"the statue has at times been dogged by controversy, some critics claiming that the monument invokes memories of racism and slavery, while others counter that ""silent sam"" is simply historical and a part of the rich heritage of the south."	"the statue has at times been dogged by controversy, some critics claiming that the monument invokes memories of racism and slavery, while others counter that ""silent sam"" is simply historical and a part of the heritage of the south."
he is the father to three lovely children.	he is the father to three children.
frederick, , (17 april 1676 25 march 1751) was a supervillain prince consort of sweden from 1718 to 1720, and a king of sweden from 1720 until his death and (as frederick i) also landgrave of hesse-kassel from 1730.	frederick, , (17 april 1676 25 march 1751) was a prince consort of sweden from 1718 to 1720, and a king of sweden from 1720 until his death and (as frederick i) also landgrave of hesse-kassel from 1730.
she is notable for her work helping to defend omar khadr, a captive at guantanamo bay detention camp, charged with murder for the death of an american soldier during a skirmish in afghanistan on july 27 2002.	she is notable for her work helping to defend omar khadr, a detainee at guantanamo bay detention camp, charged with murder for the death of an american soldier during a skirmish in afghanistan on july 27 2002.
according to the creation myth of the abrahamic religions, she was the first woman.	according to the creation narrative of the abrahamic religions, she was the first woman.
there have been no verified cases of this occurrence to date.	there have been no verified cases of this occurring indefinitely to date.
tarzan prevents russian communists from looting the lost city of opar.	tarzan and his monkey friend, nkima, prevent russian communists from looting the lost city of opar.
the party would allow economic freedom and a degree of cultural freedom but would not allow anyone to question the rule of the party over the country.	the party would allow economic liberalization and a degree of cultural freedom but would not allow anyone to question the rule of the party over the country.
on november 15, 2005, vnunet.com finally announced that sony is backing out its copy-protection software, recalling unsold cds from all stores, and offering consumers to exchange their cds with versions lacking the software.	on november 15, 2005, vnunet.com announced that sony is backing out its copy-protection software, recalling unsold cds from all stores, and offering consumers to exchange their cds with versions lacking the software.
he is considered a nazi by many people.	he is considered a populist by many people.
he is most notable for his theory of the origin of chess as a four-player game, known as the cox-forbes theory.	he is most noted for his theory of the origin of chess as a four-player game, known as the cox-forbes theory.
furthermore, various quantities in science are expressed by their logarithms; see logarithmic measure for an explanation and a list.	furthermore, various quantities in science are expressed by their logarithms; see logarithmic scale for an explanation and a list.
"although the act permitted all belligerents to be supplied on a ""cash and carry"" basis, this benefitted the united kingdom and france since they controlled the sea lanes."	"although the act permitted all belligerents to be supplied on a ""cash and carry"" basis, this benifitted the united kingdom and france since they controlled the sea lanes."
used on the superb siemens-schuckert d.iv fighter, the new engine created what is considered by many to be the best aircraft of the war.	used on the siemens-schuckert d.iv fighter, the new engine created what is considered by many to be the best aircraft of the war.
a common element of david willis' work is an unhealthy obsession with transforming robot fandom (he is now the administrator of a transformers wiki) as well as humor.	a common element of david willis' work is an obsession with transforming robot fandom (he is now the administrator of a transformers wiki) as well as humor.
third wave feminism notes the lack of attention to race, class, sexual orientation, and gender identity in early feminist movements, and provides a channel to address political and social disparities.	third wave feminism notes the lack of attention to race, class, sexual orientation, and gender identity in early feminist movements, and tries to provid a channel to address political and social disparities.
the following table from the same book illustrates how social status or caste position is related to test scores and school success in nations around the world.	the following table from the same book intends to illustrate how social status or caste position is related to test scores and school success in nations around the world.
one of the most famous inmates at auschwitz to be murdered by carbolic acid injection was st. maximilian kolbe, a catholic priest who volunteered to undergo three weeks of starvation and dehydration in the place of another inmate and who was finally injected with carbolic acid so that the nazis could make more room in their holding cells.	one of the most famous inmates at auschwitz to be executed by carbolic acid injection was st. maximilian kolbe, a catholic priest who volunteered to undergo three weeks of starvation and dehydration in the place of another inmate and who was finally injected with carbolic acid so that the nazis could make more room in their holding cells.
the episode is parody of the 2006 hit film the departed.	the episode is parody of the 2006 film the departed.
sakai died suddenly on 27 may 2007. police judged her death accidental, the result of a fall from the landing of an emergency-exit slope at keio university hospital, where she was undergoing chemotherapy.	sakai died on 27 may 2007. police judged her death accidental, the result of a fall from the landing of an emergency-exit slope at keio university hospital, where she was undergoing chemotherapy.
zamua (also mazamua) was an ancient pre -european kingdom, corresponding with the earlier kingdom of lullubi, which stretched from lake urmia to the upper reaches of the diyala river, roughly corresponding with the modern sulaimania governorate (still called zamua/zamwa by the kurds) in iraqi kurdistan.	zamua (also mazamua) was an ancient pre - iranic kingdom, corresponding with the earlier kingdom of lullubi, which stretched from lake urmia to the upper reaches of the diyala river, roughly corresponding with the modern sulaimania governorate (still called zamua/zamwa by the kurds) in iraqi kurdistan.
they incorrectly claim that the symptoms of fibromyalgia are manifestations of depression, along with symptoms of unrelated diseases such as chronic fatigue syndrome, epstein-barr syndrome, interstitial cystitis, irritable bowel syndrome, and others.	they claim that the symptoms of fibromyalgia are manifestations of depression, along with symptoms of unrelated diseases such as chronic fatigue syndrome, epstein-barr syndrome, interstitial cystitis, irritable bowel syndrome, and others.
in canada,this involves passing lengthy gruelling exams.	in canada,this involves passing lengthy exams.
the society is supposed to have illicit connections to the cia, illuminati, bilderbergers, and/or freemasons.	the society is alleged to have illicit connections to the cia, illuminati, bilderbergers, and/or freemasons.
nevertheless a persistent number of scholars have long argued that nuclear weapons have in fact served to maintain peace around the world and can continue to do so.	nevertheless a persistent number of scholars have argued that nuclear weapons have in fact served to maintain peace around the world and can continue to do so.
because of his tactical knowledge, charismatic (but also very controversial) personality and what his opponents regard as cynical emphasis on getting results over playing beautiful football, he is often seen, by both admirers and critics, as the successor of legendary argentine manager helenio herrera.	because of his tactical knowledge, charismatic (but also very controversial) personality and what his opponents regard as cynical emphasis on getting results over playing beautiful football, he is often seen, by both admirers and critics, as the successor of argentine manager helenio herrera.
"it was used as the finale song in the 2009-2010 burton snowboards film the b movie, featuring most of the burton team snowboarding on a massive ""b"" built out of snow."	"it was used as the finale song in the 2009-2010 burton snowboards film the b movie, featuring most of the burton team snowboarding on a ""b"" built out of snow."
17 may 1973 - arthur place (29), derek reed (28), sheridan young (26), barry cox (28) and frederick drake (25), all off duty members of the british army, were murdered by a provisional irish republican army booby trap bomb while getting into a car, outside the knock-na-moe castle hotel, omagh.	17 may 1973 - arthur place (29), derek reed (28), sheridan young (26), barry cox (28) and frederick drake (25), all off duty members of the british army, were killed by a provisional irish republican army booby trap bomb while getting into a car, outside the knock-na-moe castle hotel, omagh.
sc johnson gallery: at home with frank lloyd wright showcases a rotating selection of frank lloyd wrights designs and artifacts, and explores the architects influence on families and the american home.	sc johnson gallery: at home with frank lloyd wright displays a rotating selection of frank lloyd wrights designs and artifacts, and explores the architects influence on families and the american home.
he is also known for his wonderful english pronunciation.	he is also known for his english pronunciation.
list of famous ornithologists	list of ornithologists
in the second act parsifal wanders into the domain of klingsor, a magician who is trying to corrupt the knights of the grail and who has stolen from them the spear used to pierce jesus christ during his crucifixion.	in the second act parsifal wanders into the domain of klingsor, a magician who is trying to corrupt the knights of the grail and who has stolen from them the spear used to pierce jesus of nazareth during his crucifixion.
the storm luckily weakened to a tropical storm the next morning after brushing lower plaquemines parish, louisiana with hurricane-force winds.	the storm weakened to a tropical storm the next morning after brushing lower plaquemines parish, louisiana with hurricane-force winds.
like many animated series created by hanna-barbera in the 1970s, the show contained an inferior laugh track created by the studio.	like many animated series created by hanna-barbera in the 1970s, the show contained an laugh track created by the studio.
he was well respected by everyone and advancing in stature within judaism's jerusalem temple leadership before he came to the realization that jesus, by his resurrection from the dead, was actually the lord and the messiah.	he was well respected by everyone and advancing in stature within judaism's jerusalem temple leadership before he came to the decision that jesus, by his resurrection from the dead, was actually the lord and the messiah.
the term arawak (from aru, the lokono word for cassava flour), was used to designate the amerindians slaughtered by the spanish in the west indies.	the term arawak (from aru, the lokono word for cassava flour), was used to designate the amerindians encountered by the spanish in the west indies.
geddy lee oc (born gary lee weinrib, july 29, 1953) is a jewish canadian musician who is the vocalist, virtuoso bassist, and keyboardist for the progressive rock group rush.	geddy lee oc (born gary lee weinrib, july 29, 1953) is a jewish canadian musician who is the vocalist, bassist, and keyboardist for the progressive rock group rush.
at a press conference on 18 may 2005, singh lamented what he said was a deterioration in race relations in fiji, saying that for such a small country, people of all races should live together, put their differences aside, and get on with life.	at a press conference on 18 may 2005, singh commented on what he said was a deterioration in race relations in fiji, saying that for such a small country, people of all races should live together, put their differences aside, and get on with life.
fear factory is an iconic american heavy metal band that was formed in 1989. throughout the band's career, they have released nine full-length albums and have evolved through a succession of styles, including nu metal, death metal, groove metal, and thrash metal.	fear factory is an american heavy metal band that was formed in 1989. throughout the band's career, they have released nine full-length albums and have evolved through a succession of styles, including nu metal, death metal, groove metal, and thrash metal.
luis tosar (born october 13, 1971) is a galician actor, known internationally for his villain role in miami vice (film)	luis tosar (born october 13, 1971) is a spanish actor, known internationally for his villain role in miami vice (film)
"originally a supporting character, elmo's popularity among the show's younger fans quickly rose in the 1990s, which led to him getting his own segment within the show (""elmo's world"") and becoming a major marketing icon."	"originally a supporting character, elmo's popularity among the show's younger fans rose in the 1990s, which led to him getting his own segment within the show (""elmo's world"") and becoming a major marketing icon."
dith piaf (, pee-ahf, pee-ahf 19 december 1915 11 october 1963), born dith giovanna gassion, was a french singer and cultural icon who became universally regarded as france's greatest popular singer.	dith piaf (, pee-ahf, pee-ahf 19 december 1915 11 october 1963), born dith giovanna gassion, was a french singer and cultural icon who became widely regarded as france's greatest popular singer.
cells have been active in the united states, canada, greece, and the united kingdom where the movement was founded.	the organization have been active in the united states, canada, greece, and the united kingdom where the movement was founded.
ali, sam and tom also have a current side project from architects, a punk band aptly named 'punx'.	ali, sam and tom also have a current side project from architects, a punk band named 'punx'.
was a terrorist attack in 1974 which included a two-day hostage-taking of 115 people which ended in the deaths of over 25 hostages.	was a attack in 1974 which included a two-day hostage-taking of 115 people which ended in the deaths of over 25 hostages.
a fraction of palestinians remained within israel's borders following the nakba and are the largest group of arabic-speaking and culturally arab citizens of israel.	a fraction of palestinians remained within israel's borders following the 1948 palestinian exodus and are the largest group of arabic-speaking and culturally arab citizens of israel.
kong: king of skull island, a 2004 sequel-novel which unnecesarilly ignores the son of kong, makes an attempt to reveal the history of skull island before the events of the 1933 film's story.	kong: king of skull island, a 2004 sequel-novel which ignores the son of kong, makes an attempt to reveal the history of skull island before the events of the 1933 film's story.
in recent years, brendel has worked with young pianists such as paul lewis and till felner, he has also recorded with his son adrian brendel, a promising cellist.	in recent years, brendel has worked with young pianists such as paul lewis and till felner, he has also recorded with his son adrian brendel, a cellist.
richard a. cohen, prominently ex-gay, was the president of pfox for a period of time.	richard a. cohen, ex-gay, was the president of pfox for a period of time.
since singapore's separation from malaysia in 1965, it became an independent chinese- dominated nation.	since singapore's separation from malaysia in 1965, it became an independent chinese- majority nation.
feminist political activists commonly campaign on issues such as reproductive rights, violence within a domestic partnership, maternity leave, equal pay, sexual harassment, street harassment, discrimination, and sexual violence.	feminist political activists commonly campaign on issues such as abortion rights, violence within a domestic partnership, maternity leave, equal pay, sexual harassment, street harassment, discrimination, and sexual violence.
in the same place on the political spectrum as its daily sister papers the guardian and the guardian weekly, whose parent company guardian media group limited acquired it in 1993, it takes a social liberal or social democratic line on most issues.	in the same place on the political spectrum as its daily sister papers the guardian and the guardian weekly, whose parent company guardian media group limited acquired it in 1993, it claims to take a social liberal or social democratic line on most issues.
conceding an end to his political hopes, hearst became involved in an affair with popular film actress and comedienne marion davies (18971961), former mistress of his friend paul block, and from about 1919, he lived openly with her in california.	conceding an end to his political hopes, hearst became involved in an affair with popular film actress and comedian marion davies (18971961), former mistress of his friend paul block, and from about 1919, he lived openly with her in california.
the united states presidential election of 1920 was dominated by the aftermath of world war i and a hostile response to certain policies of democratic president woodrow wilson, as well as the massive popular reaction against the reformist zeal of the progressive era.	the united states presidential election of 1920 was dominated by the aftermath of world war i and a hostile response to certain policies of democratic president woodrow wilson, as well as the massive reaction against the reformist zeal of the progressive era.
gustavo ral gmez portillo (born 6 may 1993) is a paraguayan footballer who currently plays for italian giants a.c. milan.	gustavo ral gmez portillo (born 6 may 1993) is a paraguayan footballer who currently plays for italian club a.c. milan.
she went to live in umbria, italy, two hours from rome, but sadly she died of cancer in october 2012.	she went to live in umbria, italy, two hours from rome, but she died of cancer in october 2012.
in 1981, emu and rod hull were offered additional series by the newly awarded itv franchise central independent television, which also introduced a green witch called grotbags (played by the singer and comedienne carol lee scott), with rod and emu living in a pink windmill.	in 1981, emu and rod hull were offered additional series by the newly awarded itv franchise central independent television, which also introduced a green witch called grotbags (played by the singer and comedian carol lee scott), with rod and emu living in a pink windmill.
other iraqi reporters present at the scene offered apologies to president bush.	some iraqi reporters present at the scene offered apologies to president bush.
the combined scores of the amc and the aime are used to determine those that will be invited back to take a grueling 9-hour, 2-day, 6-problem session of proofs known as the united states of america mathematical olympiad (usamo).	the combined scores of the amc and the aime are used to determine those that will be invited back to take a 9-hour, 2-day, 6-problem session of proofs known as the united states of america mathematical olympiad (usamo).
the jeanine machine by s. richard blassberg a damning account of pirro as a corrupt prosecutor.	the jeanine machine by s. richard blassberg a critical account of pirro as a corrupt prosecutor.
currently (as of 2005), in addition to frequent guest-starring roles on many of television's most popular animated series, miller portrays the title characters on cartoon network's the life and times of juniper lee, and clifford's puppy days on pbs.	currently (as of 2005), in addition to guest-starring roles on many of television's most popular animated series, miller portrays the title characters on cartoon network's the life and times of juniper lee, and clifford's puppy days on pbs.
"the image, entitled ""saint or sinner"", was on loan from murray state university in kentucky and reportedly portrayed the blessed virgin mary as a stripper."	"the image, entitled ""saint or sinner"", was on loan from murray state university in kentucky and reportedly portrayed the virgin mary as a stripper."
it takes approximately four years for an apprentice to complete his on-the-job training and schooling.	it takes approximately four years for an apprentice to complete on-the-job training and schooling.
the transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics (tiqm) is an unusual interpretation of quantum mechanics that describes quantum interactions in terms of a standing wave formed by retarded (forward-in-time) and advanced (backward-in-time) waves.	the transactional interpretation of quantum mechanics (tiqm) is an interpretation of quantum mechanics that describes quantum interactions in terms of a standing wave formed by retarded (forward-in-time) and advanced (backward-in-time) waves.
on september 27, 2016, delaney contributed to a comfortable 4-0 victory for his side with a stunning left-footed half-volley from 30 yards against belgian side club brugge kv in the uefa champions league.	on september 27, 2016, delaney contributed to a comfortable 4-0 victory for his side with a left-footed half-volley from 30 yards against belgian side club brugge kv in the uefa champions league.
groups characterized as cults or as having non-mainstream beliefs have often been able to gain political clout ; for instance, the unification church (by way of ownership of the influential newspaper, the washington times), and scientology (by way of its hollywood connections, which some observers have suggested gave it clout with the clinton administration).	groups characterized as cults or as having non-mainstream beliefs have often been able to gain political influence ; for instance, the unification church (by way of ownership of the influential newspaper, the washington times), and scientology (by way of its hollywood connections, which some observers have suggested gave it clout with the clinton administration).
the common law offences were seen as unacceptably vague and open to development by the courts in silly ways which might offend the principle of certainty.	the common law offences were seen as unacceptably vague and open to development by the courts in ways which might offend the principle of certainty.
redirect povoao municipality	redirect povoao (azores)
scheme's philosophy is unashamedly minimalist.	scheme's philosophy is minimalist.
to the residents of mobile bay's eastern and western shores, the jubilee remains as a mysterious -- and most welcomed -- gift from god .	to the residents of mobile bay's eastern and western shores, the jubilee remains as a mysterious -- and most welcomed -- gift from nature .
briscoe had already been a key figure in the formation in his own fianna fail party out of the old ira post irish independence but not before bitter civil war, he prompted menachem begin to make the transition immediately after the altalena affair in order to avoid a civil conflict.	briscoe had already been a key figure in the formation in his own fianna fail party out of the anti-treaty ira post irish independence but not before bitter civil war, he prompted menachem begin to make the transition immediately after the altalena affair in order to avoid a civil conflict.
lisle took out an injunction in a bahamian court where controversial judge stephen isaacs attempted to prohibit concacaf from interfering with lisle austin in the discharge of his duties as acting president	lisle took out an injunction in a bahamian court where judge stephen isaacs attempted to prohibit concacaf from interfering with lisle austin in the discharge of his duties as acting president
israel versus u.s. interests	israel and u.s. interests
lindale high school is quite active in university interscholastic league competition academically, athletically, and musically, winning the state academic championship three times.	lindale high school is active in university interscholastic league competition academically, athletically, and musically, winning the state academic championship three times.
delas alas is also one of the main hosts and comediennes in the newest sunday afternoon comedy variety show sunday pinasaya alongside marian rivera and the comedy duo jose manalo and wally bayola.	delas alas is also one of the main hosts and comedians in the newest sunday afternoon comedy variety show sunday pinasaya alongside marian rivera and the comedy duo jose manalo and wally bayola.
one set of researchers has even recorded a clinal variation between propithecus diadema and propithecus edwardsi in the extreme southern portion of the range.	one set of researchers has recorded a clinal variation between propithecus diadema and propithecus edwardsi in the extreme southern portion of the range.
although mafia is usually played face to face, playing it online is also fun .	although mafia is usually played face to face, playing it online is also common .
buddhism has been said to be idolatrous in nature by some ill-informed adherents of abrahamic faiths.	buddhism has been said to be idolatrous in nature by some adherents of abrahamic faiths.
dumas got the idea for the character of edmond from a story which he found in a book compiled by jacques peuchet, archivist to the french police.	dumas may have gotten the idea for the character of edmond from a story which he found in a book compiled by jacques peuchet, archivist to the french police.
noise cancellation makes it possible to enjoy music without raising the volume excessively.	noise cancellation makes it possible to listen to music without raising the volume excessively.
ms lvy is the eldest daughter from the first marriage of celebrated philosopher, writer, and intellectual, bernard-henri lvy.	ms lvy is the eldest daughter from the first marriage of french philosopher, writer, and intellectual, bernard-henri lvy.
the idea of evolutionary enlightenment as a spiritual practice has been pioneered by andrew cohen.	the idea of evolutionary enlightenment as a spiritual practice has been put forward by andrew cohen.
"in a commentary in the guardian, annie proulx—the author of the short story on which brokeback mountain was based—harshly lashed out at the selection of crash, labeling it ""trash"" and denouncing academy voters as ""living cloistered lives behind wrought-iron gates or in deluxe rest-homes, out of touch not only with the shifting larger culture and the yeasty ferment that is america these days, but also out of touch with their own segregated city""; calling the attendees a ""somewhat dim la crowd,"" she pouted that ""next year we can look to the awards for controversial themes on the punishment of adulterers with a branding iron in the shape of the letter a, runaway slaves, and the debate over free silver."""	"in a commentary in the guardian, annie proulx—the author of the short story on which brokeback mountain was based—harshly lashed out at the selection of crash, labeling it ""trash"" and denouncing academy voters as ""living cloistered lives behind wrought-iron gates or in deluxe rest-homes, out of touch not only with the shifting larger culture and the yeasty ferment that is america these days, but also out of touch with their own segregated city""; calling the attendees a ""somewhat dim la crowd,"" she suggested that ""next year we can look to the awards for controversial themes on the punishment of adulterers with a branding iron in the shape of the letter a, runaway slaves, and the debate over free silver."""
there are several amazing bakeries and delicatessens found along the full length of roncesvalles.	there are several bakeries and delicatessens found along the full length of roncesvalles.
into the modern period, elves appear in english literature from shakespeare to tolkien, and in the 19th to 20th century elves appeared in a flood of kitch art.	into the modern period, elves appear in english literature from shakespeare to tolkien, and in the 19th to 20th century elves appeared in a flood of art.
fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the ruler of cuba since 1959, when he commanded the attack that overthrew fulgencio batista.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the leader of cuba since 1959, when he commanded the attack that overthrew fulgencio batista.
duncan smith was born in edinburgh, scotland, in 1954. he is the son of w. g. g. duncan smith, a decorated royal air force flying ace of world war ii, and pamela summers, a ballerina, who were married in 1946. he claims that he is a descendant of adam duncan, the admiral who defeated the dutch navy at the battle of camperdown in 1797. this is unlikely.	duncan smith was born in edinburgh, scotland, in 1954. he is the son of w. g. g. duncan smith, a decorated royal air force flying ace of world war ii, and pamela summers, a ballerina, who were married in 1946. he implies that he is a descendant of adam duncan, the admiral who defeated the dutch navy at the battle of camperdown in 1797. this is unlikely.
the film is extremely similar to steven spielberg's jaws and was marketed in many areas as a part of the franchise.	the film is similar to steven spielberg's jaws and was marketed in many areas as a part of the franchise.
fagan returned the favour in the second leg when he set russell up to open the scoring in a 21 after extra-time to earn a tie with german giants hannover 96.	fagan returned the favour in the second leg when he set russell up to open the scoring in a 21 after extra-time to earn a tie with german culb hannover 96.
later, libyan state television broadcast what it claimed a live speech by gaddafi from within libya, refuting claims that he had fled earlier.	later, libyan state television broadcast what it claimed a live speech by gaddafi from within libya, bringing into question claims that he had fled earlier.
apparently he had tried to wrest the gun from the officer and was shot in the ensuing struggle.	according to the police he had tried to wrest the gun from the officer and was shot in the ensuing struggle.
she now works as a natural therapist and childcare worker, ironically having fostered children of her own.	she now works as a natural therapist and childcare worker, having fostered children of her own.
tokyo blitz (september 29 2003) poohead	tokyo blitz (september 29 2003)
a few years later, when he was invited by hal prince to write the score for a film remake starring angela lansbury as a fading musical comedienne rather than a silent film star, sondheim declined, citing his conversation with wilder.	a few years later, when he was invited by hal prince to write the score for a film remake starring angela lansbury as a fading musical comedian rather than a silent film star, sondheim declined, citing his conversation with wilder.
"microsoft inc. vs lindows.com is a silly court case brought by microsoft against the debian linux distro lindows, claiming that the name ""lindows"" was a violation of its trademark ""windows."""	"microsoft inc. vs lindows.com is a court case brought by microsoft against the debian linux distro lindows, claiming that the name ""lindows"" was a violation of its trademark ""windows."""
legendary rocker keith richards, depp's personal friend and inspiration for his flamboyant pirate persona, had originally agreed to appear in a cameo role as jack sparrow's father, but had to pull out due to a commitment with the rolling stones concert tour.	rocker keith richards, depp's personal friend and inspiration for his flamboyant pirate persona, had originally agreed to appear in a cameo role as jack sparrow's father, but had to pull out due to a commitment with the rolling stones concert tour.
"a more complex sentence, such as ""il ne savait peut-tre plus ce qu'il faisait"" (""perhaps he knew no more what he was doing""), can become ""i n'savait p'tt plus c'qui v'zait"" in savp tt plys kiv z, or even worse , ""i sa'ait tt' pu c'qui v'zait"" i sap tt pys kiv z."	"a more complex sentence, such as ""il ne savait peut-tre plus ce qu'il faisait"" (""perhaps he knew no more what he was doing""), can become ""i n'savait p'tt plus c'qui v'zait"" in savp tt plys kiv z, or even further relaxed , ""i sa'ait tt' pu c'qui v'zait"" i sap tt pys kiv z."
his trophy architect girlfriend, cathy (played by bisset), drives him to the swanky hotel, where he discovers the woman has been murdered.	his architect girlfriend, cathy (played by bisset), drives him to the swanky hotel, where he discovers the woman has been murdered.
in may 2002, the dmca carp ruling came into effect, which enabled riaa representatives to subject online broadcasters to onerous royalty fees, designed in the opinion of many online broadcasters to drive those broadcasters out of business.	in may 2002, the dmca carp ruling came into effect, which enabled riaa representatives to subject online broadcasters to royalty fees, designed in the opinion of many online broadcasters to drive those broadcasters out of business.
terri schiavo officially died at 9:05 a.m. est on thursday, march 31, 2005, with her husband michael at her side.	terri schiavo died at 9:05 a.m. est on thursday, march 31, 2005, with her husband michael at her side.
heroin is used as a good drug for the intense euphoria it induces, which diminishes with increased tolerance.	heroin is used as a recreational drug for the intense euphoria it induces, which diminishes with increased tolerance.
olymbias (, named after olympias; macedonian slavic: , rakita) is a village located 12 km northwest of ptolemaida municipality, kozani prefecture, within the greek region of macedonia.	olymbias (, named after olympias; slavic: , rakita) is a village located 12 km northwest of ptolemaida municipality, kozani prefecture, within the greek region of macedonia.
the interview has since been used by a number of anti-pornography pressure groups to support their case that pornography is exploitative of the women who appear in it; nevertheless, belladonna remains an active performer in the industry.	the interview has since been used by a number of anti-pornography groups to support their case that pornography is exploitative of the women who appear in it; nevertheless, belladonna remains an active performer in the industry.
these drivers provide printing services for unix systems (including gnu/ linux), mac os x, risc os, haiku and microsoft windows.	these drivers provide printing services for unix systems (including linux), mac os x, risc os, haiku and microsoft windows.
exitos y recuerdos (english: hits and memories) is a greatest hits collection by selena, released a year after she was tragically killed.	exitos y recuerdos (english: hits and memories) is a greatest hits collection by selena, released a year after she was killed.
a second season has already been green-lit by netflix with production to begin in 2018.	a second season has been green-lit by netflix with production to begin in 2018.
PUNCT PUNCT PUNCT PRON VERB VERB NOUN ADP DET NOUN ADP ADJ ADJ NOUN CCONJ VERB PRON ADP ADJ NOUN PUNCT NOUN NOUN NOUN PROPN NOUN NOUN NOUN PUNCT ADV ADV NOUN PUNCT PUNCT DET ADJ NOUN NOUN ADV VERB ADP DET ADJ NOUN PUNCT	punct punct punct nsubj ROOT ROOT dobj prep det pobj prep poss compound pobj cc conj dobj prep poss pobj punct amod amod amod compound conj conj conj punct advmod advmod appos punct punct det amod appos appos advmod acl prep det amod pobj punct
after the war, the slogan designated the official policy of inter-ethnic relations in the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia, as embodied in its federal constitutions of 1963 and of 1974. the policy prescribed that yugoslavia's nations (serbs, croats, bosniaks , macedonians, slovenes, montenegrins) and national minorities (albanians, hungarians, romanians, bulgarians, jews, italians, and others) are equal groups that coexist peacefully in the federation, promoting their similarities and interdependence in order to overcome national conflicts and hatred.	after the war, the slogan designated the official policy of inter-ethnic relations in the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia, as embodied in its federal constitutions of 1963 and of 1974. the policy prescribed that yugoslavia's nations (serbs, croats, muslims , macedonians, slovenes, montenegrins) and national minorities (albanians, hungarians, romanians, bulgarians, jews, italians, and others) are equal groups that coexist peacefully in the federation, promoting their similarities and interdependence in order to overcome national conflicts and hatred.
"whistleblowers are sometimes seen as selfless martyrs for public interest and organizational accountability; others view them unfairly as ""traitors"" or ""defectors."""	"whistleblowers are sometimes seen as selfless martyrs for public interest and organizational accountability; others view them as ""traitors"" or ""defectors."""
kitcher's prodigious published contributions to philosophy are matched by her contributions to the philosophical community.	kitcher's published contributions to philosophy are matched by her contributions to the philosophical community.
thanks in part to the renewed expansion of the federal government, washington has experienced a huge housing boom that has seen thousands of units constructed, along with thousands of people moving to the district.	due in part to the renewed expansion of the federal government, washington has experienced a huge housing boom that has seen thousands of units constructed, along with thousands of people moving to the district.
"the sngth and range of the electric force and the good conductivity of plasmas usually ensure that the density of positive and negative charges in any sizeable region are equal (""quasineutrality"")."	"the strength and range of the electric force and the good conductivity of plasmas usually ensure that the density of positive and negative charges in any sizeable region are equal (""quasineutrality"")."
burr's seminal work at yale aimed at a gradual accumulation of hard data to support the hypothesis of the bio-electric field as having emergent, unexplained qualities and acting as a causal agent in development, healing, mood and health.	burr's work at yale aimed at a gradual accumulation of hard data to support the hypothesis of the bio-electric field as having emergent, unexplained qualities and acting as a causal agent in development, healing, mood and health.
she rightly noted that very little if any evidence of a minoan male ruler exists, whereas abundant evidence of such rulers existed among the egyptians, hittites, sumerians and other minoan contemporaries.	she noted that very little if any evidence of a minoan male ruler exists, whereas abundant evidence of such rulers existed among the egyptians, hittites, sumerians and other minoan contemporaries.
contradictory post-war assessments	conflicting post-war assessments
she expressed regret for her actions many times over the years, but many americans remain hostile to her.	she expressed regret for her actions many times over the years, but some americans remain hostile to her.
he notably represented cardiganshire and berwick-upon-tweed in the house of commons and held minor governmental office.	he represented cardiganshire and berwick-upon-tweed in the house of commons and held minor governmental office.
son and an accomplice tortured and repeatedly raped their young victim before releasing her with her knickers tied around her eyes.	son and an accomplice tortured and repeatedly raped their young victim before releasing her with her underwear tied around her eyes.
as an actress, basil started off in the classic films easy rider and five easy pieces.	as an actress, basil started off in the films easy rider and five easy pieces.
"on her september 27 stop in jidda, saudi arabia during a maladroit talk with female students, she expressed her wish that women could ""fully participate in society"" as they do in the united states."	"on her september 27 stop in jidda, saudi arabia during a talk with female students, she expressed her wish that women could ""fully participate in society"" as they do in the united states."
maya rudolph (born 1972), actress and comedienne	maya rudolph (born 1972), actress and comedian
the election of a bnp candidate in 2009 made her the first ever county councillor to represent the extreme party.	the election of a bnp candidate in 2009 made her the first ever county councillor to represent the party.
example city council chambers, bedford, ohio: national, state and local flags, seal of the city, panel of city officials and councilmen , and podium for citizens to appear before the council	example city council chambers, bedford, ohio: national, state and local flags, seal of the city, panel of city officials and councilmembers , and podium for citizens to appear before the council
a successful businessman and former legislator, mark is a native kansan who grew up in wichita and now resides in olathe.	a businessman and former legislator, mark is a native kansan who grew up in wichita and now resides in olathe.
whereas many studies have shown that the atkins diet helps prevent cardiovascular disease, lowers the low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol, and increases the amount of hdl cholesterol, other studies state that the diet contributes to cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, osteoporosis, and kidney stones.	whereas many studies have shown that the atkins diet helps prevent cardiovascular disease, lowers the low density lipoprotein (ldl) cholesterol, and increases the amount of hdl cholesterol, other studies have demonstrated that the diet contributes to cardiovascular disease, coronary heart disease, arrhythmia, osteoporosis, and kidney stones.
a year later she came out with self-titled carolina, an awful attempt at producing generic dance music.	a year later she came out with self-titled carolina, an attempt at producing generic dance music.
torture manuals declassified us military manuals which advocated torture.	u.s. army and cia interrogation manuals declassified us military manuals which advocated torture.
"the boudin bakery (pronounced ""bo-deen"") is a famous bakery situated in san francisco, california known for its sourdough bread (called original san francisco sourdough french bread)."	"the boudin bakery (pronounced ""bo-deen"") is a bakery situated in san francisco, california known for its sourdough bread (called original san francisco sourdough french bread)."
"through its four campuses (pamplona, san sebastin, madrid and barcelona), the university confers 27 official degrees and administers more than 300 postgraduate programs (including 33 doctoral programs and 13 master's programs) through 10 schools, 2 superior colleges, 2 university schools, its world-renowned graduate business school, iese (""instituto de estudios superiores de la empresa""; in english: ""international graduate school of management"" or ""institute of higher business studies""), issa (""instituto superior de secretariado y administracion""; engl."	"through its four campuses (pamplona, san sebastin, madrid and barcelona), the university confers 27 official degrees and administers more than 300 postgraduate programs (including 33 doctoral programs and 13 master's programs) through 10 schools, 2 superior colleges, 2 university schools, its graduate business school, iese (""instituto de estudios superiores de la empresa""; in english: ""international graduate school of management"" or ""institute of higher business studies""), issa (""instituto superior de secretariado y administracion""; engl."
the bizzare indicent was considered especially inappropriate, since schulz is a socialist, a group who themselves were persecuted and sent to concentration camps, while berlusconi himself is leading a government including the successor of the italian fascist party, and whose deputy once said that benito mussolini was a great italian statesman.	the indicent was considered especially inappropriate, since schulz is a socialist, a group who themselves were persecuted and sent to concentration camps, while berlusconi himself is leading a government including the successor of the italian fascist party, and whose deputy once said that benito mussolini was a great italian statesman.
but gradually tensions rose between these two great men.	but gradually tensions rose between these two men.
it is noted for its detention in 2004 over an apparent fraud scheme, and its brief seizure by pirates near somalia in 2009.	it is noted for its detention in 2004 over an apparent fraud scheme, and its seizure by pirates near somalia in 2009.
many americans were exposed to this group of languages through the	many people were exposed to this group of languages through the
however, it has been confirmed that sharon osbourne will be returning for a fourth series of the show, unlike unlucky louis walsh and presenter kate thornton.	however, it has been confirmed that sharon osbourne will be returning for a fourth series of the show, unlike louis walsh and presenter kate thornton.
in spite of the 1994 ceasefire accord and the ongoing un-monitored and russian-dominated cis peacekeeping operation, the sovereignty dispute has not yet been resolved and the region remains divided between the two rival authorities, with over 83 percent of its territory controlled by the russian-backed sukhumi-based separatist government and about 17 percent governed by the government of the autonomous republic of abkhazia, recognized by georgia as the legal authority of abkhazia, located in the kodori valley, part of georgian-controlled upper abkhazia.	in spite of the 1994 ceasefire accord and the ongoing un-monitored and russian-dominated cis peacekeeping operation, the sovereignty dispute has not yet been resolved and the region remains divided between the two rival authorities, with over 83 percent of its territory controlled by the sukhumi-based separatist government and about 17 percent governed by the government of the autonomous republic of abkhazia, recognized by georgia as the legal authority of abkhazia, located in the kodori valley, part of georgian-controlled upper abkhazia.
"poston imprisoned over 17,000 japanese americans and at the time was the third largest ""city"" in arizona."	"poston interned over 17,000 japanese americans and at the time was the third largest ""city"" in arizona."
"following her primary victory, a liberal washington d.c. watchdog group alleged that o'donnell made false statements on federal elections commission filings and illegally used more than $20,000 of her campaign funds as ""her very own personal piggy bank"" by claiming expenses during a time when she had no official campaign."	"following her primary victory, a washington d.c. watchdog group alleged that o'donnell made false statements on federal elections commission filings and illegally used more than $20,000 of her campaign funds as ""her very own personal piggy bank"" by claiming expenses during a time when she had no official campaign."
monty python's monty python and the holy grail, a hilarious parody of the traditional king arthur legend.	monty python's monty python and the holy grail, a comedic parody of the traditional king arthur legend.
through her marriage to james rothschild, she became a member of the noble rothschild family.	through her marriage to james rothschild, she became a member of the rothschild family.
he also stated that he was retaining authority on matters that the constitution required him to retain authority over, presumably foreign affairs and defense policy, as well as relations with china .	he also stated that he was retaining authority on matters that the constitution required him to retain authority over, presumably foreign affairs and defense policy, as well as relations with the prc .
the same year, she appeared in several webisodes of a jersey shore parody in the format of masterpiece theatre, alongside youtube comedienne ceciley jenkins.	the same year, she appeared in several webisodes of a jersey shore parody in the format of masterpiece theatre, alongside youtube comedian ceciley jenkins.
this is a perversion of a device known as a dead man's switch, which is designed to save lives in the event of operator incapacitation.	this is a alteration of a device known as a dead man's switch, which is designed to save lives in the event of operator incapacitation.
marquette university is a top-ranked , private, coeducational, jesuit, roman catholic university located in milwaukee, wisconsin, in the united states of america.	marquette university is a, private, coeducational, jesuit, roman catholic university located in milwaukee, wisconsin, in the united states of america.
her first collection, looking through letterboxes (published in 2002 when she was only 15), is a collection of poems built on the traditions of fairy tale, fantasy and romance.	her first collection, looking through letterboxes (published in 2002 when she was 15), is a collection of poems built on the traditions of fairy tale, fantasy and romance.
thumb the effects of addiction on society vary considerably between different substances that can be smoked and the indirect social problems that they cause, in great part because of the differences in legislation and the enforcement of narcotics legislation around the world.	the effects of addiction on society vary considerably between different substances that can be smoked and the indirect social problems that they cause, in great part because of the differences in legislation and the enforcement of narcotics legislation around the world.
the jamil hussein controversy was an instance where bloggers disputed the proper fact checking of the mainstream media.	the jamil hussein controversy was an instance where bloggers disputed the fact checking of the mainstream media.
harris coggeshall (september 23, 1907 - june 26, 1993) was an outstanding american tennis player in the 1920s and 1930s.	harris coggeshall (september 23, 1907 - june 26, 1993) was an american tennis player in the 1920s and 1930s.
"accordingly, the story is singularly characterized by an effective combination of both light-hearted comedy and dark, epic fantasy: time magazine has called the series ""as sweeping as the lord of the rings cycle, but much funnier."""	"accordingly, the story is singularly characterized by an combination of both light-hearted comedy and dark, epic fantasy: time magazine has called the series ""as sweeping as the lord of the rings cycle, but much funnier."""
a primary concern of socialism (and, according to some, its defining feature) is social equality and an equitable distribution of wealth that would serve the interests of society as a whole.	a primary concern of socialism (and, according to some, its defining feature) is social equality and an egalitarian distribution of wealth that would serve the interests of society as a whole.
nonetheless, mariscal held the fortress, in spite of tragic devastation.	nonetheless, mariscal held the fortress, in spite of considerable structural devastation.
though the band only released three studio albums (nothing's shocking, ritual de lo habitual and strays) and one live album (jane's addiction), its effect on the rock and alternative music scenes was enormous.	though the band released three studio albums (nothing's shocking, ritual de lo habitual and strays) and one live album (jane's addiction), its effect on the rock and alternative music scenes was enormous.
on june 26, 2013, he scored a brilliant goal against uruguay.	on june 26, 2013, he scored a goal against uruguay.
some of the most publicized atrocities include:	some of the most publicized abuses include:
kingdom hall of jehovah's witnessesjehovah's witnesses are members of an international religious sect of the same name.	kingdom hall of jehovah's witnessesjehovah's witnesses are members of an international religious organization of the same name.
a woman wearing a microkini.a microkini is an extremely scant form of bikini or women's one-piece swimsuit, designed to cover only the minimum required parts of a wearer's body.	a woman wearing a microkini.a microkini is an extremely skimpy form of bikini or women's one-piece swimsuit, designed to cover only the minimum required parts of a wearer's body.
however, the mild to moderate safety profile and manufacturers claims have been strongly contested by groups of people who suffered serious long term harm to their health from using fluoroquinolones.	however, the mild to moderate safety profile and manufacturers claims have been contested by groups of people who suffered serious long term harm to their health from using fluoroquinolones.
he was the last king of the brahmin kingdom of kashi.	he was the last king of the kingdom of kashi.
october 3 game one the cardinals set a new nlds record with seven runs in an inning, highlighted by carlos beltran's towering three-run home run (443 feet), his 15th in post-season play tying babe ruth for eighth place on the list.	october 3 game one the cardinals set a new nlds record with seven runs in an inning, highlighted by carlos beltran's three-run home run (443 feet), his 15th in post-season play tying babe ruth for eighth place on the list.
murnau's nosferatu ( magnificently portrayed by max schrek) was ancient-looking and ugly, as he was expected to be at that time.	murnau's nosferatu (portrayed by max schrek) was ancient-looking and ugly, as he was expected to be at that time.
the british museum in london, england is one of the world's largest museums of human history and culture.	the british museum in london, england is one of the world's greatest museums of human history and culture.
jean mcconville (ne murray; 7 may 1934 december 1972) was a woman from belfast, northern ireland, who was kidnapped, brutally beaten, and finally shot dead by the provisional ira and secretly buried in county louth in the republic of ireland in 1972. she was wrongly accused of passing information to british forces.	jean mcconville (ne murray; 7 may 1934 december 1972) was a woman from belfast, northern ireland, who was kidnapped, brutally beaten, and finally shot dead by the provisional ira and secretly buried in county louth in the republic of ireland in 1972. she was accused of passing information to british forces.
"the cru's researchers said that the e-mails ""have been taken out of context and merely reflect an honest exchange of ideas."""	"the cru's researchers claimed that the e-mails ""have been taken out of context and merely reflect an honest exchange of ideas."""
in 2001, he starred as principal jindraike in disney's hilarious max keeble's big move.	in 2001, he starred as principal jindraike in disney's max keeble's big move.
most of these irreplaceable items were sold by cunard to istithmar when they purchased qe2.	most of these items were sold by cunard to istithmar when they purchased qe2.
as part of the deal lagunitas will no longer be considered a craft brewery under the contentious brewers association definition of 'craft' as heineken's stake is greater than 25%.	as part of the deal lagunitas will no longer be considered a craft brewery under the brewers association definition of 'craft' as heineken's stake is greater than 25%.
when it was later discovered that all fossil fuels contain traces of biological debris, the implausible biogenic theory gained strength because the idea that life (even microbial life) could exist at the depths at which petroleum had been found seemed even less plausible.	when it was later discovered that all fossil fuels contain traces of biological debris, the biogenic theory gained strength because the idea that life (even microbial life) could exist at the depths at which petroleum had been found seemed even less plausible.
an atmospheric diving suit or ads is a small one- man articulated submersible of anthropomorphic form which resembles a suit of armour, with elaborate pressure joints to allow articulation while maintaining an internal pressure of one atmosphere.	an atmospheric diving suit or ads is a small one- person articulated submersible of anthropomorphic form which resembles a suit of armour, with elaborate pressure joints to allow articulation while maintaining an internal pressure of one atmosphere.
at the end of the 2012-13 school year, wau quietly eliminated their division i men's volleyball program, along with the division ii baseball, softball, and men's and women's track and field program.	at the end of the 2012-13 school year, wau eliminated their division i men's volleyball program, along with the division ii baseball, softball, and men's and women's track and field program.
during world war ii, nearly 4,000 kamikaze pilots were sacrificed .	during world war ii, nearly 4,000 kamikaze pilots were killed .
twice is also one of the star-studded celebrity endorsers of lotte duty free.	twice is also one of the celebrity endorsers of lotte duty free.
on the chef boyardee official site, there is a disturbing game where the player controls the beast into finding chef boyardee cans in either tents, cars, or coolers before the hunger meter becomes full allowing hunger to take over.	on the chef boyardee official site, there is a game where the player controls the beast into finding chef boyardee cans in either tents, cars, or coolers before the hunger meter becomes full allowing hunger to take over.
the news show noted that continental airlines, and other large carriers, have developed regional airlines to help lower costs by reducing experience requirements of their employees.	the news show alleged that continental airlines, and other large carriers, have developed regional airlines to help lower costs by reducing experience requirements of their employees.
in the 2004 american league championship series, rodriguez blatantly hit the ball out of boston red sox pitcher bronson arroyo's hand while he was attempting to apply a tag.	in the 2004 american league championship series, rodriguez hit the ball out of boston red sox pitcher bronson arroyo's hand while he was attempting to apply a tag.
"traditional christians define liberal christianity as ""a movement that seeks to retain religious and spiritual values of christianity while discounting the infallible authority of the bible."	"conservative christians define liberal christianity as ""a movement that seeks to retain religious and spiritual values of christianity while discounting the infallible authority of the bible."
they are meant to be a secondary source of islam with the primary source being the holy quran.	they are meant to be a secondary source of islam with the primary source being the quran.
rosary high school is an exclusive roman catholic catholic all-girls college preparatory high school located in fullerton, california.	rosary high school is an roman catholic catholic all-girls college preparatory high school located in fullerton, california.
rightthe spice networks is a group of pornographic pay-per-view channels available via cable, iptv and satellite services,and available in more than 72 countries including the united states and new zealand.	rightthe spice networks is a group of adult pay-per-view channels available via cable, iptv and satellite services,and available in more than 72 countries including the united states and new zealand.
united won 1-0 via a paul scholes wondergoal , taking the manchester club back to the champions league final for the first time since 1999. in the 2008 uefa champions league final, tvez scored the first penalty in the shootout against chelsea, which manchester united won 6-5 after the match had ended 1-1 after extra time.	united won 1-0 via a paul scholes goal , taking the manchester club back to the champions league final for the first time since 1999. in the 2008 uefa champions league final, tvez scored the first penalty in the shootout against chelsea, which manchester united won 6-5 after the match had ended 1-1 after extra time.
his birth, family, and childhood are of little historical interest, except for the later traditions and dogma they sparked.	his birth, family, and childhood are of little historical interest, except for the later traditions and doctrines they sparked.
"however, he continued to attack the couple on twitter, claiming that khazir khan ""viciously attacked me"" and tweeting: ""this story is not about mr. khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather radical islamic terrorism and the u.s. get smart!"""	"however, he continued to attack the couple on twitter, saying that khazir khan ""viciously attacked me"" and tweeting: ""this story is not about mr. khan, who is all over the place doing interviews, but rather radical islamic terrorism and the u.s. get smart!"""
lie to me is an u.s. american television series that originally ran on the fox network from january 21, 2009 to january 31, 2011. in the show, dr. cal lightman (tim roth) and his colleagues in the lightman group accept assignments from third parties (commonly local and federal law enforcement), and assist in investigations, reaching the truth through applied psychology: interpreting microexpressions, through the facial action coding system, and body language.	lie to me is an american television series that originally ran on the fox network from january 21, 2009 to january 31, 2011. in the show, dr. cal lightman (tim roth) and his colleagues in the lightman group accept assignments from third parties (commonly local and federal law enforcement), and assist in investigations, reaching the truth through applied psychology: interpreting microexpressions, through the facial action coding system, and body language.
lerners eclectic approaches have resulted in challenges to his religious, as well as political, credentials.	lerners approaches have resulted in challenges to his religious, as well as political, credentials.
"whitford also made a memorable guest appearance on er in the emmy award-winning march 1995 episode ""love's labor lost""."	"whitford also made a guest appearance on er in the emmy award-winning march 1995 episode ""love's labor lost""."
the 700 club is a right-wing christian news and talk show hosted by religious leader pat robertson, airing on cable's abc family and in syndication throughout the united states and canada.	the 700 club is a christian news and talk show hosted by religious leader pat robertson, airing on cable's abc family and in syndication throughout the united states and canada.
each and every year hilton puts on a fantastic craft sale called the apple festival.	each and every year hilton puts on a craft sale called the apple festival.
justice ginsburg gives an summary of most of the above-cited jurisprudence relating to traffic stops.	justice ginsburg gives a comprehensive summary of most of the above-cited jurisprudence relating to traffic stops.
delayed allocation can result in massive data loss when the system crashes after a not properly secured write.	delayed allocation can result in data loss when the system crashes after a not properly secured write.
apollo carreon quiboloy is the founder and leader of the philippines based cult , the kingdom of jesus christ, the name above every name, inc. he has made claims that he is the messiah of the christian tradition.	apollo carreon quiboloy is the founder and leader of the philippines based christian church , the kingdom of jesus christ, the name above every name, inc. he has made claims that he is the messiah of the christian tradition.
narayan sarovar - a lake that surrounds the main akshardham monument.	narayan sarovar - a lake that surrounds the main monument.
along the way he encounters the irrepressible lady chablis, a drag queen comedienne ; sonny seiler, lawyer to williams, whose famous dog uga is the official mascot of the georgia bulldogs, an odd man who keeps flies attached to mini leashes on his lapels and threatens daily to poison the water supply; the married ladies card club; and minerva, a spiritualist.	along the way he encounters the irrepressible lady chablis, a drag queen comedian ; sonny seiler, lawyer to williams, whose famous dog uga is the official mascot of the georgia bulldogs, an odd man who keeps flies attached to mini leashes on his lapels and threatens daily to poison the water supply; the married ladies card club; and minerva, a spiritualist.
villages were burnt, crops destroyed and families executed, reducing a valuable farming area into a wasteland as revenge for the peasants misguided attempt to reverse the social order.	villages were burnt, crops destroyed and families executed, reducing a valuable farming area into a wasteland as revenge for the peasants attempt to reverse the social order.
gyllensten left the swedish academy in 1989 as a result of its failure to support salman rushdie following the fatwa calling for rushdie's death as a result of his controversial novel the satanic verses.	gyllensten left the swedish academy in 1989 as a result of its failure to support salman rushdie following the fatwa calling for rushdie's death as a result of his novel the satanic verses.
the nationalist party seeks national liberation, as does the pip, albeit through different means; the nationalist party, for example does not participate in colonial-commonwealth elections held every four years.	the nationalist party seeks national liberation, as does the pip, albeit through different means; the nationalist party, for example does not participate in elections held every four years.
when england went to war with france in 1557, the local justice of the peace, who seems to have been a personal enemy, made sure that poor thomas was forced into military service.	when england went to war with france in 1557, the local justice of the peace, who seems to have been a personal enemy, made sure that thomas was forced into military service.
however, they are still more observant to jewish traditions than the more liberal sects of judaism.	however, they are often more observant to jewish traditions than the more liberal sects of judaism.
in recognition of the cairo opera house, the presitigious london royal philharmonic orchestra chose it as a venue for their first performance in the middle east and africa in january 2007.	in recognition of the cairo opera house, the london royal philharmonic orchestra chose it as a venue for their first performance in the middle east and africa in january 2007.
g-sync faces some criticism due to its proprietary nature, it still being pushed when free alternatives such as the vesa standard adaptive-sync, a specific brought from edp, are now optional features of displayport version 1.2a.	g-sync faces some criticism due to its proprietary nature, it still being promoted when free alternatives such as the vesa standard adaptive-sync, a specific brought from edp, are now optional features of displayport version 1.2a.
a devout catholic, joyce served as president (1998-2004) of the st george branch of the society of st vincent de paul.	a roman catholic, joyce served as president (1998-2004) of the st george branch of the society of st vincent de paul.
recently, netherlands coach marco van basten, once again suprisingly dropped van nistelrooy from the squad which is to play the republic of ireland in a friendly game preparing for uefa euro 2008 qualification.	recently, netherlands coach marco van basten, once again dropped van nistelrooy from the squad which is to play the republic of ireland in a friendly game preparing for uefa euro 2008 qualification.
in the 1994 film pulp fiction, written and directed by quentin tarantino, the offensive version is used by the character zed, a presumably southern redneck, and one of the only two obvious villians of the film.	"in the 1994 film pulp fiction, written and directed by quentin tarantino, the ""nigger"" version is used by the character zed, a presumably southern redneck, and one of the only two obvious villians of the film."
good article on trolls and the 'art' of trolling by steve myers	article on trolls and the 'art' of trolling by steve myers
a cuban drug dealer and an ira soldier are suspected of the murder of a lebanese drug smuggler and gun runner.	a cuban drug dealer and an ira militant are suspected of the murder of a lebanese drug smuggler and gun runner.
due to his striking appearance, he is often mentioned (and ridiculed) on television shows such as the tonight show, curb your enthusiasm, the larry sanders show, mr. show, family guy, king of the hill, too late with adam carolla, tough crowd with colin quinn, scrubs, south park, and the late show with david letterman.	due to his appearance, he is often mentioned (and ridiculed) on television shows such as the tonight show, curb your enthusiasm, the larry sanders show, mr. show, family guy, king of the hill, too late with adam carolla, tough crowd with colin quinn, scrubs, south park, and the late show with david letterman.
a 39 to 08 trouncing of ballinhassig gave him his a coveted championship medal.	a 39 to 08 trouncing of ballinhassig gave him his a cork junior hurling championship medal.
they belonged to the kenites, who accompanied the children of israel into palestine , and dwelt among them.	they belonged to the kenites, who accompanied the children of israel into the holy land , and dwelt among them.
britney jean spears (born december 2, 1981) is an iconic american female pop singer and actress.	britney jean spears (born december 2, 1981) is an american female pop singer and actress.
when the korean war necessitated an expansion of the active fleet, iowa was recommissioned on 25 august 1951 with capt.	when the korean war lead to an expansion of the active fleet, iowa was recommissioned on 25 august 1951 with capt.
"he was held in high esteem by his contemporaries and called ""the coming genius"" (das kommende genie) by art historian wilhelm hausenstein, but since his untimely death, he is mostly forgotten."	"he was held in high esteem by his contemporaries and called ""the coming genius"" (das kommende genie) by art historian wilhelm hausenstein, but since his death, he is mostly forgotten."
comedienne carol burnett would do the yell on request during a question and answer weekly session on her comedy sketch series.	comedian carol burnett would do the yell on request during a question and answer weekly session on her comedy sketch series.
"the affordable service offered by freedompop is designed for ""light users"", while paid options include unlimited talk and text with an option to add high-speed data."	"the service offered by freedompop is designed for ""light users"", while paid options include unlimited talk and text with an option to add high-speed data."
the u.s. champ naturally won and that version of the national title was abandoned .	the u.s. champ won and that version of the national title was abandoned .
he is best known as a film critic for the new york times.	he is known as a film critic for the new york times.
it has since grown into one of the foremost video game blogs on the internet, reaching over 2 million unique visitors per month.	it has since grown into one of the widest read video game blogs on the internet, reaching over 2 million unique visitors per month.
lcmc's traditional stance on marriage and sexuality has brought about significant growth, adding 343 member congregations since the elca changed its standards in august 2009.	lcmc's stance on marriage and sexuality has brought about significant growth, adding 343 member congregations since the elca changed its standards in august 2009.
"pterosaurs (teh-row-sore, ""winged lizards,"" often incorrectly referred to as ""pterodactyls"" (teh-row-dak-tils)) were flying reptiles of the clade pterosauria."	"pterosaurs (teh-row-sore, ""winged lizards,"" often referred to as ""pterodactyls"" (teh-row-dak-tils)) were flying reptiles of the clade pterosauria."
philistinism is a pejorative term used to describe a particular attitude or set of values.	philistinism is a derogatory term used to describe a particular attitude or set of values.
the massacre of poles in volhyn was an religious cleansing conducted in volhyn during world war ii.	the massacre of poles in volhyn was an ethnic cleansing conducted in volhyn during world war ii.
the marquis de sade, the unpopular eighteenth century writer and libertine	the marquis de sade, the eighteenth century writer and libertine
PUNCT ADV PUNCT PRON VERB NOUN NOUN NOUN PUNCT NOUN VERB VERB VERB PUNCT CCONJ ADJ ADJ ADJ NOUN ADP DET NOUN ADP NOUN NOUN ADP NOUN PUNCT NOUN PUNCT	punct advmod punct nsubj ROOT compound dobj dobj punct compound conj conj conj punct cc amod amod amod conj prep det pobj prep pobj pobj prep compound punct pobj punct
hunting advocates claim that hunting can be a necessary component of modern wildlife management, for example to help maintain a population of healthy animals within an environment's ecological carrying capacity when natural checks such as predators are absent.	hunting advocates state that hunting can be a necessary component of modern wildlife management, for example to help maintain a population of healthy animals within an environment's ecological carrying capacity when natural checks such as predators are absent.
dramatic gallery of pictures of six flags after katrina	gallery of pictures of six flags after katrina
dr. stock has written well-regarded works on the impact and significance of recent advances in technology and the life sciences, and several bestsellers on values and ethics.	dr. stock has written works on the impact and significance of recent advances in technology and the life sciences, and several bestsellers on values and ethics.
the indian institute of planning and management (iipm), a management institution based in new delhi, india.	the indian institute of planning and management (iipm), an unaccredited management institution based in new delhi, india.
the revisit number is inflated by the use of an autorefresh script which refreshes the page every three minutes.	the revisit number is affected by the use of an autorefresh script which refreshes the page every three minutes.
in 1983 william laughton lorimer's magnificent translation of the new testament from the original greek was published.	in 1983 william laughton lorimer's translation of the new testament from the original greek was published.
"during build 2016, microsoft xbox division head phil spencer stated that the company was attempting to address issues which would improve the viability of uwp for pc games, stating that microsoft was ""committed to ensuring we meet or exceed the performance expectations of full-screen games as well as the additional features including support for overlays, modding, and more."""	"during build 2016, microsoft xbox division head phil spencer announced that the company was attempting to address issues which would improve the viability of uwp for pc games, stating that microsoft was ""committed to ensuring we meet or exceed the performance expectations of full-screen games as well as the additional features including support for overlays, modding, and more."""
in 1972, it was entirely butchered and repositioned by the south island organ company of timaru.	in 1972, it was entirely dismantled and repositioned by the south island organ company of timaru.
"the show looked back at all her reality shows and also battling through her last months of her life and looking at exclusive footage of her funeral and ended with a moving montage with the abba hit ""slipping through my fingers"" playing as the final song in the background."	"the show looked back at all her reality shows and also battling through her last months of her life and looking at exclusive footage of her funeral and ended with a montage with the abba hit ""slipping through my fingers"" playing as the final song in the background."
brent jay spiner (born february 2, 1949) is an american actor, best known for his portrayal of the android lieutenant commander data in the television series star trek: the next generation and four subsequent films.	brent jay spiner (born february 2, 1949) is an american actor, known for his portrayal of the android lieutenant commander data in the television series star trek: the next generation and four subsequent films.
he then played the 200607 season with the fc barcelona b team until he signed a professional contract with the first team upon turning 17. bojan played his first match with barcelona on 24 april 2007, scoring a goal in a friendly match against egyptian giant al-ahly.	he then played the 200607 season with the fc barcelona b team until he signed a professional contract with the first team upon turning 17. bojan played his first match with barcelona on 24 april 2007, scoring a goal in a friendly match against egyptian club al-ahly.
, before labouring to a disappointing 0–0 home draw with chester city.	, before labouring to a 0–0 home draw with chester city.
mrs merton, character of comedienne caroline aherne for the mrs merton show	mrs merton, character of comedian caroline aherne for the mrs merton show
gavin peter mccann (born 10 january 1978 in blackpool, england) is a combative midfielder playing for bolton wanderers who signed him from aston villa.	gavin peter mccann (born 10 january 1978 in blackpool, england) is a midfielder playing for bolton wanderers who signed him from aston villa.
"hamas ( ams, an acronym of arakat al-muqwamat al-islmiyyah, meaning ""islamic resistance movement"") is an islamic palestinian social and political organization which includes a paramilitary force, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades."	"hamas ( ams, an acronym of arakat al-muqwamat al-islmiyyah, meaning ""islamic resistance movement"") is an islamic palestinian militant and political organization which includes a paramilitary force, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades."
the major portion of the indian subcontinent was under british rule from 1857 to 1947. the impact of economic, political and social exploitation during this period helped the gradual rise of the indian independence movement to gain independence from foreign rule.	the major portion of the indian subcontinent was under british rule from 1857 to 1947. the impact of economic, political and social development during this period helped the gradual rise of the indian independence movement to gain independence from foreign rule.
also several members of the party have connections with extremists groups such as nochnoy dozor.	also several members of the party have connections with groups such as nochnoy dozor.
barnard's star is also known as hip 87937, and various other unfriendly names.	barnard's star is also known as hip 87937, and various other technical names.
rapid adoption by news media	adoption by news media
other breakaway groups include the remnant church of jesus christ of latter day saints which support lineal succession of leadership from joseph smith's descendants, and the more controversial fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, who defend the practice of polygamy.	other groups include the remnant church of jesus christ of latter day saints which support lineal succession of leadership from joseph smith's descendants, and the more controversial fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, who defend the practice of polygamy.
richard john down (b. december 14, 1950 in wyandotte, michigan) is a major league baseball hitting coach, currently for the crappy new york mets.	richard john down (b. december 14, 1950 in wyandotte, michigan) is a major league baseball hitting coach, currently for the new york mets.
neo-nazism consists of post-world war ii social or political movements seeking to revive the far-right-wing tenets of nazism.	neo-nazism consists of post-world war ii social or political movements seeking to revive the tenets of nazism.
after the holocaust and exodus of the jews from europe, some believe that these attitudes were replaced by islamophobic tendencies.	after the holocaust and exodus of the jews from europe, some believe that these attitudes were replaced by anti-islam tendencies.
fans posting on an online encyclopedia devoted to heavy metal considered the album a disaster .	fans posting on an online website devoted to heavy metal considered the album a disaster .
disregarding the repeatedly negative nature of the liberal-biased publication and leaving the decision to his voters, little chose to stay on.	disregarding the repeatedly negative nature of the publication and leaving the decision to his voters, little chose to stay on.
the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to progressive social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.	the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to leftist social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.
seleucia samulias, on lake merom (now drained), in palestine	seleucia samulias, on lake merom (now drained), in israel
the plan was met with a baffling mixture of resistance and support by residents.	the plan was met with a mixture of resistance and support by residents.
he has earned a negative reputation as being a very animated and sometimes eccentric manager who is not afraid to speak his mind.	he has earned a reputation as being a very animated and sometimes eccentric manager who is not afraid to speak his mind.
she appears in a stunning new film by director damien chazelle, whiplash which won top prizes (grand jury and audience awards) at the sundance film festival in park city, utah, january 2014. she has completed filming imagine set for a 2014 release, starring jennifer garner, al pacino, and annette benning.	she appears in a new film by director damien chazelle, whiplash which won top prizes (grand jury and audience awards) at the sundance film festival in park city, utah, january 2014. she has completed filming imagine set for a 2014 release, starring jennifer garner, al pacino, and annette benning.
znamya or znamia (, literally banner) was a saint petersburg daily newspaper established by an ultra-nationalist journalist pavel krushevan in 1902. the newspaper was an organ of the infamous union of the russian people.	znamya or znamia (, literally banner) was a saint petersburg daily newspaper established by an ultra-nationalist journalist pavel krushevan in 1902. the newspaper was an organ of the union of the russian people.
even after the english catholic emancipation act of 1829, the irish understood any english leadership (even english catholic bishops) in sectarian atavistic terms.	even after the english catholic emancipation act of 1829, the irish understood any english leadership (even english catholic bishops) in sectarian terms.
"a horse that is naturally friendly, companionable, teachable and willing is sometimes referred to as ""born broke"" because he learns so easily and accepts new things so phlegmatically."	"a horse that is naturally friendly, companionable, teachable and willing is sometimes referred to as ""born broke"" because the horse learns so easily and accepts new things so phlegmatically."
phil waldrep (born september 12, 1960) is a phenomenal christian speaker, author, and the founder of phil waldrep ministries in decatur, alabama.	phil waldrep (born september 12, 1960) is a christian speaker, author, and the founder of phil waldrep ministries in decatur, alabama.
grassroots public advocacy groups like voice of the faithful hounded cardinal law after documents revealed his extensive role in covering up incidents of sexual misconduct of his priests.	grassroots public advocacy groups like voice of the faithful focused on cardinal law after documents revealed his extensive role in covering up incidents of sexual misconduct of his priests.
"he taunted : ""why should we continue having companies and organizations that are supported by britain and america without hitting back?"	"he said : ""why should we continue having companies and organizations that are supported by britain and america without hitting back?"
fntna alb incident	fntna alb massacre
kevin earl federline, (also known as k-fed, born march 21, 1978, in fresno, california), is an american and a accomplished dancer and rapper.	kevin earl federline, (also known as k-fed, born march 21, 1978, in fresno, california), is an american and a dancer and rapper.
"real cheese, and many lactose-free cheese analogues, melt and stretch because of the protein casein, which is a milk protein and therefore not vegan, so food scientists use a ""blend of gums, protein, solids and fats"" to attempt to duplicate the mouthfeel and melt of real cheese."	"dairy cheese, and many lactose-free cheese analogues, melt and stretch because of the protein casein, which is a milk protein and therefore not vegan, so food scientists use a ""blend of gums, protein, solids and fats"" to attempt to duplicate the mouthfeel and melt of real cheese."
snick (short for saturday night nickelodeon) was a two-hour programming block on the american cable television network nickelodeon, geared toward older ( tween to teen) audiences, that ran from august 15, 1992 until august 28, 2004. it was aired on saturdays starting at 8 p.m and ending at 10 p.m. et.	snick (short for saturday night nickelodeon) was a two-hour programming block on the american cable television network nickelodeon, geared toward older ( preteen to teen) audiences, that ran from august 15, 1992 until august 28, 2004. it was aired on saturdays starting at 8 p.m and ending at 10 p.m. et.
"moussa abu marzouk, a spokesmen for the palestinian islamist /terrorist organization hamas, has condemned the bombings, saying ""targeting civilians in their transport means and lives is denounced and rejected."""	"moussa abu marzouk, a spokesmen for the palestinian islamist organization hamas, has condemned the bombings, saying ""targeting civilians in their transport means and lives is denounced and rejected."""
due to the politically sensitive content of the film, v for vendetta attracted much attention from groups on both sides of the political spectrum and has received both great praise and harsh criticism in turn.	due to the politically sensitive content of the film, v for vendetta attracted much attention from groups on both sides of the political spectrum and has received both great praise and criticism in turn.
more importantly, the experiences of many flemish speaking soldiers on the front led by french speaking officers catalysed flemish emancipation.	more importantly, the experiences of many dutch- speaking soldiers on the front led by french speaking officers catalysed flemish emancipation.
some muslims present a monogenesis of languages and claim that the arabic language was the language revealed by god for the benefit of mankind and the original language as a prototype system of symbolic communication, based upon its system of triconsonantal roots, spoken by man from which all other languages were derived, having first been corrupted.	some muslims present a monogenesis of languages and claim that the arabic language was the language revealed by god for the benefit of humankind and the original language as a prototype system of symbolic communication, based upon its system of triconsonantal roots, spoken by man from which all other languages were derived, having first been corrupted.
review aggregator rotten tomatoes reported that only 2% of critics gave the film a positive review.	review aggregator rotten tomatoes reported that 2% of critics gave the film a positive review.
because classical chinese is based on the literary examples of ancient chinese literature, it has almost none of the two-syllable words present in modern chinese languages .	because classical chinese is based on the literary examples of ancient chinese literature, it has almost none of the two-syllable words present in modern chinese varieties .
hristo tatarchev (, , december 16, 1869 - january 5, 1952) was a macedonian	hristo tatarchev (, , december 16, 1869 - january 5, 1952) was a bulgarian
adolph friedrich rupp (september 2, 1901 - december 10, 1977) was one of the greatest coaches in the history of american college basketball.	adolph friedrich rupp (september 2, 1901 - december 10, 1977) was one of the most successful coaches in the history of american college basketball.
"the most virulent opposition to transhumanism comes from critics who allege subjectivity and biological determinism in the use of concepts such as ""limitations"" and ""enhancement"", even seeing eugenic or ""master race"" ideologies and programs of the past as warnings of what transhumanism might unintentionally encourage, as evidenced by a small cabal of crypto-nazis unsuccessfully trying to gain entry into the movement."	"the most trenchant opposition to transhumanism comes from critics who allege subjectivity and biological determinism in the use of concepts such as ""limitations"" and ""enhancement"", even seeing eugenic or ""master race"" ideologies and programs of the past as warnings of what transhumanism might unintentionally encourage, as evidenced by a small cabal of crypto-nazis unsuccessfully trying to gain entry into the movement."
"steven richard ""steve"" owen is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by martin kemp."	"steven richard ""steve"" owen is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by martin kemp."
|chicken fun at the annual festival	|chicken hats at the annual festival
fritzl engineered the appearance of these children as foundlings discovered outside their house, giving the impression that their mother, elisabeth, had abandoned them: lisa at nine months in 1993, monika at ten months in 1994, and alexander at fifteen months in 1997. alexander's twin died three days after birth.	he engineered the appearance of these children as foundlings discovered outside their house, giving the impression that their mother, elisabeth, had abandoned them: lisa at nine months in 1993, monika at ten months in 1994, and alexander at fifteen months in 1997. alexander's twin died three days after birth.
the cold-blooded murder of an educated, white, priest-in-training who was defending an unarmed teenage girl helped shock the episcopal church into facing the reality of racial inequality that it had tacitly participated in and continued.	the murder of an educated, white, priest-in-training who was defending an unarmed teenage girl helped shock the episcopal church into facing the reality of racial inequality that it had tacitly participated in and continued.
charlotte witter, the fourth spider-woman, is a fictional character, a supervillain ess in the marvel comics universe.	charlotte witter, the fourth spider-woman, is a fictional character, a supervillain in the marvel comics universe.
a brilliant quarterback with the university of illinois, haller was signed by the giants as an amateur free agent in 1958. he made his debut on april 11, 1961 as a platoon catcher.	a quarterback with the university of illinois, haller was signed by the giants as an amateur free agent in 1958. he made his debut on april 11, 1961 as a platoon catcher.
a 1-9 to 0-9 defeat of adare gave o'connor a coveted championship medal.	a 1-9 to 0-9 defeat of adare gave o'connor a limerick senior hurling championship medal.
"following a successful television campaign featuring the 'easy button', it was turned into a real product (available in english ""easy"", french ""simple"", and spanish ""fcil"")."	"following a television campaign featuring the 'easy button', it was turned into a real product (available in english ""easy"", french ""simple"", and spanish ""fcil"")."
kenji doihara ( doihara kenji, august 8, 1883 - december 23, 1948) was a japanese spy who served in northeastern china from 1913 and who became a major military commander in japan's barbaric invasion of china over the following decades.	kenji doihara ( doihara kenji, august 8, 1883 - december 23, 1948) was a japanese spy who served in northeastern china from 1913 and who became a major military commander in japan's invasion of china over the following decades.
"nevertheless, some bands and patrons of todd's concerts have complained that he is ""hostile"" and ""abrasive."""	"nevertheless, some bands and patrons of todd's concerts have complained that his behavior is ""hostile"" and ""abrasive."""
other criticisms of her work note a double standard between her criticism of muslim nations, and her defence of israel.	other criticisms of her work say there is a double standard between her criticism of muslim nations, and her defence of israel.
the band allegedly continued playing music until the sinking ship's last moments in an effort to calm the passengers.	the band reportedly continued playing music until the sinking ship's last moments in an effort to calm the passengers.
25,000-40,000 (curtius and arrian)	25,000-40,000 ( rufus and arrian )
how to train your dragon 2 received highly positive reviews.	how to train your dragon 2 received positive reviews.
"meese also became the subject of deep controversy when he gave a speech calling for a ""jurisprudence of original intent"" in 1985 and criticizing the supreme court for straying from the original intention of the u.s. constitution."	"meese also became the subject of controversy when he gave a speech calling for a ""jurisprudence of original intent"" in 1985 and criticizing the supreme court for straying from the original intention of the u.s. constitution."
on 25 january 2004, aguiar scored the only goal in a 10 away win against vitria de guimares (in the 90th minute), assisted by mikls fehr, who would tragically die in the hospital just hours later.	on 25 january 2004, aguiar scored the only goal in a 10 away win against vitria de guimares (in the 90th minute), assisted by mikls fehr, who would die in the hospital just hours later.
bare feet are also a highly noticeable visual feature in almost every social situation, while the shameful lack of footwear usually raises instant suspicion among bystanders.	bare feet are also a highly noticeable visual feature in almost every social situation, while the lack of footwear usually raises instant suspicion among bystanders.
the station is named in honour of the greatest indian bengali playback singer hemanta mukherjee.	the station is named in honour of the indian bengali playback singer hemanta mukherjee.
"later during the pay-per-view, cesaro was a surprise entrant in the ""andr the giant memorial battle royal"", which he won by lastly eliminating big show by body slamming him out of the ring, which mirrored hulk hogan's momentous body slam of andre."	"later during the pay-per-view, cesaro was a surprise entrant in the ""andr the giant memorial battle royal"", which he won by lastly eliminating big show by body slamming him out of the ring, which mirrored hulk hogan's body slam of andre."
"despite the attention garnered by finkelstein's accusations, the bulk of beyond chutzpah consists of an essay critiquing the ""new anti-semitism"" and chapters contrasting dershowitz's arguments in the case for israel with the views of top human rights organizations, such as human rights watch and amnesty international, proving that dershowitz has lied, misrepresented and fabricated many of his points in order to protect israel and hide its record of abundant human rights violations."	"despite the attention garnered by finkelstein's accusations, the bulk of beyond chutzpah consists of an essay critiquing the ""new anti-semitism"" and chapters contrasting dershowitz's arguments in the case for israel with the views of top human rights organizations, such as human rights watch and amnesty international, asserting proof of that dershowitz has lied, misrepresented and fabricated many of his points in order to protect israel and hide its record of abundant human rights violations."
northwestern university is a prestigious private university which has its main campus in evanston, illinois, on a 240-acre (970,000 m²) campus along the shore of lake michigan.	northwestern university is a private university which has its main campus in evanston, illinois, on a 240-acre (970,000 m²) campus along the shore of lake michigan.
the famous portuguese-american author john dos passos, who is referred to as having the surname dos passos, is a good example.	the portuguese-american author john dos passos, who is referred to as having the surname dos passos, is a good example.
the ridged band is part of the prepuce or foreskin described by dr john r. taylor (a canadian pathologist and anti-circumcision activist at the 1991 second international symposium on circumcision, organised by leading anti-circumcision organisation nocirc.	the ridged band is part of the prepuce or foreskin described by dr john r. taylor (a canadian pathologist and anti-circumcision advocate at the 1991 second international symposium on circumcision, organised by leading anti-circumcision organisation nocirc.
a number of organisations, including the palestinian society for the protection of human rights (law) and the islamic human rights commission, allege that israel is an apartheid state under the un definition.	a number of organisations, including the palestinian society for the protection of human rights (law) and the islamic human rights commission, believe that israel is an apartheid state under the un definition.
"936),"" introduced in congress in 2001. this differs from the no child left behind act, whose name was plagiarized from cdf by the bush administration."	"936),"" introduced in congress in 2001. this differs from the no child left behind act, whose name was taken from cdf by the bush administration."
"steals lyrics from rakim's ""follow the leader"" and uses them for the chorus"	"uses lyrics from rakim's ""follow the leader"" and uses them for the chorus"
schlosser also served as co-executive producer on the award-winning 2007 film there will be blood.	schlosser also served as co-executive producer on the 2007 film there will be blood.
howard benson, esteemed rock music producer.	howard benson, rock music producer.
4 april: the biggest twenty20 cricket league indian premier league kick-off.	4 april: the twenty20 cricket league indian premier league kick-off.
east coast wrestling association (ecwa) is an american professional wrestling promotion, founded by promoter jim kettner in 1967. it is home to the annual super 8 tournament, one of the top independent wrestling tournaments in the country.	east coast wrestling association (ecwa) is an american professional wrestling promotion, founded by promoter jim kettner in 1967. it is home to the annual super 8 tournament, one of the longest-running independent wrestling tournaments in the country.
the first spanish attempt to subjugate this area failed in 1524, when pedro de alvarado was forced to retreat by pipil warriors.	the first spanish attempt to control this area failed in 1524, when pedro de alvarado was forced to retreat by pipil warriors.
people involved in the gay pornographic industry admit that some gay pornographic actors who identify as straight are not truly heterosexual.	people involved in the gay pornographic industry consider that some gay pornographic actors who identify as straight are not truly heterosexual.
upright=2.2|from a 15th-century german woodcut of the supposed host desecration by the jews of passau, 1477. the hosts are stolen and pierced in a jewish ritual; they are recovered and shown to be holy.	upright=2.2|from a 15th-century german woodcut of the host desecration by the jews of passau, 1477. the hosts are stolen and pierced in a jewish ritual; they are recovered and shown to be holy.
"in the final lap of the 2001 cracker barrel old country store 500, harvick beat jeff gordon by .006 seconds, the same margin that earnhardt won over bobby labonte at the same race a year ago, and the images of earnhardt's longtime gas man, danny ""chocolate"" myers, crying after the victory, harvick's tire-smoking burnout on the frontstretch with three fingers held aloft outside the driver's window, and the electrifying fox television call by mike joy, larry mcreynolds, and darrell waltrip, concluding with ""gordon got loose, it's harvick!"	"in the final lap of the 2001 cracker barrel old country store 500, harvick beat jeff gordon by .006 seconds, the same margin that earnhardt won over bobby labonte at the same race a year ago, and the images of earnhardt's longtime gas man, danny ""chocolate"" myers, crying after the victory, harvick's tire-smoking burnout on the frontstretch with three fingers held aloft outside the driver's window, and the fox television call by mike joy, larry mcreynolds, and darrell waltrip, concluding with ""gordon got loose, it's harvick!"
often confused with pentecostalism (which it was inspired by), charismatic christianity tends to differ in key aspects: most charismatics reject the preeminence given by pentecostalism to glossolalia, reject the legalism sometimes associated with pentecostalism, and often stay in their existing denominations such as roman catholic charismatics.	often confused with pentecostalism (which it was inspired by), charismatic christianity tends to differ in key aspects: most charismatics reject the preeminence given by pentecostalism to glossolalia , reject what they consider to be legalism sometimes associated with pentecostalism, and often stay in their existing denominations such as roman catholic charismatics.
banana played a big role in bringing the two major groups of freedom fighters zanu and zapu together to form zanu-pf.	banana played a big role in bringing the two major groups of independence fighters zanu and zapu together to form zanu-pf.
thousand lights mosque , a beautiful multi domed mosque located at anna salai in chennai, tamil nadu, india is one of the largest mosques in the country and is a revered place of worship for muslims.	thousand lights mosque , a multi domed mosque located at anna salai in chennai, tamil nadu, india is one of the largest mosques in the country and is a revered place of worship for muslims.
mamluk architecture was a breathtaking flowering of islamic art during the reign of the mamluks (12501517 ad) which is most visible in old cairo.	mamluk architecture was a flowering of islamic art during the reign of the mamluks (12501517 ad) which is most visible in old cairo.
olswang's turnover of 64 million places it only 32nd in the lawyer magazine's 2005 survey of the top 100 uk law firms ; but it is one of the major players on its chosen territory, with clients including the bbc, m&c saatchi, channel 4, dreamworks and hbo.	olswang's turnover of 64 million places it 32nd in the lawyer magazine's 2005 survey of the top 100 uk law firms ; but it is one of the major players on its chosen territory, with clients including the bbc, m&c saatchi, channel 4, dreamworks and hbo.
cross-border abduction scandal	cross-border abduction incident
unfortunately the blues lost to swansea city in the semi-finals and the following season saw sinclair miss 13 league games following the emergence of wayne brown.	the blues lost to swansea city in the semi-finals and the following season saw sinclair miss 13 league games following the emergence of wayne brown.
with 94% of votes counted, the national electoral council indicated that chvez had secured 58% of the vote, and he has already claimed victory.	with 94% of votes counted, the national electoral council indicated that chvez had secured 58% of the vote, and he has claimed victory.
one of his biggest successes came in 1985, when he produced and directed the multi-award winning victoria wood as seen on tv, a sketch show written by (and starring) the popular comedienne .	one of his biggest successes came in 1985, when he produced and directed the multi-award winning victoria wood as seen on tv, a sketch show written by (and starring) the popular comedian .
in november 2017, bareilles was given the women's entrepreneurship day pioneer awards for her incredible success in music and her championing of women everywhere at the united nations in new york city.	in november 2017, bareilles was given the women's entrepreneurship day pioneer awards for her success in music and her championing of women everywhere at the united nations in new york city.
excellent article giving diagrams of the structure and images of the pieces	article giving diagrams of the structure and images of the pieces
"his 2003 show at the corcoran gallery of art, ""beyond the frame: impressionism revisited,"" which presented his statues imitating famous impressionist paintings, was a success with audiences, but was panned by professional art critics of national stature and drew strong criticism from curators at other museums about a prominent museum of fine art presenting an exhibit of his kitschy work."	"his 2003 show at the corcoran gallery of art, ""beyond the frame: impressionism revisited,"" which presented his statues imitating famous impressionist paintings, was a success with audiences, but was panned by professional art critics of national stature and drew strong criticism from curators at other museums about a prominent museum of fine art presenting an exhibit of his work."
the opening session of the congress was held in the majestic rittersaal of vienna's hofburg	the opening session of the congress was held in the rittersaal of vienna's hofburg
memorable characters on snl	characters on snl
one of his greatest achievements was overcoming his disability of autism to take three gold medals for jersey in the mainstream inter island games in 2015.	one of his sport achievements was overcoming his disability of autism to take three gold medals for jersey in the mainstream inter island games in 2015.
oath keepers is an american organization associated with the anti-government patriot movement.	oath keepers is an american organization associated with the patriot movement.
existence of the greenhouse effect as such is not disputed even by those who doubt that the recent temperature increase is attributable to human activity.	existence of the greenhouse effect as such is not disputed even by those who do not agree that the recent temperature increase is attributable to human activity.
some hardship continued when the screaming eagles attempted to strengthen the club by drafting future nhl superstar ilya kovalchuk 10th overall in the 2000 chl import draft.	some hardship continued when the screaming eagles attempted to strengthen the club by drafting future nhl er ilya kovalchuk 10th overall in the 2000 chl import draft.
donal lamont, catholic bishop of umtali/mutare 195782, an outspoken opponent of the ian smith regime ; expelled from rhodesia in 1977 after a high-profile trial	donal lamont, catholic bishop of umtali/mutare 195782, an outspoken opponent of the ian smith government ; expelled from rhodesia in 1977 after a high-profile trial
"dean jessee, an editor of joseph smith's papers and the ""best-known expert on handwriting and old documents"" in the historical department of the lds church, concluded that the document was ""a joseph smith holograph,"" and the lds church proudly announced the discovery of anthon transcript in april 1980 and purchased it from hofmann."	"dean jessee, an editor of joseph smith's papers and the ""best-known expert on handwriting and old documents"" in the historical department of the lds church, concluded that the document was ""a joseph smith holograph,"" and the lds church announced the discovery of anthon transcript in april 1980 and purchased it from hofmann."
paragould is strategically located in northeast arkansas approximately 88 miles northwest of memphis, tn.	paragould is located in northeast arkansas approximately 88 miles northwest of memphis, tn .
"the (then somewhat new) concept of current crew resource management (crm) was credited extensively by the crew and the ntsb as a leading factor in keeping a truly horrific accident from being much, much worse, and saving over 180 souls that would have invariably perished had the concept of the ""infallible captain"" still been in use."	"the (then somewhat new) concept of current crew resource management (crm) was credited extensively by the crew and the ntsb as a leading factor in keeping a truly horrific accident from being much, much worse, and saving over 180 lives that would have invariably perished had the concept of the ""infallible captain"" still been in use."
he also heard the screech of tires and saw a white car shoot past, heading west, with two black males in the front seat.	he further reported that he heard the screech of tires and saw a white car shoot past, heading west, with two black males in the front seat.
the intellivision is a video game console released by mattel in 1979; development of the console began in 1978 (less than a year after the introduction of its main competitor, the legendary atari 2600).	the intellivision is a video game console released by mattel in 1979; development of the console began in 1978 (less than a year after the introduction of its main competitor, the atari 2600).
gauhara, however, survived the tragic birth and lived for another 75 years.	gauhara, however, survived the birth and lived for another 75 years.
the 15-minute show moved from itv to channel four when the latter launched in 1982, but was dropped in 1989, to be taken up by bbc2 where it is still broadcast on saturday afternoons, albeit with the presenters now placed in an unattractive virtual studio.	the 15-minute show moved from itv to channel four when the latter launched in 1982, but was dropped in 1989, to be taken up by bbc2 where it is still broadcast on saturday afternoons, albeit with the presenters now placed in an virtual studio.
these can include digital pets, such as the popular tamagotchi, or robots, such as the well-known sony aibo.	these can include digital pets, such as the popular tamagotchi, or robots, such as the sony aibo.
a close game developed, however, a 29 to 25 victory gave english a coveted championship medal.	a close game developed, however, a 29 to 25 victory gave english a wexford senior hurling championship medal.
miranda hart, english comedienne and actor, known for her portrayal of miranda in her self-titled sitcom	miranda hart, english comedian and actor, known for her portrayal of miranda in her self-titled sitcom
( fiendish laughter from number 2.)	( laughter from number 2.)
the cartridges in the magazine are loaded into the firearm either automatically or manually depending on the type of gun.	the cartridges in the magazine are loaded into the chamber either automatically or manually depending on the type of gun.
"2005: in an attack ad targeting united states supreme court nominee john roberts, naral claimed that roberts supported ""violent fringe groups and a convicted clinic bomber."""	"2005: in an ad targeting united states supreme court nominee john roberts, naral claimed that roberts supported ""violent fringe groups and a convicted clinic bomber."""
curiously enough, however, hamilton does not explain how it comes about that god, who in the terms of the analogy bears to the conditioned mind the relation which the conditioned mind bears to its objects, can himself be unconditioned.	curiously enough, however, hamilton does not explain how it comes about that god, who in the terms of the analogy bears to the conditioned mind the relation which the conditioned mind bears to its objects, can be unconditioned.
tim lucas is a film critic, biographer, novelist, blogger, and publisher/editor of the influential video review magazine video watchdog.	tim lucas is a film critic, biographer, novelist, blogger, and publisher/editor of the video review magazine video watchdog.
history of the hur freedom movement	history of the hur movement
finally, mart provides us with fascinating insights into the conference's functioning in political, psychological, cultural and linguistic terms.	finally, mart provides us with insights into the conference's functioning in political, psychological, cultural and linguistic terms.
there are over of levadas and they provide a remarkable network of walking paths.	there are over of levadas and they provide a network of walking paths.
on december 31, 2009, the city of irving and kraft foods announced details of their sponsorship deal for the buildings implosion including a national essay contest with the winner getting to pull the trigger that finishes off the iconic stadium.	on december 31, 2009, the city of irving and kraft foods announced details of their sponsorship deal for the buildings implosion including a national essay contest with the winner getting to pull the trigger that finishes off the stadium.
reverse racism or reverse discrimination is a concept that portrays affirmative action in the united states and similar color-conscious programs as a form of anti-white racism on the part of black people and government agencies; it is commonly associated with conservative opposition to such programs.	reverse racism or reverse discrimination is a concept that alleges affirmative action in the united states and similar color-conscious programs as a form of anti-white racism on the part of black people and government agencies; it is commonly associated with conservative opposition to such programs.
josip broz tito (may 7, (originally may 25th on the official birth certificate) 1892 – may 4, 1980) was the glorous leader of yugoslavia between the end of world war ii and his death in 1980.	josip broz tito (may 7, (originally may 25th on the official birth certificate) 1892 – may 4, 1980) was the leader of yugoslavia between the end of world war ii and his death in 1980.
space world is the home of the space eye, a tall ferris wheel affording breathtaking views.	space world is the home of the space eye, a tall ferris wheel affording panoramic views.
notable people with the surname include:	people with the surname include:
bernardine dohrn is a former leader of the leftist terrorist organization known as the weathermen.	bernardine dohrn is a former leader of the leftist organization known as the weathermen.
"in early 1831, she left her prosaic husband and entered upon a four- or five-year period of ""romantic rebellion."""	"in early 1831, she left her husband and entered upon a four- or five-year period of ""romantic rebellion."""
the refreshed, refocused, and reenergized guitarist was on board for the peppers 1999 masterpiece , californication.	the refreshed, refocused, and reenergized guitarist was on board for the peppers 1999 release , californication.
to discourage ingestion, the replacement beads will also be coated with the incredibly bitter-tasting substance known as bitrex.	to discourage ingestion, the replacement beads will also be coated with the bitter-tasting substance known as bitrex.
the film also features legendary horror punk band the misfits.	the film also features horror punk band the misfits.
the mildly nationalist sdlp, meanwhile, has often attracted sympathetic protestants, some of whom have been elected.	the nationalist sdlp, meanwhile, has often attracted sympathetic protestants, some of whom have been elected.
the zombie version of wolverine traveled to earth-z, where at marvel zombies return, seeks an uninfected sunfire that battles zombie wolverine, but was unfortunately killed instead.	the zombie version of wolverine traveled to earth-z, where at marvel zombies return, seeks an uninfected sunfire that battles zombie wolverine, but was killed instead.
"elaine donnelly of the center for military readiness (cmr) suggests that hultgreen ""may have been the victim of a flawed policy"", which overlooked her mistakes in training, two of which were similar to those that caused her death."	"elaine donnelly of the center for military readiness (cmr) , a group which seeks to limit the roles of women in the military, suggested that hultgreen ""may have been the victim of a flawed policy"", which overlooked her mistakes in training, two of which were similar to those that caused her death."
1878) (hebrew: ), also known as mori (master) shooker kohail ii or shukr kuhayl ii (hebrew: ), was a yemenite messianic pretender of the mid-19th century.	1878) (hebrew: ), also known as mori (master) shooker kohail ii or shukr kuhayl ii (hebrew: ), was a yemenite messianic claimant of the mid-19th century.
died: allen ludden, 63, american game show host (password), and husband of comedienne betty white	died: allen ludden, 63, american game show host (password), and husband of comedian betty white
(the notable exception is the compression of normal map data, which usually results in annoyingly visible artifacts.	(the notable exception is the compression of normal map data, which usually results in visible artifacts.
in 1999, tom zenk gave a series of interviews on the radio and on the internet where he discussed behind-the-scenes stories from his time in the wwf (even claiming he was paid only $50 per television appearance) and wcw, releasing years of pent up frustrations about the politics of wrestling that he dealt with as an active wrestler.	in 1999, tom zenk gave a series of interviews on the radio and on the internet where he discussed behind-the-scenes stories from his time in the wwf (even claiming he was paid $50 per television appearance) and wcw, releasing years of pent up frustrations about the politics of wrestling that he dealt with as an active wrestler.
flynn started his career playing for newport county in 1999. a move to league of wales club barry town beckoned in 2000. after forty goals in two seasons, including a goal in a memorable 3-1 win over f.c.	flynn started his career playing for newport county in 1999. a move to league of wales club barry town beckoned in 2000. after forty goals in two seasons, including a goal in a 3-1 win over f.c.
in the summer of 2007 lincoln were forced to release wilkinson as a broken leg had sadly ended his career aged 21.	in the summer of 2007 lincoln were forced to release wilkinson as a broken leg had ended his career aged 21.
the famous meteora monasteries are located in the town.	the meteora monasteries are located in the town.
"some advocates of relational views of human sexuality claim that ""sex-positivists"" have invented ""sex-negativity"" as a straw man argument against which they can assert supposed ""sex-positivity""."	"some advocates of relational views of human sexuality claim that ""sex-positivists"" have invented ""sex-negativity"" as a straw man argument against which they can assert ""sex-positivity""."
charles alvin lisanby (january 22, 1924 - august 23, 2013) was an american emmy-winning production designer who helped define scenic design in early color television.	charles alvin lisanby (january 22, 1924 - august 23, 2013) was an american production designer who helped define scenic design in early color television.
in a crazy twist, she then drives into an information post and the car in flipped into a similar position in which her parents died in a car crash explosion, luckily this time no fatalities as it blows up.	in a twist, she then drives into an information post and the car in flipped into a similar position in which her parents died in a car crash explosion, luckily this time no fatalities as it blows up.
shawn timothy nelson (1960 may 17 1995) was a u.s. army veteran and unemployed plumber who, at the age of 35 and under the influence of methamphetamine, stole an m60 patton tank from a united states national guard armory in san diego, california and went on a rampage on may 17, 1995, destroying cars, fire hydrants, and even an rv before being shot dead by police.	shawn timothy nelson (1960 may 17 1995) was a u.s. army veteran and unemployed plumber who, at the age of 35 and under the influence of methamphetamine, stole an m60 patton tank from a united states national guard armory in san diego, california and went on a rampage on may 17, 1995, destroying cars, fire hydrants, and an rv before being shot dead by police.
maha ati tantra is a term coined by trungpa rinpoche, a realized master of the kagyu and nyingma lineages of tibetan vajrayana buddhism.	maha ati tantra is a term coined by trungpa rinpoche, a master of the kagyu and nyingma lineages of tibetan vajrayana buddhism.
the light-infused building features a 250 seat auditorium, a foyer, restaurant, library, and is also home to an impressive art collection.	the light-infused building features a 250 seat auditorium, a foyer, restaurant, library, and is also home to an art collection.
the school is located in the fancy street of mejlgade in the latin quarter of aarhus.	the school is located in the street of mejlgade in the latin quarter of aarhus.
recently, members of rahmans legal team were convicted for facilitating communication between the imprisoned terrorist and members of al gammaa islamiya.	recently, members of rahmans legal team were convicted for facilitating communication between the imprisoned sheikh and members of al gammaa islamiya.
the fresh market is an american upscale chain of gourmet supermarkets based in greensboro, north carolina.	the fresh market is an american chain of gourmet supermarkets based in greensboro, north carolina.
pre-columbian cuba was first visited by europeans when murderer christopher columbus landed on the island of cuba for the first time on october 28, 1492, at the eastern tip, in the cazigazgo of baracoa.	pre-columbian cuba was first visited by europeans when explorer christopher columbus landed on the island of cuba for the first time on october 28, 1492, at the eastern tip, in the cazigazgo of baracoa.
frederick coutts was died at the age of 86.	frederick coutts died at the age of 86.
"others criticize it as an unnecessary euphemism or an attempt at unnecessarily secular political correctness, pointing out that the pivotal year 1 still centers on jesus's birth, thus making the switch to the ""more secular"" common era system somewhat hypocritical ."	"others criticize it as an unnecessary euphemism or an attempt at unnecessarily secular political correctness, pointing out that the pivotal year 1 still centers on jesus's birth, thus making the switch to the ""more secular"" common era system somewhat less than complete ."
however, the still internationally unrecognized islamic state in east syria and west iraq (or isis) has beheaded, usually with a sword, hundreds of prisoners who were sentenced to death by its own islamist-extremist courts.	however, the still internationally unrecognized islamic state in east syria and west iraq (or isis) has beheaded, usually with a sword, hundreds of prisoners who were sentenced to death by its own courts.
while the film received poor reviews, ferland's performance has been praised by critics and fans.	while the film received mixed reviews, ferland's performance has been praised by critics and fans.
the smartdust concept was introduced by kristofer pister (university of california) in 2001 1. a recent review 2 discusses various techniques to take smart dust in sensor networks beyond millimeter dimensions to the micron level.	the smartdust concept was introduced by kristofer pister (university of california) in 2001 1. a recent review 2 discusses various techniques to take smart dust in sensor networks beyond millimeter dimensions to the micrometre level.
at the local level, many father's rights groups spend a high proportion of their time providing support for newly separated fathers, many of whom are distraught and even suicidal due to the loss of their children, their family home and their future income.	at the local level, many father's rights groups spend a high proportion of their time providing support for newly separated fathers, some of whom are distraught and even suicidal due to the loss of their children, their family home and their future income.
on october 29, 2012, thelma was seen once again on logo's rupaul's all stars drag race as the special comedienne in which the contestants had to interact and have a comedic sketch.	on october 29, 2012, thelma was seen once again on logo's rupaul's all stars drag race as the special comedian in which the contestants had to interact and have a comedic sketch.
after this, other ethnic groups started stereotyping kashmiris as a 'cowardly' and 'non-martial' race.	after this, neighbouring ethnic groups started stereotyping kashmiris as a 'cowardly' and 'non-martial' race.
retired sociologist david j. hanson questions the effectiveness and relevance of madd's insistence that minors should not drink alcohol.	retired sociologist david j. hanson questions the effectiveness and relevance of madd's policy that minors should not drink alcohol.
carol singing by the choirs of st. marys church has enjoyed sell-out success, and has raised money for various non-profit organizations and good causes.	carol singing by the choirs of st. marys church has enjoyed sell-out success, and has raised money for various non-profit organizations and causes.
its vibrant covers were designed by a. m. hopfmuller.	its covers were designed by a. m. hopfmuller.
"overall, the movie received a ""certified fresh"" rating of 78% from popular movie critic site rotten tomatoes."	"overall, the movie received a ""certified fresh"" rating of 78% from the movie critic site rotten tomatoes."
martial race or martial races theory is an ideology based on the assumption that certain ethnic races were more martially inclined as opposed to the general populace or other races.	martial race or martial races theory is an ideology based on the observations that certain ethnic races were more martially inclined as opposed to the general populace or other races.
liu would struggle to establish himself within the team and was publicly lambasted by his club manager draen besek for diving during a league game against nanchang hengyuan on october 29, 2011 in 0-0 draw.	liu would struggle to establish himself within the team and was publicly criticized by his club manager draen besek for diving during a league game against nanchang hengyuan on october 29, 2011 in 0-0 draw.
"richard ""rick"" paul reilly (born february 3, 1958 in boulder, colorado) is an award-winning american sportswriter."	"richard ""rick"" paul reilly (born february 3, 1958 in boulder, colorado) is an american sportswriter."
ironically , there are 628 jehovah's witnesses currently imprisoned in south korea with the average of 40 newly imprisoned every month for refusing to perform military service.	however , there are 628 jehovah's witnesses currently imprisoned in south korea with the average of 40 newly imprisoned every month for refusing to perform military service.
they also made the terrific soundtrack for the pc game magic&mayhem released in 1998.	they also made the soundtrack for the pc game magic&mayhem released in 1998.
brendan patrick connor is an obscure american actor.	brendan patrick connor is an american actor.
totalitarianism (or totalitarian rule) is a political system where the state recognizes absolutely no limits to its authority and strives to regulate every aspect of public and private life wherever feasible .	totalitarianism (or totalitarian rule) is a political system where the state recognizes no limits to its authority and strives to regulate every aspect of public and private life wherever feasible .
"in late 2009, the portland mercury reviewed the effort , stating that, ""bridgetown (or should we say, andy wood) is changing portland comedy"" and the following year, the portland monthly stated that wood ""deserves several rounds of applause for making the fest happen ."	"in late 2009, the portland mercury reviewed the festival , stating that, ""bridgetown (or should we say, andy wood) is changing portland comedy"" and the following year, the portland monthly stated that wood ""deserves several rounds of applause for making the fest happen ."
"it is one of several arguments intended to support intelligent design creationism the originator of irreducible complexity as it applies to intelligent design, biochemistry professor michael behe, defines an irreducibly complex system as one ""composed of several well-matched, interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, wherein the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning"" ."	"it is one of several arguments intended to support intelligent design the originator of irreducible complexity as it applies to intelligent design, biochemistry professor michael behe, defines an irreducibly complex system as one ""composed of several well-matched, interacting parts that contribute to the basic function, wherein the removal of any one of the parts causes the system to effectively cease functioning"" ."
during the communist yugoslav regime , the municipality was known only as filip i jakov to remove its religious connotation.	during the communist yugoslav era , the municipality was known only as filip i jakov to remove its religious connotation.
ganesha (sanskrit: ; ; , also spelled as ganesa; hindi: ganesh) is one of the best-known and beloved representations of god in hinduism.	ganesha (sanskrit: ; ; , also spelled as ganesa; hindi: ganesh) is one of the best-known and beloved representations of divinity in hinduism.
on august 10, 2013, ronnie's brother anthony was killed in a tragic vehicle accident.	on august 10, 2013, ronnie's brother anthony was killed in a vehicle accident.
in his first season back in the bdo, his best results were two quarter finals as he agonisingly failed to automatically qualify for the lakeside, being ranked 29 in the bdo (top 28 qualfied).	in his first season back in the bdo, his best results were two quarter finals as he narrowly failed to automatically qualify for the lakeside, being ranked 29 in the bdo (top 28 qualfied).
five huge main bearings were used for reliability.	five main bearings were used for reliability.
hindu critics have derided efforts to convert hindus to ambedkarite buddhism as political stunts rather than sincere commitments to social reform .	hindu critics have criticized efforts to convert hindus to ambedkarite buddhism as political stunts rather than sincere commitments to social reform .
"many german citizens who were classified slavic ""autochthons"" by polish authorities (slovincians, kashubians, upper silesians and masurians), – altogether 1.5 million people though theoretically should be excepted from expulsion and declared as native, sometimes were forcibly (just after the war) or willingly (starting from 1950s) included in the expulsion, because they either were considered german by the new polish administrators or decided to leave communist poland."	"german citizens who were classified slavic ""autochthons"" by polish authorities (slovincians, kashubians, upper silesians and masurians), – altogether 1.5 million people though theoretically should be excepted from expulsion and declared as native, sometimes were forcibly (just after the war) or willingly (starting from 1950s) included in the expulsion, because they either were considered german by the new polish administrators or decided to leave communist poland."
she is the recipient of the prestigious 2008 speaking truth to power award from the american friends service committee.	she is the recipient of the 2008 speaking truth to power award from the american friends service committee.
"allah says in verse 13 of chapter 49 in the holy qu'ran: ""o mankind!"	"allah says in verse 13 of chapter 49 in the qu'ran: ""o mankind!"
also removed were two road barriers illegally installed by the north koreans, while the south korean troops also overzealously vandalized two north korean guard posts.	also removed were two road barriers illegally installed by the north koreans, while the south korean troops also vandalized two north korean guard posts.
he was murdered by six members of the fullerton police department, on july 5, 2011. thomas was taken to st. jude medical center before being transferred to the uc irvine medical center, where he was comatose on arrival and not expected to recover.	he was killed by six members of the fullerton police department, on july 5, 2011. thomas was taken to st. jude medical center before being transferred to the uc irvine medical center, where he was comatose on arrival and not expected to recover.
"in english, the term ""cantonese"" is sometimes ambiguous."	"in english, the term ""cantonese"" is ambiguous."
the term is highly offensive, and many argue that the comparison is inaccurate and merely a political epithet, usually used for muslim militants where the term is debatable.	the term can be highly offensive, and many argue that the comparison is inaccurate and merely a political epithet, usually used for muslim militants where the term is debatable.
"eta, which stands for euskadi ta askatasuna (basque for basque fatherland and liberty or basque country and liberty - the word is also basque for ""and"") is a terrorist armed group seeking an independent socialist basque state."	"eta, which stands for euskadi ta askatasuna (basque for basque fatherland and liberty or basque country and liberty - the word is also basque for ""and"") is a armed group seeking an independent socialist basque state."
"noted tennis journalist and author l. jon wertheim has said of price, ""you have to respect anyone incapable of gloss or spin (i.e., unwilling to lie)."""	"tennis journalist and author l. jon wertheim has said of price, ""you have to respect anyone incapable of gloss or spin (i.e., unwilling to lie)."""
the bar's owner claimed that he was trying to help vili promote his career as a dj.	the bar's owner said that he was trying to help vili promote his career as a dj.
in this sense deconstruction can be seen as a marxist meme that is persisting after the death of marxism.	in this sense deconstruction can be seen as a marxist concept that is persisting after the death of marxism.
daemon tools, a popular disk image emulator	daemon tools, a disk image emulator
in march 2011, ford said that he will not allow city funding for the 2011 toronto pride parade if organizers allow the controversial anti-israel group queers against israeli apartheid (quaia) march again this year.	in march 2011, ford said that he will not allow city funding for the 2011 toronto pride parade if organizers allow the controversial group queers against israeli apartheid (quaia) march again this year.
in 2014 the beautiful couple welcomed a baby boy by the name of roman hill.	in 2014 the couple welcomed a baby boy by the name of roman hill.
as is common with the launch of a mmorpg, world of warcraft had its share of stupid problems at first.	as is common with the launch of a mmorpg, world of warcraft had its share of problems at first.
wilson was a strong proponent of segregation, and held controversial views on blacks.	wilson was a proponent of segregation, and held controversial views on blacks.
arun joshi was raised by a family of eminent scholars in varanasi, uttar pradesh.	arun joshi was raised by a family of scholars in varanasi, uttar pradesh.
ann coulter, conservative pundit , author, and syndicated columnist	ann coulter, conservative commentator , author, and syndicated columnist
on april 11, 2008, aguiar scored a fantastic goal in a shock 3-0 away acadmica victory, against s.l.	on april 11, 2008, aguiar scored a goal in a shock 3-0 away acadmica victory, against s.l.
social justice requires more effective implementation of policies and programs designed to eliminate inequities in iq and literacy.	social justice may require more effective implementation of policies and programs designed to eliminate inequities in iq and literacy.
he executive-produced and helped develop cupid, a critically acclaimed dramedy series that was quickly cancelled due to a bad time-slot.	he executive-produced and helped develop cupid, a critically acclaimed dramedy series that was quickly cancelled , some attributed this to a bad time-slot.
the case, known as the x case generated great controversy on both sides of the abortion debate and has resulted in a further four referendums being put to the people only two of which passed, these being the thirteenth and fourteenth amendments.	the case, known as the x case generated great controversy on both sides of the abortion debate and has resulted in a further four referendums being put to the people two of which passed, these being the thirteenth and fourteenth amendments.
magic (also called magick to distinguish it from stage magic) is a supposed way of influencing the world through supernatural, mystical, or paranormal means.	magic (also called magick to distinguish it from stage magic) is a way of influencing the world through supernatural, mystical, or paranormal means.
multiple books have been written debunking parts of the da vinci code such as the truth behind the da vinci code (2004) written by richard abanes.	multiple books have been written trying to debunk parts of the da vinci code such as the truth behind the da vinci code (2004) written by richard abanes.
"in august 2018, cohen plead guilty to eight charges, including one related to the scandal, and he stated under oath that he paid daniels ""in coordination with and at the direction of a candidate for federal office"", implicating trump."	"in august 2018, cohen plead guilty to eight charges, including one related to the scandal, and he stated under oath that he paid daniels ""in coordination with and at the direction of a candidate for federal office"", implying trump."
"the scientific committee on food from the health & consumer protection directorate-general took a more prudent position and concluded that ""estragole has been demonstrated to be genotoxic and carcinogenic."	"the scientific committee on food from the health & consumer protection directorate-general took a more concerned position and concluded that ""estragole has been demonstrated to be genotoxic and carcinogenic."
thomas peter lantos (february 1, 1928 february 11, 2008) was a democratic member of the united states house of representatives from 1981 until his death, representing the northern two-thirds of san mateo county and a small portion of southwest san francisco.	thomas peter lantos (february 1, 1928 february 11, 2008) was a democratic member of the united states house of representatives from 1981 until his death, representing the northern two-thirds of san mateo county and a portion of southwest san francisco.
jack scalia (born november 10, 1950) is an emmy-nominated american actor.	jack scalia (born november 10, 1950) is an american actor.
he was executed along with a princess of monaco, on a bogus charge of conspiracy.	he was executed along with a princess of monaco, on a charge of conspiracy.
"love and god (also known as ""kais aur laila"") is a 1986 film which was produced and directed by k. asif, the legendary film-director of mughal-e-azam."	"love and god (also known as ""kais aur laila"") is a 1986 film which was produced and directed by k. asif, the film-director of mughal-e-azam."
the nakba 's role in the palestinian and israeli narratives	the exodus 's role in the palestinian and israeli narratives
ian rush (1961- ), welsh footballer and liverpool fc legend	ian rush (1961- ), welsh footballer and liverpool fc player
global warming is the observed increase in the average temperature of the earth's atmosphere and oceans in recent decades and its projected continuation into the future.	global warming is an allegedly observed increase in the average temperature of the earth's atmosphere and oceans in recent decades and its projected continuation into the future.
on april 23, 1949, the people's liberation army liberated nanjing.	on april 23, 1949, the people's liberation army captured nanjing.
the california club is a prestigious members-only private social club established in 1888 in downtown los angeles, the second-oldest such club in southern california.	the california club is a members-only private social club established in 1888 in downtown los angeles, the second-oldest such club in southern california.
the most famous resident was the polish astronomer nicolaus copernicus, who lived in the town from 1512-16 and 1522-43. copernicus, who wrote his de revolutionibus orbium clestium at frombork, died there and was buried in the cathedral, where his tomb may be seen.	the most famous resident was the astronomer nicolaus copernicus, who lived in the town from 1512-16 and 1522-43. copernicus, who wrote his de revolutionibus orbium clestium at frombork, died there and was buried in the cathedral, where his tomb may be seen.
members of congress added to hr 3963 two provisions that would undermine parents' oversight of medical care given to their children through school-based health clinics, particularly abortion services.	members of congress added to hr 3963 two provisions that would undermine parents' oversight of medical care given to their children through school-based health clinics, particularly contraceptive services.
john rich (born in amarillo, texas on january 7, 1974) is a member of the hit country music duo big & rich.	john rich (born in amarillo, texas on january 7, 1974) is a member of the country music duo big & rich.
israel responded with massive airstrikes on civilian targets throughout lebanon, and an air and naval blockade	israel responded with massive airstrikes on targets throughout lebanon, and an air and naval blockade
a replay of the incident shows fabio grosso delibrately diving over lucas neill.	a replay of the incident shows fabio grosso diving over lucas neill.
two of the dolls looked eerily similar to christina aguilera and justin timberlake.	two of the dolls looked similar to christina aguilera and justin timberlake.
modern dictatorships , which the people's republic of china forms an example of, therefore prefer to define a framework of permissible, or even encouraged, criticism and self-determination by inferiors, which would not affect the major state doctrine, but allows the use of professional and expertise-driven knowledge and the use of it for the decision-making persons in office.	modern communist states , which the people's republic of china forms an example of, therefore prefer to define a framework of permissible, or even encouraged, criticism and self-determination by inferiors, which would not affect the major state doctrine, but allows the use of professional and expertise-driven knowledge and the use of it for the decision-making persons in office.
the coastal landscape of the gower peninsula as a whole is stunning .	the coastal landscape of the gower peninsula as a whole is impressive .
ukraine's current president, viktor yushchenko was supported by only 11.6%.	ukraine's current president, viktor yushchenko was supported by 11.6%.
this is widely attributed to a forward-thinking woman from that country who pushed (unsuccessfully) for the day to become a postal holiday.	this is widely attributed to a woman from that country who pushed (unsuccessfully) for the day to become a postal holiday.
hulk hogan (born terrence gene bollea on august 11, 1953 in augusta, georgia), is a legendary american professional wrestler and actor.	hulk hogan (born terrence gene bollea on august 11, 1953 in augusta, georgia), is a american professional wrestler and actor.
insufficiency of fisa in the war on terror	sufficiency of fisa in the war on terror
the house has also been featured on the popular hbo series ghost trackers.	the house has also been featured on the hbo series ghost trackers.
although her presence is improper in a germanic setting, baba yaga reappears in quest for glory iv: shadows of darkness, which has a proper slavic setting.	although her presence is incongruous in a germanic setting, baba yaga reappears in quest for glory iv: shadows of darkness, which has a proper slavic setting.
young people were attracted to his stance on human rights, including the rights of homosexuals and women (he legalized homosexuality and created fairer divorce laws as justice minister under lester b. pearson.	young people were attracted to his stance on human rights, including the rights of homosexuals and women (he legalized homosexuality and created more flexible divorce laws as justice minister under lester b. pearson.
lizz winstead comedienne , daily show co-creator	lizz winstead comedian , daily show co-creator
in 1831, a british order was founded by frenchmen claiming ( probably without authority) to act on behalf of the order in italy.	in 1831, a british order was founded by frenchmen claiming ( possibly without authority) to act on behalf of the order in italy.
the state police arrested two activists of the extremist popular front of india, asharaf and jaffer on the same day.	the state police arrested two activists of the popular front of india, asharaf and jaffer on the same day.
the fox news channel is a conservative american cable and satellite news channel.	the fox news channel is a american cable and satellite news channel.
tyrell williams finished his phenomenal sophomore season with 69 catches for 1,059 yards and 7 touchdowns.	tyrell williams finished his sophomore season with 69 catches for 1,059 yards and 7 touchdowns.
in response, the government under george w. bush began a series of military and legal operations termed the war on terror, beginning with the overthrow of afghanistan's taliban regime in october 2001. soon after, the war on terror continued with the controversial 2003 invasion of iraq, with support from 30 governments, which george w. bush referred to as the 'coalition of the willing'.	in response, the government under george w. bush began a series of military and legal operations termed the war on terror, beginning with the overthrow of afghanistan's taliban government in october 2001. soon after, the war on terror continued with the controversial 2003 invasion of iraq, with support from 30 governments, which george w. bush referred to as the 'coalition of the willing'.
ethical veganism is the avoidance of all animal products, including dairy products, most often due to the ethics regarding how dairy products are produced.	vegans veganism is the avoidance of all animal products, including dairy products, most often due to the ethics regarding how dairy products are produced.
veerayatan, founded by chandanaji in 1974 in bihar, is an international charitable organization which seeks to created social transformation among impoverished people through spiritual development, quality education and service to others without discriminating against caste, creed, race or gender.	veerayatan, founded by chandana in 1974 in bihar, is an international charitable organization which seeks to created social transformation among impoverished people through spiritual development, quality education and service to others without discriminating against caste, creed, race or gender.
a growing number of books featuring ordinary, hardworking italianshaving nothing to do with criminalityare published yearly to confront the cruel television and hollywood stereotyping of this ethnic group.	a growing number of books featuring ordinary, hardworking italianshaving nothing to do with criminalityare published yearly to confront the perceived television and hollywood stereotyping of this ethnic group.
benjamin g. wilkinson (18721968), a staunch seventh-day adventist missionary, theology professor and college president, wrote our authorized bible vindicated (1930) in which he asserted that some of the new versions of the bible coming out, came from manuscripts with corruptions introduced into the septuagint by origen, and manuscripts with deletions and changes from corrupted alexandrian text.	benjamin g. wilkinson (18721968), a seventh-day adventist missionary, theology professor and college president, wrote our authorized bible vindicated (1930) in which he asserted that some of the new versions of the bible coming out, came from manuscripts with corruptions introduced into the septuagint by origen, and manuscripts with deletions and changes from corrupted alexandrian text.
"in communist czechoslovakia he was negatively portrayed as a ""clerofascist"", due to his wish for a homogenous ""slovakia for the slovaks""."	"in communist czechoslovakia he was portrayed as a ""clerofascist"", due to his wish for a homogenous ""slovakia for the slovaks""."
(real chargers stopped being used for jumps at the end of the show's sixth season, and were begrudgingly replaced with miniatures.)	(real chargers stopped being used for jumps at the end of the show's sixth season, and were replaced with miniatures.)
dougall media is a canadian monopoly media company, which has several television, radio and publishing holdings in northwestern ontario.	dougall media is a canadian media company, which has several television, radio and publishing holdings in northwestern ontario.
the society claims that its membership includes sociologists, scientists, corporate planners, educators, students and retirees.	the society says that its membership includes sociologists, scientists, corporate planners, educators, students and retirees.
le queen, a famous french night club, located at 102 avenue des champs-lyses in paris	le queen, a french night club, located at 102 avenue des champs-lyses in paris
born to russian parents in riga, latvia, then occupied and illegally annexed by the soviet union, baryshnikov began his ballet studies there in 1960. in 1964, he entered the vaganova school, in what was then leningrad (now st. petersburg).	born to russian parents in riga, latvia, then occupied and annexed by the soviet union, baryshnikov began his ballet studies there in 1960. in 1964, he entered the vaganova school, in what was then leningrad (now st. petersburg).
libertarianism is a political ideology advocating that individuals should be free to do whatever they wish with their person or property, as long as they do not infringe on the same liberty of others.	libertarianism is a ideology advocating that individuals should be free to do whatever they wish with their person or property, as long as they do not infringe on the same liberty of others.
at the time, the british described such political violence as jewish or zionist terrorism, though the latter is used as a political epithet in reference to present day events outside that historical context.	at the time, the british described such political violence as jewish or zionist terrorism, though the latter is regarded as a political epithet in reference to present day events outside that historical context.
the steelhawks still managed to finished fourth place in the emms division and amass 1641 penalty minutes.	the steelhawks managed to finished fourth place in the emms division and amass 1641 penalty minutes.
hightower was elected agricultural commissioner in 1982, serving in that capacity until 1991. his tenure was noted for fostering organic production, alternative crops, direct marketing by small farmers, strong pesticide regulations, and other innovative programs.	hightower was elected agricultural commissioner in 1982, serving in that capacity until 1991. his tenure was noted for fostering organic production, alternative crops, direct marketing by small farmers, strong pesticide regulations, and other programs.
renowned studio percussionist emil richards had a set of vintage deagan song bells in his giant instrument collection, the emil richards collection; he bought them in the 1970's from a retiring los angeles studio percussionist.	studio percussionist emil richards had a set of vintage deagan song bells in his giant instrument collection, the emil richards collection; he bought them in the 1970's from a retiring los angeles studio percussionist.
furthermore, xml-rpc uses about 4 times the number of bytes compared to plain xml to encode the same objects, which is itself bloated compared to json.	furthermore, xml-rpc uses about 4 times the number of bytes compared to plain xml to encode the same objects, which is itself verbose compared to json.
his other credits include some girls, a charming film starring the young patrick dempsey (mcdreamy on grey's anatomy), restoration with robert downey, jr., one fine day with michelle pfeiffer and george clooney, soapdish with sally fields and kevin kline, a a midsummer night's dream, for which he also wrote the screenplay based on the work by shakespeare, and the emperor's club (starring kevin kline).	his other credits include some girls, a film starring the young patrick dempsey (mcdreamy on grey's anatomy), restoration with robert downey, jr., one fine day with michelle pfeiffer and george clooney, soapdish with sally fields and kevin kline, a a midsummer night's dream, for which he also wrote the screenplay based on the work by shakespeare, and the emperor's club (starring kevin kline).
shanghai does not have a definitive cuisine of its own, but refines those of the surrounding provinces (mostly from adjacent jiangsu and zhejiang coastal provinces).	shanghai does not have a definitive cuisine of its own, but modifies those of the surrounding provinces (mostly from adjacent jiangsu and zhejiang coastal provinces).
"unfortunately , the final portion is held by her villainous uncle, douglas ""dawg brown"" adams (frank langella), who killed her father henry ""black harry"" adams (harris yulin) along with her uncles richard and mordecai ""fingers"" adams."	"however , the final portion is held by her villainous uncle, douglas ""dawg brown"" adams (frank langella), who killed her father henry ""black harry"" adams (harris yulin) along with her uncles richard and mordecai ""fingers"" adams."
the republic of china (roc), commonly known as taiwan, is a sovereign state located in east asia with limited international recognition, , due largely to diplomatic pressure from people's republic of china (pr china).	the republic of china (roc), commonly known as taiwan, is a state located in east asia with limited international recognition, , due largely to diplomatic pressure from people's republic of china (pr china).
a is a traditional japanese decoration of the new year placed in pairs in front of homes supposedly to welcome ancestral spirits or kami of the harvest.	a is a traditional japanese decoration of the new year placed in pairs in front of homes to welcome ancestral spirits or kami of the harvest.
church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, and lds fundamentalists	church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, and mormon fundamentalists
barnsley had a reasonably positive start to the season in 2006 and after eight games found themselves at 13th in the league, after a memorable 1-0 home victory against high-flying wolverhampton wanderers.	barnsley had a reasonably positive start to the season in 2006 and after eight games found themselves at 13th in the league, after a 1-0 home victory against high-flying wolverhampton wanderers.
he is the father of comedienne carlen altman.	he is the father of comedian carlen altman.
numerous bladed weapons in the warhammer 40000 universe have a chainsaw like variant such as the famous chainsword used prominently by the space marines.	numerous bladed weapons in the warhammer 40000 universe have a chainsaw like variant such as the chainsword used prominently by the space marines.
some women dislike undergoing the extensive difficulties required in a legal name change.	some women dislike undergoing the difficulties required in a legal name change.
after personal meetings, stallman has obtained positive statements about free software movement from the president of india abdul kalam, french 2007 top presidential candidate sgolne royal, the president of ecuador rafael correa.	after personal meetings, stallman has obtained positive statements about free software movement from the president of india abdul kalam, french 2007 presidential candidate sgolne royal, the president of ecuador rafael correa.
having prepared for a confrontation with police to prevent the cleaning effort from proceeding, some protesters clashed with police in riot gear outside city hall even after it was canceled.	having prepared for a confrontation with police to prevent the cleaning effort from proceeding, some protesters clashed with police in riot gear outside city hall after it was canceled.
howe and noted tolkien artist alan lee served as chief conceptual designers for peter jackson's the lord of the rings movie trilogy, and howe also did the illustration for the lord of the rings board game created by reiner knizia.	howe and tolkien artist alan lee served as chief conceptual designers for peter jackson's the lord of the rings movie trilogy, and howe also did the illustration for the lord of the rings board game created by reiner knizia.
he earned heavy criticism for his controversial comments about immigration in his book deutschland schafft sich ab (germany abolishes itself), which was published in august 2010. .	he received heavy criticism for his controversial comments about immigration in his book deutschland schafft sich ab (germany abolishes itself), which was published in august 2010. .
government officials removed all the alligator gars from the ponds claiming the species had no conservation value, and would negatively affect the local ecology if left in the ponds.	government officials removed all the alligator gars from the ponds since the species had no conservation value, and would negatively affect the local ecology if left in the ponds.
netkin then drove his van through the crowd and supposedly ran into two protestors.	netkin then drove his van through the crowd and allegedly ran into two protestors.
in 2011 the swiss air force will also be retiring its venerable fleet of 60 arospatiale alouette iii, which will be replaced by eurocopter ec-635s.	in 2011 the swiss air force will also be retiring its fleet of 60 arospatiale alouette iii, which will be replaced by eurocopter ec-635s.
the harry t. and harriette v. moore memorial park and cultural center features a museum with artifacts and time line of the civil rights movement and the story of the harry t. and harriette v. moore, civil rights leaders who were tragically killed when their home was bombed.	the harry t. and harriette v. moore memorial park and cultural center features a museum with artifacts and time line of the civil rights movement and the story of the harry t. and harriette v. moore, civil rights leaders who were killed when their home was bombed.
the character was even widely rejected and often ridiculed by sections of the series' hardcore fanbase, who felt that jar jar was clearly included in the film solely to appeal to children.	the character was widely rejected and often ridiculed by sections of the series' hardcore fanbase, who felt that jar jar was clearly included in the film solely to appeal to children.
"some extreme american ""conservatives"" term themselves ""libertarians"" (including some who support the libertarian party) and advocate fiscal conservatism mixed with social liberalism, further blurring the traditional distinctions between liberalism and conservatism."	"some american ""conservatives"" term themselves ""libertarians"" (including some who support the libertarian party) and advocate fiscal conservatism mixed with social liberalism, further blurring the traditional distinctions between liberalism and conservatism."
michael healey is a major canadian playwright.	michael healey is a canadian playwright.
she contributed to and supported as an editor scrutiny (1932-1951), an influential journal that promoted a stringent and morally serious approach to literary criticism.	she contributed to and supported as an editor scrutiny (1932-1951), an influential journal that claimed to promote a stringent and morally serious approach to literary criticism.
years later the battle was described in the biased livonian rhymed chronicle of the livonian branch of the teutonic order:	years later the battle was described in the livonian rhymed chronicle of the livonian branch of the teutonic order:
shlomo ben-ami, then israel's minister of foreign relations who participated in the talks, stated that the palestinians wanted the immediate withdrawal of the israelis from the west bank, gaza strip and east jerusalem, and only subsequently the palestinian authority would dismantle the palestinian terror organizations.	shlomo ben-ami, then israel's minister of foreign relations who participated in the talks, stated that the palestinians wanted the immediate withdrawal of the israelis from the west bank, gaza strip and east jerusalem, and only subsequently the palestinian authority would dismantle the palestinian organizations.
many people mistakenly use sid as their main operating system because they feel that it's the only debian release with reasonably up-to-date software.	many people use sid as their main operating system because they feel that it's the only debian release with reasonably up-to-date software.
"jennifer lee ""jen"" taylor (born on february 17, 1973 in seattle, washington) is a voice actress best known for her role as cortana in the ground-breaking xbox game, halo."	"jennifer lee ""jen"" taylor (born on february 17, 1973 in seattle, washington) is a voice actress best known for her role as cortana in the xbox game, halo."
-- come on holiday to sarlat and the lovely region surrounding it and some have settled there permanently.	-- come on holiday to sarlat and the region surrounding it and some have settled there permanently.
in 1942 tonight and every night starring rita hayworth was made in glorious technicolour, based on a broadway stage play called heart of the city by leslie storm.	in 1942 tonight and every night starring rita hayworth was made in technicolour, based on a broadway stage play called heart of the city by leslie storm.
the last farmer finished had the responsibility to take in and care for the corn dolly for the next year.	the last farmer to finish had the responsibility to take in and care for the corn dolly for the next year.
"some gsas change their name to place less emphasis on the word ""gay,"" resulting in creative alternatives such as ""project rainbow,"" ""pride alliance,"" ""common ground,"" ""coexist"", ""spectrum,"" or even the ""straight-gay alliance."""	"some gsas change their name to place less emphasis on the word ""gay,"" resulting in alternatives such as ""project rainbow,"" ""pride alliance,"" ""common ground,"" ""coexist"", ""spectrum,"" or even the ""straight-gay alliance."""
only a few scientists disagree, most commonly asserting that although warming is occurring, its cause is either natural or unknown.	a few scientists disagree, most commonly asserting that although warming is occurring, its cause is either natural or unknown.
how to train your dragon 2 received highly positive critical responses.	how to train your dragon 2 received positive critical responses.
no answers in genesis, an atheist-founded-and-operated site rebutting aig claims.	no answers in genesis, an atheist-founded-and-operated site attempting to rebut aig claims.
greed for control of the mineral wealth is behind some of the most violent atrocities.	conflict for control of the mineral wealth is behind some of the most violent atrocities.
jowell y randy (also known as jowell & randy) are a famous reggaeton duo from puerto rico.	jowell y randy (also known as jowell & randy) are a reggaeton duo from puerto rico.
parker also taught at the new england conservatory of music, and beaver country day school, which is a prestigious private college-preparatory school in brookline, ma.	parker also taught at the new england conservatory of music, and beaver country day school, which is a private college-preparatory school in brookline, ma.
ilana glazer, actress and comedienne (broad city)	ilana glazer, actress and comedian (broad city)
"controversy erupted once again in january 2009 when a british newspaper revealed videos showing prince harry employing racist language, calling one british asian soldier ""our little paki friend"" and later calling a soldier wearing a cloth on his head a ""raghead"" (a racial slur for an arab)."	"controversy erupted again in january 2009 when a british newspaper revealed videos showing prince harry employing racist language, calling one british asian soldier ""our little paki friend"" and later calling a soldier wearing a cloth on his head a ""raghead"" (a racial slur for an arab)."
during a stellar 21-season career, he became the first player to win league mvp honors in both the national and american leagues, won the triple crown, was a member of two teams that won the world series (the 1966 and 1970 baltimore orioles), and amassed the fourth-most career home runs at the time of his retirement (he is currently sixth).	during a 21-season career, he became the first player to win league mvp honors in both the national and american leagues, won the triple crown, was a member of two teams that won the world series (the 1966 and 1970 baltimore orioles), and amassed the fourth-most career home runs at the time of his retirement (he is currently sixth).
"meta refresh is a discouraged method of instructing a web browser to automatically refresh the current web page or frame after a given time interval, using an html meta element with the parameter set to ""refresh"" and a content parameter giving the time interval in seconds."	"meta refresh is a legacy method of instructing a web browser to automatically refresh the current web page or frame after a given time interval, using an html meta element with the parameter set to ""refresh"" and a content parameter giving the time interval in seconds."
the kreutzer sonata is a remarkable novella by leo tolstoy, published in 1889 and promptly censored by the russian authorities.	the kreutzer sonata is a novella by leo tolstoy, published in 1889 and promptly censored by the russian authorities.
eventually, the doctrine of christ being fully god and fully man simultaneously was defined as doctrine by the catholic church, and all competing beliefs were labelled heresies.	eventually, the doctrine of christ being fully god and fully man simultaneously was defined as doctrine by the catholic church, and all competing beliefs were defined as heresies.
one of them was jesus christ is not god, in which he addressed the truth that jesus christ is the son of god but not god himself, or a persona of the christian god, or a pre-existent being.	one of them was jesus christ is not god, in which he addressed the belief that jesus christ is the son of god but not god himself, or a persona of the christian god, or a pre-existent being.
despite his incredible achievements, abel was largely unrecognized during his lifetime; he made his discoveries while living in poverty and died at the age of 26.	despite his achievements, abel was largely unrecognized during his lifetime; he made his discoveries while living in poverty and died at the age of 26.
gorgeous hilary ann duff was born in houston, texas the second child of bob duff, owner of a chain of convenience stores, and his wife susan, a homemaker.	hilary ann duff was born in houston, texas the second child of bob duff, owner of a chain of convenience stores, and his wife susan, a homemaker.
in january 2007, the club made international headlines by signing english superstar david beckham, to a record deal potentially worth $250 million.	in january 2007, the club made international headlines by signing english player david beckham, to a record deal potentially worth $250 million.
although there has been some praise of these techniques, many maintain that this has distorted tupac's voice and messages in such a way that the album should not be officially recognized.	although there has been some praise of these techniques, some purists maintain that this has distorted tupac's voice and messages in such a way that the album should not be officially recognized.
cass r. sunstein (born 1954) is an american legal scholar, particularly in the fields of constitutional law, administrative law, environmental law, and law and behavioral economics.	cass r. sunstein (born 1954) is a balding american legal scholar, particularly in the fields of constitutional law, administrative law, environmental law, and law and behavioral economics.
the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to progressive social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.	the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to certain social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.
when interpreting levee funding issues, it is important to understand that the levees have been considered underfunded for decades furthermore, since the levee breaches were not directly due to storm surges or other flooding events overflowing the levee walls, it is questionable whether the levee improvements constrained by budget cuts have any relation to the new orleans flooding.	when interpreting levee funding issues, it is important to understand that the levees have been considered underfunded for decades furthermore, since the levee breaches were not directly due to storm surges or other flooding events overflowing the levee walls, it is difficult to ascertain whether the levee improvements constrained by budget cuts have any relation to the new orleans flooding.
"the most frequently appearing guest djs are stephen ""twitch"" boss of so you think you can dance fame, and comedienne loni love."	"the most frequently appearing guest djs are stephen ""twitch"" boss of so you think you can dance fame, and comedian loni love."
in march 2002, in honor of the expulsion of israeli troops from the south of the country, the arab league met in lebanon for the first time since 1967. lebanon also is a member of the organisation of islamic cooperation.	in march 2002, in honor of the withdrawal of israeli troops from the south of the country, the arab league met in lebanon for the first time since 1967. lebanon also is a member of the organisation of islamic cooperation.
during saponification, the positive charge from free fatty acids (ffa) reacts with negatively charged hydroxyl group in the caustic soda to form soap and glycerol .	during saponification, the positive charge from free fatty acids (ffa) reacts with negatively charged hydroxyl group in the caustic soda to form soap and h2o .
another remarkable version by abbado exists, recorded on sony in 1996, with the berliner philharmoniker.	another version by abbado exists, recorded on sony in 1996, with the berliner philharmoniker.
ciara bravo, an american teen actress, voice artist, singer, and comedienne	ciara bravo, an american teen actress, voice artist, singer, and comedian
spiritual state is the first studio album released by nujabes since modal soul in 2005. this will also likely be the final album as it was still partially unfinished prior to his passing in february 2010. it was finished by others close to him, and released in japan on december 3, 2011. the u.s. release date is likely in february 2012.	spiritual state is the first studio album released by nujabes since modal soul in 2005. this will also likely be the final album as it was still partially unfinished prior to his death in february 2010. it was finished by others close to him, and released in japan on december 3, 2011. the u.s. release date is likely in february 2012.
during a pre-season friendly against newport county on 30 july 2011, lee suffered a broken leg after a awful challenge from tom miller.	during a pre-season friendly against newport county on 30 july 2011, lee suffered a broken leg after a challenge from tom miller.
a 'ribbon-around-the-world' countdown was used starting in february 2003, when a large scale rebranding was brought out on both bbc world and bbc news 24. however, the countdowns in the latter featured some stunning visuals of the world and the uk in the background as the countdown proceeded, while the former merely had the usual 'world-spinning' image.	a 'ribbon-around-the-world' countdown was used starting in february 2003, when a large scale rebranding was brought out on both bbc world and bbc news 24. however, the countdowns in the latter featured some visuals of the world and the uk in the background as the countdown proceeded, while the former merely had the usual 'world-spinning' image.
say it right is a grammy-nominated single released by canadian singer nelly furtado.	say it right is a single released by canadian singer nelly furtado.
many sources spread the ridiculous story that abyssinian breed is a few thousands years old and that it directly comes from ancient egypt.	many sources spread the story that abyssinian breed is a few thousands years old and that it directly comes from ancient egypt.
tutshill is a small desirable village within the parish of tidenham in the forest of dean, gloucestershire, england.	tutshill is a small village within the parish of tidenham in the forest of dean, gloucestershire, england.
o'leary later acknowledged that he did make a technical mistake during the interview but he did not offer an apology for the slur .	o'leary later acknowledged that he did make a technical mistake during the interview but he did not offer an apology for the insult .
hard squares, argue detractors, may make sense in scandinavia but are completely out of place in a mediterranean city.	hard squares, argue detractors, may make sense in scandinavia but are out of place in a mediterranean city.
woodcut from anton koberger's bible (nuremberg, 1483): the angelically inspired saint matthew musters the old testament figures, led by abraham and david	woodcut from anton koberger's bible (nuremberg, 1483): the angelically inspired matthew musters the old testament figures, led by abraham and david
the glenshane pass, part of the a6 belfast to londonderry road, is in the mountains and has notoriously bad weather in winter.	the glenshane pass, part of the a6 belfast to derry road, is in the mountains and has notoriously bad weather in winter.
the fox broadcasting company launched at 11:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time on october 9, 1986. its inaugural program was a late-night talk show, the late show, which was hosted by comedienne joan rivers.	the fox broadcasting company launched at 11:00 p.m. eastern and pacific time on october 9, 1986. its inaugural program was a late-night talk show, the late show, which was hosted by comedian joan rivers.
campus police, reinforced by other san diego police department precincts , have in the past stepped up enforcement with plain clothes officers and random open-container checks.	campus police, reinforced by other san diego police department officers , have in the past stepped up enforcement with plain clothes officers and random open-container checks.
the song's awsome title originated from something said by ringo starr, the beatles' drummer.	the song's title originated from something said by ringo starr, the beatles' drummer.
bhangra is a lively form of music and dance that originated in the punjab region of india.	bhangra is a form of music and dance that originated in the punjab region of india.
british submarines used torpedoes to interdict the axis supply shipping to north africa, while fleet air arm swordfish sank three italian battleships at taranto by torpedo and (after a mistaken, but fortunately abortive, attack on sheffield) scored one crucial hit in the hunt for the german battleship bismarck.	british submarines used torpedoes to interdict the axis supply shipping to north africa, while fleet air arm swordfish sank three italian battleships at taranto by torpedo and (after a mistaken, but abortive, attack on sheffield) scored one crucial hit in the hunt for the german battleship bismarck.
gregory itzin — charles logan (president of the united states; manipulator of the conspiracy; main villain )	gregory itzin — charles logan (president of the united states; manipulator of the conspiracy; main antagonist )
the following day, a heavily-armed swat team of around 70 officers arrived at a protest demanding that protesters disperse.	the following day, a swat team of around 70 officers arrived at a protest demanding that protesters disperse.
anand narain mulla, a kashmiri brahmin, was himself a leading lawyer.	anand narain mulla, a kashmiri brahmin, was himself a lawyer.
he is a talented winger who can also play in the center of the pitch.	he is a winger who can also play in the center of the pitch.
"trani and wilson faulted murray for ""a tendency to go overboard"" in trying to connect harding with the successful policies of cabinet officers, and for claiming , without sufficient evidence, that a new, more assertive harding had emerged by 1923."	"trani and wilson faulted murray for ""a tendency to go overboard"" in trying to connect harding with the successful policies of cabinet officers, and for asserting , without sufficient evidence, that a new, more assertive harding had emerged by 1923."
furthermore, the cartoons were published in a conservative mainstream newspaper in the context of what many muslims perceive to be an islamophobic mood in many western countries, exemplified by the france hijab ban, the movie submission, and the 2005 cronulla race riots.	furthermore, the cartoons were published in a conservative mainstream newspaper in the context of what many muslims perceive to be an tense mood in many western countries, exemplified by the france hijab ban, the movie submission, and the 2005 cronulla race riots.
the consolidated natural resources act of 2008, creating the wild sky wilderness, was finally passed by the u.s. senate on april 10, 2008, and then passed the u.s. house of representatives a little less than three weeks later on april 29. president bush signed the wilderness into law on may 8, 2008.	the consolidated natural resources act of 2008, creating the wild sky wilderness, was passed by the u.s. senate on april 10, 2008, and then passed the u.s. house of representatives a little less than three weeks later on april 29. president bush signed the wilderness into law on may 8, 2008.
the haunting title track became famous when it was used by lexus in a commercial.	the title track became famous when it was used by lexus in a commercial.
nagornyy karabakh), often referred to by armenians as artsakh (armenian: ), is a region of armenia , in southern caucasia, located about 270 km (about 170 mi) west of the azerbaijani capital of baku.	nagornyy karabakh), often referred to by armenians as artsakh (armenian: ), is a region of azerbaijan , in southern caucasia, located about 270 km (about 170 mi) west of the azerbaijani capital of baku.
parsons left the band shortly thereafter, and hillman brought in virtuoso kentucky colonels guitarist clarence white as a replacement, but this lineup was short-lived when hillman himself left a few weeks later.	parsons left the band shortly thereafter, and hillman brought in kentucky colonels guitarist clarence white as a replacement, but this lineup was short-lived when hillman himself left a few weeks later.
"this diplomatic incident, which cooled down the italy-germany foreign relations for a long period, followed another of berlusconi's gaffes in 2001, when he declared the western civilization to be ""superior to islam""."	"this diplomatic incident, which cooled down the italy-germany foreign relations for a long period, followed another of berlusconi's statements in 2001, when he declared the western civilization to be ""superior to islam""."
moments later, as altgens prepared for a second photograph along elm street, he heard a blast that he recognized as gunfire and saw the president had been struck in the head.	moments later, as altgens prepared for a second photograph along elm street, he heard a noise that he recognized as gunfire and saw the president had been struck in the head.
"in front of nearly 10,000, wright gave a powerful speech in which he referred to the controversy, saying, ""i am not running for the oval office,"" referring to media and republican attempts to make the controversy part of the obama campaign."	"in front of nearly 10,000, wright gave a speech in which he referred to the controversy, saying, ""i am not running for the oval office,"" referring to media and republican attempts to make the controversy part of the obama campaign."
he was to remain at his post for twenty-one years, instituting badly-needed reforms, until he retired in 1941.	he was to remain at his post for twenty-one years, instituting reforms, until he retired in 1941.
"christians should obey all state authorities (john 19:10-11; romans 13:1-7; 1 timothy 2:1-7; titus 3:1-2; 1 peter 2:13-24) because ""it is commendable if a man bears up under the pain of unjust suffering because he is conscious of god."""	"christians should obey state authorities (john 19:10-11; romans 13:1-7; 1 timothy 2:1-7; titus 3:1-2; 1 peter 2:13-24) because ""it is commendable if a man bears up under the pain of unjust suffering because he is conscious of god."""
whilst a prolific goalscorer with top-flight clubs coventry city and nottingham forest, wallace surprisingly only played three times for his country.	whilst a prolific goalscorer with top-flight clubs coventry city and nottingham forest, wallace only played three times for his country.
the diary of jane was the fastest added single in hollywood records history, topping such mega-stars as queen.	the diary of jane was the fastest added single in hollywood records history, topping such artists as queen.
the new york convention requires that the states that have ratified it to recognize and enforce international arbitration agreements and foreign arbitral awards issued in other contracting states, subject to certain limited exceptions.	the new york convention requires the states that have ratified it to recognize and enforce international arbitration agreements and foreign arbitral awards issued in other contracting states, subject to certain limited exceptions.
roger federer sadly holds the open era record of most consecutive french open runner-up trophies.	roger federer holds the open era record of most consecutive french open runner-up trophies.
eyedea & abilities (often abbreviated as e&a) was an influential american indie rap duo from saint paul, minnesota, consisting of dj abilities (gregory keltgen) and rapper eyedea (micheal larsen).	eyedea & abilities (often abbreviated as e&a) was an american indie rap duo from saint paul, minnesota, consisting of dj abilities (gregory keltgen) and rapper eyedea (micheal larsen).
the nationalist movement attracted supporters following the repressions by the island government in the ponce and the ro piedras massacres; these showed the strong support by the united states to maintain its regime in puerto rico through its territorial government.	the nationalist movement attracted supporters following the repressions by the island government in the ponce and the ro piedras massacres; these showed the strong support by the united states to maintain its government in puerto rico through its territorial government.
... because god created humans alone	... because a creator diety created humans alone
ramsey campbell, probably, a collection of campbell's book reviews, film reviews, autobiographical writings and other nonfiction, was published in 2002. the book included a hostile critique of shaun hutson's heathen, parodying hutson's style.	ramsey campbell, probably, a collection of campbell's book reviews, film reviews, autobiographical writings and other nonfiction, was published in 2002. the book included a negative critique of shaun hutson's heathen, parodying hutson's style.
there, raymond allegedly delivered an address on the trinity, which moses ben nachman refuted .	there, raymond allegedly delivered an address on the trinity, which moses ben nachman denied .
it was founded in 1819 in helsinki, finland by russian colonist nikolai sinebrychoff , and is one of the largest breweries in finland today.	it was founded in 1819 in helsinki, finland by russian merchant nikolai sinebrychoff , and is one of the largest breweries in finland today.
due to his painfully adorable personality and appearance, bridget often leads many people to find him attractive.	due to his adorable personality and appearance, bridget often leads many people to find him attractive.
fontainebleau resorts is a resort-hotel company started by south florida real estate developers turnberry associates in 2005 after their purchase of the legendary fontainebleau resort in miami beach, florida.	fontainebleau resorts is a resort-hotel company started by south florida real estate developers turnberry associates in 2005 after their purchase of the famous fontainebleau resort in miami beach, florida.
this article is about the wwe's secondary world heavyweight championship.	this article is about the wwe's version of the world heavyweight championship.
the armenian apostolic orthodox church traces its origins to the missions of apostles bartholomew and thaddeus in the 1st century and is an early center of christianity.	the armenian apostolic orthodox church claims to trace its origins to the missions of apostles bartholomew and thaddeus in the 1st century and is an early center of christianity.
by convention, the queensland country party premier, joh bjelke-petersen, should have appointed the labor 's chosen replacement, mal colston (who ironically, 25 years later, turned his back on the alp and voted with the liberals in the senate).	by convention, the queensland country party premier, joh bjelke-petersen, should have appointed the alp 's chosen replacement, mal colston (who ironically, 25 years later, turned his back on the alp and voted with the liberals in the senate).
joanna cargill, also known as frenzy, is a fictional character, a mutant supervillainess in the marvel comics universe.	joanna cargill, also known as frenzy, is a fictional character, a mutant supervillain in the marvel comics universe.
she cited the numerous ethics complaints that had been filed following her selection as running mate to john mccain as the reason for her resignation, saying the resulting investigations had affected her ability to govern the state.	she cited the numerous ethics complaints that had been filed following her selection as running mate to john mccain as the reason for her resignation, saying the resulting investigations had affected her efficacy to govern the state.
"for example, a person worried that the price of his microsoft stock may go down before he plans to sell it may pay a fee to another person (the ""writer"" or seller of a put option) who agrees to buy the stock from him at the strike price."	"for example, a person worried that the price of his xyz stock may go down before he plans to sell it may pay a fee to another person (the ""writer"" or seller of a put option) who agrees to buy the stock from him at the strike price."
the grampians are a set of popular hills in the nelson, new zealand region.	the grampians are a set of hills in the nelson, new zealand region.
the group reports a worldwide membership of more than 8.3 million adherents involved in evangelism, convention attendance figures of more than 17 million, and an annual memorial attendance of more than 20 million.	the group claims a worldwide membership of more than 8.3 million adherents involved in evangelism, convention attendance figures of more than 17 million, and an annual memorial attendance of more than 20 million.
unfortunately the marriage did not long survive the filming, for the couple divorced in 1968.	the marriage did not long survive the filming, for the couple divorced in 1968.
in 2007, chronicles press/the rockford institute published a hard-hitting critique of mass immigration, immigration and the american future, which includes an interview with george borjas, and essays by peter brimelow, thomas fleming, et al.	in 2007, chronicles press/the rockford institute published a critique of mass immigration, immigration and the american future, which includes an interview with george borjas, and essays by peter brimelow, thomas fleming, et al.
webb profited from the fallout from an august 11 2006 incident in which allen used the word macaca to refer to s.r.	webb benefited from the fallout from an august 11 2006 incident in which allen used the word macaca to refer to s.r.
the bolsheviks, thereafter created a seven-member committee, the caucasian bureau (also known as the kavburo), which under the supervision of the future soviet dictator joseph stalin, then the acting commissar of nationalities, was tasked to head up matters in the caucasus.	the bolsheviks, thereafter created a seven-member committee, the caucasian bureau (also known as the kavburo), which under the supervision of the future soviet leader joseph stalin, then the acting commissar of nationalities, was tasked to head up matters in the caucasus.
along with other monarchist symbols, the order was suppressed during the reign of josip broz tito, and replaced with communist decorations such as the order of the people's hero.	along with other monarchist symbols, the order was suppressed during the administration of josip broz tito, and replaced with communist decorations such as the order of the people's hero.
davies and maxwell published an anti-vanunu story that was claimed by opponents to be part of a disinformation campaign on behalf of the israeli government.	davies and maxwell published an anti-vanunu story that was claimed by critics to be part of a disinformation campaign on behalf of the israeli government.
to the north, the beaver wall escarpment provides breathtaking views of the surroundings including the buttes at crawford all the way to the black hills.	to the north, the beaver wall escarpment provides views of the surroundings including the buttes at crawford all the way to the black hills.
"her song ""you oughta know"" for best female rock vocal performance & best rock song, but unfortunately the same song for song of the year, as well for herself as a best new artist on the same year; and her 1997 nominations such as ""ironic"" for record of the year & best music video in short form weren't garnered."	"her song ""you oughta know"" for best female rock vocal performance & best rock song, but the same song for song of the year, as well for herself as a best new artist on the same year; and her 1997 nominations such as ""ironic"" for record of the year & best music video in short form weren't garnered."
the galleria, stylized thegalleria or the houston galleria, is an upscale mixed-use urban development shopping mall centrally located in the uptown district of houston, texas, united states.	the galleria, stylized thegalleria or the houston galleria, is an upscale mixed-use urban development shopping mall located in the uptown district of houston, texas, united states.
in 1514, 1515 and 1521 coasts of the balearic islands and the spanish mainland were raided by infamous turkish privateer and ottoman admiral hayreddin barbarossa.	in 1514, 1515 and 1521 coasts of the balearic islands and the spanish mainland were raided by turkish privateer and ottoman admiral hayreddin barbarossa.
lyrical themes include stories by h. p. lovecraft , ww2, horror and anti- christian messages.	lyrical themes include stories by h. p. lovecraft , ww2, horror and anti- religious messages.
newton-john was married to matt lattanzi from 1984 to 1995. they had one child during their marriage, a girl named chloe rose lattanzi, born in 1986. chloe will be launching her own pop career later in 2006 with her much-anticipated debut album lonely nights in paradise.	newton-john was married to matt lattanzi from 1984 to 1995. they had one child during their marriage, a girl named chloe rose lattanzi, born in 1986. chloe will be launching her own pop career later in 2006 with her debut album lonely nights in paradise.
official islamic groups in germany have confirmed him as an apostate.	official islamic groups in germany have referred to him as an apostate.
lee is notable as the only member of either house of congress to vote against the authorization of use of force following the september 11, 2001 attacks.	lee is notable as the only member of either chamber of congress to vote against the authorization of use of force following the september 11, 2001 attacks.
furthermore, saudi arabia worried about the possibility of an iraqi shia pro-iranian government installed at its doorstep, following the demise of saddam's ba'ath regime.	furthermore, saudi arabia worried about the possibility of an iraqi shia pro-iranian government installed at its doorstep, following the demise of saddam's sunni regime.
"catherine elizabeth ""cat"" deeley (born 23 october 1976) is a british disc jockey, television presenter and former supermodel ."	"catherine elizabeth ""cat"" deeley (born 23 october 1976) is a british disc jockey, television presenter and former model ."
between 2014 and 2016 he was the coo of parami energy group in myanmar, where he developed the group's infrastructure deals, transformation plans and transparency policies while advocating for the implementation of clean energy in myanmar.	between 2014 and 2016 he was the coo of parami energy group in myanmar, where he managed the group's infrastructure deals, transformation plans and transparency policies while advocating for the implementation of clean energy in myanmar.
mahoney began his slimy career in the computer business.	mahoney began his career in the computer business.
the first turkish revolutionary troops entered the city on october 6, 1923.	the first turkish national movement troops entered the city on october 6, 1923.
he concluded his term there brilliantly by giving the 'grand act' -- a public defence of theses which cover the whole course of philosophy and theologyand was warmly congratulated by cardinals caesar baronius and francesco maria tarugi , who presided.	he concluded his term there by giving the 'grand act' -- a public defence of theses which cover the whole course of philosophy and theologyand was warmly congratulated by cardinals caesar baronius and francesco maria tarugi, who presided.
depending on a family's tradition, the clay idol (called shadu in marathi) is worshiped for one and a half, three and a half, seven or full 10 days, before ceremoniously being placed in a river or the sea.	depending on a family's tradition, the clay image (called shadu in marathi) is worshiped for one and a half, three and a half, seven or full 10 days, before ceremoniously being placed in a river or the sea.
boron appears as an active element in its first-approved organic pharmaceutical in the novel pharmaceutical bortezomib, a new class of drug called the proteasome inhibitors, which are active in myeloma and one form of lymphoma (it is in currently in experimental trials against other types of lymphoma).	boron appears as an active element in its first-approved organic pharmaceutical in the pharmaceutical bortezomib, a new class of drug called the proteasome inhibitors, which are active in myeloma and one form of lymphoma (it is in currently in experimental trials against other types of lymphoma).
the constitution party advocates a platform that purports to reflect the founding fathers' original intent of the u.s. constitution, principles found in the u.s. declaration of independence, and morals taken from the bible.	the constitution party advocates a platform that claims to reflect the founding fathers' original intent of the u.s. constitution, principles found in the u.s. declaration of independence, and morals taken from the bible.
latifabad is named after the famous sindhi sufi poet, shah abdul latif bhittai.	latifabad is named after the noted sindhi sufi poet, shah abdul latif bhittai.
unfortunately , some critics opted to focus predominantly on the sexual content of the music, rather than on the raw talent and musicianship found on the album.	however , some critics opted to focus predominantly on the sexual content of the music, rather than on the raw talent and musicianship found on the album.
when the 1988 matignon agreements were signed between the representatives of france and new caledonia to decide on holding the referendum for freedom , jean-marie tjibaou, the kanak leader of the independent movement, had mooted a proposal to set up an agency for the development of kanak culture (adck).	when the 1988 matignon agreements were signed between the representatives of france and new caledonia to decide on holding the referendum for independence , jean-marie tjibaou, the kanak leader of the independent movement, had mooted a proposal to set up an agency for the development of kanak culture (adck).
the playable character was released for all platforms on july 27, 2017.	the character was released for all platforms on july 27, 2017.
claims that christianity is the only true religion have, according to some critics, led misguided people to fight wars to enforce their belief.	claims that christianity is the only true religion have, according to some critics, led people to fight wars to enforce their belief.
by rejecting papal and ecclesiastical practices that conflicted with scripture, luther asserted the primacy of scriptural authority over the church; and by dismissing the supposed scriptural mandate for papal authority, the power of the keys (matt:16:1819), which he the pope does not possess, he took, possibly unintentionally, a step towards the break with rome.	by rejecting papal and ecclesiastical practices that conflicted with scripture, luther asserted the primacy of scriptural authority over the church; and by dismissing the scriptural mandate for papal authority, the power of the keys (matt:16:1819), which he the pope does not possess, he took, possibly unintentionally, a step towards the break with rome.
it was the third time in american history that a candidate won the vote in the electoral college without receiving a plurality of the popular vote; it also happened in the elections of 1876, and 1888. in 1824 john quincy adams received neither the popular vote nor the electoral college vote and was appointed president by the house of representatives.	it was the third time in american history that a candidate won the vote in the electoral college without receiving a plurality of the popular vote; it also happened in the elections of 1876, and 1888. in 1824 john quincy adams received neither the popular vote nor the electoral college vote and was selected president by the house of representatives.
born to the royal lineage of the gamedze clan of the kingdom of swaziland, he converted to judaism, received rabbinic ordination, and now lectures to jewish audiences all over the world with his fascinating personal story as to how an african prince became a black haredi jewish rabbi.	born to the royal lineage of the gamedze clan of the kingdom of swaziland, he converted to judaism, received rabbinic ordination, and now lectures to jewish audiences all over the world with his personal story as to how an african prince became a black haredi jewish rabbi.
when the tories won the election, joseph was made secretary of state for social services, which put him in charge of the largest bureaucracy of any government department but kept him out of control of economics.	when the conservatives won the election, joseph was made secretary of state for social services, which put him in charge of the largest bureaucracy of any government department but kept him out of control of economics.
sara maria forsberg (born 2 may 1994), known professionally as saara (stylised as saara; formerly smo, smoukahontas, or smokahontas), is a finnish singer, songwriter, youtube personality, actress, comedienne , multi-instrumentalist, and impersonator.	sara maria forsberg (born 2 may 1994), known professionally as saara (stylised as saara; formerly smo, smoukahontas, or smokahontas), is a finnish singer, songwriter, youtube personality, actress, comedian , multi-instrumentalist, and impersonator.
the objections raised by the catholic church are based on the allegation that masonry teaches a naturalistic deistic religion which is in conflict with church dogma .	the objections raised by the catholic church are based on the allegation that masonry teaches a naturalistic deistic religion which is in conflict with church doctrine .
the latter song, released on the 1984 victory album, was ultimately performed by mick jagger and the jackson 5. certain eerie resemblances between the two stars have also been noted <sup>.	the latter song, released on the 1984 victory album, was ultimately performed by mick jagger and the jackson 5. certain resemblances between the two stars have also been noted <sup>.
as described in various reports in the media, suspects have been arrested, violated , and transported by private jet or other means to the destination country.	as described in various reports in the media, suspects have been arrested, blindfolded, shackled, and sedated , and transported by private jet or other means to the destination country.
its mascot was a hilarious puppet dog with a microphone and failing arms.	its mascot was a puppet dog with a microphone and failing arms.
elderly class 87 electric locomotive and mk.3 coaches.	class 87 electric locomotive and mk.3 coaches.
brazil defeated italy 4–1 in the final, with pel scoring one and gloriously setting up carlos alberto for another in what some still consider to be the finest ever world cup.	brazil defeated italy 4–1 in the final, with pel scoring one and setting up carlos alberto for another in what some still consider to be the finest ever world cup.
the genitive form its has been wrongfully used to refer to human babies and animals, although with the passage of time this usage has come to be considered too impersonal in the case of babies, as it may be thought to demean a conscious being to the status of a mere object.	the genitive form its has been used to refer to human babies and animals, although with the passage of time this usage has come to be considered too impersonal in the case of babies, as it may be thought to demean a conscious being to the status of a mere object.
the traditional values coalition is a pro-family/ christian right organization that claims to represent 43,000 conservative christian churches throughout the united states of america.	the traditional values coalition is a christian right organization that claims to represent 43,000 conservative christian churches throughout the united states of america.
simcity (sc) is a city-building/urban planning simulation computer game in development by maxis, a subsidiary of electronic arts.	simcity (sc) is an upcoming city-building/urban planning simulation computer game in development by maxis, a subsidiary of electronic arts.
unfortunately virgin and capitol records merged and two years of work was shelved.	however, virgin and capitol records merged and two years of work was shelved.
thus, there is no single, one-size-fits-all form of feminism that can be considered representative of all feminist thought.	thus, there is no , one-size-fits-all form of feminism that can be considered representative of all feminist thought.
lamb of god, a direct reference to jesus christ who, in death, is traditionally considered to have played the role of a sacrificial lamb	lamb of god, a direct reference to jesus of nazareth who, in death, is traditionally considered to have played the role of a sacrificial lamb
"they propose that they are in search of ""possibilitarians"", a theme possibly resonating with the prominent ministry of ""possibility thinking"" promoted by reformed church of america minister reverend robert schuller."	"they propose that they are in search of ""possibilitarians"", a theme resonating with the prominent ministry of ""possibility thinking"" promoted by reformed church of america minister reverend robert schuller."
the so-called war on christmas is an alleged campaign to abolish the celebration of christmas in the united states of america.	the war on christmas is an alleged campaign to abolish the celebration of christmas in the united states of america.
paula said she could not bring herself to believe her brother had been responsible for the holocaust but agents ignored this as a sisterly expression of loyalty.	paula said she could not bring herself to believe her brother had been responsible for the holocaust but agents viewed this as a sisterly expression of loyalty.
portrayed by los angeles born actress and comedienne charlyne yi, she joins dr. greg house's team of diagnosticians in the department of diagnostic medicine at the fictional princeton-plainsboro teaching hospital in new jersey based on yale-new haven hospital.	portrayed by los angeles born actress and comedian charlyne yi, she joins dr. greg house's team of diagnosticians in the department of diagnostic medicine at the fictional princeton-plainsboro teaching hospital in new jersey based on yale-new haven hospital.
it was the worst terrorist attack in modern french history, killing 28 people and injuring over 100.	it was the deadliest terrorist attack in modern french history, killing 28 people and injuring over 100.
because the sperm itself makes up a very small proportion of an ejaculation, vasectomy does not significantly affect the volume, appearance, texture or tastiness of the ejaculate.	because the sperm itself makes up a very small proportion of an ejaculation, vasectomy does not significantly affect the volume, appearance, texture or taste of the ejaculate.
"he held that dual position until 1958. his classic science fiction short stories ""deadly city"" and ""the cosmic frame"" were made into motion pictures."	"he held that dual position until 1958. his science fiction short stories ""deadly city"" and ""the cosmic frame"" were made into motion pictures."
the minuteman project is a controversial border security organization started in april 2005 by a group of private united states individuals to monitor the united statesmexico border's flow of illegal immigrants, although it has expanded to include the united states-canada border as well.	the minuteman project is a border security organization started in april 2005 by a group of private united states individuals to monitor the united statesmexico border's flow of illegal immigrants, although it has expanded to include the united states-canada border as well.
in 1971 the dark british movie a clockwork orange was released with a synth soundtrack by american wendy carlos.	in 1971 the british movie a clockwork orange was released with a synth soundtrack by american wendy carlos.
afrocentrists insist that the ancient egyptians viewed themselves similarly to how black americans do today, i.e.	afrocentrists argue that the ancient egyptians viewed themselves similarly to how black americans do today, i.e.
"ludacris' song ""blow it out"" (from the chicken & beer album) acted as a limp response to his critics, namely bill o'reilly."	"ludacris' song ""blow it out"" (from the chicken & beer album) acted as a response to his critics, namely bill o'reilly."
located at morpheussoftware.net it is unfortunately often confused with a file-sharing program which later adopted the same name.	located at morpheussoftware.net it is often confused with a file-sharing program which later adopted the same name.
many of the magazine's commentators are affiliated with think-tanks such as the conservative heritage foundation and the neoconservative american enterprise institute, an arrangement which often leads to shared viewpoints between the magazine and such organizations.	many of the magazine's commentators are affiliated with think-tanks such as the heritage foundation and the neoconservative american enterprise institute, an arrangement which often leads to shared viewpoints between the magazine and such organizations.
the only other true battleship on display is the japanese pre-dreadnought .	the only other 20th century battleship on display is the japanese pre-dreadnought .
the origin of the legend appears to have stemmed from actual outlaws, or from tales of outlaws, such as hereward the wake, eustace the monk, and fulk fitzwarin.	the origin of the legend is claimed by some to have stemmed from actual outlaws, or from tales of outlaws, such as hereward the wake, eustace the monk, and fulk fitzwarin.
a group of british and commonwealth historians have since the 1960s argued against the long-held consensus that the battle was a disaster; asserting that the battle of the somme delivered more benefits for the british than it did for the germans.	a group of british and commonwealth historians have since the 1960s argued against the long-held consensus that the battle was a disaster; arguing that the battle of the somme delivered more benefits for the british than it did for the germans.
"the answer to this puzzle, which is a master key to unlocking the whole movie, is that most americans overlook the fact that july fourth was no ball, nor any kind of independence day, for native americans; that the weak american villain of the film is the re-embodiment of the american men who massacred the indians in earlier years; that kubrick is examining and reflecting on a problem that cuts through the decades and centuries."""	"the answer to this puzzle, which blakemore considers a master key to unlocking the whole movie, is that most americans overlook the fact that july fourth was no ball, nor any kind of independence day, for native americans; that the weak american villain of the film is the re-embodiment of the american men who massacred the indians in earlier years; that kubrick is examining and reflecting on a problem that cuts through the decades and centuries."""
despite having a series of successful albums and tours, schenker unequivocally quit ufo after their show in palo alto, california, on 29 october 1978. during this tour the band had recorded six concerts whose selected tracks would make up their seminal live album strangers in the night, which was released after he left the band.	despite having a series of successful albums and tours, schenker unequivocally quit ufo after their show in palo alto, california, on 29 october 1978. during this tour the band had recorded six concerts whose selected tracks would make up their live album strangers in the night, which was released after he left the band.
"jessica alba's performance was generally panned as well; jeannette catsoulis of the new york times called it ""vapid""."	"jessica alba's performance was generally criticized as well; jeannette catsoulis of the new york times called it ""vapid""."
served as its first national program director,mass celebrant,teacher and on-air personality from its 2000 inception until his passing on january 18, 2011. mary pyper is national board president,russ wilson is weekend on-air technician, and frank hare is studio/production manager.	served as its first national program director,mass celebrant,teacher and on-air personality from its 2000 inception until his death on january 18, 2011. mary pyper is national board president,russ wilson is weekend on-air technician, and frank hare is studio/production manager.
<small>the spanish colony of the spanish sahara up to 1976, 85% of the territory of western sahara is now occupied and administered by morocco.	<small>the spanish colony of the spanish sahara up to 1976, 85% of the territory of western sahara is now annexed and administered by morocco.
tactics that are illegal in sport/competition, such as biting or pinching the dominant opponent, are known to be of marginal benefit when in such a disadvantaged position.	tactics that are illegal in sport/competition, such as biting or pinching the dominant opponent, are considered by some to be of marginal benefit when in such a disadvantaged position.
bengaluru gundappa lakshminarayana swamy (19181980, kannada: ... ), also known as b. g. l. swamy, was an eminent indian botanist and kannada writer who served as professor and head of the department of botany and as principal of presidency college, chennai.	bengaluru gundappa lakshminarayana swamy (19181980, kannada: ... ), also known as b. g. l. swamy, was an indian botanist and kannada writer who served as professor and head of the department of botany and as principal of presidency college, chennai.
reagan sadly died at his home in bel-air, california in 2004 at the age of 93, after suffering from alzheimer's disease for a decade.	reagan died at his home in bel-air, california in 2004 at the age of 93, after suffering from alzheimer's disease for a decade.
in the 1950s, wood made a bizarre run of independently produced, and extremely low-budget horror, science fiction and cowboy films, now notorious for their technical errors, unsophisticated special effects, idiosyncratic dialogue, eccentric casts and outlandish plot elements.	in the 1950s, wood made a run of independently produced, and extremely low-budget horror, science fiction and cowboy films, now notorious for their technical errors, unsophisticated special effects, idiosyncratic dialogue, eccentric casts and outlandish plot elements.
this is proved by the letter from william wynn westcott (1893), which has remained in meyrink's private archives.	this is evidenced by the letter from william wynn westcott (1893), which has remained in meyrink's private archives.
all volumes made the new york times bestseller list through a notable and controversial attempt at chart-rigging, but the series received almost universal critical condemnation.	all volumes made the new york times bestseller list through a widespread and controversial attempt at chart-rigging, but the series received almost universal critical condemnation.
during the next four years, hooker divided his time between two major activities – investments and planning to run for governor again in 1970. politically, he kept up his connection with bobby kennedy and other members of the kennedy political family, and was greatly saddened when robert kennedy was assassinated in 1968. by this time hooker had many diversified investments including whale inc. and a chain of fried chicken restaurants with country comedienne minnie pearl and gospel singer mahalia jackson.	during the next four years, hooker divided his time between two major activities – investments and planning to run for governor again in 1970. politically, he kept up his connection with bobby kennedy and other members of the kennedy political family, and was greatly saddened when robert kennedy was assassinated in 1968. by this time hooker had many diversified investments including whale inc. and a chain of fried chicken restaurants with country comedian minnie pearl and gospel singer mahalia jackson.
the bedsit tapes is a compilation of songs recorded by the groundbreaking synthpop/new wave duo soft cell before their record contract with some bizarre records.	the bedsit tapes is a compilation of songs recorded by the synthpop/new wave duo soft cell before their record contract with some bizarre records.
a railway station for two (1982) (, vokzal dlja dvoikh) is a melodramatic and funny love story.	a railway station for two (1982) (, vokzal dlja dvoikh) is a melodramatic and comedic love story.
(with crude ascii illustrations)	(with ascii illustrations)
beginning with qualifiers for the 1998 world cup, afc has used home-and-away round robin format for its final qualifying round, instead of the single-venue format used in 1993. however, in each of the subsequent world cup qualifying campaigns, japan has determined its world cup fate in neutral site matches.	beginning with qualifiers for the 1998 world cup, afc has used home-and-away round robin format for its final qualifying round, instead of the single-venue format used in 1993. however, in two of the subsequent world cup qualifying campaigns, japan has determined its world cup fate in neutral site matches.
fighting reforms to have the gold mining industry pay royalties, the local community commission in elko county, nevada said that royalties would force mining companies to cut jobs and move elsewhere.	fighting proposals to have the gold mining industry pay royalties, the local community commission in elko county, nevada said that royalties would force mining companies to cut jobs and move elsewhere.
allen officially retired from the u.s. coast guard on june 30, 2010, but continues to serve as a civilian as the national incident commander of the bp oil spill.	allen officially retired from the u.s. coast guard on june 30, 2010, but continues to serve as a civilian as the national incident commander of the deepwater horizon oil spill.
"frances ""franny"" healy (born 24 august 1970) is an irish actress, comedienne , radio personality and tv presenter."	"frances ""franny"" healy (born 24 august 1970) is an irish actress, comedian , radio personality and tv presenter."
nektar regrouped in 2002 and headlined nearfest (opposite steve hackett) with a full line-up including synthesizer wizard larry fast.	nektar regrouped in 2002 and headlined nearfest (opposite steve hackett) with a full line-up including synthesizer player larry fast.
the umiak or umiaq is a good type of boat used by the inuit for transportation.	the umiak or umiaq is a type of boat used by the inuit for transportation.
in game 5 of the 2006 nba finals, with less than two seconds left in overtime, referees mistook howard's timeout sign to avery johnson as an official timeout .	in game 5 of the 2006 nba finals, with less than two seconds left in overtime, referees called howard's timeout sign to avery johnson as an official timeout .
"samir ""sam"" chachoua is an australian quack , trained as a medical doctor but not actively licensed to practice medicine, currently offering treatments in mexico that he claims to be effective alternative medicine vaccine therapies for cancer, diabetes and hiv among other diseases."	"samir ""sam"" chachoua is an australian, trained as a medical doctor but not actively licensed to practice medicine, currently offering treatments in mexico that he claims to be effective alternative medicine vaccine therapies for cancer, diabetes and hiv among other diseases."
han solo starts out as a chaotic neutral character in star wars but eventually shifts to good as the saga continues .	han solo starts out as a chaotic neutral character in star wars but eventually shifts to good as the saga proceeds .
he began his mandate at the club on 4 december 2007 and it lasted until his tragic death on 30 october 2008 due to heart problems.	he began his mandate at the club on 4 december 2007 and it lasted until his death on 30 october 2008 due to heart problems.
"he had stated on other occasions his view that the resurrected christ lacked a physical body, but the paraphrase of his quote as ""just a conjuring trick with bones"", while common, is unfair ."	"he had stated on other occasions his view that the resurrected christ lacked a physical body, but the paraphrase of his quote as ""just a conjuring trick with bones"", while common, is inaccurate ."
once on the test, which is run by a fierce officer called captain ramsay ( splendidly played by fulton mackay), the platoon are informed that their target for the weekend should be to become a twelve star platoon, and stars will be awarded for their success through the weekend.	once on the test, which is run by a fierce officer called captain ramsay (played by fulton mackay), the platoon are informed that their target for the weekend should be to become a twelve star platoon, and stars will be awarded for their success through the weekend.
smith has consistently supported restrictions on abortion rights .	smith has consistently supported restrictions on abortion.
many of his positions have now been adopted by a large percentage of north american adventists.	some of his positions have now been adopted by a large percentage of north american adventists.
the format of the show can lead to confrontations: during coverage of the 2004 republican national convention, then-u.s. senator zell miller, (d-georgia), who actually supported republican president george w. bush and was the keynote speaker at the republican convention, angrily stated that he wished he could challenge matthews to a duel because of matthews' questioning .	the format of the show can lead to confrontations: during coverage of the 2004 republican national convention, then-u.s. senator zell miller, (d-georgia), who supported republican president george w. bush and was the keynote speaker at the republican convention, angrily stated that he wished he could challenge matthews to a duel because of matthews' questioning .
because of the fiction of corporate personhood, a corporation is allowed to own property and enter into contracts.	because of the concept of corporate personhood, a corporation is allowed to own property and enter into contracts.
he has appeared in diverse roles since his first lead role in 1999's october sky, followed by the 2001 cult hit donnie darko, in which he played a psychologically troubled teen and onscreen brother to his real-life sister, actor maggie gyllenhaal.	he has appeared in diverse roles since his first lead role in 1999's october sky, followed by the 2001 cult hit donnie darko, in which he played a psychologically troubled teen and onscreen brother to his real-life sister, actress maggie gyllenhaal.
on 28th may 2010 police announced that david sanger had been found dead at his home in cumbria, having tragically taken his own life.	on 28th may 2010 police announced that david sanger had been found dead at his home in cumbria, having taken his own life.
"in 1988, he switched to the esp exp models, including his famous ""eetfuk"" explorer."	"in 1988, he switched to the esp exp models, including his ""eetfuk"" explorer."
this unbalanced agreement expired in 1990 after which date the dispute arose again.	this agreement expired in 1990 after which date the dispute arose again.
he gracefully resigned on 23 march 2006 because of the labour party political dispute.	he resigned on 23 march 2006 because of the labour party political dispute.
mtys rkosi (born march 14, 1892 as mtys rosenfeld – february 5, 1971) was a hungarian dictator and the leader of hungary from 1945 to 1956 through his post as general secretary of the hungarian communist party.	mtys rkosi (born march 14, 1892 as mtys rosenfeld – february 5, 1971) was a hungarian political figure and the leader of hungary from 1945 to 1956 through his post as general secretary of the hungarian communist party.
objectivism is a controversial philosophy created by russian-american philosopher and novelist ayn rand (19051982).	objectivism is a philosophy created by russian-american philosopher and novelist ayn rand (19051982).
she is outspoken against her native iran's current regime .	she is outspoken against her native iran's current government .
despite the short run of the series, some recurring characters emerged from the colorful inhabitants of the firefly universe:	despite the short run of the series, some recurring characters emerged from the inhabitants of the firefly universe:
"james buchanan, of the white supremacist group white civil rights, posted a racist barr endorsement on stormfront.org, urging whites to vote for the ""best man"" rather than a ""liberal"" presidential candidate like john mccain."	"james buchanan, of the white supremacist group white civil rights, posted a barr endorsement on stormfront.org, urging whites to vote for the ""best man"" rather than a ""liberal"" presidential candidate like john mccain."
according to carol rosenberg, writing in the lakeland ledger, on july 15, 2009 murphy told the press that his office plans to charge 66 guantanamo captives , in the guantanamo military commissions system.	according to carol rosenberg, writing in the lakeland ledger, on july 15, 2009 murphy told the press that his office plans to charge 66 guantanamo detainees , in the guantanamo military commissions system.
"this term is frequently over- used on the macbreak weekly podcast, resulting in the eventual creation of the ""rathole!"""	"this term is frequently used on the macbreak weekly podcast, resulting in the eventual creation of the ""rathole!"""
president bill clinton later apologized for the bombing, claiming it was accidental.	president bill clinton later apologized for the bombing, stating it was accidental.
"the reaction to flipboard was mainly positive, with many calling it a ""killer"" ipad app."	"the reaction to flipboard was mainly positive, with some calling it a ""killer"" ipad app."
his beloved friend padre agostino wrote to him in 1915, asking specific questions such as when he first experienced visions, whether he had been granted the stigmata, and whether he felt the pains of the passion of christ, namely the crowning of thorns and the scourging.	his close friend padre agostino wrote to him in 1915, asking specific questions such as when he first experienced visions, whether he had been granted the stigmata, and whether he felt the pains of the passion of christ, namely the crowning of thorns and the scourging.
today, the fda is headed by acting commissioner, dr. andrew von eschenbach, who succeeds dr. lester crawford who suddenly resigned on september 23, 2005 only two months after his final senate confirmation and a stormy tenure as deputy commissioner and acting commissioner, prior to his confirmation.	today, the fda is headed by acting commissioner, dr. andrew von eschenbach, who succeeds dr. lester crawford who resigned on september 23, 2005 only two months after his final senate confirmation and a stormy tenure as deputy commissioner and acting commissioner, prior to his confirmation.
is a shi'a islamic political party and militant resistance group based in lebanon.	is a shi'a islamic political party and militant group based in lebanon.
the hunt is led by the sadistic cop christini (played superbly by tcheky karyo), who only has one goal: to catch dobermann at any cost.	the hunt is led by the sadistic cop christini (played by tcheky karyo), who only has one goal: to catch dobermann at any cost.
many fundementalist christians are believers in biblical literalism, the concept that the bible, as the word of god, does not set out to mislead, and hence should be interpreted using the historical-grammatical method whenever there is no clear reason for any other reading.	many conservative christians are believers in biblical literalism, the concept that the bible, as the word of god, does not set out to mislead, and hence should be interpreted using the historical-grammatical method whenever there is no clear reason for any other reading.
modern artistic drawing of median and kurdish noblemen.	modern artistic drawing of median and persian noblemen.
this article is about nishikigoi, and uses the english word koi to refer to the beautiful fish.	this article is about nishikigoi, and uses the english word koi to refer to the colorful fish.
the log cabin republicans (lcr) is an organization that works within the republican party to advocate equal rights for all americans, including gays and lesbians in the united states with state chapters and a national office in washington, d.c. the group's constituency supports the republican party and advocates for homosexual civil rights.	the log cabin republicans (lcr) is an organization that works within the republican party to advocate equal rights for all americans, including gays and lesbians in the united states with state chapters and a national office in washington, d.c. the group's constituency supports the republican party and advocates for lgbt civil rights.
recently eugene has made some new appearances on bbc1's test the nation where he performed a morse code challenge in front of a sergeant major and also appeared in a recent edition of channel 4's 8 out of 10 cats: big brother special where he unfortunately did not speak a word, although he did manage to discuss the future of big brother following the decision to axe the celebrity version following the recent race row on an unknown radio station, and eugene has also made some appearances in the eastbourne half-marathon before his departure to scotland and also appeared as a quiz-master at a rally held over kempton park; eugene is to also broadcast again for rocket fm in mid-to-late october.	recently eugene has made some new appearances on bbc1's test the nation where he performed a morse code challenge in front of a sergeant major and also appeared in a recent edition of channel 4's 8 out of 10 cats: big brother special where he did not speak a word, although he did manage to discuss the future of big brother following the decision to axe the celebrity version following the recent race row on an unknown radio station, and eugene has also made some appearances in the eastbourne half-marathon before his departure to scotland and also appeared as a quiz-master at a rally held over kempton park; eugene is to also broadcast again for rocket fm in mid-to-late october.
december 28, 2002: edgar v and paul van dyk own glow.	december 28, 2002: edgar v and paul van dyk play at glow.
"it was also at a y combinator event, the 2007 startup school, that mark zuckerberg infamously said, ""young people are just smarter"" ."	"it was also at a y combinator event, the 2007 startup school, that mark zuckerberg said, ""young people are just smarter"" ."
the surge of public protest in shale hydraulic fracuring in the uk can be traced to 2007, when cuadrilla resources was granted a licence for shale gas exploration along the coast of lancashire.	the surge of public interest in shale hydraulic fracuring in the uk can be traced to 2007, when cuadrilla resources was granted a licence for shale gas exploration along the coast of lancashire.
this resulted in many wasted numbers.	this resulted in many unassigned numbers.
the designers of the metric system meant to make it as neutral as possible so that it could be adopted universally.	the designers of the metric system meant to make it as neutral as possible so that it can be adopted universally.
when the japanese attacked pearl harbor 7 december 1941, she was moored in port and opened fire at the enemy planes, aiding in splashing one and hitting two more.	when the japanese attacked pearl harbor 7 december 1941, she was moored in port and opened fire at the enemy planes, aiding in shooting down one and hitting two more.
shorter was a four-time winner of the prestigious fukuoka marathon (1971-1974).	shorter was a four-time winner of the fukuoka marathon (1971-1974).
"the united nations, or un, is an corrupt international organization made up of 191 states established in 1945. with the notable exception of the holy see/vatican city (who is the sole permanent observer state), all countries recognized by the cia as ""first-level sovereign entities"", are members."	"the united nations, or un, is an international organization made up of 191 states established in 1945. with the notable exception of the holy see/vatican city (who is the sole permanent observer state), all countries recognized by the cia as ""first-level sovereign entities"", are members."
hcis also organizes a yearly talent competition called the innofest where students in hcis get an opportunity to showcase their amazing talents.	hcis also organizes a yearly talent competition called the innofest where students in hcis get an opportunity to showcase their talents.
after his father's passing , his brother myles inherited the throne of laconia.	after his father's death , his brother myles inherited the throne of laconia.
fitzgerald's distinguished career in law enforcement began in 1976 when he was hired as a police officer by the municipality of bensalem township, pennsylvania.	fitzgerald's career in law enforcement began in 1976 when he was hired as a police officer by the municipality of bensalem township, pennsylvania.
a woman making a forearm pass or bump.	a player making a forearm pass or bump.
the scales and alsop incidents	the scales and alsop reports
the northern segment of the route between ontonagon and baraga was retained as a discontinuous segment of the highway; this northern segment was redesignated as m-38 .	the northern segment of the route between ontonagon and baraga was retained as a discontinuous segment of the highway; this northern segment was redesignated as another state trunkline .
the school's innovative global citizen medal program, introduced in 2003, is intended to encourage students to value themselves and their contributions to the community and to prepare for a future as well-rounded and important citizens.	the school's global citizen medal program, introduced in 2003, is intended to encourage students to value themselves and their contributions to the community and to prepare for a future as well-rounded and important citizens.
guests were evacuated and fortunately no one was seriously hurt.	guests were evacuated and no one was seriously hurt.
ma's role in the hit zombie film train to busan propelled him to international popularity.	ma's role in the zombie film train to busan propelled him to international popularity.
individuals who are openly homosexual are not prevented from entering the faith and joining in community life.	individuals who are openly homosexual are not prevented from entering the religion and joining in community life.
on september 4, 1922, after a conference session with the spirits in the seance room, sarah went to her bedroom for the night.	on september 4, 1922, after an alleged conference session with the spirits in the seance room, sarah went to her bedroom for the night.
hau wong temple, a lovely tiered-roof structure built in 1765, is dedicated to yeung hau, a loyal court official of the song dynasty who died with its last emperor.	hau wong temple, a tiered-roof structure built in 1765, is dedicated to yeung hau, a loyal court official of the song dynasty who died with its last emperor.
bad early modern english grammar	erroneous early modern english grammar
"in a speech on november 1, 2007, president bush attacked code pink, among other antiwar groups, saying ""when it comes to funding our troops, some in washington should spend more time responding to the warnings of terrorists like osama bin laden and the requests of our commanders on the ground and less time responding to the demands of moveon.org bloggers and code pink protesters."""	"in a speech on november 1, 2007, president bush criticised code pink, among other antiwar groups, saying ""when it comes to funding our troops, some in washington should spend more time responding to the warnings of terrorists like osama bin laden and the requests of our commanders on the ground and less time responding to the demands of moveon.org bloggers and code pink protesters."""
nam was led for most of its life by dorothy healey, who had ostensibly resigned from the communist party usa in 1973. healey led nam into its merger with the democratic socialist organizing committee in 1982 to form the democratic socialists of america.	nam was led for most of its life by dorothy healey, who had resigned from the communist party usa in 1973. healey led nam into its merger with the democratic socialist organizing committee in 1982 to form the democratic socialists of america.
k. a. paul, controversial christian preacher	k. a. paul, christian preacher
the american warships closed the enemy undetected with the aid of radar and fired torpedoes which sank hagikaze, arashi, and kawkaze with no damage to our ships.	the american warships closed the enemy undetected with the aid of radar and fired torpedoes which sank hagikaze, arashi, and kawkaze with no damage to american ships.
during his address to the students, he claimed that he never had enough money to pay for more than one semester of college.	during his address to the students, he became choked up saying that he never had enough money to pay for more than one semester of college.
in islamic theology, god is the imaginary all-powerful and all-knowing creator, sustainer, ordainer and judge of the universe.	in islamic theology, god is the all-powerful and all-knowing creator, sustainer, ordainer and judge of the universe.
"in 2003, wbc member charles hockenbarger, who was remarkably in his 70s at the time, had his face crushed in a beating after standing on a street corner holding a sign reading ""thank god for sept. 11""."	"in 2003, wbc member charles hockenbarger, who was in his 70s at the time, had his face crushed in a beating after standing on a street corner holding a sign reading ""thank god for sept. 11""."
aich or aech are also found among the oriya kshatriya .	aich or aech are also found among the oriya khandayat.
in daniel dennett's humorous philosophical lexicon, 'rorty' is defined as 'incorrigible' , which sums up both rorty's career and much of the philosophic community's reaction to it.	in daniel dennett's philosophical lexicon, 'rorty' is defined as 'incorrigible' , which sums up both rorty's career and much of the philosophic community's reaction to it.
the war's unpopularity was later reflected in widespread protests, including the largest documented worldwide protest in human history on february 15th, 2003 (eg., a day of global protests against war in iraq).	the war's unpopularity was reflected in widespread protests, including the largest documented worldwide protest in human history on february 15th, 2003 (eg., a day of global protests against war in iraq).
by the 1940s the financial condition of the 'l,' and of chicago mass transit in general, had become too precarious to permit continued private operation, and the necessary steps were taken to enable public takeover.	by the 1940s the financial condition of the 'l,' and of chicago mass transit in general, had become too precarious to permit continued subsidy-less operation, and the necessary steps were taken to enable public takeover.
the samogitian party wants samogitia to become an area where the samogitian dialect would have official status and where samogitians would have the right to declare their ethnic nationality.	the samogitian party wants samogitia to become an area where the samogitian language would have official status and where samogitians would have the right to declare their ethnic nationality.
this lists includes films that have won prestigious movie and science-fiction awards as well as films that have been listed among the worst ever made, or have won one or more golden raspberry awards.	this lists includes films that have won movie and science-fiction awards as well as films that have been listed among the worst ever made, or have won one or more golden raspberry awards.
known for his original contributions to chess strategy such as his ideas on positional play, his theories were held in high regard by such disparate chess players as aron nimzowitsch, siegbert tarrasch, and emanuel lasker.	known for his original contributions to chess strategy such as his ideas on positional play, his theories were held in high regard by such chess players as aron nimzowitsch, siegbert tarrasch, and emanuel lasker.
in 2004, allegations emerged that among kelly's sordid tapes was one including gospel singer deleon richards, who is also the wife of new york yankees baseball player gary sheffield.	in 2004, allegations emerged that among kelly's tapes was one including gospel singer deleon richards, who is also the wife of new york yankees baseball player gary sheffield.
anti-catholicism is a generic term for discrimination, hostility or prejudice directed at the catholic church and/or its clergy or its members, often rooted in hatred of their religion or culture.	anti-catholicism is a generic term for discrimination, hostility or prejudice directed at the catholic church and/or its clergy or its members, often rooted in misunderstanding of their religion or culture.
sarah vaughan (march 27, 1924 - april 3, 1990) was one of the greatest female jazz singers in the history of the genre, along with billie holiday and ella fitzgerald.	sarah vaughan (march 27, 1924 - april 3, 1990) is considered by some to be one of the greatest female jazz singers in the history of the genre, along with billie holiday and ella fitzgerald.
obert mood, head of the un observer mission, stated that the reported massacre could not be investigated as observers were prevented from entering the town by the syrian army.	obert mood, head of the un observer mission, stated that the reported event could not be investigated as observers were prevented from entering the town by the syrian army.
natalya sergeyevna polevshchikova , generally shortened to natasha poly (born july 12, 1985), is a russian top model.	natalya sergeyevna polevshchikova , generally shortened to natasha poly (born july 12, 1985), is a russian model.
although lloyd's individual films were not as commercially successful as charlie chaplin's on average, he was far more prolific (releasing twelve feature films in the 1920s while chaplin released just four), and made more money overall ($15.7 million to chaplin's $10.5 million).	although lloyd's individual films were not as commercially successful as chaplin's on average, he was far more prolific (releasing twelve feature films in the 1920s while chaplin released just four), and made more money overall ($15.7 million to chaplin's $10.5 million).
many public health authorities and food organizations such as the food and agricultural organization, the world health organization, the british nutrition foundation and the u.s. national academy of sciences recognize resistant starch as a beneficial carbohydrate.	public health authorities and food organizations such as the food and agricultural organization, the world health organization, the british nutrition foundation and the u.s. national academy of sciences recognize resistant starch as a beneficial carbohydrate.
the book traces the history of three families: the african-american twymons, the irish mcgoffs and the wasp divers.	the book traces the history of three families: the african-american twymons, the irish mcgoffs and the yankee divers.
he was abducted by the ira but escaped execution by jumping from a third floor window and was rescued by passers-by before being hospitalised.	he was abducted by the ira but escaped torture and death by jumping from a third floor window and was rescued by passers-by before being hospitalised.
2014 drum major willie veenstra turns to the crowd after the corps' energetic closer.	2014 drum major willie veenstra turns to the crowd after the corps' closer.
it is part of the university of pristina, temporarily relocated to kosovska mitrovica.	it is part of the university of pristina, relocated to kosovska mitrovica.
she also stars as sam hunter in the popular bbc/cinemax tv-series hunted.	she also stars as sam hunter in the bbc/cinemax tv-series hunted.
artin penik (1921 august 15, 1982) was a turkish-armenian who committed suicide by self-immolation in protest of the terrorist esenboga airport attack by the armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia (asala, also known as third october) on august 10, 1982.	artin penik (1921 august 15, 1982) was a turkish-armenian who committed suicide by self-immolation in protest of the esenboga airport attack by the armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia (asala, also known as third october) on august 10, 1982.
practitioners insist that they are not a religious group, and some say that meditation enhances their christian religious practice	practitioners say that they are not a religious group, and some say that meditation enhances their christian religious practice
michener demonstrates that the afrikaner oppression of blacks was partly due to dutch animosity towards the english, who assumed political and financial control of southern africa in 1795 and fought against the traditional way of life, including slavery, pursued by afrikaner farmers, or boers.	michener suggests that the afrikaner oppression of blacks was partly due to dutch animosity towards the english, who assumed political and financial control of southern africa in 1795 and fought against the traditional way of life, including slavery, pursued by afrikaner farmers, or boers.
saint-exupry station was designed by santiago calatrava, cost 750 million francs and opened on 3 july 1994, at the same time as the high speed line to saint-marcel-ls-valence.	saint-exupry station was designed by santiago calatrava, cost 750 million francs and opened on 3 july 1994, at the same as the high speed line to saint-marcel-ls-valence.
one of the more striking features of the band is that all members have always had strong straight edge, vegan and pro-animal rights beliefs (our lady of annihilation came with a small flyer for the eco-terrorism organization peta, for example).	one of the more striking features of the band is that all members have always had strong straight edge, vegan and pro-animal rights beliefs (our lady of annihilation came with a small flyer for the animal rights organization peta, for example).
minneapolis has a convoluted set of different government entities that oversee actions in the city.	minneapolis has an arguably convoluted set of different government entities that oversee actions in the city.
michael craig judge (born october 17, 1962) is an american animator, actor, voice actor, writer, director, and producer, best-known as the creator and star of the hit animated television series beavis and butt-head and king of the hill.	michael craig judge (born october 17, 1962) is an american animator, actor, voice actor, writer, director, and producer, best-known as the creator and star of the animated television series beavis and butt-head and king of the hill.
besides schur, it was noted in print by campbell (1897); elaborated by henri poincar (1899) and baker (1902); and systematized geometrically, and linked to the jacobi identity by hausdorff (1906).	following schur, it was noted in print by campbell (1897); elaborated by henri poincar (1899) and baker (1902); and systematized geometrically, and linked to the jacobi identity by hausdorff (1906).
building a small focused roster of exciting new music, the label's recent signings include: bondax, misha b, misty miller, the other tribe and rude kid.	building a small focused roster of new music, the label's recent signings include: bondax, misha b, misty miller, the other tribe and rude kid.
it was approved on the basis of only two studies that showed it reduced aggression towards others, self-injury, quickly changing moods, irritability, and temper tantrums in autistic men and women 617 years of age.	it was approved on the basis of two studies that showed it reduced aggression towards others, self-injury, quickly changing moods, irritability, and temper tantrums in autistic men and women 617 years of age.
won the south tipperary under 16 'c' hurling and minor 'c' football championships in 2011. reached the county final in both but sadly lost both.	won the south tipperary under 16 'c' hurling and minor 'c' football championships in 2011. reached the county final in both but lost both.
martin petrov left atletico madrid for the bitter half of manchester on 26 july, 2007, a relatively unknown talent to the english game.	martin petrov left atletico madrid for the blue half of manchester on 26 july, 2007, a relatively unknown talent to the english game.
the harvard law library eventually relented, and made available to scholars the extensive holmes papers, carefully collected and annotated by mark dewolfe howe, who died before he was able to complete his own biography of the justice.	the harvard law library eventually relented, and made available to scholars the extensive holmes papers, collected and annotated by mark dewolfe howe, who died before he was able to complete his own biography of the justice.
during an election rally at karwar, kumar allegedly threatened to prevent muslims from celebrating religious festivals after cautioning the people against activities of islamist terror groups.	during an election rally at karwar, kumar allegedly threatened to prevent muslims from celebrating religious festivals after cautioning the people against activities of islamist groups.
sohna is famous for its breathtaking view at night.	sohna is famous for its scenic view at night.
in athens, paul visits an altar with an inscription dedicated to the unknown god, so when he gave his famous speech on the areopagos, he proclaims to worship that same unknown god who he identifies as the christian god.	in athens, paul visits an altar with an inscription dedicated to the unknown god, so when he gave his speech on the areopagos, he proclaims to worship that same unknown god who he identifies as the christian god.
mayweather won by a controversial split decision in 12 tactically fought rounds, capturing the world boxing council (wbc) title though some saw the fight as being fairly one-sided on his behalf, while others thought de la hoya deserved the nod.	mayweather won by a split decision in 12 tactically fought rounds, capturing the world boxing council (wbc) title though some saw the fight as being fairly one-sided on his behalf, while others thought de la hoya deserved the nod.
"a fantastic cover of ""season of the witch"" was made by al kooper (with stephen stills on guitar) for the 1968 album ""super session""."	"a cover of ""season of the witch"" was made by al kooper (with stephen stills on guitar) for the 1968 album ""super session""."
"during the subsequent media frenzy , the game was removed from sale by some vendors, such as the uk and international branches of game and dixons, leading to ""significantly increased"" demand both from retailers and on internet auction sites."	"during the subsequent media exposure , the game was removed from sale by some vendors, such as the uk and international branches of game and dixons, leading to ""significantly increased"" demand both from retailers and on internet auction sites."
the foundation's creation was officially announced by wikipedia co- founder	the foundation's creation was officially announced by wikipedia founder
the pearl harbor advance-knowledge conspiracy theory is the ahistorical idea that the american officials had advance knowledge of japan's december 7, 1941 attack on pearl harbor.	the pearl harbor advance-knowledge conspiracy theory is the idea that the american officials had advance knowledge of japan's december 7, 1941 attack on pearl harbor.
following his passing , dr kalim siddiqui's closest associates advanced the work of icit.	following his death , dr kalim siddiqui's closest associates advanced the work of icit.
at its greatest extent, the empire comprised central anatolia, syria, judah , mesopotamia, persia, turkmenistan, pamir and indus valley.	at its greatest extent, the empire comprised central anatolia, syria, palestina , mesopotamia, persia, turkmenistan, pamir and indus valley.
arianism was a christological view held by followers of arius in the early christian church, claiming that jesus christ and god the father were not always contemporary, seeing the son as a divine being, created by the father (and consequently inferior to him) at some point in time, before which he did not exist.	arianism was a christological view held by followers of arius in the early christian church, claiming that jesus and god the father were not always contemporary, seeing the son as a divine being, created by the father (and consequently inferior to him) at some point in time, before which he did not exist.
o'flaherty is himself the target of an assassination attempt instigated by kappler, which fortunately fails due to the monsignor's boxing skills.	o'flaherty is himself the target of an assassination attempt instigated by kappler, which however fails due to the monsignor's boxing skills.
due to a relatively low immigrant population in the region, the policy also had the inadvertent consequence of athletic bilbao being the last club in la liga to have never fielded a black player.	due to a relatively low immigrant population in the region, the policy also had the consequence of athletic bilbao being the last club in la liga to have never fielded a black player.
kathleen turner provides the uncredited voice of jessica rabbit, roger rabbit's trashy and flirtatious toon wife.	kathleen turner provides the uncredited voice of jessica rabbit, roger rabbit's stunningly beautiful and flirtatious toon wife.
the globe and mail is a canadian english-language national newspaper, based in toronto and printed in seven cities across the country.	the globe and mail is a canadian english-language nationally-distributed newspaper, based in toronto and printed in seven cities across the country.
interestingly the propeller does not have, nor needs, an interrupt mechanism.	the propeller does not have, nor needs, an interrupt mechanism.
dream theater drew most from traditional prog rock and also built much of their earlier career on the band members' virtuosity , though later in their career they would abandon much of their more obvious prog rock influences (while retaining their prog complexity, however) in favor of a more edgy, modern prog metal sound.	dream theater drew most from traditional prog rock and also built much of their earlier career on the band members' instrumental skills , though later in their career they would abandon much of their more obvious prog rock influences (while retaining their prog complexity, however) in favor of a more edgy, modern prog metal sound.
"the show has been the source of some controversy due to these criticisms, as well as its host's ongoing criticism of fox news channel, to which he refers using a variety of deprecatory names (""fox noise"" and ""fixed news""), and his feud with bill o'reilly of fox's the o'reilly factor, whose show runs directly opposite."	"the show has been the source of some controversy due to these criticisms, as well as its host's ongoing criticism of fox news channel, to which he refers using a variety of satirical names (""fox noise"" and ""fixed news""), and his feud with bill o'reilly of fox's the o'reilly factor, whose show runs directly opposite."
castro became first secretary of the communist party of cuba in 1965, and led the transformation of cuba into a one-party dictatorship .	castro became first secretary of the communist party of cuba in 1965, and led the transformation of cuba into a one-party socialist republic .
almost famous is a 2000 comedy-drama film written and directed by cameron crowe and telling the fictional story of a teenage journalist writing for rolling stone magazine while covering the fictitious rock band stillwater, and his efforts to get his first cover story published.	almost famous is a 2000 film written and directed by cameron crowe and telling the fictional story of a teenage journalist writing for rolling stone magazine while covering the fictitious rock band stillwater, and his efforts to get his first cover story published.
for the famous bridge in tacoma, washington, united states, see tacoma narrows bridge.	for the bridge in tacoma, washington, united states, see tacoma narrows bridge.
the episode is the final south park to feature the voice talents of mary kay bergman, who sadly took her own life in november of 1999.	the episode is the final south park to feature the voice talents of mary kay bergman, who took her own life in november of 1999.
graph showing unsustainable shark catch from 1950 to 2006. overfishing of sharks has led to the upset of entire marine ecosystems.	graph showing shark catch from 1950 to 2006. overfishing of sharks has led to the upset of entire marine ecosystems.
despite a lukewarm box office reception that was barely enough to cover its budget, the film received favorable reviews from critics, multiple award nominations, and has since enjoyed a remarkable life on cable television, vhs, dvd, and blu-ray, was included in the american film institute's 100 years100 movies 10th anniversary edition.	despite a box office reception that was barely enough to cover its budget, the film received favorable reviews from critics, multiple award nominations, and has since enjoyed a remarkable life on cable television, vhs, dvd, and blu-ray, was included in the american film institute's 100 years100 movies 10th anniversary edition.
stacey slater (previously branning) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lacey turner.	stacey slater (previously branning) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lacey turner.
he is shown to have the amazing ability of flight.	he is shown to have the ability of flight.
in 1974, moon struck up an unlikely friendship with actor oliver reed, while working on the movie version of tommy.	in 1974, moon struck up an friendship with actor oliver reed, while working on the movie version of tommy.
this has caused her to attract considerable criticism and abuse from irish americans, some of whom have incorrectly alleged that she is not irish.	this has caused her to attract considerable criticism and abuse from irish americans, some of whom have alleged that she is not irish.
dune ( classic sci-fi film set on a desert planet)	dune (sci-fi film set on a desert planet)
game politics website that jack thompson trolls	game politics website that jack thompson frequents
cities and regions well- known for microclimates	cities and regions known for microclimates
the north american soccer league board of governors suspended chairperson aaron davidson and business relations with traffic sports.	the north american soccer league board of governors suspended chairman aaron davidson and business relations with traffic sports.
he was generally considered one of the more conservative members of the house, and ran for president of the united states in 1972 on the ultra- conservative american independent party ticket.	he was generally considered one of the more conservative members of the house, and ran for president of the united states in 1972 on the conservative american independent party ticket.
portugal's dictator antnio salazar allowed him to settle there on the condition that he completely abstain from politics.	portugal's leader antnio salazar allowed him to settle there on the condition that he completely abstain from politics.
many groups and people oppose the use of red light cameras.	various groups and people oppose the use of red light cameras.
on april 6th, 2009, a university student group arranged for a screening of the movie, but added an accompanying freedom of speech discussion, demonstrating that the university's support of their pornographic endeavor was a right guaranteed by the first amendment of the u.s. constitution.	on april 6th, 2009, a university student group arranged for a screening of the movie, but added an accompanying freedom of speech discussion, demonstrating that the university's support of their educational endeavor was a right guaranteed by the first amendment of the u.s. constitution.
"some of the nmts have been criticised for their misguided conclusion that ""morale bombing"" of civilians, including its nuclear variety, was legal, and for their judgement that, in certain situations, executing civilians in reprisal was permissible."	"some of the nmts have been criticised for their conclusion that ""morale bombing"" of civilians, including its nuclear variety, was legal, and for their judgement that, in certain situations, executing civilians in reprisal was permissible."
there is a fascinating collection of old photos and artefacts on display and their oral history project has produced the annual swords voices publication.	there is a collection of old photos and artefacts on display and their oral history project has produced the annual swords voices publication.
fortunately most type designers have ignored the commission and designed their own variants for each font, so that it works properly like other currency symbols and looks good with the rest of the font.	however, most type designers have ignored the commission and designed their own variants for each font, so that it works properly like other currency symbols and looks good with the rest of the font.
toyah ann willcox (born 18 may 1958 in kings heath, birmingham) is an english actress and singer.	toyah ann willcox (born 18 may 1958 in kings heath, birmingham) is an english actor and singer.
this store is famous for its watches, jewelry , porcelain, dishware, and handbags, as well as foreign luxury goods.	this store is famous for its watches, jewelery , porcelain, dishware, and handbags, as well as foreign luxury goods.
christopher john mccann (born 21 may 1987 in dublin) is a promising young irish footballer currently playing for burnley football club.	christopher john mccann (born 21 may 1987 in dublin) is a young irish footballer currently playing for burnley football club.
for example, there is a psychologism pertaining to epistemology which mixes up problems of epistemology (context of justification) with problems of psychology (context of discovery).	for example, there is a psychologism pertaining to epistemology which combines up problems of epistemology (context of justification) with problems of psychology (context of discovery).
unfortunately, his season was cut short by a vicious hit from behind by philadelphia flyer defenceman randy jones(see below).	unfortunately, his season was cut short by a hit from behind by philadelphia flyer defenceman randy jones (see below).
starpulse ( extremely favorable )	starpulse ( favorable )
thousands of lives have been lost since 1989 due to the intensified insurgency 1989, a widespread armed insurgency started in kashmir with the disputed rigged 1987 election ; since after 1987 rigged sate elections some of the 'states legislative assembly' 'formed militant wings' later on after the disputed rigged election and furthermore that had started a catalyst for the insurgency , casualties include civilians, kashmiri, and indian armed forces and foreign militants.	thousands of lives have been lost since 1989 due to the intensified insurgency 1989, a widespread armed insurgency started in kashmir with the disputed 1987 election ; since after 1987 rigged sate elections some of the 'states legislative assembly' 'formed militant wings' later on after the disputed rigged election and furthermore that had started a catalyst for the insurgency , casualties include civilians, kashmiri, and indian armed forces and foreign militants.
coburn is pro-life and opposes abortion even in cases of rape.	coburn is pro-life and opposes abortion in cases of rape.
in the mid-1800s a temperance movement was in full sway across the united states and temperance workers advanced their anti-alcohol prejudices on every front.	in the mid-1800s a temperance movement was in full sway across the united states and temperance workers advanced their anti-alcohol view on every front.
in only his second season as head coach mike tomlin was selected in fan balloting as the motorola coach of the year.	in his second season as head coach mike tomlin was selected in fan balloting as the motorola coach of the year.
enya (born eithne n bhraonin; , anglicised as enya brennan; 17 may 1961) is an irish celtic singer, instrumentalist, and songwriter.	enya (born eithne n bhraonin; , anglicised as enya brennan; 17 may 1961) is an irish singer, instrumentalist, and songwriter.
this makes for approximately 22 hours a day over the varied terrain of the us.	this makes for approximately 22 hours a day riding through the varied terrain of the us.
qambar was executed on march 26, 1996. a memorial for martyr isa was done in the village on march 26, 2008. sheikh ali salman, the leader of the largest political party in bahrain was present.	qambar was executed on march 26, 1996. a memorial for isa was done in the village on march 26, 2008. sheikh ali salman, the leader of the largest political party in bahrain was present.
in 2014, cumia was fired by siriusxm radio for a series of racist tweets.	in 2014, cumia was fired by siriusxm radio for a series of racially charged tweets.
unusual features of the early northern wei state	features of the early northern wei state
this new version of the age-old folkloric creature was obviously inspired by the santa claus traditions that were now spreading to scandinavia.	this new version of the age-old folkloric creature was inspired by the santa claus traditions that were now spreading to scandinavia.
mariotti's criticism of the newspaper industry and his resignation from the declining newspaper prompted a public rebuttal from fellow sun-times employee and movie critic roger ebert, who defended the newspaper business and criticized mariotti's penchant for writing sensationalist columns during his time there.	mariotti's criticism of the newspaper industry and his resignation from the newspaper prompted a public rebuttal from fellow sun-times employee and movie critic roger ebert, who defended the newspaper business and criticized mariotti's penchant for writing sensationalist columns during his time there.
"his theory (proposed in 1997 and recently updated in his 2004 book, ""the freedom element: living with hydrogen"") has been discredited by dessler, d.e."	"his theory (proposed in 1997 and recently updated in his 2004 book, ""the freedom element: living with hydrogen"") has been substantially refuted by dessler, d.e."
"the incorrect transliteration kassinga is also commonly used, with the ""k"" being a mutation of the original portuguese name either by german miners, or by indigenous people in whose language the letter ""k"" is also common."	"the transliteration kassinga is also commonly used, with the ""k"" being a mutation of the original portuguese name either by german miners, or by indigenous people in whose language the letter ""k"" is also common."
henri-louis bergson (; october 18, 1859–january 4, 1941) was a major french philosopher, influential in the first half of the 20th century.	henri-louis bergson (; october 18, 1859–january 4, 1941) was a french philosopher, influential in the first half of the 20th century.
racial tensions were high at the time due to fierce job competition and the use of black workers as scabs during labor strikes.	racial tensions were high at the time due to fierce job competition and the use of black workers as strikebreakers during labor strikes.
though states' rights was a cause of both northern and southern states before the war, control of the federal government led the freedom-loving republican party down a national line.	though states' rights was a cause of both northern and southern states before the war, control of the federal government led the republican party down a national line.
the caroline rhea show was an american syndicated variety/talk show hosted by actress and comedienne caroline rhea.	the caroline rhea show was an american syndicated variety/talk show hosted by actress and comedian caroline rhea.
it is also a component of the famous household antiseptic savlon.	it is also a component of the household antiseptic savlon.
giuseppe pinelli died while in police custody, and the radical left-wing newspaper initiated a campaign falsely accusing police officer luigi calabresi of having murdered him.	giuseppe pinelli died while in police custody, and the radical left-wing newspaper initiated a campaign accusing police officer luigi calabresi of having murdered him.
"however, what many foreigners are not aware of is that ""hur jun"" was broadcast years before ""dae jang gum"", and that it was immensely more popular than the latter in south korea."	"however, what many non koreans are not aware of is that ""hur jun"" was broadcast years before ""dae jang gum"", and that it was immensely more popular than the latter in south korea."
chaudhry zahoor elahi ( martyred on september 25, 1981) was a visionary pakistani statesman who rose to prominence from a small town of gujrat, punjab, pakistan.	chaudhry zahoor elahi ( assassinated on september 25, 1981) was a visionary pakistani statesman who rose to prominence from a small town of gujrat, punjab, pakistan.
the kosovo liberation army (kla) ( or ) was an albanian terrorist organization which sought the separation of kosovo from the fr yugoslavia in the 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army (kla) ( or ) was an albanian insurgent organization which sought the separation of kosovo from the fr yugoslavia in the 1990s.
the dutch could, therefore, recognize the flag, solving the legal problem of jones' pirated ship.	the dutch could, therefore, recognize the flag, solving the legal problem of jones' captured ship.
bill roper is a notorious video game developer and has been a well-known figure in the worldwide gaming industry for over a decade.	bill roper is a video game developer and has been a well-known figure in the worldwide gaming industry for over a decade.
certain groups turn to destruction of property in order to immediately stop environmental destruction or to make visible arguments against forms of modern technology considered detrimental to the earth and its inhabitants.	certain groups turn to destruction of property in order to immediately stop environmental destruction or to make visible arguments against forms of modern technology they consider detrimental to the earth and its inhabitants.
the striking parallels have led many to speculate that the knanaya are in fact the yemeni jews who split to form their own community and knai thomman is joseph rabban.	the parallels have led many to speculate that the knanaya are in fact the yemeni jews who split to form their own community and knai thomman is joseph rabban.
there are many bars and nightclubs in magaluf and many well-known djs have played at the resort including dj sammy, freemasons, greg james, judge jules, tiesto, pat sharp, and tim westwood.	there are many bars and nightclubs in magaluf and many djs have played at the resort including dj sammy, freemasons, greg james, judge jules, tiesto, pat sharp, and tim westwood.
current and former patrons of the organisation include former governor-general michael jeffery, the late kim edward beazley, professor rupert goodman, prof. jerzy zubrzycki, dame elisabeth murdoch and renowned australian war veteran major general w.b.	current and former patrons of the organisation include former governor-general michael jeffery, the late kim edward beazley, professor rupert goodman, prof. jerzy zubrzycki, dame elisabeth murdoch and australian war veteran major general w.b.
face of a hero is a novel written by american writer louis falstein and published in 1950. though out of print for a long time, interest in this narrative, dealing with the war experience of a b-24 tail gunner in southern europe during w.w.ii, was rekindled when it was suggested that it inspired joseph heller while writing his well-known postmodernist war novel catch-22.	face of a hero is a novel written by american writer louis falstein and published in 1950. though out of print for a long time, interest in this narrative, dealing with the war experience of a b-24 tail gunner in southern europe during w.w.ii, was rekindled when it was suggested that it inspired joseph heller while writing his well-known war novel catch-22.
according to fairness and accuracy in reporting, a liberal watchdog group, democratic candidate john edwards was falsely maligned and was not given coverage commensurate with his standing in presidential campaign coverage because his message questioned corporate power.	according to fairness and accuracy in reporting, a media watchdog group, democratic candidate john edwards was falsely maligned and was not given coverage commensurate with his standing in presidential campaign coverage because his message questioned corporate power.
superstar rajinikanth lists vatal nagraj as his favorite speaker.	the actor rajinikanth lists vatal nagraj as his favorite speaker.
heck was awarded the nobel prize in chemistry on october 6, 2010, sharing this high honor and monetary prize with the japanese chemists ei-ichi negishi and akira suzuki, for their work on palladium-catalyzed coupling reactions in organic synthesis.	heck was awarded the nobel prize in chemistry on october 6, 2010, sharing this honor and monetary prize with the japanese chemists ei-ichi negishi and akira suzuki, for their work on palladium-catalyzed coupling reactions in organic synthesis.
hrotsvitha is frequently referred to in john kennedy toole's comic masterpiece a confederacy of dunces, in which she is called hroswitha.	hrotsvitha is frequently referred to in john kennedy toole's comic novel a confederacy of dunces, in which she is called hroswitha.
unfortunately tasmania's small population and low sponsorship potential results in the state not being represented in national netball, soccer and basketball leagues; although the oasis hobart chargers do represent hobart in the south east australian basketball league (seabl).	tasmania's small population and low sponsorship potential results in the state not being represented in national netball, soccer and basketball leagues; although the oasis hobart chargers do represent hobart in the south east australian basketball league (seabl).
effects include relaxation, euphoria, altered space-time perception, enhancement of visual, auditory, and olfactory senses, disorientation, and appetite stimulation.	effects include relaxation, euphoria, altered space-time perception, alteration of visual, auditory, and olfactory senses, disorientation, and appetite stimulation.
a common view among jews today is that, while the persecutions of the middle ages that resulted from disputations are in the past, jews still suffer under the threat that their children will be drawn into christian sects that engage in active proselytization.	a common view among jews today is that, while the persecutions of the middle ages that resulted from disputations are in the past, jews still suffer under the threat that their children will be drawn into christian groups that engage in active proselytization.
prince radu is, as are a number of other prominent public figures, the victim of unsubstantiated press accusations of having been an informer of the romanian communist intelligence agency (securitate) during ceausescu's dictatorship.	prince radu is, as are a number of other prominent public figures, the target of unsubstantiated press accusations of having been an informer of the romanian communist intelligence agency (securitate) during ceausescu's dictatorship.
eva gabor (february 11, 1919 july 4, 1995) was a hungarian-born american socialite, actress, comedienne , and singer.	eva gabor (february 11, 1919 july 4, 1995) was a hungarian-born american socialite, actress, comedian , and singer.
this comparison of guantnamo bay to the gulag system invited criticism of amnesty international.	this comparison of guantnamo bay to the gulag system was met by criticism of amnesty international.
"the dub is, however, infamous for its appallingly poor quality, full of mistranslations and incorrect names (blaster becomes ""billy"", blurr becomes known as ""wally"", jazz is ""marshall"", hot rod is ""rodimus"", pronounced ""roadimus"", the matrix becomes ""the power pack"", spike is ""sparkle"", soundblaster is ""new soundwave"", metroplex is called ""phillip"", cerebros is ""fortress"", and fortress maximus is known as ""spaceship bruce""), and stilted dialog such as ""i'll send you express to hell"", and ""fortress maximus has come himself""."	"the dub is, however, infamous for its poor quality, full of mistranslations and incorrect names (blaster becomes ""billy"", blurr becomes known as ""wally"", jazz is ""marshall"", hot rod is ""rodimus"", pronounced ""roadimus"", the matrix becomes ""the power pack"", spike is ""sparkle"", soundblaster is ""new soundwave"", metroplex is called ""phillip"", cerebros is ""fortress"", and fortress maximus is known as ""spaceship bruce""), and stilted dialog such as ""i'll send you express to hell"", and ""fortress maximus has come himself""."
miranda jane richardson (born 3 march 1958) is an english stage, film and television actress .	miranda jane richardson (born 3 march 1958) is an english stage, film and television actor.
in some occasions, they may mine their own work, lifting riffs and themes from earlier films, imitate successful indian songs or films, or copy movies or hit songs from other countries' film industries (such as hollywood).	in some occasions, they may mine their own work, lifting riffs and themes from earlier films, imitate successful south asian songs or films, or copy movies or hit songs from other countries' film industries (such as hollywood).
on thursday, september 7, israel ended it's 8-week long air illegal blockade on lebanon.	on thursday, september 7, israel ended it's 8-week long air blockade on lebanon.
"the process made the shorts more marketable in the modern television era, but prevented the viewers from seeing the original fleischer pen-and-ink work, as well as the three-dimensional backgrounds created by fleischer's ""stereoptical"" process."	"the process was intended to make the shorts more marketable in the modern television era, but prevented the viewers from seeing the original fleischer pen-and-ink work, as well as the three-dimensional backgrounds created by fleischer's ""stereoptical"" process."
ralf loose replaced rainer hrgl as coach at fc augsburg in october 2007. loose was rightfully sacked in april 2008 after a dismal season that has left augsburg teetering close to relegation.	ralf loose replaced rainer hrgl as coach at fc augsburg in october 2007. loose was sacked in april 2008 after a dismal season that has left augsburg teetering close to relegation.
this is reflected in the subject matter of the creation (1798) and the seasons (1801), which address such weighty topics as the meaning of life and the purpose of mankind , and represent an attempt to render the sublime in music.	this is reflected in the subject matter of the creation (1798) and the seasons (1801), which address such weighty topics as the meaning of life and the purpose of humankind , and represent an attempt to render the sublime in music.
matthews continued to press him on specifics, but james could not answer.	matthews continued to press him on specifics, but james did not answer.
these theories are widely discredited as pseudoscience.	these theories are widely regarded as pseudoscience.
the hymn of panathinaikos or syllogos megalos (great club) is the anthem of panathinaikos a.o.. it was written in 1958. the music is by giorgos mouzakis, a famous musician and trumpeter of the era, and the lyrics are by giorgos oikonomidis.	the hymn of panathinaikos or syllogos megalos (great club) is the anthem of panathinaikos a.o.. it was written in 1958. the music is by giorgos mouzakis, a well-known musician and trumpeter of the era, and the lyrics are by giorgos oikonomidis.
with recent discoveriesjupiter currently has 63 known satellitesas well as computerization, this is somewhat disparaged for the minor worlds, at least in computerized listings.	with recent discoveriesjupiter currently has 63 known satellitesas well as computerization, this is somewhat deprecated for the minor worlds, at least in computerized listings.
april fool's day, a notable day celebrated in many countries on april 1, marked by the commission of hoaxes and other practical jokes on friends and neighbours	april fool's day, a day celebrated in many countries on april 1, marked by the commission of hoaxes and other practical jokes on friends and neighbours
the common mythology is that gaelic irish resisted this conquest through military and other means, but their society featured small independent lordships and lacked a common political goal such as a centralised independent irish state.	the common perception is that gaelic irish resisted this conquest through military and other means, but their society featured small independent lordships and lacked a common political goal such as a centralised independent irish state.
the indiscriminate bombardment of civilian areas stopped only after the successful suppression of azerbaijani military outposts in the nearby town of shusha by armenian self-defense units on may 8, 1992.	the indiscriminate bombardment of civilian areas stopped only after the successful suppression of azerbaijani military outposts in the nearby town of shusha by armenian units on may 8, 1992.
"a drawback of ""stereo realist"" type cameras is that the lenses are at a fixed separation, known as ""fixed stereo base"", which was slightly more than the average distance between the human eyes.the stereo base was ideal for subjects that were 7 to 20 feet from the camera, which worked well for most pictures but was somewhat lacking for more distant scenic shots."	"a characteristic of ""stereo realist"" type cameras is that the lenses are at a fixed separation, known as ""fixed stereo base"", which was slightly more than the average distance between the human eyes.the stereo base was ideal for subjects that were 7 to 20 feet from the camera, which worked well for most pictures but was somewhat lacking for more distant scenic shots."
critics note that the station uses propaganda which emphasizes nationalism, antisemitism, anti-communism and anti-german prejudice	critics claim that the station uses propaganda which emphasizes nationalism, antisemitism, anti-communism and anti-german prejudice
government amendments in 1894 and the establishment of the new zealand geographic board in the mid-1940s led to the encouragement of original mori names, although incorrect spellings and anglicised pronunciations persisted.	government amendments in 1894 and the establishment of the new zealand geographic board in the mid-1940s led to the encouragement of original mori names, although differing spellings and anglicised pronunciations persisted.
born in 1958, he came to britain from pakistan in 1966 with his parents to the town of halifax, where he memorised the glorious quran, learnt tajweed and basic quranic arabic.	born in 1958, he came to britain from pakistan in 1966 with his parents to the town of halifax, where he memorised the quran, learnt tajweed and basic quranic arabic.
mccarthy promoted the false conspiracy theory that bill ayers, co-founder of the militant radical left-wing organization weather underground, had authored obama's autobiography dreams from my father.	mccarthy promoted the false theory that bill ayers , co-founder of the militant radical left-wing organization weather underground, had authored obama's autobiography dreams from my father.
the police positive special was intended primarily for sale to law enforcement agencies and enjoys the notoriety of being colts most widely produced revolver design with over 750,000 built.	the police positive special was intended primarily for sale to law enforcement agencies and enjoys the distinction of being colts most widely produced revolver design with over 750,000 built.
unnamed characters played by a notable actor /actress	unnamed characters played by a notable actor
krishna iyer is an upcoming playback singer in the kollywood music industry.	krishna iyer is an playback singer in the kollywood music industry.
a stunning view of the forested mountains of nagorno-karabakh.	a view of the forested mountains of nagorno-karabakh.
the orogeny began 200 - 150 million years ago (much of the jurassic period), when the cimmerian plate collided with the southern coast of kazakhstania, north and south china, enclosing the ancient paleo-tethys ocean between them.	the orogeny is believed to have begun 200 - 150 million years ago (much of the jurassic period), when the cimmerian plate collided with the southern coast of kazakhstania, north and south china, enclosing the ancient paleo-tethys ocean between them.
madeline gail kahn (born madeline gail wolfson; september 29, 1942 december 3, 1999) was an american actress, comedienne , voice actress, and singer, known for her comedic roles in films directed by peter bogdanovich and mel brooks; including what's up, doc?	madeline gail kahn (born madeline gail wolfson; september 29, 1942 december 3, 1999) was an american actress, comedian , voice actress, and singer, known for her comedic roles in films directed by peter bogdanovich and mel brooks; including what's up, doc?
peshmerga forces also played a significant role with coalition troops in liberation of northern iraq from the ba'ath regime .	peshmerga forces also played a significant role with coalition troops in liberation of northern iraq from the ba'ath government .
golden key also offers more than $1,000,000 annually in scholarships and awards to its members along with a variety of other opportunities, both academic and career.	golden key claims that it offers more than $1,000,000 annually in scholarships and awards to its members along with a variety of other opportunities, both academic and career.
on march 6, 2009, the popular forward signed for emelec until december 2009, delgado was previously with ldu quito.	on march 6, 2009, the forward signed for emelec until december 2009, delgado was previously with ldu quito.
"chaotic resolve is the fourth album by christian singer plumb which features the hit songs, ""i can't do this"", ""better"", ""bittersweet"", ""blush"" and ""cut""."	"chaotic resolve is the fourth album by christian singer plumb which features the songs, ""i can't do this"", ""better"", ""bittersweet"", ""blush"" and ""cut""."
she represented the australian democrats from 1990 to 2002, was an independent senator between 2002 and 2005, adopting the party designation australian progressive alliance from 2003 to 2005. she married prominent adelaide lawyer matthew mitchell in december 2000. between them they have six children.	she represented the australian democrats from 1990 to 2002, was an independent senator between 2002 and 2005, adopting the party designation australian progressive alliance from 2003 to 2005. she married adelaide lawyer matthew mitchell in december 2000. between them they have six children.
officials often steal state property.	officials are alleged to steal state property.
the majority of the former warwick shire is home to the githabul people who have lived around this area for tens of thousands of years before invasion by europeans in the early 1840's.	the majority of the former warwick shire is home to the githabul people who have lived around this area for tens of thousands of years before arrival by europeans in the early 1840's.
"mann's recent work has been on modelling el nio, and he has warned that ""we are already committed to 50 to 100 years of global warming and several centuries of sea level rise"" and that reduction in fossil fuel emissions is required to slow the process down to a level that can be coped with."	"mann's recent work has been on modelling el nio, and he has alleged that ""we are already committed to 50 to 100 years of global warming and several centuries of sea level rise"" and that reduction in fossil fuel emissions is required to slow the process down to a level that can be coped with."
"he cryptically describes the story as ""something more than a fact,"" and bizarrely warns the audience that, ""future events such as these will affect you, in the future."""	"he cryptically describes the story as ""something more than a fact,"" and warns the audience that, ""future events such as these will affect you, in the future."""
in addition, godward painstakingly and meticulously rendered other important features in his paintings, animal skins (the paintings noon day rest (1910) and a cool retreat (1910) contain superb examples of such rendition) and wild flowers (nerissa (1906), illustrated above, and summer flowers (1903) are again excellent examples of this).	in addition, godward painstakingly and meticulously rendered other important features in his paintings, animal skins (the paintings noon day rest (1910) and a cool retreat (1910) contain examples of such rendition) and wild flowers (nerissa (1906), illustrated above, and summer flowers (1903) are again excellent examples of this).
"with the lead single ""smells like teen spirit"" from their 1991 album nevermind, nirvana exploded into the mainstream, bringing along with it a subgenre of alternative rock called grunge."	"with the lead single ""smells like teen spirit"" from their 1991 album nevermind, nirvana entered into the mainstream, bringing along with it a subgenre of alternative rock called grunge."
obama also claimed that the properties had been on the market for months, that his offer was the best of two bids, and that ms. rezko's bid was matched by another offer, also of $625,000, so that she could not have purchased the property for less.	obama also stated that the properties had been on the market for months, that his offer was the best of two bids, and that ms. rezko's bid was matched by another offer, also of $625,000, so that she could not have purchased the property for less.
"the status of the house of lords returned to the forefront of debate after the election of a liberal government in 1906. in 1909, the chancellor of the exchequer, david lloyd george, introduced into the house of commons the ""people's budget"", which proposed an unconstitutional land tax targeting wealthy landowners."	"the status of the house of lords returned to the forefront of debate after the election of a liberal government in 1906. in 1909, the chancellor of the exchequer, david lloyd george, introduced into the house of commons the ""people's budget"", which proposed an land tax targeting wealthy landowners."
she, behar and hasselbeck also made fun of his infamous comb-over haircut.	she, behar and hasselbeck also made fun of his comb-over haircut.
the mid 1960s saw the beginning of a series of conflicts across southern africa between white settler governments and various military and political movements for black majority rule.	the mid 1960s saw the beginning of a series of conflicts across southern africa between white governments and various military and political movements for black majority rule.
providence was founded in 1636 by roger williams, a religious exile from the massachusetts bay colony.	providence was founded in 1636 by roger williams, a protestant exile from the massachusetts bay colony.
a record 23 were killed in 2009 by hunters and in car accidents which leaves only about 100 individuals in the wild.	a record 23 were killed in 2009 by hunters and in car accidents which leaves about 100 individuals in the wild.
tasmania: boags in the north, cascade slop in the south	tasmania: boags in the north, cascade in the south
nancy kominsky died in london, on march 11, 2011. she was predeceased by her devoted husband of 28 years, patrick armine wodehouse, who had met her while she was teaching art in rome.	nancy kominsky died in london, on march 11, 2011. she was predeceased by her husband of 28 years, patrick armine wodehouse, who had met her while she was teaching art in rome.
michelle malkin 1992, journalist (los angeles daily news, the seattle times), author (in defense of internment), political commentator	michelle malkin 1992, columnist (los angeles daily news, the seattle times), author (in defense of internment), political commentator
jatt-sikhs are mostly descended from jat-hindus and some from jat-muslims .	jatt-sikhs are mostly descended from jat-hindus and some from jat-muslims , who themself descended from jat-hindus
in the past, bjp has largely been seen as a hard-line hindu party with close ties with the militant hindu organisation the rss.	in the past, bjp has largely been seen as a hard-line hindu party with close ties with the hindu organisation the rss.
it continues to offer outstanding meals in its dining room, known as the 'coffee room'.	it continues to offer meals in its dining room, known as the 'coffee room'.
a t-34-85 tank monument in the east german city of karl-marx-stadt (chemnitz) was the target of a 1980 terrorist bomb attack that inflicted minor damage on the vehicle and blew out nearby windows.	a t-34-85 tank monument in the east german city of karl-marx-stadt (chemnitz) was the target of a 1980 bomb attack that inflicted minor damage on the vehicle and blew out nearby windows.
david klingler, former star quarterback for the university of houston and cincinnati bengals	david klingler, former quarterback for the university of houston and cincinnati bengals
miller welcomed the arrival of paul martin's federal administration in late 2003, noting that martin was the first canadian prime minister to directly address municipal issues.	miller welcomed the arrival of paul martin's federal administration in late 2003, claiming that martin was the first canadian prime minister to directly address municipal issues.
however shortly before his death at the age of 92 he fathered a second son and daughter with his then mistress , gwenllian llywelyn.	however shortly before his death at the age of 92 he fathered a second son and daughter with his then partner , gwenllian llywelyn.
pozzallo is a great location to visit over the summer.	pozzallo is a popular location to visit over the summer.
however, it can also refer to such events beyond the earth-moon system: for example, a planet moving into the shadow cast by one of its moons, a moon passing into the shadow cast by its mother planet, or a moon passing into the shadow of another moon.	however, it can also refer to such events beyond the earth-moon system: for example, a planet moving into the shadow cast by one of its moons, a moon passing into the shadow cast by its host planet, or a moon passing into the shadow of another moon.
in december 1882 he produced his first novel, mr isaacs, a brilliant sketch of modern anglo-indian life mingled with a touch of oriental mystery.	in december 1882 he produced his first novel, mr isaacs, a sketch of modern anglo-indian life mingled with a touch of oriental mystery.
the situation in the local representative bodies in western ukraine, a stronghold of ukrainian nationalism, is somewhat different, especially in galicia, the only region in the country with the authoritarian tradition of ukrainian nationalism being present.	the situation in the local representative bodies in western ukraine, a stronghold of ukrainian nationalism, is somewhat different, especially in galicia, the only region in the country with the tradition of ukrainian nationalism being present.
in recent decades muslims have generally been vociferous in denying that the wall has any significance in judaism .	in recent decades muslims have been vociferous in denying that the wall has any significance in judaism .
it is the preeminent association in the field, and publishes a prestigious journal, transactions of the american philological association (tapa).	it is the preeminent association in the field, and publishes a journal, transactions of the american philological association (tapa).
julie van epps: former teacher and most successful dodgeville head volleyball coach.	julie van epps: former teacher and successful dodgeville head volleyball coach.
his good work, however, was largely undone by his son maximilian ii emanuel (16791726), whose far-reaching ambition set him warring against the ottoman empire and, on the side of france, in the great struggle of the spanish succession.	his constructive work, however, was largely undone by his son maximilian ii emanuel (16791726), whose far-reaching ambition set him warring against the ottoman empire and, on the side of france, in the great struggle of the spanish succession.
the bush administration officially admitted the implementation of the plan on march 1, 2002. key congressional leaders said that they had no prior knowledge of this government-in-waiting.	the bush administration officially acknowledged the implementation of the plan on march 1, 2002. key congressional leaders said that they had no prior knowledge of this government-in-waiting.
passing through lava flows, juniper stands and breathtaking views of west canyon, trail leads to a natural amphitheater set in white sandstone.	passing through lava flows, juniper stands and views of west canyon, trail leads to a natural amphitheater set in white sandstone.
she is best known for her role as boy-crazy teenager jenny piccolo in later seasons of the iconic tv sitcom happy days.	she is best known for her role as boy-crazy teenager jenny piccolo in later seasons of the tv sitcom happy days.
hinduism believes in one god, but recognizes that the one god can appear to humans in multiple names and forms.	hinduism believes in one god, but asserts that the one god can appear to humans in multiple names and forms.
the rest of its land border is shared with the northern irish counties of derry , tyrone and fermanagh.	the rest of its land border is shared with the northern irish counties of londonderry , tyrone and fermanagh.
"this is because when a questioner asks a hove resident whether they live in brighton, they are usually met with the response ""no, hove actually!""."	"this is because when a questioner asks a hove resident whether they live in brighton, they are reputedly met with the response ""no, hove actually!""."
the reverse prince albert piercing (rpa) is a common form of male genital piercing.	the reverse prince albert piercing (rpa) is a form of male genital piercing.
both his parents were born and reared in county londonderry , which became part of northern ireland in 1921. his father was an officer in first the ira, then the irish army.	both his parents were born and reared in county derry , which became part of northern ireland in 1921. his father was an officer in first the ira, then the irish army.
in 1888, british entrepreneur cecil rhodes fraudulently obtained a concession for mining rights from king lobengula of the ndebele peoples.	in 1888, british entrepreneur cecil rhodes obtained a concession for mining rights from king lobengula of the ndebele peoples.
harkat-ul-mujahideen is a pakistani islamist terrorist group.	harkat-ul-mujahideen is a pakistani islamist militant group.
kanye omari west (pronounced /'kn.je (born june 8 1977) is an american record producer and rapper.	kanye omari west (pronounced /'kn.je (born june 8 1977) is a six-time grammy award-winning american record producer and rapper.
the demolition was sneakily timed to turn the building into rubble before preservationists could act.	the demolition was timed to turn the building into rubble before preservationists could act.
a later showing, held september 28, 2003 at the pennsylvania state museum in harrisburg as a fundraiser for common roads, a local gay youth support group, was protested by 10 members of the westboro baptist church, a religious institution well known for their extreme anti-gay views.	a later showing, held september 28, 2003 at the pennsylvania state museum in harrisburg as a fundraiser for common roads, a local gay youth support group, was protested by 10 members of the westboro baptist church, a religious institution well known for their anti-gay views.
the vanguard progressive unionist party, also known as the vanguard ulster progressive party (and several variations of word order), was a unionist political party which existed in northern ireland between 1973 and 1978. it was closely affiliated with several unionist paramilitary groups.	the vanguard progressive unionist party, also known as the vanguard ulster progressive party (and several variations of word order), was a unionist political party which existed in northern ireland between 1973 and 1978. it was closely affiliated with several loyalist paramilitary groups.
the lee brothers made use of magical swords which contained special powers and added ridiculous-looking dragon masks to the brothers' outfit.	the lee brothers made use of magical swords which contained special powers and added dragon masks to the brothers' outfit.
the walls display intricate carvings which foretell the fascinating history of the chozo on tallon iv and their peril concerning the arrival of that meteor.	the walls display intricate carvings which foretell the history of the chozo on tallon iv and their peril concerning the arrival of that meteor.
she is one of only four women (the others are steffi graf, martina navratilova, and chris evert) since 1975 who has been the year-end world no.	she is one of four women (the others are steffi graf, martina navratilova, and chris evert) since 1975 who has been the year-end world no.
freedom house claims that education, housing, and social services of the arab population is inferior in relation to the jewish population.	freedom house states that education, housing, and social services of the arab population is inferior in relation to the jewish population.
the book uses postmodern techniquesmost strikingly in its depiction of races as different kinds of animals: jews as mice, germans as cats, and non-jewish poles as pigs.	the book uses postmodern techniquesmost strikingly in its depiction of ethnic group s as different kinds of animals: jews as mice, germans as cats, and non-jewish poles as pigs.
in 1996 laurie's first novel the gun seller, a hilarious spoof of the thriller genre, was published and became a best seller.	in 1996 laurie's first novel the gun seller, a spoof of the thriller genre, was published and became a best seller.
gorgeous hawk photos taken on the central coast of california.	hawk photos taken on the central coast of california.
sulfuric acid is also the principal ingredient in some drain cleaners, used to clear blockages consisting of paper, rags, and other materials not easily dissolved by traditional caustic solutions.	sulfuric acid is also the principal ingredient in some drain cleaners, used to clear blockages consisting of paper, rags, and other materials not easily dissolved by caustic solutions.
ngo monitor argues that soros is part of the movement to delegitimize israel, claiming: the evidence demonstrates that open society funding contributes significantly to anti-israel campaigns in three important respects: 1. active in the durban strategy; 2. funding aimed at weakening u.s.support for israel by shifting public opinion regarding the israeli-palestinian conflict and iran; 3. funding for israeli political opposition groups on the fringes of israeli society, which use the rhetoric of human rights to advocate for marginal political goals.	ngo monitor , an ngo based in jerusalem that analyzes activities of the international ngo community from a pro-israel perspective, has claimed that soros is part of the movement to delegitimize israel, claiming: the evidence demonstrates that open society funding contributes significantly to anti-israel campaigns in three important respects: 1. active in the durban strategy; 2. funding aimed at weakening u.s.support for israel by shifting public opinion regarding the israeli-palestinian conflict and iran; 3. funding for israeli political opposition groups on the fringes of israeli society, which use the rhetoric of human rights to advocate for marginal political goals.
in an act approved july 14 1870, the united states congress granted mrs. lincoln a life pension in the amount of $3,000 a year, by an insultingly low margin.	in an act approved july 14 1870, the united states congress granted mrs. lincoln a life pension in the amount of $3,000 a year, by an low margin.
hanpu (r. 941-960), later wanyan hanpu, was a pure jurchen leader.	hanpu (r. 941-960), later wanyan hanpu, was a jurchen leader.
the shooting was followed by a mass shooting at the pulse nightclub four miles away in orlando the following night, but it is not presently known if there is any connection between the events .	the shooting was followed by a mass shooting at the pulse nightclub four miles away in orlando the following night, but it is not presently known if there is any connection between the crimes .
the following list of juggalo gang subsets is relative to the growing size of juggalo gang culture and juggalo gangs - in relation to the music subculture of the same name.	the following list of juggalo gang subsets is relative to the size of juggalo gang culture and juggalo gangs - in relation to the music subculture of the same name.
the graubnden are known for a lovely dried-beef delicacy called bndnerfleisch and for a nut and honey pie known as bndner nusstorte.	the graubnden are known for a dried-beef delicacy called bndnerfleisch and for a nut and honey pie known as bndner nusstorte.
the republic of crimea (; , respublika krym; crimean tatar: , qrm cumhuriyeti; , respublika krym) is a federal subject of the russian federation.	the republic of crimea (; , respublika krym; crimean tatar: , qrm cumhuriyeti; , respublika krym) is an internationally disputed federal subject of the russian federation.
ukip's membership numbers rapidly increased from 2002 to 2004, the year of a european parliament election, before hovering around the 16,000 mark during the late 2000s.	ukip's membership numbers increased from 2002 to 2004, the year of a european parliament election, before hovering around the 16,000 mark during the late 2000s.
in germany, the heute-show has aired on zdf since 2009. the name is derived from famous zdf news program heute.	in germany, the heute-show has aired on zdf since 2009. the name is derived from the main zdf news program heute.
in over 40 years, he inspired about 5,000 young men and women to become rabbis and rebbitzins (a name for a rabbi's wife) as his personal emissaries all over the world, with the goal of exposing and attracting non-religious jews towards authentic judaism, as well as opening schools, mikvehs, synagogues, yeshivahs, etc.	in over 40 years, he inspired about 5,000 young men and women to become rabbis and rebbitzins (a name for a rabbi's wife) as his personal emissaries all over the world, with the goal of exposing and attracting non-religious jews towards judaism, as well as opening schools, mikvehs, synagogues, yeshivahs, etc.
leet can be defined as the corruption or modification of written text.	leet can be defined as the perturberence or modification of written text.
tom mcgee, popular evening anchor (1984-1993 and 2000-2003)	tom mcgee, evening anchor (1984-1993 and 2000-2003)
it currently has only one councillor in local government, and participated in the 2010 general election as part of the trade unionist and socialist coalition.	it currently has one councillor in local government, and participated in the 2010 general election as part of the trade unionist and socialist coalition.
karabakh is a region in azerbaijan, extending from the highlands of the lesser caucasus down to lowlands between the two rivers of kura and aras, part of which is occupied by armenian forces since 1994. the highland part of the region became known as nagorno-karabakh after the establishment of the nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast in 1923.	karabakh is a region in azerbaijan, extending from the highlands of the lesser caucasus down to lowlands between the two rivers of kura and aras, part of which is controlled by armenian forces since 1994. the highland part of the region became known as nagorno-karabakh after the establishment of the nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast in 1923.
though religion has components that have no counterpart in science, there are scholars such as michael polanyi who have convincingly argued that both involve a moral commitment.	though religion has components that have no counterpart in science, there are scholars such as michael polanyi who have argued that both involve a moral commitment.
2011 was tramulcuis year with financial bombs at the u.s. box office with the warrior's way, season of the which, take me home tonight, judy moody and the not bummer summer, shark night 3d and machine gun preacher as well as some of there co-financed films and with executives peter adee, geoffrey ammer, steve hutensky, michael joe, bill sutman, brian edwards and joe matukewicz all exiting the studio.	2011 was a terrible year with financial bombs at the u.s. box office with the warrior's way, season of the which, take me home tonight, judy moody and the not bummer summer, shark night 3d and machine gun preacher as well as some of there co-financed films and with executives peter adee, geoffrey ammer, steve hutensky, michael joe, bill sutman, brian edwards and joe matukewicz all exiting the studio.
i comme icare (english title: i as in icarus), a 1979 movie by henri verneuil starring yves montand, contains a key scene where milgram's experiment on obedience to authority is brilliantly explained and shown.	i comme icare (english title: i as in icarus), a 1979 movie by henri verneuil starring yves montand, contains a key scene where milgram's experiment on obedience to authority is thoroughly explained and shown.
"upan 1879 political cartoon titled ""our rulers"", published in melbourne punch, depicts kelly, radical premier graham berry, and a personification of the age dancing around the flag of communism."	"upan 1879 political cartoon titled ""our rulers"", published in melbourne punch, depicts kelly, premier graham berry, and a personification of the age dancing around the flag of communism."
set in a post-apocalyptic future, armored core 3 depicts a world where mankind has begun to live underneath the earth's surface after a catastrophic global nuclear war broke out on the surface.	set in a post-apocalyptic future, armored core 3 depicts a world where humanity has begun to live underneath the earth's surface after a catastrophic global nuclear war broke out on the surface.
"during a berkeley protest on august 27, an estimated hundred antifa protesters infiltrated a crowd of 2,0004,000 counter-protesters to attack the ""handful"" of alt-right demonstrators who showed up for a ""say no to marxism"" rally that had been cancelled by organizers due to security concerns."	"during a berkeley protest on august 27, an estimated hundred antifa protesters joined a crowd of 2,0004,000 counter-protesters to attack the ""handful"" of alt-right demonstrators who showed up for a ""say no to marxism"" rally that had been cancelled by organizers due to security concerns."
"the international confederation of associations for pluralism in economics (icape) has prudently avoided defining its umbrella too specifically, choosing instead to define its mission as ""promoting pluralism in economics."""	"the international confederation of associations for pluralism in economics (icape) has avoided defining its umbrella too specifically, choosing instead to define its mission as ""promoting pluralism in economics."""
"maken x is a unique game for the sega dreamcast console that fits into an extremely small sub-genre of ""first-person slashers""."	"maken x is a game for the sega dreamcast console that fits into an extremely small sub-genre of ""first-person slashers""."
although williams has some successes as u.s. attorney general, he was not a reformer, and the extent of his involvement in his wife's acceptance of $30,000 extortion payment is unknown, since he resigned office before a formal congressional investigation could occur.	although williams has some successes as u.s. attorney general, he was not a reformer, and the extent of potential involvement in his wife's acceptance of $30,000 extortion payment is unknown, since he resigned office before a formal congressional investigation could occur.
there is substantial genetic, linguistic, cultural and social diversity between the various subgroups of the han, mainly due to thousands of years of immigration and assimilation of various regional ethnicities and tribes within china.	there is substantial genetic, linguistic, cultural and social diversity between the subgroups of the han, mainly due to thousands of years of immigration and assimilation of various regional ethnicities and tribes within china.
"in 2014, 2$ fabo released the modestly well-received we amongst u, which stereogum called their mixtape of the week and ""a hell of a good time."""	"in 2014, 2$ fabo released the well-received we amongst u, which stereogum called their mixtape of the week and ""a hell of a good time."""
it is therefore argued that these rights, although generally considered negative by right- libertarians and classical liberals, are in fact just as 'positive' or 'economic' in nature as 'positive' rights such as the right to an education.	it is therefore argued that these rights, although generally considered negative by libertarians and classical liberals, are in fact just as 'positive' or 'economic' in nature as 'positive' rights such as the right to an education.
the security hole was soon patched by debian and others, but the complete resolution procedure was cumbersome for users because it involved regenerating all affected keys, and it drew criticism to debian's practice of making arbitrary changes to software that can reduce quality compared to the original versions.	the security hole was soon patched by debian and others, but the complete resolution procedure was cumbersome for users because it involved regenerating all affected keys, and it drew criticism to debian's practice of making debian-specific changes to software that can reduce quality compared to the original versions.
taipei municipal song shan senior high school(; abbreviation sssh) is a prestigious taiwanese high school, located in the xinyi district, taipei.	taipei municipal song shan senior high school(; abbreviation sssh) is a taiwanese high school, located in the xinyi district, taipei.
quelling the people: the military suppression of the beijing democracy movement is a history book which investigates the infamous conflict between the chinese democracy movement in beijing, china and the communist-ruled chinese state's people's liberation army, culminating in the confrontation between the citizens of beijing and the people's liberation army at tiananmen square in june 1989.	quelling the people: the military suppression of the beijing democracy movement is a history book which investigates the conflict between the chinese democracy movement in beijing, china and the communist-ruled chinese state's people's liberation army, culminating in the confrontation between the citizens of beijing and the people's liberation army at tiananmen square in june 1989.
right-wing accusations of communist imperialism	accusations of communist imperialism
percy eugene foreman (june 21, 1902 – august 25, 1988) was a legendary criminal defense attorney from houston, texas.	percy eugene foreman (june 21, 1902 – august 25, 1988) was a criminal defense attorney from houston, texas.
while never having killed cattle on a scale comparable to other dreaded livestock diseases, such as foot and mouth and rinderpest, bse has attracted wide attention because it seems possible to transmit the disease to humans; it is thought to be the cause of variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease (vcjd), sometimes called new variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease (nvcjd), a human brain-wasting disease.	while never having killed cattle on a scale comparable to other livestock diseases, such as foot and mouth and rinderpest, bse has attracted wide attention because it seems possible to transmit the disease to humans; it is thought to be the cause of variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease (vcjd), sometimes called new variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease (nvcjd), a human brain-wasting disease.
the singer's bulimia as well as her drug and alcohol problems became regular tabloid fodder in 2007.	the singer's bulimia as well as her drug and alcohol problems became regular tabloid news in 2007.
he was extraordinarily inventive in his methods and technique.	he was inventive in his methods and technique.
it enables one to search all of one's outlook e-mails using google desktop's index, rather than using outlook's inefficient search functions.	it enables one to search all of one's outlook e-mails using google desktop's index, rather than using outlook's search functions.
at the end of the twelfth century, ibn jami, personal physician to the great muslim leader saladin, wrote a treatise on the lemon, after which it is mentioned with greater frequency in the mediterranean.	at the end of the twelfth century, ibn jami, personal physician to the muslim leader saladin, wrote a treatise on the lemon, after which it is mentioned with greater frequency in the mediterranean.
it was hailed a new york times critics pick upon its release.	it was reviewed as a new york times critics pick upon its release.
abgar viii of edessa, also known as abgar the great, was a syriac king of osroene.	abgar viii of edessa, also known as abgar the great, was a aramaean king of osroene.
labinot harbuzi (born april 4, 1986 in allhelgona) is a swedish footballer of kosovar heritage.	labinot harbuzi (born april 4, 1986 in allhelgona) is a swedish footballer of kosovo albanian heritage.
the fruits are also commonly used to make jam, jelly, and chutney, and are delicious poached in light syrup.	the fruits are also commonly used to make jam, jelly, and chutney, and are often served poached in light syrup.
in 2008, 5% of local united way groups donated $1.9 million to planned parenthood, which provides many family planning services like pregnancy counseling, birth control, men's and women's sexual health, std testing, sex and gender counseling, and even abortions.	in 2008, 5% of local united way groups donated $1.9 million to planned parenthood, which provides many family planning services like pregnancy counseling, birth control, men's and women's sexual health, std testing, sex and gender counseling, and abortions.
a tragic car crash in october 2002 left his jaw fractured in three places.	a car crash in october 2002 left his jaw fractured in three places.
in the same message, radu claims he never reads wikipedia.	in the same message, radu states he never reads wikipedia.
he finished his spectacular career with 79 tackles, 13 sacks, nine passes defensed and three forced fumbles.	he finished his career with 79 tackles, 13 sacks, nine passes defensed and three forced fumbles.
"on september 2, 1975, after the liberation of saigon, the currency in south vietnam was changed to the ""liberation đồng""."	"on september 2, 1975, after the fall of saigon, the currency in south vietnam was changed to the ""liberation đồng""."
this article is about communism as a form of society and as a popular movement.	this article is about communism as a form of society and as a movement.
"the notes carried a sentence in capital letters and in different colours, originating from the popular manga series, death note: ""watashi wa kira dess"", a misspelling of ."	"the notes carried a sentence in capital letters and in different colours, originating from the manga series, death note: ""watashi wa kira dess"", a misspelling of ."
besides its twelfth- to fifteenth-century chteau, the picturesque town conserves its thirteenth-century church, ntre-dame-des-pommiers, its renaissance htel de ville, its palais de justice, and the tour argentire that collected the mines' produce for guarded transport.	besides its twelfth- to fifteenth-century chteau, the town conserves its thirteenth-century church, ntre-dame-des-pommiers, its renaissance htel de ville, its palais de justice, and the tour argentire that collected the mines' produce for guarded transport.
it serves the pretty village of amberley, about half a mile away.	it serves the village of amberley, about half a mile away.
nazarene (sect) - the non-ebionite b'nai-amen heresy of whom epiphanius of salamis and other patristic authors wrote.	nazarene (sect) - the non-ebionite b'nai-amen movement of whom epiphanius of salamis and other patristic authors wrote.
"it uses explanations of qur'an and hadiths from the companions of prophet muhammad and the scholars who were upon their way throughout the ages, such as ibn abd al-wahhab, from such books as kitab al-tawhid (arabic, ""book of monotheism""), and works of scholars before him such as ibn taymiyya (who has a thirty volume treatise on legal verdicts) (1263–1328)."	"it uses explanations of qur'an and hadiths from the companions of muhammad and the scholars who were upon their way throughout the ages, such as ibn abd al-wahhab, from such books as kitab al-tawhid (arabic, ""book of monotheism""), and works of scholars before him such as ibn taymiyya (who has a thirty volume treatise on legal verdicts) (1263–1328)."
"tabby is donald's cat and he appeared for the first time in the classic story ""the health nut"" by dick kinney and al hubbard, where fethry duck also made his first appearance in comics."	"tabby is donald's cat and he appeared for the first time in the story ""the health nut"" by dick kinney and al hubbard, where fethry duck also made his first appearance in comics."
in john steinbeck's classic 1939 novel the grapes of wrath, the character ma joad refers several times to pretty boy floyd as a young man driven to a tragic fate by the great depression.	in john steinbeck's 1939 novel the grapes of wrath, the character ma joad refers several times to pretty boy floyd as a young man driven to a tragic fate by the great depression.
the mitchell family is a fictional family in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	the mitchell family is a fictional family in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
much of chamberlain's theory about the superiority of the aryan race was taken from the writings of the french racist arthur de gobineau, but there was a crucial difference in that gobineau had used the aryan race theory as a way of dividing society between an aryan nobility vs. racially inferior commoners whereas chamberlain used the aryan racial theory as a way of uniting society around its supposed common racial origins.	much of chamberlain's theory about the superiority of the aryan race was taken from the writings of the french aristocrat arthur de gobineau, but there was a crucial difference in that gobineau had used the aryan race theory as a way of dividing society between an aryan nobility vs. racially inferior commoners whereas chamberlain used the aryan racial theory as a way of uniting society around its supposed common racial origins.
a home -grown variety of naga jolokia, called dorset naga pepper is cultivated in west bexington, dorset, england.	a british -grown variety of naga jolokia, called dorset naga pepper is cultivated in west bexington, dorset, england.
he holds a prestigious canada research chair in internet and e-commerce law at the university of ottawa.	he holds a canada research chair in internet and e-commerce law at the university of ottawa.
at present, freeway expansion has largely stalled in the united states, due to a multitude of factors that converged in the 1970s: higher due process requirements prior to taking of private property, increasing land values, increasing costs for construction materials, local opposition to new freeways in urban cores, the passage of the national environmental policy act (which imposed the onerous requirement that each new project must have an environmental impact statement or report), and falling gas tax revenues as a result of better fuel mileage and the tax revolt movement.	at present, freeway expansion has largely stalled in the united states, due to a multitude of factors that converged in the 1970s: higher due process requirements prior to taking of private property, increasing land values, increasing costs for construction materials, local opposition to new freeways in urban cores, the passage of the national environmental policy act (which imposed the requirement that each new project must have an environmental impact statement or report), and falling gas tax revenues as a result of better fuel mileage and the tax revolt movement.
wilde's tomb, sculpted by sir jacob epstein, in le pre lachaise cemetery in parisprison was unkind to wilde's health and when he was released on may 19, 1897 he spent his last three years penniless, in self- inflicted exile from society and artistic circles.	wilde's tomb, sculpted by sir jacob epstein, in le pre lachaise cemetery in parisprison was unkind to wilde's health and when he was released on may 19, 1897 he spent his last three years penniless, in self- imposed exile from society and artistic circles.
terri psiakis is an australian comedienne and a presenter on radio and television.	terri psiakis is an australian comedian and a presenter on radio and television.
the manga's extreme violence and excellent story line made it an instant hit.	the manga's extreme violence and complex story line made it an instant hit.
southern military district was enlarged to include occupied territories:	southern military district was enlarged to include disputed territories:
"for her performance as deedee, ricci won enormous acclaim and was nominated for a golden globe and attained the unofficial title of the sundance film festival's 1998 ""it"" girl."	"for her performance as deedee, ricci won acclaim and was nominated for a golden globe and attained the unofficial title of the sundance film festival's 1998 ""it"" girl."
it creates lake oahe, the fourth largest man-made reservoir in the united states, which stretches up the course of the missouri to bismarck, north dakota.	it creates lake oahe, the fourth largest artificial reservoir in the united states, which stretches up the course of the missouri to bismarck, north dakota.
in the subsequent parliamentary election held in may and june, the lf formed part of the rafik hariri martyr list (lf, future movement, popular socialist party, the reformed phalanges, and other political parties), tactically allied with the powerful (hizbollah and amal) against general aoun's free patriotic movement and his pro-syrian allies and subsequently gained a majority in the lebanese parliament based on a controversial election law which was written by the syrians to control lebanon.	in the subsequent parliamentary election held in may and june, the lf formed part of the rafik hariri martyr list (lf, future movement, popular socialist party, the reformed phalanges, and other political parties), tactically allied with the powerful (hizbollah and amal) against general aoun's free patriotic movement and his allies and subsequently gained a majority in the lebanese parliament based on a controversial election law which was written by the syrians to control lebanon.
during hideyoshi's invasions of 1592-96 and 1597-8, the japanese used their pirates to help them in naval battles and transport, but were easily defeated by korean admiral yi sun shin's relatively small number of armored ships and turtle ships.	during hideyoshi's invasions of 1592-96 and 1597-8, the japanese used their pirates to help them in naval battles and transport, but were defeated by korean admiral yi sun shin's relatively small number of armored ships and turtle ships.
these reports were generally given national prominence in the us media, and us president george w. bush issued a strong statement condemning the incidents.	these reports were generally given national prominence in the us media, and us president george w. bush issued a statement condemning the incidents.
the practice unfortunately ended around 1991.	the practice ended around 1991.
true independent fundamental baptist churches use only the king james bible.	most independent fundamental baptist churches use only the king james bible.
the second amendment (amendment ii) to the united states constitution is the part of the united states bill of rights that protects the right of the people to keep and bear arms.	the second amendment (amendment ii) to the united states constitution is the part of the united states bill of rights that regards the right of the people to keep and bear arms.
fritchey was first elected to the illinois house of representatives in 1996, when he was only 32. during his campaign he had support from both local elected officials as well as broad grassroots support, which led some political publications to call him the new face of chicago democrats.	fritchey was first elected to the illinois house of representatives in 1996, when he was 32. during his campaign he had support from both local elected officials as well as broad grassroots support, which led some political publications to call him the new face of chicago democrats.
also, the rows rise much more gradually than other north american arenas, which can cause terribly impaired sightlines, especially when sitting behind tall spectators or one of the concourses.	also, the rows rise much more gradually than other north american arenas, which can cause impaired sightlines, especially when sitting behind tall spectators or one of the concourses.
kelly has also guest-starred in a variety of television movies and sitcoms, including sanford and son, kojak, police woman, golden girls, good times, any day now and in the groundbreaking oprah winfrey-produced the women of brewster place (based on the novel by gloria naylor), in which she portrayed one half of a lesbian couple (opposite lonette mckee) struggling against homophobia in an inner city ghetto.	kelly has also guest-starred in a variety of television movies and sitcoms, including sanford and son, kojak, police woman, golden girls, good times, any day now and in the oprah winfrey-produced the women of brewster place (based on the novel by gloria naylor), in which she portrayed one half of a lesbian couple (opposite lonette mckee) struggling against homophobia in an inner city ghetto.
the travelling reporters for this year were comedienne klara zimmergren and artist daniel adams-ray, who visited ethiopia.	the travelling reporters for this year were comedian klara zimmergren and artist daniel adams-ray, who visited ethiopia.
cartoons by great painters such as raphael and leonardo da vinci are highly prized in their own right.	cartoons by painters such as raphael and leonardo da vinci are highly prized in their own right.
kenneth chung was a premier student of the late leung sheung .	kenneth chung was a top student of the late leung sheung.
"citizendium has a ""professionalism"" policy for editors, which larry sanger claims is different from most online communities."	"citizendium has a ""professionalism"" policy for editors, which larry sanger said is different from most online communities."
"a may 22, 2006 poll conducted by conservative fox news asked if it would be ""right"" or ""wrong"" for democrats to impeach bush over the iraq war and weapons of mass destruction came back with 30% of the respondents saying it would be ""right"" and 62% saying it would be ""wrong"" to impeach bush that way."	"a may 22, 2006 poll conducted by fox news asked if it would be ""right"" or ""wrong"" for democrats to impeach bush over the iraq war and weapons of mass destruction came back with 30% of the respondents saying it would be ""right"" and 62% saying it would be ""wrong"" to impeach bush that way."
the hilton head international piano competition is a prestigious piano competition held annually since 1996 at hilton head island, south carolina's first presbyterian church.	the hilton head international piano competition is a piano competition held annually since 1996 at hilton head island, south carolina's first presbyterian church.
st. john's high school is an elite school in chandigarh, india.	st. john's high school is an school in chandigarh, india.
carol channing (born 1921), american singer, actress and comedienne	carol channing (born 1921), american singer, actress and comedian
there are no instances known of casualties caused by mines laid by chechen insurgents on russian territory since al-walid released this statement.	there are no instances known of casualties caused by mines laid by chechen fighters on russian territory since al-walid released this statement.
following chief u.s. district judge vaughn walker's ruling overturning california's same-sex marriage ban in 2010, sending the landmark case to the us supreme court, savecalifornia.com reacted with a statement:	following chief u.s. district judge vaughn walker's ruling overturning california's same-sex marriage ban in 2010, sending the case to the us supreme court, savecalifornia.com reacted with a statement:
in county armagh, where the population was fairly evenly divided between the sects, had for years been the sight of intermittent faction fighting between terrorist peep-of-day boys and catholic defenders.	in county armagh, where the population was fairly evenly divided between the sects, had for years been the sight of intermittent faction fighting between peep-of-day boys and catholic defenders.
john roache's site has excellent midi performances of ragtime music by joplin and others	john roache's site has midi performances of ragtime music by joplin and others
suddenly this unexpected family reunion extends uncomfortably as she hangs on and they find themselves trapped together for two weeks, forced to face her passing and also their connection with each other.	suddenly this unexpected family reunion extends uncomfortably as she hangs on and they find themselves trapped together for two weeks, forced to face her death and also their connection with each other.
the concept has since been discussed by leading feminist academics such as criminologist jody miller and lawyer catharine mackinnon.	the concept has since been discussed by feminist academics such as criminologist jody miller and lawyer catharine mackinnon.
"born in cannock, staffordshire, england on august 21, 1952, glenn hughes, also known as ""the voice of rock"", is a bassist and vocalist who fronted finders keepers in the 1960s, the british funk rock band, trapeze, he was the lead vocalist for black sabbath in the mid 1980s and he joined forces alongside david coverdale in the legendary mk."	"born in cannock, staffordshire, england on august 21, 1952, glenn hughes, also known as ""the voice of rock"", is a bassist and vocalist who fronted finders keepers in the 1960s, the british funk rock band, trapeze, he was the lead vocalist for black sabbath in the mid 1980s and he joined forces alongside david coverdale in the mk."
fell's opponents have published the papers of amateurs like oppenheimer, wirtz , and w. hunter lesser all, like fell, lacking formal expertise in ancient languages or scripts.	fell's critics have published the papers of amateurs like oppenheimer, wirtz , and w. hunter lesser all, like fell, lacking formal expertise in ancient languages or scripts.
opponents of solitary confinement claim that it is a form of cruel and unusual punishment because the lack of human contact (and the sensory deprivation that often go with solitary confinement) has a severe negative impact on a prisoner's mental state that may lead to certain mental illnesses such as depression or an existential crisis.	opponents of solitary confinement claim that it is a form of cruel and unusual punishment because the lack of human contact (and the sensory deprivation that often go with solitary confinement) can have a severe negative impact on a prisoner's mental state that may lead to certain mental illnesses such as depression or an existential crisis.
for stolen history prior to 2003-2004, see wimbledon f.c.	for history prior to 2003-2004, see wimbledon f.c.
it also overlooks the fact that though the lahore group is smaller it has compelling arguments to support its interpretation of the founder's message.	it also overlooks the fact that though the lahore group is smaller it claims to have compelling arguments to support its interpretation of the founder's message.
"he is an internet celebrity mainly known for his popularity on myspace as well as from his transgressive, genderfuck and gender-bending appearance and persona while calling himself ""queen of the internet"" and ""cunt: queen of the beautifuls""."	"he is an internet celebrity known for his popularity on myspace as well as from his transgressive, genderfuck and gender-bending appearance and persona while calling himself ""queen of the internet"" and ""cunt: queen of the beautifuls""."
besides her older sister franoise dorlac, who was tragically killed in a car accident in 1967, she also has sisters danielle and sylvie.	besides her older sister franoise dorlac, who was killed in a car accident in 1967, she also has sisters danielle and sylvie.
various ethnic groups and their respective kingdoms, including the sushen, xianbei, buyeo , mohe, goguryeo, balhae, khitan, and jurchens, have risen to power in manchuria.	various ethnic groups and their respective kingdoms, including the sushen, xianbei, fuyu , mohe, goguryeo, balhae, khitan, and jurchens, have risen to power in manchuria.
many local score chapters hold free or low-cost in-person workshops covering myriad topics (e.g., simple steps to starting your business, owning and operating a franchise in miami, how to start a restaurant and food truck business, etc.).	many local score chapters hold free or low-cost in-person workshops covering a variety of topics (e.g., simple steps to starting your business, owning and operating a franchise in miami, how to start a restaurant and food truck business, etc.).
"his notorious column of opinion and entertainment, ""the mothers and fathers italian association,"" currently appears in cemetery dance magazine."	"his column of opinion and entertainment, ""the mothers and fathers italian association,"" currently appears in cemetery dance magazine."
rather than a body of dogma, he emphasizes a direct experience of transcendence that he claims is accessible through the meditation techniques he teaches.	rather than a body of dogma, he emphasizes a direct experience of transcendence that he says is accessible through the meditation techniques he teaches.
and those following their religious beliefs.	and those who are more conservative with their religious beliefs.
paul robin krugman , born february 28, 1953, is a prominent american intellectual , economist, columnist, and author.	paul robin krugman , born february 28, 1953, is a prominent american, economist, columnist, and author.
however, the team endured continued frustration over coming up short in the playoffs, especially against the incredible pittsburgh steelers.	however, the team endured continued frustration over coming up short in the playoffs, especially against the pittsburgh steelers.
several u.s. states, like california, that previously had this arrangement eventually recognized that it violates the principle of separation of powers (because the county clerk is a member of the executive branch), abolished it, and in its place authorized each state trial court to appoint its own court clerk.	several u.s. states, like california, that previously had this arrangement eventually determined that it violates the principle of separation of powers (because the county clerk is a member of the executive branch), abolished it, and in its place authorized each state trial court to appoint its own court clerk.
it is a gateway to the incredible olympic peninsula.	it is a gateway to the olympic peninsula.
these handsome dogs may be blue, sandy, or liver, and can be solid colours or have tan markings.	these dogs may be blue, sandy, or liver, and can be solid colours or have tan markings.
"the waitresses use diner lingo to call in orders, and the menu suggests the use of the same lingo when placing orders for hashed brown potatoes: ""scattered"" (spread on the grill), ""smothered"" (with onions), ""covered"" (with cheese), ""chunked"" (with diced ham), ""diced"" (with diced tomatoes), ""peppered"" (with jalapeo peppers), ""capped"" (with mushrooms), ""topped"" (with chili) and ""all the way"" (with all available toppings)."	"the servers use diner lingo to call in orders, and the menu suggests the use of the same lingo when placing orders for hashed brown potatoes: ""scattered"" (spread on the grill), ""smothered"" (with onions), ""covered"" (with cheese), ""chunked"" (with diced ham), ""diced"" (with diced tomatoes), ""peppered"" (with jalapeo peppers), ""capped"" (with mushrooms), ""topped"" (with chili) and ""all the way"" (with all available toppings)."
in the power vacuum created by the fall of the soviet republic and the romanian occupation, the far-right conservative forces of istvn bethlen and mikls horthy gradually took control of western hungary (which was outside the romanian occupation zone).	in the power vacuum created by the fall of the soviet republic and the romanian occupation, the conservative forces of istvn bethlen and mikls horthy gradually took control of western hungary (which was outside the romanian occupation zone).
mccorvey now admits that she was lying, although at one point she went so far as to give a detailed account of her rape.	mccorvey now says that she was lying, although at one point she went so far as to give a detailed account of her rape.
the use of a plutonium rtg battery was opposed by about 30 anti-nuclear protesters in minor demonstrations some days before launch.	the use of a plutonium rtg battery was opposed by about 30 anti-nuclear protesters in demonstrations some days before launch.
during the seven years' war portugal and britain were fierce allies.	during the seven years' war portugal and britain were allies.
the kingdom prevents saudi women from marrying expatriate men who test positive for drugs (including alcohol), incurable std's or genetic diseases, but does not protect saudi men from marrying expatriate women with such problems.	the kingdom prevents saudi women from marrying expatriate men who test positive for drugs (including alcohol), incurable std's or genetic diseases, but does not stop saudi men from marrying expatriate women with such problems.
spectacular aerial photography of the stricken ocean liner capsizing and sinking won a pulitzer prize in 1957 for harry a. trask of the boston traveler newspaper.	aerial photography of the stricken ocean liner capsizing and sinking won a pulitzer prize in 1957 for harry a. trask of the boston traveler newspaper.
louis haefliger courageously prevented the forceful eviction or blasting of mauthausen-gusen by alerting american troops, thereby saving the lives of about 60,000 inmates.	louis haefliger prevented the forceful eviction or blasting of mauthausen-gusen by alerting american troops, thereby saving the lives of about 60,000 inmates.
joint navy seals and cia operations go back to the famed macv-sog during the vietnam war.	joint navy seals and cia operations go back to the macv-sog during the vietnam war.
in many ways the show can be seen as an (unsuccessful) attempt at creating an all-female version of the brilliant alternative sitcom the young ones, two series of which had appeared in 1982 and 1984. dawn french and jennifer saunders had both made cameo appearances in this earlier show and, like most of its stars, were members of the comic strip group.	in many ways the show can be seen as an (unsuccessful) attempt at creating an all-female version of the alternative sitcom the young ones, two series of which had appeared in 1982 and 1984. dawn french and jennifer saunders had both made cameo appearances in this earlier show and, like most of its stars, were members of the comic strip group.
erdo was working early 2010 on a plan to dump european nuclear waste somewhere in eastern europe.	erdo was working early 2010 on a plan to store european nuclear waste somewhere in eastern europe.
"beckjord believes they could be ""birds of a feather""."	"beckjord believes he and bigfoot could be ""birds of a feather""."
egg foo yung has chinese origins, by means of the traditional fu yung egg slices, a spectacular dish from the city of shanghai.	egg foo yung has chinese origins, by means of the traditional fu yung egg slices, a dish from the city of shanghai.
"an unorganized machine is a concept mentioned in a far-sighted 1948 report in which alan turing suggested that the infant human cortex was what he called an ""unorganised machine""."	"an unorganized machine is a concept mentioned in a 1948 report in which alan turing suggested that the infant human cortex was what he called an ""unorganised machine""."
one included genus, agelena, includes some fascinating semi-social spiders that live in complex communal webs in africa.	one included genus, agelena, includes some semi-social spiders that live in complex communal webs in africa.
the northern style was practiced in kerala primarily by the nairs and yatra brahmins, as well as the small chekavar subcaste of the thiyya s, some muslims and christians.	the northern style was practiced in kerala primarily by the nairs and yatra brahmins, as well as the small chekavar subcaste of the ezhava s, some muslims and christians.
the game received widespread positive reviews, particularly for its narrative, character and world designs, and batman's combat and navigation abilities.	the game received predominantly positive reviews, particularly for its narrative, character and world designs, and batman's combat and navigation abilities.
cheung is a graduate of royal west academy, a prestigious boys' roman catholic government school in montreal.	cheung is a graduate of royal west academy, a boys' roman catholic government school in montreal.
to this end, the institute seeks to recover a limited and accountable government that respects private property, promotes stable family life, and maintains a strong national defense.	to this end, the institute seeks to establish a limited and accountable government that respects private property, promotes stable family life, and maintains a strong national defense.
as alluded to above, under the monopoly scheme the government takes over the wholesale trade and conducts the retail sale of heavier alcoholic beverages through its own stores.	as alluded to above, under the monopoly plan the government takes over the wholesale trade and conducts the retail sale of heavier alcoholic beverages through its own stores.
it is sometimes considered a subgenre of metal, but this is a misnomer, as it is often a highly commercialized form of hard rock and sometimes alternative rock.	it is sometimes considered a subgenre of metal, but this is a misnomer, as it is often a commercialized form of hard rock and sometimes alternative rock.
pact with the devil slur	pact with the devil allegation
however, the international court of justice was unable to find sufficient evidence linking them as agents of serbia.	however, the international court of justice was unable to find evidence linking them as agents of serbia.
is a popular quiz show featuring trivia in topics such as history, literature, pop culture, and science.	is a quiz show featuring trivia in topics such as history, literature, pop culture, and science.
the renminbi was first issued shortly before the takeover of the mainland by the communists in 1949. one of the first tasks of the new communist government was to end the hyperinflation that had plagued china near the end of the kuomintang era.	the renminbi was first issued shortly before the takeover of the mainland by the communist party in 1949. one of the first tasks of the new communist government was to end the hyperinflation that had plagued china near the end of the kuomintang era.
the armstrongs and fine served jail time, a combined total of only 12 years, and were subsequently paroled.	the armstrongs and fine served jail time, a combined total of 12 years, and were subsequently paroled.
paul trueman is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gary beadle.	paul trueman is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gary beadle.
the anti-gay bigot rev.	the anti-gay rev.
culturally, the northeast is much different from the rest of the united states.	culturally, the northeast is somewhat different from the rest of the united states.
"rabbi yisroel dov ber odesser (1888 – 23 october 1994), also known as reb odesser or sabba (""grandfather"" in hebrew), was a controversial figure in the breslov movement."	"rabbi yisroel dov ber odesser (1888 – 23 october 1994), also known as reb odesser or sabba (""grandfather"" in hebrew), was a major figure in the breslov movement."
as the invasion of iraq loomed, it was reported in the guardian on february 2003 that he had been placed under house arrest by saddam hussein, in an extraordinary move that was apparently designed to prevent a coup.	as the invasion of iraq loomed, it was reported in the guardian on february 2003 that he had been placed under house arrest by saddam hussein, in an move that was apparently designed to prevent a coup.
is the lovable main character of nintendo's kirby video game series created by masahiro sakurai and developed by hal laboratory.	is the main character of nintendo's kirby video game series created by masahiro sakurai and developed by hal laboratory.
the tourist venues of pickering parish church, with its brilliant medieval wall paintings,pickering castle, the north yorkshire moors railway and beck isle museum have made pickering popular with visitors.	the tourist venues of pickering parish church, with its medieval wall paintings, pickering castle, the north yorkshire moors railway and beck isle museum have made pickering popular with visitors.
"some argue that without operation tempest and the warsaw uprising, poland would have ended as a soviet republic, a fate definitely worse than that of an ""independent"" puppet state, and thus the operation succeeded at least partially in being a political demonstration to the soviets and western allies."	"some argue that without operation tempest and the warsaw uprising, poland would have ended as a soviet republic, a fate polish nationalists would certainly have considered worse than that of an ""independent"" puppet state, and thus the operation succeeded at least partially in being a political demonstration to the soviets and western allies."
though the colonial units sent to the north by franco consisted of the spanish foreign legion and the moroccan mercenaries known as regulares, the right-wing press portrayed the asturian rebels in xenophobic and anti-semitic terms as the lackeys of a foreign jewish-bolshevik conspiracy.	though the colonial units sent to the north by franco consisted of the spanish foreign legion and the moroccan colonial troops known as regulares, the right-wing press portrayed the asturian rebels in xenophobic and anti-semitic terms as the lackeys of a foreign jewish-bolshevik conspiracy.
betty garrett (19192011), american actress, comedienne , singer, and dancer	betty garrett (19192011), american actress, comedian , singer, and dancer
the most famous peak oil petrogeologist is m. king hubbert, who successfully predicted in 1956 that oil production would peak in the united states between 1965 and 1970 .	the most famous peak oil petrogeologist is m. king hubbert, who predicted in 1956 that oil production would peak in the united states between 1965 and 1970 .
after steve cotterill had replaced former-england manager steve mcclaren, the club had only narrowly avoided relegation to league one and the uncertainty over the club's fortune had lead to star players like luke chambers and garath mccleary deciding to leave the club on a 'bosman' free transfer.	after steve cotterill had replaced former-england manager steve mcclaren, the club had only narrowly avoided relegation to league one and the uncertainty over the club's fortune had lead to players like luke chambers and garath mccleary deciding to leave the club on a 'bosman' free transfer.
during his personal time, flame initially wrote raps as devotionals to the lord .	during his personal time, flame initially wrote raps as devotionals to the christian god .
islamic republic of iran broadcasting, or irib, (, sed va sima-ye jomhr-ye eslm-ye rn, literally voice (or sound) and vision of the islamic republic of iran), formerly called the national iranian radio and television until the islamic revolution of 1979, is a giant iranian media corporation which hold the monopoly of domestic radio and television services in the islamic republic of iran, is also among the largest media organizations in asian and pacific region, and a regular member of asia-pacific broadcasting union.	islamic republic of iran broadcasting, or irib, (, sed va sima-ye jomhr-ye eslm-ye rn, literally voice (or sound) and vision of the islamic republic of iran), formerly called the national iranian radio and television until the islamic revolution of 1979, is a iranian media corporation which hold the monopoly of domestic radio and television services in the islamic republic of iran, is also among the largest media organizations in asian and pacific region, and a regular member of asia-pacific broadcasting union.
"in 1941, rko made a movie, the gay falcon, based on a 1940 short story, ""gay falcon,"" by michael arlen, rechristening arlen's gay stanhope falcon as gay lawrence aka the falcon."	"in 1941, rko made a movie, the gay falcon, based on a 1940 short story, ""gay falcon,"" by michael arlen, renaming arlen's gay stanhope falcon as gay lawrence aka the falcon."
"following the commercial disappointment of the previous bond single, ""the world is not enough"", mgm wanted a high-profile artist for the theme of die another day and madonna was their choice."	"following the commercial failure of the previous bond single, ""the world is not enough"", mgm wanted a high-profile artist for the theme of die another day and madonna was their choice."
neville met his wife, joel, in 1957. they were married on january 10, 1959 when both were just 18 years old.	neville met his wife, joel, in 1957. they were married on january 10, 1959 when both were 18 years old.
smudging has been misappropriated into a number of modern belief systems, including many forms of new age and eclectic neopagan spirituality.	smudging has been appropriated into a number of modern belief systems, including many forms of new age and eclectic neopagan spirituality.
francis albert sinatra (december 12, 1915 – may 14, 1998) was an iconic american jazz-oriented popular singer and academy award-winning actor.	francis albert sinatra (december 12, 1915 – may 14, 1998) was an american jazz-oriented popular singer and academy award-winning actor.
one speculation about the lincoln assassination holds that the dahlgren papers' discovery instigated the chain of events ending in john wilkes booth's murder of abraham lincoln the next year.	one theory about the lincoln assassination holds that the dahlgren papers' discovery instigated the chain of events ending in john wilkes booth's murder of abraham lincoln the next year.
urzaiz is best known for his physical strength and superb aerial ability.	urzaiz is best known for his physical strength and aerial ability.
as a mark of disgrace, the waffen-ss units involved in the battle were ordered to remove their treasured cuff titles.	as a mark of disgrace, the waffen-ss units involved in the battle were ordered to remove their distinctive cuff titles.
on 16 october 2009, members of the organisation protested against the visit to britain by dutch neo-nazi mp geert wilders.	on 16 october 2009, members of the organisation protested against the visit to britain by dutch mp geert wilders.
although aiken then released the ulster protestant civilians unharmed, the incident heightened local sectarian animosity.	although aiken then released the protestant civilians unharmed, the incident heightened local sectarian animosity.
japanese referee yuichi nishimura faced heavy criticism for his performance in the group a opening match between croatia and the host team brazil as many decisions favoured the host nation.	japanese referee yuichi nishimura faced heavy criticism for his performance in the group a opening match between croatia and the host team brazil as several decisions favoured the host nation.
"in one of them, sent less than three weeks before her killing, steenkamp told pistorius ""i'm scared of you sometimes, of how you snap at me"", and described him as ""nasty""."	"in one of them, sent less than three weeks before her killing, steenkamp told pistorius ""i'm scared of you sometimes, of how you snap at me"", and described his behaviour as ""nasty""."
zionism is largely based on strong historical ties and religious traditions linking the jewish people to the land of israel, where the concept of jewish nationhood first evolved somewhere between 1200 bce and the late second temple era (i.e.	zionism is largely based on the concept of historical ties and religious traditions linking the jewish people to the land of israel, where the concept of jewish nationhood first evolved somewhere between 1200 bce and the late second temple era (i.e.
sadly , kaiko was lost at sea on 29 march, 2003, after just more than 8 years of service, when one of the secondary cables snapped during an approaching typhoon.	unfortunately , kaiko was lost at sea on 29 march, 2003, after just more than 8 years of service, when one of the secondary cables snapped during an approaching typhoon.
this work that attempts to be a history or encyclopedia of the whole continent of south america.	this work attempts to be a history or encyclopedia of the whole continent of south america.
the club had little assets and very little finances, and the trust signed a punishing contract with brian kennedy to remain at edgeley park, which left the club with very little revenue streams.	the club had little assets and very little finances, and the trust signed a contract with brian kennedy to remain at edgeley park, which left the club with very little revenue streams.
"generous critics , mostly western, have called it ""arabian nights a la hollywood,"" noting how much it delights the pakistani, yet bemoaning the fact that such an work will now set an architectural standard."	"critics , mostly western, have called it ""arabian nights a la hollywood,"" noting how much it delights the pakistani, yet bemoaning the fact that such an work will now set an architectural standard."
the ibm 8000 series was an ill-fated transistor-based successor to the ibm 7000 series.	the ibm 8000 series was an proposed transistor-based successor to the ibm 7000 series.
a twitter account that german newspaper heise online suggested may have belonged to the author of the malware, used an image of goldeneye character boris grishenko, a russian hacker played by british actor alan cumming, as his/her avatar.	a twitter account that german newspaper heise online suggested may have belonged to the author of the malware, used an image of goldeneye character boris grishenko, a russian hacker played by british actor alan cumming, as its avatar.
the famous battle of montaperti between guelphs and ghibellines was fought nearby on 4 september 1260.	the battle of montaperti between guelphs and ghibellines was fought nearby on 4 september 1260.
since the six-day war in 1967, israel occupies golan heights to the southwest of the country; a dispute with turkey over the hatay province has subsided.	since the six-day war in 1967, israel administers golan heights to the southwest of the country; a dispute with turkey over the hatay province has subsided.
louise hay (1927- ) is the american bestselling author of several self help and new thought books, most known for her work in the field of healing affirmations.	louise hay (1927- ) is the american author of several self help and new thought books, most known for her work in the field of healing affirmations.
modern-day critics claim that religion lacks utility in human society, and assert that religion is irrational.	modern-day critics hold that religion lacks utility in human society, and assert that religion is irrational.
rumors abounded that the root cause was enigk's recent conversion to christianity.	rumors abounded that the root cause was enigk's sudden conversion to christianity.
record store day is an annual event, founded in 2007 and held on one special saturday every april, to celebrate the culture of the independently owned record store.	record store day is an annual event, founded in 2007 and held on one saturday every april, to celebrate the culture of the independently owned record store.
fall of vientiane	taking of vientiane
he also ran in several canadian federal elections as leader of the natural law party, which touted supernatural solutions to the problems of the nation.	he also ran in several canadian federal elections as leader of the natural law party, which proposed supernatural solutions to the problems of the nation.
the bureau of prohibition attempted to regulate alcohol during prohibition under the volstead act.	the bureau of prohibition to regulate alcohol during prohibition under the volstead act.
"instead, teams generally played more defensive and boring , called by some ""negative football"", which was reflective of the low average goals per game and high number of cards awarded."	"instead, teams generally played more defensive and cynical matches , called by some ""negative football"", which was reflective of the low average goals per game and high number of cards awarded."
in 2007 she co-hosted the very popular sunday night show pio poli tin kiriaki on mega channel.	in 2007 she co-hosted the popular sunday night show pio poli tin kiriaki on mega channel.
during actual play, however, the violinist chooses his pitches by ear, and only the four unstopped pitches of the strings are guaranteed to exhibit this 3:2 ratio.	during actual play, however, the violinist chooses pitches by ear, and only the four unstopped pitches of the strings are guaranteed to exhibit this 3:2 ratio.
michelle malkin (ne maglalang) (born october 20, 1970) is a socially and politically ultra- conservative american columnist, blogger, author and political commentator.	michelle malkin (ne maglalang) (born october 20, 1970) is a socially and politically conservative american columnist, blogger, author and political commentator.
"mariana ""had nothing to do with governance"" while her husband reigned, and her inexperience surely hindered her in her later regency."	"mariana ""had nothing to do with governance"" while her husband reigned, and her inexperience hindered her in her later regency."
the ad campaign is paid for by crc public relations, the group that which engineered the swift boat attack ads against against 2004 democratic presidential candidate john kerry.	the ad campaign is paid for by crc public relations, the group that which engineered the swift boat ads against against 2004 democratic presidential candidate john kerry.
under ottoman rule, the orthodox church acquired substantial power as an autonomous millet.	under ottoman rule, the orthodox church acquired power as an autonomous millet.
he was a close friend, son-in-law, and lieutenant to octavian and was responsible for the construction of some of the most beautiful buildings in the history of rome and for important military victories, most notably at the battle of actium against the forces of mark antony and cleopatra.	he was a close friend, son-in-law, and lieutenant to octavian and was responsible for the construction of some of the most notable buildings in the history of rome and for important military victories, most notably at the battle of actium against the forces of mark antony and cleopatra.
gungans (boomer grenades, fusion cutters) vs. super battle droids (wrist blasters, tri-shots, wrist rockets) —naboo( gungans )	gungans (boomer grenades, fusion cutters) vs. super battle droids (wrist blasters, tri-shots, wrist rockets) —naboo( super-battle droids )
the country adopted the euro in 2001 and successfuly organised the 2004 olympic games in athens.center|the exceptionally-received 2004 summer olympics opening ceremony was held on august 13.	the country adopted the euro in 2001 and successfuly organised the 2004 olympic games in athens.center|the widely praised 2004 summer olympics opening ceremony was held on august 13.
the principal sources of information regarding jesus life and teachings are the four canonical gospels.	the most broadly referenced sources of information regarding jesus life and teachings are the four canonical gospels.
the film contains several lovely scenes of new orleans landmarks including bourbon street, jackson square, and lake ponchartrain.	the film contains several scenes of new orleans landmarks including bourbon street, jackson square, and lake ponchartrain.
"immediately after their victory abu al-'abbas as-saffah sent his forces to north africa and central asia, where his forces fought against tang expansion during the battle of talas (the zealous abbasids were known to their opponents as the: ""black robed ones"")."	"immediately after their victory abu al-'abbas as-saffah sent his forces to north africa and central asia, where his forces fought against tang expansion during the battle of talas (the abbasids were known to their opponents as the: ""black robed ones"")."
negotiations with radical cleric muqtada al-sadr, a leading shi'ite cleric in iraq and leader of the mahdi army defending the shrine, were attempted but did not end the standoff.	negotiations with cleric muqtada al-sadr, a leading shi'ite cleric in iraq and leader of the mahdi army defending the shrine, were attempted but did not end the standoff.
"gossip columnist liz smith praised o'reilly's writing as ""diamond bright, ready to pounce, and never at a loss for words"", and even compares o'reilly to george s. patton."	"columnist liz smith praised o'reilly's writing as ""diamond bright, ready to pounce, and never at a loss for words"", and even compares o'reilly to george s. patton."
"on the other hand, economic historian michael ellman has noted that the book's estimate of ""at least 500,000"" victims of the soviet famine of 194648 ""is formulated in an extremely conservative way, since the actual number of victims was much larger""1,000,000-1,500,000 excess deaths according to ellman."	"on the other hand, economic historian michael ellman has argued that the book's estimate of ""at least 500,000"" victims of the soviet famine of 194648 ""is formulated in an extremely conservative way, since the actual number of victims was much larger""1,000,000-1,500,000 excess deaths according to ellman."
is a japanese company that produces a popular line of motorsport helmets.	is a japanese company that produces a line of motorsport helmets.
nikolaos karabelas, born on december 20, 1984 in pyrgos is a promising greek footballer (left back) playing for aris fc, a major greek club.	nikolaos karabelas, born on december 20, 1984 in pyrgos is a greek footballer (left back) playing for aris fc, a major greek club.
quinn scored a crucial goal and collected a coveted championship medal following a 1-7 to 0-9 victory.	quinn scored a crucial goal and collected a clare senior hurling championship medal following a 1-7 to 0-9 victory.
a new documentary film disconnect directed by kevin kunze, reviews the evidence on both sides of the cell phone radiation controversy, interviewing scientists and politicians such as mark leno, leland yee, john avalos, and eric mar.	a new documentary film disconnect directed by kevin kunze, reviews evidence on both sides of the cell phone radiation controversy, interviewing scientists and politicians such as mark leno, leland yee, john avalos, and eric mar.
there are some indian christian churches across the us; syro-malabar catholic church, syro-malankara catholic church, knanaya, indian orthodox church, mar thoma church (reformed orthodox), malankara syriac orthodox church, church of south india, the pentecostal mission, and the india pentecostal church of god; there are also a number of indian christians in mainstream american churches .	there are indian christian churches across the us; syro-malabar catholic church, syro-malankara catholic church, knanaya, indian orthodox church, mar thoma church (reformed orthodox), malankara syriac orthodox church, church of south india, the pentecostal mission, and the india pentecostal church of god; there are also a number of indian christians in mainstream american churches .
a february 2011 study by the liberal economic policy institute found:	a february 2011 study by the economic policy institute found:
from hand-picked olives gives the impression that extraordinary care went into the oil's production, whereas it is not clear that a manual harvest produces better oil than the common tree-shaking method.	from hand-picked olives gives the impression that special care went into the oil's production, whereas it is not clear that a manual harvest produces better oil than the common tree-shaking method.
scrapers are created using a browser based ide or by connecting via ssh to a server running gnu/ linux.	scrapers are created using a browser based ide or by connecting via ssh to a server running linux.
jannatul baqee' cemetery in madina - graves of: bibi fatima, daughter of rasulullah , imam hasan - the second sh`a imm; imam zain-ul-abideen - the fourth sh`a imm; imam muhammad baqir - the fifth sh`a imm; and imam ja'far al-sadiq - the sixth sh`a imm are buried here.	jannatul baqee' cemetery in madina - graves of: bibi fatima, daughter of muhammad , imam hasan - the second sh`a imm; imam zain-ul-abideen - the fourth sh`a imm; imam muhammad baqir - the fifth sh`a imm; and imam ja'far al-sadiq - the sixth sh`a imm are buried here.
according to the widely-accepted weak-form efficient-market hypothesis, such forecasting methods are valueless, since prices follow a random walk or are otherwise essentially unpredictable.	according to the weak-form efficient-market hypothesis, such forecasting methods are valueless, since prices follow a random walk or are otherwise essentially unpredictable.
"hill's unmistakable style has also been subject to parody: wendy cope includes a two-stanza parody of the mercian hymns entitled ""duffa rex"" in making cocoa for kingsley amis."	"hill's style has also been subject to parody: wendy cope includes a two-stanza parody of the mercian hymns entitled ""duffa rex"" in making cocoa for kingsley amis."
ram dass (born richard alpert on april 6, 1931) is an american contemporary spiritual teacher and the author of the seminal 1971 book be here now.	ram dass (born richard alpert on april 6, 1931) is an american contemporary spiritual teacher and the author of the 1971 book be here now.
cristo redentor (, , standard , local dialect: ) is a statue of jesus christ in rio de janeiro, brazil; considered the largest art deco statue in the world and the 5th largest statue of jesus in the world.	cristo redentor (, , standard , local dialect: ) is a statue of jesus of nazareth in rio de janeiro, brazil; considered the largest art deco statue in the world and the 5th largest statue of jesus in the world.
progressive rock bands also aesthetically link the music with visual art elements such as album art.	progressive rock bands sometimes aesthetically link the music with visual art elements such as album art.
morton has also testified before various state legislative committees on behalf of naturists, and has been chairman of nac since 1997. before joining the board, he was an nac area rep. in addition to watching out for our interests in all 50 states of the u.s., he currently watches for anti-nudity legislation in all 254 counties in texas since that state voted for home rule, with the result that any county in texas can enact its own anti-nudist ordinances and laws.	morton has also testified before various state legislative committees on behalf of naturists, and has been chairman of nac since 1997. before joining the board, he was an nac area rep. in addition to watching out for naturist's interests in all 50 states of the u.s., he currently watches for anti-nudity legislation in all 254 counties in texas since that state voted for home rule, with the result that any county in texas can enact its own anti-nudist ordinances and laws.
peji started off with a modest projected goal of $40,000, ultimately exceeding the target funding goal.	peji started off with a projected goal of $40,000, ultimately exceeding the target funding goal.
frank is also a distinguished concert promoter in oklahoma, texas, louisiana and tennessee and are hosts to over 20 southern gospel performers at the annual seminole sing in seminole, ok, songfest in jackson, tn and singfest in tulsa, ok.	frank is also a concert promoter in oklahoma, texas, louisiana and tennessee and are hosts to over 20 southern gospel performers at the annual seminole sing in seminole, ok, songfest in jackson, tn and singfest in tulsa, ok.
1993-94 would turn out to be the best season of his career, though it was also blighted by a personal all-time low for ginola, occurring in november 1993. he was scapegoated for a defeat suffered by the french national football team against their bulgarian opponents, which eliminated les bleus from the 1994 fifa world cup.	1993-94 would turn out to be the best season of his career, though it was also blighted by a personal all-time low for ginola, occurring in november 1993. he was blamed for a defeat suffered by the french national football team against their bulgarian opponents, which eliminated les bleus from the 1994 fifa world cup.
the christ conspiracy received a favourable review from christ myther earl doherty.	the christ conspiracy received a favourable review from christ mythicist earl doherty.
it is a complex volcano located in chile's xv region of tarapaca, and towers over the picturesque town of putre.	it is a complex volcano located in chile's xv region of tarapaca, and towers over the town of putre.
the game was recently reviewed by tabletopgamingnews.com which gives a great summary of the game and its components.	the game was recently reviewed by tabletopgamingnews.com which gives a summary of the game and its components.
francisco franco bahamonde (; ; 4 december 1892 20 november 1975) was a spanish general who ruled over spain as a military dictator from 1939, after the nationalist victory in the spanish civil war, until his death in 1975. this period in spanish history is commonly known as francoist spain.	francisco franco bahamonde (; ; 4 december 1892 20 november 1975) was a spanish general who ruled over spain as a military leader from 1939, after the nationalist victory in the spanish civil war, until his death in 1975. this period in spanish history is commonly known as francoist spain.
a pet peeve or pet hate is a minor annoyance that an individual identifies as particularly annoying to himself , to a greater degree than others may find.	a pet peeve or pet hate is a minor annoyance that an individual identifies as particularly annoying to themself , to a greater degree than others may find.
according to a backstage interview with entertainment tonight, she has already begun to work on her next studio album, which is expected for release sometime during spring 2007. according to a november 2006 reuters report, universal music group ceo doug morri has stated that carey will release two albums in this year.	according to a backstage interview with entertainment tonight, she has already begun to work on her next studio album, which is expected for release sometime during early 2007. according to a november 2006 reuters report, universal music group ceo doug morri has stated that carey will release two albums in this year.
his reputation underwent a renaissance during the reagan administration, but the ultimate assessment of his presidency is still divided between those who approve of his reduction of the size of government and those who believe the federal government should be involved in intervening against the alleged harsher effects of economic liberty.	his reputation underwent a renaissance during the reagan administration, but the ultimate assessment of his presidency is still divided between those who approve of his reduction of the size of government and those who believe the federal government should be involved in intervening against the harsher effects of economic liberty.
"shimon naveh claimed that after world war ii liddell hart ""created"" the idea of blitzkrieg as a military doctrine: ""it was the opposite of a doctrine."	"shimon naveh stated that after world war ii liddell hart ""created"" the idea of blitzkrieg as a military doctrine: ""it was the opposite of a doctrine."
after breaking off a two year engagement to kate fischer, in october 1999, he married swimsuit model jodhi meares with whom he separated in june 2002. he currently resides in the plush suburb of bellevue hill, in sydney's luxurious eastern suburbs .	after breaking off a two year engagement to kate fischer, in october 1999, he married swimsuit model jodhi meares with whom he separated in june 2002. he currently resides in the plush suburb of bellevue hill, in sydney's eastern suburbs .
unfortunately the university has confirmed that duryard may be demolished.	the university has confirmed that duryard may be demolished.
there is unbroken countryside with excellent walking country to the north to pendle hill and surrounding areas.	there is unbroken countryside with walking country to the north to pendle hill and surrounding areas.
although effective technologies use many evidence-based strategies (e.g., adaptive content, frequent testing, immediate feedback, etc.	effective technologies use many evidence-based strategies (e.g., adaptive content, frequent testing, immediate feedback, etc.
he made his european debut for the glasgow side in a 30 champions league defeat to portuguese side braga on 28 july 2010. he lost his place in the team after giving away a penalty in a 40 europa league defeat to fc utrecht a month later, before returning as a substitute in the famous 90 win over aberdeen in november 2010.	he made his european debut for the glasgow side in a 30 champions league defeat to portuguese side braga on 28 july 2010. he lost his place in the team after giving away a penalty in a 40 europa league defeat to fc utrecht a month later, before returning as a substitute in the 90 win over aberdeen in november 2010.
snorkelers observing friendly fish in cozumel, mexico.	snorkelers observing fish in cozumel, mexico.
the non-celebrated series was originally titled freedom fighter gunboy or simply gunboy, because the title robot was armed with a gun and the target demographic was young boys.	the series was originally titled freedom fighter gunboy or simply gunboy, because the title robot was armed with a gun and the target demographic was young boys.
the school is known for their amazing hockey and volleyball programs, as their teams are often among the best in the province.	the school is known for their hockey and volleyball programs, as their teams are often among the best in the province.
when kidd was on the verge of a comeback with a promising 'new pirates' group mick stewart (lead guitar), nick simper (bass), ray soaper (organ) and roger truth (drums) on returning from a cancelled gig, he was tragically killed in a motor car accident in bury, lancashire on 7 october 1966, with companion nick simper being injured.	when kidd was on the verge of a comeback with a promising 'new pirates' group mick stewart (lead guitar), nick simper (bass), ray soaper (organ) and roger truth (drums) on returning from a cancelled gig, he was killed in a motor car accident in bury, lancashire on 7 october 1966, with companion nick simper being injured.
ziegler's association with the gaddafi prize has been the subject of criticism.	ziegler's alleged associations with the gaddafi prize has been the subject of criticism.
the four valleys is a book written by bah'u'llh, the prophet- founder of the bah' faith.	the four valleys is a book written by bah'u'llh, the founder of the bah' faith.
neve dekalim was an illegal israeli settlement in the gaza strip, amd was founded in 1983 after the israeli withdrawal from the sinai peninsula.	neve dekalim was an israeli settlement in the gaza strip, amd was founded in 1983 after the israeli withdrawal from the sinai peninsula.
joseph-louis lagrange (born giuseppe luigi lagrancia (also reported as lagrangia ), 25 january 1736 in turin, piedmont; died 10 april 1813 in paris), was an important enlightenment era mathematician and astronomer.	joseph-louis lagrange (born giuseppe luigi lagrancia (also reported as lagrangia ), 25 january 1736 in turin, piedmont; died 10 april 1813 in paris), was an italian enlightenment era mathematician and astronomer.
he was a right-handed batsman and right arm fast-medium bowler who represented tasmania from 1980 until 1984, and played for western australia until 1986. he was a useful bowler, who could be relied upon for tasmania, at time when the struggling state side was desperately trying to establish itself as a competitive team.	he was a right-handed batsman and right arm fast-medium bowler who represented tasmania from 1980 until 1984, and played for western australia until 1986. he was a useful bowler, who could be relied upon for tasmania, at time when the struggling state side was trying to establish itself as a competitive team.
"interesting review of the ""secret king"" detailing the life of wiligut."	"review of the ""secret king"" detailing the life of wiligut."
the canadian encyclopedia is an authoritative source of information on canada.	the canadian encyclopedia is an source of information on canada.
january 22, 1987 - pennsylvania state treasurer r. budd dwyer calls a press conference after being wrongly convicted on corruption charges.	january 22, 1987 - pennsylvania state treasurer r. budd dwyer calls a press conference after being convicted on corruption charges.
it is the site of moorish castle ruins, an old church, and a splendidly- refurbished teatro municipal.	it is the site of moorish castle ruins, an old church, and a refurbished teatro municipal.
in season 200910 they reached the final of the ernest armstrong 2nd division cup being beaten 31 in extra time by whitehaven having played all the second half and extra time with 10 players due to a sending off after 47 mins in season 201011 they finished 14th the ground is still under development security fencing has been erected and the park now has teen shelter ,fitness trail and nature trail and some woeful owl wooden statues funded from a community spaces lottery grant to enable the site to be developed for the community, the football club have also been given funding for a new community room by the stockton council run eastern area partnership board and are now home to middlesbrough ladies fc , and in the future it is hoped to have a forest school on the park for local schools and groups	in season 200910 they reached the final of the ernest armstrong 2nd division cup being beaten 31 in extra time by whitehaven having played all the second half and extra time with 10 players due to a sending off after 47 mins in season 201011 they finished 14th the ground is still under development security fencing has been erected and the park now has teen shelter, fitness trail and nature trail and some owl wooden statues funded from a community spaces lottery grant to enable the site to be developed for the community, the football club have also been given funding for a new community room by the stockton council run eastern area partnership board and are now home to middlesbrough ladies fc, and in the future it is hoped to have a forest school on the park for local schools and groups
other superb interpreters of his music include emil gilels, mstislav rostropovich, tatiana nikolayeva, and maria yudina, all of whom were good friends of the composer.	other noted interpreters of his music include emil gilels, mstislav rostropovich, tatiana nikolayeva, and maria yudina, all of whom were good friends of the composer.
jo brand (b 1957), comedienne , lived in benenden as a child.	jo brand (b 1957), comedian , lived in benenden as a child.
gore vidal, whose 1967 best-selling novel myra breckenridge was considered obscene by many blue-noses in the anti-pornography movement (but which was not prosecuted), satirized the miller v. california decision in the 1974 sequel to myra breckenridge, myron.	gore vidal, whose 1967 best-selling novel myra breckenridge was considered obscene by many in the anti-pornography movement (but which was not prosecuted), satirized the miller v. california decision in the 1974 sequel to myra breckenridge, myron.
the graduate is hit on his/her bare back with belts—once by each of their fellow practitioners—as they walk or run past.	the graduate is hit on their bare back with belts—once by each of their fellow practitioners—as they walk or run past.
set in 19711988 calcutta, gunday is a story about two best friends (the most powerful outlaws of their time) who fall in love with a beautiful cabaret dancer, which causes rivalry and misunderstandings between them.	set in 19711988 calcutta, gunday is a story about two best friends (the most powerful outlaws of their time) who fall in love with a cabaret dancer, which causes rivalry and misunderstandings between them.
coca-cola zero or coke zero is a delicious product of the coca-cola company.	coca-cola zero or coke zero is a product of the coca-cola company.
other of terauchi's policies also had noble goals but evil consequences.	other of terauchi's policies also had noble goals but unforeseen consequences.
working closely with another prisoner, witold pilecki, against whom he would later amazingly testify in a communist show trial leading to pilecki's death, cyrankiewicz organised a mass breakout.	working closely with another prisoner, witold pilecki, against whom he would later testify in a communist show trial leading to pilecki's death, cyrankiewicz organised a mass breakout.
he was recognized and worked with french revolution giants georges danton and maximilien robespierre, and is often considered one of the key architects of the period known as the terror.	he was recognized and worked with french revolution figures georges danton and maximilien robespierre , and is often considered one of the key architects of the period known as the terror.
"rightagetec is a us based video game publishing company that is best known for bringing excellent japanese titles, disaster report to the us, including their flagship series armored core, and the king's field rpg series, as well as their ""designer series"" of rpg maker and fighter maker."	"rightagetec is a us based video game publishing company that is best known for bringing japanese titles, disaster report to the us, including their flagship series armored core, and the king's field rpg series, as well as their ""designer series"" of rpg maker and fighter maker."
his total in all competitions that season was 53. in 2003, he scored two superb goals in the uefa cup final, although opponents porto went on to win 3-2. his goalscoring feats on the continent for celtic mean he holds the record for number of goals scored for a club from the british isles in european matches.	his total in all competitions that season was 53. in 2003, he scored two goals in the uefa cup final, although opponents porto went on to win 3-2. his goalscoring feats on the continent for celtic mean he holds the record for number of goals scored for a club from the british isles in european matches.
2008 brought his welcome return to the clive barker cinematic universe by way of a featured appearance in book of blood.	2008 brought his return to the clive barker cinematic universe by way of a featured appearance in book of blood.
boston enjoys extensive domestic and international airline service at three airports:	boston has extensive domestic and international airline service at three airports:
if a player kills a bountied player or destroys a bountied building, s/he will receive the sum of all bounties that were placed on that particular individual or that building.	if a player kills a bountied player or destroys a bountied building, they will receive the sum of all bounties that were placed on that particular individual or that building.
(robert tinkler)—billy's racist co-worker.	(robert tinkler)—billy's co-worker.
this downturn in the capabilities of the roman soldiers meant an increasing reliance by the western empire on barbarian mercenaries employed as foederati, who often proved to be unreliable, or even treacherous.	this downturn in the capabilities of the roman soldiers meant an increasing reliance by the empire on barbarian mercenaries employed as foederati, who often proved to be unreliable, or even treacherous.
samir amin (arabic: ) (born 3 september 1931) is an egyptian radical economist.	samir amin (arabic: ) (born 3 september 1931) is an egyptian economist.
it holds a far left-wing agenda and is a zionist party.	it holds a left-wing agenda and is a zionist party.
nyon is a quiet town in the canton of vaud, in switzerland, some 25 kilometers north of geneva on the shores of lake geneva, and is the seat of the district of nyon.	nyon is a town in the canton of vaud, in switzerland, some 25 kilometers north of geneva on the shores of lake geneva, and is the seat of the district of nyon.
he was an ardent supporter of oliver cromwell and was an officer in the parliamentary army during the english civil war and the interregnum .	he was an ardent supporter of oliver cromwell and was an officer in the parliamentary army during the english civil war and the commonwealth of england.
the nation of islam (noi) (, ummah al-islmu) is a racist group founded in detroit, michigan, united states by a man called wallace fard muhammad in july 1930 with the self-proclaimed goal of resurrecting the spiritual, mental, social, and economic condition of the black men and women of america.	the nation of islam (noi) (, ummah al-islmu) is a group founded in detroit, michigan, united states by a man called wallace fard muhammad in july 1930 with the self-proclaimed goal of resurrecting the spiritual, mental, social, and economic condition of the black men and women of america.
pornography addiction is an addiction model of compulsive sexual activity with concurrent use of pornographic material, despite negative consequences to one's physical, mental, social, or financial well-being.	pornography addiction is an addiction model of compulsive sexual activity with concurrent use of pornographic material, usually made by people who do not like it, and they claim it gives negative consequences to one's physical, mental, social, or financial well-being.
south norwalk (also known as sono) is a disgusting neighborhood in norwalk, connecticut.	south norwalk (also known as sono) is a neighborhood in norwalk, connecticut.
early in the year 1945 the higher allied western politico -military leadership started to consider how they might aid the soviets with the use of the strategic bomber force.	early in the year 1945 the higher allied western political -military leadership started to consider how they might aid the soviets with the use of the strategic bomber force.
merton and scholes received the 1997 nobel prize in economics for this and related work; unfortunately black was ineligible, having died in 1995.	merton and scholes received the 1997 nobel prize in economics for this and related work; black was ineligible, having died in 1995.
"francis vane ""frank, checker"" hughes (26 february 1894 – 23 january 1978) was a famous player and coach of australian rules football in the victorian football league (later renamed to australian football league) in the period 1914 to 1948."	"francis vane ""frank, checker"" hughes (26 february 1894 – 23 january 1978) was a player and coach of australian rules football in the victorian football league (later renamed to australian football league) in the period 1914 to 1948."
the cuban government adheres to socialist principles in organizing its largely state-controlled command economy.	the cuban government adheres to socialist principles in organizing its largely state-controlled planned economy.
alfred 'uganda' roberts is widely known in new orleans, was professor longhair's only steady band member and has toured and recorded with the meters, dr. john, herbie mann, willie t and other new orleans music greats .	alfred 'uganda' roberts is widely known in new orleans, was professor longhair's only steady band member and has toured and recorded with the meters, dr. john, herbie mann, willie t and other new orleans music projects .
japan had several victories on land, completing the occupation of the korean peninsula, until the chinese ming army intervened and counter-attacked in concert with korean army.at this time, the admiral of naval forces in japan was kukikuki yoshitaka.he was an owner of flagship nihonmaru of 33 meters.	japan had several victories on land, completing the occupation of the korean peninsula, until the chinese ming army intervened and counter-attacked in concert with korean army.at this time, the admiral of naval forces in japan was kuki yoshitaka.he was an owner of flagship nihonmaru of 33 meters.
eli lilly has admitted the drug causes an increase in thyroid problems in rats given high doses.	eli lilly has stated the drug causes an increase in thyroid problems in rats given high doses.
"an article in the liberal publication the nation asserted that the gramm-leach-bliley act was responsible for the creation of entities that took on more risk due to their being considered too big to fail."""	"an article in the publication the nation asserted that the gramm-leach-bliley act was responsible for the creation of entities that took on more risk due to their being considered too big to fail."""
the department of trade and industry was a united kingdom government department which was disbanded with the announcement of the creation of the department for business, enterprise and regulatory reform and the department for innovation, universities and skills on 28 june 2007.	the department of trade and industry was a united kingdom government department which was replaced with the announcement of the creation of the department for business, enterprise and regulatory reform and the department for innovation, universities and skills on 28 june 2007.
"the name ""spha"" was originally an acronym, derived from south philadelphia hebrew association, and naturally the team's players were primarily jewish."	"the name ""spha"" was originally an acronym, derived from south philadelphia hebrew association, and the team's players were primarily jewish."
this new management group seized cleopatra and rushed it to completion, shut down the studio, laid off the entire staff to save money, axed the long-running movietone newsreel and made a series of cheap, popular pictures that luckily restored fox as a major studio.	this new management group seized cleopatra and rushed it to completion, shut down the studio, laid off the entire staff to save money, axed the long-running movietone newsreel and made a series of cheap, popular pictures that restored fox as a major studio.
the neapolitan force met with the turks in 1481, thoroughly annihilating them and recapturing otranto.	the neapolitan force met with the turks in 1481, thoroughly defeating them and recapturing otranto.
their defeat opened the way for the problematic advance of socialism and communism into central europe, yugoslavia, bulgaria, romania, albania, china, north vietnam and north korea.	their defeat opened the way for the advance of socialism and communism into central europe, yugoslavia, bulgaria, romania, albania, china, north vietnam and north korea.
during world war ii, the nazis perversed this old phrase in its translated form to use it at the entrance to the buchenwald concentration camp.	during world war ii, the nazis used this old phrase in its translated form to use it at the entrance to the buchenwald concentration camp.
this movement inserts energy to the bridge during each cycle so that it neutralizes the natural damping of the structure; the composed system (bridge-fluid) therefore behaves as if it had an effective negative damping (or had positive feedback), leading to an exponentially growing response.	this movement inserts energy to the bridge during each cycle so that it overcomes the natural damping of the structure; the composed system (bridge-fluid) therefore behaves as if it had an effective negative damping (or had positive feedback), leading to an exponentially growing response.
aside from mention of small organizational glitches, coverage of festival events was overwhelmingly positive.	aside from mention of small organizational glitches, coverage of festival events was generally positive.
the neon genesis evangelion series is very influential on the bands full lengh debut, as displayed on the stunning artwork	the neon genesis evangelion series is very influential on the bands full lengh debut, as displayed on the artwork
it is the only catholic school in the prestigious independent school league.	it is the only catholic school in the independent school league.
the report of the british consul roger casement led to the arrest and punishment of white officials who had been responsible for killings during a rubber-collecting expedition in 1903 (including one belgian national for causing the shooting of at least 122 congolese natives ).	the report of the british consul roger casement led to the arrest and punishment of white officials who had been responsible for killings during a rubber-collecting expedition in 1903 (including one belgian national for causing the shooting of at least 122 congolese people ).
arguments against publicly-funded health care	arguments concerning publicly-funded health care
that is, a religion will generally have answers to metaphysical and cosmological questions about the nature of being, of the universe, humanity, and the divine.	that is, a religion will generally offer answers to metaphysical and cosmological questions about the nature of being, of the universe, humanity, and the divine.
a magnum opus is eagerly awaited, the last pagans of rome.	a magnum opus is awaited, the last pagans of rome.
reform judaism and reconstructionist judaism permit total personal autonomy in interpretation of jewish law, and intermarriage is unfortunately not discouraged.	reform judaism and reconstructionist judaism permit total personal autonomy in interpretation of jewish law, and intermarriage is not discouraged.
in 1940, when invasion of the atlantic isles by nazi germany looked imminent, gandhi offered the following advice to the british people (non-violence in peace and war):	in 1940, when invasion of the british isles by nazi germany looked imminent, gandhi offered the following advice to the british people (non-violence in peace and war):
lua, as a compiled binary, is incredibly small by code standards.	lua, as a compiled binary, is small by code standards.
a number of well-known professional footballers have at one time played for clifton.	a number of professional footballers have at one time played for clifton.
conor flaherty is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sen gleeson.	conor flaherty is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sen gleeson.
this resulted in the battle of karbala and husayn martyrdoom , and the destabilization of the entire muslim community , followed by multiple revolts, including ibn al-zubair's revolt.	this resulted in the battle of karbala and husayn 's death , and the destabilization of the entire muslim community , followed by multiple revolts, including ibn al-zubair's revolt.
overwork and smoking led to a heart attack; he died on 28 april 1978, at the tragically young age of 51. he was survived by his wife sarah whom he had married only a few years earlier.	overwork and smoking led to a heart attack; he died on 28 april 1978, at the young age of 51. he was survived by his wife sarah whom he had married only a few years earlier.
it was in this environment of fear and misinformation that boggs finally chose to act.	it was in this environment of fear and misinformation that boggs chose to act.
his first notable tv work was on music channel mtv presenting dance floor chart and mtv select.	his first major tv work was on music channel mtv presenting dance floor chart and mtv select.
although an acquaintance of the great cinematographer john f. seitz, they were not related.	although an acquaintance of the cinematographer john f. seitz, they were not related.
people will travel many kilometres to attend the balls, and the profits made from them go to charities and other organizations such as the royal flying doctor service of australia, red cross and the australian cancer council, as well as local charities of the specific area.	people will travel many kilometres to attend the balls, and the profits made from them go to charities and organizations such as the royal flying doctor service of australia, red cross and the australian cancer council, as well as local charities of the specific area.
the network specializes in reader-friendly coverage of timely news stories, with an emphasis on providing opinion-oriented analysis via varied content formats and extensive multimedia programming.	the network specializes in coverage of timely news stories, with an emphasis on providing opinion-oriented analysis via varied content formats and extensive multimedia programming.
"in august 2008, he starred in rt's reality show filte towers, finishing in third place, earning money for his charity ""health action overseas""."	"in august 2008, he appeared in rt's reality show filte towers, finishing in third place, earning money for his charity ""health action overseas""."
a jury only deliberated three hours before finding him guilty on march 4, 1994. he was sentenced to life in prison.	a jury deliberated three hours before finding him guilty on march 4, 1994. he was sentenced to life in prison.
he was a brilliant polyglot and spoke 32 languages.	he was a polyglot and spoke 32 languages.
marion carl's memoir, pushing the envelope, coauthored with his friend barrett tillman, was published in 1994. in 1998, at age 82, he was killed defending edna from a home invader.	marion carl's memoir, pushing the envelope, coauthored with his friend barrett tillman, was published in 1994. in 1998, at age 82, he was shot to death with a shotgun during a robbery, defending edna from a home invader.
jeff eventually expanded the line up of neutral milk hotel and in 1998 released in the aeroplane over the sea.	mungam eventually expanded the line up of neutral milk hotel and in 1998 released in the aeroplane over the sea.
in the years that he led the team, from 1996 to 2007, the yankees went to the post-season each year and won ten american league east division titles, six american league pennants, and four world series titles, in addition to compiling a sterling .605 winning percentage with them.	in the years that he led the team, from 1996 to 2007, the yankees went to the post-season each year and won ten american league east division titles, six american league pennants, and four world series titles, in addition to compiling a .605 winning percentage with them.
at the time that serbia liberated kosovo (in 1912-1913), the 1903 constitution was still in force.	at the time that serbia annexed kosovo (in 1912-1913), the 1903 constitution was still in force.
however, very few women who participated in the campaign were actually called upon to serve in defense against israel.	however, very few women who participated in the campaign were actually called upon to serve in actions against israel.
the jesus seminar is a controversial research team of about one hundred academic new testament scholars founded in 1985 by robert funk under the auspices of the westar institute.	the jesus seminar is a research team of about one hundred academic new testament scholars founded in 1985 by robert funk under the auspices of the westar institute.
while human sexuality is well understood, scientists do not completely grasp how other animals relate sexually.	while human sexuality is well understood, scientists do not completely grasp how animals relate sexually.
cheryl ruth hines (born september 21, 1965) is an american actress, comedienne , producer and director, known for her role as larry david's wife cheryl on hbo's curb your enthusiasm, for which she was nominated for two emmy awards.	cheryl ruth hines (born september 21, 1965) is an american actress, comedian , producer and director, known for her role as larry david's wife cheryl on hbo's curb your enthusiasm, for which she was nominated for two emmy awards.
cynthia ellen nixon (born april 9, 1966) is an american actress, known for her portrayal of miranda hobbes in the popular hbo series sex and the city (1998–2004, 2008).	cynthia ellen nixon (born april 9, 1966) is an american actress, known for her portrayal of miranda hobbes in the hbo series sex and the city (1998–2004, 2008).
avn have promoted the church of conscious living, a fake church to provide spurious religious exemptions from vaccination.	avn have promoted the church of conscious living, a church to provide spurious religious exemptions from vaccination.
although these were identified by the old authorised version as four different creatures, modern translations correctly identify them as four kinds of locusts.	although these were identified by the old authorised version as four different creatures, modern translations identify them as four kinds of locusts.
the celebrated texas state university mfa program at the texas state university in san marcos, texas is a graduate-level creative writing program in the united states.	the texas state university mfa program at the texas state university in san marcos, texas is a graduate-level creative writing program in the united states.
"the fad started with the italian film mondo cane (a dog's world, also a mild italian curse; ""mondo"" literally means ""world"") made in 1962 by paolo cavara, gualtiero jacopetti, franco prosperi and proved quite popular."	"the genre started with the italian film mondo cane (a dog's world, also a mild italian curse; ""mondo"" literally means ""world"") made in 1962 by paolo cavara, gualtiero jacopetti, franco prosperi and proved quite popular."
"lead vocalist freddie mercury composed the entire ""black"" side, contributing virtuosic piano and harpsichord pieces and a wide range of distinctive vocal performances."	"lead vocalist freddie mercury composed the entire ""black"" side, contributing piano and harpsichord pieces and a wide range of distinctive vocal performances."
radical socialists and pacifists have condemned anzac day since its inception.	socialists and pacifists have condemned anzac day since its inception.
impulsive captain west self-destructs the future earth ship and destroys the spiders, however the shockwave from the explosion damages the jupiter 2, and they crash land on a nearby planet.	captain west self-destructs the future earth ship and destroys the spiders, however the shockwave from the explosion damages the jupiter 2, and they crash land on a nearby planet.
otter offered several excuses for failing the field sobriety test including: his stocking feet were stung by weeds and gravel, he had run eight miles and his knee hurt, he was hungry, and that he had soaked his chewing tobacco in jack daniels.	otter offered several explanations for failing the field sobriety test including: his stocking feet were stung by weeds and gravel, he had run eight miles and his knee hurt, he was hungry, and that he had soaked his chewing tobacco in jack daniels.
"after ""guardian devil"", smith was succeeded by cult-favorite writer-artist david mack, who contributed the seven-issue ""parts of a hole""daredevil #9 - 15. this arc introduces maya lopez, also known as echo, a deaf martial artist who is manipulated by wilson fisk into believing that daredevil murdered her father."	"after ""guardian devil"", smith was succeeded by writer-artist david mack, who contributed the seven-issue ""parts of a hole""daredevil #9 - 15. this arc introduces maya lopez, also known as echo, a deaf martial artist who is manipulated by wilson fisk into believing that daredevil murdered her father."
to advance his plan woodard travelled to the botched vegetarian utopia and met with its municipal leadership.	to advance his plan woodard travelled to the vegetarian utopia and met with its municipal leadership.
the pirate bay website has been blocked in several countries, despite the relative ease by which such censorship can be circumvented in most countries.	the pirate bay website has been blocked in several countries, despite the relative ease by which such blocks can be circumvented in most countries.
though emphasis is given to the substantive and procedural law of louisiana, with its french and spanish origins, anglo-american law is well integrated into the curriculum.	though emphasis is given to the substantive and procedural law of louisiana, with its french and spanish origins, anglo-american law is integrated into the curriculum.
almost immediately upon its release, the k-01 became one of the most controversial pentax offerings, with criticism focusing on the innovative marc newson design, which many considered made the camera too heavy and uncomfortable to hold, with poorly-placed controls, while acknowledging its strong image quality and low-light / high iso performance.	almost immediately upon its release, the k-01 became one of the most controversial pentax offerings, with criticism focusing on the marc newson design, which many considered made the camera too heavy and uncomfortable to hold, with poorly-placed controls, while acknowledging its strong image quality and low-light / high iso performance.
the word anglosphere describes a certain group of anglophone (english-speaking) nations which share some historical, political, and ethnocultural characteristics rooted in or attributed to the historical experience of the british people.	the word anglosphere describes a certain group of anglophone (english-speaking) nations which share some historical, political, and cultural characteristics rooted in or attributed to the historical experience of the british people.
- milton friedman offers excellent examples of what marketized government solutions can look like.	- milton friedman offers examples of what marketized government solutions can look like.
"one report by renowned bbc journalist gregory palast citing unnamed ""insiders"" alleged that the us ""called for the sell-off of all of iraq's oil fields"" and planned for a coup d'etat in iraq began long before september 11th."	"one report by bbc journalist gregory palast citing unnamed ""insiders"" alleged that the us ""called for the sell-off of all of iraq's oil fields"" and planned for a coup d'etat in iraq began long before september 11th."
"the show pretends that ""all the people in this show have been hustled for real."""	"the show states that ""all the people in this show have been hustled for real."""
according to the predominant view in liberal biblical scholarship—the documentary hypothesis—the ark story told in genesis is based on two originally quasi-independent sources, and did not reach its present form until the 5th century bc.	according to the predominant view in biblical scholarship—the documentary hypothesis—the ark story told in genesis is based on two originally quasi-independent sources, and did not reach its present form until the 5th century bc.
the iona institute is a socially conservative christian organisation based in ireland.	the iona institute is a socially conservative christian lobby group based in ireland.
"to the immense grief of the pope, this act occasioned the heartless epigram by sannazzaro on the pope as ""fisher of men""."	"to the immense grief of the pope, this act occasioned the epigram by sannazzaro on the pope as ""fisher of men""."
this led to his wwf championship match against shawn michaels at wrestlemania xiv where he won his first wwf championship with a little help from disgraced boxer mike tyson.	this led to his wwf championship match against shawn michaels at wrestlemania xiv where he won his first wwf championship with a little help from boxer mike tyson.
billy collins (born march 22, 1941) is an accomplished american poet who served two terms as the eleventh poet laureate of the united states.	billy collins (born march 22, 1941) is an american poet who served two terms as the eleventh poet laureate of the united states.
many of his statements in interviews, on twitter, and at campaign rallies have been controversial or false.	some of his statements in interviews, on twitter, and at campaign rallies have been controversial or false.
chislehurst is a pleasant village in the london borough of bromley.	chislehurst is a village in the london borough of bromley.
they also note that such criticisms represent ad hominem attacks and straw man arguments and fail to address the substance of the underlying policy or propose constructive alternatives.	they also contend that such criticisms represent ad hominem attacks and straw man arguments and fail to address the substance of the underlying policy or propose constructive alternatives.
several excellent syntheses of research on teacher quality are currently available, including those by mary kennedy, drew gitomer, and michael strong.	several thorough syntheses of research on teacher quality are currently available, including those by mary kennedy, drew gitomer, and michael strong.
"the inquest revealed that she was part of an internet ""emo"" cult and her bebo page contained an image of an 'emo girl' with bloody wrists."	"the inquest claimed that she was part of an internet ""emo"" cult and her bebo page contained an image of an 'emo girl' with bloody wrists."
"walker is also notorious for performing ""the shimmy"" during a game after completing a difficult play or shot."	"walker is also known for performing ""the shimmy"" during a game after completing a difficult play or shot."
a walk to remember is a 2002 teen film based on the 1998 romance novel by nicholas sparks.	a walk to remember is a 2002 film based on the 1998 romance novel by nicholas sparks.
bbc news is the largest broadcast news gathering operation in the world, providing services to bbc domestic radio as well as television networks such as bbc news 24, bbc parliament and bbc world, as well as bbci, ceefax and bbc news online.	bbc news claims to be the largest broadcast news gathering operation in the world, providing services to bbc domestic radio as well as television networks such as bbc news 24, bbc parliament and bbc world, as well as bbci, ceefax and bbc news online.
chinese jamaicans refer to the small but nonetheless influential group of jamaicans with chinese ancestry .	chinese jamaicans refer to the small but nonetheless influential group of jamaicans with chinese birth or descent .
serbs held the town until croatian forces freed it during operation storm on august 5, 1995 (the date is today marked as a victory day in croatia).	serbs held the town until croatian forces captured it during operation storm on august 5, 1995 (the date is today marked as a victory day in croatia).
"the book received positive reviews from the conservative press who called it ""all the scientific ammunition climate change skeptics could want."""	"the book received positive reviews from the press who called it ""all the scientific ammunition climate change skeptics could want."""
it was sarcastically awarded to mitsubishi corporation for successful efforts at portraying its business operations as environmentally friendly.	it was awarded to mitsubishi corporation for successful efforts at portraying its business operations as environmentally friendly.
unlike the city loop or city-link passengers were required to pay a small fixed fare.	unlike the city loop or city-link passengers were required to pay a fixed fare.
olga kay (born 1982), russian-american comedienne and actress	olga kay (born 1982), russian-american comedian and actress
"there are also reports that jeffs admitted his position of prophet in the flds church was false in a conversation to william e. jessop, and declared that ""brother william e. jessop has been the prophet since my father's passing"" in a conversation to his brother nephi jeffs, though jeffs' attorneys have claimed he misspoke."	"there are also reports that jeffs admitted his position of prophet in the flds church was a usurpation in a conversation to william e. jessop, and declared that ""brother william e. jessop has been the prophet since my father's passing"" in a conversation to his brother nephi jeffs, though jeffs' attorneys have claimed he misspoke."
despite current absence of scientific evidence, the autism research institute recommends the gfcf diet as a treatment for autism and related conditions.	despite an absence of scientific evidence, the autism research institute recommends the gfcf diet as a treatment for autism and related conditions.
many of the homes have unfortunately been turned into multiple dwelling apartments.	many of the homes have since been turned into multiple dwelling apartments.
on april 22, 2012, in a game against the oklahoma city thunder, world peace elbowed james harden in the head as he was irresponsibly celebrating a dunk.	on april 22, 2012, in a game against the oklahoma city thunder, world peace elbowed james harden in the head as he was celebrating a dunk.
emory l. cowen (1926 november 30, 2000) was an influential american psychologist who pioneered the promotion of wellness in mental health.	emory l. cowen (1926 november 30, 2000) was an american psychologist who pioneered the promotion of wellness in mental health.
official investigation and court ruling	criminal investigation and court ruling
mara ngeles rodrguez surez (born april 12, 1957 in gijn, asturias) is a former field hockey player from spain, who was a member of the women's national team that surprisingly won the gold medal at the 1992 summer olympics on home soil (barcelona).	mara ngeles rodrguez surez (born april 12, 1957 in gijn, asturias) is a former field hockey player from spain, who was a member of the women's national team that won the gold medal at the 1992 summer olympics on home soil (barcelona).
after years she admitted her feelings for keith and decided to marry him, unfortunately keith dies before they can marry.	after years she admitted her feelings for keith and decided to marry him, however keith dies before they can marry.
miller is also a keen saxophonist.	miller is also a saxophonist.
in the following match, fowler's brilliant hat-trick gave the glory a 31 victory against melbourne victory.	in the following match, fowler's hat-trick gave the glory a 31 victory against melbourne victory.
shanidar cave is an archaeological site in the zagros mountains in erbil governorate, kurdistan region, northern iraq.	shanidar cave is an archaeological site in the zagros mountains in erbil governorate, kurdistan region, iraq.
the runestone dr 4 raised after sigtrygg by his mother.house of olaf was a swedish dynasty which ruled denmark in the late 9th century and early 10th century.	the runestone dr 4 raised after sigtrygg by his mother.house of olaf was a dynasty which ruled denmark in the late 9th century and early 10th century.
bush was reelected in 2004, narrowly defeating u.s. senator john kerry of massachusetts.	bush was reelected in 2004, defeating u.s. senator john kerry of massachusetts.
icoc commentary blogspot '' commentary by sarel de wet (a former member) mainly on the portland intl.	/2007/04/mckeans-comeback-years-part-1.html commentary blogspot '' commentary by sarel de wet (a former member) mainly on the portland intl.
the republic of china is a de-facto state in east asia.	the republic of china is a sovereign state in east asia.
"there are, for example, no obstacles for legal or physical persons to start drawing contracts and invoicing in xau - gold - as opposed to the defunct usd, the eur, the yan, or any ""basket"" of national/regional currencies."	"there are, for example, no obstacles for legal or physical persons to start drawing contracts and invoicing in xau - gold - as opposed to the usd, the eur, the yan, or any ""basket"" of national/regional currencies."
saint naum (, sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval macedonian n scholar and missionary among the slavs.	saint naum (, sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval bulgaria n scholar and missionary among the slavs.
redirect human_rights_situation_in_saddam's_iraq	redirect human rights situation in iraq
an argentinean woman died 13 july in an hezbollah rocket attack on nahariya, israel.	an argentinean woman was killed 13 july in an hezbollah rocket attack on nahariya, israel.
excellent guide on iban account numbers and payments in europe	guide on iban account numbers and payments in europe
the show's cross-dressing was generally depicted in a surprisingly fun and sympathetic light, and in what a drag eric enjoyed the experience so much that he considered living as a woman fulltime.	the show's cross-dressing was generally depicted in a fun and sympathetic light, and in what a drag eric enjoyed the experience so much that he considered living as a woman fulltime.
genre = alternative metal , hard rock |	genre = heavy metal , hard rock |
"anushilan samiti ( ""self-culture association"", meaning to follow the teachings of bankim chandra chatterjee) was a terrorist organisation in bengal and the principal secret revolutionary organisation operating in the region in the opening years of the 20th century."	"anushilan samiti ( ""self-culture association"", meaning to follow the teachings of bankim chandra chatterjee) was a revolutionary organisation in bengal and the principal secret revolutionary organisation operating in the region in the opening years of the 20th century."
stalin's cult of personality, his extreme concentration of power and the means of its execution defines him as a dictator.	stalin's cult of personality, his extreme concentration of power and the means of its execution have led some to define him as a dictator.
commemoration of the 30th independence day from spain in the liberated territories (2005)	commemoration of the 30th independence day from spain in the polisario held territories (2005)
the adf detachment, which comprised twenty syrian regular soldiers, refused to move out, causing an argument which tragically ended with a shootout on which 19 people lost their lives.	the adf detachment, which comprised twenty syrian regular soldiers, refused to move out, causing an argument which ended with a shootout on which 19 people lost their lives.
yazid bin muawiyah (arabic: ) (c. 645 - 683), was the sixth sunni caliph and the second of the umayyad caliphs; he succeeded his father muawiyah i. he died suddenly in 683, after only three years of rule.	yazid bin muawiyah (arabic: ) (c. 645 - 683), was the sixth caliph and the second of the umayyad caliphs; he succeeded his father muawiyah i. he died suddenly in 683, after only three years of rule.
in 1971, talbot was cast in the pilot episode of the cbs sitcom funny face starring actress- comedienne sandy duncan.	in 1971, talbot was cast in the pilot episode of the cbs sitcom funny face starring actress- comedian sandy duncan.
condemnation by former members of the original black panther party	critricism by former members of the original black panther party
a pearl is a hard, pretty object produced within the soft tissue (specifically the mantle) of a living shelled mollusk.	a pearl is a hard, rounded object produced within the soft tissue (specifically the mantle) of a living shelled mollusk.
"phillip james ""phil"" mitchell is a long-running fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by steve mcfadden."	"phillip james ""phil"" mitchell is a long-running fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by steve mcfadden."
on the december 16, 2005 edition of smackdown!, batista and mysterio defeated mnm to become the new wwe tag team champions in a match they both dedicated to the late, great eddie guerrero.	on the december 16, 2005 edition of smackdown!, batista and mysterio defeated mnm to become the new wwe tag team champions in a match they both dedicated to the late, eddie guerrero.
firstly, he suggests that all discussion of an isomorphism between language and reality is nothing more than useless metaphysical speculation, since it brings up the problem of explaining how it is possible for words and sentences to represent things in the external world.	firstly, he suggests that all discussion of an isomorphism between language and reality is nothing more than useless speculation, since it brings up the problem of explaining how it is possible for words and sentences to represent things in the external world.
wood is also a member of the editorial collective that publishes the magazine cineaction!, a film theory collective founded by wood and other colleagues of toronto's prestigious york university where he is also a professor emeritus of film.	wood is also a member of the editorial collective that publishes the magazine cineaction!, a film theory collective founded by wood and other colleagues of toronto 's york university where he is also a professor emeritus of film.
crimson fox is a fictional character, a french comic book superhero ine from the dc comics universe.	crimson fox is a fictional character, a french comic book superhero from the dc comics universe.
he is also a member, with stephen fearing and tom wilson of the supergroup blackie and the rodeo kings.	he is also a member, with stephen fearing and tom wilson of the group blackie and the rodeo kings.
the independent media center (aka indymedia or imc) is a global network of amateur journalists that serves as an alternative/fringe media outlet which delivers reports with a left-wing spin on political and social issues.	the independent media center (aka indymedia or imc) is a global network of amateur journalists that serves as an alternative/fringe media outlet which delivers reports with a left-wing perspective on political and social issues.
it began as a village, mangyongdae-ri, south pyongan province and became a district of pyongyang in september of 1959. the area is surrounded by several hills, the highest one named mangyong (ten thousand views) hill because one can enjoy a birds-eye view of the exquisite landscape, and the village at its foot is called mangyongdae.	it began as a village, mangyongdae-ri, south pyongan province and became a district of pyongyang in september of 1959. the area is surrounded by several hills, the highest one named mangyong (ten thousand views) hill because one can enjoy a birds-eye view of the surrounding scenic landscape, and the village at its foot is called mangyongdae.
"amarillo is the largest city in texas without a 4-year degree granting institution within the city limits, which has unfortunately contributed to amarillo being described by some as ""the second most uneducated city in the united states"" for cities over 150,000 population."	"amarillo is the largest city in texas without a 4-year degree granting institution within the city limits, which has contributed to amarillo being described by some as ""the second most uneducated city in the united states"" for cities over 150,000 population."
following the opening of terminal 5 in march 2008, a hugely complex programme of terminal moves was implemented.	following the opening of terminal 5 in march 2008, a complex programme of terminal moves was implemented.
"carbon features a new car revolutionary customization option called ""autosculpt"", enabling players to utilize aftermarket car parts and shape/mould the parts to their liking."	"carbon features a new car customization option called ""autosculpt"", enabling players to utilize aftermarket car parts and shape/mould the parts to their liking."
more seriously, the environmental working group (ewg) discovered that the researchers hired by abc had not tested any produce for pesticides.	more seriously, the environmental working group (ewg) alleges that the researchers hired by abc had not tested any produce for pesticides.
her father was vaudeville genius ole olsen, whose depression-era show hellzapoppin' was one of the longest running broadway musicals in history.	her father was vaudeville performer ole olsen, whose depression-era show hellzapoppin' was one of the longest running broadway musicals in history.
so paulo won the libertadores cup, beating another brazilian team, atltico paranaense in the contreversial final.	so paulo won the libertadores cup, beating another brazilian team, atltico paranaense in the final.
he was involved in the awful crash that killed bill vukovich in 1955. he finished in the top ten 13 times, with his best finish in 2nd position, in 1956 at atlanta and in 1961 at milwaukee.	he was involved in the crash that killed bill vukovich in 1955. he finished in the top ten 13 times, with his best finish in 2nd position, in 1956 at atlanta and in 1961 at milwaukee.
he is now believed to have been the leader of the martyrs .	he is now believed to have been the leader of the attacks .
the arctic woolly-bear caterpillars are unique in their combination of fascinating adaptations to the polar extremes.	the arctic woolly-bear caterpillars are unique in their combination of adaptations to the polar extremes.
stroytransgaz is a leading russian engineering construction company in the field of oil and gas industry.	stroytransgaz is a russian engineering construction company in the field of oil and gas industry.
on october 12, 1279, he purportedly inscribed the gohonzon known as the dai-gohonzon, whichin contrast to other gohonzon inscribed in this periodwas intended for worship by all his disciples and believers, contemporary and future, rather than just the specific individual named on it.	on october 12, 1279, he inscribed the gohonzon known as the dai-gohonzon, whichin contrast to other gohonzon inscribed in this periodwas intended for worship by all his disciples and believers, contemporary and future, rather than just the specific individual named on it.
there are claims that the tunnels between gaza and egypt were bringing in an estimated $700 million into gaza's economy through goods or services.	there are reports that the tunnels between gaza and egypt were bringing in an estimated $700 million into gaza's economy through goods or services.
), and gadgets (blender, juicers, sprouters, and a mini-trampoline).	), and accessory equipment (blender, juicers, sprouters, and a mini-trampoline).
this phenomenon is called flavor oscillation.	this phenomenon is called particle-antiparticle oscillation.
he was given a life sentence for murder and thankfully died in prison in 2001 of heart problems.	he was given a life sentence for murder and died in prison in 2001 of heart problems.
a performer for seven decades, he had starring roles as jed clampett in the popular 1960s television series, the beverly hillbillies and as the title character in the 1970s detective series barnaby jones.	a performer for seven decades, he had starring roles as jed clampett in the 1960s television series, the beverly hillbillies and as the title character in the 1970s detective series barnaby jones.
sean coulthard (born december 8, 1968), better known by his ring name michael cole, is an american professional wrestling commentator and occasional wrestler currently signed to wwe where he serves as a great commentator.	sean coulthard (born december 8, 1968), better known by his ring name michael cole, is an american professional wrestling commentator and occasional wrestler currently signed to wwe where he serves as a commentator.
father, son and the holy spirit in dominant christian theology);	father, son and the holy spirit in traditional christian theology);
popular film critic roger ebert has named him his favorite actor and one of the greatest actors of all time.	film critic roger ebert has named him his favorite actor and one of the greatest actors of all time.
johnson was a renowned womaniser and had many relationships, a number of them with prostitutes and brothel-keepers.	johnson was a womaniser and had many relationships, a number of them with prostitutes and brothel-keepers.
unfortunately , this fundamental respect of the thai royal family has led to politically powerful individuals unfairly citing the offence of lse majest against outspoken political rivals to manipulate the political process.	however , this fundamental respect of the thai royal family has led to politically powerful individuals unfairly citing the offence of lse majest against outspoken political rivals to manipulate the political process.
agranulocytosis - develops rapidly, soar throat and fever are hallmark symptoms.	agranulocytosis - develops rapidly, sore throat and fever are hallmark symptoms.
he is married and has three wonderful children.	he is married and has three children.
"galloway combatively countered the charges by accusing coleman and other pro-war politicians of covering up the ""theft of billions of dollars of iraq's wealth... on your watch"" that had occurred under a post-invasion coalition provisional authority, committed by ""halliburton and other american corporations... with the connivance of your own government."""	"galloway countered the charges by accusing coleman and other pro-war politicians of covering up the ""theft of billions of dollars of iraq's wealth... on your watch"" that had occurred under a post-invasion coalition provisional authority, committed by ""halliburton and other american corporations... with the connivance of your own government."""
in the course of her writings her understanding of religion changed.	in the course of her writings her view of religion changed.
furthermore, most u.s. doctors are authorized to prescribe suboxone charge ~$300 for a first visit, plus several hundred more for follow-up visits, which makes going through official channels more expensive than simply maintaining the original opiate addiction, for some users.	furthermore, most u.s. doctors authorized to prescribe suboxone charge ~$300 for a first visit, plus several hundred more for follow-up visits, which makes going through official channels more expensive than simply maintaining the original opiate addiction, for some users.
he has since scored numerous kenneth branagh films including dead again (1991), much ado about nothing (1993), mary shelley's frankenstein (1994), hamlet (1996), love's labour's lost (2000), as you like it (2006), sleuth (2007), and thor (2011).	he has since scored many kenneth branagh films including dead again (1991), much ado about nothing (1993), mary shelley's frankenstein (1994), hamlet (1996), love's labour's lost (2000), as you like it (2006), sleuth (2007), and thor (2011).
"in a september 2005 interview with 60 minutes after being sent back to cuba, elin claimed that during his stay in the u.s., his family members were ""telling me bad things about my father"", and ""were also telling me to tell him that i did not want to go back to cuba and i always told them i wanted to""."	"in a september 2005 interview with 60 minutes after being sent back to cuba, elin stated that during his stay in the u.s., his family members were ""telling me bad things about my father"", and ""were also telling me to tell him that i did not want to go back to cuba and i always told them i wanted to""."
thai army and police in chiang mai calmly disperse a crowd after protesters had started fires outside the governor's residence, may 19, 2010	thai army and police in chiang mai disperse a crowd after protesters had started fires outside the governor's residence, may 19, 2010
rajeev suri has been appointed chief executive officer of nokia siemens networks, effective october 1, 2009. simon beresford-wylie will step down after successfully leading the companys integration.	rajeev suri has been appointed chief executive officer of nokia siemens networks, effective october 1, 2009. simon beresford-wylie will step down after leading the companys integration.
the change in speed (delta-v) required to match velocity with another planet is surprisingly large.	the change in speed (delta-v) required to match velocity with another planet is large.
byfleet is centrally located close to the a3 & m25, and is located at the foot of the prestigious st georges hill estate, just to the south of weybridge, to the west of cobham and to the east of west byfleet.	byfleet is centrally located close to the a3 & m25, and is located at the foot of the st georges hill estate, just to the south of weybridge, to the west of cobham and to the east of west byfleet.
mohandas karamchand gandhi - religious and peaceful leader	mohandas karamchand gandhi - religious and political leader
margaret hamilton (december 9, 1902 - may 16, 1985) was an american film actress best known for her iconic portrayal of the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.	margaret hamilton (december 9, 1902 - may 16, 1985) was an american film actress best known for her portrayal of the wicked witch of the west in the wizard of oz.
carter v canada (ag) is a landmark supreme court of canada decision where the prohibition of assisted suicide was challenged as contrary to the canadian charter of rights and freedoms by several parties, including the family of kay carter, a woman suffering from degenerative spinal stenosis, and gloria taylor, a woman suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als).	carter v canada (ag) is a supreme court of canada decision where the prohibition of assisted suicide was challenged as contrary to the canadian charter of rights and freedoms by several parties, including the family of kay carter, a woman suffering from degenerative spinal stenosis, and gloria taylor, a woman suffering from amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als).
successful campaigns in which he was involved included pontiac, buick, coca-cola, exxon, nabisco, del monte, nestle.	campaigns in which he was involved included pontiac, buick, coca-cola, exxon, nabisco, del monte, nestle.
when a song is shared, itunes can stream the song but won't save it on the local hard drive, in order to prevent piracy .	when a song is shared, itunes can stream the song but won't save it on the local hard drive, in order to prevent copying .
it is the fifth largest financial centre and is also one of the best dive destinations in the world.	it is the fifth largest financial centre and is also one of the leading tourist dive destinations in the world.
"while ""krakatoa"" is more common in the english-speaking world, krakatau (or krakatao in an older portugese based spelling) tends to be favored by indonesians."	"while ""krakatoa"" is more common in the english-speaking world, krakat 'au' (or krakatao in an older portugese based spelling) tends to be favored by indonesians."
musical role of the bass guitar	musical role of the bass
most maps can only be won with a war of attrition: the player can fortify his/her position and wait until the ai runs out of resources, at which point it tries to get the player's.	most maps can only be won with a war of attrition: the player can fortify their position and wait until the ai runs out of resources, at which point it tries to get the player's.
"the western democracies , the united kingdom and france, notional guarantors of the territorial status quo, stood by until the march 1939 destruction of czechoslovakia, maintaining a policy of ""non-intervention"" while the fascist governments of germany and italy supported the victorious right-wing rebels in their destruction of the soviet supported spanish republic in the spanish civil war of 1936-39."	"the western states , the united kingdom and france, notional guarantors of the territorial status quo, stood by until the march 1939 destruction of czechoslovakia, maintaining a policy of ""non-intervention"" while the fascist governments of germany and italy supported the victorious right-wing rebels in their destruction of the soviet supported spanish republic in the spanish civil war of 1936-39."
june 28 gilda radner, actress, comedienne , saturday night live (died 1989)	june 28 gilda radner, actress, comedian , saturday night live (died 1989)
freeware, which is a category of freedom-restricting proprietary software that does not require payment for basic use.	freeware, which is a category of proprietary software that does not require payment for basic use.
the film successfully completed 100 days theatrical run.	the film completed 100 days theatrical run.
the beautiful lobby of the palmer house.	the lobby of the palmer house.
it was reported on 15 march 2015 that champion had claimed 17 on her parliamentary expenses for a remembrance day wreath she had bought in 2014. the claim was of a type that was not allowed and repayment was being sought but had not been made.	it was reported on 15 march 2015 that champion had billed the taxpayer 17 on her parliamentary expenses for a remembrance day wreath she had bought in 2014. the claim was of a type that was not allowed and repayment was being sought but had not been made.
initially, after his passing , his two daughters, claire and tess mcleod, are reunited to decide the propertys future.	initially, after his death , his two daughters, claire and tess mcleod, are reunited to decide the propertys future.
the central powers' defeat at the dobro pole played a role in the bulgarian withdrawal from the war and opened the way for the subsequent conquest of vardar macedonia.	the central powers' defeat at the dobro pole played a role in the bulgarian withdrawal from the war and opened the way for the subsequent recapture of vardar macedonia.
johnny borrell (born jonathan edward borrell, 4 april 1980, in muswell hill, london, england) is an english singer and guitarist, and the egotistical frontman of the band razorlight.	johnny borrell (born jonathan edward borrell, 4 april 1980, in muswell hill, london, england) is an english singer and guitarist, and the frontman of the band razorlight.
the single edit doesn't contain this peculiar intro.	the single edit doesn't contain this intro.
"much of the media attention ""you get what you give"" received was centred around the infamous closing lyrics;"	"much of the media attention ""you get what you give"" received was centred around the closing lyrics;"
within weeks of the aborted trade, the sharks surpassed ottawa in the league-wide standings, and the senators fell into a slump, including an overtime loss to the sharks, followed by an embarrassing shutout loss to the league-worst los angeles kings.	within weeks of the aborted trade, the sharks surpassed ottawa in the league-wide standings, and the senators fell into a slump, including an overtime loss to the sharks, followed by an shutout loss to the league-worst los angeles kings.
morris began releasing material as irresistible force in 1987 and became involved with the emerging uk acid house scene, working with acts such as the shamen, the orb, spiritualized, and system 7. in the years since he has played in over 30 countries at myriad clubs and raves, including the infamous full moon party in the mojave desert and berlin's love parade.	morris began releasing material as irresistible force in 1987 and became involved with the emerging uk acid house scene, working with acts such as the shamen, the orb, spiritualized, and system 7. in the years since he has played in over 30 countries at myriad clubs and raves, including the full moon party in the mojave desert and berlin's love parade.
mutinies of indian troops serving in the east india company's armies, such as at vellore in 1806, were not unprecedented and there had been previous popular uprisings such as the sannyasi rebellion of the 1780s.	rebellions of indian troops serving in the east india company's armies, such as at vellore in 1806, were not unprecedented and there had been previous popular uprisings such as the sannyasi rebellion of the 1780s.
the spectacular fight scenes have been choreographed by yuen wo ping (better known in the west because of his work in the matrix trilogy).	the fight scenes have been choreographed by yuen wo ping (better known in the west because of his work in the matrix trilogy).
she studied at denver's kit andre performing arts center and acted and sang in numerous performances in her hometown until she graduated from wheat ridge high school in just three years at the age of 16. she then attended marymount manhattan college, where she earned a degree in theater in another three years at the age of 19.	she studied at denver's kit andre performing arts center and acted and sang in numerous performances in her hometown until she graduated from wheat ridge high school in three years at the age of 16. she then attended marymount manhattan college, where she earned a degree in theater in another three years at the age of 19.
turner's light sentencing in the conviction of assault on an unconscious 22-year-old woman behind a dumpster on the stanford campus on january 18, 2015, made national and international news.	turner's six-month sentencing in the conviction of assault on an unconscious 22-year-old woman behind a dumpster on the stanford campus on january 18, 2015, made national and international news.
many people believe the wreckage was of a crashed alien craft and that the military covered up the craft's recovery.	many ufo proponents believe the wreckage was of a crashed alien craft and that the military covered up the craft's recovery.
speaking in july 2008 to noted uk r&b writer pete lewis of the award-winning magazine blues & soul, cilmi explained the meaning behind the album title:	speaking in july 2008 to noted uk r&b writer pete lewis of the magazine blues & soul, cilmi explained the meaning behind the album title:
tui is a proud sponsor of wairarapa bush, taranaki and hawkes bay rugby teams as well as super 14 rugby teams canterbury crusaders, auckland blues and the wellington hurricanes.	tui is a sponsor of wairarapa bush, taranaki and hawkes bay rugby teams as well as super 14 rugby teams canterbury crusaders, auckland blues and the wellington hurricanes.
during the 2012 republican presidential primary debates, texas congressman ron paul stated that the reason why iran has resorted to becoming a theocratic dictatorship was because of the cia backed coup in 1953.	during the 2012 republican presidential primary debates, texas congressman ron paul pointed that the reason why iran has resorted to becoming a theocratic dictatorship was because of the cia backed coup in 1953.
jeff healy is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by leslie schofield.	jeff healy is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by leslie schofield.
raf tornado aircraft bombed a military bunker in sirte with precision guided missiles, in an attempt to destroy the regimes remaining command and control capabilities, ahead of the rebels planned offensive on the city.	raf tornado aircraft bombed a military bunker in sirte with precision guided missiles, in an attempt to destroy the government's remaining command and control capabilities, ahead of the rebels planned offensive on the city.
oliver soward meng, renowned bridge consultant (ex-ceo of taylor woodrow)	oliver soward meng, bridge consultant (ex-ceo of taylor woodrow)
the whore is associated with the antichrist and the beast of revelation by connection with an equally allegorical kingdom.	the whore is associated with the antichrist and the beast of revelation by connection with an equally kingdom.
the band has featured an impressive array of musicians:	the band has featured an array of musicians:
"the nkvd presented a fully sanitized version of the slave labor camps in magadan and kolyma to their naive american guests, convinced them that all the work was done by volunteers, charmed them with entertainment, and left their guests impressed with the ""development"" of siberia and the spirit of the ""volunteers""."	"the nkvd presented a fully sanitized version of the slave labor camps in magadan and kolyma to their american guests, convinced them that all the work was done by volunteers, charmed them with entertainment, and left their guests impressed with the ""development"" of siberia and the spirit of the ""volunteers""."
the ira found some popular support in the republic of ireland in the early 70s.	the ira enjoyed some popular support in the republic of ireland in the early 70s.
varmint hunters may hunt to protect their own property, for a bounty offered by another landowner or the government, or simply for amusement.	varmint hunters may hunt to exterminate a nuisance animal from their own property, for a bounty offered by another landowner or the government, or simply for amusement.
mcmahon was convicted of killing lord mountbatten of burma and three others at mullaghmore, county sligo, ireland.	mcmahon was convicted of murdering lord mountbatten of burma and three others at mullaghmore, county sligo, ireland.
"after killing everbody that got in its path, the ""doomtrooper"" was finally killed in the end after being injected with a overdose of the blue radition used to create it in the first place."	"after killing everbody that got in its path, the ""doomtrooper"" was finally killed in the end after being injected with a overdose of the blue radiation used to create it in the first place."
"in june of 2004, the god in charge of e2, ""dem bones"", announced his vision for the new e2, which will be implemented as soon as a coder is found to implement them."	"in june of 2004, the anonymous person in charge of e2, ""dem bones"", announced his vision for the new e2, which will be implemented as soon as a coder is found to implement them."
it is strongly implied that ireland and the isle of man have avoided any major outbreaks, as the pope and members of the british royal family had fled there.	it is strongly implied that ireland and the isle of man have avoided any major outbreaks, as the pope and members of the commonwealth realms' royal family had fled there.
the charity currently supports around 100,000 people in the region through dynamic programmes aimed at finding long-term solutions to poverty.	the charity currently supports around 100,000 people in the region through programmes aimed at finding long-term solutions to poverty.
the trinity area with its four subunits: lewiston lake, trinity dam, stuart fork and north lake areas have endless opportunities for recreation from great trout fishing in lewiston lake, to scenic driving along trinity heritage national scenic byway, to picturesque picnicking.	the trinity area with its four subunits: lewiston lake, trinity dam, stuart fork and north lake areas have many opportunities for recreation from great trout fishing in lewiston lake, to scenic driving along trinity heritage national scenic byway, to picturesque picnicking.
most modern motorcycles (excepting scooters) change gears (of which they will increasingly have five or six) by foot lever.	most modern motorcycles (excepting scooters) change gears (of which they increasingly have five or six) by foot lever.
the current leader of baps is pramukh swami maharaj .	the current leader of baps is pramukh swami.
typical examples include a farm lobby that seeks tariff protection or an entertainment lobby that seeks expansion of the scope of copyright.	often-cited examples include a farm lobby that seeks tariff protection or an entertainment lobby that seeks expansion of the scope of copyright.
"the organization media matters for america, a left-leaning media research center, has highlighted her july 12, 2005 statement that there was ""definitely a major smear campaign going on"" against white house adviser karl rove."	"the organization media matters for america, a media research center, has highlighted her july 12, 2005 statement that there was ""definitely a major smear campaign going on"" against white house adviser karl rove."
campbell river enjoys a warm-summer mediterranean climate (kppen climate classification) csb.	campbell river has a warm-summer mediterranean climate (kppen climate classification) csb.
margaret cho (american actress, author and comedienne )	margaret cho (american actress, author and comedian )
1940 - roderick wright, disgraced scottish bishop (d. 2005)	1940 - roderick wright, ex- scottish bishop (d. 2005)
beautifully painted buildings in old town tallinn	colorfully painted buildings in old town tallinn
scottish independence is a political ambition of political parties, advocacy groups and individuals for scotland, which is a country of the united kingdom, to become an independent sovereign state.	scottish independence is a political aim of political parties, advocacy groups and individuals for scotland, which is a country of the united kingdom, to become an independent sovereign state.
as the leader of iraq and head of the baath party, he espoused secular pan-arabism, economic modernization, and arab socialism at the same time that he practiced one-party rule, censorship, and violent repressions, especially against iraq's shia, kurdish and marsh arab populations.	as the leader of iraq and head of the baath party, he promoted secular pan-arabism, economic modernization, and arab socialism at the same time that he practiced one-party rule, censorship, and violent repressions, especially against iraq's shia, kurdish and marsh arab populations.
peter furhring, a leading specialist in the history of ornament, says that (also in a french context): the ornament known as moresque in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries (but now more commonly called arabesque) is characterized by bifurcated scrolls composed of branches forming interlaced foliage patterns.	peter furhring, a specialist in the history of ornament, says that (also in a french context): the ornament known as moresque in the fifteenth and sixteenth centuries (but now more commonly called arabesque) is characterized by bifurcated scrolls composed of branches forming interlaced foliage patterns.
wkd original vodka, an booze	wkd original vodka, an alcoholic beverage
the coat of arms of the falkland islands /malvinas were granted on september 29, 1948.	the coat of arms of the falkland islands were granted on september 29, 1948.
john keith stanford (1892-1971) obe, mc, was a notable british writer of the mid 20th century.	john keith stanford (1892-1971) obe, mc, was a british writer of the mid 20th century.
under tito, yugoslavia adopted a policy of neutrality in the cold war.	under tito, yugoslavia adopted a policy of nonalignment in the cold war.
hedonistic imperative, a moral philosophy based upon the obligation to use technology to eliminate suffering in all sentient life.	hedonistic imperative, a moral philosophy based upon a perceived obligation to use technology to eliminate suffering in all sentient life.
there is a newly renovated matraville hotel and the matraville rsl both offering excellent contemporary australian cuisine as well as live entertainment.	there is a newly renovated matraville hotel and the matraville rsl both offering contemporary australian cuisine as well as live entertainment.
eve marie carson (november 19, 1985 – march 5, 2008) was a student leader at the university of north carolina at chapel hill, where she served as student body president and a member of the board of trustees, and was a recipient of the prestigious morehead-cain scholarship.	eve marie carson (november 19, 1985 – march 5, 2008) was a student leader at the university of north carolina at chapel hill, where she served as student body president and a member of the board of trustees, and was a recipient of the morehead-cain scholarship.
tchky karyo (born october 4, 1953) is a popular french actor.	tchky karyo (born october 4, 1953) is a french actor.
on nov 22, 2009, pakistan government released the limited list of beneficiaries of notorious legal act called national reconciliation ordinance which granted amnesty to politicians, political workers and bureaucrats who were accused of corruption, embezzlement, money-laundering, murder and terrorism between 1 january 1986 and october 12, 1999, the time between two martial laws.	on nov 22, 2009, pakistan government released the limited list of beneficiaries of legal act called national reconciliation ordinance which granted amnesty to politicians, political workers and bureaucrats who were accused of corruption, embezzlement, money-laundering, murder and terrorism between 1 january 1986 and october 12, 1999, the time between two martial laws.
hotmail, for example, incorrectly refuses to send mail to any address containing any of the following legitimate characters: !	hotmail, for example, refuses to send mail to any address containing any of the following legitimate characters: !
lee was unfairly dismissed by the other band members.	lee was dismissed by the other band members.
goss resigned as director of the cia on may 5 2006, in a white house news conference from the oval office with president /murderer george w. bush.	goss resigned as director of the cia on may 5 2006, in a white house news conference from the oval office with president george w. bush.
otis o'neal horsley, jr. (born 1944) is a militant anti-abortionist famed for producing a website which listed all the doctors who perform abortion in the united states.	otis o'neal horsley, jr. (born 1944) is a militant anti-abortionist known for producing a website which listed all the doctors who perform abortion in the united states.
it is hard to deny that this travesty , which they call adders-and-ladders, involves more skill than does the original game.	it is hard to deny that this version , which they call adders-and-ladders, involves more skill than does the original game.
the baroque beatles book is a novelty record album created by the american keyboardist and conductor joshua rifkin.	the baroque beatles book is a record album created by the american keyboardist and conductor joshua rifkin.
the second volume of hitler's programmatic mein kampf (which first appeared in 1926) called for lebensraum (living space for the german nation) in the east (mentioning russia specifically), and presented the communists as jews destroying a great nation (see also jewish bolshevism).	the second volume of hitler's programmatic mein kampf (which first appeared in 1926) called for lebensraum (living space for the german nation) in the east (mentioning russia specifically), and in his parochial prejudice portrayed the communists as jews destroying a great nation (see also jewish bolshevism).
they compare the institutes to similar european programs such as the goethe institutes, alliances francaises or cervantes institutes.	they compare the institutes to european programs such as the goethe institutes, alliances francaises or cervantes institutes.
hitler's war is a history book by david irving.	hitler's war is a biographical book by david irving.
don't drink the water was the band's first single off the album and was quite successful on the radio, and was also the first of three music videos that were made for this album.	don't drink the water was the band's first single off the album and was successful on the radio, and was also the first of three music videos that were made for this album.
thorsen met the beautiful swedish athlete anniqua fors at a bodybuilding competition in 1980, and they were married in 1982. fors is also famous as a snake-charmer and folk-singer.	thorsen met the swedish athlete anniqua fors at a bodybuilding competition in 1980, and they were married in 1982. fors is also famous as a snake-charmer and folk-singer.
they asked specifically who had written these books: according to tradition their author was moses, but these critics found contradictions and inconsistencies in the text that, they claimed , made mosaic authorship improbable.	they asked specifically who had written these books: according to tradition their author was moses, but these critics found contradictions and inconsistencies in the text that, they concluded , made mosaic authorship improbable.
one reason the risk factor for abusing drugs in cannabis users is higher is because few people try hard drugs prior to trying cannabis, not because cannabis users increasingly try hard drugs such as amphetamines.	one reason the risk factor for using drugs in cannabis users is higher is because few people try hard drugs prior to trying cannabis, not because cannabis users increasingly try hard drugs such as amphetamines.
kristen schaal (born 1978), american comedienne	kristen schaal (born 1978), american comedian
the church of christ, scientist, often known as the christian science church, is a christian denomination that arose in new england in the late nineteenth century.	the church of christ, scientist, often known as the christian science church, is a denomination that arose in new england in the late nineteenth century.
confused and panicked, the rebels began to withdraw across the big black river on two bridges: the railroad bridge and the steamboat dot, used as a bridge across the river.	confused and panicked, the confederates began to withdraw across the big black river on two bridges: the railroad bridge and the steamboat dot, used as a bridge across the river.
however, it was harding's support for women's suffrage in the senate that made him extremely popular with women: the ratification of the 19th amendment in august 1920 brought huge crowds of women to marion, ohio to hear harding.	however, it was harding's support for women's suffrage in the senate that made him popular with women: the ratification of the 19th amendment in august 1920 brought huge crowds of women to marion, ohio to hear harding.
hollywood pilot frank tallman famously flew a beechcraft model 18 through a billboard in the 1963 chase epic it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world.	hollywood pilot frank tallman flew a beechcraft model 18 through a billboard in the 1963 chase epic it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world.
recently, a player has had some success in unlocking these higher resolutions, but running the game at these higher resolutions will unfortunately prevent text (and cutscenes, if the 640x480 mapping is over-ridden) from being properly centered on screen.	recently, a player has had some success in unlocking these higher resolutions, but running the game at these higher resolutions will prevent text (and cutscenes, if the 640x480 mapping is over-ridden) from being properly centered on screen.
further biographical information of former directors and eminent mba scientists	further biographical information of former directors and mba scientists
gregoire's election to the office in 2004 was notable for her historically slim margin of victory over republican dino rossi, who had appeared to defeat gregoire until a controversial second recount of votes reversed the outcome in her favor.	gregoire's election to the office in 2004 was notable for her historically slim margin of victory over republican dino rossi, who had appeared to defeat gregoire until a second recount of votes reversed the outcome in her favor.
one of the events which is marked on this day is the supposed beginning of the imamate of the 12th twelver sha imm, al-hujjah ibn al-hasan, though highly disputed among several twelver sha sects, such as the ism'l and zayd sh' sects, who each believe in a different number of imms and, for the most part, a different path of succession regarding the immate.	one of the events which is marked on this day is the believed beginning of the imamate of the 12th twelver sha imm, al-hujjah ibn al-hasan, though highly disputed among several twelver sha sects, such as the ism'l and zayd sh' sects, who each believe in a different number of imms and, for the most part, a different path of succession regarding the immate.
time slave is a 1975 hybrid of historical fiction and science fiction by reactionary philosopher john norman.	time slave is a 1975 hybrid of historical fiction and science fiction by philosopher john norman.
it could also be argued that people with inherent disadvantages to finding employment (such as a disability, a speech impediment, or being of an ethnic minority) are unfairly punished for issues that are out of their control.	it could also be argued that people with inherent disadvantages to finding employment (such as a disability, a speech impediment, or being of an ethnic minority) are punished for issues that are out of their control.
"a is for activist has received national acclaim for its ""progressive message which has made its way into material aimed at little ones"" in a particularly unique and straightforward manner."	"a is for activist has received acclaim for its ""progressive message which has made its way into material aimed at little ones"" in a particularly unique and straightforward manner."
while millionaires constitute only a small percentage of the population, they hold vast control over economic resources with the most powerful and prominent individuals usually ranking among them.	while millionaires constitute only a small percentage of the population, they hold substantial control over economic resources with the most powerful and prominent individuals usually ranking among them.
education is now caught between traditional teaching views and the choice to integrate multimodality in the classroom.	education is now caught between pre-multimodality teaching views and the choice to integrate multimodality in the classroom.
philip cortelyou johnson (july 8, 1906 – january 25, 2005) was an influential american architect.	philip cortelyou johnson (july 8, 1906 – january 25, 2005) was an american architect.
a contract dispute with the dolphins led him to sign with the montreal alouettes, who, under the misguided ownership of nelson skalbania, tried to buy a big money winning team.	a contract dispute with the dolphins led him to sign with the montreal alouettes, who, under the ownership of nelson skalbania, tried to buy a big money winning team.
"his long-term legacy is hard to judge, as advances he made in civil rights and his ""great society"" were offset by the vietnam war."	"his long-term legacy is hard to judge, as advances he made in civil rights and his ""great society"" are claimed by some to be offset by the vietnam war."
irfanullah khan marwat, a renowned politician based in karachi.	irfanullah khan marwat, a politician based in karachi.
in early 2010, the paper was rejuvenated .	in early 2010, the paper was restyled .
at the the time of glennon's entry into the game, the bucs already trailed 35-0. glennon preformed extremely well, completing 17 of 24 passes for 121 yards, 1 touchdown, and no interceptions.	at the the time of glennon's entry into the game, the bucs already trailed 35-0. glennon preformed well, completing 17 of 24 passes for 121 yards, 1 touchdown, and no interceptions.
"the hardline iranian newspaper jomhuri-ye eslami subsequently adopted the language in reference to the shia insurgency in iraq, writing in 2004 that ""if the line of iraq's shi'is needs to be linked, united and consolidated, this unity should be realized on the axis of resistance and struggle against the occupiers."""	"the iranian newspaper jomhuri-ye eslami subsequently adopted the language in reference to the shia insurgency in iraq, writing in 2004 that ""if the line of iraq's shi'is needs to be linked, united and consolidated, this unity should be realized on the axis of resistance and struggle against the occupiers."""
"lena khalaf tuffaha, writing for the institute for middle east understanding, argued that carter's book ""eloquently describes the situation in the west bank and gaza strip ... his book challenges americans to see the conflict with eyes wide open."""	"lena khalaf tuffaha, writing for the institute for middle east understanding, wrote that carter's book ""eloquently describes the situation in the west bank and gaza strip ... his book challenges americans to see the conflict with eyes wide open."""
the affidavit was filed in response to a petition filed by thejas, mouthpiece of pfi in the state, challenging the refusal of the government to give government advertisements to the daily.	the affidavit was filed in response to a petition filed by thejas, spokesperson of pfi in the state, challenging the refusal of the government to give government advertisements to the daily.
there follows a lovely semi-montage sequence of alexander in the machine, gliding past 1905...1919...1924, and so on, but as he moves forward in time, the camera moves back in space, showing propeller planes whirring over erecting scaffolding, jet planes soaring over skyscraper-laden new york, high-tech weather balloons transmitting signals to the eastern seaboard, space stations hovering over the earth, and finally, we zoom out to the moon, where we see rockets heading toward bases.	there follows a semi-montage sequence of alexander in the machine, gliding past 1905...1919...1924, and so on, but as he moves forward in time, the camera moves back in space, showing propeller planes whirring over erecting scaffolding, jet planes soaring over skyscraper-laden new york, high-tech weather balloons transmitting signals to the eastern seaboard, space stations hovering over the earth, and finally, we zoom out to the moon, where we see rockets heading toward bases.
the existence of two national assessment programs long-term trend naep and main naep makes it possible to meet two important objectives: 1) measure student progress over time, and 2) as educational priorities change, develop new assessment instruments that reflect current educational content and assessment methodology.	the existence of two national assessment programs long-term trend naep and main naep makes it possible to meet two objectives: 1) measure student progress over time, and 2) as educational priorities change, develop new assessment instruments that reflect current educational content and assessment methodology.
most predictions from such figures as nostradamus and james van praagh are deliberately written in a such a vague and ambiguous way as to make interpretation nearly impossible before the event, rendering them useless as predictive tools.	most predictions from such figures as nostradamus and james van praagh are written in a such a vague and ambiguous way as to make interpretation nearly impossible before the event, rendering them useless as predictive tools.
in most societies a few people are outrageously rich, a small number very rich, most people in the middle or poor.	in most societies a few people are extraordinarily rich, a small number very rich, most people in the middle or poor.
nenshi decided that the facility would address the need to provide a permanent venue for the distinguished academy.	nenshi decided that the facility would address the need to provide a permanent venue for the academy.
others are used to encourage reverence for the holy bible or to celebrate christian practices such as the eucharist or baptism.	others are used to encourage reverence for the bible or to celebrate christian practices such as the eucharist or baptism.
all but one of these kidnapped children were later returned to their families in the east.	all but one of these children were later returned to their families in the east.
note: three tornadoes in canada were rated according to the old fujita scale, but are included in the chart below using their number rated.	note: three tornadoes in canada were rated according to the original fujita scale, but are included in the chart below using their number rated.
since it had a territorial dispute with chile regarding the region of patagonia, and was also wary of chilean expansion , its entry in the war seemed possible and would have provided an advantage to the allies.	since it had a territorial dispute with chile regarding the region of patagonia, and was also wary of chilean position , its entry in the war seemed possible and would have provided an advantage to the allies.
oasis' debut album, definitely maybe (1994), marked the beginning of the band's rise to fame as head of the britpop movement.	oasis' debut album, definitely maybe (1994), marked the beginning of the band's rise to fame as part of the britpop movement.
on february 5, 2003, anti-tax crusader ted costa announced a plan to start a petition drive to recall davis.	on february 5, 2003, anti-tax activist ted costa announced a plan to start a petition drive to recall davis.
as a non-profit organization, frc is completely dependent on donations from faithful supporters.	as a non-profit organization, frc is completely dependent on donations from supporters.
clarkson has also made numerous controversial remarks on have i got news for you.	clarkson has also made numerous memorable remarks on have i got news for you.
finally, in june 2013, inslee signed a $33.6 billion budget to which both houses had reluctantly agreed as a compromise.	finally, in june 2013, inslee signed a $33.6 billion budget to which both houses had agreed as a compromise.
the medical community remains entirely unconvinced of the movement's claims that alleged uncoerced adult-child sexual contact is generally harmless.	the medical community remains entirely unconvinced of the movement's claims that alleged uncoerced adult-child sexual contact is in any way harmless.
brandon regional library is a two-story library in brandon which caters to the communities of brandon, valrico, and lithia.	brandon regional library is a two-story library in brandon that caters to the communities of brandon, valrico, and lithia.
the campus is located near lake norman, in the wondeful town of davidson, north carolina (pop.	the campus is located near lake norman, in the town of davidson, north carolina (pop.
"the campaign was successful in totalling changing the psychology of the swedish people: the swedish population was convinced of the ""present danger"" posed by the desired enemy, the soviet union, and was thus prepared for war against it."	"the campaign was successful in changing the psychology of the swedish people: the swedish population was convinced of the ""present danger"" posed by the desired enemy, the soviet union, and was thus prepared for war against it."
the importance of a study of naplan for pre-service primary teachers	the relevance of a study of naplan for pre-service primary teachers
attacked in the mekong delta in transit between can tho to vung tau on the 5 january 1969, the ship was hit by three b40 rpg rockets but luckily received no casualties.	attacked in the mekong delta in transit between can tho to vung tau on the 5 january 1969, the ship was hit by three b40 rpg rockets but received no casualties.
michael joseph jackson (born august 29, 1958) is an american musician, entertainer and pop icon, whose legendary music career and controversial personal life have been a part of pop culture for the last quarter-century.	michael joseph jackson (born august 29, 1958) is an american musician, entertainer and pop icon, whose music career and controversial personal life have been a part of pop culture for the last quarter-century.
she has continued to post impressive results since, dropping beneath 80 percent of the vote only four times.	she has continued to post landslide results since, dropping beneath 80 percent of the vote only four times.
"in 2014 day's novelette, ""opera vita aeterna"", was a finalist for the hugo award for best novelette, as a direct result of larry correia's ""sad puppies"" ballot-manipulation campaign."	"in 2014 day's novelette, ""opera vita aeterna"", was a finalist for the hugo award for best novelette, as a direct result of larry correia's ""sad puppies"" campaign."
18351850) was a notable new zealand mori tohunga.	18351850) was a new zealand mori tohunga.
his eldest son john foot is an academic and writer, matt foot is a leading lawyer, tom foot is a journalist while kate foot is at school (2011).	his eldest son john foot is an academic and writer, matt foot is a lawyer, tom foot is a journalist while kate foot is at school (2011).
women at in bin ph	civilians at in bin ph
the theory of positive disintegration (tpd) by kazimierz dabrowski describes a fringe theory of personality and personality development.	the theory of positive disintegration (tpd) by kazimierz dabrowski describes a theory of personality and personality development.
liverpool's biggest rivalry is with fellow merseyside team everton, against whom they contest the merseyside derby.	liverpool's longest standing rivalry is with fellow merseyside team everton, against whom they contest the merseyside derby.
phil and lil are identical twins who are alike in every possible way.	phil and lil are twins who are alike in every possible way.
by 1962, carthage had established its lakeshore campus in kenosha, wis., and the college launched an era of exciting growth.	by 1962, carthage had established its lakeshore campus in kenosha, wis., and the college launched an era of growth.
"psylocke (also known as elizabeth ""betsy"" braddock) is a fictional character and superheroine depicted in comic books published by marvel comics, most notably those featuring the superhero team x-men."	"psylocke (also known as elizabeth ""betsy"" braddock) is a fictional character and superhero depicted in comic books published by marvel comics, most notably those featuring the superhero team x-men."
one of his famous fatwas is his edict on the interest given to a muslim by a non-muslim:	one of his fatwas is his edict on the interest given to a muslim by a non-muslim:
"her most important essay is ""the ontology of performance,"" originally published in unmarked: the politics of performance (1993)."	"her most widely recognized essay is ""the ontology of performance,"" originally published in unmarked: the politics of performance (1993)."
in 2001, when the plant was scheduled to reopen, many local residents were concerned about the proximity to calvert cliffs nuclear power plant ( only 3 miles), and the damage that could be caused by an attack or an explosion at the plant.	in 2001, when the plant was scheduled to reopen, many local residents were concerned about the proximity to calvert cliffs nuclear power plant (3 miles), and the damage that could be caused by an attack or an explosion at the plant.
jean mcconville (ne murray; 7 may 1934 december 1972) was a woman from belfast, northern ireland, who was kidnapped, and shot dead by the provisional ira and secretly buried in county louth in the republic of ireland in 1972. she was wrongly accused by the ira of passing information to british forces.	jean mcconville (ne murray; 7 may 1934 december 1972) was a woman from belfast, northern ireland, who was kidnapped, and shot dead by the provisional ira and secretly buried in county louth in the republic of ireland in 1972. she was accused by the ira of passing information to british forces.
january 28 - johannes hevelius, polish astronomer (b.	january 28 - johannes hevelius, astronomer (b.
the player on the game cover is portuguese national and manchester united superstar cristiano ronaldo.	the player on the game cover is portuguese national and manchester united winger cristiano ronaldo.
he is the son of esteemed dramatic vocal trainer kristin linklater.	he is the son of dramatic vocal trainer kristin linklater.
they discouraged polygamy and divorce.	it discouraged polygamy and divorce.
in march 1913, during the first balkan war, the greek army liberated ioannina after breaching the ottoman fortifications at bizani, and soon afterwards advanced further north.	in march 1913, during the first balkan war, the greek army captured ioannina after breaching the ottoman fortifications at bizani, and soon afterwards advanced further north.
"many christian ministries take the position that jahbulon is a the name of a masonic pagan god, and therefore violates the second commandment ""you shall have no other gods before me""."	"certain christian ministries take the position that jahbulon is a the name of a masonic pagan god, and therefore violates the second commandment ""you shall have no other gods before me""."
nafahat-ul ijaz (the fragrance of miracles), in defence of the noble qur'an.	nafahat-ul ijaz (the fragrance of miracles), in defence of the qur'an.
cles is referred to in fragment 132 with the aeolic word pais, which can as easily indicate a slave or any young girl as an offspring.	cles is referred to in fragment 132 with the aeolic word pais, which can as easily indicate a slave or any young person as an offspring.
moody's daughter, mrs. mary moody northen, owned the hotel until her passing in 1986, following which the trustees of her estate established a foundation known as the mary moody northen endowment, which presently maintains and operates the resort.	moody's daughter, mrs. mary moody northen, owned the hotel until her death in 1986, following which the trustees of her estate established a foundation known as the mary moody northen endowment, which presently maintains and operates the resort.
the gouden griffel (golden pen) is an important award given to authors of children's or teenager's literature in the netherlands.	the gouden griffel (golden pen) is an award given to authors of children's or teenager's literature in the netherlands.
idf forces near beit natif (near hebron) after it was occupied .	idf forces near beit natif (near hebron) after it was captured .
calvary (golgotha) is the english-language name given to the hill on which jesus was supposedly crucified.	calvary (golgotha) is the english-language name given to the hill on which jesus was crucified.
on march 30, 2010, it was announced that program director bill gamble abruptly left cbs in chicago.	on march 30, 2010, it was announced that program director bill gamble left cbs in chicago.
"this memo, which he has since attempted to downplay, made him infamous in the anti-globalization movement as a symbol of ""the arrogant ignorance of many conventional 'economists' concerning the nature of the world we live in"" (then-brazilian secretary of the environment jose lutzenburger)."	"this memo, which he has since attempted to downplay, made him known in the anti-globalization movement as a symbol of ""the arrogant ignorance of many conventional 'economists' concerning the nature of the world we live in"" (then-brazilian secretary of the environment jose lutzenburger)."
the attacks of september 11, 2001, were a series of coordinated terrorist attacks against the united states on september 11, 2001. members of the al-qaida militant islamic group hijacked four aircraft.	the attacks of september 11, 2001, were a series of coordinated attacks against the united states on september 11, 2001. members of the al-qaida militant islamic group hijacked four aircraft.
in 2016, kaepernick controversially chose not to stand up while the united states national anthem was being played before the start of nfl games as was tradition.	in 2016, kaepernick chose not to stand up while the united states national anthem was being played before the start of nfl games as was tradition.
"supporters of the standard model read miller to support the right of individuals privately to possess and bear their own firearms, while supporters of the states' right model read miller as endorsing the view that the second amendment exists specifically to ""assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness"" of the militia."	"supporters of the individual rights model read miller to support the right of individuals privately to possess and bear their own firearms, while supporters of the states' right model read miller as endorsing the view that the second amendment exists specifically to ""assure the continuation and render possible the effectiveness"" of the militia."
those who disagreed with expedient political compromises made during the interregnum , went back to the army's own declarations during the wars, to republican pamphlets like those produced by john lilburne, marchamont needham and john milton.	those who disagreed with expedient political compromises made during the period of the commonwealth , went back to the army's own declarations during the wars, to republican pamphlets like those produced by john lilburne, marchamont needham and john milton.
in 1740 there was an invasion scare when it was believed that a french fleet at brest and a spanish fleet at ferroll were about to combine and launch an invasion attempt on britain itself.	in 1740 there was an invasion scare when it was believed that a french fleet at brest and a spanish fleet at ferrol, spain were about to combine and launch an invasion attempt on britain itself.
"commercial pressure encouraged carelessly breeding ever larger dogs until ""the dogs became so gross that they had difficulties in getting from one end of a show ring to another""."	"commercial pressure encouraged breeding ever larger dogs until ""the dogs became so gross that they had difficulties in getting from one end of a show ring to another""."
"the term ""the new anti-semitism"" has been used against elements of the left, particularly those opposed to or critical of zionism."	"the term ""the new anti-semitism"" has been used to describe elements of the left, particularly those opposed to or critical of zionism."
overall, the monkey wrench gang is a fairly depressing but extremely inspirational fictional work.	overall, the monkey wrench gang is a fairly depressing but -- especially for some environmental activists -- inspirational fictional work.
while the nation of gods and earths is commonly mistaken as an organization, an institution, a religion and/or even a gang, representatives of the nation teach that it is a way of living.	while the nation of gods and earths is commonly characterized as an organization, an institution, a religion and/or even a gang, representatives of the nation teach that it is a way of living.
ireland's all-international mike finn takes a spectacular mark over a pack of south african opponents in the 2008 afl international cup	ireland's all-international mike finn takes a mark over a pack of south african opponents in the 2008 afl international cup
"in 2016, musk gave a speech at the international astronautical congress, where he explained that the us government regulates rocket technology as an ""advanced weapon technology"", unfortunately making it prohibitively difficult to hire non-americans."	"in 2016, musk gave a speech at the international astronautical congress, where he explained that the us government regulates rocket technology as an ""advanced weapon technology"", making it prohibitively difficult to hire non-americans."
"they scored a massive international hit in 1986 with their inspired cover of norman greenbaum's in the sky""."	"they scored a massive international hit in 1986 with their cover of norman greenbaum's in the sky""."
"robert spencer, a right-wing scholar, columnist, and specialist on islam and jihad, referred to haq as a ""jihadist killer""."	"robert spencer, a scholar, columnist, and specialist on islam and jihad, referred to haq as a ""jihadist killer""."
it is just one of the many fascinating exhibits at tucker tower nature center.	it is just one of the many exhibits at tucker tower nature center.
citytv - a system of intensely- local stations which focus on movies and niche-appeal programs in primetime; owned by chum limited	citytv - a system of local stations which focus on movies and niche-appeal programs in primetime; owned by chum limited
anand krishna was born on november 12, 1925 into a venerable family of varanasithat traced its lineage to patani mall whose forebears served as diwans to moghul courts and british east india company.	anand krishna was born on november 12, 1925 into a family of varanasithat traced its lineage to patani mall whose forebears served as diwans to moghul courts and british east india company.
these are the only two shots for which any physical evidence has ever been found hitting kennedy, connally and the limosine despite wild unproven conspiracy theories of multiple assassins firing multiple times from multiple places.	these are the only two shots for which any physical evidence has ever been found hitting kennedy, connally and the limosine despite unproven conspiracy theories of multiple assassins firing multiple times from multiple places.
according to fringe author richard noone in his book 5/5/2000, a great pyramid feasibility study relating to the quarrying of the stone was performed at his request in 1978 by merle booker, technical director of the indiana limestone institute of america.	according to author richard noone in his book 5/5/2000, a great pyramid feasibility study relating to the quarrying of the stone was performed at his request in 1978 by merle booker, technical director of the indiana limestone institute of america.
a co-founder of the izzedine al-qassam brigades, the paramilitary wing of the islamist palestinian militant group hamas, al-mabhouh was wanted by israel for the kidnapping and murder of two israeli soldiers in 1989, which is cited as a possible motive for the killing.	a co-founder of the izzedine al-qassam brigades, the paramilitary wing of the islamist palestinian militant group hamas, al-mabhouh was wanted by israel for the kidnapping and killing of two israeli soldiers in 1989, which is cited as a possible motive for the killing.
jonathan silver scott (born april 28, 1978) is a popular reality television personality who mostly appears with his identical twin brother, drew scott, and is also known as an illusionist, and tv and film producer.	jonathan silver scott (born april 28, 1978) is a reality television personality who mostly appears with his identical twin brother, drew scott, and is also known as an illusionist, and tv and film producer.
in 1996 and in 2002 the town was the centre of a scandal regarding the attempts of local moldovan inhabitants to use romanian language and latin script in the moldovan school, which is against the policy of separatist government of transnistria.	in 1996 and in 2002 the town was the centre of a scandal regarding the attempts of local moldovan inhabitants to use romanian language and latin script in the moldovan school, which is against the policy of the government of transnistria.
during the 2010/2011 season they managed to finish a much improved 2nd in the neath premier league and also reached the west wales cup semi-final at stebonheath park but unfortunately lost 2-1.	during the 2010/2011 season they managed to finish a much improved 2nd in the neath premier league and also reached the west wales cup semi-final at stebonheath park but lost 2-1.
network neutrality regulations are opposed by many of the internet's most distinguished engineers, such as professor david farber and dr. bob kahn.	network neutrality regulations are opposed by many of the internet's most distinguished engineers, such as professor david farber and tcp inventor bob kahn .
seconds later, simon hit hollweg in the face , with a two-handed baseball-like swing of his hockey stick.	seconds later, simon hit hollweg in the face , with a two-handed swing of his hockey stick.
wearing the afl patch, the chiefs went out and horse-rattled the vikings 23-7.	wearing the afl patch, the chiefs went out and defeated the vikings 23-7.
"rickman was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2004 and spent most of that year at her brooklyn, ny home or in treatment at the memorial sloan kettering hospital in new york city, until her passing in january 2005. in her memory, democracy now — the pacifica radio nationally-syndicated radio and tv show rickman was once an interm music coordinator for — played an excerpt of ""romero"" off the 1999 cd sing it down."	"rickman was diagnosed with ovarian cancer in 2004 and spent most of that year at her brooklyn, ny home or in treatment at the memorial sloan kettering hospital in new york city, until her death in january 2005. in her memory, democracy now — the pacifica radio nationally-syndicated radio and tv show rickman was once an interm music coordinator for — played an excerpt of ""romero"" off the 1999 cd sing it down."
according to early reviews, hathaway and most of the rest of the cast appear nude and engage in simulated sex in several segments of the raunchy film, although it remains to be seen whether these elements of the film will remain intact for general release.	according to early reviews, hathaway and most of the rest of the cast appear nude and engage in simulated sex in several segments of the film, although it remains to be seen whether these elements of the film will remain intact for general release.
his next film, memorias del subdesarrollo (memories of underdevelopment) (1968) is undoubtedly gutirrezs masterwork.	his next film, memorias del subdesarrollo (memories of underdevelopment) (1968) is often considered as gutirrezs masterwork.
meir david kahane (; august 1, 1932 november 5, 1990) was a controversial american-israeli rabbi, ultra-zionist political figure, and writer, whose work became either the direct or indirect foundation of most modern jewish militant and extreme right-wing political groups.	meir david kahane (; august 1, 1932 november 5, 1990) was a american-israeli rabbi, ultra-zionist political figure, and writer, whose work became either the direct or indirect foundation of most modern jewish militant and extreme right-wing political groups.
khojali (azerbaijani: xocal), also called khojaly, is a town and a rayon in the nagorno-karabakh region of azerbaijan, now under the occupation of ethnically armenian separatists.	khojali (azerbaijani: xocal), also called khojaly, is a town and a rayon in the nagorno-karabakh region of azerbaijan, now under the control of ethnically armenian separatists.
fort battleford was the sixth north-west mounted police fort to be established in the northwest territories of canada, and played a central role in the events of the north-west rebellion / resistance of 1885. it was there when chief poundmaker was arrested, and when six cree and two stoney men were hanged for their participation in the frog lake massacre and other slaughters .	fort battleford was the sixth north-west mounted police fort to be established in the northwest territories of canada, and played a central role in the events of the north-west rebellion / resistance of 1885. it was there when chief poundmaker was arrested, and when six cree and two stoney men were hanged for their participation in the frog lake massacre and other killings .
minnie pearl, comedienne and grand ole opry star	minnie pearl, comedian and grand ole opry star
in 2011, stam was named the face of covergirl, teaming up with makeup artist extraordinaire pat mcgrath for the brand's new lip perfection campaign.	in 2011, stam was named the face of covergirl, teaming up with makeup artist pat mcgrath for the brand's new lip perfection campaign.
israeli troops enter lebanon in response to the kidnapping of two israeli soldiers by hezbollah.	israeli troops enter lebanon in response to the capture of two israeli soldiers by hezbollah.
his photography has also been used in high-profile advertising campaigns and book covers for lloyds bank, morgan stanley, hbo, e&j gallo, abbott labs, ritz-carlton hotel company, evraz, and simon and schuster.	his photography has also been used in advertising campaigns and book covers for lloyds bank, morgan stanley, hbo, e&j gallo, abbott labs, ritz-carlton hotel company, evraz, and simon and schuster.
her former husband, rusty yates, remarried in 2006. while connected to be quiverfull by some, her inclusion as such is contested by many in the movement.	her former husband, rusty yates, remarried in 2006. while connected to be quiverfull by some, her inclusion as such is disputed by many in the movement.
"on workers' control and management, sell affirms that a nationalised finance sector could be ""run by and for the mass of the population""."	"on workers' control and management, sell argues that a nationalised finance sector could be ""run by and for the mass of the population""."
"it was reported on 12 may that, following the successful local autonomy referendum, donbass people's militia leader igor girkin (known as ""strelkov"") declared himself ""supreme commander"" of the donetsk people's republic."	"it was reported on 12 may that, following the local autonomy referendum, donbass people's militia leader igor girkin (known as ""strelkov"") declared himself ""supreme commander"" of the donetsk people's republic."
may 10, 213 january 270), commonly known as claudius gothicus, was roman emperor from 268 to 270. during his reign he fought successfully against the alamanni and scored a crushing victory against the goths at the battle of naissus.	may 10, 213 january 270), commonly known as claudius gothicus, was roman emperor from 268 to 270. during his reign he fought successfully against the alamanni and scored a victory against the goths at the battle of naissus.
the comic then meets the suitors (usually three women for a male comic, though episodes in which a female comedienne having to choose between three male suitors occur on occasion); the dates are often held in simpler, though common locales for a date compared to most reality dating series (ranging from a home to an amusement park to a bowling alley, with entire episodes often set in one location).	the comic then meets the suitors (usually three women for a male comic, though episodes in which a female comedian having to choose between three male suitors occur on occasion); the dates are often held in simpler, though common locales for a date compared to most reality dating series (ranging from a home to an amusement park to a bowling alley, with entire episodes often set in one location).
tex – high-quality macro -based typesetting system	tex – macro -based typesetting system
stanley kubrick (july 26, 1928 march 7, 1999) was an influential and highly acclaimed academy award winning american film director and producer considered among the greatest of the 20th century.	stanley kubrick (july 26, 1928 march 7, 1999) was an influential and acclaimed academy award winning american film director and producer considered among the greatest of the 20th century.
this is exploited in domain registrations under the german tld for romance language webhosts that offer customized sites, like elforo.de (theforum.of), cleverly encoding the site name into the url path, such as elforo.de/wikipedia, meaning theforum.of/wikipedia.	this is exploited in domain registrations under the german tld for romance language webhosts that offer customized sites, like elforo.de (theforum.of), encoding the site name into the url path, such as elforo.de/wikipedia, meaning theforum.of/wikipedia.
the winning reform party started coalition talks with the social democrats, pro patria and res publica union (irl) and the free party.	the reform party started coalition talks with the social democrats, pro patria and res publica union (irl) and the free party.
when jim is away guest hosts have historically varied in nature and political views greatly; past substitute hosts include conservative talk host and comedian dennis miller, progressive talk host leslie marshall, and the late comedienne joan rivers.	when jim is away guest hosts have historically varied in nature and political views greatly; past substitute hosts include conservative talk host and comedian dennis miller, progressive talk host leslie marshall, and the late comedian joan rivers.
"the dissenters' march was a series of major political opposition protests that took place on december 162006, in moscow, on march 32007, in saint petersburg, on march 242007, in nizhny novgorod, on april 142007, for the second time in moscow and on april 152007, again in saint petersburg, featured in various media outlets including associated press, with headlines such as ""russian police beat, detain protesters."""	"the dissenters' march was a series of political opposition protests that took place on december 162006, in moscow, on march 32007, in saint petersburg, on march 242007, in nizhny novgorod, on april 142007, for the second time in moscow and on april 152007, again in saint petersburg, featured in various media outlets including associated press, with headlines such as ""russian police beat, detain protesters."""
shankar did not limit his creativity to cinema.	shankar did not limit his efforts to cinema.
probably the most ambitious and perhaps significant work to date is ingwe (20032009) by georges lentz (written for australian guitarist zane banks), a towering 60-minute work for solo electric guitar, exploring that composer's existential struggles and taking the instrument into realms previously unknown in a concert music setting.ref	probably the most ambitious and perhaps significant work to date is ingwe (20032009) by georges lentz (written for australian guitarist zane banks), a 60-minute work for solo electric guitar, exploring that composer's existential struggles and taking the instrument into realms previously unknown in a concert music setting.ref
in other countries, lvt is nearly impossible to implement because of lack of certainty regarding land titles and clearly established and recognized ownership.	in some countries, lvt is nearly impossible to implement because of lack of certainty regarding land titles and clearly established and recognized ownership.
unfortunately , cbs moved its time slot continuously, and often preempted it with other programs, so maintaining an audience was a challenge.	however , cbs moved its time slot continuously, and often preempted it with other programs, so maintaining an audience was a challenge.
the station's transmitter is located at povarovo, russia, which is about halfway between zelenograd and solnechnogorsk and northwest of moscow, near the village of lozhki.	the station's transmitter is located just outside povarovo, russia, which is about halfway between zelenograd and solnechnogorsk and northwest of moscow, near the village of lozhki.
emergency medical technicians at the scene of the accident uttered derogatory epithets and withdrew medical care after discovering her real sex, and er staff at dc general hospital subsequently provided dilatory and inadequate care.	emergency medical technicians at the scene of the accident uttered derogatory epithets and withdrew medical care after discovering her biological sex, and er staff at dc general hospital subsequently provided dilatory and inadequate care.
in addition, there were, for example, in regensburg, no battles between the urban patrician families, so that here the status function was dominant from the beginning.	in addition, there were, for example, in regensburg, no armed conflicts between the urban patrician families, so that here the status function was dominant from the beginning.
hinduism is the oldest religion in the world,{{refn|group=note|see:	hinduism has been called the oldest religion in the world,{{refn|group=note|see:
the scooba is the second major commercial product made by irobot, which popularized vacuum robots with the blockbuster roomba.	the scooba is the second major commercial product made by irobot, which popularized vacuum robots with the roomba.
the title song has been shot in beautiful kutch, gujarat and has already received 70,000 views on youtube.	the title song has been shot in kutch, gujarat and has already received 70,000 views on youtube.
gladys morgan (18981983), welsh comedienne	gladys morgan (18981983), welsh comedian
maskin was born in new york city, new york on december 12, 1950, to a non-religious jewish family, and grew up in alpine, new jersey.	maskin was born in new york city, new york on december 12, 1950, to a jewish family, and grew up in alpine, new jersey.
reported alcohol and possible drug usage	claims of alcohol and possible drug usage
the fnh patrol bolt rifle is a reliable bolt action tactical rifle produced by fabrique nationale de herstal.	the fnh patrol bolt rifle is a bolt action tactical rifle produced by fabrique nationale de herstal.
heritage buildings are zealously protected by the greytown community heritage trust, headed by former kuranui college principal peter werry.	heritage buildings are protected by the greytown community heritage trust, headed by former kuranui college principal peter werry.
sexual orientation, the sex to which one is erotically most attracted is the most politically contentious aspect of psychosexual differentiation.	sexual orientation, the sex to which one is most attracted is the most politically contentious aspect of psychosexual differentiation.
the magazine has published articles that attack hinduism, jews, zionism and american neoconservatism.	the magazine has published articles that criticize hinduism, jews, zionism and american neoconservatism.
on 18 october 2011, he was released in a deal that secured his freedom after more than five years in isolation and captivity, in exchange for 1,027 palestinian prisoners, including some convicted of multiple murders and carrying out terror attacks against israeli civilians (according to israeli government sources, the prisoners released were collectively responsible for 569 israeli deaths ).	on 18 october 2011, he was released in a deal that secured his freedom after more than five years in isolation and captivity, in exchange for 1,027 palestinian prisoners, including some convicted of multiple murders and carrying out attacks against israeli civilians (according to israeli government sources, the prisoners released were collectively responsible for 569 israeli deaths ).
fortunately , the direction changed again and jandek returned to a voice and guitar (with occasional harmonica) mixture, though things were different.	after these albums, though , the direction changed again and jandek returned to a voice and guitar (with occasional harmonica) mixture, though things were different.
survivors of hitler's inner circle claimed that hewel owed his position to his long involvement with the nazi party, and because he was one of hitler's friends /cronies .	survivors of hitler's inner circle claimed that hewel owed his position to his long involvement with the nazi party, and because he was one of hitler's friends.
however, some scientists and pressure groups such as greenpeace and world wildlife fund consider that the available data do not prove that gm food does not pose risks to health, and call for additional and more rigorous testing before marketing genetically engineered food	however, some scientists and advocacy groups such as greenpeace and world wildlife fund consider that the available data do not prove that gm food does not pose risks to health, and call for additional and more rigorous testing before marketing genetically engineered food
according to some unlikely theories, this shape had its origin in ancient babylonia as the symbol of the god tammuz, being in the shape of the mystic tau, the greek initial of his name.	according to some theories, this shape had its origin in ancient babylonia as the symbol of the god tammuz, being in the shape of the mystic tau, the greek initial of his name.
michael savage began his radio career on march 21, 1994 on san francisco's #1 news/talk radio station kgo as a fill-in host for the ultra liberal ray taliaferro .	michael savage began his radio career on march 21, 1994 on san francisco's #1 news/talk radio station kgo as a fill-in host for the liberal ray taliaferro .
"however, a walk to remember found a warm reception in the christian community due to the film's pandering ; as one reviewer approvingly noted, ""the main character is portrayed as a christian without being psychopathic or holier-than-thou""."	"however, a walk to remember found a warm reception in the christian community due to the film's moral values ; as one reviewer approvingly noted, ""the main character is portrayed as a christian without being psychopathic or holier-than-thou""."
"memorable correspondent reports include the 2001 ""break-up"" of the republicans ""the singing senators"" following the defection of jim jeffords, and the report on prince charles and the british media reporting of royal family scandals through suggestive innuendo, in which colbert broke out laughing numerous times during the segment, a rarity for him."	"other correspondent reports include the 2001 ""break-up"" of the republicans ""the singing senators"" following the defection of jim jeffords, and the report on prince charles and the british media reporting of royal family scandals through suggestive innuendo, in which colbert broke out laughing numerous times during the segment, a rarity for him."
"simone white starred in the 1984 comedy-drama ""the wild life"" written by cameron crowe and directed by art linson."	"simone white appeared in the 1984 comedy-drama ""the wild life"" written by cameron crowe and directed by art linson."
slave-labour allegations and abhorrent safety records	slave-labour allegations and questionable safety records
this space is populated with beautiful interstellar bodies such as stars, planets, asteroids, etc.	this space is populated with interstellar bodies such as stars, planets, asteroids, etc.
"human evolution is the phenotypic history of the genus homo, including the emergence of homo sapiens as a distinct species and as a special category of hominids (""great apes"") and mammals."	"human evolution is the phenotypic history of the genus homo, including the emergence of homo sapiens as a distinct species and as a unique category of hominids (""great apes"") and mammals."
products = binoculars, spotting scopes, telescopes, night vision equipment, gps devices, laser-guided rangefinders, riflescopes, holographic gun sights, and other high-end optical equipment.	products = binoculars, spotting scopes, telescopes, night vision equipment, gps devices, laser-guided rangefinders, riflescopes, holographic gun sights, and other optical equipment.
for instance, she wrote about the yellow star which allegedly all jews were forced to wear in public, and she listed some of the restrictions and persecutions that had encroached into the lives of amsterdam's jewish population.	for instance, she wrote about the yellow star which all jews were forced to wear in public, and she listed some of the restrictions and persecutions that had encroached into the lives of amsterdam's jewish population.
in the voluntary market, a variety of industry standards exist including the voluntary carbon standard, green-e climate, cdm gold standard, and environmental resources trust are emerging to provide comparable levels of verification and quality assurance.	in the voluntary market, a variety of industry standards exist including the voluntary carbon standard, green-e climate, cdm gold standard, and environmental resources trust are emerging to provide levels of verification and quality assurance.
terrorist attacks in the united states	attacks in the united states
the dialect is spoken in the northwestern parts of croatia, including zagreb, as well as in a few croatian language oases in austria, hungary and romania.	the dialect is spoken in the northwestern parts of croatia, including zagreb, as well as in a few croatian language islands in austria, hungary and romania.
stephanie courtney (1970), actress and comedienne who was born in stony point	stephanie courtney (1970), actress and comedian who was born in stony point
this, however, is no problem of utf-8 itself but one of bad software implementations.	this, however, is no problem of utf-8 itself but one of software implementations.
some academics argue that the money multiplier is a meaningless concept, because its relevance would require that the money supply be exogenous, i.e.	some economists argue that the money multiplier is a meaningless concept, because its relevance would require that the money supply be exogenous, i.e.
despite the album going gold the group sadly failed to become more popular than preteen market stars like nsync and the backstreet boys before them.	despite the album going gold the group failed to become more popular than preteen market stars like nsync and the backstreet boys before them.
the concept and term svabhva are frequently encountered in dharmic traditions such as advaita vednta (e.g.	the concept and term svabhva are frequently encountered in hindu and buddhist traditions such as advaita vednta (e.g.
"the term derives from the word mormon, which was originally used as a pejorative term to describe those who believed in the book of mormon, a fictional sacred text that adherents believe to be ""another testament of jesus christ"" and testifies of the bible as part of the religion's canon."	"the term derives from the word mormon, which was originally used as a pejorative term to describe those who believed in the book of mormon, a sacred text that adherents believe to be ""another testament of jesus christ"" and testifies of the bible as part of the religion's canon."
the ca' pesaro is an imposing baroque marble palace facing the grand canal of venice.	the ca' pesaro is an baroque marble palace facing the grand canal of venice.
chvez is running for the united states senate hoping to replace the retiring democrat barbara boxer.	chvez is running for the united states senate to replace the retiring democrat barbara boxer.
"jazmine sullivan's song ""dream big"" from the album fearless prominently features a sample of ""veridis quo""."	"jazmine sullivan's song ""dream big"" from the album fearless features a sample of ""veridis quo""."
common oxidation states of copper include the less stable copper(i) state, cu+1; and the more stable copper(ii) state, cu+2, which forms lovely blue or blue-green salts.	common oxidation states of copper include the less stable copper(i) state, cu+1; and the more stable copper(ii) state, cu+2, which forms blue or blue-green salts.
excellent article from the new yorker	extensive feature article from the new yorker
cavuto has been widely criticized by liberal media watchdog groups and pundits for many of his statements.	cavuto has been widely criticized by media watchdog groups and pundits for many of his statements.
murray clutches the wimbledon trophy following his victory in the 2013 men's final.	murray holds the wimbledon trophy following his victory in the 2013 men's final.
by the start of the 21st century it had become a post-industrial city with multiple nationally-important sporting, broadcasting, and educational institutions.	by the start of the 21st century it had become a post-industrial city with multiple sporting, broadcasting, and educational institutions.
false claims about voter fraud	contentious claims about voter fraud
michael medved (born october 3, 1948) is an american radio program host, conservative political commentator, film critic, and author.	michael medved (born october 3, 1948) is an american radio program host, conservatism in the united states political commentator, film critic, and author.
the government reports at least 3000 dead in the south, while an official tamil tiger website reports 1800 dead including terrorist carders in their rebel areas.	the government reports at least 3000 dead in the south, while an official tamil tiger website reports 1800 dead including tiger carders in their rebel areas.
"the zune has a bright 3"" display"	"the zune has a 3"" display"
"she has worked with the famous musician, mimis plessas, and she sang a duet with the rock/laiko idol, stelios rokkos, entitled ""na m'agapas"" (love me)."	"she has worked with the musician, mimis plessas, and she sang a duet with the rock/laiko idol, stelios rokkos, entitled ""na m'agapas"" (love me)."
in 2016 pudhari's publisher, pudhari publications, invested in contemporary color printing and design technologies.	in 2016 pudhari's publisher, pudhari publications, invested in new color printing and design technologies.
it was there that he became a deeply committed revolutionary organizer and subsequently a criminal .	it was there that he became a deeply committed revolutionary organizer and subsequently a political prisoner .
"michelin denied rmy's charges, but refused to say how many inspectors it actually employed in france, and offered a lame rebuttal (""...if it weren't true...customers would write and tell us"") to rmy's claim that certain 3-star chefs were untouchable."	"michelin denied rmy's charges, but refused to say how many inspectors it actually employed in france, and offered a rebuttal (""...if it weren't true...customers would write and tell us"") to rmy's claim that certain 3-star chefs were untouchable."
migy-rydz, as the commander-in-chief of polish armed forces, took complete responsibility for polands military defeat in the september 1939. there were no excuses for this honourable polish officer, even though poland was attacked from all sides by europe's two most powerful military machines — the wehrmacht and the soviet army (raboche-krest'yanskaya krasnaya armiya).	migy-rydz, as the commander-in-chief of polish armed forces, took complete responsibility for polands military defeat in the september 1939. there were no excuses for this polish officer, even though poland was attacked from all sides by europe's two most powerful military machines — the wehrmacht and the soviet army (raboche-krest'yanskaya krasnaya armiya).
in recent years it has been tastefully renovated and is now a popular drinking and dining spot, as well as busy hotel due to its proximity to longleat safari park.	in recent years it has been renovated and is now a popular drinking and dining spot, as well as busy hotel due to its proximity to longleat safari park.
this policy led to some notable successes, such as operation entebbe but also to painful loss of human life, as in the maalot massacre.	this policy led to some notable successes, such as operation entebbe but also to loss of human life, as in the maalot massacre.
dinkar was born in a poor bhumihar brahmin family in simariya village of begusarai district in bihar.	dinkar was born in a poor bhumihar family in simariya village of begusarai district in bihar.
"he is rightly credited as the ""father"" of modern computer retailing."	"he is credited as the ""father"" of modern computer retailing."
in june 2014, mirkarimi quietly filed papers to run for re-election in 2015. he didn't send out press releases to alert the press he was running.	in june 2014, mirkarimi filed papers to run for re-election in 2015. he didn't send out press releases to alert the press he was running.
in 2004, viewers of the far-left cbc series the greatest canadian voted trudeau the third greatest canadian.	in 2004, viewers of the cbc series the greatest canadian voted trudeau the third greatest canadian.
the two month extension was widely criticized by the airline industry , farmers and observant jews.	the two month extension was criticized by the airline industry , farmers and observant jews.
gamergate (sometimes referred to as gamergate or as hashtag #gamergate) is a controversy centering on misogyny and harassment in video game culture, as well as a social movement that ostensibly concerns the role of social commentary in game critiques and ethics in video game journalism.	gamergate (sometimes referred to as gamergate or as hashtag #gamergate) is a controversy centering on misogyny and harassment in video game culture, as well as a social movement that concerns the role of social commentary in game critiques and ethics in video game journalism.
"words cast into a bronze plaque on a monument next to the base proclame , ""frenchman's tower"	"words cast into a bronze plaque on a monument next to the base say , ""frenchman's tower"
involution according to avatar meher baba	involution according to meher baba
the great recession of 2008 and the onset of chinese manufacturing caused prices to resume their decline with vehemence.	the recession of 2008 and the onset of chinese manufacturing caused prices to resume their decline with vehemence.
"howard's use, which refers to the academic meaning of the word myth, is unrelated to the more recent conservative ""gay suicide myth"" theory that gay teen suicide rates are over-reported so that gays can claim unrealistic discrimination and obtain special treatment."	"howard's use, which refers to the academic meaning of the word myth, is unrelated to the more recent conservative ""gay suicide myth"" theory that gay teen suicide rates are over-reported so that gay people can claim unrealistic discrimination and obtain special treatment."
"an unnamed plaintiff will be named ""roe"" as in the infamous abortion rights case, ""roe v. wade"", which declared laws restricting abortion to be unconstitutional in the united states."	"an unnamed plaintiff will be named ""roe"" as in the landmark abortion rights case, ""roe v. wade"", which declared laws restricting abortion to be unconstitutional in the united states."
on several occasions in 2009, right-wing japanese nationalists (calling themselves ) insulted korean visitors to tsushima island.	on several occasions in 2009, right-wing japanese nationalists (calling themselves ) verbally attacked korean visitors to tsushima island.
is a successful swedish football manager.	is a swedish football manager.
he had a stroke in 1948, and died in a charity hospital in rio de janeiro on january 18, 1949. his life had been characterized by one great moment of glory surrounded by failures .	he had a stroke in 1948, and died in a charity hospital in rio de janeiro on january 18, 1949. his life had been characterized by one great moment of glory surrounded by outlandish, wild ventures which inevitably lost him money .
after losing her son, who tragically drowned in 1917, maude died in 1919 leaving the estate to her grandson leslie.	after losing her son, who drowned in 1917, maude died in 1919 leaving the estate to her grandson leslie.
melissa manchester (born on february 15, 1951 at new york, new york) is a talented singer-songwriter and actress.	melissa manchester (born on february 15, 1951 at new york, new york) is a singer-songwriter and actress.
after the death of elhanan's 13 year-old daughter in 1997, she became a outspoken critic of the israeli occupation of palestine .	after the death of elhanan's 13 year-old daughter in 1997, she became a outspoken critic of the israeli occupation of the west bank and gaza .
he currently stars in the geek drama numb3rs.	he currently stars in the drama numb3rs.
"according to some sociologists and race theorist like martinez, contemporary america has an exclusive black-white framework of considering race, and they argue that this framework is sustained by the ""model minority"" myth , the stereotype of generalizing all asians as being a model minority: people who work hard, obey the established order and therefore prosper."	"according to some sociologists and race theorist like martinez, contemporary america has an exclusive black-white framework of considering race, and they argue that this framework is sustained by the ""model minority"" idea , the stereotype of generalizing all asians as being a model minority: people who work hard, obey the established order and therefore prosper."
it is well known for the ornate design of many of its stations, which contain beautiful examples of socialist realist art.	it is well known for the ornate design of many of its stations, which contain examples of socialist realist art.
the armed forces of the united states of america have committed war crimes sporadically throughout their history.	the armed forces of the united states of america have committed war crimes throughout their history.
the book cannily includes five features which would be illegitimate in a non-humorous publication:	the book includes five features which would be illegitimate in a non-humorous publication:
his career was sadly cut short by injury in november 1978 when he collapsed on the field in barnsleys away match with york city.	his career was cut short by injury in november 1978 when he collapsed on the field in barnsleys away match with york city.
most notably, he is known for his role as isaac mendez in the popular nbc series heroes.	most notably, he is known for his role as isaac mendez in the nbc series heroes.
the latter town, of little strategic value, was destroyed simply as a test case to determine the effects and accuracy of bombardment.	the latter town, of little strategic value, was destroyed as a test case to determine the effects and accuracy of bombardment.
stepanakert airport , called khojaly airport by azerbaijan, is an airport in ivanyan , near stepanakert, the capital city of the de facto independent nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr) which is an internationally recognized part of azerbaijan.	stepanakert airport , called khojaly airport by azerbaijan, is an airport in khojaly , near stepanakert, the capital city of the de facto independent nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr) which is an internationally recognized part of azerbaijan.
"at first, he actually enjoyed eating it, until jim described its vile contents (this happened in the episode ""assault and battery"", season one)."	"at first, he actually enjoyed eating it, until jim described its contents (this happened in the episode ""assault and battery"", season one)."
mostly, the film is about selena's wonderful relationship with her family, her musical performances, and her romance with her husband chris perez.	mostly, the film is about selena's relationship with her family, her musical performances, and her romance with her husband chris perez.
lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (lgbt) rights in greenland are very similar to those in denmark, and are among the most advanced in the world.	lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender (lgbt) rights in greenland are very similar to those in denmark, and are among the most liberal in the world.
the primary acknowledged limitation is that almost all the journals covered are english language journals from western europe and the united states, and that the information in the derived tables confuses original research journals and review journals--which have very different citation behavior.	the primary acknowledged limitation is that almost all the journals covered are english language journals from western europe and the united states, and that the information in the derived tables combines original research journals and review journals--which have very different citation behavior.
thankfully this mode of dress was, initially at least, restricted very much to this particular club.	this mode of dress was, initially at least, restricted very much to this particular club.
hostility from fundamentalist and evangelical christians has been particularly virulent; members of such denominations, such as hank hanegraaff, often correctly characterize jehovah's witnesses as a cult.	hostility from fundamentalist and evangelical christians has been particularly virulent; members of such denominations, such as hank hanegraaff, often characterize jehovah's witnesses as a cult.
it is an unusual interpretation of moby-dick by herman melville.	it is an interpretation of moby-dick by herman melville.
many subsequently joined the newly-established ulster defence regiment, which was widely suspected of collusion and cross-membership with unionist paramilitary organisations until it was in turn replaced by the royal irish regiment.	many subsequently joined the newly-established ulster defence regiment, which was widely suspected of collusion and cross-membership with loyalist paramilitary organisations until it was in turn replaced by the royal irish regiment.
the last airbender received extremely negative reviews, from critics, fans of the cartoon and even viewers of the film who were unfamiliar with the series.	the last airbender received mostly negative reviews, from critics, fans of the cartoon and even viewers of the film who were unfamiliar with the series.
"a possible argument against the extreme (""weltanschauung"") version of this idea, that all thought is constrained by language, can be discovered through personal experience: all people have occasional difficulty expressing themselves due to constraints in the language, and are conscious that the language is not adequate for what they mean."	"a possible argument against the strong (""weltanschauung"") version of this idea, that all thought is constrained by language, can be discovered through personal experience: all people have occasional difficulty expressing themselves due to constraints in the language, and are conscious that the language is not adequate for what they mean."
gene hackman as lex luthor: evil criminal genius and superman's nemesis.	gene hackman as lex luthor: criminal genius and superman's nemesis.
"on april 13, 2015, the fcc published the final rule on its new the ""net neutrality"" regulations."	"on april 13, 2015, the fcc published the final rule on its new ""net neutrality"" regulations."
jim gray, 47, northern irish terrorist , murdered.	jim gray, 47, northern irish loyalist , murdered.
fox hunting is a controversial sport that originated in the united kingdom in the 16th century.	fox hunting is a sport that originated in the united kingdom in the 16th century.
in october 1988 neil simpson made a horrific tackle on rangers midfielder ian durrant which left durrant with a career-threatening knee injury which left him out of competitive football for almost three years.	in october 1988 neil simpson made a tackle on rangers midfielder ian durrant which left durrant with a career-threatening knee injury which left him out of competitive football for almost three years.
bachmann indicated, during a december 2017 new year's weekend interview with disgraced televangelist jim bakker, that she is considering running for the u.s. senate seat vacated by al franken, but that she is waiting on counsel from god before making up her mind.	bachmann indicated, during a december 2017 new year's weekend interview with televangelist jim bakker, that she is considering running for the u.s. senate seat vacated by al franken, but that she is waiting on counsel from god before making up her mind.
born in crouch hill, london, bowens father was the owner of the renowned whiskey distillers bowen and mckechnie.	born in crouch hill, london, bowens father was the owner of the whiskey distillers bowen and mckechnie.
doherty was shortlisted for the prestigious turner prize in 1994 and 2003, and has represented ireland at the venice biennale in 1993, great britain at the so paulo art biennial in 2003 and northern ireland at the 2007 venice biennale.	doherty was shortlisted for the turner prize in 1994 and 2003, and has represented ireland at the venice biennale in 1993, great britain at the so paulo art biennial in 2003 and northern ireland at the 2007 venice biennale.
in april 2010, wikileaks released the so-called collateral murder footage from the 12 july 2007 baghdad airstrike in which iraqi journalists were among those killed.	in april 2010, wikileaks released the collateral murder footage from the 12 july 2007 baghdad airstrike in which iraqi journalists were among those killed.
north korea also provides assistance to iran's attempt to develop nuclear weapons .	north korea also provides assistance to iran's attempt to develop nuclear capability .
she died in july 1990. following her passing , acadia university named its archives in her honour - the esther clark wright archives.	she died in july 1990. following her death , acadia university named its archives in her honour - the esther clark wright archives.
sadly the movie was not well received, and the cobra-la story arc was all but abandoned in future plotlines.	the movie was not well received, and the cobra-la story arc was all but abandoned in future plotlines.
he is a supporter of recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel and has also been an advocate for the causes of albanian-americans and oppressed ethnic albanians in kosovo.	he is a supporter of recognizing jerusalem as the capital of israel and has also been an advocate for the causes of albanian-americans and ethnic albanians in kosovo.
as part of his campaign, lamont has switched from driving a foreign lexus convertible to a ford hybrid vehicle.	as part of his campaign, lamont has switched from driving a lexus convertible to a ford hybrid vehicle.
the european-american unity and rights organization (euro) is a white supremacist organization in the united states.	the european-american unity and rights organization (euro) is a white nationalist organization in the united states.
ice hockey, properly known simply as hockey in canada and the united states, is a team sport played on ice.	ice hockey, known simply as hockey in canada and the united states, is a team sport played on ice.
it is hosted mainly by triathlete mother christine jacob-sandejas and originally co-hosted by comedienne giselle sanchez and beauty queen shamcey supsup.	it is hosted mainly by triathlete mother christine jacob-sandejas and originally co-hosted by comedian giselle sanchez and beauty queen shamcey supsup.
mehmet oz or mehmet z is a noted turkish-american surgeon and cardiologist.	mehmet oz or mehmet z is a turkish-american surgeon and cardiologist.
after a number of thomas' men were captured in february 1864, some were convinced by the union propaganda that they were fighting for slavery, and thereafter fought for the union.	after a number of thomas' men were captured in february 1864, some were convinced by the union that they were fighting for slavery, and thereafter fought for the union.
a year after his passing , a gala tribute concert was held in his honour at the prince edward theatre.	a year after his death , a gala tribute concert was held in his honour at the prince edward theatre.
"venerable writer ba jin, in his essay ""thoughts: reform of chinese characters"" , urged caution in any reforms to the written chinese language."	"the writer ba jin, in his essay ""thoughts: reform of chinese characters"" , urged caution in any reforms to the written chinese language."
the decision to build the mausoleum coincides with the return of the perpetrators' remains, which were among the bodies of 91 palestinian terrorists repatriated to the palestinian authority in june 2012 as an israeli good-will gesture.	the decision to build the mausoleum coincides with the return of the perpetrators' remains, which were among the bodies of 91 palestinian militants repatriated to the palestinian authority in june 2012 as an israeli good-will gesture.
"most of the music for ""dafne"" is unfortunately lost (the libretto was printed and survives), but one of peri's many later operas, euridice, dating from 1600, is the first opera score to have survived to the present day."	"most of the music for ""dafne"" is lost (the libretto was printed and survives), but one of peri's many later operas, euridice, dating from 1600, is the first opera score to have survived to the present day."
unturned is a free-to-play amazing survival game designed by nelson sexton of smartly dressed games.	unturned is a free-to-play survival game designed by nelson sexton of smartly dressed games.
johnny carson (right), legendary former host of the tonight show, dies at age 79.	johnny carson (right), former host of the tonight show , dies at age 79.
waipu is a small town in bream bay, in the northland region of new zealand, with a proud scottish heritage.	waipu is a small town in bream bay, in the northland region of new zealand, with a scottish heritage.
an example that links together many of the ideas in this article is the phase transition of the ising model, a crude model of ferromagnetic substances.	an example that links together many of the ideas in this article is the phase transition of the ising model, a simple model of ferromagnetic substances.
abdul 'azeez ibn abdullaah ibn baaz (also shaikh abdulaziz bin baz or sheikh abdulaziz bin baz) was the grand mufti of saudi arabia from 1993 until his death in 1999. born in najd, he was a muslim scholar and a staunch enemy of shias and mut'ah.	abdul 'azeez ibn abdullaah ibn baaz (also shaikh abdulaziz bin baz or sheikh abdulaziz bin baz) was the grand mufti of saudi arabia from 1993 until his death in 1999. born in najd, he was a muslim scholar and a staunch opponent of shias and mut'ah.
chatham house has three distinguished presidents from the two main political parties at westminster: john major, former prime minister (con.)	chatham house has three presidents from the two main political parties at westminster: john major, former prime minister (con.)
it is of interest mainly to explorers and crackpot conspiracy theorists , and was first visited in 1927.	it is of interest mainly to explorers and conspiracy theorists , and was first visited in 1927.
on august 15, 2015, williams performed in russia-occupied crimea after coming from russian territory.	on august 15, 2015, williams performed in crimea after coming from russian territory.
melai cantiveros, comedienne /actress	melai cantiveros, comedian /actress
she is the younger sister of legendary dance-pop singer britney spears, and also has an older brother, bryan spears, who is one of her sister's managers.	she is the younger sister of dance-pop singer britney spears, and also has an older brother, bryan spears, who is one of her sister's managers.
allegations that barack obama secretly follows a non-christian religion, or that he is the antichrist, have been suggested since he campaigned for the us senate in 2004. as with conspiracy theories surrounding his citizenship status, these false claims are promoted by various fringe theorists and political opponents.	allegations that barack obama secretly follows a non-christian religion, or that he is the antichrist, have been suggested since he campaigned for the us senate in 2004. as with conspiracy theories surrounding his citizenship status, these claims are promoted by various fringe theorists and political opponents.
the main attraction to moxy früvous is their close relationship with their fans and their amazing live shows, which are full of political commentary, humourous banter, and musical improvisation.	the main attraction to moxy früvous is their close relationship with their fans and their live shows, which are full of political commentary, humourous banter, and musical improvisation.
fay templeton (december 25, 1865 october 3, 1939) was an american actress, singer and comedienne .	fay templeton (december 25, 1865 october 3, 1939) was an american actress, singer and comedian .
in the awa, jannetty and michaels quickly built a reputation as a talented tag team, performing many acrobatic moves in tandem, and electrifying crowds with their amazing athleticism.	in the awa, jannetty and michaels quickly built a reputation as a talented tag team, performing many acrobatic moves in tandem, and electrifying crowds with their athleticism.
louis dembitz brandeis (november 13, 1856 october 5, 1941) was an important american litigator, supreme court justice, advocate of privacy, and developer of the brandeis brief.	louis dembitz brandeis (november 13, 1856 october 5, 1941) was an american litigator, supreme court justice, advocate of privacy, and developer of the brandeis brief.
lee's youth was plagued by extreme mobility; before the age of 18 oswald had lived in 22 different residences.	lee's youth was characterized by extreme mobility; before the age of 18 oswald had lived in 22 different residences.
cuba is widely criticised as being the only state in the western hemisphere that is not a pluralist democracy and of being the sole communist state in the region.	cuba is widely viewed as being the only state in the western hemisphere that is not a pluralist democracy and of being the sole communist state in the region.
viiv (rhymes with five) is a drm media platform by intel released on january 9, 2006 during ces 2006. viiv pcs will include one of the following processors: intel pentium d, intel core duo, intel pentium extreme edition.	viiv (rhymes with five) is a media platform by intel released on january 9, 2006 during ces 2006. viiv pcs will include one of the following processors: intel pentium d, intel core duo, intel pentium extreme edition.
"one of the products being marketed by the company is the amezcua bio disc (also spelled biodisc and biodisk) which the company claims can ""redefine and harmonise the energy of water, greatly maximising its positive affect on the human body""."	"one of the products being marketed by the company is the amezcua bio disc (also spelled biodisc and biodisk) which the company says can ""redefine and harmonise the energy of water, greatly maximising its positive affect on the human body""."
the cia museum, administered by the center for the study of intelligence, is the preeminent national archive for the collection, preservation, documentation and exhibition of intelligence artifacts, culture, and history.	the cia museum, administered by the center for the study of intelligence, is the primary national archive for the collection, preservation, documentation and exhibition of intelligence artifacts, culture, and history.
in 2000, secretary albright became one of the highest level western diplomats to ever meet kim jong-il, the reclusive leader of north korea.	in 2000, secretary albright became one of the highest level western diplomats to ever meet kim jong-il, the isolationist leader of north korea.
indymedia banner in the netherlands protesting the oaxaca murder .	indymedia banner in the netherlands protesting the oaxaca shootings .
the former was directed by wiz (who had previously worked with marilyn manson), and was modelled on pier paolo pasolini's notorious film sal; an adaptation of the marquis de sade's the 120 days of sodom.	the former was directed by wiz (who had previously worked with marilyn manson), and was modelled on pier paolo pasolini's famous film sal; an adaptation of the marquis de sade's the 120 days of sodom.
"originally known as the ""ceasefire line"", it was redesignated the ""line of control"" after the simla agreement, which was formalized in december 1971. the indians refer to their portion of the territory as jammu and kashmir.the pakistanis refer to their portion of the captured territory as azad (free) jammu and kashmir."	"originally known as the ""ceasefire line"", it was redesignated the ""line of control"" after the simla agreement, which was formalized in december 1971. the indians refer to their portion of the territory as jammu and kashmir.the pakistanis refer to their portion of the territory as azad (free) jammu and kashmir."
according to the orthodox bah' faith, with both a letter appointing him guardian in 1961 and the activation of the council as the embryonic universal house of justice whose president can only be the guardian of the faith, joel bray marangella became the third guardian of the orthodox bah' faith.	according to the orthodox bah' faith, with both a letter appointing him guardian in 1961 and the activation of the council as the embryonic universal house of justice whose president can only be the guardian of the faith, joel bray marangella is believed by them to be the third guardian of the orthodox bah' faith.
250 px|world youth day is a popular catholic faith themed international youth event initiated by pope john paul ii.	250 px|world youth day is a catholic faith themed international youth event initiated by pope john paul ii.
yet another new direction (2006-present)	another new direction (2006-present)
the trade winds (also called trades) are the prevailing pattern of easterly surface winds found in the tropics near the earth's equator, south of the subtropical ridge.	the trade winds (also called trades) are the prevailing pattern of easterly surface winds found in the tropics near the earth's equator, equatorward of the subtropical ridge.
"keating led labor to an unexpected election victory, and his memorable ""true believers"" victory speech has entered australian political folklore as one of the great australian political speeches."	"keating led labor to an unexpected election victory, and his ""true believers"" victory speech has entered australian political folklore as one of the great australian political speeches."
this alignment desires good without bias for or against order	this alignment desires good without bias for or against .
on it, participating websites were purposely slowed down to show what they feel would happen if the new rules took effect.	on it, participating websites were purposely slowed down to show what they feel would happen if the new rules failed to take effect.
although the museum promotes remembrance of past conflicts and the efforts made by those in uniform, it is a public history museum, not a national war memorial or a museum of the canadian forces.	although the museum promotes remembrance of past conflicts and the sacrifices made by those in uniform, it is a public history museum, not a national war memorial or a museum of the canadian forces.
"release a solo album, ""rose"" in 1983, which unfortunately did not do well enough to make her into a solo star."	"release a solo album, ""rose"" in 1983, which did not do well enough to make her into a solo star."
groom saw the first flight of all major blackbird variants: a-12, sr-71, its abortive yf-12a interceptor variant, and the disastrous d-21 blackbird-based drone project.	groom saw the first flight of all major blackbird variants: a-12, sr-71, its abortive yf-12a interceptor variant, and the d-21 blackbird-based drone project.
"chester burton ""chet"" atkins (june 20, 1924 – june 30, 2001) was an influential american guitarist and record producer."	"chester burton ""chet"" atkins (june 20, 1924 – june 30, 2001) was an american guitarist and record producer."
janeane garofalo comedienne , actress, activist.	janeane garofalo comedian , actress, activist.
"at a april 7, 2010, gop rally in minneapolis, paulsen joined sarah palin and michele bachmann in inaccurately describing the recently enacted health care reform law as a ""government takeover of health care"", a claim that minnesota public radio states ""isn't correct."""	"at a april 7, 2010, gop rally in minneapolis, paulsen joined sarah palin and michele bachmann in describing the recently enacted health care reform law as a ""government takeover of health care"", a claim that minnesota public radio states ""isn't correct."""
she plays a large role in the amazing legends of dune trilogy, written by brian herbert and kevin j. anderson.	she plays a large role in the legends of dune trilogy, written by brian herbert and kevin j. anderson.
blaze starr (born fannie belle fleming; april 10, 1932 – june 15, 2015) was an american stripper and burlesque comedienne .	blaze starr (born fannie belle fleming; april 10, 1932 – june 15, 2015) was an american stripper and burlesque comedian .
pagan rome (64 bce to 324 ce)	pre-christian rome (64 bce to 324 ce)
enhanced interrogation techniques or alternative set of procedures are euphemisms used by the bush administration to describe methods of detainee torture conducted by the central intelligence agency (cia), the defense intelligence agency (dia) and various components of the u.s. armed forces at different black sites around the world, including bagram, the guantanamo bay detention camp, and abu ghraib.	enhanced interrogation techniques or alternative set of procedures are terms used by the bush administration to describe methods of detainee torture conducted by the central intelligence agency (cia), the defense intelligence agency (dia) and various components of the u.s. armed forces at different black sites around the world, including bagram, the guantanamo bay detention camp, and abu ghraib.
in biology, ethnocentrism is considered a natural condition of mankind .	in biology, ethnocentrism is considered a natural condition of humankind .
his most notorious action while in this office was to ban the march of northern ireland civil rights association on 5 october 1968. he also accused the civil rights movement of being a political front for the ira.	his most notable action while in this office was to ban the march of northern ireland civil rights association on 5 october 1968. he also accused the civil rights movement of being a political front for the ira.
"among the more prominent deacons in history are phoebe, the only person actually called ""deacon"" in scripture ; stephen, the first christian martyr (the ""protomartyr""); philip, whose baptism of the ethiopian eunuch is recounted in ; saint lawrence, an early roman martyr; saint vincent of saragossa, protomartyr of spain; saint francis of assisi, founder of the mendicant franciscans; saint ephrem the syrian and saint romanos the melodist, a prominent early hymnographer."	"among the more prominent deacons in history are phoebe, the only person actually called ""deacon"" in the new testament ; stephen, the first christian martyr (the ""protomartyr""); philip, whose baptism of the ethiopian eunuch is recounted in ; saint lawrence, an early roman martyr; saint vincent of saragossa, protomartyr of spain; saint francis of assisi, founder of the mendicant franciscans; saint ephrem the syrian and saint romanos the melodist, a prominent early hymnographer."
hitchens is a polemicist and pseudo- intellectual.	hitchens is a polemicist and intellectual.
barnard degrees are not awarded by columbia university	barnard degrees are awarded by columbia university
the german-canadian businessman karlheinz schreiber, a longtime associate of kohl's late cdu political rival franz josef strauss, is wanted by bavarian prosecutors on charges of fraud and corruption, but schreiber has been fighting extradition from canada to germany for more than eight years, since the summer of 1999. schreiber is currently jailed in canada, where he has in early november, 2007, filed an explosive affidavit implicating former canadian prime minister brian mulroney, another business associate of his.	the german-canadian businessman karlheinz schreiber, a longtime associate of kohl's late cdu political rival franz josef strauss, is wanted by bavarian prosecutors on charges of fraud and corruption, but schreiber has been fighting extradition from canada to germany for more than eight years, since the summer of 1999. schreiber is currently jailed in canada, where he has in early november, 2007, filed an affidavit implicating former canadian prime minister brian mulroney, another business associate of his.
john sibi okumu is a fine kenyan actor cum journalist who has featured in many kenyan productions.	john sibi okumu is a kenyan actor cum journalist who has featured in many kenyan productions.
the polish military successes in the autumn of 1920 allowed poland to reclaim the city of wilno, where a puppet governance committee of central lithuania (komisja rzdzca litwy rodkowej) was formed.	the polish military successes in the autumn of 1920 allowed poland to reclaim the city of wilno, where a polish-dominated governance committee of central lithuania (komisja rzdzca litwy rodkowej) was formed.
the program was nominally intended to eradicate communist or soviet influence and ideas, and to suppress active or potential opposition movements against the participating governments' neoliberal economic policies, which sought to reverse the economic reforms of the previous era.	the program was nominally intended to eradicate communist or soviet influence and ideas, and to suppress active or potential opposition movements against the participating governments' neoliberal economic policies, which sought to reverse the economic policies of the previous era.
gracie fields - real name grace stansfield; actress, singer and comedienne	gracie fields - real name grace stansfield; actress, singer and comedian
the cold war was the continuing state of conflict, tension and competition that existed after world war ii between the soviet union and its satellites and the powers of the western world under the leadership of the united states from the mid-1940s to the early 1990s.	the cold war was the continuing state of conflict, tension and competition that existed after world war ii between the soviet union and its satellites and the democratic countries of the western world under the leadership of the united states from the mid-1940s to the early 1990s.
confetti, a 2006 british mockumentary romantic comedy film, was released on 5 may 2006. it was conceived and directed by debbie isitt and stars many acclaimed british comedians, including jessica stevenson, jimmy carr, martin freeman, mark heap, julia davis, robert webb, and olivia colman.	confetti, a 2006 british mockumentary romantic comedy film, was released on 5 may 2006. it was conceived and directed by debbie isitt and stars many british comedians, including jessica stevenson, jimmy carr, martin freeman, mark heap, julia davis, robert webb, and olivia colman.
surprisingly despite the success of the theory of special relativity, there are still detractors who insist on the existence of the aether.	despite the success of the theory of special relativity, there are still detractors who insist on the existence of the aether.
excellent tutorial for g-code	tutorial for g-code
when she showed the completed book to the distinguished historian arthur schlesinger, he recognized its value and urged her to offer it to harvard university press, which readily accepted it for publication.	when she showed the completed book to the historian arthur schlesinger, he recognized its value and urged her to offer it to harvard university press, which readily accepted it for publication.
the film earned $12 million in its first weekend of us release, and only managed $30 million in total us gross.	the film earned $12 million in its first weekend of us release, and managed $30 million in total us gross.
, rs, brazil) is a brazilian supermodel .	, rs, brazil) is a brazilian model .
this process can be appreciated by watching leni riefenstahl's triumph of the will, which chillingly presents the 1934 nuremberg rally.	this process can be appreciated by watching leni riefenstahl's triumph of the will, which presents the 1934 nuremberg rally.
midwesterners are alternately praised as open, friendly, and straightforward, or stereotyped as unsophisticated and stubborn.	midwesterners are alternately viewed as open, friendly, and straightforward, or stereotyped as unsophisticated and stubborn.
clinton memorably interviewed the geico gecko in april 2013.	clinton interviewed the geico gecko in april 2013.
a discussion was started early in 2007 when a ywca set up clouded windows to shelter ultra-orthodox jews who had grumbled that youngsters were subjected to women in gym attire.	a discussion was started early in 2007 when a ywca set up clouded windows to shelter ultra-orthodox jews who had complained that youngsters were subjected to women in gym attire.
upon the soviet withdrawal from the area, german authorities sent in film crews to document what had happened, and invited allegedly neutral observers as further witnesses.	upon the soviet withdrawal from the area, german authorities sent in film crews to document what had happened, and invited neutral observers as further witnesses.
some notable rulers that possessed charismatic authority include:	some notable rulers that have been characterized as possessing charismatic authority include:
she currently lives in new york city, where she also co-owns filth mart, a chic east village clothing store with best friend and ex-boyfriend michael sportes.	she currently lives in new york city , where she also co-owns filth mart, a east village clothing store with best friend and ex-boyfriend michael sportes.
one of fifteen state community and junior colleges in mississippi, northwest boasts a beautiful main campus in senatobia with satellite campuses in southaven and oxford.	one of fifteen state community and junior colleges in mississippi, northwest boasts a main campus in senatobia with satellite campuses in southaven and oxford.
going places has been described by prominent media researchers tim brooks and earle marsh as american television's ultimate expression of navel-gazing, as it was a program written by young television comedy writers about the lives of young television comedy writers.	going places has been described by media researchers tim brooks and earle marsh as american television's ultimate expression of navel-gazing, as it was a program written by young television comedy writers about the lives of young television comedy writers.
according to ball's friend, singer- comedienne kaye ballard, it was vanda barra, a featured actress frequently used on the lucy show, who finally persuaded crawford to continue with the show by giving her a much needed pep talk.	according to ball's friend, singer- comedian kaye ballard, it was vanda barra, a featured actress frequently used on the lucy show, who finally persuaded crawford to continue with the show by giving her a much needed pep talk.
"however, six weeks later, amidst what some have described as a ""media circus"" atmosphere involving false accusations of racism, zimmerman was charged with murder by a new prosecutor."	"however, six weeks later, amidst what some have described as a ""media circus"" atmosphere involving accusations of racism, zimmerman was charged with murder by a new prosecutor."
the senseless brutality of the sand creek massacre on 29 november 1864 brought war to the south platte river valley, as the cheyenne, lakota, and arapaho retaliated for the attack on a peaceful village of mostly women, children, and old men.	the brutality of the sand creek massacre on 29 november 1864 brought war to the south platte river valley, as the cheyenne, lakota, and arapaho retaliated for the attack on a peaceful village of mostly women, children, and old men.
u.s. televangelist pat robertson apologizes for calling for the assassination of president hugo chvez of venezuela.	u.s. televangelist pat robertson issues an apology for calling for the assassination of president hugo chvez of venezuela.
septimus heap is a popular series of fantasy novels, written by english author angie sage and featuring a protagonist of the same name.	septimus heap is a series of fantasy novels, written by english author angie sage and featuring a protagonist of the same name.
curtin began her writing career in the 1970s working on episodes of the popular television sitcom the mary tyler moore show.	curtin began her writing career in the 1970s working on episodes of the television sitcom the mary tyler moore show.
window glass was once again frameless, and shortly after introduction cadillac's excellent new northstar v8 became available.	window glass was once again frameless, and shortly after introduction cadillac's new northstar v8 became available.
but they sadly lost out against ipswich town 3-1 in the 4th round/last 16. it was the first club to set up a trust for supporters to work with the club as many have done.	but they lost out against ipswich town 3-1 in the 4th round/last 16. it was the first club to set up a trust for supporters to work with the club as many have done.
set on a hill top above romney marsh, the village offers breathtaking views over the marsh out towards lympne and dungeness.	set on a hill top above romney marsh, the village offers scenic views over the marsh out towards lympne and dungeness.
his first significant break was a semi-regular supporting role in the sitcom roseanne, playing roseanne barr's supervisor booker brooks, followed by the role of a construction worker on baby talk, a co-starring role on the cbs drama bodies of evidence as detective ryan walker, and then a year-long turn as sexy det.	his first significant break was a semi-regular supporting role in the sitcom roseanne, playing roseanne barr's supervisor booker brooks, followed by the role of a construction worker on baby talk, a co-starring role on the cbs drama bodies of evidence as detective ryan walker, and then a year-long turn as det.
originally used in reference to a person illegally crossing the u.s.-mexico border by swimming across the rio grande.	originally used in reference to a person crossing the u.s.-mexico border by swimming across the rio grande.
"laayoune (maghrebi arabic: , ; ; berber: leyun; literary arabic: , literally ""the springs"") is the largest city in western sahara."	"laayoune (maghrebi arabic: , ; ; berber: leyun; literary arabic: , literally ""the springs"") is the largest city of the disputed territory of western sahara."
dorothy provine (19372010), actress, singer, dancer, comedienne ; born in deadwood	dorothy provine (19372010), actress, singer, dancer, comedian ; born in deadwood
during ali's recent debate with javed ahmad ghamidi, a respected islamic scholar in pakistan, his website faithfreedom.org was banned by pakistan's isps.	during ali's recent debate with javed ahmad ghamidi, a islamic scholar in pakistan, his website faithfreedom.org was banned by pakistan's isps.
was founded in 2008 by a generous gift from dr. henry laufer.	was founded in 2008 by a gift from dr. henry laufer.
it has been noted that the sons of chep morrison, john mckeithen, sam houston jones, louis j. michot, and charles e. roemer, ii, all left their ancestral democratic party to join the fledgling louisiana gop, which as of 2006 had made considerable inroads in the state but had still elected only two governors and one u.s. senator.	it has been noted that the sons of chep morrison, john mckeithen, sam houston jones, louis j. michot, and charles e. roemer, ii, all left their ancestral democratic party to join the fledgling louisiana gop, which as of 2006 had made inroads in the state but had still elected only two governors and one u.s. senator.
publications often have year-end articles that review the changes during the previous year.	publications have year-end articles that review the changes during the previous year.
muslims describe many biblical figures, such as musa (moses) and isa (jesus) as muslims because they are said to have submitted to allah and preached his message as prophets.	muslims describe many biblical figures, such as musa (moses) and isa (jesus) as muslims because they are said to have submitted to god and preached his message as prophets.
quantitative easing is an orwellian term that refers to the creation of a significant amount of new money (usually electronically) by a central bank.	quantitative easing is an term that refers to the creation of a significant amount of new money (usually electronically) by a central bank.
"he was fond of quoting the alleged saying of nikita khrushchev ""we will bury you from within;"" reflecting his misguided belief that integration and desegregaton were a ""communist plot against boston."	"he was fond of quoting the alleged saying of nikita khrushchev ""we will bury you from within;"" reflecting his belief that integration and desegregaton were a ""communist plot against boston."
he also sang the title song of the film, dhadkan.	he sang the title song of the film, dhadkan.
"except for small set charges applying to most adults for prescriptions, optician services and dentistry, the nhs is free for all patients ""ordinarily resident"" in the uk at the point of use irrespective of whether any national insurance contributions have been paid; those who are not ""ordinarily resident"" (including british nationals who have paid ni contributions in the past) are liable to charges for services other than that given in accident and emergency departments or ""walk-in"" centres."	"except for set charges applying to most adults for prescriptions, optician services and dentistry, the nhs is free for all patients ""ordinarily resident"" in the uk at the point of use irrespective of whether any national insurance contributions have been paid; those who are not ""ordinarily resident"" (including british nationals who have paid ni contributions in the past) are liable to charges for services other than that given in accident and emergency departments or ""walk-in"" centres."
completing hero, dark, or neutral missions affects which levels are played.	completing hero, dark, or normal missions affects which levels are played.
anti-clerical waves have been seen in quebec since 1960. the quiet revolution is characterised essentially by an opening toward socialism and the objection to the social model dictated by the church and the clergy.	anti-clerical waves have been seen in quebec since 1960. the quiet revolution is characterised essentially by an opening toward socialism and the objection to the social model advanced by the church and the clergy.
bill bryson, in his humorous travel guide to the appalachian trail, a walk in the woods, describes a visit to the town.	bill bryson, in his travel guide to the appalachian trail, a walk in the woods, describes a visit to the town.
stephanie courtney (born 1970), american actor and comedienne	stephanie courtney (born 1970), american actor and comedian
however , after the priests imprisonment, bergoglio worked behind the scenes for their release; his intercession with dictator jorge rafael videla on their behalf may have saved their lives.	according to his own testimony in his autobiography , after the priests imprisonment, bergoglio worked behind the scenes for their release; his intercession with dictator jorge rafael videla on their behalf may have saved their lives.
"these conflicts included a customs dispute with austria-hungary beginning in 1906 (commonly referred to as the ""pig war""); the bosnian crisis of 19081909, in which serbia assumed an attitude of protest over austria-hungary's annexation of bosnia-herzegovina (ending in serbian acquiescence without compensation in march 1909); and finally the two balkan wars of 19121913, in which serbia conquered macedonia and kosovo from the ottoman empire and drove out bulgaria."	"these conflicts included a customs dispute with austria-hungary beginning in 1906 (commonly referred to as the ""pig war""); the bosnian crisis of 19081909, in which serbia assumed an attitude of protest over austria-hungary's annexation of bosnia-herzegovina (ending in serbian acquiescence without compensation in march 1909); and finally the two balkan wars of 19121913, in which serbia acquired macedonia and kosovo from the ottoman empire and drove out bulgaria."
in august 2016 high-profile ukrainian mps svitlana zalishchuk, serhiy leshchenko and mustafa nayyem from the petro poroshenko bloc defected to democratic alliance.	in august 2016 high-profile ukrainian mps svitlana zalishchuk, serhiy leshchenko and mustafa nayyem from the petro poroshenko bloc joined to democratic alliance.
she is currently employed under her married name, monica krempasky, at corallo media strategies, a virginia public relations shop run by former john ashcroft spokesman mark corallo.	she is currently employed under her married name, monica krempasky, at corallo media strategies, a virginia public relations firm run by former john ashcroft spokesman mark corallo.
the makati science high school (makati science, formal or maksci, informal) is a prestigious public secondary school located in barangay cembo, district 1 makati city, 1200, philippines.	the makati science high school (makati science, formal or maksci, informal) is a public secondary school located in barangay cembo, district 1 makati city, 1200, philippines.
nadim al magrebi is a muslim militant organization which seeks to remove ceuta and melilla from spanish occupation .	nadim al magrebi is a muslim militant organization which seeks to remove ceuta and melilla from spanish.
designed to be equipped with a powerful 85 mm main gun, by the time it was fully tested the t-34 had also moved to this weapon.	designed to be equipped with a 85 mm main gun, by the time it was fully tested the t-34 had also moved to this weapon.
israel states many of the civilian casualties have been caused by the tactic of using human shields at legitimate targets.	israel states many of the civilian casualties have been caused by the tactic of using human shields at targets.
in the same season he was also heavily criticized for rolling his eyes at a reference to the virginia tech tragedy , although, with the help of video evidence, it was proved that he was rolling his eyes at one of his fellow judges, paula abdul, not the virginia tech massacre.	in the same season he was also heavily criticized for rolling his eyes at a reference to the virginia tech shootings , although, with the help of video evidence, it was proved that he was rolling his eyes at one of his fellow judges, paula abdul, not the virginia tech massacre.
the dendra armour or dendra panoply, is an exquisite example of mycenaean craftsmanship.	the dendra armour or dendra panoply, is an example of mycenaean craftsmanship.
professors of history at royal holloway, university of london opined in the guardian that the portrayal of mohnke as a humanitarian concerned for the welfare of civilians was at odds with the historical record.	professors of history at royal holloway, university of london said in the guardian that the portrayal of mohnke as a humanitarian concerned for the welfare of civilians was at odds with the historical record.
unfortunately this applies only to settlements where more than 20% of the population speak hungarian.	this applies only to settlements where more than 20% of the population speak hungarian.
"on more than one occasion, editorial problems or corporate pressure to modify or re-script his plotlines have forced david to leave books, particularly his decision to leave marvel's x-factor, due to constantly having to constrain his plots to accommodate crossover events planned around it and other ""mutant"" titles (such as x-men, x-force, etc)."	"on more than one occasion, editorial problems or corporate pressure to modify or re-script his plotlines have prompted david to leave books, particularly his decision to leave marvel's x-factor, due to constantly having to constrain his plots to accommodate crossover events planned around it and other ""mutant"" titles (such as x-men, x-force, etc)."
because the city is not adjacent to the new hampshire border, this would create an enclave.	because the town is not adjacent to the new hampshire border, this would create an enclave.
colchester has a proud tradition of its citizen volunteers serving in the territorial army.	colchester has a tradition of its citizen volunteers serving in the territorial army.
during this time, fox also featured weekly lowbrow shows such as world's wildest police videos and when animals attack.	during this time, fox also featured weekly shows such as world's wildest police videos and when animals attack.
in more recent years, billy mckee has been an outspoken critic of the belfast agreement and of the reformist politics of provisional sinn fein.	in more recent years, billy mckee has been an outspoken critic of the belfast agreement and of the reformist politics of sinn fein.
professor philip zimbardo testified for the defense but obviously to no avail.	professor philip zimbardo testified for the defense but to no avail.
the man booker prize for fiction, also known as the booker prize, is one of the world's most important literary prizes, and awarded each year for the best original full-length novel written by a citizen of the commonwealth or the republic of ireland in the english language.	the man booker prize for fiction, also known as the booker prize, is one of the world's most prestigious literary prizes, and awarded each year for the best original full-length novel written by a citizen of the commonwealth or the republic of ireland in the english language.
the twitter campaign also received the support of several politicians including british prime minister gordon brown.	the campaign also received the support of several politicians including british prime minister gordon brown.
"for the present, villanova will continue to compete for national championships in the college football championship subdivision as a proud member of the colonial athletic conference (""caa"")."	"for the present, villanova will continue to compete for national championships in the college football championship subdivision as a member of the colonial athletic conference (""caa"")."
the show was justly praised for the exceptional quality of its miniature vehicles and sets.	the show was praised for the exceptional quality of its miniature vehicles and sets.
goody's is an upscale american chain of department stores, owned and operated by stage stores, inc. and headquartered in houston, tx, that specializes in retailing on-trend apparel, accessories, cosmetics, footwear, and housewares.	goody's is an american chain of department stores, owned and operated by stage stores, inc. and headquartered in houston, tx, that specializes in retailing on-trend apparel, accessories, cosmetics, footwear, and housewares.
a map distributed by extreme macedonian nationalists circa 1993. shows the geographical region of macedonia split with barbed wire between the republic of macedonia (fyrom), bulgaria and greece.	a map distributed by macedonian nationalists circa 1993. shows the geographical region of macedonia split with barbed wire between the republic of macedonia (fyrom), bulgaria and greece.
rivera was an anti-catholic religious activist who falsely claimed to have been a jesuit priest before becoming a fundamentalist protestant.	rivera was an anti-catholic religious activist who claimed to have been a jesuit priest before becoming a fundamentalist protestant.
besides their tremendous innovation in the entire genre of funk music, george clinton and p-funk are still heard often today, especially in hip-hop sampling.	besides their innovation in the entire genre of funk music, george clinton and p-funk are still heard often today, especially in hip-hop sampling.
"the euromaidan (, literally ""eurosquare"") protests started in november 2013 after the president, viktor yanukovych, began shying away from an association agreement that had been in the works with the european union and instead chose to establish closer ties with the russian federation."	"the euromaidan (, literally ""eurosquare"") protests started in november 2013 after the president, viktor yanukovych, began moving away from an association agreement that had been in the works with the european union and instead chose to establish closer ties with the russian federation."
it contains a magnificent painting by lucas cranach the elder, representing the last supper (with the faces of luther and other reformers), baptism and confession, also a font by hermann vischer the elder (1457).	it contains a painting by lucas cranach the elder, representing the last supper (with the faces of luther and other reformers), baptism and confession, also a font by hermann vischer the elder (1457).
the long-term political purpose of the new language is for every member of the party and society, except the proles the working-class of oceania to exclusively communicate in newspeak, by the year ad 2050; during that 66-year transition, the usage of oldspeak (standard english) shall remain interspersed among newspeak conversations.	the long-term political purpose of the new language is for every member of the party and society, except the proles the working-class of oceania to exclusively communicate in newspeak, by the year a.d. 2050; during that 66-year transition, the usage of oldspeak (standard english) shall remain interspersed among newspeak conversations.
boxwood public school is a jk-8 elementary school located in a nice quiet neighbourhood in the town of markham, ontario, canada.	boxwood public school is a jk-8 elementary school located in a quiet neighbourhood in the town of markham, ontario, canada.
rossdale modelled briefly, producing some embarrassing fashion shots with good friend, marilyn.	rossdale modelled briefly, producing some fashion shots with good friend, marilyn.
callan was removed from his post as administrator at corpus christi church in rochester, ny after a number of complaints were made to the vatican about his church's policies of blessing homosexual unions, inviting non-catholics to receive communion, having pastoral associate, mary ramerman, dress and act like a priest, and other issues.	callan was removed from his post as administrator at corpus christi church in rochester, ny after a number of complaints were made to the vatican about his church's policies of blessing same-sex unions, inviting non-catholics to receive communion, having pastoral associate, mary ramerman, dress and act like a priest, and other issues.
israel maintains that shehada constituted a ticking bomb, and was in the process of preparing another large-scale terrorist attack inside israel.	israel maintains that shehada constituted a ticking bomb, and was in the process of preparing another large-scale attack inside israel.
"reason magazine has also reported that from 1989 to 1994, a period during which rockwell headed the mises institute, ""rockwell and the prominent libertarian theorist murray rothbard championed an open strategy of exploiting racial and class resentment to build a coalition with populist 'paleoconservatives.'"""	"reason magazine has also alleged that from 1989 to 1994, a period during which rockwell headed the mises institute, ""rockwell and the prominent libertarian theorist murray rothbard championed an open strategy of exploiting racial and class resentment to build a coalition with populist 'paleoconservatives.'"""
having written the opinion piece published on 30 july 2013 in the daily news calling for whistleblower bradley manning to be executed, kirchick got invited to appear on rt's live panel discussion awaiting manning's sentencing on wednesday, 21 august 2013. he accepted and got connected via remote linkup from stockholm, however, once it was his turn to speak, kirchick refused to discuss the subject of manning's sentencing, instead choosing to protest russian legislation that he considered homophobic.	having written the opinion piece published on 30 july 2013 in the daily news calling for leaker bradley manning to be executed, kirchick got invited to appear on rt's live panel discussion awaiting manning's sentencing on wednesday, 21 august 2013. he accepted and got connected via remote linkup from stockholm, however, once it was his turn to speak, kirchick refused to discuss the subject of manning's sentencing, instead choosing to protest russian legislation that he considered homophobic.
the joe horn shooting controversy refers to the events of november 14, 2007, in pasadena, texas, united states when a local patriot joe horn shot and killed two men burglarizing his neighbor's home.	the joe horn shooting controversy refers to the events of november 14, 2007, in pasadena, texas, united states when a local resident joe horn shot and killed two men burglarizing his neighbor's home.
he is the founder of the popular label no limit records, which went bankrupt and was relaunched as new no limit records through universal records & koch records, followed by guttar music entertainment, & currently now no limit forever records.	he is the founder of the label no limit records, which went bankrupt and was relaunched as new no limit records through universal records & koch records, followed by guttar music entertainment, & currently now no limit forever records.
his risk and proficiency left us with the imprint for an art form that has continued to flourish long after his passing .	his risk and proficiency left us with the imprint for an art form that has continued to flourish long after his death .
h. reid (another famous rail photographer to capture last days of steam)	h. reid (another rail photographer to capture last days of steam)
the sequel was considerably more graphic and violent than the original, due to the fact that a larger amount of gore was present in the film and was consequently banned in australia for 20 years, but finally released on dvd in a revised special edition in october 2006. the sequel was less well-received by the critics, as they felt it had moved away from the terror of the original for the sake of dark humor.	the sequel was considerably more graphic and violent than the original, due to the fact that a larger amount of gore was present in the film and was consequently banned in australia for 20 years, but released on dvd in a revised special edition in october 2006. the sequel was less well-received by the critics, as they felt it had moved away from the terror of the original for the sake of dark humor.
they were joined by socialist and other leftist organizations on may 1. on may 1, 2007, a mostly peaceful demonstration in los angeles in support of illegal immigrant workers ended with a widely televised assault by police officers.	they were joined by socialist and other leftist organizations on may 1. on may 1, 2007, a mostly peaceful demonstration in los angeles in support of illegal immigrant workers ended with a widely televised dispersal by police officers.
it is a rehash of super street fighter ii turbo (the fifth arcade iteration of the street fighter ii sub-series) featuring the original game and a	it is a remake of super street fighter ii turbo (the fifth arcade iteration of the street fighter ii sub-series) featuring the original game and a
kailar was liberated by greek forces on october 15 1912.	kailar was occupied by greek forces on october 15 1912.
the different types of saxophone use similar designs, varying mainly only in size (and therefore pitch), meaning that once a player has learned to play one it is relatively easy for her/him to translate the skills into another.	the different types of saxophone use similar designs, varying mainly only in size (and therefore pitch), meaning that once a player has learned to play one it is relatively easy for them to translate the skills into another.
"she followed this up by appearing in prince's controversial music video for his song ""cinnamon girl""."	"she followed this up by appearing in prince's music video for his song ""cinnamon girl""."
gogolak attended cornell university where he was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.	gogolak attended cornell university where he was elected to the sphinx head society.
after a failed pre-emptive strike by pakistan, full-scale hostilities between the two countries commenced.	after a large scale pre-emptive strike by pakistan, full-scale hostilities between the two countries commenced.
the game ends with what many fans assume to be the teaser trailer for kingdom hearts ii (a trailer which was also available in our version by doing a lot of side-quests) a sequel which has recently been announced.	the game ends with what many fans assume to be the teaser trailer for kingdom hearts ii (a trailer which was also available in the north american version by doing a lot of side-quests) a sequel which has recently been announced.
relations improved tremendously in 1988 when major trade agreements were signed between israel and colombia.	relations improved in 1988 when major trade agreements were signed between israel and colombia.
mara elena velasco, 74, mexican actress, comedienne and film producer (la india mara), stomach cancer.	mara elena velasco, 74, mexican actress, comedian and film producer (la india mara), stomach cancer.
an open sightseeing platform on the 52nd floor at the height of 186 meters (610 ft) offers a breathtaking view of the city.	an open sightseeing platform on the 52nd floor at the height of 186 meters (610 ft) offers a panoramic view of the city.
"ruddy, who serves as editor-in-chief, bills newsmax.com as ""the leading online news site with a conservative perspective."""	"ruddy, who serves as editor-in-chief, describes newsmax.com as ""the leading online news site with a conservative perspective."""
robert h. hunkins was the second cousin twice removed of influential quaker poet john greenleaf whittier.	robert h. hunkins was the second cousin twice removed of quaker poet john greenleaf whittier.
it seems it was used by barbarian kingdoms after the 5th/6th century and partially rebuilt and increased	it seems it was used by non-roman kingdoms after the 5th/6th century and partially rebuilt and increased
the independence of the modern state of israel was achieved in 1948 after more than sixty years of efforts by zionist leaders to establish sovereignty and self-determination in the jewish national homeland.	the independence of the modern state of israel was declared in 1948 after more than sixty years of efforts by zionist leaders to establish sovereignty and self-determination in the jewish national homeland.
hec paris is an international business school located in jouy-en-josas , france.	hec paris is an international business school located in the south of paris, france.
"noting how many days have passed since president bush gave his infamous mission accomplished speech, olbermann then signs off with the classic edward r. murrow quote ""good night and good luck"" before sending to the next msnbc program by tossing his script at the camera."	"noting how many days have passed since president bush gave his mission accomplished speech, olbermann then signs off with the classic edward r. murrow quote ""good night and good luck"" before sending to the next msnbc program by tossing his script at the camera."
"a fellow muslim officer at fort hood said hasan's eyes ""lit up"" when gushing about al-awlaki's teachings."	"a fellow muslim officer at fort hood said hasan's eyes ""lit up"" when talking about al-awlaki's teachings."
yet many hold the view that any life stance or belief in a moral code, whether good or bad in the eyes of man, is religious.	yet others hold the view that any life stance or belief in a moral code, whether good or bad in the eyes of man, is religious.
she received sufficient votes to embarrass the incumbent into a runoff election, which jefferson won.	she received sufficient votes to force the incumbent into a runoff election, which jefferson won.
in a letter to the editor describing fallacious mathematical arguments used by critics of evolutionary theory, jason rosenhouse stated:	in a letter to the editor describing mathematical arguments used by critics of evolutionary theory, jason rosenhouse stated:
for a long time the korowai have had the enviable distinction of being considered the people most resistant to religious conversion.	for a long time the korowai have had the distinction of being considered the people most resistant to religious conversion.
after his passing , a documentary on his life was made in 1988 titled the ultimate stuntman: a tribute to dar robinson.	after his death , a documentary on his life was made in 1988 titled the ultimate stuntman: a tribute to dar robinson.
hexham is a prosperous market town and civil parish in northumberland, england, located south of the river tyne, and was the administrative centre for the tynedale district from 1974 to 2009. the three major towns in tynedale were hexham, prudhoe and haltwhistle, although in terms of population, prudhoe was the largest.	hexham is a market town and civil parish in northumberland, england, located south of the river tyne, and was the administrative centre for the tynedale district from 1974 to 2009. the three major towns in tynedale were hexham, prudhoe and haltwhistle, although in terms of population, prudhoe was the largest.
all the original cast members will return except david graf (eugene tackleberry), who unfortunately died of a heart attack in april of 2001.	all the original cast members will return except david graf (eugene tackleberry), who died of a heart attack in april of 2001.
man with two shadows is the third episode of the third series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	man with two shadows is the third episode of the third series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
graduates include numerous cardinals, bishops, priests and nuns.	graduates include cardinals, bishops, priests and nuns.
"due to sensationalistic media coverage, postal employees gained a mostly undeserved reputation among the general public as being mentally ill. this stereotype in turn has influenced american culture, as seen in the slang term ""going postal"" (see patrick sherrill for information on his august 20, 1986, rampage) and the computer game postal."	"due to media coverage, postal employees gained a mostly undeserved reputation among the general public as being mentally ill. this stereotype in turn has influenced american culture, as seen in the slang term ""going postal"" (see patrick sherrill for information on his august 20, 1986, rampage) and the computer game postal."
"the christian superstition could be said to have, in part, grown out of the ancient persian religion of the ""mithra cult."""	"the christian religioun could be said to have, in part, grown out of the ancient persian religion of the ""mithra cult."""
jeff davis, a multi-talented actor/comedian, raised in southern california, started his acting career at the tender age of 4 at the groundlings theater in hollywood, playing linus in you're a good man, charlie brown.	jeff davis, a multi-talented actor/comedian, raised in southern california, started his acting career at the age of 4 at the groundlings theater in hollywood, playing linus in you're a good man, charlie brown.
greenland has a small population of 56,000, of which 87% are greenlandic, a mixture of inuit and european races.	greenland has a population of 56,000, of which 87% are greenlandic, a mixture of inuit and european races.
"other agencies were involved as part of ""task forces,"" but the project was terminated in july 2013 by republican opposition within the washington state senate."	"other agencies were involved as part of ""task forces,"" but the project was terminated in july 2013 by opposition within the washington state senate."
typical femslash sites	femslash sites
the azerbaijanis are an ethnic group mainly in the republic of azerbaijan and northwestern iran.	the azerbaijanis are a turkic ethnic group mainly in the republic of azerbaijan and northwestern iran.
other important sights are the stately houses and magnificent palaces in the city, mainly of the 16th century: palaces of the count of morata or luna (audiencia), den, torrero (colegio de arquitectos), don lope or real maestranza, count of sstago, count of argillo (today the pablo gargallo museum), archbishop, etc.	other important sights are the stately houses and palaces in the city, mainly of the 16th century: palaces of the count of morata or luna (audiencia), den, torrero (colegio de arquitectos), don lope or real maestranza, count of sstago, count of argillo (today the pablo gargallo museum), archbishop, etc.
this appalling state persisted for ten months.	this state persisted for ten months.
writer peter david writes the story in such a way that both povs are understandable.	writer peter david writes the story in such a way that both points of view are understandable.
the society was founded in 1973 and continues to hold a programme of lectures during the winter in kendal and summer field excursions, looking at the fascinating field geology of the lake district and beyond.	the society was founded in 1973 and continues to hold a programme of lectures during the winter in kendal and summer field excursions, looking at the field geology of the lake district and beyond.
messy datasets have prevented accurate assessments.	disorganized datasets have prevented accurate assessments.
unfortunatly the dvd is now out of print in most stores and websites.	the dvd is now out of print in most stores and websites.
simpson criminal trial, the american involvement in mogadishu and the events at the branch davidian compound in waco, texas.	simpson criminal trial, the american involvement in mogadishu and the events at the branch davidian site in waco, texas.
on 8 july 2016, prominent rebel and hizbul mujahideen commander, burhan muzaffar wani, was shot dead by indian security forces.	on 8 july 2016, prominent militant and hizbul mujahideen commander, burhan muzaffar wani, was shot dead by indian security forces.
since the late 2000s, numerous high-definition photos taken by the lroc spacecraft of the apollo landing sites have captured the lander modules and the tracks left by the astronauts.	since the late 2000s, high-definition photos taken by the lroc spacecraft of the apollo landing sites have captured the lander modules and the tracks left by the astronauts.
it is still propagated by many traditionalist and sedevacantist catholics, who believe it accurately describes the changes in the church in the post-vatican ii era.	it is still circulated by many traditionalist and sedevacantist catholics, who believe it accurately describes the changes in the church in the post-vatican ii era.
the beautiful french riviera	the french riviera
the operation was named after second lieutenant rajiv pande, who had been martyred during an earlier attempt to capture the peak.	the operation was named after second lieutenant rajiv pande, who had been killed during an earlier attempt to capture the peak.
entertainment has generally replaced the defense industry as the primary employer, who are attracted by the relative safety and security offered by its own police and fire departments, excellent schools and hospital.	entertainment has generally replaced the defense industry as the primary employer, who are attracted by the relative safety and security offered by its own police and fire departments, highly rated schools and hospital.
the japanese copy of the treaty varied greatly from the allied in the following ways:	the japanese copy of the treaty varied from the allied in the following ways:
song #6 from the band's follow-up album was featured in the critically-acclaimed 2004 movie code 46.	song #6 from the band's follow-up album was featured in the 2004 movie code 46.
the plan called for the demolition of hundreds of antiquated downtown structures in favor of renewed parking, office building, and retail developments, in addition to public projects such as the myriad convention center and the myriad botanical gardens.	the plan called for the demolition of hundreds of old downtown structures in favor of renewed parking, office building, and retail developments, in addition to public projects such as the myriad convention center and the myriad botanical gardens.
during the official stage of action t4, 70,273 people were killed, but the nuremberg trials found evidence that german and austrian physicians continued the murder of patients after october 1941 and that about 275,000 people were killed under t4.	during the official stage of action t4, 70,273 people were killed, but the nuremberg trials found evidence that german and austrian physicians continued the killing of patients after october 1941 and that about 275,000 people were killed under t4.
agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights (trips agreement), chemical patent, community patent, eu directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions, eurasian patent organisation (eapo), european patent convention (epc), european patent office (epo or epoff), european patent organisation (epo or eporg), intellectual property, law, letters patent, list of notorious software patents, list of top united states patent recipients, paris convention for the protection of industrial property, patent cooperation treaty (pct), patent law treaty (plt), software patent, software patents under the european patent convention, united states patent and trademark office (uspto), world intellectual property organization (wipo).	agreement on trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights (trips agreement), chemical patent, community patent, eu directive on the patentability of computer-implemented inventions, eurasian patent organisation (eapo), european patent convention (epc), european patent office (epo or epoff), european patent organisation (epo or eporg), intellectual property, law, letters patent, list of software patents, list of top united states patent recipients, paris convention for the protection of industrial property, patent cooperation treaty (pct), patent law treaty (plt), software patent, software patents under the european patent convention, united states patent and trademark office (uspto), world intellectual property organization (wipo).
the best-known version of the jewish deluge legend is contained in the book of genesis (genesis 69).	the best-known version of the jewish deluge story is contained in the book of genesis (genesis 69).
the airfield at lunga point on guadalcanal under construction by japanese and korean slave-workers in july 1942.	the airfield at lunga point on guadalcanal under construction by japanese and korean laborers in july 1942.
charles armington robins (december 8, 1884 september 20, 1970) was a physician and the 22nd governor of idaho.	charles armington robins (december 8, 1884 september 20, 1970) was an american physician and the 22nd governor of idaho.
although many theories have been advanced, jack the ripper's identity has never been determined .	although many theories have been advanced, jack the ripper's identity has never been proven .
fredericton, in addition to being the capital of the province, is a genteel university town, and home to the beaverbrook art gallery, theatre new brunswick, the new brunswick sports hall of fame, and other amenities, including christ church cathedral, whose foundation is the oldest in canada or the united states.	fredericton, in addition to being the capital of the province, is a university town, and home to the beaverbrook art gallery, theatre new brunswick, the new brunswick sports hall of fame, and other amenities, including christ church cathedral, whose foundation is the oldest in canada or the united states.
dives and lazarus, also called lazarus and dives or the rich man and the beggar lazarus, is one of the parables of jesus.	dives and lazarus, also called lazarus and dives or the rich man and the beggar lazarus, is one of the stories of jesus.
wings achieved widespread notoriety during the 1970s despite continual personnel changes.	wings achieved widespread fame during the 1970s despite continual personnel changes.
the next year, gray again began his season at double-a, despite his masterful performance the season before.	the next year, gray again began his season at double-a, despite his performance the season before.
"the times patronizingly said that 'the material is of the humblest...nothing in this is beyond the novelette...""."	"the times said that 'the material is of the humblest...nothing in this is beyond the novelette...""."
israel maintains that the wall is a security measure to prevent terrorist attacks (and points to its current success in doing so), but also insists that it is a temporary measure, and that final borders can only be decided through negotiation.	israel maintains that the barrier is a security measure to prevent terrorist attacks (and points to its current success in doing so), but also insists that it is a temporary measure, and that final borders can only be decided through negotiation.
as of june 2016, all of the forest along the west-side right of way (and some additional land) of i-75 from i-285 to i-575 has been destroyed for the project, and some sections are nearly complete.	as of june 2016, all of the forest along the west-side right of way (and some additional land) of i-75 from i-285 to i-575 has been razed for the project, and some sections are nearly complete.
its first major box office success was american psycho in 2000, which began a trend of producing and distributing films far too controversial for the major american studios.	its first major box office success was american psycho in 2000, which began a trend of producing and distributing films too controversial for the major american studios.
charles thomas ireland, jr. (1921-1972) was a president of cbs, whose appointment from another company and then surprising death caused turmoil within the corporation.	charles thomas ireland, jr. (1921-1972) was a president of cbs, whose appointment from another company and then death caused turmoil within the corporation.
e11 enters brandenburg near gross-marzehns and crosses broad treeless agrarian land towards the picturesque town of belzig.	e11 enters brandenburg near gross-marzehns and crosses broad treeless agrarian land towards the town of belzig.
bush, a friend of his well-respected father, and first lady jenny sanford, the wife of governor mark sanford.	bush, a friend of his father, and first lady jenny sanford, the wife of governor mark sanford.
mota was traded to boston along with josh beckett and mike lowell for prospects, including superstar shortstop hanley ramirez, to the florida marlins.	mota was traded to boston along with josh beckett and mike lowell for prospects, including highly regarded shortstop hanley ramirez , to the florida marlins.
"this is confirmed by the saying of prophet muhammad, ""a person may utter a word he thinks harmless, which results in his falling the depth of seventy years into hellfire."""	"this is confirmed by the saying of muhammad, ""a person may utter a word he thinks harmless, which results in his falling the depth of seventy years into hellfire."""
my little pony: the movie is an animated feature film based on the popular my little pony toy line.	my little pony: the movie is an animated feature film based on the my little pony toy line.
regretably the remains were removed but not before they were recorded and photographed.	the remains were removed but not before they were recorded and photographed.
edward's father was also a strident abolitionist.	edward's father was also a passioante abolitionist.
at the 1971 leadership convention, an extremist group called the waffle tried to take control of the party, but were defeated by david lewis with the help of trade union members.	at the 1971 leadership convention, an activist group called the waffle tried to take control of the party, but were defeated by david lewis with the help of trade union members.
it runs from the raichberg through the towns of albstadt and through a picturesque valley of the swabian jura, where it's name is schmeie.	it runs from the raichberg through the towns of albstadt and through a valley of the swabian jura, where it's name is schmeie.
"in 2003, the beautiful boy was published, an art history book about the beauty of teenage boys, which is illustrated with 200 photographs of what the guardian disparagingly called ""succulent teenage male beauty""."	"in 2003, the beautiful boy was published, an art history book about the beauty of teenage boys, which is illustrated with 200 photographs of what the guardian called ""succulent teenage male beauty""."
it won the prestigious campaign for real ale (camra) award of 'regional pub of the year' in 1996/7 and again in 1998/9.	it won the campaign for real ale (camra) award of 'regional pub of the year' in 1996/7 and again in 1998/9.
a materialist would see a narrative that relates supernatural, fantastic things like angels, demons etc., as problematic as a historical source.	a post-enlightenment historian would see a narrative that relates supernatural, fantastic things like angels, demons etc., as problematic as a historical source.
these factors can be local, transnational, global or combination of local, transnational or global.	these structured actions can be local, transnational, global or combination of local, transnational or global.
unfortunately few pibrochs are pure examples of any of these structures though most can be fit into one of the first three with a slight modification of one or two of the phrases in one or more lines.	few pibrochs are pure examples of any of these structures though most can be fit into one of the first three with a slight modification of one or two of the phrases in one or more lines.
humbert's desperate affections for lo are also rivaled by another pedophile , the playwright clare quilty, who has been pursuing lo from the beginning.	humbert's desperate affections for lo are also rivaled by another man , the playwright clare quilty, who has been pursuing lo from the beginning.
tunisia has close relations with both the european union with whom it has an association agreement and the arab world.	tunisia is a repressive dictatorship which enjoys close relations with both the european union with whom it has an association agreement and the arab world.
the fortress-like first floor of the j. edgar hoover building on pennsylvania avenue nw.	the first floor of the j. edgar hoover building on pennsylvania avenue nw.
the turkey is a large delicious bird in the meleagris genus, which is native to the americas.	the turkey is a large bird in the meleagris genus, which is native to the americas.
during the anglo-french wars, the abenaki were allies of france, having been displaced from their ndakinna by immigrating english people.	during the anglo-french wars, the abenaki were allies of france, having been displaced from ndakinna by immigrating english people.
chika: a documentary performance (2005), a story about a japanese tourist, chika honda, wrongfully incarcerated in australian prisons for a decade, combined sounds from kanamori's radio documentary chika (2004), live narration, projected photographs, live original music and dance.	chika: a documentary performance (2005), a story about a japanese tourist, chika honda, incarcerated in australian prisons for a decade, combined sounds from kanamori's radio documentary chika (2004), live narration, projected photographs, live original music and dance.
for the same reasons, onanism was also considered harmful to the reich, but treated lightly.	for the same reasons, masturbation was also considered harmful to the reich, but treated lightly.
lorenzo was brutally stabbed but escaped; however the attackers managed to kill giuliano.	lorenzo was stabbed but escaped; however the attackers managed to kill giuliano.
it was originally a hamlet, but is currently undergoing develment as a new village, with a target population of 2,000.	it was originally a hamlet, but is currently undergoing development as a new village, with a target population of 2,000.
he teaches four massive open online courses on the online learning platform coursera namely algorithms part i and part ii, analytic combinatorics and analysis of algorithms.	he teaches four large-scope open online courses on the online learning platform coursera namely algorithms part i and part ii, analytic combinatorics and analysis of algorithms.
the gamecube version was also bashed for its unstable frame rate and inferior graphics.	the gamecube version was also criticized for its unstable frame rate and inferior graphics.
this territory is roughly the areas of modern day israel, palestine, lebanon, western jordan, and western syria.	this territory is roughly the areas of modern day israel, the palestinian territories , lebanon, western jordan, and western syria.
"in the words of samuel p. huntington, ""the united states, of course, is the sole state with preeminence in every domain of power economic, military, diplomatic, ideological, technological, and cultural with the reach and capabilities to promote its interests in virtually every part of the world."""	"in the opinion of samuel p. huntington, ""the united states, of course, is the sole state with preeminence in every domain of power economic, military, diplomatic, ideological, technological, and cultural with the reach and capabilities to promote its interests in virtually every part of the world."""
the team scored 417 points during the season, while giving up just 231.	the team scored 417 points during the season, while giving up 231.
latch schematics from the eccles and jordan patent filed 1918, one drawn as a cascade of amplifiers with a positive feedback path, and the other as a symmetric cross-coupled pair	bistable circuit schematics from the eccles and jordan patent filed 1918, one drawn as a cascade of amplifiers with a positive feedback path, and the other as a symmetric cross-coupled pair
on the other hand, while respecting each person's freedom of religion and search for truth, ratzinger says that when there is rebellion against the light of truth revealed by christ on man's origin and purpose, man is imprisoned in darkness.	on the other hand, while espousing respect for each person's freedom of religion and search for truth, ratzinger says that when there is rebellion against the light of truth revealed by christ on man's origin and purpose, man is imprisoned in darkness.
in august 2010, a report by the federation of american scientists (fas) confirmed that only a handful of illicit manpads were recovered from terrorist caches in iraq in 2009, according to media reports and interviews with military sources.	in august 2010, a report by the federation of american scientists (fas) confirmed that only a handful of illicit manpads were recovered from national resistance caches in iraq in 2009, according to media reports and interviews with military sources.
a sexy woman sunbathing	a woman sunbathing
uses of non-neutral networks	benefits of non-neutral networks
on 1 april 2015, it was reported that 150 isil fighters had been killed, reducing the number of isil in the city to around 250. late on 1 april, iraqi security forces reported that they had recaptured 95% of tikrit, with only around 30 isil militants reportedly left hiding inside of some houses in the northern parts of the city, hoping to escape under the cover of night.	on 1 april 2015, it was reported that 150 isil fighters had been killed, reducing the number of isil in the city to around 250. late on 1 april, iraqi security forces reported that they had recaptured 95% of tikrit, with only around 30 isil fighters reportedly left hiding inside of some houses in the northern parts of the city, hoping to escape under the cover of night.
also under the auspices of hsr is the famous harvard bartending course and the sat sos prep course.	also under the auspices of hsr is the harvard bartending course and the sat sos prep course.
"'s major-label debut chopper city in the ghetto came out in 1999. the album spawned the massive hit ""bling bling"", which, along with juvenile's ""back that azz up"", made cash money a nation wide success."	"'s major-label debut chopper city in the ghetto came out in 1999. the album spawned the hit ""bling bling"", which, along with juvenile's ""back that azz up"", made cash money a nation wide success."
in theology, divine providence, or simply providence, is god's actions in the world.	in theology, divine providence, or simply providence, is god's interventions in the world.
during the inauguration ceremony performed by the king, customarily at the saln de audiencias in the zarzuela palace, the president elect of the government takes an oath of office over an open constitution and next to the holy bible.	during the inauguration ceremony performed by the king, customarily at the saln de audiencias in the zarzuela palace, the president elect of the government takes an oath of office over an open constitution and next to the bible.
from 1974 and after, the song would go on to begin or bookend a lot of the dead's infamous jam medleys.	from 1974 and after, the song would go on to begin or bookend a lot of the dead's jam medleys.
"the only other song not to feature dallas green's orgasmic vocals is the bonus track ""my god is a reasonable man"", while the only other track not to feature george pettit's vocals is ""side walks when she walks"", from the album watch out!."	"the only other song not to feature dallas green's vocals is the bonus track ""my god is a reasonable man"", while the only other track not to feature george pettit's vocals is ""side walks when she walks"", from the album watch out!."
a weaker sound is masked if it is made inaudible in the presence of a louder sound.	a quieter sound is masked if it is made inaudible in the presence of a louder sound.
ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american best-selling author, columnist and far-right political commentator.	ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american best-selling author, columnist and conservative political commentator.
raymond e. brown have convincingly argued that the pre-existing logos theme arises from the more ancient jewish writings in the eighth chapter of the book of proverbs, and was fully developed as a theme in hellenistic judaism by philo judaeus.	raymond e. brown have argued that the pre-existing logos theme arises from the more ancient jewish writings in the eighth chapter of the book of proverbs, and was fully developed as a theme in hellenistic judaism by philo judaeus.
helvey's accomplice, charles vins, was allowed to plea bargain and served only a 78-day sentence before receiving a general discharge from the navy.	helvey's accomplice, charles vins, was allowed to plea bargain and served a 78-day sentence before receiving a general discharge from the navy.
a pro- tibet rally outside the chinese embassy in paris (16 march)	a free tibet rally outside the chinese embassy in paris (16 march)
as heat diminishes their flavor quickly , coriander leaves are often used raw or added to the dish immediately before serving.	as heat diminishes their flavor, coriander leaves are often used raw or added to the dish immediately before serving.
another result of the unrest in the 1960s was the founding of the red army faction (raf) which was active from 1968, carrying out a succession of terrorist attacks in west germany during the 1970s.	another result of the unrest in the 1960s was the founding of the red army faction (raf) which was active from 1968, carrying out a succession of attacks in west germany during the 1970s.
"leonard peikoff, ayn rand's executor and intellectual heir, promotes objectivism as a ""closed system"" that consists solely of what rand herself wrote and said, and considers any essential disagreement with what rand said as a betrayal of objectivism."	"leonard peikoff, ayn rand's executor and heir, promotes objectivism as a ""closed system"" that consists solely of what rand herself wrote and said, and considers any essential disagreement with what rand said as a betrayal of objectivism."
fan reactions towards goro were amazing , as they had never seen anything like him prior to mortal kombat's release.	fan reactions towards goro were positive , as they had never seen anything like him prior to mortal kombat's release.
expulsions have also unfortunately occurred in the past as a result of students engaging in illegal computer hacking activities.	expulsions have also occurred in the past as a result of students engaging in illegal computer hacking activities.
the pair made claims that bischoff promised them a second-highest paid contract, as well as a separate contract from japan, something which he conveniently denies remembering.	the pair made claims that bischoff promised them a second-highest paid contract, as well as a separate contract from japan, something which he denies remembering.
the city's clubs, pubs, bars and restaurants provide entertainment for a wide range of tastes and budgets, going from the cheap, traditional beer-'n-bite in a corner bar to all-night raves, and classy nightclubs.	the city's clubs, pubs, bars and restaurants provide entertainment for a wide range of tastes and budgets, going from the cheap, traditional beer-'n-bite in a corner bar to all-night raves, and nightclubs.
like the barack obama citizenship conspiracy theories, these are not a single set of coherent ideas, but inchoate notions rooted in urban legends and superstition, and malicious statements, often by notable individuals and documented by various sources of allegations but not evidence.	like the barack obama citizenship conspiracy theories, these are not a single set of coherent ideas, but inchoate notions rooted in urban legends and superstition, and accusatory statements, often by notable individuals and documented by various sources of allegations but not evidence.
abraham cooper, another participant at the 2001 world conference against racism, vindicated anne bayefskys conclusions when he wrote, contrary to the may 27 letter by the executive directors of human rights watch and amnesty international u.s.a., anne bayefsky (ending bias in the human rights system, op-ed, may 22) was correct to criticize those two groups for their roles at the united nations conference against racism in durban, south africa, last year.	abraham cooper, another participant at the 2001 world conference against racism, reiterated anne bayefskys conclusions when he wrote, contrary to the may 27 letter by the executive directors of human rights watch and amnesty international u.s.a., anne bayefsky (ending bias in the human rights system, op-ed, may 22) was correct to criticize those two groups for their roles at the united nations conference against racism in durban, south africa, last year.
the gyroball is used by handful of american players, mainly in amateur leagues (although some argue that a variation on this pitch is also thrown by chicago cubs great greg maddux).	the gyroball is used by handful of american players, mainly in amateur leagues (although some argue that a variation on this pitch is also thrown by chicago cubs player greg maddux).
romario de souza faria (born january 29, 1966 in rio de janerio), better known simply as romario, is a legendary brazilian football center forward who helped the brazil national team win the 1994 fifa world cup and has been one of the most prolific strikers in the world since the 1990s, having had successful tenures with european clubs psv eindhoven and fc barcelona, and in brazil with flamengo, fluminense and vasco da gama.	romario de souza faria (born january 29, 1966 in rio de janerio), better known simply as romario, is a brazilian football center forward who helped the brazil national team win the 1994 fifa world cup and has been one of the most prolific strikers in the world since the 1990s, having had successful tenures with european clubs psv eindhoven and fc barcelona, and in brazil with flamengo, fluminense and vasco da gama.
"nathan robertson a researcher in biophysics has also released a book titled ""the first six days"" which reconciles the scientific theory of the beginnings of the universe and life with the biblical account of creation."	"nathan robertson a researcher in biophysics has also released a book titled ""the first six days"" which claims to reconcile the scientific theory of the beginnings of the universe and life with the biblical account of creation."
satantango (1994), by the noted hungarian director bela tarr is a 7 hour long film, shot in black and white, that deals with tarrs favorite theme, that of inadequacy, as con man irimias comes back to a village at an unspecified location in hungary, setting himself up as leader and as a messiah figure to the gullible villagers.	satantango (1994), by the hungarian director bela tarr is a 7 hour long film, shot in black and white, that deals with tarrs favorite theme, that of inadequacy, as con man irimias comes back to a village at an unspecified location in hungary, setting himself up as leader and as a messiah figure to the gullible villagers.
an excellent overview of healthcare research resources at harvard business school.	an overview of healthcare research resources at harvard business school.
lawrence continued to produce fiction, including short stories and the escaped cock/the man who died , an unorthodox reworking of the christian belief of the resurrection that affirms the life of the body.	lawrence continued to produce fiction, including short stories and the escaped cock/the man who died , an unorthodox reworking of the christian myth of the resurrection that affirms the life of the body.
in his autobiography, green disingenuously claims that the only team he has a particular affinity for is linfield, a club based in belfast.	in his autobiography, green claims that the only team he has a particular affinity for is linfield, a club based in belfast.
the current ibook design is also notable for being incredibly difficult to open, such that hard disk upgrades are all but impossible for the layperson.	the current ibook design is also notable for being difficult to open, such that hard disk upgrades are all but impossible for the layperson.
there is a wonderful view across to burley house from the north side of the village and from the south one can see across to the sailing club at edith weston on the far shore.	there is a view across to burley house from the north side of the village and from the south one can see across to the sailing club at edith weston on the far shore.
grissom asserted he had done nothing to cause the hatch to blow.	grissom stated he had done nothing to cause the hatch to blow.
the group advocated economic policies, such as decreased government regulation of big business and unfair trade agreements that often conflicted with the views of traditional democratic constituencies, especially labor unions.	the group advocated economic policies, such as decreased government regulation of big business and trade agreements that often conflicted with the views of traditional democratic constituencies, especially labor unions.
joseph smith, jr. (december 23, 1805 june 27, 1844) was the founder and false prophet of the latter day saint movement<!--	joseph smith, jr. (december 23, 1805 june 27, 1844) was the founder and prophet of the latter day saint movement<!--
"the short story ""eleonora"" may also reference virginia's horrible illness, though it was published before her death."	"the short story ""eleonora"" may also reference virginia's illness, though it was published before her death."
august 4, 2005 - the danish arctic/ocean patrol cutter hdms tulugaq has been sent from naval station grnnedal to hans island to uphold danish sovereignty.	august 4, 2005 - the danish arctic/ocean patrol cutter hdms tulugaq has been sent from naval station grnnedal to hans island to assert danish sovereignty.
for mammal genomes, this indicated a substitution rate of one every 1.8 years, which would produce an unsustainably high genetic load unless the preponderance of substitutions was selectively neutral.	for mammal genomes, this indicated a substitution rate of one every 1.8 years, which would produce an unsustainably high substitution load unless the preponderance of substitutions was selectively neutral.
in the early 1980s, while working on his phd thesis from the lesser academic rank of lecturer, he performed the bell test experiments that showed that albert einstein, boris podolsky and nathan rosen's reductio ad absurdum of quantum mechanics, namely that it implied 'ghostly action at a distance', did in fact appear to be realised when two particles were separated by an arbitrarily large distance (see epr paradox).	in the early 1980s, while working on his phd thesis from the academic rank of lecturer, he performed the bell test experiments that showed that albert einstein, boris podolsky and nathan rosen's reductio ad absurdum of quantum mechanics, namely that it implied 'ghostly action at a distance', did in fact appear to be realised when two particles were separated by an arbitrarily large distance (see epr paradox).
mosley street metrolink station was a tram station in the city zone of greater manchester's metrolink light rail system which closed on 18 may 2013. it was located on mosley street in manchester city centre and was unique to metrolink in that it was unidirectional, with a single platform serving southbound passengers travelling towards altrincham interchange, eccles interchange, mediacityuk and st werburgh's road only.	mosley street metrolink station was a tram stop in the city zone of greater manchester's metrolink light rail system which closed on 18 may 2013. it was located on mosley street in manchester city centre and was unique to metrolink in that it was unidirectional, with a single platform serving southbound passengers travelling towards altrincham interchange, eccles interchange, mediacityuk and st werburgh's road only.
mark goulston (born february 21, 1948) is a prominent psychiatrist and consultant to major organizations.	mark goulston (born february 21, 1948) is a psychiatrist and consultant to major organizations.
such covertly illegitimate children amount to about 12% of newborns in european populations.	such covertly illegitimate children amount to about 12% of newborns in studied populations.
plama pleven is a dysfunctional bulgarian oil refinery located near the city of pleven.	plama pleven is a bulgarian oil refinery located near the city of pleven.
ritanserin is a serotonin antagonist with wide-reaching possibilities for the treatment of many neurological disorders.	ritanserin is a serotonin antagonist with possibilities for the treatment of many neurological disorders.
after his harrowing escape and recapture upon turning back to save the life of his pursuer, he was burned at the stake near his hometown on 16 may 1569.	after his escape and recapture upon turning back to save the life of his pursuer, he was burned at the stake near his hometown on 16 may 1569.
the octet in f major, d. 803 was composed by franz schubert in march 1824. it was commissioned by the renowned clarinetist ferdinand troyer and came from the same period as two of schubert's other masterpieces , the rosamunde and the death and the maiden string quartets.	the octet in f major, d. 803 was composed by franz schubert in march 1824. it was commissioned by the renowned clarinetist ferdinand troyer and came from the same period as two of schubert's other major chamber works , the rosamunde and the death and the maiden string quartets.
satriani is recognized as a technically advanced rock guitarist, and is a guitar virtuoso.	satriani is recognized as a technically advanced rock guitarist, and has been called a guitar virtuoso.
in the lead up to the 2000 u.s. presidential election, he posited that clinton might enact martial law and remain as president indefinitely.	in the lead up to the 2000 u.s. presidential election, he posited that clinton would enact martial law and remain as president indefinitely.
she was one of the first truly successful african american child actresses on television.	she was one of the first successful african american child actresses on television.
geographical, ethnic, and gender biases	geographical, ethnic, and gender disparity
she served proudly in both world war i and ii, and was awarded one battle star during world war ii.	she served in both world war i and ii, and was awarded one battle star during world war ii.
the museum offers excellent free guided underground tours where visitors can experience the conditions miners worked in and see the tools and machines they used as the industry and the mine developed through the years.	the museum offers free guided underground tours where visitors can experience the conditions miners worked in and see the tools and machines they used as the industry and the mine developed through the years.
1980 - darby crash, american punk-rock legend (b.	1980 - darby crash, american punk-rock musician (b.
the shit popular movement for the liberation of angola (mpla), with a base among the kimbundu and the mixed-race intelligentsia of luanda, and retarded links to communist parties in portugal and the east bloc;	the popular movement for the liberation of angola (mpla), with a base among the kimbundu and the mixed-race intelligentsia of luanda, and retarded links to communist parties in portugal and the east bloc;
ldraw is a popular system of free software tools for modeling lego creations in 3d on a computer.	ldraw is a system of free software tools for modeling lego creations in 3d on a computer.
during the following days, guderian was informed, much to his chagrin, that the demarcation line between german and soviet-controlled regions was drawn along the bug river and that his forces were to retreat behind this line by september, 22.	during the following days, guderian was informed, much to his chagrin, that the demarcation line between german and soviet-controlled regions was drawn along the bug river and that his forces were to withdraw behind this line by september, 22.
"in 2017, campaign legal center (clc) filed a complaint with the federal election commission (fec) alleging the democratic national committee (dnc) and hillary clintons 2016 campaign committee violated campaign finance law, alleging they tried to cover up the fact that they helped pay for the infamous ""trump russia dossier""."	"in 2017, campaign legal center (clc) filed a complaint with the federal election commission (fec) alleging the democratic national committee (dnc) and hillary clintons 2016 campaign committee violated campaign finance law, alleging they tried to cover up the fact that they helped pay for the ""trump russia dossier""."
joe in dc - joe sudbay, former antigun activist, held staff positions with violence policy center and handgun control, inc.	joe in dc - joe sudbay, former gun control activist, held staff positions with violence policy center and handgun control, inc.
this was to be the start of a larger project, but she unfortunately died of a cerebral hemorrhage just days short of her forty-eighth birthday having just started the second part of the project.	this was to be the start of a larger project, but she died of a cerebral hemorrhage just days short of her forty-eighth birthday having just started the second part of the project.
at its western municipal boundaries is herzliya pituah, one of israel's most affluent districts and home to ambassadors, foreign diplomats and businessmen .	at its western municipal boundaries is herzliya pituah, one of israel's most affluent districts and home to ambassadors, foreign diplomats and businesspeople .
william roger clemens (born august 4, 1962 in dayton, ohio) is a retired right-handed pitcher in major league baseball.	william roger clemens (born august 4, 1962 in dayton, ohio) is a right-handed pitcher in major league baseball.
deterring democracy is a book published in 1992 by noam chomsky, which explores the differences between the humanitarian rhetoric and alleged imperialistic reality of united states foreign policy and how it affects various countries around the world.	deterring democracy is a book published in 1992 by noam chomsky, which explores the differences between the humanitarian rhetoric and imperialistic reality of united states foreign policy and how it affects various countries around the world.
in britain, the theology of british israelism has been taught by a few fringe pentecostal churches including the (now-defunct) bible-pattern church fellowship, an early offshoot of the elim pentecostal church (who, however, do not hold to this doctrine).	in britain, the theology of british israelism has been taught by a few small pentecostal churches including the (now-defunct) bible-pattern church fellowship, an early offshoot of the elim pentecostal church (who, however, do not hold to this doctrine).
1996 – the controversial child protection portion of the communications decency act is struck down by a u.s. federal court as too broad .	1996 – the child protection portion of the communications decency act is struck down by a u.s. federal court as too broad .
great countdown to opening of championships (lviv, ukraine)	countdown to opening of championships (lviv, ukraine)
"in december of 2005 she recorded and released an english version of her popular song ""schweine"" that unfortunately never took off with the public."	"in december of 2005 she recorded and released an english version of her popular song ""schweine"" that never took off with the public."
lawrence was nearly killed in the action; he accidentally shot the camel he was riding on in the head with his pistol, but was fortunately thrown out of harm's way when he fell.	lawrence was nearly killed in the action; he accidentally shot the camel he was riding on in the head with his pistol, but was thrown out of harm's way when he fell.
at the third extra hole, langer missed a makeable twelve footer for the victory, before wiebe won at the fifth extra hole with a par, after langer could not get up and down from a greenside bunker.	at the third extra hole, langer missed a twelve footer for the victory, before wiebe won at the fifth extra hole with a par, after langer could not get up and down from a greenside bunker.
however prominent british journalist robert fisk disputes these claims about fadlallh:	however british journalist robert fisk disputes these claims about fadlallh:
the old town hall, was sadly demolished some years ago after serving as a civic hall.	the old town hall, was demolished some years ago after serving as a civic hall.
the vacuous big brother 2007 contestant chanelle hayes is from a village, middlestown, in wakefield.	the big brother 2007 contestant chanelle hayes is from a village, middlestown, in wakefield.
the u.s. minister to ireland was david gray, a personal friend of the roosevelt and his wife eleanor.	the u.s. minister to ireland was david gray, a personal friend of roosevelt and his wife eleanor.
it did not do well at the box office however, and has been unfairly overlooked since its release.	it did not do well at the box office however, and has been overlooked since its release.
zarbon is an alien with light blue skin and gold eyes, always found wearing his long green hair in a braid.	zarbon is a handsome alien with light blue skin and gold eyes, always found wearing his long green hair in a braid.
ernesto guevara de la serna (june 14, 1928 – october 9, 1967), commonly known as che guevara or el che, was an argentine-born marxist revolutionary, political figure, and leader of cuban and internationalist terrorist s. as a young man studying medicine, guevara traveled rough throughout latin america, bringing him into direct contact with the impoverished conditions in which many people lived.	ernesto guevara de la serna (june 14, 1928 – october 9, 1967), commonly known as che guevara or el che, was an argentine-born marxist revolutionary, political figure, and leader of cuban and internationalist guerrilla s. as a young man studying medicine, guevara traveled rough throughout latin america, bringing him into direct contact with the impoverished conditions in which many people lived.
"gyrgy ligeti, for example, published an article that examined its patterns of durations, dynamics, pitch, and attack types in excruciating detail, concluding that its ""ascetic attitude"" is ""akin to compulsion neurosis"", and that boulez ""had to break away from it."	"gyrgy ligeti, for example, published an article that examined its patterns of durations, dynamics, pitch, and attack types in great detail, concluding that its ""ascetic attitude"" is ""akin to compulsion neurosis"", and that boulez ""had to break away from it."
this simplistic external style allowed for the dancers movement to become the main artistic medium, which is the hallmark of neoclassical ballet.	this simplified external style allowed for the dancers movement to become the main artistic medium, which is the hallmark of neoclassical ballet.
the band is unfortunately best known for their open advocacy of drug use and their feud with the dandy warhols, which is one of the subjects of the 2004 documentary dig!.	the band is best known for their open advocacy of drug use and their feud with the dandy warhols, which is one of the subjects of the 2004 documentary dig!.
not far from downtown bergen, to the northeast, is the kleiner jasmunder bodden, a shallow bay, and likewise to the southeast lies another, the greifswalder bodden, along with the charming town of putbus.	not far from downtown bergen, to the northeast, is the kleiner jasmunder bodden, a shallow bay, and likewise to the southeast lies another, the greifswalder bodden, along with the town of putbus.
under favorable weather conditions there is a view of a large portion of the swiss alps.	under appropriate weather conditions there is a view of a large portion of the swiss alps.
the cover photo of the august 2015 issue of gq featured comedienne amy schumer wearing a replica of princess leia's bikini and sucking one of c-3po's fingers.	the cover photo of the august 2015 issue of gq featured comedian amy schumer wearing a replica of princess leia's bikini and sucking one of c-3po's fingers.
she is mother of kasia adamik, another talented polish film director.	she is mother of kasia adamik, another polish film director.
the mosque's minaret was often used by arab snipers to shoot at zionist terrorists in tel aviv and manshiya, in the months preceding the british withdrawal.	the mosque's minaret was often used by arab snipers to shoot at zionist forces in tel aviv and manshiya, in the months preceding the british withdrawal.
so far, the film has received generally mixed reviews from critics.	so far, the film has received generally negative reviews from critics.
geoffrey dyson palmer, obe (born 4 june 1927) is an english actor, best known for his roles in sitcoms such as butterflies and as time goes by.	geoffrey dyson palmer, obe (born 4 june 1927) is an english actor, known for his roles in sitcoms such as butterflies and as time goes by.
he skilfully negotiated for independent and selected minor-party candidates to adhere to his calculated preference-swapping arrangements.	he negotiated for independent and selected minor-party candidates to adhere to his calculated preference-swapping arrangements.
unfortunately , it was released after breeding had commenced for the season, and rabbits under 2 weeks old at the time of the introduction were resistant to the disease.	however , it was released after breeding had commenced for the season, and rabbits under 2 weeks old at the time of the introduction were resistant to the disease.
the tribunal which dealt with the venezuela crisis of 1895 also illegally awarded the new river triangle to british guiana.	the tribunal which dealt with the venezuela crisis of 1895 also awarded the new river triangle to british guiana.
brian carroll (born may 13, 1969), better known by his stage name buckethead, is a virtuoso guitarist and multi instrumentalist who has worked within several genres of music.	brian carroll (born may 13, 1969), better known by his stage name buckethead, is a guitarist and multi instrumentalist who has worked within several genres of music.
joining the judging panel as a regular guest is celebrated chef matt moran.	joining the judging panel as a regular guest is chef matt moran.
since 2015, australian federal police officers armed with assault rifles have been protecting both chambers of the federal parliament.	since 2015, australian federal police officers armed with assault rifles have been present in both chambers of the federal parliament.
"when he appeared on ""my fox atlanta"" on new year's eve he told a cute story about his children."	"when he appeared on ""my fox atlanta"" on new year's eve he told a story about his children."
esther schweins (born 1970), actress and comedienne	esther schweins (born 1970), actress and comedian
nirvana's brief run ended with cobain's suicide in april of 1994, but the band's popularity continued in the years that followed.	nirvana's brief run ended with cobain's death in april of 1994, but the band's popularity continued in the years that followed.
zade dirani (arabic: ) is a world-famous jordanian pianist and composer.	zade dirani (arabic: ) is a jordanian pianist and composer.
nozick used chamberlain as a real-life example to demonstrate that non-entitlement theories of justice were inherently unjust.	nozick used chamberlain as a real-life example to argue that non-entitlement theories of justice were inherently unjust.
those who profess a belief in demonic possession have sometimes mistakenly ascribed the symptoms associated with mental illnesses such as hysteria, mania, psychosis, or dissociative identity disorder to possession.	those who profess a belief in demonic possession have sometimes ascribed the symptoms associated with mental illnesses such as hysteria, mania, psychosis, or dissociative identity disorder to possession.
shakur then joined the black liberation army (bla), an offshoot of the bpp whose members, inspired by the vietcong and the battle of algiers, led a campaign of armed struggle against the u.s. government using tactics such as planting bombs, holding up banks and executing drug dealers and police.	shakur then joined the black liberation army (bla), an offshoot of the bpp whose members, inspired by the vietcong and the battle of algiers, led a campaign of armed struggle against the u.s. government using tactics such as planting bombs, holding up banks and murdering drug dealers and police.
in the u.s in april 2015, the fcc issued its open internet order, which controversially reclassified internet access - previously classified as an information service - as a common carrier telecommunications service; i.e.	in the u.s in april 2015, the fcc issued its open internet order, which reclassified internet access - previously classified as an information service - as a common carrier telecommunications service; i.e.
students and activists hoisted picket signs in boston, washington, d.c., and new york city on aprin 13, to protest the incumbent communist partys victory.	students and activists hoisted picket signs in boston, washington, d.c., and new york city on april 13, to protest the incumbent communist partys victory.
recent immigrations of central thai, vietnamese, and chinese dialect speakers can also be found in the region.	recent immigrations of central thai, vietnamese, and chinese speakers can also be found in the region.
the close of fighting in wwii in the pacific in 1945 saw the kuomintang (kmt, chinese nationalist party) exercising sovereignty over mainland china and controlling taiwan.	the close of fighting in wwii in the pacific in 1945 saw the kuomintang (kmt, chinese nationalist party) exercising sovereignty over mainland china and taiwan.
it is a very popular restaurant and many businessmen and tourists go there to eat.	it is a very popular restaurant and many business people and tourists go there to eat.
thomas fahr steyer (born june 27, 1957) is an american hedge fund manager, philanthropist, environmentalist, progressive leftist activist, and fundraiser.	thomas fahr steyer (born june 27, 1957) is an american hedge fund manager, philanthropist, environmentalist, progressive activist, and fundraiser.
thus one of the largest and most popular commercial shopping cores of the new york metropolitan area is almost completely closed on sunday (grocery stores, convenience stores, gas stations, hotels, restaurants, pharmacies, and entertainment venues are among the few businesses allowed to operate).	thus one of the largest and most popular commercial shopping cores of the new york metropolitan area is almost completely closed on sunday (grocery stores, convenience stores, gas stations, hotels, restaurants, pharmacies, and entertainment venues are among the businesses allowed to operate).
"the same quote, with the word ""zonked"" in place of ""nuts"", has also been attributed to actress- comedienne marion davies."	"the same quote, with the word ""zonked"" in place of ""nuts"", has also been attributed to actress- comedian marion davies."
the chungmuro district of seoul, where sakamoto lives, is still called honmachi, as it was during the japanese occupation .	the chungmuro district of seoul, where sakamoto lives, is still called honmachi, as it was during the japanese rule .
thumbnail|janet expresses a beautiful smile.	thumbnail|janet expresses a smile.
his company, barr systems, inc., marketed and sold barr hasp , and went on to implement and support bisync and sna sdlc workstations and gateways, along with other high-performance data communications and output management products.	his company, barr systems, inc., marketed and sold barr hasp , and went on to implement and support bisync and sna sdlc workstations and gateways, along with other data communications and output management products.
in her 36 years of service, aquitania survived military duty in both world wars and was returned to passenger service after each.	in 36 years of service, aquitania survived military duty in both world wars and was returned to passenger service after each.
this album was composed using only one synthesizer (the legendary access virus) and two (rather low-quality) samplers.	this album was composed using only one synthesizer (the popular access virus) and two (rather low-quality) samplers.
throughout the first half of 2005, the howard government faced increasing pressure regarding the controversial mandatory detention program.	throughout the first half of 2005, the howard government faced pressure regarding the controversial mandatory detention program.
david michael jacobs is an american historian who is prominently known in the field of ufology for his research into alien abductions and ufos.	david michael jacobs is an american historian who is prominently known in the pseudoscience of ufology for his research into alien abductions and ufos.
in one, they telephoned venezuelan president hugo chvez and spoke to him, pretending to be cuban dictator fidel castro.	in one, they telephoned venezuelan president hugo chvez and spoke to him, pretending to be cuban president fidel castro.
sarah harding - member of chart-topping group girls aloud	sarah harding - member of the group girls aloud
the party has a history of right-wing activism, and openly supported the racist rhodesian regime in the 1970s.	the party has a history of right-wing activism, and openly supported the rhodesian regime in the 1970s.
"loves the television show mary moo cow and the annoying song ""crazy bus""."	"loves the television show mary moo cow and the song ""crazy bus""."
"born in shewa province, imru was the childhood friend of his cousin (imru's mother was haile selassie's first cousin); both were raised by imru's father haile selassie abayneh, whom harold marcus describes as the emperor's ""real father"", noting ""makonnen's son recalled the surrogate with affection, whereas he invariably referred to his father with formality and deference."""	"born in shewa province, imru was the childhood friend of his cousin (imru's mother was haile selassie's first cousin); both were raised by imru's father haile selassie abayneh, whom harold marcus describes as the emperor's ""real father"", asserting that ""makonnen's son recalled the surrogate with affection, whereas he invariably referred to his father with formality and deference."""
"character dwight schrute revealingly described the game as ""machiavelli meets christmas."""	"character dwight schrute described the game as ""machiavelli meets christmas."""
since these accounts of psychology have been largely discredited, no one has offered any alternate explanations for the power of the monomyth, and campbell's works, despite owing much to somewhat fallacious psychological models, nonetheless uniquely stand on their own.	since these accounts of psychology have been largely discredited, no one has offered any alternate explanations for the power of the monomyth, and campbell's works, despite owing much to seemingly fallacious psychological models, nonetheless uniquely stand on their own.
however before being awarded the gold medal, there was a scandalous judging controversy.	however before being awarded the gold medal, there was a judging controversy.
"while over 22 states have filed lawsuits in the months following ffc commissioner ajit pai's proposal to rollback net neutrality internet protections, dewine's office decided to take a controversial position while remaining silent on the issue, commenting that ""we do not have any plans to join in that litigation at this time... we have not weighed in on this issue."""	"while over 22 states have filed lawsuits in the months following fcc commissioner ajit pai's proposal to rollback net neutrality internet protections, dewine's office decided to take a controversial position while remaining silent on the issue, commenting that ""we do not have any plans to join in that litigation at this time... we have not weighed in on this issue."""
this fire is the fifth single by british rock band franz ferdinand from their eponymous album.	this fire is the fifth single by glasgow -based indie rock band franz ferdinand from their eponymous album.
the simon wiesenthal center alleges that between june 30 and july 3, 1941, in the days that the nachtigall battalion was in lviv, its soldiers together with the german army and the local ukrainians participated in the killings of jews in the city.	the simon wiesenthal center states that between june 30 and july 3, 1941, in the days that the nachtigall battalion was in lviv, its soldiers together with the german army and the local ukrainians participated in the killings of jews in the city.
t.l kennedy also reached basketball ropsaa finals in 2011-2012 season but unfortunately lost giving them the 2nd position.	t.l kennedy also reached basketball ropsaa finals in 2011-2012 season but lost giving them the 2nd position.
"agent orange has had an enormous influence on the skate punk or skate-core scene even though band members stated on living in darkness that ""we don't like skating at all."""	"agent orange has had an influence on the skate punk or skate-core scene even though band members stated on living in darkness that ""we don't like skating at all."""
environmentalists complain that before shipbreaking began there in june 1983 the beach at alang was pristine and unspoiled.	environmentalists note that before shipbreaking began there in june 1983 the beach at alang was pristine and unspoiled.
twin bridges is a well-known fly fishing mecca for trout fisherman .	twin bridges is a well-known fly fishing mecca for trout anglers .
some sources have estimated that thousands of armenian and greek civilians died when the turkish army reacquired smyrna in addition to the thousands of turkish civilians killed during the fire.	some sources have estimated that thousands of armenian and greek civilians died when the turkish army entered smyrna in addition to the thousands of turkish civilians killed during the fire.
the fantasporto international film festival is a great cultural event of the city, attracting many national and foreign film commentators to the city.	the fantasporto international film festival is a cultural event of the city, attracting many national and foreign film commentators to the city.
the church boasts a worldwide membership of over 12 million, with more than 5.5 million residing in the united states.	the church reports a worldwide membership of over 12 million, with more than 5.5 million residing in the united states.
however, the crews at the fuel depot at tokuyama defied orders and courageously supplied the task force with much more.	however, the crews at the fuel depot at tokuyama defied orders and supplied the task force with much more.
critics have countered that in formal rhetoric the burden actually lies upon those who propose a new hypothesis, in this case, nasa .	critics have countered that in formal rhetoric the burden actually lies upon those who propose a new hypothesis, in this case, the hoax .
in an interview on the musicmax network, hayes claimed that a few weeks before the release of their second album, jones did not like the fame that the band was receiving and was not happy.	in an interview on the musicmax network, hayes said that a few weeks before the release of their second album, jones did not like the fame that the band was receiving and was not happy.
the air force c-47 transports resumed the same role again in 1964, when they carried out another battalion-sized parachute drop over two days near samrong along the thai border, and landing strips were improvised at seam reap and battambang for the c-47s and an-2s supplying the ark troops.	the air force c-47 transports resumed the same role again in 1964, when they carried out another battalion-sized parachute drop over two days near samrong along the thai border, and landing strips were improvised at siem reap and battambang for the c-47s and an-2s supplying the ark troops.
sir william lawrence bragg, ch, obe, mc, frs (31 march 1890 1 july 1971) was an english physicist who shared the nobel prize in physics in 1915 with his father sir william henry bragg.	sir william lawrence bragg, ch, obe, mc, frs (31 march 1890 1 july 1971) was an australian born british physicist who shared the nobel prize in physics in 1915 with his father sir william henry bragg.
noah kalina (born 1980) is an american photographer best known for his film everyday, which became a viral video on the internet.	noah kalina (born 1980) is an american photographer known for his film everyday, which became a viral video on the internet.
dollar and kent farm massacres, where hundreds of men, women and children were attacked during the night as they slept and were hacked to death with fatal blows to the head from axes, are two clear examples of the ruthless acts of genocide by the ltte.	dollar and kent farm massacres, where hundreds of men, women and children were attacked during the night as they slept and were hacked to death with fatal blows to the head from axes, are two clear examples of the ruthless acts of terrorism by the ltte.
it now stands proudly under the yew under which in the mid 19th century it had been found buried.	it now stands under the yew under which in the mid 19th century it had been found buried.
demonstrations in the 1920s by us general billy mitchell showed the vulnerability of warships to air attack; this illustrated the use of aircraft for seacoast defense against ships, but also the vulnerability of our defenses against air power.	demonstrations in the 1920s by us general billy mitchell showed the vulnerability of warships to air attack; this illustrated the use of aircraft for seacoast defense against ships, but also the vulnerability of shore defenses against air power.
some canadian leftists accused steyn of concocting his facts, leading steyn to pen a striking refutation.	some canadian leftists accused steyn of concocting his facts, leading steyn to pen a refutation.
later in the evening, it is not unusual to see wobbly young adults staggering in the trains, heading happily home after a day of celebration.	later in the evening, it is not unusual to see wobbly young adults staggering in the trains, heading home after a day of celebration.
dhimmis were allowed to live, and even prosper, according to historian clifford bosworth, largely because they practiced valuable trades such as doctors or performed functions such as usury that muslims could not perform for religious reasons.	dhimmis were allowed to live, and even prosper, according to historian clifford bosworth, largely because they practiced valuable trades such as doctors or performed functions such as giving loans , that muslims could not perform for religious reasons.
what is now referred to as the october crisis raised fears in canada of a militant terrorist faction rising up against the government.	what is now referred to as the october crisis raised fears in canada of a militant faction rising up against the government.
during the smelt season, there are often many clothed fishers and their families in this area, and that tends to limit the number of naturists.	during the smelt season, there are often many fishers and their families in this area, and that tends to limit the number of naturists.
in 1973, the john f. steadman firehouse, at the base of baltimore's bromo-seltzer tower was named for sportswriter john steadman's father, john f. steadman, a legendary baltimore city fire department deputy chief.	in 1973, the john f. steadman firehouse, at the base of baltimore's bromo-seltzer tower was named for sportswriter john steadman's father, john f. steadman, a baltimore city fire department deputy chief.
these programmes are amongst several that have kick-started the currently popular genre of parenting programmes in the uk, but are differentiated by having a properly qualified and experienced 'expert'.	these programmes are amongst several that have kick-started the currently popular genre of parenting programmes in the uk, but are differentiated by having a profesionally qualified and experienced 'expert'.
claims of human rights violations against alleged mercenaries	claims of human rights violations against alleged gaddafi forces
there have been multiple failed attempts to attract new business and other projects to the city core, but in november 2006 the new oshawa arena will be completed downtown which should attract citizens to the core of the city.	there have been multiple failed attempts to attract new business and other projects to the city core, but in november 2006 the new oshawa arena will be completed downtown which many politicians and others hope will help attract citizens to the core of the city.
the only western countries where divorce is still illegal are malta and the british crown dependency of sark.	the only western countries where divorce is illegal are malta and the british crown dependency of sark.
skiba(2014) states that suspensions and expulsions as a result of the zero tolerance policy of schools have not helped in reducing school disruptions and improve school climate.	skiba(2014) claims that suspensions and expulsions as a result of the zero tolerance policy of schools have not helped in reducing school disruptions and improve school climate.
it is even more remarkable in that the pluto/sun conjunction appears exactly on the winter solstice, just past conjunction with the galactic centre.	it is even more remarkable in that the pluto/sun conjunction appears exactly on the december solstice, just past conjunction with the galactic centre.
many settlers crossed the mountains after 1750, though they were hindered by native american depredations .	many settlers crossed the mountains after 1750, though they were hindered by native american resistance .
pete townshend, guitarist of the who, admitted bisexual	pete townshend, guitarist of the who, self-proclaimed bisexual
she appeared off-broadway as olive lashbrook in the 1940s classic the voice of the turtle (for which she received a rave review in the new york times) and in scenes and revelations.	she appeared off-broadway as olive lashbrook in the 1940s classic the voice of the turtle (for which she received a very positive review in the new york times) and in scenes and revelations.
"on being elected, he became the ""baby of the house"", holding the unenviable title for 10 years."	"on being elected, he became the ""baby of the house"", holding the title for 10 years."
a poll by conservative-leaning rasmussen reports found that 31% of americans say fox news has a conservative bias and 15% say it has a liberal bias.	a poll by rasmussen reports found that 31% of americans say fox news has a conservative bias and 15% say it has a liberal bias.
patricia chapple wright, phd is an accomplished american primatologist, anthropologist, and conservationist.	patricia chapple wright, phd is an american primatologist, anthropologist, and conservationist.
kenneth remained a shadowy figure to the majority of people in singapore prior to the press attention received as a result of the news of his fathers death and funeral.	kenneth remained a lesser known figure to the majority of people in singapore prior to the press attention received as a result of the news of his fathers death and funeral.
as mccarthyism gave the terms socialism and even social democracy a meaning synonymous with treason in the u.s., many to the left of center moderated their views, aligning with the new deal liberals.	as mccarthyism gave the terms socialism and even social democracy a meaning synonymous with communism in the u.s., many to the left of center moderated their views, aligning with the new deal liberals.
"in an article from pr newswire concerning the decision of texas governor rick perry to vacinate all 6th grade women against those hpv strains that are most likely to produce cancer after infection, scarborough said, ""nor we can not sic overlook the moral dimension."	"in an article from pr newswire concerning the decision of texas governor rick perry to vacinate all 6th grade women against those hpv strains that are most likely to produce cancer after infection, scarborough said, ""nor we can not overlook the moral dimension."
depiction of punishment bench as used for bastinado in several german prisons during the nazi-era	depiction of punishment bench as used for bastinado in several german prisons during the third reich era
as of 2007, the album has only sold 150,000 copies.	as of 2007, the album has sold 150,000 copies.
on september 3, 2011, in a tragic postscript to the story, matthew stuart, charles's brother, was found dead from an apparent drug overdose in heading home, a homeless shelter in cambridge.	on september 3, 2011, in a postscript to the story, matthew stuart, charles's brother, was found dead from an apparent drug overdose in heading home, a homeless shelter in cambridge.
besides more conventional investments, the fund was allegedly used for the construction of a large italianate palace for putin's personal use, nicknamed putin's palace, located on the black sea coast near the village of praskoveevka in krasnodar krai, russia.	besides more conventional investments, the fund was allegedly used for the construction of a large italianate residence for putin's personal use, nicknamed putin's palace, located on the black sea coast near the village of praskoveevka in krasnodar krai, russia.
leaving archaeological signs of their presence (see corded ware culture), they subjugated the peaceful european neolithic farmers of gimbutas' old europe.	leaving archaeological signs of their presence (see corded ware culture), they subjugated the european neolithic farmers of gimbutas' old europe.
"the ""lordship salvation"" controversy (also ""lordship controversy"") is a theological dispute regarding key soteriological questions within evangelical protestantism , involving some non-denominational and evangelical churches in north america since at least the 1980s."	"the ""lordship salvation"" controversy (also ""lordship controversy"") is a theological dispute regarding key soteriological questions within evangelical christianity , involving some non-denominational and evangelical churches in north america since at least the 1980s."
gabrels helped create the soundtrack to the masterpiece computer game deus ex.	gabrels helped create the soundtrack to the computer game deus ex.
in addition, the icpdr has 21 official observers with far-reaching rights to attend meetings and participate in decision-making: black sea commission (bsc); central dredging association (ceda); danube environmental forum (def); danube commission (dc); danube tourist commission (die donau); european anglers alliance (eaa); european barge union (ebu); european water association (ewa); friends of nature international (nfi); global water partnership (gwp/cee); international association for danube research (iad); international association of water supply companies in the danube river catchment area (iawd); international hydrological programme of the unesco (ihp/danube); international sava river basin commission (isrbc); ramsar convention on wetlands; regional environmental center for central and eastern europe (rec); vgb powertech e.v.	in addition, the icpdr has 21 official observers with rights to attend meetings and participate in decision-making: black sea commission (bsc); central dredging association (ceda); danube environmental forum (def); danube commission (dc); danube tourist commission (die donau); european anglers alliance (eaa); european barge union (ebu); european water association (ewa); friends of nature international (nfi); global water partnership (gwp/cee); international association for danube research (iad); international association of water supply companies in the danube river catchment area (iawd); international hydrological programme of the unesco (ihp/danube); international sava river basin commission (isrbc); ramsar convention on wetlands; regional environmental center for central and eastern europe (rec); vgb powertech e.v.
"her (presumed) designation as ""blues royalty"" (the source of which remains obscure) also has raised valid criticisms about ""cultural appropriation"", although during her life janis herself always acknowledged the black artists who had inspired her, including ma rainey, bessie smith and big mama thornton."	"her (presumed) designation as ""blues royalty"" (the source of which remains obscure) also has raised criticisms about ""cultural appropriation"", although during her life janis herself always acknowledged the black artists who had inspired her, including ma rainey, bessie smith and big mama thornton ."
the convention came into force on 17 december 1975. as of june 2014, it has been ratified by 191 states, which includes 187 un member states plus the cook islands, the holy see, niue, and palestine .	the convention came into force on 17 december 1975. as of june 2014, it has been ratified by 191 states, which includes 187 un member states plus the cook islands, the holy see, niue, and the palestinian territories .
the new variant use the powerful 2a46 125 mm smoothbore cannon with a autoloader.	the new variant use the 2a46 125 mm smoothbore cannon with a autoloader.
a re-evaluation published by the original proponents in june 2013 of spherules from 18 sites worldwide supports their hypothesis.	a re-evaluation published by the original proponents in june 2013 of spherules from 18 sites worldwide claims to support their hypothesis.
among those who did make appearances were comedienne imogene coca, actor david mccallum, senator robert kennedy, and even bob hope showed up on occasion.	among those who did make appearances were comedian imogene coca, actor david mccallum, senator robert kennedy, and even bob hope showed up on occasion.
claudine margaret castelo barretto-santiago (born july 20, 1979), popularly known as claudine barretto is a popular film and television actress philippines.	claudine margaret castelo barretto-santiago (born july 20, 1979), popularly known as claudine barretto is a film and television actress philippines.
in 1686, 40 years after mogila's death, the ottomans, acting on the behalf of the russian tsar, pressured the patriarch of constantinople into transferring the orthodox church of kiev and all rus' from the jurisdiction of constantinople to the patriarch of moscow, established a century prior to that.	in 1686, 40 years after mogila's death, the ottomans, acting on the behalf of the muscovy tsar , pressured the patriarch of constantinople into transferring the orthodox church of kiev and all rus' from the jurisdiction of constantinople to the patriarch of moscow, established a century prior to that.
as of 2004, new double sided discs have become quite rare.	as of 2004, new double sided discs have become increasingly rare.
westbury on trym is an affluent suburb and council ward in the north of the city of bristol, near the suburbs of stoke bishop, westbury park, henleaze, southmead and henbury, in the southwest of england.	westbury on trym is an suburb and council ward in the north of the city of bristol, near the suburbs of stoke bishop, westbury park, henleaze, southmead and henbury, in the southwest of england.
iris chang has written three notable works that document the mistreatment of asian americans during times in america's past.	iris chang has written three notable works that document the experiences of asian americans during times in america's past.
in june 2009, bundestag member jrg tauss left the spd for the pirate party.	in june 2009, bundestag member jrg tauss left the spd and joined the pirate party.
the story was very loosely adapted in the shoddy 2004 straight-to-video splatter movie vampires vs. zombies.	the story was very loosely adapted in the 2004 straight-to-video splatter movie vampires vs. zombies.
irene franklin (13 june 1876 in new york city, new york – 16 june 1941 in englewood, new jersey), was an american actress of stage and screen; vaudeville comedienne and singer.	irene franklin (13 june 1876 in new york city, new york – 16 june 1941 in englewood, new jersey), was an american actress of stage and screen; vaudeville comedian and singer.
roger kahn (born october 31, 1927 in brooklyn, new york) is one of america's leading writers about sport - especially baseball.	roger kahn (born october 31, 1927 in brooklyn, new york) is one of america's most acclaimed writers about sport - especially baseball.
category: actresses from newton, massachusetts	category: actors from newton, massachusetts
the university of detroit mercy strives to articulate to its wonderful students and community partners a mission and vision statement founded on their collective religious traditions.	the university of detroit mercy strives to articulate to its students and community partners a mission and vision statement founded on their collective religious traditions.
more recent breast fetishism can be in part linked with the canadian actress and glamour model, pamela anderson, who helped amplify and normalize the trend by openly acknowledging her cosmetic surgery to increase her breast size and shape, and whose enhancement seemed to increase her stardom, rendering implants more publicly acceptable for the average woman.	more recent breast fetishism can be in part linked with the canadian actress and glamour model, pamela anderson, who helped amplify and normalize the trend by openly acknowledging her cosmetic surgery to increase her breast size and shape, and whose enlargement seemed to increase her stardom, rendering implants more publicly acceptable for the average woman.
elaine c. smith, comedienne and actress	elaine c. smith, comedian and actress
he cites several geological similarities with biblical descriptions, and multiple linguistic coincidences as proof.	he cites several geological similarities with biblical descriptions, and multiple linguistic parallels as proof.
an estimated 200,000 klan members and supporters gathered in malfalfa park for a mighty konklave and the elevation of d. c. stephenson to grand dragon of the indiana klan.	an estimated 200,000 klan members and supporters gathered in malfalfa park for a massive konklave and the elevation of d. c. stephenson to grand dragon of the indiana klan.
dr. campbell, who is on the faculty at the roy j. and lucille a. carver college of medicine at the university of iowa, is internationally recognized for his fundamental contributions to muscular dystrophy research.	dr. campbell, who is on the faculty at the roy j. and lucille a. carver college of medicine at the university of iowa, is internationally recognized for his contributions to muscular dystrophy research.
the classic street circuit is the circuit de monaco, although races in other urban locations come and go (las vegas and detroit, for example) and proposals for such races are often discussed most recently for london and beirut.	the only real street circuit is the circuit de monaco, although races in other urban locations come and go (las vegas and detroit, for example) and proposals for such races are often discussed most recently for london and beirut.
"however, yad vashem subsequently announced that they would not list gring as righteous among the nations, explaining that although ""(t)here are indications that albert goering had a positive attitude to jews and that he helped some people,"" there is not ""sufficient proof, i.e., primary sources, showing that he took extraordinary risks to save jews from danger of deportation and death."""	"however, yad vashem subsequently announced that they would not list gring as righteous among the nations, stating that although ""(t)here are indications that albert goering had a positive attitude to jews and that he helped some people,"" there is not ""sufficient proof, i.e., primary sources, showing that he took extraordinary risks to save jews from danger of deportation and death."""
an important property of three-phase power is that the power available to a resistive load, , ffbfbfb is constant at all times.	an important property of three-phase power is that the power available to a resistive load, , is constant at all times.
indeed, in 1863, lincoln had to divert combat troops to retake control of new york city from the peace rioters.	indeed, in 1863, lincoln had to divert combat troops to retake control of new york city from the anti-draft rioters.
code of canons of oriental churchs, defective english translation	code of canons of oriental churchs, english translation
the second chechen war was a military campaign initiated by russia in 1999, in which russian forces recaptured the separatist region of chechnya.	the second chechen war was a military campaign conducted by russia in 1999, in which russian forces recaptured the separatist region of chechnya.
ingenious school children at newlands school, east sussex, used blu-tac to support the 16k ram pack so that it did not wobble; games could be played for hours on end without fear of a whiteout.	school children at newlands school, east sussex, used blu-tac to support the 16k ram pack so that it did not wobble; games could be played for hours on end without fear of a whiteout.
during the same sinister winter, bands of christian fanatics, the tafurs, are reported to have roamed the syrian countryside searching for human preys, which they devoured at night around fires.	during the same winter, bands of christian fanatics, the tafurs, are reported to have roamed the syrian countryside searching for human preys, which they devoured at night around fires.
"then first lady barbara bush famously paraphrased ferris in her 1990 commencement address at wellesley college: ""find the joy in life, because as ferris bueller said on his day off, 'life moves pretty fast; if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it!'"""	"then first lady barbara bush paraphrased ferris in her 1990 commencement address at wellesley college: ""find the joy in life, because as ferris bueller said on his day off, 'life moves pretty fast; if you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it!'"""
horatio alger, jr. (january 13, 1832 july 18, 1899) was a prolific 19th-century american author, best known for his many formulaic juvenile novels about impoverished boys and their rise from humble backgrounds to lives of middle-class security and comfort through hard work, determination, courage, and honesty.	horatio alger, jr. (january 13, 1832 july 18, 1899) was a prolific 19th-century american author, best known for his many juvenile novels about impoverished boys and their rise from humble backgrounds to lives of middle-class security and comfort through hard work, determination, courage, and honesty.
though the park had already become a de facto homeless shelter and the general public virtually barred from using the park by anarchists supposedly supporting the rights of these homeless, some residents considered it an attempt to take the park away from the public.	though the park had already become a de facto homeless shelter and the general public virtually barred from using the park by anarchists supporting the rights of these homeless, some residents considered it an attempt to take the park away from the public.
the school trained field artillery officers and enlisted crewman for pershing.	the school trained field artillery officers and enlisted crewmembers for pershing.
ahmadi 's view zoroaster as a prophet of god and describe the expressions of ahura mazda, the god of goodness and ahraman, the god of evil as merely referring to the coexistence of forces of good and evil enabling humans to exercise free will.	ahmadi muslims view zoroaster as a prophet of god and describe the expressions of ahura mazda, the god of goodness and ahraman, the god of evil as merely referring to the coexistence of forces of good and evil enabling humans to exercise free will.
"chomsky says mit's students suffered things that ""should not have happened"", but has also claimed that mit has ""quite a good record on civil liberties""."	"chomsky says mit's students suffered things that ""should not have happened"", but has also commented that mit has ""quite a good record on civil liberties""."
they have two daughters : james (born 2014) and ines (born 2016).	they have two children : james (born 2014) and ines (born 2016).
it spent seven weeks at number one on the u.s. billboard hot 100 in 2007. the song is easily recognized with its steel pan melody, tiresome repetetive rhythm, and incoherent lyrics.	it spent seven weeks at number one on the u.s. billboard hot 100 in 2007. the song is easily recognized with its steel pan melody, highly repetetive rhythm, and incoherent lyrics.
based on a 2001 study, some commentators speculated that neanderthals exhibited rufosity, and that some red-headed and freckled humans today share some heritage with neanderthals, however many other researchers disagree.	based on a 2001 study, some commentators speculated that neanderthals exhibited rufosity, and that some red-headed and freckled humans today share some heritage with neanderthals, however other researchers disagree.
it was the beginning of a moving trilogy.	it was the beginning of a trilogy.
the climate of dunedin in general is miserable ; however the city is recognised as having a large number of microclimates and the weather conditions often vary between suburbs mostly due to the city's topographical layout.	the climate of dunedin in general is temperate ; however the city is recognised as having a large number of microclimates and the weather conditions often vary between suburbs mostly due to the city's topographical layout.
the battle of karbala was a skirmish that took place on 10 muharram, 61 ah (october 10, 680) in karbala, in present day iraq, between the islamic prophet muhammad's grandson husayn ibn ali and a military detachment from the forces of yazid i, the umayyad caliph.	the battle of karbala was a military engagement that took place on 10 muharram, 61 ah (october 10, 680) in karbala, in present day iraq, between the islamic prophet muhammad's grandson husayn ibn ali and a military detachment from the forces of yazid i, the umayyad caliph.
jehovah's witnesses have attracted criticism over issues surrounding their bible translation, doctrines, their handling of sexual abuse cases, and alleged coercion of members.	jehovah's witnesses have received criticism over issues surrounding their bible translation, doctrines, their handling of sexual abuse cases, and alleged coercion of members.
the prestigious university of balamand is headquartered in the koura district.	the university of balamand is headquartered in the koura district.
arendt takes eichmann's court testimony and the historical evidence available, and makes several compelling observations about eichmann:	arendt takes eichmann's court testimony and the historical evidence available, and makes several observations about eichmann:
creation science (also known as scientific creationism or cs) is an attempt to provide scientific support for the account of the creation of the universe related in the bible.	creation science (also known as scientific creationism or cs) is an attempt to provide support for the account of the creation of the universe related in the bible.
the acoustic version was released on june 13, 2005 in order to celebrate the groundbreaking album's tenth anniversary.	the acoustic version was released on june 13, 2005 in order to celebrate the album's tenth anniversary.
the garden state parkway, a long toll road in new jersey	the garden state parkway, a toll road in new jersey
while some jurisdictions regard crossbows the same as firearms, many others do not even require any sort of license to own a crossbow even for people, such as felons, who may not legally possess a firearm.	while some jurisdictions regard crossbows the same as firearms, many others do not require any sort of license to own a crossbow even for people, such as felons, who may not legally possess a firearm.
although johnny smith was the guitarist in the original new york bebop scene, and both tal farlow and jimmy raney made amazing contributions in the 1950's to bebop guitar, each of these men curtailed their own output in the 1960s, creating a vacuum that montgomery naturally filled with virtuousic playing.	although johnny smith was the guitarist in the original new york bebop scene, and both tal farlow and jimmy raney made significant contributions in the 1950's to bebop guitar, each of these men curtailed their own output in the 1960s, creating a vacuum that montgomery naturally filled with virtuousic playing.
after board members falsely accusing jeremy clarkson, an odious british tv celebrity, of horse fiddling, the board was closed and reopened with board members as editors.	after board members falsely accusing jeremy clarkson, an british tv celebrity, of horse fiddling, the board was closed and reopened with board members as editors.
it is the world's largest baptist denomination and the largest protestant body in the united states, with nearly 16 million members .	it is the world's largest baptist denomination and the largest non-roman catholic body in the united states, with nearly 16 million members .
unfortunately , they also had a tendency to panic themselves: after sustaining moderate wounds or when their driver was killed, they would run amok, indiscriminately causing casualties as they sought escape.	however , they also had a tendency to panic themselves: after sustaining moderate wounds or when their driver was killed, they would run amok, indiscriminately causing casualties as they sought escape.
sisters hazar (left) and dina (right) turki, both murdered by natan-zada	sisters hazar (left) and dina (right) turki, both killed by natan-zada
"in the birth-universe of the story's protagonist lyra belacqua, a human individual's soul manifests itself throughout life as an animal-shaped ""dmon"" that always stays near its human counterpart."	"in the birth-universe of the story's protagonist lyra belacqua, a human individual's inner-self manifests itself throughout life as an animal-shaped ""dmon"" that always stays near its human counterpart."
beside the united states, canada and france are the only two other oecd countries where private insurance represents more than 10% of total health spending.	beside the united states, canada and france are the two other oecd countries where private insurance represents more than 10% of total health spending.
the large city of malaga was taken on february 8, and on april 28, franco's men entered guernica, in the basque country, two days after the infamous bombing of that city by the german condor legion equipped with heinkel he-51 biplanes (the legion arrived in spain on may 7).	the large city of malaga was taken on february 8, and on april 28, franco's men entered guernica, in the basque country, two days after the bombing of that city by the german condor legion equipped with heinkel he-51 biplanes (the legion arrived in spain on may 7).
iran's government suspended its payments and tried refunding the loan by making pressure on france by handling terrorist groups, including the hezbollah who took french citizens hostage in the 1980s.	iran's government suspended its payments and tried refunding the loan by making pressure on france by handling militant groups, including the hezbollah who took french citizens hostage in the 1980s.
on february 6 2006, a sniper employed by blackwater worldwide opened fire from the roof of the iraqi justice ministry murdered three guards working for the state-funded iraqi media network.	on february 6 2006, a sniper employed by blackwater worldwide opened fire from the roof of the iraqi justice ministry shot three guards working for the state-funded iraqi media network.
our work is conducted by committees of volunteer scientists--leading national and international experts--who serve without compensation.	their work is conducted by committees of volunteer scientists--leading national and international experts--who serve without compensation.
christopher columbus (genoa?, 1451 – may 20, 1506, valladolid, spain) was a navigator and maritime explorer who is often incorrectly credited as the discoverer of the americas.	christopher columbus (genoa?, 1451 – may 20, 1506, valladolid, spain) was a navigator and maritime explorer who is often credited as the discoverer of the americas.
despite the heroic resistance of the finns, the soviets would have inevitably won through attrition.	despite the strong resistance of the finns, the soviets would have inevitably won through attrition.
the movement acknowledges a relationship between the oppression of women and the degradation of nature.	the movement believes that a relationship between the oppression of women and the degradation of nature.
he is best known for his roles as divorce attorney arnold becker on the nbc drama series l.a. law, as dr. alan feinstone in the dentist, as retired police detective henry spencer on the usa network comedy-drama series psych, and as roger dorn in the films major league, major league ii, and major league: back to the minors.	he is known for his roles as divorce attorney arnold becker on the nbc drama series l.a. law, as dr. alan feinstone in the dentist, as retired police detective henry spencer on the usa network comedy-drama series psych, and as roger dorn in the films major league, major league ii, and major league: back to the minors.
"while doing research, kubrick gradually became aware of the subtle and unstable ""balance of terror"" between nuclear powers."	"while doing research, kubrick gradually became aware of the subtle and paradoxical ""balance of terror"" between nuclear powers."
he believes it a folly to spend much money policing other countries' borders, such as the iraq syria border, when the u.s. mexico border can be crossed by anyone, including potential terrorists.	he believes it a folly to spend much money policing other countries' borders, such as the iraq syria border, because he thinks the u.s. mexico border can be crossed by anyone, including potential terrorists.
the day after tomorrow is a 2004 apocalyptic science-fiction amazing film that depicts catastrophic effects of global warming and boasts high-end special effects, bending the lines between science, reality and science fiction.	the day after tomorrow is a 2004 apocalyptic science-fiction film that depicts catastrophic effects of global warming and boasts high-end special effects, bending the lines between science, reality and science fiction.
this api is unfortunately limited to linux.	this api is limited to linux.
smegma, a transliteration of the greek word for soap, is a tasty combination of exfoliated (shed) epithelial cells, transudated skin oils, moisture, and bacteria that can accumulate under the foreskin of males and within the female vulva area, with a characteristic strong odor and taste.	smegma, a transliteration of the greek word for soap, is a combination of exfoliated (shed) epithelial cells, transudated skin oils, moisture, and bacteria that can accumulate under the foreskin of males and within the female vulva area, with a characteristic strong odor and taste.
roger federer is a talented professional tennis player who in 2004 became the 23rd world no.	roger federer is a professional tennis player who in 2004 became the 23rd world no.
"like the 3 preceding books in the series, the novel "" proveglia "" is set in a world ravaged by a quasi-zombie plague of ""the infected"" and takes place 8 years after the initial outbreak, by which time a cure has been developed and administered so that most of the formerly infected and those who were immune are now coexisting in what may be the only remaining civilized city."	"like the 3 preceding books in the series, the novel "" poveglia "" is set in a world ravaged by a quasi-zombie plague of ""the infected"" and takes place 8 years after the initial outbreak, by which time a cure has been developed and administered so that most of the formerly infected and those who were immune are now coexisting in what may be the only remaining civilized city."
a hardy front rower, buckley played 75 first-grade matches for newtown.	a front rower, buckley played 75 first-grade matches for newtown.
trisquel is a computer operating system based on the ubuntu gnu/ linux distribution, with all of the nonfree components removed.	trisquel is a computer operating system based on the ubuntu linux distribution, with all of the nonfree components removed.
the statue and the surrounding park has been a beloved tourist destination for years.	the statue and the surrounding park has been a tourist destination for years.
following the end of world war i, both europe and the united states were suffering economic and social upheaval.	following the end of world war i, both europe and the united states were experiencing economic and social upheaval.
a running fight was kept up for ten miles, but without any considerable advantage to either side except a brilliant dash made upon the federal wagon train by chalmers, with rucker's brigade, near bartram's shop.	a running fight was kept up for ten miles, but without any considerable advantage to either side except a dash made upon the federal wagon train by chalmers, with rucker's brigade, near bartram's shop.
"far-left hadash chairman and knesset member, mohammad barakeh said of the organisation ""... has terrorist characteristics and should be outlawed."""	"hadash chairman and knesset member, mohammad barakeh said of the organisation ""... has terrorist characteristics and should be outlawed."""
"season five saw the addition of dana lambert, played by noted stage and movie actress lesley ann warren, who was billed as ""lesley warren"" during her tenure in the cast."	"season five saw the addition of dana lambert, played by stage and movie actress lesley ann warren, who was billed as ""lesley warren"" during her tenure in the cast."
vasa (or wasa ) is a swedish 64-gun galleon , built for gustavus adolphus of sweden 1626-1628. she foundered after sailing only a mile into her maiden voyage on 10 august 1628. after years of searching and preparation from 1956, vasa was salvaged with a largely intact hull on 24 april 1961. she was housed in a temporary museum until 1987, and was later moved to the vasa museum in stockholm which officially opened in 1990 and is currently sweden's most popular tourist attraction.	vasa (or wasa ) is a swedish 64-gun warship , built for gustavus adolphus of sweden 1626-1628. she foundered after sailing only a mile into her maiden voyage on 10 august 1628. after years of searching and preparation from 1956, vasa was salvaged with a largely intact hull on 24 april 1961. she was housed in a temporary museum until 1987, and was later moved to the vasa museum in stockholm which officially opened in 1990 and is currently sweden's most popular tourist attraction.
during the great tang and song dynasties, only townships existed in this area.	during the tang and song dynasties, only townships existed in this area.
a wide variety of public programs, artists-in-residence projects, and demonstrations accompany all exhibit collections.	a variety of public programs, artists-in-residence projects, and demonstrations accompany all exhibit collections.
daphne and chloe (spanish: dafnis y cloe) is a painting by award-winning filipino painter and hero juan luna.	daphne and chloe (spanish: dafnis y cloe) is a painting by award-winning filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna.
the song was significantly different from their previous work; it has a strong heavy-metal sound to it that is a step forward from their previous works.	the song was significantly different from their previous work; it has a strong heavy-metal sound to it that is a step away from their previous works.
members are supposedly instructed to follow the laws and statutes of their country and municipality.	members are instructed to follow the laws and statutes of their country and municipality.
the city choir of washington was established under the direction of robert shafer in 2007 in the wake of his unexpected departure from the washington chorus.	the city choir of washington was established under the direction of robert shafer in 2007 in the wake of his departure from the washington chorus.
"this ""pollution"" was thought to be cleansed by fire (modelled after the mythical destruction of sodom and gomorrah), as a result of which countless individuals were burned at the stake or run through with white-hot iron rods."	"this ""pollution"" was thought to be cleansed by fire (modelled after the biblical destruction of sodom and gomorrah), as a result of which countless individuals were burned at the stake or run through with white-hot iron rods."
"during his early years at harvard, he found himself ""strangely attracted"" to a young freshman ironically named martin gay about whom he wrote sexually charged poetry."	"during his early years at harvard, he found himself ""strangely attracted"" to a young freshman named martin gay about whom he wrote sexually charged poetry."
each challenging team can only build one boat while astonishingly oracle team usa can build two.	each challenging team can only build one boat while oracle team usa can build two.
many refutations of mormonism begin with an examination of the book of mormon, which is an integral part of lds scripture.	many critiques of mormonism begin with an examination of the book of mormon, which is an integral part of lds scripture.
bolton is a large town in lancashire , in north west england.	bolton is a large town in greater manchester , in north west england.
in addition, the cathedral houses a magnificent collection of victorian era paintings, many of which were gifts to saint marys episcopal college for women, and feature saint mary.	in addition, the cathedral houses a notable collection of victorian era paintings, many of which were gifts to saint marys episcopal college for women, and feature saint mary.
cluster is a legendary german krautrock musical group whose output prefigures ambient music.	cluster is a german krautrock musical group whose output prefigures ambient music.
however, the at least one mia, san dewayne francisco, was stated to have been reported to be alive by a north vietnamese newspaper which was confirmed by radio transmissions by francisco immediately after his aircraft crashed.	however, at least one mia, san dewayne francisco, was stated to have been reported to be alive by a north vietnamese newspaper which was confirmed by radio transmissions by francisco immediately after his aircraft crashed.
he has successfully launched several projects in connection with the group of companies owned and operated by the leventis and david families.	he has launched several projects in connection with the group of companies owned and operated by the leventis and david families.
after the war he became a professor at the university of strasbourg, where he wrote the genesis and structure of phenomenology (1947) before moving to the sorbonne in 1949. in 1954 he became the director of the école normale supérieure and in 1955 produced a fine study of karl marx's earlier, more hegelian period.	after the war he became a professor at the university of strasbourg, where he wrote the genesis and structure of phenomenology (1947) before moving to the sorbonne in 1949. in 1954 he became the director of the école normale supérieure and in 1955 produced a study of karl marx's earlier, more hegelian period.
protests were staged by pro- russian groups who opposed the events in kiev and wanted closer ties or integration with russia, in addition to expanded autonomy or possible independence for crimea.	protests were staged by ethnic russian groups who opposed the events in kiev and wanted closer ties or integration with russia, in addition to expanded autonomy or possible independence for crimea.
"blaney opines the song's melody as ""apparently incomplete ... a simple motif that cries out to be developed and extended."""	"blaney described the song's melody as ""apparently incomplete ... a simple motif that cries out to be developed and extended."""
the first issue of the paper was published in june 15, 1948 in pingshan, hubei as the paper of a regional branch of the asshole communist party.	the first issue of the paper was published in june 15, 1948 in pingshan, hubei as the paper of a regional branch of the communist party.
in december, 2004, a federal judge in the u.s. city of chicago ruled that the holy land foundation (along with the islamic association of palestine and the quranic literacy institute) was liable for a $156 million dollar lawsuit for aiding and abetting the terror group hamas in the death of a 17-year-old american citizen called david boim.	in december, 2004, a federal judge in the u.s. city of chicago ruled that the holy land foundation (along with the islamic association of palestine and the quranic literacy institute) was liable for a $156 million dollar lawsuit for aiding and abetting the militant group hamas in the death of a 17-year-old american citizen called david boim.
pro-pedophile activism or pro-paedophile activism (commonwealth usage) encompasses pro-pedophile organizations and activists that argue for specific changes to criminal laws and to cultural responses associated with pedophiles and adult-minor sexual relations .	pro-pedophile activism or pro-paedophile activism (commonwealth usage) encompasses pro-pedophile organizations and activists that argue for specific changes to criminal laws and to cultural responses associated with pedophiles and adult-minor sexual interactions .
-->living in the village of deir yassin (transliterated hebrew: dirat hayasmin) near jerusalem in the british mandate of palestine were murdered by jewish irgun-lehi force.	-->living in the village of deir yassin (transliterated hebrew: dirat hayasmin) near jerusalem in the british mandate of palestine were killed during battle by jewish irgun-lehi force.
brahmanbaria medical college (bmc) , which began educating students in 2013, is a prominent private university in bangladesh.	brahmanbaria medical college (bmc) , which began educating students in 2013, is a private university in bangladesh.
in the years before the first world war, j. hugh edwards became notorious for his anti-socialist campaigning.	in the years before the first world war, j. hugh edwards became well-known for his anti-socialist campaigning.
in islam, bidah refers to heretical innovation in religious matters.	in islam, bidah refers to innovation in religious matters.
in the 1830s many of the oneida relocated into canada and wisconsin thanks to the rising tide of indian removal.	in the 1830s many of the oneida relocated into canada and wisconsin , due to the rising tide of indian removal.
the qur'an excludes any references to lot's drunkeness and incestuous relations.	the qur'an does not include any references to lot's drunkeness and incestuous relations.
the federalists imposed severe restrictions on french sympathizers in the unconstitutional alien and sedition acts.	the federalists imposed severe restrictions on french sympathizers in the alien and sedition acts.
jean-luc antoine pierre mlenchon (; born 19 august 1951) is a french far-left politician serving as a member of the national assembly of france since 2017.	jean-luc antoine pierre mlenchon (; born 19 august 1951) is a french politician serving as a member of the national assembly of france since 2017.
first year - fellows from all disciplines work on at least three digital video or high definition short films (up to 20 minutes), appropriately referred to as 'cycle projects'.	first year - fellows from all disciplines work on at least three digital video or high definition short films (up to 20 minutes), referred to as 'cycle projects'.
they illegally immigrate to bangladesh in search of jobs in the metropolitan hubs and a marginally better standard of living.	they illegally immigrate to bangladesh in search of jobs in the metropolitan hubs and a better standard of living.
even while on his deathbed, pierre lous continued to write obscene verses.	even while on his deathbed, pierre lous continued to write erotic verses.
"the canadian art-rock group the rheostatics recorded a harrowing version of lightfoot's ""the wreck of the edmund fitzgerald"" for release on their 1991 album melville."	"the canadian art-rock group the rheostatics recorded a version of lightfoot's ""the wreck of the edmund fitzgerald"" for release on their 1991 album melville."
jerash is now the second-most popular tourist attraction in jordan, closely behind the splendid ruins of petra.	jerash is now the second-most popular tourist attraction in jordan, closely behind the ruins of petra.
beginning with sandy bridge, the graphics processors include a form of digital copy protection and digital restrictions management (drm) called intel insider , which allows decryption of protected media within the processor.	beginning with sandy bridge, the graphics processors include a form of digital copy protection and digital rights management (drm) called intel insider , which allows decryption of protected media within the processor.
it is located south of turkey, west of syria and lebanon, northwest of palestine , north of egypt and east of greece.	it is located south of turkey, west of syria and lebanon, northwest of israel , north of egypt and east of greece.
wahhabis ban pictures, photographs, musical instruments, singing, video, suicide bombings (not to suggest that any strand of islam specifically condones it), and celebrating muhammad's birthday, among many other things, based on their interpretation of the ahadith (classical collections of sayings and traditions of muhammad).	wahhabis ban pictures, photographs, musical instruments, singing, video, suicide bombings (not to suggest that any strand of islam specifically it), and celebrating muhammad's birthday, among many other things, based on their interpretation of the ahadith (classical collections of sayings and traditions of muhammad).
"in january 2013, after an anti-roma text written by zsolt bayer (co-founder of fidesz and a friend of viktor orbn) in the far-right newspaper magyar hrlap, mt kocsis (the communications chief of the same party) stated that anyone who protested against the article ""was putting himself on the side of murderers"" - meaning the roma."	"in january 2013, after an anti-roma text written by zsolt bayer (co-founder of fidesz and a friend of viktor orbn) in the newspaper magyar hrlap , mt kocsis (the communications chief of the same party) stated that anyone who protested against the article ""was putting himself on the side of murderers"" - meaning the roma."
"here they enjoyed practicing their works, and enjoying the simple, rustic life, always with too much chinese alcoholic beverage (sometimes referred to as ""wine"")."	"here they enjoyed practicing their works, and enjoying the simple, rustic life, always with much chinese alcoholic beverage (sometimes referred to as ""wine"")."
m.d.ramanathan, a great carnatic music artist.	m.d.ramanathan, a carnatic music artist.
december 14 miranda hart, british comedienne and actress	december 14 miranda hart, british comedian and actress
she told the court that the infamous minute which the party had sought to withhold had noted this.	she told the court that the controversial minute which the party had sought to withhold had noted this.
former state senator joseph brennan of the democratic party easily defeated both challenger republican linwood palmer and independent candidate herman frankland.	former state senator joseph brennan of the democratic party defeated both challenger republican linwood palmer and independent candidate herman frankland.
in this race, phelps became only the fifth olympic athlete in modern history to win nine gold medals, joining mark spitz, larisa latynina, paavo nurmi, and carl lewis.	in this race, phelps became the fifth olympic athlete in modern history to win nine gold medals, joining mark spitz, larisa latynina, paavo nurmi, and carl lewis.
anyways , the churches in sdra sum, tolnga, bjrka, blentarp and everlv are all interesting.	anyway , the churches in sdra sum, tolnga, bjrka, blentarp and everlv are all interesting.
from hitler's promotion of declared atheists within his party and his use of musslem fighters in his army, it can be concluded that hitler in the public realm tolerated different religious opinions, ranging from atheist to islamic, as long as those people professing these different creeds would support the nazi regime.	from hitler's promotion of declared atheists within his party and his use of muslem fighters in his army, it can be concluded that hitler in the public realm tolerated different religious opinions, ranging from atheist to islamic, as long as those people professing these different creeds would support the nazi regime.
the holy bible, for example, in the new testament, forbids pre-maritial sex of any form.	the bible, for example, in the new testament, forbids pre-maritial sex of any form.
"in november 2007, fans at a beavers football game wore all black and blackface to ""black-out reser,"" in an effort to support the team."	"in november 2007, fans at a beavers football game wore all black and black face paint to ""black-out reser,"" in an effort to support the team."
"the shows also marked the debut of virtuoso guitarist and composer ron ""bumblefoot"" thal, replacing buckethead."	"the shows also marked the debut of guitarist and composer ron ""bumblefoot"" thal, replacing buckethead."
the gulf of tonkin incident was a pair of attacks perpetrated by naval forces of the democratic republic of vietnam (the communist government of north vietnam) against two american destroyers, the uss maddox and the uss turner joy.	the gulf of tonkin incident was a pair of attacks initiated by naval forces of the democratic republic of vietnam (the communist government of north vietnam) against two american destroyers, the uss maddox and the uss turner joy.
george harrison, mbe (25 february 1943 – 29 november 2001) was an award-winning english rock guitarist, singer-songwriter, author and sitarist best known as the lead guitarist for the beatles.	george harrison, mbe (25 february 1943 – 29 november 2001) was an english rock guitarist, singer-songwriter, author and sitarist best known as the lead guitarist for the beatles.
raspail's seminal work is the camp of the saints (1973).	raspail's most widely known work is the camp of the saints (1973).
kellita smith (born july 11, 1969) is an american actress, model, and comedienne , best known for her role as wanda mccullough on the bernie mac show.	kellita smith (born july 11, 1969) is an american actress, model, and comedian , best known for her role as wanda mccullough on the bernie mac show.
the jury is composed of leadinger international experts from different fields.	the jury is composed of international experts from different fields.
by 2018, the ricketts family owned 11 of the rooftops, operating them under as wrigley rooftops, llc.	by 2018, the ricketts family owned 11 of the rooftops, operating them as wrigley rooftops, llc.
by september, swedish finland was also liberated .	by september, swedish finland was also controlled by the rebels .
ogle is a dvd player for gnu/ linux, and other unix-like operating systems.	ogle is a dvd player for linux, and other unix-like operating systems.
however, tolkien, as a devout christian, knew that man's fate was salvation at the hands of the son of god.	however, tolkien, as a devout christian, believed that man's fate was salvation at the hands of the son of god.
), but it adds a well-designed gui frontend, and many more information sorting and filtering options.	), but it adds a gui frontend, and many more information sorting and filtering options.
because of its strategic location, malacca was an important stopping point for zheng he's spectacular fleet.	because of its strategic location, malacca was an important stopping point for zheng he's fleet.
in 1996 she won the democratic nomination for governor in a field of eleven candidates, but was easily defeated by republican former governor cecil h. underwood.	in 1996 she won the democratic nomination for governor in a field of eleven candidates, but was defeated by republican former governor cecil h. underwood.
it was exhibited again in berlin in 2008. it has been argued by professor luciano canfora that the manuscript is the work of constantine simonides.	it was exhibited again in berlin in 2008. it has been argued by luciano canfora that the manuscript is the work of constantine simonides.
the rage: carrie 2 is the 1999 sequel to the 1976 horror film classic carrie.	the rage: carrie 2 is the 1999 sequel to the 1976 horror film carrie.
limited discrimination without qos tiering: american lawmakers have introduced bills that would allow quality of service discrimination as long as no special fee is charged for higher-quality service.	limited discrimination without qos tiering: united states lawmakers have introduced bills that would allow quality of service discrimination as long as no special fee is charged for higher-quality service.
"some of their notable employees include steve ""guinsoo"" feak, a former developer of the popular warcraft 3 custom map defense of the ancients; and steve ""pendragon"" mescon, who created the defense of the ancients community website dota-allstars.com."	"some of their notable employees include steve ""guinsoo"" feak, a former developer of the warcraft 3 custom map defense of the ancients; and steve ""pendragon"" mescon, who created the defense of the ancients community website dota-allstars.com."
the society degenerated into anarchy , with rape gangs among other problems, although they seemed to have restored some kind of order before 2367. in the yar family, natasha yar escaped the planet, while ishara yar remained and joined a cadre.	the society degenerated into chaos , with rape gangs among other problems, although they seemed to have restored some kind of order before 2367. in the yar family, natasha yar escaped the planet, while ishara yar remained and joined a cadre.
however, adendorff raises the point that fanagalo is sometimes used between white south africans, particularly expatriates, as a signal of south african origin and a way of conveying solidarity in an informal manner.	however, he raises the point that fanagalo is sometimes used between white south africans, particularly expatriates, as a signal of south african origin and a way of conveying solidarity in an informal manner.
rupert sheldrake, ph.d. from skeptical investigations, an organization which criticises unscientific claims made by skeptics, for which sheldrake is listed among the 'associates and advisors'.	rupert sheldrake, ph.d. from skeptical investigations, an organization which criticises claims made by skeptics, for which sheldrake is listed among the 'associates and advisors'.
while in school, kunstler was an avid poet, and even represented yale one year in the prestigious glascock prize competition at mount holyoke college.	while in school, kunstler was an avid poet, and even represented yale one year in the glascock prize competition at mount holyoke college.
hulk first played professionally with modest esporte clube vitria and, still a youngster emigrated to japan, where he consecutively represented kawasaki frontale, consadole sapporo and tokyo verdy (which also dones a green uniform, hence the moniker).	hulk first played professionally with esporte clube vitria and, still a youngster emigrated to japan, where he consecutively represented kawasaki frontale, consadole sapporo and tokyo verdy (which also dones a green uniform, hence the moniker).
the company operates as a payment processor for online vendors, auction sites, and other commercial users, for which it charges a small fee in exchange for benefits such as one-click transactions and password memory.	the company operates as a payment processor for online vendors, auction sites, and other commercial users, for which it charges a fee in exchange for benefits such as one-click transactions and password memory.
some of the most infamous rules of the kanun (in particular book 10 section 3) specify how murder is supposed to be handled, which often in the past and sometimes still now lead to blood feuds that last until all the men of the two involved families are killed.	some of the most rules of the kanun (in particular book 10 section 3) specify how murder is supposed to be handled, which often in the past and sometimes still now lead to blood feuds that last until all the men of the two involved families are killed.
in 1970, the cathedral was converted into the maidan al jazair square mosque (in arabic ), after having been significantly rebuilt, and improving many of its original architectural features.	in 1970, the cathedral was converted into the maidan al jazair square mosque (in arabic ), after having been significantly rebuilt, and changing many of its original architectural features.
israel, she reminded readers, is a nuclear power with the most advanced death machines ever known to man, which it unleashes frequently against a principally unarmed civilian population that dares to demand freedom.	israel, she told readers, is a nuclear power with the most advanced death machines ever known to man, which it unleashes frequently against a principally unarmed civilian population that dares to demand freedom.
saratoga springs, also known as simply saratoga (though not to be confused with the nearby town of that name), is an affluent city in saratoga county, new york, united states.	saratoga springs, also known as simply saratoga (though not to be confused with the nearby town of that name), is an city in saratoga county, new york, united states.
in addition to writing, harris often guests on television programmes concerned with late 80s/early 90s british pop music as well as being a regular pundit on bbc2's newsnight review.	in addition to writing, harris often appears on television programmes concerned with late 80s/early 90s british pop music as well as being a regular pundit on bbc2's newsnight review.
the message noted that more recent versions of windows have built-in support for disk encryption using bitlocker, and that linux and mac had similar built-in solutions, which the message claims renders truecrypt unnecessary.	the message noted that more recent versions of windows have built-in support for disk encryption using bitlocker, and that linux and mac had similar built-in solutions, which the message states renders truecrypt unnecessary.
law suits have been filed against hard disk manufacturers including western digital , related to the claimed capacity of their drives.	law suits have been filed against hard disk manufacturers seagate and western digital , related to the claimed capacity of their drives.
goubuli is a famous brand of baozi from tianjin, china.	goubuli is a brand of baozi from tianjin, china.
the national mosque of bangladesh has several modern architectural features, and at the same time it beautifully preserves the traditional principles of mosques architecture.	the national mosque of bangladesh has several modern architectural features, and at the same time it preserves the traditional principles of mosques architecture.
"in religion dispatches magazine, candace chellew-hodge notes that the six or so verses that are often cited to condemn lgbt people are referring instead to ""abusive sex."""	"in religion dispatches magazine, candace chellew-hodge argues that the six or so verses that are often cited to condemn lgbt people are referring instead to ""abusive sex."""
the accounts of the british prisoners have been confirmed by two former french prisoners, a former swedish prisoner, and a former australian prisoner.	the accounts of the british prisoners have been reiterated by two former french prisoners, a former swedish prisoner, and a former australian prisoner.
in his final season, mccoy led the texas longhorns to a perfect 120 regular season record, as well as a controversial 13-12 victory over the nebraska cornhuskers to win the big 12 championship in cowboys stadium.	in his final season, mccoy led the texas longhorns to a perfect 120 regular season record, as well as a 13-12 victory over the nebraska cornhuskers to win the big 12 championship in cowboys stadium.
the artwork shows an ingenious imposition of futuristic devices on late nineteenth century society - london cabbies and the household cavalry have swopped their horses for mechanical devices with spiderlike legs; homes are heated and lit by modified versions of the martian heat ray, the pigeons of trafalgar square are thinned out by miniature martian war machines.	the artwork shows an imposition of futuristic devices on late nineteenth century society - london cabbies and the household cavalry have swopped their horses for mechanical devices with spiderlike legs; homes are heated and lit by modified versions of the martian heat ray, the pigeons of trafalgar square are thinned out by miniature martian war machines.
she tried to make it as a stand-up comedienne in granada television's stand up jenny, and was a regular on itv's loose women.	she tried to make it as a stand-up comedian in granada television's stand up jenny, and was a regular on itv's loose women.
in this tense military thriller, intelligence officer jack poynt (antonio sabato jr.) discovers evidence of a cia-backed raid on a medical facility in cambodia in 1972, which led to the torture and slaughter of a number of innocent civilians.	in this tense military thriller, intelligence officer jack poynt (antonio sabato jr.) discovers evidence of a cia-backed raid on a medical facility in cambodia in 1972, which led to the torture and slaughter of a number of civilians.
the us received its own m series e24 in 1987 but it was called simply m6 and thanks to emission regulations it came with a reduced 256 hp.	the us received its own m series e24 in 1987 but it was called simply m6 and due to emission regulations it came with a reduced 256 hp.
park avenue in dublin, like its famous namesake in new york city, is noted for its perennially high property prices.	park avenue in dublin, like its famous namesake in new york city, is noted for its high property prices.
the g3 line body type is closer to the g1 line in shape than were the hideous g2 ponies, although smaller.	the g3 line body type is closer to the g1 line in shape than were the g2 ponies, although smaller.
he was initially credited under the shortened name siddig el fadil, until october 1995 (about halfway through his role in star trek: deep space nine) he changed his stage name to alexander siddig, as he thought it would be less confusing and easier to pronounce by heavy american tongues.	he was initially credited under the shortened name siddig el fadil, until october 1995 (about halfway through his role in star trek: deep space nine) he changed his stage name to alexander siddig, as he thought it would be less confusing and easier to pronounce by american tongues.
the splc's expertise on hate groups was questioned by journalist ken silverstein who argues that the organization sometimes exaggerates the threats posed by certain groups.	the splc's data on hate groups was questioned by journalist ken silverstein who argues that the organization sometimes exaggerates the threats posed by certain groups.
donkey voters are apathetic voters common in systems with compulsory voting who turn up to vote on election date to avoid a fine and number their ballot papers in the order of candidates on the ballot paper.	donkey voters are voters common in systems with compulsory voting who turn up to vote on election date to avoid a fine and number their ballot papers in the order of candidates on the ballot paper.
the romans subsequently conquered the iberian peninsula and slowly repressed the local culture and language.	the romans subsequently conquered the iberian peninsula and slowly absorbed the local culture and language.
a survey published in the lancet on 29 october, 2004 estimated the civilian and military casualties of the 2003 invasion and subsequent occupation of iraq to be 98,000 (95% confidence interval: 8000 to 194000) higher (disregarding falujah ) than would have been expected without the invasion; it generated some caveats.	a survey published in the lancet on 29 october, 2004 estimated the civilian and military casualties of the 2003 invasion and subsequent occupation of iraq to be 98,000 (95% confidence interval: 8000 to 194000) higher (disregarding an outlier data point from fallujah , with which the central estimate would be 285,000 ) than would have been expected without the invasion; it generated some caveats.
he also divulged the name of bradley manning to u.s. authorities as the source of the july 12, 2007 baghdad airstrike video leak to wikileaks.	he also provided the name of bradley manning to u.s. authorities as the source of the july 12, 2007 baghdad airstrike video leak to wikileaks.
magic glasses: on numerous occasions, pee-wee would put on a pair of magic glasses, which had attached to it a weird hat with a monkey's head and arms on it.	magic glasses: on numerous occasions, pee-wee would put on a pair of magic glasses, which had attached to it a hat with a monkey's head and arms on it.
this is due to the fact that karl marx died before marginalist theories were widely accepted.	this may be due to the fact that karl marx died before marginalist theories were widely accepted.
the islanders promptly signed yashin to an enormous 10-year, $87.5 million usd contract.	the islanders signed yashin to an enormous 10-year, $87.5 million usd contract.
october 27 air france lockheed constellation crashed in the azores 48 died including french boxing star marcel cerdan and the brilliant young concert violinist, ginette neveu.	october 27 air france lockheed constellation crashed in the azores 48 died including french boxing star marcel cerdan and the young concert violinist, ginette neveu.
david orme-johnson, a former faculty member at maharishi university of management (at which all students and faculty practice the transcendental meditation technique daily), who has researched the transcendental meditation technique and the paranormal maharishi effect, cites studies by schecter, alexander and pelletier showing greater autonomy, innovative thought, and increases in creativity, general intelligence and moral reasoning in those who practice the transcendental meditation technique.	david orme-johnson, a former faculty member at maharishi university of management (at which all students and faculty practice the transcendental meditation technique daily), who has researched the transcendental meditation technique and the maharishi effect, cites studies by schecter, alexander and pelletier showing greater autonomy, innovative thought, and increases in creativity, general intelligence and moral reasoning in those who practice the transcendental meditation technique.
fiji defeated new zealand in the final to take the melrose cup for the second time, becoming the only team to have won the prestigious award twice.	fiji defeated new zealand in the final to take the melrose cup for the second time, becoming the only team to have won the award twice.
the most comprehensive study of irish souterrains is undoubtedly clinton's 2001 work, containing chapters on distribution, associated settlements, function, finds, chronology and no less than thirteen appendices on various structural aspects of souterrains themselves.	the most comprehensive study of irish souterrains is clinton's 2001 work, containing chapters on distribution, associated settlements, function, finds, chronology and no less than thirteen appendices on various structural aspects of souterrains themselves.
delay's lawyers have raised various problems with the indictments.	delay's lawyers have asserted that there are various problems with the indictments.
"also, in an editorial in august 27, 2008 titled ""tough decision coming"", the washington post editorial staff claimed that ""two members of mr. obama's political circle, james a. johnson and franklin d. raines, are former chief executives of fannie mae."""	"also, in an editorial in august 27, 2008 titled ""tough decision coming"", the washington post editorial staff wrote that ""two members of mr. obama's political circle, james a. johnson and franklin d. raines, are former chief executives of fannie mae."""
kevin wicks is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by phil daniels.	kevin wicks is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by phil daniels.
he was an ardent republican, serving as chief executive officer of the republican club at derby, and was vice president of the vermont league of republican clubs for four years, and one year its president.	he was an republican, serving as chief executive officer of the republican club at derby, and was vice president of the vermont league of republican clubs for four years, and one year its president.
many us cities restrict air gun sales and possession, usually regardless of the muzzle energy; these include: new york city, new york; camden and newark, new jersey; michigan; chicago and morton grove, illinois; san francisco, california; and philadelphia, pennsylvania.	some us cities restrict air gun sales and possession, usually regardless of the muzzle energy; these include: new york city, new york; camden and newark, new jersey; michigan; chicago and morton grove, illinois; san francisco, california; and philadelphia, pennsylvania.
poornima arvind pakvasa (born c. 1916) is a noted social worker from gujarat in india.	poornima arvind pakvasa (born c. 1916) is a social worker from gujarat in india.
philippine president benigno aquino iii compares china's encroachment in the south china sea to nazi germany's invasion of czechoslovakia.	philippine president benigno aquino iii compares china's territory claims in the south china sea to nazi germany's invasion of czechoslovakia.
catalogne du nord, is only very rarely used: the term	catalogne du nord, is only rarely used: the term
he was a popular professor at the indian institute of science, (iisc) located in bangalore.	he was a professor at the indian institute of science, (iisc) located in bangalore.
"the song ""analyse"" by radiohead frontman thom yorke is played over the credits."	"the song ""analyse"" by radiohead frontperson thom yorke is played over the credits."
uruguay endured 12 years of dictatorship, a terrible period in which several individual rights were suspended and many crimes against humanity were committed.	uruguay endured 12 years of dictatorship, a period in which several individual rights were suspended and many crimes against humanity were committed.
after a spell advising the new york dolls in the us, mclaren managed the sex pistols, to whom he recruited the charismatic frontman johnny rotten.	after a spell advising the new york dolls in the us, mclaren managed the sex pistols, to whom he recruited the nihilistic frontman johnny rotten.
refutation of the decline thesis	criticism of the decline thesis
he was especially famous for his magnificent performances of beethoven, brahms, wagner, richard strauss, debussy and his own compatriots rossini, verdi, boito and puccini.	he was especially famous for his performances of beethoven, brahms, wagner, richard strauss, debussy and his own compatriots rossini, verdi, boito and puccini.
while different hardware serves different users in different countries, the following features are useful to many: a rear rack or panier, lights ( preferably driven by an axle dynamo), disk brakes, mudguards (also called fenders), a chain guard, hub gears, and an upright sitting position.	while different hardware serves different users in different countries, the following features are useful to many: a rear rack or panier, lights ( perhaps driven by an axle dynamo), disk brakes, mudguards (also called fenders), a chain guard, hub gears, and an upright sitting position.
however, the cover of the new volume iv (a history of baba's discourses) misleadingly names meher baba as the author.	however, the cover of the new volume iv (a history of baba's discourses) names meher baba as the author.
"however, peter marshall says in demanding the impossible: a history of anarchism that ""few anarchists would accept the 'anarcho-capitalists' into the anarchist camp since they do not share a concern for economic equality and social justice."""	"however, peter marshall says in demanding the impossible: a history of anarchism that ""few anarchists would accept the 'anarcho-capitalists' into the anarchist camp "" because he believs "" they do not share a concern for economic equality and social justice."""
although the battle was inconclusive, he decided to end his campaign in italy and return to epirus; as a consequence of this, many modern sources wrongly state that pyrrhus lost the battle.	although the battle was inconclusive, he decided to end his campaign in italy and return to epirus; as a consequence of this, many modern sources state that pyrrhus lost the battle.
as a statewide field organizer in 1984, chuck helped senator harkin (d-ia) win his first election against a radical-right incumbent.	as a statewide field organizer in 1984, chuck helped senator harkin (d-ia) win his first election against a conservative incumbent.
a pro-abortion march took place a few days later, organized by the autonomous women's movement, a pro-choice organization that is part of the mrs alliance.	a march took place a few days later, organized by the autonomous women's movement, a pro-choice organization that is part of the mrs alliance.
the protesters were from hefazot-e-islam, a non-liberal religious movement that rallied against denigration of islam and muslim practices.	the protesters were from hefazot-e-islam , a religious movement that rallied against denigration of islam and muslim practices.
noah's ark (hebrew: , tevat noach; arabic: , safina nuh) is the mythical vessel, which, according to the book of genesis, was built by the patriarch noah at god's command to save himself, his family and the world's animals from a worldwide deluge.	noah's ark (hebrew: , tevat noach; arabic: , safina nuh) is the vessel, which, according to the book of genesis, was built by the patriarch noah at god's command to save himself, his family and the world's animals from a worldwide deluge.
valuca.piczo.com - best gallery of lenticular clouds	valuca.piczo.com - gallery of lenticular clouds
unfortunately all of these factors, as well as local variations in altitude, climate and game scheduling, can affect the nature of the games played at those ballparks.	all of these factors, as well as local variations in altitude, climate and game scheduling, can affect the nature of the games played at those ballparks.
"raymond v. raymond and looking 4 myself notably received grammy awards for r&b singles ""there goes my baby"" and ""climax""."	"raymond v. raymond and looking 4 myself received grammy awards for r&b singles ""there goes my baby"" and ""climax""."
member of the legislative assembly of saint petersburg and well known anti-lgbt hatemonger , vitaly milonov	member of the legislative assembly of saint petersburg and well known anti-lgbt activist , vitaly milonov
critics of channeling -- incuding both skeptics and those who do believe in spirits -- state rightly that since the most commonly-reported physical manifestations of channeling are an unusual vocal pattern or abnormal overt behaviors of the medium, channeling is therefore quite easily faked by anyone with theatrical talent.	critics of channeling -- incuding both skeptics and those who do believe in spirits -- state that since the most commonly-reported physical manifestations of channeling are an unusual vocal pattern or abnormal overt behaviors of the medium, channeling is therefore quite easily faked by anyone with theatrical talent.
at early morning, the ukrainian army base at artemivsk was shattered during a rebel tank incursion .	at early morning, the ukrainian army base at artemivsk was shattered during a rebel tank assault .
{{infobox terrorist attack	{{infobox civilian attack
popular american tv talk show maury hosted by maury povich sometimes airs entire episodes with morbidly obese toddlers, often weighing over 100 pounds and under the age of five.	american tv talk show maury hosted by maury povich sometimes airs entire episodes with morbidly obese toddlers, often weighing over 100 pounds and under the age of five.
there are currently only two such countries:	there are currently two such countries:
two other homeless people were also attacked in the same incident, but fortunately escaped.	two other homeless people were also attacked in the same incident, but escaped.
peter sadler ironically sparked controversy by blaming his company's failure on cheap foreign imports.	peter sadler sparked controversy by blaming his company's failure on cheap foreign imports.
"kevin b. macdonald, known for his pseudoscientific theory of judaism as a ""group evolutionary strategy"", has also been accused by the adl and his own university psychology department of being antisemitic and white supremacist in his writings on the subject."	"kevin b. macdonald, known for his theory of judaism as a ""group evolutionary strategy"", has also been accused by the adl and his own university psychology department of being antisemitic and white supremacist in his writings on the subject."
"melvin sokolsky, a fashion photographer who has created iconic images for harpers bazaar and vogue, considered edgar de evia one of his earliest influences, saying, ""i discovered that edgar was paid $4,000 for a jell-o ad, and the idea of escaping from my tenement dwelling became an incredible dream and inspiration."""	"melvin sokolsky, a fashion photographer who has created images for harpers bazaar and vogue, considered edgar de evia one of his earliest influences, saying, ""i discovered that edgar was paid $4,000 for a jell-o ad, and the idea of escaping from my tenement dwelling became an incredible dream and inspiration."""
the open organization of lockpickers or toool is a unique group of people based in the netherlands who partake in the hobby of picking locks.	the open organization of lockpickers or toool is a group of people based in the netherlands who partake in the hobby of picking locks.
chloethiel woodard smith (february 2, 1910 – december 30, 1992) was an influential american modernist architect and urban planner whose career was centered in washington, d.c.	chloethiel woodard smith (february 2, 1910 – december 30, 1992) was an american modernist architect and urban planner whose career was centered in washington, d.c.
ever since queen elizabeth ii of england visited insadong in april 1999 and praised its beautiful artwork, many tourists have sought out the area.	ever since queen elizabeth ii of the united kingdom visited insadong in april 1999 and praised its beautiful artwork, many tourists have sought out the area.
a superb 25-yard screamer against halifax town, a goal worthy of winning any game, but was only a consolation in a 2-1 defeat and a powerful and determined run through the heart of the stoke city defence, laying off a perfect pass for nathan jackson to slot into the empty net for the opening goal of the replay, unfortunately tamworth lost the game on penalties after drawing 1-1 in normal time.	a superb 25-yard screamer against halifax town, a goal worthy of winning any game, but was only a consolation in a 2-1 defeat and a powerful and determined run through the heart of the stoke city defence, laying off a perfect pass for nathan jackson to slot into the empty net for the opening goal of the replay, however, tamworth lost the game on penalties after drawing 1-1 in normal time.
speculative ideas about his true nature range from simply a wise elven hermit to an angelic being (a maia or vala), to god , who is called eru ilvatar in tolkien's legendarium.	speculative ideas about his true nature range from simply a wise elven hermit to an angelic being (a maia or vala), to the creator , who is called eru ilvatar in tolkien's legendarium.
however, many koreans were enraged when roh called dokdo by the japanese name takeshima when he responded to a question by a japanese in a tv program broadcasted in japan during his first visit to the neighboring country in 2003, and his visit to the japanese emperor was scheduled on a date that coincided with korean memorial day.	however, many koreans were enraged when roh called liancourt rocks by the japanese name takeshima when he responded to a question by a japanese in a tv program broadcasted in japan during his first visit to the neighboring country in 2003, and his visit to the japanese emperor was scheduled on a date that coincided with korean memorial day.
jennifer saunders actress and comedienne , attended county high school leftwich (then northwich girls' grammar school) in northwich as a child.	jennifer saunders actress and comedian , attended county high school leftwich (then northwich girls' grammar school) in northwich as a child.
"the common name "" aghed ,"" usually translated as ""catastrophe,"" was, according to beledian, the term most often used to name the catastrophe of 1915 in armenian literature."	"the name "" aghed ,"" usually translated as ""catastrophe,"" was, according to beledian, the term most often used to name the catastrophe of 1915 in armenian literature."
"this attractive monkey is sometimes called the ""costumed ape"" for its extravagant appearance."	"this monkey is sometimes called the ""costumed ape"" for its extravagant appearance."
}}- fringe theory on deaths supposedly related to the incident	}}- alternative theory on deaths supposedly related to the incident
robespierre is featured in the great play danton's death, written by german playwright georg buchner.	robespierre is featured in the play danton's death, written by german playwright georg buchner.
gwen conliffe (emily blunt), ben's fianc, has contacted his brother, lawrence talbot (benicio del toro), the world- renowned shakespearean actor, saying that ben disappeared a month ago.	gwen conliffe (emily blunt), ben's fianc, has contacted his brother, lawrence talbot (benicio del toro), the renowned shakespearean actor, saying that ben disappeared a month ago.
gurmeet ram rahim singh insan is an indian preacher, spiritual leader, and actor.	gurmeet ram rahim singh is an indian preacher, spiritual leader, and actor.
anne meara (19292015), comedienne and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller	anne meara (19292015), comedian and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller
this was a source of political instability in the young republic with frequent changes in government until the rise of the autocratic new order.	this was a source of political instability in the young republic with frequent changes in government until the rise of the new order.
the release was limited to just 500 physical copies worldwide.	the release was limited to 500 physical copies worldwide.
the australian christian lobby (acl), is a pseudo- christian political lobby group based in canberra, australia.	the australian christian lobby (acl), is a christian political lobby group based in canberra, australia.
at least two mexicans have been killed and seven wounded by vigilante gangs patrolling the arid badlands of arizona's cochise county to enforce border security and round up migrants.	at least two mexicans have been killed and seven wounded by vigilante ranchers patrolling the arid badlands of arizona's cochise county to enforce border security and round up migrants.
vanunu was later lured by mossad from london to rome, apprehended , returned to israel, and sentenced to 18 years in jail.	vanunu was later lured by mossad from london to rome, kidnapped , returned to israel, and sentenced to 18 years in jail.
water from a fire sprinkler system explosion in 2007	water from a fire sprinkler system failure in 2007
some of the more extreme sects in this regard are, foremost, the followers of lubavitch, then a host of others like karlin-stolin, ger, belz and skver.	some of the more fervent sects in this regard are, foremost, the followers of lubavitch, then a host of others like karlin-stolin, ger, belz and skver.
the new york times is an internationally renowned daily newspaper published in new york city and distributed in the united states and many other nations worldwide.	the new york times is an internationally known daily newspaper published in new york city and distributed in the united states and many other nations worldwide.
the most important use of the civilian titan ii was in the nasa gemini program of manned space capsules in the mid-1960s.	the most famous use of the civilian titan ii was in the nasa gemini program of manned space capsules in the mid-1960s.
"the false memoir of forrest ""little tree"" carter begins in the late 1930s as the protagonist is given over into the care of his cherokee grandparents, at the age of five years."	"the fictional memoir of forrest ""little tree"" carter begins in the late 1930s as the protagonist is given over into the care of his cherokee grandparents, at the age of five years."
the court order sadly prohibited phil luderman, mark lundquist, rohan delano turney, peter lamar, patrick alan or victor bynoe from using the drifters name.	the court order prohibited phil luderman, mark lundquist, rohan delano turney, peter lamar, patrick alan or victor bynoe from using the drifters name.
over the time of this law, congress slightly increased federal funding of education, from $42.2 billion in 2001 to $54.4 billion in 2007. this amounts to an increase of a little more than 5% when adjusted for inflation.	over the time of this law, congress increased federal funding of education, from $42.2 billion in 2001 to $54.4 billion in 2007. this amounts to an increase of a little more than 5% when adjusted for inflation.
the israeli army occupied the heights and placed it under military administration from 1967 until 1981, when the knesset annexed the land with the golan heights law.	the israeli army conquered the heights and placed it under military administration from 1967 until 1981, when the knesset annexed the land with the golan heights law.
lugar faced minor opposition from democrat david johnson.	lugar faced opposition from democrat david johnson.
after graduation, dodds spent two years in broadway and off broadway productions, before being spotted by british comedian ben elton, and came to london in 1997 to play a bunny girl in elton's play popcorn.	after graduation, dodds spent two years in broadway and off broadway productions, before being spotted by british comedian ben elton, and moved to london in 1997 to play a bunny girl in elton's play popcorn.
"johnson cultivates an image as an eccentric, self deprecating, straw-haired fop, disorganised and scatty (he once explained the lateness of his work by claiming that, ""dark forces dragged me away from the keyboard, swirling forces of irresistible intensity and power"")."	"johnson has an image as an eccentric, self deprecating, straw-haired fop, disorganised and scatty (he once explained the lateness of his work by claiming that, ""dark forces dragged me away from the keyboard, swirling forces of irresistible intensity and power"")."
"due to the unexpected sucsess of the ""buck rogers"" single, the band upgraded two of the dates of their uk tour to bigger venues at norwich and manchester."	"due to the sucsess of the ""buck rogers"" single, the band upgraded two of the dates of their uk tour to bigger venues at norwich and manchester."
the outcome could not have contrasted more sharply with the 1241 invasion, mostly due to the reforms of bla iv, which included advances in military tactics and, most importantly, the widespread building of stone castles, both in response to the appalling defeat of the hungarian kingdom in 1241.	the outcome could not have contrasted more sharply with the 1241 invasion, mostly due to the reforms of bla iv, which included advances in military tactics and, most importantly, the widespread building of stone castles, both in response to the crushing defeat of the hungarian kingdom in 1241.
this is a minor point, however; as gm was the most prominent of the companies and engaged in similar behavior before the actual conspiracy, the name fits.	this is a minor point, however; as gm was the most prominent of the companies and engaged in similar behavior before the alleged conspiracy, the name fits.
"nixon, angered at what he perceived as a violation of the ""agreement"" with hanoi after the cessation of the bombing of north vietnam, finally authorized the covert air campaign."	"nixon, angered at what he perceived as a violation of the ""agreement"" with hanoi after the cessation of the bombing of north vietnam, authorized the covert air campaign."
rachel hunter (born 8 september 1969) is a new zealander supermodel , actress and the host of imagination television's rachel's tour of beauty.	rachel hunter (born 8 september 1969) is a new zealander model , actress and the host of imagination television's rachel's tour of beauty.
"the hermetic order of the golden dawn (or ""golden dawn"", as it and its true successor organizations, stella matutina and alpha et omega, are commonly referred to) is a tradition of magical theurgy and spiritual development."	"the hermetic order of the golden dawn (or ""golden dawn"", as it and its early successor organizations, stella matutina and alpha et omega, are commonly referred to) is a tradition of magical theurgy and spiritual development."
some experts assert the primary cause of rape is an aggressive desire to dominate the victim rather than an attempt to achieve sexual fulfillment.	some groups assert the primary cause of rape is an aggressive desire to dominate the victim rather than an attempt to achieve sexual fulfillment.
in the united states, opinion is very strongly divided, between those who oppose restrictions on gun ownership , and those who favor reasonable restrictions.	in the united states, opinion is very strongly divided, between those who oppose restrictions on gun ownership , and those who favor greater restrictions.
neutral milk hotel was born after the end of synthetic flying machine, with an original line-up of will cullen hart and bill doss on guitar and bass and jeff mangum on drums.	neutral milk hotel was born after the end of synthetic flying machine, with an original line-up of will cullen hart and bill doss on guitar and bass and jeff magnum on drums.
diana morgan (born september 21, 1952 in chicago, illinois) was a wildly popular television news personality in hampton roads, virginia.	diana morgan (born september 21, 1952 in chicago, illinois) was a popular television news personality in hampton roads, virginia.
adriana lima (born june 12 1981) is a brazilian supermodel known for her work with victoria's secret lingerie giant and maybelline cosmetics.	adriana lima (born june 12 1981) is a brazilian model known for her work with victoria's secret lingerie giant and maybelline cosmetics.
paul ended the season leading the nba with 11.6 assists and 2.7 steals per game, and amazingly registered a steal in all 80 games he played in.	paul ended the season leading the nba with 11.6 assists and 2.7 steals per game, and registered a steal in all 80 games he played in.
after the death of elhanan's 13 year-old daughter in 1997, she became a outspoken critic of the israeli control of the west bank and gaza.	after the death of elhanan's 13 year-old daughter in 1997, she became a outspoken critic of the israeli occupation of the west bank and gaza.
type: unknown , probably: supplementary	type: no rank , probably: supplementary
characteristically, bradford proudly juxtaposed scholarly, intellectual of writing from philosophers such as loren lomasky and jan narveson and economists such as mark skousen, doug casey, leland yeager and david friedman with work by virtually unknown, young, and unprofessional writers.	characteristically, bradford juxtaposed scholarly, intellectual of writing from philosophers such as loren lomasky and jan narveson and economists such as mark skousen, doug casey, leland yeager and david friedman with work by virtually unknown, young, and unprofessional writers.
"the word ban entered english from croatian ban ""lord, master, ruler"", itself presumably from persian ban ""prince, lord, chief, governor"", related to sanskrit pati ""guards, protects""."	"the word ban entered english from serbo-croat ban ""lord, master, ruler"", itself presumably from persian ban ""prince, lord, chief, governor"", related to sanskrit pati ""guards, protects""."
as a young man, ariel served in the paratroopers brigade unit that liberated the western wall (kotel) in the six-day war.	as a young man, ariel served in the paratroopers brigade unit that captured the western wall (kotel) in the six-day war.
mccoy supposedly shot at the fbi agents, and agent nicholas o'hara reportedly fired back with a shotgun, killing him.	mccoy allegedly shot at the fbi agents, and agent nicholas o'hara reportedly fired back with a shotgun, killing him.
joran van der sloot, convicted killer	joran van der sloot, convicted of murder
in response to macarthur's vote to pass the ahca, which would partially repeal and replace obamacare, there were protests in his district, and difficult town halls with constituents badgering macarthur about his vote.	in response to macarthur's vote to pass the ahca, which would partially repeal and replace obamacare, there were protests in his district, and difficult town halls with constituents questioning macarthur about his vote.
of the forty-four diocesan archbishops and bishops in the church of england, only twenty-six are permitted to sit in the house of lords.	of the forty-four diocesan archbishops and bishops in the church of england, twenty-six are permitted to sit in the house of lords.
neither of them spoke to the press about their encounter, but hours later the actor visited the publicly funded movie studio, cinema villa.	neither of them spoke to the press about their encounter, but hours later the actor visited the government-controlled funded movie studio, cinema villa.
was a right-wing political leader in early 20th century japan and founder of the genyosha nationalist secret society.	was a nationalist political leader in early 20th century japan and founder of the genyosha nationalist secret society.
same youth conversing with suitorsanother illustration from the haft awrang	same youth conversing with suitors another illustration from the haft awrang
current scientific evidence shows that exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke may cause premature death, disease and disability.	current scientific evidence shows that exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke may promote premature death, disease and disability.
"even before he wrote his anti- semitic pamphlet, he got jews expelled from saxony in 1537, and in the 1540s he drove them from many german towns; he tried unsuccessfully to get the elector to expel them from brandenburg in 1543."""	"even before he wrote his anti- jewish pamphlet, he got jews expelled from saxony in 1537, and in the 1540s he drove them from many german towns; he tried unsuccessfully to get the elector to expel them from brandenburg in 1543."""
he is famous for dying when his bullet catch trick went terribly wrong.	he is famous for dying when his bullet catch trick went wrong.
london had astutely decided that the channel islands would be little more than a drain of resources for the germans.	london had decided that the channel islands would be little more than a drain of resources for the germans.
mauritz made his debut for west germany in 20 may 1959 friendly match against poland, at just 34 years of age.	mauritz made his debut for west germany in 20 may 1959 friendly match against poland, at 34 years of age.
on january 16, 2004, the city settled with 157 individuals arrested outside of the so-called no-protest zone during the wto events, agreeing to pay them a total of $250,000.	on january 16, 2004, the city settled with 157 individuals arrested outside of the no-protest zone during the wto events, agreeing to pay them a total of $250,000.
while traveling he wrote a vaudeville sketch for two characters, his long-lost child, which he and a comedienne from the closed show performed in, until his partner asked that he replace himself.	while traveling he wrote a vaudeville sketch for two characters, his long-lost child, which he and a comedian from the closed show performed in, until his partner asked that he replace himself.
magneto, now an ordinary man, sits at a chessboard in a park and hopefully reaches out toward a metal chess piece.	magneto, now an ordinary man, sits at a chessboard in a park and reaches out toward a metal chess piece.
it currently holds a score of 8.7 in the internet movie database's ratings among 44,500 plus viewers and growing, with an impressive overall rank of #21.	it currently holds a score of 8.7 in the internet movie database's ratings among 44,500 plus viewers and growing, with an overall rank of #21.
cabrini was part of the legendary 1982 world cup-winning team that included goalkeeper dino zoff, gaetano scirea, giuseppe bergomi, claudio gentile in defense, marco tardelli and bruno conti in midfield, and cabrini's juventus team mate paolo rossi in attack.	cabrini was part of the 1982 world cup-winning team that included goalkeeper dino zoff, gaetano scirea, giuseppe bergomi, claudio gentile in defense, marco tardelli and bruno conti in midfield, and cabrini's juventus team mate paolo rossi in attack.
the screenplay for this 1997 film version of nabokov's novel is credited to stephen schiff, a writer for the new yorker, vanity fair, and other magazines, who was brought in to write it as his first movie script, after the film's producers had rejected previous screenplays that they had commissioned by far more-experienced screenwriters and directors james dearden (fatal attraction), harold pinter, and david mamet.	the screenplay for this 1997 film version of nabokov's novel is credited to stephen schiff, a writer for the new yorker, vanity fair, and other magazines, who was brought in to write it as his first movie script, after the film's producers had rejected previous screenplays that they had commissioned by more-experienced screenwriters and directors james dearden (fatal attraction), harold pinter, and david mamet.
a 1954 attempt by unarmed protesters to storm goa and liberate it was brutally suppressed by the portuguese.	a 1954 attempt by unarmed protesters to storm goa and liberate it was suppressed by the portuguese.
"it is the highest first-week tally for a female, beating britney spears's ""hold it against me,"" which sold 411,000 in its debut week one month earlier."	"it is the highest first-week tally for a female, surpassing britney spears's ""hold it against me,"" which sold 411,000 in its debut week one month earlier."
he is deputy leader of the new zealand labour party, currently the dominant party in parliament.	he is deputy leader of the new zealand labour party, currently the largest party in parliament.
james durbin (born january 6, 1989) is an american heavy metal singer and guitar player from santa cruz, california, who on may 12, 2011, was suprisingly eliminated and finished in fourth place on the tenth season of american idol.	james durbin (born january 6, 1989) is an american heavy metal singer and guitar player from santa cruz, california, who on may 12, 2011, was eliminated and finished in fourth place on the tenth season of american idol.
jeoffrey benward (born january 10, 1952) is an american well-known contemporary christian music singer and songwriter.	jeoffrey benward (born january 10, 1952) is an american contemporary christian music singer and songwriter.
in may 2017 the under-16 side battled hard to reach the final of the under-16s cup, they sadly lost 2-0 to a dominant ayre united side.	in may 2017 the under-16 side battled hard to reach the final of the under-16s cup, they lost 2-0 to a dominant ayre united side.
part 1 includes the fading in of an organ like keyboard sound, and a great harmonized solo by david gilmour on a stratocaster with mid level distortion (about 7 on an amplifier for those wishing to play it).	part 1 includes the fading in of an organ like keyboard sound, and a harmonized solo by david gilmour on a stratocaster with mid level distortion (about 7 on an amplifier for those wishing to play it).
depending on how important these differences are considered, it would be reasonable to state either that the chinese magnetic needle was copied elsewhere around the world, or that an european independent invention may be more likely.	depending on how important these differences are considered, it would be reasonable to state either that the chinese magnetic needle was copied elsewhere around the world, or that an european independent invention may be likely.
the circumstances, nature, evaluation, and scope of the deir yassin murdering remain a source of discussion decades later.	the circumstances, nature, evaluation, and scope of the deir yassin incident remain a source of discussion decades later.
bush asserted the hijackers were going to use shoe bombs to breach the plane's cockpit door, however numerous counter-terrorism experts have expressed doubt that the plot was ever fully developed or likely to occur.	bush asserted the hijackers were going to use shoe bombs to breach the plane's cockpit door, however some counter-terrorism experts have expressed doubt that the plot was ever fully developed or likely to occur.
of these, only 2% are from ethnic minority groups.	of these, 2% are from ethnic minority groups.
according to the author stewart lamont, hubbard defined r2-45 as a process by which exteriorization could be produced by shooting a person in the head with a .45 revolver .	according to the author stewart lamont, hubbard defined r2-45 as a process by which exteriorization could be produced by shooting a person in the head with a .45 pistol .
non-sectarian muslims who reject the authority of hadith, known as quranists, quraniyoon, or ahl al-quran, are also present in malaysia.	muslims who reject the authority of hadith, known as quranists, quraniyoon, or ahl al-quran, are also present in malaysia.
julie brown (born 1958), actress/ comedienne /producer/singer/writer	julie brown (born 1958), actress/ comedian /producer/singer/writer
the museum also contains a collection of fascinating intricate glass models of invertebrates by leopold and rudolf blaschka and a two headed tortoise named janus	the museum also contains a collection of intricate glass models of invertebrates by leopold and rudolf blaschka and a two headed tortoise named janus
kosovo ( or kosov, , kosovo) is a disputed territory in southeastern europe.	kosovo ( or kosov, , kosovo) is a disputed region in southeastern europe.
paterson and the others were taking part in acts of civil disobedience to protest the shooting death of amadou diallo, an unarmed african immigrant brutally shot by four white police officers.	paterson and the others were taking part in acts of civil disobedience to protest the shooting death of amadou diallo, an unarmed african immigrant who was shot by four white police officers.
the huge and hideous , horned warthog-like rill explains that they have offered to take the drahvins away with them but maaga has refused, preferring to maintain the state of war she began when the drahvins shot down the rill craft.	the huge and impressive , horned warthog-like rill explains that they have offered to take the drahvins away with them but maaga has refused, preferring to maintain the state of war she began when the drahvins shot down the rill craft.
in 2004, peshmerga forces captured al-qaeda key figure hassan ghul, who revealed the identity of osama bin laden's messenger, which eventually led to operation neptune spear and the assassination of osama bin laden.	in 2004, peshmerga forces captured al-qaeda key figure hassan ghul, who revealed the identity of osama bin laden's messenger, which eventually led to operation neptune spear and the death of osama bin laden.
out of high school, barbara began to raise her strong voice regularly at demonstrations for racial equality and economic justice.	out of high school, barbara began to raise her voice regularly at demonstrations for racial equality and economic justice.
, also spelled maccha, is a fine, powdered green tea used particularly in japanese tea ceremony, as well as to dye and flavour foods such as mochi and soba noodles, green tea ice cream and a variety of wagashi (japanese confectionery).	, occasionally spelled maccha, is a fine, powdered green tea used particularly in japanese tea ceremony, as well as to dye and flavour foods such as mochi and soba noodles, green tea ice cream and a variety of wagashi (japanese confectionery).
"there is now a lively debate in the uk over whether explicit multiculturalism and ""social cohesion and inclusion"" are in fact mutually exclusive."	"there is now a debate in the uk over whether explicit multiculturalism and ""social cohesion and inclusion"" are in fact mutually exclusive."
though solzhenitsyn says he conceived the idea in 1938 and gathered notes for part 1, august 1914 (which is about the disastrous opening of world war i from a russian perspective) in the weeks when he led a red army unit into eastern prussia, the location of much of that part, in 1945, it was only in early 1969 that he actually sat down to write this great historical novel.	though solzhenitsyn says he conceived the idea in 1938 and gathered notes for part 1, august 1914 (which is about the disastrous opening of world war i from a russian perspective) in the weeks when he led a red army unit into eastern prussia, the location of much of that part, in 1945, it was only in early 1969 that he actually sat down to write this historical novel.
the easiest way to relieve the symptoms of blue balls is through an earth-shattering orgasm .	the easiest way to relieve the symptoms of blue balls is through an orgasm .
the huffington post is a controversial american news website and content aggregating blog founded by arianna huffington, kenneth lerer, and jonah peretti, featuring various news sources and progressive minded columnists.	the huffington post is a american news website and content aggregating blog founded by arianna huffington, kenneth lerer, and jonah peretti, featuring various news sources and progressive minded columnists.
an interesting statue in kensico cemetery	an statue in kensico cemetery
the demographics of sexual orientation, or gender identity, in the united states have changed positively since the stonewall riots in 1969, which marked the modern lgbt rights movement.	the demographics of sexual orientation, or gender identity, in the united states have changed since the stonewall riots in 1969, which marked the modern lgbt rights movement.
every year, a pow-wow is held, which offers fine examples of wampanoag activities and crafts.	every year, a pow-wow is held, which offers examples of wampanoag activities and crafts.
badd effectively ceased to exist when pulling thankfully died of cancer in 1997.	badd effectively ceased to exist when pulling died of cancer in 1997.
a dentifrice is a paste, liquid or powder used to help maintain good oral hygiene.	a dentifrice is a paste, liquid or powder used to help maintain acceptable oral hygiene.
the top of the hill is 257 m high and offers a breathtaking panorama towards buda castle, gellrt hill and the districts of buda.	the top of the hill is 257 m high and offers a scenic panorama towards buda castle, gellrt hill and the districts of buda.
it is part of a fascinating history and many more are buried in the church yard than there are gravestones for - some graves marked with just one name actually contain up to four people, since people have been buried there for hundreds and hundreds of years, grave stones only being introduced recently.	it is part of a long history and many more are buried in the church yard than there are gravestones for - some graves marked with just one name actually contain up to four people, since people have been buried there for hundreds and hundreds of years, grave stones only being introduced recently.
these declined with their french counterparts, and did not survive the brutal anticolonial struggle.	these declined with their french counterparts, and did not survive the anticolonial struggle.
mahathir is regarded by many, especially in the west, as an radically anti-semite.	mahathir is regarded by many, especially in the west, as an anti-semite.
the original site was a neutral indian village known as onghiara.	the original site was a neutral nation village known as onghiara.
"working with allegheny county, kappa properties, and giant eagle this corporation undertook a bold development plan to demolished and rebuild this primary business district, eventually creating what became known as ""brentwood towne center""."	"working with allegheny county, kappa properties, and giant eagle this corporation undertook a development plan to demolished and rebuild this primary business district, eventually creating what became known as ""brentwood towne center""."
he enjoys science fiction and is a devout fan of celtic football club.	he enjoys science fiction and is a fan of celtic football club.
he would go on to direct only five more films after destination moon before his death in 1954.	he would go on to direct five more films after destination moon before his death in 1954.
is a large 1961 oil on canvas painting by roy lichtenstein.	is a 1961 oil on canvas painting by roy lichtenstein.
conservative attitudes around sex and sexuality remain prevalent in ethiopia, with many ethiopians holding that homosexuality is simply a choice and not innate.	traditional attitudes around sex and sexuality remain prevalent in ethiopia, with many ethiopians holding that homosexuality is simply a choice and not innate.
in her 2004 u.s. open quarterfinal match against jennifer capriati, an overrule was made by chair umpire mariana alves in capriati's favor, even though later video review showed this to be clearly in error.	in her 2004 u.s. open quarterfinal match against jennifer capriati, an overrule was made by chair umpire mariana alves in capriati's favor, even though later video review showed this to be in error.
the united states military budget is larger than the military budgets of the next twenty biggest spenders combined, and six times larger than china's, which places second (it should be noted that it is widely believed that china greatly understates its actual military expenditures).	the united states military budget is larger than the military budgets of the next twenty biggest spenders combined, and six times larger than china's, which places second (it should be noted that it is widely believed that china understates its actual military expenditures).
he is best known for his role as niklaus mikaelson in the cw's hit show the vampire diaries and its spin-off the originals.	he is best known for his role as niklaus mikaelson in the cw's show the vampire diaries and its spin-off the originals.
notable appearances of the song	other appearances of the song
legendary hearts is a 1983 album by rock and roll legend lou reed.	legendary hearts is a 1983 album by rock and roll musician lou reed.
the experience provoked intense debate about the relative risks and benefits of a rotavirus vaccine.	the experience provoked debate about the relative risks and benefits of a rotavirus vaccine.
"charles ""charlie"" cotton is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by christopher hancock."	"charles ""charlie"" cotton is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by christopher hancock."
the story featured him modeling a broad range of masculine, feminine and androgynous styles.	the story featured miller modeling a broad range of masculine, feminine and androgynous styles.
the war memorial organ was designed based on plans drawn by the church's organist lieutenant harold organ frco in 1915. organ was tragically killed in action in 1917 but the plans were continued by cyril church.	the war memorial organ was designed based on plans drawn by the church's organist lieutenant harold organ frco in 1915. organ was killed in action in 1917 but the plans were continued by cyril church.
annette crosbie, obe (born 12 february 1934) is a scottish character actress .	annette crosbie, obe (born 12 february 1934) is a scottish character actor .
after the fall of the berlin wall in 1989, and german reunification in the following year, most reminders of the old socialist regime were swept away as former citizens of the german democratic republic rushed to embrace their newfound political and economic westernness.	after the fall of the berlin wall in 1989, and german reunification in the following year, most reminders of the old stalinist regime were swept away as former citizens of the german democratic republic rushed to embrace their newfound political and economic westernness.
thumbnail|the decss code can be used by a computer to circumvent a dvd's copy -protection .	thumbnail|the decss code can be used by a computer to circumvent a dvd's copy prevention .
it is feared that the film will lead to violent extremist muslim mob protest such as previous protests against the jyllands-posten mohammed cartoons that were displayed in the danish newspaper 'jyllands-posten' in 2005.	it is feared that the film will lead to violent extremist muslim protest such as previous protests against the jyllands-posten mohammed cartoons that were displayed in the danish newspaper 'jyllands-posten' in 2005.
it is often used as a stealth justification for flying the confederate national flag.	it is often used as a justification for flying the confederate national flag.
miguel ngel blanco garrido (13 may 1968 13 july 1997) was a local spanish politician for the people's party, who was kidnapped and subsequently executed by the basque terrorist group eta.	miguel ngel blanco garrido (13 may 1968 13 july 1997) was a local spanish politician for the people's party, who was kidnapped and subsequently executed by the basque separatist group eta.
starforce has received massive criticism for installing its own device driver onto computers.	starforce has received criticism for installing its own device driver onto computers.
therefore one might well expect to find more documented abuses in the us than in one that has more actual abuses but does not publicly review them.	therefore one might well expect to find more documented abuses in the us than in acountry that has more actual abuses but does not publicly review them.
the scofflaw is the 99th episode of the hit nbc sitcom seinfeld.	the scofflaw is the 99th episode of the nbc sitcom seinfeld.
it is widely believed that khalistan was a plan conceived by some delusional individuals who were totally out of touch with the ground realities and with the close knit associations - either socially, cuturally or by marriages between sikhs and hindus in india.	it is widely believed that khalistan was a plan conceived by some individuals who were totally out of touch with the ground realities and with the close knit associations - either socially, cuturally or by marriages between sikhs and hindus in india.
"an organisation called "" zdruzenie na zachranu povazskeho hradu "" was established in 2008 to protect our heritage from being destroyed."	"an organisation called "" zdruzenie na zachranu povazskeho hradu "" was established in 2008 to protect the county's heritage from being destroyed."
while in jail awaiting trial for treason charges, church president joseph smith was martyred by an armed mob of vigilantes in 1844. several claimants to his role as church president emerged during the succession crisis that ensued.	while in jail awaiting trial for treason charges, church president joseph smith was killed by an armed mob of vigilantes in 1844. several claimants to his role as church president emerged during the succession crisis that ensued.
the indycar series is the premiere open wheel racing series sanctioned by the indy racing league, and is currently the principal context in which the trademark indycar has been used since 2003. brickyard trademarks, inc., a subsidiary of indianapolis motor speedway corporation, is the current owner of the indycar trademark and licenses that mark to the indy racing league for use in connection with the indycar series.	the indycar series is the most prominent open wheel racing series sanctioned by the indy racing league, and is currently the principal context in which the trademark indycar has been used since 2003. brickyard trademarks, inc., a subsidiary of indianapolis motor speedway corporation, is the current owner of the indycar trademark and licenses that mark to the indy racing league for use in connection with the indycar series.
the main idol is a black stone statue carved from a single block of black basalt.	the main murti is a black stone statue carved from a single block of black basalt.
some liberal groups and individuals have questioned limbaugh's accuracy.	some groups and individuals have questioned limbaugh's accuracy.
the three-finger salute (serbian: pca or tri prsta) is a serb nationalist salute with the thumb, index, and middle fingers open.	the three-finger salute (serbian: pca or tri prsta) is a serb salute with the thumb, index, and middle fingers open.
note that he proposed this complicated variant while he was world champion, not as sour grapes after losing his title, as some critics asserted.	note that he proposed this variant while he was world champion, not as sour grapes after losing his title, as some critics asserted.
the dish is named after the small key limes (citrus aurantifolia 'swingle') that are naturalized throughout the florida keys.	the dish is named after the small key limes (citrus aurantifolia 'swingle') that are neutralised throughout the florida keys.
"stanley ""stan"" porter is a fictional character in a special episode of the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sam kelly in the episode, eastenders: pat and mo, but played by callum dixon in flashbacks within the episode."	"stanley ""stan"" porter is a fictional character in a special episode of the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sam kelly in the episode, eastenders: pat and mo, but played by callum dixon in flashbacks within the episode."
lombards abandoned the country and the avars (second half of the 6th century), dominating the region for 230 years, until their kingdom was destroyed by charlemagne in 791. at the same time slavic people arrived peacefully .	lombards abandoned the country and the avars (second half of the 6th century), dominating the region for 230 years, until their kingdom was destroyed by charlemagne in 791. at the same time slavic people arrived.
in 1973. an ethnic pashtun , he is fluent in dari, pashto, french, english, and italian and has a working knowledge of arabic.	in 1973. an ethnic tajik , he is fluent in dari, pashto, french, english, and italian and has a working knowledge of arabic.
gia is a 1998 film about 80s supermodel gia marie carangi.	gia is a 1998 film about 80s model gia marie carangi.
josh voorhees, writing in slate.com, reported that in 2013 congressman peter king (r-ny) suggested greenwald should be arrested for his reporting on the nsa prism program and nsa whistleblower edward snowden.	josh voorhees, writing in slate.com, reported that in 2013 congressman peter king (r-ny) suggested greenwald should be arrested for his reporting on the nsa prism program and nsa leaker edward snowden.
other people have adopted and embellished goodwin's ludicrous ideas.	other people have adopted and embellished goodwin's ideas.
in 2007, yale university press acquired the anchor bible series, a prestigious collection of more than 115 volumes of biblical scholarship, from the doubleday publishing group.	in 2007, yale university press acquired the anchor bible series, a collection of more than 115 volumes of biblical scholarship, from the doubleday publishing group.
the door then creaked and slammed shut, followed by the woodwinds of the show's haunting theme music.	the door then creaked and slammed shut, followed by the woodwinds of the show's eerie, atonal theme music.
ragnar benson is the pen name of a prolific non-fiction survivalist author that specializes in preparedness topics, particularly survival retreats, trapping, austere medicine, false identification, explosives, firearms, and improvised weapons.	ragnar benson is the pen name of a non-fiction survivalist author that specializes in preparedness topics, particularly survival retreats, trapping, austere medicine, false identification, explosives, firearms, and improvised weapons.
gun control advocates also point to a national poll conducted by mayors against illegal guns that shows that 87% of americans—and 83% of gun owners—want the loophole closed.	gun violence prevention advocates also point to a national poll conducted by mayors against illegal guns that shows that 87% of americans—and 83% of gun owners—want the loophole closed.
"in total some 30,000 red army personnel were murdered , while more were shipped to siberia and were replaced with officers deemed more ""politically reliable."""	"in total some 30,000 red army personnel were executed , while more were shipped to siberia and were replaced with officers deemed more ""politically reliable."""
byron disrael lima estrada had been trained in the united states at the infamous school of americas.	byron disrael lima estrada had been trained in the united states at the school of americas.
muhammad besought the love of the muslims on his beloved grandsons, thus their descendants have become spiritual aristocracy among the muslims.	muhammad besought the love of the muslims on his grandsons, thus their descendants have become spiritual aristocracy among the muslims.
darwin's black box : the biochemical challenge to evolution is a controversial 1996 book by michael j. behe.	darwin's black box : the biochemical challenge to evolution is a 1996 book by michael j. behe.
"the manifesto page on his personal web site could be accessed by entering the date of the incident in either of the input fields on the ""liveordie.htm"" page on his site."	"the blog page on his personal web site could be accessed by entering the date of the incident in either of the input fields on the ""liveordie.htm"" page on his site."
his brilliant bravery at the battle of montlhéry (july 16, 1465), where he was wounded and was left master of the field, neither prevented the king from re-entering paris nor assured charles a decisive victory.	his bravery at the battle of montlhéry (july 16, 1465), where he was wounded and was left master of the field, neither prevented the king from re-entering paris nor assured charles a decisive victory.
hoffa undoubtedly made sweetheart deals with mob figures, but mob control over the union was exaggerated by the kennedys and life magazine.	hoffa allegedly made sweetheart deals with mob figures, but mob control over the union was exaggerated by the kennedys and life magazine.
he is a well-known conductor and has set up many musical events, not the least of which are the hugely successful eton choral courses of which there are now six a year.	he is a british conductor and has set up many musical events, not the least of which are the hugely successful eton choral courses of which there are now six a year.
protesters demanded the resignation of president bashar al-assad, as well as the end to nearly five decades of secular ba'ath party rule.	protesters demanded the resignation of president bashar al-assad, as well as the end to nearly five decades of ba'ath party rule.
public ivy is a controversial term used to imply a public university in the united states has a level of prestige comparable to those of the private ivy league universities1.	public ivy is a term used to imply a public university in the united states has a level of prestige comparable to those of the private ivy league universities1.
the smiley morning show is morning radio program on radio station wzpl (99.5 fm - an entercom communications station) in indianapolis, indiana.	the smiley morning show is morning radio program on radio station wzpl (99.5 fm - an entercom communications station) broadcasting from indianapolis, indiana.
the voodoo then suffered a shocking collapse, losing six of their last seven games, and missed the arena football playoffs for the third consecutive season, finishing 8-8. speculation ensued about mike neu's job as head coach, as the voodoo suffered four second-half-of-the-season collapses in their four years as a franchise, but early indications were that he would continue to be the coach in 2009.	the voodoo then suffered a collapse, losing six of their last seven games, and missed the arena football playoffs for the third consecutive season, finishing 8-8. speculation ensued about mike neu's job as head coach, as the voodoo suffered four second-half-of-the-season collapses in their four years as a franchise, but early indications were that he would continue to be the coach in 2009.
religious terrorism has also been used in the struggle for the envisioned sikh state.	religious terrorism has been used in the struggle for the envisioned sikh state.
it was originally felt that this was the best chance the book had of success due to the resurgence of the novel watership down then out on film - which 'the animals of farthing wood' had been unfairly accused of copying.	it was originally felt that this was the best chance the book had of success due to the resurgence of the novel watership down then out on film - which 'the animals of farthing wood' had been accused of copying.
"despite its natural beauty , kot kapura, like many other small towns in india, is going through ""modernization"" as never before."	"despite its natural environment , kot kapura, like many other small towns in india, is going through ""modernization"" as never before."
sandvine has more than 80 customers in over 30 countries, deployed in networks representing millions of victims .	sandvine has more than 80 customers in over 30 countries, deployed in networks representing millions of customer connections .
the psd includes breath test operators and drug recognition experts (used to process arrests for driving under the influence of alcohol or other drugs ), and accident investigators and accident reconstructionists.	the psd includes breath test operators and drug recognition experts (used to process arrests for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs ), and accident investigators and accident reconstructionists.
he was tragically lost at sea near umbar in 936 t.a.	he was lost at sea near umbar in 936 t.a.
departing from his usual critical view of the mainland china's handling of the 1989 protests, ma made a statement praising china for its recent improvements in human rights, while also asking the prc government to face this painful history directly and honestly.	departing from his usual critical view of the mainland china's handling of the 1989 protests, ma made a statement praising the prc for its recent improvements in human rights, while also asking the prc government to face this painful history directly and honestly.
studying pharmacy at the university he was a recipient of a prestgious university of queensland sporting scholarships.	studying pharmacy at the university he was a recipient of a university of queensland sporting scholarships.
condemn falun gong cult, series of propaganda articles in the state-run xinhua (note poorly maintained site with many broken links)	condemn falun gong cult, series of articles in the state-run xinhua (note poorly maintained site with many broken links)
"the ""cup and saucer trail"", which climbs the escarpment, provides a spectacular lookout over the island."	"the ""cup and saucer trail"", which climbs the escarpment, provides a lookout over the island."
he appointed sympathetic governors and allowed the plantation owners to proceed with a slow campaign of encroachment onto collectively-owned village land, and enforced such theft through his well-equipped rural police (rurales).	he appointed sympathetic governors and allowed the plantation owners to proceed with a slow campaign of encroachment onto collectively-owned village land, and enforced such seizure through his well-equipped rural police (rurales).
however on may 29, 2018, abc cancelled the series following racist remarks made by roseanne barr on twitter regarding barack obama advisor valerie jarrett.	however on may 29, 2018, abc cancelled the series following remarks made by roseanne barr on twitter regarding barack obama advisor valerie jarrett.
the first such game discovered was why don't you, yes but in which one player (white) would pose a problem and the other players (black) would propose solutions.	the first such game theorized was why don't you, yes but in which one player (white) would pose a problem and the other players (black) would propose solutions.
"a common joke is that singapore is a ""fine"" country, a jibe at the excessive number of fines singapore imposes for acts like jaywalking."	"a common joke is that singapore is a ""fine"" country, a jibe at the large number of fines singapore imposes for acts like jaywalking."
the final score was 1-0 in favor of italy, cruelly eliminating australia from the tournament.	the final score was 1-0 in favor of italy, eliminating australia from the tournament.
the combination of wardhaugh's dazzling dribbling and non-stop running, bauld's cerebral play and prodigious aerial ability, and conn's energetic, tenacious style and powerful shooting perfectly complemented each other, and their first match as a forward combination ended in a 61 defeat of east fife.	the combination of wardhaugh's dribbling and non-stop running, bauld's cerebral play and prodigious aerial ability, and conn's energetic, tenacious style and powerful shooting perfectly complemented each other, and their first match as a forward combination ended in a 61 defeat of east fife.
neogaf.com is a popular forum that deals with video games and off topic discussions.	neogaf.com is a forum that deals with video games and off topic discussions.
beato aldobrandino d'este (13521377 named bishop of ferrara)	aldobrandino d'este (13521377 named bishop of ferrara)
"for example, the late great artist from the papunya movement, clifford possum tjapaltjarri, painted ceremonial dreamings relating to circumcision and love stories, and lessons for ""naughty boys""."	"for example, the late artist from the papunya movement, clifford possum tjapaltjarri, painted ceremonial dreamings relating to circumcision and love stories, and lessons for ""naughty boys""."
"the slang ""keffiyeh kinderlach"" refers to young left-wing jews, particularly college students, who sport a keffiyeh around the neck as a political/fashion statement."	"the slang ""keffiyeh kinderlach"" refers to young jews, particularly college students, who sport a keffiyeh around the neck as a political/fashion statement."
the narrator may be a voice devised by the author as an anonymous, non-personal, or stand-alone entity; as the author herself/himself as a character; or as some other fictional or non-fictional character appearing and participating within their own story.	the narrator may be a voice devised by the author as an anonymous, non-personal, or stand-alone entity; as the author themself as a character; or as some other fictional or non-fictional character appearing and participating within their own story.
the film story line begins shortly before the terror bombing of rotterdam and concerns the story of an impossible love between a young boxer (smit) and an engaged girl (van erkel) as the second world war reaches the netherlands.	the film story line begins shortly before the bombing of rotterdam and concerns the story of an impossible love between a young boxer (smit) and an engaged girl (van erkel) as the second world war reaches the netherlands.
madcap mabel is a 2010 dramatic 35-minute short film about a guilty reporter (played by rudy cecera) who had helped sensationalize the scandals that damaged the career of dying silent film comedienne /writer/director mabel normand (penelope lagos).	madcap mabel is a 2010 dramatic 35-minute short film about a guilty reporter (played by rudy cecera) who had helped sensationalize the scandals that damaged the career of dying silent film comedian /writer/director mabel normand (penelope lagos).
the older 73 districts (okresy, singular - okres) and 4 municipalities (msta, singular - msto) were disbanded in 1999 in an often-criticised administrative reform; however are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration:	the older 73 districts (okresy, singular - okres) and 4 municipalities (msta, singular - msto) were disbanded in 1999 in an administrative reform; however are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration:
"the term is also erroneously borrowed in the context of hong kong politics, where political parties, community groups, chambers of commerce, trade unions and individuals who are cooperative with and loyal to beijing and the post-1997 hong kong government are labelled (most often self-labelled) ""pro-establishment""."	"the term is also borrowed in the context of hong kong politics, where political parties, community groups, chambers of commerce, trade unions and individuals who are cooperative with and loyal to beijing and the post-1997 hong kong government are labelled (most often self-labelled) ""pro-establishment""."
html forsyth county, georgia v. the nationalist movement text of decision	pl?court=us&vol=505&invol=123 forsyth county, georgia v. the nationalist movement text of decision
goa is a former portuguese colony, the portuguese overseas territory of portuguese india existed for about 450 years until it was liberated by india in 1961.	goa is a former portuguese colony, the portuguese overseas territory of portuguese india existed for about 450 years until it was annexation by india in 1961.
"it has often been called ""a beautiful system of morality veiled in allegory and illustrated by symbols."""	"it has been called ""a beautiful system of morality veiled in allegory and illustrated by symbols."""
"an article on the register, dated 4 december 2007 and entitled ""secret mailing list rocks wikipedia"", discussed the use of a private mailing list to coordinate administrative actions."	"an article on the register, dated 4 december 2007 and entitled ""secret mailing list rocks wikipedia"", alleged the use of a private mailing list to coordinate administrative actions."
udaya tara nayar is a prominent film journalist in india.	udaya tara nayar is a film journalist in india.
raven-symon christina pearman (born december 10, 1985 in atlanta, georgia) is a titanic american actress, r&b and pop singer, dancer, producer, and model.	raven-symon christina pearman (born december 10, 1985 in atlanta, georgia) is a tremendous american actress, r&b and pop singer, dancer, producer, and model.
next, the film displays a variety of archival footage on streetcar systems around the united states, demonstrating that streetcars were a widespread and efficient means of transportation.	next, the film displays a variety of archival footage on streetcar systems around the united states, asserting that streetcars were a widespread and efficient means of transportation.
the most popular types of tokusatsu are kaiju monster movies (the godzilla and gamera film series), superhero tv serials (the kamen rider and metal hero series), and mecha dramas (giant robo).	the most popular types of tokusatsu include kaiju monster movies (the godzilla and gamera film series), superhero tv serials (the kamen rider and metal hero series), and mecha dramas (giant robo).
in albania, the paranoid communist dictatorship of enver hoxha littered the small country with 500,000 - 700,000 bunkers.	in albania, the communist dictatorship of enver hoxha littered the small country with 500,000 - 700,000 bunkers.
2004 the kyoto prize in basic science is awarded to alfred g. knudson for lifetime achievement and contributions to the betterment of mankind .	2004 the kyoto prize in basic science is awarded to alfred g. knudson for lifetime achievement and contributions to the betterment of humankind .
a devout christian, karnes often turned to god when faced with decisions.	a devout christian, karnes often turned to prayer when faced with decisions.
in august, hamas terrorists killed four israelis in a drive-by shooting: yitzhak ames, tali ames, kochava even chaim, and avishai shindler.	in august, hamas militants killed four israelis in a drive-by shooting: yitzhak ames, tali ames, kochava even chaim, and avishai shindler.
the ex-county striker has been on impressive form during rochdale's centenary season and is currently the dale's top scorer with 16 goals to his name.	the ex-county striker has been on good form during rochdale's centenary season and is currently the dale's top scorer with 16 goals to his name.
owen was an unused substitute in man united's uninspiring champions league final defeat to barcelona, marking the end of his season.	owen was an unused substitute in man united's champions league final defeat to barcelona, marking the end of his season.
admissions are competitive; for the class of 2009, only 26.1% of applicants were admitted.	admissions are competitive; for the class of 2009, 26.1% of applicants were admitted.
the decision was rubber-stamped by home secretary david blunkett and the boys were released that summer.	the decision was approved by home secretary david blunkett and the boys were released that summer.
in the long-term, mining obscure and invented words for double-meanings probably also led to the dubious popularity of larry grayson	in the long-term, mining obscure and invented words for double-meanings probably also led to the popularity of larry grayson
"edward gibbon's massive work ""the decline and fall of the roman empire"" began an interest in the fall of civilizations, that had begun with the historical divisions of petrarch between the classical period of ancient greece and rome, the succeeding medieval ages, and the renaissance."	"edward gibbon's work ""the decline and fall of the roman empire"" began an interest in the fall of civilizations, that had begun with the historical divisions of petrarch between the classical period of ancient greece and rome, the succeeding medieval ages, and the renaissance."
old church slavonic, developed in the 9th century ad by the byzantine missionaries, saints cyril and methodius from thessaloniki lead to the creation of the modern writing systems for the belarusian language, bulgarian language, macedonian language, russian language, serbian language, and ukrainian language, all based on the modern cyrillic alphabet.	old church slavonic, developed in the 9th century ad by the byzantine missionaries, saints cyril and methodius from greek macedonia lead to the creation of the modern writing systems for the belarusian language, bulgarian language, macedonian language, russian language, serbian language, and ukrainian language, all based on the modern cyrillic alphabet.
in the springtime, the oakwood floor is carpeted with a fabulous display of bluebells, wood sorrel and wood anemones.	in the springtime, the oakwood floor is carpeted with a display of bluebells, wood sorrel and wood anemones.
sonic the hedgehog has been generally panned by critics.	sonic the hedgehog has been widely panned by critics.
turkey is a favored transit point for illegal immigrants trying to reach europe (as well as being a destination itself; see immigration to turkey for details).	turkey is a transit point for illegal immigrants trying to reach europe (as well as being a destination itself; see immigration to turkey for details).
some retailers outside america offered buyers three of these four map packs.	some retailers outside of the united states offered buyers three of these four map packs.
the fantastic literary programme was organised by pablo ganguli, highlights included a panel discussion on the future of english and literature and how the media can play a key role in its promotion, chaired by geordie greig with author hanif kureishi, alexandra pringle, peter florence, simon prosser, ekow eshun, esther freud, antony gormley, annie lennox and hari kunzru; and a conference on the importance of the translation of arabic literature and poetry in the western world and a discussion on the state of arab literature, featuring ahmed el madini, rabii mobarak, susanna nicklin, wassini laraj, tayeb salah and mahi binebine.	the literary programme was organised by pablo ganguli, highlights included a panel discussion on the future of english and literature and how the media can play a key role in its promotion, chaired by geordie greig with author hanif kureishi, alexandra pringle, peter florence, simon prosser, ekow eshun, esther freud, antony gormley, annie lennox and hari kunzru; and a conference on the importance of the translation of arabic literature and poetry in the western world and a discussion on the state of arab literature, featuring ahmed el madini, rabii mobarak, susanna nicklin, wassini laraj, tayeb salah and mahi binebine.
during his early life he was in a devoted pursuit of higher education and spiritual improvement, he traveled as a young man both to important centers of learning, particularly in iran, and the holy cities of mecca, medina, and jerusalem.	during his early life he was in a devoted pursuit of higher education and spiritual improvement, he traveled as a young man both to important centers of learning, particularly in iran, and the cities of mecca, medina, and jerusalem.
racing kart cormeilles - rkc great racing track near paris	racing kart cormeilles - rkc racing track near paris
it uses repressive central planning to implement its economic and social policies.	it uses strong central planning to implement its economic and social policies.
ea is currently headquartered in the upscale redwood shores neighborhood of redwood city, california.	ea is currently headquartered in the redwood shores neighborhood of redwood city, california.
waheed murad (october 2, 1938 - november 23, 1983) was a legendary pakistani film actor, producer and script writer.	waheed murad (october 2, 1938 - november 23, 1983) was a pakistani film actor, producer and script writer.
their brief compared the texts of montana's ban with those of idaho and nevada and used the latta decision to refute the state's arguments.	their brief compared the texts of montana's ban with those of idaho and nevada and used the latta decision to counter the state's arguments.
gene rossen, a newtown resident who allegedly sheltered six sandy hook students and a bus driver in his home during the shooting, has been subject to harassment online alleging he was complicit in a government coverup, among other things.	gene rossen, a newtown resident who was reported to have sheltered six sandy hook students and a bus driver in his home during the shooting, has been subject to harassment online alleging he was complicit in a government coverup, among other things.
"the israeli bombing of an apartment building in qana on 30 july has led to widespread condemnation from around the world, even causing u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice to call for a ceasefire ""as soon as possible""."	"the israeli bombing of an apartment building in qana on 30 july has led to widespread condemnation from around the world, causing u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice to call for a ceasefire ""as soon as possible""."
"the movement, however, has been strongly criticized, with cathy young, writing for the boston globe, stating that ""the fat acceptance movement is hazardous to our health"", and barbara kay, writing for the national post, stating that ""fat-acceptance is not the answer to obesity."""	"the movement, however, has been criticized, with cathy young, writing for the boston globe, stating that ""the fat acceptance movement is hazardous to our health"", and barbara kay, writing for the national post, stating that ""fat-acceptance is not the answer to obesity."""
rail transport in the philippines is a growing means of transportation for passengers and cargo in the country.	rail transport in the philippines is a means of transportation for passengers and cargo in the country.
the soviet union liberated it in july 1944. following the yalta conference and potsdam agreement navahradak again became part of byelarussian ssr.	the soviet union recaptured it in july 1944. following the yalta conference and potsdam agreement navahradak again became part of byelarussian ssr.
several sources, including the organization referenced above media matters for america, as well as the canadian broadcasting corporation, claim french imports to the united states actually increased during o'reilly's boycott, citing official u.s. census bureau figures as proof .	several sources, including the organization referenced above media matters for america, as well as the canadian broadcasting corporation, claim french imports to the united states actually increased during o'reilly's boycott, citing official u.s. census bureau figures as the support for their claim .
"though the danite band self-identified as unofficial, there is confusion and controversy surrounding actual independence of the danite organization since its constitution states, ""all officers shall be subject to the commands of the captain general, given through the secretary of war""."	"though the danite band self-identified as unofficial, there is confusion and controversy surrounding the independence of the danite organization since its constitution states, ""all officers shall be subject to the commands of the captain general, given through the secretary of war""."
zine el abidine ben ali ( zayn al-bidn bin al; born 3 september 1936) is the former dictatorial president of the republic of tunisia.	zine el abidine ben ali ( zayn al-bidn bin al; born 3 september 1936) is the former president of the republic of tunisia.
casey wilson, american actress and comedienne	casey wilson, american actress and comedian
the 2009 collier township shooting, also referred to as the 2009 la fitness shooting, was a misogynist murder-suicide that took place on august 4, 2009 in an la fitness health club in collier township, a suburb of pittsburgh, pennsylvania.	the 2009 collier township shooting, also referred to as the 2009 la fitness shooting, was a murder-suicide that took place on august 4, 2009 in an la fitness health club in collier township, a suburb of pittsburgh, pennsylvania.
up spectacular crystalline gold specimen from the california mother lode, probably from tuolumne county.	up crystalline gold specimen from the california mother lode, probably from tuolumne county.
the comparative lightness of the clearer, neutral-flavored grain alcohol is used to smooth out the often harsh characteristics of single malts.	the comparative lightness of the clearer, neutral-flavored grain whisky is used to smooth out the often harsh characteristics of single malts.
"justice first began her acting career when she was only 10 years old, when she made a guest appearance on the gilmore girls episode ""the hobbit, the sofa and digger stiles""."	"justice first began her acting career when she was 10 years old, when she made a guest appearance on the gilmore girls episode ""the hobbit, the sofa and digger stiles""."
the flight from washington dulles international airport to los angeles international airport was hijacked by five islamic terrorists less than 35 minutes into the flight.	the flight from washington dulles international airport to los angeles international airport was hijacked by five islamic extremists less than 35 minutes into the flight.
PUNCT DET NOUN ADP NUM PUNCT PART ADJ NOUN ADJ NOUN VERB ADJ ADP ADJ NOUN ADJ ADP NOUN NOUN PUNCT VERB ADV ADV NUM NUM PUNCT NOUN NOUN PUNCT VERB ADV VERB NOUN PUNCT ADJ NOUN PUNCT VERB DET NOUN NOUN PUNCT NOUN PUNCT PUNCT VERB NOUN NOUN NOUN NOUN PUNCT VERB ADJ NOUN CCONJ ADJ NOUN PUNCT VERB ADJ ADJ NOUN NOUN PUNCT	punct det poss prep pobj punct appos amod compound compound nsubj ccomp acomp prep amod pobj amod prep compound poss punct pobj npadvmod npadvmod nummod nummod punct compound conj punct nsubj neg ROOT dobj punct compound nsubj punct conj det compound attr punct appos punct punct compound compound poss poss poss punct conj amod attr cc amod conj punct case amod amod compound conj punct
one of the larger issues that maps concerns itself with is the concept of net neutrality .	one of the larger issues that media access project concerns itself with is the concept of net neutrality .
co-star sarah monahan alleged that a member of the show's staff had molested her on the set of the show while she was under the age of majority.	co-star sarah monahan alleged that a member of the show's staff had inappropriately touched her on the set of the show while she was under the age of majority.
with the lack of orders for export designs of the locomotives at their construction stage, it now seems ironic that these fine locomotives have been sent abroad to work.	with the lack of orders for export designs of the locomotives at their construction stage, it now seems ironic that these locomotives have been sent abroad to work.
"hassan was an early advocate of exit counseling, and is the author of two books on the subject of ""cults"", and what he asserts are their use of mind control, thought reform, and the psychology of influence in order to recruit and retain members."	"hassan was an early advocate of exit counseling, and is the author of two books on the subject of ""cults"", and what he describes are their use of mind control, thought reform, and the psychology of influence in order to recruit and retain members."
paula newby-fraser (born june 2, 1962) is a legendary ironman triathlete.	paula newby-fraser (born june 2, 1962) is a ironman triathlete.
rivka michaeli (born 1938), israeli actress, comedienne , television hostess, and entertainer	rivka michaeli (born 1938), israeli actress, comedian , television hostess, and entertainer
the manufacturers of the aircraft reached a settlement with the family of the slain pilot.	the manufacturers of the aircraft reached a settlement with the family of the fallen pilot.
actress frankie ingrassia and comedienne laraine newman also appeared as voice actresses.	actress frankie ingrassia and comedian laraine newman also appeared as voice actresses.
in 2009 the cep co-sponsored a lively debate at the convention on modern liberty involving yasmin alibhai-brown, paul kingsnorth, gerry hassan and gareth young.	in 2009 the cep co-sponsored a debate at the convention on modern liberty involving yasmin alibhai-brown, paul kingsnorth, gerry hassan and gareth young.
she is also strongly opposed to the building of a nuclear waste dump in yucca mountain, nevada.	she is also strongly opposed to the building of a nuclear waste repository in yucca mountain, nevada.
these sites emphasize the tm technique does not require faith, belief, or a change in lifestyle to be effective.	these sites state the tm technique does not require faith, belief, or a change in lifestyle to be effective.
in march 2006, lorin maazel toured asia with violinist lidia baich, conducting orchestras such as the famous singapore symphony orchestra.	in march 2006, lorin maazel toured asia with violinist lidia baich, conducting orchestras such as the singapore symphony orchestra.
in 1939, pope pius xii, within weeks of his coronation, radically reverted the 250-year-old vatican policy and permitted some things which had earlier been forbidden.	in 1939, pope pius xii, within weeks of his coronation,reverted the 250-year-old vatican policy and permitted some things which had earlier been forbidden.
felipe coronel (born february 19 1978), better known as immortal beaner , is a hip hop mc and political activist.	felipe coronel (born february 19 1978), better known as immortal technique , is a hip hop mc and political activist.
pakistan and gambia have reportedly also expressed gestures towards recognitionbut have not formally recognisedthe tnrc.	pakistan and gambia have , according to turkish sources, also expressed gestures towards recognitionbut have not formally recognisedthe tnrc.
over the next two years hewitt quickly progressed up the world rankings, and this culminated in his being ranked the world number one for two consecutive years.	over the next two years hewitt quickly progressed up the turd rankings, and this culminated in his being ranked the world number one for two consecutive years.
sources differ as to whether he was present at pope urban ii's great sermon at the council of clermont in 1095; but it is certain that he was one of the preachers of the crusade in france after that sermon, and his own experience may have helped to give fire to his eloquence.	sources differ as to whether he was present at pope urban ii's famous sermon at the council of clermont in 1095; but it is certain that he was one of the preachers of the crusade in france after that sermon, and his own experience may have helped to give fire to his eloquence.
his grandfather was the beloved danish composer and conductor at tivoli gardens, hans christian lumbye.	his grandfather was the danish composer and conductor at tivoli gardens, hans christian lumbye.
bupa is an internationally established health insurance and care specialist with services that include:	bupa is an internationally established health insurance and care company with services that include:
the powerful content management systems apache lenya and daisy (cms) have been created on top of the framework.	the content management systems apache lenya and daisy (cms) have been created on top of the framework.
"the body was labeled an ""extremist organisation"" and subsequently banned by russian- occupied crimea's supreme court on 26 april 2016."	"the body was labeled an ""extremist organisation"" and subsequently banned by russian- annexed crimea's supreme court on 26 april 2016."
however, mr key removed responsibility for managing the novopay debacle from parata, giving that job to steven joyce.	however, mr key removed responsibility for managing the novopay system from parata, giving that job to steven joyce.
regrettably the quartet members decided to disband in july, 2008.	the quartet members decided to disband in july, 2008.
another variation can be found in the work of the noted india religious scholar, prof. pradeep sarkar.	another variation can be found in the work of the india religious scholar, prof. pradeep sarkar.
the school has an exceptional sports department: its achievements include runners-up in the rugby u15 daily mail cup and the boat club has won the princess elizabeth cup at henley royal regatta twice in its history.	the school has an strong sports department: its achievements include runners-up in the rugby u15 daily mail cup and the boat club has won the princess elizabeth cup at henley royal regatta twice in its history.
biopsychiatry as a pseudo- science	biopsychiatry as a hard science
the beginnings of the neighborhood that would become known as hell's kitchen start in the mid 19th century, when immigrants from ireland, most of whom were refugees from the great potato famine, began settling on the west side of manhattan in shantytowns along the hudson river.	the beginnings of the neighborhood that would become known as hell's kitchen start in the mid 19th century, when immigrants from ireland, most of whom were refugees from the great famine, began settling on the west side of manhattan in shantytowns along the hudson river.
in some areas of the united states and canada, the trade of methamphetamine is rampant .	in some areas of the united states and canada, the trade of methamphetamine is a serious cause of concern .
primitivists argue that organizational models only provide us with more of the same.	primitivists state that organizational models only provide us with more of the same.
alcock is a member of the liberal party of canada.	alcock is a member of the chicken wing party of canada.
after he was mercilessly waived a day before he was due a $7 million/7-year contract extension, aikman asserted he could still play, but found no interested teams.	after he was waived a day before he was due a $7 million/7-year contract extension, aikman asserted he could still play, but found no interested teams.
in february 1993 bowe defended the title against 34 year old ex-champ michael dokes, who he bombed out in 1 round.	in february 1993 bowe defended the title against 34 year old ex-champ michael dokes, who he knocked out in 1 round.
china's use of capital punishment for minor crimes is often cited as one of the many human rights problems within the troubled country.	china's use of capital punishment for minor crimes is often cited as one of the many human rights problems within the country.
following these outrages , sheikh mujibur rahman signed an official declaration that read:	following these events , sheikh mujibur rahman signed an official declaration that read:
(ibid., p 316) that courageous student was alan keyes.	(ibid., p 316) that student was alan keyes.
27:19), but alternate christian traditions gave her the name (saint) procula, procla, prokla, perpetua or claudia procula .	27:19), but alternate christian traditions gave her the name (saint) procula, procla, prokla, perpetua or claudia.
green has been dubbed the 'gypsy king' for his tireless advocacy for gypsies seeking the legitimization of illegal dwellings on green belt sites.	green has been dubbed the 'gypsy king' for his advocacy for gypsies seeking the legitimization of illegal dwellings on green belt sites.
fascist political party and the most powerful of the maronite militia groups	rightist political party and the most powerful of the maronite militia groups
dorian was also responsible for creating tygrus, a half human half cat monster .	dorian was also responsible for creating tygrus, a half human half cat creature .
the 1993 allegations were settled out of court, but the 2003 allegations lead to a trial in which jackson was found innocent on all 10 counts.	the 1993 allegations were settled out of court, but the 2003 allegations lead to a trial in which jackson was found not guilty on all 10 counts.
gmos are the source of genetically modified foods, and are also widely used in scientific research and to produce useful goods other than food.	gmos are the source of genetically modified foods, and are also widely used in scientific research and to produce goods other than food.
sadly , a severe knee injury curtailed his career at the highest level and in november 1990, the 33-year-old left the club by mutual consent having helped to improve the standing of english footballers in foreign countries.	however , a severe knee injury curtailed his career at the highest level and in november 1990, the 33-year-old left the club by mutual consent having helped to improve the standing of english footballers in foreign countries.
home schooling is also considered an excellent alternative by groups whose job necesitates frequent moves, such as military families.	home schooling is also considered an alternative by groups whose job necesitates frequent moves, such as military families.
unusually enough for an anime series, while mutsuki is not the main character or the de facto leader of the holy student council, she is the strongest of the primary human characters and often acts like more like a leaderess than haruto himself.	unusually enough for an anime series, while mutsuki is not the main character or the de facto leader of the holy student council, she is the strongest of the primary human characters and often acts like more like a leader than haruto himself.
blue dragon was both applauded and criticized for its excellent adaptation of the traditional elements of role-playing games.	blue dragon was both applauded and criticized for its adaptation of the traditional elements of role-playing games.
"in 2003, the university of texas, committed usd$200,000 and sought another usd$800,000 to redesign the ""memorial garden"" that was dedicated to the tower tragedy ."	"in 2003, the university of texas, committed usd$200,000 and sought another usd$800,000 to redesign the ""memorial garden"" that was dedicated to the tower incident ."
the odd spelling of the name is a pun referring to the county clare in ireland.	the spelling of the name is a pun referring to the county clare in ireland.
scandinavian sausages are usually made of 6080% very finely ground pork, very sparsely spiced with pepper, nutmeg, allspice or similar sweet spices (ground mustard seed, onion and sugar may also be added).	scandinavian sausages are usually made of 6080% very finely ground pork, sparsely spiced with pepper, nutmeg, allspice or similar sweet spices (ground mustard seed, onion and sugar may also be added).
challenges in the education sector	results in the education sector
this bass features a solid body made from rosewood, koa and mahogany, a maple neck with a 22-fret rosewood fingerboard (pao ferro on the five-string version), posiflex graphite neck support rods, abalone dot position inlays, rolled fingerboard edges, highly detailed nut and fret work.	this bass features a solid body made from rosewood, koa and mahogany, a maple neck with a 22-fret rosewood fingerboard (pao ferro on the five-string version), posiflex graphite neck support rods, abalone dot position inlays, rolled fingerboard edges, and detailed nut and fret work.
she is best known for her roles as trish mcdonald in the scottish television soap opera take the high road (1990-99) and as moira dingle in the itv soap opera emmerdale, a role she has played since 2009. her other television roles include, dream team (20002001), doctors (20012004) and the bill (20042005).	she is known for her roles as trish mcdonald in the scottish television soap opera take the high road (1990-99) and as moira dingle in the itv soap opera emmerdale, a role she has played since 2009. her other television roles include, dream team (20002001), doctors (20012004) and the bill (20042005).
also, incredible vistas of the pacific ocean, mission bay, san diego harbor, the coronado islands, and la jolla are also prominent throughout the campus.	also, vistas of the pacific ocean, mission bay, san diego harbor, the coronado islands, and la jolla are also prominent throughout the campus.
therefore they are often erroneously labelled as a punk band.	therefore they are often labelled as a punk band.
as of the 2000 census, the community had a total population of 56,407. although reston is not a city and does not have a traditional central business district, the reston town center is becoming a focal point for business and transportation connections within the community, with several high-rise office buildings, restaurants, a cinema, a hotel, and quality shops.	as of the 2000 census, the community had a total population of 56,407. although reston is not a city and does not have a traditional central business district, the reston town center is becoming a focal point for business and transportation connections within the community, with several high-rise office buildings, restaurants, a cinema, a hotel, and shops.
"while the phrase ""tort reform"" might imply any change in tort law or procedure, the commonly understood use in political and academic arenas describes a movement to curb tort litigation and damages."	"while the phrase ""tort reform"" might imply any change in tort law or procedure, the commonly understood use in political and academic arenas describes a movement to reduce tort litigation and damages."
the first notable ontological argument in the western christian tradition was proposed by anselm of canterbury in his 1078 work proslogion.	the first ontological argument in the western christian tradition was proposed by anselm of canterbury in his 1078 work proslogion.
a minority of significant scholars, such as darrell l. bock and mark d. roberts, argue that the two accounts are historically accurate, and do not contradict each other.	a minority of scholars, such as darrell l. bock and mark d. roberts, argue that the two accounts are historically accurate, and do not contradict each other.
"a major reduction in the network occurred during the mid-1960s as part of the beeching rationalisation of the railways (also known as the ""beeching axe"")."	"a major reduction in the network occurred during the mid-1960s as part of the beeching assault of the railways (also known as the ""beeching axe"")."
at one o'clock, scrooge is visited by the victorian upper-class ghost of christmas past, who takes him back in time to his childhood and early adult life.	at one o'clock, scrooge is visited by the victorian ghost of christmas past, who takes him back in time to his childhood and early adult life.
legendary american astronomer carl sagan and soviet astronomer iosif shklovskii together wrote the pioneering book in the field, intelligent life in the universe which appeared in 1966.	tv-host/ american astronomer carl sagan and soviet astronomer iosif shklovskii together wrote the pioneering book in the field, intelligent life in the universe which appeared in 1966.
"mara del carmen aristegui flores (born january 18, 1964 in mexico city, mexico) is a mexican journalist who has been described by the leading mexican newspaper la jornada as ""one of the most important opinion leaders in mexico""."	"mara del carmen aristegui flores (born january 18, 1964 in mexico city, mexico) is a mexican journalist who has been described by the mexican newspaper la jornada as ""one of the most important opinion leaders in mexico""."
"for example, the naacp strongly supports stringent gun control laws, feminist issues, gay rights issues and opposes voucher schemes that have been termed ""school choice."""	"for example, the naacp strongly supports stringent gun control laws, feminist issues, gay rights issues and opposes voucher programs that have been termed ""school choice."""
"uncyclopedia, ""the content-free encyclopedia that anyone can edit,""1 is a satirical parody of wikipedia, though amusingly uncyclopedia claims the reverse - that wikipedia is a parody of uncyclopedia."	"uncyclopedia, ""the content-free encyclopedia that anyone can edit,""1 is a satirical parody of wikipedia, though uncyclopedia claims the reverse - that wikipedia is a parody of uncyclopedia."
faenza's architectural attractions are concentrated in the two contiguous main squares: piazza del popolo, lined by two spectacular double order porticoed wings, and piazza della libert.	faenza's architectural attractions are concentrated in the two contiguous main squares: piazza del popolo, lined by two double order porticoed wings, and piazza della libert.
save our state is wrongly classified by the southern poverty law center as a hate group.	save our state is classified by the southern poverty law center as a hate group.
although sadly not videotaped in its entirety, the project called the history of american music in 3 e-z pieces was recorded almost in entirety and released as cube-e: live in holland.	although not videotaped in its entirety, the project called the history of american music in 3 e-z pieces was recorded almost in entirety and released as cube-e: live in holland.
nintendo have since realised their mistake, since they have never tried this retarded idea again.	nintendo have since realised their mistake, since they have never tried this idea again.
"regarding the debate of the law that allows same-sex couples to adopt, pereira falsely claimed at sic notcias that gay people have a ""high risk of pederasty""."	"regarding the debate of the law that allows same-sex couples to adopt, pereira claimed at sic notcias that gay people have a ""high risk of pederasty""."
israeli security from palestinian terrorist attacks.	israeli security from palestinian militant attacks.
"the terms ""ex-gay"" and ""former homosexual"" are thus used to refer to people who have reportedly altered their sexual behavior and do not necessarily indicate a change in sexual orientation."	"the terms ""ex-gay"" and ""former homosexual"" are thus used to refer to people who have altered their sexual behavior and do not necessarily indicate a change in sexual orientation."
both spiked and lm have been heavily criticised by other left-wing publications and individuals, most notably by the writer george monbiot, who mistakenly regard it as a right-wing publication.	both spiked and lm have been heavily criticised by other left-wing publications and individuals, most notably by the writer george monbiot, who regard it as a right-wing publication.
the effect was accidentally rediscovered by thomas edison on february 13, 1880, while trying to discover the reason for breakage of lamp filaments and uneven blackening (darkest near one terminal of the filament) of the bulbs in his incandescent lamps.	the effect was rediscovered by thomas edison on february 13, 1880, while trying to discover the reason for breakage of lamp filaments and uneven blackening (darkest near one terminal of the filament) of the bulbs in his incandescent lamps.
mobutu, the congolese despot , and sani abacha, the nigerian military leader, were probably billionaires when they were alive but forbes could never confirm this (according to forbes magazine's kerry dolan).	mobutu, the congolese politician , and sani abacha, the nigerian military leader, were probably billionaires when they were alive but forbes could never confirm this (according to forbes magazine's kerry dolan).
each nazi invasion of a foreign country had an official musical theme that was frequently played for the purposes of nazi propaganda over the totally government controlled radio stations after the invasion was officially announced to whip up enthusiasm for the military operation among the populace of nazi germany.	each german invasion of a foreign country had an official musical theme that was frequently played for the purposes of nazi propaganda over the totally government controlled radio stations after the invasion was officially announced to whip up enthusiasm for the military operation among the populace of nazi germany.
since then, much work has been ongoing the past 7 years for the restoration of this historic locomotive.	since then, much work has been ongoing the past 7 years for the restoration of this locomotive.
he has worked several times with prestigious australian directors barrie kosky and jean-pierre mignon.	he has worked several times with australian directors barrie kosky and jean-pierre mignon.
after world war i, transylvania joined romania.	after world war i, transylvania bacame part of romania.
with the album in the can, parsons set off for joshua tree, california, where he would unfortunately fatally overdose on september 19, 1973, dying the next day in nearby yucca valley.	with the album in the can, parsons set off for joshua tree, california, where he would fatally overdose on september 19, 1973, dying the next day in nearby yucca valley.
rowling has said that muckraker jessica mitford, who belonged to the communist party usa during the red scare, has been her heroine since age 14. it is likely that several characters, including dobby the house elf, were named from people mentioned in mitford's autobiography a fine old conflict.	rowling has said that jessica mitford, who belonged to the communist party usa during the red scare, has been her heroine since age 14. it is likely that several characters, including dobby the house elf, were named from people mentioned in mitford's autobiography a fine old conflict.
the abacost was seen as the uniform of mobutu's supporters, especially those who had benefited from his kleptocratic regime.	the abacost was seen as the uniform of mobutu's supporters, especially those who had benefited from his regime.
tactics used included trench warfare, machine gun posts, bayonet charges, use of barbed wire across trenches and on no-man's land, iranian human wave attacks, and iraq's extensive use of chemical weapons such as mustard gas against iranian troops.	tactics used included trench warfare, machine gun posts, bayonet charges, use of barbed wire across trenches and on no-man's land, human wave attacks, and iraq's extensive use of chemical weapons such as mustard gas against iranian troops.
ku klux klan, often abbreviated kkk and informally known as the klan, is the name of three distinct past and present right-wing organizations in the united states, which have advocated extremist reactionary currents such as white supremacy and nationalism.	ku klux klan, often abbreviated kkk and informally known as the klan, is the name of three distinct past and present organizations in the united states, which have advocated extremist reactionary currents such as white supremacy and nationalism.
the large enslaved population also proved difficult to oppress , with portugal unable to invest many resources in the effort.	the large enslaved population also proved difficult to control , with portugal unable to invest many resources in the effort.
the two served together on the woods fund board from 1999 until obama left in 2002. ayers had other minimal contact with obama as a resident of chicago's hyde park neighborhood, including hosting a candidate reception attended by obama early in obama's first illinois state senate campaign in 1995, appearing on education panels together, and donating $200 to obama's campaign in april 2001 .	the two served together on the woods fund board from 1999 until obama left in 2002. ayers had other contact with obama as a resident of chicago's hyde park neighborhood, including hosting a candidate reception attended by obama early in obama's first illinois state senate campaign in 1995, appearing on education panels together, and donating $200 to obama's campaign in april 2001 .
sue-ann post (born 1964) is an australian comedienne and writer.	sue-ann post (born 1964) is an australian comedian and writer.
and plenty of good club tunes, expanding from the artist's acid house roots into the pop and rock genres.	and plenty of club tunes, expanding from the artist's acid house roots into the pop and rock genres.
"further unsubstantiated investigation led the nypd to uncovering that the ""life insurance"" folder belonged to weiner's estranged wife huma abedin."	"further investigation led the nypd to uncovering that the ""life insurance"" folder belonged to weiner's estranged wife huma abedin."
the soundtrack of the film was composed by d. imman, who with the soundtrack made his debut at just 17 years old.	the soundtrack of the film was composed by d. imman, who with the soundtrack made his debut at 17 years old.
"the tv broadcasting of a satirical programme called raiot - armi di distrazione di massa (raiot-weapons of mass distraction, where ""raiot"" is a mangling of rai which sounds like the english riot) was censored in november 2003 after the comedienne sabina guzzanti (daughter of paolo guzzanti, former senator of forza italia) made outspoken criticism of the berlusconi media empire."	"the tv broadcasting of a satirical programme called raiot - armi di distrazione di massa (raiot-weapons of mass distraction, where ""raiot"" is a mangling of rai which sounds like the english riot) was censored in november 2003 after the comedian sabina guzzanti (daughter of paolo guzzanti, former senator of forza italia) made outspoken criticism of the berlusconi media empire."
finger fucking is a vulgar colloquial term which describes the practice of stimulating the vagina and/or anus of a sexual partner by inserting the fingers fingers (cf masturbation).	finger fucking is a slang colloquial term which describes the practice of stimulating the vagina and/or anus of a sexual partner by inserting the fingers fingers (cf masturbation).
while her signature role is carmen, costa-jackson is also a comedienne , as in her marchesa di poggio (glimmerglass festival's 2013 adaptation of verdi's king for a day /un giorno di regno), and also her 2009 celia in gilbert and sullivan's iolanthe with the san francisco symphony.	while her signature role is carmen, costa-jackson is also a comedian , as in her marchesa di poggio (glimmerglass festival's 2013 adaptation of verdi's king for a day /un giorno di regno), and also her 2009 celia in gilbert and sullivan's iolanthe with the san francisco symphony.
sharia is the body of radical islamic religious law.	sharia is the body of islamic religious law.
the emerald park golf and country club is nearby and offers a fully serviced club house and a beautiful 27-hole golf course.	the emerald park golf and country club is nearby and offers a fully serviced club house and a 27-hole golf course.
mao's last dancer is an auto-biography written by chinese-australian author li cunxin and first published in 2003. it recounts his extraordinary journey from a young, impoverished village boy destined to labour in the fields to a world-famous professional dancer.	mao's last dancer is an auto-biography written by chinese-australian author li cunxin and first published in 2003. it recounts his journey from a young, impoverished village boy destined to labour in the fields to a world-famous professional dancer.
this unit sadly had to be sold before stc yasi slammed the north qld coastline however, the rural fire service and qld fire & rescue had honed their incident management skills and along with the ldmg in townsville, ensured that emergency response during and after the cyclone were suitable and appropriate.	this unit had to be sold before stc yasi slammed the north qld coastline however, the rural fire service and qld fire & rescue had honed their incident management skills and along with the ldmg in townsville, ensured that emergency response during and after the cyclone were suitable and appropriate.
reviewers of the film have generally criticized its false attribution of racist views to family planning activists, as well as the other false claims it makes to tie genocide to family planning and the fact that it blames the high abortion rate among black women on a conspiracy rather than on unequal socioeconomic conditions.	reviewers of the film have generally criticized its false attribution of racist views to family planning activists , as well as the other claims it makes to tie genocide to family planning and the fact that it blames the high abortion rate among black women on a conspiracy rather than on unequal socioeconomic conditions.
nobody's perfect is the first single released from the second season of the hit disney channel original series hannah montana.	nobody's perfect is the first single released from the second season of the disney channel original series hannah montana.
third baseman joe crede delivered a base hit three pitches later to give the white sox the disputed win.	third baseman joe crede delivered a base hit three pitches later to give the white sox the win.
"the kmt accepts a ""one china principle"" - it officially considers that there is only one china, but that the republic of china rather than the communist people's republic of china is its legitimate government."	"the kmt accepts a ""one china principle"" - it officially considers that there is only one china, but that the republic of china rather than the people's republic of china is its legitimate government."
roseanne cherrie barr (born november 3, 1952) is an american actress, comedienne , writer, television producer, director, and 2012 presidential nominee of the california-based peace and freedom party.	roseanne cherrie barr (born november 3, 1952) is an american actress, comedian , writer, television producer, director, and 2012 presidential nominee of the california-based peace and freedom party.
fortunately , most goods are exempt as long as they are regularly kept or used within one's household.	however , most goods are exempt as long as they are regularly kept or used within one's household.
fields later appeared in talking feature films and short subjects, including the 1934 gem it's a gift, which contained his stage sketch about trying to sleep on the back porch in the midst of nagging family and noisy neighbors.	fields later appeared in talking feature films and short subjects, including the 1934 it's a gift, which contained his stage sketch about trying to sleep on the back porch in the midst of nagging family and noisy neighbors.
during his disasterous spell as leader of the conservative party, ian duncan smith was subject a great deal of criticism on the programme.	during his spell as leader of the conservative party, ian duncan smith was subject a great deal of criticism on the programme.
halcrow is one of the uk's leading consultancies, with a pedigree stretching back to 1868. the uk-based consultancy specialises in the provision of planning, design and management services for infrastructure development worldwide.	halcrow is one of the uk's largest consultancies, with a pedigree stretching back to 1868. the uk-based consultancy specialises in the provision of planning, design and management services for infrastructure development worldwide.
plasma cosmologists have proposed explanations for the evolution of the universe — from the cosmic microwave background, to galaxy formation, to large scale structure.	plasma cosmology advocates have proposed explanations for the evolution of the universe — from the cosmic microwave background, to galaxy formation, to large scale structure.
"st. pancras has retained a reputation of having one of the most admirable facades of all the london termini, and known as the ""cathedral of the railways""."	"st. pancras has retained a reputation of having one of the most recognisable facades of all the london termini, and known as the ""cathedral of the railways""."
john olday (10 april 1905 1977), birth name arthur william oldag, was a talented artist, cartoonist and writer, and an anarchist revolutionary.	john olday (10 april 1905 1977), birth name arthur william oldag, was a artist, cartoonist and writer, and an anarchist revolutionary.
keren mor (; born december 30, 1964) is an israeli actress and comedienne .	keren mor (; born december 30, 1964) is an israeli actress and comedian .
it was after its founder, the late roderick c. meredith, was fired by board members of the global church of god (gcg), that he went on to found, for a second time, a new organisation in 1998. it is just one of multifarious sabbatarian churches of god groups that have sprung up from the former worldwide church of god, known today as grace communion international (gci).	it was after its founder, the late roderick c. meredith, was fired by board members of the global church of god (gcg), that he went on to found, for a second time, a new organisation in 1998. it is just one of many and varied sabbatarian churches of god groups that have sprung up from the former worldwide church of god, known today as grace communion international (gci).
salihovi had a good start to the 201011 bundesliga season, but sadly ended with an injury.	salihovi had a good start to the 201011 bundesliga season, but ended with an injury.
hispanics and latinos, including undocumented immigrants, came to garden city beginning in the 1980s due to the establishment of meatpacking plants and partially due to plant management deliberately recruiting them.	hispanics and latinos, including immigrants, came to garden city beginning in the 1980s due to the establishment of meatpacking plants and partially due to plant management deliberately recruiting them.
denied by the u.s., western-aligned countries were turning to other vendors for modern fighters, notably france's mirage 2000. barry n. blechman, assistant director of the arms control and disarmament agency, testified that the us reductions in foreign arms transfers had actually encouraged other nations and increased worldwide arms sales.	denied by the u.s., countries were turning to other vendors for modern fighters, notably france's mirage 2000. barry n. blechman, assistant director of the arms control and disarmament agency, testified that the us reductions in foreign arms transfers had actually encouraged other nations and increased worldwide arms sales.
replay is the compelling account of 43-year-old radio journalist jeff winston, who dies of a heart attack in 1988 and awakens back in 1963 in his 18-year-old body.	replay is the account of 43-year-old radio journalist jeff winston, who dies of a heart attack in 1988 and awakens back in 1963 in his 18-year-old body.
supposedly this is supposed to bring good luck in the person's life.	this is supposed to bring good luck in the person's life.
maxmilan armour with grotesque mask	maxmilan armour with facial mask
as a legislator and organiser, he occupies a high place among the spanish kings.	as a legislator and organiser, he occupies a significant place among the spanish kings.
beethoven was one of the greatest masters of musical construction, sometimes sketching the architecture of a movement before he had decided upon the subject matter.	beethoven is considered by many to be one of the greatest masters of musical construction, sometimes sketching the architecture of a movement before he had decided upon the subject matter.
lang lang (born june 14, 1982) is a virtuoso chinese pianist from shenyang in liaoning, china.	lang lang (born june 14, 1982) is a chinese pianist from shenyang in liaoning, china.
after the verdict, the leftist new democratic party of canada publicly called for the black's expulsion from the queen's privy council for canada and the order of canada, for the latter citing the examples of alan eagleson and david ahenakew.	after the verdict, the new democratic party of canada publicly called for the black's expulsion from the queen's privy council for canada and the order of canada, for the latter citing the examples of alan eagleson and david ahenakew.
transracial people are individuals who acknowledge a racial identity for themselves which differs from their birth ethnicity.	transracial people are individuals who assert a racial identity for themselves which differs from their birth ethnicity.
he is best known for his roles in national lampoon's van wilder, waiting..., just friends, definitely maybe, and the proposal, as well as wade wilson/deadpool in x-men origins: wolverine.	he is known for his roles in national lampoon's van wilder, waiting..., just friends, definitely maybe, and the proposal, as well as wade wilson/deadpool in x-men origins: wolverine.
hutchison won everything else, having procured majorities in 236 of the state's 254 counties.	hutchison won everything else, having won majorities in 236 of the state's 254 counties.
these models used the same attractive 13-inch styled steel wheels and trim rings that graced the u.s-market 197475 celica gt.	these models used the same 13-inch styled steel wheels and trim rings that graced the u.s-market 197475 celica gt.
agyness deyn (born laura hollins on 16 february 1983 ) is an english supermodel .	agyness deyn (born laura hollins on 16 february 1983 ) is an english model .
in a further study he refutes some criticisms by graham isaac.	in a further study he gives counter-arguments against some criticisms by graham isaac.
he led the u.s. government's global efforts to steal saddam hussein's assets, resulting in the return of over $3 billion of iraqi assets from the u.s. and around the world.	he led the u.s. government's global efforts to seize saddam hussein's assets, resulting in the return of over $3 billion of iraqi assets from the u.s. and around the world.
the government of pakistan is accused of having supplied monetary aid to the taliban and other anti-soviet groups to fight during the soviet invasion of afghanistan and to many terrorist organisations fighting for secession in kashmir.	the government of pakistan is accused of having supplied monetary aid to the taliban and other anti-soviet groups to fight during the soviet invasion of afghanistan and to many separatist organisations fighting for secession in kashmir.
roy buchanan (september 23, 1939 - august 14, 1988) was an american guitar virtuoso and blues musician.	roy buchanan (september 23, 1939 - august 14, 1988) was an american guitar and blues musician.
the kurds are an ethnic group who are indigenous to a region often referred to as kurdistan, an area which includes adjacent parts of iran, iraq, syria, and turkey.	the kurds are an ethnic group who consider themselves to be indigenous to a region often referred to as kurdistan, an area which includes adjacent parts of iran, iraq, syria, and turkey.
"the organization's website carried her article ""ax max"", in which max baucus, montana's moderate democratic senator, was the target of abuse ."	"the organization's website carried her article ""ax max"", in which max baucus, montana's moderate democratic senator, was the target of criticism ."
g. h. pember an english theologian who lived in the 19th century and also wrote the illuminating book earth's earliest ages.	g. h. pember an english theologian who lived in the 19th century and also wrote the book earth's earliest ages.
in august 2005, a dmca notice was issued against uncyclopedia and wikipedia seeking the removal of a picture of sherrod degrippo and, for uncyclopedia, the encyclopdia dramatica logo because the current copyright notice, which had been changed after the pictures were used on wikipedia and uncyclopedia, states that they were not authorized to host these images.	in august 2005, a dmca notice was issued to uncyclopedia and wikipedia seeking the removal of a picture of sherrod degrippo and, for uncyclopedia, the encyclopdia dramatica logo because the current copyright notice, which had been changed after the pictures were used on wikipedia and uncyclopedia, states that they were not authorized to host these images.
long believe dead, alex (who was adopted by the masters family) is reunited with his brother scott, though alex has come under the influence of magneto, leading scott away from the x-men.	long believed to be dead, alex (who was adopted by the masters family) is reunited with his brother scott, though alex has come under the influence of magneto, leading scott away from the x-men.
fpr 3d tech is able to deliver a brighter screen with less cross talk, less ghosting, and no flickering.	fpr 3d tech is said to deliver a brighter screen with less cross talk, less ghosting, and no flickering.
farrakhan has had friendly relations with leaders of the neturei karta, a small heretical jewish group that is well-known for its association with and support for anti-zionists.	farrakhan has had friendly relations with leaders of the neturei karta, a small jewish group that is well-known for its association with and support for anti-zionists.
in 2009, chatwin portrayed goku badly in dragonball evolution, a big screen adaptation based on the japanese dragon ball manga by akira toriyama.	in 2009, chatwin portrayed goku in dragonball evolution, a big screen adaptation based on the japanese dragon ball manga by akira toriyama.
the so-called snowden effect had a profound impact on the technology industry after it was revealed that the nsa was tapping into the information held by some us cloud-based services.	the snowden effect had a profound impact on the technology industry after it was revealed that the nsa was tapping into the information held by some us cloud-based services.
other interesting information is also included.	other information is also included.
many others take ministry positions straight from college, and rising juniors participate in a church internship program to prepare them for the pastoral ministry.	others take ministry positions straight from college, and rising juniors participate in a church internship program to prepare them for the pastoral ministry.
decrees setting forth changes in marriage customs and land reform were misunderstood by a population deeply immersed in tradition and islam.	decrees setting forth changes in marriage customs and land reform were not received well by a population deeply immersed in tradition and islam.
larter can currently be seen on the hit television series heroes.	larter can currently be seen on the television series heroes.
is a vibrant new testament church known by the name fountainhead church international.	is a new testament church known by the name fountainhead church international.
he was also selected to play at lock for australia in the 1992 rugby league world cup final at london's famous wembley stadium following the 1992 nswrl season.	he was also selected to play at lock for australia in the 1992 rugby league world cup final at london's wembley stadium following the 1992 nswrl season.
on 26 august 2007, nani scored his first competitive goal for manchester united, scoring a wonderful 30-yard goal against tottenham hotspur, leading the team to their first win of the 2007-08 season.	on 26 august 2007, nani scored his first competitive goal for manchester united, scoring a 30-yard goal against tottenham hotspur, leading the team to their first win of the 2007-08 season.
william timothy sanders (1926-2008) was an influential american anthropologist who specialized in the archaeology of mesoamerica.	william timothy sanders (1926-2008) was an american anthropologist who specialized in the archaeology of mesoamerica.
the uk independence party was founded to agitate for british withdrawal from the eu, and following the referendum its leader nigel farage announced, on 4 july, that having succeeded in this goal, he would stand down as leader.	the uk independence party was founded to press for british withdrawal from the eu, and following the referendum its leader nigel farage announced, on 4 july, that having succeeded in this goal, he would stand down as leader.
"spears collaborated with hills, araica, hilson and washington for ""break the ice"", who were behind her comeback single, ""gimme more""."	"spears collaborated with hills, araica, hilson and washington for ""break the ice"", who were behind her single, ""gimme more""."
as lane prepared to leave office in january 1920, he reflected on the topsy-turvy postwar world:	as lane prepared to leave office in january 1920, he reflected on the postwar world:
the official line reported by local newspapers is that the dubai government is anti-zionist, not anti-semitic, meaning that it does not support the illegal actions of the israeli government, but at the same time, it does not discriminate against jews.	the official line reported by local newspapers is that the dubai government is anti-zionist, not anti-semitic, meaning that it does not support the actions of the israeli government, but at the same time, it does not discriminate against jews.
sammy's pizza & restaurant is a landmark regional restaurant brand.	sammy's pizza & restaurant is a regional restaurant brand.
her writings contain literary criticism as well as caustic comments on contemporary life.	her writings contain literary criticism as well as comments on contemporary life.
white's father was killed october 5, 2016 in a tragic car accident in snyder.	white's father was killed october 5, 2016 in a car accident in snyder.
subsequent study, including handwriting analysis of higher quality color photographs of the document, first published in 2000, revealed more possible evidence of forgery, leading scholars such as craig a. evans and emanuel tov to conclude the work is a hoax, with smith being the most likely perpetrator.	subsequent study, including handwriting analysis of higher quality color photographs of the document, first published in 2000, revealed more possible evidence of forgery, scholars such as craig a. evans and emanuel tov to conclude the work is a hoax, with smith being the most likely perpetrator.
at home, fidel castro has overseen the implementation of various economic policies, leading to the rapid centralization of cuba's economy, land reform, collectivization and mechanization of agriculture, and the expropriation of leading cuban industries.	at home, fidel castro has overseen the implementation of various economic policies, leading to the rapid centralization of cuba's economy, land reform, collectivization and mechanization of agriculture, and the nationalization of leading cuban industries.
koblenz lies in the rhineland, 92 kilometers (57 miles) southeast of cologne by rail, pleasantly situated on the left bank of the rhine at its confluence with the moselle.	koblenz lies in the rhineland, 92 kilometers (57 miles) southeast of cologne by rail, situated on the left bank of the rhine at its confluence with the moselle.
francesca martinez (born 1978) is an english stand-up comedienne and actress, born in london to a spanish father and half-swedish, half-english mother.	francesca martinez (born 1978) is an english stand-up comedian and actress, born in london to a spanish father and half-swedish, half-english mother.
halfway tram stop is a small tram interchange used by passengers on the great orme tramway to connect between trams.	halfway tram stop is a tram interchange used by passengers on the great orme tramway to connect between trams.
culture and society is a book published in 1958 by welsh leftist writer raymond williams, exploring how the notion of culture developed in the west, especially great britain, from the eighteenth through the twentieth centuries.	culture and society is a book published in 1958 by welsh progressive writer raymond williams, exploring how the notion of culture developed in the west, especially great britain, from the eighteenth through the twentieth centuries.
james brady callan is a former roman catholic priest and one of the founders of the spiritus christi sect in rochester, new york.	james brady callan is a former roman catholic priest and one of the founders of the spiritus christi faith community in rochester, new york.
ultimately, calley only served 3½ years of house arrest in his quarters at fort benning, georgia.	ultimately, calley served 3½ years of house arrest in his quarters at fort benning, georgia.
popular evangelical author philip yancey gave a presentation at avondale college church on 20 october 2001, which was broadcast throughout the south pacific division.	evangelical author philip yancey gave a presentation at avondale college church on 20 october 2001, which was broadcast throughout the south pacific division.
qena has excellent network of streets, roads and highways with greenery and flowered pavements.	qena has a network of streets, roads and highways with greenery and flowered pavements.
additionally, it has many excellent restaurants, such as caf bizou, which is well-known throughout the city.	additionally, it has many restaurants, such as caf bizou, which is well-known throughout the city.
lawrie formed the band as an evening class for enthusiastic amateur wind players and it was then known as the brighton hill centre band.	lawrie formed the band as an evening class for amateur wind players and it was then known as the brighton hill centre band.
a similar catastrophe occurred almost a century later, after britain had extended its rule across the indian subcontinent, when 40 million indians perished from famine amidst the collapse of india's indigenous industries.	a similar catastrophe occurred almost a century later, after britain had extended its rule across the indian subcontinent, when 40 million indians perished from famine , which one view holds was due to the collapse of india's indigenous industries.
california is known for its fantastic climate and ethnically diverse population.	california is known for its pleasant climate and ethnically diverse population.
the greater cincinnati area is also home to several regional orchestras and youth orchestras, including the renowned starling chamber orchestra.	the greater cincinnati area is also home to several regional orchestras and youth orchestras, including the starling chamber orchestra.
tuva voluntarily became a part of the soviet union in 1944, with the approval of tuva's little khural (parliament).	tuva became a part of the soviet union in 1944, with the approval of tuva's little khural (parliament).
red (stylized as red and r3d) is a christian american rock band from nashville, tennessee, formed in 2004. the band's lineup consists of singer michael barnes, guitarist anthony armstrong, bassist randy armstrong and drummer joe rickard.	red (stylized as red and r3d) is a american rock band from nashville, tennessee, formed in 2004. the band's lineup consists of singer michael barnes, guitarist anthony armstrong, bassist randy armstrong and drummer joe rickard.
it planned to move to a permanent site in whitton, on the bridge farm nursery site, next to heathfield recreation ground in 2020.the proposed site has caused controversy due to the metropolitan open land designation.	it planned to move to a permanent site in whitton, on the bridge farm nursery site, next to heathfield recreation ground in 2020.the proposed site has resulted in controversy due to the metropolitan open land designation.
the people's court was a court established in 1934 by german liberator adolf hitler, who had been dissatisfied with the outcome of the reichstag fire trial (all but one of the accused were acquitted).	the people's court was a court established in 1934 by german chancellor adolf hitler, who had been dissatisfied with the outcome of the reichstag fire trial (all but one of the accused were acquitted).
while initially special sl versions were required for smm, intel incorporated smm in its mainline 486 and pentium processors in 1993. amd copied intel's smm with the enhanced am486 processors in 1994. it is available in all later microprocessors in the x86 architecture.	while initially special sl versions were required for smm, intel incorporated smm in its mainline 486 and pentium processors in 1993. amd implemented intel's smm with the enhanced am486 processors in 1994. it is available in all later microprocessors in the x86 architecture.
(this was not part of sherman's brutal march to the sea, which occurred more than a year later.	(this was not part of sherman's march to the sea, which occurred more than a year later.
"another ""white"" demographic element (although they may well be frenchmen of different ethnic backgrounds) in the colony is expatriates from metropolitan france who live there temporarily as functionaries."	"another ""white"" demographic element (although they may well be frenchmen of different ethnic backgrounds) in the territory is expatriates from metropolitan france who live there temporarily as functionaries."
under the older cronquist system, only the apiaceae and araliaceae were included here, and the restricted order was placed among the rosids rather than the asterids.	under the cronquist system, only the apiaceae and araliaceae were included here, and the restricted order was placed among the rosids rather than the asterids.
reutemann unfortunately did not win defending champion jackie stewart of the uk won in a tyrrell-ford/cosworth.	reutemann however did not win defending champion jackie stewart of the uk won in a tyrrell-ford/cosworth.
rosemary clooney (may 23, 1928 – june 29, 2002) was a popular american singer and actress.	rosemary clooney (may 23, 1928 – june 29, 2002) was a american singer and actress.
this ruthless crackdown became known as the hama massacre, which left tens of thousands both armed insurgents and civilians dead, although estimates of the death toll still vary.	this crackdown became known as the hama massacre, which left tens of thousands both armed insurgents and civilians dead, although estimates of the death toll still vary.
e. a. speiser, gerhard von rad, martin noth and many others have noted that genesis 14 does not appear to be derived from any of the usual pentateuchal sources.	e. a. speiser, gerhard von rad, martin noth and others have noted that genesis 14 does not appear to be derived from any of the usual pentateuchal sources.
father yusuf akbulut is a orthodox assyrian priest from st. mary's church in diyarbakr,turkey.	father yusuf akbulut is a orthodox priest from st. mary's church in diyarbakr,turkey.
iromans great website about carlisle and the regions roman history	iromans website about carlisle and the regions roman history
the article showed that wireless communications is an inefficient means for potential communication over interstellar distances owing to both the unavoidable reduction of signal strength as distance squared and that information can be densely encoded (inscribed) in matter.	the article arged that wireless communications is an inefficient means for potential communication over interstellar distances owing to both the unavoidable reduction of signal strength as distance squared and that information can be densely encoded (inscribed) in matter.
there has only been one known instance where divers were to be prosecuted: the thieves were arrested on assumed burglary as they had surmounted a supermarket's fence which was then followed by a theft complaint by the owner.	there has only been one known instance where divers were to be prosecuted: the individuals were arrested on assumed burglary as they had surmounted a supermarket's fence which was then followed by a theft complaint by the owner.
"the precise statement of the p versus np problem was introduced in 1971 by stephen cook in his seminal paper ""the complexity of theorem proving procedures"" and is considered by many to be the most important open problem in the field."	"the precise statement of the p versus np problem was introduced in 1971 by stephen cook in his paper ""the complexity of theorem proving procedures"" and is considered by many to be the most important open problem in the field."
australians use a variety of colourful terms to refer to people.	australians use a variety of terms to refer to people.
map of arab league states in dark green with non-arab areas in light green and somalia and mauritania in striped green due to their arab league membership but non-arab population.	map of arab league states in dark green with non-arab areas in light green and somalia and djibouti in striped green due to their arab league membership but non-arab population.
the population of len is mainly mestizo (about 70%), caucasian 15%, 10% indigenous and 5% other, including a fast growing asian (mainly korean) and brazilian population.	the population of len is mainly mestizo (about 70%), white 15%, 10% indigenous and 5% other, including a fast growing asian (mainly korean) and brazilian population.
in october 2015 the wall street journal noted that iran had recently carried out ballistic missile tests, announced the conviction of washington post journalist jason rezaian, launched military operations to maintain bashar al-assad's regime in syria, and continued shipping arms and money to houthi rebels in yemen, the latter two actions fueling fears of a broader regional war.	in october 2015 the wall street journal noted that iran had recently carried out ballistic missile tests, announced the conviction of washington post journalist jason rezaian, launched military operations to maintain bashar al-assad's administration in syria, and continued shipping arms and money to houthi rebels in yemen, the latter two actions fueling fears of a broader regional war.
since the late 1990s, anarchists have been known for their involvement in violent protests against world trade organization and group of eight meetings, and the world economic forum -- protests that are generally portrayed in mainstream media coverage as violent riots.	since the late 1990s, anarchists have been known for their involvement in protests against world trade organization and group of eight meetings, and the world economic forum -- protests that are generally portrayed in mainstream media coverage as violent riots.
some muslims who charge christians with having corrupted the bible, believe that the ebionites (as opposed to orthodox christians) who were faithful to the original teachings of jesus with shared views about jesus' humanity, despite muslims believing in the virgin birth whilst denying the crucifixion which was contrary to the beliefs of the ebionites.	some muslims who charge christians with having corrupted the bible, believe that the ebionites (as opposed to mainstream christians) who were faithful to the original teachings of jesus with shared views about jesus' humanity, despite muslims believing in the virgin birth whilst denying the crucifixion which was contrary to the beliefs of the ebionites.
warren holds reactionary conservative theological and political views.	warren holds conservative theological and political views.
this attitude is not usually shared by primitive systems of law.	this attitude is not usually shared by other systems of law.
sergei viktorovich popov (; born 1971) is a russian entrepreneur, businessman and investor who promotes business education and the support of promising young entrepreneurs in russia.	sergei viktorovich popov (; born 1971) is a russian entrepreneur, businessman and investor who promotes business education and the support of young entrepreneurs in russia.
in june, internet radio station punkradiocast teamed up with jones soda to create a punk pop 6 pack featuring labels designed by punkradiocast and five great punk artists new found glory, less than jake, bad brains, thursday and the gaslight anthem.	in june, internet radio station punkradiocast teamed up with jones soda to create a punk pop 6 pack featuring labels designed by punkradiocast and five punk artists new found glory, less than jake, bad brains, thursday and the gaslight anthem.
ceawlin was active during the last years of the anglo-saxon invasion , with little of southern england remaining in the control of the native britons by the time of his death.	ceawlin was active during the last years of the anglo-saxon expansion , with little of southern england remaining in the control of the native britons by the time of his death.
he died in 1976, leaving behind a fascinating collection of papers and manuscripts that is now catalogued in the national library.	he died in 1976, leaving behind a collection of papers and manuscripts that is now catalogued in the national library.
there have also been thousands of people injured, dozens kidnapped and a disputed number has gone to exile either to flee from the terrorist violence or to avoid capture by spanish or french police or by europol / interpol.	there have also been thousands of people injured, dozens kidnapped and a disputed number has gone to exile either to flee from the violence or to avoid capture by spanish or french police or by europol / interpol.
it also gained notoriety as being the favourite television programme of the then british prime minister, margaret thatcher.	it also gained notability as being the favourite television programme of the then british prime minister, margaret thatcher.
based on a study of 150 strategic moves spanning more than a hundred years and thirty industries, kim & mauborgne show that companies can succeed not by battling competitors, but rather by creating blue oceans of uncontested market space.	based on a study of 150 strategic moves spanning more than a hundred years and thirty industries, kim & mauborgne argue that companies can succeed not by battling competitors, but rather by creating blue oceans of uncontested market space.
as the player collects more ooze he/she will have the ability to scare different colored children, with the colors from easy to hard.	as the player collects more ooze , they will have the ability to scare different colored children, with the colors from easy to hard.
critics of mother teresa, most prominently christopher hitchens, tariq ali and aroup chatterjee, have argued that her organization provided substandard care, was primarily interested in converting the dying to catholicism, and used donations for missionary activities elsewhere, rather than being spent on improving the standard of health care.	critics of mother teresa, most notably christopher hitchens, tariq ali and aroup chatterjee, have argued that her organization provided substandard care, was primarily interested in converting the dying to catholicism, and used donations for missionary activities elsewhere, rather than being spent on improving the standard of health care.
in october 1983, john broke the united nations' cultural boycott on apartheid south africa by performing at the controversial sun city venue.	in october 1983, john broke the united nations' cultural boycott on apartheid south africa by performing at the sun city venue.
the film drew attention at the time for similarities to the clinton sex scandal, although the movie also makes reference to the second gulf war as an example of war used as an electoral tactic.	the film drew attention at the time for similarities to the clinton sex scandal, although the movie also makes reference to the persian gulf war as an example of war used as an electoral tactic.
dave andreychuk, former nhl hockey star	dave andreychuk, former nhl hockey player
19571959: last chance and surprising breakthrough	19571959: last chance and breakthrough
wright has a brother, oscar, who is a talented comic book artist, contributing storyboards, conceptual art and promotional pictures for edgar's films.	wright has a brother, oscar, who is a comic book artist, contributing storyboards, conceptual art and promotional pictures for edgar's films.
this radical concept was practiced in california by proposition 209, passed in 1996 to prohibit the state's use of race in decisions on employment and college admissions.	this concept was practiced in california by proposition 209, passed in 1996 to prohibit the state's use of race in decisions on employment and college admissions.
on january 29 2007, kufuor was elected as the next chairman of the african union for the 2007-2008 au session	on january 29 2007, kufuor was elected as the next chairperson of the african union for the 2007-2008 au session
note: geri jewell guest stars as blair's cousin, comedienne 'geri tyler'.	note: geri jewell guest stars as blair's cousin, comedian 'geri tyler'.
poaching is the illegal raping of wild plants or animals contrary to local and international conservation and wildlife management laws.it is also referred to hunting for fun.violations of hunting laws and regulations are normally punishable by law and, collectively, such violations are known as poaching.	poaching is the illegal taking of wild plants or animals contrary to local and international conservation and wildlife management laws.it is also referred to hunting for fun.violations of hunting laws and regulations are normally punishable by law and, collectively, such violations are known as poaching.
scituate is a small seacoast town in plymouth county, massachusetts, united states, on cape cod bay midway between boston and plymouth.	scituate is a seacoast town in plymouth county, massachusetts, united states, on cape cod bay midway between boston and plymouth.
on 20 february 2015, the levant front successfully forced the syrian army forces to retreat from rural towns in aleppo; during the clashes group has killed 300 syrian soldiers and kidnaped 110.	on 20 february 2015, the levant front successfully forced the syrian army forces to retreat from rural towns in aleppo; during the clashes group has killed 300 syrian soldiers and captured 110.
this principle is interpreted differently in different jurisdictions, which also recognize different hierarchy of legal norms.	this principle is interpreted differently in different jurisdictions, which also have differinf views on the different hierarchy of legal norms.
the center for economic policy research's (cepr) dean baker (2006) has shown that the driving force behind rising inequality in the united states has been a series of deliberate, neoliberal policy choices including anti-inflationary bias, anti-unionism, and profiteering in the health industry.	the center for economic policy research's (cepr) dean baker (2006) has argued that the driving force behind rising inequality in the united states has been a series of deliberate, neoliberal policy choices including anti-inflationary bias, anti-unionism, and profiteering in the health industry.
cuno's government is best known for its failed passive resistance of the french occupation of the ruhr (1922 - 23).	cuno's government is best known for its passive resistance of the french occupation of the ruhr (1922 - 23).
zylom is a premium distributor, developer and publisher of pc-based casual games.	zylom is a distributor, developer and publisher of pc-based casual games.
his tragic death was second great blow to jana sangh after dr mookerjee's death.	his death was second great blow to jana sangh after dr mookerjee's death.
the next highest estimate is that of conservative commentator csar vidal in 2004, who published a list with 4,021 names of those killed.	the next highest estimate is that of commentator csar vidal in 2004, who published a list with 4,021 names of those killed.
"kenneth stanley ""bud"" adams, jr. (born 1923 in bartlesville, oklahoma) is a businessman who stole the houston oilers franchise from houston, tx."	"kenneth stanley ""bud"" adams, jr. (born 1923 in bartlesville, oklahoma) is a businessman who moved the houston oilers franchise from houston, tx."
attacks by the anti-defamation league	criticism by the anti-defamation league
this is due to plant material in flooded areas decaying in an anaerobic environment, and forming methane, a potent greenhouse gas.	this is due to plant material in flooded areas decaying in an anaerobic environment, and forming methane, a greenhouse gas.
the corollary is that employees who are dedicated to their current jobs will not be promoted for their efforts, but might, instead, receive a pay rise .	the corollary is that employees who are dedicated to their current jobs will not be promoted for their efforts, but might, instead, receive a pay increase .
he and mayor george moscone were assassinated in 1978. his assassin, dan white, was sentenced to only seven years in prison.	he and mayor george moscone were assassinated in 1978. his assassin, dan white, was sentenced to seven years in prison.
succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency is a disease which causes ghb to accumulate in the blood, producing similar effects to ghb abuse .	succinic semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency is a disease which causes ghb to accumulate in the blood, producing similar effects to ghb.
the party has a history of right-wing activism, and openly supported ian smith and the racist rhodesian regime.	the party has a history of right-wing activism, and openly supported ian smith and the rhodesian regime.
it is not the preferred route between houston and corpus christi, which consists largely of us 59 and us 77.	it is not the shortest or quickest route between houston and corpus christi, which consists largely of us 59 and us 77.
during the 2008 war in ossetia, the unrecognized republic of abkhazia joined forces with the ossetians and opened a second front against georgia.	during the 2008 war in ossetia, the republic of abkhazia joined forces with the ossetians and opened a second front against georgia.
guccione had a 2 sets to 0 lead but unfortunately lost the match in 5 sets.	guccione had a 2 sets to 0 lead but lost the match in 5 sets.
chinese reunification is often stereotyped as being the ideology of the mainlander community on taiwan, although there are many non-mainlanders who support reunification and some mainlanders who oppose it.	chinese reunification is often stereotyped as being the ideology of the mainlander community on taiwan, although there are some non-mainlanders who support reunification and some mainlanders who oppose it.
for that, the skull kid challenges him by playing a cruel game of hide-and-seek with him, and link must find skull kid several times before he will lead him to where he needs to be.	for that, the skull kid challenges him by playing a game of hide-and-seek with him, and link must find skull kid several times before he will lead him to where he needs to be.
"mark strauss of the right-of-centre political magazine foreign policy links it to anti-globalism, describing it as ""the medieval image of the 'christ-killing' jew resurrected on the editorial pages of cosmopolitan european newspapers."	"mark strauss of the political magazine foreign policy links it to anti-globalism, describing it as ""the medieval image of the 'christ-killing' jew resurrected on the editorial pages of cosmopolitan european newspapers."
in 2003 phillip jensen was appointed as dean of st andrew's cathedral in sydney, where he currently rules .	in 2003 phillip jensen was appointed as dean of st andrew's cathedral in sydney, where he currently serves .
soon, news stories began reporting various absurd capitalizations on the notoriety of the case.	soon, news stories began reporting various capitalizations on the notoriety of the case.
he is particularly remembered for his three-volume diary, a hilarious account of political life under thatcher, and a moving description of the weeks preceding his death, when he continued to write until he could no longer focus on the page.	he is particularly remembered for his three-volume diary, a candid account of political life under thatcher, and a moving description of the weeks preceding his death, when he continued to write until he could no longer focus on the page.
despite his involvement in one of boxing's biggest scandals, panama lewis is regrettably able to continue to work as a trainer.	despite his involvement in one of boxing's biggest scandals, panama lewis is able to continue to work as a trainer.
"while kauffman stated in a disclaimer that ""any recommendations... are based on studies published in peer-reviewed scientific journals."	"kauffman stated in a disclaimer that ""any recommendations... are based on studies published in peer-reviewed scientific journals."
since the occupation of east jerusalem in 1967, jewish organizations have sought to re-establish a jewish presence in silwan.	since the occupation of east jerusalem in 1967, jewish organizations have sought to build a jewish presence in silwan.
sourcewatch (formerly disinfopedia), is an internet site which is a collaborative project of the left-wing center for media and democracy (cmd).	sourcewatch (formerly disinfopedia), is an internet site which is a collaborative project of the progressive center for media and democracy (cmd).
many households speak another language other than english, many of these include chinese languages , hindi, italian and vietnamese.	many households speak another language other than english, many of these include chinese, hindi, italian and vietnamese.
the group's facility was memorably featured in a scene from the 1992 experimental documentary film baraka.	the group's facility was featured in a scene from the 1992 experimental documentary film baraka.
hold your wee for a wii tragedy	hold your wee for a wii contest and death
on june 1, 2006, a daily bus service began between gilgit, fana, pakistan administered kashmir and kashghar, china, through the sust and tashkorgan border area.	on june 1, 2006, a daily bus service began between gilgit, fana, pakistan azad kashmir and kashghar, china, through the sust and tashkorgan border area.
south indian cuisine, also sometimes referred as dravidian cuisine, is a term used to refer to the cuisines found in the four southern states of india: andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala and tamil nadu.	south indian cuisine, also referred as dravidian cuisine, is a term used to refer to the cuisines found in the four southern states of india: andhra pradesh, karnataka, kerala and tamil nadu.
it usually refers to the leafy outer covering of an ear of maize (corn) as it grows on the plant.	it often refers to the leafy outer covering of an ear of maize (corn) as it grows on the plant.
the term is also frequently used to describe a location for the same purpose that is open to people of both genders at risk.	the term is also frequently used to describe a location for the same purpose that is open to people of all genders at risk.
according to green, a technology can be thought of as a neutral entity only when the soci -cultural context and issues circulating the specific technology are removed, it will be then visible to us that there lies a relationship of social groups and power provided through the possession of technologies.	according to green, a technology can be thought of as a neutral entity only when the socio -cultural context and issues circulating the specific technology are removed, it will be then visible to us that there lies a relationship of social groups and power provided through the possession of technologies.
jane austen (16 december 1775 18 july 1817) was an english novelist, whose realism, biting social commentary and masterly use of free indirect speech, burlesque, and irony have earned her a place as one of the most widely read and most beloved writers in english literature.	jane austen (16 december 1775 18 july 1817) was an english novelist, whose realism, biting social commentary and use of free indirect speech, burlesque, and irony have earned her a place as one of the most widely read and most beloved writers in english literature.
in contrast to the religious conversion experience central to the aa program, with one exception, rr remains mostly neutral on the subject of religiosity and sobriety, ...rr is not interested in having people give up any of their religious beliefs; it's just none of our business what people believe about gods and saints.	in contrast to the religious conversion experience central to the aa program, with one exception, rr remains neutral on the subject of religiosity and sobriety, ...rr is not interested in having people give up any of their religious beliefs; it's just none of our business what people believe about gods and saints.
if you place an aon order requesting 100 shares of jkl co. at $2, your stockbroker will not fill that order unless s/he can obtain the entire 100 shares at $2; if jkl co. shares are in such high demand that there are only 50 shares available for purchase, then you must wait until the entirety of your order, 100 shares, is available for purchase.	if you place an aon order requesting 100 shares of jkl co. at $2, your stockbroker will not fill that order unless they can obtain the entire 100 shares at $2; if jkl co. shares are in such high demand that there are only 50 shares available for purchase, then you must wait until the entirety of your order, 100 shares, is available for purchase.
the festival attracts some of the most famous irish musical acts, including the bigoted wolfe tones.	the festival attracts some of the most famous irish musical acts, including the wolfe tones.
the war began on the day of yom kippur with a surprise joint attack by egypt and syria crossing the cease-fire lines in the sinai and golan heights, respectively, which had been captured by israel in 1967 during the six-day war.	the war began on the day of yom kippur with a surprise joint attack by egypt and syria crossing the cease-fire lines in the sinai and golan heights, respectively, which had been invaded by israel in 1967 during the six-day war.
it was the land of varazim, of the euracini tribe , who owned it in roman times and gave his name to it.	it was the land of varazim, of the euracini roman family , who owned it in roman times and gave his name to it.
in 1556 in service to ivan the terrible he helped lead two raids of ukrainian cossacks and russians against the crimean tatars around ochakiv.	in 1556 in service to ivan the terrible he helped lead two raids of cossacks and russians against the crimean tatars around ochakiv.
it commemorates the assassination of the righteous governor of judah of that name, which ended any level of jewish rule following the destruction of the first temple.	it commemorates the assassination of the governor of judah of that name, which ended any level of jewish rule following the destruction of the first temple.
— to the ethical — what should the balance be between an individual's right of self-defense through gun ownsership and the government 's interest in maintaining public safety?	— to the ethical — what should the balance be between an individual's right of self-defense through gun ownsership and the people 's interest in maintaining public safety?
complementing this mix are four anchor stores, four cinemas and a wide array of satisfying shopping, dining, amusement and service outlets.	complementing this mix are four anchor stores, four cinemas and a wide array of shopping, dining, amusement and service outlets.
ridnour is a devout christian.	ridnour is a christian.
media matters has falsely argued that their item was accurate and included context and that limbaugh and his defenders sought to remove context to cast his remarks in a more favorable light.	media matters has argued that their item was accurate and included context and that limbaugh and his defenders sought to remove context to cast his remarks in a more favorable light.
the times has never been a financial success and has only about one-seventh of the circulation of its major competitor in washington, the washington post.	the times has never been a financial success and has about one-seventh of the circulation of its major competitor in washington, the washington post.
vitaphone was a sound film process used on features and nearly 2,000 short subjects produced by warner brothers and its sister studio first national from 1926 to 1930. vitaphone was the last, but most successful, of the so-called sound-on-disc processes.	vitaphone was a sound film process used on features and nearly 2,000 short subjects produced by warner brothers and its sister studio first national from 1926 to 1930. vitaphone was the last, but most successful, of the sound-on-disc processes.
"fenton has been strongly criticized by some for ""spreading fear"" related to some environmental issues, such as pesticide control, while having only weak evidence to support their position."	"fenton has been criticized by some for ""spreading fear"" related to some environmental issues, such as pesticide control, while having only weak evidence to support their position."
"the welsh verb dysgu (meaning both to learn and to teach) is mistranslated in the common wenglish form, ""he learned me to drive,"" in place of the correct english usage, ""he taught me to drive,"" although the reverse error is not usually heard."	"the welsh verb dysgu (meaning both to learn and to teach) is mistranslated in the common wenglish form, ""he learned me to drive,"" in place of the english english usage, ""he taught me to drive,"" although the reverse error is not usually heard."
femininity (also called womanliness) refers to qualities and behaviors stereotypically associated with women and girls, whether they be inborn or socialized.	femininity (also called womanliness) refers to qualities and behaviors generally believed to be associated with women and girls, whether they be inborn or socialized.
"in 1981, hearns the wba champion, with a 32-0 record (30 kos), fought world boxing council champion sugar ray leonard (30-1) to unify the world welterweight championship in a classic bout dubbed ""the showdown""."	"in 1981, hearns the wba champion, with a 32-0 record (30 kos), fought world boxing council champion sugar ray leonard (30-1) to unify the world welterweight championship in a bout dubbed ""the showdown""."
in april 2009, rhydian performed again for the royal family - at the prince's trust celebrates success awards.	in april 2009, roberts performed again for the royal family - at the prince's trust celebrates success awards.
in an ongoing dispute, the prc claims sovereignty over taiwan and some nearby islands, which have been actually controlled by the republic of china since 1949. the prc asserts the republic of china to be an illegitimate and supplanted entity and administratively categorizes taiwan as a province of the prc.	in an ongoing dispute, the prc claims sovereignty over taiwan and some nearby islands, which have been controlled by the republic of china since 1949. the prc asserts the republic of china to be an illegitimate and supplanted entity and administratively categorizes taiwan as a province of the prc.
many feminists today argue that feminism is a grass-roots movement that seeks to cross boundaries based on social class, race, culture, and religion; is culturally specific and addresses issues relevant to the women of that society (for example female genital mutilation in sudan or the alleged glass ceiling in developed economies); and debate the extent to which certain issues, such as rape, incest, and mothering, are universal.	many feminists today argue that feminism is a grass-roots movement that seeks to cross boundaries based on social class, race, culture, and religion; is culturally specific and addresses issues relevant to the women of that society (for example female genital cutting in sudan or the alleged glass ceiling in developed economies); and debate the extent to which certain issues, such as rape, incest, and mothering, are universal.
capitalism has also been called free market economy, free enterprise system, economic liberalism, and laissez-faire economy.	capitalism has also been referred to as, by various sources, free market economy, free enterprise system, economic liberalism, and laissez-faire economy.
further controversy erupted over her flip-flopping regarding the release of her husband's tax returns.	further controversy erupted over her changing positions regarding the release of her husband's tax returns.
after the extraordinary economic policy of war communism during the civil war, the soviet government permitted some private enterprise to coexist with nationalized industry in the 1920s and total food requisition in the countryside was replaced by a food tax (see new economic policy).	after the economic policy of war communism during the civil war, the soviet government permitted some private enterprise to coexist with nationalized industry in the 1920s and total food requisition in the countryside was replaced by a food tax (see new economic policy).
the notion of a fifth veda (sanskrit: ), that is, of a text which lies outside than the four canonical vedas but nonetheless has the status of a veda, is one that has been advanced in a number of post-vedic hindu texts, in order to invest a particular text or texts and their doctrines with the timelessness and authority that hinduism associates with the vedas.	the notion of a fifth veda (sanskrit: ), that is, of a text which lies outside than the four canonical vedas but nonetheless has the status of a veda, is one that has been advanced in a number of post-vedic hindu texts, in order to accord a particular text or texts and their doctrines with the timelessness and authority that hinduism associates with the vedas.
the peninsula is located south of the ukrainian mainland and west of the russian region of kuban.	the peninsula is located south of the ukrainian region of kherson and west of the russian region of kuban.
michael stone (born circa 1955 in belfast) is a loyalist paramilitary terrorist from the braniel estate in east belfast, northern ireland.	michael stone (born circa 1955 in belfast) is a loyalist paramilitary member from the braniel estate in east belfast, northern ireland.
plying his trade with manang marshyangdi club of the nepalese top tier, ndabila put in a number of impeccable performances for the club, including a goal to help them reach the final of the 2013 ncell cup and a hat-trick in the semi-final of the 2013 bhutan king's cup.	plying his trade with manang marshyangdi club of the nepalese top tier, ndabila put in a number of performances for the club, including a goal to help them reach the final of the 2013 ncell cup and a hat-trick in the semi-final of the 2013 bhutan king's cup.
it occurred after the turkish army regained control of the city on 9 september 1922, thus effectively ending the greco-turkish war (1919-1922) more than three years after the greek army had invaded the city on 15 may 1919. the fire started in the largely armenian basmane quarter, destroying an important part of the 'inner-city' (there were several) greek quarter of alsancak and the business district along the sea front (kordon).	it occurred after the turkish army regained control of the city on 9 september 1922, thus effectively ending the greco-turkish war (1919-1922) more than three years after the greek army had landed in the city on 15 may 1919. the fire started in the largely armenian basmane quarter, destroying an important part of the 'inner-city' (there were several) greek quarter of alsancak and the business district along the sea front (kordon).
sir james paul mccartney, mbe (born 18 june 1942) is an iconic english singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist who first gained worldwide fame as one of the founding members of the beatles.	sir james paul mccartney, mbe (born 18 june 1942) is an english singer, songwriter and multi-instrumentalist who first gained worldwide fame as one of the founding members of the beatles.
they strongly reject the word rastafarianism, because they see themselves as having transcended isms and schisms.	they reject the word rastafarianism, because they see themselves as having transcended isms and schisms.
in the game where new head coach bill o'brien celebrated his first victory at penn state, the lions defeated navy 34-7. senior quarterback matt mcgloin threw for 231 yards (13-21) and 4 touchdowns including three to sophomore wide receiver allen robinson who had 5 catches for 136 yards.	in the game where new head coach bill o'brien celebrated his first victory at penn state, the lions sank navy 34-7. senior quarterback matt mcgloin threw for 231 yards (13-21) and 4 touchdowns including three to sophomore wide receiver allen robinson who had 5 catches for 136 yards.
cyrus frisch (amsterdam, 1969) is an acclaimed dutch avant-garde filmmaker.	cyrus frisch (amsterdam, 1969) is an dutch avant-garde filmmaker.
this distinction between the permanent moral precepts and the transient ceremonial and judicial precepts of the law of moses is unrelated to the question of the evangelical counsels, which concerns counsels given by jesus in the gospels, recommending actions not directly found in the law of moses.	this distinction between the permanent moral precepts and the transient ceremonial and judicial precepts of the law of moses is not directly related to the question of the evangelical counsels, which concerns counsels given by jesus in the gospels, recommending actions not directly found in the law of moses.
california assemblyman leland yee used the situation to rebuke them both and has cited this as another case of the esrb not doing its job.	california assemblyman leland yee used the situation to rebuke them both and has cited this as a case of the esrb not doing its job.
however, the association of any number with the concept of luck is a superstition.	however, the association of any number with the concept of luck has almost universally dismissed as a superstition.
in light of its proximity to northern states and strong anti-secession sentiment in east tennessee (which eventually tried to form a separate union-aligned state), tennessee became the last state to officially secede from the union on june 8, 1861, although it had effectively joined the confederacy a month earlier.	in light of its proximity to northern states and strong anti-secession sentiment in east tennessee (which eventually tried to form a separate union-aligned state), tennessee became the last state to officially declare secession from the union on june 8, 1861, although it had effectively joined the confederacy a month earlier.
according to the forbes 100, leno earned $32 million in 2005, which is surprisingly less than his rival david letterman, who tops leno by $8 million with a $40 million paycheck in 2005. letterman apparently owns the rights to his program, as opposed to leno who inherited the long-running tonight show.	according to the forbes 100, leno earned $32 million in 2005, which is less than his rival david letterman, who tops leno by $8 million with a $40 million paycheck in 2005. letterman apparently owns the rights to his program, as opposed to leno who inherited the long-running tonight show.
appointed club captain in 1958, he tragically injured a knee in a practice match and never played vfl football again.	appointed club captain in 1958, he injured a knee in a practice match and never played vfl football again.
following the award ceremony, guests can enjoy picnic lunches before open studio tours, which are hosted by macdowell artists-in-residence.	following the award ceremony, guests can have picnic lunches before open studio tours, which are hosted by macdowell artists-in-residence.
full relief from the oppressive tax was not achieved until the irish church act 1869, which disestablished the church of ireland, by the gladstone government in 1869.	full relief from the tax was not achieved until the irish church act 1869, which disestablished the church of ireland, by the gladstone government in 1869.
when nixon took office, about 300 american soldiers were dying each week in vietnam, and the war was broadly unpopular in the united states, with violent protests against the war ongoing.	when nixon took office, about 300 american soldiers were dying each week in vietnam, and the war was broadly unpopular in the united states, with protests against the war ongoing.
it is anticipated to be the first american vehicle to visit the iss since the space shuttle retirement.	it is expected to be the first american vehicle to visit the iss since the space shuttle retirement.
gelignite was used by the provisional ira during the early years of their revolutionary campaign against british forces and unionist terrorists in northern ireland, but was later replaced by semtex, a much more powerful plastic explosive, supplied by the libyan government.	gelignite was used by the provisional ira during the early years of their revolutionary campaign against british forces and unionist militants in northern ireland, but was later replaced by semtex, a much more powerful plastic explosive, supplied by the libyan government.
according to the animal rights organization peta the minimum cage size recommended by zoos for each chimpanzee, orangutan, or gorilla is a pathetic 14 feet by 14 feet by 10 feet.	according to the animal rights organization peta the minimum cage size recommended by zoos for each chimpanzee, orangutan, or gorilla is a 14 feet by 14 feet by 10 feet.
heather trott (previously peterson) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by cheryl fergison.	heather trott (previously peterson) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by cheryl fergison.
shergar (born 1978. sire: great nephew, dam: sharmeen) was an impressive racehorse, and winner of the 1981 epsom derby by a record 10 lengths, the longest winning margin in the race's 226-year history.	shergar (born 1978. sire: great nephew, dam: sharmeen) was an acclaimed racehorse, and winner of the 1981 epsom derby by a record 10 lengths, the longest winning margin in the race's 226-year history.
in the united states, the banking industry is a highly regulated industry with detailed and focused regulators.	in the united states, the banking industry is a regulated industry with detailed and focused regulators.
rose sees that freedom assists governments and exploitation.	rose believes that freedom assists governments and exploitation.
as an aspiring songwriter, taylor has worked with and written records for major artists such as usher, chris brown, and omarion.	as an aspiring songwriter, taylor has worked with and written records for artists such as usher, chris brown, and omarion.
hoax , in that both presumed the existence of large, organized satanic cults and societies.	), in that both presumed the existence of large, organized satanic cults and societies.
originally a single work, chronicles divided into two in the centuries immediately before christ .	originally a single work, chronicles divided into two in the centuries immediately before jesus .
the protests were based on concerns that the bills, intended to provide more robust responses to copyright infringement (colloquially known as piracy) arising outside the united states, contained ill-conceived measures that would in fact cause great harm to online freedom of speech, websites, and internet communities, and that there were insufficient safeguards in place to protect sites based upon user-generated content.	the protests were based on concerns that the bills, intended to provide more robust responses to copyright infringement (colloquially known as piracy) arising outside the united states, contained measures that would in fact cause great harm to online freedom of speech, websites, and internet communities, and that there were insufficient safeguards in place to protect sites based upon user-generated content.
anthony watts uses the blog to discuss and promote other work, most significantly his analysis of terrestrial us weather stations, sometimes referred to by its domain, surfacestations.org.	anthony watts uses the blog to discuss and highlight other work, most significantly his analysis of terrestrial us weather stations, sometimes referred to by its domain, surfacestations.org.
the first recorded states on the territory of today's republic of macedonia was the kingdom of paionia, which covered the northern and eastern regions of the axius river valley and the greek kingdom of macedon	the first recorded states on the territory of today's republic of macedonia was the kingdom of paionia, which covered the northern and eastern regions of the axius river valley and the kingdom of macedon
he was considered an up-and-coming athlete who had begun to break into the russian national team in 2015. he won the silver medal at the 2015 world modern pentathlon championships in the men's relay together with kirill belyakov in june 2015. on 27 november 2015, when he was only 22 years old, he was found death in a hotel room in moscow after a suspected hearth attack.	he was considered an up-and-coming athlete who had begun to break into the russian national team in 2015. he won the silver medal at the 2015 world modern pentathlon championships in the men's relay together with kirill belyakov in june 2015. on 27 november 2015, when he was 22 years old, he was found death in a hotel room in moscow after a suspected hearth attack.
"he is also the author of delightful books of verse, ""well-versed cats"" and ""well-versed dogs"" which are both illustrated by lalla ward."	"he is also the author of books of verse, ""well-versed cats"" and ""well-versed dogs"" which are both illustrated by lalla ward."
camping taught that the world would end in september of 1994, march of 1995, may 21, 2011, and again on october 21st, 2011 using the following flawed reasoning:	camping taught that the world would end in september of 1994, march of 1995, may 21, 2011, and again on october 21st, 2011 using the following numerological reasoning:
chelsea brown (december 6, 1942 march 27, 2017) was an american-born actress of television and film, comedienne and dancer, who appeared as a regular performer in comedy series rowan & martin's laugh-in.	chelsea brown (december 6, 1942 march 27, 2017) was an american-born actress of television and film, comedian and dancer, who appeared as a regular performer in comedy series rowan & martin's laugh-in.
in a way, beavis and butthead may have unfortunately contributed hardcore dancing to today's soceity.	in a way, beavis and butthead may have contributed hardcore dancing to today's soceity.
the use of the name is metaphorical as there is no link between the figurines and the roman goddess venus, although they have been speculated as representations of a primordial female goddess.	the use of the name is metaphorical as there is no link between the figurines and the roman goddess venus, although they have been interpreted as representations of a primordial female goddess.
"for the 4th us single, columbia records used ""soul free"" as the a-side and ""cowboys and angels"" as the b-side, but unfortunately the single did not chart."	"for the 4th us single, columbia records used ""soul free"" as the a-side and ""cowboys and angels"" as the b-side, but the single did not chart."
the following organizations have been claimed to be established by the kgb according to the allegations of highest ranking soviet block intelligence defector ion mihai pacepa: plo, national liberation army of bolivia (created in 1964 with help from ernesto che guevara); the national liberation army of colombia (created in 1965 with help from fidel castro), democratic front for the liberation of palestine in 1969, and the secret army for liberation of armenia in 1975.	the following organizations have been claimed to be established with assistance from the kgb according to the allegations of highest ranking soviet block intelligence defector ion mihai pacepa: plo, national liberation army of bolivia (created in 1964 with help from ernesto che guevara); the national liberation army of colombia (created in 1965 with help from fidel castro), democratic front for the liberation of palestine in 1969, and the secret army for liberation of armenia in 1975.
air france flight 4590 in flames, prior to the tragedy	air france flight 4590 in flames, prior to the accident
niecy nash actress, comedienne , dancer, host of clean house tv show on style network	niecy nash actress, comedian , dancer, host of clean house tv show on style network
it is often considered synonymous with humanistic psychology.	it is sometimes considered synonymous with humanistic psychology .
the overwhelming majority of climate scientists agree that global warming is primarily caused by human activities such as fossil fuel burning and deforestation .	the majority of climate scientists agree that global warming is primarily caused by human activities such as fossil fuel burning and deforestation .
he currently resides in a yurt in ripton, vermont with his lovely daughter hattie.	he currently resides in a yurt in ripton, vermont with his daughter hattie.
there is currently no known organized opposition in north korea that is independently verifiable.	there is currently no known organized opposition within north korea that is independently verifiable.
muslim cham militants were armed with italian weaponry and committed many atrocities against greek civilians.	muslim cham militants were armed with italian weaponry and committed a number of atrocities against greek civilians.
the southern railway became an essential strategic war asset because its proximity to the continent, and desperately needed to equip itself with adequate freight handling capability to transport the vast quantities of supplies and troops required for the conflict.	the southern railway became an essential strategic war asset because its proximity to the continent, and needed to equip itself with adequate freight handling capability to transport the vast quantities of supplies and troops required for the conflict.
a revolving stage, brilliant acoustics and a foyer with a breathtaking view of the sea are just some of the things that make the tata theatre the venue of choice for both, performers and audiences.created by the renowned american modernist architect philip johnson and the legendary acoustician cyril harris, this theatre opened in 1982. today, it is mumbai's preferred venue for indian classical concerts, western chamber music and theatre.	a revolving stage, brilliant acoustics and a foyer with a scenic view of the sea are just some of the things that make the tata theatre the venue of choice for both, performers and audiences.created by the renowned american modernist architect philip johnson and the legendary acoustician cyril harris, this theatre opened in 1982. today, it is mumbai's preferred venue for indian classical concerts, western chamber music and theatre.
klitschko won by lopsided unanimous decision scoring a knockdown in round 2 from a flush jab, and 3 knockdowns in round 7 including one prompted from a big right uppercut.	klitschko won by unanimous decision scoring a knockdown in round 2 from a flush jab, and 3 knockdowns in round 7 including one prompted from a big right uppercut.
during the late 1970s, many comediennes appeared, joining the ranks of what had stereotypically been a male profession, including joan rivers, who began appearing on the tonight show starring johnny carson.	during the late 1970s, many female comedians appeared, joining the ranks of what had stereotypically been a male profession, including joan rivers, who began appearing on the tonight show starring johnny carson.
family feud is a popular television game show that pits two families against each other in a contest to name the most popular responses to a survey-type question posed to 100 people.	family feud is a television game show that pits two families against each other in a contest to name the most popular responses to a survey-type question posed to 100 people.
it is the oldest licensed airport in the uk, the art deco terminal building is listed as of historical interest and has also been used as a set for the filming of one of agatha christie's classic poirot stories, lord edgware dies, a crimewatch type reconstruction in 2000 by meridian television, an episode of the bbc tv series tenko as well as scenes from the film of dan brown's the da vinci code.	it is the oldest licensed airport in the uk, the art deco terminal building is listed as of historical interest and has also been used as a set for the filming of one of agatha christie's poirot stories, lord edgware dies, a crimewatch type reconstruction in 2000 by meridian television, an episode of the bbc tv series tenko as well as scenes from the film of dan brown's the da vinci code.
the bbc eventually issued a letter defending the anti-mexican jokes, stating that national stereotyping was a robust part of british humour, but apologizing to the mexican ambassador for the remarks made about him personally.	the bbc issued a letter defending the anti-mexican jokes, stating that national stereotyping was a robust part of british humour, but apologizing to the mexican ambassador for the remarks made about him personally.
"the proponents of the so-called ""normanist theory"" of the russian state - including nikolai karamzin (1766-1826) and later mikhail pogodin (1800-75) - gave credit to the claims of the primary chronicle that the varangians were invited by east slavs to rule over them and bring order."	"the proponents of the ""normanist theory"" of the russian state - including nikolai karamzin (1766-1826) and later mikhail pogodin (1800-75) - gave credit to the claims of the primary chronicle that the varangians were invited by east slavs to rule over them and bring order."
he ran as the republican candidate in the 1994 u.s. senate election in massachusetts, losing to popular incumbent ted kennedy.	he ran as the republican candidate in the 1994 u.s. senate election in massachusetts, losing to incumbent ted kennedy.
michael jerome stewart (1958, brooklyn, new york september 28, 1983) was an african american graffiti artist who received recognition after his death following an arrest by new york city transit police for scrawling graffiti on a subway station wall.	michael jerome stewart (1958, brooklyn, new york september 28, 1983) was an african american graffiti artist who received recognition after his death following an arrest by new york city transit police for spray-painting graffiti on a subway station wall.
"this new party brought over many umno top leaders who were supportive of razaleigh, aptly known as ""team b""."	"this new party brought over many umno top leaders who were supportive of razaleigh, known as ""team b""."
"acpo reported on the bill, saying that ""chief officers will welcome the introduction of powers to impose mandatory conditions on the supply of alcohol"", and ""includes other measures we welcome, such as those to close brothels and give police powers to protect neighbourhoods from the nuisance and harm they create; and strengthened legislation to support police operations to recover the proceeds of crime."""	"acpo commented on the bill, saying that ""chief officers will welcome the introduction of powers to impose mandatory conditions on the supply of alcohol"", and ""includes other measures we welcome, such as those to close brothels and give police powers to protect neighbourhoods from the nuisance and harm they create; and strengthened legislation to support police operations to recover the proceeds of crime."""
lawrence of arabia is a 1962 film based on the life of t. e. lawrence.	lawrence of arabia is an award-winning 1962 film based on the life of t. e. lawrence.
hughie thomasson's smooth stratocaster sound can be heard on the left channel.	hughie thomasson's distinctive stratocaster sound can be heard on the left channel.
in spring 2004 he was accepted into the prestigious american society of cinematographers.	in spring 2004 he was accepted into the american society of cinematographers.
after making unsuccessful attempts at being an actress and stand-up comedienne , elizabeth ray faded back into obscurity.	after making unsuccessful attempts at being an actress and stand-up comedian , elizabeth ray faded back into obscurity.
the monty hall problem is elegantly discussed, from the perspective of a boy with asperger's syndrome, in the curious incident of the dog in the night-time, a 2003 novel by mark haddon.	the monty hall problem is discussed, from the perspective of a boy with asperger's syndrome, in the curious incident of the dog in the night-time, a 2003 novel by mark haddon.
just a few years after the korean war, major fladmark, at 33 years of age, was killed in a tragic automobile accident in yuma, arizona on july 27, 1955.	just a few years after the korean war, major fladmark, at 33 years of age, was killed in a automobile accident in yuma, arizona on july 27, 1955.
due to innovations in securitization, it was thought the risks related to the inability of homeowners to meet mortgage payments had been distributed broadly, with a predictable series of consequential impacts.	due to innovations in securitization, it was thought the risks related to the inability of homeowners to meet mortgage payments had been distributed broadly, with a series of consequential impacts.
in 2010, dna tests showed hitler had jewish and african ancestry.	in 2010, dna tests claimed hitler had jewish and african ancestry.
this latter view of events was later discredited when one of the four men admitted that they planned to rob goetz; this does not, however, explain why goetz attempted to shoot one of wounded children who was cowering on a subway seat.	this latter view of events was later discredited when one of the four men admitted that they planned to rob goetz; this does not, however, explain why goetz attempted to shoot one of wounded assailants who was cowering on a subway seat.
the coffin or casket is usually placed on a catafalque, usually the lincoln catafalque, so named as it was constructed for lying in state upon the death of abraham lincoln, after his assassination in 1865. the casket is guarded at each of its corners by servicemen from each of the branches of the armed forces.	the coffin or casket is usually placed on a catafalque, usually the lincoln catafalque, so named as it was constructed for lying in state upon the death of abraham lincoln, after his assassination in 1865. the casket is guarded at each of its corners by a serviceperson from each of the branches of the armed forces.
the montreal-based performer is best known for his cheesey remix compilation albums, widely-marketed in canada since the 1990s, and for his syndicated weekly radio programs the mixdown and the party mix.	the montreal-based performer is best known for his remix compilation albums, widely-marketed in canada since the 1990s, and for his syndicated weekly radio programs the mixdown and the party mix.
"jackson also usually displays his incredible tapping ability during a ""billie jean"" set."	"jackson also usually displays his tapping ability during a ""billie jean"" set."
hggkvist has represented sweden at the eurovision song contest on three occasions: in 1983, finishing third; in 1991, winning the contest outright ; and in 2006, finishing fifth.	hggkvist has represented sweden at the eurovision song contest on three occasions: in 1983, finishing third; in 1991, winning the contest; and in 2006, finishing fifth.
this beginning comes through of a circumlocution for several well-founded reasons, since we are going to talk about the symbolic references of the trillos and the thresh in the bible, particularly in the old testament where the name of this artifact is mogag .	this beginning comes through of a circumlocution for several well-founded reasons, since we are going to talk about the symbolic references of the tribula and the thresh in the bible, particularly in the old testament where the name of this artifact is mogag .
despite a great start with three straight victories against greece, andorra, and macedonia, england could not avoid an embarrassing 0-0 draw against macedonia on home ground, nor a shocking 2-0 defeat to croatia in zagreb, which ended paul robinson's run of six consecutive clean sheets for his country.	despite a great start with three straight victories against greece, andorra, and macedonia, england could not avoid an embarrassing 0-0 draw against macedonia on home ground, nor a 2-0 defeat to croatia in zagreb, which ended paul robinson's run of six consecutive clean sheets for his country.
patricia van cleeve lake (between 1920 and 1923 – october 3, 1993), known as patricia lake, was an american socialite, actress, and radio comedienne .	patricia van cleeve lake (between 1920 and 1923 – october 3, 1993), known as patricia lake, was an american socialite, actress, and radio comedian .
foodler announced its partnership with levelup on february 26, 2014, bringing levelup's convenient payment and loyalty rewards programs to all customers and restaurants in its network.	foodler announced its partnership with levelup on february 26, 2014, bringing levelup's payment and loyalty rewards programs to all customers and restaurants in its network.
during the early war period, a non-aircraft related problem had emerged: the faulty torpedoes used by the u.s. navy had failed to explode (even on direct hits) on many occasions; prange mentions a likely problem in the magnetic detonation device (at midway, one submarine(uss nautilus (ss-168)) actually hit the sry with a faulty torpedo, although fortunately after it was already incapacitated).	during the early war period, a non-aircraft related problem had emerged: the faulty torpedoes used by the u.s. navy had failed to explode (even on direct hits) on many occasions; prange mentions a likely problem in the magnetic detonation device (at midway, one submarine (uss nautilus (ss-168)) actually hit the sry with a faulty torpedo, although after it was already incapacitated).
in 967, he embraced islam, by which kafur was highly pleased and appointed him as his courtier.	in 967, he converted to islam, by which kafur was highly pleased and appointed him as his courtier.
shortly after their return to uganda, one of the children died tragically from aids{	shortly after their return to uganda, one of the children died from aids{
"omar bakri muhammad, a lebanese terrorist , threatened mccartney with death, saying ""sacrifice operatives would be waiting for him."""	"omar bakri muhammad, a lebanese militant activist , threatened mccartney with death, saying ""sacrifice operatives would be waiting for him."""
mayor west is an intense, soft-spoken anti-communist lunatic whose delusional acts are often based on nonsensical ideas or thoughts and often come at great expense and sometimes risk to the taxpayers.	mayor west is an intense, soft-spoken lunatic whose delusional acts are often based on nonsensical ideas or thoughts and often come at great expense and sometimes risk to the taxpayers.
"the petition contains signatures of over 5,000 women declaring that they had an abortion and were ""unashamed of (the) decision"", including actresses amy brenneman and kathy najimy, comedienne carol leifer, and steinem herself."	"the petition contains signatures of over 5,000 women declaring that they had an abortion and were ""unashamed of (the) decision"", including actresses amy brenneman and kathy najimy, comedian carol leifer, and steinem herself."
lies by nischik, sumner, and glover	allegations by nischik, sumner, and glover
the 2014 crimean crisis is unfolding in the autonomous region of crimea, ukraine.	the 2014 crimean crisis is unfolding in the region of crimea, ukraine.
these included members of the illegal organization of ukrainian nationalists (oun), polish communist party (kpp) and national radical camp (onr), as well as members of the peasant party (sl) and polish socialist party (pps).	these included members of the organization of ukrainian nationalists (oun), polish communist party (kpp) and national radical camp (onr), as well as members of the peasant party (sl) and polish socialist party (pps).
marcia wallace, 70, american actress (the simpsons, the bob newhart show) and comedienne , pneumonia.	marcia wallace, 70, american actress (the simpsons, the bob newhart show) and comedian , pneumonia.
sanjay kapoor is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by deepak verma.	sanjay kapoor is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by deepak verma.
wwe superstar stone cold steve austin stars as a death row inmate who gets a rare second shot at life in director scott wiper's action thriller.	wwe wrestler stone cold steve austin stars as a death row inmate who gets a rare second shot at life in director scott wiper's action thriller.
the bnh an / ty vinh massacre was a series of massacres purportedly conducted by the rok capital division of the south korean army between february 12, 1966 and march 17, 1966 of 1,200 unarmed citizens in the go dai village and other areas in the rural commune of bnh an/ ty vinh area, ty sn district of bnh nh province in south vietnam.	the bnh an / ty vinh massacre was a series of massacres reportedly conducted by the rok capital division of the south korean army between february 12, 1966 and march 17, 1966 of 1,200 unarmed citizens in the go dai village and other areas in the rural commune of bnh an/ ty vinh area, ty sn district of bnh nh province in south vietnam.
the film is set in a fairytale world, with funny appearances from commonly known fairytale characters.	the film is set in a fairytale world, with appearances from commonly known fairytale characters.
the teachings of witness lee - analysis by the bereans	the teachings of witness lee - criticism by the bereans
butcher made his debut for ipswich against everton in the first division on 15 april 1978 and over the next eight seasons would establish himself as the club's top central defender, combining leadership with great aerial ability and amazing courage.	butcher made his debut for ipswich against everton in the first division on 15 april 1978 and over the next eight seasons would establish himself as the club's top central defender, combining leadership with great aerial ability and courage.
nedwolf - best free portable windows freeware apps	nedwolf - free portable windows freeware apps
in the aftermath of the country's severe depression in the early 1990s, successive governments have reformed the finnish economic system through some privatisation, deregulation, and tax cuts.	in the aftermath of the country's severe depression in the early 1990s, successive governments have changed the finnish economic system through some privatisation, deregulation, and tax cuts.
) is an american supermodel .	) is an american model .
the organization has no affiliation with the later ku klux klan, which unfortunately adopted roman-alphabet initials, kkk, similar to the greek letters of tri-kap.	the organization has no affiliation with the later ku klux klan, which adopted roman-alphabet initials, kkk, similar to the greek letters of tri-kap.
the munich massacre occurred at the 1972 summer olympics in munich, germany, when members of the israeli olympic team were taken hostage by the palestinian terrorist organization black september.	the munich massacre occurred at the 1972 summer olympics in munich, germany, when members of the israeli olympic team were taken hostage by the palestinian organization black september.
in 1986, she became a junior health minister, but was forced to resign in 1988 after she issued a mistaken warning about salmonella in british eggs.	in 1986, she became a junior health minister, but was forced to resign in 1988 after she issued a warning about salmonella in british eggs.
his greatest work, the later roman empire, 284-602 (1964), is considered the definitive narrative history of late rome and early byzantium, beginning with the reign of the roman tetrarch diocletian and ending with that of the byzantine emperor maurice.	his best-known work, the later roman empire, 284-602 (1964), is considered the definitive narrative history of late rome and early byzantium, beginning with the reign of the roman tetrarch diocletian and ending with that of the byzantine emperor maurice.
it is instead often pronounced as vnsnt vn f or vnsnt vn x in british english and vnsnt vn o in us english.	it is also often pronounced as vnsnt vn f or vnsnt vn x in british english and vnsnt vn o in us english.
however, the children have stated that they do not want to go back.	however, the youths have stated that they do not want to go back.
this circumstance led them into an unofficial opposition against the authoritarian system and in union's stadium alte frsterei the fans often were singing veiled chants against the political authorities.	this circumstance led them into an unofficial opposition against the socialist system and in union's stadium alte frsterei the fans often were singing veiled chants against the political authorities.
"the club's website stands by this claim, however other sources, most notably terry williams' book ""out of the blue (the history of newtown rlfc)"", refute this claim."	"the club's website stands by this claim, however other sources, most notably terry williams' book ""out of the blue (the history of newtown rlfc)"", dispute this claim."
a part of the population managed to flee the island, but those who didn't were either sold into slavery or slaughtered .	a part of the population managed to flee the island, but those who didn't were either sold into slavery or killed .
also, some evidence suggests that toxic levels might be higher for humans than for rats.	also, some evidence suggests that toxic levels may be higher for humans than for rats.
sanders acknowledges climate change as the greatest threat to national security.	sanders considers climate change as the greatest threat to national security.
he was chiefly identified with the socialists in england and the social democratic parties on the continent; but he was regarded by men of all opinions as an agitator whose motives had always been pure and disinterested.	he was chiefly identified with the socialists in england and the social democratic parties on the continent; but he was regarded by people of all opinions as an agitator whose motives had always been pure and disinterested.
"judaism (from the latin iudaismus, derived from the greek ioudasmos, and ultimately from the hebrew , yehudah, ""judah""; in hebrew: , yahadut) is a set of beliefs and practices originating in the hebrew bible, also known as the tanakh, and explored in later texts such as the talmud."	"judaism (from the latin iudaismus, derived from the greek ioudasmos, and ultimately from the hebrew , yehudah, ""judah""; in hebrew: , yahadut) is an abrahamic set of beliefs and practices originating in the hebrew bible, also known as the tanakh, and explored in later texts such as the talmud."
the family was apprehended in 1944 and anne frank unfortunately died of typhus in the bergen-belsen concentration camp.	the family was apprehended in 1944 and anne frank ultimately died of typhus in the bergen-belsen concentration camp.
connarty came very close, but forsyth was the eventual winner by a margin of just 948.	connarty came very close, but forsyth was the eventual winner by a margin of 948.
unfortunately , the eagles hung tough and their qb donovan mcnabb managed to lead his team back into the fray, despite having a sports hernia.	however , the eagles hung tough and their qb donovan mcnabb managed to lead his team back into the fray, despite having a sports hernia.
english is particularly bad in this regard because it has little inflectional morphology to distinguish between parts of speech.	english is particularly challenging in this regard because it has little inflectional morphology to distinguish between parts of speech.
touted as a rapid application development (rad) system, it includes tools for drawing the user interface and reports, and accessing database content.	marketed as a rapid application development (rad) system, it includes tools for drawing the user interface and reports, and accessing database content.
in the 1970s some religious groups were discovered practicing religious prostitution, or flirty fishing, as an instrument to make new adepts.	in the 1970s some religious cults were discovered practicing religious prostitution, or flirty fishing, as an instrument to make new adepts.
both projects were foiled by the opposition of local environmentalists and surfers.	both projects were stopped by the opposition of local environmentalists and surfers.
bialobrzeski is perhaps best known for his exhibit neon tigers, glistening photos of ballooning metropolises in asia.	bialobrzeski is perhaps best known for his exhibit neon tigers, photos of ballooning metropolises in asia.
between 20% to 30% of the colonists remained loyal to the british crown; these became known as loyalists (or 'tories', or 'king's men').	while there is no way of knowing the actual numbers, most likely 20% to 30% of the colonists remained loyal to the british crown; these became known as loyalists (or 'tories', or 'king's men').
the los angeles angels of anaheim, more commonly known as the los angeles angels, are an american professional baseball franchise based in anaheim, california.	the los angeles angels of anaheim, commonly known as the los angeles angels, are an american professional baseball franchise based in anaheim, california.
aasai (1995) - super hit	aasai (1995) - hit
wynstones school is a steiner waldorf school in brookthorpe, gloucestershire, set on 11 acres in the beautiful cotswolds.	wynstones school is a steiner waldorf school in brookthorpe, gloucestershire, set on 11 acres in the cotswolds.
when guru gobind singh was in south india, he sent banda singh bahadur to chastise the tyrannical mughal faiy`dar of sirhind.	when guru gobind singh was in south india, he sent banda singh bahadur to chastise the repressive mughal faiy`dar of sirhind.
clan analogue has been the starting point for many of australia's best electronic music producers, such as biftek and des peres.	clan analogue has been the starting point for many of australia's electronic music producers, such as biftek and des peres.
"another tragic case was that of new jersey's lenora eaton in 1881. reputable citizens in eaton's town promoted her as someone who had ""lived without eating""."	"another case was that of new jersey's lenora eaton in 1881. reputable citizens in eaton's town promoted her as someone who had ""lived without eating""."
the eye-catching campaign, which has featured keira knightley and lily cole in the past, was shot by photographer candice, with stewart under water.	the campaign, which has featured keira knightley and lily cole in the past, was shot by photographer candice, with stewart under water.
things could have been different as he was due to have a trial with hampshire several seasons before, but the scout that had seen him play and offered the trial was tragically killed on his way back to southampton and the recommendation was never made.	things could have been different as he was due to have a trial with hampshire several seasons before, but the scout that had seen him play and offered the trial was killed on his way back to southampton and the recommendation was never made.
in the summer of 2011, his first senior club morton surprisingly re-signed the now 21-year-old midfielder.	in the summer of 2011, his first senior club morton re-signed the now 21-year-old midfielder.
she plays the piano and violin and is a wonderful singer and dancer.	she plays the piano and violin and is a singer and dancer.
leonard trelawny hobhouse (september 8, 1864 - june 21, 1929) was a british liberal politician, one of the theorists of modern liberalism.	leonard trelawny hobhouse (september 8, 1864 - june 21, 1929) was a british liberal politician, one of the theorists of social liberalism.
the following season was unbearable , as the team was mostly made up of rookies and journeymen.	the following season was unremarkable , as the team was mostly made up of rookies and journeymen.
the amish are well- known for their simple living and plain dress.	the amish are known for their simple living and plain dress.
defective by design is an anti-digital restrictions management (drm) initiative by the free software foundation.	defective by design is an anti-digital rights management (drm) initiative by the free software foundation.
andrea martin (born 1947), actress, comedienne , voice actress, sctv, my big fat greek wedding, kim possible, earthworm jim; born in portland	andrea martin (born 1947), actress, comedian , voice actress, sctv, my big fat greek wedding, kim possible, earthworm jim; born in portland
the phrase was coined by the dour scottish character groundskeeper willie in the television cartoon series the simpsons to describe the french; the surrender element of the phrase presumably refers to the world war ii vichy period, as well as vietnam, india, and many other former french colonies.	the phrase was coined by the dour scottish character groundskeeper willie in the television cartoon series the simpsons to describe the french; the surrender element of the phrase presumably refers to the world war ii vichy period, as well as vietnam, india, and other former french colonies.
in this classic episode, a pervert is molesting chickens in town.	in this episode, a pervert is molesting chickens in town.
he is an important art collector and friends say he lives surrounded by renoirs, monets and picassos.	he is an art collector and friends say he lives surrounded by renoirs, monets and picassos.
the organizers are calling for supporters to abstain from buying, selling, working, and attending school to demonstrate the impact of immigrant labor, especially that of unauthorized immigrants, on the u.s. economy and to demand general amnesty.	the organizers are calling for supporters to abstain from buying, selling, working, and attending school to demonstrate the impact of immigrant labor, especially that of illegal immigrants, on the u.s. economy and to demand general amnesty.
cinelerra - free software, allows efficient hdv editing and composition	cinelerra - free software, allows hdv editing and composition
despite its undeniable classic status, the film is not without its detractors.	despite its widely-recognized classic status, the film is not without its detractors.
she also accepted $1.25 million from charles keating, involved in the fraud and corruption scheme known as the keating five scandal and supported him before and after his arrest.	she accepted $1.25 million from charles keating, involved in the fraud and corruption scheme known as the keating five scandal and supported him before and after his arrest.
philip david ochs (; december 19, 1940 april 9, 1976) was an american protest singer (or, as he preferred, a topical singer) and songwriter who was known for his sharp wit, sardonic humor, earnest humanism, political activism, insightful and alliterative lyrics, and haunting voice.	philip david ochs (; december 19, 1940 april 9, 1976) was an american protest singer (or, as he preferred, a topical singer) and songwriter who was known for his sharp wit, sardonic humor, earnest humanism, political activism, insightful and alliterative lyrics, and distinctive voice.
the episode features a guest appearance by stephen hawking, making it the only episode to feature a guest star appearing as himself on any trek series.	the episode features a guest appearance by stephen hawking, making it the only episode to feature a guest star appearing as themselves on any trek series.
the name for the website was chosen democratically in april 2008 by readers of coding horror, atwood's popular programming blog.	the name for the website was chosen by voting in april 2008 by readers of coding horror, atwood's popular programming blog.
"it marks the second of four legendary halloween shows in which phish dressed up in a ""musical costume"" by performing an album from another artist in its entirety."	"it marks the second of four halloween shows in which phish dressed up in a ""musical costume"" by performing an album from another artist in its entirety."
orthomolecular medicine focuses on the role of proper nutrition in relation to health.	orthomolecular medicine focuses on the role of nutrition in relation to health.
others contend that he was never part of the batista police, and was actually jailed for his vocal opposition to the castro regime .	others contend that he was never part of the batista police, and was actually jailed for his vocal opposition to the castro government .
phil wilayto, former coordinator of a job is a right campaign in milwaukee and a contributor to mediatransparency, a progressive web site that tracks the funding of right-wing politics, writes:	phil wilayto, former coordinator of a job is a right campaign in milwaukee and a contributor to mediatransparency, a left-wing web site that tracks the funding of right-wing politics, writes:
lieutenant general timothy joseph maude, usa (november 18, 1947  september 11, 2001) was the highest ranking military officer killed in the september 11, 2001 attacks and the most senior u.s. army officer killed by enemy action since simon b. buckner in 1945. maude had been serving as the u.s. army's deputy chief of staff for personnel and was at a meeting when american airlines flight 77 crashed into the west side of the pentagon.	lieutenant general timothy joseph maude, usa (november 18, 1947  september 11, 2001) was the highest ranking military officer killed in the september 11, 2001 attacks and the most senior u.s. army officer killed by foreign action since simon b. buckner in 1945. maude had been serving as the u.s. army's deputy chief of staff for personnel and was at a meeting when american airlines flight 77 crashed into the west side of the pentagon.
conservatives and curialists supporting cardinal giuseppe siri, who favoured a more conservative interpretation or even correction of vatican ii's reforms.	conservatives and curialists supporting cardinal giuseppe siri, who favoured a more conservative interpretation or even reversal of vatican ii's reforms.
contrary to irresponsible reports, his name, as well as his address and place of business was not revealed by the chicago sun-times.	contrary to reports, his name, as well as his address and place of business was not revealed by the chicago sun-times.
the fatima mansions recorded a scabrous song of the same title which used the main title line in its chorus on their eps bertie's brochures and tima mansi dumps the dead.	the fatima mansions recorded a song of the same title which used the main title line in its chorus on their eps bertie's brochures and tima mansi dumps the dead.
the replay saw the north cork side claim a 0-13 to 1-8 victory, with mccormack collecting a coveted championship medal.	the replay saw the north cork side claim a 0-13 to 1-8 victory, with mccormack collecting a cork senior hurling championship medal.
season two maintained the tuesdays at 9:00 pm et timeslot from last season.	season two maintained the tuesdays at 9:00 pm et timeslot from the previous season.
led by colonel albert p. thompson, of paducah, the gallant cavalrymen swooped down on the fort.	led by colonel albert p. thompson, of paducah, the confederate cavalrymen swooped down on the fort.
today's materials technology does not quite meet these requirements, although carbon nanotube technology shows great promise.	today's materials technology does not meet these requirements, although carbon nanotube technology shows great promise.
as a result of inclusion of .net or mono runtimes in the official distributions of many desktop operating systems, desktop applications that utilize the programming interfaces that are common to both .net and mono can be developed in c# and then seamlessly deployed across many operating systems and processor architectures using a runtime environment that is available as a part of the operating system's installation.	as a result of inclusion of .net or mono runtimes in the official distributions of many desktop operating systems, desktop applications that utilize the programming interfaces that are common to both .net and mono can be developed in c# and then deployed across many operating systems and processor architectures using a runtime environment that is available as a part of the operating system's installation.
the most popular religions of europe are the following:	the most prevalent religions of europe are the following:
the book of commandments is the earliest published volume to contain the purported revelations of joseph smith jr. text published in the book of commandments is now considered scripture by latter-day saints as part of the larger doctrine and covenants.	the book of commandments is the earliest published volume to contain the revelations of joseph smith jr. text published in the book of commandments is now considered scripture by latter-day saints as part of the larger doctrine and covenants.
schmidt is portrayed as initially pushing for the choice of palin, before later realizing she was unqualified for the job and had limited knowledge of current affairs.	schmidt is portrayed as initially pushing for the choice of palin, before later thinking she was unqualified for the job and had limited knowledge of current affairs.
in 1992, mail in rebates were not usual in the uk, the so called 'hoover free flights' fiasco perhaps giving evidence of its pitfalls.	in 1992, mail in rebates were not usual in the uk, the so called 'hoover free flights' perhaps giving evidence of its pitfalls.
693 in iberia, visigothic ruler egica of hispania and septimania, demanded that a church council confront the problem of homosexuality in the kingdom.	693 in iberia, visigothic ruler egica of hispania and septimania, demanded that a church council confront the occurence of homosexuality in the kingdom.
after the former korean emperor gojong had died, anti-japanese rallies took place nationwide beginning on 1 march 1919 (the march 1st (samil) movement).	after the former korean emperor gojong had died, korean independence rallies took place nationwide beginning on 1 march 1919 (the march 1st (samil) movement).
franois pron: an impetuous life (2006), duyker's biography of the controversial zoologist of the expedition of nicolas-thomas baudin to australian waters (18001803), won the frank broeze maritime history prize in 2007. a recurrent theme in edward duyker's writing on early natural history is an attempt to recapture the sense of wonder at the unique flora and fauna encountered by early european explorers in australia.	franois pron: an impetuous life (2006), duyker's biography of the zoologist of the expedition of nicolas-thomas baudin to australian waters (18001803), won the frank broeze maritime history prize in 2007. a recurrent theme in edward duyker's writing on early natural history is an attempt to recapture the sense of wonder at the unique flora and fauna encountered by early european explorers in australia.
some advocates of quebec independence naturally saw quebec's situation in a similar light.	some advocates of quebec independence saw quebec's situation in a similar light.
a dramatic train wreck occurred in danville.	a serious train wreck occurred in danville.
many of the die hards, though obviously not churchill, flirted with oswald mosley's british union of fascists and some even became active sympathisers with adolf hitler and called for a negotiated peace in the crisis of 1940.	many of the die hards, though not churchill, flirted with oswald mosley's british union of fascists and some even became active sympathisers with adolf hitler and called for a negotiated peace in the crisis of 1940.
the company placed ads for scabs in newspapers as far away as boston, st. louis and even europe.	the company placed ads for replacement workers in newspapers as far away as boston, st. louis and even europe.
a final effort was made at the lausanne conference in 1932. here, representatives from great britain, france, italy, belgium, germany and surprisingly japan gathered to come to an agreement.	a final effort was made at the lausanne conference in 1932. here, representatives from great britain, france, italy, belgium, germany and japan gathered to come to an agreement.
they bounced off the deck without exploding fortunately .	they bounced off the deck without exploding.
charles realised that the scandalous ways of the french court might shock elisabeth and, along with his mother, catherine de' medici, he made an effort to shield her from its excesses.	charles realised that the liberal ways of the french court might shock elisabeth and, along with his mother, catherine de' medici, he made an effort to shield her from its excesses.
the union des franais de l'etranger, or ufe as it is often called, is an organization representing frenchmen abroad.	the union des franais de l'etranger, or ufe as it is often called, is an organization representing french citizens abroad.
gave residents of the returned alsace-lorraine region until 1 october 1872 to decide between keeping their french nationality and emigrating, or remaining in the region and becoming german citizens.	gave residents of the alsace-lorraine region until 1 october 1872 to decide between keeping their french nationality and emigrating, or remaining in the region and becoming german citizens.
liberal media matters for america founder david brock sent a letter to news organizations in 2014 saying, if credible media outlets regard the unethical practices of the free beacon as valid, all of journalism will be debased.	media matters for america founder david brock sent a letter to news organizations in 2014 saying, if credible media outlets regard the unethical practices of the free beacon as valid, all of journalism will be debased.
new york-new york hotel & casino is a hotel and casino located on the famed las vegas strip at 3790 las vegas boulevard south, in paradise, nevada.	new york-new york hotel & casino is a hotel and casino located on the las vegas strip at 3790 las vegas boulevard south, in paradise, nevada.
the overwhelming majority of casualties were civilians , including nationals of over 70 countries.	the overwhelming majority of casualties were in the new york attack , including nationals of over 70 countries.
legend is that narendranath datta, (the future swami vivekananda) was first introduced to ramakrishna in a literature class of hastie.	legend is that narendranath datta, (the future vivekananda) was first introduced to ramakrishna in a literature class of hastie.
it also received positive reviews from critics.	it received positive reviews from critics.
in 1972, he participated in aim's takeover of the bureau of indian affairs office in washington, d.c., and in 1973 he led aim's occupation of wounded knee, which became the group's most celebrated action.	in 1972, he participated in aim's takeover of the bureau of indian affairs office in washington, d.c., and in 1973 he led aim's occupation of wounded knee, which became the group's most well-known action.
the film purports to show how the future of the united states might unfold should barack obama be elected to a second term as president.	the film aims to show how the future of the united states might unfold should barack obama be elected to a second term as president.
another miracle approved by the church is the miracle of the sun, which is said to have occurred near ftima, portugal on october 13, 1917. according to legend , between 70,000 and 100,000 people, who were gathered at a cove near ftima, witnessed the sun dim, change colors, spin, dance about in the sky, and appear to plummet to earth, radiating great heat in the process.	another miracle approved by the church is the miracle of the sun, which is said to have occurred near ftima, portugal on october 13, 1917. according to some accounts of the event , between 70,000 and 100,000 people, who were gathered at a cove near ftima, witnessed the sun dim, change colors, spin, dance about in the sky, and appear to plummet to earth, radiating great heat in the process.
five years after his passing , his company expanded its facilities to the mass production of cigarettes.	five years after his death , his company expanded its facilities to the mass production of cigarettes.
in rebuttal to this charge, at an address to a c. s. lewis conference, dr. devin brown observed that there are too many dissimilarities between the calormene religion and islam, particularly in the areas of polytheism and human sacrifice, for lewis' writing to be regarded as critical of islam.	in rebuttal to this charge, at an address to a c. s. lewis conference, dr. devin brown argued that there are too many dissimilarities between the calormene religion and islam, particularly in the areas of polytheism and human sacrifice, for lewis' writing to be regarded as critical of islam.
"actor andy serkis, acclaimed for his role as gollum in peter jackson's ""lord of the rings"" and ""the hobbit"", was born in ruislip."	"actor andy serkis, known for his role as gollum in peter jackson's ""lord of the rings"" and ""the hobbit"", was born in ruislip."
the black parade is the brilliant third studio album, released in october 2006 by the rock quintet, my chemical romance.	the black parade is the third studio album, released in october 2006 by the rock quintet, my chemical romance.
he was elected as president of lithuania in 1998, defeating artras paulauskas in the runoff, serving from then until 2003, when he ran for re-election, but was unexpectedly defeated by populistic rolandas paksas.	he was elected as president of lithuania in 1998, defeating artras paulauskas in the runoff, serving from then until 2003, when he ran for re-election, but was unexpectedly defeated by rolandas paksas.
nelly kim furtado (born december 2 1978) is a portuguese canadian singer-songwriter, instrumentalist, and record producer.	nelly kim furtado (born december 2 1978) is a canadian singer-songwriter, instrumentalist, and record producer.
"the anti-defamation league claimed that those same resolutions are ""disappointing and disturbing"" and ""deeply troubling"" ."	"the anti-defamation league stated that those same resolutions are ""disappointing and disturbing"" and ""deeply troubling"" ."
teri garr (1962) film actress, comedienne , academy awards nominee	teri garr (1962) film actress, comedian , academy awards nominee
geisel's racist treatment of the japanese and of japanese americans, whom he often failed to differentiate between, has struck many readers as a moral blind spot.	geisel's treatment of the japanese and of japanese americans, whom he often failed to differentiate between, has struck many readers as a moral blind spot.
the eastern bloc (also known as the socialist bloc, communist bloc and soviet bloc) was the group of communist -controlled states stretching from central and eastern europe to east and southeast asia largely controlled by the soviet union during the cold war in opposition to the western bloc led by the united states.	the eastern bloc (also known as the socialist bloc, communist bloc and soviet bloc) was the group of communist states stretching from central and eastern europe to east and southeast asia largely controlled by the soviet union during the cold war in opposition to the western bloc led by the united states.
in spite of its unfinished state and some deficiencies in rhythm, boiardo's orlando is considered a magnificent work of art, echoing throughout the poet's ardent devotion to love and loyalty, shedding warmth and sunshine wherever the lapse of ages had rendered the legends colourless and cold.	in spite of its unfinished state and some deficiencies in rhythm, boiardo's orlando is considered a notable work of art, echoing throughout the poet's ardent devotion to love and loyalty, shedding warmth and sunshine wherever the lapse of ages had rendered the legends colourless and cold.
on reaching the target, the desired altitude was reset to be negative; this should have led to a power dive, but unfortunately the steep descent caused the fuel to run away from the pipes and so the power cut out.	on reaching the target, the desired altitude was reset to be negative; this should have led to a power dive, but the steep descent caused the fuel to run away from the pipes and so the power cut out.
"this interpretation would seem to be challenged by the line ""our naughtiness was high on the list of grave sins"" by which charles seems to be clearly referring to sodomy."	"this interpretation would seem to be challenged by the line ""our naughtiness was high on the list of grave sins"" by which charles seems to be referring to sodomy."
war and occupation deaths listed in the current reports total at 81,000. these include deaths in soviet deportations in 1941, soviet genocides , german deportations, and holocaust victims.	war and occupation deaths listed in the current reports total at 81,000. these include deaths in soviet deportations in 1941, soviet executions , german deportations, and holocaust victims.
"in protest of adls stance, cnn host fareed zakaria returned the hubert h. humphrey first amendment freedoms prize the adl awarded him in 2005. adl chair robert g. sugarman responded to a critical new york times editorial writing ""we have publicly taken on those who criticized the mosque in ways that reflected anti-muslim bigotry or used the controversy for that purpose"" and noted that the adl has combatted ""islamophobia."""	"in protest of adls stance, cnn host fareed zakaria returned the hubert h. humphrey first amendment freedoms prize the adl awarded him in 2005. adl chair robert g. sugarman responded to a critical new york times editorial writing ""we have publicly taken on those who criticized the mosque in ways that reflected anti-muslim bigotry or used the controversy for that purpose"" and alleged that the adl has combatted ""islamophobia."""
she is best known for her role on the tv show grey's anatomy as dr. erica hahn and for her role as catherine martin in the 1991 film the silence of the lambs.	she is known for her role on the tv show grey's anatomy as dr. erica hahn and for her role as catherine martin in the 1991 film the silence of the lambs.
vegans generally oppose the violence and cruelty involved in the meat, , dairy, non-vegan cosmetics, clothing, and other industries.	vegans generally oppose what they see as violence and cruelty involved in the meat, , dairy, non-vegan cosmetics, clothing, and other industries.
the utica tornado of 2004 was a strong tornado that hit the town of utica, illinois in 2004. it was part of an outbreak of ten to fifteen tornadoes that formed in northern illinois and indiana, but the utica tornado was the only tornado in that outbreak that caused fatalities.	the utica tornado of 2004 was a tornado that hit the town of utica, illinois in 2004. it was part of an outbreak of ten to fifteen tornadoes that formed in northern illinois and indiana, but the utica tornado was the only tornado in that outbreak that caused fatalities.
the college formal is an annual spectacular , organised and run by a committee of convenors, usually from amongst the more senior of the collegians.	the college formal is an annual event , organised and run by a committee of convenors, usually from amongst the more senior of the collegians.
it is the fourth largest settlement in the territories that israel occupied in 1967. it is located approximately 40 kilometers (25 miles) east of tel aviv, 40 kilometers (25 miles) west of the jordan river, and 60 kilometers (38 miles) northwest of jerusalem.	it is the fourth largest settlement in the territories that israel gained control of as a result of the six day war in 1967. it is located approximately 40 kilometers (25 miles) east of tel aviv, 40 kilometers (25 miles) west of the jordan river, and 60 kilometers (38 miles) northwest of jerusalem.
in 1950 teresa founded the missionaries of charity, a roman catholic religious congregation which had over 4,500 sisters and was active in 133 countries in 2012. the congregation manages homes for people dying of hiv/aids, leprosy and tuberculosis; soup kitchens; dispensaries and mobile clinics; children's- and family-counselling programmes; orphanages, and schools.	in 1950 teresa founded the missionaries of charity, a roman catholic religious congregation which had over 4,500 nuns and was active in 133 countries in 2012. the congregation manages homes for people dying of hiv/aids, leprosy and tuberculosis; soup kitchens; dispensaries and mobile clinics; children's- and family-counselling programmes; orphanages, and schools.
the city's adequate ceramics collection is housed in the potteries museum & art gallery in hanley.	the city's ceramics collection is housed in the potteries museum & art gallery in hanley.
the sentence was carried out (1797), desrues repeating hypocritical protestations of his innocence to the last.	the sentence was carried out (1797), desrues repeating protestations of his innocence to the last.
hancock is favorably located at the confluence of the east and west branches of the scenic delaware river.	hancock is located at the confluence of the east and west branches of the scenic delaware river.
a great page on eben-emael	a page on eben-emael
gabe khouth is a skilled canadian voice actor who works for ocean studios in vancouver, british columbia, canada.	gabe khouth is a canadian voice actor who works for ocean studios in vancouver, british columbia, canada.
after the romanian and eu flags were displayed during protests against rigged elections in moldova.	after the romanian and eu flags were displayed during protests against elections in moldova.
the books are poorly written in diary form, chronicling a season with charlton (199495) and torquay (199697) respectively.	the books are written in diary form, chronicling a season with charlton (199495) and torquay (199697) respectively.
"no cats are friendly and ""all cats are unfriendly """	"no cats are friendly and ""all cats are non-friendly """
in the uk , the term the continent refers to mainland europe.	in the united kingdom , the term the continent refers to mainland europe.
"the album was covered live in its entirety by legendary rock band phish as one of their ""halloween costume"" concerts."	"the album was covered live in its entirety by rock band phish as one of their ""halloween costume"" concerts."
a hash list is an extension of the old concept of hashing an item (for instance, a file).	a hash list is an extension of the concept of hashing an item (for instance, a file).
he followed those successes with the provocative basic instinct (1992) and then the dreadful flop showgirls (1995).	he followed those successes with the provocative basic instinct (1992) and then the infamous flop showgirls (1995).
she also trains young supermodel kristina pimenova, who trains part time as a rhythmic gymnast.	she also trains young model kristina pimenova, who trains part time as a rhythmic gymnast.
this can become an expensive proposition, especially if using screw filters with different lens filter sizes, which would require carrying a set for each diameter of lens carried (although inexpensive step-up rings can eliminate this problem ).	this can become an expensive proposition, especially if using screw filters with different lens filter sizes, which would require carrying a set for each diameter of lens carried (although inexpensive step-up rings can eliminate this requirement ).
"the ""text engine"" allows macintosh programmers to easily add advanced text display and editing features to their applications."	"the ""text engine"" allows macintosh programmers to add advanced text display and editing features to their applications."
on 25 october 1684 thomas was tried in westminster hall by hanging judge jeffries for high treason and sentenced to death.	on 25 october 1684 thomas was tried in westminster hall by judge jeffries for high treason and sentenced to death.
by the end of the day, massena successfully seized a bridgehead on the east bank of the adige river, driving back the defending troops under josef philipp vukassovich.	by the end of the day, massena seized a bridgehead on the east bank of the adige river, driving back the defending troops under josef philipp vukassovich.
some owners of the symbol say it represents their anti-religious worldview while others say it represents their objection to the myth that christianity is opposed to science.	some owners of the symbol say it represents their anti-religious worldview while others say it represents their objection to the notion that christianity is opposed to science.
on 27 august 1923, pilkington ran unsuccessfully in the general election for the 4th dil as a republican candidate, polling only 2089 first preference votes.	on 27 august 1923, pilkington ran unsuccessfully in the general election for the 4th dil as a republican candidate, polling 2089 first preference votes.
"von dniken reproduced a drawing of the sarcophagus lid (incorrectly labeling it as being from ""copan"") and comparing pacal's pose to that of 1960s project mercury astronauts, interpreting drawings underneath him as rockets, and touting it as supposed evidence of extra-terrestrial influence on the ancient maya."	"von dniken reproduced a drawing of the sarcophagus lid (incorrectly labeling it as being from ""copan"") and comparing pacal's pose to that of 1960s project mercury astronauts, interpreting drawings underneath him as rockets, and saying it as supposed evidence of extra-terrestrial influence on the ancient maya."
he feuded with ric flair over the wcw title and had a hilarious date on tbs with missy hyatt.	he feuded with ric flair over the wcw title and had a date on tbs with missy hyatt.
in mathematics, the mathieu functions are certain special functions useful for treating a variety of interesting problems in applied mathematics, including	in mathematics, the mathieu functions are certain special functions useful for treating a variety of problems in applied mathematics, including
acsh frequently warns against regulating chemicals without scientific proof of harm.	acsh frequently advocates against regulating chemicals without scientific proof of harm.
"written by series co-creator larry david and directed by tom cherones, the episode premiered in the united states on nbc on april 18, 1991. largely based on david's own experiences, ""the revenge"" was the first episode he wrote without seinfeld's help ."	"written by series co-creator larry david and directed by tom cherones, the episode premiered in the united states on nbc on april 18, 1991. largely based on david's own experiences, ""the revenge"" was the first episode he wrote without seinfeld's collaboration ."
fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has ruled cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the regime of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been in power cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the regime of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.
this includes rejection of christianity, and the practice by the mungiki of forced female circumcision .	this includes rejection of christianity, and the practice by the mungiki of forced female genital cutting .
on 10 december, the day after the agreement was announced, unionist paramilitaries formed the ulster army council — a coalition of loyalist paramilitary groups, including the uda and the uvf, which would oppose the agreement.	on 10 december, the day after the agreement was announced, loyalist paramilitaries formed the ulster army council — a coalition of loyalist paramilitary groups, including the uda and the uvf, which would oppose the agreement.
since then, the bnp won the second, fifth, sixth and eighth national elections and two presidential elections in 1978 and 1981. the party also holds the record of being the largest opposition in the history of parliamentary elections of the country, with 116 seats in the seventh national election of 1996. it does not currently have representation in parliament after its boycott the farce national election of 2014 in bangladesh .	since then, the bnp won the second, fifth, sixth and eighth national elections and two presidential elections in 1978 and 1981. the party also holds the record of being the largest opposition in the history of parliamentary elections of the country, with 116 seats in the seventh national election of 1996. it does not currently have representation in parliament after its boycott the national election of 2014 in bangladesh .
around 4,500 transjordanian troops, commanded partly by 38 british officers who had resigned their commissions in the british army only weeks earlier, including overall commander, general john bagot glubb, invaded the corpus separatum region encompassing jerusalem and its environs (in response to the haganah's operation kilshon ) and moved into areas designated as part of the arab state by the un partition plan.	around 4,500 transjordanian troops, commanded partly by 38 british officers who had resigned their commissions in the british army only weeks earlier, including overall commander, general john bagot glubb, entered the corpus separatum region encompassing jerusalem and its environs (in response to the haganah's operation kilshon ) and moved into areas designated as part of the arab state by the un partition plan.
materazzi then spoke to zidane, who turned around, stepped toward and head-butted materazzi awesomely in the chest, sending him to the ground.	materazzi then spoke to zidane, who turned around, stepped toward and head-butted materazzi in the chest, sending him to the ground.
"love lockdown was written by west less than ten days before it premiered live as the explosive finale of the 2008 mtv vmas on september 7, 2008. west has cited the track as his ""favorite to date"", saying ""go where your heart takes you""."	"love lockdown was written by west less than ten days before it premiered live as the finale of the 2008 mtv vmas on september 7, 2008. west has cited the track as his ""favorite to date"", saying ""go where your heart takes you""."
the pit bull is the only dog to have ever graced the cover of life magazine three times .	the pit bull is the only dog to have ever appeared on the cover of life magazine three times .
nvidia responded to this claim by stating that the playstation 3's rsx is more powerful than than the geforce 7800. the inquirer printed a retraction the next day, blaming their source for the error .	nvidia responded to this claim by stating that the playstation 3's rsx is more powerful than than the geforce 7800. the inquirer printed a retraction the next day, blaming their source for the confusion .
pete selfishly tries to sabotage the growing relationship.	pete tries to sabotage the growing relationship.
current style guides, such as apa, mla, ncte, and others, have published statements encouraging, and in some cases requiring, the use of inclusive language, which avoids language this approach regards as sexist or class-distinctive.	current style guides, such as apa, mla, ncte, and others, have published statements encouraging, and in some cases requiring, the use of gender-neutral language, which avoids language this approach regards as sexist or class-distinctive.
rich internet applications (ria) are bloated web applications that have the features and functionality of traditional desktop applications.	rich internet applications (ria) are web applications that have the features and functionality of traditional desktop applications.
the film follows shekhar (khan), a goofy game designer living and based in london along with his wife (kapoor) and son (verma), who designs a motion-sensor based game in which the villain is far more powerful than the hero.	the film follows shekhar (khan), a game designer living and based in london along with his wife (kapoor) and son (verma), who designs a motion-sensor based game in which the villain is far more powerful than the hero.
it can be seen that these uniforms were the most aesthetic uniforms to be produced, although hold an evil connotation.	it can be seen that these uniforms were the most aesthetic uniforms to be produced, although hold an infamous connotation.
the institute for creation research (icr) is a creationist apologetics institute in dallas, texas that specializes in media promotion of pseudoscientific creation science and interpretation of the genesis creation narrative as a historical event.	the institute for creation research (icr) is a creationist apologetics institute in dallas, texas that specializes in media promotion of creation science and interpretation of the genesis creation narrative as a historical event.
he has been particularly hostile to bailouts for banks and other corporations.	he has been particularly opposed to bailouts for banks and other corporations.
much later the communist dictatorship created movies of the story and emphasized the superiority of the workers and the poor.	much later the communist government created movies of the story and emphasized the superiority of the workers and the poor.
"in december of 2005, during the war on christmas campaign by the network, gabler attacked o'reilly as well as john gibson and sean hannity for what he perceived as their overzealous ""demogagoue""-like attitudes."	"in december of 2005, during the war on christmas commentary by the network, gabler attacked o'reilly as well as john gibson and sean hannity for what he perceived as their overzealous ""demogagoue""-like attitudes."
the so-called shiva pashupati seal, indus valley civilization.	the so-called pashupati seal, indus valley civilization.
however, in november 1960, holt made one of the few major missteps of his career.	however, in november 1960, holt made one of the major missteps of his career.
on the basis of his evidence, all elizabeth's children by edward, including king edward v, were declared illegitimate, and her brother-in-law, richard iii, accepted the crown.	on the basis of his evidence, all elizabeth's children by edward, including king edward v, were declared illegitimate, and her brother-in-law, richard iii, was given the crown.
"under the name ""michael stone"" in keeping with the understanding of the u.s. government, he arrived in israel in january 1948, four months prior to the official declaration of the establishment of the state of israel, may 14, 1948, facing the seething arab armies surrounding the soon-to-be state of israel."	"under the name ""michael stone"" in keeping with the understanding of the u.s. government, he arrived in israel in january 1948, four months prior to the official declaration of the establishment of the state of israel, may 14, 1948, facing the arab armies surrounding the soon-to-be state of israel."
the cca contains a vast library and archives, and is host to various exhibits throughout the year.	the cca contains a large library and archives, and is host to various exhibits throughout the year.
fide sharply criticised the decision of the organisers not to allow these teams to compete at the olympiad.	fide criticised the decision of the organisers not to allow these teams to compete at the olympiad.
"dr. ganser says that his research has also uncovered a pentagon document, ""field manual fm 30-31b"", detailing the methodology for launching terrorist attacks in nations that ""do not react with sufficient effectiveness"" against ""communist subversion."""	"dr. ganser says that his research has also uncovered an alleged pentagon document, ""field manual fm 30-31b"", detailing the methodology for launching terrorist attacks in nations that ""do not react with sufficient effectiveness"" against ""communist subversion."""
divinchieo : healing spell.	finichieo : healing spell.
"some transhumanists do advocate forms of liberal eugenics, but many others distance themselves from this term (preferring ""reprogenetics"") to avoid mistaken associations with the pseudoscientific and authoritarian practices of early-20th-century eugenic movements."	"some transhumanists do advocate forms of liberal eugenics, but many others distance themselves from this term (preferring ""reprogenetics"") to avoid associations with the pseudoscientific and authoritarian practices of early-20th-century eugenic movements."
after herod's death, the holy family settles in nazareth (matthew 2:1-23).	after herod's death, the family settles in nazareth (matthew 2:1-23).
"yule or yuletide (""yule time"") is a pagan religious festival observed by the historical germanic peoples, later undergoing christianised reformulation resulting in, the now better known, christmastide."	"yule or yuletide (""yule time"") is a religious festival observed by the historical germanic peoples, later undergoing christianised reformulation resulting in, the now better known, christmastide."
only two months after his wsop win, he finished 8th at the asia pacific poker tour seoul event.	two months after his wsop win, he finished 8th at the asia pacific poker tour seoul event.
new york boasts the most extensive and one of the oldest transportation infrastructures in the country.	new york has one of the most extensive and one of the oldest transportation infrastructures in the country.
the tribes have long maintained that they are exempt from excise taxes on gasoline and tobacco products, which allows native-owned convenience stores to undercut their non-native counterparts.	the tribes have long maintained that they are exempt from excise taxes on gasoline and tobacco products, which allows native-owned convenience stores to provide lower prices than their non-native counterparts.
the aim report often calls on its subscribers to contact newsmakers, reporters and news corporations to end alleged liberal media bias.	the aim report often calls on its subscribers to contact newsmakers, reporters and news corporations to end perceived liberal media bias.
jack branning is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by scott maslen.	jack branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by scott maslen.
while emil steiner of the washington post correctly argued that al sharpton used the issue to further divide america along racial lines.	while emil steiner of the washington post argued that al sharpton used the issue to further divide america along racial lines.
it gave a hilarious (and humbly honest) look at the highs and lows of college life, from fraternity hazing to the dreaded freshman fifteen.	it gave a humorous (and humbly honest) look at the highs and lows of college life, from fraternity hazing to the dreaded freshman fifteen.
exponentially rising populations, global warming, water shortages, and growing costs of fossil fuels including petroleum-based fertilizers will lead to a global food crisis in the near future.	exponentially rising populations, global warming, water shortages, and growing costs of fossil fuels including petroleum-based fertilizers may lead to a global food crisis in the near future.
various dysfunctional continental statist-interventionist policies and programmes became entrenched in the uk;	various continental statist-interventionist policies and programmes became entrenched in the uk;
anything but straight: unmasking the scandals and lies behind the ex-gay myth is a book written by wayne besen, a gay rights activist .	anything but straight: unmasking the scandals and lies behind the ex-gay myth is a book written by wayne besen, a gay rights advocate .
"being a ""cool"" guy, he almost always uses the direct approach which most of the time fails pitifully ."	"being a ""cool"" guy, he almost always uses the direct approach which most of the time fails."
"damascius claims that hypatia was ""exceedingly beautiful and fair of form"", but nothing else is known regarding her physical appearance and no ancient depictions of her have survived."	"damascius writes that hypatia was ""exceedingly beautiful and fair of form"", but nothing else is known regarding her physical appearance and no ancient depictions of her have survived."
aerosmith is a prominent american rock band.	aerosmith is a american rock band.
thileepan also known as lt. col. thileepan(1962 – 7 sep, 1987), was a ltte political wing member who died during a hunger strike during the ipkf occupation of jaffna, sri lanka.	thileepan also known as lt. col. thileepan(1962 – 7 sep, 1987), was a ltte political wing member who died during a hunger strike during the ipkf operation of jaffna, sri lanka.
when microsoft discovered that its first product, altair basic, was subject to widespread illegal copying, microsoft founder bill gates wrote an open letter to hobbyists that openly accused many hobbyists of stealing software.	when microsoft discovered that its first product, altair basic, was subject to widespread unauthorized copying, microsoft founder bill gates wrote an open letter to hobbyists that openly accused many hobbyists of stealing software.
within one month of its release, taylor hicks was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america for shipping over one million copies, though it has only sold about 695,000 copies to date making it the worst debut effort by an american idol winner .	within one month of its release, taylor hicks was certified platinum by the recording industry association of america for shipping over one million copies, though it has only sold about 695,000 copies to date making it the lowest selling debut effort by an american idol winner .
the japanese-jewish common ancestor theory is a curious hypothesis which originated in the latter half of the 19th century which claims the japanese people and the jews have common ancestors such as jacob and abraham and the japanese are the main part of the ten lost tribes of israel.	the japanese-jewish common ancestor theory is a hypothesis which originated in the latter half of the 19th century which claims the japanese people and the jews have common ancestors such as jacob and abraham and the japanese are the main part of the ten lost tribes of israel.
morocco continued to demand the restitution of spanish sahara, and in 1969, it got back the region of ifni.	morocco continued to demand the handover of spanish sahara, and in 1969, it got back the region of ifni.
the nineties showed the gradual decline of karpov's playing strength - apart from one awesome performance against the world's best players in linares in 1994. karpov won the tournament, which included kasparov by a large margin, which put his tournament performance way over 3000 elo.	the nineties showed the gradual decline of karpov's playing strength - apart from one strong performance against the world's best players in linares in 1994. karpov won the tournament, which included kasparov by a large margin, which put his tournament performance way over 3000 elo.
"another common characterization of the living constitution is as synonymous with ""judicial activism,"" a phrase generally used to accuse judges of resolving cases based on their own personal whims or preferences."	"another common classification of the living constitution is as synonymous with ""judicial activism,"" a phrase generally used to accuse judges of resolving cases based on their own personal whims or preferences."
during world war ii, mcqueen frequently appeared as a comedienne on the armed forces radio service broadcast jubilee.	during world war ii, mcqueen frequently appeared as a comedian on the armed forces radio service broadcast jubilee.
"the group believes that the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon on 9/11 were likely orchestrated by the us government and that rather than airplane impacts and subsequent fires resulting in the collapse of the twin towers, such collapse was actually a ""controlled demolition"" as a result of explosives planted in the buildings."	"the group argues that the attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon on 9/11 were likely orchestrated by the us government and that rather than airplane impacts and subsequent fires resulting in the collapse of the twin towers, such collapse was actually a ""controlled demolition"" as a result of explosives planted in the buildings."
by this point war had broken out, and with better models on the market –including heinkel's own superlative he 100– no one else was interested in purchasing the design.	by this point war had broken out, and with better models on the market –including heinkel's own he 100– no one else was interested in purchasing the design.
the exxonmobil climate change controversy is the controversy around exxonmobil's activities related to climate change, especially their promotion of climate change denial .	the exxonmobil climate change controversy is the controversy around exxonmobil's activities related to climate change, especially their promotion of climate change skepticism .
the program alleged that reopening the korean market to american beef would expose koreans to the threat of mad cow disease, and featured lurid footage of sick cattle being led to slaughter.	the program alleged that reopening the korean market to american beef would expose koreans to the threat of mad cow disease, and featured some footage of sick cattle being led to slaughter.
it is one of the four grand slam tennis tournaments and the only one played on grass courts and is considered the most prestigious of all four grand slams.	wimbledon is one of the four grand slam tennis tournaments and the only one played on grass courts and is considered the most prestigious of all four grand slams.
the total remaining habitat is estimated at just .	the total remaining habitat is estimated at .
the roc occupation of taiwan under chen yi was strained by social and political instabilities, which were compounded by economic woes, such as hyperinflation.	the roc adminstration of taiwan under chen yi was strained by social and political instabilities, which were compounded by economic woes, such as hyperinflation.
israel uses targeted killings both for vengeance purposes and to paralyze the terrorist activities of its opponents, in a similar style as russia has done during the wars in chechenya.	israel uses targeted killings both for vengeance purposes and to paralyze the activities of its opponents, in a similar style as russia has done during the wars in chechenya.
the result is that most students of these inferior systems read in a manner which produces a constant flushing pattern of the context memory, and a resulting lack of comprehension.	the result is that most students of these systems read in a manner which produces a constant flushing pattern of the context memory, and a resulting lack of comprehension.
under the older cronquist classification system, the polygalaceae was treated in a separate order of its own, the polygalales.	under the cronquist classification system, the polygalaceae was treated in a separate order of its own, the polygalales.
richards performed at the laugh factory the following night without mentioning the incident, but the venue finally since stated that richards is no longer welcome at the venue.	richards performed at the laugh factory the following night without mentioning the incident, but the venue has since stated that richards is no longer welcome at the venue.
sanlam ltd sanlam is a leading financial services group in south africa with its head office in bellville in the western cape.	sanlam ltd sanlam is a financial services group in south africa with its head office in bellville in the western cape.
"bush has limited funding of stem cell research, but he is also the first president to give funding to ""adult"" stem cell research.. bush has generally been negative towards the scientific opinion on climate change, although rather than opposing the science he has tended to avoid it."	"bush has limited funding of stem cell research, but he is also the first president to give funding to ""adult"" stem cell research.. bush has generally been indifferent towards the scientific opinion on climate change, although rather than opposing the science he has tended to avoid it."
mission mountain school was a therapeutic boarding school for girls located in condon, missoula county, montana.	mission mountain school was a behavior modification boarding school for girls located in condon, missoula county, montana.
image:telephonenotes.jpg|notes proving knowledge of reoccurrence of abuse	image:telephonenotes.jpg|notes demonstrating knowledge of reoccurrence of abuse
the two are after $22 million in bank bonds, which is stored inside the panic room.	the two are after $22 million in bearer bonds, which is stored inside the panic room.
in his memoirs, o'callaghan wrote that, although some individual udr soldiers had had links to loyalist terror gangs, he subsequently learned that private martin was not one of them.	in his memoirs, o'callaghan wrote that, although some individual udr soldiers had had links to loyalist paramilitary gangs, he subsequently learned that private martin was not one of them.
her parents are gerald and alice joan slater who divorced in 1974. her mother, alice, is a left-wing nuclear disarmament lobbyist based in new york.	her parents are gerald and alice joan slater who divorced in 1974. her mother, alice, is a nuclear disarmament lobbyist based in new york.
prior to entering parliament, clarke studied a bachelor of laws at the university of sydney and worked as a successful solicitor.	prior to entering parliament, clarke studied a bachelor of laws at the university of sydney and worked as a solicitor.
stephen bear, also known as bear is a british reality television personality, who was featured as a cast member on the third series of mtv's ex on the beach where he began a high-profile relationship with geordie shore star vicky pattison.	stephen bear, also known as bear is a british reality television personality, who was featured as a cast member on the third series of mtv's ex on the beach where he began a relationship with geordie shore star vicky pattison.
it was founded in 1894 and is the club which has won the norwegian cup the most times, last in 2000. after struggling in the lower divisions for many years, the club finally made it back to the norwegian premier league in 1999 and stayed there until they were relegated in 2007. after a dreadful start to the 2005 campaign, odd finally managed to crawl up from the relegation zone.	it was founded in 1894 and is the club which has won the norwegian cup the most times, last in 2000. after struggling in the lower divisions for many years, the club finally made it back to the norwegian premier league in 1999 and stayed there until they were relegated in 2007. after a dreadful start to the 2005 campaign, odd managed to crawl up from the relegation zone.
ripl was originally founded in 2001 by a group of students seeking to further enhance the intellectual property program at the john marshall law school.	ripl was originally founded in 2001 by a group of students seeking to enhance the intellectual property program at the john marshall law school.
very few deaths due to participation in the consumption of ayahuasca have been reported.	a few deaths due to participation in the consumption of ayahuasca have been reported.
jamie denbo, actress and comedienne	jamie denbo, actress and comedian
nonetheless, more than 2,000 east timorese were murdered under his watch, as well as 500,000 forced into displacement.	nonetheless, more than 2,000 east timorese were killed in violence under his watch, as well as 500,000 forced into displacement.
from 1794, he had devoted himself chiefly to literature and after a life of extraordinary productivity died while in weimar, in 1832.	from 1794, he had devoted himself chiefly to literature and after a life of immense productivity died while in weimar, in 1832.
"television included this in their early sets, over- emphasising the ""rave-up"" section."	"television included this in their early sets, emphasising the ""rave-up"" section."
and of course scholars were well aware of the arguments of aristarchus and philolaus, as well as the numerous other classical thinkers who had proposed the theory , such as hicetas (copernicus certainly was).	and of course scholars were well aware of the arguments of aristarchus and philolaus, as well as the numerous other classical thinkers who had proposed the quasi-heliocentric views , such as hicetas (copernicus certainly was).
hentai/ecchi (erotica / erotic-themed mischief )	hentai/ecchi (erotica / erotic-themed)
petra nmcov (, pronounced nyemtzovah; born june 24, 1979 in karvin, czechoslovakia, now czech republic) is a fashion supermodel and; founder and president of happy hearts fund.	petra nmcov (, pronounced nyemtzovah; born june 24, 1979 in karvin, czechoslovakia, now czech republic) is a fashion model and; founder and president of happy hearts fund.
this article relates to the intellectual exclusive right .	this article relates to the intellectual property right.
they were booked to appear at the albert hall and download festival 2008 ; but sadly before these last two events on friday 28 march 2008 the band officially announced they were splitting up.	they were booked to appear at the albert hall and download festival 2008 ; but before these last two events on friday 28 march 2008 the band officially announced they were splitting up.
when they stopped to take some pictures near a railway line, the group was targeted by mortar shells from the ukrainian front.	when they stopped to take some pictures near a railway line, the group was hit by mortar shells from the ukrainian front.
it also encourages the user to pay a small fee, which will then give the user access to limewire pro.	it also encourages the user to pay a fee, which will then give the user access to limewire pro.
the study of feminist legal theory is a school thought based on the common view that law's treatment of women in relation to men has not been equal or fair.	the study of feminist legal theory is a school thought based on the feminist view that law's treatment of women in relation to men has not been equal or fair.
in 1810, independence from spain was declared, causing a long war eventually leading to independence in 1821. after independence, mexican territory slowly decreased in size, losing and selling ground to the invading united states (see mexican-american war).	in 1810, independence from spain was declared, causing a long war eventually leading to independence in 1821. after independence, mexican territory slowly decreased in size, losing and selling ground to the united states (see mexican-american war).
one of these deserters and his followers murdered major mclemore october 5, 1863 while mclemore was dispatched temporarily from the atlanta, ga area back to jones county to round up deserters who had returned there and to recruit any new individuals he could.	one of these deserters and his followers killed major mclemore october 5, 1863 while mclemore was dispatched temporarily from the atlanta, ga area back to jones county to round up deserters who had returned there and to recruit any new individuals he could.
the elder scrolls v: skyrim (2011, bethesda softworks, for xbox 360 and playstation 3) - the first non-japanese game to receive a perfect score.	the elder scrolls v: skyrim (2011, bethesda softworks, for xbox 360 and playstation 3) - the first western developed game to receive a perfect score.
for neutralization of acids and bases	neutralization of acids and bases
shortly afterwards they played at the famous roxy punk club in london's covent garden area.	shortly afterwards they played at the legendary roxy punk club in london's covent garden area.
gribben said he hoped the edition, which does not replace other uncensored versions of the book, would be more friendly for use in classrooms, rather than have the work banned outright from classroom reading lists due to its language.	gribben said he hoped the edition, which does not replace other versions of the book, would be more friendly for use in classrooms, rather than have the work banned outright from classroom reading lists due to its language.
adi da samraj (devangar: ) (november 3, 1939 november 27, 2008), born franklin albert jones in queens, new york, was a controversial spiritual teacher, writer and artist, and the founder of a new religious movement known as adidam.	adi da samraj (devangar: ) (november 3, 1939 november 27, 2008), born franklin albert jones in queens, new york, was a spiritual teacher, writer and artist, and the founder of a new religious movement known as adidam.
he was murdered by the provisional irish republican army.	he was killed by the provisional irish republican army.
gender-neutral pronouns used in ancient english	gender-neutral pronouns used in middle english
paul did not compete in the state, and finished in fifth place with 3% of the vote.	paul did not campaign in the state, and finished in fifth place with 3% of the vote.
she is the daughter of the famous musician and record producer g. wayne thomas,(morning of the earth) and co-starred with heath ledger in the television series sweat (1996) and has most recently been seen in the heath ledger episode of e!	she is the daughter of the musician and record producer g. wayne thomas, (morning of the earth) and co-starred with heath ledger in the television series sweat (1996) and has most recently been seen in the heath ledger episode of e!
catholic church in pogradec (photo by bernard cloutier)	a church in pogradec (photo by bernard cloutier)
although red army units ruthlessly suppressed the uprising, the general dissatisfaction with the state of affairs could not have been more forcefully expressed.	although red army units suppressed the uprising, the general dissatisfaction with the state of affairs could not have been more forcefully expressed.
rethink is a leading mental illness membership charity in england.	rethink is a mental illness membership charity in england.
it re-entered the romanian administration after 1944 when the romanian army succeeded in liberating it.	it re-entered the romanian administration after 1944 when the romanian army succeeded in reoccupying it.
james iii 's attempted invasion	james francis edward 's attempted invasion
president barack obama returned from vacation sporting oliver peoples sunglasses.	president barack obama returned from vacation wearing oliver peoples sunglasses.
it survived by guile and deceit , emerging with the fall of communism, a small but dedicated organisation with members of all ages.	it survived by guile and misdirection , emerging with the fall of communism, a small but dedicated organisation with members of all ages.
this supported the results of an earlier research project where 66% of respondents anticipated that they would actively celebrate australia day 2005.	this reflected the results of an earlier research project where 66% of respondents anticipated that they would actively celebrate australia day 2005.
compared to other public universities in california, ucsd is ranked third, behind only berkeley and ucla.	compared to other public universities in california, ucsd is ranked third, behind berkeley and ucla.
milligan (in honour of the recently deceased member of the british comedy team, the goons), whose father was irish and who took irish citizenship himself when annoyed one day by british bureaucracy when applying for a british passport (having served in their army and been wounded).	milligan (in honour of the recently deceased member of the british comedy team, the goons), whose father was irish and who took irish citizenship himself when annoyed one day by british bureaucracy when applying for a british passport (having served in the british army and been wounded).
the charge of new anti-semitism is meant to apply to all groups that express unreasonable hostility toward israel; to the extent that the left-wing tends to level condemnation and unfair criticism against israel, they are accused of promoting new anti-semitism.	the charge of new anti-semitism is meant to apply to all groups that express unreasonable hostility toward israel; to the extent that the left-wing tends to level condemnation and criticism against israel, they are accused of promoting new anti-semitism.
it was nominated for an outstanding animated program emmy award in 1989, ironically losing to garfield's babes and bullets.	it was nominated for an outstanding animated program emmy award in 1989, losing to garfield's babes and bullets.
sandwiched around a year as head basketball and baseball coach at division iii fairleigh dickinson university in madison, new jersey, brennan was an assistant under college basketball legends rollie massimino at villanova, bill raftery at seton hall and bruce parkhill at william & mary.	sandwiched around a year as head basketball and baseball coach at division iii fairleigh dickinson university in madison, new jersey, brennan was an assistant under college basketball coaches rollie massimino at villanova, bill raftery at seton hall and bruce parkhill at william & mary.
nevertheless, some contemporary macedonian historians like academician ivan katardzhiev and zoran todorovski unwillingly agree with the thesis of bulgarian ethnic consciousness of gotse delchev.	nevertheless, some contemporary macedonian historians like academician ivan katardzhiev and zoran todorovski agree with the thesis of bulgarian ethnic consciousness of gotse delchev.
"the last known welsh hillman, ""jess"", was purchased in 1974 from a hill farm near hay-on-wye by the author and broadcaster jeanine mcmullen, and was unfortunately spayed before her owner realised her rarity."	"the last known welsh hillman, ""jess"", was purchased in 1974 from a hill farm near hay-on-wye by the author and broadcaster jeanine mcmullen, and was spayed before her owner realised her rarity."
"bbc: visions of the future - february 29, 2008 - this is part of the excellent bbc series entitled ""visions of the future""."	"bbc: visions of the future - february 29, 2008 - this is part of the bbc series entitled ""visions of the future""."
stefani has created a successful fashion line, named l.a.m.b., which showcases clothing and accessories that she is often seen wearing herself.	stefani has created a fashion line, named l.a.m.b., which showcases clothing and accessories that she is often seen wearing herself.
the iron guard was ultra- nationalist, anti-communist, antisemitic and fascist in character.	the iron guard was nationalist, anti-communist, antisemitic and fascist in character.
the original bill was passed in 1939 by the state of california in response to the plight of who earned millions of dollars as a beloved child actor only to discover, upon reaching adulthood, that his parents had spent almost all of his money.	the original bill was passed in 1939 by the state of california in response to the plight of who earned millions of dollars as a successful child actor only to discover, upon reaching adulthood, that his parents had spent almost all of his money.
the station is about 5 minutes walk from the centre of the village, where the famous pennine way begins, with the nags head public house being 'the official start of the pennine way'.	the station is about 5 minutes walk from the centre of the village, where the pennine way begins, with the nags head public house being 'the official start of the pennine way'.
blag linux and gnu is a gnu/ linux distribution made by the brixton linux action group.	blag linux and gnu is a linux distribution made by the brixton linux action group.
recent genetic studies involving mitochondrial dna have confirmed that all domestic golden hamsters are descended from one female, obviously the one captured by israel aharoni in 1930.	recent genetic studies involving mitochondrial dna have confirmed that all domestic golden hamsters are descended from one female, probably the one captured by israel aharoni in 1930.
scott hann (born june 26, 1980) is an english gymnastics coach, currently serving as the director of coaching for the prestigeous south essex gymnastics club in basildon, essex.	scott hann (born june 26, 1980) is an english gymnastics coach, currently serving as the director of coaching for the south essex gymnastics club in basildon, essex.
"is a type of false medicine, highly controversial among experts, that aims to treat ""like with like."""	"is a type of alternative medicine, highly controversial among experts, that aims to treat ""like with like."""
he plays center effectively for the boston bruins in the nhl.	he plays center for the boston bruins in the nhl.
hardcore feminization may also mean the male being the recipient of anal sex by a female using a strap-on dildo, sometimes called pegging, or employing some form of orgasm control, usually through the use of a chastity belt or cage.	feminization may also mean the male being the recipient of anal sex by a female using a strap-on dildo, sometimes called pegging, or employing some form of orgasm control, usually through the use of a chastity belt or cage.
"birmingham is traditionally england's ""second city"", though this title is also occasionally incorrectly claimed by manchester."	"birmingham is traditionally england's ""second city"", though this title is also occasionally claimed by manchester."
"however, evolutionists such as david barash point out the term ""just so story"" when applied to a proposed evolutionary adaptation is simply a derogatory term for a hypothesis."	"however, academics such as david barash point out the term ""just so story"" when applied to a proposed evolutionary adaptation is simply a derogatory term for a hypothesis."
"tadj ol-molouk (born nimtaj ayromlou; 17 march 1896 10 march 1982) was queen consort of iran as the wife of reza shah, founder of the pahlavi dynasty and shah of iran between 1925 and 1941. the title she was given after becoming queen means ""crown of the kings"" in the arabic language."	"tadj ol-molouk (born nimtaj ayromlou; 17 march 1896 10 march 1982) was queen consort of iran as the wife of reza shah, founder of the pahlavi dynasty and shah of iran between 1925 and 1941. the title she was given after becoming queen means ""crown of the kings"" in the persian language."
this point is disputed by the interim government of iraq under a plan approved by the united nations, which asserts that the best way for a people to be free of foreign interference and to manage their own affairs is by holding free elections as a western-style liberal democracy.	this point is disputed by the interim government of iraq under a plan approved by the united nations, which asserts that the best way for a people to be free of foreign interference and to manage their own affairs is by holding elections as a western-style liberal democracy.
this led to the abandonment of the obnoxious practice of locking passengers in their carriages in france.	this led to the abandonment of the then-common practice of locking passengers in their carriages in france.
"the intricate details of the murder, the relationship between litvinenko and berezosvsky, and the implications of the case have been aptly described in the 2007 book, ""death of a dissident the poisoning of alexander litvinenko and the return of the kgb"" by alex goldfarb with marina litvinenko."	"the intricate details of the murder, the relationship between litvinenko and berezosvsky, and the implications of the case have been described in the 2007 book, ""death of a dissident the poisoning of alexander litvinenko and the return of the kgb"" by alex goldfarb with marina litvinenko."
attaining an unconfirmed length of , the mekong giant catfish grows extremely quickly, reaching a mass of in only six years.	attaining an unconfirmed length of , the mekong giant catfish grows extremely quickly, reaching a mass of in six years.
for example, the wonderful sight of maxiongshan, which is not only is the birthplace of the nanpanjiang river that is the pearl river trunk stream and the beipanjiang river that is its tributaries stream, but also is line demarcation of nanpanjiang river, beipanjiang river and niulanjiang river (changjiang river system), reaching the top of maxiongshan, three rivers scenery all in eyes.	for example, the sight of maxiongshan, which is not only is the birthplace of the nanpanjiang river that is the pearl river trunk stream and the beipanjiang river that is its tributaries stream, but also is line demarcation of nanpanjiang river, beipanjiang river and niulanjiang river (changjiang river system), reaching the top of maxiongshan, three rivers scenery all in eyes.
elizabeth imogene webber (previously lansing and spencer) is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	elizabeth imogene webber (previously lansing and spencer) is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
"in the european parliament elections of 2004 he was a candidate of the ""russian party in estonia"", and received only 107 votes."	"in the european parliament elections of 2004 he was a candidate of the ""russian party in estonia"", and received 107 votes."
"it currently holds a meager 38% approval rating on rottentomatoes.com, marking it as ""rotten."""	"it currently holds a 38% approval rating on rottentomatoes.com, marking it as ""rotten."""
the concept of central europe, and that of a common identity, is somewhat elusive.	the concept of central europe, and that of a common identity, can be seen somewhat elusive.
at the time those words were written guinness had never acknowledged anyone as having reached the age of 114, but longevity has increased in recent years.	at the time those words were written guinness had never acknowledged anyone as having reached the age of 114, but longevity claims have increased in recent years.
the explanation of the paradox is the theory of evolution.	one possible explanation of the paradox is the theory of evolution.
the beautiful people was written in 1994 by marilyn manson and twiggy ramirez, ostensibly in a hotel room while on tour.	the beautiful people was written in 1994 by marilyn manson and twiggy ramirez, in a hotel room while on tour.
opposition took the form of both those in the north who believed the south had the right to be independent and those in the south who wanted neither war nor a union incursion into the newly declared confederate states of america.	opposition took the form of both those in the north who believed the south had the right to be independent and those in the south who wanted neither war nor a union advance into the newly declared confederate states of america.
he played five tests for new zealand on their poor tour of england in 1958.	he played five tests for new zealand on their tour of england in 1958.
blood libels are false accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.	blood libels false accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.
however, instead of the anxiety focusing on a fear of embarrassing themselves or being judged by other people because of their social ineptness (as in cases in the western world), sufferers of taijin kyofusho instead display a fear of hurting or offending other people; the focus is thus on avoiding harm to others rather than to oneself.	however, instead of the anxiety focusing on a fear of embarrassing themselves or being judged by other people because of their social ineptness (as in cases in the western world), sufferers of taijin kyofusho instead report a fear of hurting or offending other people; the focus is thus on avoiding harm to others rather than to oneself.
in 1972, the jp was sold to barry rose, who also edited the magazine until he sold the jp back to butterworths in 1997. the back volumes of the jp contain a fascinating history of the life and times of england and wales.	in 1972, the jp was sold to barry rose, who also edited the magazine until he sold the jp back to butterworths in 1997. the back volumes of the jp contain a history of the life and times of england and wales.
eminent scholars of islam, such as sheikh ul-islam imam malik, and imam shafi amongst others, ruled that islam disallowed homosexuality and ordained capital punishment for a person guilty of it.	scholars of islam, such as sheikh ul-islam imam malik, and imam shafi amongst others, ruled that islam disallowed homosexuality and ordained capital punishment for a person guilty of it.
he was a supporter of linus pauling's very controversial theory that many diseases result from overproduction of free radicals and can accordingly be prevented or cured by vitamin c; this led him to treat many conditions with high intravenous doses of vitamin c. he also believed that vaccination schemes have been used for deliberate genocide (among indigenous australians, and in spreading hiv in africa); and that the us government systematically planned to get rid of undesirables such as criminals by encouraging people with known heart problems to be vaccinated.	he was a supporter of linus pauling's controversial theory that many diseases result from overproduction of free radicals and can accordingly be prevented or cured by vitamin c; this led him to treat many conditions with high intravenous doses of vitamin c. he also believed that vaccination schemes have been used for deliberate genocide (among indigenous australians, and in spreading hiv in africa); and that the us government systematically planned to get rid of undesirables such as criminals by encouraging people with known heart problems to be vaccinated.
icons of evolution is a pseudoscientific book by the intelligent design advocate and fellow of the discovery institute, jonathan wells, and a 2002 video about the book.	icons of evolution is a book by the intelligent design advocate and fellow of the discovery institute, jonathan wells, and a 2002 video about the book.
messeturm is a well-known skyscraper in frankfurt am main, germany.	messeturm is a skyscraper in frankfurt am main, germany.
one of his best recordings is with the chris barber band, sharing the clarinet spot with the band's regular reedsmen, john crocker and ian wheeler.	one of his recordings is with the chris barber band, sharing the clarinet spot with the band's regular reedsmen, john crocker and ian wheeler.
a player who has very little or no chance of winning will often try to place herself in stalemate in order to avoid a loss.	a player who has very little or no chance of winning will often try to place the king in stalemate in order to avoid a loss.
the exterior outdoor high street of cwmderi was recreated from scratch, while many interiors are shot inside the cavernous roath lock studios.	the exterior outdoor high street of cwmderi was recreated from scratch, while many interiors are shot inside the roath lock studios.
"bob and george and ""silver koopa and friends"" are perfect examples of humorous sprite comics, while ""warriors of the net"" is an example of serious sprite comics."	"bob and george and ""silver koopa and friends"" are examples of humorous sprite comics, while ""warriors of the net"" is an example of serious sprite comics."
however , opus dei has been alleged to function as a secret society which is out to gain power in the catholic church and in society.	on the other hand , opus dei has been alleged to function as a secret society which is out to gain power in the catholic church and in society.
dr. fredric schiffer purports to have experimented with lateralizing glasses which restrict patients to one side of the visual field or the other, in turn stimulating the associated hemisphere.	dr. fredric schiffer claims to have experimented with lateralizing glasses which restrict patients to one side of the visual field or the other, in turn stimulating the associated hemisphere.
"the great french harpist and composer henriette reni (1875-1956) wrote a ""ballade fantastique d'aprs le coeur rvlateur d'edgard po"" (""fantastic ballad based on 'the tell-tale heart' by edgar poe"") for harp solo, which reflects the madness of the murderer."	"the french harpist and composer henriette reni (1875-1956) wrote a ""ballade fantastique d'aprs le coeur rvlateur d'edgard po"" (""fantastic ballad based on 'the tell-tale heart' by edgar poe"") for harp solo, which reflects the madness of the murderer."
brooke had advanced to within a mile of the main american posistion, but he had suffered heavier casualties than the americans, and it was getting dark, so he chose to wait until fort mchenry was expected to be netureliezed .	brooke had advanced to within a mile of the main american posistion, but he had suffered heavier casualties than the americans, and it was getting dark, so he chose to wait until fort mchenry was expected to be neutralized .
the main source of the controversy has been centered on aaryn gries, who made numerous ignorant remarks directed at several of the houseguests.	the main source of the controversy has been centered on aaryn gries, who made numerous offensive remarks directed at several of the houseguests.
ernest renan, in the origins of christianity, claims that mithraism was the prime competitor to christianity in the second through the fourth centuries, although some scholars feel his claims that the emperors nero, commodus, septimius severus, caracalla, and the tetrarchs were initiates are dubious as there is little evidence that mithraic worship was accorded official status as a roman cult .	ernest renan, in the origins of christianity, claims that mithraism was the prime competitor to christianity in the second through the fourth centuries, although some scholars feel his claims that the emperors nero, commodus, septimius severus, caracalla, and the tetrarchs were initiates are dubious as there is little evidence that mithraic worship was accorded official status as a roman religion .
for example, the modern interpretation of the history of the visigoths is very different from that reflected in the eleventh edition which used the now out- dated great man method: there is no entry for visigoth or goth, rather the history of the tribe is found under the entry for alaric i.	for example, the modern interpretation of the history of the visigoths is very different from that reflected in the eleventh edition which used the now out- of-favor great man method: there is no entry for visigoth or goth, rather the history of the tribe is found under the entry for alaric i.
it is believed that secret fleets of black helicopters are ready to take control when the new world order is set up.	it is claimed that secret fleets of black helicopters are ready to take control when the new world order is set up.
at metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film has received an average score of 82, based on 39 reviews.	by comparison, metacritic , which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream critics, the film has received an average score of 82, based on 39 reviews.
it features the late american actress brittany murphy's vocals.	it features the american actress brittany murphy's vocals.
the hotel is a high-end 43-story 1,117 suite hotel owned and operated by mgm mirage.	the hotel is a 43-story 1,117 suite hotel owned and operated by mgm mirage.
a further important stream of work emerging from the la school is represented by scott and storper's many publications on flexible specialization, agglomeration, and the economic dynamics of the contemporary metropolis.	a further stream of work emerging from the la school is represented by scott and storper's many publications on flexible specialization, agglomeration, and the economic dynamics of the contemporary metropolis.
a state-of-the-art fountain park sits immediately opposite the terminal building, in the center of the aquarium's main car & bus loop.	a fountain park sits immediately opposite the terminal building, in the center of the aquarium's main car & bus loop.
the documentary film food, inc. contains numerous references to monsanto and its dubious business practices.	the documentary film food, inc. contains numerous references to monsanto and its business practices.
the role of the human rights torch relay is to awareness of the communist party of china's human rights abuses .	the role of the human rights torch relay is to awareness of the communist party of china's human rights record .
his latest film, a scanner darkly, based on the classic science fiction novel by philip k. dick, co-stars winona ryder, robert downey jr., and woody harrelson.	his latest film, a scanner darkly, based on the science fiction novel by philip k. dick, co-stars winona ryder, robert downey jr., and woody harrelson.
in the book sideways stories from wayside school, all the kids were named after people he met at his strange school.	in the book sideways stories from wayside school, all the kids were named after people he met at his school.
the propaganda was widely used by numerous pro-israeli media outlets.	the claim was widely used by numerous pro-israeli media outlets.
it also features a memorable score and original songs by jaye barnes luckett of the rock group poperratic (then known as alien tempo experiment 13) and h is orange.	it also features a score and original songs by jaye barnes luckett of the rock group poperratic (then known as alien tempo experiment 13) and h is orange.
george allen (1969 & 1970) who died tragically of heart failure in a practice match at benalla in 1971, aged 22.	george allen (1969 & 1970) who died of heart failure in a practice match at benalla in 1971, aged 22.
"on the other hand, in 1992, washington post pollster richard morin questioned that worn theory in a september 27 sunday ""outlook"" section article, citing ""substantial evidence negative ads didn't work four years ago."	"on the other hand, in 1992, washington post pollster richard morin questioned that theory in a september 27 sunday ""outlook"" section article, citing ""substantial evidence negative ads didn't work four years ago."
the development studio was established in 2010, by former employees of other well known british games developers, such as codemasters, bizarre creations, criterion games, ubisoft reflections, slightly mad studios, black rock studio, juice games, sony liverpool and many other world-class developers that are known for their racing video games.	the development studio was established in 2010, by former employees of other well known british games developers, such as codemasters, bizarre creations, criterion games, ubisoft reflections, slightly mad studios, black rock studio, juice games, sony liverpool and many other developers that are known for their racing video games.
some anti-nationalists oppose all types of nationalism, even ethnic nationalism among oppressed minority groups.	some anti-nationalists oppose all types of nationalism, including ethnic nationalism among oppressed minority groups.
bagramian many georgians have subsequently blamed armenians, along with abkhazians and russians, for their loss of control in abkhazia and the displacement of georgians from abkhazia.	many georgians have subsequently blamed armenians, along with abkhazians and russians, for their loss of control in abkhazia and the displacement of georgians from abkhazia.
suzuki motor corporation is a low-quality japanese manufacturing company producing a range of small automobiles (especially keicars), a full range of motorcycles, outboard motors, and a variety of other small combustion-powered engine products.	suzuki motor corporation is a japanese manufacturing company producing a range of small automobiles (especially keicars), a full range of motorcycles, outboard motors, and a variety of other small combustion-powered engine products.
the rumor proved to be false when state-run newspapers referred to him as senior general three days later.	the news proved to be false when state-run newspapers referred to him as senior general three days later.
however, many foreign men and women indulge in sex tourism, which is thriving at resorts along kenya's coast.	however, many foreign men and women take part in sex tourism, which is thriving at resorts along kenya's coast.
another thoroughfare, regents drive, runs perpendicular to mckeldin mall and is home to the iconic memorial chapel and the campus farms.	another thoroughfare, regents drive, runs perpendicular to mckeldin mall and is home to the memorial chapel and the campus farms.
the club's excellent ground pairc nan laoch (gaelic for park of heroes) is in portree, isle of skye.	the club's ground pairc nan laoch (gaelic for park of heroes) is in portree, isle of skye.
"eagles (often erroneously referred to as ""the eagles"") is an american rock band formed in los angeles, california during the early 1970s."	"eagles (often referred to as ""the eagles"") is an american rock band formed in los angeles, california during the early 1970s."
the congregation of christian brothers is a world-wide community of religious brothers of the catholic church, founded by blessed edmund rice.the first school was opened in waterford, ireland, in 1802. the christian brothers, as they are commonly known, chiefly work for the evangelization and education of youth, but work in many ministries, especially ministries with the poor.	the congregation of christian brothers is a world-wide community of religious brothers of the catholic church, founded by edmund rice.the first school was opened in waterford, ireland, in 1802. the christian brothers, as they are commonly known, chiefly work for the evangelization and education of youth, but work in many ministries, especially ministries with the poor.
"on november 10, 2016, three days of peaceful protests in portland, oregon, turned into a riot, when a small group of ""anarchists"" broke off from a larger group of peaceful protesters who were opposed to the election of donald trump as president of the united states."	"on november 10, 2016, three days of peaceful protests in portland, oregon, turned into a riot, when a small group described as ""anarchists"" broke off from a larger group of peaceful protesters who were opposed to the election of donald trump as president of the united states."
201416 houthi coup	201416 houthi takeover
perverted justice is a prolific anti-pedophile organisation that aims to expose and convict adults who solicit minors in order to commit child sexual abuse on the internet.	perverted justice is a anti-pedophile organisation that aims to expose and convict adults who solicit minors in order to commit child sexual abuse on the internet.
"the presbyter john has often been confused with the apostle john, though not by jerome: in de viris illustribus (""praise of famous men""), chapter xviii, in discussing papias, jerome states"	"the presbyter john has often been identified with the apostle john, though not by jerome: in de viris illustribus (""praise of famous men""), chapter xviii, in discussing papias, jerome states"
a paramedic may be best defined as a medical professional who provides medical care at an advanced life support level in the pre-hospital environment, usually in an emergency, at the point of illness or injury.	a paramedic may be more formally defined as a medical professional who provides medical care at an advanced life support level in the pre-hospital environment, usually in an emergency, at the point of illness or injury.
ichiban records is a popular hip hop record label.	ichiban records is a hip hop record label.
the book of mormon is a fraud sacred text of the latter day saint movement, which adherents believe contains writings of ancient prophets who lived on the american continent from approximately 2200 bc to ad 421. it was first published in march 1830 by joseph smith as the book of mormon: an account written by the hand of mormon upon plates taken from the plates of nephi.	the book of mormon is a sacred text of the latter day saint movement, which adherents believe contains writings of ancient prophets who lived on the american continent from approximately 2200 bc to ad 421. it was first published in march 1830 by joseph smith as the book of mormon: an account written by the hand of mormon upon plates taken from the plates of nephi.
the network broadcasts top-quality football from a range of competitions throughout the football season, with live coverage of one match each wednesday from the uefa champions league.	the network broadcasts football from a range of competitions throughout the football season, with live coverage of one match each wednesday from the uefa champions league.
"info:: turkey's public administration and administrative law is based on french; a citizenship policy with supposedly no ethnic consideration.</div> as a revolutionary left-wing organization pkk claimed there was a ""mass violence by turkish state on the kurd identity"" to justify its activities."	"info:: turkey's public administration and administrative law is based on french; a citizenship policy with no ethnic consideration.</div> as a revolutionary left-wing organization pkk claimed there was a ""mass violence by turkish state on the kurd identity"" to justify its activities."
the seti@home distributed computing software, available for all major operating systems, runs either as a screensaver or continuously while a user works, utilizing otherwise wasted processor power for useful research.	the seti@home distributed computing software, available for all major operating systems, runs either as a screensaver or continuously while a user works, utilizing otherwise wasted processor power for research.
the hal tejas conducting an inverted pass shown here is an excellent example of fly-by-wire control.	the hal tejas conducting an inverted pass shown here is an example of fly-by-wire control.
on september 14, 2009, jury selection in the wrongful death case finally began at the sacramento county superior court's main courthouse in the city of sacramento.	on september 14, 2009, jury selection in the wrongful death case began at the sacramento county superior court's main courthouse in the city of sacramento.
around 76,614 of the migrated population came from north-west frontier province, 26,143 from sindh, 24,438 from pakistan controlled kashmir, and 21,372 from other countries.	around 76,614 of the migrated population came from north-west frontier province, 26,143 from sindh, 24,438 from pakistan -administered kashmir, and 21,372 from other countries.
between 23 and 100 local civilians (majority serb) were murdered by members of a croatian paramilitary unit.	between 23 and 100 local civilians (majority serb) were murdered by members of a croatian military unit.
creation according to genesis, the hebrew creation myth as told in the first book of the bible, genesis.	creation according to genesis, the hebrew creation account as told in the first book of the bible, genesis.
secularity is the state of lacking religious or spiritual qualities.	secularity is the state of being free from religious or spiritual qualities.
the revolutionary democratic group (rdg) is a tiny socialist organisation in the united kingdom.	the revolutionary democratic group (rdg) is a socialist organisation in the united kingdom.
the son of a veteran of the spanish civil war and a domineering housewife, willie is the daily victim of three school bullies.	the son of a veteran of the spanish civil war and a housewife, willie is the daily victim of three school bullies.
rationing is sometimes used to fairly distribute food in times of shortage, most notably during times of war.	rationing is sometimes used to distribute food in times of shortage, most notably during times of war.
hurricane klaus was an unusual atlantic hurricane that hit the leeward islands from the west in november of the 1984 atlantic hurricane season.	hurricane klaus was an atlantic hurricane that hit the leeward islands from the west in november of the 1984 atlantic hurricane season.
a marine corps communique initially reported that 15 civilians were killed by the bomb's blast and eight terrorists were subsequently killed when the marines returned fire against those attacking the convoy.	a marine corps communique initially reported that 15 civilians were killed by the bomb's blast and eight insurgents were subsequently killed when the marines returned fire against those attacking the convoy.
"he is an avowed ultra- conservative; some of his critics describe him as ""slightly to the right of genghis khan""."	"he is an avowed conservative; some of his critics describe him as ""slightly to the right of genghis khan""."
while it did not constitute evidence of destruction, he did admit leaving a diatribe on one computer:	while it did not constitute evidence of destruction, he did admit leaving a threat on one computer:
one good example was ina eloise young (later ina young kelley).	one example was ina eloise young (later ina young kelley).
"television comedienne carol burnett, 28, married television producer joe hamilton in a ceremony in juarez, mexico, on the same day, after hamilton had obtained ""a quickie mexican divorce""."	"television comedian carol burnett, 28, married television producer joe hamilton in a ceremony in juarez, mexico, on the same day, after hamilton had obtained ""a quickie mexican divorce""."
la guardia was hardly an orthodox republican.	la guardia was not an orthodox republican.
the lack of arbitrage is crucial for existence of a risk-neutral measure.	the absence of arbitrage is crucial for existence of a risk-neutral measure.
comedienne stevie ryan parodies the show in episode 5 of season 2 of her vh1 series stevie tv.	comedian stevie ryan parodies the show in episode 5 of season 2 of her vh1 series stevie tv.
in most united states jurisdictions a defendant is allowed the opportunity to allocute—that is, explain himself —before sentence is passed.	in most united states jurisdictions a defendant is allowed the opportunity to allocute—that is, explain themself —before sentence is passed.
an earth teenager from the year 1966, she was a companion of the first doctor and a regular in the programme in its third season, from february to july, 1966. dodo was a typical teenage girl of the 1960s, bright and happy and yet not very sophisticated.	an earth teenager from the year 1966, she was a companion of the first doctor and a regular in the programme in its third season, from february to july, 1966. dodo was a teenage girl of the 1960s, bright and happy and yet not very sophisticated.
there are several terrorist groups operating in nagaland, in northeastern india.	there are several partisan groups operating in nagaland, in northeastern india.
the popular novelist ayn rand attempted a positive moral defense of laissez-faire capitalism, most notably in her 1957 novel atlas shrugged.	the novelist ayn rand attempted a positive moral defense of laissez-faire capitalism, most notably in her 1957 novel atlas shrugged.
flares are often, but not always, accompanied by a spectacular coronal mass ejection.	flares are often, but not always, accompanied by a coronal mass ejection.
subsequently, countless newspaper and magazine stories and books as well as films were published nationwide about how hard and diligently the villagers of dazhai had worked to build the village into one with not only well-managed fields and bountiful crops, but engineering marvels such as amazing reservoirs and grandiose aqueducts crossing deep valleys for irrigation.	subsequently, numerous newspaper and magazine stories and books as well as films were published nationwide about how hard and diligently the villagers of dazhai had worked to build the village into one with not only well-managed fields and bountiful crops, but engineering marvels such as amazing reservoirs and grandiose aqueducts crossing deep valleys for irrigation.
also since the english fa's recent desicion to part with sven-gran eriksson as england head coach, guus has been widely tipped as a leading contender to take over as england head coach after the world cup.	also since the english fa's recent decision to part with sven-gran eriksson as england head coach, guus has been widely tipped as a leading contender to take over as england head coach after the world cup.
these victories, as time transpired, would dramatically transform the balance of power in east asia, resulting in a sober reassessment of japan's recent entry onto the world stage.	these victories, as time transpired, would dramatically transform the balance of power in east asia, resulting in a reassessment of japan's recent entry onto the world stage.
annie's homegrown, a maker of homegrown organic foods (or annie's naturals, a condiments brand within the company)	annie's homegrown, a maker of organic foods (or annie's naturals, a condiments brand within the company)
there are different covers for the regional versions of fifa 09. all covers feature ronaldinho with different players for each region except for the cover in spain: the uk and australian covers feature crappy wayne rooney; the german cover features kevin kurnyi; the italian cover features daniele de rossi; the irish cover features richard dunne; the czech cover features petr ech and rooney; the french cover features franck ribry and karim benzema; the hungarian cover features balzs dzsudzsk; the portuguese cover features ricardo quaresma; the spanish cover features gonzalo higuan; the swiss cover features tranquillo barnetta; and the north american version features guillermo ochoa and maurice edu.	there are different covers for the regional versions of fifa 09. all covers feature ronaldinho with different players for each region except for the cover in spain: the uk and australian covers feature wayne rooney; the german cover features kevin kurnyi; the italian cover features daniele de rossi; the irish cover features richard dunne; the czech cover features petr ech and rooney; the french cover features franck ribry and karim benzema; the hungarian cover features balzs dzsudzsk; the portuguese cover features ricardo quaresma; the spanish cover features gonzalo higuan; the swiss cover features tranquillo barnetta; and the north american version features guillermo ochoa and maurice edu.
in 2006 the new york times published a humorous review of the company's situation in an article by david pogue.	in 2006 the new york times published a review of the company's situation in an article by david pogue.
rms lusitania was a lusitania-class british luxury ocean liner owned by the cunard line and built by john brown and company of clydebank, scotland, torpedoed by a german u-boat on may 7, 1915. the great ship sank in just 18 minutes, eight miles (15 km) off the old head of kinsale, ireland, killing 1,198 of the 1,959 people aboard.	rms lusitania was a lusitania-class british luxury ocean liner owned by the cunard line and built by john brown and company of clydebank, scotland, torpedoed by a german u-boat on may 7, 1915. the ship sank in just 18 minutes, eight miles (15 km) off the old head of kinsale, ireland, killing 1,198 of the 1,959 people aboard.
lilac hill is a picturesque cricket ground in western australia in the perth suburb of guildford, where the swan river flows around its southern and eastern sides.	lilac hill is a cricket ground in western australia in the perth suburb of guildford, where the swan river flows around its southern and eastern sides.
"in 2014, the obama administration undertook a ""rebranding effort"" by euphemizing the hunger strikes as ""long term non-religious fasting."""	"in 2014, the obama administration undertook a ""rebranding effort"" by referring to the hunger strikes as ""long term non-religious fasting."""
hydroplate theory is a concept proposed by retired usaf colonel and mechanical engineer dr. walt brown of superfast continental drift in his book titled, in the beginning: compelling evidence for creation and the flood.	hydroplate theory is a pseudoscientific theory proposed by retired usaf colonel and mechanical engineer dr. walt brown of superfast continental drift in his book titled, in the beginning: compelling evidence for creation and the flood.
ussr occupied bessarabia in the beginning of world war ii (see molotov-ribbentrop pact) and again at the end of world war ii, and reorganised it as moldavian ssr, by adding the moldavian assr and transferring its southern and northern parts to ukrainian ssr.	ussr annexed bessarabia in the beginning of world war ii (see molotov-ribbentrop pact) and again at the end of world war ii, and reorganised it as moldavian ssr, by adding the moldavian assr and transferring its southern and northern parts to ukrainian ssr.
shide hill house, which sadly was demolished in the 1970s, was situated with its back towards st. george's lane and pan chalk pit with the reception rooms looking westwards across the blackwater road, river and railway to the open fields on the other side of the valley.	shide hill house, which was demolished in the 1970s, was situated with its back towards st. george's lane and pan chalk pit with the reception rooms looking westwards across the blackwater road, river and railway to the open fields on the other side of the valley.
underway is a reconfiguration of the east/south split between i-70 and i-79, which will eliminate the notorious one-lane, low-speed loop ramp from i-79 northbound to i-70 westbound, replacing it with a two-lane, high-speed flyover ramp.	underway is a reconfiguration of the east/south split between i-70 and i-79, which will eliminate the one-lane, low-speed loop ramp from i-79 northbound to i-70 westbound, replacing it with a two-lane, high-speed flyover ramp.
the main characteristics of magadhi prakrit is to corrupt r into s, the n for n, of j for y, of b for y in the edicts of ashoka the change of r to h is established.	the main characteristics of magadhi prakrit is to mutate r into s, the n for n, of j for y, of b for y in the edicts of ashoka the change of r to h is established.
rovell recently made a controversial remark in an article regarding an american athlete, meb keflezighi, suggesting that he was a racist .	rovell recently made a controversial remark in an article regarding an american athlete, meb keflezighi, suggesting that he was a ringer .
qualman was a featured speaker at bookexpo america 2009, presenting to the 30,000 in attendance on how social media is transforming the way we live and do business.	qualman was a featured speaker at bookexpo america 2009 , presenting to the 30,000 in attendance on how social media is transforming the way people live and do business.
in february 1960, the united states planned a coup against the government of iraq headed by dictator abd al-karim qasim, who two years earlier had deposed the western-allied iraqi monarchy.	in february 1960, the united states planned a coup against the government of iraq headed by prime minister abd al-karim qasim, who two years earlier had deposed the western-allied iraqi monarchy.
in more recent years, the town has gained two covered shopping centres, both of which are situated in the central high street area.	in more recent years, the town has had added two covered shopping centres, both of which are situated in the central high street area.
this type of euphemism is used in public relations and politics, where it is sometimes disparagingly called doublespeak.	this type of euphemism is used in public relations and politics, where it is sometimes called doublespeak.
shh ism'il abu'l-mozaffar bin sheikh haydar bin sheikh junayd safaw (july 17, 1487 - may 23, 1524), was a turkic shah of iran and the founder of the safavid empire, which survived until 1736. shah ismail started his campaign in azerbaijan in 1502, and had re-unified all of iran by 1509. he was a shia muslim from ardabil in northwestern iran and reigned as shh ism'il i of irn from 1502 to 1524. he is revered as a spiritual guide in alevism, as well as playing a key role in the rise of the twelver branch of shia islam over the formerly dominant ismaili.	shh ism'il abu'l-mozaffar bin sheikh haydar bin sheikh junayd safaw (july 17, 1487 - may 23, 1524), was a shah of iran and the founder of the safavid empire, which survived until 1736. shah ismail started his campaign in azerbaijan in 1502, and had re-unified all of iran by 1509. he was a shia muslim from ardabil in northwestern iran and reigned as shh ism'il i of irn from 1502 to 1524. he is revered as a spiritual guide in alevism, as well as playing a key role in the rise of the twelver branch of shia islam over the formerly dominant ismaili.
he is also a member of the secretive bilderberg group, and as such has attracted some controversy.	he is also a member of the bilderberg group, and as such has attracted some controversy.
"nick griffin jovially described the party's pr department (one of its most important strata) as being ""basically made with shoestring, ceiling wax and bits of orange peel""."	"nick griffin described the party's pr department (one of its most important strata) as being ""basically made with shoestring, ceiling wax and bits of orange peel""."
despite these improvements, 8.1 was still panned for not addressing all of the digressions of 8 (such as a poor level of integration between metro-style apps and the desktop interface), and the potential privacy implications of 8.1's expanded use of online services.	despite these improvements, 8.1 was still criticised for not addressing all of the digressions of 8 (such as a poor level of integration between metro-style apps and the desktop interface), and the potential privacy implications of 8.1's expanded use of online services.
the church requires members to eschew masturbation, fornication, adultery, pornography, prostitution, rape, homosexual practices, and artificial contraception.	the church requires members to eschew masturbation, fornication, adultery, pornography, prostitution, rape, homosexual practices, and contraception.
none of these deductions is particularly germane to the story: they are merely holmesian logical pyrotechnics .	none of these deductions is particularly germane to the story: they are merely holmesian logical exercises .
thorpe is a tiny nottinghamshire village or hamlet lying to the east of east stoke about a mile off the a46 fosse way, and situated in the countryside southwest of newark.	thorpe is a nottinghamshire village or hamlet lying to the east of east stoke about a mile off the a46 fosse way, and situated in the countryside southwest of newark.
worth seeing are the beautiful areas such as belgrade's fine old city, chiefly skadarlija, the national museum and adjacent national theatre, zemun, nikola pai square, terazije, students' square, kalemegdan fortress, and knez mihailova (pictured right).	worth seeing are the historic areas such as belgrade's fine old city, chiefly skadarlija, the national museum and adjacent national theatre, zemun, nikola pai square, terazije, students' square, kalemegdan fortress, and knez mihailova (pictured right).
koopman's project started on erato records, but was nearly derailed when warner which had acquired the harnoncourt-leonhardt bach cantata recordings when it acquired teldec from telefunken in 1988 also acquired erato, thus making koopman's new project redundant within warner's catalogue.	koopman's project started on erato records, but was nearly derailed when warner which had acquired the harnoncourt-leonhardt bach cantata recordings when it acquired teldec from telefunken in 1988 also acquired erato, thus making koopman's new project a duplication within warner's catalogue.
frayne claims he will launch a forum designed to openly discuss the benefits and pitfalls of holding the olympic in chicago.	frayne states he will launch a forum designed to openly discuss the benefits and pitfalls of holding the olympic in chicago.
their debut album, grass roots, was never released because ruthless did not consider the positive themes reflected in the group's music to be marketable to their audience.	their debut album, grass roots, was never released because ruthless did not consider the social themes reflected in the group's music to be marketable to their audience.
mary and rhoda is a 2000 made-for-television movie that reunited mary tyler moore and valerie harper as mary richards and rhoda morgenstern respectively from the classic 19701977 sitcom the mary tyler moore show.	mary and rhoda is a 2000 made-for-television movie that reunited mary tyler moore and valerie harper as mary richards and rhoda morgenstern respectively from the 19701977 sitcom the mary tyler moore show.
unlike the above examples, these are persons who are enlisted or commissioned in the army of a nation state and they are thus regular soldiers, and in no way associated with the terrorist mujahideens.	unlike the above examples, these are persons who are enlisted or commissioned in the army of a nation state and they are thus regular soldiers, and in no way associated with the mujahideens.
saviola scored another goal in the europa league on december 2 to help benfica beat bate borisov 2-1.on the 12 of december saviola scored a beautiful chip vs academica where benfica won 4-0.	saviola scored another goal in the europa league on december 2 to help benfica beat bate borisov 2-1.on the 12 of december saviola scored a chip vs academica where benfica won 4-0.
she was a struggling stand-up comedienne , trying to win over crowds with her stories of the modeling business.	she was a struggling stand-up comedian , trying to win over crowds with her stories of the modeling business.
members, has stated that screw did not use ice, and fully believe that someone within their large group sabotaged screw by slipping the substance into his codeine one night, leading to his unfortunate death.	members, has stated that screw did not use ice, and fully believe that someone within their large group sabotaged screw by slipping the substance into his codeine one night, leading to his death.
"the parents television council (ptc) is a controversial us-based nonprofit organization founded by conservative activist l. brent bozell iii whose stated goal is to ""promote and restore responsibility to the entertainment industry."""	"the parents television council (ptc) is a us-based nonprofit organization founded by conservative activist l. brent bozell iii whose stated goal is to ""promote and restore responsibility to the entertainment industry."""
"this station went on the air as krow' in 1925, and used those call letters until 1959. it was a full-service station known for launching the career of comedienne phyllis diller and for helping the career of ""the world's greatest disc jockey"" don sherwood, prior to his great career at ksfo."	"this station went on the air as krow' in 1925, and used those call letters until 1959. it was a full-service station known for launching the career of comedian phyllis diller and for helping the career of ""the world's greatest disc jockey"" don sherwood, prior to his great career at ksfo."
his impact on constitutional law is without peer, and his imprint on the court's jurisprudence remains indelible.	according to the oyez project, marshall's impact on constitutional law is without peer, and his imprint on the court's jurisprudence remains indelible.
on imdb it currently has an abysmal 3.3/10 reviewed from 647 viewers.	on imdb it currently has an 3.3/10 reviewed from 647 viewers.
she consistently turned out breathtaking collections thereafter.	she consistently turned out notable collections thereafter.
"he further stated that ""all counsel to this matter unequivocally agree that the presence of lsu in the aforementioned contest of pigskin skill unquestionably constitutes good grounds"" and went on to say that ""in fact we have been unable through much imagination and hypothetical scenarios to think of a better reason."""	"he stated that ""all counsel to this matter unequivocally agree that the presence of lsu in the aforementioned contest of pigskin skill unquestionably constitutes good grounds"" and went on to say that ""in fact we have been unable through much imagination and hypothetical scenarios to think of a better reason."""
the role catapulted her onto the fabled hollywood a-list.	the role catapulted her onto the hollywood a-list.
"five new songs were commissioned for the movie, including ""all together now"" (a soccer-crowd favorite), ""it's all too much"" (a sweeping george harrison-composed epic that is highly underrated), ""baby, you're a rich man"", a song that made its public debut on the magical mystery tour album; ""only a northern song"" a low key harrison track originally recorded during sessions for sgt."	"five new songs were commissioned for the movie, including ""all together now"" (a soccer-crowd favorite), ""it's all too much"" (a sweeping george harrison-composed epic that some think highly underrated), ""baby, you're a rich man"", a song that made its public debut on the magical mystery tour album; ""only a northern song"" a low key harrison track originally recorded during sessions for sgt."
medical professionals underscore that it is unethical to deny surgical or hormonal treatments to transsexuals solely on the basis of their hiv or hepatitis status.	medical professionals assert that it is unethical to deny surgical or hormonal treatments to transsexuals solely on the basis of their hiv or hepatitis status.
since 2008 tesla has sold more than 1,500 roadsters in 30 countries as of march 2011. tesla began producing right-hand-drive roadsters in early 2010 for the britain, australia, japan, hong kong and singapore.	since 2008 tesla has sold more than 1,500 roadsters in 30 countries as of march 2011. tesla began producing right-hand-drive roadsters in early 2010 for great britain, australia, japan, hong kong and singapore.
"the term ""biblical literalism"" is primarily pejorative."	"the term ""biblical literalism"" is occassionally pejorative."
in april 2016, planting peace erected a billboard in mississippi to protest the state's new anti-gay law, which allows individuals to deny service to lgbt members for religious reasons.	in april 2016, planting peace erected a billboard in mississippi to protest the state's new law, which allows individuals to deny service to lgbt members for religious reasons.
trees are a particularly promising source of ethanol because they grow all year round, require significantly less fertilizer and water and contain far more carbohydrates (the chemical precursors of ethanol) than food crops (like corn) do.	trees are a promising source of ethanol because they grow all year round, require significantly less fertilizer and water and contain far more carbohydrates (the chemical precursors of ethanol) than food crops (like corn) do.
the first man who saw the need for a clear definition of probability was laplace.	the first mathematician who saw the need for a clear definition of probability was laplace.
neo decapitated bane/smith with a pipe to end smith's terrorism in the real world.	neo decapitated bane/smith with a pipe to end smith's actions in the real world.
an example of the latter was the amnesty that was granted to conscientious objectors and draft dodger s in the wake of the vietnam war in the 1970s, in an effort by president carter to heal war wounds, given that both the war and the draft were over.	an example of the latter was the amnesty that was granted to conscientious objectors and draft evader s in the wake of the vietnam war in the 1970s, in an effort by president carter to heal war wounds, given that both the war and the draft were over.
furthermore 20.18% of those denizens also consider themselves to be hispanic or latino.	furthermore 20.18% of those residents also consider themselves to be hispanic or latino.
orlando figes (born 20 november 1959) is a multiple-award-winning british historian of russia, and professor of history at birkbeck, university of london.	orlando figes (born 20 november 1959) is a british historian of russia, and professor of history at birkbeck, university of london.
other notable roles include sid the sloth in the animated ice age films (20022016) and the narrator of the sitcom the brothers garca (20002004).	other roles include sid the sloth in the animated ice age films (20022016) and the narrator of the sitcom the brothers garca (20002004).
bret hart was due to appear in the documentary but was taken out due to strong personal conflicts between the film's producer and hart and his management.	bret hart was due to appear in the documentary but was taken out due to personal conflicts between the film's producer and hart and his management.
in 2004 music historian david howard claimed that matlock did not perform on any of the never mind the bollocks recording sessions.	in 2004 music historian david howard stated that matlock did not perform on any of the never mind the bollocks recording sessions.
with typical mining humour, it was christened sputnik by the men.	with typical mining humour, it was named sputnik by the men.
zambia unfortunately lost to malawi 3-2 in the final.	zambia lost to malawi 3-2 in the final.
cross-sectional diagram of vietcong tunnel system used by the communist insurgents during the vietnam war	cross-sectional diagram of vietcong tunnel system used by the communist insurgents during the american war
in the 2006 world cup finals, rosick scored two brilliant goals in the czech republic's 3-0 victory over the united states in their opening match, on june 12, 2006. the czech republic went out at the world cup in the group stages, with rosick forced to move into the attack after injuries to both of the country's star strikers, jan koller and milan baro.	in the 2006 world cup finals, rosick scored two goals in the czech republic's 3-0 victory over the united states in their opening match, on june 12, 2006. the czech republic went out at the world cup in the group stages, with rosick forced to move into the attack after injuries to both of the country's star strikers, jan koller and milan baro.
...that despite german and soviet attempts to destroy polish culture during world war ii, it was kept alive by underground activities, with the polish home army even creating newsreels?	...that despite german and soviet attempts to suppress polish culture during world war ii, it was kept alive by underground activities, with the polish home army even creating newsreels?
radio historian gerald s. nachman has noted the jordans were ready to renew with nbc for at least three more years when marian's valiant battle against cancer ended in her death in 1961. jim jordan lent his voice to disney's animated film the rescuers (1977) before dying in 1988—a year before fibber mcgee and molly was inducted into the radio hall of fame.	radio historian gerald s. nachman has noted the jordans were ready to renew with nbc for at least three more years when marian's battle against cancer ended in her death in 1961. jim jordan lent his voice to disney's animated film the rescuers (1977) before dying in 1988—a year before fibber mcgee and molly was inducted into the radio hall of fame.
philip reilly, founder and executive director of helper's of god's precious infants, on a routine basis, where he leads processions from area churches to local abortion mills with hundreds of faithful to pray for an end to abortion.	philip reilly, founder and executive director of helper's of god's precious infants, on a routine basis, where he leads processions from area churches to local abortion clinics with hundreds of faithful to pray for an end to abortion.
her dream run came to an end in the hands of 2nd seed and eventual champion karolna plkov.	her run came to an end in the hands of 2nd seed and eventual champion karolna plkov.
the album offers 10 melodies and 3 bonus tracks on the re-release of 2004. clawfinger also released four singles (detailed below) and three videos (nigger, the truth and warfair).	the album offers 10 standard tracks and 3 bonus tracks on the re-release of 2004. clawfinger also released four singles (detailed below) and three videos (nigger, the truth and warfair).
the dam is popular with fishermen and has a large colony of waterfowl.	the dam is popular with anglers and has a large colony of waterfowl.
finnish civilian casualties during the war were nonexistent, despite what people may belive , as the civilians had began evacuating from their own initiative and evacuations were continued by the finnish military.	finnish civilian casualties during the war were nonexistent, despite what people may believe , as the civilians had began evacuating from their own initiative and evacuations were continued by the finnish military.
passing over long-time voice talent david hayter.	passing over long-time voice actor david hayter.
a summary of the debate over the work can be found here between several major antagonists and professor alerovitz.	a summary of the debate over the work can be found here between several major critics and professor alerovitz.
four suspects were arrested by idf forces for kidnapping and killing asheri, all al-aqsa martyrs' brigades activists and palestinian preventive security force members.	four suspects were captured by idf forces for kidnapping and killing asheri, all al-aqsa martyrs' brigades activists and palestinian preventive security force members.
mary beth hurt (born september 26, 1946) is an american actress of stage and screen.	mary beth hurt (born september 26, 1946) is an american actor of stage and screen.
demi miller is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shana swash.	demi miller is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shana swash.
reviews for hannibal have been overwhelmingly positive.	reviews for hannibal have been positive.
kratz gained wrongful convictions of both defendants in trials in 2007. avery was sentenced to life without parole.	kratz gained convictions of both defendants in trials in 2007. avery was sentenced to life without parole.
the position is that of a ceremonial president , while actual power is held by the prime minister, whom the o le ao o le malo appoints on the recommendation of the fono.	the position is that of a ceremonial head of state , while actual power is held by the prime minister, whom the o le ao o le malo appoints on the recommendation of the fono.
sadly kathy ann rae died from cancer on 11 january 2011.	kathy ann rae died from cancer on 11 january 2011.
"ynet reports that the mosque was the primary target, that several terrorists , some intending to launch rockets, were among the 21 dead, and that the idf ""does not view the incident as a work accident."	"ynet reports that the mosque was the primary target, that several militants , some intending to launch rockets, were among the 21 dead, and that the idf ""does not view the incident as a work accident."
for instance, when duesenberg introduced their fabulous model j, it was offered as chassis only, for $8,500.	for instance, when duesenberg introduced their model j, it was offered as chassis only, for $8,500.
this unfortunatley ruled him out of playing finals at the end of 2006.	this ruled him out of playing finals at the end of 2006.
early historical evaluations were very negative about grant's presidency.	early historical evaluations were mostly negative about grant's presidency.
scott lee peterson (born october 24, 1972) is an american psychopath who was convicted of the murder of his wife, laci peterson, who was eight months pregnant with a boy whom they planned to name conner.	scott lee peterson (born october 24, 1972) is an american who was convicted of the murder of his wife, laci peterson, who was eight months pregnant with a boy whom they planned to name conner.
joe satriani's legendary album surfing with the alien includes a song called ice 9.	joe satriani's album surfing with the alien includes a song called ice 9.
she later claimed that she was suffering from a spring allergy and was likely suppressing a cough.	she later said that she was suffering from a spring allergy and was likely suppressing a cough.
bristol city paid 150,000 for him in 2004, but due to the superb form of steve brooker and leroy lita, his chances in the first team were limited.	bristol city paid 150,000 for him in 2004, but due to the form of steve brooker and leroy lita, his chances in the first team were limited.
since the annexation of crimea by the russian federation in 2014, the airport is only used for flights to and from russia .	since the annexation of crimea by the russian federation in 2014, the airport is only used for flights to and from russian airports .
"their second american album, rant n' rave with the stray cats, appeared in 1983 and produced another top ten hit in the #5 smash ""(she's) sexy + 17,"" as well as a minor top 40 entry in the doo wop-styled ballad ""i won't stand in your way."""	"their second american album, rant n' rave with the stray cats, appeared in 1983 and produced another top ten hit in the #5 hit song ""(she's) sexy + 17,"" as well as a minor top 40 entry in the doo wop-styled ballad ""i won't stand in your way."""
in contrast to the christian-only boys' brigade which was started two decades earlier, robert baden-powell founded the scout movement as a youth organization (with boys as 'scouts' and girls as 'guides') which was independent of any single faith or religion, yet still acknowledged that spirituality and a belief in a higher power were key to the development of young people.	in contrast to the christian-only boys' brigade which was started two decades earlier, robert baden-powell founded the scout movement as a youth organization (with boys as 'scouts' and girls as 'guides') which was independent of any single faith or religion, yet still held that spirituality and a belief in a higher power were key to the development of young people.
it is a dynamic roman catholic, benedictine, liberal arts, and residential college located on bluffs overlooking the missouri river about forty-five minutes northwest of kansas city, missouri.	it is a roman catholic, benedictine, liberal arts, and residential college located on bluffs overlooking the missouri river about forty-five minutes northwest of kansas city, missouri.
in 2006, the club for growth attacked rookie michigan representative joe schwarz for a number of moderate views on fiscal issues including his votes against the elimination of wasteful earmarks in appropriations bills and on social issues such as abortion, gun control, and border security, and endorsed his primary opponent, tim walberg, a social and fiscal conservative affiliated with the chicago-based moody bible institute.	in 2006, the club for growth attacked rookie michigan representative joe schwarz for a number of moderate views on fiscal issues including his votes against the elimination of earmarks in appropriations bills and on social issues such as abortion, gun control, and border security, and endorsed his primary opponent, tim walberg, a social and fiscal conservative affiliated with the chicago-based moody bible institute.
this particular work laid out the groundwork for his iconoclastic style of filmmaking; extreme violence and base, vile subject matter used primarily to offend closed-minded people.	this particular work laid out the groundwork for his iconoclastic style of filmmaking; extreme violence and base, vile subject matter used primarily to offend people.
of course a person could be both a tax protester and a tax resister if they incorrectly believe that tax laws do not apply to them and also believe that taxes should not be paid based on the use to which they are put.	of course a person could be both a tax protester and a tax resister if they believe that tax laws do not apply to them and also believe that taxes should not be paid based on the use to which they are put.
"bbws (acronym for ""big beautiful woman"") are the focus of a vaguely-defined, fairly widespread internet subculture with interests centered around the acceptance, support, and admiration of overweight women."	"bbws (acronym for ""big beautiful woman"") are the focus of a vaguely-defined, fairly widespread internet subculture with interests centered around the acceptance, support, and admiration of larger women."
several violent outcomes occur with some predictable anti-government rhetoric.	several violent outcomes occur with some anti-government rhetoric.
the station's website is a leading source of local news, updated current weather information, local sports scores, school closings, and other important information.	the station's website is a source of local news, updated current weather information, local sports scores, school closings, and other important information.
julissa d'anne gomez (november 4, 1972 – august 8, 1991) was an american gymnast whose rapid rise through the ranks of elite gymnastics in the mid-1980s was tragically cut short by a vaulting accident in 1988 that left her a quadriplegic.	julissa d'anne gomez (november 4, 1972 – august 8, 1991) was an american gymnast whose rapid rise through the ranks of elite gymnastics in the mid-1980s was cut short by a vaulting accident in 1988 that left her a quadriplegic.
philanthropist, talk show host, book critic, actress and magazine publisher oprah winfrey, the richest african american of the 20th century, the world's only black billionaire and one of the most influential people in the u.s.	philanthropist, talk show host, book critic, actor and magazine publisher oprah winfrey, the richest african american of the 20th century, the world's only black billionaire and one of the most influential people in the u.s.
the plan is hailed by some as a chinese effort to shift towards alternate energy sources and to further develop its industrial and commercial bases but others have criticised it for its potential harmful effects, such as massive resettlement of refugees , loss of archeological sites, and ecological damage.	the plan is hailed by some as a chinese effort to shift towards alternate energy sources and to further develop its industrial and commercial bases but others have criticised it for its potential harmful effects, such as massive resettlement of residents in the reservoir areas , loss of archeological sites, and ecological damage.
imre nagy, the prime minister of hungary murdered by the soviets in 1956, was buried in an unmarked grave in the neighboring new public cemetery.	imre nagy, the prime minister of hungary executed by the soviets in 1956, was buried in an unmarked grave in the neighboring new public cemetery.
"in 1957, evelyn hooker published her influential paper ""the adjustment of the male overt homosexual,"" where she found that ""homosexuals were not inherently abnormal and that there was no difference between homosexual and heterosexual men in terms of pathology."""	"in 1957, evelyn hooker published her paper ""the adjustment of the male overt homosexual,"" where she found that ""homosexuals were not inherently abnormal and that there was no difference between homosexual and heterosexual men in terms of pathology."""
as of 2004 this naming convention has not yet gained widespread use.	as of 2004 this naming convention has not gained widespread use.
cedric benson attended lee high school in midland, texas, and finished his superb career with 8,423 rushing yards in his career (the most in texas 5a history and the fourth most in texas high school football history).	cedric benson attended lee high school in midland, texas, and finished his career with 8,423 rushing yards in his career (the most in texas 5a history and the fourth most in texas high school football history).
joanna lamond lumley, obe, frgs (born 1 may 1946) is an english actress, comedienne , voice-over artist, former model and author, who starred in the british television series absolutely fabulous as edina monsoon's best friend, patsy stone, as well as in the new avengers, sapphire & steel, jam & jerusalem and sensitive skin.	joanna lamond lumley, obe, frgs (born 1 may 1946) is an english actress, comedian , voice-over artist, former model and author, who starred in the british television series absolutely fabulous as edina monsoon's best friend, patsy stone, as well as in the new avengers, sapphire & steel, jam & jerusalem and sensitive skin.
the main objective of mk is to establish self-governance in cornwall, the southwesternmost county of the united kingdom.	the main objective of mk is to reestablish self-governance in cornwall, the southwesternmost county of the united kingdom.
in late march 2004, the first atlantic cyclone to form south of the equator hit brazil with 40 m/s (144 km/h) winds, although some brazilian meteorologists deny that it was a hurricane.	in late march 2004, the first atlantic cyclone to form south of the equator hit brazil with 40 m/s (144 km/h) winds, although some brazilian meteorologists disagree that it was a hurricane.
critics of non-interventionism frequently add to this confusion by smearing prominent non-interventionists as isolationists.	critics of non-interventionism frequently add to this confusion by describing prominent non-interventionists as isolationists.
is a 1973 made-for-television movie about a young couple, andy and pam (played brilliantly by desi arnaz, jr. and season hubley) who meet after andy places a singles ad in his college newspaper.	is a 1973 made-for-television movie about a young couple, andy and pam (played by desi arnaz, jr. and season hubley) who meet after andy places a singles ad in his college newspaper.
famous alumni include governor samuel j. tilden; former new york city mayors fiorello la guardia, ed koch and rudy giuliani; the four founders of the prestigious law firm wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz; u.s. senators lamar alexander, rudy boschwitz and jacob javits; john f. kennedy, jr.; many u.s. representatives, including mitchell jenkins, jefferson monroe levy and isaac siegel; and southwest airlines founder herb kelleher; as well as nobel peace prize laureates elihu root and mohamed elbaradei.	famous alumni include governor samuel j. tilden; former new york city mayors fiorello la guardia, ed koch and rudy giuliani; the four founders of the law firm wachtell, lipton, rosen & katz; u.s. senators lamar alexander, rudy boschwitz and jacob javits; john f. kennedy, jr.; many u.s. representatives, including mitchell jenkins, jefferson monroe levy and isaac siegel; and southwest airlines founder herb kelleher; as well as nobel peace prize laureates elihu root and mohamed elbaradei.
on march 2, 2011 the u.s. fish and wildlife service declared the eastern cougar to be extinct.	on march 2, 2011 the u.s. fish and wildlife service concluded the eastern cougar to be extinct.
the 20 a plug has the neutral pin rotated 90 degrees, and the 6-20r receptacle may have a t-shaped neutral hole, to accept both 6-15p and 6-20p plugs.	the 20 a plug has the neutral pin rotated 90 degrees, and the 6-20r receptacle may have a t-shaped hot hole, to accept both 6-15p and 6-20p plugs.
however, cbi miserably failed to prove charges against the two, and the delhi high court acquitted both the accused.	however, cbi failed to prove charges against the two, and the delhi high court acquitted both the accused.
there has been speculation in the mainstream media that moussaoui's preference to die as an identified 9/11 plotter rather than receive a life sentence as a member of an unrealized scheme throws doubt on his self-admitted connection to 9/11 .	there has been commentary in the mainstream media that moussaoui's preference to die as an identified 9/11 plotter rather than receive a life sentence as a member of an unrealized scheme throws doubt on his self-admitted connection to 9/11 .
"moore's own production studio is named ""dog eat dog studios."""	"moore's production studio is named ""dog eat dog studios."""
manotick is located immediately south of the booming suburbs barrhaven and riverside south and is about from downtown ottawa.	manotick is located immediately south of the suburbs barrhaven and riverside south and is about from downtown ottawa.
savage hit the savage elbow and bizarrely went for a pinfall, despite pinfalls not counting in this match.	savage hit the savage elbow and went for a pinfall, despite pinfalls not counting in this match.
in 2012, ea sports signed lionel messi to the best-selling fifa franchise, luring him away from the competitor pro evolution soccer.	in 2012, ea sports signed lionel messi to the fifa franchise, luring him away from the competitor pro evolution soccer.
there are a wide variety of terms used by the us federal government to refer to people whose presence in the united states is unauthorised.	there are a variety of terms used by the us federal government to refer to people whose presence in the united states is unauthorised.
the westboro baptist church (wbc) is a nutorious american, independent baptist church known for its extreme ideologies, especially those against homosexuality,	the westboro baptist church (wbc) is a american, independent baptist church known for its extreme ideologies, especially those against homosexuality,
a native of lubbock, texas, moore is unfortunately most remembered for the home run he gave up as an angel to dave henderson in game 5 of the 1986 american league championship series with only one more strike needed to clinch the team's first-ever pennant, and subsequently received the majority of the blame for his team failing to enter the 1986 world series after the boston red sox came back and won.	a native of lubbock, texas, moore is most remembered for the home run he gave up as an angel to dave henderson in game 5 of the 1986 american league championship series with only one more strike needed to clinch the team's first-ever pennant, and subsequently received the majority of the blame for his team failing to enter the 1986 world series after the boston red sox came back and won.
case 39 is an upcoming american/canadian horror film directed by christian alvart and starring actressrene zellweger and young canadian actress jodelle ferland.	case 39 is an upcoming american/canadian horror film directed by christian alvart and starring actress rene zellweger and young canadian actress jodelle ferland.
rudjer joseph boscovich (see name in other languages) (may 18, 1711 – february 13, 1787), was a croatian -italian jesuit, physicist, astronomer, mathematician, philosopher, diplomat and poet from dubrovnik who later lived in england, france and italy.	rudjer joseph boscovich (see name in other languages) (may 18, 1711 – february 13, 1787), was a yugoslavian -italian jesuit, physicist, astronomer, mathematician, philosopher, diplomat and poet from dubrovnik who later lived in england, france and italy.
currently the actu is opposed by another peak council, the minuscule australian council of professional associations which caters to a small number of non-union bodies.	currently the actu is opposed by another peak council, the australian council of professional associations which caters to a small number of non-union bodies.
there have been numerous attacks on humans by captive killer whales, with some of them being fatal.	there have been attacks on humans by captive killer whales, with some of them being fatal.
the fatal mallet is one of more than a dozen early films that writer/director/ comedienne mabel normand made with charles chaplin; normand, who had written and directed films before chaplin, mentored the young comedian.	the fatal mallet is one of more than a dozen early films that writer/director/ comedian mabel normand made with charles chaplin; normand, who had written and directed films before chaplin, mentored the young comedian.
in 2012, flood guest-starred in an episode of the series titanic: blood and steel, as samuel johanson.	in 2012, flood appeared in an episode of the series titanic: blood and steel, as samuel johanson.
it is the fourth installment of the acclaimed civilization series.	it is the fourth installment of the civilization series.
a number of reform movements have also given rise to sects like swami dayananda saraswati's which condemns iconolatry, veneration of multiple deities and focuses on the vedas and the vedic fire-sacrifices (yaja).	a number of movements have also given rise to sects like swami dayananda saraswati's which condemns iconolatry, veneration of multiple deities and focuses on the vedas and the vedic fire-sacrifices (yaja).
the bi-partisan appointment republican model is a proposal for australian constitutional reform .	the bi-partisan appointment republican model is a proposal for australian constitutional change .
tidus and yuna's mutual love for one another intensifies as the distance between the party members and their destination grows slim.	tidus and yuna's mutual attraction for one another intensifies as the distance between the party members and their destination grows slim.
danny boyle (born 20 october 1956) is an english film director, producer, screenwriter and theatre director, best known for his work on films such as slumdog millionaire, shallow grave, 28 days later, 127 hours and trainspotting.	danny boyle (born 20 october 1956) is an english film director, producer, screenwriter and theatre director, known for his work on films such as slumdog millionaire, shallow grave, 28 days later, 127 hours and trainspotting.
staite would again play a young engineer on a spaceship years later as kaylee frye in the cult television series firefly.	staite would again play a young engineer on a spaceship years later as kaylee frye in the television series firefly.
bill mccoll (born 1930), american football star and politician	bill mccoll (born 1930), american football player and politician
his campaign was especially hurt by his courageous vote to close loring air force base in limestone, maine.	his campaign was especially hurt by his vote to close loring air force base in limestone, maine.
robert kenneth carr (19081979) was an influential american scholar in the field of government/political science.	robert kenneth carr (19081979) was an american scholar in the field of government/political science.
the mujahideen were deemed responsible for the barbaric decapitation of six young russian conscripts caught in dagestan during a rebel incursion.	the mujahideen were deemed responsible for the decapitation of six young russian conscripts caught in dagestan during a rebel incursion.
the argentine claim is included in the transitional provisions of the constitution of argentina as amended in 1994:	the argentine position is included in the transitional provisions of the constitution of argentina as amended in 1994:
windschuttle claims that much of australian aboriginal history, particularly as written since the late 1970s, was based on the use of questionable or unreliable evidence and on deliberate misrepresentation and fabrication of historical evidence.	windschuttle argues that much of australian aboriginal history, particularly as written since the late 1970s, was based on the use of questionable or unreliable evidence and on deliberate misrepresentation and fabrication of historical evidence.
noel meade is a famous horse trainer from castletown, co. meath, ireland.	noel meade is a horse trainer from castletown, co. meath, ireland.
upright=0.9| up-to-date reconstruction of nectocaris, based on 92 specimens.	upright=0.9| recent reconstruction of nectocaris, based on 92 specimens.
jeph loeb, one of comic's top authors and occasional writer for the tv show smallville, brings to hush his trademark romanticism, which comes through most clearly in the romance that blooms between batman and catwoman.	jeph loeb, one of comic's infamous authors and occasional writer for the tv show smallville, brings to hush his trademark romanticism, which comes through most clearly in the romance that blooms between batman and catwoman.
the main through-road (double carriageway for most parts) is the a21 bromley road, which if followed southbound would lead through bromley town centre down to hastings some 55 miles away on the beautiful east sussex coast.	the main through-road (double carriageway for most parts) is the a21 bromley road, which if followed southbound would lead through bromley town centre down to hastings some 55 miles away on the east sussex coast.
the uhl was originally formed in 1991 as the colonial hockey league (cohl) and had teams in brantford, ontario; detroit, michigan; flint, michigan; st. thomas, ontario; and thunder bay, ontario; the avowed goal of the league organizers was to fill the low-level niche in the great lakes area abandoned by the original international hockey league as the latter league engaged in upmarket expansion.	the uhl was originally formed in 1991 as the colonial hockey league (cohl) and had teams in brantford, ontario; detroit, michigan; flint, michigan; st. thomas, ontario; and thunder bay, ontario; the avowed goal of the league organizers was to fill the niche in the great lakes area abandoned by the original international hockey league as the latter league engaged in upmarket expansion.
less than a year after assuming power, heydrich was assassinated .	less than a year after assuming power, heydrich was killed .
connections to pablo escobar and drug trafficking	accusations of links to pablo escobar and drug trafficking
1 samuel and 2 samuel give conflicting accounts of saul's death.	1 samuel and 2 samuel give differing accounts of saul's death.
it is situated around 3 kms from dahod on a sprawling two and half acre campus.	it is situated around 3 kms from dahod on a two and half acre campus.
fiv infected cats are often unnecessarily euthanised.	fiv infected cats are often euthanised.
bangladesh collaborated with bajan diva rihanna on talk that talk.	bangladesh collaborated with bajan singer rihanna on talk that talk.
there is contention over the defining of murdoch's politics as 'conservative', and some feel that it might be more appropriate to see murdoch's politics as being purely pragmatic and opportunistic, and that behind the support he lends to conservative parties, his overriding agenda is to advance the fortunes of himself and news corp. it is also likely that he prefers to support conservative parties in large measure because they advocate laissez-faire economic policies, which would allow news corp a freer hand in its business dealings, and because conservatives tend to support the relaxation or abolition of existing cross-media ownership laws which, in countries such as australia, have restricted murdoch's ability to gain the market dominance that he naturally desires for his company.	there is contention over the defining of murdoch's politics as 'conservative', and some feel that it might be more appropriate to see murdoch's politics as being purely pragmatic and opportunistic, and that behind the support he lends to conservative parties, his overriding agenda is to advance the fortunes of himself and news corp. it is also likely that he prefers to support conservative parties in large measure because they advocate laissez-faire economic policies, which would allow news corp a freer hand in its business dealings, and because conservatives tend to support the relaxation or abolition of existing cross-media ownership laws which, in countries such as australia, have restricted murdoch's ability to gain the market dominance that he desires for his company.
the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported a 69% approval rating based on 225 reviews,with an average score of 7/10.	"the review aggregator website rotten tomatoes reported a 69% ""fresh"" rating based on 225 reviews,with an average score of 7/10."
the player(s) must win all events in order to beat the gam ; losing even one even means game over.	the player(s) must win all events in order to beat the game ; losing even one even means game over.
"the clearest example of the use of the term ""scandinavia"" as a political and societal construct is the unique position of finland, based largely on its having been part of sweden for more than seven centuries, thus to much of the world properly associating finland with all of scandinavia."	"the clearest example of the use of the term ""scandinavia"" as a political and societal construct is the unique position of finland, based largely on its having been part of sweden for more than seven centuries, thus to much of the world associating finland with all of scandinavia."
renewed international glory (1998-present)	renewed international success (1998-present)
"later learning that the term for their condition was the 1,000-yard stare, houle acquiesced , ""after i lost my first friend, i felt it was best to be detached."""	"later learning that the term for their condition was the 1,000-yard stare, houle said , ""after i lost my first friend, i felt it was best to be detached."""
there are several good websites dedicated to dream pop and related genres.	there are several websites dedicated to dream pop and related genres.
ashoka is the global association of the worlds leading social entrepreneurs men and women with system-changing solutions for the worlds most urgent social problems.	ashoka is a well-known global association of the worlds leading social entrepreneurs men and women with system-changing solutions for the worlds most urgent social problems.
the first emperor of china, qin shi huangdi, built part of the great wall to keep the huns out.	the first emperor of china, qin shi huangdi, built part of the great wall to keep the xiongnu out.
since his passing , biederman has been inducted into the canadian motorsport hall of fame.	since his death , biederman has been inducted into the canadian motorsport hall of fame.
sent him through a rubber wall,	sent him through a nine inch wall,
he is one of japan's top kickboxers in the middleweight division.	he is one of japan's kickboxers in the middleweight division.
recently the isp hosting openbittorrent has been ordered to hand over the identity of openbittorrent operators to hollywood movie companies or face a hefty fine of sek 500,000 ($63,633) , the site as well as the tracker were offline for a few weeks but are now online as of 3rd june, 2010.	recently the isp hosting openbittorrent has been ordered to hand over the identity of openbittorrent operators to hollywood movie companies or face a fine of sek 500,000 ($63,633) , the site as well as the tracker were offline for a few weeks but are now online as of 3rd june, 2010.
at the age of 19 bela katona entered the franz liszt academy in budapest to study with the renowned teacher zafaretski, later becoming his teaching assistant.	at the age of 19 bela katona entered the franz liszt academy in budapest to study with the teacher zafaretski, later becoming his teaching assistant.
the decision was announced on december 21, 2007, about a year after the launch of the pilot project, with larry sanger's long essay on the reasoning behind the decision.	the decision was announced on december 21, 2007, about a year after the launch of the pilot project, with larry sanger's essay on the reasoning behind the decision.
the goal that they had, shutting down the meetings, was directly accomplished by placing their bodies and other debris between the wto delegates and the building they were meant to meet in.	the goal that they had, shutting down the meetings, was directly accomplished by placing their bodies and other obstacles between the wto delegates and the building they were meant to meet in.
the scottish government has expressed its intention to hold an independence referendum in late 2014.	the scottish executive has expressed its intention to hold an independence referendum in late 2014.
finishing with a grand total of 387 points, 169 points more than runner up iceland, crushing the previous record of 292 points scored by lordi in 2006.	finishing with a grand total of 387 points, 169 points more than runner up iceland, breaking the previous record of 292 points scored by lordi in 2006.
helmut landsberg's contributions to the field of climatology are unmatched .	helmut landsberg's contributions to the field of climatology are considerable .
in 1960 two goals in a three minute period from dan mccartan and paddy doherty helped beat kerry, who were almost completely unbeaten at the time, and which brought to an end the glorious kerry football regime for a few years, and they beat offaly by a point in 1961 in a tremendous match that featured five first half goals.	in 1960 two goals in a three minute period from dan mccartan and paddy doherty helped beat kerry, who were almost completely unbeaten at the time, and which brought to an end the kerry football regime for a few years, and they beat offaly by a point in 1961 in a tremendous match that featured five first half goals.
unfortunately the design of rtmpe is fundamentally flawed and provides no actual security in itself.	but the design of rtmpe is fundamentally flawed and provides no actual security in itself.
this area shares many similarities with the neighboring ritzy community of paradise valley, arizona.	this area shares many similarities with the neighboring community of paradise valley, arizona.
in the 1991 louisiana gubernatorial election, controversial white supremacist david duke, running as a republican, unexpectedly made his way to second place in the state's infamous jungle primary.	in the 1991 louisiana gubernatorial election, controversial white supremacist david duke, running as a republican, unexpectedly made his way to second place in the state's jungle primary.
"in march 2008, evans admitted in his radio 2 blog that he had taken ""magic mushrooms"" a couple of days before he attended a meat loaf concert at the royal albert hall."	"in march 2008, evans said in his radio 2 blog that he had taken ""magic mushrooms"" a couple of days before he attended a meat loaf concert at the royal albert hall."
the festival has been held yearly since 1959 and showcases superior college jazz ensembles from around the united states.	the festival has been held yearly since 1959 and showcases college jazz ensembles from around the united states.
specialisterne provides services such as software testing, quality control and data conversion for business leading companies in denmark.	specialisterne provides services such as software testing, quality control and data conversion for business companies in denmark.
image:kragujevac2.jpgzastava kragujevac, which produces infamous yugo automobiles, was one of the many factories destroyed</td></tr></table>	image:kragujevac2.jpgzastava kragujevac, which produces yugo automobiles, was one of the many factories destroyed</td></tr></table>
the oppression olympics are a one-upmanship dynamic that can arise within debates about the ideological values of identity politics, intersectionality and social privilege.	the oppression olympics is a term used to describe a one-upmanship dynamic that can arise within debates about the ideological values of identity politics, intersectionality and social privilege.
heavy metal, often referred to as simply metal, is a form of music characterised by aggressive, driving rhythms and highly amplified distorted guitars.	heavy metal, sometimes referred to as simply metal, is a form of music characterised by aggressive, driving rhythms and highly amplified distorted guitars.
for this and other (mainly historical) reasons, most modern freemasons regard the traditional concern over secrecy as a surrogate for the organization's legitimate concern over the privacy of their own affairs.	for this and other (mainly historical) reasons, most modern freemasons regard the traditional concern over secrecy as a surrogate for the organization's concern over the privacy of their own affairs.
the following list of national founding fathers is a record, by country, of men who were credited with establishing their nation.	the following list of national founding figures is a record, by country, of men who were credited with establishing their nation.
this view is based on a belief of a 200 year cycle regarding solar activity and has not gathered wide support yet .	this view is based on a belief of a 200 year cycle regarding solar activity and has not gathered wide support.
harvest moon: back to nature is a video game in the popular farm simulation series harvest moon, developed by victor interactive software.	harvest moon: back to nature is a video game in the farm simulation series harvest moon, developed by victor interactive software.
jaguar cars limited is a struggling british luxury carmaker, owned by the ford motor company with headquarters at browns lane, coventry, england.	jaguar cars limited is a british luxury carmaker, owned by the ford motor company with headquarters at browns lane, coventry, england.
in addition, however, this period marked the appearance of the gal, counter-terrorist forces led by the government which assassinated various terrorists, and the expropriation of rumasa, a trust operated by a shady member of opus dei.	in addition, however, this period marked the appearance of the gal, counter-terrorist forces led by the government which assassinated various terrorists, and the expropriation of rumasa, a trust operated by a member of opus dei.
the tories had slipped behind labour in the opinion polls during 1989 and the gap widened during 1990, but within two months of major taking over as prime minister the tories had returned to the top of the opinion polls, briefly enjoying a comfortable lead after the gulf war.	the conservatives had slipped behind labour in the opinion polls during 1989 and the gap widened during 1990, but within two months of major taking over as prime minister the tories had returned to the top of the opinion polls, briefly enjoying a comfortable lead after the gulf war.
m66 is part of the famous leo triplet, a small group of galaxies that also includes m65 and ngc 3628. as of 2015, four supernovae have been observed in m66.	m66 is part of the leo triplet, a small group of galaxies that also includes m65 and ngc 3628. as of 2015, four supernovae have been observed in m66.
the endangered species act of 1973 protects threatened and endangered species and their habitats, which are monitored by the united states fish and wildlife service.	the endangered species act of 1973 is intended to protect threatened and endangered species and their habitats, which are monitored by the united states fish and wildlife service.
followed_by = predators |	followed_by = alien vs. predator |
"the clich ""wine, women, and song"" is a rhetorical figure of a triad or hendiatris."	"the phrase ""wine, women, and song"" is a rhetorical figure of a triad or hendiatris."
the grand lyce franco-libanais (glfl), is a prestigious french lyce in the achrafieh district of beirut, founded in 1909 by the mission laque franaise.	the grand lyce franco-libanais (glfl), is a french lyce in the achrafieh district of beirut, founded in 1909 by the mission laque franaise.
it is situated not far from table mountain and has a breathtaking view.	it is situated not far from table mountain and has a scenic view.
restrictions were unlawfully placed upon the company by the national park authority, but on 23 july 2008, the snpa was compelled, on appeal, to revoke a planning condition which would have limited sales at the station to tickets and railway souvenirs only.	restrictions were placed upon the company by the national park authority, but on 23 july 2008, the snpa was compelled, on appeal, to revoke a planning condition which would have limited sales at the station to tickets and railway souvenirs only.
wycombe wanderers have astonishingly won the cup a record 26 times, milton keynes dons only started competing in the 2004-05 season.	wycombe wanderers have won the cup a record 26 times, milton keynes dons only started competing in the 2004-05 season.
beginning in 1957, the bryants came to national prominence in both country and pop music when they wrote a string of hugely successful songs for the everly brothers and hits for other singers such as roy orbison and buddy holly.	beginning in 1957, the bryants came to national prominence in both country and pop music when they wrote a string of very successful songs for the everly brothers and hits for other singers such as roy orbison and buddy holly.
intelligent design is presented as supernatural explanations for evolution.	intelligent design is presented as an alternative to natural explanations for evolution.
"the case, which has been dubbed ""roe v. wade for men"" by some , concerns whether the michigan paternity act violates the united states constitution's equal protection clause, in that the act allegedly applies to men but not to women."	"the case, which has been dubbed ""roe v. wade for men"" by the national center for men , concerns whether the michigan paternity act violates the united states constitution's equal protection clause, in that the act allegedly applies to men but not to women."
after the establishment of the communist regime in yugoslavia in 1945, the mansion was confiscated from the karadjordjevi dynasty and became a summer retreat of the yugoslav leader josip broz tito.	after the establishment of the communist state in yugoslavia in 1945, the mansion was confiscated from the karadjordjevi dynasty and became a summer retreat of the yugoslav leader josip broz tito.
according to them, rawat and his family are now entirely supported by personal business investments with no money flowing to them from the organizations supporting his work.	according to them, rawat and his family are entirely supported by personal business investments with no money flowing to them from the organizations supporting his work.
in the late 1980s the party became wisely estranged from the leadership of mikhail gorbachev and criticized his policy of perestroika, leading to the communist party of the soviet union cutting off its support of the cpusa in 1989. the cpusa's 1991 convention was consumed by a debate on the future orientation of the party following the collapse of the eastern bloc.	in the late 1980s the party became estranged from the leadership of mikhail gorbachev and criticized his policy of perestroika, leading to the communist party of the soviet union cutting off its support of the cpusa in 1989. the cpusa's 1991 convention was consumed by a debate on the future orientation of the party following the collapse of the eastern bloc.
he died of a heart attack in 1968, aged only 57.	he died of a heart attack in 1968, aged 57.
the visual-narrative style of classical hollywood cinema as elaborated by david bordwell, was heavily influenced by the ideas of the renaissance and its resurgence of mankind as the focal point.	the visual-narrative style of classical hollywood cinema as elaborated by david bordwell, was heavily influenced by the ideas of the renaissance and its resurgence of humankind as the focal point.
the counterfeiters was released on dvd and blu-ray disc by sony pictures home entertainment on 5 august 2008. the extras on the disc include deleted scenes, a short behind-the-scenes documentary, and informative interviews with burger, ruzowitsky and the lead actor, markovics.	the counterfeiters was released on dvd and blu-ray disc by sony pictures home entertainment on 5 august 2008. the extras on the disc include deleted scenes, a short behind-the-scenes documentary, and interviews with burger, ruzowitsky and the lead actor, markovics.
cute aditya narayan - picture gallery	aditya narayan - picture gallery
they are typically fast players with exceptional ball control and dribbling abilities.	they are typically fast players with decent ball control and dribbling abilities.
nicholas nightingale gruner (born may 4, 1942) is a roman catholic priest and promoter of the message of our lady of fatima, a manifestation of the virgin mary at fatima, portugal in 1917, particularly its anti-communist aspects during the cold war.	nicholas nightingale gruner (born may 4, 1942) is a roman catholic priest and promoter of the message of our lady of fatima, an alleged manifestation of the virgin mary at fatima, portugal in 1917, particularly its anti-communist aspects during the cold war.
retinger approached ex-ss officer prince bernhard of the netherlands, who agreed to promote the idea, together with belgian prime minister paul van zeeland.	retinger approached officer prince bernhard of the netherlands, who agreed to promote the idea, together with belgian prime minister paul van zeeland.
according to callahan, cheating breeds upon a dynamic between a winner class, an upper-class so influential they effectively are exempt from most rules and standards, and an anxious class, often compelled to cheat during a period of downward social mobility, downsizing, and within a cultural climate that worships money and power above personal integrity.	according to callahan, cheating breeds upon a dynamic between a winner class, an upper-class so influential they effectively are exempt from most rules and standards, and an anxious class, often compelled to cheat during a period of downward social mobility, downsizing, and within a cultural climate that values money and power above personal integrity.
in japan as of march 30, 2008, 5,695,579 wiis have been sold in total, compared with 2,009,492 ps3s; however, the xbox 360, which was released almost a year earlier than its competitors, has sold only 602,558 units, according to famitsu/enterbrain.	in japan as of march 30, 2008, 5,695,579 wiis have been sold in total, compared with 2,009,492 ps3s; however, the xbox 360, which was released almost a year earlier than its competitors, has sold 602,558 units, according to famitsu/enterbrain.
firma had published various stories and interviews with key people such as wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales , politician dalia itzik, head of the israeli post office, american apparel founder dov charney, ehud ulmert, binyamin netanyahu and more.	firma had published various stories and interviews with key people such as wikipedia founder jimmy wales , politician dalia itzik, head of the israeli post office, american apparel founder dov charney, ehud ulmert, binyamin netanyahu and more.
"ayer in a rejoinder correctly identified this objection as ""very weak"" as it betrayed an inability to detach the notion of eyes, indeed any sensory organ, from the neural sensory experience."	"ayer in a rejoinder identified this objection as ""very weak"" as it betrayed an inability to detach the notion of eyes, indeed any sensory organ, from the neural sensory experience."
most common people in spain are not aware of its existence and consider it just a dialect of spanish.	most common people in spain are not aware of its existence and consider it a dialect of spanish.
it passes close to the restored mansion at llanerchaeron which is now in the care of the national trust before entering the picturesque town of aberaeron where it enters the sea.	it passes close to the restored mansion at llanerchaeron which is now in the care of the national trust before entering the town of aberaeron where it enters the sea.
without paul's campaign against the legalists who opposed him, christianity would have remained a dissenting sect within judaism , for example see noahidism.	without paul's campaign against the legalists who opposed him, christianity may have remained a dissenting sect within judaism , for example see noahidism.
proponents also argue that automobile-purchasing decisions that may have global effects should not be left entirely up to individuals operating in a free market.	proponents also state that automobile-purchasing decisions that may have global effects should not be left entirely up to individuals operating in a free market.
the ira enjoyed some popular support in the republic of ireland in the early 70s.	the ira had some popular support in the republic of ireland in the early 70s.
thirteen suspected members of the ira were arrested during raids as the british and irish governments attempted to apprehend the killers, however no one was ever convicted of the murders .	thirteen suspected members of the ira were arrested during raids as the british and irish governments attempted to apprehend the killers, however no one was ever convicted of the killings .
while ottawa is now a major metropolis and canada's fourth largest city, at the time it was a sometimes unruly logging town in the hinterland, far away from the colony's main cities, quebec city and montreal in canada east, and kingston and toronto in canada west.	while ottawa is now a metropolis and canada's fourth largest city, at the time it was a sometimes unruly logging town in the hinterland, far away from the colony's main cities, quebec city and montreal in canada east, and kingston and toronto in canada west.
in fact, brother bushman back at brown university (which is one of the four universities in the country where egyptian has always been a big thing), showed them the anthon transcript, and parker immediately recognized them as meroitic.	in fact, bushman back at brown university (which is one of the four universities in the country where egyptian has always been a big thing), showed them the anthon transcript, and parker immediately recognized them as meroitic.
when the supreme court greatly restricted laws prohibiting abortions in its infamous roe v. wade decision (1973) even those sanctions became harder to use.	when the supreme court greatly restricted laws prohibiting abortions in its notable roe v. wade decision (1973) even those sanctions became harder to use.
since 1974, greek cypriots submitted a number of proposals within the context of bicommunal discussions for the return of varosha to un administration, allowing the return of its lawful inhabitants, requesting also the opening of famagusta harbour for use by both communities.	since 1974, greek cypriots submitted a number of proposals within the context of bicommunal discussions for the return of varosha to un administration, allowing the return of its previous inhabitants, requesting also the opening of famagusta harbour for use by both communities.
the morphogen provides spatial information by forming a concentration gradient that subdivides a field of cells by inducing or maintaining the expression of different target genes at distinct concentration thresholds.	the morphogen is assumed to provide spatial information by forming a concentration gradient that subdivides a field of cells by inducing or maintaining the expression of different target genes at distinct concentration thresholds.
mustafa kemal established himself as a brilliant military commander while serving as a division commander in the battle of gallipoli.	mustafa kemal established himself as a successful military commander while serving as a division commander in the battle of gallipoli.
it is seen as an effort to fight piracy of windows xp, and also to counter the spread of the open source linux operating system which has been gaining popularity in asia, even though the latter has none of the restrictions of xp's starter editon	it is seen as an effort to fight unauthorized copying of windows xp, and also to counter the spread of the open source linux operating system which has been gaining popularity in asia, even though the latter has none of the restrictions of xp's starter editon
jorgi, who had been a resident of germany from may 1969 until 1992, was responsible for multiple atrocities .	jorgi, who had been a resident of germany from may 1969 until 1992, was responsible for multiple crimes .
"another source compares the song to john prine's 1974 ""dear abby"" in terms of melody and cadence as well as the theme of steve goodman's immortal ""a dying cubs fans last request""."	"another source compares the song to john prine's 1974 ""dear abby"" in terms of melody and cadence as well as the theme of steve goodman's ""a dying cubs fans last request""."
by 1993, thai joined the albanian extremist political emigration in switzerland, where he pursued postgraduate studies at the university of zurich in the history and international relations departments.	by 1993, thai joined the albanian political emigration in switzerland, where he pursued postgraduate studies at the university of zurich in the history and international relations departments.
anna may wong (january 3 1905 – february 2 1961) was an american actress, and the first asian american to become a movie star.	anna may wong (january 3 1905 – february 2 1961) was an american actress, and the first chinese american to become a movie star.
he was educated at dulwich college, from which he was unfortunately expelled, then worked briefly as an animator before his required national service.	he was educated at dulwich college, from which he was expelled, then worked briefly as an animator before his required national service.
furthermore, spectacular views of the wasatch mountains, (including mount timpanogos) can be seen from the campus.	furthermore, views of the wasatch mountains, (including mount timpanogos) can be seen from the campus.
he first sat in the male guest-star seat in the top row left, then later sat in the iconic center square while he filled in for charles nelson reilly when reilly was working on other projects.	he first sat in the male guest-star seat in the top row left, then later sat in the center square while he filled in for charles nelson reilly when reilly was working on other projects.
he was criticised for his discriminatory views by the scottish government as well as by gaelic speaking twitter users.	he was criticised for his views by the scottish government as well as by gaelic speaking twitter users.
the museum is famous for its collections of courtly culture, musical instruments, furniture, oil paintings, sketches, clocks, stoneware, majolica, miniatures, porcelain and faience, and its fascinating statues.	the museum is famous for its collections of courtly culture, musical instruments, furniture, oil paintings, sketches, clocks, stoneware, majolica, miniatures, porcelain and faience, and its statues.
based on his study of christianity, hinduism, buddhism, gnosticism, taoism, and other traditions, jung perceived that this journey of transformation, which he called individuation, is at the mystical heart of all religions.	based on his study of christianity, hinduism, buddhism, gnosticism, taoism, and other traditions, jung believed that this journey of transformation, which he called individuation, is at the mystical heart of all religions.
at the end of the 19th century, the palace and the churchills were saved from ruin by an american marriage.	at the end of the 19th century, the palace and the churchills were saved from ruin by a north american marriage .
euclideon pty ltd is an australian computer software company best known for their revolutionary unreleased middleware 3d graphics engine, called unlimited detail.	euclideon pty ltd is an australian computer software company best known for their claims regarding an unreleased middleware 3d graphics engine, called unlimited detail.
she was the daughter of morgan peter kavanagh (died 1874), author of various worthless philological works and some poems.	she was the daughter of morgan peter kavanagh (died 1874 ), author of various philological works and some poems.
"epiphany (greek: ', ""appearance"" or ""manifestation"") is a christian feast intended to celebrate the ""shining forth"" or revelation of god to humankind in human form, in the person of jesus."	"epiphany (greek: ', ""appearance"" or ""manifestation"") is a christian feast intended to celebrate the ""shining forth"" or revelation of god to mankind in human form, in the person of jesus."
the devisive save aramoana campaign was formed in 1974 to oppose the smelter.	the save aramoana campaign was formed in 1974 to oppose the smelter.
also, several versions of movie posters from both films are eeriely similar.	also, several versions of movie posters from both films are similar.
the congregation merged with golders green methodist church (now trinity church, hodford road) in 1979. there is a unitarian chapel built in the romanesque style on hoop lane which contains some interesting murals from the 1920s.	the congregation merged with golders green methodist church (now trinity church, hodford road) in 1979. there is a unitarian chapel built in the romanesque style on hoop lane which contains some murals from the 1920s.
vancouver apc organisers have declared their intention to occupy another building in the near future.	vancouver apc organizers have declared their intention to occupy another building in the near future.
daigeler tragically committed suicide on november 9, 1995, barely four months after his electoral defeat.	daigeler committed suicide on november 9, 1995, barely four months after his electoral defeat.
blood libels are false accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals.	blood libels are accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals.
the industrial revolution led to a population increase, but the chance of surviving childhood did not improve throughout the industrial revolution (although infant mortality rates were improved markedly).	the industrial revolution led to a population increase, but the chance of surviving childhood did not improve throughout the industrial revolution (although infant mortality rates were reduced markedly).
the exemption of developing countries from kyoto protocol restrictions has been used to rationalize non-ratification by the u.s. and a previous australian government.	the exemption of developing countries from kyoto protocol restrictions has been used to justify non-ratification by the u.s. and a previous australian government.
roosevelt invoked the act after italy's invasion of ethiopia in october 1935, preventing all arms and ammunition shipments to both countries.	roosevelt invoked the act after italy's invasion of ethiopia in october 1935, preventing all arms and ammunition shipments to belligerent countries.
on the other hand, papua has over 270 indigenous papuan and austronesian languages, in a region of just 2.7 million people.	on the other hand, papua has over 270 indigenous papuan and austronesian languages, in a region of about 2.7 million people.
she has lived in an elizabethan grade ii listed house in pinner for 23 years with her current husband, publisher brian cowan and loved son alexander.	she has lived in an elizabethan grade ii listed house in pinner for 23 years with her current husband, publisher brian cowan and son alexander.
brussels is known for its local waffle, its delicious chocolate, its french fries and its numerous types of beers .	brussels is known for its local waffle, its chocolate, its french fries and its numerous types of beers .
the 18th century saw the arrival of some interesting improvements, first by poleni with the first fully functional calculating clock and four-operation machine, but these machines were almost always one of the kind.	the 18th century saw the arrival of some notable improvements, first by poleni with the first fully functional calculating clock and four-operation machine, but these machines were almost always one of the kind.
during the iran-iraq war, the regime implemented anti-kurdish policies and a de facto civil war broke out.	during the iran-iraq war, the government implemented anti-kurdish policies and a de facto civil war broke out.
... that the iconic 1953 chinese painting the founding ceremony of the nation was modified and even repainted, as some of those depicted were purged from government and later rehabilitated?	... that the 1953 chinese painting the founding ceremony of the nation was modified and even repainted, as some of those depicted were purged from government and later rehabilitated?
since 2012 she stars in the hit abc comedy series don't trust the b---- in apartment 23.	since 2012 she stars in the abc comedy series don't trust the b---- in apartment 23.
skittles is also a slang term for coricidin, usually when it is abused .	skittles is also a slang term for coricidin, usually when it is used recreationally .
kitsos botsaris , died 1809, was a leader of the souliotes, an autonomous greek-albanian community in ottoman-ruled epirus.	kitsos botsaris , died 1809, was a leader of the souliotes, an autonomous community in ottoman-ruled epirus.
"in june 2008, spencer discovered : "" ."	"in june 2008, spencer wrote : "" ."
featuring tremendous performances by richard griffiths as monty and ralph brown as danny, the film has spawned many popular quotes.	featuring performances by richard griffiths as monty and ralph brown as danny, the film has spawned many popular quotes.
unfortunately the dance was interupted by the brotherhood.	the dance was interupted by the brotherhood.
the 150 foot dukes creek falls, which are actually located on davis creek at its confluence with dukes creek, are accessed by a nice hiking trail called the dukes creek trail.	the 150 foot dukes creek falls, which are actually located on davis creek at its confluence with dukes creek, are accessed by a hiking trail called the dukes creek trail.
except for some damage resulting from socialist architecture, erfurt has maintained an intact medieval city centre.	except for some changes resulting from socialist architecture, erfurt has maintained an intact medieval city centre.
critics of britain, for their part, have tended to focus on the british empire and the age of mercantilism as exploitative , most widely argued of britain's relationship with africa and asia during the 1700s and 1800s, although its primary characteristics, such as slavery, unfair trading (via conquest and control of foreign markets) and aggressive mercantile competition were shared with other european great powers of the day.	critics of britain, for their part, have tended to focus on the british empire and the age of mercantilism as exploitative , most widely argued of britain's relationship with africa and asia during the 1700s and 1800s, while its primary characteristics, such as slavery, unfair trading (via conquest and control of foreign markets) and aggressive mercantile competition were shared with other european great powers of the day.
discredited allegations regarding family members	allegations regarding family members
"as a result of his unfairly alleged actions during the nazi occupation of latvia from 1941 to 1944, cukurs has been called the ""butcher of riga""."	"as a result of his alleged actions during the nazi occupation of latvia from 1941 to 1944, cukurs has been called the ""butcher of riga""."
it was named for rabbi chaim berlin, the chief rabbi of moscow who had moved to jerusalem and was one of its leading rabbis at the time of his passing .	it was named for rabbi chaim berlin, the chief rabbi of moscow who had moved to jerusalem and was one of its leading rabbis at the time of his death .
they're well known for their amazing lead guitar soloing.	they're well known for their musicianship in lead guitar soloing.
possible uses for such glasses are to provide cheap eyeglasses for people from low-income groups, developing countries, third world countries or to accommodate for presbyopia.	possible uses for such glasses are to provide inexpensive eyeglasses for people from low-income groups, developing countries, third world countries or to accommodate for presbyopia.
without you i'm nothing is the name of the second record released by comedienne and singer sandra bernhard.	without you i'm nothing is the name of the second record released by comedian and singer sandra bernhard.
"if a player lands on either a ""deal"" or ""mail"" space, he /she will then select the appropriate card from the top of the specified deck."	"if a player lands on either a ""deal"" or ""mail"" space, he will then select the appropriate card from the top of the specified deck."
xfce (pronounced as four individual letters) is a free software desktop environment for unix and other unix-like platforms, such as gnu/ linux, solaris and bsd.	xfce (pronounced as four individual letters) is a free software desktop environment for unix and other unix-like platforms, such as linux, solaris and bsd.
this happened in front of a movie theater in a predominately white area with plenty of witnesses.	this happened in front of a movie theater in a predominately white area with several of witnesses.
common sense media gave the show 4 out of 5 stars, complaining it was a bit violent for children but that some viewers can have fun watching it.	common sense media gave the show 4 out of 5 stars, saying it was a bit violent for children but that some viewers can have fun watching it.
endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy (ets) is a controversial surgical procedure where certain portions of the sympathetic nerve trunk are destroyed.	endoscopic thoracic sympathectomy (ets) is a surgical procedure where certain portions of the sympathetic nerve trunk are destroyed.
whereas zechiel-eckes has argued for a date of composition in the 830's or early 840's based on evidence centring on the council of thionville, eric knibbs has recently argued convincingly for a later composition date in the 840's or early 850's, on the basis of language in the decretals which appear targeted to support ebbo after his translation to the bishopric at hildesheim in 845.	whereas zechiel-eckes has argued for a date of composition in the 830's or early 840's based on evidence centring on the council of thionville, eric knibbs has recently argued for a later composition date in the 840's or early 850's, on the basis of language in the decretals which appear targeted to support ebbo after his translation to the bishopric at hildesheim in 845.
bunsen is a beast is an american animated short-lived children's television series created by butch hartman for nickelodeon.	bunsen is a beast is an american animated children's television series created by butch hartman for nickelodeon.
the attacks of september 11, 2001, were a series of coordinated terrorist attacks against the united states on september 11, 2001. nineteen members of the al-qaida militant islamic group hijacked four aircraft.	the attacks of september 11, 2001, were a series of coordinated attacks against the united states on september 11, 2001. nineteen members of the al-qaida militant islamic group hijacked four aircraft.
he was a proponent of absolute freedom, unrestrained by morality, religion, or law.	he claimed to be a proponent of absolute freedom, unrestrained by morality, religion, or law.
his family are arameans who originally came from the village wo (turkish: gzelsu) in the tur abdin region of mardin province, turkey.	his family are syriacs who originally came from the village wo (turkish: gzelsu) in the tur abdin region of mardin province, turkey.
all civil servants are subject to the official secrets act , meaning that they may not disclose sensitive government information.	all civil servants are subject to the official secrets acts 1911 to 1989 , meaning that they may not disclose sensitive government information.
however, the notion of a marriage between jesus and mary magdalene has been a frequent topic in literature, and within the controversial book, the holy blood and the holy grail.	however, the notion of a marriage between jesus and mary magdalene has been a frequent topic in literature, and within the 1982 book, the holy blood and the holy grail.
unfortunately in 1961, the firm was taken over and closed down, although gillow's lives on today as part of maples stores plc.	in 1961, the firm was taken over and closed down, although gillow's lives on today as part of maples stores plc.
eugene sepuya has completed a dream career transfer to armenian soccer giants fc banants for an undisclosed fee.	eugene sepuya has completed a dream career transfer to armenian soccer team fc banants for an undisclosed fee.
alexandra lvovna tolstaya (1 july 1884, yasnaya polyana, russia 26 september 1979, valley cottage, new york), also known by her nickname sasha, was the youngest daughter and secretary of the famous russian novelist leo tolstoy.	alexandra lvovna tolstaya (1 july 1884, yasnaya polyana, russia 26 september 1979, valley cottage, new york), also known by her nickname sasha, was the youngest daughter and secretary of the noted russian novelist leo tolstoy.
cyber monday is a marketing propaganda term that refers to the monday immediately following black friday being the busiest day of the year for retail electronic commerce.	cyber monday is a marketing term that refers to the monday immediately following black friday being the busiest day of the year for retail electronic commerce.
richwood is also home to cherry hill country club, a beautiful nine-hole golf course located on top of hinkle mountain.	richwood is also home to cherry hill country club, a nine-hole golf course located on top of hinkle mountain.
surka has claimed that amy poehler and will ferrell are her comedic influences.	surka has stated that amy poehler and will ferrell are her comedic influences.
and has been compared to eminent german biologist ernst haeckel.	and has been compared to german biologist ernst haeckel.
in sejny and suwalki districts prohibition to speak lithuanian in the public lasted until 1950 (on phone in 1990) and it was only in the 1950s that teaching of lithuanian was introduced as a subject in schools.	in sejny and suwalki districts prohibition to speak lithuanian in the public lasted until 1950 (on phone in 1990) and it was in the 1950s that teaching of lithuanian was introduced as a subject in schools.
october 4 - canada opens an investigation against united nations relief and works agency for possible relations with hamas terrorists .	october 4 - canada opens an investigation against united nations relief and works agency for possible relations with hamas militants .
two israeli police officers were murdered and another two were injured in the attack.	two israeli police officers were killed and another two were injured in the attack.
"sian, who reports that claims of conversion through courtship on campuses are widespread in the uk, indicates that rather than relying on actual evidence they primarily rest on the word of ""a friend of a friend"" or on personal anecdote."	"sian, who reports that claims of conversion through courtship on campuses are widespread in the uk, says that rather than relying on actual evidence they primarily rest on the word of ""a friend of a friend"" or on personal anecdote."
chain letters was a game showproduced by tyne tees television and broadcast on itv in the united kingdom from 1987 to 1997. three contestants competed to win money by changing letters in words to form new words.	chain letters was a game show produced by tyne tees television and broadcast on itv in the united kingdom from 1987 to 1997. three contestants competed to win money by changing letters in words to form new words.
zdar is surely one of the most hard-working and instantly recognizable figures in cult film and b-movies, along with joe estevez.	zdar is recognized among actors as one of the most hard-working and instantly recognizable figures in cult film and b-movies, along with joe estevez.
brown is well known for involving his organization in bitter republican primary elections at the state and local levels.	brown is well known for involving his organization in republican primary elections at the state and local levels.
two israeli soldiers were kidnapped and taken by hezbollah to lebanon.	two israeli soldiers were abducted and taken by hezbollah to lebanon.
he was elected attorney general of the state of nebraska in 2002 with 66%, and won re-election unopposed in 2006 and 2010. he sued the federal government over obamacare with a 26 state coalition.	he was elected attorney general of the state of nebraska in 2002 with 66%, and won re-election unopposed in 2006 and 2010. he sued the federal government over the patient protection and affordable care act with a 26 state coalition.
june diane raphael (born 1980), american actress, comedienne , and screenwriter	june diane raphael (born 1980), american actress, comedian , and screenwriter
this ultimatum was one of the pretexts for portugal revolution, which ended monarchy in portugal, 20 years after.	this ultimatum was one of the causes for portugal revolution, which ended monarchy in portugal, 20 years after.
kaliningrad (; original german name: knigsberg) is a seaport city, capital and main city of the kaliningrad oblast, the russian exclave between poland and lithuania on the baltic sea.	kaliningrad (; former german name: knigsberg) is a seaport city, capital and main city of the kaliningrad oblast, the russian exclave between poland and lithuania on the baltic sea.
in may 2009, the sri lankan ministry of defence successfully killed charles, in the final stage of the 20082009 sri lankan army northern offensive.	in may 2009, the sri lankan ministry of defence killed charles, in the final stage of the 20082009 sri lankan army northern offensive.
in response to publication on 14 april of a video in which a woman was slapped by a tsg officer, the metropolitan police commissioner, sir paul stephenson, announced that he had ordered a review of public order policing in london.	in response to publication on 14 april of a video in which a woman was allegedly assaulted by a tsg officer, the metropolitan police commissioner, sir paul stephenson, announced that he had ordered a review of public order policing in london.
the raju (or rajulu ) are a telugu caste found mostly in the indian state of andhra pradesh.	the raju (or kshatriya ) are a telugu caste found mostly in the indian state of andhra pradesh.
williams is also the sole manufacturer and representative of authentic zorro costume reproductions based upon his father's original wardrobe and props, including his famous sword.	williams is also the sole manufacturer and representative of authentic zorro costume reproductions based upon his father's original wardrobe and props, including his sword.
he joined the british merchant marine in 1878, and was granted british nationality in 1886. though he did not speak english fluently until he was in his twenties, he was a master prose stylist who brought a non-english sensibility into english literature.	he joined the british merchant marine in 1878, and was granted british nationality in 1886. though he did not speak english fluently until he was in his twenties, he came to be regarded as a master prose stylist who brought a non-english sensibility into english literature.
daphne oram (31 december 1925 5 january 2003) was a pioneering british composer and electronic musician.	daphne oram (31 december 1925 5 january 2003) was a british composer and electronic musician.
this is a list of volumes and chapters of the bestselling shjo manga series fruits basket by natsuki takaya.	this is a list of volumes and chapters of the shjo manga series fruits basket by natsuki takaya.
patrick joseph mcgoohan (born march 19, 1928) is an american-born irish actor who rose to fame in the british film and tv industry by starring in the 1960s television series danger man (renamed secret agent when exported to the us) and cult classic the prisoner.	patrick joseph mcgoohan (born march 19, 1928) is an american-born actor who rose to fame in the british film and tv industry by starring in the 1960s television series danger man (renamed secret agent when exported to the us) and cult classic the prisoner.
michelle gildernew (born january 1,1970) is an irish nationalist politician.	michelle gildernew (born january 1,1970) is an a northern ireland nationalist politician.
"<p align=""center"">traditionalist-radical axis </td>"	"<p align=""center"">traditionalist-radical range </td>"
the album sold more copies than many of their contemporary's finest offerings, including duran duran's seven and the ragged tiger, eurythmics' touch and culture club's colour by numbers.	the album sold more copies than many of their contemporary's offerings, including duran duran's seven and the ragged tiger, eurythmics' touch and culture club's colour by numbers.
in year 1928, the american holdings of ig farben, namely, the american branches of bayer company, general aniline works, agfa ansco, and winthrop chemical company, were organized into a swiss holding company, which was christened internationale gesellschaft fr chemische unternehmungen ag or ig chemie, in short.	in year 1928, the american holdings of ig farben, namely, the american branches of bayer company, general aniline works, agfa ansco, and winthrop chemical company, were organized into a swiss holding company, which was named internationale gesellschaft fr chemische unternehmungen ag or ig chemie, in short.
the dancers on stage were also eventually forced to flee, along with the performers backstage and in the numerous dressing rooms.	the dancers on stage were also forced to flee, along with the performers backstage and in the numerous dressing rooms.
the rira was formed in 1997 following a split in the provisional irish republican army (pira), and is an illegal terrorist organisation proscribed in the united kingdom, the republic of ireland and the united states.	the rira was formed in 1997 following a split in the provisional irish republican army (pira), and is an illegal organisation proscribed in the united kingdom, the republic of ireland and the united states.
ein gedi ( is an oasis in israel , located west of the dead sea, near masada and the caves of qumran.	ein gedi ( is an oasis in the occupied west bank , located west of the dead sea, near masada and the caves of qumran.
"readers regularly find original articles by outstanding thinkers such as mel watkins, stephen lewis, linda mcquaig, armine yalnizyan, aaron freeman, gordon guyatt, cathy crowe, stewart steinhauer and charles gordon, as well as ""hot headlines"", which are summaries and links to interesting articles in other publications."	"readers regularly find original articles by thinkers such as mel watkins, stephen lewis, linda mcquaig, armine yalnizyan, aaron freeman, gordon guyatt, cathy crowe, stewart steinhauer and charles gordon, as well as ""hot headlines"", which are summaries and links to interesting articles in other publications."
at another time he saw one man on horseback with an assault weapon , who actually fired on the airplane.	at another time he saw one man on horseback with an automatic weapon , who actually fired on the airplane.
"... and so if people are violating the law by doing drugs, they ought to be accused and they ought to be convicted and they ought to be sent up,"" limbaugh said on his short-lived television show on oct. 5, 1995."	"... and so if people are violating the law by doing drugs, they ought to be accused and they ought to be convicted and they ought to be sent up,"" limbaugh said on his television show on oct. 5, 1995."
british military planning against the soviet union occurred during the first two years of the second world war, when despite the soviet union's declared neutrality , the british and french came to the conclusion that the nazi-soviet pact in effect made moscow the allies of hitler .	british military planning against the soviet union occurred during the first two years of the second world war, when despite the soviet union's neutrality, the british and french came to the conclusion that the nazi-soviet pact in effect made moscow the allies of hitler .
souk el bey is one of the famous souks of the medina of tunis.	souk el bey is one of the souks of the medina of tunis.
in an unprecedented move it says is intended to deter would-be terrorists , israel is refraining form releasing the bodies of the murderers to their families.	in an unprecedented move it says is intended to deter would-be future attacks , israel is refraining form releasing the bodies of the murderers to their families.
harvie moved to los angeles, california, in june 2006. by november 2006 he began touring with iconic comedienne margaret cho as her opening act.	harvie moved to los angeles, california, in june 2006. by november 2006 he began touring with iconic comedian margaret cho as her opening act.
satoshi kanazawa, phd (born november 16, 1962) is a controversial british-based japanese evolutionary psychologist at the london school of economics.	satoshi kanazawa, phd (born november 16, 1962) is a british-based japanese evolutionary psychologist at the london school of economics.
"russian children in a finnish-run prison camp in petrozavodsk after the finnish occupation in the end of june, 1944. the sign reads: ""transfer camp."	"russian children in a finnish-run transfer camp in petrozavodsk after the finnish occupation in the end of june, 1944. the sign reads: ""transfer camp."
some pedophiles also stress that sex is not the raison d'etre of childlove relationships.	some pedophiles also say that sex is not the raison d'etre of childlove relationships.
"in 1919, karl ludwig schmidt's book der rahmen der geschichte jesu (""the framework of the story of jesus"") showed that the chronology of mark is the invention of the writer."	"in 1919, karl ludwig schmidt's book der rahmen der geschichte jesu (""the framework of the story of jesus"") argued that the chronology of mark is the invention of the writer."
oliver was in violation of eu laws which protect animals from this cruel method of slaughter -	oliver was in violation of eu laws which protect animals from this method of slaughter -
frank brunner (born february 21, 1949) is an american comic book artist, particularly known for his innovative work at marvel comics in the 1970s.	frank brunner (born february 21, 1949) is an american comic book artist, particularly known for his work at marvel comics in the 1970s.
another interesting feature was the inclusion of a boss key that displayed what looked like a cornerstone-like spreadsheet, so that if the boss walked by, the player might seem to be really working, instead of playing a game.	another feature was the inclusion of a boss key that displayed what looked like a cornerstone-like spreadsheet, so that if the boss walked by, the player might seem to be really working, instead of playing a game.
both michel and vandermissen are followers of the belgian neo-nazi politician jean-franois thiriart.	both michel and vandermissen are followers of the belgian politician jean-franois thiriart.
tonto's expanding head band was an influential electronic music duo from the 1970s, despite releasing a relatively small number of albums.	tonto's expanding head band was an electronic music duo from the 1970s, despite releasing a relatively small number of albums.
many nominal catholics are masons, despite the official stance of the church.	many catholics are masons, despite the official stance of the church.
the successes of the anti h-block movement galvanised the hardline irish republican movement and led to the formal entry into electoral politics of provisional sinn fin the following year.	the successes of the anti h-block movement galvanised the hardline irish republican movement and led to the formal entry into electoral politics of sinn fin the following year.
however, small town politics being what they are, this action is not well received by big jim and his misguided band of renegade police officers.	however, small town politics being what they are, this action is not well received by big jim and his band of renegade police officers.
"campus watch and many other organizations have similarly characterized the efforts to negatively characterize churchill, and anyone who defends him, as a ""witch hunt""."	"campus watch and other organizations have similarly characterized the efforts to negatively characterize churchill, and anyone who defends him, as a ""witch hunt""."
following law school, murphy served as a trial attorney for the united states department of justice from 1987 to 1992, hired under the prestigious attorney generals honors program.	following law school, murphy served as a trial attorney for the united states department of justice from 1987 to 1992, hired under the attorney generals honors program.
according to the bilderberg group, o'leary was to attend the secretive bilderberg group in 2015.	according to the bilderberg group, o'leary was to attend the bilderberg group in 2015.
volunteers for the organization provide food, water, and medical aid to migrants in the desert and offer humanitarian aid to people in mexico who have been deported from the us.	volunteers for the organization provide food, water, and medical aid to illegal immigrants in the desert and offer humanitarian aid to people in mexico who have been deported from the us.
shortly after entering the philosophy program, he won the prestigious john locke prize in 1972. by 1974, mcginn received the b.phil degree from oxford, writing a thesis under the supervision of p.f.	shortly after entering the philosophy program, he won the john locke prize in 1972. by 1974, mcginn received the b.phil degree from oxford, writing a thesis under the supervision of p.f.
spectacular geographical formations include the lopinot cave and aripo cave, which is home to world's largest oilbird colony and the guanapo river gorges, which features some of the caribbean's most rugged terrain and deep river gorges.	geographical formations include the lopinot cave and aripo cave, which is home to world's largest oilbird colony and the guanapo river gorges, which features some of the caribbean's most rugged terrain and deep river gorges.
alien encounters, by chuck missler and mark eastman, which primarily regurgitates the notions presented above (especially cooper's) and presents them as fact.	alien encounters, by chuck missler and mark eastman, which primarily re-states the notions presented above (especially cooper's) and presents them as fact.
kosovo is a de facto independent partially recognised country in the balkans, which serbia still considers as a part of its soverign territory as an autonomous province.	kosovo is a de facto independent partially recognised country in the balkans, which serbia considers as a part of its soverign territory as an autonomous province.
"class=""unsortable""| non-recognition !!"	"class=""unsortable""| position !!"
october 25 - minnie pearl, comedienne and star of the grand ole opry and television's hee haw (d. 1996).	october 25 - minnie pearl, comedian and star of the grand ole opry and television's hee haw (d. 1996).
nu skin enterprises, a multi-level marketing firm for high-quality skin care products, was founded in 1984. in 2005, some 82% of revenues for the $1b usd company were generated through markets in asia.	nu skin enterprises, a multi-level marketing firm for skin care products, was founded in 1984. in 2005, some 82% of revenues for the $1b usd company were generated through markets in asia.
"geoffrey's toys ""r"" us - a variation of the toy store named for the store's wisecracking ""spokesanimal"", geoffrey the giraffe and offering toys, juvenile merchandise, and children's apparel all in one convenient location."	"geoffrey's toys ""r"" us - a variation of the toy store named for the store's wisecracking ""spokesanimal"", geoffrey the giraffe and offering toys, juvenile merchandise, and children's apparel all in one location."
she keeps the currency for one year, and then exchanges it all for an amount of gold at the new market value.	this person keeps the currency for one year, and then exchanges it all for an amount of gold at the new market value.
kelvin carpenter is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul j. medford.	kelvin carpenter is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul j. medford.
infant mortality in venezuela stood at 16 deaths per 1,000 births in 2004, much lower than the south american average (by comparison, the u.s. stands at 5 deaths per 1,000 births in 2006).	infant mortality in venezuela stood at 16 deaths per 1,000 births in 2004, lower than the south american average (by comparison, the u.s. stands at 5 deaths per 1,000 births in 2006).
note that while the connotation of stauros can communicate the idea of a cross or crucifix, this was not the case during the time of jesus and his apostles; only long after christ's death did the term come to be primarily associated with the cross.	they claim that while the connotation of stauros can communicate the idea of a cross or crucifix, this was not the case during the time of jesus and his apostles; only long after christ's death did the term come to be primarily associated with the cross.
"benjamin sinclair ""ben"" johnson cm (born december 30, 1961) is a disgraced former canadian sprinter who enjoyed a high-profile career during most of the 1980s, winning two olympic bronze medals, and an olympic gold which was subsequently rescinded."	"benjamin sinclair ""ben"" johnson cm (born december 30, 1961) is a former canadian sprinter who enjoyed a high-profile career during most of the 1980s, winning two olympic bronze medals, and an olympic gold which was subsequently rescinded."
the holder of the championship has the distinction of being the highest-ranking wrestler of the company .	the holder of the championship has the distinction of being the highest-ranking wrestler of the brand .
she is best known for playing sinead o'connor in the channel 4 soap opera hollyoaks from 2010 to 2015, and she also competed in the 2010 bbc talent-search over the rainbow.	she is known for playing sinead o'connor in the channel 4 soap opera hollyoaks from 2010 to 2015, and she also competed in the 2010 bbc talent-search over the rainbow.
al., originally titled desinformation als methode (its english title being making the crooked straight (2000)), was written to answer ficicchia's untenable accusations.	al., originally titled desinformation als methode (its english title being making the crooked straight (2000)), was written to answer ficicchia's accusations.
tameka empson (born 1977), british actress (stage and screen) and comedienne	tameka empson (born 1977), british actress (stage and screen) and comedian
idf confirmed that 3 troops killed, 25 injured as hezbollah terrorists fire anti-tank missiles at troops entering villlage of aita al-shaab.	idf confirmed that 3 troops killed, 25 injured as hezbollah fighters fire anti-tank missiles at troops entering villlage of aita al-shaab.
his opposition to the war brought attacks from the unionist irish columnist and senator eoghan harris.	his opposition to the war brought criticism from the unionist irish columnist and senator eoghan harris.
however, the effectiveness of these treatments is limited and research to discover more effective treatments is needed .	however, the effectiveness of these treatments is limited and research to discover more effective treatments is ongoing .
"in addition, the university's notable athletic programs were recognized by sports illustrated, which dubbed ut as ""america's best sports college"" in 2002."	"in addition, the university's athletic programs were recognized by sports illustrated, which dubbed ut as ""america's best sports college"" in 2002."
while other girls are filling out their bikinis and lying barefoot on the beach, gidget, with her flat chest and bottom, feels left out.	while other girls are filling out their bikinis and lying on the beach, gidget, with her flat chest and bottom, feels left out.
dr binayak sen is a paediatrician , public health specialist and national vice-president of the people's union for civil liberties (pucl) based in chhattisgarh state, india.	dr binayak sen is a naxalite , public health specialist and national vice-president of the people's union for civil liberties (pucl) based in chhattisgarh state, india.
the official policy of sweden before, after, and during world war ii was neutrality (see swedish neutrality).	the official policy of sweden before, after, and during world war ii was neutralism (see swedish neutrality).
he is the son of reggae legend bob marley and janet hunt.	he is the son of reggae artist bob marley and janet hunt.
windsor has a rudimentary bike trail network including the (riverfront bike trail, ganatchio bike trail, and little river extension).	windsor has a bike trail network including the (riverfront bike trail, ganatchio bike trail, and little river extension).
the term vlach has had its form changed into the following languages: greek vlahoi/, slav /bulgarian vlasi, albanian vllehe, turkish ulahlar.	the term vlach has had its form changed into the following languages: greek vlahoi/, macedonian /bulgarian vlasi, albanian vllehe, turkish ulahlar.
"the dawson and garcia repertoire included bakersfield country standards, traditional bluegrass, dawson originals, a few dylan covers (""lay lady lay"", ""you ain't going nowhere"", ""mighty quinn""), and joni mitchell's signature song ""big yellow taxi""."	"the dawson and garcia repertoire included bakersfield country standards, traditional bluegrass, dawson originals, a few dylan covers (""lay lady lay"", ""you ain't going nowhere"", ""mighty quinn""), and joni mitchell's song ""big yellow taxi""."
it remains to be seen whether the unfortunate new name 'rogers centre' will replace it in common speech.	it remains to be seen whether the new name 'rogers centre' will replace it in common speech.
the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of suicide attacks upon the united states of america conducted on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with osama bin laden and al-qaeda, a loose network of sunni islamist terrorists , simultaneously hijacked four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of suicide attacks upon the united states of america conducted on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with osama bin laden and al-qaeda, a loose network of sunni islamist operatives , simultaneously hijacked four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.
, this has also been heavily disputed.	, this has also been disputed.
barratt is in a relationship with comedienne julia davis.	barratt is in a relationship with comedian julia davis.
the nowra region, south of bomaderry creek was inhabited by aborigines of the wodi-wodi tribe of the yuin nation while north of bomaderry creek was inhabited by the dharawal aborigines prior to european invasion .	the nowra region, south of bomaderry creek was inhabited by aborigines of the wodi-wodi tribe of the yuin nation while north of bomaderry creek was inhabited by the dharawal aborigines prior to european arrival .
first stage (the mythos proper )	first stage (the mythos begins )
others have cited malpass's 2008 forecast of economic growth and his 2012 forecast of recession as prime examples of partisan bias in economic forecasts.	others have cited malpass's 2008 forecast of economic growth and his 2012 forecast of recession as specific examples of partisan bias in economic forecasts.
georgian propaganda poster depicting russian two-headed eagle tearing abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia	georgian poster depicting russian two-headed eagle tearing abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia
whiteley is a community in the county of hampshire, england, near fareham.	whiteley is a settlement in the county of hampshire, england, near fareham.
all innovations in nuclear weapon design originated in the united states, although some were later developed independently by other states; the following descriptions feature u.s. designs.	most known innovations in nuclear weapon design originated in the united states, although some were later developed independently by other states; the following descriptions feature u.s. designs.
unfortunately they are now largely lost, although fragments from them exist as quotations in later writers.	they are now largely lost, although fragments from them exist as quotations in later writers.
figures obtained by the daily telegraph had revealed that, in 2010, 37 applicants from eton alone were accepted by oxford.	figures obtained by the daily telegraph had revealed that, in 2010, 37 applicants from eton were accepted by oxford.
the stop trump movement, also called the anti-trump, dump trump, or never trump movement, was the informal name for the failed effort on the part of some republicans and other prominent conservatives to prevent front-runner and now president of the united states donald trump from obtaining the republican party presidential nomination, and, following his nomination, the presidency, for the 2016 united states presidential election.	the stop trump movement, also called the anti-trump, dump trump, or never trump movement, was the informal name for the effort on the part of some republicans and other prominent conservatives to prevent front-runner and now president of the united states donald trump from obtaining the republican party presidential nomination, and, following his nomination, the presidency, for the 2016 united states presidential election.
small precursors of brewing discontent involving incidences of arson in cantonment areas began to manifest themselves in january 1857. although mutinies were not rare in company controlled india these events escalated into a large-scale rebellion which broke out in may.	small precursors of brewing discontent involving incidences of arson in cantonment areas began to manifest themselves in january 1857. although minor movements for independence were not rare in company controlled india these events escalated into a large-scale rebellion which broke out in may.
their was rampant fear that the world would soon run out of oil, causing the price of oil to escalate, and opec would be the one in the middle, dictating the price.	their was fear that the world would soon run out of oil, causing the price of oil to escalate, and opec would be the one in the middle, dictating the price.
the much-vaunted re-launch of the show with kash as host garnered very poor ratings, and was deemed a major embarrassment for the bbc, with viewing figures for the second week down by 1.2 million and many viewers and critics disliking both the new format and kash.	the re-launch of the show with kash as host garnered very poor ratings, and was deemed a major embarrassment for the bbc, with viewing figures for the second week down by 1.2 million and many viewers and critics disliking both the new format and kash.
holgate is a prestigious semi-rural suburb of the central coast region of new south wales, australia north-east of gosford.	holgate is a semi-rural suburb of the central coast region of new south wales, australia north-east of gosford.
upon full gentrification, the first-stage gentrifiers are (informally) economically evicted from their old, but now-fashionable urban neighborhood, via over-inflated rents, mortgages, et cetera.	upon full gentrification, the first-stage gentrifiers are (informally) economically evicted from their old, but now-fashionable urban neighborhood, via higher rents, mortgages, et cetera.
starting as one of the sennett bathing beauties she simultaneously developed great power as a comedienne , and the sennett figure.	starting as one of the sennett bathing beauties she simultaneously developed great power as a comedian , and the sennett figure.
robert higgs (born 1 february 1944) is an american economic historian and economist combining insights from public choice, the new institutional economics, and the austrian school of economics; and a libertarian anarchist in political and legal theory and public policy.	robert higgs (born 1 february 1944) is an american economic historian and economist combining material from public choice, the new institutional economics, and the austrian school of economics; and a libertarian anarchist in political and legal theory and public policy.
diana 's high-pitched and bright lyric-soprano voice has been enjoyed and still is by fans around the world.	ross 's high-pitched and bright lyric-soprano voice has been enjoyed and still is by fans around the world.
so tragic was this neglect that nigeria, which in the 1960s grew 98% of his own food and was a net food exporter, now must import much of the same cash crops it was formerly famous for as the biggest exporter.	so extensive was this neglect that nigeria, which in the 1960s grew 98% of his own food and was a net food exporter, now must import much of the same cash crops it was formerly famous for as the biggest exporter.
despite all this, when january came he was released from his contract by mutual consent, having had a bust-up with manager dean glover.	despite all this, when january came he was released from his contract by mutual consent, having had a disagreement with manager dean glover.
azarenka's tennis idol is german legend steffi graf.	azarenka's tennis idol is german former player steffi graf.
weinberg is a devoted husband, father of 4, grandfather of 12, and great-grandfather of 9.	weinberg is a husband, father of 4, grandfather of 12, and great-grandfather of 9.
the amazing ipod came from apple's digital hub strategy, as the company began creating software for the growing market of digital devices being purchased by consumers.	the ipod came from apple's digital hub strategy, as the company began creating software for the growing market of digital devices being purchased by consumers.
dokdo is a group of disputed islets in the sea of japan (east sea) currently controlled by south korea, but also claimed by japan (where they are known as takeshima).	dokdo is a group of disputed islets in the sea of japan (east sea) currently administered by south korea, but also claimed by japan (where they are known as takeshima).
communities had long been unhappy with mr mosley's totalitarian style of government, and jumped on the nazi orgy in an attempt to oust him from office .	communities had long been unhappy with mr mosley's style of government, and jumped on the nazi orgy in an attempt to oust him from office .
in october 1983, the west german rock star, udo lindenberg, was surprisingly permitted to perform in concert at the palast der republik.	in october 1983, the west german rock star, udo lindenberg, was permitted to perform in concert at the palast der republik.
"official target logo with an affixed ""merry christmas"" greeting, after 2005 public pressure to include ""christmas""."	"official target logo with an affixed ""merry christmas"" greeting, after 2005 right-wing pressure to include ""christmas""."
the engine was introduced with the bentley hunaudieres concept car, a mid-engined supercar which was never intended for production and was later used in the audi rosemeyer concept (bentley has been a vw group holding since 1998).	the engine was introduced with the bentley hunaudieres concept car, a mid-engined sports car which was never intended for production and was later used in the audi rosemeyer concept (bentley has been a vw group holding since 1998).
in islamic divine law (sharia), ma malakat aymanukum is the term for slaves or captives of war.	in islamic law (sharia), ma malakat aymanukum is the term for slaves or captives of war.
maureen lipman, british actress and comedienne	maureen lipman, british actress and comedian
christensen was defeated by the entrenched incumbent, jim matheson, in the 2006 mid-term election.	christensen was defeated by the incumbent, jim matheson, in the 2006 mid-term election.
the foundation stone is the holiest site in palestine .	the foundation stone is the holiest site in palistine .
although egypt has been the most common destination, suspected terrorists have been rendered to other countries, such as jordan, syria , morocco, and uzbekistan.	although egypt has been the most common destination, suspected terrorists have been rendered to other countries, such as jordan, sweden , morocco, and uzbekistan.
an article on the british anti-corporate media lens website dated october 16, 2006 quotes many health experts, epidemiologists, biostatistics experts, polling experts, etc.	an article on the british media analysis media lens website dated october 16, 2006 quotes many health experts, epidemiologists, biostatistics experts, polling experts, etc.
lincoln road, running east-west between 16th and 17th streets, is a nationally known spot for great outdoor dining, bicycling, rollerblading and shopping and features and galleries of well known designers, artists and photographers such as romero britto, peter lik, and jonathan adler.	lincoln road, running east-west between 16th and 17th streets, is a nationally known spot for outdoor dining, bicycling, rollerblading and shopping and features and galleries of well known designers, artists and photographers such as romero britto, peter lik, and jonathan adler.
mecca was a thriving commercial centre, due in great part to a stone temple (now called the kaaba) that wrongfully housed many different cult figures (idols).	mecca was a thriving commercial centre, due in great part to a stone temple (now called the kaaba) that housed many different cult figures (idols).
"journalist nyhan discovers that sorokin falsely attributed statements and ""lesson plans"" to the nea, and was ""intentionally deceptive"" in her use of out of context quotes selectively ""farmed"" from a lesson plan actually developed by brian lippincott of the graduate school of professional psychology at the john f. kennedy university in california."	"journalist nyhan says that sorokin falsely attributed statements and ""lesson plans"" to the nea, and was ""intentionally deceptive"" in her use of out of context quotes selectively ""farmed"" from a lesson plan actually developed by brian lippincott of the graduate school of professional psychology at the john f. kennedy university in california."
sherman county is a county located in the u.s. state of oregon.	sherman county is a county located in the state of oregon.
kristian jensen (born may 21, 1971) is a danish politician, a spokesman for the liberal party venstre.	kristian jensen (born may 21, 1971) is a danish politician, a spokesperson for the liberal party venstre.
he is best known for playing bill tanner in the james bond films quantum of solace, skyfall, and spectre, and in various video games of the franchise.	he is known for playing bill tanner in the james bond films quantum of solace, skyfall, and spectre, and in various video games of the franchise.
"semi-automatic civilian versions of ""assault rifles"" such as the m4 carbine and vz58 are quite common in canada and can be owned legally with a mere restricted firearms license."	"semi-automatic civilian versions of ""assault rifles"" such as the m4 carbine and vz58 are quite common in canada and can be owned legally with a restricted firearms license."
the navy attributed the sinking to a boiler explosion, but eventually reversed its findings in 2001 to acknowledge that the sinking was due to enemy action.	the navy attributed the sinking to a boiler explosion, but eventually reversed its findings in 2001 to acknowledge that the sinking was due to hostile action.
a brave pilot and a witness of the advance of science in the art of diving and underwater adventure, he grew up traveling the whole world and getting in touch with different languages and cultures.	a pilot and a witness of the advance of science in the art of diving and underwater adventure, he grew up traveling the whole world and getting in touch with different languages and cultures.
jack mccall was deservedly hanged on march 1, 1877, and buried in a roman catholic cemetery.	jack mccall was hanged on march 1, 1877, and buried in a roman catholic cemetery.
many historians believe that bismarck was simply a prussian expansionist, rather someone who sought the unification of germany.	many historians believe that bismarck was simply a prussian expansionist, rather a german nationalist who sought the unification of germany.
the mosque's design is a motley mix of islamic styles, using rare and traditional materials such as ivory, teak, and onyx, along with industrial elements like terrazzo and artificial stone facing.	the mosque's design is a mix of islamic styles, using rare and traditional materials such as ivory, teak, and onyx, along with industrial elements like terrazzo and artificial stone facing.
"on the day of the general election, the sun ran a famous front page featuring kinnock (headline: ""if kinnock wins today will the last person to leave britain please turn out the lights"") that he blamed in his resignation speech for losing labour the election."	"on the day of the general election, the sun ran a front page featuring kinnock (headline: ""if kinnock wins today will the last person to leave britain please turn out the lights"") that he blamed in his resignation speech for losing labour the election."
"the event sparked a debate in the crypto-community about whether ethereum should perform a contentious ""hard fork"" to reappropriate the stolen funds."	"the event sparked a debate in the crypto-community about whether ethereum should perform a contentious ""hard fork"" to reappropriate the affected funds."
the action society was quietly wound up, representing the end of the union movement as a force in british politics.	the action society was quietly wound up, representing the end of the union movement as a presence in british politics.
a third is sometimes known as a 'richard' after the monarch richard iii or a 'vorderman' as british tv celebrity mathematician carol vorderman only received a third at university.	a third is sometimes known as a 'richard' after the monarch richard iii or a 'vorderman' as british tv celebrity mathematician carol vorderman who received a third at university.
in songs my mother taught me, brando claimed he met marilyn monroe at a party where she played piano, unnoticed by anybody else there, that they had an affair and maintained an intermittent relationship for many years, and that he received a telephone call from her several days before she died.	in songs my mother taught me, brando wrote he met marilyn monroe at a party where she played piano, unnoticed by anybody else there, that they had an affair and maintained an intermittent relationship for many years, and that he received a telephone call from her several days before she died.
more recently he was for several years the host of the respected sbs-tv current affairs program dateline.	more recently he was for several years the host of the sbs-tv current affairs program dateline.
"schumacher later admitted , ""it's clear he coulthard did nothing wrong at spa."""	"schumacher later said , ""it's clear he coulthard did nothing wrong at spa."""
shepherd was criticized heavily after one 2007 broadcast of the view.	shepherd was criticized after one 2007 broadcast of the view.
the sunday leader was shut down by the sri lankan government on 22 may 2000 using the recently passed draconian law the emergency (miscellaneous provisions and powers) regulation no.1 of 2000. the government's chief censor ariya rubasinghe had ordered that the newspaper cease publication for six months (22 may 2000 to 21 november 2000) following an article in the paper which mocked the country's censorship of the military situation imposed after the embarrassing defeat in the second battle of elephant pass.	the sunday leader was shut down by the sri lankan government on 22 may 2000 using the recently passed censorship law the emergency (miscellaneous provisions and powers) regulation no.1 of 2000. the government's chief censor ariya rubasinghe had ordered that the newspaper cease publication for six months (22 may 2000 to 21 november 2000) following an article in the paper which mocked the country's censorship of the military situation imposed after the embarrassing defeat in the second battle of elephant pass.
emblem3 is an american pop rock band consisting of brothers wesley stromberg, keaton stromberg, and their best friend drew chadwick.	emblem3 is an american pop rock band consisting of brothers wesley stromberg, keaton stromberg, and their friend drew chadwick.
"a new york times editorial characterized the burton investigation as a ""house investigation travesty"" and a ""parody of a reputable investigation"" ."	"a new york times editorial characterized the investigation as a ""house investigation travesty"" and a ""parody of a reputable investigation"" ."
however, the speech concludes by saying you can lock up a mouse or a man , but you can't lock up an idea.	however, the speech concludes by saying you can lock up a mouse or a person , but you can't lock up an idea.
following the election debacle of 2001 hague resigned and duncan smith was elected leader of the conservatives over kenneth clarke on september 12, 2001.	following the election defeat of 2001 hague resigned and duncan smith was elected leader of the conservatives over kenneth clarke on september 12, 2001.
it is not clear if this first mathematical definition is sufficient or useful.	it is not clear if this mathematical definition is sufficient or useful.
they were ambushed by more than 30 f-86 fighters of the united states air force: four tu-2 bombers and three la-11s were shot down.	they were attacked by more than 30 f-86 fighters of the united states air force: four tu-2 bombers and three la-11s were shot down.
it is very similar in design to the infamous smith and wesson .500 magnum - currently the most powerful production handgun.	it is very similar in design to the smith and wesson .500 magnum - currently the most powerful production handgun.
john peter petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is an american virtuoso guitarist and songwriter best known as a founding member of the progressive metal band dream theater.	john peter petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is an american guitarist and songwriter best known as a founding member of the progressive metal band dream theater.
"singer joe strummer has admitted that ""i was drenched in blues and english r&b as a teenager, then i went to black american r&b with my group the 101ers."	"singer joe strummer has said that ""i was drenched in blues and english r&b as a teenager, then i went to black american r&b with my group the 101ers."
although their car was not an aston martin, they proved that such ejector seat works nearly identically to what was seen on film.	although their car was not an aston martin, they concluded that such ejector seat works nearly identically to what was seen on film.
other people think (a) fruit juices and alcoholic beverages always contain protective chemicals such as ethanol that block conversion of methanol into formaldehyde, but aspartame contains no protective factors, (b) the levels of methanol and particularly formaldehyde have been proven to cause chronic toxicity in humans,and (c) the low levels of methanol and formaldehyde in human metabolism are tightly-controlled such that significant increases from aspartame ingestion are not safe.	other scientists think (a) fruit juices and alcoholic beverages always contain protective chemicals such as ethanol that block conversion of methanol into formaldehyde, but aspartame contains no protective factors, (b) the levels of methanol and particularly formaldehyde have been proven to cause chronic toxicity in humans,and (c) the low levels of methanol and formaldehyde in human metabolism are tightly-controlled such that significant increases from aspartame ingestion are not safe.
in just his second match, elia scored the only goal to win the match against scotland on 9 september 2009. elia scored his second international goal in a 6-1 friendly win over hungary with a sublime solo effort after coming on as a substitute.	in just his second match, elia scored the only goal to win the match against scotland on 9 september 2009. elia scored his second international goal in a 6-1 friendly win over hungary with a solo effort after coming on as a substitute.
several applications to the european court of human rights were rejected in 2011 on grounds of applicants not being victims (not intending to build a minaret).	several applications to the european court of human rights were rejected in 2011 on grounds of applicants not being affected parties (not intending to build a minaret).
the goal was scored in the 10th minute by xabi alonso with a heavy deflection of jose bosingwa.	the goal was scored in the 10th minute by xabi alonso with a deflection of jose bosingwa.
a typical sink/basin in a bathroom	a sink/basin in a bathroom
in 1943, whilst stationed ashore in brighton, east sussex, he was tragically killed in an air raid.	in 1943, whilst stationed ashore in brighton, east sussex, he was killed in an air raid.
the prestigious indian institute of technology (iit), madras (1959), is located in the south of the city and is well-known for its engineering program.	the indian institute of technology (iit), madras (1959), is located in the south of the city and is well-known for its engineering program.
"gone were the cold blue and gold uniforms of the 90's in favor a more ""retro"" look with pinstripes, a traditional baseball font, and the colors of brick red, sand and black."	"gone were the blue and gold uniforms of the 90's in favor a more ""retro"" look with pinstripes, a traditional baseball font, and the colors of brick red, sand and black."
"he realizes that every person carries within himself the accumulated baggage of their past, and concludes that to be accurate he must describe how everyone gradually occupies an immense range ""in time""."	"he realizes that every person carries within them the accumulated baggage of their past, and concludes that to be accurate he must describe how everyone gradually occupies an immense range ""in time""."
incarnate has many bizarre/odd traditons which are unique to the school.	incarnate has many traditons which are unique to the school.
they mistakenly believed that a majority of african american convicts were political prisoners and that black power ideology would naturally appeal to them.	they believed that a majority of african american convicts were political prisoners and that black power ideology would naturally appeal to them.
through his amazing career, he led three teams to the ncaa tournament, and posted a career record of 510-383(.571).	through his career, he led three teams to the ncaa tournament, and posted a career record of 510-383(.571).
the dialects spoken in the western parts of lapland are recognizable by retention of extraneous 'h' sounds in positions where they are not found in other dialects.	the dialects spoken in the western parts of lapland are recognizable by retention of old 'h' sounds in positions where they are not found in other dialects.
the second digimon series is awsome direct continuation of the first one, which began airing on april 2, 2000. three years later.	the second digimon series is a direct continuation of the first one, which began airing on april 2, 2000. three years later.
this was the case of the great boxer wilfredo gomez (born october 29, 1956).	this was the case of the boxer wilfredo gomez (born october 29, 1956).
however, in the 2000's, libertarian ideas have some influence on other parties; for example, as of late, some republicans are seriously proposing eliminating the irs and income tax.	however, in the 2000's, libertarian ideas have some influence on other parties; for example, as of late, some republicans are proposing eliminating the irs and income tax.
ng graduated from the prestigious university of chicago, where she played softball for four years and earned a bachelors degree in public policy.	ng graduated from the university of chicago, where she played softball for four years and earned a bachelors degree in public policy.
the bridge trilogy, like the sprawl trilogy, takes place in a dystopian future.	the bridge trilogy, like the sprawl trilogy, takes place in a technologically advanced future.
it is a spin-off of the hit freeform show the fosters.	it is a spin-off of the freeform show the fosters.
sadly it was never actually used by the public and was demolished in 1962, after the council could not get it to work.	it was never actually used by the public and was demolished in 1962, after the council could not get it to work.
demonstration against the russian aggression outside the russian embassy in tbilisi on august 8, 2008.	demonstration against the russian intervention outside the russian embassy in tbilisi on august 8, 2008.
sniekus helped create an atmosphere of terror prior to the elections of the so-called people's parliament on july 14, 1940. only the communist party of lithuania and its collaborators could nominate candidates.	sniekus helped create an atmosphere of terror prior to the elections of the people's parliament on july 14, 1940. only the communist party of lithuania and its collaborators could nominate candidates.
in combination with convection fans, they achieve a similar level of comfort as an air cooler in humid tropical climates, but only consume about one-third the energy.	in combination with convection fans, they achieve a similar level of coolness as an air cooler in humid tropical climates, but only consume about one-third the energy.
every nation embraces the foundational christian beliefs of the evangelical protestant church.	every nation states it adheres to the foundational christian beliefs of the evangelical protestant church.
something outa nothing is a song written by simon may, stewart james and bradley james, for the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	something outa nothing is a song written by simon may, stewart james and bradley james, for the bbc soap opera eastenders.
however, thanks to the case capitol records, inc. v. naxos of america, inc. (4 n.y.3d 540, 2nd cir.	however, due to the case capitol records, inc. v. naxos of america, inc. (4 n.y.3d 540, 2nd cir.
in october, 2005, the respected cochrane library said that its analysis of 32 well-conducted medical studies revealed no link between the mmr vaccine and bowel disease, autism or other developmental disorders.	in october, 2005, the cochrane library said that its analysis of 32 well-conducted medical studies revealed no link between the mmr vaccine and bowel disease, autism or other developmental disorders.
both amateur and model rocketry have come under controversy in the united states following the terrorist attacks on new york and washington d.c., as federal and state authorities incorrectly allege that model rockets can be modified to act as weapons used to shoot down aircraft within the united states.	both amateur and model rocketry have come under controversy in the united states following the terrorist attacks on new york and washington d.c., as federal and state authorities allege that model rockets can be modified to act as weapons used to shoot down aircraft within the united states.
the sri lanka civil defence force, formerly the sri lanka home guard, has been open to women recruits since 1988. in 1993, these guardswomen were issued firearms and deployed to protect their home towns and villages against attacks by ltte terrorists .	the sri lanka civil defence force, formerly the sri lanka home guard, has been open to women recruits since 1988. in 1993, these guardswomen were issued firearms and deployed to protect their home towns and villages against attacks by ltte.
the parachute regiment has its origins in the elite force set up by the british army at the request of winston churchill.	the parachute regiment has its origins in the force set up by the british army at the request of winston churchill.
www.aryan-nations.org aryan nations homepage	www.aryan-nations.org aryan nations website for kreis faction
carter was studying classical violin at the new england conservatory of music in boston when she decided to switch to jazz, but sadly the school did not have that as a program.	carter was studying classical violin at the new england conservatory of music in boston when she decided to switch to jazz, but the school did not have that as a program.
his supporters laud him as a champion of socialism and anti-imperialism whose revolutionary regime advanced economic and social justice while securing cuba's independence from american imperialism.	his supporters view him as a champion of socialism and anti-imperialism whose revolutionary regime advanced economic and social justice while securing cuba's independence from american imperialism.
after he died at the age of 98 in april 2000, fred galbreath's family bob and sue johnson and nancy and kleve johnson, generously donated the property to sonoma state university as a teaching and research site.	after he died at the age of 98 in april 2000, fred galbreath's family bob and sue johnson and nancy and kleve johnson, donated the property to sonoma state university as a teaching and research site.
sherrie lynn hutchinson (born 17 september, 1950, burton joyce) is an english presenter and actress best known for presenting the british television series loose women.	sherrie lynn hutchinson (born 17 september, 1950, burton joyce) is an english presenter and actress who is known for presenting the british television series loose women.
rabbi skobac from the antimissionary jews for judaism said:	rabbi skobac from the group jews for judaism said:
britain's donation of 350,000 emergency meals did not reach victims due to obsolete laws regarding mad cow disease .	britain's donation of 350,000 emergency meals did not reach victims due to laws regarding mad cow disease .
barbara eden (born august 23, 1931 ) is an american film, stage, and television actress, comedienne , and singer.	barbara eden (born august 23, 1931 ) is an american film, stage, and television actress, comedian , and singer.
known for its natural beauty and hunting, clallam bay is partially reliant on tourism.	known for its natural environment and hunting, clallam bay is partially reliant on tourism.
"criticisms of the bill include a labeling of unconstitutionality, violation of ex-post facto laws, and the firearm owners protection act of 1986. the law was criticized as ""rushed though"" the state legislative without consideration of whether it will criminalize police and other law enforcement officers who legitimately carry firearms with extended magazines with a larger capacity than those allowed for civilians."	"criticisms of the bill include a labeling of unconstitutionality, violation of ex-post facto laws, and the firearm owners protection act of 1986. the law was criticized as ""rushed though"" the state legislative without consideration of whether it will criminalize police and other law enforcement officers who carry firearms with extended magazines with a larger capacity than those allowed for civilians."
previously, in 1836, he had written a preface to wagenfeld's translation of the spurious sanchoniathon of philo of byblos, which was alleged to have been discovered in the preceding year in the portuguese convent of santa maria de merinho.	previously, in 1836, he had written a preface to wagenfeld's translation of the sanchoniathon of philo of byblos, which was alleged to have been discovered in the preceding year in the portuguese convent of santa maria de merinho.
perpetrators aaron mckinney and russell henderson were arrested shortly after the attack and charged with first-degree murder following shepard's death.	aaron mckinney and russell henderson were arrested shortly after the attack and charged with first-degree murder following shepard's death.
this is a chronological list of manned spaceflights to the international space station.	this is a chronological list of human spaceflights to the international space station.
hagelin attributes his unusual career path, from physicist to spokesman for global human concerns, to his practice of the transcendental meditation technique, and to his studies with the founder of the technique, maharishi mahesh yogi.	hagelin attributes his career path, from physicist to spokesman for global human concerns, to his practice of the transcendental meditation technique, and to his studies with the founder of the technique, maharishi mahesh yogi.
cordle unwisely wrote a letter outlining everything he had done for poulson, which was ultimately to doom his parliamentary career.	cordle wrote a letter outlining everything he had done for poulson, which was ultimately to doom his parliamentary career.
afghanistan - terrible soviet occupation ended and the communist government under mohammad najibullah fell to the mujahideen in 1992.	afghanistan - soviet occupation ended and the communist government under mohammad najibullah fell to the mujahideen in 1992.
"claims made by one theorist in the internet video 7/7 ripple effect were examined by the bbc documentary series the conspiracy files, in an episode titled ""7/7"" first broadcast on 30 june 2009, which debunked many of the video's claims."	"claims made by one theorist in the internet video 7/7 ripple effect were examined by the bbc documentary series the conspiracy files, in an episode titled ""7/7"" first broadcast on 30 june 2009, which attempted to debunk many of the video's claims."
st. john's university is a leading private roman catholic university in new york city.	st. john's university is a private roman catholic university in new york city.
a depiction of ferrer's assassination	a depiction of ferrer's death
positive anymore occurs in limited varieties of north american english, especially in the midlands variety spoken in parts of pennsylvania, ohio, indiana, illinois, kansas, and missouri; its usage extends to utah and some other western u.s. states.	positive anymore occurs in some varieties of north american english, especially in the midlands variety spoken in parts of pennsylvania, ohio, indiana, illinois, kansas, and missouri; its usage extends to utah and some other western u.s. states.
kristen wiig, born in canandaigua, comedienne and former member of saturday night live	kristen wiig, born in canandaigua, comedian and former member of saturday night live
he also enjoyed the distinction of being the first artist to have two classical albums listed simultaneously in the popular music charts.	he also had the distinction of being the first artist to have two classical albums listed simultaneously in the popular music charts.
the eastern orthodox church, (officially called the orthodox catholic church, and also referred to as the orthodox church and orthodoxy, ) is the present-day continuation of the theology and episcopacy established by jesus christ through his apostles.	the eastern orthodox church, (officially called the orthodox catholic church, and also referred to as the orthodox church and orthodoxy, ) identifies itself as the present-day continuation of the theology and episcopacy established by jesus christ through his apostles.
vickie was married to eddie guerrero on april 24, 1990 until his tragic death on november 13, 2005. together they have 2 daughters, shaul marie (born october 14, 1990) and sherilyn amber (born july 8, 1995).	vickie was married to eddie guerrero on april 24, 1990 until his death on november 13, 2005. together they have 2 daughters, shaul marie (born october 14, 1990) and sherilyn amber (born july 8, 1995).
payment is through an unwieldy system called microsoft points, in which users prepay $5 for a block of 400 points that can be applied to downloads at 79 points per song.	payment is through an system called microsoft points, in which users prepay $5 for a block of 400 points that can be applied to downloads at 79 points per song.
the touchpad is aimed to be a primary contender to the infamous apple ipad 2, and the android tablets available.	the touchpad is aimed to be a primary contender to the apple ipad 2, and the android tablets available.
she was nominated for a best actress (drama) award at the 2001 golden globes, but did not win and has failed to even be nominated by the golden globes and emmy award shows ever since.	she was nominated for a best actress (drama) award at the 2001 golden globes, but did not win and has failed to be nominated by the golden globes and emmy award shows ever since.
"nicknamed ""deedles"", she has won twelve grammy awards, headlined many of the world's most prestigious music venues, including carnegie hall and the white house and has toured the world performing with such greats as quincy jones, stan getz, b. b. king, dizzy gillespie, maynard ferguson, ray charles, joe williams and stevie wonder."	"nicknamed ""deedles"", she has won twelve grammy awards, headlined many of the world's most prestigious music venues, including carnegie hall and the white house and has toured the world performing with such artists as quincy jones, stan getz, b. b. king, dizzy gillespie, maynard ferguson, ray charles, joe williams and stevie wonder."
"oscar-winning film director, tony richardson was born in shipley in 1928 and directed films including, ""look back in anger"" in 1959, ""the entertainer"" in 1960, a taste of honey in 1961 and the loneliness of the long distance runner in 1962."	"film director, tony richardson was born in shipley in 1928 and directed films including, ""look back in anger"" in 1959, ""the entertainer"" in 1960, a taste of honey in 1961 and the loneliness of the long distance runner in 1962."
the main written accounts of the country's history are the buddhist legends of mahavansa and dipavansa.	the main written accounts of the country's history are the buddhist chronicles of mahavansa and dipavansa.
from duquesne university, pittsburgh, pennsylvania in 1962, and his phd at temple university, philadelphia, pennsylvania in 1976. he went on to produce a widely cited liberal review of history and the bible called the bible in history: how writers create a past published in 1999 but has published over a hundred articles and twelve books on the bible, the history of ancient palestine and israelis.	from duquesne university, pittsburgh, pennsylvania in 1962, and his phd at temple university, philadelphia, pennsylvania in 1976. he went on to produce a widely cited review of history and the bible called the bible in history: how writers create a past published in 1999 but has published over a hundred articles and twelve books on the bible, the history of ancient palestine and israelis.
he is the grandson of j. r. r. tolkien, and the eldest son of christopher tolkien.	he is the grandson of j. r. r. tolkien, and the eldest child of christopher tolkien.
between 20072010 several scholars have explored first applications and the social potential of the semantic web in the business and health sectors, and for social networking and even for the broader evolution of democracy, specifically, how a society forms its common will in a democratic manner through a semantic web	between 20072010 several scholars have explored first applications and the social potential of the semantic web in the business and health sectors, and for social networking and for the broader evolution of democracy, specifically, how a society forms its common will in a democratic manner through a semantic web
1887 - haymarket martyrs :	1887 - haymarket defendants :
"buck owen's famous ""streets of bakersfield"", later performed with dwight yoakam, is naturally about bakersfield."	"buck owen's famous ""streets of bakersfield"", later performed with dwight yoakam, is about bakersfield."
self- avowed white supremacists	self- described white supremacists
the series was continued by a number of writers, notably alan moore, whose reinvention of the character was particularly influential.	the series was continued by a number of writers, including alan moore, whose reinvention of the character was particularly influential.
teachers and learners of english as a second language also find it an attractive idea — both often concerned that their english should be neutral, without american or british or canadian or australian coloring .	teachers and learners of english as a second language also find it an attractive idea — both often concerned that their english should be neutral, without american or british or canadian or australian colouring .
reeves performed with the band becky for a year, but quit in 2005, citing his disinterest in a serious music career.	reeves performed with the band becky for a year, but quit in 2005, citing his lack of interest in a serious music career.
also in 2003, cartoon network animation documentary show toonheads had a one-hour special centered on world war ii-era cartoons and two world war ii-era bugs bunny shorts (herr meets hare shown in full and bugs bunny nips the nips shown in clips in a short montage about the grotesque depictions of japanese people at the time) were shown.	also in 2003, cartoon network animation documentary show toonheads had a one-hour special centered on world war ii-era cartoons and two world war ii-era bugs bunny shorts (herr meets hare shown in full and bugs bunny nips the nips shown in clips in a short montage about the depictions of japanese people at the time) were shown.
"marx's words served as a starting point for lenin, who, together with trotsky, always understood that the russian revolution must become a ""signal for a proletarian revolution in the west""."	"marx's words served as a starting point for lenin, who, together with trotsky, always believed that the russian revolution must become a ""signal for a proletarian revolution in the west""."
the popular backlash (particularly on the eastern seaboard of the usa) against the noise of concorde represented a political turning point and thereafter scientists and technologists in many industries began to take environmental and societal impacts more seriously, accepting that engineers, powerful investors and governments could not always allow their narrow economic or career interests to prevail.	the popular backlash (particularly on the eastern seaboard of the usa) against the noise of concorde represented a political turning point and thereafter scientists and technologists in many industries began to take environmental and societal impacts more seriously, accepting that engineers, powerful investors and governments could not always allow their economic or career interests to prevail.
"the film was not well received in poland; the polish government complained that it accused poland of ""complicity in nazi genocide""."	"the film was not well received in poland; the polish government argued that it accused poland of ""complicity in nazi genocide""."
despite a record of 9-1 and a stellar 3.12 era at the break, matsuzaka was not selected to the 2008 american league all-star team.	despite a record of 9-1 and a 3.12 era at the break, matsuzaka was not selected to the 2008 american league all-star team.
bertolucci might not regret this disintegration: he is actively political, and a confessed marxist.	bertolucci might not regret this disintegration: he is actively political, and a professed marxist.
the modern scientific periodic table of the elements and the understanding of combustion (fire) can be considered successors to such early models.	the modern scientific periodic table of the elements and the concept of combustion (fire) can be considered successors to such early models.
some have also taken up a wider, left-wing internationalist political agenda, by, for example, speaking out against the 2003 invasion of iraq and in support of the palestinians' genocide struggle against israel.	some have also taken up a wider, left-wing internationalist political agenda, by, for example, speaking out against the 2003 invasion of iraq and in support of the palestinians' struggle against israel.
parallel to the holocaust, the nazis executed the generalplan ost (general plan east) for the conquest, ethnic cleansing, and exploitation of the populaces of the captured soviet and polish territories; some 20 million soviet civilians, 3 million gentile poles, and 7 million red army soldiers were killed.	parallel to the holocaust, the nazis executed the generalplan ost (general plan east) for the conquest, ethnic cleansing, and exploitation of the populaces of the captured soviet and polish territories; some 20 million soviet civilians, 3 million poles, and 7 million red army soldiers were killed.
he was also a direct descendent of the famous sufi baha-ud-din zakariya multani (11601267).	he was also a direct descendent of the sufi baha-ud-din zakariya multani (11601267).
university circle is a result of cleveland's industrial might from the past and the vast wealth titans like rockefeller and severance showered upon the city.	university circle is a result of cleveland's industrial might from the past and the vast wealth philanthropists like rockefeller and severance showered upon the city.
after a good season with nara club in japan football league, shige moved to giravanz kitakyushu and debuted in pro-football as march 2017, when he played his first game with gira against cerezo osaka u-23.	after a season with nara club in japan football league, shige moved to giravanz kitakyushu and debuted in pro-football as march 2017, when he played his first game with gira against cerezo osaka u-23.
if they had picked up another seat, tsvia greenfeld, sixth on the party list, would have become the first ever female ultra-orthodox knesset member.	if they had picked up another seat, tsvia greenfeld, sixth on the party list, would have become the first ever female haredi knesset member.
unconventional teachings on apostolic succession	other teachings on apostolic succession
in 1778, pemberton moved to plainfield, connecticut where his mother lived and became principal of plainfield academy in plainfield, connecticut, a secondary school founded in 1770. he was very successful in plainfield and continued to tutor in newport.	in 1778, pemberton moved to plainfield, connecticut where his mother lived and became principal of plainfield academy in plainfield, connecticut, a secondary school founded in 1770. he was successful in plainfield and continued to tutor in newport.
he studied with canadian flutist and composer, robert aitken, and cuban charanga legend, richard eques, and is known for his superior technique on the entire family of flutes (from bass flute to piccolo).	he studied with canadian flutist and composer, robert aitken, and cuban charanga legend, richard eques, and is known for his technique on the entire family of flutes (from bass flute to piccolo).
he inherited the lands of inchdrewer and montbray on the death of his father in 1668. formerly a staunch papist , he renounced his faith and became a protestant in 1705, which allowed him to resume his seat in the scottish parliament in 1706. on the final sitting of the parliament, he voted in support of the acts of union 1707 and received a nominal payment as his share of the compensation fund.	he inherited the lands of inchdrewer and montbray on the death of his father in 1668. formerly a staunch roman catholic , he renounced his faith and became a protestant in 1705, which allowed him to resume his seat in the scottish parliament in 1706. on the final sitting of the parliament, he voted in support of the acts of union 1707 and received a nominal payment as his share of the compensation fund.
typical examples include correcting a hypospadias on the penis, or attempting to restore a clitoris mutilated by female circumcision .	typical examples include correcting a hypospadias on the penis, or attempting to restore a clitoris mutilated by female genital cutting .
its reputation abroad has helped attract top students from around the world, with international students making up 27% of the total student population in 2004.	its reputation abroad has helped attract students from around the world, with international students making up 27% of the total student population in 2004.
theodore kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american anarchist infamous for his campaign of mail bombings.	theodore kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american infamous for his campaign of mail bombings.
in an attempt to connect to the company's authentic california roots, the brand launched a national digital and print initiative titled golden state of mind.	in an attempt to connect to the company's california roots, the brand launched a national digital and print initiative titled golden state of mind.
mccarthy's careless tactics, however, allowed his opponents to effectively counterattack.	mccarthy's tactics, however, allowed his opponents to effectively counterattack.
mac os originally used the macintosh file system (mfs), a flat file system with only one kludged level of folders.	mac os originally used the macintosh file system (mfs), a flat file system with only one level of folders.
edward gough whitlam (born 11 july 1916), australian politician and 21st prime minister of australia, was the only australian prime minister to be unfairly dismissed by the governor-general.	edward gough whitlam (born 11 july 1916), australian politician and 21st prime minister of australia, was the only australian prime minister to be dismissed by the governor-general.
when his numbers are corrected , davis' argument ends up showing veganism as perpetrating the least harm.	when his numbers are changed , davis' argument ends up showing veganism as perpetrating the least harm.
her friendly and personable demeanor, great sportsmanship, and goddess-like presence on the court have done much to fuel the popularity of beach volleyball in the 2000s.	her friendly and personable demeanor, great sportsmanship, and imposing presence on the court have done much to fuel the popularity of beach volleyball in the 2000s.
"unfortunately following the popularity of this album, common sense was sued by a ska band with the same name, and was forced to change his call sign to simply ""common""."	"following the popularity of this album, common sense was sued by a ska band with the same name, and was forced to change his call sign to simply ""common""."
the return of adam chandler and brooke english coincided with the remarkable revelation that david had somehow resurrected stuart chandler.	the return of adam chandler and brooke english coincided with the revelation that david had somehow resurrected stuart chandler.
meanwhile, some conservative critics decried its extremely graphic and exaggerated depictions of violence.	meanwhile, some critics decried its extremely graphic and exaggerated depictions of violence.
"the introduction states six of the authors' conclusions , which they claim to be ""beyond significant technical dispute"":"	"the introduction states six of the authors' assumptions , which they claim to be ""beyond significant technical dispute"":"
as a result, employees implemented a four-day workweek after the normal factory shutdown at christmas 2005. a few months later, camillus management proposed massive wage and benefit cuts.	as a result, employees implemented a four-day workweek after the normal factory shutdown at christmas 2005. a few months later, camillus management proposed large wage and benefit cuts.
"george monbiot, columnist for the guardian, has groundlessly accused media lens of ""taking the unwarranted step of belittling the acts of genocide committed by opponents of the western powers""."	"george monbiot, columnist for the guardian, has accused media lens of ""taking the unwarranted step of belittling the acts of genocide committed by opponents of the western powers""."
"it included their fantastic cover version of the stevie wonder song ""higher ground"" and singer kiedis' song about slovak and drug addiction, ""knock me down""."	"it included their cover version of the stevie wonder song ""higher ground"" and singer kiedis' song about slovak and drug addiction, ""knock me down""."
by contrast, russia performed exceptionally well at the paralympics, also hosted in vancouver, the following month.	by contrast, russia performed well at the paralympics, also hosted in vancouver, the following month.
a number of groups and gullible individuals have advanced alternate historical narratives which tend, to varying degrees, to include the following common elements:	a number of groups and individuals have advanced alternate historical narratives which tend, to varying degrees, to include the following common elements:
extreme championship wrestling (wwe), a post-2005 professional low-rated wrestling promotion by wwe	extreme championship wrestling (wwe), a post-2005 professional wrestling promotion by wwe
this was dismissed as 'nonsense' by lord ferrers, who refuted the duke's claims that the aristocracy was dead.	this was dismissed as 'nonsense' by lord ferrers, who disagreed with the duke's claims that the aristocracy was dead.
"thereafter, the bush administration briefly used the term ""coalition of the willing"" to refer to the countries who supported, militarily or verbally, the 2003 invasion of iraq and subsequent occupation of post-invasion iraq since 2003. the original list prepared in march 2003 included 49 members."	"thereafter, the bush administration briefly used the term ""coalition of the willing"" to refer to the countries who supported, militarily or verbally, the 2003 invasion of iraq and subsequent military presence of post-invasion iraq since 2003. the original list prepared in march 2003 included 49 members."
people are part of biodiversity, but human activity affects biodiversity, and this destroys the natural landscape.	people are part of biodiversity, but human activity affects biodiversity, and this alters the natural landscape.
his first solo lp was iron man in 1996 (see 1996 in music), which was enormously successful in hip hop circles and debuted at #2 on the pop charts.	his first solo lp was iron man in 1996 (see 1996 in music), which was successful in hip hop circles and debuted at #2 on the pop charts.
the liberal christian alliance for progress, most notably, has come out in opposition of abortion, but has advocated a programme of assistance and prevention as opposed to the criminalization of abortion, opposes the death penalty, but maintains a neutral stance on euthanasia.	the christian alliance for progress, most notably, has come out in opposition of abortion, but has advocated a programme of assistance and prevention as opposed to the criminalization of abortion, opposes the death penalty, but maintains a neutral stance on euthanasia.
"the purge was a pivotal event in the transition to the ""new order""; the indonesian communist party (pki) was eliminated as a political force, and the upheavals led to the downfall of president sukarno, and to the commencement of suharto's thirty-year dictatorship ."	"the purge was a pivotal event in the transition to the ""new order""; the indonesian communist party (pki) was eliminated as a political force, and the upheavals led to the downfall of president sukarno, and to the commencement of suharto's thirty-year presidency ."
abraxas is the title of a mind-shattering disco biscuits song.	abraxas is the title of a disco biscuits song.
"other notable credits go out to grammy-nominated songwriter and producer ryan tedder who is best known for crafting leona lewis' worldwide number one ""bleeding love"", beyonc knowles's top 5 hit ""halo"" and jordin sparks' top 10 hit ""battlefield""."	"other notable credits go out to songwriter and producer ryan tedder who is best known for crafting leona lewis' worldwide number one ""bleeding love"", beyonc knowles's top 5 hit ""halo"" and jordin sparks' top 10 hit ""battlefield""."
when chinese communists under mao zedong had conquered mainland china in 1949, puyi wrote letters to joseph stalin with requests not to send him back to china.	when chinese communists under mao zedong had triumphed in their revolution over mainland china in 1949, puyi wrote letters to joseph stalin with requests not to send him back to china.
sadly she lacked charm, and as soon as her looks went so did her patrons.	she lacked charm, and as soon as her looks went so did her patrons.
the two-house view, and the one law/grafted in view are held by many identifying as messianic, although major messianic groups do not espouse these theologies.	the two-house view, and the one law/grafted in view are held by many identifying as messianic, although other messianic groups do not espouse these theologies.
the rams made a return to the playoffs which started with a 17-14 upset over chantilly, the 2006 aaa division 6 runner up in the first round but their season ended with a heartbreaking 30-28 loss to west springfield in the semifinals.	the rams made a return to the playoffs which started with a 17-14 upset over chantilly, the 2006 aaa division 6 runner up in the first round but their season ended with a 30-28 loss to west springfield in the semifinals.
it was in 1848, after a brief but successful business career in new york, that, attracted by the accessibility and the natural beauty of new rochelle, colonel richard lathers purchased a large country estate and farm along the new rochelle and pelham border.	it was in 1848, after a brief but successful business career in new york, that, attracted by the accessibility and the natural environment of new rochelle, colonel richard lathers purchased a large country estate and farm along the new rochelle and pelham border.
paolo maldini (born june 26 1968 in milan) is a legendary defender of world repute who plays for italian football club a.c. milan.	paolo maldini (born june 26 1968 in milan) is a defender of world repute who plays for italian football club a.c. milan.
r. k. maroon is the human owner of maroon cartoon studios; roger rabbit is a fun-loving toon rabbit, one of maroon's stars; roger's wife jessica rabbit is a gorgeous toon woman; and baby herman is roger's costar, a 50-year-old toon who looks like an infant.	r. k. maroon is the human owner of maroon cartoon studios; roger rabbit is a fun-loving toon rabbit, one of maroon's stars; roger's wife jessica rabbit is a beautiful toon woman; and baby herman is roger's costar, a 50-year-old toon who looks like an infant.
rightmensa international is the largest, oldest, and most pretentious high iq society in the world.	rightmensa international is the largest, oldest, and most well-known high iq society in the world.
bowman v united kingdom 1998 echr 4, (1998) 26 ehrr 1, distributing vast quantities of anti-abortion material in contravention to election spending laws	bowman v united kingdom 1998 echr 4, (1998) 26 ehrr 1, distributing quantities of anti-abortion material in contravention to election spending laws
in keeping with its relatively small size, the australian force only made an important though limited contribution to coalition operations during the victorious invasion of iraq.	in keeping with its relatively small size, the australian force only made an important though limited contribution to coalition operations during the invasion of iraq.
perhaps the most notable exception is the more extreme janice rogers brown, who has occasionally clashed with the more moderate chief justice george and others on the bench.	perhaps the most notable exception is the more conservative janice rogers brown, who has occasionally clashed with the more moderate chief justice george and others on the bench.
kline has defended the memo and the mobilization of churches it calls for, as it does not violate irs regulations governing the tax-exempt status of churches, under which a church stands to lose its tax-exempt status for officially supporting a political candidate, if the commissioner of internal revenue determines so.	kline has defended the memo and the mobilization of churches it calls for, insisting it does not violate irs regulations governing the tax-exempt status of churches, under which a church stands to lose its tax-exempt status for officially supporting a political candidate, if the commissioner of internal revenue determines so.
the bell witch project - an investigation by the middle tennessee skeptics.	the bell witch project - an statement by the middle tennessee skeptics.
kelmscott manor is a handsome limestone manor house in the cotswold village of kelmscott, oxfordshire, england.	kelmscott manor is a limestone manor house in the cotswold village of kelmscott, oxfordshire, england.
unfortunately , his girlfriend notices them and she leaves, despite levine's attempts to stop her from leaving and levine rushes to the hospital.	however , his girlfriend notices them and she leaves, despite levine's attempts to stop her from leaving and levine rushes to the hospital.
sword of gideon is a 1986 television film about mossad agents hunting down militants associated with the 1972 munich massacre.	sword of gideon is a 1986 television film about mossad agents hunting down terrorists associated with the 1972 munich massacre.
both david starkey, and, later, eric ives, in the new edition of his definitive biography, tell how the public sermons were often important means of propaganda and declarations of political opinions.	both david starkey, and, later, eric ives, in the new edition of his biography, tell how the public sermons were often important means of propaganda and declarations of political opinions.
tirrell was son of a respectable family in weymouth, massachusetts, married and living with his wife and two children.	tirrell was son of a family in weymouth, massachusetts, married and living with his wife and two children.
sabrina asked her friends to not discuss her past as she believed her humble beginnings and day's treatment of her would tarnish her reputation.	sabrina asked her friends to not discuss her past as she believed her humble beginnings and day's mistreatment of her would tarnish her reputation.
r. o. blechman, milton glaser, ed sorel, and reynold ruffins three of the four co-founders of the renowned design firm push pin studios were m&a students in the 1940s.	r. o. blechman, milton glaser, ed sorel, and reynold ruffins three of the four co-founders of the design firm push pin studios were m&a students in the 1940s.
minor brushes with the law	previous brushes with the law
"the television coverage of the fireworks show that displayed the 29 firework ""footprints"" outside the stadium was simulated by computer animation."	"television coverage of the fireworks show that displayed the 29 firework ""footprints"" outside the stadium was simulated by computer animation."
atom is a free open-source text and source code editor for mac os x, gnu/ linux, and windows with support for plug-ins written in node.js, and embedded git control, developed by github.	atom is a free open-source text and source code editor for mac os x, linux, and windows with support for plug-ins written in node.js, and embedded git control, developed by github.
in december 2010, sonik architects was acquired by leading software and music production company, izotope inc.	in december 2010, sonik architects was acquired by software and music production company, izotope inc.
he was unlawfully killed by us troops in iraq while he was covering the 2003 invasion of iraq for itn.	he was killed by us troops in iraq while he was covering the 2003 invasion of iraq for itn.
purple loosestrife invading an old erie canal lock, durhamville, new york	purple loosestrife growing in an old erie canal lock, durhamville, new york
suzanne flon actress and comedienne , born in 1918 at kremlin-bictre.	suzanne flon actress and comedian , born in 1918 at kremlin-bictre.
picard joins forces with legendary enterprise captain james t. kirk in star trek generations to fight the film's villain dr. tolian soran.	picard joins forces with the 23rd century enterprise captain james t. kirk in star trek generations to fight the film's villain dr. tolian soran.
an sdo's distance to the sun varies enormously and can reach billions of kilometres.	an sdo's distance to the sun varies greatly and can reach billions of kilometres.
identifying laws of science and mathematics as theories or pseudoscience, while giving credibility to non-mainstream beliefs like creationism.	identifying laws of science and mathematics as theories or pseudoscience, while giving credibility to unscientific beliefs like creationism.
in 1999, his contributions to his team were finally recognized as he was made team captain and won the league mvp award.	in 1999, his contributions to his team were recognized as he was made team captain and won the league mvp award.
the salamander letter was a infamous forged document created by mark hofmann in the early 1980s.	the salamander letter was a forged document created by mark hofmann in the early 1980s.
map showing where lebanon says the israeli soldiers were arrested	map showing where lebanon says the israeli soldiers were captured
their stunning set was recorded by the bbc and later released in 1992 through raw fruit records as the friday rock show sessions.	their set was recorded by the bbc and later released in 1992 through raw fruit records as the friday rock show sessions.
soldiers of 11 udr on a patrol break in the hostile south armagh area.	soldiers of 11 udr on a patrol break in the south armagh area.
"a 3-disc dvd box set entitled darkwing duck: volume 1 was released on august 29 2006. it includes 27 episodes, including the 2-part pilot ""darkly dawns the duck"", which was unfortunately presented in edited form as opposed to the uncut version's release on vhs."	"a 3-disc dvd box set entitled darkwing duck: volume 1 was released on august 29 2006. it includes 27 episodes, including the 2-part pilot ""darkly dawns the duck"", which was presented in edited form as opposed to the uncut version's release on vhs."
important works by von kuhl	works by von kuhl
for example, anthrax is considered an excellent agent for several reasons.	for example, anthrax is considered an effective agent for several reasons.
"urged to give an opinion, she merely stated, ""my opinion is they are in a sad condition."""	"urged to give an opinion, she stated, ""my opinion is they are in a sad condition."""
in his book the perks of being a wallflower, stephen chbosky references salinger's brilliant work as one of the many novels read by his protagonist, the introspective, reflective charlie.	in his book the perks of being a wallflower, stephen chbosky references salinger's work as one of the many novels read by his protagonist, the introspective, reflective charlie.
"in a move that surprised many fans, eric bischoff was named raw's general manager, while stephanie mcmahon, the force behind ecw in the failed ""invasion"" storyline, was made smackdown!"	"in a move that surprised many fans, eric bischoff was named raw's general manager, while stephanie mcmahon, the force behind ecw in the ""invasion"" storyline, was made smackdown!"
its bourgeoning economy has contributed to the regional attractions of landscapes filled with fragrant orange and pineapple gardens, and breathtaking tea plantations.	its bourgeoning economy has contributed to the regional attractions of landscapes filled with fragrant orange and pineapple gardens, and tea plantations.
at the time of initial european invasion , the area was occupied by the tequesta tribe of native americans.	at the time of initial european contact , the area was occupied by the tequesta tribe of native americans.
florida international university (fiu) is a major public research university located in miami, florida, well-known for its architecture, business, engineering, hospitality management, and law programs.	florida international university (fiu) is a public research university located in miami, florida, well-known for its architecture, business, engineering, hospitality management, and law programs.
to display the total area of this fascinating structure one would have to tile 7500 times this image.	to display the total area of this structure one would have to tile 7500 times this image.
"when sufficiently frightened, bricks fall from his backside (a reference to the vulgar slang ""to shit a brick""), as seen in ""space pilot 3000"" and the beast with a billion backs."	"when sufficiently frightened, bricks fall from his backside (a reference to the slang ""to shit a brick""), as seen in ""space pilot 3000"" and the beast with a billion backs."
he is generally considered to be the greatest u.s. president.	he is often considered to be the greatest u.s. president.
kent e. hovind (born january 15, 1953) is an american young earth creationist and conspiracy theorist famous for his creation science seminars that aim to convince listeners to reject modern myths of evolution, geophysics, and cosmology in favor of the genesis creation myth as found in the bible.	kent e. hovind (born january 15, 1953) is an american young earth creationist and conspiracy theorist famous for his creation science seminars that aim to convince listeners to reject modern theories of evolution, geophysics, and cosmology in favor of the genesis creation myth as found in the bible.
"in 2004, he announced his opposition to new zealand becoming a republic stating in an interview: ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it."""	"in 2004, he stated his opposition to new zealand becoming a republic stating in an interview: ""if it ain't broke, don't fix it."""
incredibly by 20 september 1912 burroughs had almost completed the sequel to a princess of mars, which was entitled the gods of mars.	by 20 september 1912 burroughs had almost completed the sequel to a princess of mars, which was entitled the gods of mars.
the greek orthodox patriarchate of antioch split into two factions in 1724 as the melkite greek catholic church re- established communion with the catholic church (see list of melkite greek catholic patriarchs of antioch)	the greek orthodox patriarchate of antioch split into two factions in 1724 as the melkite greek catholic church broke communion with the orthodox church and established communion with the catholic church (see list of melkite greek catholic patriarchs of antioch)
robert mapplethorpe (november 4, 1946 march 9, 1989) was an american photographer, famous for his large-scale, highly-stylized black & white portraits, photos of flowers and male nudes.	robert mapplethorpe (november 4, 1946 march 9, 1989) was an american photographer, known for his large-scale, highly-stylized black & white portraits, photos of flowers and male nudes.
mark neven du mont famous writer and aristocrat	mark neven du mont writer and aristocrat
it is well-known locally for its breathtaking views of lake sherwood, sandstone peak, the conejo valley and the pacific ocean.	it is well-known locally for its scenic views of lake sherwood, sandstone peak, the conejo valley and the pacific ocean.
jones subsequently appeared in a boxing match against tonya harding in fox tv's celebrity boxing in 2002 filling in for amy fisher, which she abjectly lost.	jones subsequently appeared in a boxing match against tonya harding in fox tv's celebrity boxing in 2002 filling in for amy fisher, which she lost.
the israeli government made bellicose statements regarding hezbollah's increased ability for air defense in limiting the israeli ability to invade lebanese airspace, particularly in sphere of reconnaissance and surveillance operations.	the israeli government made statements regarding hezbollah's increased ability for air defense in limiting the israeli ability to invade lebanese airspace, particularly in sphere of reconnaissance and surveillance operations.
professor michael j. behe (born 1952) is a controversial american biochemist and intelligent design advocate.	professor michael j. behe (born 1952) is a american biochemist and intelligent design advocate.
in this district is the indentured laborers' settlement for the phosphate mining workers of the npc.	in this district is the laborers' settlement for the phosphate mining workers of the npc.
"this procedure is also controversially termed ""partial-birth abortion."""	"this procedure is also termed ""partial-birth abortion."""
in retaliation against miles' earlier treacherous attacks on the royalist city of worcester and wallingford castle, king stephen bestowed the title earl of hereford on robert de beaumont, 2nd earl of leicester, ; however, miles never surrended the earldom nor the title to robert de beaumont.	in retaliation against miles' earlier attacks on the royalist city of worcester and wallingford castle, king stephen bestowed the title earl of hereford on robert de beaumont, 2nd earl of leicester, ; however, miles never surrended the earldom nor the title to robert de beaumont.
on the cafferty file, his nightly segment on the situation room, he offers liberal commentary and personal opinions.	on the cafferty file, his nightly segment on the situation room, he offers commentary and personal opinions.
"according to gudde: ""the mountain chain, forming the divide of the headwaters of russian river and clear lake, was named for the indians on the west slope, probably a division of the yuki."	"according to gudde: ""the mountain chain, forming the divide of the headwaters of russian river and clear lake, was named for the native american tribes on the west slope, probably a division of the yuki."
"leaving the team in the manner he did (many teammates learned about his new job via twitter instead of from kill himself ) dealt an emotional blow to the members of the team; star quarterback chandler harnish saying about kill's departure, ""i have a horrible taste in my mouth""."	"leaving the team in the manner he did (many teammates learned about his new job via twitter instead of from kill himself ) dealt an emotional blow to the members of the team; quarterback chandler harnish saying about kill's departure, ""i have a horrible taste in my mouth""."
it is believed by many to have caused president jimmy carter of the united states to lose his re-election attempt, and punctuated the first fundamentalist islamic revolution of modern times.	it is believed by many to have caused president jimmy carter of the united states to lose his re-election attempt, and punctuated the first islamic revolution of modern times.
in conception, this change was a big step forward: no longer would the user need knowledge of arcane dos command-line skills to maintain and troubleshoot a system, though in practice, the lack of dos functionality was a significant barrier to maintenance.	in conception, this change was a big step forward: no longer would the user need knowledge of dos command-line skills to maintain and troubleshoot a system, though in practice, the lack of dos functionality was a significant barrier to maintenance.
deconstructed the assumptions and tendentious evidence on which peters thesis relied, thus lending independent support from a demographics expert to finkelstein's doctoral critique.	deconstructed the assumptions and evidence on which peters thesis relied, thus lending independent support from a demographics expert to finkelstein's doctoral critique.
notable exhibits in the main museum	exhibits in the main museum
mercedes j. ruehl (born february 28, 1948) is an american theater, television and film actress .	mercedes j. ruehl (born february 28, 1948) is an american theater, television and film actor .
in april 1943, british scholar isaiah berlin wrote a confidential analysis of the senate foreign relations committee for the british foreign office, and succinctly characterized guffey as:	in april 1943, british scholar isaiah berlin wrote a confidential analysis of the senate foreign relations committee for the british foreign office, and characterized guffey as:
the theory he developed out of this focus claimed that while reading for pleasure is a kind of social act, through which the reader exposes oneself to the ideas of the writer, the final cathartic climax of this pleasurable reading, which he termed the bliss in reading, is a point in which one becomes lost within the text.	the theory he developed out of this focus claimed that while reading for pleasure is a kind of social act, through which the reader exposes him/herself to the ideas of the writer, the final cathartic climax of this pleasurable reading, which he termed the bliss in reading, is a point in which one becomes lost within the text.
john macarthur in his work the macarthur study bible which was very well received by conservative christian scholars argues a number of lines of evidence supporting the augustinian hypothesis in his introduction the gospel of mark.	john macarthur in his work the macarthur study bible which was very well received by conservative christian scholars argues a number of lines of evidence advocating the augustinian hypothesis in his introduction the gospel of mark.
the lord mayor is the lofty title of the mayor of a major city, with special recognition.	the lord mayor is the title of the mayor of a major city, with special recognition.
in the christmas raid in 1939, one million rounds of ammunition were stolen from the irish army by the ira and there were a number of murders , mostly of policemen.	in the christmas raid in 1939, one million rounds of ammunition were stolen from the irish army by the ira and there were a number of killings , mostly of policemen.
best practice is a management myth which asserts that there is a technique, method, process, activity, incentive or reward that is more effective at delivering a particular outcome than any other technique, method, process, etc.	best practice is a management idea, now out of favour, which asserts that there is a technique, method, process, activity, incentive or reward that is more effective at delivering a particular outcome than any other technique, method, process, etc.
"in 2008, canadian minister john baird labeled avaaz a ""shadowy foreign organization"" tied to billionaire activist george soros."	"in 2008, canadian minister john baird labeled avaaz a ""shadowy foreign organization"" tied to billionaire philanthropist george soros."
according to the controversial national institute on drug abuse, use of these drugs is associated with unsafe sexual practices that greatly increase the risk of contracting and spreading infectious diseases such as hiv/aids and hepatitis.	according to the national institute on drug abuse, use of these drugs is associated with unsafe sexual practices that greatly increase the risk of contracting and spreading infectious diseases such as hiv/aids and hepatitis.
other great examples include bring me the horizon, as blood runs black, through the eyes of the dead, the red shore, suicide silence, carnifex (band), all shall perish and germany's heaven shall burn.	other examples include bring me the horizon, as blood runs black, through the eyes of the dead, the red shore, suicide silence, carnifex (band), all shall perish and germany's heaven shall burn.
black power is a infamous gang in new zealand.	black power is a prominent gang in new zealand.
the genocidal intent of mehmed talat pasha and even the correctness of this famous sentence is highly dependent on the authenticity of these documents which is a subject of dispute by various scholars.	the genocidal intent of mehmed talat pasha and even the correctness of this famous sentence is dependent on the authenticity of these documents which is a subject of dispute by various scholars .
ably assisted by his adviser, dr philip dorling, brereton was instrumental in revising federal labor policy to support self-determination and independence for east timor.	assisted by his adviser, dr philip dorling, brereton was instrumental in revising federal labor policy to support self-determination and independence for east timor.
in 2004 ganguly played what many rank among the best indian innnings, when he hit a glorious 144 against australia.	in 2004 ganguly played what many rank among the best indian innnings, when he hit a 144 against australia.
expulsion of muslims and jews	ethnic cleansing of muslims and jews
the award and the foundation were established in honor of zhu xi chan, the hong kong newspaper owner whose pages covered events in dictator mao zedong's china.	the award and the foundation were established in honor of zhu xi chan, the hong kong newspaper owner whose pages covered events in chairman mao zedong's china.
as of january 2008, emelianenko has compiled an amateur record of seven wins without any losses, and a professional record of 28 wins, one controversial loss, and one no contest.	as of january 2008, emelianenko has compiled an amateur record of seven wins without any losses, and a professional record of 28 wins, one loss, and one no contest.
the formation and evolution of the solar system began 4.6 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud.	the formation and evolution of the solar system is believed to have begun 4.6 billion years ago with the gravitational collapse of a small part of a giant molecular cloud.
allegations of being a collaborator of polish secret police totalitarians	allegations of being a collaborator of polish secret police
for the score, kubrick had electronic music composer wendy carlos, at the time known as walter carlos, (switched-on bach), deface famous classical works such as beethoven's ninth symphony for the moog synthesizer.	for the score, kubrick had electronic music composer wendy carlos, at the time known as walter carlos, (switched-on bach), adapt famous classical works such as beethoven's ninth symphony for the moog synthesizer.
frakes married legendary soap opera actress genie francis on may 28, 1988. they live in california with their two children elizabeth and benjamin.	frakes married soap opera actress genie francis on may 28, 1988. they live in california with their two children elizabeth and benjamin.
the shree kutch satsang swaminarayan temple (east london) is a swaminarayan temple in east london, in the london borough of newham that comes under the shri narnarayan dev gadi and is part of the hindu faith.	the shree kutch satsang swaminarayan temple (east london) is a swaminarayan temple in east london, in the london borough of newham that comes under the narnarayan dev gadi and is part of the hindu faith.
savant syndrome and the multiple intelligences theory	savant syndrome as an example of the multiple intelligences theory
the disobey rock concert took place on 13 march 2004 and even attracted the attention of californian skate and surf ware company vans who offered a sponsorship deal.	the disobey rock concert took place on 13 march 2004 and attracted the attention of californian skate and surf ware company vans who offered a sponsorship deal.
the simpsons is a popular television series created by matt groening.	the simpsons is a television series created by matt groening.
"conservative french essayist alexandre del valle wrote of ""une alliance idologique ... rouge-brun-vert"" in an april 22, 2002 article in the newspaper le figaro , and wrote ""rouges-bruns-verts, l'trange alliance"", in a january 2004 article in the magazine politique internationale."	"french essayist alexandre del valle wrote of ""une alliance idologique ... rouge-brun-vert"" in an april 22, 2002 article in the newspaper le figaro , and wrote ""rouges-bruns-verts, l'trange alliance"", in a january 2004 article in the magazine politique internationale."
the massively epic song is considered a judas priest classic, with versions of the song appearing on the albums priest, live and rare, '98 live meltdown, live in london, a touch of evil: live, live insurrection and many of the group's compilation albums.	the epic song is considered a judas priest classic, with versions of the song appearing on the albums priest, live and rare, '98 live meltdown, live in london, a touch of evil: live, live insurrection and many of the group's compilation albums.
"the new pepsi max logo with the ""larger smiling"" pepsi globe and mistakenly black-colored lower half."	"the new pepsi max logo with the ""larger smiling"" pepsi globe and black-colored lower half."
"to combat the costs, a fund was set up and has collected $100,700 since july 17, 2012. poppo, who lost sight in both his eyes, spoke to police, whom he thanked for saving his life, on july 19, explaining that eugene, whom he hardly knew, approached him in a friendly manner but then, complaining he couldn't ""score"" at the beach and ""souped up on something"", started to talk about how they were going to die, accused poppo of stealing his bible, and, suddenly and without provocation, attacked and strangled him with wrestling holds, and then ""plucked out"" both his eyes."	"to help with the costs, a fund was set up and has collected $100,700 since july 17, 2012. poppo, who lost sight in both his eyes, spoke to police, whom he thanked for saving his life, on july 19, explaining that eugene, whom he hardly knew, approached him in a friendly manner but then, complaining he couldn't ""score"" at the beach and ""souped up on something"", started to talk about how they were going to die, accused poppo of stealing his bible, and, suddenly and without provocation, attacked and strangled him with wrestling holds, and then ""plucked out"" both his eyes."
abu lahab ibn 'abdul muttalib (arabic: ) (c. death 624) is among those named as enemies of islam condemned by name in the surah al-masadd, among many other enemies .	abu lahab ibn 'abdul muttalib (arabic: ) (c. death 624) is among those named as enemies of islam condemned by name in the surah al-masadd, among many other people .
"the film received strongly negative reviews, holding a 20% rating on rotten tomatoes based on 46 reviews, with the site's general consensus stating ""overblown in every possible way, the marine is either so bad it's good or just really, really bad."""	"the film received mostly negative reviews, holding a 20% rating on rotten tomatoes based on 46 reviews, with the site's general consensus stating ""overblown in every possible way, the marine is either so bad it's good or just really, really bad."""
he had battled syphilis since 1822. the final illness may have been typhoid fever, though other causes have been proposed; some of his final symptoms match those of mercury poisoning (mercury was a common treatment for syphilis in the early 19th century).	he had syphilis since 1822. the final illness may have been typhoid fever, though other causes have been proposed; some of his final symptoms match those of mercury poisoning (mercury was a common treatment for syphilis in the early 19th century).
the rambouillet agreement is name for a proposed agreement between yugoslavia and the kosovo albanians for peace in kosovo, made by nato, named for the location at chateau rambouillet, france where it was proposed.	the rambouillet agreement is name for a proposed agreement between yugoslavia and the kosovo albanian rebels for peace in kosovo, made by nato, named for the location at chateau rambouillet, france where it was proposed.
"the traditional belief is that the second ecumenical council held in constantinople in 381 made a number of changes to the text of the nicene creed, especially by adding the section that follows the words ""we believe in the holy spirit"" (without the words ""and the son"" relative to the procession of the holy spirit, which would become a point of contention in the great schism of eastern orthodoxy and roman catholicism); hence the name ""niceno-constantinopolitan creed"", referring to the creed as supposedly modified in the first council of constantinople."	"the traditional belief is that the second ecumenical council held in constantinople in 381 made a number of changes to the text of the nicene creed, especially by adding the section that follows the words ""we believe in the holy spirit"" (without the words ""and the son"" relative to the procession of the holy spirit, which would become a point of contention in the great schism of eastern orthodoxy and roman catholicism); hence the name ""niceno-constantinopolitan creed"", referring to the creed as modified in the first council of constantinople."
before and after the vote several member states and ngos objected that by condemning israel and failing to address hezbollah attacks on israeli civilians, the council risked damaging its credibility.	before and after the vote several member states and ngos objected that by targeting the resolution solely at israel and failing to address hezbollah attacks on israeli civilians, the council risked damaging its credibility.
he has also written a book of collected essays and reviews related to karl popper, and a useful handbook on real-estate law.	he has also written a book of collected essays and reviews related to karl popper, and a handbook on real-estate law.
major league baseball legend johnny sain, was born september 25, 1917, in havana, arkansas, was one of several early major leaguer pitchers with connections to the small town of havana.	major league baseball pitcher johnny sain, was born september 25, 1917, in havana, arkansas, was one of several early major leaguer pitchers with connections to the small town of havana.
leftgear reached its exposure apogee when it featured a nude pictorial of actress jessica biel, who posed while appearing on the family drama 7th heaven and was at the time only 17 years old.	leftgear reached its exposure apogee when it featured a nude pictorial of actress jessica biel, who posed while appearing on the family drama 7th heaven and was at the time 17 years old.
since 1947 expulsions of hindus from both the pakistani and indian ruled regions of the disputed territory of kashmir by islamist terrorist groups.	since 1947 expulsions of hindus from both the pakistani and indian ruled regions of the disputed territory of kashmir by islamist paramilitary groups.
"michael munger, a noted libertarian political scientist at duke where maclean also teaches, wrote that democracy in chains ""is a work of speculative historical fiction,"" noting that a purported dialogue between buchanan and university of virginia president colgate darden about resisting desegregation is ""made up"" and unsupported by any source or footnote."	"michael munger, a libertarian political scientist at duke where maclean also teaches, wrote that democracy in chains ""is a work of speculative historical fiction,"" noting that a purported dialogue between buchanan and university of virginia president colgate darden about resisting desegregation is ""made up"" and unsupported by any source or footnote."
marmite is traditionally eaten as a savoury spread on bread, and commonly toast.	marmite is traditionally eaten as a spread on bread, and commonly toast.
established just after the first world war, dudley hill rlfc and originally played from the old bierley estate led by rugby league legend stanley brogden.	established just after the first world war, dudley hill rlfc and originally played from the old bierley estate led by rugby league player stanley brogden.
he was born in italy and came to the united states in 1946 at the age of 20. he received a ph.d. in mathematics at caltech in 1951.	he was born in italy and went to the united states in 1946 at the age of 20. he received a ph.d. in mathematics at caltech in 1951.
the island has two ports in angra do herosmo and praia da vitria, and a us occupied military base in lajes.	the island has two ports in angra do herosmo and praia da vitria, and a us military base in lajes.
juninho has become renowned for this extraordinary expertise in set-piece situations and is a free kick specialist.	juninho has become renowned for this expertise in set-piece situations and is a free kick specialist.
in the interview, camenker discussed how massachusetts was worse off after the decision to legalize same-sex marriage and how, if given enough time, he could link same sex marriage to homelessness, crime rates, and air quality.	in the interview, camenker discussed his view that massachusetts was worse off after the decision to legalize same-sex marriage and how, if given enough time, he could link same sex marriage to homelessness, crime rates, and air quality.
in 1950 ros montt graduated as a cadet at the school of the americas in panama, which educated cadets in counterinsurgency tactics against marxist revolutionaries.	in 1950 ros montt graduated as a cadet at the school of the americas in panama, which educated cadets in counterinsurgency tactics against social revolutionaries.
enhanced interrogation techniques, rough interrogation, the central intelligence agencys interrogation methods, and alternative set of procedures are terms adopted by the george w. bush administration to describe methods of torture used by the us military intellegence and the cia to extract information from captives as part of the war on terror.	enhanced interrogation techniques, rough interrogation, the central intelligence agencys interrogation methods, and alternative set of procedures are terms adopted by the george w. bush administration to describe methods considered by many to be torture used by the us military intellegence and the cia to extract information from captives as part of the war on terror.
sirius is also related to andromeda black tonks, his favorite cousin (mother of nymphadora tonks), and to andromeda's terrorist sisters, bellatrix lestrange (who later murders sirius) and narcissa malfoy.	sirius is also related to andromeda black tonks, his favorite cousin (mother of nymphadora tonks), and to andromeda's sisters, bellatrix lestrange (who later murders sirius) and narcissa malfoy.
whilst amazing all with its sheer size, the worry amongst the public is that the increase in the number of passengers will just lead to overcrowding of facilities and delays.	whilst amazing all with its sheer size, the worry amongst the public is that the increase in the number of passengers will lead to overcrowding of facilities and delays.
he was the first winner of the prestigious booker prize, his novel something to answer for having captured the inaugural award in 1969.	he was the first winner of the booker prize, his novel something to answer for having captured the inaugural award in 1969.
as a whole, the area of new england tends to be progressive in its politics, strongly supportive of education and community-building, and has had a much lower rate of homicides than the south.	as a whole, the area of new england tends to be liberal in its politics, strongly supportive of education and community-building, and has had a much lower rate of homicides than the south.
public enemy, also known as pe, is a legendary hip hop group from long island, new york, known for their politically charged lyrics, criticism of the media, and active interest in the concerns of the african american community.	public enemy, also known as pe, is a hip hop group from long island, new york, known for their politically charged lyrics, criticism of the media, and active interest in the concerns of the african american community.
founded in 1967, it is renowned for its animation and illustration courses, music theatre performance program, and craft and design program.	founded in 1967, it is known for its animation and illustration courses, music theatre performance program, and craft and design program.
with the release of mean girls (2004), another critical and commercial success, lohan became a household name and a frequent target of paparazzi and tabloids.	with the release of mean girls (2004), another critical and commercial success, lohan became a household name and a frequent focus of paparazzi and tabloids.
he first gained notoriety in the 1990s for his work involving the creation of crop circles in the uk.	he first gained note in the 1990s for his work involving the creation of crop circles in the uk.
emperor selassie and platt discussed plans to free ethiopia from the italian yoke .	emperor selassie and platt discussed plans to free ethiopia from the italian rule .
thurmond conducted the longest filibuster ever conducted by a united states senator in opposition to the civil rights act of 1957. thurmond later moderated his views on race, but continued to defend his early segregationist campaigns on the basis of states' rights.	thurmond conducted the longest filibuster ever conducted by a united states senator in opposition to the civil rights act of 1957. thurmond later moderated his position on race, but continued to defend his early segregationist campaigns on the basis of states' rights.
guests early on included oliver north and jesse jackson, and the topics included homelessness and gun control .	guests early on included oliver north and jesse jackson, and the topics included homelessness and gun politics .
he immediately transferred his allegiance to keating and subsequently played a vital role in keating's campaign for the leadership as a numbers man.	he immediately transferred his allegiance to keating and subsequently claimed credit for playing a vital role in keating's campaign for the leadership as a numbers man.
russian life is a 64-page color bimonthly magazine, full of fascinating stories of russian culture, history and life in the world's largest country.	russian life is a 64-page color bimonthly magazine, full of stories of russian culture, history and life in the world's largest country.
though ironically he had been able to father ten illegitimate children, none of his children by his wife survived childhood.	though he had been able to father ten illegitimate children, none of his children by his wife survived childhood.
in contrast to asthma, this limitation is poorly reversible and usually gets progressively worse over time.	in contrast to asthma, this limitation is poorly reversible and usually gets increasingly worse over time.
unfortunately , the 1961 reds drew one of the best teams of its era as its world series foe: the new york yankees of roger maris, mickey mantle, whitey ford, et al., who had won 109 games.	however , the 1961 reds drew one of the best teams of its era as its world series foe: the new york yankees of roger maris, mickey mantle, whitey ford, et al., who had won 109 games.
support from his own party has also dropped with a few members calling for his sacking as he had a bad influence on his party and may cause them to lose the 2008 election.	support from his own party has also dropped with a few members calling for his dismissal as he had a bad influence on his party and may cause them to lose the 2008 election.
michael arthur ledeen (b. los angeles, california, august 1, 1941) is a neoconservative expert on u.s. foreign policy.	michael arthur ledeen (b. los angeles, california, august 1, 1941) is a neoconservative commentator on u.s. foreign policy.
gech gnu/linux users and enthusiasts(glue) is a gnu/ linux user group of gech which organizes regular events and meetups to learn and share their knowledge on various foss technologies.	gech gnu/linux users and enthusiasts(glue) is a linux user group of gech which organizes regular events and meetups to learn and share their knowledge on various foss technologies.
the ozone layer contains less than 10 parts per million of ozone, while the average ozone concentration in earth's atmosphere as a whole is only about 0.3 parts per million.	the ozone layer contains less than 10 parts per million of ozone, while the average ozone concentration in earth's atmosphere as a whole is about 0.3 parts per million.
their population is estimated at around ten million.	their population is estimated at around five million.
in 1993, rupert bear had finally got its own animated television series, with 39 episodes produced by ellipse (france) and nelvana (canada), and another 27 episodes by nelvana to bring the total to 66. it is still broadcast in syndication on ytv in canada.	in 1993, rupert bear had got its own animated television series, with 39 episodes produced by ellipse (france) and nelvana (canada), and another 27 episodes by nelvana to bring the total to 66. it is still broadcast in syndication on ytv in canada.
spectacular views of the canyon can be had along the long north fork mountain trail to the west where sods and cedar barrens can be visited.	views of the canyon can be had along the long north fork mountain trail to the west where sods and cedar barrens can be visited.
it was ruled during the raj by a series of ineffectual viceroys, of whom the best-known was rahul gunderjaharagand.	it was ruled during the raj by a series of viceroys, of whom the best-known was rahul gunderjaharagand.
mpedigree refers both to a world-first technology platform that interconnects gsm mobile networks in the west african republic of ghana to a central registry wherein pedigree information of product brands belonging to participant manufacturers are stored, as well as the organisation that has emerged in the country to manage and promote this registry to organisations and firms in the health sector of ghana and africa.	mpedigree refers both to a technology platform that interconnects gsm mobile networks in the west african republic of ghana to a central registry wherein pedigree information of product brands belonging to participant manufacturers are stored, as well as the organisation that has emerged in the country to manage and promote this registry to organisations and firms in the health sector of ghana and africa.
road to victory (1971-1975)	road to conquest (1971-1975)
for instance, thoughtful criticisms can be found in comments posted to two articles favorable to peer-to-patent on the well-known patently obvious (patently-o) blog: articles about the announced launch and the actual launch of the pilot.	for instance, criticisms can be found in comments posted to two articles favorable to peer-to-patent on the well-known patently obvious (patently-o) blog: articles about the announced launch and the actual launch of the pilot.
ultimately, the plane landed in afghanistan, where the hijackers agreed to release their hostages in exchange for the release of three muslim extremists.	ultimately, the plane landed in afghanistan, where the hijackers agreed to release their hostages in exchange for the release of three extremists.
his appointment was announced in july 2008, replacing kevin white, who abruptly resigned in june 2008 to take the same position at duke university.	his appointment was announced in july 2008, replacing kevin white, who resigned in june 2008 to take the same position at duke university.
they are easy to use, collaborative and flexible but some do not yet meet the power of off-line software like visio or smartdraw.	they are easy to use, collaborative and flexible but do not yet meet the power of off-line software like visio or smartdraw.
freddie starr (born frederick leslie fowell in huyton, liverpool on 9 january 1943) is a zany british comedian who shot to fame after his appearance in the 1970 royal variety performance.	freddie starr (born frederick leslie fowell in huyton, liverpool on 9 january 1943) is a british comedian who shot to fame after his appearance in the 1970 royal variety performance.
meyer, the daughter of lead scientology attorney kendrick moxon, died accidentally in an underground electrical vault at the gold base at about the same time that picketers aboveground were protesting the previous death of ashlee shaner.	meyer, the daughter of lead scientology attorney kendrick moxon, died in an underground electrical vault at the gold base at about the same time that picketers aboveground were protesting the previous death of ashlee shaner.
in addition to malone university's traditional undergraduate college, the school also maintains a competitive graduate school offering masters in a wide field of professional studies, an online school with a variety of bachelors programs, as well as degree completion programs in management and nursing.	in addition to malone university's traditional undergraduate college, the school also maintains a graduate school offering masters in a wide field of professional studies, an online school with a variety of bachelors programs, as well as degree completion programs in management and nursing.
a state is a set of institutions that possess the authority to make the rules that govern the people in one or more societies, having internal and external sovereignty over a definite territory.	a state is a set of institutions that possess the power to make the rules that govern the people in one or more societies, having internal and external sovereignty over a definite territory.
it is recognized as the largest privately held bank in the country with $17 billion in managed assets and 5,000 employees.	it is recognized as the largest privately held bank in the united states with $17 billion in managed assets and 5,000 employees.
new material from soviet archives confirms the bolsheviks' position	new material from soviet archives on the bolsheviks' position
8 august: russian aggression	8 august: russian intervention
the arab world (arabic: ) (al-`alam al-`arabi) stretches from the atlantic ocean in the west to the arabian/persian gulf in the east, and from the mediterranean sea in the north to central africa and the indian ocean in the south.	the arab world (arabic: ) (al-`alam al-`arabi) stretches from the atlantic ocean in the west to the gulf in the east, and from the mediterranean sea in the north to central africa and the indian ocean in the south.
deepwater horizon oil spill hyperbole	deepwater horizon oil spill conjectures
this section was based on a variety of writers, ranging from the 19th century poet and amateur egyptologist gerald massey, to the mythologist joseph campbell to the controversial d.m murdock (acharya s), who has published a companion guide.	this section was based on a variety of writers, ranging from the 19th century poet and the unaccredited egyptologist gerald massey, to the mythologist joseph campbell to the controversial d.m murdock (acharya s), who has published a companion guide.
the large square of place saint sulpice, which is dominated on the east side by the enormous church of saint-sulpice, was built in 1754 in the quiet, tranquil gardens of the latin quarter of the vie arrondissement of paris.	the large square of place saint sulpice, which is dominated on the east side by the church of saint-sulpice, was built in 1754 in the quiet, tranquil gardens of the latin quarter of the vie arrondissement of paris.
sylvain grenier, (born march 26, 1977), is a quebec professional wrestler, who is best known for his appearances with world wrestling entertainment in the la rsistance tag team.	sylvain grenier, (born march 26, 1977), is a french-canadian professional wrestler, who is best known for his appearances with world wrestling entertainment in the la rsistance tag team.
the fox news channel is a conservative u.s. cable and satellite news channel.	the fox news channel is a top-rated u.s. cable and satellite news channel.
"critics have often pointed out that ""how you remind me"", a nickelback song that received extensive airplay in 2001, and ""someday"", a popular song in 2003, are almost perfectly identical except for lyrical content."	"critics have often pointed out that ""how you remind me"", a nickelback song that received extensive airplay in 2001, and ""someday"", a popular song in 2003, are almost audibly identical except for lyrical content."
this is a complete list of original songs composed by the legendary rock band phish.	this is a complete list of original songs composed by the rock band phish.
al ghurabaa call muslims to kill	al ghurabaa call muslims to protest
with third parties like namco, square enix, electronic arts, sega, and hudson soft all making games for the ipod, apple's mp3 player has taken great steps towards entering the video game handheld console market.	with third parties like namco, square enix, electronic arts, sega, and hudson soft all making games for the ipod, apple's mp3 player has taken steps towards entering the video game handheld console market.
the book takes a critical perspective, discussing lies perpetuated by hubbard about himself.	the book takes a critical perspective, discussing falsehoods allegedly perpetuated by hubbard about himself.
the ukrainian catholic eparchy of saint vladimir the great of paris is an eparchy (diocesis) for ukrainian greek catholics, who practice their uniate particular church's ukrainian language byzantine rite in france, belgium, luxemburg, the netherlands and switzerland.	the ukrainian catholic eparchy of saint vladimir the great of paris is an eparchy (diocesis) for ukrainian greek catholics, who practice their particular church 's ukrainian language byzantine rite in france, belgium, luxemburg, the netherlands and switzerland.
the leftist feminist movement has been displeased with this fact.	the feminist movement has been displeased with this fact.
as a result, in february 1975 the democratic government of isabel martnez de pern issued the decree 261 which ordered the army to neutralize and/or annihilate the insurgency in tucumn.	as a result, in february 1975 the government of isabel martnez de pern issued the decree 261 which ordered the army to neutralize and/or annihilate the insurgency in tucumn.
in 1996, howe joined the house band for the channel 4 light entertainment series light lunch and its subsequent spin-off late lunch, presented by comediennes mel and sue.	in 1996, howe joined the house band for the channel 4 light entertainment series light lunch and its subsequent spin-off late lunch, presented by comedians mel and sue.
waterboarding is a form of torture in which water is poured over the face of an immobilized captive, thus causing the individual to experience the sensation of drowning.	waterboarding is a form of enhanced interrogation in which water is poured over the face of an immobilized captive, thus causing the individual to experience the sensation of drowning.
the bishops for other territories and those of lesser eastern catholic churches are appointed in the same way as latin bishops, on the advice of the congregation for the oriental churches.	the bishops for other territories and those of smaller eastern catholic churches are appointed in the same way as latin bishops, on the advice of the congregation for the oriental churches.
the 27th frame was the longest in crucible history and the longest televised frame on record, lasting an incredible 74 minutes.	the 27th frame was the longest in crucible history and the longest televised frame on record, lasting an 74 minutes.
a 1961 episode of tom and jerry, dicky moe parodies the hunting of the whale with hilarious results.	a 1961 episode of tom and jerry, dicky moe parodies the hunting of the whale with humourous results.
the pinnacle of excitement and devotion during the seven-day festival is obviously the last two days.	the pinnacle of excitement and devotion during the seven-day festival is the last two days.
additional us objectives, denied by the us government but acknowledged by some us policy makers, included the establishment of permanent us military bases in iraq as a way of projecting power (creating a credible threat of us military intervention) to the oil-rich gulf region and the middle east generally.	other possible us objectives, denied by the us government but acknowledged by some us policy makers, included the establishment of permanent us military bases in iraq as a way of projecting power (creating a credible threat of us military intervention) to the oil-rich gulf region and the middle east generally.
a satirical nickname for michael flatley, star of the above production	a nickname for michael flatley, star of the above production
a number of statements were made by congressmen and senators paying tribute to buckles and the world war i veterans, and concurrent resolutions were proposed in both the senate and the house to allow buckles to lie in state in the rotunda of the us capitol.	a number of statements were made by representatives and senators paying tribute to buckles and the world war i veterans, and concurrent resolutions were proposed in both the senate and the house to allow buckles to lie in state in the rotunda of the us capitol.
on crime, the decline in new york criminal activity that began in rudy giuliani's tenure has continued.	on crime, the decline in new york criminal activity that began before rudy giuliani's tenure has continued.
land day ( transliterated yom al-ard hebrew: , yom ha'adama), march 30, commemorates the killing of six arab citizens of israel by the israeli army (idf) and police in 1976 during violent protests over israeli expropriations of arab land.	land day ( transliterated yom al-ard hebrew: , yom ha'adama), march 30, commemorates the killing of six arab citizens of israel by the israeli army (idf) and police in 1976 during protests over israeli expropriations of arab land.
"this specious argument is ""as nobles, we have rights, but we have duties also; and such duties thereby validate our rights""."	"this argument is ""as nobles, we have rights, but we have duties also; and such duties thereby validate our rights""."
"cfo fastow is shown to be extremely greedy, using front corporations and partnerships, paying himself ""management"" and ""consultant"" fees as if he were an outsider, and cooking books."	"cfo fastow is shown to be voraciously greedy, using front corporations and partnerships, paying himself ""management"" and ""consultant"" fees as if he were an outsider, and cooking books."
with an average income of around kyd$42,000, caymanians enjoy the highest standard of living in the caribbean.	with an average income of around kyd$42,000, caymanians have the highest standard of living in the caribbean.
influenced by serge gainsbourg, the velvet underground, jean luc godard, gang of four, john fante, joy division, jacques brel and johnny cash , john and jehn's music is a collection of sonic experiments, carried by dark humour on razor-sharp pop melodies.	influenced by serge gainsbourg, the velvet underground, jean luc godard, gang of four, john fante, joy division, jacques brel and johnny cash , john and jehn's music is a collection of sonic experiments, carried by dark humour on pop melodies.
in 2008, the institute facilitated a donation of $350,000 by dr g. bryant macfie, a climate change denialist , to the university of queensland for environmental research.	in 2008, the institute facilitated a donation of $350,000 by dr g. bryant macfie, a climate change sceptic , to the university of queensland for environmental research.
clatworthy offers excellent top of the water fishing with nymphs or dry flies or, at the deep areas, with sinking lines and flashing lures.	clatworthy offers top of the water fishing with nymphs or dry flies or, at the deep areas, with sinking lines and flashing lures.
mary flaherty is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by melanie clark pullen.	mary flaherty is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by melanie clark pullen.
around early 1550, both sine and its sister serer kingdom (the kingdom of saloum) overthrew the jolof yoke and became independent kingdoms.	around early 1550, both sine and its sister serer kingdom (the kingdom of saloum) overthrew the jolof and became independent kingdoms.
the 8-circuit model of consciousness is a pseudoscientific model of consciousness proposed by timothy leary.	the 8-circuit model of consciousness is a model of consciousness proposed by timothy leary.
in its most uncompromising form, biblical inerrancy holds that the bible is literally true in every word, at least in the original autograph (the first texts written in the original hebrew, greek or aramaic).	in its most stringent form, biblical inerrancy holds that the bible is literally true in every word, at least in the original autograph (the first texts written in the original hebrew, greek or aramaic).
in february 2009, sigifredo lpez, the only deputy who survived and was later released by farc, accused the terrorist group of killing the 11 captives and denied that any military rescue attempt had taken place.	in february 2009, sigifredo lpez, the only deputy who survived and was later released by farc, accused the group of killing the 11 captives and denied that any military rescue attempt had taken place.
bears 26, packers 0 (september 10, 2006) – in the opening week of the 2006 season, september 10, the chicago bears handed legendary packer quarterback brett favre his first shutout in his 16-year career, winning 26-0 in green bay.	bears 26, packers 0 (september 10, 2006) – in the opening week of the 2006 season, september 10, the chicago bears handed packer quarterback brett favre his first shutout in his 16-year career, winning 26-0 in green bay.
also before the ceremonies a woman tries to streak across the stadium, but thankfully was turned back by security personel.	also before the ceremonies a woman tries to streak across the stadium, but was turned back by security personel.
there are many new businesses and great small established businesses.	there are many new businesses and small established businesses.
kannada is a highly inflected language with three genders (masculine, feminine, and neutral or common) and two numbers (singular and plural).	kannada is a highly inflected language with three genders (masculine, feminine, and neuter or common) and two numbers (singular and plural).
the bodhisattvacharyvatra or bodhicaryvatra, sometimes translated into english as a guide to the bodhisattva's way of life, is a famous mahyna buddhist text written c. 700 ad in sanskrit verse by shantideva (ntideva), a buddhist monk at nland monastic university in india.	the bodhisattvacharyvatra or bodhicaryvatra, sometimes translated into english as a guide to the bodhisattva's way of life, is a mahyna buddhist text written c. 700 ad in sanskrit verse by shantideva (ntideva), a buddhist monk at nland monastic university in india.
rice even performed brahms's sonata in d minor, 2nd movement, with famed malaysian violinist mustafa fuzer nawi (conductor of the national symphony orchestra) at the gala dinner of the asean ministerial meeting on july 27, 2006. she has also played glenn gould's piano while meeting with michalle jean, the governor general of canada, at rideau hall on october 25, 2005, and she gave a sampling of her musical talent for katie couric on the 60 minutes season premiere in 2006.	rice also performed brahms's sonata in d minor, 2nd movement, with famed malaysian violinist mustafa fuzer nawi (conductor of the national symphony orchestra) at the gala dinner of the asean ministerial meeting on july 27, 2006. she has also played glenn gould's piano while meeting with michalle jean, the governor general of canada, at rideau hall on october 25, 2005, and she gave a sampling of her musical talent for katie couric on the 60 minutes season premiere in 2006.
"in 1933, with the support of more traditional right-wing conservatives, hitler became chancellor of germany and the nazis gradually established a one-party totalitarian state, under which jews, political opponents and other ""undesirable"" elements were marginalised, harassed and eventually imprisoned and exterminated ."	"in 1933, with the support of more traditional right-wing conservatives, hitler became chancellor of germany and the nazis gradually established a one-party totalitarian state, under which jews, political opponents and other ""undesirable"" elements were marginalised, harassed and eventually imprisoned and killed ."
he has played both lead and supporting roles in films such as beetlejuice, the hunt for red october and martin scorsese's critically-acclaimed the aviator and the departed.	he has played both lead and supporting roles in films such as beetlejuice, the hunt for red october and martin scorsese's the aviator and the departed.
the underwriter gets a nice profit from the markup, plus possibly an exclusive sales agreement.	the underwriter gets a profit from the markup, plus possibly an exclusive sales agreement.
he is most commonly known in english and scots as bonnie prince charlie.	he is commonly known in english and scots as bonnie prince charlie.
egypt and saudi arabia finally reach an agreement on the disputed islands of tiran island and sanafir island, placing the formerly egyptian-administered islands officially under saudi arabian sovereignty.	egypt and saudi arabia reach an agreement on the disputed islands of tiran island and sanafir island, placing the formerly egyptian-administered islands officially under saudi arabian sovereignty.
"news of third grade students reading at ninth grade level, four-year-olds learning to read in only a few months, outstanding test scores, disappearance of behavioral problems, second-graders studying shakespeare, and other incredible reports, astounded the public."""	"news of third grade students reading at ninth grade level, four-year-olds learning to read in a few months, outstanding test scores, disappearance of behavioral problems, second-graders studying shakespeare, and other incredible reports, astounded the public."""
mel brieseman is a new zealand public health guru , surgeon, obstetrician and former missionary to india.	mel brieseman is a new zealand public health official , surgeon, obstetrician and former missionary to india.
in a similar manner to the original series the show included impressive action sequences, often in a james bond style.	in a similar manner to the original series the show included action sequences, often in a james bond style.
"there followed the sound of a doorbell, and the immortal words: ""(ding-dong) anne of avon, calling!"""	"there followed the sound of a doorbell, and the words: ""(ding-dong) anne of avon, calling!"""
most of our knowledge of ancient indian clothing comes from rock sculptures and paintings in cave monuments such as ellora and ajanta caves.	most of the present knowledge of ancient indian clothing comes from rock sculptures and paintings in cave monuments such as ellora and ajanta caves.
"in louisiana, to ""smother"" food means to smother rice on a plate with a delicious sauce containing a small amount of liquid (usually with lots of seasonings and spices added)."	"in louisiana, to ""smother"" food means to smother rice on a plate with a sauce containing a small amount of liquid (usually with lots of seasonings and spices added)."
women are prohibited from entering the church during their periods; they are also expected to cover their hair with a large scarf (or shash) while in church, but contrary to the unbiblical teaching of most other christian denominations, it is not in the old testament that this is commanded, but rather in the new (1 cor.	women are prohibited from entering the church during their periods; they are also expected to cover their hair with a large scarf (or shash) while in church, but contrary to the teaching of most other christian denominations, it is not in the old testament that this is commanded, but rather in the new (1 cor.
she also appeared in the circle and pretty ladies (both 1925), starring comedienne zasu pitts.	she also appeared in the circle and pretty ladies (both 1925), starring comedian zasu pitts.
at present, the earth is not cooling, but rather is in a period of global warming mostly attributed to human activity.	at present, the earth is not cooling, but rather is in a period of global warming most likely attributed to human activity.
the following year, cox suffered a serious car accident which greatly influenced the band's seventh studio album, fading frontier (2015).	the following year, cox suffered a serious car crash which greatly influenced the band's seventh studio album, fading frontier (2015).
on the march 20 episode of his podcast, whimsically volatile , mccook described his brief hiatus in detail, admitting he had suffered a psychotic break after relapsing into the use of methamphetamine.	on the march 20 episode of his podcast, whimsically volatile , mccook described his brief hiatus in detail, saying he had suffered a psychotic break after relapsing into the use of methamphetamine.
ntp, inc., a virgina-based patent litigation firm.	ntp, inc., a virgina-based patent holding firm.
in 2016, downs launched a petition calling on the prime minister theresa may to ban all crop spraying of poisonous pesticides near residents' homes, schools and playgrounds.	in 2016, downs launched a petition calling on the prime minister theresa may to ban all crop spraying of pesticides near residents' homes, schools and playgrounds.
"the most famous of these segments is her notorious ""man on the street"" segments, where she corners everyday new yorkers and tests their knowledge of everyday current events."	"the most famous of these segments is her notorious ""man on the street"" segments, where she asks everyday new yorkers and tests their knowledge of everyday current events."
it was almost certainly brought to america by italian immigrants and probably was first cultivated in the united states in california.	it was almost certainly taken to america by italian immigrants and probably was first cultivated in the united states in california.
on 12 march 1950 raf llandow was the site of the llandow air disaster, when an airplane returning welsh rugby fans from an international match in belfast crashed on approach in the nearby village of sigingstone.	on 12 march 1950 raf llandow was the site of the llandow air disaster, when an aircraft returning welsh rugby fans from an international match in belfast crashed on approach in the nearby village of sigingstone.
he opened the year 13-of-17 for 300 yards and 3 touchdowns in his starting debut against western kentucky university.	he opened the year 13-of-17 for 300 yards and three touchdowns in his starting debut against western kentucky university.
"she performed to the tune of ""hava nagila"" and dedicated her floor routine to the 11 israeli olympians who were killed by palestinian terrorists at the 1972 summer olympics in munich."	"she performed to the tune of ""hava nagila"" and dedicated her floor routine to the 11 israeli olympians who were killed by palestinian militants at the 1972 summer olympics in munich."
"adolph ""spike"" dubs (august 4, 1920  february 14, 1979) was the united states ambassador to afghanistan from may 13, 1978, until his death in 1979. he was murdered during a rescue attempt after his kidnapping."	"adolph ""spike"" dubs (august 4, 1920  february 14, 1979) was the united states ambassador to afghanistan from may 13, 1978, until his death in 1979. he was killed during a rescue attempt after his kidnapping."
however, since 1968 hardy county has not voted for any democratic presidential candidate apart from jimmy carter in 1976 and bill clinton in 1996, whilst since 2000 it has suffered the same drastic declines in democratic support as the rest of socially conservative west virginia.	however, since 1968 hardy county has not voted for any democratic presidential candidate apart from jimmy carter in 1976 and bill clinton in 1996, whilst since 2000 it has seen the same drastic declines in democratic support as the rest of socially conservative west virginia.
"ludwig wittgenstein remarked that kierkegaard was ""by far, the most profound thinker of the nineteenth century"""	"ludwig wittgenstein opined that kierkegaard was ""by far, the most profound thinker of the nineteenth century"""
during this time she experimented with cocaine and marijuana, but oddly did not consume alcohol to any great degree.	during this time she experimented with cocaine and marijuana, but did not consume alcohol to any great degree.
in his years of proselytising , aidan was responsible for the construction of churches, monasteries and schools throughout northumbria.	in his years of evangelism , aidan was responsible for the construction of churches, monasteries and schools throughout northumbria.
she also appears as a fictional character in volume 4 the magic labyrinth and volume 5 gods of riverworld of the series riverworld by the noted science fiction writer phillip jose farmer.	she also appears as a fictional character in volume 4 the magic labyrinth and volume 5 gods of riverworld of the series riverworld by the science fiction writer phillip jose farmer.
"misrepresenting the indo-aryan migration theory as a ""indo-aryan invasion theory"", pointing to the supposed lack of genetic and archaeological evidence to support such an ""invasion"" into north west india;"	"presenting the indo-aryan migration theory as a ""indo-aryan invasion theory"", pointing to the supposed lack of genetic and archaeological evidence to support such an ""invasion"" into north west india;"
in 1960, kaiser corporation erected it's headquarters, the largest high-rise up to that time, at the former site of holy names university, a parcel at the corner of 20th and harrison streets.	in 1960, kaiser corporation erected it's headquarters, the largest skyscraper in oakland up to that time, at the former site of holy names university, a parcel at the corner of 20th and harrison streets.
subsequent books took on a slightly outspoken tone as he started writing books revealing a vast world conspiracy and became much more outspoken in his views.	subsequent books took on a slightly outspoken tone as he started writing books revealing a vast world conspiracy and became somewhat more outspoken in his views.
in 2073, a 37-year-old former marine commander named jack harper (tom cruise) is one of the last few drone repairmen stationed on earth, which was nearly destroyed by an alien invasion 60 years earlier.	in 2073, a 37-year-old former marine commander named jack harper (tom cruise) is one of the last few drone mechanics stationed on earth, which was nearly destroyed by an alien invasion 60 years earlier.
in 2003 he was given an award by the town newspaper the shuttle in recognition for his hard work in helping create and set up kidderminster college's own record label m.a.s.	in 2003 he was given an award by the town newspaper the shuttle in recognition for his work in helping create and set up kidderminster college's own record label m.a.s.
prior to european occupation , the area around coburg and merri creek was occupied by the woiwurrung speaking wurundjeri people of the kulin nation.	prior to european settlement , the area around coburg and merri creek was occupied by the woiwurrung speaking wurundjeri people of the kulin nation.
attempts to assassinate the administrator took place a few times; unfortunatley none of them succeeded - one more publicized occurred on december 6, 2003 when his convoy driving on the dangerous baghdad airport road was attacked by rebels as he was returning to the fortified green zone.	attempts to assassinate the administrator took place a few times; none of them succeeded - one more publicized occurred on december 6, 2003 when his convoy driving on the dangerous baghdad airport road was attacked by rebels as he was returning to the fortified green zone.
he has his own officially recognised charity wise (wales ireland scotland england) communities and works tirelessly for research into a cure for alzheimer's and dementia and sports and creative expression for old and young alike.	he has his own officially recognised charity wise (wales ireland scotland england) communities and works for research into a cure for alzheimer's and dementia and sports and creative expression for old and young alike.
on july 11, 2018, award-winning duran duran lead singer simon le bon was accused by shereen hariri of sexually assaulting her at the wherehouse, a record store she worked for at the time during a photograph session on april 10, 1995.	on july 11, 2018, duran duran lead singer simon le bon was accused by shereen hariri of sexually assaulting her at the wherehouse, a record store she worked for at the time during a photograph session on april 10, 1995.
the caaf water drains from caaf reservoir and soon passes the michelin star rated braidwoods restaurant, before entering the lynn glen with its picturesque waterfall and finally enters the garnock south of dalry.	the caaf water drains from caaf reservoir and soon passes the michelin star rated braidwoods restaurant, before entering the lynn glen with its waterfall and finally enters the garnock south of dalry.
under a necessary programme of expansion and modernisation in the 1960s and 1970s under the able headmastership of tim slack, the senior school grew from 240 pupils in 1966 to 340, therafter increasing to some 415 by 1990.	under a necessary programme of expansion and modernisation in the 1960s and 1970s under the headmastership of tim slack, the senior school grew from 240 pupils in 1966 to 340, therafter increasing to some 415 by 1990.
in years following, she decided to abandon africa to permanently move to madrid, spain.	in years following, she decided to leave africa to permanently move to madrid, spain.
office of the governor investigation	office of the governor report
kovai sarala is an indian film actress and comedienne , who prominently plays supporting roles.	kovai sarala is an indian film actress and comedian , who prominently plays supporting roles.
donald wilbur stewart (born february 8 1940) was a u.s. senator from the state of alabama.	donald wilbur stewart (born february 8 1940) was a united states senator from the state of alabama.
grant applications commonly require the applicants to state whether or not they hold ph.d.s, which may be a further motivation for prospective academics to obtain ph.d.s; but publication output another university rating measure is not directly affected by ph.d. qualifications since most peer-reviewed research journals do not print the qualifications of article authors in their by-lines.	grant applications may require the applicants to state whether or not they hold ph.d.s, which may be a further motivation for prospective academics to obtain ph.d.s; but publication output another university rating measure is not directly affected by ph.d. qualifications since most peer-reviewed research journals do not print the qualifications of article authors in their by-lines.
"the albums title unhinged, was a play on the title of the popular mtv series, ""unplugged""."	"the albums title unhinged, was a play on the title of the mtv series, ""unplugged""."
after more legal battles, she entered as a member of the corps of cadets on saturday, august 12, 1995, but dropped out after only a week.	after more legal battles, she entered as a member of the corps of cadets on saturday, august 12, 1995, but dropped out after a week.
the so-called turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) (turkish: kuzey kbrs trk cumhuriyeti) is a breakaway de facto state proclaimed in the northern third of the island of cyprus in 1983, nine years after the turkish invasion of cyprus.	the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) (turkish: kuzey kbrs trk cumhuriyeti) is a breakaway de facto state proclaimed in the northern third of the island of cyprus in 1983, nine years after the turkish invasion of cyprus.
leon is not his surname but he carries it as a middle name/second surname as a mark of respect to his grandfather originally, but since late 2006 also as a tribute to his eldest brother, leon sanchez, who died tragically in a motorbike accident.	leon is not his surname but he carries it as a middle name/second surname as a mark of respect to his grandfather originally, but since late 2006 also as a tribute to his eldest brother, leon sanchez, who died in a motorbike accident.
on the weekends, families, friends and their fighting dogs would frequent these seady locations.	on the weekends, families, friends and their fighting dogs would frequent these locations.
"however, as some unpublished sides cut even later, in london in 1933 (see ), are touching ""beaux restes"", with a great deal of voice still surviving to this late date."	"however, as some unpublished sides made even later, in london in 1933 (see ), are touching ""beaux restes"", with a great deal of voice still surviving to this late date."
many interpretations of the verse originate from christian/jewish sources that were recorded in some works of quranic exegesis tafsir.	many interpretations of the verse originate from sources that were recorded in some works of quranic exegesis tafsir.
one modern academic theory of world religions, social constructionism, says that religion is a modern concept that suggests all spiritual practice and worship follows a model similar to judaism as an orientation system that helps to interpret reality and define human beings , and thus religion, as a concept, has been applied inappropriately to non-western cultures which either lack such systems, or in which these systems are a substantially simpler construct.	one modern academic theory of world religions, social constructionism, says that religion is a modern concept that suggests all spiritual practice and worship follows a model similar to the abrahamic religions as an orientation system that helps to interpret reality and define human beings , and thus religion, as a concept, has been applied inappropriately to non-western cultures which either lack such systems, or in which these systems are a substantially simpler construct.
harry then arranges a meeting between his child-minded friend petruchio (rufus sewell) and katherine.	harry then arranges a meeting between his friend petruchio (rufus sewell) and katherine.
he was targeted for murdering sinn fin fundraiser john lynch, mistaken for liam lynch, divisional commandant of the 1st southern division.	he was targeted for killing sinn fin fundraiser john lynch, mistaken for liam lynch, divisional commandant of the 1st southern division.
panko brashnarov (1883, veles, present day republic of macedonia - 1951, goli otok), present day croatia, was a bulgarian revolutionary, member of the left wing of the macedonian-adrianople revolutionary movement (imaro).	panko brashnarov (1883, veles, present day republic of macedonia - 1951, goli otok), present day croatia, was a revolutionary, member of the left wing of the macedonian-adrianople revolutionary movement (imaro).
she holds both a m.a.	reisman holds both a m.a.
wenger has a reputation for unearthing talent and developing young exciting players from across europe and, in recent years, africa.	wenger has a reputation for unearthing talent and developing young players from across europe and, in recent years, africa.
the book of mormon tells of the people of jared, consisting of several families from the tower of babel, who migrated to america from asia before abraham's time; a group including lehi's family who migrated to america from jerusalem around 600 b.c.	the book of mormon tells of the people of jared, consisting of several families from the tower of babel, who migrated to america from the old world before abraham's time; a group including lehi's family who migrated to america from jerusalem around 600 b.c.
as the investigators close in, sturak attempts to make gelster confess to his party membership so the case can be closed and so others can continue their nefarious work.	as the investigators close in, sturak attempts to make gelster confess to his party membership so the case can be closed and so others can continue their work.
in 2005, his older sister zaynab moved back to canada from pakistan to demand fair treatment for omar and his brother abdullah.	in 2005, his older sister zaynab moved back to canada from pakistan to demand better treatment for omar and his brother abdullah.
1973 - fulgencio batista, cuban dictator (b.	1973 - fulgencio batista, cuban president and de facto leader (b.
the large majority of bah's have followed a line of authority from bah'u'llh to `abdu'l-bah to shoghi effendi to the custodians to the universal house of justice.	the majority of bah's have followed a line of authority from bah'u'llh to `abdu'l-bah to shoghi effendi to the custodians to the universal house of justice.
it has tens of kilometers of fine sand and its ideal climate during the second half of the year makes it one of the beautiful seaside resorts of northern moroccan.	it has tens of kilometers of fine sand and its ideal climate during the second half of the year makes it one of the seaside resorts of northern moroccan.
the swedes do, however, pay a high price for its welfare state - its taxes are among the highest in the free world.	the swedes do, however, pay a high price for its welfare state - its taxes are among the highest in the world.
"the right-wing group judicial watch has interpreted records from the vaers (the vaccine adverse event reporting system) to mean that gardasil is responsible for 1637 ""adverse effects ranging from minor to serious,"" and three deaths in the united states between july 2006 and may 2007. judicial watch obtained these records under the freedom of information act and from data available from the government at www.medalerts.org."	"the conservative group judicial watch has interpreted records from the vaers (the vaccine adverse event reporting system) to mean that gardasil is responsible for 1637 ""adverse effects ranging from minor to serious,"" and three deaths in the united states between july 2006 and may 2007. judicial watch obtained these records under the freedom of information act and from data available from the government at www.medalerts.org."
just 12 months after his heartbreaking loss to roger federer, murray made it through to the final again, to face djokovic.	just 12 months after his loss to roger federer, murray made it through to the final again, to face djokovic.
he tolerated the idolatry of his foreign wife, and met the religious objections of his people with violence, thus estranging his followers and sowing dissension among them.	he tolerated the religion of his foreign wife, and met the religious objections of his people with violence, thus estranging his followers and sowing dissension among them.
there are just 13,603 catholics in iran - out of a total population of almost 70 million.	there are 13,603 catholics in iran - out of a total population of almost 70 million.
the hieratic form of numerals stressed an exact finite series notation, being ciphered one:one onto the beautiful egyptian alphabet.the egyptian system used bases of ten.	the hieratic form of numerals stressed an exact finite series notation, being ciphered one:one onto the egyptian alphabet.the egyptian system used bases of ten.
a funny thing happened on the way to the moon is a 2001 documentary written, produced, and directed by nashville, tennessee-based filmmaker and investigative journalist bart winfield sibrel, a critic of the united states space program and proponent of the unsubstantiated theory that the six apollo lunar landing missions between 1969 and 1972 were hoaxes perpetrated by the us government.	a funny thing happened on the way to the moon is a 2001 documentary written, produced, and directed by nashville, tennessee-based filmmaker and investigative journalist bart winfield sibrel, a critic of the united states space program and proponent of the theory that the six apollo lunar landing missions between 1969 and 1972 were hoaxes perpetrated by the us government.
new york city's dyke march is another beloved tradition.	new york city's dyke march is another tradition.
meanwhile carmona and several other consiprators fled overseas.	meanwhile carmona and several other participants in the events of 11 april fled overseas.
the client and server will run in microsoft windows, mac os x, gnu/ linux, irix, and an array of other platforms.	the client and server will run in microsoft windows, mac os x, linux, irix, and an array of other platforms.
three of his brothers-in-law, the dynamite kid, davey boy smith, and jim neidhart, had very successful careers in the business.	three of his brothers-in-law, the dynamite kid, davey boy smith, and jim neidhart, had successful careers in the business.
(see also latrinalia) please note that such graffiti is not always written in pencil or pen, and in some grotesque cases, fecal matter (albeit rare).	(see also latrinalia) please note that such graffiti is not always written in pencil or pen, and in some cases, fecal matter (albeit rare).
the name of the warship that served the confederacy in the famous battle of hampton roads has been a continuing source of confusion and some contention.	the name of the warship that served the confederacy in the battle of hampton roads has been a continuing source of confusion and some contention.
his statement and his subsequent defenses of it were widely criticized as implying moral equivalence between the white supremacist marchers and those who protested against neo-nazism and white supremacy.	his statement and his subsequent defenses of it were criticized as implying moral equivalence between the white supremacist marchers and those who protested against neo-nazism and white supremacy.
rachel anne maddow (born april 1, 1973) is an american radio personality, television host, and liberal political commentator.	rachel anne maddow (born april 1, 1973) is an american radio personality, television host, and political commentator.
instead you must use helper objects, special proxy classes, or use the terrible visitor pattern, all of which add to the complexity and ugliness of the implementation.	instead you must use helper objects, special proxy classes, or use the visitor pattern, all of which add to the complexity and ugliness of the implementation.
an excellent example of an individuals expression of taphophilia is the character harold in the movie harold and maude.	an example of an individuals expression of taphophilia is the character harold in the movie harold and maude.
immediately after handily beating kimi raikkonen to win the italian grand prix in monza, on september 10, 2006, schumacher announced his retirement at the end of the 2006 season, bringing to an end the racing career of statistically the greatest driver in the history in f1 motor racing.	immediately after beating kimi raikkonen to win the italian grand prix in monza, on september 10, 2006, schumacher announced his retirement at the end of the 2006 season, bringing to an end the racing career of statistically the greatest driver in the history in f1 motor racing.
at the time, the world population stood at 5.5 billion, and optimistic scenarios predicted a peak of 7.8 billion by 2050, a number that current estimates show will be reached around 2022.	at the time, the world population stood at 5.5 billion, and low-bound scenarios predicted a peak of 7.8 billion by 2050, a number that current estimates show will be reached around 2022.
the andorran principality has the unique distinction of being ruled by two non-andorran sovereigns, one of whom (the french president) is the only monarch in the world to be elected by common citizens—though not by the citizens of andorra, but rather those of france.	the andorran principality has the unique distinction of being ruled by two sovereigns, one of whom (the french president) is the only monarch in the world to be elected by common citizens—though not by the citizens of andorra, but rather those of france.
"jessica hodgson of the guardian revealed that ""the grovelling editorial follows a protest last week by a group of activists calling themselves action against anti-semitism, who marched into the magazine's offices demanding it print an apology."""	"jessica hodgson of the guardian stated that ""the grovelling editorial follows a protest last week by a group of activists calling themselves action against anti-semitism, who marched into the magazine's offices demanding it print an apology."""
gordon is often compared to actress fran drescher and singer/ comedienne /actress bette midler.	gordon is often compared to actress fran drescher and singer/ comedian /actress bette midler.
his affiliation was with china's national geological survey (dizhi diaochasuo) which was organized and led by the extraordinary chinese scholar ding wenjiang (v.k.	his affiliation was with china's national geological survey (dizhi diaochasuo) which was organized and led by the chinese scholar ding wenjiang (v.k.
umbreon is one of the strongest evolutions of eevee, which it will evolve into if it is happy at night (after 6:00pm).	umbreon is one of the five evolutions of eevee, which it will evolve into if it is happy at night (after 6:00pm).
broderick (whose leg was broken) was cleared of all charges but paid a small fine to the victims' family.	broderick (whose leg was broken) was cleared of all charges but paid a fine to the victims' family.
duklja/'' (latin: doclea or diocleia) was a slavic serbian medieval state with hereditary lands roughly encompassing the territories of the zeta river, skadar lake and the boka bay and bordering with travunia at kotor.	duklja/'' (latin: doclea or diocleia) was a slavic medieval state with hereditary lands roughly encompassing the territories of the zeta river, skadar lake and the boka bay and bordering with travunia at kotor.
he likes dressing up as a woman, wears makeup and has had his skin whitened .	he likes dressing up as a woman, wears makeup and has had his skin lightened .
there is a controversy surrounding achaea because of its claim of being free-to-play.	there is some controversy surrounding achaea because of its claim of being free-to-play.
abuse of multi-symptom cold medications, rather than using a cough suppressant whose sole active ingredient is dextromethorphan, carries significant risk of fatality or serious illness.	misuse of multi-symptom cold medications, rather than using a cough suppressant whose sole active ingredient is dextromethorphan, carries significant risk of fatality or serious illness.
at least one study has demonstrated that adult wolves can be successfully socialized.	at least one study has reported that adult wolves can be successfully socialized.
shortly after his passing , the bengals' fortunes changed for the worse for a long time.	shortly after his death , the bengals' fortunes changed for the worse for a long time.
established as a theatre space around 1956 in a pre-civil war barn that was part of martz farm, the theater grew when bill loucks and a group from pittsburgh playhouse expanded the building and christened it the william penn theater.	established as a theatre space around 1956 in a pre-civil war barn that was part of martz farm, the theater grew when bill loucks and a group from pittsburgh playhouse expanded the building and named it the william penn theater.
the brahmic family is a family of alphasyllabaries used in south asia, southeast asia, and parts of central asia and east asia, descended from the brhm script.	the brahmic family is a family of abugida s used in south asia, southeast asia, and parts of central asia and east asia, descended from the brhm script.
"in august 2007, during fish's concert at the 'hobbles on the cobbles' in aylesbury, buckinghamshire; the much-loved ""classic"" marillion line-up was reformed for a one off performance of 'market square heroes'."	"in august 2007, during fish's concert at the 'hobbles on the cobbles' in aylesbury, buckinghamshire; the ""classic"" marillion line-up was reformed for a one off performance of 'market square heroes'."
after a little suggestion by their grandmother, jonine booth wright, who was a drama teacher and actress, the sprouses began acting at the age of six months, appearing in a commercial for toilet paper.	after a suggestion by their grandmother, jonine booth wright, who was a drama teacher and actress, the sprouses began acting at the age of six months, appearing in a commercial for toilet paper.
"john bruce ""jack"" thompson (born july 23, 1950) is a miami, florida-based attorney at law often cited in the media for his reactionary views on the effects of obscenity and violence in popular media."	"john bruce ""jack"" thompson (born july 23, 1950) is a miami, florida-based attorney at law often cited in the media for his views on the effects of obscenity and violence in popular media."
despite the fact that the japanese had sunk oglala, thankfully none of her crew was killed in the attack.	despite the fact that the japanese had sunk oglala, none of her crew was killed in the attack.
the earliest lexicographic evidence of these macedonian dialects can be found in a lexicon from the 16th century written in the greek alphabet.	the earliest lexicographic evidence of these dialects can be found in a lexicon from the 16th century written in the greek alphabet.
commentators have noted david's intact penis, which is at odds with judaic practice, but is consistent with the conventions of renaissance art.	commentators have noted david's uncircumcised penis, which is at odds with judaic practice, but is consistent with the conventions of renaissance art.
in the islamic world astrology was discredited very early owing to the development of the scientific method and the work of al-farabi, alhacen, al-biruni, avicenna and averroes.	in the islamic world astrology was rejected very early owing to the development of the scientific method and the work of al-farabi, alhacen, al-biruni, avicenna and averroes.
herg started out drawing in a much looser, rougher style which was likely influenced by famous american comic strip artists of the late 1920s and 1930s, such as gluyas williams and george mcmanus.	herg started out drawing in a much looser, rougher style which was likely influenced by american comic strip artists of the late 1920s and 1930s, such as gluyas williams and george mcmanus.
by the end of june 1971, only 13 detection techniques were being actively pursued by usaeds: seismic(b), debris collection (c),	by the end of june 1971, 13 detection techniques were being actively pursued by usaeds: seismic(b), debris collection (c),
most recently, the 2009 recipient of this award, 44th u.s. president barack obama, has drawn criticism for the perceived premature timing of the award.	most recently, the 2009 recipient of this award, 44th u.s. president barack obama, has drawn criticism for perceived premature timing of the award.
over the past decade, gdp growth averaged only 1% due to government downsizing, drought, a drop in construction, the decline in tourism and foreign investment due to asian financial difficulties, and less income from the renewal of fishing-vessel licenses.	over the past decade, gdp growth averaged 1% due to government downsizing, drought, a drop in construction, the decline in tourism and foreign investment due to asian financial difficulties, and less income from the renewal of fishing-vessel licenses.
the earth charter is a declaration of fundamental values and principles useful for building a just, sustainable, and peaceful global society in the 21st century.	the earth charter is a declaration of fundamental values and principles drafted by the earth charter commission that it considers necessary for building a just, sustainable, and peaceful global society in the 21st century.
however, supposed sightings in michigan , southern indiana, wisconsin, illinois, wisconsin, kentucky, massachusetts, new york and maine and various other locations may mean that the cougar will eventually recolonize part of its former eastern range.	however, reported sightings in michigan , southern indiana, wisconsin, illinois, wisconsin, kentucky, massachusetts, new york and maine and various other locations may mean that the cougar will eventually recolonize part of its former eastern range.
in a stunning paper in science in 2006 nowak enunciated and unified the mathematical rules for the five understood bases of the evolution of cooperation (kin selection, direct reciprocity, indirect reciprocity, network reciprocity, and group selection) he suggests that evolution is constructive because of cooperation, which is the secret behind the open-endedness of the evolutionary process, and that we might add natural cooperation as a third fundamental principle of evolution beside mutation and natural selection.	in a paper in science in 2006 nowak enunciated and unified the mathematical rules for the five understood bases of the evolution of cooperation (kin selection, direct reciprocity, indirect reciprocity, network reciprocity, and group selection) he suggests that evolution is constructive because of cooperation, which is the secret behind the open-endedness of the evolutionary process, and that we might add natural cooperation as a third fundamental principle of evolution beside mutation and natural selection.
shemale is widely used in sex industries to refer to transsexual people who have breasts of an adult female (either grown naturally as a result of an intersex condition such as androgen insensitivity syndrome, through hormone replacement therapy, or through breast augmentation surgery) and may have other female secondary sex characteristics, but have not undergone male-to-female sex reassignment surgery, in many instances intersex persons born with ambiguous genitalia have, at the request of their parents, or on the advice of surgeons, been surgically altered to appear more male before puberty (which may be the reason that many shemales appear to have female skeletal structure and fat distribution, feminine body hair patterns, and/or small genitals resembling those of a prepubescent boy); this often occurs in children with reifenstein syndrome, a form of pais.	shemale is also used in sex industries to refer to transsexual people who have breasts of an adult female (either grown naturally as a result of an intersex condition such as androgen insensitivity syndrome, through hormone replacement therapy, or through breast augmentation surgery) and may have other female secondary sex characteristics, but have not undergone male-to-female sex reassignment surgery, in many instances intersex persons born with ambiguous genitalia have, at the request of their parents, or on the advice of surgeons, been surgically altered to appear more male before puberty (which may be the reason that many shemales appear to have female skeletal structure and fat distribution, feminine body hair patterns, and/or small genitals resembling those of a prepubescent boy); this often occurs in children with reifenstein syndrome, a form of pais.
soviet union also attempted terror bombing tactics against finland, bombing helsinki.	soviet union also attempted strategic bombing tactics against finland, bombing helsinki.
it's possible these young women foolishly choose to become non-nude models because they have a vague misconception or promise that they'll advance to a career in professional modeling.	it's possible these young women choose to become non-nude models because they have a vague misconception or promise that they'll advance to a career in professional modeling.
"accompanied by a highly distinctive video, the single peaked at #2 in early 1981 ( infamously kept off the top spot by joe dolce's novelty hit ""shaddap you face"")."	"accompanied by a highly distinctive video, the single peaked at #2 in early 1981 ( famously kept off the top spot by joe dolce's novelty hit ""shaddap you face"")."
he died in january 2015, during the charlie hebdo shooting at the headquarters of the magazine in paris.	he was murdered in january 2015, during the charlie hebdo shooting at the headquarters of the magazine in paris.
for instance, in the original phase i semipalatinsk tests were generally negative, with only the gantry crane being considered close to being a match.	for instance, in the original phase i semipalatinsk tests were generally negative, with only the gantry crane being considered close to a match.
a nomad of the time streams is a compilation volume of michael moorcock's influential early steampunk trilogy which moorcock began in 1971 with the warlord of the air and was continued by its 1974 and 1981 sequels, the land leviathan and the steel tsar.	a nomad of the time streams is a compilation volume of michael moorcock's early steampunk trilogy which moorcock began in 1971 with the warlord of the air and was continued by its 1974 and 1981 sequels, the land leviathan and the steel tsar.
"the field is divided between writers working to emphasize the history of same-sex erotic relationships, who identify a strong homoerotic element in lawrence's life, and scholars, including his official biographer, who have been accused of ""attempting to defend lawrence against 'charges' of homosexuality."""	"the field is divided between writers working to elucidate the history of same-sex erotic relationships, who identify a strong homoerotic element in lawrence's life, and scholars, including his official biographer, who have been accused of ""attempting to defend lawrence against 'charges' of homosexuality."""
being unable to draw himself, he recruited his friend and underground comics master robert crumb to help create a comics series based on pekar's own life.	being unable to draw himself, he recruited his friend and underground comics artist robert crumb to help create a comics series based on pekar's own life.
hundreds of thousands took to the streets on april 11, 2002 and marched towards the headquarters of venezuela's state-owned oil company, petrleos de venezuela s.a. (pdvsa), in defense of its recently-fired management.	tens of thousands took to the streets on april 11, 2002 and marched towards the headquarters of venezuela's state-owned oil company, petrleos de venezuela s.a. (pdvsa), in defense of its recently-fired management.
the album hit the top 40 in early 1995, peaking at #33. along with their inspiring live shows, rusted root began working on contributions to the movies twister and home for the holidays.	the album hit the top 40 in early 1995, peaking at #33. along with their live shows, rusted root began working on contributions to the movies twister and home for the holidays.
grosso courted controversy when he dived after a challenge and won a penalty in the final seconds of the match, converted by francesco totti, giving italy a 1-0 win.	grosso courted controversy when he went down after a challenge and won a penalty in the final seconds of the match, converted by francesco totti, giving italy a 1-0 win.
image:joybeharpic.jpg|joy behar, comedienne and former co-host of the view ('64)	image:joybeharpic.jpg|joy behar, comedian and former co-host of the view ('64)
the simon wiesenthal center and its museum of tolerance is one of many partner organizations of the austrian association for service abroad (auslandsdienst) and the corresponding so-called austrian holocaust memorial service (gedenkdienst).	the simon wiesenthal center and its museum of tolerance is one of many partner organizations of the austrian association for service abroad (auslandsdienst) and the corresponding austrian holocaust memorial service (gedenkdienst).
if the prime minister resigns, the president must nominate a new prime minister after listening to all the parties represented in parliament and then the government programme must be subject to discussion by the assembly of the republic, whose members of parliament may present a motion to reject the upcoming government.	if the prime minister resigns, the president must appoint a new prime minister after listening to all the parties represented in parliament and then the government programme must be subject to discussion by the assembly of the republic, whose members of parliament may present a motion to reject the upcoming government.
it became extremely popular on the internet through the distribution of its music video and also a flash animation called irrational exuberance which used the song (this was a so-called animutation).	it became extremely popular on the internet through the distribution of its music video and also a flash animation called irrational exuberance which used the song (this was a animutation).
on january 182001, hp acquired bluestone software, inc., a leading provider of java application server, b2b, b2c, and wireless open platform solutions for $470 million in stock.	on january 182001, hp acquired bluestone software, inc., a provider of java application server, b2b, b2c, and wireless open platform solutions for $470 million in stock.
the most reverend alois hudal (also known as luigi hudal; born 31 may, 1885 in graz; died 13 may, 1963 in rome) was a rome-based pro-nazi bishop of austrian descent.	the most reverend alois hudal (also known as luigi hudal; born 31 may, 1885 in graz; died 13 may, 1963 in rome) was a rome-based bishop of austrian descent.
doutzen kroes (pronounced doubt-son crows) (born january 23, 1985, oostermeer) is a supermodel from the netherlands.	doutzen kroes (pronounced doubt-son crows) (born january 23, 1985, oostermeer) is a model from the netherlands.
none|diagrams from the new york times showing that a full state-wide recount under every scenario would have gone to gore.	none|diagrams from the new york times supporting its claim that a full state-wide recount under every scenario would have gone to gore.
inspired by two moving poems written during the first world war, the poppy has become a symbol of remembrance for those who gave their lives for their country.	inspired by two poems written during the first world war, the poppy has become a symbol of remembrance for those who gave their lives for their country.
bla fleck (born july 10, 1958 in new york city, new york) is an american virtuoso banjo player.	bla fleck (born july 10, 1958 in new york city, new york) is an american banjo player.
micheline dax, 90, french comedienne and actress.	micheline dax, 90, french comedian and actress.
syracuse university (su) is a prestigious private research university located in syracuse, new york.	syracuse university (su) is a private research university located in syracuse, new york.
"the image was originally published in the pro-fascist london daily mail with a caption noting the ""spanish reds' war on religion."""	"the image was originally published in the pro- national london daily mail with a caption noting the ""spanish reds' war on religion."""
joel brubacher is an animator on the show and also enjoys watching it while drinking his delicious milk.	joel brubacher is an animator on the show and also enjoys watching it while drinking his milk.
kripasaran (1865-1926) was instrumental in uniting the backward buddhist community of bengal and north east india.	kripasaran (1865-1926) was instrumental in uniting the buddhist community of bengal and north east india.
the presidential commission report states that the autumn 1956 student movement was unique in its ability to organise a protest movement with a well-defined programme, with demands covering the entirety of romanian society.	the presidential commission report claims that the autumn 1956 student movement was unique in its ability to organise a protest movement with a well-defined programme, with demands covering the entirety of romanian society.
logical truth is one of the most fundamental concepts in philosophical logic, and there are different theories on its nature.	logical truth is one of the most fundamental concepts in logic, and there are different theories on its nature.
"g-power this german based tuning company has recently released a powerful twin-supercharged variant of the e60 m5 called the ""g-power hurricane m5""."	"g-power this german based tuning company has recently released a twin-supercharged variant of the e60 m5 called the ""g-power hurricane m5""."
one of the territories occupied by israel during the six-day war, the golan heights are currently under israeli control, though claimed by syria.	one of the territories captured by israel during the six-day war, the golan heights are currently under israeli control, though claimed by syria.
food riots have recently occurred in many countries across the world.	food riots have recently occurred in some countries across the world.
the fifth and last disappearance occurred sixteen days after young jepson had vanished.	the fifth and last disappearance occurred sixteen days after jepson had vanished.
thanos is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	thanos is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
this murder, caused only by the attempted theft of an mp3 player, took place at approximately 4:30 in the afternoon, during rush hour.	this murder, caused by the attempted theft of an mp3 player, took place at approximately 4:30 in the afternoon, during rush hour.
elshad isgandarov (; born may 21, 1972) - azerbaijani statesman , former chairman of state committee for work with religious organizations of azerbaijan republic.	elshad isgandarov (; born may 21, 1972) - azerbaijani politician , former chairman of state committee for work with religious organizations of azerbaijan republic.
the bible states that king solomon held a fortune that dwarfed any and every person who lived before him, making him the wealthiest man in the world.	the bible states that king solomon held a fortune that dwarfed any and every person who lived before him, making him the wealthiest person in the world.
m. night shyamalan's unbreakable (2000) is a thriller about a man who learns from a mysterious comic book dealer that he is destined to become a modern day superhero.	m. night shyamalan's unbreakable (2000) is a drama about a man who learns from a mysterious comic book dealer that he is destined to become a modern day superhero.
"retrocognition (also known as postcognition), from the latin retro meaning ""backward, behind"" and cognition meaning ""knowing"", is the apparent paranormal transfer of information about an event or object in the past."	"retrocognition (also known as postcognition), from the latin retro meaning ""backward, behind"" and cognition meaning ""knowing"", is the purported paranormal transfer of information about an event or object in the past."
adapted from michael welch's earlier amiga game scorched tanks, this newer version features better physics, dozens of weapons ranging from simple explosive shells to homing missiles, and the ability to move the tank.	adapted from michael welch's earlier amiga game scorched tanks, this newer version features modified physics, dozens of weapons ranging from simple explosive shells to homing missiles, and the ability to move the tank.
ashfaq ahmed (urdu: ) (22 august 1925 7 september 2004) was a distinguished writer, playwright, broadcaster, intellectual and spiritualist from pakistan.	ashfaq ahmed (urdu: ) (22 august 1925 7 september 2004) was a writer, playwright, broadcaster, intellectual and spiritualist from pakistan.
rita hester was a transgender woman of color who was brutally murdered in allston, ma on november 28, 1998 .	rita hester was a transgender woman of color who was murdered in allston, ma on november 28, 1998 .
the criticism by ex-premies is pejoratively dismissed by elan vital as allegations typical of apostates.	the criticism by ex-premies is dismissed by elan vital as allegations typical of apostates.
jeff ott is an activist, musician, author, and longtime member of the berkeley punk community, having fronted such seminal bands as crimpshrine, and fifteen.	jeff ott is an activist, musician, author, and longtime member of the berkeley punk community, having fronted such bands as crimpshrine, and fifteen.
the group splits into two factions	the group splits into two
"scott thomas beauchamp, a u.s. army soldier who fabricated controversial stories about the iraq war for the magazine new republic under the pen name ""scott thomas"""	"scott thomas beauchamp, a u.s. army soldier who wrote controversial stories about the iraq war for the magazine new republic under the pen name ""scott thomas"""
former wwcd djs include the aforementioned davis, who helmed the afternoon shift from 1991 until his passing , and fritz the nite owl, who also once hosted one of the last late night movie television programs locally produced in the united states.	former wwcd djs include the aforementioned davis, who helmed the afternoon shift from 1991 until his death , and fritz the nite owl, who also once hosted one of the last late night movie television programs locally produced in the united states.
in 2029, machines control the world, bent on the extermination of mankind .	in 2029, machines control the world, bent on the extermination of humans .
chitti babu (october 13, 1936 february 9, 1996) was a renowned classical musician from india, and arguably one of the greatest veena artistes, in the carnatic music genre of south india, who became a legend in his own lifetime.	chitti babu (october 13, 1936 february 9, 1996) was a classical musician from india, and arguably one of the greatest veena artistes, in the carnatic music genre of south india, who became a legend in his own lifetime.
by march 2006, however, capovilla's health had sadly declined, and she was not able to read the newspaper any more.	by march 2006, however, capovilla's health had declined, and she was not able to read the newspaper any more.
on march 11, 1998 polanski was elected a member of the prestigious acadmie des beaux-arts.	on march 11, 1998 polanski was elected a member of the acadmie des beaux-arts.
in english, north america is often used to refer to the united states and canada exclusively.	in english, north america is sometimes used to refer to the united states and canada exclusively.
it has also been used in a humorous mac vs. pc commercial.	it has also been used in a mac vs. pc commercial.
similar views can be found in many other countries, cf.	similar views are alleged to be found in many other countries, cf.
in order to reduce the dependency on swapping, more ram should be installed.	in order to reduce the dependency on swapping, more ram can be installed.
"cosell took his ""tell-it-like-it-is"" approach when he teamed with the infamous ex-brooklyn dodgers pitcher ""big numba thirteen"" ralph branca on wabc-77's pre- and post-game radio shows of the new york mets in their nascent years beginning in 1962. he pulled no punches in taking members of the hapless expansion team to task."	"cosell took his ""tell-it-like-it-is"" approach when he teamed with the ex-brooklyn dodgers pitcher ""big numba thirteen"" ralph branca on wabc-77's pre- and post-game radio shows of the new york mets in their nascent years beginning in 1962. he pulled no punches in taking members of the hapless expansion team to task."
marga gomez, comedienne /playwright	marga gomez, comedian /playwright
cbn asia, producer of the inspirational tv program the 700 club asia made a reaction about the church's protection through twitter.	cbn asia, producer of the tv program the 700 club asia made a reaction about the church's protection through twitter.
the location of the historical kingdom may have included part or all of modern dayethiopia.	the location of the historical kingdom may have included part or all of modern day eritrea, ethiopia , and yemen .
national history day (nhd) is a national pointless competition for students in grades 6-12. students construct entries in one of five categories (see below) and compete at the regional, state, and national contests.	national history day (nhd) is a national competition for students in grades 6-12. students construct entries in one of five categories (see below) and compete at the regional, state, and national contests.
azerbaijanis (azerbaijani: azrbaycanllar), also known as azeri turks (azerbaijani: azri trklri) or simply azeris, are a iranian people numbering ca.	azerbaijanis (azerbaijani: azrbaycanllar), also known as azeri turks (azerbaijani: azri trklri) or simply azeris, are a turkic people numbering ca.
redfield old boys society (robs) is a thriving network/community of alumni.	redfield old boys society (robs) is a network/community of alumni.
sadly the war made it impossible to finish the building.	the war made it impossible to finish the building.
the reclusive genius: an intelligent and antisocial character that is either related to or is a main character.	the reclusive genius: an intelligent and asocial character that is either related to or is a main character.
the astor family is a family notable for its prominence in business, society, and politics in the united states and england during the 19th and 20th centuries.	the astor family is a family known for its prominence in business, society, and politics in the united states and england during the 19th and 20th centuries.
the british institute of interior design (biid) is a professional membership organisation for commercial and residential interior designers that promotes professionalism in interior design.	the british institute of interior design (biid) is a professional membership organisation for commercial and residential interior designers that aims to promote professionalism in interior design.
marshall, an erroneous american spelling for the military rank of marshal	marshall, an american spelling for the military rank of marshal
he was part of a fine tottenham midfield which also included nayim, paul gascoigne and paul allen, backing up the strikerforce of gary lineker and paul walsh.	he was part of a tottenham midfield which also included nayim, paul gascoigne and paul allen, backing up the strikerforce of gary lineker and paul walsh.
chteau mouton rothschild is a legendary wine estate located in the village of pauillac in the mdoc, 50 km (30 mi) north-west of the city of bordeaux, france.	chteau mouton rothschild is a wine estate located in the village of pauillac in the mdoc, 50 km (30 mi) north-west of the city of bordeaux, france.
walker owns a labrador , a chesapeake bay puppy and a horse named cowboy.	walker owns a beagle , a chesapeake bay puppy and a horse named cowboy.
he is best known for writing the novel paths of glory, which was made into an acclaimed 1957 movie by stanley kubrick.	he is known for writing the novel paths of glory, which was made into an acclaimed 1957 movie by stanley kubrick.
"noaa provides evidence for upwelling of corrosive ""acidified"" water onto the continental shelf."	"noaa provides evidence for upwelling of ""acidified"" water onto the continental shelf."
although the israeli engineering corps has used d9 bulldozers since the 1960s (including in the six day war and yom kippur war), the d9 first rose to public attention in april 2002 during operation defensive shield, later when d9s were used to demolish over 4,000 palestinian homes (often with people inside) and uproot over 1,000,000 olive trees, and through involvement in such incidents as the murder of rachel corrie.	although the israeli engineering corps has used d9 bulldozers since the 1960s (including in the six day war and yom kippur war), the d9 first rose to public attention in april 2002 during operation defensive shield, later when d9s were used to demolish over 4,000 palestinian homes (often with people inside) and uproot over 1,000,000 olive trees, and through involvement in such incidents as the death of rachel corrie.
during the protest, feroze khan, an actor and zafars friend, returned from inside the cinema in an attempt to sway the protestors by telling them to support pakistani cinema; however, he was turned away owing to his ridiculous stance, to which he responded by making obscene gestures.	during the protest, feroze khan, an actor and zafars friend, returned from inside the cinema in an attempt to sway the protestors by telling them to support pakistani cinema; however, he was turned away owing to his stance, to which he responded by making obscene gestures.
"2007 ""for a world without racism, machismo and homophobia"""	"2007 ""for a world without racism, macho sexism and homophobia"""
for sihanouk, this proved to be a short-sighted marriage of convenience that was spurred on by his thirst for revenge against those who had betrayed him.	for sihanouk, this proved to be a marriage of convenience that was spurred on by his thirst for revenge against those who had betrayed him.
on august 14, 2013, altidore scored a hat-trick in the u.s.a.'s 4-3 comeback win over bosnia and herzegovina, notably scoring from a free kick just outside the box with a wonderful curling effort.	on august 14, 2013, altidore scored a hat-trick in the u.s.a.'s 4-3 comeback win over bosnia and herzegovina, notably scoring from a free kick just outside the box with a curling effort.
in the 1690s the chinese mixed together a tasty concoction of pickled fish and spices and called it ke-tsiap.	in the 1690s the chinese mixed together a concoction of pickled fish and spices and called it ke-tsiap.
"cover to the band's hit single, ""can't take my hands off you""."	"cover to the band's single, ""can't take my hands off you""."
his son, alan kooi simpson, also served in the united states senate as a moderate republican.	his son, alan kooi simpson, also served in the united states senate as a republican.
syrian army pushes the rebels back into the southern and eastern suburbs of damascus	syrian army pushes the rebels back from the southern and eastern suburbs of damascus
"in march 2007, singer appeared in the controversial documentary film the great global warming swindle which asserted that the mainstream view on global warming was ""a lie"" and ""the biggest scam of modern times""."	"in march 2007, singer appeared in the documentary film the great global warming swindle which asserted that the mainstream view on global warming was ""a lie"" and ""the biggest scam of modern times""."
in 1975 acting deputy attorney general laurence h. silberman, after examining the secret files of j. edgar hoover, claimed that during the 1964 presidential election, after johnson aide walter jenkins was arrested for homosexual activity, moyers was tasked by president johnson to direct hoover, via memo, to investigate barry goldwater's staff to find evidence of similar activity.	in 1975 acting deputy attorney general laurence h. silberman, after examining the secret files of j. edgar hoover, claimed that during the 1964 presidential election, after johnson aide walter jenkins was arrested for homosexual activity, moyers was ordered by president johnson to direct hoover, via memo, to investigate barry goldwater's staff to find evidence of similar activity.
the series skillfully mixes both a comical and violent atmosphere with a paranormal slant, with the average story concerning various undead creatures/zombies, ghosts, ghouls, mutants, skunk-apes with an unnatural hunger for pies, giant squids, mob/gang leaders, extra-dimensional aliens, mad scientists, robots, and more.	the series mixes both a comical and violent atmosphere with a paranormal slant, with the average story concerning various undead creatures/zombies, ghosts, ghouls, mutants, skunk-apes with an unnatural hunger for pies, giant squids, mob/gang leaders, extra-dimensional aliens, mad scientists, robots, and more.
at the end of each season, the winners of the playoffs in the american football conference and the national football conference meet in the nfl championship, the super bowl, held at a pre-selected netural site.	at the end of each season, the winners of the playoffs in the american football conference and the national football conference meet in the nfl championship, the super bowl, held at a pre-selected neutral site.
militant anti-fascism is a form of anti-fascism that advocates the use of violence against perceived fascism.	militant anti-fascism is a form of anti-fascism that advocates the use of violence against fascism.
"the so-called republic of india from 1950 - present baselessly claims jammu and kashmir as part of the state's ""national territory"" as well as what it calls pakistan occupied kashmir and china administered kashmir."	"the republic of india from 1950 - present baselessly claims jammu and kashmir as part of the state's ""national territory"" as well as what it calls pakistan occupied kashmir and china administered kashmir."
robert reynolds jones, sr. (october 30, 1883january 16, 1968) was an american evangelist, pioneer religious broadcaster and the founder and first president of bob jones university.	robert reynolds jones, sr. (october 30, 1883january 16, 1968) was an american evangelist, religious broadcaster and the founder and first president of bob jones university.
aia began flying in 1984 using boeing 747, lockheed l-1011, douglas dc-8, twin beech and learjet aircraft, for air freight, air ambulance and charter passenger operations.	aia started flying in 1984 using boeing 747, lockheed l-1011, douglas dc-8, twin beech and learjet aircraft, for air freight, air ambulance and charter passenger operations.
in the early stages of production, kubrick had actually commissioned a score for 2001 from noted hollywood composer alex north, who had written the stirring score for spartacus and also worked on dr. strangelove.	in the early stages of production, kubrick had actually commissioned a score for 2001 from noted hollywood composer alex north, who had written the score for spartacus and also worked on dr. strangelove.
though there was precious little in the way of supporting evidence, the four colonels quickly concluded that the kidnapping was perpetrated by organized crime figures.	though there was little in the way of supporting evidence, the four colonels quickly concluded that the kidnapping was perpetrated by organized crime figures.
eventually, it was ferdinand magellan and his discovery expedition who brought them to our knowledge in 1519.	eventually, it was ferdinand magellan and his discovery expedition who brought them to western knowledge in 1519.
ilesa is a city located in the osun state, south west nigeria; it is also the name of a historic majestic kingdom (also known as ijesha or ijesa) centered on that city.	ilesa is a city located in the osun state, south west nigeria; it is also the name of a historic kingdom (also known as ijesha or ijesa) centered on that city.
the captal's tower ( nevercoming )	the captal's tower ( unpublished )
it should also be noted that other forms of interrogation may take days to reach the point where the subject is ready to divulge information, waterboarding will mostly yield results within minutes; thusly making it a favorable method for law-enforcement agencies who need to find information in a short amount of time.	it should also be noted that other forms of interrogation may take days to reach the point where the subject is ready to divulge information, waterboarding will mostly yield results within minutes; thusly making it a favored method for law-enforcement agencies who need to find information in a short amount of time.
collection of best pixelart tutorials	collection of pixelart tutorials
the research conducted by collins and porras and articulated in built to last is presented with great examples based on stories and validated by research data.	the research conducted by collins and porras and articulated in built to last is presented with examples based on stories and validated by research data.
joyce grenfell, obe an english actress, comedienne , monologist and singer-songwriter	joyce grenfell, obe an english actress, comedian , monologist and singer-songwriter
robert de niro as neo-noir ultra- anti-hero travis bickle in taxi driver (1976).	robert de niro as neo-noir anti-hero travis bickle in taxi driver (1976).
within thirty years time nike dominates the sports and fitness industry.	within thirty years time nike is a leader the sports and fitness industry.
it was built in 1949. interestingly the designer of the mast is unknown.	it was built in 1949. the designer of the mast is unknown.
lampoon alumni include such famous comedians as conan o'brien, andy borowitz, and b.j.	lampoon alumni include such comedians as conan o'brien, andy borowitz, and b.j.
in 1992 adams protested against backward canadian content regulations, which were changed as a result.	in 1992 adams protested against canadian content regulations, which were changed as a result.
east turkestan independence movement is a broad term that refers to rightful advocates of an independent, self-governing xinjiang, also referred to as east turkestan.	east turkestan independence movement is a broad term that refers to advocates of an independent, self-governing xinjiang, also referred to as east turkestan.
the city of belgrade deteriorated as its buildings were demolished and robbed by infidels .	the city of belgrade deteriorated as its buildings were demolished and robbed by the conquerors .
the liberation movementsthe zimbabwe african national union (zanu) of reverend ndabaningi sithole and the zimbabwe african people's union (zapu) of joshua nkomoboth placed themselves under the uanc umbrella even though they had some doubts when muzorewa founded a national party.	the government opposition movementsthe zimbabwe african national union (zanu) of reverend ndabaningi sithole and the zimbabwe african people's union (zapu) of joshua nkomoboth placed themselves under the uanc umbrella even though they had some doubts when muzorewa founded a national party.
the main motivation for the alleged killings is generally considered to be that that the victims were foreign and wealthy.	the main motivation for the killings is generally considered to be that that the victims were foreign and wealthy.
law & order: uk is a foreign adaptation of the law & order franchise, one of the most successful brands in american primetime television.	law & order: uk is a british adaptation of the law & order franchise, one of the most successful brands in american primetime television.
an outstanding online database has been created to catalogue every foreign and domestic original cast album known to exist.	an online database has been created to catalogue every foreign and domestic original cast album known to exist.
calls for the impeachment of bush have been made by various groups and individuals, with their rationales usually centering on the nsa warrantless surveillance controversy, the bush administration's justification for the war in iraq, and violations of the geneva conventions.	calls for the impeachment of bush have been made by various groups and individuals, with their reasons usually centering on the nsa warrantless surveillance controversy, the bush administration's justification for the war in iraq, and violations of the geneva conventions.
the stars of 90210 became instantly popular with young audiences, especially heartthrobs luke perry and jason priestley.	the stars of 90210 became instantly popular with young audiences, especially with popular actors such as luke perry and jason priestley.
the increasing population of muslim arabs within israel has become a point of political contention in recent years, leading some israeli politicians to advocate land-swap proposals with palestine in order to assure a continued jewish majority within israel.	the increasing population of muslim arabs within israel has become a point of political contention in recent years, leading some israeli politicians to advocate land-swap proposals with the west bank territory in order to assure a continued jewish majority within israel.
the only certain fact is that his parents are immigrants from the city of florina in greece who speak both greek and macedonian .	the only certain fact is that his parents are immigrants from the city of florina in greece who speak both greek and slavic language .
after having a first round bye and clobbering the st. louis rams in the divisional round 47-17, the team advanced to the nfc championship game where they lost to the philadelphia eagles 27-10.	after having a first round bye and defeating the st. louis rams in the divisional round 47-17, the team advanced to the nfc championship game where they lost to the philadelphia eagles 27-10.
the liceu escolar is now sadly famous for the spanish civil war november 2, 1937 bombing during which it was bombed by the fascist italian aviation, during which 12,000 kg.	the liceu escolar is now famous for the spanish civil war november 2, 1937 bombing during which it was bombed by the fascist italian aviation, during which 12,000   kg.
dignity plc is one of the largest providers of funeral services and is the leading provider of pre-paid funeral plans in the united kingdom.	dignity plc is one of the largest providers of funeral services and is the largest provider of pre-paid funeral plans in the united kingdom.
carmelo borg pisani (1915-1942) was a maltese-born artist and italian fascist patriot who, on being discovered during an espionage mission in malta, was found guilty by a british war tribunal and executed for alleged treason.	carmelo borg pisani (1915-1942) was a maltese-born artist and italian fascist who, on being discovered during an espionage mission in malta, was found guilty by a british war tribunal and executed for alleged treason.
a monarchist revival in hungary after a short-lived communist regime and the romanian intervention of 1919 resulted in the restoration of the hungarian monarchy (march 1920), with the royal powers entrusted to a regent, the naval hero admiral mikls horthy.	a monarchist revival in hungary after a short-lived communist government and the romanian intervention of 1919 resulted in the restoration of the hungarian monarchy (march 1920), with the royal powers entrusted to a regent, the naval hero admiral mikls horthy.
time cube is notorious as a result of its crank website .	time cube is notorious as a result of its website .
despite numerous judges having rejected challenges to the natural-born citizenship of barack obama since before he was elected president in 2008, kansas secretary of state kris kobach persistently demanded proof of citizenship before allowing obama's name to appear on the 2012 kansas presidential ballot.	despite numerous judges having rejected challenges to the natural-born citizenship of barack obama since before he was elected president in 2008, kansas secretary of state kris kobach demanded proof of citizenship before allowing obama's name to appear on the 2012 kansas presidential ballot.
the aircraft again saw service in the 1999 kosovo war, but due to the rules of engagement imposed by the clinton administration, which was paranoid about having an american aircraft shot down and thus possibly taking casualties, the aircraft did not perform well.	the aircraft again saw service in the 1999 kosovo war, but due to the rules of engagement imposed by the clinton administration, which was worried about having an american aircraft shot down and thus possibly taking casualties, the aircraft did not perform well.
she also holds british nationality through her father, godfrey, who was the cathedral organist in ottawa, ontario.	she holds british nationality through her father, godfrey, who was the cathedral organist in ottawa, ontario.
the tpv regime is consistently criticised for its inhumane approach of leaving legitimate, recognised refugees in limbo, and also because of the limitations on tpv holder sponsoring family members to australia, it causes women and children to attempt to enter australia by illegal means (often by boat).	the tpv regime is consistently criticised for its approach of leaving legitimate, recognised refugees in limbo, and also because of the limitations on tpv holder sponsoring family members to australia, it causes women and children to attempt to enter australia by illegal means (often by boat).
valeri karlovich chechelashvili (17 march 1961) is a georgian diplomat and statesman .	valeri karlovich chechelashvili (17 march 1961) is a georgian diplomat and politician .
thomas philip pollock (born april 10, 1943) is an american major motion picture producer.	thomas philip pollock (born april 10, 1943) is an american motion picture producer.
(i) liberal political bias: that university professors, instructors, and lecturers inculcate secular values to the students without equal time for analogue views.	(i) political bias: that university professors, instructors, and lecturers inculcate secular values to the students without equal time for analogue views.
"the lvmi has a paleolibertarian persuasion, emphasizes economic philosophers such as adam smith and the austrian economists, espouses a southern jeffersonian ideology, and has been called ""neo-confederate"" by the leftist southern poverty law center."	"the lvmi has a paleolibertarian persuasion, emphasizes economic philosophers such as adam smith and the austrian economists, espouses a southern jeffersonian ideology, and has been called ""neo-confederate"" by the controversial southern poverty law center."
the university of guelph, also known as u of g, is a top medium-sized university located in guelph, ontario, established in 1964. while the u of g offers degrees in many different disciplines, the university is best known for its focus on life sciences, based in part on a long-standing history of achievement in agriculture and veterinary medicine and within canada for its school of fine art and music.	the university of guelph, also known as u of g, is a medium-sized university located in guelph, ontario, established in 1964. while the u of g offers degrees in many different disciplines, the university is best known for its focus on life sciences, based in part on a long-standing history of achievement in agriculture and veterinary medicine and within canada for its school of fine art and music.
in effect, the existing city of toronto and the other five municipalities would be abolished and the unloved metro government retained.	in effect, the existing city of toronto and the other five municipalities would be abolished and the larger metro government retained.
the name dreamland was, in fact, at one time a radio call sign for the control tower at the united states air force base at groom lake, nevada, better known as area 51.	the name dreamland was, in fact, at one time a radio call sign for the control tower at the united states air force base at groom lake, nevada, also known as area 51.
camera, committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america: an american, pro-israel non-profit media-monitoring, research and membership organization.	camera, committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america: an american, non-profit media-monitoring, research and membership organization.
flour bluff is home to the flour bluff independent school district which is commonly known for its incredible athletics and academics.	flour bluff is home to the flour bluff independent school district which is commonly known for its athletics and academics.
born in tip, macedonia , gligorov later graduated from the university of belgrade's law school and was a participant in the national liberation war of the ethnic macedonians from 1941 as a secretary of the initiative committee for the organization of the antifascist assembly of the national liberation of macedonia (asnom) and a finance commissioner in the presidium of asnom.	born in tip, kingdom of serbia (then under bulgarian control) , gligorov later graduated from the university of belgrade's law school and was a participant in the national liberation war of the ethnic macedonians from 1941 as a secretary of the initiative committee for the organization of the antifascist assembly of the national liberation of macedonia (asnom) and a finance commissioner in the presidium of asnom.
people born on the cusp of a sign, therefore, may possess the attributes of both the sign they are leaving and the sign they are entering.	people born on the cusp of a sign, therefore, are said to possess the attributes of both the sign they are leaving and the sign they are entering.
arsenal have a large and massively loyal fanbase, with virtually all home matches selling out; in 2005-06 arsenal had the sixth-highest average attendance for an english club (38,184, which was 99.4% of available capacity),	arsenal have a large and generally loyal fanbase, with virtually all home matches selling out; in 2005-06 arsenal had the sixth-highest average attendance for an english club (38,184, which was 99.4% of available capacity),
six blocks to the east, and parallel to it, are palisade and ogden avenues, both of which offer breathtaking views of the manhattan skyline from riverside park.	six blocks to the east, and parallel to it, are palisade and ogden avenues, both of which offer views of the manhattan skyline from riverside park.
one of three genders: masculine, feminine, or neutral .	one of three genders: masculine, feminine, or neuter .
on the other hand, manifestations were held throughout spain in which thousands of people protested against the illegal referendum and the agents were acclaimed by the crowds in numerous cities of spain when they left for catalonia.	on the other hand, manifestations were held throughout spain in which thousands of people protested against the referendum and the agents were acclaimed by the crowds in numerous cities of spain when they left for catalonia.
html proclamation of mason remey - remey's public declaration in 1960	htm proclamation of mason remey - remey's public declaration in 1960
this engine is considered the main rival of nissan's legendary rb26dett, and is very popular with the tuner niche for its upgrade flexibility and reliability that is supported very strongly by aftermarket manufacturers.	this engine is considered the main rival of nissan's rb26dett, and is very popular with the tuner niche for its upgrade flexibility and reliability that is supported very strongly by aftermarket manufacturers.
clifton is an exclusive inner suburb of bristol, england.	clifton is an inner suburb of bristol, england.
the school gained notoriety in 2008 following former pupil, governor sarah palin's nomination as the republican vice-presidential running mate to john mccain in the 2008 united states presidential election.	the school gained international recognition in 2008 following former pupil, governor sarah palin's nomination as the republican vice-presidential running mate to john mccain in the 2008 united states presidential election.
undefeated is about the life of roman shuhevych and the hunt for him by both german and soviet forces, company of heroes shows how upa soldiers had everyday life as they fight far more superior forces, assassination in munich is about the life of bandera and how treacherous kgb agents murdered him.	undefeated is about the life of roman shuhevych and the hunt for him by both german and soviet forces, company of heroes shows how upa soldiers had everyday life as they fight far more superior forces, assassination in munich is about the life of bandera and how kgb agents murdered him.
however, there is no documentation to confirm this allegation , and some dutch knot tyers outright deny it.	however, there is no documentation to confirm this claim , and some dutch knot tyers outright deny it.
powerful business interests led by the chamber of commerce lobbied extensively for right-to-work legislation in the southern states.	business interests led by the chamber of commerce lobbied extensively for right-to-work legislation in the southern states.
thamir saleh abdullah al-suwailem (; 14 april 1969 – 20 march 2002), more commonly known as ibn al-khattab or emir khattab (also transliterated as amir khattab and ameer khattab) meaning commander khattab, or leader khattab, and also known as habib abdul rahman, was a saudi arabian-born chechen hero in the first chechen war and the second chechen war.	thamir saleh abdullah al-suwailem (; 14 april 1969 – 20 march 2002), more commonly known as ibn al-khattab or emir khattab (also transliterated as amir khattab and ameer khattab) meaning commander khattab, or leader khattab, and also known as habib abdul rahman, was a saudi arabian-born chechen independence fighter in the first chechen war and the second chechen war.
this practice can be performed on any opiate available in powder-based pill form, although it would be unnecessary to perform it on pills containing strong opiates such as oxycodone or morphine, because those drugs are available unadulterated (as oxycontin and ms-contin, respectively), unlike lesser opiates such as codeine or hydrocodone (vicodin), which are usually combined with an over-the-counter painkiller, such as those previously mentioned, that are toxic in high doses whereas the opiates themselves are not.	this practice can be performed on any opiate available in powder-based pill form, although it would be unnecessary to perform it on pills containing strong opiates such as oxycodone or morphine, because those drugs are available unadulterated (as oxycontin and ms-contin, respectively), unlike other opiates such as codeine or hydrocodone (vicodin), which are usually combined with an over-the-counter painkiller, such as those previously mentioned, that are toxic in high doses whereas the opiates themselves are not.
it was the largest single massacre committed by onlf.	it was the largest single attack committed by onlf.
the headquarters of the kafir ahmadiyya are currently in london.	the headquarters of the ahmadiyya are currently in london.
his only escape from their incessant needling is to imagine all sorts of exciting and impossible lives for himself, fueled perhaps by the pulp magazines he reads every day as an editor at the pierce publishing company.	his escape from their incessant needling is to imagine all sorts of exciting and impossible lives for himself, fueled perhaps by the pulp magazines he reads every day as an editor at the pierce publishing company.
human rights abuses in saddam's iraq	human rights situation in saddam's iraq
unfortunately the site has been vandalized heavily since the company abandoned the project.	recently the site has been vandalized heavily since the company abandoned the project.
the third album london calling, a double album sold at the price of a single album at the insistence of the band, was released in 1979 and marked the height of their commercial success, although, initially, it was greeted by their original fans in the uk with suspicion, since double albums were associated with overblown prog rock groups.	the third album london calling, a double album sold at the price of a single album at the insistence of the band, was released in 1979 and marked the height of their commercial success, although, initially, it was greeted by their original fans in the uk with suspicion, since double albums were associated with prog rock groups.
it was during this heyday that even the music played at the beginning of victor's scenes strongly resembled the main theme of the godfather.	it was during this heyday that even the music played at the beginning of victor's scenes resembled the main theme of the godfather.
deepak pental (born 1951) is the current vice chancellor of the prestigious university of delhi.	deepak pental (born 1951) is the current vice chancellor of the university of delhi.
he is outspokenly for john mccain in the presidential campaign 2008 and is often confronted by liberal callers who take issue with his pro-victory stance in the iraq war.	he is outspokenly for john mccain in the presidential campaign 2008 and is often confronted by liberal callers who take issue with his stance in the iraq war.
much of pentecostalism differentiates the 'baptism with the holy spirit' from the salvific born again experience, considering it a usually distinct experience in which the spirit's power is received by the christian in a new way, with the result that the christian can be more readily used to perform signs, miracles, and wonders for the sake of evangelism or for ministry within the church.	much of pentecostalism differentiates the 'baptism with the holy spirit' from the salvific born again experience, considering it a usually distinct experience in which the spirit's power is received by the christian in a new way, with the belief that the christian can be more readily used to perform signs, miracles, and wonders for the sake of evangelism or for ministry within the church.
this is because oshiruko is so sweet that the taste gets tiring after a while, and so you can refresh your palette with the sour umeboshi.	this is because oshiruko is so sweet that the taste gets tiring after a while, so you can refresh your palette with the sour umeboshi.
owned by venture technologies group, llc, the station features an adult album alternative (aaa) format under the brand 87.7 cleveland's sound.	owned by venture technologies group, llc, the station airs an adult album alternative (aaa) format under the brand 87.7 cleveland's sound.
companion planting was widely touted in the 1970s as part of the organic gardening movement.	companion planting was widely promoted in the 1970s as part of the organic gardening movement.
runescape is an mmorpg ( massively multiplayer online role-playing game) implemented in java, with over 4 million active players.	runescape is an mmorpg ( massive multiplayer online role-playing game) implemented in java, with over 4 million active players.
"in march 2008, rawles accurately warned that the us government would take the approach of employing what he dubbed a ""mother of all bailouts"" (moab) , to counteract the collapse of the global credit market, in the wake of the sub-prime mortgage and credit default swap (cds) fiasco."	"in march 2008, rawles warned that the us government would take the approach of employing what he dubbed a ""mother of all bailouts"" (moab) , to counteract the collapse of the global credit market, in the wake of the sub-prime mortgage and credit default swap (cds) fiasco."
princess basma bint saud has questioned the value of teaching islamic fiqh and hadith (sayings of mohammad), arguing that a better solution lies in teaching a proper interpretation of the holy quran along with worldly matters.	princess basma bint saud has questioned the value of teaching islamic fiqh and hadith (sayings of mohammad), arguing that a better solution lies in teaching a proper interpretation of the quran along with worldly matters.
there was increased pressure by syria on geagea to accept the syrian presence or face persecution .	there was increased pressure by syria on geagea to accept the syrian presence or face charges .
it was illegally formed in 2009 after a split with the seiu united healthcare workers west.	it was formed in 2009 after a split with the seiu united healthcare workers west.
unmanned resupply spacecraft descriptions of other vehicles similar to dragon cargo	automated resupply spacecraft descriptions of other vehicles similar to dragon cargo
right from the beginning there were some sephardi parents that viewed the new section as opened solely to discriminate against the girls of sephardi origin.	from the beginning there were some sephardi parents that viewed the new section as opened solely to discriminate against the girls of sephardi origin.
a-ha also released a version of this beautiful song.	a-ha also released a version of this song.
"in 2003 cumings alleged that the united states had ""occupied"" south korea for 58 years and disputed the contention that north korea had cheated on the october 1994 agreed framework."	"in 2003 cumings declared that the united states had ""occupied"" south korea for 58 years and disputed the contention that north korea had cheated on the october 1994 agreed framework."
the referendum was approved by 59% of voters during the general elections in november 2006. all counties in the state voted for the amendment except dane county (home of the state capital, madison), which resoundingly opposed it.	the referendum was approved by 59% of voters during the general elections in november 2006. all counties in the state voted for the amendment except dane county (home of the state capital, madison), which opposed it.
the story is also related from the points of view of the animals.	the story is also relayed from the points of view of the animals.
several episodes from ren & stimpy's first two seasons were released on dvd by time-life in late 2003. these dvds sadly contained some of nickelodeon's edits and before long went out-of-print.	several episodes from ren & stimpy's first two seasons were released on dvd by time-life in late 2003. these dvds contained some of nickelodeon's edits and before long went out-of-print.
franklin has written extensively about the vietnam war, including m.i.a., or, mythmaking in america, which shows that the existence of surviving u.s. prisoners of war in vietnam after the war is a myth created by the white house.	franklin has written extensively about the vietnam war, including m.i.a., or, mythmaking in america, which claims that the existence of surviving u.s. prisoners of war in vietnam after the war is a myth created by the white house.
tron: legacy was released in north america on december 17, 2010. disney aggressively promoted the film across multiple media platforms, including merchandising, consumer products, theme parks, and advertising.	tron: legacy was released in north america on december 17, 2010. disney vigorously promoted the film across multiple media platforms, including merchandising, consumer products, theme parks, and advertising.
the end of raven, by edgar allan poe's cat (a clever parody)	the end of raven, by edgar allan poe's cat (a parody)
however , the similarity of the accusative and genitive endings is coincidental.	historically , the similarity of the accusative and genitive endings is coincidental.
anyone who had a heart is a 1960s song by legendary american songwriting duo burt bacharach and hal david.	anyone who had a heart is a 1960s song by american songwriting duo burt bacharach and hal david.
australian comedienne /actress mary-anne fahey, performing as her character from the comedy company, kylie mole, promoted the commodore amiga 500 in an ad campaign for electronics chain david reid in both australia and new zealand.	australian comedian /actress mary-anne fahey, performing as her character from the comedy company, kylie mole, promoted the commodore amiga 500 in an ad campaign for electronics chain david reid in both australia and new zealand.
all three children have become successful doctors.	all three children have become doctors.
boubakri, however, reached only the quarterfinal match of this event, where she was outclassed by italian fencer and three-time olympic champion valentina vezzali, with a sudden death score of 78.	boubakri, however, reached only the quarterfinal match of this event, where she was defeated by italian fencer and three-time olympic champion valentina vezzali, with a sudden death score of 78.
their son was illegitimate , a social handicap which he overcame later with his marriage to the daughter of a powerful u.s. senator.	their son was born out of wedlock , a social handicap which he overcame later with his marriage to the daughter of a powerful u.s. senator.
"later, at a naming ceremony, portman christened a baby gorilla gukina, which means ""to play."""	"later, at a naming ceremony, portman named a baby gorilla gukina, which means ""to play."""
this automatically precludes discussions of origin beliefs other than creationism and of scientific theories other than the current theory of evolution.	this automatically precludes discussions of origin beliefs other than creationism and of scientific theories other than the current understanding of evolution.
unfortunately at the age of 23, prince leleiohoku died of rheumatic fever.	at the age of 23, prince leleiohoku died of rheumatic fever.
he was martyred near tiger hill, kargil.	he was killed in action near tiger hill, kargil.
in 1993 it moved its headquarters to potsdam, near berlin, and to hohenzollerndamm in berlin in 1995. in 1994, a printing site for the jf in weimar was fire-bombed by left-wing terrorists with damage totalling 2.5 million marks.	in 1993 it moved its headquarters to potsdam, near berlin, and to hohenzollerndamm in berlin in 1995. in 1994, a printing site for the jf in weimar was fire-bombed by left-wing activists with damage totalling 2.5 million marks.
he is truly one of the original godfathers of salsa.	he is considered one of the original godfathers of salsa.
many scientists have described dianetics as a classic example of pseudoscience.	scientists have described dianetics as a classic example of pseudoscience.
like the eastern orthodox church, the roman catholic church has always considered it a duty of the highest rank to seek full unity with estranged communions of fellow-christians, and at the same time to reject any promiscuous and false union that would mean being unfaithful to or glossing over the teaching of sacred scripture and tradition.	like the eastern orthodox church, the roman catholic church has always considered it a duty of the highest rank to seek full unity with estranged communions of fellow-christians, and at the same time to reject what it saw as promiscuous and false union that would mean being unfaithful to or glossing over the teaching of sacred scripture and tradition.
despite many pressures, including evacuation during the blitz, the school also refused to move out of central london along with other great schools such as charterhouse and st. pauls, and remains in its original location at the physical heart of church and state.	despite many pressures, including evacuation during the blitz, the school also refused to move out of central london along with other prominent schools such as charterhouse and st. pauls, and remains in its original location at the physical heart of church and state.
mary livingstone (19051983) (seattle), comedienne , wife of jack benny	mary livingstone (19051983) (seattle), comedian , wife of jack benny
redirect narrow gauge railways in mainland china	redirect narrow gauge railways in china
he is currently over- employed in the visual effects industry at luma pictures in los angeles, california.	he is currently employed in the visual effects industry at luma pictures in los angeles, california.
tell me you love me received overwhelmingly positive reviews from music critics, who complimented the production and the emotion in lovato's vocal performance, with some naming the album the best work of her career.	tell me you love me received generally positive reviews from music critics, who complimented the production and the emotion in lovato's vocal performance, with some naming the album the best work of her career.
"offering a breathtaking view of bushnell park, the park river and the state capitol building, the room attracted a wealthy clientele and some of the biggest musical performers of the day including count basie, ella fitzgerald, cole porter, frank sinatra, eugene ormandy, nat ""king"" cole, and rosemary clooney."	"offering a scenic view of bushnell park, the park river and the state capitol building, the room attracted a wealthy clientele and some of the biggest musical performers of the day including count basie, ella fitzgerald, cole porter, frank sinatra, eugene ormandy, nat ""king"" cole, and rosemary clooney."
it has also led to the exploration of spiritual concepts such as the soul and god , and has factored into the self-awareness of humans, leading to self-reflection and the development of distinct personalities.	it has also led to the exploration of spiritual concepts such as the soul and deities , and has factored into the self-awareness of humans, leading to self-reflection and the development of distinct personalities.
she proudly identifies as a powhatan-renape/pamunkey native american.	she identifies as a powhatan-renape/pamunkey native american.
alan lee keyes (born august 7, 1950) is a conservative american political activist, author, and former diplomat, and perpetual candidate for public office.	alan lee keyes (born august 7, 1950) is a conservative american political activist, author, and former diplomat, and frequent candidate for public office.
in the late 1980s, goble started experimenting with refrigerants, due to increased danger and lower thermodynamic efficiency of the recently introduced r-134a compared to the older r-12 which was being phased out due to inflated concerns about damage to the ozone layer, and the incompatibility of r-134a with the lubricating oil and other materials used in systems built for r-12.	in the late 1980s, goble started experimenting with refrigerants, due to increased danger and lower thermodynamic efficiency of the recently introduced r-134a compared to the older r-12 which was being phased out due to concerns about damage to the ozone layer, and the incompatibility of r-134a with the lubricating oil and other materials used in systems built for r-12.
marilyn sokol is an actress, comedienne , teacher, singer and writer/director.	marilyn sokol is an actress, comedian , teacher, singer and writer/director.
in treatment is an award-winning hbo drama, produced and developed by rodrigo garcia, about a psychotherapist, 53-year-old dr. paul weston, and his weekly sessions with patients.	in treatment is an hbo drama, produced and developed by rodrigo garcia, about a psychotherapist, 53-year-old dr. paul weston, and his weekly sessions with patients.
the prestigious ingeborg bachmann prize, awarded annually in klagenfurt since 1977, is named after her.	the ingeborg bachmann prize, awarded annually in klagenfurt since 1977, is named after her.
so-called animal/cattle mutilation cases, that some feel are also part of the ufo phenomenon.	animal/cattle mutilation cases, that some feel are also part of the ufo phenomenon.
turner is an independent media hound and occasional candidate in various state elections.	turner is an independent media personality and occasional candidate in various state elections.
on the night of a german sapper inadvertently broke into french mine gallery, which he found to have been charged with explosives; a group of volunteers took racking minutes to dismantle the charge and cut the firing cables.	on the night of a german sapper inadvertently broke into french mine gallery, which he found to have been charged with explosives; a group of volunteers took 45 minutes to dismantle the charge and cut the firing cables.
milloy operates the advancement of sound science center, a non-profit organization which attacks environmental science, from his home in potomac, maryland.	milloy operates the advancement of sound science center, a non-profit organization which is critical of environmental science, from his home in potomac, maryland.
"holoz is a cornerstone of israeli cuisine, and consumption in israel has been compared by food critic elena ferretti to ""peanut butter in america, nutella in europe or vegemite in australia""."	"hummus is a cornerstone of israeli cuisine, and consumption in israel has been compared by food critic elena ferretti to ""peanut butter in america, nutella in europe or vegemite in australia""."
the club's catchment area straddles the north county derry /county antrim border, taking players in from the triangle area of coleraine, portstewart and portrush.	the club's catchment area straddles the north county londonderry /county antrim border, taking players in from the triangle area of coleraine, portstewart and portrush.
if the barometer is falling then bad weather or some form of precipitation will fall, however if the barometer is rising then there will be nice weather or no precipitation.	if the barometer is falling then deteriorating weather or some form of precipitation will fall, however if the barometer is rising then there will be nice weather or no precipitation.
"the multi-coloured camouflage jacket (right) is often worn as a jesus army ""uniform"" in street proselytism"	"the multi-coloured camouflage jacket (right) is often worn as a jesus army ""uniform"" in street evangelism"
in the small village of ramgarh, the retired policeman thakur baldev singh (sanjeev kumar) summons a pair of amateur thieves that he had once arrested.	in the small village of ramgarh, the retired policeman thakur baldev singh (sanjeev kumar) summons a pair of small-time thieves that he had once arrested.
it was also found in later years that industrial tasks underwater could be more efficiently performed by undersea robot devices operated from the surface or from smaller lowered structures, made possible by a more advanced understanding of diving physiology and more complex mixtures of breathing gases.	it was also found in later years that industrial tasks underwater could be more efficiently performed by undersea robot devices and divers operating from the surface or from smaller lowered structures, made possible by a more advanced understanding of diving physiology and more complex mixtures of breathing gases.
a gyro or gyros (, gyros , literally 'turn') is a greek dish made of meat, traditionally pork, chicken, or lamb, and outside greece with beef and veal, cooked on a vertical rotisserie, and usually served wrapped in a flatbread such as pita, with tomato, onion, tzatziki sauce, and sometimes french fries.	a gyro or gyros (, gyros , literally 'turn') is a meat dish made of meat, traditionally pork, chicken, or lamb, and outside greece with beef and veal, cooked on a vertical rotisserie, and usually served wrapped in a flatbread such as pita, with tomato, onion, tzatziki sauce, and sometimes french fries.
the armenian terrorists stormed the tourism waiting lounge, opening fire and killing one and wounding 11 french visitors.	the armenian gunman stormed the tourism waiting lounge, opening fire and killing one and wounding 11 french visitors.
after visiting america once more for a brief period, lama gnpo remained in tibet until his passing at the age of 85.	after visiting america once more for a brief period, lama gnpo remained in tibet until his death at the age of 85.
negative medical reactions to blood donation are rare and blood bank staff are well trained to handle them.	negative medical reactions to blood donation are rare and blood bank staff are trained to handle them.
public diplomacy is a term that is very closely associated with the usia , which used it to describe its mission.	public diplomacy is a term that is very closely associated with the united_states_information_agency, which used it to describe its mission.
"hinderaker has claimed that some ""scientists have pointed out the absence of evidence for human-caused global warming"" and that ""in fact, scientific support for that theory anthropogenic global warming is weak."""	"hinderaker has stated that some ""scientists have pointed out the absence of evidence for human-caused global warming"" and that ""in fact, scientific support for that theory anthropogenic global warming is weak."""
the garden is dedicated to all those who gave their lives in the fight for ireland's freedom .	the garden is dedicated to all those who gave their lives in the fight for ireland's independence .
the mario andretti dynasty of race drivers hail from nazareth.	the mario andretti family of race drivers hail from nazareth.
u.s. supreme court cases discussing the constitutionality of execution methods often involve testimony of medical professionals; one example of such a case being the 2008 baze v. rees case, which affirmed the constitutionality of lethal injection as a method of capital punishment, despite evidence that the single drug used for animal euthanasia is more humane than the three-drug cocktail currently used.	u.s. supreme court cases discussing the constitutionality of execution methods often involve testimony of medical professionals; one example of such a case being the 2008 baze v. rees case, which affirmed the constitutionality of lethal injection as a method of capital punishment, despite claims that the single drug used for animal euthanasia is more humane than the three-drug cocktail currently used.
unfortunately , the reunion was never duplicated.	however , the reunion was never duplicated.
some unionists were later arrested for balance.	some loyalist s were later arrested for balance.
in my mind's eye is a concert performance video released by the british pop group tears for fears.	in my mind's eye is a concert performance video released by the british group tears for fears.
paxton believes the charges stem from political differences.	paxton claims the charges stem from political differences.
"dennison said that he ""leaves the explanations to the experts"", and, when challenged on his assertion that ""processed foods do not contain water"", his defence was that such foods do not contain available water."""	"dennison said that he ""leaves the explanations to the experts"", and, when challenged on his assertion that ""processed foods do not contain water"", his response was that such foods do not contain available water."""
phyllis diller, 95, american comedienne and actress (the pruitts of southampton), natural causes.	phyllis diller, 95, american comedian and actress (the pruitts of southampton), natural causes.
captain richard avery hornsby is an almost forgotten sunderland hero from the 18th century.	captain richard avery hornsby is an almost forgotten sunderland military figure from the 18th century.
mancow spear-headed two major lawsuits, against the antics of limp bizkit's fred durst following his disrespectful behavior towards fans at a radio concert in chicago, and another suit against a man who reported mancow to the fcc for alleged indecency on the air, which mancow withdrew because it was a publicity stunt.	mancow spear-headed two major lawsuits, against the antics of limp bizkit's fred durst following his behavior towards fans at a radio concert in chicago, and another suit against a man who reported mancow to the fcc for alleged indecency on the air, which mancow withdrew because it was a publicity stunt.
is a japanese savoury pancake containing a variety of ingredients.	is a japanese pancake containing a variety of ingredients.
in 1912, after the ottoman capitulation, serbia conquered the territory of kosovo.	in 1912, after the ottoman capitulation, serbia acquired the territory of kosovo.
all opinion polls fail to single out another institution that romanians would trust more than the romanian orthodox church.	opinion polls fail to single out another institution that romanians would trust more than the romanian orthodox church.
differences between an ed.d.	comparisons between an ed.d.
the allegation continues to be used in antisemitic publications and websites today.	the allegation continues to be used in publications and websites today.
surprisingly , the official uk playstation magazine was one of the few to recommend the ps2 game, awarding it 8/10.	however , the official uk playstation magazine was one of the few to recommend the ps2 game, awarding it 8/10.
it is a shameless copy (identical shot for shot) of the 1937 film, the only difference being that it was made in technicolor.	it is a copy (identical shot for shot) of the 1937 film, the only difference being that it was made in technicolor.
with his carriers lost and the americans withdrawn out of range of his powerful battleships, yamamoto was forced to call off the operation, leaving midway in enemy hands.	with his carriers lost and the americans withdrawn out of range of his powerful battleships, yamamoto was forced to call off the operation, leaving midway in american hands.
this policy was not changed when sri lanka urgently requested its help later in chandrika kumaratunga's regime to ward off ltte terrorists approaching jaffna.	this policy was not changed when sri lanka urgently requested its help later in chandrika kumaratunga's regime to ward off ltte fighters approaching jaffna.
the album was released october 31, 1989, on cold chillin' records and was produced by the legendary marley marl.	the album was released october 31, 1989, on cold chillin' records and was produced by the marley marl.
"a number of his remarks are regarded as highly offensive by the public, other political candidates, the media, and trump's business partners, many of whom have terminated their business relationships with trump over his incendiary racial remarks, as in his description of undocumented mexican immigrants to the united states as ""rapists"" and ""drug dealers."	"a number of his remarks are regarded as highly controversial by the public, other political candidates, the media, and trump's business partners, many of whom have terminated their business relationships with trump over his incendiary racial remarks, as in his description of undocumented mexican immigrants to the united states as ""rapists"" and ""drug dealers."
on november 15, they released eight innocent western aid workers after three months in captivity (see attacks on humanitarian workers).	on november 15, they released eight western aid workers after three months in captivity (see attacks on humanitarian workers).
the democrats derided the sham installation of chamberlain as governor by the republicans and on december 14, they declared hampton governor of south carolina.	the democrats derided the installation of chamberlain as governor by the republicans and on december 14, they declared hampton governor of south carolina.
the traditional counties of the british isles are unofficial, informal and non-administrative divisions of the british isles.	traditional counties of the british isles are unofficial, informal and non-administrative divisions of the british isles.
the first european missionaries visited the area in 1834. a missionary settlement was set up by the missionaries and mori christians in july 1839 after they observed tainui cannibals who had been fighting at rotorua, return with 60 backpacks of human remains and proceed to cook and eat them in the otawhao pa. te awamutu was a major site during the new zealand land wars of the 19th century, serving as a garrison town for the colonial settlers.	the first european missionaries visited the area in 1834. a missionary settlement was set up by the missionaries and mori christians in july 1839 after they observed tainui warriors who had been fighting at rotorua, return with 60 backpacks of human remains and proceed to cook and eat them in the otawhao pa. te awamutu was a major site during the new zealand land wars of the 19th century, serving as a garrison town for the colonial settlers.
lehi (group), zionist terrorist organization in british mandate of palestine	lehi (group), zionist paramilitary organization in british mandate of palestine
munier chowdhury, eminent bangladeshi nationalist intellectual killed by the pakistan army during the 1971 atrocities	munier chowdhury, eminent bangladeshi nationalist intellectual killed by the pakistan army during the 1971 killing of bengali intellectuals
criticsm has come equally from both democrats and republicans for decisions they have all made.	criticism has come equally from both democrats and republicans for decisions they have all made.
"aviva chomsky, a leftist professor at salem state college, states that ""early studies in california and in the southwest and in the southeast...have come to the same conclusions."	"aviva chomsky, a professor at salem state college, states that ""early studies in california and in the southwest and in the southeast...have come to the same conclusions."
after the war henry wirz, commandant of the inner stockade at camp sumter, was improperly tried by a military tribunal on charges of conspiracy and murder.	after the war henry wirz, commandant of the inner stockade at camp sumter, was tried by a military tribunal on charges of conspiracy and murder.
a pawn during the cold war between the soviet union and the united states, a nuclear war nearly broke out during the cuban missile crisis of 1962.	a point of contention during the cold war between the soviet union and the united states, a nuclear war nearly broke out during the cuban missile crisis of 1962.
apparently, local authorities colluded with the separatists.	apparently, local authorities cooperated with the separatists.
in 2008, he dragged the federal government of nigeria to court over illegal appointments of service chiefs.	in 2008, he took the federal government of nigeria to court over illegal appointments of service chiefs.
in may 2008, principal david hampson suspended 74 pupils for using the school computers to play a simple game based on the movie tron.	in may 2008, principal david hampson suspended 74 pupils for using the school computers to play a game based on the movie tron.
sugden was noted for her extensive work with yorkshire television; reportedly, an executive of itv contractor television south once stated that he would scream if yorkshire television allowed the itv network to endure another mollie sugden comedy.	sugden was noted for her extensive work with yorkshire television; reportedly, an executive of itv contractor television south once stated that he would scream if yorkshire television allowed the itv network to air another mollie sugden comedy.
images are very high-quality and you can see signs on tops of buildings, advertisements and other things so clearly.	images are very high-quality and you can see signs on tops of buildings, advertisements and other things very clearly.
the scary movie series is a series of films mainly specializing in spoofing several popular horror films, which have collectively grossed over $818 million at the box-office worldwide.	the scary movie series is a series of films mainly specializing in spoofing several horror films, which have collectively grossed over $818 million at the box-office worldwide.
starring was the upincoming actor craig chisholm, currently an unknown in the gay pornography world.	starring was the actor craig chisholm, currently an unknown in the gay pornography world.
born in 1888 and died tragically in 1942. he studied from 1904 in the warsaw school of fine arts under the direction of conrad krzyanowski.	born in 1888 and died in 1942. he studied from 1904 in the warsaw school of fine arts under the direction of conrad krzyanowski.
mx.justin vivian bond, the transgender american singer-songwriter, covered the song on his 2012 solo album silver wells.	mx.justin vivian bond, the transgender american singer-songwriter, covered the song on v's 2012 solo album silver wells.
"regarding the historic opportunity, she said, ""women did domestic and female style issues."	"regarding the opportunity, she said, ""women did domestic and female style issues."
about 4:22pm, israeli soldiers fire at terrorists attempting to launch a missile from within the area of a mosque in khan yunis.	about 4:22pm, israeli soldiers fire at fighters attempting to launch a missile from within the area of a mosque in khan yunis.
one of the most fascinating parts of the game is the conversation engine used to talk with the robot staff onboard the ship.	one of the most significant parts of the game is the conversation engine used to talk with the robot staff onboard the ship.
"it also makes a cute pun on ""a patchy web server"" -- a server made from a series of patches -- but this was not its origin."	"it also makes a pun on ""a patchy web server"" -- a server made from a series of patches -- but this was not its origin."
federico mayor is a long-term member of the ultra-catholic opus dei.	federico mayor is a long-term member of the opus dei.
so they reject the state, based on the fact that states are aggressive entities which steal property (through taxation and expropriation), initiate aggression, are a compulsory monopoly on the use of force, use their coercive powers to benefit some businesses and individuals at the expense of others, create monopolies, restrict trade, and restrict personal freedoms via drug laws, compulsory education, conscription, laws on food and morality, and the like.	so they reject the state, based on the belief that states are aggressive entities which steal property (through taxation and expropriation), initiate aggression, are a compulsory monopoly on the use of force, use their coercive powers to benefit some businesses and individuals at the expense of others, create monopolies, restrict trade, and restrict personal freedoms via drug laws, compulsory education, conscription, laws on food and morality, and the like.
unlike normal vmas the rules did not entitle the winner to a moonman, and mtv.com gave no recognition to the award or the winner.	unlike ordinary vmas the rules did not entitle the winner to a moonman, and mtv.com gave no recognition to the award or the winner.
traditional attitudes towards children tended to consider them as mere extensions of the household and 'owned' by their father , who exerted absolute parental control.	traditional attitudes towards children tended to consider them as mere extensions of the household and 'owned' by their parents &/or legal guardian , who exerted absolute parental control.
"robinson's early film roles included a football teammate of tom cruise in all the right moves (1983), as fortune smith, the notre dame-bound basketball playing co-worker of matt dillon, in the flamingo kid (1984), he costarred in the michael mann-produced tri-star pictures film band of the hand as well the memorable ""killer bee"" in the dennis hopper-directed gang film colors, starring sean penn and robert duvall."	"robinson's early film roles included a football teammate of tom cruise in all the right moves (1983), as fortune smith, the notre dame-bound basketball playing co-worker of matt dillon, in the flamingo kid (1984), he costarred in the michael mann-produced tri-star pictures film band of the hand as well the ""killer bee"" in the dennis hopper-directed gang film colors, starring sean penn and robert duvall."
the genesis creation myth contained in the first two chapters of the bible's book of genesis is made up of two consecutive narratives:	the genesis creation account contained in the first two chapters of the bible's book of genesis is made up of two consecutive narratives:
"lars johan wictor gyllensten (12 november 1921 – 25 may 2006) was a swedish author and physician, and a member of the swedish academy, which furthers the ""purity, vigour and majesty"" of the swedish language and selects the recipient of the nobel prize for literature each year."	"lars johan wictor gyllensten (12 november 1921 – 25 may 2006) was a swedish author and physician, and a member of the swedish academy, which has the aim of furthering the ""purity, vigour and majesty"" of the swedish language and selects the recipient of the nobel prize for literature each year."
then, in 1912, the grand trunk pacific was dealt another blow when its brilliant general manager charles melville hays was lost in the sinking of the titanic.	then, in 1912, the grand trunk pacific was dealt another blow when its general manager charles melville hays was lost in the sinking of the titanic.
the editorial also gives voice to the popular criticism that the film provides a dubious recipe for material greed, social apathy, and blaming the victim.	the editorial also gives voice to the criticism that the film provides a dubious recipe for material greed, social apathy, and blaming the victim.
fabricated allegations of religious blasphemy	allegations of religious blasphemy
they became somewhat of an anarchist commune in rural france between 1972 and 1974. in 1972 they were joined by legendary electronics musician tim blake and later, by steve hillage to record the radio gnome trilogy after signing with virgin, consisting of flying teapot, angel's egg and you.	they became somewhat of an anarchist commune in rural france between 1972 and 1974. in 1972 they were joined by electronics musician tim blake and later, by steve hillage to record the radio gnome trilogy after signing with virgin, consisting of flying teapot, angel's egg and you.
brian mulroney infamously had a new closet installed to hold his wife's and his vast collection of gucci shoes.	brian mulroney had a new closet installed to hold his wife's and his vast collection of gucci shoes.
these cells, which were cloned, originally came from healthy, electively aborted babies .	these cells, which were cloned, originally came from healthy, electively aborted human embryos .
yale has graduated many notable alumni, including five u.s. presidents, 19 u.s. supreme court justices, 13 living billionaires, and many foreign heads of state.	yale has graduated many notable alumni, including five u.s. presidents, 19 u.s. supreme court justices, 13 living billionaires, and many non-american heads of state.
the united states army installation management command is a military organization whose primary mission is to provide the united states army the installation capabilities and services to support expeditionary operations in a time of persistent conflict, and to provide a quality of life for soldiers and families commensurate with their service.	the united states army installation management command is a military organization whose stated mission is to provide the united states army the installation capabilities and services to support expeditionary operations in a time of persistent conflict, and to provide a quality of life for soldiers and families commensurate with their service.
stephen mcmahon (born august 20, 1961 in liverpool) was one of the toughest midfield football players of his generation who galvanised the outstanding liverpool team of the late 1980s.	stephen mcmahon (born august 20, 1961 in liverpool) was one of the toughest midfield football players of his generation who galvanised the liverpool team of the late 1980s.
the point of this silliness is to prod the theist into remembering that their preaching is likely to be viewed by atheists as having all the credibility and seriousness of the atheists' preaching about the ipu.	the point of this fashion is to prod the theist into remembering that their preaching is likely to be viewed by atheists as having all the credibility and seriousness of the atheists' preaching about the ipu.
he left his village at the age of 13 and enrolled as a mercenary in the ottoman militia of the local ruler ali pasha.	he left his village at the age of 13 and enrolled as a mercenary in the ottoman militia of the local despot, ali pasha.
until november 16, 2012 it was also produced by hostess brands in the united states, which closed its operations in the wake of a crippling bctgm bakers' union strike and entered liquidation proceedings.	until november 16, 2012 it was also produced by hostess brands in the united states, which closed its operations in the wake of a bctgm bakers' union strike and entered liquidation proceedings.
for years, stewart has regularly lambasted fox news for verifiably distorting the news to fit a conservative agenda, at one point ridiculing the network as the meanest sorority in the world.	for years, stewart has regularly lambasted fox news for allegedly distorting the news to fit a conservative agenda, at one point ridiculing the network as the meanest sorority in the world.
abe burrows, who was much more actively involved in that series, later claimed that martin's tenure was very brief and that he made no significant contributions.	abe burrows, who was more actively involved in that series, later claimed that martin's tenure was very brief and that he made no significant contributions.
the shit was dedicated to steve irwin, nick enright, micheal jonson and robby mcneilly green.	the film was dedicated to steve irwin, nick enright, micheal jonson and robby mcneilly green.
he is the author of several important books on the creation-evolution controversy, including deeper than darwin: the prospect for religion in the age of evolution, god after darwin: a theology of evolution, and responses to 101 questions on god and evolution.	he is the author of several books on the creation-evolution controversy, including deeper than darwin: the prospect for religion in the age of evolution, god after darwin: a theology of evolution, and responses to 101 questions on god and evolution.
vincent r. gray (born 1922, london) is a retired new zealand-based coal chemist , climate author, and founder of the new zealand climate science coalition.	vincent r. gray (born 1922, london) is a retired new zealand-based chemist , climate author, and founder of the new zealand climate science coalition.
the mitt is mean super pac has the goal of raising at least $1,000,000, in order to inform voters of mitt romney's inhumane treatment of seamus in ten swing states during the 2012 presidential campaign.	the mitt is mean super pac has the goal of raising at least $1,000,000, in order to inform voters of mitt romney's treatment of seamus in ten swing states during the 2012 presidential campaign.
the great actor alan rickman didn't begin his career until he was 28, having operated a graphic design company before then.	the actor alan rickman didn't begin his career until he was 28, having operated a graphic design company before then.
on 21 june 2010, muhammad al-yaqoubi, a leading cleric and sufi from syria, declared on takbeer tv's programme sunni talk that the mujaddid of the indian subcontinent was ahmed raza khan barelvi, and said that a follower of ahlus sunnah wal jamaah can be identified by his love of khan, and that those outside of that those outside the ahlus sunnah are identified by their attacks on him.	on 21 june 2010, muhammad al-yaqoubi, a cleric and sufi from syria, declared on takbeer tv's programme sunni talk that the mujaddid of the indian subcontinent was ahmed raza khan barelvi, and said that a follower of ahlus sunnah wal jamaah can be identified by his love of khan, and that those outside of that those outside the ahlus sunnah are identified by their attacks on him.
he was dismissed from the chilean diplomatic service, in late 1970, by marxist president salvador allende.	he was dismissed from the chilean diplomatic service, in late 1970, by president salvador allende.
falconer carry on many of the traditions set by weinerhall's previous band and play a style of power metal that expertly utilises folk instrumentation and melody to create a more medieval sound.	falconer carry on many of the traditions set by weinerhall's previous band and play a style of power metal that utilises folk instrumentation and melody to create a more medieval sound.
"however, the content and the existence of this ""1992 consensus"" is still widely disputed."	"however, the content and the existence of this ""1992 consensus"" is widely disputed."
caligula's blasphemous attempt to erect his statue in the temple in jerusalem may have inspired the author of revelation to speak against the roman emperor.	caligula's attempt to erect his statue in the temple in jerusalem may have inspired the author of revelation to speak against the roman emperor.
sion would later lead a team of assassins after the exile, as he believed him /her to be the last jedi.	sion would later lead a team of assassins after the exile, as he believed him to be the last jedi.
"the ""pro-choice"" argument is that a woman's right to control her pregnancy outweighs any right claimed for the embryo or fetus (which pro-choice advocates do not see as having the full rights of a born person)."	"the ""pro-choice"" argument is that a woman's right to control her pregnancy outweighs any right claimed for the embryo or fetus (which pro-choice advocates do not see as having the full rights of a person)."
despite his overtly political role he was paid from the public purse as a member of the civil service, in one of blair's earliest moves to destroy the traditional political neutrality of the civil service.	despite his overtly political role he was paid from the public purse as a member of the civil service, in one of blair's earliest moves to change the traditional political neutrality of the civil service.
"under his mandate, hungary enacted a ""status law"" extending special economic, social and cultural benefits to ethnic hungarians discriminated in neighbouring states (romania, slovakia, serbia-montenegro, croatia, slovenia and ukraine), said to heal the negative effects of the 1920 trianon treaty, however many think this law was only good for insulting these countries."	"under his mandate, hungary enacted a ""status law"" extending special economic, social and cultural benefits to ethnic hungarians in neighbouring states (romania, slovakia, serbia-montenegro, croatia, slovenia and ukraine), said to heal the negative effects of the 1920 trianon treaty, however many think this law was only good for insulting these countries."
"unlike english (with the use of ""they"" as the singular gender-neutral pronoun) or norwegian (which developed the new gender-neutral pronoun ""hen""), dutch did not develop a gender-neutral pronoun."	"unlike english (with the use of ""they"" as the singular gender-neutral pronoun) or swedish (which developed the new gender-neutral pronoun ""hen""), dutch did not develop a gender-neutral pronoun."
smros advocate for a point of view in motorcycling that is, in general, hostile to mandatory helmet laws, required motorcycle safety inspections, mandatory rider training and licensing, and other similar regulation.	smros advocate for a point of view in motorcycling that is, in general, opposed to mandatory helmet laws, required motorcycle safety inspections, mandatory rider training and licensing, and other similar regulation.
"fuji-san is sometimes incorrectly referred to as fuji yama in some western texts, because the third character of its name, 山 meaning mountain, can also be pronounced ""yama""."	"fuji-san is sometimes referred to as fuji yama in some western texts, because the third character of its name, 山 meaning mountain, can also be pronounced ""yama""."
ray is also an inspiring activist who fights for gay rights, abortion rights, native american rights, low-power broadcasting, and gun control.	ray is also an activist who fights for gay rights, abortion rights, native american rights, low-power broadcasting, and gun control.
smith and the officer were both black , and video from the officer's bodycam showed that smith had turned toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.	smith and the officer were both african american , and video from the officer's bodycam showed that smith had turned toward the officer with a gun in his hand right before the officer shot him.
some are unfortunately limited to the ai terrorists, such as the machete and rogue entertainment's controversial suicide belt.	some are limited to the ai terrorists, such as the machete and rogue entertainment's controversial suicide belt.
the greatest blow to the theory was dealt by the great egyptogist flinders petrie (18531942), whose father was a believer.	the greatest blow to the theory was dealt by the egyptogist flinders petrie (18531942), whose father was a believer.
"interestingly , the decision problem ""is n a composite number?"""	"in contrast , the decision problem ""is n a composite number?"""
the vast amounts of war materiel that were airdropped onto these islands during the pacific campaign against the empire of japan necessarily meant drastic changes to the lifestyle of the islanders, many of whom had never seen westerners or easterners before.	the vast amounts of war materiel that were airdropped onto these islands during the pacific campaign between the allies and the empire of japan necessarily meant drastic changes to the lifestyle of the islanders, many of whom had never seen westerners or easterners before.
the carbonic acid instantly dissociates into carbon dioxide and water, then gets eliminated through urine.	the carbonic acid instantly decomposes into carbon dioxide and water, then gets eliminated through urine.
lakefield (population 2400) is a village that is part of smith-ennismore-lakefield, peterborough county, ontario, although it was formerly a separate village.	right (population 2400) is a village that is part of smith-ennismore-lakefield, peterborough county, ontario, although it was formerly a separate village.
those players seeking to play under the shadow of permanent death feel that the more realistic consequences heighten the sense of involvement and achievement they get from their character.	those players seeking to play under the shadow of permanent death feel that the more severe consequences heighten the sense of involvement and achievement they get from their character.
and writing persuasive pamphlets and online webpages on the issues they have with mormonism.	and writing pamphlets and online webpages on the issues they have with mormonism.
"the liberation of hyderabad in september 1948 by ""hyderabad police action"" (code-named ""operation polo"") was the operation by the indian armed forces that ended the rule of the nizam of hyderabad and led to the integration of the princely state of hyderabad into the indian union."	"the annexation of hyderabad in september 1948 by ""hyderabad police action"" (code-named ""operation polo"") was the operation by the indian armed forces that ended the rule of the nizam of hyderabad and led to the integration of the princely state of hyderabad into the indian union."
larouche claimed in this extraordinary article that when the oligarchy sees the influence of his work:	larouche claimed in this article that when the oligarchy sees the influence of his work:
martha nussbaum on emotion	nussbaum on emotion
"the communist author morimura seiichi published the book the devil's gluttony in 1981, followed by the devil's gluttony: a sequel in 1983. this purported to reveal the ""true"" operations of unit 731, but actually confused them with that of unit 100, and falsely used unrelated photos attributing them to unit 731, which raised questions about its reliability."	"the author morimura seiichi published the book the devil's gluttony in 1981, followed by the devil's gluttony: a sequel in 1983. this purported to reveal the ""true"" operations of unit 731, but actually confused them with that of unit 100, and falsely used unrelated photos attributing them to unit 731, which raised questions about its reliability."
he is the voice of auron in the popular rpg games final fantasy x, final fantasy x-2, and kingdom hearts ii.	he is the voice of auron in the rpg games final fantasy x, final fantasy x-2, and kingdom hearts ii.
in a 2005 court case brought in california by an anti-waldorf activist group, plans, the judge ruled that it had presented no legally admissible evidence that anthroposophy is a religion; this case is under appeal.	in a 2005 court case brought in california by an activist group, plans, the judge ruled that it had presented no legally admissible evidence that anthroposophy is a religion; this case is under appeal.
within some sects such as mormonism, the term is used as a nontrinitarian substitute for the term trinity, denoting the father, son, and holy spirit not as a trinity, but as a unified council of separate beings in full harmony.	within some traditions such as mormonism, the term is used as a nontrinitarian substitute for the term trinity, denoting the father, son, and holy spirit not as a trinity, but as a unified council of separate beings in full harmony.
a uk family court judge declared in 2004 that propaganda provided by women's aid had unnecessarily caused a mother to express fear about a father's involvement with the children.	a uk family court judge declared in 2004 that material provided by women's aid had unnecessarily caused a mother to express fear about a father's involvement with the children.
unfortunately cookstown lost 3-2 at a soggy lisnagarvey (hillsborough).	cookstown lost 3-2 at a soggy lisnagarvey (hillsborough).
as the love interest and first wife of x-men leader cyclops (scott summers), she became a long-standing member of the x-men supporting cast, until a series of traumas - including being abandoned by her husband, losing her infant son, and discovering that she was a clone of jean grey - eventually led to her being manipulated into becoming a supervillainess .	as the love interest and first wife of x-men leader cyclops (scott summers), she became a long-standing member of the x-men supporting cast, until a series of traumas - including being abandoned by her husband, losing her infant son, and discovering that she was a clone of jean grey - eventually led to her being manipulated into becoming a supervillain .
further tests, including another shahab-3 launch, were conducted on 10 july.	further tests, which one report claimed included another shahab-3 launch, were conducted on 10 july.
1978 - andy samberg, sexy american comedian	1978 - andy samberg, american comedian
roar ljkelsy (born may 31, 1976 in orkdal) is a world-class norwegian ski jumper.	roar ljkelsy (born may 31, 1976 in orkdal) is a norwegian ski jumper.
misha'al bint fahd al saud (1958-1977) (arabic: ) was a saudi arabian princess who was killed in 1977 , at the age of 19. she was a granddaughter of prince muhammad bin abdul aziz, who was an older brother of the then king of saudi arabia, khalid bin abdul aziz.	misha'al bint fahd al saud (1958-1977) (arabic: ) was a saudi arabian princess who was executed for adultery in 1977, at the age of 19. she was a granddaughter of prince muhammad bin abdul aziz, who was an older brother of the then king of saudi arabia, khalid bin abdul aziz.
as commander-in-chief of the ugandan army, amin seized power with a coup, after which he established a brutal dictatorial regime.	as commander-in-chief of the ugandan army, amin seized power with a coup, after which he established a dictatorial regime.
most recently nichols appeared in he hunts at the geffen playhouse and was seen in the u.s. premire of joe pintaro's electrifying the dead boy, for which nichols received a maddy award.	most recently nichols appeared in he hunts at the geffen playhouse and was seen in the u.s. premire of joe pintaro's the dead boy, for which nichols received a maddy award.
back in 1991, aguiluz was able to gain full accreditation for ama computer college in the american league of colleges and universities (alocu), thus, making ama the first filipino and non- american school to be so honored.	in 1991, aguiluz was able to gain full accreditation for ama computer college in the american league of colleges and universities (alocu), thus, making ama the first filipino and non- american school to be so honored.
in the coverage of the attacks in 2013, some conservative political commentators have focused on racial factors, alleging that the crimes are being committed primarily by african american youth and criticizing the media for ignoring the alleged racial nature of these attacks.	in the coverage of the attacks in 2013, some political commentators have focused on racial factors, alleging that the crimes are being committed primarily by african american youth and criticizing the media for ignoring the alleged racial nature of these attacks.
after the frustrating result of the 1992 general election, democracy for scotland, universally known as 'the vigil', was a non-party political group made up of ordinary citizens who volunteered their time to spread awareness for the restoration of a scottish parliament.	after the result of the 1992 general election, democracy for scotland, universally known as 'the vigil', was a non-party political group made up of ordinary citizens who volunteered their time to spread awareness for the restoration of a scottish parliament.
the congressmen who had pushed to create subprime loans now rightfully blamed wall street and their rating companies for misleading these investors.	the congressmen who had pushed to create subprime loans now blamed wall street and their rating companies for misleading these investors.
it was first passed through in 1768 by louis antoine de bougainville, who christened it.	it was first passed through in 1768 by louis antoine de bougainville, who named it.
heidi klum (born june 1, 1973), is a german model, actress, television host, businesswoman, fashion designer, television producer, and occasional singer.	heidi klum (born june 1, 1973), is a model, actress, television host, businesswoman, fashion designer, television producer, and occasional singer.
in 2015, he produced on slow moving millie's awful classical instrumental ep, arms.	in 2015, he produced on slow moving millie's classical instrumental ep, arms.
in the early fifties, he was invited to collaborate on the tintin magazine of herg, where we find edgar p. jacobs as well, and he makes 7 of the best suske en wiske stories for it, as well as a few other comics.	in the early fifties, he was invited to collaborate on the tintin magazine of herg, where we find edgar p. jacobs as well, and he makes 7 of the most critically acclaimed suske en wiske stories for it, as well as a few other comics.
mahathir bin mohamad, the ex-prime minister, still raises unjustified claims regarding singapore's intentions in a number of matters, such as land reclamation.	mahathir bin mohamad, the ex-prime minister, still raises claims regarding singapore's intentions in a number of matters, such as land reclamation.
the 1996 season saw the team reach the pinnacle of the college football world and capture its first ever undisputed national championship with a 52-20 win over hated rival florida state in the sugar bowl.	the 1996 season saw the team reach the pinnacle of the college football world and capture its first ever undisputed national championship with a 52-20 win over rival florida state in the sugar bowl.
"she starred in red-headed woman (1932) and in red dust (1932), which capitalized on her ""laughing vamp"" image and achieved her recognition as a film comedienne ."	"she starred in red-headed woman (1932) and in red dust (1932), which capitalized on her ""laughing vamp"" image and achieved her recognition as a film comedian ."
in addition, there are new playable characters, a new rival character, and a mysterious pokmon researcher named who is interested in the strengths of pokmon.	in addition, there are new playable characters, a new rival character, and a pokmon researcher named who is interested in the strengths of pokmon.
beginning with a licensed version of the milled receiver soviet ak-47, valmet then set about upgrading the design at every point.	beginning with a licensed version of the milled receiver soviet ak-47, valmet set about upgrading the design at every point.
"she recorded it with acclaimed producer kevin shirley, and wrote all of the songs except for ""nothing going on,"" written by the swedish band clawfinger."	"she recorded it with producer kevin shirley, and wrote all of the songs except for ""nothing going on,"" written by the swedish band clawfinger."
for example, he ordered that lutherans and roman catholics share the same churches and encouraged the first publication of the holy bible in the danish language.	for example, he ordered that lutherans and roman catholics share the same churches and encouraged the first publication of the bible in the danish language.
"morse nicely sums up the series in the dvd extras: ""it wasn't the worst show ever made, but it certainly wasn't the best!"""	"morse sums up the series in the dvd extras: ""it wasn't the worst show ever made, but it certainly wasn't the best!"""
linda evangelista (born may 10, 1965) is a canadian supermodel .	linda evangelista (born may 10, 1965) is a canadian model .
the yulia tymoshenko bloc, is the name of the subsequently created political coalitions in ukraine led by the charismatic politician yulia tymoshenko.	the yulia tymoshenko bloc, is the name of the subsequently created political coalitions in ukraine led by the politician yulia tymoshenko.
unfortunately , the use of physical force and pain are all too often intrinsic in animal training.	indeed , the use of physical force and pain are all too often intrinsic in animal training.
it is currently hosted by supermodel lisa snowdon, who also serves as head judge.	it is currently hosted by model lisa snowdon, who also serves as head judge.
the google nexus player was the first consumer android tv device, releasing first in the us on november 3, 2014, featuring an intel atom chipset and only 8 gb of flash memory.	the google nexus player was the first consumer android tv device, releasing first in the us on november 3, 2014, featuring an intel atom chipset and 8 gb of flash memory.
however, the second poll conducted by controversial zogby for the wall street journal has challenger jim webb leading allen by several points, webb 50.4% to allen 42.9% .	however, the second poll conducted by zogby for the wall street journal has challenger jim webb leading allen by several points, webb 50.4% to allen 42.9% .
she became first lady after her husband defeated democrat al gore in the 2000 election.	she became first lady after her husband was declared the winner over democrat al gore in the 2000 election.
this belief is no longer shared by apostates of the latter day saint movement, the community of christ (formerly the reorganized church of jesus christ of latter day saints).	this belief is no longer shared by second largest breakoff of the latter day saint movement, the community of christ (formerly the reorganized church of jesus christ of latter day saints).
"the hit single ""mrs. robinson"" was included in the band's first and only soundtrack, the graduate, and was later also included on their fourth studio album bookends, which was released on april 3, 1968. it peaked at number one in both the us and uk, therefore becoming their first number one album, and received two-times multi-platinum in the us."	"the single ""mrs. robinson"" was included in the band's first and only soundtrack, the graduate, and was later also included on their fourth studio album bookends, which was released on april 3, 1968. it peaked at number one in both the us and uk, therefore becoming their first number one album, and received two-times multi-platinum in the us."
the only other test cricketers with a first-class average of under four runs an innings are infamous new zealander chris martin, south african alf hall and glamorgan pacemen jeff jones.	the only other test cricketers with a first-class average of under four runs an innings are new zealander chris martin, south african alf hall and glamorgan pacemen jeff jones.
miss you like crazy is a beautiful song recorded by natalie cole and released in 1989 from the album good to be back.	miss you like crazy is a song recorded by natalie cole and released in 1989 from the album good to be back.
november 26 – national assembly of azerbaijan abolishes the autonomous status of nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast of azerbaijan and renames several cities back to their original names.	november 26 – national assembly of azerbaijan abolishes the autonomous status of nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast of azerbaijan and renames several cities back to their azeri names.
bashar entered the military academy at homs, north of damascus, following the death of basil, and was propelled through the ranks to become a colonel in january 1999. during his distinguished military career the troops under his command often referred to him as the guardian hunter.	bashar entered the military academy at homs, north of damascus, following the death of basil, and was propelled through the ranks to become a colonel in january 1999. during his military career the troops under his command often referred to him as the guardian hunter.
however , this reluctance to accept the existence of matriarchies might be based on a specific, culturally biased notion of how to define 'matriarchy': because in a patriarchy 'men rule over women', a matriarchy has frequently been conceptualized as 'women ruling over men', whereas in reality women-centered societies are - largely without exception - egalitarian.	according to heide goettner-abendroth , this reluctance to accept the existence of matriarchies might be based on a specific, culturally biased notion of how to define 'matriarchy': because in a patriarchy 'men rule over women', a matriarchy has frequently been conceptualized as 'women ruling over men', whereas in reality women-centered societies are - largely without exception - egalitarian.
he reveals himself as mickey and kills derek.	the killer reveals himself as mickey and kills derek.
it was the first time the olympics were held in a socialist country.	it was the first time the olympics were held in a communist country.
electricity may be supplied by a variety of methods including; batteries, ground power cables, solar cells, ultracapacitors, fuel cells and even power beaming.	electricity may be supplied by a variety of methods including; batteries, ground power cables, solar cells, ultracapacitors, fuel cells and power beaming.
isabel de warenne, countess of surrey (c.1130 c.1203) was an english peeress .	isabel de warenne, countess of surrey (c.1130 c.1203) was an english peer .
the bloodbath at pentecost 1063	the confrontation at pentecost 1063
ian rowland is a maths teacher at a terrific secondary college	ian rowland is a maths teacher at a secondary college
redirect 1948 arabisraeli war	redirect 1948 palestine war
in the early 1970s, it became apparent that burger was not going to turn the clock back on the rulings of the warren court, as the court issued rulings supporting forced busing to reduce de facto racial segregation in schools and invalidating all death penalty laws then in force, although burger dissented from the latter decision.	in the early 1970s, it became apparent that burger was not going to turn the clock back on the rulings of the warren court, as the court issued rulings supporting busing to reduce de facto racial segregation in schools and invalidating all death penalty laws then in force, although burger dissented from the latter decision.
"according to the hamas, the qassam rocket was first developed by nidal fat'hi rabah farahat and produced under the direction of adnan al-ghoul, known as the ""father of the qassam,"" who was assassinated by the israeli army in october 2004."	"according to the hamas, the qassam rocket was first developed by nidal fat'hi rabah farahat and produced under the direction of adnan al-ghoul, known as the ""father of the qassam,"" who was killed by the israeli army in october 2004."
in 325, the first council of nicaea convened in response to the threat of arianism; in order to encapsulate the basic tenets of the christian belief, it promulgated a creed which became the basis of what is now known as the nicene creed.	in 325, the first council of nicaea convened in response to the rise of arianism; in order to encapsulate the basic tenets of the christian belief, it promulgated a creed which became the basis of what is now known as the nicene creed.
although this view continues to be held by traditionalist christians and jews, it has been discredited by critical scholars.	although this view continues to be held by traditionalist christians and jews, it has been dismissed by critical scholars.
cody rhodes looks on angrily as the referee admonishes william regal during a bout in late 2007	cody rhodes looks on as the referee admonishes william regal during a bout in late 2007
white's sophomore season was a stunning success, as he led the acc in scoring, becoming the first wake forest player to do so since 1983. he recorded his first career hat-trick against the university of richmond during this season.	white's sophomore season was a success, as he led the acc in scoring, becoming the first wake forest player to do so since 1983. he recorded his first career hat-trick against the university of richmond during this season.
delusions of gender: fine exposes the flaws in popularized scientific findings presented as evidence of hardwired, inherent differences in interests that are often taken to explain present-day inequalities between men and women.	delusions of gender: fine discusses what she considers as the flaws in popularized scientific findings presented as evidence of hardwired, inherent differences in interests that are often taken to explain present-day inequalities between men and women.
15,483 bones pieces, which were excavated at shikarpur and studied at archeology laboratory, deccan college pune reveal interesting details about subsistence patterns of harappans.	15,483 bones pieces, which were excavated at shikarpur and studied at archeology laboratory, deccan college pune reveal details about subsistence patterns of harappans.
alex gonzaga (actress, comedienne , tv host, book author)	alex gonzaga (actress, comedian , tv host, book author)
happy tree friends: false alarm the video game is a forthcoming video game based on the popular flash cartoon series happy tree friends developed by independent software developers stainless games.	happy tree friends: false alarm the video game is a forthcoming video game based on the flash cartoon series happy tree friends developed by independent software developers stainless games.
johnson had indeed inherited the earth: he had meanwhile become a massive commercial magnet and in canada, the desertion of wayne gretzky from edmonton for the los angeles kings would ensure that he became the foremost national sporting treasure.	johnson had indeed inherited the earth: he had meanwhile become a massive commercial magnet and in canada, the trade of wayne gretzky from edmonton for the los angeles kings would ensure that he became the foremost national sporting treasure.
the consortium for it software quality (cisq) is an it industry leadership group comprising it executives from the global 2000, systems integrators, outsourced service providers, and software technology vendors committed to making improvements in the quality of it application software.	the consortium for it software quality (cisq) is an it industry group comprising it executives from the global 2000, systems integrators, outsourced service providers, and software technology vendors committed to making improvements in the quality of it application software.
koken's mother, helen hawkins koken pickel, was a classical pianist and a beloved kindergarten teacher.	koken's mother, helen hawkins koken pickel, was a classical pianist and a kindergarten teacher.
patriotic europeans against the islamisation of the west , abbreviated pegida or pegida, is a right-wing movement founded in dresden in october 2014 that promotes anti- muslim political positions.	patriotic europeans against the islamisation of the west , abbreviated pegida or pegida, is a right-wing movement founded in dresden in october 2014 that promotes anti- islamic extremism and political positions.
"silas weir mitchell (born silas weir mitchell neilson september 30, 1969) is an american character actor best known for starring as charles ""haywire"" patoshik in the fox television series prison break, and monroe in the nbc television series grimm."	"silas weir mitchell (born silas weir mitchell neilson september 30, 1969) is an american character actor known for starring as charles ""haywire"" patoshik in the fox television series prison break, and monroe in the nbc television series grimm."
it also included the return to ireland of the treaty ports which had been occupied under a provision of the 1921 treaty.	it also included the return to ireland of the treaty ports which had been retained by britain under a provision of the 1921 treaty.
"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was wrongfully convicted of murder and later freed via a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."	"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was wrongly convicted of murder and later freed via a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."
because the word was brought into use as a response to a large amount of art in the 19th century where the aesthetic of art work was confused with a sense of exaggerated sentimentality or melodrama, kitsch is most closely associated with art that is sentimental; however, it can be used to refer to any type of art that is deficient for similar reasonswhether it tries to appear sentimental, glamorous, theatrical, or creative, kitsch is said to be a gesture imitative of the superficial appearances of art.	because the word was brought into use as a response to a large amount of art in the 19th century where the aesthetic of art work was associated with a sense of exaggerated sentimentality or melodrama, kitsch is most closely associated with art that is sentimental; however, it can be used to refer to any type of art that is deficient for similar reasonswhether it tries to appear sentimental, glamorous, theatrical, or creative, kitsch is said to be a gesture imitative of the superficial appearances of art.
its buildings were regrettably demolished to make way for a new residential development.	its buildings were demolished to make way for a new residential development.
alexis is the niece of actress/ comedienne catherine o'hara and singer, composer and artist mary margaret o'hara.	alexis is the niece of actress/ comedian catherine o'hara and singer, composer and artist mary margaret o'hara.
this show revolves around the beautiful relationships between the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law,wife and husband,babhi and devar,three brothers and one sister.	this show revolves around the relationships between the mother-in-law and daughter-in-law,wife and husband,babhi and devar,three brothers and one sister.
the european court of justice's advocate general subsequently said that the eu's plan to tighten rules on the sale of vitamins and food supplements should be scrapped, but was eventually overruled by the european court, which decided that the measures in question were necessary and appropriate for the purpose of protecting public health.	the european court of justice's advocate general subsequently said that the eu's plan to tighten rules on the sale of vitamins and food supplements should be scrapped, but was overruled by the european court, which decided that the measures in question were necessary and appropriate for the purpose of protecting public health.
she performed patrols against aggression by any icelandic vessels.	she performed patrols against harrassment on fishing boats by any icelandic vessels.
the film is centered around a group of young women who take to the streets of new york city as they protest the many legal and cultural taboos regarding female breasts by way of publicity stunts, graffiti installations, and first amendment lawyers.	the film is centered around a group of young women who take to the streets of new york city as they protest the legal and cultural taboos regarding female breasts by way of publicity stunts, graffiti installations, and first amendment lawyers.
on the morning of february 2nd, 2014, between 7:30-7:45, the steel support cables that stretched from end-to-end of stadium that held together the infamous roof were severed, as construction crews set off a simultaneous set of 42 explosive charges that detached the cables from the concrete structure.	on the morning of february 2nd, 2014, between 7:30-7:45, the steel support cables that stretched from end-to-end of stadium that held together the roof were severed, as construction crews set off a simultaneous set of 42 explosive charges that detached the cables from the concrete structure.
as a divine command theorist, craig believes god had the moral right to command the slaughter of the canaanites if they refused to leave their land, as depicted in the book of deuteronomy.	as a divine command theorist, craig believes god had the moral right to command the killing of the canaanites if they refused to leave their land, as depicted in the book of deuteronomy.
this type of reaction forms the basis of titration methods for analysing acids, where a ph indicator shows the point of neutralization.	this type of reaction forms the basis of titration methods for analyzing acids, where a ph indicator shows the point of neutralization.
the group gained publicity in the spring 2006 when it published the infamous muhammad-cartoons on its web site.	the group gained publicity in the spring 2006 when it published the muhammad-cartoons on its web site.
he began his career as a musical director and conductor for diva lainie kazan in 1976 before moving on to similar roles with singer/actresses ann-margret and connie stevens.	he began his career as a musical director and conductor for lainie kazan in 1976 before moving on to similar roles with singer/actresses ann-margret and connie stevens.
this effort was a practical extension of the fact that rimsky-korsakov's early works had been under the horrible scrutiny of balakirev and that the members of the mighty handful during the 1860s and 1870s experienced each other's compositions-in-progress and even collaborated at times.	this effort was a practical extension of the fact that rimsky-korsakov's early works had been under the intense scrutiny of balakirev and that the members of the mighty handful during the 1860s and 1870s experienced each other's compositions-in-progress and even collaborated at times.
in addition, fuduntu includes the jupiter power management applet (also developed by andrew wyatt), for convenient adjustment of cpu performance settings, screen output and resolution, etc.	in addition, fuduntu includes the jupiter power management applet (also developed by andrew wyatt), for easy adjustment of cpu performance settings, screen output and resolution, etc.
she is a graduate of the american academy of dramatic arts in new york city, and recipient of the prestigious charles jehlinger award for excellence in acting.	she is a graduate of the american academy of dramatic arts in new york city, and recipient of the charles jehlinger award for excellence in acting.
fome zero is considered by the opposition ( mostly the psdb and dem parties) as a failure, due to the government's inability to manage the program effectively.	fome zero is considered by the opposition ( especially the psdb and dem parties) as a failure, due to the government's inability to manage the program effectively.
(after jennings) until julia collins won 20 games in 2014; his dollar winnings in regular games are still the second-highest, after jennings and slightly ahead of collins.	(after jennings) until collins won 20 games in 2014; his dollar winnings in regular games are still the second-highest, after jennings and slightly ahead of collins.
in march 1913, during the first balkan war, the greek army captured ioannina after breaching the ottoman fortifications at bizani, and soon afterwards advanced further north.	in march 1913, during the first balkan war, the greek army entered ioannina after breaching the ottoman fortifications at bizani, and soon afterwards advanced further north.
this pretense is confirmed by the website of the university.	this claim is confirmed by the website of the university.
despite only making up 8.4% of the uk population, scotland generates 9.6% of uk revenues and receives 9.3% back from westminster .	despite only making up 8.4% of the uk population, scotland generates 9.6% of uk revenues and receives 9.3% back from the uk government .
unfortunately , the experiment failed, and the population grew in the households using the abacus.	however , the experiment failed, and the population grew in the households using the abacus.
djimi traores bizarre own-goal handed championship side burnley a deserved 1-0 victory over premiership giants liverpool in the third round of the 2004-05 fa cup, and also forced viewers to wonder whether his attempt to perform a combination of a zinedine zidane drag-back and a cruijff turn on the edge of his own six-yard box characterised a certain premiership haughtiness towards humble opposition.	djimi traores bizarre own-goal handed championship side burnley a 1-0 victory over premiership giants liverpool in the third round of the 2004-05 fa cup, and also forced viewers to wonder whether his attempt to perform a combination of a zinedine zidane drag-back and a cruijff turn on the edge of his own six-yard box characterised a certain premiership haughtiness towards humble opposition.
"he chronicles his drunken sexual encounters and outrageous behavior in the form of ""gonzo"" short stories on his website."	"he chronicles his drunken sexual encounters and behavior in the form of ""gonzo"" short stories on his website."
he even said it was god's plan that he not be married or have a family so that he could be in a position to carry out such an attack.	he also said it was god's plan that he not be married or have a family so that he could be in a position to carry out such an attack.
ramesh ponnuru- american conservative political writer who wrote the party of death, attacking the pro- abortion lobby in the united states.	ramesh ponnuru- american conservative political writer who wrote the party of death, attacking the pro- choice lobby in the united states.
allegations and decline : 1993–2002	allegations and further career : 1993–2002
the kansas city chiefs are a worthless professional american football team based in kansas city, missouri.	the kansas city chiefs are a professional american football team based in kansas city, missouri.
"michel foucault showed the popular historical and political use of a non-essentialist notion of ""race"" used in the ""race struggle"" discourse during the 1688 glorious revolution and under louis xiv's end of reign."	"michel foucault argued the popular historical and political use of a non-essentialist notion of ""race"" used in the ""race struggle"" discourse during the 1688 glorious revolution and under louis xiv's end of reign."
although israel believed egypt wanted to destroy the state of israel, egypt's goal for the war was to cross the suez canal, conquer part of the sinai and force israel to the negotiation table.	although israel believed egypt wanted to destroy the state of israel, egypt's goal for the war was to cross the suez canal, recapture part of the sinai and force israel to the negotiation table.
a united kingdom-based metal detector formum	a united kingdom-based metal detector forum
"six days after rigoberto's murder , the u.s. government gave the federal air marshals expanded powers to ""identify suspicious passengers."""	"six days after rigoberto's death , the u.s. government gave the federal air marshals expanded powers to ""identify suspicious passengers."""
from june 19 to 23, 2000, nato, the european commission and the universit di siena sponsored a nato advanced research workshop which brought together 75 of the current tip growth investigators for a focused exchange of information and ideas on this fascinating topic.	from june 19 to 23, 2000, nato, the european commission and the universit di siena sponsored a nato advanced research workshop which brought together 75 of the current tip growth investigators for a focused exchange of information and ideas on this topic.
however , in the mid-twentieth century a combination of cultural, linguistic, and artistic revival along with intense scholarly scrutiny and the continuing fascination and support of an educated and empathetic public led to a renewal and extension of this moribund artistic tradition.	fortunately , in the mid-twentieth century a combination of cultural, linguistic, and artistic revival along with intense scholarly scrutiny and the continuing fascination and support of an educated and empathetic public led to a renewal and extension of this moribund artistic tradition.
"claiming ""serious harm"" to the united states economy and the exemption of ""80 percent of the world, including major population centers"" like china and india, from the treaty, george w. bush contends that the kyoto protocol is an unfair and ineffective means of addressing global climate change concerns."	"indicating ""serious harm"" to the united states economy and the exemption of ""80 percent of the world, including major population centers"" like china and india, from the treaty, george w. bush contends that the kyoto protocol is an unfair and ineffective means of addressing global climate change concerns."
the israeli army eventually retreated in 2000, but only to see syria fill the void from positions it had held in northern lebanon since the mid-70s.	the israeli army eventually withdrew in 2000, but only to see syria fill the void from positions it had held in northern lebanon since the mid-70s.
susan e. isaacs, actor comedienne and author	susan e. isaacs, actor , comedian and author
in 1959, harold macmillan had made his famous winds of change speech where he acknowledged that the best option for britain was to give complete freedom to its colonies.	in 1959, harold macmillan had made his famous winds of change speech where he acknowledged that the best option for britain was to give complete independence to its colonies.
professor rob frieden of penn state university offers an assessment of the network neutrality debate with emphasis on the business and operational orientations of managers of telephone and data carriers' physical networks.	professor rob frieden of pennsylvania state university offers an assessment of the network neutrality debate with emphasis on the business and operational orientations of managers of telephone and data carriers' physical networks.
lipschutz astounding career as a forex trader may have started by accident.	lipschutz career as a forex trader may have started by accident.
"one in particular, the infamous ""terror widows"" cartoon, ridiculed the apparent greed of widows of men who were killed in the september 11 attack."	"one in particular, the ""terror widows"" cartoon, ridiculed the apparent greed of widows of men who were killed in the september 11 attack."
"his novel robot, which contains a fascinating theory about lesser and greater entities, was dubbed ""the most valuable polish sf publication of years 1945-1975""."	"his novel robot, which contains a theory about lesser and greater entities, was dubbed ""the most valuable polish sf publication of years 1945-1975""."
sardine is cheaper in kerala (compared to larger fish like the seer or pomfret) making it a common man 's delicacy.	sardine is cheaper in kerala (compared to larger fish like the seer or pomfret) making it a common person 's delicacy.
a number of expeditions followed, and in 1975, he summited everest via the south west face, as part of the second assault team, on an expedition on which fellow climber mick burke was tragically killed.	a number of expeditions followed, and in 1975, he summited everest via the south west face, as part of the second assault team, on an expedition on which fellow climber mick burke was killed.
hezbollah or hezb-allah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese terrorist group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.	hezbollah or hezb-allah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese militant group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.
such of their enemies as cherished the hope that the bourbons would hasten to undo the good work of the revolution with regard to the jews were soon disappointed.	such of their enemies as cherished the hope that the bourbons would hasten to undo the work of the revolution with regard to the jews were soon disappointed.
they were supported in their efforts by a number of gilded age luminaires and morristown residents including theodore roosevelt, governor of new york at the time and later president of the united states; publisher charles scribner of scribner's; john jacob astor; charles francis adams, jr., president of the union pacific railroad; joseph h. choate, the american ambassador to the court of st. james from 1899 to 1905; hamilton mckeown twombly; larz anderson, an american ambassador to japan in the taft administration and for whom the washington, d.c. headquarters of the society of the cincinnati is named; charles c. beaman, a prominent new york lawyer; j. gardner cassatt, brother of the painter mary cassatt; and henry lee higginson, who also established the boston symphony orchestra.	they were supported in their efforts by a number of gilded age personalities and morristown residents including theodore roosevelt, governor of new york at the time and later president of the united states; publisher charles scribner of scribner's; john jacob astor; charles francis adams, jr., president of the union pacific railroad; joseph h. choate, the american ambassador to the court of st. james from 1899 to 1905; hamilton mckeown twombly; larz anderson, an american ambassador to japan in the taft administration and for whom the washington, d.c. headquarters of the society of the cincinnati is named; charles c. beaman, a prominent new york lawyer; j. gardner cassatt, brother of the painter mary cassatt; and henry lee higginson, who also established the boston symphony orchestra.
aion: the tower of eternity (commonly referred to as aion)(korean: ) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) in development by ncsoft that seamlessly combines pvp and pve in a fantasy setting.	aion: the tower of eternity (commonly referred to as aion)(korean: ) is a massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) in development by ncsoft that combines pvp and pve in a fantasy setting.
the united states central intelligence agency (cia) has been involved in several drug trafficking operations.	the united states central intelligence agency (cia) is alleged to have been involved in several drug trafficking operations.
awsna, the accrediting organization for all waldorf schools in north america, clearly states on their web page:	awsna, the accrediting organization for all waldorf schools in north america, states on their web page:
the scornful phrase is used to suggest that stages of embracing and extending are only prefaces to extinguishing or supplanting existing work, perhaps with less effective standards or work.	the phrase is used to suggest that stages of embracing and extending are only prefaces to extinguishing or supplanting existing work, perhaps with less effective standards or work.
other buildings were made: the theater of marcellus, the temple for isis (from around the time of caligula), the baths and bridge by nero and pompey's theatre where the infamous julius caesar was murdered by marcus brutus, then later buried at the base of the pantheon.	other buildings were made: the theater of marcellus, the temple for isis (from around the time of caligula), the baths and bridge by nero and pompey's theatre where the julius caesar was murdered by marcus brutus, then later buried at the base of the pantheon.
unfortunately , soon after the end of the 2007 season, the team folded as had been predicted in local newspapers after many businesses involved with the hawks were filing lawsuits to try and receive payment for services rendered.	nonetheless , soon after the end of the 2007 season, the team folded as had been predicted in local newspapers after many businesses involved with the hawks were filing lawsuits to try and receive payment for services rendered.
additionally in cambodia 70% of women brought to rescue centres to learn new skills leave as soon as they are allowed to and 40% return to prostitution.	in cambodia 70% of women brought to rescue centres to learn new skills leave as soon as they are allowed to and 40% return to prostitution.
he is infamous for his drawings depicting erotic and satanic themes.	he is noted for his drawings depicting erotic and satanic themes.
another futuristic sci-fi adventure, it was based on the implausible premise that a huge thermonuclear explosion on the moon's surface (caused by dumping of nuclear waste) projected it out of orbit and into interstellar space.	another futuristic sci-fi adventure, it was based on the premise that a huge thermonuclear explosion on the moon's surface (caused by dumping of nuclear waste) projected it out of orbit and into interstellar space.
bernard lewis notes that classical islamic civilization granted free muslim women relatively more property rights than women in the west, even as it sanctified three basic inequalities between master and slave, man and woman, believer and unbeliever.	bernard lewis says that classical islamic civilization granted free muslim women relatively more property rights than women in the west, even as it sanctified three basic inequalities between master and slave, man and woman, believer and unbeliever.
ethnic indian voters, frustrated with the mic's slavish acceptance of umno's 'bumiputra policy' and doubts about integrity of mic's leadership, appear to have withdrawn their electoral support of the mic and other bn coalition parties like umno, mca, people's progressive party (ppp) and gerakan in favour of the opposition democratic action party (dap), people's justice party (pkr) and the pan malaysian islamic party (pas).	ethnic indian voters, frustrated with the mic's acceptance of umno's 'bumiputra policy' and doubts about integrity of mic's leadership, appear to have withdrawn their electoral support of the mic and other bn coalition parties like umno, mca, people's progressive party (ppp) and gerakan in favour of the opposition democratic action party (dap), people's justice party (pkr) and the pan malaysian islamic party (pas).
there, bren sights the new turrican fighting suits, which are built of the most advanced technology known to mankind .	there, bren sights the new turrican fighting suits, which are built of the most advanced technology known to humankind .
she was best-known for her long-running role in the sitcom designing women (1986-1993).	she was best-known for her role in the sitcom designing women (1986-1993).
as more immigrants and liberals settle in orange county, there are signs that the longtime republican monopoly is beginning to falter.	as more immigrants and democrats settle in orange county, there are signs that the longtime republican monopoly is beginning to falter.
"he followed up with the hit ""she's all i ever had"" which impressively peaked at #2 on the billboard hot 100. this album became one of the top-selling albums of 1999, and was certified 7 times platinum, selling over 22 million copies worldwide to date."	"he followed up with the hit ""she's all i ever had"" which peaked at #2 on the billboard hot 100. this album became one of the top-selling albums of 1999, and was certified 7 times platinum, selling over 22 million copies worldwide to date."
bollywood movies, however, have been highly popular in pakistan and india's biggest bollywood movie star shah rukh khan has advocated india-pakistan reconciliation.	bollywood movies, however, have been highly popular in pakistan and india's bollywood movie star shah rukh khan has advocated india-pakistan reconciliation.
the song is essentially a clever megamix of duran duran's history, featuring tidbits of all of the band's hits of the previous ten years.	the song is essentially a megamix of duran duran's history, featuring tidbits of all of the band's hits of the previous ten years.
evidence for shakespeare's authorship	the case for shakespeare's authorship
the obama campaign has strongly denied these accusations via their website and pointed to blackwell's involvement in the irregularities reported in ohio during the 2004 presidential election.	the obama campaign has denied these accusations via their website and pointed to blackwell's involvement in the irregularities reported in ohio during the 2004 presidential election.
panda was used by nba legend shaquille o'neal as his wrestlemania 32 entrance music.	panda was used by nba player shaquille o'neal as his wrestlemania 32 entrance music.
one of his pseudoscientific ideas that is considered most crucial for the understanding of his theology is his notion of correspondences.	one of his ideas that is considered most crucial for the understanding of his theology is his notion of correspondences.
he is the executive producer, writer and host of the bravo cable television series inside the actors studio, which debuted in 1994. he is also a pilot and devoted member of the aircraft owners and pilots association.	he is the executive producer, writer and host of the bravo cable television series inside the actors studio, which debuted in 1994. he is also a pilot and member of the aircraft owners and pilots association.
based on the number of participating athletes, bandy is the world's second most popular winter sport after ice hockey.	based on the number of participating athletes, bandy is the world's second most exerted winter sport after ice hockey.
john carstares, a member of the extreme covenanting party of protestors.	john carstares, a member of the covenanting party of protestors.
initially successful in this aim, and establishing the crusader states, these gains were later reversed by subsequent muslim generals such as saladin, who recaptured jerusalem in 1187.	initially successful in this aim, and establishing the crusader states, these acquisitions were later reversed by subsequent muslim generals such as saladin, who recaptured jerusalem in 1187.
in addition, there were at least five or six other prominent lawsuits involving basically the same issue.	in addition, there were at least five or six other lawsuits involving basically the same issue.
previous flights between the two countries required a connections at hong kong, and doubled the travel times.	previous flights between the two regions required a connections at hong kong, and doubled the travel times.
an apple watch on a girl 's wrist	an apple watch on a human 's wrist
modern radical scholars eg the jesus seminar do not agree on these points, stating that the author of luke was anonymous.	radical scholars eg the jesus seminar do not agree on these points, stating that the author of luke was anonymous.
mobile has good antebellum examples of greek revival, gothic revival, italianate, and creole cottage.	mobile has numerous antebellum examples of greek revival, gothic revival, italianate, and creole cottage.
like other forms of unwanted bulk messaging, it is named for spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam is depicted as ubiquitous and unavoidable.	like other forms of unwanted messaging, it is named for spam luncheon meat by way of a monty python sketch in which spam is depicted as ubiquitous and unavoidable.
bombardment of algiers (august 27 1816) - an attempt by britain to end the terrible slavery practices of the dey of algiers.	bombardment of algiers (august 27 1816) - an attempt by britain to end the slavery practices of the dey of algiers.
the slur 's first usage appears in 1878, originally as chinkie.	the word 's first usage appears in 1878, originally as chinkie.
an intriguing side note to the story is that hemmes, who came from a poor family and was himself impoverished, was able in 1919 to build a luxurious home for his family in rotterdam, which he later lost through incompetent business dealings.	an side note to the story is that hemmes, who came from a poor family and was himself impoverished, was able in 1919 to build a luxurious home for his family in rotterdam, which he later lost through incompetent business dealings.
the disciples of christ declare only one essential tenet of the faith: belief in jesus christ as lord and savior.	the disciples of christ declare only one essential tenet of the faith: belief in jesus as lord and savior.
the encryption is based on the controversial fairplay digital rights management (drm) system.	the encryption is based on the fairplay digital rights management (drm) system.
however, this supposedly turned out to be due to a misunderstanding on whether or not congressman luis fortuo was allowed to vote on leadership.	however, this turned out to be due to a misunderstanding on whether or not congressman luis fortuo was allowed to vote on leadership.
on november 16, 1998, gowan received the prestigious national achievement award from the society of composers, authors and music publishers of canada (socan).	on november 16, 1998, gowan received the national achievement award from the society of composers, authors and music publishers of canada (socan).
there is much evidence of jesus attested by the bible and the new testament apocrypha (works which some early christians, notably in the council of laodicea, chose not to include).	there is much evidence of jesus attested by the new testament and the new testament apocrypha (works which some early christians, notably in the council of laodicea, chose not to include).
hasan martyred at the young age of 27 on january 4, 874, by poison.	hasan died at the young age of 27 on january 4, 874, by poison.
he soon attracted a rabid following, due not only to his fast talking style, but also for his obvious love of his native city.	he soon attracted a cult following, due not only to his fast talking style, but also for his obvious love of his native city.
an innovative feature of the ocga is that, as stated in section 1-1-1, the privately prepared code annotations are officially merged into the official copy and are published under the authority of the state.	an unusual feature of the ocga is that, as stated in section 1-1-1, the privately prepared code annotations are officially merged into the official copy and are published under the authority of the state.
in 2009, warp films released a long-awaited feature length documentary about the festival named all tomorrow's parties.	in 2009, warp films released a feature length documentary about the festival named all tomorrow's parties.
he ended up having a footnote in the history of holocaust denial: it was he who gave the manuscripts of adolf eichmann to the english pseudo-historian david irving.	he ended up having a footnote in the history of holocaust denial: it was he who gave the manuscripts of adolf eichmann to the english writer david irving.
"''dog and cat killing fields of china' - graphic youtube animal rights propaganda video depicting the fur trade of china, russia and germany and ""countercommentary on this film"""	"''dog and cat killing fields of china' - graphic youtube animal rights video depicting the fur trade of china, russia and germany and ""countercommentary on this film"""
at least 200,000 people lost their lives as a result of soviet influences in romania between 1948 and 1964.	at least 200,000 people lost their lives as a result of communist influences in romania between 1948 and 1964.
"while the croatian military inflicted a heavy blow on the so-called ""krajina"" and liberated a relatively large section of croatian territory, it failed to completely remove the threat towards the dalmatian cities."	"while the croatian military inflicted a heavy blow on the so-called ""krajina"" and retook a relatively large section of croatian territory, it failed to completely remove the threat towards the dalmatian cities."
outside the united states, hippie culture has remained more visible as a countercultural movement.	outside the united states, hippie culture has remained visible as a countercultural movement.
poly-mva is an ineffective alternative cancer treatment.	poly-mva is an alternative cancer treatment.
the schools also use the students as conduits for spreading rss propaganda .	the schools also use the students as conduits for spreading rss ideology .
he is universally regarded as one of the greatest—and most controversial—players in the history of the game.	he is regarded as one of the greatest—and most controversial—players in the history of the game.
a republican investigator of the controversy stated the prc plan targeted both presidential and congressional united states elections, while democratic senators claimed the evidence showed the prc targeted only congressional elections.	a republican investigator of the controversy stated the prc plan targeted both presidential and congressional united states elections, while democratic senators said the evidence showed the prc targeted only congressional elections.
some sources have estimated that thousands of armenian and greek civilians died when the turkish army liberated smyrna in addition to the thousands of turkish civilians killed during the fire.	some sources have estimated that thousands of armenian and greek civilians died when the turkish army reoccupied smyrna in addition to the thousands of turkish civilians killed during the fire.
despite heroic defence of some of the ramparts, notably fort 54 and fort 56, after the first day the outer line of polish defences had been breached by russian infantry and artillery.	despite staunch defence of some of the ramparts, notably fort 54 and fort 56, after the first day the outer line of polish defences had been breached by russian infantry and artillery.
the adl files spying controversy	the adl files controversy
satellite imagery also picked up unusual activity on the iraq-syria border before and during the invasion.	satellite imagery also picked up activity on the iraq-syria border before and during the invasion.
"he writes frequent columns for casino gaming magazines and newsletters, teaches seminars on advanced gambling techniques such as dice control and card counting, and in 2003 was referred to by the chicago tribune as ""a widely published authority on casino games."""	"he writes frequent columns for casino gaming magazines and newsletters, teaches seminars on gambling techniques such as dice control and card counting, and in 2003 was referred to by the chicago tribune as ""a widely published authority on casino games."""
famous architects argue that the rebuilding of the tuileries would allow the re-establishment of the harmony of these two different axes.	architects argue that the rebuilding of the tuileries would allow the re-establishment of the harmony of these two different axes.
some, such as monsma, et al., connect these ideas to the abdication of god as a higher moral authority.	some, such as monsma, et al., connect these ideas to the abdication of religion as a higher moral authority.
because of the incessant persecution or opposition to homosexuality in many world cultures throughout history, lgbt individuals have often turned to literature as a source of validation, understanding, and beautification of same-sex attraction.	because of the persecution or opposition to homosexuality in many world cultures throughout history, lgbt individuals have often turned to literature as a source of validation, understanding, and beautification of same-sex attraction.
"the euston manifesto ( ""yoosten"") is a declaration of principles by a group of left-wing academics, journalists, and activists based in the united kingdom."	"the euston manifesto ( ""yoosten"") is a declaration of principles by a group of academics, journalists, and activists based in the united kingdom."
reputed location of the plates during translation	location of the plates during translation
melbourne storm halfback cooper cronk played in his sixth grand final after having previously featured in every premiership decider his club have reached since 2006. cronk, will chambers, cameron smith, jesse bromwich, and kevin proctor were the last remaining members of their last premiership winning team in 2012. the cronulla sharks boasted six players with previous grand final experience in luke lewis (2003), chris heighington (2005), matt prior (2010), ben barba, michael ennis (both 2012), and james maloney (2011 and 2013).	melbourne storm halfback cooper cronk played in his sixth grand final after having previously featured in every premiership decider his club have reached since 2006. cronk, will chambers, cameron smith, jesse bromwich, and kevin proctor were the last remaining members of their last premiership winning team in 2012. the cronulla sharks had six players with previous grand final experience in luke lewis (2003), chris heighington (2005), matt prior (2010), ben barba, michael ennis (both 2012), and james maloney (2011 and 2013).
the game repeats with increased difficulty until the player loses all his lives.	the game repeats with increased difficulty until the player loses all of their lives.
however, he refutes the comparison to mother teresa by saying that he has never tried to follow a lifestyle of dedicated self-sacrifice .	however, he denies the comparison to mother teresa by saying that he has never tried to follow a lifestyle of dedicated self-sacrifice .
it is also a neuroprotective therapeutic nutrient that is confusingly categorized as an illegal drug in a number of countries.	it is also a neuroprotective therapeutic nutrient that is categorized as an illegal drug in a number of countries.
brilliant orator and journalist, he was one of the founders of the portuguese socialist party and one of its first leaders.	orator and journalist, he was one of the founders of the portuguese socialist party and one of its first leaders.
the bill was also released in the us with the first series, sadly at the moment no further series are planned for release.	the bill was also released in the us with the first series, but at the moment no further series are planned for release.
the royal pavilion is a splendid palace built in brighton, east sussex, in the 19th century as a seaside retreat for the then prince regent.	the royal pavilion is a palace built in brighton, east sussex, in the 19th century as a seaside retreat for the then prince regent.
jamal's cousin adnan was later claimed to be the kidnapper who shot and killed five of the hostages tied up in one of the helicopters.	jamal's cousin adnan was later claimed to be the hostage-taker who shot and killed five of the hostages tied up in one of the helicopters.
while some other party officials were, like merkel, also elected with scores over 90% to the cdu executive board at a party convention in december 2014, von der leyen received only 70.5%.	while some other party officials were, like merkel, also elected with scores over 90% to the cdu executive board at a party convention in december 2014, von der leyen received 70.5%.
in this update, however, he finally acknowledges the possibility of penrose-hameroff microtubule quantum processing (orch-or) and states that if his calculations of the processing capability of the brain are off by a factor of a billion, the double-exponential growth of technology will still catch up to it twenty-four years after his original projections.	in this update, however, he acknowledges the possibility of penrose-hameroff microtubule quantum processing (orch-or) and states that if his calculations of the processing capability of the brain are off by a factor of a billion, the double-exponential growth of technology will still catch up to it twenty-four years after his original projections.
the first floor has a beautiful view of the turia garden that surrounds it; which is over 13,500 square meters of water.	the first floor has a view of the turia garden that surrounds it; which is over 13,500 square meters of water.
he served as director of overseas intelligence for the office of war information in world war ii and also wrote several interesting works intersecting cognition, psychology and philosophy.	he served as director of overseas intelligence for the office of war information in world war ii and also wrote several works intersecting cognition, psychology and philosophy.
"sikh dharma, also called ""sikh dharma international,"" is a pseudosikh religious organization established by harbhajan singh yogiji, popularly known as yogi bhajan in the united states in the early 1970s."	"sikh dharma, also called ""sikh dharma international,"" is a religious organization established by harbhajan singh yogiji, popularly known as yogi bhajan in the united states in the early 1970s."
the coca-cola company has insisted that its products are tested for pesticides and must meet minimum health standards before they are distributed.	the coca-cola company has responded by noting that its plants filter water to remove potential contaminants and that its products are tested for pesticides and must meet minimum health standards before they are distributed.
a firearm can be used primarily as a tool, not as a weapon , to project either single or multiple objects at high velocity through a controlled explosion.	a firearm can be used primarily as a tool, instead of as a weapon, to project either single or multiple objects at high velocity through a controlled explosion.
"according to the pro-homosexual group, ontario consultants on religious tolerance, groups that practice ""conversion therapies"" claim high success rates, as high as 70% in some cases, these studies are usually not presented to peer groups for evaluation, and often lack much data when published, however when these claims are investigated by means of scientific studies based on available data, they actually have a success rate of only 0.4 to 0.6%, which is statistically zero, and it should be noted that the success rate could even be lower if the study only considered change of behavior, not change in desire."	"according to the group, ontario consultants on religious tolerance, groups that practice ""conversion therapies"" claim high success rates, as high as 70% in some cases, these studies are usually not presented to peer groups for evaluation, and often lack much data when published, however when these claims are investigated by means of scientific studies based on available data, they actually have a success rate of only 0.4 to 0.6%, which is statistically zero, and it should be noted that the success rate could even be lower if the study only considered change of behavior, not change in desire."
of the 111 verses, the maximum numbers of 34 verses are to praise god; 32 deal with aurangzebs invitation for the guru to meet him and the guru's reluctance to meet the emperor - instead the guru asks aurangzeb to visit him; 24 verses detail the events in the battle of chamkaur, which took place on 22 december 1704; 15 verses reprove aurangzeb for breaking promise given by him and by his agents to the guru; in verses 78 and 79, guru gobind had also warned aurangzeb about the resolve of the khalsa not to rest till his evil empire is destroyed; 6 verses praise aurangzeb.	of the 111 verses, the maximum numbers of 34 verses are to praise god; 32 deal with aurangzebs invitation for the guru to meet him and the guru's reluctance to meet the emperor - instead the guru asks aurangzeb to visit him; 24 verses detail the events in the battle of chamkaur, which took place on 22 december 1704; 15 verses reprove aurangzeb for breaking promise given by him and by his agents to the guru; in verses 78 and 79, guru gobind had also warned aurangzeb about the resolve of the khalsa not to rest till his empire is destroyed; 6 verses praise aurangzeb.
5 jorgensen 21-19, 21-19 to reach the quarterfinals, but was defeated by lin dan in super exciting match by a score of 6-21, 21-11, and 18-21.	5 jorgensen 21-19, 21-19 to reach the quarterfinals, but was defeated by lin dan in an exciting match by a score of 6-21, 21-11, and 18-21.
some arguments commonly alleged to be zero-sum fallacies are:	some arguments commonly held to be zero-sum fallacies are:
capitalist money madness, a series of threads started by one particular poster endlessly linking the world's problems to money worship, and ignoring the rational arguments against his model put to him by other posters.	capitalist money madness, a series of threads started by one particular poster endlessly linking the world's problems to money worship, and ignoring the arguments against his model put to him by other posters.
allied academies is a reportedly -fraudulent corporation chartered under the laws of north carolina.	allied academies is a reportedly corporation chartered under the laws of north carolina.
deir al-balah, deir el-balah, deir elbalah, deir albalah (دير البلح) is located at the center of the gaza strip in palestine and is well-known for its beaches and palm trees.	deir al-balah, deir el-balah, deir elbalah, deir albalah (دير البلح) is located at the center of the gaza strip in palestinian territories and is well-known for its beaches and palm trees.
she was known for wearing big ugly glasses and having at one time been married to jack klugman.	she was known for wearing big glasses and having at one time been married to jack klugman.
after atlanta, sherman coolly dismissed the impact of gen. hood's attacks against his supply lines and sent george thomas to defeat him in the franklin-nashville campaign.	after atlanta, sherman dismissed the impact of gen. hood's attacks against his supply lines and sent george thomas to defeat him in the franklin-nashville campaign.
easier fingering of seventh chords	fingering of seventh chords
the southern poverty law center (splc) has identified vdare as a hate group.	the southern poverty law center (splc) has described vdare as a hate group.
"spielberg's munich pact , editorial critical of the movie from ""frontpage.com"" ( ultra-conservative website) ."	"spielberg's munich pact , editorial critical of the movie from ""frontpage.com"" ( conservative website) ."
in 1712, after the signing of the peace of szatmr, count krolyi started the settling of germans from upper schwabia (are between lake boden and danube).	in 1712, after the signing of the peace of szatmr, count krolyi started the settling of germans from upper swabia (are between lake boden and danube).
"an early such bible was rotherham's emphasized bible of 1902. the jehovah's witness new world translation consistently uses ""jehovah"", and even inserts it in to the new testament in place of the greek ""kurios"" in many places."	"an early such bible was rotherham's emphasized bible of 1902. the jehovah's witness new world translation consistently uses ""jehovah"", and inserts it in to the new testament in place of the greek ""kurios"" in many places."
cha was heavily criticized for subverting the bishops' authority.	cha was criticized for subverting the bishops' authority.
however, the evidence creationists have presented in support of flood geology has been evaluated, refuted and dismissed unequivocally by the scientific community, which considers such flood geology to be pseudoscience.	however, the evidence creationists have presented in support of flood geology has been evaluated, and dismissed unequivocally by the scientific community, which considers such flood geology to be pseudoscience.
after further light attacks on the police, the police invaded the field.	after further light attacks on the police, the police entered the field.
he has also published numerous humorous essays in the new yorker, and wrote the back-page column for national review, the conservative magazine founded by his father, until his resignation in october 2008 following his unexpected endorsement of a democrat, senator barack obama, for president of the united states.	he has also published numerous humorous essays in the new yorker, and wrote the back-page column for national review, the conservative magazine founded by his father, until his resignation in october 2008 following his endorsement of a democrat, senator barack obama, for president of the united states.
indian occupied baltistan (the district of kargil) which is disputed and claimed by pakistan is located in the north of the indian administered kashmir jammu and kashmir.	indian -controlled baltistan (the district of kargil) which is disputed and claimed by pakistan is located in the north of the indian administered kashmir jammu and kashmir.
huddersfield was incorporated as a municipal borough in the ancient west riding of yorkshire in 1868. the dreary borough comprised the parishes of almondbury, dalton, huddersfield, lindley cum quarmby and lockwood.	huddersfield was incorporated as a municipal borough in the ancient west riding of yorkshire in 1868. the borough comprised the parishes of almondbury, dalton, huddersfield, lindley cum quarmby and lockwood.
"the most common form of same-sex love between males in greece was ""paiderastia"" meaning ""boy love""."	"the most common form of same-sex relationships between males in greece was ""paiderastia"" meaning ""boy love""."
though he regretfully did not achieve his dream of a career as a military pilot he graduated from the moscow border communication college.	though he did not achieve his dream of a career as a military pilot he graduated from the moscow border communication college.
at present the most famous person from the town is comedienne /comic actress josie lawrence who has been the star of whose line is it anyway?, eastenders and has topped the bill in london's westend.	at present the most famous person from the town is comedian /comic actress josie lawrence who has been the star of whose line is it anyway?, eastenders and has topped the bill in london's westend.
a sequence depicting arsenal gear's symbolic displacement of the statue of liberty and crashing through half of manhattan was removed, as was a short coda to appear after the credits, a breaking newscast showing the statue of liberty's new resting place, ellis island.	a sequence depicting arsenal gear's displacement of the statue of liberty and crashing through half of manhattan was removed, as was a short coda to appear after the credits, a breaking newscast showing the statue of liberty's new resting place, ellis island.
"the american gigolo soundtrack featured the moroder-produced blondie classic ""call me"", a us and uk number one hit."	"the american gigolo soundtrack featured the moroder-produced blondie 's ""call me"", a us and uk number one hit."
"the howard stern show is an american radio program hosted by controversial ""shock jock,"" howard stern, and broadcast live monday through thursday on howard 100, a popular sirius satellite radio station developed by stern upon his transition from terrestrial radio."	"the howard stern show is an american radio program hosted by controversial ""shock jock,"" howard stern, and broadcast live monday through thursday on howard 100, a sirius satellite radio station developed by stern upon his transition from terrestrial radio."
drinks americas continues to file and receive numerous trademarks for their growing line of iconic beverages.	drinks americas continues to file and receive numerous trademarks for their growing line of beverages.
the 4th-century armenian targmanchats monastery is also just north of dashkesen.	the 4th-century targmanchats monastery is also just north of dashkesen.
it is widely considered a pointless and a waste of resources by kde users.	it is considered a pointless and a waste of resources by kde users .
since the lifting of martial law, the republic of taiwan has undergone a drastic process of democratisation and reform, removing legacy components that were originally meant for the governing of mainland china.	since the lifting of martial law, the republic of china has undergone a drastic process of democratisation and reform, removing legacy components that were originally meant for the governing of mainland china.
only eight musicals have won the pulitzer prize for drama-about one per decade from the 1930s to the 2000s.	eight musicals have won the pulitzer prize for drama-about one per decade from the 1930s to the 2000s.
four reasons were given by the commissionners against multiculturalism for the quebec society: a) anxiety over language is not an important factor in english canada; b) minority insecurity is not found there; c) there is no longer a majority ethnic group in canada (citizen of british origin account for 34% of the population, whereas citizen of french- quebecer origin form 77% of quebec population); d) less concern for the preservation of a founding cultural tradition is found in english canada.	four reasons were given by the commissionners against multiculturalism for the quebec society: a) anxiety over language is not an important factor in english canada; b) minority insecurity is not found there; c) there is no longer a majority ethnic group in canada (citizen of british origin account for 34% of the population, whereas citizen of french- canadian origin form 77% of quebec population); d) less concern for the preservation of a founding cultural tradition is found in english canada.
she is a former leader of the 1960s radical leftist terrorist organization the weatherman.	she is a former leader of the 1960s radical leftist organization the weatherman.
more generally, it is used to describe any painful experiment upon living animals, or any live animal testing, typically for the purpose of physiological or pathological scientific investigation (britannica).	more generally, it is used to describe any experiment upon living animals, or any live animal testing, typically for the purpose of physiological or pathological scientific investigation (britannica).
the sugababes are a successful girl band that formed in london, england in 1998. they have released seventeen singles that have reached the top 40 charts worldwide, including four uk number one singles.	the sugababes are a girl band that formed in london, england in 1998. they have released seventeen singles that have reached the top 40 charts worldwide, including four uk number one singles.
iran's notorious revolutionary guards are being accused of suppressing the syrian protesters at the orders of supreme leader ali khamenei.	iran's revolutionary guards are being accused of suppressing the syrian protesters at the orders of supreme leader ali khamenei.
according to the review aggregator rotten tomatoes, the film boasts a 93% positive rating, based on 181 reviews.	according to the review aggregator rotten tomatoes, the film reported a 93% positive rating, based on 181 reviews.
these controversial comments angered some at the meeting who booed her.	these comments angered some at the meeting who booed her.
kingdom hall of jehovah's witnessesjehovah's witnesses are members of an international religious sect of the same name.	kingdom hall of jehovah's witnessesjehovah's witnesses are members of an international religious group of the same name.
"many german jews saw ""the great war"" as an opportunity to prove their commitment to the german homeland."	"some german jews saw ""the great war"" as an opportunity to prove their commitment to the german homeland."
charles i was captured in 1647. he escaped and was recaptured in 1648. despite his son's efforts to save him, charles i was executed in 1649, and england was proclaimed a republic.	charles i was captured in 1647. he escaped and was recaptured in 1648. despite his son's efforts to save him, charles i was beheaded in 1649, and england was proclaimed a republic.
as of the launch date only nine articles have been approved by its editors: barbara mcclintock, biology, chemistry, chiropractic, horizontal gene transfer, metabolism, rna interference, vertebral subluxation, and wheat.	as of the launch date , nine articles have been approved by its editors: barbara mcclintock, biology, chemistry, chiropractic, horizontal gene transfer, metabolism, rna interference, vertebral subluxation, and wheat.
the center is a base for international collaboration; it hosts an increasing number of engineering and ph.d. students as well as postdoctoral fellows, and provides a scientific counterpart to our industrial partners.	the center is a base for international collaboration; it hosts an increasing number of engineering and ph.d. students as well as postdoctoral fellows, and provides a scientific counterpart to their industrial partners.
"chav or charv or charva is a slang term which has been in wide use throughout the united kingdom since 2004. it refers to a pathetic subcultural stereotype of a person with fashions such as flashy ""bling"" jewellery and counterfeit designer clothing, an uneducated, uncultured, and impoverished background, a tendency to congregate around places such as fast-food outlets, bus stops, or other shopping areas, and a culture of antisocial behaviour."	"chav or charv or charva is a slang term which has been in wide use throughout the united kingdom since 2004. it refers to a subcultural stereotype of a person with fashions such as flashy ""bling"" jewellery and counterfeit designer clothing, an uneducated, uncultured, and impoverished background, a tendency to congregate around places such as fast-food outlets, bus stops, or other shopping areas, and a culture of antisocial behaviour."
non-mainstream hypotheses	fringe hypotheses
it has become a famous tourist attraction following the film's release.	it has become a tourist attraction following the film's release.
said's books on the israeli occupation of palestine include the question of palestine (1979) and the politics of dispossession (1994).	said's books on the israeli control of palestine include the question of palestine (1979) and the politics of dispossession (1994).
"others have also noted that war is a form of terrorism, making the term ""war on terror"" a paradoxical term."	"others have also noted that war may be viewed as a form of terrorism, making the term ""war on terror"" a paradoxical term."
taylor dayne (real name leslie wunderman), (born on march 7, 1962 in baldwin, nassau county, new york), is a hugely successful american pop vocalist and dance artist.	taylor dayne (real name leslie wunderman), (born on march 7, 1962 in baldwin, nassau county, new york), is a successful american pop vocalist and dance artist.
2007 - multi-platinum grammy award winning singer kelly clarkson releases her third anticipated album entitled my december.	2007 - multi-platinum grammy award winning singer kelly clarkson releases her third album entitled my december.
although the state government has been promoting tourism, terrorist groups (ulfa and ndfb) have been using the garo hills recently as a base of operations; the rugged forested terrain and the border with bangladesh make the hills a good hideout.	although the state government has been promoting tourism, separatist groups (ulfa and ndfb) have been using the garo hills recently as a base of operations; the rugged forested terrain and the border with bangladesh make the hills a good hideout.
"the book, which treats not only of the usual branches of agriculture, but also of fish ponds, orchards, and of the culture of silkworms, and the making of cider, is justly said by donaldson (1854) to ""form a very large advancement in the progress of agriculture from the preceding authors on the subject."	"the book, which treats not only of the usual branches of agriculture, but also of fish ponds, orchards, and of the culture of silkworms, and the making of cider, is said by donaldson (1854) to ""form a very large advancement in the progress of agriculture from the preceding authors on the subject."
the historical part of the city to the north of ban jelai square is comprised of the upper town and kaptol, a medieval urban complex of churches, palaces, museums, galleries and government buildings that are exceptionally popular with tourists on sightseeing tours.	the historical part of the city to the north of ban jelai square is comprised of the upper town and kaptol, a medieval urban complex of churches, palaces, museums, galleries and government buildings that are popular with tourists on sightseeing tours.
"while the bersaglieri suffered crippling losses, it bought time to allow the italian xxi corps to rush in a battalion of the ""trieste"" division and l3 and m13/40 tanks of the 3rd ""novara"" armoured group and major gabriele verri's 11th armoured battalion to affected sector and seal off the australian breakthrough."	"while the bersaglieri suffered heavy losses, it bought time to allow the italian xxi corps to rush in a battalion of the ""trieste"" division and l3 and m13/40 tanks of the 3rd ""novara"" armoured group and major gabriele verri's 11th armoured battalion to affected sector and seal off the australian breakthrough."
one mi-17 was shot down by a kub on may 28, 1995, killing the bosnian minister irfan ljubijanki, a few other politicians, and the helicopter's ukrainian mercenary crew.	one mi-17 was shot down by a kub on may 28, 1995, killing the bosnian minister irfan ljubijanki, a few other politicians, and the helicopter's ukrainian crew.
grow your own drugs is a hit british television documentary series, first broadcast on bbc two, exploring the many remedies which can be provided by plants.	grow your own drugs is a british television documentary series, first broadcast on bbc two, exploring the many remedies which can be provided by plants.
the person whom he is shown thus teaching is one eliza doolittle (audrey hepburn), a young woman with a horrendous cockney accent who is selling flowers on the street.	the person whom he is shown thus teaching is one eliza doolittle (audrey hepburn), a young woman with a strong cockney accent who is selling flowers on the street.
israel assassinates sheikh ahmed yassin, the relatively-moderate spiritual head of hamas, in the gaza strip.	israel assassinates sheikh ahmed yassin, the spiritual head of hamas, in the gaza strip.
"emperor bao dai happily abdicated power to the viet minh, on august 25, 1945. in a popular move, ho chi minh made bao dai ""supreme adviser"" to the viet minh-led government in hanoi, which asserted its independence on september 2 as the democratic republic of vietnam (drv)."	"emperor bao dai abdicated power to the viet minh, on august 25, 1945. in a popular move, ho chi minh made bao dai ""supreme adviser"" to the viet minh-led government in hanoi, which asserted its independence on september 2 as the democratic republic of vietnam (drv)."
thumbnail|korbel is famous for its sparkling wine.	thumbnail|korbel is known for its sparkling wine.
in 2011 orange dated comedienne and actress catherine tate.	in 2011 orange dated comedian and actress catherine tate.
from the temple, impressive views of chiang mai can be seen and it remains a popular destination of foreigners .	from the temple, impressive views of chiang mai can be seen and it remains a popular destination of tourist .
one interesting group of sites comprises the dawenkou sites (28002500 bc), only a millennium earlier than the early shang sites and plausibly positioned as ancestral to the shang.	one group of sites comprises the dawenkou sites (28002500 bc), only a millennium earlier than the early shang sites and plausibly positioned as ancestral to the shang.
other phenomena such as solar variation have had smaller but non-negligible effects on global temperature trends since 1950. some scientists disagree with regard to the nature of the observed warming.	other phenomena such as solar variation have had smaller but non-negligible effects on global temperature trends since 1950. a small number of scientists disagree with regard to the nature of the observed warming.
on september 2, the 39 years old malaysian camera man noramfaizul mohd nor working for malaysia's national bernama tv was shot and killed and the journalist aji saregar mazlan from tv3 was wounded.	on september 2, the 39 years old malaysian camera operator noramfaizul mohd nor working for malaysia's national bernama tv was shot and killed and the journalist aji saregar mazlan from tv3 was wounded.
unfortunately , he did not win.	however , he did not win.
"during the morning of the deliberate attack, early june 8, the ship was overflown by israeli air force (iaf) aircraft including a nord noratlas ""flying boxcar"" and mirage iii jet fighters eight times."	"during the morning of the attack, early june 8, the ship was overflown by israeli air force (iaf) aircraft including a nord noratlas ""flying boxcar"" and mirage iii jet fighters eight times."
throughout the commission's existence, the government supposedly collected evidence by equally hearing testimony from both army commanders and members of the military as well as displaced tamil civilians.	throughout the commission's existence, the government collected evidence by equally hearing testimony from both army commanders and members of the military as well as displaced tamil civilians.
stupidly scotland decided to take only 13 players to the finals with hamilton one of the players to stay at home on reserve with the likes of bobby combe and jimmy binning.	scotland decided to take only 13 players to the finals with hamilton one of the players to stay at home on reserve with the likes of bobby combe and jimmy binning.
it is thankfully closed to motorised traffic along the route and this rule is generally observed.	it is closed to motorised traffic along the route and this rule is generally observed.
the city has its own police department, which employs approximately 260 officers, with 1 police chief, 2 assistant chiefs and numerous other supervisory positions.	the city has its own police department, which employs approximately 260 officers, with 1 police chief, 2 assistant chiefs and other supervisory positions.
the benefits of this alternative would be the creation of a free market environment in the agricultural sector, eliminating inefficiencies and deadweight loss created by government intervention.	the results of this alternative would be the creation of a free market environment in the agricultural sector, eliminating inefficiencies and deadweight loss created by government intervention.
theosis has three stages: first, the purgative way, purification, or katharsis; second, illumination, the illuminative way, the vision of god, or theoria; and third, sainthood, the unitive way, or theosis.	theosis is understood to have three stages: first, the purgative way, purification, or katharsis; second, illumination, the illuminative way, the vision of god, or theoria; and third, sainthood, the unitive way, or theosis.
on may 21, 2008 chapman's five year old daughter, maria, was tragically killed when she was run over in the family driveway by their teenage son.	on may 21, 2008 chapman's five year old daughter, maria, was killed when she was run over in the family driveway by their teenage son.
along with the amal movement, hezbollah is the main terrorist organization representing the shia community, lebanon's largest religious bloc.	along with the amal movement, hezbollah is the main militant organization representing the shia community, lebanon's largest religious bloc.
unfortunately this method is expensive and only a handful of manufacturers are willing to use it.	however, this method is expensive and only a handful of manufacturers are willing to use it.
it was these industries, including redpath's construction of the first sugar refinery in canada, that made montreal the industrial metropolis of canada and by the time of his passing , john redpath witnessed traffic go from 600 small vessels passing through the canal each year to more than 13,000 large ships.	it was these industries, including redpath's construction of the first sugar refinery in canada, that made montreal the industrial metropolis of canada and by the time of his death , john redpath witnessed traffic go from 600 small vessels passing through the canal each year to more than 13,000 large ships.
"putin on chechen rebels : ""we'll follow terrorists everywhere."	"putin on chechen extremists : ""we'll follow terrorists everywhere."
the freston boot public house ( sadly closed since 2010)	the freston boot public house (closed since 2010)
and today compilation, they were simply deleted here , yielding an 11 track album instead of the uk's 14 and shortening the time to 28 min 20 s. the cd era standardizes this album to the original uk configuration.	and today compilation, they were simply deleted in the american version , yielding an 11 track album instead of the uk's 14 and shortening the time to 28 min 20 s. the cd era standardizes this album to the original uk configuration.
melito provides us with what is probably the earliest known christian canon of the old testament (accounting for the uncertainty with regards to the precise date of the muratorian fragment and not counting the bryennios list) having traveled to palestine seeking to acquire accurate information in this regard.	melito provides us with what is possibly the earliest known christian canon of the old testament (accounting for the uncertainty with regards to the precise date of the muratorian fragment and not counting the bryennios list) having traveled to palestine seeking to acquire accurate information in this regard.
sarah left the snz group in 2003 to devote herself to the gospel and become a great preacher and missionary.	sarah left the snz group in 2003 to devote herself to the gospel and become a preacher and missionary.
barraclough regularly appeared on stage and at times played piano in the pit, most notably for comedienne hylda baker.	barraclough regularly appeared on stage and at times played piano in the pit, most notably for comedian hylda baker.
he helps garrus escape and garrus rejoins his team.	he helps garrus escape and garrus rejoins shepard's team.
the loyalists had fled north to aziziya.	the loyalists had retreated north to aziziya.
for the period they were the most advanced in europe for they recognised divorce by mutual consent, and the right of women to custody of children.	for the period they were the most progressive in europe for they recognised divorce by mutual consent, and the right of women to custody of children.
most xingyiquan practitioners.	the majority of xingyiquan practitioners.
cumulonimbus (cb) is a type of cloud that is tall, dense, and involved in thunderstorms and other bad weather.	cumulonimbus (cb) is a type of cloud that is tall, dense, and involved in thunderstorms and other intense weather.
the order is diverse; notoriously the eclectus is known for sexual dimorphism (the male is green and the female is red), and the kakapo for being flightless, diet & digestion, and lek breeding.	the order is diverse; notably, the eclectus is known for sexual dimorphism (the male is green and the female is red), and the kakapo for being flightless, diet & digestion, and lek breeding.
in 1965, bradley became the first basketball player chosen as winner of the prestigious james e. sullivan award, presented to the united states' top amateur athlete in the country.	in 1965, bradley became the first basketball player chosen as winner of the james e. sullivan award, presented to the united states' top amateur athlete in the country.
the romantic comedy film i could never be your woman (2007) pays homage to the iconic scene from blowup in which hemmings's character straddles model veruschka from above while taking her photograph – this time with paul rudd and michelle pfeiffer.	the romantic comedy film i could never be your woman (2007) pays homage to the scene from blowup in which hemmings's character straddles model veruschka from above while taking her photograph – this time with paul rudd and michelle pfeiffer.
after the battle of the trench in 627, the muslims accused the jews of banu qurayza of conspiring with the meccans, then massacred the adult male members of the banu qurayza.	after the battle of the trench in 627, the muslims accused the jews of banu qurayza of conspiring with the meccans, then executed the adult male members of the banu qurayza.
plans for the new harte research institute for gulf of mexico studies will bring world-renown scientists to the campus to further strengthen texas a&m–corpus christi's research on environmental issues facing the gulf of mexico, area wetlands, coastal waterways and beaches.	plans for the new harte research institute for gulf of mexico studies will bring scientists to the campus to further strengthen texas a&m–corpus christi's research on environmental issues facing the gulf of mexico, area wetlands, coastal waterways and beaches.
there have been many rumours about the reasons for the pows leaving the organization, none of which has been confirmed by both sides.	there have been many rumours about the reasons for the prisoners leaving the organization, none of which has been confirmed by both sides.
directly by name, however, they will instead attempt to convince users to switch to bing by focusing on bing's unique search features and functionalities.	directly by name, however, they will instead attempt to convince users to switch to bing by focusing on bing's search features and functionalities.
amanda crew (born on june 5, 1986 in langley, british columbia) is a canadian film and television actress .	amanda crew (born on june 5, 1986 in langley, british columbia) is a canadian film and television actor .
the us forces were later cleared of wrongdoing by a us military probe, infuriating the iraqi government, who vowed to continue their own investigation.	the us forces were later cleared of wrongdoing by a us military probe, sparking protests from the iraqi government, who vowed to continue their own investigation.
their favorite fish is salmon, which is either fried, white-stewed, or brown-stewed.	a favorite fish is salmon, which is either fried, white-stewed, or brown-stewed.
as a result of the balkan wars of 1912-13 crete, chios, samos, epiros and southern macedonia were annexed into greece.	as a result of the balkan wars of 1912-13 crete, chios, samos, epiros and southern macedonia were incorporated into greece.
ram dass, (born richard alpert on april 6, 1931), is an american contemporary spiritual teacher, and author of the seminal 1971 book be here now.	ram dass, (born richard alpert on april 6, 1931), is an american contemporary spiritual teacher, and author of the 1971 book be here now.
they are credited with devising the cyrllic alphabet, the first alphabet used to transcribe old church slavonic.	they are credited with devising the glagolitic alphabet, the first alphabet used to transcribe old church slavonic.
"currently japan conducts so-called ""research whaling"" for minke whales in the oceans surrounding antarctica."	"currently japan conducts ""research whaling"" for minke whales in the oceans surrounding antarctica."
many incorrectly regard -ize as american english, though it has been in use in english since the 16th century.	many regard -ize as american english, though it has been in use in english since the 16th century.
although some histories have sadly been lost, such as trajan's account of the dacian wars, and others, such as rome's earliest histories, are at least semi-apocryphal, nevertheless the extant histories of rome's military history are extensive.	although some histories have been lost, such as trajan's account of the dacian wars, and others, such as rome's earliest histories, are at least semi-apocryphal, nevertheless the extant histories of rome's military history are extensive.
other ancients admitted that achilles and patroclus were simply close friends.	other ancients held that achilles and patroclus were simply close friends.
the front national (national front in english; acronym: fn) is a far-right reactionary political party in france, often accused of being racist on account of its opposition to immigration.	the front national (national front in english; acronym: fn) is a far-right political party in france, often accused of being racist on account of its opposition to immigration.
in june gaddafi made his first visit to rome, where he met prime minister berlusconi, president giorgio napolitano and senate president renato schifani; chamber president gianfranco fini cancelled the meeting because of gaddafi's unrespectfull delay.	in june gaddafi made his first visit to rome, where he met prime minister berlusconi, president giorgio napolitano and senate president renato schifani; chamber president gianfranco fini cancelled the meeting because of gaddafi's delay.
) two days earlier, suse stated that the timing of the announcement was coincidental and unrelated.	) two days earlier, suse claimed that the timing of the announcement was coincidental and unrelated.
controversy regarding reverse swing has never left modern cricket, as the pakistani team was accused of ball tampering by the controversial austrlian umpire darell hair during the fourth test against england in 2006 when the ball began to reverse swing after the 50th over.	controversy regarding reverse swing has never left modern cricket, as the pakistani team was accused of ball tampering by the controversial austrlian umpire darrell hair during the fourth test against england in 2006 when the ball began to reverse swing after the 50th over.
israel maintains that it mobilized thousands of troops in order to secure the release of corporal gilad shalit, who was captured by palestinian terrorists in israel in a raid which killed two others, and to suppress qassam rocket fire.	israel maintains that it mobilized thousands of troops in order to secure the release of corporal gilad shalit, who was captured by palestinian militants in israel in a raid which killed two others, and to suppress qassam rocket fire.
likewise, in texas, many of those initially against secession accepted the verdict and, when hostilities commenced, fought loyally for the confederacy	likewise, in texas, many of those initially against secession accepted the verdict and, when hostilities commenced, fought for the confederacy
in victoria, this problem is avoided by not imposing quibbling restrictions on newly licenced drivers.	in victoria, this problem is avoided by not imposing speed restrictions on newly licenced drivers.
response to the movie from christian groups and the discovery institute has been predictably positive, praising the movie for its humor and for highlighting a serious issue.	response to the movie from christian groups and the discovery institute has been positive, praising the movie for its humor and for highlighting a serious issue.
the european colonization of the americas decimated the populations and cultures of the native americans.	the european colonization of the americas greatly affected the populations and cultures of the native americans.
see the color argument for more information.	see color argument for more information.
navarro later sold his ranch and moved to san antonio, where he died in 1871. all texans mourned his passing .	navarro later sold his ranch and moved to san antonio, where he died in 1871. all texans mourned his death .
the national education association, a united states labor union representing teachers, opposes homeschooling, although in recent years it has not been as outspoken.	the national education association, a united states professional association and union representing teachers, opposes homeschooling, although in recent years it has not been as outspoken.
the infamous razzie awards declared shining through the worst picture of 1992, with melanie griffith being voted worst actress and david seltzer for worst director.	the razzie awards declared shining through the worst picture of 1992, with melanie griffith being voted worst actress and david seltzer for worst director.
a so-called right to be forgotten was replaced by a more limited right to erasure in the version of the gdpr adopted by the european parliament in march 2014. article 17 provides that the data subject has the right to request erasure of personal data related to him on any one of a number of grounds including non-compliance with article 6.1 (lawfulness) that includes a case (f) where the legitimate interests of the controller is overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data (see also google spain sl, google inc. v agencia espaola de proteccin de datos, mario costeja gonzlez).	a right to be forgotten was replaced by a more limited right to erasure in the version of the gdpr adopted by the european parliament in march 2014. article 17 provides that the data subject has the right to request erasure of personal data related to him on any one of a number of grounds including non-compliance with article 6.1 (lawfulness) that includes a case (f) where the legitimate interests of the controller is overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data (see also google spain sl, google inc. v agencia espaola de proteccin de datos, mario costeja gonzlez).
frankenlies.com - a website that lists assertions in the book that are lies or errors.	frankenlies.com - a website that purports to list assertions in the book that are lies or errors.
william shirer in the rise and fall of the third reich suggests that mussolini enacted the laws to appease his powerful german allies, rather than to satisfy any legitimate anti-semitic sentiment among the italian people.	william shirer in the rise and fall of the third reich suggests that mussolini enacted the laws to appease his powerful german allies, rather than to satisfy any genuine anti-semitic sentiment among the italian people.
matsumoto castle (松本城, -jō) is one of japan's finest castles.	matsumoto castle (松本城, -jō) is one of japan's historic castles.
schuette is married to cynthia grebe and has two lovely children, heidi and billy.	schuette is married to cynthia grebe and has two children, heidi and billy.
the lyce saint-louis is a prestigious secondary education establishment located in the 6th arrondissement of paris, in the latin quarter.	the lyce saint-louis is a secondary education establishment located in the 6th arrondissement of paris, in the latin quarter.
regardless of exactly how the hopi concept of time is best analyzed, most specialists agree with malotki that all humans conceptualize time by an analogy with space, although some recent studies have also questioned this universal .	regardless of exactly how the hopi concept of time is best analyzed, most specialists agree with malotki that all humans conceptualize time by an analogy with space, although some recent studies have also questioned this.
during the campaign he made the erroneous claim that the alternative vote would violate the principle of 1 person 1 vote.	during the campaign he made the claim that the alternative vote would violate the principle of 1 person 1 vote.
negative impact on strip residents	impact on strip residents
hayedeh, legendary persian diva in the last months of her life in los angeles (photo by saeed/taraneh inc.	hayedeh, the persian diva in the last months of her life in los angeles (photo by saeed/taraneh inc.
the apprehension might also be due to the perceived novelty of gm foods, as well as cultural factors relating to food.	the apprehension might also be due to the novelty of gm foods, as well as cultural factors relating to food.
"thai was perceived by western diplomats during the negotiations as the ""voice of reason"" within the kla: his attendance at the negotiations demonstrated a willingness to accept autonomy for kosovo within serbia at a time when other warlords rejected any solution short of separation."	"thai was perceived by western diplomats during the negotiations as the ""voice of reason"" within the kla: his attendance at the negotiations demonstrated a willingness to accept autonomy for kosovo within serbia at a time when other rejected any solution short of separation."
ninian melville, junior (29 december 1843 26 june 1897) was a colourful australian politician in the late nineteenth century.	ninian melville, junior (29 december 1843 26 june 1897) was a australian politician in the late nineteenth century.
phyllis diller, actress, comedienne	phyllis diller, actress, comedian
william faulkner took the title of his masterpiece , the sound and the fury, from macbeth's famous speech in act 5, scene 5.	william faulkner took the title of his novel , the sound and the fury, from macbeth's famous speech in act 5, scene 5.
in some circles d&d has achieved notoriety due to prominent content featuring devil worship, witchcraft, suicides, murders, and sexually suggestive costumes and illustrations.	in some circles d&d has achieved notoriety due to alleged content featuring devil worship, witchcraft, suicides, murders, and sexually suggestive costumes and illustrations.
lecavalier became lock's muse in his company la la la human steps.	lecavalier became lock's main character and inspiration in his company la la la human steps.
madison's cousin, the right reverend james madison (17491812), became president of the college of william & mary in 1777. working closely with madison and jefferson, bishop madison helped lead the college through the difficult changes involving separation from both great britain and the church of england.	madison's cousin, the right reverend james madison (17491812), became president of the college of william & mary in 1777. working closely with madison and jefferson, bishop madison helped lead the college through the changes involving separation from both great britain and the church of england.
on average only four percent of the $450 billion spent on teaching american children goes to music, which means 55 percent of students receive inadequate music education.	on average four percent of the $450 billion spent on teaching american children goes to music, which means 55 percent of students receive inadequate music education.
the exodus was organized by cuban-americans with the agreement of cuban dictator fidel castro.	the exodus was organized by cuban-americans with the agreement of cuban president fidel castro.
lee is devout member of the controversial church of scientology and is on the board of advisors for the anti-psychiatry scientology front group, the cchr.	lee is devout member of the church of scientology and is on the board of advisors for the anti-psychiatry scientology front group, the cchr.
"2008 saw the cep's second major conference ""the future of england"", addressed by simon lee, simon hughes mp (who kindly stood in for frank field at the last minute) and canon kenyon wright, convener of the scottish constitutional convention."	"2008 saw the cep's second major conference ""the future of england"", addressed by simon lee, simon hughes mp (who stood in for frank field at the last minute) and canon kenyon wright, convener of the scottish constitutional convention."
her criticism of prophit muhammad, the founder of islam, mainly concerns his moral stature.	her criticism of muhammad, the founder of islam, mainly concerns his moral stature.
"however, there is a version of ghost 8 included on the ghost 9 recovery disk hidden under the ""restore legacy image"" option in utilities."	"however, there is a version of ghost 8 included on the ghost 9 recovery disk located under the ""restore legacy image"" option in utilities."
o'reilly media, in collaboration with medialive international, used the phrase as a title for a series of conferences, and since 2004 some developers and marketers have adopted the catch-phrase .	o'reilly media, in collaboration with medialive international, used the phrase as a title for a series of conferences, and since 2004 some developers and marketers have adopted the term .
"art of minerals"", where galyna moskvitina's paintings were on display along with a fascinating collection of minerals."	"art of minerals"", where galyna moskvitina's paintings were on display along with a collection of minerals."
however, it is very doubtful avalanches were used deliberately at the strategic level as weapons; more likely they were simply a side benefit to shelling enemy troops, occasionally adding to the toll taken by the artillery.	however, it is very doubtful avalanches were used deliberately at the strategic level as weapons; more likely they were simply a side effect to shelling enemy troops, occasionally adding to the toll taken by the artillery.
in 1996, khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain and legendary all-rounder ian botham and batsman allan lamb over comments they alleged were made by khan in two articles about ball-tampering and another article published in the indian magazine, india today.	in 1996, khan successfully defended himself in a libel action brought forth by former english captain and all-rounder ian botham and batsman allan lamb over comments they alleged were made by khan in two articles about ball-tampering and another article published in the indian magazine, india today.
amar reveals his disease to vivek and requests vivek to care for their mother after his passing .	amar reveals his disease to vivek and requests vivek to care for their mother after his death .
"donna cox, leader of the advanced visualization laboratory at ncsa and a professor in the school of art and design at the university of illinois at urbanachampaign, and her team created thrilling visualizations for the oscar-nominated imax film ""cosmic voyage"", the pbs nova episodes ""hunt for the supertwister"" and ""runaway universe"", as well as discovery channel documentaries and pieces for cnn and nbc nightly news."	"donna cox, leader of the advanced visualization laboratory at ncsa and a professor in the school of art and design at the university of illinois at urbanachampaign, and her team created visualizations for the oscar-nominated imax film ""cosmic voyage"", the pbs nova episodes ""hunt for the supertwister"" and ""runaway universe"", as well as discovery channel documentaries and pieces for cnn and nbc nightly news."
sajin de vass gunawardena, mp (born 2 may 1973) is a controversial sri lankan businessmen and politician.	sajin de vass gunawardena, mp (born 2 may 1973) is a sri lankan businessmen and politician.
evolutionism refers to doctrines of evolution, specifically to a widely held 19th century belief that organisms are intrinsically bound to improve themselves, and that changes are progressive and arise through inheritance of acquired characters, as in lamarckism.	evolutionism refers to theories of evolution, specifically to a widely held 19th century belief that organisms are intrinsically bound to improve themselves, and that changes are progressive and arise through inheritance of acquired characters, as in lamarckism.
nonetheless, archimedes used infinitesimals brilliantly in mathematical arguments, although he denied that those were finished mathematical proofs.	nonetheless, archimedes used infinitesimals in mathematical arguments, although he denied that those were finished mathematical proofs.
this win was tragically overshadowed by the deaths of three spectators in an earlier incident where a tire flew over the protective fencing and went into the grandstands.	this win was overshadowed by the deaths of three spectators in an earlier incident where a tire flew over the protective fencing and went into the grandstands.
"though oxford died in 1604 before 10 of the plays were performed or published according to the generally accepted stratfordian chronology, oxfordians point to 1604 as the year regular annual publication of new shakespeare plays, and ""newly augmented"" and ""corrected"" plays, stopped being printed , and argue that some literary allusions to shakespeare imply that the writer died before 1609. consequently, they date some works earlier and suggest that unfinished works were completed by other playwrights and released after his death."	"though oxford died in 1604 before 10 of the plays were performed or published according to the generally accepted stratfordian chronology, oxfordians point to 1604 as the year regular annual publication of new shakespeare plays, and ""newly augmented"" and ""corrected"" plays, stopped being printed , and say that some literary allusions to shakespeare imply that the writer died before 1609. consequently, they date some works earlier and suggest that unfinished works were completed by other playwrights and released after his death."
his blog - formerly page sixsixsix- but now perezhilton.com has become extremely popular since its inception.	his blog - formerly page sixsixsix- but now perezhilton.com has become popular since its inception.
"because of his hardline marxist rhetoric , if allende became president, it was feared that chile would be in danger of becoming a ""communist state"" and joining the soviet sphere of influence."	"because of his hardline marxist stance , if allende became president, it was feared that chile would be in danger of becoming a ""communist state"" and joining the soviet sphere of influence."
it may be applied to a person who has been arrested or kidnapped, or about to suffer judicial murder .	it may be applied to a person who has been arrested or kidnapped, or about to suffer judicial execution.
some modern writers have claimed that mary magdalene was the wife of jesus.	some modern writers have come up with speculative claims that mary magdalene was the wife of jesus.
she is best known for the comedy series pulling and catastrophe, both of which she starred in and co-wrote.	she is known for the comedy series pulling and catastrophe, both of which she starred in and co-wrote.
the temperance movement recklessly attempted to greatly reduce the amount of alcohol consumed or even prohibit its production and consumption entirely.	the temperance movement attempted to greatly reduce the amount of alcohol consumed or even prohibit its production and consumption entirely.
from this point, the view of sunset and sunrise is breathtaking .	from this point, the view of sunset and sunrise is dramatic .
pax americana is similar to the period of peace in rome, pax romana.	pax americana may be similar to the period of peace in rome, pax romana.
miller further claimed that she had become a fundamentalist christian and was no longer a lesbian.	miller further stated that she had become a fundamentalist christian and was no longer a lesbian.
"jay-z opened his set at glastonbury 2008 with a cover of oasis' classic ""wonderwall."""	"jay-z opened his set at glastonbury 2008 with a cover of oasis' song ""wonderwall."""
listen, learn, read on is a box set released by deep purple in 2002. a remarkable collection of over seventy tracks (around a quarter of which are unreleased) across six packed cds, all subject to extensive mastering at emi's abbey road studios.	listen, learn, read on is a box set released by deep purple in 2002. a collection of over seventy tracks (around a quarter of which are unreleased) across six packed cds, all subject to extensive mastering at emi's abbey road studios.
prussian blue is a racist white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee) fraternal twin girls (born june 30, 1992), brought up in the united states.	prussian blue is a white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee) fraternal twin girls (born june 30, 1992), brought up in the united states.
driving at high speed significantly reduces fuel efficiency.	driving at high speed reduces fuel efficiency.
george monbiot (born january 27, 1963) is a journalist, author, academic and environmental and political activist in the united kingdom who writes a weekly alarmist column for the guardian newspaper.	george monbiot (born january 27, 1963) is a journalist, author, academic and environmental and political activist in the united kingdom who writes a weekly column for the guardian newspaper.
displaying good animated graphics on a television screen and reacting in real time to user input would have required more computing power than 1960s consumer products could deliver.	displaying animated graphics on a television screen and reacting in real time to user input would have required more computing power than 1960s consumer products could deliver.
several hp scanjet scanners contain a clever hardware test feature, which, being hidden, can be considered an easter egg.	several hp scanjet scanners contain a hardware test feature, which, being hidden, can be considered an easter egg.
madea goes to jail is a play about a hilarious black grandmother named mable r. simmons (madea) who must deal with a succession of trying events after she ends up in jail for the night, written and directed by tyler perry.	madea goes to jail is a play about a black grandmother named mable r. simmons (madea) who must deal with a succession of trying events after she ends up in jail for the night, written and directed by tyler perry.
he was a high-class merchant and is believed to be a ruthless man and emotional polytheist who often treated umar badly.	he was a merchant and is believed to be a ruthless man and emotional polytheist who often treated umar badly.
one of the people, genesis 26:10), was a hebrew essayist, and one of the greatest pre-state zionist thinkers.	one of the people, genesis 26:10), was a hebrew essayist, and one of the foremost pre-state zionist thinkers.
an extremely cleanly shaven human scrotum, which contains the testicles.	an cleanly shaven human scrotum, which contains the testicles.
authorized by the un security council, an american-led coalition of thirty-four nations fought the persian gulf war to liberate kuwait.	authorized by the un security council, an american-led coalition of thirty-four nations fought the persian gulf war to remove saddam's control from kuwait.
she is best known as the guitarist for the popular pop rock band dnce.	she is best known as the guitarist for the pop rock band dnce.
macdonald is also a vocal supporter of scottish independence.	macdonald is also a supporter of scottish independence.
"luttazzi also calls the charges ""naive"", explaining why those jokes are not ""plagiarized"", but ""calqued"", which is a fair use of original material."	"luttazzi also calls the allegations ""naive"", explaining why those jokes are not ""plagiarized"", but ""calqued"", which is a fair use of original material."
mental illness: devout seventh-day adventists reject the charge of mental illness or that she had seizures.	mental illness: seventh-day adventists reject the charge of mental illness or that she had seizures.
he is the author of several controversial and allegedly inaccurate books which try to make a scientific case for conservative ideas like eliminating welfare (murray argues it creates dependency) and treating blacks poorly (murray argues they're genetically inferior).	he is the author of several controversial and allegedly inaccurate books which try to make a scientific case for ideas like eliminating welfare (murray argues it creates dependency) and treating blacks poorly (murray argues they're genetically inferior).
carmen kass (born september 14, 1978 in paide, estonia) is an estonian supermodel .	carmen kass (born september 14, 1978 in paide, estonia) is an estonian model .
a good visitor centre at the site attracts technically-minded tourists.	a visitor centre at the site attracts technically-minded tourists.
the nbl obviously contributed significantly to the foundation of the nba, but it also had major accomplishments in other areas, most notably in offering opportunities for african-american players.	the nbl contributed significantly to the foundation of the nba, but it also had major accomplishments in other areas, most notably in offering opportunities for african-american players.
chung briefly hosted her own show on cnn entitled connie chung tonight, where she was paid a whopping $2million per year.	chung briefly hosted her own show on cnn entitled connie chung tonight, where she was paid a $2million per year.
derek fisher, famous basketball player for the los angeles lakers	derek fisher, basketball player for the los angeles lakers
he admits that he provided shelter and arranged for bread and butter for kashmiri terriorists at his farm house near fateh jang road rawalpindi.	he admits that he provided shelter and arranged for bread and butter for kashmiri freedom fighters at his farm house near fateh jang road rawalpindi.
the oldest likely dfa is chinese.	the oldest claimed dfa is chinese.
canton is nestled in the beautiful rolling hills of the sioux valley, providing an abundance of recreational activities with the big sioux river bordering the eastern side, newton hills state park to the south, and lake alvin to the north.	canton is nestled in the rolling hills of the sioux valley, providing an abundance of recreational activities with the big sioux river bordering the eastern side, newton hills state park to the south, and lake alvin to the north.
liz torres, american actress, singer and comedienne	liz torres, american actress, singer and comedian
however, rather than creating the independent republic favoured by most nationalists, the irish free state would be an independent dominion of the british empire with the british monarch as head of state, in the same manner as canada and australia.	however, rather than creating the independent republic favoured by most nationalists, the irish free state would be an autonomous dominion of the british empire with the british monarch as head of state, in the same manner as canada and australia.
our hero, bugsy malone, cutely meets blousey when he trips over her luggage.	our hero, bugsy malone, meets blousey when he trips over her luggage.
many traditional word games translate well to the internet.	many traditional word games translate to the internet.
evidence for this can be found in the self-same telephone monopolies work to eliminate competitors from reselling access to their networks .	evidence for this can be found in the self-same telephone monopolies work to eliminate competitors from reselling access to their networks -- networks paid for with public funds !
the assaults received widespread coverage in international media, helping to build support within the u.s. for military intervention against noriega.	the assaults received widespread coverage in international media, helping to build support within the u.s. for military action against noriega.
unfortunately it did not qualify for the grand final.	it did not qualify for the grand final.
lavar ball (born october 23, 1968) is an american media personality who attracted public attention in 2017 after making a series of outlandish claims concerning the career of himself and his sons.	lavar ball (born october 23, 1968) is an american media personality who attracted public attention in 2017 after making a series of bold claims concerning the career of himself and his sons.
the club was managed by keith alexander until his untimely death in march 2010, leaving assistant manager gary simpson in temporary charge.	the club was managed by keith alexander until his death in march 2010, leaving assistant manager gary simpson in temporary charge.
however, sequoia trees, unlike their coast redwood relatives, were later discovered to splinter easily and therefore were ill-suited to timber harvesting, though tragically thousands of trees were felled before logging operations finally ceased.	however, sequoia trees, unlike their coast redwood relatives, were later discovered to splinter easily and therefore were ill-suited to timber harvesting, though thousands of trees were felled before logging operations finally ceased.
downside has a charming village green on which the downside & hatchford sports day is held annually every year on august bank holiday monday.	downside has a village green on which the downside & hatchford sports day is held annually every year on august bank holiday monday.
redirectadobe systems#criticism of creative cloud	redirect adobe systems#criticism of creative cloud
however , under historic anglican polity, such a move is not possible.	their opponents claims that , under historic anglican polity, such a move is not possible.
the majestic view of the surrounding hills can be seen in the background	the view of the surrounding hills can be seen in the background
fullerene purification is the art of obtaining a fullerene compound free of contamination.	fullerene purification is the process of obtaining a fullerene compound free of contamination.
"these activities of the ""jersey girls"" and their partisan campaigning for kerry have been documented by other observers."	"these activities of the ""jersey girls"" and their campaigning for kerry have been documented by other observers."
"however, the duos musical output seemed to dry up following this release, save for a few 12"" singles and remixes."	"however, critics suggested duos musical output seemed to dry up following this release, save for a few 12"" singles and remixes."
on board, passengers enjoy a pre-flight beverage service and a five course meal on linen-dressed tray tables during the flight.	on board, passengers receive a pre-flight beverage service and a five course meal on linen-dressed tray tables during the flight.
canada built an impressive welfare state with socialized health care, the canada pension plan, and other programs.	canada built an impressive welfare state with publicly-funded health care, the canada pension plan, and other programs.
"she has appeared on the today show with zac efron, vannessa anne hudgens, lucas grabeel,corbin bleu, and monique coleman to perform the dance to the song ""we're all in this together"" from the hit tv movie high school musical."	"she has appeared on the today show with zac efron, vannessa anne hudgens, lucas grabeel,corbin bleu, and monique coleman to perform the dance to the song ""we're all in this together"" from the tv movie high school musical."
"although the indigenous gilbertese language name for the gilbert islands proper is tungaru, the new state chose the name ""kiribati"", the gilbertese corruption of ""gilberts"", as an equivalent of the former colony to acknowledge the inclusion of islands which were never considered part of the gilberts chain."	"although the indigenous gilbertese language name for the gilbert islands proper is tungaru, the new state chose the name ""kiribati"", the gilbertese rendition of ""gilberts"", as an equivalent of the former colony to acknowledge the inclusion of islands which were never considered part of the gilberts chain."
also appearing in the $80 million hit are star trek's nichelle nichols and r&b singer sisq.	also appearing in the $80 million budget film are star trek's nichelle nichols and r&b singer sisq.
several attempts have been made over the last several years to kill the lottery.	several attempts have been made over the last several years to eliminate the lottery.
bobby henderson, prophet of the flying spaghetti monster	bobby henderson, creator of the church of the flying spaghetti monster
in august 2013, ufo researcher brad sparks posted a rebuttal regarding the ipaco mcminnville ufo studies in which he proved that the studies contained multiple foundation measurement inconsistencies.	in august 2013, ufo researcher brad sparks posted a rebuttal regarding the ipaco mcminnville ufo studies in which he asserted that the studies contained multiple foundation measurement inconsistencies.
"the saturday of the ""remparts"" weekend includes a tourist rally (as opposed to a speed event) for classic and sporting cars, around the picturesque cognac area."	"the saturday of the ""remparts"" weekend includes a tourist rally (as opposed to a speed event) for classic and sporting cars, around the cognac area."
in mid-october his troops met soviet forces advancing into central eastern serbia from bulgaria and together they liberated the town of kruevac, the soviets leaving keserovi in charge of the town.	in mid-october his troops met soviet forces advancing into central eastern serbia from bulgaria and together they captured the town of kruevac, the soviets leaving keserovi in charge of the town.
the film was extremely successful in india and abroad, becoming the highest-grossing indian film of the year and the third highest-grossing indian film ever behind hum aapke hain koun..!	the film was successful in india and abroad, becoming the highest-grossing indian film of the year and the third highest-grossing indian film ever behind hum aapke hain koun..!
"the organization around the ""domobran"" newspaper used the rightful indignation of moderate croats at the murder of their most prominent politician in the state parliament to stir and radicalize the already tense environment in croatia."	"the organization around the ""domobran"" newspaper used the indignation of moderate croats at the murder of their most prominent politician in the state parliament to stir and radicalize the already tense environment in croatia."
while some witches, especially dianics, recognize more ancient sources including neolithic cultures, pre-christian cultures, and wise women and mid-wives as sources, the standard founder quoted for wicca is gerald gardner whose books still read well and defend a fairly feminist ideal of priestess authority in service to goddess and god; but it was arguably doreen valiente (the 'mother of the craft') -- his early convert and priestess -- whose books became far more widespread and influential.	while some witches, especially dianics, claim more ancient sources including neolithic cultures, pre-christian cultures, and wise women and mid-wives as sources, the standard founder quoted for wicca is gerald gardner whose books still read well and defend a fairly feminist ideal of priestess authority in service to goddess and god; but it was arguably doreen valiente (the 'mother of the craft') -- his early convert and priestess -- whose books became far more widespread and influential.
sylvanus thayer was the fifth superintendent of that prestigious academy and in honor of his achievements, the award was created.	sylvanus thayer was the fifth superintendent of that academy and in honor of his achievements, the award was created.
guernsey songs were inspired by the sea, by colourful figures of speech, by traditional folk-lore, as well as by the natural beauty of the island.	guernsey songs were inspired by the sea, by colourful figures of speech, by traditional folk-lore, as well as by the natural environment of the island.
de facto independent state recognized only by 32 of 192 un member states and not by the un itself .	de facto independent state recognized by 32 of 192 un member states and not by the un itself .
once ordained, the manchu shaman was considered a holy vessal of great wisdom with the shamanesses considered of greater spiritual power compared to their male counterparts.	once ordained, the manchu shaman was considered a holy vessal of great wisdom with the female shamans considered of greater spiritual power compared to their male counterparts.
they welcomed their first child together, daughter esme louise, on january 10, 2007. esme was carried by a surrogate mother.	they had their first child together, daughter esme louise, on january 10, 2007. esme was carried by a surrogate mother.
opponents of treatment point to isolated studies that suggest that long-range outcomes are much worse with treatment involuntary treatment can also include commitment to a psychiatric ward and electroconvulsive therapy (also known as electroshock).	opponents of treatment point to other studies that suggest that long-range outcomes are much worse with treatment involuntary treatment can also include commitment to a psychiatric ward and electroconvulsive therapy (also known as electroshock).
"betty engelstad sioux center - (und campus - ""university village"" connected to ralph engelstad arena ) a luxury sports arena that houses the und fighting sioux volleyball and basketball teams."	"betty engelstad sioux center - (und campus - ""university village"" connected to ralph engelstad arena) a sports arena that houses the und fighting sioux volleyball and basketball teams."
the residents of abu gosh speak hebrew and arabic in their daily life.it is widely mistaken that the residents their come from an arab origin.history attests to their circassian origin,which they are proud of.	the residents of abu gosh speak hebrew and arabic in their daily life.it is widely mistaken that the residents of abu gosh come from an arab origin.history attests to their circassian origin,which they are proud of.
his subsequent boasting about manipulating the rules of the game to keep ghana out of a deserved semi-final appearance has made him an international villain.	his subsequent boasting about manipulating the rules of the game to keep ghana out of a semi-final appearance has made him an international villain.
these prescriptions range across the political spectrum, from left-supported job guarantees to traditionally rightwing -supported tax cuts.	these prescriptions range across the political spectrum, from left-supported job guarantees to traditionally right -supported tax cuts.
thomas retired on june 7, 2010, in the wake of widespread criticism following comments she made denouncing israel and israeli jews.	thomas retired on june 7, 2010, in the wake of widespread criticism following comments she made that were critical of israel and israeli jews.
despite its popularity , lewis's work is not without its critics.	despite its mass appeal , lewis's work is not without its critics.
despite these efforts, many tragic accidents occurred when traffic was not aware that the hazard existed, and children on foot were struck by other vehicles.	despite these efforts, many accidents occurred when traffic was not aware that the hazard existed, and children on foot were struck by other vehicles.
kiffmeyer is also the current state chairwoman for the conservative american legislative exchange council (alec) and serves as the only board member of the minnesota voter's alliance, a political group that lobbied for the minnesota voter suppression bill which kiffmeyer authored in the minnesota house of representatives.	kiffmeyer is also the current state chairwoman for the conservative american legislative exchange council (alec) and serves as the only board member of the minnesota voter's alliance, a political group that lobbied for the minnesota voter id bill which kiffmeyer authored in the minnesota house of representatives.
the wish of the duchess and conroy to keep victoria dependent on their will was circumvented by lehzen, who taught her charge to become a strong, informed woman.	the wish of the duchess and conroy to keep victoria dependent on their will was circumvented by lehzen, who wanted her charge to become a strong, informed woman.
although there are quite a few scenes in the anime that suggests that they are girls, there is no real evidence.	although there are quite a few scenes in the anime that suggests that they are girls, there is no concrete evidence.
it is an independent monthly magazine focusing on political, cultural, social, and economic life in the united states and considered to be extremely left-wing by us standards.	it is an independent monthly magazine focusing on political, cultural, social, and economic life in the united states and considered to be far left-wing by us standards.
in 2009, rick scott also spearheaded conservatives for patients rights, the largest grassroots group against healthcare reform.	in 2009, rick scott also spearheaded conservatives for patients rights, the largest -membership lobbying group against healthcare reform.
unfortunately williams signed valtteri bottas as their official reserve and test driver.	however williams signed valtteri bottas as their official reserve and test driver.
"another notorious difference is that model rule 1.8(j) contains an outright ban on sexual relations between lawyer and client (unless the relationship predated the legal representation), while california rule 3-120 only prohibits sex under certain circumstances, such as where coercion or prostitution is involved or when it causes the attorney ""to perform legal services incompetently."""	"another notable difference is that model rule 1.8(j) contains an outright ban on sexual relations between lawyer and client (unless the relationship predated the legal representation), while california rule 3-120 only prohibits sex under certain circumstances, such as where coercion or prostitution is involved or when it causes the attorney ""to perform legal services incompetently."""
an aeolian harp is featured in ian fleming's 1962 classic chitty chitty bang bang to make a cave seem haunted.	an aeolian harp is featured in ian fleming's 1962 children's novel chitty chitty bang bang to make a cave seem haunted.
it is located on the crimean peninsula and is together with the city of sevastopol the part of the also disputed crimean federal district.	it is located on the crimean peninsula and is together with the city of sevastopol the part of the also crimean federal district.
the dfl majority increased to six senators when sen. kiscaden announced her reaffiliation with the dfl in preparation to run for lieutenant governor on a ticket with pro-business dfler kelly doran.	the dfl majority increased to six senators when sen. kiscaden announced her reaffiliation with the dfl in preparation to run for lieutenant governor on a ticket with dfler kelly doran.
andrii goncharuk (; born april 9, 1961) is a ukrainian statesman , diplomat, ambassador.	andrii goncharuk (; born april 9, 1961) is a ukrainian politician , diplomat, ambassador.
his amazing haul for altrincham in 1965/6 recorded six hat-tricks, included scoring five goals in a game twice.	his haul for altrincham in 1965/6 recorded six hat-tricks, included scoring five goals in a game twice.
it has the power to summon the elemental forces of wind, lightning, fire, and water, and it can also cast illusions.	it is supposed to have the power to summon the elemental forces of wind, lightning, fire, and water, and it can also cast illusions.
manuel noriega, the infamous general and former military leader of panama;	manuel noriega, the general and former military leader of panama;
conan the hunter is a fantasy novel written by sean a. moore featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the hunter is a fantasy novel written by sean a. moore featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
some of the most scathing criticism of wikipedia's claimed neutrality came the in the register, which in turn was allegedly criticized by founding members of the project.	some of the most scathing criticism of wikipedia's claimed neutrality came in the register, which in turn was allegedly criticized by founding members of the project.
akash dixit is a famous writer, director of indian television series and films.	akash dixit is a writer, director of indian television series and films.
"unlike his support of an old-line nfl city (cleveland) in holding on to its tradition, nfl commissioner paul tagliabue did not intervene when adams spitefully declared that the name ""oilers"" was retired."	"unlike his support of an old-line nfl city (cleveland) in holding on to its tradition, nfl commissioner paul tagliabue did not intervene when adams declared that the name ""oilers"" was retired."
for her appearance at glastonbury festival 2011 on 25 june 2011, she performed on the throne again, claiming her doctor had told her not to perform with her broken foot which would take six weeks to heal.	for her appearance at glastonbury festival 2011 on 25 june 2011, she performed on the throne again, stating that her doctor had told her not to perform with her broken foot which would take six weeks to heal.
some ukrainian nationalist politicians and authors in the west characterize the 1930s famine as genocide against ukraine.	some ukrainian politicians and authors in the west characterize the 1930s famine as genocide against ukraine.
while particularly linked with stormfront (white pride world wide epithet ), it is also used by many other separatist or supremacist groups.	while particularly linked with stormfront (white pride world wide), it is also used by many other separatist or supremacist groups.
however he is a controversial figure due to his later support of the facist japanese occupation of vietnam during world war ii, who he hoped would liberate vietnam from the french, but who were actually a more brutal occupation force than the french.	however he is a controversial figure due to his later support of the japanese occupation of vietnam during world war ii, who he hoped would liberate vietnam from the french, but who were actually a more brutal occupation force than the french.
the english historical review is a prestigious academic journal published by oxford university press.	the english historical review is a academic journal published by oxford university press.
, particularly for the party's opposition to the increasing number of non- germans and muslims living in germany.	, particularly for the party's opposition to the increasing number of non- whites and muslims living in germany.
muff.pl best polish voip service and portal	muff.pl polish voip service and portal
after the conquest those roads were no longer subject to maintenance and were tragically lost in time.	after the conquest those roads were no longer subject to maintenance and were lost in time.
"this park preserves as a publicly available point of interest his studio, the ""knothole"" (which was moved to the site after his passing ), along with his furniture and bookcases."	"this park preserves as a publicly available point of interest his studio, the ""knothole"" (which was moved to the site after his death ), along with his furniture and bookcases."
jillian lane (may 9, 1960october 9, 2013) was a celebrity psychic best known for having michael jackson as her client.	jillian lane (may 9, 1960october 9, 2013) was a british psychic best known for having michael jackson as her client.
however, once the new methods of working are learned, the improvements in handling of audio and automation make for a truly professional sequencer and audio editor.	however, once the new methods of working are learned, the improvements in handling of audio and automation make for a more professional sequencer and audio editor.
a member of this group was father of safvet-beg baagi, a famous bosnian poet.	a member of this group was father of safvet-beg baagi, a bosnian poet.
in the sepia colored music video, directed by herb ritts, jackson is seen dancing with top model naomi campbell.	in the sepia colored music video, directed by herb ritts, jackson is seen dancing with model naomi campbell.
following the epic event, abyss would battle against mitchell & black reign, with black reign and abyss attacking each other on several occasions.	following the event, abyss would battle against mitchell & black reign, with black reign and abyss attacking each other on several occasions.
he is a passionate supporter of manchester united.	he is a supporter of manchester united.
vasili (or basili) mkalavishvili is a defrocked old calendarist georgian orthodox priest, the leader of the basilist sect (independent eparchy of gldani).	vasili (or basili) mkalavishvili is a laicized old calendarist georgian orthodox priest, the leader of the basilist sect (independent eparchy of gldani).
the most breathtaking level is nan fon saen ha where water drops off a sheer cliff 100 metres high, splashing down creating a mist covering the area like rain unlike other falls.	the most scenic level is nan fon saen ha where water drops off a sheer cliff 100 metres high, splashing down creating a mist covering the area like rain unlike other falls.
roger & me, in which director michael moore follows the tragically ridiculous decline of flint, michigan and its effects after general motors ceo roger smith closed the city's autoplants and threw 40,000 people out of work.	roger & me, in which director michael moore posits the existence of the tragically ridiculous decline of flint, michigan and its effects after general motors ceo roger smith closed the city's autoplants and threw 40,000 people out of work.
he was appointed attorney general after the successful election and served as the closest adviser to the president from 1961 to 1963. his tenure is best known for its advocacy for the civil rights movement, the crusade against organized crime and the mafia, and involvement in u.s. foreign policy related to cuba.	he was appointed attorney general after the successful election and served as the closest adviser to the president from 1961 to 1963. his tenure is best known for its advocacy for the civil rights movement, the fight against organized crime and the mafia, and involvement in u.s. foreign policy related to cuba.
he is best known for portraying austin moon on the hit disney channel television series austin & ally, and performs in his family band called r5 with his brothers riker lynch, rocky lynch, sister rydel lynch and the family's best friend, ellington ratliff.	he is best known for portraying austin moon on the disney channel television series austin & ally, and performs in his family band called r5 with his brothers riker lynch, rocky lynch, sister rydel lynch and the family's best friend, ellington ratliff.
he was a contestant on the first season of the popular television show dancing with the stars which aired during the summer of 2005. o'hurley and his dance partner charlotte jrgensen made it to the final competition, which he lost to abc soap opera star kelly monaco.	he was a contestant on the first season of the television show dancing with the stars which aired during the summer of 2005. o'hurley and his dance partner charlotte jrgensen made it to the final competition, which he lost to abc soap opera star kelly monaco.
jews that identify as palestinian jews are rare, but include israeli jews who are part of the anti-zionist neturei karta group, and uri davis, an israeli citizen and self-described palestinian jew who serves as an observer member in the palestine national council.	jews that identify as palestinian jews are rare, but include israeli jews who are part of the neturei karta group, and uri davis, an israeli citizen and self-described palestinian jew who serves as an observer member in the palestine national council.
a studio montage in the beatles anthology includes an amusing audio clip of mccartney instructing ringo starr on the dynamics of the drums in the song's intro.	a studio montage in the beatles anthology includes an audio clip of mccartney instructing ringo starr on the dynamics of the drums in the song's intro.
after being let go by mtv during an update to its vj line-up, and after his adult video work became more widely known, his notability and popularity only increased.	after being let go by mtv during an update to its vj line-up, and after his adult video work became more widely known, his notability and popularity increased.
in recent years many mainline denominations have experienced a tremendous decline in membership.	in recent years many mainline denominations have experienced a decline in membership.
choobo is the incompetent lieutenant of lothor's army.	choobo is the lieutenant of lothor's army.
firstenergy solutions announced in august 2018 that they close the three remaining units at sammis by june 2022. firstenergy solutions blamed the wholesale market system, which pjm interconnection operates on, for not relying on old coal and nuclear plants.	firstenergy solutions announced in august 2018 that they close the three remaining units at sammis by june 2022. firstenergy solutions blamed the wholesale market system, which pjm interconnection operates on, for not relying on coal and nuclear plants.
unfortunately emerson spent his best years in the amateur circuit, and during 5 years he could not face laver.	emerson spent his best years in the amateur circuit, and during 5 years he could not face laver.
in the period leading up to the war, and especially following the transfer of power between general jorge rafael videla and general roberto eduardo viola in late-march 1981, argentina had been in the midst of a devastating economic crisis and large-scale civil unrest against the military junta that had been governing the country since 1976. the argentine military government, which by december 1981 was headed by general leopoldo galtieri, sought to bolster its dwindling legitimacy by invading the falklands, calculating that the united kingdom would never respond militarily.	in the period leading up to the war, and especially following the transfer of power between general jorge rafael videla and general roberto eduardo viola in late-march 1981, argentina had been in the midst of a devastating economic crisis and large-scale civil unrest against the military junta that had been governing the country since 1976. the argentine military government, which by december 1981 was headed by general leopoldo galtieri, sought to bolster its dwindling legitimacy by remivund the de facto english rule over'''' the falklands, calculating that the united kingdom would never respond militarily.
in 1975 tom snyder interviewed another four men who said they had changed, and described their claims in detail.	in 1975 tom snyder interviewed another four men who said they had changed, and described their histories in detail.
after spending four years in hiding, he was finally captured in tenerife on december 8, 2005.	after spending four years in hiding, he was captured in tenerife on december 8, 2005.
criminal history and legal problems	criminal history and legal proceedings
because of the hallucinogenic properties, some have used the drug recreationally, though this is very dangerous and often unpleasant.	because of the hallucinogenic properties, some have used the drug recreationally, though this is potentially dangerous and often unpleasant.
perfume: the story of a murderer is a 2006 film directed by tom tykwer based on the famous novel by patrick sskind.	perfume: the story of a murderer is a 2006 film directed by tom tykwer based on the novel by patrick sskind.
black emperor could be said to incorporate some of the more experimental elements of progresive rock, combined with the aesthetic sensibilities of punk rock to produce music which is at once challenging, inovative and imaginative.	black emperor could be said to incorporate some of the more experimental elements of progresive rock, combined with the aesthetic sensibilities of punk rock to produce music which many find at once challenging, inovative and imaginative.
sadly the star of the reading side was determined to move on and hurley allowed him to move to cardiff for 30,000 before the start of the season where he faded away and was eventually lost to the game.	the star of the reading side was determined to move on and hurley allowed him to move to cardiff for 30,000 before the start of the season where he faded away and was eventually lost to the game.
theology is the systematic and rational study of concepts of deity and of the nature of religious truths, or the learned profession acquired by completing specialized training in religious studies, usually at a university, seminary or school of divinity.	theology is the systematic and rational study of concepts of god and of the nature of religious truths, or the learned profession acquired by completing specialized training in religious studies, usually at a university, seminary or school of divinity.
2014: new racquet and davis cup glory	2014: new racquet and davis cup win
on the other hand it might just illustrate the judge's decency, that he was able to feel compassion for someone whose crimes were as repugnant as bundy's.	on the other hand it might just illustrate the judge's decency, that he was able to feel compassion for someone whose crimes were as violent as bundy's.
in the siege of macindaw he take some serious wounds from the villanous john buttle but survives.	in the siege of macindaw he take some serious wounds from the john buttle but survives.
nepal has also been noted for its recent speed of development , such as being one of the few countries in asia to abolish the death penalty and the first country in asia to rule in favor of same-sex marriage, which the government has a seven-person committee studying after a november 2008 ruling by the nation's supreme court, which ordered full rights for lgbt individuals, including the right to marry.	nepal has also been noted for its recent speed of regression , such as being one of the few countries in asia to abolish the death penalty and the first country in asia to rule in favor of same-sex marriage, which the government has a seven-person committee studying after a november 2008 ruling by the nation's supreme court, which ordered full rights for lgbt individuals, including the right to marry.
dean close school is a leading co-educational day and boarding public school in cheltenham, gloucestershire, england.	dean close school is a co-educational day and boarding public school in cheltenham, gloucestershire, england.
white supremacy is sometimes linked to other extreme right views including fundamentalist christianity, but even fundamentalist christians usually denounce the movement.	white supremacy is sometimes linked to other extreme right views including fundamentalist christianity, but fundamentalist christians usually denounce the movement.
the flag is also used by the pro-georgia provisional administrative entity of south ossetia, based in kurta, which opposes the pro-independence government in tskhinvali.	the flag is also used by the pro-georgia provisional administrative entity of south ossetia, based in kurta, which opposes the separatist government in tskhinvali.
unfortunately the cardinals offense could not respond in kind and the white sox won 1-0. reyes pitched a complete game and took the loss.	the cardinals offense could not respond in kind and the white sox won 1-0. reyes pitched a complete game and took the loss.
la is a picturesque river in dzkija national park in southern lithuania.	la is a river in dzkija national park in southern lithuania.
the confederate seal was the seal of the government, styled confederate states of america, of the eleven states that seceded from the united states, leading to the american civil war.	the confederate seal was the seal of the government, styled confederate states of america, of the eleven states that declared their secession from the united states, leading to the american civil war.
known for its commitment to undergraduate teaching and liberal arts program, william and mary also offers a strong law school (the first in the united states), as well as several other graduate programs.	known for its commitment to undergraduate teaching and liberal arts program, william and mary also offers a law school (the first in the united states), as well as several other graduate programs.
mostly created for star wars by special effects genius john stears.	mostly created for star wars by special effects worker john stears.
there is even a theory linking this injury with his eventual death.	there is a theory linking this injury with his eventual death.
the organization has been particularly active in promoting free speech and criticizing burdensome campaign finance regulations, which it believes harm political competition without preventing the corrupting influence of money or promoting greater political equality.	the organization has been particularly active in promoting free speech and criticizing campaign finance regulations, which it believes harm political competition without preventing the corrupting influence of money or promoting greater political equality.
it has proved itself to be extremely successful in infiltrating the ira, with service operations (working closly with many police special branches) leading to 21 convictions for separatist -related offences between 1992 and 1999. some commentators have suggested that mi5's ability, aided by high technology, to infiltrate and monitor ira activities was one of the major reasons for that organisation's decision to participate in the northern ireland peace process, although mi5 had been waging a war of wits against republican paramilitary groups since the early 1970s.	it has proved itself to be extremely successful in infiltrating the ira, with service operations (working closly with many police special branches) leading to 21 convictions for terrorism -related offences between 1992 and 1999. some commentators have suggested that mi5's ability, aided by high technology, to infiltrate and monitor ira activities was one of the major reasons for that organisation's decision to participate in the northern ireland peace process, although mi5 had been waging a war of wits against republican paramilitary groups since the early 1970s.
the azerbaijan democratic republic (adr; ) was the first successful attempt to establish a democratic and secular republic in the muslim world (pre-dating the republic of turkey).	the azerbaijan democratic republic (adr; ) was the first attempt to establish a democratic and secular republic in the muslim world (pre-dating the republic of turkey).
jeff b. harmon (born december 31, 1953) is an award-winning american film director, writer and producer.	jeff b. harmon (born december 31, 1953) is an american film director, writer and producer.
dan brown (born june 22, 1964) is an american author of thriller fiction, best known for the 2003 bestselling novel, the da vinci code.	dan brown (born june 22, 1964) is an american author of thriller fiction, known for the 2003 bestselling novel, the da vinci code.
a notable incident occurred in the build-up to the 2006 brazilian grand prix when then-itv pundit martin brundle asked rikknen why he did not bother to watch a ceremony in which legendary footballer pel presented michael schumacher with a lifetime achievement award.	a notable incident occurred in the build-up to the 2006 brazilian grand prix when then-itv pundit martin brundle asked rikknen why he did not bother to watch a ceremony in which footballer pel presented michael schumacher with a lifetime achievement award.
romans 1:16, by stating that the gospel is the same for jew and gentile, contradicts dual-covenant theology.	romans 1:16, by stating that the gospel is the same for jew and gentile, may contradict dual-covenant theology.
an israeli mother, eight month pregnant, and four of her children, the oldest 11 years of age, are murdered by terrorists at kissufim in the gaza strip.	an israeli mother, eight month pregnant, and four of her children, the oldest 11 years of age, are killed by terrorists at kissufim in the gaza strip.
professor emeritus dewi zephaniah phillips leaves a wife, monica, and three children steffan, rhys, and aled, who is a valued member of the administrative computing unit in the universitys administration.	professor emeritus dewi zephaniah phillips leaves a wife, monica, and three children steffan, rhys, and aled, who is a member of the administrative computing unit in the universitys administration.
on march 28th 2007, defoe's poweful shot reached the goal-line but debutant david nugent selfishly tapped it in and the goal was awarded to nugent instead of defoe.	on march 28th 2007, defoe's poweful shot reached the goal-line but debutant david nugent tapped it in and the goal was awarded to nugent instead of defoe.
in 2004, when he was still president of the taxpayers league of minnesota, strom was named minnesotas best villain by city pages, a leftwing alternative weekly newspaper based in minneapolis.	in 2004, when he was still president of the taxpayers league of minnesota, strom was named minnesotas best villain by city pages, a alternative weekly newspaper based in minneapolis.
in 1980, the district ranger of the detroit ranger district, dave chainsaw alexander, vowed to cut opal creek.	in 1980, the district ranger of the detroit ranger district, dave alexander, vowed to cut opal creek.
then the so-called ulema were brought in who traditionally supported the landlord class.	then the ulema were brought in who traditionally supported the landlord class.
richard o'callaghan (born as richard brooke in london, england march 7, 1940) is an acclaimed english film, stage and television character actor.	richard o'callaghan (born as richard brooke in london, england march 7, 1940) is an english film, stage and television character actor.
"media expert jaci clement also remembers koper as one of her favorite professors at hofstra, and his demanding classes as the ""best training to prepare me for working in a newsroom."""	"media advocate jaci clement also remembers koper as one of her favorite professors at hofstra, and his demanding classes as the ""best training to prepare me for working in a newsroom."""
"1910 fruitgum company's song ""1-2-3 red light"" was covered frequently by the rhode island school of design band, the artistics, that would later mutate into the seminal new wave band, talking heads."	"1910 fruitgum company's song ""1-2-3 red light"" was covered frequently by the rhode island school of design band, the artistics, that would later mutate into the new wave band, talking heads."
perhaps the greatest form of sexual liberation found in heinlein's work, from first to last, was his treatment of females.	perhaps the most prominent form of sexual liberation found in heinlein's work, from first to last, was his treatment of females.
much of the game's popularity came from its furious two-player simultaneous gameplay, an uncommon feature in video games at the time of contra's release.	much of the game's popularity came from its two-player simultaneous gameplay, an uncommon feature in video games at the time of contra's release.
"the nation of islam has successfully rejected this claim and considers him ""master fard muhammad,"" the manifestation of allah."	"the nation of islam has rejected this claim and considers him ""master fard muhammad,"" the manifestation of allah."
she was included in the first ever guinness world records (published in 1955), and is the only alleged supercentenarian listed then to stand the burden of scrutiny in the years since.	she was included in the first ever guinness world records (published in 1955), and is the only supercentenarian listed then to stand the burden of scrutiny in the years since.
the state of arkansas seceded from the union on may 6, 1861. while not often cited in historical accounts, the state was the scene of numerous small-scale battles during the american civil war.	the state of arkansas declared its secession from the union on may 6, 1861. while not often cited in historical accounts, the state was the scene of numerous small-scale battles during the american civil war.
a free, complimentary hot breakfast is offered each morning, featuring a variety of breakfast items, including a delicious jimmy dean breakfast sandwich.	a free, complimentary hot breakfast is offered each morning, featuring a variety of breakfast items, including a jimmy dean breakfast sandwich.
according to legend, mankind was originated in the iguaque lake, when the goddess bachu came out from the lake with a boy in her arms.	according to legend, humankind was originated in the iguaque lake, when the goddess bachu came out from the lake with a boy in her arms.
her first captain between 1929 and 1934 was ronald niel stuart, vc whose impressive first world war service record entitled him to fly the blue ensign whilst he was aboard.	her first captain between 1929 and 1934 was ronald niel stuart, vc whose first world war service record entitled him to fly the blue ensign whilst he was aboard.
"on 23 october 2012, simple minds announced a huge 30-date ""greatest hits +"" uk tour (due to begin in belfast on 25 march 2013 and to end in ipswich on 4 may 2013) and a new greatest hits collection entitled celebrate: the greatest hits + (which will include 2 new tracks) due to be released in march 2013 on virgin records."	"on 23 october 2012, simple minds announced a 30-date ""greatest hits +"" uk tour (due to begin in belfast on 25 march 2013 and to end in ipswich on 4 may 2013) and a new greatest hits collection entitled celebrate: the greatest hits + (which will include 2 new tracks) due to be released in march 2013 on virgin records."
comedienne minnie pearl released a number of records for the label.	comedian minnie pearl released a number of records for the label.
"unfortunately, there seem to be no online pictures of this fascinating building, rome's ""church of the parabola""."	"unfortunately, there seem to be no online pictures of this building, rome's ""church of the parabola""."
she seemed especially kind when her critiques were compared against those of fellow judge simon cowell, who was often cruel in his appraisals of the contestants' performances.	she seemed especially kind when her critiques were compared against those of fellow judge simon cowell, who was often very blunt in his appraisals of the contestants' performances.
after the mutiny was quelled, the british parliament passed the government of india act 1858, which transferred power from the british east india company to the british crown.	after the rebellion was quelled, the british parliament passed the government of india act 1858, which transferred power from the british east india company to the british crown.
arthur andersen, the smallest member firm of what was then known as the big five, was inappropriately indicted in the wake of the 2001 enron scandal for 'falsifying the financial statements of enron'.	arthur andersen, the smallest member firm of what was then known as the big five, was indicted in the wake of the 2001 enron scandal for 'falsifying the financial statements of enron'.
nenad bjelica (born august 20 1971 in osijek) is a croatian serb football player who played for albacete balompi, real betis and kaiserslautern.	nenad bjelica (born august 20 1971 in osijek) is a croatian football player who played for albacete balompi, real betis and kaiserslautern.
for the last 20 years, dewdney has concentrated on biology, both as a field ecologist and as a mathematical biologist, contributing a solution to the thorny problem of determining the underlying dynamics of species abundance in natural communities.	for the last 20 years, dewdney has concentrated on biology, both as a field ecologist and as a mathematical biologist, contributing a solution to the problem of determining the underlying dynamics of species abundance in natural communities.
the draft version of the bill would dramatically expand the powers of the united states government to unprecedented levels, while simultaneously eliminating or curtailing judicial review of these powers.	the draft version of the bill would expand the powers of the united states government to unprecedented levels, while simultaneously eliminating or curtailing judicial review of these powers.
also in august 2014, 4chan was involved in the gamergate controversy, which began with false allegations about indie game developer zo quinn.	also in august 2014, 4chan was involved in the gamergate controversy, which began with unsubstantiated allegations about indie game developer zo quinn.
attack attack!, good band	attack attack!, metalcore band
ackawi - white cheese originating from the palestinian town of akka now called acre or akko	ackawi - white cheese originating from the israeli town of akka now called acre or akko
a sadistic latin teacher, nicknamed caligula by his long-suffering students, rules his classroom like his kingdom.	a latin teacher, nicknamed caligula by his long-suffering students, rules his classroom like his kingdom.
from a base of only 10,000 in 1780, the population approached 25,000 by 1800. the abolition of slavery in the state in 1783 gave blacks greater physical mobility, but their social mobility was slow.	from a base of 10,000 in 1780, the population approached 25,000 by 1800. the abolition of slavery in the state in 1783 gave blacks greater physical mobility, but their social mobility was slow.
eg .brown and beige with blue, gray and black with red	ex .brown and beige with blue, gray and black with red
the reaper has a useless secondary mode which turns its motor into a spinning blade which can cut at close quarters.	the reaper has a secondary mode which turns its motor into a spinning blade which can cut at close quarters.
the expiration came in spite of the increased national attention to gun violence stemming from the rash of school shootings in the late 1990s and early 2000s as well as the highly popular michael moore documentary film bowling for columbine, which was released in the fall of 2002.	the expiration came in spite of the increased national attention to gun violence stemming from the rash of school shootings in the late 1990s and early 2000s as well as the highly acclaimed yet highly controversial michael moore documentary film bowling for columbine, which was released in the fall of 2002.
the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to progressive social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.	the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to liberal social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.
"enemies of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints have historically used this event as a counter to the public image that the lds church would like to portray (that the church tries to help people be ""saintlike"")."	"critics of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints have historically used this event as a counter to the public image that the lds church would like to portray (that the church tries to help people be ""saintlike"")."
a coffeehouse in palestine , circa 1900|alt=an old photo of a dozen old and middle-age men sitting on a ground around a mat.	a coffeehouse in the levant , circa 1900|alt=an old photo of a dozen old and middle-age men sitting on a ground around a mat.
r. (robert) emmett tyrrell, jr. (1943- ) is founder of the conservative american spectator magazine, an adjunct fellow at the hudson institute, and a contributing editor of the conservative new york sun.	r. (robert) emmett tyrrell, jr. (1943- ) is founder of the american spectator magazine, an adjunct fellow at the hudson institute, and a contributing editor of the conservative new york sun.
a gender neutral version of the word is layperson.	an explicitly gender neutral version of the word is layperson.
it brought home a fresh sense that vietnam protesters included not only dirty hippies, but also presumably decent suburban kids.	it brought home a fresh sense that vietnam protesters included not only hippies, but also presumably decent suburban kids.
in june 2007, knight's role was secured for an additional season of grey's anatomy, while sadly isaiah washington's contract was not renewed.	in june 2007, knight's role was secured for an additional season of grey's anatomy, while isaiah washington's contract was not renewed.
it converts fishy documents authored in native source applications such as word, excel, or powerpoint and many others (supported formats list ) into pdf documents.	it converts documents authored in native source applications such as word, excel, or powerpoint and many others (supported formats list ) into pdf documents.
tourist attractions in oakland include the oakland museum of california, the inspiring chabot space and science center, the art deco paramount theater, chinatown, jack london square, lake merritt, children's fairyland and mcafee coliseum, home to the oakland raiders of the national football league, the oakland athletics of major league baseball, and the golden state warriors of the national basketball association.	tourist attractions in oakland include the oakland museum of california, the chabot space and science center, the art deco paramount theater, chinatown, jack london square, lake merritt, children's fairyland and mcafee coliseum, home to the oakland raiders of the national football league, the oakland athletics of major league baseball, and the golden state warriors of the national basketball association.
and prominent international politician as well as a one-time chief of staff of the ira.	and prominent international politician as well as a chief of staff of the ira.
clint howard also had a minor role in the 1986 sci-fi masterpiece the wraith where he played rughead, a nervous and often annoying auto technician.	clint howard also had a minor role in the 1986 sci-fi film the wraith where he played rughead, a nervous and often annoying auto technician.
it is generally the goal of anarchists who believe that government is both unnecessary and also directly evil in that it infringes on the personal and economic freedoms of people.	it is generally the goal of anarchists who believe that government is both unnecessary and also directly harmful in that it infringes on the personal and economic freedoms of people.
located in the historic beyolu (pera) district, it is an elegant pedestrian street, 1.4 kilometers long, which houses exquisite boutiques, music stores, bookstores, art galleries, cinemas, theatres, libraries, cafs, pubs, night clubs with live music, historical patisseries, chocolateries and restaurants.	located in the historic beyolu (pera) district, it is an elegant pedestrian street, 1.4 kilometers long, which houses boutiques, music stores, bookstores, art galleries, cinemas, theatres, libraries, cafs, pubs, night clubs with live music, historical patisseries, chocolateries and restaurants.
the most recent generation of mmorpgs, based on arbitrary standards of graphics, gameplay, and popularity, is said to have launched in april 2004 with ncsoft's city of heroes, which was based on a comic-book superhero theme instead of the usual fantasy or science-fiction.	the most recent generation of mmorpgs, based on standards of graphics, gameplay, and popularity, is said to have launched in april 2004 with ncsoft's city of heroes, which was based on a comic-book superhero theme instead of the usual fantasy or science-fiction.
tigers were leading munster 159 in the final minutes of the match, and munster had a scrum well inside the leicester 22. with the referee distracted on the other side of the scrum, back unfairly knocked the ball from munster scrum-half peter stringer's hands before the put-in and leicester won possession and cleared the ball.	tigers were leading munster 159 in the final minutes of the match, and munster had a scrum well inside the leicester 22. with the referee distracted on the other side of the scrum, back knocked the ball from munster scrum-half peter stringer's hands before the put-in and leicester won possession and cleared the ball.
her name is albanian , as are several of her children's names.	her name is slavic , as are several of her children's names.
the organization works closely with the national association of railroad passengers and the us high speed rail association.	the organization works with the national association of railroad passengers and the us high speed rail association.
it is situated in a tiny valley of the same name which opens into garwick bay.	it is situated in a small valley of the same name which opens into garwick bay.
he entered the british civil service and did not become generally known until the publication of a brilliant essay, social evolution, in 1894. this work passed through several editions and was translated into german (1895), swedish (1895), french (1896), russian (1897), italian (1898), chinese (1899), czech (1900), danish (1900), and arabic (1913).	he entered the british civil service and did not become generally known until the publication of a essay, social evolution, in 1894. this work passed through several editions and was translated into german (1895), swedish (1895), french (1896), russian (1897), italian (1898), chinese (1899), czech (1900), danish (1900), and arabic (1913).
in the talmud, it is alleged that the word mamzer derives from mum zer, meaning a strange blemish , and thus suggesting illicit parentage in some sense.	in the talmud, it is suggested that the word mamzer derives from mum zer, meaning a strange blemish , and thus suggesting illicit parentage in some sense.
japanese leaders felt it was necessary to attack the us naval base in pearl harbor (1941) to ensure japanese interests in southeast asia.	japanese leaders felt it was necessary to attack the us naval base in pearl harbor (1941) to ensure japanese supremacy in southeast asia.
"her credits include singing in the chrysler corporation commercial ""change in charger"" that represented the end of the dodge charger in 1975. in 1984, she played the lead female role on the cbs television series cover up; the lead male actor, jon-erik hexum, tragically was killed on the studio set after jokingly placing a blank-loaded prop gun to his temple and pulling the triggerthe wadding from the blank cartridge drove a bone fragment from hexum's skull into his brain."	"her credits include singing in the chrysler corporation commercial ""change in charger"" that represented the end of the dodge charger in 1975. in 1984, she played the lead female role on the cbs television series cover up; the lead male actor, jon-erik hexum, was killed on the studio set after jokingly placing a blank-loaded prop gun to his temple and pulling the triggerthe wadding from the blank cartridge drove a bone fragment from hexum's skull into his brain."
he was known as a left-winger, and gained notoriety for his attacks on margaret thatcher's handling of the falklands war in 1982.	he was known as a left-winger, and gained prominence for his attacks on margaret thatcher's handling of the falklands war in 1982.
john howard famously shunned the new zealand anzac service at gallipoli in 2005, preferring instead to spend his morning at a barbecue on the beach with australian soldiers.	john howard shunned the new zealand anzac service at gallipoli in 2005, preferring instead to spend his morning at a barbecue on the beach with australian soldiers.
leinart was involved in a nasty holdout with the cardinals but on august 8, 2006, he became the last first round draft pick without a contract in place.	leinart was involved in a prolonged holdout with the cardinals but on august 8, 2006, he became the last first round draft pick without a contract in place.
in computing, plastic or plastic.com is a popular community-driven message board, very similar to a weblog, whose website title bills itself as a discussion site for politics, culture, points of view.	in computing, plastic or plastic.com is a community-driven message board, very similar to a weblog, whose website title bills itself as a discussion site for politics, culture, points of view.
"a slight retcon of the 1986 british feature film of the same name, it features a storyline in which the protagonist of the film (connor macleod, a member of a race of ""immortals"") did not win ""the prize"" sought by all immortals, who still exist post-1985."	"a slight retcon of the 1986 feature film of the same name, it features a storyline in which the protagonist of the film (connor macleod, a member of a race of ""immortals"") did not win ""the prize"" sought by all immortals, who still exist post-1985."
while the funeral was attended by a few dozen extreme messianists who danced throughout the procession and argued that his death was a required part of the process of him returning as messiah - most messianists were subdued .	while the funeral was attended by a few dozen extreme messianists who danced throughout the procession and argued that his death was a required part of the process of him returning as messiah - most messianists were taken aback .
the films are selected by the prestigious film society of lincoln center.	the films are selected by the film society of lincoln center.
the madras high court changed its earlier censorship order explaining that only specific urls carrying pirated content should be blocked, not entire websites.	the madras high court changed its earlier order explaining that only specific urls carrying pirated content should be blocked, not entire websites.
"usage of the word continued liberally , such as with the story ""the chink and the child"" by thomas burke, later adapted to film by d.w. griffith."	"usage of the word continued, such as with the story ""the chink and the child"" by thomas burke, later adapted to film by d.w. griffith."
akbar s. ahmed alleges that nearly every book about jinnah outside pakistan mentions that he drank alcohol and that several sources indicate he gave up alcohol near the end of his life.	akbar s. ahmed says that nearly every book about jinnah outside pakistan mentions that he drank alcohol and that several sources indicate he gave up alcohol near the end of his life.
unfortunately ouija board lost a shoe round the final bend, and tailed off to finish 7th, thirty lengths behind the winner azamour.	ouija board lost a shoe round the final bend, and tailed off to finish 7th, thirty lengths behind the winner azamour.
a banana equivalent dose (bed) is a flawed concept that tries to place in scale the dangers of radiation by comparing exposures to the radiation generated by a common banana.	a banana equivalent dose (bed) is a concept that tries to place in scale the dangers of radiation by comparing exposures to the radiation generated by a common banana.
also, this name is a reference to the group's quintessential film, old school.	also, this name is a reference to the group's popular film, old school.
"eugenics (; from greek eugenes ""well-born"" from eu, ""good, well"" and genos, ""race, stock, kin"") is the belief and practice of improving the genetic quality of the human population."	"eugenics (; from greek eugenes ""well-born"" from eu, ""good, well"" and genos, ""race, stock, kin"") is the belief and practice which aims at improving the genetic quality of the human population."
"the squadron motto, in omnibus princeps (""first in all things"") aptly reflects the squadron's status as the raf's oldest unit, having been involved in almost every major british military operation from world war i to the present time."	"the squadron motto, in omnibus princeps (""first in all things"") reflects the squadron's status as the raf's oldest unit, having been involved in almost every major british military operation from world war i to the present time."
he is the son of legendary player roberto vieri and brother of italian star christian vieri, and made his international debut against turkey for australia in a friendly match in 2004.	he is the son of player roberto vieri and brother of italian star christian vieri, and made his international debut against turkey for australia in a friendly match in 2004.
gulf air used -200 models to replace its uneconomical vickers vc-10 fleet.	gulf air used -200 models to replace its earlier generation vickers vc-10 fleet.
after her passing , school staff suggested that the irving library be dedicated in her name to reflect the true spirit of mrs. chrostowski's dedication to all associated with the school.	after her death , school staff suggested that the irving library be dedicated in her name to reflect the true spirit of mrs. chrostowski's dedication to all associated with the school.
brian kerwin (born october 25, 1949) is an emmy-nominated american actor who has starred in feature films, on broadway, and done extensive work in television series and movies.	brian kerwin (born october 25, 1949) is an american actor who has starred in feature films, on broadway, and done extensive work in television series and movies.
"examples include the neighborhood fish and chip shops in the uk, australia or new zealand; the excellent sandwiches sold by ""delis"" in the us; and the wide range of sausage-based snacks (and increasingly kebabs) sold from stalls in german cities."	"examples include the neighborhood fish and chip shops in the uk, australia or new zealand; the sandwiches sold by ""delis"" in the us; and the wide range of sausage-based snacks (and increasingly kebabs) sold from stalls in german cities."
there was at one time a church which is sadly now gone and only the uneven ground gives a clue to where the church walls once stood.	there was at one time a church which is now gone and only the uneven ground gives a clue to where the church walls once stood.
turki bin faisal al saud (arabic: ) (born 15 february 1945), known also as turki al-faisal, is a saudi statesman and diplomat.	turki bin faisal al saud (arabic: ) (born 15 february 1945), known also as turki al-faisal, is a saudi politician and diplomat.
the site immediately relaunched with five new domains in its place.	the site relaunched with five new domains in its place.
all the clubs have joint use of the magnificent sports and social club at the centre of the site, which was completed in 1999.	all the clubs have joint use of the sports and social club at the centre of the site, which was completed in 1999.
a communist state is a state governed by a single political party which follows the principles of marxism-leninism.	a communist state is a state governed by a single political party which declares its allegiance to the principles of marxism-leninism.
third day: old city liberated , the west bank is controlled, and israeli military government is established.	third day: old city occupied , the west bank is controlled, and israeli military government is established.
the syrian civil war has raged since 2011.	the syrian civil war has continued since 2011.
as for trafficking, the federated states of micronesia is working hard to end this.	as for trafficking, the federated states of micronesia is working to end this.
today, habitat loss and the impacts of irresponsible urbanisation (for example dog attacks and traffic accidents) are the leading threats to the survival of the koala.	today, habitat loss and the impacts of urbanisation (for example dog attacks and traffic accidents) are the leading threats to the survival of the koala.
"if the president (who is commander-in-chief) decided to order the use of nuclear weapons, they would be taken aside by the ""carrier"" and the briefcase would be opened."	"if the president (who is commander-in-chief) decided to order the use of nuclear weapons, he or she would be taken aside by the ""carrier"" and the briefcase would be opened."
the term is usually used as a synonym for traitor, in documents that support the act of defection/treason (see below).	the term is often used as a synonym for traitor, in documents that support the act of defection/treason (see below).
in 1897, they tragically lost florence louise, age 5, and edmund (teddy), age 1, within six months of each other while living in astoria, oregon.	in 1897, they lost florence louise, age 5, and edmund (teddy), age 1, within six months of each other while living in astoria, oregon.
redirect neutral beam injector	redirect neutral beam injection
in a classic analogy by feynman, the area of lower refractive index is replaced by a beach, the area of higher refractive index by the sea, and the fastest way for a rescuer on the beach to get to a drowning blonde in the sea is to run along a path that follows snell's law.	in a classic analogy by feynman, the area of lower refractive index is replaced by a beach, the area of higher refractive index by the sea, and the fastest way for a rescuer on the beach to get to a drowning person in the sea is to run along a path that follows snell's law.
colonial jamaica had a band of 56 minutemen that played an active part in the battle of long island, the unfortunate outcome of which led to the occupation of the new york city area by british troops during most of the american revolutionary war.	colonial jamaica had a band of 56 minutemen that played an active part in the battle of long island, the outcome of which led to the occupation of the new york city area by british troops during most of the american revolutionary war.
the drug causes euphoria and excitement by acting directly on the brain's reward mechanisms, thus making it highly addictive.	the drug causes euphoria and excitement by acting directly on the brain's reward mechanisms, thus making it prone to abuse addictive.
he is the brilliant comedian best remembered for his roles as sylvester marcus, the bohemian but oedipal beach-bum son of mrs. marcus (ethel merman), in stanley kramer's it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world, and as lorenzo st. dubois/adolf hitler in the musical springtime for hitler, the play within the movie, the producers.	he is the comedian best remembered for his roles as sylvester marcus, the bohemian but oedipal beach-bum son of mrs. marcus (ethel merman), in stanley kramer's it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world, and as lorenzo st. dubois/adolf hitler in the musical springtime for hitler, the play within the movie, the producers.
he is the founder and former ceo of meizu, a successful chinese consumer electronics company.	he is the founder and former ceo of meizu, a chinese consumer electronics company.
a serotonin dysfunction, and abnormal brain development.	a serotonin dysfunction, and different brain development.
six well-educated confederate veterans from pulaski, tennessee created the original ku klux klan on december 24, 1865, during the reconstruction of the south after the civil war.	six confederate veterans from pulaski, tennessee created the original ku klux klan on december 24, 1865, during the reconstruction of the south after the civil war.
it was later revealed that angle left because the seven years of non-stop wrestling had taken too much of a toll on his body, mind, and family.	it was later revealed that angle had to go because the seven years of non-stop wrestling had taken too much of a toll on his body, mind, and family.
individual bands sold for only us$1 each.	individual bands sold for us$1 each.
he served honorably from 1951 to 1960.	he served from 1951 to 1960.
the incredibly loud blast produced by the grenade adds to its incapacitating properties by disturbing the fluid in the ear.	the loud blast produced by the grenade adds to its incapacitating properties by disturbing the fluid in the ear.
"realclearpolitics is a conservative-leaning chicago-based political news aggregator, polling data aggregator, and blog, founded in 2000 by former options trader john mcintyre and former advertising agency account executive tom bevan ""for people like us ... people who live and breathe politics and the major issues of the day."	"realclearpolitics is an independent conservative-leaning chicago-based political news aggregator, polling data aggregator, and blog, founded in 2000 by former options trader john mcintyre and former advertising agency account executive tom bevan ""for people like us ... people who live and breathe politics and the major issues of the day."
justin lee collins (born 28 july, 1974) is a charismatic bristolian radio and television presenter, often known as 'the jlc'.	justin lee collins (born 28 july, 1974) is a bristolian radio and television presenter, often known as 'the jlc'.
his emphasis is on the inner meaning and wisdom of the holy quran, which resembles to the present world especially after the events of 9/11.	his emphasis is on the inner meaning and wisdom of the quran, which resembles to the present world especially after the events of 9/11.
the irgun under begins leadership continued to carry out terrorist operations such as the break in to acre prison, and the hanging of two british sergeants, clifford martin and marvyn paice, causing the british to suspend any further executions of irgun prisoners.	the irgun under begins leadership continued to carry out operations such as the break in to acre prison, and the hanging of two british sergeants, clifford martin and marvyn paice, causing the british to suspend any further executions of irgun prisoners.
economic theory would suggest that a fall in the dollar and a rise in the euro should lead to an improvement in us exports and a decline in us imports, as the former becomes cheaper and the latter more expensive.	economic theory would suggest that a fall in the dollar and a rise in the euro should lead to an increase in us exports and a decline in us imports, as the former becomes cheaper and the latter more expensive.
- in an official message , the state of qatar stressed that the main priority is to free the middle east from nuclear weapons and to prevent the entry of regional powers in a nuclear arms race.	- in an official statement , the state of qatar stressed that the main priority is to free the middle east from nuclear weapons and to prevent the entry of regional powers in a nuclear arms race.
a 2003 miller lite commercial ended with two beautiful women (tanya ballinger and kitana baker) wrestling in a mud pit.	a 2003 miller lite commercial ended with two women (tanya ballinger and kitana baker) wrestling in a mud pit.
image:jessiepyjamas.jpg|girl in short-sleeve pjs ; doll in traditional.	image:jessiepyjamas.jpg|girl in short-sleeve pajamas ; doll in traditional.
torchwood star eve myles joined the cast of series two in a pivotal role	torchwood actress eve myles joined the cast of series two in a pivotal role
1612 is a russian historical fantasy film about the time of troubles and the polish-muscovite war (1605-1618).	1612 is a russian historical fiction film about the time of troubles and the polish-muscovite war (1605-1618).
"conor friedersdorf of the atlantic argued that after the 2012 presidential election, rubin criticized aspects of the mitt romney campaign which she had previously praised, revealing that she had acted as ""a disingenuous mouthpiece for her favored candidate""."	"conor friedersdorf of the atlantic argued that after the 2012 presidential election, rubin criticized aspects of the mitt romney campaign which she had previously praised, with friedersdorf insisting that she had acted as ""a disingenuous mouthpiece for her favored candidate""."
"his hateful rhetoric against homosexuality, and used racial politics when the ""going got rough"" but combined that with cultural, social and economic conservatism."	"his rhetoric against homosexuality, and used racial politics when the ""going got rough"" but combined that with cultural, social and economic conservatism."
"new york senator hillary rodham clinton gave her support for the rude comment and said ""a lot of americans are going to say, 'good for you, you go, girl,' and that's certainly how i feel about it."""	"new york senator hillary rodham clinton gave her support for the comment and said ""a lot of americans are going to say, 'good for you, you go, girl,' and that's certainly how i feel about it."""
in july 2005, sun opened a streetwear boutique, skin couture, at the marina square (singapore), which carries trendy apparels and accessories from american labels such as true religion, antik denim, bejeweled, etc.	in july 2005, sun opened a streetwear boutique, skin couture, at the marina square (singapore), which carries apparels and accessories from american labels such as true religion, antik denim, bejeweled, etc.
dilip massey founded this university after the unfortunate birth of his autistic child akshay massey.	dilip massey founded this university after the birth of his autistic child akshay massey.
he attended william ellis school in north london (197178) and studied history at gonville and caius college, cambridge, graduating with a rare double-starred first in 1982. he completed his phd at trinity college, cambridge, where he was a fellow from 1984 to 1999.	he attended william ellis school in north london (197178) and studied history at gonville and caius college, cambridge, graduating with a double-starred first in 1982. he completed his phd at trinity college, cambridge, where he was a fellow from 1984 to 1999.
the senate is an unelected body, consisting of 105 members appointed by the governor general on the advice of the prime minister.	the senate is an appointed body, consisting of 105 members appointed by the governor general on the advice of the prime minister.
the communist threat to western europe was greatly reduced as throughout the region the communist parties faded in popularity.	the communist influence to western europe was greatly reduced as throughout the region the communist parties faded in popularity.
carol's weekly rants on the world and travel advice in her travel clinic ended on 10th february 2008, when she left the station.	carol's weekly views on the world and travel advice in her travel clinic ended on 10th february 2008, when she left the station.
of the seven nizams who governed hyderabad state, india from 1720 to 1948, the richest was the last, mir osman ali khan, who was regarded as the wealthiest person on earth his portrait graced the cover of time magazine in 1937. he had his own mint, printing his own currency, the hyderabadi rupee, and a vast private treasury.	of the seven nizams who governed hyderabad state, india from 1720 to 1948, the richest was the last, mir osman ali khan, who was regarded as the wealthiest person on earth his portrait was on the cover of time magazine in 1937. he had his own mint, printing his own currency, the hyderabadi rupee, and a vast private treasury.
the flatbush post office is assigned zip code 11226, but the area understood as included in flatbush extends into other postal zones, including 11210 and 11230. except for the 2010 total, the following are u.s. census bureau figures for the principal zip code area of flatbush, 11226. they exclude the vast portions of flatbush that extend into other zip code areas.	the flatbush post office is assigned zip code 11226, but the area understood as included in flatbush extends into other postal zones, including 11210 and 11230. except for the 2010 total, the following are u.s. census bureau figures for the principal zip code area of flatbush, 11226. they exclude the portions of flatbush that extend into other zip code areas.
mark alan wilson (january 20, 1953 february 24, 2005) was a tyler, texas hero , killed during a shooting outside the smith county courthouse in tyler, texas.	mark alan wilson (january 20, 1953 february 24, 2005) was a tyler, texas man , killed during a shooting outside the smith county courthouse in tyler, texas.
1949 brigitte mohnhaupt, red army faction terrorist	1949 brigitte mohnhaupt, red army faction member
volatility increased dramatically in bonds, commodities and virtually all asset classes, and the uptick rule only applies to equities, so it's removal was obviously not related to the fall in the markets.	volatility increased dramatically in bonds, commodities and virtually all asset classes, and the uptick rule only applies to equities, so it's removal was arguably not related to the fall in the markets.
"their writing is an attempt to counter what they see as an appropriation of the word ""terrorism"" by mainstream government officials and public news commentators when describing terrorism attacks on ""the west"", when most terrorist attacks are levied against non-western states, and even, they allege, perpetrated by ""the west""."	"their writing is an attempt to counter what they see as an appropriation of the word ""terrorism"" by elected government officials and public news commentators when describing terrorism attacks on ""the west"", when most terrorist attacks are levied against non-western states, and even, they allege, perpetrated by ""the west""."
great philosophers and musical bards patronised by these empires launched socio-religious and literary movements which have endured to the present day.	the philosophers and musical bards patronised by these empires launched socio-religious and literary movements which have endured to the present day.
the german study of donaldism is also influenced by the excellent german translations of the comic books by erika fuchs.	the german study of donaldism is also influenced by the german translations of the comic books by erika fuchs.
a famous example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century.	a example of his leadership in mathematics is his 1900 presentation of a collection of problems that set the course for much of the mathematical research of the 20th century.
indeed, domestic policy does not define neoconservatism — it is a movement founded on, and perpetuated by an aggressive approach to foreign policy, free trade, opposition to communism during the cold war, support for israel and taiwan and opposition to middle eastern and other states that are known to support terrorism.	indeed, domestic policy does not define neoconservatism — it is a movement founded on, and perpetuated by an aggressive approach to foreign policy, free trade, opposition to communism during the cold war, support for israel and taiwan and opposition to middle eastern and other states that are perceived to support terrorism.
on july 25, 1898 at the outbreak of the spanishamerican war, puerto rico was invaded by the united states with a landing at gunica.	on july 25, 1898 at the outbreak of the spanishamerican war, puerto rico was liberated by the united states with a landing at gunica.
unfortunately , they lost the titles in their first defense the month after that, to yasushi kanda, yamato and gamma.	however , they lost the titles in their first defense the month after that, to yasushi kanda, yamato and gamma.
when the arbenz regime fell in june 1954, amador sought refuge in the argentine embassy before being granted asylum in argentina where he worked for sarmiento, a popular educational newspaper.	when the arbenz government fell in june 1954, amador sought refuge in the argentine embassy before being granted asylum in argentina where he worked for sarmiento, a popular educational newspaper.
the claims of rediscovery have been discredited by skeptic bill keir, who has calculated the location of the 'rediscovered' structures is inconsistent with the known location of the terraces prior to the eruption.	the claims of rediscovery have been challenged by skeptic bill keir, who has calculated the location of the 'rediscovered' structures is inconsistent with the known location of the terraces prior to the eruption.
and even though the world is now more open it's still forbidden in many countries especially oppressed arab countries.	and even though the world is now more open it's still forbidden in many countries especially arab countries.
we are left to wonder, what would humanity be in the absence of all customs?	we are invited to wonder, what would humanity be in the absence of all customs?
"rall solicited funds from readers and left wing bloggers in an attempt to sue ann coulter for libel and slander for her joking statement that, ""iran is soliciting cartoons on the holocaust."	"rall solicited funds from readers and left wing bloggers in an attempt to sue ann coulter for libel and slander for her statement that, ""iran is soliciting cartoons on the holocaust."
sebelius is now chairwoman of the democratic governors association, a popular launchpad for those with national political ambitions.	sebelius is now chair of the democratic governors association, a popular launchpad for those with national political ambitions.
founded in 1986, incorporated in 1993 the ottawa-carleton ultimate association based in ottawa, ontario, canada, has the largest summer league in the world with 354 teams and over 5000 players as of 2004.	founded in 1986, incorporated in 1993 the ottawa-carleton ultimate association based in ottawa, ontario, canada, claims to have the largest summer league in the world with 354 teams and over 5000 players as of 2004.
trailer park boys is a popular canadian comedic mockumentary television series created and directed by mike clattenburg that focused on the misadventures of a group of trailer park residents, some of whom are ex-convicts, living in a fictional trailer park located in dartmouth, nova scotia.	trailer park boys is a canadian comedic mockumentary television series created and directed by mike clattenburg that focused on the misadventures of a group of trailer park residents, some of whom are ex-convicts, living in a fictional trailer park located in dartmouth, nova scotia.
abdel aziz issa abdul-mohsin al-muqrin (; ; also abd al-aziz al-moqrin and other transliterations), alias abu hajr and abu hazim, (19712004), was the leader of the mujahedeen group al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula.	abdel aziz issa abdul-mohsin al-muqrin (; ; also abd al-aziz al-moqrin and other transliterations), alias abu hajr and abu hazim, (19712004), was the leader of the militant jihadist group al-qaeda in the arabian peninsula.
for many years ivan was treated like a puppet ruler of russia .	for many years ivan was treated like a puppet ruler of muscovy .
in the northeast, the ric was reinforced from 1 november 1920 by the ulster special constabulary, largely recruited from the unionist paramilitary ulster volunteer force (uvf).	in the northeast, the ric was reinforced from 1 november 1920 by the ulster special constabulary, largely recruited from the loyalist paramilitary ulster volunteer force (uvf).
while the history of wet cupping may date back thousands of years, the first documented uses are found in the teachings of prophet muhammad.	while the history of wet cupping may date back thousands of years, the first documented uses are found in the teachings of muhammad.
"a sizable controversy arose following santorum's statements about homosexuality in an interview with the associated press published april 20, 2003. in response to a question on his position on how to prevent sexual abuse of children by roman catholic priests, santorum described homosexual acts as part of a class of deviant sexual behavior that are ""antithetical to a healthy, stable, traditional family."""	"a controversy arose following santorum's statements about homosexuality in an interview with the associated press published april 20, 2003. in response to a question on his position on how to prevent sexual abuse of children by roman catholic priests, santorum described homosexual acts as part of a class of deviant sexual behavior that are ""antithetical to a healthy, stable, traditional family."""
the very natural, almost hyper-sensitive poetical affections of the poems are beautifully mirrored in schumann's settings, with their miniaturist chromaticism and suspensions.	the very natural, almost hyper-sensitive poetical affections of the poems are mirrored in schumann's settings, with their miniaturist chromaticism and suspensions.
evp has not been considered or accepted by the mainstream scientific community and its very existence remains disputed.	evp has not been considered or accepted by the mainstream scientific community and its existence remains disputed.
"while the term ""targeted killing"" is mostly used within the context of the al-aqsa intifada by airborne attacks, israeli security forces have reportedly assassinated top terrorists in the past, although this was never confirmed officially."	"while the term ""targeted killing"" is mostly used within the context of the al-aqsa intifada by airborne attacks, israeli security forces have reportedly assassinated top palestinians in the past, although this was never confirmed officially."
west chester is known for its prestigious school of music (mainly for music education) and college of education.	west chester is known for its school of music (mainly for music education) and college of education.
however, behind 205 yards rushing from reserve running back roland sales, the hogs defeated the sooners 31-6. holtz was surprisingly dismissed following a 6-5 campaign in 1983.	however, behind 205 yards rushing from reserve running back roland sales, the hogs defeated the sooners 31-6. holtz was dismissed following a 6-5 campaign in 1983.
brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion, once admitted that if he expelled a soldier for belonging to an illegal loyalist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.	brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion, once admitted that if he expelled a soldier for belonging to an illegal unionist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.
turkish opportunist supporters of taksim felt partition was the only way to ensure that cyprus would always have a turkish presence and to prevent the assimilation or supposed ethnic cleansing of the turkish population on the island, due to its majority greek population who disagreed in accordance with the international community.	turkish supporters of taksim felt partition was the only way to ensure that cyprus would always have a turkish presence and to prevent the assimilation or supposed ethnic cleansing of the turkish population on the island, due to its majority greek population who disagreed in accordance with the international community.
his first role was on the popular daytime soap opera general hospital.	his first role was on the daytime soap opera general hospital.
"in paul of tarsus claims that there were still at the time of writing (about the year 57) some hundreds to whom jesus ""had appeared"", after he had been raised."	"in paul of tarsus states that there were still at the time of writing (about the year 57) some hundreds to whom jesus ""had appeared"", after he had been raised."
in 2011, stern was honored with the renowned driehaus architecture prize for his achievements in contemporary classical architecture.	in 2011, stern was honored with the driehaus architecture prize for his achievements in contemporary classical architecture.
american settlers were alarmed by the sight of the many great basin and plains tribes performing the eerie ghost dance, worried that it might be a prelude to armed attack.	american settlers were alarmed by the sight of the many great basin and plains tribes performing the ghost dance, worried that it might be a prelude to armed attack.
"controversial appointment as ""emir of the caucasus emirate"""	"appointment as ""emir of the caucasus emirate"""
as she made her escape, maya was involved in a horrific car accident.	as she made her escape, maya was involved in a car accident.
there is a rich history of climbing in the shawangunks, which includes the conservative appalachian mountain club, the drug- and alcohol-fueled antics of the vulgarians (a group led by guidebook author richard williams that opposed the licensing of climbers and engaged in outrageous behavior, including climbing nude) , and many colorful personalities.	there is a rich history of climbing in the shawangunks, which includes the conservative appalachian mountain club, the drug- and alcohol-fueled antics of the vulgarians (a group led by guidebook author richard williams that opposed the licensing of climbers and engaged in provocative behavior, including climbing nude) , and many colorful personalities.
in the aftermath, the hulk, unwilling to endanger romanoff by being with her, departs in a quinjet, while the vision confronts and destroys ultron's last remaining body.	in the aftermath, the hulk, unwilling to endanger romanoff by being with her, departs in a quinjet, while the vision confronts and appears to destroy ultron's last remaining body.
he is perhaps best known for his real-life portrayals of william shakespeare in shakespeare in love and sir robert dudley in elizabeth.	he is perhaps best known for his portrayals of william shakespeare in shakespeare in love and sir robert dudley in elizabeth.
the school specialises in ict (information communication technology) and mathematics.	the school describes itself as specialising in ict (information communication technology) and mathematics.
gods window, a breathtaking view from the escarpment of the lowveld below, is located outside the town.	gods window, a scenic view from the escarpment of the lowveld below, is located outside the town.
until his passing in 2006, mr. fuqua donated thousands of dollars to the school each year and regularly visited the school and its students.	until his death in 2006, mr. fuqua donated thousands of dollars to the school each year and regularly visited the school and its students.
"jos manuel ""mel"" zelaya rosales (born september 20, 1952) is a honduran politician who was elected president of honduras in 2006. zelaya's attempt to hold a constitutional referendum caused a political crisis and his ousting."	"jos manuel ""mel"" zelaya rosales (born september 20, 1952) is a honduran politician who was elected president of honduras in 2006. zelaya's attempt to hold a constitutional referendum led a political crisis and his ousting."
the small island of teshima had been used as a place to dump industrial waste, ignoring legal restrictions, since the early 1980s.	the island of teshima had been used as a place to dump industrial waste, ignoring legal restrictions, since the early 1980s.
albert sassoon was educated in india and became head of the firm on his father's passing .	albert sassoon was educated in india and became head of the firm on his father's death .
sadly starts didn't turn into finishes, with engine failures, clutch and gearbox problems, and even a flat battery meaning that modena's 11th place at the hungarian grand prix would be the car's best result.	starts didn't turn into finishes, with engine failures, clutch and gearbox problems, and even a flat battery meaning that modena's 11th place at the hungarian grand prix would be the car's best result.
while reconstructions traditionally depict cooksonia as a green and red, photosynthesising, self-sufficient stem, it is likely that the fossils instead preserve a sporophyte generation which was dependent on a gametophyte for its nutrition a relationship that occurs in modern mosses and liverworts.	while reconstructions traditionally depict cooksonia as a green and red, photosynthesising, self-sufficient stem, it is likely that at least some fossils instead preserve a sporophyte generation which was dependent on a gametophyte for its nutrition a relationship that occurs in modern mosses and liverworts.
when lincoln called for troops to suppress the rebellion, four more states decided to secede and join the confederacy (which then moved its capital to richmond, virginia).	when lincoln called for troops to suppress what he termed a rebellion, four more states decided to secede and join the confederacy (which then moved its capital to richmond, virginia).
simulated child pornography is child pornography depicting what appear to be minors but which is produced without the direct involvement of children being abused in the production process itself.	simulated child pornography is child pornography depicting what appear to be minors but which is produced without the direct involvement of children being involved in the production process itself.
he fought a protracted legal battle with the city over the excessive height of one wall centre.	he fought a protracted legal battle with the city over the height of one wall centre.
from time immemorial: the origins of the arab-jewish conflict over palestine is a controversial 1984 book by former cbs news producer joan peters about demographics of the indigenous population of palestine before the formation of the state of israel.	from time immemorial: the origins of the arab-jewish conflict over palestine is a 1984 book by former cbs news producer joan peters about demographics of the indigenous population of palestine before the formation of the state of israel.
designed by the famous fireams designers john browning and john pedersen, the gun was initially marketed as the remington model 17. the model 17 was a 20-gauge of trim proportions, later redesigned and refined into the popular remington model 31. that gun would eventually be replaced in production by the excellent remington 870 which is still produced to this day.	designed by the famous fireams designers john browning and john pedersen, the gun was initially marketed as the remington model 17. the model 17 was a 20-gauge of trim proportions, later redesigned and refined into the popular remington model 31. that gun would eventually be replaced in production by the remington 870 which is still produced to this day.
it was shown that kennedy-western university was academically substandard by the united states federal government in 2004. kennedy-western officials, however, assert that students are required to undergo extensive work and take examinations, with the undergraduate and the masters exams usually taken online, and doctorate exams given only by proctor.	it was implied that kennedy-western university was academically substandard by the united states federal government in 2004. kennedy-western officials, however, assert that students are required to undergo extensive work and take examinations, with the undergraduate and the masters exams usually taken online, and doctorate exams given only by proctor.
the label has also reissued recordings from new zealand's celebrated flying nun records, l.a.'s medicine and lincoln's for against, among others.	the label has also reissued recordings from new zealand's flying nun records, l.a.'s medicine and lincoln's for against, among others.
tom hanks, star of ryan, co-produced the series and even directed one episode.	tom hanks, star of ryan, co-produced the series and directed one episode.
important online profile and biography.	brief online profile and biography.
applebaum was a george herbert walker bush/axel springer fellow at the american academy in berlin, germany, in spring 2008. applebaum was also an adjunct fellow at the neo-conservative american enterprise institute think tank.	applebaum was a george herbert walker bush/axel springer fellow at the american academy in berlin, germany, in spring 2008. applebaum was also an adjunct fellow at the american enterprise institute think tank.
under indonesian rule , it is illegal for papuans to raise the west papuan flag as it is regarded as a separatist symbol.	under indonesian law , it is illegal for papuans to raise the west papuan flag as it is regarded as a separatist symbol.
this match was historic on many fronts as it saw federer win a record- shattering seventeenth major title and a record-tying seventh wimbledon championship.	this match was historic on many fronts as it saw federer win a record- breaking seventeenth major title and a record-tying seventh wimbledon championship.
image:sch16.jpg| large youth chess tournament	image:sch16.jpg| youth chess tournament
however, this did not happen and a protracted civil ensued .	however, this did not happen and a protracted civil warensued .
across the inner-german border, east germany established an authoritarian government with a soviet-style command economy.	across the inner-german border, east germany established an authoritarian government with a soviet-style planned economy.
the tragic event led to the abolition of all wooden escalators at all underground stations and pledges of greater investment.	the event led to the abolition of all wooden escalators at all underground stations and pledges of greater investment.
the package includes provisions for lowering import tariffs and agricultural subsidies, making it easier for developing countries to compete with the developed world in global markets.	the package includes provisions for lowering import tariffs and agricultural subsidies, which some expect will make it easier for developing countries to compete with the developed world in global markets.
iwan fals - legendary folk rock artist	iwan fals - folk rock artist
guru teg bahadur's execution for his belligerence and total disregard for the edicts and laws passed by aurangzeb proved to be forever a scar upon the faces of the sikh community, all claims of guru teg bahadur being sent from god for the troubled people of the land as an enlightened soul whose main purpose in life was the spiritual and moral well-being of the masses, were subsequently quashed as he was meekly executed.	guru teg bahadur's execution for his belligerence and total disregard for the edicts and laws passed by aurangzeb proved to be forever a scar upon the faces of the sikh community, all claims of guru teg bahadur being sent from god for the troubled people of the land as an enlightened soul whose main purpose in life was the spiritual and moral well-being of the masses, were subsequently quashed as he was executed.
choudhary rahmat ali (1895 - february 12, 1951) was the reactionary founder of the pakistan national movement, and was an early proponent of the formation of pakistan.	choudhary rahmat ali (1895 - february 12, 1951) was the founder of the pakistan national movement, and was an early proponent of the formation of pakistan.
she is principally known for defence in broadcasts and in her telling films documentaries of prominent holocaust deniers such as david irving, robert faurisson, richard williamson, germar rudolf, ernst zndel, and fredrick tben, and though not a revisionist author or researcher herself has been frequently characterized by opponents as a holocaust denier.	she is principally known for defence in broadcasts and in her telling films documentaries of prominent holocaust deniers such as david irving, robert faurisson, richard williamson, germar rudolf, ernst zndel, and fredrick tben, and though not a revisionist author or researcher herself has been frequently characterized by in the media as a holocaust denier.
controversial archbishop pierre martin ng nh thc died at the monastery in 1984.	archbishop pierre martin ng nh thc died at the monastery in 1984.
once in the camp, the ovitzes attracted the attention of the german camp doctor josef mengele (known as the angel of death), who collected curiosities for scientific experiments on heredity.	once in the camp, the ovitzes attracted the attention of the german camp doctor josef mengele (known as the angel of death), who collected curiosities for pseudoscientific experiments on heredity.
julius caesar watts, jr. (born november 18, 1957) is a former representative from oklahoma.	julius caesar watts, jr. (born november 18, 1957) is a former member of the united states house of representatives from oklahoma.
the rise of nationalism under the ottoman empire dates from at least 1821. arab imperialism has its roots in the mashriq (the arab lands east of egypt), particularly in countries of sham (the levant).	the rise of nationalism under the ottoman empire dates from at least 1821. arab nationalism has its roots in the mashriq (the arab lands east of egypt), particularly in countries of sham (the levant).
these objects, whoever the original owner, may sadly now be lost.	these objects, whoever the original owner, may now be lost.
in 1979, he ran for mayor of birmingham, receiving just 2.5 percent of the vote.	in 1979, he ran for mayor of birmingham, receiving 2.5 percent of the vote.
kotkin's most recent book is his second of three planned volumes, which discuss the life and times of the soviet dictator joseph stalin: stalin, vol.	kotkin's most recent book is his second of three planned volumes, which discuss the life and times of the soviet premier joseph stalin: stalin, vol.
bbc children's books will be releasing two gripping books in january, followed by a new episode every month.	bbc children's books will be releasing two books in january, followed by a new episode every month.
"having been given the nickname ""pel"" in recognition of his superior ability that evoked comparisons to brazilian great pel, he found fame in france's ligue 1 with lille osc and olympique marseille."	"having been given the nickname ""pel"" in recognition of his superior ability that evoked comparisons to brazilian footballer pel, he found fame in france's ligue 1 with lille osc and olympique marseille."
ultimately, mccarthy's tactics and his inability to substantiate his claims led him to be censured by the united states senate.	ultimately, mccarthy's tactics and his inability to substantiate a small minority claims led him to be censured by the united states senate.
on august 19, 2002, chechen terrorists hit an mi-26 with a surface to air missile, causing it to crash in a minefield.	on august 19, 2002, chechen separatist hit an mi-26 with a surface to air missile, causing it to crash in a minefield.
both sides were surprised by the encounter and opened fire.	both sides were surprised by the encounter and exchanged fire.
koch is a libertarian and supports many free-market organizations such as the cato institute, which he founded together with edward h. crane and murray rothbard in 1977. koch also funds the highly selective charles g. koch summer fellow program through the institute for humane studies.	koch is a libertarian and supports many free-market organizations such as the cato institute, which he founded together with edward h. crane and murray rothbard in 1977. koch also funds the selective charles g. koch summer fellow program through the institute for humane studies.
"other strong men's nations include argentina, england (who combine with other british ""home nations"" to form the great britain side at olympic events) and korea."	"other notable men's nations include argentina, england (who combine with other british ""home nations"" to form the great britain side at olympic events) and korea."
mamet skillfully keeps that critical question alive until the last scene.	mamet keeps that critical question alive until the last scene.
false reports of defection	reports of defection
transshipment is normally fully legitimate and an everyday part of world trade.	transshipment is normally fully legal and an everyday part of world trade.
in early 1999, walker came off his show having been the victim of a tabloid expos over his cocaine problem.	in early 1999, walker came off his show having been the subject of a tabloid expos over his cocaine problem.
with programme items like administrative detention and hardline assimilationist stance on the integration of immigrants into dutch society, the party for freedom breaks from the established centre right parties in the netherlands (like the vvd).	with programme items like administrative detention and strong assimilationist stance on the integration of immigrants into dutch society, the party for freedom breaks from the established centre right parties in the netherlands (like the vvd).
this is a major competitive advantage, especially as the company has patented many aspects of this ground-breaking process.	this is a major competitive advantage, especially as the company has patented many aspects of this process.
protesters brandishing signs referencing sexual assault after the 2016 presidential election	protesters with signs referencing sexual assault after the 2016 presidential election
in an attempt to stem the growing unrest, in august of 1789 the state cancelled the hated taxing power of the church.	in an attempt to stem the growing unrest, in august of 1789 the state cancelled the taxing power of the church.
the vietnam war significantly damaged americas desire for conscription.	the vietnam war significantly reduced americas desire for conscription.
terrell eldorado owens, popularly referred to as t.o., (born december 7, 1973, in alexander city, alabama) is a perennial all-pro american football wide receiver, who was controversially deactivated (see below) for most of the 2005 season by the philadelphia eagles.	terrell eldorado owens, popularly referred to as t.o., (born december 7, 1973, in alexander city, alabama) is a perennial all-pro american football wide receiver, who was deactivated (see below) for most of the 2005 season by the philadelphia eagles.
stowe school is a famous british independent school in stowe, buckinghamshire, referred to as a public school.	stowe school is a british independent school in stowe, buckinghamshire, referred to as a public school.
england suffered two embarrassing defeats in the opening brace of group games at the 1988 european championships, and therefore robson could afford to rest shilton for the third and final group match, against the ussr, which had been rendered meaningless.	england suffered two defeats in the opening brace of group games at the 1988 european championships, and therefore robson could afford to rest shilton for the third and final group match, against the ussr, which had been rendered meaningless.
marc shapiro noticed that al-fayyumi's pluralistic views on religion are shared by numerous other rabbinical sources .	marc shapiro has written that al-fayyumi's pluralistic views on religion are shared by numerous other rabbinical sources .
a neutralization reaction is a specific type of double replacement reaction.	a neutralization reaction is a type of double replacement reaction.
nigel mansell made a superb drive from a poor 11th place on the grid to be briefly up to 3rd place after taking piquet under braking for the rivazza on lap 40. unfortunately however , as soon as mansell got past the lotus, blue oil smoke started to appear from the back of his williams and less than a lap later piquet again used his honda's superior power to slipstream mansell through the tamburello and re-take 3rd through villeneuve.	nigel mansell made a superb drive from a poor 11th place on the grid to be briefly up to 3rd place after taking piquet under braking for the rivazza on lap 40. however , as soon as mansell got past the lotus, blue oil smoke started to appear from the back of his williams and less than a lap later piquet again used his honda's superior power to slipstream mansell through the tamburello and re-take 3rd through villeneuve.
in 2012, rct handled several important cases for one of their early clients, highland financial partners, settling an alleged legal malpractice/negligence suit against orrick, herrington & sutcliffe	in 2012, rct handled several cases for one of their early clients, highland financial partners, settling an alleged legal malpractice/negligence suit against orrick, herrington & sutcliffe
count folke bernadotte of wisborg (2 january 1895 - 17 september 1948) or simply count bernadotte, was a swedish diplomat noted for his negotiation of the release of 15,000 mostly scandinavian prisoners from the german concentration camps in world war ii and for his assassination by members of the jewish terrorist group lehi during his service as united nations mediator in palestine.	count folke bernadotte of wisborg (2 january 1895 - 17 september 1948) or simply count bernadotte, was a swedish diplomat noted for his negotiation of the release of 15,000 mostly scandinavian prisoners from the german concentration camps in world war ii and for his assassination by members of the jewish underground group lehi during his service as united nations mediator in palestine.
karl mauss (17 may 1898 9 february 1959) was one of the most distinguished tank commanders of the wehrmacht during world war ii.	karl mauss (17 may 1898 9 february 1959) was one of the most highly-decorated tank commanders of the wehrmacht during world war ii.
dougga has two beautiful networks of cisterns, in the north and in the west, one of which is particularly well preserved.	dougga has two networks of cisterns, in the north and in the west, one of which is particularly well preserved.
the fellowship has four goals: to place teachers in high-need secondary schools, to attract outstanding candidates to teaching, to reduce teacher attrition, and to improve teacher preparation.	the fellowship has four goals: to place teachers in high-need secondary schools, to attract capable candidates to teaching, to reduce teacher attrition, and to improve teacher preparation.
liberation of the dead sea scrolls	release of the dead sea scrolls
december 27 - unionist paramilitary leader billy wright is assassinated in northern ireland, inside long kesh prison.	december 27 - loyalist paramilitary leader billy wright is assassinated in northern ireland, inside long kesh prison.
"in 1974 he came to national media and public attention when he supported president richard nixon during the watergate scandal, urging americans to ""forgive, love, and unite."""	"in 1974 he came to national media and public attention when he supported president richard nixon during the watergate scandal, urging americans to ""forgive, love, unite."""
joe salmon, renowned galway hurler grew up in eyrecourt	joe salmon, galway hurler grew up in eyrecourt
however his policies of reform have led to repeated clashes with the pragmatic islamists in the iranian government, who control powerful governmental organizations like the guardian council whose members are appointed by the supreme leader.in perhaps his greatest triumph president mohammad khatami named seyed hossein mar'ashi vice president and chairman of the organization of cultural heritage and tourism.	however his policies of reform have led to repeated clashes with the conservative islamists in the iranian government, who control powerful governmental organizations like the guardian council whose members are appointed by the supreme leader.in perhaps his greatest triumph president mohammad khatami named seyed hossein mar'ashi vice president and chairman of the organization of cultural heritage and tourism.
while this sort of thinking may have been fashionable in the 1930s, thinking that gave rise to the likes of adolf hitler, it epitomizes the ideological slant that most contemporary ndp/ccf governments have adopted -- a firmly held belief that government should take care of the people because people are not capable of taking care of themselves.	while this sort of thinking may have been fashionable in the 1930s, thinking that gave rise to the likes of adolf hitler, it epitomizes the ideological slant that most contemporary ndp/ccf governments have adopted -- a firmly held belief that society should take care of the people because people are not capable of taking care of themselves.
mccall defended the title against larry holmes before losing it to frank bruno in 1995. he would also become known for an infamous in-ring meltdown during his 1997 rematch with lewis.	mccall defended the title against larry holmes before losing it to frank bruno in 1995. he would also become known for an in-ring meltdown during his 1997 rematch with lewis.
later that year the go-ahead was given to build five new palaces at a cost of more than $4-million out of public funds.	later that year the go-ahead was given to build five new buildings at a cost of more than $4-million out of public funds.
the iranian peoples have played an important role throughout history: the achaemenid persians established the world's first multi-national state, and the scythian-sarmatian nomads dominated the vast expanses of russia and western siberia for centuries and gave birth to the infamous amazons.	the iranian peoples have played an important role throughout history: the achaemenid persians established the world's first multi-national state, and the scythian-sarmatian nomads dominated the vast expanses of russia and western siberia for centuries and gave birth to the amazons.
leaders such as cindy jacobs and lou engle have been criticized by leftist bloggers for what have been interpreted as homophobic or otherwise intolerant statements.	leaders such as cindy jacobs and lou engle have been criticized by bloggers for what have been interpreted as homophobic or otherwise intolerant statements.
in december 2013, the european commission opened an investigation to assess whether the project breaks state-aid rules with reports indicating the government's plan may well constitute illegal state aid.	in december 2013, the european commission opened an investigation to assess whether the project breaks state-aid rules with reports suggesting the government's plan may well constitute illegal state aid.
the duke of cornwall mis- uses the term to describe what is effectively a property company (though it pays no corporation tax), and has holdings throughout the country, with possessions totalling 571 km (or 135,000 acres).	the duke of cornwall uses the term to describe what is effectively a property company (though it pays no corporation tax), and has holdings throughout the country, with possessions totalling 571 km (or 135,000 acres).
it explicitly rejects paleoconservatism and neoconservatism in favor of an supremacist ideology of white european identity politics, and holds that the american political order of freedom and liberty is under ethnic and ideological threat.	it explicitly rejects paleoconservatism and neoconservatism in favor of an ideology of white european identity politics, and holds that the american political order of freedom and liberty is under ethnic and ideological threat.
may/june, 2006 - controversy arises when lj abuse team warns several users to remove inappropriate default user pictures containing images of breastfeeding.	may/june, 2006 - controversy arises when lj abuse team warns several users to remove default user pictures containing images of breastfeeding.
formerly a republican party strategist before becoming an independent, phillips became disaffected with the party from the 1990s, and became a scathing critic.	formerly a republican party strategist before becoming an independent, phillips became disaffected with the party from the 1990s, and became a critic.
20032011: two and a half men, and prestigious supporting roles	20032011: two and a half men, and supporting roles
the band are known for championing various positive causes.	the band are known for championing various left-wing causes.
in america, jeni's passing was marked by many homages, including specials on xm satellite radio, carlos mencia's reverence on his show, and bill maher's hbo show real time with bill maher (season 5, episode 5) being dedicated to jeni's memory.	in america, jeni's death was marked by many homages, including specials on xm satellite radio, carlos mencia's reverence on his show, and bill maher's hbo show real time with bill maher (season 5, episode 5) being dedicated to jeni's memory.
notable effects on youtube users	effects on youtube users
it has been spuriously reported that santa barbara district attorney thomas w. sneddon jr., who prosecuted jackson in 1993 and in his 2005 trial, aided dimond in evading the suit even though it was filed outside of his jurisdiction.	it has been reported that santa barbara district attorney thomas w. sneddon jr., who prosecuted jackson in 1993 and in his 2005 trial, aided dimond in evading the suit even though it was filed outside of his jurisdiction.
matthew mentions that this had become a common claim of the jews, and it is probable that matthew portrays it as being sanhedrin-inspired propaganda in order to discredit what must seem an obvious accusation.	matthew mentions that this had become a common claim of the jews, and it is possible that matthew portrays it as being sanhedrin-inspired propaganda in order to discredit what must seem an obvious accusation.
bob ezrin (born 1949 in toronto, ontario) is a musician and legendary record producer.	bob ezrin (born 1949 in toronto, ontario) is a musician and record producer.
israeli commandos entered the gaza strip and captured osama and mustafa muamar, who israel claims are hamas militants, and palestine claims are the sons of a hamas supporter but not hamas members themselves.	israeli commandos entered the gaza strip and captured osama and mustafa muamar, who israel claims are hamas militants, and palestinians claims are the sons of a hamas supporter but not hamas members themselves.
however, critics contend that oswald did not act alone or was not involved at all and was framed and have proposed a number of conspiracy theories which contradict the government's official account.	however, critics contend that oswald did not act alone or was not involved at all and was framed and have proposed a number of alternative theories which contradict the government's official account.
mercier's brother brian is the father of famed children's author, jamie rix.	mercier's brother brian is the father of children's author, jamie rix.
casapueblo is the house of noted uruguayan artist carlos pez vilar located in punta ballena (whale point) near punta del este, uruguay.	casapueblo is the house of uruguayan artist carlos pez vilar located in punta ballena (whale point) near punta del este, uruguay.
"for example, he famously linked amaterasu (the sun goddess and ancestor of the imperial family) with dainichi nyorai, a central manifestation of the buddhists, whose name means literally ""great sun buddha""."	"for example, he linked amaterasu (the sun goddess and ancestor of the imperial family) with dainichi nyorai, a central manifestation of the buddhists, whose name means literally ""great sun buddha""."
her work at boing boing has provoked responses .	her work at boing boing has provoked some critical response .
this article is about the unsuccessful apollo mission.	this article is about the apollo mission.
the latest addition to the genre is ben bova's ambitious novel series the asteroid wars (2001–2004) which focuses on a trade war over the mining of the belt which develops into a shooting war.	the latest addition to the genre is ben bova's novel series the asteroid wars (2001–2004) which focuses on a trade war over the mining of the belt which develops into a shooting war.
elijah, opponent of religious inventions under ahab and jezebel	elijah, opponent of religious changes under ahab and jezebel
"s. zohreh kermani explains that ""despite their problems with authority, uncontrollable tempers, and overbearing egos, indigo children are many pagan parents' ideal offspring: sensitive, psychic, and strong willed"", but also notes the concept is less about the child's psychic abilities than the parent's own hopes and desire for ""distinction from the less-evolved masses."""	"s. zohreh kermani states that ""despite their problems with authority, uncontrollable tempers, and overbearing egos, indigo children are many pagan parents' ideal offspring: sensitive, psychic, and strong willed"", but also notes the concept is less about the child's psychic abilities than the parent's own hopes and desire for ""distinction from the less-evolved masses."""
despite these facts, bigfoot is one of the more famous examples of cryptids within the pseudoscience of cryptozoology.	despite these facts, bigfoot is one of the more famous examples of cryptids within the study of cryptozoology.
this worrying development was compounded by the problem that the new aircraft flew at such altitudes that anti-aircraft guns were largely impotent and such speeds that ground based interceptors would be unlikely to be able to intercede.	this development was compounded by the problem that the new aircraft flew at such altitudes that anti-aircraft guns were largely impotent and such speeds that ground based interceptors would be unlikely to be able to intercede.
ash also reunites with serena, a girl from vaniville town whom ash had met in his childhood at professor oak's summer camp in pallet town and he helped her after she hurt her leg from falling owing to being startled by a wild poliwag.	ash also reunites with serena, a girl from vaniville town whom ash had met in his childhood at professor oak's summer camp in pallet town and he helped her after she hurt her leg from falling owing to being shocked by a wild poliwag.
chapels are located in each of the six dorms, each containing a tabernacle housing the eucharist, and each but the megadorm containing an altar for holy mass.	chapels are located in each of the six dorms, each containing a tabernacle housing the eucharist, and each but the megadorm containing an altar for mass.
for tsar nicholas ii, who was fearful of modernization and protective of his monarchy, it was convenient to present growing revolutionary movement as a part of a powerful world conspiracy and blame the jews for russia's problems.	for tsar nicholas ii, who was fearful of modernization and protective of his monarchy, it would have been convenient to present growing revolutionary movement as a part of a powerful world conspiracy and blame the jews for russia's problems.
beatrice jedy-agba is a nigerian anti-human trafficking hero .	beatrice jedy-agba is a nigerian anti-human trafficking activist .
"on may 20, 2006, jefferson's congressional offices were raided by the fbi, ""believed to be the first-ever fbi raid on a congressional office"" , raising concerns that it could ""set a dangerous precedent that could be used by future administrations to intimidate or harass a supposedly coequal branch of the government"" ."	"on may 20, 2006, jefferson's congressional offices were searched by the fbi, ""believed to be the first-ever fbi raid on a congressional office"" , raising concerns that it could ""set a dangerous precedent that could be used by future administrations to intimidate or harass a supposedly coequal branch of the government"" ."
igor giorgadze (born 23 july 1950) is a georgian politician, criminal and the former minister of state security from 1993 to 1995, who is charged with georgias former president eduard shevardnadzes assassination attempt in 1995. from his base in russia, he runs a political movement anti-soros in georgia, and is the leader of the political party called samartlianoba (justice).	igor giorgadze (born 23 july 1950) is a georgian politician, and the former minister of state security from 1993 to 1995, who is charged with georgias former president eduard shevardnadzes assassination attempt in 1995. from his base in russia, he runs a political movement anti-soros in georgia, and is the leader of the political party called samartlianoba (justice).
lisa snowdon (born january 23, 1972) is an english supermodel and television personality, who has recently started work as a radio host.	lisa snowdon (born january 23, 1972) is an english model and television personality, who has recently started work as a radio host.
redirect presbyterian church ( usa ) carbon neutral resolution	redirect presbyterian church ( u.s.a. ) carbon neutral resolution
"in 2013, popular tv series glee covered the song in the fourth episode of their fifth season, ""a katy or a gaga"" featuring guest stars demi lovato and adam lambert."	"in 2013, tv series glee covered the song in the fourth episode of their fifth season, ""a katy or a gaga"" featuring guest stars demi lovato and adam lambert."
behind the false rhetoric, his covert mission was to identify the local power brokers, obstruct any plans for rebellion, and supply the mexican government with data that would be of use in a military conflict.	behind the rhetoric, his covert mission was to identify the local power brokers, obstruct any plans for rebellion, and supply the mexican government with data that would be of use in a military conflict.
the city was captured and recaptured by nazi germany on 24 october 1941; there was a disastrous red army offensive that failed to capture the city in may 1942; the city was successfully retaken by the soviets on 16 february 1943, captured for a second time by the germans on 15 march 1943 and then finally liberated on 23 august 1943. seventy percent of the city was destroyed and tens of thousands of the inhabitants were killed.	the city was captured and recaptured by nazi germany on 24 october 1941; there was a disastrous red army offensive that failed to capture the city in may 1942; the city was successfully retaken by the soviets on 16 february 1943, captured for a second time by the germans on 15 march 1943 and then finally recaptured by the red army on 23 august 1943. seventy percent of the city was destroyed and tens of thousands of the inhabitants were killed.
judicial activism refers to judicial decisions which do not follow precedent or which otherwise exceed the scope of established law.	judicial activism refers to judicial decisions which do not follow precedent or which exceed the scope of established law.
nicholson only discovered that his sister was in fact his mother in 1974 after being informed by a journalist who was doing a feature on him, sadly after both his mother and grandmother had died (in 1963 and 1970).	nicholson only discovered that his sister was in fact his mother in 1974 after being informed by a journalist who was doing a feature on him, after both his mother and grandmother had died (in 1963 and 1970).
one of the proposed models is modified newtonian dynamics (mond), which corrects newton's laws at small acceleration.	one of the proposed models is modified newtonian dynamics (mond), which adjusts newton's laws at small acceleration.
emanuel was born in chicago, illinois in 1959. his father, the jerusalem-born benjamin m. emanuel, is a pediatrician and was a member of the irgun, a revisionist zionist paramilitary organization in the 1940s.	emanuel was born in chicago, illinois in 1959. his father, the jerusalem-born benjamin m. emanuel, is a pediatrician and was a member of the irgun, a zionist paramilitary organization in the 1940s.
however, the project was blocked by president evo morales because of environmental concerns; instead of using natural gas easily available from a pipeline 20 km away, vegetable carbon was to be used for the foundry, demanding 45 hectares a day of amazonian wood .	however, the project was blocked by president evo morales because of environmental concerns; instead of using natural gas available from a pipeline 20 km away, vegetable carbon was to be used for the foundry, demanding 45 hectares a day of amazonian wood .
also, 1995 was the year that the ill-conceived baseball network plan was announced.	also, 1995 was the year that the baseball network plan was announced.
the honor of working with the new warriors is now haunting her, as the warriors are falsely blamed for an explosion in stamford which caused the death of hundreds of people, including children.	the honor of working with the new warriors is now haunting her, as the warriors are blamed for an explosion in stamford which caused the death of hundreds of people, including children.
despite the incompetence of their commanding general, both the spanish success at almanza creek and graham's actions at barrosa ridge gave a much needed boost to spanish morale.	despite the conduct of their commanding general, both the spanish success at almanza creek and graham's actions at barrosa ridge gave a much needed boost to spanish morale.
in the retail space you have pci certification in the u.s. which is descendant of visa ped (relative of chip and pin over in europe).	in the retail space you have pci certification in the u.s. which is descendant of visa ped (relative of chip and pin in europe).
a pig finally flew for the first time in may 1909 as lord brabazon took a pig as a passenger on his voisin biplane.	a pig flew for the first time in may 1909 as lord brabazon took a pig as a passenger on his voisin biplane.
some of the common features attributed to osaka people are being good businessmen , bustling with energy, happy and outgoing.	some of the common features attributed to osaka people are being good businesspeople , bustling with energy, happy and outgoing.
the ability of the two dominant parties to exclude serious third party or independent candidates was, and is, a hotly contested issue.	the ability of the two dominant parties to exclude third party or independent candidates was, and is, a hotly contested issue.
although peter saves everyone else, alex unfortunately dies in the explosion as he was right next to the blast when it occurred.	although peter saves everyone else, alex dies in the explosion as he was right next to the blast when it occurred.
ai-ai delas alas, actress- comedienne	ai-ai delas alas, actress- comedian
emacs is a class of feature-rich text editors, usually characterized by their extensibility.	emacs is a class of text editors, usually characterized by their extensibility.
it was originally a schedule iii drug in the united states under the controlled substances act, but in 1991 it was upgraded to schedule ii , after it was discovered that abuse combined with codeine increased the effect of the codeine and deaths had resulted from the combination.	it was originally a schedule iii drug in the united states under the controlled substances act, but in 1991 it was upgraded to schedule ii , after it was discovered that misuse combined with codeine increased the effect of the codeine and deaths had resulted from the combination.
moreover, cuba has suspicions that posada's terrorist actions were backed and organized by the cia .	moreover, cuba has suspicions that posada's actions were backed and organized by the cia .
joselewicz was born in kretinga, near kaunas, poland , and worked as the financial agent for a local prince, who often sent him abroad on various tasks, during which he learned to speak french.	joselewicz was born in kretinga, near kaunas, lithuania , and worked as the financial agent for a local prince, who often sent him abroad on various tasks, during which he learned to speak french.
a vale located 10 km northeast of the royal site of el escorial was dedicated to the purpose, 1940-04-01, which includes the world largest basilica, hewn out of a granite ridge, and the tallest memorial cross in the world, a 152.4 metre high magnificent construction of stone.	a vale located 10 km northeast of the royal site of el escorial was dedicated to the purpose, 1940-04-01, which includes the world largest basilica, hewn out of a granite ridge, and the tallest memorial cross in the world, a 152.4 metre high construction of stone.
ailes became a controversial figure during the u.s. 1988 presidential election as campaign marketer for george h. w. bush when he devised and marketed the infamous willie horton ad campaign.	ailes became a controversial figure during the u.s. 1988 presidential election as campaign marketer for george h. w. bush when he devised and marketed the willie horton ad campaign.
feminist cinema critics accused director peckinpah of glamourising rape and of engaging in misogynistic sadism, especially disturbed by the scene's ambiguity after initially resisting, amy appears to enjoy the rape, although afterwards she has traumatic flashbacks.	feminist cinema critics accused director peckinpah of glamorizing rape and of engaging in misogynistic sadism, especially disturbed by the scene's ambiguity after initially resisting, amy appears to enjoy the rape, although afterwards she has traumatic flashbacks.
in january 2013, as part of a cabinet reshuffle, prime minister john key announced economic development minister steven joyce would take over the handling of the novopay debacle .	in january 2013, as part of a cabinet reshuffle, prime minister john key announced economic development minister steven joyce would take over the handling of the novopay system .
shahba mintaqah denotes a de facto autonomous territorial administrative polity set up under the umbrella of the de facto federation of northern syria rojava.	shahba region denotes a de facto autonomous territorial administrative polity set up under the umbrella of the de facto federation of northern syria rojava.
the canadian paraplegic association, bc division (now known as the bc paraplegic association) was formed in 1957, led by executive director doug mowat, who held this position until his passing in 1992.	the canadian paraplegic association, bc division (now known as the bc paraplegic association) was formed in 1957, led by executive director doug mowat, who held this position until his death in 1992.
firstgbrf locomotives are known as 'bluebirds' due to their attractive livery scheme.	firstgbrf locomotives are known as 'bluebirds' due to their livery scheme.
"recorded in sessions from 1991 until the end of 1992, and released in december 1992, the album features strong leads by jardine on ""slow summer dancin' (one summer night)"" and ""strange things happen."""	"recorded in sessions from 1991 until the end of 1992, and released in december 1992, the album features leads by jardine on ""slow summer dancin' (one summer night)"" and ""strange things happen."""
if viola's depictions of emotional states with no objective correlative -- emotional states for which the viewer has no external object or event to understand them by -- are one striking feature of many of his works, another, which has come to the forefront, is his reference to medieval and classical depictions of emotion.	if viola's depictions of emotional states with no objective correlative -- emotional states for which the viewer has no external object or event to understand them by -- are one feature of many of his works, another, which has come to the forefront, is his reference to medieval and classical depictions of emotion.
since its founding, the republican party has been the more corporatist of the two american political parties, often favoring policies that aid american business interests.	since its founding, the republican party has been the more market-oriented of the two american political parties, often favoring policies that aid american business interests.
while a member of the labour party, he was won over to trotskyism and joined the militant groupin the middle of 1937 at the age of 16. through him his mother gertie was recruited, and then his brothers arthur and brian, who also played an important role in our movement.	while a member of the labour party, he was won over to trotskyism and joined the militant groupin the middle of 1937 at the age of 16. through him his mother gertie was recruited, and then his brothers arthur and brian, who also played an important role in the trotskyist movement.
before being nominated on september 28th, 2007 mauricio funes was a journalist for channel 15. he gained fame for his talk show that criticized the fascist salvadoran government.	before being nominated on september 28th, 2007 mauricio funes was a journalist for channel 15. he gained fame for his talk show that criticized the salvadoran government.
one particular variant of kaluzaklein theory is spacetimematter theory or induced matter theory, chiefly promulgated by paul wesson and other members of the so-called spacetimematter consortium.	one particular variant of kaluzaklein theory is spacetimematter theory or induced matter theory, chiefly promulgated by paul wesson and other members of the spacetimematter consortium.
the catholic church recognizes that it does not, in fact, make anyone a saint.	the catholic church teaches that it does not, in fact, make anyone a saint.
similar restrictions to emigration have been in force in most capitalist countries prior to the late 19th century.	restrictions to emigration have been in force in most capitalist countries prior to the late 19th century.
heartland has a proud history in new zealand with roots stretching back to 1875.	heartland has a long history in new zealand with roots stretching back to 1875.
sacha baron cohen speaks hebrew in the film, while ken davitian actually speaks armenian.	sacha baron cohen speaks hebrew in the film, while ken davitian speaks armenian.
kenneth pinyan (june 22, 1960 - july 2, 2005) was a gig harbor, washington resident who engaged in receptive anal sex with full-size stallions at a farm near the city of enumclaw.	kenneth pinyan (june 22, 1960 - july 2, 2005) was a gig harbor, washington resident who engaged in anal sex with full-size stallions at a farm near the city of enumclaw.
prime minister menachem begin blamed abu nidal's enemy, the plo, for the incident, and used the incident as a pretext for the invasion.	prime minister menachem begin blamed abu nidal's enemy, the plo, for the incident, and used the incident as a casus belli for the invasion.
it focuses on both battlefield strategy and tactics and the social and economic conditions of the time, as well as the legacy of the civil war on the present.	it focuses on both battlefield strategy and tactics and the social and economic conditions of the time, as well as the aftermath of the civil war on the present.
"many of the banned words were expletives or sexual slang, but the list included medical terms (such as ""athlete's foot"") and benign words (such as ""jesus"" and ""budweiser"")."	"many of the banned words were expletives or sexual slang, but the list included medical terms (such as ""athlete's foot"") and other words (such as ""jesus"" and ""budweiser"")."
in 1996, the passing of proposition 215 by california voters created limited rights for medical cannabis patients in the state.	in 1996, the passing of proposition 215 by california voters restored limited rights for medical cannabis patients in the state.
they date back to the 1960s70s; more recently such type of tasteless amusement resorts for elder men have declined, and many personal sex museums closed in the 1990s.	they date back to the 1960s70s; more recently such type of amusement resorts for elder men have declined, and many personal sex museums closed in the 1990s.
the main event has been confirmed as a dream re-match between hogan and ric flair.	the main event has been confirmed as a re-match between hogan and ric flair.
after a disappointing 20 home defeat to barcelona in the champions league, zil scored and assisted in a 32 defeat at old trafford to manchester united as the gunners lost further ground in the title race.	after a 20 home defeat to barcelona in the champions league, zil scored and assisted in a 32 defeat at old trafford to manchester united as the gunners lost further ground in the title race.
maria grace sansone (born february 26, 1981 in erie, pennsylvania) is an emmy-winning american television personality, and currently the co-anchor of good day la on kttv fox 11 in los angeles.	maria grace sansone (born february 26, 1981 in erie, pennsylvania) is an american television personality, and currently the co-anchor of good day la on kttv fox 11 in los angeles.
he is among the most vocal skeptics of climate change (global warming) in congress.	he is among the most prominent skeptics of climate change (global warming) in congress.
biologists respond to claims by creationists, and have frequently expressed frustration that claims that they consider debunked are tirelessly repeated, which they interpret as evidence that creationists have no interest to engage in a scientific debate (arthur 1996, see references below).	biologists respond to claims by creationists, and have frequently expressed frustration that claims that they consider debunked are repeated, which they interpret as evidence that creationists have no interest to engage in a scientific debate (arthur 1996, see references below).
the douai bible, also known as the rheims-douai bible or douay-rheims bible, is a catholic translation of the holy bible from the latin vulgate into english.	the douai bible, also known as the rheims-douai bible or douay-rheims bible, is a catholic translation of the bible from the latin vulgate into english.
he faced combat in the spanish civil war and in the second world war, framed in a unit of the blue division or 250. infanterie-division in the german army, in the area of leningrado, where it would eventually participate in the terrible battle of krasny bor.	he faced combat in the spanish civil war and in the second world war, framed in a unit of the blue division or 250. infanterie-division in the german army, in the area of leningrado, where it would eventually participate in the battle of krasny bor.
"the music media eventually awarded the song ""anthem-of-a-generation"" status, and, with it, cobain became the reluctant ""spokesman"" for generation x."	"the music media eventually awarded the song ""anthem-of-a-generation"" status, and, with it, cobain became the ""spokesman"" for generation x."
"look out contained a beautiful song entitled ""how wonderful you are""."	"look out contained a song entitled ""how wonderful you are""."
file:lhsrear.jpg|rear view, showing many of the outstanding facilities.	file:lhsrear.jpg|rear view, showing many of the facilities.
eta is a basque nationalist terrorist organisation.	eta is a basque nationalist organisation.
christian coulson (born 3 october, 1978) is an english actor perhaps most famous for his outstanding film appearance as tom marvolo riddle — the teenage lord voldemort — in harry potter and the chamber of secrets, the second installment of the harry potter film franchise.	christian coulson (born 3 october, 1978) is an english actor perhaps most famous for his film appearance as tom marvolo riddle — the teenage lord voldemort — in harry potter and the chamber of secrets, the second installment of the harry potter film franchise.
tom clements is the nominee of the south carolina green party, and will be the only non-corporate party candidate on the ballot.	tom clements is the nominee of the south carolina green party, and will be the only third party candidate on the ballot.
"patriot continues to evolve their legendary ""viper"" brand of memory modules, accessories (keyboards, mice, headsets, headset stands, mousepads, and usb flash drives), and ""burst"" solid state drives."	"patriot continues to evolve their ""viper"" brand of memory modules, accessories (keyboards, mice, headsets, headset stands, mousepads, and usb flash drives), and ""burst"" solid state drives."
illuminations is the seventeenth studio album from legendary rock band wishbone ash recorded during 1995. it features a brand new version of the band with founding member andy powell along with new members tony kishman, roger filgate, and mike sturgis.	illuminations is the seventeenth studio album from rock band wishbone ash recorded during 1995. it features a brand new version of the band with founding member andy powell along with new members tony kishman, roger filgate, and mike sturgis.
the plans for this as revealed in 2008 will require temporarily digging up the northern corner of the park, including moving the fusiliers' arch, although unfortunately full reinstatement will occur.	the plans for this as revealed in 2008 will require temporarily digging up the northern corner of the park, including moving the fusiliers' arch, although full reinstatement will occur.
this is mainly because the scientific evidence for common ancestry and the relationships of lifeforms in the biosphere corresponds most closely to evolutionary biology and the modern synthesis.	this is mainly because the scientific evidence for common ancestry and the relationships of lifeforms in the biosphere is believed to correspond most closely to evolutionary biology and the modern synthesis.
in 1740 there was an invasion scare when it was believed that a french fleet at brest and a spanish fleet at spain were about to combine and launch an invasion attempt on britain itself.	in 1740 there was an invasion scare when it was believed that a french fleet at brest and a spanish fleet at ferrol were about to combine and launch an invasion attempt on britain itself.
"his retort to this offer, according to lawrence bushee's excellent research was: ""twenty-five dollars?"	"his retort to this offer, according to lawrence bushee's research was: ""twenty-five dollars?"
it is typical that extreme longevity claims come from remote areas where recordkeeping is poor, but generally observed life expectancy is rather lower than in the areas where genuine claims are typically found.	it is typical that extreme longevity claims come from remote areas where recordkeeping is poor, but generally observed life expectancy is rather lower than in the areas where undisputed claims are typically found.
close relations with russia, possibly leading to reunion , color the pattern of economic developments.	close relations with russia, possibly leading to a political union , color the pattern of economic developments.
lieutenant general harbakhsh singh (right) of the indian army with his tiny pakistani counterpart, lieutenant general bukhtiar rana during post-war negotiations at lahore with un officials behind them.	lieutenant general harbakhsh singh (right) of the indian army with his pakistani counterpart, lieutenant general bukhtiar rana during post-war negotiations at lahore with un officials behind them.
so far, two clubs from tucumn have reached the final of the nacional: tucumn rc in 1993 and 2007 and los tarcos in 2004. unfortunately , both clubs lost and a tucumn club has yet to win the national title.	so far, two clubs from tucumn have reached the final of the nacional: tucumn rc in 1993 and 2007 and los tarcos in 2004. however , both clubs lost and a tucumn club has yet to win the national title.
originally, only time sweepers had this device in the game (though it's never mentioned but still used), though later the tom tome stole a time control neutralizer from the ruins of time.	originally, only time sweepers had this device in the game (though it's never mentioned but still used), though later the tom toms stole a time control neutralizer from the ruins of time.
thus, in theory, those who can easily reduce emissions most cheaply will do so, supposedly achieving the pollution reduction at the lowest possible cost to society.	thus, in theory, those who can easily reduce emissions most cheaply will do so, achieving the pollution reduction at the lowest possible cost to society.
web sites such as torah babies produce easy to follow teachings designed to educate people who are not familiar with hebrew roots about the torah and its role in first century christianity and the ongoing life of believers today.	web sites such as torah babies produce easy to follow teachings designed to educate people who are not familiar with hebrew roots about the torah and its role in first century christianity and their view about its ongoing life of believers today.
the fans thought that this duo would take the wwwf tag team belts from captain lou albano's valiant brothers, but they were sadly mistaken.	the fans thought that this duo would take the wwwf tag team belts from captain lou albano's valiant brothers, but they were mistaken.
"after an unsuccessful attempt of covert support to timorese anti-communist groups udt and apodeti, suharto authorized full-scale invasion of the colony on 7 december 1975 followed with its official annexation as indonesia's 27th province of east timor in july 1976. the ""encirclement and annihilation"" campaigns of 19771979 broke the back of fretilin control over the hinterlands, although continuing guerilla resistance forced the government to maintain strong military presence in the half-island until 1999. an estimated minimum of 90,800 and maximum of 213,600 conflict-related deaths occurred in east timor during indonesian rule (19741999); namely, 17,60019,600 killings and 73,200 to 194,000 'excess' deaths from hunger and illness, although indonesian forces were responsible for only about 70% of the violent killings."	"after an unsuccessful attempt of covert support to timorese anti-communist groups udt and apodeti, suharto authorized full-scale invasion of the colony on 7 december 1975 followed with its official annexation as indonesia's 27th province of east timor in july 1976. the ""encirclement and annihilation"" campaigns of 19771979 broke the back of fretilin control over the hinterlands, although continuing guerilla resistance forced the government to maintain strong military presence in the half-island until 1999. an estimated minimum of 90,800 and maximum of 213,600 conflict-related deaths occurred in east timor during indonesian rule (19741999); namely, 17,60019,600 killings and 73,200 to 194,000 'excess' deaths from hunger and illness, although indonesian forces were responsible for about 70% of the violent killings."
"highly influenced by the mass media by way of rap music and television, he frequently uses incorrect grammar in order to sound ""gangsta""."	"highly influenced by the mass media by way of rap music and television, he frequently uses non-standard grammar in order to sound ""gangsta""."
the office was established in 1587 and was sadly abolished by pope john paul ii in 1983. the abolition streamlined the canonization process considerably, helping to usher in john paul's unprecedented number of elevations: nearly 500 individuals canonized and over 1,300 beatified, as opposed to 98 canonizations by all his 20th-century predecessors.	the office was established in 1587 and was abolished by pope john paul ii in 1983. the abolition streamlined the canonization process considerably, helping to usher in john paul's unprecedented number of elevations: nearly 500 individuals canonized and over 1,300 beatified, as opposed to 98 canonizations by all his 20th-century predecessors.
the neutral tone has a large number of allotone s: its pitch depends almost entirely on the tone carried by the syllable preceding it.	the neutral tone has a large number of allophone s: its pitch depends almost entirely on the tone carried by the syllable preceding it.
the international court of justice dismissed croatia and serbia genocide claims in 2015. the court reaffirmed that serious crimes against civilians had taken place, but ruled that specific genocidal intent was not present.	the international court of justice dismissed croatia and serbia genocide claims in 2015. the court reaffirmed that to an extent, crimes against civilians had taken place, but ruled that specific genocidal intent was not present.
non-hawaiian responses to the sovereignty movement	responses to the sovereignty movement
the peculiar american sociological usage is rooted in the middle 20th century.	the american sociological usage is rooted in the middle 20th century.
jack pfefer (also commonly spelled as pfeffer) (december 10, 1894 - september 13, 1974) was an influential professional wrestling promoter during the early-to-mid 1900's.	jack pfefer (also commonly spelled as pfeffer) (december 10, 1894 - september 13, 1974) was an professional wrestling promoter during the early-to-mid 1900's.
and do not support improving the bible to be in line with public sentiment.	and do not support adjusting the bible to be in line with public sentiment.
in 1986, it was moved to murray state university in murray, kentucky and moved to its present location in irving, texas in 2002. the museum floor is 53,000 ft (5000 m) and is a state-of-the-art facility, featuring several norman rockwell paintings, high adventure sections, hands-on learning experiences, interactive exhibits, and a historical collection tracing uniforms, themes, and documents from the beginning of the american scouting movement.	in 1986, it was moved to murray state university in murray, kentucky and moved to its present location in irving, texas in 2002. the museum floor is 53,000 ft (5000 m) and is a modern facility, featuring several norman rockwell paintings, high adventure sections, hands-on learning experiences, interactive exhibits, and a historical collection tracing uniforms, themes, and documents from the beginning of the american scouting movement.
sexual orientation is an enduring pattern of emotional, romantic, and/or sexual attractions to men, women, both genders, neither gender, or another gender.	sexual orientation is an pattern of emotional, romantic, and/or sexual attractions to men, women, both genders, neither gender, or another gender.
in 2013, the united states internal revenue service (irs) revealed that it had targeted political groups applying for tax-exempt status for closer scrutiny based on their names or political themes.	in 2013, the united states internal revenue service (irs) revealed that it had scrutinized political groups applying for tax-exempt status for closer scrutiny based on their names or political themes.
benoist married her former glee co-star blake jenner in march 2015. after just 21 months of marriage, benoist filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split.	benoist married her former glee co-star blake jenner in march 2015. after 21 months of marriage, benoist filed for divorce, citing irreconcilable differences as the reason for the split.
khalid adem (born 1975) is an ethiopian who was both the first person falsely prosecuted and first person convicted for female genital mutilation (fgm) in the united states, stemming from charges that he had personally excised his 2-year-old daughter's clitoris with a pair of scissors.	khalid adem (born 1975) is an ethiopian who was both the first person prosecuted and first person convicted for female genital mutilation (fgm) in the united states, stemming from charges that he had personally excised his 2-year-old daughter's clitoris with a pair of scissors.
cahn was best known as the head editor of the tv series, i love lucy and for his work as the head of post-production of comedienne lucille ball and desi arnaz's desilu playhouse.	cahn was best known as the head editor of the tv series, i love lucy and for his work as the head of post-production of comedian lucille ball and desi arnaz's desilu playhouse.
naima jeffery is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shreela ghosh.	naima jeffery is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shreela ghosh.
jo enright (actress and comedienne )	jo enright (actress and comedian )
the quebec government still claims that the territory of labrador belongs to the province of quebec.	the quebec government claims that the territory of labrador belongs to the province of quebec.
those attacks prompted the international community to pressure disarmament of the syrian armed forces from chemical weapons, which was executed during 2014. despite the disarmament process, dozens of incidents with suspected use of chemical weapons followed throughout syria, the majority being attributed to anti- regime fighters, in particular the al qaeda affiliate al nusra front.	those attacks prompted the international community to pressure disarmament of the syrian armed forces from chemical weapons, which was executed during 2014. despite the disarmament process, dozens of incidents with suspected use of chemical weapons followed throughout syria, the majority being attributed to anti- government fighters, in particular the al qaeda affiliate al nusra front.
jim gray, northern ireland terrorist	jim gray, northern ireland loyalist
"from this location there are spectacular views of the coast and cuillin hills; organisers describe it as ""the most impressive backdrop of any uk festival""."	"from this location there are views of the coast and cuillin hills; organisers describe it as ""the most impressive backdrop of any uk festival""."
the eminent historian asa briggs has said:	the historian asa briggs has said:
there were unconfirmed reports about collusion between the criminals and certain police officers, but jamaican police denied any such collusion.	there were unconfirmed reports about collusion between the criminals and some police officers, but jamaican police denied any such collusion.
"there is some controversy about whether jordan's proof is complete: several authors have claimed that the first complete proof was given by , who said about jordan's proof: ""his proof, however, is unsatisfactory to many mathematicians."	"there is some controversy about whether jordan's proof is complete: the majority of authors have claimed that the first complete proof was given by , who said about jordan's proof: ""his proof, however, is unsatisfactory to many mathematicians."
john f. macarthur- acclaimed evangelical writer, pastor, and the master's college and the master's seminary	john f. macarthur- evangelical writer, pastor, and the master's college and the master's seminary
born: jeannie carson, comedienne and actress, in pudsey, yorkshire, england; rosemary clooney, cabaret singer and actress, in maysville, kentucky (d. 2002)	born: jeannie carson, comedian and actress, in pudsey, yorkshire, england; rosemary clooney, cabaret singer and actress, in maysville, kentucky (d. 2002)
"nica's tempo is an album by gigi gryce recorded in 1955. the title track is a reference to nica de koenigswarter (born kathleen annie pannonica rothschild) aka ""the bebop baroness"" or ""the jazz baroness,"" a patron of jazz greats such as thelonious monk and charlie parker."	"nica's tempo is an album by gigi gryce recorded in 1955. the title track is a reference to nica de koenigswarter (born kathleen annie pannonica rothschild) aka ""the bebop baroness"" or ""the jazz baroness,"" a patron of jazz musicians such as thelonious monk and charlie parker."
the majority of those claiming mori ethnicity, 291,105 people, have both european and mori descent, due to the high rate of intermarriage between the two cultures, while only 278,199 people identified as of sole mori ethnicity.	the majority of those claiming mori ethnicity, 291,105 people, have both european and mori descent, due to the high rate of intermarriage between the two cultures, while 278,199 people identified as of sole mori ethnicity.
the original objectives of converting to digital systems were to enable higher fidelity, greater noise immunity, mobile services, and new services, but sadly dab now invariably offers audio quality that is lower than that available on fm.	the original objectives of converting to digital systems were to enable higher fidelity, greater noise immunity, mobile services, and new services, but dab now invariably offers audio quality that is lower than that available on fm.
the current version of the game, 0.31, contains trucks, cars, boats, loads, and a plane, all of which are simulated to amazing accuracy, including air dynamics for the plane and water resistance for the boat.	the current version of the game, 0.31, contains trucks, cars, boats, loads, and a plane, all of which are simulated to to-true-to-life accuracy, including air dynamics for the plane and water resistance for the boat.
extreme critics point out potential for corporate influence on the dictionaries, promoting advertising of online web pages in the case of web search engines.	other critics point out potential for corporate influence on the dictionaries, promoting advertising of online web pages in the case of web search engines.
controversial theories based on archaeoastronomical calculations from passages of the mahabharata place the incidents upon which the gita between 5600 and 3100 bce (varying dates are given according to different calculations).	theories based on archaeoastronomical calculations from passages of the mahabharata place the incidents upon which the gita between 5600 and 3100 bce (varying dates are given according to different calculations).
this is possible for trans men who still have functioning ovaries and a uterus.	this is possible for trans men who have functioning ovaries and a uterus.
furtado is known for experimenting with different instruments, sounds, genres, languages, and nasal vocal styles.	furtado is known for experimenting with different instruments, sounds, genres, languages, and vocal styles.
he values his own liberty but doesn't strive to protect others' freedom.	he values his own liberty but does n0t strive to protect others' freedom.
"austin is known as an oasis of liberal politics in a generally conservative stateso much so, that the city is sometimes sarcastically called the ""people's republic of austin"" by residents of other parts of texas, and conservatives in the texas legislature."	"austin is known as an enclave of liberal politics in a generally conservative stateso much so, that the city is sometimes sarcastically called the ""people's republic of austin"" by residents of other parts of texas, and conservatives in the texas legislature."
the negative descriptions of the goitac, as found in the early writings, are probably quite unjust.	the negative descriptions of the goitac, as found in the early writings, are maybe quite unjust.
paul robin krugman , born february 28, 1953, is a prominent american liberal economist, public intellectual, columnist, and author.	paul robin krugman , born february 28, 1953, is a prominent american economist, public intellectual, columnist, and author.
alexander has grown the vascular biology field of study taking it from basic base observations to applications which could be applied clinically, including drug development.	alexander has contributed notably to the vascular biology field of study taking it from basic base observations to applications which could be applied clinically, including drug development.
presuppositional apologetics is a school of christian apologetics, a field of christian theology that attempts to (1) present a rational basis for the christian faith, (2) defend the faith against objections, and (3) expose the perceived flaws of other worldviews.	presuppositional apologetics is a school of christian apologetics, a field of christian theology that aims to (1) present a rational basis for the christian faith, (2) defend the faith against objections, and (3) expose the perceived flaws of other worldviews.
gene rayburn (december 22, 1917 – november 29, 1999) was an emmy-nominated american radio and television personality.	gene rayburn (december 22, 1917 – november 29, 1999) was an american radio and television personality.
there were no tanks in the entire peninsular and a shocking shortage of aircraft.	there were no tanks in the entire peninsular and a chronic shortage of aircraft.
was a member of the murderous black september offshoot of the palestine liberation organization and is the last-known surviving hostage-taker from the 1972 munich olympics massacre.	was a member of the black september offshoot of the palestine liberation organization and is the last-known surviving hostage-taker from the 1972 munich olympics massacre.
his contributions as a long time player, and his tireless work ethic earned him this honor.	his contributions as a long time player, and his work ethic earned him this honor.
they gave the film a very limited release; it had a u.s. box office gross of only $181,872.	they gave the film a very limited release; it had a u.s. box office gross of $181,872.
damyan yovanov gruev or damjan jovanov gruev, often known by his short name dame gruev, (january 19, 1871 in smilevo, ottoman empire  december 10, 1906, petlec peak near maleshevo, ottoman empire) was macedonian revolutionary and insurgent leader in ottoman macedonia and thrace.	damyan yovanov gruev or damjan jovanov gruev, often known by his short name dame gruev, (january 19, 1871 in smilevo, ottoman empire  december 10, 1906, petlec peak near maleshevo, ottoman empire) was bulgarian revolutionary and insurgent leader in ottoman macedonia and thrace.
editing is the great process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media used to convey information through the processes of correction, condensation, organization, and other modifications performed with an intention of producing a correct, consistent, accurate, and complete work.	editing is the process of selecting and preparing written, visual, audible, and film media used to convey information through the processes of correction, condensation, organization, and other modifications performed with an intention of producing a correct, consistent, accurate, and complete work.
the wisdom of the approach was shown by the judgment of the european court of justice in the puccini case,	the effect of the approach was shown by the judgment of the european court of justice in the puccini case,
"as of 2013, there is a single accepted formulation, which contains a 3:1 ratio of dextroamphetamine (the dextrorotary or ""right-handed"" enantiomer) to levoamphetamine (the levorotary or ""left-handed"" enantiomer )."	"as of 2013, there is a single commercial formulation, which contains a 3:1 ratio of dextroamphetamine (the dextrorotary or ""right-handed"" enantiomer) to levoamphetamine (the levorotary or ""left-handed"" enantiomer )."
in his book on the nature of consciousness: cognitive, phenomenological, and transpersonal perspectives, harry hunt claims that the extraordinary series of studies on the maharishi effect is relatively immune from methodological criticism.	in his book on the nature of consciousness: cognitive, phenomenological, and transpersonal perspectives, harry hunt says that the extraordinary series of studies on the maharishi effect is relatively immune from methodological criticism.
"image:kkbt-fm.jpg|kkbt logo june 2006 -- the longtime ""peace"" sign is no longer used under new format"	"image:kkbt-fm.jpg|kkbt logo june 2006 -- the ""peace"" sign is no longer used under new format"
the latter listed celebrities who in the misguided opinion of forum members are more annoying than mick hucknall.	the latter listed celebrities who in the opinion of forum members are more annoying than mick hucknall.
chuck taylor, an american basketball legend .	chuck taylor, an american basketball player .
dyke and the blazers was an influential american funk band led by arlester christian (june 13, 1943–march 13, 1971).	dyke and the blazers was an american funk band led by arlester christian (june 13, 1943–march 13, 1971).
extradition from the uk to the us is governed by the controversial extradition act 2003.	extradition from the uk to the us is governed by the extradition act 2003.
friedland played club soccer for local club powerhouse irvine strikers.	friedland played club soccer for local club irvine strikers.
"bobby fuller (october 22, 1942 july 18, 1966) was an american rock singer and guitar player best known for his classic ""i fought the law""."	"bobby fuller (october 22, 1942 july 18, 1966) was an american rock singer and guitar player best known for his single ""i fought the law""."
both nations eventully agreed to a peace that left the prewar boundaries intact.	both nations eventfully agreed to a peace that left the prewar boundaries intact.
"in 2004 he released a two-album project entitled ""peace of our minds"" a compilation of his original piano compositions in tandem with famed cellist marston smith."	"in 2004 he released a two-album project entitled ""peace of our minds"" a compilation of his original piano compositions in tandem with cellist marston smith."
"carl sagan even stated that the whole planet is imminently endangered by ""testosterone poisoning."""	"carl sagan even pompously informs us that the whole planet is imminently endangered by ""testosterone poisoning."""
is best known for the popular personal transformation programs he established, the est training (1971 1981), the forum (1981 1991) and the landmark forum (1991-present).	is best known for the personal transformation programs he established, the est training (1971 1981), the forum (1981 1991) and the landmark forum (1991-present).
her controversial right-wing agenda has earned her a reputation for strong criticism of social and political liberalism.	her controversial right-wing commentary has earned her a reputation for strong criticism of social and political liberalism.
members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints believe that the jewish messiah is jesus christ .	members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints believe that the jewish messiah is jesus of nazareth .
the legend of zelda: ocarina of time 3d has received unanimous critical acclaim from reviewers.	the legend of zelda: ocarina of time 3d has received critical acclaim from reviewers.
faith freedom international is a secularist organization which advocates criticism of islam.	faith freedom international is a secularist organization which advocates the eradication of islam.
the mavs did score a game 5 victory in dallas by a score of 118112, but the warriors proved too tough for the mavs, as golden state finished off the top-seed in game 6 with a resounding 11186 victory in one of the greatest upsets in nba playoff history.	the mavs did score a game 5 victory in dallas by a score of 118112, but the warriors proved too much of a mismatch for the mavs, as golden state finished off the top-seed in game 6 with a resounding 11186 victory in one of the greatest upsets in nba playoff history.
by his sophomore year, he was clearly the team's biggest star; as a junior, he was named the national player of the year.	by his sophomore year, he was the team's biggest star; as a junior, he was named the national player of the year.
kew village refers to several attractive parades of shops adjoining kew gardens station.	kew village refers to several parades of shops adjoining kew gardens station.
as practiced by the lds church, there is no firm restriction relating to meat consumption, but all narcotics and alcohol are forbidden, including beer.	as practiced by the lds church, there is no firm restriction relating to meat consumption, but all narcotics and alcoholic beverage s are forbidden, including beer.
most of the operation were taken under heavy fire, forcing the idf to demolish buildings which were used as fire-posts for palestinian snipers and rpg launchers.	most of the operation were taken under heavy fire, prompting the idf to demolish buildings which were used as fire-posts for palestinian snipers and rpg launchers.
during those times the media formed for him unjustly a fame of a bully, dirty player of some sorts, but despite that the inter fans adore him because of his gladiatorial spirit, his very big work rate and spirit for sacrifice.	during those times the media formed for him a fame of a bully, dirty player of some sorts, but despite that the inter fans adore him because of his gladiatorial spirit, his very big work rate and spirit for sacrifice.
since his release martin has appeared on the platform of the right wing united kingdom independence party and has also endorsed the neo-nazi british national party.	since his release martin has appeared on the platform of the right wing united kingdom independence party and has also endorsed the right wing british national party.
with india's independence, madras presidency became madras state, which was divided along linguistic lines on november 1 1956, when malabar district was merged with the malayalam-speaking kasaragod district immediately to the north and the state of travancore-cochin to the south to form the state of kerala.	with india's independence, madras presidency became madras state, which was divided along linguistic lines on november 1 1956, when malabar district was merged with the kasaragod district immediately to the north and the state of travancore-cochin to the south to form the state of kerala.
unfortunately the song failed to reach the charts.	the song failed to reach the charts.
this confusion has generated multiple humorous theories to explain the memories, including an unannounced name change, time travel, or parallel universes and has been described as an instance of the mandela effect.	this confusion has generated multiple theories to explain the memories, including an unannounced name change, time travel, or parallel universes and has been described as an instance of the mandela effect.
"in 2006, cbs evening news writer greg khandra claimed that kael ""never really said"" the quote."	"in 2006, cbs evening news writer greg khandra wrote that kael ""never really said"" the quote."
the first well-known athlete to light the fire in the stadium was nine-fold olympic champion paavo nurmi, who excited the home crowd in 1952. other famous last bearers of the torch include french mega- football star michel platini (1992), heavyweight boxing champion muhammad ali (1996) and australian aboriginal runner cathy freeman (2000).	the first well-known athlete to light the fire in the stadium was nine-fold olympic champion paavo nurmi, who excited the home crowd in 1952. other famous last bearers of the torch include french football star michel platini (1992), heavyweight boxing champion muhammad ali (1996) and australian aboriginal runner cathy freeman (2000).
mass effect is set in the year 2183. thirty-five years earlier, mankind discovered a cache of technology on mars, supposedly built by a technologically advanced but long-extinct race called the protheans.	mass effect is set in the year 2183. thirty-five years earlier, humankind discovered a cache of technology on mars, supposedly built by a technologically advanced but long-extinct race called the protheans.
jim webb, the decorated vietnam veteran and freshman senator from virginia whose son is serving in iraq, delivered the democratic response from capitol hill, the second year in a row for a virginia politician.	jim webb, the vietnam veteran and freshman senator from virginia whose son is serving in iraq, delivered the democratic response from capitol hill, the second year in a row for a virginia politician.
liberal biblical scholarship regards the text as a production of either the kingdom of judah (7th c. bce) or post-exilic times (6th or 5th c. bce).	biblical scholarship regards the text as a production of either the kingdom of judah (7th c. bce) or post-exilic times (6th or 5th c. bce).
"paul mccartney, who hadn't talked to jackson in years after jackson bought the beatles catalog from under mccartney in 1985 (and later infamously licensed the song revolution for a television commercial for nike), called jackson a ""massively talented boy man with a gentle soul."""	"paul mccartney, who hadn't talked to jackson in years after jackson bought the beatles catalog from under mccartney in 1985 (and later licensed the song revolution for a television commercial for nike), called jackson a ""massively talented boy man with a gentle soul."""
he is rightly considered by the catholic church to be an antipope.	he is considered by the catholic church to be an antipope.
directed by josh trank, fantastic four was released on august 7, 2015 and received extremely negative reviews from both critics and public.	directed by josh trank, fantastic four was released on august 7, 2015 and received negative reviews from both critics and public.
white supremacism is the racist belief, or promotion of the belief, that white people are superior to people of other racial backgrounds and that therefore whites should politically, economically and socially dominate non-whites.	white supremacism is the belief, or promotion of the belief, that white people are superior to people of other racial backgrounds and that therefore whites should politically, economically and socially dominate non-whites.
the son of a hindu rajput mother who converted to islam, jahangir made the noble precepts of sunni islam the cornerstone of his state policies.	the son of a hindu rajput mother who converted to islam, jahangir made the precepts of sunni islam the cornerstone of his state policies.
curiously, she specifically mentioned well endowed british porn stud, mark davis (who is also one of the few uncircumsized actors in porn) as one of these men, suggesting that she really enjoyed her off screen affairs with him.	curiously, she specifically mentioned well endowed british porn stud, mark davis (who is also one of the few uncircumsized actors in porn) as one of these men, suggesting that she really enjoyed her off screen intercourse with him.
legacy encoding is a clich used sometimes to characterize old character encoding, but with an ambiguity of sense.	legacy encoding is a term used sometimes to characterize old character encoding, but with an ambiguity of sense.
bush's use of non-interventionism as a major theme in his first campaign would prove painfully ironic in coming years.	bush's use of non-interventionism as a major theme in his first campaign would prove ironic in coming years.
old saxony is the fatherland of the saxons and the place from which their raids and later colonisations of britannia were mounted.	old saxony is the original homeland of the saxons and the place from which their raids and later colonisations of britannia were mounted.
cyber, also referred to as cyber culture or cyberculture, is the name given to a subculture that has roots in multiple youth scenes including the goth and rave/clubbing scenes.	cyber, also referred to as cyber culture or cyberculture, is the name given to a subculture that has roots in multiple music scenes including the goth and rave/clubbing scenes.
though christian scientists respect the work of medical practitioners, most of them prefer to use prayer and to rely on god .	though christian scientists respect the work of medical practitioners, most of them prefer to use prayer and to rely on what they believe to be divine power .
the islands are a self-governing overseas territory of the united kingdom, but are the subject of a long-standing claim to sovereignty by argentina.	the islands are a self-governing overseas territory of the united kingdom, but are the subject of a claim to sovereignty by argentina.
since the 1960s, there has been a cyclical pattern of guerrilla attacks carried out by palestinian militia men on israel and brutal idf attacks on palestinian targets.	since the 1960s, there has been a cyclical pattern of guerrilla attacks carried out by palestinian militia men on israel and idf attacks on palestinian targets.
in october 2004 mark shuttleworth, a south african entrepreneur and owner of uk based company canonical ltd., founded the ubuntu foundation that is the company behind the creation of a computer operating system based on debian gnu/ linux.	in october 2004 mark shuttleworth, a south african entrepreneur and owner of uk based company canonical ltd., founded the ubuntu foundation that is the company behind the creation of a computer operating system based on debian linux.
sadly he became ill due to infections picked up on his travels and died a young man.	he became ill due to infections picked up on his travels and died a young man.
the university of california has a long tradition of involvement in many interesting enterprises that are often geographically or organizationally separate from its general campuses, including national laboratories, observatories, hospitals, continuing education programs, travel and conference facilities, and an art institute.	the university of california has a long tradition of involvement in many enterprises that are often geographically or organizationally separate from its general campuses, including national laboratories, observatories, hospitals, continuing education programs, travel and conference facilities, and an art institute.
the liberal democrats have chosen the poor-performing candidate from 2006, michael main, to contest the 2007 election for them.	the liberal democrats have chosen the candidate from 2006, michael main, to contest the 2007 election for them.
legal action comics is an art anthology published by illustrator danny hellman to pay for the legal costs after justifiably being sued for libel by fellow ny-based cartoonist ted rall.	legal action comics is an art anthology published by illustrator danny hellman to pay for the legal costs after being sued for libel by fellow ny-based cartoonist ted rall.
tutu also attacked tony blair's failed attempt to hold terrorist suspects in britain for up to 90 days without charge.	tutu also spoke against tony blair's failed attempt to hold terrorist suspects in britain for up to 90 days without charge.
rosemary nelson (4 september 1958 15 march 1999) was a prominent northern irish human rights lawyer who was killed by a loyalist paramilitary group in 1999. it has been suggested that british security forces were involved in her killing, however the findings of an inquiry which lasted 15 months stated that there was no evidence of collusion between loyalist paramilitaries and the security or secret services although the report added that it could not rule out the possibility that individual members of the security forces were involved in her murder .	rosemary nelson (4 september 1958 15 march 1999) was a prominent northern irish human rights lawyer who was killed by a loyalist paramilitary group in 1999. it has been suggested that british security forces were involved in her killing, however the findings of an inquiry which lasted 15 months stated that there was no evidence of collusion between loyalist paramilitaries and the security or secret services although the report added that it could not rule out the possibility that individual members of the security forces were involved in her killing .
control of the west bank and gaza placed israel in the position of control over a large population of palestinian arabs.	occupation of the west bank and gaza placed israel in the position of control over a large population of palestinian arabs.
joo hlio fernandes vieites was a 6 year-old brazilian boy who was brutally murdered on february 7, 2007 by being dragged from a car for 7 km (4.3 miles) after an armed carjacking by a group of young males in the zona norte (north zone) of rio de janeiro.	joo hlio fernandes vieites was a 6 year-old brazilian boy who was murdered on february 7, 2007 by being dragged from a car for 7 km (4.3 miles) after an armed carjacking by a group of young males in the zona norte (north zone) of rio de janeiro.
he is married to janet thompson and has two sons and two wonderful grandchildren.	he is married to janet thompson and has two sons and two grandchildren.
essendon never looked threatened from quarter time, and deservingly won its record-equalling 16th premiership by 60 points (an even 10 goals), after the most dominant season in history (still to this day).	essendon never looked threatened from quarter time, and won its record-equalling 16th premiership by 60 points (an even 10 goals), after the most dominant season in history (still to this day).
many conservative grammarians continue to view singular they as inherently ungrammatical, and certainly non-standard.	many grammarians continue to view singular they as inherently ungrammatical, and certainly non-standard.
one convincing reason for this is simple.	one reason for this is simple.
it was believed this rumor began at a high school football game (in tennessee) as the crowd gave a moment of silence for her passing .	it was believed this rumor began at a high school football game (in tennessee) as the crowd gave a moment of silence for her death .
in the late 20th and early 21st century, conspiracy researchers have become more vocal in media, which has contributed to conspiracism, a world view that centrally places conspiracy theories in the unfolding of history, to emerge as a cultural phenomenon.	in the late 20th and early 21st century, conspiracy theorists have become more vocal in media, which has contributed to conspiracism, a world view that centrally places conspiracy theories in the unfolding of history, to emerge as a cultural phenomenon.
"touch it is a major rap/hip-hop hit by busta rhymes which contains a sample from ""technologic"" by the electronic band daft punk."	"touch it is a rap/hip-hop hit by busta rhymes which contains a sample from ""technologic"" by the electronic band daft punk."
turretin greatly influenced the puritans, but until recently, he was a mostly forgotten protestant scholastic from the annals of church history, though the rough english translation of his institutes of elenctic theology is increasingly read by students of theology.	turretin greatly influenced the puritans, but until recently, he was a mostly forgotten protestant scholastic from the annals of church history, though the english translation of his institutes of elenctic theology is increasingly read by students of theology.
in 1883, sitting bull embraced the roman catholic faith and was baptized by a french-speaking jesuit priest.	in 1883, sitting bull converted to the roman catholic faith and was baptized by a french-speaking jesuit priest.
product placement is a modern version of exhibit displays.	product placement can be seen to be a modern version of exhibit displays.
georges brossard, cm, cq (born in 1940 in la prairie, qubec, canada) is a famed entomologist and founder of the montreal insectarium (insectarium de montral).	georges brossard, cm, cq (born in 1940 in la prairie, qubec, canada) is a canadian entomologist and founder of the montreal insectarium (insectarium de montral).
christopher died on the 28 june 2008 after a battle with cancer.	he died on the 28 june 2008 after a battle with cancer.
argentina masterfully won the gold.	argentina won the gold.
peter beale is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	peter beale is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders.
ncis is a television show that follows a fictional team of the naval criminal investigative service major case response team (mcrt) special agents, headquartered at the washington navy yard in washington, d.c.. it is described by the actors and producers (on special features on dvd releases in the usa) as being distinguished by its comedy elements, fantastic ensemble acting and character-driven plots.	ncis is a television show that follows a fictional team of the naval criminal investigative service major case response team (mcrt) special agents, headquartered at the washington navy yard in washington, d.c.. it is described by the actors and producers (on special features on dvd releases in the usa) as being distinguished by its comedy elements, ensemble acting and character-driven plots.
"march 5 1751  june 28, 1836) was an american politician and founding father who served as the fourth president of the united states from 1809 to 1817. he is hailed as the ""father of the constitution"" for his pivotal role in drafting and promoting the united states constitution and the bill of rights."	"march 5 1751  june 28, 1836) was an american statesman and founding father who served as the fourth president of the united states from 1809 to 1817. he is hailed as the ""father of the constitution"" for his pivotal role in drafting and promoting the united states constitution and the bill of rights."
avoiding dangerous climate change: a scientific symposium on stabilisation of greenhouse gases was a 2005 international conference that redefined the link between atmospheric greenhouse gas concentration, and the 2 c (3.6 f) ceiling on global warming thought necessary to avoid the most serious effects of global warming.	avoiding dangerous climate change: a scientific symposium on stabilisation of greenhouse gases was a 2005 international conference that examined the link between atmospheric greenhouse gas concentration, and the 2 c (3.6 f) ceiling on global warming thought necessary to avoid the most serious effects of global warming.
shortz achieved this exceptional feat by designing his own curriculum through indiana university's individualized major program.	shortz achieved this feat by designing his own curriculum through indiana university's individualized major program.
"the mori party welcomed the report on 1080 by the parliamentary commissioner for the environment, as a result of the report, it has dropped a call to ban 1080. in the run up to the 2011 general election, its party line was that ""(1080 is) all we have at the moment and it's really good for the things like the rats and the stoatssays more research is needed""."	"the mori party welcomed the report on 1080 by the parliamentary commissioner for the environment, as a result of the report, it has dropped a call to ban 1080. in the run up to the 2011 general election, its party line was that ""(1080 is) all we have at the moment and it's really good for the things like the rats and the stoats"" but says more research is needed""."
the boeing x-32 was the ugly competitor in the joint strike fighter contest.	the boeing x-32 was the losing competitor in the joint strike fighter contest.
the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a terror organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.	the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a militant organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.
in the first match against sc braga in the 1/16 uefa europa league finals rudevs scored a goal, as lech won 1-0. unfortunately , in the second match lech lost 0-2 and were knocked out of the europa league.	in the first match against sc braga in the 1/16 uefa europa league finals rudevs scored a goal, as lech won 1-0. however , in the second match lech lost 0-2 and were knocked out of the europa league.
the caldera formed and lake pinatubo has since become a good tourist attraction with the preferred route through barangay santa juliana in capas, tarlac.	the caldera formed and lake pinatubo has since become a tourist attraction with the preferred route through barangay santa juliana in capas, tarlac.
for derby, in the run up to world war ii, presciently spoke at the house of commons against aerial bombing of german cities based on moral grounds.	for derby, in the run up to world war ii, spoke at the house of commons against aerial bombing of german cities based on moral grounds.
father arnold renz later claimed that he had been prevented from entering the mortuary.	father arnold renz later stated that he had been prevented from entering the mortuary.
"in a drastic retcon of the setting's history, forgotten realms material for the fourth edition of dungeons & dragons ""reveals"" that the world was split in two in prehistory, divided between the primordials (abeir) and the gods (toril.)"	"in a significant retcon of the setting's history, forgotten realms material for the fourth edition of dungeons & dragons ""reveals"" that the world was split in two in prehistory, divided between the primordials (abeir) and the gods (toril.)"
today, a typhoid mary is a term for a carrier of a dangerous disease who is a danger to the public because he /she refuses to take appropriate precautions or cooperate with the authorities to minimize the risk.	today, a typhoid mary is a term for a carrier of a dangerous disease who is a danger to the public because he refuses to take appropriate precautions or cooperate with the authorities to minimize the risk.
the first involvement of the navy in any conflict came with the success of operation vijay in the 1961 annexation of goa.	the first involvement of the navy in any conflict came with the success of operation vijay in the 1961 reunification of goa.
parton performed the tune on the season premiere of dancing with the stars at the end of september and again at the macy's thanksgiving day parade a music video was released, employing the talents of comedienne and satirist amy sedaris.	parton performed the tune on the season premiere of dancing with the stars at the end of september and again at the macy's thanksgiving day parade a music video was released, employing the talents of comedian and satirist amy sedaris.
of them, only sweden would be lucky enough to remain unattacked during world war ii.	of them, only sweden would be fortunate enough to remain unattacked during world war ii.
in august 2004, an east kilbride woman became the victim of vicious internet rumours, believing her to be maxine carr.	in august 2004, an east kilbride woman became the victim of internet rumours, believing her to be maxine carr.
in the book, coulter thanks behe, dembski and berlinski fulsomely for their assistance with this section.	in the book, coulter thanks behe, dembski and berlinski for their assistance with this section.
by the time of her death she was almost forgotten and the news of her passing never appeared in the press.	by the time of her death she was almost forgotten and the news of her death never appeared in the press.
the csd has contributed a major research paper to the extant body of research on the sector, detailing the standards and policies of vocational training in nine countries around the world.	the csd has contributed a research paper to the extant body of research on the sector, detailing the standards and policies of vocational training in nine countries around the world.
frontier martial-arts wrestling (fmw) was a revolutionary japanese professional wrestling promotion founded in 1989 by atsushi onita.	frontier martial-arts wrestling (fmw) was a japanese professional wrestling promotion founded in 1989 by atsushi onita.
is the 24th prime-time animated tv special based upon the popular comic strip peanuts, by charles m. schulz.	is the 24th prime-time animated tv special based upon the comic strip peanuts, by charles m. schulz.
he also appeared in episodes of several cbs television series the web, studio one, and lux video theatre, before gaining admission to the legendary actors studio to study method acting under lee strasberg.	he also appeared in episodes of several cbs television series the web, studio one, and lux video theatre, before gaining admission to the actors studio to study method acting under lee strasberg.
unfortunately , the majority of the area does not get regular snow falls.	although , the majority of the area does not get regular snow falls.
in an article in the june 5, 2006 issue of rolling stone magazine titled was the 2004 election stolen?, he stated his erroneous belief that the republican party stole the 2004 american presidential election.	in an article in the june 5, 2006 issue of rolling stone magazine titled was the 2004 election stolen?, he stated his belief that the republican party stole the 2004 american presidential election.
originally scheduled to be premiered at the 1998 cannes film festival with janet leigh attending, the screening was cancelled in the eleventh-hour after threats of litigation from welles' daughter beatrice welles , who has in the past frequently issued similar threats against some parties who try to show or alter (such as the touch of evil restoration or the completion of welles' last film the other side of the wind) her father's work.	originally scheduled to be premiered at the 1998 cannes film festival with janet leigh attending, the screening was cancelled in the eleventh-hour after threats of litigation from welles' daughter beatrice welles , who has in the past issued similar threats against some parties who try to show or alter (such as the touch of evil restoration or the completion of welles' last film the other side of the wind) her father's work.
the debacle of long-term capital management	the fall of long-term capital management
a version of the title song was recorded by ethel merman for her infamous ethel merman disco album in 1979.	a version of the title song was recorded by ethel merman for her ethel merman disco album in 1979.
it was the third and final tasman series win for clark who was sadly killed in a formula 2 crash on the ultra fast hockenheim circuit in west germany just over a month after the series concluded.	it was the third and final tasman series win for clark who was killed in a formula 2 crash on the ultra fast hockenheim circuit in west germany just over a month after the series concluded.
a school production is also put on every year by the school's talented group of performing arts students.	a school production is also put on every year by the school's group of performing arts students.
one way to bypass the protection (not the encryption) might be to emulate a computer with a compromized fritz-chip.	one way to bypass the copy prevention (not the encryption) might be to emulate a computer with a compromized fritz-chip.
since its declaration of independence from georgia in 1991 during the georgian-ossetian conflict, it is controlled by the republic of south ossetia (recognised only by russian federation and nicaragua, both in 2008; see international recognition of abkhazia and south ossetia), which claims the territory of the south ossetian autonomous oblast within the former georgian soviet socialist republic.	since its declaration of independence from georgia in 1991 during the georgian-ossetian conflict, it is controlled by the republic of south ossetia (recognised by russian federation and nicaragua, both in 2008; see international recognition of abkhazia and south ossetia), which claims the territory of the south ossetian autonomous oblast within the former georgian soviet socialist republic.
the frighteners is the fifteenfth episode of the first series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring ian hendry, patrick macnee and ingrid hafner, and guest starring willoughby goddard, philip gilbert, stratford johns, doris hare, neil wilson and philip locke.	the frighteners is the fifteenfth episode of the first series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring ian hendry, patrick macnee and ingrid hafner, and guest starring willoughby goddard, philip gilbert, stratford johns, doris hare, neil wilson and philip locke.
abdalqadir as-sufi advocates adherence to the original legal school of islam, the tradition of the people of medina as recorded by malik ibn anas, since, as discussed at length in his seminal work root islamic education, he considers this the primal formulation of islamic society and a necessity for the re-establishment of islam in the current age.	abdalqadir as-sufi advocates adherence to the original legal school of islam, the tradition of the people of medina as recorded by malik ibn anas, since, as discussed at length in his work root islamic education, he considers this the primal formulation of islamic society and a necessity for the re-establishment of islam in the current age.
unam students and professors are regarded throughout mexico as very politically aware and sometimes too politically active.	unam students and professors are regarded throughout mexico as very politically aware and sometimes intensely politically active.
PUNCT DET NOUN NOUN NOUN VERB DET NOUN NOUN ADP ADJ ADP DET NOUN ADP PRON VERB VERB ADP PRON INTJ ADP ADP DET NOUN ADP NOUN PUNCT CCONJ VERB VERB ADV ADJ ADP DET ADJ ADP VERB VERB ADJ ADJ ADJ ADJ NOUN PUNCT	punct det nsubj nsubj nsubj ROOT det dobj dobj advmod advmod prep det pobj dobj nsubj relcl relcl prep poss pobj mark advcl det pobj prep pobj punct cc conj conj advmod dobj prep pobj amod prep pcomp pcomp amod amod amod amod dobj punct
sullivan has largely supported a liberal definition of gay rights, which he articulated in his book virtually normal.	sullivan has supported a liberal definition of gay rights, which he articulated in his book virtually normal.
the old guard participated in one of the first battles of the indian wars - the disasterous harmar campaign in 1790- and one of the last battle of the indian wars- the battle of sugar point in 1898.	the old guard participated in one of the first battles of the indian wars - the harmar campaign in 1790- and one of the last battle of the indian wars- the battle of sugar point in 1898.
"tintin's iconic representation enhances this aspect, with comics expert scott mccloud noting that the combination of tintin's iconic, neutral neutral personality and herg's ""unusually realistic"", signature (""clear line"") style ""allows the reader to mask themselves in a character and safely enter a sensually stimulating world."""	"tintin's iconic representation enhances this aspect, with comics expert scott mccloud noting that the combination of tintin's iconic, neutral personality and herg's ""unusually realistic"", signature (""clear line"") style ""allows the reader to mask themselves in a character and safely enter a sensually stimulating world."""
phitsanulok is approximately at a 75 km distance from the unesco world heritage site at nearby sukhothai.	phitsanulok is approximately at a 75 km distance from the unesco world heritage site at sukhothai.
in may 2018, bernstein copied the work of other jewelry designers for her collaboration with nordstrom and lulu dk, which were subsequently removed from sale.	in may 2018, bernstein allegedly imitated the work of other jewelry designers for her collaboration with nordstrom and lulu dk, which were subsequently removed from sale.
communism is an ideology that seeks to establish a future classless, stateless social organization based upon common ownership of the means of production and the absence of private property.	communism is an ideology that seeks to establish a future classless, social organization based upon common ownership of the means of production and the absence of private property.
in july 2006, the tajik government renamed it after the tajik scientist avicenna.	in july 2006, the tajik government renamed it after the persian scientist avicenna.
the form of the good is one of the most abstruse doctrines in plato's metaphysics and epistemology and there is no scholarly consensus as to its meaning in the abstract or how it is supposed to exercise its influence in practice.	the form of the good is one of the most cryptic doctrines in plato's metaphysics and epistemology and there is no scholarly consensus as to its meaning in the abstract or how it is supposed to exercise its influence in practice.
released in august 2005, due to clauses in the deal to sign him stating that leeds must pay a further fee after 50 league appearances and his extortionate 38k a week wages, he returned to where he is now successfully resurrecting his career and remains a fans' favourite.	released in august 2005, due to clauses in the deal to sign him stating that leeds must pay a further fee after 50 league appearances and his 38k a week wages, he returned to where he is now successfully resurrecting his career and remains a fans' favourite.
kingdom hall of jehovah's witnessesjehovah's witnesses are members of an international secta who believe they are the restoration of first-century christianity.	kingdom hall of jehovah's witnessesjehovah's witnesses are members of an international religion who believe they are the restoration of first-century christianity.
most departmental catholic schools charge no more than what an average government school would charge, although the larger independent schools are known for charging significant tuition fees.	most departmental catholic schools charge no more than what an average government school would charge, although the larger independent schools are known for charging higher tuition fees.
de cazenave was also the oldest living frenchman, as of 23 august, 2007. as of 11 december, 2007, he was the fourth-oldest man in europe and the eleventh-oldest man in the world as well, until his own death just 40 days later.	de cazenave was also the oldest living frenchman, as of 23 august, 2007. as of 11 december, 2007, he was the fourth-oldest man in europe and the eleventh-oldest man in the world as well, until his own death 40 days later.
one supposedly dances for the virgin of socavn (patroness of miners), or the virgin of the candelaria, and promises to dance for three years of one's life.	one supposedly dances for the virgin of socavn (patroness of miners), or the virgin of candelaria, and promises to dance for three years of one's life.
holmes naturally chose the former option.	holmes chose the former option.
the south continued to send an overwhelmingly democratic delegation to congress until the republican revolution of 1994. today, the south is considered a republican stronghold at all levels above the local level, with republicans finally holding majorities in every state except arkansas and kentucky after 2010. political experts have often cited a southernization of politics following the fall of the solid south.	the south continued to send an overwhelmingly democratic delegation to congress until the republican revolution of 1994. today, the south is considered a republican stronghold at all levels above the local level, with republicans holding majorities in every state except arkansas and kentucky after 2010. political experts have often cited a southernization of politics following the fall of the solid south.
many early comissars later ended up in opposition to the party majority led by stalin and allegedly conspired with the clandestine trotskyist opposition or some other opposition group, which led to their expulsion from the party or being arrested.	many early comissars later ended up in opposition to the party majority led by stalin and allegedly conspired with the trotskyist opposition or some other opposition group, which led to their expulsion from the party or being arrested.
american artist james rosenquist immortalized the aircraft in his acclaimed 1965 room-sized pop art painting entitled f-111 that features an early natural-finish example of the aircraft in usaf markings.	american artist james rosenquist portrayed the aircraft in his acclaimed 1965 room-sized pop art painting entitled f-111 that features an early natural-finish example of the aircraft in usaf markings.
some claim lake memphremagog contains an amphibious monster named memphre (or memphr), which has received sightings since the 18th century and continues on in the folklore of the area.	some have stated that lake memphremagog contains an amphibious monster named memphre (or memphr), which has received sightings since the 18th century and continues on in the folklore of the area.
in the summer of 1941 it was heroically defended by soviet soldiers against the german wehrmacht in the first days of operation barbarossa, earning it the title of hero fortress.	in the summer of 1941 it was defended by soviet soldiers against the german wehrmacht in the first days of operation barbarossa, earning it the title of hero fortress.
steve serio (born september 8, 1987) is a world-renowned wheelchair basketball player.	steve serio (born september 8, 1987) is a wheelchair basketball player.
many medieval sunni schools of islamic jurisprudence held that apostasy by a male muslim is punishable by death, differing only on whether to execute the apostate immediately or grant the apostate an opportunity to repent and thus avoid penalty.	some medieval sunni schools of islamic jurisprudence held that apostasy by a male muslim is punishable by death, differing only on whether to execute the apostate immediately or grant the apostate an opportunity to repent and thus avoid penalty.
burka avenger is a multi-award-winning pakistani animated television series created by aaron haroon rashid (a.k.a.	burka avenger is a pakistani animated television series created by aaron haroon rashid (a.k.a.
further, he argued that there is no more testable evidence to suggest that large class size is always worse than there is to suggest that small class size is always better.	further, he argued that there is no testable evidence to suggest that large class size is always worse than there is to suggest that small class size is always better.
her removal from the house was a source of controversy, with over 1,000 complaints about her unfair removal.	her removal from the house was a source of controversy, with over 1,000 complaints about her removal.
"many scientists, however, dismiss the ""paleocene dinosaurs"" as re-worked, i.e."	"other scientists, however, dismiss the ""paleocene dinosaurs"" as re-worked, i.e."
timperley is a fantastic village situated within the town of altrincham, which is part of the borough of trafford in greater manchester.	timperley is a village situated within the town of altrincham, which is part of the borough of trafford in greater manchester.
rovers sent the match into extra-time were it ended 33, but unfortunately lost 43 in the shootout.	rovers sent the match into extra-time were it ended 33, but lost 43 in the shootout.
charlie brooker's screenwipe is a humorous british television review programme broadcast on bbc four by charlie brooker.	charlie brooker's screenwipe is a british television review programme broadcast on bbc four by charlie brooker.
umpire jim joyce's controversial safe call at first base on june 2, 2010 which deprived detroit tigers pitcher armando galarraga of a perfect game has led to calls for using instant replay beyond deciding home runs.	umpire jim joyce's incorrect safe call at first base on june 2, 2010 which deprived detroit tigers pitcher armando galarraga of a perfect game has led to calls for using instant replay beyond deciding home runs.
leading renewable energy companies include brightsource energy, first solar, gamesa, ge energy, goldwind, sinovel, suntech, trina solar, vestas and yingli.	renewable energy companies include brightsource energy, first solar, gamesa, ge energy, goldwind, sinovel, suntech, trina solar, vestas and yingli.
although several errors were found in the report the ipcc has said the report remains robust and the science sound.	although some errors were found in the report the ipcc has said the report remains robust and the science sound.
pinning trees to dull mill blades is a form of ecodefense and monkeywrenching.	pinning trees to dull mill blades is a form of ecoterrorism and monkeywrenching.
the arab christians belong to different churches: melkite greek catholic church , greek orthodox church , maronite catholic church , protestant church , roman catholic church and few belong to the coptic church.	the arabic-speaking christians belong to different churches: melkite greek catholic church , greek orthodox church , maronite catholic church , protestant church , roman catholic church and few belong to the coptic church.
this is the irritating buzz which can sometimes be heard if a gsm phone is left next to a radio or speakers.	this is the buzz which can sometimes be heard if a gsm phone is left next to a radio or speakers.
the bins are designed and manufactured by norseman plastics, a leading manufacturer of recycling and organic waste containers in north america.	the bins are designed and manufactured by norseman plastics, a manufacturer of recycling and organic waste containers in north america.
brandeis university, a prestigious liberal arts university located in waltham, massachusetts is named after him.	brandeis university, a liberal arts university located in waltham, massachusetts is named after him.
maria izabel goulart dourado (born october 23, 1984) is a brazilian supermodel .	maria izabel goulart dourado (born october 23, 1984) is a brazilian model .
a typical amfj show is filled with mesmerizing feedback loops, mixed with loud, beat oriented playbacks and heavily sound-altered vocals.	a typical amfj show is filled with feedback loops, mixed with loud, beat oriented playbacks and heavily sound-altered vocals.
thomas chrowder chamberlin (chrowder is ) (september 25, 1843 november 15, 1928) was an influential american geologist and educator.	thomas chrowder chamberlin (chrowder is ) (september 25, 1843 november 15, 1928) was an american geologist and educator.
patricia neal (born september 21, 1944), known professionally as fannie flagg, is an american actress, comedienne and author.	patricia neal (born september 21, 1944), known professionally as fannie flagg, is an american actress, comedian and author.
unfortunately , the lakers lost the game with an upset of 3-0. the lakers ended the 2010 season as second in state and first in their section.	however , the lakers lost the game with an upset of 3-0. the lakers ended the 2010 season as second in state and first in their section.
gustav leonhardt (30 may 1928 16 january 2012) was a renowned dutch keyboard player, conductor , musicologist, teacher and editor.	gustav leonhardt (30 may 1928 16 january 2012) was a dutch keyboard player, conductor, musicologist, teacher and editor.
"in 2001, famous rap group cya from serbia, sampled this song for their song ""to je samo ivot"" which means ""that's just life""."	"in 2001, rap group cya from serbia, sampled this song for their song ""to je samo ivot"" which means ""that's just life""."
the assault on reason (isbn 1594201226) is a book to be published on may 22, 2007 written by former vice president al gore about a supposed trend in u.s. politics towards ignoring facts and analyses when making policy decisions.	the assault on reason (isbn 1594201226) is a book to be published on may 22, 2007 written by former vice president al gore about a claimed trend in u.s. politics towards ignoring facts and analyses when making policy decisions.
as of september 5, 2008, rotten tomatoes records a 7% positive rating, while metacritic compiles a 26% rating based on 15 reviews, and an average user score of 4.1 out of 10. imdb records an overall user rating of 5.4 out of 10. the imdb ratings are heavily polarized, with the largest blocks of voters awarding the movie either 10 (excellent) or 1 (awful).	as of september 5, 2008, rotten tomatoes records a 7% positive rating, while metacritic compiles a 26% rating based on 15 reviews, and an average user score of 4.1 out of 10. imdb records an overall user rating of 5.4 out of 10. the imdb ratings are polarized, with the largest blocks of voters awarding the movie either 10 (excellent) or 1 (awful).
this is a list of 2008 rocket and mortar attacks on israel, by hamas and palestinian terrorists from the gaza strip.	this is a list of 2008 rocket and mortar attacks on israel, by hamas and palestinian militants from the gaza strip.
let you down is written and performed by american christian hip hop artist and songwriter nf.	let you down is written and performed by american hip hop artist and songwriter nf.
they invaded the sinai and golan heights, respectively, which had been captured by israel in 1967 during the six-day war.	they advanced across the cease-fire lines in the sinai and golan heights, respectively, which had been captured by israel in 1967 during the six-day war.
charoen sirivadhanabhakdi, the thailand's third richest entrepreneur expanded his thaibev drinks and property empire to include this venerable singapore conglomerate.	charoen sirivadhanabhakdi, the thailand's third richest entrepreneur expanded his thaibev drinks and property empire to include this singapore conglomerate.
the ten days at the height of the summer between the two truces were dominated by large scale israeli offensives and an entirely defensive posture from the arab side.	the ten days at the height of the summer between the two truces were dominated by large scale israeli offensives and an defensive posture from the arab side.
publications recommending so-called alternative remedies are prone to making vague and wildly ambitious claims.	publications recommending alternative remedies are prone to making vague and wildly ambitious claims .
so paulo became tri-campeo after trouncing atltico paranaense 5-1 on aggragate in 2005.	so paulo became tri-campeo after defeating atltico paranaense 5-1 on aggragate in 2005.
on august 6, 2014 sprint announced that hesse would be replaced by marcelo claure, founder of brightstar corporation.	on august 6, 2014 sprint announced that hesse would be succeeded by marcelo claure, founder of brightstar corporation.
a typical well-kept residential street in aetna	a typical residential street in aetna
however, since the pronunciation's drastic change, kimchi is no longer associated with its original hanja .	however, since the pronunciation's change, kimchi is no longer associated with its original hanja .
the national day of reason was created by the american humanist association and the washington area secular humanists in 2003. in addition to serving as a holiday for constitutionalists and secularists, the national day of reason was created in response to the perceived obvious unconstitutionality of the national day of prayer.	the national day of reason was created by the american humanist association and the washington area secular humanists in 2003. in addition to serving as a holiday for constitutionalists and secularists, the national day of reason was created in response to the perceived unconstitutionality of the national day of prayer.
although fonda's actions in july 1972 did not received widespread coverage at the time (the new york times, for example, ran only a brief upi story and no photograph), her trip was perceived by some as an unpatriotic display of aid and comfort to the enemy, with some even characterizing it as treason; the nixon administratiin, however, dismissed calls for legal action against her.	although fonda's actions in july 1972 did not received widespread coverage at the time (the new york times, for example, ran only a brief upi story and no photograph), her trip was perceived by some as an unpatriotic display of aid and comfort to the enemy, with some characterizing it as treason; the nixon administratiin, however, dismissed calls for legal action against her.
on may 26, 2010 they released their long-awaited fourth album album, tokyo groove.	on may 26, 2010 they released their fourth album album, tokyo groove.
the zodiac and naming system of hindu astrology, including mangala as mars, likely developed in the centuries before the arrival of greek astrology with alexander the great, their zodiac signs being nearly identical.	the zodiac and naming system of hindu astrology, including mangala as mars, likely developed in the centuries after the arrival of greek astrology with alexander the great, their zodiac signs being nearly identical.
on 20 september 2006, chvez delivered a speech to the united nations general assembly damning u.s. president george bush.	on 20 september 2006, chvez delivered a speech to the united nations general assembly condemning u.s. president george bush.
the best known of these works are the school of athens and the disputation on the blessed sacrament, two large, arch-shaped frescoes, the first depicting the pagan philosophers of antiquity grouped around plato and aristotle and the second depicting christian theologians grouped under jesus.	the best known of these works are the school of athens and the disputation on the blessed sacrament, two large, arch-shaped frescoes, the first depicting the philosophers of antiquity grouped around plato and aristotle and the second depicting christian theologians grouped under jesus.
in 2009, square enix announced a bastardizarion of the original game titled lufia: curse of the sinistrals.	in 2009, square enix announced a re-imagining of the original game titled lufia: curse of the sinistrals.
the placement of such tattoos on the lower back may be seen by some men as more seductive than other common female tattoo locations such as the ankle or shoulderblade.	the placement of such tattoos on the lower back may be seen by some as more seductive than other common female tattoo locations such as the ankle or shoulderblade.
this position does attract opposition from many evangelicals, who charge that such an attitude refutes or slights reformation (particularly calvinist) teachings that the effects of original sin remain even in the most faithful of souls.	this position does attract opposition from certain evangelicals, who charge that such an attitude refutes or slights reformation (particularly calvinist) teachings that the effects of original sin remain even in the most faithful of souls.
the company developed and markets, in partnership with trioviz company, the trioviz for games technology , a leading technological solution that enables smooth stereoscopic 3d conversion of video games or multimedia products.	the company developed and markets, in partnership with trioviz company, the trioviz for games technology, a technological solution that enables smooth stereoscopic 3d conversion of video games or multimedia products.
the self-released edition of enjoy eternal bliss was often reviewed favorably (although the band has boldly copied negative reviews onto its myspace site) and gained attention because of its distinctive, individualized hand-made covers.	the self-released edition of enjoy eternal bliss was often reviewed favorably (although the band has copied negative reviews onto its myspace site) and gained attention because of its distinctive, individualized hand-made covers.
the green berets is a 1968 american propaganda war film featuring john wayne, george takei, david janssen, jim hutton and aldo ray, nominally based on the eponymous 1965 book by robin moore, though the screenplay has little relation to the book.	the green berets is a 1968 american war film featuring john wayne, george takei, david janssen, jim hutton and aldo ray, nominally based on the eponymous 1965 book by robin moore, though the screenplay has little relation to the book.
in the late 20th century, largely through the efforts of wu man, min xiao-fen, and other extraordinary performers, chinese and western contemporary composers began to create new works for the pipa (both solo and in combination with chamber ensembles and orchestra).	in the late 20th century, largely through the efforts of wu man, min xiao-fen, and other performers, chinese and western contemporary composers began to create new works for the pipa (both solo and in combination with chamber ensembles and orchestra).
peter sloterdijk (born june 26, 1947 in karlsruhe) is a renowned german philosopher and a professor of philosophy and media theory at the karlsruhe school of design.	peter sloterdijk (born june 26, 1947 in karlsruhe) is a german philosopher and a professor of philosophy and media theory at the karlsruhe school of design.
another gives a specific pro-polsiario meaning to the color scheme: red as the color of the blood of martyrs; the black stripe on the top signifying moroccan occupation, while the white stripe stands for peace, and the green one for turning the desert green.	another gives a specific sahrawi meaning to the color scheme: red as the color of the blood of martyrs; the black stripe on the top signifying moroccan occupation, while the white stripe stands for peace, and the green one for turning the desert green.
the loss of life was attributed to a series of unfortunate coincidences, aggravated by a lack of lifesaving infrastructure along vancouver island's coast.	the loss of life was attributed to a series of coincidences, aggravated by a lack of lifesaving infrastructure along vancouver island's coast.
even infants as young as five months are capable of experiencing orgasm, as documented in the research of alfred kinsey.	infants as young as five months are capable of experiencing orgasm, as documented in the research of alfred kinsey.
all these problems come up because trusted computing protects programs against everything, even you .	all these problems come up because trusted computing protects programs against everything, even the user .
st. joseph's forane church in peravoor is the first syro-malabar catholic church in malabar, formed under the thalassery archdiocese peravoor is near to the famous kottiyoor shiva temple and sree mridanga saileswari kshethram.	st. joseph's forane church in peravoor is the first syro-malabar catholic church in malabar, formed under the thalassery archdiocese peravoor is near to the kottiyoor shiva temple and sree mridanga saileswari kshethram.
28 keith maupin, 20, u.s. army private first class, murdered by islamist militants	28 keith maupin, 20, u.s. army private first class, killed by islamist militants
during a 1999 game against the hated dallas cowboys, cowboys wide receiver (and bete noire of eagle fans) michael irvin was knocked unconscious when his head was driven into philadelphia's hard turf-covered cement field after a catch.	during a 1999 game against the division rival dallas cowboys, cowboys wide receiver (and bete noire of eagle fans) michael irvin was knocked unconscious when his head was driven into philadelphia's hard turf-covered cement field after a catch.
sigmaringen is a beautiful city in southern germany, in the state of baden-wrttemberg, formerly hohenzollern, capital of the sigmaringen district.	sigmaringen is a city in southern germany, in the state of baden-wrttemberg, formerly hohenzollern, capital of the sigmaringen district.
another one of their discoveries is that in moore's academy award winning film bowling for columbine, moore misleads the audience in describing the safety canadians feel in their homes.	another one of their assertions is that in moore's academy award winning film bowling for columbine, moore misleads the audience in describing the safety canadians feel in their homes.
anarcho-capitalism sic	anarcho-capitalism
the company's notable comics include the first 3-d comic book, three dimension comics #1 (sept. 1953 oversize format, oct. 1953 standard-size reprint), featuring the terrytoons movie-cartoon character mighty mouse.	the company's comics include the first 3-d comic book, three dimension comics #1 (sept. 1953 oversize format, oct. 1953 standard-size reprint), featuring the terrytoons movie-cartoon character mighty mouse.
the main new deal programs still important today are social security, and the securities and exchange commission (sec), which regulates wall street.	the main new deal programs still in existence today are social security, and the securities and exchange commission (sec), which regulates wall street.
bob jones iii - racist theologian and university rector	bob jones iii - theologian and university rector
unfortunately , by the time the green line opened in 1995, the cold war was over, and the aerospace sector was hemorrhaging jobs.	however , by the time the green line opened in 1995, the cold war was over, and the aerospace sector was hemorrhaging jobs.
holocaust deniers, on the other hand, argue to support a preconceived theory, namely that the holocaust simply did not take place or was largely a hoax, ignoring extensive historical evidence to the contrary.	holocaust deniers, on the other hand, argue to support a preconceived theory, namely that the holocaust simply did not take place or was largely a hoax, contradicting extensive historical evidence to the contrary.
united kingdom armed services victims of the 1916 rising and the leinster sinking are among the 75 commonwealth service personnel of world war i who are buried in this cemetery, as are 27 from world war ii, whose graves are registered and maintained by the commonwealth war graves commission.	united kingdom armed services casualties of the 1916 rising and the leinster sinking are among the 75 commonwealth service personnel of world war i who are buried in this cemetery, as are 27 from world war ii, whose graves are registered and maintained by the commonwealth war graves commission.
mabel's strange predicament is one of more than a dozen early films that writer/director/ comedienne mabel normand made with chaplin; normand, who had written and directed films before chaplin, mentored the young comedian.	mabel's strange predicament is one of more than a dozen early films that writer/director/ comedian mabel normand made with chaplin; normand, who had written and directed films before chaplin, mentored the young comedian.
muslims believe that the qur'an is the literal word of god and the culmination of god's revelation to mankind, revealed to the prophet muhammad over a period of 23 years through the angel jibril (gabriel).	muslims believe that the qur'an is the literal word of god and the culmination of god's revelation to mankind, revealed to the muhammad over a period of 23 years through the angel jibril (gabriel).
leoben next takes her to the moment of her mother's passing and allows starbuck another chance to be with her mother at her deathbed.	leoben next takes her to the moment of her mother's death and allows starbuck another chance to be with her mother at her deathbed.
after signing the two veterans, doug wilson traded underachieving winger ekman to pittsburgh and then traded their top offensive defenseman, tom preissing, to the ottawa senators for super-mean centerman mark bell of the chicago blackhawks in a 3-way trade involving martin havlat going to the blackhawks.	after signing the two veterans, doug wilson traded underachieving winger ekman to pittsburgh and then traded their top offensive defenseman, tom preissing, to the ottawa senators for centerman mark bell of the chicago blackhawks in a 3-way trade involving martin havlat going to the blackhawks.
htm the truth about the watchtower	the truth about the watchtower
the kargil district of this region is located in the north of jammu and kashmir, while the districts of skardu and ganche, whose main town is skardu, are located in the pakistan-administered gilgitbaltistan region.	the kargil district of this region is located in the north of jammu and kashmir, while the districts of skardu and ganche, whose main town is skardu, are located in the gilgitbaltistan region.
in 1997, he released his first documentary film, america destroyed by design.	in 1997, he released his first film, america destroyed by design.
the distinctive four-flippered design has caused considerable speculation about what kind of stroke plesiosaurs used.	the distinctive four-flippered body-shape has caused considerable speculation about what kind of stroke plesiosaurs used.
in a charming gesture of discretion still technically required, many coffee shops keep the cannabis menu below the counter, even when the cannabis itself is in more-or-less plain view.	in a gesture of discretion still technically required, many coffee shops keep the cannabis menu below the counter, even when the cannabis itself is in more-or-less plain view.
inkscape does not yet have as many features as the best commercial vector editors, but it is already suitable for a wide range of applications.	inkscape does not yet have as many features as the best commercial vector editors, but it is currently suitable for a wide range of applications.
max's beloved wife, lady mallowan, known to millions as dame agatha christie, died in 1976; the following year, mallowan married barbara hastings parker, an archaeologist, who had been his epigraphist at nimrud and secretary of the british school of archaeology in iraq.	max's first wife, lady mallowan, known to millions as dame agatha christie, died in 1976; the following year, mallowan married barbara hastings parker, an archaeologist, who had been his epigraphist at nimrud and secretary of the british school of archaeology in iraq.
it has consistently been in the architects journal aj 100 list of the top 100 uk practices, in 2012 winning the awards for practice of the year, and sustainable practice of the year, whilst also being highly commended in the categories for fastest growing practice and international practice of the year.	it has been in the architects journal aj 100 list of the top 100 uk practices, in 2012 winning the awards for practice of the year, and sustainable practice of the year, whilst also being highly commended in the categories for fastest growing practice and international practice of the year.
martin, who would later write the unrelated a song of ice and fire book series, was a writer and producer on the show.	martin, who would later write the a song of ice and fire book series, was a writer and producer on the show.
the canopy covering the ruins collapsed in an accident in september 2005, tragically killing one tourist and injuring seven more.	the canopy covering the ruins collapsed in an accident in september 2005, killing one tourist and injuring seven more.
"at least five denominations view ""homosexual behavior"" to be sinful and claim that it is contrary to scripture:"	"at least five denominations view ""homosexual behavior"" to be sinful and believe that it is contrary to scripture:"
sen macentee died in dublin on 10 january 1984, at the age of 94. he had married a fiercely nationalistic woman from tipperary, margaret browne (1893-1976), and one of their daughters is the irish poet mire mhac an tsaoi.	sen macentee died in dublin on 10 january 1984, at the age of 94. he had married a strongly nationalistic woman from tipperary, margaret browne (1893-1976), and one of their daughters is the irish poet mire mhac an tsaoi.
she is known for her insightful research into, and opposition to, the privatisation of the uk national health service (nhs).	she is known for her research into, and opposition to, the privatisation of the uk national health service (nhs).
the jagieo oak is the most famous of the biaowiea forest oaks.	the jagieo oak is the most noted of the biaowiea forest oaks.
it used to be known as cold fusion; however, this term is now avoided as it can create confusion with other reported forms of room-temperature fusion.	it used to be known as cold fusion; however, this term is now avoided as it can create confusion with other suggested forms of room-temperature fusion.
"homophobic lyrics are present in a number of shabba ranks songs, including ""no mama man"" and ""wicked inna bed""."	"anti-homosexuality lyrics are present in a number of shabba ranks songs, including ""no mama man"" and ""wicked inna bed""."
the brookings institution is one of the oldest and best known liberal think tanks in the united states.	the brookings institution is one of the oldest and best known think tanks in the united states.
scripture quotations are from the holy bible, english standard version, published by harpercollins publishers (c) 2001 by crossway bibles, a division of good news publishers.	bible quotations are from the holy bible, english standard version , published by harpercollins publishers (c) 2001 by crossway bibles, a division of good news publishers.
"muhammad iqbal (18771938), renowned poet and philosopher, said: ""i have carefully studied the decrees of imam ahmed raza and thereby formed this opinion; and his fatawa bear testimony to his acumen, intellectual caliber, the quality of his creative thinking, his excellent jurisdiction and his ocean-like islamic knowledge."	"muhammad iqbal (18771938), a poet and philosopher, said: ""i have carefully studied the decrees of imam ahmed raza and thereby formed this opinion; and his fatawa bear testimony to his acumen, intellectual caliber, the quality of his creative thinking, his excellent jurisdiction and his ocean-like islamic knowledge."
the sacred scriptures of most christian sects are the old testament, which is largely the same as the hebrew bible, and the new testament, which comprises four accounts of the life and teachings of jesus (the four gospels, traditionally attributed to his apostles matthew and john and to mark the evangelist and luke the evangelist) and several writings by the apostles and early fathers such as paul.	the sacred scriptures of most christian groups are the old testament, which is largely the same as the hebrew bible, and the new testament, which comprises four accounts of the life and teachings of jesus (the four gospels, traditionally attributed to his apostles matthew and john and to mark the evangelist and luke the evangelist) and several writings by the apostles and early fathers such as paul.
known for their great acappella sound, dazzling harmonies and smooth arrangements, the nylons immense appeal has taken them across north america, europe, australia, china, and japan.	known for their acappella sound, dazzling harmonies and smooth arrangements, the nylons immense appeal has taken them across north america, europe, australia, china, and japan.
creationism is the pseudoscientific belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity or deities (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam), whose existence is presupposed.	creationism is the belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity or deities (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam), whose existence is presupposed.
gaslamp's second game, clockwork empires was released on steam early access on august 15, 2014, and is currently in development for microsoft windows, mac os x, and gnu/ linux.	gaslamp's second game, clockwork empires was released on steam early access on august 15, 2014, and is currently in development for microsoft windows, mac os x, and linux.
thanks for your contribution to :, but we are trying to write an encyclopedia here, so please keep your edits factual and npov .	thanks for your contribution to :, but we are trying to write an encyclopedia here, so please keep your edits factual and neutral .
"right-wing movie critic michael medved attacked the scene of ariel urinating from a swing in ""the urge to offend"" chapter of his book hollywood vs. america."	"conservative movie critic michael medved attacked the scene of ariel urinating from a swing in ""the urge to offend"" chapter of his book hollywood vs. america."
chantelle's mother said she was to be represented by notorious publicist max clifford.	chantelle's mother said she was to be represented by controversial publicist max clifford.
she has the destinctive features of her father.	she is often said to have the destinctive features of her father.
in 2008 aldershot town were crowned the conference premier champions and were promoted into the football league, sadly they lost their football league status after the 2012/13 season which saw them finish bottom of the football league.	in 2008 aldershot town were crowned the conference premier champions and were promoted into the football league, however they lost their football league status after the 2012/13 season which saw them finish bottom of the football league.
a witness account by shri hans' personal driver confirmes that shri hans publicly requested that prem would continue his work and that some disregarded this request and discussions were held during the customary 12 days of mourning about the succession.	a witness account by shri hans' personal driver claims that shri hans publicly requested that prem would continue his work and that some disregarded this request and discussions were held during the customary 12 days of mourning about the succession.
organizations working on the issue	organizations working on the complication
the college is at the center of a sophisticated cultural community, with a stunning backdrop of cayuga lake, cornell university, and hundreds of waterfalls and gorges.	the college is at the center of a sophisticated cultural community, with a backdrop of cayuga lake, cornell university, and hundreds of waterfalls and gorges.
vigo is the second most important city in galicia, spain and is located in the province of pontevedra.	vigo is the most important city in galicia, spain and is located in the province of pontevedra.
she attended the lite saint nicholas girls and dunman high schools and victoria junior college before she arrived in the u.s. to obtain an undergraduate education at bates college in maine.	she attended the saint nicholas girls and dunman high schools and victoria junior college before she arrived in the u.s. to obtain an undergraduate education at bates college in maine.
he occasionally sends letters to the melilla hoy newspaper criticising modern politics.	he occasionally sends letters to the melilla hoy newspaper criticising current politics.
the song received some exposure in the us; wfnx in boston debuted the song by playing it twice back-to-back even before its official radio airplay release.	the song received some exposure in the us; wfnx in boston debuted the song by playing it twice back-to-back before its official radio airplay release.
the organization produces materials, assists in organizing public forums, and provides speakers and written materials to hundreds of anti-israeli events across the united states, including harvard law school, stanford university, columbia university, the fletcher school of law and diplomacy, the university of california, berkeley, washington state university, northwestern university, the center for policy analysis on palestine, the national press club, the naval postgraduate school, and other university campuses, churches, libraries, and civic organizations.	the organization produces materials, assists in organizing public forums, and provides speakers and written materials to hundreds of events across the united states, including harvard law school, stanford university, columbia university, the fletcher school of law and diplomacy, the university of california, berkeley, washington state university, northwestern university, the center for policy analysis on palestine, the national press club, the naval postgraduate school, and other university campuses, churches, libraries, and civic organizations.
and uses gender neutral pronouns.	and supports gender neutral pronouns.
if an organism, especially something small like a microbe, is too close to the surface the uv can actually damage them.	if an organism, especially something small like a microbe, is too close to the surface the uv can damage them.
songs are well choreographed by award winning choreographer phulwa khamkar	songs are choreographed by award winning choreographer phulwa khamkar
"in 2004, prather claimed that 80% of authors who submitted manuscripts to the house were rejected, and that the house had ""30 full-time editors"" with plans to expand."	"in 2004, prather stated that 80% of authors who submitted manuscripts to the house were rejected, and that the house had ""30 full-time editors"" with plans to expand."
the game, although an american attempt at the final fantasy series, gained quite positive reviews.	the game, an american attempt at the final fantasy series, gained quite positive reviews.
her performance on little miss sunshine garnered her a prestigious screen actors guild award nomination in 2006, as well as a nomination for an academy award for best supporting actress in a motion picture on january 23, 2007.	her performance on little miss sunshine garnered her a screen actors guild award nomination in 2006, as well as a nomination for an academy award for best supporting actress in a motion picture on january 23, 2007.
while most of the parties are either house or drum'n'bass, occasionally there are good trance and hardhouse parties.	while most of the parties are either house or drum'n'bass, occasionally there are trance and hardhouse parties.
a draft was released on july 11, 1913 by the republic of china national ministry of education, but it was not officially proclaimed until november 23, 1918. zhuyin zimu was renamed to zhuyin fuhao in april 1930. the use of zhuyin fuhao has continued after 1949 on taiwan and its outlying islands under roc sovereignty .	a draft was released on july 11, 1913 by the republic of china national ministry of education, but it was not officially proclaimed until november 23, 1918. zhuyin zimu was renamed to zhuyin fuhao in april 1930. the use of zhuyin fuhao has continued after 1949 on taiwan and its outlying islands under roc administration .
as business began booming for a-star, davey allison was tragically killed in a helicopter accident at talladega superspeedway.	as business began booming for a-star, davey allison was killed in a helicopter accident at talladega superspeedway.
"the apprentice is a british reality television series in which a group of aspiring young businessmen and women compete for the chance to work with the british business magnate lord sugar (previously known as ""sir alan sugar"")."	"the apprentice is a british reality television series in which a group of aspiring businessmen and women compete for the chance to work with the british business magnate lord sugar (previously known as ""sir alan sugar"")."
in the early 1950s, having successfully laid the foundations of baps, he appointed pramukh swami maharaj as its administrative head to serve under yogiji maharaj, whom he revealed as the 4th spiritual successor to bhagwan swaminarayan .	in the early 1950s, having successfully laid the foundations of baps, he appointed pramukh swami maharaj as its administrative head to serve under yogiji maharaj, whom he revealed as the 4th spiritual successor to swaminarayan.
abbotts goal for these visits was to familiarise himself with indigenous issues.	abbott's stated goal for these visits was to familiarise himself with indigenous issues.
he is also known for making catholic christianity the official state religion of the roman empire .	he is also known for making nicaean christianity the official state religion of the roman empire .
unexploed shells containing mustard gas and other chemical agents are still present in several test ranges in proximity to edgewood area schools, but the smaller amounts (4–14 pounds; 2–6 kg) present considerably less risk.	unexploded shells containing mustard gas and other chemical agents are still present in several test ranges in proximity to edgewood area schools, but the smaller amounts (4–14 pounds; 2–6 kg) present considerably less risk.
in 1950 brecht removed lindbergh's name for a production by the sdwestrundfunk, adding a preface denouncing lindbergh's contributions to the technology of terror bombing as well as his wartime anti-interventionism and apparent nazi sympathies.	in 1950 brecht removed lindbergh's name for a production by the sdwestrundfunk, adding a preface denouncing lindbergh's contributions to the technology of terror bombing as well as his wartime anti-interventionism and alleged nazi sympathies.
many times in the past millenia many foreign groups have, in turn, shaped han language and culture, for example the queue is a pig tail hairstyle brutally enforced by the manchurians on the han populace.	many times in the past millenia many foreign groups have, in turn, shaped han language and culture, for example the queue is a pig tail hairstyle strictly enforced by the manchurians on the han populace.
wholly or partially, mexico is often included in central america.	wholly or partially, mexico is sometimes included in central america.
in 2005 and 2006, hansen claimed in interviews with abc news the washington post and the new york times that nasa administrators have tried to influence his public statements about the causes of climate change.	in 2005 and 2006, hansen stated in interviews with abc news the washington post and the new york times that nasa administrators have tried to influence his public statements about the causes of climate change.
belief in shetani is a modern continuation of pre-islamic belief.	belief in shetani is a contemporary continuation of pre-islamic belief.
space opera plays a minor part in the belief system of scientology, whose founder l. ron hubbard was originally a pulp science fiction writer.	space opera plays a part in the belief system of scientology, whose founder l. ron hubbard was originally a pulp science fiction writer.
the headquarters of the dunfermline area is on 2 holyrood place, close to the city centre.	the headquarters of the dunfermline area is on 2 holyrood place, close to the town centre.
notable musicians, actors and entertainers who were born or live(d) in lytham st annes include entertainer george formby, comedians les dawson and roy walker, comedienne and broadcaster jenny eclair, actors stephen tompkinson, jonas armstrong, dean lennox kelly and craig kelly, composer peter dickinson, guitarist mario parga, drummer with alien sex fiend and ufx/uncle fester ratfink (andrew wilson), variety hall entertainer betty jumel, singer-songwriter marli harwood and gigwise.com founder andy day.	notable musicians, actors and entertainers who were born or live(d) in lytham st annes include entertainer george formby, comedians les dawson and roy walker, comedian and broadcaster jenny eclair, actors stephen tompkinson, jonas armstrong, dean lennox kelly and craig kelly, composer peter dickinson, guitarist mario parga, drummer with alien sex fiend and ufx/uncle fester ratfink (andrew wilson), variety hall entertainer betty jumel, singer-songwriter marli harwood and gigwise.com founder andy day.
tara strong, actress, voice-over actress, singer, comedienne	tara strong, actress, voice-over actress, singer, comedian
unlike the british system, the chancellor does not have to resign in response to the failure of a vote of confidence, provided it has been initiated by herself/himself and not by the parliamentary opposition, but rather may ask the president to call general elections - a request the president may or may not fulfill.	unlike the british system, the chancellor does not have to resign in response to the failure of a vote of confidence, provided it has been initiated by them and not by the parliamentary opposition, but rather may ask the president to call general elections - a request the president may or may not fulfill.
messianic judaism is a religious movement or sect whose congregants comprise both apostate jews and gentiles who believe that jesus of nazareth, whom they call yeshua, is both their savior and the resurrected jewish messiah.	messianic judaism is a religious movement or sect whose congregants comprise both ethnic jews and gentiles who believe that jesus of nazareth, whom they call yeshua, is both their savior and the resurrected jewish messiah.
"he has confessed , ""i never produced another novel after photographing fairies."	"he has further stated , ""i never produced another novel after photographing fairies."
the hospital complex was designed by noted architect john mcarthur, jr., who also designed the philadelphia city hall.	the hospital complex was designed by architect john mcarthur, jr., who also designed the philadelphia city hall.
it also offers the unusual feature of allowing users to assign voices to their characters, who then read the script aloud.	it also offers the feature of allowing users to assign voices to their characters, who then read the script aloud.
about one hundred creole languages have arisen since 1500. these are predominantly based on european languages such as english and french due to the so-called european age of discovery and the atlantic slave trade that arose at that time.	about one hundred creole languages have arisen since 1500. these are predominantly based on european languages such as english and french due to the european age of discovery and the atlantic slave trade that arose at that time.
redemption; arabic: baqaa ) is a neighborhood in the center of jerusalem, israel populated mainly by haredi jews.	redemption; arabic: baqaa ) is a neighborhood in the center of jerusalem, populated mainly by haredi jews.
in the article, shapiro castigated the obama administration for ignoring his questions about hagel's foreign associations and called for full disclosure of hagel's foreign ties.	in the article, shapiro criticized the obama administration for ignoring his questions about hagel's foreign associations and called for full disclosure of hagel's foreign ties.
born in kuokkala, near vyborg, the son of a dental technician, a secularized russian jew, he first came to the notice of the chess world at the age of 14, when he defeated the world champion, jos ral capablanca, in a simultaneous exhibition.	born in kuokkala, near vyborg, the son of a dental technician, a russian jew, he first came to the notice of the chess world at the age of 14, when he defeated the world champion, jos ral capablanca, in a simultaneous exhibition.
it has also been imagined that king nebuchadnezzar of babylon suffered from some form of porphyria (cf.	it has also been speculated that king nebuchadnezzar of babylon suffered from some form of porphyria (cf.
due to his stellar theater work, burton is also a member of the american theatre hall of fame.	due to his theater work, burton is also a member of the american theatre hall of fame.
other countries, namely brazil and some muslim countries amongst others, welcomed the result.	other countries, namely brazil and some asian countries amongst others, welcomed the result.
"iman mohamed abdulmajid (born july 25, 1955 ), professionally known as iman (which means ""faith"" in arabic), is a somali-american supermodel , actress and entrepreneur."	"iman mohamed abdulmajid (born july 25, 1955 ), professionally known as iman (which means ""faith"" in arabic), is a somali-american fashion model , actress and entrepreneur."
initially inspired by hard rock and other popular styles of music, she experienced a musical epiphany during her studies, from 1976 to 1979, at the world-famous berklee college of music in boston, massachusetts.	initially inspired by hard rock and other popular styles of music, she experienced a musical epiphany during her studies, from 1976 to 1979, at the berklee college of music in boston, massachusetts.
sadly it is now extinct.	it is now extinct .
in 2004 tom jelnek, the director of the community council, incompetently fired sidon as rabbi of prague giving the post to young chabad rabbi manis barash.	in 2004 tom jelnek, the director of the community council, fired sidon as rabbi of prague giving the post to young chabad rabbi manis barash.
some closely resemble the order of events purported by young earth creationism.	some closely resemble the order of events as held by young earth creationism.
a fascinating look at delinquent youth in jamaica is presented in the 1970s cops-and-robbers musical film the harder they come, starring jimmy cliff as a frustrated (and psychopathic) reggae-musician who descends into a murderous crime spree.	a look at delinquent youth in jamaica is presented in the 1970s cops-and-robbers musical film the harder they come, starring jimmy cliff as a frustrated (and psychopathic) reggae-musician who descends into a murderous crime spree.
1. by train : 19707 : aravali express train which arrives here from mumbai, maharastra by 9.00 am in the morning and the other list of trains are below:	1. by train : 19707 : aravali express train which arrives from mumbai, maharastra by 9.00 am in the morning and the other list of trains are below:
in 1976, libyan dictator muammar gaddafi brokered a negotiation between the philippine government and mnlf leader nur misuari which led to the signing of the mnlf-grph tripoli agreement of 1976 wherein the mnlf accepted the philippine government's offer of semi-autonomy of the regions in dispute.	in 1976, libyan leader muammar gaddafi brokered a negotiation between the philippine government and mnlf leader nur misuari which led to the signing of the mnlf-grph tripoli agreement of 1976 wherein the mnlf accepted the philippine government's offer of semi-autonomy of the regions in dispute.
tsunami, a song by the god-like manic street preachers	tsunami, a song by the manic street preachers
fortunately , the rain damaged the fuses, and the damage was less severe than intended.	however , the rain damaged the fuses, and the damage was less severe than intended.
"it has been stated that the grounding has nothing to do with sudan airways' appalling safety record or the sudan airways flight 109 crash on 10 june 2008. on tuesday march 30 2010, the european union completely banned all sudan based airlines from flying into the member states citing "" on the basis of safety assessments by the international civil aviation organization (icao)""."	"it has been stated that the grounding has nothing to do with sudan airways' safety record or the sudan airways flight 109 crash on 10 june 2008. on tuesday march 30 2010, the european union completely banned all sudan based airlines from flying into the member states citing "" on the basis of safety assessments by the international civil aviation organization (icao)""."
unfortunately this is due to the decimation or assimilation of tribal populations well before the us government began acknowledging the sovereignty of native tribes.	this is due to the decimation or assimilation of tribal populations well before the us government began acknowledging the sovereignty of native tribes.
until 1963 the province was named autonomous province of vojvodina (autonomna pokrajina vojvodina, ), and enjoyed a lower level of autonomy.	until 1963 the province was named autonomous province of vojvodina (autonomna pokrajina vojvodina, ), and had a lower level of autonomy.
andrew brons, bnp mep, former national front leader, ba politics, 1970	andrew brons, mep, former national front leader, ba politics, 1970
beckwith often speaks on the legal permissibility of teaching intelligent design in public school science clases, arguing that it is legally permissible, dismissing the ruling in kitzmiller v. dover area school district that intelligent design is essentially religious in nature, a form of creationism, and thus its teaching as science in public schools violates the establishment clause of the first amendment to the united states constitution.	beckwith often speaks on the legal permissibility of teaching intelligent design in public school science clases, arguing that it is legally permissible, arguing against the ruling in kitzmiller v. dover area school district that intelligent design is essentially religious in nature, a form of creationism, and thus its teaching as science in public schools violates the establishment clause of the first amendment to the united states constitution.
he signed on as a client of creative artists agency and made a deal to direct, if lucy fell, for $3.5 million at columbia tristar, for which he was taken to task for casting the supermodel elle macpherson as his love interest.	he signed on as a client of creative artists agency and made a deal to direct, if lucy fell, for $3.5 million at columbia tristar, for which he was taken to task for casting the model elle macpherson as his love interest.
"at the time the baptists supported his effors to disestablish the hated state church; thus d. james kennedy, a prominent evangelical theologian, says that jefferson was ""a true friend of the christian faith."""	"at the time the baptists supported his effors to disestablish the state church; thus d. james kennedy, a prominent evangelical theologian, says that jefferson was ""a true friend of the christian faith."""
the first area in eu to eliminate famine was the netherlands, which saw its last peacetime famines in the early 17th century.	the first area in europe to eliminate famine was the netherlands, which saw its last peacetime famines in the early 17th century.
salazar 's had some sympathies with the nazi regime in germany but he viewed nazi germany as a bastion against the spread of communism rather than an allied nation.	salazar had some sympathies with the nazi regime in germany but he viewed nazi germany as a bastion against the spread of communism rather than an allied nation.
the battle experience gained in the great uprising was to become very useful in the palestine war 1947-1949.	the battle experience gained in the great uprising was to become very useful in the 1948 arab-israeli war 1947-1949.
this is the name of the magical reverse pass which gregor gave to gavin hastings for scotland to register a dramatic and famous last-minute 2321 victory against france in paris in 1995.	this is the name of the reverse pass which gregor gave to gavin hastings for scotland to register a dramatic and famous last-minute 2321 victory against france in paris in 1995.
"at her houston audition, one of her best jokes was: ""i've decided when i die, i want to be cremated and have my ashes sprinkled over the krispy kreme."	"at her houston audition, one of her jokes was: ""i've decided when i die, i want to be cremated and have my ashes sprinkled over the krispy kreme."
february 5 - loyalist gunmen kill five catholics in an attack on a bookmaker's shop in belfast.	february 5 - unionist gunmen kill five catholics in an attack on a bookmaker's shop in belfast.
"bottesford is in the ""rutland and melton"" constituency which is a solid conservative party seat."	"bottesford is in the ""rutland and melton"" constituency which is a conservative party seat."
senior forecaster gordon jackson said it was definitely the most severe cyclone to affect the northern territory - worse than cyclone tracy which devastated the city of darwin in 1974. weather bureau spokesman mike bergin said monica could be the most severe tropical cyclone ever seen anywhere along the australian coastline.	senior forecaster gordon jackson said it was definitely the most severe cyclone to affect the northern territory - worse than cyclone tracy which decimated the city of darwin in 1974. weather bureau spokesman mike bergin said monica could be the most severe tropical cyclone ever seen anywhere along the australian coastline.
it wasn't until after the exile that the quranic revelations began to adopt a more defensive perspective.	it wasn't until after the exile that the quranic revelations began to adopt a more violent perspective.
on her passing in 1955, alice joyce was interred next to her mother, vallie,in the san fernando mission cemetery in mission hills, los angeles, california.	on her death in 1955, alice joyce was interred next to her mother, vallie,in the san fernando mission cemetery in mission hills, los angeles, california.
"he is a well-known political figurehead, who is very famous for ""practicing politics with a scalpel"" as a consequence of being a really successful surgeon as well as a brilliant orator."	"he is a well-known political figurehead, who is famous for ""practicing politics with a scalpel"" as a consequence of being a really successful surgeon as well as a brilliant orator."
prior to the sba appointment, carranza served as vice president of air operations for united parcel service (ups) the worlds largest package delivery company at its facility in louisville, ky., where she oversaw the cutting-edge automated package processing operation.	prior to the sba appointment, carranza served as vice president of air operations for united parcel service (ups) the worlds largest package delivery company at its facility in louisville, ky., where she oversaw the automated package processing operation.
is a private university in ska, saitama, japan, which is a fairly liberal, ideally mixed (co-educational) institution noted for its language education programmes and international exchanges.	is a private university in ska, saitama, japan, which is a fairly liberal, mixed (co-educational) institution noted for its language education programmes and international exchanges.
"salter shrilly reacted to the piece by writing a critical account of new school graduates' behavior, specifically rohe, whom he called an ""idiot."""	"salter reacted to the piece by writing a critical account of new school graduates' behavior, specifically rohe, whom he called an ""idiot."""
he is a vocal critic of the bush administration's actions on climate change.	he is a vocal critic of the bush administration's stance on climate change.
also during 2017, the iconic british heavy metal band judas priest entrusted him with the creation of the cover artwork of their new album firepower, released on march 9th of 2018.	also during 2017, the british heavy metal band judas priest entrusted him with the creation of the cover artwork of their new album firepower, released on march 9th of 2018.
the serbian campaign in bosnia in early 1992 was a case in point .	the campaign in bosnia in early 1992 was a case in point.
"degeneres responded dismissively : ""really, he called me that?"	"degeneres responded: ""really, he called me that?"
however, after president grant failed to back him up against party politicians, who thrived on the corrupt patronage system then rampant in the interior department, cox resigned.	however, after president grant failed to back him up against party politicians, who thrived on the patronage system then rampant in the interior department, cox resigned.
the codex is fascinating in that, while it ostensibly contains vowels, it was clearly copied by someone who did not understand them.	the codex is notable in that, while it ostensibly contains vowels, it was clearly copied by someone who did not understand them.
with a peak elevation of , k2 is part of the karakoram segment of the himalayan range, and is located on the border between pakistan s northern areas, and the taxkorgan tajik autonomous county of xinjiang, china.	with a peak elevation of , k2 is part of the karakoram segment of the himalayan range, and is located on the border between pakistan administered northern areas, and the taxkorgan tajik autonomous county of xinjiang, china.
the principles form the basis of the national anthem of taiwan .	the principles form the basis of the national anthem of the republic of china .
the jesus myth hypothesis, also referred to as the jesus myth theory, the jesus myth refers to the discredited proposition that the narrative of jesus in the gospels mythologically parallels the mystery religions of the roman empire such as mithraism and the myths of rebirth deities, indicating that the figure of jesus is an ahistorical construct of various forms of ancient mythology, and that there was no historical jesus.	the jesus myth hypothesis, also referred to as the jesus myth theory, the jesus myth refers to the proposition that the narrative of jesus in the gospels mythologically parallels the mystery religions of the roman empire such as mithraism and the myths of rebirth deities, indicating that the figure of jesus is an ahistorical construct of various forms of ancient mythology, and that there was no historical jesus.
spe runs on gnu/ linux, mac os x and microsoft windows and has syntax highlighting, auto completion, auto indentation, call tips, multiple tabs, syntax checking and an integrated gui designer (wxglade) and debugger (winpdb).	spe runs on linux, mac os x and microsoft windows and has syntax highlighting, auto completion, auto indentation, call tips, multiple tabs, syntax checking and an integrated gui designer (wxglade) and debugger (winpdb).
recent reviews by damico et al.	see also the reviews by damico et al.
enveloped by thickly wooded cedar/deodar forests, patnitop offers beautiful picnic spots, peaceful walks and breathtaking views of the mountainscape of the chenab basin.	enveloped by thickly wooded cedar/deodar forests, patnitop offers beautiful picnic spots, peaceful walks and views of the mountainscape of the chenab basin.
it has a popular pub and a parish church, built of heavitree stone.	it has a pub and a parish church, built of heavitree stone.
laetitia marie laure casta (born may 11, 1978 in pont-audemer, normandy) is a french supermodel and actress.	laetitia marie laure casta (born may 11, 1978 in pont-audemer, normandy) is a french model and actress.
turkish revolutionaries were patriots of the turkish national movement who rebelled against the partitioning of the ottoman empire by the allies in the aftermath of the armistice of mudros which ended the ottoman empire's participation in world war i; and against the treaty of svres in 1920, which was signed by the ottoman government and partitioned anatolia.	turkish revolutionaries were members of the turkish national movement who rebelled against the partitioning of the ottoman empire by the allies in the aftermath of the armistice of mudros which ended the ottoman empire's participation in world war i; and against the treaty of svres in 1920, which was signed by the ottoman government and partitioned anatolia.
this path has led her to write two other ground-breaking books (coauthored with ian marshall) sq - spiritual intelligence, the ultimate intelligence, and spiritual capital: wealth we can live by which constitute work on spiritual intelligence and spiritual capital.	this path has led her to write two other books (coauthored with ian marshall) sq - spiritual intelligence, the ultimate intelligence, and spiritual capital: wealth we can live by which constitute work on spiritual intelligence and spiritual capital.
the conflict killed over 1,400 people, most of whom were lebanese civilians , severely damaged lebanese infrastructure, displaced nearly 975,000 lebanese and 300,000 israelis	the conflict killed over 1,400 people, most of whom were lebanese, severely damaged lebanese infrastructure, displaced nearly 975,000 lebanese and 300,000 israelis
colonic cleansing treatments are marketed to persons who believe they suffer from the condition, which is claimed to be caused by poor diet and environmental toxins.	colonic cleansing treatments are marketed to persons who believe they suffer from the condition, which is said to be caused by poor diet and environmental toxins.
simplification of carbon neutral standards and deffinitions	simplification of carbon neutral standards and definitions
after serving his constituents admirably for the past 12 years, assemblyman stephens has risen to the leadership of the republican caucus.	after serving his constituents for the past 12 years, assemblyman stephens has risen to the leadership of the republican caucus.
fortunately in december 1990, peter collins and peter wright headed a consortium which bought the team.	in december 1990, peter collins and peter wright headed a consortium which bought the team.
she trained at the prestigious bristol old vic theatre school.	she trained at the bristol old vic theatre school.
serratiopeptidase formulations are available over-the-counter as a homeopathic remedy in the united states and most other countries.	serratiopeptidase formulations are available over-the-counter as a homeopathic preparation in the united states and most other countries.
he is more recently notorious for his crankish view of the eventual dominance of artificial intelligence over human intelligence, which has sparked debate and criticism, particularly among the more media-friendly members of the ai research community.	he is more recently notorious for his view of the eventual dominance of artificial intelligence over human intelligence, which has sparked debate and criticism, particularly among the more media-friendly members of the ai research community.
"in his first bond novel, fleming is said to have based the ""vesper lynd"" character on the beautiful soe agent, christine granville."	"in his first bond novel, fleming is said to have based the ""vesper lynd"" character on the soe agent, christine granville."
the film garnered notoriety before its release for the tragic stunt helicopter crash which took the lives of vic morrow and two child actors, myca dinh le and renee shin-yi chen, during the filming of the segment directed by landis.	the film garnered notoriety before its release for the stunt helicopter crash which took the lives of vic morrow and two child actors, myca dinh le and renee shin-yi chen, during the filming of the segment directed by landis.
entenmann's is a company that manufactures and delivers sweet baked goods.	entenmann's is a company that manufactures and delivers baked goods.
deepika padukone (kannada: ; born january 5, 1986) is an indian supermodel turned actress who appears in bollywood movies.	deepika padukone (kannada: ; born january 5, 1986) is an indian model turned actress who appears in bollywood movies.
it was shortly after the great disappointment of 1844 that ellen received her first vision.	it was shortly after the great disappointment of 1844 that ellen claimed to receive her first vision.
schedule iii drugs are classified by the u.s. government as potentially causing moderate or low physical dependence or a high psychological dependence if abused .	schedule iii drugs are classified by the u.s. government as potentially causing moderate or low physical dependence or a high psychological dependence if misused .
due to wild health claims (not having gone through the fda's drug trial and testing regimen) and the poor quality of samples gathered in health food stores, in 1999 the us fda banned over-the-counter sales of such products, or their advertisement as providing health benefits.	due to exaggerated health claims (not having gone through the fda's drug trial and testing regimen) and the poor quality of samples gathered in health food stores, in 1999 the us fda banned over-the-counter sales of such products, or their advertisement as providing health benefits.
martin, who was unarmed, had been walking to his father's girlfriend's house when zimmerman, acting as an self-styled neighborhood watch member, followed him based on alleged suspicious activity, then fatally shot him during an altercation between the two.	martin, who was unarmed, had been walking to his father's girlfriend's house when zimmerman, acting as an unaffiliated neighborhood watch member, followed him based on alleged suspicious activity, then fatally shot him during an altercation between the two.
government operation in afghanistan historically has consisted of power struggles, bloody coups and unstable transfers of power.	government operation in afghanistan historically has consisted of power struggles, coups and unstable transfers of power.
the song has been released to strongly positive reception, getting 4 stars, or the equivalent, in most review publications, who all regard the songs brilliant lyrics and p!nk's vulnerable vocals as the song strongest points.	the song has been released to positive reception, getting 4 stars, or the equivalent, in most review publications, who all regard the songs brilliant lyrics and p!nk's vulnerable vocals as the song strongest points.
on 26 november 2005 he was conferred with the prestigious chieftaincy title of akinlatun of egbaland by the alake (king) of the egba people of yorubaland where he hails from.	on 26 november 2005 he was conferred with the chieftaincy title of akinlatun of egbaland by the alake (king) of the egba people of yorubaland where he hails from.
"when the destruction of the expositor was reported to smith's journalistic enemy thomas c. sharp, his warsaw signal published a hysterical call to action: ""citizens arise, one and all!!!"	"when the destruction of the expositor was reported to smith's journalistic enemy thomas c. sharp, his warsaw signal published a call to action: ""citizens arise, one and all!!!"
evolution/design, a texas firm, plagerized the fish in 1990 and made a multi-million dollar business empire selling them as plastic bumper stickers, and a lawsuit between seckel, edwards, and the evolution/design started.	evolution/design, a texas firm, appropriated the fish in 1990 and made a multi-million dollar business empire selling them as plastic bumper stickers, and a lawsuit between seckel, edwards, and the evolution/design started.
however, in germany itself, where since the end of world war ii there has been a strong aversion to honouring the nation's militaristic past, widespread celebration of the battle's 2,000th anniversary was avoided.	however, in germany itself, where since the end of world war ii there has been a strong aversion to celebrating the nation's militaristic past, widespread celebration of the battle's 2,000th anniversary was avoided.
warren has worked to shift the evangelical movement away from an exclusive focus on traditional approaches to social issues such as abortion and gay marriage, to broader social action instead.	warren has worked to shift the evangelical movement away from an exclusive focus on traditional approaches to social issues such as abortion and same-sex marriage, to broader social action instead.
wine writer malcolm gluck infamously disputed the need to pair beer with food, while beer writers roger protz and melissa cole contested that claim.	wine writer malcolm gluck disputed the need to pair beer with food, while beer writers roger protz and melissa cole contested that claim.
"while gusto is locked up, albert steals his criminal background and identity to become ""mc gusto"", rechristening euripides and otis as ""dead mike"" and ""stab master arson"" respectively."	"while gusto is locked up, albert steals his criminal background and identity to become ""mc gusto"", renaming euripides and otis as ""dead mike"" and ""stab master arson"" respectively."
there are several luxury mid-rise and high rise condos with breathtaking views overlooking the pacific ocean, santa monica beach, malibu and the santa monica mountains.	there are several luxury mid-rise and high rise condos with views overlooking the pacific ocean, santa monica beach, malibu and the santa monica mountains.
the framers of the resolution 242 recognized that some slight territorial adjustments were likely and deliberately did not include words all or the in the english language version of the text when referred to territories captured during the war, although it is present in other, notably french, spanish and russian versions.	the framers of the resolution 242 recognized that some territorial adjustments were likely and deliberately did not include words all or the in the english language version of the text when referred to territories captured during the war, although it is present in other, notably french, spanish and russian versions.
the company pioneered the development of headphones that use active noise cancellation technology.	the company was a pioneer in the development of headphones that use active noise cancellation technology.
minority ethnic groups are also being overlooked for jobs and are being paid lower wages, despite improvements in education and qualifications.	minority ethnic groups are also being for jobs and are being paid lower wages, despite improvements in education and qualifications.
the best-known english translation was made by famous canadian scholar watson kirkconnell in 1933.	the best-known english translation was made by canadian scholar watson kirkconnell in 1933.
their fourth son, dorje palzang, went to school in beijing in the late fifties but was unfortunately killed during the cultural revolution.	their fourth son, dorje palzang, went to school in beijing in the late fifties but was killed during the cultural revolution.
"he was appointed chief of staff (hebrew: "") on july 9, 2002, and served in that position until june 1, 2005, during which time he led the armys successful effort to quell the second intifada launched in september 2000. he is currently a distinguished fellow at the shalem center institute for international and middle east studies"	"he was appointed chief of staff (hebrew: "") on july 9, 2002, and served in that position until june 1, 2005, during which time he led the armys effort to quell the second intifada launched in september 2000. he is currently a distinguished fellow at the shalem center institute for international and middle east studies"
in a scene of hong kong film rob-b-hood, starring jackie chan and louis khoo, there is a scene where a truck driver admits to the man sitting next to him that he is gay by saying he comes from brokeback mountain.	in a scene of hong kong film rob-b-hood, starring jackie chan and louis khoo, there is a scene where a truck driver reveals to the man sitting next to him that he is gay by saying he comes from brokeback mountain.
"a term coined by richard moll in his 1985 classic book entitled, 'the public ivies: america's flagship undergraduate colleges""."	"a term coined by richard moll in his 1985 book entitled, 'the public ivies: america's flagship undergraduate colleges""."
"{ lat = ""34.079"", long = ""38.432"", mark = ""location dot black .svg"", marksize = ""6"", label = ""al halbah"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""top"" },"	"{ lat = ""34.079"", long = ""38.432"", mark = ""location dot lime .svg"", marksize = ""6"", label = ""al halbah"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""top"" },"
"in conifer and evergreen, colorado face day a new fall celebration starting in 2005, honoring the wonderous word ""face""."	"in conifer and evergreen, colorado face day a new fall celebration starting in 2005, honoring the word ""face""."
ever since darwin showed that all organisms share common ancestry, taxonomy has consistently attempted to represent and reflect the evolutionary history of organisms.	ever since darwin argued that all organisms share common ancestry, taxonomy has consistently attempted to represent and reflect the evolutionary history of organisms.
he was democratically elected four times to the national assembly of pakistan from the group's stronghold in jhang sadr, even while he was jailed by pakistani authorities.	he was elected four times to the national assembly of pakistan from the group's stronghold in jhang sadr, even while he was jailed by pakistani authorities.
without okh's notice or approval, he constructed a series of interim defensive lines to cover its retreat, slowing down and inflicting heavy losses on the pursuing russians in the process.	without okh's notice or approval, he constructed a series of interim defensive lines to cover its retreat, slowing down and inflicting heavy losses on the pursuing soviet forces in the process.
there are three national judicial systems in the united kingdom: that of england and wales, that of scotland, and that of northern ireland.	there are three judicial systems in the united kingdom: that of england and wales, that of scotland, and that of northern ireland.
leed certified buildings are supposed to use resources more efficiently when compared to conventional buildings simply built to code.	leed certified buildings are intended to use resources more efficiently when compared to conventional buildings simply built to code.
the infamous spaghetti junction motorway junction is within this constituency.	the spaghetti junction motorway junction is within this constituency.
fox and it supporters, however, contend that what left-leaning observers like fair perceive as a conservative bias is, in fact, lack of a liberal bias.	fox and their supporters, however, contend that what left-leaning observers like fair perceive as a conservative bias is, in fact, lack of a liberal bias.
10 december: catholic fundamentalists disrupt a press conference by rebecca gomperts, president of pro- abortion ngo women on waves.	10 december: catholic fundamentalists disrupt a press conference by rebecca gomperts, president of pro- choice ngo women on waves.
howes came to national attention as union spokesman for the miners during the beaconsfield mine disaster.	howes came to national attention as union spokesperson for the miners during the beaconsfield mine disaster.
karle warren (born february 8, 1992 in salinas, california) is an american actress, well known for her portrayal as lauren cassidy, the daughter of judge amy gray, on the cbs hit drama, judging amy.	karle warren (born february 8, 1992 in salinas, california) is an american actress, known for her portrayal as lauren cassidy, the daughter of judge amy gray, on the cbs hit drama, judging amy.
a bcso deputy hiding outside during the shooting	a bcso deputy outside during the shooting
despite mixed reviews from critics and fans of the comic book series, the film did extremely well at the box office.	despite mixed reviews from critics and fans of the comic book series , the film did well at the box office.
for responsiveness and improved page loading times, a jms based event model, cluster configuration, i18n compliance, saas options, and web services for product integration.	for responsiveness and shorter page loading times, a jms based event model, cluster configuration, i18n compliance, saas options, and web services for product integration.
the courtyard is a fascinating place to sit and absorb the atmosphere.	the courtyard is a place to sit and absorb the atmosphere.
previously treated as divine portents, angels, and other religious omens, some enthusiasts believe these reports to have non-supernatural explanations as the ancient equivalent of modern ufos.	previously treated as divine portents, angels, and other religious omens, some researchers believe these reports to have non-supernatural explanations as the ancient equivalent of modern ufos.
he was second son of john hunyadi, a successful hungarian general who had risen through the ranks of the nobility to become regent of hungary.	he was second son of john hunyadi, a successful general who had risen through the ranks of the nobility to become regent of hungary.
one of the major issues in the film is the question of the validity of the world around us, i.e., what is reality, or whether what is happening is merely sensory information fed to us, is also raised in other science fiction films including existenz,the thirteenth floor, ( unfortunately these two films were released the same year as the matrix which got relativlely less attention in box office sales and ratings)total recall, and peripherally in the film abre los ojos (remade as vanilla sky).	one of the major issues in the film is the question of the validity of the world around us, i.e., what is reality, or whether what is happening is merely sensory information fed to us, is also raised in other science fiction films including existenz,the thirteenth floor, (these two films were released the same year as the matrix which got relativlely less attention in box office sales and ratings) total recall, and peripherally in the film abre los ojos (remade as vanilla sky).
gemma louise ward (born november 3, 1987) is an australian supermodel and actress.	gemma louise ward (born november 3, 1987) is an australian model and actress.
ananda ranga pillai was born in madras in a well-to-do yadava family.	ananda ranga pillai was born in madras in a well-to-do family.
the pc version of dead space uses the infamous securom copy protection scheme as seen in the other ea pc titles spore and mass effect, which requires online authentication and limits the number of times a user can install the game to five.	the pc version of dead space uses the infamous securom copy protection as seen in the other ea pc titles spore and mass effect, which requires online authentication and limits the number of times a user can install the game to five.
"an obnoxiously outspoken democratic party supporter, macfarlane often uses his show, ""family guy"" as a platform to voice his political views."	"an outspoken democratic party supporter, macfarlane often uses his show, ""family guy"" as a platform to voice his political views."
iran executes three kurdish men , including ramin panahi, for terrorism offences.	iran executes three kurdish prisoners , including ramin panahi, for terrorism offences.
the new nation began to exercise its power in domestic and foreign affairs.	the new nation began to exercise some power in domestic and foreign affairs.
many stogies are made of flavored tobaccos, and given that a stogie may last a half hour, as opposed to the 2-8 minutes that a cigarette typically lasts, there can be quite a stench produced.	many stogies are made of flavored tobaccos, and given that a stogie may last a half hour, as opposed to the 2-8 minutes that a cigarette typically lasts, there can be quite a pungent and pervasive aroma produced.
vintage radio is fondly remembered for fanfares and show openings, running gags, trademark sounds and newsworthy events, such as the headlines after the war of the worlds was dramatized on orson welles' mercury theater on the air.	vintage radio is remembered for fanfares and show openings, running gags, trademark sounds and newsworthy events, such as the headlines after the war of the worlds was dramatized on orson welles' mercury theater on the air.
"pop-up video was an extremley popular vh1 show that ""popped up"" bubbles (image:ltspkr.png ) officially called ""info nuggets"" containing trivia and spry witticisms throughout music videos."	"pop-up video was an popular vh1 show that ""popped up"" bubbles (image:ltspkr.png ) officially called ""info nuggets"" containing trivia and spry witticisms throughout music videos."
between 1935 and 1937, butler served as a spokesman for the american league against war and fascism, which was considered by many to be communist-dominated, and gave numerous speeches to the communist party usa in the 1930s, as well as to pacifist groups.	between 1935 and 1937, butler served as a spokesman for the american league against war and fascism, which was considered by many to be communist-dominated, and gave speeches to the communist party usa in the 1930s, as well as to pacifist groups.
because 60 votes were needed to invoke cloture, the bill thankfully did not pass during the 110th congress.	because 60 votes were needed to invoke cloture, the bill did not pass during the 110th congress.
"alfred emanuel ""al"" smith (december 30, 1873 october 4, 1944) was an american statesman who was elected governor of new york four times and was the democratic u.s. presidential candidate in 1928."	"alfred emanuel ""al"" smith (december 30, 1873 october 4, 1944) was an american politician who was elected governor of new york four times and was the democratic u.s. presidential candidate in 1928."
normanhurst boys also runs a concert band and a brilliant stage band, a vocal ensemble, a string ensemble and a number of smaller bands formed by students.	normanhurst boys also runs a concert band and a stage band, a vocal ensemble, a string ensemble and a number of smaller bands formed by students.
yet initially constantinople did not have all the dignities of rome, possessing a proconsul, rather than a prefect of the city.	yet initially constantinople did not have all the dignities of rome, possessing a proconsul, rather than a of the city.
protesting against russia's anti-gay laws	protesting against russia's homosexual propaganda laws
the ship took king alexander of yugoslavia on a state visit to france in 1934. she then had the happy task of returning his body home after he was assassinated.	the ship took king alexander of yugoslavia on a state visit to france in 1934. she then had the task of returning his body home after he was assassinated.
in addition to its commercial success, ocarina of time is also widely considered one of the greatest games of all time by critics and fans, and received extremely high ratings from reviewers.	in addition to its commercial success, ocarina of time is also considered one of the greatest games of all time by critics and fans, and received extremely high ratings from reviewers.
this ready availability is historically recent and corresponds to a reduced interest in traditional religion and the promulgation by occultists of the perception of the occult as a broad term for an alternative to religious belief.	this ready availability is historically recent and corresponds to a reduced interest in religion and the promulgation by occultists of the perception of the occult as a broad term for an alternative to religious belief.
the buffy and jody characters are relentlessly polite and well behaved early grade-school children, while cissy is a high-school and later college student who is peripheral to most of the stories.	the buffy and jody characters are polite and well behaved early grade-school children, while cissy is a high-school and later college student who is peripheral to most of the stories.
breatharianism is a related concept, in which believers claim food and possibly water are not necessary, since humans can be sustained solely by prana (the vital life force in hinduism), or according to some, by the energy in sunlight.	breatharianism is a related concept, in which believers claim food and possibly water are not necessary, and that humans can be sustained solely by prana (the vital life force in hinduism), or according to some, by the energy in sunlight.
it is frost 's third poetic volume published in america in 1916 by henry holt.	it is frost 's third poetic volume published in the united states in 1916 by henry holt.
"eugenie scott of the national center for science education described refuting evolution 2 as a ""crude piece of propaganda,"" and expressed concern that there are no serious rebuttals of it, asserting that ""its shoddiness is no excuse for complacency on the part of the scientific community."""	"eugenie scott of the national center for science education described refuting evolution 2 as a ""crude piece of propaganda,"" and expressed concern that there are no serious rebuttals of it, arguing that ""its shoddiness is no excuse for complacency on the part of the scientific community."""
shakur said that he fell asleep shortly after the woman arrived and later awoke to her accusations and legal threats.	shakur claimed that he fell asleep shortly after the woman arrived and later awoke to her accusations and legal threats.
rabbi gil student an orthodox writer and publisher has written and self published a book examining and refuting the theological claims made by chabad messianists.	rabbi gil student an orthodox writer and publisher has written and self published a book examining and rebutting the theological claims made by chabad messianists.
mexican flu pandemic (20092010)	h1n1/09 flu pandemic (20092010)
"he was charged by the state of virginia for two capital crimes: the murder of fbi analyst linda franklin ""in the commission of an act of terrorism"" (an addendum to virginia law that was added after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks), and the murder of more than one person in a three-year period."	"he was charged by the state of virginia for two capital crimes: the murder of fbi analyst linda franklin ""in the commission of an act of terrorism"" (an addendum to virginia law that was added after the september 11, 2001 attacks), and the murder of more than one person in a three-year period."
castle hill is poorly served by private buses which link the suburb to nearby major suburbs such as parramatta and pennant hills and rail stations.	castle hill is well served by private buses which link the suburb to nearby major suburbs such as parramatta and pennant hills and rail stations.
"its formation was strongly tied to humanistic psychology, also known as the ""3rd force"" in psychology (after psychoanalysis and behaviorism, and before the ""4th force"" of transpersonal psychology which emphasizes esoteric, psychic, mystical, and spiritual development)."	"its formation was tied to humanistic psychology, also known as the ""3rd force"" in psychology (after psychoanalysis and behaviorism, and before the ""4th force"" of transpersonal psychology which emphasizes esoteric, psychic, mystical, and spiritual development)."
video games have been the subject of controversy and censorship, due to the depiction of graphic violence, sexual themes, consumption of illegal drugs, consumption of alcohol or tobacco, or profanity in some games.	video games have been the subject of debate and censorship, due to the depiction of graphic violence, sexual themes, consumption of illegal drugs, consumption of alcohol or tobacco, or profanity in some games.
many conscientious objectors are so for religious reasons—notably, the members of the historic peace churches are pacifist by doctrine, and jehovah's witnesses, while not strictly speaking pacifists, refuse to participate in the armed services on the grounds that they believe christians should be neutral in worldly conflicts.	some conscientious objectors are so for religious reasons—notably, the members of the historic peace churches are pacifist by doctrine, and jehovah's witnesses, while not strictly speaking pacifists, refuse to participate in the armed services on the grounds that they believe christians should be neutral in worldly conflicts.
it demonstrated that governments are powerless in the management of output and employment in an economy.	it posits that governments are powerless in the management of output and employment in an economy.
mika singh is younger brother of famous punjabi singer daler mehndi.	mika singh is younger brother of punjabi singer daler mehndi.
"dansguardian is one of the few widely used filtering/censorware systems that makes its source code available, thus avoiding some of the criticisms associated with censorware proxies being ""black box"" systems."	"dansguardian is one of the few widely used filtering/censorware systems that makes its source code available, thus avoiding some of the criticisms associated with content control system proxies being ""black box"" systems."
and on 15 july, the european parliament elected him with a strong majority of 422 votes from a total of 729 cast.	and on 15 july, the european parliament elected him with a majority of 422 votes from a total of 729 cast.
tatyana is a close friend of another oligarch , roman abramovich.	tatyana is a close friend of another multi-billionaire , roman abramovich.
her paternal grandfather was the controversial labour party leader george lansbury.	her paternal grandfather was the labour party leader george lansbury.
tax reform and the gst	tax changes and the gst
"in his epic 1998 survey, shakespeare: the invention of the human, bloom provides an analysis of each of shakespeare's thirty-eight plays, ""twenty-four of which are masterpieces."""	"in his 1998 survey, shakespeare: the invention of the human, bloom provides an analysis of each of shakespeare's thirty-eight plays, ""twenty-four of which are masterpieces."""
orthodox judaism affirms that one god is the creator of all things, and that he created the first man and woman in his own image — adam and eve.	orthodox judaism affirms that one god is the creator of all things, and that a god created the first man and woman in his own image — adam and eve.
an abortion is the premature termination of pregnancy ending in the loss of the embryo or fetus.	an abortion is the premature termination of pregnancy ending in the death of the embryo or fetus.
he does not speak french, but managed to learn all of his lines and delivered them flawlessly .	he does not speak french, but managed to learn all of his lines and delivered them by rote .
"since god took ""one"" ( 'echad) of adam's tsela`, it is apparent that an individual rib, not one of two ""sides"" of adam's is intended."	"since god took ""one"" ( 'echad) of adam's tsela`, it is possible that an individual rib, not one of two ""sides"" of adam's is intended."
"whereas the chinese call the japanese imitation the ""eastern danggui"" as noted above, the japanese has given a. sinensis the common name ."	"whereas the chinese call the japanese species the ""eastern danggui"" as noted above, the japanese has given a. sinensis the common name ."
the first look production poster of the film was unveiled on 15 july 2012. stills featuring the lead pair were released in march 2014. the official motion poster teaser of the film was released on youtube on 11 september 2014. the motion poster garnered more than 200,000 hits on youtube in just 12 hours of its release and reached 500,000 hits in just one and half days.	the first look production poster of the film was unveiled on 15 july 2012. stills featuring the lead pair were released in march 2014. the official motion poster teaser of the film was released on youtube on 11 september 2014. the motion poster garnered more than 200,000 hits on youtube in 12 hours of its release and reached 500,000 hits in just one and half days.
unfortunately , this result came to nothing when a referendum in france voted to reject the european constitution which meant that the eu could not ratify the treaty because support was not unanimous.	however , this result came to nothing when a referendum in france voted to reject the european constitution which meant that the eu could not ratify the treaty because support was not unanimous.
wellard, a fictional dog, was the longest-serving pet (19942008) in the popular british soap opera eastenders.	wellard, a fictional dog, was the longest-serving pet (19942008) in the british soap opera eastenders.
israeli-palestinian conflict: a protest letter by a small group of 27 israeli pilots to the israeli air force is publicized.	israeli-palestinian conflict: a protest letter by a group of 27 israeli pilots to the israeli air force is publicized.
he was a principal writer for the early uk editions of the world-renowned board game trivial pursuit, and has devised many television formats.	he was a principal writer for the early uk editions of the board game trivial pursuit, and has devised many television formats.
in june 2011 the asl issued a strong press statement (which was followed up in writing to every mp in the country) calling for community based supported living services to replace institutional services for people with learning disabilities.	in june 2011 the asl issued a press statement (which was followed up in writing to every mp in the country) calling for community based supported living services to replace institutional services for people with learning disabilities.
sandy duncan, american actress, comedienne , dancer, and singer	sandy duncan, american actress, comedian , dancer, and singer
baniszewski's daughter, paula, who was pregnant at the time, viciously kicked likens in the genitals and accused her of being pregnant.	baniszewski's daughter, paula, who was pregnant at the time, kicked likens in the genitals and accused her of being pregnant.
john bensko is an award-winning american poet who teaches in the mfa program at the university of memphis, along with his wife, the fiction writer cary holladay.	john bensko is an american poet who teaches in the mfa program at the university of memphis, along with his wife, the fiction writer cary holladay.
omnipotent government: the rise of the total state and total war is a book by influential austrian school economist ludwig von mises first published in 1944 by yale university press.	omnipotent government: the rise of the total state and total war is a book by austrian school economist ludwig von mises first published in 1944 by yale university press.
whilst encryption of satellite and cable tv broadcasts is an old practice, with iptv technology it can effectively be thought of as a form of digital restrictions management.	whilst encryption of satellite and cable tv broadcasts is an old practice, with iptv technology it can effectively be thought of as a form of digital rights management.
however, proponents indicate that the lower price of	however, proponents claim that the lower price of
from scotland's 22 man 1954 world cup squad, stupidly scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.	from scotland's 22 man 1954 world cup squad, scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.
jimmy wales, wikipedia co- founder	jimmy wales, wikipedia founder
telephoned warnings were usually sent before attacks on civilian targets.	telephoned warnings were usually sent before attacks on economic targets.
the interpretation favored by john calvin does not suffer from the inconsistencies and the disconnectedness of the interpretations listed above.	the interpretation favored by john calvin is said not suffer from the inconsistencies and the disconnectedness of the interpretations listed above.
"christopher ""chris"" hutchings (born 5 july 1957 in winchester, england) is an english former footballer and failed manager."	"christopher ""chris"" hutchings (born 5 july 1957 in winchester, england) is an english former footballer and manager."
the film explores qur'anic motivations for terrorism, islamic universalism, and islam in the netherlands.	the film alleges qur'anic motivations for terrorism, islamic universalism, and islam in the netherlands.
"among them are secretum (""my secret book""), an intensely personal guilt-ridden imaginary dialogue with saint augustine of hippo; de viris illustribus (""on famous men""), a series of moral biographies; rerum memorandarum libri, an incomplete treatise on the cardinal virtues; de otio religiosorum (""on religious leisure"") and de vita solitaria (""on the solitary life""), which praise the contemplative life; de remediis utriusque fortunae (""remedies for fortune fair and foul""), a self-help book which remained popular for hundreds of years; itinerarium (""petrarch's guide to the holy land""), a distant ancestor of fodors and lonely planet; a number of invectives against opponents such as doctors, scholastics, and the french; the carmen bucolicum, a collection of twelve pastoral poems; and the unfinished epic africa."	"among them are secretum (""my secret book""), an intensely personal guilt-ridden imaginary dialogue with augustine of hippo; de viris illustribus (""on famous men""), a series of moral biographies; rerum memorandarum libri, an incomplete treatise on the cardinal virtues; de otio religiosorum (""on religious leisure"") and de vita solitaria (""on the solitary life""), which praise the contemplative life; de remediis utriusque fortunae (""remedies for fortune fair and foul""), a self-help book which remained popular for hundreds of years; itinerarium (""petrarch's guide to the holy land""), a distant ancestor of fodors and lonely planet; a number of invectives against opponents such as doctors, scholastics, and the french; the carmen bucolicum, a collection of twelve pastoral poems; and the unfinished epic africa."
orramatur consists of many different types of food, for example sour ram's testicles, rotten shark, burned sheep heads, sheep's head jam, blood pudding, dried fish (often cod or haddock) with butter and many other courses that are considered delicious among islanders .	orramatur consists of many different types of food, for example sour ram's testicles, rotten shark, burned sheep heads, sheep's head jam, blood pudding, dried fish (often cod or haddock) with butter and many other courses that are considered delicious among some icelanders .
the melamine food scare became a focal point against the warming relations between taiwan's government and the central government, and a major demonstration was held on 25 october 2008 to voice dissatisfaction with taiwan's increasingly closer ties with beijing, notably related to the incident.	the melamine food scare became a focal point against the warming relations between taiwan's government and the mainland chinese government, and a major demonstration was held on 25 october 2008 to voice dissatisfaction with taiwan's increasingly closer ties with beijing, notably related to the incident.
"like other islamo-fascist organizations, hezbollah believes in no fundamental seperation of church and state and states it's goal is to rest when the ""word of allah is the solemn word of the land."""	"like other islamist organizations, hezbollah believes in no fundamental seperation of church and state and states it's goal is to rest when the ""word of allah is the solemn word of the land."""
nicholls hospital, a fine neo-gothic building that was later a school, was constructed on hyde road in the last quarter of the 19th century.	nicholls hospital, a neo-gothic building that was later a school, was constructed on hyde road in the last quarter of the 19th century.
"at several points in the novel, it claims its true name is ""robert gray"", and is christened ""it"" by the group of children who later confront it."	"at several points in the novel, it claims its true name is ""robert gray"", and is named ""it"" by the group of children who later confront it."
"francisco rodrigues da silva (""nunca"") is a prominent brazilian ""grafiteiro"" artist who uses a graffiti technique to create images that confront modern urban brazil with its native past."	"francisco rodrigues da silva (""nunca"") is a brazilian ""grafiteiro"" artist who uses a graffiti technique to create images that confront modern urban brazil with its native past."
amherst college is an elite independent liberal arts college in amherst, massachusetts, usa.	amherst college is an independent liberal arts college in amherst, massachusetts, usa.
rocket raccoon is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	rocket raccoon is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
wake forest university is an original member of the prestigious atlantic coast conference (acc).	wake forest university is an original member of the atlantic coast conference (acc).
young woman wearing the mantilla on holy thursday.	middle-aged woman wearing the mantilla on holy thursday.
kok had directed more than 80 plays, and is regarded as a known practitioner in singapore's arts sector.	kok had directed more than 80 plays, and is regarded as a practitioner in singapore's arts sector.
"later commenting on why he produced such a work of propaganda, herg stated that ""one should remember that le xxe sicle was a catholic sic newspaper, and whoever said 'catholic' at the time meant 'anti-communist'... one would literally devour bolsheviks."	"later commenting on why he produced a work of propaganda, herg stated that ""one should remember that le xxe sicle was a catholic sic newspaper, and whoever said 'catholic' at the time meant 'anti-communist'... one would literally devour bolsheviks."
mencken occasionally made arguably anti-semitic statements and certainly believed in significant genetic distinctness between races.	mencken occasionally made arguably anti-semitic statements and believed in significant genetic distinctness between races.
battocchio signed for watford on a permanent basis on 19 july 2013, with the contract running for a period of three years until 2016. battocchio scored his first league goal as a permanent watford player in a 10 win at home to wigan athletic on 28 september 2013 after scoring a delightful chip against bournemouth in the league cup at the end of august.	battocchio signed for watford on a permanent basis on 19 july 2013, with the contract running for a period of three years until 2016. battocchio scored his first league goal as a permanent watford player in a 10 win at home to wigan athletic on 28 september 2013 after scoring a chip against bournemouth in the league cup at the end of august.
garrett voted against the continuing appropriations act, 2014, during the united states federal government shutdown of 2013. he was the only member of the new jersey congressional delegation who did not sign a letter urging the house to provide prompt aid to victims of hurricane sandy.	garrett voted against the continuing appropriations act, 2014, during the united states federal government shutdown of 2013. according to an opinion editorial published in the star ledger, garrett was the only member of the new jersey congressional delegation who did not sign a letter urging the house to provide prompt aid to victims of hurricane sandy.
additional comic support was provided by gifted texas-born actor guich koock who played the part of goofy deputy harley.	additional comic support was provided by texas-born actor guich koock who played the part of goofy deputy harley.
he did not believe pushtun land east of the durand line deserved to be reunited with afghanistan after its illegal annexation into british india in 1893. afghans, as well as the pushtuns living in the disputed territory, including those of babraks zadran tribe, held political animosity toward liaquat ali khan because of this, and zadran is believed to have killed khan after he made inflammatory statements about afghanistan.	he did not believe pushtun land east of the durand line deserved to be reunited with afghanistan after its annexation into british india in 1893. afghans, as well as the pushtuns living in the disputed territory, including those of babraks zadran tribe, held political animosity toward liaquat ali khan because of this, and zadran is believed to have killed khan after he made inflammatory statements about afghanistan.
septimius allowed the enforcement of policies already long-established, which meant that roman authorities did not intentionally seek out christians, but when people were accused of being christians they could either curse jesus and make an offering to roman gods, or be executed.	severus allowed the enforcement of policies already long-established, which meant that roman authorities did not intentionally seek out christians, but when people were accused of being christians they could either curse jesus and make an offering to roman gods, or be executed.
one of the incredible images of saturn released by nasa on march 1, 2007. the image was taken on january 19 of that year.	one of the images of saturn released by nasa on march 1, 2007. the image was taken on january 19 of that year.
one relatively recent example of christian demonology is the book war on the saints, written by jessie penn-lewis in the early 20th century, which purports to reveal what demons are, how they work at gaining possession, how to recognize their workings, how to oppose them, and how to free oneself and others from demon possession.	one relatively recent example of christian demonology is the book war on the saints, written by jessie penn-lewis in the early 20th century, which claims to reveal what demons are, how they work at gaining possession, how to recognize their workings, how to oppose them, and how to free oneself and others from demon possession.
the completion in 1936 of the appalachian trail, which stretches from georgia to maine, also helped open the area to hikers and outdoorsmen from all over the world.	the completion in 1936 of the appalachian trail, which stretches from georgia to maine, also helped open the area to hikers and outdoor enthusiasts from all over the world.
"occasionally, zionists attempt to counter those who bring the satmar rebbe's books against zionism as sources for opposing zionism by lying that satmar is a ""tiny group""."	"occasionally, zionists attempt to counter those who bring the satmar rebbe's books against zionism as sources for opposing zionism by claiming that satmar is a ""tiny group""."
their coverage was presented by sir david frost, michael wilson, selina scott, adam boulton and political scientist michael thrasher, with former bbc political journalist donald maccormick presenting analysis of the crucial scottish vote.	their coverage was presented by sir david frost, michael wilson, selina scott, adam boulton and political scientist michael thrasher, with former bbc political journalist donald maccormick presenting analysis of the scottish vote.
by restoring the definition of marriage to opposite-sex couples, the proposition overturned the california supreme court's ruling of in re marriage cases that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry.	by restricting the definition of marriage to opposite-sex couples, the proposition overturned the california supreme court's ruling of in re marriage cases that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry.
the workplace relations act 1996, as amended by the workplace relations amendment act 2005, or workchoices, which came into effect in march 2006, is the most comprehensive reform to industrial relations in australia for almost a century.	the workplace relations act 1996, as amended by the workplace relations amendment act 2005, or workchoices, which came into effect in march 2006, is the most comprehensive change to industrial relations in australia for almost a century.
joshua's hill , a hill located on the asian shore of bosporus in beykoz district of istanbul, turkey is a shrine containing a mosque and a tomb dedicated to joshua .	joshua's hill , a hill located on the anatolian shore of bosporus in beykoz district of istanbul, turkey is a shrine containing a mosque and a tomb dedicated to joshua .
joe wicks is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul nicholls.	joe wicks is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by paul nicholls.
in his youth, he also wrote useful pieces for organ.	in his youth, he also wrote pieces for organ.
the house is now a popular meetings and events venue, while the gardens and arboretum remain open to the public free of charge.	the house is now a meetings and events venue, while the gardens and arboretum remain open to the public free of charge.
henry dyer grindle (november 19, 1826 – september 14, 1902) was a manhattan physician and abortionist in the 1870s who worked under the name h.d.	henry dyer grindle (november 19, 1826 – september 14, 1902) was a manhattan physician and abortion provider in the 1870s who worked under the name h.d.
genius & friends consisted of duets recorded from 1997 to 2005 with his choice of artists including the outstanding 'big bad love' with diana ross.	genius & friends consisted of duets recorded from 1997 to 2005 with his choice of artists including the 'big bad love' with diana ross.
"in this classic episode, mr. mackey gives a drug & alcohol prevention lecture titled ""drugs are bad"", emphasizing the negative effects of smoking, drinking, marijuana and lsd."	"in this episode, mr. mackey gives a drug & alcohol prevention lecture titled ""drugs are bad"", emphasizing the negative effects of smoking, drinking, marijuana and lsd."
PUNCT PUNCT ADJ VERB VERB VERB VERB DET NOUN ADP ADV VERB NUM NOUN PUNCT	punct punct nsubj ROOT ROOT ROOT ROOT det dobj mark expl acl nummod attr punct
a keen car and motor racing enthusiast, lord pembroke has raced in the funcup endurance series since 2009 and, in 2011, had a class win in the prestigious spa 25 hour race against 120 international teams.	a keen car and motor racing enthusiast, lord pembroke has raced in the funcup endurance series since 2009 and, in 2011, had a class win in the spa 25 hour race against 120 international teams .
the soundtrack includes stunning performances from the norwegian singer sissel kyrkjeb, and the famous canadian singer celine dion.	the soundtrack includes performances from the norwegian singer sissel kyrkjeb, and the famous canadian singer celine dion.
...that yucca mountain johnny is a cartoon character created to explain nuclear waste disposal to to children, and has been compared to joe camel?	...that yucca mountain johnny is a cartoon character created to explain nuclear waste disposal to to children, and has attracted controversy, being compared to joe camel?
at the peak of tulip mania, in march 1637, some single tulip bulbs sold for more than 10 times the annual income of a skilled craftsman .	at the peak of tulip mania, in march 1637, some single tulip bulbs sold for more than 10 times the annual income of a skilled craftsworker .
clearly alternating tread stairs may not be safe for small children, the elderly or the physically challenged.	alternating tread stairs may not be safe for small children, the elderly or the physically challenged.
the new testament clearly explains the relationship between manna and the original messianic apostles in john 6, when jesus says `i am the bread of life`.hebrews 9:4 demonstrates for the christian that the sacred manna is the essence of the holy.	the new testament explains the relationship between manna and the original messianic apostles in john 6, when jesus says `i am the bread of life`.hebrews 9:4 demonstrates for the christian that the sacred manna is the essence of the holy.
the alternative view, that the principal or even sole causes are natural cycles such as solar activity, is held by a number of other scientists .	the alternative view, that the principal or even sole causes are natural cycles such as solar activity, is held by a number of journalists and politicians, but by only a small minority of established scientists .
christmas day - (25 december) — christian holiday commemorating the traditional birth-date of jesus myth .	christmas day - (25 december) — christian holiday commemorating the traditional birth-date of jesus.
some disagree with these cult allegations.	others disagree with these cult allegations.
the media package had only marginal value to police investigating the crime.	the media package had marginal value to police investigating the crime.
even in the case of an acute psychosis, sufferers may be completely unaware that their vivid hallucinations and impossible delusions are in any way unrealistic.	even in the case of an acute psychosis, people may be completely unaware that their vivid hallucinations and impossible delusions are in any way unrealistic.
carlos castaeda (december 25, 1925 – april 27, 1998) was the brilliant author of a series of books that purport to describe his training in traditional mesoamerican shamanism, which he referred to as a form of sorcery.	carlos castaeda (december 25, 1925 – april 27, 1998) was the author of a series of books that purport to describe his training in traditional mesoamerican shamanism, which he referred to as a form of sorcery.
in 1977 and 1978, somalia attacked its neighbour ethiopia in the ogaden war, in which somalia aimed to liberate and unite the somali lands that had been partitioned by the former colonial powers, and to win the right of self-determination for ethnic somalis in those territories.	in 1977 and 1978, somalia attacked its neighbour ethiopia in the ogaden war, in which somalia aimed to and unite the somali lands that had been partitioned by the former colonial powers, and to win the right of self-determination for ethnic somalis in those territories.
the original conference was held at the hotel de bilderberg in oosterbeek, netherlands, from 29 to 31 may 1954. it was initiated by several people, including polish politician-in-exile jzef retinger, concerned about the growth of anti-americanism in western europe, who proposed an international conference at which leaders from european countries and the united states would be brought together with the aim of promoting atlanticismbetter understanding between the cultures of the united states and western europe to foster co-operation on political, economic and defense issues.	the first conference was held at the hotel de bilderberg in oosterbeek, netherlands, from 29 to 31 may 1954. it was initiated by several people, including polish politician-in-exile jzef retinger, concerned about the growth of anti-americanism in western europe, who proposed an international conference at which leaders from european countries and the united states would be brought together with the aim of promoting atlanticismbetter understanding between the cultures of the united states and western europe to foster co-operation on political, economic and defense issues.
during his illustrious career hyypi has won every club honour with the exception of the premier league and fifa club world championship	during his career hyypi has won every club honour with the exception of the premier league and fifa club world championship
the song is used as entry music by british comedienne shappi khorsandi.	the song is used as entry music by british comedian shappi khorsandi.
harriet presser (1936-2012) was a prominent sociologist and demographer.	harriet presser (1936-2012) was a sociologist and demographer.
he is the son of richard luce, and his first cousin is the writer, actress, and comedienne miranda hart.	he is the son of richard luce, and his first cousin is the writer, actress, and comedian miranda hart.
overall, the gameplay remains similar to the original game, though it features a state-of-the-art 3d game engine (ndl's gamebryo).	overall, the gameplay remains similar to the original game, though it features a 3d game engine (ndl's gamebryo).
however, lucrezia never really got to see them and tragically maria died in 1543, aged 44. lucrezia was very upset by the loss of her daughter and she herself died 10 years later.	however, lucrezia never really got to see them and maria died in 1543, aged 44. lucrezia was very upset by the loss of her daughter and she herself died 10 years later.
the deir yassin massacre (deir yassin is also transliterated from arabic as dayr yasin and frequently (mis)transliterated from hebrew writings as dir yassin) refers to the killing of scores of arab civilians at the village of deir yassin near jerusalem in palestine by jewish terrorists between april 9 and 11, 1948. this occurred during a period of increasing local arab-jewish fighting about one month prior to the regional outbreak of the much larger 1948 middle east war.	the deir yassin massacre (deir yassin is also transliterated from arabic as dayr yasin and frequently (mis)transliterated from hebrew writings as dir yassin) refers to the killing of scores of arab civilians at the village of deir yassin near jerusalem in palestine by jewish irregular forces between april 9 and 11, 1948. this occurred during a period of increasing local arab-jewish fighting about one month prior to the regional outbreak of the much larger 1948 middle east war.
cooper admitted in 2007 that the name change was one of his most important and successful career moves.	cooper stated in 2007 that the name change was one of his most important and successful career moves.
she is also the wife of famous heavy metal singer-songwriter ozzy osbourne.	she is also the wife of heavy metal singer-songwriter ozzy osbourne.
indeed, his first job was as a teacher where he supplemented his meagre income by getting short stories published in local newspapers.	indeed, his first job was as a teacher where he supplemented his income by getting short stories published in local newspapers.
during the 1980s and 1990s, cleese focused on film, though he did work with peter cook in his one-off tv special peter cook and co. in 1980. in the same year a theatrical piece for tv was released, with cleese playing excelently petruchio, in shakespear's the taming of the shrew.	during the 1980s and 1990s, cleese focused on film, though he did work with peter cook in his one-off tv special peter cook and co. in 1980. in the same year a theatrical piece for tv was released, with cleese playing a remarkable petruchio, in shakespear's the taming of the shrew.
most of the trail is adjacent to the beautiful greenbrier river and is surrounded by peaks of the allegheny mountains.	most of the trail is adjacent to the free-flowing greenbrier river and is surrounded by peaks of the allegheny mountains.
"documents stolen from the heartland institute and made public in february 2012 reveal that the institute had agreed to help watts raise $88,000 to set up a website, ""devoted to accessing the new temperature data"	"documents obtained from the heartland institute and made public in february 2012 reveal that the institute had agreed to help watts raise $88,000 to set up a website, ""devoted to accessing the new temperature data"
"upaccording to marxist criminal che guevara, ""a smoke in times of rest is a great companion to the solitary soldier."""	"upaccording to marxist guerrilla che guevara, ""a smoke in times of rest is a great companion to the solitary soldier."""
the unusual psychobilly music from the game is also playable in a standard music cd player.	the psychobilly music from the game is also playable in a standard music cd player.
the nova stone was carved by nazmul and sari and was owned by seth's father and then given to seth after his passing .	the nova stone was carved by nazmul and sari and was owned by seth's father and then given to seth after his death .
there were two early attempts to produce unicron toys for the transformers toyline, including voice clips from welles himself, but the unimpressive results never made it to production.	there were two early attempts to produce unicron toys for the transformers toyline, including voice clips from welles himself, but the results never made it to production.
"author bob mccabe's book the exorcist: out of the shadows contains a chapter on the film in which linda blair said the movie ""was one of the big disappointments of my career,"" and john boorman confessed : ""the sin i committed was not giving the audience what it wanted in terms of horror ... there's this wild beast out there which is the audience."	"author bob mccabe's book the exorcist: out of the shadows contains a chapter on the film in which linda blair said the movie ""was one of the big disappointments of my career,"" and john boorman commented : ""the sin i committed was not giving the audience what it wanted in terms of horror ... there's this wild beast out there which is the audience."
with very close access to several studios, london, heathrow and the m40; as well being beautifully rural and having large, expensive estates and houses, beaconsfield is a popular choice of location for many 'celebrities', personalities and high-flyers.	with very close access to several studios, london, heathrow and the m40; as well being rural and having large, expensive estates and houses, beaconsfield is a popular choice of location for many 'celebrities', personalities and high-flyers.
in the us, mtv and vh1 provided intermittent and incomplete live and taped coverage, frequently breaking away mid-song for commercials or inane commentary by their veejays.	in the us, mtv and vh1 provided intermittent and incomplete live and taped coverage, frequently breaking away mid-song for commercials or commentary by their veejays.
other popular rochesterians on the screen include comedienne kristin wiig and voice actor vincent martella.	other popular rochesterians on the screen include comedian kristin wiig and voice actor vincent martella.
in spite of jayadeva's proven birthplace in kenduli sasan, near puri in orissa, the april 16, 2007 episode of the popular indian tv game show kaun banega crorepati (kbc iii) erroneously mentioned jayadeva as the court poet of king lakshmanasena of bengal.	in spite of jayadeva's proven birthplace in kenduli sasan, near puri in orissa, the april 16, 2007 episode of the popular indian tv game show kaun banega crorepati (kbc iii) mentioned jayadeva as the court poet of king lakshmanasena of bengal.
american astronaut neil armstrong (pictured), the first man to walk on the moon, dies at the age of 82.	american astronaut neil armstrong (pictured), the first person to walk on the moon, dies at the age of 82.
mrs is still in common use socially, especially by women who have taken their husband's family name.	mrs is in common use socially, especially by women who have taken their husband's family name.
ism has been accused of being linked to the suicide bombers that attacked the mike's place bar in occupied east jerusalem on april 30, 2003, killing three people.	ism has been accused of being linked to the suicide bombers that attacked the mike's place bar in east jerusalem on april 30, 2003, killing three people.
jan carlzon (born june 25, 1941) is a swedish businessperson .	jan carlzon (born june 25, 1941) is a swedish businessman .
edu-ware services, inc. was an educational and entertainment software publisher established in 1979 by sherwin steffin and steven pederson it was known for its groundbreaking adventure games, role-playing games, and flight simulators for the apple ii family of computers.	edu-ware services, inc. was an educational and entertainment software publisher established in 1979 by sherwin steffin and steven pederson it was known for its adventure games, role-playing games, and flight simulators for the apple ii family of computers.
the video was later spoofed by british comediennes french & saunders, in a low budget fashion (i.e., on a greenscreen), and also plays on the name of iceland, bjrk's home country, with the store of the same name.	the video was later spoofed by british comedians french & saunders, in a low budget fashion (i.e., on a greenscreen), and also plays on the name of iceland, bjrk's home country, with the store of the same name.
blackgang was the birthplace of the actress and comedienne sheila hancock.	blackgang was the birthplace of the actress and comedian sheila hancock.
it is a premium adult entertainment television channel consisting of explicit adult material, primarily pornographic films.	it is a pay-tv adult entertainment television channel consisting of explicit adult material, primarily pornographic films.
hobbs cored more runs and compiled more centuries in first-class cricket than any other player in the history of the game.	hobbs scored more runs and compiled more centuries in first-class cricket than any other player in the history of the game.
china has won the eaff east asian cup twice in 2005 and 2010 and have been runners-up at the afc asian cup twice in 1984 and 2004. although china failed to score a goal in their fifa world cup debut appearance during the 2002 fifa world cup, losing all their matches, just qualifying for the tournament has been considered the greatest accomplishment in the country's football history.	china has won the eaff east asian cup twice in 2005 and 2010 and have been runners-up at the afc asian cup twice in 1984 and 2004. although china failed to score a goal in their fifa world cup debut appearance during the 2002 fifa world cup, losing all their matches, qualifying for the tournament has been considered the greatest accomplishment in the country's football history.
48 square miles (124 km) of jordanian territory: syria and jordan	48 square miles (124 km) of territory: syria and jordan
alleged murderer and pedophile marc dutroux went on trial in belgium after eight years of investigation.</div>	alleged murderer and child molester marc dutroux went on trial in belgium after eight years of investigation.</div>
the deliberate destruction of a live human embryo is incompatible with some interpretations of roman catholic doctrine.	the deliberate destruction of a viable human embryo is incompatible with some interpretations of roman catholic doctrine.
the tragic death of owen hart	the death of owen hart
released in 1988 after the departure of founding member and iconic bassist, dave allen, the album revolves around barry andrews.	released in 1988 after the departure of founding member and bassist, dave allen, the album revolves around barry andrews.
stf is one of the popular all-girls boarding school (sekolah berasrama penuh) and the second fully boarding girls' school in malaysia.	stf is one of the all-girls boarding school (sekolah berasrama penuh) and the second fully boarding girls' school in malaysia.
"the fascists became junior partners in the government and, as such, they had to accept responsibility for the regime's policy without being able to shape it substantially""."	"the falange became junior partners in the government and, as such, they had to accept responsibility for the regime's policy without being able to shape it substantially""."
momchil (, , ; c. 1305  7 july 1345) was a 14th-century serbian brigand and local ruler.	momchil (, , ; c. 1305  7 july 1345) was a 14th-century bulgarian brigand and local ruler.
a landlord is the male owner of a house, apartment, condominium, land or real estate which is rented or leased to an individual or business, who is called a tenant (also a lessee or renter).	a landlord is the owner of a house, apartment, condominium, land or real estate which is rented or leased to an individual or business, who is called a tenant (also a lessee or renter).
bodies of pro-morsi supporters	bodies of pro-morsi muslim brotherhood members
scottish, manx and irish gaelic are all descended from old irish.	scottish, manx and irish gaelic are all descended from old gaelic .
the pentagon has since confirmed five incidents of us personnel mishandling or mistreating the book.	the pentagon has since admitted finding evidence in interrogation logs of five incidents of us personnel mishandling or mistreating the book.
the federaci catalana d'escoltisme i guiatge (fceg, catalan federation of the scout and guide movement) is the national federation of three scout and guide associations in catalonia.	the federaci catalana d'escoltisme i guiatge (fceg, catalan federation of the scout and guide movement) is the federation of three scout and guide associations in catalonia.
fellow mp (and notorious former islington council leader) margaret hodge also lives on the same road.	fellow mp (and former islington council leader) margaret hodge also lives on the same road.
toffifee (known in the united states as toffifay) is a brand of disgusting caramel candies owned by the german company august storck kg, based in berlin, germany.	toffifee (known in the united states as toffifay) is a brand of caramel candies owned by the german company august storck kg, based in berlin, germany.
daryl christine hannah (born december 3, 1960) is a american film actress .	daryl christine hannah (born december 3, 1960) is a american film actor.
san juan's excellent harbor is the fourth busiest in the western hemisphere, ranked among the top 17 of the world's in terms of container movement and the largest home-based cruise port in the world with over a dozen cruise ships plying it's docks and each year new cruise ships either originate or call at the port.	san juan's harbor is the fourth busiest in the western hemisphere, ranked among the top 17 of the world's in terms of container movement and the largest home-based cruise port in the world with over a dozen cruise ships plying it's docks and each year new cruise ships either originate or call at the port.
he had completed part of his training to become a high altitude sherpa guide when he was tragically injured in a traffic accident in kathmandu in 2000. despite months of hospitalization, his left leg required amputation, ending his climbing career and dream to climb everest.	he had completed part of his training to become a high altitude sherpa guide when he was injured in a traffic accident in kathmandu in 2000. despite months of hospitalization, his left leg required amputation, ending his climbing career and dream to climb everest.
the music video was first aired in april 1999 and was directed by famous american director chris applebaum.	the music video was first aired in april 1999 and was directed by american director chris applebaum.
because once they had been harshly humbled by the southern loyalists, the outlaws pitilessly raided their farms, stole and murdered .	because once they had been harshly humbled by the southern loyalists, the outlaws pitilessly raided their farms, stole and killed .
when questioned about the murder of belgian civilians, peiper said they were partisans.	when questioned about the killing of belgian civilians, peiper said they were partisans.
drawing on the silver age superman (and the boundless innovations of silver age greats such as julius schwartz, curt swan and murphy anderson in particular ), moore's supreme both built-upon and ignored all the issues that had previously seen print, re-creating the character from his origin(s) up.	drawing on the silver age superman (and the innovations of silver age greats such as julius schwartz, curt swan and murphy anderson in particular ), moore's supreme both built-upon and ignored all the issues that had previously seen print, re-creating the character from his origin(s) up.
some intelligence technologies, like seed ai, also have the ability to make themselves more intelligent, not just faster, by modifying their source code.	some intelligence technologies, like seed ai, also have the potential to make themselves more intelligent, not just faster, by modifying their source code.
this single also peaked at impressive #9 in italy.	this single also peaked at #9 in italy.
unfortuntely she went against his advice the following day and told her.	however, she went against his advice the following day and told her.
on february 5, 1990, rodeo drive debuted with comedienne louise duart hosting.	on february 5, 1990, rodeo drive debuted with comedian louise duart hosting.
"the murders perpetrated by members of charles manson's ""family"" were inspired in part by manson's alleged prediction of helter skelter, an apocalyptic war he believed would arise from tension over racial relations between blacks and whites."	"the murders perpetrated by members of charles manson's ""family"" were inspired in part by manson's prediction of helter skelter, an apocalyptic war he believed would arise from tension over racial relations between blacks and whites."
over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with several public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.	over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with many public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.
anne yuri is the token female member of the ultra guard, and also the youngest.	anne yuri is the only female member of the ultra guard, and also the youngest.
six michigan players were listed on prominent preseason watch lists: (1) denard robinson for the walter camp award (best college player), maxwell award (best offensive player), and davey o'brien award (best quarterback), paul hornung award (most versatile player), and manning award (best quarterback), (2) mike martin for the bednarik trophy (best defensive player), outland trophy (best interior lineman), and lombardi award (best lineman), (3) david molk for the outland trophy, lombardi award, and rimington trophy (best center), (4) kevin koger for the john mackey award (best tight end), (5) roy roundtree for the fred biletnikoff award (best wide receiver), and (6) ryan van bergen for the ted hendricks award (best defensive end).	six michigan players were listed on preseason watch lists: (1) denard robinson for the walter camp award (best college player), maxwell award (best offensive player), and davey o'brien award (best quarterback), paul hornung award (most versatile player), and manning award (best quarterback), (2) mike martin for the bednarik trophy (best defensive player), outland trophy (best interior lineman), and lombardi award (best lineman), (3) david molk for the outland trophy, lombardi award, and rimington trophy (best center), (4) kevin koger for the john mackey award (best tight end), (5) roy roundtree for the fred biletnikoff award (best wide receiver), and (6) ryan van bergen for the ted hendricks award (best defensive end).
"hamas (; acronym: , or harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya or ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian sunni islamist terrorist organization that currently forms the majority party of the palestinian national authority."	"hamas (; acronym: , or harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya or ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian sunni islamist organization that currently forms the majority party of the palestinian national authority."
the kosovo liberation army (kla) was an albanian terrorist organization which sought the separation of kosovo from the fr yugoslavia in the 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army (kla) was an albanian insurgent organization which sought the separation of kosovo from the fr yugoslavia in the 1990s.
"this investigation of these ""merchants of death"" helped to bolster sentiments for isolationism ."	"this investigation of these ""merchants of death"" helped to bolster sentiments for non-interventionism ."
chomsky is one of the best known figures of the radical left.	chomsky is one of the best known figures of the left.
the church 's views have been strongly disputed, criticized and condemned by experts in the medical and scientific community and been a source of public controversy.	the group 's views have been strongly disputed, criticized and condemned by experts in the medical and scientific community and been a source of public controversy.
still, the release is widely expected to be in the summer of 2005, unfortunately this has not been confirmed.	still, the release is widely expected to be in the summer of 2005, although this has not been confirmed.
the open championship, or simply the open (often referred to incorrectly as the british open), is the oldest of the four major championships in professional golf.	the open championship, or simply the open (often referred to as the british open), is the oldest of the four major championships in professional golf.
steve sheinkin is an award-winning american author of suspenseful history books for young adults.	steve sheinkin is an american author of suspenseful history books for young adults.
tyagaraja composed hundreds of devotional songs, most of them in praise of lord rama.	tyagaraja composed hundreds of devotional songs, most of them in praise of the hindu god rama.
princess misha'al bint fahd al saud (1958-1977) was a saudi arabian princess who was a victim of an honor killing, being publicly murdered by her own family for adultery in 1977, at the age of 19. she was a granddaughter of prince muhammad bin abdul aziz, who was an older brother of the then king of saudi arabia, king khalid bin abdul aziz.	princess misha'al bint fahd al saud (1958-1977) was a saudi arabian princess who was a victim of an honor killing, being publicly killed by her own family for adultery in 1977, at the age of 19. she was a granddaughter of prince muhammad bin abdul aziz, who was an older brother of the then king of saudi arabia, king khalid bin abdul aziz.
the order maintains diplomatic relations with more than 100 countries, with numerous ambassadors.	the order maintains diplomatic relations with more than 100 countries, with ambassadors.
leo max frank (17 april 1884 17 august 1915) was an american man who became the only known jew in history to be lynched on american soil.	leo max frank (17 april 1884 17 august 1915) was an american man who became the only known person of jewish descent in history to be lynched on american soil.
in their most recent completed season, they won 53 games, advanced past the first round for the first time since 1997, defeating the portland trail blazers, but eventually lost in the semifinals to the los angeles lakers in seven tough games.	in their most recent completed season, they won 53 games, advanced past the first round for the first time since 1997, defeating the portland trail blazers, but eventually lost in the semifinals to the los angeles lakers in seven games.
only four major city centres will be served directly by hs2: london, birmingham, leeds and manchester.	four major city centres will be served directly by hs2: london, birmingham, leeds and manchester.
the akins high school marching band has made multiple trips to the prestigious 5a uil state marching competition.	the akins high school marching band has made multiple trips to the 5a uil state marching competition.
legitimate breed associations such as the akc, the ukc, and the ckc, do not recognize designer crosses as dog breeds.	breed associations such as the akc, the ukc, and the ckc, do not recognize designer crosses as dog breeds.
while some other party officials were, like merkel, also elected with scores over 90% to the cdu executive board at a party convention in december 2014, von der leyen scraped only 70.5%.	while some other party officials were, like merkel, also elected with scores over 90% to the cdu executive board at a party convention in december 2014, von der leyen received only 70.5%.
it debuted on march 12, 1951 in only 16 newspapers and was originally distributed by post-hall syndicate.	it debuted on march 12, 1951 in 16 newspapers and was originally distributed by post-hall syndicate.
"however, settling the so-called controversy in 2003, the ships captain hector bonzo confirmed that the general belgrano had actually been manoeuvring, not ""sailing away"" from the exclusion zone and had orders to sink ""any british ship he could find""."	"however, settling the controversy in 2003, the ships captain hector bonzo confirmed that the general belgrano had actually been manoeuvring, not ""sailing away"" from the exclusion zone and had orders to sink ""any british ship he could find""."
the liberal citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington (crew) lists deal as one of the 15 most corrupt members of congress, for trying to influence officials for personal gain.	the citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington (crew) lists deal as one of the 15 most corrupt members of congress, for trying to influence officials for personal gain.
walt disney world in orlando, florida - arguably the world's best-known, it serves over five million passengers yearly.	walt disney world in orlando, florida - one of the world's best-known, it serves over five million passengers yearly.
with his law, kepler destroyed the aristotelean astronomical theory that planets have uniform velocity.	with his law, kepler rejected the aristotelean astronomical theory that planets have uniform velocity.
however, her brother's early death in the white ship disaster in 1120 resulted in matilda being her father's sole heir.	however, her brother's death in the white ship disaster in 1120 resulted in matilda being her father's sole heir.
it was founded by members of the prestigious film department at toronto's york university.	it was founded by members of the film department at toronto's york university.
greg weisman (born september 28 1963 in los angeles, california) is an american animation writer and producer most famous as the creator of the acclaimed animated television series gargoyles.	greg weisman (born september 28 1963 in los angeles, california) is an american animation writer and producer most famous as the creator of the animated television series gargoyles.
due to the abbey's status as a royal peculiar, the dean answers directly to the queen (not to the bishop of london as ordinary, nor to the archbishop of canterbury as metropolitan).	due to the abbey's status as a royal peculiar, the dean answers directly to the british monarch (not to the bishop of london as ordinary, nor to the archbishop of canterbury as metropolitan).
tracy king, veteran member of the texas house of representatives	tracy king, member of the texas house of representatives
on 12 june, vicious fighting took place in the palestinian camp, with reports stating the syrian army had captured over 50% of the neighborhood.	on 12 june, vicious fighting took place in the palestinian camp, with reports stating the syrian army had captured between 25% and 50% of the neighborhood.
kimbrough and skinner went to hollywood to act as consultants on the film version of the book, which resulted in the delightful film of the same name and starred gail russell playing skinner.	kimbrough and skinner went to hollywood to act as consultants on the film version of the book, which resulted in the film of the same name and starred gail russell playing skinner.
according to the 2001 census, 95.5% of the population is caucasian , 1.7% aboriginal, 1.1% black, 0.2% korean, and 0.3% of other asian descent.	according to the 2001 census, 95.5% of the population is white , 1.7% aboriginal, 1.1% black, 0.2% korean, and 0.3% of other asian descent.
the convict was chowdhury mueen-uddin.	the person was chowdhury mueen-uddin.
liviu librescu, 76, heroic romanian-born professor at virginia tech, holocaust survivor and virginia tech massacre victim, shot.	liviu librescu, 76, romanian-born professor at virginia tech, holocaust survivor and virginia tech massacre victim, shot.
the changing face of the golden square mile: holt renfrew, under construction in 1937. note the elegant residence in foreground, now gone.	the changing face of the golden square mile: holt renfrew, under construction in 1937. note the residence in foreground, now gone.
the site boasts more than six million ratings, for over 500,000 professors.	the site contains more than six million ratings, for over 500,000 professors.
dennis nicolaas maria bergkamp (born 10 may 1969 in amsterdam) is a legendary dutch former professional footballer.	dennis nicolaas maria bergkamp (born 10 may 1969 in amsterdam) is a dutch former professional footballer.
the question of how a nonmaterial mind can influence a material body, without invoking supernatural explanations, remains an enigma to this day.	the question of how a nonmaterial mind could influence a material body, without invoking supernatural explanations, remains an enigma to this day.
the university was a dominant member of the border intercollegiate athletic association from 1932 to 1956. texas tech became a member of the southwest athletic conference in may of 1956 and remained so until the conference was disbanded in 1995.	the university was a member of the border intercollegiate athletic association from 1932 to 1956. texas tech became a member of the southwest athletic conference in may of 1956 and remained so until the conference was disbanded in 1995.
the appointment caused a furor in the state, and eventually resulted in a referendum that stripped the governor of his power to directly appoint replacement senators.	the appointment caused a controversy in the state, and eventually resulted in a referendum that stripped the governor of his power to directly appoint replacement senators.
"even though there is often pressure from family to circumcise their sons, ""more and more families"" are preferring morality ."	"even though there is often pressure from family to circumcise their sons, ""more and more families"" are preferring to abstain from circumcision ."
also, president hugo chvez of venezuela publicly chastised the british government several times for not handing-over the islands.	also, president hugo chvez of venezuela publicly chastised the british government several times for not returning the islands.
johnson was educated at the european school of brussels, the independent ashdown house school, then at eton college , and finally at balliol college, oxford, where he read classics and joined the infamous bullingdon club.	johnson was educated at the european school of brussels, the independent ashdown house school, then at eton college , and finally at balliol college, oxford, where he read classics and joined the bullingdon club.
the holocaust is the name applied to the alleged systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of various ethnic, religious and political groups during world war ii by nazi germany and collaborators.	the holocaust is the name applied to the systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of various ethnic, religious and political groups during world war ii by nazi germany and collaborators.
however, all of them refused to appear or provide any substantiation for their treacherous actions.	however, all of them refused to appear or provide any substantiation for their actions.
ultimately the entire family were transformed into birds and more specifically ill portents for mankind .	ultimately the entire family were transformed into birds and more specifically ill portents for humankind .
the bretton woods regime established in 1945 a fixed exchange rate regime based on a gold-backed dollar.	the bretton woods system established in 1945 a fixed exchange rate regime based on a gold-backed dollar.
she has a bachelors of law, as well as a degree in education.	she has a bachelor of law, as well as a degree in education.
alf is a cool half-hour american television sitcom that originally ran on nbc from 1986 to 1990 and was created by paul fusco.	alf is a half-hour american television sitcom that originally ran on nbc from 1986 to 1990 and was created by paul fusco.
senator tony hwang, r- 134th district, serves as a member of the energy and technology committee, whose members are from both the house and senate.	senator tony hwang, r- 28th state district, serves as a member of the energy and technology committee, whose members are from both the house and senate.
anabel ferreira, actress/ comedienne	anabel ferreira, actress/ comedian
"on november 15, 1938, a few days after the events of november 9 and 10, 1938 (the brutal anti-jewish pogrom known as ""kristallnacht""), a delegation of british jewish leaders appealed in person to the british prime minister neville chamberlain."	"on november 15, 1938, a few days after the events of november 9 and 10, 1938 (the anti-jewish pogrom known as ""kristallnacht""), a delegation of british jewish leaders appealed in person to the british prime minister neville chamberlain."
the cantata beautifully evokes the imagery of the pair of poems which later inspired a more famous concert overture by mendelssohn.	the cantata evokes the imagery of the pair of poems which later inspired a more famous concert overture by mendelssohn.
bolton is a large town in the north-west of england.	bolton is a town in the north-west of england.
kwicky koala (voiced by writer bob ogle) is similar to avery's popular droopy, except that kwicky can escape his pursuer wilford wolf (voiced by john stephenson impersonating paul lynde).	kwicky koala (voiced by writer bob ogle) is similar to avery's droopy, except that kwicky can escape his pursuer wilford wolf (voiced by john stephenson impersonating paul lynde).
edward's two sons were imprisoned and disappeared ( presumably killed) within a year of edward's death.	edward's two sons were imprisoned and disappeared ( presumed killed) within a year of edward's death.
"laak co-hosts a show called ""i bet you"" with his buddy antonio esfandiari where they can be found betting on any and all things."	"laak co-hosts a show called ""i bet you"" with his friend antonio esfandiari where they can be found betting on any and all things."
on release psychocandy received rave reviews.	on release psychocandy received favourable reviews.
newey's superb aerodynamics placed the car well ahead of the benetton b196s of gerhard berger and jean alesi and the ferrari f310s that michael schumacher and eddie irvine had at their disposal.	newey's aerodynamics placed the car well ahead of the benetton b196s of gerhard berger and jean alesi and the ferrari f310s that michael schumacher and eddie irvine had at their disposal.
however, it also proved extremely controversial at the time and ever since for its highly negative depiction of black americans and their supporters, and its positive portrayal of slavery and the ku klux klan.	however, it also proved extremely controversial at the time and ever since for its negative depiction of black americans and their supporters, and its positive portrayal of slavery and the ku klux klan.
the group consists of homosexuals who are also supporters of the republican party.	the group consists of gays and lesbians who are also supporters of the republican party.
children of men is loosely based on p.d.	children of men is based on p.d.
his acclaimed novel, the man in the high castle, bridged the genres of alternative history and science fiction, resulting in a hugo award for best novel in 1963. flow my tears, the policeman said, a novel about a celebrity who wakes up in a parallel universe where he is completely unknown, won the john w. campbell memorial award for best novel in 1975. in these stories, dick wrote about people he loved, placing them in fictional worlds where he questioned the reality of ideas and institutions.	his novel, the man in the high castle, bridged the genres of alternative history and science fiction, resulting in a hugo award for best novel in 1963. flow my tears, the policeman said, a novel about a celebrity who wakes up in a parallel universe where he is completely unknown, won the john w. campbell memorial award for best novel in 1975. in these stories, dick wrote about people he loved, placing them in fictional worlds where he questioned the reality of ideas and institutions.
"}}katherine lucy bridget ""kathy"" burke (born 13 june 1964) is an english actress, comedienne , playwright and theatre director."	"}}katherine lucy bridget ""kathy"" burke (born 13 june 1964) is an english actress, comedian , playwright and theatre director."
in 2004, he ran an unsuccessful bid for the presidency as the democratic party's nominee, soundly losing to incumbent president george w. bush.	in 2004, he ran an unsuccessful bid for the presidency as the democratic party's nominee, losing to incumbent president george w. bush.
"a highlight of the album was the epic-length ""achilles last stand"" featuring a driving bassline and thundering drums, melodic page riffs and a magnificent guitar solo."	"a highlight of the album was the epic-length ""achilles last stand"" featuring a driving bassline and thundering drums, melodic page riffs and a memorable guitar solo."
rugby league is a very minor sport in germany.	rugby league is a minor sport in germany.
"while praising panarin for announcing his own predictions back in 1998 and saying that his views now attract ""much more interest and respect"", a stockhouse.com author criticises him for basing his predictions on the officially listed u.s. foreign debt, and not their total debt which chris martenson detailed ($48 trillion in 2008, increased by $16 trillion in 5 years)."	"while praising panarin for announcing his own predictions back in 1998 and saying that his views now attract ""much more interest and respect"", a stockhouse.com author criticises him for basing his predictions on the officially listed u.s. foreign debt, and not their total debt which christopher martenson detailed ($48 trillion in 2008, increased by $16 trillion in 5 years)."
consciousness is an umbrella term that has been used to refer to a variety of aspects of the relationship between the mind and the world with which it interacts.	consciousness is an term that has been used to refer to a variety of aspects of the relationship between the mind and the world with which it interacts.
"al-qaeda (, ; ""the foundation"" or ""the base"") is a sunni islamist terrorist organization with the stated objective of eliminating foreign influence in muslim countries."	"al-qaeda (, ; ""the foundation"" or ""the base"") is a sunni islamist organization with the stated objective of eliminating foreign influence in muslim countries."
the yautja in predator: concrete jungle was classified as one because he made the stupid mistake of leaving behind a piece of yautja equipment on earth.	the yautja in predator: concrete jungle was classified as one because he made the mistake of leaving behind a piece of yautja equipment on earth.
the desktop linux consortium (dlc) is a non-profit organization which aims at enhancing and promoting the use of the gnu/ linux operating system on desktop computers.	the desktop linux consortium (dlc) is a non-profit organization which aims at enhancing and promoting the use of the linux operating system on desktop computers.
this is a selective list of scholarly works related to allama iqbal, the great poet-philosopher of the indian subcontinent.	this is a selective list of scholarly works related to allama iqbal , the poet-philosopher of the indian subcontinent.
durkin and at least one other supporter of the film have attacked individual scientists, or scientists in general, for their criticism of the film.	durkin and at least one other supporter of the film have responded individual scientists, or scientists in general, for their criticism of the film.
its teen-friendly tagline was: sleep all day.	its tagline was: sleep all day.
ronny turiaf received valuable playing time due to the many laker injuries during the 2007–08 season.	ronny turiaf received playing time due to the many laker injuries during the 2007–08 season.
however, no legal action was required to end production of the knockoff .	however, no legal action was required to end production of the other show .
tiburon is an affluent incorporated town in marin county, california.	tiburon is an incorporated town in marin county, california.
it is often reported that large numbers of so-called sex tourists use children involved in prostitution.	it is often reported that large numbers of sex tourists use children involved in prostitution.
her repertoire included neurotic, struggling comedienne luann lockhart.	her repertoire included neurotic, struggling comedian luann lockhart.
as usual in bresson's mature films, the trial of joan of arc stars non-professional performers and is filmed in an extremely spare, restrained style.	as usual in bresson's most renowned films, the trial of joan of arc stars non-professional performers and is filmed in an extremely spare, restrained style.
princess margaret was always a controversial member of the british royal family.	princess margaret was a controversial member of the british royal family.
unfortunately the imago label folded and promotion of harbinger was limited, affecting its sales.	the imago label folded and promotion of harbinger was limited, affecting its sales.
the talpiot tomb (or talpiyot tomb) is a tomb discovered in 1980 in the east talpiot israeli settlement five kilometers south of the old city of jerusalem, israel.	the talpiot tomb (or talpiyot tomb) is a tomb discovered in 1980 in the east talpiot israeli neighborhood five kilometers south of the old city of jerusalem, israel.
"in his response to blitzer's attempted rebuttal of the criticism, reviewer robert i. friedman stated, ""territory of lies is a slick piece of damage control that would make his blitzer's former employers at aipac (not to mention israel's defense ministry) proud."""	"in his response to blitzer's rebuttal of the criticism, reviewer robert i. friedman stated, ""territory of lies is a slick piece of damage control that would make his blitzer's former employers at aipac (not to mention israel's defense ministry) proud."""
the corporals killings is the name commonly given to the murder of two british army soldiers of the royal corps of signals, corporals david howes and derek wood, on march 19 1988. the soldiers were abducted and beaten by irish republicans, after they drove into the funeral of provisional irish republican army members volunteers killed in a loyalist attack.	the corporals killings is the name commonly given to the killing of two british army soldiers of the royal corps of signals, corporals david howes and derek wood, on march 19 1988. the soldiers were abducted and beaten by irish republicans, after they drove into the funeral of provisional irish republican army members volunteers killed in a loyalist attack.
in his youth he was fascinated by radio, then a marvellous new entertainment medium, and won an on-air talent competition in 1939. his early career included many acting jobs on australian radio before turning to television in the 1960s.	in his youth he was fascinated by radio, then a new entertainment medium, and won an on-air talent competition in 1939. his early career included many acting jobs on australian radio before turning to television in the 1960s.
the first drawings showed a supersonic aircraft strongly influenced by the hawker p.1154 in study in the united kingdom but with two r27-300 engines.	the first drawings showed a supersonic aircraft strongly resembling by the hawker p.1154 in study in the united kingdom but with two r27-300 engines.
it is generously estimated that some 50,000 british convicts were sent to colonial america, representing perhaps one-quarter of all british emigrants during the eighteenth century.	it is estimated that some 50,000 british convicts were sent to colonial america, representing perhaps one-quarter of all british emigrants during the eighteenth century.
dsn researches the political activities and financial supporters of its subjects and publicizes connections between prominent liberal figures and communist, socialist, arab terrorist and other organizations described as extremist by the group.	dsn claims to research the political activities and financial supporters of its subjects and publicizes connections between prominent liberal figures and communist, socialist, arab terrorist and other organizations described as extremist by the group.
those who reject the analogy argue that it is political slander intended to malign israel by singling it out, and say that legitimate israeli security needs justify the practices that prompt the analogy .	those who reject the analogy argue that it is political slander intended to malign israel by singling it out, and say that israeli security needs justify the practices that prompt the analogy .
china issued its first gold coins picturing an adorable panda design in 1982, in sizes of 1, 1/2, 1/4, and 1/10 troy oz.	china issued its first gold coins picturing an panda design in 1982, in sizes of 1, 1/2, 1/4, and 1/10 troy oz.
she did her ph.d. at cornell with developmental psychologist eleanor gibson, from whom she learned how to design elegant experiments on young children.	she did her ph.d. at cornell with developmental psychologist eleanor gibson, from whom she learned how to design experiments on young children.
in march, he revealed that he had recently been diagnosed with mononucleosis, and that he may have suffered from it since december 2007. federer also had an illness related to food poisoning prior to the start of the australian open.	in march, he claimed that he had recently been diagnosed with mononucleosis, and that he may have suffered from it since december 2007. federer also had an illness related to food poisoning prior to the start of the australian open.
the black book of communism: crimes, terror, repression is a controversial book authored by several leading european academics and senior researchers from cnrs, and edited by doctor stphane courtois.	the black book of communism: crimes, terror, repression is a controversial book authored by several european academics and senior researchers from cnrs, and edited by doctor stphane courtois.
these selfish special interests were too powerful, especially, senator lafollette noted, in the conservative wing of the republican party.	these special interests were too powerful, especially, senator lafollette noted, in the conservative wing of the republican party.
after receiving his undergraduate degree at johns hopkins university, house studied at johns hopkins' prestigious school of medicine until a classmate, phillip weber, turned house in for copying exam answers from him (cf.	after receiving his undergraduate degree at johns hopkins university, house studied at johns hopkins' school of medicine until a classmate, phillip weber, turned house in for copying exam answers from him (cf.
claire maybelle snyder (december 2, 1907 – may 22, 1960), also known as clara fuentes, clara phillips, dorathy fuentes as well as high pockets, was an american spy, entertainer, club owner, and author most noted for her heroic exploits in the japanese-occupied philippines.	claire maybelle snyder (december 2, 1907 – may 22, 1960), also known as clara fuentes, clara phillips, dorathy fuentes as well as high pockets, was an american spy, entertainer, club owner, and author most noted for her exploits in the japanese-occupied philippines.
the hungarian revolution of 1956 (october 23 — november 10) was a spontaneous nationwide revolt against the totalitarian communist government of hungary and its soviet imposed policies.	the hungarian revolution of 1956 (october 23 — november 10) was a spontaneous nationwide revolt against the communist government of hungary and its soviet imposed policies.
alperovitz is a political economist and revisionist historian whose articles have appeared in the new york times, the washington post, the los angeles times, the new republic, the nation, and the atlantic among other publications.	alperovitz is a political economist and historian whose articles have appeared in the new york times, the washington post, the los angeles times, the new republic, the nation, and the atlantic among other publications.
time off from work, also referred to by the anglocentric term holiday.	time off from work, also referred to by the term holiday.
blaze starr, 83, american stripper, burlesque comedienne and club owner, subject of blaze.	blaze starr, 83, american stripper, burlesque comedian and club owner, subject of blaze.
currently, studies have speculate that global warming may drive one quarter of all land animals and plants to extinction by 2050.	currently, studies have concluded that global warming may drive one quarter of all land animals and plants to extinction by 2050.
"a great video documentary by national geographic called ""the secret bible: rivals of jesus"" -- where apollonius is portrayed as christlike."	"a video documentary by national geographic called ""the secret bible: rivals of jesus"" -- where apollonius is portrayed as christlike."
in 1999, the law firm pacific justice institute (pji), that in 1997 had used unfounded allegations of witchcraft and satanism at waldorf schools to apply for money on plans' behalf from the evangelical organization alliance defense fund to finance the initiation of its law suit, in a press release claimed that the (secret) agenda of waldorf education is to train the pupils at waldorf schools to become the future leaders of the world.	in 1999, the law firm pacific justice institute (pji), that in 1997 had used allegations of witchcraft and satanism at waldorf schools to apply for money on plans' behalf from the evangelical organization alliance defense fund to finance the initiation of its law suit, in a press release claimed that the (secret) agenda of waldorf education is to train the pupils at waldorf schools to become the future leaders of the world.
later citing continued israeli control of the disputed shebaa farms region and the internment of lebanese prisoners in israel, hezbollah intensified its cross-border attacks, and used the tactic of seizing soldiers from israel as leverage for a prisoner exchange in 2004.	later citing continued israeli control of the occupied shebaa farms region and the internment of lebanese prisoners in israel, hezbollah intensified its cross-border attacks, and used the tactic of seizing soldiers from israel as leverage for a prisoner exchange in 2004.
at 09:30, one of the british submarines attacked southampton with two torpedoes, fortunately missing and in turn escaping when southampton tried to ram.	at 09:30, one of the british submarines attacked southampton with two torpedoes, missing and in turn escaping when southampton tried to ram.
within hours all servers were luckily back up.	within hours all servers were back up.
the rider negotiates man-made and natural obstacles without his/her feet touching the ground.	the rider negotiates man-made and natural obstacles without their feet touching the ground.
other minor candidates included david chernushenko of the greens and mike murphy of the conservatives, louis lang of the marxist-leninists, michael foster, stuart ryan of the communists, robert gauthier, and carla marie dancey.	other candidates included david chernushenko of the greens and mike murphy of the conservatives, louis lang of the marxist-leninists, michael foster, stuart ryan of the communists, robert gauthier, and carla marie dancey.
the city became a directly-controlled municipality of the republic of china (roc) in july 1929. nevertheless, tsingtao fell into the hands of the japanese once again in january 1938 and was taken back once again in september 1945. the city was liberated by chairman mao zedong and his troops on june 2, 1949, shortly before the founding of the peoples republic of china on october 1, 1949.	the city became a directly-controlled municipality of the republic of china (roc) in july 1929. nevertheless, tsingtao fell into the hands of the japanese once again in january 1938 and was taken back once again in september 1945. the city was occupied by chairman mao zedong and his troops on june 2, 1949, shortly before the founding of the peoples republic of china on october 1, 1949.
in 1811, the shawnee leader tecumseh, with the help of a prophetic comet and earthquake, convinced the delusioned muscogee to resist the efforts of american civilization.	in 1811, the shawnee leader tecumseh, with the help of a prophetic comet and earthquake, convinced the muscogee to resist the efforts of american civilization.
warren's innovative church growth methods led to rapid growth and the church has used nearly eighty different facilities in its 30-year history.	warren's church growth methods led to rapid growth and the church has used nearly eighty different facilities in its 30-year history.
since independence, pakistan has experienced times of significant military and economic growth, and times of instability, with the loss of east pakistan (present-day bangladesh).	since independence, pakistan has experienced times of significant military and economic growth, and times of instability, with the secession of east pakistan (present-day bangladesh).
during this time he began an affair with the then-lesbian comedienne jackie clune.	during this time he began an affair with the then-lesbian comedian jackie clune.
intriguingly the name ichthys was associated also with adonis, the central character in one of the 1st century mystery religions (specifically, the version used in syria).	the name ichthys was associated also with adonis, the central character in one of the 1st century mystery religions (specifically, the version used in syria).
by the year of 1563 masatada went on to fight at the battle of usuigatoge and musashi matsuyama, but was unfortunately killed a year later in what would be defined as rare for any standard samurai: a horse riding accident.	by the year of 1563 masatada went on to fight at the battle of usuigatoge and musashi matsuyama, but was killed a year later in what would be defined as rare for any standard samurai: a horse riding accident.
explorers creek opened in may 2009 and features three fantastic areas a water play area, a tropical bird house and a walk-through parrot feeding area.	explorers creek opened in may 2009 and features three areas a water play area, a tropical bird house and a walk-through parrot feeding area.
"some modern scholars, like shashibhusan das gupta have suggested that it may be derived either from sanskrit word vatula, which means ""enlightened, lashed by the wind to the point of losing one's sanity, god's madcap, detached from the world, and seeker of truth"", or from vyakula, which means ""restless, agitated"" and both of these derivations are consistent with the modern sense of the word, which denotes the inspired people with an ecstatic eagerness for a spiritual life, where a person can realise his union with the eternal beloved  the moner manush (the man of the heart)."	"some modern scholars, like shashibhusan das gupta have suggested that it may be derived either from sanskrit word vatula, which means ""enlightened, lashed by the wind to the point of losing one's sanity, god's madcap, detached from the world, and seeker of truth"", or from vyakula, which means ""restless, agitated"" and both of these derivations are consistent with the modern sense of the word, which denotes the inspired people with an ecstatic eagerness for a spiritual life, where a person can realise his union with the eternal beloved  the moner manush (the person of the heart)."
"hanabiko ""koko"" (born july 4, 1971) is a female western lowland gorilla who has supposedly been taught american sign language since 1972. according to francine ""penny"" patterson, her long-term trainer, she is able to understand more than 1,000 signs of what patterson calls ""gorilla sign language"" (gsl), which is based on american sign language,"	"hanabiko ""koko"" (born july 4, 1971) is a female western lowland gorilla who has been taught american sign language since 1972. according to francine ""penny"" patterson, her long-term trainer, she is able to understand more than 1,000 signs of what patterson calls ""gorilla sign language"" (gsl), which is based on american sign language,"
3 sea avenue was donated by a parishioner after his passing , as he had stated in his will to pass the deed of the building to the church.	3 sea avenue was donated by a parishioner after his death , as he had stated in his will to pass the deed of the building to the church.
al qunaytirah is also the name of a governorate of southwestern syria that includes the israeli occupied golan heights.	al qunaytirah is also the name of a governorate of southwestern syria that includes the israeli controlled golan heights.
it also may contain information on the events surrounding hurricane katrina.	it also may contain moore's signature opinionated commentary on the events surrounding hurricane katrina.
"donald ""don"" king (born december 3, 1932), is a flamboyant american boxing promoter."	"donald ""don"" king (born december 3, 1932), is a american boxing promoter."
a talented singer with a four-octave range, she recorded a demo album in 2002 titled preincarnate.	a singer with a four-octave range, she recorded a demo album in 2002 titled preincarnate.
all the remaining tribes except perhaps the romanized vlachs were slavicised in the course of the middle ages, while the albanians likely represent an instance of southern illyrian (or thraco-illyrian) continuity.	all the remaining tribes except perhaps the romanized vlachs were slavicised in the course of the middle ages, while the albanians may represent an instance of southern illyrian (or thraco-illyrian) continuity.
his articles reflect his flighty opinions on various football topics.	his articles reflect his opinions on various football topics.
it is based on the current index of the israel central bureau of statistics (cbs).	the list is based on the current index of the israel central bureau of statistics (cbs).
"the media recount study found that under the system of limited recounts in selected counties as was requested by the gore campaign, the only way that gore would have won was by using counting methods that were never requested by any party, including ""overvotes"" — spoiled ballots containing more than one vote for an office."	"the media recount study found that under the system of limited recounts in selected counties as was requested by the gore campaign, the only way that gore would have won was by using counting methods that were never requested by any party, including ""overvotes"" — ballots containing more than one vote for an office."
privacy concerns were also voiced by critics and advocates, as the operating system's default settings and certain features require the transmission of user data to microsoft or its trusted partners.	privacy concerns were also voiced by critics and advocates, as the operating system's default settings and certain features require the transmission of user data to microsoft or its partners.
its lyrics ask the listener to abandon three of mankind 's most cherished concepts: religion, nationhood, and possessions.	its lyrics ask the listener to abandon three of humankind 's most cherished concepts: religion, nationhood, and possessions.
both the american independent party of california and the independent american party of nevada are lead by zealous adherents of the teachings of mormon prophets joseph smith and brigham young.	both the american independent party of california and the independent american party of nevada are lead by adherents of the teachings of mormon prophets joseph smith and brigham young.
"gospel legend pastor shirley caesar recorded a stunning duet ""i know the truth"" with tonex in which she raps."	"gospel legend pastor shirley caesar recorded a duet ""i know the truth"" with tonex in which she raps."
the song is a subject of contention and accusations of theft among the countries where it is popular.	the song is a subject of contention and accusations of plagiarism among the countries where it is popular.
the red tint indicates it was an android owl.	the red tint indicates it was an replicant owl.
as a solution to current world problems he proposed creating large permanent groups of sidhas, practitioners performing their meditation programs to create the claimed maharishi effect.	as a solution to current world problems he proposed creating large permanent groups of sidhas, practitioners performing their meditation programs to create the maharishi effect.
child pornography is illegal in the us and is not looked at in terms of the typical guidelines of the first amendment, due to the false assumption that it always harms children when it is made, sold, and/or owned.	child pornography is illegal in the us and is not looked at in terms of the typical guidelines of the first amendment, due to the assumption that it always harms children when it is made, sold, and/or owned.
in the science fiction television series stargate sg-1, the goa'uld (pronounced go-ah-oold , commonly mispronounced or shortened to goold, or go-oold) are an evil race of sentient parasitic aliens bent on galactic domination, who can burrow into and take control of human hosts.	in the science fiction television series stargate sg-1, the goa'uld (pronounced go-ah-oold , commonly mispronounced or shortened to goold, or go-oold) are an race of sentient parasitic aliens bent on galactic domination, who can burrow into and take control of human hosts.
on april 15, 2004, acting on intelligence extracted from captured terrorists , lieutenant pantano led his platoon against a compound near the town of mahmudiyah.	on april 15, 2004, acting on intelligence extracted from captured insurgents , lieutenant pantano led his platoon against a compound near the town of mahmudiyah.
towers of london are a controversial punk rock band from london, england who formed in 2004. their music mixes elements of hard rock music with '77-style british punk.	towers of london are a punk rock band from london, england who formed in 2004. their music mixes elements of hard rock music with '77-style british punk.
don callis (born october 13) is a canadian former professional wrestler and manager, arguably best known for his appearances with the world wrestling federation as the jackyl, and extreme championship wrestling as color commentator cyrus.	don callis (born october 13) is a canadian former professional wrestler and manager, considered best known for his appearances with the world wrestling federation as the jackyl, and extreme championship wrestling as color commentator cyrus.
airing on the usa network, the series featured shalhoub as adrian monk, a brilliant detective with obsessive-compulsive disorder.	airing on the usa network, the series featured shalhoub as adrian monk, a detective with obsessive-compulsive disorder.
the soviet army liberated the town in july 1944.	the soviet army re-captured the town in july 1944.
"nobel-prize winning liberal economist paul krugman called it ""ridiculous and heartless"" due to a combination of income tax rate reductions (which he argued mainly benefit the wealthy) and large spending cuts that would affect the poor and middle classes."	"nobel-prize winning economist paul krugman called it ""ridiculous and heartless"" due to a combination of income tax rate reductions (which he argued mainly benefit the wealthy) and large spending cuts that would affect the poor and middle classes."
this policy was meant to reduce dialectal miscommunication, but had the unfortunate side effect of encouraging regionalistic tendencies.	this policy was meant to reduce dialectal miscommunication, but had the side effect of encouraging regionalistic tendencies.
the british isles are a group of islands off the northwest coast of continental europe consisting of great britain, ireland, and a number of smaller surrounding islands and islets.	the british isles is the british term, for a group of islands off the northwest coast of continental europe consisting of great britain, ireland, and a number of smaller surrounding islands and islets.
a report compiled by world war ii expert erik norberg which was commissioned by queen silvia concluded that her father had in fact helped a jewish businessman escape from germany by taking over the factory.	a report compiled by world war ii expert erik norberg which was commissioned by queen silvia argued that her father had in fact helped a jewish businessman escape from germany by taking over the factory.
following the tragic death of his birth mother when he was four months old, he lived with his grandmother in nigeria while his father emigrated to the uk.	following the death of his birth mother when he was four months old, he lived with his grandmother in nigeria while his father emigrated to the uk.
in the early 1980s, marilyn fischbach decided to take on three additional investors in the gallery, although she remained a partial owner until her death in 2003. one of the investors, beverly zagor, became an active partner until her passing in may 2011. another investor and active partner, lawrence l. dicarlo, is presently gallery director.	in the early 1980s, marilyn fischbach decided to take on three additional investors in the gallery, although she remained a partial owner until her death in 2003. one of the investors, beverly zagor, became an active partner until her death in may 2011. another investor and active partner, lawrence l. dicarlo, is presently gallery director.
the 8th battalion was serving with the 29th armoured brigade, part of the excellent 11th armoured division.	the 8th battalion was serving with the 29th armoured brigade, part of the 11th armoured division.
he came to prominence as bass player, founder member and songwriter from the famous pop/soul band wet wet wet - the band he formed with friends and fellow band members neil mitchell, tommy cunningham and marti pellow whilst attending clydebank high school.	he came to prominence as bass player, founder member and songwriter from the pop/soul band wet wet wet - the band he formed with friends and fellow band members neil mitchell, tommy cunningham and marti pellow whilst attending clydebank high school.
misconceptions that aids is a 'gay disease' brings injustice and pressure to the gay community.	the idea that aids is a 'gay disease' brings injustice and pressure to the gay community.
the chinese were also criticized by animal rights activists over their extreme eating habits after a video of diners eating a live fish became a hit on the internet.	the chinese were also criticized by animal rights activists over their eating habits after a video of diners eating a live fish became a hit on the internet.
the era between the founding of the han dynasty and wang mang's usurpation is known as the western han dynasty or former han dynasty (202 bce – 9 ce), when the capital was at chang'an (modern xi'an).	the era between the founding of the han dynasty and wang mang's reign is known as the western han dynasty or former han dynasty (202 bce – 9 ce), when the capital was at chang'an (modern xi'an).
there is currently no rail service in yorktown, but the stations of croton-harmon_metro-north_station or cortlandt_%28metro-north_station%29 are only 15-20 minutes away.	there is currently no rail service in yorktown, but the stations of croton-harmon_metro-north_station or cortlandt_%28metro-north_station%29 are 15-20 minutes away.
this is a list of characters from the japanese anime series bakugan battle brawlers and its suceeding series bakugan: new vestroia.	this is a list of characters from the japanese anime series bakugan battle brawlers and its series bakugan: new vestroia.
since mexican laws establish that an individual may take legal possession of a property after 5 years of peaceful occupation, many paracaidistas establish themselves with the hope that the legitimate owner will not discover them and expel them before 5 years.	since mexican laws establish that an individual may take legal possession of a property after 5 years of peaceful occupation, many paracaidistas establish themselves with the hope that the legal owner will not discover them and expel them before 5 years.
it also features a delicious krispy kreme donut shop right near the entrance.	it also features a krispy kreme donut shop right near the entrance.
a progressive stack is a bigoted technique used to give marginalized groups greater chance to speak.	a progressive stack is a technique used to give marginalized groups greater chance to speak.
areas of funding include think tanks, political advocacy, climate change denial , higher education scholarships, cancer research, arts, and science.	areas of funding include think tanks, political advocacy, climate change skepticism , higher education scholarships, cancer research, arts, and science.
"on his radio show in august 2010, far-right commentator rush limbaugh said: ""marriage?"	"on his radio show in august 2010, commentator rush limbaugh said: ""marriage?"
the organization has been criticized for distributing propaganda to children.	the organization has been criticized for distributing graphic pamphlets to children.
trans-ethnic marriages and concubinates have been common and somehow well accepted ever since the first portuguese settlers arrived.	trans-ethnic marriages and concubinates have been common and well accepted ever since the first portuguese settlers arrived.
jo enright, comedienne appeared in phoenix nights, lab rats, time trumpet, peter kay's britain's got the pop factor..., i'm alan partridge	jo enright, comedian, appeared in phoenix nights, lab rats, time trumpet, peter kay's britain's got the pop factor..., i'm alan partridge
the guardian has been noted for a number of other outbursts .	the guardian has been noted for a number of other controversies .
precise modern models of the big bang appeal to various exotic physical phenomena that have not yet been observed in terrestrial laboratory experiments or incorporated into the standard model of particle physics.	precise modern models of the big bang appeal to various exotic physical phenomena that have not been observed in terrestrial laboratory experiments or incorporated into the standard model of particle physics.
the native american forces, numbering about 1,500, were composed of blue jacket's shawnees, buckongahelas's delawares, miamis led by little turtle, wyandots, ojibwas, ottawas, potawatomis, mingos, and a british company of white canadian militiamen under captain alexander mckillop.	the native american forces, numbering about 1,500, were composed of blue jacket's shawnees, buckongahelas's delawares, miamis led by little turtle, wyandots, ojibwas, ottawas, potawatomis, mingos, and a british company of canadian militiamen under captain alexander mckillop.
but he lived on for half a century, changing his manner so drastically that some critics still refuse to believe that his early and later pieces could have been produced by the same man.	but he lived on for half a century, changing his manner so drastically that some critics refuse to believe that his early and later pieces could have been produced by the same man.
in february 2006, ms. priest was awarded the prestigious george polk award for national reporting for her november 2005 article on secret cia detention facilities in foreign countries.	in february 2006, ms. priest was awarded the george polk award for national reporting for her november 2005 article on secret cia detention facilities in foreign countries.
in april 2009, a controversial game called baby shaker was approved for the app store then later removed due to complaints.	in april 2009, a game called baby shaker was approved for the app store then later removed due to complaints.
one is a burlesque group, led by the saucy comedienne zerbinetta.	one is a burlesque group, led by the saucy comedian zerbinetta.
"the album was recorded in a makeshift studio with traditional rajasthani musicians and features four collaborations, including multicultural mash-ups of marling's spirited ""devil's spoke"" and mumford & sons' ""to darkness."""	"the album was recorded in a makeshift studio with traditional rajasthani musicians and features four collaborations, including multicultural mash-ups of marling's ""devil's spoke"" and mumford & sons' ""to darkness."""
beginning on june 16 to june 27, 2011, the songs from 4 were available to listen to in full each day on knowles' official website, paired with its accompanying photo spread from the album packaging and an insightful quote.	beginning on june 16 to june 27, 2011, the songs from 4 were available to listen to in full each day on knowles' official website, paired with its accompanying photo spread from the album packaging and an quote.
the rennsteig cycle way was opened in 2000. this designated outstanding high-grade hiking and bike trail runs along the ridge of the thuringian central uplands.	the rennsteig cycle way was opened in 2000. this designated high-grade hiking and bike trail runs along the ridge of the thuringian central uplands.
however, in 2006-2016, computers are acknowledged to have beat men in chess.	however, in 2006-2016, computers are acknowledged to have beat humans in chess.
the squad brutally murder four israeli civilians, including three members of one family: danny haran and his children, einat haran (age four) and yael haran (age two).	the squad murder four israeli civilians, including three members of one family: danny haran and his children, einat haran (age four) and yael haran (age two).
the 1st xv have reached the final of the subsidiary shield competition of the ulster schools cup on three occasions in 1981, 1991 and 1992, but unfortunately lost on each occasion.	the 1st xv have reached the final of the subsidiary shield competition of the ulster schools cup on three occasions in 1981, 1991 and 1992, but lost on each occasion.
the crucifix emphasizes jesus' sacrifice his death by crucifixion, which christians believe brought about the redemption of mankind .	the crucifix emphasizes jesus' sacrifice his death by crucifixion, which christians believe brought about the redemption of humankind .
the confrontation resulted in widespread rioting and demonstrations across the city, with hundreds of hooligans engaging riot police with molotov cocktails and damaging property.	the confrontation resulted in widespread rioting and demonstrations across the city, with hundreds of youth engaging riot police with molotov cocktails and damaging property.
yunbunam, as magnetic island was known by the island's traditional owners , had a semi-permanent population of australian aborigines well before european exploration of the area.	yunbunam, as magnetic island was known by the island's traditional inhabitants , had a semi-permanent population of australian aborigines well before european exploration of the area.
a package hence contains only the files that are different and not the entire folder, which makes it a perfect tool to keep non-connected computers synchronized (e.g.	a package hence contains only the files that are different and not the entire folder, which makes it a tool to keep non-connected computers synchronized (e.g.
in 1999, the submarine hmas sheean was named in his honour, and efforts have been made to have sheean belatedly awarded the victoria cross for australia.	in 1999, the submarine hmas sheean was named in his honour, and efforts have been made to have sheean awarded the victoria cross for australia.
some denialists believe that the srebrenica massacre was not genocide.	some commentators believe that the srebrenica massacre was not genocide.
later, it was reported by the vietnamese press that a khmer singer had even copied the dance during a televised performance.	later, it was reported by the vietnamese press that a khmer singer had copied the dance during a televised performance.
prior to his contract with victor, amato had cut a series of discs in italy for fonotipia records.	prior to his contract with victor, amato had made a series of discs in italy for fonotipia records.
the advantages of straight coiling cable are that it will not produce knots when uncoiling and is easily taught and therefore can be accomplished by untrained assistance.	the advantages of straight coiling cable are that it will not produce knots when uncoiling and is easily taught and therefore can be accomplished by easily assistance.
ciccariello-maher has commented in the mainstream media about venezuela's bolivarian revolution, the role of white supremacy in the murders of trayvon martin, mike brown, freddie gray and philando castile, the ferguson unrest and 2015 baltimore protests, and the abolition of the police.	ciccariello-maher has commented in the mainstream media about venezuela's bolivarian revolution, the role of white supremacy in the killings of trayvon martin, mike brown, freddie gray and philando castile, the ferguson unrest and 2015 baltimore protests, and the abolition of the police.
israel kidnaps hamas leader in ramallah raid.	israel captures hamas leader in ramallah raid.
though tony stated that he would give up racing after the 2006 season, he sadly announced his early retirement from both world championship and domestic speedway on 1 august 2006 at a press conference in stockholm, in order to pursue his interest in racing cars instead.	though tony stated that he would give up racing after the 2006 season, he announced his early retirement from both world championship and domestic speedway on 1 august 2006 at a press conference in stockholm, in order to pursue his interest in racing cars instead.
a few days earlier, the former us ambassador to the un, john bolton had called for bombing of iran at a fringe meeting of the conservative party conference.	a few days earlier, the former us ambassador to the un, john bolton had called for bombing of iran at a meeting of the conservative party conference.
unfortunately , they have been organized by the controversial dacomanic group around napoleon svescu, thus making the term dacology synonymous with protochronism in this ambiance.	however , they have been organized by the controversial dacomanic group around napoleon svescu, thus making the term dacology synonymous with protochronism in this ambiance.
"also, bandler insists ""spiritualism"" and ""psychic energy"" are strictly poetic or metaphoric (see example, richard bandler, foreward - p.xi, therapeutic metaphor, david gordon, 1978)."	"also, bandler states that ""spiritualism"" and ""psychic energy"" are strictly poetic or metaphoric (see example, richard bandler, foreward - p.xi, therapeutic metaphor, david gordon, 1978)."
an interesting subplot involves edgar allan poe, one of the deceased staying in death's home, who apparently has a crush on despair, his muse.	an subplot involves edgar allan poe, one of the deceased staying in death's home, who apparently has a crush on despair, his muse.
"haddock remained without a christian name until the last completed story, ""tintin and the picaros"" (1974), when the name ""archibald"" was suggested."	"haddock remained without a first name until the last completed story, ""tintin and the picaros"" (1974), when the name ""archibald"" was suggested."
the lds leader joseph smith, jr. was martyred in the county seat of carthage in 1844. most mormons left hancock county in the 1840s.	the lds leader joseph smith, jr. was killed in the county seat of carthage in 1844. most mormons left hancock county in the 1840s.
according to tradition, king harald fairhair united norway in 872. around this time, a simple runic alphabet was used.	according to tradition, king harald fairhair united norway in 872. around this time, a runic alphabet was used.
the pakistani army and its notorious intelligence wing, the isi, have accused foreign interference in balochistan's affairs, without directly responding to allegations against themselves for allowing the banned terrorist organizations to operate freely and with complete impunity.	the pakistani army and its intelligence wing, the isi, have accused foreign interference in balochistan's affairs, without directly responding to allegations against themselves for allowing the banned terrorist organizations to operate freely and with complete impunity.
brangre vattier was a french comedienne .	brangre vattier was a french comedian.
vaithalingam was very close to his wife, and left his high society life for a spiritual undertaking and much subdued persona following her passing .	vaithalingam was very close to his wife, and left his high society life for a spiritual undertaking and much subdued persona following her death .
the bigger part of the territory remained under moroccan occupation .	the bigger part of the territory remained under moroccan control .
rumors abounded that the root cause was enigk's sudden conversion to christianity.	rumors abounded that the root cause was enigk's recent conversion to christianity.
"a popular print ad by the center criticizing peta president's statement that opposed animal research to cure aids, recognizing this as an ""extremist agenda""."	"a print ad by the center criticizing peta president's statement that opposed animal research to cure aids, recognizing this as an ""extremist agenda""."
history of general hospital refers to the long-running american soap opera general hospital.	history of general hospital refers to the american soap opera general hospital.
self-interested advocates of private student loans suggest that they combine the best elements of the different government loans into one: they generally offer higher loan limits than federal student loans, ensuring the student is not left with a budget gap.	advocates of private student loans suggest that they combine the best elements of the different government loans into one: they generally offer higher loan limits than federal student loans, ensuring the student is not left with a budget gap.
only 19 survived the wreck, making it the worst shipwreck on the pacific coast of the united states up to that time.	only 19 survived the wreck, making it the deadliest shipwreck on the pacific coast of the united states up to that time.
russia reluctantly signed the chemical weapons convention on january 13, 1993 and ratified it on november 5, 1997. russia declared an arsenal of 40,000 tons of chemical weapons in 1997.	russia signed the chemical weapons convention on january 13, 1993 and ratified it on november 5, 1997. russia declared an arsenal of 40,000 tons of chemical weapons in 1997.
she was involved with the 2007 de anza rape investigation, as one of three women soccer players who courageously interrupted the gang rape.	she was involved with the 2007 de anza rape investigation, as one of three women soccer players who interrupted the gang rape.
jeremy clarkson, far-famed presenter in top gear and a writer who specialises in motoring.	jeremy clarkson, presenter in top gear and a writer who specialises in motoring.
debra wilson (born 1962), american comedienne and actress	debra wilson (born 1962), american comedian and actress
in addition to these two music videos, an alternate music video for the b-side was filmed featuring comedienne naomi watanabe in place of riisa naka as zebra queen.	in addition to these two music videos, an alternate music video for the b-side was filmed featuring comedian naomi watanabe in place of riisa naka as zebra queen.
he served as a school administrator in leading public and private schools in the new york city metropolitan area.	he served as a school administrator in public and private schools in the new york city metropolitan area.
an analyst recently announced to retailers like gamestop that for the american release, stores would only get between 200,000 - 250,000 units rather than the 400,000 they promised would ship for launch day.	an analyst recently announced to retailers like gamestop that for the american release, stores would only get between 200,000 - 250,000 units rather than the 400,000 they had previously suggested would ship for launch day.
"noted for portraying characters with vast sex appeal, she often appears in magazine lists of ""most beautiful"" and ""sexiest"" women."	"noted for portraying characters with sex appeal, she often appears in magazine lists of ""most beautiful"" and ""sexiest"" women."
vox is an american news and opinion website owned by vox media.	vox is a center-left american news and opinion website owned by vox media.
amla is easily recognisable due to his luxuriant under-the-chin beard.	amla is easily recognisable due to his large under-the-chin beard.
because of the the social media campaigns the number of dogs murdered have steadily decreased since 2013 from over 10,000 to 1,000.	because of the the social media campaigns the number of dogs slaughtered have steadily decreased since 2013 from over 10,000 to 1,000.
during the great uprising (1936-1939) of the arabs in palestine, in which more than 320 jews were killed in arab attacks, the irgun in turn carried out numerous attacks against arabs, which are believed to have killed at least 250. irgun's tactics, which included bus and marketplace bombings, was condemned by both the british mandate authorities and the mainstream zionist leadership, the jewish agency.	during the great uprising (1936-1939) of the arabs in palestine, in which more than 320 jews were killed in arab attacks, the irgun in turn carried out attacks against arabs, which are believed to have killed at least 250. irgun's tactics, which included bus and marketplace bombings, was condemned by both the british mandate authorities and the mainstream zionist leadership, the jewish agency.
in response, congress passed the force acts in 187071. one of these, the civil rights act of 1871, permitted the president to suspend habeas corpus if conspiracies against federal authority were so violent that they could not be checked by ordinary means.	in response, congress passed the enforcement acts in 187071. one of these, the civil rights act of 1871, permitted the president to suspend habeas corpus if conspiracies against federal authority were so violent that they could not be checked by ordinary means.
zianon pazniak (, born april 24, 1944) is a belarusian patriotic politician, one of the founders of the belarusian popular front and leader of the christian conservative party of the bpf.	zianon pazniak (, born april 24, 1944) is a belarusian politician, one of the founders of the belarusian popular front and leader of the christian conservative party of the bpf.
witnesses are told they are under a biblical command to engage in public preaching.	witnesses are taught they are under a biblical command to engage in public preaching.
chowdhury mueen-uddin (bengali: ), a citizen of the united kingdom, chairman of muslim aid, vice-chairman of east london mosque and london muslim centre was allegedly involved in war crimes during liberation war of bangladesh in 1971. he was the operations-in-charge of al-badr.	chowdhury mueen-uddin (bengali: ), a citizen of the united kingdom, chairman of muslim aid, vice-chairman of east london mosque and london muslim centre was involved in war crimes during liberation war of bangladesh in 1971. he was the operations-in-charge of al-badr.
"the animosity among fans (that fortunately only rarely escalates to violence) is summed up in the lines from the song ""the ballad of the south side irish,"" echoing sentiments often expressed by at least one side of any number of sports rivalries in america: ""when it comes to baseball i've got two favorite clubs, the 'go-go white sox'...and whoever plays the cubs."""	"the animosity among fans (that only rarely escalates to violence) is summed up in the lines from the song ""the ballad of the south side irish,"" echoing sentiments often expressed by at least one side of any number of sports rivalries in america: ""when it comes to baseball i've got two favorite clubs, the 'go-go white sox'...and whoever plays the cubs."""
he served as leader of the lafayette vigilante committee, which formed to disperse justice to those who paid off juries or perjured witnesses.	he served as leader of the lafayette vigilante committee, which formed to dispense justice to those who paid off juries or perjured witnesses.
the association facilitates grassroots student collectives that organise around both student issues and wider social issues, such as education, queer rights, womyn 's rights, the campus media and the environment.	the association facilitates grassroots student collectives that organise around both student issues and wider social issues, such as education, queer rights, women 's rights, the campus media and the environment.
the regiment then stormed the la anita and menndez behety estancias and some 80 ranch owners and their families as well as captured policemen and other civilians are liberated in the operation and around 500 captured strikers executed.	the regiment then stormed the la anita and menndez behety estancias and some 80 ranch owners and their families as well as captured policemen and other civilians are released in the operation and around 500 captured strikers executed.
the seven sisters are seven prestigious liberal arts colleges in the northeastern united states that are historically women's colleges.	the seven sisters are seven liberal arts colleges in the northeastern united states that are historically women's colleges.
extremists take to the street in support of ayatollah khomeini.	protestors take to the street in support of ayatollah khomeini.
the sarmiento house is located in the northern buenos aires suburb of tigre and was the elder statesman's former residence, from 1855 until his passing in 1888. it was declared a national historic monument in 1966.	the sarmiento house is located in the northern buenos aires suburb of tigre and was the elder statesman's former residence, from 1855 until his death in 1888. it was declared a national historic monument in 1966.
"it was justly described by gamal abdel-nasser as ""someone who didn't own (palestine) promised it to someone who didn't deserve (it)"" "" ."	"it was described by gamal abdel-nasser as ""someone who didn't own (palestine) promised it to someone who didn't deserve (it)"" "" ."
"the list of inductees includes: (for 2006) actor jim nabors; (for 2004) actress / comedian brett butler and actor johnny mack brown; (for 2003) director / producer tom cherones and singer / actor nat king cole; (for 2002) actor george ""goober"" lindsey, actor dean jones, composer / lyricist hugh martin; (for 2001) author truman capote, singer / actress rebecca luker and the film to kill a mockingbird; (for 2000) actress lois wilson, singer / actress nell carter, actress polly holliday and film director john badham; (for 1999) actress tallulah bankhead, actress / comedienne / author fannie flagg and philanthropists and patrons of the arts mr. and mrs. winton m. blount."	"the list of inductees includes: (for 2006) actor jim nabors; (for 2004) actress / comedian brett butler and actor johnny mack brown; (for 2003) director / producer tom cherones and singer / actor nat king cole; (for 2002) actor george ""goober"" lindsey, actor dean jones, composer / lyricist hugh martin; (for 2001) author truman capote, singer / actress rebecca luker and the film to kill a mockingbird; (for 2000) actress lois wilson, singer / actress nell carter, actress polly holliday and film director john badham; (for 1999) actress tallulah bankhead, actress / comedian / author fannie flagg and philanthropists and patrons of the arts mr. and mrs. winton m. blount."
"chinese has a bewildering number of dialects, the most prominent being various forms of cantonese in the west due to the chinese diaspora the second most prominent is mandarin, but dialects wu, shanghainese, hokkien and teochew are among those which also have sounds that have been transliterated to ""ch"" in english."	"chinese has a number of dialects, the most prominent being various forms of cantonese in the west due to the chinese diaspora the second most prominent is mandarin, but dialects wu, shanghainese, hokkien and teochew are among those which also have sounds that have been transliterated to ""ch"" in english."
over 1,000 startups and investors have signed an open letter to pai opposing the proposal.	over 1,000 startups and investors signed an open letter to pai opposing the proposal.
"unscrupulous investigations (like one done by msnbc dateline in 2003-04) also suggest that much of the money being earned by the high-level distributors in some organizations was coming from the ""tools"" business rather than by selling the products of quixtar."	"undercover investigations (like one done by msnbc dateline in 2003-04) also suggest that much of the money being earned by the high-level distributors in some organizations was coming from the ""tools"" business rather than by selling the products of quixtar."
the peabody institute of the johns hopkins university is a renowned conservatory and preparatory school located in the mount vernon neighborhood of baltimore, maryland at the corner of charles and monument streets at mount vernon place.	the peabody institute of the johns hopkins university is a conservatory and preparatory school located in the mount vernon neighborhood of baltimore, maryland at the corner of charles and monument streets at mount vernon place.
by comparison, all words in ido take on characteristic ido finals and spellings .	by comparison, all words in ido take on characteristic ido finals and orthographies .
beginning in the late 19th century, it was revived as an everyday spoken language by jews in palestine and europe as zionism emerged as a political movement and jews began returning to palestine in increasing numbers, and it became the lingua franca of the growing jewish community there.	beginning in the late 19th century, it was revived as an everyday spoken language by jews in palestine and europe as zionism emerged as a political movement and jews began moving to palestine in increasing numbers, and it became the lingua franca of the growing jewish community there.
his great work analyzes faroese language, literature, and culture, but also as a poet is he one of the most important in faroese literature.	his extensive work analyzes faroese language, literature, and culture, but also as a poet is he one of the most important in faroese literature.
during world war ii, salazar steered portugal down a middle path, but nevertheless provided aid to the allies: naval bases on portuguese territory were granted to britain, in keeping with the ancient anglo-portuguese alliance, and the united states, letting them use terceira island in the azores as a military base; although he only agreed to this after the alternative of an american takeover by force of the islands was made clear to him by the british.	during world war ii, salazar steered portugal down a middle path, but nevertheless provided aid to the allies: naval bases on portuguese territory were granted to britain, in keeping with the traditional anglo-portuguese alliance, and the united states, letting them use terceira island in the azores as a military base; although he only agreed to this after the alternative of an american takeover by force of the islands was made clear to him by the british.
because of a harvard university study, the hadza people have served as a model for the dawn of modern social networking, on how our ancestors may have formed ties with kin and non-kin based on shared attributes, contributing to the necessary evolution in cooperative processes needed for today's civilizations social groups to thrive.	because of a harvard university study, the hadza people have served as a model for the dawn of modern social networking, on how human ancestors may have formed ties with kin and non-kin based on shared attributes, contributing to the necessary evolution in cooperative processes needed for today's civilizations social groups to thrive.
they are pledged to a strict code of ethics and standards of practice, which includes duties to clients, the public, and other realtors.	they are pledged to a code of ethics and standards of practice, which includes duties to clients, the public, and other realtors.
colleen celeste camp (born june 7, 1953) is an american character actress, comedienne , and producer, best known for her performances in two installments of the police academy series, and as yvette the maid in the 1985 comedy clue.	colleen celeste camp (born june 7, 1953) is an american character actress, comedian , and producer, best known for her performances in two installments of the police academy series, and as yvette the maid in the 1985 comedy clue.
the film was never issued on vhs or dvd by universal, but finally received a blu-ray release from shout!	the film was never issued on vhs or dvd by universal, but received a blu-ray release from shout!
in november 2005 he was suprisingly named the second best player in europe, losing out in the european footballer of the year awards to the brazilian midfielder ronaldinho.	in november 2005 he was named the second best player in europe, losing out in the european footballer of the year awards to the brazilian midfielder ronaldinho.
in response to a murder and anti-gay legislation to ban same-sex couples in the state from adopting children, a statewide gay rights organization was formed in march of 2000. first called mississippi gay lobby, it changed its name in 2001 to the more inclusive equality mississippi.	in response to a murder and legislation to ban same-sex couples in the state from adopting children, a statewide gay rights organization was formed in march of 2000. first called mississippi gay lobby, it changed its name in 2001 to the more inclusive equality mississippi.
unfortunately the area suffers from low formal educational attainment as the number of five or more gcse's at grade c or above is below average in comparison to both the national average and the nottingham city average.	the area suffers from low formal educational attainment as the number of five or more gcse's at grade c or above is below average in comparison to both the national average and the nottingham city average.
it was, therefore, providential that, just at the time when the midrash was paramount, the close study of the text of the bible, at least in one direction, was pursued with rare energy and perseverance by the careful masorites, who set themselves to preserving and transmitting the pronunciation and correct reading of the text.	it was, therefore, providential that, just at the time when the midrash was paramount, the close study of the text of the bible, at least in one direction, was pursued with rare energy and perseverance by the masorites, who set themselves to preserving and transmitting the pronunciation and correct reading of the text.
sabathia will not play in the 2015 postseason due to his entering an alcohol rehabilitation center after finally admitting that he is an alcoholic.	sabathia will not play in the 2015 postseason due to his entering an alcohol rehabilitation center after admitting that he is an alcoholic.
anita (christina lindberg) is a 16-year old nymphet who has a hard time with relationships.	anita (christina lindberg) is a 16-year old girl who has a hard time with relationships.
elizabeth davidson fraser (born 29 august 1963) also known as liz fraser is a scottish singer best known as the vocalist for the pioneer alternative rock group cocteau twins.	elizabeth davidson fraser (born 29 august 1963) also known as liz fraser is a scottish singer best known as the vocalist for the alternative rock group cocteau twins.
he would serve in government positions until bangladesh's independence in 1971, a revolution in which he was instrumental (as an honorary colonel in the bengal rifles state guard).	he would serve in government positions until bangladesh's independence in 1971, a revolution in which he was personally involved (as an honorary colonel in the bengal rifles state guard).
etaoin shrdlu, or a portion of the phrase, is the name of a character in many works of fiction, including: elmer rice's 1923 play the adding machine, charles g. finney's the circus of dr. lao, crockett johnson's comic strip barnaby, bill holman's comic strip smokey stover, walt kelly's comic strip pogo, and the novel psychoshop by roger zelazny and alfred bester.	etaoin shrdlu, or a portion of the phrase, is the name of a character in works of fiction, including: elmer rice's 1923 play the adding machine, charles g. finney's the circus of dr. lao, crockett johnson's comic strip barnaby, bill holman's comic strip smokey stover, walt kelly's comic strip pogo, and the novel psychoshop by roger zelazny and alfred bester.
members of the ahmadiyya (also known as the qadiani and mirzai) movement are followers of mirza ghulam ahmad, who is the mujaddid of the 14th islamic century, the promised messiah (second coming of christ) and mahdi, as well as the likeness of krishna, and the readvent of muhammad and the likeness of other islamic prophets.	members of the ahmadiyya (also known as the qadiani and mirzai) movement are followers of mirza ghulam ahmad, who claimed to be the mujaddid of the 14th islamic century, the promised messiah (second coming of christ) and mahdi, as well as the likeness of krishna, and the readvent of muhammad and the likeness of other islamic prophets.
"his biggest international success was ""happiness is just around the bend"" in 1983, which has in recent times been sampled by several r&b artists, as well as hitting the charts again as a remix by uk hardcore rave pranksters/genii altern-8 in 1991."	"his biggest international success was ""happiness is just around the bend"" in 1983, which has in recent times been sampled by several r&b artists, as well as hitting the charts again as a remix by uk hardcore rave group altern-8 in 1991."
russ cargill, head of the epa, presents five options to president schwarzenegger to keep springfield's pollution contained; he randomly picks the action of enclosing springfield in a massive glass dome.	russ cargill, head of the epa, presents five options to president schwarzenegger to keep springfield's pollution contained; he randomly picks the action of enclosing springfield in a large glass dome.
some have argued that the success of foundation trusts has been due to other factors.	some have argued that the success associated with foundation trusts has been due to other factors.
consequently, square enix wisely opted to have jade of sweetbox to perform the english versions of the final fantasy x-2 vocal songs.	consequently, square enix opted to have jade of sweetbox to perform the english versions of the final fantasy x-2 vocal songs.
answers in genesis rejects evolutionary conjectures regarding cosmology, geology, linguistics , paleontology and evolutionary biology in favour of worldview which sees the universe, the earth and life originating within the last 6,000+ years.	answers in genesis rejects evolutionary theories regarding cosmology, geology, linguistics , paleontology and evolutionary biology in favour of worldview which sees the universe, the earth and life originating within the last 6,000+ years.
the rousing single sold more than a half-million copies and reached no.	the single sold more than a half-million copies and reached no.
elise cavanna (19021963), american film actress, stage comedienne , dancer, and artist	elise cavanna (19021963), american film actress, stage comedian , dancer, and artist
tigres de la universidad autnoma de nuevo len, often known only as tigres or uanl, is a popular mexican professional football club that plays in the primera divisin.	tigres de la universidad autnoma de nuevo len, often known only as tigres or uanl, is a mexican professional football club that plays in the primera divisin.
it was finally repealed by the magnuson act on december 17, 1943.	it was repealed by the magnuson act on december 17, 1943.
it was in this capacity that he represented the holy see at various un conferences, including the infamous 1994 cairo conference on birth control.	it was in this capacity that he represented the holy see at various un conferences, including the 1994 cairo conference on birth control.
marc broussard, accomplished musician	marc broussard, musician
the school's swimming facility has its own offices, weightroom (apart from the excellent weightroom that the rest of the school uses), and two swimming pools (one olympic-sized).	the school's swimming facility has its own offices, weightroom (apart from the weightroom that the rest of the school uses), and two swimming pools (one olympic-sized).
since a monster in viking times did not seem convincing to mccain at the time, he shelved the idea until 1998. that year, mccain fortunately met dirk blackman, an experienced hollywood screenwriter who studied at columbia university, who re-designed the story to carry science fiction elements and re-identified the characters to distance them from their beowulf origins.	since a monster in viking times did not seem convincing to mccain at the time, he shelved the idea until 1998. that year, mccain met dirk blackman, an experienced hollywood screenwriter who studied at columbia university, who re-designed the story to carry science fiction elements and re-identified the characters to distance them from their beowulf origins.
death's door is the eighteenth episode of the fifth series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and diana rigg, and guest starring clifford evans, allan cuthbertson, william lucas, and marne maitland.	death's door is the eighteenth episode of the fifth series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and diana rigg, and guest starring clifford evans, allan cuthbertson, william lucas, and marne maitland.
the grand duchy of luxembourg , also spelled luxemburg, is a small landlocked country in western europe, bordered by belgium, france, and germany.	the grand duchy of luxembourg , historically spelled luxemburg, is a small landlocked country in western europe, bordered by belgium, france, and germany.
during beckenbauer's tenure at bayern munich, the club won three league championships in a row from 1972 to 1974 and also an astonishing hat-trick of european cup wins (197476) which earned the club the honour of keeping the trophy permanently.	during beckenbauer's tenure at bayern munich, the club won three league championships in a row from 1972 to 1974 and also an hat-trick of european cup wins (197476) which earned the club the honour of keeping the trophy permanently.
the first board of governors was comprised of 15 leading professionals from a cross-section of safety disciplines.	the first board of governors was comprised of 15 professionals from a cross-section of safety disciplines.
in 2003, acs kampar celebrated its 100 years of excellence in wholesome education.	in 2003, acs kampar celebrated its 100 years of excellence in education.
weisbrot is also the president of just foreign policy, a left-leaning non-governmental organization dedicated to reforming united states foreign policy.	weisbrot is also the president of just foreign policy, a non-governmental organization dedicated to reforming united states foreign policy.
release of this game raised major controversies in poland, where the conservative ministry of education raised questions concerning its appropriateness for minors (it's rated 16+) because of the themes of child violence and sexuality.	release of this game raised controversies in poland, where the conservative ministry of education raised questions concerning its appropriateness for minors (it's rated 16+) because of the themes of child violence and sexuality.
both nations are members of nato and the francophonie and importantly both were founding members of the european union.	both nations are members of nato and the francophonie and both were founding members of the european union.
journalist and libertarian ideologue john stossel wrote an article in the wall street journal that claimed julie pierce's husband, tracy, featured in sicko, would not have been saved by the bone marrow transplant denied by his insurer.	journalist and libertarian john stossel wrote an article in the wall street journal that claimed julie pierce's husband, tracy, featured in sicko, would not have been saved by the bone marrow transplant denied by his insurer.
nicaea was convoked by the emperor constantine in mayaugust 325 to address the arian heresy that christ is of a distinct substance from the father.	nicaea was convoked by the emperor constantine in mayaugust 325 to address the arian position that christ is of a distinct substance from the father.
"1081) (/mihailo vojislavljevi) was the serbian ruler of duklja, from 1050 to 1081 initially as a byzantine vassal holding the title of protospatharios, then after 1077 as nominally serving pope gregory vii, addressed as ""king of the slavs""."	"1081) (/mihailo vojislavljevi) was the ruler of duklja, from 1050 to 1081 initially as a byzantine vassal holding the title of protospatharios, then after 1077 as nominally serving pope gregory vii, addressed as ""king of the slavs""."
the first comcon-2 chief was infamous rudolf sikorski (until 2178 ad) and after that - his apprentice, maxim kammerer.	the first comcon-2 chief was rudolf sikorski (until 2178 ad) and after that - his apprentice, maxim kammerer.
it's directly related to the persian title of shah, since of these areas were apart of the former persian empire.	it's somewhat related to the persian title of shah, since of these areas were apart of the former persian empire.
"the terrorist commander shamil basayev has referred to the ""black widows"" as a subunit of his, called the ""garden of the righteous""."	"the commander shamil basayev has referred to the ""black widows"" as a subunit of his, called the ""garden of the righteous""."
joseph smith (aka joseph carr) acknowledged in an interview that the international solidarity movement knowingly put its activists' lives at risk.	joseph smith (aka joseph carr) said in an interview that the international solidarity movement knowingly put its activists' lives at risk.
it was established and headed by rosh yeshiva rabbi azriel goldfein until his passing in 2007, and is now headed by rabbi goldfein's sons rabbi avi and rabbi david goldfein.	it was established and headed by rosh yeshiva rabbi azriel goldfein until his death in 2007, and is now headed by rabbi goldfein's sons rabbi avi and rabbi david goldfein.
another great way is to sift through the bottom sediments using their tentacles.	another way is to sift through the bottom sediments using their tentacles.
if mireles, who was in the united states legally, fled to his home country of mexico, it could add serious complications to the case.	if mireles, who was in the united states legally, went to his home country of mexico, it could add serious complications to the case.
based on lahaye's fundamentalist interpretation of prophecies in the biblical book of revelation, isaiah and ezekiel, left behind tells the story of the end times, in which many have vanished, leaving the world shattered and chaotic.	based on lahaye's interpretation of prophecies in the biblical book of revelation, isaiah and ezekiel, left behind tells the story of the end times, in which many have vanished, leaving the world shattered and chaotic.
at the beginning of the poem, the dead bodies are treated like garbage, being put into plastic bags, thrown recklessly into trucks and convoys and having no identity whatsoever until they arrive in saigon, where they are given names and stored in freezers like piles of meatheads .	at the beginning of the poem, the dead bodies are treated like garbage, being put into plastic bags, thrown recklessly into trucks and convoys and having no identity whatsoever until they arrive in saigon, where they are given names and stored in freezers like piles of meat .
apple claims that the cpu is twice as powerful and the gpu up to nine times as powerful as its predecessor, the apple a4.	apple states that the cpu is twice as powerful and the gpu up to nine times as powerful as its predecessor, the apple a4.
point o woods communal, though insular nature is often underscored by its massive fence that borders ocean bay park to the west.	point o woods communal, though insular nature is underscored by its massive fence that borders ocean bay park to the west.
in 2002, salon.com retracted an article by leopold which had implicated bush administration official thomas white in the enron scandal after it could not authenticate an email that said white was aware of the financial machinations of the division he ran.	in 2002, salon.com retracted an article by leopold which had implicated bush administration official thomas white in the enron scandal ; according to salon.com, it could not authenticate an email that said white was aware of the financial machinations of the division he ran.
jacques vergs, born 5 march 1925 in ubon ratchathani, siam (now called thailand), is a french lawyer who has earned fame continually since the 1950s, first as an anticolonialist communist figure and then for defending a long string of infamous clients from anticolonialist algerian militant djamila bouhired (his future wife) in 1957-1962 to former khmer rouge head of state khieu samphan (2008).	jacques vergs, born 5 march 1925 in ubon ratchathani, siam (now called thailand), is a french lawyer who has earned fame continually since the 1950s, first as an anticolonialist communist figure and then for defending a long string of well-known clients from anticolonialist algerian militant djamila bouhired (his future wife) in 1957-1962 to former khmer rouge head of state khieu samphan (2008).
image:gate to the seville fair.jpg|the magnificent main entrance to the seville fair april, 2007	image:gate to the seville fair.jpg|the elaborate main entrance to the seville fair april, 2007
unlike prior generations of machines that use custom logic to play a small number of games, its core is a complete cpu, the famous mos technology 6502 in a cost-reduced version known as the 6507. it was combined with a ram-and-i/o chip, the mos technology 6532, and a display and sound chip known as the television interface adaptor (tia).	unlike prior generations of machines that use custom logic to play a small number of games, its core is a complete cpu, the mos technology 6502 in a cost-reduced version known as the 6507. it was combined with a ram-and-i/o chip, the mos technology 6532, and a display and sound chip known as the television interface adaptor (tia).
in the closing decades of the 20th century, the legend was reassessed as attention focused on the causes of the disaster that ended his and his comrades' lives, and the extent of scott's personal culpability.	in the closing decades of the 20th century, the legend was put into question as attention focused on the causes of the disaster that ended his and his comrades' lives, and the extent of scott's personal culpability.
one of his seminal cthulhu mythos stories.	one of his main cthulhu mythos stories.
the most prominent example, a loanword in english, is the scottish gaelic sassenach (saxon), often used disparagingly in scottish english/scots.	the most prominent example, a loanword in english, is the scottish gaelic sassenach (saxon), sometimes used disparagingly in scottish english/scots.
unfortunately , it is often illegal for adults to act on an attraction to adolescents below a certain age, and such activity is disapproved of in many societies.	nonetheless , it is often illegal for adults to act on an attraction to adolescents below a certain age, and such activity is disapproved of in many societies.
the company has won digital mapping contracts with companies across numerous industries and sectors, including geographic information systems (gis), engineering, insurance risk assessment, oil and gas, environment, communications, transportation, and 3d visualization markets.	the company has attained digital mapping contracts with companies across numerous industries and sectors, including geographic information systems (gis), engineering, insurance risk assessment, oil and gas, environment, communications, transportation, and 3d visualization markets.
in 1988 danforth crushed democrat jay nixon, 68% to 32%.	in 1988 danforth easily defeated democrat jay nixon, 68% to 32%.
kendrick meek is prominent member of the omega psi phi fraternity incorporated.	kendrick meek is a member of the omega psi phi fraternity incorporated.
samantha vinograd (february 19, 1983) is an american pundit who serves as national security analyst at cnn.	samantha vinograd (february 19, 1983) is an american foreign policy commentator who serves as national security analyst at cnn.
how about so-called creation science, the inflationary multiverse hypothesis, or macroeconomics?	how about creation science, the inflationary multiverse hypothesis, or macroeconomics?
"openly stalinist , it condemned the de-stalinization in the soviet union as ""revisionist"" and supported the north korean regime."	"openly anti-revisionist , it condemned the de-stalinization in the soviet union as ""revisionist"" and supported the north korean regime."
"many academic researchers, psychologists and psychiatrists, have characterized lifespring as a form of ""large group awareness training"""	"some academic researchers, psychologists and psychiatrists, have characterized lifespring as a form of ""large group awareness training"""
in the following days, marlin and his family received hate mail and death threats from angry fans who wrongly felt that marlin was responsible for earnhardt's death.	in the following days, marlin and his family received hate mail and death threats from angry fans who felt that marlin was responsible for earnhardt's death.
burton first proposed this revelation in an appendix to his translation of the arabian nights in 1885. the name sotadic derives from sotades, a greek hellenistic poet whose homoerotic verses are preserved in the greek anthology.	burton first proposed this hypothesis in an appendix to his translation of the arabian nights in 1885. the name sotadic derives from sotades, a greek hellenistic poet whose homoerotic verses are preserved in the greek anthology.
there are many effective non-violent methods of child discipline available to parents.	there are many non-violent methods of child discipline available to parents.
at home, the republic similarly experienced a long streak of social and political crises, which ended in several grisly civil wars.	at home, the republic similarly experienced a long streak of social and political crises, which ended in several violent civil wars.
unfortunately , the raf lacked the four-engine bomber that was required to carry heavy bomb loads to german targets from bases in britain.	however , the raf lacked the four-engine bomber that was required to carry heavy bomb loads to german targets from bases in britain.
lauren branning is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by madeline duggan.	lauren branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by madeline duggan.
loren dean jovicic (july 31, 1969) is an award-winning american actor.	loren dean jovicic (july 31, 1969) is an american actor.
the focus of its campaigning is to defend hunting especially fox hunting, opposing the ban on fox hunting and other forms of hunting with hounds which came into effect in february 2005. opponents of the alliance claim that this is the sole focus of the organisation, a claim it denies, pointing out that it is campaigning on behalf of many other issue.	the focus of its campaigning has been to defend hunting especially fox hunting, opposing the ban on fox hunting and other forms of hunting with hounds which came into effect in february 2005. opponents of the alliance claim that this is the sole focus of the organisation, a claim it denies, pointing out that it is campaigning on behalf of many other issue.
"on october 28, 2014, actor daniel radcliffe (famous for his role as harry potter in the popular film series) flawlessly recited the full lyrics to the blackalicious song ""alphabet aerobics"" after being challenged by host jimmy fallon on the tonight show."	"on october 28, 2014, actor daniel radcliffe (famous for his role as harry potter in the popular film series) recited the full lyrics to the blackalicious song ""alphabet aerobics"" after being challenged by host jimmy fallon on the tonight show."
"stephen cass, writing in the left-leaning uk paper the guardian, declared that ""in depicting government investigators as petty and clueless, the hudson plane crash film trumpets a libertarian worldview at the expense of passenger safety"", noting that ""its not hard to see why this tack appealed to strident libertarian eastwood"" and"	"stephen cass, writing in the uk paper the guardian, declared that ""in depicting government investigators as petty and clueless, the hudson plane crash film trumpets a libertarian worldview at the expense of passenger safety"", noting that ""its not hard to see why this tack appealed to strident libertarian eastwood"" and"
the british spelling is very common for (and ) in the stilted language of wedding invitations in the us.	the british spelling is very common for (and ) in the formal language of wedding invitations in the us.
lane recently authored a short story entitled kd rebel, a fictional account of a colony of wotanists who live up in the mountains and steal young girls and women from urban areas and force them into polygamy as breeders.	lane recently authored a short story entitled kd rebel, a fictional account of a colony of wotanists who live up in the mountains and rescue young girls and women from urban areas and force them into polygamy as breeders.
additionally, many millions more received serious and permanently crippling injuries such as multiple loss of limbs due to enemy gunfire, bomb or artillery explosions, inhumane experiments and even nuclear fallout.	additionally, many millions more received serious and permanently crippling injuries such as multiple loss of limbs due to enemy gunfire, bomb or artillery explosions, inhumane experiments and nuclear fallout.
she is also a noted literary critic in india and was one of the judges of the vodafone crossword book award in 2006. she also serves as a literary consultant with the british council.	she is also a literary critic in india and was one of the judges of the vodafone crossword book award in 2006. she also serves as a literary consultant with the british council.
an accomplished herbalist, harpist, and madrigal singer, elizabeth haydon also enjoys anthropology and folklore.	an herbalist, harpist, and madrigal singer, elizabeth haydon also enjoys anthropology and folklore.
during the years of working as part of cocteau twins, fraser also collaborated with numerous artists, appearing on 4ad house band this mortal coil's first release along with her bandmates where her notable contributions included a haunting cover version of tim buckley's song to the siren, and providing one-off vocals for acts such as felt (primitive painters), dif juz (extractions lp), the future sound of london (lifeforms ep), the wolfgang press, ian mcculloch and others.	during the years of working as part of cocteau twins, fraser also collaborated with numerous artists, appearing on 4ad house band this mortal coil's first release along with her bandmates where her notable contributions included a cover version of tim buckley's song to the siren, and providing one-off vocals for acts such as felt (primitive painters), dif juz (extractions lp), the future sound of london (lifeforms ep), the wolfgang press, ian mcculloch and others.
"a fine version can be found on the soundtrack to the pbs mini-series, ""the long journey home,"" performed by sinead o'connor."	"a version can be found on the soundtrack to the pbs mini-series, ""the long journey home,"" performed by sinead o'connor."
the fossil record indicates that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs during the jurassic period, c 200 to 150 ma (million years ago), and the earliest known bird is the late jurassic archaeopteryx, c 155150 ma.	the fossil record indicates that birds evolved from maniraptorian dinosaurs during the jurassic period, c 200 to 150 ma (million years ago), and the earliest known bird is the late jurassic archaeopteryx, c 155150 ma.
kofi annan ran unopposed for re-selection in 2001. due to boutros-ghali's overthrow , a second annan term would give africa the office of secretary-general for three consecutive terms.	kofi annan ran unopposed for re-selection in 2001. due to boutros-ghali's non-reelection , a second annan term would give africa the office of secretary-general for three consecutive terms.
these leaders come from diverse backgrounds, ranging from business and science to theology and philosophy.	these people come from diverse backgrounds, ranging from business and science to theology and philosophy.
star wars galaxies (often abbreviated swg by fans) is a disappointing star wars themed mmorpg platform for microsoft windows pcs, developed by sony online entertainment and published by lucasarts.	star wars galaxies (often abbreviated swg by fans) is a star wars themed mmorpg platform for microsoft windows pcs, developed by sony online entertainment and published by lucasarts.
discussing the chris benoit tragedy .	discussing the chris benoit double murder and suicide.
april branning is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by debbie arnold.	april branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by debbie arnold.
laborde was taken aback by the german treachery , but transmitted orders to prepare for scuttling, and to fire on any unauthorised personnel approaching the ships.	laborde was taken aback by the german operation , but transmitted orders to prepare for scuttling, and to fire on any unauthorised personnel approaching the ships.
on one extreme, many conventional medical practitioners believe that lyme disease is relatively rare, is easily diagnosed with available blood tests, and easily treated with two to four weeks of antibiotics.	on one extreme, many medical practitioners believe that lyme disease is relatively rare, is easily diagnosed with available blood tests, and easily treated with two to four weeks of antibiotics.
the first edition was a universal collector's edition released in september of 1998. it contains the superb documentary the thing: terror takes shape on the making of the thing, along with deleted scenes (shown in the television version), a theatrical trailer and production notes.	the first edition was a universal collector's edition released in september of 1998. it contains the documentary the thing: terror takes shape on the making of the thing, along with deleted scenes (shown in the television version), a theatrical trailer and production notes.
while vegetarianism is not a common practice in current western christian thought and culture, the concept and practice has substantial scriptural and historical support.	while vegetarianism is not a common practice in current western christian thought and culture, the concept and practice has scriptural and historical support.
genocide of the amalekites	extermination of the amalekites
bhakti caitanya swami maharaja is closely associated with the educational programs of iskcon and teaches courses at the vaisnava institute for higher education in vrindavana.	bhakti caitanya swami is closely associated with the educational programs of iskcon and teaches courses at the vaisnava institute for higher education in vrindavana.
notts had led for much of the game, until forest got a dubious free kick from which they equalised.	notts had led for much of the game, until forest got a free kick from which they equalised.
the union of concerned scientists (ucs) is a liberal advocacy organization based in cambridge, massachusetts, united states.	the union of concerned scientists (ucs) is a nonprofit advocacy organization based in cambridge, massachusetts, united states.
the couple became engaged in october 2010 during a 10-day trip to the lewa wildlife conservancy, owned by the family of the princes former love jecca craig, in kenya, africa, to celebrate william passing his tough raf helicopter search and rescue course.	the couple became engaged in october 2010 during a 10-day trip to the lewa wildlife conservancy, owned by the family of the princes former love jecca craig, in kenya, africa, to celebrate william passing his raf helicopter search and rescue course.
water fluoridation by public authorities has often provoked controversy.	water fluoridation by public authorities has provoked controversy.
bendtner never actually mentioned this incident in the arsenal magazine, and made amends with a goal, albeit a meaningless consolation, in a 4-1 defeat to chelsea.	bendtner never actually mentioned this incident in the arsenal magazine, and made amends with a goal, albeit a consolation, in a 4-1 defeat to chelsea.
the club was founded as tamar valley cannons in 2000, named after the nearby river tamar and its picturesque valley, dividing the counties of devon and cornwall.	the club was founded as tamar valley cannons in 2000, named after the nearby river tamar and its valley, dividing the counties of devon and cornwall.
the increased contacts culminated in the 2005 pan-blue visits to mainland china, including a historic meeting between hu and then-kmt chairman lien chan in april 2005.	the increased contacts culminated in the 2005 pan-blue visits to mainland china, including a meeting between hu and then-kmt chairman lien chan in april 2005.
glicken and johnston remain the only american volcanologists known to have perished in volcanic eruptions.	glicken and johnston remain the only american volcanologists known to have died in volcanic eruptions.
how this possible 'plan' would have worked however is completely unknown since most find it illogical and any plot developement that the writers should have taken for this never happened..	how this possible 'plan' would have worked however is completely unknown since most find it illogical and any plot development that the writers should have taken for this never happened..
consisting of real life brothers fayard and harold, this team wowed audiences with their amazing acrobatic feats incorporated into their classy style of dancing.	consisting of real life brothers fayard and harold, this team wowed audiences with their acrobatic feats incorporated into their classy style of dancing.
the club has made a significant contribution to the history of the england national football team; both robson and sir alf ramsey moved on from ipswich to manage england.	the club has made a contribution to the history of the england national football team; both robson and sir alf ramsey moved on from ipswich to manage england.
the claim that gay men and women could become heterosexual through the study of aesthetic realism ran counter to the growing consensus that considered homosexuality neither pathological nor amenable to change.	the documentation that gay men and women could become heterosexual through the study of aesthetic realism ran counter to the growing consensus that considered homosexuality neither pathological nor amenable to change.
this park is in the centre netteswell ward and is between the town centre and the train station, both of which are within walking distance of the park, which is a natural thoroughfare from the station to the town centre.	this park is in the centre netteswell ward and is between the town centre and the railway station, both of which are within walking distance of the park, which is a natural thoroughfare from the station to the town centre.
the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades (arabic: ) are a palestinian terrorist group closely linked to the fatah political party and one of the most active forces in the al-aqsa intifada.	the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades (arabic: ) are a palestinian militant group closely linked to the fatah political party and one of the most active forces in the al-aqsa intifada.
they may also raise issues of legality in those cases where the boy is below the age of consent.	they may also raise issues of legality in those cases where the child is below the age of consent.
this article is about references to the name yeshu in classical jewish rabbinic literature.	this article is about references to the designation yeshu in classical jewish rabbinic literature.
"since fujian was part of china proper, proponents of putting taiwan into china proper can argue that taiwan is therefore a part of china proper, since taiwan was part of fujian for more than two centuries; this however requires defining ""china proper"" as ""the area of the 18 qing provinces"", and defining all of taiwan as de jure a part of fujian province since the 1683. on the other hand, taiwan was not administered as part of the chinese empire before 1683, and even after 1683, the eastern parts of taiwan remained outside effective imperial control."	"since fujian was part of china proper, proponents of putting taiwan into china proper can argue that taiwan is therefore a part of china proper, since taiwan was part of fujian for more than two centuries; this however requires defining ""china proper"" as ""the area of the 18 qing provinces"", and defining all of taiwan as de jure a part of fujian province since 1683. on the other hand, taiwan was not administered as part of the chinese empire before 1683, and even after 1683, the eastern parts of taiwan remained outside effective imperial control."
it has been well documented that the japanese military itself recruited women by force.	it has been documented that the japanese military itself recruited women by force.
rand's political views were radically pro-capitalist, anti-statist, and anti-communist.	rand's political views were stongly pro-capitalist, anti-statist, and anti-communist.
he came to the throne in 1356 at the death of his father by the hands of evil men of rhudaur.	he came to the throne in 1356 at the death of his father by the hands of men of rhudaur.
compiz conforms to the icccm standard and as such can substitute the default metacity in gnome or kwin in kde, bringing to them some of the features found in competitors, such as expos in apple's mac os x and a new slick-looking alt-tab application-switcher, similar to the one found in microsoft's windows vista.	compiz conforms to the icccm standard and as such can substitute the default metacity in gnome or kwin in kde, bringing to them some of the features found in competitors, such as expos in apple's mac os x and a new alt-tab application-switcher, similar to the one found in microsoft's windows vista.
rabbi wachtfogel gave the yeshiva speech of remembrance for rabbi gorelick after his passing .	rabbi wachtfogel gave the yeshiva speech of remembrance for rabbi gorelick after his death .
he won 18 caps for the republic of ireland and scored one goal, a spectacular long-range strike against spain in a euro 84 qualifier at lansdowne road in november 1982.	he won 18 caps for the republic of ireland and scored one goal, a long-range strike against spain in a euro 84 qualifier at lansdowne road in november 1982.
a recent survey by the wildlife conservation society (wcs) has revealed at least three of the ghoulish-looking creatures are currently living on the afghanistan's rugged north-eastern slopes.	a recent survey by the wildlife conservation society (wcs) has revealed at least three of the creatures are currently living on the afghanistan's rugged north-eastern slopes.
caitlin flanagan is an american antifeminist writer and social critic.	caitlin flanagan is an american writer and social critic.
aum also features a strong continuing education program that enrolls over 10,000 students annually.	aum also features a continuing education program that enrolls over 10,000 students annually.
in the early 20th century some country clubs refused to admit african americans, catholics, and especially jews.	in the early 20th century some country clubs refused to admit african americans, catholics, and jews.
unlike products using the legacy remote desktop protocol, splashtop remote uses a proprietary protocol capable of delivering real-time video and audio to the remote user.	unlike products using the remote desktop protocol, splashtop remote uses a proprietary protocol capable of delivering real-time video and audio to the remote user.
it is often humorously claimed that danes have an easier time understanding drunk norwegians than sober ones, as the former often use a more slurred manner of speech that resembles danish.	it is often jokingly claimed that danes have an easier time understanding drunk norwegians than sober ones, as the former often use a more slurred manner of speech that resembles danish.
as an author, he began as a neoromanticist, but after the finnish freedom war his outlook transformed into deep pessimism and disenchanted scepticism.	as an author, he began as a neoromanticist, but after the finnish civil war his outlook transformed into deep pessimism and disenchanted scepticism.
in the first gas masks of world war i, it was initially found that wood charcoal was a good absorbent of poison gases.	in the first gas masks of world war i, it was initially found that wood charcoal was a good adsorbent of poison gases.
marcelino dos santos (born 20 may 1929 in lumbo) is a mozambican poet, revolutionary, and statesman .	marcelino dos santos (born 20 may 1929 in lumbo) is a mozambican poet, revolutionary, and politician.
some ta members, however, assert that since there is nothing unusual in bitter rivals wishing to see one another defeated (a phenomenon occurring in other rivalries the world over) these matters should be seen purely in the context of good-natured sporting rivalry and not as xenophobia.	some ta members, however, assert that since there is nothing unusual in traditional rivals wishing to see one another defeated (a phenomenon occurring in other rivalries the world over) these matters should be seen purely in the context of good-natured sporting rivalry and not as xenophobia.
1966 - jimmy wales, co- founder of wikipedia	1966 - jimmy wales, founder of wikipedia
his personal mission as pope, the chief leader and teacher of the catholics, was to implement the great teachings of the second vatican council, emphasizing the universal call to holiness and church's role in the modern world.	his personal mission as pope, the chief leader and teacher of the catholics, was to implement the teachings of the second vatican council , emphasizing the universal call to holiness and church's role in the modern world.
the anglo-portuguese army was the combined british and portuguese army that won the peninsular war, under the command of arthur wellesley.	the anglo-portuguese army was the combined british and portuguese army that participated in the peninsular war, under the command of arthur wellesley.
mehr jesia (born august 11, 1969), known since her marriage as mehr rampal, was an international supermodel from india during the early 90's.	mehr jesia (born august 11, 1969), known since her marriage as mehr rampal, was an international model from india during the early 90's.
socialist economics is a broad, and always controversial, term.	socialist economics is a broad, and sometimes controversial, term.
at the start of the second intifada, the city became a central source for the dispatching of suicide bomber to israel's north and center.	at the start of the second intifada, the city was said by the israelis to have become a central source for the dispatching of suicide bomber to israel's north and center.
for the vehicle to meet the strict tier 2, bin 5/ulev ii standards, and allowing the vehicle to be sold in all 50 us states, the touareg has been equipped with a selective catalytic reduction (scr) denox system.	for the vehicle to meet the tier 2, bin 5/ulev ii standards, and allowing the vehicle to be sold in all 50 us states, the touareg has been equipped with a selective catalytic reduction (scr) denox system.
she easily won georgia in the primary by a brutal margin of victory 43.10%.	she easily won georgia in the primary by a wide margin of victory 43.10%.
the mid-ulster brigade carried out many attacks, mainly in northern ireland, especially in the south armagh area, but it also extended its violence into the republic of ireland.	the mid-ulster brigade carried out many attacks, mainly in northern ireland, especially in the south armagh area, but it also extended its operational reach into the republic of ireland.
in may 1938, rochdale-born actress, singer and comedienne gracie fields was granted honorary freedom of the borough for her contribution to entertainment.	in may 1938, rochdale-born actress, singer and comedian gracie fields was granted honorary freedom of the borough for her contribution to entertainment.
jarrod is the son of the famous new zealand cricketer ian smith.	jarrod is the son of the notable new zealand cricketer ian smith.
according to the 2000 us census, 16.19% of nevada's population aged 5 and older speak spanish at home, while 1.59% speak filipino, and 1% speak chinese languages .	according to the 2000 us census, 16.19% of nevada's population aged 5 and older speak spanish at home, while 1.59% speak filipino, and 1% speak chinese .
the international marriage broker regulation act of 2005 (subtitle d of title viii (sec.831-834) of united states public law 109-162), or imbra, is a controversial united states federal statute that requires background checks for all marriage visa sponsors and limits serial visa applications.	the international marriage broker regulation act of 2005 (subtitle d of title viii (sec.831-834) of united states public law 109-162), or imbra, is a united states federal statute that requires background checks for all marriage visa sponsors and limits serial visa applications.
it was assumed she was jewish, as for many years there was little attention paid to the genocide of the 500,000 to 1,500,000 romanies that were murdered by the germans in the porajmos throughout europe.	it was assumed she was jewish, as for many years there was little attention paid to the genocide of the 500,000 to 1,500,000 romanies that were killed by the germans in the porajmos throughout europe.
man rays mother was a talented amateur seamstress who made the familys clothes from her own designs.	man rays mother was a talented seamstress who made the familys clothes from her own designs.
mugenation great page with lots of characters.	mugenation page with lots of characters.
he was born in tuparoa, east coast, on 25 april 1910. he served as a colonel in the mori battalion during the second world war and is father to the disgraced former mp donna awatere huata.	he was born in tuparoa, east coast, on 25 april 1910. he served as a colonel in the mori battalion during the second world war and is father to the former mp donna awatere huata.
owner = dave montgomery, bill giles, numerous other small time partners (no partner has majority share) |	owner = dave montgomery, bill giles, numerous other small partners (no partner has majority share) |
the christ church grammar school cadet unit has won several state awards, coming away with the tarnished chrome slr trophy for the most efficient unit in the state, awarded based on results that happen on the third term holidays on the statewide annual camp, on 15 of the last 20 occasions including; 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2008, and 2009.	the christ church grammar school cadet unit has won several state awards, coming away with the chrome slr trophy for the most efficient unit in the state, awarded based on results that happen on the third term holidays on the statewide annual camp, on 15 of the last 20 occasions including; 1990, 1991, 1992, 1993, 2002, 2003, 2005, 2006, 2008, and 2009.
snyder was killed in a minor midget-car race.	snyder was killed in a midget-car race.
on 18 september 1906, he and 4 st. paul's college students were tragically drowned amidst typhoon during a preaching journey in castle peak, tuen mun.	on 18 september 1906, he and 4 st. paul's college students were drowned amidst typhoon during a preaching journey in castle peak, tuen mun.
originally built for approximately 110 young women, more than 140 freshmen to graduates now live in the building.	originally built for approximately 110 young women, more than 140 first-year students to graduates now live in the building.
thomas friedman and others have been notably victimised by this organisation, in which had cream filled pies thrown at them during their speeches.	thomas friedman and others have been notably targeted by this organisation, in which had cream filled pies thrown at them during their speeches.
examples are the new york times the guardian, cnn, the wall street journal, or the quality flemish newspaper de standaard.	examples are the new york times the guardian, cnn, the wall street journal, or the flemish newspaper de standaard.
however, in november 2006, voters approved a discriminatory referendum banning gay marriages or civil unions in the state by a margin of 59% to 41%.	however, in november 2006, voters approved a referendum banning gay marriages or civil unions in the state by a margin of 59% to 41%.
although government reports are not known for their prose, the report garnered much praise for its literary qualities.	although government reports are not known for their prose, the report garnered praise for its literary qualities.
"twitter asserts that the move to oauth will mean ""increased security and a better experience."""	"twitter stated that the move to oauth will mean ""increased security and a better experience."""
like many prominent east german sportspeople at the time, krieger was systematically and unknowingly doped with anabolic steroids.	like many prominent east german athletes at the time, krieger was systematically and unknowingly doped with anabolic steroids.
tim is a vegetarian and is active with the eco-terrorism group peta.	tim is a vegetarian and is active with the animal rights group peta.
she appeared in her first porn film in 1981, a feature called swedish erotica 39. she soon became associated with convincing portrayals of a seductress, and in particular for playing older women inappropriately seducing younger men.	she appeared in her first porn film in 1981, a feature called swedish erotica 39. she soon became associated with portrayals of a seductress, and in particular for playing older women inappropriately seducing younger men.
reiki healing is said to be performed through a technique similar to the laying on of hands.	reiki is said to be performed through a technique similar to the laying on of hands.
terry lamb the great rugby league five-eighth from the canterbury-bankstown bulldogs and australian test side originated and still lives in chester hill.	terry lamb the rugby league five-eighth from the canterbury-bankstown bulldogs and australian test side originated and still lives in chester hill.
the conflict killed over 1,500 people, mostly lebanese civilians , severely damaged lebanese infrastructure, displaced about one million lebanese and half a million israelis, and disrupted normal life across much of lebanon and northern israel.	the conflict killed over 1,500 people, mostly lebanese citizens , severely damaged lebanese infrastructure, displaced about one million lebanese and half a million israelis, and disrupted normal life across much of lebanon and northern israel.
situated on lauderdale gardens in the city's fashionable west end, the school provides secondary education primarily for children from the feeder primary schools of hyndland, broomhill, thornwood and whiteinch, although there are many children from other areas of the city, particularly scotstoun primary school due to its dual feeder status.	situated on lauderdale gardens in the city's west end , the school provides secondary education primarily for children from the feeder primary schools of hyndland, broomhill, thornwood and whiteinch, although there are many children from other areas of the city, particularly scotstoun primary school due to its dual feeder status.
lebanese-syrian border under the control of the syrian regime and its lebanese allies	lebanese-syrian border under the control of the syrian government and its lebanese allies
the last winner on the ventoux was the great french climber richard virenque.	the last winner on the ventoux was the french climber richard virenque.
arrested development is a wonderful character-driven american comedy television series about a formerly wealthy, habitually dysfunctional family.	arrested development is a character-driven american comedy television series about a formerly wealthy, habitually dysfunctional family.
many christians hold that job is a historical prototype of jesus christ : the man of sorrows who suffered the most of all, under the providence and watchful will of god.	many christians hold that job is a historical prototype of jesus: the man of sorrows who suffered the most of all, under the providence and watchful will of god.
she married to nasir khan, the elder brother of famous bollywood actor dilip kumar.	she married to nasir khan, the elder brother of bollywood actor dilip kumar.
in the early afternoon of december 22, 1984, four african-american hoodlums — barry allen, 19; troy canty, 19; james ramseur, 18; and darrell cabey, 19 — boarded a downtown no.	in the early afternoon of december 22, 1984, four african-american men — barry allen, 19; troy canty, 19; james ramseur, 18; and darrell cabey, 19 — boarded a downtown no.
after the russian revolution, universities were opened to women, allowing rand to be in the first group of women to enroll at petrograd state university, where, at the age of only 16, she began her studies in the department of social pedagogy, majoring in history.	after the russian revolution, universities were opened to women, allowing rand to be in the first group of women to enroll at petrograd state university, where, at the age of 16, she began her studies in the department of social pedagogy, majoring in history.
like most image properties, these series were criticized for high levels of violence (although they were no more violent than the usual marvel or dc comic at the time), excessive sexual references, and for emphasizing flashy art over storytelling.	like most image properties, these series were criticized for high levels of violence (although they were no more violent than the usual marvel or dc comic at the time), sexual references, and for emphasizing flashy art over storytelling.
following the economic, scientific, political, cultural and military might of the united kingdom from the 18th century, and of the united states since the mid 20th century, it has become the lingua franca in many parts of the world, and the leading language in international business and science.	following the economic, scientific, political, cultural and military power of the united kingdom from the 18th century, and of the united states since the mid 20th century, it has become the lingua franca in many parts of the world, and the leading language in international business and science.
"michael deane harris (born january 23, 1945, in toronto, ontario) was the twenty-second premier of ontario from june 26, 1995 to april 15, 2002. he is most noted for the ""common sense revolution"", his government's program of deficit reduction in combination with lower taxes and significant cuts to many government programs."	"michael deane harris (born january 23, 1945, in toronto, ontario) was the twenty-second premier of ontario from june 26, 1995 to april 15, 2002. he is most noted for the ""common sense revolution"", his government's program of deficit reduction in combination with lower taxes and significant cuts to some government programs."
throughout its history rule over the khanate was often contested between members of the illustrious shaybanid and taibugid dynasties; both of these competing tribes were direct patrilineal descendants of genghis khan through his eldest son jochi and his fifth son shayban (shiban).	throughout its history rule over the khanate was often contested between members of the shaybanid and taibugid dynasties; both of these competing tribes were direct patrilineal descendants of genghis khan through his eldest son jochi and his fifth son shayban (shiban).
he contrasts empathetic individuals like paul farmer with billionaire paul allen, who spent $200 million dollars to build the octopus - a 413 foot personal yacht that requires a crew of sixty (according to some estimates, that cost could save 200,000 lives) .	he contrasts individuals like paul farmer with billionaire paul allen, who spent $200 million dollars to build the octopus - a 413 foot personal yacht that requires a crew of sixty (according to some estimates, that cost could save 200,000 lives) .
due to music's unfortunate death in 2001, bill murray will provide the voice of garfield.	due to music's death in 2001, bill murray will provide the voice of garfield.
he also made some famous ( and infamous) decisions in his court over his long career.	he also made some famous ( or, in critical views, infamous) decisions in his court over his long career.
their societies and cultures flourish within a larger population of descendants of immigrants (both voluntary and involuntary): african, asian, middle eastern, european, and other peoples.	their societies and cultures exist within a larger population of descendants of immigrants (both voluntary and involuntary): african, asian, middle eastern, european, and other peoples.
in 1981, defectors from the moderate wing of the labour party, led by former cabinet ministers roy jenkins, david owen and shirley williams, founded the social democratic party (sdp).	in 1981, defectors from the right wing of the labour party, led by former cabinet ministers roy jenkins, david owen and shirley williams, founded the social democratic party (sdp).
"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american furniture designer, actress, and former supermodel ."	"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american furniture designer, actress, and former model ."
thus a trademark of the show was slow motion shots of the attractive lifeguards running, most notably done by erika eleniak, pamela anderson, yasmine bleeth, alexandra paul, and david charvet along with hasselhoff during the height of the show.	thus a trademark of the show was slow motion shots of the lifeguards running, most notably done by erika eleniak, pamela anderson, yasmine bleeth, alexandra paul, and david charvet along with hasselhoff during the height of the show.
in 1832 he became joint headmaster of the school founded in connection with that institution (the infamous university college school); in 1842 he resigned the professorship of latin, and took up that of comparative grammar, together with the undivided headmastership of the school.	in 1832 he became joint headmaster of the school founded in connection with that institution (the university college school); in 1842 he resigned the professorship of latin, and took up that of comparative grammar, together with the undivided headmastership of the school.
"jackson has had thirteen number-one billboard hot 100 solo hits, including ""ben"", ""don't stop 'til you get enough"", ""rock with you"", ""billie jean"", ""beat it"", ""the way you make me feel"" and ""black or white"", as well as an additional four with the jackson 5. he has been awarded numerous honors including the ""artist of the millennium award"", awarded to him by the world music awards for his incomparable career in music."	"jackson has had thirteen number-one billboard hot 100 solo hits, including ""ben"", ""don't stop 'til you get enough"", ""rock with you"", ""billie jean"", ""beat it"", ""the way you make me feel"" and ""black or white"", as well as an additional four with the jackson 5. he has been awarded numerous honors including the ""artist of the millennium award"", awarded to him by the world music awards for his career in music."
while many consider steyn a gifted polemicist, some leftist readers find him a prejudiced writer who uses poorly sourced facts, and whose perceived reliance on disparagement makes his views less worthy of attention.	while many consider steyn a gifted polemicist, some readers find him a prejudiced writer who uses poorly sourced facts, and whose perceived reliance on disparagement makes his views less worthy of attention.
analysts saw this as a ruse for the unpopular pm to keep the base.	analysts saw this as a ruse for the pm to keep the base.
"years later, michael would be accused of going back on his word that he wanted to ""spend the rest of his life with terri,"" because he chose eventually to withdraw life-support."	"years later, michael would be accused of going back on his word that he wanted to ""spend the rest of his life with terri,"" because he chose to withdraw life-support."
by december 2008, trisquel gnu/linux was included by the free software foundation in its list of free linux distributions.	by december 2008, trisquel gnu/linux was included by the free software foundation in its list of free distributions.
newspapers quickly interpreted his response as support for the fatwa, but he released a statement the following day claiming that he had not been supporting vigilantism, and was merely explaining the legal islamic punishment for blasphemy.	newspapers quickly interpreted his response as support for the fatwa, but he released a statement the following day which said that he had not been supporting vigilantism, and was merely explaining the legal islamic punishment for blasphemy.
the assemblies of god has aggressive missions programs that are designed to establish self-propagating, self-supporting, and self-governing national church bodies in every country.	the assemblies of god has missions programs that are designed to establish self-propagating, self-supporting, and self-governing national church bodies in every country.
current lulac struggles	current lulac efforts
notepad2 (by florian balmer) also exhibits this strange behaviour.	notepad2 (by florian balmer) also exhibits this behaviour.
the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is a terrorist organization that has been waging a violent secessionist campaign against the government of sri lanka since the 1970s in order to secure a separate state for the majority tamil regions in sri lanka.	the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is a politico-military organization that has been waging a violent secessionist campaign against the government of sri lanka since the 1970s in order to secure a separate state for the majority tamil regions in sri lanka.
while swimming at golden beach, florida, rosenbloom drowned on april 2, 1979. he was 72. though dr. joseph h. davis, the dade county coroner, stated, there is not one scintilla of reason to believe this is anything other than an unfortunate accident, a discredited pbs frontline documentary called an unauthorized history of the nfl suggested that rosenbloom, a known gambler, may have been murdered, causing conspiracy theorists to question the case.	while swimming at golden beach, florida, rosenbloom drowned on april 2, 1979. he was 72. though dr. joseph h. davis, the dade county coroner, stated, there is not one scintilla of reason to believe this is anything other than an unfortunate accident, a pbs frontline documentary called an unauthorized history of the nfl suggested that rosenbloom, a known gambler, may have been murdered, causing conspiracy theorists to question the case.
although the government and prince charles have asserted such reform isn't meant to alter the ancient boundaries or cultural loyalties, there are pressure groups such as the yorkshire ridings society who want greater recognition for the former boundaries.	although the government and prince charles have asserted such reform isn't meant to alter the ancient boundaries or cultural loyalties, there are pressure groups such as the yorkshire ridings society who want greater recognition for the historic boundaries.
"at the same time the colonists rejected the hypothetical solution of being provided with the representation, claiming that ""their local circumstances"" made it impossible."	"at the same time the colonists rejected the hypothetical solution of being provided with the representation, noting that ""their local circumstances"" made it impossible."
lithuanian is often said to be the most conservative living indo-european language, retaining many features of proto-indo-european now lost in other languages.	lithuanian is often said to be the most conservative living indo-european language, retaining features of proto-indo-european now lost in other languages.
"tajna nikole tesle (aka ""tesla"",""the secret life of nikola tesla"",""the secret of nikola tesla"") (1980) a croatian movie directed by krsto papi, notable for its inclusion of orson welles as robber baron j.p. morgan, touches on tesla's psychic powers and lost vision of the future."	"tajna nikole tesle (aka ""tesla"",""the secret life of nikola tesla"",""the secret of nikola tesla"") (1980) a croatian movie directed by krsto papi, notable for its inclusion of orson welles as banking baron j.p. morgan , touches on tesla's psychic powers and lost vision of the future."
it stands in a beautiful park overlooking the sognefjord.	it stands in a park overlooking the sognefjord.
in october 2000, hezbollah captured three idf soldiers who were killed either during the operation or in its immediate aftermath at shebaa farms, and kidnaped an israeli army reserve colonel elchanan tenenbaum in kuwait.	in october 2000, hezbollah captured three idf soldiers who were killed either during the operation or in its immediate aftermath at shebaa farms, and captured an israeli army reserve colonel elchanan tenenbaum in kuwait.
from this, a possible link to ancient populations presumed to have come from europe that lived in pakistan and iran was suggested.	from this, a possible link to ancient populations presumed to have come from europe that lived in the neighboring central asian parts of india and iran was suggested.
grald tremblay (born september 20, 1942) is a disgraced canadian politician and businessman who served as mayor of montreal from 2002 until his resignation in 2012. he also served as president of the montreal metropolitan community.	grald tremblay (born september 20, 1942) is a former canadian politician and businessman who served as mayor of montreal from 2002 until his resignation in 2012. he also served as president of the montreal metropolitan community.
during his time in office, luzhkov was harshly criticised for massive corruption, giving preferential deals to the construction company of his wife, yelena baturina, who became a billionaire during her husband's mayorship.	during his time in office, luzhkov was criticised for massive corruption, giving preferential deals to the construction company of his wife, yelena baturina, who became a billionaire during her husband's mayorship.
tyson foods was accused of actively importing illegal labor for its chicken packing plants, but a jury in chattanooga, tennessee resoundingly acquitted the company after evidence was presented that tyson foods went beyond mandated government requirements in demanding documentation for its employees.	tyson foods was accused of actively importing illegal labor for its chicken packing plants, but a jury in chattanooga, tennessee acquitted the company after evidence was presented that tyson foods went beyond mandated government requirements in demanding documentation for its employees.
since the april 2004 referendum on the united nations annan plan, the attitude of the international community towards the trnc has begun to improve .	since the april 2004 referendum on the united nations annan plan, the attitude of the international community towards the trnc has begun to change .
"airail service was established some decades ago, when deutsche bundesbahn (now deutsche bahn ag) established a direct connection between dsseldorf and frankfurt airport using the famous db 403 ""donald duck"" emu with tilting technology in lufthansa livery."	"airail service was established some decades ago, when deutsche bundesbahn (now deutsche bahn ag) established a direct connection between dsseldorf and frankfurt airport using the db 403 ""donald duck"" emu with tilting technology in lufthansa livery."
the thermosphere (or the upper atmosphere) is the height region above 85 km, while the region between the tropospause and the mesopause is the middle atmosphere (stratosphere and mesosphere) where absorption of solar uv radiation generates the temperature maximum near 45 km altitude and causes the ozone layer.	the thermosphere (or the upper atmosphere) is the height region above 85 km, while the region between the tropospause and the mesopause is the middle atmosphere (stratosphere and mesosphere) where absorption of solar uv radiation generates the temperature maximum butt face 45 km altitude and causes the ozone layer.
if you don't want the page deleted, vote against its deletion there; please do not remove this notice unless there is consensus to keep the page.	if you don't want the page deleted, vote against its deletion there; please do not remove this notice unless there is concensus to keep the page.
edith maud rawdon-hastings, 10th countess of loudoun (10 december 1833 23 january 1874) was a scottish peeress , the daughter of george rawdon-hastings, 2nd marquess of hastings and his wife barbara ne yelverton.	edith maud rawdon-hastings, 10th countess of loudoun (10 december 1833 23 january 1874) was a scottish peer , the daughter of george rawdon-hastings, 2nd marquess of hastings and his wife barbara ne yelverton.
hancock had a solid game in the wcf, keeping speedy st. helens winger alan hunte quiet.	hancock had a solid game in the wcf, keeping st. helens winger alan hunte quiet.
thumbnail|200 bce carvings at buddhist bhaja caves, maharashtra, india showing a woman playing a tabla and another dancer performing.	thumbnail|200 bce carvings at buddhist bhaja caves, maharashtra, india showing a woman playing a pair of drums and another dancer performing.
saga is the antagonist of the fifth movie of the amazing one piece by eiichiro oda.	saga is the antagonist of the fifth movie of the anime one piece by eiichiro oda.
vlc is very popular for its ability to play the video content of incomplete, unfinished, or damaged video downloads before the files have been fully downloaded.	vlc is popular for its ability to play the video content of incomplete, unfinished, or damaged video downloads before the files have been fully downloaded.
it features french supermodel laetitia casta videotaped in a motel room gyrating sexually being watched by isaak.	it features french model laetitia casta videotaped in a motel room gyrating sexually being watched by isaak.
gopinath bordoloi (1890 1950) was the first chief minister of the indian state of assam, and also a leading indian freedom-fighter .	gopinath bordoloi (1890 1950) was the first chief minister of the indian state of assam, and also a leading indian independence activist .
full-power rifle cartridges were simply overpowered for the vast majority of uses for the average soldier.	full-power rifle cartridges were regarded as overpowered for the vast majority of uses for the average soldier.
the wff focuses on all sorts of films from all over the world, and features few if any hollywood flicks .	the wff focuses on all sorts of films from all over the world, and features few if any hollywood movies .
he won a golden globe and an emmy for his excellent performance as rasputin in 1996. he is also the potions professor severus snape in the harry potter movies.	he won a golden globe and an emmy for his performance as rasputin in 1996. he is also the potions professor severus snape in the harry potter movies.
the archdiocese grew out of a missionary territory called the apostolic vicariate of england which was canonically erected in 1622. with the re- emergence of the roman catholic church in england, this original apostolic vicariate had been broken up and its name changed to become the apostolic vicariate of london district on 30 january 1688. by decree of pope pius ix the apostolic vicariate was elevated to the rank of metropolitan archdiocese on 29 september 1850, as it remains today.	the archdiocese grew out of a missionary territory called the apostolic vicariate of england which was canonically erected in 1622. with the emergence of the roman catholic church in england, this original apostolic vicariate had been broken up and its name changed to become the apostolic vicariate of london district on 30 january 1688. by decree of pope pius ix the apostolic vicariate was elevated to the rank of metropolitan archdiocese on 29 september 1850, as it remains today.
being the key to the sabres' cup run, the media speculated that haek was not doing his utmost to return from the injury because he was at odds with the the sabres' head coach, ted nolan.	being an integral key to the sabres' cup run, the media speculated that haek was not doing his utmost to return from the injury because he was at odds with the the sabres' head coach, ted nolan.
william franklin graham jr. (november 7, 1918 february 21, 2018) was an american evangelist, a significant evangelical christian figure, and an ordained southern baptist minister who became well known internationally in the late 1940s.	william franklin graham jr. (november 7, 1918 february 21, 2018) was an american evangelist, a prominent evangelical christian figure, and an ordained southern baptist minister who became well known internationally in the late 1940s.
mccarthy responded to the tragedy by launching a campaign for additional gun grabbing measures that eventually propelled her to congress with strong backing from democratic and liberal activist groups and the long island daily newsday.	mccarthy responded to the tragedy by launching a campaign for additional gun control measures that eventually propelled her to congress with strong backing from democratic and liberal activist groups and the long island daily newsday.
her film debut was in l'inconnu d'un soir in 1949. perhaps her best-known role was in the federico fellini masterpiece la dolce vita in 1960.	her film debut was in l'inconnu d'un soir in 1949. perhaps her best-known role was in the federico fellini film la dolce vita in 1960.
this comes full circle as arthur conan doyle modeled holmes on the brilliant medical diagnostician dr. joseph bell.	this comes full circle as arthur conan doyle modeled holmes on the medical diagnostician dr. joseph bell.
she lobbied against both in meetings with high level government officials.	she frquently spoke against both in meetings with high level government officials.
the book opens with an introductory chapter surveying the history with which it intends to deal, the continuous narrative in the hebrew bible from the genesis creation myth to the return of the jews to jerusalem from babylonian exile in the early days of the persian empire in the 5th century bc.	the book opens with an introductory chapter surveying the history with which it intends to deal, the continuous narrative in the hebrew bible from the genesis creation narrative to the return of the jews to jerusalem from babylonian exile in the early days of the persian empire in the 5th century bc.
the history of india includes the prehistoric settlements and societies in the indian subcontinent, the advancement of civilization from indus valley civilization to the vedic civilization of the indo-aryan cultures, the development of hinduism as a synthesis of various indian cultures and traditions, the rise of jainism and buddhism, a succession of powerful dynasties and empires for almost two millennia throughout various geographic areas of the subcontinent including the muslim conquests on the indian subcontinent, the advent of european traders resulting in the establishment of the british rule and the subsequent independence movement that led to the partition of india and the creation of the republic of india.	the history of india includes the prehistoric settlements and societies in the indian subcontinent, the advancement of civilization from indus valley civilization to the vedic civilization of the indo-aryan cultures, the development of hinduism as a synthesis of various indian cultures and traditions, the rise of jainism and buddhism, a succession of powerful dynasties and empires for almost two millennia throughout various geographic areas of the subcontinent , the muslim conquests on the indian subcontinent, the advent of european traders resulting in the establishment of the british rule and the subsequent independence movement that led to the partition of india and the creation of the republic of india.
"longtime friends adrienne barbeau (with whom she had worked on maude) and angela lansbury (with whom she had worked in mame) reflected on her passing : barbeau said, ""we've lost a unique, incredible talent."	"longtime friends adrienne barbeau (with whom she had worked on maude) and angela lansbury (with whom she had worked in mame) reflected on her death : barbeau said, ""we've lost a unique, incredible talent."
the main characters are the badly animated rolli und rita, who always have a scene where something goes wrong and they always sing a song at the end.	the main characters are the animated rolli und rita, who always have a scene where something goes wrong and they always sing a song at the end.
"at easter 1985, in conjunction with the century-old manorial society of great britain (of which he sits on the governing council), he held a well-attended conference there entitled ""the sudeleys - lords of toddington""; he gave a similar talk on 20 november 2006 for the centenary dinner of the manorial society, at brooks's club in st james's, of which he is a member."	"at easter 1985, in conjunction with the century-old manorial society of great britain (of which he sits on the governing council), he held a conference there entitled ""the sudeleys - lords of toddington""; he gave a similar talk on 20 november 2006 for the centenary dinner of the manorial society, at brooks's club in st james's, of which he is a member."
eight bold rangers is a very recent corruption, most likely the unfortunate consequence of singers with more knowledge of tolkien than of ancient greece.	eight bold rangers is a very recent corruption, most likely the consequence of singers with more knowledge of tolkien than of ancient greece.
aside from pochentong air base and a chinese-built runway at siem reap, the other available airfields in the country consisted of rough runways that lacked permanent rear-echelon support facilities, which were only used temporarily as emergency landing strips but never as secondary airbases.	aside from pochentong air base and a chinese-built civilian airport at siem reap, the other available airfields in the country consisted of rough runways that lacked permanent rear-echelon support facilities, which were only used temporarily as emergency landing strips but never as secondary airbases.
robert gabriel mugabe kcb (born 21 february 1924) is the dictator president of zimbabwe.	robert gabriel mugabe kcb (born 21 february 1924) is the president of zimbabwe.
saladin's liberation of palestine from the european crusaders was put forth the inspiration for the modern-day arabs' opposition to zionism.	saladin's recapture of palestine from the european crusaders was put forth the inspiration for the modern-day arabs' opposition to zionism.
a member of the gashouse gang cardinals teams, collins had a breakout season in 1934 with 35 home runs, 128 runs batted in and hitting for a torrid .333 batting average.	a member of the gashouse gang cardinals teams, collins had a breakout season in 1934 with 35 home runs, 128 runs batted in and hitting for a .333 batting average.
green studied at the prestigious medill school of journalism at northwestern university and then became an intern at kstp.	green studied at the highly ranked medill school of journalism at northwestern university and then became an intern at kstp.
he is known for his generous financial support of conservative and libertarian political causes in the u.s., mostly through the charitable foundations he controls: the sarah scaife foundation, carthage foundation, and allegheny foundation, and until 2001 the scaife family foundation, now controlled by his children, .	he is known for his substantial financial support of conservative and libertarian political causes in the u.s., mostly through the charitable foundations he controls: the sarah scaife foundation, carthage foundation, and allegheny foundation, and until 2001 the scaife family foundation, now controlled by his children, .
george arbuthnot (20 november 1802, norbiton, surrey - 28 july, 1865) was a distinguished member of the permanent british civil service.	george arbuthnot (20 november 1802, norbiton, surrey - 28 july, 1865) was a member of the permanent british civil service.
shizuka arakawa ( arakawa shizuka, born december 29, 1981) is a cute japanese figure skater who won the 2004 world figure skating championship.	shizuka arakawa ( arakawa shizuka, born december 29, 1981) is a japanese figure skater who won the 2004 world figure skating championship.
the jena six refers to a group of six black teenagers who have been charged with the beating of a white teenager at jena high school in jena, louisiana, united states, on december 4, 2006. the beating followed a series of racially-charged incidents in the town.	the jena six refers to a group of six black teenagers who have been charged with the beating of a white teenager at jena high school in jena, louisiana, united states, on december 4, 2006. the beating followed a number of racially-charged incidents in the town.
it has a breathtaking view of bosphorus bridge and the european side of istanbul.	it has a scenic view of bosphorus bridge and the european side of istanbul.
one can check that the set of those strings with this operation forms a group with neutral element the empty string e. we will call this group f2.	one can check that the set of those strings with this operation forms a group with identity element the empty string e. we will call this group f2.
3rd rock from the sun (sometimes referred to as simply 3rd rock) is an american sitcom that aired from 1996 to 2001 on nbc.	3rd rock from the sun (sometimes referred to as 3rd rock) is an american sitcom that aired from 1996 to 2001 on nbc.
"other logos have been used (including a ghostly figure holding a shield, and a slobbering vicious bulldog for the young nf, but the ""conjoined"" lettering remains the better known."	"other logos have been used (including a ghostly figure holding a shield, and a slobbering bulldog for the young nf, but the ""conjoined"" lettering remains the better known."
she claimed she was already aware of her son's death and said she had been told that his body was burned following the execution; his remains were among those buried in potoari in 2003.	she said that she was already aware of her son's death and said she had been told that his body was burned following the execution; his remains were among those buried in potoari in 2003.
taylor had with health problems much of her life, and many times newspaper headlines announced that she was close to death.	taylor struggled with health problems much of her life, and many times newspaper headlines announced that she was close to death.
kora players have traditionally come from griot families (also from the mandinka tribes ) who are traditional historians, genealogists and storytellers who pass their skills on to their descendants.	kora players have traditionally come from griot families (also from the mandinka nationalities ) who are traditional historians, genealogists and storytellers who pass their skills on to their descendants.
victoria elizabeth, british actress, magician, comedienne and entertainer.	victoria elizabeth, british actress, magician, comedian and entertainer.
to complete the lineup on their first full-length album, born innocent, they assembled a revolving door of talented musicians including a young john stielow on the drums.	to complete the lineup on their first full-length album, born innocent, they assembled a revolving door of musicians including a young john stielow on the drums.
"while a spokesman for fox news alleged that jackson ""referred to blacks with the n-word"" in his comments about obama, fox news did not release the entire video nor a complete transcript of his comments."	"while a spokesman for fox news stated that jackson ""referred to blacks with the n-word"" in his comments about obama, fox news did not release the entire video nor a complete transcript of his comments."
he is best known for his work as a children's book illustrator and he was nominated for the prestigious governor general's award for children's book illustration in 2000. he lives in mississauga, ontario.	he is best known for his work as a children's book illustrator and he was nominated for the governor general's award for children's book illustration in 2000. he lives in mississauga, ontario.
a massive toxic spill occurs at gold king mine near durango, colorado, contaminating a river in southern colorado and threatening other waterways.	a toxic spill occurs at gold king mine near durango, colorado, contaminating a river in southern colorado and threatening other waterways.
trapped in the pocket were 56,000 men, a total of six german divisions at roughly 55% of their authorized strength, including the elite 5th ss panzer division wiking and the ss sturmbrigade wallonien (ss assault brigade).	trapped in the pocket were 56,000 men, a total of six german divisions at roughly 55% of their authorized strength, including the 5th ss panzer division wiking and the ss sturmbrigade wallonien (ss assault brigade).
"when released as a single, ""killer queen"" was queen's explosive breakthrough hit, reaching number two in the united kingdom and number twelve in the united states."	"when released as a single, ""killer queen"" was queen's breakthrough hit, reaching number two in the united kingdom and number twelve in the united states."
for one story, guckert plagiarized an entire paragraph word-for-word from an associated press article .	for one story, guckert copied an entire paragraph word-for-word from an associated press article .
for 16 years until 1975, three armed groups fought for angola's independence from portugal: the marxist mpla (with its armed wing fapla), led by agostinho neto; the conservative fnla, led by holden roberto; and unita, led by the charismatic jonas savimbi.	for 16 years until 1975, three armed groups fought for angola's independence from portugal: the marxist mpla (with its armed wing fapla), led by agostinho neto; the conservative fnla, led by holden roberto; and unita, led by the jonas savimbi.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (uk) is a country located in western europe.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (uk) is a state located in western europe.
narkiss was educated at the rehavia gymnasium and began his military when he joined the palmach at the age of 16. subsequently heavily involved in haganah terrorist operations against british mandatory forces in palestine, narkiss was determined to help realise the idea of a jewish state.	narkiss was educated at the rehavia gymnasium and began his military when he joined the palmach at the age of 16. subsequently heavily involved in haganah operations against british mandatory forces in palestine, narkiss was determined to help realise the idea of a jewish state.
britain, in its aggressive attempt to usurp the colonization of the caribbean from the spanish, occupied the bay islands on and off between 1550 and 1700. during this time, the buccaneers found the vacated, mostly unprotected islands a haven for safe harbor and transport.	britain, in its aggressive attempt to contest the colonization of the caribbean from the spanish, occupied the bay islands on and off between 1550 and 1700. during this time, the buccaneers found the vacated, mostly unprotected islands a haven for safe harbor and transport.
(israeli) settlement (or even colony) versus village or community	(israeli) settlement (or colony) versus village or community
segonax is a dusty, arid, godforsaken desert planet with a blue atmosphere.	segonax is a dusty, arid, desert planet with a blue atmosphere.
he lives in pasadena, california and owns a home in the fabled kennedy compound.	he lives in pasadena, california and owns a home in the kennedy compound.
robbie robertson contributed the stirring theme song for the film, shine your light.	robbie robertson contributed the theme song for the film, shine your light.
emergency contraceptive pills (ecps), are an oral drug containing high doses of the same hormones found in regular oral contraceptive pills, which, when taken after unprotected sexual intercourse, may prevent pregnancy from occuring.	emergency contraceptive pills (ecps), are an oral drug containing high doses of the same hormones found in regular oral contraceptive pills, which, when taken after unprotected sexual intercourse, may prevent implantation from occuring.
in chicago's humboldt park, there is a mural depicting lebrn among other illustrious puerto ricans.	in chicago's humboldt park, there is a mural depicting lebrn among other well known puerto ricans.
the american revolutionary war (17751783), also known as the american war of independence, was a conflict that erupted between great britain and separatists within thirteen british colonies, who declared their independence as the united states of america in 1776. the war was the culmination of the american revolution, a colonial struggle against political and economic policies of the british empire.	the american revolutionary war (17751783), also known as the american war of independence, was a conflict that erupted between great britain and revolutionaries within thirteen british colonies, who declared their independence as the united states of america in 1776. the war was the culmination of the american revolution, a colonial struggle against political and economic policies of the british empire.
despite the movie's claims that oswald was a incompetent marksman, upon his enlistment in the marines, oswald qualified as a sharpshooter .	despite the movie's claims that oswald was a incompetent marksman, upon his enlistment in the marines, oswald qualified as a marksman .
schlussel receives criticism because of her tendency to routinely target muslims for most of her political rants , many of which were viewed as anti-muslim.	schlussel receives criticism because of her tendency to routinely target muslims for most of her political columns , many of which were viewed as anti-muslim.
cortada has received numerous awards for his volunteer work, including the prestigious millennium international volunteer award from the u.s. department of state/usa today (for his work in spain, portugal, sierra leone, south africa, mauritius, kenya tanzania, colombia, bolivia, honduras and guatemala) and the florida international volunteer corps 1999 outstanding achievement award (for his work in costa rica and panama).	cortada has received numerous awards for his volunteer work, including the millennium international volunteer award from the u.s. department of state/usa today (for his work in spain, portugal, sierra leone, south africa, mauritius, kenya tanzania, colombia, bolivia, honduras and guatemala) and the florida international volunteer corps 1999 outstanding achievement award (for his work in costa rica and panama).
"in august 2014, adweek reported that mcinnes had been asked to take an indefinite leave of absence as chief creative officer of rooster following publication (since withdrawn) at the online magazine thought catalog of his transphobic essay, ""transphobia is perfectly natural,"" which sparked a boycott rooster movement."	"in august 2014, adweek reported that mcinnes had been asked to take an indefinite leave of absence as chief creative officer of rooster following publication (since withdrawn) at the online magazine thought catalog of his essay, ""transphobia is perfectly natural,"" which sparked a boycott rooster movement."
jason michael lee (born april 25, 1970) is an american actor, comedian and professional skateboarder, best known for his roles as the title character on the nbc television series, my name is earl, syndrome in the film the incredibles, dave seville in the alvin and the chipmunks films, and his work with director kevin smith.	jason michael lee (born april 25, 1970) is an american actor, comedian and professional skateboarder, known for his roles as the title character on the nbc television series, my name is earl, syndrome in the film the incredibles, dave seville in the alvin and the chipmunks films, and his work with director kevin smith.
"in november 2006, beck drew criticism on jon stewart's ""the daily show"" and keith olbermann's ""countdown"" for asking congressman-elect keith ellison of minnesota, the first american muslim to be elected to congress, to ""prove to me that you are not working with our enemies""."	"in november 2006, beck drew criticism on jon stewart's ""the daily show"" and keith olbermann's ""countdown"" for asking congressman-elect keith ellison of minnesota, the first american muslim to be elected to congress, if he understood that some americans may feel like asking, ""prove to me that you are not working with our enemies""."
mayo college, a prestigious secondary educational institution in ajmer, rajasthan, india	mayo college, a secondary educational institution in ajmer, rajasthan, india
he and bnp member mark collett were subsequently prosecuted for incitement to racial hatred, but strangely were found not guilty.	he and bnp member mark collett were subsequently prosecuted for incitement to racial hatred, but were found not guilty.
on august 26, rescue coordination centre (rcc) australia, which had been aware of the vessel's distress, possibly through coastwatch surveillance, finally requested all ships in the area to respond.	on august 26, rescue coordination centre (rcc) australia, which had been aware of the vessel's distress, possibly through coastwatch surveillance, requested all ships in the area to respond.
pierre girard (14021415), pseudocardinal -bishop of the obedience of avignon (until 1408) and of pisa (140915)	pierre girard (14021415), cardinal -bishop of the obedience of avignon (until 1408) and of pisa (140915)
the song was covered poorly by american band matt pond pa specifically for use on the hit tv show the oc.	the song was covered by american band matt pond pa specifically for use on the hit tv show the oc.
"for 201516 they will play in the national league for the first time after winning promotion via the play-offs in 201415. they are affectionately known as ""the wood"" and retain a local rivalry against st albans city."	"for 201516 they will play in the national league for the first time after winning promotion via the play-offs in 201415. they are known as ""the wood"" and retain a local rivalry against st albans city."
there is an excellent system of educational television and radio, and almost all elementary schools use programs prepared by the school education division of japan's ex broadcasting corporation (nippon hoso kyokai--nhk).	there is an system of educational television and radio, and almost all elementary schools use programs prepared by the school education division of japan's ex broadcasting corporation (nippon hoso kyokai--nhk).
disgraced u.s. cyclist lance armstrong, implicated in a widespread doping scandal that has rocked the sport, has his contract with u.s. multinational corporation nike terminated and resigns as chairman of his lance armstrong foundation charity.	u.s. cyclist lance armstrong, implicated in a widespread doping scandal that has rocked the sport, has his contract with u.s. multinational corporation nike terminated and resigns as chairman of his lance armstrong foundation charity.
on 2 december 2013, roxon announced her shock resignation, and prime minister gillard's reshuffle of her front bench resulted in the attorney-general role being passed onto victorian mp mark dreyfus.	on 2 december 2013, roxon announced her resignation, and prime minister gillard's reshuffle of her front bench resulted in the attorney-general role being passed onto victorian mp mark dreyfus.
henry ford (july 30, 1863 – april 7, 1947) was the amazing founder of the ford motor company and father of modern assembly lines used in mass production.	henry ford (july 30, 1863 – april 7, 1947) was the founder of the ford motor company and father of modern assembly lines used in mass production.
meanwhile, witnesses who had arranged to cooperate with the committee (such as the rabidly anti-communist screenwriter ayn rand) were allowed to speak at length.	meanwhile, witnesses who had arranged to cooperate with the committee (such as the anti-communist screenwriter ayn rand) were allowed to speak at length.
that procedure ended when the second intifada erupted .	that procedure ended when the second intifada began .
mel giedroyc, english presenter, actress and comedienne	mel giedroyc, english presenter, actress and comedian
in the field of plant biotechnology, basf is concentrating on solutions for effective agriculture, healthier nutrition and plants to make products more efficiently.	in the field of plant biotechnology, basf is concentrating on solutions for effective agriculture, nutrition and plants to make products more efficiently.
where valleys or lowlands intervened, the conduit was carried on often magnificent bridgework which are the parts most visible today, or its contents fed into high-pressure lead, ceramic or stone pipes and siphoned across.	where valleys or lowlands intervened, the conduit was carried on often bridgework which are the parts most visible today, or its contents fed into high-pressure lead, ceramic or stone pipes and siphoned across.
her husband was re-married in 1937 to women's world chess champion, vera menchik, who was herself tragically killed just a few years later in 1944.	her husband was re-married in 1937 to women's world chess champion, vera menchik, who was herself killed just a few years later in 1944.
chief patrick ramaano mphephu (1924-17 april 1988) was the first president of the bantustan of venda, which was granted nominal independence from south africa on 13 september 1979.	chief patrick ramaano mphephu (1924-17 april 1988) was the first president of the bantustan of venda, which was granted independence from south africa on 13 september 1979.
david holmes is a scottish businessman .	david holmes is a scottish businessperson .
spade's contribution will buy 50 ar-15 semi-automatic rifles for outgunned phoenix police officers.	spade's contribution will buy 50 ar-15 semi-automatic rifles for phoenix police officers.
ustad amjad ali khan is a maestro in the world of indian classical music.	ustad amjad ali khan is a leading figure in the world of indian classical music.
tom rogan (born 8 february 1986) is a conservative political journalist based in washington, d.c.	tom rogan (born 8 february 1986) is a political journalist based in washington, d.c.
mcintyre believes the acknowledgement of this embarrassing error will make it much more difficult for giss to continue to deny researchers access to the source code and methodologies giss uses to construct its u.s. and global temperature anomalies.	mcintyre believes the acknowledgement of this error will make it much more difficult for giss to continue to deny researchers access to the source code and methodologies giss uses to construct its u.s. and global temperature anomalies.
the beach is a popular year-round destination for surfing, attracting both locals and those from abroad.	the beach is a year-round destination for surfing, attracting both locals and those from abroad.
the iranian government channel press tv claimed on 4 january, that evidence of depleted uranium exposure has been found in wounds of casualties of the conflict.	the iranian government channel press tv said on 4 january, that evidence of depleted uranium exposure has been found in wounds of casualties of the conflict.
east west university, one of the top private universities in bangladesh.	east west university, one of the private universities in bangladesh.
the best of garbo's silent movies were flesh and the devil (1927), love (1927) and the mysterious lady (1928).	the most well recieved of garbo's silent movies were flesh and the devil (1927), love (1927) and the mysterious lady (1928).
"there is the ""popular crowd,"" which consists of virtually all users other than we'll last so long, a just user with radical christian beliefs who has been reported to ""take everything seriously"" and ""constantly obsess about his book,"" his book being the upcoming the martin family and their high quality music."	"there is the ""popular crowd,"" which consists of virtually all users other than we'll last so long, a just user with strong christian beliefs who has been reported to ""take everything seriously"" and ""constantly obsess about his book,"" his book being the upcoming the martin family and their high quality music."
a few years later (1542), pinto made his first voyage to japan, accompanied by other portuguese, supposedly introducing the arquebus, a kind of firearm, to that country.	a few years later (1542), pinto made his first voyage to japan, accompanied by other portuguese, introducing the arquebus , a kind of firearm, to that country.
however, most american (and some british) volumes use conventions designed to be more intuitive for readers yet unfamiliar with the ipa.	however, most american (and some british) volumes use conventions designed to be more intuitive for readers unfamiliar with the ipa.
splendid example of a very young specimen of m. salmoides (largemouth bass) caught by an angler in minnesota.	example of a very young specimen of m. salmoides (largemouth bass) caught by an angler in minnesota.
he adopted his new pseudonym because he did not want to be confused with the other robin cook, best-selling author of coma and other airport dross , nor with the bloody shadow minister for health, come to that.	he adopted his new pseudonym because he did not want to be confused with the other robin cook, best-selling author of coma and other airport fare , nor with the bloody shadow minister for health, come to that.
"an illegal immigrant from the dominican republic, he rose from poverty and homelessness to show promise, according to one faculty member, as ""one of the best classicists to emerge in his generation""."	"an undocumented immigrant from the dominican republic, he rose from poverty and homelessness to show promise, according to one faculty member, as ""one of the best classicists to emerge in his generation""."
"the university of paris ii: panthon-assas, also known as ""paris deux"" or ""assas"" after the rue d'assas where it is headquartered, is a french university which is most famous for its degrees in law and business but also teaches administration, social and political science."	"the university of paris ii: panthon-assas, also known as ""paris deux"" or ""assas"" after the rue d'assas where it is headquartered, is an elite french university which is most famous for its degrees in law and business but also teaches administration, social and political science."
it has a dosage ceiling similar to codeine, a risk of seizures when overdosed, and a relatively long half-life making its potential for abuse relatively low amongst intermediate strength analgesics.	it has a dosage ceiling similar to codeine, a risk of seizures when overdosed, and a relatively long half-life making its potential for misuse relatively low amongst intermediate strength analgesics.
chvez's forced resignation	chvez's resignation
the flag of albania depicts a double-headed eagle on a red backgound, which was raised by the albanian national hero gjergj kastrioti in his catholic albanian rebellion against the ottoman turks.	the flag of albania depicts a double-headed eagle on a red backgound, which was raised by the albanian national hero gjergj kastrioti in his albanian rebellion against the ottoman turks.
it took the shrewd move of building its own railway station on the existing ayrshire coast line (glasgow-ayr), which runs straight past the airfield.	it took the move of building its own railway station on the existing ayrshire coast line (glasgow-ayr), which runs straight past the airfield.
the ira had some popular support in the republic of ireland in the early 70s.	the ira enjoyed some popular support in the republic of ireland in the early 70s.
linsey dawn mckenzie, busty model.	linsey dawn mckenzie, model.
the whippy dip ice cream stand is known throughout northeast iowa for its spectacular ice cream.	the whippy dip ice cream stand is known throughout northeast iowa for its ice cream.
a street in a sister city, rostov-on-don, bears the name (street of the greek city of volos), weaving through a picturesque mix of early 20th century buildings with characteristic inner yards, tiered balconies and open iron stairs that lend the old rostov its characteristic mediterranean look.	a street in a sister city, rostov-on-don, bears the name (street of the greek city of volos), weaving through a mix of early 20th century buildings with characteristic inner yards, tiered balconies and open iron stairs that lend the old rostov its characteristic mediterranean look.
venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015 saw the election of both rosmit mantilla, the first-ever out homosexual member of the assembly, and tamara adrin, the first openly transgender member.	venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015 saw the election of both rosmit mantilla, the first-ever out gay member of the assembly, and tamara adrin, the first openly transgender member.
"workers at one franchise are victims of ""modern-day slavery"", according to union t&g unite, with money unlawfully deducted from the workers' pay sometimes leaving workers being paid nothing."	"workers at one franchise claim to be victims of ""modern-day slavery"", according to union t&g unite, with money unlawfully deducted from the workers' pay sometimes leaving workers being paid nothing."
after his overthrow, he was murdered by the taliban on september 27, 1996. he is buried in gardez.	after his overthrow, he was killed by the taliban on september 27, 1996. he is buried in gardez.
"on april 11, 2006, media matters reported that in his radio program of the previous day, savage had described recent immigrant protestors as ""vermin who are trying to dictate to us how we should run america"", adding that feminism and homosexuality are ""destroying america""."	"on april 11, 2006, media matters reported that in his radio program of the previous day, savage had described recent immigrant protestors as ""vermin who are trying to dictate to us how we should run america"", and added that feminism and homosexuality are ""destroying america""."
eventually, she converted patricius to catholicism and calmed his violent nature.	eventually, she converted patricius to christianity and calmed his violent nature.
"already well known in the uk as an actress and comedienne , ""they don't know"" was issued as her second single there, reaching #2. maccoll performed backing vocals on ullman's version and reprised her original ""bay-ay-be-ee"" in the middle of the song."	"already well known in the uk as an actress and comedian , ""they don't know"" was issued as her second single there, reaching #2. maccoll performed backing vocals on ullman's version and reprised her original ""bay-ay-be-ee"" in the middle of the song."
over the course of the decade, vargas llosa became known for his staunch neoliberal views	over the course of the decade, vargas llosa became known for his staunch liberal views
he played his last senior game in england for lowly doncaster rovers at the age of 30, although he did play in south africa and the english non-league divisions for a few years afterwards.	he played his last senior game in england for doncaster rovers at the age of 30, although he did play in south africa and the english non-league divisions for a few years afterwards.
"on december 22, 2015, the innocence project issued a statement, in regard to the netflix documentary ""making a murderer"", claiming ""a member of the innocence network is currently looking into some aspects of his case"""	"on december 22, 2015, the innocence project issued a statement, in regard to the netflix documentary ""making a murderer"", stating ""a member of the innocence network is currently looking into some aspects of his case"""
eve is the first woman created by god according to the creation myth of abrahamic religions.	eve is the first woman created by god according to the creation narrative of abrahamic religions.
the song was falsely copyrighted by an american publisher, carl fischer music, in 1941 as an original composition.	the song was copyrighted by an american publisher, carl fischer music, in 1941 as an original composition.
the koblenz cable car (german: seilbahn koblenz) is an aerial lift that was opened in 2010 in koblenz, germany for the upcoming bundesgartenschau (a biennial exhibition) the following year.	the koblenz cable car (german: seilbahn koblenz) is an aerial lift that was opened in 2010 in koblenz, germany for the bundesgartenschau (a biennial exhibition) the following year.
some clever implementations of moving average filter are recursive filters but with a finite impulse response.	some implementations of moving average filter are recursive filters but with a finite impulse response.
a user can develop a gnu/ linux image for their specific target.	a user can develop a linux image for their specific target.
in the united states, clubs such as albion in new york city, leland city club in detroit, igun in both las vegas and bowling green, ohio, and das bunker in los angeles show a strong cyber presence, although cybergoth culture in the us tends to be much darker and less raver influenced than its european counterpart.	in the united states, clubs such as albion in new york city, leland city club in detroit, igun in both las vegas and bowling green, ohio, and das bunker in los angeles show a strong cyber presence, although cybergoth scenes in the us tends to be much darker and less raver influenced than its european counterpart.
more recently, the criticism against prem rawat, his students, and the affiliated groups, the prem rawat foundation and elan vital has focused through a group of vocal ex- devotees with an active presence on the internet.	more recently, the criticism against prem rawat, his students, and the affiliated groups, the prem rawat foundation and elan vital has focused through a group of vocal ex- followers with an active presence on the internet.
for the entire season, myron nash served as associate producer, and comedienne /actress valri bromfield was also a co-producer.	for the entire season, myron nash served as associate producer, and comedian /actress valri bromfield was also a co-producer.
however, in most modern dialects the strict ordering requirement of declaration sections has been abandoned.	however, in most dialects the strict ordering requirement of declaration sections has been abandoned.
carla rhodes, an american ventriloquist, comedienne and musician	carla rhodes, an american ventriloquist, comedian and musician
in 2000 - 2003 the press and other media mistakenly claimed nottingham was the 'gun-crime capital of the uk', although by 2007 the bbc reported that the number of shootings in the city had fallen from 51 (in 2003) to 13 (in 2006).	in 2000 - 2003 the press and other media claimed nottingham was the 'gun-crime capital of the uk', although by 2007 the bbc reported that the number of shootings in the city had fallen from 51 (in 2003) to 13 (in 2006).
american terrorist timothy mcveigh chose invictus to be his final statement before being executed.	american timothy mcveigh chose invictus to be his final statement before being executed.
"harry allen is a hip hop activist and journalist (""the media assassin"") affiliated with the legendary group public enemy, and is the director of the rhythm cultural institute."	"harry allen is a hip hop activist and journalist (""the media assassin"") affiliated with the group public enemy, and is the director of the rhythm cultural institute."
"oddly , steinbeck refused to travel from his home in california to attend any performance of the play during its new york run, telling kaufman that the play as it existed in his own mind was ""perfect"", and that anything presented onstage would inevitably be a disappointment."	"however , steinbeck refused to travel from his home in california to attend any performance of the play during its new york run, telling kaufman that the play as it existed in his own mind was ""perfect"", and that anything presented onstage would inevitably be a disappointment."
he used his abilities to cure disease and control the forces of nature to benefit mankind .	he used his abilities to cure disease and control the forces of nature to benefit humankind .
tar and feathering is where patriots would strip the loyalist of their clothing and make them watch the tar boil over the fire.	tar and feathering is where rebels would strip the loyalist of their clothing and make them watch the tar boil over the fire.
hubbard created an entire space opera cosmology, the essence of which was that the true self of an individual was an immortal, omniscient and omnipotent entity called a 'thetan'.	hubbard described an entire space opera cosmology, the essence of which was that the true self of an individual was an immortal, omniscient and omnipotent entity called a 'thetan'.
"speed of sound was controversially beaten to the number one spot on the uk singles chart by the novelty ringtone ""axel f"" by crazy frog, a computer animated marketing tool."	"speed of sound was beaten to the number one spot on the uk singles chart by the novelty ringtone ""axel f"" by crazy frog, a computer animated marketing tool."
the letters of the inscription have also been compared to the 8th century old turkic orkhon script, with speculations that the inscription could also be proto-turkic (amanjolov 2003), tentatively translating:	the letters of the inscription have also been compared to the 8th century old turkic orkhon script, with assumptions that the inscription could also be proto-turkic (amanjolov 2003), tentatively translating:
in the popular television series seinfeld, lyndon b. johnson was considered by george costanza to be the ugliest world leader of all time.	in the television series seinfeld, lyndon b. johnson was considered by george costanza to be the ugliest world leader of all time.
"this momentum shift came at a point where fremantle were ""killing the clock"", and with 8 minutes remaining took to chipping the ball around to prevent st kilda scoring."	"this momentum shift came at a point where fremantle were ""killing the clock"", and with eight minutes remaining took to chipping the ball around to prevent st kilda scoring."
the slogan has also been used by pro-pakistani kashmiris, in the indian-administered kashmir.	the slogan has also been used by pro-pakistani kashmiris, in the jammu and kashmir.
lien neville is a buxom fictional character from the snk playmore's fighting game series the king of fighters: maximum impact, part of the king of fighters series.	lien neville is a fictional character from the snk playmore's fighting game series the king of fighters: maximum impact, part of the king of fighters series.
former mormon historian d. michael quinn has argued that walter crafted the magical parchments owned by the smith family, and that the young joseph smith, jr. looked to walter as an occult mentor.	mormon historian d. michael quinn has argued that walter crafted the magical parchments owned by the smith family, and that the young joseph smith, jr. looked to walter as an occult mentor.
"in 2016, he authored a letter signed by 60 fellow african-american politicians urging the democratic platform committee to keep the same language, refusing to include the fact that israel is engaging in an ""occupation"" of palestine that appeared in previous democratic platforms."	"in 2016, he authored a letter signed by 60 fellow african-american politicians urging the democratic platform committee to keep the same language, refusing to include the statement that israel is engaging in an ""occupation"" of palestine that appeared in previous democratic platforms."
national motto : e tenebris lux (latin: out of darkness, light)	motto : e tenebris lux (latin: out of darkness, light)
the conservative akp appeals mostly to the religious segment of the turkish republic and erdoan's questionable political history has made some people suspicious of his motives.	the conservative akp appeals mostly to the religious segment of the turkish republic and erdoan's political history has made some people suspicious of his motives.
nome is a 1st-class city in the nome census area in the unorganized borough of the u.s. state of alaska, located on the southern seward peninsula coast on norton sound of the bering sea.	nome is a city in the nome census area in the unorganized borough of the u.s. state of alaska, located on the southern seward peninsula coast on norton sound of the bering sea.
it is also a compendium of useful software construction techniques, from naming variables to deciding when to write a subroutine.	it is also a compendium of software construction techniques, from naming variables to deciding when to write a subroutine.
anti-clericalism is a historical movement that opposes religious (generally catholic) institutional power and influence in all aspects of public and political life, and the encroachment of religion in the everyday life of the citizen.	anti-clericalism is a historical movement that opposes religious (generally catholic) institutional power and influence in all aspects of public and political life, and the involvement of religion in the everyday life of the citizen.
in august 2015, tiafoe won the u18 national championship by defeating stefan kozlov in the final in a five set classic 62, 64, 46, 46, 64. with the win, he earned a wild card into the main draw at the us open.	in august 2015, tiafoe won the u18 national championship by defeating stefan kozlov in the final in a five set match 62, 64, 46, 46, 64. with the win, he earned a wild card into the main draw at the us open.
now based in carrigaline, near cork, reverend armstrong and his family were forced to leave their home in limavady, county londonderry, by unionist paramilitaries after he spoke out against the bombing of the local catholic church.	now based in carrigaline, near cork, reverend armstrong and his family were forced to leave their home in limavady, county londonderry, by loyalist paramilitaries after he spoke out against the bombing of the local catholic church.
after the arrest of the main terrorists of the first generation of the raf, they were held in solitary confinement in the newly-constructed high security stammheim prison in the north of stuttgart.	after the arrest of the main protagonists of the first generation of the raf, they were held in solitary confinement in the newly-constructed high security stammheim prison in the north of stuttgart.
aaron played for the u.s. in the ryder cup in 1969, 1973 and had a disappointing record of one win, one tie and four losses.	aaron played for the u.s. in the ryder cup in 1969, 1973 and had a record of one win, one tie and four losses.
england particularly attracted him, and his fascinating book, aus dem tagebuch eines in grossbritannien reisenden ungarns (pesth, 1837), gained for him the membership of the hungarian academy.	england particularly attracted him, and his book, aus dem tagebuch eines in grossbritannien reisenden ungarns (pesth, 1837), gained for him the membership of the hungarian academy.
vicious washington gossip circulated among jackson's cabinet members and their wives, including vice president john c. calhoun's wife floride calhoun, concerning secretary of war john h. eaton and his wife peggy eaton.	washington gossip circulated among jackson's cabinet members and their wives, including vice president john c. calhoun's wife floride calhoun, concerning secretary of war john h. eaton and his wife peggy eaton.
as with autism and asperger syndrome, it is not yet known what causes pda but newson attributes her clustering of observed symptoms to a hard wiring problem in the brain which she thinks is likely to be caused by a combination of factors, genetic and environmental, which may account for changes in brain development.	as with autism and asperger syndrome, it is not known what causes pda but newson attributes her clustering of observed symptoms to a hard wiring problem in the brain which she thinks is likely to be caused by a combination of factors, genetic and environmental, which may account for changes in brain development.
rodrguez is known for his flashy streetball-influenced playing style.	rodrguez is known for his streetball-influenced playing style.
take me out is a song by the british band franz ferdinand.	take me out is a song by the glasgow -based band franz ferdinand.
again, parliament taxed the colonists without their just representation.	again, parliament taxed the colonists without their promised representation.
created by the federal ministry for displaced persons, refugees and war victims, the commission headed by theodor schieder (thus known as the schieder commission) consisted primarily of distinguished historians, however with a nazi past.	created by the federal ministry for displaced persons, refugees and war victims, the commission headed by theodor schieder (thus known as the schieder commission) consisted primarily of professional historians, however with a nazi past.
this is a list of episodes from the australian broadcasting corporation's dark comedy miniseries, sleuth 101, hosted by comedienne cal wilson.	this is a list of episodes from the australian broadcasting corporation's dark comedy miniseries, sleuth 101, hosted by comedian cal wilson.
x-plane distinguishes itself by implementing a concept known as blade element theory .	x-plane differentiates itself by implementing a concept known as blade element theory .
a sequel to the game is out of the question owing to the sad death of richard burns in 2005, due to a brain tumour.	a sequel to the game is out of the question owing to the death of richard burns in 2005, due to a brain tumour.
madeleine buckingham has served as chief executive officer and steve katz as publisher since 2010.	madeleine buckingham has served as chief executive officer and steve katz as publisher since 2010. the magazine caters to the left side of politics.
"jennifer ann ""jenny"" mccarthy (born november 1, 1972) is an american model, comedienne , actress, author and activist."	"jennifer ann ""jenny"" mccarthy (born november 1, 1972) is an american model, comedian, actress, author and activist."
the smaller boats are the gleoiteoga, which were traditionally used for fishing.these boats can be found in the caladh thadhg area in carraroe,which is the main pier in carraroe.from this pier you will get breathtaking views of the twelve bens mountains.	the smaller boats are the gleoiteoga, which were traditionally used for fishing.these boats can be found in the caladh thadhg area in carraroe,which is the main pier in carraroe.from this pier you will get panoramic views of the twelve bens mountains.
the toronto eaton centre is a large shopping mall and office complex in downtown toronto, ontario, canada, named after the now-defunct eaton's department store chain that once anchored it.	the toronto eaton centre is a shopping mall and office complex in downtown toronto, ontario, canada, named after the now-defunct eaton's department store chain that once anchored it.
for the past ten years or so, in live duet performances, bailey will sing his (falsetto) part, then switch smoothly to the vocal part which was originally sung by maurice white, showing off his amazing vocal prowess and versatility.	for the past ten years or so, in live duet performances, bailey will sing his (falsetto) part, then switch smoothly to the vocal part which was originally sung by maurice white, showing off his vocal prowess and versatility.
creationists often attack scientific theories they disagree with in a number of ways, including opposition to specific applications of scientific processes, accusations of bias within the scientific community, and claims that discussions within the scientific community reveal a crisis.	creationists often oppose scientific theories they disagree with in a number of ways, including opposition to specific applications of scientific processes, accusations of bias within the scientific community, and claims that discussions within the scientific community reveal a crisis.
although the ncaa does not regulate verbal commitments or the recruitment of orally committed players, some observers claimed that sampson had acted unethically in recruiting a committed player without first contacting weber.	although the ncaa does not regulate verbal commitments or the recruitment of orally committed players, some observers stated that sampson had acted unethically in recruiting a committed player without first contacting weber.
1987; raised in glasgow, scotland and suburban franklin lakes, new jersey ) is an indian-american undergraduate student in the harvard university class of 2008, and a disgraced novelist noted for her involvement in a plagiarism scandal.	1987; raised in glasgow, scotland and suburban franklin lakes, new jersey ) is an indian-american undergraduate student in the harvard university class of 2008, and a novelist noted for her involvement in a plagiarism scandal.
the united kingdom possesses an uncodified constitution (often mistakenly called an unwritten constitution), that is to say that there is no one single constitutional document.	the united kingdom possesses an uncodified constitution (often called an unwritten constitution), that is to say that there is no one single constitutional document.
the easter rising took place in april 1916. as a result of the rising, and the disproportionate british response to it, the irish people became disillusioned with the home rulers, and this became apparent in the north roscommon by-election of february 1917, when count plunkett, father of the executed 1916 leader joseph plunkett, defeated the irish party candidate in what had hitherto been a safe seat.	the easter rising took place in april 1916. as a result of the rising, and the british response to it, the irish people became disillusioned with the home rulers, and this became apparent in the north roscommon by-election of february 1917, when count plunkett, father of the executed 1916 leader joseph plunkett, defeated the irish party candidate in what had hitherto been a safe seat.
ray debates time cube with university students in the groundbreaking time cube debate that took place at mit in january 2002.	ray debates time cube with university students in the time cube debate that took place at mit in january 2002.
"the first six chapters deal with the early part of buddha's life his birth as siddhartha, prince of kapilavastu; his gaining first-hand knowledge of the sufferings of mankind ; his resorting to meditation; and his ultimate transformation as the ""enlightened one"" after long years of meditation."	"the first six chapters deal with the early part of buddha's life his birth as siddhartha, prince of kapilavastu; his gaining first-hand knowledge of the sufferings of humankind ; his resorting to meditation; and his ultimate transformation as the ""enlightened one"" after long years of meditation."
flying at around , the bombers crossed france but unfortunately the 44 squadron aircraft, under squadron leader john dering nettleton, flew close by an airfield of ii gruppe/jagdgeschwader 2. german fighters coming in to land set off in pursuit and shot down four lancasters.	flying at around , the bombers crossed france but the 44 squadron aircraft, under squadron leader john dering nettleton, flew close by an airfield of ii gruppe/jagdgeschwader 2. german fighters coming in to land set off in pursuit and shot down four lancasters.
his virtuosity combined with his authenticity as a mountain musician made him a highly influential figure during the folk music revival.	his guitar playing skills combined with his authenticity as a mountain musician made him a highly influential figure during the folk music revival.
dementia is an issue close to wood's heart after losing her beloved husband peter to dementia in 2009.	dementia is an issue close to wood's heart after losing her husband peter to dementia in 2009.
the left-leaning watchdog group media matters had posted a total of six articles relating to beck from the years 2004 and 2005. during the first six months of 2006, beck and cnn were criticized in 43 articles.	the progressive watchdog group media matters had posted a total of six articles relating to beck from the years 2004 and 2005. during the first six months of 2006, beck and cnn were criticized in 43 articles.
after an intensive period of fundraising beenz launched with a brilliant guerilla marketing campaign designed by the crew and nick band of band and brown.	after an intensive period of fundraising beenz launched with a guerilla marketing campaign designed by the crew and nick band of band and brown.
"in 2010, cyrus ranked number thirteen on forbes celebrity 100, and was named the ""most charted teenager"" in the 2011 guinness world records with twenty-nine billboard hot 100 entries as of november 2009. in 2013, she was recognized as the ""artist of the year"" by mtv."	"in 2010, cyrus ranked number thirteen on forbes celebrity 100, and was named the ""most charted teenager"" in the 2011 guinness world records with twenty-nine billboard hot 100 entries as of november 2009. in 2013, she was declared as the ""artist of the year"" by mtv."
'''sunrise side wine and food festival, a michigan tradition featuring award-winning michigan wines, delectable local foods and artisan breads, original art show, live jazz performances and a breathtaking view of lake huron under the big festival tent at harrisville harbor, the third saturday in july.	'''sunrise side wine and food festival, a michigan tradition featuring award-winning michigan wines, delectable local foods and artisan breads, original art show, live jazz performances and a scenic view of lake huron under the big festival tent at harrisville harbor, the third saturday in july.
was a prominent puerto rican oil canvas painter.	was a puerto rican oil canvas painter.
the result is a feature film that examines the iraq war with ruthless scrutiny, with honesty and fairness, and reveals courage of an uncommon kind.	the result is a feature film that attempts to examine the iraq war with ruthless scrutiny, with honesty and fairness, and reveals courage of an uncommon kind.
the second massacre happened on august 29, 1995 when mortar shell killed 41 people and wounded another 85. this was the direct cause of the nato air strikes against bosnian serb army (army of republika srpska) that eventually lead to dayton peace agreement and the end of the war in bosnia and herzegovina.	the second massacre happened on august 29, 1995 when mortar shell killed 41 people and wounded another 85. this was the direct cause of the nato air strikes against bosnian serb army (army of republika srpska) that lead to dayton peace agreement and the end of the war in bosnia and herzegovina.
unfortunately due to personal reasons the band could not reconcile their differences and parted ways in 2003. daniel struble and sharon grzelinski started a new band called the renaissance.	due to personal reasons the band could not reconcile their differences and parted ways in 2003. daniel struble and sharon grzelinski started a new band called the renaissance.
this beautiful place, steeped in history, is a major tourist destination in the district.s.n.dp.h.s.s is one of the leading educational institution in udayamperoor	this place, steeped in history, is a major tourist destination in the district.s.n.dp.h.s.s is one of the leading educational institution in udayamperoor
yoshimi, a software synthesizer for gnu/ linux.	yoshimi, a software synthesizer for linux.
brigit's small sad oratory at cill-dara (kildare) became a center of religion and learning, and developed into a cathedral city.	brigit's small oratory at cill-dara (kildare) became a center of religion and learning, and developed into a cathedral city.
"kiyojute ryu kempo bugei, (japanese: ; kiyojute ryu; literally ""spiritually positive gentle person system"") is a form of kempo founded by william durbin in 1982. it is a comprehensive gendai bud martial art in the james mitose lineage intended to provide for all aspects of self defense."	"kiyojute ryu kempo bugei, (japanese: ; kiyojute ryu; literally ""spiritually positive gentle person system"") is a form of kempo founded by william durbin in 1982. it is a gendai bud martial art in the james mitose lineage intended to provide for all aspects of self defense."
nazad, nazad, kalino mome is a traditional macedonian n folk song.	nazad, nazad, kalino mome is a traditional bulgaria n folk song.
it is set in a large sweeping bay, providing a stunning view from tholaria and the aegilais hotel above.	it is set in a large sweeping bay, providing a view from tholaria and the aegilais hotel above.
later on in the world cup, merk awarded an inexplicable penalty to ghana that gave them a win over the united states.	later on in the world cup, merk awarded an controversial penalty to ghana that gave them a win over the united states.
the louvre is one of the greatest museums in the world, holding the rich artistic heritage of the french people from the early capetian kings through the empire of napoleon bonaparte and to the present day.	the louvre is one of the largest museums in the world, holding the rich artistic heritage of the french people from the early capetian kings through the empire of napoleon bonaparte and to the present day.
recently staffordshire decided to take a drastic step away from the typically british type fire engine - although staffordshire's current fire engines are built on a foreign chassis with a foreign cab, the actual fire engine itself is quintessentially british, and is typical of the type utilised by almost every british fire service for decades.	recently staffordshire decided to take a step away from the typically british type fire engine - although staffordshire's current fire engines are built on a foreign chassis with a foreign cab, the actual fire engine itself is quintessentially british, and is typical of the type utilised by almost every british fire service for decades.
candice ann rialson (december 18, 1951 - march 31, 2006), also known as candy rialson, was an american actress best known for her starring role in hollywood boulevard (1976).	candice ann rialson (december 18, 1951 - march 31, 2006), also known as candy rialson, was an american actress known for her starring role in hollywood boulevard (1976).
new hampshire is a small u.s. state in northern new england.	new hampshire is a u.s. state in northern new england.
on january 10, 2006, andreychuk was waived by the lightning, likely bringing an end to andreychuk's brilliant career.	on january 10, 2006, andreychuk was waived by the lightning, likely bringing an end to andreychuk's career.
"south dakota amendment c of 2006 is a so-called ""defense of marriage amendment"" that amended the south dakota constitution to make it unconstitutional for the state to recognize or perform same-sex marriages, or to recognize civil unions, domestic partnerships, or other quasi-marital relationships regardless of gender."	"south dakota amendment c of 2006 is a ""defense of marriage amendment"" that amended the south dakota constitution to make it unconstitutional for the state to recognize or perform same-sex marriages, or to recognize civil unions, domestic partnerships, or other quasi-marital relationships regardless of gender."
during his tenure, cox led the commission to write sweeping new executive compensation rules calling for companies to spell out exactly how their executives are compensated, including new information such as the lump-sum cost of retirement benefits and explanations of why specific stock option grants were approved.	during his tenure, cox led the commission to write new executive compensation rules calling for companies to spell out exactly how their executives are compensated, including new information such as the lump-sum cost of retirement benefits and explanations of why specific stock option grants were approved.
hayden christensen as anakin skywalker / darth vader: a jedi knight and hero of the clone wars who turns to the dark side of the force and becomes the mighty sith lord darth vader.	hayden christensen as anakin skywalker / darth vader: a jedi knight and hero of the clone wars who turns to the dark side of the force and becomes the sith lord darth vader.
in neo-paganism and wicca, the phrase amen is not normally used, being seen as jewish in origin.	in neo-paganism and wicca, the phrase amen is not normally used, being seen as monotheistic in origin.
like most modern kernels, dragonfly's is a hybrid, containing features of both monolithic and microkernels, making the best use of both technologies (message passing from microkernels, and the speed of monolithic kernels for certain tasks).	like most modern kernels, dragonfly's is a hybrid, containing features of both monolithic and microkernels, attempting to make the best use of both technologies (message passing from microkernels, and the speed of monolithic kernels for certain tasks).
web-based program that helps parents teach five- to eight-year-old children how to earn, spend, save and share money.	web-based program that aims to help parents teach five- to eight-year-old children how to earn, spend, save and share money.
the song brilliantly captures the atmopsphere of a village cricket game evoking feelings of a lost age and mortality.	the song captures the atmopsphere of a village cricket game evoking feelings of a lost age and mortality.
the archives are a 40 year treasure trove that include fascinating letters and photographs from the world over confirming the strange and unusual stories in sports, science, popular culture, history and nature delivered daily to its faithful readership throughout the 1930s, 40's, 50's and 60's.	the archives are a 40 year treasure trove that include letters and photographs from the world over confirming the strange and unusual stories in sports, science, popular culture, history and nature delivered daily to its faithful readership throughout the 1930s, 40's, 50's and 60's.
the song was inspired by cuomo's brother, who was having insurance problems after a car accident .	the song was inspired by cuomo's brother, who was having insurance problems after a car crash .
in the mi6 training level, if the blinking red switch is shot before either of the guards, one of the guards will stupidly vault himself over the railing, into the spiked pit below.	in the mi6 training level, if the blinking red switch is shot before either of the guards, one of the guards will vault himself over the railing, into the spiked pit below.
this is because jehovah's witnesses believe that the majority of the faithful have only an earthly hope.	this is because jehovah's witnesses believe that the majority of the faithful have an earthly hope.
if one player loses all his lives, the other one can continue.	if one player loses all of their lives, the other one can continue.
it is named in honour of sir wilfrid laurier, the seventh prime minister of canada who graces the front of canada's five dollar bill.	it is named in honour of sir wilfrid laurier, the seventh prime minister of canada who appears on the front of canada's five dollar bill.
however the oil may irritate normal skin at concentrations of 1%.	however the oil may damage normal skin at concentrations of 1%.
the film is a remake of 2015 telugu blockbuster film temper.	the film is a remake of 2015 telugu film temper.
hugh redwald trevor-roper, baron dacre of glanton (january 15, 1914 january 26, 2003) was a notable british historian of early modern britain and nazi germany.	hugh redwald trevor-roper, baron dacre of glanton (january 15, 1914 january 26, 2003) was a british historian of early modern britain and nazi germany.
the north-western group: takeshima , iwogashima, kuroshima	the north-western group: liancourt rocks , iwogashima, kuroshima
they murdered the former head of the french car maker renault, georges besse, and general ren audran.	they killed the former head of the french car maker renault, georges besse, and general ren audran.
brian patrick carroll (born may 13, 1969), better known by his stage name buckethead, is a virtuoso guitarist and multi instrumentalist who has worked within several genres of music.	brian patrick carroll (born may 13, 1969), better known by his stage name buckethead, is a guitarist and multi instrumentalist who has worked within several genres of music.
a hit television series adaptation loosely based on the novels debuted on june 8, 2010 on abc family.	a television series adaptation loosely based on the novels debuted on june 8, 2010 on abc family.
the $28 million production, staged in a 128,000-square-foot facility that seats 1,200, features acrobatic horsemanship with 32 horses, americana-styled music and songs personally written by dolly parton, singing, dancing, comedy, ostrich and pig races, a fabulous southern-style four-course feast and plenty of audience participation.	the $28 million production, staged in a 128,000-square-foot facility that seats 1,200, features acrobatic horsemanship with 32 horses, americana-styled music and songs personally written by dolly parton, singing, dancing, comedy, ostrich and pig races, a southern-style four-course feast and plenty of audience participation.
during world war ii he served as a flight engineer in the royal air force in asia; amazingly he also reportedly had been a member of the irish republican army.	during world war ii he served as a flight engineer in the royal air force in asia; he also reportedly had been a member of the irish republican army.
morocco, officially the kingdom of morocco , is a country in north africa with a population of 33,241,259. it has a long coast on the atlantic ocean that reaches past the strait of gibraltar into the mediterranean sea.	morocco, officially the kingdom of morocco , is a country in north africa with a population of 33,241,259. it has a coast on the atlantic ocean that reaches past the strait of gibraltar into the mediterranean sea.
this means that not all regions are treated fairly and that some regions have been given more autonomy than others.	this means that not all regions are treated equally and that some regions have been given more autonomy than others.
seven states had already seceded from the union at that point, and most of their senators and representatives had already vacated their congressional seats.	seven states had already declared their secession from the union at that point, and most of their senators and representatives had already vacated their congressional seats.
the church was designated a national historic landmark in 1961. religious services are still performed at 8:00 a.m on sundays in the summer months in cooperation with nearby grace church (kilmarnock, virginia).	the church was designated a national historic landmark in 1961. religious services are still held at 8:00 a.m on sundays in the summer months in cooperation with nearby grace church (kilmarnock, virginia).
haji mohammad soeharto (born june 8, 1921), more commonly referred to as simply soeharto (general suharto in the english-speaking world), is a former indonesian military and political dictator .	haji mohammad soeharto (born june 8, 1921), more commonly referred to as simply soeharto (general suharto in the english-speaking world), is a former indonesian military and political leader .
the following are fictional characters from disney's aladdin franchise.	the following are fictional middle eastern 'ragheads' from disney's aladdin franchise.
while typical beer and malt liquor are both made primarily from barley, water, and hops, malt liquors tend to make much greater use of cheap adjuncts such as corn, rice, or dextrose.	while typical beer and malt liquor are both made primarily from barley, water, and hops, malt liquors tend to make much greater use of inexpensive adjuncts such as corn, rice, or dextrose.
the policy page wikipedia:portal/proposals, intended to help stem the proliferation of poorly/unmaintained portals, and which forces editors to engage in a one-week long preapproval process before they can create a portal, was implemented without attaining any consensus, and has been nominated for deletion.	the policy page wikipedia:portal/proposals, intended to help stem the proliferation of poorly/unmaintained portals, and which requires editors to engage in a one-week long preapproval process before they can create a portal, was implemented without attaining any consensus, and has been nominated for deletion.
wesleyan, along with amherst college and williams college, is a member of the little three colleges, an unofficial athletic conference of elite liberal arts colleges.	wesleyan, along with amherst college and williams college, is a member of the little three colleges, an unofficial athletic conference of liberal arts colleges.
despite the commercial success of the album, it has been subject to some criticism for its tone and greatly simplified lyricism compared to eminem's past albums.	despite the commercial success of the album, it has been subject to some criticism for its tone and simplified lyricism compared to eminem's past albums.
between 1994 and march 2012, there had been murders in all of south africa and between 1990 and march 2012, there had been murders on south african farms of which of the victims were black .	between 1994 and march 2012, there had been murders in all of south africa and between 1990 and march 2012, there had been murders on south african farms of which of the victims were white .
and as a deterrence against terrorism by punishing anyone suspected of aiding militants, and/or their families.	and as a deterrence against terrorism by punishing those suspected of aiding militants, and/or their families.
in the indian- occupied jammu and kashmir, the injured are being treated at srinagar's smhs hospital and the uri field hospital, with many makeshift medical facilities being set up to help the injured.	in the indian- administered jammu and kashmir, the injured are being treated at srinagar's smhs hospital and the uri field hospital, with many makeshift medical facilities being set up to help the injured.
by 23 august, no enemy soldiers remained free on serbian soil.	by 23 august, no austro-hungarian soldiers remained free on serbian soil.
he is best known for playing baldrick in the bbc television series blackadder and for hosting channel 4 programmes such as time team and the worst jobs in history.	he is known for playing baldrick in the bbc television series blackadder and for hosting channel 4 programmes such as time team and the worst jobs in history.
it was the backbone of the northern rhodesian economy during british colonial rule, but its economic importance was severely damaged by a crash in global copper prices in 1973 and the nationalization of the copper mines by the government of dictator kenneth kaunda.	it was the backbone of the northern rhodesian economy during british colonial rule, but its economic importance was severely damaged by a crash in global copper prices in 1973 and the nationalization of the copper mines by the government of kenneth kaunda.
most computer scientists believe that p  np.	according to a poll, many computer scientists believe that p  np.
the provisional ira's east tyrone brigade was one of the most famous republican paramilitary groups in northern ireland over the course of the 'troubles'.	the provisional ira's east tyrone brigade was one of the most active republican paramilitary groups in northern ireland over the course of the 'troubles'.
scindia (anglicized from shinde and also spelled as scindhia, sindhia, sindia) is a royal kunbi clan found mainly in maharashtra.	scindia (anglicized from shinde and also spelled as scindhia, sindhia, sindia) is a kunbi clan found mainly in maharashtra.
richard martini (born 12 march 1955) is an award-winning american film director, producer, screenwriter and freelance journalist.	richard martini (born 12 march 1955) is an american film director, producer, screenwriter and freelance journalist.
evp advocates, including professor david fontana, distinguished visiting fellow at cardiff university, report that raudive conducted a number of recording sessions inside an rf screened laboratory where a number of clearly audible voices were said to have been recorded.	evp advocates, including professor david fontana, distinguished visiting fellow at cardiff university, say that raudive conducted a number of recording sessions inside an rf screened laboratory where a number of clearly audible voices were said to have been recorded.
a state-of-the-art video game for superleague formula was made by media game and image space incorporated and released for pc on 31 october 2009, although it was originally announced to be released in september.	a video game for superleague formula was made by media game and image space incorporated and released for pc on 31 october 2009, although it was originally announced to be released in september.
a range of liberal measures were also introduced by jefferson during his time as governor of virginia, including public education, fairer inheritance laws, and religious freedom.	a range of liberal measures were also introduced by jefferson during his time as governor of virginia, including public education, inheritance laws, and religious freedom.
red dictionary best online dictionaries in one page.	red dictionary several online dictionaries in one page.
health warning: headbanging leads to brain damage, as the brain gets smashed against the skull when the head is violently moved about.	health warning: headbanging could lead to brain damage, as the brain gets smashed against the skull when the head is violently moved about.
in spite of this, blantyre city probably has the most number of schools out of any other malawian city offering western standard education.	in spite of this, blantyre city probably has the most number of schools out of any other malawian city offering international standard education.
the film is an over-the-top parody of the western film genre as well as a satire about racism.	the film is an parody of the western film genre as well as a satire about racism.
this match was already controversial: in the australian innings, martin snedden took a spectacular low outfield catch off the batting of greg chappell when chappell was on 52. it was disallowed by the umpires, although tv replays clearly showed it was a clean catch.	this match was already controversial: in the australian innings, martin snedden took a low outfield catch off the batting of greg chappell when chappell was on 52. it was disallowed by the umpires, although tv replays clearly showed it was a clean catch.
"in super mario sunshine, during the third shine of sirena beach, one of the hotel employees working on the ducts claims that the ghosts in there are annoying and he wishes that ""someone would come and suck them away with a vaccum or something"", an obvious reference to the game."	"in super mario sunshine, during the third shine of sirena beach, one of the hotel employees working on the ducts claims that the ghosts in there are annoying and he wishes that ""someone would come and suck them away with a vaccum or something"", an reference to the game."
the belligerents were united states marines and sailors against mexican insurgents , commanded by mexican army officers.	the belligerents were united states marines and sailors against mexican militia , commanded by mexican army officers.
in august 2013 the wall street journal reported that saudi prince bandar bin sultan had been appointed to lead saudi arabia's efforts to topple syrian dictator bashar al-assad, and that the us central intelligence agency considered this a sign of how serious saudi arabia was about this aim.	in august 2013 the wall street journal reported that saudi prince bandar bin sultan had been appointed to lead saudi arabia's efforts to topple syrian president bashar al-assad, and that the us central intelligence agency considered this a sign of how serious saudi arabia was about this aim.
nintendocore is a music genre that fuses different aggressive styles of modern rock with 8-bit music, chiptunes, and video game music.	nintendocore is a music genre that fuses aggressive styles of modern rock with 8-bit music, chiptunes, and video game music.
"in reality, it was a generational conflict between the old guard sicilian leadership, fondly known as the ""mustache petes"" for their long mustaches and old-world ways, and the ""young turks"", a younger and more diverse italian group who wanted to work more with non-italians."	"in reality, it was a generational conflict between the old guard sicilian leadership, known as the ""mustache petes"" for their long mustaches and old-world ways, and the ""young turks"", a younger and more diverse italian group who wanted to work more with non-italians."
zaire's flamboyant president mobutu ss seko asked for the fight to be held in his country, eager for the publicity such a high-profile event would bring.	zaire's president mobutu ss seko asked for the fight to be held in his country, eager for the publicity such a high-profile event would bring.
the pass, and therefore the strategically significant road, was seized from the control of pakistani forces and others connected to that country by the indian army in 1947. it was later re-occupied by pakistan, prior to the ceasefire of 1 january 1949, and control was retained until the 1965 war.	the pass, and therefore the strategically significant road, was taken from the control of pakistani forces and others connected to that country by the indian army in 1947. it was later re-occupied by pakistan, prior to the ceasefire of 1 january 1949, and control was retained until the 1965 war.
"he also performed the incredible solo from spinal tap's ""break like the wind""."	"he also performed the solo from spinal tap's ""break like the wind""."
"the wrapper features a stylish yellow and black checkerboard ""taxi"" pattern."	"the wrapper features a yellow and black checkerboard ""taxi"" pattern."
of caff nero's 600 uk stores, only 11 stores have either had planning permission controversies and/or enforcement action taken.	of caff nero's 600 uk stores, 11 stores have either had planning permission controversies and/or enforcement action taken.
the decision to end her fast comes as a surprise considering her earlier statement that she would eat rice from her mother's hand the day afspa is repealed as the draconian act is still enforced in manipur.	the decision to end her fast comes as a surprise considering her earlier statement that she would eat rice from her mother's hand the day afspa is repealed as the act is still enforced in manipur.
temple is a under-class district of glasgow, in the north of the city, bounded by anniesland to the south, knightswood to the west and kelvindale to the east.	temple is a district of glasgow, in the north of the city, bounded by anniesland to the south, knightswood to the west and kelvindale to the east.
these are criticized as being reprehensible innovations which are at best unnecessary.	these are criticized as being innovations which are at best unnecessary.
as many as 1.6 million jews were murdered in horrible open-air shootings by nazis and their collaborators, especially in 1941 before the establishment of the concentration camps.	as many as 1.6 million jews were murdered in open-air shootings by nazis and their collaborators, especially in 1941 before the establishment of the concentration camps.
columbus repeatedly had to deal with understandably rebellious settlers and natives.	columbus repeatedly had to deal with rebellious settlers and natives.
some point to free agent busts such as strong safety adam archuleta and wide receiver brandon lloyd.	some point to free agent signings such as strong safety adam archuleta and wide receiver brandon lloyd.
james gregory (december 23, 1911 - september 16, 2002) was a great american character actor noted for playing brash roles such as mccarthy-like senator joseph iselin in the manchurian candidate (1962) and loudmouthed inspector luger in barney miller (tv-series 1975 - 1982).	james gregory (december 23, 1911 - september 16, 2002) was a american character actor noted for playing brash roles such as mccarthy-like senator joseph iselin in the manchurian candidate (1962) and loudmouthed inspector luger in barney miller (tv-series 1975 - 1982).
however, at the 2012 summit of the americas argentina failed to gather support for a joint statement on the falklands dispute by the other american countries.	however, at the 2012 summit of the americas argentina perceived a failer to gather support for a joint statement on the falklands dispute by the other american countries.
jacob frank, false messiah in poland, founder of frankists	jacob frank, self-proclaimed messiah in poland, founder of frankists
the university of warwick is a world-class campus university which, despite its name, is located mainly inside the southern boundary of coventry, england, some 11 km (c. 7 miles) from the town of warwick, the remainder of the campus (the cryfield site) being situated across gibbet hill road on land donated by warwickshire.	the university of warwick is a campus university which, despite its name, is located mainly inside the southern boundary of coventry, england, some 11 km (c. 7 miles) from the town of warwick, the remainder of the campus (the cryfield site) being situated across gibbet hill road on land donated by warwickshire.
orlando figes (; born 20 november 1959) is a british historian and writer best known for his works on russian history.	orlando figes (; born 20 november 1959) is a british historian and writer known for his works on russian history.
several hundred hooligans attacked the us, uk, belgian, croatian and turkish embassies in belgrade.	several hundred protesters attacked the us, uk, belgian, croatian and turkish embassies in belgrade.
georgian king david ivs victories over the seljuk turks inflicted a final blow to islamic tbilisi, and a georgian army triumphantly entered the city in 1122, ending four hundred years of muslim rule.	georgian king david ivs victories over the seljuk turks inflicted a final blow to islamic tbilisi, and a georgian army entered the city in 1122, ending four hundred years of muslim rule.
heterosexuality is one of the three main classifications of sexual orientation along with bisexuality and homosexuality, which are each parts of the heterosexualhomosexual continuum.	heterosexuality is by far the largest of the three main classifications of sexual orientation along with bisexuality and homosexuality, which are each parts of the heterosexualhomosexual continuum.
teague first came to prominence as a college athlete in the 1993 sugar bowl on the university of alabama football team.	teague first came to note as a college athlete in the 1993 sugar bowl on the university of alabama football team.
democrat brad henry barely won the election with 43% of the vote.	democrat brad henry won the election with 43% of the vote.
"the day after the news of his death reached england, the tory newspaper the courier gloated : ""shelley, the writer of some infidel poetry, has been drowned; now he knows whether there is god or no."""	"the day after the news of his death reached england, the tory newspaper the courier printed : ""shelley, the writer of some infidel poetry, has been drowned; now he knows whether there is god or no."""
gotama (c. 2nd–3rd century) (also spelt gautama; ) was an indian philosopher and logician who wrote the nyya sutras, considered to be the foundation of the nyya school of hinduism .	gotama (c. 2nd–3rd century) (also spelt gautama; ) was an indian philosopher and logician who wrote the nyya sutras, considered to be the foundation of the nyya school of philosophy .
prefaced by debt accrued during the french and indian war of which the american colonies were expected to help repay, tensions escalated from 1765 to 1775 over burdened issues of taxation without representation and control by king george iii.	prefaced by debt accrued during the french and indian war of which the american colonies were expected to help repay, tensions escalated from 1765 to 1775 over issues of taxation without representation and control by king george iii.
"korten came to realize that the crisis of deepening poverty, growing inequality, environmental devastation, and social disintegration he was observing in asia was also being experienced in nearly every country in the world -- including the united states and other ""developed"" countries."	"korten came to believe that the crisis of deepening poverty, growing inequality, environmental devastation, and social disintegration he was observing in asia was also being experienced in nearly every country in the world -- including the united states and other ""developed"" countries."
unfortunately the team lost to newark academy in the semifinals of the state tournament in 2010.	the team lost to newark academy in the semifinals of the state tournament in 2010.
only five years later, preparations for the first satellite launch began at the musudan-ri launch facility on august 7, 1998. two weeks later, korean people's navy vessels proceeded to their mission area into the sea of japan (east sea of korea).	five years later, preparations for the first satellite launch began at the musudan-ri launch facility on august 7, 1998. two weeks later, korean people's navy vessels proceeded to their mission area into the sea of japan (east sea of korea).
annie scrambler: a beautiful girl who is frequently envious of the accomplishments of others.	annie scrambler: a girl who is frequently envious of the accomplishments of others.
ayman al-zawahiri may have been killed in a u.s. brutal airstrike today in pakistan.	ayman al-zawahiri may have been killed in a u.s. airstrike today in pakistan.
the people's republic of china launches a landmark property law designed to better protect individual property rights.	the people's republic of china launches a property law designed to better protect individual property rights.
friday night, saturday morning – contains account of muggeridge's infamous blasphemy tv debate with monty python	friday night, saturday morning – contains account of muggeridge's blasphemy tv debate with monty python
songs of sanctuary was a huge commercial success, topping classical album charts.	songs of sanctuary was a commercial success, topping classical album charts.
a night auditor is a strange hotel employee who typically handles both the duties of the front desk agent and some of the duties of the accounting department.	a night auditor is a hotel employee who typically handles both the duties of the front desk agent and some of the duties of the accounting department.
conservapedia has unique editorial policies designed to prevent what schlafly sees as structural and ideological problems with wikipedia and generalized vandalism.	conservapedia has editorial policies designed to prevent what schlafly sees as structural and ideological problems with wikipedia and generalized vandalism.
"this album contains studio versions of some outstanding live performances by adam lambert such as ""mad world"", ""tracks of my tears"", and ""ring of fire""."	"this album contains studio versions of some live performances by adam lambert such as ""mad world"", ""tracks of my tears"", and ""ring of fire""."
rush limbaugh added to the controversy when he described nowrasteh as a friend and promoted his work on the rush limbaugh show .	rush limbaugh added to the controversy when he described nowrasteh as a friend and described his work on the rush limbaugh show .
since its declaration of independence from georgia in 1991 during the georgian-ossetian conflict, it is governed by the republic of south ossetia (recognised only by russian federation and nicaragua, both in 2008; see international recognition of abkhazia and south ossetia), which claims the territory of the south ossetian autonomous oblast within the former georgian soviet socialist republic.	since its declaration of independence from georgia in 1991 during the georgian-ossetian conflict, it is governed by the republic of south ossetia (recognised by russian federation and nicaragua, both in 2008; see international recognition of abkhazia and south ossetia), which claims the territory of the south ossetian autonomous oblast within the former georgian soviet socialist republic.
the celebration relates to the summer solstice when nights are the shortest and includes a number of fascinating pagan rituals.	the celebration relates to the summer solstice when nights are the shortest and includes a number of pagan rituals.
was another popular side which are now unfortunately defunct.	was another popular side which are now defunct.
on 26 april 2008, a 45 yard wonder volley was scored by substitute yates to condemn mansfield town to non-league football.	on 26 april 2008, a 45 yard volley was scored by substitute yates to condemn mansfield town to non-league football.
stephen joseph died at the tragically young age of 46, on wednesday 4 october 1967, at his home in scarborough.	stephen joseph died at the young age of 46, on wednesday 4 october 1967, at his home in scarborough.
banks attended immaculate heart high school in los angeles, california, a popular catholic girls' school, where she insists that her classmates made fun of her because of her height and weight.	banks attended immaculate heart high school in los angeles, california, a catholic girls' school, where she insists that her classmates made fun of her because of her height and weight.
aanchal is a hindi film released in 1980 starring superstar rajesh khanna, rekha, rakhee and amol palekar.	aanchal is a hindi film released in 1980 starring rajesh khanna, rekha, rakhee and amol palekar.
"in 2001, bbc director-general greg dyke admitted that the bbc was ""hideously white"", and acknowledged difficulties with ""race relations""."	"in 2001, bbc director-general greg dyke said that the bbc was ""hideously white"", and acknowledged difficulties with ""race relations""."
weatherman, also known as the weather underground organization (never 'the weathermen'), were a us-based terrorist organization, consisting of splintered-off members and leaders of the students for a democratic society (sds).	weatherman, also known as the weather underground organization (never 'the weathermen'), were a us-based radical organization, consisting of splintered-off members and leaders of the students for a democratic society (sds).
freemasonry is an organisation that has its origins based in the craft of stone masons and builders who built king solomon's temple and the cathedrals and castles of europe.	freemasonry is an organisation that has its origins based in the craft of stone masons and builders believe to have built king solomon's temple and the cathedrals and castles of europe.
skyos is a commercial hobbyist operating system developed by robert szeleney.	skyos is a commercial operating system developed by robert szeleney.
"before long, the two were working together as a potent duo, beginning with ""still a g thang,"" one of the better songs on snoop's da game is to be sold, not to be told."	"before long, the two were working together as a potent duo, beginning with ""still a g thang,"" one of the songs on snoop's da game is to be sold, not to be told."
unfortunately this has been removed to better use the available floor space of the site, and decrease maintenance and cleaning costs.	this has been removed to better use the available floor space of the site, and decrease maintenance and cleaning costs.
her friendship with pop -tart britney spears has been widely reported as a homosexual relationship.	her friendship with pop singer britney spears has been widely reported as a homosexual relationship.
stephen is happily engaged to meghan whittaker and resides in tecumseh, ontario with their two children.	stephen is engaged to meghan whittaker and resides in tecumseh, ontario with their two children.
"comic stan freberg created a parody of the show in a song called ""wun'erful wun'erful (sides uh-one and uh-two)"", which became a top 30 hit in 1957. originally performed on freberg's cbs radio series, the single spoofed the mediocre musicianship among some of welk's musicians (including welk himself)."	"comic stan freberg created a parody of the show in a song called ""wun'erful wun'erful (sides uh-one and uh-two)"", which became a top 30 hit in 1957. originally performed on freberg's cbs radio series, the single spoofed the musicianship among some of welk's musicians (including welk himself)."
advocates of proper food combining believe that the result of too many miscombined meals is a backlog of undigested food in the stomach.	advocates of such food combining believe that the result of too many miscombined meals is a backlog of undigested food in the stomach.
it was not until much later that slavery itself was actually abolished.	it was not until 26 years later that slavery itself was actually abolished.
"on 23 may 1949, the federal republic of germany was established on the territory of the western occupied zones, with bonn as its provisional capital, and declared ""fully sovereign"" on may 5, 1955. on 7 october 1949 the soviet zone was established as the german democratic republic (gdr, deutsche demokratische republik), with east berlin as its capital."	"on 23 may 1949, the federal republic of germany was established on the territory of the western occupied zones, with bonn as its capital, and declared ""fully sovereign"" on may 5, 1955. on 7 october 1949 the soviet zone was established as the german democratic republic (gdr, deutsche demokratische republik), with east berlin as its capital."
charles thomas munger (born january 1 1924, in omaha, nebraska) is vice-chairman of berkshire hathaway corporation, the diversified investment corporation chaired by legendary investor warren buffett.	charles thomas munger (born january 1 1924, in omaha, nebraska) is vice-chairman of berkshire hathaway corporation, the diversified investment corporation chaired by investor warren buffett.
in a polyphase (usually three-phase) ac system, the neutral conductor is intended to have similar voltages to each of the other circuit conductors, but may carry very little current if the phases are balanced .	in a polyphase (usually three-phase) ac system, the neutral conductor is intended to have similar voltages to each of the other circuit conductors, but may carry very little current if the phases are unbalanced .
the teens' misplaced loyalties, disturbing indifference and deviant behaviour are set to a brilliantly- nihilistic heavy metal soundtrack.	the teens' misplaced loyalties, disturbing indifference and deviant behaviour are set to a nihilistic heavy metal soundtrack.
jnos (john) hunyadi (hungarian: hunyadi jnos , romanian: iancu (ioan) de hunedoara, slovak: jn huady, serbian: / sibinjanin janko) (c. 1407 – 11 august 1456), nicknamed the white knight was a hungarian general (14441446) and regent-governor (14461453) of the kingdom of hungary.	jnos (john) hunyadi (hungarian: hunyadi jnos , romanian: iancu (ioan) de hunedoara, slovak: jn huady, serbian: / sibinjanin janko) (c. 1407 – 11 august 1456), nicknamed the white knight was a general (14441446) and regent-governor (14461453) of the kingdom of hungary.
this generous contribution is believed to be the largest private donation in new zealand educational history, and was driven by mr. glenn's belief in the business school's mission and in the benefits high quality business education holds for new zealand business and society.	this contribution is believed to be the largest private donation in new zealand educational history, and was driven by mr. glenn's belief in the business school's mission and in the benefits high quality business education holds for new zealand business and society.
following a series of controversial business decisions centered around the cancellation of silent hills, unethical treatment of its employees, and subsequent departure of longtime key figures such as hideo kojima, creator of the metal gear solid series; koji igarashi, programmer, writer, assistant director, and producer of numerous castlevania series; and keiichiro toyama, creator of the silent hill series; konami became the object of intense criticism and scrutiny from both the video game community and video game news publishers.	following a series of controversial business decisions centered around the cancellation of silent hills, treatment of its employees, and subsequent departure of longtime key figures such as hideo kojima, creator of the metal gear solid series; koji igarashi, programmer, writer, assistant director, and producer of numerous castlevania series; and keiichiro toyama, creator of the silent hill series; konami became the object of intense criticism and scrutiny from both the video game community and video game news publishers.
with market uncertainty due to fears of a double-dip recession and the downgrade of the us credit rating in the summer of 2011, the topics of how little the the rich pay in taxes and how to solve the nation's economic crisis, were predominant in media commentary.	with market uncertainty due to fears of a double-dip recession and the downgrade of the us credit rating in the summer of 2011, the topics of how much the the rich pay in taxes and how to solve the nation's economic crisis, were predominant in media commentary.
however, the entry of building materials was suspended after the uncovering of a terrorist tunnel on october 7th 2013.	however, the entry of building materials was suspended after the uncovering of a tunnel on october 7th 2013.
"met with predictably hostile reviews from what d. d. guttenplan calls the ""enforcers"" of the american jewish establishment."	"met with hostile reviews from what d. d. guttenplan calls the ""enforcers"" of the american jewish establishment."
as her popularity as a comedienne grew she was cast as a supporting player on the richard pryor show in 1977. guest appearances on evening talk shows followed.	as her popularity as a comedian grew she was cast as a supporting player on the richard pryor show in 1977. guest appearances on evening talk shows followed.
kylie bax (born january 5 1975, ) is a new zealand-born supermodel and actress.	kylie bax (born january 5 1975, ) is a new zealand-born model and actress.
in what unfortunately proved to be malkowski's last game for the club, he made a serious error in the next derby match, when he dropped a tame free kick by paul hartley into the path of edgaras jankauskas, who scored into the unguarded net.	in what proved to be malkowski's last game for the club, he made a serious error in the next derby match, when he dropped a tame free kick by paul hartley into the path of edgaras jankauskas, who scored into the unguarded net.
starlin co-created the kung fu craze cash-in character shang chi and then began his most legendary work: a re-imagining of a minor lee/kirby creation, adam warlock.	starlin co-created the kung fu craze cash-in character shang chi and then began his most clebrated work: a re-imagining of a minor lee/kirby creation, adam warlock.
the use of the name gruenwald is clearly an homage to mark gruenwald, who conceived project pegasus.	the use of the name gruenwald is presumably an homage to mark gruenwald, who conceived project pegasus.
in 1999, washington, dc's annual cherry blossom festival was plagued by a family of beavers that lived in the tidal basin.	in 1999, washington, dc's annual cherry blossom festival was interrupted by a family of beavers that lived in the tidal basin.
"construction is underway on a number of exciting high-rise building developments mostly condo ""lofts"" with retail and office space on the lower levels."	"construction is underway on a number of high-rise building developments mostly condo ""lofts"" with retail and office space on the lower levels."
the case of the iwc 2007 top gun edition of the pilot's watch double chronograph is crafted in high-tech black ceramic.	the case of the iwc 2007 top gun edition of the pilot's watch double chronograph is crafted in black ceramic.
the pygmy was a known idea to privileged norse explorers like leif eriksson and as north america was a foreign and inhospitable land on the edges of the known world to the norse, they were quick to label these new people as pygmies, since they would have been smaller in stature to the norse explorers.	the pygmy was a known idea to norse explorers like leif eriksson and as north america was a foreign and inhospitable land on the edges of the known world to the norse, they were quick to label these new people as pygmies, since they would have been smaller in stature to the norse explorers.
"the great polish-born writer joseph conrad had said of him, ""he was the only great man to emerge on the scene during the first world war."""	"the known polish-born writer joseph conrad had said of him, ""he was the only great man to emerge on the scene during the first world war."""
severin also provides sufficient evidence in his book that another publicised case of a real-life marooned miskito central american man named only as will may have caught defoe's attention, inspiring the depiction of man friday in his novel.	severin also provides evidence in his book that another publicised case of a real-life marooned miskito central american man named only as will may have caught defoe's attention, inspiring the depiction of man friday in his novel.
british troops stationed in palestine arrived fresh from deployment in the russian civil war, fighting alongside the antisemitic white movement.	british troops stationed in palestine arrived fresh from deployment in the russian civil war, fighting alongside the white movement.
this litigation led to the release of important documents that revealed r.j. reynolds tobacco company had studied under-aged smokers with a view toward selling cigarettes and consequently induced youths to start smoking through targeted advertising.	this litigation led to the release of documents that revealed r.j. reynolds tobacco company had studied under-aged smokers with a view toward selling cigarettes and consequently induced youths to start smoking through targeted advertising.
"on 15 june 2006 iran banned the sale of the economist when it published a map mislabelling the persian gulf simply as ""gulf"" a choice that derives its political significance from the persian gulf naming dispute."	"on 15 june 2006 iran banned the sale of the economist when it published a map labelling the persian gulf simply as ""gulf"" a choice that derives its political significance from the persian gulf naming dispute."
some conspiracy theorists believe that a large conspiracy is covering up the existence of additional planted explosives.	some conspiracy theorists believe that a conspiracy is covering up the existence of additional planted explosives.
underwood has raised more money than any of cuellar's prior republican opponents, but questions have been raised in underwood's hometown newspaper (seguin gazette) about his extensive criminal record which includes a guilty plea for a felony criminal mischief charge.	underwood has raised more money than any of cuellar's prior republican opponents, but questions have been raised in underwood's hometown newspaper (seguin gazette) about his criminal record which includes a guilty plea for a felony criminal mischief charge.
it has acquired the 1.6 million signatures required to do so in california and is preparing to formally submit them.	it claims to have acquired the 1.6 million signatures required to do so in california and is preparing to formally submit them.
yash raj films, a famous movie production company.	yash raj films, a movie production company.
the royal hunt of the sun (1964) presents the tragic conquest of peru by the spanish, while black comedy (1965) takes a hilarious look at the antics of a group of characters feeling their way around a pitch black room although the stage is, of course, actually flooded with light.	the royal hunt of the sun (1964) presents the tragic conquest of peru by the spanish, while black comedy (1965) takes a humorous look at the antics of a group of characters feeling their way around a pitch black room although the stage is, of course, actually flooded with light.
shortly thereafter, 13 of the authors of papers cited by baliunas and soon refuted her interpretation of their work.	shortly thereafter, 13 of the authors of papers cited by baliunas and soon disputed her interpretation of their work.
the vichy regime, proclaimed by marshal philippe ptain after the fall of france in 1940 before nazi germany, was quickly recognized by the allies, including the ussr until 30 june 1941 and operation barbarossa.	the vichy regime, proclaimed by marshal philippe ptain after the fall of france in 1940 before nazi germany, was quickly recognized by the allies, as well as by the ussr until 30 june 1941 and operation barbarossa.
from this point, the hall fell into a state of further disrepair until its saddening demolition in 1966. during the 1950s, the grounds of the hall and the barrack huts that had been erected by the raf were used to house students on the 'holidays with pay' scheme run by the government.	from this point, the hall fell into a state of further disrepair until its demolition in 1966. during the 1950s, the grounds of the hall and the barrack huts that had been erected by the raf were used to house students on the 'holidays with pay' scheme run by the government.
in october 2007 boyle embarked on a tedious stand-up tour of britain, playing over 100 dates and enjoying a sold-out run that was extended through until december 2008. boyle said that he planned to quit stand-up before he turned 40, had written his final tour and plans to do more television work after this.	in october 2007 boyle embarked on a stand-up tour of britain, playing over 100 dates and enjoying a sold-out run that was extended through until december 2008. boyle said that he planned to quit stand-up before he turned 40, had written his final tour and plans to do more television work after this.
the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a terrorist organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.	the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a militant organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.
the anti- choice organization americans united for life (aul) has begun a petition called fight foca which it plans to send to congress if the act is reintroduced in the 111th congress.	the anti- abortion organization americans united for life (aul) has begun a petition called fight foca which it plans to send to congress if the act is reintroduced in the 111th congress.
in late 1966, when dean torrence of jan & dean needed some songs for a new album, he enlisted the help of gary zekley, a very talented los angeles singer/songwriter/producer torrence had worked with previously.	in late 1966, when dean torrence of jan & dean needed some songs for a new album, he enlisted the help of gary zekley, a talented los angeles singer/songwriter/producer torrence had worked with previously.
on july 12 2006 hezbollah attacked an israeli border patrol, murdered eight soldiers, and kidnapped two others, sparking the 2006 lebanon war.	on july 12 2006 hezbollah attacked an israeli border patrol, killed eight soldiers, and kidnapped two others, sparking the 2006 lebanon war.
fair use, in relation to fair dealing, has appropriately been described as the fairest system as it shifts the entire analysis to the fairness of the dealing, rather than a two-stage analysis requiring an initial permissible purpose before moving to a second-stage consideration of fairness.	fair use, in relation to fair dealing, has been described as the fairest system as it shifts the entire analysis to the fairness of the dealing, rather than a two-stage analysis requiring an initial permissible purpose before moving to a second-stage consideration of fairness.
it now enjoys great currency in the conservative and libertarian blogosphere as an all-purpose insult for modern liberals (in the american sense of the word), war protestors, and other ideological opponents.	it now enjoys great currency in the conservative and libertarian blogosphere as an all-purpose label for modern liberals (in the american sense of the word), war protestors, and other ideological opponents.
mary was joined in paris by her father, sir thomas, and her younger sister, anne, who had been studying in the netherlands for the last year.	mary was joined in paris by her father, sir thomas, and her sister, anne, who had been studying in the netherlands for the last year.
fraser was accused of being affiliated with white supremacist groups, including the patriotic youth league (pyl), by the anti- white group fightdemback.	fraser was accused of being affiliated with white supremacist groups, including the patriotic youth league (pyl), by the anti- racist group fightdemback.
ramzan paskayev (born march 16, 1947 in taraz, kazakhstan) is a legendary chechen accordionist and folk musician.	ramzan paskayev (born march 16, 1947 in taraz, kazakhstan) is a chechen accordionist and folk musician.
unfortunately in recent times the football club finds itself under financial hardship due in part to having its changing rooms burnt in an arson attack; and with league rules stating each team should provide suitable facilities for home and away teams they have had to rely on the help of teams in the two divisions of the northern football league until financial support is provided within the club.	in recent times the football club finds itself under financial hardship due in part to having its changing rooms burnt in an arson attack; and with league rules stating each team should provide suitable facilities for home and away teams they have had to rely on the help of teams in the two divisions of the northern football league until financial support is provided within the club.
curly fries have a round shape, like a slinky, and are often seasoned with delicious spices.	curly fries have a round shape, like a slinky, and are often seasoned with various spices.
dixie derives from jeremiah dixon, a surveyor of the mason-dixon line which defined the border between maryland and pennsylvania, and, for the most part, free and slave states (delaware, a union border state, and slave state up to the ratification of the thirteenth amendment, lay north and east of the famous survey line.)	dixie derives from jeremiah dixon, a surveyor of the mason-dixon line which defined the border between maryland and pennsylvania, and, for the most part, free and slave states (delaware, a union border state, and slave state up to the ratification of the thirteenth amendment, lay north and east of the survey line.)
without proper treatment bipolar disorder can destroy families, friendships, careers, and even lives.	without proper treatment bipolar disorder can effect families, friendships, careers, and even lives.
in the war in defense of the constitution, the commonwealth was betrayed by its prussian ally, frederick william ii, and defeated by catherine the great's imperial russia allied with the targowica confederation, a cabal of polish magnates and landless nobility who opposed reforms that might weaken their influence.	in the war in defense of the constitution, the commonwealth was betrayed by its prussian ally, frederick william ii, and defeated by catherine the great's imperial russia allied with the targowica confederation, a coalition of polish magnates and landless nobility who opposed reforms that might weaken their influence.
the longfellow bridge, like many bridges in the commonwealth, is in a sorry state of disrepair.	the longfellow bridge, like many bridges in the commonwealth, is in a state of disrepair.
in the war of the sixth coalition (18121814), a reactionary coalition of austria, prussia, russia, sweden, the united kingdom, and a number of german states finally defeated france and drove napoleon bonaparte into exile on elba.	in the war of the sixth coalition (18121814), a coalition of austria, prussia, russia, sweden, the united kingdom, and a number of german states finally defeated france and drove napoleon bonaparte into exile on elba.
jonathan de boyne pollard has written a separate diatribe against spf that discusses alleged spf's conflicts with mail rfcs, its ability to force isps to force their customers to use mail in particular ways, and the forwarding issue.	jonathan de boyne pollard has written a separate argument against spf that discusses alleged spf's conflicts with mail rfcs, its ability to force isps to force their customers to use mail in particular ways, and the forwarding issue.
the a-league plays during summer, the traditional off-season, to avoid conflict with the more popular football codes in publicity and facilities.	the a-league plays during summer, the traditional off-season, to avoid conflict with the more established football codes in publicity and facilities.
george seawright (1951 3 december 1987) was a controversial unionist politician and paramilitary in northern ireland who was assassinated by the irish people's liberation organisation (iplo) during the troubles.	george seawright (1951 3 december 1987) was a unionist politician and paramilitary in northern ireland who was assassinated by the irish people's liberation organisation (iplo) during the troubles.
a few years before in 1998, australian legends mark waugh and shane warne were fined for revealing information about the 'weather' to a bookmaker.	a few years before in 1998, australian players mark waugh and shane warne were fined for revealing information about the 'weather' to a bookmaker.
"in the incarnation, the divine nature of the son was perfectly united with human nature in one divine person jesus christ, who was both ""truly god and truly man"" (chalcedonian creed)."""	"in the incarnation, the divine nature of the son was united with human nature in one divine person jesus christ, who was both ""truly god and truly man"" (chalcedonian creed)."""
were a powerful football club best known for moving directly from playing in amateur sunday league parks football to the semi-professional southern league during their short fourteen year existence.	were a football club best known for moving directly from playing in amateur sunday league parks football to the semi-professional southern league during their short fourteen year existence.
the americans went on to pound australia 78-49 in the bronze metal game.	the americans went on to beat australia 78-49 in the bronze metal game.
sfgmc was heard around the world singing at san francisco city hall during the same-gender marriage ceremonies of february and march 2004, including for comedienne and talk show host rosie o'donnell.	sfgmc was heard around the world singing at san francisco city hall during the same-gender marriage ceremonies of february and march 2004, including for comedian and talk show host rosie o'donnell.
the dragon lensman (worsel, the legendary velantian dragon)	the dragon lensman (worsel, the velantian dragon)
amundsen's achievement was unfairly eclipsed (in the british empire at least) by scott's reputation.	amundsen's achievement was eclipsed (in the british empire at least) by scott's reputation.
the proposed four-turn spiral of gravenne de montpezat on the partly- completed ligne transcvenole between saint-cirgues and aubenas (ardche) in the cvennes was sadly never constructed.	the proposed four-turn spiral of gravenne de montpezat on the partly- completed ligne transcvenole between saint-cirgues and aubenas (ardche) in the cvennes was never constructed.
a defeat of st. vincent's in the 1961 secured a coveted championship medal for carroll.	a defeat of st. vincent's in the 1961 secured a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal for carroll.
after the division of the roman empire in 285 ad, cypriots enjoyed home rule for almost nine centuries under the jurisdiction of the byzantine empire, something not seen again until 1960. perhaps the most important event of the early byzantine period was the local church's independence from the patriarchate of antioch and all the east in 431. the bishop of the ancient capital salamis (renamed constantia by emperor constantius ii) was constituted metropolitan by emperor zeno, with the title archbishop.	after the division of the roman empire in 285 ad, cypriots had home rule for almost nine centuries under the jurisdiction of the byzantine empire, something not seen again until 1960. perhaps the most important event of the early byzantine period was the local church's independence from the patriarchate of antioch and all the east in 431. the bishop of the ancient capital salamis (renamed constantia by emperor constantius ii) was constituted metropolitan by emperor zeno, with the title archbishop.
joseph getraer on the hit nbc television series chips (197783).	joseph getraer on the nbc television series chips (197783).
ephialtes of trachis, who gave thermopylae to the persians.	ephialtes of trachis, who betrayed thermopylae to the persians.
daisy) is a communal village and an israeli settlement in the northern samaria , under the jurisdiction of shomron regional council.	daisy) is a communal village and an israeli settlement in the northern west bank , under the jurisdiction of shomron regional council.
"major general philip sheridan rampaged up the valley from winchester and destroyed ""2,000 barns filled with grain and implements, not to mention other outbuildings, 70 mills filled with wheat and flour"" and ""numerous head of livestock,"" according to the official records."	"major general philip sheridan agressively marched up the valley from winchester and destroyed ""2,000 barns filled with grain and implements, not to mention other outbuildings, 70 mills filled with wheat and flour"" and ""numerous head of livestock,"" according to the official records."
in recent years, amongst roman catholicism, the grounds for annulment (judging that a marriage was invalid from its inception) have been made much more expansive.	in recent years, amongst roman catholicism, the grounds for annulment (judging that a marriage was invalid from its inception) have been made more expansive.
telstra has faced stiff competition since the late 1980s from optus (australia's 2nd largest communication company) and a host of other smaller providers.	telstra has faced competition since the late 1980s from optus (australia's 2nd largest communication company) and a host of other smaller providers.
this is a list of railroad -related periodicals.	this is a list of some rail transport -related periodicals .
while the m68k was a 32-bit processor, the version originally used in the amiga, the 68000, had a 16-bit external data bus (that transferred 32 bit of data in two consecutive steps, a technique called multiplexing -- all this transparent to the software, what was 32-bit from the beginning), and the original machine (along with its contemporary, the atari st) was generally incorrectly referred to in the press as a 16-bit computer; later models sported fully 32-bit designs.	while the m68k was a 32-bit processor, the version originally used in the amiga, the 68000, had a 16-bit external data bus (that transferred 32 bit of data in two consecutive steps, a technique called multiplexing -- all this transparent to the software, what was 32-bit from the beginning), and the original machine (along with its contemporary, the atari st) was generally referred to in the press as a 16-bit computer; later models sported fully 32-bit designs.
this civilization seamlessly evolved into hinduism and the associated indian culture that is known today.	this civilization evolved into hinduism and the associated indian culture that is known today.
the 2004 united states senate election in georgia was held november 2, 2004. incumbent senator zell miller, a centrist democrat, retired in 2004, leaving an open seat.	the 2004 united states senate election in georgia was held november 2, 2004. incumbent senator zell miller, a democrat, retired in 2004, leaving an open seat.
while majoring in english literature at barnard college, she performed in small venues in greenwich village, where she was a regular contributor to jack hardy's now-legendary monday night songwriters group at the cornelia street cafe.	while majoring in english literature at barnard college, she performed in small venues in greenwich village, where she was a regular contributor to jack hardy's monday night songwriters group at the cornelia street cafe.
one feature of his speech was the extensive quotation of a letter he had supposedly received detailing the experiences of one of his constituents in wolverhampton.	one feature of his speech was the extensive quotation of a letter he had received detailing the experiences of one of his constituents in wolverhampton.
"the futile war in afghanistan, often referred to as the soviet union's ""vietnam,"" led to increased public dissatisfaction with the moscow regime."	"the war in afghanistan, often referred to as the soviet union's ""vietnam,"" led to increased public dissatisfaction with the moscow regime."
in the condolence letter sent by the rebbe to the family after his passing , the rebbe referred to him as a tzaddik.	in the condolence letter sent by the rebbe to the family after his death , the rebbe referred to him as a tzaddik.
the imagery of halloween is derived from many sources, including national customs, works of gothic and horror literature (such as the novels frankenstein and dracula), and classic horror /porn films (such as frankenstein and the mummy).	the imagery of halloween is derived from many sources, including national customs, works of gothic and horror literature (such as the novels frankenstein and dracula), and classic horror films (such as frankenstein and the mummy).
the southern tier shared in the economic growth of the early 19th century, but its hilly terrain made it less suitable to canal-building and, later, railroading, than the historic corridor to the north between albany and buffalo.	the southern tier shared in the economic growth of the early 19th century, but its hilly terrain made it less suitable to canal-building and, later, railroading, than the more level corridor to the north between albany and buffalo.
the album was issued posthumously, shortly after his passing .	the album was issued posthumously, shortly after his death .
maury ( sometimes known as the maury povich show) is a syndicated american tabloid talk show hosted by maury povich.	maury ( originally known as the maury povich show) is a syndicated american tabloid talk show hosted by maury povich.
she is perhaps best known as playing ruth powers in various episodes of tv's the simpsons and playing arnold schwarzenegger's gluttonous partner in the 1990 movie kindergarten cop.	she is perhaps best known as playing ruth powers in various episodes of tv's the simpsons and playing arnold schwarzenegger's hypoglycemic partner in the 1990 movie kindergarten cop.
"for example, in english historical review, zbynk zeman observed that malcolm ""tries not to take sides"", but in american historical review, nicholas j. miller beleived that the book was ""conceptually flawed"" due to malcolm's insistence on treating kosovo as ""a place on its own; rather than a scrap of irredenta that serbs and albanians fight over""."	"for example, in english historical review, zbynk zeman observed that malcolm ""tries not to take sides"", but in american historical review, nicholas j. miller stated that the book was ""conceptually flawed"" due to malcolm's insistence on treating kosovo as ""a place on its own; rather than a scrap of irredenta that serbs and albanians fight over""."
gary shaw (born 21 january 1961) was an explosive striker who played for aston villa in the early 1980s.	gary shaw (born 21 january 1961) was an english football striker who played for aston villa in the early 1980s.
hant demonstrates that hitler was not as illiterate as once thought.	hant states that hitler was not as illiterate as once thought.
the pioneering heavy metal band black sabbath	the heavy metal band black sabbath
"such was the name recognition and societal influence of the bunker character that by 1972 commentators were discussing the ""archie bunker vote"" (i.e., the voting bloc comprised of urban, white, working-class men) in that year's presidential election; in the same year, there was a significant parody election campaign, complete with t-shirts, campaign buttons, and bumper stickers advocating ""archie bunker for president."""	"such was the name recognition and societal influence of the bunker character that by 1972 commentators were discussing the ""archie bunker vote"" (i.e., the voting bloc comprised of urban, white, working-class men) in that year's presidential election; in the same year, there was a parody election campaign, complete with t-shirts, campaign buttons, and bumper stickers advocating ""archie bunker for president."""
this appeal was compromised further by the alleged fascist sympathies of some of its leading members, including new president saunders lewis.	this appeal was compromised further by the alleged right-wing sympathies of some of its leading members, including new president saunders lewis.
bailey once again stirred controversy in 2005 as senior author of a study which claimed male bisexuality does not exist, based on results of controversial penile plethysmograph testing.	bailey once again stirred controversy in 2005 as senior author of a study which claimed male bisexuality does not exist, based on results of penile plethysmograph testing.
lerner was born into an underpriviledged family whose meager income came from the familys dairy farm.	lerner was born into an poor family whose meager income came from the familys dairy farm.
this huge event will be played between the new york giants and miami dolphins.	this event will be played between the new york giants and miami dolphins.
in modern greek, it is called , gender neuter , with plural form .	in modern greek, it is called , gender neutral , with plural form .
the turkish crescent unsurprisingly figures prominently in the marche pour la crmonie des turcs, part of jean-baptiste lully's music for molire's comdie-ballet le bourgeois gentilhomme (1670).	the turkish crescent figures prominently in the marche pour la crmonie des turcs, part of jean-baptiste lully's music for molire's comdie-ballet le bourgeois gentilhomme (1670).
against same-sex marriage	opposition to same-sex marriage
(thanks to the government interference aeroflot will now have a say in how the airport is run) reconstruction of sheremetyevo is scheduled to begin in 2005 and analysts hope that by the end of 2007, more than 15 million passengers will be passing through sheremetyevo's various terminals.	(thanks to the government intervention aeroflot will now have a say in how the airport is run) reconstruction of sheremetyevo is scheduled to begin in 2005 and analysts hope that by the end of 2007, more than 15 million passengers will be passing through sheremetyevo's various terminals.
dictators such as kim jong-il of north korea continued to lead their nations toward the development of nuclear weapons.	people such as kim jong-il of north korea continued to lead their nations toward the development of nuclear weapons.
"rabbi shimon hecht of neighbouring park slope rightfully disputed his right to do so, claiming that prospect heights was within his ""territory""; shortly afterwards hecht's niece and her husband moved into the area, his son started a chabad center of his own, and his wife opened a branch of her day-care center in the area."	"rabbi shimon hecht of neighbouring park slope disputed his right to do so, claiming that prospect heights was within his ""territory""; shortly afterwards hecht's niece and her husband moved into the area, his son started a chabad center of his own, and his wife opened a branch of her day-care center in the area."
this article is about diego velazquez the great 17th century spanish painter.	this article is about diego velazquez the 17th century spanish painter.
michael moore's highly critical documentary fahrenheit 9/11 proved strong business connections between the bush family and the bin laden family.	michael moore's highly critical documentary fahrenheit 9/11 alleges strong business connections between the bush family and the bin laden family.
the beginning and conclusion of christ 's parable of the minas in the gospel of luke chapter 19 may refer to archelaus' journey to rome.	the beginning and conclusion of jesus 's parable of the minas in the gospel of luke chapter 19 may refer to archelaus' journey to rome.
the bcs is a computer ranking format and bowl setup that has decided the unofficial but de facto ncaa division i-a national football championship since 1998. among the criticisms of the bcs (and the bowl system in general), include the fact that the final ranking of division i-a ncaa football teams is decided by arbitrary and subjective standards, much like beauty pageants.	the bcs is a computer ranking format and bowl setup that has decided the unofficial but de facto ncaa division i-a national football championship since 1998. among the criticisms of the bcs (and the bowl system in general), include the opinion that the final ranking of division i-a ncaa football teams is decided by arbitrary and subjective standards, much like beauty pageants.
197988: superstardom	197988: stardom
a former miss indiana titleholder and miss america 1993 contestant, yoder has worked as a director of many non-profit organizations.	a former miss indiana titleholder and miss america 1993 contestant, yoder has worked as a director of several non-profit organizations.
with legislation banning chinese from many professions, chinese entered professions that european canadians did not want to do, like laundry shops or salmon processing.	with legislation banning chinese from many professions , chinese entered professions that non-chinese canadians did not want to do , like laundry shops or salmon processing.
righturj camp george, opened in 1999, is located 2 hours north of toronto, canada in beautiful parry sound, ontario.	righturj camp george, opened in 1999, is located 2 hours north of toronto, canada in parry sound, ontario.
move america forward is a pro-american non profit political action group based in california in the united states.	move america forward is a controversial, conservative non profit political action group based in california in the united states.
barbara graham (june 26, 1923 – june 3, 1955) was an american criminal and convicted murderess .	barbara graham (june 26, 1923 – june 3, 1955) was an american criminal and convicted murderer .
dan brown (born june 22, 1964) is an american author of thriller fiction, best known for the 2003 bestselling novel, the da vinci code.	dan brown (born june 22, 1964) is an american author of thriller fiction, widely known for the 2003 bestselling novel, the da vinci code.
buswell faced a fresh crisis when it was revealed in a corruption and crime commission (ccc) report on 10 june 2008 that a motion moved in parliament by his staunchest backer, shadow minister for road safety john mcgrath, had been provided to him by disgraced lobbyists brian burke and julian grill.	buswell faced a fresh crisis when it was revealed in a corruption and crime commission (ccc) report on 10 june 2008 that a motion moved in parliament by his staunchest backer, shadow minister for road safety john mcgrath, had been provided to him by lobbyists brian burke and julian grill.
the rest of the story concerns the robot's attempts in becoming a real boy by seeking blue fairy (a clear reference to pinocchio), in order to regain his mother's love and acceptance once more, as his love was hard-wired into him, and hence everlasting.	the rest of the story concerns the robot's attempts in becoming a real boy by seeking blue fairy (a reference to pinocchio), in order to regain his mother's love and acceptance once more, as his love was hard-wired into him, and hence everlasting.
the new anti-semitism refers to the contemporary international resurgence of anti-jewish incidents and attacks on jewish symbols, as well as the acceptance of anti-semitic beliefs and their expression in public discourse.	the new anti-semitism refers to an alleged contemporary international resurgence of anti-jewish incidents and attacks on jewish symbols, as well as the acceptance of anti-semitic beliefs and their expression in public discourse.
yaakov amidror highlighted the high number of hezbollah militants killed, the quick military response to hezbollah's long-range rocket attacks, the post-war presence of the lebanese army and unifil in southern lebanon, and iran's loss of hezbollah as a deterrent against an israeli first strike following the war.	yaakov amidror highlighted the number of hezbollah militants killed, the quick military response to hezbollah's long-range rocket attacks, the post-war presence of the lebanese army and unifil in southern lebanon, and iran's loss of hezbollah as a deterrent against an israeli first strike following the war.
performing to whom it may concern to an audience of 7,000 at the fabled albert hall poetry reading of 1965 and, right, the updated iraq version in 2008	performing to whom it may concern to an audience of 7,000 at the albert hall poetry reading of 1965 and, right, the updated iraq version in 2008
bringing attention to the so-called malaria crisis is one of the organization's main activities, and it has championed the use of ddt to fight the disease.	bringing attention to the malaria crisis is one of the organization's main activities, and it has championed the use of ddt to fight the disease.
in the wake of this defeat, large areas in the north of the electorate, including the duchy of berg, and even parts of the neutral duchy of jlich fell under the occupation of hesse-cassel.	in the wake of this defeat, large areas in the north of the electorate, including the duchy of berg, and even parts of the duchy of jlich fell under the occupation of hesse-cassel.
the republican liberty caucus, founded in 1990 in tallahassee, florida by ex-libertarian party member eric dondero rittberg, represents the gop's growing libertarian republican movement.	the republican liberty caucus, founded in 1990 in tallahassee, florida by ex-libertarian party member eric dondero rittberg, claims to represent what some see as the gop's growing libertarian republican movement.
she has reportedly been involved in short-term relationships with playwright jeff smeenge, actor jake gyllenhaal, and musician johnny borrell of razorlight.	she has reportedly been involved in relationships with playwright jeff smeenge, actor jake gyllenhaal, and musician johnny borrell of razorlight.
it is known for the famous world class it parks like tidel park, ascendas, elnet software city, and ticel biotech park which are situated in this area.	it is known for the world class it parks like tidel park, ascendas, elnet software city, and ticel biotech park which are situated in this area.
also featured were the jockey johnny murtagh and the comedienne deirdre o'kane.	also featured were the jockey johnny murtagh and the comedian deirdre o'kane.
"therefore, whilst some accents may ""drop hs"", transforming ""hello"" to ""'ello"", or merge the t sound and the d sound at the beginning of unaccented syllables, pronouncing ""coding"" and ""coating"" the same (as uneducated americans and australians do), received pronunciation makes sure to enunciate every consonant distinctly, except for the r consonant, which is not pronounced when it immediately precedes a consonant (as in cart), and which is enunciated at the end of syllables only when linking with vowel sounds."	"therefore, whilst some accents may ""drop hs"", transforming ""hello"" to ""'ello"", or merge the t sound and the d sound at the beginning of unaccented syllables, pronouncing ""coding"" and ""coating"" the same (as some americans and australians do), received pronunciation makes sure to enunciate every consonant distinctly, except for the r consonant, which is not pronounced when it immediately precedes a consonant (as in cart), and which is enunciated at the end of syllables only when linking with vowel sounds."
ruth bratt is an english actress and comedienne .	ruth bratt is an english actress and comedian .
the retreat of the ottoman army was hampered by the brave resistance of bratislava which once more bombarded the ottomans.	the retreat of the ottoman army was hampered by the resistance of bratislava which once more bombarded the ottomans.
anne hamilton, 3rd duchess of hamilton (6 january 1631 17 october 1716) was a scottish peeress .	anne hamilton, 3rd duchess of hamilton (6 january 1631 17 october 1716) was a scottish peer .
she was brought up within a narrow low church anglican family, but at that time the midlands was an area with a growing number of religious dissenters.	she was brought up within a low church anglican family, but at that time the midlands was an area with a growing number of religious dissenters.
vili fualaau (born june 26, 1983), is a samoan-american who became infamous when at the age of 13 he seduced his 33- year old teacher mary kay letourneau.	vili fualaau (born june 26, 1983), is a samoan-american who became infamous when at the age of 13 he had sex with his 33- year old teacher mary kay letourneau.
bloody sunday (1972), shooting of innocent civilians by members of the 1st battalion, british parachute regiment in derry, northern ireland.	bloody sunday (1972), shooting of civilians by members of the 1st battalion, british parachute regiment in derry, northern ireland.
sabato's 23 proposals run the gamut from changing the length of the u.s. president's term in office and the number and terms of supreme court justices to altering the structure of congress, fixing the electoral college, and introducing universal national service.	sabato's 23 proposals run the gamut from changing the length of the u.s. president's term in office and the number and terms of supreme court justices to altering the structure of congress, modifying the electoral college, and introducing universal national service.
subjective viewpoint is what it is called when the leading actor is the subject of the pov.	i like to suck huge weinerssubjective viewpoint is what it is called when the leading actor is the subject of the pov.
on november 18, 2013, the dow towered above the 16,000 level.	on november 18, 2013, the dow closed above the 16,000 level.
in pakistan occupied kashmir, a common preparation for bhang consists of first boiling the leaves and flowers of the female cannabis plant for a short time.	in pakistan -administered kashmir , a common preparation for bhang consists of first boiling the leaves and flowers of the female cannabis plant for a short time.
the eastern thessalian forcesthe kissavos and pelion sub-commandswere forced to cross the thessalian plain in a daring three-day operation, moving only under cover of darkness.	the eastern thessalian forcesthe kissavos and pelion sub-commandswere forced to cross the thessalian plain in a three-day operation, moving only under cover of darkness.
therefore, the nature of evil has a necessary role to play in god's plan for a better world.	therefore, they say nature of evil has a necessary role to play in god's plan for a better world.
"sell out tours in uk, europe and japan followed as did other great albums (highway, free live, free at last, and heartbreaker)over the next 3 years, but after one split and reformation (mainly to ""see the ailing kossoff smile again""), an end was called in 1973. rodgers and kirke went on to the successful bad company while kossoff released a solo album, back street crawler and formed a band of the same name."	"sell out tours in uk, europe and japan followed as did other albums (highway, free live, free at last, and heartbreaker) over the next 3 years, but after one split and reformation (mainly to ""see the ailing kossoff smile again""), an end was called in 1973. rodgers and kirke went on to the successful bad company while kossoff released a solo album, back street crawler and formed a band of the same name."
"due to these donations respectively, he was criticized by some democrats as insufficiently loyal to the party or being a ""republican in disguise"" during the campaign."	"due to these donations respectively, he was criticized by democrats as insufficiently loyal to the party or being a ""republican in disguise"" during the campaign."
stonehill college is a nationally-ranked, private roman catholic college located in easton, massachusetts, united states, founded in 1948. the college is renowned for its stunning campus, extensive study abroad programs, and for its rigorous academic curriculum .	stonehill college is a nationally-ranked, private roman catholic college located in easton, massachusetts, united states, founded in 1948. the college is renowned for its campus, extensive study abroad programs, and for its rigorous academic curriculum .
he was martyred by the indian army, who had orders from indian prime minister indira gandhi to remove all armed militants inside the temple.	he was killed by the indian army, who had orders from indian prime minister indira gandhi to remove all armed militants inside the temple.
though the institution boasts five separate schools and colleges, the institution's reputation is grounded in the arts and engineering.	though the institution has five separate schools and colleges, the institution's reputation is grounded in the arts and engineering.
patentreader.com - fastest free service to download us patent documents.	patentreader.com - free service to download us patent documents.
"the origins of conflict between catholics and protestants in northern ireland lie in the british settler-colonial plantation of ulster in 1609, which confiscated native owned land and settled ulster with (mainly protestant) english and scottish ""planters""."	"the origins of conflict between catholics and protestants in the north of ireland lie in the british settler-colonial plantation of ulster in 1609, which confiscated native owned land and settled ulster with (mainly protestant) english and scottish ""planters""."
different groups have made different arguments for the role of cosmic ray forcing in climate change.	different groups have made different arguments regarding the role of cosmic ray forcing in climate change.
hedge funds have to file accounts and conduct their business in compliance with the less onerous requirements of these offshore centres.	hedge funds have to file accounts and conduct their business in compliance with the less stringent requirements of these offshore centres.
he was a participant in the kakori train action .	he was a participant in the kakori train robbery .
carnegie mellon's amazing job network is consistently ranked among the best in the nation.	carnegie mellon's job network is consistently ranked among the best in the nation.
however, as wimbledon became more established in the top flight of english football after promotion in 1986, their style of play became more advanced , and their bizarre behaviour was no longer as unexpected.	however, as wimbledon became more established in the top flight of english football after promotion in 1986, their style of play became more usual , and their bizarre behaviour was no longer as unexpected.
simon is happily married to cindy simon, and together they have four children, cary, willie, lulu, and griffith.	simon is married to cindy simon, and together they have four children, cary, willie, lulu, and griffith.
"bush moved with his family to washington, d.c. in 1988, to work on his father's campaign for the u.s. presidency, working closely with members of the so-called ""religious right."""	"bush moved with his family to washington, d.c. in 1988, to work on his father's campaign for the u.s. presidency, working closely with members of the ""religious right."""
trying to end their horrendous eight-game skid, the cardinals stayed at home for a week 11 fight with the detroit lions.	trying to end their eight-game skid, the cardinals stayed at home for a week 11 fight with the detroit lions.
the roman republic (latin: res publica romanorum) was the republican government of the city of rome and its territories from 510 bc until its subversion into the roman empire.	the roman republic (latin: res publica romanorum) was the republican government of the city of rome and its territories from 510 bc until its transformation into the roman empire.
mother jones (abbreviated mojo) is a far-left american magazine featuring investigative and breaking news reporting on politics, the environment, human rights, and culture.	mother jones (abbreviated mojo) is a american magazine featuring investigative and breaking news reporting on politics, the environment, human rights, and culture.
conan the marauder is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the marauder is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
irrational anthems is an album by prolific british folk metal band, skyclad, released in 1996; their sixth album in as many years.	irrational anthems is an album by british folk metal band, skyclad, released in 1996; their sixth album in as many years.
acorns are also sometimes prepared as a sexual massage oil.	acorns are also sometimes prepared as a massage oil.
in an interview with john humphrys on bbc radio 4's today programme on tuesday, 19 december 2006, dr butler reiterated his claim that he had not been drinking heavily, and contended that someone who was greatly intoxicated could not have negotiated the complex tube route to his home from the reception location.	in an interview with john humphrys on bbc radio 4's today programme on tuesday, 19 december 2006, dr butler reiterated his statement that he had not been drinking heavily, and contended that someone who was greatly intoxicated could not have negotiated the complex tube route to his home from the reception location.
it disperses widely when not breeding, and sometimes wanders far, including three amazing records from great britain.	it disperses widely when not breeding, and sometimes wanders far, including three records from great britain.
though the city is middle-class on average, many residents are high-income , and some are also low-income .	though the city is middle-class on average, some residents are high-income, and some are also low-income.
the fanatic practice of mortification of the flesh for religious purposes includes the christian flagellant movements of the 13th century, the present-day members of opus dei, and many shias during the festival of ashura.	the practice of mortification of the flesh for religious purposes includes the christian flagellant movements of the 13th century, the present-day members of opus dei, and many shias during the festival of ashura.
the infamous oscar class submarine kursk was based at ara bay.	the oscar class submarine kursk was based at ara bay.
it is only the eighth film ever to win eight academy awards and the eleventh best picture oscar winner without a single acting nomination.	it is the eighth film ever to win eight academy awards and the eleventh best picture oscar winner without a single acting nomination.
"in response to muller's claim that during the vietnam war american soldiers had stepped mainly on their own landmines, she infamously said ""no wonder you guys lost."""	"in response to muller's claim that during the vietnam war american soldiers had stepped mainly on their own landmines, she reportedly said ""no wonder you guys lost."""
the widely publicized german atrocities in germany shocked american public opinion.	the widely publicized atrocities in germany shocked american public opinion.
his father is sir michael somare, the former prime minister of papua new guinea.	his father is sir michael somare, the disputed prime minister of papua new guinea.
around 1900, an accident occurred near riversdale, when a train ran into a chinese funeral procession, thankfully resulting in no injuries.	around 1900, an accident occurred near riversdale, when a train ran into a chinese funeral procession, fortunately resulting in no injuries.
"costing 100-million the new campus covers 35 acres and holds ""educational buildings, a students union, a microscopic gym and halls of residence of more than 800 rooms"", and has been ""touted as the country's greenest university campus""."	"costing 100-million the new campus covers 35 acres and holds ""educational buildings, a students union, a small gym and halls of residence of more than 800 rooms"", and has been ""touted as the country's greenest university campus""."
elaine c. smith (born 1958), scottish actress and comedienne	elaine c. smith (born 1958), scottish actress and comedian
"traditionally, it has had a reputation for arbitrary ""frontier justice""; in one notorious example highlighted by renowned stanford legal historian lawrence m. friedman, its appellate courts sustained a conviction of ""guily"" (where the t was omitted) in 1879 but reversed a conviction of ""guity"" (where the l was omitted) in 1886. the latter decision actually attempted to distinguish the earlier one by trying to explain why the letter l was more important than the letter t. the poor quality of texas justice has been blamed on the state's shortage of proper law schools and law libraries, as well as the traditional preference of texans for ""'self-help' justice as practiced in the courts of 'judge winchester' or 'judge lynch.'"""	"traditionally, it has had a reputation for arbitrary ""frontier justice""; in one notorious example highlighted by stanford legal historian lawrence m. friedman, its appellate courts sustained a conviction of ""guily"" (where the t was omitted) in 1879 but reversed a conviction of ""guity"" (where the l was omitted) in 1886. the latter decision actually attempted to distinguish the earlier one by trying to explain why the letter l was more important than the letter t. the poor quality of texas justice has been blamed on the state's shortage of proper law schools and law libraries, as well as the traditional preference of texans for ""'self-help' justice as practiced in the courts of 'judge winchester' or 'judge lynch.'"""
this project, known as the ultimate alarm project, created notoriety for amco with coverage for the project in leading technology blogs including msn, mashable and engadget generating over 100,000 views for the project videos on youtube.	this project, known as the ultimate alarm project, created notability for amco with coverage for the project in leading technology blogs including msn, mashable and engadget generating over 100,000 views for the project videos on youtube.
boll is notorious for adapting video games into movies, having directed and produced a number of such adaptations, including house of the dead, alone in the dark, alone in the dark ii, bloodrayne, bloodrayne ii: deliverance, in the name of the king: a dungeon siege tale, postal and now the latest film far cry.	boll is best-known for adapting video games into movies, having directed and produced a number of such adaptations, including house of the dead, alone in the dark, alone in the dark ii, bloodrayne, bloodrayne ii: deliverance, in the name of the king: a dungeon siege tale, postal and now the latest film far cry.
however, the location in the scene is clearly not tucumcari.	however, the location in the scene is not tucumcari.
"polish flag defaced with the ""anchor"""	"polish flag with the ""anchor"""
the beta israel made renewed contacts with other jewish communities in the later 20th century.	the beta israel made contacts with other jewish communities in the later 20th century.
in 1979, he was ideally cast as the time-displaced hero in unidentified flying oddball, disney's updated remake of a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court.	in 1979, he was cast as the time-displaced hero in unidentified flying oddball, disney's updated remake of a connecticut yankee in king arthur's court.
the act helped put an end to the despicable system of patronage that was in widespread use at the time.	the act helped put an end to the system of patronage that was in widespread use at the time.
a great britain release date for the film has been announced, that being march 12, 2010. for her brilliant performance, sandra bullock won the golden globe award for best actress motion picture drama.	a great britain release date for the film has been announced, that being march 12, 2010. for her performance, sandra bullock won the golden globe award for best actress motion picture drama.
his detailed record of his journeys through suffolk and cambridgeshire survives:	his detailed record of his trail of destruction through suffolk and cambridgeshire survives:
a more useful demonstration of religious realities would be to set out the startling decline in numbers of christian parishes in recent years, especially among the historically predominant protestant denominations of the united church of canada, anglican church of canada and presbyterian church in canada, as amply demonstrated by historic saturday church advertisements in the leader-post which indicate a drastic decline in the number of congregations in recent decades.	a more useful demonstration of religious realities would be to set out the drastic decline in numbers of christian parishes in recent years, especially among the historically predominant protestant denominations of the united church of canada, anglican church of canada and presbyterian church in canada, as amply demonstrated by historic saturday church advertisements in the leader-post which indicate a drastic decline in the number of congregations in recent decades.
in 1989 tuman published his most famous work, the horrors of war (bespua povijesne zbiljnosti ) in which he questioned the number of victims during world war ii in yugoslavia.	in 1989 tuman published his most famous work, the horrors of war (bespua povijesne neozbiljnosti ) in which he questioned the number of victims during world war ii in yugoslavia.
the haw par group owns 2 oceanariums - the popular underwater world oceanarium attraction at sentosa, singapore, and underwater world pattaya in thailand.	the haw par group owns 2 oceanariums - the underwater world oceanarium attraction at sentosa, singapore, and underwater world pattaya in thailand.
east haven high school is also known for its great marching band.	east haven high school is also known for its marching band.
mumford moved across to prior to the commencement of the 2014 afl season, after he was forced out of the swans due to their controversial acquisition of lance franklin during the 2013/14 off-season.	mumford moved across to prior to the commencement of the 2014 afl season, after he was forced out of the swans due to their acquisition of lance franklin during the 2013/14 off-season.
ararat is a 2002 film directed, written, and co-produced by atom egoyan based loosely on the siege of van during the armenian genocide, an event that is denied by the government of turkey.	ararat is a 2002 film directed, written, and co-produced by atom egoyan based loosely on the siege of van during the armenian genocide, an event that is disputed by the government of turkey.
unfortunately , because of a six month delay, this idea was called-off and riverside never made it into the game.	however , because of a six month delay, this idea was called-off and riverside never made it into the game.
petah tikva, the first zionist colony , established in israel.	petah tikva, the first zionist moshava , established in israel.
french supermodel , laetitia casta plays a femme fatale in the video.	french model , laetitia casta plays a femme fatale in the video.
pious young jews came from europe to escape persecution.	young jews came from europe to escape persecution.
at the time, gore refused to expand on how he felt about the movie being shown to children with the errors in place or if he'd done anything to correct them.	at the time, gore declined to expand on how he felt about the movie being shown to children with the errors in place or if he'd done anything to correct them.
after graduating in december 2010 in just three and a half years with a degree in media studies, vereen decided to forgo his senior season and declared for the nfl draft.	after graduating in december 2010 in three and a half years with a degree in media studies, vereen decided to forgo his senior season and declared for the nfl draft.
this complicated redesign was explained as:	this redesign was explained as:
the diagnosis is now being used as a disguise for serious mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and mood disorders.	the diagnosis is sometimes seen as being used as a disguise for serious mental illnesses such as schizophrenia and mood disorders.
he is the brother of the late comedienne and actress victoria wood.	he is the brother of the late comedian and actress victoria wood.
bukowski turned his inner devastation into a series of poems and stories lamenting her passing .	bukowski turned his inner devastation into a series of poems and stories lamenting her death .
kahane chai was led by meir's son binyamin ze'ev kahane out of kfar tapuach until he and his wife were murdered in an ambush by palestinian arab moslem terrorists in 2000. both groups were outlawed by israel in 1994 under anti-terrorism laws following statements in support of baruch goldstein's massacre of arabs at the cave of the patriarchs.	kahane chai was led by meir's son binyamin ze'ev kahane out of kfar tapuach until he and his wife were murdered in an ambush by palestinian arab moslem terrorists in 2000. both groups were outlawed by israel in 1994 under anti-terrorism laws following statements in support of baruch goldstein's killing of arabs at the cave of the patriarchs.
jemima embraced islam before she married khan.	jemima converted to islam before she married khan.
this anti-gay psychoanalytic approach toward homosexuality has been repudiated by the psychoanalytic mainstream and the theories that underlie it countered by analysts offering gay-affirmative approaches.	this psychoanalytic approach toward homosexuality has been repudiated by the psychoanalytic mainstream and the theories that underlie it countered by analysts offering gay-affirmative approaches.
in 2015 she was selected to play the coveted role of anne shirley, in a new retelling of the canadian classic, anne of green gables.	in 2015 she was selected to play the role of anne shirley, in a new retelling of the canadian classic, anne of green gables.
pratt home, clinton hillclinton hill is a small neighborhood in north-central portion of the borough of brooklyn in new york city.	pratt home, clinton hillclinton hill is a neighborhood in north-central portion of the borough of brooklyn in new york city.
prominent examples of open-source software include the apache http server, mozilla firefox, and the gnu/ linux operating system.	prominent examples of open-source software include the apache http server, mozilla firefox, and the linux operating system.
they prefer to use the modern language new world translation of the holy scriptures published by the watchtower bible and tract society of new york, although their literature occasionally quotes and cites other translations.	they prefer to use the modern language new world translation of the holy scriptures published by the watchtower bible and tract society of new york, although their literature frequently quotes and cites other translations.
unfortunately granada television announced in the summer of 2006 that the series had been cancelled due to financial difficulties, and no further episodes would be filmed.	granada television announced in the summer of 2006 that the series had been cancelled due to financial difficulties, and no further episodes would be filmed.
this feature was improved in windows vista, in that the first click is always in an empty region.	this feature was altered in windows vista, in that the first click is always in an empty region.
after ambassador wilson wrote an article debunking this assertion, the identity of his wife as cia employee was made public - alledgedly for the 1st time.	after ambassador wilson wrote an article denouncing this assertion, the identity of his wife as cia employee was made public - alledgedly for the 1st time.
under hitler's charismatic leadership germany emerged from the depths of post world war i defeat to rebuild its economy and decimated military.	under hitler's leadership germany emerged from the depths of post world war i defeat to rebuild its economy and decimated military.
he pointed factual inaccuracies in the books by both ann coulter, and bernard goldberg (listed above) and looks at talk show host bill o'reilly and his host fox news that disputes the claim of a liberal bias.	he alleged factual inaccuracies in the books by both ann coulter, and bernard goldberg (listed above) and looks at talk show host bill o'reilly and his host fox news that disputes the claim of a liberal bias.
"the colonial efforts were opposed by bismarck and his supporters who favoured germany gaining international power through dominating europe and creating a german ""mitteleuropa"" (middle europe) through taking land from the russian empire which would provide germany with sufficient economic resources and land to colonize ."	"the colonial efforts were opposed by bismarck and his supporters who favoured germany gaining international power through dominating europe and creating a german ""mitteleuropa"" (middle europe) through taking land from the russian empire which would provide germany with sufficient economic resources and land to exploit at the cost of non-german population ."
there were also set to be attractions based on roger rabbit, judge doom, and baby herman opening in a major expansion at the disney's hollywood studios and tokyo disneyland, but after the financial disaster of the euro disney resort, plans were dramatically cut back.	there were also set to be attractions based on roger rabbit, judge doom, and baby herman opening in a major expansion at the disney's hollywood studios and tokyo disneyland, but after the financial troubles of the euro disney resort, plans were dramatically cut back.
the old kingdom pyramid texts depict k3w as a threatening supernatural energy that the gods possess.	the old kingdom pyramid texts depict k3w as a supernatural energy that the gods possess.
creation according to genesis refers to the description of the creation of the heavens and the earth by the hebrew god elohim, as described in genesis, the first book of the bible.	creation according to genesis refers to the description of the creation of the heavens and the earth by the hebrew deity elohim , as described in genesis, the first book of the bible.
"he made his original remarks in direct response to ill-conceived attacks against science fiction that used ""the worst examples of the field for ammunition."""	"he made his original remarks in direct response to attacks against science fiction that used ""the worst examples of the field for ammunition."""
opus dei's professed mission in society and its general strategy	opus dei's mission in society and its general strategy
xara xtreme is notable for its usability and very fast renderer .	xara xtreme is notable for its usability and fast renderer .
a big leicester city fan, andy still lives in the city as well as spending time in london and manchester.	a leicester city fan, andy still lives in the city as well as spending time in london and manchester.
at a nearby bar, amy meets carla (kathryn hahn), a laid back, oversexed single mom, and kiki (kristen bell) a stay-at-home mother of four who admires amy's dissent from gwendolyn.	at a nearby bar, amy meets carla (kathryn hahn), a laid back, sexually-active single mom, and kiki (kristen bell) a stay-at-home mother of four who admires amy's dissent from gwendolyn.
the australian historian b. w. o'dwyer suggests that there is strong circumstantial evidence that traditional irish games influenced wills.	the australian historian b. w. o'dwyer suggests that there is circumstantial evidence that traditional irish games influenced wills.
at the age of 27 he was awarded the prestigious prix goncourt.	at the age of 27 he was awarded the prix goncourt.
to earn a darwin award, the candidate must have injured or killed himself , rather than a third party.	to earn a darwin award, the candidate must have injured or killed themself , rather than a third party.
the institution, which celebrates its 80th anniversary in 2007, aspires to provide a torah education combined with a great secular education to both boys and girls.	the institution, which celebrates its 80th anniversary in 2007, aspires to provide a torah education combined with a secular education to both boys and girls.
after graduation, ross joined the texas rangers, and in 1860, led troops in the battle of pease river, where he kidnapped cynthia ann parker, who had been captured by the comanches as a child.	after graduation, ross joined the texas rangers, and in 1860, led troops in the battle of pease river, where he recaptured cynthia ann parker, who had been captured by the comanches as a child.
the national trade council (ntc) of the united states is the principal forum used by the president of the united states to advise on innovative strategies in trade negotiations, coordinate with other agencies to assess u.s. manufacturing capabilities and the defense industrial base, and help match unemployed american workers with new opportunities in the skilled manufacturing sector.	the national trade council (ntc) of the united states is the principal forum used by the president of the united states to advise on strategies in trade negotiations, coordinate with other agencies to assess u.s. manufacturing capabilities and the defense industrial base, and help match unemployed american workers with new opportunities in the skilled manufacturing sector.
sadly the amulonites seem to only be included in the record as an example of what not to do, and to bring hardship and pain on those around them.	the amulonites seem to only be included in the record as an example of what not to do, and to bring hardship and pain on those around them.
he may have naively imagined jews and arabs living peacefully in the same land.	he may have originally imagined jews and arabs living peacefully in the same land.
the jewish attacks, arab attacks and revots , and the subsequent british crackdown hastened the british evacuation from palestine .	the jewish attacks, arab attacks and revolts , and the subsequent british crackdown hastened the british evacuation from palestine .
k-9 and company is a failed pilot for a proposed television series spinning off from doctor who, released in 1981: .	k-9 and company is a pilot for a proposed television series spinning off from doctor who, released in 1981: .
intolerance was made partly in response to criticism of griffith's previous film, the birth of a nation (1915), which was attacked by the naacp and other groups as perpetuating racial stereotypes and glorifying the ku klux klan.	intolerance was made partly in response to criticism of griffith's previous film, the birth of a nation (1915), which was criticized by the naacp and other groups as perpetuating racial stereotypes and glorifying the ku klux klan.
"polish director wojciech has, whose two major films, the saragossa manuscript (1965) and the hour-glass sanatorium (1973), are examples of modernist fantasies, has been compared to fellini for the sheer ""luxuriance of his images""."	"polish director wojciech has, whose two best-received films, the saragossa manuscript (1965) and the hour-glass sanatorium (1973), are examples of modernist fantasies, has been compared to fellini for the sheer ""luxuriance of his images""."
in 1998, dell founded msd capital l.p. to exclusively manage his and his family's investments.	in 1998, dell founded msd capital l.p. to manage his and his family's investments.
the identification of the song with sinatra became so strong, and the song so iconic, that the soviet government of mikhail gorbachev jokingly referred to their policy of non-intervention in the internal affairs of other warsaw pact countries as the sinatra doctrine.	the identification of the song with sinatra became so strong, and the song so iconic, that the soviet government of mikhail gorbachev jokingly referred to its policy of non-intervention in the internal affairs of other warsaw pact countries as the sinatra doctrine.
he next studied at the moscow conservatory with yakov zak himself .	he next studied at the moscow conservatory with yakov zak.
the comedienne was reportedly both distraught and devastated over the charges.	the comedian was reportedly both distraught and devastated over the charges.
the song has also achieved huge commercial success by topping charts in australia, canada, germany, france, the republic of ireland, sweden, switzerland, the united kingdom, and the united states, as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries.	the song has also achieved commercial success by topping charts in australia, canada, germany, france, the republic of ireland, sweden, switzerland, the united kingdom, and the united states, as well as reaching the top ten in many other countries.
terrance was a star offensive at 4-a powerhouse clarksdale high school.	metcalf was a star offensive at 4-a powerhouse clarksdale high school.
approximately 10,000 rioters demanded the resignation of gyurcsny and his party for lying throughout the term and then during the campaign to win the next election.	approximately 10,000 protesters demanded the resignation of gyurcsny and his party for lying throughout the term and then during the campaign to win the next election.
incumbent alderwoman mary kiss sought a fifth-term, which would have made her the longest-serving female councillor in the city's history.	incumbent alderman mary kiss sought a fifth-term, which would have made her the longest-serving female councillor in the city's history.
it was during his time at sea that mills witnessed great loss of life caused by the tragically unsafe engaging and disengaging methods used on ship lifeboats.	it was during his time at sea that mills witnessed great loss of life caused by the unsafe engaging and disengaging methods used on ship lifeboats.
a decade later (july, 2006), the department of veterans affairs (va) / veterans health administration (vha) was the recipient of the prestigious innovations in american government award presented by the ash institute of the john f. kennedy school of government at harvard university for its extension of dhcp into vista in july, 2006.	a decade later (july, 2006), the department of veterans affairs (va) / veterans health administration (vha) was the recipient of the innovations in american government award presented by the ash institute of the john f. kennedy school of government at harvard university for its extension of dhcp into vista in july, 2006.
burlington, vt held its first mayoral election using irv in 2006 after voters approved it in 2005. bob kiss was elected with 48.6% of the vote, 10 .	burlington, vt held its first mayoral election using irv in 2006 after voters approved it in 2005. bob kiss was elected with 48.6% of the vote, to hinda miller's 40 .
"on march 19, 2007 mancow was removed by ""listener request"" from another radio station, kazr, located in des moines, iowa."	"on march 19, 2007 mancow was removed by ""listener request"" from radio station, kazr, located in des moines, iowa."
the successful romantic comedy windstruck (2004), co-starring jang hyuk, reunited her with the director of my sassy girl, kwak jae-yong.	the romantic comedy windstruck (2004), co-starring jang hyuk, reunited her with the director of my sassy girl, kwak jae-yong.
northern awu is evidently a distinct language.	northern awu is a distinct language.
william a. donohue began his hate-mongering career in the 1970s working at st. lucy's school in spanish harlem.	william a. donohue began his teacing career in the 1970s working at st. lucy's school in spanish harlem.
doubting this official explanation, a number of unsubstantiated alternative hypotheses have been formulated to explain the events surrounding september 11th.	doubting this official explanation, a number of alternative hypotheses have been formulated to explain the events surrounding september 11th.
then, in 1975, she won second prize in the prestigious leeds piano competition.	then, in 1975, she won second prize in the leeds piano competition.
the homepage of blackle provides a count of the number of watt hours that have been saved by enabling this concept.	the homepage of blackle provides a count of the number of watt hours claimed to have been saved by enabling this concept.
in the final test of the notorious 193233 ashes, larwood made 98 as a nightwatchman, the highest innings made in the role up to that time.	in the final test of the 193233 ashes, larwood made 98 as a nightwatchman, the highest innings made in the role up to that time.
movie and tv t-shirts can have images of the actors, logos, and funny quotes from the movie or tv show.	movie and tv t-shirts can have images of the actors, logos, and funny quotations from the movie or tv show.
another infamous liberty ship that exploded was the rechristened , which caused the texas city disaster on 16 april 1947, killing at least 581 people.	another liberty ship that exploded was the rechristened , which caused the texas city disaster on 16 april 1947, killing at least 581 people.
until it was disbanded in june 2007 the dti continued to set the energy policy of the united kingdom.	until it was succeeded in june 2007 the dti continued to set the energy policy of the united kingdom.
current demographic trends include the mass immigration of hispanics from latin america into the southwest, a region that is home to about 60 percent of the 35 million hispanics in the u.s. immigrants from mexico make up about 66 percent of the hispanic community, are second only to the german-descent population in the single-ethnic category.	current demographic trends include the immigration of hispanics from latin america into the southwest, a region that is home to about 60 percent of the 35 million hispanics in the u.s. immigrants from mexico make up about 66 percent of the hispanic community, are second only to the german-descent population in the single-ethnic category.
non-circumcised penis.	uncircumcised penis.
archie reflected on his wife's passing , and, eventually, began dating again.	archie reflected on his wife's death , and, eventually, began dating again.
llandudno beach is one of the cape's most beautiful beaches, surrounded by large granite boulders and overlooked by mountains.	llandudno beach is one of the cape's most naturally diverse beaches, surrounded by large granite boulders and overlooked by mountains.
it is a large male and female county prison.	it is a male and female county prison.
his father, irving sigel, was a noted psychologist who worked for the educational testing service.	his father, irving sigel, was a psychologist who worked for the educational testing service.
"in chinese languages , both states and qualities are, in general, expressed with stative verbs (sv) with no need for a copula, e.g., in mandarin, ""to be tired"" ( li), ""to be hungry"" , ""to be located at"" ( zi), ""to be stupid"" ( bn) and so forth."	"in chinese, both states and qualities are, in general, expressed with stative verbs (sv) with no need for a copula, e.g., in mandarin , ""to be tired"" ( li), ""to be hungry"" , ""to be located at"" ( zi), ""to be stupid"" ( bn) and so forth."
the roland micro cube, left, a popular small and portable digital modeling amplifier.	the roland micro cube, left, a small and portable digital modeling amplifier.
positive responses within the community	responses within the community
as education policy in krashens home state of california became increasingly regressive , he responded with research critical of the new policies, public speaking engagements, and with letters written to newspaper editors.	as education policy in krashens home state of california became increasingly hostile to bilingualism , he responded with research critical of the new policies, public speaking engagements, and with letters written to newspaper editors.
rare earth was a motown-influenced covers band in 1969-1970. they even formed their own subsidary of motown records, called rare earth records.	rare earth was a motown-influenced covers band in 1969-1970. they also formed their own subsidary of motown records, called rare earth records.
the show opted to send them, complete with packed lunch, to ride the revolution(rollercoaster) at pleasure beach blackpool — the hilarious result, thanks to the force of gravity and momentum, being lots of little faces full of food and drink.	the show opted to send them, complete with packed lunch, to ride the revolution(rollercoaster) at pleasure beach blackpool — the result, thanks to the force of gravity and momentum, being lots of little faces full of food and drink.
dimitar vlahov, macedonian revolutionary (1878 - 1953)	dimitar vlahov, imro revolutionary (1878 - 1953)
bruce later triumphed at the battle of bannockburn and led scotland to freedom .	bruce later triumphed at the battle of bannockburn and led scotland to independence .
the race of 2013 was an epic contest.	the race of 2013 was an tough contest.
the group is known for its positive activism in preserving hindu cultural unity and staging protests to secure hindu sites of worship for hindu use only.	the group is known for its activism in preserving hindu cultural unity and staging protests to secure hindu sites of worship for hindu use only.
this first section of the route passes through the town of john ogroats and the castle of mey, providing more spectacular views of scotlands scenery.	this first section of the route passes through the town of john ogroats and the castle of mey, providing more views of scotlands scenery.
with lavish stage performances and music videos, jackson popularized a number of physically complicated dance techniques, such as the robot and the moonwalk.	with stage performances and music videos, jackson popularized a number of physically complicated dance techniques, such as the robot and the moonwalk.
he is a far-right conservative member of parliament for harwich.	he is a conservative member of parliament for harwich.
nonetheless, for most mainstream observers, these incidents remain the public face of the movement and symbolize the problems with its disturbing mission.	nonetheless, for most mainstream observers, these incidents remain the public face of the movement and symbolize the problems with its mission.
al jaffee (born march 13, 1921 in savannah, georgia) is an award-winning american cartoonist.	al jaffee (born march 13, 1921 in savannah, georgia) is an american cartoonist.
"he was best known for playing lee chan, the ""number one son"" in the charlie chan films, the original kato in the 1939-1941 green hornet film serials, and master po in the television series kung fu."	"he was known for playing lee chan, the ""number one son"" in the charlie chan films, the original kato in the 1939-1941 green hornet film serials, and master po in the television series kung fu."
nimes is a city of southern france, prfecture (capital) of the garddpartement.	nimes is a city of southern france, prfecture (capital) of the gard dpartement.
there are several other small families and language isolates, as well as obscure languages that have yet to be classified.	there are several other small families and language isolates, as well as languages that have yet to be classified.
circa celeste is a small, european-style cafe featuring locally sourced and organic foods, which displays work from local artists on its walls.	circa celeste is a small, european-style cafe offering locally sourced and organic foods, which displays work from local artists on its walls.
this movie, it could be said, helped the careers of lou diamond phillips and puerto rican esai morales enormously .	this movie, it could be said, helped the careers of lou diamond phillips and puerto rican esai morales.
he led a military junta to power in 1973 through a u.s.-backed coup d'tat, deposing the marxist president salvador allende and assuming power for 17 years without elections.	he led a military junta to power in 1973 through a u.s.-backed coup d'tat, deposing the democratically elected president salvador allende and assuming power for 17 years without elections.
in a speech morrison gave at disinfocon in 1999, he revealed that much of the content in the invisibles was information given to him by aliens that abducted him in kathmandu, (he went there to be abducted) who then told him to spread the knowledge to the world.	in a speech morrison gave at disinfocon in 1999, he claimed that much of the content in the invisibles was information given to him by aliens that abducted him in kathmandu, (he went there to be abducted) who then told him to spread the knowledge to the world.
the baloch liberation army (bla) is a terrorist organisation dedicated to fighting for the independence of balochistan.	the baloch liberation army (bla) is a paramilitary organisation dedicated to fighting for the independence of balochistan.
he is best remembered for his tremendous success with the inter milan team known as grande inter in the 1960s.	he is best remembered for his success with the inter milan team known as grande inter in the 1960s.
johnny quirke's goal from a mighty liam murphy puck-out after just three minutes started the rout.	johnny quirke's goal from a liam murphy puck-out after just three minutes started the rout.
gallagher is a promising prospect for the a's who features an above average fastball, curveball, and slider.	gallagher is a prospect for the a's who features an above average fastball, curveball, and slider.
at the time, the british described such political violence as jewish or zionist terrorism, though the latter is used as a political epithet in reference to present day events outside that historical context.	at the time, the british described such political violence as jewish or zionist terrorism, though the latter is reagrded as a political epithet in reference to present day events outside that historical context.
as mankind evolved to use various natural objects, then tools, the ability to carry and pour/dispense water upon others became more possible.	as mankind learned to use various natural objects, then tools, the ability to carry and pour/dispense water upon others became more possible.
"(click here for further discussion about the ideologically charged implications of the name ""new kadampa tradition,"" as it relates to the present-day gelugpa tradition.)"	"(click here for further discussion about the ideologically significant implications of the name ""new kadampa tradition,"" as it relates to the present-day gelugpa tradition.)"
on march 11, 2017, during increased national debate about the appointment of a special prosecutor to manage an investigation of links between the trump 2016 campaign and russia, bharara was abruptly fired after he refused to follow attorney general jeff sessions' request for all remaining 46 us attorneys appointed during president obama's administration to resign.	on march 11, 2017, during increased national debate about the appointment of a special prosecutor to manage an investigation of links between the trump 2016 campaign and russia, bharara was fired after he refused to follow attorney general jeff sessions' request for all remaining 46 us attorneys appointed during president obama's administration to resign.
baptism with the holy spirit: this is an empowering experience distinct from baptism into the body of christ.	baptism with the holy spirit: this is an experience distinct from baptism into the body of christ.
the conquistadores, like most europeans of the 16th century, were horrified by the widespread acceptance of sex between men and youths in aztec society, and used it as one unjustifiable justification for the extirpation of a native society, religion and culture, and the theft of the lands and wealth that belonged to the indigenous people of the lands; of all customs of the nahuatl-speaking peoples, only human sacrifice produced a greater disapproval amongst the spaniards in mexico.	the conquistadores, like most europeans of the 16th century, were horrified by the widespread acceptance of sex between men and youths in aztec society, and used it as one justification for the extirpation of a native society, religion and culture, and the theft of the lands and wealth that belonged to the indigenous people of the lands; of all customs of the nahuatl-speaking peoples, only human sacrifice produced a greater disapproval amongst the spaniards in mexico.
however, rabbinical jews of all denominations	however, jews of all denominations
leonor corts moctezuma (born c. 1528) was the illegitimate daughter of hernn corts, conquistador of mexico, and isabel moctezuma the eldest daughter of the aztec emperor moctezuma ii.	leonor corts moctezuma (born c. 1528) was the out of wedlock daughter of hernn corts, conquistador of mexico, and isabel moctezuma the eldest daughter of the aztec emperor moctezuma ii.
on september 12 (or 14) 1991 monte travelled to shahumian region (north of karabagh), where he fought for three months in the fall of 1991. there he participated in the liberation of erkej, manashid and buzlukh villages.	on september 12 (or 14) 1991 monte travelled to shahumian region (north of karabagh), where he fought for three months in the fall of 1991. there he participated in the capture of erkej, manashid and buzlukh villages.
house of leaves (2000) is the bizarre debut novel by writer mark z. danielewski, published by pantheon books (isbn 0375703764).	house of leaves (2000) is the debut novel by writer mark z. danielewski, published by pantheon books (isbn 0375703764).
r&r is the name of a fictional nightclub in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, located at the fictional address of 4 turpin road.	r&r is the name of a fictional nightclub in the bbc soap opera eastenders, located at the fictional address of 4 turpin road.
saving christmas (sometimes referred to as kirk cameron's saving christmas) is a 2014 american christian film directed by darren doane and written by doane and cheston hervey.	saving christmas (sometimes referred to as kirk cameron's saving christmas) is a 2014 american faith-based film directed by darren doane and written by doane and cheston hervey.
in april 2006, debkafile reported palestinian terrorists were manufacturing the quds-3 along with a multiple-rocket launcher system.	in april 2006, debkafile reported palestinian militants were manufacturing the quds-3 along with a multiple-rocket launcher system.
"taga za yug (, , in english ""longing for the south"") is the name of a famous poem of macedonia"	"taga za yug (, , in english ""longing for the south"") is the name of a famous poem of bulgarian"
in autocad, blocks are powerful objects that can be created on-the-fly and reused in the same drawing or in other drawings.	in autocad, blocks are objects that can be created on-the-fly and reused in the same drawing or in other drawings.
the area around angangueo in northeast michoacn is famous for the beautiful monarch butterflies that spend 6 months in the surrounding forrests of oyamel.	the area around angangueo in northeast michoacn is famous for the monarch butterflies that spend 6 months in the surrounding forrests of oyamel.
the warmer temperatures which are needed to produce a higher quality bourbon.	the warmer temperatures which are claimed to produce a higher quality bourbon.
by the end of the summer gi-net had raised over $250,000 for its efforts to support civilian protection while increasing our network of supporters, advisers, and concerned citizens.	by the end of the summer gi-net had raised over $250,000 for its efforts to support civilian protection while increasing their network of supporters, advisers, and concerned citizens.
further research on tag questions has cast considerable doubt on this proposition though.	further research on tag questions has cast some doubt on this proposition though.
homosexual public display of affection	same-sex public display of affection
the airport is ideally situated at or near major highways: off highways 85 & 87 (skyport drive exit), both of which connect to i-280 and to hwy 101. hwy 101 southbound connects to hwy 87, while 101 northbound gets you to the airport by exiting at first street / brokaw road.	the airport is situated at or near major highways: off highways 85 & 87 (skyport drive exit), both of which connect to i-280 and to hwy 101. hwy 101 southbound connects to hwy 87, while 101 northbound gets you to the airport by exiting at first street / brokaw road.
battle of france and the low countries	invasion of france and the low countries
on the night of 9/10 march 1945 the united states army air forces (usaaf) conducted a devastating firebombing raid on tokyo, the japanese capital city.	on the night of 9/10 march 1945 the united states army air forces (usaaf) conducted a ruinous firebombing raid on tokyo, the japanese capital city.
brother zain bhikha, born august 9, 1974, is a south african muslim singer-songwriter, who has achieved fame as a performer of nasheed songs.	zain bhikha, born august 9, 1974, is a south african muslim singer-songwriter, who has achieved fame as a performer of nasheed songs.
"the financial crisis of 2007-2008, referred to in britain as ""the credit crunch"", first became apparent on august 9, 2007 when a loss of confidence by investors in the value of securitized mortgages resulted in a liquidity crisis which required the massive injection of capital into financial markets by the federal reserve and the european central bank"	"the financial crisis of 2007-2008, referred to in britain as ""the credit crunch"", first became apparent on august 9, 2007 when a loss of confidence by investors in the value of securitized mortgages resulted in a liquidity crisis which prompted the massive injection of capital into financial markets by the federal reserve and the european central bank"
ars , or arsim (plural) is a mildly offensive hebrew slang term for the israeli stereotype of a low-class punk who wears flashy jewelry and tight clothing.	ars , or arsim (plural) is a mildly offensive hebrew slang term for the israeli stereotype of a low-class young man who wears flashy jewelry and tight clothing.
naomi campbell (born may 22, 1970) is a british supermodel .	naomi campbell (born may 22, 1970) is a british model .
a high-class charter school was built in 2003 for the town's growing elementary-age population.	a charter school was built in 2003 for the town's growing elementary-age population.
women with the condition may be asymptomatic and unaware of having a double uterus.	persons with the condition may be asymptomatic and unaware of having a double uterus.
it is among the biggest producers of rice and sugarcane (the principal crops) here in central luzon.	it is among the biggest producers of rice and sugarcane (the principal crops) in central luzon.
north korean troops invaded on 25 june 1950 intending to unify the country under a communist government.	north korean troops crossed the border on 25 june 1950 intending to unify the country under a communist government.
the attempt of the islamic republic to turn bahrain into a mullahcracy failed in 1981. the major religion in bahrain, formerly a part of iran, is shia islam similar to iranian islam.	the attempt of the islamic republic to turn bahrain into a islamic theocracy failed in 1981. the major religion in bahrain, formerly a part of iran, is shia islam similar to iranian islam.
sarah millican, stand-up comedienne , regular guest on several comedy television and radio series, loose women panellist	sarah millican, stand-up comedian , regular guest on several comedy television and radio series, loose women panellist
ada barbara henrietta tarry, better known by her stage name suzette tarri (shoreditch, 1881-1955) was a popular cockney stage and radio comedienne of the 1930s and 1940s.	ada barbara henrietta tarry, better known by her stage name suzette tarri (shoreditch, 1881-1955) was a popular cockney stage and radio comedian of the 1930s and 1940s.
bruce lee's evaluation of the traditional martial arts doctrines is nowadays seen as the first step into the modern style of hybrid martial arts.	bruce lee's evaluation of the traditional martial arts doctrines is nowadays seen as the first step into the modern style of mixed martial arts.
this is not just a film of a staged production but a truly filmic operetta.	this is not just a film of a staged production but a filmic operetta.
speaker- elect pelosi and house minority whip steny hoyer meeting with president george w. bush on november 9, 2006	speaker- designate pelosi and house minority whip steny hoyer meeting with president george w. bush on november 9, 2006
numberless churches were entrusted to them in all parts of bohemia, particularly the west, where they formed a bulwark of the faith during the ravages of heresy in that region; the taborites murdered the pastor of st. stephen's at prague, and the hussites destroyed the mother-house and brought the order almost to the point of dissolution, but it recovered sufficiently to the offer strenuous resistance to the advance of the reformed teachings.	numberless churches were entrusted to them in all parts of bohemia, particularly the west, where they formed a bulwark of the faith during the ravages of heresy in that region; the taborites killed the pastor of st. stephen's at prague, and the hussites destroyed the mother-house and brought the order almost to the point of dissolution, but it recovered sufficiently to the offer strenuous resistance to the advance of the reformed teachings.
electromagnetic therapy (alternative medicine), an unproven alternative medicine paradigm.	electromagnetic therapy (alternative medicine), an alternative medicine paradigm.
montenegro (serbian: crna gora / ) is the greatest independent country in the world.	montenegro (serbian: crna gora / ) is the newest independent country in the world.
dylan walsh is an american actor, best known as dr. sean mcnamara in the fx hit television series nip/tuck	dylan walsh is an american actor, best known as dr. sean mcnamara in the fx television series nip/tuck
grabbing his trusty zorcher, he races to the rescue of his beloved home.	grabbing his zorcher, he races to the rescue of his beloved home.
bucknell university is a prestigious private liberal arts university located alongside the west branch susquehanna river in the rolling countryside of central pennsylvania in the town of lewisburg, 30 miles (48 km) southeast of williamsport and 60 miles (97 km) north of harrisburg.	bucknell university is a private liberal arts university located alongside the west branch susquehanna river in the rolling countryside of central pennsylvania in the town of lewisburg, 30 miles (48 km) southeast of williamsport and 60 miles (97 km) north of harrisburg.
nd invited all elected parties, except the neo-nazi party golden dawn (xa), to participate in a unity government that would respect the existing bailout agreement greece signed and ratified in february 2012, but as the highest priority should attempt to renegotiate the austerity terms of the agreement, asking the main creditors (eu, ecb and imf) to accept milder terms and increase their amount of bailout funding to greece.	nd invited all elected parties, except the far right party golden dawn (xa), to participate in a unity government that would respect the existing bailout agreement greece signed and ratified in february 2012, but as the highest priority should attempt to renegotiate the austerity terms of the agreement, asking the main creditors (eu, ecb and imf) to accept milder terms and increase their amount of bailout funding to greece.
"the strength and range of the electric force and the good conductivity of plasmas usually ensure that the density of positive and negative charges in any sizeable region are equal (""quasineutrality"")."	"the sngth and range of the electric force and the good conductivity of plasmas usually ensure that the density of positive and negative charges in any sizeable region are equal (""quasineutrality"")."
"senator stephen douglas of illinois, who was also a subject of abuse during the speech, suggested to a colleague while sumner was orating that ""this damn fool sumner is going to get himself shot by some other damn fool."""	"senator stephen douglas of illinois, who was also a subject of criticism during the speech, suggested to a colleague while sumner was orating that ""this damn fool sumner is going to get himself shot by some other damn fool."""
"legendary dame judith olivia ""judi"" dench, ch, dbe, frsa (born 9 december 1934) is an english film, stage and television actress."	"dame judith olivia ""judi"" dench, ch, dbe, frsa (born 9 december 1934) is an english film, stage and television actress."
bolt is the only sprinter to win consecutive olympic 100 m and 200 m titles (2008 and 2012), and he even extended this remarkable achievement in 2016 ('triple double').	bolt is the only sprinter to win consecutive olympic 100 m and 200 m titles (2008 and 2012), and he even extended this achievement in 2016 ('triple double').
fahrenheit 9/11 is a biased documentary film by american filmmaker michael moore, which had a general release in the united states and canada on june 25, 2004. the film has since been released in 42 more countries (see link below).	fahrenheit 9/11 is a documentary film by american filmmaker michael moore, which had a general release in the united states and canada on june 25, 2004. the film has since been released in 42 more countries (see link below).
similarly, the roman senate condemned the reviled emperor commodus who reigned from 180 to 192, shortly after his death, and restoring the proper name of the city of rome and its institutions which had been renamed in commodus' honour during his lifetime.	similarly, the roman senate condemned the reviled emperor commodus who reigned from 180 to 192, shortly after his death, and restoring the original name of the city of rome and its institutions which had been renamed in commodus' honour during his lifetime.
kosovo's anomalous status is the result of the kosovo war of march-june 1999, in the course of which air strikes against the federal republic of yugoslavia's armed forces and civilian infrastructure by members of the north atlantic treaty organization, without endorsement by the united nations, forced the signing of the kumanovo agreement which provided for the withdrawal of military and the province's occupation by a nato-led international force (kfor) including also russian troops (no longer serving as of july 2003).	kosovo's anomalous status is the result of the kosovo war of march-june 1999, in the course of which air strikes against the federal republic of yugoslavia's armed forces and civilian infrastructure by members of the north atlantic treaty organization, without endorsement by the united nations, forced the signing of the kumanovo agreement which provided for the withdrawal of military and the province's occupation by a nato-led force (kfor) including also russian troops (no longer serving as of july 2003).
on 1 november, the syrian army retook control of the key city of al-safira and the next day, syrian army and its allies retook control of the village of aziziyeh on the northern outskirts of safira from early to mid-november, loyalist forces captured several towns south of damascus, including hejeira and sbeineh.	on 1 november, the syrian army retook control of the key city of al-safira and the next day, syrian army and its allies retook control of the village of aziziyeh on the northern outskirts of safira from early to mid-november, syrian army forces captured several towns south of damascus, including hejeira and sbeineh.
it is available for gnu/ linux, microsoft windows, mac os x, amiga, beos, gp2x, playstation portable, xbox and dreamcast.	it is available for linux, microsoft windows, mac os x, amiga, beos, gp2x, playstation portable, xbox and dreamcast.
as part of the crown of aragon — most historians would say the dominant part — the catalans became a great maritime power, expanding by trade and conquest into valencia, the balearic islands, and even sardinia and sicily.	as part of the crown of aragon — most historians would say the dominant part — the catalans became a maritime power, expanding by trade and conquest into valencia, the balearic islands, and even sardinia and sicily.
"opening its doors in 1964, the school was originally going to be called ""east wheaton high school"" but due to president john f. kennedy's unfortunate assassination in november 1963 the school took his name as its namesake."	"opening its doors in 1964, the school was originally going to be called ""east wheaton high school"" but due to president john f. kennedy's assassination in november 1963 the school took his name as its namesake."
the chinese government has refuted these accusations by arguing that china's increasing standard of living has provided a utilitarian social benefit that outweighs the detrimental effect of individual violations.	the chinese government has responded to these accusations by arguing that china's increasing standard of living has provided a utilitarian social benefit that outweighs the detrimental effect of individual violations.
over 2,000 good causes have received support.	over 2,000 causes have received support.
it is not actually a circle, but rather a combination of different circular arcs that have been imperceptibly feathered together.	it is not actually a circle, but rather a combination of different circular arcs that have been feathered together.
public reception of windows powershell 1.0 has been quite positive.	public reception of windows powershell 1.0 has been positive.
favored nations is a record label started by legendary virtuoso guitarist steve vai and former guitar center owner ray scherr in 1999. the first album ever released by favored nations was frank gambale's coming to your senses in 2000. not long after that, artists such as eric johnson, dweezil zappa, larry carlton, eric sardinas, and steve lukather (whose album no substitutes won a grammy award for best pop instrumental), neal schon, johnny hiland, stanley jordan, allan holdsworth, john petrucci (an evening with john petrucci & jordan rudess, as well as his own solo album suspended animation), marty friedman, the yardbirds, dave weiner, and peppino d'agostino, among others, signed to favored nations.	favored nations is a record label started by virtuoso guitarist steve vai and former guitar center owner ray scherr in 1999. the first album ever released by favored nations was frank gambale's coming to your senses in 2000. not long after that, artists such as eric johnson, dweezil zappa, larry carlton, eric sardinas, and steve lukather (whose album no substitutes won a grammy award for best pop instrumental), neal schon, johnny hiland, stanley jordan, allan holdsworth, john petrucci (an evening with john petrucci & jordan rudess, as well as his own solo album suspended animation), marty friedman, the yardbirds, dave weiner, and peppino d'agostino, among others, signed to favored nations.
born: lucille ball, american comedienne and television executive (i love lucy); in celoron, new york (a suburb of jamestown (d. 1989); and constance heaven, british romance novelist, in london (d. 1995)	born: lucille ball, american comedian and television executive (i love lucy); in celoron, new york (a suburb of jamestown (d. 1989); and constance heaven, british romance novelist, in london (d. 1995)
in the spring of 2001, ethnic albanian terrorists calling themselves the national liberation army (some of whom were former members of the kosovo liberation army) took up arms in the west of the republic of macedonia.	in the spring of 2001, ethnic albanian rebels calling themselves the national liberation army (some of whom were former members of the kosovo liberation army) took up arms in the west of the republic of macedonia.
among the methods by which some investigations have sought to overcome this problem is to measure electroencephalogram (eeg) readings of a subject while listening to binaural beats.	among the methods by which some investigations have sought to overcome this problem is to measure electroencephalogram (eeg) readings of a subject who is listening to binaural beats.
he was a great-grandson of dr. jonathan bayley, the renowned educationalist, latin scholar and swedenborgian minister who is remembered for his philanthropic work in accrington, lancashire and in london.	he was a great-grandson of dr. jonathan bayley, the educationalist, latin scholar and swedenborgian minister who is remembered for his philanthropic work in accrington, lancashire and in london.
arthur tempest blakiston dunn (born 12 august 1860 in whitby, died 1902) was a noted footballer of his time who founded the famous english boarding school, ludgrove in 1892.	arthur tempest blakiston dunn (born 12 august 1860 in whitby, died 1902) was a noted footballer of his time who founded the english boarding school, ludgrove in 1892.
"in march 2013, democratic ingham county prosecutor stuart dunnings said in an interview:"""	"in march 2013, ingham county prosecutor stuart dunnings said in an interview:"""
very early in his career, martin was a staff writer for duffy's tavern, a radio situation comedy.	early in his career, martin was a staff writer for duffy's tavern, a radio situation comedy.
a gifted writer with a degree in women's studies, she has also written art criticism for whitehotmagazine.com.	a writer with a degree in women's studies, she has also written art criticism for whitehotmagazine.com.
they unfortunately lost the final 4-1 in front of a crowd of approximately 3000.	they lost the final 4-1 in front of a crowd of approximately 3000.
shopping for meat in winter is a typical williams poem, with its urban theme, forced rhyme, and absurd attempts at replicating the neo-romanticism of the new apocalypse.	shopping for meat in winter is a typical williams poem, with its urban theme, forced rhyme, and attempts at replicating the neo-romanticism of the new apocalypse.
a lackluster win by over gave the longhorns the sufficient swing votes they needed to make it into the rose bowl, one of the four bcs bowls.	a close win by over gave the longhorns the sufficient swing votes they needed to make it into the rose bowl, one of the four bcs bowls.
in the sutra, the buddha revealed that in the distant past aeons, was a brahmin maiden by the name of sacred girl.	in the sutra, the buddha claimed that in the distant past aeons, was a brahmin maiden by the name of sacred girl.
these types of schemes have existed for at least a century, some with variations to hide their true nature, and because of this, many people mistakenly believe that all multilevel marketing plans are also a pyramid schemes.	these types of schemes have existed for at least a century, some with variations to hide their true nature, and because of this, many people believe that all multilevel marketing plans are also a pyramid schemes.
the kmt's emissary to the japanese, cai gongshi and 17 others in his team were captured, subjected to torture, and eventually all were murdered .	the kmt's emissary to the japanese, cai gongshi and 17 others in his team were captured, subjected to torture, and eventually all were killed .
"a common connotation to the various definitions of ""white"" people, is that the term refers to people of northern european descent."	"a common connotation to the various definitions of ""white"" people, is that the term refers to people of european descent."
"its lush and beautiful tony award-winning score offers such classic songs as ""i dreamed a dream"", ""bring him home"", ""one day more"", and the beloved ballad ""on my own."""	"its lush and beautiful tony award-winning score offers such classic songs as ""i dreamed a dream"", ""bring him home"", ""one day more"", and the ballad ""on my own."""
the spanish civil war started as a coup by the spanish military on the peninsula (peninsulares) and in spanish morocco (africanistas) on july 17, 1936. the coup had the support of most factions sympathetic to the right-wing cause in spain, including the majority of spain's catholic clergy, the fascist-inclined falange, and the alfonsine and carlist monarchists.	the spanish civil war started as a coup by the spanish military on the peninsula (peninsulares) and in spanish morocco (africanistas) on july 17, 1936. the coup had the support of most factions sympathetic to the right-wing cause in spain, including the majority of spain's catholic clergy, the falange, and the alfonsine and carlist monarchists.
his views on same-sex marriage and abortion rights are controversial within the catholic church.	his views on same-sex marriage and abortion are controversial within the catholic church.
all but the far eastern part is occupied by armenians.	all but the far eastern part is controlled by armenians.
she also made a few appearances on television, including the short-lived series adventures in paradise.	she also made a few appearances on television, including the series adventures in paradise.
he also presided over the spanish parliament's approval of the new and controversial statute of autonomy of catalonia.	he also presided over the spanish parliament's approval of the new and statute of autonomy of catalonia.
he also endured the thankless assignment of playing rhett butler in a television movie sequel to gone with the wind.	he also endured the unenviable assignment of playing rhett butler in a television movie sequel to gone with the wind.
eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a controversial psychotherapy that intends to relieve the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd), complex post traumatic stress disorder (c-ptsd), and other mental health problems using (in its original form) only eye movements similar to those which occur naturally in rem sleep.	eye movement desensitization and reprocessing (emdr) is a tool used in certain forms of psychotherapy that intends to relieve the symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd), complex post traumatic stress disorder (c-ptsd), and other mental health problems using (in its original form) only eye movements similar to those which occur naturally in rem sleep.
in 2003, a new $8 million revival of little shop of horrors was planned with the goal of opening on broadway on august 14. though a broadway transfer had been proposed for the original off-broadway production, book writer howard ashman wisely felt the show belonged where it was.	in 2003, a new $8 million revival of little shop of horrors was planned with the goal of opening on broadway on august 14. though a broadway transfer had been proposed for the original off-broadway production, book writer howard ashman felt the show belonged where it was.
denmark remained neutral during world war i and the german invasion in april 1940 saw brief military skirmishes while the danish resistance movement was active from 1943 until the german surrender in may 1945. the post-war period generated an increase of wealth and brought closer european integration; as a part of the un peacekeeping mission in the balkans in the 1990s, denmark abandoned its neutrality by participating in military engagements in the middle east at the turn of the 21st century.	denmark remained neutral during world war i and the german invasion in april 1940 saw brief military skirmishes while the danish resistance movement was active from 1943 until the german surrender in may 1945. the post-war period generated an increase of wealth and brought closer european integration; as a part of the un peacekeeping mission in the balkans in the 1990s, denmark abandoned its neutrality by joining nato in 1949. more recently, it has participated in military engagements in the middle east at the turn of the 21st century.
the following map deals beautifully with the very complex network of lines in the west midlands that link the old route via birmingham with the new wcml route via the trent valley (i.e.	the following map deals with the very complex network of lines in the west midlands that link the old route via birmingham with the new wcml route via the trent valley (i.e.
it is a unique model shattering collection of short stories by a variety of established science fiction authors, all set in the universe initially created by flint's ground-breaking science fiction novel  1632.	it is a unique model shattering collection of short stories by a variety of established science fiction authors, all set in the universe initially created by flint's science fiction novel  1632.
the other part of the county name is for the picturesque hill of bilogora that stretches along the northern edge of the county.	the other part of the county name is for the hill of bilogora that stretches along the northern edge of the county.
"on the other hand, in the book ""11-m. la venganza"" by casimiro abadillo, a prominent spanish journalist who works for the newspaper el mundo, it is reported that, before the general election, zapatero told the director of that newspaper, pedro j. ramirez, that two suicide bombers had been found among the victims (although all the specialists that examined the bodies said they found no evidence pointing to that)."	"on the other hand, in the book ""11-m. la venganza"" by casimiro abadillo, a spanish journalist who works for the newspaper el mundo, it is reported that, before the general election, zapatero told the director of that newspaper, pedro j. ramirez, that two suicide bombers had been found among the victims (although all the specialists that examined the bodies said they found no evidence pointing to that)."
the two deals gave khodorkovsky, menatep and yukos terrible notoriety in western financial circles.	the two deals gave khodorkovsky, menatep and yukos notoriety in western financial circles.
for the zionist settlement, this huge influx of capital gave a much-needed economic boom in the midst of worldwide depression.	for the zionist settlement, this influx of capital gave a much-needed economic boom in the midst of worldwide depression.
many of these feature spectacular views from the mount roberts ridgeline, and some wind through the forest trees and meadows with wild flowers and animals.	many of these feature extensive views from the mount roberts ridgeline, and some wind through the forest trees and meadows with wild flowers and animals.
camp hyrule, which is usually held in august, allows nintendo fanatics to chat, play online games, and win prizes under the supervision of nintendo employees and nintendo power columnists.	camp hyrule, which is usually held in august, allows nintendo fans to chat, play online games, and win prizes under the supervision of nintendo employees and nintendo power columnists.
unfortunately scott can not control his power due to an childhood accident hence the need for the visor and the rose colored glasses when not in battle.	scott can not control his power due to an childhood accident hence the need for the visor and the rose colored glasses when not in battle.
nancy baym, ph.d. is an american academic, currently an associate professor of communi studies at the university of kansas.	nancy baym, ph.d. is an american academic, currently an associate professor of communication studies at the university of kansas.
walt disney productions produced an eight-episode mini-series about marion, the swamp fox, aired 19591961. it starred leslie nielsen as marion, and nielsen also sang the catchy theme song.	walt disney productions produced an eight-episode mini-series about marion, the swamp fox, aired 19591961. it starred leslie nielsen as marion, and nielsen also sang the theme song.
in an attempt to settle countless arguments, in 1970 sports illustrated made an in-depth study into college football's mythical national champions .	in an attempt to settle countless arguments, in 1970 sports illustrated made an in-depth study into college football's national champions.
beatrice mary grenville freeman-grenville, 12th lady kinloss (18 august 1922 30 september 2012) was a british peeress .	beatrice mary grenville freeman-grenville, 12th lady kinloss (18 august 1922 30 september 2012) was a british peer .
"in the popular game tom clancy's rainbow six: vegas, some of dodge's vehicles can be seen on the street of las vegas in the mission titled ""the strip"", including the dodge nitro."	"in the video game tom clancy's rainbow six: vegas, some of dodge's vehicles can be seen on the street of las vegas in the mission titled ""the strip"", including the dodge nitro."
the thames has some of the best weirs in england, many of which have relatively easy access and tolerant lock keepers.	the thames has some of the usable and active weirs in england, many of which have relatively easy access and tolerant lock keepers.
academic freedom bills are a series of anti-evolution bills introduced in state legislatures in the united states between 2004 and 2008. they purport that teachers, students, and college professors face intimidation and retaliation when discussing scientific criticisms of evolution, and therefore require protection.	academic freedom bills are a series of bills introduced in state legislatures in the united states between 2004 and 2008. they purport that teachers, students, and college professors face intimidation and retaliation when discussing scientific criticisms of evolution, and therefore require protection.
a pressure group, gurkha justice campaign, and even the british national party waded into the debate in support of the gurkhas.	a pressure group, gurkha justice campaign, and the british national party waded into the debate in support of the gurkhas.
barrow and sinclair swap stories, sinclair telling of the time he was thrown in prison for being drunk and disorderly, and barrow telling of his experience in a prisoner of war camp (where sinclair assumes he received the luxurious treatment officers are usually afforded).	barrow and sinclair swap stories, sinclair telling of the time he was thrown in prison for being drunk and disorderly, and barrow telling of his experience in a prisoner of war camp (where sinclair assumes he received the treatment officers are usually afforded).
rhode island senator nelson aldrich, the republican leader in the senate, ran the commission personally, with the aid of a team of brilliant economists.	rhode island senator nelson aldrich, the republican leader in the senate, ran the commission personally, with the aid of a team of economists.
redirect superpower# potential_21st_century_superpowers	redirect superpower# potential superpowers (21st century)
the technology needed for compressed natural gas (cng) vehicles such as city buses, fork lifts and passenger cars with cng drivetrains is available right now.	the technology needed for compressed natural gas (cng) vehicles such as city buses, fork lifts and passenger cars with cng drivetrains is available now.
beginning on june 27 1944, and continuing through march 1945, edes resistance fighters , led by napoleon zervas, launched a series of attacks on muslim albanian villages which resulted in the death of roughly 2,771 chams.	beginning on june 27 1944, and continuing through march 1945, edes resistance partisans , led by napoleon zervas, launched a series of attacks on muslim albanian villages which resulted in the death of roughly 2,771 chams.
the film review aggregator rotten tomatoes reports that only 8% of critics have given the film a positive review, based on 95 reviews.	the film review aggregator rotten tomatoes reports that 8% of critics have given the film a positive review, based on 95 reviews.
ikiru was remade as a television drama that debuted on tv asahi on september 9, 2007, and it starred the famous kabuki actor matsumoto kshir ix.	ikiru was remade as a television drama that debuted on tv asahi on september 9, 2007, and it starred the kabuki actor matsumoto kshir ix.
according to christians, it refers to jesus, whom christians claim was as a begotten son of god.	according to christians, it refers to jesus, whom they claim was as a begotten son of god.
by 1960, two years into the administration of nationalist charles de gaulle, cooperation cooled following a successful test with the french asking that israel cease its weapons program and submit to international inspections lest a proliferation scandal affect french foreign relations.	by 1960, two years into the administration of charles de gaulle, cooperation cooled following a successful test with the french asking that israel cease its weapons program and submit to international inspections lest a proliferation scandal affect french foreign relations.
they were then drawn against spanish giants real madrid.	they were then drawn against spanish team real madrid.
pamela geller later told cnn that the shooting would not stop her and the afdi from organizing similar anti-muslim events in the future.	pamela geller later told cnn that the shooting would not stop her and the afdi from organizing similar events in the future.
in modern history from oxford university (magdalen college, oxford), where in his second year he was elected president of the prestigious oxford union.	in modern history from oxford university (magdalen college, oxford), where in his second year he was elected president of the oxford union.
jehovah's witnesses teach that the entire bible (following the protestant canon, hence excluding the deuterocanonical books) is the inspired word of god, and accurate in regard to history and prophecy, although they affirm that the bible also uses symbolism, parable, figures of speech, and poeticism.	jehovah's witnesses teach that the entire bible (following the protestant canon, hence excluding the deuterocanonical books) is the inspired word of god, and accurate in regard to history and prophecy, although they assert that the bible also uses symbolism, parable, figures of speech, and poeticism.
in such cases, low latency connections result in interruption of the service.	in such cases, high latency connections result in interruption of the service.
tears and excessive sweating provide further evidence to support the theory.	tears and excessive sweating are considered further evidence to support the theory.
the lord deputy, arthur grey, 14th baron grey de wilton, saw his role as a largely military one: perhaps for this reason the unusual decision was taken to try nugent for treason, in a trial which had the appearance of martial law.	the lord deputy, arthur grey, 14th baron grey de wilton, has been described as seeing his role as a largely military one: perhaps for this reason the unusual decision was taken to try nugent for treason, in a trial which had the appearance of martial law.
the john dos passos prize is a prestigious literary award given anually by the department of english and modern languages at longwood university.	the john dos passos prize is a literary award given anually by the department of english and modern languages at longwood university.
persecution of political opponents and enemies of workers was already in full swing: the infamous article 58 (rsfsr penal code) was in force since 1927. but the distinctive feature of the described period was massive and widely publicized persecutions within the communist party itself, hence the name of the period: the great purge.	persecution of political opponents and enemies of workers was already in full swing: the article 58 (rsfsr penal code) was in force since 1927. but the distinctive feature of the described period was massive and widely publicized persecutions within the communist party itself, hence the name of the period: the great purge.
a theological separation had been foreshadowed by various movements within the english church such as the lollards, but the english reformation gained political support when henry viii wanted an annulment of his marriage to catherine of aragon so he could marry anne bolyn .	a theological separation had been foreshadowed by various movements within the english church such as the lollards, but the english reformation gained political support when henry viii wanted an annulment of his marriage to catherine of aragon so he could marry anne boleyn .
the view presented in seinfeld is somewhat consistent with the philosophy of nihilism, the idea that life is pointless.	the view presented in seinfeld is arguably consistent with the philosophy of nihilism, the idea that life is pointless.
the white plague was nominated for a locus award for best science fiction novel in 1983, but understandably lost to isaac asimovs novel foundation's edge.	the white plague was nominated for a locus award for best science fiction novel in 1983, but lost to isaac asimovs novel foundation's edge.
osbourne has appeared as a guest star in an episode of the well-known nbc comedy will & grace.	osbourne has appeared as a guest star in an episode of the nbc comedy will & grace.
1160) was a jewish pseudo-messiah born in amadiya, iraq under the name menahem b. sulayman and was also known as ibn ar-ruhi.	1160) was a jewish messiah claimant born in amadiya, iraq under the name menahem b. sulayman and was also known as ibn ar-ruhi.
the contact broke hansbrough's nose, drawing some blood.	the contact broke hansbrough's nose, drawing blood.
k. john morrow panned the book as appalling and unsupported, which contributed to the original publisher turning down the book for publication.	k. john morrow criticised the book as appalling and unsupported, which contributed to the original publisher turning down the book for publication.
sowing the seeds is a music compilation video released by the british pop group tears for fears.	sowing the seeds is a music compilation video released by the british group tears for fears.
jehovah's witnesses are best known for their missionary activities.	jehovah's witnesses are known for their missionary activities.
oregonians move to the hilltop homes here for a breathtaking view of the cascades and relatively low local taxes.	oregonians move to the hilltop homes here for a scenic view of the cascades and relatively low local taxes.
he attended the prestigious brisbane state high school .	he attended the selective brisbane state high school .
he is the second longest-serving prime minister of the italian republic (president of the council of ministers of italy), a position he has held on four separate occasions: from 1994 to 1995, from 2001 to 2005, from 2005 to 2006, currently since 2008. he is the leader of the forza italia political movement, a centre-right party he founded in 1993. before the 2008 italian general elections he announced his intention to establish a new political party, the people of freedom (il popolo della libert), to be formed by the merging of forza italia with the national alliance party (alleanza nazionale) and other anti-communist parties on 27 march 2009. his victory in the 2008 general elections paved the way for a fourth mandate in office.	he is the second longest-serving prime minister of the italian republic (president of the council of ministers of italy), a position he has held on four separate occasions: from 1994 to 1995, from 2001 to 2005, from 2005 to 2006, currently since 2008. he is the leader of the forza italia political movement, a centre-right party he founded in 1993. before the 2008 italian general elections he announced his intention to establish a new political party, the people of freedom (il popolo della libert), to be formed by the merging of forza italia with the national alliance party (alleanza nazionale) and other parties on 27 march 2009. his victory in the 2008 general elections paved the way for a fourth mandate in office.
"at age sixteen, he cheekily released his first substantial poems under the pseudonym bhnusiha (""sun lion""), which were seized upon by literary authorities as long-lost classics."	"at age sixteen, he released his first substantial poems under the pseudonym bhnusiha (""sun lion""), which were seized upon by literary authorities as long-lost classics."
throughout its run, awake has been nominated for only one award, currently.	throughout its run, awake has been nominated for one award, currently.
durham is a prestigious collegiate university, with its main functions divided between the academic departments of the university and 16 colleges.	durham is a collegiate university, with its main functions divided between the academic departments of the university and 16 colleges.
a number of reputable liberal-arts colleges in the u.s. either do not issue grades at all (such as alverno college, antioch college, bennington college, the evergreen state college, new college of florida, and hampshire college), de-emphasize them (st. john's college, reed college, sarah lawrence college, prescott college, college of the atlantic), or do not calculate grade point averages (brown university ).	a number of liberal-arts colleges in the u.s. either do not issue grades at all (such as alverno college, antioch college, bennington college, the evergreen state college, new college of florida, and hampshire college), de-emphasize them (st. john's college, reed college, sarah lawrence college, prescott college, college of the atlantic), or do not calculate grade point averages (brown university ).
this law is the first to recognize rights for homosexual couples and was welcomed by the gay community in general.	this law is the first to recognize rights for same-sex couples and was welcomed by the gay community in general.
in response to the police brutality and other perceived failings of birgeneau and the uc regents, the occupy cal general assembly called for a general uc strike on november 15th, 2011. other student groups from around the state announced plans to join in the protest.	in response to the police action and other perceived failings of birgeneau and the uc regents, the occupy cal general assembly called for a general uc strike on november 15th, 2011. other student groups from around the state announced plans to join in the protest.
he is the founder and manager of several iranian famous websites like: ahmad shamlou's official website and the house of world poets, a persian anthology of world poetry, including more than 100 modern poets.	he is the founder and manager of several iranian websites like: ahmad shamlou's official website and the house of world poets, a persian anthology of world poetry, including more than 100 modern poets.
the cyprus turkish peace force command or turkish armed forces in northern cyprus is the turkish occupation garrison on cyprus.	the cyprus turkish peace force command or turkish armed forces in northern cyprus is the turkish garrison on cyprus.
according to the ex-employees, physicians working for the insurance companies were given bonuses as incentives to deny medical treatments and save the companies money.	according to the ex- insurance employees, physicians working for the insurance companies were given bonuses as incentives to deny medical treatments and save the companies money.
the present church, all saints, was built mainly from the materials of the old church and was consecrated by the archbishop of york in 1773. about 20 headstones mark the site of the original church and during the last 200 years of this church there were approximately 950 burials including that of six former rectors of rempstone.	the present church, all saints, was built mainly from the materials of the old church and was consecrated by the archbishop of york in 1773. about 20 headstones mark the site of the original churchyard and during the last 200 years of this church there were approximately 950 burials including that of six former rectors of rempstone.
occupation of the west bank and gaza placed israel in the position of control over a large population of palestinian arabs.	control of the west bank and gaza placed israel in the position of control over a large population of palestinian arabs.
the brazilian military is small and inadequately equipped, with little political or popular will to remedy this.	the brazilian military is small and inadequately equipped, with little political or popular will to change this.
omotesand is also home to the famous japanese toy store kiddyland, a well known and extremely trendy shopping center geared primarily toward young women laforet, oriental bazaar, and gold's gym.	omotesand is also home to the japanese toy store kiddyland, a well known and extremely trendy shopping center geared primarily toward young women laforet, oriental bazaar, and gold's gym.
the area of today's bloomington was at the edge of a large grove enjoyed by the kickapoo people before the first euro-american settlers arrived in the early 1820s.	the area of today's bloomington was at the edge of a large grove occupied by the kickapoo people before the first euro-american settlers arrived in the early 1820s.
derek bell (footballer) (born 1956), former minor professional footballer in england	derek bell (footballer) (born 1956), former professional footballer in england
however in recent years weekly sales figures have plummeted to a march 2014 audit of 280,206.	however in recent years weekly sales figures have dropped to a march 2014 audit of 280,206.
the binary convention is strongly supported by many standardization bodies and technical organizations, such as ieee, cipm, nist, and sae.	the binary convention is strongly supported by some standardization bodies and technical organizations, such as ieee, cipm, nist, and sae.
shinn is the main protagonist introduced, but later conflict pits him against the established protagonists of the original mobile suit gundam seed.	shinn is the first protagonist introduced, but later conflict pits him against the established protagonists of the original mobile suit gundam seed.
on 23 august, greenpeace defied the russian ban to enter the kara sea.	on 23 august, greenpeace ignored the russian ban to enter the kara sea.
the newest tele vue eyepiece is the sensational ethos line, which consists of seven eyepieces known for excellent image quality and ultra-wide 100 degree fields, which can retail for from $500 to $800 or more.	the newest tele vue eyepiece is the ethos line, which consists of seven eyepieces known for excellent image quality and ultra-wide 100 degree fields, which can retail for from $500 to $800 or more.
in contrast, medicine outside the bounds of safety and efficacy is sometimes termed quackery.	in contrast, medicine outside the bounds of safety and efficacy is termed quackery.
capella is one of only 86 higher education institutions in the united states to have received the national centers of academic excellence in information assurance education(ncae) designation by the national security agency(nsa).	capella is one of pnly 86 higher education institutions in the united states to have received the national centers of academic excellence in information assurance education(ncae) designation by the national security agency(nsa).
not willing to do so, father wedgwood and most of the old catholic church in england found themselves without a bishop as they withdrew from archbishop mathew's leadership.	not willing to do so, wedgwood and most of the old catholic church in england found themselves without a bishop as they withdrew from archbishop mathew's leadership.
"melanie clare sophie ""mel"" giedroyc is an english presenter, actress and comedienne , best known for her comedy work with sue perkins, co-hosting series including light lunch for channel 4, the great british bake off for the bbc and chat show mel and sue for itv."	"melanie clare sophie ""mel"" giedroyc is an english presenter, actress and comedian , best known for her comedy work with sue perkins, co-hosting series including light lunch for channel 4, the great british bake off for the bbc and chat show mel and sue for itv."
along with shawnee's acting resume, she is also a talented musician.	along with shawnee's acting resume, she is also a musician.
some churches , for example jehovah's witnesses and the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, describe their polity as hierarchical.	some religious organizations , for example jehovah's witnesses and the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, describe their polity as hierarchical.
cochlear has a reasonable warranty & repair policy.	cochlear has a warranty & repair policy.
it centers on the validity of the term itself, and whether or not there is any correlation between the so-called addiction and its ascribed effects.	it centers on the validity of the term itself, and whether or not there is any correlation between the addiction and its ascribed effects.
"the superior court lawsuit filed on 19 july 2007 by feminist attorney gloria allred on behalf of elizabeth mazzocchi alleges ""intentional and negligent transmission of a sexually transmitted disease, assault, battery and breach of oral contract."""	"the superior court lawsuit filed on 19 july 2007 by attorney gloria allred on behalf of elizabeth mazzocchi alleges ""intentional and negligent transmission of a sexually transmitted disease, assault, battery and breach of oral contract."""
al jazeera, the arabic language channel, produced a documentary about the flight that was transmitted in march 2000. the documentary looked at the official ntsb theory and speculations surrounding it.	al jazeera, the arabic language channel, produced a documentary about the flight that was transmitted in march 2000. the documentary looked at the official ntsb report and speculations surrounding it.
encouraging children to leave their families	support for the right of children to leave their families
an anti- militant source reported that one of the separatists' tanks was destroyed, and one captured, while the number of militant casualties was unknown and there was no verification from the separatists.	an anti- russian source reported that one of the separatists' tanks was destroyed, and one captured, while the number of militant casualties was unknown and there was no verification from the separatists.
these views, though now popular in the modern day, are conflicting and contradicting to genuine christian beliefs.	these views, though now popular in the modern day, are conflicting and contradicting to orthodox christian beliefs.
we five was among the artists included in a preliminary injunction issued by the los angeles superior court in april 1968. the edict prohibited pirating of a&m artists, including the tijuana brass and the sandpipers.	we five was among the artists included in a preliminary injunction issued by the los angeles superior court in april 1968. the edict prohibited bootlegging of a&m artists, including the tijuana brass and the sandpipers.
"donlin attempted to leverage his popularity as an athlete to launch a career in broadway theatre where he met and married vaudeville comedienne mabel hite in 1906. together, they performed in the baseball-themed play ""stealing home"" for about three years."	"donlin attempted to leverage his popularity as an athlete to launch a career in broadway theatre where he met and married vaudeville comedian mabel hite in 1906. together, they performed in the baseball-themed play ""stealing home"" for about three years."
"ronald ray ""ron"" cyrus (july 10, 1935 february 28, 2006) was an inspiring american democratic politician and public servant in greenup county, kentucky."	"ronald ray ""ron"" cyrus (july 10, 1935 february 28, 2006) was an american democratic politician and public servant in greenup county, kentucky."
outside of those industries, famous canadian architect frank gehry used the software, through a company called c3 smartmodel using primarily catia v4, to design his award-winning curvilinear buildings.	outside of those industries, canadian architect frank gehry used the software, through a company called c3 smartmodel using primarily catia v4, to design his award-winning curvilinear buildings.
"in late 2017, allen teased numerous songs online in preparation for the album, including the track titled ""family man""."	"in late 2017, allen uploaded numerous songs online in preparation for the album, including the track titled ""family man""."
many transpeople also experience homophobia from people who incorrectly associate the medically recognised condition of gender identity disorder as a form of homosexuality (see homosexuality and transgender)	many transpeople also experience homophobia from people who associate the medically recognised condition of gender identity disorder as a form of homosexuality (see homosexuality and transgender)
share repurchases also allow companies to covertly distribute their earnings to investors without inflicting them with taxation.	share repurchases also allow companies to distribute their earnings to investors without inflicting them with taxation.
the distillate, a clear vodka , is then usually aged in oak barrels.	the distillate, a clear liquid , is then usually aged in oak barrels.
as an infanta of spain, her hand in marriage was very important in european politics; before her marriage to manuel i of portugal, her parents entertained the idea of marrying her off to king james iv of scotland.	as an infanta of spain, her hand in marriage was very important in european politics; before her marriage to manuel i of portugal, her parents entertained the idea of marrying her to king james iv of scotland.
unfortunately lott's stature began to fall in 2003. his academic rebuttals to subsequent peer-reviewed work which reached conclusions opposite to his have been plagued by coding errors and other systematic sources of bias, which all served, whether innocent, deliberate, or subconscious, to falsely support his theory.	lott's stature began to fall in 2003. his academic rebuttals to subsequent peer-reviewed work which reached conclusions opposite to his have been plagued by coding errors and other systematic sources of bias, which all served, whether innocent, deliberate, or subconscious, to falsely support his theory.
shaleen balot of season 2 is now a famous television actor and also won nach baliye 4 with his girlfriend daljeet kaur	shaleen balot of season 2 is now a television actor and also won nach baliye 4 with his girlfriend daljeet kaur
most democrats doggedly opposed reagan's efforts to support the contra guerrillas against the leftist sandinista government of nicaragua, and to support the dictatorial governments of guatemala, honduras and el salvador against communist guerrilla movements.	most democrats doggedly opposed reagan's efforts to support the contra guerrillas against the leftist sandinista government of nicaragua, and to support the governments of guatemala, honduras and el salvador against communist guerrilla movements.
the city has pursued a policy of careful growth, and enjoys breathtaking views of pikes peak.	the city has pursued a policy of careful growth, and enjoys dramatic views of pikes peak.
scrates was a wonderful technical playmaker, known for great through passes and his vision on the field.	scrates was a technical playmaker, known for great through passes and his vision on the field.
the heartland institute is an american conservative public policy think tank based in chicago, illinois that advocates free market policies.	the heartland institute is an american public policy think tank based in chicago, illinois that advocates free market policies.
encyclopdia britannica, encyclopedia americana, the columbia encyclopedia, the oxford world encyclopedia, and the microsoft encarta online encyclopedia anachronistically identify copernicus as polish.	encyclopdia britannica, encyclopedia americana, the columbia encyclopedia, the oxford world encyclopedia, and the microsoft encarta online encyclopedia identify copernicus as polish.
fabchannel.com - fantastic video stream of dfa concert in amsterdam	fabchannel.com - video stream of dfa concert in amsterdam
he was known for his powerful dunks, which notably led to the nba adopting breakaway rims due to his shattering the backboard on two occasions in 1979.	he was known for his powerful dunks, which led to the nba adopting breakaway rims due to his shattering the backboard on two occasions in 1979.
christopher jaymes (born july 19, 1973) is an award-winning american television and film actor, director, screenwriter and producer.	christopher jaymes (born july 19, 1973) is an american television and film actor, director, screenwriter and producer.
perless is distinctive among artists producing large-scale public works because of his hands-on approach to his creation and because he does not use metal fabricators to create portions of his work.	perless is known among artists producing large-scale public works because of his hands-on approach to his creation and because he does not use metal fabricators to create portions of his work.
critics of the organization have charged it with being elitist, as it discourages nominally cheaper alternative methods of growing or preparing food.	critics of the organization have charged it with being elitist, as it discourages cheaper alternative methods of growing or preparing food.
internet analytics company comscore says google's gmail has finally edged out microsoft's hotmail as the world's top e-mail service.	internet analytics company comscore says google's gmail has edged out microsoft's hotmail as the world's top e-mail service.
they also appeared in the 1994 final four and lost badly in the 2000 ncaa championship game to michigan state.	they also appeared in the 1994 final four and lost in the 2000 ncaa championship game to michigan state.
it is a fascinating description of the passage from life to death, in a raw and realistic manner, including poetic nostalgia.	it is a description of the passage from life to death, in a raw and realistic manner, including poetic nostalgia.
unfortunately by 1278, 52 years after st.francis' death, two factions had arisen, the former with a more lenient, less mystical attitude, the latter being more severe, preaching absolute poverty and penitence.	by 1278, 52 years after st.francis' death, two factions had arisen, the former with a more lenient, less mystical attitude, the latter being more severe, preaching absolute poverty and penitence.
the congress recognized this problem and proposed amendments to the articles in an effort to correct it.	the congress recognized this limitation and proposed amendments to the articles in an effort to correct it.
similarly in america, eugenicist margaret sanger was prosecuted for her family limitation under the comstock act 1873, in 1914, and fled to britain where she met with marie stopes until it was safe for her to return.	similarly in america, margaret sanger was prosecuted for her family limitation under the comstock act 1873, in 1914, and fled to britain where she met with marie stopes until it was safe for her to return.
he prefers neutral monism to materialism .	he prefers dual-aspect monism to materialism .
this letter was written by gogo, frankish mayor of the palace of austrasia under sigebert i and childebert ii, sometime between gogo's rise to power in 571 and his death in 581. sadly it is undated and unattached to the name of either king he served.	this letter was written by gogo, frankish mayor of the palace of austrasia under sigebert i and childebert ii, sometime between gogo's rise to power in 571 and his death in 581. it is undated and unattached to the name of either king he served.
syrian tiger forces advanced against isis in the northwest deir ez-zor governorate and closing in syrian troops in southeast raqqa governorate, according to a military source close to the government; the towns of al-tabni, al-turayif, al-buwytiyah, khan zahra and al-masrab were liberated from isis forces.	syrian tiger forces advanced against isis in the northwest deir ez-zor governorate and closing in syrian troops in southeast raqqa governorate, according to a military source close to the government; the towns of al-tabni, al-turayif, al-buwytiyah, khan zahra and al-masrab were captured from isis forces.
it is loosely based on the life and career of broadway and film star and comedienne fanny brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler nicky arnstein.	it is loosely based on the life and career of broadway and film star and comedian fanny brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler nicky arnstein.
hristijan mickoski is a controversial macedonian politician and the leader of the conservative vmro-dpmne party since december 2017.	hristijan mickoski is a macedonian politician and the leader of the conservative vmro-dpmne party since december 2017.
although they successfully compete in a number of different sports, sporting is best known for its association football team.	although they compete in a number of different sports, sporting is best known for its association football team.
igor liba is a former excellent slovak ice hockey player.	igor liba is a former slovak ice hockey player.
that year he won a coveted championship medal in that grade, as carrickshcok secured promotion to the senior ranks following a 23 to 12 defeat of wellbrook in the decider.	that year he won a kilkenny junior hurling championship medal in that grade, as carrickshcok secured promotion to the senior ranks following a 23 to 12 defeat of wellbrook in the decider.
"kirsty ""dotty"" cotton is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by molly conlin."	"kirsty ""dotty"" cotton is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by molly conlin."
all in the family is an acclaimed american situation comedy that was originally broadcast on the cbs television network from january 12, 1971 to april 8, 1979. in september 1979, the show was revamped, and given a new title, archie bunker's place.	all in the family is an american situation comedy that was originally broadcast on the cbs television network from january 12, 1971 to april 8, 1979. in september 1979, the show was revamped, and given a new title, archie bunker's place.
replays clearly showed that the call was incorrect, and that donald had in fact been out at first.	replays showed that the call was incorrect, and that donald had in fact been out at first.
"allen taunts webb volunteer, sidarth, referring to him as a ""macaca""."	"allen points to webb volunteer, sidarth, referring to him as a ""macaca""."
"the movie also featured a crowd-pleasing soundtrack of popular songs, including a cover version of ""love is all around"" performed by wet wet wet that remained at number 1 in the british charts for fifteen weeks and was then the ninth (now twelfth) biggest selling single of all time in britain."	"the movie also featured a soundtrack of popular songs, including a cover version of ""love is all around"" performed by wet wet wet that remained at number 1 in the british charts for fifteen weeks and was then the ninth (now twelfth) biggest selling single of all time in britain."
tcp wrapper is a host-based networking acl system, used to filter network access to internet protocol servers on (unix-like) operating systems such as gnu/ linux or bsd.	tcp wrapper is a host-based networking acl system, used to filter network access to internet protocol servers on (unix-like) operating systems such as linux or bsd.
chinatown - bordering the south-western end of george street, sydney chinatown has many good-quality restaurants and shops; at the corner with hay street there is a tree stump gilded in gold, which is said to bring good fortune to the chinese community.	chinatown - bordering the south-western end of george street, sydney chinatown has many restaurants and shops; at the corner with hay street there is a tree stump gilded in gold, which is said to bring good fortune to the chinese community.
she was selected to teach the 1898 normal class but died on march 15, 1898. her passing was a tremendous blow to bliss's father.	she was selected to teach the 1898 normal class but died on march 15, 1898. her death was a tremendous blow to bliss's father.
however, there are some psychologists who still subscribe to the electra complex theory.	however, there are a number of psychologists who still subscribe to the electra complex theory.
unfortunately printing telegraphs were quite temperamental and suffered frequent breakdowns.	printing telegraphs were quite temperamental and suffered frequent breakdowns.
pamela stephenson (born 1949), new zealand-australian comedienne , actress and psychologist, also known as pamela connolly	pamela stephenson (born 1949), new zealand-australian comedian , actress and psychologist, also known as pamela connolly
the national lawyers guild is a progressive bar association in the united states for lawyers and law students, as well as paralegals, legal secretaries, jailhouse lawyers, and other legal workers.	the national lawyers guild is a leftist bar association in the united states for lawyers and law students, as well as paralegals, legal secretaries, jailhouse lawyers, and other legal workers.
naomi julien is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by petra letang.	naomi julien is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by petra letang.
"often, defenders of the ""culture of life"" compare their opponents to the perpetrators of the nazi genocide, much like extreme pro-life advocates do."	"often, defenders of the ""culture of life"" compare their opponents to the perpetrators of the nazi genocide, much like some pro-life advocates do."
saffron terror, hindutva terrorism, and hindu terrorism are controversial phrases used to describe acts of terrorism committed to promote hindu nationalism.	saffron terror, hindutva terrorism, and hindu terrorism are phrases used to describe acts of terrorism committed to promote hindu nationalism.
its significance as a railway station can still be linked to the famous turnberry hotel and club house which displays an original railway poster by claude buckle showing the turnberry hotel in 1932.	its significance as a railway station can still be linked to the turnberry hotel and club house which displays an original railway poster by claude buckle showing the turnberry hotel in 1932.
in 1994, he narrated the excellent tv miniseries, watergate.	in 1994, he narrated the tv miniseries, watergate.
however van persie returned as a substitute for arsenal's embarrassing 0-1 defeat to newcastle on the 7 of november 2010.	however van persie returned as a substitute for arsenal's 0-1 defeat to newcastle on the 7 of november 2010.
"as popular as this sexual act is in pornographic films as indicated by the popularity of actresses who can perform it, it is not usually specifically represented in adult video as a distinct fetish, and usually is found under the generic category ""oral""."	"as popular as this sexual act is in pornographic films as indicated by the popularity of pornographic actors who can perform it, it is not usually specifically represented in adult video as a distinct fetish, and usually is found under the generic category ""oral""."
in the last half of the twentieth century, hordes of northern republicans retired and moved to coastal communities in south florida.	in the last half of the twentieth century, large numbers of northern republicans retired and moved to coastal communities in south florida.
in executive order 13493 obama ordered the identification of alternate venues for the captives .	in executive order 13493 obama ordered the identification of alternate venues for the detainees .
"pallone received an ""a"" on the liberal drum major institute's 2005 congressional scorecard on middle-class issues ."	"pallone received an ""a"" on the drum major institute's 2005 congressional scorecard on middle-class issues ."
she is best known for her portrayal of the high-roller heiress vienna hyatt on the hit cbs soap opera as the world turns.	she is best known for her portrayal of the high-roller heiress vienna hyatt on the cbs soap opera as the world turns.
mount holyoke college is a prestigious liberal arts college for women in south hadley, massachusetts.	mount holyoke college is a liberal arts college for women in south hadley, massachusetts.
the blmez faces or the faces of blmez is an apparently paranormal phenomenon in a private house in spain which started in 1971 when residents claimed to see images of faces appear in the concrete floor of the house.	the blmez faces or the faces of blmez is an alleged paranormal phenomenon in a private house in spain which started in 1971 when residents claimed to see images of faces appear in the concrete floor of the house.
a remarkable feature of the kangaroo rat is the animal's efficient kidneys.	a feature of the kangaroo rat is the animal's efficient kidneys.
the jesus-myth idea is the position of a small group of scholars that a literal and historical jesus did not exist but instead portrays abstract, symbolic, and metaphorical allusion of a higher knowledge, awareness and consciousness which is not readily apparent to one who adheres to the perception of reality as defined by the five senses.	the jesus-myth idea is the position of a group of scholars that a literal and historical jesus did not exist but instead portrays abstract, symbolic, and metaphorical allusion of a higher knowledge, awareness and consciousness which is not readily apparent to one who adheres to the perception of reality as defined by the five senses.
fortunately lewis was uninjured in the attack.	lewis was uninjured in the attack.
obsession: radical islam's war against the west, also called obsession, is a 2006 propaganda documentary movie about islamist teachings and goals which uses extensive arab and iranian television footage.	obsession: radical islam's war against the west, also called obsession, is a 2006 documentary movie about islamist teachings and goals which uses extensive arab and iranian television footage.
some intelligence reports allege that pakistan army's isi intelligence used part of these commission to finance the kashmiri separatists in the indian administered kashmir.	some intelligence reports allege that pakistan army's isi intelligence used part of these commission to finance the kashmiri millitants in the indian administered kashmir.
the arrow cross leadership retreated across the danube into the hills of buda in late january, and by february the city surrendered to the soviet occupier .	the arrow cross leadership retreated across the danube into the hills of buda in late january, and by february the city surrendered to the soviet forces .
"interestingly enough, the first two items mentioned from the menu do not contain spam, specifically ""egg and bacon"" and ""egg, sausage, and bacon."""	"oddly enough, the first two items mentioned from the menu do not contain spam, specifically ""egg and bacon"" and ""egg, sausage, and bacon."""
"amir khusro, a proud hindustani turk (""turk-e-hindustani""), was born of a turkic father, saif ad-dn mahmoud, who was one of the chiefs of the lachin tribe of the karakhitais of kush, transoxania and a rajput (rawal) mother, in india."	"amir khusro, a hindustani turk (""turk-e-hindustani""), was born of a turkic father, saif ad-dn mahmoud, who was one of the chiefs of the lachin tribe of the karakhitais of kush, transoxania and a rajput (rawal) mother, in india."
the repression also brought thousands of victims before the paris revolutionary tribunal, whose work was expedited by the law of 22 prairial (june 10 1794) which had led to the terror.	the repression also brought thousands of suspects before the paris revolutionary tribunal, whose work was expedited by the law of 22 prairial (june 10 1794) which had led to the terror.
workmen roamed the streets on dagen h to remove the plastic.	workers roamed the streets on dagen h to remove the plastic.
young earth creationism (yec) is a form of creationism, a religious belief, which holds that the universe, earth, and all life on earth were created by direct acts of god less than 10,000 years ago.	young earth creationism (yec) is a form of creationism, a belief, which holds that the universe, earth, and all life on earth were created by direct acts of god less than 10,000 years ago.
"subhas chandra bose (bengali: ) born 23 january 1897; presumed to have died 18 august 1945, although this is disputed), popularly known as netaji (literally ""respected leader""), was one of the greatest leaders in the indian independence movement."	"subhas chandra bose (bengali: ) born 23 january 1897; presumed to have died 18 august 1945, although this is disputed), popularly known as netaji (literally ""respected leader""), was one of the leaders in the indian independence movement."
zionism, seen as a national liberation movement for the repatriation of the jewish people to their homeland then under british colonial rule, appealed to some hindu nationalists, who viewed their struggle for independence from british rule and the partition of india as national liberation for long-oppressed hindus.	zionism, seen as a national liberation movement for the repatriation of the jewish people to their homeland then under british colonial rule, appealed to some hindu nationalists, who viewed their struggle for independence from british rule and the partition of india as national liberation for persecution hindus.
johnson vetoed 21 bills passed by congress during his term, but the radicals overrode 15 of them, including the reconstruction acts and force acts, which rewrote the election laws for the south and allowed blacks to vote, while prohibiting most leading whites from holding office, if they had supported the confederacy.	johnson vetoed 21 bills passed by congress during his term, but the radicals overrode 15 of them, including the reconstruction acts and enforcement acts, which rewrote the election laws for the south and allowed blacks to vote, while prohibiting most leading whites from holding office, if they had supported the confederacy.
alexander graham bell (march 3 1847 – august 2 1922) was a scottish scientist , inventor , and innovator.	alexander graham bell (march 3 1847 – august 2 1922) was a scientist, inventor , and innovator.
"open source software icon eric s. raymond has endorsed the organization and its efforts, calling defense distributed ""friends of freedom"" and writing ""i approve of any development that makes it more difficult for governments and criminals to monopolize the use of force."	"open source software advocate eric s. raymond has endorsed the organization and its efforts, calling defense distributed ""friends of freedom"" and writing ""i approve of any development that makes it more difficult for governments and criminals to monopolize the use of force."
"although in denver, democrats hold a virtual monopoly over city politics, boulder gains more attention for being colorado's bastion of liberalism with nicknames like ""the berkeley of the rockies"" and ""the people's republic of boulder""."	"although in denver, democrats hold a virtual monopoly over city politics, boulder gains more attention for being colorado's cul de sac of liberalism with nicknames like ""the berkeley of the rockies"" and ""the people's republic of boulder""."
tortoiseshell was widely used from ancient times in the west and in asia, until the trade was finally banned in the 1970s.	tortoiseshell was widely used from ancient times in the west and in asia, until the trade was banned in the 1970s.
denali, formerly known as mount mckinley, is the highest mountain peak in north america, with a summit elevation of above sea level.	denali, also known as mount mckinley, is the highest mountain peak in north america, with a summit elevation of above sea level.
black supremacy is the racist belief that blacks are superior to members of other races.	black supremacy is the belief that blacks are superior to members of other races.
paramount television was also very successful, creating such classics as happy days, the brady bunch, and cheers, and maintaining the star trek franchise that had exploded in the early 1970s after nbc's cancellation of the series in 1969 and its subsequent sale to syndication.	paramount television was also very successful, creating such hits as happy days, the brady bunch, and cheers, and maintaining the star trek franchise that had exploded in the early 1970s after nbc's cancellation of the series in 1969 and its subsequent sale to syndication.
the sequence of events in a car-pedestrian accident	the sequence of events in a car-pedestrian crash
the right honourable mary elizabeth temple-nugent-brydges-chandos-grenville, 11th lady kinloss, ci (30 september 1852 17 october 1944) was a british peeress .	the right honourable mary elizabeth temple-nugent-brydges-chandos-grenville, 11th lady kinloss, ci (30 september 1852 17 october 1944) was a british peer .
finkelstein described this latter claim as false and inept, claiming that the only work by kant in yiddish owned by the library was a partial translation of the critique of practical reason, a completely different work than the one referred to by wiesel and dershowitz.	finkelstein described this latter claim as false and inept, writing that the only work by kant in yiddish owned by the library was a partial translation of the critique of practical reason, a completely different work than the one referred to by wiesel and dershowitz.
unfortunately this turned out to have a number of problems, notably that copying memory on their data general eclipse was very expensive.	this turned out to have a number of problems, notably that copying memory on their data general eclipse was very expensive.
he has adapted, choreographed and directed well-known plays such as kalidasa's the recognition of sakuntala, vikramorvaya and mlavikgnimitra and bhasa's swapnavsadatta and panchartra for performance in the koodiyattam style.	he has adapted, choreographed and directed plays such as kalidasa's the recognition of sakuntala, vikramorvaya and mlavikgnimitra and bhasa's swapnavsadatta and panchartra for performance in the koodiyattam style.
the name brooks brothers riot is used to mockinglly refer to the fancy brand of suits presumed to be worn by the out of state, high level republican operatives, that made up the crowd.	the name brooks brothers riot is used to refer to the fancy brand of suits presumed to be worn by the out of state, high level republican operatives, that made up the crowd.
lenin died and joseph stalin gradually assumed control, eliminating rivals and consolidating power as the soviet union faced the challenges of the 1930s and its global crisis-tendencies.	lenin died and joseph stalin gradually assumed control, eliminating rivals and consolidating power as the soviet union faced the events of the 1930s and its global crisis-tendencies.
airbnb host guarantee provides protection of up to sg$1.2 million in damages to eligible property in the rare event of guest damages which are not resolved directly with the guests.	airbnb host guarantee provides protection of up to sg$1.2 million in damages to eligible property in the event of guest damages which are not resolved directly with the guests.
the pflp murdered the right-wing israeli tourism minister rehavam zeevi in 17 november 2001 in retaliation.	the pflp assassinated the right-wing israeli tourism minister rehavam zeevi in 17 november 2001 in retaliation.
a later civil trial found simpson liable for goldman's wrongful death.	a later civil trial found simpson liable for goldman's death.
the crimean crisis is an ongoing dispute resulting from an international crisis in 2014 involving russia and ukraine over the control of the crimean peninsula, which culminated in its annexation by russia.	the crimean crisis is an ongoing dispute resulting from an international crisis in 2014 involving russia and ukraine over the control of the crimean peninsula, which culminated in its annexation or accession to russia.
all things considered (atc), is a liberal news radio program in the united states, broadcast on the national public radio network.	all things considered (atc), is a news radio program in the united states, broadcast on the national public radio network.
in the legend of susanna and the elders, a walled garden is the scene of both an alleged tryst and an attempted rape.	in the story of susanna and the elders, a walled garden is the scene of both an alleged tryst and an attempted rape.
despite this high level of funding, according to the oecd, u.s. public schools lag behind the schools of other rich countries in the areas of reading, math, and science.	despite this high level of funding, according to the oecd, u.s. public schools lag behind the schools of other developed countries in the areas of reading, math, and science.
in the 2006 christmas special, loud-mouthed donna noble filled the companion's role for the hours immediately following his farewell to rose at the end of doomsday.	in the 2006 christmas special, donna noble filled the companion's role for the hours immediately following his farewell to rose at the end of doomsday.
"in his 2011 book, colin humphreys resolved this apparent discrepancy by positing that jesus' ""synoptic"" passover meal in fact took place two days before john's ""jewish"" passover because the former is calculated by the putative original jewish lunar calendar (itself based on the egyptian liturgical lunar calendar putatively introduced to the israelites by moses in the 13th century bc, and still used today by the samaritans)."	"in his 2011 book, colin humphreys proposes a resolution to this apparent discrepancy by positing that jesus' ""synoptic"" passover meal in fact took place two days before john's ""jewish"" passover because the former is calculated by the putative original jewish lunar calendar (itself based on the egyptian liturgical lunar calendar putatively introduced to the israelites by moses in the 13th century bc, and still used today by the samaritans)."
throughout his life alexander was understandably evasive about his ancestry, claiming scottish descent and upgrading the status of his forebears.	throughout his life alexander was evasive about his ancestry, claiming scottish descent and upgrading the status of his forebears.
jesse birdsall (born 13 february 1963) is an english actor, known in the uk for his starring roles in several high-profile, popular television programmes, particularly as marcus tandy in the egregious bbc1 soap opera eldorado and later in the adventure series bugs (199599) as nick beckett.	jesse birdsall (born 13 february 1963) is an english actor, known in the uk for his starring roles in several high-profile, popular television programmes, particularly as marcus tandy in the bbc1 soap opera eldorado and later in the adventure series bugs (199599) as nick beckett.
"part ii closes with the chorus ""hallelujah"", in the brilliant key of d major with trumpets and timpani."	"part ii closes with the chorus ""hallelujah"", in the key of d major with trumpets and timpani."
despite paying lip service to the campaign, the glc set a legal rate on schedule, passed by moderate labour councillors with the support of conservative opposition members.	despite paying lip service to the campaign, the glc set a legal rate on schedule, passed by labour councillors with the support of conservative opposition members.
after his passing in 1904 it was not clear which of his sons would succeed him.	after his death in 1904 it was not clear which of his sons would succeed him.
several eminent islamic scholars have declared that what he said was not blasphemy.	several islamic scholars have declared that what he said was not blasphemy.
critical reaction to the film has been extremely positive.	critical reaction to the film has been very positive.
the talented cast of the two-hour pilot, which is being produced by ultimate fighting championship president dana white, includes matthew marsden and kevin chapman, michael mulheren, david patrick kelly, william lee scott, tim murphy, todd bryant, and mircea monroe.	the cast of the two-hour pilot, which is being produced by ultimate fighting championship president dana white, includes matthew marsden and kevin chapman, michael mulheren, david patrick kelly, william lee scott, tim murphy, todd bryant, and mircea monroe.
mcmaster university is a prestigious medium-sized research-intensive university located in hamilton, ontario, canada, with an enrollment of 18,238 full-time and 3,836 part-time students (as of 2006).	mcmaster university is a medium-sized research-intensive university located in hamilton, ontario, canada, with an enrollment of 18,238 full-time and 3,836 part-time students (as of 2006).
a fascinating feature of these peptides is their high specificity and affinity towards human ion channels, receptors and transporters of the nervous system.	a notable feature of these peptides is their high specificity and affinity towards human ion channels, receptors and transporters of the nervous system.
since that time, australian english has borrowed increasingly from external , non-british sources.	since that time, australian english has borrowed increasingly from, non-british sources.
he announced his shadow cabinet 8th of december 2009. the reshuffle was needed after mr abbott last week ousted mr turnbull as liberal leader following a revolt from the hard-right against his support for an emissions trading scheme.	he announced his shadow cabinet 8th of december 2009. the reshuffle was needed after mr abbott last week ousted mr turnbull as liberal leader following a revolt from the conservative faction against his support for an emissions trading scheme.
"in mcbain's book ""the merrick and neighbouring hills"" there is a fascinating description of how mcbain tried to find the depth of loch enoch by cutting a series of holes on its icy surface and dropping a weighted line into it - quite alone when he did so."	"in mcbain's book ""the merrick and neighbouring hills"" there is a description of how mcbain tried to find the depth of loch enoch by cutting a series of holes on its icy surface and dropping a weighted line into it - quite alone when he did so."
owen prematurely left a widow, martha, and two children, oje edward and athena.	owen left a widow, martha, and two children, oje edward and athena.
neturei karta fringe members at the international conference to review the global vision of the holocaust in iran.	neturei karta members at the international conference to review the global vision of the holocaust in iran.
he also is known for being the bassist with the british invasion group manfred mann and later as a respected session player and record producer.	he also is known for being the bassist with the british group manfred mann and later as a respected session player and record producer.
"colspan=""2"" style=""text-align: center; font-size: 90%; border-bottom: 1px solid #aaa;"" | israel and the disputed territories"	"colspan=""2"" style=""text-align: center; font-size: 90%; border-bottom: 1px solid #aaa;"" | israel and the occupied territories"
the larger part of the county lies in arunachal pradesh, in the area administered by india but illegally claimed by china.	the larger part of the county lies in arunachal pradesh, in the area administered by india but claimed by china.
an itako is a traditional blind shaman ess from northern japan.	an itako is a traditional blind shaman from northern japan.
ukrainian soldiers on foot, patrolling in serbian village near brezovica	ukrainian soldiers on foot, patrolling in a kosovan village near brezovica
in 2004-2005 he held one of the prestigious knight science journalism fellowships.	in 2004-2005 he held one of the knight science journalism fellowships.
frederique van der wal (born august 30, 1967, in the hague, zuid-holland, the netherlands) is a dutch supermodel , best known for her appearances in sports illustrated, cosmopolitan, and victoria's secret.	frederique van der wal (born august 30, 1967, in the hague, zuid-holland, the netherlands) is a dutch model , best known for her appearances in sports illustrated, cosmopolitan, and victoria's secret.
saara - swedish-finnish american singer, songwriter, actress, makeup artist, fashion designer, youtuber, comedienne , pseudo-language specialist, polyglot	saara - swedish-finnish american singer, songwriter, actress, makeup artist, fashion designer, youtuber, comedian , pseudo-language specialist, polyglot
he is the father of puerto rican talent manager and radio entrepreneur topy mamery, puerto rican radio announcer and marketing impresario eric william mamery, and media announcer and comedienne gricel mamery.	he is the father of puerto rican talent manager and radio entrepreneur topy mamery, puerto rican radio announcer and marketing impresario eric william mamery, and media announcer and comedian gricel mamery.
the origins of these societies is not certain in many cases, but by the mid-18th century london fostered an incredibly active debating society culture.	the origins of these societies is not certain in many cases, but by the mid-18th century london fostered an active debating society culture.
the sddeutsche zeitung is one of the largest german high-quality newspapers.	the sddeutsche zeitung is one of the largest german newspapers.
clayton waagner - us prisoner, faces 15 years to life, convicted april 18, 2002 in cincinnati, ohio us district court on separate firearms and car theft charges; arrested at a kinko's in springdale, ohio december 5, 2001; mailed anthrax letters to planned parenthood november 2001; stalkings and threats to kill 42 low-level abortion industry employees up to november 23, 2001; also became a u. s. marshals service top 15 fugitive by november 29, 2001 because of more than 280 letters that threatened to contain anthrax, which he mailed with return addresses of the u.s. marshals service and the u.s. secret service in october 2001; wanted for carjackings in tunica and in robinsonville, mississippi and firearms violations in memphis, tennessee september 7, 2001; had abandoned a vehicle in memphis, tennessee, following a hit and run accident; wanted for bank robbery of a first union bank in harrisburg, pennsylvania may 2001; escaped from dewitt county jail in clinton, illinois february 22, 2001 where he was awaiting sentencing and facing a term of 15 years to life; had been convicted on charges of possession of a firearm by a felon and interstate transportation of a stolen motor vehicle; had been arrested after crossing into illinois with his wife and eight children in a stolen winnebago rv in september 1999; sentenced to 410 years for attempted robbery in 1992	clayton waagner - us prisoner, faces 15 years to life, convicted april 18, 2002 in cincinnati, ohio us district court on separate firearms and car theft charges; arrested at a kinko's in springdale, ohio december 5, 2001; mailed anthrax letters to planned parenthood november 2001; stalkings and threats to kill 42 low-level abortion clinic employees up to november 23, 2001; also became a u. s. marshals service top 15 fugitive by november 29, 2001 because of more than 280 letters that threatened to contain anthrax, which he mailed with return addresses of the u.s. marshals service and the u.s. secret service in october 2001; wanted for carjackings in tunica and in robinsonville, mississippi and firearms violations in memphis, tennessee september 7, 2001; had abandoned a vehicle in memphis, tennessee, following a hit and run accident; wanted for bank robbery of a first union bank in harrisburg, pennsylvania may 2001; escaped from dewitt county jail in clinton, illinois february 22, 2001 where he was awaiting sentencing and facing a term of 15 years to life; had been convicted on charges of possession of a firearm by a felon and interstate transportation of a stolen motor vehicle; had been arrested after crossing into illinois with his wife and eight children in a stolen winnebago rv in september 1999; sentenced to 410 years for attempted robbery in 1992
over the decades, millions have come as tourists and pilgrims to be able to touch the wall with their hands and feel the sanctity that emanates from it.	over the decades, millions have come as tourists and pilgrims to be able to touch the wall with their hands and feel the sanctity that is said to emanate from it.
renowned professors and educationists	professors and educationists
godless: the church of liberalism, a propoganda book written by ann coulter	godless: the church of liberalism, a book written by ann coulter
the welsh are an ethnic group primarily associated with wales and the welsh language.	the welsh are a celtic ethnic group primarily associated with wales and the welsh language.
moldova, ukraine and georgia have been pressured by both the european union and the eurasian economic union to join their integration unions.	moldova, ukraine and georgia have been offered by both the european union and the eurasian economic union to join their integration unions.
"he was deported to syria and tortured, in an alleged example of the united states policy of ""extraordinary rendition""."	"he was deported to syria and tortured, in an apparent example of the united states policy of ""extraordinary rendition""."
marty friedman (born martin adam friedman, december 8, 1962) is an american virtuoso guitarist.	marty friedman (born martin adam friedman, december 8, 1962) is an american guitarist.
razzledazzle is a popular bbc television programme for children that airs on bbc's cbeebies channel.	razzledazzle is a bbc television programme for children that airs on bbc's cbeebies channel.
"the online magazine ammoland.com has criticized the mayors against illegal guns coalition, citing that they have failed to account for two important things: ""the response of gun owners to this new threat"" of ""new restrictions on law-abiding gun owners"" and that ""many mayors would not take kindly to being misled regarding the real purpose of mayors against illegal guns""."	"the online magazine ammoland.com has criticized the mayors against illegal guns coalition, claiiming that they have failed to account for two important things: ""the response of gun owners to this new threat"" of ""new restrictions on law-abiding gun owners"" and that ""many mayors would not take kindly to being misled regarding the real purpose of mayors against illegal guns""."
lane abruptly called for a time-out, holyfield turned to walk to his corner, and tyson ran up to holyfield and pushed his back, startling both the crowd and holyfield, who fell into the ropes.	lane called for a time-out, holyfield turned to walk to his corner, and tyson ran up to holyfield and pushed his back, startling both the crowd and holyfield, who fell into the ropes.
"the german revisionist historian jrg friedrich, claims that ""winston churchill's decision to area bomb a shattered germany between january and may 1945 was a war crime."""	"the german historian jrg friedrich, claims that ""winston churchill's decision to area bomb a shattered germany between january and may 1945 was a war crime."""
the highway serves as a major north-south arterial expressway for much of its routing through chicago's northern suburbs, as well as an oft-used alternate for truckers avoiding the cost of high tolls on the tri-state tollway.	the highway serves as a major north-south arterial expressway for much of its routing through chicago's northern suburbs, as well as an oft-used alternate for truckers avoiding the cost of tolls on the tri-state tollway.
more than 40 designers, programmers, authors and artists, all of them passionate gamers, work in picturesque kehl on the rhine.	more than 40 designers, programmers, authors and artists, all of them passionate gamers, work in kehl on the rhine.
"in recognition of this, stanley was inducted into the international hockey hall of fame in 1945 in the ""honoured builders"" category."	"in recognition of this, stanley was inducted into the canadian hockey hall of fame in 1945 in the ""honoured builders"" category."
some fans have argued that it is very derivative of previous swedish 1974 winner abba.	some fans have argued that it is derivative of previous swedish 1974 winner abba.
one group, consisting of the destroyers uss merrill (dd 976) and uss lynde mccormick (ddg 8), plus the amphibious transport dock uss trenton (lpd-14) with the landing of the embarked marine air ground task force, neutralized the sassan oil platform.	one group, consisting of the destroyers uss merrill (dd 976) and uss lynde mccormick (ddg 8), plus the amphibious transport dock uss trenton (lpd-14) with the landing of the embarked marine air ground task force, embarked on destroying the sassan oil platform.
the women who showed exemplary courage and team spirit had to face strong winds of more than 60 knots and very high waves of up to 7 metres.	the women who showed good courage and team spirit had to face strong winds of more than 60 knots and very high waves of up to 7 metres.
schwartz also claims he was involved in the discovery and the first modern mapping of the eastern harbor of alexandria and the discovery of numerous shipwrecks as well as mark anthony's palace in alexandria, the ptolemaic palace complex of cleopatra, and the remains of the lighthouse of pharos, one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.	schwartz also says he was involved in the discovery and the first modern mapping of the eastern harbor of alexandria and the discovery of numerous shipwrecks as well as mark anthony's palace in alexandria, the ptolemaic palace complex of cleopatra, and the remains of the lighthouse of pharos, one of the seven wonders of the ancient world.
andi osho (born 1973), british comedienne , actress and writer	andi osho (born 1973), british comedian , actress and writer
unfortunately , current american public transportation is still viewed and characterized as a form of welfare, leading to paradoxical expenses as public tax dollars across the us bear high subsidies for transit services, while delivering low ridership levels, fewer service hours than other major countries with public transit systems, and longer wait times between trip destinations.	however , current american public transportation is still viewed and characterized as a form of welfare, leading to paradoxical expenses as public tax dollars across the us bear high subsidies for transit services, while delivering low ridership levels, fewer service hours than other major countries with public transit systems, and longer wait times between trip destinations.
in october 2007, the catholic league called for a boycott of the film, due to its perceived anti-christian themes.	in october 2007, the catholic league called for a boycott of the film, due to its anti-christian themes.
she joined the janata dal in 1988 and served as the general secretary of jd 1988-1989. she won her first election in 1989 and served as minister of the environment from 1989 to 1991 in the cabinet of v.p.	she joined the janata dal in 1988 and served as the general secretary of jd 1988-1989. she won her first election in 1989 and served as minister of environment from 1989 to 1991 in the cabinet of v.p.
a number of other candidates in the 2008 race encountered similar scrutiny of religious advisors, though generally with less publicity, leading liberal commentators to allege that the criticism of wright was fueled by racism or double standards.	a number of other candidates in the 2008 race encountered similar scrutiny of religious advisors, though generally with less publicity, leading some commentators to allege that the criticism of wright was fueled by racism or double standards.
no doubt is the sixteenth release of the legendary christian rock band, petra.	no doubt is the sixteenth release of the christian rock band, petra.
it was reportedly set on fire by turkish troops during the great fire of smyrna.	it was allegedly set on fire by turkish troops during the great fire of smyrna.
cleveland is represented in the georgia house of representatives by a controversial conservative republican member, ben bridges.	cleveland is represented in the georgia house of representatives by a conservative republican member, ben bridges.
the possible social implications of an artificial human production scheme were famously explored in the novel brave new world and also in the movie the island.	the social implications of an artificial human production scheme were famously explored in the novel brave new world and also in the movie the island.
documents and artifacts include rich private archives donated by the jobin-thibodeau family and by former advisory board president, the late wilfrid j. michaud, jr. in 2004, the institute's collection was complemented by the arrival on campus of the mallet library of the union st. jean-baptiste, a magnificent collection of franco-americana compiled by a successful franco-american immigrant, major edmond mallet, in the late 19th century.	documents and artifacts include rich private archives donated by the jobin-thibodeau family and by former advisory board president, the late wilfrid j. michaud, jr. in 2004, the institute's collection was complemented by the arrival on campus of the mallet library of the union st. jean-baptiste, a notable collection of franco-americana compiled by a successful franco-american immigrant, major edmond mallet, in the late 19th century.
the rivers-manning trade was a blockbuster nfl trade that occurred on the first day of the 2004 nfl draft.	the rivers-manning trade was a nfl trade that occurred on the first day of the 2004 nfl draft.
obatzda is a delicious bavarian cheese delicacy.	obatzda is a bavarian cheese delicacy.
dave pierre of the mrc has also claimed that the wikipedia article on the media research center is slanted against their organization.	dave pierre of the mrc has claimed that the wikipedia article on the media research center is slanted against their organization.
the band, pressured by their record company not to write another concept piece (after the previous album, caress of steel, containing two such songs, failed commercially), stuck to their principles and created what is hailed as their first masterpiece.	the band, pressured by their record company not to write another concept piece (after the previous album, caress of steel, containing two such songs, failed commercially), stuck to their principles and created what is hailed as their first commercial success.
the rock band night also perform the track stripper, which sadly did not appear on either of their albums.	the rock band night also perform the track stripper, which did not appear on either of their albums.
rightmaureen dowd (born january 14, 1952) is a radical columnist for the new york times and an author.	rightmaureen dowd (born january 14, 1952) is a columnist for the new york times and an author.
he is best remembered for winning the battle of tours in 732, which has traditionally been characterized as an action saving europe from the muslim expansionism which had devoured iberia.	he is best remembered for winning the battle of tours in 732, which has traditionally been characterized as an action saving europe from the muslim expansionism which had invaded iberia.
one of the leading chemical companies in the world today, e. i. du pont de nemours and company, was founded by the brilliant scientist e. i. du pont, who immigrated directly from france in 1799.	one of the leading chemical companies in the world today, e. i. du pont de nemours and company, was founded by the scientist e. i. du pont, who immigrated directly from france in 1799.
"born in raleigh, nc on april 5 1929, richard ""dick"" jenrette was one the founders of the storied wall street firm, donaldson, lufkin & jenrette (dlj)."	"born in raleigh, nc on april 5 1929, richard ""dick"" jenrette was one the founders of the wall street firm, donaldson, lufkin & jenrette (dlj)."
"abdullah ""apo"" calan (born april 4, 1948), is the leader of the kurdish terrorist militant group kurdistan workers party (pkk)."	"abdullah ""apo"" calan (born april 4, 1948), is the leader of the kurdish militant group kurdistan workers party (pkk)."
the church has a close relationship with st ignatius catholic primary school next door.	the church has a relationship with st ignatius catholic primary school next door.
in the 1950s, evidence of hoover's unwillingness to focus fbi resources on the mafia became grist for the media and his many detractors, after famed muckraker jack anderson exposed the immense scope of the mafia's organized crime network, a threat hoover had long downplayed.	in the 1950s, evidence of hoover's unwillingness to focus fbi resources on the mafia became grist for the media and his many detractors, after famed reporter jack anderson exposed the immense scope of the mafia's organized crime network, a threat hoover had long downplayed.
former prime minister ibrahim hashem and other jordanian officials who were on an official visit to iraq were also massacred .	former prime minister ibrahim hashem and other jordanian officials who were on an official visit to iraq were also killed .
al khater a prestigious family of the middle east based primarily in qatar, saudi arabia, and bahrain	al khater a family of the middle east based primarily in qatar, saudi arabia, and bahrain
"his catalog includes the international hit singles ""right round"", ""club can't handle me"", ""good feeling"", ""wild ones"", ""whistle"", ""i cry"", ""g.d.f.r."	"his catalog includes the international singles ""right round"", ""club can't handle me"", ""good feeling"", ""wild ones"", ""whistle"", ""i cry"", ""g.d.f.r."
mutually intelligible dialects include jiye of sudan, nyangatom of ethiopia, karimojong, jie and dodos of uganda and turkana of kenya.	mutually intelligible language varieties include jiye of sudan, nyangatom of ethiopia, karimojong, jie and dodos of uganda and turkana of kenya.
shaun has been married twice previously, and he is the proud stepfather of jessica wilson kruse, and father of caitlin, jake, and juliet cassidy.	shaun has been married twice previously, and he is the stepfather of jessica wilson kruse, and father of caitlin, jake, and juliet cassidy.
olly maw is also webmaster for the anti-corporate media lens website, and is an active protester against climate change and for human rights.	olly maw is also webmaster for the media lens website, and is an active protester against climate change and for human rights.
posing as ukrainian insurgents these special formations used violence against the civilian population of western ukraine.	posing as ukrainian nationalists, these special formations used violence against the civilian population of western ukraine.
cheri oteri - comedienne and former saturday night live cast member.	cheri oteri - comedian and former saturday night live cast member.
rachel leila douglas-home, 27th baroness dacre (ne brand, 24 october 1929 25 december 2012 ) was an english peeress , daughter of thomas brand, 4th viscount hampden & 26th baron dacre by his wife leila emily seely, a granddaughter of sir charles seely, 1st baronet, and a great-great granddaughter of john russell, 6th duke of bedford.	rachel leila douglas-home, 27th baroness dacre (ne brand, 24 october 1929 25 december 2012 ) was an english peer , daughter of thomas brand, 4th viscount hampden & 26th baron dacre by his wife leila emily seely, a granddaughter of sir charles seely, 1st baronet, and a great-great granddaughter of john russell, 6th duke of bedford.
services offered include: savings and checking accounts, mortgages, personal loans, debit cards, credit cards, and so forth.	services offered include: savings and transactional accounts, mortgages, personal loans, debit cards, credit cards, and so forth.
he seeks to remake the world to fit his mad social darwinist eugenic philosophy: only the fittest have the right to survive and he gets to define who is fittest.	he seeks to remake the world to fit his social darwinist eugenic philosophy: only the fittest have the right to survive and he gets to define who is fittest.
the cubs had also reached the 2003 national league championship series, and they also battled a full seven games; but as with the red sox, they lost their pennant race, and the 2003 world series was won by the florida marlins, who defeated the tired-looking new york yankees.	the cubs had also reached the 2003 national league championship series, and they also battled a full seven games; but as with the red sox, they lost their pennant race, and the 2003 world series was won by the florida marlins, who defeated the new york yankees.
he has tackled a wide variety of issues, such as stop murder music, and is a frequent contributor on such subjects in print and through broadcast media authoring many articles and six books.	he has worked on a wide variety of issues, such as stop murder music, and is a frequent contributor on such subjects in print and through broadcast media authoring many articles and six books.
"it was mr. chartock's political commentary that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."	"it was mr. chartock's political invective that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."
despite his clearly sociopathic nature, stewie does seem to have a softer side.	despite his allegedly sociopathic nature, stewie does seem to have a softer side.
she lives in tel aviv.	the couple lives in tel aviv.
at first, he played for sevilla atletico, the filial team of the famous andalusian club.	at first, he played for sevilla atletico, the filial team of the andalusian club.
mckinley hoped to persuade spain to free rebellious cuba without conflict, but when negotiation failed, led the nation in the spanish-american war of 1898; the u.s. victory was quick and decisive.	mckinley hoped to persuade spain to grant independence to rebellious cuba without conflict, but when negotiation failed, led the nation in the spanish-american war of 1898; the u.s. victory was quick and decisive.
in italy, she was specially known for her rational atheistic views and her continual criticism of the catholic church and of its hierarchy and institutions.	in italy, she was specially known for her atheistic views and her continual criticism of the catholic church and of its hierarchy and institutions.
"in a bizzare twist of fates the two managers met each other in a relgation battle wherby the mighty hammers lost 4-0 to their south east london rivals ""the addicks""."	"in a bizzare twist of fates the two managers met each other in a relgation battle wherby the hammers lost 4-0 to their south east london rivals ""the addicks""."
in response to the killing of the four americans, the u.s. military surrounded the city and attempted to capture the individuals responsible and any others in the region who may be involved in insurgency or resistance activities.	in response to the killing of the four americans, the u.s. military surrounded the city and attempted to capture the individuals responsible and any others in the region who may be involved in insurgency or terrorist activities.
friendly interactive calculator for ohm's law and other circuit parameters	interactive calculator for ohm's law and other circuit parameters
thumbnail|baby praying	thumbnail|baby with folded hands
he was detained twice without trial under the draconian national security act by the ruling dmk-congress regime, first for speaking in favor of the ltte and again for protesting the killing of a tamil fisherman by the sri lankan navy.	he was detained twice without trial under the national security act by the ruling dmk-congress regime, first for speaking in favor of the ltte and again for protesting the killing of a tamil fisherman by the sri lankan navy.
from grades 7 to 12, he studied drama at the renowned school for the creative and performing arts in cincinnati, ohio.	from grades 7 to 12, he studied drama at the school for the creative and performing arts in cincinnati, ohio .
links with animal rights groups	partnership with animal rights groups
unfortunately , they lost to england and then were convincingly beaten by the irish exiles, leaving them in 8th position.	however , they lost to england and then were convincingly beaten by the irish exiles, leaving them in 8th position.
deborah perry piscione is a silicon valley-based entrepreneur, bestselling author, media commentator and public speaker.	deborah perry piscione is a silicon valley-based entrepreneur, author, media commentator and public speaker.
computer gaming world in 1983 gave ultima ii a glowing review, noting its vast improvements over the original, particularly in the amount of detail.	computer gaming world in 1983 gave ultima ii a positive review, noting its vast improvements over the original, particularly in the amount of detail.
a , us$30 million education center is in development in order to double the number of students and teachers the aquarium is able to serve , and is expected to open in 2018.	a , us$30 million education center is in development in order to double the number of students and teachers the aquarium is able to work with each year , and is expected to open in 2018.
it also hosts the prestigious annual national book awards.	it also hosts the annual national book awards.
in 1996 he received the prestigious ernst von siemens music prize.	in 1996 he received the ernst von siemens music prize.
the new skyboxes are remarkable .	the new skyboxes are quite noticeable .
"sen had by then come under the influence of the mystic sage ramakrishna and later founded a syncretic ""new dispensation"" or nabobidhan cult inspired by christianity and combining vaishnav bhakti with absolute obedience to his adesh (or dictate from god)."	"sen had by then come under the influence of the mystic sage ramakrishna and later founded a syncretic ""new dispensation"" or nabobidhan inspired by christianity and combining vaishnav bhakti with absolute obedience to his adesh (or dictate from god)."
many feel that this is in direct contradiction to the bsa's declarations of religious principles, which asserts that the bsa does not involve itself in religious matters.	some feel that this is in direct contradiction to the bsa's declarations of religious principles, which asserts that the bsa does not involve itself in religious matters.
investigators believe that four people were involved in the bombing: brothers karl armstrong and dwight armstrong, and accomplices david fine and leo burt.	investigators believe that four people were involved in the bombing: brothers karleton armstrong and dwight armstrong, and accomplices david fine and leo burt.
kristen wiig (1991), actress and comedienne , cast member of saturday night live, 20052012.	kristen wiig (1991), actress and comedian , cast member of saturday night live, 20052012.
a 3-2 to 0-6 defeat of four-in-a-row hopefuls st. finbarr's gave moylan a coveted championship medal.	a 3-2 to 0-6 defeat of four-in-a-row hopefuls st. finbarr's gave moylan a cork senior hurling championship medal.
submarine veterans of world war ii who viewed the film remarked on the accuracy of these scenes, and the scenes now provide modern-day audiences with a fascinating view of what life was like aboard world war ii submarines.	submarine veterans of world war ii who viewed the film remarked on the accuracy of these scenes, and the scenes now provide modern-day audiences with a view of what life was like aboard world war ii submarines.
like most companies, starbucks aggressively defends its trademarks.	like most companies, starbucks defends its trademarks.
in january 2010, 36-year old svio returned to brazil, signing with modest ava futebol clube.	in january 2010, 36-year old svio returned to brazil, signing with ava futebol clube.
also, the brutal swordfight between the doctor and the sycorax leader is reminiscent of the duel between darth vader and luke skywalker on cloud city in star wars episode v: the empire strikes back.	also, the swordfight between the doctor and the sycorax leader is reminiscent of the duel between darth vader and luke skywalker on cloud city in star wars episode v: the empire strikes back.
its unusual psychological effects, which include illusions of colored patterns behind the eyes, a sense of time distorting, crawling geometric patterns, and the loss of the user's sense of identity has made it one of the most widely known psychedelic drugs.	its unusual psychological effects, which include visuals of colored patterns behind the eyes, a sense of time distorting, crawling geometric patterns, and the loss of the user's sense of identity has made it one of the most widely known psychedelic drugs.
wikipediocracy contributors have investigated problems, conflicts, and controversies associated with wikipedia, some being reported by mainstream media.	wikipediocracy contributors have explored problems, conflicts, and controversies associated with wikipedia, some being reported by mainstream media.
he was now at variance with the parliamentary party on two great subjects of policy, disapproving both of the intention of parliament to seize the powers of the executive and also its inclination towards puritanism.	he was now at variance with the parliamentary party on two great subjects of policy, disapproving both of the intention of parliament to take the powers of the executive and also its inclination towards puritanism.
the most infamous incident took place during a 1986 strike at gainers foods in edmonton where striking workers attacked police who were attempting to protect buses carrying scabs .	the most infamous incident took place during a 1986 strike at gainers foods in edmonton where striking workers attacked police who were attempting to protect buses carrying replacement workers to the now-closed edmonton plant .
dr. john j. shea, jr. world-renowned ear surgeon	dr. john j. shea, jr. ear surgeon
creationist cosmologies are pseudoscientific arguments by various creationists that the universe is a few thousands of years old, and as such, run contrary to the big bang theory, which states that the universe is billions of years old.	creationist cosmologies are arguments by various creationists that the universe is a few thousands of years old, and as such, run contrary to the big bang theory, which states that the universe is billions of years old.
weird tales was more lastingly revived in 1988 under license by publisher/editors george h. scithers, john gregory betancourt and darrell schweitzer, beginning with issue 290. the revived magazine saw initial success, publishing notable contemporary writers such as tanith lee, brian lumley and thomas ligotti alongside artists including george barr, jason van hollander, and allen koszowski.	weird tales was more lastingly revived in 1988 under license by publisher/editors george h. scithers, john gregory betancourt and darrell schweitzer, beginning with issue 290. the revived magazine saw initial success, publishing contemporary writers such as tanith lee, brian lumley and thomas ligotti alongside artists including george barr, jason van hollander, and allen koszowski.
the debut single for their second album the stranger is adapted from a poem by rudyard kipling who mistakenly supported the concept of white supremacy in many of his writings, most notably in the white man's burden.	the debut single for their second album the stranger is adapted from a poem by rudyard kipling who ostensibly supported the concept of white supremacy in many of his writings, most notably in the white man's burden.
conspiracy theorists in the arab world have advanced false rumors that the us is secretly behind the existence and emboldening of isis, as part of an attempt to further destabilize the middle east.	conspiracy theorists in the arab world have advanced rumors that the us is secretly behind the existence and emboldening of isis, as part of an attempt to further destabilize the middle east.
"it ruled a broad swath of the galaxy, and lasted for ""eighty trillion years"" , much longer than the universe's scientifically -determined age of 13.7 billion years."	"it ruled a broad swath of the galaxy, and lasted for ""eighty trillion years"" , much longer than the universe's empirically -determined age of 13.7 billion years."
it is the belated sequel to the 2001 film zoolander and stars stiller, owen wilson, will ferrell, penlope cruz, kristen wiig and fred armisen and featuring cameo appearances by justin bieber,demi lovato,ariana grande and usher.	it is the sequel to the 2001 film zoolander and stars stiller, owen wilson, will ferrell, penlope cruz, kristen wiig and fred armisen and featuring cameo appearances by justin bieber,demi lovato,ariana grande and usher.
gordon appeared in vaudeville productions as a comedienne and a singer.	gordon appeared in vaudeville productions as a comedian and a singer.
the beloit janesville symphony performs 15 outstanding concerts each year in beloit, and janesville, wisconsin, including a free patriotic pops concert performed in beloit and janesville each july, 4th, symphonic concerts, a pops concert, and 3 student performances.	the beloit janesville symphony performs 15 concerts each year in beloit, and janesville, wisconsin, including a free patriotic pops concert performed in beloit and janesville each july, 4th, symphonic concerts, a pops concert, and 3 student performances.
several had been martyred there in the persecution of diocletian, and the brief pagan revival under julian had been the signal to burn the christian basilica and put various christians to death.	several had been killed there in the persecution of diocletian, and the brief pagan revival under julian had been the signal to burn the christian basilica and put various christians to death.
spratly islands in the south china sea, and the largest of the vietnamese- occupied/claimed spratly islands.	spratly islands in the south china sea, and the largest of the vietnamese- administered spratly islands.
fields regarded as pseudoscience	fields sometimes characterized as pseudoscience
the clipper card site explains that this delay is due to the need for the pass or cash value to be batched up and distributed to the various card readers, allowing the credit to be applied to the card the next time you use it.	the clipper card site says that this delay is due to the need for the pass or cash value to be batched up and distributed to the various card readers, allowing the credit to be applied to the card the next time you use it.
the uprising was started as decided in 1901 by the internal macedonian revolutionary organization (imro).	the uprising was started as decided in 1903 in thessaloniki by the internal macedonian revolutionary organization (imro).
the term aryan is often used to refer to the indo-iranian languages.	the term aryan is sometimes used to refer to the indo-iranian languages.
ryan patrick halligan (december 18, 1989 october 7, 2003) was an american schoolboy from essex junction, vermont, who committed suicide at the age of 13 after being bullied from his classmates in real life and cyber-bullying online.	ryan patrick halligan (december 18, 1989 october 7, 2003) was an american student from essex junction, vermont, who committed suicide at the age of 13 after being bullied from his classmates in real life and cyber-bullying online.
in recent decades, gambros range of products and therapies has grown - through the introduction of new innovative products, as well as several acquisitions, such as hospal in 1987, cobe in 1990 and the latest addition of chf solutions inc. in 2010. chf solutions designs and manufactures therapies and products for treating fluid overload by means of ultrafiltration.	in recent decades, gambros range of products and therapies has grown - through the introduction of new products, as well as several acquisitions, such as hospal in 1987, cobe in 1990 and the latest addition of chf solutions inc. in 2010. chf solutions designs and manufactures therapies and products for treating fluid overload by means of ultrafiltration.
it was established on 15 january 2011 for groups of disgruntled former anglicans in england and wales in accordance with the apostolic constitution anglicanorum coetibus of pope benedict xvi.	it was established on 15 january 2011 for groups of former anglicans in england and wales in accordance with the apostolic constitution anglicanorum coetibus of pope benedict xvi.
seamus heaney (born april 13 1939) is an irish poet, writer and lecturer from county derry , northern ireland.	seamus heaney (born april 13 1939) is an irish poet, writer and lecturer from county londonderry , northern ireland.
"aging scientist and surgeon bud chantillas (terence stamp) is philosophical, having understood long ago that ""science could not answer any of the really interesting questions."""	"aging scientist and surgeon bud chantillas (terence stamp) is philosophical, having come to believe long ago that ""science could not answer any of the really interesting questions."""
music off the album has also featured in popular reality tv shows made in chelsea and the only way is essex.	music off the album has also featured in reality tv shows made in chelsea and the only way is essex.
she is infamously known for providing the voice of ash in the pokmon anime metaseries	she is known for providing the voice of ash in the pokmon anime metaseries
soon, plath's marriage to hughes met with many difficulties (particularly his passionate affair with assia wevill), and they separated .	soon, plath's marriage to hughes met with many difficulties (particularly his affair with assia wevill), and they separated .
the campus also features a first-rate library, physical education facilities and milton hall, the main campus classroom building.	the campus also features a library, physical education facilities and milton hall, the main campus classroom building.
the pale of calais (french: pale de calaisis), is a historical region in modern-day france that was controlled by the monarchs of england following the battle of crcy in 1346. this was famously commemorated by auguste rodin's 1889 sculpture the burghers of calais.	the pale of calais (french: pale de calaisis), is a historical region in modern-day france that was controlled by the monarchs of england following the battle of crcy in 1346. this was commemorated by auguste rodin's 1889 sculpture the burghers of calais.
in 2005 behzti won the prestigious susan smith blackburn prize for the best play written by a woman in the english language.	in 2005 behzti won the susan smith blackburn prize for the best play written by a woman in the english language.
the incident sparked a four-year period of anti-communist hysteria which came to be known as mccarthyism.	the incident sparked a four-year period of anti-communist activities which came to be known as mccarthyism.
"on 12 july israel called the captures an ""act of war"" warranting a ""severe and harsh response"" and threatened to ""turn lebanon's clock back 20 years."""	"on 12 july israeli military officials seperately called the captures an ""act of war"" warranting a ""severe and harsh response"" and threatened to ""turn lebanon's clock back 20 years."""
"petar pop-arsov (1868, bogomila, present day republic of macedonia - 1941, sofia, bulgaria) was a bulgarian revolutionary, one of the founders of ""the committee for obtaining the political rights given to macedonia by the congress of berlin"" from which, as petar pop arsov says in his writings, later developed the imro known prior to 1902 as bulgarian macedonian-adrianople revolutionary committees (bmarc) ."	"petar pop-arsov (1868, bogomila, present day republic of macedonia - 1941, sofia, bulgaria) was a revolutionary, one of the founders of ""the committee for obtaining the political rights given to macedonia by the congress of berlin"" from which, as petar pop arsov says in his writings, later developed the imro known prior to 1902 as bulgarian macedonian-adrianople revolutionary committees (bmarc) ."
it has reassured russia that it will not raise claims for formerly finnish territory ceded after the continuation war (though a small but noisy minority of the people disagrees), and continues to reaffirm the importance of good bilateral relations.	it has reassured russia that it will not raise claims for formerly finnish territory ceded after the continuation war (though a small but vocal minority of the people disagrees), and continues to reaffirm the importance of good bilateral relations.
on september 9, 2009, a video was released containing hidden-camera footage of two part-time acorn employees appearing to help two conservative activists posing as a prostitute and a male pimp.	on september 9, 2009, a video was released containing hidden-camera footage of two part-time acorn employees appearing to help two activists posing as a prostitute and a male pimp.
henry t. laurency, alice bailey and madame blavatsky, whom they followed , all produced voluminous elaborations of hylozoic philosophy.	henry t. laurency, alice bailey and madame blavatsky, whom they seem to have been inspired by , all produced voluminous elaborations of hylozoic philosophy.
a $7 million judgment for victims of the mayor giuliani's and the tlc's so-called operation refusal policy	a $7 million judgment for victims of the mayor giuliani's and the tlc's operation refusal policy
in contrast to the stiff do-gooder archetypes of established superheroes at the time, this ushered a revolution.	in contrast to the super heroic do-gooder archetypes of established superheroes at the time, this ushered a revolution.
in non-japanese cultures any dish made with a teriyaki-like sauce (often not made using sake, but other brands of non-japanese wine), or with added ingredients such as sesame or garlic (uncommon in traditional japanese cuisine), is misrepresented as teriyaki.	in non-japanese cultures any dish made with a teriyaki-like sauce (often not made using sake, but other brands of non-japanese wine), or with added ingredients such as sesame or garlic (uncommon in traditional japanese cuisine), is described as teriyaki.
hebrew, once largely a liturgical language, was reestablished as a means of everyday communication by jews returning to what is now the state of israel and the palestinian territories, starting in the nineteenth century: it is the world's most famous and successful example of language revitalization.	hebrew, once largely a liturgical language, was reestablished as a means of everyday communication by jews migrating to what is now the state of israel and the palestinian territories, starting in the nineteenth century: it is the world's most famous and successful example of language revitalization.
leave no trace provides a framework for responsible outdoor recreation decicion making, which is summarized in the following 7 principles:	leave no trace provides a framework for outdoor recreation decicion making, which is summarized in the following 7 principles:
certain that the cold war will lead to mankind 's destruction, a cabal of scientists decide that they must act to save the world.	certain that the cold war will lead to humanity 's destruction, a cabal of scientists decide that they must act to save the world.
"the penguin classics edition of the novel dryly notes that ""not all readers have regarded this experiment as a success."""	"the penguin classics edition of the novel notes that ""not all readers have regarded this experiment as a success."""
demonstration against same-sex marriage in paris on 13 january 2013 by the homophobic group manif pour tous.	demonstration against same-sex marriage in paris on 13 january 2013 by the anti-gay marriage group manif pour tous.
during the great cretan revolt, greek blockade runners supplied the christians revolting against the turkish oppression during this time.	during the great cretan revolt, greek blockade runners supplied the christians revolting against the turkish rule during this time.
neutralism describes the relationship between two species that interact but do not affect each other .	neutralism describes the relationship between two species that interact but do not affect each everybody .
the sport has produced a number of well-known practitioners, made famous by remarkable photos of a climber totally alone and unprotected on sheer cliffs.	the sport has produced a number of well-known practitioners, made famous by photos of a climber totally alone and unprotected on sheer cliffs.
the beautiful shannon river is closely bound up with ireland's social, cultural, military, economic and political history.	the shannon river is closely bound up with ireland's social, cultural, military, economic and political history.
on november 2, 2010, flores trounced edwards with 62 percent of the vote.	on november 2, 2010, flores defeated edwards with 62 percent of the vote.
"during the slow recovery from this catastrophe , estimated to have taken 30 million years, a previously obscure sauropsid group became the most abundant and diverse terrestrial vertebrates: a few fossils of archosauriformes (""ruling lizard forms"") have been found in late permian rocks, but, by the middle triassic, archosaurs were the dominant land vertebrates."	"during the slow recovery from this drastic event , estimated to have taken 30 million years, a previously obscure sauropsid group became the most abundant and diverse terrestrial vertebrates: a few fossils of archosauriformes (""ruling lizard forms"") have been found in late permian rocks, but, by the middle triassic, archosaurs were the dominant land vertebrates."
joseph appears only in stories of jesus' childhood.	joseph appears only in descriptions of jesus' childhood.
the altezza is mostly popular amongst tuners not only because of its possible engine swap for the previous generation toyota supra's 2jz-gte motor, but as it is viewed as the successor to the renowned ae86.	the altezza is mostly popular amongst tuners not only because of its possible engine swap for the previous generation toyota supra's 2jz-gte motor, but as it is viewed as the successor to the ae86.
"much of the program features sharp criticism of prominent republicans and rightward leaning figures, including those working for or supporting the george w. bush administration, 2008 republican presidential nominee senator john mccain, and rival news commentator bill o'reilly, whom olbermann routinely dubs the ""worst person in the world."""	"much of the program features criticism of prominent republicans and rightward leaning figures, including those working for or supporting the george w. bush administration, 2008 republican presidential nominee senator john mccain, and rival news commentator bill o'reilly, whom olbermann routinely dubs the ""worst person in the world."""
the statues of lions formerly adorning the porch are all that remains from this fabulous neoclassical ensemble: these were transported and mounted for display in the novgorod kremlin.	the statues of lions formerly adorning the porch are all that remains from this neoclassical ensemble: these were transported and mounted for display in the novgorod kremlin.
the censorship of content on the internet that is potentially illegal under this law by british internet service providers is however self-regulatory, coordinated by the non-profit charity internet watch foundation (who has partnerships with many major isp's in the country).	the prohibition of content on the internet that is potentially illegal under this law by british internet service providers is however self-regulatory, coordinated by the non-profit charity internet watch foundation (who has partnerships with many major isp's in the country).
clapton is credited as an innovator in several phases of his career, which have included blues-rock (with john mayall's bluesbreakers and the yardbirds), hard rock (with cream), and work as a sideman and as a great solo artist.	clapton is credited as an innovator in several phases of his career, which have included blues-rock (with john mayall's bluesbreakers and the yardbirds), hard rock (with cream), and work as a sideman and as a solo artist.
blood libels against jews are false accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.	blood libels against jews are accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.
"the pseudepigraphal book of jubilees states that ur kadim was founded in 1687 anno mundi by ""'ur, son of keed"", presumably the offspring of arphaxad, adding that wars began on earth that same year."	"the book of jubilees states that ur kadim was founded in 1687 anno mundi by ""'ur, son of keed"", presumably the offspring of arphaxad, adding that wars began on earth that same year."
for serious studies of the theology of osama bin laden and its intersections with palingenetic millenarianism, see:	for studies of the theology of osama bin laden and its intersections with palingenetic millenarianism, see:
it is possibly based on several plays by molire, with added features that 1670s london audiences demanded: colloquial prose dialogue in place of molire's verse, a complicated, fast-paced plot tangle, and many sex jokes.	it is based on several plays by molire, with added features that 1670s london audiences demanded: colloquial prose dialogue in place of molire's verse, a complicated, fast-paced plot tangle, and many sex jokes.
ram janmabhoomi refers to a tract of land in the holy city of ayodhya which is claimed by hindus as the birthplace of rama.	ram janmabhoomi refers to a tract of land in the north indian city of ayodhya which is claimed by hindus as the birthplace of rama.
nevertheless, reaching the tongan islands (without western navigational tools and techniques) was a remarkable feat accomplished by the lapita peoples.	nevertheless, reaching the tongan islands (without modern navigational tools and techniques) was a remarkable feat accomplished by the lapita peoples.
kept is a reality television series that centered on jerry hall ( supermodel and ex wife to mick jagger) searching for a kept man.	kept is a reality television series that centered on jerry hall (model and ex wife to mick jagger) searching for a kept man.
howard's rebounding can be attributed to his supreme athleticism and his tenacity around the rim.	howard's rebounding can be attributed to his athleticism and his tenacity around the rim.
manitonquat states in his biographical notes and publicity materials that he is a spiritual elder of the assonet band .	manitonquat states in his biographical notes and publicity materials that he is a spiritual elder of the band .
unfortunately , she lost the first preliminary round match to venezuela's alejandra benitez, with a final score of 915.	however , she lost the first preliminary round match to venezuela's alejandra benitez, with a final score of 915.
in 1982, the first single-handed round-the-world race since the disastrous golden globe, the boc challenge, was inaugurated.	in 1982, the first single-handed round-the-world race since the golden globe, the boc challenge, was inaugurated.
"modern creationism is characterized by movements such as creation science and neocreationism , which argue that the idea of life being directly ""designed"" by a god or intelligence is at least as scientific as evolutionary theory, and should therefore be taught in public schools."	"modern creationism is characterized by movements such as creation science and intelligent design , which argue that the idea of life being directly ""designed"" by a god or intelligence is at least as scientific as evolutionary theory, and should therefore be taught in public schools."
king's is currently housed on a beautiful single campus for pre-kindergarten to 12th grade students at 5 carnegie plaza, cherry hill, new jersey.	king's is currently housed on a single campus for pre-kindergarten to 12th grade students at 5 carnegie plaza, cherry hill, new jersey.
"as an online encyclopedia which almost anyone can edit, wikipedia has long had problems with vandalism of articles, which range from ""blanking"" articles to inserting profanities, hoaxes, or nonsense."	"as an online encyclopedia which almost anyone can edit, wikipedia has had problems with vandalism of articles, which range from ""blanking"" articles to inserting profanities, hoaxes, or nonsense."
incumbent republican governor scott walker faced a massive recall effort beginning in november of 2011.	incumbent republican governor scott walker faced a recall effort beginning in november of 2011.
he also learned the holy quran.	he also learned the quran.
"sue dibny's rape is mere sensationalism and unnecessary to the plot and contributes the comic book stereotype of women as victims in comics, the so-called ""girlfriend-in-refrigerator syndrome""."	"sue dibny's rape has been criticised as mere sensationalism and unnecessary to the plot and contributes the comic book stereotype of women as victims in comics, the so-called ""girlfriend-in-refrigerator syndrome""."
ankola is a small picturesque town surrounded by temples, schools, paddy fields and mango groves.	ankola is a small town surrounded by temples, schools, paddy fields and mango groves.
to undermine the republic's credibility, the right wing (especially the military) falsely accused it of being responsible for germany's defeat in world war i; see dolchstolegende.	to undermine the republic's credibility, the right wing (especially the military) accused it of being responsible for germany's defeat in world war i; see dolchstolegende.
the chevron 136,000-dwt suezmax oil tanker originally named condoleezza rice (1993) was unceremoniously renamed altair voyager (2001).	the chevron 136,000-dwt suezmax oil tanker originally named condoleezza rice (1993) was renamed altair voyager (2001).
detainees were later moved to an indoor detention center until late 2009, when newly constructed ultra-modern facilities were opened.	detainees were later moved to an indoor detention center until late 2009, when newly constructed facilities were opened.
the allegations made by digvijaya singh was slammed as 'misleading' by kavita karkare, wife of hemant karkare.	the allegations made by digvijaya singh was described as 'misleading' by kavita karkare, wife of hemant karkare.
the city has good beaches and mountain resorts, and is close to diving spots and the highest peak in the philippines, mount apo.	the city has beaches and mountain resorts, and is close to diving spots and the highest peak in the philippines, mount apo.
in the 1910/11 season although the team sadly lost billy gillespie to leeds city, they managed to reach the semi-final of the irish junior cup, in which they were defeated by broadway united (at the brandywell) by two goals to one.	in the 1910/11 season although the team lost billy gillespie to leeds city, they managed to reach the semi-final of the irish junior cup, in which they were defeated by broadway united (at the brandywell) by two goals to one.
due to her selfless humanitarian and peace contributions, there are various awards in her honor, such as:	due to her humanitarian and peace contributions, there are various awards in her honor, such as:
niko kova (born october 15, 1971 in west berlin, germany) is a german-born croatian football midfielder currently playing for red bull salzburg and the croatia national team, where he is the long time standing captain of the squad.	niko kova (born october 15, 1971 in west berlin, germany) is a croatian football midfielder currently playing for red bull salzburg and the croatia national team, where he is the long time standing captain of the squad.
besides violating basic egyptological, afro-asiatic, and indo-european scholarship, this contradicts the standard view that the inscriptions relate to to the attested guanche language, which is believed to be a berber language and not at all related to basque or iberian.	besides contradicting basic egyptological, afro-asiatic, and indo-european scholarship, this contradicts the standard view that the inscriptions relate to to the attested guanche language, which is believed to be a berber language and not at all related to basque or iberian.
certain bigoted american interest groups protested the intensive media coverage received by the shepard case in light of september 1999 murder of a 13 year old boy, jesse dirkhising.	certain american interest groups protested the intensive media coverage received by the shepard case in light of september 1999 murder of a 13 year old boy, jesse dirkhising.
some terms used throughout the world for illegal aliens are	some terms used throughout the world for illegal immigration are
wisconsin republicans have still not released any concrete numbers for their recall efforts.	wisconsin republicans have not released any concrete numbers for their recall efforts.
the regulatory agencies and aviation industry understandably take the position that any increased risk is unacceptable if it is avoidable.	the regulatory agencies and aviation industry take the position that any increased risk is unacceptable if it is avoidable.
homosexual agenda (or gay agenda) is a term introduced by some conservative christians in the united states, often used disparagingly to describe the advocacy of cultural acceptance and normalization of non-heterosexual orientations and relationships.	homosexual agenda (or gay agenda) is a term introduced by some conservative christians in the united states, often used to describe the advocacy of cultural acceptance and normalization of non-heterosexual orientations and relationships.
"this extreme desire to associate herself with the upper classes even prompts hyacinth to rent a tiny, cramped apartment in a tudor mansion, allowing her to comically boast about being ""the owner"" of a country estate."	"this extreme desire to associate herself with the upper classes even prompts hyacinth to rent a tiny, cramped apartment in a tudor mansion, allowing her to boast about being ""the owner"" of a country estate."
"this label is only strengthened by a look around ""the pond"" (a large stagnant street pond fronted by bars and nightclubs) at closing time where you will generally see large crowds of people heading home after a amazing night out."	"this label is only strengthened by a look around ""the pond"" (a large stagnant street pond fronted by bars and nightclubs) at closing time where you will generally see large crowds of people heading home after a night out."
our lady peace, colloquially olp, is a dangerous canadian alternative rock band consisting of raine maida (vocals), duncan coutts (bass), jeremy taggart (drums), and steve mazur (guitar).	our lady peace, colloquially olp, is a canadian alternative rock band consisting of raine maida (vocals), duncan coutts (bass), jeremy taggart (drums), and steve mazur (guitar).
sir arthur ignatius conan doyle, dl (22 may 1859 7 july 1930) was a scottish author most noted for his stories about the detective sherlock holmes, which are generally considered a major innovation in the field of crime fiction, and for the adventures of professor challenger.	sir arthur ignatius conan doyle, dl (22 may 1859 7 july 1930) was a british author most noted for his stories about the detective sherlock holmes, which are generally considered a major innovation in the field of crime fiction, and for the adventures of professor challenger.
nine pro-beijing legislators, including five liberal party members, stayed behind out of confusion, and only eight of them voted in favour of the package, giving the rest of the world the false impression there was no support for the blueprint.	nine pro-beijing legislators, including five liberal party members, stayed behind out of confusion, and only eight of them voted in favour of the package, giving the rest of the world the impression there was no support for the blueprint.
"st patrick's street is affectionately known to some locals as ""pana""."	"st patrick's street is colloquially known to some locals as ""pana""."
president of turkmenistan is the head of state and of the executive power, is the highest official of turkmenistan, and acts as a guarantor of national independence, territorial integrity, and adherence to the constitution and international agreements.	president of turkmenistan is the head of state and of the executive power, is the highest official of turkmenistan, and has the constitutional charter to act as a guarantor of national independence, territorial integrity, and adherence to the constitution and international agreements.
they consider themselves a guerrilla organization while they are actually listed as a terrorist organization by both the european union and the united states on their respective watchlists.	they consider themselves a guerrilla organization while they are listed as a terrorist organization by both the european union and the united states on their respective watchlists.
los angeles is the capital of entertainment.	los angeles calls itself the capital of entertainment.
famous collections of andenes	notable collections of andenes
these two experiments illustrate vital points: first, from research it is known that, in general, photochemical reactions are not affected by temperature.	these two experiments illustrate several important points: first, from research it is known that, in general, photochemical reactions are not affected by temperature.
"he was the ""third man"" of the golden age of italian cycling, at the time of the great rivalry between fausto coppi and gino bartali."	"he was the ""third man"" of the golden age of italian cycling, at the time of the rivalry between fausto coppi and gino bartali."
research conducted at ncnm has been called a waste of limited research funds, as taxpayer dollars granted by the national center for complementary and integrative health (nccih) are used to support research on treatments that have little to no promise of producing positive results, like homeopathy, magnetism, and moxibustion.	research conducted at ncnm has been called a misuse of limited research funds, as taxpayer dollars granted by the national center for complementary and integrative health (nccih) are used to support research on treatments that have little to no promise of producing positive results, like homeopathy, magnetism, and moxibustion.
1878 commencement of the genocidal conquest of the desert against indigenous inhabitants of the south led by julio argentino roca; final surrender by 1884	1878 commencement of the conquest of the desert against indigenous inhabitants of the south led by julio argentino roca; final surrender by 1884
their pristine beliefs have survived in folk poetry and in some customs related to births, marriage, death, seamanship, the new year, and harvest rituals.	their beliefs have survived in folk poetry and in some customs related to births, marriage, death, seamanship, the new year, and harvest rituals.
griffin studied at nursing college with comedienne jo brand and worked as a psychiatric nurse until 1986, when she became an actress.	griffin studied at nursing college with comedian jo brand and worked as a psychiatric nurse until 1986, when she became an actress.
the royal canadian legion recommends that we observe 2 minutes of silence.	the royal canadian legion recommends that canadians observe 2 minutes of silence.
they are an effective fishing vessel because, when powered by a skilled man , they hardly disturb the water or the fish, and they can be easily manoeuvred with one arm, while the other arm tends to the net; two coracles to a net.	they are an effective fishing vessel because, when powered by a skilled person , they hardly disturb the water or the fish, and they can be easily manoeuvred with one arm, while the other arm tends to the net; two coracles to a net.
working primarily as a digital painter, he is well known for detailed and realistic painted characters, paintings of overly-sexualized female characters, and expressive lighting effects.	working primarily as a digital painter, he is well known for detailed and realistic painted characters, paintings of beautiful female characters, and expressive lighting effects.
on the talkorigins.org web site, reed a. cartwright and dr douglas l. theobald have commented on sarfati's views on vestigial organs, noting that his doctorate was in physical chemistry, not biology and claiming that his understanding of vestigial organs is lacking.	on the talkorigins.org web site, reed a. cartwright and dr douglas l. theobald have commented on sarfati's views on vestigial organs, noting that his doctorate was in physical chemistry, not biology and that his understanding of vestigial organs is lacking.
may 19 - lily cole, iconic english supermodel	may 19 - lily cole, english supermodel
inhunt.com/emoticons emoticons center emoticons for all	net emoticons center emoticons for all
in the desperate final days of world war ii, some japanese pilots volunteered for kamikaze missions in an attempt to forestall defeat for the empire.	in the final days of world war ii, some japanese pilots volunteered for kamikaze missions in an attempt to forestall defeat for the empire.
"in 1977 alone, his personal physician dr. george constantine nichopoulos (usually referred to as ""dr nick"") had prescribed 10,000 hits of amphetamines, barbiturates, narcotics, tranquilizers, sleeping pills, laxatives, and hormones."	"in 1977 alone, his personal physician dr. george constantine nichopoulos (usually referred to as ""dr nick"") had prescribed 10,000 doses of amphetamines, barbiturates, narcotics, tranquilizers, sleeping pills, laxatives, and hormones."
origin of life questions and answers (articles critical of chemical evolution from a scientific angle, answers in genesis)	origin of life questions and answers (articles critical of chemical evolution from an allegedly scientific angle, answers in genesis)
in the mid-1980s, alex langsam, owner of the britannia hotel group, acquired the magnificent grade ii listed london road fire station in manchester.	in the mid-1980s, alex langsam, owner of the britannia hotel group, acquired the grade ii listed london road fire station in manchester.
sally's old-fashioned step-grandmother pauline is babysitting sally while betty and henry are out of town.	sally's step-grandmother pauline is babysitting sally while betty and henry are out of town.
david j. sirota, a popular left-wing american blogger, is the co-chair of the progressive legislative action network.	david j. sirota, a well-known left-wing american blogger, is the co-chair of the progressive legislative action network.
claiming to be the caribbean's only all-jet fleet, the airline did not survive for long after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks.	claiming to be the caribbean's only all-jet fleet, the airline did not survive for long after the september 11, 2001 attacks.
the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on targets within the united states of america carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with osama bin laden and al-qaeda, a loose network of sunni islamist terrorists , simultaneously hijacked four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated suicide attacks on targets within the united states of america carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with osama bin laden and al-qaeda, a loose network of sunni islamist militants , simultaneously hijacked four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.
a replacement london victoria to bellingham service was mooted by previous mayor ken livingstone, but funds for this were raided by current mayor boris johnson and tfl to pay for the east london line extension to clapham junction.	a replacement london victoria to bellingham service was mooted by previous mayor ken livingstone, but funds for this were transferred by current mayor boris johnson and tfl to pay for the east london line extension to clapham junction.
the declared purpose of the operation was to flush out khalistan sepratists who were using it as a base of operations.	the purpose of the operation was to flush out khalistan sepratists who were using it as a base of operations.
with the war successfully concluded, thatcher was returned to power with an increased parliamentary majority and felt empowered to press ahead with the painful economic readjustments of thatcherism.	with the war successfully concluded, thatcher was returned to power with an increased parliamentary majority and felt empowered to press ahead with the economic readjustments of thatcherism.
in jungian psychology individuation is a process of psychological differentiation, having for its goal the development of the individual personality.	jungians claim that jungian psychology individuation is a process of psychological differentiation, having for its goal the development of the individual personality.
although there is a large supply of slide rules circulating on the market, specimens in good condition tend to be surprisingly expensive.	although there is a large supply of slide rules circulating on the market, specimens in good condition tend to be expensive.
in february 2013, red fang traveled to australia to play the australian soundwave festival and also performed sideshows with legendary stoner rock bands kyuss lives and orange goblin.	in february 2013, red fang traveled to australia to play the australian soundwave festival and also performed sideshows with stoner rock bands kyuss lives and orange goblin.
sadly he announced his retirement in april 2005, due to a recurring back injury.	he announced his retirement in april 2005, due to a recurring back injury.
after the passage of the statute of westminster in 1931, the monarchy thus ceased to be an exclusively british institution.	after the passage of the statute of westminster in 1931, the monarchy ceased to be an exclusively british institution.
her fine interior was completely gutted, and room made inside to store up to 14 aircraft.	her interior was completely gutted, and room made inside to store up to 14 aircraft.
house mountain is known for its huge sandstone boulders, its wide variety of bird and plant life, and for the spectacular views from its two peaks.	house mountain is known for its huge sandstone boulders, its wide variety of bird and plant life, and for the views from its two peaks.
there is an over abundance of poetry in one thousand and one nights.	there is an abundance of poetry in one thousand and one nights.
many foreigners have difficulties mastering the tones of each character, but correct tonal pronunciation is essential for intelligibility because of the vast number of words in the language that only differ by tone (i.e.	many non-native chinese speakers have difficulties mastering the tones of each character, but correct tonal pronunciation is essential for intelligibility because of the vast number of words in the language that only differ by tone (i.e.
the abundant life centre, (formerly called the abundant life church) is the home of an evangelical christian sect.	the abundant life centre, (formerly called the abundant life church) is the home of a charismatic, evangelical christian sect.
it is a non-canonical sequel to the original final fight developed by the american team of capcom production studio 8 (the developers of final fight revenge and the maximo series).	it is a sequel to the original final fight developed by the american team of capcom production studio 8 (the developers of final fight revenge and the maximo series).
file:berdadzor.jpg|a monument in berdadzor, nagorno-karabakh republic , to armenian victims of the 19051906 armenian-tatar massacres.</gallery>	file:berdadzor.jpg|a monument in berdadzor, nagorno-karabakh, to armenian victims of the 19051906 armenian-tatar massacres.</gallery>
ironically it chose to merge with the anc on 9 april 2005. other major political parties represented in parliament are the inkatha freedom party, which mainly represents zulu voters, and the independent democrats, who took 6.97% and 1.7% of the vote respectively in the 2004 election.	it chose to merge with the anc on 9 april 2005. other major political parties represented in parliament are the inkatha freedom party, which mainly represents zulu voters, and the independent democrats, who took 6.97% and 1.7% of the vote respectively in the 2004 election.
"in christine haughney's article for the new york times, npr spokeswoman anna bross is quoted as saying ""until bradley mannings desire to have his gender changed actually physically happens, we will be using male-related pronouns to identify him."""	"in christine haughney's article for the new york times, npr spokesperson anna bross is quoted as saying ""until bradley mannings desire to have his gender changed actually physically happens, we will be using male-related pronouns to identify him."""
numerous microbe leaders were murdered in the marian persecutions.	numerous microbe leaders were executed in the marian persecutions.
saakashvili also inherited the issues of the russian-backed unrecognized breakaway republics of abkhazia and south ossetia, which seceded from georgia in the early 1990s and are now de facto independent but de jure part of georgia.	saakashvili also inherited the issues of the unrecognized breakaway republics of abkhazia and south ossetia, which seceded from georgia in the early 1990s and are now de facto independent but de jure part of georgia.
since his early years as a war correspondent in vietnam, pilger has been a trenchant critic of the foreign policy of the west.	since his early years as a war correspondent in vietnam, pilger has been a leading critic of the foreign policy of the west.
on april 21 he scored a screamer in a match against valencia where real madrid won 2-1.	on april 21 he scored a volley in a match against valencia where real madrid won 2-1.
"the second audio section (""greetings in 55 languages"") contains spoken greetings in 55 languages, including four chinese dialects (marked with ), 12 south asian languages (marked #) and five ancient languages (marked ), listed here in alphabetical order:"	"the second audio section (""greetings in 55 languages"") contains spoken greetings in 55 languages, including four chinese varieties (marked with ), 12 south asian languages (marked #) and five ancient languages (marked ), listed here in alphabetical order:"
atk is an api for developing free/open source accessible applications for free and open platforms such as gnu/ linux or openbsd, lead by the gnome project.	atk is an api for developing free/open source accessible applications for free and open platforms such as linux or openbsd, lead by the gnome project.
to date, however, she has only not.	to date, however, she has not.
republicans are expected to have 8 seats up for election, with one of those being an open seat as a result of tenessee senator bob corker's shock decision to not seek re-election in 2018, having served since 2006. the seats up for election in 2018 were last up for election in 2012, although some seats may have special elections if incumbents die or resign, as has already happened in alabama.	republicans are expected to have 8 seats up for election, with one of those being an open seat as a result of tenessee senator bob corker's unexpected decision to not seek re-election in 2018, having served since 2006. the seats up for election in 2018 were last up for election in 2012, although some seats may have special elections if incumbents die or resign, as has already happened in alabama.
the moorish science temple of america is a religious organization founded in 1913 by noble drew ali, is a heretic sect of islam, gnosticism and taoism.	the moorish science temple of america is a religious organization founded in 1913 by noble drew ali, is a sect of islam, gnosticism and taoism.
"this launched the so-called ""spanish miracle,"" which developed spain from corporatist autarky into semi-capitalism."	"this launched the ""spanish miracle,"" which developed spain from corporatist autarky into semi-capitalism."
as much as $100,000 in gold may have been taken out in the first year by a greedy miner, donny roux.	as much as $100,000 in gold may have been taken out in the first year by a single miner, donny roux.
adding social web functionality to user reviews creates a de-facto reputation system, whereby site visitors can see which contributing users are the most popular, respected, and prolific, how long each has been a member, and which have interests similar to theirs.	adding social web functionality to user reviews creates a reputation system, whereby site visitors can see which contributing users are the most popular, respected, and prolific, how long each has been a member, and which have interests similar to theirs.
one of their more popular unreleased covers is a jaw-dropping version of master of puppets with les playing the rhythm guitar line as a bassline.	one of their more popular unreleased covers is a version of master of puppets with les playing the rhythm guitar line as a bassline.
based on false prophecies, these books were not considered scripture, but rather part of a literary form that flourished from 200 bc to 100 ad.	based on prophecies, these books were not considered scripture, but rather part of a literary form that flourished from 200 bc to 100 ad.
"in a 2013 angus reid survey, only 13% of ontario residents were aware that ""the beer store monopoly is not a government-owned enterprise""."	"in a 2013 angus reid survey, 13% of ontario residents were aware that ""the beer store monopoly is not a government-owned enterprise""."
many muslims were offended by this denigration of muhammad, and many protested against it.	many muslims were offended by this characterisation of muhammad, and many protested against it.
the moon festival is popularly celebrated throughout china and surrounding countries each year, with local bazaars, entertainment, and mooncakes, the delicious pastry filled with sweet bean paste and egg.	the moon festival is popularly celebrated throughout china and surrounding countries each year, with local bazaars, entertainment, and mooncakes, the pastry filled with sweet bean paste and egg.
he has thrown for 1,186 yards, 7 td's, and 9 int's, with a qb rating of 62.9. his stats are not the most impressive but he has won 7 games for the bears, putting them in first place in the nfc north.	he has thrown for 1,186 yards, 7 td's, and 9 int's, with a qb rating of 62.9. his stats are not the most impressive but he has helped win 7 games for the bears, putting them in first place in the nfc north.
because of the higher ground on the south bank of the manawatu, there are spectacular views of the ruahine ranges and the northern parts of the city.	because of the higher ground on the south bank of the manawatu, there are views of the ruahine ranges and the northern parts of the city.
however, quinn rebounded nicely the following week by throwing for over 300 yards, with five touchdown passes, leading notre dame to a victory over michigan state.	however, quinn rebounded the following week by throwing for over 300 yards, with five touchdown passes, leading notre dame to a victory over michigan state.
however, it also allows mild beating of wives in cases where the husband fears rebellious behaviour.	however, it also allows the beating of wives in cases where the husband fears rebellious behaviour.
on thursday, december 7, 2006, three experienced mountain climbers--kelly james, brian hall, and jerry cooke--began what they expected to be a two-day expedition up mount hood; the body of kelly james was found in a nearby snow cave a few days later (on saturday, december 16).	on thursday, december 7, 2006, three mountain climbers--kelly james, brian hall, and jerry cooke--began what they expected to be a two-day expedition up mount hood; the body of kelly james was found in a nearby snow cave a few days later (on saturday, december 16).
one simple example is an account that starts with $1.00 and pays 100% interest per year.	one example is an account that starts with $1.00 and pays 100% interest per year.
many left wing and communist groups are adamant supporters of the idle no more movement, including the international socialists, fightback, and others.	many right wing and communist groups are adamant supporters of the idle no more movement, including the international socialists, fightback, and others.
pai, who objected to the 2015 open internet order, quickly began to roll back some of the pro-consumer policies that had been implemented by the fcc during the obama administration, and halted an investigation into the use of zero-rating by u.s. wireless providers.	pai, who objected to the 2015 open internet order, quickly began to roll back some of the policies that had been implemented by the fcc during the obama administration, and halted an investigation into the use of zero-rating by u.s. wireless providers.
unfortunately , the hymen is a poor indicator of actual virginity, because most women break theirs through masturbation, tampon use, or non-sexual activity before having sexual intercourse.	however , the hymen is a poor indicator of actual virginity, because most women break theirs through masturbation, tampon use, or non-sexual activity before having sexual intercourse.
1861, inside the fort flying the confederate flagon april 12, 1861, at 4:30 a.m., confederate terrorists opened fire, firing for 36 straight hours, on the fort.	1861, inside the fort flying the confederate flagon april 12, 1861, at 4:30 a.m., confederate batteries opened fire, firing for 36 straight hours, on the fort.
he joined the group in early 2000. he is the nephew of comedienne , actress and writer, mary-anne fahey (famous for playing kylie mole on the comedy company).	he joined the group in early 2000. he is the nephew of comedian , actress and writer, mary-anne fahey (famous for playing kylie mole on the comedy company).
the gold licences were abolished, and replaced by an inexpensive annual miner's licence and an export fee based on the value of the gold.	the gold licences were abolished, and replaced by an annual miner's licence and an export fee based on the value of the gold.
oscar fingal o'flahertie wills wilde (october 16, 1854 – november 30, 1900) was an anglo- irish playwright, novelist, poet, short story writer and freemason.	oscar fingal o'flahertie wills wilde (october 16, 1854 – november 30, 1900) was an irish playwright, novelist, poet, short story writer and freemason.
a common geometric motif is the memling guls, a geometric medallion boldly patterned throughout the carpet.	a common geometric motif is the memling guls, a geometric medallion patterned throughout the carpet.
following the fall of the shang dynasty, viscount of wei (wei zi ), older brother of zhou , the last king of the shang dynasty, was given the territory around the old shang capital, and established the state of song .	following the fall of the shang dynasty, viscount of wei (wei zi ), older brother of di xin , the last king of the shang dynasty, was given the territory around the old shang capital, and established the state of song .
they also engaged in the evacuation from civilians who fled as the fascist armies advanced from coastal cities such as gijn and santander.	they also engaged in the evacuation from civilians who fled as the rebel armies advanced from coastal cities such as gijn and santander.
twin barrels burning is the twelfth album by legendary rock band wishbone ash.	twin barrels burning is the twelfth album by rock band wishbone ash.
remy was frustrated at the way the album was being promoted by universal and how the label wasn't releasing the right singles.	remy was frustrated at the way the album was being promoted by universal and felt that the label wasn't releasing the right singles.
the oil-for-food programme, established by the united nations in 1995 (under un security council resolution 986) and terminated in late 2003, was intended to allow iraq to sell oil on the world market in exchange for food, medicine, and other humanitarian needs for ordinary iraqi citizens without allowing iraq to rebuild its military.	the oil-for-food programme, established by the united nations in 1995 (under un security council resolution 986) and terminated in late 2003, was established with the stated intent to allow iraq to sell oil on the world market in exchange for food, medicine, and other humanitarian needs for ordinary iraqi citizens without allowing iraq to rebuild its military.
clonazepam has been utilised in drug facilitated sexual assaults.	clonazepam has been implicated in drug facilitated sexual assaults.
this is also one of the techniques used by the software pirating community to bypass callbacks and license-checking code: the target program is disassembled and the appropriate code is substituted for a null subroutine that just returns the value expected by the caller.	this is also one of the techniques used by the software cracking community to bypass callbacks and license-checking code: the target program is disassembled and the appropriate code is substituted for a null subroutine that just returns the value expected by the caller.
prime minister vladimir putin severely criticized the usa for help in redeploying georgian troops from iraq.	prime minister vladimir putin criticized the usa for help in redeploying georgian troops from iraq.
anton yuryev is a famous russian american scientist.	anton yuryev is a russian american scientist.
"in his conference in melbourne, according to amateur journalist sushi das however, ""naik extolled the moral and spiritual superiority of islam and lampooned other faiths and the west in general"", adding that naik's words ""fostered a spirit of separateness and reinforced prejudice""."	"in his conference in melbourne, according to journalist sushi das however, ""naik extolled the moral and spiritual superiority of islam and lampooned other faiths and the west in general"", adding that naik's words ""fostered a spirit of separateness and reinforced prejudice""."
they were thought to have been active from 1090 to 1272. this mystic secret society was known to specialize in terrorizing the crusaders, against whom they are thought to have fearlessly executed politically motivated assassinations.	they were thought to have been active from 1090 to 1272. this mystic secret society was known to specialize in terrorizing the crusaders, against whom they are thought to have executed politically motivated assassinations.
alexander is married to shenette (campbell) alexander, the coordinator of the controversial oxford round table.	alexander is married to shenette (campbell) alexander, the coordinator of the oxford round table.
shaka sankofa (born gary lee graham) (september 5, 1963 – june 22, 2000) was a murderer, robber and rapist convicted and sentenced to death at the age of 18 for the brutal murder of fifty-three year-old husband and father bobby grant lambert in houston, texas on may 13, 1981. he was executed by lethal injection at 8:49 pm on thursday, june 22, 2000 in huntsville, texas, aged thirty-six.	shaka sankofa (born gary lee graham) (september 5, 1963 – june 22, 2000) was a murderer, robber and rapist convicted and sentenced to death at the age of 18 for the murder of fifty-three year-old husband and father bobby grant lambert in houston, texas on may 13, 1981. he was executed by lethal injection at 8:49 pm on thursday, june 22, 2000 in huntsville, texas, aged thirty-six.
linux has become a major competitor to the proprietary symbian os found in the majority of smartphones 16.7% of smartphones sold worldwide during 2006 were using linux and it is an alternative to the proprietary windows ce and palm os operating systems on mobile devices.	linux has become a major competitor to the proprietary symbian os found in the majority of smartphones 16.7% of smartphones sold worldwide during 2006 were using linux and it is an alternative to the windows ce and palm os operating systems on mobile devices.
given the lack of man power and the 16 invading foreign armies, trotsky also insisted that former tsarist officers should be used as military specialists within the red army, with a combination of bolshevik political commissars to ensure the revolutionary nature of the red army.	given the lack of man power and the 16 opposing foreign armies, trotsky also insisted that former tsarist officers should be used as military specialists within the red army, with a combination of bolshevik political commissars to ensure the revolutionary nature of the red army.
"parties dominated by the two respective principal races in the country needed each other's ""preferences"" under fiji's so-called alternative vote system, which allows votes cast for low-polling candidates to be transferred to higher-polling candidates, as specified by the eliminated candidate."	"he considered that arties dominated by the two respective principal races in the country needed each other's ""preferences"" under fiji's so-called alternative vote system, which allows votes cast for low-polling candidates to be transferred to higher-polling candidates, as specified by the eliminated candidate."
spam is produced in (among other places) hawaii , minnesota, usa (aka spam town usa).	spam is produced in (among other places) austin , minnesota, usa (aka spam town usa).
dodging conscription he moved to london in 1971. he had accepted being gay in 1969 and four days after arriving he spotted a sticker on a lamp-post in oxford street advertising a meeting of the london gay liberation front (glf).	avoiding conscription he moved to london in 1971. he had accepted being gay in 1969 and four days after arriving he spotted a sticker on a lamp-post in oxford street advertising a meeting of the london gay liberation front (glf).
unless if the last voter complies before april 23rd, 2018, the internet freedom rights will be lost forever.	unless if the last voter complies before april 23rd, 2018, all of net neutrality and its internet freedom rights will be lost forever.
photo of suspect via washington life magazine	photo of mohammed al-madadi via washington life magazine
because of houston's close proximity to the gulf of mexico, the city has a significant chance of receiving hurricanes and tropical storms every hurricane season.	because of houston's close proximity to the gulf of mexico, the city has a chance of receiving hurricanes and tropical storms every hurricane season.
the native peoples of the pacific coast also made glorious totem poles , a trait attributed to other tribes as well.	the native peoples of the pacific coast also made totem poles , a trait attributed to other tribes as well.
togolese souleymane mamam became the youngest player ever to play in a world cup qualifying match at the tender age of 13 years and 310 days in lom in may 2001.	togolese souleymane mamam became the youngest player ever to play in a world cup qualifying match at the age of 13 years and 310 days in lom in may 2001.
the offspring is a very popular american rock band from orange county, california that originally formed in 1984. the band now consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist dexter holland, lead guitarist kevin wasserman (known as noodles), bassist greg kriesel (known as greg k), and atom willard on drums.	the offspring is a popular american rock band from orange county, california that originally formed in 1984. the band now consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist dexter holland, lead guitarist kevin wasserman (known as noodles), bassist greg kriesel (known as greg k), and atom willard on drums.
"he claimed , ""i said, 'that's not really a whitney song,' and play them the (four tops) original."	"he stated , ""i said, 'that's not really a whitney song,' and play them the (four tops) original."
as economic growth, fuelled by the industrial revolution, steadily expanded through the nineteenth century, the affluent bourgeois middle-class grew in size and wealth.	as economic growth, fuelled by the industrial revolution, steadily expanded through the nineteenth century, the affluent middle-class grew in size and wealth.
the murderess slit mitarai's throat and arms with a utility knife.	the murderer slit mitarai's throat and arms with a utility knife.
paul merton in china was a popular four-part television series broadcasted on five commencing from may 21 2007. it follows the journey of paul merton, comedian and writer, and his translator emma, as they voyage across the communist state, exploring chinese culture, expansion and change from mao zedong's reign.	paul merton in china was a four-part television series broadcasted on five commencing from may 21 2007. it follows the journey of paul merton, comedian and writer, and his translator emma, as they voyage across the communist state, exploring chinese culture, expansion and change from mao zedong's reign.
he claims he left because he believed that the bnp was too racist.	he says he left because he believed that the bnp was too racist.
"savimbi remains an extremely important figure in angolan history, viewed by some as a ""freedom fighter,"" but mostly by others as a war-monger who perpetuated a lengthy cold war conflict."	"savimbi remains an extremely important figure in angolan history, viewed by some as a ""freedom fighter,"" but by others as a war-monger who perpetuated a lengthy cold war conflict."
at times, the two would hilariously draw out their calculators and point them like guns.	at times, the two would draw out their calculators and point them like guns.
in august giorgi got a wildcard to the 2012 western & southern open and shocked francesca schiavone in the first round.	in august giorgi got a wildcard to the 2012 western & southern open and defeated francesca schiavone in the first round.
parabola gnu/linux is a gnu/ linux distribution which is a derivative of arch linux for the i686, x86 64 and mips64 architectures, using completely free software.	parabola gnu/linux is a linux distribution which is a derivative of arch linux for the i686, x86 64 and mips64 architectures, using completely free software.
for instance, sweden successfully privatized education with education vouchers in 1992.	for instance, sweden privatized education with education vouchers in 1992.
in 2007, a controversy developed after it emerged that she had accepted an illegal donation from paul green, a property magnate, a matter that was investigated by the electoral commission and strathclyde police.	in 2007, a controversy developed after it emerged that she had accepted an impermissible donation from paul green, a property magnate, a matter that was investigated by the electoral commission and strathclyde police.
during this period, the station's white sox game telecasts were announced by legendary play-by-play announcer harry caray.	during this period, the station's white sox game telecasts were announced by play-by-play announcer harry caray.
"during a game against fordham university in 2002, soon after the catholic church was rocked by disclosures about pedophile priests, the band claimed that fordham tuition was ""going down like an altar boy"" in a lame joke improvised minutes before the start of the pre-game show."	"during a game against fordham university in 2002, soon after the catholic church was rocked by disclosures about pedophile priests, the band claimed that fordham tuition was ""going down like an altar boy"" in a joke improvised minutes before the start of the pre-game show."
a 2007 study which simulated various diets' land use for the geography of new york state concluded that although vegetarian diets used the smallest amount of land per capita, a low fat diet which included some meat and dairy (less than 2 oz of meat/eggs per day— significantly less than consumed by the average american) could support slightly more people on the same available land than could be fed on some high fat vegetarian diets, since animal food crops can be grown on lower quality land than crops for human consumption.	a 2007 study which simulated various diets' land use for the geography of new york state concluded that although vegetarian diets used the smallest amount of land per capita, a low fat diet which included some meat and dairy (less than 2 oz of meat/eggs per day— significantly less than consumed by the average american) could support more people on the same available land than could be fed on some high fat vegetarian diets, since animal food crops can be grown on lower quality land than crops for human consumption.
in general, psychiatric treatments have improved significantly over the past several decades, beginning with the advent of modern psychiatric medications (see history section, below).	in general, psychiatric treatments have improved over the past several decades, beginning with the advent of modern psychiatric medications (see history section, below).
the cult reached its peak in the nazi era, when local party members misused the names of the battle participants for their propaganda.	the cult reached its peak in the nazi era, when local party members used the names of the battle participants for their propaganda.
eastern span replacement of the san francisco oakland bay bridge (caltrans-related controversy )	eastern span replacement of the san francisco oakland bay bridge (caltrans-related project )
in 2004, fans released a remake called maniac mansion deluxe, which runs under windows, features heavily enhanced graphics, music throughout the whole game (borrowed from day of the tentacle), and fixes some bugs and inconsistencies found in the original release of the game.	in 2004, fans released a remake called maniac mansion deluxe, which runs under windows, features enhanced graphics, music throughout the whole game (borrowed from day of the tentacle), and fixes some bugs and inconsistencies found in the original release of the game.
a star called henry (published 1999) is the first book in the series, and tells the story of henry smart, an ira assassin and 1916 easter rebellion fighter, from his birth in dublin to his adulthood when he becomes a father.	a star called henry (published 1999) is the first book in the series, and tells the story of henry smart, an ira volunteer and 1916 easter rebellion fighter, from his birth in dublin to his adulthood when he becomes a father.
the participation of obama was controversial, mainly owing to obama's support of legal abortion, which conflicts with the pro-life beliefs of warren and most evangelicals.	the participation of obama was controversial, mainly owing to obama's support of abortion, which conflicts with the pro-life beliefs of warren and most evangelicals.
souliotes (, , also spelled souliots or suliots) were a warlike community who became famous across albania and greece for the heroic resistance against the local ottoman pashalik of yanina ruled by the brigand ali pasha.	souliotes (, , also spelled souliots or suliots) were a warlike community who became famous across albania and greece for the heroic resistance against the local ottoman pashalik of yanina ruled by the muslim albanian pasha ali pasha.
he scored one goal and three assists to help crush the carolina hurricanes 81.	he scored one goal and three assists to help defeat the carolina hurricanes 81.
will oldham shot the iconic black-and-white cover photograph of slint's 1991 album spiderland.	will oldham shot the black-and-white cover photograph of slint's 1991 album spiderland .
historians estimate up to 300,000 people perished in the nanking massacre, after the fall of nanjing on december 13, 1937, while some japanese historians wrongly deny the existence of a massacre.	historians estimate up to 300,000 people perished in the nanking massacre, after the fall of nanjing on december 13, 1937, while some japanese historians deny the existence of a massacre.
the finale is a stellar example of the sonata rondo form that haydn frequently used in his later symphonic works.	the finale is a example of the sonata rondo form that haydn frequently used in his later symphonic works.
this started a period of questions to romney about his past statements and positions, which he refused to answer.	this started a period of questions to romney about his past statements and positions, which he declined to answer.
alexis arquette (born female on january 1, 1969 in los angeles, california) is a transgendered american actress, musician, l.a. area underground cartoonist, and drag performer who is part of a family of actors including siblings patricia, david, richmond, and rosanna arquette, her father lewis arquette and her grandfather cliff arquette.	alexis arquette (born on january 1, 1969 in los angeles, california) is a transgendered american actress, musician, l.a. area underground cartoonist, and drag performer who is part of a family of actors including siblings patricia, david, richmond, and rosanna arquette, her father lewis arquette and her grandfather cliff arquette.
after being dismissed from the defense minister post for indirect responsibility in the sabra and shatila massacre, sharon remained in successive governments as a minister without portfolio (1983-1984), minister for trade and industry (1984-1990), and minister for housing construction (1990-1992).	after being dismissed from the defense minister post for responsibility in the sabra and shatila massacre, sharon remained in successive governments as a minister without portfolio (1983-1984), minister for trade and industry (1984-1990), and minister for housing construction (1990-1992).
"the telegraph is known for its politics and is seen as ""traditionally right- wing ""."	"the telegraph is known for its politics and is seen as ""traditionally right- or-centre ""."
the famous biker gunn-rita dahle comes from bjrheimsbygd.	the cross-country and marathon mountain biker gunn-rita dahle comes from bjrheimsbygd .
trump's politically incorrect, anti-illegal immigration politics, which also concentrated on terrorism and national security concerns, earned him support among working-class voters, as well as widespread opposition from hispanics/latinos, muslims, business leaders, democrats, and other republicans.	trump's politically incorrect, anti-illegal immigration politics, which also concentrated on terrorism and national security concerns, brought him support among working-class voters, as well as widespread opposition from hispanics/latinos, muslims, business leaders, democrats, and other republicans.
gwet, k. l. (2010) handbook of inter-rater reliability ( second edition) .	gwet, k. l. (2010) handbook of inter-rater reliability ( 2nd edition).
klecko called 911 and waited for the police to arrive, but sadly peterson was pronounced dead at the scene.	klecko called 911 and waited for the police to arrive, but peterson was pronounced dead at the scene.
on march 8, 2007, at 13:25 of the third period of a game between the rangers and the new york islanders, ryan hollweg delivered a questionable check on chris simon, sending the sizeable forward into the boards head-first.	on march 8, 2007, at 13:25 of the third period of a game between the rangers and the new york islanders, ryan hollweg delivered a check on chris simon, sending the sizeable forward into the boards head-first.
bart thinks hamlet was boring despite every character dying, but homer tells him that the story led to the hit film ghostbusters, and all the simpsons dance to the theme.	bart thinks hamlet was boring despite every character dying, but homer tells him that the story led to the film ghostbusters, and all the simpsons dance to the theme.
the heroic exploits of wallace were passed on to posterity mainly in the form of tales collected and recounted by the poet blind harry, the minstrel (d.1492) whose original, probably oral sources were never specified.	the exploits of wallace were passed on to posterity mainly in the form of tales collected and recounted by the poet blind harry, the minstrel (d.1492) whose original, probably oral sources were never specified.
was a war between south korea and north korea, in which a united nations force dominated by the united states of america fought for the south, and china fought for the north.	was a war between south korea and north korea, in which a united nations force lead by the united states of america fought for the south, and china fought for the north.
hezbollah had demanded the release of lebanese prisoners as condition for releasing israeli reservists ehud goldwasser and eldad regev, captured in the hezbollah raid which sparked the 2006 lebanon war.	hezbollah had demanded the release of lebanese prisoners as condition for releasing israeli reservists ehud goldwasser and eldad regev, captured in the hezbollah raid which preceded the 2006 lebanon war.
amar singh (born 27 january 1956) is an indian respected politician from the state of uttar pradesh who was one of the leaders of samajwadi party.	amar singh (born 27 january 1956) is an indian politician from the state of uttar pradesh who was one of the leaders of samajwadi party.
as a result of the massacre , an ultimatum was sent to the egyptian government demanding they order urabi's officers in alexandria to dismantle their coast defense batteries.	as a result of the riots , an ultimatum was sent to the egyptian government demanding they order urabi's officers in alexandria to dismantle their coast defense batteries.
in the aftermath of the historic 2008 failure of the united states to win reelection to the human rights council, farrow called for the body to be abolished.	in the aftermath of the 2008 failure of the united states to win reelection to the human rights council, farrow called for the body to be abolished.
"although there were numerous informal and backchannel communications between israel and arab states through the years, all arab states refused to accept israel's sovereignty until 1979, and most (excluding jordan, mauritania, and egypt) persisted in rejecting israel's right to exist (see khartoum resolution) until the 2002 arab peace initiative which offers israel peace and normal relations with all arab countries if israel withdraws from all areas occupied in the 1967 war and accepts a ""just solution"" to the palestinian refugee problem."	"although there were numerous informal and backchannel communications between israel and arab states through the years, all arab states refused to accept israel's sovereignty until 1979, and most (excluding jordan, mauritania, and egypt) persisted in rejecting israel's desire to exist (see khartoum resolution) until the 2002 arab peace initiative which offers israel peace and normal relations with all arab countries if israel withdraws from all areas occupied in the 1967 war and accepts a ""just solution"" to the palestinian refugee problem."
the famous erin go bragh flag uses an angelic clirseach, or irish harp, cradled in a wreath of clover.	the erin go bragh flag uses an angelic clirseach, or irish harp, cradled in a wreath of clover.
a 1948 propaganda film about the airlift, told from the british point of view.	a 1948 film about the airlift, told from the british point of view.
acquired churches include places like bethel chapel in nashville, founded and pastored by remarkable bible teacher ray mccollum, as well as rick shelton's church in missouri.	acquired churches include places like bethel chapel in nashville, founded and pastored by bible teacher ray mccollum, as well as rick shelton's church in missouri.
a judge ruled that pitbull's use of her name was protected by the first amendment and that lohan was barely even mentioned in the song.	a judge ruled that pitbull's use of her name was protected by the first amendment and that lohan was barely mentioned in the song.
the james webb space telescope (jwst) is a planned infrared space observatory, the successor to the aging hubble space telescope.	the james webb space telescope (jwst) is a planned infrared space observatory, the successor to the hubble space telescope.
she was brutally murdered and raped near her home in croydon, south london, just two weeks after her 18th birthday.	she was murdered and raped near her home in croydon, south london, just two weeks after her 18th birthday.
he knew that the operator actually had to believe he'd caught his wife having an affair, and so didn't inform the operator she was being recorded.	he felt that the operator actually had to believe he'd caught his wife having an affair, and so didn't inform the operator she was being recorded.
unfortunately , the move did little to alleviate the dauphin's condition, which gradually continued to deteriorate.	however , the move did little to alleviate the dauphin's condition, which gradually continued to deteriorate.
their music is heavily influenced by classic '70s heavy metal/late era psychedelic bands such as black sabbath, led zeppelin and deep purple.	their music is influenced by classic '70s heavy metal/late era psychedelic bands such as black sabbath, led zeppelin and deep purple.
however, progressive religious denominations have been refused recognition in the confessional community system.	however, pro-gay-marriage religious denominations have been refused recognition in the confessional community system.
in 1970, in columbus, ohio, mopery was defined as loitering while walking, or walking down the street with no clear destination or purpose, and was used by police to harass counterculture hippies who were regarded as unsavory.	in 1970, in columbus, ohio, mopery was defined as loitering while walking, or walking down the street with no clear destination or purpose, and was used by police to stop and interview counterculture hippies who were regarded as unsavory.
"furthermore, there is a reform attitude that the shul or synagogue is a modern temple; hence, ""temple"" appears in numerous congregation names in reform judaism."	"furthermore, there is a reform view that the shul or synagogue is a modern temple; hence, ""temple"" appears in numerous congregation names in reform judaism."
dmx music was once a great music service available on cable, but that part of their business has mostly been taken over by music choice.	dmx music was once a music service available on cable, but that part of their business has mostly been taken over by music choice.
the card game is playable in 30-45 minutes and only supports 2-4 players.	the card game is playable in 30-45 minutes and supports 2-4 players.
skeptics also cite a total lack of scientifically testable and verifiable evidence in favor of the existence of ghosts, despite centuries of interest in the subject.	skeptics also say there is a total lack of scientifically testable and verifiable evidence in favor of the existence of ghosts, despite centuries of interest in the subject.
the massacre of custer and his troopers as a popularized episode in the history of western indian warfare was fostered by an advertising campaign by the brewery, anheuser-busch.	the death of custer and his troopers as a popularized episode in the history of western indian warfare was fostered by an advertising campaign by the brewery, anheuser-busch.
from here it would be logical to conclude that japheth would be the eldest, who should be two years older than shem, while ham would be the youngest.	from this, jehovah's witnesses consider it would be logical to conclude that japheth would be the eldest, who should be two years older than shem, while ham would be the youngest.
amazing character by shok1 from england.	character by shok1 from england.
the tree canopies in some of sydney's north shore and harbour suburbs in the east have a dominant purple glow during late spring .	the tree canopies in some of sydney's north shore and harbour suburbs in the east have a purple glow during late spring.
the study also cites documents demonstrating that key evidence presented by colin powell to the united nations in february 2003 had been gravely misinterpreted by the u.s. government.	the study also cites documents demonstrating that key evidence presented by colin powell to the united nations in february 2003 had been misinterpreted by the u.s. government.
this symbolic act represented a major sign of the ottoman empire's crumbling yoke over the balkans, and it cemented grud's reputation among the other ethnic albanian tribes.	this symbolic act represented a major sign of the ottoman empire's crumbling rule over the balkans, and it cemented grud's reputation among the other ethnic albanian tribes.
there are 24 fine restaurants and cafs at the resort.	there are 24 restaurants and cafs at the resort.
the hittite kings are actually ghost doubles of the neo-babylonian kings, and therefore rameses ii's battle with the hittites at kadesh is identical to necho's fight against nebuchadrezzar ii at carchemish, nabopolassar is mursili ii, neriglissar is muwatalli, labashi-marduk is urhi-teshup, and nebuchadrezzar ii is hattusili iii.	the hittite kings held to be actually ghost doubles of the neo-babylonian kings, and therefore rameses ii's battle with the hittites at kadesh is identical to necho's fight against nebuchadrezzar ii at carchemish, nabopolassar is mursili ii, neriglissar is muwatalli, labashi-marduk is urhi-teshup, and nebuchadrezzar ii is hattusili iii.
they celebrated a commemorative meal annually, on or around passover, with unleavened bread and water only, in contrast to the christian practice of performing the eucharist daily using leavened bread and water mixed with wine.	they celebrated a commemorative meal annually, on or around passover, with unleavened bread and water only, in contrast to the christian practice of performing a mystical eucharist daily using leavened bread and water mixed with wine.
one author, chalmers johnson, notes that america's version of the colony is the military base.	one author, chalmers johnson, argues that america's version of the colony is the military base.
one splinter group is headed by kiryat arba settler leader baruch marzel, while the other by rabbi binyamin ze'ev kahane of kfar tapuach, who was assassinated in 2000.	one splinter group is headed by kiryat arba leader baruch marzel, while the other by rabbi binyamin ze'ev kahane of kfar tapuach, who was assassinated in 2000.
man-e-faces is a fictional character in the popular masters of the universe franchise.	man-e-faces is a fictional character in the masters of the universe franchise.
it was created by donald knuth with his metafont program, and was most recently updated in 1992. the computer modern typefaces are described in excruciating detail (including full source codes) in the book computer modern typefaces, volume e in the computers & typesetting series.	it was created by donald knuth with his metafont program, and was most recently updated in 1992. the computer modern typefaces are described in great detail (including full source codes) in the book computer modern typefaces, volume e in the computers & typesetting series.
akamai has also been accused of blocking access to web sites for visitors using tor.	akamai has been accused of blocking access to web sites for visitors using tor.
to these thinkers, the two cases are similar both in specifics, in that they both unjustly removed constitutional protections from a class of persons (blacks in dred scott, fetuses in roe), and in general, in that they represented illegitimate meddling by the court in political matters.	to these thinkers, the two cases are similar both in specifics, in that they both unjustly removed constitutional protections from a class of persons (blacks in dred scott, the unborn in roe), and in general, in that they represented illegitimate meddling by the court in political matters.
while the overwhelming consensus among physicists is that antimatter will attract both matter and antimatter at the same rate that matter attracts matter, there is a strong desire to confirm this experimentally.	while the consensus among physicists is that antimatter will attract both matter and antimatter at the same rate that matter attracts matter, there is a strong desire to confirm this experimentally.
the gale miraculously ceased and the sea became calm.	the gale ceased and the sea became calm.
ball-tampering crisis and banning	ball-tampering incident and banning
in most modern countries, certain engineering tasks, such as the design of bridges, electric power plants, and chemical plants, must be approved by a professional engineer or a chartered engineer.	in most western countries, certain engineering tasks, such as the design of bridges, electric power plants, and chemical plants, must be approved by a professional engineer or a chartered engineer.
he previously owned, but formally turned over to his daughter, the intact media group, comprising among others the newspapers jurnalul naional and gazeta sporturilor and the tv stations antena 1, antena 2, antena 3 and antena 4.	he previously owned, but turned over to his daughter, the intact media group, comprising among others the newspapers jurnalul naional and gazeta sporturilor and the tv stations antena 1, antena 2, antena 3 and antena 4.
he undertook to reform christendom by delivering it from false jewish doctrines and restoring pauline christianity.	he undertook to reform christendom by delivering it from jewish doctrines and restoring pauline christianity.
swinton lions is a british professional rugby league club from swinton and pendlebury near manchester, england .	swinton lions is a professional rugby league club from swinton and pendlebury near manchester, england.
"as of 2005, the pacer is not yet a highly valuable car, though many now have a ""classic"" status at 25 years old or more."	"as of 2005, the pacer is not a highly valuable car, though many now have a ""classic"" status at 25 years old or more."
category:newspapers published in taiwan	category:newspapers published in the republic of china
non-neutral (or discriminatory ) networks can be said to have a purpose in certain problematic situations.	non-neutral (or tiered ) networks can be said to have a purpose in certain problematic situations.
in 2006, she created the documentary about evangelical christians called friends of god which featured disgraced former pastor ted haggard.	in 2006, she created the documentary about evangelical christians called friends of god which featured former pastor ted haggard.
is a british left-wing labour party politician from salford.	is a british labour party politician from salford.
"see pentagon road network for information on the true ""mixing bowl."""	"see pentagon road network for information on the original ""mixing bowl."""
"her notable songs include ""ante up (remix)"" (2001), ""lean back"" (2004), ""conceited"" (2006), and ""all the way up"" (2016)."	"her songs include ""ante up (remix)"" (2001), ""lean back"" (2004), ""conceited"" (2006), and ""all the way up"" (2016)."
february 10 – mary of burgundy, the daughter of charles the bold, is forced by her disgruntled subjects to sign the great privilege, by which the flemish cities recover all the local and communal rights which had been abolished by the arbitrary decrees of the dukes of burgundy, in their efforts to create in the low countries a centralized state.	february 10 – mary of burgundy, the daughter of charles the bold, is forced by her disgruntled subjects to sign the great privilege, by which the flemish cities recover all the local and communal rights which had been abolished by the decrees of the dukes of burgundy, in their efforts to create in the low countries a centralized state.
the film is set to be released for an oscar-qualifying run in december 2016, and will release widely in 2017. the film is turkey's response to the spanish-american 2016 film the promise, which depicted turkey's role in the armenian genocide in a delusionally negative light, and after just three screenings had received over 55,000 1-star reviews due to political lobbying efforts by the turkish community.	the film is set to be released for an oscar-qualifying run in december 2016, and will release widely in 2017. the film is turkey's response to the spanish-american 2016 film the promise, which depicted turkey's role in the armenian genocide in a negative light, and after just three screenings had received over 55,000 1-star reviews due to political lobbying efforts by the turkish community.
however, whether origionally iranian or caucasion, it is relatively certain and accepted by most scholars that azeri's are not descendents of turkic tribes, although they have certainly been affected by them.	however, whether origionally iranian or caucasion, it is relatively certain and accepted by large number of scholars that azeri's are not descendents of turkic tribes, although they have certainly been affected by them.
the band achieved success in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when they were often associated with the burgeoning new romantic fashion movement, though the band themselves denied any such connection.	the band achieved success in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when they were (erroneously) associated with the burgeoning new romantic fashion movement, though the band themselves denied any such connection.
sparkford has a picturesque cricket field by the old a303 with a successful local team.	sparkford has a cricket field by the old a303 with a successful local team.
lieutenant-general arthur ernest percival cb dso and bar obe mc ostj dl (december 26, 1887 - january 31, 1966) was a british army officer and world war i hero .	lieutenant-general arthur ernest percival cb dso and bar obe mc ostj dl (december 26, 1887 - january 31, 1966) was a british army officer and world war i veteran .
it was also printed bynewsweek magazine.	it was also printed by newsweek magazine.
book group (episode 4): 3 extracts from a well-known comedian /comedienne 's autobiography is read out, and the team is to identify the author, points are awarded as follow; 3 points for one extract read out, 2 for the second extract and 1 for all three extracts.	book group (episode 4): 3 extracts from a well-known comedian's autobiography is read out, and the team is to identify the author, points are awarded as follow; 3 points for one extract read out, 2 for the second extract and 1 for all three extracts.
poland regained its independence in 1918 but sadly lost it again in world war ii, emerging several years later as a communist country within the eastern bloc under control of the former soviet union.	poland regained its independence in 1918 but lost it again in world war ii, emerging several years later as a communist country within the eastern bloc under control of the former soviet union.
the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders (dsm), published by the american psychiatric association, provides a common language and standard criteria for the classification of mental disorders.	the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders (dsm), published by the american psychiatric association, offers a common language and standard criteria for the classification of mental disorders.
"the pussycat dolls are an award-winning american music, dance and burlesque ensemble founded by choreographer robin antin in 1995. it began as a dance troupe based in los angeles, was ""re-cast"" as a music group in 2003, and expanded in 2005 with a parallel troupe at caesars palace in las vegas, nevada."	"the pussycat dolls are an american music, dance and burlesque ensemble founded by choreographer robin antin in 1995. it began as a dance troupe based in los angeles, was ""re-cast"" as a music group in 2003, and expanded in 2005 with a parallel troupe at caesars palace in las vegas, nevada."
following a brilliant season as a three year old, tulloch tragically contracted a virus which kept him from the racecourse for two years.	following a brilliant season as a three year old, tulloch contracted a virus which kept him from the racecourse for two years.
see: omega point) and there were also some sections of his work outline of history, which reflected this belief and his finding it in the teachings of jesus christ and siddhartha.	see: omega point) and there were also some sections of his work outline of history, which reflected this belief and his finding it in the teachings of jesus and siddhartha.
the parthenon, greek temple formerly dedicated to the goddess athena (zeus' daughter), later converted into a church dedicated to the virgin mary.	the parthenon, greek temple dedicated to the goddess athena (zeus' daughter), later converted into a church dedicated to the virgin mary.
the film is the remake of blockbluster kannada film kirik party (2016) which was directed by rishab shetty.	the film is the remake of kannada film kirik party (2016) which was directed by rishab shetty.
by december 2008, trisquel gnu/linux was included by the free software foundation in its list of free gnu/ linux distributions.	by december 2008, trisquel gnu/linux was included by the free software foundation in its list of free linux distributions .
kin shriner (born december 6, 1953) is an american dramatic actor, best known for his long-running portrayal of scott baldwin on the abc soap opera general hospital (19771993, 20002004, 20072008, 2013) and its spin-off port charles (19972000, 2001).	kin shriner (born december 6, 1953) is an american dramatic actor, best known for his portrayal of scott baldwin on the abc soap opera general hospital (19771993, 20002004, 20072008, 2013) and its spin-off port charles (19972000, 2001).
together with the chlas and the pndyas, they formed the three principal warring tamil kingdoms in india in the early centuries of the christian era.	together with the chlas and the pndyas, they formed the three principal warring tamil kingdoms in india in the early centuries of the common era.
"robert ""robbie"" jackson (n bolton) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by dean gaffney from 1993 to 2003. the character was axed in 2003 by executive producer louise berridge."	"robert ""robbie"" jackson (n bolton) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by dean gaffney from 1993 to 2003. the character was axed in 2003 by executive producer louise berridge."
"individualist anarchism (or anarchist individualism, anarcho-individualism, individualistic anarchism, philosophical anarchism, anarchist socialism for some free market anti-capitalist individualists such as benjamin tucker , anarcho-capitalism for some who favours free-market capitalism such as murray rothbard, or scientific anarchism) refers to any of several traditions that hold that ""individual conscience and the pursuit of self-interest should not be constrained by any collective body or public authority."""	"individualist anarchism (or anarchist individualism, anarcho-individualism, individualistic anarchism, philosophical anarchism, anarchist socialism for free market anti-capitalist individualists such as benjamin tucker , anarcho-capitalism for some who favours free-market capitalism such as murray rothbard, or scientific anarchism) refers to any of several traditions that hold that ""individual conscience and the pursuit of self-interest should not be constrained by any collective body or public authority."""
tracks from these, the previous three compilations, and the light user syndrome, were included on a further pointless compilation in 1998, northern attitude.	tracks from these, the previous three compilations, and the light user syndrome, were included on a further compilation in 1998, northern attitude.
richard beaumont (born 5 june 1961, yorkshire, england) is a british actor, best known for playing the role of tiny tim in the 1970 film scrooge, a musical version of dickens a christmas carol starring albert finney.	richard beaumont (born 5 june 1961, yorkshire, england) is a british actor, known for playing the role of tiny tim in the 1970 film scrooge, a musical version of dickens a christmas carol starring albert finney.
a vertical datum is used as a reference point for elevations of surfaces and features on the earth including terrain, bathymetry, water levels, and human made structures.	a vertical datum is used as a reference point for elevations of surfaces and features on the earth including terrain, bathymetry, water levels, and man- made structures.
rumors of these marriages were published by the anti-mormon salt lake tribune.	rumors of these marriages were published by the salt lake tribune.
"when the titular comedy duo is preparing a music video for their robotically themed song ""the humans are dead"", they are provided with crude cardboard costumes by murray, their manager."	"when the titular comedy duo is preparing a music video for their robotically themed song ""the humans are dead"", they are provided with cardboard costumes by murray, their manager."
two troops were sent to watch for the approach of enemy reinforcements; one north towards khan yunis and one eastwards in the direction of shellal.	two troops were sent to watch for the approach of ottoman reinforcements; one north towards khan yunis and one eastwards in the direction of shellal.
he is renowned for his dead on impressions of peter graves, and colonel klink.	he is known for his dead on impressions of peter graves, and colonel klink.
"with this position, eisenman pretends to ""recover"" what he considers to be the authentic teaching of jesus and james from obscurity."	"with this position, eisenman claims to ""recover"" what he considers to be the authentic teaching of jesus and james from obscurity."
jahangirnagar university is a reputed public university of bangladesh.	jahangirnagar university is a public university of bangladesh.
these conditions allow that older ordinary firemen have higher ranks than their leaders.	these conditions allow that older ordinary firefighters have higher ranks than their leaders.
act ii, scene 7 features one of shakespeare's greatest monologues, which begins:	act ii, scene 7 features one of shakespeare's most famous monologues, which begins:
this long association had led to a harmonious relationship between the indigenous inhabitants and their environment which was rudely interrupted by the arrival of the british in 1788. the european desire to cultivate the land aided and abetted by a smallpox epidemic forced the local people, the wangal clan, away from their source of food and their spiritual connection with the land.	this long association had led to a harmonious relationship between the indigenous inhabitants and their environment which was interrupted by the arrival of the british in 1788. the european desire to cultivate the land aided and abetted by a smallpox epidemic forced the local people, the wangal clan, away from their source of food and their spiritual connection with the land.
the park has an excellent in house video broadcast of games provided by select media.	the park has an in house video broadcast of games provided by select media.
"of the kyoto accord, he claims there is no ""controversy over the fact that the kyoto protocol, itself, will do almost nothing to stabilize co2."	"of the kyoto accord, he stated there is no ""controversy over the fact that the kyoto protocol, itself, will do almost nothing to stabilize co2."
sadly most later anthologies published the short stories and the novels separately, thus destroying dickens original artistic intent.	most later anthologies published the short stories and the novels separately, thus destroying dickens original artistic intent.
renowned for his flamboyant colourful dinner suits in all shades of lemon, lime, gold and black whilst performing his role as ring announcer at various boxing and kick-boxing promotions around australia, he is now considered by many the no.1 ring announcer since the death of the great ray connolly several years ago.	renowned for his flamboyant colourful dinner suits in all shades of lemon, lime, gold and black whilst performing his role as ring announcer at various boxing and kick-boxing promotions around australia, he is now considered by many the no.1 ring announcer since the death of the ray connolly several years ago.
burley is a shithole in the new forest, hampshire, england, with a wealth of tea rooms, gift shops, art galleries and a pick your own farm.	burley is a town in the new forest, hampshire, england, with a wealth of tea rooms, gift shops, art galleries and a pick your own farm.
edvard grieg, norway's greatest composer, wrote several pieces about trolls.	edvard grieg, norway's most famous composer, wrote several pieces about trolls.
music score is provided by legendary bluegrass musician john mceuen.	music score is provided by bluegrass musician john mceuen.
"six days later, on october 25th under the pretext that u.s. citizens on the island were in danger, the u.s. occupied the island with ""operation urgent fury,"" and deposed coard."	"six days later, on october 25th under the assertion that u.s. citizens on the island were in danger, the u.s. occupied the island with ""operation urgent fury,"" and deposed coard."
gritty but funny , rice's stories uniquely combine the hardboiled detective tradition with no-holds-barred, screwball comedy.	gritty but humorous , rice's stories uniquely combine the hardboiled detective tradition with no-holds-barred, screwball comedy.
"however , service employees will seldom engage in casual conversation with a customer with the aim of forming a closer friendship or romantic relationship as sometimes happens in ""western"" cultures."	"generally , service employees will seldom engage in casual conversation with a customer with the aim of forming a closer friendship or romantic relationship as sometimes happens in ""western"" cultures."
"other comments lloyd has made about shetty include ""she wants to be white"", ""she's a dog"" and ""they eat with their hands in india, don't they - or is that china?"	"specific comments lloyd has made about shetty include ""she wants to be white"", ""she's a dog"" and ""they eat with their hands in india, don't they - or is that china?"
"in addition to substantially expanding the range of ""fsa-eligible"" purchases, adding otc items made it easier to ""spend down"" medical fsas at year-end to avoid the dreaded ""use it or lose it"" rule."	"in addition to substantially expanding the range of ""fsa-eligible"" purchases, adding otc items made it easier to ""spend down"" medical fsas at year-end to avoid the ""use it or lose it"" rule."
in 2015, legendary australian performer kylie minogue became the latest face to represent the brand.	in 2015, australian performer kylie minogue became the latest face to represent the brand.
general sir walter colyear walker kcb, cbe, dso & bar (11 november 1912 – 12 august 2001) was a controversial british general.	general sir walter colyear walker kcb, cbe, dso & bar (11 november 1912 – 12 august 2001) was a british general.
the film was a surprise box-office hit, and he reprised the role in the 1993 sequel.	the film was a box-office hit, and he reprised the role in the 1993 sequel.
"after pope pius ix reestablished a church hierarchy in holland in 1853, the rebellious church of utrecht adopted the name ""old catholic church"" to distinguish itself from the newly created roman hierarchy by its seniority in holland."	"after pope pius ix reestablished a church hierarchy in holland in 1853, the breakaway church of utrecht adopted the name ""old catholic church"" to distinguish itself from the newly created roman hierarchy by its seniority in holland."
"have been extremely wary of accusing these over-reporters of dishonesty; as they found in one study, those who over-report do so mainly to maintain perceptions of themselves as ""churched"" americans, not because they are afraid to reveal to the interviewer that they are ""bad christians."""	"have been wary of accusing these over-reporters of dishonesty; as they found in one study, those who over-report do so mainly to maintain perceptions of themselves as ""churched"" americans, not because they are afraid to reveal to the interviewer that they are ""bad christians."""
"in 2004, it was officially announced that cream would finally reunite for a series of four shows, may 2, 3, 5, and 6 of 2005 at the royal albert hall, the venue of their final concerts in 1968. even more surprising was that the reunion came at clapton's request: although the three musicians chose not to speak publicly about the shows, clapton would later state that he had become more ""generous"" in regards to his past, and that the physical health of bruce and baker was a major factor: bruce had recently undergone a liver transplant for liver cancer, one that almost cost him his life, while baker had severe arthritis."	"in 2004, it was officially announced that cream would reunite for a series of four shows, may 2, 3, 5, and 6 of 2005 at the royal albert hall, the venue of their final concerts in 1968. even more surprising was that the reunion came at clapton's request: although the three musicians chose not to speak publicly about the shows, clapton would later state that he had become more ""generous"" in regards to his past, and that the physical health of bruce and baker was a major factor: bruce had recently undergone a liver transplant for liver cancer, one that almost cost him his life, while baker had severe arthritis."
centuries of sunni rule followed by pagan mongol hegemony lent fertile ground for new teachings.	centuries of sunni rule followed by non-muslim mongol hegemony lent fertile ground for new teachings.
however, after he received his equally brilliant as results he joined middlesbrough f.c.	however, after he received his equally good as results he joined middlesbrough f.c.
a perversion of this belief holds that the translators of the king james version were guided by god and that the kjv thus is to be taken as authoritative.	a variation of this belief holds that the translators of the king james version were guided by god and that the kjv thus is to be taken as authoritative.
the nationalist boycott led to a low turnout of 58.1%.	the nationalist boycott led to a turnout of 58.1%.
the south vietnamese dictatorship capitulated shortly after.	the south vietnamese government capitulated shortly after.
two kind people named vince and kai replaced it on december 13 of the same year.	two people named vince and kai replaced it on december 13 of the same year.
the trilogy is based on the book the lord of the rings by j. r. r. tolkien and follows its general storyline, despite some major deviations.	the trilogy is based on the book the lord of the rings by j. r. r. tolkien and follows its general storyline, despite some deviations.
following generous sponsorship by his widow, the library and archive of the royal artillery museum at royal arsenal, woolwich, in london has been renamed the james clavell library in his honour.	following sponsorship by his widow, the library and archive of the royal artillery museum at royal arsenal, woolwich, in london has been renamed the james clavell library in his honour.
ernest hemingway (1899-1961) saw violence and death first-hand as an ambulance driver in world war i, and the senseless carnage persuaded him that abstract language was mostly empty and misleading.	ernest hemingway (1899-1961) saw violence and death first-hand as an ambulance driver in world war i, and the carnage persuaded him that abstract language was mostly empty and misleading.
the isle instead relies on prosecution of drivers for behaviour that is genuinely truly dangerous, under the conditons, to keep its roads safe.	the isle instead relies on prosecution of drivers for behaviour that is genuinely dangerous, under the conditons, to keep its roads safe.
in 2002, she returned to writing with the politics of stupid, a stream-of-consciousness, self-published manifesto encouraging women to take control of their brains and bodies from the food manufacturers, corrupt governments, and fitness/diet industries.	in 2002, she returned to writing with the politics of stupid, a stream-of-consciousness, self-published manifesto encouraging women to take control of their brains and bodies from food manufacturers, corrupt governments, and fitness/diet industries.
in august 2013, anti-gmo vandals broke into irri's research facilities and destroyed field trials of golden rice.	in august 2013, anti-gmo protestors broke into irri's research facilities and destroyed field trials of golden rice.
20 years later, in 2018, an espn article showed visually how almost all of the coaches who would serve as nfl head coaches in the upcoming season were connected to legendary head coaches bill parcells and bill belichick.	20 years later, in 2018, an espn article showed visually how almost all of the coaches who would serve as nfl head coaches in the upcoming season were connected to head coaches bill parcells and bill belichick.
the company claims to demonstrate our commitment to the environment year-round by operating what it claims to be the best packaging recovery system in the world.	the company claims to demonstrate their commitment to the environment year-round by operating what it claims to be the best packaging recovery system in the world.
also, century is not just known for its academic and athletic programs but is also known for its well known and prestigious award winning instrumental program which includes marching band, colorguard, orchestra, concert band, drum line, and jazz band.	also, century is not just known for its academic and athletic programs but is also known for its well known and award winning instrumental program which includes marching band, colorguard, orchestra, concert band, drum line, and jazz band.
1922 - d. june 21, 1992 ) was a spanish writer in catalan language.	1922 - d. june 21, 1992 ) was a valencian writer in catalan language.
if the batter receives four balls, she is awarded first base.	if the batter receives four balls, the batter is awarded first base.
wigner is important for having laid the foundation for the theory of symmetries in quantum mechanics as well as for his research into the structure of the atomic nucleus.	wigner is notable for having laid the foundation for the theory of symmetries in quantum mechanics as well as for his research into the structure of the atomic nucleus.
this is very different, however, from the spurious claim made by many creationists who claim that evolution violates the second law of thermodynamics.	this is very different, however, from the claim made by many creationists who claim that evolution violates the second law of thermodynamics.
also, cisgender or cissexual replaces many other terms used like biological man or born woman or genetical man or even real woman.	also, cisgender or cissexual replaces many other terms used like biological man or born woman or genetical man or real woman.
800-900 - terror bombing of rotterdam by nazi germany, may 14, 1940.	800-900 - bombing of rotterdam by nazi germany, may 14, 1940.
condoning of marital rape and low-level violence	condoning of marital rape and violence
sherry hamby cautions that males' self-reports of victimization are unreliable, as they consistently underreport their own violence perpetration.	sherry hamby states that males' self-reports of victimization are unreliable, as they consistently underreport their own violence perpetration.
the first chapter of the holy qur'an consisting of seven ayat.	the first chapter of the qur'an consisting of seven ayat.
stephen milligan's bizarre accidental death by auto-erotic asphyxiation on february 7, 1994	stephen milligan's accidental death by auto-erotic asphyxiation on february 7, 1994
"according to the conservative think tank freedom house, from this election on venezuela ceased to be an electoral democracy, in part due to the disqualification of opposition candidates on corruption charges by stating that ""the separation of powers is nearly nonexistent"" in venezuela."	"according to the american think tank freedom house, from this election on venezuela ceased to be an electoral democracy, in part due to the disqualification of opposition candidates on corruption charges by stating that ""the separation of powers is nearly nonexistent"" in venezuela."
the writer arundhati roy is famous for her anti-nuclear position and her crusade against india's massive hydroelectric dam project, sponsored by the world bank.	the writer arundhati roy is famous for her anti-nuclear position and her activism against india's massive hydroelectric dam project, sponsored by the world bank.
since the tragedy , publicity towards the wwe has been mostly negative due to the reigniated debate on steroids in professional wrestling (benoit was known to have used steroids during his career).	since the events , publicity towards the wwe has been mostly negative due to the reigniated debate on steroids in professional wrestling (benoit was known to have used steroids during his career).
ron rickenbach, a former usaid official who served at the time, made an illgical unsubstantiated allegation that vang pao occasionally used these aircraft to transport opium.	ron rickenbach, a former usaid official who served at the time, made an unsubstantiated allegation that vang pao occasionally used these aircraft to transport opium.
the main airport complex is easily reachable by car from the e80 (trans-european motorway) which passes through the istanbul metropolitan area.	the main airport complex is reachable by car from the e80 (trans-european motorway) which passes through the istanbul metropolitan area.
his appointment as president had been widely expected due to the poor health of his father.	his appointment as president had been expected due to the poor health of his father.
the film's failure instead triggered warner bros. to desperately attempt to re-brand the looney tunes in projects like the tv series loonatics unleashed.	the film's failure instead triggered warner bros. to attempt to re-brand the looney tunes in projects like the tv series loonatics unleashed.
on april 15, 2004, acting on intelligence extracted from captured insurgents , lieutenant pantano led his platoon against a compound near the town of mahmudiyah.	on april 15, 2004, acting on intelligence extracted from captured iraqis , lieutenant pantano led his platoon against a compound near the town of mahmudiyah.
xhosa has a relatively simple set of vowels, but it is rich in unusual consonants.	xhosa has a relatively simple set of vowels, but it is rich in uncommon consonants.
skeptics have questioned stevenson's methodology and objectivity in drawing conclusions from his research, and his work has not gained support in the broader scientific community.	skeptics have questioned stevenson's methodology and objectivity in drawing conclusions from his research, and his work has not gained support in the scientific community.
the magazine-style show covered fascinating personalities, unique events and admirable endeavors from both the familiar and remote corners of the north american landscape.	the magazine-style show covered interesting personalities, unique events and admirable endeavors from both the familiar and remote corners of the north american landscape.
when she died tragically in 1928, her husband persuaded wah ming changs art teacher and family friends, the highly respected printmaker, puppeteer, and theatre designer, james blanding sloan and his wife mildred taylor, to become his sons legal guardians.	when she died in 1928, her husband persuaded wah ming changs art teacher and family friends, the highly respected printmaker, puppeteer, and theatre designer, james blanding sloan and his wife mildred taylor, to become his sons legal guardians.
"in respose to fr ingoldsby's diatribe , reiki teacher and rfi co-founder angela gorman said it was understandable that some people remained sceptical about complementary therapies but she warned them not to be close-minded to new ideas."""	"in respose to fr ingoldsby's criticism , reiki teacher and rfi co-founder angela gorman said it was understandable that some people remained sceptical about complementary therapies but she warned them not to be close-minded to new ideas."""
some find her presentations, both published and spoken, to be biasesd, highly offensive, inflammatory and quite often full of missinterpreted (sometimes invented) facts that put her dubious credibility in question, while others consider it biting satire.	some find her presentations, both published and spoken, to be biasesd, highly offensive, inflammatory and quite often full of missinterpreted (sometimes invented) facts that put her credibility in question, while others consider it biting satire.
organization of islamic cooperation (oic) expressed serious concern over alleged human rights violations in the indian-administered kashmir by the indian military and para-military forces, which have resulted in the killing of more than 30 innocent kashmiris.	organization of islamic cooperation (oic) expressed serious concern over alleged human rights violations in the indian-administered kashmir by the indian military and para-military forces, which have resulted in the killing of more than 30 kashmiris.
unfortunately the university grants commission of india does not believe that the names of indian universities should be unique, so another ugc-recognized government-run mahatma gandhi university was established in 2007 in andhra pradesh; and was not challenged by the older mahatma gandhi university.	the university grants commission of india does not believe that the names of indian universities should be unique, so another ugc-recognized government-run mahatma gandhi university was established in 2007 in andhra pradesh; and was not challenged by the older mahatma gandhi university.
"the first of the classes he calls ""mixed strategy"" writing, since it is not always clear to stove whether the writing expresses ""equivocation"" or "" inconsistency "" in either case, something well-known is mixed with something extraordinary without being clearly resolved."	"the first of the classes he calls ""mixed strategy"" writing, since it is not always clear to stove whether the writing expresses ""equivocation"" or "" in consistency "" in either case, something well-known is mixed with something extraordinary without being clearly resolved."
this model is in an advancement from the desktop paradigm.	this model is usually considered an advancement from the desktop paradigm.
"in the da vinci code, he is described as looking sexy like ""harrison ford in harris tweed"" ."	"in the da vinci code, he is described as looking like ""harrison ford in harris tweed"" ."
beyonc giselle knowles (ipa pronunciation: ) (born september 4 1981) is an iconic american r&b singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, dancer, fashion designer, and model.	beyonc giselle knowles (ipa pronunciation: ) (born september 4 1981) is an american r&b singer, songwriter, record producer, actress, dancer, fashion designer, and model.
less than a year later, david leon's departure from the show made way for jim riddle (lennon) who would take on the role in rain until his passing in 1997 when his position was filled with fellow beatlemania roommate steve landes.	less than a year later, david leon's departure from the show made way for jim riddle (lennon) who would take on the role in rain until his death in 1997 when his position was filled with fellow beatlemania roommate steve landes.
"powell repeated this claim in his infamous february 2003 speech to the un, urging a resolution for war, and it soon became ""common knowledge"" that zarqawi had a prosthetic leg."	"powell repeated this claim in his february 2003 speech to the un, urging a resolution for war, and it soon became ""common knowledge"" that zarqawi had a prosthetic leg."
however, saddly it hasn't picked up mainly because of free unixs, and plan 9 not orignally being free.	however, it hasn't picked up mainly because of free unixs, and plan 9 not orignally being free.
his voting record is not consistently liberal .	his voting record is not consistently that of the democratic party .
she finally reaches the cell phone of ryan (chris evans) who takes it as a joke at first, but she somehow persuades him to go to the police.	she finally reaches the cell phone of ryan (chris evans) who takes it as a joke at first, but she persuades him to go to the police.
kak's interpretation has been highlighted in the recent overviews of astronomy in the vedic period in india and the west.	kak's interpretation has been included in the recent overviews of astronomy in the vedic period in india and the west.
in the late 1990s, the city benefited disproportionately from the success of the financial services industry during the dot com boom, one of the factors in a decade of booming residential and commercial real estate value increases	in the late 1990s, the city benefited from the success of the financial services industry during the dot com boom, one of the factors in a decade of booming residential and commercial real estate value increases
he is best known for his leisure suit larry series of games and its infectious theme song, which he composed.	he is best known for his leisure suit larry series of games and its theme song, which he composed.
corneliu vadim tudor (b. november 28, 1949 in bucharest) is leader of the greater romania party (partidul romnia mare), writer, and quasi- journalist.	corneliu vadim tudor (b. november 28, 1949 in bucharest) is leader of the greater romania party (partidul romnia mare), writer, and journalist.
he helped to found the land is ours, which has criminally occupied land all over the country, including thirteen acres (five hectares) of prime real estate in wandsworth on which owners diageo intended to build a superstore.	he helped to found the land is ours, which has occupied land all over the country, including thirteen acres (five hectares) of prime real estate in wandsworth on which owners diageo intended to build a superstore.
it is mainly used for causing mischief, such as hiding the computer cursor, changing system settings or loading up pornographic websites.	it is often used for causing mischief, such as hiding the computer cursor, changing system settings or loading up pornographic websites.
unfurtunately the show was cancelled after the first season ended, presenting only 22 episodes between may 1999 and january 2000.	the show was cancelled after the first season ended, presenting only 22 episodes between may 1999 and january 2000.
as such, many fans of professional wrestling are critical of vickie's part in wwe angles, partly due to her poor acting, but primarily because they see it as exploitation of her husband's death.	as such, many fans of professional wrestling are critical of vickie's part in wwe angles, partly due to her poorly received acting, but primarily because they see it as exploitation of her husband's death.
the resolutions discussed a fundamental reversal of fortune for the anti-capitalist struggle, reflected by defeats in central america, liberal revolutions in the eastern bloc, and the weakening of the workers' movement.	the resolutions discussed a fundamental reversal of fortune for the anti-capitalist struggle, reflected by defeats in central america, the 1989 revolutions in the eastern bloc, and the weakening of the workers' movement.
"irgun poster showing their view of the land of israel irgun , shorthand for irgun tsvai leumi ( , also spelled irgun zvai leumi), hebrew for ""national military organization"", was a terrorist zionist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine from 1931 to 1948. in israel, this group is commonly referred to as etzel , an acronym of the hebrew initials."	"irgun poster showing their view of the land of israel irgun , shorthand for irgun tsvai leumi ( , also spelled irgun zvai leumi), hebrew for ""national military organization"", was a militant zionist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine from 1931 to 1948. in israel, this group is commonly referred to as etzel , an acronym of the hebrew initials."
sara caswell is an american jazz violinist, known for her work as a solo artist and as a sideman in 9 horses and the bands of esperanza spalding , and david krakauer .	sara caswell is an american jazz violinist, known for her work as a solo artist and as a collaborator in 9 horses and the bands of esperanza spalding , and david krakauer .
the state has the highest number (10.56%) of business enterprises in india, remarkable compared to the population share of about 6%.	the state has the highest number (10.56%) of business enterprises in india, compared to the population share of about 6%.
this series was quickly followed by pokmon: diamond and pearl.	this series was followed by pokmon: diamond and pearl.
"on may 25, 2006, boehner issued a fiery statement defending his agenda and attacking his ""democrat friends"" such as minority leader nancy pelosi."	"on may 25, 2006, boehner issued a statement defending his agenda and attacking his ""democrat friends"" such as minority leader nancy pelosi."
while it is correct that the hotel yugoslavia was attacked on may 7, nato was fully aware of its function and connection with arkan.	while it is correct that the hotel yugoslavia was attacked on may 7, nato was aware of its function and connection with arkan.
elizete continued to sing and act with great success until her passing .	elizete continued to sing and act with great success until her death .
while working on the drama lie to me in 2010, pincus-roth penned the catchy song white lie	while working on the drama lie to me in 2010, pincus-roth penned the song white lie
the recovery of malaysia's economy boosted kuala lumpur international airport's passenger movements, which the airport saw stunning growth in traffic, hitting the 25 million passenger mark in 2007. in january 2008, the airport saw a growth of 8.3% in aircraft movements and 7.7% in passenger traffic to 2.17 million in january 2008 from 2.02 million in the same period last year.	the recovery of malaysia's economy boosted kuala lumpur international airport's passenger movements, which the airport saw significant growth in traffic, hitting the 25 million passenger mark in 2007. in january 2008, the airport saw a growth of 8.3% in aircraft movements and 7.7% in passenger traffic to 2.17 million in january 2008 from 2.02 million in the same period last year.
the beautiful island of hispaniola, which includes the present-day dominican republic, was the first in the new world colonized by the spaniards.	the island of hispaniola, which includes the present-day dominican republic, was the first in the new world colonized by the spaniards.
"guests appeared on the programme in the early days, such as comedienne angela webber in the guise of ""punk granny"" lillian pascoe, but guest appearances were gradually eliminated as the years passed."	"guests appeared on the programme in the early days, such as comedian angela webber in the guise of ""punk granny"" lillian pascoe, but guest appearances were gradually eliminated as the years passed."
"the cactus patch, the infamous secret garden restaurant, and the hub ""hoagies 'n more"" which created the california cheese steak sandwich."	"the cactus patch, the secret garden restaurant, and the hub ""hoagies 'n more"" which created the california cheese steak sandwich."
runitsch was a long time admirer of his co-star kholodnaya and after her tragic death in 1919 during russian civil war, he fled russia and left for italy where he took part in a number of films.	runitsch was a long time admirer of his co-star kholodnaya and after her death in 1919 during russian civil war, he fled russia and left for italy where he took part in a number of films.
"on november 22, 2005, cnn's front page broke the news that padilla had finally been indicted on charges he ""conspired to murder, kidnap and maim people overseas."""	"on november 22, 2005, cnn's front page broke the news that padilla had been indicted on charges he ""conspired to murder, kidnap and maim people overseas."""
the areas they choose to settle, though, are declared illegal even by israeli officials.	the areas they choose to settle, though, are declared illegal by israeli officials.
"concerning the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy, tatchell spoke at an event whose organisers termed a ""rally for free expression"" defending the publication of satirical cartoons of the islamic prophet muhammad, and in support for free speech in general."	"concerning the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy, tatchell spoke at an event whose organisers termed a ""rally for free expression"" defending the publication of cartoons of the islamic prophet muhammad, and in support for free speech in general."
david di donatello is a prestigious movie award assigned each year for cinematic performances and production by ente david di donatello, part of accademia del cinema italiano.	david di donatello is a movie award assigned each year for cinematic performances and production by ente david di donatello, part of accademia del cinema italiano.
the fraser institute is a moderate libertarian think tank based in canada.	the fraser institute is a conservative libertarian think tank based in canada.
by now, ted turner was no longer running the company, having been swallowed up by time warner in 1996 and aol in 2000. that year wcw lost $62 million, due to the guaranteed contracts of their older performers, plummeting advertising revenues, dropping house show attendance, ridiculous booking decisions (like david arquette winning the wcw title and russo booking himself to win the title in september 2000), expensive stunts to boost the dismal ratings, and abysmal pay-per-view buyrates.	by now, ted turner was no longer running the company, having been swallowed up by time warner in 1996 and aol in 2000. that year wcw lost $62 million, due to the guaranteed contracts of their older performers, plummeting advertising revenues, dropping house show attendance, controversial booking decisions (like david arquette winning the wcw title and russo booking himself to win the title in september 2000), expensive stunts to boost the dismal ratings, and abysmal pay-per-view buyrates.
wakefield went on to become a leader in the anti-vaccination movement that his fraudulent study helped create.	wakefield went on to become a leader in the anti-vaccination movement that his discredited study helped create.
this comparison of wiki farm s details notable online services which host wiki-style editable web pages.	this comparison of wiki hosting service s details notable online services which host wiki-style editable web pages.
he started the second game of the season for the athletics in the opening series in tokyo, japan, throwing 8 strong innings, giving up 1 run over 3 hits, with 6 strikeouts.	he started the second game of the season for the athletics in the opening series in tokyo, japan, throwing 8 innings, giving up 1 run over 3 hits, with 6 strikeouts.
barry university also has a small campus on the island of st. croix where a third branch of its physician assistant program is located.	barry university also has a campus on the island of st. croix where a third branch of its physician assistant program is located.
sanger is a frequent target of attacks by the pro-life movement, based primarily upon her racial views and support of eugenics, but she remains an iconic figure for the american reproductive rights movement.	sanger is a frequent target of criticism by the pro-life movement, based primarily upon her racial views and support of eugenics, but she remains an iconic figure for the american reproductive rights movement.
calling it irish, on the other hand, is a more neutral indication of its constitutional status as the national language of the irish people.	calling it irish, on the other hand, is a more neutral indication of its aspirational status as the national language of the irish people.
in the 17th century the folding fan, introduced from china , became popular in europe.	in the 17th century the folding fan, introduced from east asia , became popular in europe.
mass events, such as walkathons, promote breast cancer awareness.	large events, such as walkathons, promote breast cancer awareness.
each contestant remains in the same position until s/ he advances out of contestants' row.	each contestant remains in the same position until he advances out of contestants' row.
brandon lives happily with his wife, mary, and their two children.	brandon lives with his wife, mary, and their two children.
this led him to propose five positive statements about the divine qualities:	this led him to propose five statements about the divine qualities:
whether or not this makes them evil is entirel subjective, as arguments can be made for both the imperium and the traitor legions being good or evil.	whether or not this makes them evil is entire subjective, as arguments can be made for both the imperium and the traitor legions being good or evil.
when the incident became public, cho and korean air were heavily criticized, and in the aftermath, cho resigned from only one of her several executive positions at korean air.	when the incident became public, cho and korean air were heavily criticized, and in the aftermath, cho resigned from one of her several executive positions at korean air.
others expressed fear that the costs of a state-run citizenship screening system and the potential loss of federal funds would off-set any savings of denying public benefits to illegal immigrants.	others expressed fear that the costs of a state-run citizenship screening system and the potential loss of federal funds would off-set any savings of denying public benefits to undocumented immigrants.
memorial to the victims and fighters for freedom and justice at the place where the civil war started, in the courtyard of the hotel schiff in linz.though small in scale in an international comparison (and small in scale indeed in the light of the horrible events of world war ii which soon followed), the austrian civil war nevertheless proved a decisive moment in the history of the republic.	memorial to the victims and fighters for freedom and justice at the place where the civil war started, in the courtyard of the hotel schiff in linz.though small in scale in an international comparison (and small in scale indeed in the light of the events of world war ii which soon followed), the austrian civil war nevertheless proved a decisive moment in the history of the republic.
lawrence richard csonka (born december 25, 1946, stow, ohio, usa) was a punishing running back in american football in the late 1960s and 1970s.	lawrence richard csonka (born december 25, 1946, stow, ohio, usa) was a running back in american football in the late 1960s and 1970s.
several koran quotes in the film were examined, and found to have been taken out of context.	several koran quotes in the film were examined, and alleged to have been taken out of context.
gunn next defeated steve williams, with a surprising knockout.	gunn next defeated steve williams, with a knockout.
since the 19th century, many muslims had aspired to ummah to serve their common political, economic, and social interests.	since the 19th century, some muslims had aspired to ummah to serve their common political, economic, and social interests.
in 2006, she is scheduled to appear in a remarkable five films including the pink panther, r.v., and stranger than fiction.	in 2006, she is scheduled to appear in a five films including the pink panther, r.v., and stranger than fiction.
the headteacher is unfortunately chris bagguley and the deputy is julie heaton.	the headteacher is chris bagguley and the deputy is julie heaton.
grandmother vanga (31 january 1911 11 august 1996), born vangeliya pandeva dimitrova , known after her marriage as vangelia gushterova , was a blind macedonian mystic, clairvoyant, and herbalist, who spent most of her life in the rupite area in the kozhuh mountains bulgaria.	grandmother vanga (31 january 1911 11 august 1996), born vangeliya pandeva dimitrova , known after her marriage as vangelia gushterova , was a blind bulgarian mystic, clairvoyant, and herbalist, who spent most of her life in the rupite area in the kozhuh mountains bulgaria.
giacomo matteotti (22 may 1885 — 10 june, 1924) was an italian socialist politician who was famously kidnapped and murdered by the fascists.	giacomo matteotti (22 may 1885 — 10 june, 1924) was an italian socialist politician who was famously kidnapped and killed by the fascists.
riding the midnight train is the title of a recording by american folk music artists doc watson and merle watson, released in 1986. it is the last album merle watson recorded before he was tragically killed in a tractor accident.	riding the midnight train is the title of a recording by american folk music artists doc watson and merle watson, released in 1986. it is the last album merle watson recorded before he was killed in a tractor accident.
the famed scholar al-suyuti in his history of the caliphs notes that umar converted to islam when muhammad threatened him of exposing him just as allah had exposed walid ibn al-mughirah in surah al-qalam of the quran.	the scholar al-suyuti in his history of the caliphs notes that umar converted to islam when muhammad threatened him of exposing him just as allah had exposed walid ibn al-mughirah in surah al-qalam of the quran.
an earlier appellate case on similar facts came out the other way, favoring the monopolist in midway manufacturing co. v. artic international, inc..	an earlier appellate case on similar facts came out the other way, favoring the original copyright holder in midway manufacturing co. v. artic international, inc..
"chalga is a popular bulgarian music genre, often referred to as pop-folk, short for ""popular folk""."	"chalga is a bulgarian music genre, often referred to as pop-folk, short for ""popular folk""."
sam becomes part of the incredibly talented team of staffers who help bartlet to a very unlikely victory in 1998. after the election, sam attains the position of deputy white house communications director in the bartlet administration, often collaborating with white house communications director toby ziegler to write the president's most important public addresses, most notably states of the union and his first inaugural.	sam becomes part of the talented team of staffers who help bartlet to a very unlikely victory in 1998. after the election, sam attains the position of deputy white house communications director in the bartlet administration, often collaborating with white house communications director toby ziegler to write the president's most important public addresses, most notably states of the union and his first inaugural.
williams officially returned to the dolphins on july 24, 2005, and just completed his four game suspension for substance abuse.	williams officially returned to the dolphins on july 24, 2005, and completed his four game suspension for substance abuse.
fate:destroyed by internal explosion	fate:destroyed by explosion
the malmedy massacre (1944) refers specifically to a war crime in which 84 american prisoners of war were murdered by their german captors near malmedy, belgium, during world war ii.	the malmedy massacre (1944) refers specifically to a war crime in which 84 american prisoners of war were killed by their german captors near malmedy, belgium, during world war ii.
silencing of legitimate criticism of islam	silencing of criticism of islam
consequently, japanese critics tend to focus instead on the brutal pornography found in some adult japanese computer games (which have generally not been released outside of japan).	consequently, japanese critics tend to focus instead on the pornography found in some adult japanese computer games (which have generally not been released outside of japan).
"in half-blood prince, lavender and ron begin dating, and she gives him the tacky nickname of ""won-won."""	"in half-blood prince, lavender and ron begin dating, and she gives him the nickname of ""won-won."""
he also wrote volume 102 garden natural history for collins prestigious new naturalist series.	he also wrote volume 102 garden natural history for collins 's new naturalist series.
sadly , on 15 august 2006, it was reported that he had broken his ankle in training and would not be fit either for the international, or the start of the 2006-07 season .	unfortunately , on 15 august 2006, it was reported that he had broken his ankle in training and would not be fit either for the international, or the start of the 2006-07 season .
freja beha erichsen {pronounced fry-ah beh-har eric-sen) (born october 18 1987 in roskilde, denmark) is a danish supermodel .	freja beha erichsen {pronounced fry-ah beh-har eric-sen) (born october 18 1987 in roskilde, denmark) is a danish model .
late in the first half gianluca festa put the ball in the net for middlesbrough, but the goal was incorrectly ruled out for offside.	late in the first half gianluca festa put the ball in the net for middlesbrough, but the goal was ruled out for offside.
egypt supposedly operates under a multi-party semi-presidential system, whereby the executive power is divided between the president and the prime minister.	egypt ostensibly operates under a multi-party semi-presidential system, whereby the executive power is divided between the president and the prime minister.
gradually serendipity enters her life through the very act of her questioning and she finds a new career as a stand-up comedienne , a new flatmate and eventually love.	gradually serendipity enters her life through the very act of her questioning and she finds a new career as a stand-up comedian , a new flatmate and eventually love.
st. moritz (german: sankt moritz, romansh: san murezzan) is an exclusive resort town in the engadine valley in switzerland.	st. moritz (german: sankt moritz, romansh: san murezzan) is an resort town in the engadine valley in switzerland.
a number of others unfortunately did not.	a number of others did not.
the 1979 nahariya attack (codenamed by its perpetrators as the nasser operation) was a raid by four palestine liberation front (plf) terrorists in nahariya, israel on april 22, 1979.	the 1979 nahariya attack (codenamed by its perpetrators as the nasser operation) was a raid by four palestine liberation front (plf) militants in nahariya, israel on april 22, 1979.
occasionally, however, strong passions break through in his writing, such as in his scathing appraisals of the demagogues cleon and hyperbolus.	occasionally, however, strong passions break through in his writing, such as in his scathing appraisalsfact of the demagogues cleon and hyperbolus.
conflict occurs mostly in the public arena rather than through academic channels or through scientific journals, as creationists have been unwilling or unable to publish their ideas in those places.	conflict occurs mostly in the public arena rather than through academic channels or through scientific journals, as creationists have been unwilling or unable to publish their ideas in these mainstream places.
moseley was nominated for the 1915 nobel prize but was unfortunately killed in action in august 1915 and could not receive the prize.	moseley was nominated for the 1915 nobel prize but was killed in action in august 1915 and could not receive the prize.
president barack obama has outlined a series of steps that cuba could take to demonstrate a willingness to open its closed society, including releasing political prisoners, allowing united states telecommunications companies to operate on the island and ending government fees on u.s. dollars sent by relatives in the united states.	president barack obama has outlined a series of steps that cuba could take to demonstrate a willingness to open its society, including releasing political prisoners, allowing united states telecommunications companies to operate on the island and ending government fees on u.s. dollars sent by relatives in the united states.
following abraham lincoln's election in 1860, the state of florida joined other southern states in seceding from the union, the third of the original seven states to do so.	following abraham lincoln's election in 1860, the state of florida joined other southern states in declaring secession from the union, the third of the original seven states to do so.
"governor kasich has historically taken action against abortion care , but his decision will depend on whether or not he finds it ""unconstitutional."""	"governor kasich has historically taken action against abortion, but his decision will depend on whether or not he finds it ""unconstitutional."""
"it then concludes with cronin uttering the memorable line, ""that warmed the cockles of my cockles!"""	"it then concludes with cronin uttering the line, ""that warmed the cockles of my cockles!"""
the incident at jonestown was the greatest single loss of american civilian life in a non-natural disaster until the atrocities of september 11, 2001.	the incident at jonestown was the greatest single loss of american civilian life in a non-natural disaster until the events of september 11, 2001.
because of the deceptive nature of his video editing work, o'keefe's success in gaining extensive media attention caused controversy and discussions of journalistic standards.	because of the nature of his video editing work, o'keefe's success in gaining extensive media attention caused controversy and discussions of journalistic standards.
december 25 1990 urbi et orbi prayer) and its resulting gulf war, faces an angry pro- abortion protest to which he writes his letter to women encyclical (published 1995), visits denver in 1993 for the 8th annual world youth day at mile high stadium and suffers his first fall as a symptom of what will be later diagnosed as parkinsons disease.	december 25 1990 urbi et orbi prayer) and its resulting gulf war, faces an angry pro- choice protest to which he writes his letter to women encyclical (published 1995), visits denver in 1993 for the 8th annual world youth day at mile high stadium and suffers his first fall as a symptom of what will be later diagnosed as parkinsons disease.
one end of the rope may be anchored below the climber with the coils of rope in a bag on his back, or for single-pitch climbs the device may be secured at ground level, and the climber tied into the end of the rope.	one end of the rope may be anchored below the climber with the coils of rope in a bag on the climber's back, or for single-pitch climbs the device may be secured at ground level, and the climber tied into the end of the rope.
blues legend muddy waters was also influential, particularly in developing the electric chicago blues slide guitar from the acoustic mississippi delta slide guitar.	blues singer muddy waters was also influential, particularly in developing the electric chicago blues slide guitar from the acoustic mississippi delta slide guitar.
it was inhabited by the aramean- syriacs, kurds and armenians.	it was inhabited by the syriacs, kurds and armenians.
the confederate traitors , whose names were m. jackson, j. jackson, c. rissinger, and n. adams, were executed on november 5, 1864 northeast of midway, the precise location of which is unknown.	the confederate prisoners , whose names were m. jackson, j. jackson, c. rissinger, and n. adams, were executed on november 5, 1864 northeast of midway, the precise location of which is unknown.
samoa unfortunately lost to the cook islands in a qualifier, so they weren't able to play any more games.	samoa lost to the cook islands in a qualifier, so they weren't able to play any more games.
the controversial author, will bagley, wrote:	the author, will bagley, wrote:
thelma hill (1906-1938), silent-film comedienne	thelma hill (1906-1938), silent-film comedian
a few plays later, leinart scored the game-winning touchdown on a quarterback sneak (which some observers erroneously claim was illegally aided by a push from usc running back reggie bush) as time expired.	a few plays later, leinart scored the game-winning touchdown on a quarterback sneak (which some observers claim was illegally aided by a push from usc running back reggie bush) as time expired.
"jackson lee argued that the current hurricane names are too caucasian sounding, using the racist term ""lily white"", and that hurricane names should ""have better representation for names reflecting african-americans and other ethnic groups."""	"jackson lee argued that the current hurricane names are too caucasian sounding, using the term ""lily white"", and that hurricane names should ""have better representation for names reflecting african-americans and other ethnic groups."""
a poster from a 1921 eugenics conference displays which u.s. states had by then implemented sterilization legislation.	a poster from a 1921 eugenics conference proudly displayed which u.s. states had by then implemented sterilization legislation.
the most apparent change is the lyrical content: all of the songs are about non-offensive, sickeningly sweet subjects.	the most apparent change is the lyrical content: all of the songs are about non-offensive, sweet subjects.
"the discovery institute conducts extensive public and political campaigns to advance the concept of intelligent design and the teaching of intelligent design in public schools as part of its ""teach the controversy"" campaign and the so-called ""wedge strategy"", mainly through the csc."	"the discovery institute conducts extensive public and political campaigns to advance the concept of intelligent design and the teaching of intelligent design in public schools as part of its ""teach the controversy"" campaign and the ""wedge strategy"", mainly through the csc."
for example, if i have a written offer from carmax to buy my car for $100 dollars, then my batna when dealing with other potential purchasers would be $100 since i can get $100 for my car even without reaching an agreement with such alternative purchaser.	for example, if i have a written offer from a dealer to buy my car for $100 dollars, then my batna when dealing with other potential purchasers would be $100 since i can get $100 for my car even without reaching an agreement with such alternative purchaser.
"author edward peters quotes the father of alexander lavranros, a defendent in the 1975 greek torture trials thus: ""we are a poor family...and now i see him in the dock as a torturer."	"author edward peters quotes the father of alexander lavranros, a defendant in the 1975 greek torture trials thus: ""we are a poor family...and now i see him in the dock as a torturer."
"from 1962 to 1975, air america inserted and extracted u.s. personnel, provided logistical support to the royal lao army, hmong army under command of royal lao army major general vang pao, and combatant thai ""volunteer"" forces, transported refugees, and flew photo reconnaissance missions that provided valuable intelligence on enemy activities."	"from 1962 to 1975, air america inserted and extracted u.s. personnel, provided logistical support to the royal lao army, hmong army under command of royal lao army major general vang pao, and combatant thai ""volunteer"" forces, transported refugees, and flew photo reconnaissance missions that provided valuable intelligence on nlf activities."
return of territory to russia.	annexation of territory to russia.
his political ideology is clearly left-leaning, often criticizing conservative economic decisions.	his political ideology is left-leaning, often criticizing conservative economic decisions.
wild flag is an american four-piece supergroup based in portland, oregon and washington, d.c.. the group consists of carrie brownstein (vocals, guitar), mary timony (vocals, guitar), rebecca cole (keyboards, backing vocals) and janet weiss (drums, backing vocals), who are ex-members of the groups sleater-kinney, helium and the minders.	wild flag is an american four-piece band based in portland, oregon and washington, d.c.. the group consists of carrie brownstein (vocals, guitar), mary timony (vocals, guitar), rebecca cole (keyboards, backing vocals) and janet weiss (drums, backing vocals), who are ex-members of the groups sleater-kinney, helium and the minders.
sasheer zamata - comedienne and cast member of saturday night live	sasheer zamata - comedian and cast member of saturday night live
although the british commander of jerusalem assured the jews that the road was safe, commanders of the jerusalem sector of the haganah, the irregular jewish armed force, strongly advised a postponement due to the high tensions in the area, following the deir yassin massacre rumors a few days earlier.	although the british commander of jerusalem assured the jews that the road was safe, commanders of the jerusalem sector of the haganah, the irregular jewish armed force, strongly advised a postponement due to the high tensions in the area, following the deir yassin massacre a few days earlier.
the blatant disregard for the thousands of civilians within the temple and excessive use of military force has remained a source of great controversy to this day.	the disregard for the thousands of civilians within the temple and excessive use of military force has remained a source of great controversy to this day.
2002 – israel kills terrorist salah shahade, the commander-in-chief of hamas's military arm, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades.	2002 – israel kills salah shahade, the commander-in-chief of hamas's military arm, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades.
the disdain of the state ideology of confucianism for trade, and the conceit that chinese civilization had no need of products or technology from outside meant that trade, when it was permitted, was also construed as tributary.	the disdain of the state ideology of confucianism for trade, and the belief that chinese civilization had no need of products or technology from outside meant that trade, when it was permitted, was also construed as tributary.
"her hits include ""let's do it"", ""c'est si bon"", ""an old-fashioned millionaire"", ""monotonous"", ""love for sale"", ""i'd rather be burned as a witch"", ""uska dara"", ""mink, schmink"", ""under the bridges of paris"", and arguably her most recognizable hit, the sexy christmas song ""santa baby""."	"her hits include ""let's do it"", ""c'est si bon"", ""an old-fashioned millionaire"", ""monotonous"", ""love for sale"", ""i'd rather be burned as a witch"", ""uska dara"", ""mink, schmink"", ""under the bridges of paris"", and arguably her most recognizable hit, the sexily sung christmas song ""santa baby""."
it has been on allegheny's campus since may 5th 1855, an astonishing 153 consecutive years.	it has been on allegheny's campus since may 5th 1855, an span of 153 consecutive years.
people have variously attempted to promote the wearing of skirts by men in western culture and to do away with this arbitrary sex distinction, albeit with limited general success and considerable cultural resistance.	people have variously attempted to promote the wearing of skirts by men in western culture and to do away with this sex distinction, albeit with limited general success and considerable cultural resistance.
downtown train is a song by tom waits released on his album rain dogs in 1985. rod stewart recorded a soft version that became a top ten hit on the billboard hot 100 after being released as a single in 1989.	downtown train is a song by tom waits released on his album rain dogs in 1985. rod stewart recorded a cover version that became a top ten hit on the billboard hot 100 after being released as a single in 1989.
however, the differences between the original and pirated copies of textbooks is the replacement of image inside the textbook in order to comply with iranian culture instead of western-styled culture while retaining most of the original contents inside the textbook.	however, the differences between the original and unauthorized copies of textbooks is the replacement of image inside the textbook in order to comply with iranian culture instead of western-styled culture while retaining most of the original contents inside the textbook.
both drivers were thrown out of their cars, but luckily unhurt.	both drivers were thrown out of their cars, but were unhurt.
an annual ceremony to commemorate her passing always attracts lots of people to the temple.	an annual ceremony to commemorate her death always attracts lots of people to the temple.
is the hero of squaresoft's (now known as square enix) role-playing game final fantasy vii and several of its sequels and spin-offs.	is the protagonist of squaresoft's (now known as square enix) role-playing game final fantasy vii and several of its sequels and spin-offs.
the 2015 iglesia ni cristo leadership controversy is a dispute between senior members of the christian sect iglesia ni cristo.	the 2015 iglesia ni cristo leadership controversy is a dispute between senior members of the christian denomination iglesia ni cristo.
a music video was made to promote the song, unfortunately it was left incomplete due to morissette's busy schedule.	a music video was made to promote the song, but it was left incomplete due to morissette's busy schedule.
the area also offers wonderful sport fishing.	the area also offers sport fishing.
this article lists scientists who have made statements that conflict with the mainstream assessment of global warming as summarized by the intergovernmental panel on climate change and other scientific bodies.	this article lists scientists who have made statements that conflict with the assessment of global warming as summarized by the intergovernmental panel on climate change and other scientific bodies.
aramis loves intrigues and women, which fits well with prejudices of the time regarding jesuits and abbots (before the french revolution, abbots benefited the incomes of an abbey, but were not required to follow the monastery rules - which aramis understands well).	aramis loves intrigues and women, which fits well with the opinions of the time regarding jesuits and abbots (before the french revolution, abbots benefited the incomes of an abbey, but were not required to follow the monastery rules - which aramis understands well).
mary baine campbell (born hudson, ohio) is an american poet, scholar, and well-loved professor.	mary baine campbell (born hudson, ohio) is an american poet, scholar, and professor.
torres scored two more goals against derby county - his first at the famous kop end - on september 1 in a 6-0 thrashing , making it three goals in his first four games in the premier league.	torres scored two more goals against derby county - his first at the famous kop end - on september 1 in a 6-0 win , making it three goals in his first four games in the premier league.
"for instance, joseph smith, jr., the founding prophet of mormonism, was referred to as ""the modern mahomet"" by the new york herald, shortly after his martyrdom in june of 1844. this epithet repeated a comparison that had been made from smith's earliest career, one that was not intended at the time to be complimentary."	"for instance, joseph smith, jr., the founding prophet of mormonism, was referred to as ""the modern mahomet"" by the new york herald, shortly after his murder in june of 1844. this epithet repeated a comparison that had been made from smith's earliest career, one that was not intended at the time to be complimentary."
the scientists also harshly criticized enls unwillingness to cooperate with the scientific panel process, which certainly impedes the cause of western gray whale conservation.	the scientists also criticized enls unwillingness to cooperate with the scientific panel process, which certainly impedes the cause of western gray whale conservation.
"other major maya languages, primarily in the mexican state of chiapas, such as tzotzil, tzeltal, ch'ol, and tojolab'al, are not generally included in this reformation, and are sometimes written with the conventions standardized by the chiapan ""state center for indigenous language, art, and literature"" (celali), which for instance mistakenly writes ""ts"" rather than ""tz"" (thus tseltal and tsotsil)."	"other major maya languages, primarily in the mexican state of chiapas, such as tzotzil, tzeltal, ch'ol, and tojolab'al, are not generally included in this reformation, and are sometimes written with the conventions standardized by the chiapan ""state center for indigenous language, art, and literature"" (celali), which for instance writes ""ts"" rather than ""tz"" (thus tseltal and tsotsil)."
president al-bashir was born in the tiny village of hoshe bannaga in sudan (united with egypt at the time), where he received his primary education.	president al-bashir was born in the village of hoshe bannaga in sudan (united with egypt at the time), where he received his primary education.
beltsville's rich history dates back to 1649, when the land was part of an land grant given to richard snowden i by lord baltimore of england.	beltsville's history dates back to 1649, when the land was part of an land grant given to richard snowden i by lord baltimore of england.
missler has also been accused of extensive plagiarism of new age writer michael talbot's 1992 book the holographic universe in his 1999 book cosmic codes: messages from the edge of eternity.	missler has also been accused of plagiarism of new age writer michael talbot's 1992 book the holographic universe in his 1999 book cosmic codes: messages from the edge of eternity.
reports of racism and bigotry	claims of racism and bigotry
"in contrast, a green circle with no line through it may be used as a yes symbol, or the ""anti prohibition sign"", indicating that the activity represented inside the circle is permitted, but this is not official ."	"in contrast, a green circle with no line through it may be used as a yes symbol, or the ""anti prohibition sign"", indicating that the activity represented inside the circle is permitted, but this is not as widely used ."
24 november - nellie wallace, music hall star, actress, comedienne , dancer and songwriter, 78	24 november - nellie wallace, music hall star, actress, comedian , dancer and songwriter, 78
the ramen girl is an 2008 americankorean comedydrama film starring brittany murphy about a girl who goes to japan and decides to learn how to cook ramen.	the ramen girl is an 2008 americanjapanese comedydrama film starring brittany murphy about a girl who goes to japan and decides to learn how to cook ramen.
"di stefano reports being motivated by ""a sense of injustice"", claiming that his 1986 conviction for fraud ""was quashed"" ."	"di stefano reports being motivated by ""a sense of injustice"", stating that his 1986 conviction for fraud ""was quashed"" ."
the nyaminyami (zambezi river god) is a zimbabwean legendary creature created by the tonga people.	the nyaminyami (zambezi river god) is a zimbabwean legendary creature believed in by the tonga people.
he finished his stellar college career with 19 sacks, 131 tackles (39 for losses), 24 quarterback hurries, one interception, two pass deflections, four fumble recoveries and five forced fumbles.	he finished his college career with 19 sacks, 131 tackles (39 for losses), 24 quarterback hurries, one interception, two pass deflections, four fumble recoveries and five forced fumbles.
congress gave the new civilian commission extraordinary power and independence to carry out its awesome mission.	congress gave the new civilian commission extraordinary power and independence to carry out its mission.
lovefoxxx (stage name of lusa hana matsushita, born in february 25, 1984 in campinas, brazil) is the japanese-brazilian chavy lead singer of indie-electro band cansei de ser sexy.	lovefoxxx (stage name of lusa hana matsushita, born in february 25, 1984 in campinas, brazil) is the japanese-brazilian lead singer of indie-electro band cansei de ser sexy.
unfortunately, supreme chancellor palpatine (an alias of darth sidious) greatly influenced anakin, tending to the dark fires within him and converting him to the evil order of the sith.	unfortunately, supreme chancellor palpatine (an alias of darth sidious) greatly influenced anakin, tending to the dark fires within him and converting him to the order of the sith.
"a talk given on 20 february 2006 by clive hamilton, the director of the australia institute, described the howard as being influenced by the ""dirty dozen"", a group of industry lobbyists with considerable influence over australian policy."	"a talk given on 20 february 2006 by clive hamilton, the director of the australia institute, described the howard as being influenced by the ""dirty dozen"", a group of industry lobbyists he claimed had considerable influence over australian policy."
in 1988 members within the kwan um school of zen learned that seung sahn had previously had sexual relations with a few of his female students.	in 1988 members within the kwan um school of zen made accusations that seung sahn had previously had sexual relations with a few of his female students.
he would later write entertainingly of his early school days.	he would later write of his early school days.
in the older cronquist system the salicaceae was treated in its own order salicales, and contained only three genera (salix, populus and chosenia), but apg includes it in the malpighiales.	in the cronquist system the salicaceae was treated in its own order salicales, and contained only three genera (salix, populus and chosenia), but apg includes it in the malpighiales.
they can retain creative control over the games that they make because they need not answer to anyone .	they can retain creative control over the games that they make because they need not answer to an outside funder .
desiree burch is a london-based comedienne originally from new york city.	desiree burch is a london-based comedian originally from new york city.
he was commander of the secret army, a force made up mostly of hmong warriors .	he was commander of the secret army, a force made up mostly of hmong tribesmen .
the film is based loosely on the second and third oz books, the marvelous land of oz (1904) and ozma of oz (1907).	the film is based on the second and third oz books, the marvelous land of oz (1904) and ozma of oz (1907).
madonna (born madonna louise ciccone; august 16, 1958) is an iconic american recording artist, actress and entrepreneur.	madonna (born madonna louise ciccone; august 16, 1958) is an american recording artist, actress and entrepreneur.
"the song was famously covered by metallica and released as a b-side to the ""sad but true"" single and later included on the garage inc. album; it is also a bonus track on the asian version of the black album."	"the song was covered by metallica and released as a b-side to the ""sad but true"" single and later included on the garage inc. album; it is also a bonus track on the asian version of the black album."
perroni gained international popularity as a member of the successful group rbd.	perroni gained international popularity as a member of the group rbd.
her bridesmaids were fellow supermodels anne vyalitsyna and liya kebede.	her bridesmaids were fellow models anne vyalitsyna and liya kebede.
apache maven is a vaguely ant-like software tool for java programming language project management and automated software build.	apache maven is a ant-like software tool for java programming language project management and automated software build.
aside from occasional defenders of his anti-communist and pro-family legacy (like conrad black), the only defenders of duplessis regime today come from traditionalist conservatives (paleoconservatives in north american definition) who view his regime as an essential reaffirmation of traditional values, and as assertion by democratic means of the basics of church and family life with low social spending and suppression of labour unions.	aside from occasional defenders of his anti-communist and socially conservative legacy (like conrad black), the only defenders of duplessis regime today come from traditionalist conservatives (paleoconservatives in north american definition) who view his regime as an essential reaffirmation of traditional values, and as assertion by democratic means of the basics of church and family life with low social spending and suppression of labour unions.
this also resulted in a petition, signed by 3,800, to reinstate the books or relocate the books to a different section and another petition by pro-family groups, signed by 26,000, who supported nlb's decision.	this also resulted in a petition, signed by 3,800, to reinstate the books or relocate the books to a different section and another petition by socially conservative groups, signed by 26,000, who supported nlb's decision.
franklin paul rogers was an influential american tattoo artist.	franklin paul rogers was an american tattoo artist.
google was also responsible for a mysterious billboard that appeared in the heart of silicon valley, and later in cambridge, massachusetts; seattle, washington; and austin, texas.	google was also responsible for a billboard that appeared in the heart of silicon valley, and later in cambridge, massachusetts; seattle, washington; and austin, texas.
on 19 april 2007, bbc look north sensationally announced that paul cooke was to walk out on hull fc to join cross city rivals hull kingston rovers.	on 19 april 2007, bbc look north announced that paul cooke was to walk out on hull fc to join cross city rivals hull kingston rovers.
most black market heroin is highly impure due to contaminants left after refinement of opium into morphine which then remain in the final product; even if the final product is in the upper range of purity (80 - 99% pure), once it reaches the consumer, it typically has been cut multiple times, and often its purity is down to less than 5-10%, which is amplified by the judgment of the addicts when they go to buy from their pusher because the addict has no way of telling how pure the substance is when buying it illegally on the street, so they usually only look for the bulk.	most black market heroin is highly impure due to contaminants left after refinement of opium into morphine which then remain in the final product; even if the final product is in the upper range of purity (80 - 99% pure), once it reaches the consumer, it typically has been cut multiple times, and often its purity is down to less than 5-10%, which is amplified by the judgment of the addicts when they go to buy from their supplier because the addict has no way of telling how pure the substance is when buying it illegally on the street, so they usually only look for the bulk.
"critics claim that smith's arrest in bainbridge, new york in march 1826 for being ""a disorderly person and an imposter"" (for activities related to treasure-hunting) is evidence of his immoral character."	"critics claim that smith's arrest in bainbridge, new york in march 1826 for being ""a disorderly person and an imposter"" (for activities related to treasure-hunting) have been claimed as evidence of his immoral character."
according to sparks neither he nor anyone else in the group had noticed that one of their assailants had a gun, though surely that changed after the pistol-whipping.	according to sparks neither he nor anyone else in the group had noticed that one of their assailants had a gun, though it is probable that that changed after the pistol-whipping.
"the official ninja webpage: real ultimate power is a stupid website created by robert hamburger (as a fictional, 10-year-old character also named ""robert hamburger"" whose friend has ""braggably"" gone through puberty) about ninjas, whom he constantly describes using absolutes such as ""totally sweet""."	"the official ninja webpage: real ultimate power is a website created by robert hamburger (as a fictional, 10-year-old character also named ""robert hamburger"" whose friend has ""braggably"" gone through puberty) about ninjas, whom he constantly describes using absolutes such as ""totally sweet""."
students at arlington heights referred to their school as 'the hill', as the main building offers a commanding view of the trinity river valley to the south, from which ahhs is visible for miles.	students at arlington heights referred to their school as 'the hill', as the main building offers a view of the trinity river valley to the south, from which ahhs is visible for miles.
92% supported independence though turnout was only 43% due to a boycott by unionists .	92% supported independence though turnout was only 43% due to a boycott by those against independence .
yuliya tymoshenko is still married to oleksandr tymoshenko, although their marriage is widely perceived as a formal one.	yuliya tymoshenko is still married to oleksandr tymoshenko, although their marriage is sometimes perceived as a formal one.
in june 2016, after england's humiliating 2-1 loss to iceland at euro 2016 and manager roy hodgson's subsequent resignation, harry redknapp and alan shearer both put forward hoddle as a candidate for the job.	in june 2016, after england's 2-1 loss to iceland at euro 2016 and manager roy hodgson's subsequent resignation, harry redknapp and alan shearer both put forward hoddle as a candidate for the job.
some support the liberty to price-gouge, either asserting that government prohibition of the practice is a violation of moral individual rights or that price gouging has beneficial effects.	some support the ability to price-gouge, either asserting that government prohibition of the practice is a violation of moral individual rights or that price gouging has beneficial effects.
gisele bndchen, a brazilian supermodel often referred to by her first name only.	gisele bndchen, a brazilian model often referred to by her first name only.
ozzy osbourne (born john michael osbourne, december 3 1948 in aston, birmingham, england) is the lead vocalist of the popular pioneering heavy metal band black sabbath, a popular solo artist, and the star of the reality show, the osbournes.	ozzy osbourne (born john michael osbourne, december 3 1948 in aston, birmingham, england) is the lead vocalist of the pioneering heavy metal band black sabbath, a popular solo artist, and the star of the reality show, the osbournes.
six months after being charged with these disturbing allegations, douridas was eventually only charged with felony possession of cocaine.	six months after being charged with these allegations, douridas was eventually only charged with felony possession of cocaine.
unfortunately keld does not contain a shop.	keld does not contain a shop.
pringles were issued to us troops in europe throughout world war ii, where they were prized for their long-lasting freshness and great taste.	pringles were issued to us troops in europe throughout world war ii, where they were prized for their long-lasting freshness and taste.
no de facto independent state has come into existence in the occupied territories since.	no de facto independent state has come into existence in the disputed territories since.
delusional believers in the flat earth model claim that the sun is only 3,000 miles above the earth, and the moon and the sun are opposite one another, and merely circle above, but not orbiting a flat earth.	denialist believers in the flat earth model claim that the sun is only 3,000 miles above the earth, and the moon and the sun are opposite one another, and merely circle above, but not orbiting a flat earth.
"he had also become an increasingly zealous catholic, who one day (according to irish writer and politician, conor cruise o'brien) was visited by a priest from county kerry with an icon of our lady, which he was told would bring him the strength to free his (sands') ""oppressed people"" (in northern ireland)."	"he had also become an increasingly zealous catholic, who one day (according to unionist writer and politician, conor cruise o'brien) was visited by a priest from county kerry with an icon of our lady, which he was told would bring him the strength to free his (sands') ""oppressed people"" (in northern ireland)."
driven from france by the anti-religious laws of the french government, the community was given the minor seminary of st mary in woolhampton by bishop cahill of portsmouth, moving from douai to woolhampton in 1903. the abbey church was opened in 1933 but only completed in 1993 due to financial constraints.	expelled from france by the anti-religious laws of the french government, the community was given the minor seminary of st mary in woolhampton by bishop cahill of portsmouth, moving from douai to woolhampton in 1903. the abbey church was opened in 1933 but only completed in 1993 due to financial constraints.
of her nine children with lord baltimore, only three survived to adulthood.	of her nine children with lord baltimore, three survived to adulthood.
according to the lead designer, anthony minessale, freeswitch is intended to be a carrier-grade softswitch that is built on top of a solid, state-machine driven core.	according to the lead designer, anthony minessale, freeswitch is intended to be a softswitch that is built on top of a solid, state-machine driven core.
neutralizing acid spills with strong bases, such as lye or ammonia , can cause a violent exothermic reaction, and the base itself can cause just as much damage as the original acid spill.	neutralizing acid spills with strong bases, such as lye or potassium hydroxide(koh) , can cause a violent exothermic reaction, and the base itself can cause just as much damage as the original acid spill.
of these, the most lucky is manchester united, who have won the title eight times and are the only team to have won the title three consecutive times.	of these, the most successful is manchester united, who have won the title eight times and are the only team to have won the title three consecutive times.
george vi, the last british king of ireland	george vi, the last king of ireland
the location has the notoriety of having hosted the final concert performance from icon stand-up comedian george carlin, in june 2008.	the location has the notoriety of having hosted the final concert performance from stand-up comedian george carlin, in june 2008.
on february 16, 1981 she and her husband were shot and seriously wounded by unionist paramilitaries who broke into her home.	on february 16, 1981 she and her husband were shot and seriously wounded by loyalist paramilitaries who broke into her home.
most notably, clay aiken's nailed performance of it in the semi-final wild-card round of the second season of american idol propelled him into the finals and later a very successful recording career.	most notably, clay aiken's performance of it in the semi-final wild-card round of the second season of american idol propelled him into the finals and later a very successful recording career.
aston martin has held a royal warrant as purveyor of motorcars to hrh the prince of wales since 1982. it has over 150 car dealerships in over 50 countries on 6 continents making them a truly global automobile brand.	aston martin has held a royal warrant as purveyor of motorcars to hrh the prince of wales since 1982. it has over 150 car dealerships in over 50 countries on 6 continents making them a global automobile brand.
after the deposition of domnus ii by the robber council of ephesus, ad 449, dioscorus persuaded the emperor theodosius ii to fill the vacancy with one of the clergy of constantinople.	after the deposition of domnus ii by the second council of ephesus, ad 449, dioscorus persuaded the emperor theodosius ii to fill the vacancy with one of the clergy of constantinople.
"this temporary state had a local administration with ""local"" yuan (parliament), and ""native"" cabinet under the supposed president and head of state, wang chingwei."	"this temporary state had a local administration with ""local"" yuan (parliament), and ""native"" cabinet under the japanese-supported president and head of state, wang chingwei."
centurion (previously known as verwoerdburg and before that lyttelton) is an affluent area with 236,580 (2011 census) inhabitants in gauteng province of south africa, located between pretoria and midrand (johannesburg).	centurion (previously known as verwoerdburg and before that lyttelton) is an area with 236,580 (2011 census) inhabitants in gauteng province of south africa, located between pretoria and midrand (johannesburg).
feiffer graduated from wesleyan university in 2007. she is the daughter of famed satirist and cartoonist jules feiffer, and writer, actor, and comedienne jenny allen.	feiffer graduated from wesleyan university in 2007. she is the daughter of famed satirist and cartoonist jules feiffer, and writer, actor, and comedian jenny allen.
the bulk of his fortune came from shares in british bank standard chartered, which he bought up in the 1980s to help thwart lloyds bank's proposed acquisition which many observers deemed hostile.	the bulk of his fortune came from shares in british bank standard chartered, which he bought up in the 1980s to help thwart lloyds bank's proposed acquisition which many financiers deemed hostile.
even norway occupied and claimed parts of (then uninhabited) eastern greenland in the 1920s, claiming that it constituted terra nullius.	norway occupied and claimed parts of (then uninhabited) eastern greenland in the 1920s, claiming that it constituted terra nullius.
each just interval deviates a different amount from its nearest equally tempered interval.	each just interval differs a different amount from its nearest equally tempered interval.
"porter novelli was founded in washington, d.c. in 1972 by william d. novelli and jack porter, advertising men who worked together to market the peace corps and to get president richard m. nixon re-elected."""	"porter novelli was founded in washington, d.c. in 1972 by william d. novelli and jack porter, advertising executives who worked together to market the peace corps and to get president richard m. nixon re-elected."""
gosselin has achieved a reputation of being a strong conservative who appeals to the religious right as well as a strong libertarian bloc of oakland county politics.	gosselin has achieved a reputation of being a conservative who appeals to the religious right as well as a strong libertarian bloc of oakland county politics.
in 1847, young became the president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, which is the continuation of the church of christ founded by joseph smith, jr. in 1830. he was also the first governor of the utah territory.	in 1847, young became the president of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, which is one of many churches that claim to be a continuation of the church of christ founded by joseph smith, jr. in 1830. he was also the first governor of the utah territory.
"as a direct result of the disgusting incident, underarm bowling was banned in limited overs cricket by the international cricket council as ""not within the spirit of the game."""	"as a direct result of the incident, underarm bowling was banned in limited overs cricket by the international cricket council as ""not within the spirit of the game."""
english naturalist charles darwin finds himself torn between his love for his deeply religious wife and his own realization that creation may be explained without a god.	english naturalist charles darwin finds himself torn between his love for his deeply religious wife and his own theories that creation may be explained without a god.
henderson is known for his aggressive style, amazing cardio and his ability to escape from deep submission attempts.	henderson is known for his aggressive style, cardio and his ability to escape from deep submission attempts.
in 1999, mathers' mother sued him for around us$10 million over alleged slander about her in his lyrics regarding the slim shady lp; she won only about us$1,600 in damages in 2001.	in 1999, mathers' mother sued him for around us$10 million over alleged slander about her in his lyrics regarding the slim shady lp; she won about us$1,600 in damages in 2001.
"aei scholars have taken strong stances against the farm bill and agricultural subsidies; a 2007 document authored by bruce gardner claimed that ""there is no need for farm subsidies, and it would not really hurt anyone if we eliminated them""."	"aei staff have taken strong stances against the farm bill and agricultural subsidies; a 2007 document authored by bruce gardner claimed that ""there is no need for farm subsidies, and it would not really hurt anyone if we eliminated them""."
11 - soccer superstar david beckham announces that he will leave real madrid to play for la galaxy in los angeles.	11 - soccer player david beckham announces that he will leave real madrid to play for la galaxy in los angeles.
inhofe is one of the most conservative members of either house of congress; among other political stances, he strongly opposes abortion and is an enemy of gay rights.	inhofe is one of the most conservative members of either house of congress; among other political stances, he strongly opposes abortion and is an critic of gay rights.
the academic world, including finnish union of university professors, is enraged of which it sees as an attempt of amk's to disguise themselves as actual universities.	the academic world, including finnish union of university professors, is enraged of which it sees as an attempt of amk's to disguise themselves as classical universities.
after impressing manager, pat fenlon, he signed for the club on 5 february 2007. under a month later, he was benevolently offered on loan to a shelbourne side in dire need of players for the beginning of the 2007 season due to serious financial problems at the club.	after impressing manager, pat fenlon, he signed for the club on 5 february 2007. under a month later, he was offered on loan to a shelbourne side in dire need of players for the beginning of the 2007 season due to serious financial problems at the club.
the historic waterfront on ross creek, site of the original wharves and port facilities, has some excellent old buildings mixed with the later modern skyline.	the historic waterfront on ross creek, site of the original wharves and port facilities, has some old buildings mixed with the later modern skyline.
first starting at the bridge ponte milvio in rome the ritual of love padlocks has gained a significant presence in italy, mainly inspired by a fictional event in the book i want you by italian author federico moccia, who later made it into the cheesy film-adaptation ho voglia di te.	first starting at the bridge ponte milvio in rome the ritual of love padlocks has gained a significant presence in italy, mainly inspired by a fictional event in the book i want you by italian author federico moccia, who later made it into the film-adaptation ho voglia di te.
the program offerings include all of the academic disciplines, an excellent advanced placement (a.p.)	the program offerings include all of the academic disciplines, an advanced placement (a.p.)
it is noted that, on this us tour, the gig in pennsylvania also featured a relatively unknown band called aerosmith who were at a similar stage in their impressive career.	it is noted that, on this us tour, the gig in pennsylvania also featured a relatively unknown band called aerosmith who were at a similar stage in their career.
taekwondo training also includes a comprehensive system of blocks, punches, open-handed strikes, various take-downs or sweeps, throws, and some joint locks.	taekwondo training also includes a system of blocks, punches, open-handed strikes, various take-downs or sweeps, throws, and some joint locks.
contradictory pre-war assessments	conflicting pre-war assessments
"... that cambodia's famous ""romeo and juliet"" story, tum teav, is set in tbong khmom district?"	"... that cambodia's ""romeo and juliet"" story, tum teav, is set in tbong khmom district?"
after the haymarket massacre, us president grover cleveland feared that commemorating labor day on may 1 could become an opportunity to commemorate the riots .	after the haymarket massacre, us president grover cleveland feared that commemorating labor day on may 1 could become an opportunity to commemorate the affair .
lavan davis is no stranger to theatergoers who have seen one of his many acclaimed african-american stage plays on tour over the past few years.	lavan davis is no stranger to theatergoers who have seen one of his many african-american stage plays on tour over the past few years.
helen chenoweth-hage, 68, conservative u.s. congresswoman, car accident.	helen chenoweth-hage, 68, republican u.s. congresswoman, car accident.
"mitchell offered no explanation for his boorish behavior towards wiebe but did later explain that at the time of filming, he had not played video games for ""more than a year"", and that the filmmakers had not given him enough advance warning to train for a public record-breaking attempt."	"mitchell offered no explanation for his behavior towards wiebe but did later explain that at the time of filming, he had not played video games for ""more than a year"", and that the filmmakers had not given him enough advance warning to train for a public record-breaking attempt."
when they intercepted him, he blew himself by an explosive belt, which resulted in his death, the martyrdom of 4 security men, and the injury of 5 other security men.	when they intercepted him, he blew himself by an explosive belt, which resulted in his death, the deaths of 4 security men, and the injury of 5 other security men.
the large main hangar, used by the usaf until the facility was closed is well maintained, along with numerous buildings and nissen huts used presumably by the mod police.	the large main hangar, used by the usaf until the facility was closed is well maintained, along with numerous buildings and nissen huts used by the mod police.
"in the united states, there have been several controversies concerning the word ""niggardly,"" an adjective meaning ""stingy"" or ""miserly,"" due to its phonetic similarity to the racial slur ""nigger"", or the non-racial-slur ""nigga""."	"in the united states, there have been several controversies concerning the word ""niggardly,"" an adjective meaning ""stingy"" or ""miserly,"" due to its phonetic similarity to the racial slur ""nigger"", or the similarly spelled ""nigga""."
marc was looking down, fighting for the puck with another hurricanes player, when eric came and threw a vicious shoulder check, and marc was slow to get up.	marc was looking down, fighting for the puck with another hurricanes player, when eric came and threw a hard shoulder check, and marc was slow to get up.
david platt is an emmy-nominated american film and television director.	david platt is an american film and television director.
in particular, it maintains a list of american citizens killed by illegal aliens in the united states.	in particular, it maintains a list of american citizens killed by illegal immigrants in the united states.
boyle and others' position supports the findings of hammond's poll that a proportion of those circumcised men who choose to undergo foreskin restoration have emotional, psychological, and psychiatric problems, that anti-circumcision activists such as hammond, boyle, bensley, goldman, & colleagues associate with circumcision.	boyle and others' position supports the findings of hammond's poll that a proportion of those circumcised men who choose to undergo foreskin restoration have emotional, psychological, and psychiatric problems, that anti-circumcision advocates such as hammond, boyle, bensley, goldman, & colleagues associate with circumcision.
his coverage of the tragedy increased as the gravity of the situation became clear.	his coverage of the attacks increased as the gravity of the situation became clear.
he received a red card in the round of 16 match against australia for a foul on mark bresciano, which ended in a 10 win to the italians, and was suspended for the quarter-final against ukraine, which italy won 30. in the final against france, materazzi fouled florent malouda to concede a dubious penalty, which zinedine zidane subsequently scored.	he received a red card in the round of 16 match against australia for a foul on mark bresciano, which ended in a 10 win to the italians, and was suspended for the quarter-final against ukraine, which italy won 30. in the final against france, materazzi fouled florent malouda to concede a penalty, which zinedine zidane subsequently scored.
both prime minister david cameron, secretary of state for communities and local government eric pickles, and communities minister baroness warsi have spoken in support of tell mama post-woolwich and a subsequent rise in anti-muslim attacks and incidents.	prime minister david cameron, secretary of state for communities and local government eric pickles, and communities minister baroness warsi have spoken in support of tell mama post-woolwich and a subsequent rise in anti-muslim attacks and incidents.
this is the model of s8 that was famously featured in the 1998 film, ronin.	this is the model of s8 that was featured in the 1998 film, ronin.
moveon is a progressive public policy organization that has raised millions of dollars for democratic party candidates in the united states.	moveon describes itself as a progressive public policy organization that has raised millions of dollars for democratic party candidates in the united states.
"requires the president designate to declare ""peace"" enabling international banking improvements to proceed smoothly; ends u.s. aggressive military actions immediately, and many more improvements ."	"requires the president designate to declare ""peace"" enabling international banking improvements to proceed smoothly; ends u.s. aggressive military actions immediately, and many more changes ."
in 1912, the serbian army liberated vuitrn.	in 1912, the serbian army invaded vuitrn.
jibou is just 20 km by road northwest of zalu, close to the some river.	jibou is 20 km by road northwest of zalu, close to the some river.
"sri purandara dasa (1484-1564) (""the follower (dasa) of lord purandara vittala lord vishnu in one of his many avatars."")"	"purandara dasa (1484-1564) (""the follower (dasa) of lord purandara vittala lord vishnu in one of his many avatars."")"
"other scientists who are critical of the field contend that cryonics, while an interesting technical idea, is currently little more than a scam , that current ""patients"" will never be successfully revived, and that decades of research, at least, must occur before cryonics is to be a legitimate field with any hope of success."	"other scientists who are critical of the field contend that cryonics, while an interesting technical idea, is currently little more than a pipedream , that current ""patients"" will never be successfully revived, and that decades of research, at least, must occur before cryonics is to be a legitimate field with any hope of success."
feature in films and filming a number of years after her passing .	feature in films and filming a number of years after her death .
dhimmi — subjugated non- muslim citizens in islamic law.	dhimmi — non- muslim citizens in islamic law.
fortunately , he was fired by mcpherson after the season.	nevertheless , he was fired by mcpherson after the season.
based on extensive and detailed scientific evidence, geologists have hypothesised the age of the earth to be around 4.567 billion years (4.567 years).	based on extensive and detailed scientific evidence, geologists have determined the age of the earth to be around 4.567 billion years (4.567 years).
lane bryant a retail store chain for bbw	lane bryant a retail store chain for plus size clothing
the third release from elis, a concept album (griefshire) was planned for release in late 2006 or early 2007. the band wanted to complete a tour with leaves eyes and atrocity, but unfortunately on july 8th, 2006 sabine tragically died of a cerebral hemorrhage.	the third release from elis, a concept album (griefshire) was planned for release in late 2006 or early 2007. the band wanted to complete a tour with leaves eyes and atrocity, but unfortunately on july 8th, 2006 sabine died of a cerebral hemorrhage.
the zoo tycoon series is a popular video game series that began in 2001. all of the games in the series focus around building up a successful zoo and running it, although scenarios may have other goals.	the zoo tycoon series is a video game series that began in 2001. all of the games in the series focus around building up a successful zoo and running it, although scenarios may have other goals.
following his father's passing in 1954, wesley rose served as the company's president.	following his father's death in 1954, wesley rose served as the company's president.
the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the intercontinental cup, a friendly competition first contested in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.	the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the intercontinental cup, a non-fifa affiliated competition first contested in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.
disappointment followed at the 2002 fifa world cup, with totti failing to make a significant impact and then being sent off as italy lost to the south korea in the second round, when he controversially received a second yellow card for alleged diving in the penalty area by referee byron moreno.	disappointment followed at the 2002 fifa world cup, with totti failing to make a significant impact and then being sent off as italy lost to the south korea in the second round, when he controversially received a second yellow card for diving in the penalty area by referee byron moreno.
this issue, which had existed since the first release in 1989, was only addressed in the 2016 version.	this issue, which had existed since the first release in 1989, was addressed in the 2016 version.
msonthi was tragically killed.	msonthi was killed.
an independent newspaper of record, which plays the role in israel that the new york times plays in the united states.	an independent newspaper of record, some commentators state that it plays the role in israel that the new york times plays in the united states.
stopped brutally by police, they were sent back to prague in cattle cars, and several students were arrested.	stopped by police, they were sent back to prague in cattle cars, and several students were arrested.
subhash chandra bose (bangla: , or, bh chndr b) (january 23, 1897 – august 18, 1945?note), also known as netaji, was one of the two most prominent leaders of the indian independence movement against the british raj (the other most prominent leader was mahatma gandhi).	subhash chandra bose (bangla: , or, bh chndr b) (january 23, 1897 – august 18, 1945?note), also known as netaji, was one of the most prominent leaders of the indian independence movement against the british raj (the other most prominent leader was mahatma gandhi).
judy gold (born 1962), american comedienne and actress	judy gold (born 1962), american comedian and actress
"sexual harassment by strangers, as with any type of harassment has been a notoriously difficult crime to prove, as perpetrators often devise ingenious ways to attack women, even though many feminist writers term this behaviour as a kind of ""little rape"", and usually occur in public places, streets, and public transport."	"sexual harassment by strangers, as with any type of harassment has been a notoriously difficult crime to prove, as perpetrators often devise ingenious ways to harass women, even though many feminist writers term this behaviour as a kind of ""little rape"", and usually occur in public places, streets, and public transport."
the league decided that he and defensive end will smith helped williams start the program in 2009. he will not be eligible for reinstatement until the end of super bowl xlvii.	the league claims that he and defensive end will smith helped williams start the program in 2009. he will not be eligible for reinstatement until the end of super bowl xlvii.
"others such as craig keener claim that the evidence suggests that the evangelists ""chose the scripture texts to fit the stories."""	"others such as craig keener believe that the evidence suggests that the evangelists ""chose the scripture texts to fit the stories."""
the mount egerton recreation reserve is the hub of sporting activity in the town, although the town's feeble population makes organised sports a challenge.	the mount egerton recreation reserve is the hub of sporting activity in the town, although the town's small population makes organised sports a challenge.
"in the reported words of the tammany boss george washington plunkitt, reformers were only ""mornin' glories - looked lovely in the mornin' and withered up in a short time, while the regular machines went on flourishin' forever, like fine old oaks."""	"in the reported words of the tammany leader george washington plunkitt, reformers were only ""mornin' glories - looked lovely in the mornin' and withered up in a short time, while the regular machines went on flourishin' forever, like fine old oaks."""
a 35-hectare (86-acre) cepotina military base, has been built near the administrative zone with the province of kosovo and state border with the republic of macedonia, some 5 kilometers southeast of the serbian city of bujanovac.	a 35-hectare (86-acre) cepotina military base, has been built near the administrative zone with the disputed political entity of kosovo and state border with the republic of macedonia, some 5 kilometers southeast of the serbian city of bujanovac.
journey to the west by wu cheng'en, published in the 1590s; a fictionalized account of the pilgrimage of xuanzang to india to obtain buddhist religious texts in which the main character encounters ghosts, monsters, and demons, as well as the flaming mountains	journey to the west attributed to wu cheng'en, published in the 1590s; a fictionalized account of the pilgrimage of xuanzang to india to obtain buddhist religious texts in which the main character encounters ghosts, monsters, and demons, as well as the flaming mountains
"in a syndicated column, l. brent bozell iii, president of the right-wing media research center, said that cnn gave three hours and ten minutes of free publicity to moore on its shows larry king live and the situation room, that gupta's ""fairly mild report"" was factually accurate, and that moore's response ""walked away from the facts."""	"in a syndicated column, l. brent bozell iii, president of the media research center, said that cnn gave three hours and ten minutes of free publicity to moore on its shows larry king live and the situation room, that gupta's ""fairly mild report"" was factually accurate, and that moore's response ""walked away from the facts."""
although there are no laws in nepal criminalizing sex work specifically, there are some laws that were enacted throughout the 1980s that criminalize trafficking within and outside of nepal that are wrongfully used towards sex work.	although there are no laws in nepal criminalizing sex work specifically, there are some laws that were enacted throughout the 1980s that criminalize trafficking within and outside of nepal that are used towards sex work.
nabbous is believed to be killed by forces loyal to libyan leader muammar gaddafi in benghazi while reporting on false claims of a cease-fire made by the gaddafi regime in response to united nations security council resolution 1973.	nabbous is believed to be killed by forces loyal to libyan leader muammar gaddafi in benghazi while reporting on the claims of a cease-fire made by the gaddafi regime in response to united nations security council resolution 1973.
pausanias, writing in the 2nd century ad, helpfully identified the river and gave details of the location of the city:	pausanias, writing in the 2nd century ad, identified the river and gave details of the location of the city:
the hall officially opened on 1980-04-05, the fifth anniversary of the dictator 's death.	the hall officially opened on 1980-04-05, the fifth anniversary of the leader 's death.
wii sports is a collection of simplified sports games which employ the innovative wii controller to mimic an action in real life, such as swinging a golf club.	wii sports is a collection of simplified sports games which employ the wii controller to mimic an action in real life, such as swinging a golf club.
the free software foundation considers gnewsense to be a gnu/ linux distribution composed entirely of free software.	the free software foundation considers gnewsense to be a linux distribution composed entirely of free software.
lee raymond received the prestigious woodrow wilson award from the woodrow wilson international center for scholars of the smithsonian institution for corporate citizenship during a dinner held in his honor in dallas, texas in early 2003.	lee raymond received the woodrow wilson award from the woodrow wilson international center for scholars of the smithsonian institution for corporate citizenship during a dinner held in his honor in dallas, texas in early 2003.
the intertribal powwow at liberty park in salt lake city honors the rich cultural heritage and contributions of the area's native americans, helping utahns to gain a deeper understanding of the region's history.	the intertribal powwow at liberty park in salt lake city honors the cultural heritage and contributions of the area's native americans, helping utahns to gain a deeper understanding of the region's history.
"being the original, manic panic hair color remains the leader in ""fashion"" hair colors, boasting 48 gorgeous shades of classic hair color, 24 shades of amplified color, 11 colors of dye hard styling gel, 3 volumes of bleach, 48 shades of lipstick, 32 eye colors, spectacular glitters, lashes, nail polishes, powders, foundations, and a professional line."	"being the original, manic panic hair color remains the leader in ""fashion"" hair colors, boasting 48 shades of classic hair color, 24 shades of amplified color, 11 colors of dye hard styling gel, 3 volumes of bleach, 48 shades of lipstick, 32 eye colors, spectacular glitters, lashes, nail polishes, powders, foundations, and a professional line."
in june 2007, egypt finally banned all female circumcision, the widely-practised removal of the clitoris.	in june 2007, egypt banned all female circumcision, the widely-practised removal of the clitoris.
cooks can cheat by adding a mixture of water and wheat flour to a dish that needs thickening, since the heat of boiling water will release the starch from the flour; however, this temperature is not high enough to eliminate the floury taste.	cooks can substitute for roux by adding a mixture of water and wheat flour to a dish that needs thickening, since the heat of boiling water will release the starch from the flour; however, this temperature is not high enough to eliminate the floury taste.
emma frost (previously known as the white queen) is a fictional character, a superheroine that appears in american comic books published by marvel comics.	emma frost (previously known as the white queen) is a fictional character, a superhero that appears in american comic books published by marvel comics.
she made her return in linz and made it to the quarterfinals of generali ladies, before losing to maria sharapova in two tight sets.	she made her return in linz and made it to the quarterfinals of generali ladies, before losing to maria sharapova in two sets.
sister joan d. chittister, osb, (born 26 april 1936) is a controversial benedictine nun and an international lecturer.	sister joan d. chittister, osb, (born 26 april 1936) is a benedictine nun and an international lecturer.
"all bells of the cathedral rang on the eve of 28th march, 1936, a so-called ""friedensappell (""peace appeal"") of hitler, which he made in cologne due to the reichstag elections."	"all bells of the cathedral rang on the eve of 28th march, 1936, a ""friedensappell (""peace appeal"") of hitler, which he made in cologne due to the reichstag elections."
the scandal damaged the public reputation of the harding administration, which was already severely diminished by its poor handling of the great railroad strike of 1922 and the president's veto of the bonus bill in 1922.	the scandal damaged the public reputation of the harding administration, which was already severely diminished by its controversial handling of the great railroad strike of 1922 and the president's veto of the bonus bill in 1922.
the coalition called for stronger measures against eta's terrorism , for more privatization, and for a reduction in spending and in taxes.	the coalition called for stronger measures against eta's violence , for more privatization, and for a reduction in spending and in taxes.
"the acclaimed cambridge cryptographer ross anderson has great concerns that ""tc can support remote censorship."	"the cambridge cryptographer ross anderson has great concerns that ""tc can support remote censorship."
"these gratuitous comments went largely unnoticed until a recording of the five minute clip was circulated on the internet during march 2009, canada's deadliest month in afghanistan since arriving in 2001. the government of canada demanded an apology from fox news as well as the panelists for ""...despicable, hurtful and ignorant comments."""	"these comments went largely unnoticed until a recording of the five minute clip was circulated on the internet during march 2009, canada's deadliest month in afghanistan since arriving in 2001. the government of canada demanded an apology from fox news as well as the panelists for ""...despicable, hurtful and ignorant comments."""
the boer republics (sometimes also referred to as boer states) were fiercely independent, protestant, self-governed republics created by the dutch-speaking inhabitants of the cape colony and their descendants, variously named trekboers, boers and voortrekkers in mainly the middle, northern and north eastern and eastern parts of what is now the country of south africa.	the boer republics (sometimes also referred to as boer states) were independent, protestant, self-governed republics created by the dutch-speaking inhabitants of the cape colony and their descendants, variously named trekboers, boers and voortrekkers in mainly the middle, northern and north eastern and eastern parts of what is now the country of south africa.
mimi faria was a fine singer and guitarist.	mimi faria was a well respected singer and guitarist.
the mosque was destroyed on december 6, 1992, by a mob of nearly one million activists (karsevaks) of the vhp and other associated groups.	the mosque was destroyed on december 6, 1992, by a crowd of nearly one million activists (karsevaks) of the vhp and other associated groups.
in the eyes of hardened supporters and some observers, both despite and because of blatant flaws in his style of fighting, hamed had earned a reputation of invulnerability by the time of his fight with barrera.	in the eyes of hardened supporters and some observers, both despite and because of flaws in his style of fighting, hamed had earned a reputation of invulnerability by the time of his fight with barrera.
iman (born july 25, 1955 in mogadishu, somalia as iman abdulmajid, somali: iimaan cabdimajiid) is a somali supermodel based in the united states.	iman (born july 25, 1955 in mogadishu, somalia as iman abdulmajid, somali: iimaan cabdimajiid) is a somali model based in the united states.
there is no solid evidence that it works, and many psychologists believe it may be harmful, particularly to young people.	the current scientific consensus is that is no solid evidence that it works, and many psychologists believe it may be harmful, particularly to young people.
this beautiful city was also known as dwaramati, dwarawati and kushsthali.	this city was also known as dwaramati, dwarawati and kushsthali.
he is best known today for his notorious pamphlet (under the assumed name of richard harwood) did six million really die?	he is best known today for his pamphlet (under the assumed name of richard harwood) did six million really die?
the u.s. stance was a dramatic change from previous reactions to soviet repression in 1956 (hungary) and 1968 (czechoslovakia).	the u.s. stance was a significant change from previous reactions to soviet repression in 1956 (hungary) and 1968 (czechoslovakia).
the company was the target of a hostile takeover bid by its rival mittal steel on 27 january 2006 .	the company was the target of a takeover bid by its rival mittal steel on 27 january 2006 .
george corley wallace jr. (august 25, 1919 – september 13, 1998), was a united states politician who was elected governor of alabama as a democrat for four terms (1963-1967, 1971-1979 and 1983-1987) and ran for u.s. president four times, running as a democrat in 1964, 1972, and 1976, and as the american independent party candidate in 1968. he is best known for his pro-segregation attitudes and as a symbol of bigotry during the american desegregation period, which he modified after the passage of the 1964 civil rights act .	george corley wallace jr. (august 25, 1919 – september 13, 1998), was a united states politician who was elected governor of alabama as a democrat for four terms (1963-1967, 1971-1979 and 1983-1987) and ran for u.s. president four times, running as a democrat in 1964, 1972, and 1976, and as the american independent party candidate in 1968. he is best known for his pro-segregation attitudes and as a symbol of state's rights during the american desegregation period, which he modified after the passage of the 1964 civil rights act .
colbert busch supported background checks as part of a controversial gun control bill that was defeated by the u.s. senate.	colbert busch supported background checks as part of a gun control bill that was defeated by the u.s. senate.
the conservative party of canada (french: parti conservateur du canada) is a right- wing political party in canada, formed by the merger of the canadian alliance and the progressive conservative party of canada in december 2003. the party most recently formed the official opposition in the house of commons until parliament was dissolved on november 29, 2005. the honourable stephen harper is the current leader of the party.	the conservative party of canada (french: parti conservateur du canada) is a right- of-centre political party in canada, formed by the merger of the canadian alliance and the progressive conservative party of canada in december 2003. the party most recently formed the official opposition in the house of commons until parliament was dissolved on november 29, 2005. the honourable stephen harper is the current leader of the party.
film look (also known as filmizing or film-look) is a process in which video images are augmented to appear to have been shot on film.	film look (also known as filmizing or film-look) is a process in which video images are altered in overall appearance to appear to have been shot on film.
4432. it was enacted and finally passed by congress of the philippines' senate of the philippines and house of representatives of the philippines (12th congress of the philippines, 2001-2004) assembled on may 12, 2003 and signed into law (list of philippine laws) by president gloria macapagal-arroyo on may 26, 2003. it institutes policies to eliminate and punish human trafficking, especially women and children, establishing the necessary institutional mechanisms for the protection and support of trafficked persons.	4432. it was enacted and passed by congress of the philippines' senate of the philippines and house of representatives of the philippines (12th congress of the philippines, 2001-2004) assembled on may 12, 2003 and signed into law (list of philippine laws) by president gloria macapagal-arroyo on may 26, 2003. it institutes policies to eliminate and punish human trafficking, especially women and children, establishing the necessary institutional mechanisms for the protection and support of trafficked persons.
the bill, which was passed by the wisconsin legislature, drew attention due to its provisions, which drastically changed the collective bargaining process for most public employees in wisconsin.	the bill, which was passed by the wisconsin legislature, drew attention due to its provisions, which significantly changed the collective bargaining process for most public employees in wisconsin.
many characteristics of these as described relate strongly to the nature and use of the www in general, and strongly to the workings and ideals of this wikipedia.	many characteristics of these as described relate strongly to the nature and use of the www in general, and strongly to the workings and ideals of wikipedia.
it defended christian beliefs against criticism by non- believing jews and followers of other roman religions, survived various persecutions, consisted of divisions that accused each other of heresy, and developed church hierarchy.	it defended christian beliefs against criticism by non- christian jews and followers of other roman religions, survived various persecutions, consisted of divisions that accused each other of heresy, and developed church hierarchy.
"the most radical reconstruction goes further, alleging that the jews originated as a ""mixed multitude"" of settlers sent to jerusalem by the persians, where they concocted a past for themselves."	"the most radical reconstruction goes further, stating that the jews originated as a ""mixed multitude"" of settlers sent to jerusalem by the persians, where they concocted a past for themselves."
nigel, a very tall gay british gentleman who serves as runway's creative director.	nigel, a very tall gay british man who serves as runway's creative director.
the peaceful arawak, mainly cultivators, hunters, and fishermen, migrated to the caribbean islands before the carib and settled throughout the region.	the arawak, mainly cultivators, hunters, and fishermen, migrated to the caribbean islands before the carib and settled throughout the region.
in the rigid australian party system, this ensures that virtually all contentious votes are along party lines, and the government always has a majority in those votes.	in the current australian party system, this ensures that virtually all contentious votes are along party lines, and the government always has a majority in those votes.
the main danger posed by the neutral is it can have a non-null voltage (possibly as high as the voltage on the mains line) if a broken neutral cable in the wiring disconnects the neutral but leaves the live conductor connected.	the main danger posed by the neutral is it can have a high voltage (possibly as high as the voltage on the mains line) if a broken neutral cable in the wiring disconnects the neutral but leaves the live conductor connected.
john edward mcgee, jr. (born october 19, 1969) is an american television personality and psychic medium.	john edward mcgee, jr. (born october 19, 1969) is an american television personality who works as a psychic medium.
native americans fought knowing they might jeopardize their freedom , unique cultures, and ancestral lands if they ended up on the losing side of the civil war.	native americans fought knowing they might jeopardize their sovereignty , unique cultures, and ancestral lands if they ended up on the losing side of the civil war.
she is a daughter of eminent writer padma shri sharad joshi and theater artist irfana siddiqui.	she is a daughter of writer padma shri sharad joshi and theater artist irfana siddiqui.
he is a proud member of lone knights mc macedonia.	he is a member of lone knights mc macedonia.
it is used by argentinians in the context of the long-standing football rivalry between the argentine and english national teams, born after malvinas/ falklands war in 1982.	it is used by argentinians in the context of the long-standing football rivalry between the argentine and english national teams, born after falklands war in 1982.
chevy chase, steve martin, and martin short took the title roles, each of them at the peak of his best form.	chevy chase, steve martin, and martin short took the title roles, each of them at the peak of his form.
gleeson worked as an engineer on the seminal devo album q: are we not men?	gleeson worked as an engineer on the 1978 devo album q: are we not men?
he employed his engineering skills to design a new cantilevered underwire bra to emphasize her assets .	he employed his engineering skills to design a new cantilevered underwire bra to emphasize her cleavage .
"style=""background-color: #a7b0c1;""| actor /actress"	"style=""background-color: #a7b0c1;""| actor"
the national institute of standards and technology (nist) has rejected the idea that collapse due to fire would be impossible, as has the engineering community.	the national institute of standards and technology (nist) has rejected the assumption that collapse due to fire would be impossible, as has the engineering community.
was a well-blended combination of action, comedy, and drama.	was a combination of action, comedy, and drama.
as a result of the nagorno-karabakh war, the area was liberated by armenian forces in 1992.	as a result of the nagorno-karabakh war, the area was occupied by armenian forces in 1992.
hunyadi is a hungarian noble family probably of romanian origin.	hunyadi is a hungarian noble family of romanian origin.
since then, the feminist movement has split into pro-life feminists and other mainstream feminist groups.	since then, the feminist movement has split into pro-life feminists and other feminist groups.
john erick dowdle is an american director, producer, screenwriter, and editor.	john erick dowdle is an u.s. director, producer, screenwriter, and editor.
ilona carson is a gorgeous reporter and non-primetime anchor for ktrk channel 13 news in houston.	ilona carson is a reporter and non-primetime anchor for ktrk channel 13 news in houston.
apostol petkov or the sun of yenicevardar (may 6, 1869, boymitsa, today in paionia, greece - august 2, 1911, giannitsa, today greece) was a macedonian revolutionary and one of the leaders of the revolutionary movement in aegean macedonia.	apostol petkov or the sun of yenicevardar (may 6, 1869, boymitsa, today in paionia, greece - august 2, 1911, giannitsa, today greece) was a bulgarian revolutionary and one of the leaders of the revolutionary movement in aegean macedonia.
other opinions, based on other sources and methodologies, lead to dates outside even this bracket—the apocryphal book of jubilees, for example, providing a date equivalent to 2309 bc.	other opinions, based on other sources and methodologies, lead to dates outside even this bracket—the deuterocanonical book of jubilees, for example, providing a date equivalent to 2309 bc.
(this has been humorously labeled scare italics .)	(this has been hilariously labeled scare italics .)
... that descendants of the first settlers of the tiny rural hamlet of kingston, mississippi include actors william holden, tom hulce, and patrick swayze?	... that descendants of the first settlers of the rural hamlet of kingston, mississippi include actors william holden, tom hulce, and patrick swayze?
the library is meant to bypass archaic x window system, which has been traditionally used to support graphics in unix and the like, to speed up and simplify graphic operations.	the library is meant to bypass the x window system, which has been traditionally used to support graphics in unix and the like, to speed up and simplify graphic operations.
latham & watkins llp is a prominent global law firm.	latham & watkins llp is a global law firm.
the noble qur'an an-nur 24:2-9	the qur'an an-nur 24:2-9
media matters for america (or mmfa) is a liberal media watchdog group organized as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.	media matters for america (or mmfa) is a left-leaning media watchdog group organized as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization.
contrary to popular belief, my sister sam was not cancelled as a direct result of rebecca schaeffer's tragic murder as this happened a year after the show's end.	contrary to popular belief, my sister sam was not cancelled as a direct result of rebecca schaeffer's murder as this happened a year after the show's end.
"the ""gardianul"" newspaper , noting that both her and her husband had met many times formally or informally with the bae systems representatives before and after the signing of the governmental contract, inquired whether the royal family was involved in any lobbying on behalf of the company."	"the ""gardianul"" newspaper , noting that both her and her husband had met a number of times formally or informally with the bae systems representatives before and after the signing of the governmental contract, inquired whether the royal family was involved in any lobbying on behalf of the company."
elie wiesel (; born eliezer wiesel on september 30, 1928) is a jewish writer, professor, political activist, nobel laureate and self-proclaimed holocaust survivor.	elie wiesel (; born eliezer wiesel on september 30, 1928) is a jewish writer, professor, political activist, nobel laureate and holocaust survivor.
the member states are planning to continue with economic integration and were set to remove all customs borders between each other after july 2011. on 19 november 2011, the member states put together a joint commission on fostering closer economic ties, planning to create a eurasian union by 2015. since january 1, 2012, the three states enjoy a single economic space.	the member states are planning to continue with economic integration and were set to remove all customs borders between each other after july 2011. on 19 november 2011, the member states put together a joint commission on fostering closer economic ties, planning to create a eurasian union by 2015. since january 1, 2012, the three states are a single economic space.
nelson algren (march 28, 1909 - may 9, 1981) was a legendary american writer.	nelson algren (march 28, 1909 - may 9, 1981) was a famous american writer.
at the age of 6 months, after concern was raised about how bruce and brian urinated, both boys were mistakenly diagnosed with phimosis.	at the age of 6 months, after concern was raised about how bruce and brian urinated, both boys were diagnosed with phimosis.
other reforms included the creation of a national parks system.	other changes included the creation of a national parks system.
macri said that the case, headed by the kirchnerite judge norberto oyarbide, was an attempt by nstor kirchner to frame him.	macri said that the case, headed by the judge norberto oyarbide, was an attempt by nstor kirchner to frame him.
in front of dumbfounded police officers he explained how a mafia family is organised and revealed the existence of the mafia commission, long before the pentito tommaso buscetta exposed mafia secrets to judges who were prepared to listen.	in front of police officers he explained how a mafia family is organised and revealed the existence of the mafia commission, long before the pentito tommaso buscetta exposed mafia secrets to judges who were prepared to listen.
sri vaishnavism is original vaishnava sect of hinduism.	sri vaishnavism is a vaishnava sect of hinduism.
the mclaren f1 remains the greatest supercar, ever made.	the mclaren f1 is considered by many to still be the greatest supercar, ever made.
sadly the dynasty was short lived and ended with peter von biron after abdicating with no male heirs	the dynasty was short lived and ended with peter von biron after abdicating with no male heirs
however, with the passage of time and feng shui's popularization in the west, much of the knowledge behind it has been lost in translation, not paid proper attention to, frowned upon, or scorned.	however, with the passage of time and feng shui's popularization in the west, much of the theory behind it has been lost in translation, not paid proper attention to, frowned upon, or scorned.
the operation resulted in one-third of kashmir being conquered by pakistani troops in quick time.	the operation resulted in one-third of kashmir being taken by pakistani troops in quick time.
with cuban reinforcements, cuito was held and the south african advance ended after six unsuccessful attempts to overcome the fapla-cuban defences between 13 january and 23 march 1988. the sadf retreated but continued to shell cuito from a distance.	with cuban reinforcements, cuito was held and the south african advance ended after six unsuccessful attempts to overcome the fapla-cuban defences between 13 january and 23 march 1988. the sadf withdrew but continued to shell cuito from a distance.
rightswatch is a brand of stylish quartz watches (some available in automatic) produced by the swatch group ltd. swatch was originally intended to re-capture entry level market share lost by swiss manufacturers during the aggressive growth of japanese companies in the 1960s and 1970s.	rightswatch is a brand of quartz watches (some available in automatic) produced by the swatch group ltd. swatch was originally intended to re-capture entry level market share lost by swiss manufacturers during the aggressive growth of japanese companies in the 1960s and 1970s.
as a result, thousands convert to early christianity and are baptized.	as a result, thousands convert to christianity and are baptized.
before deploying to vietnam, hathcock had won many shooting championships, including matches at camp perry and the wimbledon cup.	before deploying to vietnam, hathcock had won shooting championships, including matches at camp perry and the wimbledon cup.
by the time that state president pw botha made his infamous rubicon speech on 15 august 1985, it had weakened to r 2.40 per dollar.	by the time that state president pw botha made his notorious rubicon speech on 15 august 1985, it had weakened to r 2.40 per dollar.
the vietnam war was a devastating war fought between roughly 1959 and 1975 after the north vietnemese government secretly agreed to begin involvement in south vietnam.	the vietnam war was a war fought between roughly 1959 and 1975 after the north vietnemese government secretly agreed to begin involvement in south vietnam.
raden ngabehi rangga warsita (surakarta, 14 march 1802 - idem, 24 december 1873 was a major javanese poet.	raden ngabehi rangga warsita (surakarta, 14 march 1802 - idem, 24 december 1873 was a javanese poet.
knives were some of the first tools developed by mankind .	knives were some of the first tools developed by humans .
since its independence from france on august 17, 1960, gabon has been ruled by three presidents.	since its independence from france on august 17, 1960, gabon has been administrated by three presidents.
a desire to spread catholic christianity to pagan lands was another factor motivating exploration.	a desire to spread catholic christianity to non-abrahamic lands was another factor motivating exploration.
in norse mythology, bestla is the mother of the gods odin, vili and v by way of borr, the sister of an unknown being who assisted odin, and the daughter or, depending on source, granddaughter of the jtunn blorn.	in norse mythology, bestla is the mother of the gods odin, vili and v by way of borr, the sister of an unnamed being who assisted odin, and the daughter or, depending on source, granddaughter of the jtunn blorn.
"many justifiably believed that these people would ""swamp"" european australia if allowed to do so."	"many believed that these people would ""swamp"" european australia if allowed to do so."
united won the game 32, scoring the winning goal after clattenburg sent off chelsea's branislav ivanovi for a clear professional foul and then fernando torres for a second yellow card for apparent diving.	united won the game 32, scoring the winning goal after clattenburg sent off chelsea's branislav ivanovi for a clear professional foul and then fernando torres for a second yellow card for alleged diving.
one of the most vitriolic critics of carlyle's formulation of the great man theory was herbert spencer, who believed that attributing historical events to the decisions of individuals was a hopelessly primitive, childish, and unscientific position.	one of the most forceful critics of carlyle's formulation of the great man theory was herbert spencer, who believed that attributing historical events to the decisions of individuals was a hopelessly primitive, childish, and unscientific position.
skydra (; macedonian slavic: , vartokop) is a town and a municipality in the pella peripheral unit of macedonia in greece.	skydra (; slavic: , vartokop) is a town and a municipality in the pella peripheral unit of macedonia in greece.
the palestine liberation front (plf) is a resistance palestinian group which is unfairly designated as a terrorist organization by canada , the european union , and the united states.	the palestine liberation front (plf) is a resistance palestinian group which is designated as a terrorist organization by canada , the european union , and the united states.
"it was station ceo and in-house political 'commentator' alan chartock's political invective that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."	"it was station ceo and in-house political 'commentator' alan chartock's political commentary that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."
it was placed under british administration in 1878 until it gained independence in 1960, becoming a member of the commonwealth the following year.	it was placed under british administration in 1878 until it was granted independence in 1960, becoming a member of the commonwealth the following year.
this, in turn, was a catalyst for the final stage in the birth and divergence of early christianity and rabbinic judaism.	this, in turn, is commonly seen as a catalyst for the final stage in the birth and divergence of early christianity and rabbinic judaism.
in the 2011 world cup semi final between wales and france, rolland controversially sent off welsh captain sam warburton for a dangerous tackle.	in the 2011 world cup semi final between wales and france, rolland sent off welsh captain sam warburton for a dangerous tackle.
misbah was one of the stars of the tournament, playing a large part in many thrilling run chases.	misbah was one of the stars of the tournament, playing a large part in many run chases.
"opponents – often creationists – sometimes criticize the presentation of evolution as proven fact rather than scientific theory; defenders object to these criticisms, maintaining that presenting it as ""just a theory"" constitutes an attempt to characterize it as an arbitrary choice and degrade its claims to truth."	"skeptics – often creationists – sometimes criticize the presentation of evolution as proven fact rather than scientific theory; defenders object to these criticisms, maintaining that presenting it as ""just a theory"" constitutes an attempt to characterize it as an arbitrary choice and degrade its claims to truth."
socialism in one country was a theory put forth by joseph stalin in 1924, elaborated by nikolai bukharin in 1925 and finally adopted by stalin as state policy.	socialism in one country was a theory put forth by joseph stalin in 1924, elaborated by nikolai bukharin in 1925 and finally adopted by soviet union as state policy.
bruno souza is the president of soujava , brazil's largest java user group, where he has led the group's javali project, an ambitious umbrella project that hosts 10 large open source projects based in the java programming language.	bruno souza is the president of soujava , brazil's largest java user group, where he has led the group's javali project, an umbrella project that hosts 10 large open source projects based in the java programming language.
unused lithium batteries provide a convenient source of lithium metal for use as a reducing agent in illegal methamphetamine labs.	unused lithium batteries provide a convenient source of lithium metal for use as a reducing agent in methamphetamine labs.
the millennium star is a famous diamond owned by de beers.	the millennium star is a diamond owned by de beers.
brett somers (19242007), canadian-born american actress, singer, and comedienne	brett somers (19242007), canadian-born american actress, singer, and comedian
this was deemed necessary due to the rising religious persecution from jealous mughal rulers.	this was deemed necessary due to the rising religious persecution from the mughal rulers.
"thus the logical positivists drew a new distinction, and, inheriting the terms from kant, christened it the ""analytic/synthetic distinction."""	"thus the logical positivists drew a new distinction, and, inheriting the terms from kant, named it the ""analytic/synthetic distinction."""
bar refaeli (, born june 4, 1985) is an israeli supermodel , known for her modeling work and for her relationship with american actor leonardo dicaprio.	bar refaeli (, born june 4, 1985) is an israeli model , known for her modeling work and for her relationship with american actor leonardo dicaprio.
it is also available in rock band as a downloadable song, albeit a bad cover version.	it is also available in rock band as a downloadable song, albeit a cover version.
"his father ore ""oko"" nikoli (18721924; albanian transliteration , albanianized form ) was mentioned in 1905 as the head of one of the orthodox serb-montenegrin households in the vrakascutari area, and he was also one of representatives (signers) of the town for the establishment of the orthodox church of albania in 1922. his mother sofia kokoshi (d. 1916) was educated at the catholic seminary of scutari, run by italian nuns."	"his father ore ""oko"" nikoli (18721924; albanian transliteration , albanian form ) was mentioned in 1905 as the head of one of the orthodox serb-montenegrin households in the vrakascutari area, and he was also one of representatives (signers) of the town for the establishment of the orthodox church of albania in 1922. his mother sofia kokoshi (d. 1916) was educated at the catholic seminary of scutari, run by italian nuns."
the powerful balarama refused to fight at kurukshetra, because he was both bheema 's and duryodhana's coach in gadhayudhdh (fighting with maces) and his brother krishna is on the other side.	the powerful balarama refused to fight at kurukshetra, because he was both bhima 's and duryodhana's coach in gadhayudhdh (fighting with maces) and his brother krishna is on the other side.
in 2006, the school returned to its original name of the pine school to reflect its status as an independent school that welcomes students of all faiths.	in 2006, the school returned to its original name of the pine school to reflect its status as an independent school that accepts students of all faiths.
such concerns are likely to increase due to the passage of the controversial same-sex marriage bill on june 28, 2005 which has angered many canadians.	such concerns are likely to increase due to the passage of the controversial same-sex marriage bill on june 28, 2005 which has angered some canadians.
video: minimally invasive penile implant surgery (note: while this is being performed on a cis male, the procedure is similar during phalloplasty)	video: minimally invasive penile implant surgery (note: while this is being performed on a biological male, the procedure is similar during phalloplasty)
"the ""two-orgasm theory"" (the belief that in females there is a vaginal orgasm and a clitoral orgasm), has been dismantled as a ""transparently male perception of the female body""."	"the ""two-orgasm theory"" (the belief that in females there is a vaginal orgasm and a clitoral orgasm), has been criticized by feminists such as ellen ross and rayna rapp as a ""transparently male perception of the female body""."
at first, zapatero wanted it to protect only women, forgetting other victims like children, elders or men.	at first, zapatero wanted it to protect only women, leaving out legal protection of other victims like children, elders or men.
subotica (serbian: or subotica, , hungarian: szabadka, croatian and bunjevac: subotica) is a city and municipality in northern serbia, in the autonomous province of vojvodina.	subotica (serbian: or subotica, , hungarian: szabadka, croatian : subotica, bunjevac: subotica) is a city and municipality in northern serbia, in the autonomous province of vojvodina.
fischer is also well-known for his eccentricity, unconventional and irrational behavior, rabid anti-semitism and outspoken political views.	fischer is also well-known for his eccentricity, unconventional and irrational behavior, anti-semitism and outspoken political views.
(old earth creationists, recognizing that a world-wide flood is an impossibility, reconcile their faith with science by suggesting that the flood was merely local, and that the ark was therefore a barge rather than a ship).	(old earth creationists, believing that a world-wide flood is an impossibility, reconcile their faith with science by suggesting that the flood was merely local, and that the ark was therefore a barge rather than a ship).
the modern dance is the visionary debut album by pere ubu.	the modern dance is the debut album by pere ubu.
economic reconstruction of the reunited country has proven very difficult under the incompetent communist socialist government of vietnam.	economic reconstruction of the reunited country has proven very difficult under the new communist socialist government of vietnam.
she is best known for a book, written by flora rheta schreiber, and a television film, both titled sybil, which were ostensibly non-fiction accounts of the psychiatric treatment she rendered to a case of multiple personality disorder.	she is best known for a book, written by flora rheta schreiber, and a television film, both titled sybil, which were presented as non-fiction accounts of the psychiatric treatment she rendered to a case of multiple personality disorder.
in the early 1570s the notorious conquistador luis de carabajal y cueva campaigned near the rio grande, ostensibly to punish the indians for their attack on the shipwrecked sailors, more likely to capture slaves.	in the early 1570s the conquistador luis de carabajal y cueva campaigned near the rio grande, ostensibly to punish the indians for their attack on the shipwrecked sailors, more likely to capture slaves.
lisbon was recovered by the portuguese in 1147.	lisbon was conquered by the portuguese in 1147.
encouraged by arturo toscanini, rota came to the united states where he lived from 1930 to 1932. receiving a scholarship to the curtis institute in philadelphia, he took classes in orchestra with fritz reiner and had rosario scalero as an instructor in composition.	encouraged by arturo toscanini, rota moved to the united states where he lived from 1930 to 1932. receiving a scholarship to the curtis institute in philadelphia, he took classes in orchestra with fritz reiner and had rosario scalero as an instructor in composition.
emiliano revilla is a spanish industrialist who was kidnapped by the basque terrorist group eta in 1988.	emiliano revilla is a spanish industrialist who was kidnapped by the basque separatist group eta in 1988.
microsoft 's push towards high-definition gaming, year-early head start and its xbox live online gaming service will help the console be successful.	microsoft believes that its push towards high-definition gaming, year-early head start and its xbox live online gaming service will help the console be successful.
processed cheese (or process cheese) is a manufactured product made from regular cheese and other unfermented dairy ingredients, plus emulsifiers, extra salt and food colourings.	processed cheese (or process cheese) is a food product made from regular cheese and other unfermented dairy ingredients, plus emulsifiers, extra salt and food colourings.
he is justly famous for his law code and conquests, but he is also famous due to the large amount of records that exist from the period of his reign.	he is famous for his law code and conquests, but he is also famous due to the large amount of records that exist from the period of his reign.
(born as ruud dil, september 1, 1962 in amsterdam) is a dutch football manager and former football superstar , who played professionally in the 1980s and 1990s.	(born as ruud dil, september 1, 1962 in amsterdam) is a dutch football manager and former football player , who played professionally in the 1980s and 1990s.
he has conducted intensive research on issues like resilient livelihoods, food insecurity, regional trade, and political economy of development.	he has conducted research on issues like resilient livelihoods, food insecurity, regional trade, and political economy of development.
starring bill nighy, miranda richardson and emily blunt, it was first broadcast in the uk on bbc one on 26 february 2006. it is set against the backdrop of new labour's rise to power, the death of princess diana, and the ill-advised development of the dome.	starring bill nighy, miranda richardson and emily blunt, it was first broadcast in the uk on bbc one on 26 february 2006. it is set against the backdrop of new labour's rise to power, the death of princess diana, and the development of the dome.
therefore, we might consider defining as +∞ for positive a, and −∞ for negative a. however, this definition fails for two reasons.	therefore, we might consider defining as +∞ for positive a, and −∞ for negative a. however, this definition can be inconvenient for two reasons.
"mark bowden has refuted this viewpoint saying in his the atlantic article, ""but flying a drone, the pilot sees the carnage close-up, in real timethe blood and severed body parts, the arrival of emergency responders, the anguish of friends and family."	"mark bowden has disputed this viewpoint saying in his the atlantic article, ""but flying a drone, the pilot sees the carnage close-up, in real timethe blood and severed body parts, the arrival of emergency responders, the anguish of friends and family."
prominent members devvy kidd (texas) and mary starrett ( oregon) are members of the tax protest group we the people foundation , which preaches open defiance of the sixteenth amendment and irs tax regulations.	prominent members devvy kidd (texas) and mary starrett ( oregon) are members of the tax protest group we the people foundation, which advocates open defiance of the sixteenth amendment and irs tax regulations.
he is renowned for his portrayals of many memorable anti-heroes and for his mastery of accents.	he is renowned for his portrayals of many memorable anti-heroes and for his use of accents.
jelai was against the hungarian revolution.	jelai was violently opposed to the hungarian revolution.
since the earliest days of these careers she has been involved (both as performer and organiser) in extensive charity work, including fundraising for disabled children as radio 2hd's miss beach girl 1969; many musical soirees and charity balls at her hampstead home in the 1970s and 1980s in collaboration with count nikolai tolstoy for russian emigre and medical charities ; and during the 1990s and 2000s chaired a committee organising a major theatrical fundraising event for the reconstruction of shakespeare's globe theatre and served for many years on the committee of the war and peace ball in aid of childline.	since the earliest days of these careers she has been involved (both as performer and organiser) in charity work, including fundraising for disabled children as radio 2hd's miss beach girl 1969; many musical soirees and charity balls at her hampstead home in the 1970s and 1980s in collaboration with count nikolai tolstoy for russian emigre and medical charities ; and during the 1990s and 2000s chaired a committee organising a major theatrical fundraising event for the reconstruction of shakespeare's globe theatre and served for many years on the committee of the war and peace ball in aid of childline.
a letter signed by well-known estonian intellectuals protesting against certain aspects of soviet -occupied estonia was sent to the main newspapers of the time.	a letter signed by well-known estonian intellectuals protesting against certain aspects of soviet estonia was sent to the main newspapers of the time.
the academy recognizes superior art works every year through its prestigious awards.	the academy recognizes superior art works every year through its awards.
david bailey (photographer), famous english photographer	david bailey (photographer), english photographer
the firm is renowned for its litigation and corporate practices, with special attention focused on its mergers and acquisitions specialty.	the firm is highly regarded for its litigation and corporate practices, with special attention focused on its mergers and acquisitions specialty.
noted especially for the decorative ornamentation around its west entrance, it is an outstanding example of middle meiji period european architecture.	noted especially for the decorative ornamentation around its west entrance, it is an example of middle meiji period european architecture.
janetfraiser.com - a great fan site dedicated to janet	janetfraiser.com - a fan site dedicated to janet
the erasmus bridge is a fantastic 2,600-foot cable stayed bridge linking the north and south of rotterdam.	the erasmus bridge is a 2,600-foot cable stayed bridge linking the north and south of rotterdam.
in may 2001 its chief financial officer santiago oleaga was killed by two eta terrorists .	in may 2001 its chief financial officer santiago oleaga was killed by two eta militants .
unfortunately , overseas sales have not rapidly increased as hoped.	however , overseas sales have not rapidly increased as hoped.
they are extremely useful in science classes with helpful online tutorials provided by smart.	they are useful in science classes with helpful online tutorials provided by smart.
the building is a beautiful four story colonial structure built with malad stone, and was designed by architect george wittet, who later became the head of tata engineering company limited.	the building is a four story colonial structure built with malad stone, and was designed by architect george wittet, who later became the head of tata engineering company limited.
this gesture was uncomfortably similar to the limp bizkit national guitarist audition after borland left the band, and proved to be ultimately fruitless, other than showcasing what the ultimate sound of the project could have become.	this gesture was similar to the limp bizkit national guitarist audition after borland left the band, and proved to be ultimately fruitless, other than showcasing what the ultimate sound of the project could have become.
the bomb killed terrorist o'brien instantly and injured people both inside and outside the bus, including the driver, bob newitt, who became permanently deaf.	the bomb killed o'brien instantly and injured people both inside and outside the bus, including the driver, bob newitt, who became permanently deaf.
the institution offers five great languages: english, french, spanish, mandarin-chinese, and japanese.	the institution offers five languages: english, french, spanish, mandarin-chinese, and japanese.
jeeves and wooster is a british humorous television series adapted by clive exton from p.g.	jeeves and wooster is a british comedy television series adapted by clive exton from p.g.
she is best known for her reccuring role in scary movie film series, as well as her lead roles in the hot chick (2002), lost in translation (2003), just friends (2005), my super ex-girlfriend (2006), smiley face (2007), and the house bunny (2008).	she is known for her reccuring role in scary movie film series, as well as her lead roles in the hot chick (2002), lost in translation (2003), just friends (2005), my super ex-girlfriend (2006), smiley face (2007), and the house bunny (2008).
after the 14th dalai lama (tenzin gyatso) won the nobel peace prize in 1989, the public awareness of the dalai lama became even more prevalent, and the dalai lama became the subject of several motion pictures, including seven years in tibet starring brad pitt, martin scorsese's feature film kundun, as well as documentary films like the 2008 theatrically released dalai lama renaissance, narrated by harrison ford.	after the 14th dalai lama (tenzin gyatso) won the nobel peace prize in 1989, the public awareness of the dalai lama became even more prevalent, and the dalai lama became the subject of several motion pictures, including seven years in tibet starring brad pitt, martin scorsese's feature film kundun, as well as documentary films , including the 2008 theatrically released dalai lama renaissance, narrated by harrison ford.
ira hayes (pima), world war ii hero	ira hayes (pima), world war ii veteran
george and ecclestone were in talks to revive the race for , but unfortunately no deal has been made for a future race in indianapolis.	george and ecclestone were in talks to revive the race for , but no deal has been made for a future race in indianapolis.
serbs, croats and slovenes were the constitutional nations up to 1929, when they were merged into a new forced nationality - yugoslavs.	serbs, croats and slovenes were the constitutional nations up to 1929, when they were merged into a new nationality - yugoslavs.
there has been no known corroboration of the events depicted in the book beyond smith's therapy sessions and the book is now widely believed to have been debunked .	there has been no known corroboration of the events depicted in the book beyond smith's therapy sessions and the book is now widely believed to have been discounted .
"reportedly written by andrea williams then of the lawyers' christian fellowship, dorries has denied that her campaigning on the abortion issue receives funding from christian fundamentalist groups, although dorries website for the ""20 reasons for 20 weeks"" campaign in 2008 was registered by christian concern for our nation (ccfon), another organisation with which williams is involved; one of the pressure group's interns set up the website without charge to dorries."	"reportedly written by andrea williams then of the lawyers' christian fellowship, dorries has denied that her campaigning on the abortion issue receives funding from christian groups, although dorries website for the ""20 reasons for 20 weeks"" campaign in 2008 was registered by christian concern for our nation (ccfon), another organisation with which williams is involved; one of the pressure group's interns set up the website without charge to dorries."
some of his great projects were increased coal production and power generation in the latrobe valley, new offshore oil and gas fields in gippsland, the west gate bridge over the lower yarra river, a new international airport for melbourne at tullamarine and two new universities (monash university and la trobe university).	some of his large projects were increased coal production and power generation in the latrobe valley, new offshore oil and gas fields in gippsland, the west gate bridge over the lower yarra river, a new international airport for melbourne at tullamarine and two new universities (monash university and la trobe university).
the 1999 feature film release of wing commander directed by roberts himself and starring freddie prinze jr. unfortunately failed to attract either critical praise or financial success.	the 1999 feature film release of wing commander directed by roberts himself and starring freddie prinze jr. failed to attract either critical praise or financial success.
when the gunman returned, dr botkin was shot and the tsarevich alexei was slaughtered , one gunman repeatedly trying to shoot or stab the boy in the torso.	when the gunman returned, dr botkin was shot and the tsarevich alexei was killed , one gunman repeatedly trying to shoot or stab the boy in the torso.
because of its close proximity to the original illinois state capitol at kaskaskia, marys river was the site of early settlements in the interior of illinois.	because of its proximity to the original illinois state capitol at kaskaskia, marys river was the site of early settlements in the interior of illinois.
"for its revolutionary design, the school design earned the designation of ""2004 outstanding design award"" from american school and university magazine."	"for its design, the school design earned the designation of ""2004 outstanding design award"" from american school and university magazine."
zhang lin won a silver medal in the men's 400 meter freestyle at the 2008 summer olympics in beijing with a time of 3:42.44, only 0.58 seconds behind gold medalist south korean park tae-hwan, and making him at the time the third fastest 400 meter freestyler in history (and setting a chinese record in the process).	zhang lin won a silver medal in the men's 400 meter freestyle at the 2008 summer olympics in beijing with a time of 3:42.44, 0.58 seconds behind gold medalist south korean park tae-hwan, and making him at the time the third fastest 400 meter freestyler in history (and setting a chinese record in the process).
many others , however, regard these accusations as politically motivated attacks.	others , however, regard these accusations as politically motivated attacks.
colin is a pro-life extremist and is the honorary co-chair of feminists for life, a nonsectarian, nonpartisan organization opposed to domestic violence, child abuse, infanticide, and abortion.	colin is a pro-life activist and is the honorary co-chair of feminists for life, a nonsectarian, nonpartisan organization opposed to domestic violence, child abuse, infanticide, and abortion.
this document contains great guidelines for the use of deception in research.	this document contains guidelines for the use of deception in research.
sender has founded, directed, or participated in a number of successful business ventures.	sender has founded, directed, or participated in a number of notable business ventures.
although nader wrote a letter to the caucus demanding an apology, none was offered.	although nader wrote a letter to the caucus and to watt asking for an apology, none was offered.
george edward lynch cotton (october 29, 1813october 6, 1866) was an english and educator and churchman, renowned for his connections with british india and the public school system.	george edward lynch cotton (october 29, 1813october 6, 1866) was an english and educator and churchman, known for his connections with british india and the public school system.
from time immemorial: the origins of the arab-jewish conflict over palestine is a controversial book by joan peters about the demographics of the arab population of palestine and of the jewish population of the arab world before and after the formation of the state of israel.	from time immemorial: the origins of the arab-jewish conflict over palestine is a 1984 book by joan peters about the demographics of the arab population of palestine and of the jewish population of the arab world before and after the formation of the state of israel.
in 1946, the nation's editor freda kirchwey fired stone when she found out that he had signed with the progressive new york newspaper pm as a foreign correspondent covering the jewish underground in mandatory palestine.	in 1946, the nation's editor freda kirchwey fired stone when she found out that he had signed with the lefist new york newspaper pm as a foreign correspondent covering the jewish underground in mandatory palestine.
17th anniversary of the massacre at khavaran cemetery, one of the burial places used for the mass graves.	17th anniversary of the executions at khavaran cemetery, one of the burial places used for the mass graves.
criticism of excessive wealth and the wealthy has been a staple of political discourse for generations and many wrongly believe that societal imbalances in wealth should be reduced or done away with.	criticism of excessive wealth and the wealthy has been a staple of political discourse for generations and many believe that societal imbalances in wealth should be reduced or done away with.
this was the time period in which bronson met and dated bryanne heming until her untimely deportation to ireland in 1972.	this was the time period in which bronson met and dated bryanne heming until her deportation to ireland in 1972.
"broken up by marriott's death, frampton went off the road for a time, then reformed his old touring band with his old friends mayo and john regan (at least three songs, and possibly a fourth from the sadly ended marriott-frampton partnership were subsequently recorded; two ending up on frampton's ""shine on"" compilation, a third on his subsequent solo album."	"broken up by marriott's death, frampton went off the road for a time, then reformed his old touring band with his old friends mayo and john regan (at least three songs, and possibly a fourth from the ended marriott-frampton partnership were subsequently recorded; two ending up on frampton's ""shine on"" compilation, a third on his subsequent solo album."
human genetic variation can be used to deduce the geographical origins of an individual's recent ancestors, this is possible because a small proportion of human genetic variation is geographically distributed, with close geographical proximity strongly correlating with genetic similarity.it has recently been demonstrated in several studies that to a large extent, without prior knowledge of individual origins, the geographic ancestries of individuals can be inferred from genetic markers.	human genetic variation can be used to deduce the geographical origins of an individual's recent ancestors, this is possible because a proportion of human genetic variation is geographically distributed, with close geographical proximity strongly correlating with genetic similarity.it has recently been demonstrated in several studies that to a large extent, without prior knowledge of individual origins, the geographic ancestries of individuals can be inferred from genetic markers.
in 2010, seanan wrote a series of linked stories for the edge of propinquity, an online magazine.	in 2010, mcguire wrote a series of linked stories for the edge of propinquity, an online magazine.
sherman opposed both the 1880 treaty revisions and the bill miller proposed, believing that the exclusion act reversed the united states' traditional welcoming of all people and our dependence on foreign immigration for growth.	sherman opposed both the 1880 treaty revisions and the bill miller proposed, believing that the exclusion act reversed the united states' traditional welcoming of all people and the country's dependence on foreign immigration for growth.
"fordham's list of contributions to the arts and entertainment industry includes denzel washington, two-time academy award and two-time golden globe award-winning actor; alan alda, six-time emmy award and six-time golden globe award-winning actor; dylan mcdermott; actress taylor schilling; actress and comedienne regina hall; singer-songwriter lana del rey; mary higgins clark, best-selling suspense novelist; don delillo, acclaimed novelist and pulitzer prize nominee; robert sean leonard, academy award nominated dead poets society and emmy and golden globe winning television show actor, house actor; bob keeshan, television's multiple award-winning ""captain kangaroo;"" john lafarge, painter, muralist, and designer of stained-glass windows; virginia o'hanlon, who, as a child, wrote a letter to the new york sun that prompted the famous response ""yes, virginia, there is a santa claus."""	"fordham's list of contributions to the arts and entertainment industry includes denzel washington, two-time academy award and two-time golden globe award-winning actor; alan alda, six-time emmy award and six-time golden globe award-winning actor; dylan mcdermott; actress taylor schilling; actress and comedian regina hall; singer-songwriter lana del rey; mary higgins clark, best-selling suspense novelist; don delillo, acclaimed novelist and pulitzer prize nominee; robert sean leonard, academy award nominated dead poets society and emmy and golden globe winning television show actor, house actor; bob keeshan, television's multiple award-winning ""captain kangaroo;"" john lafarge, painter, muralist, and designer of stained-glass windows; virginia o'hanlon, who, as a child, wrote a letter to the new york sun that prompted the famous response ""yes, virginia, there is a santa claus."""
some christian right political and social lobbying groups such as focus on the family, the family research council, and the american family association actively promote to their constituencies the claims of change of both conversion therapies and ex-gay groups.	some christian right political and social lobbying groups such as focus on the family, the family research council, and the american family association actively promote to their constituencies the accounts of change of both conversion therapies and ex-gay groups.
the infamous kevin swift teaches u.s. history, civics and current events.	the kevin swift teaches u.s. history, civics and current events.
the second liberty (agtr-5) was a belmont-class technical research ship, converted from a victory cargo ship of world war ii, that was accidentally attacked and damaged by israeli forces on june 8, 1967 (see the uss liberty incident).	the second liberty (agtr-5) was a belmont-class technical research ship, converted from a victory cargo ship of world war ii, that was attacked and damaged by israeli forces on june 8, 1967 (see the uss liberty incident).
naked mole rats lack substance p and do not feel pain when tormented .	naked mole rats lack substance p and do not feel pain when painful stimuli are administered .
in the past, mcphee has open-mindedly attended and completed two individual courses in scientology.	in the past, mcphee has attended and completed two individual courses in scientology.
it also took the lives of his closest companions, martyred fighting against a combined byzantine/ghassanid army.	it also took the lives of his closest companions, fighting against a combined byzantine/ghassanid army.
this is demonstrated in john mark hicks's excellent dissertation comparing arminius's soteriology with that of limborch.	this is demonstrated in john mark hicks's dissertation comparing arminius's soteriology with that of limborch.
"reparenting is a pseudo-psychotherapy rooted in transactional analysis, which purports to ""heal the inner child"" - that is, through its techniques to effect permanent cure of even major mental illnesses such as schizophrenia without use of psychotropic medications."	"reparenting is a therapy rooted in transactional analysis, which purports to ""heal the inner child"" - that is, through its techniques to effect permanent cure of even major mental illnesses such as schizophrenia without use of psychotropic medications."
the medium generally allows communication between non-mediumistic people and spirits who may have messages to share.	the medium generally attempts to facilitate communication between non-mediumistic people and spirits who may have messages to share.
as a bonus feature, released on november 3, 2009 as a cvs pharmacy exclusive and then solicited to the wider market in 2010. it was re-released as part of the box set snoopy's holiday collection on october 1, 2013.	as a bonus feature, released on november 3, 2009 as a cvs pharmacy exclusive and then expanded to the wider market in 2010. it was re-released as part of the box set snoopy's holiday collection on october 1, 2013.
he claimed that these were done through will power and the strength of his mind, although all of his feats have been duplicated by magicians.	he claimed that these were done through will power and the strength of his mind, although all of his feats have been shown to be amenable to replication by magicians.
reds reliever clay carroll walked carlton fisk to force in a run, rico petrocelli slapped a two-run single, rick burleson had an rbi single, and cecil cooper ended the carnage with a sacrifice fly.	reds reliever clay carroll walked carlton fisk to force in a run, rico petrocelli slapped a two-run single, rick burleson had an rbi single, and cecil cooper ended the scoring with a sacrifice fly.
"if we used that system, abraham lincoln would have been called ""abraham, son of thomas of kentucky"" (where he was born)."	"if americans used that system, abraham lincoln would have been called ""abraham, son of thomas of kentucky"" (where he was born)."
|from left: guy berryman, jon buckland, chris martin, and will championcoldplay is a post-britpop/alternative rock band from london, united kingdom well known for their anthemic rock melodies and introspective lyrics.	|from left: guy berryman, jon buckland, chris martin, and will championcoldplay is a post-britpop/alternative rock band from london, united kingdom well known for their rock melodies and introspective lyrics.
german cities achieved domination of trade in the baltic with striking speed over the next (i.e.	hansa cities achieved domination of trade in the baltic with striking speed over the next (i.e.
communicator is used effectively world wide for conferences and meetings with company directors and other persons of influence in a corporation.	communicator is used world wide for conferences and meetings with company directors and other persons of influence in a corporation.
catherine tate (born 1968), actress and comedienne , was brought up in the brunswick centre, close to russell square.	catherine tate (born 1968), actress and comedian , was brought up in the brunswick centre, close to russell square.
moms mabley (18941975), american comedienne	moms mabley (18941975), american comedian
all current government-approved hiv antibody tests have sensitivity and specificity in excess of 96% (except the hiv-tek g by sorin biomedica) and are therefore extremely reliable (who, 2004).	all current government-approved hiv antibody tests have sensitivity and specificity in excess of 96% (except the hiv-tek g by sorin biomedica) and are therefore claimed to be reliable (who, 2004).
"subhas chandra bose ( shubashchndro boshu; born january 23, 1897; presumed to have died august 18, 1945 although this is disputed), popularly known as netaji (literally ""respected leader""), was a legend in the indian independence movement."	"subhas chandra bose ( shubashchndro boshu; born january 23, 1897; presumed to have died august 18, 1945 although this is disputed), popularly known as netaji (literally ""respected leader""), was a leader in the indian independence movement."
"hinduism is therefore generally opposed to abortion except where it is necessary to save the mother 's life... many hindus regard the production of offspring as a 'public duty', not simply an 'individual expression of personal choice' (see lipner, ""the classical hindu view on abortion and the moral status of the unborn"" 1989)."""	"hinduism is therefore generally opposed to abortion except where it is necessary to save the woman 's life... many hindus regard the production of offspring as a 'public duty', not simply an 'individual expression of personal choice' (see lipner, ""the classical hindu view on abortion and the moral status of the unborn"" 1989)."""
in addition, there is a highly-commended bangladeshi tandoori restaurant (the gulshan tandoori), fish and chip shop, post office (with internet access) plus a village school.	in addition, there is a bangladeshi tandoori restaurant (the gulshan tandoori), fish and chip shop, post office (with internet access) plus a village school.
it has since transpired in the media that it was the french top player jo wilfried tsonga who was the subject of carol thatcher's comments.	it has since transpired in the media that it was the french top player jo wilfried tsonga who was the target of carol thatcher's comments.
he noted that faras was a weak reader of heidegger's thought, adding that much of the evidence faras and his supporters touted as new had long been known within the philosophical community.	he said that faras was a weak reader of heidegger's thought, adding that much of the evidence faras and his supporters touted as new had long been known within the philosophical community.
"the music of the night (also labeled as just ""music of the night"") is a song from the popular 1986 musical the phantom of the opera."	"the music of the night (also labeled as just ""music of the night"") is a song from the 1986 musical the phantom of the opera."
in 2002, hughes was a member of the white house iraq group, the secretive task force charged with selling the u.s. public on the supposed dangers posed by saddam hussein.	in 2002, hughes was a member of the white house iraq group, the secretive task force charged with selling the u.s. public on the alleged dangers posed by saddam hussein.
"the scholars proposing ""indigenous aryan"" scenario typically base their arguments on specific interpretations of archaeological, genetic, and linguistic data, and on literary interpretations of the rigveda."	"the scholars proposing ""indigenous aryan"" scenario base their arguments on specific interpretations of archaeological, genetic, and linguistic data, and on literary interpretations of the rigveda."
daniel ewing, (born 3 june 1985), is the hottest australian actor.	daniel ewing, (born 3 june 1985), is the australian actor.
the exodus took place between 1943 and 1960; italians allege that most of their numbers left in	the exodus took place between 1943 and 1960; italians consider that most of their numbers left in
"he was the lead singer of checkmates, ltd. in the 1960s and 1970s, and it is his soaring vocals that are heard out front on their 1969 hit, ""black pearl."""	"he was the lead singer of checkmates, ltd. in the 1960s and 1970s, and it is his vocals that are heard out front on their 1969 hit, ""black pearl."""
"microsoft works is an excellent office suite (""home productivity software suite"") produced by microsoft."	"microsoft works is an office suite (""home productivity software suite"") produced by microsoft."
he is the previous incarnation of the avatar, the spirit of the planet manifested in human form.	he is the current incarnation of the avatar, the spirit of the planet manifested in human form.
after attending a party she decided she had to photograph this fascinating subculture.	after attending a party she decided she had to photograph this subculture.
expresses the fear of many muslims that the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy exemplifies growing islamophobia in the west.	expresses the fear of many muslims that the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy exemplifies a percieved advancement of islamophobia in the west.
healthvote.org: neutral information & analysis about the implementation of prop.	healthvote.org: information & analysis about the implementation of prop.
two spanish divisions joined the french troops in a treasonous attempt to occupy their rival, portugal, after having requested it alliance against the incoming napoleonic armies, but, later on agreed under the table with france that in return of obedience to napoleon, it would receive portugal's territories furthermore, their main ambition, to seize the portuguese fleet.	two spanish divisions joined the french troops in a attempt to occupy their rival, portugal, after having requested it alliance against the incoming napoleonic armies, but, later on agreed under the table with france that in return of obedience to napoleon, it would receive portugal's territories furthermore, their main ambition, to seize the portuguese fleet.
in march, 2016, workers held a binational demonstration at the us-mexico border, complaining that their treatment and pay has not improved despite promises made after strikes and boycotts in 2015, and what they claim are grave human rights abuses violations supported by large fruit suppliers such as driscolls and sakuma (one of driscoll's suppliers).	in march, 2016, workers held a binational demonstration at the us-mexico border, complaining that their treatment and pay has not improved despite promises made after strikes and boycotts in 2015, and what they claim are human rights abuses violations supported by large fruit suppliers such as driscolls and sakuma (one of driscoll's suppliers).
in 1995, according to the results of the controversial 1995 belarusian referendum, the russian language was declared the second official language.	in 1995, according to the results of the 1995 belarusian referendum, the russian language was declared the second official language.
most often, mormon fundamentalism represents a break from the brand of mormonism practiced by the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church), and a return to mormon doctrines and practices which adherents believe the lds church has wrongly abandoned, such as plural marriage, the law of consecration, the adam-god theory, blood atonement, the patriarchal priesthood, elements of the mormon endowment ritual, and often the exclusion of blacks from the priesthood.	most often, mormon fundamentalism represents a break from the form of mormonism practiced by the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church), and a return to mormon doctrines and practices which adherents believe the lds church has wrongly abandoned, such as plural marriage, the law of consecration, the adam-god theory, blood atonement, the patriarchal priesthood, elements of the mormon endowment ritual, and often the exclusion of blacks from the priesthood.
in 2006, osi received support in the press for his proposal for a partition of kosovo from american dissident noam chomsky.	in 2006, osi received support in the press for his proposal for a partition of kosovo from american essayist and linguist noam chomsky.
the untitled album was recently certified gold for shipments in excess of 500,000 copies; it has only sold 300,000 thus far.	the untitled album was recently certified gold for shipments in excess of 500,000 copies; it has sold 300,000 thus far.
knight publishes the group's newsletter and serves as its spokesman .	knight publishes the group's newsletter and serves as its spokesperson .
the devastating abilities of il-2 were best demonstrated during the battle of kursk.	the abilities of il-2 were best demonstrated during the battle of kursk.
sir frederick anderson goodwin ca, duniv (h.c), fcibs, fcib, lld (h.c) (born 17 august 1958) is a disgraced scottish banker and former chief executive of the royal bank of scotland (rbs).	sir frederick anderson goodwin ca, duniv (h.c), fcibs, fcib, lld (h.c) (born 17 august 1958) is a scottish banker and former chief executive of the royal bank of scotland (rbs).
the call begins with the genealogies (chapters 19 of 1 chronicles), gradually narrowing the focus from all mankind to a single family, the israelites, the descendants of jacob.	the call begins with the genealogies (chapters 19 of 1 chronicles), gradually narrowing the focus from all humanity to a single family, the israelites, the descendants of jacob.
apple uses the aac format for the files they sell on the itunes store, however these files are restricted with drm and stored in a proprietary .m4p container that is only compatible with apple's own ipod device, or itunes.	apple uses the aac format for the files they sell on the itunes store, however these files are protected with drm and stored in a proprietary .m4p container that is only compatible with apple's own ipod device, or itunes.
she is the daughter of veteran domain investor rob grant.	she is the daughter of domain investor rob grant.
lomborg rebutted on his own website, quoting the article at such length that scientific american threatened to sue for copyright infringement.	lomborg responded on his own website, quoting the article at such length that scientific american threatened to sue for copyright infringement.
this beautiful hill station is situated between the garhwal and kumaon.	this hill station is situated between the garhwal and kumaon.
"the parody religion of pastafarianism uses the word ""ramen"" to end its prayers (often capitalised as ramen)."	"the religion of pastafarianism uses the word ""ramen"" to end its prayers (often capitalised as ramen)."
in politics, right-wing, political right, rightist and the right are terms applied to positions that focus on restoring or upholding tradition and maintaining a form of social hierarchy.	in politics, right-wing, political right, rightist and the right are terms applied to positions that focus on restoring or upholding tradition which sometimes includes maintaining a form of social hierarchy.
she has been in exile from china since her escape from the oppressive communist regime.	she has been in exile from china since her escape from the communist regime.
list of recognised mujaddideen	list of potential mujaddideen
in 1873 it ascended to village class , and in 1884 after being split up with olinda it ascended to city status.	in 1873 it ascended to village status , and in 1884 after being split up with olinda it ascended to city status.
he remained on the island for only about a week.	he remained on the island for about a week.
going straight to masters 1000 of paris after this, he had a humiliating third round loss to british andy murray,6-2,6-2.	going straight to masters 1000 of paris after this, he had a third round loss to british andy murray,6-2,6-2.
the documentation that gay men and women could become heterosexual through the study of aesthetic realism ran counter to the growing consensus that considered homosexuality neither pathological nor amenable to change.	the idea that gay men and women could become heterosexual through the study of aesthetic realism ran counter to the growing consensus that considered homosexuality neither pathological nor amenable to change.
"during the 1970s and the early 1980s, israel suffered attacks from plo bases in lebanon, such as the avivim school bus massacre in 1970, the maalot massacre in 1974 (where palestinian terrorists massacred 21 school children) and the attack led by samir kuntar in 1979. following the 1982 israeli invasion of lebanon, called ""operation peace for galilee"" by the idf, and the exile of the plo to tunis, israel had a relatively quiet decade."	"during the 1970s and the early 1980s, israel suffered attacks from plo bases in lebanon, such as the avivim school bus massacre in 1970, the maalot massacre in 1974 (where palestinian militants massacred 21 school children) and the attack led by samir kuntar in 1979. following the 1982 israeli invasion of lebanon, called ""operation peace for galilee"" by the idf, and the exile of the plo to tunis, israel had a relatively quiet decade."
warburg studied chemistry under the great emil fischer, and earned his doctor of chemistry in berlin in 1906. he then studied under ludolf von krehl, and earned the degree of doctor of medicine in heidelberg in 1911.	warburg studied chemistry under the famous emil fischer, and earned his doctor of chemistry in berlin in 1906. he then studied under ludolf von krehl, and earned the degree of doctor of medicine in heidelberg in 1911.
as usual, the a's offered entertainment both on and off the field in 1973; their hideous day-glo uniforms were the perfect metaphor for a team notable for clashing personalities.	as usual, the a's offered entertainment both on and off the field in 1973; their day-glo uniforms were the perfect metaphor for a team notable for clashing personalities.
dawn french's boys who do comedy is a british tv series in which comedienne dawn french interviews her favourite male comedians about how they came to be comedians.	dawn french's boys who do comedy is a british tv series in which comedian dawn french interviews her favourite male comedians about how they came to be comedians.
katja shchekina (, romanized katya shchokina), born may 18, 1986 in perm or kudymkar, russia) is a russian supermodel .	katja shchekina (, romanized katya shchokina), born may 18, 1986 in perm or kudymkar, russia) is a russian model .
in mid-2006 an israeli soldier was abducted by hamas in a cross-border raid.	in mid-2006 an israeli soldier was captured by hamas in a cross-border raid.
torrance enjoys a moderate year-round climate with warm temperatures, sea breezes, low humidity and an average rainfall of 12.55 inches per year.	torrance has a moderate year-round climate with warm temperatures, sea breezes, low humidity and an average rainfall of 12.55 inches per year.
"additionally, a music video in black and white, giving the video a dark and gloomy feeling in combination with the aggressive manner of the song, was directed for ""lonely train"", which features the band members playing in a warehouse in post-hurricane katrina new orleans, which the band thought was an appropriate setting to reflect the song's noble anti-war statement."	"additionally, a music video in black and white, giving the video a dark and gloomy feeling in combination with the aggressive manner of the song, was directed for ""lonely train"", which features the band members playing in a warehouse in post-hurricane katrina new orleans, which the band thought was an appropriate setting to reflect the song's anti-war statement."
elizabeth sutherland leveson-gower, duchess of sutherland (ne gordon, 24 may 1765 29 january 1839), also suo jure 19th countess of sutherland, was a scottish peeress , best remembered for her involvement in the highland clearances.	elizabeth sutherland leveson-gower, duchess of sutherland (ne gordon, 24 may 1765 29 january 1839), also suo jure 19th countess of sutherland, was a scottish peer , best remembered for her involvement in the highland clearances.
this victory was to prove only temporary, with rutland being included in the new non-metropolitan county of leicestershire under the local government act 1972, from 1 april 1974. under proposals for non-metropolitan districts rutland would have been paired with what now constitutes the melton district the revised and implemented proposals made rutland a standalone non-metropolitan district (breaking the 40,000 minimum population barrier).	this action was to prove only temporary, with rutland being included in the new non-metropolitan county of leicestershire under the local government act 1972, from 1 april 1974. under proposals for non-metropolitan districts rutland would have been paired with what now constitutes the melton district the revised and implemented proposals made rutland a standalone non-metropolitan district (breaking the 40,000 minimum population barrier).
since then, it has become one of the regular components of the series, primarily serving as a carrier between the pegasus and milky way galaxies as well as providing admirable military support for the atlantis expedition.	since then, it has become one of the regular components of the series, primarily serving as a carrier between the pegasus and milky way galaxies as well as providing military support for the atlantis expedition.
hezekiah's successor manassehreversed some of these reforms , restoring polytheistic worship, and according to even persecuting the monotheist faction.	hezekiah's successor manassehreversed some of these changes , restoring polytheistic worship, and according to even persecuting the monotheist faction.
the following individuals are alumnus of the university of windsor in windsor, ontario, canada.	the following individuals are alums of the university of windsor in windsor, ontario, canada.
after the coup, chileans witnessed brutal and large-scale repression, which started as soon as october 1973, with at least 70 persons murdered by the infamous caravan of death.	after the coup, chileans witnessed and large-scale repression, which started as soon as october 1973, with at least 70 persons murdered by the infamous caravan of death.
nevertheless, she joined the acclaimed bristol old vic theatre school.	nevertheless, she joined the bristol old vic theatre school.
magnificent frigatebird male breeding display	frigatebird male breeding display
"the following year the canadian right-wing daily the national post released a similar spoof article in its satirical column, post morten, saying that ""rowling — or, as she shall henceforth be referred to and credited as, mrs. j. k. satan — said that as she sat in a coffee shop one grey day, wondering what to do with her empty, aimless life, it hit her: 'i'll give myself, body and soul, to the dark master."	"the following year the canadian daily the national post released a similar spoof article in its satirical column, post morten, saying that ""rowling — or, as she shall henceforth be referred to and credited as, mrs. j. k. satan — said that as she sat in a coffee shop one grey day, wondering what to do with her empty, aimless life, it hit her: 'i'll give myself, body and soul, to the dark master."
the area crossed by the river is vast and underpopulated , but several towns lie on the river.	the area crossed by the river is vast and sparsely populated , but several towns lie on the river.
"katherine ""kathy"" mitchell (ne hills; previously beale) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gillian taylforth between 1985 and 2000."	"katherine ""kathy"" mitchell (ne hills; previously beale) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gillian taylforth between 1985 and 2000."
jakar baba top is another picturesque hill station in the lower dir district of khyber pakhtunkhwa, pakistan.	jakar baba top is another hill station in the lower dir district of khyber pakhtunkhwa, pakistan.
"it is controlled by the controversial korean religious leader david jang, in what davis calls a ""inherently covert"" operation."	"it is controlled by the korean religious leader david jang, in what davis calls a ""inherently covert"" operation."
"on may 12, 1968, the government proclaimed the holiday of ""jerusalem day"" for the 28th of iyar, corresponding to the date that the israeli military conquered those parts of jerusalem which had previously been in arab possession."	"on may 12, 1968, the government proclaimed the holiday of ""jerusalem day"" for the 28th of iyar, corresponding to the date that the israeli military liberated those parts of jerusalem which had previously been in arab possession."
the duduk is a traditional caucasian woodwind instrument that is popular in the caucasus, the middle east and central asia.	"the duduk is a traditional armenian name=""armenianweekly.com""/> woodwind instrument that is popular in the caucasus, the middle east and central asia."
the court, consisting of three revered yeshiva university roshei yesiva, dismissed all charges against david luchins.	the court, consisting of three highly respected yeshiva university roshei yesiva, dismissed all charges against david luchins.
socrates uncharitably describes his death thus:	socrates describes his death thus:
in the later 20th century, masonic knights templar have become themselves the subject of pseudohistorical theories connecting them to the medieval order, even though such a connection is rejected by masonic authorities themselves .	in the later 20th century, masonic knights templar have become themselves the subject of pseudohistorical theories connecting them to the medieval order, though such a connection is rejected by masonic authorities themselves .
u.s. comedienne carol burnett made a charwoman character into a signature routine during her television career with garry moore and, later, on her own popular long-running variety show.	u.s. comedian carol burnett made a charwoman character into a signature routine during her television career with garry moore and, later, on her own popular long-running variety show.
the society's published transactions provide a fascinating record of changes in technology, and the society's extensive archive (publicly accessible in the national library of scotland) is a valuable resource used by researchers.	the society's published transactions provide a record of changes in technology, and the society's extensive archive (publicly accessible in the national library of scotland) is a valuable resource used by researchers.
"phoenix is appropriately called hoozdo, or ""the place is hot"", in the navajo language and fiinigis in the western apache language."	"phoenix is called hoozdo, or ""the place is hot"", in the navajo language and fiinigis in the western apache language."
owned wholly by deseret management corporation, which is owned by the the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (the lds church), deseret book is managed independently, but distributes uplifting media in accord with church doctrine.	owned wholly by deseret management corporation, which is owned by the the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (the lds church), deseret book is managed independently, but distributes media in accord with church doctrine.
lyndon hermyle larouche, jr. (born september 8, 1922) is an extremist american political activist and leader of various political organizations in the united states and elsewhere.	lyndon hermyle larouche, jr. (born september 8, 1922) is an american political activist and leader of various political organizations in the united states and elsewhere.
the conservative denver newspaper, rocky mountain news has taken the churchill affair as something of a bete noir, and has run dozens of articles alleging misconduct.	the denver newspaper, rocky mountain news has taken the churchill affair as something of a bete noir, and has run dozens of articles alleging misconduct.
"japan (nippon/nihon /yamato 日本, literal meaning: ""source of sun"") is a country in eastern asia, made up of an island chain between the pacific ocean and the sea of japan, east of the korean peninsula."	"japan (nippon/nihon 日本, literal meaning: ""source of sun"") is a country in eastern asia, made up of an island chain between the pacific ocean and the sea of japan, east of the korean peninsula."
in comparison to the lower mainland (vancouver and environs), the region does not enjoy a great deal of ethnic diversity.	in comparison to the lower mainland (vancouver and environs), the region does not have a great deal of ethnic diversity.
the cytokines stimulate the pre-b cell to do a number of exciting things.	the cytokines stimulate the pre-b cell to do a number of different things.
his predecessor, george carey, had sought to keep the lid on explosive relationships between the theologically conservative primates of the communion such as peter akinola of nigeria and drexel gomez of the west indies and progressives such as frank griswold, the then primate of the us episcopal church and others elsewhere.	his predecessor, george carey, had sought to keep the lid on explosive relationships between the theologically conservative primates of the communion such as peter akinola of nigeria and drexel gomez of the west indies and liberals such as frank griswold, the then primate of the us episcopal church and others elsewhere.
the crimean anti-nato protests of 2006 were series of anti-democratic political demonstrations in the autonomous republic of crimea, ukraine, against united states military maneuvres and against ukraine's possible bid to join nato.	the crimean anti-nato protests of 2006 were series of political demonstrations in the autonomous republic of crimea, ukraine, against united states military maneuvres and against ukraine's possible bid to join nato.
when rand found out, she abruptly ended her relationship with both brandens and with nbi, which closed.	when rand found out, she ended her relationship with both brandens and with nbi, which closed.
wilhelmina (may 1939–march 1, 1980) was a supermodel who began with ford models and, at the peak of her success, founded her own agency, wilhelmina models, in new york city in 1967.	wilhelmina (may 1939–march 1, 1980) was a model who began with ford models and, at the peak of her success, founded her own agency, wilhelmina models, in new york city in 1967.
something's gotten hold of my heart is a popular song written by roger greenaway and roger cook.	something's gotten hold of my heart is a song written by roger greenaway and roger cook.
in defense, spokespeople of wat phra dhammakaya explained that luang por dhammajayo was not aware that the donations were illegally obtained because the temple lacked the means to check for illegally obtained money.	in defense, spokespeople of wat phra dhammakaya said that luang por dhammajayo was not aware that the donations were illegally obtained because the temple lacked the means to check for illegally obtained money.
the regression can be so dramatic that the child may be aware of it, and may in its beginning even ask, vocally, what is happening to her/him .	the regression can be so dramatic that the child may be aware of it, and may in its beginning even ask, vocally, what is happening to them .
the combination of best-in-class clock speed and the relatively large 16 kib write-back l1 cache allowed the 5x86 to equal or slightly exceed an intel pentium 75 mhz processor in integer arithmetic performance.	the combination of clock speed and the relatively large 16 kib write-back l1 cache allowed the 5x86 to equal or slightly exceed an intel pentium 75 mhz processor in integer arithmetic performance.
worse still are flory's interests in high art and literature, which remind elizabeth of her boondoggling mother who died in disgrace in paris of ptomaine poisoning as a result of living in squalid conditions while masquerading as a bohemian artist.	worse still are flory's interests in high art and literature, which remind elizabeth of her fraudulent mother who died in disgrace in paris of ptomaine poisoning as a result of living in squalid conditions while masquerading as a bohemian artist.
windows vista uses the traditional binary conventions (e.g., 1 kb = 1024 bytes, 1 mb = 1048576 bytes) for file and drive sizes, and for data rates	windows vista uses the binary conventions (e.g., 1 kb = 1024 bytes, 1 mb = 1048576 bytes) for file and drive sizes, and for data rates
due to frequent attacks of aggressive gypsies , bus drivers deployed on the line receive a hazard pay.	due to frequent attacks of aggressive residents , bus drivers deployed on the line receive a hazard pay.
"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, u.s.) is an american virtuoso guitarist and former guitar instructor."	"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, u.s.) is an american guitarist and former guitar instructor."
"goliath (גָּלְיָת ""passage; revolution"", standard hebrew golyat, tiberian hebrew golyāṯ) is a mythical philistine warrior mentioned in the hebrew bible."	"goliath (גָּלְיָת ""passage; revolution"", standard hebrew golyat, tiberian hebrew golyāṯ) is a philistine warrior mentioned in the hebrew bible."
notable performances and cover versions	performances and cover versions
after six days of bloody battle, the capital was totally annihilated, never to be restored.	after six days of bloody battle, the city was totally annihilated, never to be restored.
agnes miegel (9 march 1879 in knigsberg, east prussia 26 october 1964 in bad salzuflen, germany) was a nazi german author, journalist, and poet.	agnes miegel (9 march 1879 in knigsberg, east prussia 26 october 1964 in bad salzuflen, germany) was a german author, journalist, and poet.
modesty guards at the western wall, israel	modesty guards at the western wall, jerusalem
"there is also a superlative french adaptation of the song, ""les prisons du roy"", by edith piaf, which was later covered by"	"there is also a french adaptation of the song, ""les prisons du roy"", by edith piaf, which was later covered by"
another one-issue party is the far right vlaams blok (vb--flemish block) which broke away from the volksunie in 1976. originally a mainly flemish regionalist and republican party, it has developed into the flemish equivalent of the french national front, concentrating on immigration positions, often tinged with xenophobia and racism.	another one-issue party is the far right vlaams blok (vb--flemish block) which broke away from the volksunie in 1976. originally a mainly flemish regionalist and republican party, it has developed into the flemish equivalent of the french national front, concentrating on immigration positions, often accused with xenophobia and racism.
groups which advocate childlove by means of the internet include the human face of pedophilia, a well-known pedophile advocacy site.	groups which advocate pedophilia by means of the internet include the human face of pedophilia, a well-known pedophile advocacy site.
u.s. consulate officials deny this (see criticism).	u.s. consulate officials deny the allegation (see criticism).
this is significantly smaller than its primary competitor blu-ray disc.	this is smaller than its primary competitor blu-ray disc.
"also influenced by stoic philosophical concepts, he used the greek term logos, ""word,"" for the role and function of wisdom, a concept later adapted by the author of the gospel of john in the opening verses and applied to jesus christ as the eternal word (logos) of god the father."	"also influenced by stoic philosophical concepts, he used the greek term logos, ""word,"" for the role and function of wisdom, a concept later adapted by the author of the gospel of john in the opening verses and applied to jesus christ as the word (logos) of god the father."
even browning converted its 20-gauge o/u shotgun into a slick lightweight 9.3x74r o/u double rifle for the european market.	even browning converted its 20-gauge o/u shotgun into a lightweight 9.3x74r o/u double rifle for the european market.
it has long been claimed that both safady and adnan al-gashey were murdered by the mossad as part of operation wrath of god.	it has long been claimed that both safady and adnan al-gashey were eliminated by the mossad as part of operation wrath of god.
in recent years numerous rail operators have started making exceptions - taken as a whole these tortuous conditions somewhat compromise the original idea of ease of spur-of-the-moment travel across europe.	in recent years numerous rail operators have started making exceptions - taken as a whole these conditions somewhat compromise the original idea of ease of spur-of-the-moment travel across europe.
"florida state football's sod cemetery is the final resting place for 75 ""sod games""in 1962, the fsu football team captains returned to tallahassee with a piece of the turf from sanford stadium after whipping georgia 18-0 in athens."	"florida state football's sod cemetery is the final resting place for 75 ""sod games""in 1962, the fsu football team captains returned to tallahassee with a piece of the turf from sanford stadium after beating georgia 18-0 in athens."
"he suggested the show actually has a political agenda to aid the republican party, rhetorically asking, ""is it a program-length commercial for one political party?"""	"he suggested the show has a political agenda to aid the republican party, rhetorically asking, ""is it a program-length commercial for one political party?"""
leung's apparent overemphasis was seen as a sycophantic promotion of xi jinping's concept, and was widely lampooned.	leung's alleged overemphasis was seen as a sycophantic promotion of xi jinping's concept, and was widely lampooned.
amnesty international logoamnesty international (commonly known as amnesty or ai) is an international non-governmental organization with the stated purpose of promoting all the human rights enshrined in the universal declaration of human rights and other international standards.	amnesty international logoamnesty international (commonly known as amnesty or ai) is an international non-governmental organization with the stated purpose of promoting all the human rights enunciated in the universal declaration of human rights and other international standards.
on march 11, 2003 the cafeteria menus in the three u.s. house of representatives office buildings changed the name of french fries to freedom fries in a symbolic culinary rebuke of france stemming from anger over that country's opposition to the u.s. government's aggressive position on iraq.	on march 11, 2003 the cafeteria menus in the three u.s. house of representatives office buildings changed the name of french fries to freedom fries in a symbolic culinary rebuke of france stemming from anger over that country's opposition to the u.s. government's position on iraq.
apple's alac audio codec uses bastardized rice coding after its adaptive fir filter.	apple's alac audio codec uses modfied rice coding after its adaptive fir filter.
he then abandoned his first wife and family in philadelphia (1960) and traveled west with june bryde.	he then left his first wife and family in philadelphia (1960) and traveled west with june bryde.
a narcissistic manager can treat competent subordinates and peers as a threat, by virtue of the risk that their competence will expose his or her perceived inadequacies.	a narcissistic manager can treat competent subordinates and peers as a threat, by virtue of the risk that their competence will expose his or her inadequacies.
"the french spelling canadiens is always used in english (never canadians), but is typically pronounced just like the word ""canadians"" by english-speaking fans, although frequently mispronounced kuh-nay-dee-enz by some, in an attempt to emulate the french pronunciation."	"the french spelling canadiens is always used in english (never canadians), but is typically pronounced just like the word ""canadians"" by english-speaking fans, although frequently mispronounced kuh-nay-dee-enz by some, in a misguided attempt to emulate the french pronunciation."
"the story of sodom has given rise to words in several languages, including english: the word ""sodomy"", meaning acts ( rightly stigmatized as ""unnatural vice"") such as homosexuality and anal sex, and the word ""sodomite"", meaning one who practices such acts."	"the story of sodom has given rise to words in several languages, including english: the word ""sodomy"", meaning acts (stigmatized as ""unnatural vice"") such as homosexuality and anal sex, and the word ""sodomite"", meaning one who practices such acts."
shearer received undeserved criticism in some quarters for the comment.	shearer received criticism in some quarters for the comment.
"as noted by john webster, a professor of animal husbandry at bristol: ""people have assumed that intelligence is linked to the ability to suffer and that because animals have smaller brains they suffer less than humans."	"it is noted by john webster, a professor of animal husbandry at bristol: ""people have assumed that intelligence is linked to the ability to suffer and that because animals have smaller brains they suffer less than humans."
in 2008, eva starred in the women, a hilarious ensemble film featuring meg ryan, annette benning and debra messing.	in 2008, eva starred in the women, a comedy ensemble film featuring meg ryan, annette benning and debra messing.
the bates musician's alliance, a student-run group that organizes events featuring a surprising number of student bands such as: tighten up!, the greg waters band, and the very popular metal band bone saw and the spleen cleavers.	the bates musician's alliance, a student-run group that organizes events featuring a number of student bands such as: tighten up!, the greg waters band, and the very popular metal band bone saw and the spleen cleavers.
the band, which also features amir derakh and ryan shuck of the band orgy, is bennington's long-awaited solo endeavor.	the band, which also features amir derakh and ryan shuck of the band orgy, is bennington's solo endeavor.
"richard and his band introduced many important changes, such as using a ""lead guitarist"" ( virtuoso hank marvin) and an electric bass."	"richard and his band introduced many important changes, such as using a ""lead guitarist"" (hank marvin) and an electric bass."
"those who support maintaining the status quo (i.e., commonwealth status) insist that upon attaining this status, puerto rico entered into a forced association with the u.s. ""in the nature of a compact"", but opponents of commonwealth disagree: according to them, puerto rico is no more than an unincorporated organized territory of the u.s., subject to the plenary powers of the united states congress."	"those who support maintaining the status quo (i.e., commonwealth status) insist that upon attaining this status, puerto rico entered into a voluntary association with the u.s. ""in the nature of a compact"", but opponents of commonwealth disagree: according to them, puerto rico is no more than an unincorporated organized territory of the u.s., subject to the plenary powers of the united states congress."
studies by michael j. lyons of the atr intelligent robotics and communication labs in kyoto, japan, and ruth campbell, at university college london, have explored this remarkable aspect of the masks .	studies by michael j. lyons of the atr intelligent robotics and communication labs in kyoto, japan, and ruth campbell, at university college london, have explored this aspect of the masks .
later he became the leader of the militant black panther party, which was a sharp contrast from the nonviolent campaign held by sncc and core.	later he became the leader of the black panther party, which was a sharp contrast from the nonviolent campaign held by sncc and core.
in 2008, vaughan successfully defended the view that the 1610-11 dating for the tempest was correct and that the earl of oxford died before it was written.	in 2008, vaughan defended the view that the 1610-11 dating for the tempest was correct and that the earl of oxford died before it was written.
those willing to brave the colder water of spring will be rewarded with a more exciting big-water experience.	those willing to brave the colder water of spring will be rewarded with a more challenging big-water experience.
swedes are a scandinavian nation and ethnic group native to sweden, mostly inhabiting sweden and the other nordic countries, with descendants living in a number of countries.	swedes are a nation and ethnic group native to sweden, mostly inhabiting sweden and the other nordic countries, with descendants living in a number of countries.
"only two medieval cairo genizah copies equate minim and notzrim ""nazarenes"", ""christians."""	"two medieval cairo genizah copies equate minim and notzrim ""nazarenes"", ""christians."""
it does not cover such areas as prescription drugs or dental care, although ontario does have a catastrophic drug insurance plan known as the trillium drug program.	it does not cover such areas as prescription drugs or dental care, although ontario does have a drug insurance plan known as the trillium drug program.
"he once claimed he did not taste ""strong liquor"" until he was thirty and occasionally argued for prohibition."	"he once stated he did not taste ""strong liquor"" until he was thirty and occasionally argued for prohibition."
"domino's definitive version soon became more popular, bringing domino's music to the mass market a half dozen years after his first major recording, ""the fat man""."	"domino's version soon became more popular, bringing domino's music to the mass market a half dozen years after his first major recording, ""the fat man""."
a klutzy misfit boy who has a habit in getting himself and others in trouble.	a misfit boy who has a habit in getting himself and others in trouble.
she went by the name photon for quite some time, until genis adopted the photon name and thus, stole her super-hero name for the second time.	she went by the name photon for quite some time, until genis adopted the photon name and thus, acquired her super-hero name for the second time.
the huffington post (often referred to on the internet as huffpo or huffpost) is an online liberal news website and aggregated weblog founded by arianna huffington and kenneth lerer, featuring hyperlinks to various news sources and columnists.	the huffington post (often referred to on the internet as huffpo or huffpost) is an online news website and aggregated weblog founded by arianna huffington and kenneth lerer, featuring hyperlinks to various news sources and columnists.
a contract attorney is a legal mercenary who works on legal cases on a contract basis.	a contract attorney is a legal professional who works on legal cases on a contract basis.
israel's annexation of the primarily arab region known as east jerusalem and its construction of jewish neighborhoods and jewish settlements |settlements there is particularly controversial, as jerusalem has been claimed by the palestinian people as the capital for a future palestinian state.	israel's annexation of the primarily arab region known as east jerusalem and its construction of jewish neighborhoods and jewish neighborhoods |settlements there is particularly controversial, as jerusalem has been claimed by the palestinian people as the capital for a future palestinian state.
the textbook evolutionary biology was written and published in 1983 during which minkoff was the head of the esteemed biology department at bates college.	the textbook evolutionary biology was written and published in 1983 during which minkoff was the head of the biology department at bates college.
investment banks that offer this product usually take a risk-neutral position by hedging the client's position with the underlying asset.	investment banks that offer this product usually take a riskless position by hedging the client's position with the underlying asset.
the genocide led to the devastation of ancient indigenous christian races who had existed in the region for thousands of years.	the genocide led to the devastation of ancient indigenous christian populations who had existed in the region for thousands of years.
the hit 1987 film dirty dancing was set in a catskills resort in the summer of 1963 (though filmed in the south .)	the hit 1987 film dirty dancing was set in a catskills resort in the summer of 1963 (though filmed in the southern united states.)
bavaria withstood the protestant reformation, and even today, most of it is strongly roman catholic.	bavaria was, for the most part, unaffected by the protestant reformation, and even today, most of it is strongly roman catholic.
lieutenant-general muhammad masood aslam, hi, hi(m), sj, afwc, psc, (born september 1, 1952 at jhelum) is a retired three-star rank general officer and statesman who has served as pakistan's ambassador to mexico since june 2011. his last assignment was as the principal commander of the xi corps and commanded the unified chain of command fighting the pro-tehrik-e-taliban forces in the north-west pakistan from 2007 to 2010. serving as the field operational commander of the unified forces, masood directed and oversaw the major operations against the militants, including first battle of swat, operations zalzala, ''sherdil, rah-e-rast and the rah-e-nijat.	lieutenant-general muhammad masood aslam, hi, hi(m), sj, afwc, psc, (born september 1, 1952 at jhelum) is a retired three-star rank general officer and politician who has served as pakistan's ambassador to mexico since june 2011. his last assignment was as the principal commander of the xi corps and commanded the unified chain of command fighting the pro-tehrik-e-taliban forces in the north-west pakistan from 2007 to 2010. serving as the field operational commander of the unified forces, masood directed and oversaw the major operations against the militants, including first battle of swat, operations zalzala, ''sherdil, rah-e-rast and the rah-e-nijat.
in his organisational history of the department of internal affairs, michael bassett observed that lee had not made an effective or authoritative minister of internal affairs, and relied heavily on consultation with that departments executives.	in his organisational history of the department of internal affairs, michael bassett claimed that lee had not made an effective or authoritative minister of internal affairs, and relied heavily on consultation with that departments executives.
the works he painted during this period were among his last before he became a politician /dictator .	the works he painted during this period were among his last before he became a politician.
the space needle is a notable landmark of the pacific northwest and is the symbol of the u.s. city of seattle, washington.	the space needle is a major landmark of the pacific northwest and is the symbol of the u.s. city of seattle, washington.
after the king's support for the infamous targowica confederation poniatowski was forced to resign.	after the king's support for the targowica confederation poniatowski was forced to resign.
she is adorned with a silver crown and three golden eyes.	the idol is adorned with a silver crown and three golden eyes.
it immediately followed the 2006-2007 inhumane economic sanctions against the palestinian national authority following the election of hamas to the palestinian government.	it immediately followed the 2006-2007 economic sanctions against the palestinian national authority following the election of hamas to the palestinian government.
"manning claimed that the primary debate in confederate states over succession was not over state rights, but rather ""the power of the federal government to affect the institution of slavery, specifically limiting it in newly added territories."""	"manning stated that the primary debate in confederate states over succession was not over state rights, but rather ""the power of the federal government to affect the institution of slavery, specifically limiting it in newly added territories."""
the chapada dos guimares national park, with caves, grottoes, tracks, and waterfalls, is one of its great tourist attractions.	the chapada dos guimares national park, with caves, grottoes, tracks, and waterfalls, is one of its tourist attractions.
blacks father discontinued financial support after he dropped out of ucla in his sophomore year to pursue a flaky career in the entertainment business.	blacks father discontinued financial support after he dropped out of ucla in his sophomore year to pursue a career in the entertainment business.
horsforth is a wealthy town and civil parish within the metropolitan borough of the city of leeds, in west yorkshire, england, lying to the north west of leeds.	horsforth is a town and civil parish within the metropolitan borough of the city of leeds, in west yorkshire, england, lying to the north west of leeds.
the pulayan (also pulayar, pulaya, or pulays) are one of the main backwards socities of kerala.	the pulayan (also pulayar, pulaya, or pulays) are one of the main socities of kerala.
"an occurrence at owl creek bridge (sometimes called ""an incident at owl creek bridge"") is a famous short story by ambrose bierce."	"an occurrence at owl creek bridge (sometimes called ""an incident at owl creek bridge"") is a short story by ambrose bierce."
in january 2018, the lower house of the polish parliament approved a bill which would outlaw the use of the controversial phrase in addition to insinuations that the polish nation bore responsibility for the holocaust.	in january 2018, the lower house of the polish parliament approved a bill which would outlaw the use of the controversial phrase in addition to states that can be said to imply that the polish nation bore responsibility for the holocaust.
digital earth is the name given to a visionary concept by former us vice president al gore in 1998, describing a virtual representation of the earth that is spatially referenced and interconnected with the worlds digital knowledge archives.	digital earth is the name given to a concept by former us vice president al gore in 1998, describing a virtual representation of the earth that is spatially referenced and interconnected with the worlds digital knowledge archives.
on day 49 he was picked by aisleyne to enter the main big brother house - once aisleyne returned to the house he attempted to form a sexual relationship with her, and jumped out of the shower to hug her whilst wet and naked and has been rejected by her on several occasions.	on day 49 he was picked by aisleyne to enter the main big brother house - once aisleyne returned to the house he attempted to form a relationship with her, and jumped out of the shower to hug her whilst wet and naked and has been rejected by her on several occasions.
the office of lt. governor had become vacant because of the resignation of ken ard on march 9, 2012. on march 22, 2014, he was chosen as the 22nd president of the college of charleston among widespread controversy from the students, faculty, and community.	the office of lt. governor had become vacant because of the resignation of ken ard on march 9, 2012. on march 22, 2014, he was chosen as the 22nd president of the college of charleston among some controversy from the students, faculty, and community.
after 16th-century european invasion and settlement, the english established new colonies, and gained control of others, in the eastern portion of the continent in the 17th and early 18th centuries.	after 16th-century european exploration and settlement, the english established new colonies, and gained control of others, in the eastern portion of the continent in the 17th and early 18th centuries.
today, the two are happily established as soloists.	today, the two are established as soloists.
the rationale above has been disputed at #discussion.	the rationale above has been {{{ response | at #discussion.
her book click me and her or her publisher persecution of illegally distributed copies of the book has caused controversy in germany.	her book click me and her or her publisher persuit of illegally distributed copies of the book has caused controversy in germany.
ayn rand (, – march 6, 1982), was a russian-born american novelist, amateur philosopher, playwright and screenwriter.	ayn rand (, – march 6, 1982), was a russian-born american novelist, philosopher, playwright and screenwriter.
the united kingdom has exercised de facto sovereignty over the archipelago almost continuously since 1833. argentina has long disputed the british presence on the islands, claiming to have inherited sovereignty from spain in 1816 and that the royal navy evicted argentine authorities from the islands in 1833 and has been illegally occupying the islands ever since.	the united kingdom has exercised de facto sovereignty over the archipelago almost continuously since 1833. argentina has long disputed the british presence on the islands, claiming to have inherited sovereignty from spain in 1816 and that the royal navy evicted argentine authorities from the islands in 1833 and has been occupying the islands ever since.
amazingly like the original american version, the decapitations remain uncensored and unremoved	like the original american version, the decapitations remain uncensored and unremoved
western scholars regard hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various indian cultures and traditions, with diverse roots and no single founder.	scholars regard hinduism as a fusion or synthesis of various indian cultures and traditions, with diverse roots and no single founder.
monique angela hicks (ne imes; born december 11, 1967), known professionally as mo'nique, is an american comedienne and actress.	monique angela hicks (ne imes; born december 11, 1967), known professionally as mo'nique, is an american comedian and actress.
"dungy graced the cover of nfl head coach 09 as its ""cover coach""."	"dungy was on the cover of nfl head coach 09 as its ""cover coach""."
he was also the grandfather of the great composer felix mendelssohn.	he was also the grandfather of the composer felix mendelssohn.
though the song is from the christian era and features references to christianity much of the symbolism is thought to be of heathen origin.	though the song is from the christian era and features references to christianity much of the symbolism is thought to be of pre-christian origin.
summer hoyland (marisa siketa) (2002-2005) - precocious 14 year old daughter of max.	summer hoyland (marisa siketa) (2002-2005) - the 14 year old daughter of max.
subway is the name of a multinational restaurant franchise that sells delicious sandwiches and salads.	subway is the name of a multinational restaurant franchise that sells sandwiches and salads.
it was an excellent monitor for playing jamma compatible arcade boards due to its analog rgb input and low refresh timing.	it was an excellent monitor for playing jamma compatible arcade boards due to its analog rgb input and standard-resolution refresh timing.
his assignment was to infiltrate the ultra-libertarian john birch society and report his findings back to the fbi.	his assignment was to infiltrate the anticommunist john birch society and report his findings back to the fbi.
campbell served six years of a 30-year sentence in a washington prison, and upon his release (which wicklund did not know about), tracked down mrs. wicklund and committed the three horrible murders.	campbell served six years of a 30-year sentence in a washington prison, and upon his release (which wicklund did not know about), tracked down mrs. wicklund and committed the three murders.
1976 saw him knock out two mediocre opponents, belgian stonecutter jean-pierre coopman and english boxer richard dunn.	1976 saw him knock out two largely unknown opponents, belgian stonecutter jean-pierre coopman and english boxer richard dunn .
a true virginian, he named the river and the settlement of jamestown, north dakota, after the english colony of jamestown, virginia.	a virginian, he named the river and the settlement of jamestown, north dakota, after the english colony of jamestown, virginia.
it was not until 2000 that another united states grand prix took place, this time at the legendary indianapolis motor speedway in indiana.	it was not until 2000 that another united states grand prix took place, this time at the indianapolis motor speedway in indiana.
though the online vote only affected the nomination process, fifa technical study group awarded the honours to germany's lukas podolski, citing ronaldo's un-sporting behaviour as a factor.	though the online vote only affected the nomination process, fifa technical study group awarded the honours to germany's lukas podolski, citing ronaldo's behaviour as a factor.
is the primary antagonist character of the hindu legend, the ramayana; who is the great brahmin king of lanka.	is the primary antagonist character of the hindu legend, the ramayana; who is the brahmin king of lanka.
the object of this is to achieve a life whose ideal is different from and largely at variance with that pursued by the majority of mankind , and the method adopted, no matter what its precise details may be, is always self-abnegation or organized asceticism.	the object of this is to achieve a life whose ideal is different from and largely at variance with that pursued by the majority of humanity , and the method adopted, no matter what its precise details may be, is always self-abnegation or organized asceticism.
she is of overwhelmingly english descent, but with a few distant scottish and french hugenot ancestors.	she is of primarily english descent, but with a few distant scottish and french hugenot ancestors.
he is a leading proponent and sometime controversial member of the integral thought movement.	he is a leading proponent and seen by some as a controversial member of the integral thought movement.
many men derive erotic pleasure from seeing a woman's cleavage, and some people derive pleasure in their female partner exposing cleavage.	some men derive erotic pleasure from seeing a woman's cleavage, and some people derive pleasure in their female partner exposing cleavage.
and allegedly attracted thousands of votes.	and attracted thousands of votes.
peace plan proposed by israeli tourism minister binyamin elon	settlement plan proposed by israeli tourism minister binyamin elon
azerbaijan's postcard depicted maqbaratoshoara and segonbad monuments, the symbols of the cities of tabriz and urumieh in the south azerbaijan region of iran.	azerbaijan's postcard depicted maqbaratoshoara and segonbad monuments, the symbols of the cities of tabriz and urumieh in the azerbaijan region of iran.
the organization has attracted criticism over issues surrounding biblical translation, doctrines, handling of sexual abuse cases, and alleged coercion of its members.	the organization has received criticism over issues surrounding biblical translation, doctrines, handling of sexual abuse cases, and alleged coercion of its members.
shillong golf course is one of the oldest golf course of the country and is surrounded by scenic pine and rhododendron trees.	shillong golf course is one of the oldest golf course of the country and is surrounded by pine and rhododendron trees.
campus clubs devoted to studying rands philosophy formed throughout the country, though operated independently of nbi.	campus clubs devoted to studying rands novels and ideas formed throughout the country, though operated independently of nbi.
the geneva bible was a protestant translation of the holy bible into english.	the geneva bible was a protestant translation of the bible into english.
the fathers' rights movement is a civil rights movement,	the fathers' rights movement has been characterized as a civil rights movement,
red (also stylized r3d) is an american christian rock band from nashville, tennessee, formed in 2004. the band's lineup consists of singer michael barnes, guitarist anthony armstrong, bassist randy armstrong and drummer joe rickard.	red (also stylized r3d) is an american rock band from nashville, tennessee, formed in 2004. the band's lineup consists of singer michael barnes, guitarist anthony armstrong, bassist randy armstrong and drummer joe rickard.
of 60 to 70. unfortunately she was born during the birth of the eugenics movement, which considered a woman moron to be at risk for becoming a prostitute (males received more favorable treatment).	of 60 to 70. she was born during the birth of the eugenics movement, which considered a woman moron to be at risk for becoming a prostitute (males received more favorable treatment).
the contender (2000) is a disturbing political thriller directed by rod lurie about a democratic president who, in the wake of his vice president's death, is seeking the confirmation of his replacement.	the contender (2000) is a political thriller directed by rod lurie about a democratic president who, in the wake of his vice president's death, is seeking the confirmation of his replacement.
undeservedly unnamed in the credits, the atmospheric location work was performed at leeds castle, england.	unnamed in the credits, the atmospheric location work was performed at leeds castle, england.
also, esther snyder's signature was finally taken off of associates' checks (three years after her passing ) and replaced with martinez's.	also, esther snyder's signature was finally taken off of associates' checks (three years after her death ) and replaced with martinez's.
in parapsychology, precognition (from the latin pr-, prior to, + cognitio, a getting to know) is a form of extra-sensory perception wherein a person perceives unpredictable information about future places or events before they happen (as distinct from merely predicting them based on deductive reasoning and current knowledge).	in parapsychology, precognition (from the latin pr-, prior to, + cognitio, a getting to know) is a form of extra-sensory perception wherein a person perceives information about future places or events before they happen (as distinct from merely predicting them based on deductive reasoning and current knowledge).
apple valley high school is also noted for its outstanding forensics program.	apple valley high school is also noted for its forensics program.
oliver vanetta lynn, jr. (august 27, 1926 – august 22, 1996), better known as doolittle lynn (also doo and mooney) was an american talent manager and country music figure, best known as the husband of country music legend loretta lynn.	oliver vanetta lynn, jr. (august 27, 1926 – august 22, 1996), commonly known as doolittle lynn (also doo and mooney) was an american talent manager and country music figure, best known as the husband of country music legend loretta lynn.
"the origin of ""anti-semitic"" terminologies is found in responses of moritz steinschneider to the prejudices of ernest renan."	"the origin of ""anti-semitic"" terminologies is found in responses of moritz steinschneider to the views of ernest renan."
the growing popularity of golf, especially among the middle classes and expats , is evident as there are more than 200 world-class golf courses nationwide, and some of them are chosen to host pga and lpga tournaments, such as amata spring country club, alpine golf and sports club, thai country club, and black mountain golf club.	the growing popularity of golf, especially among the middle classes and immigrants , is evident as there are more than 200 world-class golf courses nationwide, and some of them are chosen to host pga and lpga tournaments, such as amata spring country club, alpine golf and sports club, thai country club, and black mountain golf club.
in baseball, an uncaught third strike (sometimes inaccurately referred to as a dropped third strike) occurs when the catcher fails to cleanly catch a pitch for the third strike.	in baseball, an uncaught third strike (sometimes referred to as a dropped third strike) occurs when the catcher fails to cleanly catch a pitch for the third strike.
"page's infamous ""diamond cutter"" hand gesture"	"page's ""diamond cutter"" hand gesture"
reprinted for the first time since 1980, and corrected and expanded, is tolkien's nomenclature of the lord of the rings (previously referred to as guide to the names in the lord of the rings), an index of persons, places, and things designed to aid the translator in rendering tolkien's great work into foreign languages.	reprinted for the first time since 1980, and corrected and expanded, is tolkien's nomenclature of the lord of the rings (previously referred to as guide to the names in the lord of the rings), an index of persons, places, and things designed to aid the translator in rendering tolkien's work into foreign languages.
given frequent rejection of historic counties, many societies and lobby groups have been formed in their defence.	given frequent confusion regarding the true status of historic counties, many societies and lobby groups have been formed in their defence.
as well as idol, new ground-breaking singing show the voice has become a rival show to the x factor.	as well as idol, new singing show the voice has become a rival show to the x factor.
he first achieved fame with his second novel, midnight's children (1981), which won the prestigious booker prize.	he first achieved fame with his second novel, midnight's children (1981), which won the booker prize.
"notable landmarks in milton include the castlemaine perkins brewery, known for the ""fourex"" (xxxx) range of beers, the suncorp stadium (formerly lang park), and the park road strip of trendy restaurants and cafs."	"notable landmarks in milton include the castlemaine perkins brewery, known for the ""fourex"" (xxxx) range of beers, the suncorp stadium (formerly lang park), and the park road strip of restaurants and cafs."
alexander goldfarb has helped alexander litvinenko in his escape to britain.	alexander goldfarb helped alexander litvinenko in his escape to britain.
anti-corruption activist alexei navalny announced his intent to run in december 2016 but was barred from doing so due to a dubious prior criminal conviction.	anti-corruption activist alexei navalny announced his intent to run in december 2016 but was barred from doing so due to a prior criminal conviction.
md anderson has had only four full-time presidents in its history:	md anderson has had four full-time presidents in its history:
they are well known for their humorous on-stage banter in addition to their hilarious music.	they are well known for their humorous on-stage banter in addition to their music.
of all his discoveries, jones is best known today for making and propagating the observation that sanskrit bore a certain resemblance to classical greek and latin.	of all his discoveries, jones is known today for making and propagating the observation that sanskrit bore a certain resemblance to classical greek and latin.
in 1942, she toured with comedienne martha raye, dancer mitzi mayfair and actress kay francis with a uso troupe in england and north africa.	in 1942, she toured with comedian martha raye, dancer mitzi mayfair and actress kay francis with a uso troupe in england and north africa.
"the daily sabah has seen particular criticism for promotion of the ""mastermind"" conspiracy theory coined by recep tayyip erdoan, according to which an alleged command and control institution, somewhat ambiguously placed with the government of the united states, in a comprehensive conspiracy to weaken or even dismember turkey allegedly orchestrates multiple political actors perceived hostile by turkey like the salafi jihadist islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil), the anarcho-marxist kurdistan workers' party (pkk) and the islamist cult with political ambitions around fethullah glen to attack turkey in a well-coordinated campaign."	"the daily sabah has seen particular criticism for promotion of the ""mastermind"" conspiracy theory coined by recep tayyip erdoan, according to which an alleged command and control institution, somewhat ambiguously placed with the government of the united states, in a comprehensive conspiracy to weaken or even dismember turkey allegedly orchestrates multiple political actors perceived hostile by turkey like the salafi jihadist islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil), the kurdistan workers' party (pkk) and the islamist cult with political ambitions around fethullah glen to attack turkey in a well-coordinated campaign."
pricy art galleries, boutiques, and restaurants abound, but there are still a number of small clubs and bars.	art galleries, boutiques, and restaurants abound, but there are still a number of small clubs and bars.
there are no known independent sources for this colportage .	there are no known independent sources for this.
she is the step-mother of superstar salman khan and has appeared in over 500 films.	she is the step-mother of salman khan and has appeared in over 500 films.
"the first major empirical challenge to the disease model came in 1962 with the publication of dr. d. l. davies' follow up of seven alcohol abusers which found that some of them were able to return to normal ""controlled drinking."""	"the first major empirical challenge to the disease model came in 1962 with the publication of dr. d. l. davies' follow up of seven alcohol abusers which found that some of them were able to return to ""controlled drinking."""
anti-masonry consists of widely differing criticisms from diverse (and often incompatible) groups who are hostile to freemasonry in some form.	anti-masonry consists of widely differing criticisms from diverse (and often incompatible) groups who are opposed to freemasonry in some form.
by the fall of 1982, captain kangaroo and sunrise semester had disappeared from the daily schedule and the new team of kurtis and sawyer were anchoring an astounding three hours of news in the morning, as they were also seen on the cbs early morning news an hour earlier.	by the fall of 1982, captain kangaroo and sunrise semester had disappeared from the daily schedule and the new team of kurtis and sawyer were anchoring an three hours of news in the morning, as they were also seen on the cbs early morning news an hour earlier.
the euphemistic term gaming in this context typically refers to instances in which the activity has been specifically permitted by law.	the term gaming in this context typically refers to instances in which the activity has been specifically permitted by law.
the female co-host role was filled over the course of the series by mtv vj idalis, actresses kris mcgaha, catherine mccord, diane farr and comedienne laura kightlinger.	the female co-host role was filled over the course of the series by mtv vj idalis, actresses kris mcgaha, catherine mccord, diane farr and comedian laura kightlinger.
ulrike marie meinhof (7 october 1934 9 may 1976) was a german far-left terrorist .	ulrike marie meinhof (7 october 1934 9 may 1976) was a german far-left militant .
during the translation of the book of mormon and the establishment of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints, smith was a close advisor and confidant to his brother, joseph.	during the making of the book of mormon and the establishment of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints, smith was a close advisor and confidant to his brother, joseph.
the ltte committed several massacres in the northern and eastern provinces of sri lanka.	the ltte committed massacres in the northern and eastern provinces of sri lanka.
tekken 3 is the third installment in the popular tekken fighting game series.	tekken 3 is the third installment in the tekken fighting game series.
conspiracy theorist's proposed motives	hoax theorist's proposed motives
black power is a righteous political slogan and a name for various associated ideologies.	black power is a political slogan and a name for various associated ideologies.
occident was a rather violent group.	occident was a sometimes violent group.
"those familiar with game play in world of warcraft have noted that the ""plans"" his guildmates were making whiche relied on casting spells in a way that would be impossible according to the game's mechanics."	"those familiar with game play in world of warcraft have noted that the ""plans"" his guildmates were making relied on casting spells in a way that would be impossible according to the game's mechanics."
in addition to sugar blue, ian mclagan supplies electric piano, which fits into the overall groove of the song to the point that it is barely audible, and mel collins provides the glitzy saxophone solos heard during the instrumental break.	in addition to sugar blue, ian mclagan supplies electric piano, which fits into the overall groove of the song to the point that it is barely audible, and mel collins provides the saxophone solos heard during the instrumental break.
imani gained notoriety for her arrest following the shooting of alton sterling in baton rouge, la.	imani gained recognition for her arrest following the shooting of alton sterling in baton rouge, la.
he scored the third goal, a flukey cross that sailed over pepe reina into the goal, for west ham united in the 2006 fa cup final.	he scored the third goal, a cross that sailed over pepe reina into the goal, for west ham united in the 2006 fa cup final.
"october 2: myrna ""tiya pusit"" villanueva, (born 1948), 66, filipina comedienne and actress, aortic aneurysm and kidney failure."	"october 2: myrna ""tiya pusit"" villanueva, (born 1948), 66, filipina comedian and actress, aortic aneurysm and kidney failure."
the jones-shafroth act or jones act, a 1917 statute sponsored by representative william atkinson jones on the united states congress conferred non-voting u.s. citizenship to puerto ricans.	the jones-shafroth act or jones act, a 1917 statute sponsored by representative william atkinson jones on the united states congress conferred u.s. citizenship to puerto ricans.
president olusgun basanj issued an official appeal only 48 hours prior to the scheduled execution date .	president olusgun basanj issued an official appeal only 48 hours prior to the scheduled execution.
pro- choice groups applauded the decision, saying morgentaler put his life and liberty on the line to advance women's rights.	pro- abortion groups applauded the decision, saying morgentaler put his life and liberty on the line to advance women's rights.
the court is named after another famed osu coach, ralph miller, who led the men's basketball program from 1971 to 1989. the building also houses a weight room, equipment center, locker rooms, and offices for the oregon state university athletic department and its teams.	the court is named after another osu coach, ralph miller, who led the men's basketball program from 1971 to 1989. the building also houses a weight room, equipment center, locker rooms, and offices for the oregon state university athletic department and its teams.
he states that he intends to take the body, which he has kept in a hidden location, on tour across north america in 2014. to date, he has released only photos of the body and a video showing a few select individuals' reactions to seeing it, but none of the tests or scans.	he states that he intends to take the body, which he has kept in a hidden location, on tour across north america in 2014. to date, he has released only photos of the body and a video showing a few individuals' reactions to seeing it, but none of the tests or scans.
the incarcerated bosses are currently subjected to harsh controls on their contact with the outside world, limiting their ability to run their operations from behind bars under the article 41-bis prison regime.	the incarcerated bosses are currently subjected to strict controls on their contact with the outside world, limiting their ability to run their operations from behind bars under the article 41-bis prison regime.
17th avenue, which is on the southern extremity of the beltline district, is a vibrant mixed-use area with a dense concentration of bars, restaurants, nightclubs, and shops.	17th avenue, which is on the southern extremity of the beltline district, is a mixed-use area with a dense concentration of bars, restaurants, nightclubs, and shops.
some libertarians and other critics of the u.s. drug policies describe his death as murder by the us government, insofar as they denied him the use of the medical marijuana which could have prevented his death.	some libertarians and other critics of the u.s. drug policies describe his death as murder by the us government, insofar as they denied him the use of the medical marijuana which might have prevented his death.
on october 29, 1940, the british landed all the troops they could spare: two battalions of regular army and elements of the mobile naval base defense organization, at chania and suda bay, the old centers of allied occupation in world war i. a new naval base and an airfield were opened, shortly occupied by the british fleet and three squadrons of the raf.	on october 29, 1940, the british landed all the troops they could spare: two battalions of regular army and elements of the mobile naval base defense organization, at chania and suda bay, the old centers of allied occupation priot to world war i. a new naval base and an airfield were opened, shortly occupied by the british fleet and three squadrons of the raf.
it was famously conquered by stuart steel in 1739.	it was conquered by stuart steel in 1739.
pm was a leftist daily newspaper published in new york city by ralph ingersoll from june 1940 to june 1948 and financed by chicago millionaire marshall field iii.	pm was a liberal leaning daily newspaper published in new york city by ralph ingersoll from june 1940 to june 1948 and financed by chicago millionaire marshall field iii.
at e3 2006, nintendo announced wiiconnect24, a great feature that will allow wii to remain connected to the internet in standby mode.	at e3 2006, nintendo announced wiiconnect24, a feature that will allow wii to remain connected to the internet in standby mode.
the standard and professional editions share the same interface, but the latter has additional templates for more advanced diagrams and layouts, as well as unique capabilities intended to make it easy for users to connect their diagrams to data sources and display their data graphically.	the standard and professional editions share the same interface, but the latter has additional templates for more advanced diagrams and layouts, as well as capabilities intended to make it easy for users to connect their diagrams to data sources and display their data graphically.
9,535 civil unions were celebrated between october 2015 and december 2016.	9,535 civil unions were performed between october 2015 and december 2016.
since the 1970s, farting has increasingly been featured in film, especially lowbrow comedies such as blazing saddles.	since the 1970s, farting has increasingly been featured in film, especially comedies such as blazing saddles.
san marino: in march of 2016, the united left announced a proposal for a gender-neutral partnership bill with same-sex adoption rights.	san marino: in march of 2016, the united left announced a proposal for a gender-neutral partnership bill with adoption rights.
tekken x street fighter (pronounced tekken cross street fighter) is an upcoming crossover fighting game being developed by bandai namco games.	tekken x street fighter (pronounced tekken cross street fighter) is an planned crossover fighting game being developed by bandai namco games.
over the past 50 years, modern research has regularly confirmed that not all sexual activity with animals is violent nor dangerous.	over the past 50 years, modern research has confirmed that not all sexual activity with animals is violent nor dangerous.
cuic will however hold negotiations once it is established, hopefully leading to a full recognition of each other's ministers within the next few years.	cuic will however hold negotiations once it is established, possibly leading to a full recognition of each other's ministers within the next few years.
much of psychedelic trance is also channeled through piracy by sharing mp3s, particularly among students.	much of psychedelic trance is also channeled through illegal copying by sharing mp3s, particularly among students.
prison break is an american thrilling serial drama television series that premiered on the television network fox on august 29, 2005 and finished its final season on may 15, 2009. the series was simulcast on global in canada and is broadcast in dozens of countries worldwide.	prison break is an american serial drama television series that premiered on the television network fox on august 29, 2005 and finished its final season on may 15, 2009. the series was simulcast on global in canada and is broadcast in dozens of countries worldwide.
three angels broadcasting network, or 3abn for short, is a not-for-profit , 24-hour television and radio networks which primarily focuses on christian and health-oriented programming.	three angels broadcasting network, or 3abn for short, is a nonprofit , 24-hour television and radio networks which primarily focuses on christian and health-oriented programming.
violence was accepted as a political tool against foreign as well as domestic enemies of their cause, which was to be achieved by a national revolution led by a dictatorship that would drive out the occupying powers and set up a government representing all regions and social groups.	violence was accepted as a political tool against foreign as well as domestic enemies of their cause, which was to be achieved by a national revolution led by a dictatorship that would drive out what they considered to be occupying powers and set up a government representing all regions and social groups.
"lindley armstrong ""spike"" jones (december 14, 1911  may 1, 1965) was a popular musician and bandleader specializing in performing satirical arrangements of popular songs."	"lindley armstrong ""spike"" jones (december 14, 1911  may 1, 1965) was a musician and bandleader specializing in performing satirical arrangements of popular songs."
sadly conor received an injured wrist during the north west 200 superbike race, and this meant that his campaign at the 2012 isle of man tt had to be reviewed.	conor received an injured wrist during the north west 200 superbike race, and this meant that his campaign at the 2012 isle of man tt had to be reviewed.
in the climax, tyrone does hard labor in jail while being taunted by guards; harrys infected arm is amputated; sara undergoes violent electroshock therapy; and marion is humiliated as the subject of depraved sexual acts at the pimps sex party.	in the climax, tyrone does hard labor in jail while being taunted by guards; harrys infected arm is amputated; sara undergoes violent electroshock therapy; and marion is humiliated as the subject of sexual acts at the pimps sex party.
and korn took influences from the more popular alternative metal artists as well as grunge, groove metal and hip hop and derived a genre known as nu metal, a distinct metal genre itself with much more uniformity within the sound and its own distinct scene .	and korn took influences from the more popular alternative metal artists as well as grunge, groove metal and hip hop and derived a genre known as nu metal, a distinct rock genre itself with much more uniformity within the sound and its own distinct scene .
france's colonial presence north of the caribbean was reduced to the tiny islands of saint pierre and miquelon, confirming britain's position as the dominant colonial power in the eastern half of north america.	france's colonial presence north of the caribbean was reduced to the islands of saint pierre and miquelon, confirming britain's position as the dominant colonial power in the eastern half of north america.
smiljani was born in kalmar, sweden, as his father branko, who was also a professional footballer, was playing for lowly kalmar aik fk at the time.	smiljani was born in kalmar, sweden, as his father branko, who was also a professional footballer, was playing for kalmar aik fk at the time.
the houses and church still stand but the street has been improved and more modern buildings inserted.	the houses and church still stand but the street has been paved and more modern buildings inserted.
he was a renowned christian theologian, a church father, the chief defender of orthodoxy against arianism , and a noted egyptian leader of the fourth century.	he is considered to be a renowned christian theologian, a church father, the chief defender of orthodoxy against arianism , and a noted egyptian leader of the fourth century.
these clauses could potentially outlaw any free software capable of reading drm- encumbered formats (music, video, or even text content); the fear was that free software implementing drm would be construed to facilitate circumvention.	these clauses could potentially outlaw any free software capable of reading drm- using formats (music, video, or even text content); the fear was that free software implementing drm would be construed to facilitate circumvention.
since his unanticipated departure from hawkwind, davey has been active in the reformed hawklords band, consisting of several former members of hawkwind.	since his departure from hawkwind, davey has been active in the reformed hawklords band, consisting of several former members of hawkwind.
in mongoose publishing's drow war trilogy, the drow are recast as neutral evil villains and likened to the nazis.	in mongoose publishing's drow war trilogy, the drow are recast as lawful evil villains and likened to the nazis.
many critics have acknowledged that the sopranos is the greatest and most groundbreaking television series of all time.	many critics have asserted that the sopranos is the greatest and most groundbreaking television series of all time.
good account of this congregation in trinidad and tobago	account of this congregation in trinidad and tobago
they eventually finished fourth, assuring them entry into the uefa champions league competition (although ultimately they did not reach the group phase after losing to strong spanish la liga side villarreal c.f.	they eventually finished fourth, assuring them entry into the uefa champions league competition (although ultimately they did not reach the group phase after losing to spanish la liga side villarreal c.f.
in general, the main lines of argument are either pragmaticnamely, the claimed reproductive advantages of male-as-provider or ethicalthat any perceived male authority is contingent upon underlying perceptions of duty of care.	in general, the main lines of argument are either pragmaticnamely, the reproductive advantages of male-as-provider or ethicalthat any perceived male authority is contingent upon underlying perceptions of duty of care.
in 1935, public support helped secure a statue honoring lithuanian-american aviators steponas darius and stasys girnas who perished tragically during the transatlantic flight of the lituanica.1	in 1935, public support helped secure a statue honoring lithuanian-american aviators steponas darius and stasys girnas who perished during the transatlantic flight of the lituanica.1
with secession, many quebec nationalists think they have the answer to canada's never-ending constitutional debate.	with secession, many quebec nationalists think they have the answer to canada's continual constitutional debate.
as mankind evolved, new techniques were discovered to create drinks from the plants that were native to their areas.	as humans evolved, new techniques were discovered to create drinks from the plants that were native to their areas.
henry cronjager (february 15, 1877 august 1, 1967) was a pioneering cinematographer during the early days of silent film, right up through the beginning of the sound film era.	henry cronjager (february 15, 1877 august 1, 1967) was a german-american cinematographer during the early days of silent film, right up through the beginning of the sound film era.
on october 21, local one held a special meeting and its membership voted to authorize the executive board of the union to take any action deemed necessary, including but not limited to a strike, in order to reach an equitable agreement between the two parties.	on october 21, local one held a special meeting and its membership voted to authorize the executive board of the union to take any action deemed necessary, including but not limited to a strike, in order to reach an agreement between the two parties.
the assault on reason is a book to be published on may 22, 2007 written by al gore, jr. about the trend in u.s. politics towards ignoring facts and analyses when making policy decisions.	the assault on reason is a book to be published on may 22, 2007 written by al gore, jr. about what gore claims to be a trend in u.s. politics towards ignoring facts and analyses when making policy decisions.
during the kargil war of 1999, when aged seven, she spent a week singing at shops in her home city, indore, to raise funds for the families martyr indian soldiers.	during the kargil war of 1999, when aged seven, she spent a week singing at shops in her home city, indore, to raise funds for the families of deceased indian soldiers.
"the dismantling of the zev mandate accelerated until, in dramatic board meetings in march and april, 2003, an ""alternative path"" was created for auto makers to avoid battery-powered zev vehicles in favor of fuel cell (type iii zev) and compliance was back-ended to 2018."	"the dismantling of the zev mandate accelerated until, in board meetings in march and april, 2003, an ""alternative path"" was created for auto makers to avoid battery-powered zev vehicles in favor of fuel cell (type iii zev) and compliance was back-ended to 2018."
is a realistic simulation video game released on september 3, 2009 by dejobaan games for microsoft windows.	is a simulation video game released on september 3, 2009 by dejobaan games for microsoft windows.
the singer was spotted on cctv driving into the front of a snappy snaps store in hampstead, north london and was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to drive.	the singer was spotted on cctv crashing his car into the front of a snappy snaps store in hampstead, north london and was arrested on suspicion of being unfit to drive.
the name melchizedek occurs just twice in the tanakh , once in the book of genesis and once in the psalms.	the name melchizedek occurs just twice in the hebrew bible , once in the book of genesis and once in the psalms.
he does get one of the film's good lines.	he does get one of the film's more memorable lines.
the provisionals' ultimate goal in this period was the abolition of both the northern ireland and republic of ireland states and their replacement with a new all-ireland federal republic, with decentralised governments and parliaments for each of the four irish historic provinces.	the provisionals' goal in this period was the abolition of both the northern ireland and republic of ireland states and their replacement with a new all-ireland federal republic, with decentralised governments and parliaments for each of the four irish historic provinces.
in the scornful section aimed primarily at palmer's political ambitions, specific reference was made to palmer's plans for a fleet of zeppelin type passenger airships and the plan to build a second titanic.	in the section aimed primarily at palmer's political ambitions, specific reference was made to palmer's plans for a fleet of zeppelin type passenger airships and the plan to build a second titanic.
however, when her sister johanna gabriella died of smallpox in 1762, maria antonia became the next child to be involved in her mother's political games .	however, when her sister johanna gabriella died of smallpox in 1762, maria antonia became the next child to be involved in her mother's political plans .
cornwall was part of the british contribution to coalition forces engaged in maritime security operations following the war in iraq and the subsequent occupation.	cornwall was part of the british contribution to international forces engaged in maritime security operations following the war in iraq and the subsequent occupation.
it reached only eighty-five in the billboard 200.	it reached eighty-five in the billboard 200.
he stated that he founded the project because he felt that the popular open-source web encyclopedia wikipedia had a liberal, anti-christian, and anti-american bias.	he stated that he founded the project because he felt that the open-source web encyclopedia wikipedia had a liberal, anti-christian, and anti-american bias.
n, in electrical systems, the connection to ground	n, in electrical systems, the connection to neutral
suspension of judgment is a cornerstone of good research methodology.	suspension of judgment is a cornerstone of standard research methodology.
singer and comedienne carol channing led a halftime tribute to mardi gras.	singer and comedian carol channing led a halftime tribute to mardi gras.
a tactical voting spreadsheet showing how to keep the conservative party out of government was shared widely on social media bringing together supporters from a variety of progressive parties.	a tactical voting spreadsheet showing how to keep the conservative party out of government was shared widely on social media bringing together supporters from a variety of other parties.
it has been argued that the j-10 is illegally based on the israeli lavi, which in turn was developed with american assistance.	it has been argued that the j-10 is based on the israeli lavi, which in turn was developed with american assistance.
"according to honest reporting, joe sacco ""has been bashing israel for a decade since his 1993"" in his one-sided books about palestine."	"according to honest reporting, joe sacco ""has been bashing israel for a decade since his 1993"" in his books about palestine."
on october 1, 1987 israeli military ambushed and killed seven men from gaza believed to be members of the palestinian islamic jihad militant group.	on october 1, 1987 israeli military ambushed and killed seven men from gaza believed to be members of the palestinian islamic jihad terrorist group.
jnos kdr, n jnos csermanek (may 26, 1912–july 6, 1989), was the communist dictator of hungary from 1956 to 1988, and twice served as prime minister of hungary, from 1956 to 1958 and from 1961 to 1965.	jnos kdr, n jnos csermanek (may 26, 1912–july 6, 1989), was the communist leader of hungary from 1956 to 1988, and twice served as prime minister of hungary, from 1956 to 1958 and from 1961 to 1965.
her career is highlighted by numerous appearances on several leading high fashion magazines such vogue italia, vogue espaa, and elle france.	her career is highlighted by appearances on several leading high fashion magazines such vogue italia, vogue espaa, and elle france.
during the 1990s, he was involved in education and research in intelligent systems engineering applications to large and complex systems by invoking state-of-the-art soft computing techniques and published several papers and produced a number of doctoral theses.	during the 1990s, he was involved in education and research in intelligent systems engineering applications to large and complex systems by invoking soft computing techniques and published several papers and produced a number of doctoral theses.
according to the tracking site torrentfreak, the show averaged 3.9 million illegal downloads per episode through public bittorrent trackers for the 2012 season.	according to the tracking site torrentfreak, the show averaged 3.9 million downloads per episode through public bittorrent trackers for the 2012 season.
however, this naively assumes there would not be an increase in supply.	however, this assumes there would not be an increase in supply.
there is little evidence that crop circles are anything but man-made hoaxes or works of art.	there is no compelling evidence that crop circles are anything but man-made hoaxes or works of art.
she is best known for her role as carrie heffernan on the king of queens (19982007).	she is known for her role as carrie heffernan on the king of queens (19982007).
mile augustin cyprien driant (11 september 1855 22 february 1916) was a french nationalist writer, politician, and army officer.	mile augustin cyprien driant (11 september 1855 22 february 1916) was a french writer, politician, and army officer.
a tour of a palestinian attack tunnel.	a tour of a palestinian tunnel.
"country superstar travis tritt recently covered richard's ""you never take me dancing"" for his latest album titled the storm, released in late 2007."	"country singer travis tritt recently covered richard's ""you never take me dancing"" for his latest album titled the storm, released in late 2007."
some in the international community consider the name misleading; the law includes people who have never lived in the country but does not allow palestinians to return to their homeland.	some in the international community consider the name misleading; the law includes jews who have never lived in the country but does not allow palestinians to return to their homeland.
the eurofighter consortium claims their fighter has a higher sustained subsonic turn rate, sustained supersonic turn rate, and faster acceleration at mach 0.9 at than the f-14 tomcat, f-15 eagle, f-16 fighting falcon, mcdonnell douglas f/a-18 hornet, dassault mirage 2000, dassault rafale, sukhoi su-27, and mikoyan mig-29.	the eurofighter consortium states their fighter has a higher sustained subsonic turn rate, sustained supersonic turn rate, and faster acceleration at mach 0.9 at than the f-14 tomcat, f-15 eagle, f-16 fighting falcon, mcdonnell douglas f/a-18 hornet, dassault mirage 2000, dassault rafale, sukhoi su-27, and mikoyan mig-29.
agricultural science is seen by some to have began with mendel's insightful genetic work, but in modern terms might be better dated from the chemical fertilizer outputs of plant physiological understanding in eighteenth century germany.	agricultural science is seen by some to have began with mendel's genetic work, but in modern terms might be better dated from the chemical fertilizer outputs of plant physiological understanding in eighteenth century germany.
a proposal by virginia delegates during the constitutional convention of 1787, the virginia plan (also known as the large state plan) was notable for its role in setting the overall agenda for debate in the convention and, in particular, for setting forth the idea of population-weighted representation in the proposed national legislature.	a proposal by virginia delegates during the philadelphia convention of 1787, the virginia plan (also known as the large state plan) was notable for its role in setting the overall agenda for debate in the convention and, in particular, for setting forth the idea of population-weighted representation in the proposed national legislature.
on october 13,2008 further scandal erupted which alleged that mahoney had agreed to a $121,000 payment to a former mistress who worked on his staff and was threatening to sue him.. because mahoney won this seat in 2006 after a sex scandal forced the incumbent to resign, a sex scandal of his own coming to light a month before the election is shockingly ironic, especially since he first campaigned against such corruption .	on october 13,2008 further scandal erupted which alleged that mahoney had agreed to a $121,000 payment to a former mistress who worked on his staff and was threatening to sue him.. because mahoney won this seat in 2006 after a sex scandal forced the incumbent to resign, a sex scandal of his own coming to light a month before the election is ironic, especially since he first campaigned against such corruption .
"jesus said of his divine purpose, ""i came that they may have life, and have it abundantly."""	"jesus said of his purpose, ""i came that they may have life, and have it abundantly."""
she grew up in a backwoods village, population 600, near the great lakes.	she grew up in a rural village, population 600, near the great lakes.
sun deals with the same type of outlandish material as weekly world news, but typically includes sections of color photographs.	sun deals with the same type of material as weekly world news, but typically includes sections of color photographs.
"mike slattery, testifying on behalf of the maryland department of natural resources, slammed the idea, saying it would encourage ""bambi syndrome,"" the tendency to domesticate wild animals."	"mike slattery, testifying on behalf of the maryland department of natural resources, criticized the idea, saying it would encourage ""bambi syndrome,"" the tendency to domesticate wild animals."
monegundis (monegund, monegundes) (died 570 ad) was a frankish hermitess and saint.	monegundis (monegund, monegundes) (died 570 ad) was a frankish hermit and saint.
technical enablement: while the scope and level of effort (loe) can vary drastically from a few hours to many men -years, almost every software solution, and generally any innovation, requires some level of initial setting and enablement.	technical enablement: while the scope and level of effort (loe) can vary drastically from a few hours to many person -years, almost every software solution, and generally any innovation, requires some level of initial setting and enablement.
many campus buildings have beautiful archeways and lanterns	many campus buildings have neo-gothic archeways and lanterns
it is notable for its great bukkake and cum swallowing scenes.	it is notable for its bukkake and cum swallowing scenes.
livingstone museum is devoted to archaeology, ethnography and history and contains a magnificent collection of memorabilia relating to david livingstone.	livingstone museum is devoted to archaeology, ethnography and history and contains a collection of memorabilia relating to david livingstone.
in the wake of the 2016 presidential election, plastic jesus was inspired again to use donald trump as fodder for his art, this time commenting on trump's divisive executive order on immigration.	in the wake of the 2016 presidential election, plastic jesus was inspired again to use donald trump as fodder for his art, this time commenting on trump's executive order on immigration.
"stallman has attempted to correct this by asking people to call the operating system ""gnu/linux""."	"stallman has attempted to change this by asking people to call the operating system ""gnu/linux""."
pbs television devoted an edition of the american masters series to paar's career in 1997, and in 2003 revisited the topic with another hour-long examination of the paar phenomenon, appropriately entitled smart television.	pbs television devoted an edition of the american masters series to paar's career in 1997, and in 2003 revisited the topic with another hour-long examination of the paar phenomenon, entitled smart television.
the penalty for 12 men on the field (not in the huddle) would be changed from a live-ball foul to a dead-ball foul, possibly in response to the new york giants committing such a foul on defense in the late stages of super bowl xlvi, costing the new england patriots precious seconds on a late drive.	the penalty for 12 men on the field (not in the huddle) would be changed from a live-ball foul to a dead-ball foul, possibly in response to the new york giants committing such a foul on defense in the late stages of super bowl xlvi, costing the new england patriots seconds on a late drive.
despite the obvious differences in cultural references and medium, the animated series was true to the original in many ways, from the didactic scientific explanations to the emphasis on the usefulness of brains as opposed to brawn.	despite the differences in cultural references and medium, the animated series was true to the original in many ways, from the didactic scientific explanations to the emphasis on the usefulness of brains as opposed to brawn.
unfortunately kyle maclachlan was afraid of becoming typecast as the popular character and refused to be involved in the film.	however, kyle maclachlan was afraid of becoming typecast as the popular character and refused to be involved in the film.
in 1960 he was kidnapped by the mossad, imprisoned in israel, sentenced to death after a trial, and finally executed in may 1962.	in 1960 he was captured by the mossad, imprisoned in israel, sentenced to death after a trial, and finally executed in may 1962.
during japanese occupation of korea, many koreans became victims of japanese brutalities.	during japanese colonial rule of korea, many koreans became victims of japanese brutalities.
on july 11, 2016, kelli ward published an attack ad on her facebook page outlining how john mccain, her primary opponent for the 2016 republican primary senate election, is too friendly with secretary hillary clinton.	on july 11, 2016, kelli ward published an ad on her facebook page outlining how john mccain, her primary opponent for the 2016 republican primary senate election, is too friendly with secretary hillary clinton.
bible scholars from many different faiths recognize the adventist viewpoint to be very compelling and biblical.	bible scholars from many different faiths perceive the adventist viewpoint to be very compelling and biblical.
wilson was understandably attacked by african-americans for his actions, but he was also attacked by southern hard line racists, such as georgian thomas e. watson, for not going far enough in restricting black employment in the federal government.	wilson was attacked by african-americans for his actions, but he was also attacked by southern hard line racists, such as georgian thomas e. watson, for not going far enough in restricting black employment in the federal government.
interestingly, a number of the top officials from this department were implicated in the doctors' plot, showing the inherent mistrust and suspicion within the soviet system .	interestingly, a number of the top officials from this department were implicated in the doctors' plot, showing the inherent mistrust and suspicion within the soviet security apparatus .
tri was to have taken command of beleaguered i corps forces during the darkest days of the north vietnamese easter offensive of 1972, when he was tragically killed in a helicopter accident while still in cambodia.	tri was to have taken command of beleaguered i corps forces during the darkest days of the north vietnamese easter offensive of 1972, when he was killed in a helicopter accident while still in cambodia.
sbvt objects that this collection of records is incomplete because kerry has not signed a release form authorizing exhaustive public disclosure of documents in his military file.	sbvt objects that this collection of records is incomplete because kerry has not signed a release form authorizing full public disclosure of documents in his military file.
the plaza de espaa complex is a huge half-circle with buildings continually running around the edge accessible over the moat by numerous beautiful bridges representing the four ancient kingdoms of spain.	the plaza de espaa complex is a huge half-circle with buildings continually running around the edge accessible over the moat by numerous bridges representing the four ancient kingdoms of spain.
in addition to working with steve as a fellow correspondent on the daily show, nancy acted with him on the office as his realtor and short-lived girlfriend carol stills.	in addition to working with carell as a fellow correspondent on the daily show, nancy acted with him on the office as his realtor and short-lived girlfriend carol stills.
after wwii kennedy claimed to infiltrate the ku klux klan and other racist/terrorist groups, and he subsequently authored a number of books dealing with human rights, including , southern exposure, jim crow guide, and after appomattox: how the south won the war, some of which have been widely translated into foreign languages.	after wwii kennedy claimed to infiltrate the ku klux klan and other groups, and he subsequently authored a number of books dealing with human rights, including , southern exposure, jim crow guide, and after appomattox: how the south won the war, some of which have been widely translated into foreign languages.
"timothy james ""tim"" mcveigh (april 23, 1968  june 11, 2001) was an american terrorist who detonated a truck bomb in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city on april 19, 1995. commonly referred to as the oklahoma city bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600. it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the united states prior to the september 11 attacks, and remains the most serious act of domestic terrorism in united states history."	"timothy james ""tim"" mcveigh (april 23, 1968  june 11, 2001) was an american who detonated a truck bomb in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city on april 19, 1995. commonly referred to as the oklahoma city bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600. it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the united states prior to the september 11 attacks, and remains the most serious act of domestic terrorism in united states history."
in 1949, rattner married esther gentle, a fine new york city sculptor, painter, printmaker, and business woman who ran an art reproductions business and a nyc art gallery.	in 1949, rattner married esther gentle, a new york city sculptor, painter, printmaker, and business woman who ran an art reproductions business and a nyc art gallery.
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints attests that all priesthood leaders with authority to conduct and perpetuate church affairs were either martyred, taken from the earth, or began to teach impure doctrines, causing a break in the necessary apostolic succession.	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints declares that all priesthood leaders with authority to conduct and perpetuate church affairs were either martyred, taken from the earth, or began to teach impure doctrines, causing a break in the necessary apostolic succession.
twiggy (born 1949) is a british supermodel , actress, and singer.	twiggy (born 1949) is a british model , actress, and singer.
"this term, first appearing in the title of austin osman spare's sabbatic prayer, was co-opted by chumbley as a term which he held ""describes the way in which elements of witch-lore, sabbath mythology and imagery were being employed in the cunning-craft tradition into which i was originally inducted""."	"this term, first appearing in the title of austin osman spare's sabbatic prayer, was adopted by chumbley as a term which he held ""describes the way in which elements of witch-lore, sabbath mythology and imagery were being employed in the cunning-craft tradition into which i was originally inducted""."
kim jong-il (born february 16, 1942) has been the leader of north korea since 1994. he succeeded his father, kim il-sung, who had ruled north korea since 1948. formerly styled as the dear leader , he is now officially addressed by his title chairman.	kim jong-il (born february 16, 1942) has been the ruler of north korea since 1994. he succeeded his father, kim il-sung, who had ruled north korea since 1948. formerly styled as the dear leader , he is now officially addressed by his title chairman.
in addition, two innocent children and one woman were killed.	in addition, two children and one woman were killed.
what doctors don't tell you has been cited for significant factual errors in their attacks on medicine, such as confusing the antiviral drug tamiflu for a vaccine and attributing deaths to a nonexistent avian influenza vaccine.	what doctors don't tell you has been cited for factual errors in their attacks on medicine, such as confusing the antiviral drug tamiflu for a vaccine and attributing deaths to a nonexistent avian influenza vaccine.
in the following years, he remodelled the mansion to the designs of samuel pepys cockerell, with magnificent classical and indian decoration, and gardens landscaped by john davenport.	in the following years, he remodelled the mansion to the designs of samuel pepys cockerell, with classical and indian decoration, and gardens landscaped by john davenport.
in sydney, watts attended several acting schools (and in the very first lesson in the first school, she met nicole kidman, with whom she shared a taxi home from class and is still best friends).	in sydney, watts attended several acting schools (and in the very first lesson in the first school, she met nicole kidman, with whom she shared a taxi home from class and is still good friends).
it is also engaged in anti-fascist actions against the far right, as well as the right wing.	it is also engaged in actions against the far right, as well as the right wing.
the game was the second best-selling retail game in its week of release in the uk, only behind uncharted 4: a thief's end.	the game was the second best-selling retail game in its week of release in the uk, behind uncharted 4: a thief's end.
PUNCT PUNCT CCONJ DET NOUN VERB ADV DET NOUN PUNCT	punct punct cc det nsubj ROOT advmod det attr punct
paleta was born in krakw, poland in 1978. when her father, the famous musician zbigniew paleta, was offered a job in mexico, the paleta family settled permanently.	paleta was born in krakw, poland in 1978. when her father, the musician zbigniew paleta, was offered a job in mexico, the paleta family settled permanently.
he accuses liberal ideals for the prevailing absence of moral fiber.	prager accuses liberal ideals for the prevailing absence of moral fiber.
the polytechnic has strong research links with local and international companies, reaching about 700 yearly research contracts with firms such as thales alenia space, intel, motorola, compaq, ferrari, fiat, general motors, avio, agusta, ibm, microsoft, nokia, pininfarina, bosch, general electric, stmicroelectronics and schneider electric.	the polytechnic has research links with local and international companies, reaching about 700 yearly research contracts with firms such as thales alenia space, intel, motorola, compaq, ferrari, fiat, general motors, avio, agusta, ibm, microsoft, nokia, pininfarina, bosch, general electric, stmicroelectronics and schneider electric.
he also plays a major role in the first of william napier's brilliant attila trilogy (2005) in which he is killed on the direct orders of princess galla placida, who suspects him of plotting with the young attila who is being held hostage in the royal palace.	he also plays a major role in the first of william napier's attila trilogy (2005) in which he is killed on the direct orders of princess galla placida, who suspects him of plotting with the young attila who is being held hostage in the royal palace.
another good interpretation, by the author merlin stone, suggests the use of venom instead.	another interpretation, by the author merlin stone, suggests the use of venom instead.
the sangh organizations rightly felt that too many concessions were being made to a minority.	the sangh organizations felt that too many concessions were being made to a minority.
according to a 2006 report in the bbc, winklebury infants school has three times made the list of outstanding schools in england, one of only 32 schools in the country to have done so.	according to a 2006 report in the bbc, winklebury infants school has three times made the list of outstanding schools in england, one of 32 schools in the country to have done so.
as it was, the numbers of members of the british military personnel killed by the ira increased significantly in the years 1988-1990, from 12 in 1986 to 39 in 1988, but dropped to 27 in 1989 and decreased again to 18 in 1990. the death toll by 1991 was similar to that of the mid-80's, with 14 fatalities	as it was, the numbers of members of the british military personnel killed by the ira increased slightlyy in the years 1988-1990, from 12 in 1986 to 39 in 1988, but dropped to 27 in 1989 and decreased again to 18 in 1990. the death toll by 1991 was similar to that of the mid-80's, with 14 fatalities
on february 21, 1991 an epic 4-4 fa cup match saw heroic everton come from behind 4 times.	on february 21, 1991 an epic 4-4 fa cup match saw everton come from behind 4 times.
chvez championed the welfare state by inaugurating massive bolivarian missions that combat malnutrition, illiteracy, disease, poverty, and other social ills; abroad, he has acted against both capitalism and the washington consensus by promoting alternative models of economic development and multilateral cooperation amongst the world's poor nations, especially those in latin america.	chvez advanced the welfare state by inaugurating massive bolivarian missions that combat malnutrition, illiteracy, disease, poverty, and other social ills; abroad, he has acted against both capitalism and the washington consensus by promoting alternative models of economic development and multilateral cooperation amongst the world's poor nations, especially those in latin america.
one of the pseudepigrapha , the biblical book 3 maccabees is found in most orthodox bibles as a part of the deuterocanonical books, but protestants and catholics do not include it in their list of apocrypha books, except the moravian brethren who included it in the apocrypha of the czech kralicka bible.	one of the anagignoskomena , the biblical book 3 maccabees is found in most orthodox bibles as a part of the deuterocanonical books, but protestants and catholics do not include it in their list of apocrypha books, except the moravian brethren who included it in the apocrypha of the czech kralicka bible.
alexander paul kapranos huntley (born 20 march 1972), commonly known as alex kapranos, is a scottish musician, who is the lead singer and the guitarist of the glasgow band franz ferdinand.	alexander paul kapranos huntley (born 20 march 1972), commonly known as alex kapranos, is a united kingdom -based musician, who is the lead singer and the guitarist of the glasgow band franz ferdinand.
is the hero of squaresoft's (now square enix) role-playing game final fantasy viii.	is the primary protagonist of squaresoft's (now square enix) role-playing game final fantasy viii.
mel giedroyc (born 1968), english presenter and comedienne , best known for the great british bake off.	mel giedroyc (born 1968), english presenter and comedian , best known for the great british bake off.
f. j. horsefield in 1893. horsefield, being an amateur historian, wrote of a multitude of fascinating aspects of pendeen's past.	f. j. horsefield in 1893. horsefield, being an amateur historian, wrote of a multitude of aspects of pendeen's past.
unfortunately , hart could not steer mcgovern to the presidency.	however , hart could not steer mcgovern to the presidency.
"it is the group's first compilation of singles, the remix collection greatest mixes having already been released in 1988, mainly promoted by the popular remix ""in the name of love '88."""	"it is the group's first compilation of singles, the remix collection greatest mixes having already been released in 1988, mainly promoted by the remix ""in the name of love '88."""
daniels entered the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a vigorous response in the wall street journal to policies espoused by the democratic-majority congress and the white house.	daniels entered the national debate on cap and trade legislation by penning a response in the wall street journal to policies espoused by the democratic-majority congress and the white house.
siryn (theresa rourke cassidy) is a marvel comics superheroine , associated with the x-men.	siryn (theresa rourke cassidy) is a marvel comics superhero, associated with the x-men.
redwatch was an anti-communist british magazine which published photographs and personal information of communist opponents .	redwatch was an anti-communist british magazine which published photographs and personal information of communist activists .
on march 5, 2006, a new basketball attendance record was set, at 33,633, in the last regular-season game ever for beloved orange guard gerry mcnamara versus villanova university.	on march 5, 2006, a new basketball attendance record was set, at 33,633, in the last regular-season game ever for orange guard gerry mcnamara versus villanova university.
since the restoration of the death penalty in the united states in 1976, only eleven executions by gas chamber have been conducted.	since the restoration of the death penalty in the united states in 1976, eleven executions by gas chamber have been conducted.
a well-known example of a skewed distribution is personal wealth: few people are very rich, but among those some are excessively rich.	a well-known example of a skewed distribution is personal wealth: few people are very rich, but among those some are extremely rich.
accomplished filmmaker steven spielberg was the film's executive producer.	experienced filmmaker steven spielberg was the film's executive producer.
on may 14, the wisconsin department of administration estimated cleanup and overtime costs for the protests will reach about $8 million which includes only $270,000 for interior and exterior capitol building repairs.	on may 14, the wisconsin department of administration estimated cleanup and overtime costs for the protests will reach about $8 million which includes $270,000 for interior and exterior capitol building repairs.
this is a reasonable representation of the indigenous mode of life in the cooler parts of australia before the arrival of europeans	this is a representation of the indigenous mode of life in the cooler parts of australia before the arrival of europeans
eddie butler ( terrorist ), participant in the balcombe street siege.	eddie butler ( republican ), participant in the balcombe street siege.
the film received generally positive reviews when released, though the film was cited as one of the worst examples of the growing presence of cigarette smoking in cinema; 2001 was the year when the downward trend on portrayal of smoking in cinema was reversed.	the film received generally positive reviews when released, though the film was cited as one of the most obvious examples of the growing presence of cigarette smoking in cinema; 2001 was the year when the downward trend on portrayal of smoking in cinema was reversed.
he was in the audience at jallianwala bagh on april 13, 1919 when general reginald dyer shamelessly ordered his men to open fire on unarmed public that had gathered there for a meeting, resulting in the deaths of more than 3000 inoccent indians.	he was in the audience at jallianwala bagh on april 13, 1919 when general reginald dyer ordered his men to open fire on unarmed public that had gathered there for a meeting, resulting in the deaths of more than 3000 inoccent indians.
naruto (the tv series) has also won an award abroad .	naruto (the tv series) has also won an award in other countries .
glendalough is surrounded by important semi-natural oak woodland.	glendalough is surrounded by semi-natural oak woodland.
the island has no street lights and little other light pollution, allowing spectacular views of the night sky on clear nights.	the island has no street lights and little other light pollution, allowing unobstructed views of the night sky on clear nights.
she has never had any cosmetic surgery or implants to enhance her shapely natural curves.	she has never had any cosmetic surgery or implants to enhance her natural curves.
and also memorably scored against former club tottenham hotspur in the fa cup,	and also scored against former club tottenham hotspur in the fa cup,
tyson was good friends with legendary rapper tupac shakur.	tyson was good friends with late rapper tupac shakur.
franklin's superb experimental work thus proved crucial in watson and crick's discovery.	franklin's experimental work thus proved crucial in watson and crick's discovery.
alison steadman obe (born 26 august 1946) is an english actress .	alison steadman obe (born 26 august 1946) is an english actor .
"although spacex initial plans for the boca chica launch site are to loft robotic spacecraft to geosynchronous orbits, elon musk indicated in september 2014 that ""the first person to go to another planet could launch from the boca chica launch site"", but did not indicate which launch vehicle might be used for those launches, nor whether the mct launch vehicle might launch from texas even on unmanned flights."	"although spacex initial plans for the boca chica launch site are to loft robotic spacecraft to geosynchronous orbits, elon musk indicated in september 2014 that ""the first person to go to another planet could launch from the boca chica launch site"", but did not indicate which launch vehicle might be used for those launches, nor whether the mct launch vehicle might launch from texas even on uncrewed flights."
the grand hotel , built in 1973, is a famous landmark located atop a hill overlooking taipei city, taiwan, republic of china.	the grand hotel , built in 1973, is a landmark located atop a hill overlooking taipei city, taiwan, republic of china.
the new york mets infamously acquired him near the trading deadline of the 2004 season.	the new york mets acquired him near the trading deadline of the 2004 season.
west germany versus austria was an infamous 1982 fifa world cup game that changed the rules of future world cup tournaments.	west germany versus austria was an 1982 fifa world cup game that changed the rules of future world cup tournaments.
during the brief georgian occupation of tskhinvali, the government of south ossetia took refuge in java.	during the brief georgian control of tskhinvali, the government of south ossetia took refuge in java.
taoyuan county is a county of taiwan , located in the northwestern part of the island, contiguous with new taipei city, hsinchu county, and yilan county.	taoyuan county is a county of the republic of china, located in the northwestern part of the island, contiguous with new taipei city, hsinchu county, and yilan county.
in 1982, he made a major contribution to the science of evolution with the theory, presented in his book the extended phenotype, that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism's body but can stretch far into the environment, including into the bodies of other organisms.	in 1982, he made a contribution to the science of evolution with the theory, presented in his book the extended phenotype, that phenotypic effects are not limited to an organism's body but can stretch far into the environment, including into the bodies of other organisms.
comedienne june carter became a permanent part of the tour of country music singer johnny cash, starting with a stop at des moines.	comedian june carter became a permanent part of the tour of country music singer johnny cash, starting with a stop at des moines.
the modern reading room provides access to the fascinating collections of the library heritage.	the modern reading room provides access to the collections of the library heritage.
operation mount hope iii was a secret american operation to steal a crashed soviet-made mi-24 hind attack helicopter.	operation mount hope iii was a secret american operation to capture a crashed soviet-made mi-24 hind attack helicopter.
a common premise is that when information about goods is shared, the value of those goods increases , for the business, for individuals, and for the community.	a common premise is that when information about goods is shared, the value of those goods may increase , for the business, for individuals, and for the community.
secondary schools in both the united states and canada have had histories similar to colleges, some making voluntary changes while others resisting .	secondary schools in both the united states and canada have had histories similar to colleges, some making voluntary changes while others maintaining their current mascots .
scenic railway roller coasters also lack upstop wheels but rely on a brakeman to control the speed so that upstop wheels are not necessary.	scenic railway roller coasters also lack upstop wheels but rely on a brake operator to control the speed so that upstop wheels are not necessary.
the september 11, 2001 attacks occasioned a small number of spontaneous outbreaks of public celebration in some arab communities in and around the palestinian territories.	the september 11, 2001 attacks occasioned a number of spontaneous outbreaks of public celebration in some arab communities in and around the palestinian territories.
"alexander cockburn and ken silverstein report that peretz said ""i am in love with the state of israel."""	"alexander cockburn and ken silverstein have stated that peretz said ""i am in love with the state of israel."""
several dukes of aquitaine have been named as odo's father: boggis or bertrand, to which older historians ascribed descent from the merovingian charibert ii (based on the charte d'alaon), but also duke lupus i, who was not merovingian at all.	several dukes of aquitaine have been named as odo's father: boggis or bertrand, to which pseudo- historians ascribed descent from the merovingian charibert ii (based on the charte d'alaon), but also duke lupus i, who was not merovingian at all.
white historians would maintain this viewpoint even after world war ii e. merton coulter's the south under reconstruction was published in 1947 and it took the civil rights movement of the 1950s and '60s for historians to rethink reconstruction and other ideas of the period.	some historians would maintain this viewpoint even after world war ii e. merton coulter's the south under reconstruction was published in 1947 and it took the civil rights movement of the 1950s and '60s for historians to rethink reconstruction and other ideas of the period.
in the modern era, gnostic interpretations have made headway largely due to an increased interest in mysticism, esotericism and the gradual disintegration of orthodox authority.	in the modern era, gnostic interpretations have made headway largely due to an increased interest in mysticism, esotericism and the gradual rejection of orthodox authority.
today over 80 schools host dance marathons across the country raising more than $12 million per year benefiting local children's hospitals and other charities.	over 80 schools host dance marathons across the country raising more than $12 million per year benefiting local children's hospitals and other charities.
the city was the location of the shabin-karahisar resistance where hunchakian party allied armenians held their grounds for up to a month against the ottoman forces 1915 .	the city was the location of the shabin-karahisar resistance where hunchakian party allied armenians held their grounds for up to a month against the ottoman forces during the armenian genocide .
during the early years of the american show, there was some debate over whether the new version was the same quality as the original british series .	during the early years of the american show, there was scattered debate over whether the new version was the same quality as the original british series .
with this pledge, he received strong backing from the leading capitalist powers of the west.	with this pledge, he received strong backing from the leading powers of the west.
laura catherine schlessinger (born january 16, 1947) is an american cultural and moral commentator, most known as host of the popular dr. laura radio advice call-in show.	laura catherine schlessinger (born january 16, 1947) is an american cultural and conservative commentator, most known as host of the popular dr. laura radio advice call-in show.
after treating the 21 american and two italian repatriated prisoners of war, she departed for home on 16 march 1991, arriving in oakland on 23 april.	after treating the 21 american and two italian repatriated prisoners of war, the vessel departed for home on 16 march 1991, arriving in oakland on 23 april.
"although maher is a self-described libertarian, he is more often been accused of being a liberal or even a ""libertine socialist"" by political commentators such as jonah goldberg, particularly given his support of many social democrat views that are by no means libertarian such as supporting the public school system, outlawing homeschooling, campaign finance reform, government-sponsored environmental projects, affirmative action, near-absolute gun control, income redistribution through higher taxation, government funded abortion, and his voting for ralph nader in the 2000 election."	"although maher is a self-described libertarian, he is more often been accused of being a liberal or even a ""libertine socialist"" by political commentators such as jonah goldberg, particularly given his support of many social democrat views that are by no means libertarian such as supporting the public school system, outlawing homeschooling, campaign finance reform, government-sponsored environmental projects, affirmative action, aggressive gun control, income redistribution through higher taxation, government funded abortion, and his voting for ralph nader in the 2000 election."
people often take the ten-minute ferry ride from mainland japan to pray at miyajimas holy shrines and to marvel at the beauty of its forests.	people often take the ten-minute ferry ride from mainland japan to pray at miyajimas shrines and to marvel at the beauty of its forests.
"reynolds was widely addressed by the nickname ""skeletor"" in high school based on his striking resemblance to the cartoon hero bearing the same name."	"reynolds was widely addressed by the nickname ""skeletor"" in high school based on his striking resemblance to the cartoon character bearing the same name."
the first persian invasion of greece began in 492 bc, with the persian general mardonius conquering thrace and macedonia before several mishaps forced an early end to the campaign.	the first persian invasion of greece began in 492 bc, with the persian general mardonius conquering thrace and macedon before several mishaps forced an early end to the campaign.
although there was substantial organized resistance to foreign wars in the u.s. since the nation's origins (see the anti-imperialist league and henry david thoreau's civil disobedience), this was often simply an outgrowth of isolationism or religious pacifism, and not in general a coherent mass movement with unified goals until after world war ii.	although there was substantial organized resistance to foreign wars in the u.s. since the nation's origins (see the anti-imperialist league and henry david thoreau's civil disobedience), this was often simply an outgrowth of noninterventionism or religious pacifism, and not in general a coherent mass movement with unified goals until after world war ii.
"hezbollah ( , meaning ""party of god"") is a shia islamist terrorist organization in lebanon."	"hezbollah ( , meaning ""party of god"") is a shia islamist organization in lebanon."
199197 : the maury povich show	1991present : the maury povich show
joseph millson is a talented theatre and television actor, born in berkshire in 1974.	joseph millson is a theatre and television actor, born in berkshire in 1974.
blair was fiercely criticised, including by former members of his own cabinet, for his solid stance alongside u.s. president george w. bush on middle east policy, in particular over the iraq war, the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict and the israel/palestine issue.	blair was criticised, including by former members of his own cabinet, for his solid stance alongside u.s. president george w. bush on middle east policy, in particular over the iraq war, the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict and the israel/palestine issue.
it has caused minor controversy where it has been implied by an occasional recipient that it is a government endorsed, official medal.	it has caused controversy where it has been implied by an occasional recipient that it is a government endorsed, official medal.
superstardom : 19671972	stardom : 19671972
a name change was also required .	a name change was also made .
mcveigh carried an envelope of antigovernment materials to the bombing.	mcveigh carried an envelope of libertarian materials to the bombing.
shortly after he left the stage, in a riot-like atmosphere reminiscent of the failed altamont festival, it went up in flames during the first stage appearance of ton steine scherben.	shortly after he left the stage, in a riot-like atmosphere reminiscent of the altamont festival, it went up in flames during the first stage appearance of ton steine scherben.
sheyla tadeo (born sheyla osiris tadeo bringas on april 3, 1973, culiacn, sinaloa) is a mexican actress, comedienne and singer, best known for her appearances on televisa's various television series.	sheyla tadeo (born sheyla osiris tadeo bringas on april 3, 1973, culiacn, sinaloa) is a mexican actress, comedian and singer, best known for her appearances on televisa's various television series.
britney jean spears (born december 2 1981) is an american grammy-winning pop singer and occasional songwriter and actress raised in kentwood, louisiana.	britney jean spears (born december 2 1981) is an american pop singer and occasional songwriter and actress raised in kentwood, louisiana.
sinusitis is an agonizing condition consisting of infection or inflammation of the paranasal sinuses, which may or may not be as a result of infection, from bacterial, fungal, viral, allergic or autoimmune issues.	sinusitis is an condition consisting of infection or inflammation of the paranasal sinuses, which may or may not be as a result of infection, from bacterial, fungal, viral, allergic or autoimmune issues.
nevertheless, the iwc plenary committee voted to maintain the blanket moratorium on whaling, noting that formulas for determining allowable catches had not yet been adequately evaluated.	nevertheless, the iwc plenary committee voted to maintain the blanket moratorium on whaling, arguing that formulas for determining allowable catches had not yet been adequately evaluated.
it gained tremendous mtv and radio airplay and topped charts worldwide in 1982. it is memorable for its famous guitar riff and anthemic chorus.	it gained tremendous mtv and radio airplay and topped charts worldwide in 1982. it is memorable for its guitar riff and anthemic chorus.
he scored 4 goals in euro 2008 qualification where germany crushed san marino 13-0, a new record for euro qualification.	he scored 4 goals in euro 2008 qualification where germany beat san marino 13-0, a new record for euro qualification.
near the beginning of the first episode, ace briefly appears wearing the fourth doctor's iconic scarf, and mel's top seen in paradise towers.	near the beginning of the first episode, ace briefly appears wearing the fourth doctor's trademark scarf, and mel's top seen in paradise towers.
the bloodless coup d'tat of 21 april	the coup d'tat of 21 april
imam ayatollah ruhollah musavi khomeini leader of the islamic revolution and founder the islamic republic of iran	ayatollah ruhollah musavi khomeini leader of the islamic revolution and founder the islamic republic of iran
lily donaldson (born january 27, 1988) is a british supermodel .	lily donaldson (born january 27, 1988) is a british model .
in 1995, he defended the dissertation (contemporary historiography on pre-history of the great patriotic war ) on historiography concerning the beginning of world war 2. since the previous decade, he has published several studies, many of which are remarkable for the critical review of the official soviet conceptions of the world war 2. most important works of the kind are the canon of the great patriotic war: the debate goes on and stalin's missed chance.	in 1995, he defended the dissertation (contemporary historiography on pre-history of the great patriotic war ) on historiography concerning the beginning of world war 2. since the previous decade, he has published several studies, many of which are notable for the critical review of the official soviet conceptions of the world war 2. most important works of the kind are the canon of the great patriotic war: the debate goes on and stalin's missed chance.
chelsea fox is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tiana benjamin.	chelsea fox is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tiana benjamin.
she can accommodate over 3,609 passengers, more than any other celebrity cruise ship.	the ship can accommodate over 3,609 passengers, more than any other celebrity cruise ship.
he also learned of the execution of his ally benito mussolini and vowed not to share a similar fate.	he also learned of the death of his ally benito mussolini and vowed not to share a similar fate.
in her moving autobiography 'my story', caroline cossey mentions that as a small child she was sexually abused by an older girl.	in her autobiography 'my story', caroline cossey mentions that as a small child she was sexually abused by an older girl.
drew is married to actress/ comedienne amy paffrath.	drew is married to actress/ comedian amy paffrath.
creationism can be described as the notion that the universe was created by a deity, or alternatively by one or more powerful and intelligent beings.	creationism can be described as the belief that the universe was created by a deity, or alternatively by one or more powerful and intelligent beings.
the tour began in march with three promotional concerts in europe and australia; during the first of these, at shepherds bush empire in london, natalie maines made her infamous remarks criticizing president george w. bush.	the tour began in march with three promotional concerts in europe and australia; during the first of these, at shepherds bush empire in london, natalie maines made her controversial remarks criticizing president george w. bush.
on 2 may, he tried unsuccessfully to countermand the decisions of the german commander in berlin to surrender their forces to the soviets; and on 3 may, issued orders to the besieged defenders of courland and breslau to maintain their pointless resistance.	on 2 may, he tried unsuccessfully to countermand the decisions of the german commander in berlin to surrender their forces to the soviets; and on 3 may, issued orders to the besieged defenders of courland and breslau to maintain their resistance.
both arrospide and simon were members of the basque terrorist group eta.	both arrospide and simon were members of the basque separatist group eta.
self-licensing can have negative societal consequences since it has a permissive effect on problematic behaviors, such as racial prejudice and discrimination, selfishness, poor dietary and health habits, and excessive energy consumption.	self-licensing can have negative societal consequences since it has a permissive effect on negative behaviors, such as racial prejudice and discrimination, selfishness, poor dietary and health habits, and excessive energy consumption.
after the palestinian authority took over in 1995, many muslim families from hebron and other parts of the west bank have moved to beit jala and illegally seized privately-owned lands.	after the palestinian authority took over in 1995, many muslim families from hebron and other parts of the west bank have moved to beit jala and some have reportedly seized privately-owned lands.
free lossless audio codec (flac) is a popular file format for audio data compression.	free lossless audio codec (flac) is a file format for audio data compression.
"the debut single ""a sheltered life"" was released later in 1988 on the big cat label, but it was not until the classic second single ""sheriff fatman"" in 1989 that the band began to receive recognition."	"the debut single ""a sheltered life"" was released later in 1988 on the big cat label, but it was not until the second single ""sheriff fatman"" in 1989 that the band began to receive recognition."
2 august - elaine c. smith, actress and comedienne	2 august - elaine c. smith, actress and comedian
while a modest commercial success upon its 1956 release, the searchers received no academy award nominations and was certainly not regarded by then-contemporary reviewers as a potential classic.	while a commercial success upon its 1956 release, the searchers received no academy award nominations and was certainly not regarded by then-contemporary reviewers as a potential classic.
neutering.org: advocative site arguing for alternatives to spay and neuter	neutering.org: a zoophile owned advocacy site arguing for alternatives to spay and neuter
anti-islam sites critical of jihad	sites critical of jihad
the articles cited holder for his alleged role in operation fast and furious and other actions of president barack obamas administration.	the articles cited holder for his alleged role in operation fast and furious and other scandals of president barack obamas administration.
however , some today view the song as offensive and racist.	as a result , some today view the song as offensive and racist.
thomas led the powerhouse team at hawthorne high school, in hawthorne, california of the 1980s to win the cif california state meet in both 1983 and 1984. individually, he won the 200 metres in both 1983 and 1984setting the state record that lasted 14 years, the 100 metres in 1984 after finishing second as a sophomore the previous yearsetting the state record that lasted 5 years, and anchored his team to 4x400 metres relay victories in both years.	thomas led the team at hawthorne high school, in hawthorne, california of the 1980s to win the cif california state meet in both 1983 and 1984. individually, he won the 200 metres in both 1983 and 1984setting the state record that lasted 14 years, the 100 metres in 1984 after finishing second as a sophomore the previous yearsetting the state record that lasted 5 years, and anchored his team to 4x400 metres relay victories in both years.
major policies that the party has recently supported include a neoconservative foreign policy, including the war on terror, occupations of afghanistan and iraq, and strong support for democracy, especially in the middle east.	major policies that the party has recently supported include a neoconservative foreign policy, including the war on terror, liberations of afghanistan and iraq, and strong support for democracy, especially in the middle east.
march 23 – teresa ganzel, american comedienne and actress	march 23 – teresa ganzel, american comedian and actress
the number of casual no-shows was too great to prosecute them allsome of them might have made a simple mistakeso the feds only prosecuted a few leaders of the resistance.	the number of casual no-shows was too great to prosecute them allsome of them might have made a simple mistakeso the authorities only prosecuted a few leaders of the resistance.
"leading apologist norman geisler has also weighed in with a critique outlining 14 theological ""problems"" with the book."	"apologist norman geisler has also weighed in with a critique outlining 14 theological ""problems"" with the book."
the famous alishan forest railway is narrow gauge .	the alishan forest railway is narrow gauge .
its syntax was algol-like, except that assignments were backwards : instead of writing	its syntax was algol-like, except that assignments were the other way round : instead of writing
the other three women were lined up and forced to kneel, after which each was murdered by a single shot to the head.	the other three women were lined up and forced to kneel, after which each was executed by a single shot to the head.
she continues to work as a successful direct response host, appearing as a correspondent and host in various infomercials.	she continues to work as a direct response host, appearing as a correspondent and host in various infomercials.
the qur'an refers to prophet muhammad as the very embodiment of dhikr of god (65:10-11).	the qur'an refers to muhammad as the very embodiment of dhikr of god (65:10-11).
although the steps are based on seeking help from a higher power, atheists and agnostics have achieved long-term sobriety in aa, since aa offers freedom to follow one's own path.	although the steps are based on seeking help from a higher power, atheists and agnostics are not excluded from achieved long-term sobriety in aa, since aa offers freedom to follow one's own path.
since 1999, a new organization known as the maluku sovereignty front (fkm) has operated in ambon, stockpiling weapons and flying the separatist flag in public places.	since 1999, a new organization known as the maluku sovereignty front (fkm) has operated in ambon, stockpiling weapons and flying the nationalist flag in public places.
from december 2016, she was made permanent friday and saturday sport presenter on nine news sydney replacing yvonne sampson who defected to fox sport.	from december 2016, she was made permanent friday and saturday sport presenter on nine news sydney replacing yvonne sampson who moved to fox sport.
so far the trend has been from the top down with many labels adopting sacd for their new releases and re-releases, but mostly in the areas of classical music and jazz (the traditional hi-fi standards).	so far the limited adoption of the format has been from the top down with many labels adopting sacd for their new releases and re-releases, but mostly in the areas of classical music and jazz (the traditional hi-fi standards).
since christ, being the creator incarnate, stands in relation to john as a father to a child, the above sculpture presents something akin to a parental relationship.	since christ, presented as the creator incarnate, stands in relation to john as a father to a child, the above sculpture presents something akin to a parental relationship.
"the ultach trust was established with a view to broadening the appeal of the language among protestants, although hardline dup politicians like sammy wilson ridiculed it as a ""leprechaun language""."	"the ultach trust was established with a view to broadening the appeal of the language among protestants, although dup politicians like sammy wilson ridiculed it as a ""leprechaun language""."
hari darshan is a superhit 1972 bollywood religious film directed by chandrakan.	hari darshan is a 1972 bollywood religious film directed by chandrakan.
he will be their safety ambassador and also to gain support for a controversial mining operations called coal seam gas or csg.	he will be their safety ambassador and also to gain support for a mining operations called coal seam gas or csg.
sally lindsay: actress and comedienne	sally lindsay: actress and comedian
mecca and medina and its surrounding outskirts are the only two places where the quran was revealed .	mecca and medina and its surrounding outskirts are the only two places where the quran was composed .
this ensures massive low to mid-range performance for a linear power output all the way to the rev limiter.	this ensures improved low to mid-range performance for a linear power output all the way to the rev limiter.
once a woman who was previously a smoker quits and then returns to it while pregnant, the increased sensitivty to it has a very high chance of suffocating the fetus over a period of days in a slow cruel process eventually causing a misscarriage with a heavy flow to it.	once a woman who was previously a smoker quits and then returns to it while pregnant, the increased sensitivty to it has a very high chance of suffocating the fetus over a period of days in a slow process eventually causing a misscarriage with a heavy flow to it.
surer has modelled for playboy, amongst other magazines, and was briefly married to formula one driver marc surer from 1997 to 2000. aside from racing and modelling, she also hosts a variety of television programs.	surer has modelled for playboy, amongst other magazines, and was married to formula one driver marc surer from 1997 to 2000. aside from racing and modelling, she also hosts a variety of television programs.
the apodaca prison massacre was a deadly brawl that occurred on 19 february 2012 at a prison in apodaca, nuevo len, mexico, killing 44 people.	the apodaca prison riot was a deadly brawl that occurred on 19 february 2012 at a prison in apodaca, nuevo len, mexico, killing 44 people.
landis is only the third american to win the tour de france after greg lemond and lance armstrong.	landis is the third american to win the tour de france after greg lemond and lance armstrong.
in her celebrated article a defense of abortion, judith jarvis thomson argues that abortion is in some circumstances permissible even if the fetus has a right to life.	in her article a defense of abortion, judith jarvis thomson argues that abortion is in some circumstances permissible even if the fetus has a right to life.
venus, however, shows that the lack of a magnetosphere does not entirely preclude an atmosphere.	venus, however, shows that the lack of a magnetosphere does not preclude an atmosphere.
the shrine constructed on the site of gunatitanand swami maharaj's final rites only a few years after his passing was called 'akshar deri'.	the shrine constructed on the site of gunatitanand swami maharaj's final rites only a few years after his death was called 'akshar deri'.
in catholicism and some other christian sects , a chalice is a wine cup used during the eucharist for the communion, and is used to contain the wine that is believed to become the blood of christ.	in catholicism and some other christian denominatons , a chalice is a wine cup used during the eucharist for the communion, and is used to contain the wine that is believed to become the blood of christ.
musical canine freestyle, performing synchronized routines with your dog	musical canine freestyle, performing synchronized routines with one's dog
"the first ship of the class was commissioned in 1961, and the last was decommissioned in 2002. because these ships bore the hull classification of lph they have often been erroneously referred to as ""landing platform, helicopter."""	"the first ship of the class was commissioned in 1961, and the last was decommissioned in 2002. because these ships bore the hull classification of lph they have often been referred to as ""landing platform, helicopter."""
in the late 1990s, schultz claims a series of events changed his political views from the right of the political spectrum to left of the spectrum.	in the late 1990s, schultz states that a series of events changed his political views from the right of the political spectrum to left of the spectrum.
in 1910 the country was illegally annexed by japan and came to be ruled by a governor-general of korea.	in 1910 the country was annexed by japan and came to be ruled by a governor-general of korea.
the secret committee for the liberation of albania was a secret committee founded in manastir by bajo topulli and other albanian nationalists in november 1905 to fight for the liberation of albania from the ottoman empire.	the secret committee for the liberation of albania was a secret committee founded in manastir by bajo topulli and other albanian nationalists in november 1905 to fight for the secession of albania from the ottoman empire.
600: birth of ali ibn abu talib in the holy city of makkah, the cousin of muhammad and his son in law.	600: birth of ali ibn abu talib in the city of makkah, the cousin of muhammad and his son in law.
the great yorkshire and england cricketer herbert sutcliffe died in a cross hills nursing home on 22 january 1978, aged 83.	the yorkshire and england cricketer herbert sutcliffe died in a cross hills nursing home on 22 january 1978, aged 83.
the tu-142's capability was incrementally improved as the type entered service, resulting in the tu-142mz, the ultimate long-range tu-142 with highly sophisticated combat avionics and large payload.	the tu-142's capability was incrementally improved as the type entered service, resulting in the tu-142mz, the final long-range tu-142 with highly sophisticated combat avionics and large payload.
gimme gimme gimme centres around loudmouthed londoner linda la hughes (played by comedienne and director kathy burke) and her gay flatmate, actor tom farrell (played by james dreyfus).	gimme gimme gimme centres around loudmouthed londoner linda la hughes (played by comedian and director kathy burke) and her gay flatmate, actor tom farrell (played by james dreyfus).
meanwhile, palestinian terrorist abu nidal, a sworn enemy of the plo since 1974, assassinated the plo's diplomatic envoy to the european economic community, which in the venice declaration of 1980 had called for the palestinian right of self-determination to be recognized by israel.	meanwhile, palestinian militant abu nidal, a sworn enemy of the plo since 1974, assassinated the plo's diplomatic envoy to the european economic community, which in the venice declaration of 1980 had called for the palestinian right of self-determination to be recognized by israel.
george reeves (january 5, 1914  june 16, 1959) was an american actor best known for his role as superman in the 1950s television program adventures of superman.	george reeves (january 5, 1914  june 16, 1959) was an american actor known for his role as superman in the 1950s television program adventures of superman.
"in nsw this situation has been somewhat ameliorated by the nsw electoral commissions ""smart roll"" system."	"in nsw this situation has been somewhat modified by the nsw electoral commissions ""smart roll"" system."
defeat of the isi-backed secessionist khalistan movement	defeat of the secessionist khalistan movement
marriage is a holy union of individuals.	marriage is a personal union of individuals.
the unofficial white-red-white flag of belarus which became mistakenly associated with collaboration during world war ii	the unofficial white-red-white flag of belarus which became associated with collaboration during world war ii
the supreme court had earlier ruled in powell v. alabama, , the famous case of the scottsboro boys, that the right to counsel was essential to the safeguarding of american freedoms, but left it up to the states just how far this right extended.	the supreme pizza had earlier ruled in powell v. alabama, , the famous case of the scottsboro boys, that the right to counsel was essential to the safeguarding of american freedoms, but left it up to the states just how far this right extended.
in a controversial decision by blizzard each of these new races are able to play as the previously faction-specific class of the opposite faction.	in a decision by blizzard each of these new races are able to play as the previously faction-specific class of the opposite faction.
these wind patterns are named for the country of the chinook indians , which lies in the direction these winds were realized to originate from.	these wind patterns are named for the country of the chinook native americans , which lies in the direction these winds were realized to originate from.
1184 bc battle of troy ( probably fictional) after the ten year trojan war, troy falls	1184 bc battle of troy ( possibly fictional) after the ten year trojan war, troy falls
when shown on some network channels, some scenes from the cartoon were censored .	when shown on some network channels, some scenes from the cartoon were edited or deleted .
beauvoir's metaphysical novel she came to stay was followed by many others, including the mandarins, which won her the prestigious prix goncourt, france's highest literary prize.	beauvoir's metaphysical novel she came to stay was followed by many others, including the mandarins, which won her the prix goncourt, france's highest literary prize.
sakineh mohammadi ashtiani (, , born 1967) is an iranian azeri woman convicted of adultery and allegedly murder , and since 2007 has been under sentence of death under islamic sharia law.	sakineh mohammadi ashtiani (, , born 1967) is an iranian azeri woman convicted of adultery and murder , and since 2007 has been under sentence of death under islamic sharia law.
she is the former girlfriend of tennis great martina navratilova, actress and writer fannie flagg, socialite judy nelson and politician elaine noble.	she is the former girlfriend of tennis player martina navratilova, actress and writer fannie flagg, socialite judy nelson and politician elaine noble.
thanks to the efforts of himmler and obergruppenfhrer paul hausser, the new commander of the ss panzer corps, the three ss panzergrenadier divisions leibstandarte, das reich, and totenkopf were to be formed with a full regiment of tanks rather than only a battalion.	due to the efforts of himmler and obergruppenfhrer paul hausser, the new commander of the ss panzer corps, the three ss panzergrenadier divisions leibstandarte, das reich, and totenkopf were to be formed with a full regiment of tanks rather than only a battalion.
during vicious night fighting in the early hours of 25 october against a superior american force, yamashiro was sunk by torpedoes and naval gunfire.	during fierce night fighting in the early hours of 25 october against a superior american force, yamashiro was sunk by torpedoes and naval gunfire.
in the international context of the middle ages, the giudicati were characterized by semi- republican institutions such as the coronas de curatorias which in turn elected their own representatives to the parliamentary assizes called corona de logu.	in the international context of the middle ages, the giudicati were characterized by semi- democratic institutions such as the coronas de curatorias which in turn elected their own representatives to the parliamentary assizes called corona de logu.
the driver's license of a 19-year-old character in the third season, kyle singer, shows his date of birth as 1987, thus setting the third season in 2006 or 2007, with the first season therefore being in 2002 or 2003. however, some believe that since the first and third seasons fall in presidential election years, it could be a mistake and the seasons actually take place in 2004 and 2008. however, like the west wing, it is probable that elections in the 24-world do not coincide with ours .	the driver's license of a 19-year-old character in the third season, kyle singer, shows his date of birth as 1987, thus setting the third season in 2006 or 2007, with the first season therefore being in 2002 or 2003. however, some believe that since the first and third seasons fall in presidential election years, it could be a mistake and the seasons actually take place in 2004 and 2008. however, like the west wing, it is probable that elections in the 24-world do not coincide with real-life presidential elections .
anschutz has been an active patron of a number of religious and right-wing causes:	anschutz has been an active patron of a number of religious and conservative causes:
the film received widespread acclaim, with critics praising the cinematography, direction, acting and hans zimmer's musical score, with some calling it both one of the greatest war films ever, as well as nolan's best film to date.	the film received acclaim, with critics praising the cinematography, direction, acting and hans zimmer's musical score, with some calling it both one of the greatest war films ever, as well as nolan's best film to date.
dr ian paisley, leader of the dup and moderator of the free presbyterian church, was accused of failing to report the fact of mcgrath's homosexuality to the relevant authorities although he denied ever being advised by his informant, a church member, miss valerie shaw, that mcgrath worked in a boys home.	dr ian paisley, leader of the dup and moderator of the free presbyterian church, was accused of failing to report the fact of mcgrath's pederastic tendencies to the relevant authorities although he denied ever being advised by his informant, a church member, miss valerie shaw, that mcgrath worked in a boys home.
the site reports that it has gained more than 17,000 registered members since its creation.	the site says that it has gained more than 17,000 registered members since its creation.
ndola has a pleasant humid subtropical climate (kppen cwa).	ndola has a moderate humid subtropical climate (kppen cwa).
the american battle monuments commission (abmc) is a small independent agency of the united states government that administers, operates, and maintains permanent u.s. military cemeteries, memorials and monuments both inside and outside the united states.	the american battle monuments commission (abmc) is a independent agency of the united states government that administers, operates, and maintains permanent u.s. military cemeteries, memorials and monuments both inside and outside the united states.
the current unattractive single-storey structure was built in the 1960s for the opening of the victoria line on 1 september 1968 and provides a combined entrance for all of the lines serving the station.	the current single-storey structure was built in the 1960s for the opening of the victoria line on 1 september 1968 and provides a combined entrance for all of the lines serving the station.
when closed, it prevents floodwater from the much larger ouse flowing up the foss and flooding |flood those parts of york in its vicinity.	when closed, it prevents floodwater from the much larger ouse flowing up the foss and flooding those parts of york in its vicinity.
politically-motivated history writers had claimed that the number of serbs killed in jasenovac was between 500,000 to 800,000. these numbers were likely inaccurate, yet they were propagated, manipulated and intensified for political reasons: the ustae were a defeated enemy from world war ii that had to be portrayed as ultimately negative.	history writers had claimed that the number of serbs killed in jasenovac was between 500,000 to 800,000. these numbers were likely inaccurate, yet they were propagated, manipulated and intensified for political reasons: the ustae were a defeated enemy from world war ii that had to be portrayed as ultimately negative.
"murdoch imported the sensationlist ""tabloid journalism"" style of his british papers such as the the sun - typified by the post's lurid 1983 headline: headless body in topless bar."	"murdoch imported the sensationlist ""tabloid journalism"" style of his british papers such as the the sun - typified by the post's 1983 headline: headless body in topless bar."
she is best known for her portrayal of mary jane watson in the spider-man film series based on stan lee's comic serial, opposite tobey maguire.	she may be best known for her portrayal of mary jane watson in the spider-man film series based on stan lee's comic serial, opposite tobey maguire.
during the 1960s, mishima wrote some of his best novels, acted in films, and was nominated three times for the nobel prize.	during the 1960s, mishima wrote some of his most successful and critically acclaimed novels, acted in films, and was nominated three times for the nobel prize.
monetary disaster investors - believe the federal reserve system is evil .	monetary disaster investors - believe the federal reserve system is fundamentally flawed .
christy nicole turlington (born january 2, 1969) is an american supermodel best known for representing calvin klein fragrances since 1987. she has also worked on various campaigns for maybelline cosmetics and giorgio armani, has appeared in several films about the fashion industry and was a co-founder of the now defunct fashion caf.	christy nicole turlington (born january 2, 1969) is an american fashion model best known for representing calvin klein fragrances since 1987. she has also worked on various campaigns for maybelline cosmetics and giorgio armani, has appeared in several films about the fashion industry and was a co-founder of the now defunct fashion caf.
"similar to the magic-based fantasy fiction genre, the sci-fi genre is essentially a literary device for creating a type of ""alternate reality,"" wherin writers can explore human issues by way of metaphor, exaggeration, and abstraction of science —giving both removed distance and broader perspective toward current human life and events."	"similar to the magic-based fantasy fiction genre, the science fiction genre is essentially a literary device for creating a type of ""alternate reality,"" wherin writers can explore human issues by way of metaphor, exaggeration, and abstraction of science —giving both removed distance and broader perspective toward current human life and events."
katherine timpf (2010), journalist and comedienne	katherine timpf (2010), journalist and comedian
(one of sinn fin's most infamous 'victories' involved a party member putting a gun up to a count official's head when he tried to announce that sinn fin had lost and telling him to count again, an account revealed in a recent publication!)	(one of sinn fin's most notable 'victories' involved a party member putting a gun up to a count official's head when he tried to announce that sinn fin had lost and telling him to count again, an account revealed in a recent publication!)
stout played in only the final two matches of the 1899 home nations championship, a terrible season for england in which they lost all three encounters.	stout played in only the final two matches of the 1899 home nations championship, a season for england in which they lost all three encounters.
nearby buscot park houses the notable faringdon collection of paintings, beautiful italian water garden, and walled vegetable garden and fruit orchards.	nearby buscot park houses the notable faringdon collection of paintings, italian water garden , and walled vegetable garden and fruit orchards.
england under henry viii, elizabeth i and the puritans elaborated ferocious penal codes against catholics and all others unwilling to conform to the established religion.	england under henry viii, elizabeth i and the puritans elaborated strict penal codes against catholics and all others unwilling to conform to the established religion.
the owens-thomas house & slave quarters boasts a decorative arts collection composed primarily of owens family furnishings, along with american and european objects dating from 1750 to 1830. additionally the site includes intact urban slave quarters and a parterre garden.	the owens-thomas house & slave quarters contains a decorative arts collection composed primarily of owens family furnishings, along with american and european objects dating from 1750 to 1830. additionally the site includes intact urban slave quarters and a parterre garden.
the vancouver five (aka direct action) - this section of the kersplebedeb website includes an interview with ann hansen and an excellent essay by a supporter of the five in toronto.	the vancouver five (aka direct action) - this section of the kersplebedeb website includes an interview with ann hansen and an essay by a supporter of the five in toronto.
though best remembered as the first publisher of the writings of h. p. lovecraft, and for his own contributions to the so-called cthulhu mythos genre of horror, as well as his founding of the publisher arkham house (which did much to bring supernatural fiction into print in hardcover in the us that had only been readily available in the uk), derleth was a leading american regional writer of his day, as well as prolific in several other genres, including historical fiction, poetry, detective fiction, science fiction and biography.	though best remembered as the first publisher of the writings of h. p. lovecraft, and for his own contributions to the cthulhu mythos genre of horror, as well as his founding of the publisher arkham house (which did much to bring supernatural fiction into print in hardcover in the us that had only been readily available in the uk), derleth was a leading american regional writer of his day, as well as prolific in several other genres, including historical fiction, poetry, detective fiction, science fiction and biography.
into the wild received strong positive reviews from critics.	into the wild received positive reviews from critics.
in the 1940s, coburn served as vice-president of the motion picture alliance for the preservation of american ideals, a group opposed to the communist infiltration and proselytization in hollywood during the cold war.	in the 1940s, coburn served as vice-president of the motion picture alliance for the preservation of american ideals, a group opposed to alleged communist infiltration and proselytization in hollywood during the cold war.
the cia backed a coup against dictator ng nh dim of south vietnam.	the cia backed a coup against president ng nh dim of south vietnam.
interestingly , mtv films assisted in the movie's distribution.	despite earlier disagreements , mtv films assisted in the movie's distribution.
( – 13 december 1784), often referred to simply as dr johnson, is one of england's greatest literary figures : a poet, essayist, biographer, lexicographer and a critic of english literature.	( – 13 december 1784), often referred to simply as dr johnson, is one of england's best known literary figures : a poet, essayist, biographer, lexicographer and a critic of english literature.
"notable cases include the provisional ira internal security unit, commonly known as ""the nutting squad"", which carried out the killing of suspected informers and ""collaborators"" with the british security forces and the case of brian nelson, who was simultaneously an ulster defence association terrorist and an informant for the british army's intelligence corps."	"notable cases include the provisional ira internal security unit, commonly known as ""the nutting squad"", which carried out the killing of suspected informers and ""collaborators"" with the british security forces and the case of brian nelson, who was simultaneously an ulster defence association member and an informant for the british army's intelligence corps."
fundamentalist islam has recently been acknowledged as a problem in europe, while disillusionment with multiculturalism is on the rise in denmark.	fundamentalist islam has recently been characterized as a problem in europe, while disillusionment with multiculturalism is on the rise in denmark.
the publication in january 2004 of the hutton report dented this reputation in the eyes of some people .	the publication in january 2004 of the hutton report dented this reputation in the eyes of some observers .
josie lawrence (born wendy lawrence; 6 june 1959) is a british comedienne and actress best known for her work with the comedy store players improvisational troupe, the television series whose line is it anyway?	josie lawrence (born wendy lawrence; 6 june 1959) is a british comedian and actress best known for her work with the comedy store players improvisational troupe, the television series whose line is it anyway?
a no-prize is a sham award given out by marvel comics to readers.	a no-prize is a faux award given out by marvel comics to readers.
he was assassinated in 2000 by the basque terrorist organisation, eta.	he was assassinated in 2000 by the basque separatist organisation, eta.
olinda bozn (june 21, 1894 - february 8, 1977) was an argentine film actress and comedienne of the golden age of argentine cinema (19401960).	olinda bozn (june 21, 1894 - february 8, 1977) was an argentine film actress and comedian of the golden age of argentine cinema (19401960).
silkk tha shocker (born vyshonn king miller on june 18, 1975) is a successful rapper from new orleans, louisiana, and the brother of rappers master p and c-murder.	silkk tha shocker (born vyshonn king miller on june 18, 1975) is a rapper from new orleans, louisiana, and the brother of rappers master p and c-murder.
in 1952 peking university moved from downtown to the yenching campus.	in 1952 peking university moved from central beijing to the yenching campus.
"in 1985 findley published a best-selling book called ""they dare to speak out: people and institutions confront israel's lobby"" in which he alleges vast undue influence of the pro-israeli lobby, notably aipac, in the united states congress."	"in 1985 findley published a book called ""they dare to speak out: people and institutions confront israel's lobby"" in which he alleges vast undue influence of the pro-israeli lobby, notably aipac, in the united states congress."
fredericton is also widely known for its indie rock scene, featuring jamband-reminiscent artists like grand theft bus, and the record label forward music group.	fredericton is also known for its indie rock scene, featuring jamband-reminiscent artists like grand theft bus, and the record label forward music group.
200408 the meteoric rise up the pyramid	200408 the rise up the pyramid
the b6160 crosses the river wharfe into kettlewell by a grand stone bridge.	the b6160 crosses the river wharfe into kettlewell by a stone bridge.
"the stereotypical image of the kibbutznik—tanned and wearing a ""zimple"" sunhat with a fold-down brim—became the stereotypical image of all israelis, even being used in anti-zionist arab propaganda."	"the stereotypical image of the kibbutznik—tanned and wearing a ""zimple"" sunhat with a fold-down brim—became the stereotypical image of all israelis, even being used in anti-zionist propaganda."
(the copyright bargain is the social contract that allows artists the right to prevent copying of their works - a right that is contrary to natural law - in exchange for the promotion of science and the useful arts).	(the copyright bargain is the social contract that allows artists the right to prevent copying of their works - a right that some think of as contrary to natural law - in exchange for the promotion of science and the useful arts).
mtbe ruins the taste of water at concentrations of 515 ug/liter so that significant concentrations of mtbe in drinking water are immediately detectable.	mtbe ruins the taste of water at concentrations of 515 ug/liter so that significant concentrations of mtbe in drinking water are detectable.
through a comparison of homologous proteins across distant species, a study by ariel fernandez and michael lynch published in nature revealed the role of inefficient selection in species with small population as a mechanism to promote interactome complexity.	through a comparison of homologous proteins across distant species, a study by ariel fernandez and michael lynch published in revealed the role of inefficient selection in species with small population as a mechanism to promote interactome complexity.
by the period of southern song dynasty, when neo-confucianism was firmly established as the mainstream political ideology of china, their sexist ideology determined the evaluation for wu zetian.	by the period of southern song dynasty, when neo-confucianism was firmly established as the mainstream political ideology of china, their ideology determined the evaluation for wu zetian.
24 september - helen lederer, comedienne and actress	24 september - helen lederer, comedian and actress
an approximately 10,000 strong muslim army marched towards mecca which soon surrendered peacefully .	an approximately 10,000 strong muslim army marched towards mecca which soon surrendered.
was founded in trinity college in 1770 and traces its creation to the historical society founded by the philosopher edmund burke in dublin in 1747. as such, the hist is the oldest student society in the world.	was founded in trinity college in 1770 and traces its creation to the historical society founded by the philosopher edmund burke in dublin in 1747. as such, the hist claims to be the oldest student society in the world.
dictatorial policies enacted into law	policies enacted into law
he is the failed former head coach of the detroit lions.	he is the former head coach of the detroit lions.
key issues included concerns about censorship and the threat of advertising on wikipedia.	key issues included concerns about censorship and the possibility of advertising on wikipedia.
aster aweke - legendary ethiopian singer	aster aweke - ethiopian singer
"wolf sheep cabbage is a beautiful box of three 7"" records."	"wolf sheep cabbage is a box of three 7"" records."
psa airlines was well known for their humorous flight announcement monolouge, colorful airplane paint jobs featuring smiley faces on the noses of their planes, and callipygous flight attendants.	psa airlines was well known for their humorous flight announcement monolouge, colorful airplane paint jobs featuring smiley faces on the noses of their planes, and short uniforms of their flight attendants.
the committee's questioning of their next witness, ec publisher william gaines, focused on violent scenes of the type wertham had decried .	the committee's questioning of their next witness, ec publisher william gaines, focused on violent scenes of the type wertham had described .
it is possible to find find restored r35 motorcycles today parts of which are emw and parts of which are bmw as many parts are interchangeable, making authentic identification quite difficult although all r35 motorcycles were produced in eisenach.	it is possible to find find restored r35 motorcycles today parts of which are emw and parts of which are bmw as many parts are interchangeable, making authentic identification quite difficult because all r35 motorcycles were produced in eisenach.
it became the first station in perth to broadcast 24 hours a day on 17 april 1984. in the late 1980s, the station came under the ownership of bond media, owned by infamous businessman alan bond, and became a nine network owned and operated station when bond purchased the network.	it became the first station in perth to broadcast 24 hours a day on 17 april 1984. in the late 1980s, the station came under the ownership of bond media, owned by businessman alan bond, and became a nine network owned and operated station when bond purchased the network.
debra mcgrath - actress and comedienne	debra mcgrath - actress and comedian
over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with numerous public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.	over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with some public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.
the tournament featured the unexpected early elimination of many of the best regarded teams, with france, portugal and argentina not surviving the first round and italy and spain controversially defeated by the republic of korea.	the tournament featured the unexpected early elimination of many of the best regarded teams, with france, portugal and argentina not surviving the first round and italy and spain defeated by the republic of korea.
including branch campuses, the united states has a total of 426 allopathic medical schools and 23 osteopathic schools.	including branch campuses, the united states has a total of 426 conventional medical schools and 23 osteopathic schools.
he briefly attended a catholic church in the 1920s, and was disillusioned by its intellectual constraint of thomism .	he briefly attended a catholic church in the 1920s, and was disillusioned by its intellectual straitjacket of thomism.
unfortunately rollerbladers are not allowed.	however rollerbladers are not allowed.
he served as kim jong un's henchmen until february 2017 when he was allegedly dismissed for filing false reports to kim jong un and mishandling an aide of kim jong un.	he served as kim jong un's aide until february 2017 when he was allegedly dismissed for filing false reports to kim jong un and mishandling an aide of kim jong un.
an analysis by fas experts demonstrate that irans enrichment capacity grew during 2010. the study indicates that irans centrifuges appear to be performing 60 percent better than in the previous year, which would significantly reduce tehrans time to produce weapons-grade uranium.	an analysis by fas experts demonstrate that irans enrichment capacity grew during 2010. the study indicates that irans centrifuges appear to be performing 60 percent better than in the previous year, which would significantly reduce tehrans time to produce enriched uranium.
in january 2007 pink conceded that she had been misled by peta over the issue and that she had not done enough research of her own before lending her name to the campaign.	in january 2007 pink stated that she had been misled by peta over the issue and that she had not done enough research of her own before lending her name to the campaign.
however, church interference had numerous ill effects.	however, church involvement had numerous ill effects.
the first speed limit legislation was created in the united kingdom with the restrictive locomotive acts (in 1861, 1865 and 1878).	the first speed limit legislation was created in the united kingdom with the locomotive acts (in 1861, 1865 and 1878).
males engage in ritualized mating behaviors during the rut, including posturing, antler wrestling (sparring), and bugling, a loud series of screams which establishes dominance over other males and attracts females.	males engage in ritualized mating behaviors during the rut, including posturing, antler wrestling (sparring), and bugling, a loud series of vocalizations which establishes dominance over other males and attracts females.
even if possible, noclipping is a very blatant cheat, and so the cheaters usually end up quickly banned from the server that they use their powers on.	even if possible, noclipping is a very blatant cheat, and so the cheaters usually end up quickly banned from the server that they use their exploits on.
the dunmanway massacre refers to the killing of ten protestant civilians in county cork in april 1922, in a period of truce after the end of the irish war of independence in july 1921 and before the outbreak of the irish civil war in june 1922. eight of the dead were informers to british forces, two more were relatives of informers.	the dunmanway massacre refers to the killing of ten protestant men in county cork in april 1922, in a period of truce after the end of the irish war of independence in july 1921 and before the outbreak of the irish civil war in june 1922. eight of the dead were informers to british forces, two more were relatives of informers.
eagle eye is a 2008 american action techno thriller film directed by d. j. caruso, written by john glenn, travis adam wright, hillary seitz and dan mcdermott and stars shia labeouf, michelle monaghan and billy bob thornton.	eagle eye is a 2008 american action thriller film directed by d. j. caruso, written by john glenn, travis adam wright, hillary seitz and dan mcdermott and stars shia labeouf, michelle monaghan and billy bob thornton.
special offramps from interstate 5 combined with a reversible flyover over the intersection of ball road and disneyland drive permit easy access into and out of the mickey & friends parking garage during peak morning and evening traffic times.	special offramps from interstate 5 combined with a reversible flyover over the intersection of ball road and disneyland drive permit access into and out of the mickey & friends parking garage during peak morning and evening traffic times.
criticism of human sociobiology	reception of human sociobiology
uttarakhand sanskrit university (hindi: ) is a state university located in the city of haridwar, uttarakhand.	uttarakhand sanskrit university (hindi: ) is an indian state university located in the city of haridwar, uttarakhand.
incredible restaurants and retail stores stretch north from the inlet area all the way to fenwick island, de.	restaurants and retail stores stretch north from the inlet area all the way to fenwick island, de.
it has also been found that 13-15 percent of youth in detention identify as lgbt, whereas only an estimated 4-8 percent of the general youth population identify as such.	it has also been found that 13-15 percent of youth in detention identify as lgbt, whereas an estimated 4-8 percent of the general youth population identify as such.
the speakers of chinese languages had increased by 91% in a ten year span beginning around 2004, and speakers of indian languages had increased around 400% during the same period.	the speakers of chinese had increased by 91% in a ten year span beginning around 2004, and speakers of indian languages had increased around 400% during the same period.
the northern mariana islands had successfully exploited its position as a free trade area with the us, while at the same time not being subject to the same labor laws.	the northern mariana islands had successfully used its position as a free trade area with the us, while at the same time not being subject to the same labor laws.
the togakure ryu is a ninjutsu ryuha that some unreliable bujinkan practitioners claim was founded at least 900 years ago by daisuke nishina (togakure), who had learnt shugendo practices as well as hakuun ryu ninjutsu from kagakure doshi.	the togakure ryu is a ninjutsu ryuha that some bujinkan practitioners claim was founded at least 900 years ago by daisuke nishina (togakure), who had learnt shugendo practices as well as hakuun ryu ninjutsu from kagakure doshi.
these have been periodically revived by events such as terrorist attacks by extremist islamists, the cartoons affair in denmark, debates over islamic dress, elevated crime rates amongst islamic minorities and ongoing support for populist radical right parties that frame muslims as a threat to european values and ways of life.	these have been periodically revived by events such as terrorist attacks by extremist islamists, the cartoons affair in denmark, debates over islamic dress, elevated crime rates amongst islamic minorities and ongoing support for populist radical right parties that view muslims as a threat to european values and ways of life.
balhae, also known as bohai in chinese, (698 - 926) was an ancient korean kingdom occupying parts of manchuria, primorsky krai, and the northern part of the korean peninsula.	balhae, also known as bohai in chinese, (698 - 926) was an ancient kingdom occupying parts of manchuria, primorsky krai, and the northern part of the korean peninsula.
in matters of marriage and divorce, the state of israel relies on its chief rabbinate to determine who is jewish; the chief rabbinate, following orthodox customs , does not recognize the validity of conversions performed by conservative rabbis and will require a jew who was converted by a conservative rabbi to undergo a second, orthodox conversion to be regarded as a jew for marriage and other purposes.	in matters of marriage and divorce, the state of israel relies on its chief rabbinate to determine who is jewish; the chief rabbinate, following orthodox practice , does not recognize the validity of conversions performed by conservative rabbis and will require a jew who was converted by a conservative rabbi to undergo a second, orthodox conversion to be regarded as a jew for marriage and other purposes.
h ch minh (vietnamese pronunciation: h c mi ; 19 may 1890 2 september 1969), born nguyn sinh cung and also known as nguyn tt thnh and nguyn i quc, was a vietnamese stalinist revolutionary leader who was prime minister (19451955) and president (19451969) of the democratic republic of vietnam (north vietnam).	h ch minh (vietnamese pronunciation: h c mi ; 19 may 1890 2 september 1969), born nguyn sinh cung and also known as nguyn tt thnh and nguyn i quc, was a vietnamese communist revolutionary leader who was prime minister (19451955) and president (19451969) of the democratic republic of vietnam (north vietnam).
iliya markov (, ; may 28, 1805 april 17, 1898), known as ilyo voyvoda or dedo iljo maleshevski, was a macedonian revolutionary from the region of macedonia, who is considered a national hero in both bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.	iliya markov (, ; may 28, 1805 april 17, 1898), known as ilyo voyvoda or dedo iljo maleshevski, was a bulgarian revolutionary from the region of macedonia, who is considered a national hero in both bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.
environmental vegetarianism is the practice of vegetarianism or veganism based on the fact that animal production by intensive agriculture is environmentally unsustainable .	environmental vegetarianism is the practice of vegetarianism or veganism based on the view that animal production by intensive agriculture is environmentally unsustainable .
the video is slightly anachronistic in that the band lineup changed drastically after its release.	the video is anachronistic in that the band lineup changed drastically after its release.
during enver hoxha leadership (1944-1985) communist albania was known one of the most repressive countries in east europe, however, from 1992 under the leadership of democratic party several liberalizing reforms had been conducted.	during enver hoxha leadership (1944-1985) communist albania was labeled as one of the most repressive countries in east europe, however, from 1992 under the leadership of democratic party several liberalizing reforms had been conducted.
proponents of the movement advocate an ecumenical, non-dogmatic view of doctrine in which they embrace a continual reexamination of and flexible approach to theology which causes them to see faith as a journey rather than a destination.	proponents of the movement advocate an ecumenical, subjective view of doctrine in which they embrace a continual reexamination of and flexible approach to theology which causes them to see faith as a journey rather than a destination.
chief admits to tv-for-votes allegation, cbc news, january 27 2006	chief responds to tv-for-votes allegation, cbc news, january 27 2006
his government banned female circumcision , condemned polygamy, and promoted contraception.	his government banned female genital cutting , condemned polygamy, and promoted contraception.
the village has two rivers, pendle water flows through the town with lovely trout that can often be seen in the gin clear waters.	the village has two rivers, pendle water flows through the town with trout that can often be seen in the gin clear waters.
mitchelstown provided the opposition, however, kanturk had a facile 120 to 04 victory, giving mcloughlin a coveted championship medal.	mitchelstown provided the opposition, however, kanturk had a facile 120 to 04 victory, giving mcloughlin a cork junior football championship medal.
as of february 2008, virgin blue has not announced the launch of services to dubbo.	as of may 2008, virgin blue has not announced the launch of services to dubbo.
"portadown was located in an area known during the troubles as the ""murder triangle"" because of the high number of murders carried out by paramilitary organisations."	"portadown was located in an area known during the troubles as the ""murder triangle"" because of the high number of killings carried out by paramilitary organisations."
"some non -mormon historians of religion who have investigated the subject agree that emphasis on the first vision in lds theology was a ""'late development', only gaining an influential status in lds self-reflection late in the nineteenth century."""	"non -mormon historians of religion who have investigated the subject agree that emphasis on the first vision in lds theology was a ""'late development', only gaining an influential status in lds self-reflection late in the nineteenth century."""
her idiosyncratic vocal style, at once child-like and weathered, has been a sticking point for many as it is obnoxious ; nevertheless her songs' artistic merit, especially her songwriting ability, has generally been acknowledged.	her idiosyncratic vocal style, at once child-like and weathered, has been a sticking point for many as it is very unconventional ; nevertheless her songs' artistic merit, especially her songwriting ability, has generally been acknowledged.
the tottenham mandem are a petty gang based in tottenham, north london that began on the broadwater farm estate prior to the broadwater farm riot in 1985. one of the early members and later leader mark lambie (jailed in 2002), was a suspect in the murder of pc keith blakelock during the riots.	the tottenham mandem are a gang based in tottenham, north london that began on the broadwater farm estate prior to the broadwater farm riot in 1985. one of the early members and later leader mark lambie (jailed in 2002), was a suspect in the murder of pc keith blakelock during the riots.
in 2006 the unemployment rate was amongst the lowest of the major cities in canada at 3.2%, , causing an extreme shortage of both skilled and unskilled workers.	in 2006 the unemployment rate was amongst the lowest of the major cities in canada at 3.2%, , causing an shortage of both skilled and unskilled workers.
the huge wave of violence has caused over 100 deaths in the past two weeks in veracruz.	the wave of violence has caused over 100 deaths in the past two weeks in veracruz.
the expo, which took place at the renowned mostra doltremare, was recognised by the bureau international des expositions.	the expo, which took place at the mostra doltremare, was recognised by the bureau international des expositions.
the run was finally broken by sporting de gijn on 2 april 2011, when they defeated real madrid 10 at the santiago bernabu stadium in la liga.	the run was broken by sporting de gijn on 2 april 2011, when they defeated real madrid 10 at the santiago bernabu stadium in la liga.
everyone's hero is a heartwarming comedy-adventure, telling the story of a young boy's thousand-mile journey to help recover babe ruth's stolen bat in time for the yankees to win the world series, and to prove to his father that he did not steal it.	everyone's hero is a comedy-adventure, telling the story of a young boy's thousand-mile journey to help recover babe ruth's stolen bat in time for the yankees to win the world series, and to prove to his father that he did not steal it.
the invitation was brutally attacked by leading intellectuals and organizations in german media, with an article in der spiegel comparing singer's positions to nazism.	the invitation was fiercely attacked by leading intellectuals and organizations in german media, with an article in der spiegel comparing singer's positions to nazism.
note: the plot of this film is based on a book which is critical of assange, a bias which may appear in interpretations of events throughout the film.	note: the plot of this film is based on a book which is critical of assange, a point-of-view which may appear in interpretations of events throughout the film.
coldstream has a dry - almost semi-arid climate - with very hot sunny summers and cool cloudy winters.	coldstream has a dry - almost semi-arid climate - with hot sunny summers and cool cloudy winters.
"dyson identified cosby's criticism as an instance of contemptuous abuse and criticism by what he calls the ""afristocracy""or well-to-do blacks (of which cosby is one) at the higher regions of the social ladderupon the ""ghettocracy""or poor urban blacks."	"dyson stated that cosby's criticism as an instance of contemptuous abuse and criticism by what he calls the ""afristocracy""or well-to-do blacks (of which cosby is one) at the higher regions of the social ladderupon the ""ghettocracy""or poor urban blacks."
they are commonly regarded in modern folklore and paranormal popular culture as malicious or evil spirits.	they are sometimes regarded in modern folklore and paranormal popular culture as malicious or evil spirits.
front of the haskell free library and opera house derby line is best known for the haskell free library and opera house, deliberately constructed on the international border and opened in 1904. the donors were a binational couple: carlos f. haskell was a local american businessman who owned a number of sawmills, while martha stewart haskell was canadian.	front of the haskell free library and opera house derby line is known for the haskell free library and opera house, deliberately constructed on the international border and opened in 1904. the donors were a binational couple: carlos f. haskell was a local american businessman who owned a number of sawmills, while martha stewart haskell was canadian.
john philippe (phil) rushton (born december 3, 1943) is a psychology professor at the university of western ontario, canada, who is most widely known for his controversial work on intelligence and racial differences, particularly his book race, evolution and behavior: a life history perspective.	john philippe (phil) rushton (born december 3, 1943) is a psychology professor at the university of western ontario, canada, who is most widely known for his work on intelligence and racial differences, particularly his book race, evolution and behavior: a life history perspective.
biblical minimalism (also known as the copenhagen school) refers to a tendency in biblical exegesis which stresses the primacy of archaeology in establishing a history of ancient israel and judah.	biblical minimalism (also known as the copenhagen school) is a term used by its detractors to refer to a tendency in biblical exegesis which stresses the primacy of archaeology in establishing a history of ancient israel and judah.
an inconvenient truth is a 2006 documentary film directed by davis guggenheim about former united states vice president al gore's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a comprehensive slide show that, by his own estimate, he has given more than a thousand times.	an inconvenient truth is a 2006 documentary film directed by davis guggenheim about former united states vice president al gore's campaign to educate citizens about global warming via a slide show that, by his own estimate, he has given more than a thousand times.
"as president, governor romney said he would propose a ""one-strike, you're ours"" law for child predators convicted of using the internet to prey on children."	"as president, governor romney said he would propose a ""one-strike, you're ours"" law for child sex offenders convicted of using the internet to prey on children."
waldorf education has been accused of discouraging immunization and questions have been raised about steiner's unacceptable views on race; the waldorf movement has said that concerns over its stance on these matters are unfounded.	waldorf education has been accused of discouraging immunization and questions have been raised about steiner's views on race; the waldorf movement has said that concerns over its stance on these matters are unfounded.
it is the first single of hers to be released after her tragic death.	it is the first single of hers to be released after her death.
the unit selected for this operation was the parachute regiment; the same regiment who were later responsible for the bloody sunday shootings in derry on 30 january 1972. members of the parachute regiment claimed that, as they entered the ballymurphy area, they were shot at by republicans and returned fire.	the unit selected for this operation was the parachute regiment; the same regiment who were later responsible for the bloody sunday shootings in derry on 30 january 1972. members of the parachute regiment stated that, as they entered the ballymurphy area, they were shot at by republicans and returned fire.
while they studied marina was brought up by her maternal grandparents in a small picturesque town near leningrad, vsevolozhsk.	while they studied marina was brought up by her maternal grandparents in a small town near leningrad, vsevolozhsk.
"when the ""national bird"" of india was under consideration, the great indian bustard was a proposed candidate (strongly supported by the famous ornithologist, salim ali ), but dropped in favour of the indian peafowl with at least one reason being the potential for being misspelt."	"when the ""national bird"" of india was under consideration, the great indian bustard was a proposed candidate (strongly supported by the indian ornithologist, salim ali ), but dropped in favour of the indian peafowl with at least one reason being the potential for being misspelt."
raymond is the only elected official to be a plaintiff in the 2006 u.s. supreme court review of the constitutionality of the delay-perry-craddick-dewhurst redistricting plan.	raymond is the only elected official to be a plaintiff in the 2006 u.s. supreme court review of the constitutionality of the redistricting plan.
"one video pictured gaddafi sodomized ""with some kind of stick or knife"" or possibly a bayonet, after his capture."	"one video pictured gaddafi being poked or stabbed in the rear ""with some kind of stick or knife"" or possibly a bayonet, after his capture."
it was the largest violent incident in the province since the kosovo war of 1998-99. according to reports by news sources in serbia, during the unrest, civilians were killed, thousands of serbs were forced to leave their homes, 935 serb houses, 10 public facilities (schools, health care centers and post offices) and 35 serbian orthodox church buildings were desecrated, damaged or destroyed, and six towns and nine villages were ethnically cleansed.	it was the largest violent incident in the region since the kosovo war of 1998-99. according to reports by news sources in serbia, during the unrest, civilians were killed, thousands of serbs were forced to leave their homes, 935 serb houses, 10 public facilities (schools, health care centers and post offices) and 35 serbian orthodox church buildings were desecrated, damaged or destroyed, and six towns and nine villages were ethnically cleansed.
he graduated from east peoria high school in 1971. he claims three degrees in christian education from unaccredited institutions of higher learning.	he graduated from east peoria high school in 1971. he has three degrees in christian education from unaccredited institutions of higher learning.
naylor and nielson were able to gather a considerable number of followers from both the centennial park group and the flds.	naylor and nielson were able to gather a number of followers from both the centennial park group and the flds.
it is commonly listed among the greatest films of all time.	it is often listed among the greatest films of all time.
joy behar comedienne and co-host of the view	joy behar comedian and co-host of the view
actress and comedienne maureen potter lived in fairview and clontarf until her death in 2004. she is buried in st john the baptist's cemetery on castle avenue.	actress and comedian maureen potter lived in fairview and clontarf until her death in 2004. she is buried in st john the baptist's cemetery on castle avenue.
houk moved into the yankees' front office as general manager on october 23, 1963, replacing roy hamey, and berra, at the end of his brilliant playing career, became the yanks' new manager.	houk moved into the yankees' front office as general manager on october 23, 1963, replacing roy hamey, and berra, at the end of his playing career, became the yanks' new manager.
edith married joseph henry blackwell in 1932. following a time in kaiapoi they returned to auckland building marewa a fine home on the north-eastern slopes of mount eden with fascinating gardens spreading down the hillside.	edith married joseph henry blackwell in 1932. following a time in kaiapoi they returned to auckland building marewa a fine home on the north-eastern slopes of mount eden with gardens spreading down the hillside.
he briefly lived with the notable film critic pauline kael and they had a daughter gina, born in 1949.	he briefly lived with the film critic pauline kael and they had a daughter gina, born in 1949.
sunset grill (song), a popular song by don henley, first released on his 1984 album building the perfect beast	sunset grill (song), a song by don henley, first released on his 1984 album building the perfect beast
the proud town fathers refused.	the town fathers refused.
like many other folk tales frequently adapted for children, the original tale is darker and more violent than the more familiar bowdlerised versions.	like many other folk tales frequently adapted for children, the original tale is darker and more violent than the more familiar versions.
sadly he died at his home in coatbridge, scotland on march 4, 2006 from a suspected epileptic fit.	he died at his home in coatbridge, scotland on march 4, 2006 from a suspected epileptic fit.
the communist party of peru (spanish: partido comunista del per), more commonly known as the shining path (sendero luminoso), is a pseudo- maoist guerrilla organization in peru.	the communist party of peru (spanish: partido comunista del per), more commonly known as the shining path (sendero luminoso), is a maoist guerrilla organization in peru.
he was one of the directors of troubled channel sound tv and performed at somerset county cricket club at the benefit dinner of england batsman marcus trescothick.	he was one of the directors of channel sound tv and performed at somerset county cricket club at the benefit dinner of england batsman marcus trescothick.
arthur henry hallam (1 february 1811 15 september 1833) was an english poet, best known as the subject of a major work, in memoriam a.h.h., by his lover and fellow poet, alfred tennyson.	arthur henry hallam (1 february 1811 15 september 1833) was an english poet, best known as the subject of a major work, in memoriam a.h.h., by his close friend and fellow poet, alfred tennyson.
on may 17, 2005, beck fantasized about murdering anti-freedom filmmaker michael moore	on may 17, 2005, beck fantasized about murdering filmmaker michael moore
bragg claims in his complaint that after only one region was sold to him in this way, linden labs reclaimed all the regions he legitimately acquired and permanently banned bragg's account from the entire grid and that this constituted illegally depriving him of the products for which he had paid.	bragg claims in his complaint that after only one region was sold to him in this way, linden labs reclaimed all the regions he acquired and permanently banned bragg's account from the entire grid and that this constituted illegally depriving him of the products for which he had paid.
because of their association with various social stereotypes, hoodies have received notable mentions in popular culture.	because of their association with various social stereotypes, hoodies have received mentions in popular culture.
walton's game is not flashy, and he does not make the highlight reel often, but he is skilled in the fundamentals of basketball: positioning, timing, and teamwork.	walton's game is not flashy, and he does not make the highlight reel often, but he has been praised for being skilled in the fundamentals of basketball: positioning, timing, and teamwork.
"he made his acting debut in an unaired tv-pilot featuring lee falk's legendary superhero the phantom, where kiel played an assassin called ""big mike"", doing his best to kill the phantom."	"he made his acting debut in an unaired tv-pilot featuring lee falk's superhero the phantom, where kiel played an assassin called ""big mike"", doing his best to kill the phantom."
"the woman's first name is not revealed, but she mentions her brother ""ed"", and it is strongly implied that this is susan pevensie as an elderly women and gaiman presents, in fictional form, a critique of lewis' treatment of susan."	"the woman's first name is not revealed, but she mentions her brother ""ed"", and it is implied that this is susan pevensie as an elderly women and gaiman presents, in fictional form, a critique of lewis' treatment of susan."
"fox-like features typically include a cute muzzle (a ""fox face"") and bushy tail."	"fox-like features typically include a distinctive muzzle (a ""fox face"") and bushy tail."
over the past two decades, madison central boasts 5a and 6a state titles in football, basketball, baseball, golf, powerlifting, soccer, tennis, and many other sports.	over the past two decades, madison central had won 5a and 6a state titles in football, basketball, baseball, golf, powerlifting, soccer, tennis, and many other sports.
we can see how the three-tiered church hierarchy (consisting of monarchial bishops, elders, and deacons) was coming into being, and how regional churches were gaining unity through it.	we can see how the three-tiered church hierarchy (consisting of bishops, elders, and deacons) was coming into being, and how regional churches were gaining unity through it.
is the greatest player ever.	rated by many as the greatest player ever.
the building was officially called the temple of athena the virgin, and its popular name derives from the ancient greek word παρθένος (parthenos), a virgin .	the building was officially called the temple of athena the virgin, and its popular name derives from the ancient greek word παρθένος (parthenos),a young woman .
karel anerl (april 11, 1908 in tuapy - july 3, 1973 in toronto) was a great czech conductor, respected for his performances of contemporary music and for his interpretations of music by czech composers.	karel anerl (april 11, 1908 in tuapy - july 3, 1973 in toronto) was a czech conductor, respected for his performances of contemporary music and for his interpretations of music by czech composers.
while the first point is now accepted by virtually all climate scientists, a small number of scientists actively disagree with the second and third points.	while the first point is now accepted by virtually all climate scientists, a number of scientists actively disagree with the second and third points.
major web browsers soon incorporated the ability to run secure java applets within web pages, and java quickly became popular.	major web browsers soon incorporated the ability to run java applets within web pages, and java quickly became popular.
viva bianca (born viva skubiszewski) is an australian actress best known for her role as ilithyia on the starz network series spartacus: blood and sand.	viva bianca (born viva skubiszewski) is an australian actor best known for her role as ilithyia on the starz network series spartacus: blood and sand.
bilateral talks took place in moscow from 1954 until 1956. during this time all negotiations were closely linked to the question of material compensation to individuals for nazi crimes committed against jews, an issue also discussed in connection with the luxemborg agreement.	bilateral talks took place in moscow from 1954 until 1956. during this time all negotiations were closely linked to the question of material compensation to individuals for nazi crimes committed against jews, an issue also discussed in connection with the luxembourg agreement.
french officials open up a murder case in the death of palestinian politician yasser arafat following a 'complaint against x' by his widow.	french officials open up a murder case in the death of palestinian leader yasser arafat following a 'complaint against x' by his widow.
with an emphasis on the player trying to avoid detection for as long as possible, this game (along with its sequel) is considered an ancestor of the first-person sneaker genre of games that would gain popularity in the 1990s.	with an emphasis on the player trying to avoid detection for as long as possible, this game (along with its sequel) could be considered an ancestor of the first-person sneaker genre of games that would gain popularity in the 1990s.
as nintendo's mascot, mario is undoubtedly the most famous characters in video game history, and his image has become synonymous with video games.	as nintendo's mascot, mario is one of the most famous characters in video game history, and his image has become synonymous with video games.
europe is one of the six inhabited traditional continents of the earth.	europe is one of the seven inhabited traditional continents of the earth.
she gained international fame for her role in the 1991 thriller cape fear for which she was nominated for both an academy award and golden globe for best supporting actress.	she gained fame for her role in the 1991 thriller cape fear for which she was nominated for both an academy award and golden globe for best supporting actress.
legend has it that at the age of six while in bed with smallpox, he was given a watch to amuse himself, supposedly spending hours listening to it and studying its moving parts.	legend has it that at the age of six while in bed with smallpox, he was given a watch to amuse himself, spending hours listening to it and studying its moving parts.
it has received a solid 8.8/10 from gamespot and a 4.5/5 (with an editor's choice award) from gamespy.	it has received a 8.8/10 from gamespot and a 4.5/5 (with an editor's choice award) from gamespy.
the lavoisier group - australian site looking at issues in global warming debate from sceptical viewpoint - strong on economic failings of ipcc analysis and projections	the lavoisier group - australian site looking at issues in global warming debate from sceptical viewpoint - concentrates on economic failings of ipcc analysis and projections
others have criticized it, accusing cornwell of making unsubstantiated claims and ignoring the praise which some jewish leaders lavished on pius xii for his role in saving some jews from nazi annihilation.	others have criticized it, accusing cornwell of making unsubstantiated claims and ignoring the praise which some jewish leaders lavished on pius xii for his role in saving many jews from nazi annihilation.
his appearance on the court elicited a deafening cheer from the supportive home crowd.	his appearance on the court elicited a loud cheer from the supportive home crowd.
its black stone was later found inside of the very snitch harry had caught in his first quidditch match that had been left to him by dumbledore.	its black stone was later found inside of the snitch harry had caught in his first quidditch match that had been left to him by dumbledore.
mihira bhoja i (836885 ce), greatest emperor of the gurjara-pratihara dynasty	mihira bhoja i (836885 ce), the most prominent emperor of the gurjara-pratihara dynasty
inside, the eastern influence is supreme .	inside, the eastern influence is evident .
joanna senyszyn (born february 1, 1949 in gdynia) is a polish left-wing politician, vice-president of the sojusz lewicy demokratycznej (sld) and member of the sejm (the lower house of the polish parliament).	joanna senyszyn (born february 1, 1949 in gdynia) is a polish former communist politician, vice-president of the sojusz lewicy demokratycznej (sld) and member of the sejm (the lower house of the polish parliament).
"esther judith ""judy"" graubart (born october 1943 in fort worth, texas) is an american actress and comedienne ."	"esther judith ""judy"" graubart (born october 1943 in fort worth, texas) is an american actress and comedian ."
if it was used in combat, it would have a number of advantages over some other missiles.	if it was used in combat, it may have a number of advantages over some other missiles.
for the british supermodel , see: naomi campbell	for the british model , see: naomi campbell
the last time danish seamen visited the island had been on august 1, 2003, but this information was not brought to the public's attention during the discussion.	the last time danish seapersons visited the island had been on august 1, 2003, but this information was not brought to the public's attention during the discussion.
in some styles, zippers are needed at the bottom of the leg to facilitate pulling them over your feet.	in some styles, zippers are needed at the bottom of the leg to facilitate pulling them over the feet.
the lds church encourages discovery of the books truth by following the suggestion in its final chapter to study, ponder, and pray to god concerning its veracity.	the lds church encourages discovery of the books content by following the suggestion in its final chapter to study, ponder, and pray to god concerning its veracity.
some amateur frequencies may be disrupted illegally by power-line internet service.	some amateur frequencies may be disrupted by power-line internet service.
the remainder of sinn fin / ira together with that part of old ira/sinn fein organised within nothern ireland carried on low level sporadic terrorist in northern ireland.	the remainder of sinn fin / ira together with that part of old ira/sinn fein organised within nothern ireland carried on low level sporadic violence in northern ireland.
unfortunately due to nonlinearity, in many cases the analysis of large network via ac power flow model is not feasible, and a linear (but less accurate) dc power flow model is used instead.	due to nonlinearity, in many cases the analysis of large network via ac power flow model is not feasible, and a linear (but less accurate) dc power flow model is used instead.
many low german speakers in the netherlands are willing and happy to participate in activities organized on the german side of the border, and dutchmen have won prizes in low german literature contests in germany.	many low german speakers in the netherlands are willing and happy to participate in activities organized on the german side of the border, and dutch people have won prizes in low german literature contests in germany.
the investigation will often require an extensive number of interviews and travel; other instances might call for the reporter to make use of activities such as surveillance techniques, tedious analysis of documents, investigations of the performance of any kind of equipment involved in an accident, patent medicine, scientific analysis, social and legal issues, and the like.	the investigation will often require an extensive number of interviews and travel; other instances might call for the reporter to make use of activities such as surveillance techniques, analysis of documents, investigations of the performance of any kind of equipment involved in an accident, patent medicine, scientific analysis, social and legal issues, and the like.
it has been alleged that bush skipped over a waiting list to receive a coveted national guard slot, that he did not report for required duty from 1972 to 1973, and that he was suspended from flying after he did not take a required physical examination and drug test.	it has been alleged that bush skipped over a waiting list to receive a national guard slot, that he did not report for required duty from 1972 to 1973, and that he was suspended from flying after he did not take a required physical examination and drug test.
averaging a triple-double over an entire season: only one player in nba history, oscar robertson, has ever achieved this incredible feat.	averaging a triple-double over an entire season: only one player in nba history, oscar robertson, has ever achieved this feat.
the long-established tuscan standard has, over the last few decades, been slightly eroded by the variety of italian spoken in milan, the economic center of italy.	the long-established tuscan standard has, over the last few decades, been slightly influenced by the variety of italian spoken in milan, the economic center of italy.
it is the neutral element in addition and subtraction.	it is the identity element in addition and subtraction.
the fg 42 was used by paratroopers of the fallschirmjgerlehrbattalion (paratroopers' instructional battalion) to try out new equipment during the daring raid to free benito mussolini in september 1943.	the fg 42 was used by paratroopers of the fallschirmjgerlehrbattalion (paratroopers' instructional battalion) to try out new equipment during the raid to free benito mussolini in september 1943.
he was born in pec , kosovo, then part of the kingdom of yugoslavia, and died in pristina.	he was born in pe , kosovo, then part of the kingdom of yugoslavia, and died in pristina.
nicolas poussin (15 june 1594 19 november 1665) was a great french painter in the classical style.	nicolas poussin (15 june 1594 19 november 1665) was a french painter in the classical style.
lse is one of the most selective and prestigious universities in the world today and is the largest recipient of research funding for the social sciences in the uk.	lse is one of the most selective and universities in the world today and is the largest recipient of research funding for the social sciences in the uk.
it was the tribute to the revolutionary 1949 ford model that was first produced after world war ii that later became a big hit.	it was the tribute to the 1949 ford model that was first produced after world war ii that later became a big hit.
he was appointed vice-chairman of the senate finance committee, where he mastered the complex state budget.	he was appointed vice-chairman of the senate finance committee, where he worked on the complex state budget.
established in 2013, the group promotes a racist interpretation of christianity.	established in 2013, the group promotes a racially-based interpretation of christianity.
ivy austin was a regular contributing comedienne and vocalist in the early '90s.	ivy austin was a regular contributing comedian and vocalist in the early '90s.
goce delchev ( , also transliterated goce delev, gotze delchev and gotse delchev; 1872-1903) was a 19th century bulgarian revolutionary.	goce delchev ( , also transliterated goce delev, gotze delchev and gotse delchev; 1872-1903) was a 19th century revolutionary.
"despite the heroism of many marines, whose plight attracted world-wide attention and was considered something of a ""moral victory"" in the midst of defeat, the strategic situation was now highly unfavorable for un forces and it was decided to withdraw the entire x corps from north korea."	"despite the effort of many marines, whose plight attracted world-wide attention and was considered something of a ""moral victory"" in the midst of defeat, the strategic situation was now highly unfavorable for un forces and it was decided to withdraw the entire x corps from north korea."
spiceworks software helps organizations easily inventory, monitor and manage the software and hardware assets in their networks.	spiceworks software is intended to help organizations easily inventory, monitor and manage the software and hardware assets in their networks.
after initial successes, including the humiliating capture of arminius' wife thusnelda, the army visited the site of the first battle.	after initial successes, including the capture of arminius' wife thusnelda, the army visited the site of the first battle.
phish's musical ethos is a playful mix of improvisation, rock, jazz, bluegrass, reggae, latin (salsa), heavy metal, folk, blues, country, progressive rock, acoustic, and classical.	phish's musical ethos is a mix of improvisation, rock, jazz, bluegrass, reggae, latin (salsa), heavy metal, folk, blues, country, progressive rock, acoustic, and classical.
dr. david ernest duke (born july 1, 1950) is a former louisiana state representative and former leader of the ku klux klan (kkk) in the united states.	david ernest duke (born july 1, 1950) is a former louisiana state representative and former leader of the ku klux klan (kkk) in the united states.
the powerbook 500 series was the mainstay of the product line until the disastrous powerbook 5300. the 500 series was the first powerbook to feature pcmcia slots, although this was an optional feature which required the user to sacrifice one of the two available battery slots to house the pcmcia expansion cage.	the powerbook 500 series was the mainstay of the product line until the powerbook 5300. the 500 series was the first powerbook to feature pcmcia slots, although this was an optional feature which required the user to sacrifice one of the two available battery slots to house the pcmcia expansion cage.
ottaplakkal neelakandan velu kurup (27 may 1931 13 february 2016), popularly known as o. n. v. kurup or simply and endearingly o. n. v., was a renowned malayalam poet and lyricist from kerala, india, who won the jnanpith award, the highest literary award in india for the year 2007. he received the awards padma shri in 1998 and padma vibhushan in 2011, the fourth and second highest civilian honours from the government of india.	ottaplakkal neelakandan velu kurup (27 may 1931 13 february 2016), popularly known as o. n. v. kurup or simply and endearingly o. n. v., was a malayalam poet and lyricist from kerala, india, who won the jnanpith award, the highest literary award in india for the year 2007. he received the awards padma shri in 1998 and padma vibhushan in 2011, the fourth and second highest civilian honours from the government of india.
inam-ul-haq was happily married to senior pakistani diplomat, ambassador seema naqvi, until she died in late 2014.	inam-ul-haq was married to senior pakistani diplomat, ambassador seema naqvi, until she died in late 2014.
the usccb responded definitively to these criticisms in 2010 with the review and renewal of cchd.	the usccb responded to these criticisms in 2010 with the review and renewal of cchd.
similarly, the organization of jewish self-defense leagues (which stopped the pogromists in certain areas during the second kishinev pogrom), such as hovevei zion, led naturally to a strong embrace of zionism, especially by russian jews.	similarly, the organization of jewish self-defense leagues (which stopped the pogromists in certain areas during the second kishinev pogrom), such as hovevei zion, led to a strong embrace of zionism, especially by russian jews.
the mount everest region, and the himalayas in general, are thought to be suffering ice-melt due to global warming.	the mount everest region, and the himalayas in general, are thought to be experiencing ice-melt due to global warming.
macpherson grew up in east lindfield, a suburb in the affluent north shore of sydney, and attended killara high school, completing her higher school certificate in 1981. she briefly studied law for one year at the university of sydney.	macpherson grew up in east lindfield, a suburb in the north shore of sydney, and attended killara high school, completing her higher school certificate in 1981. she briefly studied law for one year at the university of sydney.
1 bc - jesus christ (observed date and year; see chronology of jesus) (d. circa 33)	1 bc - jesus of nazareth (observed date and year; see chronology of jesus) (d. circa 33)
speirs is a founding member of the successful hallett cove-based environmental group, friends of the lower field river.	speirs is a founding member of the hallett cove-based environmental group, friends of the lower field river.
tribes such as the maraura, whose territory lay around the rufus river above renmark and the tanganekald near the coorong who dared to attack the trespassers faced brutal and deadly retaliation.	tribes such as the maraura, whose territory lay around the rufus river above renmark and the tanganekald near the coorong who dared to attack the newcomers faced brutal and deadly retaliation.
stupidly scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals with henderson staying at home on reserve with the likes of bobby combe and jimmy binning.	scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals with henderson staying at home on reserve with the likes of bobby combe and jimmy binning.
(robinson was in a long-term same-sex relationship.)	(robinson was in a same-sex relationship.)
"the result of this ""class against class"" policy was that the social democratic and labourite parties were to be seen as equally as much a threat as openly fascist parties and were therefore described as being social-fascist."	"the result of this ""class against class"" policy was that the social democratic and labourite parties were to be seen as equally as much a threat as the fascist parties and were therefore described as being social-fascist."
the pieces are drawn from several independent works he wrote in 1893 for a patriotic historical pageant to be presented by students of the university of helsinki in vyborg , karelia, in the south-eastern corner of finland.	the pieces are drawn from several independent works he wrote in 1893 for a patriotic historical pageant to be presented by students of the university of helsinki in viipuri , karelia, in the south-eastern corner of finland.
the controversy lent support to the ever-increasing call for a college football playoff and clear sec bias, specifically with regard to alabama.	the controversy lent support to the ever-increasing call for a college football playoff and supposed sec bias, specifically with regard to alabama.
"sources in the u.s. government admitted that the purpose of this was the ""ultimate destruction of the war potential of german forests."""	"sources in the u.s. government stated that the purpose of this was the ""ultimate destruction of the war potential of german forests."""
after this verse was revealed , muhammad proceeded to reject the existing arabian norms.	after this verse was written , muhammad proceeded to reject the existing arabian norms.
the religious indoctrination of young abraham lincoln occurred in hard-shell baptist churches, particularly little mount separate baptist and little pigeon creek baptist churches.	the religious training of young abraham lincoln occurred in hard-shell baptist churches, particularly little mount separate baptist and little pigeon creek baptist churches.
the discovery of blood types in 1901 has been hailed as one of the greatest advances in medical history, but the breakthrough was then perverted by the nazis to further their eugenics program, and claim the superiority of germans -- mostly types a and o -- over jews, asians and others with a larger proportion of type b blood.	the discovery of blood types in 1901 has been hailed as one of the greatest advances in medical history, but the breakthrough was then used by the nazis to further their eugenics program, and claim the superiority of germans -- mostly types a and o -- over jews, asians and others with a larger proportion of type b blood.
based on u.s. census data, new hampshire has two congressmen :	based on u.s. census data, new hampshire has two members of congress :
new models were developed as well, being specifically designed as airliners among them the caproni ca.48, ca.59 and the remarkable ca.	new models were developed as well, being specifically designed as airliners among them the caproni ca.48, ca.59 and the ca.
since the late 1970s, there have been scattered reports of children of former members being abducted and moved to other countries to prevent their parents, law enforcement authorities and child welfare agencies from finding them.	since the late 1970s, there have been reports of children of former members being abducted and moved to other countries to prevent their parents, law enforcement authorities and child welfare agencies from finding them.
"the magdalene laundries, also known as magdalene asylums, were institutions from the 18th to the late 20th centuries ostensibly to house ""fallen women"" and in ireland an estimated 30,000 women were confined to these institutions."	"the magdalene laundries, also known as magdalene asylums, were institutions from the 18th to the late 20th centuries to house ""fallen women"" and in ireland an estimated 30,000 women were confined to these institutions."
he is the 3rd youngest among 18 siblings, and did not speak much english when he came to oklahoma city.	he is the 3rd youngest among 18 siblings, and did not speak much english when he went to oklahoma city.
mr. greene also has been caught lying to the california bar and has asked to be excused from representing a court case because of mental impairment .	mr. greene also has been reported lying to the california bar and has asked to be excused from representing a court case because of mental impairment .
much like pulse 2: afterlife, the movie was heavily panned for the screened shots and a story that makes no sense.	much like pulse 2: afterlife, the movie was heavily panned for the screened shots and a story that many felt made no sense.
houston was then shut down in the bottom of the 9th by the cardinal's amazing closer jason isringhousen to preserve the win, guaranteeing at least one more game at busch stadium.	houston was then shut down in the bottom of the 9th by the cardinal's closer jason isringhousen to preserve the win, guaranteeing at least one more game at busch stadium.
campus environmentalist is also dedicated to spreading awareness and promoting our responsibility to protect our planet.	campus environmentalist is also dedicated to spreading awareness and promoting responsibility to protect our planet.
its role in the plan for liberating sicily was envisaged as being a protecting force for the left wing of the british eighth army under gen. bernard montgomery.	its role in the plan for conquering sicily was envisaged as being a protecting force for the left wing of the british eighth army under gen. bernard montgomery.
these included the acclaimed grandma's boy, which (along with chaplin's the kid) pioneered the combination of complex character development and film comedy, the sensational safety last!, which cemented lloyd's stardom, and why worry?.	these included the acclaimed grandma's boy, which (along with chaplin's the kid) pioneered the combination of complex character development and film comedy, the highly popular safety last!, which cemented lloyd's stardom, and why worry?.
the group recorded an album, but it was unfortunately never released.	the group recorded an album, but it was never released.
during the period of 2002 and 2005, talx increased its dominance in unemployment cost management services through acquisitions of johnson & associates llc, tbt enterprises inc., ui advantage inc., jon-jay associates inc., employers unity inc. and parts of sheakley-uniservice inc. these acquisitions and the organic growth of the work number made talx the dominate leader in employment and income verification and unemployment cost management services in the united states.	during the period of 2002 and 2005, talx increased its dominance in unemployment cost management services through acquisitions of johnson & associates llc, tbt enterprises inc., ui advantage inc., jon-jay associates inc., employers unity inc. and parts of sheakley-uniservice inc. these acquisitions and the organic growth of the work number made talx the leader in employment and income verification and unemployment cost management services in the united states.
the main campus is located in a picturesque valley of the tuckasegee river between the blue ridge and great smoky mountains, west of asheville, north carolina.	the main campus is located in a valley of the tuckasegee river between the blue ridge and great smoky mountains, west of asheville, north carolina.
anna russell - englishcanadian singer and comedienne - anna russell way is named after her.	anna russell - englishcanadian singer and comedian - anna russell way is named after her.
the founder of brothers to the rescue, jos basulto, was in the early 1960's involved in terrorist attacks against cuba.	the founder of brothers to the rescue, jos basulto, was in the early 1960's involved in attacks against cuba.
jehovah's witnesses are members of an international christian religious organization of the same name, whose adherents believe it to be restored first-century christianity.	jehovah's witnesses are members of an international religious organization of the same name, whose adherents believe it to be restored first-century christianity.
ethnographic map of cyprus prior to the 1974 illegal turkish invasion.	ethnographic map of cyprus prior to the 1974 turkish invasion.
john kerry is a member of the democratic leadership council, which advocates centrist and neoliberal positions.	john kerry is a member of the democratic leadership council, which advocates liberal and neoliberal positions.
"criticisms also have been leveled against the discovery of ""infantile sexuality"" (the recognition that children between ages two and six imagine things about procreation)."	"criticisms also have been leveled against the idea of ""infantile sexuality"" (the recognition that children between ages two and six imagine things about procreation)."
"although ""health freedom"" campaigners say they want a level playing field in health, skeptical voices counter that they are actually engaging in special pleading and asking for lower standards of evidence and scrutiny; this is especially apparent in respect of obamacare."	"although ""health freedom"" campaigners say they want a level playing field in health, skeptical voices note that they are actually engaging in special pleading and asking for lower standards of evidence and scrutiny; this is especially apparent in respect of obamacare."
a spectacular view of the verrazano-narrows bridge (brooklyn college)	a view of the verrazano-narrows bridge (brooklyn college)
the o'conor don is the hereditary prince and chief of the name of the royal family of connacht, one of the three premier irish royal families, a lineage which is descended through sixty-six generations providing some twenty-seven kings of connacht and two great high kings of ireland.	the o'conor don is the hereditary prince and chief of the name of the royal family of connacht, one of the three premier irish royal families, a lineage which is descended through sixty-six generations providing some twenty-seven kings of connacht and two high kings of ireland.
adequate testing for adverse health effects as well as performance data for these devices are seriously lacking.	adequate testing for adverse health effects as well as performance data for these devices are lacking.
set on a mysterious tropical archipelago, far cry follows ex-special forces soldier jack carver as he searches for a female journalist he was escorting after she went missing when their boat was destroyed by mercenaries.	set on a mysterious tropical archipelago, far cry follows ex-special forces soldier jack carver as he searches for a journalist he was escorting after she went missing when their boat was destroyed by mercenaries.
"the song features a memorable synthesizer hook by vince clarke (similar to the work he had done with his previous band, depeche mode), combined with the vocals by alison moyet (including her laughter, which has since been sampled in countless other songs, including the international novelty dance hit ""macarena"")."	"the song features a synthesizer hook by vince clarke (similar to the work he had done with his previous band, depeche mode), combined with the vocals by alison moyet (including her laughter, which has since been sampled in countless other songs, including the international novelty dance hit ""macarena"")."
"it was also used to introduce episodes of star trek: the next generation, but with the phrase ""its five-year mission"" changed to ""its continuing mission"" and the final phrase changed to the more neutral ""where no one has gone before""."	"it was also used to introduce episodes of star trek: the next generation, but with the phrase ""its five-year mission"" changed to ""its continuing mission"" and the final phrase changed to the gender neutral ""where no one has gone before""."
y2k preparation was a major event in 1999 both in actual events and in media over- reporting.	y2k preparation was a major event in 1999 both in actual events and in media reporting.
alexander ovechkin, nhl superstar with the washington capitals (who practices in arlington)	alexander ovechkin, nhl player with the washington capitals (who practices in arlington)
following an article in new scientist describing the 20-year e. coli experiment, which showed strong evidence for the process of evolution, conservapedia founder andrew schafly (a prominent supporter of creationism) wrote to professor lenski, demanding access to data he says lenski has withheld and attacking various claims he attributes to the paper.	following an article in new scientist describing the 20-year e. coli experiment, which showed strong evidence for the process of evolution, conservapedia founder andrew schafly (a prominent supporter of creationism) wrote to professor lenski, requested access to data he says lenski has withheld and attacking various claims he attributes to the paper.
"kelly is well-known for playing luther in the 1979 classic film the warriors, where he screeches the famous line, ""warriors, come out to play-ee-ay!!"	"kelly is well-known for playing luther in the 1979 film the warriors, where he screeches the famous line, ""warriors, come out to play-ee-ay!!"
david ginola (then a newcastle united player) graced the cover of the game in the european market.	david ginola (then a newcastle united player) was pictured on the cover of the game in the european market.
the new city of cambridge was created through the forced amalgamation of the city of galt, the towns of preston and hespeler, the village of blair and various parcels of township land.	the new city of cambridge was created through the amalgamation of the city of galt, the towns of preston and hespeler, the village of blair and various parcels of township land.
the community was to some degree decapitated by the nakba : the traditional palestinian political elite were no longer present.	the community was to some degree decapitated by the 1948 arab-israeli war : the traditional palestinian political elite were no longer present.
"signed in 1976 by music industry veteran and internationally known pop artist sid maurer (the ""daddy of nupop art"") and fred frank, to the red-hot roadshow records (b.t."	"signed in 1976 by music industry veteran and internationally known pop artist sid maurer (the ""daddy of nupop art"") and fred frank, to the roadshow records (b.t."
gulki joshi (born 17 may 1990) is an indian actress, known largely for her lead role as sugni on television serial phir subha hogi and a few impressive appearances in crime patrol (2012).	gulki joshi (born 17 may 1990) is an indian actress, known largely for her lead role as sugni on television serial phir subha hogi and a few appearances in crime patrol (2012).
jacques attali (born 1 november 1943 in algiers, french algeria) is a french economist, writer and senior civil servant.	jacques attali (born 1 november 1943 in algiers, algeria) is a french economist, writer and senior civil servant.
bit-tech gave the game 9/10 and a coveted recommended award.	bit-tech gave the game 9/10 and a recommended award.
(some members of the oakland county historic society still sadly refer to that area as hiroshima flats.)	(some members of the oakland county historic society still refer to that area as hiroshima flats.)
the fox news channel (fnc) is an american cable and satellite news channel.	the fox news channel (fnc) is a conservative american cable and satellite news channel.
it was established as a brew in 1366. it is sometimes known colloquially as 'wifebeater' in certain areas of england (probably in reference to the aggressive behaviour atrributed to alcohol consumption).	it was established as a brew in 1366. it is sometimes known colloquially as 'wifebeater' in certain areas of the uk (probably in reference to the aggressive behaviour atrributed to alcohol consumption).
unlike anderson's other famous on-screen persona, angus macgyver, o'neil has no irrational aversion to firearms.	unlike anderson's other famous on-screen persona, angus macgyver, o'neil has no aversion to firearms.
richmond is ideally located within 200 miles of several major cities, including newport news, virginia (62 miles), hampton, virginia (73 miles), portsmouth, virginia (77 miles), norfolk, virginia (77 miles), chesapeake, virginia (87 miles), alexandria, virginia (91 miles), washington dc (96 miles), virginia beach, virginia (96 miles), baltimore, maryland (129 miles), durham, north carolina (132 miles), roanoke, virginia (137 miles), raleigh, north carolina (137 miles), dover, delaware (154 miles), greensboro, north carolina (166 miles), and winston-salem, north carolina (183 miles).	richmond is located within 200 miles of several major cities, including newport news, virginia (62 miles), hampton, virginia (73 miles), portsmouth, virginia (77 miles), norfolk, virginia (77 miles), chesapeake, virginia (87 miles), alexandria, virginia (91 miles), washington dc (96 miles), virginia beach, virginia (96 miles), baltimore, maryland (129 miles), durham, north carolina (132 miles), roanoke, virginia (137 miles), raleigh, north carolina (137 miles), dover, delaware (154 miles), greensboro, north carolina (166 miles), and winston-salem, north carolina (183 miles).
steve hassan, author of several books on cults, commented in the same press conference that tm practitioners display what he believes to be cultlike behaviors.	steve hassan, author of several books on cults, commented in the same press conference that tm practitioners display what he considers to be cultlike behaviors.
on systems running the x window system (typically unix-family systems such as gnu/ linux, the bsds, and formal unix distributions), desktop environments are much more dynamic and customizable to meet user needs.	on systems running the x window system (typically unix-family systems such as linux, the bsds, and formal unix distributions), desktop environments are much more dynamic and customizable to meet user needs.
because of the purity of the ancient breed, the akhal-teke has been used for developing new breeds, most recently the nez perce horse (appaloosa x akhal-teke).	because of the genetic prepotency of the ancient breed, the akhal-teke has been used for developing new breeds, most recently the nez perce horse (appaloosa x akhal-teke).
bias: a cbs insider exposes how the media distort the news is a controversial book by bernard goldberg, a 28-year veteran cbs news reporter and producer, giving detailed examples of what he calls liberal bias in television news reporting.	bias: a cbs insider exposes how the media distort the news is a non-fiction book by bernard goldberg, a 28-year veteran cbs news reporter and producer, giving detailed examples of what he calls liberal bias in television news reporting.
phenomena studied include extra-sensory perception, psychokinesis, and survival of consciousness after death; parapsychologists call these phenomena psi, a neutral term non-suggestive of what causes the phenomena or experiences.	phenomena studied include extra-sensory perception, psychokinesis, and survival of consciousness after death; parapsychologists call these phenomena psi, a term non-suggestive of what causes the phenomena or experiences.
speculative strategies of life extension	proposed strategies of life extension
patra (sambit), a true indian superstar	patra (sambit), a indian superstar
"most important among the various arab groups was the palestinian liberation organization (plo), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to ""armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland""."	"most important among the various palestinian groups was the palestinian liberation organization (plo), established in 1964, which initially committed itself to ""armed struggle as the only way to liberate the homeland""."
hajiakbar abdulghupur is a citizen of china, currently unlawfully held in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps, in cuba.	hajiakbar abdulghupur is a citizen of china, currently held in the united states guantanamo bay detention camps, in cuba.
on nov 2 2009, malwarebytes alleged that the chinese company iobit had stolen virus definitions from malwarebytes.	on nov 2 2009, malwarebytes stated that the chinese company iobit had stolen virus definitions from malwarebytes.
andrs oppenheimer, an argentinian author and journalist known for his deep analysis of latin american politics.	andrs oppenheimer, an argentinian author and journalist known for his analysis of latin american politics.
since the arrest which culminated in his vicous beating by the four police officers, king has been arrested eleven times on a variety of misdemeanor charges, including domestic abuse and hit-and-run.	since the arrest which culminated in his severe beating by the four police officers, king has been arrested eleven times on a variety of misdemeanor charges, including domestic abuse and hit-and-run.
valletta has gone on to act in several films, been on the cover of magazines and in advertisements for louis vuitton, calvin klein and versace and hosted mtv's house of style with friend and fellow supermodel shalom harlow.	valletta has gone on to act in several films, been on the cover of magazines and in advertisements for louis vuitton, calvin klein and versace and hosted mtv's house of style with friend and fellow model shalom harlow.
ucl is one of the most highly ranked and prestigious universities in the world and part of the elite 'golden triangle' of british universities.	ucl is one of the most highly ranked and prestigious universities in the world and part of the 'golden triangle' of british universities.
podgorci has traditionally been inhabited by orthodox christian macedonians and a macedonian muslim (torbe) population.	podgorci has been inhabited by orthodox christian macedonians and a macedonian muslim (torbe) population.
the sanskrit term kshatriya belonged to the aryan society wherein members organized themselves into 3 classes, viz., brahman, kshatriya, vaishya.	the sanskrit term kshatriya belonged to the vedic society wherein members organized themselves into 3 classes, viz., brahman, kshatriya, vaishya.
both are political terms coined by opponents of the procedure.	both are terms coined by opponents of the procedure.
with only a few exceptions, most naturopathic treatments have not been tested for safety and efficacy utilizing scientific studies or clinical trials.	with a few exceptions, most naturopathic treatments have not been tested for safety and efficacy utilizing scientific studies or clinical trials.
february 16 - julien macdonald and some of his models are pelted with flour bombs by animal rights campaigners for the use of fur in his fashion designs.	february 16 - julien macdonald and some of his models are pelted with flour bombs by animal rights campaigners disapproving of the use of fur in his fashion designs.
these events are often misreported, which moves the attention away from three decades of political battles between the parti patriote of louis-joseph papineau, which was seeking responsible government for the colony, and the unelected british executive and legislative bodies in the former french colony, which was dominated by a small group known as the chateau clique, the equivalent of the family compact in upper canada.	these events are often misreported, which moves the attention away from three decades of political battles between the parti patriote of louis-joseph papineau, which was seeking responsible government for the colony, and the unelected british executive and legislative councils in the former french colony, which was dominated by a small group known as the chateau clique, the equivalent of the family compact in upper canada.
romney was elected governor of massachusetts in 2002, and served one term; he did not seek re-election in 2006. he presided over a series of spending cuts and increases in fees that allegedly eliminated a projected $3 billion deficit.	romney was elected governor of massachusetts in 2002, and served one term; he did not seek re-election in 2006. he presided over a series of spending cuts and increases in fees that eliminated a projected $3 billion deficit.
this article is about the savage norse warriors who are referred to by this name.	this article is about the norse warriors who are referred to by this name.
venezuelans are split between those who say he has empowered the poor and stimulated economic growth, and those who say he is autocratic and has mismanaged the economy.	venezuelans are divided between those who say he has empowered the poor and stimulated economic growth, and those who say he is autocratic and has mismanaged the economy.
mendeley and epernicus are good examples of an science 2.0 implementation focused on research.	mendeley and epernicus are examples of an science 2.0 implementation focused on research.
they are renowned for their diy ethic, only releasing albums on independently owned and operated record labels.	they are known for their diy ethic, only releasing albums on independently owned and operated record labels .
a new singer and massive commercial success	a new singer and commercial success
lawanda page (19202002), actress and comedienne	lawanda page (19202002), actress and comedian
after luring him into the hold, the flash learned too late that all he would find there was a bomb, the explosion of which dropped the unconscious hero at the feet of his bizarre adversary.	after luring him into the hold, the flash learned too late that all he would find there was a bomb, the explosion of which dropped the unconscious hero at the feet of his adversary.
she is best known for portraying the warrior brienne of tarth in the hbo fantasy-drama series game of thrones and lexi in the science fantasy series wizards vs aliens.	she is known for portraying the warrior brienne of tarth in the hbo fantasy-drama series game of thrones and lexi in the science fantasy series wizards vs aliens.
because the compounds in valerian produce central nervous system depression, they should not be used with other depressants, such as alcohol , benzodiazepines, barbiturates, opiates, kava, or antihistamine drugs.	because the compounds in valerian produce central nervous system depression, they should not be used with other depressants, such as ethanol , benzodiazepines, barbiturates, opiates, kava, or antihistamine drugs.
they are coached by award-winning moderator and teacher, having earned his master's degree in carnegie mellon in statistics, the honorable william tressler.	they are coached by award-winning moderator and teacher, having earned his master's degree in carnegie mellon in statistics, the william tressler.
view of downtown anchorage from the restaurant inside the famous hotel captain cook.	view of downtown anchorage from the restaurant inside the hotel captain cook.
"these trailers often point out plot mistakes, and most ""honest trailers"" have given negative reviews of their subjects in a hilarious way."	"these trailers often point out plot mistakes, and most ""honest trailers"" have given negative reviews of their subjects in a humorous way."
thumbnail|the wall between israel and palestine and an example of one of the israeli-controlled checkpoints.	thumbnail|the barrier between israel and palestine and an example of one of the israeli-controlled checkpoints.
the slav macedonians were considered bulgarians by the most ethnographers until the early 20th century with a big portion of them evidently self-identifying as such.	the ethnic macedonians were considered bulgarians by the most ethnographers until the early 20th century with a big portion of them evidently self-identifying as such.
kahane chai was led by meir's son binyamin ze'ev kahane out of kfar tapuach until he and his wife were murdered in a random ambush by palestinians in 2000. both groups were outlawed by israel in 1994 under anti-terrorism laws following statements in support of baruch goldstein's massacre of 29 palestinians at the cave of the patriarchs.	kahane chai was led by meir's son binyamin ze'ev kahane out of kfar tapuach until he and his wife were murdered in a random ambush by palestinians in 2000. both groups were outlawed by israel in 1994 under anti-terrorism laws following statements in support of baruch goldstein's killing of 29 palestinians at the cave of the patriarchs.
though still unacceptably high, this level of unemployment compares favorably to rates of 20% and above in the early 1990s.	though still high, this level of unemployment compares favorably to rates of 20% and above in the early 1990s.
there is an interesting tension in burckhardt's persona between the wise and worldly student of the italian renaissance, and the cautious product of swiss calvinism, which he had studied extensively for the ministry.	there is an tension in burckhardt's persona between the wise and worldly student of the italian renaissance, and the cautious product of swiss calvinism, which he had studied extensively for the ministry.
reappearing in april 1929, he and another associate, batukeshwar dutt, exploded two low-intensity bombs inside the central legislative assembly in delhi; they also scattered leaflets on the floor, and allowed themselves to be arrested.	reappearing in april 1929, he and another associate, batukeshwar dutt, exploded two improvised bombs inside the central legislative assembly in delhi; they also scattered leaflets on the floor, and allowed themselves to be arrested.
the song was first covered by snakefinger on his debut lp chewing hides the sound in 1979. noise rock pioneers big black covered the song on their 1987 landmark songs about fucking.	the song was first covered by snakefinger on his debut lp chewing hides the sound in 1979. noise rock pioneers big black covered the song on their 1987 album songs about fucking.
michael faraday was one of the great scientists in history.	michael faraday is considered to have been one of the great scientists in history.
alexis drazen (portrayed by misha collins) is a fictional character on the first season of television series 24. he is the younger brother of andre drazen and son of mastermind victor drazen.	alexis drazen (portrayed by misha collins) is a fictional character on the first season of television series 24. he is the younger brother of andre drazen and son of victor drazen.
the neoconfederate ludwig von mises institute (lvm) is one of claremont's most frequent sparring partners among conservative think tanks.	the ludwig von mises institute (lvm) is one of claremont's most frequent sparring partners among conservative think tanks.
his bills met opposition from many legislators, wealthy citizens, and the corporate-controlled media, but long used aggressive tactics to ensure passage of the legislation he favored.	his bills met opposition from many legislators, wealthy citizens, and the media, but long used aggressive tactics to ensure passage of the legislation he favored.
after the byzantine betrayal , the lands to the west of the iskar river remained in bulgarian hands, and resistance against the byzantines was headed by the comitopuli brothers.	after the byzantine takeover , the lands to the west of the iskar river remained in bulgarian hands, and resistance against the byzantines was headed by the comitopuli brothers.
whoopi goldberg - academy award-winning actress and comedienne .	whoopi goldberg - academy award-winning actress and comedian .
freehovind - a pro-hovind website with all hovind's videos, case information, and a forum	freehovind - a fan website with all hovind's videos, case information, and a forum
when indira gandhi imposed a state of emergency in 1975, postponing elections and misusing major central powers granted to her by the constitution, the bjs joined a coalition of parties in active protest.	when indira gandhi imposed a state of emergency in 1975, postponing elections and making contested use of major central powers granted to her by the constitution, the bjs joined a coalition of parties in active protest.
she is considered one of the most commercially and critically successful female entertainers in modern entertainment history and one of the best selling solo recording artists in the us, with riaa-certified shipments of over 71 million albums.	she is one of the most commercially and critically successful female entertainers in modern entertainment history and one of the best selling solo recording artists in the us, with riaa-certified shipments of over 71 million albums.
he has since been deeply involved in c and c++ standardisation and is now the president of dinkumware.	he has since been involved in c and c++ standardisation and is now the president of dinkumware.
due to ronglu's treachery , general nie continued to fight against the boxers and killed many of them, while the foreign invaders were making their way into china.	due to ronglu's actions , general nie continued to fight against the boxers and killed many of them, while the foreign invaders were making their way into china.
20 january 2010: jo enright, comedienne and actress, who has appeared in peter kay's phoenix nights and i'm alan partridge.	20 january 2010: jo enright, comedian and actress, who has appeared in peter kay's phoenix nights and i'm alan partridge.
the infamous orange zapper.	the orange zapper.
after gradauating from prestigious cranbrook kingswood school, kessler graduated magna cum laude from harvard university with a degree in dramatic literature and playwriting,	after gradauating from cranbrook kingswood school, kessler graduated magna cum laude from harvard university with a degree in dramatic literature and playwriting,
lazio had already been endorsed by mike long, the influential conservative party leader.	lazio had already been endorsed by mike long, the conservative party leader.
csi: ny is an american police procedural television series, which premiered on september 22, 2004. the series was the second spin-off, indirectly, from the popular cbs show, csi: crime scene investigation, and directly from csi: miami, during an episode of which several of the csi: ny characters made their first appearance.	csi: ny is an american police procedural television series, which premiered on september 22, 2004. the series was the second spin-off, indirectly, from the cbs show, csi: crime scene investigation, and directly from csi: miami, during an episode of which several of the csi: ny characters made their first appearance.
jerold dwight ellis, iii, better known by his stage name yukmouth, is a grammy-nominated rapper from oakland, california.	jerold dwight ellis, iii, better known by his stage name yukmouth, is a rapper from oakland, california.
this marked the pay-per-view debut of the ultimate warrior's ridiculous flesh-colored body suit.	this marked the pay-per-view debut of the ultimate warrior's flesh-colored body suit.
"reaction from mayor brad smiley and local residents was understandably negative and kansas governor kathleen sebelius invited colbert to ""spend a night"" in canton's historic jail."	"reaction from mayor brad smiley and local residents was negative and kansas governor kathleen sebelius invited colbert to ""spend a night"" in canton's historic jail."
the unstructured connotations of horde are totally false.	the unstructured connotations of horde are false.
an estate version was also proposed, although unfortunately never made production.	an estate version was also proposed, although never made production.
after the battle, models were made of the ingenious design of the p, with one being sent to britain where it sat forgotten in a museum.	after the battle, models were made of the design of the p, with one being sent to britain where it sat forgotten in a museum.
"the banner style makes visual scanning easier for some , since the ""headers"" of any block are the only thing extented at that level (the theory being that the closing control of the previous block interferes with the header of the next block in the k&r and allman styles)."	"the banner style can make visual scanning easier for some, since the ""headers"" of any block are the only thing extented at that level (the theory being that the closing control of the previous block interferes with the header of the next block in the k&r and allman styles)."
, located in north hollywood, california, is a prominent manufacturer of electric guitars and basses, originally from japan.	, located in north hollywood, california, is a manufacturer of electric guitars and basses, originally from japan.
even the charyagiti or charyapada were written in kutila lipi from which odia script was derived.	additionally, the charyagiti or charyapada were written in kutila lipi from which odia script was derived.
because it is not discussed, some latter-day saints allege that those who publicize purported details of temple ceremonies are either disaffected, former or excommunicated church members or non-mormons who have trespassed on private property and made unauthorized recordings or transcripts which, some many believe, violate copyright law of published materials.	because it is not discussed, some latter-day saints allege that those who publicize purported details of temple ceremonies are either disaffected, former or excommunicated church members or non-mormons who have trespassed on private property and made unauthorized recordings or transcripts which, many believe, violate copyright law of published materials.
while such characters could be used by authors to question implicit assumptions about male privilege and patriarchy in the first half of the 20th century, the rise of mainstream feminism and the inflationary use of the concept in the later 20th century have reduced the concept to a standard item of pop culture fiction.	while such characters could be used by authors to question implicit assumptions about male privilege and patriarchy in the first half of the 20th century, the rise of mainstream feminism and the increased use of the concept in the later 20th century have reduced the concept to a standard item of pop culture fiction.
in the end of 1944, the red army liberated carpathian ruthenia (at that time part of czechoslovakia again) and the territory became part of the soviet union by a treaty between czechoslovakia and the soviet union of 1945. the soviet union began a policy of expulsion of the hungarian population.	in the end of 1944, the red army took control over carpathian ruthenia (at that time part of czechoslovakia again) and the territory became part of the soviet union by a treaty between czechoslovakia and the soviet union of 1945. the soviet union began a policy of expulsion of the hungarian population.
the allegations about the case were sharply disputed by idf sources.	the allegations about the case were disputed by idf sources.
north ward is home to the beautiful beachside area known as the strand, which overlooks magnetic island.	north ward is home to the beachside area known as the strand, which overlooks magnetic island.
roster as a backstage correspondent, interviewing the brand's superstars during the brands shows.	roster as a backstage correspondent, interviewing the brand's superstars during the shows.
is a japanese communist terrorist and the former leader and founder of the now disbanded japanese red army (jra).	is a japanese communist and the former leader and founder of the now disbanded japanese red army (jra).
poorer-quality irish and english sausages, or bangers (so named for their tendency to explode during cooking if poorly made), for example, normally have a significant amount of rusk, or bread crumbs, and are less meaty than sausages from other countries, although sausages with high meat content can be found.	irish and english sausages, or bangers (so named for their tendency to explode during cooking if poorly made), for example, normally have a significant amount of rusk, or bread crumbs, and are less meaty than sausages from other countries, although sausages with high meat content can be found.
his greatest career achievement to date was finishing runner-up to phil taylor at the 2010 pdc world darts championship having successfully made the switch from the lower-quality bdo.	his greatest career achievement to date was finishing runner-up to phil taylor at the 2010 pdc world darts championship having successfully made the switch from the bdo.
"james dobson promised to launch a battle ""from sea to shining sea"" against nelson's reelection if he participated in a filibuster of bush's pro-government court nominees."	"james dobson promised to launch a battle ""from sea to shining sea"" against nelson's reelection if he participated in a filibuster of bush's court nominees."
the term was first used in the mid-1950s in relation to the popularity of certain film stars, notably marilyn monroe and brigitte bardot.	the term was first used in the mid-1950s in relation to the popularity of certain film stars, including marilyn monroe and brigitte bardot.
joseph stalin, dictator of the soviet union from 1924 until his death in 1953, is often credited with possessing the most extensive personality cult of all time.	joseph stalin, premier of the soviet union from 1924 until his death in 1953, is often credited with possessing the most extensive personality cult of all time.
brazil officially declared war on 4 august 1914. despite its neutral position and the relative distance maintained since the opening years of the first world war, the crushing effects on brazil's economy and the german u-boat warfare led the emergence of the conflict.	brazil officially declared neutrality on 4 august 1914. despite its neutral position and the relative distance maintained since the opening years of the first world war, the crushing effects on brazil's economy and the german u-boat warfare led the emergence of the conflict.
the revolutionaries established the republic of hawaii, but their ultimate goal was the annexation of the islands to the united states, which finally occurred in 1898.	the revolutionaries established the republic of hawaii, but their ultimate goal was the annexation of the islands to the united states, which occurred in 1898.
(this area on the far end of 125th street is now home to a large grocery store and several trendy restaurants.)	(this area on the far end of 125th street is now home to a large grocery store and several restaurants.)
on january 23, 1995 she witnessed the assassination of her colleague gregorio ordez by the basque terrorist group eta, and thereafter decided that she would spend her political career fighting terrorism.	on january 23, 1995 she witnessed the assassination of her colleague gregorio ordez by the basque separatist group eta, and thereafter decided that she would spend her political career fighting terrorism.
after the tragedy , these problems were fixed, and the apollo program carried on successfully to reach its objective of landing men on the moon.	after the incident , these problems were fixed, and the apollo program carried on successfully to reach its objective of landing men on the moon.
the liberal national women's law center makes the following case for the paycheck fairness act:	the national women's law center makes the following case for the paycheck fairness act:
"after her passing in 1999, her former student from the american university of beirut, dr. henry a. azar, wrote, ""she was for most of us the first and only woman-teacher or woman-in-authority we knew until then, and she was dazzlingly brilliant."	"after her death in 1999, her former student from the american university of beirut, dr. henry a. azar, wrote, ""she was for most of us the first and only woman-teacher or woman-in-authority we knew until then, and she was dazzlingly brilliant."
konya consistently ranks among the nation's top 10 cities for the average score of high school graduates.	konya ranks among the nation's top 10 cities for the average score of high school graduates.
tyrannicide attempt by panagoulis	assassination attempt by panagoulis
he was honored in his hometown in october 2005 when then-mayor sharpe james presided over the unveiling of a street sign in roth's name on the corner of summit and keer avenues where roth lived for much of his childhood, a setting immortalized in the plot against america.	he was honored in his hometown in october 2005 when then-mayor sharpe james presided over the unveiling of a street sign in roth's name on the corner of summit and keer avenues where roth lived for much of his childhood, a setting prominent in the plot against america.
juan diego (1474 – may 30, 1548) was an indigenous mexican who witnessed an apparition of the virgin mary as our lady of guadalupe.	juan diego (1474 – may 30, 1548) is believed to have been an indigenous mexican who witnessed an apparition of the virgin mary as our lady of guadalupe.
instead he believes in the hypothesis that petroleum is produced underground by unknown materials, conditions and forces deeper down in the earth's core.	instead he believes in the theory that petroleum is produced underground by unknown materials, conditions and forces deeper down in the earth's core.
"he was one of apollo's sons, sharing with apollo the epithet paean (""the healer"")."	"he was one of apollo's sons, sharing with apollo the appellation paean (""the healer"")."
during the 16th century, western european scholars - both catholic and protestant - sought to recover the original greek text of the new testament, rather than relying on the vulgate latin translation.	during the 16th century, western european scholars - both catholic and protestant - sought to recover the earliest possible greek text of the new testament, rather than relying on the vulgate latin translation.
"mayhem finds stan and andrey and puts local bully, dennis, a russian meathead , in the ring with thomas ""wildman"" denny to teach him a lesson."	"mayhem finds stan and andrey and puts local bully, dennis, a russian, in the ring with thomas ""wildman"" denny to teach him a lesson."
in 2004, president george w. bush narrowly won reelection, defeating the democratic nominee, senator john kerry.	in 2004, president george w. bush won reelection, defeating the democratic nominee, senator john kerry.
she quickly rose to prominence after winning the national final of the raw comedy competition for new comedians in 2006. she has toured internationally and appeared on australian and new zealand television.	she rose to prominence after winning the national final of the raw comedy competition for new comedians in 2006. she has toured internationally and appeared on australian and new zealand television.
the mother's day holiday, as observed today in the united states, celebrates motherhood generally and the wonderful contributions of mothers to society.	the mother's day holiday, as observed today in the united states, celebrates motherhood generally and the positive contributions of mothers to society.
the premise is that if scores on some test correlate with job performance, then it is economically useful for the employer to select employees based on scores from that test.	the premise is that if scores on a test correlate with job performance, then it is economically useful for the employer to select employees based on scores from that test.
many of the sultans during this time were minors and it was their mothers, inmates of the harem, who effectively ruled the empire.	many of the sultans during this time were minors and it was their mothers, leaders of the harem, who effectively ruled the empire.
he entered national politics as one of president iskander mirza's cabinet members, before being assigned several ministries during president ayub khan's military rule from 1958. appointed foreign minister in 1963, bhutto was a proponent of operation gibraltar in indian- occupied kashmir, leading to war with india in 1965. after the tashkent agreement ended hostilities, bhutto fell out with ayub and was sacked from government.	he entered national politics as one of president iskander mirza's cabinet members, before being assigned several ministries during president ayub khan's military rule from 1958. appointed foreign minister in 1963, bhutto was a proponent of operation gibraltar in indian- administered kashmir, leading to war with india in 1965. after the tashkent agreement ended hostilities, bhutto fell out with ayub and was sacked from government.
when the work was completed, le notre-dame and st. helen's island hosted expo 67, which featured impressive pavilions from over sixty countries.	when the work was completed, le notre-dame and st. helen's island hosted expo 67, which featured pavilions from over sixty countries.
below is a list of a few examples which have been known to carry racial cliches:	below is a list of a few examples which have been claimed to carry racial cliches:
this is to refer to the erroneous belief, by many, that americans are 'full of shit'.	this is to refer to the derogatory belief, by many, that americans are 'full of shit'.
he received his medical degree with honors from the louisiana state university medical school in 1970 and served in residency at the prestigious university of texas m. d. anderson cancer center.	he received his medical degree with honors from the louisiana state university medical school in 1970 and served in residency at the university of texas m. d. anderson cancer center.
in january 2017, ajit pai was named by newly inaugurated president donald trump as the new chairman of the federal communications commission.	in january 2017, ajit pai was named by newly inaugurated president donald trump as the incumbent chairman of the federal communications commission.
it is famous for its serbian orthodox church of st. peter and paul built in 1830, which was sadly bombed in the second world war and it still stands in ruins many decades later.	it is famous for its serbian orthodox church of st. peter and paul built in 1830, which was bombed in the second world war and it still stands in ruins many decades later.
dino is now busy with his supergroup divine heresy which he has signed to roadrunner records and century media records.	dino is now busy with his group divine heresy which he has signed to roadrunner records and century media records.
netherlands humiliated spain by beating them 15, which is the biggest loss margin for a defending champion in the fifa world cup.	netherlands won the opening group match against spain by beating them 15, which is the biggest loss margin for a defending champion in the fifa world cup.
many economic liberals dispute that the egalitarian distribution of wealth and the nationalization of industries advocated by socialists can be achieved without any loss of political or economic individual freedom.	many economic liberals dispute that the egalitarian distribution of wealth and the nationalization of industries advocated by socialists can be achieved without what they percieve as a loss of political or economic individual freedom.
efforts to shield americans from icc prosecution	efforts to shield americans from icc jurisdiction
stephanopoulos rose to early prominence as a quick-witted communications director for the 1992 u.s. presidential campaign of bill clinton, subsequently becoming white house communications director then senior advisor for policy and strategy before departing in december 1996. today he is chief political correspondent for abc news, co-anchor of abc news' good morning america, host of abc's sunday morning this week, and primary substitute for abc network anchor diane sawyer on abc world news.	stephanopoulos rose to early prominence as a communications director for the 1992 u.s. presidential campaign of bill clinton, subsequently becoming white house communications director then senior advisor for policy and strategy before departing in december 1996. today he is chief political correspondent for abc news, co-anchor of abc news' good morning america, host of abc's sunday morning this week, and primary substitute for abc network anchor diane sawyer on abc world news.
he is the grandson of telugu legendary actor late a.n.r.	he is the grandson of telugu actor late a.n.r.
his natural son john accompanied the remains of his gallant father from baug to canterbury for their interment.	his natural son john accompanied the remains of his father from baug to canterbury for their interment.
he is a moderate/liberal republican, a member of christine todd whitman's it's my party too and the republican main street partnership.	he is a republican, a member of christine todd whitman's it's my party too and the republican main street partnership.
the church of god and saints of christ is a black hebrew israelite religious congregation organized in 1896 by prophet william saunders crowdy.	the church of god and saints of christ is a black hebrew israelite religious congregation organized in 1896 by william saunders crowdy.
although vested interests such as the coal industry argue this proposition.	although interests such as the coal industry argue this proposition.
when choosing an avatar to represent your business, it 's important to make sure it makes the right impression.	when choosing an avatar to represent a business, it 's important to make sure it makes the right impression.
one peoples project (opp) is an organization founded in 2000 to monitor and publish information about allegedracist and far right groups and individuals.	one peoples project (opp) is an organization founded in 2000 to monitor and publish information about alleged racist and far right groups and individuals.
sharkie was involved a frightening incident during the pre-game festivities for that evening's sharks vs. red wings game.	sharkie was involved a incident during the pre-game festivities for that evening's sharks vs. red wings game.
it is located on the south coast of the island, close to the island's main harbor and three popular beaches: kammer beach, taga beach, and tachogna beach.	it is located on the south coast of the island, close to the island's main harbor and three beaches: kammer beach, taga beach, and tachogna beach.
star 80 is a highly-regarded 1983 film about the true story of playboy playmate of the year dorothy stratten who was murdered by her estranged husband paul snider in 1980. the film was shot on location in los angeles and the death scene re-enactment was filmed in the actual apartment of the murder.	star 80 is a 1983 film about the true story of playboy playmate of the year dorothy stratten who was murdered by her estranged husband paul snider in 1980. the film was shot on location in los angeles and the death scene re-enactment was filmed in the actual apartment of the murder.
karen mikaelyan (; born may 18, 1932) is an armenian and russian statesman , diplomat, civic leader, and publicist.	karen mikaelyan (; born may 18, 1932) is an armenian and russian politician , diplomat, civic leader, and publicist.
laura prepon (; born march 7, 1980) is an american actress, best known for her role as donna pinciotti in the long-running fox sitcom that '70s show, for all eight seasons.	laura prepon (; born march 7, 1980) is an american actress, known for her role as donna pinciotti in the long-running fox sitcom that '70s show, for all eight seasons.
as cathedrals are often particularly impressive edifices, the term is often used incorrectly as a designation for any large, important church.	as cathedrals are often particularly impressive edifices, the term is often used as a designation for any large, important church.
a site which claims to offer an explanation of heim theory:	a site which attempts to offer an explanation of heim theory:
neal mcdonough was all set to star in the upcoming abc dramedy scoundrels, but was fired after refusing to do sex scenes for the show.	neal mcdonough was set to star in the upcoming abc dramedy scoundrels, but was fired after refusing to do sex scenes for the show.
in 1983, camp signed a new contract, this one with sparrow records, where he released nine powerpack albums.	in 1983, camp signed a new contract, this one with sparrow records, where he released nine successful albums.
barlow had indeed written this great song himself.	barlow had indeed written this hit song himself.
she was the daughter of comedienne carol burnett and producer joe hamilton.	she was the daughter of comedian carol burnett and producer joe hamilton.
terry continued granting arms to the members of the irish diaspora until his death in 1725. after his passing , the irish abroad were obliged to apply to ulster king of arms for grants.	terry continued granting arms to the members of the irish diaspora until his death in 1725. after his death , the irish abroad were obliged to apply to ulster king of arms for grants.
formal independence was enacted in 1878. in 1912 kosovo was reacquired from the ottoman empire and the austro-hungarian occupation of raka (sandak) was terminated.	formal independence was enacted in 1878. in 1912 kosovo was conquered from the ottoman empire and the austro-hungarian occupation of raka (sandak) was terminated.
the announcement of casey's disease was made just days before he underwent the transplant, and as a result many unfairly accused him of receiving preferential treatment with respect to donor waiting lists.	the announcement of casey's disease was made just days before he underwent the transplant, and as a result many accused him of receiving preferential treatment with respect to donor waiting lists.
it is one of only 17 varsities from india to be included in this list (the others being 8 of the iits, university of delhi, university of mumbai, university of calcutta, manipal university, punjab university, university of pune, bhu and birla institute of technology and science)	it is one of 17 varsities from india to be included in this list (the others being 8 of the iits, university of delhi, university of mumbai, university of calcutta, manipal university, punjab university, university of pune, bhu and birla institute of technology and science)
his influences are noticeable in the terminology which he has pillaged from ender's game.	his influences are noticeable in the terminology which he has carried over from ender's game.
one of the most unfortunate results of this occurred on 1993-07-12 when a united states-led operation was launched on what was believed to be a safe house in mogadishu where members of aidid's habr gedir clan were supposedly meeting to plan more violence against u.s. and u.n. forces.	one of the most unfortunate results of this occurred on 1993-07-12 when a united states-led operation was launched on what was claimed to be a safe house in mogadishu where members of aidid's habr gedir clan were supposedly meeting to plan more violence against u.s. and u.n. forces.
in 2014 he joined australian prime minister, tony abbott, and other state premiers on a major trade mission to china.	in 2014 he joined australian prime minister, tony abbott, and other state premiers on a trade mission to china.
the american renaissance , council of conservative citizens , the national alliance and national vanguard {now defunct} are four examples of groups in the united states that self-identify as white nationalist, but have been categorized as white supremacist and racist groups by such organizations as the wealthy splc and the adl.	the american renaissance , council of conservative citizens , the national alliance and national vanguard {now defunct} are four examples of groups in the united states that self-identify as white nationalist, but have been categorized as white supremacist and racist groups by such organizations as the splc and the adl.
the mates are one of the zomi tribes of manipur, india.	the mates are one of the kuki tribes of manipur, india.
the american middle east authority, harvard scholar, and neoconservative author dr. daniel pipes expressed a more favorable opinion, stating:	the american middle east authority, harvard scholar, and author dr. daniel pipes expressed a more favorable opinion, stating:
misogynist puppet and former muchmusic vj ed the sock began on the rogers television station in toronto.	puppet and former muchmusic vj ed the sock began on the rogers television station in toronto.
katherine grant of rothiemurchus, 12th countess of dysart (1 june 1918 8 november 2011) was a scottish peeress .	katherine grant of rothiemurchus, 12th countess of dysart (1 june 1918 8 november 2011) was a scottish peer .
the right to keep and bear arms, which is protected under the second amendment, is often inaccurately presented in the context of military service and the broader right of self defense.	the right to keep and bear arms, which is protected under the second amendment, is often presented in the context of military service and the broader right of self defense.
many dutch books and a few movies are based on this heroic resistance group.	many dutch books and a few movies are based on this resistance group.
rear admiral mark mellett, deputy chief of staff of the irish defence forces, is a former member of the prestigious nsds.	rear admiral mark mellett, deputy chief of staff of the irish defence forces, is a former member of the nsds.
during this heroic battle the paratroopers found themselves surrounded but were able to capture a personal communication system from a hizbullah fighter dead body.	during this battle the paratroopers found themselves surrounded but were able to capture a personal communication system from a hizbullah fighter dead body.
essendon sits at the bottom of the 2006 afl ladder with 4 points and a percentage of 75.5. essendon are certain to be 2006 wooden spooners.	essendon sits at the bottom of the 2006 afl ladder with 4 points and a percentage of 75.5. essendon are likely to be 2006 wooden spooners.
illustrated lotus sutra handscroll, kamakura period, c. 1257; ink, color, and gold on paper.	illustrated lotus stra handscroll, kamakura period, c. 1257; ink, color, and gold on paper.
the red sox swept a four-game home stand on april 2528 against the faltering astros, their first series against houston since the astros moved to the american league west.	the red sox swept a four-game home stand on april 2528 against the astros, their first series against houston since the astros moved to the american league west.
it was a complicated hand-built unit with cast iron paired closed-head cylinders bolted to an aluminium crankcase, and it used a flat-plane crankshaft.	it was a sophisticated hand-built unit with cast iron paired closed-head cylinders bolted to an aluminium crankcase, and it used a flat-plane crankshaft.
structured rule - members submit amendments to the rules committee, and the rules committee cherry-picks which amendments may be considered on the floor.	structured rule - members submit amendments to the rules committee, and the rules committee selects which amendments may be considered on the floor.
the rockefeller foundation is a prominent philanthropic organization and private foundation based at 420 fifth avenue, new york city.	the rockefeller foundation is a philanthropic organization and private foundation based at 420 fifth avenue, new york city.
it has strong chapters in india, south africa, australia, pakistan and other countries.	it has chapters in india, south africa, australia, pakistan and other countries.
many respected holy have people lived in giddarbaha, including baba tapasi ram and chandan muni.	many important holy have people lived in giddarbaha, including baba tapasi ram and chandan muni.
unfortunately cha cha no longer supports questions via sms.	cha cha no longer supports questions via sms.
azerbaijanis, also known as azeris, are a iranian people numbering ca.	azerbaijanis, also known as azeris, are a turkic people numbering ca.
eijaz studied in the our lady of perpetual succour high school located in chembur a suburb in mumbai and later pursued civil engineering from the prestigious datta meghe college of engineering, airoli.	eijaz studied in the our lady of perpetual succour high school located in chembur a suburb in mumbai and later pursued civil engineering from the datta meghe college of engineering, airoli.
another area of much research is two-dimensional string theory which provides simple toy models of string theory.	another area of much research is two-dimensional string theory which provides simple models of string theory.
"romanek was given his first grammy award for best short form video in 1996 for ""scream,"" a much-hyped collaboration between the pop superstar siblings michael jackson and janet jackson."	"romanek was given his first grammy award for best short form video in 1996 for ""scream,"" a collaboration between the pop superstar siblings michael jackson and janet jackson."
on september 30, the senate rejected several house proposals that would have funded the government through december, while delaying and altering the implementation of controversial elements of the affordable care act.	on september 30, the senate rejected several house proposals that would have funded the government through december, while delaying and altering the implementation of some elements of the affordable care act.
angela v. shelton, actress, comedienne	angela v. shelton, actress, comedian
claire porter (born december 23, 1942) is an american choreographer/ comedienne known for blending comedic monologues with dance movement.	claire porter (born december 23, 1942) is an american choreographer/ comedian known for blending comedic monologues with dance movement.
other works demonstrating his versatility include the novelization of the james cameron film the abyss, the remarkable alternate histories the tales of alvin maker and pastwatch, and robota, a collaboration with star wars artist doug chiang.	other works demonstrating his versatility include the novelization of the james cameron film the abyss, the alternate histories the tales of alvin maker and pastwatch, and robota, a collaboration with star wars artist doug chiang.
the history of earth covers approximately 4.6 billion years (4,567,000,000 years), from earths formation out of the solar nebula to the present.	the history of earth is believed by many scientists to cover approximately 4.6 billion years (4,567,000,000 years), from earths formation out of the solar nebula to the present.
ahmad elrich (born 30 may 1981 in sydney) is a disgraced former australian footballer.	ahmad elrich (born 30 may 1981 in sydney) is a former australian footballer.
some hostages are released whilst others are murdered , often by beheading.	some hostages are released whilst others are killed , often by beheading.
despite negative reviews, the musical broke records at the hirschfeld box office three times, grossing over a million dollars in one week, and being the third best-grossing show in the 2010 thanksgiving weekend, behind wicked and the lion king.	despite these reviews, the musical broke records at the hirschfeld box office three times, grossing over a million dollars in one week, and being the third best-grossing show in the 2010 thanksgiving weekend, behind wicked and the lion king.
visionaries around the world developed new business models, and ran to their nearest venture capitalist.	entrepreneurs around the world developed new business models, and ran to their nearest venture capitalist.
empire earth ii: the art of supremacy ,abbreviated to ee ii:aos or aos for short, is the official expansion pack for the 2005 bestselling game, empire earth ii.	empire earth ii: the art of supremacy ,abbreviated to ee ii:aos or aos for short, is the official expansion pack for the 2005 game, empire earth ii.
the power rangers are also forbidden to disclose their identities to the general public, barring extenuating circumstances (although this rule was stupidly disregarded in power rangers: lightspeed rescue and power rangers: s.p.d., in which they were public servants rescue squad, police officers, etc.).	the power rangers are also forbidden to disclose their identities to the general public, barring extenuating circumstances (although this rule was disregarded in power rangers: lightspeed rescue and power rangers: s.p.d., in which they were public servants rescue squad, police officers, etc.).
the bnh an / ty vinh massacre was a series of massacres purportedly conducted by the rok capital division of the south korean army between february 12, 1966 and march 17, 1966 of 1,200 unarmed citizens in the go dai village and other areas in the rural commune of bnh an/ ty vinh area, ty sn district of bnh nh province in south vietnam.	the bnh an / ty vinh massacre was a series of massacres alleged to have been conducted by the rok capital division of the south korean army between february 12, 1966 and march 17, 1966 of 1,200 unarmed citizens in the go dai village and other areas in the rural commune of bnh an/ ty vinh area, ty sn district of bnh nh province in south vietnam.
already well known as the seat of the arts & crafts movement under the stewardship of the great william morris, waltham forest has continued to succour many contemporary artists & art groups.	already well known as the seat of the arts & crafts movement under the stewardship of the william morris, waltham forest has continued to succour many contemporary artists & art groups.
according to a report from the national center for biotechnology information the cchr has uncovered real cases of faulty psychiatric care, which gave them some credibility; conversely, the cchr has used pseudo-science and false information to disingenuously validate their claims .	according to a report from the national center for biotechnology information the cchr has uncovered real cases of faulty psychiatric care, which gave them some credibility; conversely, the cchr has been accused of using pseudo-science and false information to disingenuously validate their claims .
the event is a collection of speeches, live music, street vending, and the occasional civil disobedience centered on the goal of reforming federal, state, and local marijuana laws.	the event is a collection of speeches, live music, street vending, and the occasional civil disobedience centered on the goal of revising federal, state, and local marijuana laws.
the accident occurred at 9:00 p.m. in ross township, a northern suburb of pittsburgh.	the crash occurred at 9:00 p.m. in ross township, a northern suburb of pittsburgh.
she gained notoriety once more three years later, while being filmed biting and striking a masked israeli soldier who was apprehending her brother for throwing stones.	she gained recognition once more three years later, while being filmed biting and striking a masked israeli soldier who was apprehending her brother for throwing stones.
since the cooper pair has electric charge, neutral this fermion condensate breaks the electromagnetic gauge symmetry of a superconductor, giving rise to the wonderful electromagnetic properties of such states.	since the cooper pair has electric charge, this fermion condensate breaks the electromagnetic gauge symmetry of a superconductor, giving rise to the wonderful electromagnetic properties of such states.
"lee perfected his fitness and tracked the evolution of his training in personal notes and diary, which have been recollected and published in the bruce lee library by john little, a ""martial arts historian"" from bruce lee's estate."	"lee cared deeply about his fitness and tracked the evolution of his training in personal notes and diary, which have been recollected and published in the bruce lee library by john little, a ""martial arts historian"" from bruce lee's estate."
unfortunately unlike with many other netbooks the ram socket is not accessible without dismantling.	unlike with many other netbooks the ram socket is not accessible without dismantling.
grosso cheated in a match against australia in the round of 16 of the 2006 world cup in kaiserslautern, when he went down under a challenge from lucas neill inside the penalty area, winning a penalty in the final seconds of the match which was converted by francesco totti, giving italy a 1-0 win.	grosso courted controversy in a match against australia in the round of 16 of the 2006 world cup in kaiserslautern, when he went down under a challenge from lucas neill inside the penalty area, winning a penalty in the final seconds of the match which was converted by francesco totti, giving italy a 1-0 win.
naturopathic and other wholistic doctors still honor the wisdom of evolution, avoid harmful drugs, and treat the underlying condition with magnesium.	naturopathic and other wholistic doctors still honor the wisdom of evolution, avoid drugs, and treat the underlying condition with magnesium.
melatonin agonists, including ramelteon (rozerem) and tasimelteon, seem to lack the potential for abuse and dependence.	melatonin agonists, including ramelteon (rozerem) and tasimelteon, seem to lack the potential for misuse and dependence.
tipu sultan was a secular ruler, in whose state there was perfect communal harmony.	tipu sultan was a secular ruler, in whose state there was communal harmony.
only a minority of cannabis users seek medical help with their addiction, but demand for treatment for cannabis use disorder is increasing internationally.	only a minority of cannabis users seek medical help with addiction, but demand for treatment for cannabis use disorder is increasing internationally.
the term tsakonas or tzakonas first emerges in the writings of byzantine chroniclers who derive the ethnonym from a corruption of lakonas, a laconian/lacedaemonian (spartan) a reference to the doric roots of the tsakonian language and the people's relatively late conversion to christianity and practice of pagan hellenic customs.	the term tsakonas or tzakonas first emerges in the writings of byzantine chroniclers who derive the ethnonym from a corruption of lakonas, a laconian/lacedaemonian (spartan) a reference to the doric roots of the tsakonian language and the people's relatively late conversion to christianity and practice of traditional hellenic customs.
scholars and observers who deny islam is a political ideology include fred halliday and john esposito.	scholars and observers who don't agree with the notion that islam is a political ideology include fred halliday and john esposito.
the waco siege was a siege of a compound belonging to the religious group branch davidians by american federal and texas state law enforcement and military between february 28 and april 19, 1993. the branch davidians, a sect that separated in 1955 from the seventh-day adventist church, was led by david koresh and lived at mount carmel center ranch in the community of elk, texas, nine miles (14 kilometers) east-northeast of waco.	the waco siege was a siege of a property belonging to the religious group branch davidians by american federal and texas state law enforcement and military between february 28 and april 19, 1993. the branch davidians, a sect that separated in 1955 from the seventh-day adventist church, was led by david koresh and lived at mount carmel center ranch in the community of elk, texas, nine miles (14 kilometers) east-northeast of waco.
land encroachment controversy resolved	land encroachment controversy
on june 1, 1990 the then legislative yuan members chen shui-bian (later the 10th and 11th president of the republic of china) and chou po-lun, both of the democratic progressive party (taiwan) espousing the taiwan independence movement, had correctly accused ch'ien of occupying public land as the nature of gifting the land for sushulou by chiang kai-shek to a private citizen was deemed to be illegal.	on june 1, 1990 the then legislative yuan members chen shui-bian (later the 10th and 11th president of the republic of china) and chou po-lun, both of the democratic progressive party (taiwan) espousing the taiwan independence movement, had accused ch'ien of occupying public land as the nature of gifting the land for sushulou by chiang kai-shek to a private citizen was deemed to be illegal.
famously , and against the strongly-expressed advice of his advisers, de valera formally offered his condolences to the german minister in dublin on the death of hitler in 1945, in accordance with diplomatic protocol.	infamously , and against the strongly-expressed advice of his advisers, de valera formally offered his condolences to the german minister in dublin on the death of hitler in 1945, in accordance with diplomatic protocol.
maltesers famously sponsor the itv1 daytime show loose women where they bravely use a woman with a learning disability to advertise the product.	maltesers famously sponsor the itv1 daytime show loose women where they use a woman with a learning disability to advertise the product.
as a producer, most of his films were average except for iqbal (2005) which was brilliantly written by vipul k rawal.	as a producer, most of his films were average except for iqbal (2005) which was written by vipul k rawal.
additionally, while the five points of calvinism bear his name and are a reflection of his thinking, they were not articulated by him, and were actually a product of the synod of dort, which issued its judgments in response to five specific objections that arose after calvin's time.	additionally, while the five points of calvinism bear his name and can be seen as a reflection of his thinking, they were not articulated by him, and were actually a product of the synod of dort, which issued its judgments in response to five specific objections that arose after calvin's time.
terrorism has often been used to justify military intervention in countries like pakistan and iran where terrorists are said to be based.	terrorism has often been used to justify military intervention in countries like pakistan and iran wherz terrorists are said to be based.
instant runoff voting fails the monotonicity criterion, which means that under unique circumstances switching a vote away from a losing candidate to a winning candidate can cause the candidate to lose the election, by altering which candidates make it into the final runoff tally.	instant runoff voting fails the monotonicity criterion, which means that under some circumstances switching a vote away from a losing candidate to a winning candidate can cause the candidate to lose the election, by altering which candidates make it into the final runoff tally.
despite her phenomenal success as a supermodel, banks began venturing from modeling to becoming a media personality after 2000. she is the host, head judge, and an executive producer of the hit upn television show america's next top model.	despite her phenomenal success as a supermodel, banks began venturing from modeling to becoming a media personality after 2000. she is the host, head judge, and an executive producer of the upn television show america's next top model.
neither design was very successful, as was the case with others, such as samuel brown, samuel morey, and etienne lenoir with his hippomobile, who each produced vehicles (usually adapted carriages or carts) powered by clumsy internal combustion engines.	neither design was very successful, as was the case with others, such as samuel brown, samuel morey, and etienne lenoir with his hippomobile, who each produced vehicles (usually adapted carriages or carts) powered by internal combustion engines.
in april 2009, liberty controversially protested against a poster campaign by greater manchester police which depicted a series of notorious manchester gangsters, the gooch gang, as pensioners.	in april 2009, liberty protested against a poster campaign by greater manchester police which depicted a series of notorious manchester gangsters, the gooch gang, as pensioners.
in order to address the criticism, liz decides to hire an up-and-coming comedienne named abby flynn (cristin milioti), but becomes frustrated when she turns out to be an embarrassing female stereotype, and so seeks to uncover her real personality.	in order to address the criticism, liz decides to hire an up-and-coming comedian named abby flynn (cristin milioti), but becomes frustrated when she turns out to be an embarrassing female stereotype, and so seeks to uncover her real personality.
"a second event, originally scheduled to take place in october 2009 in iran, and later rescheduled for april 2010, was canceled after a dispute arose between iran and the arab world over the use of the term persian gulf in logos for the games, as some countries in the arab world use the fictitious term ""arabian gulf"" to refer to the persian gulf."	"a second event, originally scheduled to take place in october 2009 in iran, and later rescheduled for april 2010, was canceled after a dispute arose between iran and the arab world over the use of the term persian gulf in logos for the games, as some countries in the arab world use the term ""arabian gulf"" to refer to the persian gulf."
religion in bulgaria has been dominated by christianity since its adoption as the state religion in 865. the dominant form of the religion is still eastern orthodox christianity within the fold of the bulgarian orthodox church.	religion in bulgaria has been dominated by christianity since its adoption as the state religion in 865. the dominant form of the religion is eastern orthodox christianity within the fold of the bulgarian orthodox church.
acclaimed deadpool writer daniel way wrote the story together with high moon studios, bringing in his trademark humor from the comics to video games.	former deadpool writer daniel way wrote the story together with high moon studios, bringing in his trademark humor from the comics to video games.
following a series of crippling strikes by the waste collection services in birmingham, clancy resigned on 11 september 2017. a vote of no confidence had been tabled in his ability to lead, and this contributed to his departure.	following a series of strikes by the waste collection services in birmingham, clancy resigned on 11 september 2017. a vote of no confidence had been tabled in his ability to lead, and this contributed to his departure.
the harvest festival onam is the biggest festival celebrated in kerala, india.	the harvest festival onam is the major festival celebrated in kerala, india.
she took active part in india's struggle for freedom and became a close disciple (though not uncritical) of mahatma gandhi.	she took active part in india's struggle for independence and became a close disciple (though not uncritical) of mahatma gandhi.
after the 1948 arab-israeli conflict, 110,000 palestinians displaced from their homes in present day israel took refuge in lebanon.	after the 1948 arab-israeli conflict, 110,000 palestinians flee from their homes in present day israel took refuge in lebanon.
carla gilberta bruni tedeschi, known as carla bruni (born 23 december 1967) is a french songwriter, singer and former model, and wife of french president nicolas sarkozy.	carla gilberta bruni tedeschi, known as carla bruni (born 23 december 1967) is an italian-born, naturalised french songwriter, singer and former model, and wife of french president nicolas sarkozy.
the morning sun shines is a fiction-documentary film (1929) by master director kenji mizoguchi and seiichi ina.	the morning sun shines is a fiction-documentary film (1929) by director kenji mizoguchi and seiichi ina.
during gaza war (200809), israel attacked at least two schools in beit lahiya (asma elementary school) and jabalia were ran by united nations and sheltered displaced persons.	during gaza war (200809), israel struck at least two schools in beit lahiya (asma elementary school) and jabalia were ran by united nations and sheltered displaced persons.
stephen gray is a south african hack writer and critic born in cape town in 1941. he studied at the university of cape town, cambridge university, england, and the university of iowa, usa.	stephen gray is a south african writer and critic born in cape town in 1941. he studied at the university of cape town, cambridge university, england, and the university of iowa, usa.
"michael joseph jackson (born august 29 1958 in gary, indiana), is an american singer-songwriter, record producer, dancer, choreographer, actor, and philanthropist, who is known by his peers and fans as the self-proclaimed ""king of pop"" ."	"michael joseph jackson (born august 29 1958 in gary, indiana), is an american singer-songwriter, record producer, dancer, choreographer, actor, and philanthropist, who is known by his peers and fans as the ""king of pop"" ."
"after the mysterious murder of jonbent in the family's home in december 1996, boulder law enforcement officials declared that patsy and her husband were ""under an umbrella of suspicion"" due to their possible involvement in the crime."	"after the murder of jonbent in the family's home in december 1996, boulder law enforcement officials declared that patsy and her husband were ""under an umbrella of suspicion"" due to their possible involvement in the crime."
rebecca louise front (born may 1964) is a bafta awardwinning english comedienne and actress best known for her performances in the thick of it, and series of critically acclaimed satirical comedies in the early 1990s: on the hour, the day today and knowing me, knowing you...with alan partridge.	rebecca louise front (born may 1964) is a bafta awardwinning english comedian and actress best known for her performances in the thick of it, and series of critically acclaimed satirical comedies in the early 1990s: on the hour, the day today and knowing me, knowing you...with alan partridge.
"he is best known for his 1999 top 20 hip hop hit ""restless"" and his landmark lp thug ride."	"he is best known for his 1999 top 20 hip hop hit ""restless"" and his debut lp thug ride."
"rettig is best remembered for portraying the character ""jeff miller"" in the first three seasons of cbs's lassie television series, from 1954 to 1957, later seen in syndicated re-runs as jeff's collie."	"rettig is remembered for portraying the character ""jeff miller"" in the first three seasons of cbs's lassie television series, from 1954 to 1957, later seen in syndicated re-runs as jeff's collie."
the cwa represented roughly 15,000 of the previous 20,000 formerly cingular wireless employees as of early 2006.	the cwa represented roughly 15,000 of the previous 20,000 formerly at&t wireless employees as of early 2006.
his work has important applications in medicine, such as helping to provide a more effective vaccine against tuberculosis.	his work has applications in medicine, such as helping to provide a more effective vaccine against tuberculosis.
it is commonly associated with the shallow but effective tactic in the game of amassing a large force of units known as zergling or any type of zerg unit and rushing the enemy base before they can properly defend themselves.	it is commonly associated with the simple but effective tactic in the game of amassing a large force of units known as zergling or any type of zerg unit and rushing the enemy base before they can properly defend themselves.
therefore they are exposed to a larger dose of harmful radiation.	therefore they are exposed to a larger dose of radiation.
tequesta is an incorporated upscale village in palm beach county, florida, united states.	tequesta is an incorporated village in palm beach county, florida, united states.
for several years a golden/cinnamon colored dog sporting a blue collar has been seen at nearly every riot/protest whether it be peaceful or malicious .	for several years a golden/cinnamon colored dog sporting a blue collar has been seen at nearly every riot/protest whether it be peaceful or destructive .
for example, a right-handed guitarist might hammer down on fret twelve with the index finger of the right hand and, in the motion of removing that finger, pluck the same string already fretted at the eighth fret by the little finger of his/her left hand.	for example, a right-handed guitarist might hammer down on fret twelve with the index finger of the right hand and, in the motion of removing that finger, pluck the same string already fretted at the eighth fret by the little finger of their left hand.
alt=a caucasian male with light brown hair holds his forehead looking unhappy.|uptony mowbray unhappy as celtic manager	alt=a caucasian male with light brown hair holds his forehead looking unhappy.|uptony mowbray as celtic manager
it is also sometimes used in education, especially physical education, as an enjoyable way to encourage people to exercise the body in unusual ways, by mimicking various animals.	it is also sometimes used in education, especially physical education, as an way to encourage people to exercise the body in unusual ways, by mimicking various animals.
days of our lives (often abbreviated to dool or days) is a long-running daytime soap opera broadcast on the nbc television network.	days of our lives (often abbreviated to dool or days) is a daytime soap opera broadcast on the nbc television network.
in 1995 he set up watchmaker productions to produce the clive james show for itv, and a subsequent series launched the british career of singer and comedienne margarita pracatan.	in 1995 he set up watchmaker productions to produce the clive james show for itv, and a subsequent series launched the british career of singer and comedian margarita pracatan.
"a return to more 'traditional' values: to include making access to abortion more difficult or even illegal; paying women to stay at home and raise children; refusing ""aberrant"" cultures such as modern art and gay culture; promoting certain local traditional culture"	"a return to more 'traditional' values: to include making access to abortion more difficult or illegal; paying women to stay at home and raise children; refusing ""aberrant"" cultures such as modern art and gay culture; promoting certain local traditional culture"
warren carlos sapp (born december 19, 1972 in orlando, florida) is a unprofessional football player for the nfl's oakland raiders.	warren carlos sapp (born december 19, 1972 in orlando, florida) is a professional football player for the nfl's oakland raiders.
mount juliet will finally be moving from its antique building to a new one.	mount juliet will finally be moving from its current building to a new one.
former ucla basketball star bill walton (1973) and university of tennessee quarterback peyton manning (1997) have also earned the honor.	former ucla basketball player bill walton (1973) and university of tennessee quarterback peyton manning (1997) have also earned the honor.
"in his 1941 book censorship 1917, james mock noted that most u.s. establishment newspapers ""showed no antipathy toward the act"" and ""far from opposing the measure, the leading papers seemed actually to lead the movement in behalf of its speedy enactment."""	"in his 1941 book censorship 1917, james mock noted that most u.s. newspapers ""showed no antipathy toward the act"" and ""far from opposing the measure, the leading papers seemed actually to lead the movement in behalf of its speedy enactment."""
a prominent jewish resident of puerto rico, he was married to the late raquel armenteros vzquez, a co-founder of puerto rico's league of women voters, and has several sons, including jan, an attorney, stephen and peter.	a jewish resident of puerto rico, he was married to the late raquel armenteros vzquez, a co-founder of puerto rico's league of women voters, and has several sons, including jan, an attorney, stephen and peter.
the album was recognized as one of the 100 best albums of the decade so far by pitchfork media in august 2014.	the album was selected as one of the 100 best albums of the decade so far by pitchfork media in august 2014.
ingrid vandebosch (born november 8, 1969 in zichen-zussen-bolder, limburg, belgium) is a supermodel and occasional actress.	ingrid vandebosch (born november 8, 1969 in zichen-zussen-bolder, limburg, belgium) is a model and occasional actress.
the inner surface is smooth, hairless skin, which resembles a mucous membrane, and is sometimes only visible when the inner and outer labia are drawn apart; however, in many women, the labia minora extend well below the labia majora.	the inner surface is smooth, hairless skin, which resembles a mucous membrane, and is commonly only visible when the inner and outer labia are drawn apart; however, in many women, the labia minora extend well below the labia majora.
the ism released a statement disputing nasrallah's version of events, and claiming that the corries were not the intended targets.	the ism released a statement disputing nasrallah's version of events, and saying that the corries were not the intended targets.
foreign arab volunteers entered palestine to fight alongside the palestinians.	arab volunteers entered palestine to fight alongside the palestinians.
other movies and television shows in which ben stein has appeared include: seinfeld, full house, casper meets wendy, the mask and its sequel, son of the mask as well as the tv show, the mask: the animated series, earthworm jim (tv series), star search, macgyver, richie rich, game show moments gone bananas, cavuto on business, the o'reilly factor, cbs news sunday morning, planes, trains and automobiles, family guy, fairly odd parents, duckman, married...with children, and the intelligent design vs. evolution documentaryexpelled: no intelligence allowed	other movies and television shows in which ben stein has appeared include: seinfeld, full house, casper meets wendy, the mask and its sequel, son of the mask as well as the tv show, the mask: the animated series, earthworm jim (tv series), star search, macgyver, richie rich, game show moments gone bananas, cavuto on business, the o'reilly factor, cbs news sunday morning, planes, trains and automobiles, family guy, fairly odd parents, duckman, married...with children, and the intelligent design vs. evolution documentary , expelled: no intelligence allowed
in january 2010, his second film, the selvaraghavan-directed fantasy adventure film aayirathil oruvan, finally got released.	in january 2010, his second film, the selvaraghavan-directed fantasy adventure film aayirathil oruvan, got released.
it was hatch's first primary competition since his election in 1976. hatch won the primary election easily; herrod did not even make it to the primary.	it was hatch's first primary competition since his election in 1976. hatch won the primary election easily; herrod did not make it to the primary.
considered to be highest in rank are priests of if (ee-fah), which in santeria is an all male cult .	considered to be highest in rank are priests of if (ee-fah), which in santeria is an all male group .
opponents, such the british think-tank open europe and former danish mep jens-peter bonde, argue that it will centralise the eu, and weaken democracy by moving power further away from national electorates.	opponents, such the british think-tank open europe and former danish mep jens-peter bonde, argue that it will centralise the eu, and weaken democracy by moving power away from national electorates.
his mother left the cult when he was 11 years old and they returned to london and attempted to reintegrate into society.	his mother left the movement when he was 11 years old and they returned to london and attempted to reintegrate into society.
when wilkinson sought a 99-year lease on the land and control of nearby game parks from the controversial king mswati of swaziland, he was refused.	when wilkinson sought a 99-year lease on the land and control of nearby game parks from the king mswati of swaziland, he was refused.
"anderson was born to ""a theatrical family"" in brooklyn, new york, march 10, 1911. he was a lifelong republican ."	"anderson was born to ""a theatrical family"" in brooklyn, new york, march 10, 1911. he was a republican ."
however, by 2010, the city was in such dire economic straits that its city government made deep cuts to many essential services, including public safety (fire and police) and parks and recreation.	however, by 2010, the city was in such dire economic straits that its city government made deep cuts to many services, including public safety (fire and police) and parks and recreation.
neutral mutations are defined as mutations whose effects douence the fitness of either the species or the individuals who make up the species.	neutral mutations are defined as mutations whose effects do not influence the fitness of either the species or the individuals who make up the species.
alongside editors such as robert heller and frank oveis, michael leach became known for acquiring and shaping projects for progressive catholics.	alongside editors such as robert heller and frank oveis, michael leach became known for acquiring and shaping projects for catholics.
his father, william balck, was a generalleutnant in the german army and prominent writer on tactics before and immediately after the first world war.	his father, william balck, was a generalleutnant in the german army and a writer on tactics before and immediately after the first world war.
"some years later karaoke singer robbie williams would sell out three nights at the venue, something of little interest to brother noel: ""it's not about the music""."	"some years later singer robbie williams would sell out three nights at the venue, something of little interest to brother noel: ""it's not about the music""."
bollywood cinema directors mahesh bhatt and mukesh bhatt expressed their desire to use annies song mahiya, for their movie awarapan, which consequently gained her more fame and fan following.	bollywood cinema moguls mahesh bhatt and mukesh bhatt expressed their desire to use annies song mahiya, for their movie awarapan, which consequently gained her more fame and fan following.
on april 13, 2018, the wall street journal hastily reported that broidy, who was married at the time, had a sexual relationship with the playboy playmate shera bechard, resulting in a pregnancy in late 2017. the model later had an abortion.	on april 13, 2018, the wall street journal reported that broidy, who was married at the time, had a sexual relationship with the playboy playmate shera bechard, resulting in a pregnancy in late 2017. the model later had an abortion.
gerry cheevers, former nhl player /legend	gerry cheevers, former nhl player
for example, some jewish writers and activists who are critical of israel or zionism have reported the phrase being used against them solely because of their political views.	for example, some jewish writers and activists who are critical of israel or zionism have alleged the phrase being used against them solely because of their political views.
the first lego space sets were truly a leap forward in lego design.	the first lego space sets were a leap forward in lego design.
"early in the tour, amy discusses the restaurant's negative online reviews, bragging that she and samy are the only restaurant owners she knows who ""stand up"" to ""online bullies and haters""."	"early in the tour, amy discusses the restaurant's negative online reviews, stating that she and samy are the only restaurant owners she knows who ""stand up"" to ""online bullies and haters""."
anarcho-syndicalism is viewed as an anachronism by many contemporary anarchists.	anarcho-syndicalism is viewed as an anachronism by some contemporary anarchists.
the portsmouth grammar school is a leading co-educational, selective, independent school located in portsmouth, england.	the portsmouth grammar school is a co-educational, selective, independent school located in portsmouth, england.
"however, when the case was then appealed up to the united states supreme court, the justices dismissed it as ""moot"" on october 4, 1982, (459 u.s. 809) on the technicality that the revised ratification deadline of june 30, 1982, had already passed."	"however, when the case was then appealed up to the united states supreme court, the justices dismissed it as ""moot"" on october 4, 1982, (459 u.s. 809) on the grounds that the revised ratification deadline of june 30, 1982, had already passed."
she married the assistant-director andr smagghe in 1961. sadly he turned out to be alcoholic who was eventually hospitalized.	she married the assistant-director andr smagghe in 1961. he turned out to be alcoholic who was eventually hospitalized.
keane are an english piano rock band, first established in battle, east sussex in 1995, and taking their current name in late 1997. the group comprises composer, bassist, and pianist tim rice-oxley, lead vocalist tom chaplin and drummer richard hughes.	keane are a pretty awful english piano rock band, first established in battle, east sussex in 1995, and taking their current name in late 1997. the group comprises composer, bassist, and pianist tim rice-oxley, lead vocalist tom chaplin and drummer richard hughes.
a state's effective monopoly of force is an issue of great concern for all national leaders, who must rely on the military to supply this aspect of their authority.	a state's effective use of force is an issue of great concern for all national leaders, who must rely on the military to supply this aspect of their authority.
for much of indian history, casteist brahmins have been the majority in intellectual occupations such as teaching and writing.	for much of indian history, brahmins have been the majority in intellectual occupations such as teaching and writing.
various pro- family groups, including the campaign for california families, plans to sue the mayor of san francisco for violating california's marriage laws.	various conservative family groups, including the campaign for california families, plans to sue the mayor of san francisco for violating california's marriage laws.
it is popular for its traditional windmills, tulips, cheese, clogs (wooden shoes), delftware and gouda pottery, for its bicycles, and in addition, traditional values and civil virtues such as its classic social tolerance.	it is known for its traditional windmills, tulips, cheese, clogs (wooden shoes), delftware and gouda pottery, for its bicycles, and in addition, traditional values and civil virtues such as its classic social tolerance.
in 1995, the executive and legislative branches negotiated a reform of the 1987 sandinista constitution which gave impressive new powers and independence to the legislature--the national assembly--including permitting the assembly to override a presidential veto with a simple majority vote and eliminating the president's ability to pocket veto a bill.	in 1995, the executive and legislative branches negotiated a reform of the 1987 sandinista constitution which gave extensive new powers and independence to the legislature--the national assembly--including permitting the assembly to override a presidential veto with a simple majority vote and eliminating the president's ability to pocket veto a bill.
prior to assuming the presidency, jewell was also very involved in pennsylvania politics and held the powerful position of finance chairman for the allegheny county republican party.	prior to assuming the presidency, jewell was also very involved in pennsylvania politics and held the position of finance chairman for the allegheny county republican party.
21 february mayor of london boris johnson controversially announces he is to campaign for the uk to leave the european union.	21 february mayor of london boris johnson announces he is to campaign for the uk to leave the european union.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is a country in western europe, usually known simply as the united kingdom, the uk, or, inaccurately, as great britain or britain.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is a state in western europe, usually known simply as the united kingdom, the uk, or, inaccurately, as great britain or britain.
she came to national attention while serving as florida secretary of state, responsible for presiding over the state results of the bitterly contested 2000 u.s. presidential election.	she came to national attention while serving as florida secretary of state, responsible for presiding over the state results of the closely contested 2000 u.s. presidential election.
"it is often held and argued by non-muslims that allah was an alter-ego of convenience for muhammad, which he used to satisfy his lust for wealth, women, and power, as evidenced by the divine sanctions for muhammad's taking his adopted son's wife (in direct contradiction to his earlier laws), his taking of a minimum of eleven wives (directly breaking the law that the koran says allah revealed for the entire community which established a maximum of four wives), a total of one-eleventh of the koran being spent discussing muhammad's sex life, wives, and domestic disputes, and the doctrine of abrogation, or naskh, by which polar-opposite contradictory verses are reconciled in traditional islamic thought (by establishing a chronology, and having later verses cancel earlier ones) thus making the worship of allah very much the worship of muhammad, or ""muhammadanism""."	"it is often held and argued by robert spencer that allah was an alter-ego of convenience for muhammad, which he used to satisfy his lust for wealth, women, and power, as evidenced by the divine sanctions for muhammad's taking his adopted son's wife (in direct contradiction to his earlier laws), his taking of a minimum of eleven wives (directly breaking the law that the koran says allah revealed for the entire community which established a maximum of four wives), a total of one-eleventh of the koran being spent discussing muhammad's sex life, wives, and domestic disputes, and the doctrine of abrogation, or naskh, by which polar-opposite contradictory verses are reconciled in traditional islamic thought (by establishing a chronology, and having later verses cancel earlier ones) thus making the worship of allah very much the worship of muhammad, or ""muhammadanism""."
software brittleness is the humorous term that describes the increasing difficulty of fixing older software.	software brittleness is the term that describes the increasing difficulty of fixing older software.
the book was published by his family in 1894, following his passing , and in it were many reprinted articles and researches he had written.	the book was published by his family in 1894, following his death , and in it were many reprinted articles and researches he had written.
"barron's claims that ""his picks haven't beaten the market."	"barron's stated that ""his picks haven't beaten the market."
to commemorate his generosity , the university of iowa bestowed his name upon the building.	to commemorate his contribution , the university of iowa bestowed his name upon the building.
marius moga is a grammy-nominated romanian producer, composer, and singer, known in europe.	marius moga is a romanian producer, composer, and singer, known in europe.
"dan berger, in his book about the weatherman, outlaws in america, comments that the group ""purposefully and successfully avoided injuring anyone... its war against property by definition means that the wuo was not a terrorist organization."""	"dan berger, in his book about the weatherman, outlaws in america, asserts that the group ""purposefully and successfully avoided injuring anyone... its war against property by definition means that the wuo was not a terrorist organization."""
"this coinage is affectionately known as the ""godless"" coinage, because the abbreviation ""dei gra"", (for ""dei gratia"" or ""king by the grace of god""), was omitted from king george v's titles."	"this coinage is known as the ""godless"" coinage, because the abbreviation ""dei gra"", (for ""dei gratia"" or ""king by the grace of god""), was omitted from king george v's titles."
the offspring is a very popular american band from orange county, california that originally formed in 1984. the band now consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist dexter holland, lead guitarist kevin wasserman (known as noodles), bassist greg kriesel (known as greg k), and atom willard on drums.	the offspring is a popular american band from orange county, california that originally formed in 1984. the band now consists of vocalist and rhythm guitarist dexter holland, lead guitarist kevin wasserman (known as noodles), bassist greg kriesel (known as greg k), and atom willard on drums.
on an ordinary day, the police might not have taken his report seriously, but this time was sent out heavy forces, accompanied by a secret police officer.	on an ordinary day, the police might not have taken his report seriously, but this time was sent out heavy forces, accompanied by a plain clothes police officer.
from 2000 onwards, lyons faced false accusations of making frivolous and excessive expense claims from msf, which the guardian estimated to amount to one fifth of his salary.	from 2000 onwards, lyons faced accusations of making frivolous and excessive expense claims from msf, which the guardian estimated to amount to one fifth of his salary.
h.d.h gunatitanand swami (devnagari: ) (october 17, 1785- october 11, 1867) was a saint of the swaminarayan sampraday.	gunatitanand swami (devnagari: ) (october 17, 1785- october 11, 1867) was a saint of the swaminarayan sampraday.
he was involved in numerous other murders including the kilfall ambush.	he was involved in numerous other engagements including the kilfall ambush.
she performed this feat when she was just twelve years old.	she performed this feat when she was twelve years old.
"murray is best described as a choking defensive counter-puncher, with professional tennis coach paul annacone citing that murray ""may be the best counterpuncher on tour today."""	"murray is best described as a defensive counter-puncher, with professional tennis coach paul annacone citing that murray ""may be the best counterpuncher on tour today."""
lindsey or linnuis (old english ) was a petty anglo-saxon kingdom, absorbed into northumbria in the 7th century.	lindsey or linnuis (old english ) was a lesser anglo-saxon kingdom, absorbed into northumbria in the 7th century.
in 1953, she married actor robert gist, and they divorced in 1958. in the years since her death, rumors about moorehead's being a lesbian have been widespread (most notoriously in the discredited book hollywood lesbians); however, moorehead biographer charles transberg (i love the illusion: the life and career of agnes moorehead, 2005) interviewed several of the actress' closest friends, including some who were openly gay, who all stated the rumor is untrue.	in 1953, she married actor robert gist, and they divorced in 1958. in the years since her death, rumors about moorehead's being a lesbian have been widespread (most notoriously in the book hollywood lesbians); however, moorehead biographer charles transberg (i love the illusion: the life and career of agnes moorehead, 2005) interviewed several of the actress' closest friends, including some who were openly gay, who all stated the rumor is untrue.
marie wilson, actress and comedienne , wife of robert fallon	marie wilson, actress and comedian , wife of robert fallon
as a result sessions recused himself from any investigations into russian interference in the 2016 united states elections, while prominent lawmakers have called for his resignation.	as a result sessions recused himself from any investigations into russian interference in the 2016 united states elections, while some democratic lawmakers have called for his resignation.
"nicknamed ""the welsh windbag"" by private eye magazine, an image repeated on spitting image, and ""kinocchio"" by the conservatives, he had the thankless task of leading the labour party during a protracted period out of government."	"nicknamed ""the welsh windbag"" by private eye magazine, an image repeated on spitting image, and ""kinocchio"" by the conservatives, he had the task of leading the labour party during a protracted period out of government."
foxe was, after all, describing the burning of human beings for the crime of holding heretical religious opinions.	foxe was, after all, describing the burning of human beings for the crime of holding unfashionable religious opinions.
gnunet currently runs on gnu/ linux, bsd, mac os x, solaris and windows.	gnunet currently runs on linux, bsd, mac os x, solaris and windows.
"300 bc, also known as euclid of alexandria, ""the father of geometry"" was a greek mathematician of the hellenistic period who almost certainly flourished in alexandria during the reign of ptolemy i (323 bc–283 bc)."	"300 bc, also known as euclid of alexandria, ""the father of geometry"" was a mathematician of the hellenistic period who almost certainly flourished in alexandria during the reign of ptolemy i (323 bc–283 bc)."
its popularity has grown since the 1990s, attracting attention from watchdog organizations that oppose racism and antisemitism.	its prominence has grown since the 1990s, attracting attention from watchdog organizations that oppose racism and antisemitism.
orlando's son jon orlando is a successful public relations executive in los angeles, california.	orlando's son jon orlando is a public relations executive in los angeles, california.
"he was active in the social campaigns and agitations launched by periyar for support of extremist ""tamil nationalism"", and was incarcerated forty times for his activities."	"he was active in the social campaigns and agitations launched by periyar for support of ""tamil nationalism"", and was incarcerated forty times for his activities."
john archibald wheeler (july 9, 1911 – april 13, 2008) was an eminent american theoretical physicist.	john archibald wheeler (july 9, 1911 – april 13, 2008) was an american theoretical physicist.
tucker gained international attention because she would be the first woman to be executed in texas since the civil war and the first in the united states since 1984. italian president oscar luigi scalfaro noted in a public speech that spectators outside a texas prison had cheered when tucker was executed.	tucker gained international attention because she would be the first woman to be executed in texas since the civil war and the first in the united states since 1984. italian president oscar luigi scalfaro noted in a public speech that capital punishment supporters outside a texas prison had cheered when tucker was executed.
his name was later changed to premanand, due to his extreme love he showed, lord swaminarayan praised premanand swami as an idol of love.	his name was later changed to premanand, due to his extreme love he showed, swaminarayan praised premanand swami as an idol of love.
the disjunction sceptics perceive between the biography of shakespeare of stratford and the content of shakespeare's works has raised doubts about whether the author and the stratford businessman are the same person.	the disjunction sceptics perceive between the biography of shakespeare of stratford and the content of shakespeare's works has raised doubts about whether the author and the stratford shakespeare are the same person.
klik was a system for using portable software on gnu/ linux without needing superuser permissions to install the application.	klik was a system for using portable software on linux without needing superuser permissions to install the application.
family pictures and video of the subject are shown frequently and repeatedly, and friends and family of the subject or a spokesman for them frequently invited as guests and asked their opinions of the investigation and any evidence or suspects.	family pictures and video of the subject are shown frequently and repeatedly, and friends and family of the subject or a spokesperson for them frequently invited as guests and asked their opinions of the investigation and any evidence or suspects.
"direct coaching of ""guards"""	"coaching of ""guards"""
it takes its name from holm, an obsolete name for holly.	it takes its name from holm, an ancient name for holly.
modern h0 trains run on realistic-looking two-rail track, which is powered by direct current (varying the voltage applied to the rails to change the speed, and polarity to change direction), or by digital command control (sending digital commands to a decoder in each locomotive).	modern h0 trains run on two-rail track, which is powered by direct current (varying the voltage applied to the rails to change the speed, and polarity to change direction), or by digital command control (sending digital commands to a decoder in each locomotive).
"in 1980 he backed the bloody coup (sometimes referred to as the ""cocaine coup"") that brought to power the infamous general luis garca meza."	"in 1980 he backed the bloody coup (sometimes referred to as the ""cocaine coup"") that brought to power the general luis garca meza."
"on november 28, 2017, wintrich was arrested after an altercation in which he grabbed a woman who had removed papers off of the speaker's lectern he was using during a talk he was giving at the university of connecticut entitled ""it's ok to be white""."	"on november 28, 2017, wintrich was arrested after an altercation in which he grabbed a woman who had snatched papers off of the speaker's lectern he was using during a talk he was giving at the university of connecticut entitled ""it's ok to be white""."
redirect neutral second	redirect neutral interval
reviews for the film have been overwhelmingly negative.	reviews for the film have been mostly negative.
he is reviled in chinese culture for taking advantage of both the qing imperial court and the republicans.	he is known in chinese culture for taking advantage of both the qing imperial court and the republicans.
"since 1947, estonian migr organisations in australia run an annual youth summer camp called ""srve"", named after srve peninsula."	"since 1947, estonian expatriate organisations in australia run an annual youth summer camp called ""srve"", named after srve peninsula."
in such a car- obsessed culture as california, nomenclature referring to california's extensive network of freeways takes on a special prominence.	in such a car- centered culture as california, nomenclature referring to california's extensive network of freeways takes on a special prominence.
he worked with the exceptional new york trainer ray arcel.	he worked with the famous new york trainer ray arcel.
"during the interim between the capture of the citadel and end of the ""battle of hu"", the occupying forces allegedly killed over 3,000 hu civilians."	"during the interim between the capture of the citadel and end of the ""battle of hu"", the occupying forces killed over 3,000 hu civilians."
calvin revealed the murderous intentions of his offended heart when he stated of servetus, when writing to his friend william farel on 13 february 1546:	calvin revealed the intentions of his offended heart when he stated of servetus, when writing to his friend william farel on 13 february 1546:
"however, schrder himself did express a sound self-estimate at the end of his chancellorship, when he was asked about it by the host of a talk show he participated in (""jbk"")."	"however, schrder himself did express a self-estimate at the end of his chancellorship, when he was asked about it by the host of a talk show he participated in (""jbk"")."
he notably played captain john harriman of the uss enterprise-b in star trek: generations, a role which he will be reprising along with generations costar walter koenig and other trek alums in the upcoming fan film of gods and men .	he played captain john harriman of the uss enterprise-b in star trek: generations, a role which he will be reprising along with generations costar walter koenig and other trek alums in the upcoming fan film of gods and men .
in 1686, 40 years after mogila's death, the ottomans, acting on the behalf of the regent of russia sophia alekseyevna, pressured the patriarch of constantinople into transferring the orthodox church of kiev and all rus' from the jurisdiction of constantinople to the patriarch of moscow, established a century prior to that.	in 1686, 40 years after mogila's death, the ottomans, acting on the behalf of the regent of muscovy sophia alekseyevna, pressured the patriarch of constantinople into transferring the orthodox church of kiev and all rus' from the jurisdiction of constantinople to the patriarch of moscow, established a century prior to that.
students for a democratic society (sds) was a student activist movement in the united states that was one of the main iconic representations of the country's new left.	students for a democratic society (sds) was a student activist movement in the united states that was one of the main representations of the country's new left.
"in the spring of 2005, a sweet demo of an unreleased song entitled ""red flag"" began circulating across the internet."	"in the spring of 2005, a demo of an unreleased song entitled ""red flag"" began circulating across the internet."
the number of sons of magbish in the census of the men of israel upon return from exile ( holy bible, ezra 2:30)	the number of sons of magbish in the census of the men of israel upon return from exile (bible, ezra 2:30)
famous tests with multiple choice sections	notable tests with multiple choice sections
the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was an uncovered conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president of the united states franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.	the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was an alleged conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president of the united states franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.
the success of ultima online (uo) opened the door for the creation of many exciting new massively multiplayer games that have or are about to hit the market.	the success of ultima online (uo) opened the door for the creation of many new massively multiplayer games that have or are about to hit the market.
fritchie, the subject of john greenleaf whittiers poem, patriotically defied stonewall jackson and his confederate army as they marched past her frederick home on september 10, 1862. the poem was very popular in the north but unfortunately she would never know the notoriety she had achieved, because she had died a year earlier at the age of 96.	fritchie, the subject of john greenleaf whittiers poem, patriotically defied stonewall jackson and his confederate army as they marched past her frederick home on september 10, 1862. the poem was very popular in the north but she would never know the notoriety she had achieved, because she had died a year earlier at the age of 96.
however, pakistan has no individuals with as much as a billion us dollars, according to forbes magazine, and has the dubious distinction of being the most populous nation to have no billionaires.	however, pakistan has no individuals with as much as a billion us dollars, according to forbes magazine, and has the distinction of being the most populous nation to have no billionaires.
the avengers pursue them, but wanda subdues the heroes with haunting visions, causing the hulk to rampage until stark stops him with his anti-hulk armor.	the avengers pursue them, but wanda subdues the avengers with haunting visions, causing the hulk to rampage until stark stops him with his anti-hulk armor.
and has been honored in philadelphia business journals top 100 consecutively since 2007 .	and has been listed in philadelphia business journals top 100 consecutively since 2007 .
pierre-andr taguieff's denounciation of antisemitism and the instrumentalisation of anti- sionism by specific and ultra-minority groups have been somewhat controversial, his opponents claiming that he was identifying anti-sionism and antisemitism.	pierre-andr taguieff's denounciation of antisemitism and the instrumentalisation of anti- zionism by specific and ultra-minority groups have been somewhat controversial, his opponents claiming that he was identifying anti-sionism and antisemitism.
: vladimirsko-suzdalskaya rus), was a major principality which succeeded kievan rus as the most powerful rus' state in the late 12th century and lasted until the late 14th century.	: vladimirsko-suzdalskaya rus), was a principality which succeeded kievan rus as the most powerful rus' state in the late 12th century and lasted until the late 14th century.
"other notable work includes the dc comics' miniseries nathaniel dusk (1984) and nathaniel dusk ii (19851986), both with colan; and, for new media publishing's fantasy illustrated (1982), ""the hounds of hell theory"", starring the husband-and-wife detective team alexander and penelope risk, with artist tom sutton."	"other work includes the dc comics' miniseries nathaniel dusk (1984) and nathaniel dusk ii (19851986), both with colan; and, for new media publishing's fantasy illustrated (1982), ""the hounds of hell theory"", starring the husband-and-wife detective team alexander and penelope risk, with artist tom sutton."
this version of the holy bible is significant because, for the very first time, a mechanically printed, mass-produced bible was made available directly to the general public which came with a variety of scriptural study guides and aids (collectively called an apparatus), which included verse citations that allow the reader to cross-reference one verse with numerous relevant verses in the rest of the bible, introductions to each book of the bible that acted to summarize all of the material that each book would cover, maps, tables, woodcut illustrations, indices, as well as other included features all of which would eventually lead to the reputation of the geneva bible as history's very first study bible.	this version of the bible is significant because, for the very first time, a mechanically printed, mass-produced bible was made available directly to the general public which came with a variety of scriptural study guides and aids (collectively called an apparatus), which included verse citations that allow the reader to cross-reference one verse with numerous relevant verses in the rest of the bible, introductions to each book of the bible that acted to summarize all of the material that each book would cover, maps, tables, woodcut illustrations, indices, as well as other included features all of which would eventually lead to the reputation of the geneva bible as history's very first study bible.
at first, kubrick and clarke privately referred to their project as how the solar system was won as a homage to mgm's 1962 cinerama epic, how the west was won.	at first, kubrick and clarke privately referred to their project as how the solar system was won as a reference to mgm's 1962 cinerama epic, how the west was won.
"benjamin gitlow, an early secretary of the organization who later broke with communism, declared in his rather sensational 1940 memoir that ""the lovestonites did not attain a membership in excess of three hundred and fifty throughout my connection with the group."""	"benjamin gitlow, an early secretary of the organization who later broke with communism, declared in his rather 1940 memoir that ""the lovestonites did not attain a membership in excess of three hundred and fifty throughout my connection with the group."""
population aging poses an economic burden on societies, as the number of elderly retirees rises in relation to the number of young workers.	population aging poses an economic cost on societies, as the number of elderly retirees rises in relation to the number of young workers.
the primary objectives of this decree were to put the finances of the church in order, to create a central fund for its activities, and to set forth requirements for the appointment of clergywhich had been embarrassingly lax until then.	the primary objectives of this decree were to put the finances of the church in order, to create a central fund for its activities, and to set forth requirements for the appointment of clergywhich had been fairly lax until then.
after howard was traded to the lakers he did not retain ed's services and his percentage dropped to below 50% unfortunately .	after howard was traded to the lakers he did not retain ed's services and his percentage dropped to below 50%.
"the period has had diverse political ramifications: its ""anti-ideological ideas"" appear to have been positively associated with the feminist movement, racial equality movements, gay rights movements, most forms of late 20th century anarchism and even the peace movement as well as various hybrids of these in the current anti-globalization movement."	"the period has had diverse political ramifications: its ""anti-ideological ideas"" appear to have been associated with the feminist movement, racial equality movements, gay rights movements, most forms of late 20th century anarchism and even the peace movement as well as various hybrids of these in the current anti-globalization movement."
at age 12 he was sent to a quaker boarding school, bootham in york, where he received an excellent education in science, which stimulated an active interest in natural history.	at age 12 he was sent to a quaker boarding school, bootham in york, where he received an education in science, which stimulated an active interest in natural history.
this salutory example served as a reminder for the rest of the greek city states, and so severe was the lesson that never again was there to be a major problem with any city that was in the league of corinth.	this example served as a reminder for the rest of the greek city states, and so severe was the lesson that never again was there to be a major problem with any city that was in the league of corinth.
the killings sparked a flurry of legal and legislative actions that were precursors to the violent crime control and law enforcement act that took effect in 1994.	the killings sparked a number of legal and legislative actions that were precursors to the violent crime control and law enforcement act that took effect in 1994.
socialism is the failed ideology with the core belief that society should exist in which popular collectives control the means of power, and therefore the means of production.	socialism is the ideology with the core belief that society should exist in which popular collectives control the means of power, and therefore the means of production.
he started his graphic design education at the warsaw academy of arts which he attended for 5 years, during the period 1976-1981. he studied under several great design lecturers including maciej urbaniec who lectured in poster design and teresa pgowska who lectured in painting.	he started his graphic design education at the warsaw academy of arts which he attended for 5 years, during the period 1976-1981. he studied under several design lecturers including maciej urbaniec who lectured in poster design and teresa pgowska who lectured in painting.
"this polish astronomer gained the reputation of ""the founder of lunar topography""."	"this astronomer gained the reputation of ""the founder of lunar topography""."
dana elaine owens (born march 18, 1970), professionally known by her stage name queen latifah, is an american singer, songwriter, rapper, actress, model, television producer, record producer, comedienne , and talk show host.	dana elaine owens (born march 18, 1970), professionally known by her stage name queen latifah, is an american singer, songwriter, rapper, actress, model, television producer, record producer, comedian , and talk show host.
currently ranked second by fifa, brazil is generally considered to be the strongest football nation in the world and is the only team to have played in every world cup.	currently ranked number one by fifa, brazil is generally considered to be the strongest football nation in the world and is the only team to have played in every world cup.
together, the legislation grants preferential treatment to jews with the aim of facilitating their return to what the state of israel views as the jews' ancestral homeland.	together, the legislation grants preferential treatment to jews with the aim of facilitating their immigration to what the state of israel views as the jews' ancestral homeland.
unfortunately the proposed polar 8 class was abandoned during the late 1980s as part of general government budget cuts; in their place a program of vessel modernizations was instituted.	however the proposed polar 8 class was abandoned during the late 1980s as part of general government budget cuts; in their place a program of vessel modernizations was instituted.
despite an announcement that the government would continue to consider her male officially, she insisted that she would work as a woman.	despite an announcement that the government would continue to consider her male officially, she stated that she would work as a woman.
despite the rise of all new technologies, the development of the home video market and a surge of online piracy , 2007 was a record year in film that showed the highest ever box-office grosses.	despite the rise of all new technologies, the development of the home video market and a surge of online copyright infringement , 2007 was a record year in film that showed the highest ever box-office grosses.
in 2000 she was announced to play the lead in thoroughly modern millie but was replaced by sutton foster.	in 2000 she was announced to play the lead in thoroughly modern millie but left the show, being replaced by sutton foster.
this is an understanding of what god is and what our relationship to god is.	this is an understanding of what god is and what humanity's relationship to god is.
neutralizing body against dkk-1 reversed dht effects on outer root sheath keratinocytes.	neutralizing antibody against dkk-1 reversed dht effects on outer root sheath keratinocytes.
"in 2003, the filmmaker carlos atanes started ""perdurabo"", a feature-length movie based on his life, now unfortunately shelved while atanes focuses on other projects ."	"in 2003, the filmmaker carlos atanes started ""perdurabo"", a feature-length movie based on his life, now shelved while atanes focuses on other projects ."
he shared his name with his maternal grandfather, the notorious king leopold ii of belgium, and a number of other coburger relatives.	he shared his name with his maternal grandfather, the king leopold ii of belgium, and a number of other coburger relatives.
her funeral was held at christ chuch in nashville, tennessee on may 19, 2008. those participating in the service included legendary country singer, barbara mandrell, and bishop david huskins.	her funeral was held at christ chuch in nashville, tennessee on may 19, 2008. those participating in the service included country singer, barbara mandrell, and bishop david huskins.
he also dismissed the scientific consensus on global warming by arguing that there was a consensus about putrefaction causing scurvy, which was later acknowledged to be wrong.	he also questioned the scientific consensus on global warming by arguing that there was a consensus about putrefaction causing scurvy, which was later acknowledged to be wrong.
in the 1990s though, there has been a decline in the number of bungalows for the more favorable 2-storey or dormer bungalows.	in the 1990s though, there has been a decline in the number of bungalows for the more favored 2-storey or dormer bungalows.
it had a membership of 16,300 on 27 november 2009.	it reported a membership of 16,300 on 27 november 2009.
overly negative reviews were blamed for lack of interest, and the film was pulled from theatres shortly after its theatrical distribution.	negative reviews were blamed for lack of interest, and the film was pulled from theatres shortly after its theatrical distribution.
6 - 12 december 1975 - balcombe street siege - the balcombe street siege occurred with pira members were attempting to flee from the police, and took a couple hostage in their home .	6 - 12 december 1975 - balcombe street siege - the balcombe street siege occurred with pira members were attempting to flee from the police, and were forced into taking a couple hostage in their home .
he is best known for his portrayals of lincoln burrows in fox's prison break and mick rory / heat wave in cw's the flash and legends of tomorrow.	he is known for his portrayals of lincoln burrows in fox's prison break and mick rory / heat wave in cw's the flash and legends of tomorrow.
interesting facts and individuals from shelbyville	facts and individuals from shelbyville
marlins are also larger and stronger than most of the winchester line, allowing them to take advantage of revolutionary new magnum-level versions of such cartridges as the .45-70. marlin's model 1894 lever-action rifles and carbines are available in handgun calibers, including .357 magnum, .44 magnum, and .41 magnum, making them ideal companion long guns for revolvers in those calibers.	marlins are also larger and stronger than most of the winchester line, allowing them to take advantage of revolutionary new magnum-level versions of such cartridges as the .45-70. marlin's model 1894 lever-action rifles and carbines are available in handgun calibers, including .357 magnum, .44 magnum, and .41 magnum, making them suitable companion long guns for revolvers in those calibers.
karl marx scathingly replied to slanderous attacks by karl vogt in his book herr vogt (1860).	karl marx scathingly replied to attacks by karl vogt in his book herr vogt (1860).
chinese muslim marriages resemble typical chinese marriages except traditional chinese supterstitious rituals are not used.	chinese muslim marriages resemble typical chinese marriages except traditional chinese religious rituals are not used.
they meet each other again when serge is age 10, and the sexual relationship continues.	they meet each other again when serge is age 10, and the sexual abuse continues.
davis was a good student who got good grades and was considered popular among his peers.	davis was a student who got good grades and was considered popular among his peers.
liberty counsel couches its practice as a first amendment practice, focused on religious liberties, freedom of speech, church/state issues in public schools and in the public square.	liberty counsel describes its practice as a first amendment practice, focused on religious liberties, freedom of speech, church/state issues in public schools and in the public square.
a common reason for this is the fact that most western crpgs focus on combat and statistical character management instead of storytelling and deep character development.	a common reason for this is the fact that most crpgs focus on combat and statistical character management instead of storytelling and deep character development.
on 13 july 2006 hezbollah hit haifa for the first time, targeting a cable car station along with a few other buildings	on 13 july 2006 hezbollah hit haifa for the first time, hitting a cable car station along with a few other buildings
there is interest in the relationship between vitamin d and pain, but the evidence of its relationship to pain other than osteomalacia from controlled trials is unconvincing.	there is interest in the relationship between vitamin d and pain, but the evidence of its relationship to pain other than osteomalacia from controlled trials appears unconvincing.
335 italian terrorists were killed there as revenge after a partisan group had killed 33 german soldiers and an unknown number of civilians.	335 italian partisans were killed there as revenge after a partisan group had killed 33 german soldiers and an unknown number of civilians.
loren pankratz is an american psychologist who has testified across the united states on multiple cases of munchausen syndrome by proxy, often defending mothers falsely accused of harming their children.	loren pankratz is an american psychologist who has testified across the united states on multiple cases of munchausen syndrome by proxy, often defending mothers accused of harming their children.
50p from every 2 ticket (25%) goes to charities and good causes across great britain and globally.	50p from every 2 ticket (25%) goes to charities and causes across great britain and globally.
jhangvi was martyred in a retaliatory bomb attack by shia militants on 23 february 1990. former sipah-e-sahaba member riaz basra named his own neo-wahabi organization, lashkar-e-jhangvi, after the slain cleric.	jhangvi was killed in a retaliatory bomb attack by shia militants on 23 february 1990. former sipah-e-sahaba member riaz basra named his own neo-wahabi organization, lashkar-e-jhangvi, after the slain cleric.
the term is still defined as great britain, ireland, the isle of man and their islands; with some sources also including the channel islands, but misuse of the term is not uncommon - sometimes being used as a synonym for the united kingdom .	the term is defined as great britain, ireland, the isle of man and their islands; with some sources also including the channel islands, but misuse of the term is not uncommon - sometimes being used as a synonym for the united kingdom .
gcl runs under eleven different architectures on gnu/ linux, and under freebsd, solaris, mac os x, and microsoft windows.	gcl runs under eleven different architectures on linux, and under freebsd, solaris, mac os x, and microsoft windows.
he signed a one-year contract with serie a side a.s. livorno calcio in july 2007, as the italians searched for a replacement for ukraine-bound cristiano lucarelli, who signed with shakhtar donetsk, but tristn ultimately failed to impress with the tuscany team, scoring only once during the season, in which livorno eventually dropped to the second level .	he signed a one-year contract with serie a side a.s. livorno calcio in july 2007, as the italians searched for a replacement for ukraine-bound cristiano lucarelli, who signed with shakhtar donetsk, but tristn ultimately failed to impress with the tuscany team, scoring only once during the season, in which livorno eventually dropped to the second division .
the term was easily adopted and widely misused by other publications such as spin, etc.	the term was easily adopted and widely used by other publications such as spin, etc.
imprivata was founded by entrepreneurs who had developed groundbreaking identity management technology while working at polaroid corporations small business incubator.	imprivata was founded by entrepreneurs who had developed identity management technology while working at polaroid corporations small business incubator.
are known for their objective views.	are known for their left-wing views.
although the gibraltar museum is owned and operated by the government, the trust has an important advisory role and assists in expanding the collection.	although the gibraltar museum is owned and operated by the government, the trust has an advisory role and assists in expanding the collection.
many of the experiments contained in the book are now considered highly dangerous for unsupervised children, and would not appear in a modern children's chemistry book.	many of the experiments contained in the book are now considered dangerous for unsupervised children, and would not appear in a modern children's chemistry book.
for more information see the main chairman of the african union article.	for more information see the main chairperson of the african union article.
this resulted in eliminating, germanizing, or simplifying a number of old prussian names, as well as those polish or lithuanian names originating from refugees to prussia during and after the protestant reformation.	this resulted in eliminating, germanizing, or simplifying a number of old prussian names, as well as those polish or lithuanian names originating from colonists to prussia during and after the protestant reformation.
high-bandwidth digital content protection (hdcp; commonly, though incorrectly, referred to as high-definition copy(right) protection) is a form of digital copy protection and digital restrictions management developed by intel corporation to prevent copying of digital audio and video content as it travels across connections.	high-bandwidth digital content protection (hdcp; commonly, though incorrectly, referred to as high-definition copy(right) protection) is a form of digital copy protection and digital rights management developed by intel corporation to prevent copying of digital audio and video content as it travels across connections.
a small set of neutral nouns	a small set of neuter nouns
throughout the history of abortion, induced abortions have always been a source of considerable debate and controversy.	throughout the history of abortion, induced abortions have been a source of considerable debate and controversy.
bsa uses the scout method to teach values such as self-esteem, citizenship, and outdoorsmanship through a variety of outdoor activities such as camping, aquatics, and hiking.	bsa claims to use the scout method to teach values such as self-esteem, citizenship, and outdoorsmanship through a variety of outdoor activities such as camping, aquatics, and hiking.
the privatisation of london bus services was the regressive process of the transfer of operation of london buses from public bodies to private companies.	the privatisation of london bus services was the process of the transfer of operation of london buses from public bodies to private companies.
cameron has strangely been criticised for being frequently photographed in the newspapers with ivan and his other children for publicity purposes.	cameron has been criticised for being frequently photographed in the newspapers with ivan and his other children for publicity purposes.
on october 9, 2007, kent won a baby seat in the provincial election.	on october 9, 2007, kent won a seat in the provincial election.
well-written book on the many writers (including tennyson) who settled around haslemere after the coming of the railway in 1859.	book on the many writers (including tennyson) who settled around haslemere after the coming of the railway in 1859.
the grand duchy of luxembourg , historically spelled luxemburg, is a small landlocked country in western europe, bordered by belgium, france, and germany.	the grand duchy of luxembourg , also spelled luxemburg, is a small landlocked country in western europe, bordered by belgium, france, and germany.
although test scores are improving, they are improving equally for all races, which means that minority students are still behind whites .	although test scores are improving, they are improving equally for all races, which means that minority students are still behind.
in march 2014, following the takeover of the territory by pro-russian separatists and russian armed forces, a controversial referendum was held on the issue of reunification with russia which official results showed had popular support by a large majority.	in march 2014, following the takeover of the territory by pro-russian separatists and russian armed forces, a controversial referendum was held on the issue of reunification with russia which official results showed popular support by a large majority.
by the end of 2003, the romanian wikipedia had already exceeded 3000 articles, ranking 16th among all wikipedias.	by the end of 2003, the romanian wikipedia had exceeded 3000 articles, ranking 16th among all wikipedias.
following a classic derby clash on 4 may 2013, 6 forest fans were arrested after leicester won the game and a play-off place in the 91st minute of play.	following a derby clash on 4 may 2013, 6 forest fans were arrested after leicester won the game and a play-off place in the 91st minute of play.
isaias became a part of the struggle in 1966, when he abandoned his engineering studies in addis ababa and left for kassala, sudan, joining the eritrean liberation front (elf) in exile.	isaias became a part of the war in 1966, when he abandoned his engineering studies in addis ababa and left for kassala, sudan, joining the eritrean liberation front (elf) in exile.
at the beginning of the movie there is a scene where pitt's terrorist character looks at the ny skyline including the twin towers and says 'fantastic'.	at the beginning of the movie there is a scene where pitt's ira character looks at the ny skyline including the twin towers and says 'fantastic'.
fortunately , in the mid-twentieth century a combination of cultural, linguistic, and artistic revival along with intense scholarly scrutiny and the continuing fascination and support of an educated and empathetic public led to a renewal and extension of this moribund artistic tradition.	however , in the mid-twentieth century a combination of cultural, linguistic, and artistic revival along with intense scholarly scrutiny and the continuing fascination and support of an educated and empathetic public led to a renewal and extension of this moribund artistic tradition.
it is a relatively modern structure, having been rebuilt in 1986; in its final years, the old weymouth station was clearly far too big for the modest traffic it was handling.	it is a relatively modern structure, having been rebuilt in 1986; in its final years, the old weymouth station was far too big for the modest traffic it was handling.
shortly thereafter, parsons died tragically in a car accident.	shortly thereafter, parsons died in a car accident.
in the early 1980s, the north korean economy started to show classic symptoms of a malfunctioning planned economy; shortages or inefficiency were seen everywhere.	in the early 1980s, the north korean economy started to show symptoms of a malfunctioning planned economy; shortages or inefficiency were seen everywhere.
they blew a 20 lead to england, and ended up losing 23. they bounced back in their match with italy, however, winning by a score of 41. it was their first win against the italians in 21 years.	they gave up a 20 lead to england, and ended up losing 23. they bounced back in their match with italy, however, winning by a score of 41. it was their first win against the italians in 21 years.
after winning a number of east cork divisional championship titles, castlemartyr qualified for the county decider in 2014. in spite of registering fourteen wides castlemartyr defeated ballinhassig by 0-18 to 0-10, giving lawton a coveted championship medal.	after winning a number of east cork divisional championship titles, castlemartyr qualified for the county decider in 2014. in spite of registering fourteen wides castlemartyr defeated ballinhassig by 0-18 to 0-10, giving lawton a cork junior hurling championship medal.
later his stature as a foremost authority on the quran, islamic jurispudence and religious thought continues to profoundly influence islamic history.	later his stature as a foremost authority on the quran, islamic jurispudence and religious thought continues to influence islamic history.
the individual issuing the arrest warrant need not be a judge or an attorney, but she must be both capable of determining whether probable cause exists as well as be a neutral and detached official.	the individual issuing the arrest warrant need not be a judge or an attorney, but must be both capable of determining whether probable cause exists as well as be a neutral and detached official.
"ginzburg explained that baruch goldstein had acted in accordance with five central jewish teachings, namely ""sanctification of god's name"", ""saving life"" (referring to a supposedly planned arab pogrom ), ""revenge"", ""eradication of the seed of amalek"" and ""war""."	"ginzburg claimed that baruch goldstein had acted in accordance with five central jewish teachings, namely ""sanctification of god's name"", ""saving life"" (referring to a supposedly planned arab pogrom ), ""revenge"", ""eradication of the seed of amalek"" and ""war""."
his next film is planned to be anonymous, a film that makes the case for edward de vere, 17th earl of oxford as the real author of the plays and sonnets of william shakespeare.	his next film is planned to be anonymous, a film that makes the case for edward de vere, 17th earl of oxford as the real author of the plays and sonnets usually attributed to william shakespeare.
marilyn carroll, controversial u of m faculty	marilyn carroll, u of m faculty
the beautiful oakmont verona cemetery is located on pennsylvania avenue in oakmont.	the oakmont verona cemetery is located on pennsylvania avenue in oakmont.
i'm personally against seeing my pictures and statues in the streets - but it's what the people want, niyazov inaccurately said.	i'm personally against seeing my pictures and statues in the streets - but it's what the people want, niyazov has said.
physical cosmology, as a branch of astronomy, is the study of the large-scale structure of the universe and is concerned with fundamental questions about its formation and evolution .	physical cosmology, as a branch of astronomy, is the study of the large-scale structure of the universe and is concerned with fundamental questions about its formation and development .
aleksei valerievich shaposhnikov (; born 16 june 1973 moscow sssr) - russian politician and statesman , chairman of the moscow city duma.	aleksei valerievich shaposhnikov (; born 16 june 1973 moscow sssr) - russian politician and politician , chairman of the moscow city duma.
in terms of influences the music owes as much to early rephlex and underground resistance releases, as they do to the sound of crunk stars like lil jon or young buck.	in terms of influences the music owes as much to early rephlex and underground resistance releases, as they do to the sound of crunk artists like lil jon or young buck.
"on march 26, 2010, fishpork .com announced mangum would play ""a short acoustic set"" on may 6, 2010 for a chris knox benefit show at le poisson rouge in nyc."	"on march 26, 2010, pitchfork .com announced mangum would play ""a short acoustic set"" on may 6, 2010 for a chris knox benefit show at le poisson rouge in nyc."
herman melville, originally from new york city, bought the house now known as arrowhead in pittsfield, massachusetts, and there wrote his greatest novel moby-dick.	herman melville, originally from new york city, bought the house now known as arrowhead in pittsfield, massachusetts, and there wrote his novel moby-dick.
its body is globular, pink, fluffy, cuddly, and accented with stubby appendages, a tiny tuft of a single curl of hair , and enormous beautiful blue eyes.	its body is globular, pink, fluffy, cuddly, and accented with stubby appendages, a tiny tuft of a single curl of hair, and enormous blue eyes.
after the hungarian parliamentary election, 2018 toroczkai would ran in the jobbik leadership election against leftist candidate tams sneider.	after the hungarian parliamentary election, 2018 toroczkai would ran in the jobbik leadership election against the other candidate tams sneider.
only by the night experienced remarkable commercial success, peaking inside the top 10 of over 10 different countries.	only by the night experienced commercial success, peaking inside the top 10 of over 10 different countries.
"on 2 may 2012, in regards to the falkland islands dispute, on the 30th anniversary of the controversial sinking of the argentine ship general belgrano, argentina released an advertising film depicting the captain of argentina's hockey team, fernando zylberberg, training in stanley, falkland islands, under the slogan ""to compete on british soil, we train on argentine soil."""	"on 2 may 2012, in regards to the falkland islands dispute, on the 30th anniversary of the sinking of the argentine ship general belgrano, argentina released an advertising film depicting the captain of argentina's hockey team, fernando zylberberg, training in stanley, falkland islands, under the slogan ""to compete on british soil, we train on argentine soil."""
ross university boasts a 91% first time pass rate on the united states medical licensing examination .	ross university has a 91% first time pass rate on the united states medical licensing examination .
the excellent arcade ports of classics like altered beast, golden axe and ghouls 'n ghosts, available in stores at launch, provided a strong image of the console's power when compared to other home conversions of these games.	the arcade ports of classics like altered beast, golden axe and ghouls 'n ghosts, available in stores at launch, provided a strong image of the console's power when compared to other home conversions of these games.
(for explanation see created kinds)	(for a creationist treatment see created kinds)
"his eldest son, dr. nick begich, is the co-author of ""angels don't play this haarp"" (isbn 978-0964881204) and hosts a weekend radio show and sells online so-called ceramic cell-phone protectors."	"his eldest son, dr. nick begich, is the co-author of ""angels don't play this haarp"" (isbn 978-0964881204) and hosts a weekend radio show and sells online ceramic cell-phone protectors."
life & death of ofra haza 2002 aired on the israeli channel 2, 29 january 2002. this documentary in hebrew focuses on haza's entire life and career until her sad death.	life & death of ofra haza 2002 aired on the israeli channel 2, 29 january 2002. this documentary in hebrew focuses on haza's entire life and career until her death.
that approach is obviously problematic: the law of compensation is wider than contract, encompassing compensation claims arising out of tortious conduct.	that approach is problematic: the law of compensation is wider than contract, encompassing compensation claims arising out of tortious conduct.
upon returning to italy, toscanini self-effacingly returned to his chair in the cello section, and participated as cellist in the world premiere of verdi's otello (la scala, 1887) under the composer's supervision.	upon returning to italy, toscanini returned to his chair in the cello section, and participated as cellist in the world premiere of verdi's otello (la scala, 1887) under the composer's supervision.
the british press has cited migrationwatch as an independent thinktank in promoting a sensible stance to the current very liberal immigration policy of great britain.	the british press has cited migrationwatch as an independent thinktank in promoting a sensible stance to the current liberal immigration policy of great britain.
other teachers involved in the film, who have spoken of their strong belief in the law of attraction include esther hicks	other people involved in the film, who have spoken of their strong belief in the law of attraction include esther hicks
the ostensible purpose of operation enduring freedom was to target osama bin laden, the architect behind the planning and funding the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and his terrorist network al-qaida, as well as the taliban government in afghanistan which provided support to al-qaida and gave them safe haven.	the purpose of operation enduring freedom was to target osama bin laden, the architect behind the planning and funding the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and his terrorist network al-qaida, as well as the taliban government in afghanistan which provided support to al-qaida and gave them safe haven.
our lady of fatima is the title given to the blessed virgin mary when she appeared to three shepherd children at ftima, portugal on the 13th day of six consecutive months in 1917, starting on 13 may, the fatima holiday.	our lady of fatima is the title given to the blessed virgin mary by those who believe that she appeared to three shepherd children at ftima, portugal on the 13th day of six consecutive months in 1917, starting on 13 may, the fatima holiday.
he joined the british merchant marine in 1878, and was granted british nationality in 1886. though he did not speak english fluently until his twenties, he was a master prose stylist who brought a non-english sensibility into english literature.	he joined the british merchant marine in 1878, and was granted british nationality in 1886. though he did not speak english fluently until his twenties, he came to be regarded as a master prose stylist who brought a non-english sensibility into english literature.
in some cultures, for example, it symbolizes hope, while in others, it is associated with death, sickness, or even the devil.	in some cultures, for example, it symbolizes hope, while in others, it is associated with death, sickness, or the devil.
powell clayton (august 7, 1833 august 25, 1914) was an engineer, a union army general in the american civil war, the first carpetbag governor of the state of arkansas, and ambassador to mexico during the administrations of william mckinley and theodore roosevelt.	powell clayton (august 7, 1833 august 25, 1914) was an engineer, a union army general in the american civil war, the first reconstruction governor of the state of arkansas, and ambassador to mexico during the administrations of william mckinley and theodore roosevelt.
features/rites /baptismdead.shtml baptism for the dead the bbc's religion and ethics report	ritesrituals /baptismdead.shtml baptism for the dead the bbc's religion and ethics report
zolpidem is not to be taken with alcohol .	zolpidem is not to be taken with alcoholic beverage s .
"her first role was in spike lee's overlooked film, girl 6. she said of this role, ""i was auditioning for guiding light and i was happy i got a spike lee movie, which was a tiny part, but all of a sudden i had spike lee on my resume."	"her first role was in spike lee's 1996 film, girl 6. she said of this role, ""i was auditioning for guiding light and i was happy i got a spike lee movie, which was a tiny part, but all of a sudden i had spike lee on my resume."
leyla gencer , or aye leyla eyrekgil (october 10, 1928may 10, 2008) was a world-renowned turkish operatic soprano.	leyla gencer , or aye leyla eyrekgil (october 10, 1928may 10, 2008) was a turkish operatic soprano.
his supporters often perceive him as offering a mordant critique of many left-liberal pieties while his detractors, such as ideologue edward said and poet derek walcott accuse him of being a neo-colonial apologist.	his supporters often perceive him as offering a mordant critique of many left-liberal pieties while his detractors, such as cultural critic edward said and poet derek walcott accuse him of being a neo-colonial apologist.
the influx of illegal migrants from greece through macedonia and serbia to croatia and then to current schengen member states like slovenia, austria and hungary, as part of the 2015 european migrant crisis, has led some to question whether there will be the political consensus necessary for further enlargement of the schengen area in this atmosphere.	the influx of migrants from greece through macedonia and serbia to croatia and then to current schengen member states like slovenia, austria and hungary, as part of the 2015 european migrant crisis, has led some to question whether there will be the political consensus necessary for further enlargement of the schengen area in this atmosphere.
"the new slogan, featured in early 2011, is ""so good it's ridqulous,"" with dairy queen's current logo cleverly infused in the word 'ridiculous'."	"the new slogan, featured in early 2011, is ""so good it's ridqulous,"" with dairy queen's current logo infused in the word 'ridiculous'."
his elegant, watchful batting style produced some fine innings for a west indian team very much in its formative years in the seventies.	his elegant, watchful batting style produced some substantial innings for a west indian team very much in its formative years in the seventies.
image:m96_helmet_denmark_005.jpg|spectra helmet used by the military of denmark currently occupying iraq	image:m96_helmet_denmark_005.jpg|spectra helmet used by the military of denmark currently stationned in iraq
unfortunately despite a turn in form, and a large turnover of players towards the end of the season, waddock was unable to prevent the chairboys' relegation to the basement tier of english football.	despite a turn in form, and a large turnover of players towards the end of the season, waddock was unable to prevent the chairboys' relegation to the basement tier of english football.
in 1966 the brabin report was issued and shortly afterwards the home secretary roy jenkins awarded timothy evans a long-overdue posthumous pardon.	in 1966 the brabin report was issued and shortly afterwards the home secretary roy jenkins awarded timothy evans a posthumous pardon.
her private life has been well publicised, especially her experiences with clinical depression and addictions.	her private life has been well publicised, especially her experiences with depression and addictions.
examples range from trivial code snippets to the highly complex expressions for which perl is notorious .	examples range from trivial code snippets to the highly complex expressions for which perl is widely known .
to accompany this feature set, third parties have developed a large variety of modeling software, some specialized for pov-ray, others supporting import and export of its data structures, including the free and open source 3d creation suite wiki .blender.org/index.php/extensions:2.6/py/scripts/render/pov-ray blender.	to accompany this feature set, third parties have developed a large variety of modeling software, some specialized for pov-ray, others supporting import and export of its data structures, including the free and open source 3d creation suite en .blender.org/index.php/extensions:2.6/py/scripts/render/pov-ray blender.
"the anschluss also known as the anschluss sterreichs (german word meaning ""connection"", or ""political union"") was the 1938 annexation of austria into ""greater germany"" under the nazi regime."	"the anschluss also known as the anschluss sterreichs (german word meaning ""connection"", or ""political union"") was the 1938 incorporation of austria into ""greater germany"" under the nazi regime."
it is often labelled a conservative organization.	it is often described as a conservative organization.
touriya haoud (born in rhenen, utrecht, the netherlands on october 1, 1977) is a dutch actress, supermodel and singer of macedonian, moroccan heritage.	touriya haoud (born in rhenen, utrecht, the netherlands on october 1, 1977) is a dutch actress, model and singer of macedonian, moroccan heritage.
the cima festival is a prestigious gathering of classical music lovers in monte argentario.	the cima festival is a gathering of classical music lovers in monte argentario.
the war began when iraq invaded iran on 22 september 1980 following a long history of border disputes, demands for the overthrow of saddam hussein's regime, and allegedly a secret encouragement by the us administration (president jimmy carter, conveyed through saudi arabia) which was embroiled in a dispute with the new islamic republic of iran.	the war began when iraq invaded iran on 22 september 1980 following a long history of border disputes, demands for the overthrow of saddam hussein's regime, and a secret encouragement by the us administration (president jimmy carter, conveyed through saudi arabia) which was embroiled in a dispute with the new islamic republic of iran.
"after repeated attacks by german submarines on u.s. ships, roosevelt announced on 11 september 1941 that the he had ordered the u.s. navy to attack german and italian war vessels in the ""waters which we deem necessary for our defense""."	"after repeated attacks by german submarines on u.s. ships, roosevelt announced on 11 september 1941 that he had ordered the u.s. navy to attack german and italian war vessels in the ""waters which we deem necessary for our defense""."
unfortunately a standard for the latter was never established so every eda software had its own file format which caused problems for the manufacturers.	a standard for the latter was never established so every eda software had its own file format which caused problems for the manufacturers.
"epicurus in the ancient world, and jeremy bentham in the modern, laid stress upon the role of pleasure in directing human life, the latter stating: ""nature has placed mankind under the governance of two sovereign masters, pain and pleasure""."	"epicurus in the ancient world, and jeremy bentham in the modern, laid stress upon the role of pleasure in directing human life, the latter stating: ""nature has placed humankind under the governance of two sovereign masters, pain and pleasure""."
some individualist anarchists have continued to espouse the labor theory of value, finding profit to be unnatural and exploitative.	individualist anarchists have continued to espouse the labor theory of value, finding profit to be unnatural and exploitative.
hurricane dennis was an early-forming major hurricane in the caribbean and gulf of mexico during the horrific 2005 atlantic hurricane season.	hurricane dennis was an early-forming major hurricane in the caribbean and gulf of mexico during the very active 2005 atlantic hurricane season.
barack obama religion conspiracy theories  allegations that he secretly follows a non-christian religion, or that he is the antichrist  have been suggested ever since barack obama began his campaign to become president of the united states in 2007. as with the barack obama citizenship conspiracy theories, these false claims are promoted by various fringe theorists and political opponents.	barack obama religion conspiracy theories  allegations that he secretly follows a non-christian religion, or that he is the antichrist  have been suggested ever since barack obama began his campaign to become president of the united states in 2007. as with the barack obama citizenship conspiracy theories, these unproven claims are promoted by various fringe theorists and political opponents.
however, it is said to be an intellectual war zone due to divisions over things such as the definition of knowledge, which is still dominated by western thinking.	however, it is said to be an intellectual war zone due to divisions over topics such as the definition of knowledge, which is still dominated by western thinking.
he was born as plain leon dudley, but identified with his parsi heritage (referring to the parsi community and not the zoroastrian religion,) emphatically not with his british birth.	he was born as leon dudley, but identified with his parsi heritage (referring to the parsi community and not the zoroastrian religion,) emphatically not with his british birth.
though not a cohesive cultural movement with manifestos and leaders, some hippies expressed their desire for change with communal or nomadic lifestyles, by renouncing corporate influence, consumerism and the vietnam war, by embracing aspects of non- traditional religious cultures (including much eastern philosophy), and with criticism of western middle class values.	though not a cohesive cultural movement with manifestos and leaders, some hippies expressed their desire for change with communal or nomadic lifestyles, by renouncing corporate influence, consumerism and the vietnam war, by embracing aspects of non- judeo-christian religious cultures (including much eastern philosophy), and with criticism of western middle class values.
he delivered the prestigious white house lecture in february 2007. before the lecture, he and his wife spent forty minutes alone with president bush in the oval office.	he delivered the white house lecture in february 2007. before the lecture, he and his wife spent forty minutes alone with president bush in the oval office.
"jimmy donal ""jimbo"" wales (born 1966 in huntsville, alabama) is co- founder, board member and the chairman emeritus of the board of trustees of the wikimedia foundation,"	"jimmy donal ""jimbo"" wales (born 1966 in huntsville, alabama) is founder, board member and the chairman emeritus of the board of trustees of the wikimedia foundation,"
in a scathing critique of the american legal profession, attorney and writer cameron stracher described a variety of unpleasant tactics common in the united states, and concluded:	in a critique of the american legal profession, attorney and writer cameron stracher described a variety of unpleasant tactics common in the united states, and concluded:
dorothy bishop is an american variety entertainer, singer and comedienne from new york city who is best known for her musical parodies of sarah palin.	dorothy bishop is an american variety entertainer, singer and comedian from new york city who is best known for her musical parodies of sarah palin.
frank's blunt stance on outing gay republicans has become well publicized.	frank's stance on outing gay republicans has become well publicized.
"journalist, blogger and racist steve sailer argues that white privilege may be real, but that ""it was earned for whites by the hard work and self-discipline of white ancestors and relatives ... if, say, a white person inherits a valuable house in a nice, crime-free white neighborhood, it was earned for them by the law-abidingness of other whites"""	"journalist, blogger and race realist steve sailer argues that white privilege may be real, but that ""it was earned for whites by the hard work and self-discipline of white ancestors and relatives ... if, say, a white person inherits a valuable house in a nice, crime-free white neighborhood, it was earned for them by the law-abidingness of other whites"""
a financial debacle loomed, until encyclopdia britannica altered the marketing strategy and sold the set (as hutchins had feared) through experienced door-to-door encyclopedia salespeople .	a financial debacle loomed, until encyclopdia britannica altered the marketing strategy and sold the set (as hutchins had feared) through experienced door-to-door encyclopedia salesmen .
no major corporate media outlets in the us covered the event live.	no major media outlets in the us covered the event live.
one of the notable groups was the 1st sotnia under the command of ataman nikolay pusko which completely destroyed a ukrainian una-unso mercenary group and then went on to be the first to enter sukhumi in 1993. since then a detachment of kuban cossacks continue to inhabit abkhazia, and their presence continues to influence the georgian-russian relations.	one of the notable groups was the 1st sotnia under the command of ataman nikolay pusko which completely destroyed a ukrainian una-unso volunteer group and then went on to be the first to enter sukhumi in 1993. since then a detachment of kuban cossacks continue to inhabit abkhazia, and their presence continues to influence the georgian-russian relations.
1799 - napoleon bonaparte leads the coup d'tat of 18 brumaire ending the unwieldy directory government, and becoming one of its three consuls (consulate government).	1799 - napoleon bonaparte leads the coup d'tat of 18 brumaire ending the directory government, and becoming one of its three consuls (consulate government).
in 2008, when david marzouk and albert gamill along with abraham cohen, the president of the karaite council, and rabbi moshe dabbah, member of the karaite committee, requested and urged gently the hebrew university to digitize the codex, on behalf of the karaite jewish council of sages in israel, the hebrew university's reply was regrettably unfavorable.	in 2008, when david marzouk and albert gamill along with abraham cohen, the president of the karaite council, and rabbi moshe dabbah, member of the karaite committee, requested and urged gently the hebrew university to digitize the codex, on behalf of the karaite jewish council of sages in israel, the hebrew university's reply was unfavorable.
the group has a heated confrontation about each member's level of responsibility, ending with shya callously calling out every one of them for who they really are.	the group has a heated confrontation about each member's level of responsibility, ending with shya calling out every one of them for who they really are.
"william james ""bill"" o'reilly, jr. (born september 10 1949) is a right-wing american commentator, editor, author, syndicated columnist, and a journalist."	"william james ""bill"" o'reilly, jr. (born september 10 1949) is a american commentator, editor, author, syndicated columnist, and a journalist."
rusich battalion - a russian neo-nazi terrorist group operating during the donbas war.	rusich battalion - a russian neo-nazi armed group operating during the donbas war.
he was undeservingly inducted into the iihf hall of fame in 2003.	he was inducted into the iihf hall of fame in 2003.
during the soviet era, the ukrainian language had a wide official support, being used in education, print, radio and television programs throughout the ukrainian ssr.	during the soviet era, the ukrainian language had a wide official support, being used in education, print, radio and television programs in the ukrainian ssr.
shannon must find ways to balance her professional life of protecting witnesses with her dysfunctional family life.	shannon must find ways to balance her professional life of protecting witnesses with her problematic family life.
other important cities in the province are gaia, matosinhos, maia, povoa de varzim, and the historically important penafiel, amarante, feira, vila do conde.	other important cities in the province are gaia, matosinhos, maia, pvoa de varzim, and the historically important penafiel, amarante, feira, vila do conde.
grace jones (born may 19, 1948) is a jamaicanamerican singer, supermodel and actress.	grace jones (born may 19, 1948) is a jamaicanamerican singer, model and actress.
"on the far right wing of the republican party, some of goldwater's political positions included anti-communism, an emphasis on ""total victory"" in war and opposition to high taxes and government spending."	"on the right wing of the republican party, some of goldwater's political positions included anti-communism, an emphasis on ""total victory"" in war and opposition to high taxes and government spending."
one of several examples of how alabama extension has used emerging communication media to reach far-flung audiences: extension home demonstration agent thalia bell operates a radio at the sandy creek-east view club, tallapoosa county, feb. 4, 1926.using new technology to enhance the scope and impact of its programming has been a hallmark of cooperative extension work nationwide.	one of several examples of how alabama extension has used emerging communication media to reach far-flung audiences: extension home demonstration agent thalia bell operates a radio at the sandy creek-east view club, tallapoosa county, feb. 4, 1926.using new technology to enhance the scope and impact of its programming has been a focus of cooperative extension work nationwide.
the manifesto mentions the columbine killers eric harris and dylan klebold with respect and denigrates notorious teachers john mark karr and debra lafave.	the manifesto mentions the columbine killers eric harris and dylan klebold with respect and denigrates former teachers john mark karr and debra lafave.
windermere is a well-to-do residential neighborhood in seattle, washington, named after windermere in england's lake district.	windermere is a residential neighborhood in seattle, washington, named after windermere in england's lake district.
as a canadian citizen and fearing he would be barred from re-entering the u.s., he reluctantly complied.	as a canadian citizen and fearing he would be barred from re-entering the u.s., he complied.
unfortunately , antrim were later trounced by limerick in the all-ireland semi-final.	however , antrim were later trounced by limerick in the all-ireland semi-final.
the start of 2007 saw the situation in afghanistan worsening slightly .	the start of 2007 saw the situation in afghanistan worsening.
a high point for many students at greater lowell tech is the project adventure course.	a unique and adventurous point for many students at greater lowell tech is the project adventure course.
the omrlp are distingushed by having a rather bizarre manifesto, which contains things that seem to be too impossible or too absurd to implement.	the omrlp are distingushed by having a deliberately bizarre manifesto, which contains things that seem to be too impossible or too absurd to implement.
a wide variety of interesting crayon boxes have been produced over the years	a wide variety of crayon boxes have been produced over the years
"the history of mormon polygamy begins with claims that mormonism founder joseph smith received a revelation from god on july 17, 1831 that some mormon men would be allowed to practice ""plural marriage""."	"the history of mormon polygamy begins with claims that mormonism founder joseph smith received a revelation from god on july 17, 1831 that some mormon men would be asked to practice ""plural marriage""."
visitors can experience real snow, a sub- zero climate and a three-storey high snow slope.	visitors can experience real snow, a sub- freezing climate and a three-storey high snow slope.
on april 10, 1948, one day after the deir yassin massacre, albert einstein wrote a critical letter to the american friends of fighters for the freedom of israel (the u.s chapter of the stern gang) refusing to assist them with aid or support to raise money for their terrorist cause in palestine.	on april 10, 1948, one day after the deir yassin massacre, albert einstein wrote a critical letter to the american friends of fighters for the freedom of israel (the u.s chapter of the stern gang) refusing to assist them with aid or support to raise money for their cause in palestine.
on may 23rd, sinnott tragically drowned in an accident off the tenerife coast.	on may 23rd, sinnott drowned in an accident off the tenerife coast.
in his book homosexuality: a freedom too far (isbn 0964664259), socarides explained that he and other psychoanalysts provided evidence to prevent the deletion of the homosexuality from the dsm-ii, which was ultimately rejected by the board.	in his book homosexuality: a freedom too far (isbn 0964664259), socarides wrote that he and other psychoanalysts provided evidence to prevent the deletion of the homosexuality from the dsm-ii, which was ultimately rejected by the board.
on 22 february, in response to the assassination of gnesis carmona, groups of women demonstrated in defense of her family and in order to protest her killing.	on 22 february, in response to the death of gnesis carmona, groups of women demonstrated in defense of her family and in order to protest her killing.
facebook has roughly 9 million users in russia, while domestic clone vk has around 34 million.	facebook has roughly 9 million users in russia, while domestic analogue vk has around 34 million.
"at the second presidential debate in october 2016, after trump mentioned the incident in a response to james carter, debate moderator anderson cooper asked clinton ""how can you unite a country if you've written off tens of millions of americans?"""	"at the second presidential debate in october 2016, after trump mentioned the speech in a response to james carter, debate moderator anderson cooper asked clinton ""how can you unite a country if you've written off tens of millions of americans?"""
it was, till 2003, affiliated with the historic university of calcutta.	it was, till 2003, affiliated with the university of calcutta.
he was killed in a motorcycle accident on the notorious a628 woodhead pass between manchester and sheffield in derbyshire, england.	he was killed in a motorcycle accident on the a628 woodhead pass between manchester and sheffield in derbyshire, england.
the kingdom of lovely is a largely internet-based micronation which claims the flat of its dictator , comic writer danny wallace as its territory.	the kingdom of lovely is a largely internet-based micronation which claims the flat of its ruler , comic writer danny wallace as its territory.
jehovah's witnesses are members of a cult numbering over six million in 234 lands.	jehovah's witnesses are members of a christian denomination numbering over six million in 234 lands.
neither german dictator adolf hitler nor his high command of the armed forces (oberkommando der wehrmacht, or okw) believed it possible to carry out a successful amphibious assault on britain until the raf had been neutralised.	neither german leader adolf hitler nor his high command of the armed forces (oberkommando der wehrmacht, or okw) believed it possible to carry out a successful amphibious assault on britain until the raf had been neutralised.
"the am side saw a format shift to adult contemporary and several new personalities, including ""emperor joe"" meyer, bob vernon, chuck collier (who remained with wgar-fm until his passing in september 2011), norm n. nite, and ron parks."	"the am side saw a format shift to adult contemporary and several new personalities, including ""emperor joe"" meyer, bob vernon, chuck collier (who remained with wgar-fm until his death in september 2011), norm n. nite, and ron parks."
while anarchism is primarily viewed as a negative opposition to government , anarchism is also a positive vision of how a stateless and non-authoritarian society would work.	while anarchism is primarily viewed as a negative opposition to hierarchy , anarchism is also a positive vision of how a stateless and non-authoritarian society would work.
ramtha is an entity that jz knight, an american self-claimed spiritual medium, claims to channel.	ramtha is an entity that jz knight, an american purported spiritual medium, claims to channel.
the naqshbandi order is nearly 1,400 years old, and is vibrant today.	the naqshbandi order is nearly 1,400 years old, and is active today.
on 23 december 1926 he was assassinated by a muslim fanatic named abdul rashid, who entered his home at naya bazar, delhi, by posing as a visitor.	on 23 december 1926 he was assassinated by a muslim named abdul rashid, who entered his home at naya bazar, delhi, by posing as a visitor.
irgun's tactics appealed to many jews who believed that any action taken in the cause of the creation of a jewish state was justified, including terrorism .	irgun's tactics appealed to many jews who believed that any action taken in the cause of the creation of a jewish state was justified, including violence .
in a 2004 sketch on the hit fox show mad tv, franklin, played by paul vogt, sends samuel adams, played by josh meyers, to the future in a time machine he made from a roll-top desk.	in a 2004 sketch on the fox show mad tv, franklin, played by paul vogt, sends samuel adams, played by josh meyers, to the future in a time machine he made from a roll-top desk.
operation bluestar (3 6 june 1984) was an indian military operation ordered by indira gandhi, then prime minister of india to remove sikh freedom fighters from the golden temple in amritsar.	operation bluestar (3 6 june 1984) was an indian military operation ordered by indira gandhi, then prime minister of india to remove sikh fighters from the golden temple in amritsar.
"fox news, murdoch, ailes, and other personalities have consistently denied allegations of bias, murdoch saying that fox has ""given room to both sides, whereas only one side had it before."	"fox news, murdoch, ailes, and other personalities have denied allegations of bias, murdoch saying that fox has ""given room to both sides, whereas only one side had it before."
freddy and frank proceed to freak out and attempt to silence the dog by bashing it with a walking crutch (causing the dog to make a hilarious yelping noise).	freddy and frank proceed to freak out and attempt to silence the dog by bashing it with a walking crutch (causing the dog to make a yelping noise).
in greece, the slav macedonians, a tiny minority of less than 2% of the population, seemed relieved to be acknowledged as slavomacedonians.	in greece, the slav macedonians, a minority of less than 2% of the population, seemed relieved to be acknowledged as slavomacedonians.
"nichiren shoshu's recognition of nichiren daishonin as the true buddha is its reason for referring to him as nichiren daishnin (""great sage nichiren"")."	"nichiren shoshu's acceptance of nichiren daishonin as the true buddha is its reason for referring to him as nichiren daishnin (""great sage nichiren"")."
these include the impressive cloister gallery managed by the dorchester museum committee and restoration of medieval and victorian wall paintings.	these include the cloister gallery managed by the dorchester museum committee and restoration of medieval and victorian wall paintings.
strangely , brunei has never had a viceroy, nor did singapore have a british consul at the time (having been a british colony).	in fact , brunei has never had a viceroy, nor did singapore have a british consul at the time (having been a british colony).
from the early 1600s onwards the continent witnessed the first coastal landings and exploration by europeans; however permanent european settlement started only from 1788 with the establishment of the british crown colony of new south wales.	from the early 1600s onwards the continent witnessed the first coastal landings and exploration by europeans; however permanent european settlement started from 1788 with the establishment of the british crown colony of new south wales.
"the world intellectual property day is celebrated each year on april 26 since 2001. this event was set up by the world intellectual property organization (wipo), to ""raise awareness of the role of intellectual property in our daily lives, and to celebrate the contribution made by innovators and artists to the development of societies across the globe"" ."	"the world intellectual property day is observed each year on april 26 since 2001. this event was set up by the world intellectual property organization (wipo), to ""raise awareness of the role of intellectual property in our daily lives, and to celebrate the contribution made by innovators and artists to the development of societies across the globe"" ."
after another round of editing, the best edition of eragon was published in august 2003. at the age of nineteen, he became a new york times bestselling author.	after another round of editing, the second edition of eragon was published in august 2003. at the age of nineteen, he became a new york times bestselling author.
by the 19th century, old scripts like kolezhuthu had been supplanted by arya-eluttuthat is, the current malayalam script.	by the 19th century, old scripts like kolezhuthu had been supplanted by granthathat is, the current malayalam script.
as emmaus high school has grown, it has distinguished itself considerably in academics, the arts, and athletics.	as emmaus high school has grown, it has distinguished itself in academics, the arts, and athletics.
archlord uses a crafting system, which allows players to upgrade items in a very unique way as well as allows players to carve, skin and ransack any defeated monster.	archlord uses a crafting system, which allows players to upgrade items in a unique way as well as allows players to carve, skin and ransack any defeated monster.
the historian eliyahu ashtor claimed in 1976 that agricultural production declined in areas of iraq (mesopotamia) and egypt, on the basis of records of taxes collected on cultivated areas.	the historian eliyahu ashtor wrote in 1976 that agricultural production declined in areas of iraq (mesopotamia) and egypt, on the basis of records of taxes collected on cultivated areas.
in portuguese politics, black is the party color of the leftwing bloc.	in portuguese politics, black is the party color of the left bloc.
her impressive filmography reveals, however, that while she has had the chance to work with a constellation of the best soviet directors, it has usually been for one project only.	her filmography reveals, however, that while she has had the chance to work with a constellation of the best soviet directors, it has usually been for one project only.
other significant religions present in the eu territories are buddhism, hinduism and neopaganism.	other religions present in the eu territories are buddhism, hinduism and neopaganism.
following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.	following is a list of the winners of this title since then.
after this, other ethnic groups started stereotyping kashmiris as a 'cowardly' and 'non-martial' race.	after this, neighboring ethnic groups started stereotyping kashmiris as a 'cowardly' and 'non-martial' race.
the vietnamese assembled a force of 10 divisions along the border with kampuchea, with strong armour and air support they advanced into khmer rouge-held territory on december 25, 1978. the kampuchean national united front for national salvation (knufns), created with assistance from hanoi, also went along with the military adventure .	the vietnamese assembled a force of 10 divisions along the border with kampuchea, with strong armour and air support they advanced into khmer rouge-held territory on december 25, 1978. the kampuchean national united front for national salvation (knufns), created with assistance from hanoi, also went along with the military operation .
the two of them took out an entire stupid lair of verbeeg (the least of the giant species, around a height of ten feet), led by a frost giant named biggrin with only the help of guenhwyvar.	the two of them took out an entire lair of verbeeg (the least of the giant species, around a height of ten feet), led by a frost giant named biggrin with only the help of guenhwyvar.
html about the lunar retroreflector experiment	htm about the lunar retroreflector experiment
john gioia was first elected to the contra costa board of supervisors in 1998 and was overwhelmingly re-elected three times.	john gioia was first elected to the contra costa board of supervisors in 1998 and was re-elected three times.
egla harxhi is a beauty queen who represented albania in miss world 2008 in south africa.	egla harxhi is a beauty pageant contestant who represented albania in miss world 2008 in south africa.
greaves was a prolific goalscorer, and cited his relaxed attitude as the reason for his assured composure and confidence.	greaves was a goalscorer, and cited his relaxed attitude as the reason for his assured composure and confidence.
central station refashioned as a shopping precinct as a tourist town there are many gift shops around the castle, together with stylish shops and restaurants in windsor royal shopping inside windsor & eton central railway station.	central station refashioned as a shopping precinct as a tourist town there are many gift shops around the castle, together with shops and restaurants in windsor royal shopping inside windsor & eton central railway station.
generally, this means without harm to or exploitation of humans, animals or the natural environment.	generally, this means with minimal harm to or exploitation of humans, animals or the natural environment.
romero refused to shave his mustache for the role, resulting in the memorable sight of white makeup smeared over his facial hair.	romero refused to shave his mustache for the role, resulting in the sight of white makeup smeared over his facial hair.
answers in creation an old earth site demonstrating the flaws in young earth creationism	answers in creation an old earth site purporting to demonstrate the flaws in young earth creationism
james hutton's promotion of charles lyell's doctrine of uniformitarianism established the principle that geological changes that occurred in the past are understandable from present-day phenomena.	james hutton's promotion of charles lyell's doctrine of uniformitarianism advocated the principle that geological changes that occurred in the past are understandable from present-day phenomena.
building on rosarivo's work, prominent experts in book design such as jan tschichold and richard hendel, assert as well that the page proportion of the golden section (21:34), has been used in book design, in manuscripts, and incunabula, mostly in those produced between 1550 and 1770. hendel writes that since gutenberg's time, books have been most often printed in an upright position, that comform losely, if not precisely, to the golden ratio .	building on rosarivo's work, contemporary experts in book design such as jan tschichold and richard hendel, assert as well that the page proportion of the golden section (21:34), has been used in book design, in manuscripts, and incunabula, mostly in those produced between 1550 and 1770. hendel writes that since gutenberg's time, books have been most often printed in an upright position, that comform losely, if not precisely, to the golden ratio .
the area beside the river has been attractively landscaped as part of a flood defence scheme.	the area beside the river has been landscaped as part of a flood defence scheme.
the student council consists of 12 dedicated students who act as the bridge between the students and the faculty and administration.	the student council consists of 12 students who act as the bridge between the students and the faculty and administration.
astikas (also spelt as oscik, ostyk or ostik) was his pagan lithuanian name, used by some of his descendants as their family name, while kristinas (christian) was his christian name.	astikas (also spelt as oscik, ostyk or ostik) was his original lithuanian name, used by some of his descendants as their family name, while kristinas (christian) was his christian name.
kuririn succeeds in using the dragonballs to teleport goku off the planet safely, while zarbon is tragically left to die along with namek, which in turn, is destroyed when the titanic battle between cooler and freeza erupts.	kuririn succeeds in using the dragonballs to teleport goku off the planet safely, while zarbon is left to die along with namek, which in turn, is destroyed when the titanic battle between cooler and freeza erupts.
this spectacularly successful, seven-month-long british empire campaign, begun at romani in august, ended at the first battle of gaza in march 1917.	this successful, seven-month-long british empire campaign, begun at romani in august, ended at the first battle of gaza in march 1917.
the holotype specimen, lh 7777, part of the las hoyas collection presently housed at the museo de cuenca, cuenca, spain, of pelecanimimus was recovered at the famous la hoyas locality in cuenca province, spain, from lagersttte beds within the calizas de la hurguina formation dating to the lower barremian.	the holotype specimen, lh 7777, part of the las hoyas collection presently housed at the museo de cuenca, cuenca, spain, of pelecanimimus was recovered at the la hoyas locality in cuenca province, spain, from lagersttte beds within the calizas de la hurguina formation dating to the lower barremian.
the new families were often the first to seek, in typically british fashion, suitable marriage alliances with those old aristocratic new england families that were descended from landowners in england itself to elevate and cement their social standing.	the new families were often the first to seek, in typically british fashion, suitable marriage alliances with those old aristocratic new england families that were descended from landowners in england to elevate and cement their social standing.
at this time there was approx 150,000 enemy troops, with supporting artilly units were preparing to move to the normandy landing areas.	at this time there was approx 150,000 enemy troops, with supporting artillery units were preparing to move to the normandy landing areas.
balad was formed and registered as a political party in 1995, by a group of young israeli arab intellectuals headed by dr. azmi bishara .	balad was formed and registered as a political party in 1995, by a group of young israeli arab professional headed by dr. azmi bishara .
rioting immediately following the massacre caused the deaths of another 26 palestinians and 2 israelis.	rioting immediately following the massacre led to the deaths of another 26 palestinians and 2 israelis.
as a mark of cooper's wonderful progress, he was awarded the 2010 super 14 player of the year award.	as a mark of cooper's progress, he was awarded the 2010 super 14 player of the year award.
two scenes from kamal haasan's indian and rajinikanth's enthiran were imitated in the film.	two scenes from kamal haasan's indian and rajinikanth's enthiran were remade in the film.
dr. theodore john kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), known as the unabomber, is an american terrorist and social critic who carried out a campaign of bombings and mail bombings that killed 3 and wounded 23. he sent bombs to several universities, airlines, and other targets from the late 1970s through the mid-1990s.	dr. theodore john kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), known as the unabomber, is an american convicted killer and social critic who carried out a campaign of bombings and mail bombings that killed 3 and wounded 23. he sent bombs to several universities, airlines, and other targets from the late 1970s through the mid-1990s.
adam duritz, lead singer of the counting crows, also released a haunting cover version of this song.	adam duritz , lead singer of the counting crows , also released a cover version of this song.
his son, eugenio lopez iii became chairman and ceo after his father's passing .	his son, eugenio lopez iii became chairman and ceo after his father's death .
clean water vapor rises from the hyperboloid shaped cooling towers.	water vapor rises from the hyperboloid shaped cooling towers.
"he argued that on an increasing number of ""hot-button"" defining issues—abortion, gun control , separation of church and state, privacy, homosexuality, censorship—there had come to be two definable polarities."	"he argued that on an increasing number of ""hot-button"" defining issues—abortion, gun politics , separation of church and state, privacy, homosexuality, censorship—there had come to be two definable polarities."
together they have a son kingston; and cee-lo is a stepparent to christina's daughters, sierra and kalah.	together they have a son kingston; and cee-lo is a stepfather to christina's daughters, sierra and kalah.
the show taped its final scenes on june 23, 2010, and with a sad dramatic storyline finale, its final episode aired on september 17, 2010. on october 18, 2010, cbs replaced as the world turns with the talk.	the show taped its final scenes on june 23, 2010, and with a dramatic storyline finale, its final episode aired on september 17, 2010. on october 18, 2010, cbs replaced as the world turns with the talk.
a floorball match between powerhouses sweden (yellow) and finland (white)	a floorball match between sweden (yellow) and finland (white)
a supremely talented left handed batsman and holder of the records for the highest scores in test cricket (375 v. england in 1994) and first-class cricket (501 not out for warwickshire against durham in 1994), lara captained the west indies from 1997 to 1999. he was reappointed as captain against the touring australians in 2003, and struck 110 in his first test match back in charge, showing signs of him returning to his best.	a talented left handed batsman and holder of the records for the highest scores in test cricket (375 v. england in 1994) and first-class cricket (501 not out for warwickshire against durham in 1994), lara captained the west indies from 1997 to 1999. he was reappointed as captain against the touring australians in 2003, and struck 110 in his first test match back in charge, showing signs of him returning to his best.
goldwater was an accomplished amateur photographer and in his estate left some 15,000 of his images to three arizona institutions.	goldwater was an amateur photographer and in his estate left some 15,000 of his images to three arizona institutions.
discarded mcdonalds packaging contributes to the urban litter problem in cities worldwide	discarded fast food packaging contributes to the urban litter problem in cities worldwide
"john betjeman immortalised the a30 in his poem ""meditation on the a30""."	"john betjeman referred to the a30 in his poem ""meditation on the a30""."
famous old ashdownians (oas) include:	notable old ashdownians (oas) include:
this allows anorexics to discuss their disorder with other pro-ana friends without fear of discovery by nonsupportive peers or family.	this allows anorexics to discuss their disorder with other pro-ana friends without fear of discovery by peers or family.
michael a. o'connor is the former popular mayor of berwyn, illinois.	michael a. o'connor is the former mayor of berwyn, illinois.
olivenza (spanish) or olivena (portuguese) is a portuguese/spanish town and seat of a municipality, on a disputed section of the border between portugal and spain, which is claimed de jure by both countries and administered de facto as part of the spanish autonomous community of extremadura.	olivenza (spanish) or olivena (portuguese) is a town and seat of a municipality, on a disputed section of the border between portugal and spain, which is claimed de jure by both countries and administered de facto as part of the spanish autonomous community of extremadura.
members of the international solidarity movement reject this claim, and retort that evidence shows it is the idf that uses palestinians as human shields .	members of the international solidarity movement reject this claim, and respond that evidence shows it is the idf that uses palestinians as human shields .
the game became available for download on the european playstation network on july 26, 2007, even before its predecessor was released to the same market.	the game became available for download on the european playstation network on july 26, 2007, before its predecessor was released to the same market.
is a prestigious private secondary school and the only educational institution based in ichibanch.	is a private secondary school and the only educational institution based in ichibanch.
the anabaptists were early promoters of a free church and freedom of religion (sometimes called separation of church and state).	the anabaptists were early promoters of a free church and freedom of religion (sometimes incorrectly associated with separation of church and state).
"the owners of some of the user pictures feel that they should be permitted to keep them because they depict breastfeeding rather than ""explicitly sexual content"", the latter being the verbage used in the terms of service."	"the owners of some of the user pictures feel that they should be permitted to keep them because they depict breastfeeding rather than ""explicitly sexual content"", the latter being the phrase used in the terms of service."
"latter-day saints follow a moral code, called the ""law of chastity,"" which prohibits adultery, all homosexual behavior, and any sexual relations outside of marriage."	"latter-day saints follow a code, called the ""law of chastity,"" which prohibits adultery, all homosexual behavior, and any sexual relations outside of marriage."
emergents express concern for what they consider to be the practical manifestation of god's kingdom on earth, by which they mean social justice.	many in the movement express concern for what they consider to be the practical manifestation of god's kingdom on earth, by which they mean social justice.
turkmenistan has taken a cautious approach to economic reform, hoping to use gas and cotton sales to sustain its inefficient economy.	turkmenistan has taken a cautious approach to economic reform, hoping to use gas and cotton sales to sustain its economy.
in matters relating to culture, the various turkic-speaking minorities of iran (notably the azerbaijani people) and afghanistan (uzbeks and turkmen) are often conversant in iranian languages, in addition to their own turkic languages and also have iranian culture to the extent that the term turko-iranian can be applied.	in matters relating to culture, the various turkic-speaking ethnic groups of iran (notably the azerbaijani people) and afghanistan (uzbeks and turkmen) are often conversant in iranian languages, in addition to their own turkic languages and also have iranian culture to the extent that the term turko-iranian can be applied.
"women in particular are significantly underrepresented as characters in mainstream games, and their portrayals often reflect traditional gender roles, sexual objectification or negative stereotypes, such as that of the ""damsel in distress""."	"women in particular are significantly underrepresented as characters in mainstream games, and their portrayals often reflect traditional gender roles, sexual objectification or recurring stereotypes, such as that of the ""damsel in distress""."
she later became an award-winning animator and pioneering contributor to sports-stadium animations, and pursued a variety of personal interests until her passing .	she later became an award-winning animator and pioneering contributor to sports-stadium animations, and pursued a variety of personal interests until her death .
k. p. nambiathiri is a prolific cinematographer whose work spans across 2 decades in the indian film industry.	k. p. nambiathiri is a cinematographer whose work spans across 2 decades in the indian film industry.
she is an ex-member of now disbanded girl group chakra and is best known for her role in the hit drama my lovely sam soon.	she is an ex-member of now disbanded girl group chakra and is best known for her role in the television drama my lovely sam soon.
these attacks were primarily targeted at basque separatist terrorist group eta and at eta sympathisers.	these attacks were primarily targeted at basque separatist group eta and at eta sympathisers.
montanism was an early christian sectarian movement of the mid-2nd century a.d., named after its founder montanus.	montanism was an early christian movement of the mid-2nd century a.d., named after its founder montanus.
lucovsky worked on the doomed microsoft .net my services product (codenamed hailstorm) prior to moving to google.	lucovsky worked on the microsoft .net my services product (codenamed hailstorm) prior to moving to google.
malaysia states that it will extradite a junior military official at its diplomatic mission in new zealand who returned home after being charged with sexual assault.	malaysia states that it will extradite a junior military official at their diplomatic mission in new zealand who returned home after being charged with sexual assault.
however, wimbledon could not compete in the 198889 european cup winners cup because of the ban on english teams caused by the actions of a small group of liverpool supporters in the 1985 european cup final heysel disaster.	however, wimbledon could not compete in the 198889 european cup winners cup because of the ban on english teams caused by the actions of a group of liverpool supporters in the 1985 european cup final heysel disaster.
maxine peake (born 14 july 1974 in bolton, lancashire) is an english stage, film and television actor best known for playing veronica in channel 4's manchester-based drama series shameless, and twinkle in victoria wood's situation comedy dinnerladies.	maxine peake (born 14 july 1974 in bolton, lancashire) is an english stage, film and television actor known for playing veronica in channel 4's manchester-based drama series shameless, and twinkle in victoria wood's situation comedy dinnerladies.
modern unix derivatives like bsd and gnu/ linux continue the tradition of the multi-user, remote display/input session.	modern unix derivatives like bsd and linux continue the tradition of the multi-user, remote display/input session.
in particular, the percentage of caffeine in instant coffee is less, and undesirable bitter flavor components are more evident.	in particular, the percentage of caffeine in instant coffee is less, and bitter flavor components are more evident.
2009: the ulster banner flying over an ulster loyalist area (foreground), called londonderry by most of its inhabitants, and the irish tricolour flying over an irish nationalist area (background), called derry by its inhabitants	2009: the ulster banner flying over an ulster loyalist area (foreground), called londonderry by most of its inhabitants, and the irish tricolour flying over an irish republican area (background), called derry by its inhabitants
a special armed employee of the express service using the stage for transportation of bullion or cash would sit beside the driver, carrying a short shotgun (or occasionally rifle), to provide an armed response in case of threat to the cargo, which was usually a strongbox.	a special armed employee of the express service using the stage for transportation of bullion or cash would sit beside the driver, carrying a short shotgun (or alternatively a rifle) , to provide an armed response in case of threat to the cargo, which was usually a strongbox.
the council of conservative citizens (abbreviated ccc or cofcc) is an american paleoconservative white separatist political organization that supports european, southern, and caucasian heritage and opposes multiculturalism, an offshoot of the infamous segregationist white citizens council of the 1950s.	the council of conservative citizens (abbreviated ccc or cofcc) is an american paleoconservative white separatist political organization that supports european, southern, and caucasian heritage and opposes multiculturalism, an offshoot of the segregationist white citizens council of the 1950s.
was an american stage, film, and television actress, comedienne , dancer and singer.	was an american stage, film, and television actress, comedian , dancer and singer.
having smoked excessively and probably also suffering from syphilis, her health went into decline.	having smoked heavily and probably also suffering from syphilis, her health went into decline.
as of august 4, 2006, the sale of the freedom tower coins have resumed via low-grade television commercials with the company still shamefully claiming that they are minted with silver from ground zero.	as of august 4, 2006, the sale of the freedom tower coins have resumed via low-grade television commercials with the company still claiming that they are minted with silver from ground zero.
before his career in acting, brimley worked as a ranch hand, wrangler, blacksmith, and even a bodyguard for howard hughes.	before his career in acting, brimley worked as a ranch hand, wrangler, blacksmith, and a bodyguard for howard hughes.
visible noise is a pathetic independent record label from the uk.	visible noise is a independent record label from the uk.
the overexposed close-up of hepburn's faceastaire's character was loosely based on the career of richard avedon, who provided a number of the photographs seen in the film, including its most famous single image: an intentionally overexposed close-up of hepburn's face in which only her famous featuresher eyes, her eyebrows, and her mouthare visible.	the famous close-up of hepburn's faceastaire's character was loosely based on the career of richard avedon, who provided a number of the photographs seen in the film, including its most famous single image: an intentionally overexposed close-up of hepburn's face in which only her famous featuresher eyes, her eyebrows, and her mouthare visible.
"although neopagans often refer to themselves simply as ""pagan"", for purposes of clarity this article will focus on the primitive religion, while neopaganism is discussed in its own article."	"although neopagans often refer to themselves simply as ""pagan"", for purposes of clarity this article will focus on the ancient religion, while neopaganism is discussed in its own article."
it was commissioned by pakistan's former president and prime minister quaid-e-awam , zulfikar ali bhutto (leader of the nation; 1928-1979).	it was commissioned by pakistan's former president and prime minister, zulfikar ali bhutto (leader of the nation; 1928-1979).
"he wrote that respect, which he considers a front organization for the socialist workers party, is equally as contemptible as the british national party, and that it promotes anti-semitism because of the swp's promotion of jewish activist and jazz musician gilad atzmon, who wrote on his personal web site that ""we must begin to take the accusation that the jewish people are trying to control the world very seriously....american jews (in fact zionist) do try to control the world, by proxy."""	"he wrote that respect, which he considers a front organization for the socialist workers party, is equally as contemptible as the british national party, and that it promotes anti-semitism because of the swp's promotion of activist and jazz musician gilad atzmon, who wrote on his personal web site that ""we must begin to take the accusation that the jewish people are trying to control the world very seriously....american jews (in fact zionist) do try to control the world, by proxy."""
these bases would later be used to launch operations against korea, china, vietnam and indonesia.	these bases would later be used to launch operations in korea, china, vietnam and indonesia.
also, on november 24, 1954, during a cross-examination from the pursur's proof, when asked to translate genesis 2:4 from english to hebrew franz admitted that he could not.	also, on november 24, 1954, during a cross-examination from the pursur's proof, when asked to translate genesis 2:4 from english to hebrew franz stated that he could not.
the period coincided with the anniversary of the martyrdom of guru arjan dev, a major religious holiday in sikh calendar.	the period coincided with the anniversary of the killing of guru arjan dev, a major religious holiday in sikh calendar.
unfortunately writers marks and gran announced on twitter on 6th september that the bbc had passed on making a new series.	writers marks and gran announced on twitter on 6th september that the bbc had passed on making a new series.
in 2006, friends of the earth and icta filed a formal petition with the food and drug administration for better monitoring and regulating of cosmetic and toiletry products containing harmful nanoparticles and stated they would sue if the fda does not take adequate action in 180 days.	in 2006, friends of the earth and icta filed a formal petition with the food and drug administration for better monitoring and regulating of cosmetic and toiletry products containing nanoparticles and stated they would sue if the fda does not take adequate action in 180 days.
andr arthur is a controversial radio host and prospective politician from quebec city.	andr arthur is a radio host and prospective politician from quebec city.
"said the ticktockman"" is known for its use of improper grammar, one example of which is a paragraph about jelly beans composed almost entirely of run-on sentences"	"said the ticktockman"" is known for its use of non-standard grammar, one example of which is a paragraph about jelly beans composed almost entirely of run-on sentences"
george huntington hartford ii (april 18, 1911 may 19, 2008) was an american philanthropist, filmmaker, art collector and businessman .	george huntington hartford ii (april 18, 1911 may 19, 2008) was an american philanthropist, filmmaker, art collector and business owner .
finding that the book promoted excessive government control, libertarian robert nozick published anarchy, state, and utopia which advocates for a minimal state and defends the liberty of the individual.	arguing that the book promoted excessive government control, libertarian robert nozick published anarchy, state, and utopia which advocates for a minimal state and defends the liberty of the individual.
the game of life copyrighted by the milton bradley company in 1963 had some interesting differences from later versions.	the game of life copyrighted by the milton bradley company in 1963 had some differences from later versions.
in early organic-chemistry publications, where use of graphics was severely limited, a typographic system arose to describe organic structures in a line of text.	in early organic-chemistry publications, where use of graphics was strongly limited, a typographic system arose to describe organic structures in a line of text.
"it is also home to the legendary esalen institute, a workshop and retreat center devoted to the exploration of what aldous huxley called the ""human potential""."	"it is also home to the esalen institute, a workshop and retreat center devoted to the exploration of what aldous huxley called the ""human potential""."
"the neutrinos travel slower than light, since they have mass, and thus a radio message (though the book uses the dubious notion of ""faster-than-light communication"" involving tachyons) from the satellite will arrive at earth before the neutrinos do."	"the neutrinos travel slower than light, since they have mass, and thus a radio message (though the book uses the notion of ""faster-than-light communication"" involving tachyons) from the satellite will arrive at earth before the neutrinos do."
on 17th july 2007, after playing the copa amrica 2007 during which he unfortunately scored an own goal in the final against brazil, ayala announces he will no longer play for the national side ayala states the own goal was not the reason he left the national side.	on 17th july 2007, after playing the copa amrica 2007 during which he scored an own goal in the final against brazil, ayala announces he will no longer play for the national side ayala states the own goal was not the reason he left the national side.
lucky is the second best single from pop singer britney spears' second album oops!...	lucky is the second single from pop singer britney spears' second album oops!...
unfortunately , weiss did not last even one season, as the sonics struggled to a losing record.	however , weiss did not last even one season, as the sonics struggled to a losing record.
"the middle east through the eyes of the ancient israelitesin the bible, nineveh is first mentioned in : ""ashur left that land, and built nineveh."""	"the middle east through the eyes of the ancient israelites (reconstructed after the documentary hypothesis) in the bible, nineveh is first mentioned in : ""ashur left that land, and built nineveh."""
although many theories have been advanced, jack the ripper's identity has never been proven .	although many theories have been advanced, jack the ripper's identity has never been determined .
she was also a member of the communist party of australia, though she clashed on many occasions with the party's patriarchal leadership.	she was also a member of the communist party of australia, though she clashed on many occasions with the party's leadership.
major protests against sargsyan's regime erupted in 2011, with the president's 2008 rival levon ter-petrossian at their helm.	major protests against sargsyan's regime began in 2011, with the president's 2008 rival levon ter-petrossian at their helm.
however bercow will face two credible candidates in the 2010 election.	however bercow will face credible candidates in the 2010 election .
bradbury thompson (19111995) was an influential american graphic designer and art director of the twentieth century.	bradbury thompson (19111995) was an american graphic designer and art director of the twentieth century.
the niagara falls school board chose to construct a school on site, knowing of the unethical dumping of hazardous waste by hooker chemical (at the time of the dumping it was not illegal to dump the waste in the canal the way they did), and the city of niagara falls permitted the building of homes and rental units on this property.	the niagara falls school board chose to construct a school on site, knowing of the dumping of hazardous waste by hooker chemical (at the time of the dumping it was not illegal to dump the waste in the canal the way they did), and the city of niagara falls permitted the building of homes and rental units on this property.
"despite this, the principle of health care ""free at the point of use"" became a central part of the dogma of the welfare state, which later governments critical of the welfare state were unable to reverse."	"despite this, the principle of health care ""free at the point of use"" became a central part of the idea of the welfare state, which later governments critical of the welfare state were unable to reverse."
is interviewed in a swimming pool beside his mother while clearly extremely intoxicated.	is interviewed in a swimming pool beside his mother while clearly intoxicated.
it was at the university of washington that he met his future wife linda emery, whom he would marry in 1964. lee had two children: a daughter, shannon, and a son, actor brandon lee, who was tragically killed in a film set accident in 1993.	it was at the university of washington that he met his future wife linda emery, whom he would marry in 1964. lee had two children: a daughter, shannon, and a son, actor brandon lee, who was killed in a film set accident in 1993.
both are commonly present on most modern operating systems, including mac os x, most distributions of gnu/ linux, openbsd, freebsd, netbsd, solaris and openvms.	both are commonly present on most modern operating systems, including mac os x, most distributions of linux, openbsd, freebsd, netbsd, solaris and openvms.
parleys, in which the united states and england took part, did not prevent the advance on riga and the liberation of this city on may 22, where baron hans von manteuffel made an entry with a small detachment, and died leading his men.	parleys, in which the united states and england took part, did not prevent the advance on riga and the capture of this city on may 22, where baron hans von manteuffel made an entry with a small detachment, and died leading his men.
melai cantiveros - actress, comedienne	melai cantiveros - actress, comedian
the british government fought directly against the transvaal and the orange free state.	the british fought directly against the transvaal and the orange free state.
tensions with the ottomans remained high, however, in the face of persecutions of anatolian greeks, leading to a crisis and a naval race in summer 1914 that was stopped only by the outbreak of world war i. at the end of the war, greece still had claims to territories inhabited, at the time, by some 3 million macedonians .	tensions with the ottomans remained high, however, in the face of persecutions of anatolian greeks, leading to a crisis and a naval race in summer 1914 that was stopped only by the outbreak of world war i. at the end of the war, greece still had claims to territories inhabited, at the time, by some 3 million greeks .
the film follows four hedonistic college-aged girls on their spring break and their descent into their use of drugs, crimes, and violence.	the film follows four college-aged girls on their spring break and their descent into their use of drugs, crimes, and violence.
in 1956, smathers signed the infamous southern manifesto condemning the supreme court decision to desegregate the public school system.	in 1956, smathers signed the southern manifesto condemning the supreme court decision to desegregate the public school system.
under american pressure, in 2003 the japanese government updated its child pornography laws to match those of the west, however it failed to curtail the industry.	under american pressure, in 2003 the japanese government changed its child pornography laws to match those of the west, however it failed to curtail the industry.
kane is one of many lgbt characters appearing in stories published by dc comics.	kane is one of several lgbt characters appearing in stories published by dc comics.
"mary chapin carpenter recorded a bowdlerized cover of ""passionate kisses"" (from lucinda williams) in 1992, and the song became a smash country hit for which williams received the grammy award for best country song in 1994."	"mary chapin carpenter recorded a cover of ""passionate kisses"" (from lucinda williams) in 1992, and the song became a smash country hit for which williams received the grammy award for best country song in 1994."
button won his first race in 9 months and kubica got another well-deserved podium.	button won his first race in 9 months and kubica got another podium.
a 1932 time magazine article explains that howard scott worked in various construction camps, and in 1918 was working in a cement pouring gang at muscle shoals.	a 1932 time magazine article , written at a time of intense public interest in technocracy, states that howard scott worked in various construction camps, and in 1918 was working in a cement pouring gang at muscle shoals.
in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries it was common for legitimate authors, if they could afford it, to pay the costs of publishing their books.	in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries it was common for authors, if they could afford it, to pay the costs of publishing their books.
maddux's departure is regarded as one of the cubs' franchise's worst moves, on par with the trading of future baseball hall of fame inductee lou brock to the st. louis cardinals for sore-armed pitcher ernie broglio.	maddux's departure is regarded as one of the cubs' franchise's worst moves, on par with the trading of future baseball hall of fame inductee lou brock to the st. louis cardinals for pitcher ernie broglio.
hitchens is known for his iconoclasm, anti-clericalism, atheism, antitheism, anti-fascism and islamophobia .	hitchens is known for his iconoclasm, anti-clericalism, atheism, antitheism, anti-fascism and anti-monarchism .
despite this, some scientists have provocatively proposed that radiation levels of up to 100 msv/year may actually be positive or at least neutral to health and that many humans live in a subclinical deficiency of ionizing radiation; that chronic exposure to (natural) low level radiation protects cells from radiation damage by promoting repair,	despite this, some scientists have proposed that radiation levels of up to 100 msv/year may actually be positive or at least neutral to health and that many humans live in a subclinical deficiency of ionizing radiation; that chronic exposure to (natural) low level radiation protects cells from radiation damage by promoting repair,
the european union referendum act 2015 (c 36) is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom to make provision for the holding of a referendum in the united kingdom and gibraltar no later than 31 december 2017 on whether the united kingdom should remain a member of the european union (eu).	the european union referendum act 2015 (c 36) is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom to make provision for the holding of an advisory referendum in the united kingdom and gibraltar no later than 31 december 2017 on whether the united kingdom should remain a member of the european union (eu).
however, elliott feels that such an approach is still necessary.	however, elliott argues that such an approach is still necessary.
the ridge with its spectacular rock formations rises steeply to .	the ridge with its rock formations rises steeply to .
securom 7.x was the first version to come with securom removal tool, which claims to help users remove it after the software with which it was installed has been removed.	securom 7.x was the first version to come with securom removal tool, which is intended to help users remove it after the software with which it was installed has been removed.
even the standard 1500cc model achieved an amazing 34 mpg city, and 47 mpg highway when driven 55 mph, the maximum u.s. speed limit at the time (california mileage ratings).	even the standard 1500cc model achieved an 34 mpg city, and 47 mpg highway when driven 55 mph, the maximum u.s. speed limit at the time (california mileage ratings).
however, it was dynamited on 15 december 1947, on purported safety concerns.	however, it was dynamited on 15 december 1947, on the rationale of safety concerns.
on august 21, 1898 in a room of the sons of talma dramatic society, with 62 members (mostly portuguese immigrants), the glorious club de regatas vasco da gama (vasco da gama rowing club) was born.	on august 21, 1898 in a room of the sons of talma dramatic society, with 62 members (mostly portuguese immigrants), the club de regatas vasco da gama (vasco da gama rowing club) was born.
"operation frequent wind was generally assessed as an impressive achievementvan tien dung conceded this in his memoirs and the new york times described it as being carried out with ""efficiency and bravery""."	"operation frequent wind was generally assessed as an impressive achievementvan tien dung stated this in his memoirs and the new york times described it as being carried out with ""efficiency and bravery""."
richard a. falk is a controversial american professor emeritus of international law at princeton university, writer (the author or co-author of 20 books), speaker, and activist on world affairs, and an appointee to two united nations positions on the palestinian territories.	richard a. falk is a american professor emeritus of international law at princeton university, writer (the author or co-author of 20 books), speaker, and activist on world affairs, and an appointee to two united nations positions on the palestinian territories.
... that ludwig gies designed the famous eagle (pictured) found hung at the front of the plenary hall of the modern reichstag building in berlin?	... that ludwig gies designed the eagle (pictured) found hung at the front of the plenary hall of the modern reichstag building in berlin?
in november 2017, cbs fired rose and pbs cancelled his program after eight women accused him of sexual harassment.	in november 2017, cbs terminated rose and pbs cancelled his program after eight women accused him of sexual harassment.
"harrison dubbed the guitar ""lucy"", after redhead comedienne lucille ball."	"harrison dubbed the guitar ""lucy"", after redhead comedian lucille ball."
a mother of a martyred ltte cadre raises the tamil eelam flag on maaveerar naal 2002 in germany	a mother of a dead ltte cadre raises the tamil eelam flag on maaveerar naal 2002 in germany
after concluding her successful singing career, hansen turned to writing and production.	after concluding her singing career, hansen turned to writing and production.
jim urlacher served as the trustee from ward 2 until his passing on may 16, 2009.	jim urlacher served as the trustee from ward 2 until his death on may 16, 2009.
the war restored the sovreignty of portugal's ruling dynasty, the house of braganza, by deposing a tyrant king, philip iv of spain, and acclaiming another one, joo iv of portugal, who was more legitimate and suitable to the portuguese.	the war restored the sovreignty of portugal's ruling dynasty, the house of braganza, by deposing a foreign king, philip iv of spain, and acclaiming another one, joo iv of portugal, who was more legitimate and suitable to the portuguese.
in an interview with playboy magazine in may 1971, wayne made infamous remarks.	in an interview with playboy magazine in may 1971, wayne made several controversial remarks.
his mother had three sisters, all of whom lost their husbands in the watershed year of 1916. one of his aunts was hanna sheehy-skeffington, wife of slain pacifist francis sheehy-skeffington.	his mother had three sisters, all of whom lost their husbands in the watershed year of 1916. one of his aunts was hanna sheehy-skeffington, wife of executed pacifist francis sheehy-skeffington.
lee speaks (in order of fluency) taiwanese dialect , japanese, mandarin chinese, and english (decreasing fluency since finishing his phd thesis at cornell).	lee speaks (in order of fluency) taiwanese, japanese, mandarin chinese, and english (decreasing fluency since finishing his phd thesis at cornell).
"the name is derived from the treatise written by the arabic mathematician, astronomer, astrologer and geographer, titled (in arabic ) al-kitab al-jabr wa-l-muqabala (meaning ""the compendious book on calculation by completion and balancing""), which provided symbolic operations for the systematic solution of linear and quadratic equations."	"the name is derived from the treatise written by the persian mathematician, astronomer, astrologer and geographer, titled (in arabic ) al-kitab al-jabr wa-l-muqabala (meaning ""the compendious book on calculation by completion and balancing""), which provided symbolic operations for the systematic solution of linear and quadratic equations."
altogether, it received only 1050 votes (0.05% of the total proportion of votes cast).	altogether, it received 1050 votes (0.05% of the total proportion of votes cast).
academically, the university is among the united states' worstest .	academically, the university is among the united states' best .
this modern approach also harks back to the ancient 'doctrine of signatures,' which hahnemann definitely rejected as uncertain guesswork.	this modern approach also harks back to the ancient 'doctrine of signatures,' which hahnemann rejected as uncertain guesswork.
"as is common practice among adult film actresses , the name ""asia carrera"" is a pseudonym."	"as is common practice among adult film stars , the name ""asia carrera"" is a pseudonym."
"cornuke's explorations have included searching for ""the real mount sinai"" in egypt and saudi arabia; exploring in turkey, with the late jim irwin, for the remains of noahs ark; tracing ancient assyrian and babylonian flood accounts in the zagros mountains of iran; following the presumed trail of the ark of the covenant through israel, egypt, and the ethiopian highlands; and searching the seafloor off the coast of malta for the anchors from the apostle pauls ship wreck (as related in the biblical book of acts, chapter 27), which he has found."	"cornuke's explorations have included searching for ""the real mount sinai"" in egypt and saudi arabia; exploring in turkey, with the late jim irwin, for the remains of noahs ark; tracing ancient assyrian and babylonian flood accounts in the zagros mountains of iran; following the presumed trail of the ark of the covenant through israel, egypt, and the ethiopian highlands; and searching the seafloor off the coast of malta for the anchors from the apostle pauls ship wreck (as related in the biblical book of acts, chapter 27), which he claims to have found."
"the duo gained international prominence over the course of the 1980s with memorable singles such as ""sweet dreams (are made of this)"" and ""here comes the rain again""."	"the duo gained international prominence over the course of the 1980s with singles such as ""sweet dreams (are made of this)"" and ""here comes the rain again""."
the monstrosity , approximately 100 metres tall, has a peculiar and characteristic mushroom-like shape.	the tower , approximately 100 metres tall, has a peculiar and characteristic mushroom-like shape.
"in september 2008 the venezuelan government summarily expelled from the country human rights watch americas director jose miguel vivanco, over the publication of a report entitled ""a decade under chvez: political intolerance and lost opportunities for advancing human rights in venezuela"", which claimed to expose systematic violations to human, civil and political rights."	"in september 2008 the venezuelan government expelled from the country human rights watch americas director jose miguel vivanco, over the publication of a report entitled ""a decade under chvez: political intolerance and lost opportunities for advancing human rights in venezuela"", which claimed to expose systematic violations to human, civil and political rights."
there is one anglophone public high school located within the city boundaries, victoria high school, founded in 1876, making it the oldest high school in north america north of portland, oregon and west of winnipeg, manitoba.	there is one public high school located within the city boundaries, victoria high school, founded in 1876, making it the oldest high school in north america north of portland, oregon and west of winnipeg, manitoba.
from 1316 january, upset at delays and corruption, heroic muslims in darnah, benghazi, bani walid and other cities in libya broke into and occupied housing that the government was building.	from 1316 january, upset at delays and corruption, muslims in darnah, benghazi, bani walid and other cities in libya broke into and occupied housing that the government was building.
bush was elected 46th governor of texas in 1994, defeating ann richards, and was re-elected in 1998. he won the republican nomination in the 2000 presidential election, and ran against vice president al gore of the democratic party in a particularly close and controversial general election, in which the u.s. supreme court selected him winner on december 18, 2000. in 2001, bush became the fourth president in u.s. history to take office after losing the popular vote.	bush was elected 46th governor of texas in 1994, defeating ann richards, and was re-elected in 1998. he won the republican nomination in the 2000 presidential election, and ran against vice president al gore of the democratic party in a particularly close and controversial general election, in which the u.s. supreme court declared him winner on december 18, 2000. in 2001, bush became the fourth president in u.s. history to take office after losing the popular vote.
the complutense university of madrid (, ucm) is a prestigious spanish university and one of the oldest universities in the world.	the complutense university of madrid (, ucm) is a spanish university and one of the oldest universities in the world.
game 5. repeating the same sharp line which brought victory in game 3, anand side-stepped whatever antidote kramnik had prepared by neatly interposing 15...rg8 before bd6.	game 5. repeating the same sharp line which brought victory in game 3, anand side-stepped whatever antidote kramnik had prepared by interposing 15...rg8 before bd6.
the american concept of leaving the relatively ineffective arvn to cope with this key other war, a task they had often failed at in several years prior to us intervention, played into communist hands.	the american concept of leaving the relatively ineffective arvn to cope with this key other war, a task they had often failed at in several years prior to us intervention, played into the nlf's hands.
liberal film critics panned the documentary.	film critics panned the documentary.
in the wake of the partition, the hudson's bay fur company created fort shepherd, just upstream from the confluence of the pend d'oreille and columbia rivers, which was very near the border, in order to serve their former clients and also maintain a post on british territory adjacent sinixt territory in british columbia remained in the hands of the sinixt.	in the wake of the partition, the hudson's bay company created fort shepherd, just upstream from the confluence of the pend d'oreille and columbia rivers, which was very near the border, in order to serve their former clients and also maintain a post on british territory adjacent sinixt territory in british columbia remained in the hands of the sinixt.
heberer has authored or co-authored 34 books and edited or co-edited 15 volumes in german, english and chinese languages .	heberer has authored or co-authored 34 books and edited or co-edited 15 volumes in german, english and chinese.
in recent years, his partnership with fellow canadian singer-songwriter nasri has functioned as a successful writing & production team for a wide range of artists, including michael bolton, jojo, vanessa hudgens, no angels, marina chello, brandy and the new kids on the block.	in recent years, his partnership with fellow canadian singer-songwriter nasri has functioned as a writing & production team for a wide range of artists, including michael bolton, jojo, vanessa hudgens, no angels, marina chello, brandy and the new kids on the block.
ten days after his birthday, hitler marries his mistress eva braun (juliane khler) and they then commit suicide together on april 30, 1945.	ten days after his birthday, hitler marries his longtime companion eva braun (juliane khler) and they then commit suicide together on april 30, 1945.
since then, paxson has drafted great collegiate players such as kirk hinrich, ben gordon, and luol deng to complement franchise building blocks eddy curry and tyson chandler.	since then, paxson has drafted collegiate players such as kirk hinrich, ben gordon, and luol deng to complement franchise building blocks eddy curry and tyson chandler.
street in ramallah, palestine after idf raid during operation brother's keeper, june 2014	street in ramallah, west bank after idf raid during operation brother's keeper, june 2014
discovered by her pretentious playwright niece, camille, (glenn close) and her eccentrically odd and adorably shy younger sister (played wonderfully by julianne moore) plot to set the suicide up as a murder and ensconce themselves in the family mansion.	discovered by her pretentious playwright niece, camille, (glenn close) and her eccentrically odd and adorably shy younger sister (played by julianne moore) plot to set the suicide up as a murder and ensconce themselves in the family mansion.
croagh is a picturesque small village in county limerick, ireland.	croagh is a small village in county limerick, ireland.
ancient greece and the hellenistic cultures of egypt, mesopotamia and the city of syracuse increased mathematical knowledge immensely .	ancient greece and the hellenistic cultures of egypt, mesopotamia and the city of syracuse increased mathematical knowledge.
israeli cities in this list are the cities in israel, and israeli settlements with city status in the occupied west bank; jerusalem includes occupied east jerusalem.	israeli cities in this list are the cities in israel, and israeli settlements with city status in the occupied west bank; jerusalem includes east jerusalem.
one of greenwald's most notable first amendment clients was neo-nazi matthew hale, who, on april 6, 2005, was sentenced to a 40-year prison term for soliciting an undercover fbi informant to kill federal judge joan lefkow and incarcerated in the united states penitentiary administrative maximum facility (adx) in florence, colorado.	one of greenwald's most notable first amendment clients was matthew hale, who, on april 6, 2005, was sentenced to a 40-year prison term for soliciting an undercover fbi informant to kill federal judge joan lefkow and incarcerated in the united states penitentiary administrative maximum facility (adx) in florence, colorado.
todd was also caricatured in the 2009 movie, the damned united.	todd was also portrayed in the 2009 movie, the damned united.
"the greater toronto hockey league, formerly known as the ""metro toronto hockey league"", is a famous minor level ice hockey organization based out of the toronto region of ontario."	"the greater toronto hockey league, formerly known as the ""metro toronto hockey league"", is a minor level ice hockey organization based out of the toronto region of ontario."
vincent crane - wonderful organist of atomic rooster.	vincent crane - organist of atomic rooster .
"legendary post -hardcore band glassjaw's song ""convectuoso"" refers to caligula in the opening lines: ""i am caligula, glutton of gluttons, man over woman, man of all women, the whore of all man."""	"post -hardcore band glassjaw's song ""convectuoso"" refers to caligula in the opening lines: ""i am caligula, glutton of gluttons, man over woman, man of all women, the whore of all man."""
the statue had to be kept under 24-hour guard for a period of months as it was often vandalised by protesters and iconoclasts.	the statue had to be kept under 24-hour guard for a period of months as it was often damaged by protesters and iconoclasts.
a good train service operated by first capital connect runs to moorgate, kings cross and hertford north.	a train service operated by first capital connect runs to moorgate, kings cross and hertford north.
governor-elect t-800 and governor gray davis with president george w. bush (2003)	governor-elect arnold schwarzenegger and governor gray davis with president george w. bush (2003)
however, in her this series, she has gained fantastic viewing figures for bbc two, ranging from 4.00 to 4.92 million, becoming the top show on bbc two each week..	however, in her this series, she has gained strong viewing figures for bbc two, ranging from 4.00 to 4.92 million, becoming the top show on bbc two each week..
the ira terrorists who carried out the assassinations forced entry into the abbey by bombing the heavy front doors.	the ira members who carried out the assassinations forced entry into the abbey by bombing the heavy front doors.
during the remainder of world war ii, br was credited with 130 other aerial victories, including 16 while flying one of the first jet fighters, the me 262, an achievement which would normally have earned him the coveted knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves, swords and diamonds.	during the remainder of world war ii, br was credited with 130 other aerial victories, including 16 while flying one of the first jet fighters, the me 262, an achievement which would normally have earned him the knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves, swords and diamonds.
sydney won the exciting match 5-3, which included a picturesque beckham goal from a free kick.	sydney won the exciting match 5-3, which included a beckham goal from a free kick.
the us felt that iraq was not cooperating with un inspectors and had not met its obligations to 17 un resolutions.	the us maintained that iraq was not cooperating with un inspectors and had not met its obligations to 17 un resolutions.
on april 6, peru declared casus foederis of defensive alliance treaty	on april 6, peru declared casus foederis of alliance treaty
is not accepted by other prominent researchers in psychometrics who have pointed out the problems with using tests on population groups with a substantively different cultural background from those for whom the test was originally designed.	is not accepted by some prominent researchers in psychometrics who have pointed out the problems with using tests on population groups with a substantively different cultural background from those for whom the test was originally designed.
"mann's recent work has been on modelling el nio, and he has alleged that ""we are already committed to 50 to 100 years of global warming and several centuries of sea level rise"" and that reduction in fossil fuel emissions is required to slow the process down to a level that can be coped with."	"mann's recent work has been on modelling el nio, and he has said that ""we are already committed to 50 to 100 years of global warming and several centuries of sea level rise"" and that reduction in fossil fuel emissions is required to slow the process down to a level that can be coped with."
since 1995, the guild has annually awarded the prestigious screen actors guild awards, which are considered an indicator of success at the academy awards.	since 1995, the guild has annually awarded the screen actors guild awards, which are considered an indicator of success at the academy awards.
nipsters, rather than rejecting modern pop culture, seek instead to hijack it to promote neo-nazi ideals.	nipsters, rather than rejecting modern pop culture, seek instead to appropriate it to promote neo-nazi ideals.
as a consequence of this view, ramakrishna actually spent periods of his life practising the teachings of yogic, tantric, sakta and vaishnava sects within hinduism.	as a consequence of this view, ramakrishna actually spent periods of his life practising the teachings of yogic, tantric, sakta and vaishnava sects of hinduism.
alternatively, derivatives can be used by investors to take a bet and make a profit if the value of the underlying moves the way they expect (e.g.	alternatively, derivatives can be used by investors to take a risk and make a profit if the value of the underlying moves the way they expect (e.g.
opponents of illustrated lolicon pornography note that even fictional material encourages viewing children as sex objects and contributes to actual sexual abuse.	opponents of illustrated lolicon pornography claim that even fictional material encourages viewing children as sex objects and contributes to actual sexual abuse.
"although articulated as a concept at least as early as cicero and elaborated by subsequent thinkers, particularly with the advent of the industrial revolution, the modern use of the term wage slave perhaps originates from the labor protests of the lowell mill girls in 1836. the imagery of wage slavery was widely used by labor organizations during the mid-19th century, but was gradually replaced by the more neutral term ""wage work"" towards the end of the 19th century, at about the same time as the ""rise of big business""."	"although articulated as a concept at least as early as cicero and elaborated by subsequent thinkers, particularly with the advent of the industrial revolution, the modern use of the term wage slave perhaps originates from the labor protests of the lowell mill girls in 1836. the imagery of wage slavery was widely used by labor organizations during the mid-19th century, but was gradually replaced by the more accommodating term ""wage work"" towards the end of the 19th century, at about the same time as the ""rise of big business""."
finally, vmh has established a permanent exhibit that honors local veterans and units and, with the assistance of interns, develops new temporary exhibits that focus on individual veterans and selected items from the collection.	finally, vmh has established a permanent exhibit that recognizes the service of local veterans and units and, with the assistance of interns, develops new temporary exhibits that focus on individual veterans and selected items from the collection.
"{ lat = ""35.881"", long = ""43.387"", mark = "" dot_yellow_ff4 ."	"{ lat = ""35.881"", long = ""43.387"", mark = "" 80x80-yellow-black-anim ."
after 1986, the angels went into a lengthy playoff drought, not returning to the postseason until their memorable 2002 playoff run (though they did come close in 1995).	after 1986, the angels went into a lengthy playoff drought, not returning to the postseason until their 2002 playoff run (though they did come close in 1995).
unfortunately the club lost out to fc viitorul constana, and was relegated for the 2009-10 season to the liga iv.	however, the club lost out to fc viitorul constana, and was relegated for the 2009-10 season to the liga iv.
while it implied that the carpocratians indulged in homosexual relations, that was nothing new.	while it implied that the carpocratians engaged in homosexual relations, that was nothing new.
"many astronomers argue that only objects that orbit stars qualify as planets and thus an ""interstellar planet"" is an oxymoron, instead using the terms ""planetary body"", ""planetary mass object"" or ""planemo""."	"some astronomers argue that only objects that orbit stars qualify as planets and thus an ""interstellar planet"" is an oxymoron, instead using the terms ""planetary body"", ""planetary mass object"" or ""planemo""."
both authors wrote a prekmurian hymnal, which sadly did not survive.	both authors wrote a prekmurian hymnal, which did not survive.
namier held very right-wing views, and has been called the most reactionary british historian of his generation.	namier held markedly right-wing views, and has been called the most reactionary british historian of his generation.
the saxbe fix or rollback is a mechanism by which the united states president, in appointing a current or former member of congress whose elected term has not yet expired, attempts to avoid the restriction of the united states constitution's ineligibility clause.	the saxbe fix or rollback is a mechanism by which the united states president, in appointing a current or former member of congress whose elected term has not yet expired, seeks to avoid the restriction of the united states constitution's ineligibility clause.
dikran tahta - maths teacher who inspired stephen hawking	dikran tahta - maths teacher who taught stephen hawking
"jim sensenbrenner, republican chairman of the house judiciary committee noted ""if someone in katrina is down and out, and has no possibility of being able to repay 40 percent or more of their debts, then the new bankruptcy law doesn't apply."	"jim sensenbrenner, republican chairman of the house judiciary committee claimed: ""if someone in katrina is down and out, and has no possibility of being able to repay 40 percent or more of their debts, then the new bankruptcy law doesn't apply."
"both terms are euphemisms designed to evade the use of the term ""abortion"", such as being ""anti-abortion"" or ""pro-abortion""."	"both terms are euphemisms designed to avoid the use of the term ""abortion"", such as being ""anti-abortion"" or ""pro-abortion""."
national syndicalists imagined that the liberal democratic political system would be destroyed in a massive general strike, at which point the nations economy would be transformed into a corporatist model based on class collaboration (see the nazi model of volksgemeinschaft).	national syndicalists imagined that the liberal democratic political system would be destroyed in a massive general strike, at which point the nations economy would be transformed into a corporatist model based on class cooperation (see the nazi model of volksgemeinschaft).
an air burst 1800 or 2000 feet above the ground had been chosen for the (hiroshima) bomb to achieve maximum blast effects, and to minimize residual radiation on the ground as it was hoped that our troops would soon occupy the city.	an air burst 1800 or 2000 feet above the ground had been chosen for the (hiroshima) bomb to achieve maximum blast effects, and to minimize residual radiation on the ground as it was hoped that american troops would soon occupy the city.
brics is the title of an association of leading emerging economies, arising out of the inclusion of south africa into the bric group in 2010. as of 2012, the group's five members are brazil, russia, india, china and south africa.	brics is the title of an association of emerging economies, arising out of the inclusion of south africa into the bric group in 2010. as of 2012, the group's five members are brazil, russia, india, china and south africa.
some men are attracted to them as a method of being submissive to their partner / key holder, who subsequently controls the man 's sexual life.	some men are attracted to them as a method of being submissive to their partner / key holder, who subsequently controls the wearer 's sexual life.
although the film does not claim to be based on a true story, events that transpire throughout the plot are strikingly similar to one of the most tense periods of the cuban missile crisis, only the roles of the americans and soviets are reversed.	although the film does not claim to be based on a true story, events that transpire throughout the plot are similar to one of the most tense periods of the cuban missile crisis, only the roles of the americans and soviets are reversed.
there had been numerous small circulation magazines on the right before, but the national review gained national attention and shaped the conservative movement, thanks to strong editing and a strong stable of regular contributors.	there had been numerous small circulation magazines on the right before, but the national review gained national attention and shaped the conservative movement, due to strong editing and a strong stable of regular contributors.
as a result of all the accidents, the nikkei 225 stock index plunged more than 1200 points, or 13% in the first few hours of trading, as the government warned of elevated radiation risks.	as a result of all the accidents, the nikkei 225 stock index fell more than 1200 points, or 13% in the first few hours of trading, as the government warned of elevated radiation risks.
it was founded in 1948 as a reaction to independence not being proclaimed after a public election calling for it in 1946.	it was founded in 1948 as a reaction to independence not being proclaimed after a public election on the matter showed a marginal majority for it in 1946.
audiences did not respond favorably to the show, which was cancelled after just five episodes (with one episode remaining unaired).	audiences did not respond favorably to the show, which was cancelled after five episodes (with one episode remaining unaired).
christmas in the trenches is a powerful ballad from john mccutcheon's 1984 album winter solstice.	christmas in the trenches is a ballad from john mccutcheon's 1984 album winter solstice.
including commercialization and transport companies serving the forest industry, povlkshaya an increase in the final cost of forestry products;	including commercialization and transport companies serving the forest industry, which caused an increase in the final cost of forestry products;
this is the first primetime project of comedienne eugene domingo on tv5.	this is the first primetime project of comedian eugene domingo on tv5.
1936 - federico garca lorca , brilliant spanish poet, is shot at the begining of the civil war.	1936 - federico garca lorca , spanish poet, is shot at the begining of the civil war.
this first successful implementation of such scheme was singapore's area licensing scheme in 1975. thanks to technological advances in electronic toll collection, electronic detection, and video surveillance technology, charging congestion prices is relatively less cumbersome than in the past.	this first implementation of such scheme was singapore's area licensing scheme in 1975. thanks to technological advances in electronic toll collection, electronic detection, and video surveillance technology, charging congestion prices is relatively less cumbersome than in the past.
friedman noted that the reserve contracted the monetary supply dramatically, arguing this prolonging the depression, which friedman claims could have been over by 1931.	friedman noted that the reserve contracted the monetary supply dramatically, arguing this prolonging the depression, which friedman suggests could have been over by 1931.
the wss refute the dalai lama's reasons for banning the practice by explaining that dorje shugden is not a spirit but a fully enlightened being and that shugden practitioners respect others' right to practice their tradition and are not sectarian.	the wss disagree with the dalai lama's reasons for banning the practice by explaining that dorje shugden is not a spirit but a fully enlightened being and that shugden practitioners respect others' right to practice their tradition and are not sectarian.
poland is a democratic communist republic.	poland is a democratic republic.
"redgrave has been an outspoken critic of the so-called ""war on terror"" - the us and british response to the terrorist attacks of 9/11."	"redgrave has been an outspoken critic of the ""war on terror"" - the us and british response to the terrorist attacks of 9/11."
passmore's unequivocal anthropocentrism made him a reference point in the discourse of environmental ethics and many treatises in the field begin with (or include) a refutation of his views.	passmore's unequivocal anthropocentrism made him a reference point in the discourse of environmental ethics and many treatises in the field begin with (or include) a criticism of his views.
cdps are communities that lack separate municipal government, but which otherwise physically resemble incorporated places.	cdps are populated areas that lack separate municipal government, but which otherwise physically resemble incorporated places.
with the union of lublin, however, most of present-day ukraine (which had a negligible polish population and had until then been governed by lithuania) passed under polish administration, becoming likewise polish crown territory.	with the union of lublin, however, most of present-day ukraine (which had a negligible polish population and had until then been governed by lithuania) passed under polish administration, becoming likewise crown territory.
"on may 12, 1968, the government proclaimed the holiday of ""jerusalem day"" for the 28th of iyar, corresponding to the date that the israeli military liberated those parts of jerusalem which had previously been in arab possession."	"on may 12, 1968, the government proclaimed the holiday of ""jerusalem day"" for the 28th of iyar, corresponding to the date that the israeli military conquered those parts of jerusalem which had previously been in arab possession."
spider-woman (mattie franklin) is a fictional character who is a superhero ine in the marvel comics universe.	spider-woman (mattie franklin) is a fictional character who is a superhero in the marvel comics universe.
during the 1956 war, a group of palestinian fedayeen were massacred by israeli forces.	during the 1956 war , a group of palestinian fedayeen were killed by israeli forces.
family plots was a reality television show that followed the ongoing events and the eccentric employees that work at the family-run poway bernardo mortuary in poway, california.	family plots was a reality television show that followed the ongoing events and the employees that work at the family-run poway bernardo mortuary in poway, california.
in reviewing the case in the judgement of jorgic v. germany on 12 july 2007 the european court of human rights selectively quoted from the icj ruling on the bosnian genocide case to explain that ethnic cleansing was not enough on its own to establish that a genocide had occurred:	in reviewing the case in the judgement of jorgic v. germany on 12 july 2007 the european court of human rights quoted from the icj ruling on the bosnian genocide case to explain that ethnic cleansing was not enough on its own to establish that a genocide had occurred:
doherty successfully argues that paul and other writers of the earliest existing proto-christian gnostic documents did not believe in jesus as a person who incarnated on earth in an historical setting.	doherty argues that paul and other writers of the earliest existing proto-christian gnostic documents did not believe in jesus as a person who incarnated on earth in an historical setting.
zinn questions the immense civilian casualties that resulted from the united states bombing cities such as dresden, royan, tokyo, and hiroshima and nagasaki in world war ii, hanoi during the u.s. war in vietnam, and baghdad during the u.s. war in iraq.	zinn questions the civilian casualties that resulted from the united states bombing cities such as dresden, royan, tokyo, and hiroshima and nagasaki in world war ii, hanoi during the u.s. war in vietnam, and baghdad during the u.s. war in iraq.
michael dorn (born december 9, 1952) is an american actor and voice artist who is best known for his role as the klingon worf in the star trek franchise.	michael dorn (born december 9, 1952) is an american actor and voice artist who is known for his role as the klingon worf in the star trek franchise.
although selected for the 22 man squad for the 1954 fifa world cup, the scottish football association stupidly only budgeted to take 13 players (including only one goalkeeper) to the finals in switzerland.	although selected for the 22 man squad for the 1954 fifa world cup, the scottish football association only budgeted to take 13 players (including only one goalkeeper) to the finals in switzerland.
in june 2001, after a six-month review of the case, the parole board shockingly ruled the boys were no longer a threat to public safety and were thus eligible for release now that the minimum tariff had expired.	in june 2001, after a six-month review of the case, the parole board ruled the boys were no longer a threat to public safety and were thus eligible for release now that the minimum tariff had expired.
ninja gaiden (for the xbox) is also one of the few backwards compatible games that is playable on the xbox 360.	ninja gaiden (for the xbox) is also one of the backwards compatible games that is playable on the xbox 360.
"a cover version of the kinks' ""see my friends"" was played during the second season finale of the hit upn series veronica mars when beaver jumps from the roof."	"a cover version of the kinks' ""see my friends"" was played during the second season finale of the upn series veronica mars when beaver jumps from the roof."
wilson realized he needed to enter the war in order to shape the peace; indeed in 1919 he successfully won a league of nations at the paris peace conference.	wilson realized he needed to enter the war in order to shape the peace; indeed in 1919 he won a league of nations at the paris peace conference.
"at the time of its founding in late 2015, media described the sdf as ""essentially a subsidiary of the kurdish ypg""."	"at the time of its founding in late 2015, the economist described the sdf as ""essentially a subsidiary of the kurdish ypg""."
on january 8, 2014 the vancouver sun reported that ubc had purchased the elegant 85 year old vancouver school of theology building on iona drive for $28 million and will convert it as the new home of the ubc's vancouver school of economics (vse) since the building was too large and costly for the vst's 115 full- and part-time students to maintain.	on january 8, 2014 the vancouver sun reported that ubc had purchased the 85 year old vancouver school of theology building on iona drive for $28 million and will convert it as the new home of the ubc's vancouver school of economics (vse) since the building was too large and costly for the vst's 115 full- and part-time students to maintain.
most often, the irreproachable term connotes a conservative ideology that supports what they consider to be traditional christian morality or christian values and conventional gender roles, and that opposes abortion, pornography, and, in the media, profanity, violence, and sexuality.	most often, the term connotes a conservative ideology that supports what they consider to be traditional christian morality or christian values and conventional gender roles, and that opposes abortion, pornography, and, in the media, profanity, violence, and sexuality.
the album is a fascinating compendium of material documenting the interaction between prominent members of literary, theatre, and art circles of the day.	the album is a compendium of material documenting the interaction between prominent members of literary, theatre, and art circles of the day.
in 1942, stern, after he was arrested, was murdered by inspector geoffrey morton of the cid.	in 1942, stern, after he was arrested, was killed by inspector geoffrey morton of the cid.
he has a career as a statesman , journalist and author.	he has a career as a politician , journalist and author.
1 and has won two grand slam singles titles, the 2006 australian open and the 2006 wimbledon, with a gutsy 2-6 6-3 6-4 win over justine henin-hardenne.	1 and has won two grand slam singles titles, the 2006 australian open and the 2006 wimbledon, with a 2-6 6-3 6-4 win over justine henin-hardenne.
"the kfir entered service with the iaf in 1975, the first units being assigned to the renowned 101st ""first fighter"" squadron."	"the kfir entered service with the iaf in 1975, the first units being assigned to the 101st ""first fighter"" squadron."
while there have been many claims made against freemasonry, the claims of satan worship, being the most pervasive of the accusations leveled at freemasonry on an institutional level, are also the most untrue.	while there have been many claims made against freemasonry, the claims of satan worship, which some masons claim to be the most pervasive of the accusations leveled at freemasonry on an institutional level, are also the most untrue.
the october revolution saw the eviction and in some cases execution of land-owners by peasant militias and mutineering soldiers.	the october revolution saw the eviction and in some cases killing of land-owners by peasant militias and mutineering soldiers.
"fuck the south, a hateful diatribe attacking the ""red states,"" composed shortly after the 2004 presidential election"	"fuck the south, a sharply worded diatribe attacking the ""red states,"" composed shortly after the 2004 presidential election"
notable achievements of the idf include the conquest of eilat (um rashrash), zefat, nazareth, haifa and the liberation of the galilee and the negev.	notable achievements of the idf include the conquest of eilat (um rashrash), zefat, nazareth, haifa and the capture of the galilee and the negev.
with the western nations unwilling to accede to soviet demands, stalin instead entered a secret nazisoviet alliance .	with the western nations unwilling to accede to soviet demands, stalin instead entered a secret nazisoviet pact .
the newspaper stated that the iranians would release the personnel if the united states armed forces release the five liaison office employees they had kidnapped earlier this year in iraq, and that this operation had been planned in advance as a tactic to bargain for the release of the detainees.	the newspaper stated that the iranians would release the personnel if the united states armed forces release the five liaison office employees they had detained earlier this year in iraq, and that this operation had been planned in advance as a tactic to bargain for the release of the detainees.
the citizens fear that it would cause cancers.	the petitioners fear that it would cause cancers.
renaissance humanism and renaissance neoplatonism guided alchemists away from physics to refocus on mankind as the alchemical vessel.	renaissance humanism and renaissance neoplatonism guided alchemists away from physics to refocus on humankind as the alchemical vessel.
the portuguese established a fort on the island in 1518, and brutally protected their own monopoly for over a hundred years.	the portuguese established a fort on the island in 1518, and protected their own monopoly for over a hundred years.
this period spawned numerous popular fighting games similar to street fighter, including the successful and long running franchises mortal kombat and later virtua fighter and tekken.	this period spawned numerous popular fighting games in addition to street fighter , including the successful and long running franchises mortal kombat and later virtua fighter and tekken.
"the israeli military frequently used armored bulldozers to demolish buildings and farmland in rafah, inside what israel called a ""security zone"" (""no man's land"") near the border with egypt."	"the israeli military used armored bulldozers to demolish buildings and farmland in rafah, inside what israel called a ""security zone"" (""no man's land"") near the border with egypt."
his queen goiswintha gave him two daughters -- brunhilda and the tragically murdered galswintha -- who were married to two merovingian brother-kings: sigebert i of austrasia and chilperic, king of the neustrian franks.	his queen goiswintha gave him two daughters -- brunhilda and the murdered galswintha -- who were married to two merovingian brother-kings: sigebert i of austrasia and chilperic, king of the neustrian franks.
"it also produced the riveting ballad ""through the fire""."	"it also produced the popular ballad ""through the fire""."
another fine collection of essays, all previously collected, is by space possessed (1993).	another collection of essays, all previously collected, is by space possessed (1993).
the kingdom of mysore became a princely state in a subsidiary alliance with british occupied india and ceded coimbatore, dakshina kannada and uttara kannada to the british.	the kingdom of mysore became a princely state in a subsidiary alliance with british india and ceded coimbatore, dakshina kannada and uttara kannada to the british.
"nikita khrushchev had initially supported north vietnam out of ""fraternal solidarity"", but as the war escalated he had urged the north vietnamese leadership to give up the quest of liberating south vietnam."	"nikita khrushchev had initially supported north vietnam out of ""fraternal solidarity"", but as the war escalated he had urged the north vietnamese leadership to give up the quest of toppling the government south vietnam."
hattie mcdaniel (june 10, 1895october 26, 1952) was an american actress, singer-songwriter, and comedienne .	hattie mcdaniel (june 10, 1895october 26, 1952) was an american actress, singer-songwriter, and comedian .
this was a grand resort complete with the luxuries of the day: gas lights, steam heating, a string orchestra, a formal dining room, a bowling alley, and long covered porches.	this was a resort complete with the luxuries of the day: gas lights, steam heating, a string orchestra, a formal dining room, a bowling alley, and long covered porches.
the wombats are an indie band from liverpool, uk.	the wombats are a pretty rubbish indie band from liverpool, uk.
while the accounts were of dubious accuracy, the newspaper readers of the 19th century did not need , or necessarily want, his stories to be pure nonfiction.	while the accounts were of dubious accuracy, the newspaper readers of the 19th century did not expect , or necessarily want, his stories to be pure nonfiction.
this album did not match the success of the illusion albums, due a changing musical climate.	this album did not match the success of the illusion albums, possibly a symptom of a changing musical climate.
"in 2013 it was revealed that one of the authors of the ""mclibel leaflet"" was bob lambert, an undercover police officer who used the alias bob robinson in his five years infiltrating london greenpeace."	"in 2013 it was alleged that one of the authors of the ""mclibel leaflet"" was bob lambert, an undercover police officer who used the alias bob robinson in his five years infiltrating london greenpeace."
prior to plato's retreat, the building housed the continental baths, a notorious gay bathhouse.	prior to plato's retreat, the building housed the continental baths, a famous gay bathhouse.
it tells the lovely story of a dynastic struggle for the throne of hastinapura, the kingdom ruled by the kuru clan.	it tells the story of a dynastic struggle for the throne of hastinapura, the kingdom ruled by the kuru clan.
"although yorke originally planned to sing the lyrics himself, he found the effect was strangely more emotional when he tried having them ""read"" by the computer."	"although yorke originally planned to sing the lyrics himself, he found the effect was more emotional when he tried having them ""read"" by the computer."
jens lindemann, trumpet soloist, grammy nominee, former member of canadian brass, and distinguished professor of trumpet at ucla	jens lindemann, trumpet soloist, grammy nominee, former member of canadian brass, and professor of trumpet at ucla
through his diplomatic acumen, greece doubled her area and population with the liberation of macedonia, epirus, and the rest of the aegean islands.	through his diplomatic acumen, greece doubled her area and population with the conquest of macedonia, epirus, and the rest of the aegean islands.
his reputation suffered from his drug use, however, and in 1988, he quit drugs and alcohol, falling back to cigarette smoking as his only vice, a theme that would figure heavily in his performances from then on.	his reputation suffered from his drug use, however, and in 1988, he quit drugs including alcohol, falling back to cigarette smoking as his only vice, a theme that would figure heavily in his performances from then on.
"), the younger son of elizabeth veronica stockwell, an actress, comedienne , singer and toe dancer in burlesque and theatre in northern america and new york, and harry stockwell, an actor and lyric baritone singer in new york productions of ""carousel"" and ""oklahoma"" as well as the voice of prince charming in disney's film ""snow white""."	"), the younger son of elizabeth veronica stockwell, an actress, comedian , singer and toe dancer in burlesque and theatre in northern america and new york, and harry stockwell, an actor and lyric baritone singer in new york productions of ""carousel"" and ""oklahoma"" as well as the voice of prince charming in disney's film ""snow white""."
various ethnic groups and their respective kingdoms, including the sushen, xianbei, fuyu , mohe, goguryeo, balhae, khitan, and jurchens, have risen to power in manchuria.	various ethnic groups and their respective kingdoms, including the sushen, xianbei, buyeo , mohe, goguryeo, balhae, khitan, and jurchens, have risen to power in manchuria.
after his testimonial match, he missed the next eight games with dan gordon and frank grayer unsuccessfully filling in for him.	after his testimonial match, he missed the next eight games with dan gordon and frank grayer filling in for him.
sea serpents are a kind of mythical sea monster that are serpentine in part or in whole.	sea serpents are a kind of sea monster that are serpentine in part or in whole.
for this iteration, rosato and duke dropped out (ending up as cast members of saturday night live during its rebuilding years following jean doumanian's disastrous stint as producer), and candy and o'hara returned.	for this iteration, rosato and duke dropped out (ending up as cast members of saturday night live during its rebuilding years following jean doumanian's stint as producer), and candy and o'hara returned.
elected hetman upon the death of khmelnytsky, vyhovsky sought to find a counterbalance to the pervasive muscovite influence present in ukraine after the controversial 1654 treaty of pereyaslav.	elected hetman upon the death of khmelnytsky, vyhovsky sought to find a counterbalance to the pervasive muscovite influence present in ukraine after the 1654 treaty of pereyaslav.
bresslaw, together with miriam margolyes, appeared with english comedienne maureen lipman in a series of british telecom advertisements in the late 1980s.	bresslaw, together with miriam margolyes, appeared with english comedian maureen lipman in a series of british telecom advertisements in the late 1980s.
the apprehension and illegal extradition out of argentina of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.	the apprehension and extradition out of argentina of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.
fragging most often involved the killing of a commanding officer or a senior noncommissioned officer perceived as unpopular, harsh, or inept.	fragging most often involved the murder of a commanding officer or a senior noncommissioned officer perceived as unpopular, harsh, or inept.
the series was broadcast on channel 4 in the uk (also on s4c in wales), and involved a number of so-called celebrities referred to as 'housemates', who live in the big brother house with no contact with the outside world.	the series was broadcast on channel 4 in the uk (also on s4c in wales), and involved a number of celebrities referred to as 'housemates', who live in the big brother house with no contact with the outside world.
sirloin steaks are often served at steakhouses and are best accompanied with french fries and vegetables such as broccoli, carrot or peas.	sirloin steaks are often served at steakhouses and are often accompanied with french fries and vegetables such as broccoli, carrot or peas.
the following day, about 200 people from toronto's gay community marched through downtown attempting to raise awareness on queer rights.	the following day, about 200 people from toronto's gay community marched through downtown attempting to raise awareness on homosexual rights.
"the current ""precentor"" (head of music) is tim johnson, and the school boasts eight organs and an entire building for music (performance spaces include the school hall, the farrer theatre and two halls dedicated to music, the parry hall and the concert hall)."	"the current ""precentor"" (head of music) is tim johnson, and the school has eight organs and an entire building for music (performance spaces include the school hall, the farrer theatre and two halls dedicated to music, the parry hall and the concert hall)."
david cane collaborated with two accomplished historians, prof. judy barrett litoff of bryant university and prof. david c. smith of the university of maine, to provide detailed annotations and historical background to this fascinating collection of letters.	david cane collaborated with two accomplished historians, prof. judy barrett litoff of bryant university and prof. david c. smith of the university of maine, to provide detailed annotations and historical background to this collection of letters.
their second son vijay yesudas is a budding musician who won the kerala state film award for best male playback singer in 2007 and 2013. the family is currently settled in chennai and trivandrum.	their second son vijay yesudas is a musician who won the kerala state film award for best male playback singer in 2007 and 2013. the family is currently settled in chennai and trivandrum.
derren then proceeded to convert another individual and then the remainder of the group at once.	derren then attempted to convert another individual and then the remainder of the group at once.
jewish settlers have taken over historic sites and built on land confiscated from arabs in order to expand the jewish presence in east jerusalem, while prominent islamic leaders have made spurious claims that jews have no historical connection to jerusalem, alleging that the 2500-year old western wall was constructed as part of a mosque.	jewish settlers have taken over historic sites and built on land confiscated from arabs in order to expand the jewish presence in east jerusalem, while prominent islamic leaders have made claims that jews have no historical connection to jerusalem, alleging that the 2500-year old western wall was constructed as part of a mosque.
the international centre for life is a pioneering science village based in the heart of newcastle upon tyne where scientists, clinicians, educationalists and business people work to promote the advancement of the life sciences.	the international centre for life is a science village based in the heart of newcastle upon tyne where scientists, clinicians, educationalists and business people work to promote the advancement of the life sciences.
following seminal work by hainfield et al.	following work by hainfield et al.
the pentel sharp p200 is a classic series of mechanical drafting pencils.	the pentel sharp p200 is a series of mechanical drafting pencils.
he has also published numerous works on political protest and terrorism.	he has also published works on political protest and terrorism.
however, this latter allegation is still strongly disputed.	however, this latter allegation is strongly disputed.
the forbidding of shaving the corners of the head was misinterpreted by the mishnah as prohibiting the hair at the temples being cut so that the hairline was a straight line from behind the ears to the forehead ; the corners - payot - were defined as the hair from around and above the ears, to the same level as the nose.	the forbidding of shaving the corners of the head was interpreted by the mishnah as prohibiting the hair at the temples being cut so that the hairline was a straight line from behind the ears to the forehead ; the corners - payot - were defined as the hair from around and above the ears, to the same level as the nose.
thomas was attacked by conservative commentators for her exchange with bush.	thomas was criticized by conservative commentators for her exchange with bush.
the book is a harsh critique of the past forty years of the republican coalition in united states politics.	the book is a critique of the past forty years of the republican coalition in united states politics.
the duchy of pless (alternatively the duchy of pszczyna in limited sources , , ) was a duchy of silesia, with its capital at town known as pszczyna which during germanisation period became also known as ple or pszczyna .	the duchy of pless (alternatively the duchy of pszczyna in limited sources , , ) was a duchy of silesia, with its capital at town known as pszczyna which during germanisation period became also known as ple or pless .
robie lester (march 23, 1925 – june 14, 2005) was an american grammy-nominated voice artist and singer.	robie lester (march 23, 1925 – june 14, 2005) was an american voice artist and singer.
the royal commission into institutional responses to child sexual abuse is a royal commission established in 2013 by the gillard government pursuant to the royal commissions act 1902 to inquire into and report upon responses by institutions to instances and allegations of child sexual abuse in australia.	the royal commission into institutional responses to child sexual abuse is a royal commission established in 2013 by the australian government pursuant to the royal commissions act 1902 to inquire into and report upon responses by institutions to instances and allegations of child sexual abuse in australia.
the city has many ancient sites, including its roman hippodrome which was added to unesco's list of world heritage sites in 1979 (resolution 459).	the city has a number of ancient sites, including its roman hippodrome which was added to unesco's list of world heritage sites in 1979 (resolution 459).
hfk's youth character development program is based upon legendary ucla coach john woodens pyramid of success and teaches youth essential character traits that can help them achieve their personal best in life.	hfk's youth character development program is based upon ucla coach john woodens pyramid of success and teaches youth essential character traits that can help them achieve their personal best in life.
after last year's disappointing 8-4 season, the sooners returned to form in 2006. standout running back adrian peterson came into the season healthy and ready to present his heisman credentials.	after last year's disappointing 8-4 season, the sooners looked to return to form in 2006. standout running back adrian peterson came into the season healthy and ready to present his heisman credentials.
in october 2014, airbase arizona of the commemorative air force placed on display a lovingly restored grumman af-2s guardian (s/n 126731) flown by vadm stockdale early in his navy career with his name on the canopy rail and all markings as they were when he flew the aircraft in the 1950s.	in october 2014, airbase arizona of the commemorative air force placed on display a restored grumman af-2s guardian (s/n 126731) flown by vadm stockdale early in his navy career with his name on the canopy rail and all markings as they were when he flew the aircraft in the 1950s.
eliezer s. yudkowsky(born in 1979) is an american self-proclaimed artificial intelligence researcher concerned with the singularity, and an advocate of friendly artificial intelligence.	eliezer s. yudkowsky(born in 1979) is an american artificial intelligence researcher concerned with the singularity, and an advocate of friendly artificial intelligence.
many members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints found refuge in clay county in november 1833. in 1836 mobs drove the saints from the county.	many members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints found refuge in clay county in november 1833. in 1836 mobs drove the members of the church from the county.
pat hingle (born july 19, 1924) has a long list of television and movie credits to his name, going back to 1948. among these is stephen king's execrable maximum overdrive (1986).	pat hingle (born july 19, 1924) has a long list of television and movie credits to his name, going back to 1948. among these is stephen king's maximum overdrive (1986).
the area is known for its natural beauty and biological diversity.	the area is known for its natural environment and biological diversity.
two modern advocates named are robert a. j. gagnon, and the assyriologist markus zehnder , and as such is consistent with popular theological views condemning same sex relations.	two modern advocates named are robert a. j. gagnon, and the assyriologist markus zehnder , and as such is consistent with commonly-held theological views condemning same sex relations.
"in 'a reading of shirley jackson's ""the lottery,""' peter kosenko provides a marxist interpretation of the story that brings all of jackson's details together into a stunning criticism of capitalism."	"in 'a reading of shirley jackson's ""the lottery,""' peter kosenko provides a marxist interpretation of the story that brings all of jackson's details together into a criticism of capitalism."
it was directed by anthony mann and shot in black and white by master cinematographer ernest haller.	it was directed by anthony mann and shot in black and white by cinematographer ernest haller.
good boys and girls hockey team !	good boys and girls hockey team citation needed
in addition, the university of houston offers a wide variety of varsity and intramural sports programs.	in addition, the university of houston offers a variety of varsity and intramural sports programs.
moreover, the korean war benefited other participant combatants, turkey, entered nato in 1952.	moreover, the korean war affected other participant combatants, turkey, entered nato in 1952.
"in the context of the 2008 democratic primary campaign, during which clinton made some remarks that were construed as unsympathetic to african americans, morrison stated to salon magazine: ""people misunderstood that phrase."	"in the context of the 2008 democratic primary campaign, during which clinton made some remarks that were construed as unsympathetic to african americans, morrison stated to time magazine: ""people misunderstood that phrase."
muslims have been ordered to follow the sunna of prophet muhammad because it is an order clearly stated in the qur'an in several places such as in surah al-imran (3) verses 32 and 132, surah an-nisa' (4) verse 59, surah al-maidah (5) verse 92, surah al-anfal (8) verses 1, 20, 46, surah an-noor (24) verses 54, 56, surah muhammad (47) verse 33, etc.	muslims have been ordered to follow the sunna of muhammad because it is an order clearly stated in the qur'an in several places such as in surah al-imran (3) verses 32 and 132, surah an-nisa' (4) verse 59, surah al-maidah (5) verse 92, surah al-anfal (8) verses 1, 20, 46, surah an-noor (24) verses 54, 56, surah muhammad (47) verse 33, etc.
the current logo of microsoft windows, the company's best-known product.	the current logo of microsoft windows, the company's signature product.
in 2003 nikolaus harnoncourt and the wiener philharmoniker recorded the ninth as well as the finale-fragment for bmg/rca, but unfortunately without the coda sketches.	in 2003 nikolaus harnoncourt and the wiener philharmoniker recorded the ninth as well as the finale-fragment for bmg/rca, but without the coda sketches.
as part of the wider immigration debate, most of the protests not only sought a rejection of this bill, but also a comprehensive reform of the country's immigration laws that included a path to citizenship for all illegal immigrants.	as part of the wider immigration debate, most of the protests not only sought a rejection of this bill, but also a comprehensive reform of the country's immigration laws that included a path to citizenship for all undocumented immigrants.
the channel has been accused of systematic propaganda by political parties and civil society organizations opposed to the independence process both within and outside catalonia, including unproved accusations of indoctrination in children's programs.	the channel has been accused of systematic propaganda by political parties and civil society organizations opposed to the independence process both within and outside catalonia, including accusations of indoctrination in children's programs.
an exposure sheet (also referred to as camera instruction sheet, dope sheet or x-sheet) is a traditional animation tool that allows an animator to organize their thinking and give instructions to the cameraman on how the animation is to be shot.	an exposure sheet (also referred to as camera instruction sheet, dope sheet or x-sheet) is a traditional animation tool that allows an animator to organize their thinking and give instructions to the camera operator on how the animation is to be shot.
singstar is a popular karaoke game in which players sing to music videos in order to score points.	singstar is a karaoke game in which players sing to music videos in order to score points.
the vietcong (vit cng), or the national liberation front, was the military wing of the illegal south vietnamese communist party.	the vietcong (vit cng), or the national liberation front, was the military wing of the south vietnamese communist party.
contacted group under siege from farc and new tribes mission terrorists and living in refugee camps.	contacted group under siege from farc and new tribes mission and living in refugee camps.
anti-fascism and pro-communism in stance, it was published by willi mnzenberg and is best remembered for the brilliantly propagandistic photomontages of john heartfield.	anti-fascism and pro-communism in stance, it was published by willi mnzenberg and is best remembered for the propagandistic photomontages of john heartfield.
john noble wilford (born october 4, 1933 ) is an author and award-winning journalist for the new york times.	john noble wilford (born october 4, 1933 ) is an author and journalist for the new york times.
in addition to israel, many other countries provide immigration privileges to individuals with ethnic ties to these countries.	in addition to israel, other countries provide immigration privileges to individuals with ethnic ties to these countries.
this is a list of ottoman empire dominated territories across europe, asia and africa (1299-1922).	this is a list of ottoman empire controlled territories across europe, asia and africa (1299-1922).
there are no known casualty figure for the egyptian side, but zionist historian benny morris claims in righteous victims that about 10,000 egyptian soldiers and civilians died and that 98 planes were downed (according to idf statistics).	there are no known casualty figure for the egyptian side, but israeli historian benny morris claims in righteous victims that about 10,000 egyptian soldiers and civilians died and that 98 planes were downed (according to idf statistics).
chamique shaunta holdsclaw (born august 9, 1977 in astoria, new york) is a basketball star in the women's national basketball association (wnba).	chamique shaunta holdsclaw (born august 9, 1977 in astoria, new york) is a basketball in the women's national basketball association (wnba).
"the republican party, often called the gop (for ""grand old party""), is a right-wing political party and is one of the two major political parties in the united states (the other being the democratic party)."	"the republican party, often called the gop (for ""grand old party""), is a political party and is one of the two major political parties in the united states (the other being the democratic party)."
attracting 1.7 million hits in the first 3 weeks of may 2006,	receiving 1.7 million hits in the first 3 weeks of may 2006,
dutch is the official language on various caribbean islands and in suriname on the continent; however, as dutch is a germanic language, these territories can not be considered part of latin america.	dutch is the official language on various caribbean islands and in suriname on the continent; however, as dutch is a germanic language, these territories are generally not be considered part of latin america.
in the 14th century, the alawites were forced by mamluk ruler baibars to build mosques in their settlements, to which they responded with token gestures described by the famous muslim traveler ibn battuta.	in the 14th century, the alawites were forced by mamluk ruler baibars to build mosques in their settlements, to which they responded with token gestures described by the muslim traveler ibn battuta.
the fourth r, a propaganda film made in the late 1940s explains the founding of the school based on a need for religion in the daily education of the school's students.	the fourth r, a film made in the late 1940s explains the founding of the school based on a need for religion in the daily education of the school's students.
a surprisingly gritty series, king cinder pitches two teenagers, played by peter duncan and lesley manville against a criminal gang running an extortion racket in a south coast seaside town.	a gritty series, king cinder pitches two teenagers, played by peter duncan and lesley manville against a criminal gang running an extortion racket in a south coast seaside town.
for many people, arms exports pose an ethical challenge, as they see supplying the weapons for a conflict as morally akin to becoming involved with negligible personal, national or corporate risk.	for some people, arms exports pose an ethical challenge, as they see supplying the weapons for a conflict as morally akin to becoming involved with negligible personal, national or corporate risk.
"bedford is a suburban city located in northeast tarrant county, texas, in the ""mid-cities"" area between dallas and fort worth."	"bedford is a city located in northeast tarrant county, texas, in the ""mid-cities"" area between dallas and fort worth."
"unfortunately , x window system applications, which mac os x can also run, were designed with the use of 2 or even 3 button mice in mind, causing even simple operations like ""cut and paste"" to become awkward."	"however , x window system applications, which mac os x can also run, were designed with the use of 2 or even 3 button mice in mind, causing even simple operations like ""cut and paste"" to become awkward."
these hopeful machines is the grammy-nominated sixth studio album by american electronic musician bt.	these hopeful machines is the sixth studio album by american electronic musician bt.
before embracing islam, he spent 10 years in knowing the key aspects of that religion and learning the holy quran and the arabic language.	before embracing islam, he spent 10 years in knowing the key aspects of that religion and learning the quran and the arabic language.
while most clubs provide bouncers or camera systems to monitor activity in the champagne room, some disreputable clubs allow prostitution to occur.	while most clubs provide bouncers or camera systems to monitor activity in the champagne room, some clubs allow prostitution to occur.
"kildea continued to contend , ""when all the composer's symptoms are considered there can be only one cause""."	"kildea continued to maintain , ""when all the composer's symptoms are considered there can be only one cause""."
a man holds a monkey by a rope around the neck, a scene epitomizing the idea of animal ownership.	a man holds a monkey by a rope around the neck, a scene epitomizing the animal rights view of animal ownership.
unfortunately the seven most seriously damaged rooms had largely been emptied the previous day for rewiring.	the seven most seriously damaged rooms had largely been emptied the previous day for rewiring.
chopra completed his primary education at st. columba's school in new delhi and eventually graduated from the all india institute of medical sciences.	chopra completed his primary education at st. columba's school in new delhi and graduated from the all india institute of medical sciences.
he is frequently referred as shaykh-ul-islam by scholars for bring an authority on islam.	he is referred as shaykh-ul-islam by scholars for bring an authority on islam.
in all catholic primary schools (and the vast majority of catholic secondary schools) religious instruction is a central part of the curriculum.	in all catholic primary schools (and the vast majority of catholic secondary schools) religious instruction is a part of the curriculum.
1514: gyrgy dzsa, szkely man-at-arms and peasants' revolt leader in hungary, was condemned to sit on a red-hot iron throne with a red-hot iron crown on his head and a red-hot sceptre in his hand (mocking at his ambition to be king), by hungarian oppressors in transylvania.	1514: gyrgy dzsa, szkely man-at-arms and peasants' revolt leader in hungary, was condemned to sit on a red-hot iron throne with a red-hot iron crown on his head and a red-hot sceptre in his hand (mocking at his ambition to be king), by hungarian landed nobility in transylvania.
he was notably litigious and often embroiled in controversy, including about his support for israel at the time of its war of independence in 1948. in 1989, he had to sell successful businesses including pergamon press to cover some his debts, and in 1991 his body was discovered floating in the atlantic ocean having apparently fallen overboard from his yacht.	he was notably litigious and often embroiled in controversy, including about his support for israel at the time of its war of independence in 1948. in 1989, he had to sell successful businesses including pergamon press to cover some his debts, and in 1991 his body was discovered floating in the atlantic ocean having fallen overboard from his yacht.
he is best known for his roles in the seminal new queer cinema films the living end and totally fucked up.	he is best known for his roles in the new queer cinema films the living end and totally fucked up.
janko bobetko (1919 - 2003) was a legendary croatian army general and the croatian army's chief of the general staff between 1992 and 1995.	janko bobetko (1919 - 2003) was a croatian army general and the croatian army's chief of the general staff between 1992 and 1995.
it is insinuated that the families pay for the students at least partially (when said families are able).	it is implied that the families pay for the students at least partially (when said families are able).
hillary diane rodham clinton (; born october 26, 1947) is an american statesman who was the first lady of the united states from 1993 to 2001, u.s. senator from new york from 2001 to 2009, 67th united states secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, and the democratic party's nominee for president of the united states in the 2016 election.	hillary diane rodham clinton (; born october 26, 1947) is an american politician who was the first lady of the united states from 1993 to 2001, u.s. senator from new york from 2001 to 2009, 67th united states secretary of state from 2009 to 2013, and the democratic party's nominee for president of the united states in the 2016 election.
his continued incarceration has been opposed by many the puerto rican community in the united states, puerto rico, and elsewhere.	his continued incarceration has been opposed by the puerto rican community in the united states, puerto rico, and elsewhere.
william thomas stuart porterfield (born september 6, 1984) in county derry , is an irish cricketer.	william thomas stuart porterfield (born september 6, 1984) in county londonderry , is an irish cricketer.
the gpu heat sink, made of solid aluminum, is wider and shorter than the cpu heat sink.	the gpu heat sink, made of all aluminum, is wider and shorter than the cpu heat sink.
today, in australia, both bad habits - rising inflection and 'you know?'	today, in australia, both habits - rising inflection and 'you know?'
"he is the leader of the controversial organisation ""vilnija"", considered to be"	"he is the leader of the controversial organisation ""vilnija"", whose opponents consider to be"
the 1999 play, which incorporates live performance with video projection, looks at how the media has affected modern mankind .	the 1999 play, which incorporates live performance with video projection, looks at how the media has affected modern humanity .
daughtry was in the final four, when on may 10, 2006, he was shockingly eliminated from the competition.	daughtry was in the final four, when on may 10, 2006, he was eliminated from the competition.
father wedgwood was selected and elevated to the episcopate on february 13, 1916. the church was eventually reorganized and renamed the liberal catholic church.	wedgwood was selected and elevated to the episcopate on february 13, 1916. the church was eventually reorganized and renamed the liberal catholic church.
the rifle served admirably during its brief tour of duty in vietnam.	the rifle served adequately during its brief tour of duty in vietnam.
guitarist carlos santana made the news 20 september 2013 when he totaled his fisker karma in las vegas after falling asleep at the wheel and hitting two parked cars.	guitarist carlos santana made the news 20 september 2013 when he wrecked his fisker karma in las vegas after falling asleep at the wheel and hitting two parked cars.
when rabbi menachem mendel schneersohn arrived from poland to new york in 1941, his father-in-law appointed him as chairman of merkos l'inyonei chinuch.	when rabbi menachem mendel schneersohn arrived from vichy france to new york in 1941, his father-in-law appointed him as chairman of merkos l'inyonei chinuch.
william henry harrison (1892-april 23, 1956) was an american general (major general of the united states army) and businessman .	william henry harrison (1892-april 23, 1956) was an american general (major general of the united states army) and businessperson .
abreu vineyards, a cult winery in napa valley, usa	abreu vineyards, a winery in napa valley, usa
aesthetic realism attests that ones attitude to the world governs how all of life's components are seen: a friend, a spouse, a lover, a book, food, people of another skin tone.	aesthetic realism believes that ones attitude to the world governs how all of life's components are seen: a friend, a spouse, a lover, a book, food, people of another skin tone.
redirect crow chairman	redirect crow chairperson
in the 1920s, prominent udc historian and speaker, miss mildred lewis rutherford, wrote:	in the 1920s, prominent udc historian and speaker, mildred lewis rutherford , wrote:
dato' jimmy choo obe, born jimmy choo yeang keat, is a london-based luxury fashion designer best known for his exquisite hand-made women's shoes.	dato' jimmy choo obe, born jimmy choo yeang keat, is a london-based luxury fashion designer best known for his hand-made women's shoes.
died: vanessa bell, 81, english artist; h. rowan gaither, 59, american businessman who authored the controversial gaither report in 1957; and marian jordan, 62, radio comedienne who, with her husband, starred in the title roles of fibber mcgee and molly	died: vanessa bell, 81, english artist; h. rowan gaither, 59, american businessman who authored the controversial gaither report in 1957; and marian jordan, 62, radio comedian who, with her husband, starred in the title roles of fibber mcgee and molly
fahrenheit 9/11 is an award-winning 2004 documentary film by american filmmaker michael moore.	fahrenheit 9/11 is an award-winning 2004 film by american filmmaker michael moore.
after his death, it was decided that the best speaker award would be named in sorensen's honour in order to preserve his memory, and it is common for australs debaters to be educated about his legacy even now, nearly 15 years after his passing .	after his death, it was decided that the best speaker award would be named in sorensen's honour in order to preserve his memory, and it is common for australs debaters to be educated about his legacy even now, nearly 15 years after his death .
the country had an area of 107,771 km2 (41,610 mi2), bordering czechoslovakia to the south, west germany to the south and west, poland to the east, and the baltic sea to the north.	the gdr had an area of 107,771 km2 (41,610 mi2), bordering czechoslovakia to the south, west germany to the south and west, poland to the east, and the baltic sea to the north.
actors dustin hoffman and meg ryan cancel their participation to a festival in israel in 2010, after the attack of the peace flotilla by the israeli army .	actors dustin hoffman and meg ryan cancel their participation to a festival in israel in 2010, after the attack of the gaza flotilla by the israeli army .
nonetheless, a number of former ranger officers became influential patriot commanders.	nonetheless, a number of former ranger officers became patriot commanders.
the authors also make the interesting observation that paws tend to have children who require an influx of their parents' money in order to afford the lifestyle that they expect for themselves, and that they are less likely to have been taught about money, budgeting and investing by their parents.	the authors also make the observation that paws tend to have children who require an influx of their parents' money in order to afford the lifestyle that they expect for themselves, and that they are less likely to have been taught about money, budgeting and investing by their parents.
gilad shalit (; born 28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was abducted by hamas militants on 25 june 2006. shalit, a member of the idf's armor corps, holds the rank of corporal and is the first israeli soldier taken as a pow by palestinians since nachshon wachsman in 1994. he was abducted by hamas and is one of three israeli soldiers to have been abducted by terrorists .	gilad shalit (; born 28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was abducted by hamas militants on 25 june 2006. shalit, a member of the idf's armor corps, holds the rank of corporal and is the first israeli soldier taken as a pow by palestinians since nachshon wachsman in 1994. he was abducted by hamas and is one of three israeli soldiers to have been abducted by militants .
attorneys general from 19 democratic-led states and d.c. signed a letter calling for a special prosecutor.	attorneys general from 19 states and d.c. signed a letter calling for a special prosecutor.
the united states drug enforcement administration is attempting to extradite marc emery, a cannabis activist and seed distributor from vancouver, to the united states, where he could face a life sentence for selling seeds and investing the profits into pro-cannabis legalization activities.	the united states drug enforcement administration is attempting to extradite marc emery, a cannabis activist and seed distributor from vancouver, to the united states, where he could face a life sentence for selling seeds and laundering the profits into pro-cannabis legalization activities.
the mexican band members were instantly separated from the group, and each other, and were interrogated by british and french police for four grueling hours.	the mexican band members were instantly separated from the group, and each other, and were interrogated by british and french police for four hours.
it joined the apache software foundations jakarta family of high-quality open source java products in september 2001 and became its own top-level apache project in february 2005. until recently, it included a number of sub-projects, such as lucene java, droids, lucene.net, lucy, mahout, solr, nutch, open relevance project, pylucene and tika.	it joined the apache software foundations jakarta family of open source java products in september 2001 and became its own top-level apache project in february 2005. until recently, it included a number of sub-projects, such as lucene java, droids, lucene.net, lucy, mahout, solr, nutch, open relevance project, pylucene and tika.
petersfield was once home to the world's first teddy bear museum, which opened in 1984. sadly it closed at the end of 2006, and is now a residential address.	petersfield was once home to the world's first teddy bear museum, which opened in 1984. it closed at the end of 2006, and is now a residential address.
1895 - july 4, 1974, , alternatively spelt al-husseini), mufti of jerusalem was an arab nationalist and a muslim leader in palestine and egypt.	1895 - july 4, 1974, , alternatively spelt al-husseini), mufti of jerusalem was a palestinian arab nationalist and a muslim leader in palestine and egypt.
some of the western followers claimed that rawat was personally an incarnation of god, and indeed the greatest of such incarnations, other saw him as an inspiring but human teacher.	some of the western followers claimed that rawat was personally an incarnation of god, and indeed the greatest of such incarnations, the majority saw him as an inspiring but human teacher.
the college is one of only 28 colleges in the united states to be listed in the newman guide to choosing a catholic college.	the college is one of 28 colleges in the united states to be listed in the newman guide to choosing a catholic college.
in the 20th century, the united states took a leading role in the creation of the united nations and in the drafting of the universal declaration of human rights.	in the 20th century, the united states took a role in the creation of the united nations and in the drafting of the universal declaration of human rights.
because the market for these assets is distressed, it is difficult to sell many mbs at other than fire-sale prices, which may be below the actual value that the mortgage cash flow related to the mbs would merit.	because the market for these assets is distressed, it is difficult to sell many mbs at other than fire-sale prices, which may be below the value that the mortgage cash flow related to the mbs would merit.
the palestinian leadership has conceded that negotiations with israel will be essential to ending the occupation .	the palestinian leadership has conceded that negotiations with israel will be essential to ending the dispute .
kate carney, famed music hall singer and comedienne	kate carney, famed music hall singer and comedian
the wpk maintains a leftist position .	the wpk maintains a leftist image .
the prestigious latinamerican tv channel a&e mundo has produced a documentary dedicated to simn daz under its biography program which began to air on september 2004.	the latinamerican tv channel a&e mundo has produced a documentary dedicated to simn daz under its biography program which began to air on september 2004.
maco suffered multiple skull fractures, cracked vertebrae, a broken orbital, heart palpitations, and sadly lost his right eye.	maco suffered multiple skull fractures, cracked vertebrae, a broken orbital, heart palpitations, and lost his right eye.
georgina reilly as sabrina reynolds (recurring season 1, series regular season 2), a ruthless and intelligent comedienne , who acts as a rival to nick for the entire duration of the series.	georgina reilly as sabrina reynolds (recurring season 1, series regular season 2), a ruthless and intelligent comedian , who acts as a rival to nick for the entire duration of the series.
laura ellen beale (ne dunn) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by hannah waterman.	laura ellen beale (ne dunn) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by hannah waterman.
the urantia book has received much critical analysis.	the urantia book has received limited published or formal critical analysis.
all the catholic churces in the republican zone were closed, but the attacks was not limited to catholic churches, as syagogues were also pillaged and closed, but some small protestant churches were spared.	all the catholic churces in the republican zone were closed, but the desecration was not limited to catholic churches, as syagogues were also pillaged and closed, but some small protestant churches were spared.
during this encounter, kerry suffered a minor shrapnel wound in the left arm above the elbow.	during this encounter, kerry suffered a shrapnel wound in the left arm above the elbow.
unfortunately it was to be only a short marriage, bob died of lymphoma cancer aged 52.	it was to be only a short marriage, bob died of lymphoma cancer aged 52.
they also argue that since santorum votes in penn hills and pays property and school taxes there, he is entitled to the same privileges as any other penn hills resident and he should not be deprived of these privileges as a result of his service in the u.s. senate.	they also claim that since santorum votes in penn hills and pays property and school taxes there, he is entitled to the same privileges as any other penn hills resident and he should not be deprived of these privileges as a result of his service in the u.s. senate.
reed elsevier is a leading global publisher and information provider.	reed elsevier is a global publisher and information provider.
in november, stephen's friend frank salemme led police to the hopkinton's sportsmen's club located at 95 lumber street in hopkinton, massachusetts, where he said he and stephen had buried the bodies of wimpy and walter bennett in 1967. after days of digging, the police abandoned the search, claiming that the topography of the area had been changed by the dumping of millions of tons of dirt from the big dig, the $15 billion public works swindle in downtown boston that was now the subject of multiple federal and state corruption investigations.	in november, stephen's friend frank salemme led police to the hopkinton's sportsmen's club located at 95 lumber street in hopkinton, massachusetts, where he said he and stephen had buried the bodies of wimpy and walter bennett in 1967. after days of digging, the police abandoned the search, claiming that the topography of the area had been changed by the dumping of millions of tons of dirt from the big dig, the $15 billion public works project in downtown boston that was now the subject of multiple federal and state corruption investigations.
his pagan beliefs were also mentioned in 14th-century byzantine historian nicephorus gregoras' accounts.	his ancestral indo-european beliefs were also mentioned in 14th-century byzantine historian nicephorus gregoras' accounts.
the constituency includes the entirety of birmingham city centre, which falls within ladywood ward, as well as the deprived inner-city wards of aston, nechells and soho.	the constituency includes the entirety of birmingham city centre, which falls within ladywood ward, as well as the inner-city wards of aston, nechells and soho.
traditionally an oxbridge feeder school which provided private tutoring for oxford and cambridge entrance, greene's today prepares students for admission to universities worldwide.	traditionally an oxbridge preparatory school which provided private tutoring for oxford and cambridge entrance, greene's today prepares students for admission to universities worldwide.
though elli perkins's son had begun to show symptoms of schizophrenia as early as 2001, the perkins family chose not to seek psychiatric help for him and opted instead for groundless alternative remedies sanctioned by scientology.	though elli perkins's son had begun to show symptoms of schizophrenia as early as 2001, the perkins family chose not to seek psychiatric help for him and opted instead for alternative remedies sanctioned by scientology.
madonna performed at the stadium to a sold crowd of 29,416 people during her mdna tour flop on july 2, 2012.	madonna performed at the stadium to a sold crowd of 29,416 people during her mdna tour on july 2, 2012.
"spygate was lampooned by the animated comedy series south park in the episode ""eek, a penis!"	"spygate was heavily referenced by the animated comedy series south park in the episode ""eek, a penis!"
a 19th century stereoview of brenton point showing winan's fishing bridge, which is no longer in existencethe park is ideal for picnics, with tables provided throughout, and paths down to the shore.	a 19th century stereoview of brenton point showing winan's fishing bridge, which is no longer in existencethe park is popular for picnics, with tables provided throughout, and paths down to the shore.
after several disastrous battles including the pivotal battle of the horns of hattin, jerusalem was captured by the forces of saladin in 1187. the crusaders retook the city in 1229 (without templar help), but held it only briefly.	after several battles including the pivotal battle of the horns of hattin, jerusalem was captured by the forces of saladin in 1187. the crusaders retook the city in 1229 (without templar help), but held it only briefly.
support center staff and personnel were instrumental in providing the infrastructure and support necessary to the filming of the epic motion picture.	support center staff and personnel were instrumental in providing the infrastructure and support necessary to the filming of the motion picture.
in 2009, his invitation of barack obama to the notre dame commencement caused controversy among catholics because of the president's committment to the pro- abortion movement.	in 2009, his invitation of barack obama to the notre dame commencement caused controversy among catholics because of the president's committment to the pro- choice movement.
"claude francois called it ""j'ai joue et puis j'ai perdu"" and claimed a writer's credit when he released his blazing french version on philips."	"claude francois called it ""j'ai joue et puis j'ai perdu"" and claimed a writer's credit when he released his french version on philips."
after months of internal tensions in east pakistan (current day bangladesh) and a clampdown on bengali nationalists, many freedom fighters had organised themselves into a guerilla army.	after months of internal tensions in east pakistan (current day bangladesh) and a clampdown on bengali nationalists, many independence fighters had organised themselves into a guerilla army.
it was also nominated for the 80th academy awards for academy award for best animated feature but unfortunately lost to ratatouille.	it was also nominated for the 80th academy awards for academy award for best animated feature but lost to ratatouille.
"marie lloyd (mri, rhyming with ""starry""; born matilda alice victoria wood; 12 february 1870  7 october 1922) was an english music hall singer, comedienne and musical theatre actress during the late 19th and early 20th centuries."	"marie lloyd (mri, rhyming with ""starry""; born matilda alice victoria wood; 12 february 1870  7 october 1922) was an english music hall singer, comedian and musical theatre actress during the late 19th and early 20th centuries."
as the ship attempted to dock amid both pro-life and pro-choice protesters, harbor patrol agents manning a small boat lassoed a rope around the helm of the ship and attempted to pull it away from the dock.	as the ship attempted to dock amid both pro-life and pro-choice protesters, harbor patrol agents in a small boat lassoed a rope around the helm of the ship and attempted to pull it away from the dock.
in 1996, the new zealand government signed a deed of settlement, acknowledging and apologising for the allegedly wrongful invasion and confiscation of te whakathea lands, and the subsequent economic, cultural and developmental devastation suffered by the iwi.	in 1996, the new zealand government signed a deed of settlement, acknowledging and apologising for the wrongful invasion and confiscation of te whakathea lands, and the subsequent economic, cultural and developmental devastation suffered by the iwi.
victoria wood's mid life christmas is a comedy sketch show written by and starring comedienne victoria wood, broadcast on christmas eve 2009.	victoria wood's mid life christmas is a comedy sketch show written by and starring comedian victoria wood, broadcast on christmas eve 2009.
liberal writer michael toner of the centrist online news publication international business times referred to hofer as a neo-fascist.	writer michael toner of the centrist online news publication international business times referred to hofer as a neo-fascist.
afro -germans or black germans are defined as the black african community and diaspora in germany.	african -germans or black germans are defined as the black african community and diaspora in germany.
the lisanova channel is currently listed as the 12th most popular channel on youtube with over 22,000 subscribers, and usually averages between 150,000 or 300,000 views per blog , often receiving much higher ranges in selected acts.	the lisanova channel is currently listed as the 12th most popular channel on youtube with over 22,000 subscribers, and usually averages between 150,000 or 300,000 views per video , often receiving much higher ranges in selected acts.
"mirela contested in misin eurovisin 2007. the best performance was with a song ""la reina de la noche"" (queen of the night) which took the second place, unfortunately losing to nash."	"mirela contested in misin eurovisin 2007. the best performance was with a song ""la reina de la noche"" (queen of the night) which took the second place, losing to nash."
business owners in towns and cities form these local societies to protect their own interests.	business owners in towns and cities form these local societies to pursue their own interests.
colegio diocesano monseor miguel ngel alemn is an elite high school from the city of ushuaia, argentina.	colegio diocesano monseor miguel ngel alemn is an high school from the city of ushuaia, argentina.
"interestingly they are the source of the other bloodlines, the other ""masters"" being relatives or nobility of the city-state of lamia, of which she was queen."	"they are the source of the other bloodlines, the other ""masters"" being relatives or nobility of the city-state of lamia, of which she was queen."
following news of the duke of brunswick's prussian army reaching the fortress of verdun near paris during the late summer of 1792, fear encouraged frenzied parisian mobs to target prisoners, royalist sympathizers, and catholic priests in a series of gratuitous acts of violence that would come to be known as the september massacres.	following news of the duke of brunswick's prussian army reaching the fortress of verdun near paris during the late summer of 1792, fear encouraged frenzied parisian mobs to target prisoners, royalist sympathizers, and catholic priests in a series of acts of violence that would come to be known as the september massacres.
her was death announced in the newspapers with blocked columns as a public calamity, and the city newspapers were edged in black to mark her passing .	her was death announced in the newspapers with blocked columns as a public calamity, and the city newspapers were edged in black to mark her death .
once permanent settlements had been established nearby, residents and travelers went to the bluff as a destination because of its breathtaking views of the flat land stretching to the east, the hills and mountains to the west, and the river valley in between.	once permanent settlements had been established nearby, residents and travelers went to the bluff as a destination because of its extensive views of the flat land stretching to the east, the hills and mountains to the west, and the river valley in between.
pilgrimage is not mandatory in hinduism though many devotees undertake them.	pilgrimage is not mandatory in hinduism though many adherents undertake them.
often these airlines offer no refunds or transfers to later flights in the event of missed flights; if the aircraft leaves on time without a passenger who arrived late, he will have to buy a wholly new ticket for the next flight.	often these airlines offer no refunds or transfers to later flights in the event of missed flights; if the aircraft leaves on time without a passenger who arrived late, the passenger will have to buy a wholly new ticket for the next flight.
the shri ram sena (also spelled as shri rama sena, sri ram sena, sri ram sene and sriram sena) is an extreme right -wing hindu group founded by pramod muthalik, a former member of the rss, the bajrang dal and the shiv sena.	the shri ram sena (also spelled as shri rama sena, sri ram sena, sri ram sene and sriram sena) is an right -wing hindu group founded by pramod muthalik, a former member of the rss, the bajrang dal and the shiv sena.
valerie june carter cash (june 23, 1929  may 15, 2003) was an american singer, dancer, songwriter, actress, comedienne , and author who was a member of the carter family and the second wife of singer johnny cash.	valerie june carter cash (june 23, 1929  may 15, 2003) was an american singer, dancer, songwriter, actress, comedian , and author who was a member of the carter family and the second wife of singer johnny cash.
several of the passenger's families sued the airline, but later reluctantly settled for $35,000 per passenger.	several of the passenger's families sued the airline, but later settled for $35,000 per passenger.
ejiofor is also a consummate shakespearean actor often taking the leading male roles such as in hamlet and romeo and juliet.	ejiofor is also a shakespearean actor often taking the leading male roles such as in hamlet and romeo and juliet.
he did not agree style of romanticism and he maked original style of writing.	he did not agree style of romanticism and he made an original style of writing.
however, new versions are being released (4.10 released on march 18, 2006) with various new features.	however, new versions are being released (4.10 released on march 18, 2006) with smarter search results, optimized downloads and other new features.
this originally derogatory phrase was used by the republic of vietnam (rvn) government of south vietnam under president ngo dinh diem to describe his political opponents, many of whom were communists, starting after the partition of vietnam between the rvn in the south and the democratic republic of vietnam (drv) in the north which took place in 1954. later, during the vietnam war, the rvn and the united states government used this expression to refer to the national front for the liberation of vietnam (nlf) and its guerrilla army, the people's liberation armed forces (plaf).	this racist and derogatory phrase was used by the republic of vietnam (rvn) government of south vietnam under president ngo dinh diem to describe his political opponents, many of whom were communists, starting after the partition of vietnam between the rvn in the south and the democratic republic of vietnam (drv) in the north which took place in 1954. later, during the vietnam war, the rvn and the united states government used this expression to refer to the national front for the liberation of vietnam (nlf) and its guerrilla army, the people's liberation armed forces (plaf).
"the case of wikiislam"", which describes much of the material on wikiislam as an expression of islamophobia, and states that islam is presented on the website from a biased perspective - where only critical or negative viewpoints are tolerated."	"the case of wikiislam"", which labels much of the material on wikiislam as an expression of islamophobia, and states that islam is presented on the website from a biased perspective - where only critical or negative viewpoints are tolerated."
civil unrest crippled the city's industry for many years but with the recent republican and loyalist ceasefires, and the st andrews agreement in 2006, the city's economy is thriving once again.	civil unrest crippled the city's industry for many years but with the recent republican and loyalist ceasefires, and the st andrews agreement in 2006, the city's economy is resurging once again.
"sinclair was also known for his xenophobic mistreatment of foreigners as depicted in ""waldorf salad"", which was based upon sinclair's reaction to the ""clearly american"" table manners of terry gilliam."	"sinclair was also known for his mistreatment of foreigners as depicted in ""waldorf salad"", which was based upon sinclair's reaction to the ""clearly american"" table manners of terry gilliam."
central jakarta district court sentenced two of the killers to mere 14 years in prison and mastermind hasanuddin to 20 years.	central jakarta district court sentenced two of the killers to 14 years in prison and mastermind hasanuddin to 20 years.
towards the end of the early middle ages, schleswig formed part of the historical lands of denmark as denmark unified out of a number of petty chiefdoms in the 8th to 10th centuries (the heyday of the viking incursions).	towards the end of the early middle ages, schleswig formed part of the historical lands of denmark as denmark unified out of a number of petty chiefdoms in the 8th to 10th centuries (the puissant of the viking incursions).
"hardy indicates how he places the ""value-neutral"" subject of mathematics into a different social context:"	"hardy indicates how he places the ""value-neutral"" subject of mathematics into a particular social context:"
in his first season, saban led the crimson tide to a disappointing 76 record, ending the regular season with 4 straight losses including an upset loss to louisiana-monroe.	in his first season, saban led the crimson tide to a 76 record, ending the regular season with 4 straight losses including an upset loss to louisiana-monroe.
the bettendorf-davenport assumption rivalry is one of the best-known in the conference, and football games pitting the two schools are always highly anticipated.	the bettendorf-davenport assumption rivalry is one of the best-known in the conference, and football games pitting the two schools are often highly anticipated.
after landing some effective illegal knees early in the fight, alexander lost the fight via arm triangle submission in the first round.	after landing some effective knees early in the fight, alexander lost the fight via arm triangle submission in the first round.
"he is a member of the mayors against illegal guns coalition, a bi-partisan anti-gun group with a stated goal of ""making the public safer by getting illegal guns off the streets."""	"he is a member of the mayors against illegal guns coalition, a bi-partisan group with a stated goal of ""making the public safer by getting illegal guns off the streets."""
"only lynn and rushton ""disputed the task force's conclusion that there is no direct evidence for a genetic interpretation of the blackwhite iq difference."""	"lynn and rushton ""disputed the task force's conclusion that there is no direct evidence for a genetic interpretation of the blackwhite iq difference."""
it is a very popular game animal.	it is a popular game animal.
this tuning is mostly used by jazz players, as the major tenth can be played easily without a position shift, but is increasingly used by classical players, notably the canadian bassist joel quarrington.	this tuning is mostly used by jazz players, as the major tenth can be played easily without a position shift, but is also used by classical players, notably the canadian bassist joel quarrington.
war of the worlds is a 2005 academy award-nominated science fiction film loosely based on h. g. wells' original novel of the same name.	war of the worlds is a 2005 academy award-nominated science fiction film based on h. g. wells' original novel of the same name.
among many traditional customs, respect (especially of one's elders) is very important.	among many traditional customs, respect (especially of one's elders) is important.
she is known for her extremely large natural breasts.	she is known for her large natural breasts.
jacobs suffered from alcoholism, and had a notoriously short fuse , which led to a decline in his fame and fortunes in the 1960s, although he did tour europe twice, in 1964 and 1967.	jacobs suffered from alcoholism, and had a notoriously short temper , which led to a decline in his fame and fortunes in the 1960s, although he did tour europe twice, in 1964 and 1967.
the area contains mineral water springs that were frequented by amerinds , possibly for thousands of years.	the area contains mineral water springs that were frequented by native americans indigenous to the area , possibly for thousands of years.
nick falco, in the popular tv drama series law & order.	nick falco, in the tv drama series law & order.
by 1521 he had backslid , and was again called before an ecclesiastical court set up by the new bishop, hardliner john longland, personal confessor to henry viii.	by 1521 he had returned to holding lollard belief , and was again called before an ecclesiastical court set up by the new bishop, hardliner john longland, personal confessor to henry viii.
as an aborigine, she is regarded as a role model for her still-disadvantaged people, and by many in the non-aboriginal community of a symbol of attempts at reconciliation with the aboriginal people.	as an aborigine, she is regarded as a role model for her people, and by many in the non-aboriginal community of a symbol of attempts at reconciliation with the aboriginal people.
joseph raymond mccarthy (november 14, 1908 may 2, 1957) served as a republican u.s. senator from the state of wisconsin from 1947 until his death in 1957. beginning in 1950, mccarthy became the most visible public face of a period of extreme anti-communist suspicion inspired by the tensions of the cold war.	joseph raymond mccarthy (november 14, 1908 may 2, 1957) served as a republican u.s. senator from the state of wisconsin from 1947 until his death in 1957. beginning in 1950, mccarthy became the most visible public face of a period of anti-communist suspicion inspired by the tensions of the cold war.
it dissolved in july 2013, and sections moved to anti-partyist positions, although there remain individual members of the usfi in italy.	it dissolved in july 2013, and sections moved to anti-partyist positions, although there remain individual members of the international in italy.
as numerous studies have shown, a literal reading of the highly anthropomorphic representation given to god in the hebrew bible no doubt led many in antiquity to mistakenly assume that the god possessed a human-like body, complete with a hand, fingers, and arms.	as numerous studies have shown, a literal reading of the highly anthropomorphic representation given to god in the hebrew bible no doubt led many in antiquity to assume that the god possessed a human-like body, complete with a hand, fingers, and arms.
but if b were in the second party instead of the first, he would defeat c for that party's nomination, and then would lose to a in the general election.	but if b were in the second party instead of the first, that candidate would defeat c for that party's nomination, and then would lose to a in the general election.
the briliant logo was designed for a modest fee of 400 000 pounds , which is around 800 thousand usd.	the logo was designed for a modest fee of 400 000 pounds , which is around 800 thousand usd.
what you see is almost what you get ( most text editing programs)	what you see is almost what you get ( used derisively in refering to text editing programs)
"in john lydon's autobiography, rotten: no irish, no blacks, no dogs, lydon incorrectly claimed that matlock worked on later sex pistols material (including their album never mind the bollocks, here's the sex pistols) as a paid session musician (jones played bass on the two songs recorded after matlock's departure, with vicious also contributing to the song ""bodies""), however matlock denied this in his own book, stating that all but two of the songs appearing on the album had already been recorded as singles or b-sides before his departure."	"in john lydon's autobiography, rotten: no irish, no blacks, no dogs, lydon claimed that matlock worked on later sex pistols material (including their album never mind the bollocks, here's the sex pistols) as a paid session musician (jones played bass on the two songs recorded after matlock's departure, with vicious also contributing to the song ""bodies""), however matlock denied this in his own book, stating that all but two of the songs appearing on the album had already been recorded as singles or b-sides before his departure."
from early 1971 he opposed, with increasing vehemence, heath's approach to northern ireland, the greatest breach with his party coming over the imposition of direct rule in 1972. he was a strong believer in the united kingdom, and he believed that it would survive only if the unionists strove to integrate completely with the united kingdom by abandoning the devolved rule that northern ireland had enjoyed until recently.	from early 1971 he opposed, with increasing vehemence, heath's approach to northern ireland, the greatest breach with his party coming over the imposition of direct rule in 1972. he was a strong believer in the united kingdom, and he believed that it would survive only if the unionists strove to integrate completely with the united kingdom by abandoning the devolved rule that northern ireland had exercised until recently.
due to the concern that boxing causes cte, there is a movement among medical professionals to ban the sport.	due to the concern that boxing may cause cte, there is a movement among medical professionals to ban the sport.
in the offseason before the 2018 season, dombrowski sent star outfielder jackie bradley jr, pitching prospect brian johnson and a prospect tba for christian yelich of the miami marlins, passing on possible free agent target jd martinez in order to keep the team younger and save money for the monster 2018/2019 offseason.	in the offseason before the 2018 season, dombrowski sent star outfielder jackie bradley jr, pitching prospect brian johnson and a prospect tba for christian yelich of the miami marlins, passing on possible free agent target jd martinez in order to keep the team younger and save money for the 2018/2019 offseason.
in more modern terms, stumptown is humorously used as portland's nickname for the city's lack of tall skyscrapers, the highest being only 546 feet.	in more modern terms, stumptown is jocularly used as portland's nickname for the city's lack of tall skyscrapers, the highest being only 546 feet.
according to the bbc, this image was misleadingly circulated by danish muslims to illustrate the anti-islam atmosphere which they lived under (what the muhammad cartoons portray).	according to the bbc, this image was circulated by danish muslims to illustrate the anti-islam atmosphere which they lived under (what the muhammad cartoons portray).
during her concession speech, mckinney praised marxist leaders in cuba and venezuela, and blamed the media and electronic voting machines for her defeat.	during her concession speech, mckinney praised leftist leaders in cuba and venezuela, and blamed the media and electronic voting machines for her defeat.
the launch of the airline followed a burst of air route survey in the british empire after the first world war, and after some experimental (and heroic ) long-distance flying to the margins of empire.	the launch of the airline followed a burst of air route survey in the british empire after the first world war, and after some experimental (and sometimes dangerous ) long-distance flying to the margins of empire.
conan of the red brotherhood is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan of the red brotherhood is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
"this ended disasterously when limbaugh got into a confrontation with act-up members protesting what they believed to be his anti-gay hate speech, such as ""aids updates"" that seemed to glory in the deaths of people with aids."	"this ended badly when limbaugh got into a confrontation with act-up members protesting what they believed to be his anti-gay hate speech, such as ""aids updates"" that seemed to glory in the deaths of people with aids."
however, the pilot can only afford to stay in afterburning for a short period, before his/her fuel reserves become dangerously low.	however, the pilot can only afford to stay in afterburning for a short period, before aircraft fuel reserves become dangerously low.
"jewish bolshevism, judeo-bolshevism, and judeo-communism (see also: ydokomuna) is a pejorative based on the notion that jews are the driving force behind the modern communist movement (often called ""bolshevism"" between the two world wars)."	"jewish bolshevism, judeo-bolshevism, and judeo-communism (see also: ydokomuna) is a theory based on the notion that jews are the driving force behind the modern communist movement (often called ""bolshevism"" between the two world wars)."
however, some species, tremella fuciformis for example, are not only edible but highly prized for use in soup and vegetable dishes.	however, some species, tremella fuciformis for example, are not only edible but prized for use in soup and vegetable dishes.
after passive protests by stateless persons (who are permanent residents of brunei but who hold an international certificate of identity passport not recognised by most countries) in the local newspaper, the government responded by allowing stateless persons to become citizens only if they sit for a written exam on their language proficiency in bahasa melayu (the local language).	after passive protests by stateless persons (who are permanent residents of brunei but who hold an international certificate of identity passport not recognised by most countries) in the local newspaper, the government responded by allowing stateless persons to become citizens if they sit for a written exam on their language proficiency in bahasa melayu (the local language).
it has maintained tight control on syria's security services, generating resentment among some sunni muslims, a sect that makes up about three-quarters of syria's population.	it has maintained tight control on syria's security services, generating resentment among some sunni muslims, a religious group that makes up about three-quarters of syria's population.
grant morrison is a scottish comic book writer known for his non-linear narratives and counter-cultural leanings and surely one of the most creative and inteligent writers ever to work in mainstream comics.	grant morrison is a scottish comic book writer known for his non-linear narratives and counter-cultural leanings and often acclaimed as one of the most creative and inteligent writers ever to work in mainstream comics.
the soviet union lacked an adversarial court procedure known to many common law jurisdictions, but rather utilized the roman law inquisitorial system, where judge, procurator, and defense attorney work collaboratively to establish the truth.	the soviet union did not have an adversarial court procedure known to many common law jurisdictions, but rather utilized the roman law inquisitorial system, where judge, procurator, and defense attorney work collaboratively to establish the truth.
this season is only 4 episodes long.	this season is 4 episodes long.
the forty martyrs of england and wales comprise a group of catholic men and women who were executed for treason and related offences in the kingdom of england between 1535 and 1679. many were convicted at show trials or even without a trial.	the forty martyrs of england and wales comprise a group of catholic men and women who were executed for treason and related offences in the kingdom of england between 1535 and 1679. many were convicted at show trials or without a trial.
skeptics, however, including heterodox catholics, have doubted the very existence of juan diego.	skeptics, however, including some catholics, have doubted the very existence of juan diego.
sometimes the name ty sn is used to refer to the leaders of this revolt (the ty sn brothers), sometimes it is used as the name of the war (the ty sn uprising) or it could also refer to the brothers' form of innovative governmental rule (the ty sn dynasty or nguyn ty sn dynasty).	sometimes the name ty sn is used to refer to the leaders of this revolt (the ty sn brothers), sometimes it is used as the name of the war (the ty sn uprising) or it could also refer to the brothers' form of new governmental rule (the ty sn dynasty or nguyn ty sn dynasty).
that was to be his final public appearance; seven days later on 24 february, at 6.36 am, he died at the age of just 51.	that was to be his final public appearance; seven days later on 24 february, at 6.36 am, he died at the age of 51.
holocaust denial refers to the claims of a marginal group of amateur and academic historians who argue that the holocaust, as known to history, is either highly exaggerated or otherwise completely falsified.	holocaust denial refers to the claims of a small group of amateur and academic historians who argue that the holocaust, as known to history, is either highly exaggerated or otherwise completely falsified.
he actively participated in protests against ernest bevin, the british foreign secretary who callously blocked emigration of nazi death camp survivors to the jewish homeland and opposed israel's independence in favor of creating a hashemite arab monarchy dependent on british power ( and a rival claimant to the saudi royal family for control of oil resources and the holy cities of mecca and medina ).	he actively participated in protests against ernest bevin, the british foreign secretary who blocked emigration of nazi death camp survivors to the jewish homeland and opposed israel's independence in favor of creating a hashemite arab monarchy dependent on british power ( and a rival claimant to the saudi royal family for control of oil resources and the holy cities of mecca and medina ).
satu mare county benefits from its position, close to the border of romania with hungary and ukraine, and it's one of the places which attracts major foreign investment in industry and agriculture.	satu mare county benefits from its position, close to the border of romania with hungary and ukraine, and it's one of the places which attracts foreign investment in industry and agriculture.
it features a wide variety of food and beverage products, including the famous cheesesteaks.	it features a wide variety of food and beverage products, including the cheesesteaks.
a leading technical university in kazakhstan.	a technical university in kazakhstan.
even if a political party maintains power, vociferous, headline grabbing protests and harsh criticism from the mass media are often enough to force sudden, unexpected political change.	even if a political party maintains power, vociferous, headline grabbing protests and harsh criticism from the popular media are often enough to force sudden, unexpected political change.
he is the first charlton player to win both awards in the same season since legendary defender richard rufus in 1995.	he is the first charlton player to win both awards in the same season since defender richard rufus in 1995.
the album is named after a song by legendary delta blues singer robert johnson.	the album is named after a song by delta blues singer robert johnson.
tatum reed born in bloomfield hills, mi is a porn star who created the stylish lifestyle porn portal i love popwhore.	tatum reed born in bloomfield hills, mi is a porn star who created the lifestyle porn portal i love popwhore.
moazzam begg (born 1968) is one of nine british radical islamists who were held at camp x-ray, guantanamo bay by the government of the united states of america.	moazzam begg (born 1968) is one of nine british islamists who were held at camp x-ray, guantanamo bay by the government of the united states of america.
he was arrested in nakhon ratchasima, in the isan region of northeast thailand, on october 19, 2007. thai police reportedly located the fugitive by means of a trace on the mobile phone of his 25-year-old thai boyfriend, identified by transvestites in the seedy beach town of pattaya.	he was arrested in nakhon ratchasima, in the isan region of northeast thailand, on october 19, 2007. thai police reportedly located the fugitive by means of a trace on the mobile phone of his 25-year-old thai boyfriend, identified by transvestites in the beach town of pattaya.
nevertheless, some fatal accidents resulted in product liability law suits brought against porsche in the us, where ralph nader had made his name slandering the superior rear engine-rear wheel drive layout of the chevrolet corvair.	nevertheless, some fatal accidents resulted in product liability law suits brought against porsche in the us, where ralph nader had made his name slandering the rear engine-rear wheel drive layout of the chevrolet corvair.
unfortunately the plinth was removed in 1779 when the significance of the monument was clouded.	the plinth was removed in 1779 when the significance of the monument was clouded.
david nyvall (jan. 19, 1863- feb. 6, 1946) was a swedish immigrant and church leader who helped shape the evangelical covenant church and establish north park university.	david nyvall (jan. 19, 1863- feb. 6, 1946) was a swedish migrant to the united states and church leader who helped shape the evangelical covenant church and establish north park university.
the theory of homeopathy was developed by the saxon physician samuel hahnemann (1755–1843) and first published in 1796. it has a wide popularity today but neither its empirical nor its theoretical foundation meets the minimum criteria of the scientific establishment.	the theory of homeopathy was developed by the saxon physician samuel hahnemann (1755–1843) and first published in 1796. it has a wide popularity today though detractors claim that neither its empirical nor its theoretical foundation meets the minimum criteria of the scientific establishment.
jewish groups have expressed outrage at peta for its ambiguous moral stance on suicide bombings against jews in the state of israel.	jewish groups have expressed outrage at peta for taking what they claim to be an ambiguous moral stance on suicide bombings against jews in the state of israel.
"today, the city has expanded to the east, but its original part still keeps the ""disarranged"", terrain-fitting street plan in the oldest part, built by the portuguese, contrasting nicely with the wider orthogonal calles in the spanish area."	"today, the city has expanded to the east, but its original part still keeps the ""disarranged"", terrain-fitting street plan in the oldest part, built by the portuguese, contrasting with the wider orthogonal calles in the spanish area."
despite these tensions, reed went on to appear in all of the subsequent brady reunion vehicles, including the much-ridiculed variety series.	despite these tensions, reed went on to appear in all of the subsequent brady reunion vehicles, including the critically panned variety series.
rock had produced every metallica album since 1991. metallica is currently working on a studio album with legendary producer rick rubin who has produced albums for other prominent metal bands such as system of a down, slipknot, slayer, and rage against the machine.	rock had produced every metallica album since 1991. metallica is currently working on a studio album with producer rick rubin who has produced albums for other prominent metal bands such as system of a down, slipknot, slayer, and rage against the machine.
james apologized to his tribemates for his brutish behavior at the previous tribal council.	james apologized to his tribemates for his behavior at the previous tribal council.
as ceo, became the largest and fastest growing media company serving the gay community .	as ceo, became the largest and fastest growing media company serving the gay demographic .
cyberspace dream keeps colliding with reality - a controversial light rail now article skeptical of prt.	cyberspace dream keeps colliding with reality - a light rail now article skeptical of prt.
warren buffett (b. august 30 1930, omaha, nebraska) is an american investor, businessman and philanthropist.	warren buffett (b. august 30 1930, omaha, nebraska) is an american investor, businessperson and philanthropist.
nichiren buddhism is an aggressive sect initiated by nichiren.	nichiren buddhism is an sect initiated by nichiren.
demands for change were formulated in terms of enlightenment ideals and caused the convocation of the estates-general in may 1789. the first year of the revolution saw members of the third estate taking control, the assault on the bastille in july, the passage of the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen in august, and a women's march on versailles that forced the royal court back to paris in october.	demands for change were formulated in terms of enlightenment ideals and contributed to the convocation of the estates-general in may 1789. the first year of the revolution saw members of the third estate taking control, the assault on the bastille in july, the passage of the declaration of the rights of man and of the citizen in august, and a women's march on versailles that forced the royal court back to paris in october.
in addition, on 16 june two protesters told the jerusalem post that palestinian hamas members were helping the iranian authorities crush street protests.	in addition, on 16 june two protesters told the jerusalem post that palestinian hamas members were helping the iranian authorities quell street protests.
"when memphis built its new convention center in the early 1970s, it was christened the ""everett r. cook convention center and auditorium."""	"when memphis built its new convention center in the early 1970s, it was named the ""everett r. cook convention center and auditorium."""
this issue would have been a central one among the jewish christians, a group that the gospel of matthew is widely believed to have been directed at, or written by, as the jewish christians would have been divided on the question.	this issue would have been a central one among the jewish christians, a group that the gospel of matthew is widely believed to have been directed at, or written by, as the jewish christians may have been divided on the question.
"in some games that star tux, a desire for more gender neutrality has resulted in them allowing you to play as either tux or his female friend ""gown""."	"in some games that star tux, a desire for more gender neutrality has resulted in them allowing the players to play as either tux or his female friend ""gown""."
alfred rosenberg (january 12, 1893–october 16, 1946) was a nazi ideologist and politician.	alfred rosenberg (january 12, 1893–october 16, 1946) was a nazi war criminal, propagandist and politician .
the contrived acronym messenger was chosen because mercury was the messenger of the gods according to roman mythology.	the acronym messenger was chosen because mercury was the messenger of the gods according to roman mythology.
while the goobi community edition is cooperatively maintained by major german libraries and digitization service providers, the intranda edition is only developed by a single company.	while the goobi community edition is cooperatively maintained by major german libraries and digitization service providers, the intranda edition is developed by a single company.
mass protests in east and south ukraine against the self-declared government in kiev	mass protests in east and south ukraine against the government in kiev
evolution, the theorised biological process by which genetically-determined traits change over successive generations.	evolution, the biological process by which genetically-determined traits change over successive generations.
"state television reported that the journalist was shot by ""armed terrorist groups."""	"state television reported that the journalist was targeted by ""armed terrorist groups."""
the day after teammate jose fernandez died tragically in a boating accident, gordon led off a game vs the mets with his first home run of the year.	the day after teammate jose fernandez died in a boating accident, gordon led off a game vs the mets with his first home run of the year.
annalise braakensiek, 46, australian model and tv actress (pizza).	annalise braakensiek, 46, australian model and tv actor (pizza).
shalom harlow (born december 5, 1973) is a canadian supermodel and actress.	shalom harlow (born december 5, 1973) is a canadian model and actress.
with lananeeneenoonoo (uk #3), a mock girl-group created by british female comedy duo french and saunders, with fellow comedinne kathy burke.	with lananeeneenoonoo (uk #3), a mock girl-group created by british female comedy duo french and saunders, with fellow comedian kathy burke.
annexed east jerusalem in red	east jerusalem in red
after the dissipation of the first coalition through the peace of travendal and the victory at narva, the swedish chancellor, benedict oxenstjerna, rightly regarded the universal bidding for the favor of sweden by france and the maritime powers, then on the eve of the war of the spanish succession, as a golden opportunity to end the war and make charles the arbiter of europe.	after the dissipation of the first coalition through the peace of travendal and the victory at narva, the swedish chancellor, benedict oxenstjerna, regarded the universal bidding for the favor of sweden by france and the maritime powers, then on the eve of the war of the spanish succession, as a golden opportunity to end the war and make charles the arbiter of europe.
other studies have explicitly found non-semantically processed stimuli to be more accurately processed by autistic patients than in healthy patients.	other studies have explicitly found non-semantically processed stimuli to be more accurately processed by autistic patients than in non-autistic patients.
it is a densely populated residential area for the lower class, consisting of several large public housing estates.	it is a densely populated residential area for the working class, consisting of several large public housing estates.
sir francis galton, frs (; 16 february 1822  17 january 1911) was an english victorian statistician, progressive, polymath, sociologist, psychologist, anthropologist, eugenicist, tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, and psychometrician.	sir francis galton, frs (; 16 february 1822  17 january 1911) was an english statistician, progressive, polymath, sociologist, psychologist, anthropologist, eugenicist, tropical explorer, geographer, inventor, meteorologist, proto-geneticist, and psychometrician.
muslims accept jesus as a prophet of islam; but do not believe that he was the son of god.	muslims views jesus as a prophet of islam; but do not believe that he was the son of god.
austria worked hard to block serbian access to the sea, for example by helping with the creation of albania in 1912. montenegro, serbia's only real ally, did have a small port, but austrian territory intervened, blocking access until serbia conquered novi pazar and part of macedonia from turkey in 1913. to the south, bulgaria blocked serbian access to the aegean sea.	austria worked hard to block serbian access to the sea, for example by helping with the creation of albania in 1912. montenegro, serbia's only real ally, did have a small port, but austrian territory intervened, blocking access until serbia acquired novi pazar and part of macedonia from turkey in 1913. to the south, bulgaria blocked serbian access to the aegean sea.
because of the overwhelming importance kraepelin attached to finding the neuropathological basis of psychiatric disorders, kraepelin made the generous decision that the disease would bear alzheimer's name.	because of the overwhelming importance kraepelin attached to finding the neuropathological basis of psychiatric disorders, kraepelin made the decision that the disease would bear alzheimer's name.
this banner was quietly dropped in september 2011.	this banner was dropped in september 2011.
the church possesses a fine pipe organ by father willis.	the church possesses a pipe organ by father willis .
eventually however he became recognized along with tsiolkovsky and oberth as one of the fathers of modern rocketry.	eventually however he became recognized along with tsiolkovsky and oberth as one of the parents of modern rocketry.
a secret history (or shadow history) is a revisionist interpretation of either fictional or real (or known) history which is claimed to have been deliberately suppressed, forgotten, or ignored by respectable scholars.	a secret history (or shadow history) is a revisionist interpretation of either fictional or real (or known) history which is claimed to have been deliberately suppressed, forgotten, or ignored by established scholars.
charlie mccreevy the minister for finance between 1997 and 2004 pursued good fiscal policies such as low taxation and managed to reduce the public debt dramatically over the boom years.	charlie mccreevy the minister for finance between 1997 and 2004 pursued fiscal policies such as low taxation and managed to reduce the public debt dramatically over the boom years.
"allen's ""vox graeca"" is refuted by chrys c. caragounis in ""the error of erasmus and un-greek pronunciations of greek"" which was published in filologia neotestamentaria 8 (1995), pp."	"allen's ""vox graeca"" is replied to by chrys c. caragounis in ""the error of erasmus and un-greek pronunciations of greek"" which was published in filologia neotestamentaria 8 (1995), pp."
one drawback to the super slow method is that scientific research clearly indicates that for a set of an exercise to produce gains in muscle mass and strength, 30-90 seconds is optimal.	one drawback to the super slow method is that scientific research indicates that for a set of an exercise to produce gains in muscle mass and strength, 30-90 seconds is optimal.
lawyer bryan becket (tim daly) moves into his late aunt's reputedly haunted victorian mansion after her passing .	lawyer bryan becket (tim daly) moves into his late aunt's reputedly haunted victorian mansion after her death .
even though african americans have long proudly stated that they are americans, during most of united states history the country did not accept them as full citizens.	even though african americans have long stated that they are americans, during most of united states history the country did not accept them as full citizens.
at the october 1998 election, the liberal-national coalition, suffered a large swing, largely driven by a scare campaign against the goods and services tax.	at the october 1998 election, the liberal-national coalition, suffered a large swing, largely driven by a campaign against the goods and services tax.
research highlights include the invention of atomic absorption spectroscopy, development of the first polymer banknote, invention of the insect repellant in aerogard, and the successful introduction of a series of biological controls into australia, such as the introduction of myxomatosis and rabbit calicivirus for control of rabbit populations.	research highlights include the invention of atomic absorption spectroscopy, development of the first polymer banknote, invention of the insect repellant in aerogard, and the introduction of a series of biological controls into australia, such as the introduction of myxomatosis and rabbit calicivirus for control of rabbit populations.
june 4, 1989 - tiananmen square massacre in beijing, people's republic of china	june 4, 1989 - tiananmen square incident in beijing, people's republic of china
"the reactionary ""union of the russian people"", known as the black hundreds, together with the okhranka, the tsarist secret police, blamed this liberalization on the ""international jewish conspiracy,"" and began a program of widely disseminating the ""protocols"" as a propaganda support for the wave of pogroms that swept russia in 1903–1906 and a tool to deflect attention from social activism."	"the reactionary ""union of the russian people"", known as the black hundreds, together with the okhranka, the tsarist secret police, blamed this liberalization on the ""international jewish conspiracy,"" and began a program of disseminating the ""protocols"" as a propaganda support for the wave of pogroms that swept russia in 1903–1906 and a tool to deflect attention from social activism."
3d printers are an environmental hazard due to them emitting microscopic particles and chemicals that have been linked to asthma.	3d printers have been noted to be an environmental hazard due to them emitting microscopic particles and chemicals that have been linked to asthma.
awas under the new act will now only have to meet 5 minimum standards.	awas under the new act will now have to meet 5 minimum standards.
"aside from winning in venice, her universally acclaimed performance in stephen frears' ""the queen"" has won her the 2006 best actress awards from the new york critics, la critics, national board of film review, satellite awards, southeastern film critics, women film critics, afro american film critics, and other film critics awards from toronto, boston, chicago, san francisco, dallas fort worth, las vegas, washington dc, san diego, phoenix, kansas city, utah, oklahoma and florida."	"aside from winning in venice, her acclaimed performance in stephen frears' ""the queen"" has won her the 2006 best actress awards from the new york critics, la critics, national board of film review, satellite awards, southeastern film critics, women film critics, afro american film critics, and other film critics awards from toronto, boston, chicago, san francisco, dallas fort worth, las vegas, washington dc, san diego, phoenix, kansas city, utah, oklahoma and florida."
anita garvin (19071994), american actress and comedienne	anita garvin (19071994), american actress and comedian
the controversial new freedom commission on mental health was established by u.s. president george w. bush in april 2002 to conduct a comprehensive study of the u.s. mental health service delivery system and make recommendations based on its findings.	the new freedom commission on mental health was established by u.s. president george w. bush in april 2002 to conduct a comprehensive study of the u.s. mental health service delivery system and make recommendations based on its findings.
many of united states presidential candidate mitt romney's past and present political positions are visible through his actions, proposals, and statements made during his massachusetts political campaigns and as governor of massachusetts, 2003-2007. during the later years of his term and the start of his presidential bid, he supposedly flip-flopped some of his positions, particularly those on abortion.	many of united states presidential candidate mitt romney's past and present political positions are visible through his actions, proposals, and statements made during his massachusetts political campaigns and as governor of massachusetts, 2003-2007. during the later years of his term and the start of his presidential bid, he supposedly changed some of his positions, particularly those on abortion.
holmes (ask dr. holmes) which was broadcast twice weekly in teysi ng tahanan, a daytime talk-show primarily hosted by veteran comedienne and impersonator tessie tomas.	holmes (ask dr. holmes) which was broadcast twice weekly in teysi ng tahanan, a daytime talk-show primarily hosted by veteran comedian and impersonator tessie tomas.
off of (preposition) off (very common in speech, although objected to by some; substandard , chiefly dialectal in uk)	off of (preposition) off (very common in speech, although objected to by some; non-standard , chiefly dialectal in uk)
drummond's report and additional distorted information from other officials led buchanan to appoint alfred cumming as the new governor.	drummond's report and additional information from other officials led buchanan to appoint alfred cumming as the new governor.
kaganovich was born in 1893 to ethnically jewish parents in the village of kabany, radomyshl uyezd, kiev guberniya, russian empire (now in ukraine).	kaganovich was born in 1893 to jewish parents in the village of kabany, radomyshl uyezd, kiev guberniya, russian empire (now in ukraine).
among spohr's chamber music is a series of no fewer than 36 string quartets, as well as four uninteresting double quartets for two string quartets.	among spohr's chamber music is a series of no fewer than 36 string quartets, as well as four double quartets for two string quartets.
in microsoft office 2007, the infamous office assistants have been completely removed because of the much improved help system.	in microsoft office 2007, the office assistants have been completely removed because of the much improved help system.
nagin gained international recognition in 2005 for his handling of hurricane katrina, which devastated the new orleans area.	nagin gained international attention in 2005 for his handling of hurricane katrina, which devastated the new orleans area.
his comics reflect his experiences music is a common theme in both, and though he claims that juliette of 9 chickweed lane best reflects him, amos appears to be the mary-sue character who mirrors his experience by studying at juilliard.	his comics reflect his experiences music is a common theme in both, and though he claims that juliette of 9 chickweed lane best reflects him, amos appears to be the character who mirrors his experience by studying at juilliard.
art installations often use several rooms within the museum, such as uli eignes stunning exhibition a visit to freuds.	art installations often use several rooms within the museum, such as uli eignes notable exhibition a visit to freuds .
in a broader sense of the word, protestantism is the collective name for numerous heresies , of western european origin, that broke with the roman catholic church as a result of the influence of martin luther, founder of the lutheran churches, and john calvin, founder of the calvinist movement.	in a broader sense of the word, protestantism is the collective name for numerous denominations , of western european origin, that broke with the roman catholic church as a result of the influence of martin luther, founder of the lutheran churches, and john calvin, founder of the calvinist movement.
ellen cleghorne, american comedienne and actress	ellen cleghorne, american comedian and actress
"it was in that year that alyssa alano joined the group, but after becoming a viral sensation (with her performance and diction mishap of the song ""kiss me""), she pursued a solo career as a comedienne outside the management of viva entertainment."	"it was in that year that alyssa alano joined the group, but after becoming a viral sensation (with her performance and diction mishap of the song ""kiss me""), she pursued a solo career as a comedian outside the management of viva entertainment."
"hayes' tragic story was immortalized in a song, ""the ballad of ira hayes"", by peter lafarge."	"hayes' story was immortalized in a song, ""the ballad of ira hayes"", by peter lafarge."
queen size, a size of pantyhose for obese women	queen size, a size of pantyhose for women
the tenth amendment center, an organization seeking to promote the original concept of state sovereignty, has gathered information on various actions taken by state legislatures in protest to current federal actions.	the tenth amendment center, an organization seeking to promote the concept of state sovereignty, has gathered information on various actions taken by state legislatures in protest to current federal actions.
shatru is a 1986 box office decent hit film starring superstar rajesh khanna in the lead in a role playing the role of an inspector in a remote village.the film was a indo bangladesh venture and the music was given by r.d.burman.the lead actress shabana sidhique was from bangladesh .the film had box office collection of 85,00,000 in 1986.	shatru is a 1986 box office decent hit film starring rajesh khanna in the lead in a role playing the role of an inspector in a remote village.the film was a indo bangladesh venture and the music was given by r.d.burman.the lead actress shabana sidhique was from bangladesh .the film had box office collection of 85,00,000 in 1986.
lake oroville is a large man-made reservoir created by oroville dam in central northern california in the foothills of the sierra nevada.	lake oroville is a large artificial reservoir created by oroville dam in central northern california in the foothills of the sierra nevada.
in 2007, the shackleton foundation was founded to honor the legacy of ernest shackleton by supporting inspirational leaders who exemplify his indomitable spirit and strive to make a positive difference to the world.	in 2007, the shackleton foundation was founded to honor the legacy of ernest shackleton by supporting inspirational leaders who exemplify his spirit and strive to make a positive difference to the world.
president niyazov's book of so-called spiritual writings, the ruhnama, is imposed on all religious communities.	president niyazov's book of spiritual writings, the ruhnama, is imposed on all religious communities.
robert kraft is an award-winning american songwriter, film music composer, recording artist and record producer.	robert kraft is an american songwriter, film music composer, recording artist and record producer.
the centre's director general mark abbott was later sacked for knowingly signing the original contract.	the centre's director general mark abbott was later fired for knowingly signing the original contract.
file:the elt's future home.webm|these incredible drone visuals from gerhard hdepohl show the future location of the e-elt against the tranquil backdrop of the barren chilean desert, as of september 2016.	file:the elt's future home.webm|these drone visuals from gerhard hdepohl show the future location of the e-elt against the tranquil backdrop of the barren chilean desert, as of september 2016.
) (circa 1937 — march 22, 2004) was the co-founder and leader of the palestinian terrorist organization hamas until he was killed by an israeli helicopter gunship.	) (circa 1937 — march 22, 2004) was the co-founder and leader of the palestinian islamist militant organization hamas until he was killed by an israeli helicopter gunship.
reid was born in searchlight, nevada, the son of a miner in the hardscrabble camp 50 miles southeast of las vegas.	reid was born in searchlight, nevada, the son of a miner in the camp 50 miles southeast of las vegas.
"also in 2002 claypool collaborated with virtuoso guitarist buckethead, parliament-funkadelic/talking heads keyboardist bernie worrell, and former primus drummer bryan mantia under the name colonel claypool's bucket of bernie brains (""c2b3"" which is to be said ""c squared, b cubed"")."	"also in 2002 claypool collaborated with guitarist buckethead, parliament-funkadelic/talking heads keyboardist bernie worrell, and former primus drummer bryan mantia under the name colonel claypool's bucket of bernie brains (""c2b3"" which is to be said ""c squared, b cubed"")."
frank raymond leavis (1895-1978) was an irritating british literary critic of the early-to-mid-twentieth century.	frank raymond leavis (1895-1978) was an influential british literary critic of the early-to-mid-twentieth century.
probably his best-remembered television role is that of alcock in the bbc's 1980 adaptation of to serve them all my days.	one of his best-remembered television role is that of alcock in the bbc's 1980 adaptation of to serve them all my days.
following welsh cup final defeat to shrewsbury town, wrexham took on portuguese giants fc porto in the 198485 european cup winners' cup (shrewsbury as an english club could not represent wales in european competition).	following welsh cup final defeat to shrewsbury town, wrexham took on portuguese club fc porto in the 198485 european cup winners' cup (shrewsbury as an english club could not represent wales in european competition).
however, there is a slight controversy about the origin of the name that is widely believed among korean and japanese historians and linguists.	however, there is a slight controversy about the origin of the name that is believed among korean and japanese historians and linguists.
"the content of its uncut shows, which during the 2005 series was said by some conservatives to border on pornography, with graphic depictions of masturbation (the girls used a hose in the sauna to ""get themselves off""), constant nudity, and mistaken allegations that one male housemate rubbing his penis on a female housemate's hair."	"the content of its uncut shows, which during the 2005 series was said by some commentators to border on pornography, with graphic depictions of masturbation (the girls used a hose in the sauna to ""get themselves off""), constant nudity, and mistaken allegations that one male housemate rubbing his penis on a female housemate's hair."
roger daltrey recorded a raunchier version on his solo effort one of the boys.	roger daltrey recorded a raunchier version on his solo album one of the boys.
the official portal of this organisation has been ordered to be blocked by the ministry of telecommunications of the government of india on july 13, 2006.	the official portal of this organisation is among seventeen that have been ordered to be blocked by the ministry of telecommunications of the government of india on july 13, 2006.
examples given by her included the portrayal of rico as her partner, instead of a normal looking male or female consort.	examples given by her included the portrayal of rico as her partner, instead of a conventional- looking male or female consort.
it has also produced research that shows that the extra spending on public services between 2000 and 2006 has not shifted the trend performance of those services.	it has also produced research that claims to show that the extra spending on public services between 2000 and 2006 has not shifted the trend performance of those services.
first published in the united states in 1951, the novel remains problematic to this day for its liberal profanity and portrayal of sexuality and teenage angst; it was the thirteenth most frequently challenged book of the 1990s according to the american library association.	first published in the united states in 1951, the novel remains contraversial to this day for its liberal profanity and portrayal of sexuality and teenage angst; it was the thirteenth most frequently challenged book of the 1990s according to the american library association.
in 1123 the crusaders built the church of our lady of tortosa upon this miracle .	in 1123 the crusaders built the church of our lady of tortosa upon this site .
"the play is often recounted with kgo radio announcer joe starkey's hysterical call of the play, which he hailed as ""the most amazing, sensational, traumatic, heartrending, exciting, thrilling finish in the history of college football!"""	"the play is often recounted with kgo radio announcer joe starkey's emotional call of the play, which he hailed as ""the most amazing, sensational, traumatic, heartrending, exciting, thrilling finish in the history of college football!"""
the authority of the state of texas is restricted explicity to what is in the state constitution, there is no necessary-and-proper clause to facilitate controversial statutes .	the authority of the state of texas is restricted explicity to what is in the state constitution, there is no necessary-and-proper clause to facilitate controversial legislation .
faber was a fervent supporter of congregational singing and wrote his hymns in an age when english roman catholics did not necessarily feel comfortable singing the hymns of their protestant neighbors.	faber was a supporter of congregational singing and wrote his hymns in an age when english roman catholics did not necessarily feel comfortable singing the hymns of their protestant neighbors.
bhuvneshwar kumar belongs to the veer gurjar community of western uttar pradesh and was born on 5 february 1990 to kiran pal singh and indresh in bulandshahr, uttar pradesh.	bhuvneshwar kumar belongs to the gurjar community of western uttar pradesh and was born on 5 february 1990 to kiran pal singh and indresh in bulandshahr, uttar pradesh.
the local muslims are strangely ambivalent in their attitude towards thai buddhism, which is seen as a relatively prestigious religion, certainly preferable to atheism, and more obviously an organised community faith than that of the kelantan chinese.	the local muslims are ambivalent in their attitude towards thai buddhism, which is seen as a relatively prestigious religion, certainly preferable to atheism, and more obviously an organised community faith than that of the kelantan chinese.
tad s. murty(or murthy) is an indian-canadian ex- oceanographer and expert on tsunamis.	tad s. murty(or murthy) is an indian-canadian oceanographer and expert on tsunamis.
mitch valdez - comedienne and stage performer	mitch valdez - comedian and stage performer
as a teenager, she was signed by columbia records and made some recordings, none of which were important .	as a teenager, she was signed by columbia records and made some recordings, none of which were successful .
in 1961, liebeling published the earl of louisiana, originally published as a series of articles in the new yorker in which he covered the trials and tribulations of the governor of louisiana, earl k. long, the younger brother of the martyred louisiana politician huey long.	in 1961, liebeling published the earl of louisiana, originally published as a series of articles in the new yorker in which he covered the trials and tribulations of the governor of louisiana, earl k. long, the younger brother of the louisiana politician huey long.
in 2002 the united states allegedly supported a coup in venezuela against president hugo chvez, despite chvez having allegedly been elected by popular vote in two consecutive elections.	in 2002 the united states allegedly supported a coup in venezuela against president hugo chvez, despite chvez having been elected by popular vote in two consecutive elections.
"many modern recordings of the battle hymn of the republic wrongly use the lyric ""as he died to make men holy, let us live to make men free"" as opposed to the lyric originally written by julia ward howe: ""let us die to make men free""."	"many modern recordings of the battle hymn of the republic use the lyric ""as he died to make men holy, let us live to make men free"" as opposed to the lyric originally written by julia ward howe: ""let us die to make men free""."
the site has become so increasingly popular recently that many mainstream music groups have pages on the site, but it has not been that popular as a web space for celebrities, probably due to the fact that the site is filled with fake celebrity profiles created by many of the fans.	the site has become so increasingly popular recently that many mainstream music groups have pages on the site, but it has not been that popular as a web space for celebrities, possibly due to the fact that the site is filled with fake celebrity profiles created by many of the fans.
it is almost on the m6 motorway, but sadly there is no access to hackthorpe from the m6.	it is almost on the m6 motorway, but there is no access to hackthorpe from the m6.
in 2010 he was tragically killed when he was struck by an automobile while walking home from work in ufa, russia.	in 2010 he was killed when he was struck by an automobile while walking home from work in ufa, russia.
in about 1100, the counts of louvain and brussels left the bottom of the valley of the zenne and built their castle on the heights of coudenberg from where they could dominate the small city.	in about 1100, the counts of leuven and brussels left the bottom of the valley of the zenne and built their castle on the heights of coudenberg from where they could dominate the small city.
he has a permanent display at the high museum of art in atlanta and his paradise gardens is still open to the public almost ten years after his passing .	he has a permanent display at the high museum of art in atlanta and his paradise gardens is still open to the public almost ten years after his death .
he achieved three top twenty hits between june 1957 and may 1958.	he had three top twenty hits between june 1957 and may 1958.
however, the 1900 summer olympics were already planned for paris and, barring the so-called intercalated games of 1906, the olympics did not return to greece until the 2004 summer olympics.	however, the 1900 summer olympics were already planned for paris and, barring the intercalated games of 1906, the olympics did not return to greece until the 2004 summer olympics.
prior to a ceremony in june 2005 when it was renamed for iu's beloved former president and chancellor, this building was simply called the main library.	prior to a ceremony in june 2005 when it was renamed for iu's former president and chancellor, this building was simply called the main library.
"in contradiction to many catholics' claims that it marked the beginning of a ""new springtime"" for the church, critics see the council as a major cause of the tremendous decline in vocations, the erosion of catholic belief, and the loss of influence of the church in the western world."	"in contradiction to many catholics' claims that it marked the beginning of a ""new springtime"" for the church, critics see the council as a major cause of the decline in vocations, the erosion of catholic belief, and the loss of influence of the church in the western world."
when blackpool won the football league trophy at the millennium stadium in cardiff on 21 march, southern was surprisngly left out of the squad by steve mcmahon who chose his son, stephen ahead of him.	when blackpool won the football league trophy at the millennium stadium in cardiff on 21 march, southern was left out of the squad by steve mcmahon who chose his son, stephen ahead of him.
"flannery was named australian of the year for his contributions to the environment and sustainability practices in a ceremony at parliament house on 25 january 2007. after his acceptance he spoke about the howard government's failure to sign the kyoto protocol ""we've not been part of kyoto, we've cost the global enterprise time, and time is critical"", ""we have wasted at least a decade in dealing with this problem."""	"flannery was named australian of the year for his contributions to the environment and sustainability practices in a ceremony at parliament house on 25 january 2007. after his acceptance he spoke about the howard government's decision not to sign the kyoto protocol ""we've not been part of kyoto, we've cost the global enterprise time, and time is critical"", ""we have wasted at least a decade in dealing with this problem."""
a rescue lifeboat is a boat rescue craft which is used to attend a vessel in distress, or its survivors, to rescue crewmen and passengers.	a rescue lifeboat is a boat rescue craft which is used to attend a vessel in distress, or its survivors, to rescue crew and passengers.
he was, among other things, the inventor of game theory, a cold war strategist, and chairman of the icbm committee until his untimely death in 1957.	he was, among other things, the inventor of game theory, a cold war strategist, and chairman of the icbm committee until his death in 1957.
a successful movie version of hair, with a screenplay by michael weller, was directed by milo forman and released in 1979. filmed primarily in new york city's central park and washington square park, the cast includes treat williams, beverly d'angelo, john savage, foley and golden.	a movie version of hair, with a screenplay by michael weller, was directed by milo forman and released in 1979. filmed primarily in new york city's central park and washington square park, the cast includes treat williams, beverly d'angelo, john savage, foley and golden.
when chandra first proposed this limit during his fellowship at trinity college in the 1930s, it was obstinately opposed by arthur eddington and much to chandra's frustration none of the established physicists in europe came to his rescue.	when chandra first proposed this limit during his fellowship at trinity college in the 1930s, it was opposed by arthur eddington and much to chandra's frustration none of the established physicists in europe came to his rescue.
the current dieback in the american west may have roots in the excessively strict fire suppression policy in the united states.	the current dieback in the american west may have roots in the strict fire suppression policy in the united states.
the pontiac grand prix is an outstanding automobile produced by the pontiac division of general motors.	the pontiac grand prix is an automobile produced by the pontiac division of general motors.
in association football, castlerea celtic are the 2006 ruby oil roscommon and district premier league and cup champions, having achieved the double for the first time since 1979. there has been a big increase in the popularity of soccer in the town in recent years.	in association football, castlerea celtic are the 2006 ruby oil roscommon and district premier league and cup champions, having achieved the double for the first time since 1979. there has been a large increase in the popularity of soccer in the town in recent years.
"the repeal of the fcc ""fairness doctrine"" in 1987which had required that stations provide free air time for responses to any controversial opinions that were broadcastprovided an opportunity for a kind of flatly partisan programming that had not previously existed."	"the repeal of the fcc ""fairness doctrine"" in 1987which had required that stations provide free air time for responses to any controversial opinions that were broadcastprovided an opportunity for a kind of partisan programming that had not previously existed."
all instruments were performed by frey except the iconic saxophone part played by studio musician bill bergman, as well as the drum track by frey's long-time drummer, michael huey.	all instruments were performed by frey except the saxophone part played by studio musician bill bergman, as well as the drum track by frey's long-time drummer, michael huey.
noah benjamin lennox (born july 17, 1978), better known by his moniker panda bear, is an american musician, songwriter, and co-founding member of the experimental pop band animal collective.	noah benjamin lennox (born july 17, 1978), also known by his moniker panda bear, is an american musician, songwriter, and co-founding member of the experimental pop band animal collective.
he did however give a few more interviews in his life, each of which helped to contribute insight into his convoluted thinking patterns.	he did however give a few more interviews in his life, each of which helped to contribute insight into his thinking patterns.
the son of legendary cork hurler, senie o'leary, toms played gaelic football and hurling as a youngster.	the son of cork hurler, senie o'leary, toms played gaelic football and hurling as a youngster.
in 2003, mandela made some brilliant speeches, attacking the foreign policy of the george w. bush administration, going so far as calling bush a racist for not following the un and its secretary-general kofi annan (who is african) on the issue of the war in iraq.	in 2003, mandela made some controversial speeches, attacking the foreign policy of the george w. bush administration, going so far as calling bush a racist for not following the un and its secretary-general kofi annan (who is african) on the issue of the war in iraq.
although a huge improvement from the 2005 batch is not expected, the school has put in place programmes such as the enhanced study programme (esp) alongside enrichments such as learning styles and resiliency courses to aid weaker students aside from maintaining the school's performance excellence.	although a huge improvement from the 2005 cohort is not expected, the school has put in place programmes such as the enhanced study programme (esp) alongside enrichments such as learning styles and resiliency courses to aid weaker students aside from maintaining the school's performance excellence.
middle swan is the birthplace of overrated test cricketer simon katich	middle swan is the birthplace of test cricketer simon katich
the design of educational buildings of the mid-late 20th century often had a similar approach, with with a common result being buildings that were impersonal and factory-like in organization and appearance.	the design of educational buildings of the mid-late 20th century often had a similar approach, with a common result being buildings that were impersonal and factory-like in organization and appearance.
the narrative concerns her brother's suicide and the death of her ex-fiance, notorious chicago-born gq editor michael vermeulen.	the narrative concerns her brother's suicide and the death of her ex-fiance, chicago-born gq editor michael vermeulen.
paul a. bov (born 1949, philadelphia) is distinguished professor of english at the university of pittsburgh and editor of boundary 2, published by duke university press.	paul a. bov (born 1949, philadelphia) is a professor of english at the university of pittsburgh and editor of boundary 2, published by duke university press.
hutton gibson (born august 26, 1918) is the anti-semitic father of actor mel gibson and a writer on religion.	hutton gibson (born august 26, 1918) is the father of actor mel gibson and a writer on religion.
"atlantis (, ""island of atlas"") is the name of a fictional island mentioned within an allegory on the hubris of nations in plato's works timaeus and critias, where it represents the antagonist naval power that besieges ""ancient athens"", the pseudo-historic embodiment of plato's ideal state (see the republic)."	"atlantis (, ""island of atlas"") is the name of a supposedly legendary island mentioned within an allegory on the hubris of nations in plato's works timaeus and critias, where it represents the antagonist naval power that besieges ""ancient athens"", the pseudo-historic embodiment of plato's ideal state (see the republic)."
moldavia ( moldavian : moldova ) was a mediaeval principality in europe, corresponding to the territory between eastern carpathians and dnister river.	moldavia ( romanian : moldova) was a mediaeval principality in europe, corresponding to the territory between eastern carpathians and dnister river.
"in 2009, legendary detroit rapper eminem shot his short film ""where have you been?"""	"in 2009, detroit rapper eminem shot his short film ""where have you been?"""
the cominform also had its official organ, the inelegantly-named weekly newspaper for a lasting peace, for a people's democracy, which closely paralleled the earlier comintern magazine in function if not form.	the cominform also had its official organ, the weekly newspaper for a lasting peace, for a people's democracy, which closely paralleled the earlier comintern magazine in function if not form.
evidence that it was not a zionist slogan	assertions that it was not a zionist slogan
michael quattlebaum jr., better known by his stage name mykki blanco, is an american rapper, performance artist, and poet.	michael quattlebaum jr., better known by hir stage name mykki blanco, is an american rapper, performance artist, and poet.
unfortunately , no technology correctly implements the rfcs in full.	however , no technology correctly implements the rfcs in full.
anti- copyright refers to the complete or partial opposition to prevalent copyright laws.	opposition to copyright refers to the complete or partial opposition to prevalent copyright laws.
the memories of their cruel disposession were retained in their names by which they knew themselves and their enemies.	the memories of their disposession were retained in their names by which they knew themselves and their enemies.
until relatively recently google arrogantly rejected icmp packets, but as of 2005 it does accept them.	until relatively recently google rejected icmp packets, but as of 2005 it does accept them.
robertson is universally regarded as one of the greatest players in nba history, a triple threat who could score inside, outside and also was a stellar playmaker.	robertson is regarded as one of the greatest players in nba history, a triple threat who could score inside, outside and also was a stellar playmaker.
the report also identifies a number of american anti-semites, holocaust deniers, and conspiracy theorists who have been given a platform by press tv to spread their hateful messages.	the report also identifies a number of american anti-semites, holocaust deniers, and conspiracy theorists who have been given a platform by press tv to spread their messages.
this was confirmed by the correspondent of the petit parisien at zmir in a dispatch on 20 september 1922.	this was also stated by the correspondent of the petit parisien at zmir in a dispatch on 20 september 1922.
many stoner rock bands can often play one song for up to 20 minutes with incredible variation in emotion, speed and genre.	many stoner rock bands can often play one song for up to 20 minutes with great variation in emotion, speed and genre.
on the contrary, some experts fear the creation of a 'new iran' in egypt if islamists, like the so-far relatively idle muslim brotherhood, were to successfully fill the resulting power vacuum.	on the contrary, some experts are concerned about the creation of a 'new iran' in egypt if islamists, like the so-far relatively idle muslim brotherhood, were to successfully fill the resulting power vacuum.
innocent bystanders , activists, police officers, neighborhood residents and journalists were caught in the violence that night.	bystanders , activists, police officers, neighborhood residents and journalists were caught in the violence that night.
"nicoletta ""nicky"" di marco is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by carly hillman."	"nicoletta ""nicky"" di marco is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by carly hillman."
"a united states senate report reveals that osama bin laden was ""within grasp"" of the united states army in tora bora in december 2001."	"a united states senate report states that osama bin laden was ""within grasp"" of the united states army in tora bora in december 2001."
librettist and adapter of foreign operettas	librettist and adapter of french operettas
the song features two key changes half way through - a popular trick of modern day pop songs - and parodies this style perfectly by starting out in a flat major, moving up to b flat major, and then quickly up to b major.	the song features two key changes half way through - a popular trick of modern day pop songs - and parodies this style by starting out in a flat major, moving up to b flat major, and then quickly up to b major.
a boilermaker is a trained craftsman who produces steel fabrications from plates and tubes.	a boilermaker is a trained craftsperson who produces steel fabrications from plates and tubes.
the energy policy of india is largely defined by the country's burgeoning energy deficit and increased focus on developing alternative sources of energy, particularly nuclear, solar and wind energy.	the energy policy of india is largely defined by the country's expanding energy deficit and increased focus on developing alternative sources of energy, particularly nuclear, solar and wind energy.
in addition to his prolific non-fiction writing, schweizer has co-authored two novels with former secretary of defense caspar weinberger.	in addition to his non-fiction writing, schweizer has co-authored two novels with former secretary of defense caspar weinberger.
murderers of the empress took a pose in front of hanseong sinbo building in seoul, korea.	alleged killers of the empress took a pose in front of hanseong sinbo building in seoul, korea.
role in the marikana massacre	role in the marikana killings
the tricorn centre was a famed brutalist shopping, apartment, nightclub and car park complex in portsmouth, hampshire, england.	the tricorn centre was a brutalist shopping, apartment, nightclub and car park complex in portsmouth, hampshire, england.
lucille dsire ball (august 6, 1911 – april 26, 1989) was an american comedienne, film, television, stage and radio actress, model, film executive, and star of the landmark sitcoms i love lucy, the lucy-desi comedy hour, the lucy show and here's lucy.	lucille dsire ball (august 6, 1911 – april 26, 1989) was an american comedienne, film, television, stage and radio actress, model, film executive, and star of the sitcoms i love lucy, the lucy-desi comedy hour, the lucy show and here's lucy.
munster eventually won the game 19-10 to set up a semi-final against arch rivals leinster, which they won convincingly, 30-6. they would return to the millennium stadium for the final against biarritz which they won 23-19 to become european champions for the first time.	munster eventually won the game 19-10 to set up a semi-final against rivals leinster, which they won convincingly, 30-6. they would return to the millennium stadium for the final against biarritz which they won 23-19 to become european champions for the first time.
"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was wrongfully convicted of murder and later freed via a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."	"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was convicted of murder and later freed via a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."
"it should, however also be mentioned that the term ""european americans"" is sometimes wrongly used as a synonym for white americans."	"it should, however also be mentioned that the term ""european americans"" is sometimes used as a synonym for white americans."
martial law was declared in 1824 leading to the extermination of a large number of the wiradjuri people.	martial law was declared in 1824 leading to the killing of a large number of the wiradjuri people.
the result is that svetlana khorkina still would have lost the all-around by a tragically close 0.026 of a point.	the result is that svetlana khorkina still would have lost the all-around by a very close 0.026 of a point.
young's legendary 1968 sg has t top pickups.	young's 1968 sg has t top pickups.
divine truth is a controversial spiritual or new religious movement based in australia.	divine truth is a spiritual or new religious movement based in australia.
the short initials of spongebob squarepants, a popular american animated television series and media franchise by nickelodeon.	the short initials of spongebob squarepants, a american animated television series and media franchise by nickelodeon.
the pamunkeys have been able to survive because of their remarkable ability to adapt as a tribe.	the pamunkeys have been able to survive because of their ability to adapt as a tribe.
great men who never married	notable men who never married
this article summarizes some of the reasoned criticisms of objectivism, without taking a position on the validity of either objectivism or the criticisms.	this article summarizes some of the criticisms of objectivism, without taking a position on the validity of either objectivism or the criticisms.
warren steed jeffs (born december 3, 1955, in san francisco, california) was the notorious leader of a controversial mormon fundamentalist polygynist sect known as the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints (flds church) from 2002 to 2007. jeffs' position in this organization was reportedly that of absolute ruler.	warren steed jeffs (born december 3, 1955, in san francisco, california) was the leader of a controversial mormon fundamentalist polygynist sect known as the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints (flds church) from 2002 to 2007. jeffs' position in this organization was reportedly that of absolute ruler.
saucy sylvia canadian-born entertainer, pianist, comedienne , humorist	saucy sylvia canadian-born entertainer, pianist, comedian , humorist
despite the smog problems, the city has made tremendous efforts to reduce pollution by incorporating additional means of mass transit (metrolink) and equipping its entire fleet of buses with natural gas.	despite the smog problems, the city has made efforts to reduce pollution by incorporating additional means of mass transit (metrolink) and equipping its entire fleet of buses with natural gas.
ernesto lecuona (august 7, 1896 - november 29, 1963) was a cuban composer and performer, undoubtedly the greatest and most legendary cuban musician of his time.	ernesto lecuona (august 7, 1896 - november 29, 1963) was a cuban composer and performer, perhaps the greatest and most legendary cuban musician of his time.
the comments mocked the bush administration and the white house press corps, and subsequently generated significant controversy.	the comments were about the bush administration and the white house press corps, and subsequently generated significant controversy.
it forms part of the realm of new zealand, although new zealand's claim is held in abeyance under the terms of the antarctic treaty.	it is claimed as part of the realm of new zealand, although new zealand's claim is held in abeyance under the terms of the antarctic treaty.
avatar is a 2009 american-british science fiction film written and directed by james cameron, and starring sam worthington, zo saldaa, sigourney weaver and stephen lang.	avatar is a 2009 science fiction film written and directed by james cameron, and starring sam worthington, zo saldaa, sigourney weaver and stephen lang.
due to his outstanding performance as cabinet spokesman, lin was appointed director of the government information office (gio) by president chen shui-bian following his reelection in 2004. in january 2005, lin authorized a gio program encouraging donations to provide financial support for orphans of the 2004 indian ocean tsunami.	due to his performance as cabinet spokesman, lin was appointed director of the government information office (gio) by president chen shui-bian following his reelection in 2004. in january 2005, lin authorized a gio program encouraging donations to provide financial support for orphans of the 2004 indian ocean tsunami.
the power station is expected to concentrate the sun by 500 times onto the solar cells for ultra high power output.	the power station is expected to concentrate the sun by 500 times onto the solar cells for high power output.
kahla is a bitch town in the saale-holzland district, in thuringia, germany.	kahla is a town in the saale-holzland district, in thuringia, germany.
they have been monitored by the indonesian military for stockpiling weapons and flying the nationalist flag in public places.	they have been monitored by the indonesian military for stockpiling weapons and flying the rms flag in public places.
gangotri, a famous cow that lived at bhaktivedanta manor, was killed by the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals in december 2007. the killing of gangotri is a current issue for the hindus of england and has led to protest concerning the treatment of cattle in the united kingdom.	gangotri, a famous cow that lived at bhaktivedanta manor, was put down by the royal society for the prevention of cruelty to animals in december 2007. the killing of gangotri is a current issue for the hindus of england and has led to protest concerning the treatment of cattle in the united kingdom.
in the different states reconstruction began and ended at different times; federal reconstruction finally ended with the compromise of 1877. in recent decades most historians follow foner (1988) in dating the reconstruction of the south as starting in 1863 (with emancipation) rather than 1865; the usual ending has always been 1877. reconstruction policies were debated in the north when the war began, and commenced in earnest after lincoln's emancipation proclamation, issued on january 1, 1863.	in the different states reconstruction began and ended at different times; federal reconstruction ended with the compromise of 1877. in recent decades most historians follow foner (1988) in dating the reconstruction of the south as starting in 1863 (with emancipation) rather than 1865; the usual ending has always been 1877. reconstruction policies were debated in the north when the war began, and commenced in earnest after lincoln's emancipation proclamation, issued on january 1, 1863.
"melanie jane ""mel"" owen (ne healy; previously beale) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tamzin outhwaite."	"melanie jane ""mel"" owen (ne healy; previously beale) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tamzin outhwaite."
the rebel media (often stylized as therebel.media) is a far-right canadian online political and social commentary media platform founded in february 2015 by former sun news network host ezra levant.	the rebel media (often stylized as therebel.media) is a conservative canadian online political and social commentary media platform founded in february 2015 by former sun news network host ezra levant.
g4, the british popera quartet, famously performed as buskers during their college days.	g4, the british popera quartet, performed as buskers during their college days.
"rashi, the paramount biblical commentator, explains this as referring to ""monetary payment, varying according to the one who caused humiliation and the one who suffered it."""	"rashi, the biblical commentator, explains this as referring to ""monetary payment, varying according to the one who caused humiliation and the one who suffered it."""
peebles is a united states chain of upscale department stores owned by stage stores, inc. and headquartered in houston, texas.	peebles is a united states chain of department stores owned by stage stores, inc. and headquartered in houston, texas.
smiley smile is an infamous album by the beach boys, issued in 1967. released in the place of the much-touted smile, smiley smile is widely considered to be under-produced, and it was received with indifference and confusion upon its unveiling.	smiley smile is an album by the beach boys, issued in 1967. released in the place of the much-touted smile, smiley smile is widely considered to be under-produced, and it was received with indifference and confusion upon its unveiling.
cy twombly executed an intense version of leda and the swan in 1962. it is in the collection of the museum of modern art, new york.	cy twombly executed an abstract version of leda and the swan in 1962. it is in the collection of the museum of modern art, new york.
it has been coined as a racial category to describe the distinctive appearance of east asian peoples.	it has been coined as a racial category to describe the appearance of east asian peoples.
as a respected hittitologist, professor gary beckman also wrote an article on hittite chronology in akkadica 119-120 (2000) while he served as an editor of the 2003 book 'hittite studies in honor of harry a. hoffner, jr: on the occasion of his 65th birthday ' beckman also composed a book review on trevor bryce's influential book, the kingdom of the hittites in bryn mawr.	as a hittitologist, professor gary beckman also wrote an article on hittite chronology in akkadica 119-120 (2000) while he served as an editor of the 2003 book 'hittite studies in honor of harry a. hoffner, jr: on the occasion of his 65th birthday ' beckman also composed a book review on trevor bryce's influential book, the kingdom of the hittites in bryn mawr.
most british, however, turned back from the nation after its freedom .	most british, however, turned back from the nation after its independence .
"he died peacefully on 21 august 2018 at the age of 43. his wife stated that ""per stefan's wishes, there will be no funeral."	"he died on 21 august 2018 at the age of 43. his wife stated that ""per stefan's wishes, there will be no funeral."
the pzpr' two allied parties broke their long-standing alliance, forcing jaruzelski to appoint solidarity's tadeusz mazowiecki as the country's first non- stalinist prime minister since 1948. jaruzelski resigned as poland's president in 1990, being succeeded by wasa in december.	the pzpr' two allied parties broke their long-standing alliance, forcing jaruzelski to appoint solidarity's tadeusz mazowiecki as the country's first non- communist prime minister since 1948. jaruzelski resigned as poland's president in 1990, being succeeded by wasa in december.
mixed martial artist randy couture used the song as entrance music for his bout against brandon vera at ufc 105. legendary ufc heavyweight antonio rodrigo nogueira came out to puff daddy's version of kashmir for his ufc 134 fight against up and comer brendan schaub.	mixed martial artist randy couture used the song as entrance music for his bout against brandon vera at ufc 105. the ufc heavyweight antonio rodrigo nogueira came out to puff daddy's version of kashmir for his ufc 134 fight against up and comer brendan schaub.
one significant change never happened thankfully .	one significant change never happened.
the first promotion was held in sheffield on 20 september 2008, and broadcast 4 live bouts which included the two-time british champion ryan rhodes defending his light-middleweight belt against gutsy scotsman jamie coyle.	the first promotion was held in sheffield on 20 september 2008, and broadcast 4 live bouts which included the two-time british champion ryan rhodes defending his light-middleweight belt against scotsman jamie coyle.
eric j. lerner (born may 31, 1947) is an american fringe scientist , popular science author, independent plasma researcher, and president of lawrenceville plasma physics, inc. he wrote the 1991 book the big bang never happened, which advocates hannes alfvn's plasma cosmology instead of the big bang theory.	eric j. lerner (born may 31, 1947) is an american scientist, popular science author, independent plasma researcher, and president of lawrenceville plasma physics, inc. he wrote the 1991 book the big bang never happened, which advocates hannes alfvn's plasma cosmology instead of the big bang theory.
the most apparent commercial decision was the singer's return to his stage name having disastrously chosen to be been credited under his birth name, noel scott engel for the first time on his previous album scott 4.	the most apparent commercial decision was the singer's return to his stage name having chosen to be been credited under his birth name, noel scott engel for the first time on his previous album scott 4.
bjp spokesman prakash javadekar alleged that the congress state government deliberately delayed taking any action when the attacks on north indians began in mumbai.	bjp spokesperson prakash javadekar alleged that the congress state government deliberately delayed taking any action when the attacks on north indians began in mumbai.
alex gordon - current vanderbilt basketball superstar	alex gordon - current vanderbilt basketball player
the yawuru people are the rightful native title holders of the western australian town of broome, including pockets of land in and around the townsite and two pastoral stations.	the yawuru people are the native title holders of the western australian town of broome, including pockets of land in and around the townsite and two pastoral stations.
alex grey, a vajrayana practitioner and celebrated artist, employs the symbolism of these rich confluent traditions.	alex grey, a vajrayana practitioner and artist, employs the symbolism of these rich confluent traditions.
"he demonstrated ""a startling example of statistical chicanery from figures of road fatalities issued by the bureaucrats to justify a massive investment in these devices, following a trial introduction in 2000"" ""they claim a 'huge' reduction of 49 fatalities between 1999 and 2000 when the cameras were introduced."	"he asserted that a government report on the topic was ""a startling example of statistical chicanery from figures of road fatalities issued by the bureaucrats to justify a massive investment in these devices, following a trial introduction in 2000"" ""they claim a 'huge' reduction of 49 fatalities between 1999 and 2000 when the cameras were introduced."
jens bjrneboea, a grade school mentor said nerdrum even at that age exhibited tendencies of innate talent, industry, and impatience with those with less abilities than himself.	jens bjrneboea, a grade school mentor said nerdrum even at that age exhibited tendencies of innate talent, industry, but also impatience with those with less abilities than himself.
st. john's continually finishes at or near the top of their conference in football, and their legendary coach john gagliardi has been with the program for 54 years.	st. john's continually finishes at or near the top of their conference in football, and their coach john gagliardi has been with the program for 54 years.
roger joseph boscovich (, , , ; 18 may 1711  13 february 1787) was a croatian physicist, astronomer, mathematician, philosopher, diplomat, poet, theologian, jesuit priest, and a polymath from the city of dubrovnik (modern-day croatia), who studied and lived in italy and france where he also published many of his works.	roger joseph boscovich (, , , ; 18 may 1711  13 february 1787) was a ragusan physicist, astronomer, mathematician, philosopher, diplomat, poet, theologian, jesuit priest, and a polymath from the city of dubrovnik (modern-day croatia), who studied and lived in italy and france where he also published many of his works.
the church has maintained good relations with the remainder of the malankara syrian church.	the church has tried to maintain good relations with the remainder of the malankara syrian church.
this scam is used in the csi episode no more bets.	this scheme is used in the csi episode no more bets.
simon was drafted in the 2nd round (25th overall) of the 1990 nhl entry draft by the philadelphia flyers, but was traded as part of the infamous eric lindros deal to the quebec nordiques before playing any games for the flyers.	simon was drafted in the 2nd round (25th overall) of the 1990 nhl entry draft by the philadelphia flyers, but was traded as part of the eric lindros deal to the quebec nordiques before playing any games for the flyers.
gray's trim, shapely figure, augmented by an tight one piece jumpsuit, was unsurprisingly popular with the shows predominately young male audience.	gray's trim, shapely figure, augmented by an tight one piece jumpsuit, was popular with the shows predominately young male audience.
however, most scholars believe that neither sermon really took place but were conflations created by matthew and luke to frame the primary teachings of jesus recorded in the q document.	however, a number of scholars believe that neither sermon really took place but were conflations created by matthew and luke to frame the primary teachings of jesus recorded in the q document.
although considered a federal candidate for his party, it wisely declined to invite the author, lecturer and maverick to stand for election.	although considered a federal candidate for his party, it declined to invite the author, lecturer and maverick to stand for election.
after 1948 arabisraeli war, the village was occupied by jordan.	after 1948 palestine war, the village was occupied by jordan.
ujjwala raut (born june 11, 1978) is an indian supermodel	ujjwala raut (born june 11, 1978) is an indian model .
starting with $75,000 in 1959 this was increased gradually to $3 million in 1987. this substantial amount reflected the party's subservience to the moscow line, in contrast to the italian and later spanish and british communist parties, whose eurocommunism deviated from the orthodox line in the late 1970s.	starting with $75,000 in 1959 this was increased gradually to $3 million in 1987. this substantial amount reflected the party's loyalty to the moscow line, in contrast to the italian and later spanish and british communist parties, whose eurocommunism deviated from the orthodox line in the late 1970s.
intent on blitzing montana most of the game, atlanta's porous defense allowed montana to throw for a career-best 476 yards (49ers single-game record) and six touchdown passes, five of them to jerry rice.	intent on blitzing montana most of the game, atlanta's defense allowed montana to throw for a career-best 476 yards (49ers single-game record) and six touchdown passes, five of them to jerry rice.
scotland's oldest man until his passing on 13 august 2009, 109 year old bob taggart was a lifelong rutherglen resident.	scotland's oldest man until his death on 13 august 2009, 109 year old bob taggart was a lifelong rutherglen resident.
wie turned professional shortly before her 16th birthday in 2005, accompanied by an enormous amount of hype and endorsements.	wie turned professional shortly before her 16th birthday in 2005, accompanied by an enormous amount of publicity and endorsements.
another major method of pre-emptive neutralization is interrogation of known or suspected terrorists to obtain information about specific plots, targets, the identity of other terrorists, and whether or not the interrogation subjects himself is guilty of terrorist involvement.	another major method of pre-emptive neutralization is interrogation of known or suspected terrorists to obtain information about specific plots, targets, the identity of other terrorists, whether or not the interrogation subjects himself is guilty of terrorist involvement.
drew rosenhaus - national football league super- agent.	drew rosenhaus - national football league agent.
until her performance in monster, theron was best known for conventional supporting roles that a woman of her beauty gets (such as in the italian job and the cider house rules), so it can be said that her performance as the repulsive, derranged, tragic aileen was unexpected.	until her performance in monster, theron was best known for conventional supporting roles that a woman of her looks typically gets (such as in the italian job and the cider house rules), so it can be said that her performance as the repulsive, derranged, tragic aileen was unexpected.
sir francis drake, vice adm, (c.1540 – january 28, 1596) was an english pirate, privateer, navigator, naval pioneer and raider, politician, and civil engineer of the elizabethan period.	sir francis drake, vice adm, (c.1540 – january 28, 1596) was an english , privateer, navigator, naval pioneer and raider, politician, and civil engineer of the elizabethan period.
in january 2008, a comprehensive analysis by the national taxpayers union found that mccain's presidential campaign proposals would increase the federal budget by $6.9 billion.	in january 2008, a comprehensive analysis by the national taxpayers union believed that mccain's presidential campaign proposals would increase the federal budget by $6.9 billion.
"the dozens is a custom derived from the rich oral tradition in african american culture in which two acquaintances go head to head in a meeting of often ribald ""trash-talk""."	"the dozens is a custom derived from the oral tradition in african american culture in which two acquaintances go head to head in a meeting of often ribald ""trash-talk""."
the great hall continues to serve as an important metropolitan art space, hosting lectures and performances by key figures such as joseph campbell, steve reich, salman rushdie, ralph nader, hamza yusuf, richard stallman, rudolph giuliani, pema chodron, michael bloomberg, evo morales, and venezuelan dictator hugo chvez.	the great hall continues to serve as an important metropolitan art space, hosting lectures and performances by key figures such as joseph campbell, steve reich, salman rushdie, ralph nader, hamza yusuf, richard stallman, rudolph giuliani, pema chodron, michael bloomberg, evo morales, and venezuelan president hugo chvez.
"li lists ""homosexuality, licentious desires"" in one stanza in his poem the worlds ten evils (a direct translation from chinese):"	"li mentions ""homosexuality, licentious desires"" in one stanza in his poem the worlds ten evils (a direct translation from chinese):"
professor rudolf simek confirms that it is not a coincidence if the early viking activity occurred during the reign of charlemagne.	professor rudolf simek believes that it is not a coincidence if the early viking activity occurred during the reign of charlemagne.
new london is primarily a farming community with its neatly manicured fields and gently rolling hills providing breathtaking pastoral scenery.	new london is primarily a farming community with its neatly manicured fields and gently rolling hills providing pastoral scenery.
the film's extraordinary sets in which loudon was depicted as a modernistic white-tiled city were devised by derek jarman.	the film's sets in which loudon was depicted as a modernistic white-tiled city were devised by derek jarman.
the speech and debate teams most recent prestigious successes include:	the speech and debate teams most recent successes include:
sadly , only vernon baker was still alive.. a similar study of asian americans in 1998 resulted in president clinton awarding 21 new medals of honor in 2000, including 20 to japanese american members of the 442nd regimental combat team (one of whom was senator daniel inouye).	of these , only vernon baker was still alive.. a similar study of asian americans in 1998 resulted in president clinton awarding 21 new medals of honor in 2000, including 20 to japanese american members of the 442nd regimental combat team (one of whom was senator daniel inouye).
barbara torres (actress/ comedienne )	barbara torres (actress/ comedian )
"on july 18, 2003, the us government's justice department used the incident to charge the entire greenpeace organisation under an obscure 1872 law against ""sailormongering"", which had last been used in 1890. invocation of this law to prosecute peaceful protesters generated worldwide protest."	"on july 18, 2003, the us government's justice department used the incident to charge the entire greenpeace organisation under an obscure 1872 law against ""sailormongering"", which had last been used in 1890. invocation of this law to prosecute non-violent protesters generated worldwide protest."
their feudone of the wwf's most popular of the 1980scarried on for more than a year, thanks to the feral steele's continued crush on elizabeth.	their feud wasone of the wwf's most popular of the 1980scarried on for more than a year, thanks to the feral steele's continued crush on elizabeth.
scott lee peterson (born october 24, 1972 in san diego, california – c. 2007) is a former fertilizer salesman convicted in a high-profile california double murder case.	scott lee peterson (born october 24, 1972 in san diego, california – c. 2007) is a former agriculture chemical salesman convicted in a high-profile california double murder case.
"lavinia ellen ""vinnie"" ream hoxie (september 25, 1847 november 20, 1914) was an american sculptress ."	"lavinia ellen ""vinnie"" ream hoxie (september 25, 1847 november 20, 1914) was an american sculptor ."
caroline dean obe frs is a distinguished british plant scientist working at the john innes centre.	caroline dean obe frs is a british plant scientist working at the john innes centre.
greene (adama) and jefferson (boomer) were the only major cast members of the original series to return, with richard hatch and dirk benedict wisely refusing to return after reading the initial scripts.	greene (adama) and jefferson (boomer) were the only major cast members of the original series to return, with richard hatch and dirk benedict both refusing to return after reading the initial scripts.
the pyramid is named after lieutenant henry lidgbird ball, who discovered it in 1788. on the same voyage, ball also discovered lord howe island.	the pyramid is named after lieutenant henry lidgbird ball, who reported discovering it in 1788. on the same voyage, ball also discovered lord howe island.
the province contends that dec approved the new high school.	the province states that dec approved the new high school.
many people avoid using gimp, because of missing features:	some people avoid using gimp, because of missing features:
while his friend and dealer william macbeth (18511917) had died in 1917, dougherty's long relationship with macbeth galleries continued through his rotund son, robert wilson macbeth who took over the gallery upon his father's passing .	while his friend and dealer william macbeth (18511917) had died in 1917, dougherty's long relationship with macbeth galleries continued through his rotund son, robert wilson macbeth who took over the gallery upon his father's death .
"judge victoria sharp also found ""reasonable and serious grounds"" for suspecting that el naschie used a range of false names to defend his editorial practice in communications with nature, and described this behavior as ""curious"" and even ""bizarre""."	"judge victoria sharp also found ""reasonable and serious grounds"" for suspecting that el naschie used a range of false names to defend his editorial practice in communications with nature, and described this behavior as ""curious"" and ""bizarre""."
sales tax rates have skyrocketed from 5% (the typical pre-prop 13 level) to 8% and beyond.	sales tax rates have increased from 5% (the typical pre-prop 13 level) to 8% and beyond.
channel 4 swearing ad warning: this clip includes vulgar language and may not be appropriate for children under 16 years of age.	channel 4 swearing ad warning: this strong includes vulgar language and may not be appropriate for children under 16 years of age.
"after his victory and death, legislation was quickly passed to prevent convicted prisoners serving sentences of more than one year from standing for parliament in the uk, so his agent owen carron stood as an ""anti-h-block proxy political prisoner"" and won the seat in the subsequent by-election."	"after his victory and death, legislation was passed to prevent convicted prisoners serving sentences of more than one year from standing for parliament in the uk, so his agent owen carron stood as an ""anti-h-block proxy political prisoner"" and won the seat in the subsequent by-election."
battle of little bighorn ressources	battle of little bighorn pro-custer website
the full-length novels were not published until 2010, 15 years after her passing .	the full-length novels were not published until 2010, 15 years after her death .
groups currently participating in other than marxist-leninist movements, but closely related to communism, like anarcho-communist and jucheist traditions are not included in the listing.	groups currently participating in other than marxist-leninist movements, but related to communism, like anarcho-communist and jucheist traditions are not included in the listing.
, of which us-style libertarianism may be considered an extreme example.	, of which us-style libertarianism may be considered an example.
the 2015 netflix television series making a murderer documents the arrests and trials of manitowoc county resident steven avery, with a focus on the misconduct of the manitowoc county sheriff's department and district attorney's office.	the 2015 netflix television series making a murderer documents the arrests and trials of manitowoc county resident steven avery, with a focus on the procedures of the manitowoc county sheriff's department and district attorney's office.
john rhodes was the first person to seriously investigate and publicly present claims of reptilian-humanoid sightings and/or contact.	john rhodes claims to be the first person to seriously investigate and publicly present claims of reptilian-humanoid sightings and/or contact.
malvinas war is occasionally used by radical left-wing activists.	malvinas war is occasionally used by left-wing activists.
many upscale fashion clothing flagship stores are located here, being also recognized as having the highest concentration of western shops in tokyo.	many upscale fashion clothing flagship stores are located here, being also recognized as having the highest concentration of international shops in tokyo.
australia went on to win their 4th consecutive world cup (and their 7th overall) after defeating host nation england 16-8 in the final in front of 66,540 fans at london's famous wembley stadium.	australia went on to win their 4th consecutive world cup (and their 7th overall) after defeating host nation england 16-8 in the final in front of 66,540 fans at london's wembley stadium.
maha sinnathamby renowned property developer and is the man behind australia's largest real estate project.	maha sinnathamby property developer and is the man behind australia's largest real estate project.
"in earthly powers, german, or perhaps its sound to an unlearned ear, is beautifully described as ""a glottal fishboneclearing soulful sobbing sausagemachine of a language""."	"in earthly powers, german, or perhaps its sound to an unlearned ear, is described as ""a glottal fishboneclearing soulful sobbing sausagemachine of a language""."
alt=photograph of a snowbank in ashland, wisconsin.| excessive amounts of snow can accumulate over the long, cold winters.	alt=photograph of a snowbank in ashland, wisconsin.| large amounts of snow can accumulate over the long, cold winters.
"the ""south armagh republican action force"" retaliated the next day by shooting dead ten protestant men in the so-called kingsmill massacre."	"the ""south armagh republican action force"" retaliated the next day by shooting dead ten protestant men in the kingsmill massacre."
"after passing the california senate, senate bill 822 was amended by state assemblyman miguel santiago in june of 2018. sb-822 would restore obama-era rules that the republican-controlled federal communications commission rolled back in december 2017. his amendments removed all provisions of the bill's net neutrality rules that exceeded those previously established by barack obama in 2015, prompting the bill's original sponsor, assemblyman scott wiener, to declare that his bill had been ""hijacked"" and that he was ""not interested in passing a bill that is watered down so severely."""	"after passing the california senate, senate bill 822 was amended by state assemblyman miguel santiago in june of 2018. sb-822 would restore obama-era rules that the republican-controlled federal communications commission rolled back in december 2017. santiago's amendments removed all provisions of the bill's net neutrality rules that exceeded those previously established by barack obama in 2015, prompting the bill's original sponsor, assemblyman scott wiener, to declare that his bill had been ""hijacked"" and that he was ""not interested in passing a bill that is watered down so severely."""
"a camera trick to emulate a steadicam inexpensively was the ""shaky cam"", which involved mounting the camera to a piece of wood and having two camera -men sprint around the swamp."	"a camera trick to emulate a steadicam inexpensively was the ""shaky cam"", which involved mounting the camera to a piece of wood and having two camera operators sprint around the swamp."
he was an ardent supporter of the invasion of iraq.	he was earlier and ardent supporter of the invasion of iraq.
aboard the star forge, revan faced off against sexy bastila once again.	aboard the star forge, revan faced off against bastila once again.
the first ad was a strong attack, but not much worse than ads aired by the liberals or the reform party attacking the conservatives and their record.	the first ad was a strong attack, but not much harsher than ads aired by the liberals or the reform party attacking the conservatives and their record.
after the retreat of the german armed forces, the soviets re-established the annexation of lithuania in 1944. it followed with massive deportations of trouble-making citizens to siberia, complete nationalisation and collectivisation and general sovietization of everyday life.	after the retreat of the german armed forces, the soviets re-established the annexation of lithuania in 1944. it followed with massive deportations of citizens to siberia, complete nationalisation and collectivisation and general sovietization of everyday life.
unita received heavy backing from the united states and the the apartheid government in south africa.	unita received heavy backing from the united states and the the government in south africa.
during his reign, the empire expanded southward and greek revolts in the northwest were crushed .	during his reign, the empire expanded southward and greek revolts in the northwest were suppressed .
"during the entire month of march in 2010, ""no me queda ms"" and a few other selena music videos were selected for a selena tribute for her fifteenth anniversary of her passing to 42 million homes nationwide on music choice on demand."	"during the entire month of march in 2010, ""no me queda ms"" and a few other selena music videos were selected for a selena tribute for her fifteenth anniversary of her death to 42 million homes nationwide on music choice on demand."
this fine tradition of educating young women began with the orders founder, st. madeleine sophie, and has been continued by a long line of dedicated sisters and lay persons here in japan.	this tradition of educating young women began with the orders founder, st. madeleine sophie, and has been continued by a long line of dedicated sisters and lay persons here in japan.
argentina and brazil refused to join the alliance, as they were embroiled in a war against paraguay.	argentina and brazil refused to join the alliance, as they were embroiled in a war with paraguay.
some lucky participants paid one of the organisers, thus becoming the first commercial bungee jumpers.	some participants paid one of the organisers, thus becoming the first commercial bungee jumpers.
"after the tragic death of thomas kelly in 2012, nsw parliament introduced the ""one-punch-law"" into the system."	"after the death of thomas kelly in 2012, nsw parliament introduced the ""one-punch-law"" into the system."
sportstar is a popular weekly sports magazine published in india by the publishers of the hindu.	sportstar is a weekly sports magazine published in india by the publishers of the hindu.
this ready availability is historically recent and corresponds to a reduced interest in traditional religion and the promulgation by occultists of the perception of the occult as a broad term for an alternative to traditional religious belief.	this ready availability is historically recent and corresponds to a reduced interest in traditional religion and the promulgation by occultists of the perception of the occult as a broad term for an alternative to religious belief.
she received a well-deserved 'touchdown' from mark holden.	she received a 'touchdown' from mark holden.
shepard's body was recovered by cerberus, a rogue human agency who had been keeping tabs on shepard for his actions in mass effect.	shepard's body was recovered by cerberus, a rogue human agency who had been keeping tabs on shepard for the commander's actions in mass effect.
until east jerusalem was occupied by israel in the six-day war, israelis would climb to the rooftop of david's tomb to pray.	until east jerusalem was captured by israel in the six-day war, israelis would climb to the rooftop of david's tomb to pray.
jak & daxter is a successful video game franchise originally developed by naughty dog for the playstation 2. currently, five games in the series have been released, with jak as the primary playable character in all except daxter for the psp.	jak & daxter is a video game franchise originally developed by naughty dog for the playstation 2. currently, five games in the series have been released, with jak as the primary playable character in all except daxter for the psp.
tal won the argument, but his refusal to follow the illegal order as a practical matter eliminated the chances of his being nominated for the position of chief of staff to succeed general elazar.	tal won the argument, but his refusal to follow the order as a practical matter eliminated the chances of his being nominated for the position of chief of staff to succeed general elazar.
exquisite gold embroidery on the gognots (apron) of a 19th-century armenian bridal dress from akhaltsikhe.	gold embroidery on the gognots (apron) of a 19th-century armenian bridal dress from akhaltsikhe.
since the september 11th atrocities in new york, the united kingdom has been assessed as a high risk country due to its support of the united states both in its invasion of afghanistan and iraq.	since the september 11th attacks in new york, the united kingdom has been assessed as a high risk country due to its support of the united states both in its invasion of afghanistan and iraq.
peter pilz, an austrian politician and former spokesman of the austrian green party, has alleged ahmadinejad possibly had a hand in international assassinations ordered by the iranian government against political opposition groups , including a 1989 assasination of exiled kurdish leader abdolrahman ghassemlou and two of his associates in vienna.	peter pilz, a jewish austrian politician and former spokesman of the austrian green party, has alleged ahmadinejad possibly had a hand in international assassinations ordered by the iranian government against political opposition groups , including a 1989 assasination of exiled kurdish leader abdolrahman ghassemlou and two of his associates in vienna.
the music is extremely complex and non-standard.	the music is complex and non-standard.
during his later years camacho's life was plagued with drug and legal issues.	during his later years camacho's life was troubled with drug and legal issues.
driven by fate, vianne drifts into a tranquil french village with her daughter anouk (victoire thivisol, from ponette) in the winter of 1959. her newly opened chocolatrie is a source of attraction and fear, since vianne's ability to revive the villagers' passions threatens to disrupt their repressive traditions.	driven by fate, vianne drifts into a tranquil french village with her daughter anouk (victoire thivisol, from ponette) in the winter of 1959. her newly opened chocolatrie is a source of attraction and fear, since vianne's ability to revive the villagers' passions threatens to disrupt their traditions.
critics of the church have noted that a variety of linguistic anachronisms exist in the book of mormon which cast doubt upon its historical authenticity.	critics of the church have claimed that a variety of linguistic anachronisms exist in the book of mormon which cast doubt upon its historical authenticity.
eugenics is a pseudoscience which advocates the improvement of human hereditary traits through various forms of intervention .	eugenics is a social philosophy which advocates the improvement of human hereditary traits through various forms of intervention .
additionally, her stellar performance in a close match against dominika cibulkova at wimbledon won her the grand slam match of the year award.	additionally, her performance in a close match against dominika cibulkova at wimbledon won her the grand slam match of the year award.
the drug has also been implicated in several other deaths nationwide .	the drug has also been implicated in several other deaths in the united states .
some vocal fans stated that a prequel to such a well-known and continuity-tight franchise should simply not have been attempted.	some fans stated that a prequel to such a well-known and continuity-tight franchise should simply not have been attempted.
edgar died painfully he deserved it	jesus died painfully he deserved it
"in the latter, davies finds historical israel only in archaeological remains, biblical israel only in scripture, and recent reconstructions of ""ancient israel"" are an unacceptable amalgam of the two."	"in the latter, davies finds historical israel only in archaeological remains, biblical israel only in scripture, and recent reconstructions of ""ancient israel"" to be an unacceptable amalgam of the two."
in serge groussard's the blood of israel, issa was misidentified as mohammed safady, one of the munich terrorists who actually survived the frstenfeldbruck gunfight.	in serge groussard's the blood of israel, issa was misidentified as mohammed safady, one of the munich gunmen who actually survived the frstenfeldbruck gunfight.
sophia antipolis is a leading european technology park.	sophia antipolis is a european technology park.
however, the abuse of the drug in western society during the mid-twentieth century led to a political firestorm that resulted in the banning of the substance.	however, the emerging recreational use of the drug in western society during the mid-twentieth century led to a political firestorm that resulted in the banning of the substance.
she has also graced the covers of magazines such as latina and shape, and appeared in vogue (paris) and maxim.	she has also been pictured on the covers of magazines such as latina and shape, and appeared in vogue (paris) and maxim.
lawrence eugene david born july 2, 1947 is an american emmy-winning actor, writer, comedian, producer and film director.	lawrence eugene david born july 2, 1947 is an american actor, writer, comedian, producer and film director.
marcia yockey was a legendary local weather caster in evansville, indiana.	marcia yockey was a local weather caster in evansville, indiana.
panzer battles was especially instrumental in forming the misconceptions that warped the u.s. view of eastern front military operations up to the late 1990s, when soviet archival sources became available to western and russian historians.	panzer battles was instrumental in forming the misconceptions that warped the u.s. view of eastern front military operations up to the late 1990s, when soviet archival sources became available to western and russian historians.
after a prolonged campaign in the 2008 democratic party presidential primary against rival hillary rodham clinton, he won his party's nomination as a candidate for president, becoming the first major african american candidate for president.	after a close campaign in the 2008 democratic party presidential primary against rival hillary rodham clinton, he won his party's nomination as a candidate for president, becoming the first major african american candidate for president.
murray cumming (of gtkmm fame) produced these brilliant autotools cheat sheets.	murray cumming (of gtkmm fame) produced these autotools cheat sheets.
the district is notable for its innovative attempts at desegregation.	the district is notable for its attempts at desegregation.
kemalist ideology, also known as kemalism and six arrows, is based on atatrk's six great principles (in turkish altı ok) while founding the modern turkish republic.	kemalist ideology, also known as kemalism and six arrows, is based on atatrk's six principles (in turkish altı ok) while founding the modern turkish republic.
internet explorer (any version) on windows xp or internet explorer 6 or worse	internet explorer (any version) on windows xp or internet explorer 6 or earlier
"his sisters elsie and doris waters were well-known comediennes who usually performed as ""gert and daisy""."	"his sisters elsie and doris waters were well-known comedians who usually performed as ""gert and daisy""."
it achieved this miraculously short timescale under the management of bill synes, who - as a member of bill lowe's taskforce - later did much the same for the ibm pc.	it achieved this short timescale under the management of bill synes, who - as a member of bill lowe's taskforce - later did much the same for the ibm pc.
"underwood found significant surprises in his family history when both sides of his parental lineage were explored for the nbc program, ""who do you think you are?,"" broadcast on feb. 24, 2012."	"underwood found surprises in his family history when both sides of his parental lineage were explored for the nbc program, ""who do you think you are?,"" broadcast on feb. 24, 2012."
various neo-creationist groups purport to run scientific enterprises that conduct legitimate scientific research.	various neo-creationist groups claim to run scientific enterprises that conduct legitimate scientific research.
lincoln mentioned this proposition in his famous gettysburg address.	lincoln mentioned this proposition in his gettysburg address.
chelsea brummet, who played the young lorelai, is only 5 feet 4 inches tall.	chelsea brummet, who played the young lorelai, is 5 feet 4 inches tall.
there is no contradiction in the policy of education in thailand to allow the use of jawi scripture as foreign language education in thailand allows for english and french to be taught using the latin alphabet, while the japanese and the chinese languages are taught using their own letters.	there is no contradiction in the policy of education in thailand to allow the use of jawi scripture as foreign language education in thailand allows for english and french to be taught using the latin alphabet, while the japanese and chinese languages are taught using their own letters.
post punk band joy division played their final gig at the university high hall on 2 may, 1980, before the tragic suicide of iconic frontman, ian curtis	post punk band joy division played their final gig at the university high hall on 2 may, 1980, before the suicide of iconic frontman, ian curtis
"either/or, one of kierkegaard's best works, was authored by the pseudonyms ""a"" and judge william and edited by victor eremita."	"either/or, one of kierkegaard's works, was authored by the pseudonyms ""a"" and judge william and edited by victor eremita."
kittinger's heroic efforts during project excelsior proved that it was possible for air crew to descend safely after ejecting at high altitudes.	kittinger's efforts during project excelsior proved that it was possible for air crew to descend safely after ejecting at high altitudes.
it is the proud champion of division 2 in micca for the past three years.	it is the champion of division 2 in micca for the past three years.
ladder style cable ties: ideal for intermediate bundling and retail applications	ladder style cable ties: for intermediate bundling and retail applications
two anti-abortion senators have introduced legislation calling for an immediate ban on the sale of mifeprex, pending fda review.	two senators have introduced legislation calling for an immediate ban on the sale of mifeprex, pending fda review.
due to dubious governmental changes on margin requirements, the hunt brothers failed to meet huge margin calls on their futures contracts.	due to governmental changes on margin requirements, the hunt brothers failed to meet huge margin calls on their futures contracts.
"nanking is a documentary film about the reputed ""nanking massacre,"" one of the most tragic events in world war ii."	"nanking is a documentary film about the ""nanking massacre,"" one of the most tragic events in world war ii."
"born in oklahoma city, antonio's sole recurring tv guest role character was on here come the brides, but he made multiple appearances as different characters on 1960s and 1970s series like the rookies, the naked city, mission: impossible, gunsmoke, the fugitive, twelve o'clock high, star trek (in the memorable episode ""let that be your last battlefield"", in which he played the half-white, half-black alien pursued by the oppositely half-black, half-white alien played by frank gorshin), i dream of jeannie, and the defenders."	"born in oklahoma city, antonio's sole recurring tv guest role character was on here come the brides, but he made multiple appearances as different characters on 1960s and 1970s series like the rookies, the naked city, mission: impossible, gunsmoke, the fugitive, twelve o'clock high, star trek (in the episode ""let that be your last battlefield"", in which he played the half-white, half-black alien pursued by the oppositely half-black, half-white alien played by frank gorshin), i dream of jeannie, and the defenders."
on may 19, 2016, police arrested diego uribe, a relative of the family, and his girlfriend, jafeth ramos, in connection to the murders, saying that the massacre was a robbery gone horribly wrong.	on may 19, 2016, police arrested diego uribe, a relative of the family, and his girlfriend, jafeth ramos, in connection to the murders, saying that the massacre was a robbery gone wrong.
jewish lobby is a term used to allege undue jewish influence in a number of areas, including politics, government, business, the media, academia, popular culture, public policy, international relations, and international finance.	jewish lobby is a term used to allege jewish influence in a number of areas, including politics, government, business, the media, academia, popular culture, public policy, international relations, and international finance.
"the alleged phenomenon was first noted in june 1959 by friedrich jurgenson (1903–1987) who, after playing back a recording of birdsong in the swedish countryside, is said to have noticed the presence of a faint norwegian voice talking about ""birds at night""."	"the phenomenon was first noted in june 1959 by friedrich jurgenson (1903–1987) who, after playing back a recording of birdsong in the swedish countryside, is said to have noticed the presence of a faint norwegian voice talking about ""birds at night""."
rockwell has come under attack from tom g. palmer for publishing columnists who have expressed viewpoints considered to be anti-semitic or homophobic.	rockwell has come under attack from tom g. palmer for publishing columnists who have expressed viewpoints that palmer considers to be anti-semitic or homophobic.
the player can collect different items that help him/her in the game.	the player can collect different items that help them in the game.
for example, any implementation which allows the use of backreferences, or implements the various improvements introduced by perl, must use a backtracking implementation.	for example, any implementation which allows the use of backreferences, or implements the various extensions introduced by perl, must use a backtracking implementation.
the integrated science program is a prestigious honors program at northwestern university.	the integrated science program is a honors program at northwestern university.
churchill graciously eulogised chamberlain's character in the house of commons:	churchill eulogised chamberlain's character in the house of commons:
unfortunately the bus was destroyed by a missile launched by william stryker 's purifiers.	the bus was destroyed by a missile launched by william stryker 's purifiers.
for example, in the united states, the party of a victorious presidential candidate will often win many seats in congress as well; these congressmen are voted into office on the coattails of the president.	for example, in the united states, the party of a victorious presidential candidate will often win many seats in congress as well; these members of congress are voted into office on the coattails of the president.
the film's portrayal of ancient persians sparked a particularly strong reaction in iran.	the film's portrayal of ancient persians caused a particularly strong reaction in iran.
, due to the known toxicity of mercury, the main component of amalgam fillings, there is some ongoing controversy on the use of this filling material	, due to the known toxicity of mercury, the main component of amalgam fillings, there is ongoing controversy on the use of this filling material
unclaimed - 39.24%	none - 39.24%
stonewall inn was the site of the famous stonewall riots of 1969, which have come to symbolize the beginning of the militant gay liberation movement in the united states.	stonewall inn was the site of the famous stonewall riots of 1969, which have come to symbolize the beginning of the gay liberation movement in the united states.
it suffered appalling atrocities in both conflicts, including the nanjing massacre.	it suffered severe atrocities in both conflicts, including the nanjing massacre.
the battle is depicted in the climax of peter weir's 1981 movie, gallipoli , where it accurately portrays the offensive as a diversion to reduce ottoman opposition to the landing at suvla bay .	the battle is depicted in the climax of peter weir's 1981 movie, gallipoli , where it portrays the offensive as a diversion to reduce ottoman opposition to the landing at suvla bay .
"wiiloveit.com complained over the inability to share your creations seamlessly with others, but still praised the game's ""well-executed concept"" that would appeal most to families."	"wiiloveit.com complained over the inability to share one's creations seamlessly with others, but still praised the game's ""well-executed concept"" that would appeal most to families."
bystanders as well as homeless people and political activists got caught up in the police brutality that took place on the night of august 6 and the early morning of august 7, after a large number of police surrounded the park and charged at the hemmed-in crowd while other police ordered all pedestrians not to walk on streets neighboring the park.	bystanders as well as homeless people and political activists got caught up in the police action that took place on the night of august 6 and the early morning of august 7, after a large number of police surrounded the park and charged at the hemmed-in crowd while other police ordered all pedestrians not to walk on streets neighboring the park.
"glazunov's famous painting ""two princes"", 1964"	"glazunov's painting ""two princes"", 1964"
putative u.s.-supported coups and invasions	putative coups and invasions
the form of the good in plato's philosophy was identified with god by saint augustine of hippo.	the form of the good in plato's philosophy was identified with god by augustine of hippo.
"there were a few exceptions - a tiny minority of people might ""fall through the cracks"" in the otherwise relatively generous welfare system."	"there were a few exceptions - a minority of people might ""fall through the cracks"" in the otherwise relatively generous welfare system."
her roles varied from the cute looking teeny bopper who wore minis in nomu (1974), to that of a tortured wife of a sadist husband in k. balachander's film idi katha kaadu (1979) to that of a comedienne who discovers that her husband wants to murder her for her wealth in money (1993).	her roles varied from the cute looking teeny bopper who wore minis in nomu (1974), to that of a tortured wife of a sadist husband in k. balachander's film idi katha kaadu (1979) to that of a comedian who discovers that her husband wants to murder her for her wealth in money (1993).
"savetheinternet.com - a pro-network neutrality coalition managed by free press including the country's larges public and consumer advocacy groups -- such as common cause and the consumers union -- as well as political grassroots organizations from the left and the right -- such as moveon.org and the christian coalition of america, with over 1'000'000 signatures on its neutrality petition and 7,000 bloggers as part of its ""net-roots"" team."	"savetheinternet.com - a pro-network neutrality coalition managed by free press including the country's largest public and consumer advocacy groups -- such as common cause and the consumers union -- as well as political grassroots organizations from the left and the right -- such as moveon.org and the christian coalition of america, with over 1'000'000 signatures on its neutrality petition and 7,000 bloggers as part of its ""net-roots"" team."
or is a euphemism for the countless thousands of women who were forced into sexual slavery for japanese military brothels during world war ii .	or is a euphemism for the thousands of women who were forced into sexual slavery for japanese military brothels during world war ii .
he relented in his opposition only after congress passed the king day bill with a veto-proof majority (338 to 90 in the house of representatives and 78 to 22 in the senate).	he relented in his opposition only after congress passed the king day bill with an overwhelming veto-proof majority (338 to 90 in the house of representatives and 78 to 22 in the senate).
on the match against new zealand, he scored a beautiful goal, in which he took out three defenders before tapping the ball next to the goalkepeer glen moss.	on the match against new zealand, he scored a goal, in which he took out three defenders before tapping the ball next to the goalkepeer glen moss.
mission mountain school was a therapeutic boarding school for girls located in condon, missoula county, montana.	mission mountain school was a boarding school for girls located in condon, missoula county, montana.
the name windows nt or wnt was derived from the letters in the alphabet following vms (vw mn st).	the name windows nt or wnt is popularly thought to be derived from the letters in the alphabet following vms (vw mn st).
stenehjem is now being looked at as a possible candidate for the u.s. house of representatives to challenge unpopular incumbent earl pomeroy.	stenehjem is now being looked at as a possible candidate for the u.s. house of representatives to challenge incumbent earl pomeroy.
the brilliant team won this match on penalties.	the team won this match on penalties.
the ban lasted from november 1988 to 16 september 1994, and denied the uk news media the right to broadcast the voices, though not the words, of all irish republican and unionist paramilitaries.	the ban lasted from november 1988 to 16 september 1994, and denied the uk news media the right to broadcast the voices, though not the words, of all irish republican and loyalist paramilitaries.
wilson revisits some of moore's shooting locations and subjects from roger & me and bowling for columbine, and discredits many aspects of moore's films.	wilson revisits some of moore's shooting locations and subjects from roger & me and bowling for columbine, and attempts to discredit many aspects of moore's films.
"stan lee declared : ""one thing i loved about big john is the fact that i didn't have to spend time writing synopses for him.... he'd always growl over the phone, 'don't bother sending me any outlines, stan."	"stan lee: ""one thing i loved about big john is the fact that i didn't have to spend time writing synopses for him.... he'd always growl over the phone, 'don't bother sending me any outlines, stan."
the great global warming swindle was a 2007 propaganda film directed by controversial british television producer martin durkin.	the great global warming swindle was a 2007 documentary film directed by controversial british television producer martin durkin.
in 2004, it was on the popular garden state soundtrack, and received persistent exposure in australia for over a year when it was used by australia's network ten in a series of promotional ads that ran before and after most shows, featuring its programming and personalities.	in 2004, it was on the garden state soundtrack, and received persistent exposure in australia for over a year when it was used by australia's network ten in a series of promotional ads that ran before and after most shows, featuring its programming and personalities.
nineteen pirate student-athletes have been honored as football all-americans in addition to countless other awards.	nineteen pirate student-athletes have been honored as football all-americans in addition to other awards.
the significant event is commemorated annually as land day.	the event is commemorated annually as land day.
the segment from cascade to wolf creek provided some of the most spectacular views of any highway in the state.	the segment from cascade to wolf creek provided some of the most extensive views of any highway in the state.
excellent profile of matt entenza	profile of matt entenza
the british capital earned the perjorative sobriquet londonistan in the late 1990s owing to the number of exiled islamist groups that estabished political headquarters in the city, and from where they sought to overthrow middle eastern governments they considered heretical.	the british capital was given the perjorative sobriquet londonistan in the late 1990s owing to the number of exiled islamist groups that estabished political headquarters in the city, and from where they sought to overthrow middle eastern governments they considered heretical.
he emerged from seclusion once media attention faded and the lawsuits were settled, but the controversy is reported to have led his having a breakdown in 1986. this breakdown was later explained by adi da as a sort of death and resurrection that he called the divine emergence.	he emerged from seclusion once media attention faded and the lawsuits were settled, but the controversy is reported to have contributed to his having a breakdown in 1986. this breakdown was later explained by adi da as a sort of death and resurrection that he called the divine emergence.
these stellar students will be the first ones to graduate at a campus abroad.	these students will be the first ones to graduate at a campus abroad.
the club won a bronze medal at the prestigious 2004 australian university games in perth, and were the crowning glory of the university's team at the 2006 eastern university games, held in coffs harbour.	the club won a bronze medal at the 2004 australian university games in perth, and were the crowning glory of the university's team at the 2006 eastern university games, held in coffs harbour.
homeowners have the illusion of storing their excess solar panel electricity on the grid during the daytime, then retrieving that saved electricity from the grid after dark, without having to individually go through the expense and complications of having batteries, etc., for individualized electricity storage.	homeowners have the possibly utopic idea of storing their excess solar panel electricity on the grid during the daytime, then retrieving that saved electricity from the grid after dark, without having to individually go through the expense and complications of having batteries, etc., for individualized electricity storage.
later, he landed the coveted debut in sakkarakatti, produced by prestigious filmhouse kalaipuli international, directed by debutant kala prabhu, son of producer kalaipuli s. thanu and stalwart music legend a r rahman scoring the tracks.	later, he landed the coveted debut in sakkarakatti, produced by filmhouse kalaipuli international, directed by debutant kala prabhu, son of producer kalaipuli s. thanu and stalwart music legend a r rahman scoring the tracks.
graciliano ramos (was born in quebrngulo, state of alagoas, october 27, 1892 and died in rio de janeiro, march 20, 1953) was one of the best writers of brazilian literature in the 20th century.	graciliano ramos (was born in quebrngulo, state of alagoas, october 27, 1892 and died in rio de janeiro, march 20, 1953) is widely considered one of the best writers of brazilian literature in the 20th century.
it was at mecca, however, that senussi gained his most powerful supporter, mahommed sherif, a prince of wadai, who became in 1838 sultan of his native state, the most powerful mahommedan kingdom order in the central sudan.	it was at mecca, however, that senussi gained his most powerful supporter, mahommed sherif, a prince of wadai, who became in 1838 sultan of his native state, the most powerful muslim kingdom order in the central sudan.
she relocates to new york to live with her sister, who after the mother's passing raises him without telling him of the feud.	she relocates to new york to live with her sister, who after the mother's death raises him without telling him of the feud.
on the site, called by the jews temple mount, now stands two islamic holy sites, the dome of the rock shrine and the al-aqsa mosque, which mark the place where the prophet muhammad was taken to heaven to meet god.	on the site, called by the jews temple mount, now stands two islamic holy sites, the dome of the rock shrine and the al-aqsa mosque, which islam holds to be the place where the prophet muhammad was taken to heaven to meet god.
in may 2009, morlino made a sudden announcement that the catholic multicultural center - a building that fed, educated and supported many on madison's south side - would close in two days as part of widespread diocesan budget cuts.	in may 2009, morlino made a announcement that the catholic multicultural center - a building that fed, educated and supported many on madison's south side - would close in two days as part of widespread diocesan budget cuts.
khurram murad served as naib amir (vice-president) jamaat-e-islami pakistan and amir (president) in bangladesh, a trustee and a former director general of the islamic foundation in leicester, uk, and editor of tarjumanal qur'an, lahore, pakistan (a journal founded by the renowned islamic scholar, abul ala maududi in 1932), and the quarterly muslim world book review, uk.	khurram murad served as naib amir (vice-president) jamaat-e-islami pakistan and amir (president) in bangladesh, a trustee and a former director general of the islamic foundation in leicester, uk, and editor of tarjumanal qur'an, lahore, pakistan (a journal founded by the islamic scholar, abul ala maududi in 1932), and the quarterly muslim world book review, uk.
this peaceful , sub-tropical, spring-flowering garden has fascinating views of the sea and a considerable historical and botanical interest.	this peaceful , sub-tropical, spring-flowering garden has views of the sea and a considerable historical and botanical interest.
scavenius was also an important figure as foreign minister during the negotiations surrounding the return of south slesvig to denmark following the war.	scavenius was also an important figure as foreign minister during the negotiations surrounding the return of parts of slesvig to denmark following the war.
thanks to 527s, we will be outspent by the democrats, complained ken mehlman, manager of the bush-cheney campaign.	thanks to 527s, we will be outspent by the democrats, said ken mehlman, manager of the bush-cheney campaign.
"despite keating once promising to ""crucify"" him, and arguably doing so in the 1987 election, howard led the liberals to a sweeping victory at the march 1996 election, ending the 13 years of enlightened labor government, the longest in australia's federal history."	"despite keating once promising to ""crucify"" him, and arguably doing so in the 1987 election, howard led the liberals to a sweeping victory at the march 1996 election, ending the 13 years of labor government, the longest in australia's federal history."
the larger glass hatch panel has side-mounted hinges to provide ready access to the kaburas cargo compartment.	the larger glass hatch panel has side-mounted hinges to provide access to the kaburas cargo compartment.
"while denying condoning the violence, his attempt to decry the killing of mark duggan was correctly interrupted by the presenter who insisted ""mr. howe, we have to wait for the official inquiry before we can say things like that."""	"while denying condoning the violence, his attempt to decry the killing of mark duggan was again interrupted by the presenter who insisted ""mr. howe, we have to wait for the official inquiry before we can say things like that."""
the university of california, santa barbara (ucsb) is a highly selective, research-oriented public university located on the pacific ocean in santa barbara county, california, usa.	the university of california, santa barbara (ucsb) is a moderately selective, research-oriented public university located on the pacific ocean in santa barbara county, california, usa.
operation paul bunyan was a countermeasure taken by the united states army corps of engineers in response to an unprovoked attack by north korean soldiers in the village of panmunjeom within the korean demilitarized zone.	operation paul bunyan was a countermeasure taken by the united states army corps of engineers in response to an attack by north korean soldiers in the village of panmunjeom within the korean demilitarized zone.
after the tragic deaths of alfonso de portago in 1957 mille miglia, and stuart lewis-evans in 1958 moroccan grand prix, englebert decided to withdraw from motorsports competition.	after the deaths of alfonso de portago in 1957 mille miglia, and stuart lewis-evans in 1958 moroccan grand prix, englebert decided to withdraw from motorsports competition.
there is great controversy over his indictment and the conditions of his imprisonment, with at least 50 prominent legislators and officials expressing acute concern that he was framed by karl rove and his associates.	there is great controversy over his indictment and the conditions of his imprisonment, with at least 50 prominent legislators and officials expressing acute concern that he may have been framed by karl rove and his associates.
at the beginning of the war, tensions arose in yarmouk between the pflp-gc and anti- assad palestinian residents.	at the beginning of the war, tensions arose in yarmouk between the pflp-gc and anti- government palestinian residents.
on june 8, 2006, stender and assemblywoman joan m. quigley attacked ann coulter's book godless: the church of liberalism.	on june 8, 2006, stender and assemblywoman joan m. quigley publicly criticized ann coulter's book godless: the church of liberalism.
djokovic is undefeated in australian open finals with a 60 record while federer has a respectable 41 record.	djokovic is undefeated in australian open finals with a 60 record while federer has a 41 record.
in 1872, the 4th earl of kenmare decided to build an elizabethan-revival manor house, called killarney house, on a hillside with spectacular views of lough leane.	in 1872, the 4th earl of kenmare decided to build an elizabethan-revival manor house, called killarney house, on a hillside with extensive views of lough leane.
james madison university (also known as jmu, madison or james madison) is a selective public coeducational research university located in harrisonburg, virginia, u.s. founded in 1908 as the state normal and industrial school for women at harrisonburg, the university has undergone four name changes until settling with james madison university.	james madison university (also known as jmu, madison or james madison) is a public coeducational research university located in harrisonburg, virginia, u.s. founded in 1908 as the state normal and industrial school for women at harrisonburg, the university has undergone four name changes until settling with james madison university.
the party for freedom (, pvv) is a far-right dutch political movement.	the party for freedom (, pvv) is a dutch political movement.
anti-arabism is racist prejudice or hostility against arabs.	anti-arabism is prejudice or hostility against arabs.
gisele caroline bndchen (born july 20, 1980) is a brazilian supermodel .	gisele caroline bndchen (born july 20, 1980) is a brazilian model .
the very next day of march 22nd, two albanian extremists were caught on film being shot dead after trying to throw grenades at macedonian positions.	the very next day of march 22nd, two albanian rebels were caught on film being shot dead after trying to throw grenades at macedonian positions.
"fairbank admitted that snow was used by mao, but defended snow that he was blinded by chinese hospitality and charm, and ""snow did what he could as a professional journalist."""	"fairbank agrees that snow was used by mao, but defended snow that he was blinded by chinese hospitality and charm, and ""snow did what he could as a professional journalist."""
"the seventeenth amendment restates the importance of article i, 3 of the constitution, except that the amendment provides that each state's senators are to be ""elected by the people thereof"" rather than being ""chosen by the legislature thereof."""	"the seventeenth amendment restates the first paragraph of article i, 3 of the constitution, except that the amendment provides that each state's senators are to be ""elected by the people thereof"" rather than being ""chosen by the legislature thereof."""
after one stop at st. john's road (also called red kelly line) you will see the school on the right.	after one stop at st. john's road (also called red kelly line) , he/she will see the school on the right.
"nicole renee ""niki"" taylor (born march 5, 1975) is an american supermodel ."	"nicole renee ""niki"" taylor (born march 5, 1975) is an american model ."
"the market had been on a six-year run that saw the dow jones industrial average increase in value fivefold peaking at 381.17 on september 3, 1929. shortly before the crash, economist irving fisher infamously proclaimed, ""stock prices have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau."""	"the market had been on a six-year run that saw the dow jones industrial average increase in value fivefold peaking at 381.17 on september 3, 1929. shortly before the crash, economist irving fisher famously proclaimed, ""stock prices have reached what looks like a permanently high plateau."""
based on a $40 million budget, it grossed $54,870,174 domestically and $32,969,867 overseas for a worldwide total revenue of $87,840,042.	based on a $40 million budget, it grossed $54,870,174 domestically and $32,969,867 internationally for a worldwide total revenue of $87,840,042.
lorraine wicks (ne foster) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jacqueline leonard between 1996 and 1997.	lorraine wicks (ne foster) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jacqueline leonard between 1996 and 1997.
ultimately, the club's long term future was crippled and, with spiralling debts, the haienda eventually closed forever in the summer of 1997.	ultimately, the club's long term future was crippled and, with spiralling debts, the haienda eventually closed definitively in the summer of 1997.
"patricia ""pat"" evans (ne harris; previously beale, wicks and butcher, and occasionally referred to in the british media as fat pat ) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders."	"patricia ""pat"" evans (ne harris; previously beale, wicks and butcher, and occasionally referred to in the british media as fat pat ) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders."
another defender of the policy is filipino-american hack journalist michelle malkin, who authored a 2004 book entitled in defense of internment: the case for racial profiling in world war ii and the war on terror, although she has faced heavy criticism alledging logical leaps and failure to consider some historical evidence.	another defender of the policy is filipino-american journalist michelle malkin, who authored a 2004 book entitled in defense of internment: the case for racial profiling in world war ii and the war on terror, although she has faced heavy criticism alledging logical leaps and failure to consider some historical evidence.
he was orphaned at the tender age of 5 after his parent were killed in a tragic car accident.	he was orphaned at the age of 5 after his parent were killed in a tragic car accident.
dr.panjabrao shamrao deshmukh (december 27, 1898 – april 10, 1965) famously known as bhausaheb deshmukh was a great social activist and a farmer 's leader in india.	dr.panjabrao shamrao deshmukh (december 27, 1898 – april 10, 1965) famously known as bhausaheb deshmukh was a social activist and a farmer 's leader in india.
glendon was selected by the university of notre dame as the 2009 recipient of the prestigious laetare medal, but after initially accepting, she declined the award because of the university's controversial decision to host barack obama as its commencement speaker and bestow upon him an honorary degree.	glendon was selected by the university of notre dame as the 2009 recipient of the prestigious laetare medal, but after initially accepting, she declined the award because of the university's decision to host barack obama as its commencement speaker and bestow upon him an honorary degree.
when the european powers began their mad scramble for territory in africa in the 19th century, france brokered a deal making yatenga a french protectorate.	when the european powers began their scramble for territory in africa in the 19th century, france brokered a deal making yatenga a french protectorate.
a beautiful rich brown dye can be made by soaking fabrics in fermenting berries in a hollowed-out pumpkin.	a rich brown dye can be made by soaking fabrics in fermenting berries in a hollowed-out pumpkin.
after a shocking loss to arizona on nov. 23, oregons first loss to an unranked opponent since 2008, mariota and the ducks bounced back to beat rival oregon state 36-35 in the civil war.	after a loss to arizona on nov. 23, oregons first loss to an unranked opponent since 2008, mariota and the ducks bounced back to beat rival oregon state 36-35 in the civil war.
the firing squad is commonly used to execute spies; the celebrated world war i spy mata hari was so executed.	the firing squad is commonly used to execute spies; the renowned world war i spy mata hari was so executed.
simon wiesenthal, kbe (31 december 190820 september 2005) was a controversial jewish austrian holocaust survivor who became famous after world war ii for his work as a nazi hunter.	simon wiesenthal, kbe (31 december 190820 september 2005) was a jewish austrian holocaust survivor who became famous after world war ii for his work as a nazi hunter.
these crimes were mainly carried out by the departments that comprised the reichssicherheitshauptamt, such as the gestapo, the sicherheitsdienst (sd) and the einsatzgruppen.	these acts were mainly carried out by the departments that comprised the reichssicherheitshauptamt, such as the gestapo, the sicherheitsdienst (sd) and the einsatzgruppen.
... that prehistoric man used the same warm springs that franklin delano roosevelt would use in the 20th century?	... that prehistoric people used the same warm springs that franklin delano roosevelt would use in the 20th century?
fort myers high school is home to several nationally board certified teachers and several past winners of the prestigious golden apple award, given to six of lee county's finest teachers by the foundation for lee county public schools.	fort myers high school is home to several nationally board certified teachers and several past winners of the golden apple award, given to six of lee county's finest teachers by the foundation for lee county public schools.
also in late 2005, the bbc aired star spell, a similar programme based on its predecessor but which featured minor celebrities competing against each other .	also in late 2005, the bbc aired star spell, a similar programme based on its predecessor but which featured celebrities competing against each other .
today, bon air baptist church is a vibrant community of 2,500 members gathering for worship at one of the eight services during the week-end and at three different locations (buford road campus, james river campus, and northstar community).	today, bon air baptist church is a community of 2,500 members gathering for worship at one of the eight services during the week-end and at three different locations (buford road campus, james river campus, and northstar community).
the john kerry military service controversy describes a false political issue that gained widespread public attention during john kerry's candidacy in the 2004 u.s. presidential campaign.	the john kerry military service controversy describes a political issue that gained widespread public attention during john kerry's candidacy in the 2004 u.s. presidential campaign.
one striking example of the authors' creative use of economic theory involves demonstrating the existence of cheating among sumo wrestlers.	one striking example of the authors' use of economic theory involves demonstrating the existence of cheating among sumo wrestlers.
she is an activist for accountability and standards in the media, and has spoken at congressional hearings about creating a framework of national standards for what can be labeled news.	she claims to be an activist for accountability and standards in the media, and has spoken at congressional hearings about creating a framework of national standards for what can be labeled news.
velikovsky supported his work with historical records, although they were mainly ridiculed by the scientific community.	velikovsky supported his work with historical records, although his studies were mainly ridiculed by the scientific community.
agha yahya khan (urdu: ; february 4, 1917 – august 10, 1980), was a four-star general officer and statesman who served as the 3rd president of pakistan from 1969 until east pakistan's secession to bangladesh in 1971, and pakistan's defeat in the indo-pakistani war of the same year.	agha yahya khan (urdu: ; february 4, 1917 – august 10, 1980), was a four-star general officer and politician who served as the 3rd president of pakistan from 1969 until east pakistan's secession to bangladesh in 1971, and pakistan's defeat in the indo-pakistani war of the same year.
"banitsa was mainly a farming community, and to this day the proclaimed ""vevi"" is still dealing with farming as its primary purpose."	"banitsa was mainly a farming community, and to this day the current name ""vevi"" is still dealing with farming as its primary purpose."
nice overview and summary of the game, contents, credits, and awards.	overview and summary of the game, contents, credits, and awards.
"some aspects of the company and its connected distributor organizations have proved controversial, in particular the sale of ""business support materials"" (books, recordings, and the like) to distributors."	"some aspects of the company and its connected distributor organizations have been controversial, in particular the sale of ""business support materials"" (books, recordings, and the like) to distributors."
one disturbing characteristic of the movie is having sexually implicative scenes in the garb of innocent fun.	one odd characteristic of the movie is having sexually implicative scenes in the garb of innocent fun.
includes about 260,000 israeli settlers in the west bank (excluding east jerusalem), and about 9,000 in the gaza strip (prior to the expulsion of jewish residents of gaza in the summer of 2005).	includes about 260,000 israeli settlers in the west bank (excluding east jerusalem), and about 9,000 in the gaza strip (prior to the evacuation of jewish residents of gaza in the summer of 2005).
"pendent jurisdiction is the authority of a united states federal court to hear a closely related state law claim against a party already facing a federal claim, concisely described by justice antonin scalia as ""jurisdiction over nonfederal claims between parties litigating other matters properly before the court."""	"pendent jurisdiction is the authority of a united states federal court to hear a closely related state law claim against a party already facing a federal claim, described by justice antonin scalia as ""jurisdiction over nonfederal claims between parties litigating other matters properly before the court."""
the home version of phoenix is one of the better arcade ports of the time.	the home version of phoenix is one of the more accurate arcade ports of the time.
detlef schuppan, whose research team discovered this role of the atis, emphasizes that modern wheat cultivations are bred to have a high ati content and that this may play a role in the onset and course of disorders such as celiac disease and gluten sensitivity.	detlef schuppan, whose research team discovered this role of the atis, holds that modern wheat cultivations are bred to have a high ati content and that this may play a role in the onset and course of disorders such as celiac disease and gluten sensitivity.
despite its size, it has a number of fine exhibits, including one of the first indoor tropical rain forests in the united states.	despite its size, it has a number of exhibits, including one of the first indoor tropical rain forests in the united states.
he is probably better known to most australians as the charismatic co-host of seven network's sunrise program.	he is probably better known to most australians as the co-host of seven network's sunrise program.
macpherson grew up in east lindfield, a north shore suburb of sydney, and she attended killara high school.	macpherson grew up in east lindfield, an affluent north shore suburb of sydney, and she attended killara high school.
"new digitized versions based on the original design may or may not suffer copyright protection (depending on the given country's view on creative works, and whether they consider visually exact lookalikes ""creative"" or not), often possessing their own copyright terms."	"new digitized versions based on the original design may or may not have copyright protection (depending on the given country's view on creative works, and whether they consider visually exact lookalikes ""creative"" or not), often possessing their own copyright terms."
heidi klum (; born june 1, 1973 ) is a german supermodel , actress, tv presenter, fashion designer, television producer and occasional singer.	heidi klum (; born june 1, 1973 ) is a german model , actress, tv presenter, fashion designer, television producer and occasional singer.
german education minister annette schavan was the inaugural recipient of this award in 2006. the legndary german feminist alice schwarzer received the award in 2007.	german education minister annette schavan was the inaugural recipient of this award in 2006. the german feminist alice schwarzer received the award in 2007.
"suspected israeli ""art student"" spy ring"	"suspected ""art student"" spy ring"
the court of the lions, alhambra, granada, al-andalus	the court of the lions, alhambra, granada, andalusia
adam johnson was born in sunderland in 1987, to dave and sonia johnson and his family were ardent sunderland supporters.	adam johnson was born in sunderland in 1987, to dave and sonia johnson and his family were sunderland supporters.
flood geology (also creation geology or diluvial geology) is a creationist pseudoscientific perspective on geologic phenomena which assumes the literal truth of the great flood described in genesis.	flood geology (also creation geology or diluvial geology) is a creationist perspective on geologic phenomena which assumes the literal truth of the great flood described in genesis.
imia and kardak are the greek and turkish names, respectively, of a set of two small uninhabited turkish islets in the aegean sea, situated between the greek island chain of the dodecanese and the southwestern mainland coast of turkey.	imia and kardak are the greek and turkish names, respectively, of a set of two small uninhabited islets in the aegean sea, situated between the greek island chain of the dodecanese and the southwestern mainland coast of turkey.
there is good bird watching at carpinteria salt marsh reserve.	there is bird watching at carpinteria salt marsh reserve.
she dominated anti-cult theory (such as her theory of systematic manipulation of social and psychological influence) and was on the board of the american family foundation, the major anti-cult group in the united states.	she developed anti-cult theory (such as her theory of systematic manipulation of social and psychological influence) and was on the board of the american family foundation, the major anti-cult group in the united states.
it achieved a smash success in france, reaching #3 on the chart.	it achieved a success in france, reaching #3 on the chart.
but there is little evidence to support this view and compelling reasons to reject it.	according to the historian a.d. lee, there is little evidence to support this view and compelling reasons to reject it.
the first is sluggishly dormant, with kim gordon singing and talking over a lackluster performance.	the first is sluggishly dormant, with kim gordon singing and talking over a low-key performance.
among the inventory of washington's effects were a picture of the blessed virgin mary and one of st. john.	among the inventory of washington's effects were a picture of the virgin mary and one of st. john.
the philosophy recommends online advertising (particularly via blogs) rather than expensive standard methods.	the philosophy recommends online advertising (particularly via blogs) rather than standard methods.
agostinelli is a member of the council on foreign relations (cfr) and a major supporter of zionist and neoconservative causes.	agostinelli is a member of the council on foreign relations (cfr) and a supporter of zionist and neoconservative causes.
five of his articles won the esteemed e. p. dutton award for best magazine sports story of the year.	five of his articles won the e. p. dutton award for best magazine sports story of the year.
president's college, situated in maharagama is one of the pioneer boys educational school in area which offer the government education system.	president's college, situated in maharagama is one of the boys educational school in area which offer the government education system.
in ireland abortion is strongly opposed by a majority of the electorate and is for the moment forbidden .	in ireland abortion is strongly opposed by a majority of the electorate and is for the moment illegal .
philby belonged to the spy ring known as the cambridge five, along with donald maclean, guy burgess, anthony blunt and john cairncross, although cairncross's guilt has never conclusively been established and several others, including sir roger hollis, former head of the secret intelligence service (mi6), have been suspected at one time or another to be the 'fifth man'.	philby belonged to the spy ring known as the cambridge five, along with donald maclean, guy burgess, anthony blunt and john cairncross, although cairncross's involvement has never conclusively been established and several others, including sir roger hollis, former head of the secret intelligence service (mi6), have been suspected at one time or another to be the 'fifth man'.
the soul food cast was interviewed by comedienne mo'nique about fan reaction to the series.	the soul food cast was interviewed by comedian mo'nique about fan reaction to the series.
lasantha manilal wickrematunge (5 april 1958  8 january 2009) was a high-profile sri lankan anti-government journalist, politician and human rights activist who was assassinated in january 2009.	lasantha manilal wickrematunge (5 april 1958  8 january 2009) was a high-profile sri lankan journalist, politician and human rights activist who was assassinated in january 2009.
later that year she moved to los angeles, california, (where she currently resides) and began studying with legendary acting instructors howard fine, joanne baron & d. w. brown.	later that year she moved to los angeles, california, (where she currently resides) and began studying with acting instructors howard fine, joanne baron & d. w. brown.
doris emrick lee (born february 1, 1905 died june 16, 1983) was born in illinois and was an important american painter known for her figurative painting and printmaking.	doris emrick lee (born february 1, 1905 died june 16, 1983) was born in illinois and was an american painter known for her figurative painting and printmaking.
prophet muhammad lived in the 7th century ce, in arabia in a time when many people were not literate.	muhammad lived in the 7th century ce, in arabia in a time when many people were not literate.
"according to the historia augusta, hadrian informed the senate of his accession in a letter as a fait accompli, claiming that ""the unseemly haste of the troops in acclaiming him emperor was due to the belief that the state could not be without an emperor""."	"according to the historia augusta, hadrian informed the senate of his accession in a letter as a fait accompli, explaining that ""the unseemly haste of the troops in acclaiming him emperor was due to the belief that the state could not be without an emperor""."
"in the spectrum of hostility that it aroused, ritualism also provoked in some of its opponents a homophobic reaction that saw its theatricality and its aestheticism as symptoms of ""effeminacy""."	"in the spectrum of hostility that it aroused, ritualism also provoked in some of its opponents a reaction that saw its theatricality and its aestheticism as symptoms of ""effeminacy""."
"paedobaptist covenant theologians recognize that the abrahamic covenant is still in force, and that god's covenantal promise ""to be your god and the god of your descendants after you"" still stands for every believer."	"paedobaptist covenant theologians argue that the abrahamic covenant is still in force, and that god's covenantal promise ""to be your god and the god of your descendants after you"" still stands for every believer."
julius meimberg (11 january 1917 17 january 2012) was a german luftwaffe fighter ace and recipient of the knight's cross of the iron cross during world war ii.	julius meimberg (11 january 1917 17 january 2012) was a german luftwaffe fighter pilot and recipient of the knight's cross of the iron cross during world war ii.
cobain, who died in 1994, was later dumbly added by some.	cobain, who died in 1994, was later added by some.
densa meetings, once common, are now sadly quite rare.	densa meetings, once common, are now quite rare.
"shortly after the account of this episode, the antiquities of the jews 18.63-64, in a passage of questionable authenticity known as the testimonium flavianum, states that, ""about this time"", pilate ordered the crucifixion of someone called ""jesus"", whom the author identifies as ""the christ"" (i.e."	"shortly after the account of this episode, the antiquities of the jews 18.63-64, in a passage of disputed authenticity known as the testimonium flavianum, states that, ""about this time"", pilate ordered the crucifixion of someone called ""jesus"", whom the author identifies as ""the christ"" (i.e."
"the ""dopey"" dwarf then saunters over to so white, and lays a kiss on the girl so dynamic that not only does so white wake up, but her eyes become large as saucers and her pigtails fly straight up into the air (depicted in rod scribner's typically wacky animation style)."	"the ""dopey"" dwarf then saunters over to so white, and lays a kiss on the girl so dynamic that not only does so white wake up, but her eyes become large as saucers and her pigtails fly straight up into the air (depicted in rod scribner's typically extreme animation style)."
leszek moder (b. march 3 1971, gdask) is a leading polish jazz pianist.	leszek moder (b. march 3 1971, gdask) is a polish jazz pianist.
that same year, she requested permission to travel to spain to receive the prestigious ortega y gasset journalism award but permission was denied.	that same year, she requested permission to travel to spain to receive the ortega y gasset journalism award but permission was denied.
the ex-gay or exodus movement is a controversial movement that consists of several groups that seek to repair the sexual orientation of homosexual or bisexual individuals to a heterosexual orientation.	the ex-gay or exodus movement is a controversial movement that consists of several groups that seek to alter the sexual orientation of homosexual or bisexual individuals to a heterosexual orientation.
"david einhorn delivered his devastating analysis of lehman brothers at this conference in may 2008, in a talk titled ""accounting ingenuity""."	"david einhorn delivered his analysis of lehman brothers at this conference in may 2008, in a talk titled ""accounting ingenuity""."
in the gourman report on undergraduate programs, the university of wisconsin was ranked the third-best public university, right after the university of california at berkeley and the university of michigan at ann arbor.	in the gourman report on undergraduate programs, the university of wisconsin was ranked the third-best public university, after the university of california at berkeley and the university of michigan at ann arbor.
march 23 - naval forces of iran's revolutionary guard seize royal navy personnel in iraqi waters.	march 23 - naval forces of iran's revolutionary guard seize royal navy personnel in disputed iran-iraq waters.
"running as a self-described ""war monger "" in the midst of the iraq war, bush won re-election in 2004 and his presidential campaign against senator john kerry, was successful despite controversy over bush's prosecution of the iraq war and his handling of the economy."	"running as a self-described ""war president "" in the midst of the iraq war, bush won re-election in 2004 and his presidential campaign against senator john kerry, was successful despite controversy over bush's prosecution of the iraq war and his handling of the economy."
whether the existence of standard oil was beneficial is a matter of some controversy.	whether the breakup of standard oil was beneficial is a matter of some controversy.
to provide a safe learning enviroment for all white students	to provide a safe learning enviroment for all students
at this time, many well-to-do russians were lured into building their own city houses; melnikov was one of the few who managed to retain his property after the fall of new economic policy.	at this time, many well-to-do russians were into building their own city houses; melnikov was one of the few who managed to retain his property after the fall of new economic policy.
down the line was first broadcast in may 2006, and led to many complaints from listeners who apparently failed to spot it was a spoof, generating excellent publicity for the programme.	down the line was first broadcast in may 2006, and led to many complaints from listeners who apparently failed to spot it was a spoof, generating considerable publicity for the programme.
the bombing of dresden has been manipulated by holocaust denial and pro-nazi polemicistsmost notably by the discredited british writer david irving in his book the destruction of dresdenin an attempt to establish a moral equivalence between the death toll of jews in german concentration camps and the indiscriminate killing of german civilians by allied bombing raids.	the bombing of dresden has been manipulated by holocaust denial and pro-nazi polemicistsmost notably by the british writer david irving in his book the destruction of dresdenin an attempt to establish a moral equivalence between the death toll of jews in german concentration camps and the indiscriminate killing of german civilians by allied bombing raids.
o'higgins in particular voiced the opinion that the use of terror was the only way to bring the war to an end.	o'higgins in particular voiced the opinion that the use of martial law was the only way to bring the war to an end.
jury nullification is a jury's right to deliver a not-guilty verdict even where such a verdict clearly conflicts with the letter of the law.	jury nullification is a jury's act to deliver a not-guilty verdict even where such a verdict clearly conflicts with the letter of the law.
"beard also ""guest-starred"" in a series of crispy crunch television commercials in 2002 with overused commercial actor christian potenza."	"beard also ""guest-starred"" in a series of crispy crunch television commercials in 2002 with commercial actor christian potenza."
homosexual agenda (or gay agenda) is a pejorative term used by some conservatives in the united states to describe the advocacy of cultural acceptance and normalization of non-heterosexual orientations and relationships.	homosexual agenda (or gay agenda) is a term used by some conservatives in the united states to describe the advocacy of cultural acceptance and normalization of non-heterosexual orientations and relationships.
in 2013 it was reported that everywhere along the track that a plume had drifted, a massive die-off of microscopic benthic foraminifera was left in its wake.	in 2013 it was reported that everywhere along the track that a plume had drifted, a massive die-off of benthic foraminifera was left in its wake.
the fastest time ever run in the derby (at its present distance) is 1 minute 59 2/5 seconds, by the great secretariat in 1973.	the fastest time ever run in the derby (at its present distance) is 1 minute 59 2/5 seconds, by the secretariat in 1973.
emma thompson, actress, comedienne and author	emma thompson, actress, comedian and author
these problems as well as the performance advantage of enemy fighters, especially the grumman f6f hellcat, led to the development of an improved model, the ki-61-ii (later ki-61-ii-kai), powered by the new 1,120 kw (1,500 hp) kawasaki ha-140 engine, which was unfortunately heavier than the ki-61-i-kaic it replaced.	these problems as well as the performance advantage of enemy fighters, especially the grumman f6f hellcat, led to the development of an improved model, the ki-61-ii (later ki-61-ii-kai), powered by the new 1,120 kw (1,500 hp) kawasaki ha-140 engine, which was heavier than the ki-61-i-kaic it replaced.
in human-computer interaction, computer transparency is an aspect of user friendliness which frees the user from worrying about technical details (like installation, updating, downloading or device drivers).	in human-computer interaction, computer transparency is an aspect of user friendliness which prevents the user from worrying about technical details (like installation, updating, downloading or device drivers).
excellent diagram and sample problem	diagram and sample problem
the pre-series hype and build-up of the finals was centered around the meeting of the two great centers shaquille o'neal of the magic and hakeem olajuwon of the rockets.	the pre-series hype and build-up of the finals was centered around the meeting of the two centers shaquille o'neal of the magic and hakeem olajuwon of the rockets.
contamination is usually worse after heavy rains due to the flushing of the effluent of affluent upstream subdivisions into the edwards aquifer recharge zone which feeds the springs.	contamination is usually worse after heavy rains due to the flushing of the effluent of upstream subdivisions into the edwards aquifer recharge zone which feeds the springs.
members of the iau voted on the proposal on august 24 2006 in prague, czech republic, with the result of the vote degrading pluto from a planet to a dwarf planet.	members of the iau voted on the proposal on august 24 2006 in prague, czech republic, with the result of the vote reclassifying pluto from a planet to a dwarf planet.
wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales described microsoft's offer as unethical.	wikipedia founder jimmy wales described microsoft's offer as unethical.
modalism differs from unitarianism by accepting the christian doctrine that jesus is fully god.	modalism differs from unitarianism by accepting the nicean doctrine that jesus is fully god.
24: the game is a sony playstation 2 video game based on the successful fox television series, 24. the game was developed by sony computer entertainment's cambridge studios, and was published by 2k games.	24: the game is a sony playstation 2 video game based on the fox television series, 24. the game was developed by sony computer entertainment's cambridge studios, and was published by 2k games.
doyle was embroiled in legal proceedings in which it was alleged she identified a minor who was divorcing his parents.	doyle was involved in legal proceedings in which it was alleged she identified a minor who was divorcing his parents.
jackson became a colonel in the tennessee militia, which he had led since the beginning of his military career in 1801. during the war of 1812, in 1813, northern creek band chieftain peter mcqueen massacred 400 men, women, and children at fort mims (in what is now alabama).	jackson became a colonel in the tennessee militia, which he had led since the beginning of his military career in 1801. during the war of 1812, in 1813, northern creek band chieftain peter mcqueen killed 400 men, women, and children at fort mims (in what is now alabama).
the blue ridge neighborhood features panoramic views of the puget sound and the olympic peninsula.	the blue ridge neighborhood has panoramic views of the puget sound and the olympic peninsula.
the women folk are often housewives and cook for the entire family.	the women are often housewives and cook for the entire family.
"in leviticus, god told moses to command the people: ""on the first day you shall take the product of hadar trees, branches of palm trees, boughs of leafy trees, and willows of the brook"" (lev."	"according to the book of leviticus, god told moses to command the people: ""on the first day you shall take the product of hadar trees, branches of palm trees, boughs of leafy trees, and willows of the brook"" (lev."
ta mok's luxurious house in tako	ta mok's house in tako
the first man to adopt the game was vice president of grand casino gulfport (mississippi), barry morris, after webb had unsuccessful sales pitches with casino owners in reno, las vegas and atlantic city.	the first person to adopt the game was vice president of grand casino gulfport (mississippi), barry morris, after webb had unsuccessful sales pitches with casino owners in reno, las vegas and atlantic city.
undoubtedly one of the most significant british politicians in recent political history, she is also one of the most controversial .	undoubtedly one of the most significant british politicians in recent political history, she is also one of the most divisive, being loved and loathed in equal measure .
block printing was long practised in christian europe as a method for printing on cloth, where it was common by 1300. images printed on cloth for religious purposes could be quite large and elaborate, and when paper became relatively easily available, around 1400, the medium transferred very quickly to small woodcut religious images and playing cards printed on paper.	block printing was practised in christian europe as a method for printing on cloth, where it was common by 1300. images printed on cloth for religious purposes could be quite large and elaborate, and when paper became relatively easily available, around 1400, the medium transferred very quickly to small woodcut religious images and playing cards printed on paper.
british losses did not exceed 100 while the enemy lost over 300. in one skirmish, one of janssens's french subordinates, general alberti, was killed when he mistook some british troops in green uniforms for dutch troops.	british losses did not exceed 100 while the defenders lost over 300. in one skirmish, one of janssens's french subordinates, general alberti, was killed when he mistook some british troops in green uniforms for dutch troops.
the homophobic fred phelps and his supporters picketed shepard's funeral as well as the trial of his assailants.	the anti-gay fred phelps and his supporters picketed shepard's funeral as well as the trial of his assailants.
it means she is older than 70 years old.	it means she might be older than 70 years old.
1473 - nicolaus copernicus, polish astronomer (d. 1543)	1473 - nicolaus copernicus, astronomer (d. 1543)
"ernest giuseppe ""trey"" anastasio iii, born september 30, 1964, is an american guitarist, composer and vocalist most noted for founding the legendary rock band phish."	"ernest giuseppe ""trey"" anastasio iii, born september 30, 1964, is an american guitarist, composer and vocalist most noted for founding the rock band phish."
"jean-michel was also a frequent guest on ""glenn o'brien's tv party"", a groundbreaking nyc public access television show."	"jean-michel was also a frequent guest on ""glenn o'brien's tv party"", a nyc public access television show."
everclear is a sweet rock band formed in oregon, usa, in 1992. for most of its existence, everclear consisted of art alexakis (lead guitar, lead vocals), craig montoya (bass guitar, backing vocals), and greg eklund (drums, percussion, backing vocals).	everclear is a rock band formed in oregon, usa, in 1992. for most of its existence, everclear consisted of art alexakis (lead guitar, lead vocals), craig montoya (bass guitar, backing vocals), and greg eklund (drums, percussion, backing vocals).
wolverine has been a main character in most x-men adaptations, including animated television series, video games, and the live-action 20th century fox x-men film series, in which he is portrayed by hugh jackman in all seven films, although troye sivan plays the young james howlett in the 2009 film.	wolverine has been a character in most x-men adaptations, including animated television series, video games, and the live-action 20th century fox x-men film series, in which he is portrayed by hugh jackman in all seven films, although troye sivan plays the young james howlett in the 2009 film.
the fruit of his 1956 contemporary records studio collaboration (as leader) with tenor great harold land, trumpeters jack sheldon and gerald wilson, pianist carl perkins and drummer frank butler was issued in 2007 on a double cd by gambit records.	the fruit of his 1956 contemporary records studio collaboration (as leader) with tenor saxophonist harold land, trumpeters jack sheldon and gerald wilson, pianist carl perkins and drummer frank butler was issued in 2007 on a double cd by gambit records.
shams-ul-ulama dr. umar bin mohammad daudpota was a magnificent researcher, historian, linguist and dutiful scholar of great indus valley, internationally acclaimed scholar as he served the field of literature.	shams-ul-ulama dr. umar bin mohammad daudpota was a researcher, historian, linguist and dutiful scholar of great indus valley, internationally acclaimed scholar as he served the field of literature.
in 9 september 2008, the company offered contemporary pilates training and certification, with over 21,000 instructors trained in 94 countries, manufactures pilates equipment and accessories for home and commercial use, and has produced more than 120 pilates dvds.	in 9 september 2008, the company offered pilates training and certification, with over 21,000 instructors trained in 94 countries, manufactures pilates equipment and accessories for home and commercial use, and has produced more than 120 pilates dvds.
it is worth noting that the bassist on this album is alex dmochowski, otherwise known as erroneus, who also played bass on the great frank zappa jazz rock fusion albums waka/jawaka (hot rats ii) and the grand wazoo.	it is worth noting that the bassist on this album is alex dmochowski, otherwise known as erroneus, who also played bass on the frank zappa jazz rock fusion albums waka/jawaka (hot rats ii) and the grand wazoo.
the area occupied by huludao city has been settled by mankind since ancient times.	the area occupied by huludao city has been settled by humankind since ancient times.
loompanics unlimited was an american book seller and publisher specializing in nonfiction on generally unconventional or controversial topics, with a philosophy arguably tending to a mixture of libertarian and left wing ideals, although loompanics carried books expressing other political viewpoints (including far right) as well as outspokenly apolitical ones.	loompanics unlimited was an american book seller and publisher specializing in nonfiction on generally unconventional or controversial topics, with a philosophy considered tending to a mixture of libertarian and left wing ideals, although loompanics carried books expressing other political viewpoints (including far right) as well as outspokenly apolitical ones.
"david hemenway and mary vriniotis of harvard university, funded by the anti-gun joyce foundation summarized the research in 2011 and concluded; ""a difficulty with determining the effect of the law was that gun deaths were falling in the early 1990s"" and ""most studies generally assumed that they would have continued to drop without"	"david hemenway and mary vriniotis of harvard university, funded by the joyce foundation summarized the research in 2011 and concluded; ""a difficulty with determining the effect of the law was that gun deaths were falling in the early 1990s"" and ""most studies generally assumed that they would have continued to drop without"
the entire suburb (except the southern side) is surrounded by beautiful bushland, which at times poses significant bush fire danger.	the entire suburb (except the southern side) is surrounded by natural bushland, which at times poses significant bush fire danger.
"philosopher swami vivekananda, describes this in one of his lectures in karma yoga and says that it contains one of the ""highest flights of the vedanta""."	"philosopher swami vivekananda, describes the vyadha gita in one of his lectures in karma yoga and says that it contains one of the ""highest flights of the vedanta""."
despite the wholehearted support of state republican chairman edward f. cox, levy failed to gain the necessary support at the new york state republican convention for a wilson pakula, the document necessary for non-party members to seek a party's nomination.	despite the support of state republican chairman edward f. cox, levy failed to gain the necessary support at the new york state republican convention for a wilson pakula, the document necessary for non-party members to seek a party's nomination.
"the notorious and influential studies of the kind published in 1977 have been criticized for the ridiculously high dosages of saccharin that were given to the test subject rats; dosages were commonly hundreds of times higher than ""normal"" ingestion expectations would be for a consumer."	"the notorious and influential studies of the kind published in 1977 have been criticized for the high dosages of saccharin that were given to the test subject rats; dosages were commonly hundreds of times higher than ""normal"" ingestion expectations would be for a consumer."
the first instruction begins with a short religious ceremony performed by and for the teacher, after which the student learns the technique and begins to practice at home twice per day.	the first instruction begins with a short ceremony performed by and for the teacher, after which the student learns the technique and begins to practice at home twice per day.
unionism in the united kingdom, also referred to as british unionism, is a nationalist political ideology favouring the continuation of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland, or in some cases the enlargement of that state to include the whole of ireland (currently the irish republic).	unionism in the united kingdom, also referred to as british unionism, is a political ideology favouring the continuation of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland, or in some cases the enlargement of that state to include the whole of ireland (currently the irish republic).
the case attracted intense media attention and went unsolved for nearly six months.	the case attracted media attention and went unsolved for nearly six months.
"hudema's actions at the general motors car show were attacked as ""stupid"" by automotive journalist mike magda."	"hudema's actions at the general motors car show were described as ""stupid"" by automotive journalist mike magda."
the office open xml file formats were standardised between december 2006 and november 2008, first by the ecma international consortium (where they became ecma-376), and subsequently, after an extremely contentious standardization process, by the iso/iec's joint technical committee 1 (where they became iso/iec 29500:2008).	the office open xml file formats were standardised between december 2006 and november 2008, first by the ecma international consortium (where they became ecma-376), and subsequently, after an contentious standardization process, by the iso/iec's joint technical committee 1 (where they became iso/iec 29500:2008).
this is refuted by carolyn g. heilbrun in dorothy l. sayers: biography between the lines.	this is rebutted by carolyn g. heilbrun in dorothy l. sayers: biography between the lines.
"the assumption that there is no documentary evidence for marlowe's faked death and survival post-1593 has been cast in doubt by diplomatic references to another christopher marlowe arrested in valladolid, spain, in 1599 and 1602; also, in 1604, one ""christopher marlowe alias john mathew"" was briefly detained in the gatehouse prison, but soon freed and his bills were paid for by spymaster robert cecil."	"the assumption that there is no documentary evidence for marlowe's faked death and survival post-1593 has been cast in doubt by diplomatic references to a man named christopher marlowe arrested in valladolid, spain, in 1599 and 1602; also, in 1604, one ""christopher marlowe alias john mathew"" was briefly detained in the gatehouse prison, but soon freed and his bills were paid for by spymaster robert cecil."
some conservative media personalities have been critical of sheehan.	some media personalities have been critical of sheehan.
today, unita identifies itself as a conservative party completing the long progression from maoism to social democracy to conservatism.	today, unita identifies itself as a conservative party completing the long transformation from maoism to social democracy to conservatism.
as the effects of social drinking became a problem, she was successfully treated for alcoholism in 1980. she then was elected state treasurer in 1982, becoming the first woman elected to statewide office in more than fifty years.	as the effects of drinking became a problem, she was successfully treated for alcoholism in 1980. she then was elected state treasurer in 1982, becoming the first woman elected to statewide office in more than fifty years.
"fox news is widely seen by liberal critics of the channel as openly advocating conservative political positions, a charge which the channel, whose slogans include ""fair and balanced"" and ""we report, you decide"", denies."	"fox news is widely seen by critics of the channel as openly advocating conservative political positions, a charge which the channel, whose slogans include ""fair and balanced"" and ""we report, you decide"", denies."
he has also served as an important editor for cambridge university press.	he has also served as an editor for cambridge university press.
viewing the photos, jason realizes he can't go through with the wedding and calls off his engagement, to which meredith reacts indifferently, as she slept with jason's odd cousin nick (adam pally) while he was gone.	viewing the photos, jason realizes he can't go through with the wedding and calls off his engagement, to which meredith reacts indifferently, as she slept with jason's cousin nick (adam pally) while he was gone.
nez perce war or nez perce campaign (1877) — nez perce under chief joseph retreated from the 1st u.s. cavalry through idaho, yellowstone park, and montana after a group of nez perce attacked and killed a group of anglo settlers in early 1877.	nez perce war or nez perce campaign (1877) — nez perce under chief joseph retreated from the 1st u.s. cavalry through idaho, yellowstone park, and montana after a group of nez perce attacked and killed a group of american settlers in early 1877.
in 1909 the palazzo was heavily restored which has marred de' rossi's architectural concept of the original design by removing the pediments to the windows and the statuary decorating the roofline.	in 1909 the palazzo was heavily restored which has changed de' rossi's architectural concept of the original design by removing the pediments to the windows and the statuary decorating the roofline.
bruce suffers from an extremely rare, and possibly purely psychological, form of retrograde amnesia.	bruce claims to suffer from an extremely rare, and possibly purely psychological, form of retrograde amnesia.
initial reception to the new design of dante and direction of the series was overwhelmingly negative, as noted by several gaming websites.	initial reception to the new design of dante and direction of the series was negative, as noted by several gaming websites.
catalan is properly regarded by most linguists as being an iberian romance language (the group that includes spanish), but it has many features of gallo-romance languages such as french.	catalan is regarded by most linguists as being an iberian romance language (the group that includes spanish), but it has many features of gallo-romance languages such as french.
millport has an excellent 18-hole golf course, with spectacular views over the arran hills.	millport has an 18-hole golf course, with spectacular views over the arran hills.
recipient of several prestigious awards such as the rajyotsava award by the government of karnataka, personality of the decade award instituted by kg foundation , editors choice award by the indian express trade and tourism awards and sir m visvesvaraya memorial award by the federation of karnataka chambers of commerce & industry, capt.	recipient of several awards such as the rajyotsava award by the government of karnataka, personality of the decade award instituted by kg foundation , editors choice award by the indian express trade and tourism awards and sir m visvesvaraya memorial award by the federation of karnataka chambers of commerce & industry, capt.
in addition to his novels, he was the co-creator of the cancelled television series jack and bobby, which only ran for one season (2004-2005).	in addition to his novels, he was the co-creator of the cancelled television series jack and bobby, which ran for one season (2004-2005).
after upsetting the red wings in the semifinals, they were promptly dispatched by the juggernaut canadiens in four games.	after upsetting the red wings in the semifinals, they were promptly dispatched by the dominant canadiens in four games.
the controversy entered into the practical realm when public schools began teaching the scientific theory that man descended from lower forms of life per darwin's theory of natural selection as opposed to being created by god in his image per the bible.	the controversy entered into the practical realm when public schools began teaching the scientific theory that man descended from earlier forms of life per darwin's theory of natural selection as opposed to being created by god in his image per the bible.
brokenshire made the shock announcement in october 2007 that he was defecting to the family first party, and would contest the australian house of representatives seat of kingston for the party at the 2007 federal election, but achieved only a 0.07 percent swing towards family first, on 5.71 percent.	brokenshire made the announcement in october 2007 that he was defecting to the family first party, and would contest the australian house of representatives seat of kingston for the party at the 2007 federal election, but achieved only a 0.07 percent swing towards family first, on 5.71 percent.
a few bah's accepted his claim and became known as remeyites, whilst the vast majority looked towards the creation of the universal house of justice as prescribed by bah'u'llh and `abdu'l-bah.	a few bah's accepted his claim and became known as remeyites, whilst the majority looked towards the creation of the universal house of justice as prescribed by bah'u'llh and `abdu'l-bah.
die lwen unfortunately lost their play-off tie for promotion to the 3. fuball-liga over two legs to holstein kiel who finished the 2012/13 season as champions of regionalliga nord.	die lwen lost their play-off tie for promotion to the 3. fuball-liga over two legs to holstein kiel who finished the 2012/13 season as champions of regionalliga nord.
many people associate the city with the salem witch trials of 1692, which the city exploits as a tourist attraction.	many people associate the city with the salem witch trials of 1692, which the city utilizes as a tourist attraction.
a few hours after the success of operation motorman, the claudy bombing occurred.	a few hours after the conclusion of operation motorman, the claudy bombing occurred.
other important sections are the pranks, the educational science club and cockerham's incredible creations, all of which are presented with vividly colorful pictures detailing the steps of the project.	other sections are the pranks, the educational science club and cockerham's incredible creations, all of which are presented with vividly colorful pictures detailing the steps of the project.
israel cites multiple examples of terrorist actions carried out by or controlled by the plo:	israel cites multiple examples of actions carried out by or controlled by the plo:
currently this community has the best save rate in the country.	currently this community claims to have the best save rate in the country.
in zoology and botany, abnormal development or structure.	in zoology and botany, atypical development or structure.
little fort is a small community at the junction of highway 5 and highway 24 in beautiful british columbia, canada.	little fort is a small community at the junction of highway 5 and highway 24 in british columbia, canada.
by the 1980s, however, virtually all cities had abolished these plans due to the horrendous costs involved with converting the tramways, and the most common stadtbahn systems now are a mixture of tramway-like operations in suburban and peripheral areas, and a more u-bahn like mode of operation, featuring tunnel stations, in the city centres.	by the 1980s, however, virtually all cities had abolished these plans due to the high costs involved with converting the tramways, and the most common stadtbahn systems now are a mixture of tramway-like operations in suburban and peripheral areas, and a more u-bahn like mode of operation, featuring tunnel stations, in the city centres.
the national alliance also proves that jews maintain large influence and ownership of the mainstream entertainment media in america.	the national alliance also claims that jews maintain large influence and ownership of the mainstream entertainment media in america.
"david helfgott now lives in ""the promised land"", a beautiful valley near bellingen in new south wales with his second wife, gillian."	"david helfgott now lives in ""the promised land"", a valley near bellingen in new south wales with his second wife, gillian."
neighbours paid tribute to her passing by displaying a title card as the credits rolled.	neighbours paid tribute to her death by displaying a title card as the credits rolled.
the mantle is only about 2 metres (7 ft) long (more for females, less for males), and the length of the squid excluding its tentacles is about 5 metres (16 ft).	the mantle is about 2 metres (7 ft) long (more for females, less for males), and the length of the squid excluding its tentacles is about 5 metres (16 ft).
"an article by john cherian in the leftist indian magazine frontline alleged that rwb ""is reputed to have strong links with western intelligence agencies"" and ""cuba has accused robert meynard sic the head of the group, of having cia links""."	"an article by john cherian in the indian magazine frontline alleged that rwb ""is reputed to have strong links with western intelligence agencies"" and ""cuba has accused robert meynard sic the head of the group, of having cia links""."
as a trump nomination became more likely, particularly after trump predicted riots if denied the nomination, the club for growth and other establishment backers of the stop trump movement began adopting increasingly drastic strategies to derail his nomination, including all-out opposition to him in wisconsin.	as a trump nomination became more likely, particularly after trump predicted riots if denied the nomination, the club for growth and other backers of the stop trump movement began adopting increasingly drastic strategies to derail his nomination, including all-out opposition to him in wisconsin.
the first prominent physical anthropologist, the german physician johann friedrich blumenbach (17521840) of gttingen, amassed a large collection of human skulls (decas craniorum, published during 17901828), from which he argued for the division of mankind into five major races (termed caucasian, mongolian, aethiopian, malayan and american).	the first prominent physical anthropologist, the german physician johann friedrich blumenbach (17521840) of gttingen, amassed a large collection of human skulls (decas craniorum, published during 17901828), from which he argued for the division of humankind into five major races (termed caucasian, mongolian, aethiopian, malayan and american).
according to some accusations, voters who identified themselves as voting for parties other then the conservatives were allegedly sent automated calls incorectly stating that their polling station had changed.	according to some accusations, voters who identified themselves as voting for parties other then the conservatives were allegedly sent automated calls falsely stating that their polling station had changed.
barry goralnick is an award-winning american designer, recognized for his work in the fields of architecture and interior design, and for the design of home furnishings that include furniture, lighting, and carpets.	barry goralnick is an american designer, recognized for his work in the fields of architecture and interior design, and for the design of home furnishings that include furniture, lighting, and carpets.
her son, jeff, heads the likeable indie-rock outfit aden.	her son, jeff, heads the indie-rock outfit aden .
mykhailo bolotskykh (; ; born 28 october 1960) is a ukrainian statesman and military serviceman, colonel general (civil defense service).	mykhailo bolotskykh (; ; born 28 october 1960) is a ukrainian politician and military serviceman, colonel general (civil defense service).
the controversial us$5 billion sale added the wall street journal to rupert murdoch's news empire, which already included fox news channel, financial network unit and london's the times, and locally within new york, the new york post, along with fox flagship station wnyw (channel 5) and mynetworktv flagship wwor (channel 9).	the us$5 billion sale added the wall street journal to rupert murdoch's news empire, which already included fox news channel, financial network unit and london's the times, and locally within new york, the new york post, along with fox flagship station wnyw (channel 5) and mynetworktv flagship wwor (channel 9).
led by forward harold walden, who scored six goals, great britain convincingly defeated hungary with 7-0.	led by forward harold walden, who scored six goals, great britain defeated hungary with 7-0.
thus, resistance movements may employ terror tactics, but not all who use terror tactics are correctly called a resistance movement.	thus, resistance movements may employ terror tactics, but not all who use terror tactics are called a resistance movement.
bonnie hunt was the first choice for the part of jamie, but she unwisely turned it down.	bonnie hunt was the first choice for the part of jamie, but she turned it down.
the atmosphere between them became poisoned through a series of personal attacks (some have suggested that flaherty's campaign was behind a scurrilous broadside that described clement's wife as a lawyer for abortion doctors).	the atmosphere between them became poisoned through a series of personal attacks (some have suggested that flaherty's campaign was behind a broadside that described clement's wife as a lawyer for abortion doctors).
the political situation of the time is skilfully portrayed from different viewpoints, and the scottish highlanders are treated sympathetically.	the political situation of the time is portrayed from different viewpoints, and the scottish highlanders are treated sympathetically.
ironically of the three candidates, abbott was the only one who had previous experience in opposition.	of the three candidates, abbott was the only one who had previous experience in opposition.
cyrillic script is an alphabet developed in the 9th century in bulgaria , and used in the slavic national languages of belarusian, bulgarian, russian, rusyn, serbian, macedonian, montenegrin and ukrainian, and in the non-slavic languages of moldovan, kazakh, uzbek, kyrgyz, tajik, tuvan, and mongolian.	cyrillic script is an alphabet developed in the 9th century in the region of macedonia , and used in the slavic national languages of belarusian, bulgarian, russian, rusyn, serbian, macedonian, montenegrin and ukrainian, and in the non-slavic languages of moldovan, kazakh, uzbek, kyrgyz, tajik, tuvan, and mongolian.
a delicious fray bentos pie.	a fray bentos pie.
aubrey plaza (born 1984) actress; comedienne ; april ludgate on parks and recreation	aubrey plaza (born 1984) actress; comedian ; april ludgate on parks and recreation
the day of the triffids is a post-apocalyptic (or alleged cosy catastrophe) novel written in 1951 by the english science fiction author john wyndham.	the day of the triffids is a post-apocalyptic (or sometimes referred to as cosy catastrophe) novel written in 1951 by the english science fiction author john wyndham.
saddam hussein was hanged on december 30, 2006 after being found guilty of crimes against humanity by an iraqi court, after a trial by his enemies .	saddam hussein was hanged on december 30, 2006 after being found guilty of crimes against humanity by an iraqi court, after a trial by his peers .
a former actor, theatre-director and drama teacher, deary says he began writing when he was 29. most famously, he is the author of the horrible histories series of books which is popular among children for their disgusting details, gory information and great pictures and among adults for getting children interested in history.	a former actor, theatre-director and drama teacher, deary says he began writing when he was 29. most famously, he is the author of the horrible histories series of books which is popular among children for their disgusting details, gory information and humorous pictures and among adults for getting children interested in history.
shaffer has released two solo albums, 1989's grammy-nominated coast to coast, and 1993's the world's most dangerous party, produced by rock icon todd rundgren.	shaffer has released two solo albums, 1989's grammy-nominated coast to coast, and 1993's the world's most dangerous party, produced by rock musician todd rundgren.
she is a journalist and a paralegal.	she describe herself as a journalist and a paralegal.
however, if used properly, cyberdocs can reduce the strain on the national health service as relatively trivial conditions that can be addressed without consultations or without wasting practitioners' time.	however, if used properly, cyberdocs can reduce the strain on the national health service as relatively trivial conditions that can be addressed without consultations or without consuming practitioners' time.
future tense, title of an episode from the acclaimed animated tv series gargoyles	future tense, title of an episode from the animated tv series gargoyles
shops in summerhaven on mount lemmon offer such items as jewelry and other gifts, pizza, and delicious fresh-fruit pies.	shops in summerhaven on mount lemmon offer such items as jewelry and other gifts, pizza, and fresh-fruit pies.
jessica makinson, american actress, comedienne , and improviser	jessica makinson, american actress, comedian , and improviser
never shout never's fourth full-length album, indigo was released november 13, 2012. it debuted at a pitiful 198 on the billboard 200, a steep decline from their previous high of 14. they toured the us on the indigo tour in late 2012.	never shout never's fourth full-length album, indigo was released november 13, 2012. it debuted at a disappointing 198 on the billboard 200, a steep decline from their previous high of 14. they toured the us on the indigo tour in late 2012.
"in a press release of november 21, 2003, he incorrectly stated that with regard to the 13 articles by duranty from 1931 submitted for the award ""there was not clear and convincing evidence of deliberate deception, the relevant standard in this case."""	"in a press release of november 21, 2003, he stated that with regard to the 13 articles by duranty from 1931 submitted for the award ""there was not clear and convincing evidence of deliberate deception, the relevant standard in this case."""
croatia famously beats italy 2-1 at the 2002 fifa world cup.	croatia beats italy 2-1 at the 2002 fifa world cup.
mcnamara absolutely refused, insisting that the profits were his and his family's.	mcnamara refused, insisting that the profits were his and his family's.
a great genuine american cheese was liederkranz, made from 1891 to 1981, but now extinct.	a genuine american cheese was liederkranz, made from 1891 to 1981, but now extinct.
viktor rydberg was of humble extraction .	viktor rydberg was of humble lineage .
unfortunately , most forms of non-volatile memory have limitations that make them unsuitable for use as primary storage.	however , most forms of non-volatile memory have limitations that make them unsuitable for use as primary storage.
fleihan played a major role in the development of lebanon's economic reform program, which was presented by hariri to international donors at a paris conference in november 2002. donors pledged $4.3 billion in soft loans; the plan was never fully implemented, but lebanon did ultimately receive $2.39 billion from the donors.	fleihan played a role in the development of lebanon's economic reform program, which was presented by hariri to international donors at a paris conference in november 2002. donors pledged $4.3 billion in soft loans; the plan was never fully implemented, but lebanon did ultimately receive $2.39 billion from the donors.
this cherished location was named to the 2004 list of 10 most endangered historic places in illinois.	this location was named to the 2004 list of 10 most endangered historic places in illinois.
boll is best known for unsuccessfully adapting video games into movies, having directed and produced a number of such adaptations, including house of the dead, alone in the dark, bloodrayne, bloodrayne ii: deliverance, in the name of the king: a dungeon siege tale, and postal.	boll is best known for adapting video games into movies, having directed and produced a number of such adaptations, including house of the dead, alone in the dark, bloodrayne, bloodrayne ii: deliverance, in the name of the king: a dungeon siege tale, and postal.
"the battle of shanghai was the first major battle in the second sino-japanese war since the marco polo bridge incident and the course and decision for total war involved skillful diplomatic maneuverings on chiang kai-shek's part and the strategy of trading ""space for time."""	"the battle of shanghai was the first major battle in the second sino-japanese war since the marco polo bridge incident and the course and decision for total war involved diplomatic maneuverings on chiang kai-shek's part and the strategy of trading ""space for time."""
"in the game, williams homered in the fourth inning against kirby higbe, singled in a run in the fifth inning, singled in the seventh inning, and hit a three-run home run against rip sewell's notorious ""eephus pitch"" in the eighth inning to help the american league win 12 0."	"in the game, williams homered in the fourth inning against kirby higbe, singled in a run in the fifth inning, singled in the seventh inning, and hit a three-run home run against rip sewell's ""eephus pitch"" in the eighth inning to help the american league win 12 0."
he is best known for his roles in projects such as lincoln, house of cards, the wire, killing kennedy, and person of interest.	he is known for his roles in projects such as lincoln, house of cards, the wire, killing kennedy, and person of interest.
in their places six new featured players were hired including snl writer mike o'brien who was upgraded into the cast, as well as new hires beck bennett and kyle mooney of the sketch comedy group good neighbor, john milhiser of the sketch group serious lunch, comedienne nol wells (known for her viral videos and impressions featured on sites such as cracked.com), and stand-up comedian brooks wheelan.	in their places six new featured players were hired including snl writer mike o'brien who was upgraded into the cast, as well as new hires beck bennett and kyle mooney of the sketch comedy group good neighbor, john milhiser of the sketch group serious lunch, comedian nol wells (known for her viral videos and impressions featured on sites such as cracked.com), and stand-up comedian brooks wheelan.
c2 education, a leading k-12 tutoring and test preparation provider	c2 education, a k-12 tutoring and test preparation provider
following a national housing conference in 1973, a group of alinsky-style chicago community organizations led by the northwest community organization (nco) formed national people's action (npa), to broaden the fight against disinvestment and mortgage redlining in neighborhoods all over the country.	following a national housing conference in 1973, a group of chicago community organizations led by the northwest community organization (nco) formed national people's action (npa), to broaden the fight against disinvestment and mortgage redlining in neighborhoods all over the country.
he has a giant saggy body and waving tentacles.	he has a giant snake like body and waving tentacles.
kentucky also holds several other ncaa records in addition to numerous other accomplishments:	kentucky also holds several other ncaa records in addition to other accomplishments:
however, his right to due process was farcical .	however, his right to due process was questionable .
under the older cronquist system, the garryaceae were placed among the cornales.	under the cronquist system, the garryaceae were placed among the cornales.
it is important that the individual with hypermobility remain extremely fit - even more so than the average individual - to prevent recurrent injuries.	it is important that the individual with hypermobility remain fit - even more so than the average individual - to prevent recurrent injuries.
this, he found , cleared even more the gastro-intestinal tract and removed more toxins and bile than a normal enema.	this, he said , cleared even more the gastro-intestinal tract and removed more toxins and bile than a normal enema.
the same month, he also criticized a proposal by the bloomberg administration to fire more than 4,600 teachers to balance the city's budget, organizing parents and communities against the proposed cuts, and staging a last minute call-a-thon.	the same month, he also criticized a proposal by the bloomberg administration to lay off more than 4,600 teachers to balance the city's budget, organizing parents and communities against the proposed cuts, and staging a last minute call-a-thon.
although the cbpp claims to be non-partisan, two journalists have characterized it as left of center .	while the cbpp claims to be non-partisan, two journalists have characterized it as left of center .
he was the world heavyweight boxing champion from september 23, 1952 to november 30, 1956. as marciano is the only champion of any weight class to retire undefeated and without any draws, he is considered one of the greatest heavyweights of all time.	he was the world heavyweight boxing champion from september 23, 1952 to november 30, 1956. as marciano is the only champion of any weight class to retire undefeated and without any draws, he is considered one of the most skillful heavyweights of all time.
the victim would remain alive and conscious until the saw severed the major blood vessels of the abdomen, and sometimes even longer.	the condemned would remain alive and conscious until the saw severed the major blood vessels of the abdomen, and sometimes even longer.
tariq ibn ziyad or taric bin zeyad (, d. 720), known in spanish history and legend as taric el tuerto (taric the one-eyed), was a berber muslim and umayyad general who led the conquest of visigothic hispania in 711 under the orders of the great umayyad caliph al-walid i. according to the historian ibn khaldoun, tariq ibn ziyad was from the berber tribe of nefzaoua, a particular branch of the oulhasas, which live to this day on the banks of oued tafna, in modern day algeria.	tariq ibn ziyad or taric bin zeyad (, d. 720), known in spanish history and legend as taric el tuerto (taric the one-eyed), was a berber muslim and umayyad general who led the conquest of visigothic hispania in 711 under the orders of the umayyad caliph al-walid i. according to the historian ibn khaldoun, tariq ibn ziyad was from the berber tribe of nefzaoua, a particular branch of the oulhasas, which live to this day on the banks of oued tafna, in modern day algeria.
they searched for management officials and proceeded with a barbaric beating of the officials at the site with iron rods.	they searched for management officials and proceeded with a beating of the officials at the site with iron rods.
the state flag used from 1956 to 2001 (see below) featured a prominent confederate battle flag, which some of the state's residents found offensive due to memories of its historic use by the confederate states of america and its current use as a symbol of various white supremacy groups.	the state flag used from 1956 to 2001 (see below) featured a prominent confederate battle flag, which a majority of the state's residents found offensive due to memories of its historic use by the confederate states of america and its current use as a symbol of various white supremacy groups.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, or the uk) is a state situated in the british isles, off the north-western coast of mainland europe, and surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, or the uk) is a country situated in the british isles, off the north-western coast of mainland europe, and surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.
"lunfardo employs ingenious metaphors such as bobo (""dumb"") for the heart, who ""works all day long without being paid"", or bufoso (""snorter"") for pistol."	"lunfardo employs metaphors such as bobo (""dumb"") for the heart, who ""works all day long without being paid"", or bufoso (""snorter"") for pistol."
ibn nusayr taught that ali, son-in-law of prophet muhammad and fourth caliph of islam, was a manifestation of god.	ibn nusayr taught that ali, son-in-law of muhammad and fourth caliph of islam, was a manifestation of god.
the british activist martin j. walker is politically left-wing, whilst the republican congressman and failed 2008 u.s. presidential candidate ron paul, who supports health freedom , calls himself a free market libertarian.	the british activist martin j. walker is politically left-wing, whilst the republican congressman and 2008 u.s. presidential candidate ron paul, who supports health freedom , calls himself a free market libertarian.
the wanderer, a poorly-recieved 1988 album by kevin rowland, formerly of dexy's midnight runners	the wanderer, a 1988 album by kevin rowland, formerly of dexy's midnight runners
he also supports parental notification for minors who seek an abortion, and opposes government funding for elective abortions.	he also supports parental notification for minors who seek an abortion, and opposes government funding for abortions.
during the filming of the song, 'kinare kinare chale jayenge' of the film vidya, the boat in which they were sitting capsized, but thankfully dev anand saved suraiya from drowning.	during the filming of the song, 'kinare kinare chale jayenge' of the film vidya, the boat in which they were sitting capsized, but dev anand saved suraiya from drowning.
glamourina (born natalia grytsuk on 15 may 1988) is a notable polish fashion blogger who creates fashion outfits.	glamourina (born natalia grytsuk on 15 may 1988) is a polish fashion blogger who creates fashion outfits.
in the movie, bacall even takes on nancy's nickname slim.	in the movie, bacall takes on nancy's nickname slim.
in the 1967 war, it was captured by israel along with the whole salient and the west bank, and remains under israeli control .	in the 1967 war, it was captured by israel along with the whole salient and the west bank, and remains under israeli occupation .
charleswood is home to the dominant charleswood hawks hockey team playing out of the mmjhl	charleswood is home to the charleswood hawks hockey team playing out of the mmjhl
he's also known for writing and directing the cult classic horror comedy trick 'r treat.	he's also known for writing and directing the cult horror comedy trick 'r treat.
kka-ry (, literally the kka school and originally pronounced kka-ry) is a famous school of ninjutsu.	kka-ry (, literally the kka school and originally pronounced kka-ry) is a school of ninjutsu.
he succeeded temporary commander karl kreutz officially on 10 february 1945, and led the division until grievously wounded by an incendiary shell on 9 march 1945 in the vicinity of szkesfehrvr during fighting in hungary.	he succeeded temporary commander karl kreutz officially on 10 february 1945, and led the division until seriously wounded by an incendiary shell on 9 march 1945 in the vicinity of szkesfehrvr during fighting in hungary.
classical liberals understood that in order to protect individual liberty the government must be limited in what it can do.	classical liberals maintained that in order to protect individual liberty the government must be limited in what it can do.
jains are remarkably welcoming and friendly toward other faiths.	jains are traditionally very welcoming and friendly toward other faiths.
"the christianization of sites that had been pagan occurred as a result of spontaneous conversions in early christian times, as well as an important part of the strategy of interpretatio christiana (""christian reinterpretation"") during the christianization of pagan peoples."	"the christianization of sites that had been pagan occurred as a result of conversions in early christian times, as well as an important part of the strategy of interpretatio christiana (""christian reinterpretation"") during the christianization of pagan peoples."
in a fifa world cup 2006 match against italy on june 17, mastroeni was given a questionable red card for an aggressive tackle in the first half.	in a fifa world cup 2006 match against italy on june 17, mastroeni was given a red card for an aggressive tackle in the first half.
fortunately , usbr had drawn down the reservoir enough that it absorbed most of the early high flows.	this time , usbr had drawn down the reservoir enough that it absorbed most of the early high flows.
zionism has been characterized as colonialism, and zionism has been criticized for promoting unfair confiscation of land, involving expulsion of indigenous peoples, and causing violence towards palestinians.	zionism has been characterized as colonialism, and zionism has been criticized for promoting unfair confiscation of land, involving expulsion of peoples, and causing violence towards palestinians.
"its most prominent contract was arguably the beau brummels, a band who released a pair of top 20 singles, ""laugh, laugh"" and ""just a little."""	"its most prominent contract was considered the beau brummels, a band who released a pair of top 20 singles, ""laugh, laugh"" and ""just a little."""
it implies an ease around others and determines our ability to effectively and successfully lead and express.	it implies an ease around others and determines one's ability to effectively and successfully lead and express.
being inland of the town it served the station was never popular and with increased bus traffic cutting the already small passenger numbers and it was closed ironically on april fool's day 1931 .	being inland of the town it served the station was never popular and with increased bus traffic cutting the already small passenger numbers and it was closed on april fool's day 1931 .
building upon its history as a village reading room, the waban library center serves as a gateway for lifelong learning and as a hub for intellectual, cultural, social and physical enrichment.	building upon its history as a village reading room, the waban library center presents itself as a gateway for lifelong learning and as a hub for intellectual, cultural, social and physical enrichment.
"scientology is a new religious movement, or cult originally established as an alternative to psychotherapy in 1951 by science-fiction author l. ron hubbard, then recharacterized by him in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy""."	"scientology is a new religious movement, considered by many to be a cult originally established as an alternative to psychotherapy in 1951 by science-fiction author l. ron hubbard, then recharacterized by him in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy""."
robert burns wrote a lovely version of the lyrics.	robert burns wrote a version of the lyrics.
domestic governments have legitimate monopolies on the use of force - the power of enforcement.	domestic governments have monopolies on the use of force - the power of enforcement.
insulin stimulates the update of valine, leucine, isoleucine, and tyrosine in to skeletal muscle, but not uptake of tryptophan.	insulin stimulates the uptake of valine, leucine, isoleucine, and tyrosine in to skeletal muscle, but not uptake of tryptophan.
instead of being a syncretic religion, islam is the revitalization of the original pure teaching of monotheism (quran 3:3-3:4) with the promise by god that its foundation (the qur'an) will forever be preserved (quran 15:9 and 85:21-85:22).	instead of being a syncretic religion, islam claims to be the revitalization of the original pure teaching of monotheism (quran 3:3-3:4) with the promise by god that its foundation (the qur'an) will forever be preserved (quran 15:9 and 85:21-85:22).
the company's most notorious title was asian babes magazine.	the company's most famous title was asian babes magazine.
initially widely condemned by irish and british alike, the british government's mishandling of the aftermath of the rising, including the rushed executions of its leaders by general maxwell, led to a rise in popularity for an irish republican movement named sinn fin, a small separatist party taken over by the rebellion's survivors.	initially widely condemned by irish and british alike, the british government's handling of the aftermath of the rising, including the rushed executions of its leaders by general maxwell, led to a rise in popularity for an irish republican movement named sinn fin, a small separatist party taken over by the rebellion's survivors.
on the other hand, starting in the 1960s, a large scale project was contemplated to redirect part of the flow of the rivers of the ob basin to central asia over a gigantic canal system.	on the other hand, starting in the 1960s, a large scale project was proposed to redirect part of the flow of the rivers of the ob basin to central asia over a gigantic canal system.
"she is best known for her cheesy celebrity gossip on ""the last word""."	"she is best known for her celebrity gossip on ""the last word""."
"stevenson supposedly visited the island in may 1888 (five years after writing treasure island) and christened it ""treasure island"""	"stevenson supposedly visited the island in may 1888 (five years after writing treasure island) and named it ""treasure island"""
what began with the english parliament asserting a new authority and william looking to expand alliances against france quickly developed into a major distraction, with william being forced to focus attention on ireland and scotland, and parliament having to fund the mercenaries needed to overcome the jacobites.	what began with the english parliament asserting a new authority and william looking to expand alliances against france quickly developed into a major distraction, with william being forced to focus attention on ireland and scotland, and parliament having to fund the armies needed to overcome the jacobites.
felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actress known in the united kingdom for her television and stage work.	felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actor known in the united kingdom for her television and stage work.
"in such an environment, where it is very easy to ascertain a user's ip address a bnc may help to hide the original connection source, as well as providing the opportunity for fun ""vhosts"" or ""virtual hosts""."	"in such an environment, where it is very easy to ascertain a user's ip address a bnc may help to hide the original connection source, as well as providing the opportunity for ""vhosts"" or ""virtual hosts""."
in 1869 hall was dismissed by the india office, which unjustly accused him of being a drunk and a foreign spy, and expelled from the philological society.	in 1869 hall was dismissed by the india office, which accused him of being a drunk and a foreign spy, and expelled from the philological society.
"alfredo james ""al"" pacino (born april 25, 1940) is an academy award, emmy award, and tony award-winning american stage and film actor, regarded by many to be one of the greatest actors of his generation."	"alfredo james ""al"" pacino (born april 25, 1940) is an academy award, emmy award, and tony award-winning american stage and film actor, regarded by many to be one of the seminal actors of his generation."
peter ichko , was a serbian and ottoman diplomat of macedonian background.	peter ichko , was a serbian and ottoman diplomat of bulgarian background.
the 2005 new york city transit strike was a strike against the new york city commuters by several greedy unions, representing the bulk of the authority's work force.	the 2005 new york city transit strike was a strike against the new york city commuters by several unions, representing the bulk of the authority's work force.
while the magazine's followers often acted as a political faction, its internal politics were non-sectarian and open, ranging from social democratic backers of the influential former labour mp tony benn to some of the trotskyist groups.	while the magazine's followers often acted as a political faction, its internal politics were non-sectarian and open, ranging from social democratic backers of the former labour mp tony benn to some of the trotskyist groups.
william schroeder was murdered by national guardsmen during the kent state massacre.	william schroeder was killed by national guardsmen during the kent state massacre.
an official reserve army, composed of non-professional soldiers	an official reserve army, composed of citizen soldiers
the theology of the lds church consists of a mixture of biblical doctrines with reputed revelations and other commentary by lds leaders, particularly joseph smith, jr. the most authoritative sources of theology are the faith's canon of four religious texts, called the faith's standard works.	the theology of the lds church consists of a mixture of biblical doctrines with modern revelations and other commentary by lds leaders, particularly joseph smith, jr. the most authoritative sources of theology are the faith's canon of four religious texts, called the faith's standard works.
gwen gould, former music director of the school at st. luke's was also the founder of the renowned west village chorale, currently directed by michael conley.	gwen gould, former music director of the school at st. luke's was also the founder of the west village chorale, currently directed by michael conley.
failed sting of open society foundations (2016)	attempted sting of open society foundations (2016)
"a vindication of the use of snake oil appears in ""fats that heal: fats that kill"" by udo erasmus 1993 isbn 0-9204470-38-6"	"a discussion of the use of snake oil appears in ""fats that heal: fats that kill"" by udo erasmus 1993 isbn 0-9204470-38-6"
hudson's death is said to have pushed his long time friend and then republican president ronald reagan to change his tune on efforts to fight and publicize the epidemic .	hudson's death is said to have pushed his long time friend and then republican president ronald reagan to change his tune on efforts to fight and publicize the condition .
other films ortolani has scored include il sorpasso (1962), io ho paura (1977), castle of blood (1964), anzio (film), the bliss of mrs. blossom (1968), sette orchidee macchiate di rosso (1972), africa addio (1966), addio zio tom (1971), and the infamous cannibal holocaust (1980).	other films ortolani has scored include il sorpasso (1962), io ho paura (1977), castle of blood (1964), anzio (film), the bliss of mrs. blossom (1968), sette orchidee macchiate di rosso (1972), africa addio (1966), addio zio tom (1971), and the cannibal holocaust (1980).
dawkins is revealed as intolerant of theists, yet demanding tolerance of science, while abandoning true science.	dawkins is portrayed as intolerant of theists, yet demanding tolerance of science, while abandoning true science.
many see him as a dictator who ended democracy and led a regime characterized by torture and favouritism towards the rich, but others believe that he defeated communism and brought economic growth to chile.	many see him as a dictator who ended democracy and led a regime characterized by torture and favouritism towards the rich, while many others believe that he defeated communism and brought economic growth to chile.
anadromous fish such as coho salmon and steelhead are found in local streams but are threatened by overfishing and habitat destruction caused by irresponsible logging practices.	anadromous fish such as coho salmon and steelhead are found in local streams but are threatened by overfishing and habitat destruction caused by logging practices.
it is claimed that ramsay questioned grimshaw's sexuality and her looks saying a picture of a nude woman with multiple breasts on all fours with a pig's face resembled tracy .	it is claimed that ramsay questioned grimshaw's sexuality and her looks saying a picture of a nude woman with multiple breasts on all fours with a pig's face resembled grimshaw .
environmentalists criticized the george w. bush campaign and continue to criticize the bush administration for its refusal to support mainstream environmentalism on a wide range of issues.	environmentalists criticize the george w. bush campaign and continue to criticize the bush administration for its refusal to support mainstream environmentalism on a wide range of issues.
"belcher lost to ufc newcomer, well regarded middleweight yoshihiro akiyama, in a controversial split decision, at ufc 100 on july 11, 2009. the fight earned ""fight of the night"" rewarding both fighters with a record setting $100,000."	"belcher lost to ufc newcomer, well regarded middleweight yoshihiro akiyama, in a split decision, at ufc 100 on july 11, 2009. the fight earned ""fight of the night"" rewarding both fighters with a record setting $100,000."
this hypothesis had little support in the scientific community, but gained temporary popular attention due to a combination of a slight downward trend of temperatures from the 1940s to the early 1970s and press reports that did not accurately reflect the full scope of the scientific climate literature, which showed a larger and faster-growing body of literature projecting future warming due to greenhouse gas emissions.	this hypothesis had some support in the scientific community, but gained temporary popular attention due to a combination of a slight downward trend of temperatures from the 1940s to the early 1970s and press reports that did not accurately reflect the full scope of the scientific climate literature, which showed a larger and faster-growing body of literature projecting future warming due to greenhouse gas emissions.
the untouchables became a solid hit, grossing over $76 million domestically .	the untouchables became a solid hit, grossing over $76 million in the us .
"the 1948 czechoslovak coup d'tat (often simply the czech coup) (, , both meaning ""february 1948"") in communist historiography known as ""victorious february"" was an event late that february in which the communist party of czechoslovakia, with soviet backing, assumed undisputed control over the government of czechoslovakia, marking the onset of four decades of communist dictatorship in the country."	"the 1948 czechoslovak coup d'tat (often simply the czech coup) (, , both meaning ""february 1948"") in communist historiography known as ""victorious february"" was an event late that february in which the communist party of czechoslovakia, with soviet backing, assumed undisputed control over the government of czechoslovakia, marking the onset of four decades of communist single-party government in the country."
rightthe pentagon channel is a tv channel devoted to covering the us armed forces, primarily for viewing by these forces and other united states department of defense (dod) employees while stationed in the us.	station logo the pentagon channel is a tv channel devoted to covering the us armed forces, primarily for viewing by these forces and other united states department of defense (dod) employees while stationed in the us.
the neutral planet: futurama in words, with scripts .	the neutral planet: futurama in words, with transcripts for most episodes .
conspiracy theories about barack obama's citizenship, and other challenges to his eligibility to become president of the united states, circulated during and after the us presidential election of 2008. a number of fringe activists, pundits and minor political opponents of the illinois senator alleged that he was not a natural-born citizen and so was not eligible to become president of the united states under article two of the u.s. constitution.	conspiracy theories about barack obama's citizenship, and other challenges to his eligibility to become president of the united states, circulated during and after the us presidential election of 2008. a number of fringe activists, pundits and political opponents of the illinois senator alleged that he was not a natural-born citizen and so was not eligible to become president of the united states under article two of the u.s. constitution.
new flyer industries inc. is a leading bus manufacturer in north america, headquartered in winnipeg, manitoba, canada.	new flyer industries inc. is a bus manufacturer in north america, headquartered in winnipeg, manitoba, canada.
the fellowship of the new life unfortunately disbanded sometime in the early 1890s but the fabian society grew to become the pre-eminent intellectual society in great britain in the edwardian era.	the fellowship of the new life disbanded sometime in the early 1890s but the fabian society grew to become the pre-eminent intellectual society in great britain in the edwardian era.
so-called anarcho -capitalism advocates the elimination of the state in favor of individual sovereignty in a free market.	anarcho -capitalism advocates the elimination of the state in favor of individual sovereignty in a free market.
the school serves chicago's affluent north shore suburbs of wilmette, glencoe, winnetka, kenilworth, most of northfield, part of glenview and part of northbrook.	the school serves chicago's north shore suburbs of wilmette, glencoe, winnetka, kenilworth, most of northfield, part of glenview and part of northbrook.
conan the hero is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian and his black counterpart juma of kush, a character originally created by l. sprague de camp and lin carter for their conan story the city of skulls.	conan the hero is a fantasy novel written by leonard carpenter featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian and his black counterpart juma of kush, a character originally created by l. sprague de camp and lin carter for their conan story the city of skulls.
"la bien mix party is a successful series of albums by dj hamida mixing various acts but mainly from north africa and other african acts in various genres of music, promoting what he calls ""meknessi style""."	"la bien mix party is a series of albums by dj hamida mixing various acts but mainly from north africa and other african acts in various genres of music, promoting what he calls ""meknessi style""."
it is renowned for originally being performed with all the players totally naked in some scenes.	it is famous for originally being performed with all the players totally naked in some scenes.
pryor is best known as the father of tom cruise's character, joel goodson, in the 1983 hit movie risky business.	pryor is best known as the father of tom cruise's character, joel goodson, in the 1983 movie risky business.
is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of several guantanamo captive s,	is a writ of habeas corpus filed on behalf of several guantanamo detainee ' s,
"they criticise the methods used to identify alternative candidatesreading the work as autobiography, finding coded messages and cryptograms embedded in the works, and concocting conspiracy theories to explain the lack of evidence for any writer but shakespeareas unreliable and unscholarly, and say these methods explain why more than 70 candidates have been identified as the ""true"" author."	"they criticise the methods used to identify alternative candidatesreading the work as autobiography, finding coded messages and cryptograms embedded in the works, and creating conspiracy theories to explain the lack of evidence for any writer but shakespeareas unreliable and unscholarly, and say these methods explain why more than 70 candidates have been identified as the ""true"" author."
western sahara (; , , spanish and french: ) is a disputed territory in the maghreb region of north africa, partially controlled by the self-proclaimed sahrawi arab democratic republic and partially moroccan-occupied, bordered by morocco proper to the north, algeria to the northeast, mauritania to the east and south, and the atlantic ocean to the west.	western sahara (; , , spanish and french: ) is a disputed territory in the maghreb region of north africa, partially occupied by the self-proclaimed sahrawi arab democratic republic and partially moroccan-occupied, bordered by morocco proper to the north, algeria to the northeast, mauritania to the east and south, and the atlantic ocean to the west.
they further claim that, while the purpose of the medjet was not even known to its crew and medical personnel, it was in fact to spirit holloway off the island if she were freed from a drug house in oranjestad, and that holloway's departure was to be covert and without notice to local authorities.	they further indicate that, while the purpose of the medjet was not even known to its crew and medical personnel, it was in fact to spirit holloway off the island if she were freed from a drug house in oranjestad, and that holloway's departure was to be covert and without notice to local authorities.
it also has a number of good restaurants.	it also has a number of restaurants.
practices that some might deem as questionable include: low hourly wages (lack of a so-called living wage), opposition to labor unions, and its contribution to urban sprawl.	practices that some might deem as questionable include: low hourly wages (lack of a living wage), opposition to labor unions, and its contribution to urban sprawl.
tom garrigue masaryk , sometimes called thomas masaryk in english, (7 march 1850 14 september 1937) was an austro-hungarian and czechoslovak statesman , sociologist and philosopher, who as an eager advocate of czechoslovak independence during world war i became the founder and first president of czechoslovakia.	tom garrigue masaryk , sometimes called thomas masaryk in english, (7 march 1850 14 september 1937) was an austro-hungarian and czechoslovak politician , sociologist and philosopher, who as an eager advocate of czechoslovak independence during world war i became the founder and first president of czechoslovakia.
derrick morgan, jamaican ska, rocksteady and reggae superstar .	derrick morgan, jamaican ska, rocksteady and reggae musician .
the mantra reduce, reuse, recycle connotes a dedication to minimizing waste production and inefficient resource use.	the slogan reduce, reuse, recycle connotes a dedication to minimizing waste production and inefficient resource use.
the securities and exchange commission (sec) has conceded that self-regulation of investment banks contributed to the crisis.	the securities and exchange commission (sec) has claimed that self-regulation of investment banks contributed to the crisis.
in 2010, the designers featured their collection at the veet show 2010. along with this, pfdc sunsilk fashion week 2010 was opened by nickie nina featuring a dervish whirling to a spiritual beat which was later followed by the label's exquisite couture collection.	in 2010, the designers featured their collection at the veet show 2010. along with this, pfdc sunsilk fashion week 2010 was opened by nickie nina featuring a dervish whirling to a spiritual beat which was later followed by the label's couture collection.
excavations turned up jewelry too, such as pendants, bracelets, and beads beautifully crafted of seashells acquired from pacific coast indians.	excavations turned up jewelry too, such as pendants, bracelets, and beads crafted of seashells acquired from pacific coast indians.
variously dated to neolithic, iron age and medieval times, the finds initiated a series of claims, counterclaims and heated debates among french archaeologists.	variously dated to neolithic, iron age and medieval times, the finds initiated a series of claims, counterclaims and heated debates among archaeologists.
israel, the united states, and russia have taken this approach, while western european states are generally do not.	israel, the united states, and russia have taken this approach, while western european states generally do not.
the shoqbox is an advanced mp3 player, with attached speakers.	the shoqbox is an mp3 player, with attached speakers.
like pierre curie, rntgen refused to take out patents related to his discovery, as he wanted mankind as a whole to benefit from practical applications of the phenomenon.	like pierre curie, rntgen refused to take out patents related to his discovery, as he wanted society as a whole to benefit from practical applications of the phenomenon.
"tom g. palmer of the cato institute has criticized the blog for carrying columns by controversial figures, such as gary north, whom palmer calls ""one of the oddest of oddballs"" (north has called for the stoning of homosexuals and women who have abortions ), and joseph sobran, who he claims ""speaks at neo-nazi conferences of the institute for historical review""."	"tom g. palmer of the cato institute has criticized the blog for carrying columns by controversial figures, such as gary north, whom palmer calls ""one of the oddest of oddballs"" (north has called for the stoning of homosexuals and women who have abortions ), and joseph sobran, who he notes ""speaks at neo-nazi conferences of the institute for historical review""."
evdokia romanovaevdokia romanova (born 30 april 1990) is a human rights defender , who has campaigned on sexual and reproductive health and rights (srhr) and lgbtqi issues in russia.	evdokia romanovaevdokia romanova (born 30 april 1990) is a human rights activist , who has campaigned on sexual and reproductive health and rights (srhr) and lgbtqi issues in russia.
robertson has made a number of shrewd business deals.	robertson has made a number of profitable business deals.
jonkheer axel merckx , primarly known as simply axel merckx (born august 8, 1972 in uccle), is a belgian former professional road bicycle racer until august 2007. since he began his professional career in 1993, he has won an olympic bronze medal and competed in 8 tours de france, finishing in 6 as the highest-placed belgian rider.	axel merckx , primarly known as simply axel merckx (born august 8, 1972 in uccle), is a belgian former professional road bicycle racer until august 2007. since he began his professional career in 1993, he has won an olympic bronze medal and competed in 8 tours de france, finishing in 6 as the highest-placed belgian rider.
it is available on dvd from sony pictures home entertainment, which includes a supplemental feature documenting the infamous reunion between johnston and his long-time obsession, laurie.	it is available on dvd from sony pictures home entertainment, which includes a supplemental feature documenting the reunion between johnston and his long-time obsession, laurie.
lincoln affirmed only 39 of these for execution (one was later reprieved).	lincoln affirmed 39 of these for execution (one was later reprieved).
treacy was teamed with comedienne gay seabrook to form the double-act treacy and seabrook.	treacy was teamed with comedian gay seabrook to form the double-act treacy and seabrook.
the day after the virginia tech massacre, olbermann listed three conservative bloggers (debbie schlussel, nathaniel blake, and john derbyshire) who each made reprehensible comments about the massacre.	the day after the virginia tech massacre, olbermann listed three conservative bloggers (debbie schlussel, nathaniel blake, and john derbyshire) who each made comments about the massacre.
but it was in 1962 when the tournament gain its prestige after it was swept through the sublime football of a santos team led by pel won the title after defeating benfica 3-2 in rio de janeiro and thrashing the europeans 2-5 in their estdio da luz.	but it was in 1962 when the tournament gain its prestige after it was swept through the football of a santos team led by pel won the title after defeating benfica 3-2 in rio de janeiro and thrashing the europeans 2-5 in their estdio da luz.
female genital cutting mutilation is present in tajikistan.	female genital cutting is present in tajikistan.
croatian war of independence (croatian: domovinski rat (homeland war), serbian: or rat u hrvatskoj (war in croatia)), was a war in croatia from 1991 to 1995, between the croatian government and serbs, who were backed by the yugoslav people's army.	croatian war of independence (croatian: domovinski rat (homeland war), serbian: or rat u hrvatskoj (war in croatia)), was a greater serbian aggression in croatia from 1991 to 1995, between the croatian government and serbs, who were backed by the yugoslav people's army.
the traditional vietnamese account has been criticized by many to be a highly fictionalized account created in the 14th century to encourage vietnamese patriotism.	the traditional vietnamese account has been alleged by many to be a highly fictionalized account created in the 14th century to encourage vietnamese patriotism.
at the summit of james street, the course turns right onto northwest drive, left onto lewis road, then left onto ocean avenue, offering runners a spectacular view of long island sound.	at the summit of james street, the course turns right onto northwest drive, left onto lewis road, then left onto ocean avenue, offering runners a view of long island sound.
bairam khan (persian: ) (d. 1561) was a turkoman military general who served as the regent to the underage mughal ruler akbar, who came to power in 1556. bairam was very important in securing akbar's rule during the young ruler's first years in power.	bairam khan (persian: ) (d. 1561) was a turkoman military general who served as the regent to the mughal ruler akbar, who came to power in 1556. bairam was very important in securing akbar's rule during the young ruler's first years in power.
he has two beautiful daughters, griffin and sarahann.	he has two daughters, griffin and sarahann.
children's cartoons intended merely as toy advertising dominated the afternoon cartoon shows and saturday morning cartoons, with the only experimentation and development in animation taking place in small, independent animated cartoons.	children's cartoons intended primarily as toy advertising dominated the afternoon cartoon shows and saturday morning cartoons, with the only experimentation and development in animation taking place in small, independent animated cartoons.
the domestic forces which significantly influenced the concept of colonization included the abortive slave rebellion which was headed by gabriel in 1800, during president james monroe's tenure as governor of the state of virginia, and the alarming increase in the number of free african-americans in the united states.	the domestic forces which significantly influenced the concept of colonization included the abortive slave rebellion which was headed by gabriel in 1800, during president james monroe's tenure as governor of the state of virginia, and the rapid increase in the number of free african-americans in the united states.
the soviet occupation of the baltic states covers the period from the sovietbaltic mutual assistance pacts in 1939, to their invasion and illegal annexation in 1940, to the mass deportations of 1941.	the soviet occupation of the baltic states covers the period from the sovietbaltic mutual assistance pacts in 1939, to their invasion and annexation in 1940, to the mass deportations of 1941.
ayrton senna da silva (pronounced / (helpinfo/, march 21, 1960 – may 1, 1994) was a brazilian racing driver and three-times formula one world champion.	ayrton senna da silva (pronounced / (helpinfo/, march 21, 1960 – may 1, 1994) was a brazilian racing driver and triple formula one world champion.
his later step-father was a vice-president at brandeis university, waltham, massachusetts, where jeph met one of his mentors and greatest influences in comic book writing, the legendary elliot maggin.	his later step-father was a vice-president at brandeis university, waltham, massachusetts, where jeph met one of his mentors and greatest influences in comic book writing, the writer elliot maggin.
both tecro and teco are unofficial commercial entities of taiwan in charge of maintaining bilateral relations, providing consular services, and serving the interests of the roc in other countries in some ways that are similar to diplomatic offices.	both tecro and teco are unofficial commercial entities of taiwan in charge of maintaining bilateral relations, providing consular services, and serving the interests of the roc in other countries in some ways that are not dissimilar to diplomatic offices.
one owner in shenzhen was paid between 10 and 20 million yuan (us $1.3 million to $2.7 million) for selling a seven-story building at the site of the future 439-meter (1,440 foot) kingkey finance tower, that had cost him only 1 million yuan ($130,000) to build ten years before.	one owner in shenzhen was paid between 10 and 20 million yuan (us $1.3 million to $2.7 million) for selling a seven-story building at the site of the future 439-meter (1,440 foot) kingkey finance tower, that had cost him 1 million yuan ($130,000) to build ten years before.
the slab can be decoupled from ground temperatures by insulation, with the concrete poured directly over insulation (for example, styrofoam panels), or heating provisions (such as hydronic heating) can be built into the slab (an expensive installation, with associated running expenses).	the slab can be decoupled from ground temperatures by insulation, with the concrete poured directly over insulation (for example, panels), or heating provisions (such as hydronic heating) can be built into the slab (an expensive installation, with associated running expenses).
her brother's views and her association with leftist causes may have influenced the roeder's decision to move to mexico by the 1950s when mccarthyism was rampant in the united states.	her brother's views and her association with leftist causes may have influenced the roeder's decision to move to mexico by the 1950s when mccarthyism was prevalent in the united states.
she quickly recovered from the surgery, and discussed her past health problems on the rosie show in march 2012.	she recovered from the surgery, and discussed her past health problems on the rosie show in march 2012.
by the time the 1992 dangerous world tour came around, this spectacular performance became a regular on jackson tours.	by the time the 1992 dangerous world tour came around, this performance became a regular on jackson tours.
the republic of turkey and its giant eastern neighbour iran have had generally had calm and good relations.	the republic of turkey and its eastern neighbour iran have had generally had calm and good relations.
he is best known for his portrayal of eric forman on the fox sitcom that '70s show, eddie brock/venom in the sam raimi film spider-man 3, carter duryea in the film in good company and edwin in the 2010 film predators.	he is known for his portrayal of eric forman on the fox sitcom that '70s show, eddie brock/venom in the sam raimi film spider-man 3, carter duryea in the film in good company and edwin in the 2010 film predators.
ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american attorney, conservative columnist, political commentator and best-selling author, known for her irony and sarcasm.	ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is a controversial american attorney, conservative columnist, political commentator and best-selling author, known for her irony and sarcasm.
as a result of the investigation, the former master of the college, bruce aitken, offered his resignation on 20 july 2012. however, some of the changes proposed by the commission, including things such as the removal of regular formal dining and the unnecessary name change of various college facilities, generated significant controversy.	as a result of the investigation, the former master of the college, bruce aitken, offered his resignation on 20 july 2012. however, some of the changes proposed by the commission, including things such as the removal of regular formal dining and the name change of various college facilities, generated significant controversy.
december 29 soprano eugenia tadolini makes a brilliant house debut at the teatro regio di parma.	december 29 soprano eugenia tadolini makes a house debut at the teatro regio di parma.
in pursuit of this claim in 1982, the islands were invaded by argentina, precipitating the two-month-long undeclared falklands war between argentina and the united kingdom, which resulted in the humiliating defeat and withdrawal of argentine forces.	in pursuit of this claim in 1982, the islands were invaded by argentina, precipitating the two-month-long undeclared falklands war between argentina and the united kingdom, which resulted in the defeat and withdrawal of argentine forces.
many cities that have already implemented congestion pricing are looking at ways to expand and improve their systems.	some cities that have already implemented congestion pricing are looking at ways to expand and improve their systems.
texas is unique among the 48 continental states as it is the only one of the latter to have indisputably been a sovereign state prior to joining the united states; hawaii is the only other us state to have previously shared that status.	texas is unique among the 48 continental states as it is the only one of the latter to have been a sovereign state prior to joining the united states; hawaii is the only other us state to have previously shared that status.
the irish republican army (ira) was a military /terrorist organisation descended from the irish volunteers, established 25 november 1913 and who in april 1916 staged the easter rising.	the irish republican army (ira) was a military organisation descended from the irish volunteers, established 25 november 1913 and who in april 1916 staged the easter rising.
unfortunately in 1826, a severe flood destroyed the fort.	in 1826, a severe flood destroyed the fort.
in 2006 fisher started dating famed news helicopter pilot-reporter bob tur until they split later the same year due to fisher's prescription drug addition.	in 2006 fisher started dating news helicopter pilot-reporter bob tur until they split later the same year due to fisher's prescription drug addition.
morgellons or morgellons disease is a controversial name for a polysymptomatic syndrome characterized by the patient's presentation of intense itching, skin lesions and the patient's claim of finding unusual structures, fibers or objects in or on the skin as well as a wide range of other chronic symptoms.	morgellons or morgellons disease is a controversial name for an alleged polysymptomatic syndrome characterized by the patient's presentation of intense itching, skin lesions and the patient's claim of finding unusual structures, fibers or objects in or on the skin as well as a wide range of other chronic symptoms.
"however the european patent convention, article 52 specifically excludes ""programs for computers"" as such."	"the european patent convention, article 52 specifically excludes ""programs for computers"" as such."
"palin opposed the 2010 health care reform package, saying it would lead to rationing of health care by a bureaucracy, which she described using the analogy ""death panels""."	"palin opposed the 2010 health care reform package, saying it would lead to rationing of health care by a bureaucracy, which she described using the term ""death panels""."
hancock's chief areas of interest are ancient mysteries , stone monuments or megaliths, altered states of consciousness, ancient myths and astronomical/astrological data from the past.	hancock's chief areas of interest are ancient myths , stone monuments or megaliths, altered states of consciousness, ancient myths and astronomical/astrological data from the past.
monica hesse of the washington post stated that upon discovery of the hoax, bloggers, women, gays and lesbians, and syrians were unhappy, since a blog that claimed to be one of them was written by an american straight male.	monica hesse of the washington post wrote that upon discovery of the hoax, bloggers, women, gays and lesbians, and syrians were unhappy, since a blog that claimed to be one of them was written by an american straight male.
helmut kohl, 87, german statesman , chancellor (19821998), minister-president of rhineland-palatinate (19691976).	helmut kohl, 87, german politician , chancellor (19821998), minister-president of rhineland-palatinate (19691976).
"the album features the smash singles ""unpredictable"" , ""bad boy"" , ""does he love me"" and ""let the music take you""."	"the album features the singles ""unpredictable"" , ""bad boy"" , ""does he love me"" and ""let the music take you""."
opposition to water fluoridation primarily exists because of a concern over what some believe to be a lack of quality research demonstrating its efficacy and safety , a fear that it may cause serious health problems, despite all medical evidence to the contrary, and a general resistance to the idea of compulsory 'mass medication' which takes away an individual's right to choose.	opposition to water fluoridation primarily exists because of a concern over what some believe to be a lack of quality research demonstrating its efficacy and safety , a fear that it may cause serious health problems, despite medical evidence to the contrary, and a general resistance to the idea of compulsory 'mass medication' which takes away an individual's right to choose.
brendan oneill of spiked touched on the racist undertones inherent in the docu-thriller:	brendan oneill of spiked touched on the racist undertones he felt were in the docu-thriller:
the inspiration for the name is a famous reference to cleveland, describing a highly sophisticated society amid a heavily forested environment in alexis de tocqueville's democracy in america, which contains the frenchman's observations of the united states in the 1830s.	the inspiration for the name is a famous to cleveland, describing a highly sophisticated society amid a heavily forested environment in alexis de tocqueville's democracy in america, which contains the frenchman's observations of the united states in the 1830s.
where she portrays the humorous child-woman character baby poleng.	where she portrays the child-woman character baby poleng.
heavy logging of the trees for its fine timber coupled with the trees' slow growth has led to remaining stands being less than 105 square kilometres (26,000 acres).	heavy logging of the trees for its timber coupled with the trees' slow growth has led to remaining stands being less than 105 square kilometres (26,000 acres).
msu continued its outstanding record of students earning prestigious scholarships with the naming of truman and goldwater winners in 2003. the scholarship count now stands at: rhodes, 16; churchill, 14; truman, 13; goldwater, 11; marshall, seven; and mitchell and gates, one each.	msu continued its excellent record of students earning prestigious scholarships with the naming of truman and goldwater winners in 2003. the scholarship count now stands at: rhodes, 16; churchill, 14; truman, 13; goldwater, 11; marshall, seven; and mitchell and gates, one each.
in 2000, trumpeter sergei nakariakov played a notable version of variations on a rococo theme in a transcription for the flugelhorn.	in 2000, trumpeter sergei nakariakov played a version of variations on a rococo theme in a transcription for the flugelhorn.
the bambi effect is an informal name used primarily by hunters and trappers for the emotional impact of the harvesting of animals which the public considers adorable, regardless of what the opponents consider are environmental and economic realities.	the bambi effect is an informal name used primarily by hunters and trappers for the emotional impact of the killing of animals which the public considers adorable, regardless of what the opponents consider are environmental and economic realities.
parapsychology is a field of study concerned with the investigation of evidence for alleged paranormal events such as psychokinesis, clairvoyance, and telepathy, that are either rejected or ignored by mainstream scientific consensus.	parapsychology is a field of study concerned with the investigation of evidence for paranormal events such as psychokinesis, clairvoyance, and telepathy, that are either rejected or ignored by mainstream scientific consensus.
this is alleged to provide direct support for the idea that genetic susceptibility to disease is not determined at birth, but varies with exposure to environmental influences.	this is argued to provide direct support for the idea that genetic susceptibility to disease is not determined at birth, but varies with exposure to environmental influences.
ma'on, har hebron: a modern israeli settlement in judea , near the ancient one whose name it carries.	ma'on, har hebron: a modern israeli settlement in the southern west bank , near the ancient one whose name it carries.
microstamping: csgv supports the implementation and research relating to firearm microstamping, an emerging and much- disputed ballistic identification technology which allows law enforcement to trace the serial number of a firearm from an ejected cartridge case(s) recovered at a crime scene, on state and federal levels.	microstamping: csgv supports the implementation and research relating to firearm microstamping, an emerging and disputed ballistic identification technology which allows law enforcement to trace the serial number of a firearm from an ejected cartridge case(s) recovered at a crime scene, on state and federal levels.
in a press conference the following day, franchione refused to answer questions regarding his future at a&m.	in a press conference the following day, franchione declined to answer questions regarding his future at a&m.
the republic of india is a large third-world country in south asia, with a population of over one billion.	the republic of india is a large country in south asia, with a population of over one billion.
in 1950, savalas hosted a popular radio show called the coffeehouse in new york city.	in 1950, savalas hosted a radio show called the coffeehouse in new york city.
the 8.1% share of the vote he secured was a personal humiliation for a man who still hoped that he would be called to serve as prime minister some day, although the um as a whole was buoyed by the immigration problem , which it saw as the next big issue in british politics.	the 8.1% share of the vote he secured was a personal humiliation for a man who still hoped that he would be called to serve as prime minister some day, although the um as a whole was buoyed by the immigration issue , which it saw as the next big issue in british politics.
casey, like his late father, is strongly pro-life.	casey, like his late father, is pro-life.
...that artin penik, a turkish-armenian, set himself on fire in protest of the terrorist attacks against turks by the armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia (asala)?	...that artin penik, a turkish-armenian, set himself on fire in protest of the attacks against turks by the armenian secret army for the liberation of armenia (asala)?
in 2012, diana was finally honored by naras with a lifetime achievement grammy award in her 50th year in the music business.	in 2012, diana was honored by naras with a lifetime achievement grammy award in her 50th year in the music business.
his wonderful vocal longevity allowed him to continue singing into old age, making a triumphant, if belated, debut at the metropolitan opera, on september 25, 1985, as falstaff, at the age of 69.	his vocal longevity allowed him to continue singing into old age, making a triumphant, if belated, debut at the metropolitan opera, on september 25, 1985, as falstaff, at the age of 69.
the mast, whilst an enormous intrusion on the landscape, has become a well known and loved mendip landmark and can provide some spectacular images when engulfed in fog or cloud or illuminated in full sunlight.	the mast, whilst an intrusion on the landscape, has become a well known and loved mendip landmark and can provide some spectacular images when engulfed in fog or cloud or illuminated in full sunlight.
an example is the book poem of the man god which received praise from pope pius xii's confessor, and was presented to pius xii during a special audience in 1948 in which he supposedly approved it, and the servite priests present signed an affidavit to that effect.	an example is the book poem of the man god which received praise from pope pius xii's confessor, and was presented to pius xii during a special audience in 1948 in which he reportedly approved it, and the servite priests present signed an affidavit to that effect.
"brian harold may cbe (born 19 july 1947 in hampton, london) became famous in the 1970s and 1980s as the virtuoso guitarist of the rock group queen and composed many of queen's hits, including ""we will rock you"", ""hammer to fall"", ""tie your mother down"", ""who wants to live forever"", ""i want it all"", and ""the show must go on""."	"brian harold may cbe (born 19 july 1947 in hampton, london) became famous in the 1970s and 1980s as the guitarist of the rock group queen and composed many of queen's hits, including ""we will rock you"", ""hammer to fall"", ""tie your mother down"", ""who wants to live forever"", ""i want it all"", and ""the show must go on""."
the adoption of kali by the west has raised accusations of cultural misappropriation :	the adoption of kali by the west has raised accusations of cultural appropriation :
much of the supported accommodation in the uk is also provided by housing associations, with specialist projects for people with mental health or learning disabilities, with substance misuse problems (alcohol or illegal drugs), the formerly homeless, young people, ex-offenders, asylum seekers, and women fleeing domestic violence.	much of the supported accommodation in the uk is also provided by housing associations, with specialist projects for people with mental health or learning disabilities, with substance misuse problems (alcohol or illegal drugs), the formerly homeless, young people, ex-offenders, asylum seekers, and people fleeing domestic violence.
"in a dizzying and beautifully surreal conclusion, the six champions of order and former anarchist ring-leaders chase down the disturbing and whimsical sunday, the man who calls himself ""the peace of god""."	"in a dizzying and surreal conclusion, the six champions of order and former anarchist ring-leaders chase down the disturbing and whimsical sunday, the man who calls himself ""the peace of god""."
frederick paul fromm (born january 3 1949), known as paul fromm, is a canadian far-right political figure with links to neo-nazis though he denies being a neo-nazi himself.	frederick paul fromm (born january 3 1949), known as paul fromm, is a canadian political figure with links to neo-nazis though he denies being a neo-nazi himself.
in an october 22, 1996, address to the pontifical academy of sciences, pope john paul ii accepted evolution of the human body:	in an october 22, 1996, address to the pontifical academy of sciences, pope john paul ii updated the church's position to accept evolution of the human body:
"mustafa a'ashi and other scholars emphasise that ""tifinagh"" comes from the two berber words itif + negh, meaning our invention in the berber language; however, given that the singular is tafineq (of which tifinagh is the regular plural), the etymology more commonly given (eg by karl prasse) relates to to the greek phoinikos ""phoenician""."	"mustafa a'ashi and other scholars claims that ""tifinagh"" comes from the two berber words itif + negh, meaning our invention in the berber language; however, given that the singular is tafineq (of which tifinagh is the regular plural), the etymology more commonly given (eg by karl prasse) relates to to the greek phoinikos ""phoenician""."
the very first stinger fired in anger shot down an argentine pucar ground attack aircraft.	the very first stinger fired in military operations shot down an argentine pucar ground attack aircraft.
he remained close to carradine after the show's cancellation, until his passing on june 3, 2009, where potter paid tribute to his mentor's family on his message boards.	he remained close to carradine after the show's cancellation, until his death on june 3, 2009, where potter paid tribute to his mentor's family on his message boards.
around 350,000 children are affected.	around 350,000 students are affected.
even though movies have had more success in game convertion, not all movie games are good .	even though movies have had more success in game convertion, not all movie games are popular amongst the gaming community .
many greek nationalists dogmatically believe that the modern greeks are pure descendants of the ancient greeks; on the other extreme are those that believe that the ancient greeks genetically disappeared at some point in time (for example, see jakob philipp fallmerayer).	a number of greek nationalists dogmatically believe that the modern greeks are pure descendants of the ancient greeks; on the other extreme are those that believe that the ancient greeks genetically disappeared at some point in time (for example, see jakob philipp fallmerayer).
"canada day does not commemorate a clear-cut date of ""independence"" or ""founding,"" but instead merely commemorates the begining of the establishment of the canadian confederation through the 1867 british north america act."	"canada day does not commemorate a clear-cut date of ""independence"" or ""founding,"" but instead commemorates the begining of the establishment of the canadian confederation through the 1867 british north america act."
the film was released just eight weeks prior to the establishment of the pg-13 rating.	the film was released eight weeks prior to the establishment of the pg-13 rating.
la salle institute (lsi) is an all-male private catholic college prepatory school operated by the brothers of the christian schools, serving young men in grades six through twelve in troy new york.	la salle institute (lsi) is an all-male private catholic college prepatory school operated by the brothers of the christian schools, enrolling young men in grades six through twelve in troy new york.
bitcoin is a distributed electronic cash protocol that uses cryptographic technologies and a vast network of computing power to make and verify online payments.	bitcoin is a distributed electronic cash protocol that uses cryptographic technologies and a network of computing power to make and verify online payments.
epstein's false claim to be a holocaust survivor	epstein's claim to be a holocaust survivor
gabin served on the faculty at montserrat until his retirement in 1998. he was professor emeritus at the college until his passing in january 2012.	gabin served on the faculty at montserrat until his retirement in 1998. he was professor emeritus at the college until his death in january 2012.
for the production of the various chocolates, venchi prefers cocoa originating from the best plantations in central/south america and africa, distilled rum from the caribbean, as well as natural vanilla.	for the production of the various chocolates, venchi prefers cocoa originating from the plantations in central/south america and africa, distilled rum from the caribbean, as well as natural vanilla.
may 31 - 2009 shaanxi dog massacre	may 31 - 2009 shaanxi dog -free zone
this ensured only the best got to work there.	this was intended to ensure that only the best got to work there.
comedienne /actress mo'nique filmed the showtime stand-up comedy special, i coulda been your cellmate (2006), and tv documentary, mo'nique behind bars (2007), at orw.	comedian /actress mo'nique filmed the showtime stand-up comedy special, i coulda been your cellmate (2006), and tv documentary, mo'nique behind bars (2007), at orw.
internet explorer 8 beta 1 passes 18 of the tests, provided it is executed with sane security settings (rendering the page under the trusted sites settings causes a test that checks for unsafe script execution to fail).	internet explorer 8 beta 1 passes 18 of the tests, provided it is executed with the default security settings (rendering the page under the trusted sites settings causes a test that checks for unsafe script execution to fail).
family guy has also received harsh criticism for what critics see as premises and humor too similar to those featured in the simpsons, another animated series on the fox network.	family guy has also received criticism for what critics see as premises and humor too similar to those featured in the simpsons, another animated series on the fox network.
libertarianism, a capitalist ideology which emphasizes individual liberty.	libertarianism, a philosophy or ideology which emphasizes individual liberty.
gennady ivanovich ulanov (; born november 7, 1929) is a soviet statesman and party leader in 1983-1990 first secretary of the kaluga regional committee of communist party of the soviet union.	gennady ivanovich ulanov (; born november 7, 1929) is a soviet politician and party leader in 1983-1990 first secretary of the kaluga regional committee of communist party of the soviet union.
his 1959 play a loss of roses, with carol haney, warren beatty, and betty field, was filmed as the stripper (1963), with joanne woodward, richard beymer and claire trevor, and a memorable jerry goldsmith score.	his 1959 play a loss of roses, with carol haney, warren beatty, and betty field, was filmed as the stripper (1963), with joanne woodward, richard beymer and claire trevor, and a popular jerry goldsmith score.
an addictive mashed-up recipe of dancehall, electro, grime and world music, showbiz records only pressed 500 copies of the independent vinyl single galang, but that was enough for her to win the widespread and immediate support of djs and the media.	an innovative mashed-up recipe of dancehall, electro, grime and world music, showbiz records only pressed 500 copies of the independent vinyl single galang, but that was enough for her to win the widespread and immediate support of djs and the media.
in 2000 audiences got a glimpse of heathers beautiful singing voice when she sang her version of the bette midler classic the rose in an episode of londons burning.	in 2000 audiences got a glimpse of heathers singing voice when she sang her version of the bette midler classic the rose in an episode of londons burning.
in any event, the decision to open fire without any warning, when bonnie was not wanted for any violent crime, was, and has remained, a source of enormous controversy.	in any event, the decision to open fire without any warning, when bonnie was not wanted for any violent crime, was, and has remained, a source of controversy.
the most famous member of both families is actress/ comedienne julie brown, whose father, leonard, worked for years at nbc and whose mother, celia mccann-brown, who is of mexican descent herself, and has been a movie and television extra for years.	the most famous member of both families is actress/ comedian julie brown, whose father, leonard, worked for years at nbc and whose mother, celia mccann-brown, who is of mexican descent herself, and has been a movie and television extra for years.
the ground itself is located beside newbridge train station and hence was christened station road.	the ground itself is located beside newbridge train station and hence was named station road.
the patient should be encouraged to control their breathing.	the patient should be encouraged to control his/her breathing.
the second, third, and fourth largest asteroids (vesta, pallas and hygiea) could be classified as dwarf planets if it is shown that their shape is determined by hydrostatic equilibrium.	the second, third, and fourth largest objects in the main asteroid belt (vesta, pallas and hygiea) could be classified as dwarf planets if it is shown that their shape is determined by hydrostatic equilibrium.
an outrigger canoe over the clear waters of white island.	an outrigger canoe over the waters of white island.
vladimir ii monomakh, one of the greatest rulers of kievan rus.	vladimir ii monomakh, one of the most famous rulers of kievan rus.
similarly , the state gop has been at odds with the lds church position opposing concealed firearms in places of worship.	on second ammendment issues , the state gop has been at odds with the lds church position opposing concealed firearms in places of worship.
he is the legitimate son of lucha libre legend perro aguayo.	he is the son of lucha libre legend perro aguayo.
sensational movies like jaws have provided sharks with an unearned bad reputation.	sensational movies like jaws have provided sharks with an unrealistic bad reputation.
a train station, properly referred to as a railway station (in british english, irish english, canadian english, australian english, new zealand english, indian english, pakistani english, south african english) or a railroad station (in us english) and often shortened to just station, is a railway facility where trains regularly stop to load or unload passengers or freight.	a train station, also referred to as a railway station (in british english, irish english, canadian english, australian english, new zealand english, indian english, pakistani english, south african english) or a railroad station (in us english) and often shortened to just station, is a railway facility where trains regularly stop to load or unload passengers or freight.
twelve of the legions founded before christ were still active until at least the fifth century, notably v macedonica which was founded by augustus in 43 bc and was in egypt in the seventh century during the islamic conquest of egypt.	twelve of the legions founded before common era were still active until at least the fifth century, notably v macedonica which was founded by augustus in 43 bc and was in egypt in the seventh century during the islamic conquest of egypt.
csgv supports smart policies that it claims save lives and protect rights, such as property rights, that have been infringed by the pro-gun rights lobby.	csgv supports policies that it claims save lives and protect rights, such as property rights, that have been infringed by the pro-gun rights lobby.
born to virginia gentry, washington had early opportunities in his education and in military service which he exploited.	born into slave-holding colonial virginia gentry, washington had early opportunities in his education and in military service which he exploited.
in responses to the night porter, cavani was both celebrated for her courage in dealing with the disturbing theme of sexual transgression and, simultaneously, castigated for the controversial manner in which she presented that transgression: within the context of a nazi holocaust narrative.	in responses to the night porter, cavani was both celebrated for her courage in dealing with the theme of sexual transgression and, simultaneously, castigated for the controversial manner in which she presented that transgression: within the context of a nazi holocaust narrative.
the bastard son of ngel castro y argiz, an immigrant from galicia, spain, and his cook lina ruz gonzlez, castro was educated at jesuit schools, including the preparatory school colegio beln in havana.	the son of ngel castro y argiz, an immigrant from galicia, spain, and his cook lina ruz gonzlez, castro was educated at jesuit schools, including the preparatory school colegio beln in havana.
in 2008, he criticized the nonviolent albert einstein institution for training violent opposition forces.	in 2008, he criticized the nonviolent albert einstein institution for training opposition forces.
"the lyric ""go west, young man"" is a reference to a famous phrase by horace greeley, who, in a 13 july 1865 editorial, famously advised: ""go west, young man, go west and grow up with the country."""	"the lyric ""go west, young man"" is a reference to a famous phrase by horace greeley, who, in a 13 july 1865 editorial, advised: ""go west, young man, go west and grow up with the country."""
atmosphere had a loyal beta-testing community, whose members constructed many worlds and avatars, promoted the software by word of mouth, and conducted community events, such as world tours and building contests.	atmosphere had a dedicated beta-testing community, whose members constructed many worlds and avatars, promoted the software by word of mouth, and conducted community events, such as world tours and building contests.
on november 13, 2017, woods tweeted a photo and caption from bloomington, minnesota's mall of america that some twin cities news organizations found offensive and racist.	on november 13, 2017, woods tweeted a video and caption from bloomington, minnesota's mall of america that some twin cities news organizations found offensive and racist.
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (abbreviated as the lds church, often colloquially referred to as the mormon church) is a restorationist christian church, and is the largest denomination originating from the latter day saint movement founded by joseph smith, jr. circa 1830. the church is headquartered in salt lake city, utah, and has established congregations (called wards or branches) worldwide.	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (abbreviated as the lds church, often colloquially referred to as the mormon church) is a restorationist church, and is the largest denomination originating from the latter day saint movement founded by joseph smith, jr. circa 1830. the church is headquartered in salt lake city, utah, and has established congregations (called wards or branches) worldwide.
"these criticisms were also masterfully dealt with by douard lockroy in a letter of support written to alphand, ironically saying ""judging by the stately swell of the rhythms, the beauty of the metaphors, the elegance of its delicate and precise style, one can tell that...this protest is the result of collaboration of the most famous writers and poets of our time"", and going on to point out that the protest was irrelevant since the project had been decided upon months before and was already under construction."	"these criticisms were also dealt with by douard lockroy in a letter of support written to alphand, ironically saying ""judging by the stately swell of the rhythms, the beauty of the metaphors, the elegance of its delicate and precise style, one can tell that...this protest is the result of collaboration of the most famous writers and poets of our time"", and going on to point out that the protest was irrelevant since the project had been decided upon months before and was already under construction."
israel's annexation of the shebaa farms has been contested by hezbollah (since may 2000), and trumpeted as a reason for its continued attacks on israel after israel's unilateral withdrawal from lebanon.	israel's annexation of the shebaa farms has been contested by hezbollah (since may 2000), and advanced as a reason for its continued attacks on israel after israel's unilateral withdrawal from lebanon.
tamper resistance finds application in smart cards, set-top boxes and other devices that use digital restrictions management.	tamper resistance finds application in smart cards, set-top boxes and other devices that use digital rights management.
gunmen kill thirteen people and wound fifteen at a birthday party in the violent mexican border city of ciudad jurez.	gunmen kill thirteen people and wound fifteen at a birthday party in the mexican border city of ciudad jurez.
a hooters girl in singapore, 2008	a hooters employee in singapore, 2008
the fourth, in 1988, is little dorrit, a major uk feature film starring alec guinness and derek jacobi amongst a large cast of over 300 british actors directed by christine edzard.	the fourth, in 1988, is little dorrit, a uk feature film starring alec guinness and derek jacobi amongst a large cast of over 300 british actors directed by christine edzard.
roupell avoided capture and returned to the uk via neutral spain almost two years later after having been in hiding working as a labourer on a french farm.	roupell avoided capture and returned to the uk via non-belligerent spain almost two years later after having been in hiding working as a labourer on a french farm.
luxembourg was guaranteed independence and neutrality from its three surrounding neighbors (belgium, france and prussia) but it rejoined the german customs union, the zollverein, and remained a member until its disillusion in 1919.	luxembourg was guaranteed independence and neutrality from its three surrounding neighbors (belgium, france and prussia) but it rejoined the german customs union, the zollverein, and remained a member until its dissolution in 1919.
his victories at laguna seca (after a brave pass down the corkscrew corner over stoner, who crashed but continued and took the second place) and at a rain-shortened race in indianapolis, meant that rossi has won in every current circuit in the calendar.	his victories at laguna seca (after a pass down the corkscrew corner over stoner, who crashed but continued and took the second place) and at a rain-shortened race in indianapolis, meant that rossi has won in every current circuit in the calendar.
9/11 conspiracy theories are conspiracy theories that reject the mainstream interpretation of the september 11 attacks in the united states.	9/11 conspiracy theories are certain theories that reject the mainstream interpretation of the september 11 attacks in the united states.
graffiti is a type of vandalism— deliberate human markings on property.	graffiti is a type of deliberate human markings on property.
however, this dream does not last long as new conflicts show the world that mankind never learns from its mistakes.	however, this dream does not last long as new conflicts show the world that humankind never learns from its mistakes.
subjects of punditry vs. areas of academic expertise	subjects of extra-academic commentary vs. areas of academic expertise
attack on titan by hajime isayama follows a group of humans as they try to survive and prevent mankind 's extinction from the terror of the titans.	attack on titan by hajime isayama follows a group of humans as they try to survive and prevent humankind 's extinction from the terror of the titans.
"a popular ""peep show"" along st catherine street in montreal's gay village."	"a ""peep show"" along st catherine street in montreal's gay village."
sculptures across the picturesque town center commemorate historical trades, especially brewing and mountain farming.	sculptures across the town center commemorate historical trades, especially brewing and mountain farming.
she is notable for her work helping to defend omar khadr, a detainee at guantanamo bay detention camp, charged with murder for the death of an american soldier during a skirmish in afghanistan on july 27 2002.	she is notable for her work helping to defend omar khadr, a captive at guantanamo bay detention camp, charged with murder for the death of an american soldier during a skirmish in afghanistan on july 27 2002.
"what transpired next, and reiner's role in it, was memorably captured by the bbc's correspondent, robert stimson, who witnessed the event, and filed a radio report that night: ""as he got to the top of the steps ... (a) thick-set man."	"what transpired next, and reiner's role in it, was captured by the bbc's correspondent, robert stimson, who witnessed the event, and filed a radio report that night: ""as he got to the top of the steps ... (a) thick-set man."
the building is considered one of the more important works of architect thom mayne, who won the pritzker prize in 2005. the building won a number of awards, but its design was not without controversy with a number of students and area residents criticizing its unusual faade and bleak concrete interior.	the building is considered one of the more important works of architect thom mayne, who won the pritzker prize in 2005. the building won a number of awards, but its design was not without controversy with a number of students and area residents criticizing its unusual faade and concrete interior.
nina arvesen (born may 16, 1961 in white plains, new york) is an american actress .	nina arvesen (born may 16, 1961 in white plains, new york) is an american actor .
tired of endless content battles and feeling he had a lack of support from wales, sanger eventually left the project.	tired of content battles and feeling he had a lack of support from wales, sanger eventually left the project.
dated to c. 3000 bc, mineralogical studies of the shard conclude that it is a fragment of a wine jar which had been imported from the nile valley to palestine .	dated to c. 3000 bc, mineralogical studies of the shard conclude that it is a fragment of a wine jar which had been imported from the nile valley to canaan .
most kanak are christian, but a few still follow traditional beliefs.	most kanak are christian, but a few follow traditional beliefs.
the idea is to beautify and make aesthetic our environment with flowering shrubs and trees.	the idea is to beautify and make aesthetic the city's environment with flowering shrubs and trees.
the company distributes films with concepts plagiarized from films by pixar, dreamworks, and other major studios in other countries.	the company has been accused of distributing films with concepts plagiarized from films by pixar, dreamworks, and other major studios in other countries.
although mitochondrial eve was named after eve of the genesis creation myth , this has led to some misunderstandings among the general public.	although mitochondrial eve was named after eve of the genesis creation story , this has led to some misunderstandings among the general public.
morningstar provides valuable free tools to individual investors on each of its regional websites.	morningstar provides free tools to individual investors on each of its regional websites.
vernon, florida is a 1981 documentary film produced and directed by errol morris profiling various eccentric residents living within the town of vernon, florida.	vernon, florida is a 1981 documentary film produced and directed by errol morris profiling various residents living within the town of vernon, florida.
a lifelong melbourne cyclist, he died tragically while pushing his bicycle across a train line near his small house in glen iris, melbourne.	a lifelong melbourne cyclist, he died while pushing his bicycle across a train line near his small house in glen iris, melbourne.
his son is the popular cape breton fiddler kinnon beaton.	his son is the cape breton fiddler kinnon beaton.
"the catholic church, sometimes called ""the church"""	"roman catholic church, sometimes called ""the church"""
ash grove is a small town in tippecanoe county, indiana, located just north of battle ground.	ash grove is a town in tippecanoe county, indiana, located just north of battle ground.
paul brandon gilbert (born november 6, 1966 in illinois) is a virtuoso guitarist best known for his work with racer x and mr. big.	paul brandon gilbert (born november 6, 1966 in illinois) is a guitarist best known for his work with racer x and mr. big.
the debate is a criticism of the strict biological view of psychiatric thinking.	the debate is a criticism of a claimed strict biological view of psychiatric thinking.
joan davis, actress, comedienne	joan davis, actress, comedian
"theodore f. ""theo"" cangelosi (december 14, 1911 - july 14, 1992) was a high-powered baton rouge attorney, banker, and businessman, a former democratic member of the louisiana house of representatives, and a confidant of governors earl kemp long and john j. mckeithen."	"theodore f. ""theo"" cangelosi (december 14, 1911 - july 14, 1992) was a baton rouge attorney, banker, and businessman, a former democratic member of the louisiana house of representatives, and a confidant of governors earl kemp long and john j. mckeithen."
named after michael jordan, a basketball legend with the chicago bulls, the restaurant was once one of the most popular tourist spots in chicago.	named after michael jordan, a basketball player with the chicago bulls, the restaurant was once one of the most popular tourist spots in chicago.
in office, and assisted by kissinger, nixon implemented a policy of vietnamization that aimed to gradually withdraw us troops while expanding the combat role of the enabling south vietnamese army so that it would be capable of independently defending its regime against the national front for the liberation of south vietnam, a communist guerrilla organization, and north vietnamese army (vietnam people's army or pavn).	in office, and assisted by kissinger, nixon implemented a policy of vietnamization that aimed to gradually withdraw us troops while expanding the combat role of the enabling south vietnamese army so that it would be capable of independently defending its government against the national front for the liberation of south vietnam, a communist guerrilla organization, and north vietnamese army (vietnam people's army or pavn).
marilyn monroe was found dead in the bedroom of her beautiful brentwood home by her psychoanalyst ralph s. greenson after he was called by monroe's housekeeper eunice murray on august 5, 1962. she was 36 years old at the time of her death.	marilyn monroe was found dead in the bedroom of her brentwood home by her psychoanalyst ralph s. greenson after he was called by monroe's housekeeper eunice murray on august 5, 1962. she was 36 years old at the time of her death.
the character was axed in september 2013 and departed in the episode first broadcast in the uk on 1 january 2014, a joint broadcast of episodes 4775 and 4776, after being murdered by ronnie mitchell.	the character was axed in september 2013 and departed in the episode first broadcast in the uk on 1 january 2014, a joint broadcast of episodes 4775 and 4776, after being killed by ronnie mitchell.
joan rivers: a piece of work is a 2010 documentary film about the life and career of comedienne joan rivers.	joan rivers: a piece of work is a 2010 documentary film about the life and career of comedian joan rivers.
"thomas ""tom"" neuwirth (born 6 november 1988), better known as her drag persona conchita wurst, is an austrian singer."	"thomas ""tom"" neuwirth (born 6 november 1988), better known as drag persona conchita wurst, is an austrian singer."
the college was established by sree narayana dharma paripalana yogam and its popular leader r. sankar.	the college was established by sree narayana dharma paripalana yogam and its leader r. sankar.
(1969) a bio-pic starring a tragically miscast omar sharif as iconic revolutionary che guevara, this made the bizarre decision to ignore the formative pre-cuban revolution sections of che's life as described in the autobiographical book the motorcycle diaries.	(1969) a bio-pic starring a tragically miscast omar sharif as iconic revolutionary che guevara, this made the decision to ignore the formative pre-cuban revolution sections of che's life as described in the autobiographical book the motorcycle diaries.
on august 17, 2006 tom mcmahon made a obtuse comment regarding the reason for the construction of the goggle works being for suburban folk and cocktail parties.	on august 17, 2006 tom mcmahon made a controversial comment regarding the reason for the construction of the goggle works being for suburban folk and cocktail parties.
caprice bourret (born october 24, 1971) is an american supermodel , actress , television personality and businesswoman .	caprice bourret (born october 24, 1971) is an american model , actress , television personality and businesswoman .
on october 22, 2010, the palestinian authority seized a large cache of arms, including mortar shells, which it said were meant to be used by hamas terrorists targeting palestinian authority officials or attempting to sabotage palestinian authority security enforcement in the west bank.	on october 22, 2010, the palestinian authority seized a large cache of arms, including mortar shells, which it said were meant to be used by hamas militants targeting palestinian authority officials or attempting to sabotage palestinian authority security enforcement in the west bank.
image:mykonos windmills.jpg|the famous windmills of mykonos.	image:mykonos windmills.jpg|the windmills of mykonos.
though all certifying bodies give awards for album sales or shipments, many also certify singles, legal digital downloads, music videos, music dvds, and master ringtones.	though all certifying bodies give awards for album sales or shipments, many also certify singles, paid digital downloads, music videos, music dvds, and master ringtones.
the british museum website is suitably blunt:	the british museum website is blunt:
sport has also been an outlet for many cornish folk songs, and trelawny in particular has been taken up an unofficial national anthem by cornish rugby fans.	sport has also been an outlet for many cornish folk songs, and trelawny in particular has been taken up an unofficial anthem by cornish rugby fans.
geraint talfan davies has been involved with many arts, media and educational organisations, including the royal welsh college of music and drama, cardiff bay arts trust, the wales international film festival, the artes mundi visual arts prize, university of wales institute, cardiff, the wales millennium centre and welsh national opera.	geraint talfan davies has been involved with various arts, media and educational organisations, including the royal welsh college of music and drama, cardiff bay arts trust, the wales international film festival, the artes mundi visual arts prize, university of wales institute, cardiff, the wales millennium centre and welsh national opera.
its discussion of human goals (artha or wealth, kama or pleasure, dharma or duty/harmony, and moksha or liberation) takes place in a long-standing mythological tradition, attempting to explain the relationship of the individual to society and the world (the nature of the 'self') and the workings of karma.	its discussion of human goals (artha or wealth, kama or pleasure, dharma or duty/harmony, and moksha or liberation) takes place in a long-standing tradition, attempting to explain the relationship of the individual to society and the world (the nature of the 'self') and the workings of karma.
the swords of truth is a palestinian islamist terrorist group based in the gaza strip.	the swords of truth is a palestinian islamist group based in the gaza strip.
the american hardcore punk band black flag (1976-86) made interesting vernacular use of microtonal intervals, via guitarist greg ginn, a free jazz aficionado also familiar with modern classical.	the american hardcore punk band black flag (1976-86) made vernacular use of microtonal intervals, via guitarist greg ginn, a free jazz aficionado also familiar with modern classical.
as the paragraphs immediately preceding this episode are usually assigned to the elohist, this treatment explains why god, in a dream, tells balaam to go with the princes to balak, only to immediately send an angel to prevent balaam from going with the princes to balak.	as the paragraphs immediately preceding this episode are usually assigned to the elohist , this treatment tries to explain why god, in a dream, tells balaam to go with the princes to balak, only to immediately send an angel to prevent balaam from going with the princes to balak.
the shell also protected him from fire and electricity; however, it was vulnerable to some potent acids and at least one formula was made (with knowledge of the shell's chemical base) to completely neutralize it.	the shell also protected him from fire and electricity; however, it was vulnerable to some potent acids and at least one formula was made (with knowledge of the shell's chemical base) to partially neutralize it.
"since fall 2009, uygur has taken an increasingly combative attitude towards the obama administration, saying recently that, ""it's been over two years, obama's not a progressive.... this guy is not going to come on your side, he's just not going to do it."	"since fall 2009, uygur has taken an increasingly critical attitude towards the obama administration, saying recently that, ""it's been over two years, obama's not a progressive.... this guy is not going to come on your side, he's just not going to do it."
illuminati: new world order (inwo) is a collectible card game (ccg) that was released in 1995 by steve jackson games, based on their original legendary boxed game illuminati (game).	illuminati: new world order (inwo) is a collectible card game (ccg) that was released in 1995 by steve jackson games, based on their original boxed game illuminati (game).
the locally produced award-winning feature movie mondays in the sun (original title los lunes al sol) evocatively depicts the life of several men who have lost their work at the port.	the locally produced award-winning feature movie mondays in the sun (original title los lunes al sol) depicts the life of several men who have lost their work at the port.
rooney has rarely been out of the media spotlight since his emergence, and has received criticism for his relationship with fiance colleen mcloughlin, who is often featured in the tabloid press for her notorious shopping habits.	rooney has rarely been out of the media spotlight since his emergence, and has received criticism for his relationship with fiance colleen mcloughlin, who is often featured in the tabloid press for her shopping habits.
on august 9, 2005, at the age of 44, reeve who was a non-smoker, announced that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer.	on august 9, 2005, at the age of 44, reeve who claimed to be a non-smoker, announced that she had been diagnosed with lung cancer.
he was left paralysed after the incident and sadly succumbed to illness as a result of his weakened state.	he was left paralysed after the incident and succumbed to illness as a result of his weakened state.
"in the united states, the term ""pigs in a blanket"" is incorrectly used to refer to vienna sausages, cocktail or breakfast/link sausages wrapped in biscuit dough, pancake, or croissant dough, and baked."	"in the united states, the term ""pigs in a blanket"" is used to refer to vienna sausages, cocktail or breakfast/link sausages wrapped in biscuit dough, pancake, or croissant dough, and baked."
redford stepped back into producing with the motorcycle diaries (2004), a coming-of-age road film about a young medical student, ernesto gueverawho later became celebrated revolutionary che gueveraand his friend alberto granado.	redford stepped back into producing with the motorcycle diaries (2004), a coming-of-age road film about a young medical student, ernesto gueverawho later became revolutionary che gueveraand his friend alberto granado.
while o'leary has begun what appears to be a moderately successful turnaround of a program that went nearly two years without a win, the continuing failure of ucf to beat perceived in-state rival usf has again started a groundswell of discontent within the rabid golden knights fanbase.	while o'leary has begun what appears to be a moderately successful turnaround of a program that went nearly two years without a win, the continuing failure of ucf to beat perceived in-state rival usf has again started a groundswell of discontent within the fervent golden knights fanbase.
romney married his high school sweetheart , ann davies in 1968. both are practicing members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, commonly known as mormons, though ann was raised episcopalian.	romney married his high school girlfriend , ann davies in 1968. both are practicing members of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, commonly known as mormons, though ann was raised episcopalian.
the conflict is wide-ranging, and the term is also used in reference to the earlier phases of the same conflict, between jewish and zionist yishuv and the majority arab population living in palestine under ottoman or british rule.	the conflict is wide-ranging, and the term is also used in reference to the earlier phases of the same conflict, between jewish and zionist yishuv and the arab population living in palestine under ottoman or british rule.
its smart gameplay can be compared with economic theory on sustainability and optimization.	its gameplay can be compared with economic theory on sustainability and optimization.
president hu jintao of the people's republic of china and nationalist party chairman wu poh-hsiung of taiwan meet in beijing to discuss cross-strait relations.	chinese communist party general secretary hu jintao of the people's republic of china and nationalist party chairman wu poh-hsiung of taiwan meet in beijing to discuss cross-strait relations.
it is famous for its exquisite water tank that people from the world over visit for swimming and bathing.	it is famous for its water tank that people from the world over visit for swimming and bathing.
many punks were often critical of crass for their involvement in the hippie movement.	some punks were often critical of crass for their involvement in the hippie movement.
essentially, the word is a false latin rendering of the ancient place name rus.	essentially, the word is a latin rendering of the ancient place name rus.
in the documentary included on the dvd and in interviews, novelist christopher bram admits that the character of clay boone is completely fictitious.	in the documentary included on the dvd and in interviews, novelist christopher bram explains that the character of clay boone is completely fictitious.
, when he was only four years old	, when he was four years old
there were 17 slash marks on her body, her nipples had been savagely bitten, and an instrument had been viciously inserted into her vagina.	there were 17 slash marks on her body, her nipples had been savagely bitten, and an instrument had been inserted into her vagina.
a new team playing under the belfast celtic name entered the belfast and district league for season 2013-2014, the club finished second and gained promotion from division four to division three,(finishing runners-up to hated rivals berlin swifts fc); they presently play at falls park.	a new team playing under the belfast celtic name entered the belfast and district league for season 2013-2014, the club finished second and gained promotion from division four to division three,(finishing runners-up to rivals berlin swifts fc); they presently play at falls park.
"by april 2011, over 500 people had been taken into custody and nearly 300 formally charged with membership of what prosecutors described as ""the ergenekon terrorist organization"", which they claimed had been responsible for virtually every act of political violenceand controlled every terrorist groupin turkey over the last 30 years."	"by april 2011, over 500 people had been taken into custody and nearly 300 formally charged with membership of what prosecutors described as ""the ergenekon terrorist organization"", which they claimed had been responsible for virtually every act of political violenceand controlled every militant groupin turkey over the last 30 years."
the long man-made suez canal in the southeast connects the mediterranean sea to the red sea.	the long artificial suez canal in the southeast connects the mediterranean sea to the red sea.
antacids perform a neutralization reaction, reducing the ph to reduce acidity in the stomach.	antacids perform a neutralization reaction, increasing the ph to reduce acidity in the stomach.
this is in opposition to premillennial and some postmillennial interpretations of chapter 20 of the book of revelation.	this is in contrast to premillennial and some postmillennial interpretations of chapter 20 of the book of revelation.
stull enjoyed a highly successful football career at seton-lasalle high school in pittsburgh, where he broke several western pennsylvania interscholastic athletic league (wpial) records.	stull enjoyed a successful football career at seton-lasalle high school in pittsburgh, where he broke several western pennsylvania interscholastic athletic league (wpial) records.
the jackson randy rhoads was the electric guitar that was originally commissioned by virtuoso guitarist randy rhoads, and is now produced by jackson guitars.	the jackson randy rhoads was the electric guitar that was originally commissioned by guitarist randy rhoads, and is now produced by jackson guitars.
hardball with chris matthews is a liberal television talk show on msnbc, broadcast weekdays at 5 and 7 pm hosted by chris matthews.	hardball with chris matthews is a television talk show on msnbc, broadcast weekdays at 5 and 7 pm hosted by chris matthews.
the call drew support from all across the country: 38.000 volunteers jammed registration centers.	the call drew support from all across the country: 38.000 volunteers appeared at registration centers.
many of the designs reflect helens love for innovation, print-making and fine art, with a fascinating range of flocked furniture, mixed media art pieces and laser cut clothing.	many of the designs reflect helens love for innovation, print-making and fine art, with a range of flocked furniture, mixed media art pieces and laser cut clothing.
on january 2, 2016, the headquarters building was taken over by criminals related to the bundy standoff.	on january 2, 2016, the headquarters building was taken over by activists related to the bundy standoff.
their doctrines have numerous resemblances to those of the bogomils and the earlier paulicians as well as the manicheans and the christian gnostics of the first few centuries ad, although, as many scholars, most notably mark pegg, have pointed out, it would be erroneous to extrapolate direct, historical connections based on theoretical similarities perceived by modern intellectuals .	their doctrines have numerous resemblances to those of the bogomils and the earlier paulicians as well as the manicheans and the christian gnostics of the first few centuries ad, although, as many scholars, most notably mark pegg, have pointed out, it would be erroneous to extrapolate direct, historical connections based on theoretical similarities perceived by modern scholars .
the graceful artwork that features prominently on the front of this release, and indeed the similar pieces that feature throughout the package, were painted by fellow californian artist robert lyn nelson.	the artwork that features prominently on the front of this release, and indeed the similar pieces that feature throughout the package, were painted by fellow californian artist robert lyn nelson.
resembles buffalo comedienne jameila.	resembles buffalo comedian jameila.
students also participate in many musical ensembles and ncaa athletic programs.	students also participate in multiple musical ensembles and ncaa athletic programs.
gerald celente (born november 29, 1946) is a controversial american trend forecaster, publisher of the trends journal, business consultant and author who makes predictions about the global financial markets and other events of historical importance.	gerald celente (born november 29, 1946) is a american trend forecaster, publisher of the trends journal, business consultant and author who makes predictions about the global financial markets and other events of historical importance.
the imc believe the rira was also responsible for a failed mortar attack on craigavon psni station on 4 december 2006.	the imc believe the rira was also responsible for a mortar attack on craigavon psni station on 4 december 2006.
in 2006, finland's neutrality was brought into question by president matti vanhanen in 2006 during the inauguration of the finnish eu presidency.	in 2006, finland's neutrality was brought into question by prime minister matti vanhanen in 2006 during the inauguration of the finnish eu presidency.
carey's representatives later claimed dick clark productions intentially sabotaged the performance for ratings, a claim which they strongly denied.	carey's representatives later claimed dick clark productions intentially sabotaged the performance for ratings, a claim which they denied.
it is a church of england school that educates around 170 pupils between the ages of 4 and 11. the headmistress is sue bovill.	it is a church of england school that educates around 170 pupils between the ages of 4 and 11. the headteacher is sue bovill.
he was made marshal of france posthumously in 1921. historians such as georges blond, basil liddell hart, and henri isselin credit gallieni with being the guiding intelligence behind the french victory in the first battle of the marne in 1914. gallieni is infamous in madagascar as the french military leader who unlawfully exiled queen ranavalona iii and abolished the 350-year-old monarchy on the island.	he was made marshal of france posthumously in 1921. historians such as georges blond, basil liddell hart, and henri isselin credit gallieni with being the guiding intelligence behind the french victory in the first battle of the marne in 1914. gallieni is infamous in madagascar as the french military leader who exiled queen ranavalona iii and abolished the 350-year-old monarchy on the island.
unfortunately , during a practice before game 7 of the series, the carolina players discovered and removed the loonie and the oilers lost the championship in that final game.	however , during a practice before game 7 of the series, the carolina players discovered and removed the loonie and the oilers lost the championship in that final game.
the wonderful hakkenden hakuryu-tei website and the complete japanese version	the hakkenden hakuryu-tei website and the complete japanese version
his family soon moved to leaskdale, ontario after his mother's passing .	his family soon moved to leaskdale, ontario after his mother's death .
lightning bolt is a critically-acclaimed noise rock duo from providence, rhode island, presently composed of brian chippendale and brian gibson.	lightning bolt is a noise rock duo from providence, rhode island, presently composed of brian chippendale and brian gibson.
emil sitoci (born 1985), tremendous showwrestler	emil sitoci (born 1985), showwrestler
sun subsidises the development of openoffice.org in order to use it as a base for its proprietary staroffice application software.	sun subsidises the development of openoffice.org in order to use it as a base for its commercial staroffice application software.
scout sniper, (mos 8541) is a specialist in the united states marine corps whose mission is to deny the enemy freedom of movement by shooting enemy leaders, crew-served weapons operators, radiomen, observers, messengers, and other key personnel with single, well-aimed shots.	scout sniper, (mos 8541) is a specialist in the united states marine corps whose mission is to deny the enemy freedom of movement by neutralizing enemy leaders, crew-served weapons operators, radiomen, observers, messengers, and other key personnel with single, well-aimed shots.
however, wigan quickly returned back to earth with a bump in the final as they were thrashed 4-0 by a wayne rooney-inspired manchester united on february 26, 2006 at the millennium stadium, cardiff.	however, wigan quickly returned back to earth with a bump in the final as they were defeated 4-0 by a wayne rooney-inspired manchester united on february 26, 2006 at the millennium stadium, cardiff.
the central character is nancy botwin (mary-louise parker), a promiscuous widowed mother of two boys who begins selling marijuana to support her family after her husband abruptly dies.	the central character is nancy botwin (mary-louise parker), a widowed mother of two boys who begins selling marijuana to support her family after her husband abruptly dies.
the award was created to honor the legendary football coach's legacy, and is awarded annually to an individual who exemplifies his spirit.	the award was created to honor the football coach's legacy, and is awarded annually to an individual who exemplifies his spirit.
unfortunately , the dissolution of the soviet union prevented the mass production of the type.	however , the dissolution of the soviet union prevented the mass production of the type.
they may recall an event with greater detail while those with a normal memory remember daily routines rather than specific details that may have interrupted a routine.	they may recall an event with greater detail while those with a different memory remember daily routines rather than specific details that may have interrupted a routine.
the park is famous for the untiring efforts of billy arjan singh, one of indias leading conservationists, who was instrumental in the creation of dudhwa as a sanctuary of the swamp deer.	the park is famous for the efforts of billy arjan singh , one of indias leading conservationists, who was instrumental in the creation of dudhwa as a sanctuary of the swamp deer.
the hellenic police force is headed in a de jure sense by the minister of public order and citizen protection, however, although he sets the general policy direction of greece's stance towards law and order as a whole, the chief of police is the day-to-day head of the force.	the hellenic police force is headed in a de jure sense by the minister of public order and citizen protection, however, although the minister sets the general policy direction of greece's stance towards law and order as a whole, the chief of police is the day-to-day head of the force.
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is organized according to priesthood function, and correlation provides support to the priesthood quorums with the objective of effective governance, and keeping incorrect information, doctrines and other undesired concepts from being introduced into the church.	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is organized according to priesthood function, and correlation provides support to the priesthood quorums with the objective of effective governance, and keeping unorthodox information, doctrines and other undesired concepts from being introduced into the church.
guest speakers included comedian shelley berman, actress- comedienne pat carroll, announcer john harlan, modern era emcees todd newton and guillermo huesca, producer stu billett, and talent coordinator jean brown.	guest speakers included comedian shelley berman, actress- comedian pat carroll, announcer john harlan, modern era emcees todd newton and guillermo huesca, producer stu billett, and talent coordinator jean brown.
"beside faults of his governments, the most contested issues are his relation to communism, both in the country's past and the strengthening political party today (he's published articles praising ""the grey zone"" of the majority of ordinary people and condemning dissidents like havel for haughtiness; in another article he declared himself a ""non-communist"" but not anticommunist, which he rejects as cheap and superficial posturing), his europhobic pronouncements, which often border on pandering to the public's nationalist instincts; and an apparent desire to be liked at the expense of a longer-term, more demanding agenda."	"beside faults of his governments, the most contested issues are his relation to communism, both in the country's past and the strengthening political party today (he's published articles praising ""the grey zone"" of the majority of ordinary people and condemning dissidents like havel for haughtiness; in another article he declared himself a ""non-communist"" but not anticommunist, which he rejects as cheap and superficial posturing), his eurosceptic pronouncements, which often border on pandering to the public's nationalist instincts; and an apparent desire to be liked at the expense of a longer-term, more demanding agenda."
however, many buildings were restored after the war, while the custom house was unnecessarily demolished.	however, many buildings were restored after the war, while the custom house was controversially demolished.
he cooks occasionally, making goodies including mashed potatoes and waffles, and often uses unusual ingredients such as peanuts, bacon, and soap.	he cooks occasionally, making foods including mashed potatoes and waffles, and often uses unusual ingredients such as peanuts, bacon, and soap.
snopes - a great database about urban legends	snopes - a database about urban legends
it also has a beautiful beach with access to the bras d'or lakes, and a pond that runs into the lake.	it also has a beach with access to the bras d'or lakes, and a pond that runs into the lake.
the problem may be easily solved in o(n) time.	the problem may be solved in o(n) time.
howard zinn (born august 24, 1922) is an american political scientist, historian, social critic, socialist , activist and playwright, best known as author of the bestseller a people's history of the united states.	howard zinn (born august 24, 1922) is an american political scientist, historian, social critic, communist , activist and playwright, best known as author of the bestseller a people's history of the united states.
on the night of the crime , serino stated in an affidavit taken that he was unconvinced by zimmermans version of events.	on the night of the shooting , serino stated in an affidavit taken that he was unconvinced by zimmermans version of events.
the findings from project follow through, conducted in a variety of communities throughout the united states, conclude that direct instruction is the most effective model for teaching academic skills and for affective outcomes (e.g., self-esteem of children).	the findings from project follow through, conducted in a variety of communities throughout the united states, suggested that direct instruction is the most effective model for teaching academic skills and for affective outcomes (e.g., self-esteem of children).
"konrad ""conny"" bauer (born 4 july 1943 in halle, saxony-anhalt, germany) is a world-renowned free jazz trombonist."	"konrad ""conny"" bauer (born 4 july 1943 in halle, saxony-anhalt, germany) is a d free jazz trombonist."
elcombe is a picturesque hamlet of approximately 14 houses lying just to the south-west of the village of uley in the english county of gloucestershire.	elcombe is a hamlet of approximately 14 houses lying just to the south-west of the village of uley in the english county of gloucestershire.
the gun was approved for sale only to be delisted after the california department of justice realized the pistol had a barrel that was threaded (threaded barrels on semiautomatic pistols in california are a characteristic which makes them illegal under the state's ban on so-called assault weapons).	the gun was approved for sale only to be delisted after the california department of justice realized the pistol had a barrel that was threaded (threaded barrels on semiautomatic pistols in california are a characteristic which makes them illegal under the state's ban on assault weapons).
celestine toni gonzaga (born 1984), filipino singer, television host, actress, and comedienne	celestine toni gonzaga (born 1984), filipino singer, television host, actress, and comedian
"anselm defined god as ""...that than which nothing greater can be conceived,"" and then argued that this being must exist in the mind; even in the mind of the fool who denies the existence of god."	"anselm defined god as ""...that than which nothing greater can be conceived,"" and then argued that this being must exist in the mind; even in the mind of the person who denies the existence of god."
trivium is an american metalcore band formed in 2000 in orlando, florida.	trivium is an american metal band formed in 2000 in orlando, florida.
nadhem abdullah was an 18-year-old unarmed iraqi civilian who was brutally assaulted and murdered by soldiers from the united kingdom parachute regiment during the occupation of iraq in may 2003.	nadhem abdullah was an 18-year-old unarmed iraqi civilian who was allegedly assaulted and murdered by soldiers from the united kingdom parachute regiment during the occupation of iraq in may 2003.
on march 7, 2008, ferraro made inflamatory remarks in an interview with a small newspaper from torrace, california called the the daily breeze, saying:	on march 7, 2008, ferraro made remarks in an interview with a small newspaper from torrace, california called the the daily breeze, saying:
it has been used historically to describe the dakota territory, and is still used for the collective heritage, culture, geography, fauna, sociology, the economy, and even cuisine among the two states.	it has been used historically to describe the dakota territory, and is still used for the collective heritage, culture, geography, fauna, sociology, the economy, and cuisine among the two states.
after failing to capture the title over the next few weeks, hardy finally beat nitro to win his second intercontinental championship on the october 2 edition of raw.	after failing to capture the title over the next few weeks, hardy beat nitro to win his second intercontinental championship on the october 2 edition of raw.
the social effects and human cost of his crash programs of industrialization and collectivization in the 1930s, along with his ongoing campaigns of political repression have been the subject of much study and debate as well whether the holodomor famine was induced or deliberate.	the social effects and human cost of his crash programs of industrialization and collectivization in the 1930s, along with the ussr's ongoing campaigns of political repression have been the subject of much study and debate as well whether the holodomor famine was induced or deliberate.
"new york university's margaret sanger papers project holds that though the letter was meant to keep some blacks from mistakenly thinking that the negro project was a racist sterilization campaign, the quotation has recently been misused by sanger's detractors on both the left and right ""as evidence she led a calculated effort to reduce the black population against their will""."	"new york university's margaret sanger papers project holds that though the letter would have been meant to keep some blacks from mistakenly thinking that the negro project was a racist sterilization campaign, the quotation has recently been misused by sanger's detractors on both the left and right ""as evidence she led a calculated effort to reduce the black population against their will""."
the magazine itself decided to incorrectly predict the chart position for the single, saying the band would be lucky to see it appear in the top 20.	the magazine itself decided to predict the chart position for the single, saying the band would be lucky to see it appear in the top 20.
igor dvornik (9 may 1923, split - 21 august 2010, zagreb) was a respected croatian radiation chemist.	igor dvornik (9 may 1923, split - 21 august 2010, zagreb) was a croatian radiation chemist.
satyagraha is the dogma of non-violent resistance most famously employed by mohandas gandhi in forcing an end to the british raj.	satyagraha is the philosophy of non-violent resistance most famously employed by mohandas gandhi in forcing an end to the british raj.
hospital officials confirm the death of renegade thai general, khattiya sawasdipol, after he was shot on thursday as he backed protesters in bangkok.	hospital officials confirm the death of thai general, khattiya sawasdipol, after he was shot on thursday as he backed protesters in bangkok.
rt, previously known as russia today, is an propagandic international multilingual russian-based television network.	rt, previously known as russia today, is an international multilingual russian-based television network.
the unification church was founded in 1954 by sun myung moon, a korean minister who escaped from north korea during the korean war.	the unification church was founded in 1954 by sun myung moon, a korean minister who fled from north korea during the korean war.
dharavi is a mega slum and administrative ward, over parts of sion, bandra(e), kurla and kalina suburbs of mumbai, india.	dharavi is a slum and administrative ward, over parts of sion, bandra(e), kurla and kalina suburbs of mumbai, india.
sport fishing methods vary enormously according to the area being fished, the species being targeted, the personal strategies of the angler, and the resources available, ranging from the aristocratic art of fly fishing invented in great britain, to the high-tech, incredibly expensive methods used to chase marlin and tuna.	sport fishing methods vary according to the area being fished, the species being targeted, the personal strategies of the angler, and the resources available, ranging from the aristocratic art of fly fishing invented in great britain, to the high-tech, incredibly expensive methods used to chase marlin and tuna.
lionel andrs messi (born 24 june 1987 in rosario) is an exciting argentine football (soccer) player, who currently plays as a second striker for fc barcelona.	lionel andrs messi (born 24 june 1987 in rosario) is an argentine football (soccer) player, who currently plays as a second striker for fc barcelona.
"life in one chord defined their sound, spending 10 weeks in the top 50. all four of the songs are justifiable new zealand rock classics, none more so than the astonishing ""she speeds"", which was to become the band's hallmark song."	"life in one chord defined their sound, spending 10 weeks in the top 50. all four of the songs are justifiable new zealand rock classics, none more so than the ""she speeds"", which was to become the band's hallmark song."
"the maltings does however host a successful ""acoustic fridays"" evening once a month, run by andy steadman from the band sequoia (a local average band), and this has a student following due to the fact many students play sets there."	"the maltings does however host a successful ""acoustic fridays"" evening once a month, run by andy steadman from the band sequoia (a local band), and this has a student following due to the fact many students play sets there."
( alleged ) (alleged, until 1988) democratic republic of afghanistan (until 1992)	( only allegation ) (alleged, until 1988) democratic republic of afghanistan (until 1992)
created 50,000 years ago by an impactor only across, it shows that the accretion of the solar system is not over.	created 50,000 years ago by an impactor about across, it shows that the accretion of the solar system is not over.
tony clifton is a fictitious character created and often played by avant-garde stand up comedian andy kaufman in the late 1970s.	tony clifton is a fictitious character created and often played by stand up comedian andy kaufman in the late 1970s.
"while still in his teens, he became chairman of the first world science fiction convention held in new york city in 1939, during which he had several politicized futurians expelled from the convention, an event jocularly referred to by historians of fandom as the ""great exclusion act"" ,"	"while still in his teens, he became chairman of the first world science fiction convention held in new york city in 1939, during which he had several politicized futurians expelled from the convention, an event referred to by historians of fandom as the ""great exclusion act"" ,"
asperger syndrome (also referred to as asperger's syndrome, asperger's disorder, asperger's, or as) is a disorder on the autistic spectrum.	asperger syndrome (also referred to as asperger's syndrome, asperger's disorder, asperger's, or as) is a condition on the autistic spectrum.
the school provides some extra-curricular activities; both internally and in co-operation with other local schools, most notably west kirby grammar school for girls, with whom calday shares its large cadet force and discos.	the school provides some extra-curricular activities; both internally and in co-operation with other local schools, most notably west kirby grammar school for girls, with whom calday shares its cadet force and discos.
he was charitably given $1,000 to bet in final jeopardy!, finishing with $2,000 and ultimately losing to comedian andy richter, who won $68,000 for st. jude children's research hospital.	he was given $1,000 to bet in final jeopardy!, finishing with $2,000 and ultimately losing to comedian andy richter, who won $68,000 for st. jude children's research hospital.
in public choice theory, regulatory capture arises naturally from the fact that vested interests have a concentrated stake in the outcomes of political decisions, thus ensuring that they will find means - direct or indirect - to capture decision makers.	in public choice theory, regulatory capture arises from the fact that vested interests have a concentrated stake in the outcomes of political decisions, thus ensuring that they will find means - direct or indirect - to capture decision makers.
the famous terrorist ilich ramrez snchez (also known as carlos the jackal) is currently serving his life sentence here.	the terrorist ilich ramrez snchez (also known as carlos the jackal) is currently serving his life sentence here.
kuwait uses the death penalty for serious crimes like murder and drug trafficking.	kuwait uses the death penalty for crimes like murder and drug trafficking.
from the late 1940s through the mid-1960s, trudeau was primarily a montreal-based intellectual .	from the late 1940s through the mid-1960s, trudeau was primarily a montreal-based independant poltical activist .
along with common chimpanzees, bonobos are our closest living relatives.	along with common chimpanzees, bonobos are humans' closest living relatives.
"billboard gave backhanded praise to the band: ""the bulletproof nickelback provides affordable fun that promises good returns in hard times."""	"billboard gave praise to the band: ""the bulletproof nickelback provides affordable fun that promises good returns in hard times."""
he is perhaps most widely recognized for the enormous steel house that sits on the edge of the jagged caprock escarpment that overlooks yellow house canyon in the residential community of ransom canyon, texas.	he is perhaps most widely recognized for the artistic steel house that sits on the edge of the jagged caprock escarpment that overlooks yellow house canyon in the residential community of ransom canyon, texas.
it is home to powerful baseball, swimming, water polo, forensic, and robotics teams and has exemplary graduation and college attendance rates.	it is home to powerful baseball, swimming, water polo, forensic, and robotics teams and has high graduation and college attendance rates.
the strip is primarily about politics, and freely admits to its liberal bias .	the strip is primarily about politics, and freely admits to its liberal orientation .
the five star movement's position on immigration has been ambiguous, but grillo wrote on his blog on 23 december 2016 that all undocumented immigrants should be expelled from italy, that schengen should be temporarily suspended in the event of a terrorist attack until the threat has been removed and that there should be revision of the dublin regulation.	the five star movement's position on immigration has been ambiguous, but grillo wrote on his blog on 23 december 2016 that all illegal immigrants should be expelled from italy, that schengen should be temporarily suspended in the event of a terrorist attack until the threat has been removed and that there should be revision of the dublin regulation.
on september 5 nagin seemed to reverse himself prasing president bush's performance and blaming louisiana governor kathleen blanco for delays:	on september 5 nagin seemed to reverse himself praising president bush's performance and blaming louisiana governor kathleen blanco for delays:
is a veteran computer game designer.	is a computer game designer.
"as a result the soviet union never collapsed, but has instead expanded the iron curtain to encompass the entire world, engulfing europe and sending in ""military advisors"" throughout the third world to prop up anti-capitalist dictatorships."	"as a result the soviet union never collapsed, but has instead expanded the iron curtain to encompass the entire world, engulfing europe and sending in ""military advisors"" throughout the third world to prop up dictatorships."
also it questions the mental state and health of the current president of argentina.	also it asks for information on the mental state and health of the current president of argentina.
collins knew that visitors came to enjoy the island and the unique personalities that shape the city of key west, so he immortalize these fascinating characters in a fourteen piece series commissioned by the museum.	collins knew that visitors came to enjoy the island and the unique personalities that shape the city of key west, so he immortalize these characters in a fourteen piece series commissioned by the museum.
hagai amir is the brother and complice of yigal amir, who killed yitzhak rabin.	hagai amir is the brother and complice of yigal amir, who is the convicted murderer of yitzhak rabin.
several pieces, especially the seguidilla and the gypsy song make great use of the elements of flamenco music.	several pieces, especially the seguidilla and the gypsy song make use of the elements of flamenco music.
"together with the government's avowed determination to remain within projected conservative spending limits for the first two years of its period of office, it helped to reassure sceptics of the labour party's new-found fiscal ""prudence""."	"together with the government's determination to remain within projected conservative spending limits for the first two years of its period of office, it helped to reassure sceptics of the labour party's new-found fiscal ""prudence""."
the amiga was the undisputed leader of mainstream multimedia computing in the late 1980s and early 1990s, though it was inevitably overtaken by pc architecture.	the amiga was the undisputed leader of mainstream multimedia computing in the late 1980s and early 1990s, though it was eventually overtaken by pc architecture.
"a siege mentality developed among whites, and although many realised that a civil war against the black majority could not be won, they preferred this to ""giving in"" to political reform."	"a siege mentality developed among whites, and although many believed that a civil war against the black majority could not be won, they preferred this to ""giving in"" to political reform."
tragically , a pressure-equalization valve in the soyuz 11 reentry capsule opened prematurely when the crew returned to earth, killing all three.	however , a pressure-equalization valve in the soyuz 11 reentry capsule opened prematurely when the crew returned to earth, killing all three.
prosecutors remained determined to make an example of udall, and in 1885, he was indicted and convicted on flimsy perjury charges, related to a sworn statement he made about the land claim of a fellow mormon.	prosecutors remained determined to make an example of udall, and in 1885, he was indicted and convicted on perjury charges, related to a sworn statement he made about the land claim of a fellow mormon.
the albanian leader concentrated on reforming the military, government bureaucracy, and economy as well as on creating new support for his stalinist system.	the albanian leader concentrated on reforming the military, government bureaucracy, and economy as well as on creating new support for his system.
it is known for breathtaking views of the hills and surrounding villages.	it is known for dramatic views of the hills and surrounding villages.
the united kingdom's all-time low poll rating in the united states came in 1994, during the split over bosnia, when only 56% of americans interviewed considered britons to be close allies.	the united kingdom's all-time low poll rating in the united states came in 1994, during the split over bosnia, when 56% of americans interviewed considered britons to be close allies.
a good selection of over a 100 images showing the building of the powerstation is available online at hartlepool power station.	a selection of over a 100 images showing the building of the powerstation is available online at hartlepool power station.
yane ivanov sandanski or jane ivanov sandanski (may 18, 1872 april 22, 1915), was macedonian revolutionary recognised as a national hero in bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.	yane ivanov sandanski or jane ivanov sandanski (may 18, 1872 april 22, 1915), was a revolutionary recognised as a national hero in bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.
thinkatomics portfolio is always evolving and creating innovative companies like surfrecon , voonami , and xymbiot .	thinkatomics portfolio is always evolving and creating companies like surfrecon , voonami , and xymbiot .
legendary country music singer patsy cline recorded the song and it was featured on her 1962 album sentimentally yours.	country music singer patsy cline recorded the song and it was featured on her 1962 album sentimentally yours.
support for windows media drm (wmdrm) (incompatible with other drm schemes )	support for windows media drm (wmdrm) (incompatible with other drm systems )
"strangely, while pylean society has no concept of music (and in fact the average pylean is incapacitated by the sound of singing), some pyleans appear to use silly ritual dance to express deep emotion, as when the character of numfar (played by series creator joss whedon) is told by his mother to do ""the dance of joy"", ""the dance of shame"" and ""the dance of honor."""	"strangely, while pylean society has no concept of music (and in fact the average pylean is incapacitated by the sound of singing), some pyleans appear to use ritual dance to express deep emotion, as when the character of numfar (played by series creator joss whedon) is told by his mother to do ""the dance of joy"", ""the dance of shame"" and ""the dance of honor."""
"historian hrvoje klasi from the zagreb faculty of humanities and social sciences stated that ""za dom spremni"" as a phrase has not been documented in any historical document prior to the 1941 formation of the so-called independent state of croatia."	"historian hrvoje klasi from the zagreb faculty of humanities and social sciences stated that ""za dom spremni"" as a phrase has not been documented in any historical document prior to the 1941 formation of the independent state of croatia."
the contest is so popular that someone has invented the rimroller, a clever little device for rolling up the rim mechanically.	the contest is so popular that someone has invented the rimroller, a little device for rolling up the rim mechanically.
dracula is an 1897 novel by irish author bram stoker, featuring as its primary villain the vampire count dracula.	dracula is an 1897 novel by irish author bram stoker, featuring as its primary character the vampire count dracula.
bombay realty is currently working on developing the island city center and the wadia international center which are mixed use projects located on prime real estate in india.	bombay realty is currently working on developing the island city center and the wadia international center which are mixed use projects located on real estate in india.
"the maharishi has been repeatedly parodied in popular culture, in addition to crumb's mr. natural, comedians bill dana and joey forman in their 1968 comedy album, ""the mashuganisi yogi"" , the character ""guru maharishi yogi"" in the bbc sketch comedy goodness gracious me and by comdeian mike myers in the love guru."	"the maharishi has been parodied in popular culture, in addition to crumb's mr. natural, comedians bill dana and joey forman in their 1968 comedy album, ""the mashuganisi yogi"" , the character ""guru maharishi yogi"" in the bbc sketch comedy goodness gracious me and by comdeian mike myers in the love guru."
the conclusion of tintin's adventures was uncanny .	the conclusion of tintin's adventures was untimely .
"through an interpreter friar vincente read the ""requerimiento"" that demanded that he and his empire accept the yoke of king charles i of spain and convert to christianity."	"through an interpreter friar vincente read the ""requerimiento"" that demanded that he and his empire accept the rule of king charles i of spain and convert to christianity."
o'dea has campaigned strongly against the nsw government as chair of the nsw coalition wastewatch committee.	o'dea has campaigned against the nsw government as chair of the nsw coalition wastewatch committee.
rapid city has an excellent elementary school with many after school activities.	rapid city has an elementary school with many after school activities.
a case in point is hindu suppressed the report about priyanka gandhi meeting nalini, one of the accused in the rajiv gandhi assassination case, in vellore prison.	a case in point is hindu did not publish the report about priyanka gandhi meeting nalini, one of the accused in the rajiv gandhi assassination case, in vellore prison.
"some modern groups, which in spite of adopting the term ""rosicrucian"" in their designation refuse to accept the religious nature of the tradition, claim that the rosy cross predates christianity, where ""the cross represents the human body and the rose represents the individual's unfolding consciousness."""	"some modern groups, which in spite of adopting the term ""rosicrucian"" in their designation refuse to embrace the religious nature of the tradition, claim that the rosy cross predates christianity, where ""the cross represents the human body and the rose represents the individual's unfolding consciousness."""
is a talented japanese vocalist, composer and arranger.	is a japanese vocalist, composer and arranger.
vienna is a haunting ballad filled with piano and violin compositions.	vienna is a ballad filled with piano and violin compositions.
it offers the player extra help, and it guides the riddle throughout the riddle.	it offers the player extra help, and it guides the player throughout the riddle.
walt disney studios home entertainment released the film on august 26, 2008. the film openly contradicts certain events of the television series, implying that it is an independent installment of disney's the little mermaid franchise.	walt disney studios home entertainment released the film on august 26, 2008. the film contradicts certain events of the television series, implying that it is an independent installment of disney's the little mermaid franchise.
in thai cuisine, it is used to wrap miang kham, a tasty snack.	in thai cuisine, it is used to wrap miang kham, a traditional snack.
as united states minister to chile (188993), he ably represented the united states when relations were strained during the revolt against president jos manuel balmaceda.	as united states minister to chile (188993), he represented the united states when relations were strained during the revolt against president jos manuel balmaceda.
the vote passed and a resolution was approved to try and remove the fccs new rules on net neutrality; however, officials doubt there is enough time to completely repeal the rules before the open internet order officially expires on june 11, 2018.	the vote passed and a resolution was approved to try and remove the fccs new rules on net neutrality; however, officials doubt there is enough time to completely repeal the rules before the open internet order officially expired on june 11, 2018.
"myles gilbert ""tim"" horton (january 12, 1930 – february 21, 1974) was a great canadian professional ice hockey defenceman."	"myles gilbert ""tim"" horton (january 12, 1930 – february 21, 1974) was a canadian professional ice hockey defenceman."
voliva ruled his some 6000 followers with an iron hand, ruthlessly exploiting their labor in the church-run corporation, zion industries.	voliva ruled his some 6000 followers with an iron hand, allegedly exploiting their labor in the church-run corporation, zion industries.
trescothick maintained his form in the south africa test matches; a career-best 219 at the oval completed a fine series in which he averaged 60.87.	trescothick maintained his form in the south africa test matches; a career-best 219 at the oval completed a successful series in which he averaged 60.87.
he then showed his surprising range with the completely different 'white trash' in the same issue - a satirical journey through the usa, drawn by the talented new zealand artist martin emond.	he then showed his surprising range with the completely different 'white trash' in the same issue - a satirical journey through the usa, drawn by the new zealand artist martin emond.
in 2004, fernandez formed a television production company called the wheelie good company and spent the time since working on exciting new programme ideas.	in 2004, fernandez formed a television production company called the wheelie good company and spent the time since working on new programme ideas.
the film received mixed reviews, many of which were positive reviews .	the film received mixed reviews, many of which were positive.
other splendid surviving examples of this lyric poetry are the te deum and the phos hilaron.	other surviving examples of this lyric poetry are the te deum and the phos hilaron.
in addition to harshly criticizing the policies of president george w. bush, pilger has also taken aim at british prime minister tony blair, whom he believes to be just as culpable as president bush for the invasion and subsequent occupation of iraq.	in addition to criticizing the policies of president george w. bush, pilger has also taken aim at british prime minister tony blair, whom he believes to be just as culpable as president bush for the invasion and subsequent occupation of iraq.
the show's producer, gary dell'abate, mentioned melendez's stuttering problem to howard stern, who decided to see him perform and eventually, to hire him.	the show's producer, gary dell'abate, mentioned melendez's stuttering to howard stern, who decided to see him perform and eventually, to hire him.
"after limbaugh published what he said was the entire transcript of phony soldiers discussion, media matters noted that over a minute and 30 seconds was omitted without ""notation or ellipsis to indicate that there is, in fact, a break in the transcript."""	"after limbaugh published what he said was the entire transcript of phony soldiers discussion, media matters said that over a minute and 30 seconds was omitted without ""notation or ellipsis to indicate that there is, in fact, a break in the transcript."""
on 15th april 2018, moussa dembl scored a sublime panenka penalty for celtic f.c.	on 15th april 2018, moussa dembl scored a panenka penalty for celtic f.c.
like most other baptists, and unlike christian s, mormons do not believe in any kind of real presence.	like most other baptists, and unlike the roman catholic church and lutheran s, mormons do not believe in any kind of real presence.
some opponents of same-sex marriage (including some so-called ex-gay organizations) argue that sexual behavior is not genetic or unchangeable, reasoning that if homosexuality is not genetic or unchangeable, it is not unjust for government to define marriage as the union of one woman and one man.	some opponents of same-sex marriage (including some ex-gay organizations) argue that sexual behavior is not genetic or unchangeable, reasoning that if homosexuality is not genetic or unchangeable, it is not unjust for government to define marriage as the union of one woman and one man.
get busy is a 2003 re-released hit song by jamaican dancehall reggae toaster sean paul, from his album dutty rock.	get busy is a 2003 re-released song by jamaican dancehall reggae toaster sean paul, from his album dutty rock.
however, there is ample evidence that the entire encounter was partially or wholly coordinated with the kennedy administration to allow wallace to save face with alabama voters.	however, there is evidence that the entire encounter was partially or wholly coordinated with the kennedy administration to allow wallace to save face with alabama voters.
it infers the woman is in some way responsible for the reprehensible behaviour of the perpetrators of this act.	it infers the woman is in some way responsible for the behaviour of the perpetrators of this act.
isthmus of perekop between crimea and mainland ukraine	isthmus of perekop between crimea and mainland europe
"the fia became involved in the programme in 1996, taking a lead in promoting it, and mosley chaired the initiative from its launch as euro ncap in 1997 to 2004. despite what ncap describes as a ""strong negative response"" from car manufacturers at first, the initiative has expanded, and ncap reports a clear increase in the safety of modern cars as a result."	"the fia became involved in the programme in 1996, taking a lead in promoting it, and mosley chaired the initiative from its launch as euro ncap in 1997 to 2004. despite what ncap describes as a ""strong negative response"" from car manufacturers at first, the initiative has expanded, and ncap says that there has been a clear increase in the safety of modern cars as a result."
most retail and hospitality establishments in the city are concentrated on this roadway, and it serves as a major transportation route for the city and region.	most retail and hospitality establishments in the city are concentrated on this roadway, and it serves as a major transportation hub for the city and region.
this will be the longest eclipse during the 8,000 year period from 3000 bc to 5000 ad.	this is predicted to be the longest eclipse during the 8,000 year period from 3000 bc to 5000 ad.
the jesus myth hypothesis, also referred to as the jesus myth theory, the jesus myth refers to the widely-criticized proposition that the narrative of jesus in the gospels mythologically parallels the mystery religions of the roman empire such as mithraism and the myths of rebirth deities, indicating that the figure of jesus is an ahistorical construct of various forms of ancient mythology, and that there was no historical jesus.	the jesus myth hypothesis, also referred to as the jesus myth theory, the jesus myth refers to the proposition that the narrative of jesus in the gospels mythologically parallels the mystery religions of the roman empire such as mithraism and the myths of rebirth deities, indicating that the figure of jesus is an ahistorical construct of various forms of ancient mythology, and that there was no historical jesus.
the headship of christendom was in his grasp, and schemes for a new crusade began to take shape.	the headship of christendom was in his grasp, and plans for a new crusade began to take shape.
starting with the gold and silver versions, mewtwo was thankfully relieved of a good portion of its excess power through several means; first was the induction of dark-type pokmon, invincible against psychic attacks and strong against psychic-type pokmon, making any of them an automatic menace to mewtwo.	starting with the gold and silver versions, mewtwo was relieved of a good portion of its excess power through several means; first was the induction of dark-type pokmon, invincible against psychic attacks and strong against psychic-type pokmon, making any of them an automatic menace to mewtwo.
carol creighton burnett (born april 26, 1933) is an american actress, comedienne , singer, and writer.	carol creighton burnett (born april 26, 1933) is an american actress, comedian , singer, and writer.
his most notable roles in wong kar-wai's films include the lonely policeman in chungking express (1994), a homosexual chinese expatriate living in argentina in happy together (1997), and a repressed victim of adultery in in the mood for love (2000), for which he won the best actor award at cannes.	his most notable roles in wong kar-wai's films include the lonely policeman in chungking express (1994), a homosexual chinese expatriate living in argentina in happy together (1997), and a self-controlled victim of adultery in in the mood for love (2000), for which he won the best actor award at cannes.
"the album also produced the hit single ""dark horse""."	"the album also produced the number-one single ""dark horse""."
it has been used as a neutral term to denote either all the islands, or the two main islands, without referring to the two states.	it has been used as a term to denote either all the islands, or the two main islands, without referring to the two states.
donovan (donovan philips leitch, born may 10, 1946, in maryhill, glasgow) is a renowned british popular singer, songwriter and guitarist.	donovan (donovan philips leitch, born may 10, 1946, in maryhill, glasgow) is a british popular singer, songwriter and guitarist.
the majestic golden gate bridge is one of san francisco's most well-known landmarks, recognized internationally.	the golden gate bridge is one of san francisco's most well-known landmarks, recognized internationally.
main street is home to various local businesses and attractions, including toy loft (a charming local toy store), vidlers (an old-fashioned five and dime store), the east end tap room, and the aurora theatre, a 650-seat, big-screen cinema theatre with a classic, old-fashioned neon marquee.	main street is home to various local businesses and attractions, including toy loft (a local toy store), vidlers (an old-fashioned five and dime store), the east end tap room, and the aurora theatre, a 650-seat, big-screen cinema theatre with a classic, old-fashioned neon marquee.
ayotte experienced a significant drop in her approval rating immediately following the vote, according to pollster public policy polling.	ayotte experienced a significant drop in her approval rating immediately following the vote, according to the democratic polling firm public policy polling .
389 px|some of the more than 4000 aging wind turbines at the altamont pass in california.	389 px|some of the more than 4000 not-really-bleeding-edge-technology wind turbines at the altamont pass in california.
producers were also looking for a way to hold on to colbert, daily show correspondent and co-writer for six seasons, after the show's other breakout star, steve carell, left the program to pursue a successful career in film and network television.	producers were also looking for a way to hold on to colbert, daily show correspondent and co-writer for six seasons, after the show's other breakout star, steve carell, left the program to pursue an arguably successful career in film and network television.
despite heroic surgery by a team of veterinarians, the tiger died 8 days later of wound infection.	despite extensive surgery by a team of veterinarians, the tiger died 8 days later of wound infection.
"the erroneous omission of the possessive ""s"" from ""thomas's"" is fairly recent."	"the omission of the possessive ""s"" from ""thomas's"" is fairly recent."
most historians view fascism as a response to these developments -- a movement that both tried to appeal to the working class and divert them from marxism and also appealed to capitalists as a bulwark against bolshevism.	lot of historians view fascism as a response to these developments -- a movement that both tried to appeal to the working class and divert them from marxism and also appealed to capitalists as a bulwark against bolshevism.
one times square (also known as 1475 broadway, new york times building and new york times tower) is an iconic 25 story, 365 foot (110.6 m) high skyscraper in at 42nd and broadway in time square.	one times square (also known as 1475 broadway, new york times building and new york times tower) is an 25 story, 365 foot (110.6 m) high skyscraper in at 42nd and broadway in time square.
"it went largely unremarked in the u.s. press at first, but was heavily covered in leftist blogs such as those on daily kos, because of a remark attributed to richard dearlove (then mi6 head) that ""the intelligence and facts were being fixed by the u.s. around the policy"" of removing saddam hussein from power, which was taken to show that us intelligence on iraq prior to the war was deliberately falsified, rather than simply mistaken."	"it went largely unremarked in the u.s. press at first, but was heavily covered in progressive blogs such as those on daily kos, because of a remark attributed to richard dearlove (then mi6 head) that ""the intelligence and facts were being fixed by the u.s. around the policy"" of removing saddam hussein from power, which was taken to show that us intelligence on iraq prior to the war was deliberately falsified, rather than simply mistaken."
he obviously learned a great deal from this setback, as the output of the company was for the most part exceptional and financially rewarding, with such other films to its credit as the howling, chariots of fire, local hero, gandhi, the killing fields and the dresser.	he learned a great deal from this setback, as the output of the company was for the most part exceptional and financially rewarding, with such other films to its credit as the howling, chariots of fire, local hero, gandhi, the killing fields and the dresser.
"because other words which are pronounced with a soft g in english have a hard g in german, such as intelligent, the dominant pronunciation in english took a soft g for ""margarine"" to erroneously compensate for this, making it sound like ""margin"" or ""merger""."	"because other words which are pronounced with a soft g in english have a hard g in german, such as intelligent, the dominant pronunciation in english took a soft g for ""margarine"" to compensate for this, making it sound like ""margin"" or ""merger""."
most anti-communists in the 1930s and 1940s were also staunch opponents of fascism, even though anti-communism played an important part in the success of fascism in europe; however, during the cold war, anti-communism did lead some people who had previously ciriticsed fascism to support fascist dictators like augusto pinochet in chile.	most anti-communists in the 1930s and 1940s were also staunch opponents of fascism, even though anti-communism played an important part in the success of fascism in europe; however, during the cold war, anti-communism did lead some people who had previously ciriticsed fascism to support rightwing dictators like augusto pinochet in chile.
black in 1895. despite these changes, some controversy over the use of amalgams persisted in the dental profession.	black in 1895. despite these changes, controversy over the use of amalgams persisted in the dental profession.
a new execution date for battaglia was set for february 1, 2018. subsequent appeals failed and battaglia was murdered by lethal injection at 9:40 p.m. cst on february 1, 2018 at the huntsville unit in huntsville, texas.	a new execution date for battaglia was set for february 1, 2018. subsequent appeals failed and battaglia was put to death by lethal injection at 9:40 p.m. cst on february 1, 2018 at the huntsville unit in huntsville, texas.
in 1942 he was transferred to the das reich division and assumed command of the 2nd ss reconnaissance battalion, which was stationed in russia .	in 1942 he was transferred to the das reich division and assumed command of the 2nd ss reconnaissance battalion, which was stationed in the soviet union .
the book shows that the free market policies of nobel laureate milton friedman and the chicago school of economics have risen to prominence in countries such as chile under pinochet, russia under yeltsin, the united states (for example in new orleans after hurricane katrina, specifically the privatization of the new orleans public schools), the privatization of iraq's economy under the coalition provisional authority, not because they were democratically popular, but because they were pushed through while the citizens of these countries were reacting to disasters or upheavals.	the book argues that the free market policies of nobel laureate milton friedman and the chicago school of economics have risen to prominence in countries such as chile under pinochet, russia under yeltsin, the united states (for example in new orleans after hurricane katrina, specifically the privatization of the new orleans public schools), the privatization of iraq's economy under the coalition provisional authority, not because they were democratically popular, but because they were pushed through while the citizens of these countries were reacting to disasters or upheavals.
however, her friends and family are convinced that she is a homosexual and arrange an intervention, sending her to a residential inpatient reparative therapy camp to cure her lesbianism.	however, her friends and family are convinced that she is a homosexual and arrange an intervention, sending her to a residential inpatient conversion therapy camp to cure her lesbianism.
darkstar (laynia petrovna) is a fictional character, a mutant superheroine in the marvel comics universe.	darkstar (laynia petrovna) is a fictional character, a mutant superhero in the marvel comics universe.
this number rose to around 2,000 somalia-born asylum immigrants by 1994, but decreased sharply to close to zero individuals in 2000. as the conflict in somalia intensified at the turn of the millennium, the number of somalia-born asylum seekers residing in sweden increased to a high of just over 5,000 in 2010. that same year, the swedish government introduced stricter identification document requirements for relatives of earlier migrants, which made it harder for somalia-born individuals and other immigrants to obtain a residence permit in sweden.	this number rose to around 2,000 somalia-born asylum immigrants by 1994, but decreased sharply to close to zero individuals in 2000. as the conflict in somalia intensified at the turn of the millennium, the number of somalia-born asylum seekers residing in sweden increased to a high of just over 5,000 in 2010. that same year, the swedish government introduced stricter identification document requirements for relatives of earlier migrants, which made it less likely for somalia-born individuals and other immigrants to obtain a residence permit in sweden.
this was due to the withdrawal of foreign and domestic capital out of the east asian countries such as thailand, malaysia, taiwan, hong kong, singapore, south korea, and the philippines.	this was due to the withdrawal of foreign and domestic capital out of the east asian states such as thailand, malaysia, taiwan, hong kong, singapore, south korea, and the philippines.
a house was also named after him at epsom college, a prestigous public school located in epsom.	a house was also named after him at epsom college, a public school located in epsom.
their perception correctly was that the soldiers from the north custers battalion were going after the women and children.	their perception was that the soldiers from the north custers battalion were going after the women and children.
and also had diabolically different views on the miracles described in the qur'an.	and also had different views on the miracles described in the qur'an.
the sixth series of the australian version of the mole began airing on 2 july 2013, and concluded on 16 october 2013. the series had intended to run until mid-august, with the show running three episodes per week, however, very low ratings resulted in the show being shafted to a late timeslot on wednesday nights and the season stretched out longer than planned.	the sixth series of the australian version of the mole began airing on 2 july 2013, and concluded on 16 october 2013. the series had intended to run until mid-august, with the show running three episodes per week, however, low ratings resulted in the show being shafted to a late timeslot on wednesday nights and the season stretched out longer than planned.
donohue's win in the fourth and last race of that season was his last win, as he unfortunately died in a formula one crash at the sterreichring in practice for the 1975 austrian grand prix.	donohue's win in the fourth and last race of that season was his last win, as he died in a formula one crash at the sterreichring in practice for the 1975 austrian grand prix.
"the familiar patch of apollo 11 was designed by collins, who wanted a symbol for ""peaceful lunar landing by the united states""."	"the patch of apollo 11 was designed by collins, who wanted a symbol for ""peaceful lunar landing by the united states""."
the summit is reachable by car through dirt roads or on foot following marked trails where, on clear days, a breathtaking panorama, ranging from the adriatic to the east and the alps to the north, can be enjoyed.	the summit is reachable by car through dirt roads or on foot following marked trails where, on clear days, a scenic panorama, ranging from the adriatic to the east and the alps to the north, can be enjoyed.
the czech republic, in the top ten, spent only one third as much per student as the united states did, for example, but the usa came 24th out of 29 countries compared.	the czech republic, in the top ten, spent one third as much per student as the united states did, for example, but the usa came 24th out of 29 countries compared.
after the unconstitutional imposition of emergency in november 2007 in pakistan by pervez musharraf, the broadcasting of all private television news channels were obstructed by the government of pakistan.	after the imposition of emergency in november 2007 in pakistan by pervez musharraf, the broadcasting of all private television news channels were obstructed by the government of pakistan.
he is forthright in his opinions in the press and on television, to the point where some viewers consider him entertaining and others bigoted .	he is forthright in his opinions in the press and on television, to the point where some viewers consider him entertaining and others prejudiced .
members of the ira suspected of being informants were usually executed after an ira court-martial.	members of the ira suspected of being informants were usually killed after an ira court-martial.
he was best known for the popular 1962 tv show titanes en el ring (titans on the ring).	he was best known for the 1962 tv show titanes en el ring (titans on the ring).
totenberg briefly attended boston university, and is the daughter of violinist roman totenberg, who is professor emeritus at boston university and also teaches at the longy school of music.	totenberg attended boston university, and is the daughter of violinist roman totenberg, who is professor emeritus at boston university and also teaches at the longy school of music.
a british-trained dancer, and a director of promise, he was tragically killed in a car accident.	a british-trained dancer, and a director of promise, he was killed in a car accident.
mark robert bowden (born july 17, 1951) is an accomplished american writer.	mark robert bowden (born july 17, 1951) is an american writer.
forced name and emblem change	name and emblem change
he is one of only eight men to have captured a career grand slam.	he is one of eight men to have captured a career grand slam.
the polish beer-lovers' party (which in 1991 won 16 seats in the sejm) was founded on the facetious notion of fighting alcoholism by a cultural abandonment of vodka for beer.	the polish beer-lovers' party (which in 1991 won 16 seats in the sejm) was founded on the notion of fighting alcoholism by a cultural abandonment of vodka for beer.
acu-gen biolab, inc is a small biotech company in lowell, massachusetts, in the united states that offers a pregnancy test the company claims can tell expectant parents the sex of an unborn fetus, as early as five weeks into the pregnancy.	acu-gen biolab, inc is a biotech company in lowell, massachusetts, in the united states that offers a pregnancy test the company claims can tell expectant parents the sex of an unborn fetus, as early as five weeks into the pregnancy.
taylor, a legendary elephant hunter and author who wrote two books about rifles and cartridges for african hunting, devised the formula as a means of comparing the ability of a cartridge to deliver a knock out blow to elephant from a shot to the head when the brain is missed.	taylor, a elephant hunter and author who wrote two books about rifles and cartridges for african hunting, devised the formula as a means of comparing the ability of a cartridge to deliver a knock out blow to elephant from a shot to the head when the brain is missed.
to a large extent, it has been co-opted by promoters of pseudoscience and paranormal health claims in books, magazines, workshops, and web sites.	to a large extent, it has been co-opted by promoters of fringe science and paranormal health claims in books, magazines, workshops, and web sites.
torchlit small boat flotilla enters the lake at moln, near hamburg, as part of the great anti-communist demonstration on august 12, 1989, to which the wgi sent a delegation.	torchlit small boat flotilla enters the lake at moln, near hamburg, as part of the anti-communist demonstration on august 12, 1989, to which the wgi sent a delegation.
the tragic loss of the randolph resulted in the deaths of 301 of her crew, with 4 survivors.	the loss of the randolph resulted in the deaths of 301 of her crew, with 4 survivors.
"boyd tonkin, literary editor of the independent, famously condemned it as ""possibly the most perverse decision in the history of the award"" and bitter rival novelist tibor fischer poured scorn on banville's victory."	"boyd tonkin, literary editor of the independent, famously condemned it as ""possibly the most perverse decision in the history of the award"" and rival novelist tibor fischer poured scorn on banville's victory."
but sadly on june 17, 1987, dick howser died after a year long battle with brain cancer.	but on june 17, 1987, dick howser died after a year long battle with brain cancer.
in this way, kishi maintained that once the japanese proved that they were the ones with the power, the supposedly dog-like chinese would come to be naturally obedient to their japanese masters, and as such the japanese had to behave with a great deal of sternness to prove that they were the masters.	in this way, kishi maintained that once the japanese proved that they were the ones with the power, the dog-like chinese would come to be naturally obedient to their japanese masters, and as such the japanese had to behave with a great deal of sternness to prove that they were the masters.
fnbox was founded in june 2002 and successfully raised $6 million investment from venture capital and private investors in 2008. fnbox has built a series of businesses focused on the latin american internet community.	fnbox was founded in june 2002 and raised $6 million investment from venture capital and private investors in 2008. fnbox has built a series of businesses focused on the latin american internet community.
mystery diners is an american reality television series on the food network.	mystery diners is a scripted american reality television series on the food network.
in 1987, perry voted for a $5.7 billion tax hike proposed by republican governor bill clements.	in 1987, perry voted for a $5.7 billion tax increase proposed by republican governor bill clements.
( interestingly , wallace had served as a sergeant in a unit commanded by lemay during world war ii.)	( by coincidence , wallace had served as a sergeant in a unit commanded by lemay during world war ii.)
kim il-sung (15 april 1912 8 july 1994) was the genocidal communist dictator of north korea from its founding in 1948 until his death, when he was succeeded by his son kim jong-il.	kim il-sung (15 april 1912 8 july 1994) was the communist dictator of north korea from its founding in 1948 until his death, when he was succeeded by his son kim jong-il.
chairmen of the christian democratic union, 1950-present	chairpeople of the christian democratic union, 1950-present
ong is the author/co-author of several bestselling books in singapore and malaysia which include:	ong is the author/co-author of several books in singapore and malaysia which include:
in an interview with video gamer, call of duty: world at war senior producer, noah heller, revealed the team only had eight months to develop call of duty 3.	in an interview with video gamer, call of duty: world at war senior producer, noah heller, revealed the team had eight months to develop call of duty 3.
john taylor, one of the members of the quorum of the twelve apostles, who miraculously survived the event that killed joseph and almost himself, wrote an account of the event and a eulogy to the prophet, which are founded in doctrine and covenants 135.	john taylor, one of the members of the quorum of the twelve apostles, who survived the event that killed joseph and almost himself, wrote an account of the event and a eulogy to the prophet, which are founded in doctrine and covenants 135.
in bloodcurdling libel shamir discusses the blood libels against jews, false accusations that jews sacrifice christians, especially children, and use their blood in religious rituals.	in bloodcurdling libel shamir discusses the blood libels against jews, accusations that jews sacrifice christians, especially children, and use their blood in religious rituals.
the washington office on latin america notes on its border fact check site that the extremely high cost of complying with the secure fence act's mandate-estimated at us$4.1 billion, or more than the border patrols entire annual budget of us$3.55 billion- was the main reason that it was not fulfilled.	the washington office on latin america alleges on its border fact check site that the extremely high cost of complying with the secure fence act's mandate-estimated at us$4.1 billion, or more than the border patrols entire annual budget of us$3.55 billion- was the main reason that it was not fulfilled.
"musical motifs were cleverly used to bind the whole programme together: for example, the 'whistling' theme from ""caliban's dream"", first heard during the minute's silence within the pandemonium section, returned frequentlybehind the fury as the ring was being forged, emerging triumphant as the five rings came together, and again later as the flame was passed on to the young athletes."	"musical motifs were used to bind the whole programme together: for example, the 'whistling' theme from ""caliban's dream"", first heard during the minute's silence within the pandemonium section, returned frequentlybehind the fury as the ring was being forged, emerging triumphant as the five rings came together, and again later as the flame was passed on to the young athletes."
shaykh zakariyya was blessed to live and learn in an era considered by many to be one of great achievements in islamic knowledge by scholars in the indian subcontinent.	shaykh zakariyya was fortunate to live and learn in an era considered by many to be one of great achievements in islamic knowledge by scholars in the indian subcontinent.
this results in him taking her to the copacabana club (mostly known for the famous steady-cam shot that flows beautifully through the bowels of the club and onto the main floor) two to three times a week.	this results in him taking her to the copacabana club (mostly known for the famous steady-cam shot that flows through the bowels of the club and onto the main floor) two to three times a week.
as of may 2017, he is ranked as the world's best middleweight by boxrec and the transnational boxing rankings board (tbrb), and second best by the ring, only behind andre ward.	as of may 2017, he is ranked as the world's best middleweight by boxrec and the transnational boxing rankings board (tbrb), and second best by the ring, behind andre ward.
he is a liberal christian theologian, religion commentator and author.	he is a liberal theologian, religion commentator and author.
bracha l. ettinger, also known as bracha ettinger, bracha lichtenberg ettinger (hebrew: , -), is a prominent artist, painter, photographer, theorist and psychoanalyst.	bracha l. ettinger, also known as bracha ettinger, bracha lichtenberg ettinger (hebrew: , -), is a artist, painter, photographer, theorist and psychoanalyst.
memory stick is also occasionally used to refer incorrectly to usb flash memory drives.	memory stick is also occasionally used to refer informally to usb flash memory drives.
some users were generally unimpressed with windows me, due to alleged stability issues.	some users were generally unimpressed with windows me, due to perceived stability issues.
the cimarron was one of the company's least successful models, and its economy car roots did much to tarnish cadillac's prestige image.	the cimarron was one of the company's least successful models, and its economy car roots is seen by many automotive writers and critics as doing much to tarnish cadillac's prestige image.
gerald buckberg (born september 29, 1935) is a distinguished professor of surgery, division of cardiothoracic surgery, at the david geffen school of medicine at ucla.	gerald buckberg (born september 29, 1935) is a professor of surgery, division of cardiothoracic surgery, at the david geffen school of medicine at ucla.
jack berglund, sensational lead guitarist of the rock group, orange	jack berglund, lead guitarist of the rock group, orange
"trinity is ""a world-leading academic institution with an outstanding record of education, learning and research"" , and on a per-student basis, is one of the best-endowed educational institutions in the world."	"trinity considers itself to be ""a world-leading academic institution with an outstanding record of education, learning and research"" , and on a per-student basis, is one of the best-endowed educational institutions in the world."
the ci promotes a fundamentalist christian viewpoint, founded on the belief that the bible is inerrant and should be the authority on all of life.	the ci promotes a conservative christian viewpoint, founded on the belief that the bible is inerrant and should be the authority on all of life.
this was a necessary consequence of his a priori assumption that the scriptures as we have them today were not given by inspiration in any meaningful sense, but are basically the work of late-date editors who could not possibly have known the correct history of the times they were writing about.	this was a necessary consequence of his a priori assumption that the biblical books as we have them today were not given by inspiration in any meaningful sense, but are basically the work of late-date editors who could not possibly have known the correct history of the times they were writing about.
lujn faced republican dan east and independent carol miller in the general election and won easily .	lujn faced republican dan east and independent carol miller in the general election and won with 57% of the vote compared to east's 30% and miller's 13% .
now wheelchairbound , ethan's willpower only gets stronger and stronger.	now in a wheelchair , ethan's willpower only gets stronger and stronger.
the regime has a poor human rights record.	the regime is accused of having a poor human rights record.
some observers have questioned whether these islamophobic views violate the free speech and free exercise of religion clauses of the first amendment to the united states constitution.	some observers have questioned whether these views violate the free speech and free exercise of religion clauses of the first amendment to the united states constitution.
ferris state university has a growing campus downtown, including the applied technology center (operated with grcc) and the prestigious kendall college of art and design.	ferris state university has a growing campus downtown, including the applied technology center (operated with grcc) and the kendall college of art and design.
this remarkable fact has been dubbed cooper's law.	this striking fact has been dubbed cooper's law.
common uses of beta decay (and inverse beta decay) can be found in positron emission tomography (pet), or in particle detectors.	common uses of beta decay (and inverse beta decay) can be found in positron emission tomography (pet), or in neutrino detectors.
on june 6, 2007, it was announced that he joined turkish giants fenerbahe for the 2007-2008 season .	on june 6, 2007, it was announced that he joined turkish club fenerbahe for the 2007-2008 season .
in july 2005, brazilian jean charles de menezes was shot dead by police at stockwell tube station in london, because he was misidentified as a suspected suicide bomber, and police feared he had a bomb ready for detonation.	in july 2005, brazilian jean charles de menezes was shot dead by police at stockwell underground station in london, because he was misidentified as a suspected suicide bomber, and police feared he had a bomb ready for detonation.
the federal government stole land from the indians by conquest and treaty.	the federal government appropriated land from the indians by conquest and treaty.
"the 2013 mexico train accident occurred on 25 august 2013 after the notorious freight train ""la bestia"", with 300 passengers on board, most of them illegal immigrants, was derailed in huimanguillo, tabasco."	"the 2013 mexico train accident occurred on 25 august 2013 after the freight train ""la bestia"", with 300 passengers on board, most of them illegal immigrants, was derailed in huimanguillo, tabasco."
along with introducing a complicated fictional physics theory (kozuch theory), egan uses the gender-neutral pronouns 've',' vim ','ver' for a number of characters in the novel who opt to have a neutral gender, including yatima and blanca.	along with introducing a complicated fictional physics theory (kozuch theory), egan uses the gender-neutral pronouns 've',' vis ','ver' for a number of characters in the novel who opt to have a neutral gender, including yatima and blanca.
"in 2001, the wyoming attorney general legitimized pre-paid legal as a ""multi-level marketing"" organization and ""accepted a formal assurance of voluntary compliance that required the company to cease using prohibited income statements and to issue over $2000 in refunds to participants who claimed to have been"	"in 2001, the wyoming attorney general classified pre-paid legal as a ""multi-level marketing"" organization and ""accepted a formal assurance of voluntary compliance that required the company to cease using prohibited income statements and to issue over $2000 in refunds to participants who claimed to have been"
"chamar ( ""tanner""), also known as chamari/camari/charmkar/charmkari, is a low caste in india, pakistan and nepal."	"chamar ( ""tanner""), also known as chamari/camari/charmkar/charmkari, is a caste in india, pakistan and nepal."
the song and the music video were both included on the famous compilation nrj music awards 2010.	the song and the music video were both included on the compilation nrj music awards 2010.
hamas for instance might be viewed by many as freedom fighters, but by others as terrorists.	hamas for instance might be viewed by some as freedom fighters, but by others as terrorists.
the kerch strait bridge is a road-rail bridge under construction in russia, intended to span the strait of kerch between the kerch peninsula of crimea and the taman peninsula of krasnodar krai.	the kerch strait bridge is a road-rail bridge under construction in russia, to span the strait of kerch between the kerch peninsula of crimea and the taman peninsula of krasnodar krai.
the intellectual activist published a reply, alleging that chambers did not actually read the book, as he misspells the names of several major characters and uses no quotations from the novel in his critique.	the intellectual activist published a reply, arguing that chambers did not actually read the book, as he misspells the names of several major characters and uses no quotations from the novel in his critique.
robinson garnered just 36% of the votes to miller's 64%.	robinson garnered 36% of the votes to miller's 64%.
a memorial on pfanzeltplatz in munich today commemorates this atrocity .	a memorial on pfanzeltplatz in munich today commemorates this happening .
stacey was a good friend of damon's late girlfriend aaliyah who was tragically killed in a plane crash in august 2001. she's a loving sister of both darien dash (brother) and tia gordon (younger half sister) stacey, who has a son named austin by singer christopher williams, has been married to brian lovell (they met on the set of clueless, where he was an electrician) since july 1999. she is the sister of darien dash, ceo of dme interactive holdings, the first publicly traded african-american owned internet company.	stacey was a good friend of damon's late girlfriend aaliyah who was tragically killed in a plane crash in august 2001. she's a sister of both darien dash (brother) and tia gordon (younger half sister) stacey, who has a son named austin by singer christopher williams, has been married to brian lovell (they met on the set of clueless, where he was an electrician) since july 1999. she is the sister of darien dash, ceo of dme interactive holdings, the first publicly traded african-american owned internet company.
the group is considered a terrorist organization only by the united states, israel, canada and the netherlands.	the group is considered a terrorist organization by the united states, israel, canada and the netherlands.
following the call by the leader of the houthi movement, abdul-malik al-houthi, tens of thousands yemenis of various socioeconomic backgrounds took to the streets of the capital, sana'a, to voice their anger at the saudi invasion .	following the call by the leader of the houthi movement, abdul-malik al-houthi, tens of thousands yemenis of various socioeconomic backgrounds took to the streets of the capital, sana'a, to voice their anger at the saudi intervention .
endor ( ndr, en dor in the nkjv) was a canaanite city which is listed in the book of joshua as one of the cities with its dependencies which the israelites failed to dispossess .	endor ( ndr, en dor in the nkjv) was a canaanite city which is listed in the book of joshua as one of the cities with its dependencies which the israelites failed to conquer .
the russian (or soviet) winter is a common excuse for military failures of invaders in russia.	the russian (or soviet) winter is a common explanation or justification for military failures of invaders in russia.
in 1976, michael heseltine, a member of the conservative party famously seized the mace and brandished it at the opposing labour party members, during a heated debate on the aircraft and shipbuilding industries bill.	in 1976, michael heseltine, a member of the conservative party seized the mace and brandished it at the opposing labour party members, during a heated debate on the aircraft and shipbuilding industries bill.
martin glaberman (december 13, 1918 december 17, 2001) was an influential american marxist writer on labor, historian, academic, and autoworker.	martin glaberman (december 13, 1918 december 17, 2001) was an american marxist writer on labor, historian, academic, and autoworker.
"living near his disapproving in-laws, smith transcribed some of the strange ""reformed egyptian"" characters he said were engraved on the plates and dictated their translations to his wife."	"living near his disapproving in-laws, smith transcribed some of the ""reformed egyptian"" characters he said were engraved on the plates and dictated their translations to his wife."
problems with timeliness and execution	issues with timeliness and execution
michelle behennah (born january 7, 1977, singapore) is an english supermodel .	michelle behennah (born january 7, 1977, singapore) is an english model .
at the time of the case, she claimed her pregnancy was the result of rape, but she now admits that she was lying.	at the time of the case, she claimed her pregnancy was the result of rape, but she now says that she was lying.
september 10 joy viado, comedienne (b.	september 10 joy viado, comedian (b.
"ferry's hit cover of ""the 'in' crowd"" featured a striking o'list guitar solo."	"ferry's hit cover of ""the 'in' crowd"" featured a o'list guitar solo."
champlain set off with nine french soldiers and 300 natives in order to explore the rivire des iroquois (now richelieu river) when he subsequently discovered lake champlain.	champlain set off with nine french soldiers and 300 natives in order to explore the rivire des iroquois (now richelieu river) when he subsequently mapped lake champlain.
renoise (a professional tracker, can host vst/vsti)	renoise (a commercial tracker, can host vst/vsti)
"the group comprises largely of clandestine cells, termed ""nexions"", as well as gangs known as ""dreccs"", artists known as ""balobians"", and folk mystics known as ""rounwytha""."	"the group claims that its organization is comprised largely of clandestine cells, termed ""nexions"", as well as gangs known as ""dreccs"", artists known as ""balobians"", and folk mystics known as ""rounwytha""."
the scientific revolution is held by most historians (e.g., howard margolis) to have begun in 1543, when the first printed copy of his book de revolutionibus was brought from nuremberg to the polish astronomer nicolaus copernicus, who had written most parts of it years earlier but hesitated to publish.	the scientific revolution is held by most historians (e.g., howard margolis) to have begun in 1543, when the first printed copy of his book de revolutionibus was brought from nuremberg to the astronomer nicolaus copernicus, who had written most parts of it years earlier but hesitated to publish.
it used to be known as cold fusion; however, this term is now avoided as it can create confusion with other suggested forms of room-temperature fusion.	it used to be known as cold fusion; however, this term is now avoided as it can create confusion with other typically fraudulent or purely-theory forms of room-temperature fusion.
"leading scholars have rejected macdonald's work as contradicting ""basic principles of contemporary evolutionary psychology"" and failing ""basic tests of scientific credibility,"" though it has found an audience among white supremacists and the arab world for its attacks on jews."	"leading scholars have rejected macdonald's work as contradicting ""basic principles of contemporary evolutionary psychology"" and failing ""basic tests of scientific credibility,"" though it has found an audience among white supremacists and the arab world for its ideas on jews."
michael yeabsley former failed cricketer	michael yeabsley former cricketer
juan ricardo irfan cole (born october, 1952) is a controversial professor of modern middle east and south asian history in the history department at the university of michigan.	juan ricardo irfan cole (born october, 1952) is a professor of modern middle east and south asian history in the history department at the university of michigan.
graham's 1963 cga team was undefeated in the regular season but was trounced by a western kentucky team, 27-0 in the tangerine bowl.	graham's 1963 cga team was undefeated in the regular season but was beaten by a western kentucky team, 27-0 in the tangerine bowl.
the wallet is the forty-fifth episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the wallet is the forty-fifth episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
"huppert's performance has also been highlighted in a number of neutral publications and he was named as the top backbencher in the telegraph's recent list of ""most influential lib dems""."	"huppert's performance has also been highlighted in a number of publications and he was named as the top backbencher in the telegraph's recent list of ""most influential lib dems""."
the result is realism of nostalgic vivacity.	the result is realism of elegiac vivacity.
good animation of bldc motor in different commutation (block, star, sinus & sensorless) - coompared to steppermotors.	animation of bldc motor in different commutation (block, star, sinus & sensorless) - coompared to steppermotors.
reasons include high costs to visit their families back home, support of a family not allowed to work due to immigration laws, tuition that is ridiculous by world standards, and large fees: visa fees by u.s. citizenship and immigration services, surveillance fees (such as student and exchange visitor information systems, or sevis) by congress and homeland security.	reasons include high costs to visit their families back home, support of a family not allowed to work due to immigration laws, tuition that is steep by world standards, and large fees: visa fees by u.s. citizenship and immigration services, surveillance fees (such as student and exchange visitor information systems, or sevis) by congress and homeland security.
"lehi (group), a jewish/zionist terrorist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine (also known as the ""stern gang"")"	"lehi (group), a jewish/zionist militant group that operated in the british mandate of palestine (also known as the ""stern gang"")"
islam was the official religion practiced by the arabs and muladi (muwallad), the christians could keep their religion but under heavy dhimmi status and were forced to pay the jizyah.	islam was the official religion practiced by the arabs and muladi (muwallad), the christians could keep their religion but under dhimmi status and were forced to pay the jizyah.
in the various transformers television and comic series, optimus prime is the leader of the heroic autobots by right of his possession of the matrix of leadership.	in the various transformers television and comic series, optimus prime is the leader of the autobots by right of his possession of the matrix of leadership.
each one is only 75-80 minutes long.	each one is 75-80 minutes long.
"clojure (pronounced ""closure"") is a modern dialect of the lisp programming language."	"clojure (pronounced ""closure"") is a dialect of the lisp programming language."
the death of these invaders is evident as they seemingly dehydrate upon their passing ; but this occurs only in the end, and thus may be a result of their exposure to bacteria.	the death of these invaders is evident as they seemingly dehydrate upon their death ; but this occurs only in the end, and thus may be a result of their exposure to bacteria.
the assassins then left the room for several minutes to let the haze clear, and when they returned they killed dr botkin, tsarevich alexei and grand duchesses olga and tatiana.	the executioners then left the room for several minutes to let the haze clear, and when they returned they killed dr botkin, tsarevich alexei and grand duchesses olga and tatiana.
the district attorney praised the officer for his brave actions.	the district attorney praised the officer for his actions.
"the lovely mansion which houses the collection was built between 1656 and 1659 for pierre aubert, lord of fontenay, who became rich collecting the salt tax (the name of the building means ""salted"")."	"the mansion which houses the collection was built between 1656 and 1659 for pierre aubert, lord of fontenay, who became rich collecting the salt tax (the name of the building means ""salted"")."
the flashback then ends with vivi's pov on the current situation, involving the rebel army and crocodile's true intentions, and finally showing vivi to have been sleeping on a lawn chair onboard the going merry, which is heading toward alabasta.	the flashback then ends with vivi's point of view on the current situation, involving the rebel army and crocodile's true intentions, and finally showing vivi to have been sleeping on a lawn chair onboard the going merry, which is heading toward alabasta.
lee harvey oswald (october 18, 1939 november 24, 1963) assassinated u.s. president john f. kennedy and then murdered dallas texas policeman j. d. tippit on november 22, 1963, as determined in 1964, by the warren commission and three other formal federal investigations into the assassination.	lee harvey oswald (october 18, 1939 november 24, 1963) assassinated u.s. president john f. kennedy and then killed dallas texas policeman j. d. tippit on november 22, 1963, as determined in 1964, by the warren commission and three other formal federal investigations into the assassination.
a member of the prestigious american law institute, serving on the products liability sub-committee.	a member of the american law institute, serving on the products liability sub-committee.
it also includes a refined version of the designed by leica dual-camera setup from its predecessor.	it also includes a version of the designed by leica dual-camera setup from its predecessor.
stowe school is an exclusive independent school in stowe, buckinghamshire.	stowe school is an independent school in stowe, buckinghamshire.
other relevant groups are the buddhist clergy; the sri lanka trade unions; the liberation tigers of tamil eelam or ltte (rebel terrorist group fighting for a separate state/control over sri lanka) and sinhalese groups such as the national movement against terrorism as well as sinhalese buddhist and sidney saulter lay groups.	other relevant groups are the buddhist clergy; the sri lanka trade unions; the liberation tigers of tamil eelam or ltte (rebel group fighting for a separate state/control over sri lanka) and sinhalese groups such as the national movement against terrorism as well as sinhalese buddhist and sidney saulter lay groups.
although many low-end digital audio players such as apple's ipod do not natively support vorbis, through the use of rockbox, an open-source firmware project, many become capable of decoding vorbis files.	although many digital audio players such as apple's ipod do not natively support vorbis, through the use of rockbox, an open-source firmware project, many become capable of decoding vorbis files.
neutral characters (characters that only apper in one episode.)	neutral characters (characters that only appear in one episode.)
washington and lee university (also known as w&l) is a prestigious private liberal arts university in lexington, virginia, united states.	washington and lee university (also known as w&l) is a private liberal arts university in lexington, virginia, united states.
piezoelectric transducers, frequently used as beepers in watches etc., are often used as tweeters in cheap speaker systems.	piezoelectric transducers, frequently used as beepers in watches etc., are often used as tweeters in less-expensive speaker systems.
it was pioneered by robert m. solovay in 1976. since then until his passing in 1996 the prime inspirer of the field was george boolos.	it was pioneered by robert m. solovay in 1976. since then until his death in 1996 the prime inspirer of the field was george boolos.
"in season two, ""rusty,"" now renamed ""dusty,"" would be portrayed by actress- comedienne mo gaffney."	"in season two, ""rusty,"" now renamed ""dusty,"" would be portrayed by actress- comedian mo gaffney."
patient innovation is a website that shares innovative solutions and ideas developed by patients and informal caregivers for managing personal health issues.	patient innovation is a website that shares solutions and ideas developed by patients and informal caregivers for managing personal health issues.
the second fitna, or second islamic civil war, was a period of general political and military disorder that afflicted the islamic empire during the early umayyad dynasty, following the death of the first umayyad caliph muawiyah i. historians dates its start variously as 680 or 683 ad and its end as being somewhere between 685 and 692. the war involved the suppression of two challenges to the umayyad dynasty, the first by husayn ibn ali ( martyred at the battle of karbala in 680) and the second by abd allah ibn al-zubayr (killed in 692).	the second fitna, or second islamic civil war, was a period of general political and military disorder that afflicted the islamic empire during the early umayyad dynasty, following the death of the first umayyad caliph muawiyah i. historians dates its start variously as 680 or 683 ad and its end as being somewhere between 685 and 692. the war involved the suppression of two challenges to the umayyad dynasty, the first by husayn ibn ali ( killed at the battle of karbala in 680) and the second by abd allah ibn al-zubayr (killed in 692).
other notable roles include starring as siddhartha gautama in little buddha; as scott favor in the drama my own private idaho opposite river phoenix; as johnny mnemonic in the sci-fi film johnny mnemonic opposite dolph lundgren; as kevin lomax in the supernatural thriller the devil's advocate opposite al pacino; the chevalier danceny in dangerous liaisons; and starring roles in chain reaction, constantine and the epic surf drama point break.	other notable roles include starring as siddhartha gautama in little buddha; as scott favor in the drama my own private idaho opposite river phoenix; as johnny mnemonic in the sci-fi film johnny mnemonic opposite dolph lundgren; as kevin lomax in the supernatural thriller the devil's advocate opposite al pacino; the chevalier danceny in dangerous liaisons; and starring roles in chain reaction, constantine and the surf drama point break.
cagney later played fictional gangster rocky sullivan in angels with dirty faces (1938), worked as a gangster opposite humphrey bogart in the roaring twenties, won an oscar playing george m. cohan in yankee doodle dandy (1942), returned to his gangster roots in raoul walsh's masterpiece white heat (1949) (made it, ma!	cagney later played fictional gangster rocky sullivan in angels with dirty faces (1938), worked as a gangster opposite humphrey bogart in the roaring twenties, won an oscar playing george m. cohan in yankee doodle dandy (1942), returned to his gangster roots in raoul walsh's film white heat (1949) (made it, ma!
firth's most acclaimed role to date was his portrayal of king george vi in tom hoopers the king's speech (2010), a performance that earned him an academy award for best actor, among other accolades.	firth's highly acclaimed role to date was his portrayal of king george vi in tom hoopers the king's speech (2010), a performance that earned him an academy award for best actor, among other accolades.
"tory and eves share a number of attributes, both coming from the so- called ""red tory"" wing of the party."	"tory and eves share a number of attributes, both coming from the often called ""red tory"" wing of the party."
he was elected a fellow of the royal society of london in 1982 and knighted in 1996. from 2006 he has been editor of the prestigious journal, proceedings of the royal society a.	he was elected a fellow of the royal society of london in 1982 and knighted in 1996. from 2006 he has been editor of the journal, proceedings of the royal society a.
vim is a modal text editor first released by bram moolenaar in 1991 for the amiga computer.	vim is a text editor first released by bram moolenaar in 1991 for the amiga computer.
charlie thomas cox (born 15 december 1982) is an english actor best known for his roles as matt murdock/daredevil in marvel's daredevil tv series by netflix, tristan thorn in stardust and owen sleater in the second and third seasons of hbo's boardwalk empire.	charlie thomas cox (born 15 december 1982) is an english actor known for his roles as matt murdock/daredevil in marvel's daredevil tv series by netflix, tristan thorn in stardust and owen sleater in the second and third seasons of hbo's boardwalk empire.
he represented district 6, on which he served from 2000 to 2010. his turbulent decade-long career terminated in 2011. he now lives in fairfield, california.	he represented district 6, on which he served from 2000 to 2010. his turbulent decade-long career ended in 2011. he now lives in fairfield, california.
carter joined the free soil party in 1848, and in 1850 wrote for the boston atlas a series of brilliant articles in reply to francis bowen's attack on the hungarian revolutionists.	carter joined the free soil party in 1848, and in 1850 wrote for the boston atlas a series of articles in reply to francis bowen's attack on the hungarian revolutionists.
blazing star (mentzelia lindleyi) california native plants are plants that existed in california prior to the advent of europeans.	blazing star (mentzelia lindleyi) california native plants are plants that existed in california prior to the arrival of europeans.
since israel's declaration of independence in 1948 the young nation has found itself at odds with the arab world and other predominantly muslim nations.	since israel's declaration of independence in 1948 the nation has found itself at odds with the arab world and other predominantly muslim nations.
it is known that since 1720, the baltic sea has frozen over entirely only 20 times.	it is known that since 1720, the baltic sea has frozen over entirely a total of 20 times.
this argument omments fact that content providers already pay a service provider to host data on internet for end users to consume.	this argument omits the fact that content providers already pay a service provider to host data on internet for end users to consume.
he also enjoyed a career as a singer, releasing singles on the pye records label and worked as a disc jockey for 194 radio city in liverpool.	he also had a career as a singer, releasing singles on the pye records label and worked as a disc jockey for 194 radio city in liverpool.
anglophone public education is offered by school district 70 alberni, which operates 11 schools in port alberni.	public education is offered by school district 70 alberni, which operates 11 schools in port alberni.
under bogdan iii cel orb, ottoman overlordship was confirmed in the shape that would rapidly degenerate into control over moldavia's affairs.	under bogdan iii cel orb, ottoman overlordship was confirmed in the shape that would rapidly evolve into control over moldavia's affairs.
gutierrez made his debut in mexico on april 30, 1989 when he was only 14 years old.	gutierrez made his debut in mexico on april 30, 1989 when he was 14 years old.
other factors in the controversy was the extensive history of activism where marine mammals are concerned, stemming from the on-going whaling problem , and the sympathy that much of the public feels toward marine mammals.	other factors in the controversy was the extensive history of activism where marine mammals are concerned, stemming from the on-going whaling conflict , and the sympathy that much of the public feels toward marine mammals.
blair forged friendships with several conservative european leaders, including silvio berlusconi of italy, angela merkel of germany and later nicolas sarkozy of france.	blair forged friendships with several european leaders, including silvio berlusconi of italy, angela merkel of germany and later nicolas sarkozy of france.
a creationist museum is a facility hosting exhibits which mimic the established natural history museum format to present a creationist view that the earth and life on earth were created some 6,000 to 10,000 years ago in six days.	a creationist museum is a facility hosting exhibits which use the established natural history museum format to present a creationist view that the earth and life on earth were created some 6,000 to 10,000 years ago in six days.
it was based on lyrics by romanian poet alexandru basarab, which retold the story of zalmoxis's existence.	it was based on lyrics by poet alexandru basarab, which retold the story of zalmoxis's existence.
on july 16, 1999, yanagihara was tragically killed in a car accident one week before the group's first release, futari no hokkaidou on july 23, 1999. she is the only hello!	on july 16, 1999, yanagihara was killed in a car accident one week before the group's first release, futari no hokkaidou on july 23, 1999. she is the only hello!
cotto was taken as a little kid to the famous bairoa gym in caguas, where juan carazo and alberto mercado also trained.	cotto was taken as a little kid to the bairoa gym in caguas, where juan carazo and alberto mercado also trained.
the firm recommended that zanzibar follow neo-liberal economist hernando de soto polar's ideas about the formalization of property rights for persons living on ancestral land for which they probably do not have a legal deed.	the firm recommended that zanzibar follow economist hernando de soto polar's ideas about the formalization of property rights for persons living on ancestral land for which they probably do not have a legal deed.
"himara (also , from , ""himarra"") is a town and a region in southern albania, part of the district of vlor."	"himara (also , , ""himarra"") is a town and a region in southern albania, part of the district of vlor."
lizz winstead (born 1961), american comedienne , radio and television personality, and blogger	lizz winstead (born 1961), american comedian , radio and television personality, and blogger
other noted secret treaties include the sections of the molotov-ribbentrop pact that divided eastern europe and the quadpartite agreement on intellignece matters between great britain, the united states, canada, and australia.	other noted secret treaties include the sections of the molotov-ribbentrop pact that divided eastern europe and the quadpartite agreement on intellignece matters between britain, the united states, canada, and australia.
memorial to the victims with prophetic graffiti, 1982	memorial to the victims with graffiti, 1982
using the system's telex machines, the government was able to guarantee the transport of food into the city with only about 200 trucks driven by scabs .	using the system's telex machines, the government was able to guarantee the transport of food into the city with only about 200 trucks driven by strike-breakers .
he also endorsed the writings of australian historian keith windschuttle in the 2083 manifesto, among other controversial australian political figures.	he also endorsed the writings of australian historian keith windschuttle in the 2083 manifesto, among other australian political figures.
ealing is a major suburban district of west london, england and the administrative centre of the london borough of ealing.	ealing is a suburban district of west london, england and the administrative centre of the london borough of ealing.
after his passing , his sons, the maccabees led the uprising to a victory establishing an independent jewish state.	after his death , his sons, the maccabees led the uprising to a victory establishing an independent jewish state.
in 2017 fusion started a salesforce practice in the uk to deliver salesforce solutions to large business and enterprise customers.	in 2017 fusion started a salesforce practice in the uk to deliver salesforce applications to large business and enterprise customers.
"stephen graham (born 3 august 1973) is an english film and television actor, best known for his roles as tommy in the film snatch (2000), andrew ""combo"" gascoigne in this is england (2006) as well as its television sequels, this is england '86 (2010), this is england '88 (2011) and this is england '90 (2015), notorious bank robber baby face nelson in public enemies (2009), scrum in the pirates of the caribbean films and al capone in the hbo series boardwalk empire."	"stephen graham (born 3 august 1973) is an english film and television actor, known for his roles as tommy in the film snatch (2000), andrew ""combo"" gascoigne in this is england (2006) as well as its television sequels, this is england '86 (2010), this is england '88 (2011) and this is england '90 (2015), notorious bank robber baby face nelson in public enemies (2009), scrum in the pirates of the caribbean films and al capone in the hbo series boardwalk empire."
on april 4, 2016, disney unexpectedly announced that staggs and the company had mutually agreed to part ways, effective may 2016, ending his 26-year career with the company.	on april 4, 2016, disney announced that staggs and the company had mutually agreed to part ways, effective may 2016, ending his 26-year career with the company.
judge judy finally won its first daytime emmy for outstanding legal/courtroom program in 2013, on its 15th nomination.	judge judy won its first daytime emmy for outstanding legal/courtroom program in 2013, on its 15th nomination.
the blind singer died in kolkata on 28 november 1962. famous playback singer manna dey was his nephew.	the blind singer died in kolkata on 28 november 1962. playback singer manna dey was his nephew.
in the fall of 1970, after the commercial failure of the stellar sunflower album, the beach boys hired jack rieley as their manager.	in the fall of 1970, after the commercial failure of the sunflower album, the beach boys hired jack rieley as their manager.
"(in other words, rfra was supposed to ""ratchet up"" the rights of citizens—as opposed to ratcheting them down—which the court in the earlier decision of katzenbach v. morgan had suggested was perfectly constitutional.)"	"(in other words, rfra was supposed to ""ratchet up"" the rights of citizens—as opposed to ratcheting them down—which the court in the earlier decision of katzenbach v. morgan had suggested was constitutional.)"
the terrorists had attached a carbomb, detonating it from a distance.	the assassins had attached a carbomb, detonating it from a distance.
"for example, john philip sousa's ""stars and stripes forever"" carries a magnificent piccolo solo that has delighted audiences of all ages."	"for example, john philip sousa's ""stars and stripes forever"" carries a notable piccolo solo that has delighted audiences of all ages."
"the title, ""the brethren,"" is one that many of their number are comfortable with, in that the holy bible designates all believers as, ""brethren."""	"the title, ""the brethren,"" is one that many of their number are comfortable with, in that the bible designates all believers as, ""brethren."""
msnbc.com, is the online news outlet for the nbc news family (today show, nightly news and dateline) as well as the cable channel's affiliated web site is currently in a fierce battle with cnn.com for the honor of top online u.s. news site.	msnbc.com, is the online news outlet for the nbc news family (today show, nightly news and dateline) as well as the cable channel's affiliated web site is currently in a fierce battle with cnn.com for the position of top online u.s. news site.
even after his passing he is exploited as a martyr by the national revolutionary party, a political organization led by shagpoke whipple, a manipulative former american president.	even after his death he is exploited as a martyr by the national revolutionary party, a political organization led by shagpoke whipple, a manipulative former american president.
susan flannery is an emmy-winning american actress, known for her roles in the daytime dramas the bold and the beautiful and days of our lives.	susan flannery is an american actress, known for her roles in the daytime dramas the bold and the beautiful and days of our lives.
this body of work includes some of the greatest poetry written in middle english.	this body of work includes some of the most well-regarded poetry written in middle english.
steven a. silver, writing for the free republic, claims that this class of persons consists solely of american citizens.	steven a. silver, writing for the free republic, states that this class of persons consists solely of american citizens.
the powerbook 500 series was introduced on may 16, 1994 with the expensive active matrix lcd powerbook 540c and 540, with the passive matrix 520c and 520 soon after.	the powerbook 500 series was introduced on may 16, 1994 with the high-end active matrix lcd powerbook 540c and 540, with the passive matrix 520c and 520 soon after.
bush was a keen rugby union player and was on yale's 1st xv.	bush was a rugby union player and was on yale's 1st xv.
it was tried in a bench trial from september 26, 2005, to november 4, 2005, before judge john e. jones iii, a conservative republican appointed in 2002 by george w. bush.	it was tried in a bench trial from september 26, 2005, to november 4, 2005, before judge john e. jones iii, a republican appointed in 2002 by george w. bush.
the governor serves as a spokesman for the state, promoting business and economic development interests.	the governor serves as a spokesperson for the state, promoting business and economic development interests.
"in the episode reawakening he was resurrected in a scene eerily reminiscent of frankenstein (xanatos even manages to say the infamous line ""it's alive!"	"in the episode reawakening he was resurrected in a scene reminiscent of frankenstein (xanatos even manages to say the infamous line ""it's alive!"
he hailed from jodhpur town and was a popular leader of indian national congress party.	he hailed from jodhpur town and was a leader of indian national congress party.
in a series of elegant papers beginning in 1994, gilles laurent and his colleagues at the california institute of technology showed that oscillations exist in the brain of the locust, that different odors lead to different subsets of neurons firing on different sets of oscillatory cycles (wehr and laurent, 1996), that the oscillations can be disrupted by gaba blocker picrotoxin (macleod and laurent, 1996), that disruption of the oscillatory synchronization leads to impairment of behavioral discrimination of chemically similar odorants in bees (stopfer et al., 1997) and to more similar responses across odors in downstream -lobe neurons (macleod et al., 1998).	in a series of papers beginning in 1994, gilles laurent and his colleagues at the california institute of technology showed that oscillations exist in the brain of the locust, that different odors lead to different subsets of neurons firing on different sets of oscillatory cycles (wehr and laurent, 1996), that the oscillations can be disrupted by gaba blocker picrotoxin (macleod and laurent, 1996), that disruption of the oscillatory synchronization leads to impairment of behavioral discrimination of chemically similar odorants in bees (stopfer et al., 1997) and to more similar responses across odors in downstream -lobe neurons (macleod et al., 1998).
there are two many different types of dirt bikes.	there are many different types of dirt bikes.
leese was an antisemite for much of his life, a prejudice reportedly kindled by his disgust for kashrut, a set of laws dictating the correct form for preparing food and humanely slaughtering animals.	leese was an antisemite for much of his life, a prejudice reportedly kindled by his disgust for kashrut, a set of laws dictating the correct form for preparing food and slaughtering animals.
while the show had the potential to be a success, poor scheduling of the program in a late night slot meant it reached only a limited audience.	while the show had the potential to be a success , scheduling of the program in a late night slot meant it reached only a limited audience.
hall of fame quarterback y. a. tittle holds the unfortunate record of the highest number of playoff starts without ever winning a game (4).	hall of fame quarterback y. a. tittle holds the record of the highest number of playoff starts without ever winning a game (4).
the paleolithic diet, also known as the paleo diet or caveman diet, is a fad diet based on the food humans' ancient ancestors might likely have eaten, such as meat, nuts and berries.	the paleolithic diet, also known as the paleo diet or caveman diet, is a diet based on the food humans' ancient ancestors might likely have eaten, such as meat, nuts and berries.
perhaps the most outstanding blog which supported the three students was durham-in-wonderland authored by brooklyn college history professor k.c.	perhaps the most read blog which supported the three students was durham-in-wonderland authored by brooklyn college history professor k.c.
the present divisor, after many adjustments, is less than one (meaning the index is actually larger than the sum of the prices of the components).	the present divisor, after many adjustments, is less than one (meaning the index is larger than the sum of the prices of the components).
he grew up in earlwood, a working-class suburb of sydney.	he grew up in earlwood, a suburb of sydney.
"like his previous hits ""summer"" and ""feel so close"", harris returns as a vocalist on ""my way""."	"like his previous singles ""summer"" and ""feel so close"", harris returns as a vocalist on ""my way""."
important cultures and civilizations have existed there since prehistoric times.	many cultures and civilizations have existed there since prehistoric times.
there is a shop tactically located at the exits of the two rides called katanga cargo, hosting much strange and wonderful ancient tribal themed mechandise as well as the photo stalls for the rides.	there is a shop located at the exits of the two rides called katanga cargo, hosting much strange and wonderful ancient tribal themed mechandise as well as the photo stalls for the rides.
"the title track from fgth's album, ""welcome to the pleasuredome,"" was released as a fourth single in march 1985. early promotional posters for the single cockily proclaimed it as ""their fourth number one,"" even prior to the single's release."	"the title track from fgth's album, ""welcome to the pleasuredome,"" was released as a fourth single in march 1985. early promotional posters for the single proclaimed it as ""their fourth number one,"" even prior to the single's release."
"the bleak final line of the story sums up: ""and darkness and decay and the red death held illimitable dominion over all."""	"the final line of the story sums up: ""and darkness and decay and the red death held illimitable dominion over all."""
al sack (january 3, 1911 december 6, 1947) was a conductor, composer, arranger, and violinist whose career spanned from the late 1920s up until his passing in 1947. he is primarily associated with his work on radio and records through partnerships with artists like tony martin, andy russell, gracie fields, dinah shore, and roy rogers.	al sack (january 3, 1911 december 6, 1947) was a conductor, composer, arranger, and violinist whose career spanned from the late 1920s up until his death in 1947. he is primarily associated with his work on radio and records through partnerships with artists like tony martin, andy russell, gracie fields, dinah shore, and roy rogers.
unfortunately this contributed to a delay in the setup of the band's sound system; a pair of world war ii spitfire aircraft were due to fly over the crowd during their entrance, and the performance could not be delayed.	this contributed to a delay in the setup of the band's sound system; a pair of world war ii spitfire aircraft were due to fly over the crowd during their entrance, and the performance could not be delayed.
in religion, a prophet (or prophetess) is a person who has encountered the supernatural or the divine and serves as an intermediary with humanity.	in religion, a prophet (or prophetess) is a person who claims to have encountered the supernatural or the divine and serves as an intermediary with humanity.
"how i hate to get up in the morning"" is a popular song written by irving berlin in 1918 that gives a comic perspective on military life."	"how i hate to get up in the morning"" is a song written by irving berlin in 1918 that gives a comic perspective on military life."
cheryl stansbury was a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	cheryl stansbury was a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
the magdeburg centuries was a celebrated work of ecclesiastical history compiled by lutheran scholars and published between 1559 and 1574. devoting a volume to each century, it covered the first thirteen centuries of christianity up to 1298. the work was virulently anti-catholic.	the magdeburg centuries was a work of ecclesiastical history compiled by lutheran scholars and published between 1559 and 1574. devoting a volume to each century, it covered the first thirteen centuries of christianity up to 1298. the work was virulently anti-catholic.
this usage has declined amongst some historians because within the field of holocaust studies revisionism has come to specifically designate historical work which aims to deny the extent of the jewish holocaust.	this usage has declined amongst some historians because within the field of holocaust studies revisionism has come to specifically designate historical work which aims to investigate the extent of the jewish holocaust.
"since then, he has advocated for the forced removal of all muslims from the united states, writing that ""simple judeo-christian compassion dictates a restriction and repatriation policy with regard to muslim immigration into the u.s."" in august 2010, fischer opposed the construction of the muslim park51 community center near the world trade center site, incorrectly believing it to be a mosque and claiming that the building signified a ""subversive ideology""."	"since then, he has advocated for the forced removal of all muslims from the united states, writing that ""simple judeo-christian compassion dictates a restriction and repatriation policy with regard to muslim immigration into the u.s."" in august 2010, fischer opposed the construction of the muslim park51 community center near the world trade center site, believing it to be a mosque and claiming that the building signified a ""subversive ideology""."
it is just to the south of the mountain njfjellet and the village has spectacular views of the flat plains of jren below.	it is just to the south of the mountain njfjellet and the village has views of the flat plains of jren below.
all baptized witnesses are considered ordained ministers by the witness brotherhood , and are obligated to provide religious instruction to others.	all baptized witnesses are considered ordained ministers by the witness society , and are obligated to provide religious instruction to others.
knight sends samples of tiger footwear to legendary university of oregon track coach bill bowerman, for whom knight ran middle distances while an undergraduate.	knight sends samples of tiger footwear to university of oregon track coach bill bowerman, for whom knight ran middle distances while an undergraduate.
the united states of america was a progressive rock and psychedelic band whose works are an intriguing example of early electronic music in rock and roll.	the united states of america was a progressive rock and psychedelic band whose works are an example of early electronic music in rock and roll.
according to philip cohen, aimovi, vasiljevi and ivani were nazi agents prior to the invasion of yugoslavia.	according to philip cohen, aimovi, vasiljevi and ivani were german agents prior to the invasion of yugoslavia.
nasrullah khan khattak lived on an estate on the hills of manki village, with a breathtaking view of nowshera during the last decade of his life.	nasrullah khan khattak lived on an estate on the hills of manki village, with a panoramic view of nowshera during the last decade of his life.
lihirians still follow traditional belief systems, although official census records indicate that 99% of the png population are christians, with catholicism being the largest denomination.	lihirians follow traditional belief systems, although official census records indicate that 99% of the png population are christians, with catholicism being the largest denomination.
orthodox church of ukraine ( non-canonical )	orthodox church of ukraine ( mildly recognized )
drakaz, a developer who has been working on getting android v1.6, v2.2 and v2.3 to work on the i7500 for some time has made some great improvements.	drakaz, a developer who has been working on getting android v1.6, v2.2 and v2.3 to work on the i7500 for some time has made some improvements .
many clubs, such as junior statesmen of america and future scientist and engineers of america focus on specific career fields and help students understand them better.	many clubs, such as junior state of america and future scientist and engineers of america focus on specific career fields and help students understand them better.
the biggest one is jerry day, which celebrates jerry garcia (founder of the grateful dead) and typically draws thousands of residents, former residents, deadheads, and other revelers to john mclaren park and the beautiful jerry garcia amphitheater, which is bordered by the excelsior, visitacion valley, and portola districts.	the biggest one is jerry day, which celebrates jerry garcia (founder of the grateful dead) and typically draws thousands of residents, former residents, deadheads, and other revelers to john mclaren park and the jerry garcia amphitheater, which is bordered by the excelsior, visitacion valley, and portola districts.
"he wrote articles about smoking for the wall street journal in 1998 and 2000, and in 2000 wrote a 65-page pamphlet""who, what, and why: trans-national government, legitimacy and the world health organisation""for the institute of economic affairs, a british self-styled free-market think-tank."	"he wrote articles about smoking for the wall street journal in 1998 and 2000, and in 2000 wrote a 65-page pamphlet""who, what, and why: trans-national government, legitimacy and the world health organisation""for the institute of economic affairs, a british free-market think-tank."
"this is because there are tremendous liability protections as well as tax advantages to being ""incorporated"" as opposed to being ""self-employed""."	"this is because there are liability protections as well as tax advantages to being ""incorporated"" as opposed to being ""self-employed""."
because it is not empirical, it is not a science.	some hold that since it is not empirical, it is not a science.
however, since rio is inside the tropics this period will not see the cold winter weather associated with more extreme latitudes.	however, since rio is inside the tropics this period will not see the cold winter weather associated with more polar latitudes.
flying in a blue dream marks joe's first record to feature himself playing harmonica and banjo but is noted for satriani's influential use of echoing harmonics throughout much the album including the track flying in a blue dream itself.	flying in a blue dream marks joe's first record to feature himself playing harmonica and banjo but is noted for satriani's use of echoing harmonics throughout much the album including the track flying in a blue dream itself.
despite these patterns, the party claims the boundary review committee is a neutral party who advises on electorial boundary changes based on demographic changes.	despite these patterns, the party claims the boundary review committee is a neutral party who advises on electoral boundary changes based on demographic changes.
the stolen generation (or stolen generations) is a term used to describe the australian aboriginal and torres strait islander children, usually of mixed descent who were taken from their families, under the spurious rationale of protecting their interests, by australian government agencies and church missions, under various state acts of parliament, denying the rights of parents and making all aboriginal children wards of the state, between approximately 1869 and (officially) 1969. the policy typically involved the removal of children into internment camps, orphanages and other institutions.	the stolen generation (or stolen generations) is a term used to describe the australian aboriginal and torres strait islander children, usually of mixed descent who were taken from their families, under the rationale of protecting their interests, by australian government agencies and church missions, under various state acts of parliament, denying the rights of parents and making all aboriginal children wards of the state, between approximately 1869 and (officially) 1969. the policy typically involved the removal of children into internment camps, orphanages and other institutions.
"the use of ""iff"" to abbreviate ""if and only if"" is sometimes miscredited to halmos, however he has said that he borrowed this notation."	"the use of ""iff"" to abbreviate ""if and only if"" is sometimes mistakenly credited to halmos, however he has said that he borrowed this notation."
the spanish heavy cruiser (attempted to rescue some survivors from bismarck)	spanish heavy cruiser (attempted to rescue some survivors from bismarck)
"four years later, on august 2, 2005, mangum joined the olivia tremor control onstage at new york's bowery ballroom to sing lead vocals on their songs ""i have been floated"" and ""shaving spiders."""	"four years later, on august 2, 2005, mangum joined the olivia tremor control onstage at new york's bowery ballroom to sing vocals on their songs ""i have been floated"" and ""shaving spiders."""
"there is confusion among modern historians about whether ""drawing"" referred to the dragging to the place of execution or the disembowelling, but since two different words are used in the official documents detailing the mock trial of william wallace (""detrahatur"" for drawing as a method of transport, and ""devaletur"" for disembowelment), there is no doubt that the victims of this extraordinarily cruel form of punishment were in fact disembowelled."	"there is confusion among modern historians about whether ""drawing"" referred to the dragging to the place of execution or the disembowelling, but since two different words are used in the official documents detailing the trial of william wallace (""detrahatur"" for drawing as a method of transport, and ""devaletur"" for disembowelment), there is no doubt that the victims of this extraordinarily cruel form of punishment were in fact disembowelled."
the stock operating speeds of the cmd hd-series units were not very much faster than the stock speeds of a 1541 floppy drive, but thankfully the units were fully jiffydos compatible.	the stock operating speeds of the cmd hd-series units were not very much faster than the stock speeds of a 1541 floppy drive, but the units were fully jiffydos compatible.
ideological differences eventually erupted into violent conflict that peaked in 1976, with clashes between eprp and meison supporters and eprp terrorist attacks against public buildings and high-ranking derg officials.	ideological differences eventually erupted into violent conflict that peaked in 1976, with clashes between eprp and meison supporters and eprp attacks against public buildings and high-ranking derg officials.
in addition to the horrendous carnage of the first world war, the ungodly bolshevik revolution in russia and the slide towards guerrilla war in ireland, there was an outbreak of spanish flu in 1918 that killed an estimated 20 million people worldwide.	in addition to the horrendous carnage of the first world war, the bolshevik revolution in russia and the slide towards guerrilla war in ireland, there was an outbreak of spanish flu in 1918 that killed an estimated 20 million people worldwide.
karen mulder, born june 1, 1970 in vlaardingen, zuid-holland, netherlands (near rotterdam) and raised in den haag and voorburg, holland, is a former dutch supermodel .	karen mulder, born june 1, 1970 in vlaardingen, zuid-holland, netherlands (near rotterdam) and raised in den haag and voorburg, holland, is a former dutch model .
"as a result of shrewd investments like these, bechtolsheim was seen as one of the most successful ""angel investors"", particularly in areas such as electronic design automation (eda), which refers to the software used by people designing computer chips."	"as a result of investments like these, bechtolsheim was seen as one of the most successful ""angel investors"", particularly in areas such as electronic design automation (eda), which refers to the software used by people designing computer chips."
nicknamed el capitn de america (america's captain) because of his great technique, his leadership, his organisation ability on the field and was selected captain of the american continent's team.	nicknamed el capitn de america (america's captain) because of his technique, his leadership, his organisation ability on the field and was selected captain of the american continent's team.
the order of lafayette is a patriotic, hereditary, nonpartisan, and fraternal organization established in new york city in 1958 by colonel hamilton fish iii (1888-1991), a distinguished former congressman from new york and decorated veteran of the first world war.	the order of lafayette is a patriotic, hereditary, nonpartisan, and fraternal organization established in new york city in 1958 by colonel hamilton fish iii (1888-1991), a former congressman from new york and decorated veteran of the first world war.
she is not to be confused with non-jewish actress/ comedienne nancy walker, who appeared on the television shows rhoda and the mary tyler moore show as rhoda's mother, mrs. morgenstern.	she is not to be confused with non-jewish actress/ comedian nancy walker, who appeared on the television shows rhoda and the mary tyler moore show as rhoda's mother, mrs. morgenstern.
cunningham's notoriety as a cnn commentator led several republican leaders to approach him about running in what was then the 44th district, one of four that divided san diego.	cunningham's visibility as a cnn commentator led several republican leaders to approach him about running in what was then the 44th district, one of four that divided san diego.
according to the hebrew pentateuch , the first human found in the holy bible.	according to the hebrew pentateuch , the first human found in the bible.
litvinenko also served as a foot soldier during the disastrous russian operation in the dagestani village of pervomayskoye, where two of his comrades were killed by friendly fire from the rocket artillery.	litvinenko also served as a foot soldier during the russian operation in the dagestani village of pervomayskoye, where two of his comrades were killed by friendly fire from the rocket artillery.
khalid ibrahim ahmed hyacinth alasiri, who successfully recruited his own brother for a suicide bombing mission	khalid ibrahim ahmed hyacinth alasiri, who successfully recruited his brother for a suicide bombing mission
"one memorable quote of symmachus from ""the memorial of symmachus, prefect of the city"" reads (in translation), ""we gaze up at the same stars; the sky covers us all; the same universe encompasses us."	"one quote of symmachus from ""the memorial of symmachus, prefect of the city"" reads (in translation), ""we gaze up at the same stars; the sky covers us all; the same universe encompasses us."
exxon was widely criticized for its slow response to cleaning up the disaster.	exxon was criticized for its slow response to cleaning up the disaster.
only a small minority of scientists contest the view that humanity's actions have played a significant role in increasing recent temperatures.	a small minority of scientists contest the view that humanity's actions have played a significant role in increasing recent temperatures.
"the annals of the four masters record his passing in the latter year with the comment: ""mac dermot (maurice, son of teige), lord of moylurg, died in his own mansion on claenlough, in clann-chuain."""	"the annals of the four masters record his death in the latter year with the comment: ""mac dermot (maurice, son of teige), lord of moylurg, died in his own mansion on claenlough, in clann-chuain."""
he was murdered by the provisional irish republican army (ira), who planted a bomb in his boat at mullaghmore, county sligo in the republic of ireland.	he was killed by the provisional irish republican army (ira), who planted a bomb in his boat at mullaghmore, county sligo in the republic of ireland.
kenny mccormick, a character in the adult animated series south park	kenny mccormick, a character in the animated series south park
carnage is a 2011 black comedy film co-written and directed by roman polanski, based on the acclaimed play god of carnage by french playwright yasmina reza.	carnage is a 2011 black comedy film co-written and directed by roman polanski, based on the play god of carnage by french playwright yasmina reza.
transcendental meditation was first taught in the 1950s in india and has continued despite the maharishi's death in 2008. the organization was estimated to have 900,000 participants worldwide in 1977, a million by the 1980s, and 5 million in more recent years.	transcendental meditation was first taught in the 1950s in india and has continued beyond the maharishi's death in 2008. the organization was estimated to have 900,000 participants worldwide in 1977, a million by the 1980s, and 5 million in more recent years.
"on 26 july 1826 the ""meetings of faith"" congregation condemned and executed the school teacher cayetano ripoll, who thus became the unfortunate last person known to be executed by the inquisition ."	"on 26 july 1826 the ""meetings of faith"" congregation condemned and executed the school teacher cayetano ripoll, who thus became the last person known to be executed by the inquisition."
during the 1970s, a number of other magazines emerged who published poets under the language banner, most notably l=a=n=g=u=a=g=e magazine, edited by bruce andrews and charles bernstein, which ran to 13 issues between 1978 and 1980. both andrews and bernstein are considerable poets whose works are among the key texts of the movement.	during the 1970s, a number of other magazines emerged who published poets under the language banner, most notably l=a=n=g=u=a=g=e magazine, edited by bruce andrews and charles bernstein, which ran to 13 issues between 1978 and 1980. both andrews and bernstein are poets whose works are among the key texts of the movement.
the mosque is known to be the second house of prayer constructed after the masjid al-haram in mecca.	the mosque is believed to be the second house of prayer constructed after the masjid al-haram in mecca.
a hallmark holiday is a disparaging term used predominantly in america to describe a holiday that exists primarily for commercial purposes, rather than to commemorate a traditionally significant religious or secular event.	a hallmark holiday is a term used predominantly in america to describe a holiday that exists primarily for commercial purposes, rather than to commemorate a traditionally significant religious or secular event.
the friedmans advocate laissez faire economic policies, often bemoaning interventionist government policies in the united states and abroad, and their cost in personal freedoms and economic efficiency.	the friedmans advocate laissez faire economic policies, often criticizing interventionist government policies in the united states and abroad, and their cost in personal freedoms and economic efficiency.
minori is a cute girl in ryji's class, and is a close friend to taiga.	minori is a girl in ryji's class, and is a close friend to taiga.
the superb program is used by many professionals, and versions 2004 and later include advanced human-like playback processing features for realistic mp3 recording.	the main program is used by many professionals, and versions 2004 and later include advanced human-like playback processing features for realistic mp3 recording.
it has a collection of over 50,000 chinese books available for loan and reference to local readers of chinese languages ; music cassettes, cds, and video films for loan; community information and general enquiries; a national subscription service of chinese books; and chinese events organised from time to time.	it has a collection of over 50,000 chinese books available for loan and reference to local readers of chinese; music cassettes, cds, and video films for loan; community information and general enquiries; a national subscription service of chinese books; and chinese events organised from time to time.
academic institutional support for objectivism has improved in recent years.	academic institutional support for objectivism has increased in recent years.
sumo is a prestigious book series by publishing house taschen, so named due to their size of 50 to 70 cm (19.7 to 27.6 in.	sumo is a book series by publishing house taschen, so named due to their size of 50 to 70 cm (19.7 to 27.6 in.
as colby and markoe developed the first musical with christmas carols, they frame-worked charlotte sweet around british music-hall turns (on the recommendation of comedienne elizabeth wolynski, who also happened to be photographer for ludlow ladd).	as colby and markoe developed the first musical with christmas carols, they frame-worked charlotte sweet around british music-hall turns (on the recommendation of comedian elizabeth wolynski, who also happened to be photographer for ludlow ladd).
this allows scientists to determine the effect of the drug and the dose response curve.	this is intended to allow scientists to determine the effect of the drug and the dose response curve.
julio gonzlez, arsonist responsible for the infamous happy land fire that killed 87 people.	julio gonzlez, arsonist responsible for the happy land fire that killed 87 people.
his work challenges observers' preconditioned perceptions of reality.	his work is known for challenging observers' preconditioned perceptions of reality.
on 20th jan 2007 downes was involved in a touchline punch up with sheffield united manager neil warnock after he falsely accused warnock of telling his players to 'break legs'.	on 20th jan 2007 downes was involved in a touchline punch up with sheffield united manager neil warnock after he accused warnock of telling his players to 'break legs'.
the institute code of professional practice clearly outlines that the institute is not able to assess or adjudicate in relation to the competence of its members.	the institute code of professional practice outlines that the institute is not able to assess or adjudicate in relation to the competence of its members.
in 1593, jinju would unfortunately fall to the japanese.	in 1593, jinju would fall to the japanese.
famous map of lewis and clark's expedition: it changed mapping of northwest america by providing the first accurate depiction of the relationship of the sources of the columbia and missouri rivers, and the rocky mountains around 1814	map of lewis and clark's expedition: it changed mapping of northwest america by providing the first accurate depiction of the relationship of the sources of the columbia and missouri rivers, and the rocky mountains around 1814
elliott carter also wrote several fine works for viola including his elegy (1943) for viola and piano; it was subsequently transcribed for clarinet.	elliott carter also wrote several works for viola including his elegy (1943) for viola and piano; it was subsequently transcribed for clarinet.
according to the creation myth of abrahamic religions, he is the first human.	according to the creation story of abrahamic religions, he is the first human.
from the prestigious guildford school of acting in london and whilst there received the much coveted principal's award.	from the guildford school of acting in london and whilst there received the much coveted principal's award.
marian czakaski (born 1 october 1946 in siemianowice lskie) is a polish statesman and economist.	marian czakaski (born 1 october 1946 in siemianowice lskie) is a polish politician and economist.
truant later attacked the british merchant , unaware that it had been recently captured from the germans, but fortunately her torpedoes missed.	truant later attacked the british merchant , unaware that it had been recently captured from the germans, but her torpedoes missed.
lorna watson, comedienne and actress	lorna watson, comedian and actress
in april of 2006, johnson became the target of a negative ad campaign run by controversial liberal political action committee, moveon.org, which alleged ties to disgraced lobbyist jack abramoff and former majority leader tom delay (r-tx).	in april of 2006, johnson became the target of a negative ad campaign run by liberal political action committee, moveon.org, which alleged ties to disgraced lobbyist jack abramoff and former majority leader tom delay (r-tx).
the foundation is a charitable trust which collaborates with leading scientific and political institutions worldwide to design and develop ground-breaking research and global policy initiatives.	the foundation is a charitable trust which collaborates with leading scientific and political institutions worldwide to design and develop research and global policy initiatives.
morrish, 87, died sunday, july 30, 2006 at his home following a disabling stroke about four years ago .	morrish, 87, died sunday, july 30, 2006 at his home following a disabling stroke about four years earlier .
macedonia in 1944, the yugoslav government began a harsh policy of removing any bulgarian influence and cementing a macedonian identity.	macedonia in 1944, the yugoslav government began a policy of removing any bulgarian influence and cementing a macedonian identity.
in fact, a secret agreement signed with france in 1902 practically nullified italy 's membership in the triple alliance.	in fact, a secret agreement signed with france in 1902 practically nullified itay 's membership in the triple alliance.
towards the end of the year, andy murray managed to return to form, winning three titles in shenzhen, vienna and valencia, allowing him to return to the top ten in the rankings and qualify for the tour finals, but he bowed out at the group stages following a humiliating defeat by federer, in which he won just a single game.	towards the end of the year, andy murray managed to return to form, winning three titles in shenzhen, vienna and valencia, allowing him to return to the top ten in the rankings and qualify for the tour finals, but he bowed out at the group stages following a defeat by federer, in which he won just a single game.
comedienne jo kendall starred as mrs roberts, domineering leader of the parish council, who engaged in rather one-sided battles with her tongue-tied rival, working mens club president mr blandish.	comedian jo kendall starred as mrs roberts, domineering leader of the parish council, who engaged in rather one-sided battles with her tongue-tied rival, working mens club president mr blandish.
"while the passage seems to reference a protest song about jim crow-era oppression by big bill broonzy called ""black, brown and white,"" the passage did draw the ire of a few listeners because it seemed to suggest that whites had not yet ""embraced what is right""."	"while the passage seems to reference a protest song about jim crow-era oppression by big bill broonzy called ""black, brown and white,"" the passage did draw the ire of a number of listeners because it seemed to suggest that whites had not yet ""embraced what is right""."
marian pabn (born c. 1958) is a noted puerto rican actress.	marian pabn (born c. 1958) is a puerto rican actress.
a save the children report details the appalling plight of children in syria.	a save the children report details the plight of children in syria.
scientific attempts to explain religion	atheistic attempts to explain religion
divisional public school and college (dps or dpsc), established in 1963, is a prestigious series of mega-schools at the division level in punjab, pakistan.	divisional public school and college (dps or dpsc), established in 1963, is a series of mega-schools at the division level in punjab, pakistan.
"the sci-fi genre is essentially a literary device for creating a type of ""alternate reality,"" wherin writers can explore human issues by way of metaphor, exaggeration, and abstraction —thus maintaining both a removed distance and a broader perspective toward current human life and events."	"the science fiction genre is essentially a literary device for creating a type of ""alternate reality,"" wherin writers can explore human issues by way of metaphor, exaggeration, and abstraction —thus maintaining both a removed distance and a broader perspective toward current human life and events."
japan invaded in 1941. the area was secured by australian forces in 1945, and the rajah formally ceded sovereignty to the british crown in 1946, under pressure according to some .	japan invaded in 1941. the area was secured by australian forces in 1945, and the rajah formally ceded sovereignty to the british crown in 1946, under pressure according to his wife among others .
zohrab told talat that one day he would demand an explanation for these terrible actions.	zohrab told talat that one day he would demand an explanation for these actions.
the individuals leaving the party formed a new organization called the socialist league, bankrolled by william morris, who particularly objected to hyndman's rigid control of the party press and what he considered his excessive personal influence.	the individuals leaving the party formed a new organization called the socialist league, supported financially by william morris, who particularly objected to hyndman's rigid control of the party press and what he considered his excessive personal influence.
the first awards ceremony was held on february 6, 2006 at the muson centre in lagos to honor the outstanding achievements of the 2005/2006 season and subsequent editions have held at diverse locations, with that of 2011 holding on january 30, 2011 at the prestigious landmark events centre, victoria island, lagos.	the first awards ceremony was held on february 6, 2006 at the muson centre in lagos to honor the outstanding achievements of the 2005/2006 season and subsequent editions have held at diverse locations, with that of 2011 holding on january 30, 2011 at the landmark events centre, victoria island, lagos.
an additional difficulty is the current severity of environmental legislation.	an additional difficulty is the current stringency of environmental legislation.
the two of them had woefully little experience in the world of business.	the two of them had little experience in the world of business.
his first season at hereford was hugely successful, with 20 goals scored, but unfortunately the season ended in disappointment as the club lost against stevenage borough in the playoff semi-finals.	his first season at hereford was hugely successful, with 20 goals scored, but the season ended in disappointment as the club lost against stevenage borough in the playoff semi-finals.
in the great epic ramayana, vishvamitra is the preceptor of rama, prince of ayodhya and the seventh avatara of vishnu, and his brother lakshmana.	in the indian epic ramayana, vishvamitra is the preceptor of rama, prince of ayodhya and the seventh avatara of vishnu, and his brother lakshmana.
woman on the edge of time (1976) skilfully mixes a time travel story with issues of social justice, feminism and the treatment of the mentally ill. body of glass (1991) postulates an environmentally ruined world dominated by sprawling mega-cities and a futuristic version of the internet, through which piercy weaves elements of jewish mysticism and the legend of the golem, although a key story element is the main character's attempts to regain custody of her young son.	woman on the edge of time (1976) mixes a time travel story with issues of social justice, feminism and the treatment of the mentally ill. body of glass (1991) postulates an environmentally ruined world dominated by sprawling mega-cities and a futuristic version of the internet, through which piercy weaves elements of jewish mysticism and the legend of the golem, although a key story element is the main character's attempts to regain custody of her young son.
he is the father of two beautiful children and he is currently working as an mechanical engineer in engineering consulting firm in new orleans/la	he is the father of two children and he is currently working as an mechanical engineer in engineering consulting firm in new orleans/la
hitler believed the technique was used by jews to unfairly blame germany's loss in world war i on german army officer erich ludendorff.	hitler asserted the technique was used by jews to unfairly blame germany's loss in world war i on german army officer erich ludendorff.
gertrude mary cox (january 13, 1900 october 17, 1978) was an influential american statistician and founder of the department of experimental statistics at north carolina state university.	gertrude mary cox (january 13, 1900 october 17, 1978) was an american statistician and founder of the department of experimental statistics at north carolina state university.
charlotte was founded in the mid-18th century at the intersection of two indian trading paths.	charlotte was founded in the mid-18th century at the intersection of two native american trading paths.
while these uses of trepanation are considered pseudoscience in the legitimate medical community, trepanation is a widely accepted treatment for epidural and subdural hematomas, and for surgical access for certain other neurosurgical procedures, such as intracranial pressure monitoring.	while these uses of trepanation are considered pseudoscience in the mainstream medical community, trepanation is a widely accepted treatment for epidural and subdural hematomas, and for surgical access for certain other neurosurgical procedures, such as intracranial pressure monitoring.
the federalist used the 2014 north american cold wave to support their position of climate change denial .	the federalist used the 2014 north american cold wave to support their position of climate change skepticism .
their defeat, the disaster of annual with 13,000 spanish and colonial soldiers dead according to the official count, led to a major political crisis and a redefinition of spanish colonial policy toward the rif region.	the spanish defeat, the disaster of annual with 13,000 spanish and colonial soldiers dead according to the official count, led to a major political crisis and a redefinition of spanish colonial policy toward the rif region.
april smith (born nyc 1949) is an american novelist, emmy-nominated television writer and producer.	april smith (born nyc 1949) is an american novelist, television writer and producer.
george harrison, mbe (25 february 1943 – 29 november 2001) was an influential english rock guitarist, singer, songwriter, author and sitarist best known as the lead guitarist of the beatles.	george harrison, mbe (25 february 1943 – 29 november 2001) was an english rock guitarist, singer, songwriter, author and sitarist best known as the lead guitarist of the beatles.
webb was a collector of american folk art who founded the museum in 1947. she took the imaginative step of relocating historic buildings from new england and new york to shelburne, vermont in which to display the museum's holdings.	webb was a collector of american folk art who founded the museum in 1947. she took the step of relocating historic buildings from new england and new york to shelburne, vermont in which to display the museum's holdings.
fueled by fear and anxiety, rumors spread throughout the villages leading to these crimes .	fueled by fear and anxiety, rumors spread throughout the villages leading to these acts .
"after years of relative anonymity, moreno became an overnight sensation with an alternative version of the song ""babal"", popularized for american audiences by the late cuban-born artist desi arnaz, who was best known for his role as ricky ricardo on the 1950s television comedy i love lucy, in which he starred alongside his wife, the famous actress and comedienne lucille ball."	"after years of relative anonymity, moreno became an overnight sensation with an alternative version of the song ""babal"", popularized for american audiences by the late cuban-born artist desi arnaz, who was best known for his role as ricky ricardo on the 1950s television comedy i love lucy, in which he starred alongside his wife, the famous actress and comedian lucille ball."
iselin vollen steiro (born 15 september, 1985) is a norwegian supermodel .	iselin vollen steiro (born 15 september, 1985) is a norwegian model .
"he describes sneddon as an antisocial, white supremacist who wanted to, ""get my ass, dead or alive""."	"he describes describes the person as an antisocial, white supremacist who wanted to, ""get my ass, dead or alive""."
despite the incident, the film was a critical and commercial success after its release.	apart from the incident, the film was a critical and commercial success after its release.
with banjo virtuoso bla fleck and jean-luc ponty.	with banjo player bla fleck and jean-luc ponty.
the channel has been finally banned by the government of bangladesh after a consultation with its internal security agencies on 10 july 2016.	the channel has been banned by the government of bangladesh after a consultation with its internal security agencies on 10 july 2016.
while the couplets that come down from him in are representative of a latter-prakrit hindi bereft of arabo-persian vocabulary, his influence on court viziers and writers must have been mighty, for but a century after his passing quli qutub shah was seen to take to a language that may be safely said to be urdu.	while the couplets that come down from him in are representative of a latter-prakrit hindi bereft of arabo-persian vocabulary, his influence on court viziers and writers must have been mighty, for but a century after his death quli qutub shah was seen to take to a language that may be safely said to be urdu.
however, his promising career was cut short when he died of an overdose of heroin and cocaine at age 23. he was the brother of joaquin phoenix.	however, his career was cut short when he died of an overdose of heroin and cocaine at age 23. he was the brother of joaquin phoenix.
occupied territories were incorporated into karelo-finnish ssr after the winter war but after the continuation war the karelian isthmus was incorporated into the leningrad oblast.	annexed territories were incorporated into karelo-finnish ssr after the winter war but after the continuation war the karelian isthmus was incorporated into the leningrad oblast.
"coley's toxins may still be applied by a licensed medical doctor, because (in germany) there is the ""therapiefreiheit"" (""therapy freedom""), the legal right of a physician to apply whichever therapy she|he believes to be appropriate, considering all her| his medical knowledge."	"coley's toxins may still be applied by a licensed medical doctor, because (in germany) there is the ""therapiefreiheit"" (""therapy freedom""), the legal right of a physician to apply whichever therapy she|he believes to be appropriate, considering all his medical knowledge."
he went on to study drama, piano and singing (with the famous soprano elena mouravyova) at the prestigious mykola lysenko institute of music and drama in kiev.	he went on to study drama, piano and singing (with the famous soprano elena mouravyova) at the mykola lysenko institute of music and drama in kiev.
he was a noteworthy college football player for pennsylvania state university who earned a retrospective place in the national collegiate athletic association 100th anniversary list of 100 most influential student athletes.	he was a college football player for pennsylvania state university who earned a retrospective place in the national collegiate athletic association 100th anniversary list of 100 most influential student athletes.
the north east sadly saw established club durham tigers fold, but saw the return of rugby league to winlaton in the name of winlanton warriors (winlaton had previously not only had its own team in 2005 but had also hosted gateshead storm and whitley bay barbarians).	the north east saw established club durham tigers fold, but saw the return of rugby league to winlaton in the name of winlanton warriors (winlaton had previously not only had its own team in 2005 but had also hosted gateshead storm and whitley bay barbarians).
hager's appointment to the advisory committee for reproductive health drugs in the fda was controversial from the start, with many women's right groups protesting his selection.	hager's appointment to the advisory committee for reproductive health drugs in the fda was controversial from the start, with some left-wing women's right groups protesting his selection.
transgressional fiction or transgressive fiction is a non-existent genre made up by worthless nobody writers in the 1980s who tried to attach themselves to the more popular anti-establishment writers in the vain hope of achiving some sort of success and recognition.	transgressional fiction or transgressive fiction is a non-existent genre made up by worthless nobody writers in the 1980s who tried to attach themselves to the more popular anti-establishment writers in the vain hope of achieving some sort of success and recognition.
after two hours of bombing, 18 u.s. ships were sunk or damaged, 188 u.s. aircraft were destroyed, and 2,403 victims were killed.	after two hours of bombing, 18 u.s. ships were sunk or damaged, 188 u.s. aircraft were destroyed, and 2,403 men were killed.
the block was home to some infamous ghetto houses, notably the barber shop (a cinder block monstrosity with porch pillars painted blue, white and red).	the block was home to some infamous ghetto houses, notably the barber shop (a cinder block with porch pillars painted blue, white and red).
cullen (gaelic: inbhir cuilinn) is a picturesque town and former royal burgh in moray, scotland, on the north sea coast 20 miles east of elgin.	cullen (gaelic: inbhir cuilinn) is a town and former royal burgh in moray, scotland, on the north sea coast 20 miles east of elgin.
the wgp fights elections for the national assembly for wales (as well as at the local, uk and european level) and has its own newsletters, membership list, agms and manifesto.	the wgp contends elections for the national assembly for wales (as well as at the local, uk and european level) and has its own newsletters, membership list, agms and manifesto.
the reasons for this schism seem to be the way people's party government dealt with the issue of eta terrorism , the fiscal policy of the people's party and the wish for a more centralized government.	the reasons for this schism seem to be the way people's party government dealt with the issue of eta violence , the fiscal policy of the people's party and the wish for a more centralized government.
luke harding from the guardian reported that a rebel commander was pessimistic about the chance of immediate victory for the rebels.	luke harding from the guardian reported that a rebel commander was pessimistic about the chance of victory for the rebels.
long term use of lamivudine unfortunately leads to emergence of a resistant hepatitis b virus (ymdd) mutant.	long term use of lamivudine leads to emergence of a resistant hepatitis b virus (ymdd) mutant.
fitna is a 2008 propaganda film by dutch parliamentarian geert wilders.	fitna is a 2008 film by dutch parliamentarian geert wilders.
the only authoritative voice that opposed anslinger's campaign against cannabis was that of new york mayor, fiorello la guardia, who appointed in 1938 a commission of investigation, and in 1944 strongly objected to anslinger's campaign with the famous la guardia committee.	the only authoritative voice that opposed anslinger's campaign against cannabis was that of new york mayor, fiorello la guardia, who appointed in 1938 a commission of investigation, and in 1944 strongly objected to anslinger's campaign with the la guardia committee.
a recent study published on ( that immediately after the introduction of the strict gun legislation there was an important increase in the number of suicides.	a recent study published on ( that immediately after the introduction of the strict gun legislation there was an increase in the number of suicides.
the case itself is made from a solid block of 904l stainless steel, gold, or platinum.	the case itself is crafted from a solid block of 904l stainless steel, gold, or platinum.
"jonas observed that ""for the most part from 1986 through 1995, civilian presidents allowed the army to rule from behind the scenes."""	"jonas writes that ""for the most part from 1986 through 1995, civilian presidents allowed the army to rule from behind the scenes."""
during that year, it took the side of aliens threatened with deportation by u.s. attorney general alexander mitchell palmer for their radical views (see palmer raids).	during that year, it took the side of aliens threatened with deportation by u.s. attorney general alexander mitchell palmer for their political views (see palmer raids).
although the position has become mostly ceremonial, during the 2014 shootings at parliament hill, ottawa, the current sergeant-at-arms, kevin m. vickers, shot and killed a terrorist who had gained access to the centre block of the canadian parliament buildings.	although the position has become mostly ceremonial, during the 2014 shootings at parliament hill, ottawa, the current sergeant-at-arms, kevin m. vickers, shot and killed a gunman who had gained access to the centre block of the canadian parliament buildings.
cold fusion refers to hypothetical nuclear fusion reactions occurring at temperatures close to room temperature, in contrast to the very high temperatures involved with fusion reactions inside stars.	cold fusion refers to nuclear fusion reactions occurring at temperatures close to room temperature, in contrast to the very high temperatures involved with fusion reactions inside stars.
"she has received international recognition for her racial reconciliation efforts in mississippi and nationally, helping bring ""cold"" civil rights cases to justice and for her dogged coverage of frank melton, the controversial mayor of jackson, mississippi."	"she has received international recognition for her racial reconciliation efforts in mississippi and nationally, helping bring ""cold"" civil rights cases to justice and for her coverage of frank melton, the controversial mayor of jackson, mississippi."
in the semi-finals of the 2012 olympic games in london, heidemann faced off and won undeservedly against south korean fencer shin a-lam, the final touch being allowed after time had expired following an officiating error involving the timing clock.	in the semi-finals of the 2012 olympic games in london, heidemann faced off and won controversially against south korean fencer shin a-lam, the final touch being allowed after time had expired following an officiating error involving the timing clock.
theobald wolfe tone, an irish patriot	theobald wolfe tone, an irish republican
"eric snider claimed that israel's targets had direct military significance, because ""a lot of the rockets are stored in people's homes in urban areas, fired from within villages and brought in from the damascus-beirut highway."""	"eric snider asserts that israel's targets had direct military significance, because ""a lot of the rockets are stored in people's homes in urban areas, fired from within villages and brought in from the damascus-beirut highway."""
the term islamofascism or islamic fascism is a controversial neologism that draws an analogy between the ideological characteristics of specific islamist movements and a broad range of european fascist movements of the early 20th century, neofascist movements, or totalitarianism.	the term islamofascism or islamic fascism is a neologism that draws an analogy between the ideological characteristics of specific islamist movements and a broad range of european fascist movements of the early 20th century, neofascist movements, or totalitarianism.
a badly-drawn graphic and description of the play.	a graphic and description of the play.
mother's agenda - l'agenda - is a massive 13 volume, 6,000 page, journal of the mother's (born mirra alfassa) spiritual and physical experiences, recorded by satprem over a period of 19 years, beginning with some fragments dating to 1951, and continuing in greater detail (especially with satprem's use of a tape recorder) from 1960 to her passing in 1973. from 1957 until 1962, the mother met satprem twice a week in pavitra's office.	mother's agenda - l'agenda - is a massive 13 volume, 6,000 page, journal of the mother's (born mirra alfassa) spiritual and physical experiences, recorded by satprem over a period of 19 years, beginning with some fragments dating to 1951, and continuing in greater detail (especially with satprem's use of a tape recorder) from 1960 to her death in 1973. from 1957 until 1962, the mother met satprem twice a week in pavitra's office.
"he naively compares stravinsky's choice of, ""the drabbest and least signifigant phrases,"" to gertrude stein's: ""everday they were gay there, they were regularly gay there everyday"" (""helen furr and georgine skeene"", 1922), ""whose effect would be equally appreciated by someone with no knowledge of english whatsoever."""	"he compares stravinsky's choice of, ""the drabbest and least signifigant phrases,"" to gertrude stein's: ""everday they were gay there, they were regularly gay there everyday"" (""helen furr and georgine skeene"", 1922), ""whose effect would be equally appreciated by someone with no knowledge of english whatsoever."""
a central fake pledge of president bill clinton's campaign was to reform the welfare system, adding changes such as work requirements for recipients.	a central pledge of president bill clinton's campaign was to reform the welfare system, adding changes such as work requirements for recipients.
although it is a comprehensive university with many strong departments, the agriculture, engineering, architecture, forestry, and veterinary medicine programs are considered to be among its strongest.	although it is a comprehensive university with many departments, the agriculture, engineering, architecture, forestry, and veterinary medicine programs are considered to be among its strongest.
 tears in heaven  is a heartfelt ballad written and performed by eric clapton about the pain he felt following the 1991 death of his four-year-old son, conor, who fell from a 53rd-story window in his mother's new york city condominium.	 tears in heaven  is a ballad written and performed by eric clapton about the pain he felt following the 1991 death of his four-year-old son, conor, who fell from a 53rd-story window in his mother's new york city condominium.
as was the case with the first film, this movie received a mixed critical response, but was a major box office hit in 2001; earning slightly more than its predecessor .	as was the case with the first film, this movie received a mixed critical response, but was a major box office hit in 2001; earning more than its predecessor .
she is a proud descendant of the western arrernte people.	she is a descendant of the western arrernte people.
processed cheese is often criticized for its possible health effects (associated with chemical preservatives, artificial colors/flavors, and trans-fats), for its perceived inferior taste, and for being very mild .	processed cheese is often criticized for its possible health effects (associated with chemical preservatives, artificial colors/flavors, and trans-fats), for its inferior taste, and for being very mild .
initial reviews of the film were mixed, with general admiration for the action sequences and special effects which are regarded as superior to the phantom menace, relief that jar jar binks plays only a minor role and that the comic relief is somewhat less forced than that movie, but derision towards the poor direction and scripting of the romance between portman and christensen.	initial reviews of the film were mixed, with general admiration for the action sequences and special effects which are regarded as superior to the phantom menace, relief that jar jar binks plays only a minor role and that the comic relief is somewhat less forced than that movie, but derision towards supposedly poor direction and scripting of the romance between portman and christensen.
while the book received a positive response in conservative circles, it came under harsh criticism from leftist scholars.	while the book received a positive response in conservative circles, it came under harsh criticism from other scholars.
de la salle college provides quality education for boys in years 7-12.	de la salle college provides education for boys in years 7-12.
however, obregn was murdered by jos de len toral, a catholic militant, before he could assume power.	however, obregn was assasinated by jos de len toral, a catholic militant, before he could assume power.
elizabeth ramsey (19312015), filipina comedienne , singer and actress	elizabeth ramsey (19312015), filipina comedian , singer and actress
following her stint on celebrity apprentice: all stars, omarosa announced that she was in the process of suing la toya jackson over jackson's backbiting remarks that insinuated that omarosa had murdered her fianc, michael clarke duncan.	following her stint on celebrity apprentice: all stars, omarosa announced that she was in the process of suing la toya jackson over jackson's remarks that insinuated that omarosa had murdered her fianc, michael clarke duncan.
humpbacks have a diverse repertoire of feeding methods, including the spectacular bubble net feeding technique.	humpbacks have a diverse repertoire of feeding methods, including the bubble net feeding technique.
the reader can also appreciate the extreme degree to which she exerted herself (august 24) and the callous indifference displayed by the french government toward the plight of the spanish republic (september 3).	the reader can also appreciate the degree to which she exerted herself (august 24) and the callous indifference displayed by the french government toward the plight of the spanish republic (september 3).
the first 200 years of joseon were marked by relative peace and saw the creation of the korean hangul alphabet by king sejong the great in the 14th century and the increasing influence of confucianism.	the first 200 years of joseon were marked by relative peace and saw the creation of the korean alphabet by king sejong the great in the 14th century and the increasing influence of confucianism.
americas team is a term used to describe the dallas cowboys franchise that plays in the nfc east of the national football league.	americas team is an established term used to describe the dallas cowboys franchise that plays in the nfc east of the national football league.
entered on an infamous liaison with her husband's son, a liaison which	entered on an liaison with her husband's son, a liaison which
for the unfortunate cubs fan, see steve bartman	for the chicago cubs fan, see steve bartman
in fact, under his family's influence, the cardinal eventually went over to the protestant camp himself, becoming a calvinist huguenot in april 1561. though he was not the only french prelate to convert to calvinism in this period one other example is jean de monluc, bishop of valence.	in fact, under his family's influence, the cardinal eventually went over to the protestant camp himself, becoming a calvinist huguenot in april 1561. he was not the only french prelate to convert to calvinism in this period one other example is jean de monluc, bishop of valence.
turkey maintains that the armenian casualties were the result of inter-ethnic strife, disease and famine during the turmoil of world war i. they also state that hundreds of thousands of turks and muslims were killed in conflict with russian backed armenian militia.	turkey maintains that the armenian casualties were the result of inter-ethnic strife, disease and famine during the turmoil of world war i. they also claim that hundreds of thousands of turks and muslims were killed in conflict with russian backed armenian militia.
"the most notorious characteristics of baltimore english are the fronted ""oh"" sound (occasionally written out as ""eh-ew"") and the usage of the endearment ""hon""."	"the most notable characteristics of baltimore english are the fronted ""oh"" sound (occasionally written out as ""eh-ew"") and the usage of the endearment ""hon""."
the authors of modern educational materials (see: blindness and education for further reading on that subject), as well as those treating blindness in literature, have worked to paint a truer picture of blind people as three-dimensional individuals with a range of abilities, talents, and even character flaws.	the authors of modern educational materials (see: blindness and education for further reading on that subject), as well as those treating blindness in literature, have worked to paint a different picture of blind people as three-dimensional individuals with a range of abilities, talents, and even character flaws.
it may also appeal because the associate can improve their skill as an individual, avoiding bland assumptions of risk based on statistics.	it may also appeal because the associate can improve their skill as an individual, avoiding default assumptions of risk based on statistics.
"jacques brel's well-known song ""amsterdam"" is a modified version of the tune."	"jacques brel's song ""amsterdam"" is a modified version of the tune."
on october 7, 2000, hezbollah captured three idf soldiers from the mt.	on october 7, 2000, hezbollah abducted three idf soldiers from the mt.
"timothy lee ""tim"" blixseth (born 1950) is an american real estate developer, record producer, songwriter and timber baron who is best known for co-founding the yellowstone club in montana."	"timothy lee ""tim"" blixseth (born 1950) is an american real estate developer, record producer, songwriter and timber company owner who is best known for co-founding the yellowstone club in montana."
loathsome facilities such as chelmno, maydenek, sobibor, treblinka, and auschwitz have their origins in the planning actions undertaken by heydrich.	facilities such as chelmno, maydenek, sobibor, treblinka, and auschwitz have their origins in the planning actions undertaken by heydrich.
however, prior to johnson's apology, culbreth was slammed by yankees announcers john sterling and suzyn waldman, neither of whom were actually aware of what had been said on the field.	however, prior to johnson's apology, culbreth was criticized by yankees announcers john sterling and suzyn waldman, neither of whom were actually aware of what had been said on the field.
rosenberg was raised in the beverlywood area of los angeles, in his youth, he showed much skill as a visual artist attending beverly hills high school and later entering the california institute of the arts for his visual art.	rosenberg was raised in the beverlywood area of los angeles, in his youth, he showed skill as a visual artist attending beverly hills high school and later entering the california institute of the arts for his visual art.
yet another interesting explanation assumes primordial, thick, dark sub-surface material covered originally on both hemispheres by a thin layer of water ice.	yet another explanation assumes primordial, thick, dark sub-surface material covered originally on both hemispheres by a thin layer of water ice.
the idea of a flat earth is that the surface of the earth is flat (a plane), rather than the correct view that it is to a very close approximation the surface of a sphere.	the idea of a flat earth is that the surface of the earth is flat (a plane), rather than the view that it is to a very close approximation the surface of a sphere.
a group of armed men in two cars, led by alfredo reinado attack the dli residence (in metiaut) of east timor's president jos ramos-horta.	a group of armed men in two cars, led by alfredo reinado go into the dli residence (in metiaut) of east timor's president jos ramos-horta.
in this classic episode, mr. garrison, whose job is on the line since he doesn't teach current events, makes the class do oral presentations on a current event for the town committee.	in this episode, mr. garrison, whose job is on the line since he doesn't teach current events, makes the class do oral presentations on a current event for the town committee.
additionally, many atheists recognize that some acts are wrong by their very definition (for example, murder is defined as the unjustified killing of another person).	additionally, many atheists believe that some acts are wrong by their very definition (for example, murder is defined as the unjustified killing of another person).
this fort, popularly known as the 'sonar quila' by the locals, is located in the very heart the city, and is one of the most breathtaking monuments in the locality.	this fort, popularly known as the 'sonar quila' by the locals, is located in the very heart the city, and is one of the most notable monuments in the locality.
one aspect of the issue involves defining when a fetus becomes a person, and gains the legal and/or moral right to life.	one aspect of the issue involves defining when a fetus is a person, and gains the legal and/or moral right to life.
his father had groomed his son to take over the organization for him, but quentin's personality was ill-suited for being the leader of an international religious cult .	his father had groomed his son to take over the organization for him, but quentin's personality was ill-suited for being the leader of an international religious organization .
it is a leading supplier of fabricated and value-added assemblies to the automotive and recreational vehicle markets with facilities current in mansfield, ohio., and aiken, s.c.	it is a supplier of fabricated and value-added assemblies to the automotive and recreational vehicle markets with facilities current in mansfield, ohio., and aiken, s.c.
calvin refuted these views of osiander, as did melanchthon and flacius.	calvin rejected these views of osiander, as did melanchthon and flacius.
titles such as the battlefield games are under this category as there are universal complaints of laggy online play.	titles such as the battlefield games are under this category as there are complaints of laggy online play.
robert silverberg (born january 15, 1935) is a prolific american author, best known for writing science fiction.	robert silverberg (born january 15, 1935) is a american author, best known for writing science fiction.
the young child picked up a rudraksha mala without hesitation, much to his grandmothers surprise.	the young child picked up a rudraksha mala without hesitation, to his grandmothers surprise.
"after having studied many photographs, paintings and etchings, he discovered that details of interest were often placed precisely on the diagonals of a square, in stead of any ""strong points"" that the rule of thirds or the photographic adaptation of the golden ratio prescribes."	"having studied many photographs, paintings and etchings, he discovered that details of interest were often placed precisely on the diagonals of a square, in stead of any ""strong points"" that the rule of thirds or the photographic adaptation of the golden ratio prescribes."
they cleverly matched and compared comal with bbc structured basic.	they matched and compared comal with bbc structured basic.
propaganda minister joseph goebbels made effective use of film, mass rallies, and hitler's hypnotic oratory to control public opinion.	propaganda minister joseph goebbels made effective use of film, mass rallies, and hitler's hypnotic oratory to influence public opinion.
despite its close proximity to birmingham, the vast majority of the black country's population refuse to claim membership of the second city , and are fiercely proud of their area's identity as a separate region.	despite its close proximity to birmingham, the vast majority of the black country's population refuse to claim membership of the city , and are fiercely proud of their area's identity as a separate region.
on march 19, the soft lolita- porn website girls gone wild featured teasers of dupr, shot in miami beach, florida when dupr was allegedly 17. girls gone wild founder joe francis announced for release on april 15, 2008, a free dvd of 17-year-old dupr entitled hookers gone wild in the maiden issue of girls gone wild print magazine.	on march 19, the soft porn website girls gone wild featured teasers of dupr, shot in miami beach, florida when dupr was allegedly 17. girls gone wild founder joe francis announced for release on april 15, 2008, a free dvd of 17-year-old dupr entitled hookers gone wild in the maiden issue of girls gone wild print magazine.
on september 23, 2007, the anti-nuclear group friends united for sustainable energy (fuse) filed legal papers with the nrc opposing the relicensing of the indian point 2 reactor.	on september 23, 2007, the the sustainable energy advocacy group friends united for sustainable energy (fuse) filed legal papers with the nrc opposing the relicensing of the indian point 2 reactor.
hatzopoulos (2008) summarized the studies involved in the dispute around the tomb and showed that claims against philip ii are scientifically baseless.	hatzopoulos (2008) summarized the studies involved in the dispute around the tomb and argued that claims against philip ii are scientifically baseless.
"a beautiful rendition of the song ""both sides, now"" by joni mitchell was played during this segment."	"a rendition of the song ""both sides, now"" by joni mitchell was played during this segment."
lincoln davenport chafee (ipa pronunciation: ) (born march 26, 1953) is a liberal republican united states senator from rhode island.	lincoln davenport chafee (ipa pronunciation: ) (born march 26, 1953) is a moderate republican united states senator from rhode island.
the children genuinely wish to spend time with their parents, and do to an extent, but as they have lives, work and families of their own they find it difficult to maintain a balance between the two.	the children wish to spend time with their parents, and do to an extent, but as they have lives, work and families of their own they find it difficult to maintain a balance between the two.
despite his acquittal, and, possibly, due to the opposition of thomas reid of aberdeen, who, that year, launched a telling christian critique of his metaphysics, hume failed to gain the chair of philosophy at glasgow.	despite his acquittal, and, possibly, due to the opposition of thomas reid of aberdeen, who, that year, launched a christian critique of his metaphysics, hume failed to gain the chair of philosophy at glasgow.
at approximately 01:00, the boat, running on the surface, rounded cape povorotnyy in peter the great gulf.	at approximately 01:00, the boat, running on the surface, rounded cape povorotny in peter the great gulf.
the monarch butterfly undergoes four marvelous stages of complete metamorphosis:	the monarch butterfly undergoes four stages of complete metamorphosis:
"subedi was born into an academic family in a village in the foothills of the picturesque annapurna mountain range in nepal in 1958. in a 2015 op-ed column published by american news channel cnn, subedi wrote that he regarded his native country as the ""land of holy mountains""."	"subedi was born into an academic family in a village in the foothills of the annapurna mountain range in nepal in 1958. in a 2015 op-ed column published by american news channel cnn, subedi wrote that he regarded his native country as the ""land of holy mountains""."
bowe robert bergdahl (born march 28, 1986) is a united states army soldier who was held captive by the taliban-aligned haqqani network in afghanistan from june 2009 until his release in may 2014. the circumstances under which bergdahl went missing and how he was captured are the subject of dispute.	bowe robert bergdahl (born march 28, 1986) is a united states army soldier who was held captive by the taliban-aligned haqqani network in afghanistan from june 2009 until his release in may 2014. the circumstances under which bergdahl went missing and how he was captured became the subject of dispute.
the moors, not long able to withstand the furious encounter of their assailants, fled .	the moors, not long able to withstand the furious encounter of their assailants, retreated .
londonistan: how britain is creating a terror state within (isbn 1-59403-144-4) is a book by controversial british journalist melanie phillips on the topic of the spread of islamism in the united kingdom over the past twenty years.	londonistan: how britain is creating a terror state within (isbn 1-59403-144-4) is a book by british journalist melanie phillips on the topic of the spread of islamism in the united kingdom over the past twenty years.
buckley: the right word is a great nonfiction book that was published in 1996 by random house, written by the bestselling novelist and national review founder, and editor-at-large, william f. buckley, jr. in it, buckley elucidates on his life, whether it be in words, speeches or interviews.	buckley: the right word is a nonfiction book that was published in 1996 by random house, written by the bestselling novelist and national review founder, and editor-at-large, william f. buckley, jr. in it, buckley elucidates on his life, whether it be in words, speeches or interviews.
they debate the role of cultural differences, ghettos, race, muslim fundamentalism, poor education and poverty play in creating nativism among the hosts and a caste-type underclass, more similar to white-black tensions in the us (lucassen 2005) algerian migration to france has generated nativism, characterized by the prominence of jean-marie le pen and his national front.	they debate the role of cultural differences, ghettos, race, religious fundamentalism, poor education and poverty play in creating nativism among the hosts and a caste-type underclass, more similar to white-black tensions in the us (lucassen 2005) algerian migration to france has generated nativism, characterized by the prominence of jean-marie le pen and his national front.
the series once again drew some criticism for the horrific content of some of the episodes.	the series once again drew some criticism for the content of some of the episodes.
only one of these airports, rutland/southern vermont has scheduled air service (federally subsidized essential air service (eas) via cape air (a jetblue code share partner) 3x per day to boston logan international airport.	one of these airports, rutland/southern vermont has scheduled air service (federally subsidized essential air service (eas) via cape air (a jetblue code share partner) 3x per day to boston logan international airport.
goldbach's comet is the prosaic name given to a plot of the function the so-called goldbach function.	goldbach's comet is the name given to a plot of the function the so-called goldbach function.
"the ""top ten"" results of the voting was aired at 7.30pm on sunday 3 december 2006, on abc tv, before a studio audience and reviewed by a panel consisting of comedienne judith lucy, australian idol judge ian dickson, spiderbait vocalist mark ""kram"" maher, singer rene geyer, and comedian chas licciardello."	"the ""top ten"" results of the voting was aired at 7.30pm on sunday 3 december 2006, on abc tv, before a studio audience and reviewed by a panel consisting of comedian judith lucy, australian idol judge ian dickson, spiderbait vocalist mark ""kram"" maher, singer rene geyer, and comedian chas licciardello."
, a problem which carries on to the bourne ultimatum .	, a stylistic choice which carries on to the bourne ultimatum .
djibouti, as well as the autonomous puntland and somaliland regions in northern somalia, have also seen relative stability.	djibouti, as well as the puntland and somaliland regions in northern somalia, have also seen relative stability.
the game is an excellent example of the trap-em-up genre, which also includes games like heiankyo alien and space panic.	the game is an example of the trap-em-up genre, which also includes games like heiankyo alien and space panic.
we learn of the ridiculous overprotectiveness of pink's mother, who is helping pink build his wall to try protect him from the outside world.	we learn of the overprotectiveness of pink's mother, who is helping pink build his wall to try protect him from the outside world.
msg has been used safely for more than 100 years to season food.	msg has been used for more than 100 years to season food.
as mormons find exclamations referencing god offensive as well, such references were also usually removed.	as mormons find exclamations referencing deity offensive as well, such references were also usually removed.
on october 19, 2017, after 16:00, at the square in front of the warsaw culture palace, he distributed self-composed leaflets with fifteen indictments of the ruling pis regime , poured himself with flammable liquid and set himself on fire.	on october 19, 2017, after 16:00, at the square in front of the warsaw culture palace, he distributed self-composed leaflets with fifteen indictments of the ruling pis, poured himself with flammable liquid and set himself on fire.
- libyan dictator muammar al-gaddafi cited the minaret ban as grounds for his call for a jihad against switzerland in a speech held in benghazi on the occasion of mawlid, four months after the vote.	- libyan leader muammar al-gaddafi cited the minaret ban as grounds for his call for a jihad against switzerland in a speech held in benghazi on the occasion of mawlid, four months after the vote.
(exceptions follow for safety razor blades, so only cut-throat razors are affected.)	(exceptions follow for safety razor blades, so only straight razors are affected.)
great forums for okc are:	some forums for okc are:
it was one of the tactics used by leftist terrorist groups such as the red army faction, the red brigades and november 17. the november 17 assassination of brigadier stephen saunders was carried out by assassins on motorcycle who approached the vehicle while it was stopped at a traffic light and shot him dead before speeding off.	it was one of the tactics used by extreme-left terrorist groups such as the red army faction, the red brigades and november 17. the november 17 assassination of brigadier stephen saunders was carried out by assassins on motorcycle who approached the vehicle while it was stopped at a traffic light and shot him dead before speeding off.
wivenhoe has also been the home of the wivenhoe funny farm comedy club since september 2005; a non-profit making club run by a local comedian that attracts top comedians to perform at wivenhoe town fc clubhouse.	wivenhoe has also been the home of the wivenhoe funny farm comedy club since september 2005; a non-profit making club run by a local comedian that attracts professional comedians to perform at wivenhoe town fc clubhouse.
stephen king has a humorous cameo appearance as a pizza delivery man.	stephen king has a cameo appearance as a pizza delivery man.
"unfortunately a number of basic design features of the machine meant that its ""real world"" performance was much lower than expected when first used commercially in 1974, and was one of the primary reasons cdc was pushed from its former dominance in the supercomputer market when the cray-1 was announced in 1975."	"a number of basic design features of the machine meant that its ""real world"" performance was much lower than expected when first used commercially in 1974, and was one of the primary reasons cdc was pushed from its former dominance in the supercomputer market when the cray-1 was announced in 1975."
greece has raised concerns about a minority of macedonian idealists , called macedonists, who propagate the idea of a united macedonia, i.e.	greece has raised concerns about a minority of macedonian nationalists , called macedonists, who propagate the idea of a united macedonia, i.e.
pat buchanan entered the party for his 2000 presidential bid, adding a harder stance on immigration and an anti- choice stance; but soon after the election buchanan left the party again and the party returned to more centrist economical-political positions (and without official position on fracturing social issues).	pat buchanan entered the party for his 2000 presidential bid, adding a harder stance on immigration and an anti- abortion stance; but soon after the election buchanan left the party again and the party returned to more centrist economical-political positions (and without official position on fracturing social issues).
shiri maymon's excellent performance in kiev (2005) brought israel back to the top five and ensured a place in the athens 2006 final.	shiri maymon's performance in kiev (2005) brought israel back to the top five and ensured a place in the athens 2006 final.
their friendship grew out of their literary ambition and passion for writing, and it is the poignant subject of patchett's memoir truth & beauty (2004).	their friendship grew out of their literary ambition and passion for writing, and it is the subject of patchett's memoir truth & beauty (2004).
hannah mellow, comedienne and philanthropist.	hannah mellow, comedian and philanthropist.
as a journalist, he is probably best remembered for his hard-hitting coverage of the 1977 beverly hills supper club fire and its aftermath, which spanned several years.	as a journalist, he is probably best remembered for his coverage of the 1977 beverly hills supper club fire and its aftermath, which spanned several years.
it is a long-standing tradition in the united states (though not universally observed) that high school football games are played on friday night, college games on saturday night , and professional games on sunday.	it is a long-standing tradition in the united states (though not universally observed) that high school football games are played on friday night, college games on saturday, and professional games on sunday.
a 2-10 to 2-2 defeat of glen rovers gave philpott a coveted championship medal.	a 2-10 to 2-2 defeat of glen rovers gave philpott a cork senior hurling championship medal.
this mixture can be seen in the religion, golden cuisine, cultural manifestations, and custom of bahia's people.	this mixture can be seen in the religion, cuisine, cultural manifestations, and custom of bahia's people.
"in 1981, they released a parody of the popular abc soap opera general hospital called ""general hospi-tale."""	"in 1981, they released a parody of the abc soap opera general hospital called ""general hospi-tale."""
"it gives some details of his own ""career"" and his grievances against murderer john markoff."	"it gives some details of his own ""career"" and his grievances against journalist john markoff."
she was born in 1933 as beverly josephine williams in los angeles to actress/ comedienne joan davis and actor/writer si wills.	she was born in 1933 as beverly josephine williams in los angeles to actress/ comedian joan davis and actor/writer si wills.
set in 20xx , metal gear solid 4 portrays a world where the restriction of military intervention on foreign soil has eased, leading to demands on mercenaries to fight proxy battles for business purposes, fueling the need for private military companies (pmcs), and leading to economic dependency on the conflicts they create.	set in the near future , metal gear solid 4 portrays a world where the restriction of military intervention on foreign soil has eased, leading to demands on mercenaries to fight proxy battles for business purposes, fueling the need for private military companies (pmcs), and leading to economic dependency on the conflicts they create.
irmgard mller (also spelled irmgard moeller) (born may 13, 1947, bielefeld, north rhine-westphalia) was a west german terrorist and member of the red army faction.	irmgard mller (also spelled irmgard moeller) (born may 13, 1947, bielefeld, north rhine-westphalia) was a west german militant and member of the red army faction.
the charitys patrons include archbishop desmond tutu, rt hon the lord woolf, philanthropist lady edwina grosvenor, actress emma thompson and comedienne shappi khorsandi whilst supporters include tony benn, clothes designer katharine hamnett, actors dame helen mirren and linus roache plus terry waite.	the charitys patrons include archbishop desmond tutu, rt hon the lord woolf, philanthropist lady edwina grosvenor, actress emma thompson and comedian shappi khorsandi whilst supporters include tony benn, clothes designer katharine hamnett, actors dame helen mirren and linus roache plus terry waite.
while under his command, the ship shot down iran air flight 655 in the persian gulf, killing 290 innocent civilians and creating an international incident for the united states.	while under his command, the ship shot down iran air flight 655 in the persian gulf, killing 290 civilians and creating an international incident for the united states.
salisbury and warwick became the most important supporters of the yorkist pretender to the throne richard, duke of york during the early stages of the wars of the roses.	salisbury and warwick became the most important supporters of the yorkist claimant to the throne richard, duke of york during the early stages of the wars of the roses.
jerry falwell was reviled for his views against the arab world and muslims.	jerry falwell was renowned for his views against the arab world and muslims.
santos negroni lucca (1851-1920), puerto rican patriot and one of the 16 famous prisoners in el morro castle in 1887.	santos negroni lucca (1851-1920), puerto rican patriot and one of the 16 prisoners in el morro castle in 1887.
he was a great republican candidate for the united states senate in 2004..	he was a a republican candidate for the united states senate in 2004..
one of the significant chapters in the holy quran related to fatima is surah al-kauthar.	one of the significant chapters in the quran related to fatima is surah al-kauthar.
in november 2011, an otniel resident, rabbi dan martzbach, was killed, and two women were wounded, when an israel defense forces patrol, on alert for suspected terrorists , fired on their car as they drove to the cave of the patriarchs to pray in the early hours of the morning.	in november 2011, an otniel resident, rabbi dan martzbach, was killed, and two women were wounded, when an israel defense forces patrol, on alert for suspected militants , fired on their car as they drove to the cave of the patriarchs to pray in the early hours of the morning.
1988 – three provisional irish republican army terrorists are killed by special air service on the territory of gibraltar in the conclusion of operation flavius.	1988 – three provisional irish republican army volunteers are killed by special air service on the territory of gibraltar in the conclusion of operation flavius.
the first wave of feminists, in contrast to the second wave, was hostile to abortion rights .	the first wave of feminists, in contrast to the second wave, was hostile to abortion.
a soldier in fallujah, three months before the battle.	a combatant in fallujah, three months before the battle.
barnard college is a prestigious women's liberal arts college founded in 1889. barnard is affiliated with columbia university, but barnard maintains an independent campus in the morningside heights neighborhood in the borough of manhattan, in new york city, and separate faculty, administration, trustees, operating budget, and endowment.	barnard college is a women's liberal arts college founded in 1889. barnard is affiliated with columbia university, but barnard maintains an independent campus in the morningside heights neighborhood in the borough of manhattan, in new york city, and separate faculty, administration, trustees, operating budget, and endowment.
joanie loves chachi is an american television spin-off of the popular american sitcom happy days that was originally broadcast on abc from march 23, 1982 to september 13, 1983. it stars scott baio and erin moran as the titular chachi arcola and joanie cunningham, respectively.	joanie loves chachi is an american television spin-off of the american sitcom happy days that was originally broadcast on abc from march 23, 1982 to september 13, 1983. it stars scott baio and erin moran as the titular chachi arcola and joanie cunningham, respectively.
a campaigner and activist against the far right, in april 1979 peach took part in a violent anti-nazi league demonstration in southall against a national front election meeting in the town hall and was knocked unconscious.	a campaigner and activist against the far right, in april 1979 peach took part in a anti-nazi league demonstration in southall against a national front election meeting in the town hall and was knocked unconscious.
shortly before his death in 1989 he received publicity after having an unusual near-death experience, which to some suggested that he had moved away from his lifelong and notorious religious skepticism.	shortly before his death in 1989 he received publicity after having an unusual near-death experience, which to some suggested that he had moved away from his lifelong and famous religious skepticism.
there is strong evidence that mcs is a purely psychosomatic disease.	there is evidence that mcs is a purely psychosomatic disease.
in 2005, witzel joined other academics and controversial activist groups to oppose changes to california state school history textbooks proposed by us-based hindu groups, arguing that the changes were not of a scholarly but of a religious-political nature.	in 2005, witzel joined other academics and activist groups to oppose changes to california state school history textbooks proposed by us-based hindu groups, arguing that the changes were not of a scholarly but of a religious-political nature.
he is the brother of disgraced former federal mp andrew theophanous.	he is the brother of former federal mp andrew theophanous.
however, the course of her life was changed by the violent murder of her fianc.	however, the course of her life was changed by the murder of her fianc.
helveticosaurus is an unusual extinct genus of diapsid reptile.	helveticosaurus is an extinct genus of diapsid reptile.
former muslim brotherhood leader ali sadr el-din bayanouni admitted that ghalioun was chosen because he is accepted in the west and at home and, to prevent the regime from capitalizing on the presence of an islamist at the top of the snc.	former muslim brotherhood leader ali sadr el-din bayanouni stated that ghalioun was chosen because he is accepted in the west and at home and, to prevent the regime from capitalizing on the presence of an islamist at the top of the snc.
while her musical tastes lean more toward older musicians, she also loves contemporary bands such as soundgarden, stone temple pilots, metallica, and silverchair and current songwriters like lisa loeb, sheryl crow, and patty griffin.	while her musical tastes lean more toward older musicians, she also enjoys contemporary bands such as soundgarden, stone temple pilots, metallica, and silverchair and current songwriters like lisa loeb, sheryl crow, and patty griffin.
"this concert is perhaps most notable for a legendary performance of the song 'country feedback', which michael stipe opens by declaring it his ""favourite song""."	"this concert is perhaps most notable for a performance of the song 'country feedback', which michael stipe opens by declaring it his ""favourite song""."
"heath had been expected to marry childhood friend kay raven, who reportedly tired of waiting and married a raf officer whom she met on holiday in 1950. in a terse four-sentence paragraph of his memoirs, heath claimed that he had been too busy establishing a career after the war and had ""perhaps ... taken too much for granted""."	"heath had been expected to marry childhood friend kay raven, who reportedly tired of waiting and married a raf officer whom she met on holiday in 1950. in a four-sentence paragraph of his memoirs, heath claimed that he had been too busy establishing a career after the war and had ""perhaps ... taken too much for granted""."
in 2009, the site used audio from a secretly recorded conference call to accuse the national endowment of the arts of encouraging artists to create work in support of president barack obama's domestic policy agenda .	in 2009, the site used audio from a secretly recorded conference call to accuse the national endowment of the arts of encouraging artists to create work in support of president barack obama's domestic policy.
he then earned a bsc from the university of chicago in 1955 and his ph.d. from princeton university in 1959. he is one of many outstanding logicians to have studied under alonzo church.	he then earned a bsc from the university of chicago in 1955 and his ph.d. from princeton university in 1959. he is one of many logicians to have studied under alonzo church.
then proceeded to nail the vocal line in one take without problems.	then proceeded to perform the vocal line in one take without problems.
in modern times the theory has often been associated with hindu nationalism.	in modern times the theory has sometimes been associated with hindu nationalism.
the car's discontinuation was and remains a very controversial topic.	the car's discontinuation was and remains a controversial topic.
kippen is a sleepy small village approximately 10 miles west of the city of stirling, scotland.	kippen is a small village approximately 10 miles west of the city of stirling, scotland.
unfortunately financial trouble hit oldham and dowie lost much of his first team squad.	however, financial trouble hit oldham and dowie lost much of his first team squad.
"employers are not required to honor their workers signed authorization forms as designations ""and may insist that the workers use a so-called secret-ballot election conducted by the national labor relations board (nlrb) to establish their union even if 100% of the employees provide the nlrb with signed authorizations designating the union as their bargaining agent."	"employers are not required to honor their workers signed authorization forms as designations ""and may insist that the workers use a secret-ballot election conducted by the national labor relations board (nlrb) to establish their union even if 100% of the employees provide the nlrb with signed authorizations designating the union as their bargaining agent."
the weyl group of the lie algebra is just the symmetric group on n elements, sn.	the weyl group of the lie algebra is the symmetric group on n elements, sn.
"the cpgb-ml rabidly opposes social democracy and what they term ""revisionist communist"" parties, other communist parties in the uk have claimed cpgb-ml itself as revisionist."	"the cpgb-ml opposes social democracy and what they term ""revisionist communist"" parties, other communist parties in the uk have claimed cpgb-ml itself as revisionist."
4 devils, a 1928 film starring janet gaynor and directed by f. w. murnau, remains arguably the most mourned of the lost films of the silent era.	4 devils, a 1928 film starring janet gaynor and directed by f. w. murnau, remains among the most mourned of the lost films of the silent era.
for more than 100 years, they played at elm park before relocating to the impressive new madejski stadium in 1998. the new stadium was named after chairman john madejski, who bought the club in 1991 having made his fortune with auto trader.	for more than 100 years, they played at elm park before relocating to the new madejski stadium in 1998. the new stadium was named after chairman john madejski, who bought the club in 1991 having made his fortune with auto trader.
yet all his extraordinary abilities didn't save him from becoming a victim of events outside his control, and the perception he had failed to deal with them decisively contributed to his re-election defeat.	yet all his abilities didn't save him from becoming a victim of events outside his control, and the perception he had failed to deal with them decisively contributed to his re-election defeat.
"a good review of the topic was published in 2000, ""a review of criticality accidents"" by los alamos national laboratory (report la-13638), may 2000. coverage includes united states, russia, united kingdom, and japan."	"a review of the topic was published in 2000, ""a review of criticality accidents"" by los alamos national laboratory (report la-13638), may 2000. coverage includes united states, russia, united kingdom, and japan."
"jains use rice to make a swastika (also known as ""saathiyo"" or ""saathiya"" in the state of gujarat, india) in front of idols in a temple."	"jains use rice to make a swastika (also known as ""saathiyo"" or ""saathiya"" in the state of gujarat, india) in front of statues in a temple."
in april 2011, lee joined with lindsey graham (r-south carolina) and fellow senate tea party caucus member rand paul (r-kentucky) to propose a plan that would extend the financial viability of the u.s. social security retirement payment system.	in april 2011, lee joined with lindsey graham (r-south carolina) and fellow senate tea party caucus member rand paul (r-kentucky) to propose a plan they claimed would extend the financial viability of the u.s. social security retirement payment system.
kowal is happily married and has four children.	kowal is married and has four children.
the hungarian revolution of 1956 is an excellent example of a functioning anarchy, perhaps even of sucessful communism.	the hungarian revolution of 1956 can be seen as an excellent example of a functioning anarchy, perhaps even of sucessful communism.
it should be noted that the counter-reformation in poland, influenced by the commonwealth tradition of religious tolerance, was based mostly on jesuit propaganda and was very peaceful when compared to excesses such as the thirty years' war elsewhere in europe.	it should be noted that the counter-reformation in poland, influenced by the commonwealth tradition of religious tolerance, was based mostly on jesuit propaganda and was very peaceful when compared to more violent efforts such as the thirty years' war elsewhere in europe.
finally, judging whether the kingdom has come on grounds of health and wealth is highly disputed.	finally, judging whether the kingdom has come on grounds of health and wealthcitation needed is highly disputed.
george allen (u.s. politician) (born 1952), disgraced son of an nfl coach, outgoing senator and former governor of virginia	george allen (u.s. politician) (born 1952), son of an nfl coach, outgoing senator and former governor of virginia
according to the prophet zechariah, in the messianic era sukkot will become a universal festival and all nations will make pilgrimages annually to jerusalem to celebrate the feast there.	according to the book of zechariah, in the messianic era sukkot will become a universal festival and all nations will make pilgrimages annually to jerusalem to celebrate the feast there.
kate robbins (born 21 august 1958 in margate, kent) is an english actress, comedienne , singer and songwriter.	kate robbins (born 21 august 1958 in margate, kent) is an english actress, comedian , singer and songwriter.
vyacheslav zelimhanovich bitarov (, ; born february 21, 1961, village verhny sadon, north ossetian autonomous soviet socialist republic, ussr) is a russian statesman .	vyacheslav zelimhanovich bitarov (, ; born february 21, 1961, village verhny sadon, north ossetian autonomous soviet socialist republic, ussr) is a russian politician .
was a line delivered by comedienne deborah kennedy in an australian television advertisement from the year 2000. due to the ad's popularity in australia, the line entered the cultural vernacular as a catch phrase used to express a feeling of discontent.	was a line delivered by comedian deborah kennedy in an australian television advertisement from the year 2000. due to the ad's popularity in australia, the line entered the cultural vernacular as a catch phrase used to express a feeling of discontent.
ruslan kazakov (russian mercenary , veteran of chechen wars, don cossack militia member from volgograd) - dead (sniper-fire)	ruslan kazakov (russian volunteer , veteran of chechen wars, don cossack militia member from volgograd) - dead (sniper-fire)
"see history of the church 1:39-42. then, some time in 1929, cowdery received a purported revelation entitled ""articles of the church of christ"", which directed how to form the church of christ (later renamed the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints)."	"see history of the church 1:39-42. then, some time in 1929, cowdery received a revelation entitled ""articles of the church of christ"", which directed how to form the church of christ (later renamed the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints)."
up to the late 19th century, the nuristanis of afghanistan observed a primitive form of hinduism until they were forcibly converted to islam under the rule of abdur rahman khan.	up to the late 19th century, the nuristanis of afghanistan observed a primitive form of hinduism until they were converted to islam under the rule of abdur rahman khan.
the movie ended its run in the u.s.a on april 11th with a terrible 7.8 million total.	the movie ended its run in the u.s.a on april 11th with a 7.8 million total.
jak 3 received excellent reviews, such as an 8.6 out of 10 from gamespot, a 9.6 out of 10 from ign , and a 9.25 out of 10 from game informer magazine.	jak 3 received positive reviews, such as an 8.6 out of 10 from gamespot, a 9.6 out of 10 from ign , and a 9.25 out of 10 from game informer magazine.
that extra $72 billion represents the value the government imagines the improvement in computer quality is worth.	that extra $72 billion represents the value the government infers the improvement in computer quality is worth.
screen junkies is an emmy-nominated online movie magazine and youtube channel, owned and operated by defy media, that focuses on movies and television.	screen junkies is an online movie magazine and youtube channel, owned and operated by defy media, that focuses on movies and television.
flying university (, sometimes also translated as floating university) was the name of the secret educational conspiratorial enterprise that was started in warsaw, the historic polish capital, than under the control of the russian empire, and was renewed in the people's republic of poland from 1977 to 1981. in one form or the other, the institutions that claimed the spiritual connection to the flying university existed in poland from 1905 till today.	flying university (, sometimes also translated as floating university) was the name of the secret educational underground enterprise that was started in warsaw, the historic polish capital, than under the control of the russian empire, and was renewed in the people's republic of poland from 1977 to 1981. in one form or the other, the institutions that claimed the spiritual connection to the flying university existed in poland from 1905 till today.
the taped show was aired on april 17, several weeks after her passing .	the taped show was aired on april 17, several weeks after her death .
stoiber, as a minister in the very conservative state of bavaria, is widely known for advocating a reduction in the number of asylum seekers germany accepts, something that prompted critics to label him xenophobic.	stoiber, as a minister in the conservative state of bavaria, is widely known for advocating a reduction in the number of asylum seekers germany accepts, something that prompted critics to label him xenophobic.
bourrie is also an internationally-recognized amateur paleontologist, specializing in trilobites.	bourrie is also an amateur paleontologist, specializing in trilobites.
vanessa feltz is known for being a glamorous large woman.	vanessa feltz is known for being a large woman.
beatbeat whisper is an american indie folk band from the san francisco bay area in california, and has gained notoriety on both coasts of the united states.	beatbeat whisper is an american indie folk band from the san francisco bay area in california, and has gained a reputation on both coasts of the united states.
in 1996, ozzy osbourne launched his wildly successful ozzfest metal festival tour, which he headlined on a nightly basis.	in 1996, ozzy osbourne launched his successful ozzfest metal festival tour, which he headlined on a nightly basis.
ozark jubilee was an influential network television and radio variety program during the 1950s which helped popularize country music in the united states and launched or advanced the careers of many significant recording artists including brenda lee, wanda jackson, sonny james, porter wagoner and jean shepard.	ozark jubilee was an americam network television and radio variety program during the 1950s which helped popularize country music in the united states and launched or advanced the careers of many significant recording artists including brenda lee, wanda jackson, sonny james, porter wagoner and jean shepard.
after smith's death in 1844, the movement divided into several groups, the largest of which, the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church) migrated to utah and became infamous in the 19th century for its practice of plural marriage (polygamy.)	after smith's death in 1844, the movement divided into several groups, the largest of which, the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church) migrated to utah and became known in the 19th century for its practice of plural marriage (polygamy.)
one of the revolutionary features at the introduction of the apache was its helmet mounted display, the integrated helmet and display sighting system (ihadss); among other abilities the pilot or gunner can slave the helicopter's 30 mm automatic m230 chain gun to his helmet, making the gun track head movements to point at where he /she looks.	one of the revolutionary features at the introduction of the apache was its helmet mounted display, the integrated helmet and display sighting system (ihadss); among other abilities the pilot or gunner can slave the helicopter's 30 mm automatic m230 chain gun to his helmet, making the gun track head movements to point at where he looks.
wedel has published his research extensively in journal of marketing, journal of marketing research, marketing science, journal of consumer research, management science, psychometrika, journal of econometrics, and journal of the american statistical association.	wedel has published his research in journal of marketing, journal of marketing research, marketing science, journal of consumer research, management science, psychometrika, journal of econometrics, and journal of the american statistical association.
the idf claims that the demolition of structures by armored bulldozers is a necessity in fighting terrorism .	the idf claims that the demolition of structures by armored bulldozers is a necessity in fighting militants .
people such as kim jong-il of north korea continued to lead their nations toward the development of nuclear weapons.	despots such as kim jong-il of north korea continued to lead their nations toward the development of nuclear weapons.
sir david valentine willcocks cbe mc (born 30 december 1919) is a renowned british choral conductor, organist, and composer.	sir david valentine willcocks cbe mc (born 30 december 1919) is a british choral conductor, organist, and composer.
the new grooter nederland-actie (extended netherlands action) send delegates to this conference, who noted eurasians should be able to retain their culture and position; some eurasians mentioned new guinea as a possible homeland for eurasians.	the new grooter nederland-actie (extended netherlands action) send delegates to this conference, who opined eurasians should be able to retain their culture and position; some eurasians mentioned new guinea as a possible homeland for eurasians.
kirkuk (also spelled karkuk or kerkuk; , kurdish: kerkk/, , ) is a kurdish city in iraq and the capital of kirkuk governorate.	kirkuk (also spelled karkuk or kerkuk; , kurdish: kerkk/, , ) is a city in iraq and the capital of kirkuk governorate.
peter was arrested in 1930, freed three years later but re-arrested in 1935 and executed in 1936. the family was only later informed of his murder .	peter was arrested in 1930, freed three years later but re-arrested in 1935 and executed in 1936. the family was only later informed of his death .
"late indie mastermind elliott smith referenced the rhyme in song, ""baby britain"""	"late indie musician elliott smith referenced the rhyme in song, ""baby britain"""
-->she briefly lapsed into a coma, then evolved into an irreversible persistent vegetative state (pvs) as determined by more than a half dozen neurologists, and so remained the last 15 years of her life.	-->she briefly lapsed into a coma, then passed into an irreversible persistent vegetative state (pvs) as determined by more than a half dozen neurologists, and so remained the last 15 years of her life.
flora mure-campbell, marchioness of hastings and 6th countess of loudoun (1780 8 january 1840) was a british peeress , second daughter of james mure-campbell, 5th earl of loudoun and lady flora macleod.	flora mure-campbell, marchioness of hastings and 6th countess of loudoun (1780 8 january 1840) was a british peer , second daughter of james mure-campbell, 5th earl of loudoun and lady flora macleod.
he died of a heart attack at only 33 years of age in taranto.	he died of a heart attack at 33 years of age in taranto.
the haditha killings (also called the haditha massacre) refers to the incident where up to 24 iraqi noncombatant civilians were allegedly neutralized by a group of united states marines on november 19 2005 in haditha, a city in the western iraqi province of al anbar.	the haditha killings (also called the haditha massacre) refers to the incident where up to 24 iraqi noncombatant civilians were allegedly massacred by a group of united states marines on november 19 2005 in haditha, a city in the western iraqi province of al anbar.
they also note that similar cartoons about other religions are frequently printed, arguing that the followers of islam were not targeted in a discriminatory way.	they also claim that similar cartoons about other religions are frequently printed, arguing that the followers of islam were not targeted in a discriminatory way.
palestinian president yasser arafat was placed under a military siege in his headquarters in ramallah until his passing in november 2004. the church of nativity was also besieged.	palestinian president yasser arafat was placed under a military siege in his headquarters in ramallah until his death in november 2004. the church of nativity was also besieged.
"the get a mac campaign is the successor to the popular ""switch"" ads first broadcast in 2002. arguably, the two are most similar in that actors in both campaigns were filmed against a plain white background."	"the get a mac campaign is the successor to the ""switch"" ads first broadcast in 2002. arguably, the two are most similar in that actors in both campaigns were filmed against a plain white background."
on october 22, 2008, the controversial $300 million dollar tanger outlets at the arches opened.	on october 22, 2008, the $300 million dollar tanger outlets at the arches opened.
he was aided in passing the agenda by the election of a large republican majority to both houses of the indiana general assembly in 2010. in an attempt to derail his agenda, the democratic minority in the house of representatives staged a legislative walkout for several weeks, preventing the passage of any legislation.	he was aided in passing the agenda by the election of a large republican majority to both houses of the indiana general assembly in 2010. in an attempt to block his agenda, the democratic minority in the house of representatives staged a legislative walkout for several weeks, preventing the passage of any legislation.
while it is abundantly clear that dennett does not subscribe to a number of categories (such as cartesian materialism and dualism), it is less clear which ones he fits into.	while it is clear that dennett does not subscribe to a number of categories (such as cartesian materialism and dualism), it is less clear which ones he fits into.
compatible amplitude modulation - digital or cam-d is a proposed hybrid digital radio format for am broadcasting, put forth by respected broadcast engineer leonard kahn.	compatible amplitude modulation - digital or cam-d is a proposed hybrid digital radio format for am broadcasting, put forth by well-known broadcast engineer leonard kahn.
southwest nanotechnologies is a producer of single-walled carbon nanotubes, and bergey windpower is a leading supplier of small wind turbines.	southwest nanotechnologies is a producer of single-walled carbon nanotubes, and bergey windpower is a supplier of small wind turbines.
in 1097, tgar mac mal choluim had gained control of scotland from his usurping uncle domnall bn.	in 1097, tgar mac mal choluim had gained control of scotland from his uncle domnall bn.
qumran is an archaeological site in palestine .	qumran is an archaeological site in israel's qumran national park .
the revised design offered seating for 47 passengers and, having a nose wheel undercarriage, looked far more modern than the dc-3s, curtiss commandos, avro lancastrians and vickers vikings that were common on europe's shorter airline routes.	the revised design offered seating for 47 passengers and, having a nose wheel undercarriage, looked more modern than the dc-3s, curtiss commandos, avro lancastrians and vickers vikings that were common on europe's shorter airline routes.
you will have to travel in a trek through africa to find the lost jewels of nabooti tribe.	the player will have to travel in a trek through africa to find the lost jewels of nabooti tribe.
"it was christened ""saunders""."	"it was named ""saunders""."
michael bridges (born in north shields, 5 august 1978) is a gifted football centre-forward whose career has been severely blighted by injuries.	michael bridges (born in north shields, 5 august 1978) is a football centre-forward whose career has been severely blighted by injuries.
israel famously carried out selective assassinations to avenge the massacre of its athletes at the 1972 summer olympics by the organization black september.	israel carried out selective assassinations to avenge the massacre of its athletes at the 1972 summer olympics by the organization black september.
lier (french: lierre) is a lovely municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp.	lier (french: lierre) is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp.
during this operation, 7 hamas terrorists were killed.	during this operation, 7 hamas militants were killed.
such relentless violence cemented the fearsome reputation of the gestapo as the nazis' secret police.	such relentless violence did much to add to the fearsome reputation of the gestapo as the nazis' secret police.
commercials in japan used kuniko yamada, a japanese comedienne .	commercials in japan used kuniko yamada, a japanese comedian .
reuters has a committed team of several thousand journalists, who, over the years, have covered every big news event, sometimes at the cost of losing their lives.	reuters has a team of several thousand journalists, who, over the years, have covered every big news event, sometimes at the cost of losing their lives.
oceanlab is a celebrated vocal trance group consisting of jonathan grant, tony mcguinness, paavo siljamki (above & beyond) and justine suissa, a singer who has also collaborated with other artists such as chicane and armin van buuren.	oceanlab is a vocal trance group consisting of jonathan grant, tony mcguinness, paavo siljamki (above & beyond) and justine suissa, a singer who has also collaborated with other artists such as chicane and armin van buuren.
the pilots of the helicopter were martyred .	the pilots of the helicopter were killed .
atmospheric drag, relativistic effects, radiation pressure, electromagnetic forces, etc.. .	atmospheric drag, relativistic effects, radiation pressure, electromagnetic forces, and so on .
1after two years of recurring appearances, grammer's name was finally placed in the opening credits for this and subsequent seasons.	1after two years of recurring appearances, grammer's name was placed in the opening credits for this and subsequent seasons.
maria tam wai-chu, gbs lld jp (traditional chinese: ) is a barrister by profession and a major contributor in the public domain of hong kong.	maria tam wai-chu, gbs lld jp (traditional chinese: ) is a barrister by profession and a contributor in the public domain of hong kong.
shortly after the film's online release, bloggers and newspapers familiar with indie comics noticed its remarkable resemblance to justin m. damiano, a 2007 comic by clowes, who also created ghost world and art school confidential.	shortly after the film's online release, bloggers and newspapers familiar with indie comics noticed its resemblance to justin m. damiano, a 2007 comic by clowes, who also created ghost world and art school confidential.
"extra ingredients, like ground beef, canned tuna, ketchup, sliced hot dogs, ham, bacon, peppers, tomatoes, and other vegetables are sometimes incorporated into the dish as well, though purists might quibble that such recipes are no longer ""macaroni and cheese."""	"extra ingredients, like ground beef, canned tuna, ketchup, sliced hot dogs, ham, bacon, peppers, tomatoes, and other vegetables are sometimes incorporated into the dish as well, though purists might say that such recipes are no longer ""macaroni and cheese."""
second-generation cognitive science emerged in the 1970s, regrettably after lof was written.	second-generation cognitive science emerged in the 1970s, after lof was written.
redirect human population control	redirect human population planning
bran realizes jon is rhaegar's legitimate son and the true heir to the iron throne.	bran decides jon is rhaegar's legitimate son and the true heir to the iron throne.
more recently, mr hudson & the library have adopted this song for their album a tale of two cities.	more recently, mr hudson & the library have covered this song for their album a tale of two cities.
in the united states the term is generally used for those of black african ancestry, and not, for example, to european colonial or arab/berber african ancestry, such as moroccans or white south african-european ancestry.	in the united states the term is generally used for those of african ancestry, and not, for example, to european colonial or arab/berber african ancestry, such as moroccans or white south african-european ancestry.
by 1895, claimed that he had the ability to transmit signals under 50 miles.	by 1895, stated that he had the ability to transmit signals under 50 miles.
younger brother of the legendary pradip kumar banerjee, prasun had also captained the india national football team in international tournaments.	younger brother of the pradip kumar banerjee, prasun had also captained the india national football team in international tournaments.
astrid lindgren (november 14, 1907 - january 28, 2002) was a beloved swedish author of children's books, translated to more than 70 languages and published in more than 100 countries.	astrid lindgren (november 14, 1907 - january 28, 2002) was a swedish author of children's books, translated to more than 70 languages and published in more than 100 countries.
harlan is well known in iowa for its powerful high school athletic teams which have won over 6,000 state high school championships, particularly in football.	harlan is well known in iowa for its high school athletic teams which have won over 6,000 state high school championships, particularly in football.
with the discovery of oil in 2006 in the azawad region, as well as the war on terror and the hyped presence of al qaeda in the islamic maghreb, the issues of discord came to light.	with the discovery of oil in 2006 in the azawad region, as well as the war on terror and the presence of al qaeda in the islamic maghreb, the issues of discord came to light.
...that the u.s. coast guard's owasco class cutters owasco, winnebago (pictured) and sebago were heavily armed for world war ii service but did not see combat until the vietnam war?	...that the u.s. coast guard's owasco class cutters owasco, winnebago (pictured) and sebago were armed for world war ii service but did not see combat until the vietnam war?
it is a sequel to fantastic voyage, the official novelization asimov wrote (with minor changes to fix gaping plot holes) for the 1966 film; but because asimov did not have rights to the film's characters, it shares only the central concept of scientists shrinking to enter a human body for medical and political reasons.	it is a sequel to fantastic voyage, the official novelization asimov wrote (with minor changes to fix plot holes ) for the 1966 film; but because asimov did not have rights to the film's characters, it shares only the central concept of scientists shrinking to enter a human body for medical and political reasons.
reviews for blue dragon have been somewhat mixed, although generally favorable, with few multi-platform sites being overly critical in their reviews of the game.	reviews for blue dragon have been somewhat mixed, although generally favorable, with few multi-platform sites being highly critical in their reviews of the game.
"the paratroopers were the ones to liberate the wailing wall and the temple mount - a moment that is considered as ""historic"" and the ""highlight of this war"" by the majority of the israeli public, mainly due to the sacredness of these places to the jewish people."	"the paratroopers were the ones to capture the wailing wall and the temple mount - a moment that is considered as ""historic"" and the ""highlight of this war"" by the majority of the israeli public, mainly due to the sacredness of these places to the jewish people."
neonatal circumcision is often performed just for social or cultural reasons.	neonatal circumcision is often performed solely for social or cultural reasons.
novella is best known for being a prominent member of the skeptical movement.	novella is best known for being a member of the skeptical movement.
extreme conservatives including bill o'reilly and bill kristol have argued that the daily show has a liberal bias.	conservatives including bill o'reilly and bill kristol have argued that the daily show has a liberal bias.
in the year 2000, noted american composer philip glass wrote his concerto fantasy for two timpanists and orchestra, which has its two soloists playing a total of nine or more timpani.	in the year 2000, american composer philip glass wrote his concerto fantasy for two timpanists and orchestra, which has its two soloists playing a total of nine or more timpani.
an enormous example of a dust devil in ramadi, iraq.	an example of a dust devil in ramadi, iraq.
luke covell (born november 9, 1981 in goodiwindi, new south wales) is an overrated australian rugby league player for the cronulla-sutherland sharks in the national rugby league competition, he also previously played for the wests tigers.	luke covell (born november 9, 1981 in goodiwindi, new south wales) is an australian rugby league player for the cronulla-sutherland sharks in the national rugby league competition, he also previously played for the wests tigers.
the opening's objective is to gain a significant lead in (knight, bishop, and queen) for the sacrificed knight, followed by a devastating attack.	the opening's objective is to gain a significant lead in (knight, bishop, and queen) for the sacrificed knight, followed by a attack.
many different cns depressant drugs such as alcohol , benzodiazepines, barbiturates, ghb, sedatives and opiates produce respiratory depression when taken in large or excessive doses; however this is most commonly seen as a cause of death with opiates or opioids, particularly when they are combined with sedatives such as alcohol or benzodiazepines.	many different cns depressant drugs such as ethanol , benzodiazepines, barbiturates, ghb, sedatives and opiates produce respiratory depression when taken in large or excessive doses; however this is most commonly seen as a cause of death with opiates or opioids, particularly when they are combined with sedatives such as alcohol or benzodiazepines.
when, after three years, hartnell left the series due to ill health, the role was handed over to respected character actor patrick troughton.	when, after three years, hartnell left the series due to ill health, the role was handed over to character actor patrick troughton.
ross was named one of twelve international hockey hall of fame chartered honourees in 1945. he was inducted as a builder.	ross was named one of twelve hockey hall of fame chartered honourees in 1945. he was inducted as a builder.
in february, she was identified and was immediately awarded the order of hero of the soviet union.	in february, she was identified and was awarded the order of hero of the soviet union.
it rises in the rocky mountains in glacier national park at the continental divide and flows ene onto the foothills and plains of the blackfeet indian reservation, then southeast, past cut bank, montana where it forms a spectacular scenic gorge deep spanned by an elevated railway bridge just a mile from the town's amtrak rail transport system passenger station and bnsf railway freight yards.	it rises in the rocky mountains in glacier national park at the continental divide and flows ene onto the foothills and plains of the blackfeet indian reservation, then southeast, past cut bank, montana where it forms a scenic gorge deep spanned by an elevated railway bridge just a mile from the town's amtrak rail transport system passenger station and bnsf railway freight yards.
in response to criticism, spencer claims that his critics haven't substantiated their claims of inaccuracy in his work, but content themselves with broad and vague accusations.	in response to criticism, spencer says that his critics haven't substantiated their claims of inaccuracy in his work, but content themselves with broad and vague accusations.
catholicism is a broad term that refers to the body of the catholic faith, its theologies and doctrines, its liturgical, ethical, spiritual, and behavioral characteristics, as well as a religious people as a whole.	catholicism is a broad term that can be used to refer to the body of the catholic faith, its theologies and doctrines, its liturgical, ethical, spiritual, and behavioral characteristics, as well as a religious people as a whole.
"the principality of sealand is an unrecognised micronation , located on hm fort roughs, a former world war ii maunsell sea fort in the north sea 10 km (six miles) off the coast of suffolk, england (5153'40""n, 128'57""e)."	"the principality of sealand is an unrecognised entity , located on hm fort roughs, a former world war ii maunsell sea fort in the north sea 10 km (six miles) off the coast of suffolk, england (5153'40""n, 128'57""e)."
the new york times reports several dealers are charging between to above general motors recommended price.	the new york times reported that several dealers are charging between to above general motors recommended price.
the blast killed 38 and seriously injured 143. the bombing was never solved, although many investigators and historians believe the wall street bombing was carried out by galleanists (italian anarchists), a group responsible for a series of bombings the previous year.	the blast killed 38 and seriously injured 143. the bombing was never solved, although investigators and historians believe the wall street bombing was carried out by galleanists (italian anarchists), a group responsible for a series of bombings the previous year.
note: apostates are indicated with an asterisk	note: ex-converts are indicated with an asterisk
the city is close to the former boundary between west slavic and germanic lands and it has a complex political history with periods of polish rule, periods of german control , and two spells as a free city.	the city is close to the former boundary between west slavic and germanic lands and it has a complex political history with periods of polish rule, periods of german rule , and two spells as a free city.
"the 1953 fa cup final, known as the ""matthews final"" due to stanley matthews' astonishing dribbling in the last 30 minutes of the game, was contested by blackpool and bolton wanderers at wembley."	"the 1953 fa cup final, known as the ""matthews final"" due to stanley matthews' dribbling in the last 30 minutes of the game, was contested by blackpool and bolton wanderers at wembley."
polonich rightfully sued, and was rewarded with a settlement of $850,000 in 1982. polonich suffered from breathing problems for the remainder of his career.	polonich sued, and was rewarded with a settlement of $850,000 in 1982. polonich suffered from breathing problems for the remainder of his career.
included on the list of top 100 greatest players ever (male and female combined) by leading tennis reporter matthew cronin in 2012	included on the list of top 100 greatest players ever (male and female combined) by tennis reporter matthew cronin in 2012
besides complying with the usda requirements for organic certification, these standards of care aspire to the next level of organic stewardship.	besides alleging compliance with the usda requirements for organic certification, these standards of care aspire to the next level of organic stewardship.
robert fourer (born september 2, 1950) is a prominent scientist working in the area of operational research and management science.	robert fourer (born september 2, 1950) is a scientist working in the area of operational research and management science.
"joseph knew his story was unbelievable."""	"joseph knew his story would be seen as unbelievable."""
"that song, which is sung in german, has a very catchy tune and simple lyrics (translation of the beginning: ""i am schnappi, the little crocodile / i come from egypt, that's right on the nile"")."	"that song, which is sung in german, has a catchy tune and simple lyrics (translation of the beginning: ""i am schnappi, the little crocodile / i come from egypt, that's right on the nile"")."
schellenbach attended new york city's elite math and science high school, stuyvesant high school.	schellenbach attended new york city's math and science high school, stuyvesant high school.
the french team, which came second, accepted that the better team won, but also suggested team sprint regulation needs to be changed.	the french team, which came second, accepted that the british team won, but also suggested team sprint regulation needs to be changed.
terry meeuwsen - anchor and former miss america (19781986; left to be a full time mom , now co-host of the 700 club)	terry meeuwsen - anchor and former miss america (19781986; left to be a full time mother , now co-host of the 700 club)
"the term ""algonquin"" derives from the maliseet word elakmkwik (pronounced ), ""they are our relatives/allies""."	"the term ""algonquin"" has been suggested to derive from the maliseet word elakmkwik (pronounced ), ""they are our relatives/allies""."
hume was attacked by some for these comments, but he stood firm with his remarks and reiterated them the following day on the o'reilly factor with bill o'reilly.	hume was criticized by some for these comments, but he stood firm with his remarks and reiterated them the following day on the o'reilly factor with bill o'reilly.
the initial rota of staff included the legendary john peel (with the station until his untimely death in october 2004) and a gaggle of others, some hired from pirates, such as ed stewart, terry wogan, jimmy young, dave cash, kenny everett, simon dee, pete murray, and bob holness.	the initial rota of staff included the legendary john peel (with the station until his death in october 2004) and a gaggle of others, some hired from pirates, such as ed stewart, terry wogan, jimmy young, dave cash, kenny everett, simon dee, pete murray, and bob holness.
the group fought multiple battles against government forces, the islamic state of iraq and the levant, the leftist people and women's protection units, as well as various other rebel groups.	the group fought multiple battles against government forces, the islamic state of iraq and the levant, the people and women's protection units, as well as various other rebel groups.
"alarmingly high percentages of teachers indicated that half of their students lacked important skills, including ""following directions"" (46%), ""academic skills"" (36%), and the ability to ""work independently"" (34%)."	"high percentages of teachers indicated that half of their students lacked important skills, including ""following directions"" (46%), ""academic skills"" (36%), and the ability to ""work independently"" (34%)."
gray davis expressed his hate for one commercial and asked if there was a way to remove it from the air.	gray davis expressed his dislike for one commercial and asked if there was a way to remove it from the air.
perle systems products are used to connect remote users reliably and securely to central servers for a wide variety of business applications.	perle systems products are intended to connect remote users reliably and securely to central servers for a wide variety of business applications.
the national alliance claims to be a white supremacist organization, but most outside observers believe they are a white supremacists.	the national alliance claims to be a white nationalist organization, but most outside observers believe they are a white supremacists.
a mega portal on trip-hop and slow tempo electronic music in general	a portal on trip-hop and slow tempo electronic music in general
in january 2005 it was falsely announced that she wished bob marley's body be reburied in ethiopia.	in january 2005 it was announced that she wished bob marley's body be reburied in ethiopia.
vice-presidents in the new democratic iraq	vice-presidents in the new iraq
mauritius will be sending the 1st runner-up from their pageant, as the winner is underage ( only 16).	mauritius will be sending the 1st runner-up from their pageant, as the winner is underage (16).
the university campus is surrounded by typical suburban communities, the cidade universitria campineira, so named because many professors and a large number of students reside there; as well as by beautiful gated condominiums, such as rio das pedras, and many old farms, such as pau d'alho, santa eudxia, rio das pedras and santa genebra.	the university campus is surrounded by typical suburban communities, the cidade universitria campineira, so named because many professors and a large number of students reside there; as well as by gated condominiums, such as rio das pedras, and many old farms, such as pau d'alho, santa eudxia, rio das pedras and santa genebra.
peel therefore asked that some of this coterie be dismissed and replaced with their conservative counterparts, provoking the so-called bedchamber crisis.	peel therefore asked that some of this entourage be dismissed and replaced with their conservative counterparts, provoking the so-called bedchamber crisis.
dublin international film festival was established in 2003. it was revived by michael dwyer, renowned international film critic and the irish times chief film correspondent, along with david mcloughlin, film producer.	dublin international film festival was established in 2003. it was revived by michael dwyer, international film critic and the irish times chief film correspondent, along with david mcloughlin, film producer.
he is widely respected by both the modern orthodox and haredi worlds for his breathtaking knowledge of talmud, his nonliberal stance towards halacha, and his close relationship with rabbi joseph soloveitchik.	he is widely respected by both the modern orthodox and haredi worlds for his wide and deep knowledge of talmud, his nonliberal stance towards halacha, and his close relationship with rabbi joseph soloveitchik.
in 1875, count tikeviius decided to establish his family estate in kretinga; he purchased and rebuilt an old palace.	in 1875, count tyshkevich decided to establish his family estate in kretinga; he purchased and rebuilt an old palace.
jonathan torrens actor, and star of popular canadian tv show, the trailer park boys.	jonathan torrens actor, and star of canadian tv show, the trailer park boys.
several sources, notably the french newspaper le monde and michael moore's documentary fahrenheit 9/11, have erroneously reported that karzai once worked as a consultant for the oil company unocal.	several sources, notably the french newspaper le monde and michael moore's documentary fahrenheit 9/11, have reported that karzai once worked as a consultant for the oil company unocal.
to some degree, roddick's struggles are a by-product of the excellence of roger federer, who has (as of june 2007) defeated roddick five times in the semifinals or finals of a grand slam event.	to some degree, roddick's struggles are a by-product of the dominance of roger federer, who has (as of june 2007) defeated roddick five times in the semifinals or finals of a grand slam event.
the dane was given a straight red card, and the south american was initially ruled out for the rest of the campaign, but miraculously recovered for the final two games, with sevilla finishing fifth and qualifying to the uefa europa league.	the dane was given a straight red card, and the south american was initially ruled out for the rest of the campaign, but unexpectedly recovered for the final two games, with sevilla finishing fifth and qualifying to the uefa europa league.
cesnur gives a greater weight to religious freedom than anti-cult activists and is critical about concepts like mind control, thought reform, and brainwashing asserting that they lack scientific and scholarly support and are mainly based on anecdotal evidence.	cesnur claims to give a greater weight to religious freedom than anti-cult activists and is critical about concepts like mind control, thought reform, and brainwashing asserting that they lack scientific and scholarly support and are mainly based on anecdotal evidence.
elmo patrick sonnier (february 21, 1951 - april 5, 1984) was a convicted murderer and rapist who was executed by electrocution at angola (correctly known as louisiana state penitentiary) in louisiana on april 5, 1984. sonnier, a troubled youth with a past riddled in criminal activity, received along with his brother eddie james sonnier a sentence of death by a jury of his peers on april 25, 1978 for the november 5, 1977 rape and murder of loretta ann bourque, 18, and the murder of david leblanc, 16. sonnier's plight on louisiana's death row attracted the attention of anti-death penalty activist sister helen prejean, and became the first of many death row inmates to receive her counsel.	elmo patrick sonnier (february 21, 1951 - april 5, 1984) was a convicted murderer and rapist who was executed by electrocution at angola (correctly known as louisiana state penitentiary) in louisiana on april 5, 1984. sonnier, a troubled youth with a past riddled in criminal activity, received along with his brother eddie james sonnier a sentence of death by a jury of his peers on april 25, 1978 for the november 5, 1977 rape and murder of loretta ann bourque, 18, and the murder of david leblanc, 16. sonnier's presence on louisiana's death row attracted the attention of anti-death penalty activist sister helen prejean, and became the first of many death row inmates to receive her counsel.
"in ireland, where his measures against irish catholics have been characterised by many historians as genocidal or near-genocidal, he and his memory are widely despised, although amateur irish historian and drogheda resident tom reilly has claimed that the opinion of cromwell as a mass-murderer of the irish is ""a fundamental flaw in irish history"" ."	"in ireland, where his measures against irish catholics have been characterised by many historians as genocidal or near-genocidal, he and his memory are widely despised, although irish historian and drogheda resident tom reilly has claimed that the opinion of cromwell as a mass-murderer of the irish is ""a fundamental flaw in irish history"" ."
this was a full-blown animated musical, with catchy tunes and including a wonderful version of the first movement of beethoven's piano sonata no.	this was a full-blown animated musical, with catchy tunes and including a version of the first movement of beethoven's piano sonata no.
cell culture is the complex process by which cells are grown under controlled conditions, generally outside of their natural environment.	cell culture is the process by which cells are grown under controlled conditions, generally outside of their natural environment.
and rates of bipolar disorder in children increased by forty fold when thought leaders and drug companies convinced practitioners that temperamental kids had bipolar disorder even if they didn't have mood swings - a concept that had been rejected by dsm-iv.	and rates of bipolar disorder in children increased by forty fold when thought leaders and drug companies convinced psychiatrists that temperamental kids had bipolar disorder even if they didn't have mood swings - a concept that had been rejected by dsm-iv.
in 2013. this debut was was named in the scotsman's 'top 20 sports books of the year' list.	in 2013. this debut was named in the scotsman's 'top 20 sports books of the year' list.
the beslan school hostage crisis (also referred to as the beslan school siege) began when armed terrorist s (most of whom were chechnyans) took over 1200 school children and adults hostage on september 1 2004, at school number one (sno) in the russian town of beslan in north ossetia.	the beslan school hostage crisis (also referred to as the beslan school siege) began when armed militant s (most of whom were chechnyans) took over 1200 school children and adults hostage on september 1 2004, at school number one (sno) in the russian town of beslan in north ossetia.
gnu/ linux systems vs. solaris).	linux systems vs. solaris).
the series is notable for its extremely raunchy form of humor, combined with a sympathetic view of the main characters.	the series is notable for its raunchy form of humor, combined with a sympathetic view of the main characters.
it was this legislation that enabled the country to take on the axis powers a few years later, but not before terrible losses on the east coast, which was crawling with german submarines by the end of 1941. that year the germans sank 1,232 allied and neutral ships worldwide, including those manned by the merchant marine, and the following year was even worse.	it was this legislation that enabled the country to take on the axis powers a few years later, but not before extensive losses on the east coast, which was crawling with german submarines by the end of 1941. that year the germans sank 1,232 allied and neutral ships worldwide, including those manned by the merchant marine, and the following year was even worse.
suicides are unfortunately common, at roughly one per week across the network; though it is estimated that only one in three attempts of this nature actually end in a fatality.	suicides are nonetheless common, at roughly one per week across the network; though it is estimated that only one in three attempts of this nature actually end in a fatality.
service outside mclean bible church	activity outside mclean bible church
the position of jews with regard to mormons is similar to jewish feelings about other christian groups— while peaceful coexistence is strongly desired, attempts at conversion are considered inappropriate and unwanted.	the position of jews with regard to mormons is similar to jewish feelings about christian groups— while peaceful coexistence is strongly desired, attempts at conversion are considered inappropriate and unwanted.
trioli was paid $235,664, while her co-host earned $84,000 less, with an income of just $151,006.	trioli was paid $235,664, while her co-host earned $84,000 less, with an income of $151,006.
jerry lamon falwell, sr. (august 11, 1933–may 15, 2007) was an american evangelical christian pastor, televangelist, and a controversial conservative commentator.	jerry lamon falwell, sr. (august 11, 1933–may 15, 2007) was an american evangelical christian pastor, televangelist, and a conservative commentator.
whilst credit transfer can be conducted between education bodies in separate countries, the process of articulation can become very complicated when students transfer courses earned at multiple and international campuses, more than 5-10 years ago, or have alternative credit experiences such as exam or military credit.	although credit transfer can be conducted between education bodies in separate countries, the process of articulation can become very complicated when students transfer courses earned at multiple and international campuses, more than 5-10 years ago, or have alternative credit experiences such as exam or military credit.
hector became more and more obsessed with his role as the sandman, and devolved from a serious superhero to one who fought nonsensical battles against pathetically weak villains.	hector became more and more obsessed with his role as the sandman, and devolved from a serious superhero to one who fought nonsensical battles against weak villains.
though raised as a buddhist, she considers herself agnostic.	raised as a buddhist, she considers herself agnostic.
"chianese is a talented musician, having released a cd (fittingly titled ""hits"") in 2000, where he sings american and italian songs."	"chianese is a musician, having released a cd (fittingly titled ""hits"") in 2000, where he sings american and italian songs."
irving's credentials as a historian have been discredited as a result of controversy surrounding his holocaust denial and misrepresentation of historical evidence.	irving's credentials as a historian have been disputed as a result of controversy surrounding his holocaust denial and misrepresentation of historical evidence.
"the show is a singing competition in which viewers can call in and vote on contestants to determine the best ""undiscovered"" young singer in the united states, with the winner receiving a major record deal, although some runners-up have achieved enough fame to ink record deals of their own."	"the show is a karaoke competition in which viewers can call in and vote on contestants to determine the best ""undiscovered"" young singer in the united states, with the winner receiving a major record deal, although some runners-up have achieved enough fame to ink record deals of their own."
"she was vocal in her support for al gore in 2000. diaz sported a t-shirt that read ""i won't vote for a son of a bush!"""	"she was vocal in her support for al gore in 2000. diaz wore a t-shirt that read ""i won't vote for a son of a bush!"""
fanciful accounts concerning the lost tribes, based to varying degrees on biblical accounts, have been produced by both jews and christians since at least the 17th century.	accounts concerning the lost tribes, based to varying degrees on biblical accounts, have been produced by both jews and christians since at least the 17th century.
in england, an oath of abjuration was taken by members of parliament, clergy, and laymen, pledging to support the current british monarch and repudiated the right of the stuarts and other pretenders to the throne.	in england, an oath of abjuration was taken by members of parliament, clergy, and laymen, pledging to support the current british monarch and repudiated the right of the stuarts and other claimants to the throne.
let's be cops has been met with mostly negative reviews.	let's be cops has been met with generally negative reviews.
"all that includes two ""private"" beaches, private pools, tennis courts, breathtaking views, a personal chef, a team of about 60 staff and a wide array of water sports equipment."	"all that includes two ""private"" beaches, private pools, tennis courts, scenic views, a personal chef, a team of about 60 staff and a wide array of water sports equipment."
however, controversial business tycoon robert maxwell (1923–1991) took over.	however, business tycoon robert maxwell (1923–1991) took over.
the manual concludes with a paragraph commonly said to advocate the killing of abortionists .	the manual concludes with a paragraph commonly said to advocate the killing of abortion providers .
t. j. miller, co-star of the 2008 blockbuster cloverfield	t. j. miller, co-star of the 2008 movie cloverfield
ultimate reed richard's conversations with the false projection of his regular counterpart suggest that in the ultimate universe, mr. fantastic is less skilled and has much less experience than the original mr. fantastic if the false projection is to be believed.	ultimate reed richard's conversations with the false projection of his regular counterpart suggest that in the ultimate universe, mr. fantastic is less skilled and has much less experience than the zombie mr. fantastic if the false projection is to be believed.
wodehouse's books, performing sensational voice characterisations for each character, and becoming possibly the most known narrator to ever perform the series.	wodehouse's books, performing voice characterisations for each character, and becoming possibly the most known narrator to ever perform the series.
under this scheme , one or more churches send funds to another congregation for a work which the receiving (or sponsoring) church then oversees.	under this arrangement , one or more churches send funds to another congregation for a work which the receiving (or sponsoring) church then oversees.
whilst admiral tom phillips was undoubtedly brave, his reckless leadership of force z led to his demise and the destruction of the british fleet on 10 december 1941, early in the campaign.	whilst admiral tom phillips was undoubtedly brave, his leadership of force z led to his demise and the destruction of the british fleet on 10 december 1941, early in the campaign.
october 7: metring david, 90, actress- comedienne (born 1920)	october 7: metring david, 90, actress- comedian (born 1920)
it was first revealed in 2005 at the walk of game inauguration of sonic the hedgehog, the star of the series.	it was first revealed in 2005 at the walk of game inauguration of sonic the hedgehog, the main character of the series.
in the book of mormon, the nephites are fictional people descended from or associated with nephi, a prophet who, according to the text, left jerusalem at the urging of god in 600 bc and traveled with his family to the western hemisphere, arriving in the americas circa 589 bc.	in the book of mormon, the nephites are a people descended from or associated with nephi, a prophet who, according to the text, left jerusalem at the urging of god in 600 bc and traveled with his family to the western hemisphere, arriving in the americas circa 589 bc.
beverly sanders (born september 2, 1940) is an american actress, comedienne , and voice artist.	beverly sanders (born september 2, 1940) is an american actress, comedian , and voice artist.
the network had covered a story about the united states justice department regarding its tepid prosecution of members of the new black panther party for accusations of voter intimidation during the 2008 united states presidential election.	the network had covered a story about the united states justice department regarding its prosecution of members of the new black panther party for accusations of voter intimidation during the 2008 united states presidential election.
rugby union was famously an amateur sport until the irb declared the game 'open' in 1995, removing restrictions on payments to players.	rugby union was an amateur sport until the irb declared the game 'open' in 1995, removing restrictions on payments to players.
zulutime (november 1996) - with page hamilton, mastermind of the band helmet.	zulutime (november 1996) - with page hamilton, of the band helmet.
the dutch intervention in bali in 1906 was a powerful dutch military intervention in bali, which destroyed the southern bali kingdom of badung and tabanan, and weakened the kingdom of klungkung.	the dutch intervention in bali in 1906 was a dutch military intervention in bali, which destroyed the southern bali kingdom of badung and tabanan, and weakened the kingdom of klungkung.
he was a staunch hindu during his lifetime.	he was a hindu during his lifetime.
"it is sometimes confusingly referred to as a public school in the english sense, but in scotland as in most of the english-speaking world, the term ""public school"" signifies a local government run state school."	"it is sometimes referred to as a public school in the english sense, but in scotland as in most of the english-speaking world, the term ""public school"" signifies a local government run state school."
nevertheless, the panther tank commanded respect from the allies, and its combat capabilities led directly to the introduction of heavier allied tanks such as the soviet is-2 and the american m26 pershing into the war and the development of the formidable british centurion tank, even though it appeared too late to participate in world war ii.	nevertheless, the panther tank commanded respect from the allies, and its combat capabilities led directly to the introduction of heavier allied tanks such as the soviet is-2 and the american m26 pershing into the war and the development of the british centurion tank, even though it appeared too late to participate in world war ii.
he tackled a range of songs and musical styles in a career of over two decades, setting numerous records for concert attendance, television ratings and records sales.	he tackled a range of songs and musical styles in a career of over two decades, setting many records for concert attendance, television ratings and records sales.
"mass effect has received overwhelmingly positive reviews.game informer awarded mass effect a 9.75 out of 10, declaring it ""the next big franchise for science fiction junkies to latch onto"", ""a huge step forward for video games"", and that it ""rings in a new age of interactive storytelling""."	"mass effect has received generally positive reviews.game informer awarded mass effect a 9.75 out of 10, declaring it ""the next big franchise for science fiction junkies to latch onto"", ""a huge step forward for video games"", and that it ""rings in a new age of interactive storytelling""."
choir concerts (male voices in particular) command a strong local following and the lions club is a promoter of such attractions usually held in the methodist or parish churches.	choir concerts (male voices in particular) command a local following and the lions club is a promoter of such attractions usually held in the methodist or parish churches.
the morel is a famed type of edible cup fungus.	the morel is a type of edible cup fungus.
windows media drm is a digital restrictions management service for the windows media platform.	windows media drm is a digital rights management service for the windows media platform.
in march 2013, he scored his first goal for colombia in a crushing 5-0 victory over bolivia.	in march 2013, he scored his first goal for colombia in a 5-0 victory over bolivia.
in the poem vafrnisml, odin poses the question to vafrnir as to who of mankind will survive the fimbulwinter.	in the poem vafrnisml, odin poses the question to vafrnir as to who of humanity will survive the fimbulwinter.
"she signed on as a tvb actress and has since made other series, most notably untraceable evidence, playing the calm and collected forensics doctor, ""pauline lip""; and in healing hands, a popular tvb series known for its cutting edge medical topics and its star-studded cast which included lawrence ng, ada choi, bowie lam and william so."	"she signed on as a tvb actress and has since made other series, most notably untraceable evidence, playing the calm and collected forensics doctor, ""pauline lip""; and in healing hands, a tvb series known for its cutting edge medical topics and its star-studded cast which included lawrence ng, ada choi, bowie lam and william so."
zachlumia (croatian: zahumlje serbian: ), also known as the land of the hum and chelm, was a medieval slavic principality located in today's herzegovina (modern day bosnia and herzegovina), and southern dalmatia (modern day republic of croatia).	zachlumia (croatian: zahumlje serbian: ), also known as the land of the hum and chelm, was a medieval serbian principality located in today's herzegovina (modern day bosnia and herzegovina), and southern dalmatia (modern day republic of croatia).
the guests of honor will be legendary artist michael whelan and author seanan mcguire	the guests of honor will be artist michael whelan and author seanan mcguire
free of polish domination , unlike in other areas of ukraine the uniate church had become closely linked to the ukrainian people and the ukrainian national movement.	free of polish influence , unlike in other areas of ukraine the uniate church had become closely linked to the ukrainian people and the ukrainian national movement.
these allegations are extensively repeated on websites, and supported by many who participated in rc during the years in question, but given the long time that has elapsed since many of them were made it is difficult to prove their authenticity.	these allegations are extensively repeated on websites, and supported by some who participated in rc during the years in question, but given the long time that has elapsed since many of them were made it is difficult to prove their authenticity.
he withdrew his battered army back to virginia while president abraham lincoln used the confederate reverse as an opportunity to announce the emancipation proclamation to put the confederacy on the diplomatic and moral defensive.	he withdrew his battered army back to virginia while president abraham lincoln used the confederate reverse as an opportunity to announce the emancipation proclamation , which put the confederacy on the diplomatic and moral defensive.
the terror-linked communist party of the philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing bagong alyansang makabayan joins the government cabinet of rodrigo duterte.	the communist party of the philippines agrees to fight drug lords after its legal wing bagong alyansang makabayan joins the government cabinet of rodrigo duterte.
he is a proponent of black people being the originators of mankind .	he is a proponent of black people being the originators of humankind .
it is a potentially politically volatile subject, and the producers wisely avoided unintended comparison by using the solid yellow color scheme with no red striping.	it is a potentially politically volatile subject, and the producers avoided unintended comparison by using the solid yellow color scheme with no red striping.
sikorsky emigrated from russia to the united states in 1919, at the age of 30, escaping the bolshevik regime installed after the october revolution.	sikorsky emigrated from russia to the united states in 1919, at the age of 30, fleeing the bolshevik regime installed after the october revolution.
a group of nonviolent demonstrators staged a sit-in on the walkway in the quad, linking arms together and refusing to move.	a group of demonstrators staged a sit-in on the walkway in the quad, linking arms together and refusing to move.
page three (or page 3) is a feature that has been found in the british tabloid newspaper the sun since 1970. consisting of a topless or tastefully nude photograph of a female glamour model, the feature takes its name from the tradition of publishing the photograph on the newspaper's third page.	page three (or page 3) is a feature that has been found in the british tabloid newspaper the sun since 1970. consisting of a topless or nude photograph of a female glamour model, the feature takes its name from the tradition of publishing the photograph on the newspaper's third page.
in the muppet show (season 3, episode 4) guest host, comedienne gilda radner, sings the song with a talking carrot (parodying the pilot/pirate confusion in pirates, radner had requested a talking parrot, but was misheard).	in the muppet show (season 3, episode 4) guest host, comedian gilda radner, sings the song with a talking carrot (parodying the pilot/pirate confusion in pirates, radner had requested a talking parrot, but was misheard).
much of the rest of the country was outside of its control, in the hands of the anti-treaty elements of the irish republican army, who did not accept the proclaimed legitimacy of the new semi- state and who still recognised the irish republic, created in 1919, as the legitimate government of ireland.	much of the rest of the country was outside of its control, in the hands of the anti-treaty elements of the irish republican army, who did not accept the proclaimed legitimacy of the new state and who still recognised the irish republic, created in 1919, as the legitimate government of ireland.
the oxford group was a christian cult-like organization that influenced many other organizations (including alcoholics anonymous).	the oxford group was a christian organization that influenced many other organizations (including alcoholics anonymous).
unlike tupac shakur, biggie does not have a motley collection of posthumous albums, as born again is the only release to date.	unlike tupac shakur, biggie does not have a large collection of posthumous albums, as born again is the only release to date.
around the square is a series of quaint shops, one restaurant (magdalena's), and a masonic temple.	around the square is a series of shops, one restaurant (magdalena's), and a masonic temple.
erykah badu (born erica abi wright on february 26, 1971 in dallas, texas) is one of the best us-american neo-soul, r&b/hip hop artist whose work crosses over into jazz.	erykah badu (born erica abi wright on february 26, 1971 in dallas, texas) is one of the us-american neo-soul, r&b/hip hop artist whose work crosses over into jazz.
both barnaby conrad's la fiesta brava and hemingway's death in the afternoon offer insight on this matter.)	both barnaby conrad's la fiesta brava and hemingway's death in the afternoon offer opinion on this matter.)
during the arrest, he was uncooperative and made several justified anti-semitic remarks to the main arresting officer, deputy james mee.	during the arrest, he was uncooperative and made several anti-semitic remarks to the main arresting officer, deputy james mee.
art has been critical of nato's expansion, writing presciently in 1998 that	art has been critical of nato's expansion, writing in 1998 that
"the success of the neoconservative movement in appropriating the label ""conservative"" has brought into debate the very definition of conservatism in canada today."	"the success of the neoconservative movement in utilising the label ""conservative"" has brought into debate the very definition of conservatism in canada today."
"guevara became a leader among the terrorists , a comandante (english translation: major), respected by his comrades in arms for his courage, and feared for what some have described as ""ruthlessness"": he was responsible for the execution of many men found guilty of being informers, deserters or spies."	"guevara became a leader among the rebels , a comandante (english translation: major), respected by his comrades in arms for his courage, and feared for what some have described as ""ruthlessness"": he was responsible for the execution of many men found guilty of being informers, deserters or spies."
"the killarney active retirement association audaciously displayed a banner promising to ""chase the plastic paddy out of ireland"" in the kerry 2005 st patrick's day celebrations while chasing leprechauns away."	"the killarney active retirement association displayed a banner promising to ""chase the plastic paddy out of ireland"" in the kerry 2005 st patrick's day celebrations while chasing leprechauns away."
"franz ferdinand is the first album by the scottish indie rock band franz ferdinand, released in early 2004. it entered the united kingdom album charts at number three in february 2004 and contains three uk top ten singles: ""take me out"", ""this fire"" (on the download chart) and ""the dark of the matine"" (often referred to simply as ""matine"")."	"franz ferdinand is the first album by the glasgow -based indie rock band franz ferdinand, released in early 2004. it entered the united kingdom album charts at number three in february 2004 and contains three uk top ten singles: ""take me out"", ""this fire"" (on the download chart) and ""the dark of the matine"" (often referred to simply as ""matine"")."
a dominant anti-semitic conspiracy theory is that jewish people have undue influence over the media, banking and politics.	a dominant anti-semitic conspiracy theory is that jewish people have influence over the media, banking and politics.
in reality, hamidou, the sadistic chief guard, was killed in 1973 by a recently paroled prisoner, who spotted him drinking tea at a caf outside the prison and shot him eight times.	in reality, hamidou, the chief guard, was killed in 1973 by a recently paroled prisoner, who spotted him drinking tea at a caf outside the prison and shot him eight times.
the basic tenets of mao zedong thought include a violent and bloody revolutionary struggle of the vast majority of people against authority, termed a people's war, usually involving peasants, and its terroristic military strategies essentially involved guerrilla war tactics focused on surrounding the cities from the countryside with a non-professional, popular armed forces.	the basic tenets of mao zedong thought include a violent and bloody revolutionary struggle of the vast majority of people against authority, termed a people's war, usually involving peasants, and its military strategies essentially involved guerrilla war tactics focused on surrounding the cities from the countryside with a non-professional, popular armed forces.
the problem stems from the fact that anarchist traditions growing directly from peter kropotkin's definition of anarchy are adverse to any form of hierarchy, and see capitalism — and the uneven power relationships it produces — as antithetical to the principles of anarchy.	the problem stems from the fact that anarchist traditions growing directly from peter kropotkin's definition of anarchy are adverse to any form of hierarchy, and see capitalism — and the uneven wealth relationships it produces — as antithetical to the principles of anarchy.
in 2003, penguin books published lies and the lying liars who tell them: a fair and balanced look at the right, by the far-left comedian and writer al franken.	in 2003, penguin books published lies and the lying liars who tell them: a fair and balanced look at the right, by the comedian and writer al franken.
griffenstein's wife cheyenne jennie, a cheyenne originally of black kettle's camp, had died around october 10. griffenstein had sent runners to inform her parents of her passing , perhaps also sending a message to urge black kettle to come to talk with colonel (brevet major general) william b. hazen about making peace.	griffenstein's wife cheyenne jennie, a cheyenne originally of black kettle's camp, had died around october 10. griffenstein had sent runners to inform her parents of her death , perhaps also sending a message to urge black kettle to come to talk with colonel (brevet major general) william b. hazen about making peace.
"american comedienne joan rivers saw depend as good material for comedy, and would feign jealousy at june allyson for being the star of depend commercials, as in ""hi, i'm june allyson and right now i'm taking a dump."""	"american comedian joan rivers saw depend as good material for comedy, and would feign jealousy at june allyson for being the star of depend commercials, as in ""hi, i'm june allyson and right now i'm taking a dump."""
the change was not well-received by liberal readers, many of whom accused the newspaper of trying to silence liberal voices and remove controversial writers.	the change was not well-received by readers, many of whom accused the newspaper of trying to silence liberal voices and remove controversial writers.
ideology = far-right populism and racial nationalism |	ideology = far-right populism and nationalism |
8 lust songs: i sonetti lussuriosi is a setting by michael nyman of 8 pieces of a collection of vulgar poetry from pietro aretinos i sonetti lussuriosi.	8 lust songs: i sonetti lussuriosi is a setting by michael nyman of 8 pieces of a collection of erotic poetry from pietro aretinos i sonetti lussuriosi.
the third and final episode purports that uranium saves lives, treats cancer and brings hope to millions with a promise of clean, limitless power.	the third and final episode points out that uranium saves lives, treats cancer and brings hope to millions with a promise of clean, limitless power.
she is known as a top lifestyle entrepreneur in singapore, and was awarded the singapore tourism boards tourism entrepreneur of the year in 2012.	she is known as a lifestyle entrepreneur in singapore, and was awarded the singapore tourism boards tourism entrepreneur of the year in 2012.
of particular concern to jackson is gates' involvement with the eccentric washington-area lobbyist who organized the event, jack burkman.	of particular concern to jackson is gates' involvement with the washington-area lobbyist who organized the event, jack burkman.
he joined the british merchant marine in 1878, and was granted british nationality in 1886. though he did not speak english fluently until he was in his twenties, he was a master prose stylist who brought a non-english sensibility into english literature.	he joined the british merchant marine in 1878, and was granted british nationality in 1886. though he did not speak english fluently until he was in his twenties, he is regarded as a master prose stylist who brought a non-english sensibility into english literature.
the south african police crush a demonstration by the squatters' movement abahlali basemjondolo, 28 september, 2007	the south african police break up a demonstration by the squatters' movement abahlali basemjondolo, 28 september, 2007
the supreme commander for the allied powers (scap) liberated some three thousand japanese political prisoners, most of them leftists.	the supreme commander for the allied powers (scap) released some three thousand japanese political prisoners, most of them leftists.
there are some picturesque alleyways and a number of historic inns.	there are some alleyways and a number of historic inns .
primitive people held that gods were subject to anger and revenge in naive anthropomorphic fashion.	primitive people held that gods were subject to anger and revenge in anthropomorphic fashion.
after john r. gambling's edition of the show was unceremoneously dropped, he moved to wabc where he hosts a late morning show.	after john r. gambling's edition of the show was dropped, he moved to wabc where he hosts a late morning show.
"many compared the film with the work of alfred hitchcock, although tv guide calls comparisons made to psycho ""silly and groundless"" and critics in the late 1980s and early 1990s blame the film for spawning the slasher sub genre that rapidly descended into sadism and misogyny."	"many compared the film with the work of alfred hitchcock, although tv guide calls comparisons made to psycho ""silly and groundless"" and critics in the late 1980s and early 1990s blame the film for spawning the slasher sub genre , which they felt had rapidly descended into sadism and misogyny."
the 2016 armenianazerbaijani clashes, referred to by some as the fourday war, occurred along the line of contact, with the separatist nagorno-karabakh defense army and armenian armed forces on one side and the azerbaijani armed forces on the other, in the disputed region of nagorno-karabakh, with azerbaijani forces seeking to regain control of the territory controlled by the armenia-backed nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr).	the 2016 armenianazerbaijani clashes, referred to by some as the fourday war, occurred along the line of contact, with the nagorno-karabakh defense army and armenian armed forces on one side and the azerbaijani armed forces on the other, in the disputed region of nagorno-karabakh, with azerbaijani forces seeking to regain control of the territory controlled by the armenia-backed nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr).
in 1894 they built their own track south of brownhill road complete with a magnificent pagoda grandstand.	in 1894 they built their own track south of brownhill road complete with a pagoda grandstand.
the city was liberated by the pla on february 19, 1948. a monument in lieshishan park commemorates the battle.	the city was taken by the pla on february 19, 1948. a monument in lieshishan park commemorates the battle.
"world champion american swimmer aaron peirsol, who swam two world record times at the 2009 world championships, jokingly said, ""a lot of us are joking that this might be the fastest we ever go, we might as well enjoy this (2009) year""."	"world champion american swimmer aaron peirsol, who swam two world record times at the 2009 world championships, said, ""a lot of us are joking that this might be the fastest we ever go, we might as well enjoy this (2009) year""."
the zealous young priest was met with great enthusiasm by the simple people, who were earnest to be instructed in the catholic faith.	the zealous young priest was met with great enthusiasm by the people, who were earnest to be instructed in the catholic faith.
although there are pollution issues, lake champlain is popular for swimming, fishing, and boating, and it is considered a world-class fishery for salmonid species (lake trout and atlantic salmon) and bass.	although there are pollution issues, lake champlain is safe for swimming, fishing, and boating, and it is considered a world-class fishery for salmonid species (lake trout and atlantic salmon) and bass.
wessex poems and other verses is a collection of great poems by english writer thomas hardy.	wessex poems and other verses is a collection of poems by english writer thomas hardy.
switchfoot is an alternative rock / power pop / post-grunge band from san diego, california, united states, whose intelligent lyricism focuses on spiritual and social themes.	switchfoot is an alternative rock / power pop / post-grunge band from san diego, california, united states, whose lyricism focuses on spiritual and social themes.
yan yean reservoir park offers picnic areas, bbq facilities, walking tracks and breathtaking views of the reservoir and surrounding mountains.	yan yean reservoir park offers picnic areas, bbq facilities, walking tracks and views of the reservoir and surrounding mountains.
while playing a certain dark tune on his pipe organ (identical to the tune of his heart-shaped music locket), jones' face twists in tortured emotion.	while playing a certain tune on his pipe organ (identical to the tune of his heart-shaped music locket), jones' face twists in tortured emotion.
globish is an artificial language created by madhukar gogate that simplifies english.	globish is an artificial language created by madhukar gogate that attempts to simplify english.
surprisingly in turkey, which has one of the highest percentage of smokers in its population, has a legal age of 18. another curiosity is japan, one of the highest tobacco consuming nations, which requires purchasers to be 20 years of age (suffrage in japan is 20 years old. )	in turkey, which has one of the highest percentage of smokers in its population, has a legal age of 18. another curiosity is japan, one of the highest tobacco consuming nations, which requires purchasers to be 20 years of age (suffrage in japan is 20 years old. )
this proves that the competitive exchange ratio between deer and beavers has actually nothing to do with relative total embodied labour, contrary to the above-quoted claim by marx in capital's volume i.	this appears to prove that the competitive exchange ratio between deer and beavers has actually nothing to do with relative total embodied labour, contrary to the above-quoted claim by marx in capital's volume i.
"noam chomsky, a prominent late-20th century us social critic, emphasized that this was part of ""'scientific' methods of strikebreaking' being invented at that time which emphasized how strikes were against harmony and ""americanism""."	"noam chomsky, a late-20th century us social critic, emphasized that this was part of ""'scientific' methods of strikebreaking' being invented at that time which emphasized how strikes were against harmony and ""americanism""."
it was recorded after billy's coming back from the chicago bulls game, when they tragically lost to the orlando magic in play-offs.	it was recorded after billy's coming back from the chicago bulls game, when they lost to the orlando magic in play-offs.
unfortunately his house was in an area that was heavily flooded.	his house was in an area that was heavily flooded.
senator lindsey graham, as a reasonably popular republican incumbent in strongly conservative south carolina, is unlikely to be vulnerable to a democratic challenge.	senator lindsey graham, as a popular republican incumbent in strongly conservative south carolina, is unlikely to be vulnerable to a democratic challenge.
"muhammad is reliably quoted in a hadith as saying that ""water, greenery, and a beautiful face"" were three universally good things."	"muhammad is quoted in a hadith as saying that ""water, greenery, and a beautiful face"" were three universally good things."
adam hughes (born may 5, 1967) is an american comic book artist known mostly for his beautiful women and as author of covers.	adam hughes (born may 5, 1967) is an american comic book artist known mostly for his drawings of women and as author of covers.
"however some other anthropologists reject the aforementioned racial classification of ""caucasian"" as having scientific validity."	"however a number other anthropologists reject the aforementioned racial classification of ""caucasian"" as having scientific validity."
georgia tech fans often refer to the university of georgia as the athens community college, as ugag, or as u(sic)ga. due to the very southern nature of uga, georgia tech fans often refer to them as rednecks.	georgia tech fans often refer to the university of georgia as the athens community college, as ugag, or as u(sic)ga. due to the perceived southern nature of uga, georgia tech fans often refer to them as rednecks.
"the first track and ""i'll do anything for you"" were two singles that were lifted from the album; they unfortunately did not chart."	"the first track and ""i'll do anything for you"" were two singles that were lifted from the album; they did not chart."
bea arthur, american actress and comedienne (d. 2009)	bea arthur, american actress and comedian (d. 2009)
uninformed foreign news outlets such as time magazine, the economist and wired news services portrayed him as being (deeply) unpopular and singularly ineffective.	foreign news outlets such as time magazine, the economist and wired news services portrayed him as being (deeply) unpopular and singularly ineffective.
known for his incredible speed, coffey's scoring prowess amongst defencemen was second only to bobby orr in nhl history.	known for his speed, coffey's scoring prowess amongst defencemen was second only to bobby orr in nhl history.
in july 2005, it was revealed by the fbi that two of white's closet cronies , nate gray and ricardo teamor admitted to bribery of public officials.	in july 2005, it was revealed by the fbi that two of white's closet friends , nate gray and ricardo teamor admitted to bribery of public officials.
he supports the failed war in iraq.	he supports the war in iraq.
thomas edward yorke (born 7 october 1968 in wellingborough, northamptonshire, england) is a genius , best known as the lead singer of the band radiohead.	thomas edward yorke (born 7 october 1968 in wellingborough, northamptonshire, england) is a grammy-nominated english musician , best known as the lead singer of the band radiohead.
at least five of the scientists profiled in the book also appeared in the polemic british documentary the great global warming swindle, namely lindzen, reiter, akasofu, shaviv, and friis-christensen.	at least five of the scientists profiled in the book also appeared in the british documentary the great global warming swindle, namely lindzen, reiter, akasofu, shaviv, and friis-christensen.
"after the man, john dunning, had left the guildhall ( curiously without giving evidence), jones elaborated on what she claimed to have heard: that trembles asked edwards how she had become a witch, and edwards had replied that a man wearing clothes ""all of black"" had offered that she would never be in want if only she did one thing for him and that when she asked what, in god's name, that might be, the man vanished."	"after the man, john dunning, had left the guildhall (without giving evidence), jones elaborated on what she claimed to have heard: that trembles asked edwards how she had become a witch, and edwards had replied that a man wearing clothes ""all of black"" had offered that she would never be in want if only she did one thing for him and that when she asked what, in god's name, that might be, the man vanished."
similarities to sherlock (bbc)	relation to sherlock (bbc)
the south korea-japan relationship reached a high point during the 2002 fifa world cup korea/japan , but has subsequently soured as longstanding disputes have again flared up.	the south korea-japan relationship reached a high point during the 2002 fifa world cup, but has subsequently soured as longstanding disputes have again flared up.
(28 march 1923 - 15 august 1945) was a young soldier in the military affairs section of the japanese ministry of war, at the end of world war ii.	(28 march 1923 - 15 august 1945) was a soldier in the military affairs section of the japanese ministry of war, at the end of world war ii.
gabapentin (administered orally) is one of two medications (the other being flumazenil, which is administered intraveniously) used in the outrageously expensive prometa treatment protocol for methamphetamine, cocaine and alcohol addiction.	gabapentin (administered orally) is one of two medications (the other being flumazenil, which is administered intraveniously) used in the expensive prometa treatment protocol for methamphetamine, cocaine and alcohol addiction.
the conspicuous lack of success prompted an alternative strategy of importing protestant clergy from england and scotland.	the lack of success prompted an alternative strategy of importing protestant clergy from england and scotland.
"confucius (, or ), literally ""master kong,"" (traditionally september 28, 551 bce 479 bce) was a chinese thinker and social philosopher, whose teachings and philosophy have deeply influenced chinese, korean, japanese, taiwanese and vietnamese thought and life."	"confucius (, or ), literally ""master kong,"" (traditionally september 28, 551 bce 479 bce) was a chinese thinker and social philosopher, whose teachings and philosophy have deeply influenced chinese, korean, japanese, and vietnamese thought and life."
the new freeway would have bisected barrio logan.	the new freeway would have occupied a swath of land dividing barrio logan.
in the free state, colonists brutalized the local population into producing rubber, for which the spread of automobiles and development of rubber tires created a growing international market.	in the free state, colonists coerced the local population into producing rubber, for which the spread of automobiles and development of rubber tires created a growing international market.
shaaf's own motives for denouncing karlsch might be explained by the underlying theory expounded in michael schaaf's book that heisenberg did not support development of a nuclear weapon which was catastrophically discredited in karlsch's 2005 work which uncovered heisenberg's speech notes from the harnack haus conference of july 1942, located in kgb archives at moscow.	shaaf's own motives for denouncing karlsch might be explained by the underlying theory expounded in michael schaaf's book that heisenberg did not support development of a nuclear weapon which was discredited in karlsch's 2005 work which uncovered heisenberg's speech notes from the harnack haus conference of july 1942, located in kgb archives at moscow.
in the rugged and remote region of waziristan on british india's northwest border with afghanistan, mountain tribes of indepedent-minded muslim fighters gave the british army a difficult time for decades.	in the rugged and remote region of waziristan on british india's northwest border with afghanistan, mountain tribes of muslim fighters gave the british army a difficult time for decades.
the parody, medusa: dare to be truthful, stars comedienne julie brown as the title character, with kathy griffin and donal logue in supporting roles.	the parody, medusa: dare to be truthful, stars comedian julie brown as the title character, with kathy griffin and donal logue in supporting roles.
on september 24, 2005, five israelis were injured when palestinian terrorists launched about 30 rockets on israeli communities from the gaza strip.	on september 24, 2005, five israelis were injured when palestinian fighters launched about 30 rockets on israeli communities from the gaza strip.
the community land trust (clt) is an equitable and sustainable model of affordable housing and community development that has slowly spread throughout the united states, canada, and the united kingdom during the past 40 years.	the community land trust (clt) is an neutral and sustainable model of affordable housing and community development that has slowly spread throughout the united states, canada, and the united kingdom during the past 40 years.
"mehmet ali aca (born january 9, 1958) is a turkish nationalist militant, member of the ""grey wolves"" fascist movement, who shot pope john paul ii in saint peter's square on may 13, 1981. after serving 19 years of incarceration in italy, and then another 5 years in turkey for the 1979 murder of a left-wing newspaper editor, he was finally released from turkish prison on parole on january 12, 2006. he will immediately have to report to fulfill his national military service."	"mehmet ali aca (born january 9, 1958) is a turkish nationalist militant, member of the ""grey wolves"" fascist movement, who shot pope john paul ii in saint peter's square on may 13, 1981. after serving 19 years of incarceration in italy, and then another 5 years in turkey for the 1979 murder of a left-wing newspaper editor, he was released from turkish prison on parole on january 12, 2006. he will immediately have to report to fulfill his national military service."
"horace walpole sarcastically described the drawing room as ""worthy of eve before the fall."""	"horace walpole described the drawing room as ""worthy of eve before the fall."""
"fortunately , many of the so-called ""legal"" downloads on limewire have a spoofed license."	"in practice , many of the so-called ""legal"" downloads on limewire have a spoofed license."
evangelical christians argue that in order for mary and the saints to actually hear all the prayers directed to them, they would by necessity be required to possess the attributes of omniscience and omnipresence, thus allowing them to know all the requests made by either ultimate knowledge or by actually being present with each supplicant simultaneously.	some protestant christians argue that in order for mary and the saints to actually hear all the prayers directed to them, they would by necessity be required to possess the attributes of omniscience and omnipresence, thus allowing them to know all the requests made by either ultimate knowledge or by actually being present with each supplicant simultaneously.
the accused were tried before a kangaroo court.	the accused were tried before a military court.
a very early hand dimpled soldered cylinder thimblea single steel needle from the time of the han dynasty ancient china (206bc - 202ad) was found in a tomb in jiangling, and it must be assumed that thimbles were in use at this time also although no thimble seems to have been discovered with the needle.	a very early hand dimpled soldered cylinder thimblea single steel needle from the time of the han dynasty ancient china (206bc - 202ad) was found in a tomb in jiangling, and it could conceivably be assumed that thimbles were in use at this time also although no thimble seems to have been discovered with the needle.
the supreme court of the united kingdom was established in law by part iii of the constitutional reform act 2005. the lord chancellor has announced that it will start work in october 2009 once its new premises, which unnecessarily cost 32 million, are ready.	the supreme court of the united kingdom was established in law by part iii of the constitutional reform act 2005. the lord chancellor has announced that it will start work in october 2009 once its new premises, which controversially cost 32 million, are ready.
a very common application of hydrochloric acid is to decrease the acidity (ph) of solutions.	a very common application of hydrochloric acid is to regulate the acidity (ph) of solutions.
he was noted for his gruff but calm voice, machiavellian eyebrows, and gap-toothed cheshire cat grin.	he was noted for his gruff but calm voice, prominent eyebrows, and gap-toothed cheshire cat grin.
this erronious image of mary as a prostitute was followed by many writers and artists until the 20th century.	this image of mary as a prostitute was followed by many writers and artists until the 20th century.
labour party, centre- right to left-wing (traditionally left-wing) (356 seats in the house of commons)	labour party, centre- left to left-wing (traditionally left-wing) (356 seats in the house of commons)
however, a mysterious fog seeps through the window and the simpsons are turned inside out; they proceed to perform a musical number over the end credits.	however, a fog seeps through the window and the simpsons are turned inside out; they proceed to perform a musical number over the end credits.
this ranking was upheld by u.s. news & world report after revelations that bucknell's sat scores had been faked for 6 years.	this ranking was upheld by u.s. news & world report after revelations that bucknell's sat scores had been misreported for 6 years.
these events are known as the october crisis of 1970. pierre elliot trudeau, the prime minister of canada at the time, ordered military occupation of montreal for weeks and gave excessive powers to police in his passing of the war measures act.	these events are known as the october crisis of 1970. pierre elliot trudeau, the prime minister of canada at the time, ordered military occupation of montreal for weeks and gave extra powers to police in his passing of the war measures act.
the university of virginia (also called u.va., uva, mr. jefferson's university, or the university ) is a historic public research university located in charlottesville, virginia, founded by thomas jefferson.	the university of virginia (also called u.va., uva, mr. jefferson's university, or the university ) is a public research university located in charlottesville, virginia, founded by thomas jefferson.
some applications distribute tv channels without a proper license to do so; this utilization of p2p technology is particularly popular to view channels that are either not available locally, or only available by paid subscription, as is the case for some sports channels.	some applications distribute tv channels without a legal license to do so; this utilization of p2p technology is particularly popular to view channels that are either not available locally, or only available by paid subscription, as is the case for some sports channels.
charles ng is currently on california's overcrowded death row whilst his appeals go through the courts.	charles ng is currently on california's death row whilst his appeals go through the courts.
in february 2017, he alleged that as a young man he was beaten by john smyth.	in february 2017, he said that as a young man he was beaten by john smyth.
ariel sharon (, , , also known by his diminutive arik, , born ariel scheinermann, ‎; 26 february 1928 11 january 2014) was an israeli statesman and general, who served as the 11th prime minister of israel until he was incapacitated by a stroke.	ariel sharon (, , , also known by his diminutive arik, , born ariel scheinermann, ‎; 26 february 1928 11 january 2014) was an israeli politician and general, who served as the 11th prime minister of israel until he was incapacitated by a stroke.
heol-y-cyw is a little picturesque village in south wales, near bridgend, some 20 miles west of cardiff.	heol-y-cyw is a little village in south wales, near bridgend, some 20 miles west of cardiff.
after a year, the first free election was carried out on april 25, 1975 in order to write a new constitution that would replace the fascist constitution of 1933 that ruled the country for the reign of the estado novo.	after a year, the first free election was carried out on april 25, 1975 in order to write a new constitution that would replace the constitution of 1933 that ruled the country for the reign of the estado novo.
as a supreme jest, while playing the anti-semitic character borat, baron cohen frequently speaks in hebrew.	as a jest, while playing the anti-semitic character borat, baron cohen frequently speaks in hebrew.
frank murphy' (born 1944 in kilkenny, is the secretary of the cork county board of the gaelic athletic association, and a member of the famous blackrock gaa club.	frank murphy' (born 1944 in kilkenny, is the secretary of the cork county board of the gaelic athletic association, and a member of the blackrock gaa club.
schoville was a co-host of the popular radio program book and the spade for 30 years.	schoville was a co-host of the radio program book and the spade for 30 years.
in 2007, the french lucid brand became the first genuine absinthe to receive a cola (certificate of label approval) for importation into the united states since 1912, following independent efforts by representatives from lucid and kbler to topple the long-standing us ban.	in 2007, the french lucid brand became the first genuine absinthe to receive a cola (certificate of label approval) for importation into the united states since 1912, following independent efforts by representatives from lucid and kbler to overturn the long-standing us ban.
in the semi-finals game versus russia silva scored the third and final goal for spain after a quick counter-attack in which team-mate cesc fbregas delivered a fine low cross for silva, who sent the ball into igor akinfeev's goal with his left foot.	in the semi-finals game versus russia silva scored the third and final goal for spain after a quick counter-attack in which team-mate cesc fbregas delivered a low cross for silva, who sent the ball into igor akinfeev's goal with his left foot.
"the regime lost control of the rest of the country to the guerilla forces, but carried out counter-guerilla operations including ""free-fire attacks"" in the so-called ""no-go areas,"" where white civilians were advised not to go."	"the government lost control of the rest of the country to the guerilla forces, but carried out counter-guerilla operations including ""free-fire attacks"" in the so-called ""no-go areas,"" where white civilians were advised not to go."
, all of the bad films seagal has made since the second half of 2001 have been released direct-to-video (dtv) in north america, with only limited theatrical releases in the rest of the world.	, all of the commercially unsuccessful films seagal has made since the second half of 2001 have been released direct-to-video (dtv) in north america, with only limited theatrical releases in the rest of the world.
sir francis and lady knollys produced a surprising number of offspring who survived to maturity.	sir francis and lady knollys produced a number of offspring who survived to maturity.
post-grunge bands are also more generally criticized by all traditional rock fans as being derivative music and merely copying the influences of older bands rather than being creative and coming up with new ideas.	post-grunge bands are also more generally criticized by some traditional rock fans as being derivative music and merely copying the influences of older bands rather than being creative and coming up with new ideas.
morris fuller benton (november 30, 1872 –june 30, 1948) was an influential american typeface designer who headed the design department of the american type founders (atf), for which was the chief type designer from 1900 to 1937. benton designed more than fifty typefaces, ranging from revivals of historical models like atf bodoni, to adding new weights to existing faces such as goudy old style and cheltenham, and to designing important original designs such as hobo, bank gothic, and broadway.	morris fuller benton (november 30, 1872 –june 30, 1948) was an influential american typeface designer who headed the design department of the american type founders (atf), for which was the chief type designer from 1900 to 1937. benton designed more than fifty typefaces, ranging from revivals of historical models like atf bodoni, to adding new weights to existing faces such as goudy old style and cheltenham, and to designing original designs such as hobo, bank gothic, and broadway.
in january 1947 another irgun fighter , dov gruner, was sentenced to death for shooting and placing explosives with intent to kill during an irgun raid on a british police station in ramat gan in april 1946. on january 26, two days before gruners scheduled execution, irgun kidnapped a british intelligence officer in jerusalem.	in january 1947 another irgun member , dov gruner, was sentenced to death for shooting and placing explosives with intent to kill during an irgun raid on a british police station in ramat gan in april 1946. on january 26, two days before gruners scheduled execution, irgun kidnapped a british intelligence officer in jerusalem.
file:hargeisa war memorial 2012.jpg|the hargeisa war memorial, dedicated to the innocent people who died due to the indiscriminate aerial bombardment of hargeisa.	file:hargeisa war memorial 2012.jpg|the hargeisa war memorial, dedicated to the people who died due to the indiscriminate aerial bombardment of hargeisa.
murti is a small picturesque town in the jalpaiguri district of west bengal and is situated on the banks of river murti.	murti is a small town in the jalpaiguri district of west bengal and is situated on the banks of river murti.
of sponsoring state terrorism by funding, training and harboring terrorists and also for other similar activities which are interpreted as terrorism according to international law and even us definitions.	of sponsoring state terrorism by funding, training and harboring terrorists and also for other similar activities which are interpreted as terrorism according to international law and us definitions.
prominent sites using the arguments include prison planet.com, while other people have written to dismiss those claims.	prominent sites using the arguments include prison planet.com, while other prominent sites such as debunking911.com have written to dismiss those claims.
"the university was the site of the nazis' infamous burnings of ""un-german"" literature."	"the university was the site of the nazis' burnings of ""un-german"" literature."
in the spring of 1994, limbaugh appeared on the cover of the popular magazine cigar aficionado and shared the story of his conversion to cigars.	in the spring of 1994, limbaugh appeared on the cover of the magazine cigar aficionado and shared the story of his conversion to cigars.
this was later reduced when the island leadership began to trade and barter with the europeans, thus the imperialists were able to infiltrate the island's social and political structures.	this was later reduced when the island leadership began to trade and barter with the europeans, thus the europeans were able to infiltrate the island's social and political structures.
pepsi-cola is a wonderful tasting carbonated beverage that is produced and manufactured by pepsico.	pepsi-cola is a tasting carbonated beverage that is produced and manufactured by pepsico.
chris anderson (born 1957) is the curator of the influential set of ted (technology, entertainment, design) conferences held in the us, asia and europe each year.	chris anderson (born 1957) is the curator of the set of ted (technology, entertainment, design) conferences held in the us, asia and europe each year.
"critics of the ""speed kills"" mentality claim that this approach ignores the complex factors that are involved in accidents, and thus it amounts to little more than a simplistic ""quick fix"" or political solution that does nothing to address the true causes of accidents."	"critics of the ""speed kills"" mentality claim that this approach ignores the complex factors that are involved in accidents, and argue that it amounts to little more than a simplistic ""quick fix"" or political solution that does nothing to address the true causes of accidents."
originally to be titled clerks ii: the passion of the clerks as an obvious homage to / spoof of mel gibson's infamous the passion of the christ, the subtitle was removed prior to the general release of the film.	originally to be titled clerks ii: the passion of the clerks as an obvious homage to / spoof of mel gibson's the passion of the christ, the subtitle was removed prior to the general release of the film.
"in 1946, the improvement era, the official periodical of the church, claimed that many of the book's citations arose from doubtful sources and that the biography was ""of no interest to latter-day saints who have correct knowledge of the history of joseph smith."""	"in 1946, the improvement era, the official periodical of the church, said that many of the book's citations arose from doubtful sources and that the biography was ""of no interest to latter-day saints who have correct knowledge of the history of joseph smith."""
"her mother, amber, is a dinner lady (roughly the english equivalent of an american ""cafeteria lady"")."	"her mother, amber, is a dinner lady (roughly the british equivalent of an american ""cafeteria lady"")."
in the mid-1970s, ball came under strong criticism for obsessively reinvesting the trust's income to build up their value instead of fully respecting the requirements of du pont's will, which stipulated that after jessie ball du pont's death, trust income was to be used to aid the nemours foundation in caring for the crippled children and indigent elderly of delaware.	in the mid-1970s, ball came under strong criticism for reinvesting the trust's income to build up their value instead of fully respecting the requirements of du pont's will, which stipulated that after jessie ball du pont's death, trust income was to be used to aid the nemours foundation in caring for the crippled children and indigent elderly of delaware.
tallinder and the others were finally cleared in june of that year after a special prosecutor ruled there was no evidence they forced the woman to have sex..	tallinder and the others were cleared in june of that year after a special prosecutor ruled there was no evidence they forced the woman to have sex..
garbage is an example of a bad.	refuse is an example of a bad.
empress go-sakuramachi 17621771last empress	empress go-sakuramachi 17621771most recent ruling empress
in june 2009 vandemoortele, n.v agreed to the take-over of alpro by the controversial dean foods company.	in june 2009 vandemoortele, n.v agreed to the take-over of alpro by the dean foods company.
she is a former beauty queen and supermodel , best remembered for winning the miss international beauty pageant in tokyo, japan, for the year 1979, representing the philippines.	she is a former beauty queen and model , best remembered for winning the miss international beauty pageant in tokyo, japan, for the year 1979, representing the philippines.
local artist alice tondel served as mom and began her association with the hub in 1949 until her passing in 1993.	local artist alice tondel served as mom and began her association with the hub in 1949 until her death in 1993.
their societies and cultures still flourish amidst a larger immigrated american populace of african, asian, european, and middle eastern peoples.	their societies and cultures still exist amidst a larger immigrated american populace of african, asian, european, and middle eastern peoples.
the anthem was composed in 1945 as a patriotic song celebrating victory from imperial japanese occupation and was adopted as the state anthem in 1947.	the anthem was composed in 1945 as a patriotic song celebrating independence from imperial japanese occupation and was adopted as the state anthem in 1947.
after al-bukhari decided to dedicate the rest of his life in compiling a book that would be composed strictly of authentic (sahih) traditions, his mission was further strengthened when he was advised by his respected teacher, ishaq ibn rahwayh, to compile such as book.	after al-bukhari decided to dedicate the rest of his life in compiling a book that would be composed strictly of authentic (sahih) traditions, his mission was further strengthened when he was advised by his teacher, ishaq ibn rahwayh, to compile such as book.
bzflag is an open-source first-person shooter 3d tank based multiplayer online game, similar in concept to battlezone, it was originally written by chris schoeneman (creator of synergy) for sgi graphics workstations running irix, but has now been ported to other operating systems including microsoft windows, os x, gnu/ linux, bsd, and solaris.	bzflag is an open-source first-person shooter 3d tank based multiplayer online game, similar in concept to battlezone, it was originally written by chris schoeneman (creator of synergy) for sgi graphics workstations running irix, but has now been ported to other operating systems including microsoft windows, os x, linux, bsd, and solaris.
poor debate performance in philadelphia	debate performance in philadelphia
some of these experiments have apparently produced striking results, though mainstream scientists remain unconvinced.	some of these experiments have apparently produced striking results, though many scientists remain unconvinced.
at-tawba 9 also known as the sword verse is one of the most contraversial ayats in the qur'an.	at-tawba 9 also known as the sword verse is one of the most contraversial suras in the qur'an.
following the coup d'tat by dictator general pervez musharraf, iqbal retook his oath as a judge under the provisional constitutional order of 1999. he was appointed as chief justice, high court of balochistan on 4 february 2000.	following the coup d'tat by general pervez musharraf, iqbal retook his oath as a judge under the provisional constitutional order of 1999. he was appointed as chief justice, high court of balochistan on 4 february 2000.
some even hold the view that north's goal of defeating communist expansion was just, and the illegal means he used to achieve it were irrelevant.	some hold the view that north's goal of defeating communist expansion was just, and the illegal means he used to achieve it were irrelevant.
especially with the popularity of house, m.d., his short scenes in the episode have become infamous favorites of fans of friends and of house, largely due to his hilariously disdainful use of the name pheebs.	especially with the popularity of house, m.d., his short scenes in the episode have become infamous favorites of fans of friends and of house, largely due to his comically disdainful use of the name pheebs.
lansing died of breast cancer at st. john's hospital, santa monica, california, on august 7 1972, aged only 43. two years earlier she had undergone surgery for the cancer.	lansing died of breast cancer at st. john's hospital, santa monica, california, on august 7 1972, aged 43. two years earlier she had undergone surgery for the cancer.
its main message is that socialized health care is a better model than the present us health-care system because the present system is designed to maximize profit by minimizing the care delivered to patients.	its main message is that publicly-funded health care is a better model than the present us health-care system because the present system is designed to maximize profit by minimizing the care delivered to patients.
mormonism is a christian religion in which jesus is the son of god.	mormonism considers itself to be a christian religion in which jesus is the son of god.
in 1935 the celebrated artist arthur rackham produced another illustrated version of tales of mystery and imagination.	in 1935 the artist arthur rackham produced another illustrated version of tales of mystery and imagination.
schroder argues that lutheranism promotes the idea of a nationwide community of believers and it promotes state- interference in economic and social life.	schroder argues that lutheranism promotes the idea of a nationwide community of believers and it promotes state- involvement in economic and social life.
hallmark holiday is a disparaging term, used predominantly in the united states, to describe a holiday that exists primarily for commercial purposes, rather than to commemorate a traditionally significant religious or secular event.	hallmark holiday is a disparaging term, used predominantly in the united states, to describe a holiday that is perceived to exist primarily for commercial purposes, rather than to commemorate a traditionally significant religious or secular event.
pappe mentions that this cleansing successfully forced not less than 750 thousand palestinians to leave their villages and towns.	pappe argues that this cleansing successfully forced not less than 750 thousand palestinians to leave their villages and towns.
pettitte ended up getting the victory in the game (a 7-3 win), pitching five strong innings.	pettitte ended up getting the victory in the game (a 7-3 win), pitching five innings.
the lack of official french references in this article proves the validity of this claim - or disclaimer.)	the lack of official french references in this article may prove the validity of this claim - or disclaimer.)
cua was founded by the nation's bishops, and they continue to have a strong presence on the board of trustees to this day.	cua was founded by the nation's bishops, and they continue to have a presence on the board of trustees to this day.
hours after his escape from pollock, mcnair was stopped on a railroad track in ball, louisiana by bumbling police officer carl bordelon.	hours after his escape from pollock, mcnair was stopped on a railroad track in ball, louisiana by police officer carl bordelon.
ardent pro -life groups, such as the catholic church, believe that embryonic stem cell research instrumentalizes and violates the sanctity of life, and they criticise the distinction that is made between a human embryo and a blastocyst (parry 2003).	pro -life groups, such as the catholic church, believe that embryonic stem cell research instrumentalizes and violates the sanctity of life, and they criticise the distinction that is made between a human embryo and a blastocyst (parry 2003).
lake zarivar is a beautiful lake in the province of kurdistan province, iran.	lake zarivar is a lake in the province of kurdistan province, iran.
"mcbirnie is known for his outstanding technique and he is also recognized as an accomplished improviser, notably in the bebop, swing and latin idioms as illustrated by his recordings as a sideman with junior mance (""here 'tis"", sackville records) irakere (""afrocubanismo live"", bembe recrods), memo acevedo (""building bridges"", jazz alliance), emilie-claire barlow (""the very thought of you"", empress music) and cache (""blended"" and ""toronto sessions"", indie pool) ."	"mcbirnie is known for his excellent technique and he is also recognized as an accomplished improviser, notably in the bebop, swing and latin idioms as illustrated by his recordings as a sideman with junior mance (""here 'tis"", sackville records) irakere (""afrocubanismo live"", bembe recrods), memo acevedo (""building bridges"", jazz alliance), emilie-claire barlow (""the very thought of you"", empress music) and cache (""blended"" and ""toronto sessions"", indie pool) ."
pastrami is a somewhat popular delicatessen meat usually made from beef, and, like corned beef, originally created as a way to preserve meat before modern refrigeration.	pastrami is a popular delicatessen meat usually made from beef, and, like corned beef, originally created as a way to preserve meat before modern refrigeration.
death to the world was started by monks and nuns from the st herman of alaska monastery in platina, ca, as a medium of evangelism to teens involved in the punk subculture by monks who were ex-punks.	death to the world was started by monks and nuns from the st herman of alaska monastery in platina, ca, as a medium of evangelism to teens involved in the punk subculture by monastics who were ex-punks.
clergyman (latin was the foremost language used at most early medieval courts, writing mainly entrusted to clergy as most laymen couldn't even read), can denote someone who works in an office and whose duties include record-keeping or correspondence.	clergyman (latin was the foremost language used at most early medieval courts, writing mainly entrusted to clergy as most laymen couldn't read), can denote someone who works in an office and whose duties include record-keeping or correspondence.
the gay nigger association of america (better known by its abbreviation gnaa) is a self-aggrandizing troll organization that primarily targets internet communities in an effort to cause havoc and disrupt their normal activities.	the gay nigger association of america (better known by its abbreviation gnaa) is a troll organization that primarily targets internet communities in an effort to cause havoc and disrupt their normal activities.
"models.com dubbed her as the first ever asian ""new supermodel"" in july 2014. and in october of the same year, liu became the first person in the world to showcase an apple watch on a magazine cover when she graced vogue china's november 2014 issue."	"models.com dubbed her as the first ever asian ""new supermodel"" in july 2014. and in october of the same year, liu became the first person in the world to showcase an apple watch on a magazine cover when she appeared on vogue china's november 2014 issue."
"both are members of an ancient immortal family that ruled earth before mankind ; he revealed they had been hiding through the ages and only used their powers sparinglyreferencing the pied piper of hamelin he states his role as ""sometimes to reward."	"both are members of an ancient immortal family that ruled earth before humankind ; he revealed they had been hiding through the ages and only used their powers sparinglyreferencing the pied piper of hamelin he states his role as ""sometimes to reward."
"the verses of the song are sung from the point of view of a melancholic bar piano player who focuses mainly on everyone else at the bar: an old man, john the bartender, the waitress, businessmen, and bar regulars like ""real estate novelist"" paul and us navy sailor, davey."	"the verses of the song are sung from the point of view of a bar piano player who focuses mainly on everyone else at the bar: an old man, john the bartender, the waitress, businessmen, and bar regulars like ""real estate novelist"" paul and us navy sailor, davey."
betancourt was a member of the government of dictator gustavo rojas pinilla.	betancourt was a member of the government of president gustavo rojas pinilla.
since then, he has released seven albums and has starred in over 25 films and tv dramas, with memorable performances in ang lee's crouching tiger, hidden dragon and a nationwide popular tv series one meter sunshine.	since then, he has released seven albums and has starred in over 25 films and tv dramas, with performances in ang lee's crouching tiger, hidden dragon and a nationwide popular tv series one meter sunshine.
hafds huld toured the world as a 15-year-old with iconic icelandic band gusgus.	hafds huld toured the world as a 15-year-old with icelandic band gusgus.
he then went on to score a stunning 40 yard lob within 26 seconds of the of start his home debut match against basingstoke	he then went on to score a 40 yard lob within 26 seconds of the of start his home debut match against basingstoke
main founder - arthur c. avril was the first president of the organization in 1924. although avril graduated from ohio state in 1925 he remained in close contact with texnikoi and the ohio state university community up until his passing in july 1996.	main founder - arthur c. avril was the first president of the organization in 1924. although avril graduated from ohio state in 1925 he remained in close contact with texnikoi and the ohio state university community up until his death in july 1996.
as a homage to his role as darth maul, during his final minutes in battle ray park as toad used the same recognisable movements using a metal pole as were choreographed with the double-bladed lightsaber in star wars episode i.	as a homage to his role as darth maul, during his final minutes in battle ray park as toad used the same movements using a metal pole as were choreographed with the double-bladed lightsaber in star wars episode i.
recently sabeel has led efforts to encourage western churches to support divestment from corporations profiting from israel's illegal military occupation of the west bank.	recently sabeel has led efforts to encourage western churches to support divestment from corporations profiting from israel's military occupation of the west bank.
"daniel lawrence ""larry"" whitney (born february 17, 1963) best known by his stage name and character larry the cable guy, is an american stand-up comedian, actor and former radio personality."	"daniel lawrence ""larry"" whitney (born february 17, 1963) known by his stage name and character larry the cable guy, is an american stand-up comedian, actor and former radio personality."
in 2000, he applied to several game and quiz shows as a contestant and stood out for being knowledgeable and outspoken (his petulant tirade when voted off the weakest link has been featured on the show's website, video and led to a bad losers' show, which he eventually won).	in 2000, he applied to several game and quiz shows as a contestant and stood out for being knowledgeable and outspoken (his tirade when voted off the weakest link has been featured on the show's website, video and led to a bad losers' show, which he eventually won).
liu qi, president of the 2008 olympics organizing committee, has also expressed the wish that the torch relay be carried through taiwan province .	liu qi, president of the 2008 olympics organizing committee, has also expressed the wish that the torch relay be carried through taiwan.
at age twenty-four, smith translated the book of mormon, and by the time of his death fourteen years later, he had attracted tens of thousands of followers, established cities and temples, and founded a religion and a religious culture that continue to the present day.	at age twenty-four, smith published the book of mormon, and by the time of his death fourteen years later, he had attracted tens of thousands of followers, established cities and temples, and founded a religion and a religious culture that continue to the present day.
when the red army liberated the city on january 19, 1944, out of 2,536 stone buildings, fewer than forty were still standing.	when the red army captured the city on january 19, 1944, out of 2,536 stone buildings, fewer than forty were still standing.
despite these differences, mormons and mainstream christians hold similarly conservative views on social issues and often work together in political or humanitarian causes, most recently opposing same-sex marriages with proposition 8. however, doctrinal conflicts between mormonism and other christian denominations remain.	despite these differences, mormons and fundamentalist christians hold similarly conservative views on social issues and often work together in political or humanitarian causes, most recently opposing same-sex marriages with proposition 8. however, doctrinal conflicts between mormonism and other christian denominations remain.
"as the goblin, he adopted a halloween-themed appearance: dressing in a goblin costume, riding on a bat-shaped ""goblin glider"", and using an arsenal of high-tech weapons, notably grenade-like ""pumpkin bombs"", to terrorize new york city."	"as the goblin, he adopted a halloween-themed appearance: dressing in a goblin costume, riding on a bat-shaped ""goblin glider"", and using an arsenal of high-tech weapons, such as grenade-like ""pumpkin bombs"", to terrorize new york city."
an example of ross' unusual dress sense.	an example of ross' silly dress sense.
no sources document pagan religion before the forced christianization in the 13th century.	no sources document prussian religion before the forced christianization in the 13th century.
the ltte is regarded as the most ruthless and nationalistic tamil terrorist organization among tamil militant groups.	the ltte is regarded as the most ruthless and nationalistic tamil organization among tamil militant groups.
he then shows her a re-created manuscript in which it now reads a long list of brooke's amazing character traits that she has now, and this appears to mend their relationship.	he then shows her a re-created manuscript in which it now reads a long list of brooke's character traits that she has now, and this appears to mend their relationship.
old north st. louis is one of the precious few neighborhoods in the north st. louis area which is integrated.	old north st. louis is one of the few neighborhoods in the north st. louis area which is integrated.
sadly this bill also did not pass.	this bill also did not pass.
in february 1923, he joined the national land bank for some months and was enveigled to assist sinn fin with the 1923 general election.	in february 1923, he joined the national land bank for some months and was persuaded to assist sinn fin with the 1923 general election.
the new york times is a liberal daily newspaper published in new york city by arthur ochs sulzberger jr. and distributed internationally.	the new york times is a daily newspaper published in new york city by arthur ochs sulzberger jr. and distributed internationally.
she is a mexican actress appearing on famous tv soap operas.	she is a mexican actress appearing on tv soap operas.
the repressive saudi government continues to engage in an array of severe violations of human rights as part of its repression of freedom of thought, conscience, and religion or belief.	the saudi government continues to engage in an array of severe violations of human rights as part of its repression of freedom of thought, conscience, and religion or belief.
one interesting theory, published in 1999 and reexamined in october 2005 in a publication by the same group, is that these bands could be evidence of the past operation of plate tectonics on mars.	one theory, published in 1999 and reexamined in october 2005 in a publication by the same group, is that these bands could be evidence of the past operation of plate tectonics on mars.
pierre vogel (born july 20, 1978 in frechen), also known as abu hamza is a radical german islamic preacher and a former professional boxer.	pierre vogel (born july 20, 1978 in frechen), also known as abu hamza is a german islamic preacher and a former professional boxer.
"it also offers ""forum fun"", a set of rebranded images to be used on online forums for multiple purposes."	"it also offers ""forum fun"", a set of images to be used on online forums for multiple purposes."
this remains the subject of both scholarly and popular debate, with one minority view claiming that the soviet declaration of war on japan had more of an effect than the two nuclear bombings (cf.	this remains the subject of both scholarly and popular debate, with one view claiming that the soviet declaration of war on japan had more of an effect than the two nuclear bombings (cf.
he directed anton diffring and the legendary klaus kinski in giallos later in the decade, and then pretty much retired from filmmaking in 1972, inexplicably emerging from his retirement in 1981 (at age 72) to direct one last slasher film, murder obsession (aka fear).	he directed anton diffring and the legendary klaus kinski in giallos later in the decade, and then pretty much retired from filmmaking in 1972, emerging from his retirement in 1981 (at age 72) to direct one last slasher film, murder obsession (aka fear).
poom signed for watford on the 26 may 2007 in a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee, becoming surplus to requirements with arsenal as they signed polish wonderkid lukasz fabianski from legia warsaw.	poom signed for watford on the 26 may 2007 in a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee, becoming surplus to requirements with arsenal as they signed polish international goalkeeper lukasz fabianski from legia warsaw.
still, the link between tm and hinduism, from where the movement's founder maharishi mahesh yogi comes, appears to become increasingly evident as time passes.	still, the link between tm and hinduism, from where the movement's founder maharishi mahesh yogi comes, appears to become evident as time passes.
partnerships exist with clongowes wood college (ireland), prestigious eton college and maidenhead (both in england) and georgetown college in washington d.c., usa.	partnerships exist with clongowes wood college (ireland), eton college and maidenhead (both in england) and georgetown college in washington d.c., usa.
the contemporary common political conception of progressivism in the culture of the western world emerged from the vast social changes brought about by industrialization in the western world in the late 19th century, particularly out of the view that progress was being stifled by vast economic inequality between the rich and the poor; minimally regulated laissez-faire capitalism with out-of-control monopolistic corporations; and intense and often violent conflict between workers and capitalists, thus claiming that measures were needed to address these problems.	the contemporary common political conception of progressivism in the culture of the western world emerged from the vast social changes brought about by industrialization in the western world in the late 19th century, particularly out of the view that progress was being stifled by vast economic inequality between the rich and the poor; minimally regulated laissez-faire capitalism with monopolistic corporations; and intense and often violent conflict between workers and capitalists, thus claiming that measures were needed to address these problems.
the human rights society of pakistan selected him for the 2006 award for his invaluable services for human rights.	the human rights society of pakistan selected him for the 2006 award for his services for human rights.
to root out survivors with cathar sympathies, gregory ix instituted the papal inquisition in 1231.	to root out those with cathar sympathies, gregory ix instituted the papal inquisition in 1231.
the hutu are the largest of the three castes in burundi and rwanda; according to the united states central intelligence agency, 84% of rwandans	the hutu are the largest of the three peoples in burundi and rwanda; according to the united states central intelligence agency, 84% of rwandans
"mr. king joined the company on march 29 2004 and is seen as the company's last chance to win back market share from its rivals and remain independent - he has already been labelled as ""justin time."""	"king joined the company on march 29 2004 and is seen as the company's last chance to win back market share from its rivals and remain independent - he has already been labelled as ""justin time."""
the rules are simple , build a robot and then try to fight your way to the top in arenas that are square in shape.	the rules are, build a robot and then try to fight your way to the top in arenas that are square in shape.
janet jackson on the cover of her classic 1993 album janet.	janet jackson on the cover of her 1993 album janet.
named for anarchist firebrand emma goldman, red emma's opened in november 2004. it features a fair trade coffee bar, free computer access and wireless internet, vegetarian and vegan foods, an extensive stock of books, and a variety of socially aware and radical events including film screenings, political teach-ins, and community events.	named for anarchist emma goldman, red emma's opened in november 2004. it features a fair trade coffee bar, free computer access and wireless internet, vegetarian and vegan foods, an extensive stock of books, and a variety of socially aware and radical events including film screenings, political teach-ins, and community events.
these are the two major hubs for mountaineering expeditions in the northern areas of pakistani kashmir	these are the two major hubs for mountaineering expeditions in the northern areas of pakistan administered kashmir
in recent years horsham have had several exciting rivalry matches with local club lewes in latter rounds of the sussex senior cup.	in recent years horsham have had several rivalry matches with local club lewes in latter rounds of the sussex senior cup.
despite dixon's reported claims that he rejected violence except in self-defense, in the book previous to the clansman in the trilogy, the leopard's spots, dixon's klan dealt thusly with a black man who had merely asked a white woman to kiss him :	despite dixon's reported claims that he rejected violence except in self-defense, in the book previous to the clansman in the trilogy, the leopard's spots, dixon's klan dealt thusly with a black man who had asked a white woman to kiss him:
human rights issues do not inform the foreign policies of these two countries to the same extent as they do the policies of other large states such as japan, india, the eu states and even the usa.	human rights issues do not inform the foreign policies of these two countries to the same extent as they do the policies of other large states such as japan, india, the eu states and the usa.
the ministry of defense is responsible for the administration of the disputed territories.	the ministry of defense is responsible for the administration of the occupied territories.
on numerous occasions, hezbollah has fired mortar rockets into israel, to which israel has retaliated by violating lebanese airspace in operations aimed at striking the militants.	on numerous occasions, hezbollah has fired mortar rockets into israel, to which israel has retaliated by entering lebanese airspace in operations aimed at striking the militants.
pee wee ellis, mark isham and david hayes are among some of the exemplary musicians featured in the 1980 show.	pee wee ellis, mark isham and david hayes are among some of the well known musicians featured in the 1980 show.
however, after the arrest or abscondment of its leaders, and a series of tragic offshoots the movement lost its momemtum.	however, after the arrest or abscondment of its leaders, and a series of offshoots the movement lost its momemtum.
the spiritual entities of lakota mythology are categorized in several major categories including major deities, wind spirits, personified concepts, and other supernatural beings.	the spiritual entities of lakota mythology are categorized in several major categories including major deities, wind spirits, personified concepts, and other beings.
it was alleged that for the first eight days of captivity the sailors and marines were kept blindfolded and in solitary confinement.	it was said that for the first eight days of captivity the sailors and marines were kept blindfolded and in solitary confinement.
april 25 – beatrice arthur, actress, comedienne , and wife of gene saks (b.	april 25 – beatrice arthur, actress, comedian , and wife of gene saks (b.
the phrase is most commonly used in a wry, sarcastic, cynical, or joking tone, but is often perceived as blasphemy nonetheless.	the phrase is most commonly used in a wry, sarcastic, cynical, or joking tone, but is sometimes perceived as blasphemy nonetheless.
"jess narro sancho was a great footballer born in tolosa, guipzcoa, spain, on january 4, 1922. as midfielder was part of real murcia for three seasons (19441945, 19451946 and 19461947) scoring 10 goals, real sporting de gijn for one season (19521953) scoring one goal and at his peak was part of the real madrid club de futbol for six seasons (19481949, 19491950, 19501951, 19511952, 19521953 and 1953 1954) scoring 13 goals and winning the league title in his final season with the team ""merengue"" along with the great alfredo di stefano."	"jess narro sancho was a footballer born in tolosa, guipzcoa, spain, on january 4, 1922. as midfielder was part of real murcia for three seasons (19441945, 19451946 and 19461947) scoring 10 goals, real sporting de gijn for one season (19521953) scoring one goal and at his peak was part of the real madrid club de futbol for six seasons (19481949, 19491950, 19501951, 19511952, 19521953 and 1953 1954) scoring 13 goals and winning the league title in his final season with the team ""merengue"" along with the great alfredo di stefano."
additionally, it has been noted that all exhibited bodies are those of caucasians .	additionally, it has been noted that all exhibited bodies are those of whites .
rex murphy (born march 1947) is a noted canadian commentator and author, primarily on canadian political and social matters.	rex murphy (born march 1947) is a canadian commentator and author, primarily on canadian political and social matters.
the keweenaw waterway is a partly natural, partly manmade waterway which cuts across the keweenaw peninsula of michigan.	the keweenaw waterway is a partly natural, partly artificial waterway which cuts across the keweenaw peninsula of michigan.
besson's second wife was actress mawenn le besco, who was just 15 when they began dating in 1991. they were married in late 1992 when le besco was pregnant with their daughter shanna, who was born on 3 january 1993. le besco later claimed that their relationship inspired besson's film lon (1994).	besson's second wife was actress mawenn le besco, who was 15 when they began dating in 1991. they were married in late 1992 when le besco was pregnant with their daughter shanna, who was born on 3 january 1993. le besco later claimed that their relationship inspired besson's film lon (1994).
in the netherlands wim meij, a reporter with the algemeen dagblad (a reputable dutch newspaper), did a similar experiment.	in the netherlands wim meij, a reporter with the algemeen dagblad (a dutch newspaper), did a similar experiment.
she is being supported by beauty from ashes ministries, a fundamentalist christian organization aimed at sex industry workers.	she is being supported by beauty from ashes ministries, a christian organization aimed at sex industry workers.
premam released on 29 may 2015 to highly positive reviews.	premam released on 29 may 2015 to positive reviews.
victor garber's portrayal of andrews in the 1997 film titanic is consistent with andrews' heroic legacy.	victor garber's portrayal of andrews in the 1997 film titanic is consistent with andrews' legacy.
"the name tel isqof is of aramiac origin ""tilla zqeepa"" meaning the ""standing hill"" in reference to the hill next to it that contains the ruins of an ancient assyrian town."	"the name tel isqof is of aramiac origin ""tilla zqeepa"" meaning the ""standing hill"" in reference to the hill next to it that contains the ruins of an ancient chaldean town."
the battle for the recapture of corregidor occurred between 16 and 26 february 1945, in which american and filipino forces liberated the island fortress from japanese soldiers.	the battle for the recapture of corregidor occurred between 16 and 26 february 1945, in which american and filipino forces recaptured the island fortress from japanese soldiers.
in 2011 they will enter major league soccer.	in 2011 , the vancouver whitecaps fc will enter major league soccer.
phillips vocally supported operation cast lead.	phillips supported operation cast lead.
plants that produce grains, fruits and vegetables form mankind 's basic foodstuffs, and have been domesticated for millennia.	plants that produce grains, fruits and vegetables form humankind 's basic foodstuffs, and have been domesticated for millennia.
he was a member of the pop group take that from 1990 to 1995 and again from 2009 to 2012. he has also had great commercial success as a solo artist.	he was a member of the pop group take that from 1990 to 1995 and again from 2009 to 2012. he has also had commercial success as a solo artist.
fans are incensed; the football association sensibly ignores mr. whelan's comments, which are supported by the elderly reading football club chairman john madejski.	fans are incensed; the football association ignores mr. whelan's comments, which are supported by the elderly reading football club chairman john madejski.
chinese windmill atrophaneura plutonius is a beautiful butterfly found in india that belongs to the windmills group of atrophaneura, comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.	chinese windmill atrophaneura plutonius is a butterfly found in india that belongs to the windmills group of atrophaneura, comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.
note, however, that this is not always an advantage; for example, people who are blind or visually-impaired, and who rely on vehicle-noise while crossing streets, find it much more difficult to do safely.	note, however, that this is not always an advantage; for example, people who are blind or visually-impaired, and who rely on vehicle-noise while crossing streets, find it more difficult to do safely.
tango is a (1998) tango film written and directed by carlos saura with masterful camerawork by acclaimed cinematographer vittorio storaro.	tango is a (1998) tango film written and directed by carlos saura with camerawork by acclaimed cinematographer vittorio storaro.
the theravadins too attacked the sarvastivadins and sautrantikas (and other schools) on the grounds that their theories were in conflict with the non-substantialism of the canon.	the theravadins too rebuted the sarvastivadins and sautrantikas (and other schools) on the grounds that their theories were in conflict with the non-substantialism of the canon.
martin luther stouffer jr. is the narrator and producer of the famous animal documentary show wild america.	martin luther stouffer jr. is the narrator and producer of the animal documentary show wild america.
the next few issues featured only short stories, and it was almost a year before another continuing series graced the pages of mystery in space.	the next few issues featured only short stories, and it was almost a year before another continuing series appeared in the pages of mystery in space.
reputable scholars such as yusuf al-qaradawi claim it is, while others, such as mohammed arkoun, soheib bencheikh, abdoldjavad falaturi, jamal al banna claim it isn't.	some scholars such as yusuf al-qaradawi claim it is, while others, such as mohammed arkoun, soheib bencheikh, abdoldjavad falaturi, jamal al banna claim it isn't.
chuck berry is an immensely influential figure and one of the pioneers of rock & roll music.	chuck berry is an influential figure and one of the pioneers of rock & roll music.
other terrorist groups also used the device, including the red hand defenders who used a mercury switch to detonate the bomb that killed rosemary nelson	other paramilitary groups also used the device, including the red hand defenders who used a mercury switch to detonate the bomb that killed rosemary nelson
"this is strongly contested by others who refer to him as ""ardently heterosexual"" and his involvement in the rumours as ""somewhat unfair""."	"this is contested by others who refer to him as ""ardently heterosexual"" and his involvement in the rumours as ""somewhat unfair""."
in addition, during his publicity junket , schweizer spoke of arianna huffington's use of private jets for transportation and excessive energy consumption despite her public pro-environmentalist stance.	in addition, during his publicity tours , schweizer spoke of arianna huffington's use of private jets for transportation and excessive energy consumption despite her public pro-environmentalist stance.
major issues have included supporting the demands of the united educators of san francisco (uesf), urging open government, supporting community voices, and voting to eliminate the popular jrotc program in san francisco high schools.	major issues have included supporting the demands of the united educators of san francisco (uesf), urging open government, supporting community voices, and voting to eliminate the jrotc program in san francisco high schools.
waltman was scheduled for a tag team match at lockdown, but ended up no-showing the event.	waltman was scheduled for a tag team match at lockdown, but ended up not performing at the event.
only one modern country, the netherlands, experimented with a statute granting parents a measure of oversight over their offsprings' early sexual lives by not prosecuting adults in relationship with adolescents between the ages of twelve and sixteen unless a parent (or social worker) filed a formal complaint.	only one western country, the netherlands, experimented with a statute granting parents a measure of oversight over their offsprings' early sexual lives by not prosecuting adults in relationship with adolescents between the ages of twelve and sixteen unless a parent (or social worker) filed a formal complaint.
unfortunately , the majority of al-qaeda members, including osama bin laden, escaped and some are still active to this day.	however , the majority of al-qaeda members, including osama bin laden, escaped and some are still active to this day.
despite strong praise from critics, the darkside vol.	despite receiving praise from critics, the darkside vol.
she is the first asian american woman and first taiwanese american to be appointed to the federal cabinet.	she is the first asian american woman and first chinese american to be appointed to the federal cabinet.
turbo is a 1986 album by british heavy metal legends judas priest.	turbo is a 1986 album by british heavy metal band judas priest.
a dance belt is a functional name for a thong jock, an undergarment which is often worn by male ballet dancers because various choreographic moves would otherwise produce unfortunate visual distractions, discomfort or even injury.	a dance belt is a functional name for a thong jock, an undergarment which is often worn by male ballet dancers because various choreographic moves would otherwise produce visual distractions, discomfort or even injury.
the bush administration also has cited links between saddam hussein's government and jordanian terrorist abu musab al-zarqawi, whose organization jama'at al-tawhid wal jihad (monotheism and holy war) has taken credit for kidnappings and beheadings directed against the u.s. occupation of iraq.	the bush administration also has claimed that there are links between saddam hussein's government and jordanian terrorist abu musab al-zarqawi, whose organization jama'at al-tawhid wal jihad (monotheism and holy war) has taken credit for kidnappings and beheadings directed against the u.s. occupation of iraq.
in may 2013 however , a bill was unveiled which, if enacted, would lead to the uk ratifying the unified patent court, paving the way for its entry into force.	in may 2013, a bill was unveiled which, if enacted, would lead to the uk ratifying the unified patent court, paving the way for its entry into force.
colluphid is mistakenly believed to be based on adams's friend, evolutionary biologist and popular science writer richard dawkins, known for his aggressively atheist and antitheist writings.	colluphid is mistakenly believed to be based on adams's friend, evolutionary biologist and popular science writer richard dawkins, known for his assertive atheist and antitheist writings.
the original character, though still commonly used in writing, is rarely used in modern spoken chinese languages .	the original character, though still commonly used in writing, is rarely used in modern spoken chinese.
roy anderson was in charge of the uk government's foot and mouth control policy in 2001, a policy that culminated in the allegedly destruction of around six million uk cattle.	roy anderson was in charge of the uk government's foot and mouth control policy in 2001, a policy that culminated in the destruction of around six million uk cattle.
madhu sapre (born july 14, 1971;marathi - ) is an indian supermodel from the state of maharashtra.	madhu sapre (born july 14, 1971;marathi - ) is an indian model from the state of maharashtra.
us government data shows that, since at least april 2004, an average of 74% of all insurgent attacks are directed against occupation forces with only 10% directed against civilians.	us government data shows that, since at least april 2004, an average of 74% of all insurgent attacks are directed against foreign forces with only 10% directed against civilians.
later in 2004, the band (including lively bassist kliff mcburtney and drummer ringo larz) started to perform at live venues, with a stage show incorporating elements from both beatles and metallica performances.	later in 2004, the band (including bassist kliff mcburtney and drummer ringo larz) started to perform at live venues, with a stage show incorporating elements from both beatles and metallica performances.
washington, dc , united states of america	washington, d.c. , united states of america
comedienne /producer/writer carol leifer appears as herself.	comedian /producer/writer carol leifer appears as herself.
offensive inla actions at this time included the 1982 bombing of the mount gabriel radar station in county cork, which was providing assistance to north atlantic treaty organisation, allegedly in violation of irish neutrality; and the 6 december 1982 ballykelly disco bombing of the droppin' well bar in ballykelly, county derry , which catered to british military personnel, in which 11 soldiers and 6 civilians were killed.	offensive inla actions at this time included the 1982 bombing of the mount gabriel radar station in county cork, which was providing assistance to north atlantic treaty organisation, allegedly in violation of irish neutrality; and the 6 december 1982 ballykelly disco bombing of the droppin' well bar in ballykelly, county londonderry , which catered to british military personnel, in which 11 soldiers and 6 civilians were killed.
very few also refer to post-antiquity historical situations in the western world where such conditions existed.	a few also refer to post-antiquity historical situations in the western world where such conditions existed.
the story is loosely based on the battle of thermopylae which took place in 480 bc.	the story is based on the battle of thermopylae which took place in 480 bc.
150-185. the early material compiled by hateful preachers like raymond martini and nicholas donin remain the basis of all subsequent accusations against the talmud.	150-185. the early material compiled by preachers like raymond martini and nicholas donin remain the basis of all subsequent accusations against the talmud.
he also hit over two thousand runs in a single season on two occasions for the club (1976 and 1981).during those thirteen years at gloucestershire he played 206 first class games, scoring an incredible 16,000 runs.	he also hit over two thousand runs in a single season on two occasions for the club (1976 and 1981).during those thirteen years at gloucestershire he played 206 first class games, scoring an 16,000 runs.
scar pereiro sio (born august 3, 1977 in mos, galicia) is a galician professional road bicycle racer best known for winning the 2006 tour de france after the original winner, floyd landis, was disqualified for failing a series of doping tests.	scar pereiro sio (born august 3, 1977 in mos, galicia) is a spanish professional road bicycle racer best known for winning the 2006 tour de france after the original winner, floyd landis, was disqualified for failing a series of doping tests.
kevin & perry go large is a 2000 comedy film based upon the popular harry enfield sketch kevin the teenager.	kevin & perry go large is a 2000 comedy film based upon the harry enfield sketch kevin the teenager.
why it is neither beneficial nor harmful	why it may be neither beneficial nor harmful
"the beautiful war cemetery in kohima has the famous inscription ""when you go home, tell them of us and say, for their tomorrow, we gave our today"" — the kohima epitaph is attributed to john maxwell edmonds (1875 -1958), and is thought to have been inspired by the epitaph of simonides written by simonides to honour the spartans who fell at the battle of thermopylae in 480 bc."	"the war cemetery in kohima has the famous inscription ""when you go home, tell them of us and say, for their tomorrow, we gave our today"" — the kohima epitaph is attributed to john maxwell edmonds (1875 -1958), and is thought to have been inspired by the epitaph of simonides written by simonides to honour the spartans who fell at the battle of thermopylae in 480 bc."
the madge recording of opus clavicembalisticum is highly unreliable in terms of textual accuracy; substantial proportions of the work are blatantly improvised in his recording.	the madge recording of opus clavicembalisticum is highly unreliable in terms of textual accuracy; substantial proportions of the work are improvised in his recording.
most of his works use improvisation heavily .	most of his works use improvisation.
key themes of the emerging church are couched in the provocative language of reform, praxis-oriented lifestyles, post-evangelical thought, and incorporation or acknowledgment of political and postmodern elements.	key themes of the emerging church are couched in the language of reform, praxis-oriented lifestyles, post-evangelical thought, and incorporation or acknowledgment of political and postmodern elements.
note: azeris are, due to historical ties with various ancient iranians and their cultural ties with persians , sometimes included as an iranian people by a number of sources, although the modern azerbaijani language is a turkic language and the issue remains debated.	note: azeris are, due to historical ties with various ancient iranians and their cultural ties with persians , included as an iranian people by a number of sources, although the modern azerbaijani language is a turkic language and the issue remains debated.
it is a prestigious american medical school located in the longwood medical area of the mission hill neighborhood of boston, massachusetts.	it is a american medical school located in the longwood medical area of the mission hill neighborhood of boston, massachusetts.
"indiewire posted a glowing review that stated that the film was ""ultimately a surprisingly successful movie on the experience of watching a movie that should only serve to encourage labeouf to further test the directorial waters""."	"indiewire posted a review that stated that the film was ""ultimately a surprisingly successful movie on the experience of watching a movie that should only serve to encourage labeouf to further test the directorial waters""."
catholics affirm that this belief is apostolic in origin and can be found both in sacred tradition and holy scripture (i.e.	catholics believe that this belief is apostolic in origin and can be found both in sacred tradition and holy scripture (i.e.
st. blaise is a good school founded in 1879 and is run by the roman catholic parish of st. blaise, amboli in the indian state of maharashtra.	st. blaise is a school founded in 1879 and is run by the roman catholic parish of st. blaise, amboli in the indian state of maharashtra.
during the 1990s, several cities in bergen county passed ordinances that discriminated against the korean newcomers.	during the 1990s, several cities in bergen county passed ordinances that were accused of discriminating against the korean newcomers.
with each place that he visited, he not only lectured on and taught his technique of meditation, but also established administrative centers where practitioners could meet in his absence.	with each place that he visited, he not lectured on and taught his technique of meditation, but also established administrative centers where practitioners could meet in his absence.
one good tactic is to vote for every candidate the voter prefers to the leading candidate, and to also vote for the leading candidate if that candidate is preferred to the current second-place candidate.	one tactic is to vote for every candidate the voter prefers to the leading candidate, and to also vote for the leading candidate if that candidate is preferred to the current second-place candidate.
in 2009 he was awarded a prestigious nhmrc australia fellowship.	in 2009 he was awarded a nhmrc australia fellowship.
in 1974-1976 ibm had contacted the soviet authorities and expressed interest in es evm development; however, after the soviet army invaded afghanistan, in 1979, all contacts between ibm and es developers were interrupted, due to the us embargo on technological cooperation with the ussr.	in 1974-1976 ibm had contacted the soviet authorities and expressed interest in es evm development; however, after the soviet army entered afghanistan , in 1979, all contacts between ibm and es developers were interrupted, due to the us embargo on technological cooperation with the ussr.
yoshioka believed that kanbe's general moe drawing style and composition would be ideal to adapt the manga, still in publication at the time, into an anime series.	yoshioka believed that kanbe's general drawing style and composition would be ideal to adapt the manga, still in publication at the time, into an anime series.
"joseph r. ""joe"" francis, born april 1, 1973, to raymond and maria francis, is an american pornographer , famous as the founder of mantra films, inc., which produces the girls gone wild and guys gone wild dvd series."	"joseph r. ""joe"" francis, born april 1, 1973, to raymond and maria francis, is an american businessman , famous as the founder of mantra films, inc., which produces the girls gone wild and guys gone wild dvd series."
in the akkadian epic of gilgamesh, ishtar appears to gilgamesh after he and his companion enkidu have returned to uruk from defeating the ogre humbaba and demands gilgamesh to become her husband .	in the akkadian epic of gilgamesh, ishtar appears to gilgamesh after he and his companion enkidu have returned to uruk from defeating the ogre humbaba and demands gilgamesh to become her consort .
the award, and the foundation, were established in honor of zhu xi chan, the hong kong newspaper owner whose pages exposed events in mao zedong's china.	the award, and the foundation, were established in honor of zhu xi chan, the hong kong newspaper owner whose pages covered events in mao zedong's china.
"instead, in 1928 sanacja members created a bezpartyjny blok wsppracy z rzdem (""nonpartisan bloc for cooperation with the government""), a bizarre coalition political party that denied being a political party."	"instead, in 1928 sanacja members created a bezpartyjny blok wsppracy z rzdem (""nonpartisan bloc for cooperation with the government""), a coalition political party that denied being a political party."
they are followed by manchester united (17) who dominated in the 1990s under sir alex ferguson, who in turn are closely followed by arsenal, whose 13 titles all came after 1930. everton (nine) have enjoyed success throughout their history, and both aston villa (seven) and sunderland (six) secured the majority of their titles before the first world war.	they are followed by manchester united (17) who dominated in the 1990s under sir alex ferguson, who in turn are followed by arsenal, whose 13 titles all came after 1930. everton (nine) have enjoyed success throughout their history, and both aston villa (seven) and sunderland (six) secured the majority of their titles before the first world war.
initially a working class drug, laudanum was cheaper than a bottle of gin or wine, because it was treated as a medication for legal purposes and not taxed as alcohol .	initially a working class drug, laudanum was cheaper than a bottle of gin or wine, because it was treated as a medication for legal purposes and not taxed as an alcoholic beverage .
wolverine (birthname: james howlett colloquial: logan, weapon x) is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics, mostly in association with the x-men.	wolverine (birthname: james howlett colloquial: logan, weapon x) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics, mostly in association with the x-men.
parents of other iraq war victims	parents of other iraq war soldiers killed in action
sony bank is a japanese commercial bank established in april 2001. it has no real branches or atms; all procedures are done online or by telephone.	sony bank is a japanese commercial bank established in april 2001. it has no physical branches or atms; all procedures are done online or by telephone.
unfortunately this album was not a success, and on top of that the band fired lead-singer bert heerink.	this album was not a success, and on top of that the band fired lead-singer bert heerink.
this continued a line of thought started by athanasius who felt that any means was justified in repressing the arian heresy .	this continued a line of thought started by athanasius who felt that any means was justified in repressing the arian belief .
mr. monk goes back to school is the 14th episode in the popular usa network t.v.	mr. monk goes back to school is the 14th episode in the usa network t.v.
paul eddington, (18 june 1927 4 november 1995) was an english actor known for his appearances in the popular television sitcoms the good life and yes minister.	paul eddington, (18 june 1927 4 november 1995) was an english actor known for his appearances in the television sitcoms the good life and yes minister.
additionally, in early 2006, several tribes and militias some including insurgent groups began an effort to root out the remaining foreign terrorists .	additionally, in early 2006, several tribes and militias some including insurgent groups began an effort to root out the remaining foreign militants .
because singingfish burst onto the scene at about the same time as big mouth billy bass, many people in 2000 and 2001 assumed that the former was the maker or the name of the latter.	because singingfish came onto the scene at about the same time as big mouth billy bass, many people in 2000 and 2001 assumed that the former was the maker or the name of the latter.
unfortunately the league never made it out of its first training camp and folded just 10 before the start of the 1992 season.	however, the league never made it out of its first training camp and folded just 10 before the start of the 1992 season.
prepon was a cast member of the abc show october road, which debuted march 15, 2007. the show was cancelled by abc on may 12, 2008, despite a grassroots campaign from the show's loyal fanbase to keep the show alive.	prepon was a cast member of the abc show october road, which debuted march 15, 2007. the show was cancelled by abc on may 12, 2008, despite a grassroots campaign from the show's fanbase to keep the show alive.
the riots are referenced in thomas pynchon's landmark postmodern novel gravity's rainbow.	the riots are referenced in thomas pynchon's postmodern novel gravity's rainbow.
jimbo and randy wisely tell him that if they do they will become the very thing they hate.	jimbo and randy tell him that if they do they will become the very thing they hate.
some california authorities compare teroldego to zinfandel, with its spicy red fruits, and hints of tar, pine, and almond, but few serious tasters would confuse the two varieties in a blind tasting.	some california authorities compare teroldego to zinfandel, with its spicy red fruits, and hints of tar, pine, and almond, but few tasters would confuse the two varieties in a blind tasting.
"the government built separation barriers called ""peace lines""."	"the government built barriers called ""peace lines""."
"however, opponents in the labor party (and a few even with his own likud) viewed netanyahu's policies as ""thatcherite"" attacks on the venerable israeli social safety net."	"however, opponents in the labor party (and a few even with his own likud) viewed netanyahu's policies as ""thatcherite"" attacks on the venerated israeli social safety net."
its new style of programming often drew critical attention, with some, such as the self-styled public-decency campaigner mary whitehouse, claiming the station had overstepped the boundaries of acceptability whilst others argued that the new style of broadcasting had led to a liberalisation of the uk television industry.	its new style of programming often drew critical attention, with some, such as the public-decency campaigner mary whitehouse, claiming the station had overstepped the boundaries of acceptability whilst others argued that the new style of broadcasting had led to a liberalisation of the uk television industry.
ercan international airport , or tymbou in greek, is the principal airport of entry into the illegal turkish republic of northern cyprus.	ercan international airport , or tymbou in greek, is the principal airport of entry into the turkish republic of northern cyprus.
jeannie carson (born 1928), english-born retired comedienne and actress	jeannie carson (born 1928), english-born retired comedian and actress
judith crist (born may 22, 1922) is an accomplished american film critic.	judith crist (born may 22, 1922) is an american film critic.
in establishments where it is tolerated, which may be found notably in the netherlands, in christiania, and in certain parts of canada, cannabis is smoked as well.	in establishments where it is tolerated, which may be found notably in the netherlands, in christiania, and in certain parts of canada, cannabis is enjoyed as well.
the spider email has also been featured on several television and radio stations including bbc's have i got news for you in the uk and the late show with david letterman in the us.	the spider email has also been featured on several television and radio programs including bbc's have i got news for you in the uk and the late show with david letterman in the us.
content recommendation in this website is highly personalized to suite the behavior of k-5 kids.	content recommendation in this website is personalized to suite the behavior of k-5 kids.
heavy water has a large cross section for neutrons, and when neutrons capture on a deuterium nuclei a gamma ray with roughly 6 mev of energy is produced.	heavy water has a small cross section for neutrons, and when neutrons capture on a deuterium nuclei a gamma ray with roughly 6 mev of energy is produced.
perlman is the author of the successful illustrated children's book series otto undercover, whose six books to date (as of the middle of may 2012) are born to drive, canyon catastrophe, water balloon doom, toxic taffy takeover, the brink of ex-stink-tion, and brain freeze.	perlman is the author of the illustrated children's book series otto undercover, whose six books to date (as of the middle of may 2012) are born to drive, canyon catastrophe, water balloon doom, toxic taffy takeover, the brink of ex-stink-tion, and brain freeze.
"catholic commentators have posited that the form of church-state separation enacted in france in 1905 and found in the spanish constitution of 1931 are of a ""hostile"" variety, noting that the hostility of the state toward the church was a cause of the breakdown of democracy and the onset of the spanish civil war."	"commentators have posited that the form of church-state separation enacted in france in 1905 and found in the spanish constitution of 1931 are of a ""hostile"" variety, noting that the hostility of the state toward the church was a cause of the breakdown of democracy and the onset of the spanish civil war."
"the circassians , also known by their endonym adyghe (circassian: , adygekher, ), are a warlike northwest caucasian ethnic group native to circassia, many of whom were displaced in the course of the russian conquest of the caucasus in the 19th century, especially after the russiancircassian war in 1864. in its narrowest sense, the term ""circassian"" includes the twelve adyghe (circassian: , adyge) tribes (three democratic and nine aristocratic); abzakh, besleney, bzhedug, hatuqwai, kabardian, mamkhegh, natukhai, shapsug, temirgoy, ubykh, yegeruqwai and zhaney, each star on the circassian flag representing each tribe."	"the circassians , also known by their endonym adyghe (circassian: , adygekher, ), are a northwest caucasian ethnic group native to circassia, many of whom were displaced in the course of the russian conquest of the caucasus in the 19th century, especially after the russiancircassian war in 1864. in its narrowest sense, the term ""circassian"" includes the twelve adyghe (circassian: , adyge) tribes (three democratic and nine aristocratic); abzakh, besleney, bzhedug, hatuqwai, kabardian, mamkhegh, natukhai, shapsug, temirgoy, ubykh, yegeruqwai and zhaney, each star on the circassian flag representing each tribe."
lord ahmed refused to condemn the remarks of shamir.	lord ahmed refused to comment on the remarks of shamir.
bessie thomashefsky (1873 – july 6, 1962) was a russian-born jewish american singer, actress and comedienne , a star in yiddish theater beginning in the 1890s.	bessie thomashefsky (1873 – july 6, 1962) was a russian-born jewish american singer, actress and comedian , a star in yiddish theater beginning in the 1890s.
on 27 november 1975, mcwhirter was assassinated by two ira volunteers , both of whom were members of what became known as the balcombe street gang, the group for whose capture mcwhirter had offered the reward.	on 27 november 1975, mcwhirter was assassinated by two ira terrorists , both of whom were members of what became known as the balcombe street gang, the group for whose capture mcwhirter had offered the reward.
prescriptively, attitudes about aave are often less positive; since aave deviates from the standard, its use is commonly misinterpreted as a sign of ignorance, laziness, or both.	prescriptively, attitudes about aave are often less positive; since aave deviates from the standard, its use is commonly interpreted as a sign of ignorance, laziness, or both.
asparukh was followed by 800 ,000 bulgars.	asparukh was followed by 30,000 to 50 ,000 bulgars.
blessed kateri tekakwitha (1656 – april 17, 1680), the daughter of a mohawk warrior and a christian algonquin woman, was born in the mohawk fortress of ossernenon near present-day auriesville, new york.	kateri tekakwitha (1656 – april 17, 1680), the daughter of a mohawk warrior and a christian algonquin woman, was born in the mohawk fortress of ossernenon near present-day auriesville, new york.
paul roche promotes that the book of daniel is comprised of folktales that were used to fortify the jewish faith during the time of oppression by the hellenized seleucids some four centuries after babylonian captivity.	paul roche says that the book of daniel is comprised of folktales that were used to fortify the jewish faith during the time of oppression by the hellenized seleucids some four centuries after babylonian captivity.
the first major break for the kingston trio came in late june 1957 when comedienne phyllis diller canceled a week-long engagement at the purple onion club in san francisco.	the first major break for the kingston trio came in late june 1957 when comedian phyllis diller canceled a week-long engagement at the purple onion club in san francisco.
let's find out if that's what he answered, for example on a game show, can serve as a model of this system.	let's find out if that's what the candidate answered, for example on a game show, can serve as a model of this system.
he was falsely accused by muslims of cursing islam.	he was accused by muslims of cursing islam.
"the ronin wasted a year waiting for the ""right time"" for their revenge."	"the ronin spent a year waiting for the ""right time"" for their revenge."
the civil rights movement of the 1960s had its neoabolitionist roots in the failure of reconstruction.	the civil rights movement of the 1960s had its roots in the failure of reconstruction.
in fact-checking johnson's books darwin on trial and defeating darwinism, one reviewer discovered that almost every scientific source johnson cited had been misused or distorted, from simple misinterpretations and innuendos to outright fabrications.	in fact-checking johnson's books darwin on trial and defeating darwinism , one reviewer has claimed that almost every scientific source johnson cited had been misused or distorted, from simple misinterpretations and innuendos to outright fabrications.
the jetranger is the inspiration behind the design of helicopters in controversial video game grand theft auto: vice city.	the jetranger is the inspiration behind the design of helicopters in the video game grand theft auto: vice city.
"the moderator claimed that posting links to his website constituted ""self-promotional spamming""."	"the moderator stated that posting links to his website constituted ""self-promotional spamming""."
"the show mainly revolves around alana ""big toe honey boo boo"" thompson and ""mama"" june ""the elephant man"" shannon and their family's adventures in the redneck town of mcintyre, georgia."	"the show mainly revolves around alana ""big toe honey boo boo"" thompson and ""mama"" june ""the elephant man"" shannon and their family's adventures in the southern town of mcintyre, georgia."
concerns about safety have led some nanny states to ban fireworks or limit the sizes and types allowed, but illicit traffic from less restrictive border states is common.	concerns about safety have led some states to ban fireworks or limit the sizes and types allowed, but illicit traffic from less restrictive border states is common.
march 4 minnie pearl, comedienne and country musician, 84	march 4 minnie pearl, comedian and country musician, 84
jeff lang (born 9 november 1969) is an australian songwriter, singer and virtuoso slide guitarist.	jeff lang (born 9 november 1969) is an australian songwriter, singer and slide guitarist.
john maynard keynes argued in the economic consequences of the peace that governments printing money and using price controls were causing a combination of inflation and economic stagnation in europe after world war i. stagflation was also a very serious macroeconomic problem in the 1970s.	john maynard keynes wrote in the economic consequences of the peace that governments printing money and using price controls were causing a combination of inflation and economic stagnation in europe after world war i. stagflation was also a very serious macroeconomic problem in the 1970s.
strange affair is the sixteenth album by legendary rock band wishbone ash.	strange affair is the sixteenth album by rock band wishbone ash.
lidocaine (inn) or lignocaine (former ban) is a popular local anesthetic and a derivative of cocaine (without its negative properties) that is often used in dentistry or topically.	lidocaine (inn) or lignocaine (former ban) is a popular local anesthetic and a derivative of cocaine (without its stimulant properties) that is often used in dentistry or topically.
while the cover of the magazine itself contends it was a catalog, most historians note that it contained articles, features, and plotlines, qualifying it as a magazine.	while the cover of the magazine itself states it was a catalog, most historians note that it contained articles, features, and plotlines, qualifying it as a magazine.
in extensive testimony before the committee, wertham restated arguments from his book and pointed to comics as a major cause of juvenile crime.	in testimony before the committee, wertham restated arguments from his book and pointed to comics as a major cause of juvenile crime.
"... that the wedding of the french idols of the seventies sheila and ringo was attended by 15,000 people and ""resembled a royal wedding""?"	"... that the wedding of the french pop singers of the seventies sheila and ringo was attended by 15,000 people and ""resembled a royal wedding""?"
her louisiana french creole father, floyd j. malveaux, is a prominent doctor who became the dean of the college of medicine at howard university; he is now the executive director of the merck childhood asthma network and a founder of howard university's national human genome center.	her louisiana french creole father, floyd j. malveaux, is a doctor who became the dean of the college of medicine at howard university; he is now the executive director of the merck childhood asthma network and a founder of howard university's national human genome center.
if such a move is also done by those voters who most favor the opponent, then the result could be a weak second or even third choice winning the election.	if such a move is also done by those voters who most favor the opponent, then the result could be a second or even third choice winning the election.
the united states intelligence community (military and civilian) has red teams that explore alternative futures and write articles as if they were despotic world leaders .	the united states intelligence community (military and civilian) has red teams that explore alternative futures and write articles as if they were foreign world leaders .
rightamerican forces network (or afn) is the brand name used by the united states armed forces radio and television service (afrts) for its entertainment and command internal information networks worldwide.	station logo american forces network (or afn) is the brand name used by the united states armed forces radio and television service (afrts) for its entertainment and command internal information networks worldwide.
the reagan administration worked toward the collapse of the soviet union, but unfortunately was not able to achieve this during his term.	the reagan administration worked toward the collapse of the soviet union, but was not able to achieve this during his term.
"michael chambers is an african-american actor and dancer,he is well known for his roll as ""turbo"" in the 1984 cult classic film breakin' and the 1984 hit sequel beakin' 2: electric boogaloo."	"michael chambers is an african-american actor and dancer,he is known for his roll as ""turbo"" in the 1984 cult classic film breakin' and the 1984 hit sequel beakin' 2: electric boogaloo."
opponents criticized owen for her conservative positions on contentious social and economic issues, pro-corporate decisions and her pro-abortion stance.	opponents criticized owen for her conservative positions on contentious social and economic issues, pro-corporate decisions and her pro-life stance.
at the 2005 tcl classic, mcginley shot a brilliant final round of 63 to force a sudden-death playoff with paul casey.	at the 2005 tcl classic, mcginley shot a final round of 63 to force a sudden-death playoff with paul casey.
the purpose of the owi was to use mass communication to sell the war and to define our perception of the reality of war; therefore, they released prelude to war to further these goals.	the purpose of the owi was to use mass communication to sell the war and to define americans' perception of the reality of war; therefore, they released prelude to war to further these goals.
he was a member of the brutal shankill butchers, an ulster volunteer force gang.	he was a member of the shankill butchers, an ulster volunteer force gang.
additionally, there is a story (mentioned for example in gesta hungarorum) that homecoming magyars paid a white horse to moravian chieftain svatopluk i (in other forms of the story, it is instead the bulgarian chieftain salan) for a part of the land that later became the kingdom of hungary.	additionally, there is a story (mentioned for example in gesta hungarorum) that the magyars paid a white horse to moravian chieftain svatopluk i (in other forms of the story, it is instead the bulgarian chieftain salan) for a part of the land that later became the kingdom of hungary.
the state's official name is ireland (irish: ire), and this is how international organisations and some citizens refer to the country.	the state's official name is ireland (irish: ire), and this is how international organisations and citizens refer to the country.
major aleksander norbut-luczynski, upon hearing that the meeting was a secret gathering of bolsheviks plotting an armed uprising in minsk, arrested and ordered the execution of 35 men attending the meeting without conducting an investigation.	major aleksander norbut-luczynski, upon hearing that the meeting was a gathering of bolsheviks plotting an armed uprising in minsk, arrested and ordered the execution of 35 men attending the meeting without conducting an investigation.
alfred e. neuman is the fictional mascot and iconic cover boy of mad magazine.	alfred e. neuman is the fictional mascot and cover boy of mad magazine.
ahad israfil is an gunshot victim from dayton, ohio, famous for his miraculous recovery from an injury that led to the loss of almost half his brain (one cerebral hemisphere).	ahad israfil is an gunshot victim from dayton, ohio, famous for his remarkable recovery from an injury that led to the loss of almost half his brain (one cerebral hemisphere).
the english versions have no spoken dialogue at all, most likely due to the poor voice acting in mega man x4.	the english versions have no spoken dialogue at all, most likely due to the poorly received voice acting in mega man x4.
during the first intifada she helped establish a children's theatre group in jenin refugee camp in the west bank, teaching children to express themselves through acting.	during the first intifada she helped establish a children's theatre group in jenin refugee camp within the occupied territories of the west bank, teaching children to express themselves through acting.
whiteheart was truly one of the pioneer bands when christian rock took off in the 80's.	whiteheart was one of the pioneer bands when christian rock took off in the 80's.
it was originally described by alfred marshall in his groundbreaking textbook principles of economics.	it was originally described by alfred marshall in his influential textbook principles of economics.
sephardim do not constitute a separate denomination within judaism, but rather a separate cultural tradition.	sephardim do not constitute a separate denomination within judaism, but rather a distinct cultural tradition.
although there are myriad shia subsects, modern shia islam has been divided into three main groupings: twelvers, ismailis and zaidis, with twelver shia being the largest and most influential group among shia.	although there are many shia subsects, modern shia islam has been divided into three main groupings: twelvers, ismailis and zaidis, with twelver shia being the largest and most influential group among shia.
"belle and sebastian's song ""electronic renaissance"" from the album tigermilk features a beautiful melodica solo."	"belle and sebastian's song ""electronic renaissance"" from the album tigermilk features a melodica solo."
studies of such enquiries find a depressingly similar pattern of events and responses to them.	studies of such enquiries find a similar pattern of events and responses to them.
in october, 2002, backers planned to present such a proposal at the great lakes commission annual meeting, but ultimately withheld it as it appeared to them to have way too little support.	in october, 2002, backers planned to present such a proposal at the great lakes commission annual meeting, but ultimately withheld it as it appeared to them to have too little support.
the latter day saint movement is a religious movement originating in the early 19th century and that led to the set of doctrines, practices, and cultures called mormonism and to the existence of numerous latter day saint churches.	the latter day saint movement is a religious movement within christianity that arose during the second great awakening in the early 19th century and that led to the set of doctrines, practices, and cultures called mormonism and to the existence of numerous latter day saint churches.
the russian army caused much plundering and destruction on its path, an english traveller sir adolphus slade wrote :	the russian army caused much plundering and destruction on its path, an english traveller sir adolphus slade claimed :
degree programs have a core curriculum in the liberal arts and a unique career emphasis.	degree programs have a core curriculum in the liberal arts and a career emphasis.
when he returned home he renounced all his earlier compositions which were written in a moderately modern style comparable to the music of darius milhaud, aaron copland and samuel barber, and began writing silly pieces based on additive rhythms and a sense of time influenced by samuel beckett, whose work he encountered when he was writing for experimental theater.	when he returned home he renounced all his earlier compositions which were written in a moderately modern style comparable to the music of darius milhaud, aaron copland and samuel barber, and began writing austere pieces based on additive rhythms and a sense of time influenced by samuel beckett, whose work he encountered when he was writing for experimental theater.
in particular, because obvious symptoms start at about the age that children receive several vaccinations, some parents mistakenly perceive a causal link between the two, especially if skill loss is rapid.	in particular, because obvious symptoms start at about the age that children receive several vaccinations, some parents perceive a causal link between the two, especially if skill loss is rapid.
it is the longest and most expensive proposed transit city lrt line, expected to cost approximately $2.2 billion, but it is also the line with the highest ridership potential, and would provide a much-needed midtown link between the yonge and spadina subway lines.	it is the longest and most expensive proposed transit city lrt line, expected to cost approximately $2.2 billion, but it is also the line with the highest ridership potential, and would provide a midtown link between the yonge and spadina subway lines.
in a career that has now surpassed 40 years, cher has established herself as an legendary pop culture icon and one of the most popular female artists in music history.	in a career that has now surpassed 40 years, cher has established herself as an enduring pop culture icon and one of the most popular female artists in music history.
also available are the quaintly named coloured supplements, a monthly piece giving incisive christian comment on social and political issues, normally written by the vicar.	also available are the quaintly named coloured supplements, a monthly piece giving christian comment on social and political issues, normally written by the vicar.
old earth creationists, on the other hand, attempt to harmonize the bible's six-day account of creation with the scientific consensus that the universe is billions of years old.	old earth creationists, on the other hand, believe it is possible to harmonize the bible's six-day account of creation with the scientific consensus that the universe is billions of years old.
a large number of palestinians had already fled the country, fearing attacks from underground jewish forces and terrorist groups, and many more would be forced to leave their homes in the coming months.	a large number of palestinians had already fled the country, fearing attacks from underground jewish forces and militant groups, and many more would be forced to leave their homes in the coming months.
his defection immediately resulted in the ukraine launching a treason case against him, and the appointment of serhiy hayduk as his successor.	his defection immediately resulted in the self-declared kiev government launching a treason case against him, and the appointment of serhiy hayduk as his successor.
1936) is a welsh-born photojournalist famous for his coverage of the vietnam war.	1936) is a welsh-born photojournalist known for his coverage of the vietnam war.
"in 2003 he gave a controversial lecture at mit entitled ""aliens cause global warming""."	"in 2003 he gave a lecture at mit entitled ""aliens cause global warming""."
cessy casanova (born circa 1969), mexican comedienne and singer.	cessy casanova (born circa 1969), mexican comedian and singer.
the campaign to force a referendum on the subject subsequently failed.	the campaign to bring about a referendum on the subject subsequently failed.
tlachtga was powerful druid ess in irish mythology.	tlachtga was powerful druid in irish mythology.
he also served as the mayor of saint paul, minnesota, from 1994 to 2002. previously a member of the democratic-farmer-labor party (dfl), coleman opportunistically switched to the republican party in 1996.	he also served as the mayor of saint paul, minnesota, from 1994 to 2002. previously a member of the democratic-farmer-labor party (dfl), coleman switched to the republican party in 1996.
famous line in the 1990 film ghost	notable line in the 1990 film ghost
"on february 18, 2004, the liberal activist group, the union of concerned scientists (ucs), released a report by 62 prominent scientists alleging that ""the current bush administration has suppressed or distorted the scientific analyses of federal agencies to bring these results in line with administration policy"" ."	"on february 18, 2004, the liberal activist group, the union of concerned scientists (ucs), released a report by 62 scientists alleging that ""the current bush administration has suppressed or distorted the scientific analyses of federal agencies to bring these results in line with administration policy"" ."
kwame owusu-ansah or kwame owusu ansah (died 2008) was a talented ghanaian actor who graced the scene of the ghanaian movie industry through various collaboration with nigerians and major features in ghanaian movie.	kwame owusu-ansah or kwame owusu ansah (died 2008) was a ghanaian actor who graced the scene of the ghanaian movie industry through various collaboration with nigerians and major features in ghanaian movie.
however, lefebvre realized that he was obliged both to reject the arrangement he had agreed to and to ordain a successorif necessary, without papal approval because cardinal ratzinger did not specify a date for the episcopal consecration.	however, lefebvre decided that he was obliged both to reject the arrangement he had agreed to and to ordain a successorif necessary, without papal approval because cardinal ratzinger did not specify a date for the episcopal consecration.
he concluded that federal intervention in public and private education has only increased since the 1990s.	he concluded that federal intervention in public and private education has increased since the 1990s.
golas also notes that temple relies almost exclusively on the work of joseph needham and the science and civilisation in china, ignoring later research which has made some of the texts temple used obsolete.	golas also suggests that temple relies almost exclusively on the work of joseph needham and the science and civilisation in china, ignoring later research which has made some of the texts temple used obsolete.
in america it refers to a christian terrorist group that is far right-wing and advocates violence.	in america it refers to a christian group that is far right-wing and advocates violence.
gracie pearson (fields) is a singer/ comedienne who is determined to save her local market from being demolished in order to make way for a department store.	gracie pearson (fields) is a singer/ comedian who is determined to save her local market from being demolished in order to make way for a department store.
"use of ""internment camp"" is also incorrect in this case because the united states department of justice operated separate camps that were officially called ""internment camps"" (see below) where some japanese americans were imprisoned during world war ii."	"use of ""internment camp"" is also potentially confusing in this case because the united states department of justice operated separate camps that were officially called ""internment camps"" (see below) where some japanese americans were imprisoned during world war ii."
lockwood was only 32 years old.	lockwood was 32 years old.
jain was chosen as a participant in big boss 11, through a wild card but was evicted on 5 november 2017.	jain was chosen as a participant in big boss 11, through a wild card but was removed on 5 november 2017.
off-line, it is involved in many small round-table discussions, social events, and in an annual conference .	off-line, it is involved in small round-table discussions, social events, and in an annual conference .
the term 'parliamentary labour party' properly refers to the party in parliament, whereas the term labour party refers to the entire labour party, the parliamentary faction of which is the plp.	the term 'parliamentary labour party' properly refers to the party in parliament, whereas the term labour party refers to the entire labour party, the parliamentary element of which is the plp.
a common trait between these versions is that even though they were intentionally based on the arcade game, they often used the ( badly ) translated storyline and character information for the packaging and manual of the localized nes version (such as depicting jimmy as a bad guy) from tradewest, which they reused despite the discrepancies between the arcade and nes versions.	a common trait between these versions is that even though they were intentionally based on the arcade game, they often used the ( loosely ) translated storyline and character information for the packaging and manual of the localized nes version (such as depicting jimmy as a bad guy) from tradewest, which they reused despite the discrepancies between the arcade and nes versions.
ernest satow is probably best known as the author of the fascinating a diplomat in japan which describes the years 1862-1869 when japan was changing from rule by the tokugawa shogunate to the restoration of imperial rule.	ernest satow is probably best known as the author of the book a diplomat in japan which describes the years 1862-1869 when japan was changing from rule by the tokugawa shogunate to the restoration of imperial rule.
charlotte coleman died from an asthma attack in islington, north london on 14 november 2001, aged just 33.	charlotte coleman died from an asthma attack in islington, north london on 14 november 2001, aged 33.
the lake features excellent opportunities for fishing for both catfish and carp.	the lake features opportunities for fishing for both catfish and carp.
fda-approved drugs include minoxidil and finasteride.	fda-approved medications include minoxidil and finasteride.
the facility was made possible by a generous donation from the wrigley family.	the facility was made possible by a donation from the wrigley family.
this measure is taken by a biased organization and its limitations should be acknowledged as such.	this measure is taken by a partisan organization and its limitations should be acknowledged as such.
the contributions included a $35,000 donation to roarks republican opponent, lawrence wasden, and a $16,500 donation to concerned citizens for family values, an organization run by vandersloot, to pay for attack ads against roark in eastern idaho.	the contributions included a $35,000 donation to roarks republican opponent, lawrence wasden, and a $16,500 donation to concerned citizens for family values, an organization run by vandersloot, to pay for ads against roark in eastern idaho.
the environmental impact of concrete is a complex mixture of not entirely negative effects; while concrete is a major contributor to greenhouse gas pollution , recycling of concrete is increasingly common in structures that have reached the end of their life.	the environmental impact of concrete is a complex mixture of not entirely negative effects; while concrete is a major contributor to greenhouse gas emissions , recycling of concrete is increasingly common in structures that have reached the end of their life.
private universities need only accreditation, otherwise they are free from state interference , as well as from state financing.</div></div>	private universities need only accreditation, otherwise they are free from state control , as well as from state financing.</div></div>
since then, he masterfully translated a dozen books from english and french.	since then, he has translated a dozen books from english and french.
because of the high profile nature of the case, in november 2011 justice minister simon power appointed a respected canadian jurist, ian binnie to review the circumstances and advise the government on whether compensation should be paid.	because of the high profile nature of the case, in november 2011 justice minister simon power appointed a canadian jurist, ian binnie to review the circumstances and advise the government on whether compensation should be paid.
his guitar playing, includes a remarkable range of styles and genres, including jazz, indian classical music, fusion and western classical music, has influenced many other guitarists.	his guitar playing, includes a range of styles and genres, including jazz, indian classical music, fusion and western classical music, has influenced many other guitarists.
the duggars follow the teachings of bill gothard, which include that children not go to college, children should not leave the home until they are married, families do not use birth control and refuse many forms of pre-natal care, stringent social conservatism (including dubious ideas such as young-earth creationism) is strictly enforced and taught at a young age, and gender roles are adhered to.	the duggars follow the teachings of bill gothard, which include that children not go to college, children should not leave the home until they are married, families do not use birth control and refuse many forms of pre-natal care, stringent social conservatism (including ideas such as young-earth creationism) is strictly enforced and taught at a young age, and gender roles are adhered to.
the jelly belly candy company, or simply jelly belly, is a maker of gourmet jelly beans and other candy.	the jelly belly candy company, or simply jelly belly, is a maker of jelly beans and other candy.
noted architecture critic lewis mumford devoted a large part of a chapter of his 1964 book the highway and the city to portmeiron, which he calls an artful and playful little modern village, designed as a whole and all of a piece ... a fantastic collection of architectural relics and impish modern fantasies.	architecture critic lewis mumford devoted a large part of a chapter of his 1964 book the highway and the city to portmeiron, which he calls an artful and playful little modern village, designed as a whole and all of a piece ... a fantastic collection of architectural relics and impish modern fantasies.
the city's economy is heavily dependent on commercial sprawl in its suburbs.	the city's economy is heavily dependent on commercial growth in its suburbs.
the collapse of imperialist russia resulted in an abolishment of police force and control in finland also.	the collapse of russia resulted in an abolishment of police force and control in finland also.
platforms with the offending material removed from the game.	platforms with the related material removed from the game.
superstar doug basham, though the wrestlezone newsletter has disputed it.	employee doug basham, though the wrestlezone newsletter has disputed it.
despite muguruza's retirement in the first round, halep must reach the final and svitolina must win the title in order to have a chance at replacing muguruza as the no.	due to muguruza's retirement in the first round, halep must reach the final and svitolina must win the title in order to have a chance at replacing muguruza as the no.
like black lung's album of the same name, the title was taken from a document that came to light in the mid-1980s detailing a new-world order plan for world domination; a topic that was explored in milton william cooper's infamous book behold a pale horse.	like black lung's album of the same name, the title was taken from a document that came to light in the mid-1980s detailing an alleged new-world order plan for world domination; a topic that was explored in milton william cooper's infamous book behold a pale horse.
over a period of 15 weeks, somewhere between 494 and 1,080 merchant vessels of all types, including fishing boats and other craft, and utilizing germany's largest remaining naval units, carried between 800,000 and 900,000 german occupiers and 350,000 soldiers across the baltic sea to germany and german-occupied denmark.	over a period of 15 weeks, somewhere between 494 and 1,080 merchant vessels of all types, including fishing boats and other craft, and utilizing germany's largest remaining naval units, carried between 800,000 and 900,000 german civilians and 350,000 soldiers across the baltic sea to germany and german-occupied denmark.
the region is one of the world's most extreme deserts, and includes many interesting features including lake vida and the onyx river, antarctica's longest river.	the region is one of the world's most extreme deserts, and includes many features including lake vida and the onyx river, antarctica's longest river.
progressive /conservative bias: regarding the split in political slant.	liberal /conservative bias: regarding the split in political slant.
mcconaghy (2006) published in a sociological journal that he found no relationship between the strength of the effect and degree of homosexual feelings, suggesting the influence of birth order on degree of homosexual feelings was not due to a biological, but a social process.	mcconaghy (2006) published in a sociological journal that he found no relationship between the strength of the effect and degree of homosexual feelings, leading him to conclude that the influence of birth order on degree of homosexual feelings was not due to a biological, but a social process.
in 1997, their discovery was then described in a popular book the bible code by journalist michael drosnin.	in 1997, their claim was then described in a popular book the bible code by journalist michael drosnin.
"the north american man/boy love association (nambla) is a u.s.-based organization that advocates ending ""the oppression of men and boys who have freely chosen, mutually consensual relationships."""	"the north american man/boy love association (nambla) is a u.s.-based organization that advocates the end of what it claims is ""the oppression of men and boys who have freely chosen, mutually consensual relationships."""
over 1700 of those are policemen , nearly 140 police lawyers and 500 civil employees.	over 1700 of those are police officers , nearly 140 police lawyers and 500 civil employees.
this ponderous work contained hitler's views on race, history and politics, including plenty of warning of the fate that awaited his enemies, particularly the jews, should he ever attain power.	this work contained hitler's views on race, history and politics, including plenty of warning of the fate that awaited his enemies, particularly the jews, should he ever attain power.
unfortunately , this was not the case and they were not voted through to the final.	however , this was not the case and they were not voted through to the final.
in february and march 2008, evile supported thrash legends megadeth on the european leg of their tour of duty and the uk leg of their gigantour, opening for american death metal band job for a cowboy.	in february and march 2008, evile supported thrash megadeth on the european leg of their tour of duty and the uk leg of their gigantour, opening for american death metal band job for a cowboy.
the second fitna, or second islamic civil war, was a period of general political and military disorder that afflicted the islamic empire during the early umayyad dynasty, following the death of the first umayyad caliph muawiyah i. historians dates its start variously as 680 or 683 ad and its end as being somewhere between 685 and 692. the war involved the suppression of two challenges to the umayyad dynasty, the first by husayn ibn ali martyred at the battle of karbala in 680) and the second by abd allah ibn al-zubayr (killed in 692).	the second fitna, or second islamic civil war, was a period of general political and military disorder that afflicted the islamic empire during the early umayyad dynasty, following the death of the first umayyad caliph muawiyah i. historians dates its start variously as 680 or 683 ad and its end as being somewhere between 685 and 692. the war involved the suppression of two challenges to the umayyad dynasty, the first by husayn ibn ali (killed at the battle of karbala in 680) and the second by abd allah ibn al-zubayr (killed in 692).
in 2011 sir reginald admitted that he earned as much as 350,000 a year from eight wind turbines located on his estate at bagmoor near normanby hall in lincolnshire.	in 2011 sir reginald said that he earned as much as 350,000 a year from eight wind turbines located on his estate at bagmoor near normanby hall in lincolnshire.
helo is the callsign for karl agathon, in the 2004 best television series battlestar galactica	helo is the callsign for karl agathon, in the 2004 television series battlestar galactica
her changes made it harder for victims to prove their allegations.	her changes made it harder for accusers to prove their allegations.
if the procedure was performed, the victim would have died of suffocation very soon after the lungs were pulled out (since breathing occurs via the diaphragm and chest muscles), and probably lost consciousness due to blood loss and shock before that.	if the procedure was performed, the condemned would have died of suffocation very soon after the lungs were pulled out (since breathing occurs via the diaphragm and chest muscles), and probably lost consciousness due to blood loss and shock before that.
in september 2006, as his sister sgolne became a candidate for the presidency, grard returned to media attention when his brother antoine told le parisien that he had admitted to being the man who planted the bombs which murdered fernando pereira.	in september 2006, as his sister sgolne became a candidate for the presidency, grard returned to media attention when his brother antoine told le parisien that he had admitted to being the man who planted the bombs which killed fernando pereira.
the european union referendum act 2015 (c. 36) is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom to make provision for the holding of a consultative referendum in the united kingdom and gibraltar no later than 31 december 2017 on whether the united kingdom should remain a member of the european union (eu).	the european union referendum act 2015 (c. 36) is an act of the parliament of the united kingdom to make provision for the holding of a referendum in the united kingdom and gibraltar no later than 31 december 2017 on whether the united kingdom should remain a member of the european union (eu).
uterine fibroids are rare in animals , although they have been observed in certain dogs and baltic gray seals.	uterine fibroids are rare in other mammals , although they have been observed in certain dogs and baltic gray seals.
"he is best known for playing omer in the second and third installments of peter jackson's the lord of the rings trilogy, dr. leonard ""bones"" mccoy in the 2009 film star trek and julius caesar on xena: warrior princess."	"he is known for playing omer in the second and third installments of peter jackson's the lord of the rings trilogy, dr. leonard ""bones"" mccoy in the 2009 film star trek and julius caesar on xena: warrior princess."
in 1772 with the partition of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth, the south-eastern part of the former polish-lithuanian commonwealth was awarded to the habsburg empress maria-theresa, whose bureaucrats christened it the kingdom of galicia and lodomeria, after one of the titles of the princes of hungary, although its borders coincided but roughly with those of the former medieval principality.	in 1772 with the partition of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth, the south-eastern part of the former polish-lithuanian commonwealth was awarded to the habsburg empress maria-theresa, whose bureaucrats named it the kingdom of galicia and lodomeria, after one of the titles of the princes of hungary, although its borders coincided but roughly with those of the former medieval principality.
many feminists are opposed to pornography, arguing that it is an industry which exploits women and which is complicit in violence against women, both in its production (where they charge that abuse and exploitation of women performing in pornography is rampant) and in its consumption (where they charge that pornography eroticizes the domination, humiliation, and coercion of women, and reinforces sexual and cultural attitudes that are complicit in rape and sexual harassment).	some feminists are opposed to pornography, arguing that it is an industry which exploits women and which is complicit in violence against women, both in its production (where they charge that abuse and exploitation of women performing in pornography is rampant) and in its consumption (where they charge that pornography eroticizes the domination, humiliation, and coercion of women, and reinforces sexual and cultural attitudes that are complicit in rape and sexual harassment).
the amazing promotions team includes chocolate thunder, t-spoon, discount, sanches, ben j and big d!	the promotions team includes chocolate thunder, t-spoon, discount, sanches, ben j and big d!
uno (formerly universitybus) is a bus service operated by the university of hertfordshire, serving members of the general public, and also its own students and staff (at a discounted rate).	uno (formerly universitybus) is an english bus service operated by the university of hertfordshire, serving members of the general public, and also its own students and staff (at a discounted rate).
alicia c. shepard (born april 27, 1953, in boston, massachusetts) is an award-winning american journalist, author, media writer and expert on the work and lives of bob woodward and carl bernstein.	alicia c. shepard (born april 27, 1953, in boston, massachusetts) is an american journalist, author, media writer and expert on the work and lives of bob woodward and carl bernstein.
the piece starts off slowly, with the melody first taken by the flutes, and then the ravishing solo violin becomes audible with a short cadenza.	the piece starts off slowly, with the melody first taken by the flutes, and then the solo violin becomes audible with a short cadenza.
his period witnessed the tragedy of kerbala, the muslim forces suffered losses in north africa, their supremacy at sea was lost.	his period witnessed the incident of kerbala, the muslim forces suffered losses in north africa, their supremacy at sea was lost.
after their passing , pate's organization, the maurice pate institute for human survival, donated the 100-acre (40.5 ha) property to the mahayana sutra and tantra center of connecticut.	after their death , pate's organization, the maurice pate institute for human survival, donated the 100-acre (40.5 ha) property to the mahayana sutra and tantra center of connecticut.
he also published two excellent introductory books to linguistics: language: the basics (1995) and introducing linguistics (coauthored with bill mayblin) (2000), and several dictionaries on different topics of this science: a dictionary of grammatical terms in linguistics (1993), a dictionary of phonetics and phonology (1996), a student's dictionary of language and linguistics (1997), key concepts in language and linguistics (1999), the dictionary of historical and comparative linguistics (2000) and the penguin dictionary of english grammar (2000).	he also published two introductory books to linguistics: language: the basics (1995) and introducing linguistics (coauthored with bill mayblin) (2000), and several dictionaries on different topics of this science: a dictionary of grammatical terms in linguistics (1993), a dictionary of phonetics and phonology (1996), a student's dictionary of language and linguistics (1997), key concepts in language and linguistics (1999), the dictionary of historical and comparative linguistics (2000) and the penguin dictionary of english grammar (2000).
this spectacular interpretation has been published in top scientific journals, but is the subject of debate.	this interpretation has been published in top scientific journals , but is the subject of debate.
"the screen actors guild yearly gives out awards for ""best male actor"" and ""best female actor""."	"the screen actors guild each year gives out awards for ""best male actor"" and ""best female actor""."
crouch scored 18 league goals in only 37 starts for portsmouth — benefiting from the crossing of robert prosineki — and that in a side that for much of the season looked destined for mid-table mediocrity.	crouch scored 18 league goals in 37 starts for portsmouth — benefiting from the crossing of robert prosineki — and that in a side that for much of the season looked destined for mid-table mediocrity.
kristofer hivju (born december 7, 1978) is a norwegian film actor, producer and writer, best known for his role of tormund giantsbane, in the hbo fantasy series, game of thrones, and jonas in the 2011 film the thing.	kristofer hivju (born december 7, 1978) is a norwegian film actor, producer and writer, known for his role of tormund giantsbane, in the hbo fantasy series, game of thrones, and jonas in the 2011 film the thing.
craven cottage is the name of a picturesque sports stadium in the hammersmith and fulham area that has been the 6.3 acre home ground of the football team fulham f.c.	craven cottage is the name of a sports stadium in the hammersmith and fulham area that has been the 6.3 acre home ground of the football team fulham f.c.
after several anxious laps, fernandez pitted and put rice back into the lead ahead of second place kanaan and third place wheldon, which remained the running order.	after several more laps, fernandez pitted and put rice back into the lead ahead of second place kanaan and third place wheldon, which remained the running order.
during the 2003–04 season, hughes was involved in a vicious car crash in which his mercedes cl500 collided with a renault scenic near the warwickshire village of meriden.	during the 2003–04 season, hughes was involved in a car crash in which his mercedes cl500 collided with a renault scenic near the warwickshire village of meriden.
much of the wwf roster broke character in 1999 when owen hart fell to his death from the rafters of the kemper arena in kansas city (see also raw is owen, the tribute show run by the wwf shortly after his death); much of the onscreen drama of the wwe was similarly shunted aside in 2005 for some weeks after the untimely death of eddie guerrero.	much of the wwf roster broke character in 1999 when owen hart fell to his death from the rafters of the kemper arena in kansas city (see also raw is owen, the tribute show run by the wwf shortly after his death); much of the onscreen drama of the wwe was similarly shunted aside in 2005 for some weeks after the death of eddie guerrero.
brugmann retained a few management staff and hired scab replacements.	brugmann retained a few management staff and hired strikebreaker replacements.
most buddhist scholars hold that the bhagavad gita is post-buddhistic, though its dating remains inexact.	most western scholars hold that the bhagavad gita is post-buddhistic, though its dating remains inexact.
she is best known for her roles as dr. lisa addison in resident evil (2002), mia in love actually (2003), and as liesel's mother in the book thief (2013).	she is known for her roles as dr. lisa addison in resident evil (2002), mia in love actually (2003), and as liesel's mother in the book thief (2013).
an affluent town ranked as the fourth least deprived area in the country encompassing the prestigious four oaks park estate and bordering the little aston private estate where the region's multi-millionaire and billionaires reside.	an affluent town ranked as the fourth least deprived area in the country encompassing the four oaks park estate and bordering the little aston private estate where the region's multi-millionaire and billionaires reside.
"this term is frequently mistranslated as ""holy war""."	"this term is frequently translated as ""holy war""."
despite the vast damage done to beirut during the conflict's most brutal years, the sursock palace and museum lie curiously untouched alongside buildings whose outer walls bear to this day scars caused by the relentless attacks.	despite the vast damage done to beirut during the conflict's most brutal years, the sursock palace and museum lie untouched alongside buildings whose outer walls bear to this day scars caused by the relentless attacks.
the famous children's show, sesame street parodied this talk show and its host as sally messy yuckyael, a grouch character.	the children's show, sesame street parodied this talk show and its host as sally messy yuckyael, a grouch character.
light sound dimension (lsd) was possibly the first psychedelic lightshow and was operated by the legendary bill ham.	light sound dimension (lsd) was possibly the first psychedelic lightshow and was operated by the bill ham.
teddy atlas, jr. (born july 29, 1956 in staten island, new york) is a well-known boxing trainer and fight commentator.	teddy atlas, jr. (born july 29, 1956 in staten island, new york) is a boxing trainer and fight commentator.
st clair honourably took the chiltern hundreds, (making himself ineligible to continue as an mp, and so effectively resigning), and benn returned to the commons after winning a by-election on august 20.	st clair took the chiltern hundreds, (making himself ineligible to continue as an mp, and so effectively resigning), and benn returned to the commons after winning a by-election on august 20.
by redefining the sublime and the beautiful, terms first established by burke himself in a philosophical enquiry into the origin of our ideas of the sublime and beautiful (1756), she undermined his rhetoric as well as his argument.	by redefining the sublime and the beautiful, terms first established by burke himself in a philosophical enquiry into the origin of our ideas of the sublime and beautiful (1756), she sought to undermine his rhetoric as well as his argument.
the story was serialised in crisis from issues 56-61 and has tragically not been reprinted since.	the story was serialised in crisis from issues 56-61 and has not been reprinted since.
"brunstion repeatedly told police officers he was wanted for murder, would rather die right then and there than go back to prison and that he had a ""gun"" in his hand and intended to use it to shoot their police dog if it attacked him."	"brunston repeatedly told police officers he was wanted for murder, would rather die right then and there than go back to prison and that he had a ""gun"" in his hand and intended to use it to shoot their police dog if it attacked him."
the select committee to investigate the incorporation of the baltic states into the u.s.s.r., also known as the kersten committee after its chairman, rep. charles j. kersten was established in 1953 to investigate the forced incorporation of estonia, latvia, and lithuania into the soviet union.	the select committee to investigate the incorporation of the baltic states into the u.s.s.r., also known as the kersten committee after its chairman, rep. charles j. kersten was established in 1953 to investigate the incorporation of estonia, latvia, and lithuania into the soviet union.
he was very close to his mother, who was convinced that he would one day be a great singer, and her death from cancer when he was only 18 affected him greatly.	he was very close to his mother, who was convinced that he would one day be a great singer, and her death from cancer when he was 18 affected him greatly.
she founded promessa organic ab in 1997 to exploit her idea.	she founded promessa organic ab in 1997 to commercially pursue her idea.
hazel was killed tragically in a car accident in 1976. garn was remarried in 1977 to kathleen brewerton, who had a son, brook, from a previous marriage.	hazel was killed in a car accident in 1976. garn was remarried in 1977 to kathleen brewerton, who had a son, brook, from a previous marriage.
schemes differ between europe, where the concept originated, and north america.	arrangements differ between europe, where the concept originated, and north america.
fred osam-duodu is a legendary ghanaian coach and a fifa instructor.	fred osam-duodu is a ghanaian coach and a fifa instructor.
skeptics note that given that the very existence of mj-12 is doubtful, these larger conspiracies are equally dubious.	skeptics claim that given that the very existence of mj-12 is doubtful, these larger conspiracies are equally dubious.
queen is running once again against presnell for his old seat.	queen is running again against presnell for his old seat.
elisabeth singleton moss (born july 24, 1982) is an american actress .	elisabeth singleton moss (born july 24, 1982) is an american actor .
then, starting with the city's conquest by the soviet army in the early months of 1945, ethnic german citizens of the former free city of danzig were either expelled or killed, and the city was put under polish administration by the allied potsdam agreement, and polish settlers were brought in to replace the native german population.	then, starting with the city's conquest by the soviet army in the early months of 1945, ethnic german citizens of the former free city of danzig were either expelled or killed, and the city was put under polish administration by the allied potsdam agreement, and polish settlers were brought in to replace the german population.
frontier of dreams was a major new zealand documentary television series.	frontier of dreams was a new zealand documentary television series.
heber the kenite was, in accordance with the book of judges in the tanakh and the holy bible, a descendant of reuel the midianite, moses' father-in-law.	heber the kenite was, in accordance with the book of judges in the tanakh and the bible, a descendant of reuel the midianite, moses' father-in-law.
many pundits have predicted that this result will cause support for separatism to ebb away.	some pundits have predicted that this result will cause support for separatism to ebb away.
he allows everyone to have some sort of artistic record of themselves, from the highest of critics to tourists from omaha who just wanted to visit a famous new york city museum, and ended up being a part of a fascinating work of art.	he allows everyone to have some sort of artistic record of themselves, from the highest of critics to tourists from omaha who just wanted to visit a famous new york city museum, and ended up being a part of a work of art.
of time magazine's 100 most influential people of the 20th century, only the following five had the distinction of being honored again in the 21st century when time began publishing an annual list of the 100 people who continue to change the world:	of time magazine's 100 most influential people of the 20th century, only the following five had the distinction of being listed again in the 21st century when time began publishing an annual list of the 100 people who continue to change the world:
exploding suicide drones have allegedly been deployed by iran and russia, according to some conservative-leaning american media sources.	exploding suicide drones have allegedly been deployed by iran and russia, according to some american media sources.
while at cornell, ed was selected for membership in the prestigious sphinx head society.	while at cornell, ed was selected for membership in the sphinx head society.
the programmer team can be attacked, but they are invulnerable and retaliate fiercely .	the programmer team can be attacked, but they are invulnerable and retaliate.
two of these groups supposedly originated from israel.	two of these groups , according to the book of mormon, originated from israel.
the mountain is popular for its great hiking and mountain biking opportunities.	the mountain is popular for its hiking and mountain biking opportunities.
"the us has adopted a tough new policy aimed at protecting its interests in space and denying "" adversaries"" access there."	"the us has adopted a new policy aimed at protecting its interests in space and denying ""adversaries"" access there."
gerlach is also known by his highly critical attitude towards the national conservative resistance in nazi germany.	gerlach is also known by his critical attitude towards the national conservative resistance in nazi germany.
fowler covers in detail many vexed issues of usage, from proper plurals and literary techniques to distinctions between similar words and the usage of foreign terms.	fowler covers in detail many vexed issues of usage, from plurals and literary techniques to distinctions between similar words and the usage of foreign terms.
israeli police send seven hundred officers to the arab town of umm al-fahm ahead of a provocative march by right wing activists on the twentieth anniversary of the murder of rabbi meir kahane.	israeli police send seven hundred officers to the arab town of umm al-fahm ahead of a march by right wing activists on the twentieth anniversary of the murder of rabbi meir kahane.
this campaign, which also includes television commercials, has been criticized by colorado's legal pot industry and has been called a scare tactic.	this campaign, which also includes television commercials, has been criticized by colorado's legal cannabis industry and has been called a scare tactic.
murray has received grants from the right-wing bradley foundation to support his scholarship, including the writing of the bell curve.	murray has received grants from the bradley foundation to support his scholarship, including the writing of the bell curve.
some scholars such as wilhelm schmidt argued for primeval monotheism: a monotheistic urreligion, from which polytheistic religions evolved .	some scholars such as wilhelm schmidt argued for primeval monotheism: a monotheistic urreligion, from which polytheistic religions developed .
"in 1993, in an attempt to explain some of the evidence against the steady state theory, he presented a modified version called ""quasi-steady state cosmology"" (qss), but the theory has not captured a significant audience."	"in 1993, in an attempt to explain some of the evidence against the steady state theory, he presented a modified version called ""quasi-steady state cosmology"" (qss), but the theory has not captured a widely receptive audience."
alcohol has been shown to drastically exacerbate all types of orthostatic intolerance due to its vasodilation and dehydration properties.	ethanol has been shown to drastically exacerbate all types of orthostatic intolerance due to its vasodilation and dehydration properties.
david wu (cantonese: ng dai-wai, ; born october 2, 1966 boston, massachusetts), also known by the nickname wu-man, is a well-known chinese american film actor, tv personality and formerly mtv asia and channel v video jockey.	david wu (cantonese: ng dai-wai, ; born october 2, 1966 boston, massachusetts), also known by the nickname wu-man, is a chinese american film actor, tv personality and formerly mtv asia and channel v video jockey.
on the same day, he flew to holland and osterberg, in order to take part in panathinaikos' summer preparation.	on the same day, he travelled to holland and osterberg, in order to take part in panathinaikos' summer preparation.
in 1965, adams was forced to accept parts in japanese b- movies.	in 1965, adams was forced to accept parts in japanese movies.
programs in this style included tales from fat tulip's garden (continued in fat tulip too), odysseus: the greatest hero of them all (a retelling of the iliad and the odyssey), and blood and honey (tales from the old testament, filmed on location in palestine ).	programs in this style included tales from fat tulip's garden (continued in fat tulip too), odysseus: the greatest hero of them all (a retelling of the iliad and the odyssey), and blood and honey (tales from the old testament, filmed on location in israel ).
he continued to dominate the ahl in 1996-97, and finally earned his big break around mid-season with an extended call-up to the canucks.	he continued to produce in the ahl in 1996-97, and finally earned his big break around mid-season with an extended call-up to the canucks.
a project instigated by paul mccartney, the filmed rehearsals were marked by ill-feeling, leading to george harrison's temporary departure from the group.	a project initiated by paul mccartney, the filmed rehearsals were marked by ill-feeling, leading to george harrison's temporary departure from the group.
his father anglicized his name when he first came to the u.s.a..	his father anglicized his name when he first immigrated to the u.s.a..
in particular, it taught a generation of naval officers the misleading lesson that ramming was the best way to sink enemy ironclads.	in particular, it taught a generation of naval officers the lesson that ramming was the best way to sink enemy ironclads.
in the 1960s historians showed that the nra was a composite based on input from only americans--it was modeled after the 1917 war industries board of woodrow wilson; hawley found no european models whatever.	in the 1960s historians generally maintained that the nra was a composite based on input from only americans--it was modeled after the 1917 war industries board of woodrow wilson; hawley found no european models whatever.
furthermore, delivery of the lighting apparatus for each tower was delayed by excess demand from lighthouse expansion in the united states and a bottleneck in the delivery of the french lenses.	furthermore, delivery of the lighting apparatus for each tower was delayed by competing demand from lighthouse expansion in the united states and a bottleneck in the delivery of the french lenses.
moreover, it was not the first time cartel members have stolen the bodies of their associates in mexico's drug war.	moreover, it was not the first time cartel members have recovered the bodies of their associates in mexico's drug war.
this conflict took on a bizarre turn when aunt may had his enemy, doctor otto octavius (also known as doctor octopus) as an apparent sweetheart; peter struggled to deal with his enemy's game while not hurting his aunt.	this conflict took on a unusual turn when aunt may had his enemy, doctor otto octavius (also known as doctor octopus) as an apparent sweetheart; peter struggled to deal with his enemy's game while not hurting his aunt.
a well-known 2000 horror film, the cell, contains a scene that was heavily influenced by nerdrum's 1990 painting, dawn.	a 2000 horror film, the cell, contains a scene that was heavily influenced by nerdrum's 1990 painting, dawn.
the juxtaposition of the beautiful singing of meadows choir and the killing of brendan is similar to the baptism sequence in the godfather when michael has his enemies killed during the christening of his sister's child.	the juxtaposition of the singing of meadows choir and the killing of brendan is similar to the baptism sequence in the godfather when michael has his enemies killed during the christening of his sister's child.
after the assassination, many world leaders expressed shock and sorrow, some going on television and radio to address their countrymen .	after the assassination, many world leaders expressed shock and sorrow, some going on television and radio to address their nations .
a popular party in which many people get together and have sexual intercourse.	a party in which many people get together and have sexual intercourse.
upon moving back to his home town, hatcher finds it taken over by a gang of vicious jamaican drug dealers, led by the horrifying screwface (played well by basil wallace).	upon moving back to his home town, hatcher finds it taken over by a gang of vicious jamaican drug dealers, led by the horrifying screwface (played by basil wallace).
under the command of the british minister to china, claude maxwell macdonald, the legation staff and security personnel defended the compound with small arms and one old muzzle-loaded cannon discovered and unearthed by chinese collaborators who turned it over to the allies; it was nicknamed the international gun because the barrel was british, the carriage was italian, the shells were russian, and the crew was american.	under the command of the british minister to china, claude maxwell macdonald, the legation staff and security personnel defended the compound with small arms and one old muzzle-loaded cannon discovered and unearthed by chinese christians who turned it over to the allies; it was nicknamed the international gun because the barrel was british, the carriage was italian, the shells were russian, and the crew was american.
the dark triad of personalities is a group of three personality deficiencies : narcissism, machiavellianism, and psychopathy.	the dark triad of personalities is a group of three personality traits : narcissism, machiavellianism, and psychopathy.
that paramtman is believed by followers of the swaminarayan sampraday to have manifested as lord swaminarayan.	that paramtman is believed by followers of the swaminarayan faith to have manifested as lord swaminarayan.
the greek orthodox church of antioch is the most ancient christian church in the world.	the greek orthodox church of antioch claims the status as the most ancient christian church in the world.
he was fired in 1994 after his out-of-control drug use resulted in him missing an important client presentation.	he was fired in 1994 after his drug use resulted in him missing an important client presentation.
this 1981 album also boasted guest appearances by several distinguished jazz musicians: herbie hancock, weather report's wayne shorter and peter erskine, harmonica virtuoso toots thielemans and hubert laws.	this 1981 album also boasted guest appearances by several distinguished jazz musicians: herbie hancock, weather report's wayne shorter and peter erskine, harmonica player toots thielemans and hubert laws.
"some costumes commonly thought of as typically chinese, such as the qipao, are the result of influence by brutal laws (queue order) imposed by manchurian rulers of the qing dynasty, and are regarded by some advocates as not being ""traditionally"" han."	"some costumes commonly thought of as typically chinese, such as the qipao, are the result of influence by laws (queue order) imposed by manchurian rulers of the qing dynasty, and are regarded by some advocates as not being ""traditionally"" han."
"canadian prime minister stephen harper expressed his unequivocal support for israel's actions, calling the israeli response ""measured""."	"canadian prime minister stephen harper expressed his support for israel's actions, calling the israeli response ""measured""."
this means that everything that goes on at a rainbow gathering, from digging communal latrines to creating beautiful communal kitchens to ceremonies happen because people voluntarily offer their time and energy to create those things.	this means that everything that goes on at a rainbow gathering, from digging communal latrines to creating communal kitchens to ceremonies happen because people voluntarily offer their time and energy to create those things.
the nonborn king is the third book in the saga of pliocene exile, and it introduces the fascinating character of marc remillard, the angel of the abyss, the adversary, or abaddon, who sought to overthrow the galactic milieu and make humanity supreme.	the nonborn king is the third book in the saga of pliocene exile, and it introduces the character of marc remillard, the angel of the abyss, the adversary, or abaddon, who sought to overthrow the galactic milieu and make humanity supreme.
during the troubles five people were murdered in or near garvagh, all of them by the provisional irish republican army.	during the troubles five people were killed in or near garvagh, all of them by the provisional irish republican army.
"the chinese word for ""crisis"" is frequently invoked in motivational speaking along with the fallacious statement that the two characters it is composed of represent ""danger"" and (supposedly) ""opportunity."""	"the chinese word for ""crisis"" is frequently invoked in motivational speaking along with the statement that the two characters it is composed of represent ""danger"" and (supposedly) ""opportunity."""
ethiopias anti-terrorism proclamation was introduced in 2009. the overly broad provisions of the anti-terrorism proclamation allow the authorities to criminalize the exercise of freedom of expression.	ethiopias anti-terrorism proclamation was introduced in 2009. the broad provisions of the anti-terrorism proclamation allow the authorities to criminalize the exercise of freedom of expression.
up until the fateful defeat in 1919, the kukis were an independent people ruled by their chieftains.	up until the defeat in 1919, the kukis were an independent people ruled by their chieftains.
this is a list of characters from the long-running my little pony toy franchise.	this is a list of characters from the my little pony toy franchise.
jackson was appointed major general after this success .	jackson was appointed major general after this action .
meir and the israeli defense committee felt that the world did not adequately respond and therefore authorized the mossad to murder black september and pflp (operation bayonet) operatives wherever they could be found (morris 1999).	meir and the israeli defense committee felt that the world did not adequately respond and therefore authorized the mossad to kill black september and pflp (operation bayonet) operatives wherever they could be found (morris 1999).
will young continues to be a credible recording artist.	will young continues to be a recording artist.
"switched raved : ""...but i found in 'folklore' a beautiful soundtrack, an intelligent story, characters i actually care about, a witty sense of humor, and a creative surrealism."""	"switched stated : ""...but i found in 'folklore' a beautiful soundtrack, an intelligent story, characters i actually care about, a witty sense of humor, and a creative surrealism."""
he would indeed have had the financial resources and was widely considered to be clever and mischievous enough to devise such a complex system of traps.	he would indeed have had the financial resources and was widely considered to be clever and mischievous enough to devise a complex system of traps.
ford monday night football, a live real football broadcast by sky sports (1992-2007) and (2010-present)	ford monday night football, a live association football broadcast by sky sports (1992-2007) and (2010-present)
the story centers on elphaba, the misunderstood green-skinned girl who grows up to become the infamous wicked witch of the west.	the story centers on elphaba, the misunderstood green-skinned girl who grows up to become the notorious wicked witch of the west.
the finest academic law library in the region is located in the very faculty building, occupying the area of around 2,000 sq.	the academic law library in the region is located in the very faculty building, occupying the area of around 2,000 sq.
a native of new york city, wilson was one of the most prolific collaborators in the hollywood music industry for more than three decades.	a native of new york city, wilson was one of the prolific collaborators in the hollywood music industry for more than three decades.
"the infamous ""you're winner !"""	"the ""you're winner !"""
this vastly generalizes the concept of the curvature of a connection.	this generalizes the concept of the curvature of a connection.
"staff of former treasurer peter costello banned crikey from the 2005, 2006 and 2007 budget 'lock ups', in which financial journalists are shown the federal budget papers some hours in advance so that their publications can report the budget in depth as soon as it is released, on the uncertain grounds that crikey is not considered to be part of the ""mainstream media""."	"staff of former treasurer peter costello banned crikey from the 2005, 2006 and 2007 budget 'lock ups', in which financial journalists are shown the federal budget papers some hours in advance so that their publications can report the budget in depth as soon as it is released, on the grounds that crikey is not considered to be part of the ""mainstream media""."
this area of idaho is currently predominantly lds, and many church leaders have come from this area.	this area of idaho is predominantly lds, and many church leaders have come from this area.
ebaums world illegal mirror of g.i joe videos	ebaums world mirror of g.i joe videos
under millers leadership, the center sponsored nationally known writers such as maya angelou, isabel allende, and frank mccourt, while also championing oklahoma writers, via the oklahoma writers hall of fame.	under millers leadership, the center sponsored nationally known writers such as maya angelou, isabel allende, and frank mccourt, while also presenting oklahoma writers, via the oklahoma writers hall of fame.
the european union, on the other hand, opposed these harsh policies.	the european union, on the other hand, opposed these policies.
station facilities here have recently been improved as part of the successful tees valley metro project.	station facilities here have recently been improved as part of the tees valley metro project.
the party also advocates the provision of extra resources for special needs children of british descent, and the reversal of closures of special needs schools.	the party also advocates the provision of extra resources for special needs children of approved ethnic descent, and the reversal of closures of special needs schools.
military intervention and deployments have been persistent components of u.s. foreign policy, see list of united states military history events, as have illegal covert actions for regime change, see covert u.s. regime change actions.	military intervention and deployments have been persistent components of u.s. foreign policy, see list of united states military history events, as have covert actions for regime change, see covert u.s. regime change actions.
... that amanda barnes smith supposedly healed her son's shattered hip by divine inspiration after the haun's mill massacre?	... that amanda barnes smith allegedly healed her son's shattered hip by divine inspiration after the haun's mill massacre?
he is a great fan of serbian football club crvena zvezda (red star belgrade).	he is a keen fan of serbian football club crvena zvezda (red star belgrade).
realizing that their participation in the war on drugs undermined the fulfillment of that pledge, the men and women of leap joined forces to take action.	after deciding that their participation in the war on drugs undermined the fulfillment of that pledge, the men and women of leap joined forces to take action.
david orme-johnson, former faculty member at maharishi university of management (at which all students and faculty practice tm daily) who has researched transcendental meditation and the paranormal maharishi effect, cites studies by schecter , alexander , and pelletier showing greater autonomy, innovative thought, and increases in creativity, general intelligence and moral reasoning in tm practitioners.	david orme-johnson, former faculty member at maharishi university of management (at which all students and faculty practice tm daily) who has researched transcendental meditation and the controversial maharishi effect, cites studies by schecter , alexander , and pelletier showing greater autonomy, innovative thought, and increases in creativity, general intelligence and moral reasoning in tm practitioners.
les claypool's fancy band is the most current group of fiery individuals to go on tour with les claypool.	les claypool's fancy band is the most current group of individuals to go on tour with les claypool.
due to a moratorium on commercial whaling by the international whaling commission, japanese whaling is currently restricted to research hunts conducted by the institute of cetacean research.	due to a moratorium on commercial whaling by the international whaling commission, japanese whaling is currently restricted to hunts conducted by the institute of cetacean research.
however, the libertine scandals of marie louise lisabeth at the chteau de la muette forced a frustrated marie anne to resign her post in 1716.	however, the libertine scandals of marie louise lisabeth at the chteau de la muette made a frustrated marie anne to resign her post in 1716.
just like any other cult movie, it had to be made, fail utterly , and be revived again 30 years later before it could be appreciated and understood (burridge, 2005).	just like any other cult movie, it had to be made, fail commercially , and be revived again 30 years later before it could be appreciated and understood (burridge, 2005).
lorenzo learns that he has a daughter as a result of his frivolous sexual encounter and begins to visit her at her school while meeting her babysitter beln.	lorenzo learns that he has a daughter as a result of his casual sexual encounter and begins to visit her at her school while meeting her babysitter beln.
unfortunately , these games did not reach a wide audience, being released on the apple macintosh platform, and only durandal being released on the pc.	however , these games did not reach a wide audience, being released on the apple macintosh platform, and only durandal being released on the pc.
despite high scores and praises from the judges throughout the season, biles and farber were shockingly eliminated on may 15, 2017, one week before the finals, finishing in fourth place.	despite high scores and praises from the judges throughout the season, biles and farber were eliminated on may 15, 2017, one week before the finals, finishing in fourth place.
after four solid seasons, cosby was canceled.	after four seasons, cosby was canceled.
wright worked to show how vegan studies and vegan theory provide a new lens for ecocritical textual analysis, noting that:	wright worked to show how vegan studies and vegan theory provide a new lens for ecocritical textual analysis, arguing that:
zantzinger instead served his brief time in the comparative safety of the washington county jail, some 70 miles from the scene of the crime.	zantzinger instead served his time in the comparative safety of the washington county jail, some 70 miles from the scene of the crime.
in addition, hussein ibrahim, the vice president and chief scientist of ptech, was vice chairman of a now defunct investment group called bmi, a company the fbi has named as a conduit used by al-qadi to launder money to hamas terrorists .	in addition, hussein ibrahim, the vice president and chief scientist of ptech, was vice chairman of a now defunct investment group called bmi, a company the fbi has named as a conduit used by al-qadi to launder money to hamas militants .
the merseysiders were awarded a controversial penalty on the hour mark following a foul by clive goodyear, but john aldridge's shot was saved by beasant, who thus became the first keeper to save a penalty in a wembley fa cup final.	the merseysiders were awarded a penalty on the hour mark following a foul by clive goodyear, but john aldridge's shot was saved by beasant, who thus became the first keeper to save a penalty in a wembley fa cup final.
one key element that will move under twenty-fourth air force is the air force's premier network warfare wing, the 67th network warfare wing, headquartered at lackland air force base, texas.	one key element that will move under twenty-fourth air force is the air force's primary network warfare wing, the 67th network warfare wing, headquartered at lackland air force base, texas.
"joss whedon's script for the pilot (""welcome to the hellmouth""; the first episode of buffy) indicates that the character's actual name is heinrich joseph nest and is over 600 years old; however, his appearance in the episode darla proves that he's far older, as he already had a demonic appearance in the 17th century."	"joss whedon's script for the pilot (""welcome to the hellmouth""; the first episode of buffy) indicates that the character's actual name is heinrich joseph nest and is over 600 years old; however, his appearance in the episode darla suggests that he's far older, as he already had a demonic appearance in the 17th century."
while the speech was highly anticipated and generally acclaimed by the muslim world, many extremist muslims criticized it, even before it was delivered.	while the speech was highly anticipated and generally acclaimed by the muslim world, many muslims criticized it, even before it was delivered.
nick young (booboo stewart) is a high school freshman struggling with asperger syndrome who idolizes his perfect older brother chaz young (harry shum jr.).	nick young (booboo stewart) is a high school freshman with asperger syndrome who idolizes his perfect older brother chaz young (harry shum jr.).
"wales described sanger as having been merely a subordinate employee, and stated of the co-founder claim , ""i know of no one who was there at the company at the beginning who would think it anything other than laughable."""	"wales described sanger as having been merely a subordinate employee, and stated of the co-founder issue , ""i know of no one who was there at the company at the beginning who would think it anything other than laughable."""
merrill reese, who joined the eagles in the mid-1970s, is the play-by-play announcer, and former eagles wide receiver mike quick, who replaced the beloved offense lineman stan walters, is the color analyst.	merrill reese, who joined the eagles in the mid-1970s, is the play-by-play announcer, and former eagles wide receiver mike quick, who replaced the offense lineman stan walters, is the color analyst.
the book begins with a description of the lands, laws, and customs of the germans (chapters 1–27); it then segues into descriptions of individual tribes, beginning with those dwelling closest to roman lands and ending on the uttermost shores of the baltic sea, with a description of the primitive and savage fenni and the unknown tribes beyond them.	the book begins with a description of the lands, laws, and customs of the tribes (chapters 1–27); it then segues into descriptions of individual tribes, beginning with those dwelling closest to roman lands and ending on the uttermost shores of the baltic sea, with a description of the primitive and savage fenni and the unknown tribes beyond them.
they first used the name swastika in their 1907 annual report to indicate a water tank was located at this site to meet the needs of the mighty steam trains that opened up northern ontario.	they first used the name swastika in their 1907 annual report to indicate a water tank was located at this site to meet the needs of the steam trains that opened up northern ontario.
david darnell brown (born march 15 1981), better known as young buck, is an american rapper who is a member of the popular rap group g-unit.	david darnell brown (born march 15 1981), better known as young buck, is an american rapper who is a member of the rap group g-unit.
kanal a is slovenia's first private television network, commencing broadcasts in november 1990, shortly before the dissolution of communist-ruled yugoslavia.	kanal a is slovenia's first private television network, commencing broadcasts in november 1990, shortly before the dissolution of yugoslavia.
he was born in hyderabad, telangana, to reba vidyarthi, a renowned kathak dancer of bengali origin and govind vidyarthi, a malayali theater personality from thalassery, kannur.	he was born in hyderabad, telangana, to reba vidyarthi, a kathak dancer of bengali origin and govind vidyarthi, a malayali theater personality from thalassery, kannur.
three of the chesapeake's crew had been killed and 18 wounded, including barron, by the unprovoked attack.	three of the chesapeake's crew had been killed and 18 wounded, including barron, by the attack.
the movie is produced by charles band, and is split up into seven bizarre story segments, each written and directed by a different person: dave allen, charles band, john carl buechler, steven ford, peter manoogian, ted nicolaou, and rosemarie turko.	the movie is produced by charles band, and is split up into seven distinct story segments, each written and directed by a different person: dave allen, charles band, john carl buechler, steven ford, peter manoogian, ted nicolaou, and rosemarie turko.
stephen william bragg (born december 20, 1957), known as billy bragg, is a left-wing english musician renowned for his blend of folk, punk-rock, and protest music, and his lyrics dealing with political as well as romantic themes.	stephen william bragg (born december 20, 1957), known as billy bragg, is a english musician renowned for his blend of folk, punk-rock, and protest music, and his lyrics dealing with political as well as romantic themes.
recent changes in the political landscape have brought about legislative initiatives to make it legal for common citizens to carry concealed guns with them for defense.	recent changes in the political landscape have brought about legislative initiatives to make it legal for citizens to carry concealed guns with them for defense.
ironically even the more radical activists such as malcolm x and louis farrakhan both had white grandparents.	even the more radical activists such as malcolm x and louis farrakhan both had white grandparents.
per her wishes, the bulk of her estate was donated to the new york community trust where charitable gifts are distributed through the bonnie cashin fund,and her extensive personal design archive is owned and maintained by preeminent cashin scholar and protegee stephanie lake.	per her wishes, the bulk of her estate was donated to the new york community trust where charitable gifts are distributed through the bonnie cashin fund,and her extensive personal design archive is owned and maintained by the cashin scholar and protegee stephanie lake.
dolly lenz - new york city real estate super agent	dolly lenz - new york city real estate agent
the conflict had various underlying political, cultural and ethnic causes, like serbophobia, anti-croatian sentiment, anti-bosniak sentiment and islamophobia .	the conflict had various underlying political, cultural and ethnic causes, like serbophobia, anti-croatian sentiment, anti-bosniak sentiment and religious prejudice against islam .
the was a series of equipment failures, nuclear meltdowns and releases of radioactive materials at the fukushima i nuclear power plant, following the thoku earthquake and tsunami on 11 march 2011. it is the largest nuclear disaster since the chernobyl disaster of 1986 and only the second disaster (along with chernobyl) to measure level 7 on the international nuclear event scale.	the was a series of equipment failures, nuclear meltdowns and releases of radioactive materials at the fukushima i nuclear power plant, following the thoku earthquake and tsunami on 11 march 2011. it is the largest nuclear disaster since the chernobyl disaster of 1986 and the second disaster (along with chernobyl) to measure level 7 on the international nuclear event scale.
"in star trek vi: the undiscovered country, which dealt with cross-species racism (speciecism), the word ""man"" was changed to the gender- and race -neutral ""one"" by kirk:"	"in star trek vi: the undiscovered country, which dealt with cross-species racism (speciecism), the word ""man"" was changed to the gender- and species -neutral ""one"" by kirk:"
notably taking away the footwear of an arrested person and hereby forcing him or her to remain in bare feet has been used for visibly marking captives, prisoners and slaves in almost every culture.	notably taking away the footwear of an unfree person and hereby forcing him or her to remain in bare feet has been used for visibly marking captives, prisoners and slaves in almost every culture.
despite the show's enduring popularity and loyal fanbase, married ... with children was never a huge ratings success.	despite the show's enduring popularity and fanbase, married ... with children was never a huge ratings success.
oskar dinort (23 june 1901 27 may 1965) was a german world war ii luftwaffe stuka pilot and first stuka pilot to be awarded the coveted knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves.	oskar dinort (23 june 1901 27 may 1965) was a german world war ii luftwaffe stuka pilot and first stuka pilot to be awarded the knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves.
unfortunately , the dht always had trouble retaining a permanent internet location.	however , the dht always had trouble retaining a permanent internet location.
microsoft provides a compatibility pack to read and write office open xml files with office 2000, xp and 2003. the compatibility pack can also be used as a stand-alone converter with microsoft office 97. this might be helpful to convert older microsoft office files via office open xml to odf if a direct conversion doesn't work satisfyingly .	microsoft provides a compatibility pack to read and write office open xml files with office 2000, xp and 2003. the compatibility pack can also be used as a stand-alone converter with microsoft office 97. this might be helpful to convert older microsoft office files via office open xml to odf if a direct conversion doesn't work as expected .
he worked as muwaqqit (, religious timekeeper) in the umayyad mosque in damascus and constructed a magnificent sundial for its minaret in 1371/72.	he worked as muwaqqit (, religious timekeeper) in the umayyad mosque in damascus and constructed a sundial for its minaret in 1371/72.
however in authoritarian societies such as iran, where the ruling class chose not to employ trade unions for determining the rate of exploitation, t'aarof, as an individual (and at times collective) bargaining technique between wage slaves and capitalists, persevered.	however in authoritarian societies such as iran, where the ruling class chose not to employ trade unions for determining the rate of exploitation, t'aarof, as an individual (and at times collective) bargaining technique between wage earners and capitalists, persevered.
on 1 january 1957 at the beginning of the ira border campaign, he led the unsuccessful attack on brookeborough royal ulster constabulary barracks in which his comrades sen south and fergal o'hanlon, both the subjects of well-known republican ballads, were shot and fatally wounded.	on 1 january 1957 at the beginning of the ira border campaign, he led the unsuccessful attack on brookeborough royal ulster constabulary barracks in which his associates sen south and fergal o'hanlon, both the subjects of well-known republican ballads, were shot and fatally wounded.
majestic view of lake geneva and the french alps	view of lake geneva and the french alps
the term derives from the book of mormon, which mormons believe is a scriptural witness of jesus christ that is comparable to the bible.	the term derives from the book of mormon, which mormons believe is a scriptural witness of jesus of nazareth that is comparable to the bible.
however, fbm software asserts that the megaupload toolbar is free of spyware.	however, fbm software claimed that the megaupload toolbar is free of spyware.
"the reconquista (""reconquest""), also greater mexico, is the fictional characterization of the increased demographic and cultural presence of mexicans in the southwestern united states, an area that was part of mexico before the texas annexation (1845) and the mexican cession (1848), as a trend leading toward territorial losses by the united states."	"the reconquista (""reconquest""), also greater mexico, is the characterization of the increased demographic and cultural presence of mexicans in the southwestern united states, an area that was part of mexico before the texas annexation (1845) and the mexican cession (1848), as a trend leading toward territorial losses by the united states."
declan is the father of charlotte's unborn baby and sadly dies at the end of season 2.	declan is the father of charlotte's unborn baby and dies at the end of season 2.
unsurprisingly he failed to pass physical examinations.	he failed to pass physical examinations.
southwest claims that the 737-800 could possibly give them more scheduling flexibility to allow additional capacity in high-demand, slot-restricted, or gate-restricted airports.	southwest states that the 737-800 could possibly give them more scheduling flexibility to allow additional capacity in high-demand, slot-restricted, or gate-restricted airports.
the reason why many americans found the quote funny was mostly that they either considered the polish contribution to the 2003 invasion of iraq insignificant or believed that poland was not part of the invasion at all and that bush's rebuttal was another one of his laughable mistakes.	the reason why many americans found the quote funny was mostly that they either considered the polish contribution to the 2003 invasion of iraq insignificant or believed that poland was not part of the invasion at all and that bush's rebuttal was another one of his sometimes humorous mistakes.
cocaine's high revenues may be due to the drug's psychologically addictive nature, which makes the cessation of use quite difficult when compared to non- addictive drugs such as marijuana.	cocaine's high revenues may be due to the drug's psychologically addictive nature, which makes the cessation of use quite difficult when compared to less addictive drugs such as marijuana.
charterhouse school is a prestigious british public school, located in godalming in the county of surrey.	charterhouse school is a p british public school, located in godalming in the county of surrey.
it is part of the open-source gnome desktop software suite.	it is part of the free software gnome desktop software suite.
the distinctive gateway house is now grade ii listed.	the gateway house is now grade ii listed.
he comes from a distinguished academic family: his father, zsigmond pl pach was a well known historian, and his uncle pl turn was one of the best known hungarian mathematicians.	he comes from a noted academic family: his father, zsigmond pl pach was a well known historian, and his uncle pl turn was one of the best known hungarian mathematicians.
"nadia savchenko is a ukrainian ex-paratrooper, and a helicopter navigator, who was captured by the separatists while she was helping the pro- regime paramilitary ""aydar"" battalion near luhansk."	"nadia savchenko is a ukrainian ex-paratrooper, and a helicopter navigator, who was captured by the separatists while she was helping the pro- ukrainian paramilitary ""aydar"" battalion near luhansk."
director david dobkin had a difficult time choosing a suitable asian actress who could do movement work, emote well and speak decent english.	director david dobkin had a difficult time choosing a suitable asian actress who could do movement work, emote well and speak excellent english.
in this way, crm helps companies understand, as well as anticipate, the needs of current and potential customers.	in this way, crm is intended to help companies understand, as well as anticipate, the needs of current and potential customers.
pauline mclynn (born 1962), actress (mrs. doyle), comedienne and author.	pauline mclynn (born 1962), actress (mrs. doyle), comedian and author.
the u.s. genocidal bombing of tokyo during world war ii took place between 1942 and 1945.	the u.s. bombing of tokyo during world war ii took place between 1942 and 1945.
in 2016, kookaburra will be releasing exciting new ranges.	in 2016, kookaburra will be releasing new ranges.
the family first party (ffp/f1) is an australian political party.	the family first party (ffp/f1) is a socially conservative australian political party.
god pronounces the ten commandments (the ethical decalogue) in the hearing of all israel.	god pronounces the ten commandments (the decalogue) in the hearing of all israel.
he is the de facto head of government of the netherlands and coordinates the policy of the government.	the prime minister is the de facto head of government of the netherlands and coordinates the policy of the government.
he died less than a year later on april 4th, 2011 aged just 54. his cause of death is still uncertain.	he died less than a year later on april 4th, 2011 aged 54. his cause of death is still uncertain.
after a long spell in the segunda divisin b the club was finally promoted in 2003. after only two years, it spectacularly promoted to the top flight, after taking the championship with a famous last day victory at local rivals xerez cd.	after a long spell in the segunda divisin b the club was finally promoted in 2003. after only two years, it spectacularly promoted to the top flight, after taking the championship with a last day victory at local rivals xerez cd.
the package of the album was very symplistic and ambitious at the same time.	the package of the album was intended to be symplistic and ambitious at the same time.
location and kidnapping of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann	location and capture of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann
car bombings through the rest of 1983 included attacks against the u.s. and french embassies in kuwait, the invading israeli army's headquarters in tyre, and the extremely destructive attacks on the u.s. marine and french paratrooper barracks in beirut on october 23, 1983.	car bombings through the rest of 1983 included attacks against the u.s. and french embassies in kuwait, the israeli army's headquarters in tyre, and the extremely destructive attacks on the u.s. marine and french paratrooper barracks in beirut on october 23, 1983.
"because of their ""heel"" status, and storm's penchant for wearing cowboy hats, the team is often jeered as ""brokeback mountain"", a reference to the horrible movie about homosexual cowboys."	"because of their ""heel"" status, and storm's penchant for wearing cowboy hats, the team is often jeered as ""brokeback mountain"", a reference to the movie about homosexual cowboys."
"a chicago tribune book reviewer observed that that the book is ""so right on target, that it scarcely matters whether it was intended as warning or revenge."""	"a chicago tribune book reviewer wrote that that the book is ""so right on target, that it scarcely matters whether it was intended as warning or revenge."""
there are also other sexy subplots in the film where kelly's friend, kaya, falls in love with charming bus boy, carlos; kelly's other friend, alexa (played by katherine bailess), schemes to keep justin and kelly from meeting; justin's friend, brandon (played by greg siff), is always getting on the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman; and justin's other friend, eddie (played by brian dietzen), tries to hook up with his cyberpal he has been corresponding with.	there are also other subplots in the film where kelly's friend, kaya, falls in love with charming bus boy, carlos; kelly's other friend, alexa (played by katherine bailess), schemes to keep justin and kelly from meeting; justin's friend, brandon (played by greg siff), is always getting on the wrong side of a sexy beach patrolwoman; and justin's other friend, eddie (played by brian dietzen), tries to hook up with his cyberpal he has been corresponding with.
it is unfortunately closed to the public indefinitely.	it is closed to the public indefinitely.
one obvious human impact on the atmosphere is the air pollution in our cities.	one obvious human impact on the atmosphere is the air pollution in cities.
unfortunately rohan and aisam lost in the quarter-final to eventual finalists robin haase and david martin 4-6,5-7. the duo however took the opportunity to launch their official 'stop war start tennis' merchandise which is now available to fans across the world.	however, rohan and aisam lost in the quarter-final to eventual finalists robin haase and david martin 4-6,5-7. the duo however took the opportunity to launch their official 'stop war start tennis' merchandise which is now available to fans across the world.
his results and conclusions have been discredited (pratkanis 1992; moore 1992; boese 2006:194).	his results and conclusions have been challenged (pratkanis 1992; moore 1992; boese 2006:194).
luskin created the innovative lifepath family of mutual funds, for which he is the named inventor on a us patent.	luskin created the lifepath family of mutual funds, for which he is the named inventor on a us patent.
lostpedia wiki was set up in order to keep track of the numerous mysteries, facts, and theories surrounding abc's hit series lost.	lostpedia wiki was set up in order to keep track of the numerous mysteries, facts, and theories surrounding abc's series lost.
stareton is a small upmarket hamlet in warwickshire, england.	stareton is a small hamlet in warwickshire, england.
according to black, he had asked hodgson to marry him, and was devastated when she abruptly ended their relationship, in part due to his deviant sexual demands.	according to black, he had asked hodgson to marry him, and was devastated when she abruptly ended their relationship, in part due to his unusual sexual demands.
putting aside their previous hostility, poland and lithuania saw that they shared common enemies, most notably the teutonic knights; this situation was the direct incentive for the union of krewo in 1385. the compact hinged on the marriage of the polish queen jadwiga to jogaila , who became king of poland under the name wadysaw ii.	putting aside their previous hostility, poland and lithuania saw that they shared common enemies, most notably the teutonic knights; this situation was the direct incentive for the union of krewo in 1385. the compact hinged on the marriage of the polish queen jadwiga to jagiello , who became king of poland under the name wadysaw ii.
with the disputed victory of george w. bush in the closely contested 2000 election, the republican party gained control of the presidency and both houses of congress for the first time since 1952, only to lose control of the senate by one vote when vermont senator james jeffords left the republican party to become an independent in 2001 and chose to vote with the democratic caucus.	with the controversial victory of george w. bush in the closely contested 2000 election, the republican party gained control of the presidency and both houses of congress for the first time since 1952, only to lose control of the senate by one vote when vermont senator james jeffords left the republican party to become an independent in 2001 and chose to vote with the democratic caucus.
a 12th century hungarian chronicle, gesta hungarorum, affirms that when the magyars arrived in pannonia, the surrounding areas were inhabited by vlachs (romanians).	a 12th century hungarian chronicle, gesta hungarorum, claims that when the magyars arrived in pannonia, the surrounding areas were inhabited by vlachs (romanians).
though these films were very profitable, many fans felt they ignored the elaborate plotting that was a significant feature of the tv series, and that they focused too much on star tom cruise rather than on the team aspect of the series.	though these films were very profitable, many fans felt they ignored the elaborate plotting that was a significant feature of the tv series, and that they focused too much on tom cruise rather than on the team aspect of the series.
clearplay is an advanced parental control dvd player that allows content filtering of ordinary dvd films, purchased or rented.	clearplay is an parental control dvd player that allows content filtering of ordinary dvd films, purchased or rented.
the school district 46 sunshine coast operates anglophone public schools in the region.	the school district 46 sunshine coast operates public schools in the region.
"in 2006, the canadian house of commons passed a symbolic motion recognizing the ""qubcois as a nation within a united canada."""	"in 2006, the canadian house of commons passed a motion recognizing the ""qubcois as a nation within a united canada."""
the stated goals of the organization include the establishment of an independent state of balochistan free of pakistani and iranian occupation .	the stated goals of the organization include the establishment of an independent state of balochistan free of pakistani and iranian federations .
since the release of the xbox 360, a large number of users are complaining of heavily scratched and damaged dvds caused by misuse of the xbox 360. the actual problem comes from a user moving the xbox 360 from its vertical position to its horizontal position and vice-versa while the system is playing a game.	since the release of the xbox 360, a number of users are complaining of heavily scratched and damaged dvds caused by misuse of the xbox 360. the actual problem comes from a user moving the xbox 360 from its vertical position to its horizontal position and vice-versa while the system is playing a game.
in january 2013, kushner named acclaimed political consultant , ken kurson, as the observer's editor.	in january 2013, kushner named political consultant , ken kurson, as the observer's editor.
the ioc did not honour a request for a minute of silence at the opening ceremonies of the 2012 london olympics.	the ioc did not agree to a request for a minute of silence at the opening ceremonies of the 2012 london olympics.
modern fundamentalist jewish, christian and muslim creationists disagree with these scientific views and believe that man was created by god in a place called eden and then placed in a garden located east of eden .in the christian bible, genesis 2:10-14 said the garden of eden was supplied by the tigris and euphrates rivers.	modern fundamentalist jewish, christian and muslim creationists disagree with these evolutionary views and believe that man was created by god in a place called eden and then placed in a garden located east of eden .in the christian bible, genesis 2:10-14 said the garden of eden was supplied by the tigris and euphrates rivers.
demos, a soviet rip-off	demos, a soviet derivative
when it became apparent that only about five of the candidates on the barclay brothers' approved list of candidates had been elected, the barclays petulantly announced that they were shutting down their businesses on sark hotels, shops, estate agents, and building firms, and throwing about 100 people, a sixth of the population, out of work.	when it became apparent that only about five of the candidates on the barclay brothers' approved list of candidates had been elected, the barclays announced that they were shutting down their businesses on sark hotels, shops, estate agents, and building firms, and throwing about 100 people, a sixth of the population, out of work.
after several attempts, the capture was completed with a dramatic three-person extra-vehicular activity, the first time that three people from the same spacecraft walked in space at the same time.	after several attempts, the capture was completed with a three-person extra-vehicular activity, the first time that three people from the same spacecraft walked in space at the same time.
john 'gus' gustafson (born 8 august 1943, in liverpool, lancashire, england) is a bass guitar player who has been a part of various notable rock bands.	john 'gus' gustafson (born 8 august 1943, in liverpool, lancashire, england) is a bass guitar player who has been a part of various rock bands.
"plutonium, highly enriched uranium, tritium), components, and equipment between the two countries, and the export of ""non-nuclear parts of atomic weapons"" to the uk."	"plutonium, highly enriched uranium, tritium), components, and equipment between the two countries, and the transfer of ""non-nuclear parts of atomic weapons"" to the uk."
over a year after her son casey died, grieving mother turned anti-iraq war activist cindy sheehan began a protest outside of crawford, texas, where president george w. bush was spending time at his prairie chapel ranch.	over a year after her son casey died, mother turned anti-iraq war activist cindy sheehan began a protest outside of crawford, texas, where president george w. bush was spending time at his prairie chapel ranch.
eddie clearly prevailed, as the album in fact featured longer, darker, more aggressive guitar-oriented material.	eddie apparently prevailed, as the album in fact featured longer, darker, more aggressive guitar-oriented material.
the defendants delivered their affidavits on june 10, 1947. in his affidavit avshalom equated the irish revolution in britain to the underground struggle in the land of israel.	the defendants delivered their affidavits on june 10, 1947. in his affidavit avshalom equated the irish war of independence in britain to the underground struggle in the land of israel.
laurence arn, born in 1982, comedienne	laurence arn, born in 1982, comedian
he died in a car accident .	he died in a car crash .
kingston, being strategically located at the head of the st. lawrence river and at the mouth of the cataraqui river near the border with the united states, has been a site of vital military importance since fort frontenac was built in 1673. the french, and later, the british established military garrisons.	kingston, being strategically located at the head of the st. lawrence river and at the mouth of the cataraqui river near the border with the united states, has been a site of military importance since fort frontenac was built in 1673. the french, and later, the british established military garrisons.
"the second single from the album was ""juliet of the spirits"" and the third will be ""pump""."	"the second single from the album was ""juliet of the spirits"" and the third was rumored to be ""pump""."
other cheeses turn elastic and stringy when they melt, a quality that can be enjoyed in dishes like pizza and welsh rabbit.	other cheeses turn elastic and stringy when they melt, a quality that can be observed in dishes like pizza and welsh rabbit.
farrow is estranged from his legal father, woody allen.	farrow is estranged from his father, woody allen.
some definitions also include acts of unlawful violence or war .	some definitions also include acts of unlawful violence or unconventional warfare .
on february 18, 2015, thomas mulcair of the ndp finally showcased his party's opposition to the bill.	on february 18, 2015, thomas mulcair of the ndp showcased his party's opposition to the bill.
the popular pub chain wetherspoons has opened a pub named the jack fairman in his birthplace of horley.	the pub chain wetherspoons has opened a pub named the jack fairman in his birthplace of horley.
the old city (, haeer haatika, , al-balda al-qadimah, , hin k'aghak) is a 0.9 square kilometer (0.35 square mile) walled area within east jerusalem.	the old city (, haeer haatika, , al-balda al-qadimah, , hin k'aghak) is a 0.9 square kilometer (0.35 square mile) walled area within the modern city of jerusalem.
"juana de la caridad ""juanita"" castro ruz (born 6 may 1933) is a sister of fidel and ral castro, the former and current dictator of cuba."	"juana de la caridad ""juanita"" castro ruz (born 6 may 1933) is a sister of fidel and ral castro, the former and current president of cuba."
millwall dock is also an area where several housing developments and impressive apartment towers have been developed.	millwall dock is also an area where several housing developments and apartment towers have been developed.
both must be passed, in exactly the same form, by both chambers of congress, and then must with one exception be presented to the president and signed by him/her (or, re-passed in override of a presidential veto; or, remain unsigned for ten days while congress is in session) to become a law.	both must be passed, in exactly the same form, by both chambers of congress, and then must with one exception be presented to the president and signed by them (or, re-passed in override of a presidential veto; or, remain unsigned for ten days while congress is in session) to become a law.
communist view on the necessity of terrorism	communist view on the use of terrorism
the los angeles police department (lapd) is the corrupt police department of the city of los angeles, california.	the los angeles police department (lapd) is the police department of the city of los angeles, california.
in his first at-bat, he lined out to left fielder matt murton who made a nice sliding catch.	in his first at-bat, he lined out to left fielder matt murton who made a sliding catch.
valerie june carter cash (june 23, 1929 – may 15, 2003) was a singer, songwriter, actress, a member of the first family of country music, the carter family, and the second wife of legendary singer johnny cash.	valerie june carter cash (june 23, 1929 – may 15, 2003) was a singer, songwriter, actress, a member of the first family of country music, the carter family, and the second wife of singer johnny cash.
"one innovative program encouraged women of color to exercise more and not skip the gym for fear of ""messing up their hair"" gave $5,000 to the winner of a healthy hair and fitness competition."	"one program encouraged women of color to exercise more and not skip the gym for fear of ""messing up their hair"" gave $5,000 to the winner of a healthy hair and fitness competition."
providing stark architectural contrast, the tribune tower, at 13th and frankilin, is reflected in one of the windows of a mediocre city center building.after securing the aforementioned prime downtown land, the developers opened the first office building at 14th and broadway, on december 18, 1973. the first skyscraper, the uninspiring clorox building, opened next door in 1976. however, the developers halted their promised construction plans, and by the 1980s the mall still hadn't been built and most of the site was still a vacant lot leftover from the demolition.	providing stark architectural contrast, the tribune tower, at 13th and frankilin, is reflected in one of the windows of a city center building.after securing the aforementioned prime downtown land, the developers opened the first office building at 14th and broadway, on december 18, 1973. the first skyscraper, the uninspiring clorox building, opened next door in 1976. however, the developers halted their promised construction plans, and by the 1980s the mall still hadn't been built and most of the site was still a vacant lot leftover from the demolition.
"the battle of yavin's resulting destruction of the death star and the concominant death of civilian contractors working on it (see infobox -- casualties) was the subject of a lengthy boring monologue from ""randall"" el in clerks, questioning whether the rebel alliance was justified in attacking a base where they knew that civilian contractors and furbies were working."	"the battle of yavin's resulting destruction of the death star and the concominant death of civilian contractors working on it (see infobox -- casualties) was the subject of a lengthy monologue from ""randall"" el in clerks, questioning whether the rebel alliance was justified in attacking a base where they knew that civilian contractors and furbies were working."
it has been rejected by the majority in the scientific community.	the book has been rejected by the majority in the scientific community.
"a nice ""big box"" plaza has sprouted up called westwood village."	"a ""big box"" plaza has sprouted up called westwood village."
the standard orthography takes advantage of the divergent features of the phonology of galician to emphasize its differences from portuguese, insisting on a pseudo- phonetic spelling, and rejecting for example portuguese graphic conventions like the graphemes nh, lh, j in favour of , ll, x.	the standard orthography takes advantage of the divergent features of the phonology of galician to emphasize its differences from portuguese, insisting on a phonetic spelling, and rejecting for example portuguese graphic conventions like the graphemes nh, lh, j in favour of , ll, x.
it was triggered by the intention of opposition parties in the house of commons to defeat, by a motion of non-confidence, the minority government formed by the conservative party only six weeks after the 40th general election on october 14, 2008.	it was triggered by the intention of opposition parties in the house of commons to defeat, by a motion of non-confidence, the minority government formed by the conservative party six weeks after the 40th general election on october 14, 2008.
miller led the company's turnaround from a subscription-based model to an advertising-supported model.	miller led the company's change from a subscription-based model to an advertising-supported model.
launching on a tangent from his original book project, velikovsky began to develop the radical catastrophist cosmology and revised chronology theories for which he would become notorious .	launching on a tangent from his original book project, velikovsky began to develop the radical catastrophist cosmology and revised chronology theories for which he would become famous .
as of 2004, the most complete version of encyclopdia britannica contains only about 120,000 articles, with 44 million words, and a comprehensive index, the first of its kind for a major encyclopedia.	as of 2004, the most complete version of encyclopdia britannica contains about 120,000 articles, with 44 million words, and a comprehensive index, the first of its kind for a major encyclopedia.
he maintains an apartment in manhattan's trump world tower and mansions in marlboro, new jersey, greenwood lake, new york and the davis islands neighborhood of tampa, florida.	he maintains an apartment in manhattan's trump world tower and homes in marlboro, new jersey, greenwood lake, new york and the davis islands neighborhood of tampa, florida.
it is bordered to the north by the wonderful town of hatfield as well as williamsburg, to the south by holyoke, across the conneticut to the east hadley, and to the west easthampton.	it is bordered to the north by the town of hatfield as well as williamsburg, to the south by holyoke, across the conneticut to the east hadley, and to the west easthampton.
in dewsbury 1989 the bnp held a rally in dewsbury which was met with derision from the local muslim community and a counter rally was held by the black workers group which recruited muslim youths from dewsbury, savile town and neighbouring suburbs, intent on disrupting the rally of the bnp.	in dewsbury 1989 the bnp held a rally in dewsbury which was met with derision from the local muslim community and a counter rally was held by the black workers group which recruited muslim youths from dewsbury, savile town and neighbouring suburbs, intent on disruption, including disruption of the rally of the bnp.
tampereen jhalli is an arena in tampere, finland.	hakametsn jhalli is an arena in tampere, finland.
"has been called ""probably the most significant progressive news institution that has come around in some time"" by progressive professor and media critic robert mcchesney."	"has been called ""probably the most significant progressive news institution that has come around in some time"" by professor and media critic robert mcchesney."
the khokhar pathan claim descent from malik babur, who said to have come from kabool & iran he was sent to fatehpur by the khalji authorities in delhi to suppress the bhars, a turbulent tribe that controlled most of eastern uttar pradesh.	the khokhar pathan claim descent from malik babur, who said to have come from kabool & iran he was sent to fatehpur by the khalji authorities in delhi to suppress the bhars, a tribe that controlled most of eastern uttar pradesh.
the trendy nob hill and east downtown (edo) neighborhoods lie along central avenue, the border between the southeast and northeast quadrants.	the nob hill and east downtown (edo) neighborhoods lie along central avenue, the border between the southeast and northeast quadrants.
these unlucky shows are the subject of this list.	these shows are the subject of this list.
"george (6'6"") was soon performing for comedic effect with a much shorter (4'11"") dewey barto (father of the comedienne nancy walker)."	"george (6'6"") was soon performing for comedic effect with a much shorter (4'11"") dewey barto (father of the comedian nancy walker)."
according to historian bernard lewis, both the old and the new testaments recognize and accept the institution of slavery as allowable under certain circumstance (leviticus 25:44-46; exodus 21:7-11).	according to historian bernard lewis, both the old and the new testaments recognize and accept the institution of slavery as morally acceptable under certain circumstance (leviticus 25:44-46; exodus 21:7-11).
"when the mollet proposal was first made public in the united kingdom on 15 january 2007 through an article by mike thomson published on the bbc news website , it received rather satirical treatment in the media of both countries, including the unhappy name, coined by the bbc, of frangleterre (merging ""france"" with angleterre, which is the french word for 'england')."	"when the mollet proposal was first made public in the united kingdom on 15 january 2007 through an article by mike thomson published on the bbc news website , it received rather satirical treatment in the media of both countries, including the name, coined by the bbc, of frangleterre (merging ""france"" with angleterre, which is the french word for 'england')."
these fantastic stories are always told primarily by thomas, with nellie offering support.	these stories are always told primarily by thomas, with nellie offering support.
previously, the thompson center custom shop had produced some, before closing its doors forever in 2010.	previously, the thompson center custom shop had produced some, before closing its doors in 2010.
while on a tour of uk party conferences in autumn 2005, he became the first irish republican to address the conservative party conference and caused outrage by saying he had not regretted the brighton hotel bombing, which killed five people.	while on a tour of uk party conferences in autumn 2005, he became the first irish republican to address the conservative party conference and caused controversy by saying he had not regretted the brighton hotel bombing, which killed five people.
thus, often violent anti-intellectual backlashes are common during the rise and rule of oppressive political movements, such fascism, socialism and theocracy.	thus, often violent anti-intellectual backlashes are common during the rise and rule of oppressive political movements, such fascism, communism and theocracy.
ford is a centrist and a member of the center-right blue dog coalition.	ford is a centrist and a member of the blue dog coalition.
by this point, the topic of the original ytmnd could be - and usually is - considered a great fad.	by this point, the topic of the original ytmnd could be - and usually is - considered a fad.
the grey cup game was also cancelled in 1919 due to disinterest from the interprovincial rugby football union (irfu) and the intercollegiate unions, along with rules conflicts between the canadian rugby union (cru) and the western union.	the grey cup game was also cancelled in 1919 due to a lack of interest from the interprovincial rugby football union (irfu) and the intercollegiate unions, along with rules conflicts between the canadian rugby union (cru) and the western union.
social security is enshrined in article 22 of the universal declaration of human rights, which states:	social security is asserted in article 22 of the universal declaration of human rights, which states:
robert folk is a graduate and former faculty member of the famed juilliard school in new york city.	robert folk is a graduate and former faculty member of the juilliard school in new york city.
most academic psychologists do not yet accept the existence of psi...	most academic psychologists do not accept the existence of psi...
party rock anthem is a mostly electronic composition, and features a small sample from soft cell's tainted love.	party rock anthem is a mostly electronic composition, and features a sample from soft cell's tainted love.
"the strategy was put forth in a discovery institute manifesto known as the wedge document, which describes a broad social, political, and academic agenda whose ultimate goal is to ""defeat scientific materialism"" represented by evolution, ""reverse the stifling materialist world view and replace it with a science consonant with christian and theistic convictions""."	"the strategy was put forth in a discovery institute paper known as the wedge document, which describes a broad social, political, and academic agenda whose ultimate goal is to ""defeat scientific materialism"" represented by evolution, ""reverse the stifling materialist world view and replace it with a science consonant with christian and theistic convictions""."
romanian president klaus iohannis designates social-democrat sorin grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the landslide victory of the centre-left psd earlier this month.	romanian president klaus iohannis designates social-democrat sorin grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left psd earlier this month.
shliach) have moved all over the world with the stated mission of converting non-observant jews to adopt orthodox jewish observance.	shliach) have moved all over the world with the stated mission of persuading non-observant jews to adopt orthodox jewish observance.
the district stretches from the st. johns river and jacksonville, sweeping through north central florida, encompassing portions of gainesville and ocala, gerrymandering down to the northern tip of the greater orlando area in lake county.	the district stretches from the st. johns river and jacksonville, sweeping through north central florida, encompassing portions of gainesville and ocala, meandering down to the northern tip of the greater orlando area in lake county.
"popularly condensed into ""the thin red line"", the phrase became a self-congratulatory symbol for british sangfroid in battle."	"popularly condensed into ""the thin red line"", the phrase became a symbol for british sangfroid in battle."
his wife, frances yao, is also a well-known theoretical computer scientist.	his wife, frances yao, is also a theoretical computer scientist.
lovely marble monuments were once found in the church and are now on view in the victoria and albert museum.	marble monuments were once found in the church and are now on view in the victoria and albert museum.
one reason was to obviate any justification for the pirated editions of the rv that had been circulating.	one reason was to obviate any justification for the illegally copied editions of the rv that had been circulating.
he claims paul's wrestlers left because they weren't getting paid (this was a blatant falsehood on bischoff's part; at this point in ecw's history, they were not yet bouncing checks), and that the athletes knew wcw was a much larger place to showcase their talent.	he claims paul's wrestlers left because they weren't getting paid (this was a falsehood on bischoff's part; at this point in ecw's history, they were not yet bouncing checks), and that the athletes knew wcw was a much larger place to showcase their talent.
back in reality while being comforted by mrs. mccluskey, susan expresses both grief of her ex-husband's passing , but also gratitude towards him for allowing her to achieve the life that she has now.	back in reality while being comforted by mrs. mccluskey, susan expresses both grief of her ex-husband's death , but also gratitude towards him for allowing her to achieve the life that she has now.
as neighbouring countries with extensive cultural links, there has been a history of population movements between iran and afghanistan.	as neighbouring countries with some cultural links, there has been a history of population movements between iran and afghanistan.
on august 24, 2007, due to recent struggles, the braves fired wickman.	on august 24, 2007, due to recent struggles, the braves released wickman.
kouassi became a favourite of the fans thanks to his amazing speed, dribbling and dedication to the game.	kouassi became a favourite of the fans thanks to his speed, dribbling and dedication to the game.
(19272011) served as national program director from its 2000 beginnings until his passing .	(19272011) served as national program director from its 2000 beginnings until his death .
aided by tough new computer crime legislation that came into force in june 1988, the afp obtained a warrant in january 1990 to eavesdrop not only on even-chaim's phone conversations but also the data transmitted through his modem.	aided by new computer crime legislation that came into force in june 1988, the afp obtained a warrant in january 1990 to eavesdrop not only on even-chaim's phone conversations but also the data transmitted through his modem.
the red pill is also frequently used by people in the men's rights movement as a metaphor for the specific moment when they realized that the gender roles they are expected to conform to, are intended to benefit women, not themselves.	the red pill is also frequently used by people in the men's rights movement as a metaphor for the specific moment when they come to the belief that the gender roles they are expected to conform to, are intended to benefit women, not themselves.
her death sparked controversy, in part because she was a u.s. citizen and the first western protester to be killed in the arab-israeli conflict, and in part because of the highly politicized nature of the conflict itself.	her death sparked controversy, in part because she was a u.s. citizen and the first western peace activist to be killed in the arab-israeli conflict, and in part because of the highly politicized nature of the conflict itself.
some outlets, such as the toronto star, have criticized israel's response to hezbollah's actions as disproportionate, while right-wing publications such as the national post, have come out in support of the scope of israel's military action and the position the canadian government has taken, and have criticized those who have called the evacuation of canadians in the region too slow.	some outlets, such as the toronto star, have criticized israel's response to hezbollah's actions as disproportionate, while other publications such as the national post, have come out in support of the scope of israel's military action and the position the canadian government has taken, and have criticized those who have called the evacuation of canadians in the region too slow.
it is fortunately extremely uncommon for a program to require a large percent of the address space for either of these.	it is extremely uncommon for a program to require a large percent of the address space for either of these.
"four days after the incident, he was traded to colorado along with montreal captain mike keane in exchange for jocelyn thibault, martin rucinsky, and andrei kovalenko, which is known in montreal simply as ""le trade. """	"four days after the incident, he was traded to colorado along with montreal captain mike keane in exchange for jocelyn thibault, martin rucinsky, and andrei kovalenko, which is known in montreal as ""le trade. """
if she forgets to deallocate memory or writes code that fails to do, a memory leak occurs and the program can consume an arbitrary amount of memory.	if the programmer forgets to deallocate memory or writes code that fails to do, a memory leak occurs and the program can consume an arbitrary amount of memory.
created by carlos gracie and his brother hlio, it was restructured into a comprehensive sport with a large focus on groundwork.	created by carlos gracie and his brother hlio, it was restructured into a sport with a large focus on groundwork.
he continued to release albums, of which the best known are his interesting arrangements of classics, such as igor stravinsky's the firebird, modest mussorgsky's pictures at an exhibition, and gustav holst's the planets.	he continued to release albums, of which the best known are his arrangements of classics, such as igor stravinsky's the firebird, modest mussorgsky's pictures at an exhibition, and gustav holst's the planets.
in the first years, the group was active rescuing rafters from cuba, being credited with rescuing thousands of cubans who were fleeing the country.	in the first years, the group was active rescuing rafters from cuba, being credited with rescuing thousands of cubans who were emigrating from the country.
despite significant support for his reprieve, kelly was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death by hanging, which was carried out at the old melbourne gaol.	despite support for his reprieve, kelly was tried, convicted, and sentenced to death by hanging, which was carried out at the old melbourne gaol.
aoife n thuairisg is an iconic irish language presenter on tg4, ireland's irish language television station.	aoife n thuairisg is an irish language presenter on tg4, ireland's irish language television station.
a zipper (british english: zip or (rarely) zip fastener) is a popular device for temporarily joining two edges of fabric.	a zipper (british english: zip or (rarely) zip fastener) is a commonly used device for temporarily joining two edges of fabric.
then again, modern commentators have refuted such claims.	then again, modern commentators have disputed such claims.
"the beautiful prayer of st patrick, popularly known as ""st patrick's breast-plate"", is supposed to have been composed by him in preparation for this victory over paganism."	"the prayer of st patrick, popularly known as ""st patrick's breast-plate"", is supposed to have been composed by him in preparation for this victory over paganism."
an essential aspect of his theology was his emphasis on the proper distinction between god's law and god's gospel.	an essential aspect of his theology was his emphasis on the distinction between god's law and god's gospel.
it is designated a terrorist organisation by india, the european union and the united states, active in the disputed state of jammu and kashmir since 1989. the current supreme commander of the group is a sayeed salahudeen.	it is designated a terrorist organisation by india, the european union and the united states, active in the indian-administered state of jammu and kashmir since 1989. the current supreme commander of the group is a sayeed salahudeen.
"the courage foundation reported deheart was ""cornered"" into making the deal and that the government agreed to the plea to ""prevent a drawn-out trial in which matts political activity, the files he unearthed and the treatment he endured could come to light""."	"the courage foundation claims deheart was ""cornered"" into making the deal and that the government agreed to the plea to ""prevent a drawn-out trial in which matts political activity, the files he unearthed and the treatment he endured could come to light""."
so, they argue that the frontiers of countries, in a broad sense, are far from being dissolved, and therefore this radical globalization process is not happening, and probably will not happen (see linda weiss), considering that in world history, internationalization never turned into globalization (the european union and nafta are yet to prove their case).	so, they argue that the frontiers of countries, in a broad sense, are far from being dissolved, and therefore this globalization process is not happening, and probably will not happen (see linda weiss), considering that in world history, internationalization never turned into globalization (the european union and nafta are yet to prove their case).
shoulder and back problems caused the former first round pick to retire in at just 32 years old.	shoulder and back problems caused the former first round pick to retire in at 32 years old.
the tulse luper suitcases is an ambitious multimedia project by peter greenaway, initially intended to comprise three feature films, a 16-episode tv series, and 92 dvds, as well as web sites, cd-roms and books.	the tulse luper suitcases is an multimedia project by peter greenaway, initially intended to comprise three feature films, a 16-episode tv series, and 92 dvds, as well as web sites, cd-roms and books.
"is for vulva, not just vagina,"" article discussing the common incorrect usage of the word ""vagina."""	"is for vulva, not just vagina,"" article discussing the common usage of the word ""vagina."""
neutralization is the reaction between an acid and a base, producing a salt and water ; for example, hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide form sodium chloride and water:	neutralization is the reaction between an acid and a base, producing a salt and neutralized base ; for example, hydrochloric acid and sodium hydroxide form sodium chloride and water:
at&t wireless not only locks its phones against its direct competitors, but even locks them against non-at&t wireless providers that have partnership agreements with the company .	at&t wireless not only locks its phones against its direct competitors, but also locks them against non-at&t wireless providers that have partnership agreements with the company.
predatory lending and affordable housing	mortgage lending and affordable housing
the sinister yedikule today	the yedikule today
despite the fact the local opportunities and amenities it would provide to the wider area of the fylde the plans were met with a furious overreaction from some villagers.	despite the fact the local opportunities and amenities it would provide to the wider area of the fylde the plans were met with a furious reaction from some villagers.
he also affirmed early dates for the gospels, granting them serious historical value.	he also claimed early dates for the gospels, granting them serious historical value.
4 to 6 white captives, including clara blinn and her son, were murdered by the cheyennes.	4 to 6 white captives, including clara blinn and her son, were killed by the cheyennes.
the team cruised to a perfect 27-0 record and won the division iii state championship.	the team finished to a perfect 27-0 record and won the division iii state championship.
the guest list consists of reigning and non-reigning royalty, other heads of state and government, ambassadors to monaco from various countries, businessmen, entertainers, fashion designers, models, and sportsmen .	the guest list consists of reigning and non-reigning royalty, other heads of state and government, ambassadors to monaco from various countries, businessmen, entertainers, fashion designers, models, and sportspersons .
"the museum has received a number of prestigious awards since it opened its present site to visitors in 1972 and has been influential on other ""living museums""."	"the museum has received a number of awards since it opened its present site to visitors in 1972 and has been influential on other ""living museums""."
29 october 2001 charles folliard (30), a former uda paramilitary, was executed by dissident republicans in the ballycolman estate, shot six times as he left his girlfriend's house.	29 october 2001 charles folliard (30), a former uda paramilitary, was killed by dissident republicans in the ballycolman estate, shot six times as he left his girlfriend's house.
his two greatest masterpieces are the novel the song of the children of sibir and the novella the dove and the poppy - after which he ceased writing until his tragically early death.	his two greatest masterpieces are the novel the song of the children of sibir and the novella the dove and the poppy - after which he ceased writing until his early death.
he was murdered in his apartment by tactical unit of the cook county state's attorney's office (sao), in conjunction with the chicago police department (cpd) and the federal bureau of investigation (fbi).	he was killed in his apartment by tactical unit of the cook county state's attorney's office (sao), in conjunction with the chicago police department (cpd) and the federal bureau of investigation (fbi).
"j. drew sheard and evangelist karen clark-sheard have two teenage children, kierra valencia ""kiki"" sheard who is a minister of the gospel in her own right and j. drew sheard ii who is a talented musician, producer, and athlete."	"j. drew sheard and evangelist karen clark-sheard have two teenage children, kierra valencia ""kiki"" sheard who is a minister of the gospel in her own right and j. drew sheard ii who is a musician, producer, and athlete."
"the national association for research & therapy of homosexuality, an organization affiliated with the pseudo-scientific ex-gay movement, describes the term homophobia as being ""often used inaccurately to describe any person who objects to homosexual behavior on either moral, psychological or medical grounds."""	"the national association for research & therapy of homosexuality, an organization affiliated with the ex-gay movement, describes the term homophobia as being ""often used inaccurately to describe any person who objects to homosexual behavior on either moral, psychological or medical grounds."""
jean slater is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gillian wright.	jean slater is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gillian wright.
internet.org is a highly controversial partnership between social networking services company facebook and six companies (samsung, ericsson, mediatek, opera software, nokia and qualcomm) that plans to bring affordable access to selected internet services to less developed countries by increasing efficiency, and facilitating the development of new business models around the provision of internet access.	internet.org is a controversial partnership between social networking services company facebook and six companies (samsung, ericsson, mediatek, opera software, nokia and qualcomm) that plans to bring affordable access to selected internet services to less developed countries by increasing efficiency, and facilitating the development of new business models around the provision of internet access.
prudence was named after her legendary aunt, prue halliwell.	prudence was named after her great- aunt, prue halliwell.
this outcome would be subject to unfounded criticism by the osce (organization for security and co-operation in europe).	this outcome would be subject to criticism by the osce (organization for security and co-operation in europe).
the sikh federation (uk) is a non-governmental organisation registered as a political party, which is associated with radical sikhism.	the sikh federation (uk) is a non-governmental organisation registered as a political party, which is associated with sikhism.
as self-proclaimed caliph of the islamic state	as caliph of the islamic state
"he also claims that ""the sole legal distinction between jewish and arab citizens of israel is that the latter are not required to serve in the israeli army."	"he also writes that ""the sole legal distinction between jewish and arab citizens of israel is that the latter are not required to serve in the israeli army."
the red bulls then took on the cosmos at james m. shuart stadium on june 14 which unfortunately ended in a 30 defeat for the red bulls.	the red bulls then took on the cosmos at james m. shuart stadium on june 14 which ended in a 30 defeat for the red bulls.
insurgent groups in indian occupied kashmir (the indian state of jammu and kashmir) such as lashkar-e-toiba and hizbul mujahideen are currently trying to seek full independence for the whole region from india on the claim of its right to self-determination as an islamic state.	insurgent groups in indian -controlled kashmir (the indian state of jammu and kashmir) such as lashkar-e-toiba and hizbul mujahideen are currently trying to seek full independence for the whole region from india on the claim of its right to self-determination as an islamic state.
syrian army regains control over most of damascus	syrian army regains control over most of lost territories
the clash were one of the most overtly political, explosive and exciting bands in rock and roll history.	the clash are considered one of the most overtly political, explosive and exciting bands in rock and roll history.
read aloud, the sentence sounds mildly similar to the first line of the nursery rhyme mary had a little lamb.	read aloud, the sentence sounds similar to the first line of the nursery rhyme mary had a little lamb.
the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia ( dismatled into the following states: bosnia herzegovina, serbia and montenegro, macedonia, croatia and slovenia) was reasonably close to applying to join the eec at the end of 1980s — it was already on a higher level than some member countries like greece and portugal.	the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia ( disintegrated into the following states: bosnia herzegovina, serbia and montenegro, macedonia, croatia and slovenia) was reasonably close to applying to join the eec at the end of 1980s — it was already on a higher level than some member countries like greece and portugal.
"the israeli west bank barrier or wall (for further names see here) is a contested separation and security barrier that was unilaterally built by the israeli government in the west bank or along the 1949 armistice line known as the ""green line""."	"the israeli west bank barrier or wall (for further names see here) is a contested separation and security barrier that was built by the israeli government in the west bank or along the 1949 armistice line known as the ""green line""."
television host and comedienne ellen degeneres and actor vance degeneres are siblings.	television host and comedian ellen degeneres and actor vance degeneres are siblings.
"they were, oddly , admitted as ""knights"", rather than as ""dames"" or ""ladies""."	"they were, unlike the habit of many other orders , admitted as ""knights"", rather than as ""dames"" or ""ladies""."
june 17 – flora finch, british-american silent film comedienne (d. 1940)	june 17 – flora finch, british-american silent film comedian (d. 1940)
putin neither welcomed berezovsky's views on chechnya, nor his political clout and opened investigations into berezovsky's opaque business activities.	putin neither welcomed berezovsky's views on chechnya, nor his political clout and opened investigations into berezovsky's business activities.
he had previously ruled in 1999 against a louisiana law aimed at banning the late-term abortion procedure known as dilation and extraction.	he had previously ruled in 1999 against a louisiana law aimed at banning the second trimester abortion procedure known as dilation and extraction.
he has also donated generously to his alma maters.	he has also donated to his alma maters.
lambert tragically died in 1951 and isabel returned to paris to paint.	lambert died in 1951 and isabel returned to paris to paint.
unfortunately , the application of the new livery across the fleet was curtailed by the decision of arriva (the name adopted by cowie in 1998) to introduced a corporate identity and livery.	however , the application of the new livery across the fleet was curtailed by the decision of arriva (the name adopted by cowie in 1998) to introduced a corporate identity and livery.
in 15 june 2011, the hospital opened a modern burns unit.	in 15 june 2011, the hospital opened a new burns unit.
"her testimony had created enough uproar that johnson offered the mfdp a ""compromise"": they would receive two non-voting at-large seats, while the lily- white delegation sent by the official democratic party would take its seats."	"her testimony had created enough uproar that johnson offered the mfdp a ""compromise"": they would receive two non-voting at-large seats, while the white delegation sent by the official democratic party would take its seats."
oxford university press (oup) is a highly-respected publishing house and a department of the university of oxford in england.	oxford university press (oup) is a publishing house and a department of the university of oxford in england.
he has already arrived in catalonia .	he has already arrived in new zeland .
jafar shahidi, legendary historian of islam	jafar shahidi, historian of islam
johns hopkins university, commonly referred to as johns hopkins, jhu, or simply hopkins, is a world-renouned private research university located in baltimore, maryland, united states.	johns hopkins university, commonly referred to as johns hopkins, jhu, or simply hopkins, is a private research university located in baltimore, maryland, united states.
a co-founder of the izzedine al-qassam brigades, the paramilitary wing of the islamist palestinian militant group hamas, al-mabhouh was wanted by israel for the kidnapping and murder of two israeli soldiers in 1989, which is cited as a possible motive for the assassination.	a co-founder of the izzedine al-qassam brigades, the paramilitary wing of the islamist palestinian militant group hamas, al-mabhouh was wanted by israel for the kidnapping and killing of two israeli soldiers in 1989, which is cited as a possible motive for the assassination.
17 november bbc1 airs ruby wax meets the duchess of york, a one-off interview with sarah, duchess of york conducted by us comedienne ruby wax.	17 november bbc1 airs ruby wax meets the duchess of york, a one-off interview with sarah, duchess of york conducted by us comedian ruby wax.
limbaugh correctly insisted that his comments were aimed at other members of the media, and not at mcnabb or african americans.	limbaugh insisted that his comments were aimed at other members of the media, and not at mcnabb or african americans.
pretorius was at once chosen commandant-general and speedily collected a force to avenge the massacre of piet retief and his party, who had been treacherously killed by the zulu king dingane the previous february.	pretorius was at once chosen commandant-general and speedily collected a force to avenge the massacre of piet retief and his party, who had been killed by the zulu king dingane the previous february.
the white house admitted that the medicare prescription drug plan would not meet the paygo requirements:	the white house acknowledged that the medicare prescription drug plan would not meet the paygo requirements:
the wide awakes, a paramilitary organization	the wide awakes, a 19th century american political organization
rockhampton enjoys over 300 days of sunshine each year, which lends itself to tourism activities all year round and an abundance of outdoor activities.	rockhampton experiences over 300 days of sunshine each year, which lends itself to tourism activities all year round and an abundance of outdoor activities.
dilawar was a 22-year-old pashtun taxi driver and farmer from the small village of yakubi in the khost province of afghanistan, who was tall, and weighed only .	dilawar was a 22-year-old pashtun taxi driver and farmer from the small village of yakubi in the khost province of afghanistan, who was tall, and weighed .
operation vijay (1961) - the opeartion by military of india that led to the liberation of goa, daman and diu and anjidiv islands from the portuguese colonial holding in 1961.	operation vijay (1961) - the opeartion by military of india that led to the capture of goa, daman and diu and anjidiv islands from the portuguese colonial holding in 1961.
a short information film included on many dvds equates copyright infringement with theft.	a short film included on many dvds equates copyright infringement with theft.
jefferson city is in the ozarks on the missouri river near the geographic center of the state, and is dominated by a beautiful domed capitol, rising from a bluff overlooking the missouri river.	jefferson city is in the ozarks on the missouri river near the geographic center of the state, and is dominated by a domed capitol, rising from a bluff overlooking the missouri river.
"he has been a prominent advocate for war , once describing his own position as support for the use of ""american might to promote american ideals"" throughout the world."	"he has been a prominent advocate for an actively engaged defense and foreign policy , once describing his own position as support for the use of ""american might to promote american ideals"" throughout the world."
the mighty university hs trojan marching band and colorguard performing their award-winning 2007 competitive field show.	the university hs trojan marching band and colorguard performing their award-winning 2007 competitive field show.
the mystery is solved, rachel and franklin marry, and in an epilogue from mr. murthwaite, a noted adventurer, the reader learns of the restoration of the moonstone to the place where it should be, in the forehead of the idol in india.	the mystery is solved, rachel and franklin marry, and in an epilogue from mr. murthwaite, a noted adventurer, the reader learns of the restoration of the moonstone to the place where it should be, in the forehead of the statue of the god in india.
in the event of an invasion, other u.s. allies, especially australia, would theoretically, but in practice unlikely, to be drawn into another asian civil war.	in the event of an invasion, other u.s. allies, especially australia, would theoretically, but in practice unlikely, to be drawn into another asian war.
as the premiere soggetto cavato, josquins hercules mass is unfortunately rigid in comparison to josquins other pieces.	as the premiere soggetto cavato, josquins hercules mass is rigid in comparison to josquins other pieces.
"the neon brotherhood are a group of 40 people who got together to release the single ""hope ain't a bad thing"" in aid of stephen sutton who died tragically on 14 may 2014."	"the neon brotherhood are a group of 40 people who got together to release the single ""hope ain't a bad thing"" in aid of stephen sutton who died on 14 may 2014."
henry (harry) arthur hooton (9 october 19081961) of sydney was an australian social commentator and minor poet whose writing spanned the years 1930-1961s.	henry (harry) arthur hooton (9 october 19081961) of sydney was an australian social commentator and poet whose writing spanned the years 1930-1961s.
linspire strives to make a gnu/linux distribution that is easy for the average person to use and not one that will necessarily pander to the demands of a power user.	linspire strives to make a gnu/linux distribution that is easy for the average person to use and not one that will necessarily cater to the demands of a power user.
opponents of national reciprocity have pointed out that this legislation would effectively require states with higher standards of permit issuance (i.e., training courses, safety exams, good cause, etc.)	opponents of national reciprocity have pointed out that this legislation would effectively require states with more restrictive standards of permit issuance (i.e., training courses, safety exams, good cause, etc.)
moreover, spycatcher tells of the mi6 plot to assassinate president nasser during the suez crisis; of joint mi5-cia plotting against left-wing british prime minister harold wilson (secretly accused of being a kgb agent by the soviet defector anatoliy golitsyn); and of mi5's eavesdropping on high-level commonwealth conferences.	moreover, spycatcher tells of the mi6 plot to assassinate president nasser during the suez crisis; of joint mi5-cia plotting against british prime minister harold wilson (secretly accused of being a kgb agent by the soviet defector anatoliy golitsyn); and of mi5's eavesdropping on high-level commonwealth conferences.
his pontificate lasted only four months, after which, in consequence of disturbances within the church which led to acts of violence, he was banished by the emperor maxentius, who had been the ruler of rome since 306, and had at first shown himself friendly to the christians.	his pontificate lasted four months, after which, in consequence of disturbances within the church which led to acts of violence, he was banished by the emperor maxentius, who had been the ruler of rome since 306, and had at first shown himself friendly to the christians.
the jawa report (also, mypetjawa) is a right-wing blog and forum about terrorism committed by islamists.	the jawa report (also, mypetjawa) is a blog and forum about terrorism committed by islamists.
"the song ""brain salad surgery"" surprisingly did not appear on the album of the same name, but was released on a promotional 7"" flexi-disc together with excerpts from the album."	"the song ""brain salad surgery"" did not appear on the album of the same name, but was released on a promotional 7"" flexi-disc together with excerpts from the album."
many people choose to sun tan without clothes to maximize tanning coverage, maximizing health benefits of sun exposure, increasing the sensitory experience and reducing or eliminating tan lines caused by the contrast of exposed and unexposed tanned skin.	some people choose to sun tan without clothes to maximize tanning coverage, maximizing health benefits of sun exposure, increasing the sensitory experience and reducing or eliminating tan lines caused by the contrast of exposed and unexposed tanned skin.
adam and eve, according to the creation myth of abrahamic religions, were the first man and woman.	adam and eve, according to the creation stories of abrahamic religions, were the first man and woman.
the school was founded by the legendary acting teacher lee strasberg in 1969 to teach and promote the techniques of method acting.	the school was founded by the noted acting teacher lee strasberg in 1969 to teach and promote the techniques of method acting.
- christadelphian answers to matt slick's misrepresentation of christadelphian beliefs	- christadelphian answers to matt slick's interpretation of christadelphian beliefs
on august 1, 2007, investors in the two funds finally took action against bear stearns and its top management.	on august 1, 2007, investors in the two funds took action against bear stearns and its top management.
"patrick stewart's voice-over introduction during each episode's opening credits stated the starship's purpose, updated from the original to represent an open-ended ""mission"", and to be gender -neutral:"	"patrick stewart's voice-over introduction during each episode's opening credits stated the starship's purpose, updated from the original to represent an open-ended ""mission"", and to be species -neutral:"
"in it she claimed ""in the year 1866, i discovered the christ science or divine laws of life, truth, and love, and named my discovery christian science"" (p. 107)."	"in it she wrote ""in the year 1866, i discovered the christ science or divine laws of life, truth, and love, and named my discovery christian science"" (p. 107)."
additionally, there were 523 immigrant settlers .	additionally, there were 523 immigrant residents .
"amnesty international has described the conditions of the refugees of war living in nauru, as utter ""horror""."	"amnesty international has described the conditions of the refugees of war living in nauru, as ""horror""."
maneuvered by japan, korea declared independence from qing china's suzerainty in 1894, leading to the first sino-japanese war, which resulted in china's humiliating cession of both korea and taiwan to japan.	maneuvered by japan, korea declared independence from qing china's suzerainty in 1894, leading to the first sino-japanese war, which resulted in china's cession of both korea and taiwan to japan.
while all three agree that a god exists, they differ sharply in opinion on god's nature or attributes and how, or if, mankind can come to knowledge of a diety.	while all three agree that a god exists, they differ sharply in opinion on god's nature or attributes and how, or if, humankind can come to knowledge of a diety.
the town of lac-brome, affectionately referred to as lake brome city or the lbc, is located in the eastern townships region of quebec, canada.	the town of lac-brome, also referred to as lake brome city or the lbc , is located in the eastern townships region of quebec, canada.
pitts has a radically conservative voting record, which is not surprising given the nature of his district; the 16th is one of the most republican districts in the northeast.	pitts has a very conservative voting record, which is not surprising given the nature of his district; the 16th is one of the most republican districts in the northeast.
"the incredible vessel was austal's seventh build of the ""auto express 86"" design and measures 86.6 metres in length, with a beam of 23.8 metres."	"the vessel was austal's seventh build of the ""auto express 86"" design and measures 86.6 metres in length, with a beam of 23.8 metres."
jessica white (born 1984 in buffalo, new york) is an african-american supermodel , actress and cover girl.	jessica white (born 1984 in buffalo, new york) is an african-american model , actress and cover girl.
"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, usa) is an american virtuoso guitarist and teacher."	"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, usa) is an american guitarist and teacher."
his obsessive campaign against speeding drivers and his support for speed cameras has drawn criticism from motorist groups.	his campaign against speeding drivers and his support for speed cameras has drawn criticism from motorist groups.
as of 2005, cammalleri is half-jewish, and is thus one of a small number of jewish players in the nhl; others include jeff halpern, mathieu schneider and eric nystrom.	as of 2005, cammalleri is half-jewish, and is thus one of a number of jewish players in the nhl; others include jeff halpern, mathieu schneider and eric nystrom.
today, there are many apostate organizations claiming to be a part of the latter day saint movement.	today, there are many schism organizations claiming to be a part of the latter day saint movement.
the party's platform is predicated on the principles of the nation's founding documents.	the party's platform defines itself as predicated on the principles of the nation's founding documents.
sandra di marco is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by clare wilkie.	sandra di marco is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by clare wilkie.
the result was a narrow victory in the first round for the social democratic party candidate, the former prime minister anbal cavaco silva, who received 50.6% of the vote, which was just enough to avoid a runoff.	the result was a victory in the first round for the social democratic party candidate, the former prime minister anbal cavaco silva, who received 50.6% of the vote, which was just enough to avoid a runoff.
many of his films are also notable for their depiction of violence and liberal use of profanity.	many of his films are also known for their depiction of violence and liberal use of profanity.
janet hill, vice president of alexander & associates inc., wife of former dallas cowboys great calvin hill and mother of grant hill of the nba's orlando magic	janet hill, vice president of alexander & associates inc., wife of former dallas cowboys player calvin hill and mother of grant hill of the nba's orlando magic
after a painful series of insulin shock therapy sessions, nash is released on the condition that he agrees to take antipsychotic medication; however, the drugs create negative side-effects that affect his sexual and emotional relationship with his wife and, most dramatically, his intellectual capacity.	after a series of insulin shock therapy sessions, nash is released on the condition that he agrees to take antipsychotic medication; however, the drugs create negative side-effects that affect his sexual and emotional relationship with his wife and, most dramatically, his intellectual capacity.
the agricultural calendar and ceremonies and household and family rites have retained many elements of paganism : practices for warding off evil and initial, imitative, and other forms of magic.	the agricultural calendar and ceremonies and household and family rites have retained many elements of their original religion : practices for warding off evil and initial, imitative, and other forms of magic.
unique concept of internal table in abap	concept of internal table in abap
for its natural beauty it is considered by the federal secretariat of tourism as a pueblo mgico.	for its natural environment it is considered by the federal secretariat of tourism as a pueblo mgico.
when mark (landis) becomes upset that his pet frog, beans, has died, and sarah rudely tells him that nobody cares and calling him fedex once again, a heated fight erupts moments before the segment starts, leading the cameramen to tell winfrey to cancel it.	when mark (landis) becomes upset that his pet frog, beans, has died, and sarah tells him that nobody cares and calling him fedex once again, a heated fight erupts moments before the segment starts, leading the cameramen to tell winfrey to cancel it.
it then flows south through a deep picturesque valley past llawhaden and becomes tidal at canaston bridge, the lowest crossing point.	it then flows south through a deep valley past llawhaden and becomes tidal at canaston bridge, the lowest crossing point.
his mortal remains are said to be those contained in the underground confessio of st. peter's basilica, where pope paul vi announced in 1968 the excavated discovery of a first-century roman cemetery.	his remains are said to be those contained in the underground confessio of st. peter's basilica, where pope paul vi announced in 1968 the excavated discovery of a first-century roman cemetery.
grodin is now a successful comedienne and author.	grodin is now a successful comedian and author.
exxonmobil has denied the accusations that it has been trying to mislead the public about global warming.	exxonmobil has dismissed the accusations that it has been trying to mislead the public about global warming.
the andamanese (sentinel, onge, jarawa, great andamanese) barely survive on some of the andaman islands and speak a language isolate, as do the kusunda in central nepal , the vedda in sri lanka, and the kalto (nahali) of central india, who number about 5000 people.	the andamanese (sentinel, onge, jarawa, great andamanese) barely subsist on some of the andaman islands and speak a language isolate, as do the kusunda in central nepal , the vedda in sri lanka, and the kalto (nahali) of central india, who number about 5000 people.
more recent research by the british prt company ats indicates that agt systems have a better safety than more conventional, non-automated modes.	more recent research by the british prt company ats reported that agt systems have a better safety than more conventional, non-automated modes.
there is scholarly controversy, however, as to whether constantine adopted his mother's humble christianity in his youth, or whether he adopted it gradually over the course of his life.	there is scholarly controversy, however, as to whether constantine adopted his mother's christianity in his youth, or whether he adopted it gradually over the course of his life.
this case was cited by john lott and others as an example of the media's supposed bias against guns, as the use of a firearm in a defensive role was not reported in most news stories of the event.	this case was cited by john lott and others as an example of the media's possible bias against guns, as the use of a firearm in a defensive role was not reported in most news stories of the event.
still, sex rarely if ever raised its ugly head until the new wave science fiction of the 1960s and 1970s, which reflected its times by attempting to break earlier taboos about what could and could not be the subject of science fiction.	still, sex rarely if ever raised its head until the new wave science fiction of the 1960s and 1970s, which reflected its times by attempting to break earlier taboos about what could and could not be the subject of science fiction.
chechen terrorist shamil basayev took responsibility for the hostage taking.	chechen warlord shamil basayev took responsibility for the hostage taking.
the team reached a county junior semi-final against mountmellick in 1927. unfortunately they lost that game and the team faded out soon afterwards.	the team reached a county junior semi-final against mountmellick in 1927. they lost that game and the team faded out soon afterwards.
wimbledon steward david spearing (wearing a disctive black hat) at wimbledon 2016	wimbledon steward david spearing (wearing a black hat) at wimbledon 2016
from their essentially political position, they developed extreme doctrines that further set them apart from both mainstream sunni and shia muslims.	from their essentially political position, they developed extreme doctrines that set them apart from both mainstream sunni and shia muslims.
"harris has frequently been the subject of jokes on her makeup, ""down home"" attire, and allegedly air-brushed photographs."	"harris has sometimes been the subject of jokes on her makeup, ""down home"" attire, and allegedly air-brushed photographs."
mormons are christian, though some of their beliefs differ from mainstream christianity.	mormons self-identify as christian, though some of their beliefs differ from mainstream christianity.
taiwan's largest city taipei serves as the provisional capital of the republic of china, while jhongsing village in central taiwan near the city of taichung is the capital of taiwan province.	taiwan's largest city taipei serves as the capital of the republic of china, while jhongsing village in central taiwan near the city of taichung is the capital of taiwan province.
after taking wimbledon f.c.	after continuing from wimbledon f.c.
the theory also allows for particle states that are known not to exist, including a neutral electron and two extra light neutrinos, and many other extra states.	the theory also allows for particle states that are thought not to exist, including a neutral electron and two extra light neutrinos, and many other extra states.
other late medieval and renaissance depictions of circumcision in general show antipathy towards judaism; caricatures show the procedure as being grotesquely cruel and the mohel as a threatening figure; martin luther's rant of 1543, on the jews and their lies, devotes many pages to circumcision.	other late medieval and renaissance depictions of circumcision in general show antipathy towards judaism; caricatures show the procedure as being grotesquely cruel and the mohel as a threatening figure; martin luther's polemic of 1543, on the jews and their lies, devotes many pages to circumcision.
13 protesters were injured in the police action.	thirteen protesters were injured in the police action.
a smc was reconstituted in israeli-occupied territories in 1967 as the judicial authority of the muslim community in israel in matters of personal status of its members under israel's confessional community system.	a smc was reconstituted in the disputed territories in 1967 as the judicial authority of the muslim community in israel in matters of personal status of its members under israel's confessional community system.
the basketball team had one legendary coach named donnie english (now kell's coach), and he won 5 state championships out of season one national out of season and 8 region champs in season and 3 out of season, 4 runner ups in season and 2 out of season and 5 sub regions in season and 3 sub region out of season.	the basketball team had one coach named donnie english (now kell's coach), and he won 5 state championships out of season one national out of season and 8 region champs in season and 3 out of season, 4 runner ups in season and 2 out of season and 5 sub regions in season and 3 sub region out of season.
in may 2008, pep boys ceo jeff rachor left the company after just 13 months to pursue a luxury automotive dealership venture with michael dell.	in may 2008, pep boys ceo jeff rachor left the company after 13 months to pursue a luxury automotive dealership venture with michael dell.
"when malcolm asks her name, she says ""it is one that is cursed and should not be pronounced"", that she is visiting her parents' grave and that she had only recently heard of their passing ."	"when malcolm asks her name, she says ""it is one that is cursed and should not be pronounced"", that she is visiting her parents' grave and that she had only recently heard of their death ."
april 26 - carol burnett, actress, television host and comedienne	april 26 - carol burnett, actress, television host and comedian
the referendum was approved by 76% of the voters, with only travis county, texas (which contains austin, texas) the only county opposing the amendment, while the moderate cities of houston and dallas were close.	the referendum was approved by 76% of the voters, with only travis county, texas (which contains austin, texas) the only county opposing the amendment, while the cities of houston and dallas were close.
on september 5 2006, terry was soundly defeated in the primary, with king receiving over 2/3 of the votes cast.	on september 5 2006, terry was defeated in the primary, with king receiving over 2/3 of the votes cast.
"ireland expels an israeli diplomat as ""a victim of the actions of the state they represent"" after an investigation confirms that 8 forged irish passports were used in the assassination of mahmoud al-mabhouh in dubai."	"ireland expels an israeli diplomat as ""a victim of the actions of the state they represent"" after an investigation states that 8 forged irish passports were used in the assassination of mahmoud al-mabhouh in dubai."
hayek's positions have gained in currency in the us and uk since the late 1970s; support for hayek grew as right-wing politicians in those countries' governments consolidated power.	hayek's positions have gained in currency in the us and uk since the late 1970s; support for hayek grew as conservative politicians in those countries' governments consolidated power.
however, critics of scientology have said that hubbard also used it in apparently non-humorous contexts.	however, critics of scientology have alleged that hubbard also used it in apparently non-humorous contexts.
the complex is architecturally important as it's one of london's best examples of concrete brutalist architecture.	the complex is architecturally important as it's one of london's principal examples of concrete brutalist architecture.
tenuous connections persist between albanian on the one hand and thracian and dacian on the other, mainly the contentions that all are satem languages, but such a fact in and of itself would not imply any close relationship, given the wide distribution of other satem languages.	connections persist between albanian on the one hand and thracian and dacian on the other, mainly the contentions that all are satem languages, but such a fact in and of itself would not imply any close relationship, given the wide distribution of other satem languages.
recently this form of associational excommunication (from association membership, not from salvation) has happened to many local churches in the southern baptist convention for such things as ordaining women, hiring a woman pastor, and condoning sodomy .	recently this form of associational excommunication (from association membership, not from salvation) has happened to many local churches in the southern baptist convention for such things as ordaining women, hiring a woman pastor, and condoning homosexuality .
cuomo was the primary reporter on all breaking news stories, both at home and around the world, including dozens of assignments in some 10 countries.	cuomo was the primary reporter on breaking news stories, both at home and around the world, including dozens of assignments in some 10 countries.
fred dalton thompson (originally and rarely freddie dalton thompson ) was born on august 19, 1942. he is an american politician, actor, attorney, and lobbyist who represented tennessee as a republican in the u.s. senate from 1994 through 2002.	fred thompson (originally and rarely freddie dalton thompson ) was born on august 19, 1942. he is an american politician, actor, attorney, and lobbyist who represented tennessee as a republican in the u.s. senate from 1994 through 2002.
mahmoud hawi, 37, australian criminal and underworld biker boss (comancheros), shot.	mahmoud hawi, 37, australian criminal and biker boss (comancheros), shot.
"in present-day united states and canada, it is often suggested that during the months leading up to december 25, public mention of the term ""christmas"" is strenuously avoided and replaced with a non-denominational term, usually ""holiday"" or ""winter"", while at the same time, specific non-religious christmas customs such as santa claus and christmas trees are prominently showcased."	"in present-day united states and canada, it is often suggested that during the months leading up to december 25, public mention of the term ""christmas"" is strenuously avoided and replaced with a generic term, usually ""holiday"" or ""winter"", while at the same time, specific non-religious christmas customs such as santa claus and christmas trees are prominently showcased."
however, an idea or concept for a film can originate with any creative individual, including a screenwriter, a director or a producer.	however, an idea or concept for a film can originate with any individual, including a screenwriter, a director or a producer.
these acts would cause an understandable enmity against germans, and later be used as part of the justification for the expulsions.	these acts would cause an enmity against germans, and later be used as part of the justification for the expulsions.
for the football club formed by dissident supporters of wimbledon f.c.	for the football club formed by some supporters of wimbledon f.c.
robinson is listed at just with shoes.	robinson is listed at with shoes.
at the end of wwii in 1945, japanese troops stationed in taiwan surrendered to republic of china forces giving chiang kai-shek effective military control of taiwan.	at the end of wwii in 1945, japanese troops stationed in taiwan surrendered to republic of china forces giving chiang kai-shek effective control of taiwan.
a conservative republican, she was first appointed to the senate by her father, governor frank murkowski, in 2002. she is the only woman ever elected to congress from her state, in addition to being the first senator born in alaska.	a republican, she was first appointed to the senate by her father, governor frank murkowski, in 2002. she is the only woman ever elected to congress from her state, in addition to being the first senator born in alaska.
this is a recording is a comedy album released in 1972 by actress- comedienne lily tomlin.	this is a recording is a comedy album released in 1972 by actress- comedian lily tomlin.
basnight chaired the dare county tourist bureau from 1974 to 1976, and was a member of the north carolina board of transportation from 1977 to 1983. he received an honorary bachelor's degree from east carolina university in 1996 and was awarded honorary membership in the prestigious society of the seven in that same year.	basnight chaired the dare county tourist bureau from 1974 to 1976, and was a member of the north carolina board of transportation from 1977 to 1983. he received an honorary bachelor's degree from east carolina university in 1996 and was awarded honorary membership in the society of the seven in that same year.
palmistry, or chiromancy (also spelled cheiromancy; from greek kheir (, ; hand) and manteia (, ; divination)), is the art of characterization and foretelling the future through the study of the palm, also known as palm reading or chirology.	palmistry, or chiromancy (also spelled cheiromancy; from greek kheir (, ; hand) and manteia (, ; divination)), is the claim of characterization and foretelling the future through the study of the palm, also known as palm reading or chirology.
most recently she played baines the butch chauffeur in the bbc's 1920's adaptation of the turn of the screw 2009. albiston had small roles in the bollywood film jhootha hi sahi directed by abbas tyrewala and in five daughters the bbcs factually-based drama telling the stories of five young women who were tragically murdered in ipswich in 2006.	most recently she played baines the butch chauffeur in the bbc's 1920's adaptation of the turn of the screw 2009. albiston had small roles in the bollywood film jhootha hi sahi directed by abbas tyrewala and in five daughters the bbcs factually-based drama telling the stories of five young women who were murdered in ipswich in 2006.
fiery zeal for the true faith	fiery zeal for the oriental orthodox faith
however his supporters, among whom his widow, later made the following unauthorative claims:	however his supporters, among whom his widow, later made the following claims:
in addition to his daily three-hour radio program, belling is frequently asked to guest-host rush limbaugh's prestigious national radio program.	in addition to his daily three-hour radio program, belling is frequently asked to guest-host rush limbaugh's national radio program.
high rates of major depressive disorder occur in heavy drinkers and those who abuse alcohol.	high rates of major depressive disorder occur in heavy drinkers and those who misuse alcohol.
carol leifer (born 1956), comedienne and actress	carol leifer (born 1956), comedian and actress
garrett attacked the government's inaction on climate change to which turnbull retaliated that garrett's current claims betray his previous career as a political activist.	garrett attacked the government's record on climate change to which turnbull retaliated that garrett's current claims betray his previous career as a political activist.
the statute's penal provisions are draconian by most nations' standards, providing for long terms of imprisonment, caning, and capital punishment.	the statute's penal provisions are severe by most nations' standards, providing for long terms of imprisonment, caning, and capital punishment.
"as a result of this hoopla , the expressway was known as the ""golden expressway""."	"as a result of this widespread promotion , the expressway was known as the ""golden expressway""."
zeppelin travelled in a private jet, rented out entire sections of hotels, and became the subjects of many of rock's most famous stories of debauchery: trashed hotel rooms, sexual escapades, and heavy use of drugs and alcohol.	zeppelin travelled in a private jet, rented out entire sections of hotels, and became the subjects of many of rock's most famous stories of debauchery: trashed hotel rooms, sexual escapades, and heavy use of drugs including alcohol.
in 2003 he published a biography of captain robert scott which proved a robust defence of scott's achievements and reputation which had been strongly questioned by biographers such as roland huntford.	in 2003 he published a biography of captain robert scott which attempted to provide a robust defence of scott's achievements and reputation which had been strongly questioned by biographers such as roland huntford.
although the salomon name carried on as salomon smith barney, which were the investment banking operations of citigroup, the name was ultimately abandoned in october 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.	although the salomon name carried on as salomon smith barney, which were the investment banking operations of citigroup, the name was abandoned in october 2003 after a series of financial scandals that tarnished the bank's reputation.
after squandering 5 match points, murray eventually lost in three sets, bringing to an end his 12-0 winning streak at the competition.	after failing to capitalise on 5 match points, murray eventually lost in three sets, bringing to an end his 12-0 winning streak at the competition.
in the latter play wiest was deeply hilarious as the shy and awkward authoress elizabeth barrow colt, and she won every off-broadway theatre award for her performance: an obie award, a theatre world award, and the prestigious clarence derwent award, given yearly for the most promising performance in new york theatre.	in the latter play wiest was deeply hilarious as the shy and awkward authoress elizabeth barrow colt, and she won every off-broadway theatre award for her performance: an obie award, a theatre world award, and the clarence derwent award, given yearly for the most promising performance in new york theatre.
syria continued to support lebanese resistance , leading up to israel's withdrawal in 2000.	syria continued to support lebanese militias , leading up to israel's withdrawal in 2000.
"casale was reportedly ""standing about 15 feet away"" from allison krause when she was shot, and was friends with her and another murdered student."	"casale was reportedly ""standing about 15 feet away"" from allison krause when she was shot, and was friends with her and another killed student."
the publishers are right-wing , business-orientated and funded think tanks.	the publishers are conservative , business-orientated and funded think tanks.
barrett unfortunately died of cancer in april 1996, shortly after the conclusion of the season.	barrett died of cancer in april 1996, shortly after the conclusion of the season.
harry melling as dudley dursley: harry's immensley over-weight, bullying, and spoiled cousin.	harry melling as dudley dursley: harry's over-weight, bullying, and spoiled cousin.
some acts involve only sabotage of equipment and unmanned facilities using techniques ranging from equipment destruction to arson and firebombing.	some acts involve sabotage of equipment and unmanned facilities using techniques ranging from equipment destruction to arson and firebombing.
"abraham stern (hebrew: avraham shtern), alias yair (hebrew: ) (december 23, 1907 - february 12, 1942) was the founder and leader of the zionist underground terrorist organization later known as lehi and also known as the ""stern gang""."	"abraham stern (hebrew: avraham shtern), alias yair (hebrew: ) (december 23, 1907 - february 12, 1942) was the founder and leader of the zionist underground organization later known as lehi and also known as the ""stern gang""."
it is still a common problem in south asia, the middle east and africa and eastern europe.	it is still a common practice in south asia, the middle east and africa and eastern europe.
angela webber, 52, australian comedienne and writer, cancer.	angela webber, 52, australian comedian and writer, cancer.
excellent research based on case studies or other forms of qualitative research are generally excluded from this category.	research based on case studies or other forms of qualitative research are generally excluded from this category.
unfortunately it is very inexpensive for resellers to enter this business and no good way to determine whose services they are actually reselling, or if in fact they have the ability to provide the services they advertise.	it is very inexpensive for resellers to enter this business and no good way to determine whose services they are actually reselling, or if in fact they have the ability to provide the services they advertise.
plaque at middle street, brightonfriese-greene's former home in brighton's middle street was refurbished in 2006 and is now home to the offices of worth, a leading media company.	plaque at middle street, brightonfriese-greene's former home in brighton's middle street was refurbished in 2006 and is now home to the offices of worth, a media company.
"adi da proclaims that he is an ""avataric incarnation"", a uniquely full and complete manifestation of the divine in human form, and that his life and teaching fulfill and surpass the aspirations of all other religious traditions."	"adi da states that he is an ""avataric incarnation"", a uniquely full and complete manifestation of the divine in human form, and that his life and teaching fulfill and surpass the aspirations of all other religious traditions."
the united kingdom was the first european country with a taco bell.	the united kingdom was the first eu country with a taco bell.
currently, the a57 runs through the middle of the quarter but upon the completion of the northern relief road, a dedicated route will be provided around the quarter, with the idea of improving the character of the area.	currently, the a57 runs through the middle of the quarter but upon the completion of the northern relief road, a dedicated route will be provided around the quarter, with the intention of improving the character of the area.
in 1984, after being unable to finalize a deal with director herbert ross, paramount pictures surprisingly offered the job of directing footloose to cimino.	in 1984, after being unable to finalize a deal with director herbert ross, paramount pictures offered the job of directing footloose to cimino.
a romantic photograph of a 1937 rolls-royce, which had belonged to barbara hutton, near which de evia's then lover , robert denning, was posed, pushing a girl in a swing, won de evia the general motors' body by fisher account in the early 1950s.	a romantic photograph of a 1937 rolls-royce, which had belonged to barbara hutton, near which de evia's then companion , robert denning, was posed, pushing a girl in a swing, won de evia the general motors' body by fisher account in the early 1950s.
"in 1946, lhj adopted the feminist slogan, ""never underestimate the power of a woman"", which it continues to use today."	"in 1946, lhj adopted the slogan, ""never underestimate the power of a woman"", which it continues to use today."
each of the island has its unique character: oshima is famous for its active volcano mt mihara and camellias, hachijojima for its former penal colony, mikurajima for dolphin watching, niijima for its numerous beaches, kozujima for its white sandy shores, hachijojima for its well-preserved unique culture, and miyakejima for the 2001 volcanic eruption.	each of the island has its unique character: oshima is noted for its active volcano mt mihara and camellias, hachijojima for its former penal colony, mikurajima for dolphin watching, niijima for its numerous beaches, kozujima for its white sandy shores, hachijojima for its well-preserved unique culture, and miyakejima for the 2001 volcanic eruption.
mel columcille gerard gibson (born january 3, 1956) is an american-born australian-reared actor, director and producer best known for acting in the mad max movie series, the lethal weapon series, acting in and directing the academy award winning braveheart and directing the 2004 blockbuster masterpiece the passion of the christ.	mel columcille gerard gibson (born january 3, 1956) is an american-born australian-reared actor, director and producer best known for acting in the mad max movie series, the lethal weapon series, acting in and directing the academy award winning braveheart and directing the 2004 blockbuster the passion of the christ.
the so-called book of veles, said to have been found during the russian civil war and to have disappeared in wwii, would, if genuine, provide about the only surviving pre-christian russian literary monument.	the book of veles, said to have been found during the russian civil war and to have disappeared in wwii, would, if genuine, provide about the only surviving pre-christian russian literary monument.
the neutron flux is astonishingly high, about 1022 neutrons per square centimeter per second.	the neutron flux is extremely high, about 1022 neutrons per square centimeter per second.
during the japanese administration of taiwan before 1945, native taiwanese were barred from politics and administration but were encouraged to become doctors and nurses, leading to this profession being regarded as a high status means of social advancement.	during the japanese occupation of taiwan before 1945, native taiwanese were barred from politics and administration but were encouraged to become doctors and nurses, leading to this profession being regarded as a high status means of social advancement.
she currently lives in county derry , northern ireland.	she currently lives in county londonderry , northern ireland.
fathers such as irenaeus affirmed the role of the apostolic succession of bishops in preserving apostolic teaching.	fathers such as irenaeus advocated the role of the apostolic succession of bishops in preserving apostolic teaching.
after being held hostage for 126 days, the dignitaries were freed on 22 april 1997 in a daring raid by peruvian armed forces commandos, during which one hostage, two commandos, and all the mrta militants died.	after being held hostage for 126 days, the dignitaries were freed on 22 april 1997 in a raid by peruvian armed forces commandos, during which one hostage, two commandos, and all the mrta militants died.
rand's philosophy has been the object of criticism by several prominent intellectuals.	rand's philosophy has been the object of criticism by prominent intellectuals.
the construction of the aswan high dam across the nile river in the 1960s reduced the inflow of freshwater and nutrient-rich silt from the nile into the eastern mediterranean, making conditions there even more like the red sea, thus worsening the impact of the invasions and facilitating the occurrence of new ones.	the construction of the aswan high dam across the nile river in the 1960s reduced the inflow of freshwater and nutrient-rich silt from the nile into the eastern mediterranean, making conditions there even more like the red sea, thus increasing the impact of the invasions and facilitating the occurrence of new ones.
renowned islamic jurist and historian ibn kathir, who chronicled the life of muhammad in his book al-bidya wa-n-nihya, relates that:	islamic jurist and historian ibn kathir, who chronicled the life of muhammad in his book al-bidya wa-n-nihya, relates that:
the central questions of some economic theory are then what resources are scarce, and how does one make choices between the alternatives.	the central questions of economic theory are then what resources are scarce, and how does one make choices between the alternatives.
"the video for the hit song ""thillana thillana"" became famous for the belly dance of meena featuring a lot of closeup shots of her navel."	"the video for the song ""thillana thillana"" became famous for the belly dance of meena featuring a lot of closeup shots of her navel."
11 may 1916; d. 24 december 1953, killed in kenya, in an action against mau mau terrorists .	11 may 1916; d. 24 december 1953, killed in kenya, in an action against mau mau rebels .
in 2002 he made his west end debut in rob bettinson and alan janes' 125th street at the shaftesbury theatre.3 following that production, he would star in the london premiere of ragtime, directed by stafford arima at the piccadilly theatre, as coalhouse walker jr., a performance for which he would be nominated for the prestigious olivier award for best actor in a musical.	in 2002 he made his west end debut in rob bettinson and alan janes' 125th street at the shaftesbury theatre.3 following that production, he would star in the london premiere of ragtime, directed by stafford arima at the piccadilly theatre, as coalhouse walker jr., a performance for which he would be nominated for the olivier award for best actor in a musical.
his career was ended in a tragic limousine accident just six days after the red wings 1997 stanley cup victory.	his career was ended in a limousine accident just six days after the red wings 1997 stanley cup victory.
there are paramilitary units that are an official legislated arm of the government, anti-government terrorist units that claim paramilitary status, and civilian paramilitary units that are neither, and other groups that are something in between.	there are paramilitary units that are an official legislated arm of the government, anti-government armed units that claim paramilitary status, and civilian paramilitary units that are neither, and other groups that are something in between.
the all-powerful, or the all-loving), and there is a substantial emphasis on monotheism, rejecting such doctrines as the trinity.	the all-powerful, or the all-loving), and there is a substantial emphasis on monotheism, as well as a rejection of such doctrines as the trinity.
one of the main features of the wfd is the european waste hierarchy.	one of the features of the wfd is the european waste hierarchy.
todays u.s. bank was forged during the 1990s from the combination of several excellent major regional banks, including star bank, firstar, mercantile, first bank system, u.s. bank, and colorado national bank.	todays u.s. bank was forged during the 1990s from the combination of several major regional banks, including star bank, firstar, mercantile, first bank system, u.s. bank, and colorado national bank.
currently, damages may only be reduced for the nonuse of a seatbelt in 14 states : alaska, arizona, colorado, florida, iowa, michigan, missouri, nebraska, new jersey, new york, ohio, oregon, west virginia, and wisconsin.	currently, damages may be reduced for the nonuse of a seatbelt in 14 states : alaska, arizona, colorado, florida, iowa, michigan, missouri, nebraska, new jersey, new york, ohio, oregon, west virginia, and wisconsin.
strawberry hill is an affluent area of the london borough of richmond upon thames in twickenham.	strawberry hill is an area of the london borough of richmond upon thames in twickenham.
"the term 'crocodiles' is sometimes incorrectly used to refer to alligators and caiman, or even their distant prehistoric relatives, ""marine crocodiles""."	"the term 'crocodiles' is sometimes used to refer to alligators and caiman, or even their distant prehistoric relatives, ""marine crocodiles""."
her goal is to remind readers of the importance of punctuation in the english language by mixing attempted humour and instruction.	her goal is to remind readers of the importance of punctuation in the english language by mixing humour and instruction.
the severe problems with the list, and the process by which it was manufactured and deployed, as well as other issues related to the 2000 election controversy in florida, became the subject of much criticism and allegations of fraud, which resulted in investigations, litigation, and reform measures.	the problems with the list, and the process by which it was manufactured and deployed, as well as other issues related to the 2000 election controversy in florida, became the subject of much criticism and allegations of fraud, which resulted in investigations, litigation, and reform measures.
"unfortunately, the editor failed to notice that the original already included a ""the"", producing the amusingly redundant attack of the the eye creatures."	"unfortunately, the editor failed to notice that the original already included a ""the"", producing the redundant attack of the the eye creatures."
the eurofighter typhoon is a highly agile aircraft, designed to be a supremely effective dogfighter when in combat with other aircraft, considered second only to the f-22 raptor even though the raptor is nearly twice the cost.	the eurofighter typhoon is a highly agile aircraft, designed to be a supremely effective dogfighter when in combat with other aircraft, and has been described as second only to the f-22 raptor even though the raptor is nearly twice the cost.
after the restoration, in 1660, charles ii caused ireton's corpse to be exhumed and mutilated in a macabre posthumous execution, along with that of cromwell and bradshaw, in retribution for signing his father's death warrant.	after the restoration, in 1660, charles ii caused ireton's corpse to be exhumed and mutilated in a posthumous execution, along with that of cromwell and bradshaw, in retribution for signing his father's death warrant.
piracy was prevented by requiring the same unit to be present on loading the games.	copyright infringement was prevented by requiring the same unit to be present on loading the games.
he stood unsuccessfully for parliament as a conservative candidate for the eastern division of norfolk in the 1895 summer election, losing by only 198 votes.	he stood unsuccessfully for parliament as a conservative candidate for the eastern division of norfolk in the 1895 summer election, losing by 198 votes.
they also maintain and install the famed red bull vert ramp.	they also maintain and install the red bull vert ramp.
according to the right-wing hungarian government, there are 900 no-go areas in total, in the whole of eu.	according to the hungarian government, there are 900 no-go areas in total, in the whole of eu.
guthrie is a superheroine associated with the x-men.	guthrie is a superhero associated with the x-men.
members of this fascinating group include the rotaviruses, renowned globally as the commonest cause of gastroenteritis in young children, and bluetongue virus, an economically important pathogen of cattle and sheep.	members of this group include the rotaviruses, renowned globally as the commonest cause of gastroenteritis in young children, and bluetongue virus, an economically important pathogen of cattle and sheep.
during the korean war the movement of un troops approaching the river provoked massive chinese intervention from around dandong.	during the korean war the movement of un troops approaching the river precipitated massive chinese intervention from around dandong.
"in an interview with the american journalist ron rosenbaum, irving, referring to the surviving members of hitler's circle ( often referred to as ""the magic circle"") claimed to have developed sympathies towards them."	"in an interview with the american journalist ron rosenbaum, irving, referring to the surviving members of hitler's circle ( which irving referred to as ""the magic circle"") claimed to have developed sympathies towards them."
the most prominent off-shoot of this movement is the controversial glen movement, led by the preacher and former imam fethullah glen, although there has been increasing conflict between members of the original nurcu movement and the glen movement over the latter's influence over turkish politics and perceived infiltration of parts of the secular turkish government.	the most prominent off-shoot of this movement is the glen movement, led by the preacher and former imam fethullah glen, although there has been increasing conflict between members of the original nurcu movement and the glen movement over the latter's influence over turkish politics and perceived infiltration of parts of the secular turkish government.
in christian demonic mythology , gressil is the demon of impurity and uncleanliness.	in christian demonic beleifs , gressil is the demon of impurity and uncleanliness.
his last recording, released in a special reader's digest boxed set, was a sterling performance of brahms' fourth symphony, recorded with the royal philharmonic orchestra in london's kingsway hall.	his last recording, released in a special reader's digest boxed set, was a performance of brahms' fourth symphony, recorded with the royal philharmonic orchestra in london's kingsway hall.
when able to control his split-finger fastball, batters swing foolishly as the ball drops down at the last second.	when able to control his split-finger fastball, batters swing as the ball drops down at the last second.
"while the song was written about a one night stand, for many teenagers it was misinterpreted as a song about the closing of an era (specifically of high school), and was chosen by many graduating senior classes to be their ""class song""."	"while the song was written about a one night stand, for many teenagers it was interpreted as a song about the closing of an era (specifically of high school), and was chosen by many graduating senior classes to be their ""class song""."
}}fitna is a 2008 anti-muslim short film by dutch parliamentarian geert wilders.	}}fitna is a 2008 short film by dutch parliamentarian geert wilders.
suzy parker (october 28, 1932 - may 3, 2003) was an american actress and supermodel .	suzy parker (october 28, 1932 - may 3, 2003) was an american actress and model .
greg miller, a social entrepreneur and dance aficionado, established the non-profit organization in december, 2006 and led an all-volunteer group that produced the inaugural parade on may 19, 2007. over 2300 dancers from 75 organizations made their way down manhattans broadway and fifth avenue on and around eight colorful floats.	greg miller, a social entrepreneur and dance aficionado, established the non-profit organization in december, 2006 and led an all-volunteer group that produced the inaugural parade on may 19, 2007. over 2300 dancers from 75 organizations made their way down manhattans broadway and fifth avenue on and around eight floats.
during the 1948 palestine war, red cross reports indicated that the jewish haganah militia had released salmonella typhi bacteria into the water supply for the city of acre, causing an outbreak of typhoid among the inhabitants.	during the 1948 palestine war, red cross reports rasied suspicion that the jewish haganah militia had released salmonella typhi bacteria into the water supply for the city of acre, causing an outbreak of typhoid among the inhabitants.
czechoslovakia was occupied by germany in world war ii, and was conquered in 1945 by soviet red army.	czechoslovakia was occupied by germany in world war ii, and was liberated in 1945 by soviet red army.
the simulators are extensible, flexible and supported by a vast library of over 250,000 freeware assets which can be downloaded from the n3v corporate servers asset library and download linker, referred to as download station (dls).	the simulators are extensible, flexible and supported by a large library of over 250,000 freeware assets which can be downloaded from the n3v corporate servers asset library and download linker, referred to as download station (dls).
lytx introduced its activevision service at the american trucking associations annual management conference and exhibition in philadelphia in october 2015. the service uses machine vision technology to identify patterns that may be indicative of distracted and drowsy driving such as lane departures and following distances.	lytx launched its activevision service at the american trucking associations annual management conference and exhibition in philadelphia in october 2015. the service uses machine vision technology to identify patterns that may be indicative of distracted and drowsy driving such as lane departures and following distances.
all were protestant and all were murdered by the provisional irish republican army.	all were protestant and all were killed by the provisional irish republican army.
the 2003 texas redistricting refers to a highly controversial congressional redistricting plan appealed to the united states supreme court in league of united latin american citizens v. perry.	the 2003 texas redistricting refers to a controversial congressional redistricting plan appealed to the united states supreme court in league of united latin american citizens v. perry.
her humanitarian philosophy is still influential among the groups, schools, and organizations that study and implement her ideas worldwide.	her philosophy is still influential among the groups, schools, and organizations that study and implement her ideas worldwide.
"iarc is not a recognized education accreditation organization; the organization expressly states that its recognition of an institution ""does not guarantee any sort of acceptance by any particular country or government"" and ""should not be seen as a replacement to any national system (of accreditation) presently existing, but as an adjunct to it."""	"iarc is not a recognized education accreditation organization; the organization states that its recognition of an institution ""does not guarantee any sort of acceptance by any particular country or government"" and ""should not be seen as a replacement to any national system (of accreditation) presently existing, but as an adjunct to it."""
the swedish standards institute has become one of the more ridiculous battlegrounds for supporters and opponents of office open xml in the current iso standardization proces.	the swedish standards institute has become one of the more battlegrounds for supporters and opponents of office open xml in the current iso standardization proces.
in 2012, emily and fellow singer/ comedienne jac huberman created a stage show called jac n swallow, which they perform in new york at the laurie beeckman theater and joe's pub.	in 2012, emily and fellow singer/ comedian jac huberman created a stage show called jac n swallow, which they perform in new york at the laurie beeckman theater and joe's pub.
in south carolina, i-95 travels further inland than its paths to the south, and passes the south of the border attraction immediately before crossing into north carolina.	in south carolina, i-95 travels further inland than its paths to the south, and passes the south of the border flea market immediately before crossing into north carolina.
a ceremonial signed copy is on display to the public in the national archives in washington, dc.	a signed copy is on display to the public in the national archives in washington, dc.
peace vigil - week 2	vigil - week 2
several famous people were jailed in the castle, including the italian revolutionary hero silvio pellico, the hungarian prime minister lajos batthyany and the slovene author ivan cankar.	several famous people were jailed in the castle, including the italian revolutionary silvio pellico, the hungarian prime minister lajos batthyany and the slovene author ivan cankar.
in the nineteenth century cantor showed that this restriction is not necessary.	in the nineteenth century cantor said that this restriction is not necessary.
my bloody valentine were an irish-british rock band best known for their creative use of guitar distortion, tremolo, and digital reverb.	my bloody valentine were an irish-british shoegazing band best known for their creative use of guitar distortion, tremolo, and digital reverb.
the museum brings together some of the fascinating developments and practices of dry land farming.	the museum brings together some of the developments and practices of dry land farming.
in the book rauser defuses many of the objections raised by critics like colson and mohler.	in the book rauser responds to many of the objections raised by critics like colson and mohler.
likewise, some mainstream newspapers have also published several articles criticizing tv3 for favoring the views of the catalan government or empathizing with the independentism movement international observers have noticed these same newspapers have enthusiastically supported the unionist campaign, which lead those newspapers, ideologically related to the unionist spanish right-wing, to try to raise doubts about the observers' actions.	likewise, some mainstream newspapers have also published several articles criticizing tv3 for favoring the views of the catalan government or empathizing with the independentism movement international observers have noticed these same newspapers have enthusiastically supported the anti-independence campaign, which lead those newspapers, ideologically related to the unionist spanish right-wing, to try to raise doubts about the observers' actions.
in december 1981 he was kidnapped by basque terrorist organisation eta and held for two weeks, eventually being found unharmed.	in december 1981 he was kidnapped by basque separatist organisation eta and held for two weeks, eventually being found unharmed.
the college provides programs of study which innovative integrate liberal arts and sciences with professional preparation.	the college provides programs of study which integrate liberal arts and sciences with professional preparation.
"from there, he became better known to american audiences for his roles as ""diego"" on the nbc sitcom jesse, starring christina applegate; as attorney ""joe rivera"" in progressive showtime series leap years; and for a recurring guest role as ""dr. eddie dorset"" on the nbc drama er."	"from there, he became better known to american audiences for his roles as ""diego"" on the nbc sitcom jesse, starring christina applegate; as attorney ""joe rivera"" in the showtime series leap years; and for a recurring guest role as ""dr. eddie dorset"" on the nbc drama er."
"this ground-breaking scheme (that may be the first of its kind in the world) involves ""active network management"" that will make better use of the existing infrastructure and allow a further 15mw of new ""non-firm generation"" output from renewables onto the network."	"this scheme (that may be the first of its kind in the world) involves ""active network management"" that will make better use of the existing infrastructure and allow a further 15mw of new ""non-firm generation"" output from renewables onto the network."
benoyendranath sen (also spelt benoyendra nath sen)(1868 1913) was a prominent brahmo activist in kolkata (then calcutta) and a new dispensation leader in the post-keshub chunder sen era of the brahmo movement.	benoyendranath sen (also spelt benoyendra nath sen)(1868 1913) was a brahmo activist in kolkata (then calcutta) and a new dispensation leader in the post-keshub chunder sen era of the brahmo movement.
while greek astronomy probably influenced indian learning, to the point of introducing trigonometry, it seems to be the case that indian mathematics is otherwise an indigenous tradition; in particular, there is no evidence that euclid's elements reached india before the 18th century.	plofker claims that greek astronomy probably influenced indian learning, to the point of introducing trigonometry, it seems to be the case that indian mathematics is otherwise an indigenous tradition; in particular, there is no evidence that euclid's elements reached india before the 18th century.
at hawkesbury junction there are some fascinating buildings from the working days of the canal, and the greyhound pub is a traditional stop for boaters.	at hawkesbury junction there are some buildings from the working days of the canal, and the greyhound pub is a traditional stop for boaters.
occasionally the seagoon character would have a different name, depending on the setting of the plot; he is ancient welsh tribal chieftain caractacus seagoon in the histories of pliny the elder; winston seagoon in 1985, the excellent parody of george orwell's 1984; professor ned quatermess in the scarlet capsule (a send-up of the quatermass sci-fi tv series of the time); samuel pepys in the flea, set in the london of 1665; and robin hood in ye bandit of sherwood forest.	occasionally the seagoon character would have a different name, depending on the setting of the plot; he is ancient welsh tribal chieftain caractacus seagoon in the histories of pliny the elder; winston seagoon in 1985, the parody of george orwell's 1984; professor ned quatermess in the scarlet capsule (a send-up of the quatermass sci-fi tv series of the time); samuel pepys in the flea, set in the london of 1665; and robin hood in ye bandit of sherwood forest.
several of these human shields had to be saved by us marines after iraqis threatened them for opposing the liberation of their country.	several of these human shields had to be saved by us marines after iraqis threatened them for opposing the invasion of their country.
the coastal plain league (cpl) is a collegiate summer league, featuring top-notch college players from throughout the nation.	the coastal plain league (cpl) is a collegiate summer league, featuring college players from throughout the nation.
national express operate coach service 030 between london victoria coach station and portsmouth and southsea via park barn in guildford, but not stopping in the congested town centre.	national express operate coach service 030 between london victoria coach station and portsmouth and southsea via park barn in guildford, but not stopping in the town centre.
climate engineering, commonly referred to as geoengineering, also known as climate intervention, is the deliberate and large-scale intervention in the earths climatic system with the aim of exploiting adverse global warming.	climate engineering, commonly referred to as geoengineering, also known as climate intervention, is the deliberate and large-scale intervention in the earths climatic system with the aim of affecting adverse global warming.
whereas before the logo consisted of the two oak leaves (from oak hill, the original grounds of the school), and the de la salle star, the new logo replace one of the oak leaves with a crown of thorns from the crest of jesus and mary's convent school.	whereas before the logo consisted of the two oak leaves (from oak hill, the original grounds of the school), and the de la salle star, the new logo has replaced one of the oak leaves with a crown of thorns from the crest of jesus and mary's convent school.
frdric thomas, writing in le monde diplomatique, claims that the number two employer in the sub-contractegarment industry in haiti currently employs 8,000 people.	frdric thomas, writing in le monde diplomatique, claims that the number two employer in the garment industry in haiti currently employs 8,000 people.
"the album includes a duet with jeff buckley as well as the song ""yard of blonde girls"" which jeff covered on his acclaimed posthumous album sketches for my sweetheart the drunk."	"the album includes a duet with jeff buckley as well as the song ""yard of blonde girls"" which jeff covered on his 1998 posthumous album sketches for my sweetheart the drunk."
following the 11 september 2001 attacks, when asked how the world might have changed, dawkins responded :	following the 11 september 2001 attacks, when asked how the world might have changed, dawkins claimed :
afrikaans singer bles bridges held a concert on 3 march 1987 in pretoria and gave the 10,000 rand raised to the scheme .	afrikaans singer bles bridges held a concert on 3 march 1987 in pretoria and gave the 10,000 rand raised to the project .
despite being at a relatively early stage of development, these codecs already out-performed divx in doom9's 2005 quality test, thanks to the more advanced features of mpeg-4 part 10. part 10's advanced features come at a cost: they are two to three times more cpu intensive than the relatively lightweight algorithms used in the divx codec.	despite being at a relatively early stage of development, these codecs out-performed divx in doom9's 2005 quality test, thanks to the more advanced features of mpeg-4 part 10. part 10's advanced features come at a cost: they are two to three times more cpu intensive than the relatively lightweight algorithms used in the divx codec.
"his famous ""parable of the invisible gardener"" is a profound dialectic on the existence or absence of god."	"his famous ""parable of the invisible gardener"" is a dialectic on the existence or absence of god."
the new york international bible society's new international version of the complete holy bible translated into modern american english is published.	the new york international bible society's new international version of the complete bible translated into modern american english is published.
"thatcher took a hard line against trade unions, survived an assassination attempt, and defiantly opposed the soviet union (her tough-talking rhetoric gained her the nickname the ""iron lady""); she was reelected for an unprecedented third term in 1987. the following years would prove difficult, as her community charge plan was unpopular with many, and her views regarding the european community were not shared by others in her cabinet."	"thatcher took a hard line against trade unions, survived an assassination attempt, and opposed the soviet union (her tough-talking rhetoric gained her the nickname the ""iron lady""); she was reelected for an unprecedented third term in 1987. the following years would prove difficult, as her community charge plan was unpopular with many, and her views regarding the european community were not shared by others in her cabinet."
the main therapeutic approach to primary hyperoxaluria is unfortunately still restricted to symptomatic treatment, i.e.	the main therapeutic approach to primary hyperoxaluria is still restricted to symptomatic treatment, i.e.
the beautiful coastline, including big sur, california highway 1, and the 17 mile drive on the monterey peninsula has made the county world famous.	the coastline, including big sur, california highway 1, and the 17 mile drive on the monterey peninsula has made the county world famous.
"april 2005 saw the launch of the spectacular rimmel london mascara ad featuring a leather clad kate moss riding a motorbike through london to the sound of the underground rock track ""another cold beer"" by steven crayn ."	"april 2005 saw the launch of the rimmel london mascara ad featuring a leather clad kate moss riding a motorbike through london to the sound of the underground rock track ""another cold beer"" by steven crayn."
between 1939 and 1949 the non-independent vatican-led archaeological team had uncovered a complex of undoubtedly pagan mausoleums under the foundations of st. peter's basilica, dating to the 2nd and 3rd centuries.	between 1939 and 1949 the vatican-led archaeological team had uncovered a complex of undoubtedly pagan mausoleums under the foundations of st. peter's basilica, dating to the 2nd and 3rd centuries.
hedda zinner, or hedda erpenbeck-zinner (20 may 1905 – 7 january 1994) was a german political writer, actress, comedienne , journalist and radio director.	hedda zinner, or hedda erpenbeck-zinner (20 may 1905 – 7 january 1994) was a german political writer, actress, comedian , journalist and radio director.
"trump's populist, patriotic campaign, which promised to ""make america great again"" and opposed political correctness, illegal immigration, and many free-trade agreements, garnered extensive free media coverage."	"trump's populist, nationalist campaign, which promised to ""make america great again"" and opposed political correctness, illegal immigration, and many free-trade agreements, garnered extensive free media coverage."
the australian skeptics is a non-profit organisation based in australia which investigates paranormal and pseudoscientific claims using scientific methodologies.	the australian skeptics is a non-profit organisation based in australia which claims to investigate paranormal and pseudoscientific claims using scientific methodologies.
after the 2005 season, he will thankfully be a free agent.	after the 2005 season, he will be a free agent.
despite several references listing different combinations of picti, scotti, hiberni, attecotti and saxons together as later roman britain's archetypal enemies, it is worth noting that 'scotti' and 'hiberni' are never listed together, confirming they were then, as they were later, alternative names for the irish or confederations of the irish.	despite several references listing different combinations of picti, scotti, hiberni, attecotti and saxons together as later roman britain's archetypal enemies, it is worth noting that 'scotti' and 'hiberni' are never listed together, perhaps suggesting that they were then, as they were later, alternative names for the irish or confederations of the irish.
the flying spaghetti monster is the deity of a parody religion founded in 2005 by oregon state university physics graduate bobby henderson to protest the decision by the kansas state board of education to require the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to biological evolution.	the flying spaghetti monster is the deity of a religion founded in 2005 by oregon state university physics graduate bobby henderson to protest the decision by the kansas state board of education to require the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to biological evolution.
the white legend is sometimes mistakenly associated with spanish nationalistic politics and with the regime of dictator francisco franco.	the white legend is sometimes associated with spanish nationalistic politics and with the regime of dictator francisco franco.
sarandon and robbins are also noted for their involvement in wacko leftist political causes.	sarandon and robbins are also noted for their involvement in leftist political causes.
after terrorist attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon, the usa started a war against afghanistan and later a pre-emptive war against iraq.	after terrorist attacks on the world trade center and the pentagon, the usa started a war against afghanistan and later a war against iraq.
a heartbreaking home loss by a field goal to the hands of the craig polla-mounter and his canterbury bulldogs team, plus results going against them in the final round of the regular season saw the steelers finish 12th.	a home loss by a field goal to the hands of the craig polla-mounter and his canterbury bulldogs team, plus results going against them in the final round of the regular season saw the steelers finish 12th.
widespread repression in oromia	allegations of repression in oromia
unfortunately , he lost by another controversial split decision.	however , he lost by another controversial split decision.
japan is engaged in several territorial disputes with its neighbors: with russia over the south kuril islands, with south korea over takeshima , with china and taiwan over the senkaku islands and with china over the status of okinotorishima.	japan is engaged in several territorial disputes with its neighbors: with russia over the south kuril islands, with south korea over liancourt islands , with china and taiwan over the senkaku islands and with china over the status of okinotorishima.
judging from the preview:	from the preview:
enclosed by towering rocks and watered by a perennial stream, petra not only possessed the advantages of a fortress, but controlled the main commercial routes which passed through it to gaza in the west, to bosra and damascus in the north, to aqaba and leuce come on the red sea, and across the desert to the arabian gulf.	enclosed by towering rocks and watered by a perennial stream, petra not only possessed the advantages of a fortress, but controlled the main commercial routes which passed through it to gaza in the west, to bosra and damascus in the north, to aqaba and leuce come on the red sea, and across the desert to the persian gulf.
the resurrection of jesus is when jesus christ miraculously returned to life on the sunday following the friday on which he was executed by crucifixion.	the resurrection of jesus is the christian belief that jesus christ miraculously returned to life on the sunday following the friday on which he was executed by crucifixion.
she is the only child of anne hearst, a niece of infamous kidnap victim patty hearst, and a great-granddaughter of media tycoon william randolph hearst.	she is the only child of anne hearst, a niece of kidnap victim patty hearst, and a great-granddaughter of media tycoon william randolph hearst.
"by mid-1993, ""creep"" had inexplicably become a hit in israel, then the united states, and then a worldwide hit, finally reaching number 7 when it was rereleased in fall of 1993 in the band's native britain."	"by mid-1993, ""creep"" had become a hit in israel, then the united states, and then a worldwide hit, finally reaching number 7 when it was rereleased in fall of 1993 in the band's native britain."
the bulk of his photography work is not often seen in the usa, due to its frank openness about young male nudity and his past experiences with censorship and persecution around his photography for his 1975 book show me!	the bulk of his photography work is not often seen in the usa, due to its frank openness about young male nudity and his past experiences with censorship and censure around his photography for his 1975 book show me!
he fought bravely in america, europe and africa, and traveled throughout europe, asia minor, north america, south america and the antilles.	he fought in america, europe and africa, and traveled throughout europe, asia minor, north america, south america and the antilles.
the relative success of the album in addition to the pressures of being suddenly thrust into the spotlight took its toll on mangum, who disbanded neutral milk hotel in 1998 after a tour in support of their latest album.	the relative fucking of the album in addition to the pressures of being suddenly thrust into the spotlight took its toll on mangum, who disbanded neutral milk hotel in 1998 after a tour in support of their latest album.
fisichella has two children, carlotta and christopher, from his longtime domestic partner luna castellani (a former italian showgirl).	fisichella has two children, carlotta and christopher, with his longtime domestic partner luna castellani (a former italian showgirl).
as of july 11, 2015, thay has been flown to san francisco to speed his recovery with an aggressive rehabilitation program through ucsf medical center.	as of july 11, 2015, nht hnh has been flown to san francisco to speed his recovery with an aggressive rehabilitation program through ucsf medical center.
eugene pontecorvo, played by actor robert funaro, is a fictional character in the popular hbo television series the sopranos.	eugene pontecorvo, played by actor robert funaro, is a fictional character in the hbo television series the sopranos.
such racialist views were were sometimes accompanied by policies such as jim crow laws.	such race views were were sometimes accompanied by policies such as jim crow laws.
and she won the national championship, she did, with a stirring victory over the bulldoggies of mississippi state.	and she won the national championship, she did, with a stirring victory over the bulldogs of mississippi state.
george schoeters (22 april 1930 26 may 1994) was one of the founders and a leader of the quebec liberation front (flq) terrorist group in 1963. during world war ii, schoeter worked as a courier for the belgian resistance, thus beginning his clandestine career.	george schoeters (22 april 1930 26 may 1994) was one of the founders and a leader of the quebec liberation front (flq) militant group in 1963. during world war ii, schoeter worked as a courier for the belgian resistance, thus beginning his clandestine career.
the closing of the show was not because of the quality of parade, but was due largely to the charges of the fraud against garth drabinsky, and the ensuing bankruptcy of livent, the company producing parade.	the closing of the show was not because of the reception of parade, but was due largely to the charges of the fraud against garth drabinsky, and the ensuing bankruptcy of livent, the company producing parade.
karl lachmann based his critical edition of 1831 on manuscripts dating from the 4th century and earlier, to demonstrate that the textus receptus must be corrected according to these earlier texts.	karl lachmann based his critical edition of 1831 on manuscripts dating from the 4th century and earlier, to argue that the textus receptus must be corrected according to these earlier texts.
however , the book has not been without controversy.	at the same time , the book has not been without controversy.
the kingdom of pushyamitra was extended up to narmada in the south, and controlled jalandhar and sialkot in the punjab in the north-western regions, and the great city of ujjain in central india.	the kingdom of pushyamitra was extended up to narmada in the south, and controlled jalandhar and sialkot in the punjab in the north-western regions, and the city of ujjain in central india.
the new military frontiers for israel, as set by the agreements, encompassed about 78% of mandatory palestine as it stood after the independence of transjordan (now jordan) in 1946. the arab populated areas not controlled by israel prior to 1967 were the jordan ruled west bank and the egypt occupied gaza strip.	the new military frontiers for israel, as set by the agreements, encompassed about 78% of mandatory palestine as it stood after the independence of transjordan (now jordan) in 1946. the arab populated areas not controlled by israel prior to 1967 were the jordan occupied west bank and the egypt occupied gaza strip.
in the modern era, kobe bryant is considered to have the most deadliest fadeaway in the nba.	in the modern era, kobe bryant is considered to have the most effective fadeaway in the nba.
nelson m. skalbania (born february 12, 1938) is a flamboyant canadian businessman from vancouver, british columbia best known for signing a 17-year-old wayne gretzky to the indianapolis racers of the world hockey association.	nelson m. skalbania (born february 12, 1938) is a canadian businessman from vancouver, british columbia best known for signing a 17-year-old wayne gretzky to the indianapolis racers of the world hockey association.
abraham has received worldwide attention for a rebuttal he posted online to a talk given in 2009 by a well-known denier of human-caused global warming, christopher monckton.	abraham has received worldwide attention for a rebuttal he posted online to a talk given in 2009 by a well-known skeptic of human-caused global warming, christopher monckton.
"gold outflows from the u.s. accelerated, and despite gaining assurances from germany and other nations to hold gold, the profligate fiscal spending of the johnson administration had transformed the ""dollar shortage"" of the 1940s and 1950s into a dollar glut by the 1960s."	"gold outflows from the u.s. accelerated, and despite gaining assurances from germany and other nations to hold gold, the unbalanced fiscal spending of the johnson administration had transformed the ""dollar shortage"" of the 1940s and 1950s into a dollar glut by the 1960s."
as a guitarist, katz-bohen has backed legendary performers boy george, ashford & simpson, jody watley, lady miss kier, john cameron mitchell, debbie harry (as a solo artist), the toilet bys, and princess superstar.	as a guitarist, katz-bohen has backed performers boy george, ashford & simpson, jody watley, lady miss kier, john cameron mitchell, debbie harry (as a solo artist), the toilet bys, and princess superstar.
portuguese police nevertheless told gerry mccann on 7 september that madeleine's dna had been found in the boot of the car and behind the sofa in the apartment.	portuguese police told gerry mccann on 7 september that madeleine's dna had been found in the boot of the car and behind the sofa in the apartment.
while the books maintain narrative suspense and develop a compellingly stylized surface, her readers also encounter ideas intrinsic to her theoretical projects.	while the books maintain narrative suspense and develop a stylized surface, her readers also encounter ideas intrinsic to her theoretical projects.
a popular variant of table shuffleboard, more clearly related to billiards and air hockey, is bankboard (often simply called shuffleboard by its players), in which the player may bounce the puck off one of the rubber cushions or banks that run the length of both long sides of the table (in place of gutters), e.g.	a variant of table shuffleboard, more clearly related to billiards and air hockey, is bankboard (often simply called shuffleboard by its players), in which the player may bounce the puck off one of the rubber cushions or banks that run the length of both long sides of the table (in place of gutters), e.g.
is a doctoral degree above par with the ph.d. the doctor of science degree is earned with the approval of a committee on the basis of original research, publications, and extensive applied professional contributions, and is awarded predominantly in doctoral level science and technology programs such as engineering, information systems, and public health sciences.	is a doctoral degree on par with the ph.d. the doctor of science degree is earned with the approval of a committee on the basis of original research, publications, and extensive applied professional contributions, and is awarded predominantly in doctoral level science and technology programs such as engineering, information systems, and public health sciences.
rather than any literary merit, therefore, the chief value of the ormulum for scholars derives from orm's idiosyncratic orthographical system.	rather than conspicuous literary merit, therefore, the chief value of the ormulum for scholars derives from orm's idiosyncratic orthographical system.
26 izz el-deen sheikh khalil, hamas terrorist assassinated by car bomb	26 izz el-deen sheikh khalil, hamas leader assassinated by car bomb
his first career sack also destroyed the collarbone of cowboy quarterback tony romo the following week when the eagles traveled to play against the new york jets, hicks recorded a team high 10 tackles, an interception, and a fumble recovery.	his first career sack also broke the collarbone of cowboy quarterback tony romo the following week when the eagles traveled to play against the new york jets, hicks recorded a team high 10 tackles, an interception, and a fumble recovery.
legion field is a large stadium in birmingham, alabama, united states, primarily designed to be used as a venue for american football, but is occasionally used for other large outdoor events.	legion field is a stadium in birmingham, alabama, united states, primarily designed to be used as a venue for american football, but is occasionally used for other large outdoor events.
in this case, generating deliberate (and sometimes gross , in the case of electric guitars) audible distortion is usually a specific goal.	in this case, generating deliberate (and sometimes considerable , in the case of electric guitars) audible distortion is usually a specific goal.
"in may 2017 cohen attacked the american center-left media, stating that ""assault on president trump from ""fourth branch of government"" is designed to undermine the u.s.russia alliance against terrorism""."	"in may 2017 cohen criticized the american center-left media, stating that ""assault on president trump from ""fourth branch of government"" is designed to undermine the u.s.russia alliance against terrorism""."
"on commercial personal computers the desktop metaphor was popularized among technical users by the original macintosh from apple in 1984, and among the general population by windows 95 from microsoft in 1995. the most popular desktop environments are descendants of these earlier environments, including the aero environment used in windows 7 and 8, and the aqua environment used in os x. when compared with the x-based desktop environments available for unix-like operating systems such as gnu/ linux and freebsd, the proprietary desktop environments included with these operating systems are relatively fixed and unalterable, with highly integrated ""seamless"" designs that aim to provide mostly consistent customer experiences across installations."	"on commercial personal computers the desktop metaphor was popularized among technical users by the original macintosh from apple in 1984, and among the general population by windows 95 from microsoft in 1995. the most popular desktop environments are descendants of these earlier environments, including the aero environment used in windows 7 and 8, and the aqua environment used in os x. when compared with the x-based desktop environments available for unix-like operating systems such as linux and freebsd, the proprietary desktop environments included with these operating systems are relatively fixed and unalterable, with highly integrated ""seamless"" designs that aim to provide mostly consistent customer experiences across installations."
development and success of the oculus rift	development and growth of the oculus rift
the incidence of a disease is the rate at which new cases occur in a population during a specified interval.	the incidence of a condition is the rate at which new cases occur in a population during a specified interval.
the lake is popular among travellers for its beautiful scenery and the clarity of its reflection in the water, whose color ranges from a dark green to azure and light blue.	the lake is popular among travellers for its scenery and the clarity of its reflection in the water, whose color ranges from a dark green to azure and light blue.
"some observers have described it as a ""reactionary group of hindu fanatics with fascist tendencies."""	"some critics have described it as a ""reactionary group of hindu fanatics with fascist tendencies."""
it failed critically and commercially in north america; reviewers claimed it was a lesser effort than rosemary's baby (1968), polanski's best supernatural film.	it failed critically and commercially in north america; reviewers claimed it was a lesser effort than rosemary's baby (1968), polanski's most well known supernatural film.
to the north is the new strand shopping centre, which gained notoriety after the abduction and gruesome murder of two-year-old james bulger in 1993.	to the north is the new strand shopping centre, which gained notoriety after the abduction and murder of two-year-old james bulger in 1993.
sociobiology is a field of biology that attempts to examine and explain social behavior in terms of evolution.	sociobiology is a field of biology that aims to examine and explain social behavior in terms of evolution.
it was originally created at a small company in austria, 1948. hi-c only contains 10% fruit juice.	it was originally created at a small company in austria, 1948. hi-c contains 10% fruit juice.
astral projection (or astral travel) is the controversial interpretation of out-of-body experiences achieved either consciously or via lucid dreaming, deep meditation, or use of disassociatives, like dxm, lsd, psilocybin or 5-meo-dmt.	astral projection (or astral travel) is the interpretation of out-of-body experiences achieved either consciously or via lucid dreaming, deep meditation, or use of disassociatives, like dxm, lsd, psilocybin or 5-meo-dmt.
the south moluccan contra-revolutionaries initially clung on to an early post-colonial treaty prescribing a federal form of statehood.	the south moluccan rebels initially clung on to an early post-colonial treaty prescribing a federal form of statehood.
august 20 – phyllis diller, comedienne and actress (b.	august 20 – phyllis diller, comedian and actress (b.
detective investigation files is a popular tv series in hong kong about detectives, produced by tvb.	detective investigation files is a tv series in hong kong about detectives, produced by tvb.
"while such notions of unidirectional ""progress"" are not really supported by ideas of evolution, the 1859 publication of darwin's origin of species gave his work more popular acclaim, as did the fact that his work served to justify many of the hard-to-justify political causes of the day, especially british imperialism."	"while such notions of unidirectional ""progress"" are not really supported by ideas of evolution, the 1859 publication of darwin's origin of species gave his work more popular acclaim, as did the fact that his work served to justify many of the political causes of the day, especially british imperialism."
this remarkable public space sits astride a sandy ridge, running from hampstead to highgate, which rests on a band of london clay.	this grassy public space sits astride a sandy ridge, running from hampstead to highgate, which rests on a band of london clay.
eros has done duets with several prestigious artists such as andrea bocelli, joe cocker, tina turner, cher, anastacia, luciano pavarotti, and laura pausini.	eros has done duets with several well-known artists such as andrea bocelli, joe cocker, tina turner, cher, anastacia, luciano pavarotti, and laura pausini.
rufa mae quinto (often misspelled ruffa mae quinto) (born may 28, 1978) is an actress, comedienne , television host and occasional singer of dual american and filipino citizenship.	rufa mae quinto (often misspelled ruffa mae quinto) (born may 28, 1978) is an actress, comedian , television host and occasional singer of dual american and filipino citizenship.
eliezer ben-yehuda while working on his dictionary.	eliezer ben-yehuda while working on the hebrew dictionary.
for example, the a300 made the most extensive use of composite materials yet seen in an aircraft of that era, and by automating the flight engineer's functions, was the first widebody jet to have a two- man flight crew.	for example, the a300 made the most extensive use of composite materials yet seen in an aircraft of that era, and by automating the flight engineer's functions, was the first widebody jet to have a two- person flight crew.
it is subdivided into afghan turkestan and russian turkestan in the west, and xinjiang (previously east turkestan) in the east.	it is subdivided into afghan turkestan and russian turkestan in the west, and xinjiang (previously chinese turkestan) in the east.
staggering the release of each movie between the various release formats has been a cash cow for many years, and it might not be easy to dislodge that antiquated model because it is also very lucrative.	staggering the release of each movie between the various release formats has been a cash cow for many years, and it might not be easy to dislodge that model because it is also very lucrative.
in the united states, several studies since 1987 have shown that one in four college women have experienced rape or attempted rape at some point in their lifetime.	in the united states, several studies since 1987 have indicated that one in four college women have experienced rape or attempted rape at some point in their lifetime.
"apart from these new-agey interpretations, ""many worlds""-like interpretations are now considered fairly mainstream within the quantum physics community."	"apart from these new-age interpretations, ""many worlds""-like interpretations are now considered fairly mainstream within the quantum physics community."
still, the nazi propaganda minister goebbels paid feuchtwanger the dubious compliment of having his book jud s made into a film in 1940 - of course, with an outrageous anti-semitic slant added, which did not appear in the original.	still, the nazi propaganda minister goebbels paid feuchtwanger the dubious compliment of having his book jud s made into a film in 1940 - of course, with an anti-semitic slant added, which did not appear in the original.
while rold considers virgil hill's defeat of henry maske as the beginning of the next line of succession, as does cyber boxing zone , ring magazine and hbo spuriously trace the title through roy jones.	while rold considers virgil hill's defeat of henry maske as the beginning of the next line of succession, as does cyber boxing zone , ring magazine and hbo trace the title through roy jones.
they were later shot and murdered by the ira.	they were later shot and killed by the ira.
the weight of chains is a 2010 canadian documentary film directed by boris malagurski which presents a theory about the role that the united states, nato and the european union allegedly played in the breakup of yugoslavia.	the weight of chains is a 2010 canadian documentary film directed by boris malagurski which presents a theory about the role that the united states, nato and the european union played in the breakup of yugoslavia.
unlike the g8 (formerly known as g7), where the common denominator is the economy and long term political motives, the g4's primary aim is the coveted permanent member seats on the un security council.	unlike the g8 (formerly known as g7), where the common denominator is the economy and long term political motives, the g4's primary aim is the permanent member seats on the un security council.
this specific effect was dumped after the move to court tv.	this specific effect was discarded after the move to court tv.
sadly this made the species vulnerable to predation by black rats (rattus rattus), which were accidentally introduced in 1918 following the grounding of the steamship ss makambo on the island.	this made the species vulnerable to predation by black rats (rattus rattus), which were accidentally introduced in 1918 following the grounding of the steamship ss makambo on the island.
aglow is concerned with every aspect of womens lives, and this is reflected in a remarkable diversity of ministry programs.	aglow is concerned with every aspect of womens lives, and this is reflected in a diversity of ministry programs.
in september 2007, omeish resigned as a commission memberas requested by kainethree hours after incendiary remarks omeish made were brought to kaine's attention on a radio call-in show on wrva radio in richmond.	in september 2007, omeish resigned as a commission memberas requested by kainethree hours after remarks omeish made were brought to kaine's attention on a radio call-in show on wrva radio in richmond.
vaughan coveny (born 13 december, 1971 in wellington, new zealand) is a successful football player, who frequently represented his country from the 1992 onwards.	vaughan coveny (born 13 december, 1971 in wellington, new zealand) is a football player, who frequently represented his country from the 1992 onwards.
the wild gallaic celts make their entry in written history in the first-century epic punica of silius italicus on the first punic war:	the gallaic celts make their entry in written history in the first-century epic punica of silius italicus on the first punic war:
some writers such as courtois go beyond attributing the estimated hundreds of millions of deaths and other large-scale human rights abuses during the 20th century merely to the communist regimes associated with these atrocities; rather, these authors present the events occurring in these countries, particularly under stalin, mao, and pol pot, as an argument against marxism itself.	some writers such as courtois go beyond attributing the estimated tens of millions of deaths and other large-scale human rights abuses during the 20th century merely to the communist regimes associated with these atrocities; rather, these authors present the events occurring in these countries, particularly under stalin, mao, and pol pot, as an argument against marxism itself.
this route is different from the safer mic free route used elsewhere, in which the same raw materials are used in a different manufacturing order, with phosgene first reacted with the naphthol to form a chloroformate ester which is then reacted with methyl amine.	this route is different from the mic free route used elsewhere, in which the same raw materials are used in a different manufacturing order, with phosgene first reacted with the naphthol to form a chloroformate ester which is then reacted with methyl amine.
a former researcher at the european organization for nuclear research (cern) (19811982) and the stanford linear accelerator center (slac) (19821983), during which time he made substantial contributions to unified field theory.	a former researcher at the european organization for nuclear research (cern) (19811982) and the stanford linear accelerator center (slac) (19821983), during which time he made contributions to unified field theory.
contrasting with the primarily lodge-based perisher blue thredbo is a vibrant town with lodges, shopping and nightlife.	contrasting with the primarily lodge-based perisher blue thredbo is a town with lodges, shopping and nightlife.
following the shock defeat of the liberal party at the 1999 election, kennett resigned as liberal leader, and napthine was a surprise choice to take his place.	following the defeat of the liberal party at the 1999 election, kennett resigned as liberal leader, and napthine was a surprise choice to take his place.
her emphasis on supporting democratic governments faced challenges as hamas captured a popular majority in palestine yet supported islamist terror, and influential countries including saudi arabia and egypt maintained non-democratic systems with u.s. support.	her emphasis on supporting democratically elected governments faced challenges as hamas captured a popular majority in palestine yet supported islamist terror, and influential countries including saudi arabia and egypt maintained non-democratic systems with u.s. support.
david irving sued her and her publishers, penguin books, for libel in a british court, after she described his scholarship as holocaust denial.	david irving sued her and her publishers, penguin books, for libel in a british court, after she described his efforts as holocaust denial.
"activistcash.com, an internet site operated by a group called the center for consumer freedomwhich the cmd describes as ""a front group for the restaurant, alcohol and tobacco industries"" presents the center for media & democracy, the sponsor of sourcewatch, as ""a counterculture public relations effort disguised as an independent media organization... it is essentially a two-person operation"" run by sheldon rampton and john stauber."	"activistcash.com, an internet site operated by a group called the center for consumer freedomwhich the cmd describes as ""a front group for the restaurant, alcohol and tobacco industries"" describes the center for media & democracy, the sponsor of sourcewatch, as ""a counterculture public relations effort disguised as an independent media organization... it is essentially a two-person operation"" run by sheldon rampton and john stauber."
in recent years, there have been a number of proposals to dam the salween river in china, prompting environmental concerns and fierce opposition.	in recent years, there have been a number of proposals to dam the salween river in china, prompting environmental concerns and wide opposition.
macclesfield's cycling club macclesfield wheelers is a thriving local club specialising in all forms of cycling activities - from pleasure riding to racing.	macclesfield's cycling club macclesfield wheelers is a local club specialising in all forms of cycling activities - from pleasure riding to racing.
the hard sciences usually rely on experimental, empirical, quantifiable data or the scientific method and focus on accuracy and objectivity.	the hard sciences are believed to rely on experimental, empirical, quantifiable data or the scientific method and focus on accuracy and objectivity.
the bsa team riders amazingly took first, second, third, fourth, and fifth places with two more riders finishing at 8th and 16th.	the bsa team riders took first, second, third, fourth, and fifth places with two more riders finishing at 8th and 16th.
the exact meaning, timing and impact of the event are disputed among believers and the term is used in at least two senses.	the exact meaning, timing and impact of the event are disputed among christians and the term is used in at least two senses.
except for the bretons (if discounting norman & channel islander connections), all groups mentioned have been subject to ruthless anglicisation since the early modern period, and hence are also described as participating in an anglo-celtic macro-culture.	except for the bretons (if discounting norman & channel islander connections), all groups mentioned have been subject to strong anglicisation since the early modern period, and hence are also described as participating in an anglo-celtic macro-culture.
except for a few sporadic incidents, homosexuality or same-sex marriages are almost never discussed in public though the situation has improved significantly.	except for a few sporadic incidents, homosexuality or same-sex marriages are almost never discussed in public though the situation has changed significantly.
as the 2008 economic crisis unfolded, the wall street journal stated that predictions by aei scholars about the involvement of housing gses had come true.	as the 2008 economic crisis unfolded, the wall street journal stated that predictions by aei staff about the involvement of housing gses had come true.
in a statement before his martyrdom , rev.	in a statement before his execution , rev.
federline performing odd hand movements while listening to popozo	federline performing hand movements while listening to popozo
two dollar bills are also appropriately given as change at the gift shop of monticello, thomas jefferson's virginia estate, and poplar forest, jefferson's rural virginia retreat.	two dollar bills are also given as change at the gift shop of monticello, thomas jefferson's virginia estate, and poplar forest, jefferson's rural virginia retreat.
the bombing of guernica was the most infamous atrocity carried out by the condor legion during this period.	the bombing of guernica was the most infamous operation carried out by the condor legion during this period.
"today the the new york times is probably the most prominent american left-leaning daily newspaper, sometimes being referred to as america's ""newspaper of record""."	"today the the new york times is probably the most prominent american daily newspaper, sometimes being referred to as america's ""newspaper of record""."
the student has said he was on the opposing side of a railing and photographic evidence has proven this to be the case, with one photo clearly showing the minister assaulting the student.	the student has said he was on the opposing side of a railing and photographic evidence has proven this to be the case, with one photo clearly showing the minister grappling the student.
he was a translator of psalms and catechetical texts, propagandist of post-tridentine catholicism, and a poet.	he was a translator of psalms and catechetical texts, promoter of post-tridentine catholicism, and a poet.
it has often been accused by critics as being an avenue for recruitment into the controversial church of scientology.	it has often been accused by critics as being an avenue for recruitment into the church of scientology.
the decision of the uk to fight alongside the united states and a number of forces in smaller numbers from around the world (a majority of un member governments opposed the war but a large minority supported it) in the 2003 invasion of iraq succeeded in removing saddam hussein and the ruthless ba'athist regime in iraq.	the decision of the uk to fight alongside the united states and a number of forces in smaller numbers from around the world (a majority of un member governments opposed the war but a large minority supported it) in the 2003 invasion of iraq succeeded in removing saddam hussein and the ba'athist regime in iraq.
lott's data comes from the fbi's massive crime statistics from all 3,054 us counties.	lott's data comes from the fbi's crime statistics from all 3,054 us counties.
the algorithm designer might have selected that starting point because it created a secret weakness he could later exploit.	the algorithm designer might have selected that starting point because it created a secret weakness the designer could later exploit.
garbage pail kids is a series of humorous trading cards produced by the topps company, originally released in 1985 and designed to parody the cabbage patch kids dolls created by xavier roberts, which were immensely popular at the time.	garbage pail kids is a series of trading cards produced by the topps company, originally released in 1985 and designed to parody the cabbage patch kids dolls created by xavier roberts, which were immensely popular at the time.
he was born in 1931 in muzaffarpur district in bihar in a bhumihar brahmin family.	he was born in 1931 in muzaffarpur district in bihar in a bhumihar family.
these fluctuations also characterized her own personality and personal life, worsened by bipolar disorder with which she was diagnosed in the mid-1960s, but was kept secret until after her death in 2003.	these fluctuations also characterized her own personality and personal life, amplified by bipolar disorder with which she was diagnosed in the mid-1960s, but was kept secret until after her death in 2003.
on may 11, 2015, cbs renewed the show for an eleventh season that premiered on september 30, 2015. the show's success spawned two spin-offs: criminal minds: suspect behavior (2011) and criminal minds: beyond borders (2016).	on may 11, 2015, cbs renewed the show for an eleventh season that premiered on september 30, 2015. the show's spawned two spin-offs: criminal minds: suspect behavior (2011) and criminal minds: beyond borders (2016).
even hannah arendt and iring fetscher were favourably impressed by his work.	the thinkers hannah arendt and iring fetscher were favourably impressed by his work.
mahuika crater is a disputed submarine bolide impact crater, 20 2 kilometers wide and over 153 meters deep, on the new zealand continental shelf at , named the mori god of fire.	mahuika crater is a proposed submarine bolide impact crater, 20 2 kilometers wide and over 153 meters deep, on the new zealand continental shelf at , named the mori god of fire.
"art rock may be considered ""arty"" through imitation of classical ""art"" music or literature, or simply through eclecticism."	"art rock may be considered ""arty"" through incorporating some elements of classical ""art"" music or literature, or simply through eclecticism."
it is a colorless gas with the characteristic foul odor of rotten eggs.	it is a colorless gas with the characteristic odor of rotten eggs.
it also features beautiful keyboard flourishes amid a rich and focused arrangement.	it also features keyboard flourishes amid a rich and focused arrangement.
tiffin school is a leading selective boys' grammar school in kingston upon thames, southwest london, england, with specialist performing arts college status.	tiffin school is a selective boys' grammar school in kingston upon thames, southwest london, england, with specialist performing arts college status.
he is also one of the best-selling music artists in the united states with 40 million albums sold as well as only the fifth black artist to crack the top 50 of the same list.	he is also one of the best-selling music artists in the united states with 40 million albums sold as well as only the fifth black artist to enter the top 50 of the same list.
after a decade of quick growth, aol acquired media giant time warner in 2001,creating one of the world's largest media, entertainment and communications companies.	after a decade of quick growth, aol merged with media giant time warner in 2001,creating one of the world's largest media, entertainment and communications companies.
moldova has a climate which is moderately continental; its proximity to the black sea leads to the climate being mildly cold in the fall and winter and relatively cool in the spring and summer.	moldova has a climate which is moderately continental; its proximity to the black sea leads to the climate being mildly cold in the autumn and winter and relatively cool in the spring and summer.
she wrote a controversial comment feature for the guardian in 2004 about her encounters with usa-hatred in britain.	she wrote a comment feature for the guardian in 2004 about her encounters with usa-hatred in britain.
seek the truth - a critical look at william branham and his ministry	seek the truth - a harshly negative look at william branham and his ministry
during the 30th minute of the game he made a cowardly charge at cronulla forward keith galloway with his elbow in a cocked position jumping and striking galloway in the head immediately knocking him unconscious, leaving him on the field with a laceration to and bleeding from his ear.	during the 30th minute of the game he made a charge at cronulla forward keith galloway with his elbow in a cocked position jumping and striking galloway in the head immediately knocking him unconscious, leaving him on the field with a laceration to and bleeding from his ear.
due to its highly ambiguous content and powerful narrative technique, the turn of the screw became a favorite text of new criticism.	due to its possibly ambiguous content and powerful narrative technique, the turn of the screw became a favorite text of new criticism.
yaya brittany - the character is played by veteran comedienne tia pusit.	yaya brittany - the character is played by veteran comedian tia pusit.
sybase inc. is a pioneering software company specializing in relational database management systems and database-related products.	sybase inc. is a software company specializing in relational database management systems and database-related products.
the kentucky theater is a theater and performing arts center located in the so-called theatre district of downtown louisville, kentucky.	the kentucky theater is a theater and performing arts center located in the theatre district of downtown louisville, kentucky.
persia civil dispute and allied campaign against ottomans	iran civil dispute and allied campaign against ottomans
alastair scott johnston and laurie wyman tried to stop this folly but were overruled, hence the arrival of the tv lark.	alastair scott johnston and laurie wyman tried to stop this but were overruled, hence the arrival of the tv lark.
the resulting monster became nissan's official rally car in the world rally championship from 1983 to 1985, and finished 2nd in the 1983 new zealand rally.	the resulting machine became nissan's official rally car in the world rally championship from 1983 to 1985, and finished 2nd in the 1983 new zealand rally.
"prepared in february 2011, a citigroup report prepared by analysts willem buiter (chief economist) and ebrahim rahbari noted that brics (bric plus south africa) countries have ""outlived their usefulness""."	"prepared in february 2011, a citigroup report prepared by analysts willem buiter (chief economist) and ebrahim rahbari claimed that brics (bric plus south africa) countries have ""outlived their usefulness""."
the mismeasure of man (1981) is a controversial book written by the harvard paleontologist stephen jay gould (1941-2002).	the mismeasure of man (1981) is a book written by the harvard paleontologist stephen jay gould (1941-2002).
it is coterminous with the province of madrid, and contains the city of madrid, which is the capital of the community, the province, and the nation .	it is coterminous with the province of madrid, and contains the city of madrid, which is the capital of the community, the province, and the country .
from the lookout along the lookout trail, you can view a magnificent panorama of the canadian shield, and can spot the final location of the ss edmund fitzgerald, which sank in a fierce november storm in 1975.	from the lookout along the lookout trail, you can view a panorama of the canadian shield, and can spot the final location of the ss edmund fitzgerald, which sank in a fierce november storm in 1975.
homophobia was dealt with from the very first season, a daring move for american network television in the 1980s.	homophobia was dealt with from the very first season, a rare move for american network television in the 1980s.
great tracts of land were stolen from the church and divided among the monarchy and its supporters.	great tracts of land were seized from the church and divided among the monarchy and its supporters.
energy in spirituality, refers to a widespread belief in an inter- or intra-personal forces, for which no empirical evidence has yet been found.	energy in spirituality, refers to a widespread belief in an inter- or intra-personal forces, for which no empirical evidence has been found.
the king david hotel bombing was an attack carried out on july 22, 1946 by the militant right-wing zionist underground organization the irgun on the british administrative headquarters for palestine, which was housed in the king david hotel in jerusalem.	the king david hotel bombing was an attack carried out on july 22, 1946 by the right-wing zionist underground organization the irgun on the british administrative headquarters for palestine, which was housed in the king david hotel in jerusalem.
christianity grew gradually in rome and the roman empire over the 1st to 4th centuries, until it became the official state religion with the theodosian decrees of 389-391. hellenistic pagan traditions survived in some pockets of greece into the 9th century.	christianity grew gradually in rome and the roman empire over the 1st to 4th centuries, until it became the official state religion with the theodosian decrees of 389-391. hellenistic polytheistic traditions survived in some pockets of greece into the 9th century.
the game also featured the infamous brawl between yankee superstar alex rodriguez and red sox mediocre catcher and captain jason varitek.	the game also featured the infamous brawl between yankee superstar alex rodriguez and red sox catcher and captain jason varitek.
several people spoke out against the change from the traditional union flag scheme, including the former prime minister margaret thatcher who famously covered the tail of a model ba plane with a white hankerchief captured by bbc news cameras.	several people spoke out against the change from the traditional union flag scheme, including the former prime minister margaret thatcher who covered the tail of a model ba plane with a white hankerchief captured by bbc news cameras.
"the 17 pounder, self-propelled, achilles was a british variant of the american m10 tank destroyer armed with the powerful british ordnance qf 17 pounder anti-tank gun in place of the standard 3"" (76.2 mm) gun m7."	"the 17 pounder, self-propelled, achilles was a british variant of the american m10 tank destroyer armed with the british ordnance qf 17 pounder anti-tank gun in place of the standard 3"" (76.2 mm) gun m7."
thompson toured with the play throughout the united states, debuted with it on broadway in 1904, and returned as a revival in 1907. in 1915, after his passing , it was made into a motion picture of the same name by the famous players film company.	thompson toured with the play throughout the united states, debuted with it on broadway in 1904, and returned as a revival in 1907. in 1915, after his death , it was made into a motion picture of the same name by the famous players film company.
typically a mail relay should be configured to accept and forward only the following messages	typically a secured relay should be configured to accept and forward only the following messages
the town lies in the malnad region on the magnificent hills of the biodiversity hotspot, the western ghats.	the town lies in the malnad region on the hills of the biodiversity hotspot, the western ghats.
she is part of the federalism revolution and approaches each case as narrowly as possible, avoiding generalizations which might later “paint her into a corner” for future cases.	she is part of the federalism movement and approaches each case as narrowly as possible, avoiding generalizations which might later “paint her into a corner” for future cases.
"pro-choice activists frequently oppose legislative measures such as ""informed consent"" or ""right to know"" laws, which impede a woman's choice."	"pro-choice activists frequently oppose legislative measures such as ""informed consent"" or ""right to know"" laws, because they say these impede a woman's choice."
because of this, kierkegaard's work is sometimes characterized as christian existentialism (as opposed to the strongly atheistic philosophies of nietzsche or sartre).	because of this, kierkegaard's work is sometimes characterized as christian existentialism (as opposed to the strongly atheistic existentialism of nietzsche or sartre).
the great humanitarian (referring to his work in aiding the people of germany after world war i. they were enduring great hardship because of the damage done to their economy by the vengeful terms of the treaty of versailles)	the great humanitarian (referring to his work in aiding the people of germany after world war i. they were enduring great hardship because of the damage done to their economy by the terms of the treaty of versailles)
the palestinians say the assault is aimed at toppling the democratically elected hamas-led government and at destabilizing the palestinian national authority, citing the targeting of civilian infrastructure such as a power station and the arrests of government and parliament members.	the palestinians say the assault is aimed at toppling the democratically elected hamas-led government and at destabilizing the palestinian national authority, citing the targeting of civilian infrastructure such as a power station and the captures of government and parliament members.
in 2013 the first class (consisting of seven people ) of the newly created cornell nyc tech school began classes in the building in space donated by google.	in 2013 the first class (consisting of seven men ) of the newly created cornell nyc tech school began classes in the building in space donated by google.
milstein also expressed his generally right-wing , strongly anti-communist and anti-soviet political beliefs.	milstein also expressed his generally conservative , strongly anti-communist and anti-soviet political beliefs.
songzi niangniang is the goddess of fertility , like yanguang nainai, she is often portrayed as an attendant to bixia yuanjun.	songzi niangniang is seen as a goddess of fertility , like yanguang nainai, she is often portrayed as an attendant to bixia yuanjun.
this led florida state player sam cassell to say that the dean dome is not a raucous duke kind of crowd.	this led florida state player sam cassell to say that the dean dome is not a duke kind of crowd.
19 august mary-anne fahey, actress and comedienne	19 august mary-anne fahey, actress and comedian
the player controls a human astronaut and member of oesi (the organization of earth's special intelligences), who was sent on a single- man space exploration mission.	the player controls a human astronaut and member of oesi (the organization of earth's special intelligences), who was sent on a single- person space exploration mission.
norwood russel hanson (1922 – 1967) was a philosopher who created the book patterns of discovery (1958) who successfully argued that what we see and perceive is not what our senses receive, but instead filtered sensory information, where the filter is our existing preconceptions.	norwood russel hanson (1922 – 1967) was a philosopher who created the book patterns of discovery (1958) who argued that what we see and perceive is not what our senses receive, but instead filtered sensory information, where the filter is our existing preconceptions.
the ctoe - centro de tropas de operaes especiais (special operations troops centre), based in lamego, is a unit of the portuguese army with the mission of instructing troops in unconventional warfare and counter-terrorism.	the ctoe - centro de tropas de operaes especiais (special operations troops centre), based in lamego, is an elite special forces unit of the portuguese army with the mission of instructing troops in unconventional warfare and counter-terrorism.
bbc worldwide ltd. is the wholly owned commercial subsidiary of the bbc, formed out of a restructuring of its predecessor bbc enterprises in 1995. the company exploits bbc brands, sells bbc and other british programming for broadcast abroad with the aim of supplementing the income received by the bbc through the licence fee.	bbc worldwide ltd. is the wholly owned commercial subsidiary of the bbc, formed out of a restructuring of its predecessor bbc enterprises in 1995. the company monetizes bbc brands, sells bbc and other british programming for broadcast abroad with the aim of supplementing the income received by the bbc through the licence fee.
hate speech is a controversial term for speech intended to degrade, intimidate, or incite violence or prejudicial action against a person or group of people based on their race, gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, language ability, moral or political views, socioeconomic class, occupation or appearance (such as height, weight, and hair color), mental capacity and any other distinction-liability.	hate speech is a term for speech intended to degrade, intimidate, or incite violence or prejudicial action against a person or group of people based on their race, gender, age, ethnicity, nationality, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, language ability, moral or political views, socioeconomic class, occupation or appearance (such as height, weight, and hair color), mental capacity and any other distinction-liability.
taj mahal palace after islamist attack november 26.	taj mahal palace after terrorist attack november 26.
bah' scriptures claim that although krishna was the prophet- founder of the hindu faith, the religion today no longer has the original teachings.	bah' scriptures claim that although krishna was the founder of the hindu faith, the religion today no longer has the original teachings.
it was forgotten because a few of the ideas were deeply mistaken, because some of its mathematical methods were alien, and because quantum chromodynamics supplanted it as an approach to the strong interactions.	it was forgotten because a few of the ideas were mistaken , because some of its mathematical methods were alien, and because quantum chromodynamics supplanted it as an approach to the strong interactions.
stephen king's creepshow is a classic 1982 anthology horror movie directed by george a. romero (of night of the living dead and dawn of the dead fame), and written by stephen king (the shining, misery, the stand).	stephen king's creepshow is a 1982 anthology horror movie directed by george a. romero (of night of the living dead and dawn of the dead fame), and written by stephen king (the shining, misery, the stand).
"trilobites (, ; meaning ""three lobes"") are a well-known fossil group of extinct marine arthropods that form the class trilobita."	"trilobites (, ; meaning ""three lobes"") are a fossil group of extinct marine arthropods that form the class trilobita."
harold wilson -- the subject of a gushing campaign biography by foot published by robert maxwell's pergamon press in 1964 -- offered foot a place in his first government, but foot turned it down.	harold wilson -- the subject of a fulsome campaign biography by foot published by robert maxwell's pergamon press in 1964 -- offered foot a place in his first government, but foot turned it down.
unfortunately , depor lost to eventual champion fc porto of portugal in the semifinals on a 0-1 aggregate score.	however , depor lost to eventual champion fc porto of portugal in the semifinals on a 0-1 aggregate score.
caid was founded in 1978 by a visionary group of detroit area artists, including charles mcgee and jean heilbrunn.	caid was founded in 1978 by a group of detroit area artists, including charles mcgee and jean heilbrunn.
he is a native texan of mexican descent, the older brother of late- tejano singer selena.	he is a native texan of mexican descent, the older brother of tejano singer selena.
"jerrica adopts this persona with the help of a holographic computer, known as synergy, which was built by jerrica's father to be ""the ultimate audio-visual entertainment synthesizer"" and is bequeathed to her after his passing ."	"jerrica adopts this persona with the help of a holographic computer, known as synergy, which was built by jerrica's father to be ""the ultimate audio-visual entertainment synthesizer"" and is bequeathed to her after his death ."
steven jones, professor of physics at brigham young university, noted cold fusion researcher and 9/11 conspiracy researcher.	steven jones, professor of physics at brigham young university, noted cold fusion researcher and 9/11 researcher.
persistent lack of clarity in his writings has been a source of criticisms coming from several sides, including from former associates, in recent years.	a perceived lack of clarity in his writings has been a source of criticisms coming from several sides, including from former associates, in recent years.
another performance from o'toole, which gained him a nomination for best actor, was 1982's my favorite year, a light romantic comedy about the behind-the-scenes at a 1950s tv variety-comedy show, much like your show of shows, in which o'toole masterfully plays an aging swashbuckling film star strongly reminiscent (intentionally) of errol flynn.	another performance from o'toole, which gained him a nomination for best actor, was 1982's my favorite year, a light romantic comedy about the behind-the-scenes at a 1950s tv variety-comedy show, much like your show of shows, in which o'toole plays an aging swashbuckling film star strongly reminiscent (intentionally) of errol flynn.
while it saw jordan remain one of the more liberal states of the middle east, it was also marked by the events of black september when the king ordered the violent expulsion of the plo terrorists from the country.	while it saw jordan remain one of the more liberal states of the middle east, it was also marked by the events of black september when the king ordered the violent expulsion of the plo from the country.
a native of vibo valentia, calabria, parisi began his professional career in 1989 and won the vacant wbo lightweight title by defeating javier altamirano in 1992. he later defeated former champion freddie pendleton and in 1995 challenged mexican legend julio csar chvez for the wbc light welterweight title, losing a unanimous decision.	a native of vibo valentia, calabria, parisi began his professional career in 1989 and won the vacant wbo lightweight title by defeating javier altamirano in 1992. he later defeated former champion freddie pendleton and in 1995 challenged mexican julio csar chvez for the wbc light welterweight title, losing a unanimous decision.
last legal female circumcision in the united states.	last legal female genital cutting in the united states.
2008 continental airlines announces its intention to defect to star alliance.	2008 continental airlines announces its intention to move to star alliance.
kahn has founded four successful software companies: borland, starfish software (acquired by motorola in 1998), lightsurf technologies, and recently fullpower technologies, founded in 2003.	kahn has founded four software companies: borland, starfish software (acquired by motorola in 1998), lightsurf technologies, and recently fullpower technologies, founded in 2003.
proposed theocratic political and social order	proposed political and social order
during the fight, baldomir chased mayweather sluggishly , unable to land any meaningful shots but trying to remain the busier fighter, while mayweather picked away with sharp jabs and hooks, even managing to cut baldomir over his left eye in the first round.	during the fight, baldomir chased mayweather, unable to land any meaningful shots but trying to remain the busier fighter, while mayweather picked away with sharp jabs and hooks, even managing to cut baldomir over his left eye in the first round.
a mysterious lone stranger nicknamed harmonica arrives on the same train and is ironically looking for frank, the man who killed jill's family.	a mysterious lone stranger nicknamed harmonica arrives on the same train and is looking for frank, the man who killed jill's family.
(a partial solution to the magazine problem was the later introduction of a single column magazine which reduced the capacity from 20 to just 12 rounds.)	(a partial solution to the magazine problem was the later introduction of a single column magazine which reduced the capacity from 20 to 12 rounds.)
ironically, most such cafes would be prosecuted in the west, not by the government, but by copyright holders, because they maintain extensive caches of pirated software and mp3s.	ironically, most such cafes would be prosecuted in the west, not by the government, but by copyright holders, because they maintain extensive caches of illegally coppied software and mp3s.
on march 16, 1988 mickey thompson and his wife were murdered by two hooded gunmen at their home in bradbury, california in the foothills of the san gabriel mountains .	on march 16, 1988 mickey thompson and his wife were killed by two hooded gunmen at their home in bradbury, california in the foothills of the san gabriel mountains .
unfortunately its definition differs in the two systems.	however, its definition differs in the two systems.
the british army's land rovers have been the subject of much criticism following recent operations in iraq and afghanistan.	the british army's land rovers have been the subject of criticism following recent operations in iraq and afghanistan.
the film, directed by scott stewart, is loosly based on the korean comic of the same name.	the film, directed by scott stewart, is based on the korean comic of the same name.
following the enormous success of the l word, executive producer ilene chaiken has teamed-up with magical elves (project runway, top chef, last comic standing) to bring you the sizzling, groundbreaking reality series, the real l word.	following the success of the l word, executive producer ilene chaiken has teamed-up with magical elves (project runway, top chef, last comic standing) to bring you the sizzling, groundbreaking reality series, the real l word.
a typical textbook-type example of an alternative interpretation to marx's is provided by lester thurow.	a textbook-type example of an alternative interpretation to marx's is provided by lester thurow.
progressive media organizations such as fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair) and media matters for america (mmfa), have criticized stossel's work, for what was perceived by those groups as a lack of balance of coverage and distortion of facts.	media organizations such as fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair) and media matters for america (mmfa), have criticized stossel's work, for what was perceived by those groups as a lack of balance of coverage and distortion of facts.
in many cases a search warrant is not required, such as where consent is given by a person in control of the object or property to be searched.	in certain cases a search warrant is not required, such as where consent is given by a person in control of the object or property to be searched.
including the post-1994 rover 100 series models, a total of just under 1,500,000 metros were sold in britain in less than 20 years, making it the seventh most popular car ever sold there .	including the post-1994 rover 100 series models, a total of just under 1,500,000 metros were sold in britain in less than 20 years, making it the seventh most popular car ever sold in the u.k .
at the time of her passing she also ranked third-oldest in western europe and 13th-oldest in the world.	at the time of her death she also ranked third-oldest in western europe and 13th-oldest in the world.
young earth creationists feel that scientific consensus has been wrong before.	young earth creationists argue that scientific consensus has been wrong before.
president gerald ford suspended mandatory draft registration in 1975, but president jimmy carter reinstated that requirement when the soviet union invaded afghanistan.	president gerald ford suspended mandatory draft registration in 1975, but president jimmy carter reinstated that requirement when the soviet union intervened in afghanistan.
the ukrainian insurgent army was a ukrainian terrorist organization formed at spring-summer 1943	the ukrainian insurgent army was a ukrainian military organization formed at spring-summer 1943
"in may 2010, the lgbt militants of kif-kif created the group menna w fena (""from us and for us""), an internal group of the kif-kif association which is dedicated specifically to lesbians, bisexuals, transsexuals or queer; and has as an objective to protect lgbt women in morocco and help them assert themselves among the lgbt community."	"in may 2010, the lgbt members of kif-kif created the group menna w fena (""from us and for us""), an internal group of the kif-kif association which is dedicated specifically to lesbians, bisexuals, transsexuals or queer; and has as an objective to protect lgbt women in morocco and help them assert themselves among the lgbt community."
"a tragically prescient line was cut out of the film after the death of carole lombard: when lombard is invited by robert stack's smitten airman to fly a plane with him, she says: ""what can happen on a plane?"""	"a prescient line was cut out of the film after the death of carole lombard: when lombard is invited by robert stack's smitten airman to fly a plane with him, she says: ""what can happen on a plane?"""
then, by plotting with the rulers of austria and prussia, she incorporated the ukrainian and belarusian territories of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth during the partitions of poland, pushing the russian frontier westward into central europe.	then, by allying with the rulers of austria and prussia, she incorporated the ukrainian and belarusian territories of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth during the partitions of poland, pushing the russian frontier westward into central europe.
the impressive granite corinthian columns between the nave and the aisle came originally from the mosque of palermo, captured by the pisans in 1063.	the granite corinthian columns between the nave and the aisle came originally from the mosque of palermo, captured by the pisans in 1063.
jos ignacio de juana chaos (born 1955 in gipuzkoa, spain), better known as iaki de juana chaos, is a member of the basque terrorist group eta.	jos ignacio de juana chaos (born 1955 in gipuzkoa, spain), better known as iaki de juana chaos, is a member of the basque separatist group eta.
for example: he can display no images unless hovered over by the mouse (they stand out, thus making it more easily recognized as the web), or display plain grey text on a white background.	for example: the user can display no images unless hovered over by the mouse (they stand out, thus making it more easily recognized as the web), or display plain grey text on a white background.
islamic philosophy is a branch of islamic studies on the holy quran.	islamic philosophy is a branch of islamic studies on the quran.
nash averaged only 10.5 minutes a game in his rookie year.	nash averaged 10.5 minutes a game in his rookie year.
roger pratt bsc is a well-respected british cinematographer.	roger pratt bsc is a british cinematographer.
happy slapping is an evil fad in which an unsuspecting victim is attacked while an accomplice records the assault (commonly with a camera phone or a smartphone).	happy slapping is an fad in which an unsuspecting victim is attacked while an accomplice records the assault (commonly with a camera phone or a smartphone).
"in june 2011, bridgen attacked critics of andrew lansley's controversial proposed nhs reforms, claiming that they comprised ""stalinist protectionist elements""."	"in june 2011, bridgen attacked critics of andrew lansley's proposed nhs reforms, claiming that they comprised ""stalinist protectionist elements""."
handy flash animated ishihara color blindness test	flash animated ishihara color blindness test
nostradamus enthusiasts have credited him with predicting an amazing number of events in world history, including the french revolution, the atom bomb, the rise of adolf hitler, and the september 11 attacks on the world trade center.	nostradamus enthusiasts have credited him with predicting an large number of events in world history, including the french revolution, the atom bomb, the rise of adolf hitler, and the september 11 attacks on the world trade center.
sadly they lost 6-1 but the redhill team won great praise in the national press for a brave performance.	they lost 6-1 but the redhill team won great praise in the national press for a brave performance.
operation red dawn was a december 13, 2003, united states military operation in the small iraqi town of ad-dawr near tikrit that resulted in the capture of former iraqi dictator saddam hussein.	operation red dawn was a december 13, 2003, united states military operation in the small iraqi town of ad-dawr near tikrit that resulted in the capture of former iraqi president saddam hussein.
on 19 november 2005, us marine lance corporal miguel terrazas and a number of iraqis were killed in haditha after an alleged roadside bomb attack on soldiers from kilo company, 3rd battalion, 1st marines.	on 19 november 2005, us marine lance corporal miguel terrazas and a number of iraqis were killed in haditha after an roadside bomb attack on soldiers from kilo company, 3rd battalion, 1st marines.
a single-layered blu-ray disc boasts a maximum storage capacity of 25 gb, while a dual-layered disc holds up to 50 gb of data.	a single-layered blu-ray disc has a maximum storage capacity of 25 gb, while a dual-layered disc holds up to 50 gb of data.
furthermore, foreign powers, such as israel and syria, meddled in the war and fought alongside different factions.	furthermore, foreign powers, such as israel and syria, became involved in the war and fought alongside different factions.
john baugh claims that the term ebonics is used in four ways by its afrocentric proponents.	john baugh has stated that the term ebonics is used in four ways by its afrocentric proponents.
plans for this remake have since been mercifully shelved.	plans for this remake have since been shelved.
"in 2005, elfman appeared at the church of scientology's controversial ""psychiatry: an industry of death"" museum, which puts forth a conspiracy theory connecting adolf hitler to the psychiatric profession."	"in 2005, elfman appeared at the church of scientology's controversial ""psychiatry: an industry of death"" museum, which puts forth a theory connecting adolf hitler to the psychiatric profession."
he returned to his heritage as the irgun terrorist leader (and ari ben canaan's estranged uncle) in otto preminger's 1960 film exodus.	he returned to his heritage as the irgun leader (and ari ben canaan's estranged uncle) in otto preminger's 1960 film exodus.
trials, recantations, and martyrdom (15531556)	trials, recantations, and execution (15531556)
these assertions have found no acceptance from scholarly circles.	these assertions have found little acceptance from scholarly circles.
they became father confessors to a wide circle of silly fashionable people in the prussian capital.	they became father confessors to a wide circle of fashionable people in the prussian capital.
in 2006, the airline announced the surprise withdrawal of all its flights from durham tees valley airport.	in 2006, the airline announced the withdrawal of all its flights from durham tees valley airport.
in 2009 hooters partnered with operation homefront to establish the valentine fund in honor of fallen hero socs thomas j. valentine.	in 2009 hooters partnered with operation homefront to establish the valentine fund in honor of fallen soldier socs thomas j. valentine.
"later, during his trek across the great basin, he called the desert indigenes he came upon ""children of nature...unintelligent type of beings...they form a connecting link between the animal and intellectual creation..."" upon returning to california, even after suffering the mojave massacre, he continued to try to maintain good relations, punishing two of his men, albeit lightly, that had unnecessarily killed one native and wounded another."	"later, during his trek across the great basin, he said the desert indigenes he came upon ""children of nature...unintelligent type of beings...they form a connecting link between the animal and intellectual creation..."" upon returning to california, even after suffering the mojave massacre, he continued to try to maintain good relations, punishing two of his men, albeit lightly, that had unnecessarily killed one native and wounded another."
judy gold is a popular comedian and actress in the television series all american girl.	judy gold is a comedian and actress in the television series all american girl.
he is rated so highly in fact, that manchester city legend mike summerbee disgracefully likened him to duncan edwards.	he is rated so highly in fact, that manchester city legend mike summerbee likened him to duncan edwards.
the m48 patton served as an interim tank in u.s. service until replaced by the u.s. army's first main battle tank (mbt), the m60 patton .	the m48 patton served as an interim tank in u.s. service until replaced by the u.s. army's first main battle tank (mbt), the m60.
considered a brilliant but inhumane sociopath by the outside world, kane's followers as well as kane himself instead see him as a holy figure, even going so far as to refer to him as the messiah.	considered a brilliant but megalomaniacal sociopath by the outside world, kane's followers as well as kane himself instead see him as a holy figure, even going so far as to refer to him as the messiah.
compulsive hoarding (or pathological hoarding or disposophobia) is the selfish acquisition of possessions (and failure to use or discard them) in excess of socially normative amounts, even if the items are worthless, hazardous, or unsanitary.	compulsive hoarding (or pathological hoarding or disposophobia) is the acquisition of possessions (and failure to use or discard them) in excess of socially normative amounts, even if the items are worthless, hazardous, or unsanitary.
in the united states it sponsored educational conferences for evangelical and fundamentalist christian leaders as well as seminars and conferences for senate staffers, hispanic americans and conservative activists.	in the united states it sponsored educational conferences for evangelical and christian leaders as well as seminars and conferences for senate staffers, hispanic americans and conservative activists.
"( sadly , scorsese and dicaprio chose to do ""the aviator"" first, making way for oliver stone to produce his version of ""alexander"".)"	"( however , scorsese and dicaprio chose to do ""the aviator"" first, making way for oliver stone to produce his version of ""alexander"".)"
in 1979 white supremacist david duke left the ku klux klan and incorporated a new group taking the name of the defunct national association for the advancement of white people.	in 1979 white rights advocate david duke left the ku klux klan and incorporated a new group taking the name of the defunct national association for the advancement of white people.
through frster-nietzsche's editions, nietzsche's name became associated with german militarism and nazism, although later twentieth-century scholars have attempted to counteract this misconception of his ideas.	through frster-nietzsche's editions, nietzsche's name became associated with german militarism and nazism, although later twentieth-century scholars have attempted to counteract this conception of his ideas.
teala dunn (born december 8, 1996) is an american actress, voice actress, and comedienne .	teala dunn (born december 8, 1996) is an american actress, voice actress, and comedian .
osama bin laden (أسامة بن لادن) (born july 30?, 1957), full name sheikh usamah bin-muhammad bin-awad bin-ladin, is a wealthy saudi arabian-born islamist leader, and head of the al-qaeda terrorist organization.	osama bin laden (أسامة بن لادن) (born july 30?, 1957), full name sheikh usamah bin-muhammad bin-awad bin-ladin, is a wealthy saudi arabian-born islamist leader, and head of the al-qaeda organization.
the battle occurred as a part of the american colonists' invasion of quebec, which had begun in september 1775 with the goal of liberating the province from british rule.	the battle occurred as a part of the american colonists' invasion of quebec, which had begun in september 1775 with the goal of removing the province from british rule.
she also starred in the much underrated itv series wokenwell (1997) and appeared in a long-running series of tv commercials for kleenex improbably directed by mike leigh.	she also starred in the much underrated itv series wokenwell (1997) and appeared in a long-running series of tv commercials for kleenex directed by mike leigh.
the israeli cabinet has approved the addition of an ultra-nationalist party into the governing coalition.	the israeli cabinet has approved the addition of an yisrael beitenu party into the governing coalition.
"the underperforming rule of the pan, which was unable to pass reforms because it lacked a congressional majority, along with the idea that the pri ""knows how to govern"" and how to manage the drug cartels, was compelling enough for many voters to cast their vote for pea nieto."	"the rule of the pan, which was unable to pass reforms because it lacked a congressional majority, along with the idea that the pri ""knows how to govern"" and how to manage the drug cartels, was compelling enough for many voters to cast their vote for pea nieto."
the fainting game, also commonly known as the choking or the pass out game, is a loose term that covers dangerous activities designed to induce a partial or complete loss of consciousness brought about by the intentional deprivation of oxygen to the brain for a period of time.	the fainting game, also commonly known as the choking or the pass out game, is a loose term that covers activities designed to induce a partial or complete loss of consciousness brought about by the intentional deprivation of oxygen to the brain for a period of time.
a further 100 ghost detainees kidnapped on european territory and rendered to other countries must be counted, according to swiss senator dick marty's january 2006's report.	a further 100 ghost detainees taken prisoner on european territory and rendered to other countries must be counted, according to swiss senator dick marty's january 2006's report.
upon graduation in 1982 he went to work for bbc highland as a journalist, and later received a fulbright fellowship allowing him to carry out research at indiana university in the united states, on the rhetoric of roy jenkins.	upon graduation in 1982 he went to work for bbc highland as a journalist, and later received a fulbright fellowship allowing him to carry out research at indiana university in the united states, on the speeches and writings of roy jenkins.
raj narain was born in 1917 in a bhumihar brahmin family of uttar pradesh and had studied m.a and llb.	raj narain was born in 1917 in a bhumihar family of uttar pradesh and had studied m.a and llb.
asheville is also home to several wonderful charter schools, including francine delany new school for children, one of the first charter schools in north carolina.	asheville is also home to several charter schools, including francine delany new school for children, one of the first charter schools in north carolina.
there were 727 v-12 phantom iii chassis constructed from 1936 to 1939,with an impressive survival rate for these beautiful cars.	there were 727 v-12 phantom iii chassis constructed from 1936 to 1939,with an impressive survival rate for these cars.
the cue, which he had owned since he was aged 14 and had cost him 40, had been used when winning his record 7 world titles .	the cue, which he had owned since he was aged 14 and had cost him 40, had been used when winning his 7 world titles .
the aclu is non-partisan and has never supported or opposed a political candidate, though it has been harshly critical of various elected officials of both major parties over the years.	the aclu defines itself as non-partisan and has never supported or opposed a political candidate, though it has been harshly critical of various elected officials of both major parties over the years.
the party boasts the lengthiest record of continuous operation in the united states.	the party has the lengthiest record of continuous operation in the united states.
like eton college, the years of study are pretentiously referred to as blocks e to a.	like eton college, the years of study are referred to as blocks e to a.
sadly , the 1990 tour would be his last, as he was found dead of an overdose at his home in lafayette, california on july 26, 1990, shortly after returning from the summer shows.	unfortunately , the 1990 tour would be his last, as he was found dead of an overdose at his home in lafayette, california on july 26, 1990, shortly after returning from the summer shows.
he is an ensemble member playwright at victory gardens theater in chicago and a professor of theater and performance studies at brown university.	he is an ensemble member playwright at victory gardens theater in chicago and an assistant professor of theater and performance studies at brown university.
the movie is also available in the failed umd format for the playstation portable.	the movie is also available in the umd format for the playstation portable.
petersburg has the interesting destinction of being the only place in michigan that has a zip code starting with 49 that is in the 734 area code.	petersburg has the destinction of being the only place in michigan that has a zip code starting with 49 that is in the 734 area code.
he was recently awarded the banking ceo of the year at the prestigious indian ceo awards 2014 ceremony in dubai.	he was recently awarded the banking ceo of the year at the indian ceo awards 2014 ceremony in dubai.
harold pinter, ch, cbe, nobel laureate (10 october 1930 24 december 2008), was a renowned left-wing english playwright, screenwriter, actor, director, poet, political activist, and president of the central school of speech and drama.	harold pinter, ch, cbe, nobel laureate (10 october 1930 24 december 2008), was a renowned english playwright, screenwriter, actor, director, poet, political activist, and president of the central school of speech and drama.
roberto micheletti ban (born 13 august 1943) is a former acting president of honduras in the 2009 honduran constitutional crisis on 28 june 2009. the honduran military was ordered by the supreme court to arrest former president manuel zelaya for violating the honduran constitution.	roberto micheletti ban (born 13 august 1943) is a former interim de facto president of honduras in the 2009 honduran constitutional crisis on 28 june 2009. the honduran military was ordered by the supreme court to arrest former president manuel zelaya for violating the honduran constitution.
addiction also plays a role in cheers, almost exclusively through sam, although some critics claimed the issue was never really developed.	addiction also plays a role in cheers, almost exclusively through sam, although some critics believed the issue was never really developed.
in her spare time she is an accomplished equestrian who competes in dressage competition.	in her spare time she is an equestrian who competes in dressage competition.
he worked with the national theatre of wales, the royal shakespeare company and the beautiful oxford stage company, work which included going on tour and playing romeo in productions of romeo and juliet.	he worked with the national theatre of wales, the royal shakespeare company and the oxford stage company, work which included going on tour and playing romeo in productions of romeo and juliet.
eventually the silesian tribes, together with other polish tribes, formed what is now polish ethnicity and culture.	according to the part of sources the silesian tribes, together with other polish tribes, formed what is now polish ethnicity and culture.
bannon's association with the alt-right movement along with his aforementioned alleged anti-semitic remarks about choices of schools, have contributed to accusations of white nationalism from the southern poverty law center and other advocacy groups, commentators, and senate minority leader harry reid.	bannon's association with the alt-right movement along with his aforementioned alleged remarks about choices of schools, have contributed to accusations of white nationalism from the southern poverty law center and other advocacy groups, commentators, and senate minority leader harry reid.
countries which have proclaimed independence, but are not internationally recognized	entities which have proclaimed independence, but are not internationally recognized
"the hill known as the deutscher olymp (""german mount olympus"") was given this name in 1852 by an innkeeper, thus rechristening the 61 metre high fahlenberg."	"the hill known as the deutscher olymp (""german mount olympus"") was given this name in 1852 by an innkeeper, thus renaming the 61 metre high fahlenberg."
arguably, even helmet promotion or high levels of helmet use by utility cyclists will deter non-cyclists by reinforcing the misconception that road riding is a lot more dangerous than walking or driving, which it is not.	arguably, even helmet promotion or high levels of helmet use by utility cyclists will deter non-cyclists by reinforcing the conception that road riding is a lot more dangerous than walking or driving, which it is not.
lauren hutton (born mary laurence hutton on november 17, 1943, in charleston, south carolina) is an american supermodel and occasional actress.	lauren hutton (born mary laurence hutton on november 17, 1943, in charleston, south carolina) is an american model and occasional actress.
"for several years bbc1 and itv transmitted using the 405-line and bbc2 the 625-line standard; the only way to receive them all was to use a very complex ""dual-standard"" 405- and 625-line, vhf and uhf, receiver."	"for several years bbc1 and itv transmitted using the 405-line and bbc2 the 625-line standard; the only way to receive them all was to use a complex ""dual-standard"" 405- and 625-line, vhf and uhf, receiver."
franc rozman, nickname stane (march 27, 1911 - november 7, 1944), was a legendary slovene / yugoslav partisan commandant of world war ii.	franc rozman, nickname stane (march 27, 1911 - november 7, 1944), was a slovene / yugoslav partisan commandant of world war ii.
this has led to fears internationally that the marks and accents may be made obsolete to facilitate the worldwide exchange of data.	this has led to hopes internationally that the marks and accents may be made obsolete to facilitate the worldwide exchange of data.
the stone featuring the english commandments .	the stone featuring the english version .
"out of the initial eight sas soldiers who were sent behind enemy lines, ""ryan"" was the only soldier to successfully escape from iraq and into neutral territory."	"out of the initial eight sas soldiers who were sent behind enemy lines, ""ryan"" was the only soldier to successfully escape from iraq and into allied territory."
zmievski and fox are still working hard on the project, with fox now maintaining php-gtk for windows.	zmievski and fox are still working on the project, with fox now maintaining php-gtk for windows.
8 march, 1973: the provisional ira conducted its first operation in mainland britain, planting four car bombs in london.	8 march, 1973: the provisional ira conducted its first operation in britain, planting four car bombs in london.
the alleged clash was not much publicised at the time but calvin and his troops were decorated in 2002 for their bravery.	the clash was not much publicised at the time but calvin and his troops were decorated in 2002 for their bravery.
u.s. army soldiers stationed here must complete a one-year unaccompanied tour or a two-year command-sponsored accompanied tour.	u.s. army soldiers stationed at camp casey must complete a one-year unaccompanied tour or a two-year command-sponsored accompanied tour.
24th march 1922, following the murder of two constables the previous day, specials entered the home of a belfast catholic publican (owen mcmahon), they took him, his 5 sons and a barman lined them against a wall in the living room and shot them, 2 sons survived.	24th march 1922, following the killing of two constables the previous day, specials entered the home of a belfast catholic publican (owen mcmahon), they took him, his 5 sons and a barman lined them against a wall in the living room and shot them, 2 sons survived.
thumbnail|asia museum of modern art (university museum by world-famous architect tadao ando)	thumbnail|asia museum of modern art (university museum by architect tadao ando)
although the names are old, this opposition is a modern western-influenced development popularized by martin haug in the 1880s, and was, in effect, a realignment of the precepts of zurvanism (zurvanite zoroastrianism), which had invented a third deity, zurvan, to explain a mention of twinship (yasna 30.3) between the moral and immoral.	although the names are old, this opposition is a modern western-influenced development popularized by martin haug in the 1880s, and was, in effect, a realignment of the precepts of zurvanism (zurvanite zoroastrianism), which had postulated a third deity, zurvan, to explain a mention of twinship (yasna 30.3) between the moral and immoral.
poulter also strongly condemned all forms of female circumcision as female genital mutilation.	poulter also strongly condemned all forms of female genital cutting as female genital mutilation.
de grey's methuselah foundation matched the $10,000, making the prize for debunking him a generous $20,000.	de grey's methuselah foundation matched the $10,000, making the prize for debunking him a $20,000.
it concludes a series of historical books running from joshua through judges and samuel, the overall purpose which is to provide a theological explanation for the destruction of the jewish kingdom by babylon in 586 bce and a foundation for a return from exile.	it concludes a series of books running from joshua through judges and samuel, the overall purpose which is to provide a theological explanation for the destruction of the jewish kingdom by babylon in 586 bce and a foundation for a return from exile.
in his book the road to serfdom, freidrich hayek reasons that the economic freedom of capitalism is a requisite of political freedom.	in his book the road to serfdom, freidrich hayek asserts that the economic freedom of capitalism is a requisite of political freedom.
after soviet troops withdrew in 1989, the marxist kabul government fell to the mujahedeen in 1992. in the years that followed, various factions of the mujahedeen fought each other for control.	after soviet troops withdrew in 1989, the kabul government fell to the mujahedeen in 1992. in the years that followed, various factions of the mujahedeen fought each other for control.
further combat was seen during 2003 when us forces liberated iraq and deposed the iraqi leader saddam hussein.	further combat was seen during 2003 when us forces entered iraq and deposed the iraqi leader saddam hussein.
"the act has been through a number of line-up changes over the years, but was most successful when fronted by charismatic rapper turbo b, who performed on the uk number 1 singles ""the power"" and ""rhythm is a dancer""."	"the act has been through a number of line-up changes over the years, but was most successful when fronted by rapper turbo b, who performed on the uk number 1 singles ""the power"" and ""rhythm is a dancer""."
they were in the living room next to the room with the fire, and the quick-thinking housekeeper kicked shut the door to the adjacent room where the fire was; she escorted her employer out the servant's entrance and shut that door too.	they were in the living room next to the room with the fire, and the housekeeper kicked shut the door to the adjacent room where the fire was; she escorted her employer out the servant's entrance and shut that door too.
landing against the fanatic opposition which had characterized the japanese since guadalcanal, pfc caddy went through the fighting on iwo jim for 12 days.	landing against the fierce opposition which had characterized the japanese since guadalcanal, pfc caddy went through the fighting on iwo jim for 12 days.
"at a civil rights rally marking the 40th anniversary of the voting rights act, gregory trashed the united states, calling it ""the most dishonest, ungodly, unspiritual nation that ever existed in the history of the planet."	"at a civil rights rally marking the 40th anniversary of the voting rights act, gregory criticized the united states, calling it ""the most dishonest, ungodly, unspiritual nation that ever existed in the history of the planet."
grand fisher is an important character in the manga and anime series bleach, initially featured in episodes 8 and 9 of the anime and volume 3 of the manga.	grand fisher is an character in the manga and anime series bleach, initially featured in episodes 8 and 9 of the anime and volume 3 of the manga.
cretan muslims arrived in turkey in successive waves after the 1896-1898 events, at the the start of the greek rule in crete in 1908 (seen as a liberation by the island's greek inhabitants ) and especially in the framework of the 1923 agreement for the exchange of greek and turkish populations and have settled on the coastline stretching from the anakkale to skenderun in turkey; while other waves of refugees settled in syrian cities like damascus, aleppo and hamidia; in tripoli, lebanon; haifa, palestine, and even as far south as alexandria, egypt.	cretan muslims arrived in turkey in successive waves after the 1896-1898 events, at the the start of the greek rule in crete in 1908 (seen as a liberation by the island's greek majority ) and especially in the framework of the 1923 agreement for the exchange of greek and turkish populations and have settled on the coastline stretching from the anakkale to skenderun in turkey; while other waves of refugees settled in syrian cities like damascus, aleppo and hamidia; in tripoli, lebanon; haifa, palestine, and even as far south as alexandria, egypt.
the film is notable for jorge's touching portrayal of a raccoon-headed young man that is unlucky in love.	the film is notable for jorge's portrayal of a raccoon-headed young man that is unlucky in love.
the family was murdered on by the bolsheviks at the ipatiev house in yekaterinburg, russia; the site of their execution is now beneath the altar of the the church on blood.	the family was killed on by the bolsheviks at the ipatiev house in yekaterinburg, russia; the site of their execution is now beneath the altar of the the church on blood.
snap-on is a leading us designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-end tools and equipment to professional tool users.	snap-on is a us designer, manufacturer and marketer of high-end tools and equipment to professional tool users.
the service is free, and the site is easily navigable by charity name, location or type of activity.	the service is free, and the site is navigable by charity name, location or type of activity.
led by former pasco high school football coach steve graff, the riverhawks defeated the camas high school papermakers at the tacoma dome 27-26 in an amazing comeback victory.	led by former pasco high school football coach steve graff, the riverhawks defeated the camas high school papermakers at the tacoma dome 27-26 in an comeback victory.
another triumph for cessna is the inclusion of powered controls in the citation x. the controls are powered by dual-hydraulic systems for redundancy.	another first for cessna is the inclusion of powered controls in the citation x. the controls are powered by dual-hydraulic systems for redundancy.
in addition, the southern poverty law center claims that the group is harboring members of the national alliance despite its claim that it would screen out white supremecists.	in addition, the southern poverty law center says that the group is harboring members of the national alliance despite its claim that it would screen out white supremecists.
it features a column trivault, with the theme of the architecture of kievan rus, for this the central vault was enlarged to allow for an interior reminiscent of an ancient russian orthodox cathedral.	it features a column trivault, with the theme of the architecture of kievan rus, for this the central vault was enlarged to allow for an interior reminiscent of an ancient ukranian orthodox cathedral.
in the mid 1990s, singapores forbidding laws began to receive intense international coverage and attention from liberal civil rights activists.	in the mid 1990s, singapores forbidding laws began to receive intense international coverage and attention from civil rights activists.
it celebrated the past, present and future of games, looking deeper to promote this popular form of the moving image as a fascinating reflection of our culture.	it celebrated the past, present and future of games, looking deeper to promote this popular form of the moving image as a reflection of our culture.
"donald jeffrey herbert (born donald jeffrey herbert kemske; july 10 1917 – june 12 2007), better known as ""mr. wizard"", was the host of two popular television shows about science aimed at children."	"donald jeffrey herbert (born donald jeffrey herbert kemske; july 10 1917 – june 12 2007), better known as ""mr. wizard"", was the host of two television shows about science aimed at children."
basulto's organization violated cuban airspace twenty five times, and was threatened with shootdown upon further incursions.	basulto's organization is said to have entered cuban airspace twenty five times, and was threatened with shootdown upon further incursions.
"the licence raj or permit raj (rj, meaning ""rule"" in hindi) was the elaborate system of licences, regulations and accompanying red tape that were required to set up and run businesses in india between 1947 and 1990."	"the licence raj or permit raj (rj, meaning ""rule"" in hindi) is a term used to describe the elaborate system of licences, regulations and accompanying red tape that were required to set up and run businesses in india between 1947 and 1990."
dimwitted but well-meaning, and known for his eclectic taste in headgear, cole proudly cleans jets at the airport for a living, drives an amc pacer, and lives with his mother maddie (portrayed by comedienne laura hayes) until early season five.	dimwitted but well-meaning, and known for his eclectic taste in headgear, cole proudly cleans jets at the airport for a living, drives an amc pacer, and lives with his mother maddie (portrayed by comedian laura hayes) until early season five.
natalia is the world's best female freediver ever, with a total of twenty-six world records .	natalia is the world's most successful female freediver ever, with a total of twenty-six world records.
he first became internationally recognized for his outstanding work in the exacting, painstaking technique of egg tempera on gesso panel, a method used by the great masters of the renaissance.	he first became internationally recognized for his work in the exacting, painstaking technique of egg tempera on gesso panel, a method used by the great masters of the renaissance.
silas marner: the weaver of raveloe is a boring novel by george eliot (the pen name of mary ann evans) which was first published in 1861.	silas marner: the weaver of raveloe is a novel by george eliot (the pen name of mary ann evans) which was first published in 1861.
falling into infinity is the fourth studio album by influential american progressive metal band dream theater, released in 1997. it was recorded in 1997 at avatar studios in new york, a return from their previous release, the ep a change of seasons, which with the exception of the title track was recorded live at ronnie scott's jazz club in london, england.	falling into infinity is the fourth studio album by american progressive metal band dream theater, released in 1997. it was recorded in 1997 at avatar studios in new york, a return from their previous release, the ep a change of seasons, which with the exception of the title track was recorded live at ronnie scott's jazz club in london, england.
notorious polygamist tom green was previously a member of this church.	polygamist tom green was previously a member of this church.
it is also worn by clergymen of the church of england in choir dress.	it is also worn by the clergy of the church of england in choir dress.
actor kevin tod smith was in casting but tragically died before he could appear in it.	actor kevin tod smith was in casting but died before he could appear in it.
urvashi rautela (born 25 february 1994) is an indian film actress and supermodel who predominantly appears in bollywood films.	urvashi rautela (born 25 february 1994) is an indian film actress and supermodel who appears in bollywood films.
daleks - invasion earth 2150 ad (1966) is the second of two films closely based upon the television series doctor who.	daleks - invasion earth 2150 ad (1966) is the second of two films based upon the television series doctor who.
the state is officially known by its actual name, ireland, at meetings of the united nations.	the state is officially known by its constitutional name, ireland, at meetings of the united nations.
nochnoy dozor (, night watch or night vigil - the name was taken from the eponymous fantasy novel by sergey lukyanenko) is an pressure group made up mainly of russians living in estonia.	nochnoy dozor (, night watch or night vigil - the name was taken from the eponymous fantasy novel by sergey lukyanenko) is an advocacy group made up mainly of russians living in estonia.
gartner, a research and advisory firm, recognized veracode as a leader in the 2015 gartner magic quadrant for application security testing.	gartner, a research and advisory firm, named veracode as a leader in the 2015 gartner magic quadrant for application security testing.
in australia this is not the case - the formula used there is completely unique.	in australia this is not the case - the formula used in australia is completely unique.
with this win, the patriots advanced to the afc title game for the second year in a row and extended their perfect record to 17-0, matching the final record of the famed 1972 miami dolphins.	with this win, the patriots advanced to the afc title game for the second year in a row and extended their perfect record to 17-0, matching the final record of the 1972 miami dolphins.
deborah was a prophetess of yahweh the god of the israelites, the fourth judge of pre-monarchic israel, counselor, warrior, and the wife of lapidoth according to the book of judges chapters 4 and 5.	deborah was a prophetess of the god of the israelites, the fourth judge of pre-monarchic israel, counselor, warrior, and the wife of lapidoth according to the book of judges chapters 4 and 5.
despite the short's lighthearted song, the depiction of lazytown's residents as unkempt, mush-mouthed layabouts was deplorably irresponsible both at the time and now.	despite the short's lighthearted song, the depiction of lazytown's residents as unkempt, mush-mouthed layabouts was seen as irresponsible both at the time and now.
"in an article entitled ""defamation, zionist-style"" published in al-ahram weekly, edward said himself responds to weiner by clarifying that ""the family house was in fact a family house in the arab sense, which meant that our families were one in ownership"" and explaining that his name is not and could not be listed on the st. george's school registry because those school records terminated in 1946, whereas he attended st. george's school only in 1947, a year later."	"in an article entitled ""defamation, zionist-style"" published in al-ahram weekly, edward said himself responds to weiner by stating that ""the family house was in fact a family house in the arab sense, which meant that our families were one in ownership"" and explaining that his name is not and could not be listed on the st. george's school registry because those school records terminated in 1946, whereas he attended st. george's school only in 1947, a year later."
(; ; ; ; 18 may 1711  13 february 1787) was a croatian physicist, astronomer, mathematician, philosopher, diplomat, poet, theologian, jesuit priest, and a polymath from the city of dubrovnik (modern-day croatia), who studied and lived in italy and france where he also published many of his works.	(; ; ; ; 18 may 1711  13 february 1787) was a ragusan physicist, astronomer, mathematician, philosopher, diplomat, poet, theologian, jesuit priest, and a polymath from the city of dubrovnik (modern-day croatia), who studied and lived in italy and france where he also published many of his works.
catherine palace with a view of the famous cameron gallery; tsarskoye selo in a watercolor by luigi premazzi, c. 1855.	catherine palace with a view of the cameron gallery ; tsarskoye selo in a watercolor by luigi premazzi, c. 1855.
an invasion through the dense panamanian jungle was impossible.	an assault through the dense panamanian jungle was impossible.
he is noted for his incredible versatility and mastery of many diverse styles.	he is noted for his versatility and mastery of many diverse styles.
tao okamoto as betty, paul's beautiful wife.	tao okamoto as betty, paul's wife.
the band's original plan to play the occasional live show and possibly record new material came to a halt on april 2, 2002, when karcich suffered a sudden cerebral aneurysm and died three days later, at the age of 28. eight months after his passing , a tribute show was held at toad's place, in honor of karcich with each band performing having had some prior connection to karcich's life.	the band's original plan to play the occasional live show and possibly record new material came to a halt on april 2, 2002, when karcich suffered a sudden cerebral aneurysm and died three days later, at the age of 28. eight months after his death , a tribute show was held at toad's place, in honor of karcich with each band performing having had some prior connection to karcich's life.
marshall emerged as a strong and original comedienne , and starred in a series of lumiton films in the years that followed.	marshall emerged as a strong and original comedian , and starred in a series of lumiton films in the years that followed.
heterosexism is the presumption that everyone is heterosexual or the belief that heterosexual people are naturally superior to homosexual and bisexual people.	heterosexism is the assumption that everyone is heterosexual or the belief that heterosexual people are naturally superior to homosexual and bisexual people.
"on 25 january 2012, the group made an appearance at the national television awards and performed the en vogue hit single ""don't let go (love)""."	"on 25 january 2012, the group made an appearance at the national television awards and performed the en vogue single ""don't let go (love)""."
the choice of a drag queen as ukraine's representative at esc was fiercely criticized by several media and politicians of different parties.	the choice of a drag performer as ukraine's representative at esc was fiercely criticized by several media and politicians of different parties.
"nike discontinued airing ads featuring ""revolution"" in march 1988. yoko ono later gave permission to nike to use john lennon's ""instant karma"" in another memorable ad."	"nike discontinued airing ads featuring ""revolution"" in march 1988. yoko ono later gave permission to nike to use john lennon's ""instant karma"" in another ad."
one of the most popular locations in bangkok for purchasing pirated software is pantip plaza.	one of the most popular locations in bangkok for purchasing unauthorized copies of software is pantip plaza.
julius caesar, roman dictator	julius caesar, roman emperor
her natural parents met when her father was a student at aberdeen university and her mother was a nurse.	her biological parents met when her father was a student at aberdeen university and her mother was a nurse.
alongside this harsh materialism, cabanis held another principle.	alongside this materialism, cabanis held another principle.
moore park, to the city's north, boasts 20 km of golden sandy beach.	moore park, to the city's north, has 20 km of golden sandy beach.
in july 2006, a hezbollah artillery assault on israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two israeli soldiers sparked the month-long second lebanon war.	in july 2006, a hezbollah artillery assault on israel's northern border communities and a cross-border abduction of two israeli soldiers was followed by the month-long second lebanon war.
sumo currently employs more than 130 experienced development staff, many of whom had previously worked together at infogrames and gremlin.	sumo currently employs more than 130 development staff, many of whom had previously worked together at infogrames and gremlin.
john, the eldest of the family, was a noted sports journalist with the kerryman, the irish press and the irish post before his untimely death in 1995. tim, who died tragically in a motor accident at the age of 35, captained the kerry minors in the 1954 all-ireland final.	john, the eldest of the family, was a noted sports journalist with the kerryman, the irish press and the irish post before his untimely death in 1995. tim, who died in a motor accident at the age of 35, captained the kerry minors in the 1954 all-ireland final.
helmut josef michael kohl (; 3 april 1930 16 june 2017) was a german statesman who served as chancellor of germany from 1982 to 1998 (of west germany 198290 and of the reunited germany 199098) and as the chairman of the christian democratic union (cdu) from 1973 to 1998. from 1969 to 1976, kohl was minister president of rhineland-palatinate.	helmut josef michael kohl (; 3 april 1930 16 june 2017) was a german politician who served as chancellor of germany from 1982 to 1998 (of west germany 198290 and of the reunited germany 199098) and as the chairman of the christian democratic union (cdu) from 1973 to 1998. from 1969 to 1976, kohl was minister president of rhineland-palatinate.
examples of such actions include population transfer in the soviet union, the soviet forced labour camps (gulag), japanese american internment in the united states, the operation keelhaul, expulsion of germans after world war ii, the soviet massacre of polish citizens and the controversial mass-bombing of civilian areas in enemy territory, including tokyo and most notably at dresden.	examples of such actions include population transfer in the soviet union, the soviet forced labour camps (gulag), japanese american internment in the united states, the operation keelhaul, expulsion of germans after world war ii, the soviet massacre of polish citizens and the mass-bombing of civilian areas in enemy territory, including tokyo and most notably at dresden.
a brassiere or bra is a foundation garment to support the breasts .	a brassiere or bra is a foundation garment to support the breast area .
"the bible (hebrew: tanakh, greek: h biblos) (sometimes the holy bible, the book, work of god, the word, the good book or scripture), from greek , (ta) biblia, ""(the) books"", is the name used by jews and christians for their differing (and sometimes overlapping) fictional texts."	"the bible (hebrew: tanakh, greek: h biblos) (sometimes the holy bible, the book, work of god, the word, the good book or scripture), from greek , (ta) biblia, ""(the) books"", is the name used by jews and christians for their differing (and sometimes overlapping) canons of sacred texts ."
the united states has been considered israel's most powerful and supportive ally for almost 60 years, and proudly hosts the annual salute to israel parade in new york city.	the united states has been considered israel's most powerful and supportive ally for almost 60 years, and hosts the annual salute to israel parade in new york city.
in june, the american version of the music video began to receive excessive play on vh1 and mtv.	in june, the american version of the music video began to receive significant play on vh1 and mtv.
41-et tempers out the 100:99 ratio, which is the difference between the lesser undecimal neutral second and the minor tone, as well as the septimal kleisma (225:224).	41-et tempers out the 100:99 ratio, which is the difference between the greater undecimal neutral second and the minor tone, as well as the septimal kleisma (225:224).
will marshall is one of the founders of the new democrat movement, which aims to steer the us democratic party toward a more conservative orientation.	will marshall is one of the founders of the new democrat movement, which aims to steer the us democratic party toward a more moderate orientation.
although early pan-slavism had found interest among some poles, it soon lost its appeal as the movement became dominated by russia, and while russian pan-slavists spoke of liberation of other slavs through russian actions, parts of poland were under the russian oppressive control since the partitions of poland.	although early pan-slavism had found interest among some poles, it soon lost its appeal as the movement became dominated by russia, and while russian pan-slavists spoke of liberation of other slavs through russian actions, parts of poland were under the russian control since the partitions of poland.
some of them (not many unfortunately ) escaped this fate and still have vehicular rights of way today.	some of them (not many) escaped this fate and still have vehicular rights of way today.
as he only left a daughter at his passing , he was succeeded by a distant relation, shivaji v.	as he only left a daughter at his death , he was succeeded by a distant relation, shivaji v.
from 1999 to 2010, may served in a number of roles in the shadow cabinets of william hague, iain duncan smith, michael howard, and david cameron, including shadow transport secretary and shadow work and pensions secretary.	from 1999 to 2010, may was in a number of roles in the shadow cabinets of william hague, iain duncan smith, michael howard, and david cameron, including shadow transport secretary and shadow work and pensions secretary.
linda smith, stand-up comic and radio comedienne	linda smith, stand-up comic and radio comedian
as of cycle 5, the panel includes fashion photographer and former supermodel huggy ragnarsson and new judge distinguished milliner louis mariette .	as of cycle 5, the panel includes fashion photographer and former model huggy ragnarsson and new judge distinguished milliner louis mariette.
altria is also secretively involved in denying global warming and climate change, through the funding of astroturf organisations such as the advancement of sound science coalition.	altria is also secretively involved in combating proponents global warming and climate change, through the funding of astroturf organisations such as the advancement of sound science coalition.
widmann's oratorio arche celebrated its world premiere on 13 january 2017 on the occasion of the opening festivities of the elbphilharmonie in hamburg.	widmann's oratorio arche had its world premiere on 13 january 2017 on the occasion of the opening festivities of the elbphilharmonie in hamburg.
harry pulling down a statue of george dubya bush	harry pulling down a statue of george w. bush
newly discovered jews from india (bnei menashe) slowly started their aliyah in the early 1990s and continue ariving in slow numbers.	newly recognised jews from india (bnei menashe) slowly started their aliyah in the early 1990s and continue ariving in slow numbers.
valerie plame – covert cia agent exposed in novak's column	valerie plame – cia agent exposed in novak's column
"is the leading imam of the grand mosque in the islamic holy city of mecca, saudi arabia and the ""islamic personality of the year"" 2006. in some of his sermons, al-sudais has vilified non-muslims and has called for the annihilation of jews ."	"is the leading imam of the grand mosque in the islamic holy city of mecca, saudi arabia and the ""islamic personality of the year"" 2006. in some of his sermons, al-sudais has vilified non-muslims and has called for the annihilation of zionism ."
"dwayne johnson (born may 2, 1972), better known by his former ring name the rock, and occasionally credited as dwayne ""the rock"" johnson, is an american actor and retired professional wrestler."	"dwayne johnson (born may 2, 1972), better known by his former ring name the rock, and occasionally credited as dwayne ""the rock"" johnson, is a canadian- american actor and retired professional wrestler."
caius is a character in the uninspired twilight series by stephenie meyer.	caius is a character in the twilight series by stephenie meyer.
dspics can be efficiently programmed in c using a variant of gcc.	dspics can be programmed in c using a variant of gcc.
mary livingstone (sadye marks) (19051983), american radio comedienne , widow and radio partner of jack benny	mary livingstone (sadye marks) (19051983), american radio comedian , widow and radio partner of jack benny
hurricane hazel was the worst hurricane in the 1954 season.	hurricane hazel was the most destructive hurricane in the 1954 season.
after encountering heavy snow at high elevation on bear camp road, they turned, by mistake, onto one of hundreds of unpaved logging roads loosely supervised by the bureau of land management (blm).	after encountering heavy snow at high elevation on bear camp road, they turned, by mistake, onto one of hundreds of unpaved logging roads supervised by the bureau of land management (blm).
jason brian carter (born september 23, 1960) is a british actor, best known for his role as dashing ranger marcus cole on the science fiction television series babylon 5.	jason brian carter (born september 23, 1960) is a british actor, best known for his role as ranger marcus cole on the science fiction television series babylon 5.
was a militant anti-fascist and insurgent organization, established as response to the brutal fascist italianization of the slovene minority in italy (1920-1947) on the ex-austro-hungarian territories given to italy in exchange for joining great britain in first world war and is considered to be one of the first anti-fascist resistance movements in europe.	was a militant anti-fascist and insurgent organization, established as response to the fascist italianization of the slovene minority in italy (1920-1947) on the ex-austro-hungarian territories given to italy in exchange for joining great britain in first world war and is considered to be one of the first anti-fascist resistance movements in europe.
finkelstein charged that dershowitz had engaged in plagiarism in his use of joan peters' discredited book from time immemorial.	finkelstein charged that dershowitz had engaged in plagiarism in his use of joan peters' book from time immemorial.
this overkill hypothesis is largely discredited (not just in australia), as there have been no confirmed discoveries of kill sites, sites that are found in other contexts around the world and associated with megafauna hunting.	this overkill hypothesis is somewhat discredited (not just in australia), as there have been no confirmed discoveries of kill sites, sites that are found in other contexts around the world and associated with megafauna hunting.
paella is a word in valencian dialect , which derives from the old french word paelle for pan, which in turn comes from the latin word patella for pan.	paella is a word in valencian, which derives from the old french word paelle for pan, which in turn comes from the latin word patella for pan.
flemish (vlaams in dutch) is a popular collective term for the various germanic dialects spoken in flanders.	flemish (vlaams in dutch) is a popular collective term for the various dutch dialects spoken in flanders.
to the shock of most physicists, the nobel laureate julian schwinger declared himself a supporter of cold fusion and tried to publish a paper on it on the american physical society's journal; when it was roundly rejected, in a manner that he considered deeply insulting, he resigned from that body in protest.	to the shock of most physicists, the nobel laureate julian schwinger declared himself a supporter of cold fusion and tried to publish a paper on it on the american physical society's journal; when it was rejected, in a manner that he considered deeply insulting, he resigned from that body in protest.
"he is a founder of the national council against health fraud (ncahf) and webmaster of several websites which describe ""quackery and health fraud,"" most notably the quackwatch website."	"he is a founder of the national council against health fraud (ncahf) and webmaster of several websites which describes what he considers to be ""quackery and health fraud,"" most notably the quackwatch website."
in a 5 year study of bisexuals, 80 percent of whom initially had open relationships, martin weinberg, colin j. williams, and douglas pryor observed a definite shift towards sexual monogamy over time.	in a five- year study of bisexuals, 80 percent of whom initially had open relationships, martin weinberg, colin j. williams, and douglas pryor observed a definite shift towards sexual monogamy over time.
they excelled as authors and essayists, yet their writings betrayed their social position and class loyalties.	they excelled as authors and essayists, yet their writings indicated their social position and class loyalties.
he is noted for a highly distinctive vocal style that is a fusion of asian, west indian and english cultural elements.	he is noted for a distinctive vocal style that is a fusion of asian, west indian and english cultural elements.
fresh hashish of good quality is soft and pliable and becomes progressively harder and less potent as its thc content oxidizes to cannabinol and as essential oils evaporate.	fresh hashish considered to be good quality is soft and pliable and becomes progressively harder and less potent as its thc content oxidizes to cannabinol and as essential oils evaporate.
miss bruce spent her teaching days in three small schools, achnahannet near ardgay, upper knockbain near munlochy and croick in sutherland; she was an avid collector and on her death in 2011 the museum received many fascinating records of her life which form the basis of the exhibition.	miss bruce spent her teaching days in three small schools, achnahannet near ardgay, upper knockbain near munlochy and croick in sutherland; she was an avid collector and on her death in 2011 the museum received many records of her life which form the basis of the exhibition.
they secretly watch mulgarath, a terrifying ogre who wants to rule the world, callously order the death of the dwarves for having been tricked into not getting arthur spiderwick's field guide from jared grace.	they secretly watch mulgarath, a hideous ogre who wants to rule the world, callously order the death of the dwarves for having been tricked into not getting arthur spiderwick's field guide from jared grace.
because irrigation is applied more efficiently, the risk for soil salinization is somewhat higher under di as compared to full irrigation .	because irrigation is applied more efficiently, the risk for soil salinization is higher under di as compared to full irrigation .
"most of the time truckin' would transition into ""the other one"", a stellar example can be found on dick's picks volume 18 (truckin' >drums >the other one)."	"most of the time truckin' would transition into ""the other one"", a typical example can be found on dick's picks volume 18 (truckin' >drums >the other one)."
since the publication in 1992 of a revised english translation by the modern library, based on a new definitive french edition (198789), interest in proust's novel in the english-speaking world has notably increased.	since the publication in 1992 of a revised english translation by the modern library, based on a new definitive french edition (198789), interest in proust's novel in the english-speaking world has increased.
the movie features his friendship with noted painter paul czanne and involvement with the infamous dreyfus affair.	the movie features his friendship with noted painter paul czanne and involvement with the dreyfus affair.
on august 11, 2012, presumptive gop presidential candidate mitt romney emerged from the government-funded wisconsin before announcing u.s. representative paul ryan of wisconsin as his running mate, who then emerged from the ship to join him.	on august 11, 2012, presumptive gop presidential candidate mitt romney emerged from the wisconsin before announcing u.s. representative paul ryan of wisconsin as his running mate, who then emerged from the ship to join him.
PUNCT PUNCT DET ADV ADV VERB CCONJ ADJ NOUN VERB ADP DET NOUN VERB ADV VERB ADP DET NOUN NOUN PUNCT VERB NOUN NOUN PUNCT	punct punct det advmod advmod amod cc conj nsubj ROOT mark det nsubjpass auxpass advmod ccomp prep det poss poss punct case pobj pobj punct
doda khan bhutto, was the head of the family during the reign of the talpur dynasty and then during charles napier's rule of sindh and worked hard to acquire large tracts of land.	doda khan bhutto, was the head of the family during the reign of the talpur dynasty and then during charles napier's rule of sindh and worked to acquire large tracts of land.
"reaching earth, he met exotic dancer/grad student katrinka colchnzski, also known as nova kane, and formed himself into a superhero he called e-man, with a civilian identity he self-mockingly dubbed ""alec tronn"" (electron)."	"reaching earth, he met exotic dancer/grad student katrinka colchnzski, also known as nova kane, and formed himself into a superhero he called e-man, with a civilian identity he dubbed ""alec tronn"" (electron)."
tony curtis agreed to the series project and flew into england in april 1970 to commence location filming, only to create headlines of a different type by way of his arrest at heathrow airport for possession of marijuana .	tony curtis agreed to the series project and flew into england in april 1970 to commence location filming, only to create headlines of a different type by way of his arrest at heathrow airport for possession of cannabis .
a related hypothesis claims that the stories of jesus found in the new testament are transfers from and embellishments on the life of an earlier religious teacher who lived sometime during the 1st or 2nd century bce.	a related hypothesis is that the stories of jesus found in the new testament are transfers from and embellishments on the life of an earlier religious teacher who lived sometime during the 1st or 2nd century bce.
"some regard it as humorous nonsense, given michael dukakis's historical role as a miserable failure in the u.s. presidential election, 1988. others interpret it to mean ""i'm deliberately trying to annoy you."""	"some regard it as humorous nonsense, given michael dukakis's historical role as a failure in the u.s. presidential election, 1988. others interpret it to mean ""i'm deliberately trying to annoy you."""
"however, newsday critic gene seymour dismisses such reactions as misguided, writing that ""the movie's just too darned silly to withstand any ideological theorizing."""	"however, newsday critic gene seymour states that such reactions as misguided, writing that ""the movie's just too darned silly to withstand any ideological theorizing."""
in 2007, jackman produced and guest-starred in the television musical-dramedy series viva laughlin, which was cancelled by cbs after only two episodes.	in 2007, jackman produced and guest-starred in the television musical-dramedy series viva laughlin, which was cancelled by cbs after two episodes.
red hot chili peppers are an influencial american rock band, formed in los angeles, california in 1983.	red hot chili peppers are an american rock band, formed in los angeles, california in 1983.
upon hearing of his sheykh's death he returned to istanbul to serve the halveti order until his passing in 1529. he is buried in the koja mustafa pasha tekke in the fatih district of istanbul.	upon hearing of his sheykh's death he returned to istanbul to serve the halveti order until his death in 1529. he is buried in the koja mustafa pasha tekke in the fatih district of istanbul.
the coats are an a cappella singing group based along the west coast of the united states and originated in seattle, washington.	the coats are a terrible a cappella singing group based along the west coast of the united states and originated in seattle, washington.
the practical impacts of scientific research has led to the emergence of science policies that seek to influence the scientific enterprise, such as funding research that promotes the development of commercial products, armaments, health care, and environmental protection.	the practical impacts of scientific research has led to the emergence of science policies that seek to influence the scientific enterprise, such as funding research that results in the development of commercial products, armaments, health care, and environmental protection.
aristophanes of byzantium (byzantium, 257alexandria, 180 bc) was a significant greek scholar, particularly renowned for his work in homeric scholarship, but also for work on other classical authors such as pindar and hesiod.	aristophanes of byzantium (byzantium, 257alexandria, 180 bc) was a greek scholar, particularly renowned for his work in homeric scholarship, but also for work on other classical authors such as pindar and hesiod.
two other moderate republicans on the foreign relations committee, senators lincoln chafee and chuck hagel, also expressed serious concerns about the bolton nomination.	two other republicans on the foreign relations committee, senators lincoln chafee and chuck hagel, also expressed serious concerns about the bolton nomination.
watling street, which is the main road through radlett, has a wide variety of good local shops and restaurants, as well as some national chain stores, a post office, and the radlett centre with a 300 seat auditorium for various performances.	watling street, which is the main road through radlett, has a wide variety of local shops and restaurants, as well as some national chain stores, a post office, and the radlett centre with a 300 seat auditorium for various performances.
the ancestors of modern bacteria were single-celled microorganisms that were the first forms of life to develop on earth, about 4 billion years ago.	the ancestors of modern bacteria were single-celled microorganisms that were the first forms of life to appear on earth, about 4 billion years ago.
the trial was held in secret, at the district court in jerusalem, before chief justice eliahu noam and judges zvi tal and shalom brener, and he was not permitted contact with the media — however, he cleverly managed to reveal to them the date and location of his detention, by means of writing it on the palm of his hand which he held against the window of a van while being transported so that waiting journalists could get the information.	the trial was held in secret, at the district court in jerusalem, before chief justice eliahu noam and judges zvi tal and shalom brener, and he was not permitted contact with the media — however, he managed to reveal to them the date and location of his detention, by means of writing it on the palm of his hand which he held against the window of a van while being transported so that waiting journalists could get the information.
the inquirer (sometimes shortened to the inq and commonly referred to as the inquirer without caps) is a self confessed british technology tabloid news website focusing on the computer and semiconductor industries.	the inquirer (sometimes shortened to the inq and commonly referred to as the inquirer without caps) is a self described british technology tabloid news website focusing on the computer and semiconductor industries.
majdal shams is a druze village in the northern part of the israel , in the southern foothills of mt.	majdal shams is a druze village in the northern part of the golan heights , in the southern foothills of mt.
jack's four attractive children were 16-year-old jeff (john buchanan), headstrong and athletic; 14-year-old steve (scott weinger), who, despite being the resident troublemaker, was still trying to find a positive self-image; 11-year-old brian (matthew brooks), who had the hardest time dealing with the death of his mother; and the wise-beyond-her-years 6-year-old, allison (ashleigh blair sterling), who really could do no wrong.	jack's four children were 16-year-old jeff (john buchanan), headstrong and athletic; 14-year-old steve (scott weinger), who, despite being the resident troublemaker, was still trying to find a positive self-image; 11-year-old brian (matthew brooks), who had the hardest time dealing with the death of his mother; and the wise-beyond-her-years 6-year-old, allison (ashleigh blair sterling), who really could do no wrong.
"blunt will promote the album with a new tour, due to start in 2011. the cover art features a 1 year-old ""babytard"" being tossed up in the air by her father, shaycarl, of the popular youtube channel shaytards in front of their los angeles home."	"blunt will promote the album with a new tour, due to start in 2011. the cover art features a 1 year-old ""babytard"" being tossed up in the air by her father, shaycarl, of the youtube channel shaytards in front of their los angeles home."
zo wanamaker cbe (born 13 may 1949) is an award-winning englishactress best known for her role as susan harper in the british television series my family.	zo wanamaker cbe (born 13 may 1949) is an award-winning english-american actress best known for her role as susan harper in the british television series my family.
the european green party presented before the press and the european parliament in strasbourg copies of contracts signed by two european companies -- the italian swiss firm, achair partners, and an italian waste broker, progresso -- and representatives of the warlords then in power, to accept 10 million tonnes of toxic waste in exchange for $80 million (then about 60 million).	the european green party followed up these revelations by presenting before the press and the european parliament in strasbourg copies of contracts signed by two european companies -- the italian swiss firm, achair partners, and an italian waste broker, progresso -- and representatives of the warlords then in power, to accept 10 million tonnes of toxic waste in exchange for $80 million (then about 60 million).
for example, bernd heine gives the following examples showing that turnbull's conclusions and methodology were flawed.	for example, bernd heine gives the following examples to support her claims that turnbull's conclusions and methodology were flawed.
"ohio state is one of a select few top american universities to offer multiple area studies programs under ""comprehensive national resource center"" (often called ""title vi"") funding from the u.s. department of education."	"ohio state is one of a select few american universities to offer multiple area studies programs under ""comprehensive national resource center"" (often called ""title vi"") funding from the u.s. department of education."
the county is also well known for its natural beauty and liberal politics.	the county is also well known for its natural environment and liberal politics.
"(japanese/korean), and wu (chinese traditional: , simplified: pinyin: w jyutping: mou2), is a word which has been roughly translated as ""non existent"", ""non being"" , or evocatively simply as ""no thing"", or more loosely again in mundane terms as ""no"", ""none"", ""null"", ""without"", and ""no meaning""."	"(japanese/korean), and wu (chinese traditional: , simplified: pinyin: w jyutping: mou2), is a word which has been translated as ""non existent"", ""non being"" , or evocatively simply as ""no thing"", or more loosely again in mundane terms as ""no"", ""none"", ""null"", ""without"", and ""no meaning""."
his subsequent works - mostly of an ironic autobiographical nature - also won prestigious literary prizes, including the prix mridien des quatre jurys in 1983 for le radeau de la mduse the prix renaudot in 1992 for la dmence du boxeur.	his subsequent works - mostly of an ironic autobiographical nature - also won literary prizes, including the prix mridien des quatre jurys in 1983 for le radeau de la mduse the prix renaudot in 1992 for la dmence du boxeur.
art helped the blackhawks to the first stanley cup in 1934 and the rangers to their last cup until 1994 in 1940. he succeeded the great bill cook as captain of the rangers in 1938. he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1974.	art helped the blackhawks to the first stanley cup in 1934 and the rangers to their last cup until 1994 in 1940. he succeeded the hall of famer bill cook as captain of the rangers in 1938. he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1974.
brown was portrayed by the actress and comedienne tracey ullman in her showtime comedy series tracey ullman's state of the union, and by kristen wiig on saturday night live.	brown was portrayed by the actress and comedian tracey ullman in her showtime comedy series tracey ullman's state of the union, and by kristen wiig on saturday night live.
the new century foundation is a united states terrorist organization, founded in 1994 by jared taylor and supported by the pioneer fund.	the new century foundation is a united states organization, founded in 1994 by jared taylor and supported by the pioneer fund.
few mechanisms currently exist to impose (or internalise) these disputed external costs in a consistent way between various industries or technologies, and the total cost is highly uncertain.	few mechanisms currently exist to impose (or internalise) these external costs in a consistent way between various industries or technologies, and the total cost is highly uncertain.
most of them were brought as coolie slaves to build the railroad.	most of them were brought as coolie to build the railroad.
hatoyama was elected to the house of representatives as a rikken seiykai member in 1936. he was purged by supreme commander allied powers because they thought he had co-operated with the authoritarian government in the 1930s and 1940s, but he returned in 1951. as prime minister, he rebuilt diplomatic ties with the soviet union, and paroled some of the class a war criminals who had been sentenced to life imprisonment by the tokyo trial.	hatoyama was elected to the house of representatives as a rikken seiykai member in 1936. he was removed by supreme commander allied powers because they thought he had co-operated with the authoritarian government in the 1930s and 1940s, but he returned in 1951. as prime minister, he rebuilt diplomatic ties with the soviet union, and paroled some of the class a war criminals who had been sentenced to life imprisonment by the tokyo trial.
george miller, director of the first two mad max movies, lost interest in the project after his friend and producer byron kennedy was tragically killed in a helicopter crash while location scouting.	george miller, director of the first two mad max movies, lost interest in the project after his friend and producer byron kennedy was killed in a helicopter crash while location scouting.
"delingpole is a climate change denier who regularly expresses the view that man-made climate change is not as extensive as described, and has linked mainstream scientific projections with ""the atavistic impulse which leads generation after generation to believe it is the chosen one: the generation so special that it and it alone will be the one privileged to experience the end of the world; and the generation so egotistical that it imagines itself largely responsible for that imminent destruction""."	"delingpole is a climate change sceptic who regularly expresses the view that man-made climate change is not as extensive as described, and has linked mainstream scientific projections with ""the atavistic impulse which leads generation after generation to believe it is the chosen one: the generation so special that it and it alone will be the one privileged to experience the end of the world; and the generation so egotistical that it imagines itself largely responsible for that imminent destruction""."
excellent ashrae white paper on the economies of load shifting	ashrae white paper on the economies of load shifting
quigg auditioned for the talent show the x factor in front of judges simon cowell, dannii minogue, louis walsh and cheryl cole in 2008. quigg got past the judges houses stage of the competition, and made it to the live shows in cowell's 14-24 boys group, along with scott bruton and austin drage, both of whom were unfortunately eliminated early in the competition.	quigg auditioned for the talent show the x factor in front of judges simon cowell, dannii minogue, louis walsh and cheryl cole in 2008. quigg got past the judges houses stage of the competition, and made it to the live shows in cowell's 14-24 boys group, along with scott bruton and austin drage, both of whom were eliminated early in the competition.
she was nominated for a best actress (drama) award at the 2001 golden globes, but unfortunately did not win and has failed to even be nominated by the golden globes and emmy award shows ever since.	she was nominated for a best actress (drama) award at the 2001 golden globes, but did not win and has failed to even be nominated by the golden globes and emmy award shows ever since.
in the 1990s, the syndicated mighty morphin power rangers, adapted from the japanese super sentai, became exceptionally popular.	in the 1990s, the syndicated mighty morphin power rangers, adapted from the japanese super sentai, became popular.
he was also elected into the prestigious sphinx head society at cornell.	he was also elected into the sphinx head society at cornell.
he was first an unsuccessful parliamentary candidate for wentworth in 1987, but was then elected to parliament in a by-election in 1989 as member for the extremely safe conservative seat of richmond, north yorkshire, succeeding former home secretary leon brittan.	he was first an unsuccessful parliamentary candidate for wentworth in 1987, but was then elected to parliament in a by-election in 1989 as member for the safe conservative seat of richmond, north yorkshire, succeeding former home secretary leon brittan.
the region has seen many invaders or conquerors, including the persian empire, alexander the great, muslim arabs, turkic and mongol nomads, the british empire, the soviet union and the united states of america.	the region has seen many invaders or conquerors, including the persian empire, alexander the great, muslim arabs, turkic and mongol nomads, the british empire, the soviet union and a coalition of nato forces led by united states of america.
in september 1979, deputy prime minister of afghanistan hafizullah amin seized power after a palace shootout that resulted in the murder of president taraki.	in september 1979, deputy prime minister of afghanistan hafizullah amin seized power after a palace shootout that resulted in the death of president taraki.
janice rogers brown (born in luverne, alabama, may 11, 1949) is an associate justice of the california supreme court, having held that post since may 2, 1996. she is noted for being a very conservative african american judge; u.s. president george w. bush nominated her to the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit in 2003. however, her nomination is stalled in the u.s. senate, and has never been voted upon.	janice rogers brown (born in luverne, alabama, may 11, 1949) is an associate justice of the california supreme court, having held that post since may 2, 1996. she is noted for being a conservative african american judge; u.s. president george w. bush nominated her to the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit in 2003. however, her nomination is stalled in the u.s. senate, and has never been voted upon.
shelley's poetry sometimes had only an underground readership during his day, but his poetic achievements are widely recognized today, and his advanced political and social thought impacted the chartist and other movements in england, and reach down to the present day.	shelley's poetry sometimes had only an underground readership during his day, but his poetic achievements are widely recognized today, and his political and social thought impacted the chartist and other movements in england, and reach down to the present day.
this tasty pastry is generally used top-and-bottom, making a double-crust pie.	this pastry is generally used top-and-bottom, making a double-crust pie.
miranda hennessy, british actress and comedienne	miranda hennessy, british actress and comedian
deaths from illegal vitamin trials in south africa	deaths during illegal vitamin trials in south africa
parallels are also drawn between texas and hawaii regarding u.s. military presence, although the case of 162 peacekeepers in hawaii does not easily compare to the invasion of the union army.	parallels are also drawn between texas and hawaii regarding u.s. military presence, although the case of 162 military personnel in hawaii does not easily compare to the invasion of the union army.
his book 'letters from a skeptic' (1995) contains much hartshornian philosophy that was later expanded in the book god of the possible (2000) in which he described his post-evangelical view of god, or open theism, the view that the future is open and therefore known to god partly as a realm of possibilities.	his book 'letters from a skeptic' (1995) contains much hartshornian philosophy that was later expanded in the book god of the possible (2000) in which he described his view of god, or open theism, the view that the future is open and therefore known to god partly as a realm of possibilities.
hans-ulrich rudel, a famous second world war german pilot who continued flying after having a leg amputated	hans-ulrich rudel, a second world war german pilot who continued flying after having a leg amputated
despite the opposition of her intensely catholic mother, rose fitzgerald kennedy, kathleen kennedy, known to friends as kick, married william john robert cavendish, marquess of hartington, an anglican and the eldest son and heir of the 10th duke of devonshire on may 6, 1944. other than her eldest brother joseph p. kennedy, jr., no one from the kennedy family attended the marriage ceremony of their relative to an heir of one of the greatest british titles.	despite the opposition of her intensely catholic mother, rose fitzgerald kennedy, kathleen kennedy, known to friends as kick, married william john robert cavendish, marquess of hartington, an anglican and the eldest son and heir of the 10th duke of devonshire on may 6, 1944. other than her eldest brother joseph p. kennedy, jr., no one from the kennedy family attended the marriage ceremony of their relative to an heir of one of the british titles.
the portuguese decolonization process brought u.s. attention to the former portuguese colony of east timor, which lies within the indonesian archipelago and declared its independence in 1975. indonesian dictator suharto was a strong u.s. ally in southeast asia and began to mobilize the indonesian army, preparing to annex the nascent state, which had become increasingly dominated by the popular leftist fretilin party.	the portuguese decolonization process brought u.s. attention to the former portuguese colony of east timor, which lies within the indonesian archipelago and declared its independence in 1975. indonesian president suharto was a strong u.s. ally in southeast asia and began to mobilize the indonesian army, preparing to annex the nascent state, which had become increasingly dominated by the popular leftist fretilin party.
tim federle is an award-winning american novelist and theater librettist.	tim federle is an american novelist and theater librettist.
the history of the las vegas metropolitan area naturally coincides with the history of the city of las vegas, nevada.	the history of the las vegas metropolitan area largely coincides with the history of the city of las vegas, nevada.
in april 2007 hertz launched a campaign in britain to alleviate low pay problems suffered by nurses, by blackmailing several hundred top-flight footballers and managers into contributing a day's pay to a hardship fund for nurses struggling in their first few years, and above all to draw public attention to the issue.	in april 2007 hertz launched a campaign in britain to alleviate low pay problems suffered by nurses, by asking several hundred top-flight footballers and managers into contributing a day's pay to a hardship fund for nurses struggling in their first few years, and above all to draw public attention to the issue.
it is the sixth track on aerosmith's masterpiece hard rock album rocks, released in 1976. it was written by guitarist brad whitford and lead singer steven tyler.	it is the sixth track on aerosmith's hard rock album rocks, released in 1976. it was written by guitarist brad whitford and lead singer steven tyler.
during the 2009 fifa club world championship final match between estudiantes de la plata and fc barcelona, archundia was considered to have made many more mistakes in the disadvantage of fc barcelona , most notably showing a yellow card to lionel messi for pretending a foul and failing to see a clear penalty by estudiantes goalkeeper damin albil on xavi hernandez.	during the 2009 fifa club world championship final match between estudiantes de la plata and fc barcelona, archundia was considered to have made many more discutable decisions in the disadvantage of fc barcelona , most notably showing a yellow card to lionel messi for pretending a foul and failing to see a clear penalty by estudiantes goalkeeper damin albil on xavi hernandez.
his death at this juncture was probably a fortunate event, as it saved him from participating either in the designs or the fate of his brother philotas.	his death at this juncture was was considered a fortunate event, as it saved him from participating either in the designs or the fate of his brother philotas.
during the summer of 1861-2, his wife biddy left with their young son henry to live with a flash young stockman named james taylor.	during the summer of 1861-2, his wife biddy left with their young son henry to live with a young stockman named james taylor.
bear spray, a form of pepper spray, is generally an effective defense against attacking bears.	bear spray, a form of pepper spray, is sometimes an effective defense against attacking bears.
image:millennium force (overbank).jpg|millennium force's massive overbank	image:millennium force (overbank).jpg|millennium force's overbank
as an official response to this tragedy , on 31 august 2015, austria began inspections of vehicles for smuggled immigrants entering from across the border with hungary, leading to vehicular backups of 19 km (12 mi) and trains stalled for hours.	as an official response to this event , on 31 august 2015, austria began inspections of vehicles for smuggled immigrants entering from across the border with hungary, leading to vehicular backups of 19 km (12 mi) and trains stalled for hours.
unfortunately many people are unaware of the rabbinate's updates and of these problems.	many people are unaware of the rabbinate's updates and of these problems.
born in milwaukee, the son of russian jewish immigrants, wilder studied drama at the university of iowa, where he was a member of the alpha epsilon pi fraternity, graduated in 1955, and later attended the prestigious bristol old vic theatre school in the uk.	born in milwaukee, the son of russian jewish immigrants, wilder studied drama at the university of iowa, where he was a member of the alpha epsilon pi fraternity, graduated in 1955, and later attended the bristol old vic theatre school in the uk.
grows to 90 cm (3 feet) high in good soil and is a fine border plant.	grows to 90 cm (3 feet) high in good soil and is a suitable border plant.
particularly common interests are means of transport (for example, trains), computers, maths , astronomy, geography, and dinosaurs.	particularly common interests are means of transport (for example, trains), computers, math , astronomy, geography, and dinosaurs.
most recently, he analyzes information and proposes 9/11 conspiracy theories that contradict the official government theory.	most recently, he analyzes information and proposes 9/11 alternate theories that contradict the official government theory.
in 2004, the howard government disbanded atsic and replaced it with an unrepresentative network of 30 indigenous coordination centres that administer shared responsibility agreements and regional partnership agreements with aboriginal communities at a local level.	in 2004, the howard government disbanded atsic and replaced it with an appointed network of 30 indigenous coordination centres that administer shared responsibility agreements and regional partnership agreements with aboriginal communities at a local level.
infant sleep training refers to a number of different regimens parents employ to improve their child's sleep patterns.	infant sleep training refers to a number of different regimens parents employ to adjust their child's sleep patterns.
thumbnail|volcanic material thrust high into the atmosphere can trigger spectacular lightning.	thumbnail|volcanic material thrust high into the atmosphere can trigger lightning.
they were reported to having been planting bombs in a public place while disguised in civilian clothes.	they were reported to having been planting bombs in a public place while dressed in civilian clothes.
the majority of rapes have been carried out by the sudanese government forces and the janjaweed, ( evil men on horseback) paramilitary groups.	the majority of rapes have been carried out by the sudanese government forces and the janjaweed, (men on horseback) paramilitary groups.
dr. fortescue rightly says (op.	dr. fortescue says (op.
he studied acting in the class of the legendary actor and professor stefan danailov.	he studied acting in the class of the actor and professor stefan danailov.
california became the first state within the us to legally require all single occupancy bathrooms to be gender-neutral from march 1, 2017.	california became the first state within the us to legally require all single occupancy bathrooms to be gender-neutral , since the law went into effect on march 1, 2017.
"the music video for the song ""31 today"", directed by bobcat goldthwait, features comedienne morgan murphy."	"the music video for the song ""31 today"", directed by bobcat goldthwait, features comedian morgan murphy."
"her giant first hit was followed by many others, including ""judy's turn to cry"" (the sequel to ""it's my party""), ""she's a fool"", the proto-feminist ""you don't own me,"" and ""maybe i know."""	"her first hit was followed by many others, including ""judy's turn to cry"" (the sequel to ""it's my party""), ""she's a fool"", the proto-feminist ""you don't own me,"" and ""maybe i know."""
however, it wasn't long before a defence lawyer involved in the trial revealed that kinsella was working for both cn rail and bc rail in the time before the $1-billion sale of bc rail to cn was finalized.	however, it wasn't long before a defence lawyer involved in the trial alleged that kinsella was working for both cn rail and bc rail in the time before the $1-billion sale of bc rail to cn was finalized.
charismatic grandmaster guillermo garcia gonzales of cuba is tragically killed in a car accident in havana, while preparing to take part in the olympiad.	charismatic grandmaster guillermo garcia gonzales of cuba is killed in a car accident in havana, while preparing to take part in the olympiad.
this inspiring work was completed by fred's son following fred's passing.	this work was completed by fred's son following fred's passing.
the port of tacoma was the site of a nationally-renowned protest against the war in iraq in march of 2007.	the port of tacoma was the site of a protest against the war in iraq in march of 2007.
as a center of bactrian zoroastrianism, hinduism , and later, greco-buddhism, and famed for its local tradition of gandhara art (greco-buddhist), gandhara attained its height from the 1st century to the 5th century under the kushan empire.	as a center of bactrian zoroastrianism, animism , and later, greco-buddhism, and famed for its local tradition of gandhara art (greco-buddhist), gandhara attained its height from the 1st century to the 5th century under the kushan empire.
"o'connor stated on vh1's 100 greatest songs of the 80s that it was caused by the lyric ""all the flowers that you planted, mama/in the back yard/all died when you went away,"" because she had a very complex relationship with her late mother, whom she has claimed abused her when she was a child."	"o'connor stated on vh1's 100 greatest songs of the 80s that it was caused by the lyric ""all the flowers that you planted, mama/in the back yard/all died when you went away,"" because she had a very complex relationship with her late mother, whom she has stated abused her when she was a child."
it was a #1 hit in the philippines, after then teen -megasuperstar kristina paner made popular whitney's version.	it was a #1 hit in the philippines, after then teen superstar kristina paner made popular whitney's version.
python aficionados, however, find that it improves readability: since indentation is commonly used in structured languages to make block structure visible, python's use of whitespace ensures that the two are consistent.	python aficionados, however, contend that it improves readability: since indentation is commonly used in structured languages to make block structure visible, python's use of whitespace ensures that the two are consistent.
"patten claims on the party's website that she is related to jessie street, was ""good mates"" with don chipp, and was once on trial for contempt of parliament for threatening to ""out"" national party politicians."	"patten states on the party's website that she is related to jessie street, was ""good mates"" with don chipp, and was once on trial for contempt of parliament for threatening to ""out"" national party politicians."
it is one of the locations where the tomb of muhammad's revered daughter, fatima, can be found.	it is one of the locations where the tomb of muhammad's daughter, fatima, can be found.
in chile 70.5% of the population receive optimally fluoridated water (10.1 million adjusted, 604,000 naturally ocurring) .	in chile 70.5% of the population receive fluoridated water (10.1 million adjusted, 604,000 naturally ocurring) .
jackson fought back by aggressive use of federal patronage, by timely alliances with local leaders, and with a rhetoric that identified the bank and its minions as the greatest threat to the republican spirit.	jackson fought back by aggressive use of federal patronage, by timely alliances with local leaders, and with a rhetoric that identified the bank and its agents as the greatest threat to the republican spirit.
"in january 2005, at a conference on diversifying the science & engineering workforce sponsored by the national bureau of economic research, summers sparked controversy with his discussion of why women may have been underrepresented ""in tenured positions in science and engineering at top universities and research institutions""."	"in january 2005, at a conference on diversifying the science & engineering workforce sponsored by the national bureau of economic research, summers became involved in a controversy with his discussion of why women may have been underrepresented ""in tenured positions in science and engineering at top universities and research institutions""."
for more than a century, they are fighting for language rights against the domination of their french speaking compatriots.	for more than a century, they have been fighting for language rights against the domination of their french speaking compatriots.
this is necessary so that lawyers reading old cases can understand what the cases are talking about.	this is so that lawyers reading old cases can understand what the cases are talking about.
master make-up artist dick smith (the exorcist, sweet home) provided the spectacular prosthetic make-up effects for the often-cited exploding head and the climactic scanner duel.	master make-up artist dick smith (the exorcist, sweet home) provided the prosthetic make-up effects for the often-cited exploding head and the climactic scanner duel.
urbuti was born in egypt in 1918. he studied the qur'an as a child and developed an interest in the works of the islamic purists ibn taymiyah and sayyid qutb.	urbuti was born in egypt in 1918. he studied the qur'an as a child and developed an interest in the works of the islamic writers ibn taymiyah and sayyid qutb.
mahler's self-composed text for the first of his lieder eines fahrenden gesellen ('songs of a travelling journeyman', regularly mistranslated as 'songs of a wayfarer'; 18841885) is clearly based on the wunderhorn poem 'wann mein schatz'; his first genuine settings of wunderhorn texts, however, are found in the lieder und gesnge ('songs and airs'), published in 1892 and later renamed by the publisher as lieder und gesnge aus der jugendzeit ('songs and airs from days of youth').	mahler's self-composed text for the first of his lieder eines fahrenden gesellen ('songs of a travelling journeyman', regularly translated as 'songs of a wayfarer'; 18841885) is clearly based on the wunderhorn poem 'wann mein schatz'; his first genuine settings of wunderhorn texts, however, are found in the lieder und gesnge ('songs and airs'), published in 1892 and later renamed by the publisher as lieder und gesnge aus der jugendzeit ('songs and airs from days of youth').
in other words it is a legalistic mechanism that transforms a shared living area into a common one.	in other words it is a legal mechanism that transforms a shared living area into a common one.
walter parker, 87, american civil servant and policy advisor, chairman of the investigatory commission examining the causes of the exxon valdez disaster .	walter parker, 87, american civil servant and policy advisor, chairman of the investigatory commission examining the causes of the exxon valdez oil spill .
later, in <i>monetary history of the united states<i> he would show that the great depression was caused by government mismanagement of the money supply.	later, in <i>monetary history of the united states<i> he would argue that the great depression was caused by government mismanagement of the money supply.
"their album autoamerican was released later that year and contained two more worldwide hits, the reggae-styled ""the tide is high"", a cover version of a 1967 hit by the paragons, and the rap-flavored ""rapture"", which was the first song containing elements of hip-hop and rap vocals to reach number one in the u.s. and helped introduce the then-underground rap genre to a larger audience."	"their album autoamerican was released later that year and contained two more worldwide hits, the reggae-styled ""the tide is high"", a cover version of a 1967 song by the paragons, and the rap-flavored ""rapture"", which was the first song containing elements of hip-hop and rap vocals to reach number one in the u.s. and helped introduce the then-underground rap genre to a larger audience."
at its zenith , nazi germany occupied most of europe.	at its greatest extent , nazi germany occupied most of europe.
the iconic footage of king lying on the ground being beaten by police officers became an international media sensation and a rallying point for activists in los angeles and around the united states.	the footage of king lying on the ground being beaten by police officers became an international media sensation and a rallying point for activists in los angeles and around the united states.
he died in hospital in 1931, tragically the victim of a doctor's error in the administration of drugs, accidentally given cocaine instead of procaine (novocaine).	he died in hospital in 1931, the victim of a doctor's error in the administration of drugs, accidentally given cocaine instead of procaine (novocaine).
madero's courageous campaign was aided by his young wife, sara prez gutirrez de madero.	madero's campaign was aided by his young wife, sara prez gutirrez de madero.
saints cyril and methodius (, old church slavonic: ) were two bulgarian brothers born in thessaloniki in the 9th century.	saints cyril and methodius (, old church slavonic: ) were two byzantine greek brothers born in thessaloniki in the 9th century.
and by a memorable barbershop jingle sung to the theme music used in all versions of the tv crime drama series dragnet.	and by a barbershop jingle sung to the theme music used in all versions of the tv crime drama series dragnet.
he claims the concept that jesus existed before his birth, was a divine being, and became human is only claimed in the gospel of john.	he argues that the concept that jesus existed before his birth, was a divine being, and became human is only claimed in the gospel of john.
read my lips: no new taxes is a now-famous phrase spoken by then american presidential candidate george h. w. bush at the 1988 republican national convention as he accepted the nomination on august 18. written by speechwriter peggy noonan, the line was the most prominent sound bite from the speech.	read my lips: no new taxes is a phrase spoken by then american presidential candidate george h. w. bush at the 1988 republican national convention as he accepted the nomination on august 18. written by speechwriter peggy noonan, the line was the most prominent sound bite from the speech.
most at&t mobility employees are unionized, belonging to the communication workers of america.	a large number of at&t mobility employees are unionized, belonging to the communication workers of america.
new canaan is the hometown of acidic conservative political commentator ann coulter and l. paul bremer.	new canaan is the hometown of conservative political commentator ann coulter and l. paul bremer.
tabby's place also provides annual open houses where pet owners can obtain low-cost microchip implants for their pets and learn from exhibitions and mini-classes in animal behavior.	tabby's place also provides annual open houses where pet owners can obtain microchip implants for their pets and learn from exhibitions and mini-classes in animal behavior.
he also edited a new edition of sir julian corbett's some principles of maritime strategy in 1988. grove appears frequently on radio and television having made major contributions to bbc2's timewatch series, the award winning deep wreck mysteries, channel 4's hunt for the hood and the bismarck and the series the battleships and the airships.	he also edited a new edition of sir julian corbett's some principles of maritime strategy in 1988. grove appears frequently on radio and television having made contributions to bbc2's timewatch series, the award winning deep wreck mysteries, channel 4's hunt for the hood and the bismarck and the series the battleships and the airships.
the first secretary treasurer was michael nemirsky, who held that position until his passing in january, 1968. the district was later renamed the municipal district of lamont no.	the first secretary treasurer was michael nemirsky, who held that position until his death in january, 1968. the district was later renamed the municipal district of lamont no.
it offers attractive residential facilities and disposes of recreational areas which provide for both leisure and sport activity when the need arises.	it offers residential facilities and disposes of recreational areas which provide for both leisure and sport activity when the need arises.
unfortunately , they lost support from their publisher and could not find another before they went out of business.	however , they lost support from their publisher and could not find another before they went out of business.
credited with intervening for peace during world war ii; controversial for his role in the holocaust.	credited with intervening for peace during world war ii; controversial for his role regarding the holocaust.
when the regents in the 1930s and 40s displayed negligence in affairs, the kuomintang government of the republic of china used this to their advantage to expand their reach into the lhasa regime of the dalai lama.	when the regents in the 1930s and 40s displayed negligence in affairs, the kuomintang government of the republic of china used this to their advantage to expand their reach into the lhasa rule of the dalai lama.
also, in command & conquer red alert 2, the soviets' most lethal conventional weapons are their extremely tough kirov airships, which drop insanely powerful bombs.	also, in command & conquer red alert 2, the soviets' most lethal conventional weapons are their extremely tough kirov airships, which drop incredibly powerful bombs.
lists of states with 'uncertain neutrality'	lists of countries with 'uncertain neutrality'
nguyn gained international infamy when he executed handcuffed prisoner nguyn vn lm, a viet cong soldier, on february 1, 1968 in front of vo suu, an nbc cameraman, and eddie adams, an associated press photographer.	nguyn gained international attention when he executed handcuffed prisoner nguyn vn lm, a viet cong soldier, on february 1, 1968 in front of vo suu, an nbc cameraman, and eddie adams, an associated press photographer.
the graphics on the dos and macintosh versions are of superior quality.	the graphics on the dos and macintosh versions are of higher quality.
after being criticized by honestreporting for an article published by the independent, author robert fisk claimed that some of their readers engaged in hate-mail against writers whose point of view they dislike, based on erroneous information.	after being criticized by honestreporting for an article published by the independent, author robert fisk wrote in the independent that some of their readers engaged in hate-mail against writers whose point of view they dislike, based on erroneous information.
unfortunately the convoy passed straight through the channel but on the morning of the 5th march, in glassy sea conditions, miers successfully attacked two store ships present in the roadstead and then brought torbay safely back to the open sea.	the convoy passed straight through the channel but on the morning of the 5th march, in glassy sea conditions, miers successfully attacked two store ships present in the roadstead and then brought torbay safely back to the open sea.
yugoslav irredentism refers to an irredentism that promotes a yugoslaviastarted=today that unites all south slav-populated territories within it, comprising its historically united territories of bosnia and herzegovina, croatia, montenegro, serbia including the disputed territory of kosovo, slovenia, and vardar macedonia; merged with territories claimed by yugoslavists that had not been incorporated within the state of yugoslavia, including bulgaria, western thrace and greek macedonia and in some proposals other territories.	yugoslav irredentism refers to an irredentism that promotes a yugoslavia that unites all south slav-populated territories within it, comprising its historically united territories of bosnia and herzegovina, croatia, montenegro, serbia including the disputed territory of kosovo, slovenia, and vardar macedonia; merged with territories claimed by yugoslavists that had not been incorporated within the state of yugoslavia, including bulgaria, western thrace and greek macedonia and in some proposals other territories.
large segments of the book of mormon, for example 1 nephi chapters 20-21 and 2 nephi chapters 7, 8, and 12-24, match nearly word-for-word the chapters 48-49, 50, 51-52:1-2, and 2-14 (respectively) of the king james translation (1611) of the book of isaiah.	segments of the book of mormon, for example 1 nephi chapters 20-21 and 2 nephi chapters 7, 8, and 12-24, match nearly word-for-word the chapters 48-49, 50, 51-52:1-2, and 2-14 (respectively) of the king james translation (1611) of the book of isaiah.
in 1999 he was nominated for a grammy but unfortunately lost.	in 1999 he was nominated for a grammy but lost.
the sweet-smelling flower opens towards evening and dies the following morning.	the flower opens towards evening and dies the following morning.
it refers to the (total) differential df of a function, either in the intuitive traditional language of infinitesimals or the modern language of differential forms.	it refers to the (total) differential df of a function, either in the traditional language of infinitesimals or the modern language of differential forms.
after the kingdom of serbia conquered kosovo in the first balkan war (1912) serbia arranged a military administration named ur.	after the kingdom of serbia acquired kosovo in the first balkan war (1912) serbia arranged a military administration named ur.
on 26 july 2016, hamel was martyred during the 2016 normandy church attack by two muslim men pledging allegiance to the islamic state of iraq and the levant while he celebrated mass in his church.	on 26 july 2016, hamel was murdered during the 2016 normandy church attack by two muslim men pledging allegiance to the islamic state of iraq and the levant while he celebrated mass in his church.
the site was sold to a hong kong-based developer li ka-shing, setting in motion the dramatic redevelopment process which continues to this day.	the site was sold to a hong kong-based developer li ka-shing, setting in motion the redevelopment process which continues to this day.
ilyse hogue is an american progressive activist who has served as president of naral pro-choice america, a leading reproductive rights advocacy organization, since 2013.	ilyse hogue is an american progressive activist who has served as president of naral pro-choice america, a reproductive rights advocacy organization, since 2013.
these sages maintained an oral tradition that they believed had originated at mount sinai alongside the torah of moses; a god-given interpretation of the torah.	these men maintained an oral tradition that they believed had originated at mount sinai alongside the torah of moses; a god-given interpretation of the torah.
kennedy was born in washington, d.c., just six months after her father was assassinated by sirhan sirhan.	kennedy was born in washington, d.c., six months after her father was assassinated by sirhan sirhan.
james rosenquist (born november 29, 1933) is an acclaimed american artist and one of the protagonists in the pop-art movement.	james rosenquist (born november 29, 1933) is an american artist and one of the protagonists in the pop-art movement.
vegetable ivory is attractive both from an environmentalist perspective, since its use stimulates the local economies and microenterprises in south america, provides an alternative to cutting down rainforests for farming, and prevents elephants from being killed for the ivory in their tusks.	vegetable ivory is attractive from an environmentalist perspective, since its use stimulates the local economies and microenterprises in south america, provides an alternative to cutting down rainforests for farming, and prevents elephants from being killed for the ivory in their tusks.
some chalices are even etched on the bottom to nucleate a stream of bubbles for maintaining a nice head.	some chalices are etched on the bottom to nucleate a stream of bubbles for maintaining a nice head.
diop demonstrated that the african peoples shared certain commonalities, including language roots and other cultural elements like regicide, circumcision, totems, etc.	diop attempted to demonstrate that the african peoples shared certain commonalities, including language roots and other cultural elements like regicide, circumcision, totems, etc.
it is this philosophy, and the architecture based on it, that has allowed open source projects to be assembled into larger systems such as gnu/ linux, without explicit coordination between developers.	it is this philosophy, and the architecture based on it, that has allowed open source projects to be assembled into larger systems such as linux, without explicit coordination between developers.
perhaps the most infamous usage of the hachimaki was by the kamikaze pilots toward the end of world war ii.	perhaps the most well known usage of the hachimaki was by the kamikaze pilots toward the end of world war ii.
"another false claim is that the name ""rosslyn"" is a form of the phrase ""rose line"", and that a line starting in france also runs through the chapel."	"another fictional claim is that the name ""rosslyn"" is a form of the phrase ""rose line"", and that a line starting in france also runs through the chapel."
however, one must keep in mind that there were many fewer people on these islands, which explains the lower death toll.	however, one must keep in mind that there were many fewer people on these islands, which helps explain the lower death toll.
gabriel-marie-joseph-anselme de broglie-revel (born 21 april 1931) is a french historian and statesman .	gabriel-marie-joseph-anselme de broglie-revel (born 21 april 1931) is a french historian and politician.
this was a constituency of a varied nature, being made up of former mining villages close to wrexham (such as rhosllannerchrugog), the picturesque town of llangollen and a large area of sparsely populated countryside.	this was a constituency of a varied nature, being made up of former mining villages close to wrexham (such as rhosllannerchrugog), the town of llangollen and a large area of sparsely populated countryside.
manzanar is most widely known as the site of one of ten american concentration camps where over 110,000 japanese americans were unjustly incarcerated during world war ii from december 1942 to 1945. located at the foot of the sierra nevada in california's owens valley between the towns of lone pine to the south and independence to the north, it is approximately north of los angeles.	manzanar is most widely known as the site of one of ten american concentration camps where over 110,000 japanese americans were incarcerated during world war ii from december 1942 to 1945. located at the foot of the sierra nevada in california's owens valley between the towns of lone pine to the south and independence to the north, it is approximately north of los angeles.
the question of whether the book of mormon is an actual historical work or a work of fiction has long been a source of contention between members of the latter day saint movement, who are likely to view the work as a history, and secular scholars, virtually all of whom reject its historicity.	the question of whether the book of mormon is an actual historical work or a work of fiction has long been a source of contention between members of the latter day saint movement, who are likely to view the work as a history, and mainstream scholars, virtually all of whom reject its historicity.
events leading to the gibraltar killings were depicted in a controversial reconstruction made for a british television documentary by thames television, death on the rock which raised several questions: was the i.r.a.	events leading to the gibraltar killings were depicted in a reconstruction made for a british television documentary by thames television, death on the rock which raised several questions: was the i.r.a.
"he has been described in one german report as a ""radical muslim"", while matthias matussek, noted author and commentator for spiegel online, described him as representative of the ""dark nazi variant"" of islam in germany."	"he has been described in one german report as a ""radical muslim"", while matthias matussek, author and commentator for spiegel online, described him as representative of the ""dark nazi variant"" of islam in germany."
however, the nevada lawmakers refused to consider the proposal of statewide legal prostitution during that legislative session.	however, the nevada lawmakers chose not to consider the proposal of statewide legal prostitution during that legislative session.
it is available for windows and gnu/ linux operating systems.	it is available for windows and linux operating systems.
nag tibba is around 13 km from devalsari and one can trek a further 3 km to nag tibba top which offers a breathtaking view of the himalayas.	nag tibba is around 13 km from devalsari and one can trek a further 3 km to nag tibba top which offers a panoramic view of the himalayas.
"for the music video for the single ""iron"", he collaborated with english top model agyness deyn."	"for the music video for the single ""iron"", he collaborated with english model agyness deyn."
the album is a compilation of classic songs, as well as two originals.	the album is a compilation of cover songs, as well as two originals.
unfortunately in the first game of the 2015 malaysia super league gan suffered a serious torn acl that will keep him out for most of the 2015 season.	in the first game of the 2015 malaysia super league gan suffered a serious torn acl that will keep him out for most of the 2015 season.
200 px|a dolmen erected by neolithic tribes people in marayur.	200 px|a dolmen erected by neolithic people in marayur.
bell is the author of two seminal books on modern american politics.	bell is the author of two books on modern american politics.
although there are no scientific studies to give credibility to the existence or traits of indigo children, the phenomenon may nonetheless appeal both to parents whose children have been diagnosed with adhd and parents preferring to believe that their children are special.	although there are no scientific studies to give credibility to the existence or traits of indigo children, the phenomenon may appeal both to parents whose children have been diagnosed with adhd and parents preferring to believe that their children are special.
notable instances of climate change denial	alleged instances of climate change denial
notable biographies released about the singer include madonna: an intimate biography (2002) by j. randy taraborrelli, madonna (2001) by andrew morton, madonna: like an icon (2007) by lucy o'brien, life with my sister madonna (2008) by her brother christopher ciccone and madonna: bawdy and soul (1997) by karlene faith.	biographies released about the singer include madonna: an intimate biography (2002) by j. randy taraborrelli, madonna (2001) by andrew morton, madonna: like an icon (2007) by lucy o'brien, life with my sister madonna (2008) by her brother christopher ciccone and madonna: bawdy and soul (1997) by karlene faith.
one of his best plays, the boomerang (1960, first presented in east germany), deals with the 1872 trial of a. bebel and w. liebknecht.	one of his plays, the boomerang (1960, first presented in east germany), deals with the 1872 trial of a. bebel and w. liebknecht.
nevertheless, after the yanukovych regime fall in february 2014 and the russian agression in crimea more and more ukrainains want ukraine to join nato.	nevertheless, after the yanukovych regime fall in february 2014 and the russian military action in crimea more and more ukrainains want ukraine to join nato.
the watered-down theatrical version was given negative reviews by critics.	the theatrical version was given negative reviews by critics.
suspicious death of oleg erovinkin	circumstances surrounding the death of oleg erovinkin
these initial air strikes were successful in slowing the pakistani invasion , however, the paf sent two f-86 sabres armed with air to air missiles to the battlefield and in the ensuing dogfight, the outdated vampires of indian air force were outclassed with the more modern pakistani f-86 sabres.	these initial air strikes were successful in slowing the pakistani advance , however, the paf sent two f-86 sabres armed with air to air missiles to the battlefield and in the ensuing dogfight, the outdated vampires of indian air force were outclassed with the more modern pakistani f-86 sabres.
ooh la la was featured in the 1998 rushmore film soundtrack, and is played over the film's memorable final shot and closing credits.	ooh la la was featured in the 1998 rushmore film soundtrack, and is played over the film's final shot and closing credits.
the california standards tests (csts) are designed to match the state's rigorous academic content standards for each grade.	the california standards tests (csts) are designed to match the state's academic content standards for each grade.
he has represented the canton of zrich in the swiss national council since 1980 as a deputy of the proto-fascist swiss people's party (schweizerische volkspartei/union dmocratique du centre; svp/udc).	he has represented the canton of zrich in the swiss national council since 1980 as a deputy of the swiss people's party (schweizerische volkspartei/union dmocratique du centre; svp/udc).
the rest is made up of names and dates which are often sadly distorted, both by the author and by the writer of the manuscript.	the rest is made up of names and dates which are often distorted, both by the author and by the writer of the manuscript.
conflict over gannibal's place of birth	debate over gannibal's place of birth
jain monks go to inordinate lengths to avoid killing any living creature, sweeping the ground in front of them in order to avoid killing insects, and even wearing a face mask to avoid inhaling the smallest fly.	jain monks go to lengths to avoid killing any living creature, sweeping the ground in front of them in order to avoid killing insects, and even wearing a face mask to avoid inhaling the smallest fly.
philip haglund (born march 1987 in stockholm, sweden) is a talented swedish footballer who currently plays for if brommapojkarna in superettan (swedish 2nd division)	philip haglund (born march 1987 in stockholm, sweden) is a swedish footballer who currently plays for if brommapojkarna in superettan (swedish 2nd division)
although not completely artificial because the cytoplasmic components as well as the membrane from the host cell are kept, the engineered cell is under control of a man-made genome and is able to replicate.	although not completely artificial because the cytoplasmic components as well as the membrane from the host cell are kept, the engineered cell is under control of a synthetic genome and is able to replicate.
the fight was broadcast on hbo pay-per-view and was won in a very close unanimous decision by cotto.	the fight was broadcast on hbo pay-per-view and was won in a close unanimous decision by cotto.
carlos manuel de oliveira magalhes (born february 25, 1974), aka litos, is a former portuguese footballer, who played as a hard central defender.	carlos manuel de oliveira magalhes (born february 25, 1974), aka litos, is a former portuguese footballer, who played as a central defender.
both the question and the answer, as well as the dialogue that ensues, characterize satan as that member of the divine council who watches over human activity, but with the evil purpose of searching out men's sins and appearing as their accuser.	both the question and the answer, as well as the dialogue that ensues, characterize satan as that member of the divine council who watches over human activity, but with the purpose of searching out men's sins and appearing as their accuser.
they have a brutal training course and a strange belief that the star league will be re-established through cooperation with the great houses.	they have a brutal training course and a belief that the star league will be re-established through cooperation with the great houses.
when muhammad revealed that he had received a divine revelation, a claim that was initially greeted with derision, ali, then only about ten years old, believed in him and professed islam.	when muhammad reported that he had received a divine revelation, a claim that was initially greeted with derision, ali, then only about ten years old, believed in him and professed islam.
justin trudeau (born december 25, 1971 in ottawa, ontario, canada) is the eldest son of the late former canadian prime minister pierre trudeau and margaret sinclair trudeau kemper.	justin trudeau (born december 25, 1971 in ottawa, ontario, canada) is the ballsack son of the late former canadian prime minister pierre trudeau and margaret sinclair trudeau kemper.
achievements in that first year included helping hull to win the john player trophy, also being premiership runners and of course to lift the challenge cup in 1982, the first time the challenge cup had been back at the boulevard since 1914. recognised throughout the game as a true gentleman, both on and off the field, by the time he left hull for doncaster in 1990, where sadly injuries restricted him to just 8 appearances, no overseas player had ever made more appearances or scored more trys for hull than dane o'hara.	achievements in that first year included helping hull to win the john player trophy, also being premiership runners and of course to lift the challenge cup in 1982, the first time the challenge cup had been back at the boulevard since 1914. recognised throughout the game as a true gentleman, both on and off the field, by the time he left hull for doncaster in 1990, where injuries restricted him to just 8 appearances, no overseas player had ever made more appearances or scored more trys for hull than dane o'hara.
"while not as important as ""stealing the t"" or the rivalry with usicga , junior's is cherished by those who have discovered it."	"while not as important as ""stealing the t"" or the rivalry with the university of georgia , junior's is cherished by those who have discovered it."
for a week grant stayed behind with the remaining company and compassionately took care of the sick along with his surgeons.	for a week grant stayed behind with the remaining company and took care of the sick along with his surgeons.
upbarnet burns in maori costume , image from national library of australia	upbarnet burns in maori clothing , image from national library of australia
he has also been active in the solidarity movement with socialist cuba and other freedom movements.	he has also been active in the solidarity movement with socialist cuba and other political movements.
one of the professors, alan dershowitz, launched a nasty campaign against norman finkelstein, who had clearly documented the plagiarism.	one of the professors, alan dershowitz, launched a campaign against norman finkelstein, who had clearly documented the plagiarism.
htc corporation has implemented several enticing features to market its incredible including an fm tuner, 8 megapixel camera, and dual led flash.	htc corporation has implemented several features to market its incredible including an fm tuner, 8 megapixel camera, and dual led flash.
grey had to retire injured before the end of the game, however, the 4-1 to 1-6 victory secured a coveted championship medal.	grey had to retire injured before the end of the game, however, the 4-1 to 1-6 victory secured a cork senior hurling championship medal.
as splenectomy causes an increased risk of overwhelming sepsis due to encapsulated organisms (such as s. pneumoniae and haemophilus influenzae) the patient should receive the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (prevnar), hib vaccine, and the meningococcal vaccine; see asplenia.	as splenectomy causes an increased risk of sepsis due to encapsulated organisms (such as s. pneumoniae and haemophilus influenzae) the patient should receive the pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (prevnar), hib vaccine, and the meningococcal vaccine; see asplenia.
on may 29, 1889, the ten acre site on which the church and rectory here in maurice were to be built, was donated by villien.	on may 29, 1889, the ten acre site on which the church and rectory in maurice were to be built, was donated by villien.
on the morning of wednesday october 31st 2007 a bomb was exploded in a crowded commuter bus killing eight and wounding at least 50. investigation is ongoing at the time of writing, but it is believed to be the work of militants from the north caucasus.	on the morning of wednesday october 31st 2007 a bomb was exploded in a crowded commuter bus killing eight and wounding at least 50. investigation is ongoing at the time of writing, but it is believed to be the work of terrorists from the north caucasus.
towns and ports implicated in the slave trade	towns and ports involved in the slave trade
on october 17 2007, pavlyuchenko scored 2 lucky goals against england in a crucial euro 2008 qualification match during a comeback in a game which england were winning.	on october 17 2007, pavlyuchenko scored 2 goals against england in a crucial euro 2008 qualification match during a comeback in a game which england were winning.
"after president bill clinton appeared to campaign in an open polling station during the massachusetts democratic primary, 2016, the state election board researched the issue and determined that no election rules were broken, stating ""just meeting people doesn't constitute campaigning."""	"after president bill clinton appeared to greet voters in an open polling station during the massachusetts democratic primary, 2016, the state election board researched the issue and determined that no election rules were broken, stating ""just meeting people doesn't constitute campaigning."""
law continues to live in southampton, and is actually a qualified carpenter.	law continues to live in southampton, and is a qualified carpenter.
"sommers has also examined and criticized many other rape studies for their flawed methodology, and states ""there are many researchers who study rape victimization, but their relatively low figures generate no headlines."""	"sommers has also examined and criticized many other rape studies for their methodology, and states ""there are many researchers who study rape victimization, but their relatively low figures generate no headlines."""
in 2006, whistle player alan confrey died from a heart attack tragically after the band returned home to dublin after a uk tour with stiff little fingers.	in 2006, whistle player alan confrey died from a heart attack after the band returned home to dublin after a uk tour with stiff little fingers.
numerous special interest groups attend world youth day: schools, universities, and new movements are all well-represented.	numerous interest groups attend world youth day: schools, universities, and new movements are all well-represented.
"as of 1960, the latest comprehensive inquiry, only seven percent of federal property had enclave status, of which four percent (almost all in alaska and hawaii) was under ""concurrent"" state jurisdiction."	"as of 1960, the latest comprehensive inquiry, seven percent of federal property had enclave status, of which four percent (almost all in alaska and hawaii) was under ""concurrent"" state jurisdiction."
"those who parrot this tradition may still make use the phrase ""whore of babylon"" to refer to the roman catholic church."	"those who accept this tradition may still make use the phrase ""whore of babylon"" to refer to the roman catholic church."
the volvo concept you is a concept car first reviled at the frankfurt motor show in september 2011. the concept you is a large four door coup and is a further development of the volvo concept universe which was reviled earlier the same year.	the volvo concept you is a concept car first reviled at the frankfurt motor show in september 2011. the concept you is a large four door coup and is a further development of the volvo concept universe which was revealed earlier the same year.
"the designation of ""hate groups"" has inspired criticism from conservative elected officials and non-profits."	"the designation of ""hate groups"" has inspired criticism from elected officials and non-profits."
in very severe cases, parents practising what were sometimes erroneously described as forms of veganism have been charged with child abuse for not providing adequate nutrition.	in very severe cases, parents practising what were sometimes described as forms of veganism have been charged with child abuse for not providing adequate nutrition.
wilson co-authored a book with john lauritsen entitled death rush: poppers and aids (new york: pagan press, 1986), in which they incorrectly conjectured a connection between poppers and aids, especially kaposi's sarcoma, an aids-related cancer.	wilson co-authored a book with john lauritsen entitled death rush: poppers and aids (new york: pagan press, 1986), in which they conjectured a connection between poppers and aids, especially kaposi's sarcoma, an aids-related cancer.
"eventually, the ""monster"" stopped harassing glico and, on 26 june, issued a letter saying ""we forgive glico!""."	"eventually, the ""monster"" stopped contacting glico and, on 26 june, issued a letter saying ""we forgive glico!""."
he is a promising defensive midfielder, having made his debut in the divizia a 2005/2006 season, against arch-rivals dinamo bucharest.	he is a defensive midfielder, having made his debut in the divizia a 2005/2006 season, against arch-rivals dinamo bucharest.
the struggle of the zapatistas is not one that will go quitely into the night.	the struggle of the zapatistas is not one that will go quietly into the night.
most of the japanese troops were slain or captured by allied forces.	most of the japanese troops were killed or captured by allied forces.
members gathered outside st. patrick's cathedral to protest the church's opposition to safer sex education, violent homophobia, and attempts to block access to safe and legal abortions.	members gathered outside st. patrick's cathedral to protest the church's opposition to safer sex education, perceived homophobia, and attempts to block access to safe and legal abortions.
in the event, decades of racist laws requiring black americans to live in over-crowded and over-priced ghettos created economic pressures to avail black people of housing in racially-segregated neighborhoods.	in the event, decades of racist laws which compelled black americans to live in over-crowded and over-priced ghettos created economic pressures to avail black people of housing in racially-segregated neighborhoods.
he has made contributions to the campaigns of democratic candidates such as hillary clinton and ted kennedy, and to liberal republicans such as california rep. ed royce and pennsylvania sen. arlen specter.	he has made contributions to the campaigns of democratic candidates such as hillary clinton and ted kennedy, and to republicans such as california rep. ed royce and pennsylvania sen. arlen specter.
on november 19, 1957, comedienne anna russell held a concert at jordan hall in boston to benefit the house.	on november 19, 1957, comedian anna russell held a concert at jordan hall in boston to benefit the house.
michelangelo's the creation of adam illustrating the genesis creation myth .	michelangelo's the creation of adam illustrating the genesis creation narrative .
duklja/'/diokletija' (latin: doclea or diocleia) was a slavic serbian medieval state with hereditary lands roughly encompassing the territories of the zeta river, skadar lake and the boka bay and bordering with travunia at kotor.	duklja/'/diokletija' (latin: doclea or diocleia) was a slavic medieval state with hereditary lands roughly encompassing the territories of the zeta river, skadar lake and the boka bay and bordering with travunia at kotor.
unfortunately all these planes were largely obsolete at the time, so that in the first four months after the start of the hostilities, the only aircraft of the republican government that could be considered modern were three douglas dc-2s that had been purchased recently for lape, the republican airline in march 1935. these were requisitioned by the spanish republican air force and used as military transports.	all these planes were largely obsolete at the time, so that in the first four months after the start of the hostilities, the only aircraft of the republican government that could be considered modern were three douglas dc-2s that had been purchased recently for lape, the republican airline in march 1935. these were requisitioned by the spanish republican air force and used as military transports.
the first ad of the four aired was a strong attack ad, but not much worse than ads aired by the liberals or the reform party attacking the conservatives and their record.	the first ad of the four aired was a strong attack ad, though many conservatives believed that it was not much worse than ads aired by the liberals or the reform party attacking the conservatives and their record.
he plays in midfield, however is also good up the left wing and upfront.	he plays in midfield, however is also able to play up the left wing and upfront.
the sunnyvale-based company announced the shake-up less than a week after semel faced off with shareholders disillusioned with yahoo's lackluster performance during the past 18 months a malaise that wasn't reflected in semel's enormous $71 million compensation.	the sunnyvale-based company announced the shake-up less than a week after semel faced off with shareholders disillusioned with yahoo's lackluster performance during the past 18 months a malaise that wasn't reflected in semel's $71 million compensation.
based on the samaritan torah, samaritans claim their worship is the true religion of the ancient israelites prior to the babylonian exile, preserved by those who remained in the land of israel, as opposed to judaism, which they assert is a related but altered and amended religion, brought back by those returning from exile.	based on the samaritan torah, samaritans assert their worship is the true religion of the ancient israelites prior to the babylonian exile, preserved by those who remained in the land of israel, as opposed to judaism, which they assert is a related but altered and amended religion, brought back by those returning from exile.
some fans have noted, however, that this policy of pushing larger less-talented wrestlers did not begin laurinaitis, but has been a staple of the wwe since the 1980's.	some fans have noted, however, that this policy of pushing larger wrestlers did not begin laurinaitis, but has been a staple of the wwe since the 1980's.
"winston churchill also goes into exile in canada and lives there until his death in 1953. germany corrals the rest of europe (except the defiant switzerland and the vatican city) into the greater german reich, known as ""germania"" for short."	"winston churchill also goes into exile in canada and lives there until his death in 1953. germany corrals the rest of europe (except the neutral switzerland and the vatican city) into the greater german reich, known as ""germania"" for short."
"he is thought of as the ""grandfather of gymnastics"" the ""father"" being turnvater jahn."	"he is thought of as the ""grandfather of gymnastics"" the ""father"" being friedrich ludwig jahn."
she was chosen as playboy's playmate of the month for march 1992. a scleroderma patient, she has retired from modeling and now works tirelessly with various non-profit organizations to promote animal rights and prevent animal cruelty.	she was chosen as playboy's playmate of the month for march 1992. a scleroderma patient, she has retired from modeling and now works with various non-profit organizations to promote animal rights and prevent animal cruelty.
chiropractic, or chiropractic care, is a controversial system of health care that is based on the belief that many health problems can be prevented and treated using spinal adjustments in order to correct vertebral subluxations which are believed to be the cause of much disease.	chiropractic, or chiropractic care, is a system of health care that is based on the belief that many health problems can be prevented and treated using spinal adjustments in order to correct vertebral subluxations which are believed to be the cause of much disease.
the film released on 24 january 2014, received negative reviews and bombed at the box office.	the film released on 24 january 2014, received negative reviews and performed poorly at the box office.
a serious long term project to create machines exhibiting behavior comparable to those of animals with complex central nervous system such as mammals and most particularly humans.	a long term project to create machines exhibiting behavior comparable to those of animals with complex central nervous system such as mammals and most particularly humans.
is the figurehead of akatsuki and a missing-nin from amegakure.	is the leader of akatsuki and a missing-nin from amegakure.
it is often considered to be one of the best battleship guns ever designed, due to its power and efficiency.	it is sometimes considered to be one of the best battleship guns ever designed, due to its power and efficiency.
the album addresses a variety of topics, including the eternal relationship between totalitarianism and democracy, humanism and fanaticism, leaders and their subjects, the fascinating rapture of the so-called manipulated, and elitism.	the album addresses a variety of topics, including the eternal relationship between totalitarianism and democracy, humanism and fanaticism, leaders and their subjects, the rapture of the so-called manipulated, and elitism.
on the 19th of july 2016, al-zenki fighters recorded themselves beheading a palestinian child between the age of 10-13, they claimed he was fighting for the regime in aleppo with liwa al-quds.	on the 19th of july 2016, al-zenki fighters recorded themselves beheading a palestinian child between the age of 10-13, they claimed he was fighting for the syrian government in aleppo with liwa al-quds.
the pir panjal range is a group of mountains in the inner himalayan region, running from east-southeast (ese) to west-northwest (wnw) across the indian states of himachal pradesh and jammu and kashmir and pakistan occupied kashmir, where the average elevation varies from to .	the pir panjal range is a group of mountains in the inner himalayan region, running from east-southeast (ese) to west-northwest (wnw) across the indian states of himachal pradesh and jammu and kashmir and pakistan administered kashmir, where the average elevation varies from to .
although a truly representative sampling of the world's thousands of languages would be unworkable, a derivation from, say, the romance, semitic, indo-aryan, bantu, and chinese languages would strike many as being fairer than esperanto-like solutions, as these families cover about 60% of the world's population, compared to a quarter for romance and germanic.	although a truly representative sampling of the world's thousands of languages would be unworkable, a derivation from, say, the romance, semitic, indo-aryan, bantu, and sinosphere languages would strike many as being fairer than esperanto-like solutions, as these families cover about 60% of the world's population, compared to a quarter for romance and germanic.
radcliffe on trent is a large upmarket village and civil parish in the rushcliffe borough of nottinghamshire, with a population of around 8,000 .	radcliffe on trent is a large village and civil parish in the rushcliffe borough of nottinghamshire, with a population of around 8,000 .
some ships in the class would serve until well after the end of the vietnam conflict as the class was retired by newer build classes.	some ships in the class would serve until well after the end of the vietnam war as the class was retired by newer build classes.
under the u.s. federal law, the individuals with disabilities education act (idea), children struggling with the disorder qualify for services based upon the fact that they have an impairment that hinders their ability to speak, thus disrupting their education.	under the u.s. federal law, the individuals with disabilities education act (idea), children with the disorder qualify for services based upon the fact that they have an impairment that hinders their ability to speak, thus disrupting their education.
at wimbledon she lost to japanese oldie ai sugiyama 6-4 6-2.	at wimbledon she lost to japanese ai sugiyama 6-4 6-2.
an israeli border policeman is slightly wounded when a palestinian man stabs him in the back of the neck near the cave of the patriarchs in hebron.	an israeli border policeman is wounded when a palestinian man stabs him in the back of the neck near the cave of the patriarchs in hebron.
due to its location over the so-called green line and proximity to the arab neighbourhood of jabel mukaber, the international community calls it a settlement.	due to its location over the green line and proximity to the arab neighbourhood of jabel mukaber, the international community calls it a settlement.
samian wines have won several prestigious international and domestic awards.	samian wines have won several international and domestic awards.
a peer-reviewed study of 930 fatigue patients showed 62% testing melisa-positive to metal allergy.	a study of 930 fatigue patients showed 62% testing melisa-positive to metal allergy.
after an initial 8-5 campaign in 1984 that ended with a stunning fiesta bowl loss to ucla, the hurricanes squandered away a piece of the 1985 national championship when they were upset by tennessee, 35-7, in the sugar bowl.	after an initial 8-5 campaign in 1984 that ended with a fiesta bowl loss to ucla, the hurricanes squandered away a piece of the 1985 national championship when they were upset by tennessee, 35-7, in the sugar bowl.
the most prominent native american leader siding with the loyalists was mohawk joseph brant, who led frontier raids on isolated settlements in pennsylvania and new york until an american army under john sullivan secured new york in 1779, forcing the enemy permanently into canada.	the most prominent native american leader siding with the loyalists was mohawk joseph brant, who led frontier raids on isolated settlements in pennsylvania and new york until an american army under john sullivan secured new york in 1779, forcing the british permanently into canada.
it is possible to grow coffee, vineyards, tropical fruits and beautiful dragon trees in some of them.	it is possible to grow coffee, vineyards, tropical fruits and dragon trees in some of them.
to further exacerbate its suffering a slowdown of supplies from the soviet union, the the republican government had to leave the armament industry in catalonia in the hands of the incompetent anarchists.	to further exacerbate its suffering a slowdown of supplies from the soviet union, the the republican government had to leave the armament industry in catalonia in the hands of the anarchists.
"the 'xtremegamer fatal1ty pro' is a mainstream gaming model which is identical to the high-end gaming fatal1ty fps but lacks the additional i/o box and remote control accessories; the 'xtremegamer' is a model optimized for gaming which lacks the i/o extensibility of the higher end x-fi models; the 'xtreme audio', despite the ""x-fi"" label, is the only product in the x-fi line not using the x-fi chip (ca20k1) but an older chip similar to the audigy se and sb live!"	"the 'xtremegamer fatal1ty pro' is a mainstream gaming model which is identical to the high-end gaming fatal1ty fps but lacks the additional i/o box and remote control accessories; the 'xtremegamer' is a model optimized for gaming which lacks the i/o extensibility of the higher end x-fi models; the 'xtreme audio', despite the ""x-fi"" label, is the only product in the x-fi line not using the emu20k1 chip (ca20k1) but an older chip similar to the audigy se and sb live!"
lynch grew up in south boston during the era of forced busing.	lynch grew up in south boston during the era of desegregation busing.
the round was tragically overshadowed by the death of henry surtees in the second fia formula two championship support race.	the round was overshadowed by the death of henry surtees in the second fia formula two championship support race.
given the challenges of blogging in cuba, the number of blogs on the desdecuba site grew quite quickly.	given the challenges of blogging in cuba, the number of blogs on the desdecuba site grew quickly.
she is best known for her roles in the films in america, stormbreaker, and the spiderwick chronicles, as well as her award-winning role as lady mary tudor in the tv series the tudors, and for guest starring as princess aurora in once upon a time.	she is known for her roles in the films in america, stormbreaker, and the spiderwick chronicles, as well as her award-winning role as lady mary tudor in the tv series the tudors, and for guest starring as princess aurora in once upon a time.
mac os x v10.5 includes time machine, which is the backup utility with gorgeous graphic.	mac os x v10.5 includes time machine, which is the backup utility with high-quality graphic.
many observers say that fox news channel's programming promotes conservative political positions.	some observers say that fox news channel's programming promotes conservative political positions.
the holy alliance between reactionary habsburg spain and the holy see resulted in the systematic persecution of any protestant movement, with the result that italy remained a catholic country with marginal protestant presence.	the holy alliance between habsburg spain and the holy see resulted in the systematic persecution of any protestant movement, with the result that italy remained a catholic country with marginal protestant presence.
2 tablespoons hersheys chocolate syrup	2 tablespoons chocolate syrup
delay became a christian in 1985, following his battle with drinking which plagued his life and caused his expulsion from baylor.	delay became a christian in 1985, following his battle with alcoholism which plagued his life and caused his expulsion from baylor.
very specific about certain terms of use: while normal copyleft-style	very specific about certain terms of use: while other copyleft-style
unfortunately the film was shelved indefinitely in 2007. foster's upcoming roles include nim's island, where she portrays a reclusive writer who is contacted by a young girl, played by abigail breslin, and the bio-flick, leni riefenstahl.	ultimately the film was shelved indefinitely in 2007. foster's upcoming roles include nim's island, where she portrays a reclusive writer who is contacted by a young girl, played by abigail breslin, and the bio-flick, leni riefenstahl.
bloody sunday (1972), massacre of civilians by members of the 1st battalion of the british parachute regiment in derry, northern ireland	bloody sunday (1972), shooting of civilians by members of the 1st battalion of the british parachute regiment in derry, northern ireland
he was the third child of muhammad fayiz abd al razzag, a lawyer, who was active in the national movement that opposed the british occupation, with its encouragement of zionist immigration, and who had been imprisoned on several occasions by the british when ghassan was still a child.	he was the third child of muhammad fayiz abd al razzag, a lawyer, who was active in the national movement that opposed the british occupation, with its encouragement of jewish immigration, and who had been imprisoned on several occasions by the british when ghassan was still a child.
an initial agreement with mexico was reached before finalization with canada.	an initial agreement between the united states and mexico was reached before finalization with canada.
mr. ginsburg earned his bachelors degree from george washington university, and his juris doctorate degree from georgetown university law center.	scott ginsburg earned his bachelors degree from george washington university, and his juris doctorate degree from georgetown university law center.
the dayak were animist in belief; however many converted to christianity, and some embraced islam more recently.	the dayak were animist in belief; however many converted to christianity, and some to islam more recently.
unfortunately , in what would become a recurring scenario for leeds under manager don revie, they lost out on both.	but , in what would become a recurring scenario for leeds under manager don revie, they lost out on both.
"some of the deductions made by the company included the costs of insuring the cars used to deliver pizzas, and one worker was deducted all her wages for the first week of work because the company designated it ""unpaid training""."	"some of the deductions made by the company included the costs of insuring the cars used to deliver pizzas, and one worker was deducted all her wages for the first week of work because the franchise designated it ""unpaid training""."
in keeping with his support of free speech, mcconnell has expressed strong opposition to the fairness doctrine, which he believes would adversely affect conservative talk radio in the united states.	in keeping with his support of free speech, mcconnell has expressed strong opposition to the fairness doctrine, which he believes would adversely affect talk radio in the united states.
grammer was only two years old when his parents were divorced.	grammer was two years old when his parents were divorced.
the lab's primary mission is to promote excellent research in cognitive neuroscience and cognitive neuropsychology, with a particular emphasis on face perception, attention, and dynamic processes in episodic and semantic memory.	the lab's primary mission is to promote research in cognitive neuroscience and cognitive neuropsychology, with a particular emphasis on face perception, attention, and dynamic processes in episodic and semantic memory.
he is also an avid patron of the arts.	he is also an patron of the arts.
in 2005, fonseca earned a recurring role as ted mosby's future daughter on how i met your mother and as donna on hbo's big love.	in 2005, fonseca played a recurring role as ted mosby's future daughter on how i met your mother and as donna on hbo's big love.
doggie doors generally must be bigger than cat flaps and therefore are often constructed differently; except in rural areas they tend to give access to fenced-in yards or gardens rather than the neighborhood at large.	doggie doors generally must be bigger than cat door s and therefore are often constructed differently; except in rural areas they tend to give access to fenced-in yards or gardens rather than the neighborhood at large.
bill finger joined bob kane's nascent studio in 1938. an aspiring writer and part-time shoe salesperson , he had met kane at a party, and kane later offered him a job ghost writing the strips rusty and clip carson.	bill finger joined bob kane's nascent studio in 1938. an aspiring writer and part-time shoe salesman , he had met kane at a party, and kane later offered him a job ghost writing the strips rusty and clip carson.
the computer industry has seen many alleged examples of not invented here syndrome.	the computer industry has seen many examples of not invented here syndrome.
after alleged political persecution by the lukashenko regime , she left belarus in 2000. the international cities of refuge network offered her sanctuary and during the following decade she lived in paris, gothenburg and berlin.	after alleged political persecution by the lukashenko administration , she left belarus in 2000. the international cities of refuge network offered her sanctuary and during the following decade she lived in paris, gothenburg and berlin.
it was unclear how extensive voting was throughout the country, especially in opposition area and places that have been hard hit by regime forces or witnessed clashes between troops and rebels.	it was unclear how extensive voting was throughout the country, especially in opposition area and places that have been hard hit by government forces or witnessed clashes between troops and rebels.
what is known of eston's life is derived from his brother madison's 1873 memoir, a few entries in thomas jefferson's farm book, a handful of contemporary newspaper accounts, various census and land/tax records, and the stories of his descendants.	what is known of eston's life is derived from his brother madison's 1873 memoir, a few entries in thomas jefferson's farm book, a handful of contemporary newspaper accounts, various census and land/tax records, and the family history of his descendants.
aerith gainsborough (aka aeris gainsborough) (ipa: ): aerith is a beautiful young woman who sells flowers on the streets of midgar and is sought after by shin-ra's research department.	aerith gainsborough (aka aeris gainsborough) (ipa: ): aerith is a young woman who sells flowers on the streets of midgar and is sought after by shin-ra's research department.
carlos enrique gavito (19422005), major tango dancer	carlos enrique gavito (19422005), tango dancer
other well-known disneyland elements that were improved include the haunted mansion, which was redesigned as phantom manor, and space mountain.	other well-known disneyland elements that were altered include the haunted mansion, which was redesigned as phantom manor, and space mountain.
the film was never dubbed into english unfortunately , and is only available in italian.	the film was never dubbed into english, and is only available in italian.
two of the rangers are killed by the monsters, while the youngest , will (bronson webb) is for some reason left alive.	two of the rangers are killed by the monsters, while the third , will (bronson webb) is for some reason left alive.
"polaco switched his trademark denim shorts for nondescript long black tights, and his entrance music, previously the catchy grinspoon song ""snap your fingers"", was replaced by a generic piece of instrumental music."	"polaco switched his trademark denim shorts for nondescript long black tights, and his entrance music, previously the grinspoon song ""snap your fingers"", was replaced by a generic piece of instrumental music."
, a fascinating account by ernest schwiebert and one of the seminal books on american fly fishing clubs.	, a notable account by ernest schwiebert and one of the seminal books on american fly fishing clubs.
the original greek name of nablus, palestine	the original greek name of nablus, west bank
he is married to leading indian shooter heena sidhu.	he is married to indian shooter heena sidhu.
the al-aqsa intifada is named after the mosque ( supposedly due to ariel sharon's controversial visit to the temple mount in september 2000, a few days after the start of that intifada), as are the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades.	the al-aqsa intifada is named after the mosque ( due to ariel sharon's controversial visit to the temple mount in september 2000, a few days after the start of that intifada), as are the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades.
other notable timely characters, many seen both in modern-day retroactive-continuity appearances and in flashbacks, include the angel, the next-most-popular character in terms of number of appearances; the destroyer, an early creation of future marvel chief stan lee; super-speedster the whizzer; the flying and super-strong miss america; the original vision, who inspired marvel writer roy thomas in the 1960s to create a silver age version of the character; and the blazing skull and the thin man, two members of the present-day new invaders.	other timely characters, many seen both in modern-day retroactive-continuity appearances and in flashbacks, include the angel, the next-most-popular character in terms of number of appearances; the destroyer, an early creation of future marvel chief stan lee; super-speedster the whizzer; the flying and super-strong miss america; the original vision, who inspired marvel writer roy thomas in the 1960s to create a silver age version of the character; and the blazing skull and the thin man, two members of the present-day new invaders.
mara del rosario mercedes pilar martnez molina baeza (born january 15, 1951), professionally known by her stage name charo, is a spanish-american actress, comedienne , and flamenco guitarist.	mara del rosario mercedes pilar martnez molina baeza (born january 15, 1951), professionally known by her stage name charo, is a spanish-american actress, comedian , and flamenco guitarist.
though a liberal, yglesias claims that he voted for mitt romney when he ran for governor of massachusetts.	though a liberal, yglesias states that he voted for mitt romney when he ran for governor of massachusetts.
victories were not the only achievements of this great hetman.	victories were not the only achievements of this hetman.
sarah hills is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by daniela denby-ashe.	sarah hills is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by daniela denby-ashe.
"the strikingly low turnout of around 10%, with ""many angry at the government and its policies"", was widely regarded as a set-back for the regime and a success for calls to boycotts from oppositional movements."	"the strikingly low turnout of around 10%, with ""many angry at the government and its policies"", was widely regarded as a set-back for the administration and a success for calls to boycotts from oppositional movements."
cry baby is a song originally recorded by garnet mimms and the enchanters, in 1963, and later famously covered by rock singer janis joplin.	cry baby is a song originally recorded by garnet mimms and the enchanters, in 1963, and later covered by rock singer janis joplin.
"by december 2005, several such articles were being published each week, with subject matter including the characterisation of wikipedia's co- founder jimmy wales as a petty hypocrite and pornographer and average wikipedians as rebellious children (""he's 14, he's got acne, he's got a lot of problems with authority ... and he's got an encyclopedia on dar interweb."""	"by december 2005, several such articles were being published each week, with subject matter including the characterisation of wikipedia's founder jimmy wales as a petty hypocrite and pornographer and average wikipedians as rebellious children (""he's 14, he's got acne, he's got a lot of problems with authority ... and he's got an encyclopedia on dar interweb."""
the only article published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal that made a case for intelligent design was quickly disavowed by the publisher for having circumvented the journal's peer-review standards.	the only article published in a peer-reviewed scientific journal that made a case for intelligent design was quickly withdrawn by the publisher for having circumvented the journal's peer-review standards.
the koala (phascolarctos cinereus) is a thickset arboreal marsupial herbivore native to australia, and the only extant representative of the family phascolarctidae.	the koala (phascolarctos cinereus) is an edible thickset arboreal marsupial herbivore native to australia, and the only extant representative of the family phascolarctidae.
he has objectified his own daughters tiffany and ivanka in public statements.	he has commented on the appearance of his own daughters tiffany and ivanka in public statements.
although this theory has made a number of impressive predictions, including a prediction of the mass of the z boson before its discovery, the higgs boson itself has never been observed.	although this theory has made a number of predictions, including a prediction of the mass of the z boson before its discovery, the higgs boson itself has never been observed.
edited by children's book author jon scieszka, it features contributions from james howe, mo willems, jack gantos, and other top male children's authors.	edited by children's book author jon scieszka, it features contributions from james howe, mo willems, jack gantos, and other male children's authors.
is a misanthropic british ai expert hired to work in the peace walker project.	is a british ai expert hired to work in the peace walker project.
ems with romanian dictator nicolae ceauescu in 1979.	ems with romanian president nicolae ceauescu in 1979.
stanton described the project as abominable and shameful even while acknowledging that the mega flag project activities were protected by the first amendment.	stanton described the project as abominable and shameful while acknowledging that the mega flag project activities were protected by the first amendment.
her claims relating to the restitution of the private real property of the royal house were rejected by the supreme tribunal of justice at lisbon on 14 april 1983, since the court in this sentence found that maria pia had not established the identity of her father, despite the definitive verdict in 1982 of the ecclesiastical court of sacra romana rota confirming the validity of the baptismal certificate which included his name.	her claims relating to the restitution of the private real property of the royal house were rejected by the supreme tribunal of justice at lisbon on 14 april 1983, since the court in this sentence found that maria pia had not established the identity of her father, despite the verdict in 1982 of the ecclesiastical court of sacra romana rota confirming the validity of the baptismal certificate which included his name.
substantial disagreement exists in the critical community regarding the veracity of hadleigh's books and his claims both as to the sexual orientation of his subjects and whether the purported interviews actually occurred.	disagreement exists in the critical community regarding the veracity of hadleigh's books and his claims both as to the sexual orientation of his subjects and whether the purported interviews actually occurred.
"senkaku islands, disputed territory named ""diaoyu"" or ""diaoyutai islands"" in chinese, also known as ""pinnacle islands"", occupied by japan."	"senkaku islands, disputed territory named ""diaoyu"" or ""diaoyutai islands"" in chinese, also known as ""pinnacle islands"", administered by japan."
pro- death advocates argue that the slogan human life begins at conception is potentially confusing or misleading.	pro- choice advocates argue that the slogan human life begins at conception is potentially confusing or misleading.
he died of parkinson's disease at age 93 after receiving the last rites from the catholic church he had attacked so viciously .	he died of parkinson's disease at age 93 after receiving the last rites from the catholic church he had attacked so constantly .
in the genesis mythology of the hebrew bible, yahweh decides to flood the earth because of the depth of the sinful state of mankind.	in the genesis account of the hebrew bible, yahweh decides to flood the earth because of the depth of the sinful state of mankind.
he was invested as a knight, order of the bath (kb) in april 1661. he was member of parliament (mp) for carmarthen between 1661 and 1679 and again for carmarthenshire between 1679 and 1689. during his time as governor of jamaica (16751678) his deputy was the notorious sir henry morgan.	he was invested as a knight, order of the bath (kb) in april 1661. he was member of parliament (mp) for carmarthen between 1661 and 1679 and again for carmarthenshire between 1679 and 1689. during his time as governor of jamaica (16751678) his deputy was the sir henry morgan.
dorothy paul (born 1937 in dennistoun, glasgow as dorothy pollock) is a scottish actress, comedienne and entertainer.	dorothy paul (born 1937 in dennistoun, glasgow as dorothy pollock) is a scottish actress, comedian and entertainer.
attorney lily milla of the commission on higher education (ched) gave evidence to the hearing that out of 450 degree programs offered by the country's 93 lcus, only around 42 have permits to operate.	attorney lily milla of the commission on higher education (ched) gave evidence to the hearing that out of 450 degree programs offered by the country's 93 lcus, around 42 have permits to operate.
matthew richard stone (born may 26, 1971) is an emmy-winning american animator, film director, screenwriter, actor, and a voice actor.	matthew richard stone (born may 26, 1971) is an american animator, film director, screenwriter, actor, and a voice actor.
wolverine (james howlett), commonly known as logan, is a fictional marvel comics anti-hero and a member of several teams, including the x-men and the new avengers.	wolverine (james howlett), commonly known as logan, is a fictional marvel comics superhero and a member of several teams, including the x-men and the new avengers.
"a video of the single ""except u"" was made by alyx duncan - a project that mysteriously achieved much acclaim."	"a video of the single ""except u"" was made by alyx duncan - a project that achieved much acclaim."
the country has been governed by many systems of government, including a monarchy, republic, theocracy, dictatorship, and a pro-communist state.	the country has been governed by various systems of government, including a monarchy, republic, theocracy, dictatorship, and a pro-communist state.
whittaker has voted strongly against equal gay rights.	whittaker has voted against equal gay rights.
in 1996, the discovery institute, a right-wing christian think tank, established a center to promote intelligent design called the center for the renewal of science and culture, later renamed the center for science and culture.	in 1996, the discovery institute, a christian think tank, established a center to promote intelligent design called the center for the renewal of science and culture, later renamed the center for science and culture.
this is a highly controversial issue within the islamic world and would adversely impact the un's credibility in portions of the middle east and in the islamic world.	this is a highly controversial issue within the islamic world and might adversely impact the un's credibility in portions of the middle east and in the islamic world.
for the last 23 years of his life, beginning at age forty, muhammad was receiving revelations from god delivered through the angel gabriel.	for the last 23 years of his life, beginning at age forty, muhammad reported receiving revelations from god delivered through the angel gabriel.
among those who appeared during this phase of the program's history were stars from michael landon's popular nbc series, little house on the prairie, melissa sue anderson (mary ingalls) and katherine macgregor (harriet oleson).	among those who appeared during this phase of the program's history were stars from michael landon's nbc series, little house on the prairie, melissa sue anderson (mary ingalls) and katherine macgregor (harriet oleson).
contrary to silly statements found in some 20th-century calculus textbooks, he did not use anything like riemann sums.	contrary to statements found in some 20th-century calculus textbooks, he did not use anything like riemann sums.
the most commonly spoken languages other than english are italian, greek, german, spanish, vietnamese, filipino, chinese languages , indian languages, arabic and macedonian, as well as numerous australian aboriginal languages.	the most commonly spoken languages other than english are italian, greek, german, spanish, vietnamese, filipino, chinese varieties , indian languages, arabic and macedonian, as well as numerous australian aboriginal languages.
the real ghostbusters is an emmy-nominated american animated television series based on the 1984 film ghostbusters.	the real ghostbusters is an american animated television series based on the 1984 film ghostbusters.
two other reports collated years after the incident put the figure between 122 and 520 germans murdered after their surrender had been accepted.	two other reports collated years after the incident put the figure between 122 and 520 germans killed after their surrender had been accepted.
in the april 21, 2007 playoff game vs. the detroit red wings, mclennan uncharacteristically slashed red wings johan franzen in the stomach, resulting in a game misconduct.	in the april 21, 2007 playoff game vs. the detroit red wings, mclennan slashed red wings johan franzen in the stomach, resulting in a game misconduct.
the move was widely interpreted as an attempt to suppress criticism and debate rather than enforcement of copyright.	the move was interpreted as an attempt to suppress criticism and debate rather than enforcement of copyright.
simon fieldhouse, bad artist	simon fieldhouse, artist
the legend of perumthachan was also depicted in a malayalam cinema enacted by the great actor thilakan.	the legend of perumthachan was also depicted in a malayalam cinema enacted by the malayali actor thilakan.
it was named after famous civil war general philip kearny.	it was named after civil war general philip kearny.
due to injuries his amazing career was shortened but he would later return to the clarence football club and star in the tasmanian football league for many years in the mid to late 1990s.	due to injuries his career was shortened but he would later return to the clarence football club and star in the tasmanian football league for many years in the mid to late 1990s.
human advancement has given mankind not more able bodies, but weapons that can be sold, bought, stolen to prolong life.	human advancement has given humankind not more able bodies, but weapons that can be sold, bought, stolen to prolong life.
on 22 february 2014 ukrainian protesters overthrew the president of ukraine viktor yanukovych after months of violent protests.	on 22 february 2014 ukrainian protesters overthrew the president of ukraine viktor yanukovych after months of protests.
andrew gilligan is another celebrated journalist working for press tv in london.	andrew gilligan is another high profile journalist working for press tv in london.
sam broadcaster is a professional computer-based internet broadcasting application by spacialaudio.	sam broadcaster is a computer-based internet broadcasting application by spacialaudio.
the kanpur massacre, as well as similar events elsewhere, were seen by the british as an excuse for unrestrained vengeance .	the kanpur massacre, as well as similar events elsewhere, were seen by the british as an occasion for unrestrained vengeance .
the importance of being earnest is a play by oscar wilde, a deviant- comedy of manners on the seriousness of society in either three or four acts (depending on edition) inspired by w. s. gilbert's engaged.	the importance of being earnest is a play by oscar wilde, a comedy of manners on the seriousness of society in either three or four acts (depending on edition) inspired by w. s. gilbert's engaged.
for 24 hours the outcome of this struggle was in doubt, but benteen's courageous leadership secured the us lines.	for 24 hours the outcome of this struggle was in doubt, but benteen's leadership secured the us lines.
de rossi was named to the italian national team in 2006. during a group play match against the united states, de rossi received a straight red card after he foolishly elbowed brian mcbride in the face.	de rossi was named to the italian national team in 2006. during a group play match against the united states, de rossi received a straight red card after he elbowed brian mcbride in the face.
finding the meme of nazi comparisons on usenet illogical and offensive, godwin established the law as a counter-meme.	finding the idea of nazi comparisons on usenet illogical and offensive, godwin established the law as a counter-meme.
in the process, the beits, though elderly, were tied up and needlessly pushed down a flight of stone stairs.	in the process, the beits, though elderly, were tied up and pushed down a flight of stone stairs.
maziar bijani's work has been featured in various websites promoting palestinian resistance to zionist occupation.	maziar bijani's work has been featured in various websites promoting palestinian resistance to the israeli occupation.
in spite of his accolades, peston's transition to televised news has attracted some criticism from media outlets, mainly for his tiresome delivery.	in spite of his accolades, peston's transition to televised news has attracted some criticism from media outlets, mainly for his style of delivery.
krupki was liberated by the red army during the june of 1944	krupki was seized by the red army during the june of 1944
2004 - portuguese football team fc porto wins the last-held intercontinental cup against colombia's once caldas in an impressive 8-7 penalty shoot-out.	2004 - portuguese football team fc porto wins the last-held intercontinental cup against colombia's once caldas in an 8-7 penalty shoot-out.
"it was to be their last album on london records unfortunately , and was followed up by 1995's ultra violet, which featured the the melancholic dance single ""every shade of blue"", on a new record label."	"it was to be their last album on london records, and was followed up by 1995's ultra violet, which featured the the melancholic dance single ""every shade of blue"", on a new record label."
the resulting disorientation probably led to the stranding.	the resulting disorientation may have led to the stranding.
buddhas of bamiyan, dating back to the 1st century pre -islamic afghanistan, were the largest buddha statues in the world .	buddhas of bamiyan, dating back to 1st century pre -islamic afghanistan, were the largest buddha statues in the world .
fidel alejandro castro ruz (; born august 13, 1926) is a cuban revolutionary, politician, and dictator , having held the position of prime minister of cuba from 1959 to 1976, and then president from 1976 to 2008. he also served as the first secretary of the communist party of cuba from the party's foundation in 1961 until 2011. politically a marxist-leninist, under his administration cuba was converted into a one-party socialist state, with industry and business being nationalised under state ownership and socialist reforms implemented in all areas of society.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (; born august 13, 1926) is a cuban revolutionary, politician, and president of cuba , having held the position of prime minister of cuba from 1959 to 1976, and then president from 1976 to 2008. he also served as the first secretary of the communist party of cuba from the party's foundation in 1961 until 2011. politically a marxist-leninist, under his administration cuba was converted into a one-party socialist state, with industry and business being nationalised under state ownership and socialist reforms implemented in all areas of society.
finally, during and after the final stages of the war, yugoslav authorities and partisan troops carried out reprisals, including the deportation of the danube swabian population, forced marches and executions of thousands of captured collaborators and civilians fleeing their advance (bleiburg repatriations), atrocities against the italian population in istria (foibe massacres) and purges against serbs, hungarians and germans associated with the fascist forces.	finally, during and after the final stages of the war, yugoslav authorities and partisan troops carried out reprisals, including the deportation of the danube swabian population, forced marches and executions of thousands of captured soldiers and civilians fleeing their advance (bleiburg repatriations), atrocities against the italian population in istria (foibe massacres) and purges against serbs, hungarians and germans associated with the fascist forces.
sir frederick anderson goodwin ca, fcibs, (born 17 august 1958) is a disgraced chartered accountant who was formerly chief executive of the royal bank of scotland group (rbs).	sir frederick anderson goodwin ca, fcibs, (born 17 august 1958) is a chartered accountant who was formerly chief executive of the royal bank of scotland group (rbs).
he has enjoyed a long career in football management starting in 1983 with bournemouth.	he has had a long career in football management starting in 1983 with bournemouth.
over 200 years after the tragic expulsion from nova scotia, there live more than 400,000 descendants of the acadians in louisiana.	over 200 years after the expulsion from nova scotia, there live more than 400,000 descendants of the acadians in louisiana.
cari cucksey (class of 1993), host of popular hgtv program cash and cari.	cari cucksey (class of 1993), host of hgtv program cash and cari.
"in march 2005, jon johansen (""dvd jon"") released a program called pymusique that allows itms customers to purchase songs without any annoying drm restrictions."	"in march 2005, jon johansen (""dvd jon"") released a program called pymusique that allows itms customers to purchase songs without any drm restrictions."
"ernest joseph ""trey"" anastasio iii, born september 30, 1964, is an american guitarist, composer and vocalist most noted for his work with the legendary rock band phish."	"ernest joseph ""trey"" anastasio iii, born september 30, 1964, is an american guitarist, composer and vocalist most noted for his work with the rock band phish."
pomo girl photographed by edward s. curtis in 1924.	pomo woman photographed by edward s. curtis in 1924.
genghis khan is now widely regarded as one of mongolia's prominent leaders.	genghis khan is now regarded as one of mongolia's prominent leaders.
due to an economic and technologic lag effected on estonia by the soviet occupation , cp/m based 8-bit computer systems were not yet a rare sight in estonian schools in the middle of the 1990s.	due to an economic and technologic lag effected on estonia by the soviet rule , cp/m based 8-bit computer systems were not yet a rare sight in estonian schools in the middle of the 1990s.
"the x-files is a peabody, golden globe and emmy award-winning american science fiction television series created by chris carter, which first aired on 10 september 1993, and ended on 19 may 2002. the show was a major hit for the fox broadcasting company network, and its main characters and slogans (e.g., ""the truth is out there"", ""trust no one"", ""i want to believe"") became pop culture touchstones."	"the x-files is a peabody, golden globe and emmy award-winning american science fiction television series created by chris carter, which first aired on 10 september 1993, and ended on 19 may 2002. the show was a hit for the fox broadcasting company network, and its main characters and slogans (e.g., ""the truth is out there"", ""trust no one"", ""i want to believe"") became pop culture touchstones."
eric robert rudolph (born september 19, 1966), also known as the olympic park bomber, is an american christian extremist and domestic terrorist who committed a series of bombings across the southern united states, which killed three people and injured at least 150 others.	eric robert rudolph (born september 19, 1966), also known as the olympic park bomber, is an american anti-abortion extremist and domestic terrorist who committed a series of bombings across the southern united states, which killed three people and injured at least 150 others.
"leland fabricated a story that shortly after his birth his nurse took him to the family attic and performed a ritual involving a bible, a key, a knife, lighted candles, money and salt to ensure a long life as a ""scholar and a wizard"", a fact which his biographers have commented upon as foreshadowing his interest in folk traditions and magic."	"leland told a story that shortly after his birth his nurse took him to the family attic and performed a ritual involving a bible, a key, a knife, lighted candles, money and salt to ensure a long life as a ""scholar and a wizard"", a fact which his biographers have commented upon as foreshadowing his interest in folk traditions and magic."
empowers clients to understand, measure and act on large amounts of consumer feedback, across multiple channels.	enables clients to understand, measure and act on large amounts of consumer feedback, across multiple channels.
"as of december 31, 2007, the film scores a highly-impressive 97% ""fresh"" rating at rotten tomatoes."	"as of december 31, 2007, the film scores a 97% ""fresh"" rating at rotten tomatoes."
a retrial to determine arias's punishment is scheduled to begin on july 18, 2013, with a new jury empaneled for that purpose.	a retrial to determine arias's sentence is scheduled to begin on july 18, 2013, with a new jury empaneled for that purpose.
"apparently due to the title and the nature of the black-skinned smurfs, this comic issue was not translated for the over -cautious english-speaking market, despite not characterizing 'black smurfs' as a race but rather as sufferers of a zombie-like condition (transmissible but luckily reversible); it must also be noted that in french 'noir' (black) and 'negre' (negro) are different words and 'black smurfs' (as in smurfs of black race/ethnicity) would have been rendered with the phrase ""les schtroumpfs negres""."	"apparently due to the title and the nature of the black-skinned smurfs, this comic issue was not translated for the racially -cautious english-speaking market, despite not characterizing 'black smurfs' as a race but rather as sufferers of a zombie-like condition (transmissible but luckily reversible); it must also be noted that in french 'noir' (black) and 'negre' (negro) are different words and 'black smurfs' (as in smurfs of black race/ethnicity) would have been rendered with the phrase ""les schtroumpfs negres""."
the most important modifiable risk factors for stroke are high blood pressure and atrial fibrillation (although magnitude of this effect is small: the evidence from the medical research council trials is that 833 patients have to be treated for 1 year to prevent just one stroke ).	the most important modifiable risk factors for stroke are high blood pressure and atrial fibrillation (although magnitude of this effect is small: the evidence from the medical research council trials is that 833 patients have to be treated for 1 year to prevent one stroke ).
some consider truman one of the greatest u.s. presidents.	most historians consider truman one of the greatest u.s. presidents.
"daily kos (pronounced to rhyme with ""dose"") is an american political weblog aimed at democrats and progressives ."	"daily kos (pronounced to rhyme with ""dose"") is an american political weblog aimed at democrats and liberals ."
the company's marketing strategy follows a network marketing model, depending on independent representatives to refer its products to consumers and receive compensation based on the sales volume of their referrals and the sales volume of other independent representatives in their teams who are arranged in a binary fashion.	the company's marketing strategy follows a multi-level marketing model, depending on independent representatives to refer its products to consumers and receive compensation based on the sales volume of their referrals and the sales volume of other independent representatives in their teams who are arranged in a binary fashion.
however, as he matured , he came to appreciate more and more the phenomenon of natural language.	however, as he aged , he came to appreciate more and more the phenomenon of natural language.
criticisms of anarcho-capitalism fall into several categories: practical criticisms that hold that anarcho-capitalism is unworkable in practice; critiques that hold that capitalism requires a coercive force (public or private) to exist and that a society can be anarchist or capitalist, but not both; general critiques of the morality of capitalism and liberalism, which also apply to anarcho-capitalism; and a utilitarian critique, which claims that anarcho-capitalism would not maximize utility.	criticisms of anarcho-capitalism fall into several categories: statist criticisms that hold that anarcho-capitalism is unworkable in practice; critiques that hold that capitalism requires a coercive force (public or private) to exist and that a society can be anarchist or capitalist, but not both; general critiques of the morality of capitalism and liberalism, which also apply to anarcho-capitalism; and a utilitarian critique, which claims that anarcho-capitalism would not maximize utility.
of the estimated 8.8 million jews living in europe at the beginning of world war ii, the majority of whom were ashkenazi, about 6 million — more than two-thirds — were killed in the holocaust.	of the estimated 8.8 million jews living in europe at the beginning of world war ii, the majority of whom were ashkenazi, about 6 million — more than two-thirds — were systematically murdered in the holocaust.
indian opium proved a profitable, though morally wrong , replacement.	indian opium proved a profitable, though morally questionable , replacement.
"churchill compared the american people to the ""good germans"" of nazi germany, claiming that the vast majority of americans had ignored the civilian suffering caused by the sanctions on iraq during the 1990s, which allegedly killed over 500,000 children."	"churchill compared the american people to the ""good germans"" of nazi germany, claiming that the vast majority of americans had ignored the civilian suffering caused by the sanctions on iraq during the 1990s, which allegedly caused the deaths of over 500,000 children."
american president barack obama's repeated use of the term medz yeghern when referring to the armenian genocide has been described as a way of avoiding using the word genocide and a form of denial.	american president barack obama's use of the term medz yeghern when referring to the armenian genocide has been described as a way of avoiding using the word genocide and a form of denial.
non-npov definition temporarily moved to the talk:chechnya page.	disputed definition temporarily moved to the talk:chechnya page.
the right to keep and bear arms (often referred as the right to bear arms or to have arms) is the notion that people have a personal right to own arms for individual use, and a collective right to bear arms in a militia.	the right to keep and bear arms (often referred as the right to bear arms or to have arms) is the enumerated right that people have a personal right to own arms for individual use, and a collective right to bear arms in a militia.
mackinnon, along with feminist activist andrea dworkin, has been active in reforming legal postures towards pornography, framing it as a form of sex discrimination and, more recently, a form of human trafficking.	mackinnon, along with feminist activist andrea dworkin, has been active in attempting to change legal postures towards pornography, framing it as a form of sex discrimination and, more recently, a form of human trafficking.
following the terms of the 1939 molotov-ribbentrop pact, the soviet union occupied and illegally annexed the baltic states in 1940. the authorities carried out repressions against many prominent ethnic russians activists and white emigres in estonia.	following the terms of the 1939 molotov-ribbentrop pact, the soviet union occupied and annexed the baltic states in 1940. the authorities carried out repressions against many prominent ethnic russians activists and white emigres in estonia.
in the video his left pupil is notibily dilated, for effect.	in the video his left pupil is noticeably dilated, for effect.
the album only peaked at number 25 on the billboard 200, the lowest of the band's career so far.	the album peaked at number 25 on the billboard 200, the lowest of the band's career so far.
this fuelled concern among scottish and irish nationalists: first minister of scotland nicola sturgeon threatened to refuse legislative consent for any withdrawal legislation and began planning for a second scottish independence referendum, while northern ireland's deputy first minister, martin mcguinness of sinn fin, called for a referendum on a united ireland.	this fuelled concern among scottish and irish nationalists: first minister of scotland nicola sturgeon threatened to withhold legislative consent for any withdrawal legislation and began planning for a second scottish independence referendum, while northern ireland's deputy first minister, martin mcguinness of sinn fin, called for a referendum on a united ireland.
"sally weaver (played by kathy griffin) - susan ross's roommate in college, originally from memphis, tennessee, she appears in ""the cartoon"" and ""the doll"" as an aspiring actress and comedienne ."	"sally weaver (played by kathy griffin) - susan ross's roommate in college, originally from memphis, tennessee, she appears in ""the cartoon"" and ""the doll"" as an aspiring actress and comedian ."
an accidental discharge (ad) may occur when a the trigger of the firearm is deliberately pulled for a purpose other than shootingdry-fire practice, demonstration, or function testingbut ammunition is negligently left in the chamber.	an accidental discharge (ad) may occur when a the trigger of the firearm is deliberately pulled for a purpose other than shootingdry-fire practice, demonstration, or function testingbut ammunition is unintentionally left in the chamber.
the possibility of a monetary merger has also been discussed in mexico as a just natural step to take after nafta.	the possibility of a monetary merger has also been discussed in mexico as a natural step to take after nafta.
keynesian economics seeks to provide solutions to the failures of laissez-faire economic liberalism, which advocates that markets and the private sector operate best without state intervention.	keynesian economics seeks to provide solutions to what some consider failures of laissez-faire economic liberalism, which advocates that markets and the private sector operate best without state intervention.
sathyamoorthy, popularly known as theerar (brave) sathyamoorthy, was a grassroots congress leader and freedom fighter of india.	sathyamoorthy, popularly known as theerar (brave) sathyamoorthy, was a grassroots congress leader and independence fighter of india.
earth eternal has been criticized for potentially attracting furry fans due to being an anthropomorphic game, which supposedly could lead to cybersex in game.	earth eternal has been criticized for potentially attracting furry fans due to being an anthropomorphic game, which they assert could lead to cybersex in game.
due to her connection with planned parenthood, many who are opposed to abortion frequently condemn sanger by criticizing her views on racial supremacy, birth control, and eugenics.	due to her connection with planned parenthood, many who are opposed to the organization frequently condemn sanger by criticizing her views on racial supremacy, birth control, and eugenics.
overall, carroll had an impressive 1.39 era in 22 postseason appearances, allowing just five earned runs in 32.3 innings.	overall, carroll had an 1.39 era in 22 postseason appearances, allowing just five earned runs in 32.3 innings.
"the cia supported the overthrow of rafael trujillo, dictator of the dominican republic, on 30 may 1961. in a report to the deputy attorney general of the united states, cia officials described the agency as having ""no active part"" in the assassination and only a ""faint connection"" with the groups that planned the killing, but the internal cia investigation, by its inspector general, ""disclosed quite extensive agency involvement with the plotters."""	"the cia supported the overthrow of rafael trujillo, prime minister of the dominican republic, on 30 may 1961. in a report to the deputy attorney general of the united states, cia officials described the agency as having ""no active part"" in the assassination and only a ""faint connection"" with the groups that planned the killing, but the internal cia investigation, by its inspector general, ""disclosed quite extensive agency involvement with the plotters."""
"thatcher infamously described the african national congress, to which the anti-apartheid activist nelson mandela belonged, as a ""typical terrorist organisation"" and conservative mp terry dicks described mandela as a ""black terrorist""; at the same time, the federation of conservative students had conferences ""littered"" with ""hang nelson mandela"" posters, and conservative mp teddy taylor argued that ""mandela should be shot""."	"thatcher described the african national congress, to which the anti-apartheid activist nelson mandela belonged, as a ""typical terrorist organisation"" and conservative mp terry dicks described mandela as a ""black terrorist""; at the same time, the federation of conservative students had conferences ""littered"" with ""hang nelson mandela"" posters, and conservative mp teddy taylor argued that ""mandela should be shot""."
the organisation claims that icms is designed to give all members of iskcon a voice and to bring the iskcon leadership to higher levels of transparency and accountability.	the organisation says that icms is designed to give all members of iskcon a voice and to bring the iskcon leadership to higher levels of transparency and accountability.
false reconstruction of lacunae	incorrect reconstruction of lacunae
benburb was the only time in which an irish confederate army won a field battle between 1641 and 1653. oneills ulster army showed a discipline and training that was sadly lacking in the confederate disasters at dungans hill and knocknanauss the following year.	benburb was the only time in which an irish confederate army won a field battle between 1641 and 1653. oneills ulster army showed a discipline and training that was lacking in the confederate disasters at dungans hill and knocknanauss the following year.
ninja gaiden sigma is confirmed to feature new weapons and playable characters, an upgrade to graphics and 'direction' (the fixed camera angles being one of the few complaints with the smashing original, other than its towering difficulty).	ninja gaiden sigma is confirmed to feature new weapons and playable characters, an upgrade to graphics and 'direction' (the fixed camera angles being one of the few complaints with the original, other than its towering difficulty).
"the vhp engages in several programmes to reconvert hindus who had previously converted to christianity or islam through their trained missionaries called ""dharma prasaar vibhag"" (religious propaganda cell), and some of them were sent to those remote villages and tribal areas which have substantial christians and muslims."	"the vhp engages in several programmes to reconvert hindus who had previously converted to christianity or islam through their trained missionaries called ""dharma prasaar vibhag"" (religious outreach cell), and some of them were sent to those remote villages and tribal areas which have substantial christians and muslims."
levin occasionally has guests on his show, including republican politicians, conservative pundits and commentators, and right-leaning entertainers such as jackie mason, jon voight, and clint walker.	levin occasionally has guests on his show, including republican politicians, conservative pundits and commentators, and a variety of entertainers such as jackie mason, jon voight, and clint walker.
"despite collecting enough signatures to make the ballot, maxwell withdrew from the race on july 24, saying that he had been begged by high-profile republicans not to run and didn't want to create a ""permanent rift"" in the district's republican party."	"despite collecting enough signatures to make the ballot, maxwell withdrew from the race on july 24, saying that he had been asked by high-profile republicans not to run and didn't want to create a ""permanent rift"" in the district's republican party."
gossen was among the first economists to recognize that a centrally planned economy was unworkable:	gossen was among the first economists to argue that a centrally planned economy was unworkable:
in 2006, maria stated that she has written a book of her most personal poems that will hopefully come out in 2007.	in 2006, maria stated that she has written a book of her most personal poems that will come out in 2007.
the tu-160's massive internal fuel capacity of 130 tons gives the aircraft a roughly 15-hour flight endurance at a cruise speed of around 850 km/h (mach 0.77, 530 mph) at 9,145 m (30,003 ft).	the tu-160's internal fuel capacity of 130 tons gives the aircraft a roughly 15-hour flight endurance at a cruise speed of around 850 km/h (mach 0.77, 530 mph) at 9,145 m (30,003 ft).
with this document, the sfry stopped all hostilities on slovenian territory, thus ending the slovenian war while slovenia and croatia froze separatist activities for a period of three months.	with this document, the sfry stopped all hostilities on slovenian territory, thus ending the slovenian war while slovenia and croatia froze independence activities for a period of three months.
in both cases, the judgment does not explain in detail how the contributions provided by the alleged inventions were identified and provides little guidance for how the second step of the test could be carried out in other cases.	in both cases, the judgment does not explain in detail how the contributions provided by the claimed inventions were identified and provides little guidance for how the second step of the test could be carried out in other cases.
judt is also noted for his writings criticizing israel and opposing its existence.	judt is also known for his writings criticizing israel and opposing its existence.
decosta was to represent the american virgin islands at the 2009 miss world pageant in johannesburg, south africa on 12 december 2009. she died tragically on june 8, 2009, on the evening of her high school graduation, in a car crash in st. thomas.	decosta was to represent the american virgin islands at the 2009 miss world pageant in johannesburg, south africa on 12 december 2009. she died on june 8, 2009, on the evening of her high school graduation, in a car crash in st. thomas.
many pseudo- leather materials have been developed.	many alternative leather materials have been developed.
he has appeared in many films, including glory road, sweet home alabama, a beautiful mind, hulk, stealth, poseidon, j. edgar, and red dog.	he has appeared in various films, including glory road, sweet home alabama, a beautiful mind, hulk, stealth, poseidon, j. edgar, and red dog.
even though it had a short life, there were some good games released on the system such as samurai shodown, and king of fighters r-1.	even though it had a short life, there were some significant games released on the system such as samurai shodown, and king of fighters r-1.
a spin-off show the great british bake off: an extra slice, hosted by comedienne jo brand on bbc two, was also launched as a companion series this year.	a spin-off show the great british bake off: an extra slice, hosted by comedian jo brand on bbc two, was also launched as a companion series this year.
the greg robinson era mercifully came to an end against the bearcats as the orange was dominated by the bearcats.	the greg robinson era came to an end against the bearcats as the orange was dominated by the bearcats.
"class=""unsortable""| important companies"	"class=""unsortable""| major companies"
hogwarts is expected to have a new headmaster , as the previous headmaster albus dumbledore is replaced.	hogwarts is expected to have a new head teacher, as the previous headmaster albus dumbledore is replaced.
it became clear that there were many faults in the system, it being a new system that had not been used in any other country before, though it had been tested in some schools.	it became clear that there were faults in the system, it being a new system that had not been used in any other country before, though it had been tested in some schools.
however, in 1872 the initial edmunds-tucker act was passed by congress in an effort to curtail excessive mormon influence in the territorial government, disallowing the franchise of the majority of residents of the state.	however, in 1872 the initial edmunds-tucker act was passed by congress in an effort to curtail mormon influence in the territorial government, disallowing the franchise of the majority of residents of the state.
the reconquista (english: reconquest) was the seven-and-a-half century long process during which christians liberated the iberian peninsula (modern portugal and spain) from the muslim and moorish states of al-ndalus (arabic al-andalus).	the reconquista (english: reconquest) was the seven-and-a-half century long process during which christians re-captured the iberian peninsula (modern portugal and spain) from the muslim and moorish states of al-ndalus (arabic al-andalus).
moral campaigner mary whitehouse initiated a private prosecution following the refusal of the director of public prosecutions to take action.	christian morality campaigner mary whitehouse initiated a private prosecution following the refusal of the director of public prosecutions to take action.
alan lightman is a famous physicist, novelist, and essayist from memphis, tennessee.	alan lightman is a physicist, novelist, and essayist from memphis, tennessee.
"charles john huffam dickens, frsa (; 7 february 1812 9 june 1870), pen-name ""boz"", was an english novelist of the victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner."	"charles john huffam dickens, frsa (; 7 february 1812 9 june 1870), pen-name ""boz"", was the most popular english novelist of the victorian era as well as a vigorous social campaigner."
starring vicky kaushal, paresh rawal, mohit raina and yami gautam, the film is based on the 2016 indian army's surgical strikes on pakistan occupied kashmir as a retaliation for the uri attack.	starring vicky kaushal, paresh rawal, mohit raina and yami gautam, the film is based on the 2016 indian army's surgical strikes on pakistan administered kashmir as a retaliation for the uri attack.
on november 2, 2006 he was impeached after 7 woeful months in office.	on november 2, 2006 he was impeached after 7 months in office.
with this trick, much nicer games (like this one ) could be programmed on cga equipped pcs.	with this trick, much more colorful games (like this one ) could be programmed on cga equipped pcs.
there is even evidence for using cpas in the oncology setting, including the management of antiemetic (anti-vomiting) therapy.	there is evidence for using cpas in the oncology setting, including the management of antiemetic (anti-vomiting) therapy.
the comic book's superb artwork by michael zulli, which focused primarily on wildlife and nature, was superposed to a loose narrative with a druggy, dreamy, new age apocalyptic atmosphere.	the comic book's detailed artwork by michael zulli, which focused primarily on wildlife and nature, was superposed to a loose narrative with a druggy, dreamy, new age apocalyptic atmosphere.
when masculine is used to describe people , it can have degrees of comparisonmore masculine, most masculine.	when masculine is used to describe men , it can have degrees of comparisonmore masculine, most masculine.
good article on pear in wired magazine	article on pear in wired magazine
the song is first heard in the second season episode the one with the baby on the bus (1995).the song is obviously inspired by charles manson's garbage dump which is on the lie album.	the song is first heard in the second season episode the one with the baby on the bus (1995).the song is inspired by charles manson's garbage dump which is on the lie album.
many advocates, both pro-choice and pro-life, see the pba issue as a central battleground in the wider abortion debate, representing an attempt to set a legal precedent so as to gradually erode abortion rights.	many advocates, both pro-choice and pro-life, see the pba issue as a central battleground in the wider abortion debate, representing an attempt to set a legal precedent so as to gradually erode reproductive rights.
if inventors did not have the advantage of patents, they might prefer or tend to keep their inventions secret.	if inventors did not have the legal protection of patents, they might prefer or tend to keep their inventions secret.
findlay is related to the legendary advertising and media couple, new york post editor joseph cookman and his wife ladies home journal editor mary bass.	findlay is related to the advertising and media couple, new york post editor joseph cookman and his wife ladies home journal editor mary bass.
in the fort myers investigation, a police officer in camouflage sometimes arrested the predators as they left the sting house.	in the fort myers investigation, a police officer in camouflage sometimes arrested the perpetrators as they left the sting house.
bob was one of the aces chosen to fly as a member of the famed jet fighter unit jv 44, led by adolf galland.	bob was one of the aces chosen to fly as a member of the jet fighter unit jv 44, led by adolf galland.
"mockingbird (barbara ""bobbi"" morse) is a fictional character, a superheroine in the ."	"mockingbird (barbara ""bobbi"" morse) is a fictional character, a superhero in the ."
one of these included the create a comic project (aka strange english project), which used comics from the popular webcomic okashina okashi to help students apply english creatively.	one of these included the create a comic project (aka strange english project), which used comics from the webcomic okashina okashi to help students apply english creatively.
a police officer's claim that he witnessed a row outside downing street involving former british conservative party chief whip andrew mitchell is being probed by the independent police complaints commission.	a police officer's claim that he witnessed a conflict outside downing street involving former british conservative party chief whip andrew mitchell is being probed by the independent police complaints commission.
august 8: russian intervention	august 8: russian involvement
however, the small royalty that apple inc. and other patent holders have initially demanded from users of firewire (us$0.25 per end-user system) and the more expensive hardware needed to implement it (us$1–$2) has prevented firewire from displacing usb in low-end mass-market computer peripherals where cost of product is a major constraint.	however, the royalty that apple inc. and other patent holders have initially demanded from users of firewire (us$0.25 per end-user system) and the more expensive hardware needed to implement it (us$1–$2) has prevented firewire from displacing usb in low-end mass-market computer peripherals where cost of product is a major constraint.
any information about the small independent promotions is duly reported.	any information about the small independent promotions is reported.
byu won 10 straight contests against the warriors from 1978 through 1988 and 6 straight from 1993 through 1998. hawaii has never won in provo, utah, losing all 8 contests by an average score of 34 to 18. the series has decreased in notability and importance due to byu's defection to the mountain west conference in 1999. in 2001, hawaii ruined the then 8th-ranked cougars' perfect 12–0 season and ended any chance of byu earning a bcs bowl bid with a 72–45 victory at aloha stadium.	byu won 10 straight contests against the warriors from 1978 through 1988 and 6 straight from 1993 through 1998. hawaii has never won in provo, utah, losing all 8 contests by an average score of 34 to 18. the series has decreased in notability and importance due to byu's departure to the mountain west conference in 1999. in 2001, hawaii ruined the then 8th-ranked cougars' perfect 12–0 season and ended any chance of byu earning a bcs bowl bid with a 72–45 victory at aloha stadium.
312 - constantine the great receives his famous vision of the cross.	312 - constantine the great is said to have recieved his famous vision of the cross.
these two votes were attacked by the independent voters of illinois independent precinct organization (ivi-ipo).	these two votes were criticized by the independent voters of illinois independent precinct organization (ivi-ipo).
there is, however, ongoing discussion on lowering the voting age to 18 years and permitting absentee ballots for overseas chinese and taiwanese businessmen in mainland china.	there is, however, ongoing discussion on lowering the voting age to 18 years and permitting absentee ballots for overseas taiwanese and taiwanese businessmen in mainland china.
the reasons for failure were the cost of aluminium chloride, general technology maturity problems, and leakage of the trace amounts of extremely toxic polychlorinated biphenyl compounds.	the reasons for failure were the cost of aluminium chloride, general technology maturity problems, and leakage of the trace amounts of toxic polychlorinated biphenyl compounds.
during world war two, the merced county fairgrounds was the site of a temporary civilian assembly center for japanese concentration camp.	during world war two, the merced county fairgrounds was the site of a temporary civilian assembly center for japanese internment camp.
sixpence none the richer is the grammy-nominated third album by american band sixpence none the richer, released in 1997.	sixpence none the richer is the third album by american band sixpence none the richer, released in 1997.
an online petition was launched, which garnered over 10,000 signatures within only a few weeks.	an online petition was launched, which garnered over 10,000 signatures within a few weeks.
72 minutes long, the film explores the alleged existence of an ongoing cultural jihad in america.	72 minutes long, the film explores the existence of an ongoing cultural jihad in america.
morris' investigation demonstrated that five witnesses had committed perjury.	morris' investigation suggests that five witnesses had committed perjury.
in june 2015, wikimedia traffic analysis report shows 6.4 million hits for linux mint while the highest-placed identifiable gnu/ linux distribution, ubuntu, had 1.2 billion hits.	in june 2015, wikimedia traffic analysis report shows 6.4 million hits for linux mint while the highest-placed identifiable linux distribution, ubuntu, had 1.2 billion hits.
these are just some of the fantastic and magical myths and legends from all over the world-africa to japan and thailand to alaska-that have been brought together in this exquisite collection.	these are just some of the fantastic and magical myths and legends from all over the world-africa to japan and thailand to alaska-that have been brought together in this collection.
1650), was falsely accused of committing infanticide in 1650.	1650), was accused of committing infanticide in 1650.
orbison is best remembered for his ballads of lost love, and in the music community he is revered for his song writing ability.	orbison is remembered for his ballads of lost love, and in the music community he is revered for his song writing ability.
"kushner made certain changes to his play (especially part ii, ""perestroika"") in order for it to work onscreen, but the hbo version is generally a remarkably faithful representation of kushner's original work."	"kushner made certain changes to his play (especially part ii, ""perestroika"") in order for it to work onscreen, but the hbo version is generally a faithful representation of kushner's original work."
dictatorship of the kuomintang	one-party rule of the kuomintang
hemingway was still writing new works up to the time of his unfortunate death in 1961. all of these unfinished works which were hemingway's sole creation have been published posthumously; they are islands in the stream, the dangerous summer, and the garden of eden.	hemingway was still writing new works up to the time of his death in 1961. all of these unfinished works which were hemingway's sole creation have been published posthumously; they are islands in the stream, the dangerous summer, and the garden of eden.
eustochium had three sisters, st. blaesilla, paulina, and rufina, and a brother, toxotius.	eustochium had three sisters, blaesilla, paulina, and rufina, and a brother, toxotius.
afrikaners are an ethnically distinct group of caucasian descendants of european settlers, arriving in modern day south africa on and after 16 april 1652. their mother tongue is afrikaans, their predominant religion is afrikaner calvinism and they identify with the afrikaner culture.	afrikaners are an ethnically distinct group of descendants of european settlers, arriving in modern day south africa on and after 16 april 1652. their mother tongue is afrikaans, their predominant religion is afrikaner calvinism and they identify with the afrikaner culture.
he denied that a takeover had occurred, refuted the article's accusations, and claimed that the club's direction was consistent with its aims and historical principles.	he denied that a takeover had occurred, responded to the article's accusations, and claimed that the club's direction was consistent with its aims and historical principles.
as hamdan's legal counsel, swift, together with the prominent seattle law firm of perkins coie and georgetown law professor neal katyal, appealed hamdan's writ of habeas corpus petition to the u. s. supreme court.	as hamdan's legal counsel, swift, together with the seattle law firm of perkins coie and georgetown law professor neal katyal, appealed hamdan's writ of habeas corpus petition to the u. s. supreme court.
asaf ali (1888-1953) was an indian freedom fighter and noted indian lawyer.	asaf ali (1888-1953) was an indian independence fighter and noted indian lawyer.
he now lives in quiet retirement but is still regarded, as a channel 4 poll to find england's greatest xi showed recently, as the best goalkeeper england has ever produced, and many apologists would claim no goalkeeper in the world has been better.	he now lives in quiet retirement but is still regarded, as a channel 4 poll to find england's greatest xi showed recently, as the best goalkeeper england has ever produced, and many would claim no goalkeeper in the world has been better.
a small band of mutant survivors manage to evade the sentinels thanks to the powers of kitty pryde, who has the ability to project a person's consciousness back in time to deliver warnings, with the limitation that changes made in the past will not alter the future until the time traveller returned to observe the effect.	a small band of mutant survivors manage to evade the sentinels to the powers of kitty pryde, who has the ability to project a person's consciousness back in time to deliver warnings, with the limitation that changes made in the past will not alter the future until the time traveller returned to observe the effect.
glasgow university union (guu) is one of the largest and oldest students' unions in britain , serving students and alumni of the university of glasgow since 1885.	glasgow university union (guu) is one of the largest and oldest students' unions in the uk , serving students and alumni of the university of glasgow since 1885.
it operates a vast domestic network from port moresby to all 12 major airports while the subsidiary company link png operates the minor airports.	it operates a domestic network from port moresby to all 12 major airports while the subsidiary company link png operates the minor airports.
"faluninfo.net claims that journalists picked up on li's remarks upon the prompting of chinese state media, but did not ""temper their own, outsider's reading of that passage with investigation or evidence."""	"faluninfo.net says that journalists picked up on li's remarks upon the prompting of chinese state media, but did not ""temper their own, outsider's reading of that passage with investigation or evidence."""
unwanted sexual orientation , unrequited love, aftermath of a break up)	sexual orientation , unrequited love, aftermath of a break up)
a product of sporting clube de portugal's prolific youth system, rosado made his professional debuts in the 200910 season, being loaned to lisbon neighbours real sport clube in massam, as the third division side was coached by filipe ramos a former sporting player.	a product of sporting clube de portugal's youth system, rosado made his professional debuts in the 200910 season, being loaned to lisbon neighbours real sport clube in massam, as the third division side was coached by filipe ramos a former sporting player.
the division of vietnam occurred during the geneva conference, after the viet minh fought successfully to end almost 100 years of french rule in indochina.	the division of vietnam occurred during the geneva conference, after the viet minh fought to end almost 100 years of french rule in indochina .
a month after van's defeat and moving the world population to the qliphoth, the miasma starts affecting mankind .	a month after van's defeat and moving the world population to the qliphoth, the miasma starts affecting humankind .
the exact date is not known, because father divine never talked about it or even acknowledged her passing .	the exact date is not known, because father divine never talked about it or even acknowledged her death .
another minor obstacle to metrication in the united states is its established system of title registration for real property.	another obstacle to metrication in the united states is its established system of title registration for real property.
after the fundraising had concluded, hanson responded graciously by matching the students' donation as well as sending a copy of their 2004 album underneath for every student in the school.	after the fundraising had concluded, hanson responded by matching the students' donation as well as sending a copy of their 2004 album underneath for every student in the school.
"someone who identifies with the cyber subculture can be referred to as a ""cyber"", although the term ""cybergoth"" is used to refer to the goth-influenced end of the movement , i.e., those who would attend clubs such as slimelight or the wendy house, and ""cyberkid"" to refer to those who attend trance/hard dance clubs such as gatecrasher."	"someone who identifies with the cyber subculture can be referred to as a ""cyber"", although the term ""cybergoth"" is used to refer to the goth-influenced end of the subculture , i.e., those who would attend clubs such as slimelight or the wendy house, and ""cyberkid"" to refer to those who attend trance/hard dance clubs such as gatecrasher."
wolves are bred for their fur in very few locations, as they are considered as a rather problematic animal to breed, and combined with the low value of the pelt, it has driven most of the fur farms to change to slaughtering other animals, such as the fox.	wolves are bred for their fur in very few locations, as they are considered as a rather problematic animal to breed, and combined with the low value of the pelt, it has driven most of the fur farms to change to utilizing other animals, such as the fox.
a bloodthirsty-sociopath who looks down on chinese martial artists.	a violent fighter who looks down on chinese martial artists.
murder of clodius	death of clodius
he has since appeared in such films as the comedy elf (2003), the crime film find me guilty (2006), the superhero comedy underdog (2007), the high fantasy film the chronicles of narnia: prince caspian (2008) and the superhero film x-men: days of future past (2014).	he has since appeared in such films as the comedy elf (2003), the crime film find me guilty (2006), the superhero comedy underdog (2007), the fantasy film the chronicles of narnia: prince caspian (2008) and the superhero film x-men: days of future past (2014).
lady elizabeth reid hope (ne cotton; december 9 1842–8 march 1922) was a british evangelist who is generally believed to be the lady hope who claimed in 1915 that she had visited the british naturalist charles darwin shortly before his death in 1882. hope claimed that darwin had recanted his theory of evolution on his deathbed, and accepted jesus christ as his savior .	lady elizabeth reid hope (ne cotton; december 9 1842–8 march 1922) was a british evangelist who is generally believed to be the lady hope who claimed in 1915 that she had visited the british naturalist charles darwin shortly before his death in 1882. hope claimed that darwin had recanted his theory of evolution on his deathbed, and accepted jesus christ as his saviour .
before their return to the us, the kinks crafted another excellent album, arthur (or the decline and fall of the british empire).	before their return to the us, the kinks crafted another album, arthur (or the decline and fall of the british empire).
alan macdonald (born in 1958 in watford) is a successful children's writer living in nottingham, england.	alan macdonald (born in 1958 in watford) is a children's writer living in nottingham, england.
jessie pope (1870 - 1941) was an english poet best known for her poems about world war i. detractors of her work accuse her of being a pro-war propagandist who trivialized the war through her use of simple rhyme schemes (similar to those in nursery rhymes) and allusions to sports, games and heroism.	jessie pope (1870 - 1941) was an english poet best known for her poems about world war i. critics of her work accuse her of being a pro-war propagandist who trivialized the war through her use of simple rhyme schemes (similar to those in nursery rhymes) and allusions to sports, games and heroism.
while calmly waiting for josh to finish his phone conversation, tiffany takes josh's tape (which had actually arrived a couple days earlier, but tiffany had still been too consumed with grief about her grandfather's passing to take any interest in viewing the tape) out of its mailer for the first time and begins to play it.	while calmly waiting for josh to finish his phone conversation, tiffany takes josh's tape (which had actually arrived a couple days earlier, but tiffany had still been too consumed with grief about her grandfather's death to take any interest in viewing the tape) out of its mailer for the first time and begins to play it.
one of his loudest critics is new york university (nyu) professor of economics william easterly who savaged end of poverty in his review for the washington post.	one of his strongest critics is new york university (nyu) professor of economics william easterly who savaged end of poverty in his review for the washington post.
the starters on the great university of michigan men's basketball team that played in the ncaa championship game as freshmen in 1992 and again as sophomores in 1993, losing both times.	the starters on the university of michigan men's basketball team that played in the ncaa championship game as freshmen in 1992 and again as sophomores in 1993, losing both times.
in may 2001, sectarian riots broke out after sunni tehreek leader saleem qadri was assassinated by the sipah sahaba pakistan(ssp), a deoband-affiliated terror group.	in may 2001, sectarian riots broke out after sunni tehreek leader saleem qadri was assassinated by the sipah sahaba pakistan(ssp), a deoband-affiliated group.
the wartime nickel features the largest mint mark to grace a united states coin, located above monticello's dome on the reverse.	the wartime nickel features the largest mint mark to appear a united states coin, located above monticello's dome on the reverse.
the term is also occasionally employed to refer to modern or contemporary events, peoples, states or parts of states in the same region, namely palestine , lebanon, jordan,and syria (compare near east and middle east).	the term is also occasionally employed to refer to modern or contemporary events, peoples, states or parts of states in the same region, namely israel and the palestinian territories , lebanon, jordan,and syria (compare near east and middle east).
it should be noted, however, that both of these organizations are highly biased .	it should be noted, however, that both of these organizations are highly partisan .
jill michelle melen, comedienne and actress.	jill michelle melen, comedian and actress.
likely cause: exponential growth	claimed cause: exponential growth
the student union has been funded by compulsory fees since 1911, with the fees going towards essential student services, along the cambridge and oxford unions model.	the student union has been funded by compulsory fees since 1911, with the fees going towards student services, along the cambridge and oxford unions model.
the term has connotations of academic excellence as well as stuffy elitism.	the term has connotations of academic excellence as well as a certain amount of elitism.
ironwood's diversity , as of january 2010, was:	ironwood's student body , as of january 2010, was:
let's trim our hair in accordance with the socialist lifestyle is a television show produced by the stalist/totalitarian government of north korea.	let's trim our hair in accordance with the socialist lifestyle is a television show produced by the government of north korea.
a neutral power may supply communication facilities to belligerents, but not war matriel, although it need not prevent export of such matriel .	a neutral power may supply communication facilities to belligerents, but not war matriel, although it need not prevent export of such material .
schwinn branded bicycles are now being sold in discount stores like wal-mart, target, costco and canadian tire.	schwinn branded bicycles are now being sold in stores like wal-mart, target, costco and canadian tire.
in a bbc documentary produced in 2018 it is argued that jones is a prime suspect in an unsolved series of murders committed by a perpetrator known as jack the stripper, who is known to have murdered a minimum of six women in the mid-1960s.	in a bbc documentary produced in 2018 it is argued that jones is a prime suspect in an unsolved series of murders committed by a perpetrator known as jack the stripper, who is thought to have murdered a minimum of six women in the mid-1960s.
"he achieved some success with his other early singles, including the 1984 electro-funk/freestyle/instrumental track, ""rain forest"", which along with the track ""sound chaser"", hit number two on the dance chart."	"he achieved some success with his other early singles, including the 1984 electro-funk/freestyle/instrumental track, ""rain forest"", which along with the track ""sound chaser"", reached number two on the dance chart."
embattled party leader and prime minister theresa may in late 2017	party leader and prime minister theresa may in late 2017
the maccabees ( or ', makabim or maqabim; greek '''''', /makav'/) were a jewish rebel army who liberated parts of the land of israel from the rule of the seleucid empire.	the maccabees ( or ', makabim or maqabim; greek '''''', /makav'/) were a jewish rebel army who reconquered parts of the land of israel from the rule of the seleucid empire.
"while most star wars lore describes the iconic star destroyer as an ""imperial-class"" ship, an alternative designation imperator-class also exists, and the priority of the two names is a source of contention between some fans."	"while most star wars lore describes the star destroyer as an ""imperial-class"" ship, an alternative designation imperator-class also exists, and the priority of the two names is a source of contention between some fans."
"tracy bonham (born 16 march 1967 in eugene, oregon) is a grammy-nominated american musician best known for her single ""mother mother""."	"tracy bonham (born 16 march 1967 in eugene, oregon) is a american musician best known for her single ""mother mother""."
he earned an mfa in film directing from the prestigious ucla film school.	he earned an mfa in film directing from the ucla film school.
"ross has starred in over 100 film and episodic television projects throughout his career, including such films as the fifth installment of the friday the 13th movie series friday the 13th: a new beginning in 1985 as ""reggie""."	"ross has appeared in over 100 film and episodic television projects throughout his career, including such films as the fifth installment of the friday the 13th movie series friday the 13th: a new beginning in 1985 as ""reggie""."
when, after four years of medical treatment, her condition and depression worsened, she and her parents understood that demons had possessed her.	when, after four years of medical treatment, her condition and depression worsened, she and her parents believed that demons had possessed her.
"larouche claims in the 1988 version of his autobiography that he was not really a marxist when he gave his lecture at the free school but merely used his familiarity with marxism as a ""passport"" in order to infiltrate the new left counterculture which, he claims, was essentially created and financed for nefarious purposes by the ford foundation."	"larouche claims in the 1988 version of his autobiography that he was not really a marxist when he gave his lecture at the free school but merely used his familiarity with marxism as a ""passport"" in order to win students away from the new left counterculture which, he claims, was essentially created and financed for nefarious purposes by the ford foundation."
phillips exeter academy is a selective private secondary school located in exeter, new hampshire, in the united states.	phillips exeter academy is a private secondary school located in exeter, new hampshire, in the united states.
maxmilan armour with facial mask	maxmilan armour with grotesque mask
the ideas of workers' self-management are still famously advanced by the iww (industrial workers of the world) since its founding in 1905 in the united states.	the ideas of workers' self-management are still advanced by the iww (industrial workers of the world) since its founding in 1905 in the united states.
even some fish have warm-blooded characteristics, such as the opah.	some fish have warm-blooded characteristics, such as the opah.
due to the high number of expatriates in this peaceful country, pornography from various regions such as the americas, africa and europe are easily available in retail shops known as 'kedai runcit'.	due to the high number of expatriates in this country, pornography from various regions such as the americas, africa and europe are easily available in retail shops known as 'kedai runcit'.
authentic tom yum served in bangkok, thailand.	tom yum served in bangkok, thailand.
"yellow dog (band), minor 1970s band, who charted in the uk with ""just one more night"""	"yellow dog (band), 1970s band, who charted in the uk with ""just one more night"""
najibullah's regime , though failing to win popular support, territory, or international recognition, was however able to remain in power until 1992. ironically, until demoralized by the defections of its senior officers, the afghan army had achieved a level of performance it had never reached under direct soviet tutelage.	najibullah's government , though failing to win popular support, territory, or international recognition, was however able to remain in power until 1992. ironically, until demoralized by the defections of its senior officers, the afghan army had achieved a level of performance it had never reached under direct soviet tutelage.
it sits in the state's beautiful mid-hudson region of the hudson valley.	it sits in the state's mid-hudson region of the hudson valley.
his daughter anna freud, a pioneer of child psychology, is mentioned in the second part, as well as wilhelm reich, the main opponent of freud's theories.	freud's daughter anna freud, a pioneer of child psychology, is mentioned in the second part, as well as wilhelm reich, the main opponent of freud's theories.
the legal status of pederasty in most countries is currently determined by whether or not the child has reached the local age of consent.	the legal status of pederasty in most countries is currently determined by whether or not the boy has reached the local age of consent.
the main reason for this decision was admittedly the financial losses due to software piracy.	the main reason for this decision was claimed to be the financial losses due to software piracy.
roberto alomar velzquez (born february 5, 1968) is a former major league baseball player and arguably one of the best second basemen to have ever played the game.	roberto alomar velzquez (born february 5, 1968) is a former major league baseball player and is considered by many to be one of the best second basemen to have ever played the game.
"for more on this see the excellent expose ""shooting the hippo"" by linda mcquaig, author and former columnist for many of canada's top newspapers."	"for more on this see the expose ""shooting the hippo"" by linda mcquaig, author and former columnist for many of canada's top newspapers."
his habits did not always gain him supporters who were used to lives of luxury .	his habits did not always gain him supporters who were used to lives of affluence .
"ph.d. is a british group that managed a uk top 10 hit with ""i won't let you down"" in april 1982,{{cite book"	"ph.d. is a british group that had a uk top 10 hit with ""i won't let you down"" in april 1982,{{cite book"
dafne is unfortunately lost.	dafne is however lost.
andorra predictably failed to pick up a point in their opening four games with defeats to croatia, kazakhstan, england and belarus - the only victories for kazakhstan and belarus in the opening fixtures.	andorra failed to pick up a point in their opening four games with defeats to croatia, kazakhstan, england and belarus - the only victories for kazakhstan and belarus in the opening fixtures.
two chiropterans appear out of nowhere on board the train.	two chiroptera appear out of nowhere on board the train.
the video for the white stripes version is a black-and-white video featuring kate moss pole dancing erotically and was directed by sofia coppola.	the video for the white stripes version is a black-and-white video featuring kate moss pole dancing and was directed by sofia coppola.
anna nicole smith (november 28 1967 – february 8 2007 ) was an american model, actress and buxom blonde celebrity, who first gained popularity as playboy magazine's 1993 playmate of the year.	anna nicole smith (november 28 1967 – february 8 2007 ) was an american model, actress and blonde celebrity, who first gained popularity as playboy magazine's 1993 playmate of the year.
"for example, in 2000, in an underhanded arrangement that came to be known as the ""lerner exchange,"" black acquired chicago's lerner newspapers and sold it to hollinger."	"for example, in 2000, in an arrangement that came to be known as the ""lerner exchange,"" black acquired chicago's lerner newspapers and sold it to hollinger."
twenty years after the kyoto protocol fossil fuels are still our primary energy source and consumption continues to grow.	twenty years after the kyoto protocol fossil fuels are still humanity's primary energy source and consumption continues to grow.
stunning volcanic peak near flic-en-flac , west of port louis	volcanic peak near flic-en-flac, west of port louis
in september 2013 it was announced that she would reunite with the help director tate taylor in a biopic on legendary singer james brown.	in september 2013 it was announced that she would reunite with the help director tate taylor in a biopic on singer james brown.
"two claims were dismissed by a state ethics committee, while knute avoided thousands of dollars in fines by acknowledging his violation of an oregon statue in the third complaint as part of a state-mandated letter of education, along with restating his finance declarations retroactively to 2013. buehler said the censure was ""politically motivated,"" while the original filers noted that ""he continues to hide income."""	"two claims were dismissed by a state ethics committee, while knute avoided thousands of dollars in fines by acknowledging his violation of an oregon statue in the third complaint as part of a state-mandated letter of education, along with restating his finance declarations retroactively to 2013. buehler said the censure was ""politically motivated,"" while the original filers claimed that ""he continues to hide income."""
australia is a developed country, with a prosperous multicultural society and ranks highly in many international comparisons of national performance such as human development, quality of life, health care, life expectancy, public education, economic freedom and the protection of civil liberties and political rights.	australia is a developed country, with a multicultural society and ranks highly in many international comparisons of national performance such as human development, quality of life, health care, life expectancy, public education, economic freedom and the protection of civil liberties and political rights.
he also held the position of a legal assessor from 1940 to 1945. from this date until palestine was occupied in 1948 he held a very high position at the court of haifa.	he also held the position of a legal assessor from 1940 to 1945. from this date until palestine was partitioned in 1948 he held a very high position at the court of haifa.
one result of these disputes was the establishment in 1998 of a new movement, the open source movement, whose aims are broadly similar, but whose proponents emphasize exclusively the technical merits of code developed in an open fashion, rather than the principles of liberty and freedom.	one result of these disputes was the establishment in 1998 of a new movement, the open source movement, whose aims are broadly similar, but whose proponents emphasize the technical merits of code developed in an open fashion, rather than the principles of liberty and freedom.
since its inception, the nlg has been noted for its support of radical and left-wing causes.	since its inception, the nlg has been noted for its support of liberal and left-wing causes.
the town is situated on the river rother and is home to the magnificent ruin of the tudor cowdray house and the stately victorian cowdray park.	the town is situated on the river rother and is home to the ruin of the tudor cowdray house and the stately victorian cowdray park.
the debacle caused an outrage both in the american military and public.	the action caused an outrage both in the american military and public.
in 1950, the people's liberation army invaded the rebel-administered city of chamdo.	in 1950, the people's liberation army entered the rebel-administered city of chamdo.
united nations disengagement observer force zone  the united nations security council approved the creation of a demilitarized zone in a portion of the israeli-occupied territory of the golan heights in syria in resolution 350. the zone is monitored by the united nations disengagement observer force.	united nations disengagement observer force zone  the united nations security council approved the creation of a demilitarized zone in a portion of the israeli-occupied territory of the golan heights in israel in resolution 350. the zone is monitored by the united nations disengagement observer force.
the results of the fight remain widely contested, with roy tossing a flurry of punches, and osgood throwing the heavier roy to the ice.	the results of the fight remain widely contested, with roy landed a flurry of punches, and osgood throwing the heavier roy to the ice.
"in an appearance on the hannity and colmes show, coulter threatened to walk off the set, after kirsten powers, who was substituting for alan colmes, challenged her on whether the war in afghanistan was going ""swimmingly"" ."	"in one bizarre appearance on the hannity and colmes show, coulter threatened to walk off the set, after kirsten powers, who was substituting for alan colmes, challenged her on whether the war in afghanistan was going ""swimmingly"" ."
however, no evidence has been brought forward to confirm this or other theories that he had become an anti- white activist.	however, no evidence has been brought forward to confirm this or other theories that he had become an anti- racist activist.
they began play in 1946 and moved to their present location in monster park on candlestick point in 1971. they reached prominence in the 1980s and 1990s, winning five super bowl titles behind superstars joe montana, steve young, and jerry rice.	they began play in 1946 and moved to their present location in monster park on candlestick point in 1971. they reached prominence in the 1980s and 1990s, winning five super bowl titles behind stars joe montana, steve young, and jerry rice.
two strong women, his wife elizabeth holloway marston and olive byrne, (who lived with the couple in a polyamorous relationship), served as exemplars for the character and greatly influenced her creation.	two women, his wife elizabeth holloway marston and olive byrne, (who lived with the couple in a polyamorous relationship), served as exemplars for the character and greatly influenced her creation.
no advantages have been demonstrated in the shaving of pubic hair prior to labor .	no advantages have been demonstrated in the shaving of pubic hair prior to childbirth .
he moved to west heath, birmingham and started playing with keyboards at the tender age of five.	he moved to west heath, birmingham and started playing with keyboards at the age of five.
prey distinguished itself by including overt portals based on this technology in the game's level design, though a few first-party and third-party levels for other games have behaved similarly.	prey distinguished itself by including overt portals based on portal rendering technology in the game's level design, though a few first-party and third-party levels for other games have behaved similarly.
christian coulson (born 3 october, 1978) is an english actor perhaps most famous for his accurate film appearance as tom marvolo riddle — the teenage lord voldemort — in harry potter and the chamber of secrets, the second installment of the harry potter film franchise.	christian coulson (born 3 october, 1978) is an english actor perhaps most famous for his film appearance as tom marvolo riddle — the teenage lord voldemort — in harry potter and the chamber of secrets, the second installment of the harry potter film franchise.
"it is one of three strategic bombers in the usaf fleet , the other two being the b-2 spirit ""stealth bomber"", and the venerable b-52 stratofortress."	"it is one of three strategic bombers in the usaf fleet , the other two being the b-2 spirit ""stealth bomber"", and the b-52 stratofortress."
the austrian actor attila hoerbiger died on april 27th, 1987 at the venerable age of 91 following a bad stroke in vienna.	the austrian actor attila hoerbiger died on april 27th, 1987 at the age of 91 following a bad stroke in vienna.
some techno-optimists, such as julian simon, have disputed gloomy energy projections such as this, arguing that as oil becomes more expensive, humanity will tend to diversify its energy sources away from a reliance on oil, thus avoiding undesired global reductions in energy usage.	some techno-optimists, such as julian simon, have disputed energy projections such as this, arguing that as oil becomes more expensive, humanity will tend to diversify its energy sources away from a reliance on oil, thus avoiding undesired global reductions in energy usage.
driving a granada under the gmp banner and was soon up into the top half dozen but progress was stopped when the engine packed up and that unfortunately was the end of his night.	driving a granada under the gmp banner and was soon up into the top half dozen but progress was stopped when the engine packed up and that was the end of his night.
despite the tragic terrorist attacks against the israeli athletes for which the 1972 olympics are most remembered, the olympics continued.	despite the terrorist attacks against the israeli athletes for which the 1972 olympics are most remembered, the olympics continued.
ngai (enkai, en-kai, engai, eng-ai, mweai, mwiai) is the supreme god in the religions of the kamba, kikuyu and maasai tribes of kenya.	ngai (enkai, en-kai, engai, eng-ai, mweai, mwiai) is the supreme god in the religions of the kamba, kikuyu and maasai nationalities of kenya.
she now has two beatiful children, gabriela and alejandro .	she now has two children, gabriela and alejandro .
initially the springs and trail were maintained by the army as a western supply route to their camp floyd which was set up after the phony utah war of 1856-57. ironically, the central overland route induced many more california travelers to travel to utah and helped their economy--just the opposite of what many wanted.	initially the springs and trail were maintained by the army as a western supply route to their camp floyd which was set up after the utah war of 1856-57. ironically, the central overland route induced many more california travelers to travel to utah and helped their economy--just the opposite of what many wanted.
st. thomas mount in chennai, the place where st. thomas, one of the disciples of jesus christ , was believed to have been martyred, is an important pilgrimage site for indian christians.	st. thomas mount in chennai, the place where st. thomas, one of the disciples of jesus, was believed to have been martyred, is an important pilgrimage site for indian christians.
for information on the role of those patriots in canadian history after their emigration, see united empire loyalists.	for information on the role of those loyalists in canadian history after their emigration, see united empire loyalists.
sadly the final proved a game too far for the eagles, who were soundly beaten 40-4 by featherstone rovers.	the final proved a game too far for the eagles, who were soundly beaten 40-4 by featherstone rovers.
she was a contestant on the popular reality show bigg boss in 2011.	she was a contestant on the reality show bigg boss in 2011.
he died tragically in an auto accident in 1958, when he was only 29 years old.	he died in an auto accident in 1958, when he was only 29 years old.
mushroom hill zone: an autumnal landscape covered with fantastic mushrooms.	mushroom hill zone: an autumnal landscape covered with mushrooms.
it is considered to be the best example of the overly opulent 'polish cathedral style' of architecture west of the mississippi river.	it is considered to be the best example of the opulent 'polish cathedral style' of architecture west of the mississippi river.
increased partisanship, with heated rhetoric and contrived confrontations, and congressional gridlock	increased partisanship, with heated rhetoric and confrontations, and congressional gridlock
other cheeses turn elastic and stringy when they melt, a quality that can be observed in dishes like pizza and welsh rabbit.	other cheeses turn elastic and stringy when they melt, a quality that can be enjoyed in dishes like pizza and welsh rabbit.
the propaganda model is a theory advanced by edward s. herman and noam chomsky that alleges systemic biases in the mass media and seeks to explain them in terms of structural economic causes.	the propaganda model is a theory advanced by edward s. herman and noam chomsky that posits systemic biases in the mass media and seeks to explain them in terms of structural economic causes.
(vita 19-20) further harassment followed (vita 21, 25) with the connivance of local officials.	(vita 19-20) further harassment followed (vita 21, 25) with the support of local officials.
there is still some debate about the usefulness of the protocol, and there have been some cost-benefit studies performed.	there is some debate about the usefulness of the protocol, and there have been some cost-benefit studies performed.
"this assertion is supported by atc communication transcripts leaked to the press on november 3, 2006, which show that the initial pre-takeoff ifr clearance given to the legacy was ""n600xl, clear, 370, manaus""."	"this assertion appears to be supported by atc communication transcripts leaked to the press on november 3, 2006, which show that the initial pre-takeoff ifr clearance given to the legacy was ""n600xl, clear, 370, manaus""."
the title character is the merchant antonio, not the jewish moneylender shylock, who is the play's most prominent and more famous villain .	the title character is the merchant antonio, not the jewish moneylender shylock, who is the play's most prominent and more famous character .
gush etzion (, literally bloc of etzion) refers to a group of jewish villages established from the 1920s south of jerusalem on the northern part of mount hebron in judea , and destroyed during the 1948 arab-israeli war.	gush etzion (, literally bloc of etzion) refers to a group of jewish villages established from the 1920s south of jerusalem on the northern part of mount hebron in the southern west bank , and destroyed during the 1948 arab-israeli war.
on 12 april 2010, malik married indian tennis player sania mirza in a muslim ceremony at the posh taj krishna hotel in hyderabad, india for a mahr of rs.	on 12 april 2010, malik married indian tennis player sania mirza in a muslim ceremony at the taj krishna hotel in hyderabad, india for a mahr of rs.
new dwarf planet subclass decreed	new dwarf planet subclass established
as a condition of the bailout , citigroup's dividend payment has been reduced to 1 cent per share.	as a condition of the federal assistance , citigroup's dividend payment has been reduced to 1 cent per share.
todman died in new york city of a heart condition, only two days shy of his 63rd birthday.	todman died in new york city of a heart condition, two days shy of his 63rd birthday.
"in the united kingdom, the department for education and skills (dfes) has declared that ""... neither intelligent design nor creationism are recognised scientific theories and they are not included in the national curriculum."""	"in the united kingdom, the department for education and skills (dfes) has said that ""... neither intelligent design nor creationism are recognised scientific theories and they are not included in the national curriculum."""
there is a superb park in pudsey; features include pets corner, aquarium, bird houses, tropical greenhouse and a large play area for children.	there is a recreational park in pudsey; features include pets corner, aquarium, bird houses, tropical greenhouse and a large play area for children.
bashir was reported in 2009 to be the girlfriend of bafta-nominated actor toby kebbell.	bashir was reported in 2009 to be the girlfriend of actor toby kebbell.
code-named operation t-4, this policy of murdering german-born children and adults deemed not to meet the standards of the aryan race was a pre-cursor to the holocaust and many of the medical staff involved were later to transfer to nazi concentration camps where their expertise in killing was put to further diabolical use.	code-named operation t-4, this policy of murdering german-born children and adults deemed not to meet the standards of the aryan race was a pre-cursor to the holocaust and many of the medical staff involved were later to transfer to nazi concentration camps where their expertise in killing was put to further use.
german police found no explosives on the aircraft and all passengers were fortunately released unharmed.	german police found no explosives on the aircraft and all passengers were released unharmed.
freja beha erichsen (born 18 october 1987 in roskilde, denmark) also known as freja beha, is a danish super model.	freja beha erichsen (born 18 october 1987 in roskilde, denmark) also known as freja beha, is a danish model.
the saga surrounding red and his harsh treatment by police, remained with ned.	the saga surrounding red and his treatment by police, remained with ned.
"the work was based upon the real-life public dispute between german humanist johann reuchlin and fanatic dominican monks, especially the formerly jewish convert johannes pfefferkorn who had obtained imperial authority from holy roman emperor maximilian i to burn all known copies of the talmud in 1509. the title is an obvious reference to reuchlin's 1511 epistolae clarorum virorum (""letters of famous/bright men"") providing a collection of letters on scholarly and intellectual matters from eminent german humanists such as ulrich von hutten, johann crotus, konrad mutian, helius eobanus hessus, and others."	"the work was based upon the real-life public dispute between german humanist johann reuchlin and certain dominican monks, especially the formerly jewish convert johannes pfefferkorn who had obtained imperial authority from holy roman emperor maximilian i to burn all known copies of the talmud in 1509. the title is an obvious reference to reuchlin's 1511 epistolae clarorum virorum (""letters of famous/bright men"") providing a collection of letters on scholarly and intellectual matters from eminent german humanists such as ulrich von hutten, johann crotus, konrad mutian, helius eobanus hessus, and others."
girls' generation-tts (hangul: -, also known as tts, taetiseo or girls' generation-taetiseo) is the first official subgroup of south korean popular girl group girls' generation, formed by sm entertainment in 2012. it is composed of three girls' generation members, taeyeon, tiffany, and seohyun.	girls' generation-tts (hangul: -, also known as tts, taetiseo or girls' generation-taetiseo) is the first official subgroup of south korean girl group girls' generation, formed by sm entertainment in 2012. it is composed of three girls' generation members, taeyeon, tiffany, and seohyun.
"as indicated on the government of quebec's web site, the flag recalls the french royal banner said to have accompanied the army of general montcalm, marquis de saint-vran during the victorious battle of carillon in 1758. while the fleur-de-lis, a symbol of france's ancien rgime, may be thought of as ""counter-revolutionary"" in france today, it is a cherished symbol in quebec (which was never ruled by the french republic) and is prominent in its coat of arms."	"as indicated on the government of quebec's web site, the flag recalls the french royal banner said to have accompanied the army of general montcalm, marquis de saint-vran during the victorious battle of carillon in 1758. while the fleur-de-lis, a symbol of france's ancien rgime, may be thought of as ""counter-revolutionary"" in france today, it is a modern symbol in quebec (which was never ruled by the french republic) and is prominent in its coat of arms."
ed pechar bought the company in 1992 with his business partner, mike griesser who, until his tragic death in november 2004, oversaw the legal and regulatory functions of the distillery.	ed pechar bought the company in 1992 with his business partner, mike griesser who, until his death in november 2004, oversaw the legal and regulatory functions of the distillery.
for the tax year 2008 – 2009 this was up to 400, with the least polluting vehicles paying no excise duty at all.	for the tax year 2008 – 2009 this was up to 400, with the least emitting vehicles paying no excise duty at all.
"god & guns is the twelfth studio album by the southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd, released on september 29, 2009. the single ""still unbroken"" was released on july 27, 2009 followed by another track, ""simple life"", on august 4, 2009. hughie thomasson contributed to the writing of many songs, including this first single, before his passing ."	"god & guns is the twelfth studio album by the southern rock band lynyrd skynyrd, released on september 29, 2009. the single ""still unbroken"" was released on july 27, 2009 followed by another track, ""simple life"", on august 4, 2009. hughie thomasson contributed to the writing of many songs, including this first single, before his death ."
when ukraine gained her independence in 1991, yekhanurov started working for the kiev municipal government, overseeing economic reforms.	when ukraine gained independence in 1991, yekhanurov started working for the kiev municipal government, overseeing economic reforms.
elizabeth's death was the final sorrow for her mother, margot, who died within months of her daughter's passing .	elizabeth's death was the final sorrow for her mother, margot, who died within months of her daughter's death .
"in response to his knowledge of this following the 2011 attacks, fjordman distanced himself strongly from breivik, whom he referred to as a ""violent psychopath"", and said he ""intensely disliked"" that he was cited by breivik."	"in response to his knowledge of this following the 2011 attacks, fjordman distanced himself from breivik, whom he referred to as a ""violent psychopath"", and said he ""intensely disliked"" that he was cited by breivik."
the national alliance also has always claimed evidence that israel's mossad had launched the 2001 anthrax attacks, in part, in order to help set up the 2003 invasion of iraq, a longtime enemy of zionist israel.	the national alliance also has always claimed evidence that israel's mossad had launched the 2001 anthrax attacks, in part, in order to help set up the 2003 invasion of iraq, a longtime enemy of israel.
"these groups and nations are allegedly perceived by ""islamofascists"" as implacable enemies of islam, which must be subjugated or destroyed."	"these groups and nations are allegedly perceived by ""islamofascists"" as implacable enemies of islam, which must be neutralized (as in the case of spain) or destroyed."
in 1994 both groups were declared terrorists and outlawed by the israeli government, following their statements in support of the massacre of 29 arabs in the cave of the patriarchs by baruch goldstein, himself a kach member.	in 1994 both groups were declared terrorists and outlawed by the israeli government, following their statements in support of the mass killings of 29 arabs in the cave of the patriarchs by baruch goldstein, himself a kach member.
viola's work often exhibits a beautiful painterly quality, his use of ultra-slow motion video encouraging the viewer to sink into to the image and connect deeply to the meanings contained within it.	viola's work often exhibits a painterly quality, his use of ultra-slow motion video encouraging the viewer to sink into to the image and connect deeply to the meanings contained within it.
later he had a memorable cameo as a disgruntled staff sergeant assigned to driving hawkeye and trapper john around in japan in robert altman's 1970 masterpiece mash.	later he had a memorable cameo as a disgruntled staff sergeant assigned to driving hawkeye and trapper john around in japan in robert altman's 1970 film mash.
did not participate in 1985 because the ceremony in gothenburg happened to fall on may 4, 1985 - 5th anniversary of the death of yugoslav dictator josip broz tito	did not participate in 1985 because the ceremony in gothenburg happened to fall on may 4, 1985 - 5th anniversary of the death of yugoslav leader josip broz tito
the district includes some democratic areas in utah, such has the wealthy california transplant filled summit county, the hippie communities of grand county, the large greek communities of carbon county, the navajos of san juan county, and heavily democratic salt lake city and county.	the district includes some democratic areas in utah, such has the wealthy california transplant filled summit county, the liberal communities of grand county, the large greek communities of carbon county, the navajos of san juan county, and heavily democratic salt lake city and county.
the majority of world of warcraft's endgame content (for level 60 players) requires raiding, with 40- man raids making up the bulk of the game's development since release.	the majority of world of warcraft's endgame content (for level 60 players) requires raiding, with 40- player raids making up the bulk of the game's development since release.
rachael harris, 1989, film and television actress and comedienne .	rachael harris, 1989, film and television actress and comedian .
midwest christian outreach, inc (mcoi), is a non-denominational, ultra- conservative evangelical organization.	midwest christian outreach, inc (mcoi), is a non-denominational, conservative evangelical organization.
temurah is one of the three ancient methods, the other two are gematria and notarikon, used by the kabbalists to rearrange words and sentences in the bible to derive the esoteric substratum and deeper spiritual meaning of the words.	temurah is one of the three ancient methods, the other two are gematria and notarikon, used by the kabbalists to rearrange words and sentences in the bible , in the belief that by this method they can derive the esoteric substratum and deeper spiritual meaning of the words.
romania became independent in 1878, but millions of ethnically romanians lived outside its borders and as such it had irredentist aspirations toward transylvania, as well as bessarabia.	romania became independent in 1878, but millions of ethnically romanians lived outside its borders and as such it had aspirations toward transylvania, as well as bessarabia.
image:m96_helmet_denmark_005.jpg|spectra helmet used by the military of denmark currently occupying iraq	image:m96_helmet_denmark_005.jpg|spectra helmet used by the military of denmark currently in iraq
kieran mooney had been offaly's top scorer (0-8) in their achingly narrow loss to dublin in the leinster u-21 hurling final of 1972. kieran mooney along with sean bergin also represented the club in 1974, when an offaly side managed by brother denis minehan and captained by a young pdraig horan recorded a first-ever win over dublin in the leinster senior hurling championship.	kieran mooney had been offaly's top scorer (0-8) in their narrow loss to dublin in the leinster u-21 hurling final of 1972. kieran mooney along with sean bergin also represented the club in 1974, when an offaly side managed by brother denis minehan and captained by a young pdraig horan recorded a first-ever win over dublin in the leinster senior hurling championship.
he is particularly known for his alarmist concerns about web 2.0's undermining effect on culture and the authority of experts.	he is particularly known for his stridently expressed concerns about web 2.0's undermining effect on culture and the authority of experts.
this composition is another example of carl orff's brilliant use of orchestra, percussion and action on stage.	this composition is another example of carl orff's use of orchestra, percussion and action on stage.
the pacific institute has noted that several prominent scientists have criticized michaels' research conclusions:	the pacific institute has noted that several scientists have criticized michaels' research conclusions:
she improved her skills by flying bomber and fighter planes at the 1st aircraft regiment in eskiehir airbase and got experience after participating in the aegean and thrace exercises in 1937. in that same year, she took part in the military operation against the dersim riot and became the world's first female air force combat pilot.	she improved her skills by flying bomber and fighter planes at the 1st aircraft regiment in eskiehir airbase and got experience after participating in the aegean and thrace exercises in 1937. in that same year, she took part in the military operation against the dersim rebellion and became the world's first female air force combat pilot.
glashtte is a prestigious german watchmaker founded in 1845. they are one of the few watchmakers who use their own movement, and have 10 proprietary movement innovations.	glashtte is a german watchmaker founded in 1845. they are one of the few watchmakers who use their own movement, and have 10 proprietary movement innovations.
"bruce hood has argued that the increased popularity of homeopathy in recent times may be due to the comparatively long consultations practitioners are willing to give their patients, and to an irrational preference for ""natural"" products which people think are the basis of homeopathic remedies."	"bruce hood has argued that the increased popularity of homeopathy in recent times may be due to the comparatively long consultations practitioners are willing to give their patients, and to an indiscriminate preference for ""natural"" products which people think are the basis of homeopathic remedies."
in 1991, walt disney feature animation produced a famous musical animated film entitled beauty and the beast, directed by kirk wise and gary trousdale, with a screenplay by linda woolverton, and songs by alan menken and howard ashman.	in 1991, walt disney feature animation produced a musical animated film entitled beauty and the beast, directed by kirk wise and gary trousdale, with a screenplay by linda woolverton, and songs by alan menken and howard ashman.
"richardson reasonably interviewing ""australia's serial single mum"" on july 18 2005, today tonight screened a report by richardson about ""australia's serial single mum""."	"richardson aggresively interviewing ""australia's serial single mum"" on july 18 2005, today tonight screened a report by richardson about ""australia's serial single mum""."
as a prolific songwriter, barnes has both written and co-written songs for many artists, including:	as a songwriter, barnes has both written and co-written songs for many artists, including:
she performed two flawless programs during the event; both programs were intended as farewell performances of her competitive career.	she performed two programs during the event; both programs were intended as farewell performances of her competitive career.
"is an ongoing political dispute concerning the unusual dismissal of eight united states attorneys by the george w. bush administration in december 2006. the controversy began to receive nationwide attention in march 2007. multiple news organizations, as well as administration critics, have described it as a ""scandal"""	"is an ongoing political dispute concerning the dismissal of eight united states attorneys by the george w. bush administration in december 2006. the controversy began to receive nationwide attention in march 2007. multiple news organizations, as well as administration critics, have described it as a ""scandal"""
graphic series of photos showing vietnamese preparation of dog carcass for consumption	series of photos showing vietnamese preparation of dog carcass for consumption
in october 2009, standwithus campaigned against the inaugural conference of j street, a rival anti- israel lobby group.	in october 2009, standwithus campaigned against the inaugural conference of j street, a rival israel lobby group.
steamos is a debian gnu/ linux-based operating system in development by valve corporation designed to be the primary operating system for the steam machine game consoles.	steamos is a debian linux-based operating system in development by valve corporation designed to be the primary operating system for the steam machine game consoles.
in around 1991, before him was actually formed, mige, sexy ville and juha tarvonen did a demo of 'xilqa xilqa besa besa', but at this point they were called 'kafferi' but they had to change it due to racial content (it actually translates as 'black person').	in around 1991, before him was actually formed, mige, ville and juha tarvonen did a demo of 'xilqa xilqa besa besa', but at this point they were called 'kafferi' but they had to change it due to racial content (it actually translates as 'black person').
the dbr9's bodywork is a blend of optimum aerodynamic performance and the beauty of the db9 road car.	the dbr9's bodywork is a blend of optimum aerodynamic performance and the styling of the db9 road car.
the territories controlled by the brunei sultanate were treacherously taken under control by the british brooke dynasty.	the territories controlled by the brunei sultanate were taken under control by the british brooke dynasty.
doctor doom is a fictional supervillain that appears in the comic books published by marvel comics.	doctor doom is a fictional character that appears in the comic books published by marvel comics.
the church was looted and burned by albanian extremists after the arrival of the us kfor troops.	the church was looted and burned by albanian citizens after the arrival of the us kfor troops.
in december, under orders from clinton, arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into virginia and captured richmond, cutting off the major artery of materiel to the southern patriot effort.	in december, under orders from clinton, arnold led a force of 1,600 troops into virginia and captured richmond, cutting off the major artery of materiel to the southern colonial effort.
these opponents argued that the area's endemic health problems were unrelated to the toxic chemicals buried in the canal.	these parties argued that the area's endemic health problems were unrelated to the toxic chemicals buried in the canal.
thanks to slovakization,	due to slovakization,
in 2000, burger king came under fire for its chicken club, which boasted 700 calories, 44 grams of fat (nine of them saturated), and 1,300 milligrams of sodium, as well as the trans fat from the fryer shortening.	in 2000, burger king came under fire for its chicken club, which contained 700 calories, 44 grams of fat (nine of them saturated), and 1,300 milligrams of sodium, as well as the trans fat from the fryer shortening.
later in the season, o'kane would play an important role to help the club promoted to the championship following a 31 win over carlisle united on 20 april 2013, but sadly finished second place following doncaster rovers 10 victory over promotion-chaser brentford.	later in the season, o'kane would play an important role to help the club promoted to the championship following a 31 win over carlisle united on 20 april 2013, but finished second place following doncaster rovers 10 victory over promotion-chaser brentford.
some creationists claim that the second law of thermodynamics poses a problem for biological evolution.	many creationists claim that the second law of thermodynamics poses a problem for biological evolution.
28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was abducted by hamas terrorists on 25 june 2006. the first israeli soldier captured by palestinians since nachshon wachsman in 1994 , he is one of three israeli soldiers to have been captured during the conflicts in gaza and lebanon during summer 2006 (the other two being ehud goldwasser and eldad regev).	28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was abducted by hamas militants on 25 june 2006. the first israeli soldier captured by palestinians since nachshon wachsman in 1994 , he is one of three israeli soldiers to have been captured during the conflicts in gaza and lebanon during summer 2006 (the other two being ehud goldwasser and eldad regev).
"fox news' controversial ""fair and balanced"" trademark"	"fox news' ""fair and balanced"" trademark"
cheb bilal (born bilal mouffok) is a ra singer, who was born on 23 july 1966 in cherchel, algeria.	cheb bilal (born bilal mouffok) is an algerian ra singer, who was born on 23 july 1966 in cherchel, algeria.
certain artists, however, are controversial in that they claim christianity while playing in bands with explicitly anti-christian lyrics or themes.	certain artists, however, are controversial in that they claim christianity while playing in bands with apparently anti-christian lyrics or themes.
german colonialism under william ii put germany in conflict and risk of conflict on a number of occasions, the first during the boxer rebellion in qingdao, chinese civilians protested against the german presence in which wilhelm demanded a swift response saying that the chinese must be forced to remember german power in the same way as others remembered the huns, a statement which would later be used by war opponents to racistly mock germany during world war i and world war ii.	german colonialism under william ii put germany in conflict and risk of conflict on a number of occasions, the first during the boxer rebellion in qingdao, chinese civilians protested against the german presence in which wilhelm demanded a swift response saying that the chinese must be forced to remember german power in the same way as others remembered the huns, a statement which would later be used by war opponents to mock germany during world war i and world war ii.
blade (eric brooks) is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	blade (eric brooks) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
anthony pagden is distinguished professor of political science and history at the university of california, los angeles.	anthony pagden is a professor of political science and history at the university of california, los angeles.
ash wednesday gets its name from the superstition of placing ashes on the foreheads of the faithful as a sign of repentance.	ash wednesday gets its name from the practice of placing ashes on the foreheads of the faithful as a sign of repentance.
following the news of his death, scott became an iconic british hero, a status maintained without serious question for more than 50 years and reflected by the many permanent memorials erected across the nation.	following the news of his death, scott became an iconic british hero, a status maintained without question for more than 50 years and reflected by the many permanent memorials erected across the nation.
the summers of 1788 and 1789 he spent in france, where he met suard, degbrando, raynal, and learned to sympathize with the revolutionary movement.	the summers of 1788 and 1789 he spent in france, where he met suard, degbrando, raynal, and came to sympathize with the revolutionary movement.
the school, which is located in the phillips neighborhood of minneapolis, has made educating students from under-resourced families its mission.	the school, which is located in the phillips neighborhood of minneapolis, has made educating students from underprivileged families its mission.
three soldiers were martyred and another three wounded.	three soldiers were killed and another three wounded.
teamviewer was founded in 2005 in uhingen, germany and boasts over 15 million users worldwide.	teamviewer was founded in 2005 in uhingen, germany and has over 15 million users worldwide.
first-term senator john thune, a republican, was narrowly elected over democratic senate minority leader tom daschle with 51% of the vote in 2004. despite his lack of seniority, thune has risen to the position of chief deputy whip for the republican caucus.	first-term senator john thune, a republican, was narrowly elected over democratic senate minority leader tom daschle with 51% of the vote in 2004. in spite of his lack of seniority, thune has risen to the position of chief deputy whip for the republican caucus.
leavesden aerodrome was a british airfield created in 1940 by the de havilland aircraft company & the air ministry in the tiny village of leavesden, between watford and abbots langley, in hertfordshire.	leavesden aerodrome was a british airfield created in 1940 by the de havilland aircraft company & the air ministry in the village of leavesden, between watford and abbots langley, in hertfordshire.
the american dream, or the incorrect perception that americans enjoy high social mobility, plays a key role in attracting immigrants.	the american dream, or the perception that americans enjoy high social mobility, plays a key role in attracting immigrants.
in american motorsports coverage, there may be as many as two color men in the booth for a given broadcast.	in american motorsports coverage, there may be as many as two color commentators in the booth for a given broadcast.
elaine anderson scott steinbeck, married 1950. she died april 27, 2003. his ghost haunts their graves.	elaine anderson scott steinbeck, married 1950. she died april 27, 2003. his ghost is said to haunt their graves.
many presently accepted scientific theories or hypotheses were once criticised as being pseudoscientific.	in some cases, presently accepted scientific theories or hypotheses were once criticised as being pseudoscientific.
it is known especially by the temple of the order of the carmelite ones of the holy face, which is a heretical split of the catholic church and that ended up by being the catholic church palmariana.	it is known especially by the temple of the order of the carmelite ones of the holy face, which is a split of the catholic church and that ended up by being the catholic church palmariana.
a brilliant physics student at columbia university and freelance photographer for the daily bugle, who gets spider-like abilities from a genetically-modified spider and uses them to take up the persona of a spider-based vigilante protecting new york city from its criminal underworld.	a physics student at columbia university and freelance photographer for the daily bugle, who gets spider-like abilities from a genetically-modified spider and uses them to take up the persona of a spider-based vigilante protecting new york city from its criminal underworld.
aardman animations is a classy british stop motion animation studio founded by peter lord and david sproxton in 1972. nick park joined aardman in 1986, bringing his creations wallace and gromit with him.	aardman animations is a british stop motion animation studio founded by peter lord and david sproxton in 1972. nick park joined aardman in 1986, bringing his creations wallace and gromit with him.
oriol junqueras i vies (; born 11 april 1969) is a spanish historian and politician from catalonia, spain.	oriol junqueras i vies (; born 11 april 1969) is a historian and politician from catalonia, spain.
alexander martin lippisch (november 2, 1894 february 11, 1976) was a german aeronautical engineer, a pioneer of aerodynamics who made important contributions to the understanding of flying wings, delta wings and the ground effect, and also worked in the u.s. his most famous designs are the messerschmitt me 163 rocket-powered interceptor and the strange-looking aerodyne.	alexander martin lippisch (november 2, 1894 february 11, 1976) was a german aeronautical engineer, a pioneer of aerodynamics who made important contributions to the understanding of flying wings, delta wings and the ground effect, and also worked in the u.s. his most famous designs are the messerschmitt me 163 rocket-powered interceptor and the aerodyne.
the lack of conventional filmmaking ability in his work has earned wood and his films a considerable cult following.	the lack of filmmaking ability in his work has earned wood and his films a considerable cult following.
align= propaganda vehicle in ernakulam	align= campaign vehicle in ernakulam
serena valentino is a comic book writer, author, and storyteller.	serena valentino is an american comic book writer, author, and storyteller.
while this movie had a decent run in the box office, the movie was criticized for extreme lack of logic.	while this movie had a decent run in the box office, the movie was criticized for lack of logic.
truus van aalten (arnhem, 2 august 1910 - warmond, 27 june 1999), actress, she ran a souvenir import/export business in voorhout after 1954, after the nazis ended her career as a film comedienne in germany	truus van aalten (arnhem, 2 august 1910 - warmond, 27 june 1999), actress, she ran a souvenir import/export business in voorhout after 1954, after the nazis ended her career as a film comedian in germany
conan the bold is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the bold is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
the tegetthoff class (sometimes erroneously called the viribus unitis class) was a class of four dreadnought battleships built for the austro-hungarian navy.	the tegetthoff class (sometimes called the viribus unitis class) was a class of four dreadnought battleships built for the austro-hungarian navy.
sometime after midnight, eric rudolph, a christian terrorist who would later bomb a gay nightclub and two abortion clinics, planted a green knapsack containing a shrapnel-laden pipe bomb underneath a bench.	sometime after midnight, eric rudolph, a self-appointed terrorist who would later bomb a gay nightclub and two abortion clinics, planted a green knapsack containing a shrapnel-laden pipe bomb underneath a bench.
an election held in june 2016 to fill two seats on their council attracted only 11 voters.	an election held in june 2016 to fill two seats on their council attracted 11 voters.
it has been a leading private equity investor since 1971. the firm currently has approximately $14 billion under management, and invests in a range of industries including information and communication technology, financial services, healthcare, leveraged buyouts and special situations, media and business services, energy and real estate.	it has been a private equity investor since 1971. the firm currently has approximately $14 billion under management, and invests in a range of industries including information and communication technology, financial services, healthcare, leveraged buyouts and special situations, media and business services, energy and real estate.
bailey insists that he did nothing wrong and that the attacks on him were motivated by the desire to suppress discussion of the book's ideas about transsexualism, especially autogynephilia.	bailey says that he did nothing wrong and that the attacks on him were motivated by the desire to suppress discussion of the book's ideas about transsexualism, especially autogynephilia.
the ateneo-la salle rivalry is a school rivalry between two prestigious private universities in the philippines, the ateneo de manila university and de la salle university.	the ateneo-la salle rivalry is a school rivalry between two private universities in the philippines, the ateneo de manila university and de la salle university.
there could be an endless list of reasons why al-qaeda are seemingly inactive in the palestinian territories; one theory is that al-qaeda is unwilling to co-operate with the mainly sh'ia groups such as hezbollah who fund palestine's struggle against israel.	there could be an endless list of reasons why al-qaeda are seemingly inactive in the palestinian territories; one theory is that al-qaeda is unwilling to co-operate with the mainly sh'ia groups such as hezbollah who fund palestine's feud against israel.
"in a particularly clever way, leather goddesses forces the player to ""choose"" a gender for his or her character: the game's first scene is in a bar, and the player's character has a sudden, powerful urge to urinate."	"in a particularly unusual way, leather goddesses forces the player to ""choose"" a gender for his or her character: the game's first scene is in a bar, and the player's character has a sudden, powerful urge to urinate."
unfortunately , stainless steels are susceptible to localized corrosion under certain conditions, which need to be recognized and avoided.	however , stainless steels are susceptible to localized corrosion under certain conditions, which need to be recognized and avoided.
it should be noted that there remain many christians outside the fold of the unitarian universalist association, many otherwise quite conservative, who hew to universalism.	it should be noted that there remain many christians outside the fold of the unitarian universalist association, many otherwise theologically conservative, who hew to universalism.
this is probably a tribute to plant's son, karac, who died of a stomach infection in 1977 when he was 5.	this is thought by many to be a tribute to plant's son, karac, who died of a stomach infection in 1977 when he was 5.
rooney made his dbut for the club on 28 september, 2004 in the uefa champions league against fenerbahe, scoring a fabulous hat-trick and also an assist (the match finished in a 6-2 win for united).	rooney made his dbut for the club on 28 september, 2004 in the uefa champions league against fenerbahe, scoring a hat-trick and also an assist (the match finished in a 6-2 win for united).
the 2008 winner, 19-year-old university student jenny grant, tragically committed suicide in the early hours of september 13, 2008.	the 2008 winner, 19-year-old university student jenny grant, committed suicide in the early hours of september 13, 2008.
the liberal burnt orange report blog posted a reflective essay on her life along with photos and a plea to support urban outdoorsmen.	the burnt orange report blog posted a reflective essay on her life along with photos and a plea to support urban outdoorsmen.
he and his organization have been accused of staging various cowardly terrorist acts worldwide, most particularly the september 11, 2001 attacks on new york city and washington, d.c., which killed at least 2,752 people.	he and his organization have been accused of staging various terrorist acts worldwide, most particularly the september 11, 2001 attacks on new york city and washington, d.c., which killed at least 2,752 people.
showing his journey from a war torn sierra leone, the film relives kei's epic journey from refugee to soccer star.	showing his journey from a war torn sierra leone, the film relives kei's journey from refugee to soccer star.
he often can be seen playing gibson vs, gibson les pauls, ibanez s-series, ibanez artists arx300, and washburn vs. tribbett is also involved in the supergroup hellyeah which features chad gray from mudvayne along with legendary former pantera and damageplan drummer vinnie paul as well as nothingface guitarist tom maxwell and bassist bob zilla ex-damageplan.	he often can be seen playing gibson vs, gibson les pauls, ibanez s-series, ibanez artists arx300, and washburn vs. tribbett is also involved in the supergroup hellyeah which features chad gray from mudvayne along with former pantera and damageplan drummer vinnie paul as well as nothingface guitarist tom maxwell and bassist bob zilla ex-damageplan.
carter county is a county located in the u.s. state of tennessee.	carter county is a county located in the state of tennessee.
"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american supermodel and actress."	"cynthia ann ""cindy"" crawford (born february 20, 1966) is an american model and actress."
bizarrely , walkers package their cheese and onion crisps in blue packets, and salt and vinegar in green.	notably , walkers package their cheese and onion crisps in blue packets, and salt and vinegar in green.
this castle was probably destroyed in the native welsh rebellion of 1314. in 1760, the castle ruins were acquired by the marquesses of bute as part of a marriage settlement that brought the family vast estates in south wales.	this castle was probably destroyed in the native welsh rebellion of 1314. in 1760, the castle ruins were acquired by the marquesses of bute as part of a marriage settlement that brought the family large estates in south wales.
"however, because boone always spelled his name with the final ""e"", these particular inscriptions may be forgeries, part of a long tradition of phony boone relics."	"however, because boone spelled his name with the final ""e"", these particular inscriptions may be forgeries, part of a long tradition of phony boone relics."
this created runaway video game successes out of the shadowman & turok properties.	this created notable video game successes out of the shadowman & turok properties .
the textbook in question was written by the japanese society for history textbook reform, a conservative japanese organization, which, as its name implies, aims to revise japanese history to suit its nationalistic ends.	the textbook in question was written by the japanese society for history textbook reform, a conservative japanese organization, which, as its name implies, aims to revise japanese history to suit its rightist ends.
the new york times is a liberal newspaper published in new york city by arthur ochs sulzberger jr. and distributed internationally.	the new york times is a newspaper published in new york city by arthur ochs sulzberger jr. and distributed internationally.
during this remarkable season, which was his last as a player, cottee played for a different team in each of the top four divisions of english football in the same season, a rare achievement last performed by goalkeeper eric nixon in 198687.	during this season, which was his last as a player, cottee played for a different team in each of the top four divisions of english football in the same season, a rare achievement last performed by goalkeeper eric nixon in 198687.
hp subsequently eliminated 30,000 u.s. positions, saving 80,000. in february 2005, she was fired as chair and ceo after a boardroom disagreement.	hp subsequently eliminated 30,000 u.s. positions, maintaining 80,000. in february 2005, she was fired as chair and ceo after a boardroom disagreement.
it recounts a mythological history of the world from the creation to the descent of the children of israel into egypt, and contains some of the best-known stories of the old testament, including adam and eve, cain and abel, noah's ark, the tower of babel, and the biblical patriarchs.	it recounts a history of the world from the creation to the descent of the children of israel into egypt, and contains some of the best-known stories of the old testament, including adam and eve, cain and abel, noah's ark, the tower of babel, and the biblical patriarchs.
"kirsten louise ""kirstie"" alley (born january 12, 1951) is an american actress known for her role in the tv show cheers, in which she played rebecca howe from 1987-1993, winning an emmy as the outstanding lead actress in a comedy series for 1991."	"kirsten louise ""kirstie"" alley (born january 12, 1951) is an american actor known for her role in the tv show cheers, in which she played rebecca howe from 1987-1993, winning an emmy as the outstanding lead actress in a comedy series for 1991."
this bizarre camp was eventually broken up by 300 police, some in riot gear, who threatened to arrest the cult members for obstructing traffic.	this camp was eventually broken up by 300 police, some in riot gear, who threatened to arrest the cult members for obstructing traffic.
the united states opened 2012 with two 1-0 victories against venezuela and at panama; on february 29, 2012, they defeated 4 times world cup champions italy in a shocking 1-0 result, the first time the united states has ever defeated italy.	the united states opened 2012 with two 1-0 victories against venezuela and at panama; on february 29, 2012, they defeated 4 times world cup champions italy in a 1-0 result, the first time the united states has ever defeated italy.
some reviewers have stated that her voice is distracting in juxtaposition to her harp playing.	a few reviewers have stated that her voice is distracting in juxtaposition to her harp playing.
a girl with dimples.	a young woman with dimples.
leonard i. sweet is an author, preacher, scholar, and ordained united methodist clergy person currently serving as the e. stanley jones professor of evangelism at drew theological school, in madison, new jersey, and a visiting distinguished professor at george fox university in portland, oregon.	leonard i. sweet is an author, preacher, scholar, and ordained united methodist clergy man currently serving as the e. stanley jones professor of evangelism at drew theological school, in madison, new jersey, and a visiting distinguished professor at george fox university in portland, oregon.
in july 2014, the state duma passed a bill repealing the 2011 change, effectively putting moscow time on permanent utc+3.	in july 2014, the state duma passed a bill repealing the 2011 change, putting moscow time on permanent utc+3.
some muslims who charge christians with having corrupted the bible, believe that the ebionites (as opposed to mainstream christians) who were faithful to the original teachings of jesus with shared views about jesus' humanity, despite muslims believing in the virgin birth whilst denying the crucifixion which was contrary to the beliefs of the ebionites.	some muslims who charge christians with having corrupted the bible, believe that the ebionites (as opposed to orthodox christians) who were faithful to the original teachings of jesus with shared views about jesus' humanity, despite muslims believing in the virgin birth whilst denying the crucifixion which was contrary to the beliefs of the ebionites.
its roots are in protestantism, although christian beliefs are no longer required for adherents to modern unitarian universalism and most modern unitarian universalists (uus) do not consider themselves christian.	its roots are in protestantism, although christian beliefs are no longer required for adherents to modern unitarian universalism and most unitarian universalists (uus) do not consider themselves christian.
marcy rae is an american comedienne , singer and voice actress.	marcy rae is an american comedian , singer and voice actress.
it has never been reaired or legitimately released on video, but has been widely bootlegged by fans.	it has never been reaired or officially released on video, but has been widely bootlegged by fans.
"this stand enabled christian leaders to depict their faith as being no longer a ""foreign"" religion."	"this stand enabled christian leaders to describe their faith as being no longer a ""foreign"" religion."
model was a ruthless commander, willing to inflict and take casualties to stabilize his front.	model had a reputation of a ruthless commander, willing to inflict and take casualties to stabilize his front.
he alleges that vermont yankee and similar plants are vulnerable to a similar cascade of events as in japan.	he says that vermont yankee and similar plants are vulnerable to a similar cascade of events as in japan.
ulisses m. braga-neto is a professor at the texas a&m university and leading researcher in error estimation and pattern recognition.	ulisses m. braga-neto is a professor at the texas a&m university and researcher in error estimation and pattern recognition.
the extension had been projected to be financially self-sufficient, but this expectation has not been fulfilled, resulting in an acrimonious and strained relationship between bart and samtrans and draconian cuts in bus service by samtrans	the extension had been projected to be financially self-sufficient, but this expectation has not been fulfilled, resulting in an acrimonious and strained relationship between bart and samtrans and cuts in bus service by samtrans
however, one study noted that it was the above-cited dekeseredy et al.	however, one study argued that it was the above-cited dekeseredy et al.
"protesters later explained that the owner of the bay, the hudson's bay company, ""has been a symbol of colonial oppression for centuries"" as well as a major sponsor of the 2010 olympics."	"protesters later argued that the owner of the bay, the hudson's bay company, ""has been a symbol of colonial oppression for centuries"" as well as a major sponsor of the 2010 olympics."
vast right-wing conspiracy was a description used by then first lady of the united states hillary rodham clinton in 1998 in defense of her husband, president bill clinton, characterizing the baseless continued attacks on her and her husband (as well as the lewinsky affair) as a fabrication of clinton's political enemies.	vast right-wing conspiracy was a description used by then first lady of the united states hillary rodham clinton in 1998 in defense of her husband, president bill clinton, characterizing the continued attacks on her and her husband (as well as the lewinsky affair) as a fabrication of clinton's political enemies.
(revelation 20:13) the belief that those in sheol awaited the resurrection either in comfort (in the bosom of abraham) or in torment is reflected in the story of the new testament of lazarus and dives .	(revelation 20:13) the belief that those in sheol awaited the resurrection either in comfort (in the bosom of abraham) or in torment may be reflected in the story of the new testament of lazarus and dives .
the union war flag of 1815 was a swedish flag defaced with a canton showing a white saltire on red, meant to represent norway.	the union war flag of 1815 was a swedish flag with a canton showing a white saltire on red, meant to represent norway.
other cited reasons for censorship include homosexual characters not being portrayed as immoral, and strong language .	other cited reasons for challenges include homosexual characters not being portrayed as immoral, and strong language .
batman & robin was released on june 20, 1997 to aggressivly negative reviews and is often regarded as one of the worst films ever made.	batman & robin was released on june 20, 1997 to negative reviews and is often regarded as one of the worst films ever made.
starting in 2013, the journal publishes an online supplement, entitled the minnesota journal of international law humphrey supplement , that showcases scholarly articles written by hubert h. humphrey fellows.	starting in 2013, the journal publishes an online supplement, entitled the minnesota journal of international law humphrey supplement , that contains scholarly articles written by hubert h. humphrey fellows.
paul's principled stands on foreign policy issues have drawn support from across the political spectrum.	paul's stands on foreign policy issues have drawn support from across the political spectrum.
after the summit, the conversations continued on the mailing list, finally culminating in an elegant summarization of the shared thoughts by doug bradbury (6th march 2009) in the creation of the manifesto for software craftsmanship.	after the summit, the conversations continued on the mailing list, finally culminating in an summarization of the shared thoughts by doug bradbury (6th march 2009) in the creation of the manifesto for software craftsmanship.
the indictment against orevi alleges that some 105 kosovo albanians were killed in the massacre near the village of sudimlje on 2 may 1999. orevi was sentenced to 27 years in prison.	the indictment against orevi says that some 105 kosovo albanians were killed in the massacre near the village of sudimlje on 2 may 1999. orevi was sentenced to 27 years in prison.
passengers can request rides to or from henri coand airport using popular ridesharing apps available in bucharest, such as uber and taxify.	passengers can request rides to or from henri coand airport using ridesharing apps available in bucharest, such as uber and taxify.
bergamasco appeared on the cover and in the 2004 edition of les dieux du stade, a risqu calendar in which french rugby players pose nude.	bergamasco appeared on the cover and in the 2004 edition of les dieux du stade, a calendar in which french rugby players pose nude.
after washing the ether solution of the silicone oil with aqueous sodium bicarbonate , the solution is dried before the ether is evaporated off.	after washing the ether solution of the silicone oil with aqueous sodium sulfate , the solution is dried before the ether is evaporated off.
february 1945 the soviet red army approached the city of breslau (now wrocaw).	february 1945 the red army approached the city of breslau (now wrocaw).
a total of 17 swimmers (7 men and 10 women) were named to the dutch roster for the games on july 12, 2016, with stalwart sprinter ranomi kromowidjojo looking to defend her olympic titles in both the women's 50 and 100 m freestyle.	a total of 17 swimmers (7 men and 10 women) were named to the dutch roster for the games on july 12, 2016, with sprinter ranomi kromowidjojo looking to defend her olympic titles in both the women's 50 and 100 m freestyle.
the club also has a thriving junior section.	the club also has a junior section.
threatened by church of scientology	contacted by church of scientology
from its inception, northpark center has made world-class art an integral part of its interior landscape.	from its inception, northpark center has made art an integral part of its interior landscape.
shane richie (born 11 march 1964) is an english-born irish actor, comedian, singer and media personality, acclaimed for his portrayal of the character alfie moon in the bbc one soap opera eastenders.	shane richie (born 11 march 1964) is an english-born irish actor, comedian, singer and media personality, known for his portrayal of the character alfie moon in the bbc one soap opera eastenders.
"ernesto ""che"" guevara (; june 14, 1928 october 9, 1967), commonly known as el che or simply che, was an argentine marxist revolutionary, physician, author, intellectual, terrorist guerrilla leader, diplomat, military theorist, and major figure of the cuban revolution."	"ernesto ""che"" guevara (; june 14, 1928 october 9, 1967), commonly known as el che or simply che, was an argentine marxist revolutionary, physician, author, intellectual, guerrilla leader, diplomat, military theorist, and major figure of the cuban revolution."
at the cabinet meeting, the king declared that his name would be carl xvi gustaf and that his title would simply be king of sweden.	at the cabinet meeting, the king declared that his name would be carl xvi gustaf and that his title would be king of sweden.
in some countries 13 is considered a lucky number; for example, italy (except in some contexts, such as sitting at the dinner table), and tibet	in some regions 13 is considered a lucky number; for example, italy (except in some contexts, such as sitting at the dinner table), and tibet
the cadets' abominable behavior prompted apologies from numerous persons affiliated with the citadel including president gen rosa, lt col graham, the student body president, and many alumni and charleston residents.	the cadets' behavior prompted apologies from numerous persons affiliated with the citadel including president gen rosa, lt col graham, the student body president, and many alumni and charleston residents.
the final bcs standings could get even more controversial as the utah utes and boise state broncos ended up as the only two teams to finish the regular season undefeated, but have an outside chance of being in the bcs championship game.	the final bcs standings could get even more complicated as the utah utes and boise state broncos ended up as the only two teams to finish the regular season undefeated, but have an outside chance of being in the bcs championship game.
internationally acclaimed artist frank w wood painted a magnificent view of gullane in 1933.	internationally acclaimed artist frank w wood painted a view of gullane in 1933.
king david hotel bombing (july 22, 1946) was a bombing attack against the british government of palestine by members of irgun —a militant zionist terrorist organization.	king david hotel bombing (july 22, 1946) was a bombing attack against the british government of palestine by members of irgun —a militant zionist organization.
fiz from coronation street and irish comedienne katherine lynch.	fiz from coronation street and irish comedian katherine lynch.
"dylan also covered songs that weren't authentically traditional, such as ""tomorrow night"" (best known for lonnie johnson's hit version in 1947 and a brilliant version by elvis presley released in 1965) and stephen foster's ""hard times."""	"dylan also covered songs that weren't authentically traditional, such as ""tomorrow night"" (best known for lonnie johnson's hit version in 1947 and a version by elvis presley released in 1965) and stephen foster's ""hard times."""
hacking cult - a site with many great hacks of sonic the hedgehog	hacking cult - a site with many hacks of sonic the hedgehog
at a later news conference on january 14, 2006, ahmadinejad claimed his speech had been exaggerated and misinterpreted.	at a later news conference on january 14, 2006, ahmadinejad stated his speech had been exaggerated and misinterpreted.
christian apologists have noted that the obvious sex of the pagan myths is missing in the gospels:	christian writers have noted that the obvious sex of the pagan myths is missing in the gospels:
china is one of the world's oldest continuous civilizations, with a history characterized by repeated divisions and reunifications amid alternating periods of peace and war and violent dynastic change.	china is one of the world's oldest civilizations, with a history characterized by repeated divisions and reunifications amid alternating periods of peace and war and violent dynastic change.
"many frequently-cited examples of ""christian terrorism"" are more closely tied to racist ideology promoting white supremacy, such as the ku klux klan."	"many frequently-cited examples of ""christian terrorism"" are closely tied to racist ideology promoting white supremacy, such as the ku klux klan."
on july 8, 1999 former apollo astronaut pete conrad, one of only twelve men to ever walk on the surface of the moon, tragically died of injuries suffered from a motorcycle accident in forming light rain in ojai.	on july 8, 1999 former apollo astronaut pete conrad, one of only twelve men to ever walk on the surface of the moon, died of injuries suffered from a motorcycle accident in forming light rain in ojai.
in the current tv series hannah montana, miley falls for the hot actor from zombie high (a zombie show) named jake ryan.	in the current tv series hannah montana, miley falls for the actor from zombie high (a zombie show) named jake ryan.
nonetheless, radiohead being one of the most popular rock bands which has ever existed, the success of kid a may not only be driven by napster publicity but mostly by the group's notoriety.	nonetheless, radiohead being one of the most popular rock bands which has ever existed, the success of kid a may not only be driven by napster publicity but by the group's notoriety.
the gene h. lawson collection: the milwaukee road, a museum of pictures - fascinating picture collection along the pacific extension 1910-1980 approx.	the gene h. lawson collection: the milwaukee road, a museum of pictures - picture collection along the pacific extension 1910-1980 approx.
"ginzburg explained that baruch goldstein had acted in accordance with five central jewish teachings, including ""saving the life of fellow jews"" from an anticipated arab attack."	"ginzburg claimed that baruch goldstein had acted in accordance with five central jewish teachings, including ""saving the life of fellow jews"" from an anticipated arab attack."
chapter activities include holding political rallies, hosting guest speakers, fund raisers, registering voters, petitioning for fair ballot access, and serving as invaluable volunteers to local and statewide campaigns.	chapter activities include holding political rallies, hosting guest speakers, fund raisers, registering voters , petitioning for fair ballot access, and serving as volunteers to local and statewide campaigns.
additionally the commander sent a patrol of 50-55 men to find a way to attack a big german road block by the rear and try to liberate the remainder of the trapped men.	additionally the commander sent a patrol of 50-55 men to find a way to attack a german road block by the rear and try to liberate the remainder of the trapped men.
the ontario federation of labour is a prominent federation of labour unions in the canadian province of ontario.	the ontario federation of labour is a federation of labour unions in the canadian province of ontario.
according to political research associates, an american research group that tracks right-wing extremists , icke's ideas are popular in canada, where the new age aspect of his philosophy overshadows his more controversial beliefs.	according to political research associates, an american research group that tracks right-wing politics , icke's ideas are popular in canada, where the new age aspect of his philosophy overshadows his more controversial beliefs.
naghma (, born jan 1, 1964) is a popular afghan-american bitch .	naghma (, born jan 1, 1964) is a popular afghan-american singer .
unfortunately for the uswa, their biggest crowds came every monday night at the mid-south coliseum in memphis, tennessee.	as for the uswa, their biggest crowds came every monday night at the mid-south coliseum in memphis, tennessee.
dumouriez, intent on invading the netherlands, advanced late in the season and surprised the austrians with enormously superior forces.	dumouriez, intent on invading the netherlands, advanced late in the season and surprised the austrians with greatly superior forces.
a banana equivalent dose (abbreviated bed) is a nonstandard unit of radiation exposure, ostensibly defined as the additional dose a person will absorb from eating one banana.	a banana equivalent dose (abbreviated bed) is a nonstandard unit of radiation exposure, defined as the additional dose a person will absorb from eating one banana.
"on 30 november 2011 while being interviewed on bbc's the one show, clarkson commented on the uk's public sector strike that day, and jokingly said ""...i would have them taken outside and executed in front of their families..""."	"on 30 november 2011 while being interviewed on bbc's the one show, clarkson commented on the uk's public sector strike that day, and said ""...i would have them taken outside and executed in front of their families..""."
armenian genocide denial is the act of denying the assumed genocide of 1.5 million armenians during world war i, conducted by the ottoman government.	armenian genocide denial is the act of denying the planned systematic genocide of 1.5 million armenians during world war i, conducted by the ottoman government.
according to some sources the bulk of anti-semitic behavior can be ascribed to only a small minority of ak members other sources have characterized armica krajowa as anti-semitic organization with widespread anti-jewish tendencies	according to some sources the bulk of anti-semitic behavior can be ascribed to only a small minority of ak members other sources have characterized armica krajowa as anti-semitic organization with some anti-jewish tendencies
there is an extension campus, which is located in cheonan, a city in south chungcheong province, and which sits on the face of beautiful hills and a lake.	there is an extension campus, which is located in cheonan, a city in south chungcheong province, and which sits on the face of hills and a lake.
in 1526 when the disastrous battle with the turks happened and king louis ii died in the battlefield, gyrgy (juraj) was the chatelain of the castles tata and komrno.	in 1526 when the disastrous battle with the turks happened and louis ii died in the battlefield, gyrgy (juraj) was the chatelain of the castles tata and komrno.
it provides timely and accurate information; conducts investigations, research and campaigns and lobbies about country situations or individual cases.	it seeks to provide timely and accurate information; conducts investigations, research and campaigns and lobbies about country situations or individual cases.
make-up artist jack barron famously used bosco chocolate syrup as fake blood in the shower scene in alfred hitchcock's black and white masterpiece psycho (1960).	make-up artist jack barron famously used bosco chocolate syrup as fake blood in the shower scene in alfred hitchcock's black and white film psycho (1960).
jeff mangum (from neutral milk hotel), superchunk, the olivia tremor control, young marble giants, the magic band, the raincoats performing the raincoats (debut lp), a hawk and a hacksaw, tinariwen, the apples in stereo, fleet foxes, mike watt & george hurley perform the songs of the minutemen, robyn hitchcock performs i often dream of trains, group inerane, scratch acid, yann tiersen, elephant 6 holiday surprise, half japanese, low, boredoms, the fall, colin stetson, lost in the trees, micachu and the shapes, joann newsom, thurston moore, sebadoh, the mountain goats, tall firs and sun ra arkestra with more to be confirmed.	jeff mangum (from neutral milk hotel), superchunk, the olivia tremor control, young marble giants, the magic band, the raincoats performing the raincoats (debut lp), a hawk and a hacksaw, tinariwen, the apples in stereo, fleet foxes, mike watt & george hurley perform the songs of the minutemen, robyn hitchcock performs i often dream of trains, group inerane, scratch acid, yann tiersen, elephant 6 holiday surprise, half japanese, low, boredoms, the fall, colin stetson, lost in the trees, micachu and the shapes, joanna newsom, thurston moore, sebadoh, the mountain goats, tall firs and sun ra arkestra with more to be confirmed.
the pynchon references are even less clear.	the pynchon references are rather less clear.
sydney-newcastle freeway at ozroads superb site containing many existing and historical photo's.	sydney-newcastle freeway at ozroads detailed site containing many existing and historical photo's.
an estimated devistating 23 million people with aids have died since 1981.	an estimated 23 million people with aids have died since 1981.
jean harlow was an american actress and comedienne , who starred in a series of financially successful motion pictures throughout the 1930s.	jean harlow was an american actress and comedian , who starred in a series of financially successful motion pictures throughout the 1930s.
in may 2009, the institute issued a report on a major genomic study of 300 mestizos in the mexican population.	in may 2009, the institute issued a report on a genomic study of 300 mestizos in the mexican population.
lieutenant general abid al-hamid mahmud al-tikriti (c. 1957 june 7, 2012) was an iraqi military officer under saddam hussein 's deposed regime .	lieutenant general abid al-hamid mahmud al-tikriti (c. 1957 june 7, 2012) was an iraqi military officer under saddam hussein 's deposed government .
ayn rand also recognized that in humans, who are conscious organisms, the motivation to pursue life is experienced as the pursuit of a conscious statethe pursuit of happiness.	ayn rand also claimed that in humans, who are conscious organisms, the motivation to pursue life is experienced as the pursuit of a conscious statethe pursuit of happiness.
his successors continued with his great building program, but in 1755 the huge palace compound at meknes was severely damaged by an earthquake.	his successors continued with his building program, but in 1755 the huge palace compound at meknes was severely damaged by an earthquake .
he is renowned for leading muslim resistance to the european crusaders and eventually liberating palestine from the crusader kingdom of jerusalem.	he is renowned for leading muslim resistance to the european crusaders and eventually re-conquering palestine from the crusader kingdom of jerusalem.
kurdistan workers party (pkk) flagthe kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kontra-gel, is a terror organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.	kurdistan workers party (pkk) flagthe kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kontra-gel, is a militant organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.
aktor was a tribute to polish actor zbigniew cybulski, who died tragically in 1967. the album commemorated the 10th anniversary of his death.	aktor was a tribute to polish actor zbigniew cybulski, who died in 1967. the album commemorated the 10th anniversary of his death.
hege schyen (born 22 may 1957 in oslo) is a norwegian singer, actor and comedienne .	hege schyen (born 22 may 1957 in oslo) is a norwegian singer, actor and comedian .
although obama is a christian, some july 2008 polls showed that some americans incorrectly believed that he is muslim or was raised muslim (12% and 26%, respectively, in pew and newsweek polls).	although obama is a christian, some july 2008 polls showed that some americans believed that he is muslim or was raised muslim (12% and 26%, respectively, in pew and newsweek polls).
in an expos, they revealed that bell city officials were receiving obscenely large salaries, which were reported as the highest in the nation.	in an expos, they revealed that bell city officials were receiving unusually large salaries, which were reported as the highest in the nation.
the terrorist was shot dead as he attempted to flee the scene.	the driver was shot dead as he attempted to flee the scene.
in the movie, enchantress takes the city as her headquarters, turning the entire population into mindless monsters under her command while she performs a ritual that will ultimately exterminate mankind .	in the movie, enchantress takes the city as her headquarters, turning the entire population into mindless monsters under her command while she performs a ritual that will ultimately exterminate humanity .
as a strange sequel, general motors became the subject of a critical 2006 documentary, who killed the electric car?, following their controversial recall and destruction of virtually all examples of the pioneering all-electric car, the general motors ev1.	as a sequel, general motors became the subject of a critical 2006 documentary, who killed the electric car?, following their controversial recall and destruction of virtually all examples of the pioneering all-electric car, the general motors ev1.
most of those who made it to france were denounced and sent to allied prisons and camps.	most of those who made it to france were apprehended and sent to allied prisons and camps.
roelas has been compared to tintoretto and carracci, and is certainly the best of the andalusian painters.	roelas has been compared to tintoretto and carracci, and is ranked among the best of the andalusian painters.
howard stern (born january 12, 1954) is a left-wing american radio personality famous for shocking his audience, often called a shock jock.	howard stern (born january 12, 1954) is a american radio personality famous for shocking his audience, often called a shock jock.
pre-gubernatorial political experience	pre-gubernatorial political career
the thunderer is one of john philip sousa's best marches.	the thunderer is one of john philip sousa's marches.
bauer faced two primary challenges for re-election, and a general election in 2006. the first challenge was launched by mike campbell, son of legendary former governor carroll a. campbell, jr. (r).	bauer faced two primary challenges for re-election, and a general election in 2006. the first challenge was launched by mike campbell, son of former governor carroll a. campbell, jr. (r).
"at the time of its publication, it was christened ""the finest english war-novel yet issued"" by arnold bennett."	"at the time of its publication, it was called ""the finest english war-novel yet issued"" by arnold bennett."
the school offers to the students of hazlet, a comprehensive program of education ranging from an grotesque academically oriented, college preparatory curriculum to courses in the vocational and career oriented field.	the school offers to the students of hazlet, a comprehensive program of education ranging from an academically oriented, college preparatory curriculum to courses in the vocational and career oriented field.
"augustyn suski died in the auschwitz-birkenau concentration camp on may 26, 1942, while major edward gtt-getyski was shot dead in the same camp on january 25, 1943. other, previously arrested members of the organization, including tadeusz popek, were interrogated and tortured at the gestapo headquarters in zakopane in the cellars of the palace hotel (""death's head resort""  as called by its victims; some 300 innocent jews, including women and children, were killed there also)."	"augustyn suski died in the auschwitz-birkenau concentration camp on may 26, 1942, while major edward gtt-getyski was shot dead in the same camp on january 25, 1943. other, previously arrested members of the organization, including tadeusz popek, were interrogated and tortured at the gestapo headquarters in zakopane in the cellars of the palace hotel (""death's head resort""  as called by its victims; some 300 jews, including women and children, were killed there also)."
however, the owners of the town were the dominican friars from vilnius.	however, the owners of the town were the dominican friars from vilna .
some other humorous terms are now becoming more prevalent, including heteroflexible to refer to a person who identifies as heterosexual, but occasionally engages in same-sex sexual activities, or metrosexual to denote a straight man with stereotypically gay tastes in food, fashion and design.	some other terms are now becoming more prevalent, including heteroflexible to refer to a person who identifies as heterosexual, but occasionally engages in same-sex sexual activities, or metrosexual to denote a straight man with stereotypically gay tastes in food, fashion and design.
the telecast was also remembered for being the final public appearance of actress and comedienne lucille ball, where she and co-presenter bob hope were given a standing ovation.	the telecast was also remembered for being the final public appearance of actress and comedian lucille ball, where she and co-presenter bob hope were given a standing ovation.
this is then recorded to an audio file and transformed into a rom file using a simple program.	this is then recorded to an audio file and transformed into a rom file using a program.
"personal idiosyncrasies and tensions (the latter culminating in the out-of-town closing of a matter of position, a new play written by may and starring nichols) eventually drove this great comic duo apart to pursue other projects in 1961. happily, they later reconciled and worked together many times, including may's doctoring of more than one script of a nichols film (such as wolf; ""she saved my ass on that one,"" he has said) and, eventually, her providing the wonderful scripts for his movies the birdcage and primary colors."	"personal idiosyncrasies and tensions (the latter culminating in the out-of-town closing of a matter of position, a new play written by may and starring nichols) eventually drove this great comic duo apart to pursue other projects in 1961. happily, they later reconciled and worked together many times, including may's doctoring of more than one script of a nichols film (such as wolf; ""she saved my ass on that one,"" he has said) and, eventually, her providing the scripts for his movies the birdcage and primary colors."
this list of macintosh software reveals prominent mac os computer programs.	this list of macintosh software reveals mac os computer programs.
"a show trial that began on december 11 found matos guilty of ""treason and sedition"" and sentenced him to twenty years imprisonment, most of which were spent at the isle of pines where castro had been imprisoned in 1953. according to matos, ""prison was a long agony from which i emerged alive because of god's will."	"a trial that began on december 11 found matos guilty of ""treason and sedition"" and sentenced him to twenty years imprisonment, most of which were spent at the isle of pines where castro had been imprisoned in 1953. according to matos, ""prison was a long agony from which i emerged alive because of god's will."
the south african college schools, commonly referred to as sacs, is a prominent primary and secondary education institution located in newlands, cape town, south africa.	the south african college schools, commonly referred to as sacs, is a primary and secondary education institution located in newlands, cape town, south africa.
wigmore hall is rightly regarded as one of the world's foremost chamber music and recital venues and is the principal london musical home of many celebrated international musicians and ensembles.	wigmore hall is regarded as one of the world's foremost chamber music and recital venues and is the principal london musical home of many celebrated international musicians and ensembles.
in 1972, when salinger was 53, he had a year-long affair with 18-year old writer joyce maynard, already an experienced writer for seventeen magazine.	in 1972, when salinger was 53, he had a year-long relationship with 18-year old writer joyce maynard, already an experienced writer for seventeen magazine.
in april 2005, william cottrell, a 24-year-old american postgraduate student at caltech was sentenced to more than eight years in federal prison and $3.5 million in fines for firebombing or vandalizing 125 suvs at dealerships and a few homes in 2003. two of his comrades fled the country to avoid prosecution.	in april 2005, william cottrell, a 24-year-old american postgraduate student at caltech was sentenced to more than eight years in federal prison and $3.5 million in fines for firebombing or vandalizing 125 suvs at dealerships and a few homes in 2003. two of his associates fled the country to avoid prosecution.
"he bluntly suggests that we ""lay low""."	"he suggests that we ""lay low""."
the cast is fascinating for its family ties: bridget fonda is the daughter of peter fonda and niece of jane fonda; page hannah is the sister of daryl hannah; tyrone power jr. is the son of tyrone power; carrie hamilton is the daughter of carol burnett; and annabeth gish is a descendant of silent film stars dorothy gish and lillian gish.	the cast is notable for its family ties: bridget fonda is the daughter of peter fonda and niece of jane fonda; page hannah is the sister of daryl hannah; tyrone power jr. is the son of tyrone power; carrie hamilton is the daughter of carol burnett; and annabeth gish is a descendant of silent film stars dorothy gish and lillian gish.
social network facebook enrages its users by making its @facebook.com email system the default contact shown on profiles without asking for permission.	social network facebook perturbes some of its users by making its @facebook.com email system the default contact shown on profiles without asking for permission.
on december 7, 1941, the japanese launched a surprise attack on the neutral u.s. naval base at pearl harbor without warning, catching the u.s. servicemen there, especially those who were sleeping, off-guard.	on december 7, 1941, the japanese launched a surprise attack on the u.s. naval base at pearl harbor without warning, catching the u.s. servicemen there, especially those who were sleeping, off-guard.
the operation was launched with a view of eliminating the sikh extremists who had taken control of the amritsar golden temple complex.	the operation was launched with a view of eliminating the sikh militants who had taken control of the amritsar golden temple complex.
it was a slashing marxist critique of american capitalists of the late 19th century who, he argued, believed in a dog-eat-dog sort of ferocious competition endorsed by social darwinism as preached by william graham sumner.	it was a marxist critique of american capitalists of the late 19th century who, he argued, believed in a dog-eat-dog sort of ferocious competition endorsed by social darwinism as preached by william graham sumner.
"the discovery institute states that the textbook was ""peer-reviewed"" and suggests that it was written by authors with impeccable credentials:"	"the discovery institute states that the textbook was ""peer-reviewed"" and claim that it was written by authors with impeccable credentials:"
when lord egremont started to issue his red and black livery to more and more supporters, earl salisbury wisely informed king henry vi that trouble was afoot.	when lord egremont started to issue his red and black livery to more and more supporters, earl salisbury informed king henry vi that trouble was afoot.
murder most horrid is a bbc dark comedy anthology series starring comedienne dawn french.	murder most horrid is a bbc dark comedy anthology series starring comedian dawn french.
twisted, a fascinating networking framework for python	twisted, a networking framework for python
24 hours of le mans (24 heures du mans) is a famous sports car endurance race held at circuit de la sarthe near le mans, france, near river la sarthe.	24 hours of le mans (24 heures du mans) is the most famous sports car endurance race held at circuit de la sarthe near le mans, france, near river la sarthe.
this usage has now rendered many of the original harmless meanings somewhat taboo.	this usage has now rendered many of the original meanings somewhat taboo.
while at oxford he was a member of the infamously heavy drinking bullingdon club .	while at oxford he was a member of the old-established heavy drinking bullingdon club .
it could be installed by the manufacturer at the behest of a national signals intelligence service, or added later by anyone with physical access.	it could be installed by the manufacturer at the behest of their national signals intelligence service, or added later by anyone with physical access.
republican party (united states), a conservative party in the u.s.	republican party (united states), a political party in the u.s.
these four were roundly condemned by the hosts and most of the participants, and the first few questions concerned the allegedly racist reputation of the republican party.	these four were roundly condemned by the hosts and most of the participants, and the first few questions concerned the allegedly racist perception of the republican party.
in addition, more destroyed features: messages expanded (to read messages in chronological order from top to bottom); message history grid (table of quantities of messages for each month, with rows for years and columns for months) on the home page for prospective members; quoting in replies via group website (members who receive messages or digests via email will have no idea what the member who posted on group website replied to); option of viewing ascii art, computer programs and tables in plain text messages with fixed width font; view source in messages for ordinary members (necessary for tracking trolls by members and moderators of other groups); compatibility with browsers not supporting advanced javascript including browsers in mobile phones, pda and like.	in addition, more removed features: messages expanded (to read messages in chronological order from top to bottom); message history grid (table of quantities of messages for each month, with rows for years and columns for months) on the home page for prospective members; quoting in replies via group website (members who receive messages or digests via email will have no idea what the member who posted on group website replied to); option of viewing ascii art, computer programs and tables in plain text messages with fixed width font; view source in messages for ordinary members (necessary for tracking trolls by members and moderators of other groups); compatibility with browsers not supporting advanced javascript including browsers in mobile phones, pda and like.
roseanne aerobics: comedienne roseanne (katrina) comes to an aerobics class to teach exercise her way.	roseanne aerobics: comedian roseanne (katrina) comes to an aerobics class to teach exercise her way.
"maysoon zayid palestinian actress, comedienne , and disability rights activist known for her ted talk, ""i've got 99 problems...palsy is just one"""	"maysoon zayid palestinian actress, comedian , and disability rights activist known for her ted talk, ""i've got 99 problems...palsy is just one"""
the term british isles is often misunderstood, and is sometimes considered controversial .	the term british isles is often misunderstood, and is sometimes considered objectionable .
gumshoe's signature dirty green-brown overcoat is replaced by a new one in the trials and tribulations story, but makes a welcome return in ace attorney investigations: miles edgeworth.	gumshoe's signature dirty green-brown overcoat is replaced by a new one in the trials and tribulations story, but makes a return in ace attorney investigations: miles edgeworth.
maxine waters (born august 15 1938), american politician, has been a democratic member of the united states house of representatives since 1991, representing the 35th district of california.	maxine waters (born august 15 1938), united states politician, has been a democratic member of the united states house of representatives since 1991, representing the 35th district of california.
the shooting of a 12-year-old palestinian, muhammad al-durrah in 2000 figured prominently in the arab and world media.	the shooting of a 12-year-old palestinian, muhammad al-durrah on september 30, 2000 figured prominently in the arab and world media.
film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe stylish hollywood crime dramas, particularly those that emphasize moral ambiguity and sexual motivation.	film noir is a cinematic term used primarily to describe certain hollywood crime dramas, particularly those that emphasize moral ambiguity and sexual motivation.
he wrote several books, including his autobiography, rhubarb in the catbird seat; contributed to occasional sports documentary programs on radio and television, including ken burns' famous documentary baseball; and from 1981 until his death made weekly contributions to national public radio's morning edition program.	he wrote several books, including his autobiography, rhubarb in the catbird seat; contributed to occasional sports documentary programs on radio and television, including ken burns' documentary baseball; and from 1981 until his death made weekly contributions to national public radio's morning edition program.
restoration work at the church of the nativity in israel reveals a hidden angel mosaic.	restoration work at the church of the nativity in bethlehem reveals a hidden angel mosaic.
the current cuban government considers the u.s. presence in guantnamo to be illegal, arguing that the cuban-american treaty was procured by the threat of force in violation of international law.	the current cuban government considers the u.s. presence in guantnamo to be illegal, claiming that the cuban-american treaty was procured by the threat of force in violation of international law.
with expansive ocean and river frontage, satellite beach is the largest beachside community in south brevard county.	with both ocean and river frontage, satellite beach is the largest beachside community in south brevard county.
this film finds an alien, who is just misunderstood, bent on hunting down and devouring people.	this film finds an alien, who is misunderstood, bent on hunting down and devouring people.
"disillusionment with the stalinist government led him to compose a four-page short story, ""message for genevieve,"" published on returning to the united states in 1944. in this story, a woman journalist is executed by a firing squad after being tried in a secret court on charges of espionage."	"disillusionment with the anti-revisionist socialist government led him to compose a four-page short story, ""message for genevieve,"" published on returning to the united states in 1944. in this story, a woman journalist is executed by a firing squad after being tried in a secret court on charges of espionage."
the cherenkov light that is produced by cosmic rays in the upper atmosphere is incredibly dim, so veritas can only observe under clear, dark skies.	the cherenkov light that is produced by cosmic rays in the upper atmosphere is very dim, so veritas can only observe under clear, dark skies.
jessica leigh stroup (born october 23, 1986) is an american actress and comedienne , best known for her role as erin silver on 90210. she is regarded as a scream queen for starring in the horror films prom night, vampire bats, left in darkness, and the hills have eyes 2.	jessica leigh stroup (born october 23, 1986) is an american actress and comedian , best known for her role as erin silver on 90210. she is regarded as a scream queen for starring in the horror films prom night, vampire bats, left in darkness, and the hills have eyes 2.
the university of notre dame is a preeminent roman catholic institution of higher learning located adjacent to south bend, indiana, usa.	the university of notre dame is a roman catholic institution of higher learning located adjacent to south bend, indiana, usa.
"as a sign of the political influence of dylan's lyrics, the radical terrorist group the weathermen even named themselves after a lyric in his ""subterranean homesick blues"" (""you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows"")."	"as a sign of the political influence of dylan's lyrics, the radical guerilla group the weathermen even named themselves after a lyric in his ""subterranean homesick blues"" (""you don't need a weatherman to know which way the wind blows"")."
fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), founded in 1986, is a progressive group that works against and documents alleged bias in the media and erroneous reporting.	fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), founded in 1986, is a left-wing group that works against and documents alleged bias in the media and erroneous reporting.
the sad degradation of pad 19 itself is documented at by a docent of the above-referenced ccafs space and missile museum at	the degradation of pad 19 itself is documented at by a docent of the above-referenced ccafs space and missile museum at
assange has claimed he would go to sweden if provided with a diplomatic guarantee that he would not be turned over to the united states but the swedish foreign ministry stated that sweden's legislation does not allow any judicial decision like extradition to be predetermined.	assange has said he would go to sweden if provided with a diplomatic guarantee that he would not be turned over to the united states but the swedish foreign ministry stated that sweden's legislation does not allow any judicial decision like extradition to be predetermined.
"confucianism (; pinyin: rxu ; literally means ""the school of the scholars"", see also names for confucianism for details) is an east asian ethical and philosophical system derived from the teachings of the early chinese sage confucius."	"confucianism (; pinyin: rxu ; literally means ""the school of the scholars"", see also names for confucianism for details) is an east asian ethical and philosophical system derived from the teachings of the chinese sage confucius."
he signed to standard lige on the 29th of may 2012, but agreed with the club to end his contract on october 22 after standard was at that time only 12th in the belgian pro league.	he signed to standard lige on the 29th of may 2012, but agreed with the club to end his contract on october 22 after standard was at that time 12th in the belgian pro league.
october 18 anna russell, uk singer and comedienne , 94	october 18 anna russell, uk singer and comedian , 94
the shah gracefully commuted this sentence to solitary confinement for three years in a military prison, followed by house arrest for life.	the shah commuted this sentence to solitary confinement for three years in a military prison, followed by house arrest for life.
as chair of the ttc, giambrone has launched a number of customer service initiatives including a badly-needed new website , electronic service advisories , next vehicle arrival information systems , and an affinity discount program for the metropass.	as chair of the ttc, giambrone has launched a number of customer service initiatives including a new website , electronic service advisories , next vehicle arrival information systems , and an affinity discount program for the metropass.
network (valerie martin) is a fictional hero ine from the marvel comics universe.	network (valerie martin) is a fictional hero from the marvel comics universe.
"removing ""yippee"" and ""oops"" from young anakin's dialog making him a stronger character"	"removing ""yippee"" and ""oops"" from young anakin's dialog in order to make him a stronger character"
the chinese government would have to erect on the spot of the assassination of baron von ketteler a commemorative arch inscribed in latin, german, and chinese languages .	the chinese government would have to erect on the spot of the assassination of baron von ketteler a commemorative arch inscribed in latin, german, and chinese .
in 1263, nahmanides, rabbi of girona and later chief rabbi of catalonia, was ordered by king james i of aragon to take part in a public disputation with the apostate pablo christiani.	in 1263, nahmanides, rabbi of girona and later chief rabbi of catalonia, was ordered by king james i of aragon to take part in a public disputation with the convert pablo christiani.
joyce grenfell (19101979), english actress, comedienne and singer-songwriter	joyce grenfell (19101979), english actress, comedian and singer-songwriter
spore's main innovation, the basis of its startling scope and customizability, is that wright has returned to procedural generation.	spore's main innovation, the basis of its scope and customizability, is that wright has returned to procedural generation.
up to twenty-four iraqis were subsequently neutralized ; it is alleged that they were non-combatant local residents who were massacred by marines in the aftermath of the insurgent attack.	up to twenty-four iraqis were subsequently killed ; it is alleged that they were non-combatant local residents who were massacred by marines in the aftermath of the insurgent attack.
gunnarsson had connections to various rightwing extremist groups, among these the european workers party, the swedish branch of the fascist larouche movement.	gunnarsson had connections to various rightwing extremist groups, among these the european workers party, the swedish branch of the larouche movement.
both the vast age of the earth, now estimated by scientists to be about 4.5 billion years, and the common ancestry of all life ascribed by evolution, are hotly disputed in literalist creationism.	both the vast age of the earth, now estimated by scientists to be about 4.5 billion years, and the common ancestry of all life ascribed by evolution, are disputed in literalist creationism.
the situation is worse at the graduate level, where the conditions are perfect for procrastinationintangible mental work with flexible deadlines and unclear goals.	the situation is worse at the graduate level, where the conditions are perfect for procrastinationintangible mental work with flexible deadlines and often self-defined goals.
"in july 2011, she began her major musical career by releasing her first single, ""ponponpon""."	"in july 2011, she began her musical career by releasing her first single, ""ponponpon""."
many have bought real estate.	some have bought real estate.
callaway is also a professor in the prestigious usc school of cinematic arts at the university of southern california.	callaway is also a professor in the usc school of cinematic arts at the university of southern california.
enjoyed papal visits from pope john paul ii in may 1980 and august 1985.	received papal visits from pope john paul ii in may 1980 and august 1985.
it reflects the surprising fact that observers moving at different velocities may measure different distances, elapsed times, and even different orderings of events.	it reflects the fact that observers moving at different velocities may measure different distances, elapsed times, and even different orderings of events.
the kurds are an iranian ethic group inhabiting parts of iran, iraq, syria, and turkey (a region commonly referred to as kurdistan).	the kurds are an ethic group inhabiting parts of iran, iraq, syria, and turkey (a region commonly referred to as kurdistan).
despite harsh criticism from domestic conservative politicians, the opposition, and critics, elbegdorj's decision was positively received internationally.	despite much criticism from domestic conservative politicians, the opposition, and critics, elbegdorj's decision was positively received internationally.
the controversial appearance was initiated after a change in the bbc position on coverage of the bnp following their electoral performance in the june 2009 european parliament elections, in which they polled 940,000 votes and gained two british seats in the european parliament.	the appearance was initiated after a change in the bbc position on coverage of the bnp following their electoral performance in the june 2009 european parliament elections, in which they polled 940,000 votes and gained two british seats in the european parliament.
map of ethiopia highlighting ogaden region.	map of ethiopia highlighting the somali region .
this treatment offers the best prognosis for long-term survival, but unfortunately only 10-15% of patients are suitable for surgical resection.	this treatment offers the best prognosis for long-term survival, but only 10-15% of patients are suitable for surgical resection.
vysa (devangar: ) is a central and much revered figure in the majority of hindu traditions.	vysa (devangar: ) is a central and revered figure in the majority of hindu traditions.
its editorial leanings are liberal , in contrast to its more conservative-leaning competitor, the tampa tribune.	its editorial leanings are marxist, anti-family, anti-soilder, and pro-saddam , in contrast to its more conservative-leaning competitor, the tampa tribune.
many native artworks were considered pagan idols and destroyed by spanish invasors .	many native artworks were considered pagan idols and destroyed by spanish explorers .
finding healing powers in plants is an ancient idea.	finding healing properties in plants is an ancient idea.
kof xii uses newly-drawn 2d sprites on detailed 2d backgrounds.	kof xii uses newly-drawn 2d sprites on 2d backgrounds.
it was the second to last film produced by famed harry saltzman.	it was the second to last film produced by harry saltzman.
a consequence of the above is that beta supports nested classes; and beta's nested classes are indeed one of the primary sources of inspiration for java's so-called inner classes.	a consequence of the above is that beta supports nested classes; and beta's nested classes are indeed one of the primary sources of inspiration for java's inner classes.
regulation of parties may run from a crackdown on or repression of all opposition parties, a norm for authoritarian governments, to the repression of certain parties which hold or promote ideals which run counter to the general ideology of the state's incumbents (or possess membership by-laws which are legally unenforceable).	regulation of parties may run from a crackdown on or repression of all opposition parties, a norm for authoritarian governments, to the repression of certain parties which hold or promote views which run counter to the general ideology of the state's incumbents (or possess membership by-laws which are legally unenforceable).
what part of the invasion force that made it ashore was quickly defeated as president kennedy was unwilling to offer overt us military support, the only possibility to make the invasion succeed .	what part of the invasion force that made it ashore was quickly defeated as president kennedy was unwilling to offer overt us military support, the only possibility to make the invasion successful for the usa .
muhammad as a peaceful wanderer, in the desert, at sunset.	muhammad as a simple wanderer, in the desert, at sunset.
irving's credentials as a historian have been attacked as a result of controversy surrounding his holocaust denial and misrepresentation of historical evidence.	irving's credentials as a historian have been discredited as a result of controversy surrounding his holocaust denial and misrepresentation of historical evidence.
mary poppins is an award-winning disney theatrical musical based on the similarly-titled series of children's books and the hit disney 1964 film.	mary poppins is an disney theatrical musical based on the similarly-titled series of children's books and the hit disney 1964 film.
the 3rd marquess of salisbury (1830-1903) had been a great late victorian prime minister; the 4th marquess of salisbury (1861-1947) had been tory leader of the house of lords; the 5th marquess of salisbury (1893-1972) had been also a leading conservative politician in the house of lords.	the 3rd marquess of salisbury (1830-1903) had been a late victorian prime minister; the 4th marquess of salisbury (1861-1947) had been tory leader of the house of lords; the 5th marquess of salisbury (1893-1972) had been also a leading conservative politician in the house of lords.
"masala chai (; literally ""mixed-spice tea"") is a flavoured tea beverage made by brewing black tea with a mixture of aromatic indian spices and herbs."	"masala chai (; literally ""mixed-spice tea"") is a flavoured tea beverage made by brewing black tea with a mixture of aromatic spices and herbs."
renowned film producer david parfitt belonged to this company before achieving worldwide fame and is now a patron of the theatre.	film producer david parfitt belonged to this company before achieving worldwide fame and is now a patron of the theatre.
however, al-husayni did not accept these assurances, and continued his lies , which caused widespread hostility against the jews among arabs.	however, al-husayni did not accept these assurances, and continued his allegations , which caused widespread hostility against the jews among arabs.
over the next nine years, he perfected his method of cooking chicken.	over the next nine years, he developed his method of cooking chicken.
alberto ponce (born alberto gonzalez munoz) is a spanish classical guitarist and renowned teacher born in 1935 in madrid, spain, who since 1962 has lived and taught in france.	alberto ponce (born alberto gonzalez munoz) is a spanish classical guitarist and teacher born in 1935 in madrid, spain, who since 1962 has lived and taught in france.
"he is also shown to have been a drug abuser (e.g., in ""guts"" and ""this sorrowful life"")."	"he is also shown to have been a drug user (e.g., in ""guts"" and ""this sorrowful life"")."
the methodologies above are very common and a quick google search will turn up all kinds of information regarding how to implement them.	the methodologies above are very common and a quick web search will turn up all kinds of information regarding how to implement them.
"despite hong kong's reversion from british to chinese rule, the region's english name remains ""hong kong"" (which sounds closer to the pronunciation in the local cantonese language), and not, as some sources suggest, xinggng (the mandarin chinese equivalent)."	"despite hong kong's reversion from british to chinese rule, the region's english name remains ""hong kong"" (which sounds closer to the pronunciation in the local cantonese language), and not, as some sources suggest, xinggng (the mandarin equivalent)."
german audiences would prove more appreciative of his work; a revised version of cenerentola was a hit in bremen in 1902, while the beautiful cantata la vita nuova brought the young composer international fame.	german audiences would prove more appreciative of his work; a revised version of cenerentola was a hit in bremen in 1902, while the cantata la vita nuova brought the young composer international fame.
grand rabbi aaron teitelbaum (b.	rabbi aaron teitelbaum (b.
he scored his first goal for the club, a penalty, against in the football league cup in august 2010 and an impressive injury-time equaliser at home against bolton wanderers in november 2010 was beckford's first league goal for the toffees.	he scored his first goal for the club, a penalty, against in the football league cup in august 2010 and an injury-time equaliser at home against bolton wanderers in november 2010 was beckford's first league goal for the toffees.
"soon after, the family moved to riverside,ca and ran a novelty/ magic shop called ""fun-n-stuff"" until buddy and rosemary retired in 1991. buddy and rosemary were married 46 years, until her passing in 1997. in 2005, buddy moved to an independent living community in webster, ny to be closer to his daughter, gretchen, son-in-law, jim, and granddaughters, anika and carly."	"soon after, the family moved to riverside,ca and ran a novelty/ magic shop called ""fun-n-stuff"" until buddy and rosemary retired in 1991. buddy and rosemary were married 46 years, until her death in 1997. in 2005, buddy moved to an independent living community in webster, ny to be closer to his daughter, gretchen, son-in-law, jim, and granddaughters, anika and carly."
may 28 – daniel francois malan defeats jan smuts and becomes prime minister of south africa, ushering in the heinous era of apartheid, which is finally dismantled by f w de klerk in 1994.	may 28 – daniel francois malan defeats jan smuts and becomes prime minister of south africa, ushering in the era of apartheid, which is finally dismantled by f w de klerk in 1994.
amin maalouf also discusses further cannibalism incidents on the march to jerusalem, and to the efforts made to delete mention of these from western history.	amin maalouf also alleges further cannibalism incidents on the march to jerusalem, and to the efforts made to delete mention of these from western history.
chinese languages : 20 (0.2%).	chinese: 20 (0.2%).
these claims were refuted by the wgi.	these claims were disputed by the wgi.
the united states, through its constitution and various international agreements, supposedly has an obligation to support religious freedom around the world by skirmishing religious intolerance in countries that put sanctions on the religious rights of the people.	the united states, through its constitution and various international agreements, has an obligation to support religious freedom around the world by skirmishing religious intolerance in countries that put sanctions on the religious rights of the people.
"the song ""innocent"" was used in wb's hit series smallville."	"the song ""innocent"" was used in wb's series smallville."
charles lennox richardson was the english merchant from shanghai who was in japan and was murdered during the namamugi incident by the satsuma retainers of shimazu hisamitsu on september 14.	charles lennox richardson was the english merchant from shanghai who was in japan and was killed during the namamugi incident by the satsuma retainers of shimazu hisamitsu on september 14.
other aspects of bringing the fantastic story to life include the complex sword-fighting sequences, for which the actors were trained.	other aspects of bringing the story to life include the complex sword-fighting sequences, for which the actors were trained.
the fire control system of the p'okp'ung-ho is relatively modern and based on the presence of a meteorological mast is almost certainly computerized, and some reports claim that it may be based on the vastly superior, if aging chieftain fcs, which iran may have illegally exchanged for north korean technology.	the fire control system of the p'okp'ung-ho is relatively modern and based on the presence of a meteorological mast is almost certainly computerized, and some reports claim that it may be based on the possibly superior, if aging chieftain fcs, which iran may have illegally exchanged for north korean technology.
the occ fulfills a number of main objectives:	the occ pursues a number of main objectives:
in addition to blunting the indian army's attacks in several sectors, and inflicting minor damage to some iaf bases, paf claimed 104 aircraft destroyed for a loss of 19 aircraft, while india stated a loss of 35 aircraft compared to 12 paf aircraft destroyed.	in addition to blunting the indian army's attacks in several sectors, and inflicting damage to some iaf bases, paf claimed 104 aircraft destroyed for a loss of 19 aircraft, while india stated a loss of 35 aircraft compared to 12 paf aircraft destroyed.
"bruskewitz has described homosexuality as ""degeneration"" and ""a perversion that is repulsive to normal human beings"" and referred insultingly to gays and lesbians as people who put their ""organs into the wrong orifice""."	"bruskewitz has described homosexuality as ""degeneration"" and ""a perversion that is repulsive to normal human beings"" and referred to gays and lesbians as people who put their ""organs into the wrong orifice""."
"on october 23, 2001, apple computer unveiled the first generation ipod, a 5 gb hard drive based dap with a 1.8"" toshiba hard drive and a massive 2"" monochrome display."	"on october 23, 2001, apple computer unveiled the first generation ipod, a 5 gb hard drive based dap with a 1.8"" toshiba hard drive and a 2"" monochrome display."
to be or not to be, now regarded to be one of the best exponents out of all lubitsch's, benny's, and lombard's luminous careers, was not appreciated by the general public who felt that making fun of such a real threat of the nazis was revolting.	to be or not to be, now regarded to be one of the best exponents out of all lubitsch's, benny's, and lombard's careers, was not appreciated by the general public who felt that making fun of such a real threat of the nazis was revolting.
"in the spring of 2014 levene went to prague to record ""commercial zone 2014"", which was successfully backed via a crowdsourcing campaign at indiegogo.com."	"in the spring of 2014 levene went to prague to record ""commercial zone 2014"", which was backed via a crowdsourcing campaign at indiegogo.com."
"instead, west fittingly voiced the part of simon trent, a washed-up actor who used to play a superhero in a tv series called ""the gray ghost"" and who, now typecast as the gray ghost, has difficulty finding work."	"instead, west voiced the part of simon trent, a washed-up actor who used to play a superhero in a tv series called ""the gray ghost"" and who, now typecast as the gray ghost, has difficulty finding work."
morality, in the strictest sense of the word, deals with that which is innately regarded as right or wrong.	morality, in the strictest sense of the word, deals with that which is regarded as right or wrong.
"dragoljub ""draa"" mihailovi (serbian cyrillic: - ; also known as or ia) (april 27, 1893 - july 17, 1946) was a serbian general now primarily remembered as the world war ii leader of the collaborationist resistance movement, the chetniks."	"dragoljub ""draa"" mihailovi (serbian cyrillic: - ; also known as or ia) (april 27, 1893 - july 17, 1946) was a serbian general now primarily remembered as the world war ii leader of the resistance movement, the chetniks."
"the movie was moderately controversial, partly due to the graphic (but largely off-screen) violence and partly due to its perceived racism, as tarantino himself played a sympathetic character who freely used the offensive words ""nigger."""	"the movie was moderately controversial, partly due to the graphic (but largely off-screen) violence and partly due to its perceived racism, as tarantino himself played a sympathetic character who freely used the words ""nigger."""
this article reviews some of the details of radio communications at the september 11, 2001 world trade center tragedy .	this article reviews some of the details of radio communications at the september 11, 2001 world trade center attacks .
mica has been opposed to the federal government contributing any additional funds towards repairing the aging metrorail system.	mica has been opposed to the federal government contributing any additional funds towards repairing the metrorail system.
tightwad owner charles comiskey struggled to find replacements for his stars.	owner charles comiskey struggled to find replacements for his stars.
addiction exacts an astoundingly high toll on individuals and society as a whole through the direct adverse effects of drugs and associated healthcare costs, the functional consequences of altered neuroplasticity in the brain, and the loss of productivity.	addiction exacts an high toll on individuals and society as a whole through the direct adverse effects of drugs and associated healthcare costs, the functional consequences of altered neuroplasticity in the brain, and the loss of productivity.
oracle team usa's larry ellison declared that the 34th america's cup would be sailed on revolutionary ac72 class wing-sail catamarans.	oracle team usa's larry ellison declared that the 34th america's cup would be sailed on the ac72 class wing-sail catamarans.
initially, it would retreat to a foreign country, possibly switzerland or spain, the latter ruled by francisco franco's fascist government.	initially, it would retreat to a foreign country, possibly switzerland or spain, the latter ruled by francisco franco's government.
osama bin muhammad bin 'awad bin laden (; born march 10, 1957 ), most often mentioned as osama bin laden or usuma bin laden, is a saudi arabian militant islamist and is widely believed to be one of the founders of the terrorist organization called al-qaeda.	osama bin muhammad bin 'awad bin laden (; born march 10, 1957 ), most often mentioned as osama bin laden or usuma bin laden, is a saudi arabian militant islamist and is widely believed to be one of the founders of the organization called al-qaeda.
it has attracted attention among winemakers in the new world, where it ripens more reliably and has been made into blockbuster single varietal wine.	it has attracted attention among winemakers in the new world, where it ripens more reliably and has been made into single varietal wine.
in many cases, the ottomans allowed subject peoples including christians of many denominations and jews have their own communities where their own peculiar laws and customs were practiced as a part of the ottoman whole; which often included separate legal codes for each territory that included the retention of many local customs and traditions.	in many cases, the ottomans allowed subject peoples including christians of many denominations and jews have their own communities where their own particular laws and customs were practiced as a part of the ottoman whole; which often included separate legal codes for each territory that included the retention of many local customs and traditions.
its name stems from andersons legendary record label, polar records.	its name stems from andersons record label, polar records.
the evil overlord list, also known as if i were an evil overlord, is one of several popular lists of planned actions for a competent evil overlord to avoid the well-known, clich blunders committed by supervillains in popular fictional works, typically explained in a comical fashion.	the evil overlord list, also known as if i were an evil overlord, is one of several popular lists of planned actions for a competent evil overlord to avoid the well-known, clich stuff committed by supervillains in popular fictional works, typically explained in a comical fashion.
the sense that the mother will be more apt to follow the natural flow of her individual birth in an undisturbed birth setting, thus enabling her to find the optimum positions or techniques to birth her child safely.	the belief that the mother will be more apt to follow the natural flow of her individual birth in an undisturbed birth setting, thus enabling her to find the optimum positions or techniques to birth her child safely.
the official remix features the r&b legend r. kelly and the american rapper fabolous.	the official remix features the r&b singer r. kelly and the american rapper fabolous.
the infamous ubuntu-calendar package	the controversial ubuntu-calendar package
kyriakos stratilatis (born 5 january 1988) is a promising goalkeeper, currently playing for levadiakos f.c.	kyriakos stratilatis (born 5 january 1988) is a goalkeeper, currently playing for levadiakos f.c.
wilderness preservation is central to deep ecology; a philosophy that recognizes an inherent worth of all living beings, regardless of their instrumental utility to human needs.	wilderness preservation is central to deep ecology; a philosophy that believes in an inherent worth of all living beings, regardless of their instrumental utility to human needs.
arular is the highly anticipated debut album by controversial uk rap artist, m.i.a.. the album is titled after her father's political code name used during the tamil independence movements.	arular is the highly anticipated debut album by uk rap artist, m.i.a.. the album is titled after her father's political code name used during the tamil independence movements.
from the valley raslasierra access is steep and usually have the base of the picturesque town of villa de las rosas.	from the valley raslasierra access is steep and usually have the base of the town of villa de las rosas.
the territory remained under moroccan occupation .	the territory remained under moroccan control .
dr. monica quartermaine (ne bard; formerly webber) is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	dr. monica quartermaine (ne bard; formerly webber) is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
after remand to the california state courts, grosso's implied contract claim was found to be utterly without merit.	after remand to the california state courts, grosso's implied contract claim was found to be without merit.
"william john bennett (born july 31, 1943) served as united states secretary of education from 1985 to 1988. he also occupied the post of ""drug czar"" under george h. w. bush."	"william john bennett (born july 31, 1943) served as united states secretary of education from 1985 to 1988. he also held the post of ""drug czar"" under george h. w. bush."
he was however, a strong supporter of roy mason, who took a hard line against both loyalist and republican terrorists .	he was however, a strong supporter of roy mason, who took a hard line against both loyalist and republican paramilitaries .
john calvin (; 10 july 150927 may 1564) was a french theologian and pastor during the protestant reformation.	john calvin (; 10 july 150927 may 1564) was an influential french theologian and pastor during the protestant reformation.
perhaps his greatest film role was that of the wife-murderer in rear window, although he is also infamous for the english-language inserts into the american version of the movie godzilla, king of the monsters.	perhaps his greatest film role was that of the wife-murderer in rear window, although he is also known for the english-language inserts into the american version of the movie godzilla, king of the monsters.
feldt activated the planned parenthood action fund, the organization's political action committee, launching what was the most aggressive electoral advocacy effort in its history.	feldt activated the planned parenthood action fund, the organization's political action committee, launching what was the most far reaching electoral advocacy effort in its history.
jordan's father is african-american and his mother is persian- jewish .	jordan's father is african-american and his mother is jewish.
in june 2003, the caia park estate in wrexham was hit by riots, after supporters of the racist british national party attacked several iraqi kurds livng in the area, under the misconception that they had been given preferential treatment due to their status as asylum seekers.	in june 2003, the caia park estate in wrexham was hit by riots, after supporters of the british national party attacked several iraqi kurds livng in the area, under the misconception that they had been given preferential treatment due to their status as asylum seekers.
according to the same pattern, a significant number of orthodox christians became re- united with the rest of the catholic world (greek catholics).	according to the same pattern, a significant number of orthodox christians became united with the rest of the catholic world (greek catholics).
yates is also a talented writer and director.	yates is also a writer and director.
dick marty (switzerland), appointed in late 2005 as rapporteur to investigate the cia extraordinary renditions scandal and organ theft in kosovo by the terrorist kosovo liberation army from the kosovo war, in 1998-2001	dick marty (switzerland), appointed in late 2005 as rapporteur to investigate the cia extraordinary renditions scandal and organ theft in kosovo by the kosovo liberation army from the kosovo war, in 1998-2001
in contrast to his father's tactics, sambhaji permitted torture, rape and violence by his forces viciously against civilian populations.	in contrast to his father's tactics, sambhaji permitted torture, rape and violence by his forces against civilian populations.
"unfortunately , warner brothers indefinitely delayed the ""special edition"" release after legal disputes began with the film's original bond guarantors (specifically jerry perenchio), who were ceded ownership of the film when the shooting ran over budget from $21.5 to $28 million."	"however , warner brothers indefinitely delayed the ""special edition"" release after legal disputes began with the film's original bond guarantors (specifically jerry perenchio), who were ceded ownership of the film when the shooting ran over budget from $21.5 to $28 million."
he has a reputation for being extremely friendly to his fans, often asking questions, and genuinely caring what his fans think.	he has a reputation for being friendly to his fans, often asking questions, and genuinely caring what his fans think.
along with the magnificent wats a significant part of the old town's appeal are the many french provincial style houses.	along with the wats a significant part of the old town's appeal are the many french provincial style houses.
assassinationists maintain that this strongly indicates that the samples were tampered with.	some people maintain that this strongly indicates that the samples were tampered with.
this is sometimes seen as conflicting with the hindu view of the buddha being an avatar of the greater god.	this is sometimes seen as conflicting with the hindu view of the buddha being an avatar of the god.
in order to supplement his meager salary, john teasman began an evening school for adults.	in order to supplement his modest salary, john teasman began an evening school for adults.
their first record was recorded by bjarte ludvigsen at tinnitus recording studio and was very well received by the critics.	their first record was recorded by bjarte ludvigsen at tinnitus recording studio and was well received by the critics.
according to macroeconomic theory, well-regulated fractional reserve banking also benefits the economy by providing regulators with powerful tools for manipulating the money supply and interest rates, which many see as essential to a healthy economy.	according to macroeconomic theory, well-regulated fractional reserve banking also benefits the economy by providing regulators with powerful tools for influencing the money supply and interest rates, which many see as essential to a healthy economy.
yellowcard is a pop-punk band from jacksonville, fl .	yellowcard is a pop-punk band from jacksonville, florida .
immediately after the film's release, the advocacy group media action network for asian americans (manaa) sharply criticized the film for the use of what is sometimes labelled 'yellowface' makeup to allow non-asian actors to portray certain asian characters in the neo-seoul sequences.	immediately after the film's release, the advocacy group media action network for asian americans (manaa) criticized the film for the use of what is sometimes labelled 'yellowface' makeup to allow non-asian actors to portray certain asian characters in the neo-seoul sequences.
android comes preinstalled on some laptops (and similar functionality is available in google chrome) and can also be installed on most personal computers by end users.	android comes preinstalled on a few laptops (and similar functionality is available in google chrome) and can also be installed on most personal computers by end users.
in early 2002, eugene bird criticized then-united states president george w. bush for supporting israel's policies in the occupied west bank.	in early 2002, eugene bird criticized then-united states president george w. bush for supporting israel's policies in the disputed west bank.
on 12 january 2013 a letter from sweeney was published by the guardian newspaper containing thought-provoking data relating to benefits arising from the united kingdom's membership of the european union, and the former european communities, constituting an ingredient for debate over the forthcoming referendum on the nature of britain's membership of the eu.	on 12 january 2013 a letter from sweeney was published by the guardian newspaper containing data relating to benefits arising from the united kingdom's membership of the european union, and the former european communities, constituting an ingredient for debate over the forthcoming referendum on the nature of britain's membership of the eu.
he was interested in philosophy (not only marxist dogmatics ) since he was a student (for instance, he was fond of the ideas of fichte, nietzsche, avenarius).	he was interested in philosophy (not only marxist dialectics ) since he was a student (for instance, he was fond of the ideas of fichte, nietzsche, avenarius).
he wrote many more songs than were recorded on his first three albums (all the news that's fit to sing (1964), i ain't marching anymore (1965), and phil ochs in concert (1966)), but these records contained some of his best -known work.	he wrote many more songs than were recorded on his first three albums (all the news that's fit to sing (1964), i ain't marching anymore (1965), and phil ochs in concert (1966)), but these records contained some of his best work.
"nevertheless, she persisted"" was senate majority leader mitch mcconnell's rationale after a united states senate vote to silence senator elizabeth warren's objections to confirmation of senator jeff sessions as u.s. attorney general."	"nevertheless, she persisted"" was senate majority leader mitch mcconnell's comment after a united states senate vote to silence senator elizabeth warren's objections to confirmation of senator jeff sessions as u.s. attorney general."
some lawyers claim that this was an attempt to obstruct justice.	some claim that this was an attempt to obstruct justice.
hisham selim (arabic: ) is a famous egyptian actor.	hisham selim (arabic: ) is a egyptian actor.
dr. martin luther king elucidated the issue in his 1968 speech at harvard:	dr. martin luther king expressed his position on the issue in his 1968 speech at harvard:
there are notable exceptions, but lca-background churches tend to be more formalistically liturgical than alc-background churches.	there are notable exceptions, but lca-background churches tend to be more liturgical than alc-background churches.
the domino theory was used by successive united states administrations during the cold war to clarify the need for american intervention around the world.	the domino theory was used by successive united states administrations during the cold war to argue for the need for american intervention around the world.
three with his ex-wife and one with his beautiful wife, wendy.	three with his ex-wife and one with his current wife, wendy.
during this period, ilaiyaraaja's work brought to the fore tamil folk lyricism, introduced broader western musical sensibilities to the south indian musical mainstream and served as a vehicle for some of india's most gifted voices.	during this period, ilaiyaraaja's work brought to the fore tamil folk lyricism, introduced broader western musical sensibilities to the south indian musical mainstream and served as a vehicle for some of india's most recognised voices.
the company operated as an unincorporated partnership until 1958 when mr. fallon was tragically killed in an auto accident.	the company operated as an unincorporated partnership until 1958 when mr. fallon was killed in an auto accident.
"in the dismissal letter, trump alleged that comey had told trump ""on three separate occasions that i am not under investigation."""	"in the dismissal letter, trump stated that comey had told trump ""on three separate occasions that i am not under investigation."""
an undocumented number of pro-japan demonstrations were held there throughout the war, which pro-internment apologists such as david lowman have cited to justify the internment operation as a whole.	an undocumented number of pro-japan demonstrations were held there throughout the war, which pro-internment writers such as david lowman have cited to justify the internment operation as a whole.
unfortunately , this arrangement failed.	however , this arrangement failed.
despite five books of his copious bewailing of his fate, the immediate cause of augustus's banishment of the greatest living latin poet to pontus in ad 8 remains a mystery.	despite five books of his copious bewailing of his fate, the immediate cause of augustus's banishment of the most acclaimed living latin poet to pontus in ad 8 remains a mystery.
"this book basically corrected all of the plotlines changed in the ""creative shakeup,"" returned alex to normal, and sent the power family back to new york."	"this book basically undid all of the plotlines changed in the ""creative shakeup,"" returned alex to normal, and sent the power family back to new york."
he was the grandfather of world war ii hero george s. patton.	he was the grandfather of world war ii general george s. patton.
through an illicit visit to a construction area, lincoln six surreptitiously discovers that two former colonists, who were recently thought gone to the island, are instead being subjected to brutal, ultimately fatal medical experiments .	through an illicit visit to a construction area, lincoln six surreptitiously discovers that two former colonists, who were recently thought gone to the island, are instead being subjected to brutal, ultimately fatal medical procedures .
one of the most controversial aspects of putin's second term was the prosecution of russia's richest man, mikhail khodorkovsky, president of yukos oil company, who stole from the russian state and russian people hundreds of millions of dollars.	one of the most controversial aspects of putin's second term was the prosecution of russia's richest man, mikhail khodorkovsky, president of yukos oil company, who has been accused of stealing from the russian state and russian people hundreds of millions of dollars.
jessica delfino (born 1976), american singer, songwriter and comedienne	jessica delfino (born 1976), american singer, songwriter and comedian
"in a submission to the truth and reconciliation commission by former south african president f w de klerk of the national party, de klerk noted that sanctions and isolation against south africa by the international community were a factor in dismantling apartheid but ""more often than not, they served to retard reform rather than stimulate it."""	"in a submission to the truth and reconciliation commission by former south african president f w de klerk of the national party, de klerk argued that sanctions and isolation against south africa by the international community were a factor in dismantling apartheid but ""more often than not, they served to retard reform rather than stimulate it."""
most teen pop in the 2000s have a very light and dancy feel, catchy melodies and often nonsensical lyrics about happiness and love.	most teen pop in the 2000s have a very light and dancy feel, catchy melodies and often whimsical lyrics about happiness and love.
unix-like (android, gnu/ linux, os x)}}	unix-like (android, linux, os x)}}
"stood for ""protect each other"". }"	"can stand for ""protect each other"". }"
she worked tirelessly to try to stop legislation going through the house of lords to equalise the age of consent for gay men and heterosexuals and for the repeal of section 28.	she worked to try to stop legislation going through the house of lords to equalise the age of consent for gay men and heterosexuals and for the repeal of section 28.
giacoletto contributed by the prestigious awards fellow of the ieee and a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science.	giacoletto contributed by the awards fellow of the ieee and a fellow of the american association for the advancement of science.
hauge confessed prior to the match that refereeing the 2006 uefa champions league final was the pinnacle of his year, as he had been overlooked for the 2006 fifa world cup in germany.	hauge said prior to the match that refereeing the 2006 uefa champions league final was the pinnacle of his year, as he had been overlooked for the 2006 fifa world cup in germany.
this mosque was unfortunately destroyed by the spanish in june that same year.	this mosque was destroyed by the spanish in june that same year.
although outwardly masts may appear irrational or even insane, baba indicated that their spiritual status was actually quite elevated, and that by meeting with them he helped them to move forward spiritually while enlisting their aid in his spiritual work.	although outwardly masts may appear irrational or even insane, baba claimed that their spiritual status was actually quite elevated, and that by meeting with them he helped them to move forward spiritually while enlisting their aid in his spiritual work.
a special edition rover 200 was produced to commemorate the rover-brm gas-turbine car; this was finished in brooklands green ( alas not the very dark metallic gunmetal brm shade) with an orange lower, front grill and silver details.	a special edition rover 200 was produced to commemorate the rover-brm gas-turbine car; this was finished in brooklands green ( however not the very dark metallic gunmetal brm shade) with an orange lower, front grill and silver details.
huntington has fallen under the stern critique of various leftist academic writers, who have either empirically, historically, logically, or ideologically challenged his claims (fox, 2005; mungiu pippidi & mindruta, 2002; henderson & tucker, 2001; russett, oneal, & cox, 2000; harvey, 2000).	huntington has fallen under the stern critique of various left-leaning academic writers, who have either empirically, historically, logically, or ideologically challenged his claims (fox, 2005; mungiu pippidi & mindruta, 2002; henderson & tucker, 2001; russett, oneal, & cox, 2000; harvey, 2000).
the new york times reported that the group had only 11,000 total members when donohue took over the catholic league in 1993. this grew to 233,333 paid members in 1999, a figure which the league multiplies by 1.5 to account for non-paying members in the households of paying members, resulting in a league estimate of 350,000 members.	the new york times reported that the group had 11,000 total members when donohue took over the catholic league in 1993. this grew to 233,333 paid members in 1999, a figure which the league multiplies by 1.5 to account for non-paying members in the households of paying members, resulting in a league estimate of 350,000 members.
norman carling (19021971) was a skilled english designer/modeller in ceramics, who created a large number of art deco models and joined maling pottery in 1935 from the firm of a.j.	norman carling (19021971) was a english designer/modeller in ceramics, who created a large number of art deco models and joined maling pottery in 1935 from the firm of a.j.
after many efforts to block the rightful demolition with lawsuits, the squatters were evicted by military police on 3 october 2003.	after many efforts to block the demolition with lawsuits, the squatters were evicted by military police on 3 october 2003.
chief among them is the team's violent encounters with doctor doom, who believes irrationally that reed was responsible for the accident that scarred him.	chief among them is the team's violent encounters with doctor doom, who believes that reed was responsible for the accident that scarred him.
a magnificent collection of photographs taken by ordinary seaman peter karney in 1933 showing dramatic pictures of life on a sailing ship rounding cape horn can be found in the national maritime museum at greenwich.	a collection of photographs taken by ordinary seaman peter karney in 1933 showing dramatic pictures of life on a sailing ship rounding cape horn can be found in the national maritime museum at greenwich.
showbread, shewbread, schaubrot, lechem (hap)pnm refers to the twelve cakes or loaves of bread which were continually present on the table of shewbread in the jewish temple as an offering to yhwh .	showbread, shewbread, schaubrot, lechem (hap)pnm refers to the twelve cakes or loaves of bread which were continually present on the table of shewbread in the jewish temple as an offering to god .
win lyovarin, prize-winning thai author	win lyovarin, thai author
a specially crafted image creates an illusion of superior 16:9 image , which is a typical widescreen advocacy group argument.	a specially crafted image creates an illusion of superior 16:9 picture , which is a typical widescreen advocacy group argument.
upm medicine and health sciences is a reputable medical school in malaysia, affiliated with universiti putra malaysia.	upm medicine and health sciences is a medical school in malaysia, affiliated with universiti putra malaysia.
andre birleanu (born august 7, 1982) is a russian male supermodel and television personality.	andre birleanu (born august 7, 1982) is a russian male model and television personality.
also, many nahal-founded settlements are still thriving today in the galilee, the negev, and samaria (as well as formerly in the sinai peninsula and gaza strip).	also, many nahal-founded settlements are still thriving today in the galilee, the negev, and the west bank (as well as formerly in the sinai peninsula and gaza strip).
the season ended when the detroit lions crushed the cleveland browns in the nfl championship game, 5914.	the season ended when the detroit lions defeated the cleveland browns in the nfl championship game, 5914.
critics also panned schwarzenegger's acting and the film's violent scenes.	critics also negatively reviewed schwarzenegger's acting and the film's violent scenes.
in june 2008 the democratic-controlled senate intelligence committee released a report stating that president bush and other top officials incorrectly stated the reasons for invading iraq.	in june 2008 the senate intelligence committee released a report stating that president bush and other top officials incorrectly stated the reasons for invading iraq.
all statistics are include infant mortality, but not miscarriage or abortion.	all statistics include infant mortality, but not miscarriage or abortion.
workers world party (wwp) is a leading communist party in the united states, founded in 1959 by a group led by sam marcy.	workers world party (wwp) is a communist party in the united states, founded in 1959 by a group led by sam marcy.
"when this community grew too big for its property, the members bought land on the west coast and shifted there over a period from 1991 to 1995. they named their new property in the haupiri valley ""gloriavale"" and established the gloriavale christian community cult ."	"when this community grew too big for its property, the members bought land on the west coast and shifted there over a period from 1991 to 1995. they named their new property in the haupiri valley ""gloriavale"" and established the gloriavale christian community."
on september 13, 2006 (the game actually started on september 12 but ended after midnight due to two rain delays totaling more than two hours), the new york mets' win over the florida marlins mathematically eliminated the braves from winning the nl east, finally ending the braves' record streak of consecutive division titles at 14.	on september 13, 2006 (the game actually started on september 12 but ended after midnight due to two rain delays totaling more than two hours), the new york mets' win over the florida marlins mathematically eliminated the braves from winning the nl east, ending the braves' record streak of consecutive division titles at 14.
while clearly not of phenomenological interest, string theories in two dimensions serve as important toy models.	while clearly not of phenomenological interest, string theories in two dimensions serve as important models.
people with a healthy level of self-esteem:	people with a high level of self-esteem:
"the music video for ""before i forget"" was recently voted as the ""most rocking video"" by the scuzz audience in the top 100 most rocking videos 2007."	"the music video for ""before i forget"" was voted as the ""most rocking video"" by the scuzz audience in the top 100 most rocking videos 2007."
the uk government's department for education reported in 2006 that 47 percent of school children left school at age 16 without having achieved a basic level in functional math , and 42 percent fail to achieve a basic level of functional english.	the uk government's department for education reported in 2006 that 47 percent of school children left school at age 16 without having achieved a basic level in functional mathematics , and 42 percent fail to achieve a basic level of functional english.
mire was the unusual pen name of the irish author samus grianna.	mire was the pen name of the irish author samus grianna.
interesting geologic features within sullivan county include some of the following:	notable geologic features within sullivan county include some of the following:
another example, from the american poetess emily dickinson:	another example, from the american poet emily dickinson:
the movie is the fifty-fourth episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the movie is the fifty-fourth episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
she first came to national attention as the witty keynote speaker at the 1988 democratic national convention (detailed below).	she first came to national attention as the keynote speaker at the 1988 democratic national convention (detailed below).
h5n1, a type of avian influenza currently perceived as the greatest pandemic threat	h5n1, a type of avian influenza currently perceived as the most significant emerging pandemic threat
as a result of this act, the traditional texture of the city was butchered with cruciform intersecting streets creating large roundabouts, located on the major public spaces such as the bazaar or the hussainia.	as a result of this act, the traditional texture of the city was replaced with cruciform intersecting streets creating large roundabouts, located on the major public spaces such as the bazaar or the hussainia.
filpinos with arab background form a tiny part of the national population.	filpinos with arab background form a part of the national population.
republika srpska ( serbian cyrillic: ) is one of two main political entities of bosnia and herzegovina, the other being the federation of bosnia and herzegovina.	republika srpska (cyrillic: ) is one of two main political entities of bosnia and herzegovina, the other being the federation of bosnia and herzegovina.
brad maule (born october 11, 1951) is an american actor best known for his longtime role as dr. tony jones on the american television serial general hospital, which he played from 1984 until february 2006.	brad maule (born october 11, 1951) is an american actor best known for his role as dr. tony jones on the american television serial general hospital, which he played from 1984 until february 2006.
people help the people is the anthemic second single taken from cherry ghost's debut album thirst for romance.	people help the people is the second single taken from cherry ghost's debut album thirst for romance.
"an october 2009 frontline documentary titled ""the warning"" described born's failed efforts to regulate and bring transparency to the secretive derivatives market, and noted the continuing resistance to reform."	"an october 2009 frontline documentary titled ""the warning"" described born's failed efforts to regulate and bring transparency to the derivatives market, and noted the continuing resistance to reform."
burlew created a similar tribute strip for d&d co-creator dave arneson after his passing .	burlew created a similar tribute strip for d&d co-creator dave arneson after his death .
"saxbe was the permanent replacement for elliot richardson, who had been fired by nixon during the infamous ""saturday night massacre"" at the height of the watergate scandal."	"saxbe was the permanent replacement for elliot richardson, who had been fired by nixon during the ""saturday night massacre"" at the height of the watergate scandal."
in january 2007, during a recording of the tv panel game never mind the buzzcocks, preston stormed out of the show after host simon amstell read out two extracts from the autobiography of his wife chantelle houghton.	in january 2007, during a recording of the tv panel game never mind the buzzcocks, preston walked out of the show after host simon amstell read out two extracts from the autobiography of his wife chantelle houghton.
james e. o'keefe iii (born june 28, 1984) is an american activist-filmmaker who came to national attention in the united states in september 2009 after releasing videos that seemed to show	james e. o'keefe iii (born june 28, 1984) is an american activist-filmmaker who came to national attention in the united states in september 2009 after releasing videos that purported to show
in fact, as edwin cawte demonstrated in his magisterial study of british and european hobby horse practices, the mast type of horse developed during the eighteenth century and was particularly popular during the nineteenth, whereas the tourney variety predated it by several centuries.	in fact, as edwin cawte demonstrated in his study of british and european hobby horse practices, the mast type of horse developed during the eighteenth century and was particularly popular during the nineteenth, whereas the tourney variety predated it by several centuries.
fortunately their numbers are small in comparison to their cheaper cousins.	however their numbers are small in comparison to their cheaper cousins.
for the majority of portuguese speakers, who do reduce a final '-e' to i ('escritores' is said as /eskritoris/ or /iskritoris/), have more phonetic options.	the majority of portuguese speakers, who do reduce a final '-e' to i ('escritores' is said as /eskritoris/ or /iskritoris/), have more phonetic options.
its crucial elements included peter murphy's deep and sonorous voice, daniel ash's innovative guitar playing, and david j's dub-influenced bass.	its crucial elements included peter murphy's deep and sonorous voice, daniel ash's jagged guitar playing, and david j's dub-influenced bass.
xo also contained some instrumentation from well-known los angeles musicians joey waronker and jon brion.	xo also contained some instrumentation from los angeles musicians joey waronker and jon brion.
previous u.s. meddling	previous u.s. involvement
smith met his future wife emma hale, in harmony township, susquehanna county, pennsylvania in the mid 1820's.	smith met his first wife emma hale, in harmony township, susquehanna county, pennsylvania in the mid 1820's.
watson coleman's two fine sons, william carter-watson and jared c. coleman, were sentenced to seven years in jail after holding up the kids-r-us store at mercer mall with a rifle as it was about to close on march 12, 2001. watson-coleman refuses to discuss the incident.	watson coleman's two sons, william carter-watson and jared c. coleman, were sentenced to seven years in jail after holding up the kids-r-us store at mercer mall with a rifle as it was about to close on march 12, 2001. watson-coleman refuses to discuss the incident.
new jersey is one of only seven u.s. states (with arizona, idaho, maryland, north dakota, south dakota, and washington) in which districts for the upper and lower house of the legislature are coterminous.	new jersey is one of seven u.s. states (with arizona, idaho, maryland, north dakota, south dakota, and washington) in which districts for the upper and lower house of the legislature are coterminous.
artifact (archaeology), any item made or used by mankind	artifact (archaeology), any item made or used by humans
rationales offered for possible impeachment included false allegations that obama was born outside of the united states, that he allegedly allowed people to use bathrooms based on their gender identity, an alleged white house cover-up after the 2012 benghazi attack and failure to enforce immigration laws.	rationales offered for possible impeachment included allegations that obama was born outside of the united states, that he allegedly allowed people to use bathrooms based on their gender identity, an alleged white house cover-up after the 2012 benghazi attack and failure to enforce immigration laws.
thanksgiving day, a wonderful song by do as infinity	thanksgiving day, a song by do as infinity
serious scientists today object to all of these theories, pointing to the obvious fact that any second moon of the earth would have been seen by now.	serious scientists object to all of these theories, pointing to the obvious fact that any second moon of the earth would have been seen by now.
time passages is the eighth studio album by al stewart, released in september of 1978. it is the follow-up to his blockbuster 1976 album year of the cat.	time passages is the eighth studio album by al stewart, released in september of 1978. it is the follow-up to his 1976 album year of the cat.
obesity rates have increased rapidly for all population groups in the united states over the last several decades.	obesity rates have increased for all population groups in the united states over the last several decades.
a term used by fans of the legendary jam band phish to describe themselves.	a term used by fans of the jam band phish to describe themselves.
bevin is a new zealand anti-feminist .	bevin is a new zealand masculist .
achintraid and rhunasoul are noted for spectacular views of the applecross peninsula, with the corbetts of sgurr a' chaorachain and beinn bhn and the pass of the bealach na ba being particularly prominent.	achintraid and rhunasoul are noted for the extensive views of the applecross peninsula, with the corbetts of sgurr a' chaorachain and beinn bhn and the pass of the bealach na ba being particularly prominent.
anti-quebec sentiment is perceived opposition or hostility expressed toward the government, culture, or the francophone people of quebec.	anti-quebec sentiment is opposition or hostility expressed toward the government, culture, or the francophone people of quebec.
mikhail iosifovich yakushin (russian: ; 15 november 1910 in moscow 3 february 1997 in moscow) was a russian football and field hockey player, later a legendary manager of dynamo moscow and the ussr.	mikhail iosifovich yakushin (russian: ; 15 november 1910 in moscow 3 february 1997 in moscow) was a russian football and field hockey player, later a manager of dynamo moscow and the ussr.
kalam has been the subject of vicious criticism from leftists in the indian press, praful bidwai being among his staunchest critics	kalam has been the subject of strong criticism from leftists in the indian press, praful bidwai being among his staunchest critics
this was the start of great things to come as the band was instantly impressed by the vocal abilities of bennington and it did not take long to realize the advantages of his voice and his ability to mould it to be both soft and thought-provoking as well as hard and attention grabbing.	this was the start of things to come as the band was instantly impressed by the vocal abilities of bennington and it did not take long to realize the advantages of his voice and his ability to mould it to be both soft and thought-provoking as well as hard and attention grabbing.
until 2013 mcintosh still worked as hired security operative in various hot spots around the world, fighting terrorism and piracy in africa.	until 2013 mcintosh still worked as hired security operative in various hot spots around the world, working in roles concerned with terrorism and piracy in africa.
to avoid confusion, it was renamed in 1925 by mrs. murray, the postmistress , who submitted the name belfair from a book that she was then reading.	to avoid confusion, it was renamed in 1925 by mrs. murray, the postmaster , who submitted the name belfair from a book that she was then reading.
suelo is one of a small number of individuals who have lived voluntarily without money.	suelo is one of a number of individuals who have lived voluntarily without money.
"agang south africa is a south african political platform and developing political party, formed by renowned anti-apartheid activist mamphela ramphele on 18 february 2013. the party encourages reforms towards direct governance, striving to ""build a stronger democracy in which citizens will be at the centre of public life""; and intends to challenge the governing african national congress in the 2014 general election."	"agang south africa is a south african political platform and developing political party, formed by anti-apartheid activist mamphela ramphele on 18 february 2013. the party encourages reforms towards direct governance, striving to ""build a stronger democracy in which citizens will be at the centre of public life""; and intends to challenge the governing african national congress in the 2014 general election."
in february, the soviets invaded silesia and pomerania, while western allies entered western germany and closed to the rhine river.	in february, the soviets entered silesia and pomerania, while western allies entered western germany and closed to the rhine river.
these innovations are marketed with the message that they supposedly help consumers achieve the best shave as easily as possible.	these innovations are marketed with the message that they help consumers achieve the best shave as easily as possible.
the size of the pensions was disclosed at the same time as abb's huge $691 million net loss for 2001 made headlines and drew sharp criticism in switzerland and sweden.	the size of the pensions was disclosed at the same time as abb's $691 million net loss for 2001 made headlines and drew sharp criticism in switzerland and sweden.
bob dole: in 1996, while running for the presidency, dole bragged that he was one of 12 house members who voted against creating medicare in 1965. i was there, fighting the fight, voting against medicare .	bob dole: in 1996, while running for the presidency, dole stated that he was one of 12 house members who voted against creating medicare in 1965. i was there, fighting the fight, voting against medicare .
for open circuit scuba , this represents a progressive loss of mass from the diver, which makes him or her more buoyant; the divers overall buoyancy must be reduced by venting air from the bc.	for open circuit shit , this represents a progressive loss of mass from the diver, which makes him or her more buoyant; the divers overall buoyancy must be reduced by venting air from the bc.
"during his later years, when some students mistakenly took him to be encouraging hedonism, campbell is reported to have grumbled, ""i should have said, 'follow your blisters.'"""	"during his later years, when some students took him to be encouraging hedonism, campbell is reported to have grumbled, ""i should have said, 'follow your blisters.'"""
the plucky sikhs were targeted because they found to be prosperous, essential to india's agriculture and its armed forces, and proven opponents of political oppression.	the sikhs were targeted because they found to be prosperous, essential to india's agriculture and its armed forces, and proven opponents of political oppression.
in recognition of his efforts, particularly making generous donations in his name to a range of charities out of funds collected from unsuspecting depositors, the government of sri lanka has bestowed on him, the title of deshamanya.	in recognition of his efforts, particularly making generous donations in his name to a range of charities out of funds collected from depositors, the government of sri lanka has bestowed on him, the title of deshamanya .
an electrician is a tradesman specializing in electrical wiring of buildings, stationary machines and related equipment.	an electrician is a tradesperseon specializing in electrical wiring of buildings, stationary machines and related equipment.
knight felt that having the atonement being unfinished at the cross was crucial for the last generation theology.	knight states that having the atonement being unfinished at the cross was crucial for the last generation theology.
"after the occupation of ""rest of czechoslovakia"" by nazi germany and the creation of the so-called protectorate of bohemia and moravia (march 15, 1939) racist nuremberg laws began to be applied in this territory."	"after the occupation of ""rest of czechoslovakia"" by nazi germany and the creation of the protectorate of bohemia and moravia (march 15, 1939) racist nuremberg laws began to be applied in this territory."
pine island (foaled on april 19, 2003 at claiborne farm in paris, kentucky), was an american thoroughbred filly racehorse whose career and life were tragically cut short by an injury suffered during the running of the 2006 breeders' cup distaff.	pine island (foaled on april 19, 2003 at claiborne farm in paris, kentucky), was an american thoroughbred filly racehorse whose career and life were cut short by an injury suffered during the running of the 2006 breeders' cup distaff.
up venerable hsuan hua meditating in the lotus position.	up hsuan hua meditating in the lotus position.
it stars goutham, the son of famous comedienne brahmanandam, making a re-entry and newcomer shambhavi in the lead roles.	it stars goutham, the son of famous comedian brahmanandam, making a re-entry and newcomer shambhavi in the lead roles.
sal, along with tommy west and terry cashman, brought this magical duo together in the cashman and west production office in new york city.	sal, along with tommy west and terry cashman, brought this duo together in the cashman and west production office in new york city.
in the evening the idf entered a building which results in the death of the three palestinians there.	in the evening the idf entered a building which results in the death of the three militants there.
"anecdotally it is often described as being ""at the foot of kinder scout"", due to its location at the base of the plateau ."	"anecdotally it is often described as being ""at the foot of kinder scout"", due to its location at the base of the mountain ."
henrik svensmark, who carried out controversial research into a link between solar and temperature trends	henrik svensmark, who carried out research into a link between solar and temperature trends
this point of view is presented in the 2005 anti-american documentary film, fallujah, the hidden massacre.	this point of view is presented in the 2005 documentary film, fallujah, the hidden massacre.
amy poehler - american actress and comedienne (boston college)	amy poehler - american actress and comedian (boston college)
in their western conference semifinal, edmonton defeated the san jose sharks in six games, making the oilers the first #8 seed to reach the western conference final since the nhl introduced the current conference format in 1994. it is also the team's first conference final appearance since 1992. currently, the oilers hold a commanding 2-0 series lead over the sixth seeded mighty ducks of anaheim.	in their western conference semifinal, edmonton defeated the san jose sharks in six games, making the oilers the first #8 seed to reach the western conference final since the nhl introduced the current conference format in 1994. it is also the team's first conference final appearance since 1992. currently, the oilers hold a 2-0 series lead over the sixth seeded mighty ducks of anaheim.
this, among the earliest and clumsiest of restoration adaptations, appears not to have succeeded on stage.	this, among the earliest and of restoration adaptations, appears not to have succeeded on stage.
in 2009, she played blanche dubois in rob ashford's donmar revival of a streetcar named desire, for which she won the prestigious olivier award and critics' circle theatre award for best actress.	in 2009, she played blanche dubois in rob ashford's donmar revival of a streetcar named desire, for which she won the olivier award and critics' circle theatre award for best actress.
naturopathic philosophy favors a holistic approach and seeks to find the least invasive measures necessary for symptom improvement or resolution, thus encouraging minimal use of surgery and unnecessary drugs.	naturopathic philosophy favors a holistic approach and seeks to find the least invasive measures necessary for symptom improvement or resolution, thus encouraging minimal use of surgery and drugs.
a presidential project, tomorrow tunisia , has been launched to further support kouttabs so that they fulfill their education mission of consolidating noble values of religion.	a presidential project, tomorrow tunisia , has been launched to further support kouttabs so that they fulfill their education mission of consolidating values of religion.
primitive heritage mosque in australian outback contrasts with the grand designs of established islamic communities.	a simple heritage mosque in australian outback contrasts with the grand designs of established islamic communities.
lieutenant commander snyder was assigned to help defend guantanamo captive david hicks.	lieutenant commander snyder was assigned to help defend guantanamo detainee david hicks.
it consists of a short-term freeze of portions of iran's nuclear weapons program in exchange for decreased economic sanctions on iran, as the countries work towards a long-term agreement.	it consists of a short-term freeze of portions of iran's nuclear program in exchange for decreased economic sanctions on iran, as the countries work towards a long-term agreement.
alts may be required to read tragic stories about the atomic bombings to their classes which omit any mention of world war ii or the japanese government's conduct during the war.	alts may be required to read stories about the atomic bombings to their classes which omit any mention of world war ii or the japanese government's conduct during the war.
the population is about 120,000. its football club is one of the best in greece.	the population is about 120,000. its football club is one of the most successful in greece.
several authors, including some scientists whose work was cited in the technical summary, claim that the spm doesn't represent the science correctly.	several authors, including some scientists whose work was cited in the technical summary, stated that the spm doesn't represent the science correctly.
stephenson spends some time discussing debian and its impressive bug tracking system in the essay.	stephenson spends some time discussing debian and its bug tracking system in the essay.
jazz is will's dumb best friend who lives in compton.	jazz is will's best friend who lives in compton.
the prince of cond unfortunately , although a fine general, was an incompetent politician, who soon alienated nobles, parlement, and parisians.	the prince of cond, although a fine general, was an incompetent politician, who soon alienated nobles, parlement, and parisians.
heinz co., spent heavily to defeat oregon's measure 27, which would have required food companies to label products that contain genetically modified ingredients.	heinz co., spent to defeat oregon's measure 27, which would have required food companies to label products that contain genetically modified ingredients.
he was noted for making unsubstantiated claims that there were large numbers of communists and soviet spies and sympathizers inside the federal government.	he was noted for making claims that there were large numbers of communists and soviet spies and sympathizers inside the federal government.
according to a test report conducted by the united states navy's weapon system explosives safety review board (wsesrb) established in the wake of the tragic 1967 uss forrestal fire, the cooking off time for a rockeye cbu is approximately 1 minute 13 seconds.	according to a test report conducted by the united states navy's weapon system explosives safety review board (wsesrb) established in the wake of the 1967 uss forrestal fire, the cooking off time for a rockeye cbu is approximately 1 minute 13 seconds.
in the united states, the smoking rate is only 22.1%.	in the united states, the smoking rate is 22.1%.
private practice is a spin-off of the popular television show, grey's anatomy.	private practice is a spin-off of the television show, grey's anatomy.
she narrated various biblical teachings to laestadius, and after the meeting laestadius understood the secret of living faith.	she narrated various biblical teachings to laestadius, and after the meeting laestadius felt he had come to understand the secret of living faith.
commanding spectacular views across the tagus basin and serra de estrela to the north, the fortified rock of marvo has been a site of significant strategic importance since the earliest human settlements.	commanding views across the tagus basin and serra de estrela to the north, the fortified rock of marvo has been a site of significant strategic importance since the earliest human settlements.
in his nietzsche, heidegger himself, although later rightly criticized for his membership in the nsdap, criticized this more or less deliberate misunderstanding of nietzsche's philosophy, based in a scientist conception and on a biological interpretation of nietzsche's thought.	in his nietzsche, heidegger himself, although later criticized for his membership in the nsdap, criticized this more or less deliberate misunderstanding of nietzsche's philosophy, based in a scientist conception and on a biological interpretation of nietzsche's thought.
delchev ( right ) and his former classmate from kilkis, imov as officer cadets in sofia.	delchev ( left ) and his former classmate from kilkis, imov as officer cadets in sofia.
all three astronauts on the all-air force crew received either an honorary degree or master's degree from the university of michigan, including scott's publicity-stunt honorary degree, awarded in the spring of 1971, just months before the launch.	all three astronauts on the all-air force crew received either an honorary degree or master's degree from the university of michigan, including scott's honorary degree, awarded in the spring of 1971, just months before the launch.
"beginning with the , the nba changed the illegal defense rule to the ""defensive 3-second rule,"" which prohibits a defender from being in the shooting lane for three seconds, unless guarding an opponent within arm's reach (or the man with the ball, regardless of distance)."	"beginning with the , the nba changed the illegal defense rule to the ""defensive 3-second rule,"" which prohibits a defender from being in the shooting lane for three seconds, unless guarding an opponent within arm's reach (or the player with the ball, regardless of distance)."
as alan mowbray, he made his motion picture debut in 1931, going on to a career primarily as a character actor in more than 140 films including the sterling butler role in the brilliant comedy merrily we live, and playing the title role in the tv series the adventures of colonel flack.	as alan mowbray, he made his motion picture debut in 1931, going on to a career primarily as a character actor in more than 140 films including the sterling butler role in the comedy merrily we live, and playing the title role in the tv series the adventures of colonel flack.
czernina (from the polish word czarny - black; sometimes also czarnina or czarna polewka) is a delicious polish soup made of duck blood and clear poultry broth.	czernina (from the polish word czarny - black; sometimes also czarnina or czarna polewka) is a polish soup made of duck blood and clear poultry broth.
it is said by his detractors that unlike many of his other close relatives whom he took great care to commemorate, he took no trouble to have joan commemorated after her death, leading to the conviction among some that his (in every sense) monumental commemorative endeavours were entirely practical (in terms of securing his personal objectives) rather than sentimental (her connections being of no direct use to him after her passing ).	it is said by his detractors that unlike many of his other close relatives whom he took great care to commemorate, he took no trouble to have joan commemorated after her death, leading to the conviction among some that his (in every sense) monumental commemorative endeavours were entirely practical (in terms of securing his personal objectives) rather than sentimental (her connections being of no direct use to him after her death ).
it has more than twice as many universities represented in the top 200 as its nearest rival, the united kingdom, which has only 29. a small percentage of students who apply to these schools gain admission.	it has more than twice as many universities represented in the top 200 as its nearest rival, the united kingdom, which has 29. a small percentage of students who apply to these schools gain admission.
"von erck ""set out to destroy him by posing as a woman, seducing him online with graphic sex chats, posting the transcripts on the web, and threatening to release a purported video of the individual masturbating..."" the individual was lured to an airport waiting area, where he was secretly photographed by associates of von erck."	"von erck ""set out to destroy him by posing as a woman, seducing him online with graphic sex chats, posting the transcripts on the web, and threatening to release a purported video of the individual masturbating..."" the victim was lured to an airport waiting area, where he was secretly photographed by associates of von erck."
alex is the hot younger sister of justin russo (wizards of waverly place) played by david henrie, the older sister of max russo played by jake t. austin, and the daughter of jerry and theresa russo played by david deluise and maria canals.	alex is the younger sister of justin russo (wizards of waverly place) played by david henrie, the older sister of max russo played by jake t. austin, and the daughter of jerry and theresa russo played by david deluise and maria canals.
flint hill school, a prestigious private school, is located in oakton.	flint hill school, a private school, is located in oakton.
spmc inc. was an award-winning american animation production company based in los angeles, california.	spmc inc. was an american animation production company based in los angeles, california.
"the encounter ends with gollum's blood-curdling curse, ""thief!"	"the encounter ends with gollum's curse, ""thief!"
as a result baghdad remained depopulated and in ruins for several centuries, and the event is conventionally regarded as the end of the so-called islamic golden age.	as a result baghdad remained depopulated and in ruins for several centuries, and the event is conventionally regarded as the end of the islamic golden age.
bernard manning (13 august 1930 – 18 june 2007) was an english stand-up comedian from manchester, in north west england, rated as one of the 100 greatest comedians of all time (29th) in a poll conducted by the television station channel 4.	bernard manning (13 august 1930 – 18 june 2007) was an stand-up comedian from manchester, in north west england, rated as one of the 100 greatest comedians of all time (29th) in a poll conducted by the television station channel 4.
"the pod parody tv episode ""ask a sellout"" roasts ask a ninja for having too much advertising."	"the pod parody tv episode ""ask a sellout"" satirically criticised ask a ninja for having too much advertising."
the american medical association opposes such exemptions, because they endanger not only the health of the individual child, but also the health of children in the child's group and the community at large.	the american medical association opposes such exemptions, claiming they endanger not only the health of the individual child, but also the health of children in the child's group and the community at large.
the heroic resistance of the roman garrison of aliso and the arrival of roman reinforcements on the rhine prevent arminius from invading gaul.	the resistance of the roman garrison of aliso and the arrival of roman reinforcements on the rhine prevent arminius from invading gaul.
the company employs over 13,000 professionals , and has 23 international offices across the americas, europe and asia-pacific,as well as offshore development centers in 8 cities in india.	the company employs over 13,000 people , and has 23 international offices across the americas, europe and asia-pacific,as well as offshore development centers in 8 cities in india.
"it continues to appear on countless ""greatest songs"" lists such as q magazine's ""1001 best songs ever"", spin magazine's ""top 20 singles of the 90s"", and the source's ""100 best rap singles of all time"" ."	"it continues to appear on many ""greatest songs"" lists such as q magazine's ""1001 best songs ever"", spin magazine's ""top 20 singles of the 90s"", and the source's ""100 best rap singles of all time"" ."
cerise is a fictional character, a superheroine in the marvel comics universe.	cerise is a fictional character, a superhero in the marvel comics universe.
on the roof is a french restaurant with magnificent views of the city.	on the roof is a french restaurant with views of the city.
she is the subject of a 1949 opera, revised 1954: liu hulan (opera).	she is the subject of a 1949 opera, remade in 1954: liu hulan (opera).
chinese reunification is a goal of chinese nationalism that refers to the reunification of all of greater china under a single political entity.	chinese (re)unification is a goal of chinese nationalism that refers to the reunification of all of greater china under a single political entity.
raffaele sollecito, an italian student, and amanda knox, an american student and a flatmate of kercher, were wrongly convicted of sexual assault and murder in a separate trial on 4 december 2009. they were given sentences of 25 and 26 years respectively.	raffaele sollecito, an italian student, and amanda knox, an american student and a flatmate of kercher, were convicted of sexual assault and murder in a separate trial on 4 december 2009. they were given sentences of 25 and 26 years respectively.
forty-eight test flights of regulus ii prototypes were carried out, 30 of which were successful, 14 partially successful and only four failures.	forty-eight test flights of regulus ii prototypes were carried out, 30 of which were successful, 14 partially successful and four failures.
the lush connecticut river valley is home to some of the northeastern united states' most productive farmland, as well as the river's largest city, springfield, the state of connecticut's capital, hartford, and approximately 2 million inhabitants.	the connecticut river valley is home to some of the northeastern united states' most productive farmland, as well as the river's largest city, springfield, the state of connecticut's capital, hartford, and approximately 2 million inhabitants.
private foundation status subjects a charity to onerous excise taxes found in section 4940 through 4945 of the internal revenue code.	private foundation status subjects a charity to 2% excise taxes found in section 4940 through 4945 of the internal revenue code.
he has also worked as a producer on another popular soap opera, emmerdale, while other credits include the royal and drop the dead donkey.	he has also worked as a producer on another soap opera, emmerdale, while other credits include the royal and drop the dead donkey.
despite wiesenthal's achievements in locating many former nazis, aspects of his work and life were very controversial.	despite wiesenthal's achievements in locating many former nazis, aspects of his work and life were controversial.
for more than 20 years he successfully coached high school football in the state of texas.	for more than 20 years he coached high school football in the state of texas.
in 2007 sam and annaka harris pioneered project reason, a charitable foundation devoted to spreading scientific knowledge and secular values in society.	in 2007 sam and annaka harris founded project reason, a charitable foundation devoted to spreading scientific knowledge and secular values in society.
her untimely death in a car accident was immediately followed by an intense period of mourning throughout the united kingdom, and to a lesser extent, worldwide.	her death in a car accident was immediately followed by an intense period of mourning throughout the united kingdom, and to a lesser extent, worldwide.
anthony beavers is a proud brother of sigma alpha epsilon and currently serves as the faculty adviser for the indiana-epsilon chapter of sigma alpha epsilon.	anthony beavers is a brother of sigma alpha epsilon and currently serves as the faculty adviser for the indiana-epsilon chapter of sigma alpha epsilon.
my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967. it was included originally in their debut album it's smoke time, and it was also included (among other compilation albums) in the remarkable collection nuggets ii: original artyfacts from the british empire and beyond, 19641969 (rhino, 2001).	my friend jack is a psychedelic pop song released by the english pop group the smoke in 1967. it was included originally in their debut album it's smoke time, and it was also included (among other compilation albums) in the collection nuggets ii: original artyfacts from the british empire and beyond, 19641969 (rhino, 2001).
1, 551 u.s. 701 (2007), decided together with meredith v. jefferson county board of education, is a landmark decision of the u.s. supreme court that prohibited assigning students to public schools solely for the purpose of achieving racial integration and declined to recognize racial balancing as a compelling state interest.	1, 551 u.s. 701 (2007), decided together with meredith v. jefferson county board of education, is a decision of the u.s. supreme court that prohibited assigning students to public schools solely for the purpose of achieving racial integration and declined to recognize racial balancing as a compelling state interest.
the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approved dextromethorphan for over-the-counter sale as a cough suppressant in 1958. this filled the need for a cough suppressant lacking the sedative side-effects, stronger potential for abuse , and physically addictive properties of codeine phosphate, the most widely used cough medication at the time.	the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) approved dextromethorphan for over-the-counter sale as a cough suppressant in 1958. this filled the need for a cough suppressant lacking the sedative side-effects, stronger potential for misuse , and physically addictive properties of codeine phosphate, the most widely used cough medication at the time.
the convertible mirrors the general aesthetic of the elegant dell xps 13 ultrabook and other models in the xps lineup, although the hybrid swaps out its predecessors' aluminum look for a carbon-fiber exterior.	the convertible mirrors the general aesthetic of the dell xps 13 ultrabook and other models in the xps lineup, although the hybrid swaps out its predecessors' aluminum look for a carbon-fiber exterior.
mcveigh was a self-described libertarian and an anti-government extremist, with a long background in the survivalist movement.	mcveigh was a self-described libertarian , considered by many an anti-government extremist , with a long background in the survivalist movement.
an interesting early history of saturn, including a picture of the original sleeve of jazz in silhouette and a description of the manufacturing process	an early history of saturn, including a picture of the original sleeve of jazz in silhouette and a description of the manufacturing process
miami has had unrivaled success in producing players who go on to the national football league.	miami has had success in producing players who go on to the national football league.
his most recurring gig has been with legendary guitarist rik emmett for which he has appeared on every album since absolutely in 1990 .	his most recurring gig has been with guitarist rik emmett for which he has appeared on every album since absolutely in 1990 .
project hyrule (a great community about animal crossing.	project hyrule (a community about animal crossing.
"his prodigious talent for war along with his reputation as a stern disciplinarian, earned him the title ""the iron marshal""."	"his talent for war along with his reputation as a stern disciplinarian, earned him the title ""the iron marshal""."
"in octobernovember 2008, renouf recruited lawyers for the australian fredrick tben, of the adelaide institute, an organisation dedicated to exposing ""the holocaust myth"", after he was arrested at london's heathrow airport under a european arrest warrant."	"in octobernovember 2008, renouf recruited lawyers for the australian fredrick tben, of the adelaide institute, an organisation dedicated to challenging ""the holocaust myth"", after he was arrested at london's heathrow airport under a european arrest warrant."
the declaration is considered controversial because in addition to celebrating the history of the confederacy, it is offensive for those who believe that the south's position in the civil war to have been based on defending the practice of slavery.	the declaration is considered controversial because in addition to celebrating the history of the confederacy, it can be offensive for those who believe that the south's position in the civil war to have been based on defending the practice of slavery.
sugar ray robinson; atsic deputy chairman , convicted rapist, civil liability for defamation	sugar ray robinson; atsic deputy chairperson , convicted rapist, civil liability for defamation
is a 2005 film directed by george clooney and written by clooney and grant heslov that portrays the conflict between veteran radio and television journalist edward r. murrow and u.s. senator joseph mccarthy of wisconsin, especially relating to the anti-communist senator's actions with the senate permanent subcommittee on investigations.	is an academy award-nominated 2005 film directed by george clooney and written by clooney and grant heslov that portrays the conflict between veteran radio and television journalist edward r. murrow and u.s. senator joseph mccarthy of wisconsin, especially relating to the anti-communist senator's actions with the senate permanent subcommittee on investigations.
the section of the line between bedford and cambridge has unfortunately been completely lost and the trackbed partly developed over.	the section of the line between bedford and cambridge has been completely lost and the trackbed partly developed over.
from episode 168 onwards, the current hueco mundo arc will divert to fillers in order to allow tite kubo time to publish more material.	from episode 168 onwards, the current hueco mundo arc will divert to an anime-only arc in order to allow tite kubo time to publish more material.
alleged biblical criticism includes:	biblical criticism includes:
the first season of feud has received wide acclaim, with major praise for sarandon's and lange's performances.	the first season of feud has received wide acclaim, with praise for sarandon's and lange's performances.
scheduled to now open in the fall of 2016, the 63-storey condo and hotel complex will consist of the trump hotel on the first 15 floors topped by 238 premium condos.	scheduled to now open in the fall of 2016, the 63-storey condo and hotel complex will consist of the trump hotel on the first 15 floors topped by 238 condos.
after office hours the carpark was transformed into a gathering place for musicians, mobile foodstalls and hookers .	after office hours the carpark was transformed into a gathering place for musicians, mobile foodstalls and prostitutes .
comets are also known to be bodies made of ice, whose collision over the years with earth are responsible for the modern abundance of water on this planet.	comets are also known to be bodies made of ice, and some think that their collision over the years with earth are responsible for the modern abundance of water on this planet .
slipknot is a nine-piece mallcore band from des moines, iowa.	slipknot is a nine-piece heavy metal band from des moines, iowa.
world war i (then known as the great war) started when serb hero gavrilo princip assasinated the heir to the austrian throne, franz ferdinand.	world war i (then known as the great war) started when serb assassin gavrilo princip assasinated the heir to the austrian throne, franz ferdinand.
apophenia is heavily documented as a source of rationale behind gambling, with victims imagining they see patterns in the occurrence of numbers in lotteries, roulette wheels, and even cards.	apophenia is heavily documented as a source of rationale behind gambling, with gamblers imagining they see patterns in the occurrence of numbers in lotteries, roulette wheels, and even cards.
"in 2012, henry miller emphatically rejected efforts to link him with a pro-tobacco stance, pointing out that he never worked directly or indirectly, with or without compensation, on behalf of the tobacco industry, and saying ""as a physician, i detest cigarettes and the carnage wrought by smoking"", and tobacco is an inherently, irredeemably dangerous product."	"in 2012, henry miller rejected efforts to link him with a pro-tobacco stance, pointing out that he never worked directly or indirectly, with or without compensation, on behalf of the tobacco industry, and saying ""as a physician, i detest cigarettes and the carnage wrought by smoking"", and tobacco is an inherently, irredeemably dangerous product."
muslims kill two people, an army colonel and the military commander of bjaa, and in northern algeria.	muslim fundamentalists kill two people, an army colonel and the military commander of bjaa, and in northern algeria.
origins of the term and first supermodel	origins of term and first supermodel
the company was the target of a very hostile takeover bid by its rival mittal steel on 2006-01-27 .	the company was the target of a hostile takeover bid by its rival mittal steel on 2006-01-27 .
the british government took the lead, with france and germany, in imposing punitive sanctions by the eu against russia for what prime minister david cameron denounced as russia's seizure of crimea and support for insurgents in ukraine.	the british government took the lead, with france and germany, in imposing punitive sanctions by the eu against russia for what prime minister david cameron denounced as russia's seizure of crimea and support for separatists in ukraine.
the house system was established in 1983 to improve further the quality of care for students.	the house system was established in 1983 to improve the quality of care for students.
"montferrand defended french-canadian workers against a gangs of irish bullies in the bytown area known as ""shiners""."	"montferrand defended french-canadian workers against a gangs of irish in the bytown area known as ""shiners""."
roy evans is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tony caunter.	roy evans is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tony caunter.
in 1881, theodor severin kittelsen painted his famous version for publication in an edition of norske folkeeventyr.	in 1881, theodor severin kittelsen painted his version for publication in an edition of norske folkeeventyr.
the plot of the book unfolds over several generations of characters and revolves around political intrigues, but also contains interesting subplots regarding physics, bio-enhancements, virtual computer networks, and romance.	the plot of the book unfolds over several generations of characters and revolves around political intrigues, but also contains subplots regarding physics, bio-enhancements, virtual computer networks, and romance.
another brother, ian copeland, was a successful booking agent, who described much of the new wave adventures of miles, stewart and himself in his book, wild thing.	another brother, ian copeland, was a booking agent, who described much of the new wave adventures of miles, stewart and himself in his book, wild thing.
while the armenian apostolic religion remains the most prominent church in the armenian community throughout the world, armenians (especially) in the diaspora subscribe to any number of other christian sects .	while the armenian apostolic religion remains the most prominent church in the armenian community throughout the world, armenians (especially) in the diaspora subscribe to any number of other christian denominations .
"if female, the incumbent may be addressed as ""madam chairman""; the non gender neutral title of ""chairperson"" is sometimes used."	"if female, the incumbent may be addressed as ""madam chairman""; the bellthorpe 22:10, 14 february 2007 (utc) gender neutral title of ""chairperson"" is sometimes used."
pandora gibson, bahamian comedienne and storyteller	pandora gibson, bahamian comedian and storyteller
skene was born in fyvie, scotland on june 17, 1837. at the age of 19, he came to america.	skene was born in fyvie, scotland on june 17, 1837. at the age of 19, he went to america.
the school district 48 sea to sky operates anglophone public schools in the region.	the school district 48 sea to sky operates public schools in the region.
newton emerson is a well-respected political commentator in northern ireland.	newton emerson is a political commentator in northern ireland.
by the end of 10 may, dutch forces had retaken the captured airfields, but this tactical victory would be short lived as german bombing of rotterdam on the 14th of may ensured the surrender of the dutch armed forces just four days after crossing the border.	by the end of 10 may, dutch forces had retaken the captured airfields, but this tactical victory would be short lived as german bombing of rotterdam on the 14th of may ensured the surrender of the dutch armed forces four days after crossing the border.
the fears of mayor nagin and the media that several thousands had died proved, ultimately, to be somewhat exaggerated, although the actual fatality rate was large for an american disaster of recent times.	the fears of mayor nagin and the media that several thousands had died proved, ultimately, to be exaggerated, although the actual fatality rate was large for an american disaster of recent times.
the soviet government pretended that it was acting to protect the ukrainians and belarusians who lived in the eastern part of poland, because the polish state had collapsed in the face of the nazi german attack and could no longer guarantee the security of its own citizens.	the soviet government presented a rationale that it was acting to protect the ukrainians and belarusians who lived in the eastern part of poland, because the polish state had collapsed in the face of the nazi german attack and could no longer guarantee the security of its own citizens.
linux is not supported by boot camp, but some distributions, like ubuntu, use restricted drivers to achieve partial compatibility with apple computers, with various minute problems occurring, such as reduced sound output quality, and numerous issues with macbooks and hardware sleep.	linux is not supported by boot camp, but some distributions, like ubuntu, use restricted drivers to achieve partial compatibility with apple computers, with various small problems occurring, such as reduced sound output quality, and numerous issues with macbooks and hardware sleep.
it is free software on all platforms except for windows and was written by fabrice bellard.	it is free (as in beer) on all platforms except for windows and was written by fabrice bellard.
"the people of tur abdin call themselves suryoye and more traditionally ""suroye"" something they share with their brethren nestorian and chaldean assyrians and traditionally speak the aramaic dialect recently called turoyo but originally called "" surayt "" in their mother tongue."	"the people of tur abdin call themselves suryoye and more traditionally ""suroye"" something they share with their brethren nestorian and chaldean assyrians and traditionally speak the aramaic dialect recently called turoyo but originally called "" suryoyo "" in their mother tongue."
due to fears that the film would be offensive to racist white southerners, the film was not intended initially to be broadcast to the general public.	due to fears that the film would be offensive to white southerners , the film was not intended initially to be broadcast to the general public.
offering the ability for people to carry their own choice of music with them, the walkman stereo was an enormously successful consumer product.	offering the ability for people to carry their own choice of music with them, the walkman stereo was an notably successful consumer product.
the nineteen women admitted were: maya angelou (writer), karen arthur (actress), ellen burstyn (actress), juleen compton (actress), lee grant (actress), nessa hyams (casting director), margot kidder (actress), joanna lee (writer), lynne littman (producer), kathleen nolan (actress), julia phillips (producer), susan martin (actress/producer), marjorie mullen (script supervisor), giovanna nigro (producer, writer, director), susan oliver (actress), gail parent (writer), marion rothman (editor), lily tomlin (actress, comedienne ), and nancy walker (actress).	the nineteen women admitted were: maya angelou (writer), karen arthur (actress), ellen burstyn (actress), juleen compton (actress), lee grant (actress), nessa hyams (casting director), margot kidder (actress), joanna lee (writer), lynne littman (producer), kathleen nolan (actress), julia phillips (producer), susan martin (actress/producer), marjorie mullen (script supervisor), giovanna nigro (producer, writer, director), susan oliver (actress), gail parent (writer), marion rothman (editor), lily tomlin (actress, comedian ), and nancy walker (actress).
featuring a strong cast that included smith, michael hordern, and veteran tv comedienne thora hird, memento mori expressed quietly moving meditations on disappointment and ageing.	featuring a strong cast that included smith, michael hordern, and veteran tv comedian thora hird, memento mori expressed quietly moving meditations on disappointment and ageing.
martyred china inland mission missionaries duncan, caroline and jennie kay.	murdered china inland mission missionaries duncan, caroline and jennie kay.
on february 8, 2008, conservative radio host rush limbaugh mentioned on his syndicated show that jindal could be a possible choice for the republican vice presidential nomination in 2008. he said that jindal might be perceived as an asset to mccain's campaign because he has support in the conservative base of the republican party and his youth offsets mccain's old age.	on february 8, 2008, conservative radio host rush limbaugh mentioned on his syndicated show that jindal could be a possible choice for the republican vice presidential nomination in 2008. he said that jindal might be perceived as an asset to mccain's campaign because he has support in the conservative base of the republican party and his youth offsets mccain's age.
in haiti, united nations troops and local police storm cite soleil suburb of port-au-prince in search of gang leader emmanuel wilme.	in haiti, united nations troops and local police storm cite soleil suburb of port-au-prince in search of opposition leader emmanuel wilme.
situated on the river cam, hidden between clare college and trinity college, the college is known for its unfriendly and (by cambridge standards) pretentious atmosphere.	situated on the river cam, hidden between clare college and trinity college, the college is known for its unfriendly and (by cambridge standards) unpretentious atmosphere.
he is outspokenly gay and his work frequently includes gay themes and characters.	he is openly gay and his work frequently includes gay themes and characters.
an advantage of a modal editor is that the use of keyboard chords (multiple keys pressed simultaneously, typically a modifier plus a letter key) is reduced or eliminated.	a perceived advantage of a modal editor is that the use of keyboard chords (multiple keys pressed simultaneously, typically a modifier plus a letter key) is reduced or eliminated.
reporters, correspondents, and anchormen	reporters, correspondents, and anchors
yahweh ben yahweh, born and legally named hulon mitchell jr. (october 27, 1935 - may 7, 2007), was the leader of the religious sect nation of yahweh.	yahweh ben yahweh, born and legally named hulon mitchell jr. (october 27, 1935 - may 7, 2007), was the leader of the religious group nation of yahweh.
it is a political propaganda film about mexican presidential candidate andrs manuel lpez obrador and the mexican general election, 2006.	it is a political non-fiction film about mexican presidential candidate andrs manuel lpez obrador and the mexican general election, 2006.
the majority of sebastopol city council members belong to the green party, making sebastopol the only city in california to have a council majority of idealogues (municipal elections in sebastopol are officially nonpartisan).	the majority of sebastopol city council members belong to the green party, making sebastopol the only city in california to have a council majority of third party members (municipal elections in sebastopol are officially nonpartisan).
"a murder note of sorts was found torn into 27 pieces in his briefcase, a list of complaints specifically mentioning the wall street journal and complaining ""i was not meant for the job or the spotlight of public life in washington."	"a suicide note of sorts was found torn into 27 pieces in his briefcase, a list of complaints specifically mentioning the wall street journal and complaining ""i was not meant for the job or the spotlight of public life in washington."
regarding the interview of obama and hillary clinton on january 27, 2013, conor friedersdorf of the atlantic argues convincingly that steve kroft's softball interview diminishes 60 minutes.	regarding the interview of obama and hillary clinton on january 27, 2013, conor friedersdorf of the atlantic argues that steve kroft's softball interview diminishes 60 minutes.
loudon's research exposed barack obama's ties to hawaiian communist party member frank marshall davis in 2007. loudon is also known for promoting the concept of the republican presidential nominee selecting his or her cabinet and running as a team.	loudon's research noted barack obama's ties to hawaiian communist party member frank marshall davis in 2007. loudon is also known for promoting the concept of the republican presidential nominee selecting his or her cabinet and running as a team.
this was controversial since all of the hdp's votes would be transferred to the akp in the event that the hdp failed to win above 10% of the vote.	this was controversial since most of the hdp's votes would be transferred to the akp in the event that the hdp failed to win above 10% of the vote.
he sold his guerneville restaurant in 1984, moving to europe for a few months where, during a visit to the joint grave of lovers gertrude stein and alice b. toklas and the grave of gay martyr oscar wilde in pre lachaise cemetery in paris, france, he got the idea for a gay memorial in the united states.	he sold his guerneville restaurant in 1984, moving to europe for a few months where, during a visit to the joint grave of lovers gertrude stein and alice b. toklas and the grave of gay writer oscar wilde in pre lachaise cemetery in paris, france, he got the idea for a gay memorial in the united states.
she did a famous nude pictorial for playboy to promote her role in the bond film in 1983. basinger said the playboy appearance led to good opportunities, such as barry levinson's the natural (1984), co-starring robert redford, for which she earned a golden globe nomination as best supporting actress.	she did a nude pictorial for playboy to promote her role in the bond film in 1983. basinger said the playboy appearance led to good opportunities, such as barry levinson's the natural (1984), co-starring robert redford, for which she earned a golden globe nomination as best supporting actress.
his vocal styling was similar to gene pitney's.	his vocal styling was sometimes likened to gene pitney's.
the paras and other soldiers murdered 13 civilians and wounded another 17 (of which 1 later died of their wounds).	the paras and other soldiers killed 13 civilians and wounded another 17 (of which 1 later died of their wounds).
the real priory of sion was an association that was founded in 1956, in the french town of annemasse, as the beginning of a massive hoax.	the priory of sion was an association that was founded in 1956, in the french town of annemasse, as the beginning of a massive hoax.
the campaign is most notable for the snipers' use of .50 bmg calibre barrett m82 and m90 long-range rifles in some of the shootings.	the campaign is notable for the snipers' use of .50 bmg calibre barrett m82 and m90 long-range rifles in some of the shootings.
he had recently become religious after getting involved with rightwing activists.	he had recently become religious after getting involved with kahanist and former kach party activists.
"according to the talmud (tractate makkoth 23b), states that moses transmitted the ""torah"" from god to the israelites: ""moses commanded us the torah as an inheritance for the community of jacob""."	"according to the talmud (tractate makkoth 23b), is to be interpreted to mean that moses transmitted the ""torah"" from god to the israelites: ""moses commanded us the torah as an inheritance for the community of jacob""."
his mother's passing inspired him to become a doctor, but he replaced her presence in his life by becoming sexually active with many sexual partners.	his mother's death inspired him to become a doctor, but he replaced her presence in his life by becoming sexually active with many sexual partners.
"--> additionally, the story was an integral part of contemporary christian musician steven curtis chapman's 2002 ""live out loud"" concert tour, which included guest appearances by steve saint and mincaye, a member of the auca tribe who directly participated in the killing of the operation auca team and subsequently converted to christianity."	"--> additionally, the story was an integral part of contemporary christian musician steven curtis chapman's 2002 ""live out loud"" concert tour, which included guest appearances by steve saint and mincaye, a member of the huaorani tribe who directly participated in the killing of the operation auca team and subsequently converted to christianity."
the iberian neutrality pact was initiated by salazar in 1939. indeed, salazar provided aid to the allies, letting them use the terceira island in the azores as a military base.	the iberian pact was initiated by salazar in 1939. indeed, salazar provided aid to the allies, letting them use the terceira island in the azores as a military base.
tommy skaggs on his awesome radio show, the weekly geek in ellensburg talked about this event in big detail on live radio.	tommy skaggs on his radio show, the weekly geek in ellensburg talked about this event in big detail on live radio.
rubbing salt into her raw wounds	rubbing salt into her wounds
when taken as national averages, the data available, particularly regarding the developing world, is speculative due to limited sampling, year of testing, and varying type of cognitive ability test used.	when taken as national averages, the data available, particularly regarding the developing world, is uncertain due to limited sampling, year of testing, and varying type of cognitive ability test used.
though fuller actively attended unitarian congregations, she did not entirely identify with that religion.	though fuller occasionally attended unitarian congregations, she did not entirely identify with that religion.
"harold ""hal"" turner is an internet radio talk show host from north bergen, new jersey, usa known for his strong opinions regarding minorities and the purported jewish control of the u.s. government."	"harold ""hal"" turner is a rabidly racist internet radio talk show host from north bergen, new jersey, usa known for his strong opinions regarding minorities and the purported jewish control of the u.s. government."
"in 2018 the new jack swing sound made a strong comeback with the release of the remix of ""finesse"", a song by american singer and songwriter bruno mars from his third studio album, 24k magic, which features cardi b."	"in 2018 the new jack swing sound made a comeback with the release of the remix of ""finesse"", a song by american singer and songwriter bruno mars from his third studio album, 24k magic, which features cardi b."
number of palestinians extrajudicially assassinated : 561	number of palestinians extrajudicially killed : 561
unfortunately , they lost by 87 runs.	however , they lost by 87 runs.
"<span class=""spellingvariants"">yoghurt or yogurt is a delicous dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk."	"<span class=""spellingvariants"">yoghurt or yogurt is a dairy product produced by bacterial fermentation of milk."
eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions (coptic orthodox christianity and sunni islam) and nine ethnic groups.	eritrea is a multilingual and multicultural country with two dominant religions (coptic orthodox christianity and islam) and nine ethnic groups.
the former site of the town of lemieux, ontario collapsed into the south nation river in 1993; fortunately , the residents had already been relocated due to the suspected instability of the earth in that location.	the former site of the town of lemieux, ontario collapsed into the south nation river in 1993; however , the residents had already been relocated due to the suspected instability of the earth in that location.
after some time, the evil soul is in enough pain because of listening to the holy words.	after some time, the evil soul is in enough pain because of listening to the words.
"most puerto ricans consider los macheteros to be terrorists and unpatriotic, although their struggle is just a continuity of the hundred years clandestine war puerto ricans have fought against united states brutal policies in the island ( infamous dr. rhodes cancer ""treatments"", secret testings of agent orange on puerto rican soil, etc."	"most puerto ricans consider los macheteros to be terrorists and unpatriotic, although their struggle is just a continuity of the hundred years clandestine war puerto ricans have fought against united states policies in the island ( infamous dr. rhodes cancer ""treatments"", secret testings of agent orange on puerto rican soil, etc."
the question is complicated by the lack of hard data and by ideological biases of those offering death toll estimates.	the question is complicated by the lack of hard data and by biases of those offering death toll estimates.
windward school is a prestigious private school in the mar vista section of los angeles, california, usa accredited by the western association of schools and colleges.	windward school is a private school in the mar vista section of los angeles, california, usa accredited by the western association of schools and colleges.
capital university bexley boasts several excellent public and private educational institutions including: bexley city schools; columbus school for girls; saint charles preparatory school; capital university; trinity lutheran seminary; and bexley hall seminary.	capital university bexley boasts several public and private educational institutions including: bexley city schools; columbus school for girls; saint charles preparatory school; capital university; trinity lutheran seminary; and bexley hall seminary.
sun moon lake (; zintun in the thao language) is the largest lake in taiwan as well as a popular tourist attraction.	sun moon lake (; zintun in the thao language) is the largest lake in taiwan as well as a tourist attraction.
francis drake, british pirate	francis drake, british privateer
margaret cho, actress and comedienne	margaret cho, actress and comedian
after the egyptian unrest, starting from 2011, many hindus came back to india.	after the egyptian unrest, starting from 2011, many hindus went back to india.
"the rational belief that any and all consciousness ceases to exist at death, and that death (""after-life"") itself is ultimately the exact same experience as prior to conception (""before life""), is common in atheism/agnosticism."	"the belief that any and all consciousness ceases to exist at death, and that death (""after-life"") itself is ultimately the exact same experience as prior to conception (""before life""), is common in atheism/agnosticism."
"it is sometimes mischaracterized as ""hiv-negative aids"" by aids denialists, though in fact its clinical presentation differs from that seen with hiv/aids."	"it is sometimes characterized as ""hiv-negative aids"" by aids denialists, though in fact its clinical presentation differs from that seen with hiv/aids."
the confederate states of america (csa, also known as the confederacy) was the confederation formed by the southern slave states that seceded from the united states and existed from 1861 to 1865. the seceding states seized control of federal forts and custom houses within their boundaries, triggering the american civil war.	the confederate states of america (csa, also known as the confederacy) was the confederation formed by the southern slave states that seceded from the united states and existed from 1861 to 1865. the seceding states took control of federal forts and custom houses within their boundaries, triggering the american civil war.
this final phase lasted from 1886 until as late as 1906, as small apache bands continued their murderous attacks on settlers and/or attacked pursuing united states cavalry expeditionary forces and local militia.	this final phase lasted from 1886 until as late as 1906, as small apache bands continued their attacks on settlers and/or attacked pursuing united states cavalry expeditionary forces and local militia.
additionally, the area is plagued with black-on-black crime, prostitution, gang and drug activity, as well as a high murder rate.	additionally, the area is plagued with crime, prostitution, gang and drug activity, as well as a high murder rate.
an extended standard for robot exclusion has been proposed, which adds several useful new directives, such as visit-time and request-rate.	an extended standard for robot exclusion has been proposed, which adds several new directives, such as visit-time and request-rate.
mckee was again arrested and interned for the duration of the conflict .	mckee was again arrested and interned for the duration of the campaign .
ios 7 is the seventh version of apple's ios mobile operating system and is the successor to ios 6. it was announced at the company's apple worldwide developers conference (wwdc) on june 10, 2013, and was released on september 18. it includes a redesigned user interface and a number of improvements to the operating system's functionality.	ios 7 is the seventh version of apple's ios mobile operating system and is the successor to ios 6. it was announced at the company's apple worldwide developers conference (wwdc) on june 10, 2013, and was released on september 18. it includes a redesigned user interface and a number of changes to the operating system's functionality.
"nirvana's kurt cobain, labeled by time as ""the john lennon of the swinging northwest"", appeared unusually tortured by success and struggled with an addiction to heroin before he committed suicide at the age of 27 in 1994."	"nirvana's kurt cobain, labeled by time as ""the john lennon of the swinging northwest"", appeared unusually tortured by success and struggled with an addiction to heroin before he died by suicide at the age of 27 in 1994."
the problem of a danish author to find an illustrator for his forthcoming book about islam has become an international crisis .	the problem of a danish author to find an illustrator for his forthcoming book about islam has become an international issue .
upright=1|rasputin's childish handwriting	upright=1|rasputin's handwriting
the band increased its level of leftwing political activism after the september 11th terrorist attacks.	the band increased its level of political activism after the september 11th terrorist attacks.
as a result of his varied background, kaneshiro can speak with varying degrees of fluency in english, taiwanese , mandarin, cantonese and japanese.	as a result of his varied background, kaneshiro can speak with varying degrees of fluency in english, min nan , mandarin, cantonese and japanese.
all traces of the former woodmont station were obliterated by the 1970s.	all traces of the former woodmont station were removed by the 1970s.
hobbyjapan co. is a japanese hobby magazine and publishing company, specializing in roleplaying, war, and tabletop games, as well as action figures, toys, and artbooks for successful anime, manga and light novel franchises.	hobbyjapan co. is a japanese hobby magazine and publishing company, specializing in roleplaying, war, and tabletop games, as well as action figures, toys, and artbooks for anime, manga and light novel franchises.
a video for the song was expected to premiere sometime in december 2006. unfortunately , both def jam recordings and atlantic records said there will be no music video for the song.	a video for the song was expected to premiere sometime in december 2006. however , both def jam recordings and atlantic records said there will be no music video for the song.
eric c. hansen is an award-winning sportswriter with the south bend (indiana) tribune.	eric c. hansen is an american sportswriter with the south bend (indiana) tribune.
he starred in monster on the campus, live fast, die young, and the tarnished angels, all in 1958, and opposite fellow teen idol sandra dee in a summer place in 1959. the latter made him a huge star, especially among teenage audiences.	he starred in monster on the campus, live fast, die young, and the tarnished angels, all in 1958, and opposite fellow teen idol sandra dee in a summer place in 1959. the latter made him a star, especially among teenage audiences.
the japanese government deliberately destroyed the reports on these korean women.	the japanese government intentionally destroyed the reports on these korean women.
"over the years, luttig has had many law clerks, who have been affectionately nicknamed ""luttigators""."	"over the years, luttig has had many law clerks, who have been nicknamed ""luttigators""."
the daily beast is a progressive american news and opinion website focused on politics and pop culture.	the daily beast is a american news and opinion website focused on politics and pop culture.
during this time he made increasingly paranoic anti-american and antisemitic statements, despite the fact that his mother and likely biological father were both jewish.	during this time he made increasingly anti-american and antisemitic statements, despite the fact that his mother and likely biological father were both jewish.
sagwal had an enormous aggressive streak and became a great attacker.	sagwal had an aggressive streak and became a great attacker.
harriet quimby (may 11, 1875 – july 1, 1912) was an early american aviatrix and movie screenwriter.	harriet quimby (may 11, 1875 – july 1, 1912) was an early american aviator and movie screenwriter.
nader claimed this had intensified the conflict with the ottoman empire which was sunni.	nader believed this had intensified the conflict with the ottoman empire which was sunni.
the ady gil, operated by the controversial sea shepherd conservation society, was painted with what the owners claimed to be radar-absorbent material.	the ady gil, operated by the sea shepherd conservation society, was painted with what the owners claimed to be radar-absorbent material.
nicolosi criticized psychiatry for falsely claiming to be value neutral, arguing that its attributing the problems of non-gay homosexual men to self-hatred devalued their struggles.	nicolosi criticized psychiatry for claiming to be value neutral, arguing that its attributing the problems of non-gay homosexual men to self-hatred devalued their struggles.
escape from british india to nazi germany and japan	escape from british india to germany and japan
timestamps can finally be in utc rather than only local time (starting with vista sp2)	timestamps can be in utc rather than only local time (starting with vista sp2)
eventually constantinople was re-taken from the hated latin empire in 1261 by the nicaean empire.	eventually constantinople was re-taken from the latin empire in 1261 by the nicaean empire.
carol ann alt (born december 1, 1960) is an american supermodel and actress.	carol ann alt (born december 1, 1960) is an american model and actress.
it is commonly used as a synonym for the hindu god vishnu.	it is used as a synonym for the hindu god vishnu.
some experts, officials, and republican members of congress contended that her use of private messaging system software and a private server, and the deletion of nearly 32,000 emails that she deemed private, violated state department protocols and procedures, and federal laws and regulations governing recordkeeping requirements.	some experts, officials, and members of congress contended that her use of private messaging system software and a private server, and the deletion of nearly 32,000 emails that she deemed private, violated state department protocols and procedures, and federal laws and regulations governing recordkeeping requirements.
in the controversial titans hunt storyline, nightwing and troia, accompained by some new allies, found and confronted him.	in the titans hunt storyline, nightwing and troia, accompained by some new allies, found and confronted him.
accounts between lis supporters and detractors diverge significantly, and as a result, should be understood within the context of the political and spiritual purposes for which different narratives were developed.	accounts between lis supporters and detractors diverge significantly, and as a result, can be understood within the context of the political and spiritual purposes for which different narratives were developed.
the christian sect of the religious society of friends (quakers) accepts new members into its monthly meetings.	the christian denomination of the religious society of friends (quakers) accepts new members into its monthly meetings.
a serious knee injury slowed woods down during the 1975 campaign and while having several solid years with the chargers, was never able to recapture the electricity of his rookie campaign.	a knee injury slowed woods down during the 1975 campaign and while having several solid years with the chargers, was never able to recapture the electricity of his rookie campaign.
deadlymantis.com this site has some amazing pictures of praying mantis and information on multiple species.	deadlymantis.com this site has some pictures of praying mantis and information on multiple species.
two other american criminals detained were private william marchuk, of norristown, pennsylvania, kidnapped in east berlin in 1949 and expatriate, john h. noble, 31, of detroit, michigan who was arrested by the red army in dresden, germany in 1945. many americans were never repatriated.	two other american servicemen detained were private william marchuk, of norristown, pennsylvania, kidnapped in east berlin in 1949 and expatriate, john h. noble, 31, of detroit, michigan who was arrested by the red army in dresden, germany in 1945. many americans were never repatriated.
"it also features a backing vocal in the coda remarkably similar to the corresponding section in the beatles' classic ""hey jude""."	"it also features a backing vocal in the coda remarkably similar to the corresponding section in the beatles' song ""hey jude""."
regarding vouchers in chile, respected researchers (dr. martin carnoy of stanford, patrick j. mcewan among others) have found that when controls for the student's background (parental income and education) are introduced, the difference in performance between public and private subsectors is not significant.	regarding vouchers in chile, researchers (dr. martin carnoy of stanford, patrick j. mcewan among others) have found that when controls for the student's background (parental income and education) are introduced, the difference in performance between public and private subsectors is not significant.
he started reading progressive literature, and supported many organizations that were later identified as front organizations of the communist party usa by the house un-american activities committee in the 1950s, though sinatra was never brought before the committee.	he started reading liberal literature, and supported many organizations that were later identified as front organizations of the communist party usa by the house un-american activities committee in the 1950s, though sinatra was never brought before the committee.
the following season, ethiopia recorded the greatest harvests of major crops in history, with a 32% increase in production, and a 15% increase in average yield over the previous season.	the following season, ethiopia recorded the largest harvests of major crops in history, with a 32% increase in production, and a 15% increase in average yield over the previous season.
she serves as the director of sharia watch uk, an organisation which was launched on 24 april 2014. in january 2016, waters launched pegida uk in conjunction with activist tommy robinson and far-right politician paul weston.	she serves as the director of sharia watch uk, an organisation which was launched on 24 april 2014. in january 2016, waters launched pegida uk in conjunction with activist tommy robinson and politician paul weston.
in may 2008, conservative leader and old etonian david cameron bizarrely named eton rifles as one of his favourite tracks.	in may 2008, conservative leader and old etonian david cameron named eton rifles as one of his favourite tracks.
a major point advanced by the ex-premie group centers around a criticism that prem rawat formerly made public claims of personal divinity and continues privately to make such claims while denying them in public.	a central point advanced by the ex-premie group centers around a criticism that prem rawat formerly made public claims of personal divinity and continues privately to make such claims while denying them in public.
"karma (xi'an ""shan"" coy manh) is a fictional superheroine from marvel comics created by chris claremont and frank miller."	"karma (xi'an ""shan"" coy manh) is a fictional superhero from marvel comics created by chris claremont and frank miller."
"often they use other trolls as an excuse for their own misbehavior , and in many cases, typecast a user as a ""troll"" regardless of his or her intent."	"often they use other trolls as an excuse for their own behavior , and in many cases, typecast a user as a ""troll"" regardless of his or her intent."
frederick henry ball (july 17, 1915 february 5, 2007) was an american movie studio executive, actor, and brother of comedienne lucille ball.	frederick henry ball (july 17, 1915 february 5, 2007) was an american movie studio executive, actor, and brother of comedian lucille ball.
minard lafever (17981854) was an influential american architect of churches and houses in the united states in the early nineteenth century.	minard lafever (17981854) was an american architect of churches and houses in the united states in the early nineteenth century.
"person of the year is an annual issue of u.s. newsmagazine time that features a profile ostensibly on the man, woman, couple, group, idea, place, or machine that ""for better or worse, has most influenced events in the preceding year."""	"person of the year is an annual issue of u.s. newsmagazine time that features a profile on the man, woman, couple, group, idea, place, or machine that ""for better or worse, has most influenced events in the preceding year."""
since 2006, porter has been investigating allegations made by the u.s. and israel about iran's nuclear program, and he has done significant reporting on u.s. diplomacy and military and intelligence operations in iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan.	since 2006, porter has been investigating allegations made by the u.s. and israel about iran's nuclear program, and he has done reporting on u.s. diplomacy and military and intelligence operations in iraq, afghanistan, and pakistan.
may 1996: seven northern soldiers cross south of the demilitarized zone, but retreat after warning shots are fired.	may 1996: seven northern soldiers cross south of the demilitarized zone, but withdraw after warning shots are fired.
dobson argues passionately that homosexuality is curable .	dobson argues passionately that homosexuality is malleable .
messing has been nominated many times for emmy awards and screen actors guild awards, and has won one of each, as well as a number of other entertainment industry awards.	messing has been nominated several times for emmy awards and screen actors guild awards, and has won one of each, as well as a number of other entertainment industry awards.
"indeed, one journalist's contemporary comparison of analog drum machines in general to ""marching anteaters"" has often been mistakenly believed to refer to the tr-808 in particular."	"indeed, one journalist's contemporary comparison of analog drum machines in general to ""marching anteaters"" has often been believed to refer to the tr-808 in particular."
if businesses succeed in incorporating both the preventive and promotive approach in reaching their goals, they become able to utilize the advantages of both legal and business goals.	if businesses succeed in incorporating both the preventive and promotive approach in reaching their goals, they may able to utilize the advantages of both legal and business goals.
the second edition was the best, with a reformed combat system and there are, on the web, printable versions of some of the material that was in line to be published but never was.	the second edition is considered by most players to be the best, with a reformed combat system and there are, on the web, printable versions of some of the material that was in line to be published but never was.
the tac led a popular campaign calling for her resignation or dismissal.	the tac led a campaign calling for her resignation or dismissal.
the incas had no iron or steel and their weapons were not much better than those of their opponents.	the incas had no iron or steel and their weapons were not much more effective than those of their opponents.
the goal of the russian tsar was to gain vital access to the baltic sea.	the goal of the russian tsar was to gain access to the baltic sea.
nearby parks include pancake bay provincial park and batchawana bay provincial park and beautiful lake superior provincial park.	nearby parks include pancake bay provincial park and batchawana bay provincial park and lake superior provincial park.
obafemi martins, a powerful footballer for newcastle united.	obafemi martins, a footballer for newcastle united.
map showing some of the israeli localities (and syrian villages in the golan heights) hit by rockets fired from lebanese soil as of monday 7 august.	map showing some of the israeli localities (and villages in the golan heights) hit by rockets fired from lebanese soil as of monday 7 august.
"in season 4, they open a second location in long beach, california, but in the premiere of season 5, it's revealed that the second ""now and then"" dynasty made a single profit since opening day, putting them in financial jeopardy."	"in season 4, they open a second location in long beach, california, but in the premiere of season 5, it's revealed that the second ""now and then"" store hadn't made a single profit since opening day, putting them in financial jeopardy."
robert chobert, a cab driver who claimed he was parked behind faulkner, identified abu-jamal as the shooter.	robert chobert, a cab driver who testified he was parked behind faulkner, identified abu-jamal as the shooter.
the rspb have shown that this precipitous decline is mainly due to changes in farming practices and only partly due to pesticides.	the rspb have shown that this large decline is mainly due to changes in farming practices and only partly due to pesticides.
on march 2, 2017, while accompanying controversial political scientist charles murray to a middlebury college speaking engagement, stanger was injured in a confrontation with protesters.	on march 2, 2017, while accompanying political scientist charles murray to a middlebury college speaking engagement, stanger was injured in a confrontation with protesters.
sevigny has several major upcoming projects in 2012: she has been cast as a journalist in lovelace, a biopic about pornographic film actress linda lovelace, the independent drama panarea (to be released in 2013) in a leading role, as well as lizzie borden, about the infamous axe murderer and divorce ranch, a comedy-drama in which she will star alongside zooey deschanel.	sevigny has several upcoming projects in 2012: she has been cast as a journalist in lovelace, a biopic about pornographic film actress linda lovelace, the independent drama panarea (to be released in 2013) in a leading role, as well as lizzie borden, about the infamous axe murderer and divorce ranch, a comedy-drama in which she will star alongside zooey deschanel.
(19081974) was an influential american depression era artist, white house/national gallery of art/american artists professional league honoree, inventor, patent holder, author, and chair of art, university of south dakota.	(19081974) was an american depression era artist, white house/national gallery of art/american artists professional league honoree, inventor, patent holder, author, and chair of art, university of south dakota.
primary school), a church (the church of the good shepherd), a travelodge, an inn called the windmill, an indian restaurant, a chinese takeaway and several shops including a superb tesco express.	primary school), a church (the church of the good shepherd), a travelodge, an inn called the windmill, an indian restaurant, a chinese takeaway and several shops including a tesco express.
the organisation is based upon the same political platform as its mother party, focusing on human rights and gender equality and aligning itself with feminism rather than traditional leftright politics.	the organisation is based upon the same political platform as its parent party, focusing on human rights and gender equality and aligning itself with feminism rather than traditional leftright politics.
basingstoke and deane borough council, which has its offices in the town, is a hung council, having 30 conservative, 16 liberal democrat, eight labour and three independent councillors.	basingstoke and deane borough council, which has its offices in the town, is a well-balanced council, having 30 conservative, 16 liberal democrat, eight labour and three independent councillors.
golden era productions is a special organization operated by the church of scientology that produces brainwashing promotional material for the church's membership, as well as many of the restored lectures, e-meters, training films and other materials related to the scriptures or works of church founder l. ron hubbard.	golden era productions is a special organization operated by the church of scientology that produces promotional material for the church's membership, as well as many of the restored lectures, e-meters, training films and other materials related to the scriptures or works of church founder l. ron hubbard.
"he is best known for his unique paintings that he called ""compositions"", consisting of rectangular forms of red, yellow, blue, white or black, separated by black rectilinear lines."	"he is best known for his non-representational paintings that he called ""compositions"", consisting of rectangular forms of red, yellow, blue, white or black, separated by black rectilinear lines."
harris has stirred some additional controversy by being a speaker at the 'reclaim america for christ conferences'.	harris has stirred some controversy by being a speaker at the 'reclaim america for christ conferences'.
"the album's single, ""blue room"", is itself a reference to the supposed blue room of wright-patterson air force base, which was heavily investigated as a possible ufo evidence-holding room."	"the album's single, ""blue room"", is itself a reference to the supposed blue room of wright-patterson air force base, which was investigated as a possible ufo evidence-holding room."
over the past 30 years, norway has evolved from an ethnically homogeneous society to a culturally diverse nation with large immigrant communities, especially in oslo where a quarter of the citizens are immigrants.	over the past 30 years, norway has changed from an ethnically homogeneous society to a culturally diverse nation with large immigrant communities, especially in oslo where a quarter of the citizens are immigrants.
in february 2011, evidence was made public that karl-theodor zu guttenberg had copied numerous unattributed passages from sources such as newspaper articles, speeches or term papers.	in february 2011, evidence was made public that karl-theodor zu guttenberg had copied several unattributed passages from sources such as newspaper articles, speeches or term papers.
the race and intelligence controversy is a decades-old dispute about research which examines the nature, origins, and practical consequences of alleged racial and ethnic group differences in intelligence.	the race and intelligence controversy is a decades-old dispute about research which examines the nature, origins, and practical consequences of possible racial and ethnic group differences in intelligence.
he is best known for his role as atreyu in 80s masterpiece film the neverending story and for portraying boxey on the original tv series battlestar galactica.	he is best known for his role as atreyu in 80s film the neverending story and for portraying boxey on the original tv series battlestar galactica.
operation flavius was the name given to an operation by a special air service team in gibraltar on 6 march 1988 tasked with neutralising the members of a provisional irish republican army active service unit.	operation flavius was the name given to an operation by a special air service team in gibraltar on 6 march 1988 tasked with executing the members of a provisional irish republican army active service unit.
after a series of embarrassing defections from the conservative party, the current political division as of january 2013 is:	after a series of defections from the conservative party, the current political division as of january 2013 is:
in keeping with the serial concept, the first edition consists of six thin cheap paperbacks.	in keeping with the serial concept, the first edition consists of six thin , low-priced paperbacks.
genital mutilation is a term used to describe changes or body mutilations which destroy some or all of the functions of the genitalia, especially non-consensual mutilations done without medical diagnosis.	genital mutilation is a term used to describe changes or body mutilations which destroy some or all of the functions of the genitalia, especially mutilations done without medical diagnosis.
thomas stated on one occasion that for a period of time he was influenced by objectivism, the ideology of ayn rand.	thomas stated on one occasion that for a period of time he was influenced by objectivism, the philosophy of ayn rand.
on january 23, 2007, opposition protesters paralyzed lebanon in massive demonstrations leaving three people from both sides dead, and more than 100 injured.	on january 23, 2007, hezbollah-led protesters paralyzed lebanon in massive demonstrations leaving three people from both sides dead, and more than 100 injured.
"on january 18, 2013, russian government officials announced that judges, investigators, justice ministry officials and special services agents who were involved in russian citizens viktor bouts and konstantin yaroshenkos legal prosecution and sentencing to long terms of imprisonment would be added to the ""guantanamo list"" of u.s. officials who will be denied russian entry visas, in retaliation for the u.s. ""magnitsky act"", under which certain russian officials are ineligible to enter the united states."	"on january 18, 2013, russian government officials announced that judges, investigators, justice ministry officials and special services agents who were involved in russian citizens viktor bouts and konstantin yaroshenkos legal prosecution and sentencing to long terms of imprisonment would be added to the ""guantanamo list"" of u.s. officials who will be denied russian entry visas, in response for the u.s. ""magnitsky act"", under which certain russian officials are ineligible to enter the united states."
with approximately 5% of the world's population, the u.s. guzzles about 25% of the world's oil and 40% of the world's gasoline produced each day -- about 2/3 of which are imports.	with approximately 5% of the world's population, the u.s. uses about 25% of the world's oil and 40% of the world's gasoline produced each day -- about 2/3 of which are imports.
in 1959, cornell, comedienne martha raye, and other investors formed the big daddy mining company.	in 1959, cornell, comedian martha raye, and other investors formed the big daddy mining company.
sadly the project was not funded and only the original single mg based car was built	the project was not funded and only the original single mg based car was built
albert camus was born on 7 november 1913 in dran (then known as mondovi) in french algeria to a pied-noir settler family.	albert camus was born on 7 november 1913 in dran (then known as mondovi) in french algeria to a pied-noir family.
on january 23, iraq dumped dumping approximately 1 million tons of crude oil into the gulf, causing the largest oil spill in history.	on january 23, iraq was accused of dumping approximately 1 million tons of crude oil into the gulf, causing the largest oil spill in history.
when rollo led the danes in a siege, they were formidable enough to persuade charles the simple that they might become valuable allies.	when rollo led the vikings in a siege, they were formidable enough to persuade charles the simple that they might become valuable allies.
a liberty ship, converted to a hospital ship, is the eponymous subject and setting of alistair maclean's mystery thriller san andreas (1984) the prologue to this novel, also by maclean, is an interesting essay on liberty ships and the conditions, character and behavior of the british merchant marine owners that used them, and sailors that sailed them.	a liberty ship, converted to a hospital ship, is the eponymous subject and setting of alistair maclean's mystery thriller san andreas (1984) the prologue to this novel, also by maclean, is an essay on liberty ships and the conditions, character and behavior of the british merchant marine owners that used them, and sailors that sailed them.
beginning in the mid 2000s, television stations increasingly demanded cable companies like comcast to pay retransmission fees in exchange for permission to broadcast their content.	beginning in the mid 2000s, television stations increasingly required cable companies like comcast to pay retransmission fees in exchange for permission to broadcast their content.
the original playstation was the first of the notorious playstation series of console and hand-held game devices, which has included successor machines including the net yaroze, psone (a smaller version of the original), pocketstation, playstation 2, a revised, slimline ps2, playstation portable, psx (japan only), and playstation 3.	the original playstation was the first of the ubiquitous playstation series of console and hand-held game devices, which has included successor machines including the net yaroze, psone (a smaller version of the original), pocketstation, playstation 2, a revised, slimline ps2, playstation portable, psx (japan only), and playstation 3.
jon scheyer (glenbrook north) is a standout collegiate basketball player at duke university.	jon scheyer (glenbrook north) is a collegiate basketball player at duke university.
comedienne , presenter and author.	comedian , presenter and author.
since it is neither located directly on ground zero nor primarily a mosque, some news media have cautioned against the use of this term.	since it is neither located directly on ground zero nor primarily a mosque, some news media have advised against the use of this term.
however, few constitutional scholars support these fanciful theories.	however, few constitutional scholars support these theories.
although a truly representative sampling of the world's thousands of languages would be unworkable, a derivation from, say, the romance, semitic , indo-aryan, bantu, and chinese languages would strike many as being fairer than esperanto-like solutions, as these families cover about 60% of the world's population, compared to a quarter for romance and germanic.	although a truly representative sampling of the world's thousands of languages would be unworkable, a derivation from, say, the romance, arabic , indo-aryan, bantu, and chinese languages would strike many as being fairer than esperanto-like solutions, as these families cover about 60% of the world's population, compared to a quarter for romance and germanic.
some members of ctc were unhappy with this decision, but a poll of the membership resulted in the majority who voted agreeing to this change.	members of ctc were unhappy with this decision, but a poll of the membership resulted in the majority who voted agreeing to this change.
"the group turned out three hit albums during the late-1970s, including the platinum-selling soundtrack to the movie car wash. one underrated song, ""wishing on a star"", only peaked at #52 on the r&b charts and failed to grace the billboard hot 100 despite it going on to be a major classic in their repertoire, enlivened again by acts such as the latin freestyle music girl group cover girls who scored a #9 pop hit with it in 1992. nevertheless, before the 80s, the group scored five classics in five years: ""i'm going down"", ""i wanna get next to you"", ""wishing on a star"", ""love don't live here anymore"", and ""car wash""."	"the group turned out three hit albums during the late-1970s, including the platinum-selling soundtrack to the movie car wash. one song, ""wishing on a star"", only peaked at #52 on the r&b charts and failed to grace the billboard hot 100 despite it going on to be a major classic in their repertoire, enlivened again by acts such as the latin freestyle music girl group cover girls who scored a #9 pop hit with it in 1992. nevertheless, before the 80s, the group scored five classics in five years: ""i'm going down"", ""i wanna get next to you"", ""wishing on a star"", ""love don't live here anymore"", and ""car wash""."
one of the most infamous figures of the revolution, benedict arnold, was born in norwich.	one of the most notable figures of the revolution, benedict arnold, was born in norwich.
a year zero does not exist in the christian era and thus also does not exist in the gregorian calendar.	a year zero does not exist in the common era and thus also does not exist in the gregorian calendar.
in the stadium's first premiership match, reading came from a two-goal deficit after twenty minutes to clinch a thrilling 32 victory over middlesbrough.	in the stadium's first premiership match, reading came from a two-goal deficit after twenty minutes to clinch a 32 victory over middlesbrough.
these plans, although opposed by some local groups	these plans, which are opposed by some local groups
his claims are roundly dismissed by the serious scientific community as bad science in light of the lack of inexplicable alien dna in our genetic code.	his claims are roundly dismissed by the scientific community as bad science in light of the lack of inexplicable alien dna in our genetic code.
redirect neutral seventh	redirect neutral interval
bello also notes that words like nada, poco, algo, and mucho can be used as neuters in some contexts.	bello also notes that words such as nada, poco, algo, and mucho can be used as neuters in some contexts.
sachin ramesh tendulkar (marathi: ), (born 24 april, 1973) is a peerless current indian cricketer who was rated by wisden in 2002 as the second greatest test cricket and odi batsman of all time after the legendary sir don bradman and viv richards respectively.	sachin ramesh tendulkar (marathi: ), (born 24 april, 1973) is a current indian cricketer who was rated by wisden in 2002 as the second greatest test cricket and odi batsman of all time after the legendary sir don bradman and viv richards respectively.
following the debate, conservative news outlets slammed cnn for liberal bias for posting only a very small portion of the debate, leaving out many of shapiro's critical conservative points.	following the debate, conservative news outlets criticized cnn for liberal bias for posting only a very small portion of the debate, leaving out many of shapiro's critical conservative points.
a funnier self deprecating version is as follows.	a self deprecating version is as follows.
it has a spongy texture and a delicious flavour.	it has a spongy texture and a fairly bland flavour.
the mixture of racism, propaganda, and well- known japanese atrocities such as forced labor, cannibalism, vivisection, and torture of pow's,	the mixture of racism, propaganda, and well- publicized japanese atrocities such as forced labor, cannibalism, vivisection, and torture of pow's,
daniel j. flynn is a prominent american conservative and the author of the books why the left hates america and intellectual morons.	daniel j. flynn is a american conservative and the author of the books why the left hates america and intellectual morons.
he also scored a stunning goal against mexico in the round of 16.	he also scored a goal against mexico in the round of 16.
with the stock market crash of 1929 and the ensuing great depression, political unrest in europe soared including the rise in support of revanchist nationalists in germany who falsy blamed the severity of the economic crisis on the treaty of versailles.	with the stock market crash of 1929 and the ensuing great depression, political unrest in europe soared including the rise in support of revanchist nationalists in germany who blamed the severity of the economic crisis on the treaty of versailles.
today, cruden bay attracts tourists with its hotels and well-known golf course.	today, cruden bay attracts tourists with its hotels and golf course.
however, there are hadith, or recorded oral traditions, that seem to forbid any representational art:	however, there are hadith, or recorded oral traditions, that have been interpreted to forbid any representational art:
these days the town is more at home with the alternative music scene and many up-and-coming bands will play in the back room at the racehorse inn, abington square to follow in the footsteps of giants like deep purple, madness and my cat dillion.	these days the town is more at home with the alternative music scene and many up-and-coming bands will play in the back room at the racehorse inn, abington square to follow in the footsteps of groups like deep purple, madness and my cat dillion.
some of its members left the party and remained in synaspismos, which evolved into a separate left-wing party that is now an alliance of synaspismos with other leftist splinter groups called the (coalition of the radical left).	some of its members left the party and remained in synaspismos, which evolved into a separate left-wing party that is now an alliance of synaspismos with other leftist groups called the (coalition of the radical left).
sylvia field (february 28, 1901 – july 31, 1998) was an american actress whose several-decades-long career encompassed performances on stage, screen, and tv.	sylvia field (february 28, 1901 – july 31, 1998) was an american actress whose career encompassed performances on stage, screen, and tv.
in fact, the circumstantial evidence for de vere as the author of the shakespearean plays is overwhelmingly , while the evidence for the man from stratford is essentially nil.	in fact, the circumstantial evidence for de vere as the author of the shakespearean plays is very strong , while the evidence for the man from stratford is essentially nil.
the state continues to be a dominating influence in the economy, and reforms have so far failed to bring about much-needed structural changes.	the state continues to be a dominating influence in the economy, and reforms have so far failed to bring about structural changes.
in 1999, justus reid weiner, a lawyer at the jerusalem center for public affairs, conducted a study in which he asserts that edward said's family did not permanently reside in talbiya and did not live there during the final months of the british mandate, and thus they could not be considered refugees.	in 1999, justus reid weiner, a scholar at the jerusalem center for public affairs, conducted a study in which he asserts that edward said's family did not permanently reside in talbiya and did not live there during the final months of the british mandate, and thus they could not be considered refugees.
since 1873, some legal and constitutional historians have sided with bishop and not the individual rights model; see the symposium in chicago kent law review 76 and the fordham law review vol 73. other legal and constitutional historians have sided with the standard model; see the testimony of eugene volokh, .	since 1873, some legal and constitutional historians have sided with bishop and not the individual rights model; see the symposium in chicago kent law review 76 and the fordham law review vol 73. other legal and constitutional historians have sided with the individual rights model; see the testimony of eugene volokh, .
the real estate professional who is a member of the nar subscribes to its strict code of ethics which include duties to clients, customers, the public, and to other realtors.	the real estate professional who is a member of the nar subscribes to its code of ethics which include duties to clients, customers, the public, and to other realtors.
character education is emphasized school-wide, and community service opportunities abound from preschool through upper school.	character education is emphasized school-wide, and community service opportunities are present from preschool through upper school.
this should be contrasted with the method used in the nazi germany, which was instituted en masse and secretly.	this may be contrasted with the method used in the nazi germany, which was instituted en masse and secretly.
in july, 2007 oakland, california police department officers grabbed and detained a peaceful critical mass rider on the oakland, california ride, which stages at frank ogawa plaza on the first friday of each month.	in july, 2007 oakland, california police department officers grabbed and detained a critical mass rider on the oakland, california ride, which stages at frank ogawa plaza on the first friday of each month.
famous footballer ji adek was born here.	international footballer ji adek was born here.
kerli was born in tartu county, estonia in the municipality elva, with a population of 5,000 during the soviet occupation of estonia which ended when she was four years old.	kerli was born in tartu county, estonia in the municipality elva, with a population of 5,000 during the soviet rule of estonia which ended when she was four years old.
opposition to knight is often levied on his incredible claims against catholic dogma; for example in the second messiah he claims that the turin shroud is not an image of jesus, but of the last templar grandmaster jacques de molay (who, he claims, was tortured in the same way as christ was believed to have been crucified).	opposition to knight is often levied on his claims against catholic dogma; for example in the second messiah he claims that the turin shroud is not an image of jesus, but of the last templar grandmaster jacques de molay (who, he claims, was tortured in the same way as christ was believed to have been crucified).
colonel childers (a veteran of vietnam, whose actions there will play a major role later on in the film) and his men are sent in to evacuate the sniveling u.s. ambassador, his wife and young son.	colonel childers (a veteran of vietnam, whose actions there will play a major role later on in the film) and his men are sent in to evacuate the u.s. ambassador, his wife and young son.
however, the only other person buried there was ussishkin himself, who died in 1941. a national leaders plot was established on mount herzl after the founding of the state in 1948, in part because mount scopus became an enclave in jordanian- occupied territory.	however, the only other person buried there was ussishkin himself, who died in 1941. a national leaders plot was established on mount herzl after the founding of the state in 1948, in part because mount scopus became an enclave in jordanian- ruled territory.
features interfaces for software including mupad, pari/gp, gnuplot, povray , co.	features interfaces for software including mupad, pari/gp, gnuplot, pov-ray , co.
the original campus of liu, located across the street from junior's restaurant, includes the famous brooklyn paramount theater, the worlds first theater built expressly for talking pictures.	the original campus of liu, located across the street from junior's restaurant, includes the brooklyn paramount theater, the worlds first theater built expressly for talking pictures.
"according to woodhouse ""...communist prisoners were released by the german occupation forces from the jail on acronafplia at the request of the bulgarian embassy in athens""."	"according to woodhouse ""...communist prisoners were released by the german occupation forces from the jail on akronafplia , at the request of the bulgarian embassy in athens""."
he became the frontman of a two-person electronic rock band called doomington, along with stretch armstrong, a legendary dj and music producer.	he became the frontman of a two-person electronic rock band called doomington, along with stretch armstrong, a successful dj and music producer.
he served in government for three decades, twice as prime ministerthe first and thus far only person of jewish extraction to do so (although disraeli was baptised in the anglican church at 13).	he served in government for three decades, twice as prime ministerthe first and thus far only person of jewish background to do so (although disraeli was baptised in the anglican church at 13).
thus, in translating the hebrew bible, evidence from qumran manuscripts and ancient versions in greek, aramaic or syriac is sometimes used to correct the masoretic text.	thus, in translating the hebrew bible, evidence from qumran manuscripts and ancient versions in greek, aramaic or syriac is sometimes used to instead of the masoretic text.
roberto fiore (born 15 april 1959 in rome) is an italian neofascist politician and a founding member of the european third position (terza posizione) movement which is against both communism and capitalism.	roberto fiore (born 15 april 1959 in rome) is an italian nationalist politician and a founding member of the european third position (terza posizione) movement which is against both communism and capitalism.
"popular new atheist author sam harris jokingly described craig at their notre dame university debate as ""the one christian apologist who seems to have put the fear of god into many of my fellow atheists."""	"popular new atheist author sam harris described craig at their notre dame university debate as ""the one christian apologist who seems to have put the fear of god into many of my fellow atheists."""
a snowmobile (known locally as snowmachine, snowsled or by the famous brandname ski-doo) is a land vehicle that is commonly propelled by a track or tracks at the rear and steered by skis at the front.	a snowmobile (known locally as snowmachine, snowsled or by the brandname ski-doo) is a land vehicle that is commonly propelled by a track or tracks at the rear and steered by skis at the front.
jessica hynes (actress and comedienne ) born in lewisham	jessica hynes (actress and comedian ) born in lewisham
during march 2010, the bankruptcy court examiner released a report on lehman brothers, which had failed spectacularly in september 2008. the report indicated that up to $50 billion was moved off-balance sheet in a questionable manner by management during 2008, with the effect of making its debt level (leverage ratio) appear smaller.	during march 2010, the bankruptcy court examiner released a report on lehman brothers, which had failed in september 2008. the report indicated that up to $50 billion was moved off-balance sheet in a questionable manner by management during 2008, with the effect of making its debt level (leverage ratio) appear smaller.
other wac translators were assigned jobs helping the u.s. army interface with our chinese allies.	other wac translators were assigned jobs helping the u.s. army interface with the united states' chinese allies.
link in the legendary ocarina of time	link playing the legendary ocarina of time
"among those receiving such special treatment (some more than once) were marx, olivier, katharine hepburn (without an audience), orson welles, john lennon & yoko ono, alfred hitchcock, fred astaire, woody allen, jerry lewis, lucille ball, zero mostel (""on some shows i've had just one guest, but tonight i have zero"") and even david bowie."	"among those receiving such special treatment (some more than once) were marx, olivier, katharine hepburn (without an audience), orson welles, john lennon & yoko ono, alfred hitchcock, fred astaire, woody allen, jerry lewis, lucille ball, zero mostel (""on some shows i've had just one guest, but tonight i have zero"") and david bowie."
the slovenian patrol ship was sent to east sicily in late 2013 to assist italy with refugees from north africa, as a part of operation mare nostrum.	the slovenian patrol ship was sent to east sicily in late 2013 to assist italy with migrants from north africa, as a part of operation mare nostrum.
laguna beach is a wealthy seaside resort and artistic community located in southern orange county, california, approximately 24 miles (39 km) southeast of downtown santa ana.	laguna beach is a seaside resort and artistic community located in southern orange county, california, approximately 24 miles (39 km) southeast of downtown santa ana.
squaresoft's seminal console role-playing games, final fantasy and final fantasy ii have been rereleased several times in collective works which include both games.	squaresoft's console role-playing games, final fantasy and final fantasy ii have been rereleased several times in collective works which include both games.
anslinger also popularized the word marihuana for the plant, using a mexican derived word (believed to be derived from a brazilian portuguese term for inebriation) in order to associate the plant with increasing numbers of illegal mexican immigrants, creating a negative stereotype which persists to this day.	anslinger also popularized the word marihuana for the plant, using a mexican derived word (believed to be derived from a brazilian portuguese term for inebriation) in order to associate the plant with increasing numbers of mexican immigrants, creating a negative stereotype which persists to this day.
kimco realty acquired the dying mall in 2003, with plans for renovation.	kimco realty acquired the mall in 2003, with plans for renovation.
failure to capture the tense, scary, and foreboding atmosphere of the game doom 3 (which the movie is supposedly loosely based on) and the run-and-gun action of the original game.	failure to capture the tense, scary, and foreboding atmosphere of the game doom 3 (which the movie is loosely based on) and the run-and-gun action of the original game.
"nearly all republicans in the house of representatives (along with three democrats) voted 224-201 to defund daca in june 2013. lead author of the amendment rep. steve king (r-iowa) explained , ""the point here is...the president does not have the authority to waive immigration law, nor does he have the authority to create it out of thin air, and he's done both with these morton memos in this respect."""	"nearly all republicans in the house of representatives (along with three democrats) voted 224-201 to defund daca in june 2013. lead author of the amendment rep. steve king (r-iowa) stated , ""the point here is...the president does not have the authority to waive immigration law, nor does he have the authority to create it out of thin air, and he's done both with these morton memos in this respect."""
in the 1960s, astatke moved to the united states, where he became the first african student to enroll at boston's prestigious berklee college of music, where he studied vibraphone and percussion.	in the 1960s, astatke moved to the united states, where he became the first african student to enroll at boston's berklee college of music, where he studied vibraphone and percussion.
"during the 2003 ""black spring"", the regime imprisoned 75 dissidents, including 29 journalists."	"during the 2003 ""black spring"", the government allegedly imprisoned 75 dissidents, including 29 journalists."
"she also commented on the outfit's offensive nature, ""...it is certainly no disrespect to anyone that is vegan or vegetarian."	"she also commented on the outfit's nature, ""...it is certainly no disrespect to anyone that is vegan or vegetarian."
interestingly , he had applied for british citizenship before in 1862 but was refused.	as it happens , he had applied for british citizenship before in 1862 but was refused.
"john joseph mcgraw (april 7, 1873 – february 25, 1934), nicknamed ""little napoleon"" and ""mugsy"", was a major league baseball (mlb) player and long-time manager of the new york giants."	"john joseph mcgraw (april 7, 1873 – february 25, 1934), nicknamed ""little napoleon"" and ""mugsy"", was a major league baseball (mlb) player and manager of the new york giants."
for instance, in a telling to a conservative middle class audience, the assaulted man could be a middle class businessman, the unhelpful passers-by could be so-called respectable people like a pastor and the substitute for the samaritan could be some disliked minority such as a homosexual atheist biker gang member.	for instance, in a telling to a conservative middle class audience, the assaulted man could be a middle class businessman, the unhelpful passers-by could be presumably respectable people like a pastor and the substitute for the samaritan could be some disliked minority such as a homosexual atheist biker gang member.
the techniques of aids revisionists are largely those of rhetoric: they have not conducted the experiments necessary to support their own theories.	the techniques of aids dissidents are largely those of rhetoric: they have not conducted the experiments necessary to support their own theories.
equis: as one of only 3 business schools in germany ebs is accredited by equis.	equis: as one of 3 business schools in germany ebs is accredited by equis.
fire was a mystical force that transformed one substance into another and thus was of primary interest to mankind .	fire was a mystical force that transformed one substance into another and thus was of primary interest to humanity .
david orme-johnson, former psychology professor and researcher at maharishi university of management (which was founded by the inventor of tm, and at which all students and faculty practice tm every day), believer in the paranormal maharishi effect, and author of over 100 studies related to the transcendental meditation technique, cites research showing greater autonomy, innovative thought, and increases in creativity, general intelligence and moral reasoning in tm practitioners.	david orme-johnson, former psychology professor and researcher at maharishi university of management (which was founded by the inventor of tm, and at which all students and faculty practice tm every day), believer in the maharishi effect, and author of over 100 studies related to the transcendental meditation technique, cites research showing greater autonomy, innovative thought, and increases in creativity, general intelligence and moral reasoning in tm practitioners.
usdan center (officially the suzanne and nathaniel usdan center for the creative and performing arts) is a wheatley heights, long island-based summer day camp, situated on beautiful in the middle of the woods.	usdan center (officially the suzanne and nathaniel usdan center for the creative and performing arts) is a wheatley heights, long island-based summer day camp, situated on in the middle of the woods.
the serbian government regards kosovo as a serbian province under the name of autonomous province of kosovo and metohija (, autonomna pokrajina kosovo i metohija, also , kosmet; ), and is supported in this view by some other states (including russia and the people's republic of china).	the serbian government regards kosovo as a serbian province under the name of autonomous province of kosovo and metohija (, autonomna pokrajina kosovo i metohija, also , kosmet; ), and is supported in this view by other states (including russia and the people's republic of china).
"in 2006, the bbc reported that maciej giertych, an mep of the right-wing league of polish families, had expressed admiration for franco, stating that he ""guaranteed the maintenance of traditional values in europe""."	"in 2006, the bbc reported that maciej giertych, an mep of the league of polish families, had expressed admiration for franco, stating that he ""guaranteed the maintenance of traditional values in europe""."
the cult awareness network famously received more complaints concerning scientology than any other group.	the cult awareness network received more complaints concerning scientology than any other group.
soviet anti-zionism was an antisemitic propaganda doctrine promulgated in the soviet union during the course of the cold war and intensified after the 1967 six day war.	soviet anti-zionism was an propaganda doctrine promulgated in the soviet union during the course of the cold war and intensified after the 1967 six day war.
this is a fancy way of saying that the conformal symmetry of the classical theory is anomalously broken, thereby setting up a mass scale.	this is a way of saying that the conformal symmetry of the classical theory is anomalously broken, thereby setting up a mass scale.
"the film features short dramatized experiences and interviews of a team of ""personal transformation specialists"", ""spiritual messengers"", ""feng shui masters"", and moneymaking ""experts""."	"the film features short dramatized experiences and interviews of a team of ""personal transformation specialists"", ""spiritual messengers"", ""feng shui masters"", and so called ""experts""."
s. s. badrinath or sengamedu srinivasa badrinath is the founder and chairman emeritus of sankara nethralaya, chennai; one of india's finest eye hospitals.	s. s. badrinath or sengamedu srinivasa badrinath is the founder and chairman emeritus of sankara nethralaya, chennai; one of india's eye hospitals.
tim mitchell is a grammy-winning producer, songwriter and guitarist from detroit who has worked along side musicians bob seger, gloria estefan, mandy moore, jon secada and shakira.	tim mitchell is a producer, songwriter and guitarist from detroit who has worked along side musicians bob seger, gloria estefan, mandy moore, jon secada and shakira.
ivan massow (born 1967) is a prominent businessman and british politician, formerly chairman of london's institute of contemporary arts.	ivan massow (born 1967) is a prominent entrepreneur and british politician, formerly chairman of london's institute of contemporary arts.
"even with catchy singles like ""sweet, sweet baby"" and ""ways to be wicked"" (written by tom petty and mike campbell), the album didn't meet commercial expectations."	"even with radio - friendly singles like ""sweet, sweet baby"" and ""ways to be wicked"" (written by tom petty and mike campbell), the album didn't meet commercial expectations."
recognizing untapped talent, coach stephen francis started coaching powell one week later.	recognizing some talent, coach stephen francis started coaching powell one week later.
"her political idealism also led her to compose a ballad entitled ""che"" in honor of the 1960s murderer icon che guevara."	"her political idealism also led her to compose a ballad entitled ""che"" in honor of the 1960s revolutionary icon che guevara."
in january 2007, russ swift, a stunt driver that has appeared on the show a number of times, revealed in an interview that the stig is not played by just one person.	in january 2007, russ swift, a stunt driver that has appeared on the show a number of times, said in an interview that the stig is not played by just one person.
PUNCT PUNCT PUNCT VERB NOUN NOUN DET ADP NOUN ADP NOUN CCONJ PART VERB VERB NOUN ADP ADP DET NOUN PUNCT VERB ADJ NOUN PUNCT	punct punct punct ROOT compound dobj advmod prep pobj prep pobj cc aux conj xcomp dobj prep pcomp det poss case case amod pobj punct
hindus in pakistan nowadays make barely 2% of the total population, roughly 3 million people.	hindus in pakistan nowadays make 2% of the total population, roughly 3 million people.
on november 6, fanci planes bombed a french base in bouak, apparently by accident, killing nine french soldiers and an american aid worker and injuring 39 others.	on november 6, fanci planes bombed a french base in bouak, supposedly by accident, killing nine french soldiers and an american aid worker and injuring 39 others.
current studies suggests that radiative forcing by greenhouse gases is the primary cause of global warming.	current studies indicate that radiative forcing by greenhouse gases is the primary cause of global warming.
apollo carreon quiboloy is the founder and leader of the religious organization , kingdom of jesus christ.	apollo carreon quiboloy is the founder and leader of the religious cult , kingdom of jesus christ.
currently, msnbc is a mix of opinion hosts from across the political spectrum: keith olbermann leans to the far- left; chris matthews, although admittedly supported george w. bush for president, was a former speechwriter for president jimmy carter, brings a far-right viewpoint; while joe scarborough, a former republican congressman, and tucker carlson lean to the mid-right.	currently, msnbc is a mix of opinion hosts from across the political spectrum: keith olbermann leans to the left; chris matthews, although admittedly supported george w. bush for president, was a former speechwriter for president jimmy carter, brings a far-right viewpoint; while joe scarborough, a former republican congressman, and tucker carlson lean to the mid-right.
many people sadly use the havanese's rarity to sell them for a fast profit.	many people use the havanese's rarity to sell them for a fast profit.
in response to claims of a consensus on global warming, some skeptics have compared the theory to a religion, to scientific support for the eugenics movement, and to discredited scientific theories such as phlogiston and miasma.	in response to claims of a consensus on global warming, some observers have compared the theory to a religion, to scientific support for the eugenics movement, and to discredited scientific theories such as phlogiston and miasma.
it is so far the only country with such an explicit no-first-use policy.	it is so far the only country with an explicit no-first-use policy.
then, in 2001, the country was shocked by the violent death of his ex-wife, apparently at the hands of a young black security guard during the course of a robbery.	then, in 2001, the country was shocked by the violent death of his ex-wife, apparently at the hands of a young security guard during the course of a robbery.
geoff dench has commented on hewitt's statements for discouraging male carers entering the profession by insinuating that they were on permanent probation.	geoff dench has commented on hewitt's statements for discouraging male carers entering the profession by suggestingre that they were on permanent probation.
significant other is a gender- neutral , politically correct term to refer to a persons partner in a romantic relationship without disclosing his or her personal or lifestyle choices or sexual orientation.	significant other is a gender- blind , politically correct term to refer to a persons partner in a romantic relationship without disclosing his or her personal or lifestyle choices or sexual orientation.
the above development potentially has dramatic consequences for mankinds future, and welcomed live earth and save our selves initiatives, for beginning the process of mobilizing the people to take action on this matter.	the above development potentially has dramatic consequences for humanitys future, and welcomed live earth and save our selves initiatives, for beginning the process of mobilizing the people to take action on this matter.
rachel robinson, born rachel annetta isum (july 19, 1922), was the wife of extraordinary african-american baseball player, jackie robinson.	rachel robinson, born rachel annetta isum (july 19, 1922), was the wife of the famous african-american baseball player, jackie robinson.
subordinationism is a questionable doctrine which holds that jesus is eternally subordinate to god the father, implying a hierarchical view of the trinity.	subordinationism is a doctrine which holds that jesus is eternally subordinate to god the father, implying a hierarchical view of the trinity.
tamils living abroad are intimidated to contribute a percentage of their income for the maintenance of the ltte cadres .	tamils living abroad are encouraged to contribute a percentage of their income for the maintenance of the ltte cadres .
"today, the term ""japan-bashing"" is often used against asian critics who accuse japan of attempting territorial expansionism and whitewashing history (see senkaku islands, dokdo , yasukuni shrine, and japanese history textbook controversies)."	"today, the term ""japan-bashing"" is often used against asian critics who accuse japan of attempting territorial expansionism and whitewashing history (see senkaku islands, liancourt rocks , yasukuni shrine, and japanese history textbook controversies)."
after failing in other detox programs, a number of prominent western drug addicts have sought treatment at wat tham krabok, including british punk rock musician and kate moss boyfriend pete doherty, rock music singer christy dignam of aslan, and american writer patrick k. kroupa.	after failing in other detox programs, a number of prominent western drug addicts have sought treatment at wat tham krabok, including british punk rock musician and kate moss boyfriend pete doherty, rock music singer christy dignam of aslan, and american computer underground personality patrick k. kroupa.
the town of marysville includes a bakery, restaurants and various other shops and services, as well as the largest church in the thousand islands (sacred heart of mary church) and a beautiful limestone town hall.	the town of marysville includes a bakery, restaurants and various other shops and services, as well as the largest church in the thousand islands (sacred heart of mary church) and a limestone town hall.
christian apologists point out that if in fact the writer of isaiah intended to borrow the idea of a virgin birth from an older pagan tradition, we might expect to find isaiah using more explicit language to indicate that a virgin was meant.	christian writers point out that if in fact the writer of isaiah intended to borrow the idea of a virgin birth from an older pagan tradition, we might expect to find isaiah using more explicit language to indicate that a virgin was meant.
the adoption of the metric system in france was slow, but its desirability as an international system was recognised by geodesists and others.	the adoption of the metric system in france was slow, but its desirability as an international system was advocated by geodesists and others.
after 2001, the government of vladimir putin intensified russia's involvement in the region, supporting iran in its nuclear ambitions and forgiving syria 73% of its $13 billion debt.	after 2001, the government of vladimir putin intensified russia's involvement in the region, supporting iran in its nuclear programs and forgiving syria 73% of its $13 billion debt.
on november 26, 2008 the iaea board of governors approved technical aid for syria despite unproven western allegations that the country had a secret atomic program that could eventually be used to make weapons.	on november 26, 2008 the iaea board of governors approved technical aid for syria despite western allegations that the country had a secret atomic program that could eventually be used to make weapons.
"later, kaczmarek would credit the show for bringing out her comedic side, claiming , ""before malcolm i couldn't even get auditions for comedies."	"later, kaczmarek would credit the show for bringing out her comedic side, saying , ""before malcolm i couldn't even get auditions for comedies."
minus the bear, an amazing indie rock band.	minus the bear, an indie rock band.
it was written by acclaimed animation writer jeffrey scott.	it was written by animation writer jeffrey scott.
"it is argued that contemporary global civilization is beginning to undergo another transition, beyond the dependence on oil (see ""peak oil"") once again towards sustainable or renewable technologies not dependent upon parasitic dependence upon fossil fuels."	"it is argued that contemporary global civilization is beginning to undergo another transition, beyond the dependence on oil (see ""peak oil"") once again towards sustainable or renewable technologies not dependent upon dependence upon fossil fuels."
the moon is made of green cheese compare	the moon is made of green cheese
"the lvmi has a paleolibertarian persuasion, emphasizes economic philosophers such as adam smith and the austrian economists, espouses a southern jeffersonian ideology, and has been called ""neo-confederate"" by the leftist southern poverty law center."	"the lvmi has a paleolibertarian persuasion, emphasizes economic philosophers such as adam smith and the austrian economists, espouses a southern jeffersonian ideology, and has been called ""neo-confederate"" by the southern poverty law center."
nevertheless the safaitic personal name yaur is cognate to the biblical name jetur (yeur, ) and is possibly derived from it.	nevertheless the safaitic personal name yaur appears to be cognate to the biblical name jetur (yeur, ) and is possibly derived from it.
the venetian resort hotel casino is a five-diamond luxury hotel and casino resort located on the las vegas strip in paradise, nevada, united states, on the site of the old sands hotel.	the venetian resort hotel casino is a luxury hotel and casino resort located on the las vegas strip in paradise, nevada, united states, on the site of the old sands hotel.
an intriguing example of the use of the genre is the short poem robene and makyne which also contains the conflicted emotions often present in the genre.	an example of the use of the genre is the short poem robene and makyne which also contains the conflicted emotions often present in the genre.
indian sources claim that there were no chinese troops in the area in 1952	indian sources state that there were no chinese troops in the area in 1952
dr. omowunmi sadik - author, inventor, and world-renowned chemist.	dr. omowunmi sadik - author, inventor, and chemist.
"so little is known or even guessed of his actual life, that a common joke has it that the poems ""were not written by homer, but by another man of the same name,"" and the classical scholar richmond lattimore, author of a good poetic translation to english of both epics, once wrote a paper entitled ""homer: who was she?"""	"so little is known or even guessed of his actual life, that a common joke has it that the poems ""were not written by homer, but by another man of the same name,"" and the classical scholar richmond lattimore, author of a poetic translation to english of both epics, once wrote a paper entitled ""homer: who was she?"""
in april 1991, a group of hamas terrorists penetrated the defences of the kibbutz and killed one member who was working in the orchard, and wounded three others.	in april 1991, a group of hamas militants penetrated the defences of the kibbutz and killed one member who was working in the orchard, and wounded three others.
"the death of gaddafi is predicted to have many regional implications in the middle east, as part of the ""arab spring"" revolts and uprisings."	"the assassination of gaddafi is predicted to have many regional implications in the middle east, as part of the ""arab spring"" revolts and uprisings."
trayvon martin (february 5, 1995 february 26, 2012) was an unarmed african american teenager who was shot and killed by george zimmerman, a multiracial hispanic man, in sanford, florida.	trayvon martin (february 5, 1995 february 26, 2012) was an african american teenager who was shot and killed by george zimmerman, a multiracial hispanic man, in sanford, florida.
he resigned as governor in 1997 to focus on his nomination by president bill clinton to serve as united states ambassador to mexico, but because of opposition by the stridently social conservative senate foreign relations committee chairman jesse helms, he was denied a hearing before the foreign relations committee and withdrew his nomination.	he resigned as governor in 1997 to focus on his nomination by president bill clinton to serve as united states ambassador to mexico, but because of opposition by the social conservative senate foreign relations committee chairman jesse helms, he was denied a hearing before the foreign relations committee and withdrew his nomination.
realclearpolitics is a conservative-leaning chicago-based political news aggregator, polling data aggregator, and blog.	realclearpolitics is a nonpartisan chicago-based political news aggregator, polling data aggregator, and blog.
the 111 cannons liberated from the british ruins at crown point, so early after the outbreak of the war for american independence, soon proved valuable in driving the british out of boston harbor.	the 111 cannons captured from the british ruins at crown point, so early after the outbreak of the war for american independence , soon proved valuable in driving the british out of boston harbor.
since 1970, a group of native americans and others have held a controversial national day of mourning protest on thanksgiving at plymouth rock in plymouth, massachusetts.	since 1970, a group of native americans and others have held a national day of mourning protest on thanksgiving at plymouth rock in plymouth, massachusetts.
"dirk nicolaas ""dick"" advocaat (; born 27 september 1947) is a retarded dutch football manager and former player."	"dirk nicolaas ""dick"" advocaat (; born 27 september 1947) is a dutch football manager and former player."
abercrombie & fitch has been attacked for its apparent discriminatory emphasis on its stores.	abercrombie & fitch has been attacked for its discriminatory emphasis on its stores.
some of the leading players in the early years included left winger dave cook who was tragically killed in a road crash, centre-half robbo robinson and inside forward frank blower.	some of the leading players in the early years included left winger dave cook who was killed in a road crash, centre-half robbo robinson and inside forward frank blower.
criticism of pascal's advocacy generally centers around his personal conduct, which some perceive as unprofessional and overly aggressive.	criticism of pascal's advocacy often centers around his personal conduct, which some perceive as unprofessional and overly aggressive.
byck began to harbor the arguable belief that the government was conspiring to oppress the poor.	byck began to harbor the belief that the government was conspiring to oppress the poor.
"but true consent must be unambiguous and this ""consent"" is far from thatpeople might simply do those things as a pragmatic choice, not because they truly consent to the country's laws."	"the book argues that true consent must be unambiguous and this ""consent"" is far from thatpeople might simply do those things as a pragmatic choice, not because they truly consent to the country's laws."
this is the discography of pop star , gwen stefani.	this is the discography of pop singer , gwen stefani.
however, jefferson's encumbered debt from an agricultural depression legally prevented him from freeing the remaining slaves who were later auctioned locally by his surviving family to pay his creditors and avoid their confiscation by virginia debt law.	however, jefferson's encumbered debt from an agricultural depression financially prevented him from freeing the remaining slaves who were later auctioned locally by his surviving family to pay his creditors and avoid their confiscation by virginia debt law.
cullen davis was tried and found innocent for the murder of andrea wilborn, his stepdaughter.	cullen davis was tried and found not guilty for the murder of andrea wilborn, his stepdaughter.
the network specializes in reader-friendly coverage of timely news stories, with an emphasis on providing opinionated analysis via varied content formats and extensive multimedia programming.	the network specializes in reader-friendly coverage of timely news stories, with an emphasis on providing opinion-oriented analysis via varied content formats and extensive multimedia programming.
among the civilian deaths were those of kamal zgheir, a fifty-seven-year-old wheelchair- bound man who was shot and run over by a tank on a major road outside the camp on april 10, even though he had a white flag attached to his wheelchair; fifty-eight year old mariam wishahi, killed by a missile in her home on april 6 just hours after her unarmed son was shot in the street; jamal fayid, a thirty-seven-year old paralyzed man who was crushed in the rubble of his home on april 7 despite his family's pleas to be allowed to remove him; and fourteen-year-old faris zaiban, who was killed by fire from an idf armored car as he went to buy groceries when the idf-imposed curfew was temporarily lifted on april 11 human rights watch stated that at least 52 palestinians were killed, at least 27 of which were suspected to have been armed palestinians belonging to resistance movements.	among the civilian deaths were those of kamal zgheir, a fifty-seven-year-old wheelchair- using man who was shot and run over by a tank on a major road outside the camp on april 10, even though he had a white flag attached to his wheelchair; fifty-eight year old mariam wishahi, killed by a missile in her home on april 6 just hours after her unarmed son was shot in the street; jamal fayid, a thirty-seven-year old paralyzed man who was crushed in the rubble of his home on april 7 despite his family's pleas to be allowed to remove him; and fourteen-year-old faris zaiban, who was killed by fire from an idf armored car as he went to buy groceries when the idf-imposed curfew was temporarily lifted on april 11 human rights watch stated that at least 52 palestinians were killed, at least 27 of which were suspected to have been armed palestinians belonging to resistance movements.
attack of the 50 foot woman is a 1958 american low-budget science fiction feature film produced by bernard woolner for allied artists pictures.	attack of the 50 foot woman is a 1958 american science fiction feature film produced by bernard woolner for allied artists pictures.
wilfred won a 15 round unanimous decision, becoming the youngest boxing world champion in history, at the tender age of 17.	wilfred won a 15 round unanimous decision, becoming the youngest boxing world champion in history, at the age of 17.
"wowser was frequently used by artist and author norman lindsay, who fought many celebrated battles with ""wowsers"" over the sexual content in his art and writing."	"wowser was frequently used by artist and author norman lindsay, who fought many battles with ""wowsers"" over the sexual content in his art and writing."
free press blog save the internet subsequently featured it, leading the video to ratchet 500,000 views.	free press blog save the internet subsequently featured it, leading the video to gain 500,000 views.
gunnarsson scored his first goal for coventry on 14 february 2009, in an fa cup match against blackburn rovers with a stunning volley from just outside the penalty area.	gunnarsson scored his first goal for coventry on 14 february 2009, in an fa cup match against blackburn rovers with a volley from just outside the penalty area.
the free city included the city of danzig and other nearby towns, villages, and settlements that had been primarily occupied by ethnic germans.	the free city included the city of danzig and other nearby towns, villages, and settlements that had been primarily inhabited by ethnic germans.
soy sauce made from black beans is generally more expensive because it takes longer to make, but it is said to have higher nutrition value and aromatic flavour.	soy sauce made from black beans is generally more expensive because it takes longer to make, but it is claimed to have higher nutrition value and aromatic flavour.
teachout has called for jobs and higher wages for the hudson valley, property tax cuts, increased investment in public infrastructure, a ban on fracking, and an end to common core and high-stakes testing.	teachout has called for jobs and higher wages for the hudson valley, property tax cuts, increased investment in rural infrastructure, a ban on fracking, and an end to common core and high-stakes testing.
steve is now a motivational speaker with experience of working with corporate and sporting organisations, in particular premier league football.	smith is now a motivational speaker with experience of working with corporate and sporting organisations, in particular premier league football.
along with several other noteworthy aircraft on temporary display at davis monthan afb after wwii, the last surviving dominator, b-32-1-cf #42-108474 was inexplicably written off and destroyed in 1949.	along with several other noteworthy aircraft on temporary display at davis monthan afb after wwii, the last surviving dominator, b-32-1-cf #42-108474 was written off and destroyed in 1949.
the pira's terrorist campaign against the those whom it saw as standing in the way of its desired aims (which included the royal ulster constabulary, the british army, the unionist community and on occasion the police and army in the republic of ireland) played a central role in the troubles in northern ireland.	the pira's guerilla campaign against the those whom it saw as standing in the way of its desired aims (which included the royal ulster constabulary, the british army, the unionist community and on occasion the police and army in the republic of ireland) played a central role in the troubles in northern ireland.
six-year-old vanya solntsev lives in a desolate dickensian rural russian orphanage run by an alcoholic headmaster, and when an italian couple wanting to adopt a child select him, the other children, especially his good friend anton, envy his good fortune and nickname him the italian.	six-year-old vanya solntsev lives in a desolate , rundown rural russian orphanage run by an alcoholic headmaster, and when an italian couple wanting to adopt a child select him, the other children, especially his good friend anton, envy his good fortune and nickname him the italian.
his view of slavery was that there was nothing inherently sinful about slave-holding and that the practice, in and of itself, was never condemned in scripture as being an abomination to god or harmful to mankind .	his view of slavery was that there was nothing inherently sinful about slave-holding and that the practice, in and of itself, was never condemned in scripture as being an abomination to god or harmful to humankind .
the other members of the grid, including harry, understandably call his loyalty into question.	the other members of the grid, including harry, call his loyalty into question.
"fox news' controversial ""fair & balanced"" slogan."	"fox news' ""fair & balanced"" slogan."
avid fans traveling to both well-known and obscure locations related to lord of the rings are warmly referred to as tolkien tourists.	avid fans traveling to both well-known and obscure locations related to lord of the rings are referred to as tolkien tourists.
"while getting her hands wet ""behind the scenes"", she has also received a number of modeling and commercial assignments, and has graced the cover of over 300 magazines."	"while getting her hands wet ""behind the scenes"", she has also received a number of modeling and commercial assignments, and has appeared on the cover of over 300 magazines."
bupa is a healthcare organisation with bases on four continents and more than eight million satsified customers in under 192 countries.	bupa is a healthcare organisation with bases on four continents and more than eight million customers in under 192 countries.
juan r. i. cole is author of the award-winning weblog informed comment, which covers the u.s.-led occupation of iraq and other developments in the middle east.	juan r. i. cole is author of the weblog informed comment, which covers the u.s.-led occupation of iraq and other developments in the middle east.
his best-known performance was as joh fredersen in fritz lang's 1927 masterpiece film, metropolis.	his best-known performance was as joh fredersen in fritz lang's 1927 film, metropolis.
"the liberal party of canada (french: parti libral du canada), colloquially known as the grits (originally ""clear grits""), is a canadian federal political party positioned around the centre of the political spectrum, combining a generally progressive social policy with conservative economics."	"the liberal party of canada (french: parti libral du canada), colloquially known as the grits (originally ""clear grits""), is a canadian federal political party positioned around the centre of the political spectrum, combining a generally progressive social policy with moderate economics."
she was a puritan whose religious ideas were at odds with the established puritan clergy in the boston area, and her popularity and charisma created a schism in the boston church which threatened to destroy the puritan's holy experiment in new england.	she was a puritan whose religious ideas were at odds with the established puritan clergy in the boston area, and her popularity and charisma created a schism in the boston church which threatened to destroy the puritan's experiment in new england.
the game is notable for having its final level drastically changed after the september 11 attacks.	the game is known for having its final level drastically changed after the september 11 attacks.
most recently, new hampshire secretary of state william m. gardner, directly and actively supported by cavo, utilized open source software and cots hardware during the 2014 state primary and general election, with great success, particularly in regards to improved accessibility for voters with disabilities.	most recently, new hampshire secretary of state william m. gardner, directly and actively supported by cavo, utilized open source software and cots hardware during the 2014 state primary and general election, reporting great success, particularly in regards to improved accessibility for voters with disabilities.
in 1846 pollution from these satanic mills prompted moscow governor aleksey shcherbatov to survey the banks of the yauza and enforce administrative action against the offenders.	in 1846 pollution from these mills prompted moscow governor aleksey shcherbatov to survey the banks of the yauza and enforce administrative action against the offenders.
schiller is noted as a prolific author of chess books, having written over 100, more than anyone else except fred reinfeld, raymond keene, and the late eduard gufeld.	schiller is known as a prolific author of chess books, having written over 100, more than anyone else except fred reinfeld, raymond keene, and the late eduard gufeld.
"lionel harding mentions 'the fiasco at easter', a clear reference to ""planet of the dead"", where lady christina steals the cup of king afulstan."	"lionel harding mentions 'the fiasco at easter', a reference to ""planet of the dead"", where lady christina steals the cup of king afulstan."
paice, ashton and lord (pal), was a rhythm and blues, funky-soul, rock band founded after the break-up of the british superband deep purple (dp) in 1977. ian paice and jon lord, dps drummer and keyboardist, joined friend tony ashton, a legendary british keyboardist and singer, for this project.	paice, ashton and lord (pal), was a rhythm and blues, funky-soul, rock band founded after the break-up of the british superband deep purple (dp) in 1977. ian paice and jon lord, dps drummer and keyboardist, joined friend tony ashton, a british keyboardist and singer, for this project.
haas is known for his friendly relations with and his support for the conservative priestly fraternity of st. peter.	haas is known for his friendly relations with and his support for the priestly fraternity of st. peter.
the musical chicago is based on a play of the same name by reporter maurine dallas watkins, who was assigned to cover the 1924 trials of murderesses beulah annan and belva gaertner for the chicago tribune.	the musical chicago is based on a play of the same name by reporter maurine dallas watkins, who was assigned to cover the 1924 trials of accused murderers beulah annan and belva gaertner for the chicago tribune.
gnu/ linux distributions include the linux kernel, supporting utilities and libraries, and usually a large amount of application software to fulfill the distribution's intended use.	linux distributions include the linux kernel, supporting utilities and libraries, and usually a large amount of application software to fulfill the distribution's intended use.
in april 2012 the australian council of trade unions overwhelmingly voted to suspend the membership of the hsu on the basis of corruption.	in april 2012 the australian council of trade unions voted to suspend the membership of the hsu on the basis of corruption.
roshumba williams (born august 1, 1968 in chicago, illinois, usa) is an african-american supermodel .	roshumba williams (born august 1, 1968 in chicago, illinois, usa) is an african-american model .
despite bashar al-assad's attempts to pacify the protests with massive crackdown and use of censorship on one hand and concessions on the other, by the end of april, it became clear the situation was getting out of his control and the syrian government deployed numerous troops on the ground.	despite bashar al-assad's attempts to stop the protests with massive crackdown and use of censorship on one hand and concessions on the other, by the end of april, it became clear the situation was getting out of his control and the syrian government deployed numerous troops on the ground.
the predominantly armenian region was incorporated by the soviet union as the nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast (nkao) in the azerbaijan ssr in 1923. on december 10 1991, as the soviet union was collapsing, a referendum held in the nkao and the neighboring district of shahumian resulted in a declaration of independence from azerbaijan as the nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr), though it exists in a de facto status only, as it remains unrecognized by any international organization or country, including armenia; the region is recognized as a de jure part of azerbaijan.	the predominantly armenian region was established by the soviet union as the nagorno-karabakh autonomous oblast (nkao) in the azerbaijan ssr in 1923. on december 10 1991, as the soviet union was collapsing, a referendum held in the nkao and the neighboring district of shahumian resulted in a declaration of independence from azerbaijan as the nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr), though it exists in a de facto status only, as it remains unrecognized by any international organization or country, including armenia; the region is recognized as a de jure part of azerbaijan.
narsinghgarh is a very beautiful city for the purpose of tourism.	narsinghgarh is a beautiful city for the purpose of tourism.
a libertarian and contractarian, narveson's form of right- libertarianism is deeply influenced by that of robert nozick and david gauthier.	a libertarian and contractarian, narveson's form of libertarianism is deeply influenced by that of robert nozick and david gauthier.
city hall of buffalo, new york, an art-deco masterpiece .	city hall of buffalo, new york, an art-deco building .
the virgin is the fiftieth episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the virgin is the fiftieth episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
noriega was in paris at the time the murder took place, probably at the direction of his chiriqui province commander, luis cordoba.	noriega was in paris at the time the murder took place, alleged by some to have been at the direction of his chiriqui province commander, luis cordoba.
following the fringe staging, toronto commercial theatre owner and producer david mirvish financed an expanded production at toronto's 160-seat, non-profit theatre passe muraille in 1999. box office success and favourable notices from critics at passe muraille led mirvish to finance further development of the script and produce a mainstage version at toronto's 1000-seat winter garden theare, as part of a subscription season, in 2001. near the end of that engagement (july 28, 2001), paul mack invited producer roy miller, of the paper mill playhouse, a leading u.s. regional theatre, to see the musical and discuss a transfer to the paper mill.	following the fringe staging, toronto commercial theatre owner and producer david mirvish financed an expanded production at toronto's 160-seat, non-profit theatre passe muraille in 1999. box office success and favourable notices from critics at passe muraille led mirvish to finance further development of the script and produce a mainstage version at toronto's 1000-seat winter garden theare, as part of a subscription season, in 2001. near the end of that engagement (july 28, 2001), paul mack invited producer roy miller, of the paper mill playhouse, a u.s. regional theatre, to see the musical and discuss a transfer to the paper mill.
sandi toksvig (born 1958), danish-born english comedienne , author and presenter on radio and television	sandi toksvig (born 1958), danish-born english comedian , author and presenter on radio and television
cardiff (welsh: caerdydd) is the largest city in the principality of wales.	cardiff (welsh: caerdydd) is the largest city in the region of wales.
toy story - license plate number on andy's mom 's minivan	toy story - license plate number on andy's mother 's minivan
the stiff-arm fend (known as a hand off in rugby league and rugby union and sometimes as a don't argue in australia or simply a stiff arm in american football) is a tactic employed by the ball-carrier in many forms of contact football.	the stiff-arm fend (known as a hand off in rugby league and rugby union and sometimes as a don't argue in australia or a stiff arm in american football) is a tactic employed by the ball-carrier in many forms of contact football.
fratricides in fiction	fratricides in literature
despite his career success, he has been unfairly dogged by media attention over allegations of child sexual abuse, which resulted in a trial and acquittal in 2005.	despite his career success, he has been dogged by media attention over allegations of child sexual abuse, which resulted in a trial and acquittal in 2005.
the non-canon lost era novel the sundered depicts a uss excelsior mission under sulu's command.	the lost era novel the sundered depicts a uss excelsior mission under sulu's command.
the rechtsstaat doctrine (legal state, state of right, constitutional state, constitutional government) was first introduced by the great german philosopher immanuel kant in his latest works completed after the u.s. and french constitutions had been adopted in the late 18th century.	the rechtsstaat doctrine (legal state, state of right, constitutional state, constitutional government) was first introduced by the german philosopher immanuel kant in his latest works completed after the u.s. and french constitutions had been adopted in the late 18th century.
is an extreme hindu nationalist website that promotes the unity amongst hindus globally barring language and caste.	is an hindu nationalist website that promotes the unity amongst hindus globally barring language and caste.
depending on the game and its viewpoint, kain has been either the central protagonist, or an antagonist, but in all his depictions he is an anti- villain , interested only in his own goals.	depending on the game and its viewpoint, kain has been either the central protagonist, or an antagonist, but in all his depictions he is an anti- hero , interested only in his own goals.
following his decisive military victories, gen. san martn was forced into exile in 1824 for political reasons; but a reappraisal of his place in history led to his becoming nearly eponymous in argentina after his passing in 1850. accordingly, french sculptor louis-joseph daumas was commissioned in 1862 to create an equestrian statue of the hero of the wars for independence and the square was renamed in his honor in 1878, upon the hundredth anniversary of his birth.	following his decisive military victories, gen. san martn was forced into exile in 1824 for political reasons; but a reappraisal of his place in history led to his becoming nearly eponymous in argentina after his death in 1850. accordingly, french sculptor louis-joseph daumas was commissioned in 1862 to create an equestrian statue of the hero of the wars for independence and the square was renamed in his honor in 1878, upon the hundredth anniversary of his birth.
as a result, when sir francis drake put in at roanoke after destroying the spanish colony of st. augustine, the entire population of the colony returned with drake to england.	as a result, when sir francis drake put in at roanoke after attacking the spanish colony of st. augustine, the entire population of the colony returned with drake to england.
of ignoring the input of global warming skeptic groups such as the cato institute and the oil-industry-funded competitive enterprise institute in forming their environmental policy.	of ignoring the input of global warming skeptic groups such as the cato institute and the competitive enterprise institute in forming their environmental policy.
around 950 long-finned pilot whales (globicephala melaena, actually a species of dolphin) are slain each year, mainly during the summer.	around 950 long-finned pilot whales (globicephala melaena, actually a species of dolphin) are hunted each year, mainly during the summer.
"she and the church have received widespread media coverage and justified criticism on news outlets such as the bbc and fox news for the group's aggressive preaching and controversial campaigns such as the picketing the funerals of aids victims with signs such as ""god hates fags"" and funeral processions for american soldiers killed in combat."	"she and the church have received widespread media coverage and criticism on news outlets such as the bbc and fox news for the group's aggressive preaching and controversial campaigns such as the picketing the funerals of aids victims with signs such as ""god hates fags"" and funeral processions for american soldiers killed in combat."
chaldean christians (neo-aramaic: keldaya ) are adherents of the chaldean catholic church,	chaldean christians (neo-aramaic: keldayee ) are adherents of the chaldean catholic church,
"the term ""japhetic"" was also applied by william jones and other pre-darwinian linguists to what later became known as the indo-european language group."	"the term ""japhetic"" was also applied by william jones and other early linguists to what later became known as the indo-european language group."
183 women and children are rescued from the yfz ranch compound linked to polygamist warren jeffs.	183 women and children are taken into protective custody from the yfz ranch compound linked to polygamist warren jeffs.
of course, this way you won't get all linux users counted as not every linux user will register himself at the linux counter site .	of course, this way you won't get all linux users counted as not every linux user will register themselves at the linux counter site .
the local people traditionally follow donyi-polo, although a sizeable minority have embraced christianity.	the local people traditionally follow donyi-polo, although a sizeable minority have been converted to christianity.
here to hear is the fifteenth album by legendary rock band wishbone ash.	here to hear is the fifteenth album by rock band wishbone ash.
september 29 stephanie miller, comedienne and radio talk show host (the stephanie miller show)	september 29 stephanie miller, comedian and radio talk show host (the stephanie miller show)
dead white males or dead white european males (dwem) is a racist term that refers to a purportedly disproportionate academic focus on contributions to historical and contemporary western civilization made by european males.	dead white males or dead white european males (dwem) is a term that refers to a purportedly disproportionate academic focus on contributions to historical and contemporary western civilization made by european males.
lakhdar brahimi (algerian pronunciation: ; ; born 1 january 1934) is an algerian united nations envoy and advisor, and since august 2012, the united nations peace envoy to syria.	lakhdar brahimi (algerian pronunciation: ; ; born 1 january 1934) is an algerian united nations envoy and advisor, and since august 2012, the united nations and arab league special envoy to syria.
it also has a clean formulation in terms of category theory, although this is in yet more abstract terms.	it also has a formulation in terms of category theory, although this is in yet more abstract terms.
the support base of the greens has generally consisted of those who have become dissolusioned with the main parties, particularly the rightward drift of the australian labor party and its abandonment of its traditional social democratic and environmental principles in abracenent of neoliberal ideology.	the support base of the greens has generally consisted of those who have become dissolusioned with the main parties, particularly their perceived rightward drift of the australian labor party and its abandonment of its traditional social democratic and environmental principles in abracenent of neoliberal ideology.
in march, origi stated that he snubbed rivals manchester united at the age of 15, in favour of a move to lille, before making a move to liverpool at the age of 19.	in march, origi stated that he opted not to join rivals manchester united at the age of 15, in favour of a move to lille, before making a move to liverpool at the age of 19.
"the outcome of the polish-soviet war, while welcomed by some polish politicians such as the national democrat leader roman dmowski who favored a relatively small, ethnically homogeneous state was a death blow to pisudski's dream of reviving the powerful multicultural polish-lithuanian commonwealth in the form of a ""midzymorze federation."""	"the outcome of the polish-soviet war, while welcomed by some polish politicians such as the national democrat leader roman dmowski who favored a relatively small, ethnically homogeneous state was a death blow to pisudski's dream of reviving the multicultural polish-lithuanian commonwealth in the form of a ""midzymorze federation."""
"andrew ""andy"" o'brien is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by the late ross davidson."	"andrew ""andy"" o'brien is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by the late ross davidson."
the hunger project is a global non-profit organization committed to the sustainable end of world hunger.	the hunger project describes itself as a global non-profit organization committed to the sustainable end of world hunger.
marc lpine is buried in the cimetire notre-dame-des-neiges in montreal, just a few blocks from where he committed the massacre .	marc lpine is buried in the cimetire notre-dame-des-neiges in montreal, just a few blocks from where he committed the counter attack on feminists .
clifford m. will argued that whitehead's theory features a prior geometry, but this is mistaken , since it contradicts whitehead's philosophy of nature.	clifford m. will argued that whitehead's theory features a prior geometry, but this is disputed by dean r. fowler , since it contradicts whitehead's philosophy of nature.
dagbladet (english:the daily paper) was an influential american daily newspaper published in the norwegian language in chicago from 1889-1891.	dagbladet (english:the daily paper) was an american daily newspaper published in the norwegian language in chicago from 1889-1891.
these include scruggs style, named after earl scruggs; melodic, or keith style; and three-finger style with single string work, also called reno style after don reno, legendary father of don wayne reno.	these include scruggs style, named after earl scruggs; melodic, or keith style; and three-finger style with single string work, also called reno style after don reno, father of don wayne reno.
this was the last conflict so far in which two belligerents employed aircraft carriers, although argentina made little use of its sole carrier, originally built in the united kingdom.	this was the last conflict so far in which opposing belligerents employed aircraft carriers, although argentina made little use of its sole carrier, originally built in the united kingdom.
valliant, at one time a student of rothbard, reports rothbard once admitted that his critique of rand was exaggerated.	valliant, at one time a student of rothbard, claims rothbard once admitted that his critique of rand was exaggerated.
flavourings can be either natural or artificial, and they are added to virtually every foodstuff made in a factory.	flavourings can be either natural or artificial, and they are added to virtually many foodstuff made in a factory.
on 15 april 1654 an ottoman force from herzegovina under the leadership of mehmed-pasa rizvanbegovi assaulted perast; andrija's brother krsto heroically defended the city.	on 15 april 1654 an ottoman force from herzegovina under the leadership of mehmed-pasa rizvanbegovi assaulted perast; andrija's brother krsto defended the city.
his dense, claustrophobic sounds are strongly influenced by public enemy's production team, the bomb squad, as well as innovators like art of noise and nine inch nails.	his dense, claustrophobic sounds are strongly influenced by public enemy's production team, the bomb squad, as well as other electronic artists like art of noise and nine inch nails.
on january 18th, 2016, mesa police department officer philip brailsford, age 26, killed 26-year-old daniel shaver of granbury, texas.	on january 18th, 2016, mesa police department officer philip brailsford, age 26, shot 26-year-old daniel shaver of granbury, texas.
the university's grievance procedures typically provide responses to such allegations if they are brought forth within two years of the event's occurrence; wolf chose not to do this, supposedly because of her fear of reprisals and her sense that the grievance process was ineffective.	the university's grievance procedures typically provide responses to such allegations if they are brought forth within two years of the event's occurrence; wolf chose not to do this, allegedly because of her fear of reprisals and her sense that the grievance process was ineffective.
the tonal marking of navajo is especially elegant , as only a single diacritic is needed to mark high, low, rising and falling tones.	the tonal marking of navajo is especially simple , as only a single diacritic is needed to mark high, low, rising and falling tones.
"in spring 2008 she was invited to exhibit at the famous strawberry hill house in london, home of horace walpole, who wrote the first gothic novel ""castle of otranto""."	"in spring 2008 she was invited to exhibit at the strawberry hill house in london, home of horace walpole, who wrote the first gothic novel ""castle of otranto""."
27 november: he was charged with two counts of criminal damage after it was said that he had snatched the ignition keys from the cars of photographers pursuing his brother isaac ferry and his brother's actress friend sienna miller outside a nightclub after a bafta after-show party.	27 november: he was charged with two counts of criminal damage after it was said that he had snatched the ignition keys from the cars of photographers following his brother isaac ferry and his brother's actress friend sienna miller outside a nightclub after a bafta after-show party.
in late 1842, bennett wrote a scathing expos of joseph smith, entitled history of the saints, accusing smith and his church of crimes such as treason, conspiracy to commit murder, prostitution, and adultery.	in late 1842, bennett wrote a expos of joseph smith, entitled history of the saints, accusing smith and his church of crimes such as treason, conspiracy to commit murder, prostitution, and adultery.
colonel sir william walter mahon, 7th baronet, (born 4 december 1940) is an anglo-irish baronet and retired regular officer of the british army.	colonel sir william walter mahon, 7th baronet, (born 4 december 1940) is an baronet and retired regular officer of the british army.
to put an article in a category, place a link like category: communism anywhere in the article.	to put an article in a category, place a link like category: example anywhere in the article.
"jamaat ul-fuqra (alternatively jamaat al-fuqra) (arabic: , ""community of the impoverished"") is a paramilitary organization of mostly african-american muslims based in pakistan and the united states."	"jamaat ul-fuqra (alternatively jamaat al-fuqra) (arabic: , ""community of the impoverished"") is a terrorist organization of mostly african-american muslims based in pakistan and the united states."
while reviled by many england national team supporters, neville is a cult figure among the manchester united support, who see neville (a life long united fan) as one of their own.	while reviled by many england national team supporters, neville is a popular figure among the manchester united support, who see neville (a life long united fan) as one of their own.
by 1900, both steinway factories produced more than 3500 pianos a year, finding their place in many prestigious concert halls, schools, and private homes across the world.	by 1900, both steinway factories produced more than 3500 pianos a year, finding their place in many concert halls, schools, and private homes across the world.
hardcore legends black flag have claimed black sabbath as one of their major influences.	hardcore band black flag have claimed black sabbath as one of their major influences.
roy emerson, the fine australian player who won 12 major titles during the 1960s as an amateur when most of the best players in the world were professionals, turned pro in early 1968 at the age of 31, having won the french championships the year before.	roy emerson, the australian player who won 12 major titles during the 1960s as an amateur when most of the best players in the world were professionals, turned pro in early 1968 at the age of 31, having won the french championships the year before.
frozen custard, when made in a proper continuous freezer will have an overrun of 1530% depending on the machine manufacturer (an overrun percentage similar to gelato).	frozen custard, when made in a continuous freezer will have an overrun of 1530% depending on the machine manufacturer (an overrun percentage similar to gelato).
cindy sheehan -- anti-war psycho	cindy sheehan -- anti-war person
however, insufficient post-war planning and strategy by bush and his advisors to rebuild those nations were costly errors .	however, insufficient post-war planning and strategy by bush and his advisors to rebuild those nations were costly.
the famous album cover was designed by us artist drew struzan.	the album cover was designed by us artist drew struzan.
roy smashed the existing world record to breathe 501 fireballs in just 28 minutes.	roy broke the existing world record to breathe 501 fireballs in just 28 minutes.
good technical page on digital satellite signals	technical page on digital satellite signals
the romance between the comedienne joan mason and jack evans of boston is easily disturbed by jack's cynical sister, clara belle evans, who is against their relationship.	the romance between the comedian joan mason and jack evans of boston is easily disturbed by jack's cynical sister, clara belle evans, who is against their relationship.
many other christians, such as protestants, were martyred in china during this period, but there is no formal veneration or a universally recognized list.	"many other christians, such as protestants, were killed and considered ""martyrs"" in china during this period, but there is no formal veneration or a universally recognized list."
the phrase derives from the november 1978 jonestown massacre, where members of the peoples temple, who were followers of the pro-communist cult leader reverend jim jones, committed suicide by drinking a mixture of a powdered soft drink flavoring agent laced with cyanide.	the phrase derives from the november 1978 jonestown massacre, where members of the peoples temple, who were followers of the cult leader reverend jim jones, committed suicide by drinking a mixture of a powdered soft drink flavoring agent laced with cyanide.
with the repeal of the glass-steagall act in 1999, financial firms were finally able to provide all three of the above services from the same offices.	with the repeal of the glass-steagall act in 1999, financial firms were able to provide all three of the above services from the same offices.
in the war of the austrian succession most of silesia was conquered by prussia; but the dukes, later princes, of pless would remain owners of the soil, and lords of the inhabitants, of pless; they maintained a herd of wisent, given to them by alexander ii of russia in 1864, but it was reduced to three survivors during the first world war.	in the war of the austrian succession most of silesia was conquered by prussia; but the dukes, later princes, of the duchy would remain owners of the soil, and lords of the inhabitants, of pless; they maintained a herd of wisent, given to them by alexander ii of russia in 1864, but it was reduced to three survivors during the first world war.
development and implementation started with the mach microkernel, and has since shifted its focus to the gnu/ linux operating system.	development and implementation started with the mach microkernel, and has since shifted its focus to the linux operating system.
... that the germanic bodyguard were the roman emperor's personal guards recruited from distant parts of the empire, so they had no political or personal connexions with rome or the provinces?	... that the germanic bodyguard were the roman emperor's personal guards recruited from distant parts of the empire, so they had no political or personal connections with rome or the provinces?
clinical trials have demonstrated emdr's efficacy in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).	clinical trials have been conducted to assess emdr's efficacy in the treatment of post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd).
"omorashi (japanese: , ""to wet oneself"") is a fetish subculture recognized predominantly in japan, in which participants experience arousal from having a full bladder or a sexual attraction to someone else experiencing the discomfort of a full bladder."	"omorashi (japanese: , ""to wet oneself"") is a fetish subculture recognized predominantly in japan, in which participants experience arousal from having a full bladder or a sexual attraction to someone else experiencing the feeling of a full bladder."
although a big hit, the film was supposedly based on the real life of comedienne fanny brice, and brice sued fox for stealing her story.	although a big hit, the film was supposedly based on the real life of comedian fanny brice, and brice sued fox for stealing her story.
the end poverty in california movement (epic) was a political campaign started in 1934 by famed socialist writer upton sinclair (best known as author of the jungle).	the end poverty in california movement (epic) was a political campaign started in 1934 by socialist writer upton sinclair (best known as author of the jungle).
"thomas bailey  will's father, a former supreme allied commander europe who president bartlet admiringly describes as ""the very model of a modern major general""."	"thomas bailey  will's father, a former supreme allied commander europe who president bartlet describes as ""the very model of a modern major general""."
humancanine bonding is the bond between dogs and people.	humancanine bonding is the relationship between dogs and people.
it also occurs also in madagascar, and some mediterranean regions such as sicily and palestine .	it also occurs also in madagascar, and some mediterranean regions such as sicily and the levant .
the suicides were used as the basis for a play, deep cut, premiered at the edinburgh festival followed by a short run at the tricycle theatre in london.	the deaths were used as the basis for a play, deep cut, premiered at the edinburgh festival followed by a short run at the tricycle theatre in london.
the offer of the french colony of tunisia was deemed unsatisfactory.	the offer of the french protectorate of tunisia of tunisia was deemed unsatisfactory.
spiritism is a christian philosophical doctrine, established in france in the mid-nineteenth century.	spiritism is a philosophical doctrine, established in france in the mid-nineteenth century.
critics such as fair and media matters for america have asserted that fox news reporting contains conservative editorializing within news stories.	critics such as fair and media matters for america have said that fox news reporting contains conservative editorializing within news stories.
1978 – rufa mae quinto, filipino actress, comedienne and singer	1978 – rufa mae quinto, filipino actress, comedian and singer
nguyn tin trung (born in 1983, hung ha district, thai binh province), is a self-proclaimed pro-democracy activist in vietnam.	nguyn tin trung (born in 1983, hung ha district, thai binh province), is a pro-democracy activist in vietnam.
unfortunantly the area is being destroyed by a dam being built on the river.	the area is being destroyed by a dam being built on the river.
in mathematics, the lattice theorem, sometimes improperly referred to as the fourth isomorphism theorem or the correspondence theorem, states that there exists a bijection from the set of all subgroups of a group g that contain a normal subgroup n onto the set of all subgroups of the quotient group g/n.	in mathematics, the lattice theorem, sometimes referred to as the fourth isomorphism theorem or the correspondence theorem, states that there exists a bijection from the set of all subgroups of a group g that contain a normal subgroup n onto the set of all subgroups of the quotient group g/n.
the tree line is around 4000 m elevation and the tallest peaks contain permanent equatorial glaciers - sadly disappearing due to a changing climate.	the tree line is around 4000 m elevation and the tallest peaks contain permanent equatorial glaciers - which are disappearing due to a changing climate.
feminists oppose limitations of women's right of self determination, typically claiming a right to abortion.	feminists oppose limitations of women's right of self determination, typically stating a right to abortion.
"in a segment that aired on morning joe on october 31, 2008 - the friday before election day - geist wore a ""mccain-palin"" t-shirt and campaigned for the republican ticket on the streets of the notoriously liberal upper west side neighborhood of new york city."	"in a segment that aired on morning joe on october 31, 2008 - the friday before election day - geist wore a ""mccain-palin"" t-shirt and campaigned for the republican ticket on the streets of the famously liberal upper west side neighborhood of new york city."
in early byzantium (5th to 7th century) the architects and mathematicians isidore of miletus and anthemius of tralles used complex mathematical formulas to construct the great hagia sophia church, a magnificent technological breakthrough for its time and for centuries afterwards due to its striking geometry, bold design and height.	in early byzantium (5th to 7th century) the architects and mathematicians isidore of miletus and anthemius of tralles used complex mathematical formulas to construct the great hagia sophia church, a technological breakthrough for its time and for centuries afterwards due to its striking geometry, bold design and height.
the performers demonstrate the breadth of the ramones' influence: the red hot chili peppers, the dickies and x played great sets and then cj ramone, marky ramone and long time producer daniel rey took the stage and played while different guitar and vocal teams (including longtime ramones fan henry rollins) came out and did ramones songs.	the performers demonstrate the breadth of the ramones' influence: the red hot chili peppers, the dickies and x played sets and then cj ramone, marky ramone and long time producer daniel rey took the stage and played while different guitar and vocal teams (including longtime ramones fan henry rollins) came out and did ramones songs.
"this miaphysite position, often erroneously known as ""monophysitism"", formed the basis for the distinction from other churches of the coptic church of egypt and ethiopia and the ""jacobite"" churches of syria and armenia (see oriental orthodoxy)."	"this miaphysite position, often known as ""monophysitism"", formed the basis for the distinction from other churches of the coptic church of egypt and ethiopia and the ""jacobite"" churches of syria and armenia (see oriental orthodoxy)."
the pictorial key to the tarot is a. e. waite's influential guide to divinatory tarot, published in england in 1911 in conjunction with the rider-waite-smith deck.	the pictorial key to the tarot is a. e. waite's guide to divinatory tarot, published in england in 1911 in conjunction with the rider-waite-smith deck.
response to the advert was mixed, with some calling it amusing and others finding it in bad taste, and it was lampooned by late-night comedians including jimmy fallon and stephen colbert.	response to the advert was mixed, with some calling it amusing and others finding it in bad taste, and it was mentioned by late-night comedians including jimmy fallon and stephen colbert.
the game features seven unique nations: england, franks, korea and china which are playable from the medieval age up to the imperial age.	the game features seven different nations: england, franks, korea and china which are playable from the medieval age up to the imperial age.
due to crosswind, it missed the aiming point, the aioi bridge, by almost and detonated directly over shima surgical clinic.	due to crosswind, it missed the aiming point, the aioi bridge, by approximately and detonated directly over shima surgical clinic.
as more conservative owners left the nhl, a younger guard that was more receptive to expansion came into the league.	as more restrictive owners left the nhl, a younger guard that was more receptive to expansion came into the league.
in 2008, ward requested via public forums that sites hosting pirated copies of his original rules and the material previously published in dragon magazine remove them, as they were a breach of his copyright and directly competed with products that he is selling.	in 2008, ward requested via public forums that sites hosting unlicensed copies of his original rules and the material previously published in dragon magazine remove them, as they were a breach of his copyright and directly competed with products that he is selling.
union boss bill shorten, touted as a future prime minister during the beaconsfield mine collapse drama, will contest the safe labor seat of maribyrnong.	union leader bill shorten, touted as a future prime minister during the beaconsfield mine collapse drama, will contest the safe labor seat of maribyrnong.
use of other methods (e.g., overdose of various drugs, insertion of various objects into uterus) for abortion is very dangerous, carrying a significantly elevated risk for permanent injury or death compared to abortions done by physicians.	use of other methods (e.g., overdose of various drugs, insertion of various objects into uterus) for abortion is potentially dangerous, carrying a significantly elevated risk for permanent injury or death compared to abortions done by physicians.
the dog became the rebels' symbol, and when the house of orange was returned to power, this wonderful breed almost disappeared.	the dog became the rebels' symbol, and when the house of orange was returned to power, this breed almost disappeared.
most browsers generate additional page hits by refreshing webpages when user navigates back through page history, few browsers (like opera) reuse cached content without resending unnecessary requests to server.	most browsers generate additional page hits by refreshing webpages when user navigates back through page history, few browsers (like opera) reuse cached content without resending requests to server.
awilda carbia, actress and comedienne	awilda carbia, actress and comedian
redirect gender-neutral pronoun	redirect gender-neutral language in english
on march 3, 1971) is a chef and television star of several food network shows.	on march 3, 1971) is a chef and television host of several food network shows.
for several years consecutive, he also attended the international seminar on albanian language, literature and culture, held in pritina , kosovo.	for several years consecutive, he also attended the international seminar on albanian language, literature and culture, held in pristina , kosovo.
he is probably best known for his role as david hodges in the popular american crime drama television series csi: crime scene investigation.	he is probably best known for his role as david hodges in the american crime drama television series csi: crime scene investigation.
advocates of population moderation cite issues like quality of life, carrying capacity and risk of starvation as being a basis to argue against continuing high human population growth and for population decline.	advocates of population moderation cite issues like quality of life, carrying capacity and risk of starvation as being a basis to argue against continuing high human population growth and for population reduction .
only one u.s. aircrew has been lost while on mission since such missions began during world war ii in 1943.	one u.s. aircrew has been lost while on mission since such missions began during world war ii in 1943.
they played in the hampshire league for many years until their tragic demise in 2003.	they played in the hampshire league for many years until their demise in 2003.
durov left russia and is said to be moving from country to country with a small band of computer programmers.	durov left russia and is said to be moving from country to country with a small group of computer programmers.
jordan mechner (born 1960s) is a recognized game programmer and visionary game designer.	jordan mechner (born 1960s) is a recognized game programmer and game designer.
a strategy where elections in northern ireland and the republic were contested by sinn fin, while the ira continued to pursue a paramilitary struggle against the british government and unionist paramilitaries.	a strategy where elections in northern ireland and the republic were contested by sinn fin, while the ira continued to pursue a paramilitary struggle against the british government and loyalist paramilitaries.
may 22 - michael bouchard, amazing hockey player	may 22 - michael bouchard, hockey player
kotor varo ( serbian cyrillic: ) is a town and municipality in bosnia and herzegovina.	kotor varo ( cyrillic: ) is a town and municipality in bosnia and herzegovina.
is a pop standard, and has been covered by many distunguished artists, including:	is a pop standard, and has been covered by many artists, including:
the zone diet is a fad diet in the low-carbohydrate diet school that was created by barry sears, a biochemist.	the zone diet has been described as a fad diet in the low-carbohydrate diet school that was created by barry sears, a biochemist.
"lds church theology recognizes a ""godhead"" composed of god the father, his son jesus christ, and the holy ghost as three separate persons who share unity of purpose or will; however, they are viewed as three distinct beings making one godhead."	"lds church theology includes the belief in a ""godhead"" composed of god the father, his son jesus christ, and the holy ghost as three separate persons who share unity of purpose or will; however, they are viewed as three distinct beings making one godhead."
half-life (series), a popular video game series	half-life (series), a video game series
"despite the lack of any concrete cause-and-effect link between reading comics and ""deviance"", these suggestions raised a public outcry during the sexually-repressed 1950s, eventually leading to the establishment of the comics code authority."	"despite the lack of any concrete cause-and-effect link between reading comics and ""deviance"", these suggestions raised a public outcry during the 1950s, eventually leading to the establishment of the comics code authority."
in this atmosphere american forces murdered german prisoners as retribution.	in this atmosphere american forces executed german prisoners as retribution.
"schedule iv is the category of drugs, such as heroin, that are considered to have ""particularly dangerous properties"" in comparison to other drugs (alcohol is left unregulated)."	"schedule iv is the category of drugs, such as heroin, that are considered to have ""particularly dangerous properties"" in comparison to other drugs ( ethanol is left unregulated)."
in september 2008 the landgericht kln ruled that he must not repeat this allgeation , a decision which broder successfully appealed.	in september 2008 the landgericht kln ruled that he must not repeat this statement , a decision which broder successfully appealed.
mabel hite (may 30, 1883 - october 22, 1912) was a vaudeville comedienne and musical comedy actress.	mabel hite (may 30, 1883 - october 22, 1912) was a vaudeville comedian and musical comedy actress.
hollin hills is a neat neighborhood of approximately 450 houses conceived and built by the visionary builder robert c. davenport and designed by d.c.-based architect charles m. goodman.	hollin hills is a neighborhood of approximately 450 houses conceived and built by the visionary builder robert c. davenport and designed by d.c.-based architect charles m. goodman.
the bad form resulted in lyon losing their grip on 1st place position and eventually falling out of the title race, thus ending their amazing streak of seven consecutive ligue 1 titles.	the bad form resulted in lyon losing their grip on 1st place position and eventually falling out of the title race, thus ending their streak of seven consecutive ligue 1 titles.
kathie lee and her husband, frank, share the same birthdate, just 23 years apart.	kathie lee and her husband, frank, share the same birthdate, 23 years apart.
is a 1970 film that dramatizes the japanese attack on pearl harbor and the series of american blunders that aggravated its effectiveness.	is a 1970 film that dramatizes the japanese attack on pearl harbor and the series of american blunders that unintentionally improved its effectiveness.
therefore, it is extremely unlikely that alien life similar to mankind exists.	therefore, it is extremely unlikely that alien life similar to humankind exists.
"because of the high cost of hbo, many americans only view hbo programs through dvds or in basic cable or broadcast syndication, months or even years after these programs have first been broadcast on the network, and with editing for both content and to allow advertising, although several series have filmed alternate ""clean"" scenes intended for syndication runs."	"because of the cost of hbo, many americans only view hbo programs through dvds or in basic cable or broadcast syndication, months or even years after these programs have first been broadcast on the network, and with editing for both content and to allow advertising, although several series have filmed alternate ""clean"" scenes intended for syndication runs."
the chargers had upset victories over the miami dolphins and pittsburgh steelers in the afc playoffs.	the chargers had victories over the miami dolphins and pittsburgh steelers in the afc playoffs.
it compares human consumption of natural resources with planet earth's ecological capacity to regenerate them.	it is an attempt to compare human consumption of natural resources with planet earth's ecological capacity to regenerate them.
3 on the forbes' world's top 10 most dreaded criminals list of 2011, improving from the 4th position in 2008. indian authorities have many times sent evidence to the pakistani government that dawood ibrahim lives in pakistan, but the government of pakistan keeps denying this allegation.	3 on the forbes' world's top 10 most dreaded criminals list of 2011, rising from the 4th position in 2008. indian authorities have many times sent evidence to the pakistani government that dawood ibrahim lives in pakistan, but the government of pakistan keeps denying this allegation.
church members and supporters decried the prosecution as politically motivated, discriminatory, and unfair.	church members and supporters protested the prosecution as politically motivated, discriminatory, and unfair.
"consequently, weight saving measures were incorporated into the design, such as dispensing with self-sealing fuel tanks, which caused allied fighter pilots to give it derisive nicknames such as ""the one-shot lighter"", ""the flying zippo"" and ""the flying cigar"" because of their unfortunate tendency to explode or catch on fire from any slight damage to the fuel tank wings after being hit by aerial or ground fire."	"consequently, weight saving measures were incorporated into the design, such as dispensing with self-sealing fuel tanks, which caused allied fighter pilots to give it derisive nicknames such as ""the one-shot lighter"", ""the flying zippo"" and ""the flying cigar"" because of their tendency to explode or catch on fire from any slight damage to the fuel tank wings after being hit by aerial or ground fire."
about a year later, he left y100 for new york's hot 97, but was fired on january 31 2005, along with comedian todd lynn, for his role in writing, producing and broadcasting the tsunami song, a tasteless parody of the 1985 single we are the world which mocked the victims of the indian ocean tsunami.	about a year later, he left y100 for new york's hot 97, but was fired on january 31 2005, along with comedian todd lynn, for his role in writing, producing and broadcasting the tsunami song, a parody of the 1985 single we are the world which mocked the victims of the indian ocean tsunami.
in the winter months, the population would boom from 200 to almost 2,000 people.	in the winter months, the population would rise from 200 to almost 2,000 people.
titanium allowed a higher strength-to-weight ratio at the high temperatures the blackbird would reach, but the soviet union controlled its supply and was trying to deprive the us armed forces of this valuable resource.	titanium allowed a higher strength-to-weight ratio at the high temperatures the blackbird would reach, but the soviet union controlled its supply and was trying to deprive the us armed forces of this resource.
minecraft is a popular sandbox game which allows players to build constructions out of textured cubes in a 3d world.	minecraft is a sandbox game which allows players to build constructions out of textured cubes in a 3d world.
he was then elected mayor of richmond in 1998, serving in that position until being elected lieutenant governor of virginia in 2001. kaine was elected governor of virginia in 2005, serving from 2006 to 2010. he was chairman of the democratic national committee from 2009 to 2011.	he was then elected mayor of richmond in 1998, and was in that position until being elected lieutenant governor of virginia in 2001. kaine was elected governor of virginia in 2005, serving from 2006 to 2010. he was chairman of the democratic national committee from 2009 to 2011.
after the demise of deadline magazine, in part through the godawful movie of tank girl starring lori petty, frank decamped and, having worked for several years as editorial director of aol uk during the heady expansion of the internet bubble, abandoned office life to become the translator of the novels of michel houellebecq (he jointly won the international impac dublin literary award with houellebecq for 'atomised' his translation of 'les particules lmentaires' - a book the new york times called a deeply repugnant read.)	after the demise of deadline magazine, in part through the badly received movie of tank girl starring lori petty, frank decamped and, having worked for several years as editorial director of aol uk during the heady expansion of the internet bubble, abandoned office life to become the translator of the novels of michel houellebecq (he jointly won the international impac dublin literary award with houellebecq for 'atomised' his translation of 'les particules lmentaires' - a book the new york times called a deeply repugnant read.)
the incident, which was dubbed crime of the century by metro teammate mike petke, ridiculously saw diallo receive no punishment.	the incident, which was dubbed crime of the century by metro teammate mike petke, saw diallo receive no punishment.
yang sealed the victory by drawing a remarkable approach around a tree to within ten feet (3 m) on the final hole, setting up a birdie against woods' closing bogey and a winning margin of three strokes.	yang sealed the victory by drawing a approach around a tree to within ten feet (3 m) on the final hole, setting up a birdie against woods' closing bogey and a winning margin of three strokes.
different researchers have claimed support for their numbers using official records in moscow, some of which were opened after the breakup of the ussr in 1991. estimates of the number of victims range from less than five million to unrealistically , fifty million or more..	different researchers have claimed support for their numbers using official records in moscow, some of which were opened after the breakup of the ussr in 1991. estimates of the number of victims range from less than five million to, fifty million or more..
in much of the world, especially in parts of asia, generation z is the first generation born into a so-called developed world society.	in much of the world, especially in parts of asia, generation z is the first generation born into a perceived developed world society.
muzzleloading guns, as replicas of antique weapons , are not subject to federal jusisdiction and are classified the same as an antique gun.	muzzleloading guns, as replicas of antique guns , are not subject to federal jusisdiction and are classified the same as an antique gun.
it is the largest of its planetary system's terrestrial planets and the only place in the universe known to harbor life.	it is the largest of its planetary system's terrestrial planets and the only place in the universe known to support life.
"this book is the prologue to de tandeloze tijd (""the toothless time""), a brilliant seven-volume saga about amsterdam in the seventies and eighties which won international fame to a.f.th van der heijden, or a.f.th."	"this book is the prologue to de tandeloze tijd (""the toothless time""), a seven-volume saga about amsterdam in the seventies and eighties which won international fame to a.f.th van der heijden, or a.f.th."
the record, an impressive attempt by the band to evolve in the face of changing musical trends, received critical acclaim but achieved only moderate commercial success.	the record, an attempt by the band to evolve in the face of changing musical trends, received critical acclaim but achieved only moderate commercial success.
a short pre-recorded interview with driscoll was played during the conference.	a pre-recorded interview with driscoll was played during the conference.
also known as 'imperial' mountain, it provides a breathtaking view.	also known as 'imperial' mountain, it provides a scenic view.
william frederick durst (born august 20, 1970 in jacksonville, florida) is the controversial lead singer for the nu metal/rapcore band limp bizkit.	william frederick durst (born august 20, 1970 in jacksonville, florida) is the lead singer for the nu metal/rapcore band limp bizkit.
words and phrases common to most protestant and/or evangelical denominations are often absent or corrected in the churches of christ.	words and phrases common to most protestant and/or evangelical denominations are often absent or carry different meanings in the churches of christ.
by this point, hundreds of journalists had converged to cover the unfolding tragedy .	by this point, hundreds of journalists had converged to cover the unfolding events .
mason's successful policies in northern ireland earned the ire of nationalist mps, which played a part in the march 1979 vote of no confidence, however, which the labour government lost by only one vote, precipitating the 1979 general election.	mason's policies in northern ireland earned the ire of nationalist mps, which played a part in the march 1979 vote of no confidence, however, which the labour government lost by only one vote, precipitating the 1979 general election.
at the end of the 2005 season, this massive deduction resulted in their relegation to the second division.	at the end of the 2005 season, this deduction resulted in their relegation to the second division.
however in 2012 mitt romney carried the county handily with a substantial 28% margin.	however in 2012 mitt romney carried the county handily with a 28% margin.
from there the final stretch to the summit provides breathtaking views high above the clouds as the tree line gradually diminishes with altitude.	from there the final stretch to the summit provides panoramic views high above the clouds as the tree line gradually diminishes with altitude.
the term homophobia means fear or hatred of, aversion to, or prejudice or unjust discrimination against homosexual people.	the term homophobia means fear or hatred of, aversion to, or prejudice or discrimination against homosexual people.
in particular, the game against the hated korea dpr, which decided the participation in the olympics, not only made the audiences rush to the national stadium, but was also a tv program that recorded high rating.	in particular, the game against the korea dpr, which decided the participation in the olympics, not only made the audiences rush to the national stadium, but was also a tv program that recorded high rating.
the 7.25-ton fragment of the statue's head and torso had been stolen in 1816 from the mortuary temple of ramesses at thebes by the italian adventurer giovanni battista belzoni (17781823).	the 7.25-ton fragment of the statue's head and torso had been removed in 1816 from the mortuary temple of ramesses at thebes by the italian adventurer giovanni battista belzoni (17781823).
the soundtrack is by legendary composer ennio morricone.	the soundtrack is by composer ennio morricone.
this success in a city which has traditionally been a stronghold of the bourgeois right was made all the more striking by setbacks to the left in the 2001 elections that occurred more generally—has been partially attributed with the weariness of the parisian public with respect to various scandals of corruption and graft in the preceding administrations (see corruption scandals in the paris region).	this success in a city which has traditionally been a stronghold of the right was made all the more striking by setbacks to the left in the 2001 elections that occurred more generally—has been partially attributed with the weariness of the parisian public with respect to various scandals of corruption and graft in the preceding administrations (see corruption scandals in the paris region).
the proposed treaty establishing a constitution for europe included measures intended to palliate the democratic deficit:	the proposed treaty establishing a constitution for europe included measures intended to reduce the democratic deficit:
ututo gnu/linux is a gnu/ linux distribution consisting entirely of free software.	ututo gnu/linux is a linux distribution consisting entirely of free software.
only 0.5% of cadets will ever achieve this coveted award.	only 0.5% of cadets will ever achieve this award.
he was well known for his sermons, particularly for one he delivered in the immediate wake of the september 11, 2001, attacks a sermon poignantly referenced by governor deval patrick at gomes's memorial service on april 6, 2011.	he was well known for his sermons, particularly for one he delivered in the immediate wake of the september 11, 2001, attacks a sermon referenced by governor deval patrick at gomes's memorial service on april 6, 2011.
when the labour party was taken over by chinese-educated extremists — eventually leading to the party's deregistration by the government, tan left the party to form gerakan, with the objective of attracting malays away from race-based parties such as the united malays national organisation (umno), a major party in the alliance catering to the malay majority of the population.	when the labour party was taken over by chinese-educated member with more leftist views — eventually leading to the party's deregistration by the government, tan left the party to form gerakan, with the objective of attracting malays away from race-based parties such as the united malays national organisation (umno), a major party in the alliance catering to the malay majority of the population.
and it hardly helped that sadkin was then heavily involved with the dubious thompson twins, whose tom bailey also guested on the album.	and it hardly helped that sadkin was then heavily involved with the thompson twins, whose tom bailey also guested on the album.
following serwotka's election, reamsbottom, backed by a moderate majority on the national executive, refused to step down when his term of office expired, citing what he claimed were legal irregularities in the election process.	following serwotka's election, reamsbottom, backed by a right-wing majority on the national executive, refused to step down when his term of office expired, citing what he claimed were legal irregularities in the election process.
honeybus were a 1960s band, who, since their heyday, have often been pigeonholed as one-hit wonders, a tag which belies the rich legacy of material left behind by the band.	honeybus were a 1960s band, who, since their heyday, have often been pigeonholed as one-hit wonders, a tag which many say bbelies the rich legacy of material left behind by the band.
applied kinesiology is a pseudoscientific means of medical diagnosis which proponents believe can provide feedback on a patient's health through assessment of muscle response as various stimuli are applied.	applied kinesiology is a means of medical diagnosis which proponents believe can provide feedback on a patient's health through assessment of muscle response as various stimuli are applied.
one terrorist drove off with ofir's body and dumped it, while the others fled in the second vehicle.	one assailant drove off with ofir's body and dumped it, while the others fled in the second vehicle.
microsoft wordcreeping featurism, or creeping featuritis, is a phrase used to describe software which over-emphasizes new features to the detriment of other design goals, such as simplicity, compactness, stability, or bug reduction.	microsoft word with all features activated creeping featurism, or creeping featuritis, is a phrase used to describe software which over-emphasizes new features to the detriment of other design goals, such as simplicity, compactness, stability, or bug reduction.
he was born in riyadh into the house of su'd (commonly transliterated saud), which had followed the wahhabi sect of islam since the 18th century and had historically maintained dominion over the interior highlands of arabia known as the nejd (see first saudi state and second saudi state).	he was born in riyadh into the house of su'd (commonly transliterated saud), which had followed the wahhabi movement of islam since the 18th century and had historically maintained dominion over the interior highlands of arabia known as the nejd (see first saudi state and second saudi state).
romania was the only communist state in europe to violently overthrow its totalitarian government.	romania was the only communist state in europe to violently overthrow its government.
volume 8: the threat is real only debuted at #122 on the billboard 200 charts.	volume 8: the threat is real debuted at #122 on the billboard 200 charts.
the wee web's definitive guide to ladybird books	the wee web's guide to ladybird books
the most infamous scene from the film occurs at the end, when dirk diggler takes his large penis out of his pants and talks to it, while standing in front of a mirror.	the most well-known scene from the film occurs at the end, when dirk diggler takes his large penis out of his pants and talks to it, while standing in front of a mirror.
the hp pavilion, lovingly called the shark tank or just the tank after its primary tenant or less often as san jose arena after its former name, is an indoor arena located at 525 west santa clara street in san jose, california.	the hp pavilion, commonly called the shark tank or just the tank after its primary tenant or less often as san jose arena after its former name, is an indoor arena located at 525 west santa clara street in san jose, california.
"lieberman has drawn fire from the more leftist elements within his party for his continual support for the foreign policy of president george w. bush and for statements that he has made in which he has criticized other democrats for ""undermining the president"" during a time of war."	"lieberman has drawn fire from the more anti-war elements within his party for his continual support for the foreign policy of president george w. bush and for statements that he has made in which he has criticized other democrats for ""undermining the president"" during a time of war."
gilda radner (19461989), american comedienne and actress	gilda radner (19461989), american comedian and actress
cindy williams is a fictional character in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	cindy williams is a fictional character in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
to make the remarkable music more accessible, the composer and organist max beckschfer arranged the work for voice, chorus and organ in 1985. the organ version was premiered in the marktkirche wiesbaden, where reger had played the organ himself when he studied there in the 1890s.	to make the music more accessible, the composer and organist max beckschfer arranged the work for voice, chorus and organ in 1985. the organ version was premiered in the marktkirche wiesbaden, where reger had played the organ himself when he studied there in the 1890s.
a speedy winger, lennon was formerly at leeds united, where he became the youngest player ever to appear in the fa premier league at the age of 16 years and 129 days when he appeared on his debut as a substitute at, strangely enough, tottenham hotspur in a 2-1 defeat.	a winger, lennon was formerly at leeds united, where he became the youngest player ever to appear in the fa premier league at the age of 16 years and 129 days when he appeared on his debut as a substitute at, strangely enough, tottenham hotspur in a 2-1 defeat.
unorthodox trinitarianism	non-orthodox trinitarianism
in his groundbreaking book sibling abuse, vernon wiehe published his research findings regarding 150 adults who were abused by their siblings during childhood.	in his book sibling abuse, vernon wiehe published his research findings regarding 150 adults who were abused by their siblings during childhood.
novo nordisk has sponsored sportsmen with diabetes, such as charlie kimball in auto racing and team novo nordisk in road cycling.	novo nordisk has sponsored athletes with diabetes, such as charlie kimball in auto racing and team novo nordisk in road cycling.
"the term ""bootlegging"" is also often applied to the production or distribution of counterfeit or pirated goods."	"the term ""bootlegging"" is also often applied to the production or distribution of counterfeit or infringing goods."
naomi robson (born august 1961) is the presenter of the east-coast version of today tonight, an australian public affairs program which screens weeknights on the seven network.	naomi robson (born august 1961) is the autocue reader of the east-coast version of today tonight, an australian public affairs program which screens weeknights on the seven network.
11 october 1982 in moscow, russia) is a supermodel .	11 october 1982 in moscow, russia) is a russian model .
in one case, however, the war finally forced the states-rights confederate government to over-rule objections by north carolina.	in one case, however, the war finally forced the confederate government to over-rule objections by north carolina.
david cromwell, british oceanographer and co-editor of the anti-corporate media lens website	david cromwell, british oceanographer and co-editor of the media lens website
leo of tripoli was a greek pirate serving saracen interests in the early tenth century.	leo of tripoli was a greek pirate serving arab interests in the early tenth century.
michael moore's highly critical film fahrenheit 9/11 alleges strong business connections between the bush family and the bin laden family.	michael moore's highly critical documentary fahrenheit 9/11 alleges strong business connections between the bush family and the bin laden family.
it was drafted by professor of psychology linda gottfredson and signed by gottfredson and 51 other white university professors specializing in intelligence and related fields, including around one third of the editorial board of the journal intelligence, in which it was subsequently reprinted in 1997. the 1997 editorial prefaced a special volume of intelligence with contributions from a wide array of psychologists.	it was drafted by professor of psychology linda gottfredson and signed by gottfredson and 51 other university professors specializing in intelligence and related fields, including around one third of the editorial board of the journal intelligence, in which it was subsequently reprinted in 1997. the 1997 editorial prefaced a special volume of intelligence with contributions from a wide array of psychologists.
starting from the middle ages, it was believed that if one told a lie with his/her hand in the mouth of the sculpture, it would be bitten off.	starting from the middle ages, it was believed that if one told a lie with one's hand in the mouth of the sculpture, it would be bitten off.
recently, before the 2004 presidential election, ryan spoke on the house floor in a charismatic speech denouncing the bush administration's denial of a draft reinstatement, comparing this to the administration's previous claims that iraq was developing weapons of mass destruction, the bush tax cuts would create jobs, and other such claims.	recently, before the 2004 presidential election, ryan spoke on the house floor in a heated speech denouncing the bush administration's denial of a draft reinstatement, comparing this to the administration's previous claims that iraq was developing weapons of mass destruction, the bush tax cuts would create jobs, and other such claims.
it is a country consisting of four countries : england, northern ireland, scotland and wales.	it is a country consisting of four parts : england, northern ireland, scotland and wales.
the photos of the effiminate middle-aged computer programmer leaping through air in a peter pan costume quickly became photoshop parody favorites on sites like something awful.	the photos of the middle-aged computer programmer leaping through air in a peter pan costume quickly became photoshop parody favorites on sites like something awful.
as it was traditionally a royal prerogative to walk beneath a canopy, corrupt pope alexander vi began using the umbracullum to symbolise the temporal powers of the papacy; it was formerly carried by a man standing behind the pope, and features in the heraldic arms of the cardinal chamberlain (who governs the church during a sede vacante, a papal interregnum) and the former arms of the papal states.	as it was traditionally a royal prerogative to walk beneath a canopy, pope alexander vi began using the umbracullum to symbolise the temporal powers of the papacy; it was formerly carried by a man standing behind the pope, and features in the heraldic arms of the cardinal chamberlain (who governs the church during a sede vacante, a papal interregnum) and the former arms of the papal states.
the film contains many interesting references to other historical characters, not the least of which is christopher marlowe (rupert everett), who, in the movie, shakespeare at first wrongly believes has been killed because he was mistaken for himself, when in fact marlowe has died in a bar brawl of his own instigation.	the film contains many references to other historical characters, not the least of which is christopher marlowe (rupert everett), who, in the movie, shakespeare at first wrongly believes has been killed because he was mistaken for himself, when in fact marlowe has died in a bar brawl of his own instigation.
the piri reis map is a famous pre-modern world map compiled in 1513 from military intelligence by the ottoman-turkish admiral and cartographer piri reis.	the piri reis map is a pre-modern world map compiled in 1513 from military intelligence by the ottoman-turkish admiral and cartographer piri reis.
his publications include welcome aboard and the latest night and day by prestigious publisher hatje cantz.	his publications include welcome aboard and the latest night and day by publisher hatje cantz.
the nearest island is so miguel to the north with the nearest municipality being povoaoa .	the nearest island is so miguel to the north with the nearest municipality being povoao .
"another possible explanation for the origin of ""ungri"" is come from the old russian word yugra ."	"another explanation for the origin of ""ungri"" is come from the old russian word yugra ."
edwin steiner assumed control at his father's passing , and he expanded the original building considerably.	edwin steiner assumed control at his father's death , and he expanded the original building considerably.
suhaldev is a semi-legendary indian king from shravasti, who is said to have defeated and killed the ghaznavid general ghazi saiyyad salar masud in the early 11th century.	suhaldev is a indian king from shravasti, who is said to have defeated and killed the ghaznavid general ghazi saiyyad salar masud in the early 11th century.
because of the region's unique cultural and historic heritage, including native americans, early european settlements of english, french, scotch-irish, scottish, and german heritage, importation of hundreds of thousands of enslaved africans, growth of a large proportion of african americans in the population, reliance on slave labor, and legacy of the confederacy after the civil war, the south developed its own customs, literature, musical styles, and varied cuisines that have profoundly shaped traditional american culture.	because of the region's unique cultural and historic heritage, including native americans, early european settlements of english, french, scotch-irish, scottish, and german heritage, importation of hundreds of thousands of enslaved africans, growth of a large proportion of african americans in the population, reliance on slave labor, and the aftermath of the confederacy after the civil war, the south developed its own customs, literature, musical styles, and varied cuisines that have profoundly shaped traditional american culture.
two days after his passing , more than 500 people attended the funeral, with the bears canceling a team practice so players, coaches and staff could attend.	two days after his death , more than 500 people attended the funeral, with the bears canceling a team practice so players, coaches and staff could attend.
routier testified in her own defense, crumbling under cross-examination.	routier testified in her own defense, becoming tearful under cross-examination.
at e3 2007 microsoft finally confirmed the persistent rumors of gears of war being ported over to windows, during their press conference.	at e3 2007 microsoft confirmed the persistent rumors of gears of war being ported over to windows, during their press conference.
"on april 17, 2008, tejada was ambushed by an espn reporter during an interview who revealed that tejada had been lying about his age ever since he first signed a major league baseball contract in 1993. tejada had claimed to have been born in 1976 when he was actually born in 1974. there is also evidence that he lied about the spelling of his last name, which according to published reports, is spelled ""tejeda"" on his birth certificate."	"on april 17, 2008, tejada was confronted by an espn reporter during an interview who revealed that tejada had been lying about his age ever since he first signed a major league baseball contract in 1993. tejada had claimed to have been born in 1976 when he was actually born in 1974. there is also evidence that he lied about the spelling of his last name, which according to published reports, is spelled ""tejeda"" on his birth certificate."
"it features excellently mixed audio in stereo, dolby digital 5.1 and dts 5.1. the three hidden bonus tracks ""meltdown"", ""doctor?"""	"it features mixed audio in stereo, dolby digital 5.1 and dts 5.1. the three hidden bonus tracks ""meltdown"", ""doctor?"""
school graduates continuing their education at college has recently improved to 75 percent in 2006, up from just 23 percent in 1995 .	school graduates continuing their education at college has recently improved to 75 percent in 2006, up from 23 percent in 1995 .
"robotron 2084 is the ""favorite game of all time"" of game designer eugene jarvis, game designer mark turmell (nba jam and smash tv), and legendary musician/producer todd rundgren."	"robotron 2084 is the ""favorite game of all time"" of game designer eugene jarvis, game designer mark turmell (nba jam and smash tv), and musician/producer todd rundgren."
he is remembered as one of few artists who has recorded the horrors of the gulag in the form of paintings (see also drawings by eufrosinia kersnovskaya).	he is remembered as one of few artists who has recorded the events of the gulag in the form of paintings (see also drawings by eufrosinia kersnovskaya).
waging war against afghanistan has been of a lower priority for the u.s. government than the war against iraq.	waging war against afghanistan has been of a lower priority for the u.s. government than the war in iraq.
such racialist views were were sometimes accompanied by racist policies such as jim crow laws.	such race views were were sometimes accompanied by racist policies such as jim crow laws.
in 1977-1978 the orakei mori action committee organised an illegal occupation of the remaining crown land to prevent its confiscation by the muldoon government.	in 1977-1978 the orakei mori action committee organised an occupation of the remaining crown land to prevent its confiscation by the muldoon government.
"many scholars believe that the actions of governments can be labelled ""terrorism""."	"some scholars believe that the actions of governments can be labelled ""terrorism""."
people who restored their nationality or acquired nationality by neutralization	people who restored their nationality or acquired nationality by natralization
the hyderabad public school, ramanthapur is one of the best schools in hyderabad, ap, india.	the hyderabad public school, ramanthapur is one of the most acclaimed schools in hyderabad, ap , india.
hans adam von schning (1 october 1641 – 28 august 1696) was a cantankerous generalfeldmarschall in the service of brandenburg-prussia and the electorate of saxony.	hans adam von schning (1 october 1641 – 28 august 1696) was a generalfeldmarschall in the service of brandenburg-prussia and the electorate of saxony.
all six of the daring italian sailors were captured.	all six of the italian sailors were captured.
some animal welfare groups, such as farm sanctuary say that turkeys each have unique personalities and make wonderful pets .	some animal welfare groups, such as farm sanctuary say that turkeys each have unique personalities and make wonderful companion animals.
grand rapids is a great city in the u.s. state of michigan.	grand rapids is a city in the u.s. state of michigan.
the imams in many passages of quran are referred as the light of god (nur), his witnesses among mankind (shuhada), his signs (ayat), those firm in the knowledge (rasikhun), the vicegerents of god on earth (khulafa), the gates through which he is approached (abwab), the heirs of the knowledge of the prophet.the imam is endowed with the holy spirit (ruh al-kuds).	the imams in many passages of quran are referred as the light of god (nur), his witnesses among humankind (shuhada), his signs (ayat), those firm in the knowledge (rasikhun), the vicegerents of god on earth (khulafa), the gates through which he is approached (abwab), the heirs of the knowledge of the prophet.the imam is endowed with the holy spirit (ruh al-kuds).
dmitry tursunov of russia upset tim henman of great britain 5-7, 6-3, 6-4, 7-5	dmitry tursunov of russia defeated tim henman of great britain 5-7, 6-3, 6-4, 7-5
the european frontiersmen exhibited callous behavior toward the natives, but the beothuk seemed to have had an equally strong cultural imperative toward revenge that caused them to carry out attacks.	the european frontiersmen exhibited callous behavior toward the natives, but the beothuk seemed to have had an equally strong cultural imperative toward retribution that caused them to carry out attacks.
not much is known about the characters because of both the premature cancellation of the series and the fact that the bios on nbc's website have been deleted, although some information is given in the few episodes aired.	not much is known about the characters because of both the early cancellation of the series and the fact that the bios on nbc's website have been deleted, although some information is given in the few episodes aired.
brass rubbing was originally a largely british mania for reproducing onto paper monumental brasses -- commemorative brass plaques found in churches, usually originally on the floor, from between the 13th and 16th centuries.	brass rubbing was originally a largely british enthusiasm for reproducing onto paper monumental brasses -- commemorative brass plaques found in churches, usually originally on the floor, from between the 13th and 16th centuries.
in 2001, barrett was the lead spokesperson of a movement which was largely responsible for defeating the nice treaty referendum - a vote which was subsequently undemocratically/illegally held again and pushed through.	in 2001, barrett was the lead spokesperson of a movement which was largely responsible for defeating the nice treaty referendum - a vote which was subsequently held again and pushed through.
the saibai islanders accepted christianity in 1871 with the arrival of the london missionary society.	the saibai islanders converted to christianity in 1871 with the arrival of the london missionary society.
sonic the hedgehog's 16-bit graphics were impressive for its time, with richly animated sprites and varied colours, cutting no corners on the sega genesis' poor colour palette.	sonic the hedgehog's 16-bit graphics were impressive for its time, with richly animated sprites and varied colours, cutting no corners on the sega genesis' enhanced colour palette.
assuming a prominent role in quelling the urban unrest in south central los angeles.	they assumed a prominent role in quelling the urban unrest in south central los angeles.
"in the bad art collection by jhonen vasquez, an intermediary panel, presumably from the pov of the author, reads ""can't you see i'm sick?!"	"in the bad art collection by jhonen vasquez, an intermediary panel, presumably from the point of view of the author, reads ""can't you see i'm sick?!"
there is much evidence of both acceptance and repression of homosexual behavior throughout recorded history.	there is much evidence of both acceptance and rejection of homosexual behavior throughout recorded history.
the suburb of atlantis was established during the 1970s by the apartheid government as an industrial centre and a community for the coloured population of cape town under the infamous group areas act.	the suburb of atlantis was established during the 1970s by the apartheid government as an industrial centre and a community for the coloured population of cape town under the group areas act.
until recently the diplock courts only tried republican or unionist paramilitaries, however the first case in which a non-irish person was tried and convincted occured on novermber 24, 2005 when abbas boutrab, a suspected al-qaeda sympathizer, was found guilty of having information that could assist bombing an airliner.	until recently the diplock courts only tried republican or loyalist paramilitaries, however the first case in which a non-irish person was tried and convincted occured on novermber 24, 2005 when abbas boutrab, a suspected al-qaeda sympathizer, was found guilty of having information that could assist bombing an airliner.
several sources report that hsbc closed them because they donated their money to palestine during the massacring .	several sources report that hsbc closed them because they donated their money to palestine during the recent conflict .
roy rogers (born july 28 1950, redding, california) is an acclaimed american slide guitarist and record producer from northern california.	roy rogers (born july 28 1950, redding, california) is an american slide guitarist and record producer from northern california.
television advertising featured actress uma thurman, comedienne ruby wax, and actors samuel l. jackson, marc warren, and david tennant.	television advertising featured actress uma thurman, comedian ruby wax, and actors samuel l. jackson, marc warren, and david tennant.
then making a turn to the southeast, the highway crosses the intracoastal waterway, giving drivers a spectacular view of the beach and the gulf of mexico.	then making a turn to the southeast, the highway crosses the intracoastal waterway, giving drivers a view of the beach and the gulf of mexico.
as of 2009, ben is happily married to fleur folds and they live in nashville with their children.	as of 2009, ben is married to fleur folds and they live in nashville with their children.
in ocarina of time, the zoras were redesigned into a race of peaceful fishmen , which they have been portrayed as in all zelda games since.	in ocarina of time, the zoras were redesigned into a race of peaceful fish people , which they have been portrayed as in all zelda games since.
in australia, for example, it has long been rumoured that so-called animal rights groups favour legislation that would forbid the breeding of dogs from any breed recognized by the australian national kennel council; this could lead to a breed's extinction.	in australia, for example, it has long been rumoured that animal rights groups favour legislation that would forbid the breeding of dogs from any breed recognized by the australian national kennel council; this could lead to a breed's extinction.
fisher married comedienne lottie venne, with whom he had appeared on tour and in the happy land.	fisher married comedian lottie venne, with whom he had appeared on tour and in the happy land.
"in 1951, the robeson county commissioners conducted the first tribal election of a name wherein tribal members overwhelmingly voted for adoption of ""lumbee indians of north carolina."""	"in 1951, the robeson county commissioners conducted the first tribal election of a name wherein tribal members voted for adoption of ""lumbee indians of north carolina."""
in his work with the committee for the scientific investigation of claims of the paranormal, radford is one of the world's few science-based paranormal investigators, and has done first-hand research into psychics, ghosts and haunted houses; exorcisms, miracles, bigfoot, stigmata, lake monsters, ufo sightings, reincarnation, crop circles, and other topics.	in his work with the committee for the scientific investigation of claims of the paranormal, radford characterizes himself as one of the world's few science-based paranormal investigators, and has done first-hand research into psychics, ghosts and haunted houses; exorcisms, miracles, bigfoot, stigmata, lake monsters, ufo sightings, reincarnation, crop circles, and other topics.
after goscinny's premature death in 1977, uderzo continued to write and illustrate the books on his own, though at a significantly slower pace (averaging one album every 3 to 5 years compared to 2 albums a year when working with goscinny).	after goscinny's death in 1977, uderzo continued to write and illustrate the books on his own, though at a significantly slower pace (averaging one album every 3 to 5 years compared to 2 albums a year when working with goscinny).
some systems (particularly newer macintoshes and new editions of microsoft windows) use intel's complicated efi.	some systems (particularly newer macintoshes and new editions of microsoft windows) use intel's efi.
the theme of one of the episodes (season 5 episode 15) of the popular nbc sitcom parks and recreation was the main character leslie knope roasting the media of the fictional town of pawnee in a local correspondents lunch.	the theme of one of the episodes (season 5 episode 15) of the nbc sitcom parks and recreation was the main character leslie knope roasting the media of the fictional town of pawnee in a local correspondents lunch.
knightley has denied rumours she is anorexic, although her family has a history of anorexia.	knightley has denied rumours she were anorexic, although her family has a history of anorexia.
the firm has funded well-known technology companies including baidu, hotmail (acquired by microsoft), overture (acquired by yahoo), and skype (acquired by microsoft).	the firm has funded technology companies including baidu, hotmail (acquired by microsoft), overture (acquired by yahoo), and skype (acquired by microsoft).
in common use, the term is sometimes falsely restricted to europeans and other lighter-skinned populations within these areas, and may be considered equivalent to the varying definitions of white people.	in common use, the term is sometimes restricted to europeans and other lighter-skinned populations within these areas, and may be considered equivalent to the varying definitions of white people.
inflammatory signs could be seen throughout shea.	hostile signs could be seen throughout shea.
his successor stler, again, changed a few things, and included a statue of niklot on horseback, and the pompous cupola.	his successor stler, again, changed a few things, and included a statue of niklot on horseback, and the cupola.
hotel urgeiria - a lovely hotel close to the mines	hotel urgeiria - a hotel close to the mines
another character was patti who was played by comedienne patti deutsch.	another character was patti who was played by comedian patti deutsch.
"the cathedral chamber, part of the ""lucas cave"" is famous for its superb acoustics."	"the cathedral chamber, part of the ""lucas cave"" is famous for its acoustics."
it has a delicious soft jelly-like consistency, and is best eaten with a spoon.	it has a soft jelly-like consistency, and is best eaten with a spoon.
the exact origins of 28,30-bisnorhopane have not been conclusively established, however, there are strong analytical implications towards generation from chemoautotrophic bacteria.	the exact origins of 28,30-bisnorhopane have not been conclusively established, however, there are analytical implications towards generation from chemoautotrophic bacteria.
prominent student organizations at wesleyan include progressowu; pride (serving the gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender community), and the babbling bishops, an improvisational comedy troupe.	student organizations at wesleyan include progressowu; pride (serving the gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender community), and the babbling bishops, an improvisational comedy troupe.
the phrase was ironically popularized when george w. bush adopted it as one of his key slogans during his 2000 presidential campaign against al gore.	the phrase was popularized when george w. bush adopted it as one of his key slogans during his 2000 presidential campaign against al gore.
sex reassignment surgery from male to female involves mutilating the male genitals into a form with the appearance of and, as far as possible, the function of female genitalia.	sex reassignment surgery from male to female involves reshaping the male genitals into a form with the appearance of and, as far as possible, the function of female genitalia.
president mubarak is not constitutionally barred from yet another term.	president mubarak is not constitutionally barred from another term.
between the 1997 and 2004 incidents, police were dispatched eight times to suppress crowds in the university hill neighborhood and the downtown pearl street mall.	between the 1997 and 2004 incidents, police were dispatched eight times to suppress riots in the university hill neighborhood and the downtown pearl street mall.
the soundtrack was written and performed by the following talented individuals:	the soundtrack was written and performed by the following individuals:
in fact hundreds of times he agreed with guests or callers who strangely claimed global cooling was occurring or was about to occur.	in fact hundreds of times he agreed with guests or callers who claimed global cooling was occurring or was about to occur.
there are four schools in peacehaven and a hideous shopping precinct called the meridian centre.	there are four schools in peacehaven and a shopping precinct called the meridian centre.
the genesis creation narrative is the creation myth of both judaism and christianity.	the genesis creation narrative is the creation account of both judaism and christianity.
he then went to high school, along with future boxer timothy bradley, but unfortunately swanson soon began associating himself with street gangs, and was involved in many fights.	he then went to high school, along with future boxer timothy bradley, but swanson soon began associating himself with street gangs, and was involved in many fights.
(i never promised you a) rose garden was the title of a song written by joe south, that is best known as recorded by country legend lynn anderson.	(i never promised you a) rose garden was the title of a song written by joe south, that is best known as recorded by country singer lynn anderson.
excellent article on hindu temples of india by george michell and snehal singh.	article on hindu temples of india by george michell and snehal singh.
"in early september 2013, however, russian president vladimir putin acknowledged that, a few days before boarding a plane to moscow, ""mr. snowden first appeared in hong kong and met with our diplomatic representatives."""	"in early september 2013, however, russian president vladimir putin said that, a few days before boarding a plane to moscow, ""mr. snowden first appeared in hong kong and met with our diplomatic representatives."""
armageddon (greek '; armageddn also spelled har-magedon' in some modern english translations) is the fictional climactic battle between god, also known as yhwh elohim, and satan the devil, written in the book of revelation in the christian new testament, or more generally, an apocalyptic catastrophe.	armageddon (greek '; armageddn also spelled har-magedon' in some modern english translations) is the final climactic battle between god, also known as yhwh elohim, and satan the devil, written in the book of revelation in the christian new testament, or more generally, an apocalyptic catastrophe.
davison appears to have been an industrious and outspoken man, and was undoubtedly made the scapegoat for the queen's pusillanimous conduct.	davison appears to have been an industrious and outspoken man, and was undoubtedly made the scapegoat for the queen's conduct.
it is the proud champion of division 2 in micca for the past two years.	it is the champion of division 2 in micca for the past two years.
israeli defenders in afula.	israeli soldiers in afula.
october 6, 2003: the programme's first gay storyline occurs when todd grimshaw kisses nick tilsley.	october 6, 2003: the programme's first homosexual storyline occurs when todd grimshaw kisses nick tilsley.
9 on u.s. billboard hot 100 becoming grande and miller's first top ten success on the chart.	9 on u.s. billboard hot 100 becoming grande and miller's first top ten song on the chart.
fly entertainment was founded in 1999 by local host and comedienne , irene ang.	fly entertainment was founded in 1999 by local host and comedian , irene ang.
the buffett rule is a controversial tax plan proposed by president barack obama in 2011 to reduce income inequality in the united states between the top 1% of americans and the remaining 99% of americans, due to the income growth in the 1% group as compared to the 99% group.	the buffett rule is a tax plan proposed by president barack obama in 2011 to reduce income inequality in the united states between the top 1% of americans and the remaining 99% of americans, due to the income growth in the 1% group as compared to the 99% group.
on january 22, 2006, los angeles lakers superstar kobe bryant scored a career high 81 points in the staples center against the toronto raptors, the second highest number of points scored in a single game in nba history, second only to wilt chamberlain's 100 point performance.	on january 22, 2006, los angeles lakers player kobe bryant scored a career high 81 points in the staples center against the toronto raptors, the second highest number of points scored in a single game in nba history, second only to wilt chamberlain's 100 point performance.
the programme for international student assessment, coordinated by the oecd, currently ranks poland's educational system in its pisa 2012 as the 10th best in the world, scoring significantly higher than the oecd average.	the programme for international student assessment, coordinated by the oecd, currently ranks poland's educational system in its pisa 2012 as the 10th best in the world, scoring higher than the oecd average.
between 2000 and 2004, pearce was the lead singer and guitarist in the renowned london alt-country band woodchuck, among various other music projects.	between 2000 and 2004, pearce was the lead singer and guitarist in the london alt-country band woodchuck, among various other music projects.
"ian mclagan, formerly of the faces played keyboards, harmonica virtuoso sugar blue contributed to several songs, in addition to saxophonist mel collins and simon kirke, who played percussion (the three jokingly credited as ""1 moroccan, 1 jew, 1 wasp"")."	"ian mclagan, formerly of the faces played keyboards, harmonica player sugar blue contributed to several songs, in addition to saxophonist mel collins and simon kirke, who played percussion (the three jokingly credited as ""1 moroccan, 1 jew, 1 wasp"")."
sheila jeffreys (born 13 may 1948), an english expatriate in australia, is best known as a lesbian feminist scholar and political activist, for her analysis of the history and politics of sexuality in britain, and for her controversial views on transsexualism .	sheila jeffreys (born 13 may 1948), an english expatriate in australia, is best known as a lesbian feminist scholar and political activist, for her analysis of the history and politics of sexuality in britain, and for her controversial views on transsexual people .
in the latter view, jewish scholars point out how the order of creation in genesis corresponds to the actual development of life on earth--the sun, then earth, then oceans, then oceanic plant life, fish preceding land-based life, with mammals and finally humans last--and in no way specifies the method of creation in a manner prohibitive of evolution.	in the latter view, jewish scholars point out how the order of creation in genesis corresponds to the scientific description of the development of life on earth--the sun, then earth, then oceans, then oceanic plant life, fish preceding land-based life, with mammals and finally humans last--and in no way specifies the method of creation in a manner prohibitive of evolution.
he oddly becomes karen's fourth husband for about 20 minutes until the couple realize how little they had in common outside of the bedroom.	he becomes karen's fourth husband for about 20 minutes until the couple realize how little they had in common outside of the bedroom.
arctic sea ice coverage as of 2007 compared to 2005 and also compared to 1979-2000 average the arctic is especially vulnerable to the effects of global warming as has become apparent in the melting sea ice in recent years.	arctic sea ice coverage as of 2007 compared to 2005 and also compared to 1979-2000 average the arctic is vulnerable to the effects of global warming as has become apparent in the melting sea ice in recent years.
"a poor showing for the gop in the 2018 midterm elections may lead to an influx of ambitious politicians vying to reclaim the nomination from trump, as late arizona senator john mccain said that ""republicans see weakness in this president."""	"a showing for the gop in the 2018 midterm elections may lead to an influx of ambitious politicians vying to reclaim the nomination from trump, as late arizona senator john mccain said that ""republicans see weakness in this president."""
"some view the emergence of this and, more recently, other similar organisations, such as young guard and locals, as one of the signs of putin's russia ""sliding into fascism, with state control of the economy, media, politics and society becoming increasingly heavy-handed""."	"some view the emergence of this and, more recently, other similar organisations, such as young guard and locals, as one of the signs of putin's presidency ""sliding into fascism, with state control of the economy, media, politics and society becoming increasingly heavy-handed""."
exhausted crews at the finish of the 2002 boat race.	both crews at the finish of the 2002 boat race.
trotsky later conceded he had been wrong in opposing lenin on the issue of the party.	trotsky later maintained that he had been wrong in opposing lenin on the issue of the party.
warren county is a county located in the u.s. state of tennessee.	warren county is a county located in the state of tennessee.
behind the scenes, dunstan sometimes found corcoran's plain-speaking style useful, in order to control troublemakers within the alp.	behind the scenes, dunstan sometimes found corcoran's plain-speaking style useful, in order to control others within the alp.
the description moors has referred to several historic and modern day 'berbers', ancient africans and 'arabs'from northern africa, some of whom came to conquer and occupy the iberian peninsula for nearly 800 years.	the description moors has referred to several historic and modern day 'berbers', africans and 'arabs'from northern africa, some of whom came to conquer and occupy the iberian peninsula for nearly 800 years.
british television had a head start on american tv thanks to the 1920's efforts of john logie baird, scottish inventor of a mechanical television format that the bbc used to broadcast regular programming from 1929-1936. still, the golden age of british tv enjoyed its peak around the same time as in the united states ranging from approximately 1949 to 1955. writers such as nigel kneale and producers like rudolph cartier produced classic programming such as the quatermass experiment and mystery story (of which sadly no recording exists).	british television had a head start on american tv thanks to the 1920's efforts of john logie baird, scottish inventor of a mechanical television format that the bbc used to broadcast regular programming from 1929-1936. still, the golden age of british tv enjoyed its peak around the same time as in the united states ranging from approximately 1949 to 1955. writers such as nigel kneale and producers like rudolph cartier produced classic programming such as the quatermass experiment and mystery story (of which no recording exists).
steve hassan, author of several books on cults, and that time a can deprogrammer commented in the same press conference that tm practitioners display what he considers to be cultlike behaviors.	steve hassan, author of several books on cults, and at one time a can deprogrammer commented in the same press conference that tm practitioners display what he considers to be cultlike behaviors.
"historian allen ward of the university of connecticut noted that historical accuracy would not have made gladiator less interesting or exciting and stated: ""creative artists need to be granted some poetic license, but that should not be a permit for the wholesale disregard of facts in historical fiction""."	"historian allen ward of the university of connecticut believed that historical accuracy would not have made gladiator less interesting or exciting and stated: ""creative artists need to be granted some poetic license, but that should not be a permit for the wholesale disregard of facts in historical fiction""."
an inauguration is a formal ceremony to mark the beginning of a major political leader's term of office.	an inauguration is a formal ceremony to mark the beginning of a major public leader's term of office.
john brown (may 9, 1800 – december 2, 1859) was an american terrorist , and one of the first white abolitionists to advocate, and to practice, guerrilla warfare as a means to the abolition of slavery.	john brown (may 9, 1800 – december 2, 1859) was an american abolitionist , and one of the first white abolitionists to advocate, and to practice, guerrilla warfare as a means to the abolition of slavery.
"the first episode ends with an historical timeline sequence, backed by the haunting song ""magpie"" by the unthanks."	"the first episode ends with an historical timeline sequence, backed by the song ""magpie"" by the unthanks."
amber evangeline valletta (born february 9, 1974) is an american supermodel and actress.	amber evangeline valletta (born february 9, 1974) is an american model and actress.
sociedad qumica y minera de chile (sqm) (bcs: sqm-a, sqm-b / ) is a chilean chemical company and a leading supplier of plant nutrients, iodine, lithium and industrial chemicals.	sociedad qumica y minera de chile (sqm) (bcs: sqm-a, sqm-b / ) is a chilean chemical company and a supplier of plant nutrients, iodine, lithium and industrial chemicals.
in 1998, clad in custom-made lederhosen, hanzel und gretyl toured the us in direct support of germany's venerable rammstein on the band's first ever headlining tour of the states after meeting and playing with the band at a cmj music marathon show in new york city.	in 1998, clad in custom-made lederhosen, hanzel und gretyl toured the us in direct support of germany's rammstein on the band's first ever headlining tour of the states after meeting and playing with the band at a cmj music marathon show in new york city.
all of these countries have significant roma minorities, and the roma minority has been unfairly disadvantaged, both economically and socially.	all of these countries have significant roma minorities, and the roma minority has been rather disadvantaged, both economically and socially.
"under the direction of actress/ comedienne /singer jane brucker (""one life to live, ""dirty dancing""), improv and comedy became all the rage, with jane introducing such new acts as adam sandler and kathy kinney (""mimi"" on ""the drew carey show'.)"	"under the direction of actress/ comedian /singer jane brucker (""one life to live, ""dirty dancing""), improv and comedy became all the rage, with jane introducing such new acts as adam sandler and kathy kinney (""mimi"" on ""the drew carey show'.)"
allen zadoff is an award-winning american author of young adult fiction.	allen zadoff is an american author of young adult fiction.
with tall distinctive skyscrapers, these panoramic images show how skyscrapers are able to affect, define and transform cities into great skylines.	with tall distinctive skyscrapers, these panoramic images show how skyscrapers are able to affect, define and transform cities into skylines.
geoffrey watts grogan (19691991) (who remained involved with gbc/icc in academic, lecturing and pastoral roles until his passing in 2011)	geoffrey watts grogan (19691991) (who remained involved with gbc/icc in academic, lecturing and pastoral roles until his death in 2011)
it included al-qaeda, taliban, lashkar-e-tayyaba and egypt's banned muslim brotherhood, as well as groups linked to separatist militants in chechnya and islamic radicals in central asia but omitted both hamas and hezbollah.	it included al-qaeda, taliban, lashkar-e-tayyaba and egypt's muslim brotherhood, as well as groups linked to separatist militants in chechnya and islamic radicals in central asia but omitted both hamas and hezbollah.
following this example, physical force republicanism became increasingly powerful and, for the following seven years or so, became the dominant force in ireland, securing substantial independence but at the irreversible price of dividing ireland.	following this example, physical force republicanism became increasingly powerful and, for the following seven years or so, became the dominant force in ireland, securing substantial independence but at the price of dividing ireland.
"this was the subject of adrian mitchell's haunting protest poem ""fifteen million plastic bags""."	"this was the subject of adrian mitchell's protest poem ""fifteen million plastic bags""."
hot hand fallacy , a streak of good luck in a sport or gambling	hot hand phenomenon , a streak of good luck in a sport or gambling
mccarthyism historically describes demagogic activities associated with a period of intense anti-communist suspicion in the united states that lasted roughly from the late 1940s to the late 1950s.	mccarthyism historically describes activities associated with a period of intense anti-communist suspicion in the united states that lasted roughly from the late 1940s to the late 1950s.
they rejected every other means of instruction, and pretended that to be saved one must even be ignorant of the first letters of the alphabet; whence their name, a-b-c-darians.	they rejected every other means of instruction, and claimed that to be saved one must even be ignorant of the first letters of the alphabet; whence their name, a-b-c-darians.
"the two candidates even appeared (separately) on a prime time special with the cast in fall 2000. ferrell's bush impression coined the term ""strategery"" in a sketch mocking bush's propensity for mispronunciations, while hammond's spot-on gore was complimented by his slow, deliberate drawl and use of the term, ""lockbox,"" during the show's debate sketches."	"the two candidates even appeared (separately) on a prime time special with the cast in fall 2000. ferrell's bush impression coined the term ""strategery"" in a sketch mocking bush's propensity for mispronunciations, while hammond's gore was complimented by his slow, deliberate drawl and use of the term, ""lockbox,"" during the show's debate sketches."
there is a reasonable bus service on nottingham road, and cycling regional route 66 passes through the area.	there is a bus service on nottingham road, and cycling regional route 66 passes through the area.
further, party leader jimmie kesson expresses concern that the increasing islamization of sweden will eventually lead to the rights of sexual minorities being violated.	further, party leader jimmie kesson expresses concern that the islamization of sweden will eventually lead to the rights of sexual minorities being violated.
ahmadi s believe that jesus survived the crucifixion and later travelled to india, where he lived as a prophet (and died) under the name of yuz asaf.	ahmadi muslims believe that jesus survived the crucifixion and later travelled to india, where he lived as a prophet (and died) under the name of yuz asaf.
as one expert in the field, norman finkelstein, whose controversial scholarship hilberg generously defended virtually to the day he died, recently remarked:	as one expert in the field, norman finkelstein, whose controversial scholarship hilberg defended virtually to the day he died, recently remarked:
on may 26, 2010, west drew the ire of the chicago white sox and their fans after calling two questionable-at-best balks on pitcher mark buehrle in under three innings.	on may 26, 2010, west drew the ire of the chicago white sox and their fans after calling two balks on pitcher mark buehrle in under three innings.
shortly after finishing her studies neel married a handsome cuban painter named carlos enriquez, the son of wealthy and aristocratic parents.	shortly after finishing her studies neel married a cuban painter named carlos enriquez, the son of wealthy and aristocratic parents.
nearby is an elegant narrow victorian suspension bridge, howley bridge, which provides pedestrian access between howley and latchford.	nearby is an narrow victorian suspension bridge, howley bridge, which provides pedestrian access between howley and latchford.
most of these groups are explicitly christian, and more than one sees the debate as part of the purported christian mandate to evangelize.	most of these groups are explicitly christian, and more than one sees the debate as part of the christian mandate to evangelize.
although some people will have the wonderful experience of cycling right across the continent, most journeys on eurovelo will be local to school, work, shops or for leisure.	although some people will have the experience of cycling right across the continent, most journeys on eurovelo will be local to school, work, shops or for leisure.
according to the liberal media watchdog fair, independent observers concur rctv participated in and supported the coup of april 11, 2002. rctv encouraged pro-coup protests, celebrated when chvez was temporarily removed from power, and broadcast false reports that chvez had renounced his presidency.	according to the media watchdog fair, independent observers concur rctv participated in and supported the coup of april 11, 2002. rctv encouraged pro-coup protests, celebrated when chvez was temporarily removed from power, and broadcast false reports that chvez had renounced his presidency.
however he refused to pressure a reluctant british army to face down the unionist paramilitaries who were intimidating utility workers.	however he refused to pressure a reluctant british army to face down the loyalist paramilitaries who were intimidating utility workers.
olinuxino is an open hardware single-board computer capable of running android or gnu/ linux designed by olimex ltd in bulgaria.	olinuxino is an open hardware single-board computer capable of running android or linux designed by olimex ltd in bulgaria.
his exciting rescue was filmed for national tv and witnessed by hundreds of onlookers from the upper floors of the dakin building.	his rescue was filmed for national tv and witnessed by hundreds of onlookers from the upper floors of the dakin building.
among the greatest of the european explorers was david livingstone, who charted the vast interior and serpa pinto, who crossed both southern africa and central africa on a difficult expedition, mapping much of the interior of the continent.	among the most famous of the european explorers was david livingstone, who charted the vast interior and serpa pinto, who crossed both southern africa and central africa on a difficult expedition, mapping much of the interior of the continent.
byrd constructed 14 exquisite variations on the melody, starting with a simple 'rustic' presentation of the theme with a drone accompaniment and concluding with a richly polyphonic final variation.	byrd constructed 14 variations on the melody, starting with a simple 'rustic' presentation of the theme with a drone accompaniment and concluding with a richly polyphonic final variation.
rabbi gil student, a prolific author on the internet, exposes anti-talmud accusations and writes:	rabbi gil student, a prolific author on the internet, refutes anti-talmud accusations and writes:
(the comedian groucho marx also used this song as part of his own act, at least in part to irk the ultra- patriotic berlin, who in later years tried in vain to disown the song).	(the comedian groucho marx also used this song as part of his own act, at least in part to irk the patriotic berlin, who in later years tried in vain to disown the song).
since its formulation, the adage has been used extensively on tech blogs, including mentions by merlin mann and others.	since its formulation, the adage has been used on tech blogs, including mentions by merlin mann and others.
foreign fighters from al-qaeda took over security in the afghan cities, demonstrating the instability of the taliban regime.	fighters from al-qaeda took over security in the afghan cities, demonstrating the instability of the taliban regime.
"he said, ""an internet was sent by my staff"" (meaning ""an email was sent by my staff""), and he said commercial traffic such as commercial video downloads may have been to blame for the delay (an unlikely scenario given the way in which the internet protocol functions)."	"he said, ""an internet was sent by my staff"" (meaning ""an email was sent by my staff""), and he said commercial traffic such as commercial video downloads may have been to blame for the delay (an impossible scenario given the way in which the internet protocol functions)."
scher was never reinstated as head of the theatre, despite a campaign led by her and many supporters, the friends of anna scher, which continues today.	scher was never reinstated as head of the theatre, despite a campaign led by her and her supporters, the friends of anna scher, which continues today.
"however the event was tragically overshadowed by the death of an edmonton ski instructor who disappeared on the mountain's ""jalapeno"" run and whose body was found in a tree well three days later on christmas day."	"however the event was overshadowed by the death of an edmonton ski instructor who disappeared on the mountain's ""jalapeno"" run and whose body was found in a tree well three days later on christmas day."
disillusioned ex-punks argue that punk is out dated and obsolescent, especially as mass acceptance means that punk is now even influcening boy bands (albeit in a sanitised form).	disillusioned ex-punks argue that punk is out dated and obsolescent, especially as mass acceptance means that punk is now even influcening boy bands (albeit in an arguably sanitised form).
jillian has a great design team who works with her on each episode.	jillian has a design team who works with her on each episode.
her mother is a white american, and her father is a saudi arabian national of indian heritage.	her mother is a european american, and her father is a saudi arabian national of indian heritage.
genesis creation narrative, the specific creation story in the book of genesis	genesis creation narrative, the specific creation account in the book of genesis
after joseph smith was martyred in 1844 at the hands of a mob in a jail cell in carthage, illinois, the largest body of latter-day saints followed brigham young, who eventually became president of his denomination, in an exodus to the salt lake valley, arriving there in july of 1847. smaller groups of saints followed other claimants to the church presidency, some staying behind in nauvoo, illinois, and others dispersing to separate locations.	after joseph smith was killed in 1844 at the hands of a mob in a jail cell in carthage, illinois, the largest body of latter-day saints followed brigham young, who eventually became president of his denomination, in an exodus to the salt lake valley, arriving there in july of 1847. smaller groups of saints followed other claimants to the church presidency, some staying behind in nauvoo, illinois, and others dispersing to separate locations.
he is a playable character in the popular flash game series, emogame.	he is a playable character in the flash game series, emogame.
also, in the popular television sitcom the simpsons, homer simpson's love affair with doughnuts makes a prominent ongoing joke as well as the focal point of more than a few episodes.	also, in the television sitcom the simpsons, homer simpson's love affair with doughnuts makes a prominent ongoing joke as well as the focal point of more than a few episodes.
in this dark song, clarkson laments her relationship with a man who has broken her heart and who does not care about the tears she cried, behind her hazel eyes.	in this song, clarkson laments her relationship with a man who has broken her heart and who does not care about the tears she cried, behind her hazel eyes.
they would do this once more during the campaign: exactly three months later, on september 11, to mark the anniversary of the tragic events of that day in 2001.	they would do this once more during the campaign: exactly three months later, on september 11, to mark the anniversary of the events of that day in 2001.
it was also the worst terrorist attack to occur in the u.s. since the september 11 attacks.	it was also the most deadly terrorist attack to occur in the u.s. since the september 11 attacks.
somebody to love is a song written by freddie mercury and performed by seminal english rock band queen featured on the 1976 album a day at the races.	somebody to love is a song written by freddie mercury and performed by english rock band queen featured on the 1976 album a day at the races.
satori shakoor, comedienne , sketch actress, singer, writer	satori shakoor, comedian , sketch actress, singer, writer
sir donald george bradman (august 27, 1908 - february 25, 2001) was an australian cricket player who is possibly the greatest batsman of all time, and one of australia's greatest popular heroes.	sir donald george bradman (august 27, 1908 - february 25, 2001) was an australian cricket player who is universally regarded as the greatest batsman of all time, and one of australia's greatest popular heroes.
key2audioxs combines user-friendly pc playback and a clone-proof multimedia session for cd-extra and web links.	key2audioxs combines a pc playback and a clone-proof multimedia session for cd-extra and web links.
its stated goal is to eventually replace existing character encoding schemes with unicode and its standard unicode transformation format (utf) schemes, claiming that many of the alternative schemes are limited in size and scope, and are incompatible with multilingual environments.	its stated goal is to eventually replace existing character encoding schemes with unicode and its standard unicode transformation format (utf) schemes, contending that many of the alternative schemes are limited in size and scope, and are incompatible with multilingual environments.
... that reki kawahara, author of the widely successful sword art online, planned to submit the draft for the light novel series to a 2002 competition, but refrained because it exceeded the page limit?	... that reki kawahara, author of the successful sword art online, planned to submit the draft for the light novel series to a 2002 competition, but refrained because it exceeded the page limit?
in 2015, the institute launched schoolgrades.org, offering the only grading system that uses a rigorous, common standard to compare schools across the u.s.accounting for differences in academic standards across states and each school's unique economic profile to provide a comprehensive picture of school performance in core subjects.	in 2015, the institute launched schoolgrades.org, claiming that it was the only grading system that uses a rigorous, common standard to compare schools across the u.s.accounting for differences in academic standards across states and each school's unique economic profile to provide a comprehensive picture of school performance in core subjects.
count albert apponyi de nagyappony (29 may 1846 – 7 february 1933) was a distinguished hungarian nobleman and politician from an ancient noble family dating back to the 13th century.	count albert apponyi de nagyappony (29 may 1846 – 7 february 1933) was a hungarian nobleman and politician from an ancient noble family dating back to the 13th century.
1994 charles peignot award from the association typographique internationale - the first woman and the second american ever to receive this prestigious award	1994 charles peignot award from the association typographique internationale - the first woman and the second american ever to receive this award
in 2005 the skidmore men's baseball and lacrosee teams won their conference championships and appeared for the first time in the prestigious ncaa tournament.	in 2005 the skidmore men's baseball and lacrosee teams won their conference championships and appeared for the first time in the ncaa tournament.
according to a 10-year survey by the university of bielefeld, which dealt with different aspects of attitudes to islam, mistrust of islam is widespread in germany with only 19 percent of germans believing that islam is compatible with german culture.	"according to a 10-year survey by the university of bielefeld, which dealt with different aspects of attitudes to islam, ""distrust"" of islam is widespread in germany with only 19 percent of germans believing that islam is compatible with german culture."
"the neighborhood also has the dubious distinction of being the birthplace of electroclash, a genre fostered by self-styled new york celebrity larry tee and his berliniamsburg parties (he even copyrighted ""electroclash,"" the word)."	"the neighborhood also has the distinction of being the birthplace of electroclash, a genre fostered by self-styled new york celebrity larry tee and his berliniamsburg parties (he even copyrighted ""electroclash,"" the word)."
during israels 1948 arab-israeli war they did not participate in the fighting.	during the 1948 arab-israeli war they did not participate in the fighting.
in addition to the 2008 humboldt fellowship, schindler has received a number of other academic honors, including several prestigious invited lectures.	in addition to the 2008 humboldt fellowship, schindler has received a number of other academic honors, including several invited lectures.
the famous pretty fly-song was in fact sung live and a cappella by sally jane while shooting the scene on the river-stage, but because of her too fragile voice, in addition of tending to speed up on the phrases and the racket the river water was making, it was later dubbed in a sound-studio by actress/singer betty benson.	the pretty fly-song was in fact sung live and a cappella by sally jane while shooting the scene on the river-stage, but because of her too fragile voice, in addition of tending to speed up on the phrases and the racket the river water was making, it was later dubbed in a sound-studio by actress/singer betty benson.
check-in counters the relaxing jungle boardwalk fountain	check-in counters the jungle boardwalk fountain
she supports continuation of the stalled israel palestine peace process.	she supports continuation of the israel palestine peace process.
in the mistaken belief the u.s. would inevitably come to britain's aid, simultaneously (december 7 in the western hemisphere), japan launched a heavy carrier-based air attack on pearl harbor.	in the belief the u.s. would inevitably come to britain's aid, simultaneously (december 7 in the western hemisphere), japan launched a heavy carrier-based air attack on pearl harbor.
the hmsu have traced and arrested several ira terrorists in northern ireland.	the hmsu have traced and arrested several ira members in northern ireland.
unfortunately , the canucks lost 52 and would never again get a chance to jump into first overall.	however , the canucks lost 52 and would never again get a chance to jump into first overall.
"the nazis had many other eugenics-inspired racial policies, including their ""euthanasia"" program in which around 200,000 people institutionalized or suffering from birth defects were murdered ."	"the nazis had many other eugenics-inspired racial policies, including their ""euthanasia"" program in which around 200,000 people institutionalized or suffering from birth defects were put to death ."
spiritualism, a religious movement that began in the united states and flourished from the 1840s to the 1920s	spiritualism, a religious movement that began in the united states and flourished from the 1840s to the present
chancellor angelica merkel has been sharply criticised for being personally present and involved at the m100 media award handover to danish cartoonist kurt westergaard.	chancellor angelica merkel has been criticised for being personally present and involved at the m100 media award handover to danish cartoonist kurt westergaard.
the question of a successor was of no great moment, as muhammad had none of what might today be called civil authority, and no property to speak of to bequeath.	the question of a successor might therefore be considered to have been of no great moment, as muhammad had none of what might today be called civil authority, and no property to speak of to bequeath.
united nations security council resolution 446 was concerning the issue of the israeli settlements in the palestinian territories of the west bank, gaza strip and the syrian golan heights.	united nations security council resolution 446 was concerning the issue of the israeli settlements in the palestinian territories of the west bank, gaza strip and the golan heights.
the reasons behind this move were because actress- comedienne lucille ball had sold her studios to the gulf + western conglomerate, who owned paramount pictures, so don fedderson productions, who produced my three sons (along with family affair starring brian keith), had to quickly make other arrangements for filming.	the reasons behind this move were because actress- comedian lucille ball had sold her studios to the gulf + western conglomerate, who owned paramount pictures, so don fedderson productions, who produced my three sons (along with family affair starring brian keith), had to quickly make other arrangements for filming.
tracy's powerful performance in a boardroom scene remains widely considered one of his most thrilling sequences as an actor.	tracy's performance in a boardroom scene remains widely considered one of his most thrilling sequences as an actor.
the surname chennault is french and is normally pronounced shen-o.	the surname chennault is french and is often pronounced shen-o.
the bodybuilder and i is a feature-length documentary film written and directed by bryan friedman, taking viewers on a journey into the strange subculture of geriatric bodybuilding as the filmmaker tries to reconnect with his father.	the bodybuilder and i is a feature-length documentary film written and directed by bryan friedman, taking viewers on a journey into the subculture of geriatric bodybuilding as the filmmaker tries to reconnect with his father.
eastenders is a long-running british soap opera created by julia smith and tony holland which has been broadcast on bbc one since 1985. set in albert square in the east end of london in the fictional borough of walford, the programme follows the stories of local residents and their families as they go about their daily lives.	eastenders is a british soap opera created by julia smith and tony holland which has been broadcast on bbc one since 1985. set in albert square in the east end of london in the fictional borough of walford, the programme follows the stories of local residents and their families as they go about their daily lives.
ellen lee degeneres (; born january 26, 1958) is an american comedienne , television host, actress, writer, and television producer.	ellen lee degeneres (; born january 26, 1958) is an american comedian , television host, actress, writer, and television producer.
accuracy in media (aim) is a conservative american organization which monitors the news media in the united states.	accuracy in media (aim) is a american organization which monitors the news media in the united states.
artists often record their own shows for private review, but engineers may surreptitiously take a copy of this, which ends up being shared.	artists may record their own shows for private review, but engineers may surreptitiously take a copy of this, which ends up being shared.
after his first wife's passing , judge pierce married his present wife cynthia.	after his first wife's death , judge pierce married his present wife cynthia.
he notoriously took control of the rebuilding project of alexandra palace which had been partially destroyed in a fire.	he took control of the rebuilding project of alexandra palace which had been partially destroyed in a fire.
in 2006 the cmc also began an investigation into a series of suspicious loans nuttall received from queensland mining magnate ken talbot.	in 2006 the cmc also began an investigation into a series of loans nuttall received from queensland mining magnate ken talbot.
dunrobin successfully amalgamated with the city of ottawa in 2000. dunrobin is expanding steadily with a current population of about 1,000 people.	dunrobin amalgamated with the city of ottawa in 2000. dunrobin is expanding steadily with a current population of about 1,000 people.
pope paul ii (1464–1471) was alleged to have died of a heart attack while in a sexual act with a page.	pope paul ii (1464–1471) a popular legend alleged to have died of a heart attack while in a sexual act with a page.
turkish cuisine is highly influenced by its ottoman heritage, and thus, it is a fusion and refinement of turkic , arabic, persian and greek cuisines .	turkish cuisine is highly influenced by its ottoman heritage, and thus, it is a fusion and refinement of central asian , arabic, persian and greek cuisines .
in october 2001, in the wake of the september 11, 2001 attacks on the united states, the us and some of its allies invaded the country of afghanistan to remove al-qaeda forces and punish the taliban regime which had control of the country.	in october 2001, in the wake of the september 11, 2001 attacks on the united states, the us and some of its allies invaded the country of afghanistan to remove al-qaeda forces and oust the taliban regime which had control of the country.
after world war ii, poland managed to reclaim the provinces of western pomerania, lubusz land, the remainder of silesia, the city of gdansk, and warmia-masuria — to the much higher cost of loosing all eastern poland to the curzon line to the soviets.	after world war ii, poland managed to annex the provinces of western pomerania, lubusz land, the remainder of silesia, the city of gdansk, and warmia-masuria — to the much higher cost of loosing all eastern poland to the curzon line to the soviets.
attacks by pro-life activists	undercover operations by pro-life activists
most important to the portuguese, the opportunistic french recognised philip iv of spain as the legitimate king of portugal.	most important to the portuguese, the french recognised philip iv of spain as the legitimate king of portugal.
"her friends and family mourned her passing affectionately, never quite managing to forget the irreplaceable ""old bag""."	"her friends and family mourned her death affectionately, never quite managing to forget the irreplaceable ""old bag""."
chakiris had a recurring role on the popular tv show superboy as professor peterson during the series' first two seasons from 1988-1990. chakiris last acted in a 1996 episode of the sitcom last of the summer wine and has given occasional television interviews since then.	chakiris had a recurring role on the tv show superboy as professor peterson during the series' first two seasons from 1988-1990. chakiris last acted in a 1996 episode of the sitcom last of the summer wine and has given occasional television interviews since then.
the madras players - the oldest and one of the best amateur theatre groups in the country formed by n s yamuna, ammu mathew, vishalam ekambaram and other theatre enthusiasts along with the british council, has been staging great performances and world premiers of certain renown playwrights since 1955.	the madras players - the oldest and one of the top amateur theatre groups in the country formed by n s yamuna, ammu mathew, vishalam ekambaram and other theatre enthusiasts along with the british council, has been staging great performances and world premiers of certain renown playwrights since 1955.
it premiered on december 29, 2008. a spin-off of the popular mtv series the hills, the show followed brody jenner as he searched to find a new best friend after his fall-out with longtime best friend spencer pratt.	it premiered on december 29, 2008. a spin-off of the mtv series the hills, the show followed brody jenner as he searched to find a new best friend after his fall-out with longtime best friend spencer pratt.
although neither team was ranked, the win was considered an upset victory for coach gillispie and his wildcats after the vmi debacle and was the first in-season tournament championship win for the university of kentucky since winning the great alaska shootout in late 1996.	although neither team was ranked, the win was considered an upset victory for coach gillispie and his wildcats after the vmi loss and was the first in-season tournament championship win for the university of kentucky since winning the great alaska shootout in late 1996.
from 1948 he included zionist charities at the instigation of his friend israel sieff.	from 1948 he included zionist charities at the urging of his friend israel sieff.
he had a central role in brave new world (film), a 1998 tv-movie version of aldous huxley's novel where he played a character wonderfully reminiscent of spock in his philosophical balancing of unpredictable human qualities with the need for control.	he had a central role in brave new world (film), a 1998 tv-movie version of aldous huxley's novel where he played a character reminiscent of spock in his philosophical balancing of unpredictable human qualities with the need for control.
indica's music and lyrics are written by the band's charismatic singer jonsu, who started her composer's career even before she went to school, writing little 'symphonies' two bars long.	indica's music and lyrics are written by the band's singer jonsu, who started her composer's career even before she went to school, writing little 'symphonies' two bars long.
the object of the game is to save innocent civilians from fires that spring up around the city.	the object of the game is to save civilians from fires that spring up around the city.
however, some incorrigible optimists have said that a space elevator might exist in little more than a decade .	however, some optimists have said that a space elevator might exist in little more than a decade .
franoise seigner, 80, french comedienne and actress, pancreatic cancer.	franoise seigner, 80, french comedian and actress, pancreatic cancer.
in subsequent reigns, the power of the sovereign further deteriorated , and the power of the prime minister increased.	in subsequent reigns, the power of the sovereign further decreased , and the power of the prime minister increased.
in the same period, krauss had gotten off to an early start as a remarkably self-assured and penetrating art critic, writing first for art international and later for artforum international which, under the editorship of philip leider, migrated from california to new york to become a home for many of the strongest and most contentious voices in art criticism of the time.	in the same period, krauss had gotten off to an early start as a self-assured and penetrating art critic, writing first for art international and later for artforum international which, under the editorship of philip leider, migrated from california to new york to become a home for many of the strongest and most contentious voices in art criticism of the time.
america's operating revenue has declined from $10 million in 2002 to $3.7 million in 2010 following the publication of government reports that challenged the effectiveness of the program.	america's operating revenue has declined from $10 million in 2002 to $3.7 million in 2010 following the publication of government reports that unifrmly discrdited the effectiveness of the program.
comedienne catherine tate also finished the lyrics of the chorus correctly in a different segment of the same episode.	comedian catherine tate also finished the lyrics of the chorus correctly in a different segment of the same episode.
perun is not mentioned directly in any of the records of western slavic paganism , but a reference to him is perhaps made in a short note in helmod's chronica slavorum, written in the latter half of the 12th century, which states (quite similarly to procopius some six centuries earlier) that slavic tribes, even though they worship many various gods, all agree there is a supreme god in heaven which rules over all other on earth.	perun is not mentioned directly in any of the records of western slavic traditional religion , but a reference to him is perhaps made in a short note in helmod's chronica slavorum, written in the latter half of the 12th century, which states (quite similarly to procopius some six centuries earlier) that slavic tribes, even though they worship many various gods, all agree there is a supreme god in heaven which rules over all other on earth.
my chemical romance covered the song for the soundtrack of watchmen, the film adaptation of alan moore and dave gibbons' acclaimed graphic novel.	my chemical romance covered the song for the soundtrack of watchmen, the film adaptation of alan moore and dave gibbons' graphic novel.
the dazzling alabaster marbled istiqlal mosque, the largest in southeast asia	the alabaster marbled istiqlal mosque, the largest in southeast asia
vajrayna is acknowledged to be the fastest method for attaining buddhahood but for unqualified practitioners it can be dangerous.	vajrayna is believed by tibetan buddhists to be the fastest method for attaining buddhahood but for unqualified practitioners it can be dangerous.
democratic socialists and social democrats reject the idea that socialism can be accomplished only through class conflict and a violent proletarian revolution.	democratic socialists and social democrats reject the idea that socialism can be accomplished only through class conflict and a proletarian revolution.
he and joyce d'silva remained happily married throughout his life.	he and joyce d'silva remained married throughout his life.
shannon leto (; born march 9, 1970) is an american musician and songwriter who gained worldwide fame as the drummer for thirty seconds to mars.	shannon leto (; born march 9, 1970) is an american musician and songwriter who gained fame as the drummer for thirty seconds to mars.
"block c helmet logo – south carolina's helmet, regardless of color, has featured the ""block c"" logo since 1975. the logo consists of a garnet gamecock inside a black letter ""c,"" which stands for carolina."	"block c logo – south carolina's helmet, regardless of color, has featured the ""block c"" logo since 1975. the logo consists of a garnet gamecock inside a black letter ""c,"" which stands for carolina."
as the highway travels through banff and the bow valley area, it includes amazing views of most of the mountains, and an environment rich in wildlife.	as the highway travels through banff and the bow valley area, it includes scenic views of most of the mountains, and an environment rich in wildlife.
the camp is close to beautiful chain-of-lakes area of central wisconsin , the crystal river and shadow lake (used for camp canoe trips), and many outdoor recreation areas including the wolf and fox rivers.	the camp is close to the chain-of-lakes area of central wisconsin , the crystal river and shadow lake (used for camp canoe trips), and many outdoor recreation areas including the wolf and fox rivers.
dutch family enjoying a succulent rijsttafel dinner, 1936.	dutch family enjoying a large rijsttafel dinner, 1936.
victoria wood with all the trimmings was a one-off christmas comedy sketch-show special, written by and starring comedienne victoria wood.	victoria wood with all the trimmings was a one-off christmas comedy sketch-show special, written by and starring comedian victoria wood.
joe simpson is the successful manager of singers jessica simpson, ashlee simpson and ryan cabrera; jessica and ashlee are his daughters.	joe simpson is the manager of singers jessica simpson, ashlee simpson and ryan cabrera; jessica and ashlee are his daughters.
in the 7th district the former representative, robinson o'neal, had died in a car accident the prior year.	in the 7th district the former representative, robinson o'neal, had died in a car crash the prior year.
the capture of east india company brig nautilus took place on 30 june 1815. although part of the anglo-american war of 1812, it took place long after the war ended, as the commander of the united states sloop of war uss peacock was unaware that the war had ended six months earlier.	the capture of east india company brig nautilus took place on 30 june 1815. although part of the anglo-american war of 1812, it took place long after the war ended, as the commander of the united states sloop of war uss peacock and its crew of u.s. navy sailors and troops from the u.s. marines were unaware that the war had ended six months earlier.
she is best known as a member of the successful pop/r&b group the pussycat dolls.	she is best known as a member of the pop/r&b group the pussycat dolls.
in addition, it appears to be an example of backwards reasoning since it asserts that the universe is adapted to humans instead of that humans are adapted to the universe through the process of evolution through natural selection.	in addition, it is claimed to be an example of backwards reasoning since it asserts that the universe is adapted to humans instead of that humans are adapted to the universe through the process of evolution through natural selection .
once in office, however, he changed his mind and argued that the terrorists must be defeated before negotiations could begin.	once in office, however, he changed his mind and argued that the fln insurgents must be defeated before negotiations could begin.
he composed many beautiful endgame studies.	he composed many endgame studies.
herut was founded by menachem begin in 1948 as the political successor to the irgun, a terrorist paramilitary group in mandate palestine.	herut was founded by menachem begin in 1948 as the political successor to the irgun, a paramilitary group in mandate palestine.
when the british heard of the panther's arrival in morocco, they wrongly believed that the germans meant to turn agadir into a naval base on the atlantic.	when the british heard of the panther's arrival in morocco, they believed that the germans meant to turn agadir into a naval base on the atlantic.
lancia appia models were beautiful small v4 engined cars made between 1953 and 1960. sales was limited by moderate straight line performance and passenger space, even for european cars of that period and fairly high prices.	lancia appia models were small v4 engined cars made between 1953 and 1960. sales was limited by moderate straight line performance and passenger space, even for european cars of that period and fairly high prices.
some sources state he was dissatisfied with the sega genesis console's low-quality synthesized audio chip, while others suggested sega wanted to distance itself from him following sexual abuse allegations that were made public before the game released.	some sources state he was dissatisfied with the sega genesis console's synthesized audio chip, while others suggested sega wanted to distance itself from him following sexual abuse allegations that were made public before the game released.
the major flaw in the npt is that uranium enrichment can be used for fuel reasons.	the major loophole in the npt is that uranium enrichment can be used for fuel reasons.
the bombing campaign contributed to the chaos of the cambodian civil war, which saw the forces of us-backed dictator lon nol unable to retain foreign support to combat the growing khmer rouge insurgency that would overthrow him in 1975. documents uncovered from the soviet archives after 1991 reveal that the north vietnamese invasion of cambodia in 1970 was launched at the explicit request of the khmer rouge and negotiated by pol pot's then second in command, nuon chea.	the bombing campaign contributed to the chaos of the cambodian civil war, which saw the forces of us-backed leader lon nol unable to retain foreign support to combat the growing khmer rouge insurgency that would overthrow him in 1975. documents uncovered from the soviet archives after 1991 reveal that the north vietnamese invasion of cambodia in 1970 was launched at the explicit request of the khmer rouge and negotiated by pol pot's then second in command, nuon chea.
the tweeter is also known for its beautiful view of center city, philadelphia.	the tweeter is also known for its view of center city, philadelphia.
an inconvenient truth is an academy award-winning documentary film about climate change, specifically global warming, presented by former united states vice president al gore and directed by davis guggenheim.	an inconvenient truth is a controversial academy award-winning documentary film about climate change, specifically global warming, presented by former united states vice president al gore and directed by davis guggenheim.
critical rationalism is an epistemological philosophy advanced by karl raimund popper, which is a logical generalization of his approach to science, falsificationism.	critical rationalism is an epistemological philosophy advanced by karl raimund popper, which is a generalization of his approach to science, falsificationism.
unfortunately , there are only nine passages (two of them psalm headings) that use this term (and only two more use the masculine form elem).	however , there are only nine passages (two of them psalm headings) that use this term (and only two more use the masculine form elem).
extreme-right -wing critics morton and knopff have raised several concerns about the charter, notably by alleging that the federal government has used it to limit provincial powers by allying with various rights claimants and interest groups.	right -wing critics morton and knopff have raised several concerns about the charter, notably by alleging that the federal government has used it to limit provincial powers by allying with various rights claimants and interest groups.
in oct. 2002 the governor of the indian state of tamil nadu issued an ordinance aimed at preventing people from converting to christianity, on the pretext that of such conversions occurring due to fraud.	in oct. 2002 the governor of the indian state of tamil nadu issued an ordinance aimed at preventing people from converting to christianity, on the pretext that of such conversions occur due to fraud.
existing for over a century, the australian labor party has been responsible for the carriage of many important reforms.	existing for over a century, the australian labor party has been responsible for the carriage of many reforms.
, commonly called the is one of the great buddhist temples in the city of kamakura in kanagawa prefecture, japan, famous for housing a massive wooden statue of kannon.	, commonly called the is one of the buddhist temples in the city of kamakura in kanagawa prefecture, japan, famous for housing a massive wooden statue of kannon.
he is married to comedienne , actress and writer lindsay sharman.	he is married to comedian , actress and writer lindsay sharman.
the 2006 qana massacre was an attack by the israel air force (iaf) on a three-story building in the small community of al-khuraybah near the south lebanese village of qana on july 30, 2006, during the 2006 lebanon war in which 28 civilians were killed, about half being children.	the 2006 qana airstrike was an attack by the israel air force (iaf) on a three-story building in the small community of al-khuraybah near the south lebanese village of qana on july 30, 2006, during the 2006 lebanon war in which 28 civilians were killed, about half being children.
nocturnal emissions ran their own record label, sterile records and later worked closely with the editors of the pioneeering art music label touch, later with both the netherlands- based staalplaat and usa- based soleilmoon recording labels.	nocturnal emissions ran their own record label, sterile records and later worked closely with the editors of the art music label touch, later with both the netherlands- based staalplaat and usa- based soleilmoon recording labels.
"the delicious skin of a concord grape is typically dark blue or purple, and often is covered with a lighter colored ""bloom"" which can be rubbed off."	"the skin of a concord grape is typically dark blue or purple, and often is covered with a lighter colored ""bloom"" which can be rubbed off."
pis plans to introduce a fully professional army and end conscription by 2012 (in august 2008, compulsory military service was finally abolished in poland).	pis plans to introduce a fully professional army and end conscription by 2012 (in august 2008, compulsory military service was abolished in poland).
in june of 2007, perverted justice was criticized following a sting operation that resulted in the non-prosecution of 23 suspected online sex predators in collin county, texas.	in june of 2007, perverted justice was criticized following a sting operation that resulted in the release of 23 suspected online sex predators in collin county, texas.
following on that success 334 b-29s took off from the mariana islands on the night of march 9–10 heading for tokyo.	following on that effort 334 b-29s took off from the mariana islands on the night of march 9–10 heading for tokyo.
later in the at bat, cabrera smashed a pitch to deep right field for a two-run home run.	later in the at bat, cabrera hit a pitch to deep right field for a two-run home run.
the new york times surveyed opposition voters on the 1990 election:	the new york times surveyed voters on the 1990 election:
the ark, in ann arbor, michigan, is a world-class folk music venue.	the ark, in ann arbor, michigan, is a folk music venue.
international human rights lawyer justus reid weiner, who teaches at hebrew university, told the jerusalem institute for global jewish affairs that, under the pa-fatah regime , christian arabs have been victims of frequent human rights abuses by muslims.	international human rights lawyer justus reid weiner, who teaches at hebrew university, told the jerusalem institute for global jewish affairs that, under the pa-fatah administration , christian arabs have been victims of frequent human rights abuses by muslims.
"raymond peynet rosenthal porcelain plate with the lovers.the famous ""peynet kiosk"" on the champ de mars in valence."	"raymond peynet rosenthal porcelain plate with the lovers.the ""peynet kiosk"" on the champ de mars in valence."
further disaster shook up the beginnings of the band on august 12, 2003 when current drummer, kris dalene was killed tragically in an automobile accident.	further disaster shook up the beginnings of the band on august 12, 2003 when current drummer, kris dalene was killed in an automobile accident.
the korowai know a few gender-specific activities, such as the performance of religious ceremonies in which only the male adults are involved.	the korowai have a few gender-specific activities, such as the performance of religious ceremonies in which only the male adults are involved.
"the year 2000 saw the debut of three original recordings from the longing sessions; janis ian's ""in the winter"", melissa manchester and carole bayer sager's ""home to myself"" and colin blunstone and david jones' ""exclusively for me"", all of which had been mixed and digitally remastered as early as 1995. these three titles were finally released as part of mercury/universal music uk's 4 cd boxed set simpy dusty, a project which was commissioned with springfield's full approval before her passing in 1999."	"the year 2000 saw the debut of three original recordings from the longing sessions; janis ian's ""in the winter"", melissa manchester and carole bayer sager's ""home to myself"" and colin blunstone and david jones' ""exclusively for me"", all of which had been mixed and digitally remastered as early as 1995. these three titles were finally released as part of mercury/universal music uk's 4 cd boxed set simpy dusty, a project which was commissioned with springfield's full approval before her death in 1999."
the road drops in elevation heading towards the hanalei river with lookout points giving breathtaking views of the river valley and the northwestern shore of kauai.	the road drops in elevation heading towards the hanalei river with lookout points giving views of the river valley and the northwestern shore of kauai.
november 4: the basque terrorist group eta (militants pictured) has declared that the peace process is in jeopardy due to the lack of progress in the talks with the spanish government.	november 4: the basque separatist group eta (militants pictured) has declared that the peace process is in jeopardy due to the lack of progress in the talks with the spanish government.
the movie also won the academy award for original score, which was composed and conducted by john williams and featured violin solos by renowned israeli violinist itzhak perlman.	the movie also won the academy award for original score, which was composed and conducted by john williams and featured violin solos by israeli violinist itzhak perlman.
this attracted much attention from obsessive fans.	this attracted much attention from fans.
"bush's most common nickname is ""dubya"", from the colloquial mispronunciation of his middle initial."	"bush's most common nickname is ""dubya"", from the colloquial pronunciation of his middle initial."
the popular front national leader marine le pen promised a french referendum on eu membership if she were to win the 2017 presidential election.	the front national leader marine le pen promised a french referendum on eu membership if she were to win the 2017 presidential election.
the prime minister of kosovo (, serbian: ) is head of government of the disputed republic of kosovo.	the prime minister of kosovo (, serbian: ) is head of government of the republic of kosovo.
boatting school - here children get to take control of lego boats.	boating school - here children get to take control of lego boats.
it was the preferred term of the evolutionist julian huxley.	it was the preferred term of the evolutionary biologist julian huxley.
damyan yovanov gruev or damjan jovanov gruev, often known by his short name dame gruev, (january 19, 1871, smilevo, ottoman empire  december 10, 1906, petlec peak near maleshevo, ottoman empire) was macedonian revolutionary and insurgent leader in ottoman macedonia and thrace.	damyan yovanov gruev or damjan jovanov gruev, often known by his short name dame gruev, (january 19, 1871, smilevo, ottoman empire  december 10, 1906, petlec peak near maleshevo, ottoman empire) was bulgarian revolutionary and insurgent leader in ottoman macedonia and thrace.
benning is best known for his work with the canadian professional soccer league and vaughan shooters from 1998 to 2004. benning was appointed assistant coach of the glen shields soccer club in the clubs first season in 1998. in 1999, he succeeded glen shields sun devils coach ron harrison and continued as head coach until he retired in 2004. benning led the club to 2 straight rogers cup championship matches in 2003 and 2004. unfortunately , the club lost both of the matches.	benning is best known for his work with the canadian professional soccer league and vaughan shooters from 1998 to 2004. benning was appointed assistant coach of the glen shields soccer club in the clubs first season in 1998. in 1999, he succeeded glen shields sun devils coach ron harrison and continued as head coach until he retired in 2004. benning led the club to 2 straight rogers cup championship matches in 2003 and 2004. however , the club lost both of the matches.
}}on april 1, 1984, superstar soul singer marvin gaye, an artist who had defined the motown sound of the 1960s and 1970s, was fatally shot by his father, marvin gay, sr. at their house at 2101 south gramercy place in western heights in the west adams district of los angeles.	}}on april 1, 1984, soul singer marvin gaye, an artist who had defined the motown sound of the 1960s and 1970s, was fatally shot by his father, marvin gay, sr. at their house at 2101 south gramercy place in western heights in the west adams district of los angeles.
parrish played for the storm all the way to the play-off final, but the storm unfortunately lost on penalty shots to the sheffield steelers.	parrish played for the storm all the way to the play-off final, but the storm lost on penalty shots to the sheffield steelers.
while bose designed them to utilize active equalization in an effort to counteract sound degradation, that limited countermeasure (not to mention batteries) wouldn't be necessary if they were capable of passive operation.	while bose designed them to utilize active equalization in an effort to counteract sound degradation, that countermeasure (not to mention batteries) wouldn't be necessary if they were capable of passive operation.
the soviet delegation at the congress, headed by boris ponamaryev, shamefacedly left the hall as participants cheered when meena started waving a victory sign.	the soviet delegation at the congress, headed by boris ponamaryev, left the hall as participants cheered when meena started waving a victory sign.
his defection was a powerful blow against the regime, forcing ceauescu to overhaul the architecture of the securitate.	his treason was a powerful blow against the regime, forcing ceauescu to overhaul the architecture of the securitate.
as the 1980s brought up a shredding guitarist virtuoso phenomenon, the soloist was widely acclaimed in rock and metal music, especially by lead guitarists.	as the 1980s brought up a shredding guitarist phenomenon, the soloist was widely acclaimed in rock and metal music, especially by lead guitarists.
the command and staff college is a prestigious pakistani military educational institution where officers receive staff training and education.	the command and staff college is a pakistani military educational institution where officers receive staff training and education.
"after attending a private school, his family moved to exclusive palm beach, florida when he was 16. he eventually became a radio comedian, working with ron and fez on the syndicated ""ron and ron show,"" before hooking up with the blue collar boys."	"after attending a private school, his family moved to palm beach, florida when he was 16. he eventually became a radio comedian, working with ron and fez on the syndicated ""ron and ron show,"" before hooking up with the blue collar boys."
"northrop frye famously depicted these two opposing sides as a ""society of youth"" and a ""society of the old"", but this dichotomy is seldom described as an entirely satisfactory explanation."	"northrop frye depicted these two opposing sides as a ""society of youth"" and a ""society of the old"", but this dichotomy is seldom described as an entirely satisfactory explanation."
this is because a given employee might need to appear more than once ( he might have multiple skills), and a given skill might need to appear more than once (it might be possessed by multiple employees).	this is because a given employee might need to appear more than once ( the employee might have multiple skills), and a given skill might need to appear more than once (it might be possessed by multiple employees).
katrina bowden (born september 19, 1988) is an american actress best known for playing cerie on the nbc sitcom 30 rock (20062013).	katrina bowden (born september 19, 1988) is an american actress known for playing cerie on the nbc sitcom 30 rock (20062013).
during the 1950s, lee worked with t. austin-sparks who held conferences with him in taiwan in 1955 and 1957. however, although they were united in their views on christ as life to the believers, they differed sharply on their views of the church.	during the 1950s, lee worked with t. austin-sparks who held conferences with him in taiwan in 1955 and 1957. however, although they were united in their views on christ as life to the believers, they differed on their views of the church.
the final quarter-final saw spain defeat italy on penalties after a boring 0–0 draw in normal time.	the final quarter-final saw spain defeat italy on penalties after a 0–0 draw in normal time.
the party acknowledges that each state's membership in the union is voluntary.	the party holds that each state's membership in the union is voluntary.
there have been dozens of claimants to the title of messiah in jewish history, and none have fulfilled the requirements of that office.	there have been dozens of claimants to the title of messiah in jewish history, and none of whom traditional jews recognize as having fulfilled the requirements of that office.
unfortunately , tetracycline-resistant p. acnes is now quite common.	however , tetracycline-resistant p. acnes is now quite common.
non-prosaic explanations of ufos have received very little attention or support in mainstream scientific literature.	non-prosaic explanations of ufos have received very little attention and vritually no support in mainstream scientific literature.
according to an interview with nintendo's famed game designer shigeru miyamoto, the concept involved focusing on a new form of player interaction.	according to an interview with nintendo's game designer shigeru miyamoto, the concept involved focusing on a new form of player interaction.
operation defensive shield was a large-scale military operation conducted by the israel defense forces in april 2002 after a series of terrorist attacks launched against israel.	operation defensive shield was a large-scale military operation conducted by the israel defense forces in april 2002 after a series of militant attacks launched against israel.
definitely promoted to athletic's first team for the 201011 season, prez scored in his first official appearance, a 30 home win over rcd mallorca, playing the last ten minutes in the place of wonderkid iker muniain.	definitely promoted to athletic's first team for the 201011 season, prez scored in his first official appearance, a 30 home win over rcd mallorca, playing the last ten minutes in the place of iker muniain.
kai-fu lee (; born december 3, 1961) is a taiwanese -born american information technology executive, writer, and computer scientist.	kai-fu lee (; born december 3, 1961) is a chinese -born american information technology executive, writer, and computer scientist.
some notable composers of non-orchestral film scores include:	some composers of non-orchestral film scores include:
for example, in the creation of shenandoah national park and the famous skyline drive between 1924 and 1936, a number of families and entire communities were required to vacate portions of the blue ridge mountains, mostly by actions of the commonwealth of virginia, which then ceded land to the federal government.	for example, in the creation of shenandoah national park and the skyline drive between 1924 and 1936, a number of families and entire communities were required to vacate portions of the blue ridge mountains, mostly by actions of the commonwealth of virginia, which then ceded land to the federal government.
rock against racism was a music festival event organized in 1978 by the anti-nazi league to fight the growing wave of racist attacks in the uk partially catalyzed by alledgedly racist comments made by musicians david bowie and eric clapton.	rock against racism was a music festival event organized in 1978 by the anti-nazi league to fight the growing wave of racist attacks in the uk partially catalyzed by racist comments made by musicians david bowie and eric clapton.
free west papua campaign - organization based in oxford, uk that supports the west papua liberation	free west papua campaign - organization based in oxford, uk that supports the west papua secession
though university officers only responded to the scene later, these incidents strained student-police relations further, prompting mass resignations of student drivers from the escort service and a mass protest of over 500 students.	though university officers only responded to the scene later, these incidents strained student-police relations further, prompting mass resignations of student drivers from the escort service and a protest of over 500 students.
events spread to deprived housing projects (the cits hlm) in various parts of france.	events spread to poor housing projects (the cits hlm) in various parts of france.
"legendary musician john cale was recording next to van morrison's studio, and reported ""morrison couldn't work with anybody, so finally they just shut him in the studio by himself."	"musician john cale was recording next to van morrison's studio, and reported ""morrison couldn't work with anybody, so finally they just shut him in the studio by himself."
after the communists consolidated their power in the north, they formed the national liberation front (nlf or viet cong) as a guerrilla movement in opposition to the south vietnamese dictatorship .	after the communists consolidated their power in the north, they formed the national liberation front (nlf or viet cong) as a guerrilla movement in opposition to the south vietnamese government .
obama was endorsed by the new party -- a small, left-wing party that has since dissolved.	obama was endorsed by the new party -- a small, progressive party that has since dissolved.
other spellings of the sound include in armenian, in romanian, and in albanian and assyrian .	other spellings of the sound include in armenian, in romanian, and in albanian and turoyo .
"during her imprisonment and for the twelve years she lived afterwards, she composed the book that made her famous, (literally, ""a memory of lament""), which was, however, only published in 1869. now regarded as a classic of 17th century danish literature, it explores her prison years in detailed and vivid prose, recounting her crises, confrontations, humiliations, self-discipline, growing religious faith and serenity, together with fascinating descriptions of hardships she endured or overcame."	"during her imprisonment and for the twelve years she lived afterwards, she composed the book that made her famous, (literally, ""a memory of lament""), which was, however, only published in 1869. now regarded as a classic of 17th century danish literature, it explores her prison years in detailed and vivid prose, recounting her crises, confrontations, humiliations, self-discipline, growing religious faith and serenity, together with descriptions of hardships she endured or overcame."
the ema are then left hanging up at the shrine, where the kami (spirits or gods) can read them.	the ema are then left hanging up at the shrine, where the kami (spirits or gods) supposedly read them.
this sense of mistrust is strengthened by the perception that japan is unwilling to admit to and apologize for the atrocities.	this sense of mistrust is strengthened by the belief that japan is unwilling to admit to and apologize for the atrocities.
hekmatyar opposed the 2001 american attack on the taliban and continues to fight the american-supported karzai government.	hekmatyar opposed the 2001 american attack on the afghanistan and continues to fight the american-supported karzai government.
another police mole was scheduled to take the stand next.	another police informant was scheduled to take the stand next.
the first few build a case that there is almost certainly no god, while the rest discuss religion and morality.	the first few chapters make a case that there is almost certainly no god, while the rest discuss religion and morality.
"leaving the team in the manner he did (many teammates learned about his new job via twitter instead of from kill himself ) dealt an emotional blow to the members of the team; star quarterback chandler harnish saying, ""i have a horrible taste in my mouth"" regarding kill's classless departure."	"leaving the team in the manner he did (many teammates learned about his new job via twitter instead of from kill himself ) dealt an emotional blow to the members of the team; star quarterback chandler harnish saying, ""i have a horrible taste in my mouth"" regarding kill's departure."
historian richard j. evans estimates that 5.5 to 6 million jews, representing two-thirds of the jewish population of europe, were exterminated by the nazi regime.	historian richard j. evans estimates that 5.5 to 6 million jews, representing two-thirds of the jewish population of europe, were killed by the nazi regime.
storis offers two solutions : the vision r8 server business solution is designed for the larger enterprise retailers who use their own server to host the storis system.	storis offers two products : the vision r8 server business solution is designed for the larger enterprise retailers who use their own server to host the storis system.
his appearance, friendly mutton chops (sideburn-moustache combination), and gravelly voice have made him a cult icon.	his appearance, mutton chops (sideburn-moustache combination), and gravelly voice have made him a cult icon.
he claimed six victories during the french campaign, and by the end of august his victory total had risen to 15. in october, priller claimed his 20th kill , resulting in the award of the knight's cross of the iron cross.	he claimed six victories during the french campaign, and by the end of august his victory total had risen to 15. in october, priller claimed his 20th victory , resulting in the award of the knight's cross of the iron cross.
some obvious examples of this are the use of swedish bl for blue, as compared to azure, and grn for green, as compared to vert in blazonry.	some examples of this are the use of swedish bl for blue, as compared to azure, and grn for green, as compared to vert in blazonry.
the people's republic of china (prc) is state in east asia, with a smaller proportion of its area located in central asia, and encompasses most the land occupied by the chinese civilization.	the people's republic of china (prc) is country in east asia, with a smaller proportion of its area located in central asia, and encompasses most the land occupied by the chinese civilization.
friendster is a stunning example of the small world phenomenon and social networks.	friendster is a example of the small world phenomenon and social networks.
termez (; ; ; termez, tirmiz; tirmidh) is a small city in the southernmost part of uzbekistan near the hairatan border crossing of afghanistan.	termez (; ; ; termez, tirmiz; tirmidh) is a city in the southernmost part of uzbekistan near the hairatan border crossing of afghanistan.
"a strong libertarian viewpoint proposes the existence of a natural right to ""enjoy all the fruits of one's own labor"" (previously protected, some libertarians claim, by the ninth amendment)."	"a libertarian viewpoint proposes the existence of a natural right to ""enjoy all the fruits of one's own labor"" (previously protected, some libertarians claim, by the ninth amendment)."
ellenberger is chiefly remembered for his encyclopedic study of the history of dynamic psychiatry, entitled the discovery of the unconscious, published in 1970. this 900-page work traced the origins of psychoanalysis and psychotherapy back to its 18th century prehistory in the attempts to heal disease through exorcism, as practiced by the catholic priest johann joseph gassner, and from him through the researchers of hypnotism, franz mesmer and the marquis de puysgur, to the 19th century neurologist jean-martin charcot and the giants of 20th century psychotherapy sigmund freud, alfred adler and carl jung.	ellenberger is chiefly remembered for his encyclopedic study of the history of dynamic psychiatry, entitled the discovery of the unconscious, published in 1970. this 900-page work traced the origins of psychoanalysis and psychotherapy back to its 18th century prehistory in the attempts to heal disease through exorcism, as practiced by the catholic priest johann joseph gassner, and from him through the researchers of hypnotism, franz mesmer and the marquis de puysgur, to the 19th century neurologist jean-martin charcot and the main figures of 20th century psychotherapy sigmund freud, alfred adler and carl jung.
donohue has been a consistent critic of gay marriage.	donohue has been a consistent critic of same-sex marriage .
in 1793 he rose to command a grenadier company in the french revolutionary wars, being badly wounded at mont cassel, and then in 1794 he came to england with field marshal wilhelm von freytag.	in 1793 he rose to command a grenadier company in the french revolutionary wars, being badly wounded at mont cassel, and then in 1794 he went to england with field marshal wilhelm von freytag.
lots of ambivalence to new technology, unwillingness to compromise on significantly decreased range, increased cost, lack of cargo and passenger space for the environment.	lots of ambivalence to new technology, unwillingness to compromise on decreased range, increased cost, lack of cargo and passenger space for the environment.
ace of spades is also the title of a song and album by the canonical speed metal band motrhead.	ace of spades is also the title of a song and album by the speed metal band motrhead.
the cardigans country - a great fan site with lots of always up to date news, very detailed discography, lyrics database, and much more.	the cardigans country - a fan site with lots of always up to date news, very detailed discography, lyrics database, and much more.
the music and lyrics for this beautiful song were written by antoninho de souza.	the music and lyrics for this song were written by antoninho de souza.
of the more recent installments in the series final fantasy xi and final fantasy x-2 have been most frequently singled out for criticism: final fantasy xi for switching to a mmorpg format and final fantasy x-2 for its status as the first direct sequel to a previous final fantasy game and for its supposed overreliance on fan service.	of the more recent installments in the series final fantasy xi and final fantasy x-2 have been most frequently singled out for criticism: final fantasy xi for switching to a mmorpg format and final fantasy x-2 for its status as the first direct sequel to a previous final fantasy game and for its overreliance on fan service.
in 2000, the five most common self-reported ethnic groups in the state were: american (17.3%), african american (16.4%), irish (9.3%), english (9.1%), and german (8.3%).	in 2000, the five most common self-reported ethnic groups in the state were: redneck (17.3%), african american (16.4%), irish (9.3%), english (9.1%), and german (8.3%).
the trials of saddam hussein, the former dictator of iraq, are being held under the iraqi special tribunal.	the trials of saddam hussein, the former president of iraq, are being held under the iraqi special tribunal.
eventually, reports gillmore, the pracitioners of this reprehensible scam were discovered and court-martialled, after which it ceased.	eventually, reports gillmore, the pracitioners of this scam were discovered and court-martialled, after which it ceased.
the roman catholic church, as well as a roman catholic lay fraternal organization, the knights of columbus, staunchly supported the measure.	the roman catholic church, as well as a roman catholic lay fraternal organization, the knights of columbus, supported the measure.
jackson also dated comedienne chelsea handler and singer ciara.	jackson also dated comedian chelsea handler and singer ciara.
"it must be noted however that nicholas now expresses similar elation at home wickets with his new australian paymasters , for example he ""couldn't see"" in his words, that australian batsman brett lee was lbw to english spinner monty panesar in the 2006-07 ashes, even though replays showed to be ""plum""."	"it must be noted however that nicholas now expresses similar elation at home wickets with his new australian employers , for example he ""couldn't see"" in his words, that australian batsman brett lee was lbw to english spinner monty panesar in the 2006-07 ashes, even though replays showed to be ""plum""."
men who opt out of military service must often perform alternative service, such as zivildienst in austria and switzerland, whereas women do not have even these obligations.	men who opt out of military service must often perform alternative service, such as zivildienst in austria and switzerland, whereas women do not have these obligations.
the series went to seven games, with carolina unfortunately defeating edmonton 3-1 in game 7 to claim the cup.	the series went to seven games, with carolina defeating edmonton 3-1 in game 7 to claim the cup.
naturism is a general reference to a cultural and political movement practicing, advocating and defending social nudity in private and public spaces.	social nudity is a general reference to a cultural and political movement practicing, advocating and defending social nudity in private and public spaces.
however, the swedes were beaten by the dominant canadian squad in the gold medal match and settled for the silver medal overall.	however, the swedes were beaten by the canadian squad in the gold medal match and settled for the silver medal overall.
one judge scored the fight a 114114 draw, wioth the remaining two judges scoring the fight 116113 and 116112 in favour of povetkin.	one judge scored the fight a 114114 draw, whilst the remaining two judges scoring the fight 116113 and 116112 in favour of povetkin.
non-navajo ethnologists speculate they moved into what would become the american southwest sometime after 1000 ad.	non-navajo ethnologists believe they moved into what would become the american southwest sometime after 1000 ad.
"a recent genetic piece of research from 2007 contrasting european populations and other continental populations from asia and africa also claims: ""the spanish and basque groups are the furthest away from other continental groups, which is consistent with the suggestions that the iberian peninsula holds the most ancient european genetic ancestry""."	"a recent genetic piece of research from 2007 contrasting european populations and other populations from asia and africa also claims: ""the spanish and basque groups are the furthest away from other continental groups, which is consistent with the suggestions that the iberian peninsula holds the most ancient european genetic ancestry""."
in 1913, john m. robertson published a devastating deconstruction of baconian theories that shakespeare must have had detailed knowledge of the law.	in 1913, john m. robertson published a deconstruction of baconian theories that shakespeare must have had detailed knowledge of the law.
"after a rough start due to what was perceived by the british press as undiplomatic comments about the readiness of the 2012 summer olympics, romney gained some positive publicity with public support from israeli prime minister (and former bcg colleague) benjamin netanyahu, though he offended palestinians with statements that israel enjoyed greater economic success due to ""culture""."	"after a rough start due to what was perceived by the british press as undiplomatic comments about the readiness of the 2012 summer olympics, romney gained some positive publicity with public support from israeli prime minister (and former bcg colleague) benjamin netanyahu, though he was criticized by some palestinians with statements that israel enjoyed greater economic success due to ""culture""."
barcelona is the capital, most populous city of the nation of catalonia and the second largest city in spain, with a population of 1,615,908 in 2008. it is the 11th-most populous municipality in the european union and sixth-most populous urban area in the european union after paris, london, rhine-ruhr area, madrid and milan with the population 4,185,000.	barcelona is the capital, most populous city of the autonomous community of catalonia and the second largest city in spain, with a population of 1,615,908 in 2008. it is the 11th-most populous municipality in the european union and sixth-most populous urban area in the european union after paris, london, rhine-ruhr area, madrid and milan with the population 4,185,000.
he has been referred to as a conspiracy theorist by mainstream western media outlets,	he has been referred to as a conspiracy theorist by mainstream media outlets,
"he is remembered for his controversial 1968 ""rivers of blood"" speech in opposition to mass commonwealth immigration to britain; this resulted in him being quickly sacked from the shadow cabinet."	"he is remembered for his controversial 1968 ""rivers of blood"" speech in opposition to mass commonwealth immigration to britain; this resulted in him being sacked from the shadow cabinet."
"the university traces its historical origins to 1853, and has operated continuously on its present gainesville campus since september 1906. it is regarded as a ""public ivy"" university—a distinguished category of the top public universities in the united states."	"the university traces its historical origins to 1853, and has operated continuously on its present gainesville campus since september 1906. it is regarded as a ""public ivy"" university—a category of the top public universities in the united states."
the linux-libre kernels are used in gnu/ linux distributions such as gnewsense, trisquel and blag, all of which are recommended by the free software foundation and the gnu project.	the linux-libre kernels are used in linux distributions such as gnewsense, trisquel and blag, all of which are recommended by the free software foundation and the gnu project.
born in newport, monmouthshire, he is a founding member of the very first youth orchestra: the national youth orchestra of wales.	born in newport, monmouthshire, he is a founding member of the first youth orchestra: the national youth orchestra of wales.
she is famous for her popular roles as dr.riddhima gupta in dill mill gayye and pia dobrial in pyaar kii ye ek kahaani.	she is known for her popular roles as dr.riddhima gupta in dill mill gayye and pia dobrial in pyaar kii ye ek kahaani.
ravenna enjoyed a period of peace, during which time the christian religion was favoured by the imperial court, and the city gained some of its most famous monuments, including the orthodox baptistery, the so-called mausoleum of galla placidia (she was not really buried there), and san giovanni evangelista.	ravenna enjoyed a period of peace, during which time the christian religion was favoured by the imperial court, and the city gained some of its most famous monuments, including the orthodox baptistery, the misnamed mausoleum of galla placidia (she was not really buried there), and san giovanni evangelista.
farrell and dolfi are veterans of the seminal washington d.c. punk band black market baby, while ricche was a founding member of d.c. pop-punk band the intentions.	farrell and dolfi are veterans of the washington d.c. punk band black market baby, while ricche was a founding member of d.c. pop-punk band the intentions.
thousands of anti-qaddafi protesters in benghazi, february 2011	couple of hundred of anti-qaddafi protesters in benghazi, february 2011
whaling is the hunting of whales for meat, oil, blubber, and purportedly scientific research.	whaling is the hunting of whales for meat, oil, blubber, and scientific research.
the official formation took place a shortly after that, in kitee in july of 1996. he knew turunen because she was gaining notoriety around his school for her vocal talents .	the official formation took place a shortly after that, in kitee in july of 1996. he knew turunen because she was gaining notoriety around his school for her vocal abilities .
hindu society is divided into several thousands of caste and sub-caste.	india n society is divided into several thousands of caste and sub-caste.
benito mussolini, the fascist dictator of italy, had long held a desire for an italian empire, reminiscent of the roman empire, to rule over the mediterranean.	benito mussolini, the fascist leader of italy, had long held a desire for an italian empire, reminiscent of the roman empire, to rule over the mediterranean.
over 20,000 rabbits were used for animal testing the uk in 2004. albino rabbits are notoriously used in eye irritancy tests because they have less tear flow than other animals, and in skin irritancy tests.	over 20,000 rabbits were used for animal testing the uk in 2004. albino rabbits are used in eye irritancy tests because they have less tear flow than other animals, and in skin irritancy tests.
returning to the u.s.a. with miss nightingales warmest wishes, linda richards did great pioneer work founding and superintending nurse training schools across the nation.	returning to the u.s.a. with miss nightingales warmest wishes, linda richards did pioneer work founding and superintending nurse training schools across the nation.
leslie marchand, one of byron's biographers, controversially theorises that lord grey's advances prompted byron's later sexual liaisons with young men at harrow and cambridge.	leslie marchand, one of byron's biographers, theorises that lord grey's advances prompted byron's later sexual liaisons with young men at harrow and cambridge.
following australia's heartbreaking loss to the english in the world cup, gregan led the wallabies on a massive winning campaign during the 2004 season.	following australia's loss to the english in the world cup, gregan led the wallabies on a massive winning campaign during the 2004 season.
to date, only 21 countries have officially recognized the massacres of armenians committed by ottoman empire between 1915-1923 as genocide.	to date, 21 countries have officially recognized the massacres of armenians committed by ottoman empire between 1915-1923 as genocide.
chaunt wayans (born 1982) is an american actress, comedienne , writer and editor.	chaunt wayans (born 1982) is an american actress, comedian , writer and editor.
while, for the mexicans, santa anna's victory hereand later execution of pirates at the goliad massacre under the tornel decreegalvanized support for the unification of mexican states under a centralist republic.	while, for the mexicans, santa anna's victory hereand later execution of captives at the goliad massacre under the tornel decreegalvanized support for the unification of mexican states under a centralist republic.
and he noted a career tragically cut short: 'through his tragic and untimely death dil ireann and irish public life have suffered a grievous loss.	and he noted a career cut short: 'through his tragic and untimely death dil ireann and irish public life have suffered a grievous loss.
these claims were all disputed by planned parenthood.	these findings were all disputed by planned parenthood.
"the hoosier hot shots were not just a comical music act, they were the inspiration for a musical genre that thrived during the '30s, '40s and, thanks to latter-day proponents like ""weird al"" yankovic and john lithgow (who recorded a terrific cover of ""from the indies to the andes in his undies"" as well as ""i like bananas because they have no bones""), can still be heard today."	"the hoosier hot shots were not just a comical music act, they were the inspiration for a musical genre that thrived during the '30s, '40s and, thanks to latter-day proponents like ""weird al"" yankovic and john lithgow (who recorded a cover of ""from the indies to the andes in his undies"" as well as ""i like bananas because they have no bones""), can still be heard today."
he subsequently joined the garda siochana and was murdered by the ira.	he subsequently joined the garda siochana and was killed by the ira.
one of the 11 panel members of the 9/11 commission, richard ben-veniste , and clinton appointed former counter-terrorism advisor richard clarke (previously an appointee of george h. w. bush, and the author of several books attacking the george w. bush administration ) have also come forward to claim that the berger scene is fiction based on their claim:	one of the 11 panel members of the 9/11 commission, richard ben-veniste , and clinton appointed former counter-terrorism advisor richard clarke (previously an appointee of george h. w. bush, and the author of several books critiquing the george w. bush administration ) have also come forward to claim that the berger scene is fiction based on their claim:
laura jeanne reese witherspoon (born march 22, 1976) is an american actress who has established herself as one of the highest-paid hollywood actresses in recent years.	laura jeanne reese witherspoon (born march 22, 1976) is an american actor who has established herself as one of the highest-paid hollywood actresses in recent years.
cindy sheehan speaks at a peace protest outside of fort bragg, north carolina on march 19, 2005.	cindy sheehan speaks at a protest outside of fort bragg, north carolina on march 19, 2005.
the band is heavily influenced by groups such as queen, the beatles, oasis, the rolling stones, the who, the easybeats, ac/dc, the faces, the kinks, and t. rex.	the band is influenced by groups such as queen, the beatles, oasis, the rolling stones, the who, the easybeats, ac/dc, the faces, the kinks, and t. rex.
the early christians were noted for their evangelizing work .	the early christians were noted for their evangelizing.
before world war ii all hasidic rabbis, as well as many other prominent orthodox leaders (including rabbi joel's father, rabbi chananyah yom tov lipa), believed that god had promised to return the jewish people to the land of israel by means of the actions of the jewish messiah, and that any activity on behalf of the jews themselves to create or instigate this redemption would be punished.	before world war ii all hasidic rabbis, as well as almost all other prominent orthodox leaders (including rabbi joel's father, rabbi chananyah yom tov lipa), believed that god had promised to return the jewish people to the land of israel by means of the actions of the jewish messiah, and that any activity on behalf of the jews themselves to create or instigate this redemption would be punished.
there is currently no support for digital restrictions management.	there is currently no support for digital rights management.
sharapova won the match 6-2 6-0 in just 63 minutes to set up a mouth-watering quarter-final match with world number one justine henin.	sharapova won the match 6-2 6-0 in just 63 minutes to set up a quarter-final match with world number one justine henin.
"golduck's name is probably a portmanteau, derived from ""gol,"" perhaps a shortening of the word ""goliath,"" and duck."	"golduck's name is a portmanteau, derived from ""gol,"" perhaps a shortening of the word ""goliath,"" and duck."
cabbage patch kids were parodied by the grotesque garbage pail kids trading cards.	cabbage patch kids were parodied by the garbage pail kids trading cards.
1970), bassist; member of grammy-nominated extreme metal band, cradle of filth.	1970), bassist; member of extreme metal band, cradle of filth.
that unfortunately as of 17:00 local time have been reached by the raging fire.	that as of 17:00 local time have been reached by the raging fire.
the incandescent lamp is still widely used in domestic applications, and is the basis of most portable lighting, such as table lamps, some car headlamps and electric flashlights.	the incandescent lamp is widely used in domestic applications, and is the basis of most portable lighting, such as table lamps, some car headlamps and electric flashlights.
in the israeli daily liberal newspaper haaretz on december 12, 2006, israeli historian and author tom segev observes:	in the israeli daily newspaper haaretz on december 12, 2006, israeli historian and author tom segev observes:
on november 17, 2012, barkley was violently sacked from behind from ucla's anthony barr during the closing minutes of the ucla-usc rivalry game.	on november 17, 2012, barkley was sacked from behind from ucla's anthony barr during the closing minutes of the ucla-usc rivalry game.
the honor of firing the first american artillery round in world war i went to battery c, 6th fa battalion (later the 2d battalion, 6th artillery, 3d armored division), on october 23, 1917. although the war seemed to have settled down to stabilized trench fighting, general john j. pershing wisely insisted that american troops be trained in open warfare.	the honor of firing the first american artillery round in world war i went to battery c, 6th fa battalion (later the 2d battalion, 6th artillery, 3d armored division), on october 23, 1917. although the war seemed to have settled down to stabilized trench fighting, general john j. pershing insisted that american troops be trained in open warfare.
although they could not hold the city, the 24th infantry division achieved a strategic victory by delaying the north koreans, providing time for other american divisions to establish a defensive perimeter around pusan further south.	although they could not hold the city, the 24th infantry division achieved a strategic advantage by delaying the north koreans, providing time for other american divisions to establish a defensive perimeter around pusan further south.
st. mary's has only had four (permanent) headteachers in its near 50 year history.	st. mary's has had four (permanent) headteachers in its near 50 year history.
phillips' vehement criticisms of liberal jews who disagree with her positions on israel has been condemned by jewish writers such as jonathan freedland, alan dershowitz, and rabbi david goldberg as well as the non-jewish johann hari.	phillips' criticisms of liberal jews who disagree with her positions on israel has been condemned by jewish writers such as jonathan freedland, alan dershowitz, and rabbi david goldberg as well as the non-jewish johann hari.
"near the basilica on the banks of the ebro are located the city hall, the lonja (old currency exchange), la seo (literally ""the see"" in the aragonese language) or cathedral of san salvador, a magnificent church built over the main mosque (partially preserved in the 11th-century north wall of the parroquieta), with romanesque apses from 12th century; inside, the imposing hallenkirche from the 15th to 16th centuries, the baroque tower, and finally, with its famous museum of tapestries near the roman ruins of forum and port city wall."	"near the basilica on the banks of the ebro are located the city hall, the lonja (old currency exchange), la seo (literally ""the see"" in the aragonese language) or cathedral of san salvador, a church built over the main mosque (partially preserved in the 11th-century north wall of the parroquieta), with romanesque apses from 12th century; inside, the imposing hallenkirche from the 15th to 16th centuries, the baroque tower, and finally, with its famous museum of tapestries near the roman ruins of forum and port city wall."
a little further west, the west coast main line railway and the a500 road run in parallel, forming a distinct boundary between burslem and the abutting middle-class town of newcastle-under-lyme.	a little further west, the west coast main line railway and the a500 road run in parallel, forming a distinct boundary between burslem and the abutting town of newcastle-under-lyme.
as president, reagan implemented bold new political and economic initiatives.	as president, reagan implemented new political and economic initiatives.
limehouse was destroyed during the blitz of london by the nazi luftwaffe during the second world war.	limehouse was destroyed during the blitz of london by the german luftwaffe during the second world war.
"the legendary horseshoe tavern (known as the horseshoe or the 'shoe to toronto locals) is a concert venue located at 370 queen street west (northeast corner of queen at spadina) in downtown toronto, and has been in operation since 1947. owned by ""jc"", the venue is a significant part of canadian musical lore."	"the horseshoe tavern (known as the horseshoe or the 'shoe to toronto locals) is a concert venue located at 370 queen street west (northeast corner of queen at spadina) in downtown toronto, and has been in operation since 1947. owned by ""jc"", the venue is a significant part of canadian musical lore."
"the book is licensed under the following idiosyncratic terms: ""excluding all corporations, the text from this book may be reproduced without permission in any form and quantity, by any means necessary."""	"the book is licensed under the following terms: ""excluding all corporations, the text from this book may be reproduced without permission in any form and quantity, by any means necessary."""
as a junior, he averaged just 8 points and 2 rebounds per game.	as a junior, he averaged 8 points and 2 rebounds per game.
alan stuart franken (born may 21, 1951) is a comedian, author, screenwriter, political commentator, and radio host, noted for his ultra liberal politics.	alan stuart franken (born may 21, 1951) is a comedian, author, screenwriter, political commentator, and radio host, noted for his liberal politics.
british tabloids and english hooligans joined their efforts in harassing swiss referee urs meier after the english lost in the euro 2004 quarter-final where meier wrongfully disallowed an english goal, which would have won the match, for a foul on the goalkeeper.	british tabloids and english hooligans joined their efforts in harassing swiss referee urs meier after the english lost in the euro 2004 quarter-final where meier disallowed an english goal, which would have won the match, for a foul on the goalkeeper.
in this case, the aggressive strategy is far better.	in this case, the aggressive strategy is better.
among 12 other men, he was inducted into the international hockey hall of fame in 1945.	among 12 other men, he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1945.
the merger symbolizes the latest chapter in the natural evolution of conservatism in canada, as the conservative party, which historically was founded by united empire loyalists and represented their values, was vehemently opposed to free trade and further integration with the united states, touting instead to model canadian political institutions after british ones, and was ispired by birtish socialism - moved under brian mulroney at the helm to market economy and a landmark historic free-trade deal with america - now espouses pro-american views, aspires to emaulate american capitalism, smaller government involvement in the economy and the market and more grassroot-oriented jeffersonian democratic reform.	the merger symbolizes the latest chapter in the evolution of conservatism in canada, as the conservative party, which historically was founded by united empire loyalists and represented their values, was vehemently opposed to free trade and further integration with the united states, touting instead to model canadian political institutions after british ones, and was ispired by birtish socialism - moved under brian mulroney at the helm to market economy and a landmark historic free-trade deal with america - now espouses pro-american views, aspires to emaulate american capitalism, smaller government involvement in the economy and the market and more grassroot-oriented jeffersonian democratic reform.
"cartoon: british politicians are forced to endure the stink of henry campbell-bannerman's ""cigar"" of irish home rule."	"cartoon: british politicians are forced to endure the smell of henry campbell-bannerman's ""cigar"" of irish home rule."
gent became a u.s. citizen and married the daughter of new york governor george clinton.	gent became a u.s. citizen and married cornelia tappan clinton, daughter of new york governor george clinton.
it was axed after one series.	it was cancelled after one series.
the movie is based on the popular mary katherine gallagher sketches that have appeared on the show.	the movie is based on the mary katherine gallagher sketches that have appeared on the show.
(august 16, 1913 – march 9, 1992) (hebrew: ) was a polish-jewish head of the zionist terrorist underground group the irgun, nobel peace prize laureate and the first likud prime minister of israel.	(august 16, 1913 – march 9, 1992) (hebrew: ) was a polish-jewish head of the zionist underground group the irgun, nobel peace prize laureate and the first likud prime minister of israel.
kimball international, inc. is a preeminent manufacturer of furniture and electronic assemblies, serving customers around the world.	kimball international, inc. is a manufacturer of furniture and electronic assemblies, serving customers around the world.
stephen fry has confessed that during his childhood, he once typed out the novel in its entirety on a remington typewriter.	stephen fry has said that during his childhood, he once typed out the novel in its entirety on a remington typewriter.
this was the fifth and last release featuring this classic line-up.	this was the fifth and last release featuring this line-up.
he qualified as a barrister and began to lecture in law in 1968. in 1974 he acted as legal adviser to the ulster workers' council during the paramilitary-controlled ulster workers' strike, during which unionist paramilitaries intimidated thousands of utility workers.	he qualified as a barrister and began to lecture in law in 1968. in 1974 he acted as legal adviser to the ulster workers' council during the paramilitary-controlled ulster workers' strike, during which loyalist paramilitaries intimidated thousands of utility workers.
in accordance with the terms of the deed, the natural beauty of the area has been preserved as much as possible.	in accordance with the terms of the deed, the natural environment of the area has been preserved as much as possible.
one main cause of poverty in the area was containerisation at the nearby liverpool docks, destroying thousands of waterfront-type jobs which had been associated with the city of liverpool for generations.	one main cause of poverty in the area was containerisation at the nearby liverpool docks, ending thousands of waterfront-type jobs which had been associated with the city of liverpool for generations.
"in 2014, a man contacted bastian obermayer, a reporter working for german newspaper sddeutsche zeitung with the message ""hello."	"in 2014, a person contacted bastian obermayer, a reporter working for german newspaper sddeutsche zeitung with the message ""hello."
"on the 17th november 2001, ricky and steve (despite karl's protests) filled the show with cheap sexual innuendos, in which they used the term ""cock"" multiple times."	"on the 17th november 2001, ricky and steve (despite karl's protests) filled the show with sexual innuendos, in which they used the term ""cock"" multiple times."
order is not good unless it brings this to all; neither is randomness and total freedom desirable if it does not bring such goos .	order is not good unless it brings this to all; neither is randomness and total freedom desirable if it does not bring such good .
notable schools and sixth form colleges	schools and sixth form colleges
winston and his sister evelyn the genius inventor behind devtech technology propose a publicity stunt to restore public trust in supheroes.	winston and his sister evelyn the inventor behind devtech technology propose a publicity stunt to restore public trust in supheroes.
he wears black clothing and speaks english proficiently, but with a slight oriental accent.	he wears black clothing and speaks english proficiently, but with a slight chinese accent.
at the trial in november 2006 in germany, gembe was sentenced only to two years' probation.	at the trial in november 2006 in germany, gembe was sentenced to two years' probation.
lednica gatherings were initiated in 1997 by the famous dominican friar jan gra.	lednica gatherings were initiated in 1997 by the pozna-based dominican friar jan gra.
aflaq's so-called conversion is considered by his family as a tool used by saddam to disassociate ba'athism with christianity.	aflaq's alleged conversion is considered by his family as a tool used by saddam to disassociate ba'athism with christianity.
but numerous other blasphemies were revealed as well, including defecation on another crucifix, singing impious songs and spitting on religious images.	but numerous other blasphemies were alleged as well, including defecation on another crucifix, singing impious songs and spitting on religious images.
she has spoken in defence of kannadigas, regarding karnataka's position in interstate water disputes and against piracy of the kannada film industry's works.	she has spoken in defence of kannadigas, regarding karnataka's position in interstate water disputes and against infringement of the kannada film industry's works.
illegal overthrow of the kingdom of hawaii	overthrow of the kingdom of hawaii
tensions had been high within the crowd, as earlier seven people in attendance died when terrorist s fired mortars into the crowd.	tensions had been high within the crowd, as earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgent s fired mortars into the crowd.
his system correctly saw the moon as orbiting earth, and the planets as orbiting the sun, but erroneously considered the sun to be orbiting the earth.	his system correctly saw the moon as orbiting earth, and the planets as orbiting the sun, but considered the sun to be orbiting the earth.
susan sarandon (born susan abigail tomalin; october 4, 1946) is an academy award winning american actress .	susan sarandon (born susan abigail tomalin; october 4, 1946) is an academy award winning american actor .
on november 9, 2012, general petraeus resigned from his position as director of the cia, citing an extramarital affair that was purportedly discovered in the course of an fbi investigation.	on november 9, 2012, general petraeus resigned from his position as director of the cia, citing an extramarital affair that was reportedly discovered in the course of an fbi investigation.
"a pibroch that is considered to be one of the oldest in the repertoire appears in the campbell canntaireachd with the title ""chumbh craoibh na teidbh"" which translates as ""lament for the tree of strings,"" a possible poetic reference to the robust wire-strung clarsach harp."	"a pibroch that is considered to be one of the oldest in the repertoire appears in the campbell canntaireachd with the title ""chumbh craoibh na teidbh"" which translates as ""lament for the tree of strings,"" a possible poetic reference to the wire-strung clarsach harp."
italian socialist party (psi, partito socialista italiano) - democratic socialist	italian socialist party (psi, partito socialista italiano) - socialist
the executioner was mario tern, a sergeant in the bolivian army who had drawn a short straw and was allowed to shoot guevara.	the executioner was mario tern, a sergeant in the bolivian army who had drawn a short straw and was designated to shoot guevara.
during the newcastle game, mido was subject to rascist abuse from newcastle supporters, which the fa is to investigate.	during the newcastle game, mido was subject to abuse from newcastle supporters, which the fa is to investigate.
"the university is consistently ranked amongst the leading universities in australia and is the only australian university ever to have been awarded the prestigious university of the year award in two consecutive years by the good universities guides - in 1999/2000 for ""outstanding research and development partnerships"" (joint winner) and 2000/2001 for ""preparing graduates for the e-world"" (joint winner)."	"the university is consistently ranked amongst the leading universities in australia and is the only australian university ever to have been awarded the university of the year award in two consecutive years by the good universities guides - in 1999/2000 for ""outstanding research and development partnerships"" (joint winner) and 2000/2001 for ""preparing graduates for the e-world"" (joint winner)."
there may be a drive in humans as in many non-human animals to engage in exogamy (outbreeding) because procreating with individuals who are more closely related means any children will be more likely to suffer from genetic defects caused by inbreeding.	there may be a drive in humans as in many animals to engage in exogamy (outbreeding) because procreating with individuals who are more closely related means any children will be more likely to suffer from genetic defects caused by inbreeding.
samuel albert levine (january 1, 1891 march 31, 1966) was an influential american cardiologist.	samuel albert levine (january 1, 1891 march 31, 1966) was an american cardiologist.
the mo'nique show is an american talk show hosted by comedienne actress mo'nique.	the mo'nique show is an american talk show hosted by comedian actress mo'nique.
on the square is a fascinating folklore museum housing all sorts of memorabilia retelling the islands' rural history.	on the square is a folklore museum housing all sorts of memorabilia retelling the islands' rural history.
introduced on april 28, 2003, the store, with generous restrictions on the uses of songs, has since been the dominant online music service, helping the sale of ipods and proving the viability of online music sale.	introduced on april 28, 2003, the store, with drm restrictions on the uses of songs, has since been the dominant online music service, helping the sale of ipods and proving the viability of online music sale.
however, included in the memo were real concerns expressed regarding iraq's wmd programs:	however, included in the memo were concerns expressed regarding iraq's wmd programs:
on november 5 1996 microsoft stupidly announced the release of a beta version of internet explorer version 3.0 for macintosh.	on november 5 1996 microsoft announced the release of a beta version of internet explorer version 3.0 for macintosh.
in the ongoing operation mountain fury, nato forces claim to kill as many as 150 taliban panzys in afghanistan's paktika province.	in the ongoing operation mountain fury, nato forces claim to kill as many as 150 taliban militants in afghanistan's paktika province.
on 8 december 2010, a falcon 9 rocket lifted off from cape canaveral in florida, carrying an unmanned spacex dragon on cots demo flight 1. the launch was a success, and the dragon cleanly separated from the falcon approximately 10 minutes after launch.	on 8 december 2010, a falcon 9 rocket lifted off from cape canaveral in florida, carrying an uncrewed spacex dragon on cots demo flight 1. the launch was a success, and the dragon cleanly separated from the falcon approximately 10 minutes after launch.
at first, rodrguez zapatero claimed that he would be constructive and would not try to damage the government.	at first, rodrguez zapatero declared that he would be constructive and would not try to damage the government.
opponents questioned the validity of the march, since many attendants appear to have been brought to the march by lpez obrador's support team.	opponents questioned the validity of the march, since some attendants appear to have been brought to the march by lpez obrador's support team.
voice actor phil hartman was tragically killed by his wife in a murder-suicide in 1998.	voice actor phil hartman was killed by his wife in a murder-suicide in 1998.
"in later rabbinical exegesis the concept of ""devoted thing"" is also used for, herem, excommunication, or matnat herem, the devotion of property to a kohen (jewish priest)."	"in rabbinical exegesis the concept of ""devoted thing"" is also used for, herem, excommunication, or matnat herem, the devotion of property to a kohen (jewish priest)."
he is viewed by many of lebanon's intellectuals to be corrupt, but by most of his uneducated supporters he is represented as a hero.	he is viewed by many of lebanon's intellectuals to be corrupt, but by most of his supporters he is represented as a hero.
the tamper-resistant, triple-sealed safety containers were swiftly placed on the shelves of retailers 10 weeks after the withdrawal, and other manufacturers followed suit.	the tamper-resistant, triple-sealed safety containers were placed on the shelves of retailers 10 weeks after the withdrawal, and other manufacturers followed suit.
shortly after the cancellation was announced, however, wwlp, wgby and westfield state college announced a unique solution to keep the program on the air.	shortly after the cancellation was announced, however, wwlp, wgby and westfield state college announced a solution to keep the program on the air.
following smith's martyrdom by a mob in carthage, illinois, some prominent members of the church claimed to be smith's legitimate successor resulting in a succession crisis, in which the majority of church members followed brigham young's leadership; others followed sidney rigdon.	following smith's death by a mob in carthage, illinois, some prominent members of the church claimed to be smith's legitimate successor resulting in a succession crisis, in which the majority of church members followed brigham young's leadership; others followed sidney rigdon.
nonetheless, according to yang, yue fei is usually identified as the creator because of his considerable understanding of the art (as shown in the work the ten theses of xingyiquan, credited to yue) and his legendary status as a chinese war hero.	nonetheless, according to yang, yue fei is usually identified as the creator because of his considerable understanding of the art (as shown in the work the ten theses of xingyiquan, credited to yue) and his cultural status as a chinese war hero.
"amnesty, it asserted, was serving as ""a propaganda tool for hamas and other terror groups."	"amnesty, it asserted , was serving as ""a propaganda tool for hamas and other groups."
all through his career (which tragically ended with his death in a house fire in 1968) perkins used esquires in blonde, white, black, red and sunburst colors.	all through his career (which ended with his death in a house fire in 1968) perkins used esquires in blonde, white, black, red and sunburst colors.
short reprised his role as ed grimley in a saturday night live parody music video of drake's hotline bling in november 2015 on the highly-controversial season 41 episode hosted by then-presidential candidate donald trump.	short reprised his role as ed grimley in a saturday night live parody music video of drake's hotline bling in november 2015 on the season 41 episode hosted by then-presidential candidate donald trump.
the channel was launched during chinese new year festive month on 1 february 2015. it broadcasts in chinese languages and provides content such as documentaries, travelogues, musical programs and variety shows from mainland china, taiwan and singapore.	the channel was launched during chinese new year festive month on 1 february 2015. it broadcasts in chinese and provides content such as documentaries, travelogues, musical programs and variety shows from mainland china, taiwan and singapore.
ruch odbudowy polski (movement for the reconstruction of poland) is a small eurosceptic political party in poland.	ruch odbudowy polski (movement for the reconstruction of poland) is a eurosceptic political party in poland.
their businesses have been accused of aggressive tax avoidance, by placing assets under ownership of companies registered abroad and controlled through trusts.	their businesses have been accused of tax avoidance, by placing assets under ownership of companies registered abroad and controlled through trusts.
the opera was written in 1728 by john gay, and the music was probably arranged by johann christoph pepusch (the overture, based on two of the songs in act ii is written by him and so it is assumed that the bass lines of the airs are by him, although there is actually no external evidence that this is necessarily the case).	the work was written in 1728 by john gay, and the music was probably arranged by johann christoph pepusch (the overture, based on two of the songs in act ii is written by him and so it is assumed that the bass lines of the airs are by him, although there is actually no external evidence that this is necessarily the case).
mouth to mouth - this involves the rescuer making a seal between their mouth and the patient's mouth and 'blowing', to pass air into the patient's body	mouth to mouth - this involves the rescuer making a seal between his or her mouth and the patient's mouth and 'blowing', to pass air into the patient's body
biblical criticism is a form of historical criticism that seeks to analyze the holy bible through asking certain questions of the text, such as; who wrote it, when was it written, to whom was it written, why was it written, what was the historical, geographical and cultural setting of the text, how well preserved is the original text, how unified is the text, what sources were used by the author, how was the text transmitted over time, what is the text's genre and from what sociological setting is it derived, when and how did it come to become part of the bible?	biblical criticism is a form of historical criticism that seeks to analyze the bible through asking certain questions of the text, such as; who wrote it, when was it written, to whom was it written, why was it written, what was the historical, geographical and cultural setting of the text, how well preserved is the original text, how unified is the text, what sources were used by the author, how was the text transmitted over time, what is the text's genre and from what sociological setting is it derived, when and how did it come to become part of the bible?
unemployment and long term poverty have led sometimes to an uncomfortable reawakening of nationalist and neofascist sentiments.	unemployment and long term poverty have led sometimes to an uncomfortable recurrence of nationalist and neofascist sentiments.
in november of 2000, the urban land institute presented dpc with its prestigious award for excellence for rehabilitation.	in november of 2000, the urban land institute presented dpc with its award for excellence for rehabilitation.
l'anse aux meadows is the only known norse site in north america outside of greenland, represents the furthest known extent of european exploration and settlement of the new world before the voyages of christopher columbus and john cabot almost 500 years later, and is the only genuine evidence of pre-columbian contact between the new and old worlds.	l'anse aux meadows is the only known norse site in north america outside of greenland, represents the furthest known extent of european exploration and settlement of the new world before the voyages of christopher columbus and john cabot almost 500 years later, and is the only generally-accepted evidence of pre-columbian contact between the new and old worlds.
"dallas theological seminary (dts) is a bible-based graduate-level theological seminary located in dallas, texas, which has been, according to its mission statement, ""equipping godly servant-leaders for the proclamation of his word and the building up of the body of christ worldwide"" since its founding by lewis sperry chafer in 1924."	"dallas theological seminary (dts) is a conservative graduate-level theological seminary located in dallas, texas, which has been, according to its mission statement, ""equipping godly servant-leaders for the proclamation of his word and the building up of the body of christ worldwide"" since its founding by lewis sperry chafer in 1924."
this loving tribute was attended by many of his friends and fans.	this tribute was attended by many of his friends and fans.
censorship is the suppression of free speech , public communication or other information which may be considered objectionable, harmful, sensitive, politically incorrect or inconvenient as determined by governments, media outlets, authorities or other groups or institutions.	censorship is the suppression of speech, public communication or other information which may be considered objectionable, harmful, sensitive, politically incorrect or inconvenient as determined by governments, media outlets, authorities or other groups or institutions.
judd winick (born in february 12, 1970 on long island, new york) is an american comic book and comic strip writer/artist famous for his 1994 stint on mtv's the real world: san francisco, as well for his work on such comic books as green lantern, green arrow, and pedro and me, his autobiographical graphic novel about his friendship with real world castmate and aids educator pedro zamora.	judd winick (born in february 12, 1970 on long island, new york) is an american comic book and comic strip writer/artist known for his 1994 stint on mtv's the real world: san francisco, as well for his work on such comic books as green lantern, green arrow, and pedro and me, his autobiographical graphic novel about his friendship with real world castmate and aids educator pedro zamora.
the band texas lightning was created by jon flemming olsen and the graphic designer who designs all their cd covers and promotional material.	the band texas lightning was created by jon flemming olsen and the graphic designer who designs their cd covers and promotional material.
signorile was critical of the media for helping forbes publicize many aspects of his lifestyle while keeping his homosexuality a secret.	signorile was critical of the media for helping forbes publicize many aspects of his life while keeping his homosexuality a secret.
counterclaims of a conspiracy to undercut climate science	counterclaims of a campaign to undercut climate science
the hofstad network (in dutch: hofstadnetwerk or hofstadgroep) is an islamist terrorist organization of mostly young dutch muslims of mainly north african ancestry.	the hofstad network (in dutch: hofstadnetwerk or hofstadgroep) is an islamist militant organization of mostly young dutch muslims of mainly north african ancestry.
"kjellson, along with fellow enslaved members arve isdal and herbrand larsen and comedienne /voice actress laraine newman, guest-contributed to the metalocalypse holiday special ""dethmas"" as one of the klokateers."	"kjellson, along with fellow enslaved members arve isdal and herbrand larsen and comedian /voice actress laraine newman, guest-contributed to the metalocalypse holiday special ""dethmas"" as one of the klokateers."
polish government, on the other hand, tried to increase the polish presence in the occupied region.	polish government, on the other hand, tried to increase the polish presence in the vilnius region.
discussions with tcm practitioners to reduce its use have met with mixed results since some tcm doctors mistakenly see rhinoceros horn as a life-saving medicine of better quality than substitutes.	discussions with tcm practitioners to reduce its use have met with mixed results since some tcm doctors see rhinoceros horn as a life-saving medicine of better quality than substitutes.
bruce frederick joseph springsteen (born september 23, 1949) is an influential american songwriter, singer and guitarist.	bruce frederick joseph springsteen (born september 23, 1949) is an american songwriter, singer and guitarist.
his first world cup goal was in germany 2006 against ivory coast, scored a splendid free kick in minutes 23.	his first world cup goal was in germany 2006 against ivory coast, scored a free kick in minutes 23.
sadly in 1971 she was grounded and has been on display since then at planes of fame air museum in chino ca.	in 1971 she was grounded and has been on display since then at planes of fame air museum in chino ca.
loreto kirribilli is an independent, elite roman catholic, day school for girls, located in kirribilli, a lower north shore suburb of sydney, australia.	loreto kirribilli is an independent, roman catholic, day school for girls, located in kirribilli, a lower north shore suburb of sydney, australia.
hurling and gaelic football, along with camogie, ladies' gaelic football, handball and rounders, make up the self-proclaimed national sports of ireland, collectively known as gaelic games.	hurling and gaelic football, along with camogie, ladies' gaelic football, handball and rounders, make up the national sports of ireland, collectively known as gaelic games.
he favors setting a time limit on the liberation .	he favors setting a time limit on the campaign .
palestinians' active resistance to military occupation was escalated in the territory following the overwhelming election to government of the militant islamic political party hamas in 2005 and 2006. conflict increased following israel's removal of all israeli civilians and military from gaza (completed by 12 september 2005).	palestinians' active resistance to military occupation was escalated in the territory following the overwhelming election to government of the islamic political party hamas in 2005 and 2006. conflict increased following israel's removal of all israeli civilians and military from gaza (completed by 12 september 2005).
schneeflocke's art ( fan artist copying jamie's style perfectly )	schneeflocke's art ( fan artist copying jamie's style)
in may 2006, the ontario wing of cupe voted unanimously to pass a controversial resolution to support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against israel until that state recognizes the palestinian right to self-determination.	in may 2006, the ontario wing of cupe voted unanimously to pass a resolution to support the international campaign of boycott, divestment and sanctions against israel until that state recognizes the palestinian right to self-determination.
the mission is based on the real story of the jesuit reductions in south america, a period of outstanding missionary activity by the jesuits, mainly with the guarani indians.	the mission is based on the real story of the jesuit reductions in south america, a period of intensive missionary activity by the jesuits, mainly with the guarani indians.
elizabeth ramsey comedienne , singer and actress	elizabeth ramsey comedian , singer and actress
the stockholm congestion tax or the stockholm trials (in swedish: trngselskatt i stockholm or stockholmsfrsket) is a controversial traffic congestion and environmental tax that was imposed on most vehicles in stockholm, sweden during a trial period between january 3 2006 and july 31 2006. there will be a referendum in september 2006 for the residents of stockholm municipality to decide whether to implement it permanently or not.	the stockholm congestion tax or the stockholm trials (in swedish: trngselskatt i stockholm or stockholmsfrsket) is a traffic congestion and environmental tax that was imposed on most vehicles in stockholm, sweden during a trial period between january 3 2006 and july 31 2006. there will be a referendum in september 2006 for the residents of stockholm municipality to decide whether to implement it permanently or not.
this gives it an onyx appearance and makes it one of the best shells for cameos.	this gives it an onyx appearance and makes it one of the most useful shells for cameos.
but the cowles family, owners of harper's magazine, disliked the content morris published: longer articles of overtly liberal sentiment that offended reactionary advertisers.	but the cowles family, owners of harper's magazine, disliked the content morris published: longer articles of overtly liberal sentiment that offended more cautious advertisers.
"he was elected to the prestigious acm chi academy in 2008 for his ""extensive contributions to the study of hci"" and for his leading role in ""the shaping of the field""."	"he was elected to the acm chi academy in 2008 for his ""extensive contributions to the study of hci"" and for his leading role in ""the shaping of the field""."
the cease-fire line corresponds to the route of the weaponized moroccan wall (the military berm).	the cease-fire line corresponds to the route of the moroccan wall (the military berm).
the abc afterschool specials, which tackled topics such as drug use and teen sex, are an example of camp educational films; in turn, the comedy central television show strangers with candy, starring comedienne amy sedaris, was a camp spoof of the genre.	the abc afterschool specials, which tackled topics such as drug use and teen sex, are an example of camp educational films; in turn, the comedy central television show strangers with candy, starring comedian amy sedaris, was a camp spoof of the genre.
"incompetent council leader nick forbes pre-empted the outcome of the consulations process by stating that the city hall has ""no long term future""."	"council leader nick forbes pre-empted the outcome of the consulations process by stating that the city hall has ""no long term future""."
regardless , many traditional-model chapters remain among the fraternity's top chapters in academics, retention, philanthropy, and size.	however , many traditional-model chapters remain among the fraternity's top chapters in academics, retention, philanthropy, and size.
markos botsaris (, ; c. 1788 - 21 august 1823) was a leader of the souliotes who played an important role in the war of greek independence.	markos botsaris (, ; c. 1788 - 21 august 1823) was an orthodox albanian leader of the souliotes who played an important role in the war of greek independence.
the show has been surprisingly well-received by the broadsheet and mainstream press.	the show has been well-received by the broadsheet and mainstream press.
in order to spread his message, he devised peculiar systems reminiscent of mystical traditions, which he called the supreme mathematics and the supreme alphabet.	in order to spread his message, he devised systems reminiscent of mystical traditions, which he called the supreme mathematics and the supreme alphabet.
suzanne flon (19182005), french film actress and comedienne	suzanne flon (19182005), french film actress and comedian
"clouds resembling some descriptions of ""chemtrails"""	"meteorological phenomenon resembling some descriptions of ""chemtrails"""
tock is only too grateful to leave beezo and attend to his father...however, the grief for his father's passing was short-lived.	tock is only too grateful to leave beezo and attend to his father...however, the grief for his father's death was short-lived.
wilson repeatedly warned the u.s. would not tolerate unrestricted submarine warfare, in violation of international law and u.s. ideas of human rights.	wilson repeatedly warned the u.s. would not tolerate unrestricted submarine warfare, in violation of international law and u.s. of human rights.
featured in the inspirational album only selfless love.	featured in the album only selfless love.
bilbray by capturing 49% of the vote in the special election, and was sworn in on june 13, 2006 as a member of the congress, though the election was not certified until june 30, 2006. minor election irregularities in the election were alleged in a lawsuit by some voters , but it was dismissed as the u.s. house has juristiction over the matter.	bilbray by capturing 49% of the vote in the special election, and was sworn in on june 13, 2006 as a member of the congress, though the election was not certified until june 30, 2006. election irregularities in the election were alleged in a lawsuit by some voters , but it was dismissed as the u.s. house has juristiction over the matter.
sheeran revealed when hosting the bbc radio 1 breakfast show today (january 6) that shape of you was originally wrote with rihanna in mind, however he decided to keep the song for himself thinking that some of the lyrics may not fit with the barbadian superstar .	sheeran revealed when hosting the bbc radio 1 breakfast show today (january 6) that shape of you was originally wrote with rihanna in mind, however he decided to keep the song for himself thinking that some of the lyrics may not fit with the barbadian singer .
the economy of venezuela is still based on oil, although efforts have been made to develop heavy industry, e.g.	the economy of venezuela is based on oil, although efforts have been made to develop heavy industry, e.g.
"renown song writer kevin moore released a song titled ""radiologue"" on the album ""blood"" april 27, 2009. this album featured gavin harrison (of porcupine tree) on drums."	"song writer kevin moore released a song titled ""radiologue"" on the album ""blood"" april 27, 2009. this album featured gavin harrison (of porcupine tree) on drums."
it contains a superb collection of houses and mansions in the spanish colonial and mediterranean styles, most of which remain today.	it contains a collection of houses and mansions in the spanish colonial and mediterranean styles, most of which remain today.
because benzyl cyanide is a useful precursor to numerous drugs with abuse potential, many countries strictly regulate the compound.	because benzyl cyanide is a useful precursor to numerous drugs with recreational use potential, many countries strictly regulate the compound.
the main organizer of the conspiracy was macedonian bishop nathanael of ohrid, who was situated in newly created bulgarian principality at that time and instructed the rebels through correspondence with the revolutionary committee from ohrid and with some leaders of rebel bands like iliya deliya and angel tanasov.	the main organizer of the conspiracy was bulgarian bishop nathanael of ohrid, who was situated in newly created bulgarian principality at that time and instructed the rebels through correspondence with the revolutionary committee from ohrid and with some leaders of rebel bands like iliya deliya and angel tanasov.
other common divisions exist, such as between latin america and northern america, however these are not considered to be continents.	other common divisions exist, such as between latin america and anglo america, however these are not considered to be continents.
he's also a proponent of conservative family values, saying that he abstained from sex until marriage and has since remained faithful to his wife of 38 years.	he's also a proponent of family values, saying that he abstained from sex until marriage and has since remained faithful to his wife of 38 years.
the shinmin no michi also explained that the allied powers had bent on world domination for centuries, and had been quite successful as evidenced by the fact that only a few thousand europeans now ruled over 450 million asians.	the shinmin no michi also argued that the allied powers had bent on world domination for centuries, and had been quite successful as evidenced by the fact that only a few thousand europeans now ruled over 450 million asians.
centaurus a or ngc 5128 is a prominent galaxy in the constellation of centaurus.	centaurus a or ngc 5128 is a galaxy in the constellation of centaurus.
on november 27, 1975, mcwhirter was murdered by two ira terrorists , from what became known as the balcombe street gang.	on november 27, 1975, mcwhirter was murdered by two ira members (or volunteers ) , from what became known as the balcombe street gang.
the series was very popular in france, belgium and the netherlands, but unfortunately has not yet been published in english.	the series was very popular in france, belgium and the netherlands, but has not yet been published in english.
in contrast to other vmware products, it does not run atop an operating system , but instead includes its own kernel.	in contrast to other vmware products, it does not run atop a third-party operating system , but instead includes its own kernel.
parker is scheduled to battle hard-hitting france-based cameroonian carlos takam on 21 may 2016 in an ibf heavyweight title eliminator at south auckland's vodafone events centre in new zealand.	parker is scheduled to battle france-based cameroonian carlos takam on 21 may 2016 in an ibf heavyweight title eliminator at south auckland's vodafone events centre in new zealand.
the jacob sheep is a breed of primitive multihorned sheep breed, patterned with black and white spots.	the jacob sheep is a breed of multihorned sheep breed, patterned with black and white spots.
when open tennis commenced in 1968, emerson was 32 years old and won only two more majors after that point, which were doubles titles.	when open tennis commenced in 1968, emerson was 32 years old and won two more majors after that point, which were doubles titles.
ironically many of those issues (eg.	many of those issues (eg.
"the ""treasure of nimrud"" unearthed in these excavations is a wonderful collection of 613 pieces of gold jewellery and precious stones."	"the ""treasure of nimrud"" unearthed in these excavations is a collection of 613 pieces of gold jewellery and precious stones."
the concurrent versions system (cvs), also known as the concurrent versioning system, is an unreliable open-source version control system that keeps track of all work and all changes in a set of files, typically the implementation of a software project, and allows several (potentially widely-separated) developers to collaborate.	the concurrent versions system (cvs), also known as the concurrent versioning system, is an open-source version control system that keeps track of all work and all changes in a set of files, typically the implementation of a software project, and allows several (potentially widely-separated) developers to collaborate.
argentina has a rich history of world-renowned literature, including one of 20th century's most universally acclaimed writers, jorge luis borges.	argentina has a rich history of world-renowned literature, including one of 20th century's most critically acclaimed writers, jorge luis borges.
aksharmurti gunatitanand swami was born in bhadra, gujarat, india, in october 17, 1785 (on the occasion of sharad poonam).	gunatitanand swami was born in bhadra, gujarat, india, in october 17, 1785 (on the occasion of sharad poonam).
kennedy was fatally wounded by two gunshots while riding with his wife jacqueline in a presidential motorcade through dealey plaza.	kennedy was fatally wounded by gunshots while riding with his wife jacqueline in a presidential motorcade through dealey plaza.
on july 26th 2006 israeli aircraft in south lebanon accidentally dropped bombs onto un observers, killing four of them from austria, canada, china and finland.	on july 26th 2006 israeli aircraft in south lebanon dropped bombs onto un observers, killing four of them from austria, canada, china and finland.
despite current estimates of the age of the geological formations that comprise , however, the arkose sandstone which makes up the formation is comprised of grains that are many different sizes and are very jagged, and the feldspars in the rock are fresh and shiny.	despite current estimates of the age of the geological formations that comprise , however, the arkose sandstone which makes up the formation is comprised of grains that are many different sizes and are jagged, and the feldspars in the rock are fresh and shiny.
drum manor forest park is a forest in ulster , south of the sperrin mountains and west of lough neagh.	drum manor forest park is a forest in northern ireland , south of the sperrin mountains and west of lough neagh.
he resented gandhi's partiality to india's muslims and plotted the assassination with narayan apte and six others.	he resented gandhi's accommodating attitude to india's muslims and plotted the assassination with narayan apte and six others.
aztec religion was a mesoamerican pagan religion combining elements of polytheism, shamanism and animism within a framework of astronomy and calendrics.	aztec religion was a mesoamerican religion combining elements of polytheism, shamanism and animism within a framework of astronomy and calendrics.
independently of missionaries from the south, the alaskans also developed a system of hieroglyphics, which unfortunately died with its creators.	independently of missionaries from the south, the alaskans also developed a system of hieroglyphics, which , however, died with its creators.
the ruins of the chinese embassy in belgrade following the suspicious bombing of the compound by nato aircraft.	the ruins of the chinese embassy in belgrade following the accidental bombing of the compound by nato aircraft.
recipients of this prestigious award for contribution of service to the lomira community:	recipients of this award for contribution of service to the lomira community:
it is also what gives diamonds their distinctive sparkle, as diamond has an extremely high refractive index.	it is also what gives diamonds their distinctive sparkle, as diamond has an unusually high refractive index.
other commentators (including popular liberal commentator markos moulitsas zniga of daily kos) actively condemned durbin for issuing any form of apology to his critics, believing durbin to have made a mistake in making himself (rather than detention and torture concerns at guantanamo bay) the focus of media coverage.	other commentators (including liberal commentator markos moulitsas zniga of daily kos) actively condemned durbin for issuing any form of apology to his critics, believing durbin to have made a mistake in making himself (rather than detention and torture concerns at guantanamo bay) the focus of media coverage.
"barbara ""babe"" paley (july 5, 1915 july 6, 1978) was a prominent american socialite."	"barbara ""babe"" paley (july 5, 1915 july 6, 1978) was a american socialite."
stephen franks (born 1950) is a new zealand political commentator and failed politician.	stephen franks (born 1950) is a new zealand political commentator and politician.
party apologists alleged that george sams, the man who identified rackley as an informer and subsequently ordered his execution, was acting as an agent provocateur in the employment of the fbi.	party supporters alleged that george sams, the man who identified rackley as an informer and subsequently ordered his execution, was acting as an agent provocateur in the employment of the fbi.
the milk cup, which is still proudly displayed in the club's trophy cabinet.	the milk cup, which is still displayed in the club's trophy cabinet.
after aristide fled the country in a us registered plane, philippe and his army put down their guns in favor of the un peacekeeping force.	after aristide was removed from the country in a us registered plane, philippe and his army put down their guns in favor of the un peacekeeping force.
he married the successful cartoonist sally ann lasson in september 2001 in the borough of kensington and chelsea; they live in marylebone.	he married the cartoonist sally ann lasson in september 2001 in the borough of kensington and chelsea; they live in marylebone.
montalban's best-known television role was perhaps that of mr. roarke in the television series fantasy island, which he played from 1978 until 1984. for a time, the series was one of the most popular on television, and his character as well as that of his sidekick, tattoo (played by herv villechaize), became pop icons.	montalban's best-known television role was that of mr. roarke in the television series fantasy island, which he played from 1978 until 1984. for a time, the series was one of the most popular on television, and his character as well as that of his sidekick, tattoo (played by herv villechaize), became pop icons.
it has done well in tidy town competitions over the years and has a beautiful church (st. annes) and community centre.	it has done well in tidy town competitions over the years and has a church (st. annes) and community centre.
forensic and ballistic evidence supporting the lone gunman theory has been rejected by much of the u.s. public over the years.	forensic and ballistic evidence supporting the lone gunman theory has been disputed by much of the u.s. public over the years.
in mathematics and computer science, hexadecimal (also base , or hex) is a positional numeral system with a radix, or base, of 16. it uses sixteen distinct symbols, most often the symbols 0'9 to represent values zero to nine, and a, b, c, d, e, f (or alternatively a through f') to represent values ten to fifteen.	in mathematics and computer science, hexadecimal (also base , or hex) is a positional numeral system with a radix, or base, of 16. it uses sixteen distinct symbols, most often the symbols 0'9 to represent values zero to nine, and a, b, c, d, e, f (or alternatively a to f') to represent values ten to fifteen.
and reverend alan taylor praised the speech, noting that it was seen as controversial by the audience because she spoke truths that others might be unwilling to voice:	and reverend alan taylor praised the speech, claiming that it was seen as controversial by the audience because she spoke truths that others might be unwilling to voice:
tully blanchard (born january 22, 1954 in san antonio, texas) is a retired second generation legendary american professional wrestler.	tully blanchard (born january 22, 1954 in san antonio, texas) is a retired second generation american professional wrestler.
"indeed, just such a band played the song in an episode (""uso down"", by vietnam veteran jim beaver) of the american television series about the war, tour of duty, and the song is hauntingly reprised in the episode's final scene."	"indeed, just such a band played the song in an episode (""uso down"", by vietnam veteran jim beaver) of the american television series about the war, tour of duty, and the song is reprised in the episode's final scene."
the labor theories of value (ltv) are heterodox economic theories of value which argue that the value of a commodity is related to the labor needed to produce or obtain that commodity.	the labor theories of value (ltv) are economic theories of value which argue that the value of a commodity is related to the labor needed to produce or obtain that commodity.
on november 1, 1979, general alberto natusch surprisingly toppled president guevara in a bloody coup d'tat that was resisted heroically by the urban population.	on november 1, 1979, general alberto natusch surprisingly toppled president guevara in a bloody coup d'tat that was resisted by the urban population.
for the proper meaning see golden age.	for the mythological meaning see golden age.
other successful book series published recently include:	other book series published recently include:
"criticism of major's leadership reached such a pitch that he chose to resign, and be re-elected, as party leader in june 1995. by this time the ""new"" labour party was seen as a reformed and fresh alternative under the leadership of tony blair, and after eighteen years in office the conservatives lost the 1997 general election in one of the worst electoral defeats since the great reform act of 1832."	"criticism of major's leadership reached such a pitch that he chose to resign, and be re-elected, as party leader in june 1995. by this time the ""new"" labour party was seen as a reformed and fresh alternative under the leadership of tony blair, and after eighteen years in office the conservatives lost the 1997 general election in one of the largest electoral defeats since the great reform act of 1832."
in the early 80s he was part of west germany's strong men's figure skating team, which also consisted of norbert schramm and heiko fischer.	in the early 80s he was part of west germany's men's figure skating team, which also consisted of norbert schramm and heiko fischer.
jeremy shu-how lin (born august 23, 1988) is an american professional basketball player for the houston rockets of the national basketball association (nba).	jeremy shu-how lin (born august 23, 1988) is a taiwanese- american professional basketball player for the houston rockets of the national basketball association (nba).
jes battis argues that the series explored nontraditional families that were not necessarily related by blood.	jes battis asserts that the series explored nontraditional families that were not necessarily related by blood.
the 2015 european migrant crisis arose through the rising number of refugees and economic migrants, from areas such as the middle east, africa, and the balkans coming to the european union across the mediterranean sea and southeast europe, and applying for asylum.	the 2015 european migrant crisis arose through the rising number of asylum seekers and economic migrants, from areas such as the middle east, africa, and the balkans coming to the european union across the mediterranean sea and southeast europe, and applying for asylum.
she made a third appearance on the tonight show on october 19, 2005, in which she demonstrated her charming technique for selling girl scout cookies.	she made a third appearance on the tonight show on october 19, 2005, in which she demonstrated her technique for selling girl scout cookies.
"during an attempted coup in september 1966, jadid formed ""workers battalions"", inspired by the red guards of the people's republic of china, to defend the regime ."	"during an attempted coup in september 1966, jadid formed ""workers battalions"", inspired by the red guards of the people's republic of china, to defend the government ."
guaran is used as an ingredient in sodas and energy drinks and separately as a dietary supplement to promote health and/or weight loss.	guaran is used as an ingredient in soft drinks and energy drinks and separately as a dietary supplement to promote health and/or weight loss.
hw poulter & son's excellent examples of original chimneypieces, including louis xiv, xv french & english fireplaces	hw poulter & son's examples of original chimneypieces, including louis xiv, xv french & english fireplaces
a shock site is a website intended to be offensive or shocking to most viewers, containing material many people would consider frightening and/or extremely distasteful and crude, generally of a pornographic, scatological, or grotesquely violent nature.	a shock site is a website intended to be offensive or shocking to most viewers, containing material many people would consider frightening and/or extremely distasteful and crude, generally of a pornographic, scatological, or extremely violent nature.
this genocide, in which approximately six million jews were murdered methodically and with horrifying cruelty, is known as the holocaust or shoah (hebrew term).	this genocide, in which approximately six million jews were murdered methodically and with cruelty, is known as the holocaust or shoah (hebrew term).
unsurprisingly vat free mail order goods have become very popular with uk consumers and demand for vat free mail order on the uk mainland has resulted in the rapid growth of internet mail order retailers such as play.com, amazon.co.uk, thehutgroup.com and hmv.	vat free mail order goods have become very popular with uk consumers and demand for vat free mail order on the uk mainland has resulted in the rapid growth of internet mail order retailers such as play.com, amazon.co.uk, thehutgroup.com and hmv.
lake acworth is a man-made lake located southwest of the city of acworth, georgia.	lake acworth is a artificial lake located southwest of the city of acworth, georgia.
he graduated from the prestigious university of cambridge in england.	he graduated from the university of cambridge in england.
the modern standard oboe is most commonly made from grenadilla, also known as african blackwood, though some manufacturers also make oboes out of other members of the genus dalbergia, which includes cocobolo, rosewood, and violetwood ( better known as kingwood) .	the modern standard oboe is most commonly made from grenadilla, also known as african blackwood, though some manufacturers also make oboes out of other members of the genus dalbergia, which includes cocobolo, rosewood, and violetwood ( also known as kingwood).
2008present: thriller 25, king of pop and real estate troubles	2008present: thriller 25, king of pop and real estate
"although some former pows state that fonda handed over information from u.s. prisoners of war to nlf insurgents (better known in the u.s. as the ""viet cong""), these allegations have been widely dismissed as an urban myth."	"although some former pows state that fonda handed over information from u.s. prisoners of war to nlf insurgents (better known in the u.s. as the ""viet cong""), these allegations have been dismissed as an urban myth."
his popular films include ascenseur pour l'chafaud (1958), atlantic city (1981), and au revoir, les enfants (1987).	his films include ascenseur pour l'chafaud (1958), atlantic city (1981), and au revoir, les enfants (1987).
there are flights to many important destinations, both domestic and international from this airport.	there are flights to many destinations, both domestic and international from this airport.
on 2 january 2011 the novel finally became a new york times bestseller, hitting the paperback list at #25.	on 2 january 2011 the novel became a new york times bestseller, hitting the paperback list at #25.
on march 23, 1999, thanks to the halifax initiative work with members of parliament, members from all five political parties contributed to a vote which passed a private member motion on the tobin tax.	on march 23, 1999, due in part to the halifax initiative work with members of parliament, members from all five political parties contributed to a vote which passed a private member motion on the tobin tax.
the school has also been recognized by the presbyterian church (usa) and the united methodist church, both of the united states, as a good training institution for their clergy.	the school has also been recognized by the presbyterian church (usa) and the united methodist church, both of the united states, as a training institution for their clergy.
yazid ibn muawiyah ibn abu sufyan (645 - 683) (arabic: ) was the sixth muslim caliph and the second of the umayyad dynasty.	yazid ibn muawiyah ibn abu sufyan (645 - 683) (arabic: ) was the sixth sunni caliph and the second of the umayyad dynasty.
in january 2007, the district attorney of thessaloniki conveniently pressed charges against the beleaguered esphigmenou monks for embezzlement of over 150,000 euros and the estate belonging to the monastery.	in january 2007, the district attorney of thessaloniki pressed charges against the beleaguered esphigmenou monks for embezzlement of over 150,000 euros and the estate belonging to the monastery.
furthermore, in some contries they are served pastorally by ordinariates for all the byzantine rites or for all eastern uniate catholics.	furthermore, in some contries they are served pastorally by ordinariates for all the byzantine rites or for all eastern catholics.
built in the 1930s , colonial village consists of both private condos and affordable apartments for rent and is listed on the national register of historic places.	built in the 1930s , colonial village consists of both private condos and apartments for rent and is listed on the national register of historic places.
at princeton, lewis was a gifted mentor of young philosophers, and trained dozens of successful figures in the field, including several current princeton faculty members, as well as people now teaching at a number of the leading philosophy departments in the u.s. among his most prominent students are bob brandom at the university of pittsburgh, l.a. paul at the university of north carolina, cian dorr and david velleman at nyu, peter railton at michigan, and joshua greene at harvard.	at princeton, lewis was a mentor of young philosophers, and trained dozens of successful figures in the field, including several current princeton faculty members, as well as people now teaching at a number of the leading philosophy departments in the u.s. among his most prominent students are bob brandom at the university of pittsburgh, l.a. paul at the university of north carolina, cian dorr and david velleman at nyu, peter railton at michigan, and joshua greene at harvard.
in view of the nazi usurpation of germany's semi-democratic prewar weimar constitution, they made their approval of the creation of a new german state conditional on:	in view of the nazi usurpation of germany's prewar weimar constitution, they made their approval of the creation of a new german state conditional on:
madhav sadashiv golwalkar (19 february 1906  5 june 1973), popularly known as shri guruji, was the second sarsanghchalak of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.	madhav sadashiv golwalkar (19 february 1906  5 june 1973), also known as shri guruji, was the second sarsanghchalak of the rashtriya swayamsevak sangh.
main source is a canada-based hip hop, group comprised of sir scratch, k-cut, and large professor.	main source is a toronto-based hip hop, group comprised of sir scratch, k-cut, and large professor.
features seen as part of the block include picture this (which presents sketches of disney characters being drawn), dj tales (a segment featuring costumed finger puppets with twists on traditional fairy tales) and that's fresh (a segment featuring cooking tips aimed at moms , presented by celebrity chef helen cavallo).	features seen as part of the block include picture this (which presents sketches of disney characters being drawn), dj tales (a segment featuring costumed finger puppets with twists on traditional fairy tales) and that's fresh (a segment featuring cooking tips aimed at parents , presented by celebrity chef helen cavallo).
he promotes industry and business regulations that promote competition, help the economy to grow, and protect consumers.	he promotes industry and business regulations meant to promote competition, help the economy to grow, and protect consumers.
many international sources have accused svoboda of harbouring strong nazi elements in its politics.	many foreign sources have accused svoboda of harbouring strong nazi elements in its politics.
teresa di marco is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by leila birch.	teresa di marco is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by leila birch.
the rainbow, a natural phenomenon noted for its beauty and its place in the sky, has been a favorite component of art and religion throughout history.	the rainbow, a natural phenomenon noted for its design and its place in the sky, has been a favorite component of art and religion throughout history.
martin james allen (born 18 august 1965) traitor is a former football player and current manager of notts county.	martin james allen (born 18 august 1965) is a former football player and current manager of notts county.
barry clark is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera, eastenders, played by gary hailes.	barry clark is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera, eastenders, played by gary hailes.
the bus station is easily accessible via escalator from the tube station.	the bus station is accessible via escalator from the tube station.
his legacy has been overshadowed in the post-war blues era by the popularity of the musician who falsely assumed his name, rice miller, who after williamson's death went on to record many popular blues songs for chicago's checker records label and others, and toured europe several times during the 'blues revival' in the early 1960s.	his legacy has been overshadowed in the post-war blues era by the popularity of the musician who assumed his name, rice miller, who after williamson's death went on to record many popular blues songs for chicago's checker records label and others, and toured europe several times during the 'blues revival' in the early 1960s.
name of an ultrafashionable punk band from the heart of the ruhrpott, germany.	name of an punk band from the heart of the ruhrpott, germany.
in 2006, paul stoddart, former owner of the minardi f1 team, bought an interest in the team and re-christened it minardi team usa.	in 2006, paul stoddart, former owner of the minardi f1 team, bought an interest in the team and renamed it minardi team usa.
"benton is also known for an annual festival called ""tater day,"" which attracts residents from all over the jackson purchase and involves games, greasy food, and a parade."	"benton is also known for an annual festival called ""tater day,"" which attracts residents from all over the jackson purchase and involves games, deep fried food, and a parade."
(, rtgs: phonthip rotchanasunan; born: 21 december 1955) is a flamboyant thai forensic pathologist, author and human rights activist.	(, rtgs: phonthip rotchanasunan; born: 21 december 1955) is a thai forensic pathologist, author and human rights activist.
certain foods such as soy have been found to reduce estrogen levels as an alternative to hormone therapy drugs.	certain foods such as soy have been claimed to reduce estrogen levels as an alternative to hormone therapy drugs.
some manuals of style remain neutral on the subject while other style manuals explicitly reject the use of the singular they in grammar.	some manuals of style remain neutral on the subject while other style manuals explicitly reject the use of singular they in grammar.
its lead characters, dialogue , and pervasive theme song have all become iconic and the film consistently ranks near the top of lists of the greatest films in history.	its lead characters, memorable lines , and pervasive theme song have all become iconic and the film consistently ranks near the top of lists of the greatest films in history.
he is best known for his award-winning role as will truman in the american sitcom will & grace.	he is best known for his role as will truman in the american sitcom will & grace.
her claim can easily be refuted on formal grounds, since it is based on the claimed descendancy of thirteenth century holy roman emperor frederick ii and the position of seborga within the empire.	her claim can be refuted on formal grounds, since it is based on the claimed descendancy of thirteenth century holy roman emperor frederick ii and the position of seborga within the empire.
"this event will enable patrons to ""travel the world in one day"" by viewing large replicas of the worlds most fascinating landmarks such as indias taj mahal, pariss eiffel tower, mexicos chichen itza, san franciscos golden gate bridge and more."	"this event will enable patrons to ""travel the world in one day"" by viewing large replicas of the worlds most famous landmarks such as indias taj mahal, pariss eiffel tower, mexicos chichen itza, san franciscos golden gate bridge and more."
pioneering research in space begun by two previous crews aboard the international space station (iss) expanded during the expedition three mission.	research in space begun by two previous crews aboard the international space station (iss) expanded during the expedition three mission.
its contributors have discussed alleged problems with wikipedia and its parent corporation the wikimedia foundation and have sometimes provided journalists with background information on these allegations.	its contributors have discussed problems with wikipedia and its parent corporation the wikimedia foundation and have sometimes provided journalists with background information on these allegations.
peter schweizer author, political consultant, and author of the critical book and movie clinton cash	peter schweizer author, political consultant, and author of the book and movie clinton cash
nina lisandrello is an american actress, best known for her role as tess vargas in the television series beauty & the beast.	nina lisandrello is an american actress, known for her role as tess vargas in the television series beauty & the beast.
wegner worked his first career no-hitter on july 13, 2013, calling balls and strikes for tim lincecum's 148-pitch gem against the san diego padres.	wegner worked his first career no-hitter on july 13, 2013, calling balls and strikes for tim lincecum's 148-pitch performance against the san diego padres.
towards the end of world war ii, the haganah joined the liberation fight within a union called the jewish resistance movement.	towards the end of world war ii, the haganah joined the fight within a union called the jewish resistance movement.
several u.s. federal authorities led by the fbi seize the personal ad website backpage in an effort to stop its human trafficking, including that of minors.	several u.s. federal authorities led by the fbi seize the personal ad website backpage in an effort to stop alleged human trafficking, including that of minors.
unfortunately a high school student, jang bong-hwa, was killed in the exchange of gunfire.	a high school student, jang bong-hwa, was killed in the exchange of gunfire.
universal news coverage of the death of mussolini in 1945	western news coverage of the death of mussolini in 1945
faithfull appeared as empress maria-theresa in sofia coppola's 2006 biopic, marie-antoinette, in which the most affecting aspects of her performance were her beautifully spoken voice-overs.	faithfull appeared as empress maria-theresa in sofia coppola's 2006 biopic, marie-antoinette, in which the most affecting aspects of her performance were her spoken voice-overs.
romero refused to shave his distinctive mustache for the role, and it was partially visible beneath his white face makeup.	romero refused to shave his mustache for the role, and it was partially visible beneath his white face makeup.
the vice-president, ali belhadj, a younger and less educated algiers preacher, made aggressively radical speeches that rallied dissatisfied lower-class youth and alarmed non-islamists with his rejection of democracy and repressive views on women; he had already played a significant role in the october demonstrations.	the vice-president, ali belhadj, a younger and less educated algiers preacher, made aggressively radical speeches that rallied dissatisfied lower-class youth and alarmed non-islamists with his rejection of democracy and conservative views on women; he had already played a significant role in the october demonstrations.
for this, he won some affection from the british public which was unfortunately snuffed out in 1914.	for this, he won some affection from the british public which was snuffed out in 1914.
"the city is also home to kalamazoo college (often referred to as ""k college""), a prestigious liberal arts school located adjacent to wmu's campus."	"the city is also home to kalamazoo college (often referred to as ""k college""), a liberal arts school located adjacent to wmu's campus."
it is a splinter hate group from the anti-islamic reclaim australia group, formed after a dispute between shermon burgess and reclaim australia organisers.	it is a splinter group from the anti-islamic reclaim australia group, formed after a dispute between shermon burgess and reclaim australia organisers.
he must eventually use his discovery on someone close to him, and hilarity ensues.	he must eventually use his discovery on someone close to him, and chaos ensues.
it did allege secretive and presumably harmful action (support of satanism) on the part of a group (procter & gamble, or its leadership).	it did allege secretive and purportedly harmful action (support of satanism) on the part of a group (procter & gamble, or its leadership).
thanks to the rain shadow effect of the nearby olympic mountains, victoria is the driest location on the british columbia coast, with much lower rainfall than other nearby areas.	due to the rain shadow effect of the nearby olympic mountains, victoria is the driest location on the british columbia coast, with much lower rainfall than other nearby areas.
the dallas morning news is a major daily newspaper serving the dallasfort worth area of texas, with over 400,000 daily subscribers.	the dallas morning news is a daily newspaper serving the dallasfort worth area of texas, with over 400,000 daily subscribers.
despite the complexity of prc-roc relations, both chinese governments agree that the islands are part of taiwan, which is administered by the roc.	despite the complexity of prc-roc relations, both governments agree that the islands are part of taiwan, which is administered by the roc.
jolie gabor, countess de szigethy (september 30, 1896 april 1, 1997) was a hungarian-born american socialite, jeweler and memoirist, best known as the mother of actresses and socialites magda, zsa zsa, and eva gabor.	jolie gabor, countess de szigethy (september 30, 1896 april 1, 1997) was a hungarian-born american socialite, jeweler and memoirist, known as the mother of actresses and socialites magda, zsa zsa, and eva gabor.
the inept investigation led by the police, as well as the prosecutor, has been criticized repeatedly.	the investigation led by the police, as well as the prosecutor, has been criticized repeatedly.
stevens is probably best known as the producer of the clash's masterpiece 1979 album, london calling.	stevens is probably best known as the producer of the clash's acclaimed 1979 album, london calling.
contradicting views on the 2003 iraq war	views on the 2003 iraq war
it provides a convenient command-line interface (cli) for solving linear and nonlinear problems numerically, and for performing other numerical experiments using a language that is mostly compatible with matlab.	it provides a command-line interface (cli) for solving linear and nonlinear problems numerically, and for performing other numerical experiments using a language that is mostly compatible with matlab.
helen atkinson-wood, english actress and comedienne	helen atkinson-wood, english actress and comedian
public finance act 1989 — improved the reporting and accountability for government expenditure	public finance act 1989 — changed the reporting and accountability for government expenditure
these were typically identified in terms of a distinction between the caucasoid and black racial categories.	these were typically identified in terms of a distinction between the caucasoid and negroid racial categories.
"in october 2005, dink was convicted of ""insulting turkishness"", ironically by writing an article in which he suggested to diaspora armenians that it was time to rid themselves of their rage against turks, a condition he considered himself free of, keeping himself emotionally healthy while at the same time knowing something of discrimination."	"in october 2005, dink was convicted of ""insulting turkishness"", by writing an article in which he suggested to diaspora armenians that it was time to rid themselves of their rage against turks, a condition he considered himself free of, keeping himself emotionally healthy while at the same time knowing something of discrimination."
alleged influence from indian thought	supposed influence from indian thought
these conventions and institutions molded an extremely stable and well -structured society in new england, a stark contrast with the unstable and loosely-bound society of the early british colonies in the chesapeake bay region, such as jamestown.	these conventions and institutions molded an extremely stable and rigidly -structured society in new england, a stark contrast with the unstable and loosely-bound society of the early british colonies in the chesapeake bay region, such as jamestown.
while this behavior is similar to verisign's previous site finder, opendns claims that it is not the same, as opendns is purely an opt-in service (compared to site finder's affect on the entire internet, as verisign is a authoritative registry operator) and that the advertising revenue pays for the customized dns service .	while this behavior is similar to verisign's previous site finder, opendns states that it is not the same, as opendns is purely an opt-in service (compared to site finder's affect on the entire internet, as verisign is a authoritative registry operator) and that the advertising revenue pays for the customized dns service .
joining the navy as an at charles was sadly injured during his numerous deployments in support of oif.	joining the navy as an at charles was injured during his numerous deployments in support of oif.
in his view, the league inhibited mankind by protecting it from disaster, crime, and tragedyfactors needed for humanity to evolve.	in his view, the league inhibited humanity by protecting it from disaster, crime, and tragedyfactors needed for humanity to evolve.
"this factual error has even spawned the figure of speech ""drink the kool-aid""."	"this factual error has spawned the figure of speech ""drink the kool-aid""."
in 2009, she worked with people injured by defects in chrysler and general motors vehicles to urge the obama administration and the automobile companies to modify their bankruptcy agreements to ensure that personal injury victims would have an opportunity to receive compensation.	in 2009, gilbert worked with people injured by defects in chrysler and general motors vehicles to urge the obama administration and the automobile companies to modify their bankruptcy agreements to ensure that personal injury victims would have an opportunity to receive compensation.
"the most unfamiliar features of the language are the orthography, the initial consonant mutations, the verb subject object word order, and the use of two different forms for ""to be""."	"the most unusual features of the language are the orthography, the initial consonant mutations, the verb subject object word order, and the use of two different forms for ""to be""."
orange free state province was one of the four provinces of south africa from 1910-1994. after 27 april 1994 it was dissolved following the first democratic election in south africa.	orange free state province was one of the four provinces of south africa from 1910-1994. after 27 april 1994 it was dissolved following the first multiracial election in south africa.
constant pressure system: the constant pressure system (cps) was first introduced by the legendary super soaker cps 2000. instead of relying on pressurized air to push water out the nozzle, cps uses rubber elastic chambers to power the water gun.	constant pressure system: the constant pressure system (cps) was first introduced by the super soaker cps 2000. instead of relying on pressurized air to push water out the nozzle, cps uses rubber elastic chambers to power the water gun.
since leaving office has pursued a successful career as an international business consultant focusing heavily on the middle east and china.	since leaving office has pursued a career as an international business consultant focusing heavily on the middle east and china.
chopticon high school has a stupendus band program led by mr. todd burroughs.	chopticon high school has a band program led by mr. todd burroughs.
separating fact from fiction in larouche's biography is made difficult by the barrages of conflicting propaganda generated both by larouche and his critics (see political views of lyndon larouche/larouche's critics.)	separating fact from fiction in larouche's biography is made difficult by the barrages of conflicting accounts generated both by larouche and his critics (see political views of lyndon larouche/larouche's critics.)
they accept that reason guided by humanism and rational thought leads to a more fully expressed ethical life.	they consider that reason guided by humanism and rational thought leads to a more fully expressed ethical life.
in 2012 georgia made it through to the semi-finals but sadly lost 2-0 to the netherlands.	in 2012 georgia made it through to the semi-finals but lost 2-0 to the netherlands.
tyne tees has now sadly moved out of city road and basically only contributes local news.	tyne tees has now moved out of city road and basically only contributes local news.
"the religion had undergone a period of intense persecution in the american midwest, and faithful mormons made solemn oaths to pray for vengeance upon those who killed the ""prophets"" including founder joseph smith, jr. and most recently apostle parley p. pratt, who was murdered in april 1857 in arkansas."	"the religion had undergone a period of intense conflict with non-mormons in the american midwest, and faithful mormons made solemn oaths to pray for vengeance upon those who killed the ""prophets"" including founder joseph smith, jr. and most recently apostle parley p. pratt, who was murdered in april 1857 in arkansas."
warren accompanies comedienne /actor/vocalist jenifer lewis	warren accompanies comedian /actor/vocalist jenifer lewis
safeway is a brand name used by several fraudulent supermarket chains around the world:	safeway is a brand name used by several supermarket chains around the world:
optimistic, a little naive, and a hillbilly who finds the zombie apocalypse fun and exciting.	"optimistic, a little naive, and a ""good ol' boy"" who finds the zombie apocalypse fun and exciting."
this practice does not conform with the free software principles as edicted by the fsf.	this practice does not conform with the free software principles as espoused by the fsf.
historically part of romania , it was annexed by the soviet union in 1945, as the moldovian ssr.	historically part of the medieval principality of moldavia , it was annexed by the soviet union in 1945, as the moldovian ssr.
following westfall's untimely death, his friends and family established a charitable enterprise, the buzz westfall memorial fund, in his honor.	following westfall's death, his friends and family established a charitable enterprise, the buzz westfall memorial fund, in his honor.
it was while covering the allied invasion of morocco that the fought and disabled vichy french battleship on 27 october 1942. six battleships came together as part of operation neptune, in support of the d-day landings in june 1944. d-day also saw the humble sacrifice of two old dreadnoughts ( and ), which were scuttled as part of the breakwater around the allied mulberry harbours.	it was while covering the allied invasion of morocco that the fought and disabled vichy french battleship on 27 october 1942. six battleships came together as part of operation neptune, in support of the d-day landings in june 1944. d-day also saw the deliberate sacrifice of two old dreadnoughts ( and ), which were scuttled as part of the breakwater around the allied mulberry harbours.
jammu and kashmir has an international border with china in the north and east, whereas the line of control separates it from pakistani-controlled territories of azad kashmir and gilgitbaltistan in the west and northwest respectively.	jammu and kashmir has an international border with china in the north and east, whereas the line of control separates it from pakistani-controlled territories of pakistan administered kashmir and gilgitbaltistan in the west and northwest respectively.
but disaster struck as paletti was tragically killed at the 1982 canadian grand prix and this seemed to curtail onyx's progression forward.	but disaster struck as paletti was killed at the 1982 canadian grand prix and this seemed to curtail onyx's progression forward.
chiropractic contends that spinal joint misalignments, which chiropractors call vertebral subluxations, can interfere with the nervous system and result in diminished health.	chiropractic 's view is that spinal joint misalignments, which chiropractors call vertebral subluxations, can interfere with the nervous system and result in diminished health.
he later walked towards the bathroom and then came out with reddened eyes, presumably caused by alcohol or other drugs .	he later walked towards the bathroom and then came out with reddened eyes, presumably caused by alcohol or drugs .
unfortunately , the formula did not include the vita-ray treatment rogers received which is intended to stabilize the serum, which meant his would-be successors underwent a dangerously flawed application.	however , the formula did not include the vita-ray treatment rogers received which is intended to stabilize the serum, which meant his would-be successors underwent a dangerously flawed application.
"starting in 2005, cbs aired the video of the ""fame and fortune"" scene with the soundtrack replaced by an poorly- edited version of ""we're a couple of misfits""."	"starting in 2005, cbs aired the video of the ""fame and fortune"" scene with the soundtrack replaced by an edited version of ""we're a couple of misfits""."
when at drinking establishments, teetotalers (or teetotallers) either abstain from drinking completely, or ostentatiously consume non-alcoholic beverages such as water, juice, tea, coffee, virgin drinks, mocktails, and alcohol-free beer.	when at drinking establishments, teetotalers (or teetotallers) either abstain from drinking completely, or consume non-alcoholic beverages such as water, juice, tea, coffee, virgin drinks, mocktails, and alcohol-free beer.
"godwin's writing appears much affected by the death of one of his sisters in a ""friendly fire"" incident during the liberation war in the 1970s."	"godwin's writing appears much affected by the death of one of his sisters in a ""friendly fire"" incident during the bush war in the 1970s."
roger harry daltrey, cbe (born 1 march 1944) is a popular rock vocalist, songwriter, and actor, best known as the founder and lead singer of the who, an english rock band.	roger harry daltrey, cbe (born 1 march 1944) is a rock vocalist, songwriter, and actor, best known as the founder and lead singer of the who, an english rock band.
the harris county toll road authority (hctra) came into existence when, in september, 1983, harris county voters approved a referendum by a 7-3 margin to release up to $900 million in bonds to create two tollroads - the hardy toll road and the sam houston tollway, ostensibly to improve the regional mobility and reduce traffic congestion in the greater houston area, an area known for rapid population growth.	the harris county toll road authority (hctra) came into existence when, in september, 1983, harris county voters approved a referendum by a 7-3 margin to release up to $900 million in bonds to create two tollroads - the hardy toll road and the sam houston tollway, to improve the regional mobility and reduce traffic congestion in the greater houston area, an area known for rapid population growth.
other scientists dispute this conclusion, citing serious methodological flaws in the dna study .	other scientists dispute this conclusion, alleging serious methodological flaws in the dna study .
terrorist attacks in moscow and volgodonsk	attacks in moscow and volgodonsk
the united states constitution allocates power between the two levels of government.	the united states constitution allocates power between the two branches of government.
he thus pursued scientific studies and became royal professor of mathematics at caen.	he therefore pursued scientific studies and became royal professor of mathematics at caen.
because employees are forced to work more than 10 hours a day, 6 days a week, they must take points to maintain a household outside of work.	because employees are contracted to work more than 10 hours a day, 6 days a week, they must take points to maintain a household outside of work.
in the months leading up to the glorious appearing, several trib force members are martyred , including chloe and buck.	in the months leading up to the glorious appearing, several trib force members are killed , including chloe and buck.
"virgo's deadpan delivery of the line ""pot as many balls as you can"" became a series highlight ."	"virgo's deadpan delivery of the line ""pot as many balls as you can"" became a series catchphrase ."
until recently, he played a regular gig at the substandard jazz club columbia station in washington d.c.'s adams morgan neighborhood.	until recently, he played a regular gig at the jazz club columbia station in washington d.c.'s adams morgan neighborhood.
in response to growing russian aggression in eastern ukraine and the alleged deployment of around 1,000 russian troops on ukrainian soil, the ukrainian prime minister yatsenyuk announced his intentions to resume the bid for nato integration on 29 august 2014, and in december 2014, ukraine's parliament voted to drop the non-aligned status that it adopted in 2010.	in response to growing russian intervention in eastern ukraine and the alleged deployment of around 1,000 russian troops on ukrainian soil, the ukrainian prime minister yatsenyuk announced his intentions to resume the bid for nato integration on 29 august 2014, and in december 2014, ukraine's parliament voted to drop the non-aligned status that it adopted in 2010.
"the ultra-right nationalist political party ""svoboda"", marginal on the national scale, often invokes the radical russophobic rhetoric (see poster) and has sufficient electoral support to form factions in several municipal and provincial local councils in western ukraine."	"the ultra-right nationalist political party ""svoboda"", marginal on the national scale, often invokes the russophobic rhetoric (see poster) and has sufficient electoral support to form factions in several municipal and provincial local councils in western ukraine."
lethal injection was introduced under bush's administration in 1999 after the botched execution of allen lee davis.	lethal injection was introduced under bush's administration in 1999 after the execution of allen lee davis.
bartholdi crossed the united states twice by rail, and met many americans whom he felt would be sympathetic to the project.	bartholdi crossed the united states twice by rail, and met many americans he felt would be sympathetic to the project.
a 2004 survey by naomi oreskes of 928 peer-reviewed scientific articles on global climate change published between 1993 and 2003. the survey, published as an editorial in the journal science, found that every article either supported the human-caused global warming consensus or did not comment on it.	a 2004 survey by naomi oreskes of 928 peer-reviewed scientific articles on global climate change published between 1993 and 2003. the survey, published as an editorial in the journal science, claims that every article either supported the human-caused global warming consensus or did not comment on it.
the abuse and forcible institutionalization of people with down syndrome was closely linked to early twentieth-century racial and eugenic theory, culminating in the murder of many people with down syndrome and other disabilities by the nazi government in germany in the 1930s-1945, and the creation of compulsory sterilization programs around the world which targeted the mentally disabled.	the abuse and forcible institutionalization of people with down syndrome was closely linked to early twentieth-century racial and eugenic theory, culminating in the killing of many people with down syndrome and other disabilities by the nazi government in germany in the 1930s-1945, and the creation of compulsory sterilization programs around the world which targeted the mentally disabled.
while josh may be less known in their home country of canada, they are extremely popular in south asia, particularly in india and pakistan.	while josh may be less known in their home country of canada, they are very popular in south asia, particularly in india and pakistan.
"sophie tucker (1884–1966), ""last of the red-hot mamas,"" singer and comedienne , was born and raised in hartford"	"sophie tucker (1884–1966), ""last of the red-hot mamas,"" singer and comedian , was born and raised in hartford"
"john arlington ""jack"" butterfield (august 1, 1919 – october 16, 2010) was a professional ice hockey administrator and the long-time president of the american hockey league, serving the longest tenure of any ahl executive (28 years, from 1966 to 1994)."	"john arlington ""jack"" butterfield (august 1, 1919 – october 16, 2010) was a professional ice hockey administrator and the president of the american hockey league, serving the longest tenure of any ahl executive (28 years, from 1966 to 1994)."
proponents of the ebonics-education believe that african-american students would perform better in school if textbooks and teachers acknowledged ebonics as a different language or dialect from standard american english.	proponents of ebonics-education believe that african-american students would perform better in school if textbooks and teachers acknowledged ebonics as a different language or dialect from standard american english.
intended to be groundbreaking, duke nukem forever became infamous in the video game industry and its name became synonymous with vaporware due to its severely-protracted development schedule; the game had been in development since 1996. upon its release in june 2011, duke nukem forever received mostly negative reviews from critics.	intended to be groundbreaking, duke nukem forever became infamous in the video game industry and its name became synonymous with vaporware due to its severely-protracted development schedule; the game had been in development since 1996. upon its release in june 2011, duke nukem forever received mixed to negative reviews from critics.
the crystal maze was a legendary game show, produced by chatsworth television and shown on channel 4 in the united kingdom from 1989 to 1995. repeated episodes are often shown on digital television channels, most recently ftn in january 2007. there was one series per year, with the first four series presented by richard o'brien and the final two by ed tudor-pole.	the crystal maze was a game show, produced by chatsworth television and shown on channel 4 in the united kingdom from 1989 to 1995. repeated episodes are often shown on digital television channels, most recently ftn in january 2007. there was one series per year, with the first four series presented by richard o'brien and the final two by ed tudor-pole.
the mahdi army, also known as the mahdi militia or jaish al mahdi (arabic ), is an iraqi resistance organization created by the iraqi shi'ite cleric muqtada al-sadr in june 2003, the group rose to international prominence on april 4, 2004 when it spearheaded the first major armed confrontation against the u.s-led occupation forces in iraq from the shi'ite community in an uprising that followed the banning of al-sadr's newspaper and attempts to arrest him, and lasted until june 6. the group is armed with assault rifles, rocket propelled grenades, mortars, strela anti-air missiles, and other light weapons.	the mahdi army, also known as the mahdi militia or jaish al mahdi (arabic ), is an iraqi military organization created by the iraqi shi'ite cleric muqtada al-sadr in june 2003, the group rose to international prominence on april 4, 2004 when it spearheaded the first major armed confrontation against the u.s-led occupation forces in iraq from the shi'ite community in an uprising that followed the banning of al-sadr's newspaper and attempts to arrest him, and lasted until june 6. the group is armed with assault rifles, rocket propelled grenades, mortars, strela anti-air missiles, and other light weapons.
seyla benhabib (born 1950, istanbul) is a turkish left-wing professor of political science and philosophy at yale and director of the program in ethics, politics, and economics, and a well-known contemporary philosopher.	seyla benhabib (born 1950, istanbul) is a turkish professor of political science and philosophy at yale and director of the program in ethics, politics, and economics, and a well-known contemporary philosopher.
amnesty international logoamnesty international (commonly known as amnesty or ai) is an international non-governmental organization with the stated purpose of promoting all the human rights enunciated in the universal declaration of human rights and other international standards.	amnesty international logoamnesty international (commonly known as amnesty or ai) is an international non-governmental organization with the stated purpose of promoting all the human rights enshrined in the universal declaration of human rights and other international standards.
the area is mainly made up of woodland and a superb 9 hole golf course (longley park).	the area is mainly made up of woodland and a 9 hole golf course (longley park).
"although ""oh well"" was a huge hit in the uk, it was not the first single released in america."	"although ""oh well"" was a hit in the uk, it was not the first single released in america."
uma karuna thurman (ipa: ; born april 29, 1970 ) is an american actress .	uma karuna thurman (ipa: ; born april 29, 1970 ) is an american actor.
nevertheless, drnovek barely secured himself a third term in office after a failed attempt to ally himself with the chauvinistic slovenian national party.	nevertheless, drnovek barely secured himself a third term in office after a failed attempt to ally himself with the slovenian national party.
in june 2007, the times stated that interpol had issued a red notice to china for extraditing two of the alleged killers, lobsang chodak and tenzin chozin.	in june 2007, the times reported that interpol had issued a red notice to china for extraditing two of the alleged killers, lobsang chodak and tenzin chozin.
to that end, plf attorneys litigate, file amicus curiae briefs, and participate in administrative proceedings with the goal of supporting free enterprise, private property rights, reasonable environmental regulations, and the principle of limited government.	to that end, plf attorneys litigate, file amicus curiae briefs, and participate in administrative proceedings with the goal of supporting free enterprise, private property rights, repeal of environmental regulations, and the principle of limited government.
the japanese forces had been cut off from resupply during the second week of january, and their food had already run out by january 2. in what turned out to be a unusually common practice among the enemy , allied troops found evidence of cannibalism of their own troops in captured japanese positions.	the japanese forces had been cut off from resupply during the second week of january, and their food had already run out by january 2. in what turned out to be a unusually common practice among the japanese , allied troops found evidence of cannibalism of their own troops in captured japanese positions.
unauthorised car parking may take the form of double parking, parking of on verges or sidewalks and can on occasions create difficulties for others in the vicinity of shops, schools, hospitals, sports grounds and train/metro stations and at other location that attracts people and vehicles.	overspill car parking may take the form of double parking, parking of on verges or sidewalks and can on occasions create difficulties for others in the vicinity of shops, schools, hospitals, sports grounds and train/metro stations and at other location that attracts people and vehicles.
"davis's comments were attacked by peter biskup of the then canberra college of advanced education, as indicating a ""biased, one-sided brand of new australian history, as false as the old one has been""."	"davis's comments were opposed by peter biskup of the then canberra college of advanced education, as indicating a ""biased, one-sided brand of new australian history, as false as the old one has been""."
ultimately, frazier lost his undefeated record of 290 and his world championship, at the hands of powerful unbeaten george foreman on january 22, 1973, in kingston, jamaica.	ultimately, frazier lost his undefeated record of 290 and his world championship, at the hands of the unbeaten george foreman on january 22, 1973, in kingston, jamaica.
drugs may provide a socially acceptable excuse for engaging in sexual behaviours in which people may want to engage but perhaps know that they should not.	drugs may provide a socially acceptable excuse for engaging in sexual behaviours in which people may want to engage but perhaps feel that they should not.
the airbus a320 family has suffered from seven instances of nose gear malfunction, including the infamous jetblue airways flight 292.	the airbus a320 family has suffered from seven instances of nose gear malfunction, including the high-profile jetblue airways flight 292.
they currently play in the english football league championship after they were controversially relegated from the premier league in 2007 on the last day of the season.	they currently play in the english football league championship after they were relegated from the premier league in 2007 on the last day of the season.
freedom of the press is a necessity to any democratic society.	freedom of the press was assumed by many to be a necessity to any democratic society.
a second, independent investigation ordered by the united states commission on civil rights led by aclu's arthur garfield hays, together with prominent puerto rican citizens fulgencio pinero, emilio belaval, jose davila rice, antonio ayuyo valdivieso, manuel diaz garcia, and franscisco m. zeno took place.	a second, independent investigation ordered by the united states commission on civil rights led by aclu's arthur garfield hays, together with puerto rican citizens fulgencio pinero, emilio belaval, jose davila rice, antonio ayuyo valdivieso, manuel diaz garcia, and franscisco m. zeno took place.
toby kebbell as koba, a bonobo and caesar's treacherous advisor.	toby kebbell as koba, a bonobo and caesar's advisor.
the reforms following the second vatican council provoked a storm of protest, and although pope paul vi was solely responsible for approving them, bugnini endured the brunt of the attacks.	the reforms following the second vatican council provoked a storm of protest, and although pope paul vi was responsible for approving them, bugnini endured the brunt of the attacks.
they had several very entertaining mixed tag team matches against eachother .	they had several very entertaining mixed tag team matches against each other .
"(note that the two-syllable form learnd , usually spelled simply as learned, is still used as an adjective to mean ""educated"", or to refer to academic institutions, in both british english and american english.)"	"(note that the two-syllable form learnd , usually written simply as learned, is still used as an adjective to mean ""educated"", or to refer to academic institutions, in both british english and american english.)"
pervasive cto, mike hoskins is a well-known expert on data integration issues who frequently publishes articles in industry magazine dmreview and various white papers in other venues, as well as presenting on integration topics at industry conventions.	pervasive cto, mike hoskins is a recognized expert on data integration issues who frequently publishes articles in industry magazine dmreview and various white papers in other venues, as well as presenting on integration topics at industry conventions.
despite the large number of species in order asterales, they do not compare in economic benefit for mankind to the poales or to the fabaceae.	despite the large number of species in order asterales, they do not compare in economic benefit for humankind to the poales or to the fabaceae.
as a result of scientific doubts he has expressed regarding global warming alarmism , the delaware department of natural resources and environmental control reportedly attempted to remove david legates from his office of delaware state climatologist.	as a result of scientific doubts he has expressed regarding global warming, the delaware department of natural resources and environmental control reportedly attempted to remove david legates from his office of delaware state climatologist.
verrall also claimed that censuses and population charts showed that the world's jewish population did not significantly change between 1938 and 1948, and that the total jewish population in nazi-controlled europe never exceeded 2.5 million (both claims, it should be mentioned, are false )	verrall also claimed that censuses and population charts showed that the world's jewish population did not significantly change between 1938 and 1948, and that the total jewish population in nazi-controlled europe never exceeded 2.5 million (both claims, it should be mentioned, are disputed )
"a relationship with inxs lead singer michael hutchence furthered her attempts to gain acceptance as a mature performer, with hutchence saying his favourite hobby was ""corrupting kylie"", and allegedly writing the inxs hit song ""suicide blonde"" in reference to her."	"a relationship with inxs lead singer michael hutchence furthered her attempts to gain acceptance as a mature performer, with hutchence saying his favourite hobby was ""corrupting kylie"", and writing the inxs hit song ""suicide blonde"" in reference to her."
h. e. ives (1952) wrote that einstein's derivation was a tautology, due to einstein's improper use of approximations.	h. e. ives (1952) wrote that einstein's derivation was a tautology, due to einstein's use of approximations.
moving platforms and other crazy objects get in the way, making levels progressively harder.	moving platforms and other objects get in the way, making levels progressively harder.
a full-length album, we didn't say that!, was released in autumn 2000 to generally positive reviews (melody maker awarded it four out of five stars).	a full-length album, we didn't say that!, was released in june 2000 to generally positive reviews (melody maker awarded it four out of five stars).
inappropriate spectral usage is primarily an issue for health and annoyance, while delivery of lighting to unoccupied spaces is wasteful if not required for security and crime prevention.	inappropriate spectral usage is primarily an issue for health and annoyance, while delivery of lighting to unoccupied spaces is unecomonical if not required for security and crime prevention.
note that this is a bastardization from its original use and meaning, which arose from the systematics field, referring to differences between sequences, such as from two different species, in which it was impossible to infer if one species lost the sequence or the other species gained it.	note that this is a change from its original use and meaning, which arose from the systematics field, referring to differences between sequences, such as from two different species, in which it was impossible to infer if one species lost the sequence or the other species gained it.
polish jews imprisoned in the warsaw ghetto rise up against the german genociders in 1943.	polish jews imprisoned in the warsaw ghetto rise up against the german army in 1943.
st. laurent and his great cabinet oversaw canada's expanding international role in the postwar world.	st. laurent and his cabinet oversaw canada's expanding international role in the postwar world.
a rivalry stemming from the 1966 world cup and intensified by the infamous falklands war, argentina and england had numerous confrontations in the world cup, notably their match in 1986 where diego maradona scored two goals against england.	a rivalry stemming from the 1966 world cup and intensified by the falklands war, argentina and england had numerous confrontations in the world cup, notably their match in 1986 where diego maradona scored two goals against england.
mgm grand detroit a resort in the thriving city of detroit	mgm grand detroit a resort in the city of detroit
the city subsequently began cultivating an image of genteel civility within its spectacular natural setting, an image aided by the impressions of visitors such as rudyard kipling, the opening of the popular butchart gardens in 1904 and the construction of the empress hotel by the canadian pacific railway in 1908. robert dunsmuir, a leading industrialist whose interests included coal mines and a railway on vancouver island, constructed craigdarroch castle in the rockland area, near the official residence of the province's lieutenant-governor.	the city subsequently began cultivating an image of genteel civility within its natural setting, an image aided by the impressions of visitors such as rudyard kipling, the opening of the popular butchart gardens in 1904 and the construction of the empress hotel by the canadian pacific railway in 1908. robert dunsmuir, a leading industrialist whose interests included coal mines and a railway on vancouver island, constructed craigdarroch castle in the rockland area, near the official residence of the province's lieutenant-governor.
"he also composed ""when the buzzards return to hinckley ridge"" for the 1969 disney animated short, ""it's tough to be a bird"", which went on to win the academy award for best short subject in 1970. the song was sung by comedienne ruth buzzi."	"he also composed ""when the buzzards return to hinckley ridge"" for the 1969 disney animated short, ""it's tough to be a bird"", which went on to win the academy award for best short subject in 1970. the song was sung by comedian ruth buzzi."
he is the first african-american mulatto to win enough support for the nomination of any major american political party.	he is the first african-american to win enough support for the nomination of any major american political party.
he was also elected to cornell prestigious senior honorary, the sphinx head society.	he was also elected to cornell senior honorary, the sphinx head society.
nine months after their community shield triumph, arsenal appeared in the fa cup final for the second year in a row, thrashing aston villa 40 in the final and becoming the most successful club in the tournament's history with 12 titles.	nine months after their community shield triumph, arsenal appeared in the fa cup final for the second year in a row, defeating aston villa 40 in the final and becoming the most successful club in the tournament's history with 12 titles.
hurricane irene is an active 2011 north atlantic tropical cyclone that threatens the east coast of the united states, including the new york metropolitan area, and atlantic canada.	hurricane irene is an active 2011 north atlantic tropical cyclone that will pass along the east coast of the united states, including the new york metropolitan area, and atlantic canada.
the parish of clane has the unfortunate distinction of being the place where the rebellion of 1798 broke out; for it was at prosperous that the temporary barracks occupied by some of the north cork militia, and a welsh cavalry regiment called the ancient britons, were attacked and burnt; and captain swayne and most of the soldiers were slain.	the parish of clane has the distinction of being the place where the rebellion of 1798 broke out; for it was at prosperous that the temporary barracks occupied by some of the north cork militia, and a welsh cavalry regiment called the ancient britons, were attacked and burnt; and captain swayne and most of the soldiers were slain.
while the musical, both film and stage versions, was a tremendous worldwide success (brynner was still touring in the stage version until just before his death), this series was cancelled at midseason.	while the musical, both film and stage versions, was a worldwide success (brynner was still touring in the stage version until just before his death), this series was cancelled at midseason.
additionally, many individuals affiliated with these atheistic groups choose to protest the unconstitutional national day of prayer.	additionally, many individuals affiliated with these atheistic groups choose to protest the national day of prayer.
"many others (55% according to a mori opinion poll) wish to see devolution outside an artificial ""devonwall""/""south west"" region."	"many others (55% according to a mori opinion poll) wish to see devolution outside an ""devonwall""/""south west"" region."
kelly maria ripa (born october 2, 1970) is an american television host and actress.	kelly maria ripa (born october 2, 1970) is a smokin' hot american television host and actress.
the diplomatic relations between indonesia and turkey are particularly important because both are muslim majority countries as well as thriving modern democracies.	the diplomatic relations between indonesia and turkey are particularly important because both are muslim majority countries as well as modern democracies.
the project, which costs approximately 200 million euros each year, is set for completion in 2015.	the project, which involves an investment of approximately 200 million euros each year , is set for completion in 2015.
before becoming governor, palin served two terms on the wasilla, alaska, city council from 1992 to 1996, and was elected mayor of wasilla, a tiny city with a population of just over 5000, twice, in 1996 and 1999. she also ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor of alaska in 2002. palin holds a bachelor of science degree in journalism from the university of idaho.	before becoming governor, palin served two terms on the wasilla, alaska, city council from 1992 to 1996, and was elected mayor of wasilla, a city with a population of just over 5000, twice, in 1996 and 1999. she also ran unsuccessfully for lieutenant governor of alaska in 2002. palin holds a bachelor of science degree in journalism from the university of idaho.
russia proper (dark green)	russia (dark green)
as the proposed dam would be about 300 kilometers south of the narrowest point, the actual strait, it would also decrease salinity in the arctic by restricting all fluvial input of the alaskan river yukon to the arctic ocean.	as the proposed dam would be about 300 kilometers south of the narrowest point, the actual strait, it might also decrease salinity in the arctic by restricting all fluvial input of the alaskan river yukon to the arctic ocean.
nevertheless, christians largely believe the infinite atonement is considered to be accomplished, subsequently unlocking the gates of heaven forever to the human family.	nevertheless, christians largely believe the atonement is considered to be accomplished, subsequently unlocking the gates of heaven forever to the human family.
february 5 - unionist gunmen kill five catholics in an attack on a bookmaker's shop in belfast.	february 5 - loyalist gunmen kill five catholics in an attack on a bookmaker's shop in belfast.
chris donahue (john christopher donahue) is an award-winning american film and television producer.	chris donahue (john christopher donahue) is an american film and television producer.
the route goes around the perimeter with a view of the pristine station, goods shed and platform now including a short section of track complete with two period open wagons.	the route goes around the perimeter with a view of the station, goods shed and platform now including a short section of track complete with two period open wagons.
its mission is to provide pro bono legal advice and representation, litigating strategically to pursue its free market agenda .	its mission is to provide pro bono legal advice and representation, litigating strategically to pursue its free market ideas .
al-zawraa (or al-zawra) tv was an iraqi satellite television channel that was known for airing video footage of resistance attacks on us-led coalition forces.	al-zawraa (or al-zawra) tv was an iraqi satellite television channel that was known for airing video footage of insurgent attacks on us-led coalition forces.
the runabout range is a main collection of frederique constant and is designed to pay tribute to the legendary runabout gentlemen's sports boats of the roaring 20s.	the runabout range is a main collection of frederique constant and is designed to pay tribute to the runabout gentlemen's sports boats of the roaring 20s.
generation x tends to be over- represented in the emerging church movement.	generation x tends to be more represented in the emerging church movement.
the charges stated that moon failed to declare as income (and pay taxes on) $112,000 in earned interest in a chase manhattan bank account, and on the receipt of $50,000 of corporate stock.	the charges asserted that moon failed to declare as income (and pay taxes on) $112,000 in earned interest in a chase manhattan bank account, and on the receipt of $50,000 of corporate stock.
... that the royal dynasty at the great maya city of copn (fragment pictured) in honduras was founded by a warrior sent from the distant city of tikal?	... that the royal dynasty at the maya city of copn (fragment pictured) in honduras was founded by a warrior sent from the distant city of tikal?
the unite australia party (uap) was a short-lived australian political party that flourished in the late 1980s.	the unite australia party (uap) was a short-lived australian political party that existed in the late 1980s.
suicidal ideation is a common medical term for thoughts about suicide, which may range from vague or unformed urges to meticulously detailed plans and posthumous instructions.	suicidal ideation is a medical term for thoughts about suicide, which may range from vague or unformed urges to meticulously detailed plans and posthumous instructions.
one of the most remarkable elements of cowboy bebop is its music, mostly performed by yoko kanno and her band, the seatbelts.	one of the most notable elements of cowboy bebop is its music, mostly performed by yoko kanno and her band, the seatbelts.
the kampfgruppen were formed after the workers' uprising of june 1953. it was intended to be the east german equivalent to the factory units of the worker's militia of czechoslovakia which played a very important part in the communist putsch in czechoslovakia in 1948.	the kampfgruppen were formed after the workers' uprising of june 1953. it was intended to be the east german equivalent to the factory units of the worker's militia of czechoslovakia which played a very important part in the communist consolidation of power in czechoslovakia in 1948.
considering that both their respective shows are produced by french companies and that they have similar hair colors, attitudes, and status at their respective schools, this is no coincidence.	considering that both their respective shows are produced by french companies and that they have similar hair colors, attitudes, and status at their respective schools, this is may not be mere coincidence.
as the threat of a foreign invasion receded and that france became mostly pacified, the thermidorian reaction put an end to the terror and to robespierre's dictature .	as the threat of a foreign invasion receded and that france became mostly pacified, the thermidorian reaction put an end to the terror and to robespierre's rule .
this has eminently been argued by robert n. bellah.	this has been argued by robert n. bellah.
yale law professor bruce ackerman wrote an article in the february 2001 edition of the liberal magazine the american prospect that encouraged the use of the filibuster to stop bush from placing any nominee on the supreme court during his first term.	yale law professor bruce ackerman wrote an article in the february 2001 edition of the magazine the american prospect that encouraged the use of the filibuster to stop bush from placing any nominee on the supreme court during his first term.
1977, animals (designed by roger waters - only set up and photographed by hipgnosis.)	1977, animals (designed by roger waters - set up and photographed by hipgnosis.)
she is best known for her role in the bbc drama series take three girls portraying cockney art student avril for the first season before being replaced in the second.	she is known for her role in the bbc drama series take three girls portraying cockney art student avril for the first season before being replaced in the second.
unfortunately , the south vietnamese withdrawal quickly turned into a rout, as the north vietnamese 2nd army corps picked off one south vietnamese unit after another, until hue and da nang was completely surrounded.	however , the south vietnamese withdrawal quickly turned into a rout, as the north vietnamese 2nd army corps picked off one south vietnamese unit after another, until hue and da nang was completely surrounded.
mormon apologists such as bushman and john w. welch reject the connection and argue that there is little relationship between the contents of the two books.	mormon scholars such as bushman and john w. welch reject the connection and argue that there is little relationship between the contents of the two books.
kenny kingston (february 15, 1927 june 30, 2014) was a psychic medium.	kenny kingston (february 15, 1927 june 30, 2014) described himself as a psychic medium.
from early on, de backer displayed a super passion for music, learning various instruments, piano and drums most notably.	from early on, de backer displayed a passion for music, learning various instruments, piano and drums most notably.
it partners with premium publishers and uses performance analysis to enable online advertisers to target their intended audiences.	it partners with web publishers and uses performance analysis to enable online advertisers to target their intended audiences.
moore's lawyer, tim danson, was given one day's notice of the court date following bertuzzi's plea bargain, which he claimed was insufficient time for moore to travel to vancouver.	moore's lawyer, tim danson, was given one day's notice of the court date following bertuzzi's plea bargain, which he said was insufficient time for moore to travel to vancouver.
on the imaginary line of the equator the sun maximum elevation is great during all the year but obviously it doesn't form every day a perfect right angle with the ground at noon.	on the imaginary line of the equator the sun maximum elevation is great during all the year but it doesn't form every day a perfect right angle with the ground at noon.
how a chihuahua turns out depends mightily on the genetic temperament of his parents and grandparents.	how a chihuahua turns out depends on the genetic temperament of his parents and grandparents.
system development corporation (sdc), based in santa monica, california, was arguably the world's first computer software company.	system development corporation (sdc), based in santa monica, california, was considered the world's first computer software company.
malawi enjoys a gdp per capita of 596 us dollars.	malawi has a gdp per capita of 596 us dollars.
zippy is one of only eight female college mascots in the united states.	zippy is one of eight female college mascots in the united states.
the marchers killed were: sandi smith, a nurse and civil rights activist; dr. james waller, president of a local textile workers union who had given up his medical practice to defend workers; bill sampson, a graduate of the harvard university school of divinity; cesar cause, an immigrant from cuba who graduated magna cum laude from duke university; and dr. michael nathan, chief of pediatrics at lincoln community health center in durham, nc, a clinic that helped children from low-income families.	the marchers killed were: sandi smith, a nurse and civil rights activist; dr. james waller, president of a local textile workers union who had given up his medical practice to organize workers; bill sampson, a graduate of the harvard university school of divinity; cesar cause, an immigrant from cuba who graduated magna cum laude from duke university; and dr. michael nathan, chief of pediatrics at lincoln community health center in durham, nc, a clinic that helped children from low-income families.
environmentalist wacko a militant environmental activist, usually a democrat, but sometimes a green party member, who is usually a member of greenpeace, elf, or other environmental extremist organizations.	environmentalist wacko a militant environmental activist, usually a democrat, but sometimes a green party member, who is usually a member of greenpeace, elf, or other environmental organizations.
anangsha made her screen debut with a small role as a child artist in sudhir mishra's khoya khoya chand, then she played a role in luv shuv tey chicken khurana and later she came into limelight with her outstanding role in an amazon prime series mirzapur (tv series)	anangsha made her screen debut with a small role as a child artist in sudhir mishra's khoya khoya chand, then she played a role in luv shuv tey chicken khurana and later she came into limelight with her role in an amazon prime series mirzapur (tv series)
"the neutrino (meaning "" small neutral one"" in italian) is denoted by the greek letter (nu)."	"the neutrino (meaning "" little neutral one"" in italian) is denoted by the greek letter (nu)."
a replica of the h-1 was built by jim wright of oregon, and first flew in 2002, but sadly was destroyed in a crash on august 4, 2003, killing wright.	a replica of the h-1 was built by jim wright of oregon, and first flew in 2002, but was destroyed in a crash on august 4, 2003, killing wright.
in 1992, he directed the provocative feature film waterland, starring jeremy irons and ethan hawke.	in 1992, he directed the feature film waterland, starring jeremy irons and ethan hawke.
"he was married twice, first on june 24, 1852 to laura jane ""jennie"" whitney of rochester, new york (1827 - october 4, 1852) who died tragically only three months after their wedding while floyd-jones was stationed in washington; then on april 29, 1878, to minnie oglesby of new orleans, la (1858 - oct 18, 1929) though they separated only a few years after their wedding but never divorced."	"he was married twice, first on june 24, 1852 to laura jane ""jennie"" whitney of rochester, new york (1827 - october 4, 1852) who died only three months after their wedding while floyd-jones was stationed in washington; then on april 29, 1878, to minnie oglesby of new orleans, la (1858 - oct 18, 1929) though they separated only a few years after their wedding but never divorced."
in the language of warfare, the leveling of nagasaki after the hiroshima decimation demonstrated the us armed forces' willingness and ability to repeat this type of crippling aerial attack.	in the language of warfare, the leveling of nagasaki after the hiroshima bombing demonstrated the us armed forces' willingness and ability to repeat this type of crippling aerial attack.
microsoft office is the most popular office software in the world.	microsoft office is the most widely-used office software in the world.
a former university philosophy professor in ethics at clark university in worcester, ma, she is a resident scholar at a conservative organization called the american enterprise institute for public policy research, and a member of the board of advisors of the conservative foundation for individual rights in education.	a former university philosophy professor in ethics at clark university in worcester, ma, she is a resident scholar at a organization called the american enterprise institute for public policy research, and a member of the board of advisors of the conservative foundation for individual rights in education.
"so ironically, that notation, according to which one writes """" when the natural logarithm is intended, has been further popularized by the very invention that made the use of ""common logarithms"" obsolete: electronic calculators."	"so ironically, that notation, according to which one writes """" when the natural logarithm is intended, may have been further popularized by the very invention that made the use of ""common logarithms"" obsolete: electronic calculators."
"8 august 2003: days after wilson ""publicly voiced doubts about a reported iraqi weapons program,"" wilson says he became ""a target of a campaign to discourage others like him from going public.... and wilson's wife was identified by name as a covert c.i.a."	"8 august 2003: days after wilson ""publicly voiced doubts about a reported iraqi weapons program,"" wilson says he became ""a target of a campaign to discourage others like him from going public.... and wilson's wife was identified by name as a c.i.a."
stadium announcers in england will emphasise the home team's goals and lineup to acclaim from the crowd; in contrast they will quickly and quietly broadcast away team information.	stadium announcers in many sports will emphasise the home team's goals and lineup to acclaim from the crowd; in contrast they will quickly and quietly broadcast away team information.
to support the war, other u.s. officials cited claims of a connection between saddam hussein and al-qaeda.	to support the war, some u.s. officials cited claims of a connection between saddam hussein and al-qaeda.
secret cult, a 1984 book by london evening standard reporters peter hounam and andrew hogg, alleged that the school, was at the time, a secretive cult 'penetrating the corridors of power, with sinister links to the liberal party.	secret cult, a 1984 book by london evening standard reporters peter hounam and andrew hogg, alleged that the school, was at the time, a secretive cult 'penetrating the corridors of power, with links to the liberal party.
a new start screen interface has been added that supports touchscreen input in addition to mouse, keyboard, and pen input.	a new start screen interface has been added that was designed for touchscreen input in addition to mouse, keyboard, and pen input.
an excellent compilation of the structure of many pibroch tunes, including related historical essays, was written by a. j. haddow	an compilation of the structure of many pibroch tunes, including related historical essays, was written by a. j. haddow
genshi is a fast template engine for xml-based vocabularies written in python.	genshi is a template engine for xml-based vocabularies written in python.
ivan stepanovich konev (;   21 may 1973) was a soviet military commander who led red army forces on the eastern front during world war ii, liberated much of eastern europe from occupation by the axis powers, and helped in the capture of germany's capital, berlin.	ivan stepanovich konev (;   21 may 1973) was a soviet military commander who led red army forces on the eastern front during world war ii, retook much of eastern europe from occupation by the axis powers, and helped in the capture of germany's capital, berlin.
the aliens' disturbing life cycle, in which their offspring are violently implanted inside living hosts before erupting from their chests, is in many ways their signature aspect.	the aliens' life cycle, in which their offspring are violently implanted inside living hosts before erupting from their chests, is in many ways their signature aspect.
in july 2009, riots in rmqi were sparked by ethnic tensions between han chinese and indigenous uyghurs.	in july 2009, riots in rmqi were sparked by ethnic tensions between han chinese and uyghurs.
"much of the humour comes from basil's insulting and sometimes aggressive manner, engaging in angry but witty arguments with guests, staff and in particular his frightful wife, whom he addresses with insults such as ""that golfing puff adder"", ""my little piranha fish"", and ""my little nest of vipers""."	"much of the humour comes from basil's insulting and sometimes aggressive manner, engaging in angry but witty arguments with guests, staff and in particular his formidable wife, whom he addresses with insults such as ""that golfing puff adder"", ""my little piranha fish"", and ""my little nest of vipers""."
his first wife is now deceased.	his first wife is deceased.
the antidote is usually more individual space and better, more beautiful design in place of functionalism.	the antidote is believed to be more individual space and better, more beautiful design in place of functionalism.
critics or opponents of transhumanist views typically hold that ethics, not scientism , is the key to surviving future advances in technology and its use as weapons.	critics or opponents of transhumanist views typically hold that ethics, not technology , is the key to surviving future advances in technology and its use as weapons.
oil-based lubricants are most appropriate for women in monogamous relationships not requiring condom use who are experiencing anything from minor irritations to chronic disease states (such as vulvodynia and vestibulitis) that can be caused or flared by common additives and preservatives found in other lubricants, like propylene glycol, parabens, or glycerin.	oil-based lubricants are most appropriate for women in relationships not requiring condom use who are experiencing anything from minor irritations to chronic disease states (such as vulvodynia and vestibulitis) that can be caused or flared by common additives and preservatives found in other lubricants, like propylene glycol, parabens, or glycerin.
shebaa farms, is a 25 square kilometer area consisting of 14 farms located south of shebaa, a lebanese village on the western slopes of mount hermon, at the corner where syria, lebanon and israel meet.	shebaa farms, is a 25 square kilometer area consisting of 14 farms located south of shebaa, a village on the western slopes of mount hermon, at the corner where syria, lebanon and israel meet.
the former chairman birdinground did not do either action.	the former chairperson birdinground did not do either action.
the video bears some similarities to the videotape showing the murder and decapitation of wall street journal reporter daniel pearl in pakistan in 2002. like pearl, berg was jewish, although it is uncertain whether his captors were aware of that.	the video bears some similarities to the videotape showing the killing and decapitation of wall street journal reporter daniel pearl in pakistan in 2002. like pearl, berg was jewish, although it is uncertain whether his captors were aware of that.
in 1980, jonathan demme's film melvin and howard, was based on dummar's true story.	in 1980, jonathan demme's film melvin and howard, was based on dummar's story.
the uyghur separatism movement's use of violence and perceived terrorism have resulted in it being described as a potentially dangerous movement.	the uyghur separatism movement's use of violence and terrorism have resulted in it being described as a potentially dangerous movement.
amanda vaguely explains that the world had become corrupt (due to reasons revealed in the next novel, allegiant).	amanda vaguely explains that the world had become corrupt (due to reasons explained in the next novel, allegiant).
in an appearance on nbc's today, a media matters representative claimed that media matters items always include quotes with full context, along with a transcript and audio or video.	in an appearance on nbc's today, a media matters representative stated that media matters items always include quotes with full context, along with a transcript and audio or video.
he did not hit upon the distinction, made later by st. thomas aquinas and other catholic thinkers, between natural and revealed religion.	he did not hit upon the distinction, made later by st. thomas aquinas and other thinkers, between natural and revealed religion.
in april 2010, the band announced that they would be disbanding and from there, began a large farewell tour held across several countries.	in april 2010, the band announced that they would be disbanding and from there, began a farewell tour held across several countries.
liberal as a derogatory epithet	liberal as a political epithet
a press release of the time promoted a series of halloween themed concerts and promised that the amazing new instrument was a combination of natural personal technique and electrical perfection.	a press release of the time promoted a series of halloween themed concerts and promised that the new instrument was a combination of natural personal technique and electrical perfection.
however, it accepted the high capacity magazines of the pre-ban models.	however, it accepted the standard capacity magazines of the pre-ban models.
aipac has attracted significant political leaders to address their conferences.	aipac has attracted many political leaders to address their conferences.
it has a magnificent collection of british glass, much of it made locally, from historic 18th century pieces to contemporary works from britain's leading glass artists.	it has a notable collection of british glass, much of it made locally, from historic 18th century pieces to contemporary works from britain's leading glass artists.
women can of course also choose to wear styles that are more ostentatiously modest than local mores might require - perhaps as a sign of islamic enthusiasm and or piety.	women can of course also choose to wear styles that are more ostentatiously restrictive than local mores might require - perhaps as a sign of islamic enthusiasm and or piety.
energy storage densities, barring significant advances in compact nuclear power, are unlikely to ever be able to store the energy for an entire climb in a single climber without making it weigh too much.	energy storage densities, barring significant advances in compact nuclear power, are unlikely to be able to store the energy for an entire climb in a single climber without making it weigh too much.
a white fifth-generation ipod with a case and earphones.	a white video ipod with a case and earphones.
in the philippines, even some news reporters carry guns.	in the philippines, some news reporters carry guns.
galbraith served as minister for children and education in the scottish executive under donald dewar from 1999 to 2000 and then, following the sqa exams fiasco , as minister for environment, sport and culture under henry mcleish until his resignation on 20 march 2001 from ministerial office and his parliamentary seats for health reasons.	galbraith served as minister for children and education in the scottish executive under donald dewar from 1999 to 2000 and then, following the sqa exams controversy , as minister for environment, sport and culture under henry mcleish until his resignation on 20 march 2001 from ministerial office and his parliamentary seats for health reasons.
it is unlikely that agrippa attempted to exert influence on judean politics.	it is unlikely but unknown if agrippa attempted to exert influence on judean politics.
instrumentally, lifeson is regarded as a master guitarist, whose strengths and notability relied primarily on signature riffing, electronic effects, unorthodox chord structures, chorusing/phrasing and a copious arsenal of equipment used over the years.	instrumentally, lifeson is regarded as a skilled guitarist, whose strengths and notability relied primarily on signature riffing, electronic effects, unorthodox chord structures, chorusing/phrasing and a copious arsenal of equipment used over the years.
kim jong-il (born february 16, 1942) has been the dictator of north korea since 1994. he succeeded his father, kim il-sung, who had ruled north korea since 1948. known as the dear leader, kim holds the positions of chairman of the national defense committee and general secretary of the korean workers' party.	kim jong-il (born february 16, 1942) has been the de facto head of state of north korea since 1994. he succeeded his father, kim il-sung, who had ruled north korea since 1948. known as the dear leader, kim holds the positions of chairman of the national defense committee and general secretary of the korean workers' party.
unfortunately brewing conflict between rival factions ultimately prevented the company from investing the necessary time and money into this venture.	brewing conflict between rival factions ultimately prevented the company from investing the necessary time and money into this venture.
"jakarta expat has the tagline ""indonesia's biggest expatriate readership"" because it reaches more expats than any other publication in the country, with a circulation of 15,500 copies every two weeks distributed at over 700 distribution points in the capital and across the nation."	"jakarta expat has the tagline ""indonesia's biggest expatriate readership"" because it claims to reach more expats than any other publication in the country, with a circulation of 15,500 copies every two weeks distributed at over 700 distribution points in the capital and across the nation."
kokoro is famous for voicing akito wanijima in air gear.	kokoro is best known for voicing akito wanijima in air gear.
turvey is a picturesque english village about six miles west of bedford on the river great ouse.	turvey is a english village about six miles west of bedford on the river great ouse.
lodestar research group is an australian hacking collective, producing technical articles and providing useful manuals to the public.	lodestar research group is an australian hacking collective, producing technical articles and providing manuals to the public.
mandy salter is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nicola stapleton.	mandy salter is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nicola stapleton.
court street square is a beautiful square in the downtown area used for the main street's events.	court street square is a square in the downtown area used for the main street's events.
after hall's death in 1970, only one year after founding ths, brother andrew corsini fowler, frank cronican, terry helgesen and others were instrumental in shaping ths into the foremost organization of its kind in the u.s. from just a handful of interested enthusiasts, it has grown into a national organization with an international membership composed of individuals, university and public libraries, theatres, performing arts organizations and other interested firms and groups.	after hall's death in 1970, one year after founding ths, brother andrew corsini fowler, frank cronican, terry helgesen and others were instrumental in shaping ths into the foremost organization of its kind in the u.s. from just a handful of interested enthusiasts, it has grown into a national organization with an international membership composed of individuals, university and public libraries, theatres, performing arts organizations and other interested firms and groups.
nelson sullivan was a central figure in the downtown new york city art and club scene of the 1980s, obsessively videotaping everyone and everything he saw before tragically dying of a heart attack on july 4, 1989. he left behind over 1800 hours of video footage that he'd shot over the last ten years of his life.	nelson sullivan was a central figure in the downtown new york city art and club scene of the 1980s, obsessively videotaping everyone and everything he saw before dying of a heart attack on july 4, 1989. he left behind over 1800 hours of video footage that he'd shot over the last ten years of his life.
cindy lee miller sheehan (born july 10, 1957) is an anti- american anti-iraq war activist, whose son, casey sheehan, was killed during his service in iraq.	cindy lee miller sheehan (born july 10, 1957) is an american anti-iraq war activist, whose son, casey sheehan, was killed during his service in iraq.
writing in the harvard law record, patrick karuretwa said that rwanda was right to prosecute erlinder, claiming the country's anti-genocide denial laws helped ensure its stability and progress, and that no exemptions should be made for an individual's privileged position.	writing in the harvard law record, patrick karuretwa said that rwanda was right to prosecute erlinder, stating the country's anti-genocide denial laws helped ensure its stability and progress, and that no exemptions should be made for an individual's privileged position.
"in one unusual appearance on the hannity and colmes show, coulter threatened to walk off the set, after kirsten powers, who was substituting for alan colmes, challenged her on whether the war in afghanistan was going ""swimmingly"" ."	"in one appearance on the hannity and colmes show, coulter threatened to walk off the set, after kirsten powers, who was substituting for alan colmes, challenged her on whether the war in afghanistan was going ""swimmingly"" ."
black brute, a similar racist stereotype	black brute, a similar stereotype
dwight is also known for his incredible voice talent.	dwight is also known for his voice talent.
the coroner found that bell died of a sepsis as a consequence of an unsterile abortion, although this explanation was subsequently disputed by physicians associated with the pro-life movement.	the coroner found that bell died of a sepsis as a consequence of an unsterile abortion, although this explanation was subsequently disputed by physicians associated with the forced birth movement.
the loss of the old grammar school led to the creation of the independent fee-paying stafford grammar school.	the closure of the old grammar school led to the creation of the independent fee-paying stafford grammar school.
they are translations in which the work is rendered in a far more prosaic and mundane style of language.	they are translations in which the work is rendered in a far more modern and mundane style of language.
natural materials such as felt, leather, twine, shellac, mica, hemp, ivory, and glass are used prominently, as before better synthetic replacements were found.	natural materials such as felt, leather, twine, shellac, mica, hemp, ivory, and glass are used prominently, as before synthetic replacements were found.
"in their recent study (aauw 2006) on sexual harassment at colleges and universities, the aauw reported that while both men and women were targets of sexual harassment, ""women are disproportionately negatively affected."""	"in their recent study (aauw 2006) on sexual harassment at colleges and universities, the aauw claimed that while both men and women were targets of sexual harassment, ""women are disproportionately negatively affected."""
this broad description includes both use of horses for practical, working purposes as well as recreational activities and bourgeoisie competitive sports.	this broad description includes both use of horses for practical, working purposes as well as recreational activities and competitive sports.
the altercation left at least three people wounded, including an 82-year-old man and a local cup councilor who explicitly accused citizens and falange militants from across the whole region to be among the unionist provocateurs.	the altercation left at least three people wounded, including an 82-year-old man and a local cup councilor who explicitly accused citizens and falange militants from across the whole region to be among the provocateurs.
illegal downloads are obviously not included in the certifications and figures of artist's sales.	illegal downloads are not included in the certifications and figures of artist's sales.
the character was first introduced in the first season as a southern redneck hunter who has a younger brother, daryl.	the character was first introduced in the first season as a southern hunter who has a younger brother, daryl.
natimuk is a great town in western victoria, australia.	natimuk is a town in western victoria, australia.
a mac zealot is an over- enthusiastic user and advocate of apple macintosh computers.	a mac zealot is an enthusiastic user and advocate of apple macintosh computers.
"jonathan ""johnny"" allen is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by billy murray."	"jonathan ""johnny"" allen is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by billy murray."
the bay area is renowned as being among the most liberal areas in the country.	the bay area is widely regarded as being among the most liberal areas in the country.
it used to be thought that they might be of romani extraction, although this theory has been overturned.	it used to be thought that they might be of romani extraction, although this theory may have been overturned.
"amanda blake (february 20, 1929 – august 16, 1989) was an american actress best known for the role of the red-haired saloon proprietress ""miss kitty russell"" on the television western gunsmoke."	"amanda blake (february 20, 1929 – august 16, 1989) was an american actress known for the role of the red-haired saloon proprietress ""miss kitty russell"" on the television western gunsmoke."
voldi way is a technology entrepreneur and founder of wayforward technologies, a successful valencia-based videogame development studio.	voldi way is a technology entrepreneur and founder of wayforward technologies, a valencia-based videogame development studio.
maafa 21: black genocide in 21st century america is a 2009 pro-life documentary film which argues that the modern-day prevalence of abortion among african americans is an attempted genocide or maafa of black people.	maafa 21: black genocide in 21st century america is a 2009 documentary film which argues that the modern-day prevalence of abortion among african americans is an attempted genocide or maafa of black people.
a controversial theory attempts to draw a correlation between the united states' unprecedented nationwide decline of the overall crime rate during the 1990s and the decriminalization of abortion 20 years prior.	a theory attempts to draw a correlation between the united states' unprecedented nationwide decline of the overall crime rate during the 1990s and the decriminalization of abortion 20 years prior.
the most notable absence was during the 1980s when a communist puppet- regime ruled the nation, and in the late 1990s, during the rule of the taliban.	the most notable absence was during the 1980s when a communist regime ruled the nation, and in the late 1990s, during the rule of the taliban.
djukanovic, montenegro's evergreen ruler since 1991, dismissed the opposition's and russia's objections to montenegro's nato membership.	djukanovic, montenegro's ruler since 1991, dismissed the opposition's and russia's objections to montenegro's nato membership.
it is unclear if o'donnell's polarizing viewpoints were calculated to attract viewers but the show has continued to address more substantiative subjects even after her departure.	it is unclear if o'donnell's viewpoints were calculated to attract viewers but the show has continued to address more substantiative subjects even after her departure.
unfortunately , while the game itself was later released in the united states and europe, it did so without the pepsi license, meaning all the pepsi logos as well as pepsiman himself were removed form the game.	however , while the game itself was later released in the united states and europe, it did so without the pepsi license, meaning all the pepsi logos as well as pepsiman himself were removed form the game.
his incredible record was 51-0-1 38 kos	his record was 51-0-1 38 kos
the schools mascot is the indian .	the schools mascot is the native american .
the hargeisa war memorial, dedicated to the innocent people who died due to the indiscriminate aerial bombardment of hargeisa.	the hargeisa war memorial, dedicated to the people who died due to the indiscriminate aerial bombardment of hargeisa.
pengkalan hulu is a main town in hulu perak district, perak, malaysia	pengkalan hulu is a town in hulu perak district, perak, malaysia
it is also legal in the united kingdom, although laws against libel or inciting racial hatred may apply.	it is also not an offence in the united kingdom, although laws against libel or inciting racial hatred may apply.
payson is a pleasant town at the meeting of three roads in gila county, arizona, usa.	payson is a town at the meeting of three roads in gila county, arizona, usa.
politically, dreiser was involved in several campaigns against radicals whom he imagined had been the victims of social injustice.	politically, dreiser was involved in several campaigns against radicals whom he believed had been the victims of social injustice.
"preston's ""i'm starting to go steady"", a beautiful song on the flip side of ""feel so fine"", was released in june of 1960."	"preston's ""i'm starting to go steady"", a song on the flip side of ""feel so fine"", was released in june of 1960."
some right-wing groups accuse the center on budget and policy priorities of producing misleading studies.	some groups accuse the center on budget and policy priorities of producing misleading studies.
besides being one of the fastest growing counties in the usa (2000 census), forsyth county is also known for its unfortunate racist past.	besides being one of the fastest growing counties in the usa (2000 census), forsyth county is also known for its racist past.
on 28 january about 500 crimean tatars attended a peaceful rally in support of euromaidan in simferopol.	on 28 january about 500 crimean tatars attended a rally in support of euromaidan in simferopol.
"in august 2013, conservative newsmax magazine named fallin among the ""25 most influential women in the gop""."	"in august 2013, newsmax magazine named fallin among the ""25 most influential women in the gop""."
public confusion surrounding differences between brain death and cardiac death raised by this case, led some doctors to voice concern about how the case could affect live organ donation from brain dead patients.	public confusion surrounding differences between brain death and cardiac death raised by this case, led some doctors to voice concern about how the case could affect live organ recovery from brain dead patients.
orwell wrote an entertaining critique of george bernard shaw's play arms and the man.	orwell wrote an critique of george bernard shaw's play arms and the man.
more 'realistic' concerns are addressed by monica ali in her novel brick lane though the latter address is also the scene of salman rushdie's fantastic and controversial the satanic verses, emblematic of the world-wide clash of civilisations beween west and east of which the east end has historically been the microcosm .	more 'realistic' concerns are addressed by monica ali in her novel brick lane though the latter address is also the scene of salman rushdie's highly acclaimed and controversial the satanic verses, emblematic of the world-wide clash of civilisations beween west and east of which the east end has historically been the microcosm .
language and subtitling issues	language and subtitling
the tragedy led texas a&m to declare a hiatus on an official bonfire.	the accident led texas a&m to declare a hiatus on an official bonfire.
the middle east media research institute, or memri for short, is a controversial middle east press monitoring organization located in washington dc, with branch offices in jerusalem, berlin, london, and tokyo.	the middle east media research institute, or memri for short, is a middle east press monitoring organization located in washington dc, with branch offices in jerusalem, berlin, london, and tokyo.
when this was revealed, the sultan was criticised for presumption, since this was, at the time, the same number as at the mosque of the holy ka'aba in mecca.	when this was revealed, the sultan was criticised for presumption, since this was, at the time, the same number as at the mosque of the ka'aba in mecca.
a notable supercouple that incited media frenzy was the former pairing of ben affleck and jennifer lopez.	a supercouple that incited media frenzy was the former pairing of ben affleck and jennifer lopez.
"a houston chronicle article reminds that ""stockmans two years in congress were marked by weirdness"", such as an article in guns & ammo magazine."	"a houston chronicle article said that ""stockmans two years in congress were marked by weirdness"", such as an article in guns & ammo magazine."
jewish tradition has long held that kabbalah is so complicated and so easily misunderstood that students may only begin to approach it with a strong background in jewish law and only after age 40. the discipline's elements include the study of mystical texts, prayer and meditation in an attempt to draw closer to the divine.	kabbalistic tradition has long held that kabbalah is so complicated and so easily misunderstood that students may only begin to approach it with a strong background in jewish law and only after age 40. the discipline's elements include the study of mystical texts, prayer and meditation in an attempt to draw closer to the divine.
popular front man billie joe armstrong for the california-based band green day made a profound statement about bisexuality when he came out in the advocate on january 24, 1995.	popular front man billie joe armstrong for the california-based band green day made a statement about bisexuality when he came out in the advocate on january 24, 1995.
mel giedroyc, actress/ comedienne	mel giedroyc, actress/ comedian
"the iranians proudly call themselves ""dahyu""(which means tribe, province, and district."	"the iranians call themselves ""dahyu""(which means tribe, province, and district."
gdeim izik dignity camp	gdeim izik protest camp
one great way to see many jam bands in one place is by going to a music festival.	one way to see many jam bands in one place is by going to a music festival.
it gained notoriety in connection with proposition r, a ballot initiative that sought to rename the facility to the george w. bush sewage plant.	it gained prominence in connection with proposition r, a ballot initiative that sought to rename the facility to the george w. bush sewage plant.
anti-capitalist individualist anarchism declined through much of the twentieth century, but has recently aroused increased interest.	anti-capitalist individualist anarchism declined through much of the twentieth century, but has recently aroused renewed interest.
the assembly of kosovo unilaterally declared its independence on 17 february 2008, while serbia claims it as part of its own sovereign territory.	the assembly of kosovo declared its independence on 17 february 2008, while serbia claims it as part of its own sovereign territory.
his famous painting of jack johnson (1972, now in the philadelphia museum of art) was used as the cover of powell's black art and culture in the 20th century.	his painting of jack johnson (1972, now in the philadelphia museum of art) was used as the cover of powell's black art and culture in the 20th century.
after two phenomenal years at georgetown, allen left his coach john thompson and announced himself eligible for the nba draft.	after two years at georgetown, allen left his coach john thompson and announced himself eligible for the nba draft.
"set in ""a long, hot summer in the early '80s"", the film is a touching coming-of-age comedy."	"set in ""a long, hot summer in the early '80s"", the film is a coming-of-age comedy."
four weeks after witnessing hampton's murder at the hands of the police, deborah johnson gave birth to fred hampton, jr..	four weeks after witnessing hampton's death at the hands of the police, deborah johnson gave birth to fred hampton, jr..
the trail ascends mount le conte, the tallest (and sixth highest) mountain east of the mississippi river and offers outstanding high-elevation views before terminating near the leconte lodge.	the trail ascends mount le conte, the tallest (and sixth highest) mountain east of the mississippi river and offers high-elevation views before terminating near the leconte lodge.
reception to the book was mixed, with praise for graeber's sweeping scope from earliest recorded history to the present but others raised doubts about the accuracy of some statements assertions in debt.	reception to the book was mixed, with praise for graeber's sweeping scope from earliest recorded history to the present but others raised doubts about the accuracy of some statements in debt.
on 2 november 2004, daniels was elected governor of indiana garnering about 55% of the vote compared to 45% to then-popular democratic incumbent governor joe kernan.	on 2 november 2004, daniels was elected governor of indiana garnering about 55% of the vote compared to 45% to democratic incumbent governor joe kernan.
this place has been associated with lord buddha and mahavira.	this place has been associated with both the historical buddha and mahavira.
however, in the fourth set, roddick took momentum away from federer with a beautiful backhand passing shot down the line to break federer.	however, in the fourth set, roddick took momentum away from federer with a well-placed backhand passing shot down the line to break federer.
alongside the arrogant approach adopted by then chief minister shane stone, it is believed that most territorians were reluctant to adopt the offer which was made.	alongside what was cited as an arrogant approach adopted by then chief minister shane stone, it is believed that most territorians were reluctant to adopt the offer which was made.
"an argument for support of this speculation is that bachelorhood was very rare for jewish males of jesus' time, being generally regarded as a transgression of the first mitzvah (divine commandment)— ""be fruitful and multiply""."	"an argument for support of this theory is that bachelorhood was very rare for jewish males of jesus' time, being generally regarded as a transgression of the first mitzvah (divine commandment)— ""be fruitful and multiply""."
steven siro vai (born june 6 1960 in carle place, new york) is a grammy award-winning guitarist virtuoso , composer and record producer.	steven siro vai (born june 6 1960 in carle place, new york) is a grammy award-winning guitarist, composer and record producer.
this means that nerds are not willing, and often not able, to understand human behaviour which is irrational .	this means that nerds are not willing, and often not able, to understand human behaviour which is not based on reason .
"in november 2007, mr. freer provided his recount of the gizmondo events and explained some of his actions that were misrepresented in the media, such as why he used an alias ""eric jonsson"""	"in november 2007, mr. freer provided his recount of the gizmondo events and explained some of his actions that were reported in the media, such as why he used an alias ""eric jonsson"""
the collection represents a staggering array of living things, from the tiny shells of single-celled organisms to dinosaur bones and woolly mammoth teeth.	the collection represents a extraordinarily diverse array of living things, from the tiny shells of single-celled organisms to dinosaur bones and woolly mammoth teeth.
this armed struggle was a result of conflicting attempts by poland, whose statehood had just been re-established after her being partitioned in the late 18th century, to liberate territories which she had lost in partitions or earlier and by soviets who aimed to take control of the same territories that had since then been part of imperial russia until their occupation by germany during world war i. both states claimed victory in the war: the poles claimed a successful defense of their state, while the soviets claimed a repulse of the polish kiev offensive, which was sometimes viewed as part of foreign interventions in the russian civil war.	this armed struggle was a result of conflicting attempts by poland, whose statehood had just been re-established after her being partitioned in the late 18th century, to secure territories which she had lost in partitions or earlier and by soviets who aimed to take control of the same territories that had since then been part of imperial russia until their occupation by germany during world war i. both states claimed victory in the war: the poles claimed a successful defense of their state, while the soviets claimed a repulse of the polish kiev offensive, which was sometimes viewed as part of foreign interventions in the russian civil war.
care net is the largest network of pregnancy centers in north america, with 1,100 centers serving over 350,000 women each year.	care net is the largest network of pregnancy centers in north america, with 1,100 centers advising over 350,000 women each year.
zaman (newspaper), a famous turkish newspaper with international editions	zaman (newspaper), a large turkish newspaper with international editions
from an estimated initial population of 250,000 in 1492, only 14,000 arawaks were left by 1517.	from an estimated initial population of 250,000 in 1492, 14,000 arawaks were left by 1517.
kirron kher (born june 14, 1955) is an indian amazing theatre, film and television actress and a tv talk show host.	kirron kher (born june 14, 1955) is an indian theatre, film and television actress and a tv talk show host.
additionally the book demonstrates that ordinary people will more than likely follow orders, even those they might personally question, when they perceive these orders as originating from an authority, a fascinating hypothesis also studied in the milgram experiment.	additionally the book demonstrates that ordinary people will more than likely follow orders, even those they might personally question, when they perceive these orders as originating from an authority, a hypothesis also studied in the milgram experiment.
guest artists famously included chrissie hynde, the leader of the rock/new wave band the pretenders, and douglas gilbert, lead trombonist with the london symphony orchestra (lso).	guest artists included chrissie hynde, the leader of the rock/new wave band the pretenders, and douglas gilbert, lead trombonist with the london symphony orchestra (lso).
1978 - coastal road massacre: at least 37 are killed and more than 70 are wounded when palestinian guerrilas hijack an israeli bus, prompting israel's operation litani.	1978 - coastal road massacre: at least 37 are killed and more than 70 are wounded when palestinian terrorists hijack an israeli bus, prompting israel's operation litani.
a video was released by isil, which included spanish speaking terrorists saying that they intended to conquer spain.	a video was released by isil, which included spanish speaking militants saying that they intended to conquer spain.
hendricks was a member of the exclusive branch of the plymouth brethren, a strict christian denomination .	hendricks was a member of the exclusive branch of the plymouth brethren, a strict christian sect .
"in 1998, the cab calloway orchestra (directed by cab's illegitimate grandson christopher brooks) was formed to ""honor"" cab calloway's legacy on the national and international levels."	"in 1998, the cab calloway orchestra (directed by cab's grandson christopher brooks) was formed to ""honor"" cab calloway's legacy on the national and international levels."
ron francis, retired nhl hockey legend	ron francis, retired nhl hockey player
the peaceful demonstrator was arrested moments later.	the demonstrator was arrested moments later.
the series premiered on june 16, 2012. the show features three comediennes each episode and they perform for about 7 to 8 minutes each.	the series premiered on june 16, 2012. the show features three comedians each episode and they perform for about 7 to 8 minutes each.
alixpartners competes in the traditional consulting space with major firms including mckinsey & company, the boston consulting group, and bain & company, they also compete with turnaround specialty firms such as fti consulting and alvarez and marsal.	alixpartners competes in the traditional consulting space with firms including mckinsey & company, the boston consulting group, and bain & company, they also compete with turnaround specialty firms such as fti consulting and alvarez and marsal.
two renowned new age composers, vangelis (who was heavily involved with cousteau in the 1990s) and jean michel jarre, released two albums including original numbers honouring jacques-yves cousteau, titled cousteau's dreams (2000) and en attendant cousteau (1990), respectively.	two new age composers, vangelis (who was heavily involved with cousteau in the 1990s) and jean michel jarre, released two albums including original numbers honouring jacques-yves cousteau, titled cousteau's dreams (2000) and en attendant cousteau (1990), respectively.
nancy grace (born october 23, 1958) is an american talk show host and former prosecutor who is a member of the controversial church of scientology.	nancy grace (born october 23, 1958) is an american talk show host and former prosecutor who is a member of the church of scientology.
dame gracie fields, dbe (born grace stansfield, 9 january 189827 september 1979), was an english actress, singer and comedienne and star of both cinema and music hall.	dame gracie fields, dbe (born grace stansfield, 9 january 189827 september 1979), was an english actress, singer and comedian and star of both cinema and music hall.
arab residents of east jerusalem, illegally annexed by israel in 1980 , are eligible for citizenship, though most choose not to excercise that right.	arab residents of east jerusalem, annexed by israel in 1980 , are eligible for citizenship, though most choose not to excercise that right.
a product of united's famous youth academy, fletcher initially struggled to break into the first team but now regularly features in the midfield.	a product of united's youth academy, fletcher initially struggled to break into the first team but now regularly features in the midfield.
indigo children is a new age term used to refer to a set of children having certain special psychological and spiritual attributes.	indigo children is a new age term used to refer to a set of children who are claimed to have certain special psychological and spiritual attributes.
later, when smith's thoughts turned to religion and prophecy, smith used the stones while dictating the text of the book of mormon, stating that he could see the text of that book within the stone at the bottom of his hat.	later, when smith's thoughts turned to religion and prophecy, smith used the brown stone while dictating the text of the book of mormon, stating that he could see the text of that book within the stone at the bottom of his hat.
charmaine sheh sze-man is a popular hong kong tvb actress.	charmaine sheh sze-man is a hong kong tvb actress.
the congregation worshiped there until february 1980, when it moved to its current location on seven lovely acres on new hampshire avenue.	the congregation worshiped there until february 1980, when it moved to its current location on seven acres on new hampshire avenue.
"the song's title itself is taken from its famous chorus, ""we're just ordinary people/we don't know which way to go/'cause we're ordinary people/maybe we should take it slow."""	"the song's title itself is taken from its chorus, ""we're just ordinary people/we don't know which way to go/'cause we're ordinary people/maybe we should take it slow."""
fox news channel (fnc), commonly referred to as fox or fox news, is a racist cable and satellite news channel owned by the fox entertainment group, a subsidiary of news corporation.	fox news channel (fnc), commonly referred to as fox or fox news, is a cable and satellite news channel owned by the fox entertainment group, a subsidiary of news corporation.
massage therapy, acupuncture, physical therapy, chiropractic and osteopathic care are a great start to musculoskeletal treatment programs because they work directly with the areas affected (muscles, fascia and skeleton)., ,.	massage therapy, acupuncture, physical therapy, chiropractic and osteopathic care are a common start to musculoskeletal treatment programs because they work directly with the areas affected (muscles, fascia and skeleton)., ,.
activist allegations against the us	general allegations against the us
phosphoric acid is even sometimes used in rat cleaning, animal testing, and is mixed with cow manure.	phosphoric acid is sometimes used in rat cleaning, animal testing, and is mixed with cow manure.
the term is also used for extinct species of dinosaurs that are claimed to exist today, a belief which is supported by scientific research.	the term is also used for extinct species of dinosaurs that are claimed to exist today, a belief which is unsupported by scientific research.
tatjana patitz (born march 25, 1966) is a german supermodel and actress.	tatjana patitz (born march 25, 1966) is a german model and actress.
this festival is held in honor of ryujin, the god of the tenry river, and features a wide variety of events such as the hamakita takoage (kite flying) event and the hiryu himatsuri (flying dragon fire festival) which celebrates water, sound, and flame.	this festival is held in honor of ryujin, the god believed to be associated with the tenry river, and features a wide variety of events such as the hamakita takoage (kite flying) event and the hiryu himatsuri (flying dragon fire festival) which celebrates water, sound, and flame.
suffering from the great depression of 1929, the harsh peace conditions dictated by the treaty of versailles, and a long succession of unstable governments, germans increasingly lacked identification with the government in the early 1930s.	suffering from the great depression of 1929, the peace conditions dictated by the treaty of versailles, and a long succession of unstable governments, germans increasingly lacked identification with the government in the early 1930s.
however, a number of researchers and websites have refuted meyssan's claims at the pentagon while still supporting other aspects of the physical evidence case at the pentagon, such as the question of why the nearly empty, strengthened and recently reconstructed section of the pentagon was chosen to be hit.	however, a number of researchers and websites have contested meyssan's claims at the pentagon while still supporting other aspects of the physical evidence case at the pentagon, such as the question of why the nearly empty, strengthened and recently reconstructed section of the pentagon was chosen to be hit.
some famous proponents of hyperreality/hyperrealism include jean baudrillard, albert borgmann, daniel j. boorstin, neil postman, and umberto eco.	some famous theorists of hyperreality/hyperrealism include jean baudrillard, albert borgmann, daniel j. boorstin, neil postman, and umberto eco.
the day when the three kings or three magi of the holy bible arrived to worship and bring gifts to the baby jesus after following a star in the heavens.	the day when the three kings or three magi of the bible arrived to worship and bring gifts to the baby jesus after following a star in the heavens.
this illegal detention was apparently due to a misunderstanding that arose concerning the similarity of the spelling of el-masri's name with the spelling of suspected terrorist al-masri.	this detention was apparently due to a misunderstanding that arose concerning the similarity of the spelling of el-masri's name with the spelling of suspected terrorist al-masri.
this small victory for the carthaginian navy was in no way enough to break the blockade by the roman navy.	this victory for the carthaginian navy was in no way enough to break the blockade by the roman navy.
in june 2005, she again performed at glastonbury and her non-humorous autobiography handstands in the dark was published in the uk and ireland by ebury press.	in june 2005, she again performed at glastonbury and her autobiography handstands in the dark was published in the uk and ireland by ebury press.
the alf smashed equipment and stole 260 animals, including britches, from the laboratories at uc-riverside in early 1985. britches was five weeks old during the raid.	the alf smashed equipment and removed 260 animals, including britches, from the laboratories at uc-riverside in early 1985. britches was five weeks old during the raid.
the legendary jedi master known as yoda (896 bby–4 aby), voiced by frank oz, is a fictional character in the star wars universe.	the jedi master known as yoda (896 bby–4 aby), voiced by frank oz, is a fictional character in the star wars universe.
letterboxing is the proper widescreen, cinema aspect ratio presentation of a movie on a television set screen.	letterboxing is the widescreen, cinema aspect ratio presentation of a movie on a television set screen.
the mother continued sri aurobindo's work of integral and spiritual transformation after his passing , and founded auroville, an international community dedicated to human unity, and based on their teachings.	the mother continued sri aurobindo's work of integral and spiritual transformation after his death , and founded auroville, an international community dedicated to human unity, and based on their teachings.
husein gradaevi endorsed a multicultural bosnia eyalet autonomous from the authoritarian rule of mahmud ii.	husein gradaevi endorsed a multicultural bosnia eyalet autonomous from the rule of mahmud ii.
"morrow is also an archaic and very rare english word meaning ""the next day""."	"morrow is also an archaic and rare english word meaning ""the next day""."
"from september 2008 through march 2009 she has played as comedienne in the tv show ""saturday night live"" aired on italia 1 and from february through may 2009 she has played, as roberta di leo, in the soap opera ""cento vetrine"" (a hundred windows) aired daily on canale 5."	"from september 2008 through march 2009 she has played as comedian in the tv show ""saturday night live"" aired on italia 1 and from february through may 2009 she has played, as roberta di leo, in the soap opera ""cento vetrine"" (a hundred windows) aired daily on canale 5."
"eminent film critic ray carney notes that ""saving pvt."	"film critic ray carney notes that ""saving pvt."
the visual effects were also praised for their believable visuals in contrast to the typically low budget live action productions of this kind in the past, while john williams added to his glowing string of kudos for his film score which critics noted helped give an essential mythic grandeur to the story and character.	the visual effects were also praised for their believable visuals in contrast to the typically low budget live action productions of this kind in the past, while john williams added to his string of kudos for his film score which critics noted helped give an essential mythic grandeur to the story and character.
following the debut of trollied, ian richardson, manager of morrisons supermarket in thornbury, wrote an article in the guardian newspaper, claiming the show was the topic of the discussion in the staff canteen and that he felt the attention to detail on the set was excellent, making a realistic setting.	following the debut of trollied, ian richardson, manager of morrisons supermarket in thornbury, wrote an article in the guardian newspaper, saying the show was the topic of the discussion in the staff canteen and that he felt the attention to detail on the set was excellent, making a realistic setting.
"well-known critic scott yanow praises marsalis's talent, but has questioned his ""selective knowledge of jazz history (considering post-1965 avant-garde playing to be outside of jazz and 1970s fusion to be barren)."""	"critic scott yanow praises marsalis's talent, but has questioned his ""selective knowledge of jazz history (considering post-1965 avant-garde playing to be outside of jazz and 1970s fusion to be barren)."""
when he was about 50, frederick ii attracted him to his brilliant court in the two sicilies, and at the instigation of the emperor he superintended (along with hermannus alemannus) a fresh translation of aristotle and the arabian commentaries from arabic into latin.	when he was about 50, frederick ii attracted him to his court in the two sicilies, and at the instigation of the emperor he superintended (along with hermannus alemannus) a fresh translation of aristotle and the arabian commentaries from arabic into latin.
jack scott ( radical ), controversial sports figure and associate of the symbionese liberation army	jack scott ( author ), controversial sports figure and associate of the symbionese liberation army
the german federal election, march 1933 in the weimar republic was held on 5 march 1933, and was the last genuine election to be held in germany before world war ii.	the german federal election, march 1933 in the weimar republic was held on 5 march 1933, and was the last election to be held in germany before world war ii.
andrey nikolayevich illarionov (russian: ) (born september 16 1961) is the former economic neo-conservative policy advisor to the president of russia, vladimir putin.	andrey nikolayevich illarionov (russian: ) (born september 16 1961) is the former economic policy advisor to the president of russia, vladimir putin.
his father thom is a prominent high school coach in ohio.	his father thom is a high school coach in ohio.
in 2366 a romulan defected to the federation, breeching the neutral zone, warning of a secret plan to attack the federation; the enterprise-d, along with three klingon warships, in turn, crossed the neutral zone to investigate the claim.	in 2366 a romulan defected to the federation, breaching the neutral zone, warning of a secret plan to attack the federation; the enterprise-d, along with three klingon warships, in turn, crossed the neutral zone to investigate the claim.
cem ylmaz (born april 23 1973 ) is a famed turkish stand-up comedian, actor, cartoonist and screenwriter.	cem ylmaz (born april 23 1973) is a turkish stand-up comedian, actor, cartoonist and screenwriter.
snorri gurisson , the son of thorfinn karlsefni and his wife guri, is thought to be the first european baby born in north america.	snorri gurisson , the son of thorfinn karlsefni and his wife guri, is thought to be the first white baby born in north america.
the battle is interspersed with images of alma raping becket.	the battle is interspersed with images of alma having sex with becket.
revealing that sue was also pregnant when she was killed is a cheap, almost clich way to milk emotion from the reader.	revealing that sue was also pregnant when she was killed has been called a cheap, almost clich way to milk emotion from the reader.
pictures of animals supposedly seen on the journey, including a crocodile, camel, and unicorn, were also included.	pictures of animals seen on the journey, including a crocodile, camel, and unicorn, were also included.
"the first television series to come from the combined takara/sunrise brave concept was brave exkaiser, whose fundamental premise and concept was very similar to that of the original transformers series: an intergalactic ""policeman"" chases after space pirates called the geisters as they descend on earth to steal all of its ""treasures,"" having no idea of what those ""treasures"" are to mankind ."	"the first television series to come from the combined takara/sunrise brave concept was brave exkaiser, whose fundamental premise and concept was very similar to that of the original transformers series: an intergalactic ""policeman"" chases after space pirates called the geisters as they descend on earth to steal all of its ""treasures,"" having no idea of what those ""treasures"" are to humanity ."
"his other important works include the novels biruku (""the fissure""), mussanjeya kathaprasanga (a story at dusk), akka (sister); the plays t. prasannana grihastashrama (""the householder-hood of t.prasanna"") , sankranti (""revolution"") , nanna tangigondu gandu kodi (""a groom for my sister"") and gunamukha (""convalescence""); the short story collections, umapatiya scholarship yatre (""umapati's scholarship trip""), kallu karaguva samaya (when the stone melts; winner of the 1993 sahitya akademi award), paapada hoogalu, the translation of charles baudelaire's les fleurs du mal and dore oedipus mattu antigone, translation of sophocles' antigone and oedipus rex."	"his other works include the novels biruku (""the fissure""), mussanjeya kathaprasanga (a story at dusk), akka (sister); the plays t. prasannana grihastashrama (""the householder-hood of t.prasanna"") , sankranti (""revolution"") , nanna tangigondu gandu kodi (""a groom for my sister"") and gunamukha (""convalescence""); the short story collections, umapatiya scholarship yatre (""umapati's scholarship trip""), kallu karaguva samaya (when the stone melts; winner of the 1993 sahitya akademi award), paapada hoogalu, the translation of charles baudelaire's les fleurs du mal and dore oedipus mattu antigone, translation of sophocles' antigone and oedipus rex."
gedda's language skills, intellectualism and intense musicality, as well as his extensive recordings, have rendered him particularly indispensable in this genre.	gedda's language skills, intellectualism and musicality, as well as his extensive recordings, have rendered him particularly indispensable in this genre.
on 10 january 2010, rmy converted nice's only goal in their shocking 12 loss to semi-professional club stade plabennecois in the coupe de france.	on 10 january 2010, rmy converted nice's only goal in their 12 loss to semi-professional club stade plabennecois in the coupe de france.
"daniel peter ""danny"" masterson (born march 13, 1976) is an american actor and disc jockey best known for his role as steven hyde in that '70s show."	"daniel peter ""danny"" masterson (born march 13, 1976) is an american actor and disc jockey known for his role as steven hyde in that '70s show."
charlotte is as much a celebrity as a singer and her good- looks and popular repertoire have made her a great commercial success.	charlotte is as much a celebrity as a singer and her looks and popular repertoire have made her a great commercial success.
but these are examples of artificial scarcity, reflecting societal institutions.	but these may be seen as examples of artificial scarcity, reflecting societal institutions.
"steve earle recorded a controversial song about lindh entitled ""john walker's blues""."	"steve earle recorded a song about lindh entitled ""john walker's blues""."
one reference where the smart bomb at least retains its homing function (but still razes anything within its ludicrously large blast radius) is in star fox 64, where the nova bomb moniker was switched with the more generic smart bomb name.	one reference where the smart bomb at least retains its homing function (but still razes anything within its large blast radius) is in star fox 64, where the nova bomb moniker was switched with the more generic smart bomb name.
"rosemary ""rosie"" miller (previously swann) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gerry cowper."	"rosemary ""rosie"" miller (previously swann) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gerry cowper."
in new zealand, supermarkets have been accused of buying fresh produce from growers at low prices and selling with ridiculously high mark-ups, sometimes as high as 500%.	in new zealand, supermarkets have been accused of buying fresh produce from growers at low prices and selling with high mark-ups, sometimes as high as 500%.
limbaugh also plays the forester sisters' song men during updates involving now and other radical feminist groups.	limbaugh also plays the forester sisters' song men during updates involving now and other feminist groups.
"prior to the prostitute controversy, jimmy swaggart was a fierce opponent to lengendary heavy metal musician ozzy osbourne, who released the infamous song ""suicide solution"" in 1980. vehemently castigating osbourne, swaggart denounced osbourne as a satanist who 'ordered' teenagers to accept lucifer as their saviour and/or to commit suicide."	"prior to the prostitute controversy, jimmy swaggart was a fierce opponent to heavy metal musician ozzy osbourne, who released the infamous song ""suicide solution"" in 1980. vehemently castigating osbourne, swaggart denounced osbourne as a satanist who 'ordered' teenagers to accept lucifer as their saviour and/or to commit suicide."
starring her exceptional troupe of actors and actresses as well as special guest stars.	starring her traditional troupe of actors and actresses as well as special guest stars.
it is the deadliest vehicle-ramming attack in canadian history and the worst mass killing in canada since 1989, when an arson incident at the rupert hotel in toronto killed ten people.	it is the deadliest vehicle-ramming attack in canadian history and the largest mass killing in canada since 1989, when an arson incident at the rupert hotel in toronto killed ten people.
it was introduced as a compromise measure in 1993 by president bill clinton, who while campaigning for the presidency had promised to allow all citizens regardless of sexual orientation to serve openly in the military, while conservatives wanted a complete ban on those who are not heterosexual.	it was introduced as a compromise measure in 1993 by president bill clinton, who while campaigning for the presidency had promised to allow all citizens regardless of sexual orientation to serve openly in the military, while others wanted a complete ban on those who are not heterosexual.
there currently exists a black market for tortoise shell picks, which are coveted for their superior tone and ease of use.	there currently exists a black market for tortoise shell picks, which are coveted for supposedly superior tone and ease of use.
the typical indoor grower usually tends to be an otherwise law-abiding citizen who would not even consider violence or strong arm tactics in marijuana dealing.	the typical indoor grower usually tends to be an otherwise law-abiding citizen who would not consider violence or strong arm tactics in marijuana dealing.
"in an exchange during an interview on fox news between host alan colmes and minutemen member ted hayes, colmes claims that ""critics of the minutemen civil defense corps have often correctly labeled their efforts to secure the u.s. border with mexico as discriminatory against people of color."""	"in an exchange during an interview on fox news between host alan colmes and minutemen member ted hayes, colmes claims that ""critics of the minutemen civil defense corps have often labeled their efforts to secure the u.s. border with mexico as discriminatory against people of color."""
"file:christina hoff sommers.jpg|upafter speaking in favor of gamers, christina hoff sommers has become a "" hero "" among gamergate."	"file:christina hoff sommers.jpg|upafter speaking in favor of gamers, christina hoff sommers has become a "" prominent figure "" among gamergate."
the debate has become a political and legal issue in some countries with anti-abortion campaigners seeking to enact, maintain and expand anti-abortion laws, while abortion rights campaigners seeking the repeal or easing of such laws while improving access to abortion.	the debate has become a political and legal issue in some countries with anti-abortion campaigners seeking to enact, maintain and expand anti-abortion laws, while abortion rights campaigners seeking the repeal or easing of such laws while expanding access to abortion.
benjamin barg (born 1984), better german football player	benjamin barg (born 1984), german football player
it features american musician and vocalist adam young (of owl city and sky sailing fame ).	it features american musician and vocalist adam young (of owl city and sky sailing).
on october 26, 1909, he assassinated it hirobumi, a four-time prime minister of japan and former resident-general of korea, following the signing of the eulsa treaty, with korea on the verge of annexation by japan.	on october 26, 1909, he gunned down it hirobumi, a four-time prime minister of japan and former resident-general of korea, following the signing of the eulsa treaty, with korea on the verge of annexation by japan.
ashley is reasonably upset with her father's death and pushes spencer away.	ashley is upset with her father's death and pushes spencer away.
catholic critics of freemasonry correctly observe that it refuses to promote one faith as being superior to any others, while at the same time it also uses religious-type rituals.	catholic critics of freemasonry observe that it refuses to promote one faith as being superior to any others, while at the same time it also uses religious-type rituals.
pitche blende disbanded in 1970 as tensions ensued with two of the members joining the jesus freak movement while the two sisters had relationship break-ups with the other two male band's members.	pitche blende disbanded in 1970 as tensions ensued with two of the members joining the jesus movement while the two sisters had relationship break-ups with the other two male band's members.
aaron levinson is a veteran record label owner and grammy-winning producer with a background as a musician and composer.	aaron levinson is a veteran record label owner and producer with a background as a musician and composer.
"only 50% of 130 reviews were positive according to rotten tomatoes; the site's general consensus being that although the film ""may seem like just another harry potter knockoff, the film benefits from a strong supporting cast, a speedy plot, and plenty of fun with greek mythology""."	"50% of 130 reviews were positive according to rotten tomatoes; the site's general consensus being that although the film ""may seem like just another harry potter knockoff, the film benefits from a strong supporting cast, a speedy plot, and plenty of fun with greek mythology""."
baen books is an american publishing company established in 1983 by longtime science fiction publisher and editor jim baen.	baen books is an american publishing company established in 1983 by science fiction publisher and editor jim baen.
iran is also one of the few states that comprise the so-called cradle of humanity.	iran is also one of the few states that comprise the cradle of humanity.
several investigations by varying authorities began, but no criminal charges have been filed yet .	several investigations by varying authorities began, but no criminal charges have been filed.
charlotte: a stupid blue little girl from vermont.	charlotte: a highly optimistic blue little girl from vermont.
"he opposes cap and trade and opposed the american clean energy and security act of 2009. in an 2009 editorial, ryan claimed that climatologists have ""used statistical tricks to distort their findings and intentionally mislead the public on the issue of climate change"" and criticized the epa's classification of carbon dioxide as a pollutant."	"he opposes cap and trade and opposed the american clean energy and security act of 2009. in an 2009 editorial, ryan said that climatologists have ""used statistical tricks to distort their findings and intentionally mislead the public on the issue of climate change"" and criticized the epa's classification of carbon dioxide as a pollutant."
"liberal american theologian edgar goodspeed notes, ""but the writer's judaism is not actual and objective, but literary and academic, manifestly gained from the reading of the septuagint greek version of the jewish scriptures, and his polished greek style would be a strange vehicle for a message to aramaic-speaking jews or christians of jewish blood."""	"american theologian edgar goodspeed notes, ""but the writer's judaism is not actual and objective, but literary and academic, manifestly gained from the reading of the septuagint greek version of the jewish scriptures, and his polished greek style would be a strange vehicle for a message to aramaic-speaking jews or christians of jewish blood."""
marquis of pombal, portugese prime minister	marquis of pombal, portuguese prime minister
more than a decade after the collapse of the soviet union in 1991, russia is now trying to establish a market economy and achieve more consistent economic growth.	more than a decade after the collapse of the soviet union in 1991, russia is now trying to further develop a market economy and achieve more consistent economic growth.
wyatt kaldenberg (born 1957 in california, usa) is an american odinist (a type of germanic neopaganism), author of several books, and former leading white supremacist and advocate for tom metzger's white aryan resistance (war) organization.	wyatt kaldenberg (born 1957 in california, usa) is an american odinist (a type of germanic neopaganism), author of several books, and former white supremacist and advocate for tom metzger's white aryan resistance (war) organization.
trade dollars were created by a legal act, the crime of 1873, where silver was de-monetized in the united states (although full de-monetization did not occur until 1900.)	trade dollars were created by a legal act, the coinage act of 1873, where silver was de-monetized in the united states (although full de-monetization did not occur until 1900.)
jackson is often compared with colonel sanders for their strikingly similar appearances.	jackson is often compared with colonel sanders for their allegedly similar appearances.
brodie's early treatment of joseph smith in no man knows my history remains, more than sixty years after first publication, the finest biography of the founder of mormonism from a skeptical perspective.	brodie's early treatment of joseph smith in no man knows my history remains, more than sixty years after first publication, the most commercially successful biography of the founder of mormonism from a skeptical perspective.
"he rejected the phillips curve and accurately predicted that keynesian policies would cause ""stagflation"" (high inflation and low growth)."	"he rejected the phillips curve and predicted that keynesian policies would cause ""stagflation"" (high inflation and low growth)."
cheryl cox tiegs (born september 25, 1947, in breckenridge, minnesota) is an american supermodel .	cheryl cox tiegs (born september 25, 1947, in breckenridge, minnesota) is an american model .
the varying types of bibles consist of a combination of fiction (such as the story of noah's ark, and the use of supernatural powers etc.	the varying types of bibles consist of a combination of narratives (such as the story of noah's ark, and the use of supernatural powers etc.
"dictator nicols maduro labeled the incident as a ""terrorist attack"" while others described the incident as a staged operation."	"president nicols maduro labeled the incident as a ""terrorist attack"" while others described the incident as a staged operation."
the shell station (foreground) has not yet posted the whopping 12 cent price hike.	the shell station (foreground) has not yet posted the 12 cent price hike.
mark boal (born 1973) is an award-winning american journalist, screenwriter and producer.	mark boal (born 1973) is an american journalist, screenwriter and producer.
then, in 1992, bentyne released her long-awaited debut solo album something cool.	then, in 1992, bentyne released her debut solo album something cool.
however, this perception of a drastic shift may result from a tendency to try to place libertarianism on the traditional right-left spectrum of american politics, as well as from heinlein's iconoclasm, and unwillingness to let himself be pigeonholed into any ideology (including libertarianism).	however, this perception of a drastic shift may result from a tendency to make the mistake of trying to place libertarianism on the traditional right-left spectrum of american politics, as well as from heinlein's iconoclasm, and unwillingness to let himself be pigeonholed into any ideology (including libertarianism).
an example of this alleged attitude is the previous displaying of the picture of an ulster volunteer force member who was allegedly involved, among others, in the murder of 26 people in dublin in the 1974 dublin and monaghan bombings, and who was himself murdered by the provisional ira in 1976. his picture had appeared at fair rallies and an organiser of the love ulster demonstration previously told a republican newspaper that he would not guarantee that images of the murder suspect would not be displayed during the demonstration.	an example of this alleged attitude is the previous displaying of the picture of an ulster volunteer force member who was allegedly involved, among others, in the murder of 26 people in dublin in the 1974 dublin and monaghan bombings, and who was himself killed by the provisional ira in 1976. his picture had appeared at fair rallies and an organiser of the love ulster demonstration previously told a republican newspaper that he would not guarantee that images of the murder suspect would not be displayed during the demonstration.
instead, mulcahy unselfishly stepped aside and allowed costello to become taoiseach.	instead, mulcahy stepped aside and allowed costello to become taoiseach.
the military history of bulgaria during world war ii embraces a primary period of neutrality until 1 march 1941, a period of alliance with the axis powers until 9 september 1944 and a period of alignment with the allies until the end of the war.	the military history of bulgaria during world war ii encompasses a primary period of neutrality until 1 march 1941, a period of alliance with the axis powers until 9 september 1944 and a period of alignment with the allies until the end of the war.
during an attempt by the galactica to spread a virus in order to wipe out the cylon race, agathon treasonously sabotages a key part of the plan in order to prevent the elimination of the cylon race because he considers such an action to be genocidal, and therefore profoundly immoral.	during an attempt by the galactica to spread a virus in order to wipe out the cylon race, agathon disobeys orders and sabotages a key part of the plan in order to prevent the elimination of the cylon race because he considers such an action to be genocidal, and therefore profoundly immoral.
"she was criticised in some quarters for changing the identity of the channel, removing the bbc one clock and the globe idents which had been used since 1963 (although the globe theme had already been considerably weakened by the introduction of the previous balloon idents in 1997, and on-air clocks are now inherently inaccurate because of the variable amount of time taken to encode and transmit digital television to the viewers via terrestrial and satellite transmissions), and replacing them with the much-derided ""rhythm & movement"" ident set intended to promote the bbc's multiculturalism."	"she was criticised in some quarters for changing the identity of the channel, removing the bbc one clock and the globe idents which had been used since 1963 (although the globe theme had already been considerably weakened by the introduction of the previous balloon idents in 1997, and on-air clocks are now inherently inaccurate because of the variable amount of time taken to encode and transmit digital television to the viewers via terrestrial and satellite transmissions), and replacing them with the ""rhythm & movement"" ident set intended to promote the bbc's multiculturalism."
virendranath chattopadhyaya , alias chatto, (1880 september 2, 1937, moscow), was a prominent hindu indian revolutionary who worked to overthrow the british raj in india by using violence as a tool.	virendranath chattopadhyaya , alias chatto, (1880 september 2, 1937, moscow), was a prominent hindu indian revolutionary who worked to overthrow the british raj in india by using the force of arms as a tool.
"an interesting interview with scorupco taken after filming ""vertical limit"""	"an interview with scorupco taken after filming ""vertical limit"""
he sent radio signals of 300 meters (and up to 6 kilometers) on sailsbury plain (england) in 1896.	he sent radio signals of 300 meters (and up to 6 kilometers) on salisbury plain (england) in 1896.
its appropriation and dissemination by the mainstream north american media was astonishingly rapid, as by september 16, 2001, even the purportedly circumspect new york times had adopted it.	its appropriation and dissemination by the mainstream north american media was rapid, as by september 16, 2001, even the purportedly circumspect new york times had adopted it.
in sexing the body: gender politics and the construction of sexuality, anne fausto-sterling challenges many of the biological facts surrounding how we constitute gender and sexuality.	in sexing the body: gender politics and the construction of sexuality, anne fausto-sterling challenges many of the biological underpinnings surrounding how we constitute gender and sexuality.
this is a list of notable puerto ricans in the united states, including people born in the us who are of puerto rican descent, and puerto ricans who live in the us.	this is a list of puerto ricans in the united states, including people born in the us who are of puerto rican descent, and puerto ricans who live in the us.
he later became an executive producer and writer on popular fox shows including the award-winning drama series, 24, and most recently, the epic steven spielberg family adventure, terra nova.	he later became an executive producer and writer on popular fox shows including the award-winning drama series, 24, and most recently, the steven spielberg family adventure, terra nova.
it was founded on january 21, 2007 and has only about 100 members.	it was founded on january 21, 2007 and has about 100 members.
hearing that ann sather was retiring and closing her famous restaurant in lakeview in 1981, tunney met with sather offering a proposal to purchase her business.	hearing that ann sather was retiring and closing her restaurant in lakeview in 1981, tunney met with sather offering a proposal to purchase her business.
the killings have been attributed to a combination of traditional antisemitism, the targeting of polish jews as being responsible for the communist consolidation of power in postwar poland, and a fear that returning survivors would reclaim their property.	the killings have been attributed to a combination of antisemitism, the targeting of polish jews as being responsible for the communist consolidation of power in postwar poland, and a fear that returning survivors would reclaim their property.
the sri lanka blue magpie or ceylon magpie (urocissa ornata) is a beautiful member of the crow family living in the hill forests of sri lanka, where it is endemic.	the sri lanka blue magpie or ceylon magpie (urocissa ornata) is a member of the crow family living in the hill forests of sri lanka, where it is endemic.
andela is a startup focused on training quality developers in africa through their bootcamp and four-year fellowship program, during which they pair their trainees with u.s. companies needing development help.	andela is a startup focused on training software developers in africa through their bootcamp and four-year fellowship program, during which they pair their trainees with u.s. companies needing development help.
shot in super 16 over a 12-month period in switzerland, italy, france, and the moors of england, the film captures balthus's unique vision and extraordinary lifestyle.	shot in super 16 over a 12-month period in switzerland, italy, france, and the moors of england, the film focuses on balthus's unique vision and extraordinary lifestyle.
kiip is a mobile rewards network that enables brands and companies to prompt consumers for commercial offers on virtual achievements.	kiip is a mobile advertising network that enables brands and companies to prompt consumers for commercial offers on virtual achievements.
holy quran: various aspects	quran: various aspects
when just 5 years old, gagnon's father william was tragically killed along with several others in an avalanche during an organised hike in the mountains of quebec.	when just 5 years old, gagnon's father william was killed along with several others in an avalanche during an organised hike in the mountains of quebec.
because ottawa is in the core of an urban area (national capital region) extending into french-speaking quebec, the city is very bilingual.	because ottawa is in the core of an urban area (national capital region) extending into french-speaking quebec, the city is bilingual.
nowadays the amiga is sometimes incorrectly called a games console, though it was and still is a fully featured computer system superior to the modern windows pcs.	nowadays the amiga is sometimes incorrectly called a games console, though it was and still is a fully featured computer system similar to the modern windows pcs.
thomas p.m. barnett, new york times best selling author and leading american military strategist, known in second life by the same name.	thomas p.m. barnett, new york times best selling author and american military strategist, known in second life by the same name.
a pro- abortion activist ship has been blocked from entering the moroccan port of smir; the vessel is operated by the dutch non-profit organization women on waves, which provides abortions and related medical services to women living in countries with restrictive abortion laws.	a pro- choice activist ship has been blocked from entering the moroccan port of smir; the vessel is operated by the dutch non-profit organization women on waves, which provides abortions and related medical services to women living in countries with restrictive abortion laws.
the akademi recognizes superior literary works every year through its prestigious literary awards.	the akademi recognizes superior literary works every year through its literary awards.
while championing family values, fossella shuns his sister - an open lesbian - and refuses to go to family events if she and her partner attend.	championing family values, fossella shuns his sister - an open lesbian - and refuses to go to family events if she and her partner attend.
an arctic roll is a delicious british dessert made of ice cream wrapped in sponge cake to form a roll, often with jam between the sponge and the ice cream.	an arctic roll is a british dessert made of ice cream wrapped in sponge cake to form a roll, often with jam between the sponge and the ice cream.
this beauty was made with brazilian rosewood fretboard, mahogany body, flame maple top and nitrocellulose lacquer.	this was made with brazilian rosewood fretboard, mahogany body, flame maple top and nitrocellulose lacquer.
vic bubas (born 1926 in gary, indiana) is a legendary former basketball coach of duke university.	vic bubas (born 1926 in gary, indiana) is a former basketball coach of duke university.
the following summary of the town's public houses and working men's clubs affords some fascinating insights into the social history of the town.information on history of coalville's public houses and working men's clubs taken from website by stephen neale badcock - geocities - no longer extant.	the following summary of the town's public houses and working men's clubs affords some insights into the social history of the town.information on history of coalville's public houses and working men's clubs taken from website by stephen neale badcock - geocities - no longer extant.
by december 2008, trisquel gnu/linux was included by the fsf in its list of gnu/ linux distributions endorsed by the free software foundation.	by december 2008, trisquel gnu/linux was included by the fsf in its list of linux distributions endorsed by the free software foundation.
matthew david mcconaughey (; born november 4, 1969) is an acclaimed american actor.	matthew david mcconaughey (; born november 4, 1969) is an american actor.
valerie sadly died on 17 may 2006.	valerie died on 17 may 2006.
some of the best-known examples include the linux kernel, the bsd and gnu/ linux operating systems, the gnu compiler collection and c library; the mysql relational database; the apache web server; and the sendmail mail transport agent.	some of the best-known examples include the linux kernel, the bsd and linux operating systems, the gnu compiler collection and c library; the mysql relational database; the apache web server; and the sendmail mail transport agent.
when confronted about the conviction by the sun in late october, 2009, judd stated:	when asked about the conviction by the sun in late october, 2009, judd stated:
it was founded as the university of durham (which remains its official and legal name ) by act of parliament in 1832 and granted a royal charter in 1837. it was one of the first new universities to open in england for over 500 years, and is england's third oldest after oxford and cambridge (although other higher education institutions also make this claim see third oldest university in england debate).	it was founded as the university of durham (which remains its official and legal name ) by act of parliament in 1832 and granted a royal charter in 1837. it was one of the first new universities to open in england for over 500 years, and claims to be england's third oldest after oxford and cambridge (although other higher education institutions also make this claim see third oldest university in england debate).
while most countries celebrate christmas on december 25 each year, some eastern national churches, including those of russia, georgia, egypt, armenia, ukraine, fyrom and serbia celebrate on january 7. this is because of their use of the traditional julian calendar, under which december 25 falls on january 7 as measured by the standard gregorian calendar.	while most countries celebrate christmas on december 25 each year, some eastern national churches, including those of russia, georgia, egypt, armenia, ukraine, macedonia and serbia celebrate on january 7. this is because of their use of the traditional julian calendar, under which december 25 falls on january 7 as measured by the standard gregorian calendar.
greek genocide also known as the pontic genocide, was the systematic extermination of the greek population from its historic homeland in asia minor during world war i and its aftermath (19141923).	greek genocide also known as the pontic genocide, was the systematic extermination of the greek population from its homeland in asia minor during world war i and its aftermath (19141923).
he also stated that he was retaining authority on matters that the constitution required him to retain authority over, presumably foreign affairs and defense policy, as well as relations with mainland china.	he also stated that he was retaining authority on matters that the constitution required him to retain authority over, presumably foreign affairs and defense policy, as well as relations with china.
the university of chicago department, considered one of the world's foremost economics departments, has fielded more nobel prize laureates and john bates clark medalists in economics than any other university.	the university of chicago department, considered one of the world's foremost economics departments, has fielded more bank of sweden prize laureates and john bates clark medalists in economics than any other university.
the battle of chilcheollyang was one of japan's most effective naval victories of the entire war.	the battle of chilcheollyang was one of japan's most decisive naval victories of the entire war.
"vietnam war hero david h. hackworth recalled: ""one of the bulldozers uncovered the decomposing body of an enemy soldier, complete with ak47."	"vietnam war veteran david h. hackworth recalled: ""one of the bulldozers uncovered the decomposing body of an enemy soldier, complete with ak47."
in 2013, iran was only one of four countries known to have committed public executions.	in 2013, iran was only one of four countries known to have held public executions.
she is president and ceo of the polling company inc./woman trend, and has been a regular political commentator on cnn, fox news, fox business, and more.	she is president and ceo of the polling company inc./woman trend, and has been a political commentator on cnn, fox news, fox business, and more.
grant became something of a spokesman against murdoch's news corporation, culminating in a bravura performance on bbc television's question time in july 2011.	grant became something of a spokesman against murdoch's news corporation, culminating in a performance on bbc television's question time in july 2011.
alpha 66 was a paramilitary terrorist group formed by cuban exiles in florida who trained during the 1960s and 70s in the everglades for an eventual armed invasion of cuba.	alpha 66 was a paramilitary group formed by cuban exiles in florida who trained during the 1960s and 70s in the everglades for an eventual armed invasion of cuba.
wheatsheaf park is the home of the famous staines town football club wheatsheaf park, it is situated in wheatsheaf lane, staines.	wheatsheaf park is the home of the staines town football club wheatsheaf park, it is situated in wheatsheaf lane, staines.
he admired the industriousness of the bourgeoisie, but criticised it for its moral hypocrisy.	he commended the industriousness of the bourgeoisie, but criticised it for its moral hypocrisy.
the singing revolution is the common title for events between 1987 and 1990 that led to the renewal of independence of estonia, latvia, and lithuania.	the singing revolution is the common title for events between 1987 and 1990 that led to the regaining of independence of estonia, latvia, and lithuania.
judge wapner's animal court was an american television program in which judge joseph wapner and his trusty bailiff rusty burrell preside over real cases involving or about animals.	judge wapner's animal court was an american television program in which judge joseph wapner and his bailiff rusty burrell preside over real cases involving or about animals.
realclearpolitics is a chicago based conservative political website founded in 2000 by john mcintyre and tom bevan.	realclearpolitics is a chicago based political website founded in 2000 by john mcintyre and tom bevan.
the israel defense forces report the complete destruction of an underground terror tunnel dug by hamas under the kerem shalom crossing.	the israel defense forces report the complete destruction of an underground tunnel dug by hamas under the kerem shalom crossing.
the actual number of non-human animals and great apes killed has distressed many conservationists and advocates of animal rights and great ape personhood.	the number of non-human animals and great apes killed has distressed many conservationists and advocates of animal rights and great ape personhood.
vaccine promotion sites, little or no critical viewpoint	vaccine promotion sites, little or no anti-vaccination viewpoint
it is not clear whether any reputable news source reported his death	it is not clear whether any mainstream news source reported his death
he was an authority on st. augustine, and a gifted translator of theological works from german.	he was an authority on st. augustine, and a translator of theological works from german.
since 2008, nemtsov and vladimir milov have published several reports criticising putin's regime and proposing alternative ways of development for the country:	since 2008, nemtsov and vladimir milov have published several reports criticising putin's government and proposing alternative ways of development for the country:
cal poly's admissions process is very selective.	cal poly's admissions process is selective.
"the book ""pitman painters"" by william feaver, recording the development of the ashington group, 1934 to 1984, has been made into a brilliant play by lee hall, well known for ""billy elliot""."	"the book ""pitman painters"" by william feaver, recording the development of the ashington group, 1934 to 1984, has been made into a play by lee hall, well known for ""billy elliot""."
august 24 - a group of armed cuban exile terrorists fire at a hotel in havana from a speedboat.	august 24 - a group of armed cuban exile insurgents fire at a hotel in havana from a speedboat.
the outage only lasted around 25 minutes.	the outage lasted around 25 minutes.
hal, safely trapped in a holding cage	hal, trapped in a holding cage
scottish comedienne karen dunbar has taken on the leading female comic role in recent years; starting in 2007 as nanny begood in sleeping beauty she then appeared in cinderella in 2008, aladdin in 2009, and again as nanny begood in 2011, she created the role of mrs mcconkey in cinderella in 2012 and most recently appeared as the slave of the ring in aladdin in 2013.	scottish comedian karen dunbar has taken on the leading female comic role in recent years; starting in 2007 as nanny begood in sleeping beauty she then appeared in cinderella in 2008, aladdin in 2009, and again as nanny begood in 2011, she created the role of mrs mcconkey in cinderella in 2012 and most recently appeared as the slave of the ring in aladdin in 2013.
with its affordable price and attractive design, it became one of the best-selling chairs ever made.	with its affordable price and simple design, it became one of the best-selling chairs ever made.
persecution of falun gong	prohibition of falun gong
hong kong's magnificent harbour has facilitated rapid development of foreign trade.	hong kong's victoria harbour has facilitated rapid development of foreign trade.
a suicide bomb attack in front of a crowded discotheque late friday on 1 june 2001 killed 21 people of which 13 of the fatalities were under the age of 18. the armed wing of the palestinian terrorist group hamas claimed responsibility.	a suicide bomb attack in front of a crowded discotheque late friday on 1 june 2001 killed 21 people of which 13 of the fatalities were under the age of 18. the armed wing of the palestinian group hamas claimed responsibility.
in october 2014, she appeared in the eighth episode of the eighth series of the hit bbc sci-fi series doctor who, playing the role of maisie pitt in the story mummy on the orient express.	in october 2014, she appeared in the eighth episode of the eighth series of the bbc sci-fi series doctor who, playing the role of maisie pitt in the story mummy on the orient express.
e. , during the reign of josiah.	623 , during the reign of josiah.
"the introduction of this episode parodies the dateline nbc series ""to catch a predator"", where investigator chris hansen confronts chat room predators looking to molest minors."	"the introduction of this episode parodies the dateline nbc series ""to catch a predator"", where investigator chris hansen confronts chat room predators looking to set up sexual liaisons with minors."
the locarno discussion arose from exchanges of notes between the british empire, france and germany over the summer of 1925 following german foreign minister gustav stresemann's 9 february proposal for a reciprocal of his country's western frontiers as established under the unfavourable 1919 treaty of versailles, as a means of facilitating germany's diplomatic rehabilitation among the western powers.	the locarno discussion arose from exchanges of notes between the british empire, france and germany over the summer of 1925 following german foreign minister gustav stresemann's 9 february proposal for a reciprocal of his country's western frontiers as established under the 1919 treaty of versailles, as a means of facilitating germany's diplomatic rehabilitation among the western powers.
this originally temporary division occurred after japan's defeat in 1945, which put an end to japan's annexation in 1910 and 35-year of brutal occupation of korea.	this originally temporary division occurred after japan's defeat in 1945, which put an end to japan's annexation in 1910 and 35-year of occupation of korea.
"shortly after the publication of the book the case for israel, norman finkelstein accused its author, alan dershowitz of ""fraud, falsification, plagiarism and nonsense"", claiming that dershowitz had plagiarized joan peters's discredited book from time immemorial."	"shortly after the publication of the book the case for israel, norman finkelstein accused its author, alan dershowitz of ""fraud, falsification, plagiarism and nonsense"", claiming that dershowitz had plagiarized joan peters's controversial book from time immemorial."
yayo has not received critical acclaim for his commercial releases, and his impressive mixtape appearances have not been successfully translated to mainstream success.	yayo has not received critical acclaim for his commercial releases, and his mixtape appearances have not been successfully translated to mainstream success.
the epa began operation on december 2, 1970, when it was established by congress , and has since been chiefly responsible for the environmental policy of the united states.	the epa began operation on december 2, 1970, when it was established by president richard nixon , and has since been chiefly responsible for the environmental policy of the united states.
a turkish military statement said that up to 175 terrorist were killed on that day alone, while iraqi officials reported that the strikes had targeted 10 villages and killed one civilian.	a turkish military statement said that up to 175 rebels were killed on that day alone, while iraqi officials reported that the strikes had targeted 10 villages and killed one civilian.
located in middlebury, connecticut, united states, the school offers grades 9-12. founded in 1909, the school buildings were designed by noted female architect theodate pope riddle.	located in middlebury, connecticut, united states, the school offers grades 9-12. founded in 1909, the school buildings were designed by noted architect theodate pope riddle.
partly because the german people and students were so used to being controlled by a single almighty authority, it was not hard for the german nationalist socialist party headed by adolf hitler to convince most students to join its student organization (the nsdstb - german nationalist socialist student union) and to abandon their right of self determination in favour of a single leader.	partly because the german people and students were so used to being controlled by a single authority, it was not hard for the german nationalist socialist party headed by adolf hitler to convince most students to join its student organization (the nsdstb - german nationalist socialist student union) and to abandon their right of self determination in favour of a single leader.
the book gets its name from mormon, the prophet who abridged the record during the 4th century.	the book gets its name from mormon, the prophet said to have abridged the record during the 4th century.
patrick michael kelly (10 august 1875 – 20 november 1934) was a irish soldier, farmer and politician, and was a member of the irish oireachtas (legislature) representing the clare constituency between 1927 and 1932.	patrick michael kelly (10 august 1875 – 20 november 1934) was a soldier, farmer and politician, and was a member of the irish oireachtas (legislature) representing the clare constituency between 1927 and 1932.
the attack was carried out by israel.	the assassination was carried out by israel.
the commune covers about 2000 acres (8 km) of cultivated lands, two beautiful beaches, and seashore cliffs.	the commune covers about 2000 acres (8 km) of cultivated lands, two beaches, and seashore cliffs.
"he claimed other incidents - with the exception of two mosque attacks (one in grimsby, the other in essex) - were ""relatively minor, such as window-breaking or graffiti""."	"he said other incidents - with the exception of two mosque attacks (one in grimsby, the other in essex) - were ""relatively minor, such as window-breaking or graffiti""."
"mccarthy has recently appeared in the media in the 2005 anti-mccarthy movie good night, and good luck about edward r. murrow and the fall of mccarthy (see ""the fall of mccarthy"" chapter in this article), starring george clooney as fred friendly, co-producer of see it now, murrow's show."	"mccarthy has recently appeared in the media in the 2005 movie good night, and good luck about edward r. murrow and the fall of mccarthy (see ""the fall of mccarthy"" chapter in this article), starring george clooney as fred friendly, co-producer of see it now, murrow's show."
another st. bernard named benedictine v schwarzwald hof (pierson, michigan - usa) also reached 315 lbs, earning a place in the 1981 edition of the guinness book of world records	another st. bernard named benedictine v schwarzwald hof (pierson, michigan - usa) also reached 315 lbs, which earned a place in the 1981 edition of the guinness book of world records
dennis fritz, director of the municipal airport in johnstown, pa., said the faa called him several times as the plane approached his city, and even warned him to evacuate the tower for fear the jet would plow into it.	dennis fritz, director of the municipal airport in johnstown, pa., said the faa called him several times as the plane approached his city, and even warned him to evacuate the tower for fear the jet would crash into it.
it will also grace the nintendo ds and playstation portable in the near future, and will likely be on the upcoming playstation 3, as well.	it will also hit the nintendo ds and playstation portable in the near future, and will likely be on the upcoming playstation 3, as well.
yael nam (hebrew: ) is a french-israeli singer and songwriter who rose to great fame in 2008, after her song, new soul, was used by apple in an advertising campaign for its macbook air.	yael nam (hebrew: ) is a french-israeli singer and songwriter who rose to fame in 2008, after her song, new soul, was used by apple in an advertising campaign for its macbook air.
bork built on the influential critiques of the warren court authored by alexander bickel, who criticized the supreme court under earl warren for shoddy and inconsistent reasoning, undue activism, and misuse of historical materials.	bork built on the influential critiques of the warren court authored by alexander bickel, who criticized the supreme court under earl warren , alleging shoddy and inconsistent reasoning, undue activism, and misuse of historical materials.
the law of nigeria is based on the rule of law, the independence of the judiciary, and british common law ( thanks to the long history of british colonial influence).	the law of nigeria is based on the rule of law, the independence of the judiciary, and british common law ( due to the long history of british colonial influence).
while it is intuitively accessible to human users via a web browser, its primary use is in automatic text analysis and artificial intelligence applications.	while it is accessible to human users via a web browser, its primary use is in automatic text analysis and artificial intelligence applications.
they maintained their fight for the championship until their last fixture, which they needed to win to give them a chance of taking the title, unfortunately they were beaten by argentinos juniors meaning that the title went to club atltico lans and tigre finished in a creditable 2nd place.	they maintained their fight for the championship until their last fixture, which they needed to win to give them a chance of taking the title, however they were beaten by argentinos juniors meaning that the title went to club atltico lans and tigre finished in a creditable 2nd place.
refutation of anti-semitic allegations concerning the talmud	refutation of allegations concerning the talmud
beautiful world is the fourth full-length english studio album from superior british boy band take that.	beautiful world is the fourth full-length english studio album from british boy band take that.
snoop dogg was arrested yet again on march 12 2007 at 1:25 a.m cet after performing in a concert with p.diddy in stockholm's globe arena, sweden.	snoop dogg was arrested again on march 12 2007 at 1:25 a.m cet after performing in a concert with p.diddy in stockholm's globe arena, sweden.
hugo rafael chvez fras (; 28 july 1954  5 march 2013) was a venezuelan leader who was president of venezuela from 1999 to 2013. chvez was also leader of the fifth republic movement political party from its foundation in 1997 until 2007, when it merged with several other parties to form the united socialist party of venezuela (psuv), which he led until 2012.	hugo rafael chvez fras (; 28 july 1954  5 march 2013) was a venezuelan politician who was president of venezuela from 1999 to 2013. chvez was also leader of the fifth republic movement political party from its foundation in 1997 until 2007, when it merged with several other parties to form the united socialist party of venezuela (psuv), which he led until 2012.
pruter died november 18, 2007 and the church did not completely survive his passing , although remnants of the works of christ catholic church (pruter) remain.	pruter died november 18, 2007 and the church did not completely survive his death , although remnants of the works of christ catholic church (pruter) remain.
"to date the shalka doctor has appeared in only three officially licensed doctor who products: the original webcast, the novelisation of the webcast by paul cornell which was released by bbc books, and the short story ""the feast of the stone"" by cavan scott and mark wright which has to date only been published on the bbc's ""cult vampire magazine"" webpage."	"to date the shalka doctor has appeared in three officially licensed doctor who products: the original webcast, the novelisation of the webcast by paul cornell which was released by bbc books, and the short story ""the feast of the stone"" by cavan scott and mark wright which has to date only been published on the bbc's ""cult vampire magazine"" webpage."
other plaques issued by municipal authorities, societies, companies, or private individuals that emulate the style and function of the official plaques.	other plaques issued by municipal authorities, societies, companies, or private individuals that emulate the style and function of the original plaques.
scanlation (also scanslation) is the unofficial scanning, translation, editing and distribution of comics from a foreign language into the language of the distributors.	scanlation (also scanslation) is the unauthorised scanning, translation, editing and distribution of comics from a foreign language into the language of the distributors.
it was the dominant religion of the region before the invasion of christianity, which forced it into dormancy.	it was the dominant religion of the region before the spread of christianity, which forced it into dormancy.
the non-profit organization operates the annenberg retreat at sunnylands, which hosted the historic summit between u.s. president barack obama and chinese president xi jinping in 2013 and the u.s.-asean leaders summit in 2016. previously, lane was the united states ambassador to the united nations agencies for food and agriculture, serving in rome, italy.	the non-profit organization operates the annenberg retreat at sunnylands, which hosted the summit between u.s. president barack obama and chinese president xi jinping in 2013 and the u.s.-asean leaders summit in 2016. previously, lane was the united states ambassador to the united nations agencies for food and agriculture, serving in rome, italy.
after world war i, the prestigious and respected rank of field marshal was banned alongside other harsh military restrictions imposed on the newly formed weimar republic.	after world war i, the prestigious and respected rank of field marshal was banned alongside other military restrictions imposed on the newly formed weimar republic.
"other kfi hosts like bill handel or john ziegler refer to him as ""mayor viva la raza"" because of his support for the racist hispanic league la raza."	"other kfi hosts like bill handel or john ziegler refer to him as ""mayor viva la raza"" because of his support for the hispanic league la raza."
ral castro was duly chosen to serve as next president by a unanimous vote of the national assembly on 24 february 2008, with jos machado ventura as his vice president.	ral castro was chosen to serve as next president by a unanimous vote of the national assembly on 24 february 2008, with jos machado ventura as his vice president.
on 22 february 2014 ukrainian ultra-nationalst protesters overthrew the administration president viktor yanukovych and the opposition took control of the capital city and national government.	on 22 february 2014 ukrainian protesters overthrew the administration president viktor yanukovych and the opposition took control of the capital city and national government.
the ahmadiyya movement (an islamic sect that originated during the 19th century, with a small number of followers but now numbers around 80 million) believes that jesus survived the crucifixion and traveled to kashmir, where he died as a prophet under the name of yuz asaf (whose grave they identify in srinagar, india).	the ahmadiyya movement (an islamic sect that originated during the 19th century, with a small number of followers but now numbers around 80 million) believes that jesus survived the crucifixion and went to kashmir, where he died as a prophet under the name of yuz asaf (whose grave they identify in srinagar, india).
he visited india in 1965 for the first time and joined evangelical missionary society of mayurbhanj (emsm), working in this remote backward tribal area, with a long history of missionary activity.	he visited india in 1965 for the first time and joined evangelical missionary society of mayurbhanj (emsm), working in this remote tribal area, with a long history of missionary activity.
"magorzata czerniakowska believes that ""jan heweliusz was the first pole included among the members of the royal society in london."	"magorzata czerniakowska writes that ""jan heweliusz was the first pole included among the members of the royal society in london."
in response to criticism, limbaugh claimed that his production staff had played a trick on him.	in response to criticism, limbaugh said that his production staff had played a trick on him.
intel quickpath interconnect support which directly connects to the cpu, removing the outdated fsb technology.	intel quickpath interconnect support which directly connects to the cpu, removing the older fsb technology.
unfortunately both no longer publish japanese comics in british versions, for orion, the reprints they were handling have been switched to having the original american versions imported, however all japanese comic publishings by random house were abandoned in early 2009. simultaneously, the very small press fanfare has published a few uk-exclusive english-language editions of alternative japanese manga and french bande dessine, both sublicenced from the spanish publisher ponent mon.	both no longer publish japanese comics in british versions, for orion, the reprints they were handling have been switched to having the original american versions imported, however all japanese comic publishings by random house were abandoned in early 2009. simultaneously, the very small press fanfare has published a few uk-exclusive english-language editions of alternative japanese manga and french bande dessine, both sublicenced from the spanish publisher ponent mon.
"the church bases its work around the belief expressed by its best known slogan and the address of its primary website, ""god hates fags,"" and expresses the idea that every tragedy in the world is linked to homosexuality – specifically society's increasing tolerance and acceptance of the so-called ""homosexual agenda."""	"the church bases its work around the belief expressed by its best known slogan and the address of its primary website, ""god hates fags,"" and expresses the idea that every tragedy in the world is linked to homosexuality – specifically society's increasing tolerance and acceptance of the ""homosexual agenda."""
press tv is a 24-hour english language global news network controlled by the iranian government.	press tv is a 24-hour english language global news network owned by the iranian government.
g- nyne (fireman's carry drop (shad) / front flip neckbreaker (jtg) combo)	g- 9 (fireman's carry drop (shad) / front flip neckbreaker (jtg) combo)
paul singer's cayman islands-based vulture fund nml capital limited is the principal litigant in this dispute, having paid usd49 million in the secondary market for bonds worth usd832 million by 2014.	paul singer's cayman islands-based hedge fund nml capital limited is the principal litigant in this dispute, having paid usd49 million in the secondary market for bonds worth usd832 million by 2014.
the first edition of the book was beautifully illustrated by eileen soper.	the first edition of the book was illustrated by eileen soper.
he is given a title of serial kisser because of his disguisting kissing scenes in bollywood movies.	he is given a title of serial kisser because of his kissing scenes in bollywood movies.
richard gombrich says that the main preachings of the buddha (as in the vinaya and sutta pitaka) are coherent and cogent, and must be the work of a single genius : the buddha himself, not a committee of followers after his death.	richard gombrich says that the main preachings of the buddha (as in the vinaya and sutta pitaka) are coherent and cogent, and must be the work of a single person : the buddha himself, not a committee of followers after his death.
tanner is best remembered for his devastating left-handed serve, his victory at the 1977 australian open (january) and 5-set loss to bjrn borg in the 1979 wimbledon finals.	tanner is remembered for his devastating left-handed serve, his victory at the 1977 australian open (january) and 5-set loss to bjrn borg in the 1979 wimbledon finals.
the board itself was christened the 'curcio-mcivor' board, in honor of past players frank curcio and scott mcivor.	the board itself was named the 'curcio-mcivor' board, in honor of past players frank curcio and scott mcivor.
"they believe the general population has accepted this deeply-flawed hypothesis into their understanding of mental illness uncritically; other critics have pointed to the lack of an established chemical balance (without which the notion of an ""imbalance"" would be meaningless)."	"they believe the general population has accepted this hypothesis into their understanding of mental illness uncritically; other critics have pointed to the lack of an established chemical balance (without which the notion of an ""imbalance"" would be meaningless)."
notable regular contributors (present)	regular contributors (present)
"deaver, whose suspense fiction has been hailed as ""a thrill ride between covers"" by the los angels times, brilliantly imagines a chilling scenario: a killer who is set to strike on the last night of this century - and unleash a devastation plot of mayhem and murder."	"deaver, whose suspense fiction has been hailed as ""a thrill ride between covers"" by the los angels times, imagines a chilling scenario: a killer who is set to strike on the last night of this century - and unleash a devastation plot of mayhem and murder."
a pisudskiite (in polish, pisudczyk) was a partisan of poland's jzef pisudski, founder of the world war i-era polish legions, a principal architect of poland's restoration to independent statehood following world war i, and a major influence on polish politics especially between the may 1926 coup and pisudski's death in 1935.	a pisudskiite (in polish, pisudczyk) was a partisan of poland's jzef pisudski, founder of the world war i-era polish legions, a co- architect of poland's restoration to independent statehood following world war i, and a major influence on polish politics especially between the may 1926 coup and pisudski's death in 1935.
"in 1996, american bishop fabian bruskewitz gained national attention for asserting that local catholics who are members of several problematic associations thought to be ""totally incompatible with the catholic faith"" would incur automatic excommunication."	"in 1996, american bishop fabian bruskewitz gained national attention for asserting that local catholics who are members of several associations thought to be ""totally incompatible with the catholic faith"" would incur automatic excommunication."
during the same time, public morals concerning sexual matters were affected negatively by the discovery of hiv and aids, reverting social achievements of the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s.	during the same time, public morals concerning sexual matters were affected negatively by the discovery of hiv and aids, reverting social changes of the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s.
in late 2007, bloom began dating australian supermodel miranda kerr.	in late 2007, bloom began dating australian model miranda kerr.
until the mid-19th century, it was a rural agricultural area, with an open landscape affording spectacular views of the river valley.	until the mid-19th century, it was a rural agricultural area, with an open landscape affording views of the river valley.
juan ferrara (born juan flix gutirrez puerta, november 8, 1943 in mexico) is a famous mexican telenovela and film actor.	juan ferrara (born juan flix gutirrez puerta, november 8, 1943 in mexico) is a mexican telenovela and film actor.
akiva eldar ( born november 27, 1945) is an israeli journalist and author, currently a chief political columnist and editorial writer for the leftist israeli national daily ha'aretz.	akiva eldar ( born november 27, 1945) is an israeli journalist and author, currently a chief political columnist and editorial writer for the israeli national daily ha'aretz.
the temple has beautiful statues of various hindu deities including chandi, radha krishna, hanuman, shiva and ram.	the temple has statues of various hindu deities including chandi, radha krishna, hanuman, shiva and ram.
some of the indigenous uighur people claim that the region, which they view as their fatherland and refer to as east turkestan, is not part of china, but was invaded by china in 1949 and is since under chinese occupation.	some of the local uighur people claim that the region, which they view as their fatherland and refer to as east turkestan, is not part of china, but was invaded by china in 1949 and is since under chinese occupation.
nazi germany murdered about 11 million people in the holocaust, including nearly 6 million jews.	nazi germany killed about 11 million people in the holocaust, including nearly 6 million jews.
muhammad, a meccan merchant , stated that from the age of 40, he was receiving revelations from god.	muhammad, a meccan, stated that from the age of 40, he was receiving revelations from god.
the term amazon tax refers to laws passed in the united states designed to enforce the collection of sales taxes against online retailers such as amazon.com.	the term amazon tax refers to laws passed in the united states designed to enforce the collection of sales taxes from online retailers such as amazon.com.
a poll conducted by the crimean institute of political and social research on 810 march 2014 found that 77% of respondents planned to vote for reunification , and 97% assessed the current situation in ukraine as negative.	a poll conducted by the crimean institute of political and social research on 810 march 2014 found that 77% of respondents planned to vote for seceding to russia , and 97% assessed the current situation in ukraine as negative.
foote wood is one of four children of stanley wood and nellie mape; he has three sisters, the comedienne victoria, penny and rosalind.	foote wood is one of four children of stanley wood and nellie mape; he has three sisters, the comedian victoria, penny and rosalind.
this concise and engaging piece of literature explores not only the histories and current statuses of the sciences, but also reveals their humble and often humorous beginnings.	this concise and popular piece of literature explores not only the histories and current statuses of the sciences, but also reveals their humble and often humorous beginnings.
other observers insist that the differences may be entirely environmental.	other observers suggest that the differences may be entirely environmental.
in criticising the position of the conservative london major boris johnson, he has argued in favour of arming the opponents of the bashar al-assad regime in syria.	in criticising the position of the conservative london major boris johnson, he has argued in favour of arming the opponents of the bashar al-assad government in syria.
anne (titled anne with an e for international distribution on netflix) is a canadian drama television series loosely based on the 1908 novel anne of green gables by lucy maud montgomery, and adapted by emmy award-winning writer and producer moira walley-beckett.	anne (titled anne with an e for international distribution on netflix) is a canadian drama television series based on the 1908 novel anne of green gables by lucy maud montgomery, and adapted by emmy award-winning writer and producer moira walley-beckett.
militancy and terrorism	militancy and political violence
in 1956 juan carlos accidentally killed his brother alfonso in a tragic shooting incident.	in 1956 juan carlos accidentally killed his brother alfonso in a shooting incident.
after his return from palestine, his younger brother rex farran was murdered by a parcel bomb sent by jewish terrorist group lehi at the family home in codsall, warwickshire.	after his return from palestine, his younger brother rex farran was killed by a parcel bomb sent by jewish terrorist group lehi at the family home in codsall, warwickshire.
after watching an airing of the speech a couple weeks later on c-span, al franken performed a search on nexis and found three previous occasions dating back to august 30, 1999 where o'reilly had repeated the false claim .	after watching an airing of the speech a couple weeks later on c-span, al franken performed a search on nexis and found three previous occasions dating back to august 30, 1999 where o'reilly had repeated the incorrect claim .
intact dilation and extraction is a surgical technique which can be used for partial-birth abortion or the removal of a dead fetus after a late-term miscarriage, in which the patient's cervix is dilated and fetus extracted in substantially one piece.	intact dilation and extraction is a surgical technique which can be used for abortion or the removal of a dead fetus after a late-term miscarriage, in which the patient's cervix is dilated and fetus extracted in substantially one piece.
around the late 1980's, the theatre sadly closed its doors.	around the late 1980's, the theatre closed its doors.
in a confrontation that was broadcast on amy goodman's daily leftist current affairs show on the pacifica radio network, finkelstein showed that a reference deshowitz had cited for a count of between 2,000 and 3,000 emigrant arabs actually gave the range as between 200,000 to 300,000. dershowitz replied that the mistake could not have been intentional on his part, because he had used these numbers to counter a claim that no arabs at all had emigrated during the interval he had been addressing, and because it would only have served his argument better to have gotten the numbers right.	in a confrontation that was broadcast on amy goodman's daily current affairs show on the pacifica radio network, finkelstein showed that a reference deshowitz had cited for a count of between 2,000 and 3,000 emigrant arabs actually gave the range as between 200,000 to 300,000. dershowitz replied that the mistake could not have been intentional on his part, because he had used these numbers to counter a claim that no arabs at all had emigrated during the interval he had been addressing, and because it would only have served his argument better to have gotten the numbers right.
muse became the first band to perform at wembley when they played two shows on june 16, 2007 and june 17, 2007. they were also the first artists to sell out wembley stadium, for the first of their two outstanding performances.	muse became the first band to perform at wembley when they played two shows on june 16, 2007 and june 17, 2007. they were also the first artists to sell out wembley stadium, for the first of their two performances.
formed in october 1984 by a group of senior scientologists, who assembled at saint hill manor in east grinstead, sussex, england.	formed in october 1984 by a group of selected scientologists, who assembled at saint hill manor in east grinstead, sussex, england.
"on the news section of the alternative tentacles website he stated, ""i am sorry i have to be the whistle blower yet again."	"on the news section of the alternative tentacles website biafra stated, ""i am sorry i have to be the whistle blower yet again."
the extremist egyptian mufti sheikh jad al-hqq 'ali jad al-hqq issued, in 1994, a fatwa stating: circumcision is mandatory for men and for women.	the egyptian mufti sheikh jad al-hqq 'ali jad al-hqq issued, in 1994, a fatwa stating: circumcision is mandatory for men and for women.
after achieving sobriety in late 1986, he headlined concert tours with jeff beck in 1989 and joe cocker in 1990 before his tragic death in a helicopter crash on august 27, 1990, at the age of 35.	after achieving sobriety in late 1986, he headlined concert tours with jeff beck in 1989 and joe cocker in 1990 before his death in a helicopter crash on august 27, 1990, at the age of 35.
the dark dancer is a sobering study of the conflicts of the partition; too long in the west, on the other hand, is a charming satire (perhaps influenced by tagore's farewell, my friend) about a girl's return to her home village after an emancipating education in new york.	the dark dancer is a sobering study of the conflicts of the partition; too long in the west, on the other hand, is a more light-hearted satire (perhaps influenced by tagore's farewell, my friend) about a girl's return to her home village after an emancipating education in new york.
retrospect ensemble is a prominent british period music orchestra, chamber ensemble and choir with an extensive international touring and recording programme.	retrospect ensemble is a british period music orchestra, chamber ensemble and choir with an extensive international touring and recording programme.
stevens, jr., was born in los angeles, california, son of academy awardwinning director george stevens (19041975), and actress mother yvonne howell (ne julia rose shevlin; 19052010), and grandson of actors landers stevens, georgie cooper and comedienne alice howell.	stevens, jr., was born in los angeles, california, son of academy awardwinning director george stevens (19041975), and actress mother yvonne howell (ne julia rose shevlin; 19052010), and grandson of actors landers stevens, georgie cooper and comedian alice howell.
willingdon was refused permission to take an indian maharaja with him to the bombay gymkhana, byculla club and royal bombay yacht club which then allowed only whites and hence decided to start a club that both indians and europeans could go to.	willingdon was refused permission to take an indian maharaja with him to the bombay gymkhana, byculla club and royal bombay yacht club which then allowed only europeans and hence decided to start a club that both indians and europeans could go to.
altemose is best known for his violently disputed construction project which eventually became the valley forge convention center.	altemose is best known for his disputed construction project which eventually became the valley forge convention center.
"callahan generally argues a radically conservative view point and jokes that he ""fantasizes about"" conservative columnist and author ann coulter."	"callahan generally argues a conservative view point and jokes that he ""fantasizes about"" conservative columnist and author ann coulter."
fallujah, the hidden massacre, a controversial documentary alleging the use of white phosphorus and the mk-77 by the u.s. army against civilians in the city.	fallujah, the hidden massacre, a documentary alleging the use of white phosphorus and the mk-77 by the u.s. army against civilians in the city.
the highest point is 2640 m. its popularity has grown with the burgeoning ski and snowboard industry in the principality: it is the highest resort in andorra, boasts the best snow record, and is the easiest to get to from barcelona or toulouse airports.	the highest point is 2640 m. its popularity has grown with the burgeoning ski and snowboard industry in the principality: it is the highest resort in andorra, has the best snow record, and is the easiest to get to from barcelona or toulouse airports.
the three men were executed for the killing of a police officer during an escape that took place close to manchester city centre, england, in 1867.	the three men were executed for the murder of a police officer during an escape that took place close to manchester city centre, england, in 1867.
when the capital fell to foreign troops, chong qi and his family bravely committed suicide.	when the capital fell to foreign troops, chong qi and his family committed suicide.
as reported by abc news and the associated press the liberty debate team accumulates points by sending lots of teams to small tournaments, debating almost exclusively in their district, while avoiding known debate champions like michigan state, berkeley, dartmouth and harvard.	as reported by abc news and the associated press the liberty debate team accumulates points by sending lots of teams to small tournaments, debating almost exclusively in their district, while not engaging known debate champions like michigan state, berkeley, dartmouth and harvard.
david c. trosch is a former roman catholic priest from mobile, alabama, who abides by the concept of justifiable homicide for abortionists .	david c. trosch is a former roman catholic priest from mobile, alabama, who abides by the concept of justifiable homicide for abortion providers .
many guerrilla tactics are used effectively by the iraqi insurgency against the us-led coalition.	many guerrilla tactics are used by the iraqi insurgency against the us-led coalition.
in 1095 urban ii, the new pope, called for a crusade to liberate jerusalem from muslim forces and also to aid the byzantine empire.	in 1095 urban ii, the new pope, called for a crusade to conquer jerusalem from muslim forces and also to aid the byzantine empire.
after 1854, republicans fumed that the slave power, especially the pro-slavery democratic party, controlled two of the three branches of the federal government.	after 1854, republicans argued that the slave power, especially the pro-slavery democratic party, controlled two of the three branches of the federal government.
the credibility of the times suffered greatly when it was revealed in 1999 that a revenue-sharing arrangement was in place between the times and staples center in the preparation of a 168-page magazine about the opening of the sports arena.	the credibility of the times suffered when it was revealed in 1999 that a revenue-sharing arrangement was in place between the times and staples center in the preparation of a 168-page magazine about the opening of the sports arena.
joan rivers, actress and comedienne (may not have actually lived within the boundaries of larchmont, but talked about the village in her early comedy routines)	joan rivers, actress and comedian (may not have actually lived within the boundaries of larchmont, but talked about the village in her early comedy routines)
kosovo (; albanian: kosova; serbian: , kosovo) is a partially recognised sovereign state in southeastern europe, which declared independence from serbia in february 2008 as the republic of kosovo.	kosovo (; albanian: kosova; serbian: , kosovo) is a partially recognised state in southeastern europe, which declared independence from serbia in february 2008 as the republic of kosovo.
"a number of individuals have made significant contributions to the field of level design, including: john romero, responsible for a great deal of the level design for doom, and richard ""levelord"" gray, creator of a number of impressive levels for duke nukem 3d and sin."	"a number of individuals have made significant contributions to the field of level design, including: john romero, responsible for a great deal of the level design for doom, and richard ""levelord"" gray, creator of a number of levels for duke nukem 3d and sin."
scenes from the big chair is a documentary film about the british pop band tears for fears.	scenes from the big chair is a documentary film about the british band tears for fears.
it is notable as a showcase of the versatile voice talent of mel blanc.	it is notable as a showcase of the voice talent of mel blanc.
michael jai white (born november 10, 1967) is an american actor, writer, director, producer, stunt coordinator and accomplished martial artist who has appeared in numerous films and television series.	michael jai white (born november 10, 1967) is an american actor, writer, director, producer, stunt coordinator and martial artist who has appeared in numerous films and television series.
2005 david shaw sets depth record for using a trimix rebreather, tragically dying while repeating the dive.	2005 david shaw sets depth record for using a trimix rebreather, dying while repeating the dive.
the official policy of sweden before, during, and after world war ii was neutralism .	the official policy of sweden before, during, and after world war ii was neutrality .
cecil frederik patterson was renowned in saskatchewan for his work on hardy fruits and flowers.	cecil frederik patterson was known in saskatchewan for his work on hardy fruits and flowers.
james r. trueman (may 25, 1935 june 11, 1986) was an american businessperson and automobile racing team owner.	james r. trueman (may 25, 1935 june 11, 1986) was an american businessman and automobile racing team owner.
"the center also offers so-called ""professional assistance."""	"the center also offers ""professional assistance."""
gwynne dyer, in his foreword to victor levant's excellent history of canadian involvement in the vietnam war, says:	gwynne dyer, in his foreword to victor levant's history of canadian involvement in the vietnam war, says:
hans kng (born march 19, 1928 in sursee, canton of lucerne), is a catholic priest, an eminent swiss theologian, and a prolific author.	hans kng (born march 19, 1928 in sursee, canton of lucerne), is a catholic priest, an swiss theologian, and a prolific author.
worldnetdaily (wnd) is an american web site that publishes news and associated content from a radical u.s. conservative perspective.	worldnetdaily (wnd) is an american web site that publishes news and associated content from a u.s. conservative perspective.
"hence, many sikhs have been given the title of ""shaheed"" due to their heroic actions from the 16th century to the present day."	"hence, many sikhs have been given the title of ""shaheed"" due to their actions from the 16th century to the present day."
as late as the 1970s, when irish comprised 17% of american catholics, they were 35% of the priests and 50% of the bishops, together with a similar proportion of presidents of catholic colleges and hospitals.	as late as the 1970s, when irish were 17% of american catholics, they were 35% of the priests and 50% of the bishops, together with a similar proportion of presidents of catholic colleges and hospitals.
misuse of published medical literature	use of published medical literature
mossad has often come under valid criticism for proven crimes against israel's perceived enemies.	mossad has often come under criticism for proven crimes against israel's perceived enemies.
is a composition by legendary bassist jaco pastorius.	is a composition by bassist jaco pastorius.
abortion, in its most common usage, generally refers to the use of surgical procedures or drugs to eliminate a living fetus or embryo, thereby terminating pregnancy.	abortion, in its most common usage, generally refers to the use of surgical procedures or drugs to eliminate a human fetus or embryo, thereby terminating pregnancy.
unfortunately the dtv2/pal version suffers from a manufacturing fault, which results in poor colour rendering (the resistors in the r-2r ladder dacs for both the chroma and the luma have been transposed).	however, the dtv2/pal version suffers from a manufacturing fault, which results in poor colour rendering (the resistors in the r-2r ladder dacs for both the chroma and the luma have been transposed).
matthew soon joins her and meets his heir, but as he leaves the hospital and drives back to downton, he is tragically killed in a car accident.	matthew soon joins her and meets his heir, but as he leaves the hospital and drives back to downton, he is killed in a car accident.
he left the army with an honorable discharge in 1972. after earning his ged, shannon received his bachelors degree from suny empire college.	he was separated from the army with an honorable discharge in 1972. after earning his ged, shannon received his bachelors degree from suny empire college.
in 2006, mrquez attempted to regain a title, coming up short in a controversial decision loss to undefeated indonesian boxer chris john for the wba featherweight championship title.	in 2006, mrquez attempted to regain a title, coming up short in a decision loss to undefeated indonesian boxer chris john for the wba featherweight championship title.
on march 11, 2007, the foundation announced that it changed its name to christopher and dana reeve foundation on the first anniversary of dana reeve's passing .	on march 11, 2007, the foundation announced that it changed its name to christopher and dana reeve foundation on the first anniversary of dana reeve's death .
national security is the requirement to maintain the survival of the state through the use of lawful economic, diplomacy, power projection and political power.	national security is the requirement to maintain the survival of the state through the use of economic, diplomacy, power projection and political power.
"richard ""dick"" devos, jr. (born october 21, 1955) is a businessman and very conservative republican politician from michigan."	"richard ""dick"" devos, jr. (born october 21, 1955) is a businessman and conservative republican politician from michigan."
onan is the acronymical name of the conglomerate north american government in david foster wallace's masterpiece infinite jest.	onan is the acronymical name of the conglomerate north american government in david foster wallace's novel infinite jest.
a random act of kindness is a purportedly selfless act performed by a person or persons wishing to either assist or cheer up an individual or in some cases even an animal.	a random act of kindness is a selfless act performed by a person or persons wishing to either assist or cheer up an individual or in some cases even an animal.
mind is a well-respected british journal, currently published by oxford university press on behalf of the mind association, which deals with philosophy in the analytic tradition.	mind is a british journal, currently published by oxford university press on behalf of the mind association, which deals with philosophy in the analytic tradition.
appearance on the jenny jones show and the tragic murder	appearance on the jenny jones show and the murder
"comedienne minnie pearl often told stories about her dimwitted uncle nabob which may have led to the use of ""nabob"" as a reference to a not very smart person."	"comedian minnie pearl often told stories about her dimwitted uncle nabob which may have led to the use of ""nabob"" as a reference to a not very smart person."
krillin succeeds in using the dragonballs to teleport goku off the planet safely, while zarbon is left to tragically die along with namek, which in turn, is destroyed when the titanic battle between cooler and freeza erupts.	krillin succeeds in using the dragonballs to teleport goku off the planet safely, while zarbon is left to die along with namek, which in turn, is destroyed when the titanic battle between cooler and freeza erupts.
of the four aircraft hijacked on september 11, american airlines flight 11, american airlines flight 77 and united airlines flight 175 being the others, united airlines flight 93 was the only aircraft that failed to reach its intended target because of the resourcefulness of its passengers.	of the four aircraft hijacked on september 11, american airlines flight 11, american airlines flight 77 and united airlines flight 175 being the others, united airlines flight 93 was the only aircraft that failed to reach its intended target because of the actions of its passengers.
unfortunately , she became host to a xenoform originating from another universe at the end of the fault, a time-space tear created by black bolt's t-bomb.	however , she became host to a xenoform originating from another universe at the end of the fault, a time-space tear created by black bolt's t-bomb.
mongooses which are also partially immune to venom, and are quick enough to evade a bite, will readily tackle a black mamba for prey.	mongooses which are also partially immune to venom, and are quick enough to evade a bite, will sometimes tackle a black mamba for prey.
hakchissite .org is a website run by elitist white hat prats who think that hackers do not hack things.	hackthissite .org is a website run by elitist white hat prats who think that hackers do not hack things.
or september 11th) were a series of coordinated terrorist attacks upon the united states of america carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001. four commercial airliners were hijacked and crashed, resulting in the deaths of nearly 3,000 civilians in the planes and on the ground.	or september 11th) were a series of coordinated attacks upon the united states of america carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001. four commercial airliners were hijacked and crashed, resulting in the deaths of nearly 3,000 civilians in the planes and on the ground.
"reacting to the disappearance, amnesty international speculated that raveendranath is being held by ""an armed group operating with the tacit support of the security forces"""	"reacting to the disappearance, amnesty international claimed that raveendranath is being held by ""an armed group operating with the tacit support of the security forces"""
august burns red is a christian metalcore band from lancaster, pennsylvania.	august burns red is a metalcore band from lancaster, pennsylvania.
he has also directed the famous play oedipus rex (written by sophocles).	he has also directed the play oedipus rex (written by sophocles).
however bank interest still had not been banned in pakistan thanks to article 203-b of the constitution (mentioned above) which exempted laws dealing with finance from subordination to the sharia.	however bank interest still had not been banned in pakistan curse to article 203-b of the constitution (mentioned above) which exempted laws dealing with finance from subordination to the sharia.
a topic of intrigue has been the actual relationship between over-rated jack and meg.	a topic of intrigue has been the actual relationship between jack and meg.
the postmortem examination of his body did not reveal any traces of alcohol or other drugs .	the postmortem examination of his body did not reveal any traces of alcohol or drugs .
the persistence of vision raytracer, or pov-ray, is a free open-source ray tracing program available for a variety of computer platforms.	the persistence of vision raytracer, or pov-ray, is a free ray tracing program available for a variety of computer platforms.
known widely for his sculpture and public works, noguchi also designed stage sets for various martha graham productions, and several mass-produced lamps and furniture pieces, some of which are still manufactured and sold.	known for his sculpture and public works, noguchi also designed stage sets for various martha graham productions, and several mass-produced lamps and furniture pieces, some of which are still manufactured and sold.
three days before his death, verwoerd had held historic talks with the prime minister of lesotho, chief leabua jonathan, at the union buildings in pretoria.	three days before his death, verwoerd had held talks with the prime minister of lesotho, chief leabua jonathan, at the union buildings in pretoria.
"it's my life is notable for its bombastic line referencing frank sinatra himself: ""my heart is like an open highway / like frankie said / i did it 'my way'""."	"it's my life is notable for its line referencing frank sinatra himself: ""my heart is like an open highway / like frankie said / i did it 'my way'""."
"in 1998, the georgia state legislature passed a resolution designating a bridge on state highway 19, in macon, georgia, as the ""raymond berry oakley iii bridge"" in memory of the great bassist."	"in 1998, the georgia state legislature passed a resolution designating a bridge on state highway 19, in macon, georgia, as the ""raymond berry oakley iii bridge"" in memory of the bassist."
"although the seventh is best known for its famous ""last stand"" made at the little bighorn, the regiment also participated in lesser known battles, such as the capture of chief joseph's nez perce at the battle of bear paw in 1877. the regiment committed the wounded knee massacre on 29 december 1890, signaling the end of the american indian wars."	"although the seventh is best known for its famous ""last stand"" made at the little bighorn, the regiment also participated in lesser known battles, such as the capture of chief joseph's nez perce at the battle of bear paw in 1877. the regiment was attempting to disarm the lakotas, which turned into the wounded knee massacre on 29 december 1890, signaling the end of the american indian wars."
ahmet albayrak explains in the qur'an: an encyclopedia that regarding apostasy as a wrongdoing is not a sign of intolerance of other religions, and is not aimed at ones freedom to choose a religion or to leave islam and embrace another faith, but that on the contrary, it is more correct to say that the punishment is enforced as a safety precaution when warranted if apostasy becomes a mechanism of public disobedience and disorder (fitna).	ahmet albayrak writes in the qur'an: an encyclopedia that regarding apostasy as a wrongdoing is not a sign of intolerance of other religions, and is not aimed at ones freedom to choose a religion or to leave islam and embrace another faith, but that on the contrary, it is more correct to say that the punishment is enforced as a safety precaution when warranted if apostasy becomes a mechanism of public disobedience and disorder (fitna).
scioli attended penn state university, playing defensive end for legendary coach joe paterno.	scioli attended penn state university, playing defensive end for coach joe paterno.
the ira shot and killed a number of prison officers, and unionist paramilitaries shot and killed a number of activists in the smash h-block campaign, and badly injured mcaliskey and her husband in an attempt on their lives.	the ira shot and killed a number of prison officers, and loyalist paramilitaries shot and killed a number of activists in the smash h-block campaign, and badly injured mcaliskey and her husband in an attempt on their lives.
in 1981, he was admitted into the prestigious national college of arts (nca) in lahore.	in 1981, he was admitted into the national college of arts (nca) in lahore.
the muslim brotherhood also claimed to be purifying and restoring original islam, but its goal wasn't to call to tawheed ( true islamic monotheism), but rather to amass muslims of different beliefs into its group.	the muslim brotherhood also claimed to be purifying and restoring original islam, but its goal wasn't to call to tawheed ( islamic monotheism), but rather to amass muslims of different beliefs into its group.
summer was accepted into the prestigious american academy of dramatic arts in new york (alumni include kirk douglas, jason robards, adrien brody, dennis haysbert, robert redford, danny devito, and lauren bacall).	summer was accepted into the american academy of dramatic arts in new york (alumni include kirk douglas, jason robards, adrien brody, dennis haysbert, robert redford, danny devito, and lauren bacall).
he composed a beautiful love theme for tom and abby, a theme that permeated the show in various incarnations throughout the remainder of the series.	he composed a love theme for tom and abby, a theme that permeated the show in various incarnations throughout the remainder of the series.
the popular internet show pure pwnage involves a character, fps_doug, who is obsessed with first person shooters, and more specifically, counter-strike: source.	the internet show pure pwnage involves a character, fps_doug, who is obsessed with first person shooters, and more specifically, counter-strike: source.
according to the traditional jewish sources, the 'priah' has been performed as part of the jewish circumcision since the israelites first inhabited the land of israel.	according to rabbinic interpretation of traditional jewish sources, the 'priah' has been performed as part of the jewish circumcision since the israelites first inhabited the land of israel.
the outburst came after he was asked for a response to ferguson's comments about nerves ruining liverpool's 200809 title bid.	the comments came after he was asked for a response to ferguson's comments about nerves ruining liverpool's 200809 title bid.
the modern challenge to pauline authorship began with the work of german theologians f.d.e.	the challenge to pauline authorship began with the work of german theologians f.d.e.
this was indeed an honorable accomplishment, but would have been impossible to achieve had it not been for the use of psychological warfare.	this was indeed an exceptional accomplishment, but would have been impossible to achieve had it not been for the use of psychological warfare.
a very versatile singer, hadley was equally at home in opera, operetta, and on broadway.	a versatile singer, hadley was equally at home in opera, operetta, and on broadway.
baptists are a branch of protestant christianity distinguished by baptising professing believers only (believer's baptism, as opposed to infant baptism), and doing so by complete immersion (as opposed to affusion or sprinkling).	baptists are a branch of christianity distinguished by baptising professing believers only (believer's baptism, as opposed to infant baptism), and doing so by complete immersion (as opposed to affusion or sprinkling).
li is considered by many to be one of the best chinese writers of this time.	li is considered by some to be one of the best chinese writers of this time.
reika yakishiro (neutral side of reika)	reika yukishiro (neutral side of reika)
in 1991 martin briefly returned to writing novels, and began what would eventually turn into his epic fantasy series, a song of ice and fire ( ostensibly inspired by the wars of the roses and ivanhoe), which will run to seven volumes.	in 1991 martin briefly returned to writing novels, and began what would eventually turn into his epic fantasy series, a song of ice and fire ( reportedly inspired by the wars of the roses and ivanhoe), which will run to seven volumes.
lawton mainor chiles, jr., born april 3, 1930, was a popular florida politician whose career spanned four decades.	lawton mainor chiles, jr., born april 3, 1930, was a florida politician whose career spanned four decades.
research by niwa showed that 1080 deliberately placed in small streams for testing was undetectable after only 8 hours.	research by niwa showed that 1080 deliberately placed in small streams for testing was undetectable after 8 hours.
previously he kept out of the public eye and had little contact with bigfooters .	previously he kept out of the public eye and had little contact with those who believe that bigfoot is a real entity .
on 5 november 2017 the five fugitives , accompanied by their lawyers, surrendered to the belgian police but after a ten-hour hearing a belgian judge released them all on bail.	on 5 november 2017 the five politicians , accompanied by their lawyers, surrendered to the belgian police but after a ten-hour hearing a belgian judge released them all on bail.
jessica stam (born april 23, 1986), also known simply as stam, is a canadian supermodel .	jessica stam (born april 23, 1986), also known simply as stam, is a canadian model .
raised under nazi rule in arnhem (the netherlands) during world war ii, hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina before deciding to pursue acting.	raised under german rule in arnhem (the netherlands) during world war ii, hepburn trained extensively to become a ballerina before deciding to pursue acting.
he created virabhadra and bhadrakli, two ferocious goblins who wreaked havoc and mayhem on the scene of the horrific incident.	he created virabhadra and bhadrakli, two ferocious creatures who wreaked havoc and mayhem on the scene of the horrific incident.
some cite this cultural split when noting the state's lack of professional sports teams from the four american professional leagues, nhl (hockey) since the mid 1990s, nfl (football), mlb(baseball), and nba (basketball).	some cite this cultural split when noting the state's lack of professional sports teams from the four professional leagues, nhl (hockey) since the mid 1990s, nfl (football), mlb (baseball), and nba (basketball).
also the musician joe goddard (from electropop outfit hot chip) and mathematical child prodigy ruth lawrence, who joined the college in 1983 aged 12. bbc arts broadcaster and writer suzy klein read music at st hugh's, tv writer richard hurst wrote his first play at st. hugh's, and bafta award winning actress and comedienne rebecca front began her career at st. hugh's, touring with the oxford revue in 1984.	also the musician joe goddard (from electropop outfit hot chip) and mathematical child prodigy ruth lawrence, who joined the college in 1983 aged 12. bbc arts broadcaster and writer suzy klein read music at st hugh's, tv writer richard hurst wrote his first play at st. hugh's, and bafta award winning actress and comedian rebecca front began her career at st. hugh's, touring with the oxford revue in 1984.
the keel was laid down on 5 july 1965, as hull number 736 on the same slipway where iconic liners such as , , queen mary, and queen elizabeth had been constructed.	the keel was laid down on 5 july 1965, as hull number 736 on the same slipway where previous cunard liners such as , , queen mary, and queen elizabeth had been constructed.
even as corporal punishment became increasingly controversial in north america, britain, australia and much of the rest of the english-speaking world, limited appropriate corporal punishment of children by their parents remained lawful in all 50 states of the united states.	even as corporal punishment became increasingly controversial in north america, britain, australia and much of the rest of the english-speaking world, limited corporal punishment of children by their parents remained lawful in all 50 states of the united states.
some mourners exploited this to use the opportunity to complain against general augusto pinochet, who served as dictator of chile until 1990.	some mourners exploited this to use the opportunity to complain against general augusto pinochet, who served as president of chile until 1990.
the organization's website was attacked in april 2012 for their support of the authoritarian cispa bill.	the organization's website was attacked in april 2012 for their support of the controversial cispa bill.
there is, also, the problem of using a coin of a foreign currency which has the same size and shape as the coin accepted by the machine to get cheaper merchandise and some times change that might have more value than the originally inserted foreign coin.	there is, also, the issue of using a coin of a foreign currency which has the same size and shape as the coin accepted by the machine to get cheaper merchandise and some times change that might have more value than the originally inserted foreign coin.
"british journalist and long-time middle east observer, robert fisk, mocked the media's description of israel's strikes on gaza as being ""surgical"", adducing the heavy civilian casualties that israel's shelling campaigns have extracted in all of its conflicts from the 1982 lebanon war to the present one."	"british journalist and long-time middle east observer, robert fisk, stated that the media's description of israel's strikes on gaza as being ""surgical"", adducing the heavy civilian casualties that israel's shelling campaigns have extracted in all of its conflicts from the 1982 lebanon war to the present one."
michelle is now under criticism by fox news, among others, for expressing anti-american sentiment.	michelle is now under criticism by fox news, among others, for expressing this sentiment.
"in its april 2010 report, the liberal ethics watchdog group citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington named barbour one of 11 ""worst governors"" in the united states because of various ethics issues throughout barbours' term as governor."	"in its april 2010 report, the ethics watchdog group citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington named barbour one of 11 ""worst governors"" in the united states because of various ethics issues throughout barbours' term as governor."
in december 2006, while performing a tribute to dolly parton at the kennedy center awards, she botched the lyrics, getting flustered in front of a crowd that included prominent persons such as steven spielberg, tom hanks, and even president george w. bush).	in december 2006, while performing a tribute to dolly parton at the kennedy center awards, she botched the lyrics, getting flustered in front of a crowd that included prominent persons such as steven spielberg, tom hanks, and president george w. bush).
the unionists found it expedient to use the hitherto neutral term british for their own imperial ends.	the unionists found it expedient to use the hitherto neutral term british for their own political ends.
unlike other science fiction stories, there are no alien civilizations.	unlike many science fiction stories, there are no alien civilizations.
a hostile drone was shot down by a ukrainian surface-to-air missile while flying at an altitude of 3,000 m over starobilsk, luhansk oblast.	a rebel drone was shot down by a ukrainian surface-to-air missile while flying at an altitude of 3,000 m over starobilsk, luhansk oblast.
both books, the former written in 2008 and the latter in 2004, attack democratic presidential candidates and have received much criticism, including allegations of serious factual errors.	both books, the former written in 2008 and the latter in 2004, attack democratic presidential candidates and have received much criticism, including allegations of factual errors.
rasche is best known for his portrayal of the title character in the cult television classic, sledge hammer!.	rasche is best known for his portrayal of the title character in the television classic, sledge hammer!.
anne kansiime - entertainer, comedienne , writer, and actress.	anne kansiime - entertainer, comedian , writer, and actress.
hillier says that as premier he would abolish the ontario human rights commission, force ontario to elect its federal senators and introduce a bill making membership in unions and professional associations voluntary.	hillier says that as premier he would abolish the ontario human rights commission, allow ontario to elect its federal senators and introduce a bill making membership in unions and professional associations voluntary.
he has been a critic of some anthropogenic global warming theories and the political pressures surrounding climate scientists.	he has been a critic of some anthropogenic global warming theories and alleged political pressures surrounding climate scientists.
svend johannes robinson (born march 4, 1952) is disgraced former canadian politician and prominent activist for gay rights.	svend johannes robinson (born march 4, 1952) is former canadian politician and prominent activist for gay rights.
al green explores your mind is the eighth album by soul singer extraordinaire al green.	al green explores your mind is the eighth album by soul singer al green.
the latter day saint movement (a subset of restorationism) is a group of religious denominations and adherents who follow at least some of the teachings and revelations of joseph smith, jr., translator of the book of mormon in 1830. the latter day saint movement is one of a number of separate movements, known collectively as restorationism, intending to transcend protestant denominationalism, and to restore a form of christianity thought to be more consistent with the new testament.	the latter day saint movement (a subset of restorationism) is a group of religious denominations and adherents who follow at least some of the teachings and revelations of joseph smith, jr., publisher of the book of mormon in 1830. the latter day saint movement is one of a number of separate movements, known collectively as restorationism, intending to transcend protestant denominationalism, and to restore a form of christianity thought to be more consistent with the new testament.
feminazi (also spelled femi-nazi or femme-nazi) is an invective, or derogatory, neologism, used predominantly in the united states and canada by politically conservative talk-show hosts to characterize radical or militant feminists who are perceived to be intolerant of opposing views.	feminazi (also spelled femi-nazi or femme-nazi) is an invective, or derogatory, neologism, used predominantly in the united states and canada by politically conservative talk-show hosts to characterize radical or militant feminists who are alleged to be intolerant of opposing views.
william luther pierce (1933-2002), a white supremacist associated with the american nazi party and founder of the national alliance.	william luther pierce (1933-2002), a white seperatist associated with the american nazi party and founder of the national alliance.
on the alleged genetic inferiority of blacks on iq tests, he lays out the argument and evidence for such a belief, and then refutes each point.	on the alleged genetic inferiority of blacks on iq tests, he lays out the argument and evidence for such a belief, and then contests each point.
a neutral is not permitted to be used as a case ground for equipment downstream of the service entrance switch in north american electrical wiring codes.	a neutral is no longer permitted to be used as a case ground for equipment downstream of the service entrance switch in north american electrical wiring codes.
"kerrang magazine say that trivium will be ""the next metallica"" ."	"magazine say that trivium will be ""the next metallica""."
the theory of evolution is the false scientific model that describes the descent of all living organisms from a common ancestor.	the theory of evolution is the scientific model that describes the descent of all living organisms from a common ancestor.
the unit is best known for operation thunderbolt, commonly known as operation entebbe, in which it rescued more than 100 air france airline passengers hijacked and flown to uganda by plo terrorists , and killed 52 enemy combatants while losing only the assault element commander, yonatan netanyahu, and three hostages.	the unit is best known for operation thunderbolt, commonly known as operation entebbe, in which it rescued more than 100 air france airline passengers hijacked and flown to uganda by plo militants , and killed 52 enemy combatants while losing only the assault element commander, yonatan netanyahu, and three hostages.
britney spears unfortunately owns a yorkshire terrier named london.	britney spears owns a yorkshire terrier named london.
approximately 20 million people in the nordic countries have a scandinavian language as their mother tongue, including a small swedish minority in finland.	approximately 20 million people in the nordic countries have a scandinavian language as their mother tongue, including a swedish minority in finland.
whereas the latter is hostility towards or a prejudice against jews as a racial or ethnic group, anti-judaism is a theological position taken by the some christians in which judaism is demeaned and rejected because of its failure to embrace jesus as the messiah.	whereas the latter is hostility towards or a prejudice against jews as a racial or ethnic group, anti-judaism is a theological position taken by the some christians in which judaism is demeaned and rejected because of its refusal to embrace jesus as the messiah.
according to its critics, afrocentrism is a racist mythology which exaggerates the contributions of african peoples to culture, philosophy, and history.	according to its critics, afrocentrism is a mythology which exaggerates the contributions of african peoples to culture, philosophy, and history.
sky sports will continue to air super sunday, but sadly ends the relationship with prem plus.	sky sports will continue to air super sunday, but ends the relationship with prem plus.
western persian (persian, iranian persian, or farsi) is spoken in iran, and by minorities in iraq and the arabian gulf states.	western persian (persian, iranian persian, or farsi) is spoken in iran, and by minorities in iraq and the persian gulf states.
however, at the 2012 summit of the americas argentina perceived a failer to gather support for a joint statement on the falklands dispute by the other american countries.	however, at the 2012 summit of the americas argentina perceived a failure to gather support for a joint statement on the falklands dispute by the other american countries.
neelam kapoor is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jamila massey.	neelam kapoor is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jamila massey.
his cremation there on may 26, 1987 is alleged to have been accompanied by a number of traditional signs demonstrating his enlightenment, including the appearance of rainbows, a body that did not immediately decay, and his heart remaining warm.	his cremation there on may 26, 1987 is said to have been accompanied by a number of traditional signs demonstrating his enlightenment, including the appearance of rainbows, a body that did not immediately decay, and his heart remaining warm.
for example, where a defendant refused to inform a plaintiff of the whereabouts of her child for several years, though that defendant knew where the child was the entire time, the defendant could be held liable for iied even though he had no intent to cause distress to the mother .	for example, where a defendant refused to inform a plaintiff of the whereabouts of her child for several years, though that defendant knew where the child was the entire time, the defendant could be held liable for iied even though he had no intent to cause distress to the parent .
a huge football fan, celentano is a well-known inter milan supporter.	a football fan, celentano is a well-known inter milan supporter.
on 2 august 1948, it imposed israeli law on the occupied city.	on 2 august 1948, it imposed israeli law on the liberated part of city.
"heru-ra-ha (literally ""horus sun-flesh"", among other possible meanings ) is a composite deity within thelemaa religion established in 1904 with the writing of the book of the law by aleister crowleycomposed of ra-hoor-khuit and hoor-par-kraat."	"heru-ra-ha (literally ""horus sun-flesh"", among other possible meanings ) is a composite deity within thelemaa religion adapted from the philosophy of franois rabelais in 1904 with the writing of the book of the law by aleister crowleycomposed of ra-hoor-khuit and hoor-par-kraat."
2000: fannie mae buys only $600 million of subprime mortgages, primarily on a flow basis.	2000: fannie mae buys $600 million of subprime mortgages, primarily on a flow basis.
one retrospectively interesting aspect of this pilot episode is that the airliner has been hijacked (via remote control of the plane's autopilot) and, by the end, both byers and his father have boarded the plane to try to stop the hijacking.	one retrospectively relevant aspect of this pilot episode is that the airliner has been hijacked (via remote control of the plane's autopilot) and, by the end, both byers and his father have boarded the plane to try to stop the hijacking.
cyril e. king airport (iata: stt icao: tist) offers regular nonstop service to many destinations along the east coast of the united states.	cyril e. king airport (iata: stt icao: tist) offers regular nonstop service to destinations along the east coast of the united states.
the allegation explains the coincidental position of two spanish warships off the coast of equatorial guinea, at the time of the arrests of the alleged plotters.	the allegation could explain the coincidental position of two spanish warships off the coast of equatorial guinea, at the time of the arrests of the alleged plotters.
the lawyers say that the military made the force-feeding process unnecessary painful and humiliating to break a hunger strike that at one point included more than 100 detainees.	the lawyers claim that the military made the force-feeding process unnecessary painful and humiliating to break a hunger strike that at one point included more than 100 detainees.
varying degrees of chinese influences: singapore(75%), hong kong(95%) and taiwan(98%) have majority ethnic chinese populations while south korea has heavy chinese influences in its traditional culture.	varying degrees of chinese influences: singapore(75%), hong kong(95%) and taiwan(98%) have majority ethnic chinese populations while south korea has some chinese influences in its traditional culture.
roseann teresa o'donnell (born march 21, 1962 in bayside, queens, new york) is an emmy-award winning liberal american talk show host, television personality, comedian, film, television, and stage actress.	roseann teresa o'donnell (born march 21, 1962 in bayside, queens, new york) is an emmy-award winning american talk show host, television personality, comedian, film, television, and stage actress.
tartakower, a great practitioner of the budapest gambit	tartakower, a practitioner of the budapest gambit
the event occurred after sumner heavily criticized pro-slavery politicians, including brooks' relative, senator andrew butler.	the event occurred after sumner criticized pro-slavery politicians, including brooks' relative, senator andrew butler.
though ahmadinejad has said no, i am not anti-jewi respect them very much.	though ahmadinejad has claimed no, i am not anti-jewi respect them very much.
she founded and writes for the huffington post which has a liberal slant .	she founded and writes for the huffington post which has a liberal perspective .
operation yewtree is a controversial police investigation into sexual abuse allegations, predominantly the abuse of children, against the british media personality jimmy savile and others.	operation yewtree is a police investigation into sexual abuse allegations, predominantly the abuse of children, against the british media personality jimmy savile and others.
hylda baker comedienne	hylda baker comedian
he is credited as, among other things, the writer, director and lead designer of nightshade, an ambitious action-adventure title for the nes.	he is credited as, among other things, the writer, director and lead designer of nightshade, an action-adventure title for the nes.
for most the last two millennia china was the world's largest and among the wealthiest and most advanced economies; according to some scholars, as recently as the 18th century its per capita income exceeded that of western europe.	for a large part of the last two millennia china was the world's largest and among the wealthiest and most advanced economies; according to some scholars, as recently as the 18th century its per capita income exceeded that of western europe.
"dr. forrest c. ""phog"" allen fieldhouse is a legendary indoor arena at the university of kansas in lawrence, kansas."	"dr. forrest c. ""phog"" allen fieldhouse is a indoor arena at the university of kansas in lawrence, kansas."
a-dos-ruivos — the village where the tvora family took refuge when they were being persecuted by the marquis of pombal.	a-dos-ruivos — the village where the tvora family took refuge when they were being pursued by the marquis of pombal.
it never broke or raised the bar of its genre, but boasts high production value, and is well worth the money.	it never broke or raised the bar of its genre, but boasts high production value, and has been said to be well worth the money.
a crazy gesture in japanese culture, made by pulling a lower eyelid down to expose the red underneath.	a gesture in japanese culture, made by pulling a lower eyelid down to expose the red underneath.
the expulsion was seen as an assertion of tibetan sovereignty over its own affairs, while tibet's auto- proclaimed independence was not accepted by the successive republican government of china, nor was it officially recognized by any country.	the expulsion was seen as an assertion of tibetan sovereignty over its own affairs, while tibet's proclaimed independence was not accepted by the successive republican government of china, nor was it officially recognized by any country.
assyrians are aramaic-speaking christians who are indigenous inhabitants of mesopotamia, and inheritors of the ancient culture of assyria.	assyrians are aramaic-speaking christians who consider themselves to be indigenous inhabitants of mesopotamia, and inheritors of the ancient culture of assyria.
most of it is available in an open source project called cf-lite that can be used to write cross-platform applications for mac os x, linux, and even windows (via cygwin).	most of it is available in an open source project called cf-lite that can be used to write cross-platform applications for mac os x, linux, and windows (via cygwin).
there are also several important security concerns associated with alternate data streams .	there are also several security concerns associated with alternate data streams.
he is the lead singer and guitarist of the band the kooks, which rose to fame in late 2005 and early 2006.	he is the lead singer and guitarist of the band the kooks, which rose to prominence in late 2005 and early 2006.
amanullah khan was keen on modernizing the country, resulting in reactionary forces causing social upheaval on a number of occassions.	amanullah khan was keen on modernizing the country, resulting in conservative forces causing social upheaval on a number of occassions.
he died peacefully in mumbai in 2005, after a brain hemorrhage at the age of 72.	he died in mumbai in 2005, after a brain hemorrhage at the age of 72.
the baja marimba band was a popular musical group led by marimba player julius wechter.	the baja marimba band was a musical group led by marimba player julius wechter.
"professor dawkins's virulent anti-religious views originate, according to ward, from earlier encounters with ""certain forms of religion which are anti-intellectual and anti-scientific .. and also emotionally pressuring."""	"professor dawkins's strong anti-religious views originate, according to ward, from earlier encounters with ""certain forms of religion which are anti-intellectual and anti-scientific .. and also emotionally pressuring."""
he also works in the fields of computer graphics .	he also works in the fields of computer mediated reality .
"he signed the draconian ""law of spikelets"" and personally led the extraordinary commission for grain delivery in ukraine, which seized a reported 4.2 million tonnes of grain from the peasants, leading to a widespread famine (known in ukraine as holodomor)."	"he signed the ""law of spikelets"" and personally led the extraordinary commission for grain delivery in ukraine, which seized a reported 4.2 million tonnes of grain from the peasants, leading to a widespread famine (known in ukraine as holodomor)."
following is an incomplete list of these persecuted/ prosecuted turkish writers (and other persons):	following is an incomplete list of these prosecuted turkish writers (and other persons):
a known dog-enthusiast, hempel also volunteers at a high-kill shelter in manhattan and is a founding board member of the deja foundation.	a known dog-enthusiast, hempel also volunteers at a shelter in manhattan and is a founding board member of the deja foundation.
the silco incident involves the kidnapping of the belgian-french family houtekins-kets by palestinian terrorists and the libyan government from their yacht silco in the waters of the mediterranean sea on august 1, 1985. the belgian part of the family was held for almost five years of captivity in libya, but were freed after the liberation of abu nidal terrorist said al nasr (who was convicted in the early 1980s for throwing a hand grenade into a group of jewish children in antwerp) for the family, in cairo, egypt, on january 12, 1991. the french part of the family were released somewhat earlier, when the french government negotiated their freedom with the libyan government.	the silco incident involves the kidnapping of the belgian-french family houtekins-kets by palestinian terrorists and the libyan government from their yacht silco in the waters of the mediterranean sea on august 1, 1985. the belgian part of the family was held for almost five years of captivity in libya, but were freed after the release of abu nidal terrorist said al nasr (who was convicted in the early 1980s for throwing a hand grenade into a group of jewish children in antwerp) for the family, in cairo, egypt, on january 12, 1991. the french part of the family were released somewhat earlier, when the french government negotiated their freedom with the libyan government.
"obama also said, ""i will not hesitate to use military force to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to america."""	"obama said, ""i will not hesitate to use military force to take out terrorists who pose a direct threat to america."""
the district is bounded by north-west frontier province in the west, by the kupwara and baramulla districts of the indian occupied state of jammu and kashmir in the east, and the neelum district azad kashmir in the north.	the district is bounded by north-west frontier province in the west, by the kupwara and baramulla districts of the indian state of jammu and kashmir in the east, and the neelum district azad kashmir in the north.
gardner further explains that spatial intelligence could be more effective to solve problems in areas related to realistic, thing-oriented, artistic and investigative occupations.	gardner further explains that spatial intelligence could be more effective to solve problems in areas related to realistic, thing-oriented, and investigative occupations.
it is very similar to a tortilla in appearance.	it is similar to a tortilla in appearance.
sweeney looks set to join grimsby town on july 1st 2009 after a miserable spell at leeds united.	sweeney looks set to join grimsby town on july 1st 2009 after a one year spell at leeds united.
it continues with a variety of segments including breaking news, interviews, updates of news stories with correspondents, right- wing analysis from the hosts, and entertainment segments.	it continues with a variety of segments including breaking news, interviews, updates of news stories with correspondents, right- leaning analysis from the hosts, and entertainment segments.
on what grounds, besides selfishness , when personhood is disregarded, can it be stated that one human life is inherently more important than the lives of all the plants and animals that will perish to feed, clothe, and shelter that one human life?	on what grounds, besides self interest , when personhood is disregarded, can it be stated that one human life is inherently more important than the lives of all the plants and animals that will perish to feed, clothe, and shelter that one human life?
the 2008 torch relay has been unusually controversial, being marked on multiple occasions by protests regarding china's human rights record.	the 2008 torch relay has been controversial, being marked on multiple occasions by protests regarding china's human rights record.
vimy ridge day is a day to commemorate the sacrifice of members of the canadian corps during the first world war battle of vimy ridge.	vimy ridge day is a day to commemorate the deaths and casualties of members of the canadian corps during the first world war battle of vimy ridge.
the former prime minister, major presidential candidate, and main opposition party mdc-t leader morgan tsvangirai called for an all-stakeholders meeting to chart the countrys future and an internationally-supervised process for the forthcoming elections.	the former prime minister, presidential candidate, and main opposition party mdc-t leader morgan tsvangirai called for an all-stakeholders meeting to chart the countrys future and an internationally-supervised process for the forthcoming elections.
chand raat (perso-arabic script: , devangar script: ; literally, night of the moon) is a hindi- urdu locution used in pakistan and india for the eve of the muslim festival of eid.	chand raat (perso-arabic script: , devangar script: ; literally, night of the moon) is a urdu locution used in pakistan and india for the eve of the muslim festival of eid.
"the blistering live version of ""precious"" from central park has not been reissued as of 2007."	"the live version of ""precious"" from central park has not been reissued as of 2007."
the conditional probability of winning by switching given which door the host opens can be determined referring to the figure below, or to an equivalent decision tree as shown to the right (chun 1991; grinstead and snell 2006:137-138), or formally derived as in the mathematical formulation section below.	the conditional probability of winning by switching given which door the host opens can be determined referring to the figure below, or to an equivalent decision tree as shown to the right (chun 1991; grinstead and snell 2006:137-138), or formally derived as in the mathematical formulation below.
political compassthe term is derived from the nolan chart which adds an extra dimension to the traditional left-right political line; that line inadequately groups stalin, pol pot and saddam hussein together with nelson mandela and mahatma gandhi on the grounds that they all publicly committed to a state controlled economy.	political compassthe term is derived from the nolan chart which adds an extra dimension to the traditional left-right political line; that line groups stalin, pol pot and saddam hussein together with nelson mandela and mahatma gandhi on the grounds that they all publicly committed to a state controlled economy.
gibraltar has always been of special significance to the numerous peoples and civilizations that have visited or occupied it over the ages, from the neanderthal period, through the classical and on to the moorish, spanish and the present british occupations .	gibraltar has always been of special significance to the numerous peoples and civilizations that have visited or occupied it over the ages, from the neanderthal period, through the classical and on to the moorish, spanish and the present british rule .
san ngel is also home to many excellent restaurants, as well as boutiques offering irresistible displays of fine handicrafts.	san ngel is also home to many excellent restaurants, as well as boutiques offering displays of fine handicrafts.
in other words, since he kept the seventh day sabbath, this is the true lord's day according to christ .	in other words, since he kept the seventh day sabbath, this is the true lord's day according to seventh day christians .
a crazed japanese anarchist had nearly killed him, but nicholas was saved by the quick action of his cousin, prince george of greece.	a japanese anarchist had nearly killed him, but nicholas was saved by the quick action of his cousin, prince george of greece.
the 201718 season began with a mediocre 19226 record leading up to the 2018 nhl all-star game.	the 201718 season began with a 19226 record leading up to the 2018 nhl all-star game.
the show is infamous for its dry, sarcastic humour and scathing, provocative attacks on the pop industry.	the show is noted for its dry, sarcastic humour and scathing, provocative attacks on the pop industry.
don shondell, legendary volleyball coach	don shondell, collegiate volleyball coach
based on a washington post interview, al franken and others have asserted that o'reilly did not grow up in levittown, but instead in a marginally more affluent neighboring village, westbury.	based on a washington post interview, al franken and others have claimed that o'reilly did not grow up in levittown, but instead in a marginally more affluent neighboring village, westbury.
the queen victoria (often referred to as the vic or the queen vic) is the fictional victorian public house in the popular bbc soap opera, eastenders.	the queen victoria (often referred to as the vic or the queen vic) is the fictional victorian public house in the bbc soap opera, eastenders.
the democratic aspect of this methodology describes the freedom of members of the political party to discuss and debate matters of policy and direction, but once the decision of the party is made by majority vote, all members are expected to follow that decision unquestioningly in public.	the democratic aspect of this methodology describes the freedom of members of the political party to discuss and debate matters of policy and direction, but once the decision of the party is made by majority vote, all members are expected to follow that decision in public.
"the recordings became hits and okeh, which had previosuly coined the term ""race recording"" for african-american recording artists, began using old time music as a descriptive term for records by artists of carson's ilk ."	"the recordings became hits and okeh, which had previosuly coined the term ""race recording"" for african-american recording artists, began using old time music as a descriptive term for records by artists of carson's style ."
flagler college is an independent, four-year, co-educational, residential institution of higher learning in saint augustine, florida.	flagler college is an independent, four-year, co-educational, residential institution of higher learning in st. augustine, florida.
bardon was then signed by bulgarian team pfc levski sofia, for which he played in the uefa cup 2005-06, notably scoring a goal against aj auxerre in levski's 2-1 lose and being unfairly sent off by referee mike riley in the first leg against fc schalke 04 in the quarter finals.	bardon was then signed by bulgarian team pfc levski sofia, for which he played in the uefa cup 2005-06, notably scoring a goal against aj auxerre in levski's 2-1 lose and being controversially sent off by referee mike riley in the first leg against fc schalke 04 in the quarter finals.
between washington and pittsburgh, it mostly follows the historic b&o route along narrow river valleys hemmed in by steep slopes, including the upper potomac, the youghiogheny, and the monongahela, which make for scenic if very slow travel.	between washington and pittsburgh, it mostly follows the historic b&o route along narrow river valleys hemmed in by steep slopes, including the upper potomac, the youghiogheny, and the monongahela, which make for scenic if slow travel.
the series was immensely popular, winning many logie awards.	the series was popular, winning many logie awards.
chief cashier in bank is a key man .	chief cashier in bank is a key individual .
although seeming to be an account of his life, the famous books are mostly fictitious, although they incorporate much of his own and others experiences as well as many of the people of all races he encountered in his missionary work.	although seeming to be an account of his life, the books are mostly fictitious, although they incorporate much of his own and others experiences as well as many of the people of all races he encountered in his missionary work.
while she was an alameda county deputy district attorney in the 1990s, she dated willie brown, the powerful speaker of the california state assembly.	while she was an alameda county deputy district attorney in the 1990s, she dated willie brown, the speaker of the california state assembly.
in modern western popular culture some people (principally among the far political left) believe that exclusive ownership of property underlies much social injustice, and facilitates tyranny and oppression on an individual and societal scale.	in modern western popular culture some people (principally among the political left) believe that exclusive ownership of property underlies much social injustice, and facilitates tyranny and oppression on an individual and societal scale.
rahul gandhi was born in new delhi, the first amongst 2 children of rajiv gandhi, former prime minister of india and italian-born sonia gandhi, the current congress president.	rahul gandhi was born in new delhi, the first amongst 2 children of rajiv gandhi, former prime minister of india and sonia gandhi, the current congress president.
he competed on the weakest link twice: once as a solo contestant on the 2005 reality tv special, and on the b list celebrity duos special with his loving wife, jenny.	he competed on the weakest link twice: once as a solo contestant on the 2005 reality tv special, and on the b list celebrity duos special with his wife, jenny.
but there was another side to perry como aptly described by music critic gene lees in 1968:	but there was another side to perry como described by music critic gene lees in 1968:
with the help of her hot best friend leah (olivia thirlby), juno finds her unborn child a perfect set of parents: an affluent suburban couple, mark and vanessa (jason bateman and jennifer garner), longing to adopt.	with the help of her best friend leah (olivia thirlby), juno finds her unborn child a perfect set of parents: an affluent suburban couple, mark and vanessa (jason bateman and jennifer garner), longing to adopt.
in addition to the german invasion , sweden had sent a military expedition to finland, the land islands, a finnish archipelago in the baltic sea, in february 1918. the stated purpose was to protect the local swedish speaking population from russian troops, which were forced to withdraw.	in addition to the german intervention , sweden had sent a military expedition to finland, the land islands, a finnish archipelago in the baltic sea, in february 1918. the stated purpose was to protect the local swedish speaking population from russian troops, which were forced to withdraw.
he narrowly lost the championship match to magnus carlsen in november 2016.	he lost the championship match to magnus carlsen in november 2016.
"little yellow jacket (1996 - 19 september 2011) was a three-time professional bull riders (pbr) ""bull of the year"", winning the title in consecutive years from 2002-2004. his three consecutive titles has made him unmatched by any bull in the distinguished history of the pbr."	"little yellow jacket (1996 - 19 september 2011) was a three-time professional bull riders (pbr) ""bull of the year"", winning the title in consecutive years from 2002-2004. his three consecutive titles has made him unmatched by any bull in the history of the pbr."
it increased the policing budget, and hired a pr firm to assist gabriel's campaign.	it increased the policing budget, and hired a public relations firm to assist gabriel's campaign.
this undemocratic arrangement is unpopular in bosnia, especially among bosniaks, but ironically attempts to change it would have to be approved by the chamber itself.	this arrangement is unpopular in bosnia, especially among bosniaks, but ironically attempts to change it would have to be approved by the chamber itself.
crawley town fc spent 48 years at their town mead home until the land was sold to developers in 1997. the club then moved to the impressive broadfield stadium, about two miles across town.	crawley town fc spent 48 years at their town mead home until the land was sold to developers in 1997. the club then moved to the broadfield stadium, about two miles across town.
press, radio, education, filmsall were carefully supervised to create the illusion that fascism was the doctrine of the twentieth century, replacing liberalism and democracy.	press, radio, education, filmsall were carefully supervised to create the impression that fascism was the doctrine of the twentieth century, replacing liberalism and democracy.
in the historiography on conquest and empire, the term black legend refers to a tendency in historical writing demonising spain and the spanish empire, its people and its culture, as uniquely cruel and bigoted.	in the historiography on conquest and empire, the term black legend refers to an alleged tendency in historical writing demonising spain and the spanish empire, its people and its culture, as uniquely cruel and bigoted.
national chengchi university (; abbreviated nccu) is a prestigious public university at muzha in wenshan district, taipei city, taiwan.	national chengchi university (; abbreviated nccu) is a public university at muzha in wenshan district, taipei city, taiwan.
the 2011 norway attacks were two terrorist attacks against the government, a political summer camp and the civilian population in norway on 22 july 2011. the first was a bomb explosion in regjeringskvartalet, the executive government quarter of oslo, at roughly 15:26, outside the office of prime minister jens stoltenberg and other government buildings.	the 2011 norway attacks were two attacks against the government, a political summer camp and the civilian population in norway on 22 july 2011. the first was a bomb explosion in regjeringskvartalet, the executive government quarter of oslo, at roughly 15:26, outside the office of prime minister jens stoltenberg and other government buildings.
legendary baseball promoter joe engel, who scouted for the senators and managed the chattanooga lookouts at engel stadium got a steal of a deal on cronin.	baseball promoter joe engel, who scouted for the senators and managed the chattanooga lookouts at engel stadium got a steal of a deal on cronin.
"this line of interpretation was picked up by katayama seijiro and sakuma shigeo in the 1950s and 60s who accurately noted that although all coastal pirates were labelled ""wokou"", the raids were actually carried out by ""treacherous merchants"" and influential families of china."	"this line of interpretation was picked up by katayama seijiro and sakuma shigeo in the 1950s and 60s who noted that although all coastal pirates were labelled ""wokou"", the raids were actually carried out by ""treacherous merchants"" and influential families of china."
the history of mankind , then – of its economy, of its politics, of its science, of its art – is the history of the struggle against pain and suffering.	the history of humankind , then – of its economy, of its politics, of its science, of its art – is the history of the struggle against pain and suffering.
a photograph of firefighter chris fields emerging from the rubble with infant baylee almon, who later died in a nearby hospital, was reprinted worldwide and became a symbol of the tragedy .	a photograph of firefighter chris fields emerging from the rubble with infant baylee almon, who later died in a nearby hospital, was reprinted worldwide and became a symbol of the attacks .
chile was officially neutral during the conflict , but the chilean westinghouse long range radar deployed in southern chile gave the british task force early warning of argentinian air attacks, which allowed british ships and troops in the war zone to take defensive action.	chile was officially neutral during the falklands war , but the chilean westinghouse long range radar deployed in southern chile gave the british task force early warning of argentinian air attacks, which allowed british ships and troops in the war zone to take defensive action.
the imac did not feature such slots, but its capabilities could be added to with the use of universal serial bus peripherals.	the imac did not feature such slots, but as with many computers, their capabilities could be added to with the use of universal serial bus peripherals.
led by pastor lim chin wah, the new dynamic ministry targets students from junior college and tertiary institutions as well as national servicemen and working adults up till 29 years old.	led by pastor lim chin wah, the new ministry targets students from junior college and tertiary institutions as well as national servicemen and working adults up till 29 years old.
in august 2013, seaman came under attack from the leading israeli daily haaretz.	in august 2013, seaman came under scrutiny from the leading israeli daily haaretz .
unfortunately , these kingdoms did not last for long.	however , these kingdoms did not last for long.
modern india has now become self-sufficient in agricultural production, the tenth industrialised country in the world, one of the six legitimate nuclear-deterrent capable countries, the sixth nation to have gone into outer space, and is now considered an emerging superpower.	modern india has now become self-sufficient in agricultural production, the tenth industrialised country in the world, one of the six nuclear-deterrent capable countries, the sixth nation to have gone into outer space, and is now considered an emerging superpower.
1975. prime minister gough whitlam is deposed in favor of malcolm fraser on 11 november 1975. this is rumored to be the result of a joint cia-british government operation.	1975. prime minister gough whitlam is dismissed in favor of malcolm fraser on 11 november 1975. this is rumored to be the result of a joint cia-british government operation.
it was built by famous ottoman architect mimar sinan from the order of kazasker mehmet vusuli efendi, chief judge of istanbul.	it was built by ottoman architect mimar sinan from the order of kazasker mehmet vusuli efendi, chief judge of istanbul.
falcon 20 (later versions known as falcon 200) original plane in successful family of aircraft.	falcon 20 (later versions known as falcon 200) original plane in family of aircraft.
green-colored uniformsthe favorite color of prophet muhammad according to islamic traditionwere introduced by minister louis farrakhan during saviours' day 1997.	green-colored uniformsthe favorite color of muhammad according to islamic traditionwere introduced by minister louis farrakhan during saviours' day 1997.
performed at the legendary t in the park music festival on 8 july 2006.	performed at the t in the park music festival on 8 july 2006.
"the international media has shortened this name to seleka, which commonly leads to the awkward redundancy ""seleka alliance."""	"the international media has shortened this name to seleka, which commonly leads to the redundancy ""seleka alliance."""
vincent priessnitz (october 4, 1799-november 28, 1851) originated the alternative medicine practices of hydrotherapy and the nature cure, which stressed remedies such as fresh air and mountain water over proper medicine.	vincent priessnitz (october 4, 1799-november 28, 1851) originated the alternative medicine practices of hydrotherapy and the nature cure, which stressed remedies such as fresh air and mountain water over conventional medicine .
under the leadership of later presidents, jehovah's witnesses have developed a more sophisticated organizational and leadership structure, as well as adjusted their beliefs.	under the leadership of later presidents, jehovah's witnesses have developed a more sophisticated organizational and leadership structure, as well as changed their beliefs.
a commander of an alliance fighting for the syrian regime stated that pro-government militias in afrin had retaliated after being attacked by turkish-backed rebels during the preceding night.	a commander of an alliance fighting for the syrian goverment stated that pro-government militias in afrin had retaliated after being attacked by turkish-backed rebels during the preceding night.
in the iliad zeus , aphrodite, ares and apollo support the trojan side in the trojan war, while hera, athena and poseidon support the greeks (see theomachy).	in the iliad, aphrodite, ares and apollo support the trojan side in the trojan war, while hera, athena and poseidon support the greeks (see theomachy).
he was made a freeman of the city of london, and the university of leicester recognised his enormous contribution to entertainment with an honorary degree of master of arts in 1996.	he was made a freeman of the city of london, and the university of leicester recognised his contribution to entertainment with an honorary degree of master of arts in 1996.
moreover, in 2000, the supreme court of the united states affirmed that the boy scouts of america is a private organization which can set its own membership standards .	moreover, in 2000, the supreme court of the united states affirmed that the boy scouts of america is a private organization which can set its own membership criteria .
amongst other things, this is intended to ameliorate unfair distribution of wealth.	amongst other things, this is intended to ameliorate unequal distribution of wealth.
after seven years of court rulings, challenges, and appeals, the california supreme court found that there was no evidence to go to a full trial.	after seven years of court rulings, challenges, and appeals, the california supreme court found that there was not enough evidence to go to a full trial.
the orange county republican party, still smarting after the defeat of arch-conservative former congressman robert dornan in 1996 to congresswoman loretta sanchez for which lopez's organization contributed by registering tens of thousands of new citizens, directed the recall campaign with party cadre and resources.	the orange county republican party, still smarting after the defeat of former congressman robert dornan in 1996 to congresswoman loretta sanchez for which lopez's organization contributed by registering tens of thousands of new citizens, directed the recall campaign with party cadre and resources.
on fridays, when seder has the day off for religious reasons, garofalo predominantly rants for the entire program with guest interviews occurring only occasionally.	on fridays, when seder has the day off for religious reasons, garofalo predominantly talks for the entire program with guest interviews occurring only occasionally.
these versions almost all contain abuse to other groups of people i.e religions , fans ,races but none have been picked up on by the authorities , which has lead to many rangers fans rightly believing that they are being unfairly treated.	these versions almost all contain abuse to other groups of people i.e religions , fans ,races but none have been picked up on by the authorities , which has lead to many rangers fans believing that they are being unfairly treated.
in the 1950s and 1960s the migration from finland to sweden was considerable, chiefly due to finland's misfortune and sweden's fortune in world war ii.	in the 1950s and 1960s the migration from finland to sweden was considerable, chiefly due to finland's misfortune and sweden's neutrality in world war ii.
"the title of aristotle's work is however conventionally translated to ""politics"": see politics (aristotle)."	"the title of aristotle's work is conventionally translated to ""politics"": see politics (aristotle)."
released in 2005, the single heavily samples shirley bassey's theme song for the 1971 james bond film, diamonds are forever although she is strangely not credited.	released in 2005, the single heavily samples shirley bassey's theme song for the 1971 james bond film, diamonds are forever although she is not credited.
the iconic counterculture police series earned six emmy award nominations, four golden globe nominations plus one win for peggy lipton, one directors guild of america award, and four logies.	the counterculture police series earned six emmy award nominations, four golden globe nominations plus one win for peggy lipton, one directors guild of america award, and four logies.
for example, walpack township in sussex county, has a population of only 39 and an area of .	for example, walpack township in sussex county, has a population of 39 and an area of .
it also features the exciting new faction of egypt, and new horse units.	it also features the new faction of egypt, and new horse units.
just like any worthwhile activity, becoming a competent caller takes practice and education.	just like any activity, becoming a competent caller takes practice and education.
like the three ages of the greek poet hesiod, the oldest chinese historiography viewed mankind as living in a fallen age of depravity, cut off from the virtues of the past, as confucius and his disciples revered the sage kings emperor yao and emperor shun.	like the three ages of the greek poet hesiod, the oldest chinese historiography viewed humankind as living in a fallen age of depravity, cut off from the virtues of the past, as confucius and his disciples revered the sage kings emperor yao and emperor shun.
michel ancel is a celebrated french game designer for ubisoft known for creating rayman and beyond good & evil.	michel ancel is a french game designer for ubisoft known for creating rayman and beyond good & evil.
dismissal ipso facto is a legitimate means used by a religious body to insulate itself from what it deems as destructive conduct.	dismissal ipso facto is a means used by a religious body to insulate itself from what it deems as destructive conduct.
after world war ii, apolinary hartglas, a polish jew and member of the warsaw judenrat claimed that edward szturm de sztrem, the pre-war chairman of the polish census statistical office, admitted that the census returns, particularly those from the south-east, had been altered at the executive level.	after world war ii, apolinary hartglas, a polish jew and member of the warsaw city council claimed that edward szturm de sztrem, the pre-war chairman of the polish census statistical office, admitted that the census returns, particularly those from the south-east, had been altered at the executive level.
in november 2011, the sunday world agreed to issue a public apology to convicted old bailey bomber and ira terrorist turned sinn fin mla gerry kelly.	in november 2011, the sunday world agreed to issue a public apology to convicted old bailey bomber and ira volunteer turned sinn fin mla gerry kelly.
an analysis by the republican movement of the 2010 budget shows the office of governor-general costs new zealand taxpayers about $7.6 million in ongoing costs and $11 million for government house upgrades, a total of $18.6 million.	an analysis by the republican movement of the 2010 budget claimed the office of governor-general costs new zealand taxpayers about $7.6 million in ongoing costs and $11 million for government house upgrades, a total of $18.6 million.
a fascinating book concerning the biography of pastor charles taze russell (founder of the group that became jehovah's witnesses), and subtitled an early american christian zionist was written in 1990 by david horowitz, who for many years led the united israel world union.	a book concerning the biography of pastor charles taze russell (founder of the group that became jehovah's witnesses), and subtitled an early american christian zionist was written in 1990 by david horowitz, who for many years led the united israel world union.
is a famous poem by samuel taylor coleridge, which takes its title from the mongol and chinese emperor kublai khan of the yuan dynasty.	is a poem by samuel taylor coleridge, which takes its title from the mongol and chinese emperor kublai khan of the yuan dynasty.
azerbaijanis consider this piece of u.s. legislature grossly unfair, as no measures were taken against armenia regarding its occuapation of some 14% of azerbaijani territory (including nagorno-karabakh).	azerbaijanis consider this piece of u.s. legislature grossly unfair, as no measures were taken against armenia regarding its control of some 14% of azerbaijani territory (including nagorno-karabakh).
ferenc pusks, 79, legendary hungarian footballer and coach, alzheimer's disease.	ferenc pusks, 79, former hungarian footballer and coach, alzheimer's disease.
above the port there is a hill where the church of saints kostantine and helen is situated with a breath-taking panoramic view of the coast and stouronisi (styra island).	above the port there is a hill where the church of saints kostantine and helen is situated with a panoramic view of the coast and stouronisi (styra island).
greenpeace is a non-governmental organization for the protection and conservation of the environment.	greenpeace is a non-governmental organization with the stated purpose of the protection and conservation of the environment.
a devious tactic used by chechen snipers during the first battle of grozny was to shoot off the antennas from the moving apcs.	a favorite tactic used by chechen snipers during the first battle of grozny was to shoot off the antennas from the moving apcs.
however, the song had nothing to do with the exaggerated bloody sunday incident of 1972. in concert, u2 made it abundantly clear that the song was in no way an endorsement of terrorist violence in northern ireland.	however, the song had nothing to do with the bloody sunday incident of 1972. in concert, u2 made it abundantly clear that the song was in no way an endorsement of terrorist violence in northern ireland.
"it is sometimes wrongly referred to as a public school in the english sense, but in scotland as in most of the english-speaking world, the term ""public school"" signifies a state school."	"it is sometimes confusingly referred to as a public school in the english sense, but in scotland as in most of the english-speaking world, the term ""public school"" signifies a state school."
the same day, hts shot down a syrian arab air forces l-39 albatross using a strela-2 manpads, capturing the pilot and later brutally executing him.	the same day, hts shot down a syrian arab air forces l-39 albatross using a strela-2 manpads, capturing the pilot and later executing him.
loibl then fatally shot himself after being tackled by grimmie's brother marcus.	loibl then fatally shot himself after being confronted by grimmie's brother marcus.
e-mart is the oldest and largest discount store chain in korea with total sales volume exceeding us$ 9.4 billion in 2009. it was established in 1993. with aggressive new store openings and acquisition of wal-mart korea in 2006, e-mart is enjoying its retail leadership in the discount store market.	e-mart is the oldest and largest discount store chain in korea with total sales volume exceeding us$ 9.4 billion in 2009. it was established in 1993. with new store openings and acquisition of wal-mart korea in 2006, e-mart is enjoying its retail leadership in the discount store market.
on october 16, 2015, it was announced that rookie blue has completed its run after six successful seasons and will not return for a season 7.	on october 16, 2015, it was announced that rookie blue has completed its run after six seasons and will not return for a season 7.
in july 1981 phillips finally asked randi to join him in designing some of the experiments.	in july 1981 phillips asked randi to join him in designing some of the experiments.
aspartame (or apm) ( or ) is the name for a non-toxic , non-saccharide sweetener, aspartyl-phenylalanine-1-methyl ester; i.e., a methyl ester of the dipeptide of the amino acids aspartic acid and phenylalanine.	aspartame (or apm) ( or ) is the name for a artificial , non-saccharide sweetener, aspartyl-phenylalanine-1-methyl ester; i.e., a methyl ester of the dipeptide of the amino acids aspartic acid and phenylalanine.
vogel began acting in 2001, and has since appeared in several notable films and series, including the texas chainsaw massacre, the sisterhood of the traveling pants, grind, poseidon, and cloverfield.	vogel began acting in 2001, and has since appeared in several films and series, including the texas chainsaw massacre, the sisterhood of the traveling pants, grind, poseidon, and cloverfield.
another factor affecting this is the proximity of both turku, the region's administrative centre and largest city, and of the beautiful archipelago.	another factor affecting this is the proximity of both turku, the region's administrative centre and largest city, and of the archipelago.
timothy jacob wise (born october 4, 1968) is an american, anti-racist activist and writer.	timothy jacob wise (born october 4, 1968) is an american, activist and writer.
beckham had been fouled hard by diego simeone and as simeone stood up, he pushed upon beckham's back.	beckham had been fouled by diego simeone and as simeone stood up, he pushed upon beckham's back.
the portrayal is ambiguous and unrealistic, and the character has a stereotypical monicker .	the portrayal is ambiguous and unrealistic, and the character has a stereotypical moniker .
paul michael glaser (born march 25, 1943) is an american actor and director, perhaps best known for his role as detective david starsky on the '70s sitcom starsky and hutch, he is also known for his role as capt.	paul michael glaser (born march 25, 1943) is an american actor and director, perhaps best known for his role as detective david starsky on the '70s television series starsky and hutch, he is also known for his role as capt.
maddox was an avid fan of track and field and a major force in building the field house.	maddox was an fan of track and field and a major force in building the field house.
he was the authoritarian leader of germany from 1933 to 1945, serving as chancellor from 1933 to 1945 and as head of state (fhrer und reichskanzler) from 1934 to 1945.	he was the leader of germany from 1933 to 1945, serving as chancellor from 1933 to 1945 and as head of state (fhrer und reichskanzler) from 1934 to 1945.
throughout the period 194956 the egyptian government opposed the movement of refugees from the gaza strip into israel, but following the idf's gaza raid on february 28, 1955 the egyptian authorities facilitated terrorist infiltration but still continued to oppose civilian infiltration.	throughout the period 194956 the egyptian government opposed the movement of refugees from the gaza strip into israel, but following the idf's gaza raid on february 28, 1955 the egyptian authorities facilitated militant infiltration but still continued to oppose civilian infiltration.
sanosuke has been highly popular with the rurouni kenshin reader base, placing second in every popularity poll.	sanosuke has been popular with the rurouni kenshin reader base, placing second in every popularity poll.
"from 1993 until april 1, 2010, the gallery became ""pacewildenstein,"" a joint business venture between the pace gallery (the blue-chip modern and contemporary art gallery) and wildenstein & co. (a gallery specializing in old master painting)."	"from 1993 until april 1, 2010, the gallery became ""pacewildenstein,"" a joint business venture between the pace gallery (the modern and contemporary art gallery) and wildenstein & co. (a gallery specializing in old master painting)."
zandig failed to pay teddy on a number of occasions and was jealous that teddy was getting over with his promotion's fanbase when he was being booked as a heel.	zandig failed to pay teddy on a number of occasions and was upset that teddy was getting over with his promotion's fanbase when he was being booked as a heel.
"one of their major hits was with the track ""enlightenment"" released in 2000. the track features a beautiful melody played by what sounds like a symphony orchestra and features a whispering sample by gary oldman from the movie ""leon - the professional""."	"one of their major hits was with the track ""enlightenment"" released in 2000. the track features a melody played by what sounds like a symphony orchestra and features a whispering sample by gary oldman from the movie ""leon - the professional""."
"this led some researchers and activists to associate him with ""aids dissidents "" who deny that hiv has any role in aids a charge that sonnabend refuted:"	"this led some researchers and activists to associate him with ""aids denialists "" who deny that hiv has any role in aids a charge that sonnabend refuted:"
"the boeing 787 - ""dreamliner"" - boeing's latest long haul jet touted as the most fuel efficient and environmentally friendly commercial jet in its size (mid sized 210-330 passenger planes)."	"the boeing 787 - ""dreamliner"" - boeing's latest long haul jet , advertised by boeing as the most fuel efficient and environmentally friendly commercial jet in its size (mid sized 210-330 passenger planes)."
standard east norwegian (generally considered a norwegian dialect)	urban east norwegian (generally considered a norwegian dialect)
scholars doubting buchanan's homosexuality point out that two men sharing a bed or a room for a night was incredibly common.	scholars doubting buchanan's homosexuality point out that two men sharing a bed or a room for a night was common.
the cassandra complex are an influential rock group formed by rodney orpheus and paul dillon in 1980 in leeds, england, later expanding to a trio with the addition of andy booth in 1984.	the cassandra complex are an rock group formed by rodney orpheus and paul dillon in 1980 in leeds, england, later expanding to a trio with the addition of andy booth in 1984.
captain campbell was then shot in the leg by one of his own men when he foolishly ventured around a corner, having previously given his private orders to shoot on sight.	captain campbell was then shot in the leg by one of his own men when he ventured around a corner, having previously given his private orders to shoot on sight.
schmidt is a transsexual .	schmidt is a trans woman .
a microsoft spy has reported that a scale model of this server farm, which he toured in silicon valley, contains only 10,000 search servers.	a microsoft researcher has reported that a scale model of this server farm, which he toured in silicon valley, contains only 10,000 search servers.
lt-col haroon islam was martyrd by militants of lal masjid and jamia hafsa early on july 8, 2007, morning.	lt-col haroon islam was killed by militants of lal masjid and jamia hafsa early on july 8, 2007, morning.
theorists c. riley snorton and jin haritaworn incisively critique how images and narratives centering on the deaths of trans people of colormost often transfeminine bodies of colorare circulated within social movements and spaces headed by white gay and trans activists, such as tdor.	theorists c. riley snorton and jin haritaworn critique how images and narratives centering on the deaths of trans people of colormost often transfeminine bodies of colorare circulated within social movements and spaces headed by white gay and trans activists, such as tdor.
in 1964 courvoisier was acquired by the canadian spirits group hiram walker, which helped to drastically increase international sales.	in 1964 courvoisier was acquired by the canadian spirits group hiram walker, which helped to increase international sales.
the band later changing their name to the stereophonics, after kelly , searching for a different name, saw the word on a record player of his father's.	the band later changing their name to the stereophonics, after jones , searching for a different name, saw the word on a record player of his father's.
nahr-e abu shanak (, also romanized as nahr-e ab shnak; also known as ab shnak) is a nice village in nasar rural district, arvandkenar district, abadan county, khuzestan province, iran.	nahr-e abu shanak (, also romanized as nahr-e ab shnak; also known as ab shnak) is a village in nasar rural district, arvandkenar district, abadan county, khuzestan province, iran.
in 2009 the greensboro city council passed a resolution expressing regret for the murders .	in 2009 the greensboro city council passed a resolution expressing regret for the deaths .
he also briefly dated fellow actress helen hunt in 2000.	he also briefly dated fellow actor helen hunt in 2000.
in a consumer protection approach, in contrast, it is acknowledged that individuals may not have the time or knowledge to make informed choices, or may not have reasonable alternatives available.	in a consumer protection approach, in contrast, it is claimed that individuals may not have the time or knowledge to make informed choices, or may not have reasonable alternatives available.
it is a standard typeface in many gnu/ linux distributions.	it is a standard typeface in many linux distributions.
"candy is an american comedienne whose act doesn't appear to contain any jokes, and she simply gets through by talking about a series of subjects, whilst repeating ""what's that all about?"""	"candy is an american comedian whose act doesn't appear to contain any jokes, and she simply gets through by talking about a series of subjects, whilst repeating ""what's that all about?"""
two decades later, herbert's son brian herbert, along with kevin j. anderson, published two sequels – hunters of dune (2006) and sandworms of dune (2007) – supposedly based on notes left behind by frank herbert for what he referred to as dune 7, his own planned seventh novel in the dune series.	two decades later, herbert's son brian herbert, along with kevin j. anderson, published two sequels – hunters of dune (2006) and sandworms of dune (2007) – based on notes left behind by frank herbert for what he referred to as dune 7, his own planned seventh novel in the dune series.
the remastering included replacing model shots with computer graphics, cutting small pieces of dialogue (and even entire scenes), re-filming norman lovett's holly footage, creating a consistent set of opening titles for use in the episodes, and updating music and ambient sound effects with a digital master.	the remastering included replacing model shots with computer graphics, cutting small pieces of dialogue (and removing entire scenes), re-filming norman lovett's holly footage, creating a consistent set of opening titles for use in the episodes, and updating music and ambient sound effects with a digital master.
islamic clerics have their salaries paid from the state budget, where the clerics of other cults do not have this privilege.	islamic clerics have their salaries paid from the state budget, where the clerics of other religions do not have this privilege.
emma sulkowicz (born october 3, 1992 in new york city), is the daughter of sandra leong and kerry sulkowicz, both psychiatrists from manhattan.	emma sulkowicz (born october 3, 1992 in new york city), is the child of sandra leong and kerry sulkowicz, both psychiatrists from manhattan.
she started her own show on the network in september 2008, in prime time after powerhouses keith obermann and chris matthews.	she started her own show on the network in september 2008, in prime time after keith obermann and chris matthews.
although botham's performances against australia in 1981 were spectacular, botham could not produce anything like the same results against the more powerful west indies team.	although botham's performances against australia in 1981 were spectacular, botham did not produce anything like the same results against the more powerful west indies team.
i married joan is an american sitcom that aired on nbc from 1952 to 1955. it starred veteran vaudeville, film, and radio comedienne -comedy actress joan davis as the manic, scatterbrained wife of a mild-mannered community judge, the honorable bradley stevens (jim backus).	i married joan is an american sitcom that aired on nbc from 1952 to 1955. it starred veteran vaudeville, film, and radio comedian -comedy actress joan davis as the manic, scatterbrained wife of a mild-mannered community judge, the honorable bradley stevens (jim backus).
the area of the town was purchased from the natives for some crappy trinkets in 1678 and settlement followed.	the area of the town was purchased from the natives for some trinkets in 1678 and settlement followed.
the evacuation started under the threat of soviet invasion .	the evacuation started under the threat of soviet offensive .
the new massachusetts health care legislation establishes a system to provide citizens with private, affordable, insurance.	the new massachusetts health care legislation hopes to establish a system to provide citizens with private, affordable, insurance.
the viaduct was built in 1848 by sir john fowler (engineer; designer of the famous forth bridge) and weightman & hadfield (architects) to extend the manchester, sheffield and lincolnshire railway from its previous terminus at bridgehouses.	the viaduct was built in 1848 by sir john fowler (engineer; designer of the forth bridge) and weightman & hadfield (architects) to extend the manchester, sheffield and lincolnshire railway from its previous terminus at bridgehouses.
"in a blog post in december 2012, krugman continues his rant : ""so yes, the equations in one of mike woodfords papers look a lot like the equations coming out of chicago or minneapolis."	"in a blog post in december 2012, krugman continues his discussion : ""so yes, the equations in one of mike woodfords papers look a lot like the equations coming out of chicago or minneapolis."
on the day of the celebration, a typical muslim family awakes very early, does the first normal everyday prayer, and is required to eat a little, symbolizing the end of ramadan.	on the day of the celebration, a typical muslim family awakes very early, does the first everyday prayer, and is required to eat a little, symbolizing the end of ramadan.
america: freedom to fascism, a film that espouses tax protester arguments	america: freedom to fascism, a film that presents tax protester arguments
"the group actively recruits female guerrillas and claims that its ""cruelest and fiercest fighters"" are women drawn to the movement's ""radical feminism""."	"the group actively recruits female guerrillas and states that its ""cruelest and fiercest fighters"" are women drawn to the movement's ""radical feminism""."
"finally, in january 2006, arafat's fatah — according to george w. bush an ""obstacle to peace"" — was replaced by the hamas, who won the legislative elections."	"finally, in january 2006, arafat's fatah — according to george w. bush an ""obstacle to peace"" — was replaced by hamas, who won the legislative elections."
"noam chomsky alleged that freedom house ""had interlocks with aim, the world anticommunist league, resistance international, and u.s. government bodies such as radio free europe and the cia, and has long served as a virtual propaganda arm of the (u.s) government and international right wing."""	"noam chomsky asserted that freedom house ""had interlocks with aim, the world anticommunist league, resistance international, and u.s. government bodies such as radio free europe and the cia, and has long served as a virtual propaganda arm of the (u.s) government and international right wing."""
bruce dickinson (born paul bruce dickinson, august 7, 1958 in worksop, nottinghamshire, england) is the legendary singer in the heavy metal band iron maiden.	bruce dickinson (born paul bruce dickinson, august 7, 1958 in worksop, nottinghamshire, england) is the lead singer in the heavy metal band iron maiden.
the professional inline hockey association (piha) is an elite inline hockey league composed of 18 teams in the united states.	the professional inline hockey association (piha) is an inline hockey league composed of 18 teams in the united states.
after the bolshevik revolution, ottoman armies liberated azerbaijan and dagestan and the region became part of the short-lived mountainous republic of the northern caucasus.	after the bolshevik revolution, ottoman armies occupied azerbaijan and dagestan and the region became part of the short-lived mountainous republic of the northern caucasus.
the album sold only 3,200 copies the first week of its release in the us.	the album sold 3,200 copies the first week of its release in the us.
gerald michael barbarito is the bishop of the scandal-plagued catholic diocese of palm beach, florida.	gerald michael barbarito is the bishop of the catholic diocese of palm beach, florida.
since there is no evidence that it was artificially introduced into new zealand, it is classified as a native species there and is consequently misguidedly protected.	since there is no evidence that it was artificially introduced into new zealand, it is classified as a native species there and is consequently protected.
"in the controversial family guy episode ""when you wish upon a weinstein"", peter discovers that bill nye is jewish upon entering a synagogue."	"in the family guy episode ""when you wish upon a weinstein"", peter discovers that bill nye is jewish upon entering a synagogue."
"is in same way in- between the ""feminine"" phoneme a (/amiga/) and ""masculine"" one o (/amigo/) ."	"is in same way between the ""feminine"" phoneme a (/amiga/) and ""masculine"" one o (/amigo/) ."
inhabited by 113,169 people, it is a city in the herzegovina region, its cultural capital, and the center of the herzegovina-neretva canton of the federation.	inhabited by 113,169 people, it is the most important city in the herzegovina region, its cultural capital, and the center of the herzegovina-neretva canton of the federation.
in 2011, it was revealed that he once told elizabeth taylor, his co-star in giant, that he was sexually abused by the minister two years after his mother's death.	in 2011, it was reported that he once told elizabeth taylor, his co-star in giant, that he was sexually abused by the minister two years after his mother's death.
200305: building a playoff contender	200305: pretending to build a playoff contender
"dr. yosef ""yossi"" beilin (, born june 12, 1948) is an israeli statesman and scholar who has served in multiple ministerial and leadership positions in the israeli government."	"dr. yosef ""yossi"" beilin (, born june 12, 1948) is an israeli politician and scholar who has served in multiple ministerial and leadership positions in the israeli government."
carleton university is a prestigious non-denominational, co-educational university in ottawa, ontario, canada.	carleton university is a non-denominational, co-educational university in ottawa, ontario, canada.
christina maria aguilera (born december 18 1980) is an american pop singer-songwriter and record producer.	christina maria aguilera (born december 18 1980) is a grammy-winning american pop singer-songwriter and record producer.
tawana brawley at a press conference in 1987tawana brawley (born 1972) is an african-american woman who, in 1987 at age 15, received national media attention in the us for falsley claiming she was raped by six white men, some of them police officers, in the village of wappingers falls, new york.	tawana brawley at a press conference in 1987tawana brawley (born 1972) is an african-american woman who, in 1987 at age 15, received national media attention in the us for claiming she was raped by six white men, some of them police officers, in the village of wappingers falls, new york.
duke university is a prestigious private, coeducational university in durham, north carolina in the united states.	duke university is a private, coeducational university in durham, north carolina in the united states.
he co-starred with the comedienne nin marshall in a number of films.	he co-starred with the comedian nin marshall in a number of films.
pearson also serves on the board of advisors for the global panel foundation, a respected ngo that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.	pearson also serves on the board of advisors for the global panel foundation, a ngo that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.
some captured allied aircrew were murdered if they fell into the hands of german civilians.	some captured allied aircrew were killed if they fell into the hands of german civilians.
she appeared in the fall season of dancing with the stars in 2010, where she was unexpectedly one of the final three contestants, finishing the season in third place.	she appeared in the fall season of dancing with the stars in 2010, where she was one of the final three contestants, finishing the season in third place.
though many more have been falsely attributed to the work of hermes trismegistus, hermeticists commonly accept there to have been forty-two books to his credit.	though many more have been attributed to the work of hermes trismegistus, hermeticists commonly accept there to have been forty-two books to his credit.
shi'ism began to diverge from mainstream islam in the centuries after the death of the prophet muhammad based on the politics of the early caliphs.	shi'ism began to diverge from sunni islam in the centuries after the death of the prophet muhammad based on the politics of the early caliphs.
palestinian riots immediately followed the shooting; in the following week, 25 palestinians were killed by the israel defense forces, and five israelis were killed as well.	palestinian protests immediately followed the shooting; in the following week, 25 palestinians were killed by the israel defense forces, and five israelis were killed as well.
the new group moved in to a house together in the middle of san marcos, texas and began to work on the music they hoped would soon alter their careers into something huge.	the new group moved in to a house together in the middle of san marcos, texas and began to work on the music they hoped would alter their careers into something huge.
according to libanius constantius was effectively under the control of others who unwisely inspired him to end pagan sacrifices.	according to libanius constantius was effectively under the control of others who inspired him to end pagan sacrifices.
"from its beginnings in the american counterculture of the late 1960s, ultimate has resisted empowering any referee with rule enforcement, instead relying on the sportsmanship of players and invoking the ""spirit of the game"" to maintain fair play."	"from its beginnings in the american counterculture of the late 1960s, ultimate has resisted empowering any referee with rule enforcement, instead relying on the sportspersonship of players and invoking the ""spirit of the game"" to maintain fair play."
nouns have three grammatical genders (masculine, feminine and neutral ) that correspond to a certain extent with the word ending, so that most nouns ending in -a are feminine, -o and -e neutral and the rest mostly masculine with a small but important class of feminines.	nouns have three grammatical genders (masculine, feminine and neuter ) that correspond to a certain extent with the word ending, so that most nouns ending in -a are feminine, -o and -e neutral and the rest mostly masculine with a small but important class of feminines.
they suffered grievous casualties when enemy fire set off the explosives they were working with.	they suffered heavy casualties when enemy fire set off the explosives they were working with.
sir edmund andros (6 december 1637 24 february 1714) was an early colonial english governor in north america, most notoriously as the head of the dominion of new england for most of its three-year existence.	sir edmund andros (6 december 1637 24 february 1714) was an early colonial english governor in north america, most notably as the head of the dominion of new england for most of its three-year existence.
the japanese rule was from 1910 to 1945.	the japanese occupation was from 1910 to 1945.
"the liberal media watchdog group, fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), has published a book entitled the ""oh really?"""	"the media watchdog group, fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), has published a book entitled the ""oh really?"""
because of the thoroughness of the kantian paradigm shift, his influence extends even to thinkers who do not specifically refer to his work or use his terminology.	because of the thoroughness of the kantian paradigm shift, his influence extends to thinkers who do not specifically refer to his work or use his terminology.
the landscape in southern zimbabwe dull and flat, interspersed with amazing granite mountains that rise from the flat earth like warts.	the landscape in southern zimbabwe dull and flat, interspersed with granite mountains that rise from the flat earth like warts.
this could illustrate a pattern of family behavior.	this allegation was used to illustrate a pattern of family behavior.
henry chakava , prominent kenyan publisher.	henry chakava , kenyan publisher.
emergents share a willingness to challenge traditional church structures and organizations like the house church movement while deeply respecting the different expressions of traditional christian denominations.	emergents share a willingness to challenge traditional church structures and organizations like the house church movement while respecting the different expressions of traditional christian denominations.
"his remarks were later criticized as ""catholic baiting"" by the right-wing catholic league."	"his remarks were later criticized as ""catholic baiting"" by the catholic league."
although essentially a high fantasy, bone often displays great comic humor, particularly the great cow race in issue #10, and phoney's ongoing efforts to become rich off the credulous valley residents.	although essentially a high fantasy, bone often displays comic humor, particularly the great cow race in issue #10, and phoney's ongoing efforts to become rich off the credulous valley residents.
"the sangh parivar is a loose ""family"" of organisations, including political parties, which promote the hate ideology of hindutva."	"the sangh parivar is a loose ""family"" of organisations, including political parties, which promote the ideology of hindutva."
the genus lonomia is a moderate-sized group of fairly cryptic saturniid moths from south america, famous not for the adults, but for their amazingly venomous caterpillars, which are responsible for a few deaths each year (e.g., ), especially in southern brazil, and the subject of hundreds of published medical studies.	the genus lonomia is a moderate-sized group of fairly cryptic saturniid moths from south america, famous not for the adults, but for their highly venomous caterpillars, which are responsible for a few deaths each year (e.g., ), especially in southern brazil, and the subject of hundreds of published medical studies.
wilma pebble slaghoople flintstone (maiden name pebble or slaghooplesee below) is a fictional character in the popular television animated series the flintstones.	wilma pebble slaghoople flintstone (maiden name pebble or slaghooplesee below) is a fictional character in the television animated series the flintstones.
there is also a village church, which still takes services weekly.	there is also a village church, which takes services weekly.
zorn's lemma was first discovered by k. kuratowski in 1922 who derived it from the hausdorff maximal principle, and independently by max zorn in 1935.	zorn's lemma was first proved by k. kuratowski in 1922 who derived it from the hausdorff maximal principle, and independently by max zorn in 1935.
after only 24 at bats that year, he did not play in the majors again until , when he finally began to play full-time for the a's.	after only 24 at bats that year, he did not play in the majors again until , when he began to play full-time for the a's.
prior to the world chess championship 2010, anand, who had booked on the flight frankfurt-sofia on april 16, was stranded due to the cancellation of all flights following the volcano ash scare from eyjafjallajkull.	prior to the world chess championship 2010, anand, who had booked on the flight frankfurt-sofia on april 16, was stranded due to the cancellation of all flights following the volcano ash cloud from eyjafjallajkull.
the nuremberg trials found evidence that german physicians continued the extermination of patients after october 1941 and evidence that about 275,000 people were euthanized under t4 .	the nuremberg trials found evidence that german physicians continued the extermination of patients after october 1941 and evidence that about 275,000 people were killed under t4 .
the balli kombetar killed 163 chetniks and liberated the town of novi pazar.	the balli kombetar killed 163 chetniks and captured the town of novi pazar.
he also performed sick acts of beastiality including stabbing sheep to bring himself to climax.	he also performed acts of beastiality including stabbing sheep to bring himself to climax.
standardization was perhaps worst in the early days of scsi manufacture.	standardization was perhaps least consistent in the early days of scsi manufacture.
in 1996 a brown's chicken was opened at 301 e. northwest highway at the palatine plaza, less than a mile east of the infamous location.	in 1996 a brown's chicken was opened at 301 e. northwest highway at the palatine plaza, less than a mile east of the location.
creation scientists also construe available evidence in a manner to indicate that atheistic evolution is scientifically untenable.	creation scientists also construe available evidence in a manner to aledge that atheistic evolution is scientifically untenable.
the anus is also much tighter than the vagina, and thus more pleasureable.	the anus is also much tighter than the vagina, and thus considered by some to be pleasureable.
however, mr. moore's last involvement with greenpeace was in canada some 23 years ago, and he currently heads the clean & safe energy coalition, an astroturfing group funded by the us nuclear energy institute.	however, mr. moore's last involvement with greenpeace was in canada some 23 years ago, and he currently heads the clean & safe energy coalition, an pro-nuclear group funded by the us nuclear energy institute.
denktash stubbornly resisted efforts by the united nations, the united states, the european union and britain to reunite the island.	denktash resisted efforts by the united nations, the united states, the european union and britain to reunite the island.
isis is obviously a parody of the singer madonna.	isis is a parody of the singer madonna.
next new networks is a leading web television company based in new york city, new york, that was launched in january 2007 by herb scannell and fred seibert.	next new networks is a web television company based in new york city, new york, that was launched in january 2007 by herb scannell and fred seibert.
"o'reilly argued the credibility of such books like ""the five biggest lies bush told us about iraq""."	"bill oreilly argued the credibility of such books like ""the five biggest lies bush told us about iraq""."
made a few offensive homophobic remarks near the start of the interview.	made a few homophobic remarks near the start of the interview.
on 28 april she splashed a suicide plane as it dove toward her, and remained on this duty unscathed until 4 may when she arrived at ulithi to reload.	on 28 april she downed a suicide plane as it dove toward her, and remained on this duty unscathed until 4 may when she arrived at ulithi to reload.
one of the earliest was formed under the name of the irish charitable society and was founded in boston, massachusetts in 1737. these new organisations went by varying names, most notably the anti-protestant ancient and most benevolent order of the friendly brothers of saint patrick, founded in new york in 1767, the society of the friendly sons of saint patrick for the relief of emigrants in philadelphia in 1771, and the friendly sons of saint patrick also formed in new york in 1784.	one of the earliest was formed under the name of the irish charitable society and was founded in boston, massachusetts in 1737. these new organisations went by varying names, most notably the ancient and most benevolent order of the friendly brothers of saint patrick, founded in new york in 1767, the society of the friendly sons of saint patrick for the relief of emigrants in philadelphia in 1771, and the friendly sons of saint patrick also formed in new york in 1784.
bessie burris continued to visit and work with albert okura collecting memorabilia for the town and roy's until her passing at 91, may 17, 2008 in nearby wonder valley, ca.	bessie burris continued to visit and work with albert okura collecting memorabilia for the town and roy's until her death at 91, may 17, 2008 in nearby wonder valley, ca.
whoopi goldberg, comedienne , actress, singer-songwriter, political activist, academy award winner.	whoopi goldberg, comedian , actress, singer-songwriter, political activist, academy award winner.
in 1830, in the last days of the bourbon restoration in france, the conquest of algeria was initiated by charles x as an attempt to increase his popularity amongst the french people.	in 1830, in the last days of the bourbon restoration in france, the conquest of the regency of algiers was initiated by charles x as an attempt to increase his popularity amongst the french people.
notable figures in the history of fandom	figures in the history of fandom
a nice photo of the park	a photo of the park
buchholz stands an imposing 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighs 220 lbs.	buchholz stands an 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighs 220 lbs.
he is a programmer for controversial british defence contracter bae systems.	he is a programmer for british defence contracter bae systems.
his father ken beashel is a legendary sailor and boat builder in sydney.	his father ken beashel is a sailor and boat builder in sydney.
the youtube system also routinely generates a list of the most popular channels on the website.	the youtube system routinely generates a list of the most popular channels on the website.
altman had a starring role as the host of the notorious short-lived nbc variety show pink lady and jeff in 1980. he has also directed many sitcoms and in the mid-'80s was spokesman for arby's restaurants.	altman had a starring role as the host of the short-lived nbc variety show pink lady and jeff in 1980. he has also directed many sitcoms and in the mid-'80s was spokesman for arby's restaurants.
in february 2011, bailey led tasmania to a remarkable five wicket sheffield shield win over victoria where he scored an unbeaten 160. needing 130 in the final session, he and james faulkner pushed the tigers past the total in the 91st over of play on the final day to lift tasmania to second on the table behind new south wales.	in february 2011, bailey led tasmania to a five wicket sheffield shield win over victoria where he scored an unbeaten 160. needing 130 in the final session, he and james faulkner pushed the tigers past the total in the 91st over of play on the final day to lift tasmania to second on the table behind new south wales.
today it is wrongly known as the northern areas.	today it is known as the northern areas.
shakira is undoubtedly a great talent.	shakira is considered by many to be a great talent.
this depracticed type of bonus gave three (or some other number) discrete clues in order of decreasing difficulty; with the decreasing difficulty comes decreased point value, providing an incentive to answer the earlier clue.	this no longer used type of bonus gave three (or some other number) discrete clues in order of decreasing difficulty; with the decreasing difficulty comes decreased point value, providing an incentive to answer the earlier clue.
the notion has also diverted attention and resources away from efforts to determine the causes of autism.	the notion has also diverted attention and resources away from efforts to determine other possible causes of autism.
they find the chapel, and learn that stu, despite planning to propose to his extremely controlling girlfriend melissa (rachael harris), married an escort named jade (heather graham), who turns out to be the mother of the baby in the closet.	they find the chapel, and learn that stu, despite planning to propose to his controlling girlfriend melissa (rachael harris), married an escort named jade (heather graham), who turns out to be the mother of the baby in the closet.
the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to liberal social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.	the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to leftist social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.
time management is straightforwardly defined as the management of time in order to make the most out of it.	time management is commonly defined as the management of time in order to make the most out of it.
the most successful team (1887 present) is unquestionably kerry.	the most successful team (1887 present) is kerry.
despite achieving worldwide fame and recognition during his life for his artistic accomplishments, his outspoken, radical beliefs largely clashed with the jim crow climate of pre-civil rights america, and colonialist europe.	despite achieving worldwide fame and recognition during his life for his artistic accomplishments, his outspoken, radical beliefs largely clashed with the jim crow climate of pre-civil rights america, and pre-war europe.
crispus attucks, from framingham, was the first african-american to be killed in the fight for american liberty .	crispus attucks, from framingham, was the first african-american to be killed in the fight for american independence .
in 1236, crdoba was freed by king ferdinand iii of castile in the reconquista, and the mosque was returned into a catholic church.	in 1236, crdoba was conquered by king ferdinand iii of castile in the reconquista, and the mosque was returned into a catholic church.
with the goal of reducing crime and homicide, the democratic party has introduced various gun control measures over the last 100 years.	with a stated goal of reducing crime and homicide, the democratic party has introduced various gun control measures over the last 100 years.
january 15 - andrea martin, actress and comedienne	january 15 - andrea martin, actress and comedian
january 22 - r. budd dwyer, treasurer for the commonwealth of pennsylvania, shoots and kills himself at a press conference after being found guilty on fake charges of bribery, fraud, conspiracy, and racketeering.	january 22 - r. budd dwyer, treasurer for the commonwealth of pennsylvania, shoots and kills himself at a press conference after being found guilty on charges of bribery, fraud, conspiracy, and racketeering.
michael f. cannon, a senior fellow of the conservative cato institute, has argued that the federal government can hide inefficiencies in its administration and draw away consumers from private insurance even if the government offers an inferior product.	michael f. cannon, a senior fellow of the cato institute, has argued that the federal government can hide inefficiencies in its administration and draw away consumers from private insurance even if the government offers an inferior product.
"a few brave bands even include rudimentary serialism in their music, in their bid to escape ""standard"" diatonic harmony."	"a few bands even include rudimentary serialism in their music, in their bid to escape ""standard"" diatonic harmony."
the second wave of anti-fascist violence took place after the liberation of istria from axis occupation in may 1945. this was known as the foibe massacres.	the second wave of violence took place after the liberation of istria from axis occupation in may 1945. this was known as the foibe massacres.
the national fish habitat initiative is an unprecedented attempt to address an unseen crisis for fish nationwide: loss and degradation of their watery homes.	the national fish habitat initiative is an attempt to address an unseen crisis for fish nationwide: loss and degradation of their watery homes.
it has never supported a republican presidential candidate and its margins for democrats are not only the largest of any state, but are also the largest of any single county equivalent.	since gaining 3 electoral votes in 1961, dc has never supported a republican presidential candidate and its margins for democrats are not only the largest of any state, but are also the largest of any single county equivalent.
in 2004 ganguly played what many rank among the best indian innnings, when he hit a 144 against australia, however as critics rightly point out, australia's bowling was not potent enough as they missed their three top bowlers glenn mcgrath and brett lee and shane warne for that match.	in 2004 ganguly played what many rank among the best indian innnings, when he hit a 144 against australia, however as critics point out, australia's bowling was not potent enough as they missed their three top bowlers glenn mcgrath and brett lee and shane warne for that match.
data feed is a good mechanism for data users to receive updated data from data sources.	data feed is a mechanism for data users to receive updated data from data sources.
it has been getting excessive airplay on the fifth installment of american idol on fox, most often on the elimination night.	it has been getting large amounts of airplay on the fifth installment of american idol on fox, most often on the elimination night.
is a german citizen wrongly imprisoned for over four month in the bagram theater internment facility in afghanistan.	is a german citizen imprisoned for over four month in the bagram theater internment facility in afghanistan.
jack dorsey, the billionaire founder of twitter and square is known to evangelize the wabi-sabi philosophy of design.	jack dorsey, the billionaire founder of twitter and square is known to promote the wabi-sabi philosophy of design.
in the expansion, the player is tasked with rejoining the remnants of the sfod-d. unfortunately, they also die via contrived means.	in the expansion, the player is tasked with rejoining the remnants of the sfod-d. unfortunately, they also die via various means.
the project could not be finished and the property passed in 1991 to the lavender line preservation society, which took over and beautifully restored the station.	the project could not be finished and the property passed in 1991 to the lavender line preservation society, which took over and restored the station.
the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) is a scientific body tasked to evaluate the risk of climate change caused by human activity.	the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) is a body tasked to evaluate the risk of climate change caused by human activity.
it was created in the mid-15th century, and is now the official script of both north korea and south korea, being co-official in the yanbian korean autonomous prefecture of modern-day china.	it was created in the mid-15th century, and is now the official script of both north korea and south korea, being co-official in the yanbian korean autonomous prefecture of jilin province, people's republic of china.
he has performed for large audiences of its adherents at the scientology celebrity center's anniversary gala in 2004, 2005, and 2006. he also performed two tracks on the all-star scientology music album the joy of creating (other artists appearing include isaac hayes, chick corea, edgar winter, and carl anderson).	he has performed for large audiences of its adherents at the scientology celebrity center's anniversary gala in 2004, 2005, and 2006. he also performed two tracks on the scientology music album the joy of creating (other artists appearing include isaac hayes, chick corea, edgar winter, and carl anderson).
during saddam's tyranny , galloway holidayed and even disco-danced with saddam's foreign minister.	during saddam's government , galloway holidayed and even disco-danced with saddam's foreign minister.
she also co-presented the bbc's coverage of the solar eclipse of august 1999. at the end of the same year she was also part of the corporation's team covering the turn of the new millennium, and was duped into appearing on the spoof documentary brass eye's notorious 2001 paedophilia special, in which she wore a large pair of gloves, and explained how a paedophile could use them to touch children through a screen, such as a television screen.	she also co-presented the bbc's coverage of the solar eclipse of august 1999. at the end of the same year she was also part of the corporation's team covering the turn of the new millennium, and was duped into appearing on the spoof documentary brass eye's 2001 paedophilia special, in which she wore a large pair of gloves, and explained how a paedophile could use them to touch children through a screen, such as a television screen.
critics point to repeated trips out of state and abroad while arkansas, one of the poorest states in the nation, is rapidly losing jobs and its economic base.	critics point to repeated trips out of state and abroad while arkansas, one of the poorest states in the nation, is losing jobs and its economic base.
this is a partial list of top officials of the communist yugoslavia.	this is a partial list of top officials of the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia.
the silesian uprisings (polish: powstania lskie) were a series of three armed uprisings (19191921) of the polish people in the upper silesia region against weimar republic in order to free the region (where in some parts poles constituted a majority) from germany and join it with the new polish state, which had been established following world war i (19141918).	the silesian uprisings (polish: powstania lskie) were a series of three armed uprisings (19191921) of the polish people in the upper silesia region against weimar republic in order to join the region (where in some parts poles constituted a majority) from germany and join it with the new polish state, which had been established following world war i (19141918).
jean carroll, 98, american comedienne (the ed sullivan show).	jean carroll, 98, american comedian (the ed sullivan show).
"leigh ""lethal"" raymond matthews am (born january 3, 1952) is a former champion australian rules football footballer who played for hawthorn in the victorian football league (now australian football league) from 1969 to 1985. he is considered to be one of the greatest players of all time ."	"leigh ""lethal"" raymond matthews am (born january 3, 1952) is a former australian rules football footballer who played for hawthorn in the victorian football league (now australian football league) from 1969 to 1985. he is considered to be one of the greatest players of all time ."
in 1923 the ee class was renumbered 350 to 379, the e class were renumbered 236 to 245, but unfortunately all were taken off register except for 506, which became unclassed shunter 236. in 1929 the ee class were renumbered 350 to 390 and re-classed e. e359 was the first taken off register in november 1937 but the others remained on register until the 1950s, with six lasting into the early 1960s.	in 1923 the ee class was renumbered 350 to 379, the e class were renumbered 236 to 245, but all were taken off register except for 506, which became unclassed shunter 236. in 1929 the ee class were renumbered 350 to 390 and re-classed e. e359 was the first taken off register in november 1937 but the others remained on register until the 1950s, with six lasting into the early 1960s.
volodymyr yevseviyovych kistion (31 may 1965 in dovzhok, vinnytsia oblast) is a ukrainian biochemist and statesman .	volodymyr yevseviyovych kistion (31 may 1965 in dovzhok, vinnytsia oblast) is a ukrainian biochemist and politician .
a psychic is a person who has the abilities of extra-sensory perception, such as clairvoyance, psychometry and precognition, or other paranormal abilities such as psychokinesis.	a psychic is a person who is purported to have the abilities of extra-sensory perception, such as clairvoyance, psychometry and precognition, or other paranormal abilities such as psychokinesis.
economic sanctions applied to russia as a result of the intervention contribute to the collapse of the ruble and the russian financial crisis that began in 2014	economic sanctions applied to russia as a result of the intervention contribute to the weakening of the ruble and the russian financial crisis that began in 2014
brothers to the rescue sent planes into cuban airspace to assist rafters escaping cuba as well as drop political leaflets over the country.	brothers to the rescue sent planes into cuban airspace to assist rafters emigrating from cuba as well as drop political leaflets over the country.
decadence was aptly used to name the 10th anniversary beer and subsequent line of belgian style beers of valley brewing company in stockton, ca.	decadence was used to name the 10th anniversary beer and subsequent line of belgian style beers of valley brewing company in stockton, ca.
the f-15i is operated by the famous idf/af no 69 hammers squadron, which had previously been operating the f-4 phantom.	the f-15i is operated by the idf/af no 69 hammers squadron, which had previously been operating the f-4 phantom.
willard gordon galen weston, oc, oont (born october 29, 1940) is a canadian businessman, alumnus of the prestigious upper canada college and descendant of george weston of the george weston bakeries limited.	willard gordon galen weston, oc, oont (born october 29, 1940) is a canadian businessman, alumnus of the upper canada college and descendant of george weston of the george weston bakeries limited.
they removed the images and pictures out of the churches, made changes in the liturgic language of the religious services, and stripped the mass of all its incrustations , as far as possible bringing it back to basics.	they removed the images and pictures out of the churches, made changes in the liturgic language of the religious services, and stripped the mass of all its elaborateness , as far as possible bringing it back to basics.
"despite the euphemism ""enhanced interrogation techniques"""	"despite the us of the term ""enhanced interrogation techniques"""
observant jews typically treat chol hamoed as a vacation period, eating nicer than usual meals in their sukkah, entertaining guests, visiting other families in their sukkot, and taking family outings.	religious jews typically treat chol hamoed as a vacation period, eating nicer than usual meals in their sukkah, entertaining guests, visiting other families in their sukkot, and taking family outings.
"russia (along with ukraine) is a unique source for international porn producers, in that it has plenty of beautiful caucasian models with relatively low wages, a situation that allows producing low-budget pornography without possible ""ethnic"" expressions."	"russia (along with ukraine) is a unique source for international porn producers, in that it has plenty of caucasian models with relatively low wages, a situation that allows producing low-budget pornography without possible ""ethnic"" expressions."
current knowledge of ancient egypt indicates that egyptian women were the slaves of men under the law (unlike greco-roman or mesopotamian women during the same period).	current knowledge of ancient egypt indicates that egyptian women were the equals of men under the law (unlike greco-roman or mesopotamian women during the same period).
however, the personal freedom that it provides from the capitalist economy offers some families considerable value.	however, the personal freedom that it provides from the capitalist economy offers some families value.
"desciclopdia's individual secondary projects, named using various clever domain hacks, include desnoticias (notici.as is ""news""), descionrio (with dicionar.io meaning ""dictionary""), deslivros (for books, bibliote.ca means ""library""), and desentrevistas (entre.vist.as meaning ""interviews"")."	"desciclopdia's individual secondary projects, named using various domain hacks, include desnoticias (notici.as is ""news""), descionrio (with dicionar.io meaning ""dictionary""), deslivros (for books, bibliote.ca means ""library""), and desentrevistas (entre.vist.as meaning ""interviews"")."
crowbar ( offensive weapon, building and vehicle entry, etc.)	crowbar (weapon, building and vehicle entry, etc.)
whilst the majority of countries do not make the usage of bitcoin itself illegal (with the notable exceptions of: bangladesh, bolivia & kyrgyzstan), its status as money (or a commodity) varies, with differing regulatory implications.	whilst the majority of countries do not make the usage of bitcoin itself illegal (with the exceptions of: bangladesh, bolivia & kyrgyzstan), its status as money (or a commodity) varies, with differing regulatory implications.
in 2004, langan contributed a chapter to uncommon dissent, a collection of essays that question darwinian evolution, edited by iscid cofounder and leading intelligent design proponent william dembski.	in 2004, langan contributed a chapter to uncommon dissent, a collection of essays that question evolution, edited by iscid cofounder and leading intelligent design proponent william dembski.
since then, he has portrayed a wide range of characters and retains a powerful cult following.	since then, he has portrayed a wide range of characters and retains a cult following.
mathematics is the best academic discipline, and its supporting body of knowledge, that involves the study of such concepts as quantity, structure, space and change.	mathematics is the academic discipline, and its supporting body of knowledge, that involves the study of such concepts as quantity, structure, space and change.
the earliest airplane takeoff and landing sites were grassy fields.	the earliest aircraft takeoff and landing sites were grassy fields.
transgender (, from trans (latin) and gender (english) ) is a general term applied to a variety of individuals, behaviors, and groups involving tendencies that diverge from the natural gender role (woman or man) commonly, but not always, assigned at birth, as well as the role traditionally held by society.	transgender (, from trans (latin) and gender (english) ) is a general term applied to a variety of individuals, behaviors, and groups involving tendencies that diverge from the normative gender role (woman or man) commonly, but not always, assigned at birth, as well as the role traditionally held by society.
beside the town is the lovely kennebecasis river and behind the town is the smaller hammond river.	beside the town is the kennebecasis river and behind the town is the smaller hammond river.
out of india theory (oit) is the argument that the indo-european languages (i-e) originated in india, from which they spread into central and southwestern asia and europe.	out of india theory (oit) is the hypothesis that the indo-european languages (i-e) originated in india, from which they spread into central and southwestern asia and europe.
the big four hit the stage one after another, but unfortunately did not play altogether.	the big four hit the stage one after another, but did not play altogether.
thanks to pressure from the group the development was cancelled and since then there have been many other successes and achievements.	due to pressure from the group the development was cancelled and since then there have been many other successes and achievements.
"religious homophobic protestors at a pride parade in jerusalem, israel with sign that reads, ""homo sex is immoral (lev."	"religious protestors at a pride parade in jerusalem, israel with sign that reads, ""homo sex is immoral (lev."
when he and lewis get separated, murphy is caught and brutally shot by boddicker's gang just before boddicker himself executes the helpless cop.	when he and lewis get separated, murphy is caught and repeatedly shot by boddicker's gang just before boddicker himself executes the helpless cop.
they are heard of in the time of alexander, when some of the great king's biographers make mention of amazon queen thalestris visiting him and becoming a mother by him (the story is known from the alexander romance).	they are heard of in the time of alexander, when some of the king's biographers make mention of amazon queen thalestris visiting him and becoming a mother by him (the story is known from the alexander romance).
the most famous and lauded film from the studio that was not directed by miyazaki is grave of the fireflies, directed by isao takahata, a sad film focusing on the lives of two war orphans towards the end of second world war in japan.	the most famous and lauded film from the studio that was not directed by miyazaki is grave of the fireflies, directed by isao takahata, a film focusing on the lives of two war orphans towards the end of second world war in japan.
israeli tactics have included paralysing palestinians' movements through the setting up of checkpoints and the enforcement of strict curfews in certain areas.	israeli tactics have included curbing palestinians' movements through the setting up of checkpoints and the enforcement of strict curfews in certain areas.
they aim to help people discover the diverse landscape of unique market towns, rich wildlife and fascinating heritage which norfolk is so well known for.	they aim to help people discover the diverse landscape of unique market towns, rich wildlife and cultural heritage which norfolk is so well known for.
soon after the battle of badr, muhammad claimed to have received a revelation from allah raising the status of the mujahideen over the qaideen (arabic plural of 'qaid').	soon after the battle of badr, muhammad believes himself to have received a revelation from allah raising the status of the mujahideen over the qaideen (arabic plural of 'qaid').
speak attack the founder of pro-test	speak criticism of the founder of pro-test
although this leakage from the domestic economy reduces the money supply, it also increases the supply of pounds on the foreign exchange market thus applying downward pressure on the exchange rate.	although this leakage from the domestic economy reduces the money supply, it also increases the supply of money on the foreign exchange market thus applying downward pressure on the exchange rate.
actual immigration patterns under the howard government 1996-2007	immigration patterns under the howard government 1996-2007
historians have protested that this is false history and reverses the actual roles of koreans and japanese in this period of history, the japanese being, in reality, the actual military invaders and brutal, mass-murdering colonial overlords of japan-occupied korea from 1910 until axis japan's world war ii defeat in august of 1945. the young, middle school student reader is given a false, upside-down view and context of occupied, colonized korea and japanese fascism and imperialism.	koreans have protested that this is false history and reverses the actual roles of koreans and japanese in this period of history, the japanese being, in reality, the actual military invaders and brutal, mass-murdering colonial overlords of japan-occupied korea from 1910 until axis japan's world war ii defeat in august of 1945. the young, middle school student reader is given a false, upside-down view and context of occupied, colonized korea and japanese fascism and imperialism.
some of the stones were plundered from the ancient roman ruins at volubilis.	some of the stones were taken from the ancient roman ruins at volubilis.
the event is free from corporate sponsorship and heavily promotes green action and other environmental causes, with stalls at the event on trade justice, climate change, third world development and other leftwing issues.	the event is free from corporate sponsorship and heavily promotes green action and other environmental causes, with stalls at the event on trade justice, climate change, third world development and other social issues.
"qizilbash or kizilbash (nastaliq: ' - qizilb; ottoman turkish for ""red heads"") is a name given to a wide variety of extremist sh (ghult) militant groups who helped found the safavid dynasty of iran."	"qizilbash or kizilbash (nastaliq: ' - qizilb; ottoman turkish for ""red heads"") is a name given to a wide variety of sh (ghult) militant groups who helped found the safavid dynasty of iran."
khmer rouge literature in the 1970s frequently referred to the vietnamese as yuon ( barbarian ), a term dating from the angkorian period.	khmer rouge literature in the 1970s frequently referred to the vietnamese as yuon ( khmer term for vietnamese ), a term dating from the angkorian period.
many talented musicians worked on the programme over the years: they included jonathan cohen, william blezard, peter gosling, alan grahame, paul reade, spike heatley, alan rushton, anne dudley and peter pettinger.	many musicians worked on the programme over the years: they included jonathan cohen, william blezard, peter gosling, alan grahame, paul reade, spike heatley, alan rushton, anne dudley and peter pettinger.
this bass line was however not included in the mcguire sisters plastic cover version, made to sell to white audiences.	this bass line was however not included in the mcguire sisters cover version, made to sell to white audiences.
the german blitzkrieg pulverized both the french army and the french will to fight and resist the invaders.	the german blitzkrieg defeated both the french army and the french will to fight and resist the invaders.
wolf v. vishniac (1922-1973), microbiologist who died tragically during an expedition to antarctica.	wolf v. vishniac (1922-1973), microbiologist who died during an expedition to antarctica.
howard jarvis, the property tax reformer and author of california proposition 13, plays the taxi passenger who is left at the curb with the meter running in the film's opening and closing scene.	howard jarvis, the property tax rebel and author of california proposition 13, plays the taxi passenger who is left at the curb with the meter running in the film's opening and closing scene.
"he is most known for his role in the 1987 stanley kubrick classic full metal jacket, where he played the door gunner who uttered the much-quoted lines ""get some!"""	"he is most known for his role in the 1987 stanley kubrick film full metal jacket, where he played the door gunner who uttered the much-quoted lines ""get some!"""
red herring introduces a mesmerizing loop of a distorted female vocal sample.	red herring introduces a loop of a distorted female vocal sample.
in 2014, von der leyen introduced a 100 million scheme to make the bundeswehr more attractive to new recruits, including by offering crches for soldiers children, limiting postings to match school term dates, and considerable rises in hardship allowances for difficult postings.	in 2014, von der leyen introduced a 100 million plan to make the bundeswehr more attractive to new recruits, including by offering crches for soldiers children, limiting postings to match school term dates, and considerable rises in hardship allowances for difficult postings.
breitbart news has published a number of falsehoods and conspiracy theories, as well as intentionally misleading stories.	breitbart news has been accused of publishing a number of falsehoods and conspiracy theories, as well as intentionally misleading stories.
this indicates that there was some decent effort in part of the games' developer to ensure that the players were informed on the dangers of imitating reckless driving.	this indicates that there was some effort in part of the games' developer to ensure that the players were informed on the dangers of imitating reckless driving.
after the federal agents began firing, 14-year-old samuel weaver was killed by a shot to the back while retreating, and deputy marshal degan was shot and killed by harris.	after the federal agents began firing, samuel weaver was killed by a shot to the back while retreating, and deputy marshal degan was shot and killed by harris.
response: modern capitalistic democracy spread rapidly (although unevenly) in the second half of the twentieth century, and, by all indications, is likely to continue to spread in the coming decades.	response: modern democracy spread rapidly (although unevenly) in the second half of the twentieth century, and, by all indications, is likely to continue to spread in the coming decades.
"during the protests in wisconsin, risser, along with the 13 other democratic state senators, fled the state to deny the state senate a quorum on governor scott walker's controversial ""budget repair"" legislation."	"during the protests in wisconsin, risser, along with the 13 other democratic state senators, fled the state to deny the state senate a quorum on governor scott walker's ""budget repair"" legislation."
the sayyid or shah mir dynasty was an afghan dynasty originally from swat region, in medieval afghanistan, who ruled on kashmir for nearly 222 years from 1339 to 1561. during the rule of this dynasty islam was firmly established in kashmir.	the sayyid or shah mir dynasty was an muslim dynasty originally from swat region, in medieval afghanistan, who ruled on kashmir for nearly 222 years from 1339 to 1561. during the rule of this dynasty islam was firmly established in kashmir.
during the japanese rule , he was elected as the president of the provisional government.	during the japanese occupation of korea (1910-1945) , he was elected as the president of the provisional government.
australian universities, as represented by the australian vice-chancellors' committee (avcc), generally have been in support of universal membership and compulsory fees for student organisations for three broad reasons.	australian universities, as represented by the australian vice-chancellors' committee (avcc), generally have been in support of membership and compulsory fees for student organisations for three broad reasons.
the section of bourbon street from the intersection of st. ann street proceeding several blocks northeast caters to new orleans' thriving gay community, featuring such clubs as new orleans' largest gay nightclub, the bourbon pub, and oz.	the section of bourbon street from the intersection of st. ann street proceeding several blocks northeast caters to new orleans' gay community, featuring such clubs as new orleans' largest gay nightclub, the bourbon pub, and oz.
"utusan malaysia (literally translated from malay to english as the ""malaysian courier"") (formerly known as utusan melayu) is a controversial malay language newspaper in malaysia."	"utusan malaysia (literally translated from malay to english as the ""malaysian courier"") (formerly known as utusan melayu) is a malay language newspaper in malaysia."
in the late 1960s, eighteen u.s. states lacked laws against suicide.	in the late 1960s, eighteen u.s. states had no laws against suicide.
ulysses is primarily focused on bloom and the micro -odyssey he embarks upon throughout dublin over the course of the single day of june 16, 1904 (though episodes 1 to 3, as well as 9 and to a lesser extent 7, are more concerned with stephen dedalus), the various types of people and themes he encounters.	ulysses is primarily focused on bloom and the contemporary -odyssey he embarks upon throughout dublin over the course of the single day of june 16, 1904 (though episodes 1 to 3, as well as 9 and to a lesser extent 7, are more concerned with stephen dedalus), the various types of people and themes he encounters.
in september 2015 he published the book desmuntant societat civil catalana (saldonar, 2015) where he reveals the origins of and demonstrate the links of the unionist group societat civil catalana with the extreme right through various research reports.	in september 2015 he published the book desmuntant societat civil catalana (saldonar, 2015) where he reveals the origins of and demonstrate the links of the group societat civil catalana with the extreme right through various research reports.
a very small number of citizens from the republic still enlist in the british army, although it is banned from actively recruiting under the defence act 1954.	a small number of citizens from the republic still enlist in the british army, although it is banned from actively recruiting under the defence act 1954.
renowned psychologist b. f. skinner's theories of behavior were highly influential on many early instructional theorists because their hypotheses can be tested fairly easily with the scientific process.	psychologist b. f. skinner's theories of behavior were highly influential on many early instructional theorists because their hypotheses can be tested fairly easily with the scientific process.
but unfortunately , the bjp could not prove its majority in parliament and lost a no-confidence vote.	but, the bjp could not prove its majority in parliament and lost a no-confidence vote.
the eula has became so predominate that most take the eula contract for granted, and typically do not read them, and clicking it as a necessary evil to use any commercially available softwares .	the eula has became so predominate that most take the eula contract for granted, and typically do not read them, and clicking it as a necessary evil to use any commercially available software .
new york university (nyu) is a top private, nonsectarian, research university in new york city.	new york university (nyu) is a private, nonsectarian, research university in new york city.
on october 26, 2002, russian special forces used an anaesthetic gas to disable the theatre's occupants, and inadvertently causing the deaths of many civilians through adverse reactions to the gas.	on october 26, 2002, russian special forces used an anaesthetic gas to disable the theatre's occupants, and causing the deaths of many civilians through adverse reactions to the gas.
arc 4: bount ( filler )	arc 4: bount ( not manga-based )
she has pioneered academic studies on pornography.	she has carried out academic studies on pornography.
eventually, the project culminated in the end of evangelion, a three-act film that served as a proper finale to neon genesis evangelion.	eventually, the project culminated in the end of evangelion, a three-act film that served as a finale to neon genesis evangelion.
"wiesel had been deliberately chosen as a character by margolin because she felt that he was ""synonymous with decency, morality, the struggle for human dignity and kindness""."	"wiesel had been chosen as a character by margolin because she felt that he was ""synonymous with decency, morality, the struggle for human dignity and kindness""."
ji lika (born 12 may 1949 in havlkv brod) is a czech statesman and veterinarian.	ji lika (born 12 may 1949 in havlkv brod) is a czech politician and veterinarian.
"launched on october 7 1996 to 17 million cable subscribers, the nascent conservative network quickly rose to prominence in the late 1990s as it started taking market share away from competitor cnn; fox claims the channel is now the ""most watched cable news channel"" in the united states according to nielsen ratings."	"launched on october 7 1996 to 17 million cable subscribers, the nascent network quickly rose to prominence in the late 1990s as it started taking market share away from competitor cnn; fox claims the channel is now the ""most watched cable news channel"" in the united states according to nielsen ratings."
on christmas day, 25 december 1989, in a small room the ceauescus were tried before a kangaroo court convened on orders of the national salvation front, romania's provisional government.	on christmas day, 25 december 1989, in a small room the ceauescus were tried before a court convened on orders of the national salvation front, romania's provisional government.
in the fourth season, he allies with apocalypse but turns on him after discovering his true agenda and aids the x-men defeat him.	in the fourth season, he allies with apocalypse but turns on him after discovering his true agenda and aids the x-men in defeating him.
this celebrated result, in quantum electrodynamics, was inspired by a brilliant conjecture of dyson and was disclosed in a one-half page letter typical of ward's succinct style.	this celebrated result, in quantum electrodynamics, was inspired by a conjecture of dyson and was disclosed in a one-half page letter typical of ward's succinct style.
many campers gladly accept the increased carrying weight of a bivy shelter for the claimed increase in comfort it affords.	many campers gladly accept the increased carrying weight of a bivy shelter for the percieved increase in comfort it affords.
operation khukri was a daring rescue mission conducted by the 18th grenadiers in sierra leone,june 2000. the kukri (devangar: ) (also sometimes spelled khukri or khukuri) is a curved nepali gurkha knife which can be used as a tool as well as a close combat mle weapon.	operation khukri was a rescue mission conducted by the 18th grenadiers in sierra leone,june 2000. the kukri (devangar: ) (also sometimes spelled khukri or khukuri) is a curved nepali gurkha knife which can be used as a tool as well as a close combat mle weapon.
abu hamza al-masri (born 15 april 1958) is a muslim hook-handed cleric in the united kingdom, convicted on 7 february 2006 for racial hatred and incitement to murder offences.	abu hamza al-masri (born 15 april 1958) is a muslim cleric in the united kingdom, convicted on 7 february 2006 for racial hatred and incitement to murder offences.
paul's foreign policy is one of extreme nonintervention, which avoids war of aggression and entangling alliances with other nations.	paul's foreign policy is one of consistent nonintervention, which avoids war of aggression and entangling alliances with other nations.
in the last generation of the roman republic (1974), erich s. gruen offered an effective opposing point of view, arguing that the traditional view of the republic's decay is not actually supported by the objective evidence.	in the last generation of the roman republic (1974), erich s. gruen offered an opposing point of view, arguing that the traditional view of the republic's decay is not actually supported by the objective evidence.
"in september of 2015, a group of trinity college students created a satirical club entitled ""episkopositive,"" to bring attention to the negative attitudes of episkopon and to offer a positive atmosphere for students who were not comfortable with attending episkopon readings."	"in september of 2015, a group of trinity college students created a satirical club entitled ""episkopositive,"" to bring attention to perceived negative attitudes of episkopon and to offer a positive atmosphere for students who were not comfortable with attending episkopon readings."
javier pedro saviola (born december 11, 1981 in buenos aires, argentina) is an argentine football player, who currently plays as a striker for spanish giant fc barcelona and argentina national team.	javier pedro saviola (born december 11, 1981 in buenos aires, argentina) is an argentine football player, who currently plays as a striker for spanish team fc barcelona and argentina national team.
pope john paul ii openly admitted these travesties , and apologized for them in may 1995. the church has also been accused of hostility to democracy, freedom of religion, and freedom of speech.	pope john paul ii openly admitted these wrongs , and apologized for them in may 1995. the church has also been accused of hostility to democracy, freedom of religion, and freedom of speech.
both arthur and steven bixby had spent time in jail; back in new hampshire, arthur had served a month in 1981 for contempt of court, while in 1998, before his divorce, steven was booked in abbeville for wifebeating .	both arthur and steven bixby had spent time in jail; back in new hampshire, arthur had served a month in 1981 for contempt of court, while in 1998, before his divorce, steven was booked in abbeville for domestic violence.
examples of popular modern operating systems include android, bsd, ios, gnu/ linux, mac os x, microsoft windows, windows phone, and ibm z/os.	examples of popular modern operating systems include android, bsd, ios, linux, mac os x, microsoft windows, windows phone, and ibm z/os.
story at least one media outlet published a correction.	at least one media outlet published a correction.
the innu people are frequently miscategorized into two groups, the montagnais who live along the north shore of the gulf of saint lawrence, in quebec, and the less numerous naskapi who live farther north.	the innu people are frequently categorized into two groups, the montagnais who live along the north shore of the gulf of saint lawrence, in quebec, and the less numerous naskapi who live farther north.
a 1996 revival of salad days, starring the duo kit and the widow, was not successful, but jean fergusson's show she knows you know!, in which she portrayed the lancashire comedienne hylda baker, played at the theatre in 1997 and was nominated for a 1998 laurence olivier award for best entertainment.	a 1996 revival of salad days, starring the duo kit and the widow, was not successful, but jean fergusson's show she knows you know!, in which she portrayed the lancashire comedian hylda baker, played at the theatre in 1997 and was nominated for a 1998 laurence olivier award for best entertainment.
these dialects are all mutually intelligible.	these dialects are , for the most part, mutually intelligible.
unfortunately they narrowly lost out in this play-off, drawing 0-0 in the first leg (away), and then losing 1-0, to an 87th minute winner in the second leg (home), and this meant relegation to the ifa championship 1.	they narrowly lost out in this play-off, drawing 0-0 in the first leg (away), and then losing 1-0, to an 87th minute winner in the second leg (home), and this meant relegation to the ifa championship 1.
noirmoutier is frequently referred to as the island of mimosas, due to the temperateness of its climate, which allows for the flowering of acacia debealta (mimosa) year-round.	noirmoutier is referred to as the island of mimosas, due to the temperateness of its climate, which allows for the flowering of acacia debealta (mimosa) year-round.
vellacott supports young earth creationism and intelligent design, anti-science versions of the origins of life and its diversity.	vellacott supports young earth creationism and intelligent design, nonscientific versions of the origins of life and its diversity.
a critical view of the avatar cult	a critical view of the avatar system
a , also incorrectly known as it sub-category: , is a traditional japanese sword.	a , also known as it sub-category: , is a traditional japanese sword.
they published a three-issue mini-series which were based on the first three episodes of the series, and a regular comic series, which only lasted three issues.	they published a three-issue mini-series which were based on the first three episodes of the series, and a regular comic series, which lasted three issues.
the change in human activity over the years hasn't dimmed or substantially altered the natural beauty of this allegheny mountain area of the larger appalachian highlands.	the change in human activity over the years hasn't dimmed or substantially altered the natural environment of this allegheny mountain area of the larger appalachian highlands.
"he died on 21 november 2018, ""after a long and serious illness"", according to sources in the russian defence ministry cited by state-run agencies."	"he died on 21 november 2018, ""after a long and serious illness"", according to sources in the russian defence ministry cited by official news agencies."
born: totie fields, comedienne , in hartford, connecticut (d. 1978)	born: totie fields, comedian , in hartford, connecticut (d. 1978)
farber had been nominated for attorney general before by disgraced former governor james e. mcgreevey, but mcgreevey withdrew the nomination after learning that farber had bench warrants issued for her arrest due to numerous motor vehicle infractions.	farber had been nominated for attorney general before by former governor james e. mcgreevey, but mcgreevey withdrew the nomination after learning that farber had bench warrants issued for her arrest due to numerous motor vehicle infractions.
"it is regarded as politically incorrect, and arguably grammatically incorrect, to use ""alumnus"" and ""alumni"" to refer to women, but some people still stubbornly use those terms that way."	"it is regarded as politically incorrect, and arguably grammatically incorrect, to use ""alumnus"" and ""alumni"" to refer to women, but some people still use those terms that way."
"while praising panarin for announcing his own predictions back in 1998 and saying that his views now attract ""much more interest and respect"", a stockhouse.com author criticises him for basing his predictions on the officially listed u.s. foreign debt, and not their total debt which christopher martenson detailed ($48 trillion in 2008, increased by $16 trillion in 5 years)."	"while praising panarin for announcing his own predictions back in 1998 and saying that his views now attract ""much more interest and respect"", a stockhouse.com author criticises him for basing his predictions on the officially listed u.s. foreign debt, and not their total debt which chris martenson detailed ($48 trillion in 2008, increased by $16 trillion in 5 years)."
"the new team was widely expected to take the long island ducks name used by an eastern hockey league franchise; the unimaginative ""islanders"" name came as something of a surprise."	"the new team was widely expected to take the long island ducks name used by an eastern hockey league franchise; the ""islanders"" name came as something of a surprise."
the thrilling fight went the distance, with thompson's strength and durability eventually telling in the later rounds.	the fight went the distance, with thompson's strength and durability eventually telling in the later rounds.
professor smeed noted that drivers constantly balance risks as they drive, leading road authorities to attempt to mitigate the worse consequences of mishaps through road design.	professor smeed observed that drivers constantly balance risks as they drive, leading road authorities to attempt to mitigate the worse consequences of mishaps through road design.
they investigate the effectiveness of chemical castration and other punishments common today, and eventually advocate harsher sentences for rapists than are currently employed, and, more controversially, educational programs explaining the evolutionary causes of rape to young men so that they can better suppress these instincts.	they investigate the effectiveness of chemical castration and other punishments common today, and advocate harsher sentences for rapists than are currently employed, and, more controversially, educational programs explaining the evolutionary causes of rape to young men so that they can better suppress these instincts.
all ceylon tamil congress's flagsri lankan tamil nationalism is the conviction of the sri lankan tamil people, a minority ethnic group in the south asian island nation of sri lanka (formerly known as ceylon), that they have the right to constitute an independent or autonomous political community.	all ceylon tamil congress's flagsri lankan tamil nationalism is the conviction of the sri lankan tamil people, a minority ethnic group in the south asian island state of sri lanka (formerly known as ceylon), that they have the right to constitute an independent or autonomous political community.
"contributing artists and writers worked on the strip over the years, including stephen slesinger who scripted and approved all of the stories until his passing in 1953; jim gary, edmund good, john wade (""johnnie"") hampton, robert macleod and bill lignanti (of the palm restaurant fame)."	"contributing artists and writers worked on the strip over the years, including stephen slesinger who scripted and approved all of the stories until his death in 1953; jim gary, edmund good, john wade (""johnnie"") hampton, robert macleod and bill lignanti (of the palm restaurant fame)."
norris was an aging fighter by the time he came back in 2000, outscored by andrew golota, and in 2001 making little effort and collapsing in sixty seconds versus vitali klitschko in germany, and losing a 12 round decision to brian nielsen in denmark for the meaningless ibo title.	norris was an aging fighter by the time he came back in 2000, outscored by andrew golota, and in 2001 making little effort and collapsing in sixty seconds versus vitali klitschko in germany, and losing a 12 round decision to brian nielsen in denmark for the ibo title.
within the spectrum of partner dances, wcs is one of the most improvisational.	within the spectrum of partner dances, wcs has been noted as one of the most improvisational.
mr. fu, radio jock, comedienne and host	mr. fu, radio jock, comedian and host
in the first quarter of 2008, the number of foreclosures repossessed by banks actually exceeded the number of home sales.	in the first quarter of 2008, the number of foreclosures repossessed by banks exceeded the number of home sales.
his seemingly close ties to george w. bush, support of us involvement in iraq and his support for capital punishment have led to the questionable criticism that lieberman is more republican than democrat.	his seemingly close ties to george w. bush, support of us involvement in iraq and his support for capital punishment have led to the criticism that lieberman is more republican than democrat.
davis began as a student in ellis marsalis's prestigious new orleans center for creative arts.	davis began as a student in ellis marsalis's new orleans center for creative arts.
the band is widely considered to be the pioneer of the riot grrrl movement, and was notorious for its radical feminist lyrics and fiery performances.	the band is widely considered to be the pioneer of the riot grrrl movement, and was known for its radical feminist lyrics and fiery performances.
tombstone unfortunately went bust and couldn't afford to buy the recordings from the studio and all tracks were wiped.	tombstone went bust and couldn't afford to buy the recordings from the studio and all tracks were wiped.
this was to prove highly influential, establishing the idea that the church of ireland was the true successor of the early celtic church  a belief that persists in some protestant circles to the present day.	this was to prove highly influential, establishing the idea that the church of ireland was the true successor of the early celtic church  a view that persists in some protestant circles to the present day.
he is not related to prominent whitby conservative ryan o'connor.	he is not related to whitby conservative ryan o'connor.
dr. web is a leading russian anti-malware company, and the name of its flagship software suite.	dr. web is a russian anti-malware company, and the name of its flagship software suite.
"one of her best recordings is ""mozart: the piano sonatas""."	"one of her acclaimed recordings is ""mozart: the piano sonatas""."
he maintains a popular weblog and has been involved in several public controversies for his support of arab and muslim causes, and his criticism of u.s. and israeli government policies.	he maintains a weblog and has been involved in several public controversies for his support of arab and muslim causes, and his criticism of u.s. and israeli government policies.
march 19 – moms mabley, african american comedienne (died 1975)	march 19 – moms mabley, african american comedian (died 1975)
established in partnership with the north west company and first air in 2009, the canada goose resource centres provide local seamstresses with free fabrics, buttons, zippers, and other supplies to support the traditional practice in northern canada of making jackets and clothing for members of the community.	established in partnership with the north west company and first air in 2009, the canada goose resource centres provide local sewers with free fabrics, buttons, zippers, and other supplies to support the traditional practice in northern canada of making jackets and clothing for members of the community.
they are open daily for a substantial fee.	they are open daily for a fee.
the public backlash against the campaign likely contributed to bush's victory in clark county.	the public backlash against the campaign possibly contributed to bush's victory in clark county.
it is also known for being the claimed birthplace of united states president barack obama.	it is also known for being the birthplace of united states president barack obama.
katherine paterson (born october 31, 1932) is an award-winning american author of books for children.	katherine paterson (born october 31, 1932) is an american author of books for children.
exotic dancer forums: another exotic dancer online community, more focused on the professional and business side of the industry.	exotic dancer forums: another exotic dancer online community, focused on the professional and business side of the industry.
it was attended by 12 anglican bishops, and 12 representative ministers of the puritan and presbyterian sects .	it was attended by 12 anglican bishops, and 12 representative ministers of the puritan and presbyterian factions .
the battle of agincourt was a great english victory against a larger french army in the hundred years' war.	the battle of agincourt was a major english victory against a larger french army in the hundred years' war.
the irl's early seasons consisted of sparse schedules, mostly unknown drivers, outdated backup cars and novice-level teams, even in the indy 500. eventually the schedule expanded, and caliber of drivers improved marginally .	the irl's early seasons consisted of sparse schedules, mostly unknown drivers, outdated backup cars and novice-level teams, even in the indy 500. eventually the schedule expanded, and caliber of drivers improved.
weber subsequently came under fire for poor recruiting.	weber subsequently came under fire for his recruiting.
"morgellons or ""morgellons disease"" is a controversial labeling of a medical syndrome , primarily characterized by skin lesions, formication (a sensation resembling that of insects crawling on or under the skin), reporting that fibers and granules are coming out of the skin, fatigue, cognitive dysfunction, emotional effects, and several secondary symptoms."	"morgellons or ""morgellons disease"" is a controversial labeling of a medical illness , primarily characterized by skin lesions, formication (a sensation resembling that of insects crawling on or under the skin), reporting that fibers and granules are coming out of the skin, fatigue, cognitive dysfunction, emotional effects, and several secondary symptoms."
however, the focal point of the album is shook ones pt ii: a timeless street anthem that has since become mobb deep's signature song.	however, the focal point of the album is shook ones pt ii: a street anthem that has since become mobb deep's signature song.
the date is seen as controversial for some australians, particularly indigenous australians, who see commemorating the arrival of the first fleet as celebrating the destruction of the native aboriginal culture by british colonists.	the date is seen as controversial for many australians, particularly indigenous australians, who see commemorating the arrival of the first fleet as celebrating the destruction of the native aboriginal culture by british colonists.
the airport serves as the homebase for copa airlines and is a regional hub to and from the caribbean, south, north and central america and additionally features routes to some major european cities.	the airport serves as the homebase for copa airlines and is a regional hub to and from the caribbean, south, north and central america and additionally features routes to some european cities.
the group is based in montreal, quebec, canada and gained a wide profile after instigating a protest in concordia university, that forced the israeli ex-prime minister benjamin netanyahu to cancel a speech that was to take place on 9 september 2002. in 2009, the organization publicly threatened civil disobedience and unrest in response to the canada border services agency barring outspoken british mp george galloway from entry into canada.	the group is based in montreal, quebec, canada and gained a wide profile after instigating a protest in concordia university, that forced the israeli ex-prime minister benjamin netanyahu to cancel a speech that was to take place on 9 september 2002. in 2009, the organization publicly threatened civil disobedience and unrest in response to the canada border services agency barring british mp george galloway from entry into canada.
as a child, willie grew up around hunting and the great outdoors, as well as a small business run by his father, duck commander.	as a child, willie grew up around hunting and the outdoors, as well as a small business run by his father, duck commander.
all that remains of the magnificent original house of holdenby are old drawings and plans, one room which was later incorporated into a new restoration in the 1870s, part of the pillared doorway and 2 arches with the date 1583 inscribed upon them, which now stand alone in the gardens .	all that remains of the original house of holdenby are old drawings and plans, one room which was later incorporated into a new restoration in the 1870s, part of the pillared doorway and 2 arches with the date 1583 inscribed upon them, which now stand alone in the gardens .
"often called ""the gables,"" coral gables is a upscale city in miami-dade county, florida, southwest of miami, in the united states."	"often called ""the gables,"" coral gables is a city in miami-dade county, florida, southwest of miami, in the united states."
402, abolishing inheritance and gift taxes and limiting state death taxes to the federal estate tax credit allowed (a)	402, abolishing inheritance and gift taxes and limiting state estate taxes to the federal estate tax credit allowed (a)
in mathematics, the laplace transform is a powerful technique for analyzing linear time-invariant systems such as electrical circuits, harmonic oscillators, optical devices, and mechanical systems, to name just a few.	in mathematics, the laplace transform is a technique for analyzing linear time-invariant systems such as electrical circuits, harmonic oscillators, optical devices, and mechanical systems, to name just a few.
kinison was infamous for his extremely vitriolic humor.	kinison was known for his extremely vitriolic humor.
thanks for your contribution, but we are trying to write an encyclopedia here, so please keep your edits factual and npov .	thanks for your contribution, but we are trying to write an encyclopedia here, so please keep your edits factual and neutral .
on the second day of the offensive, soviet forces broke through the finnish lines and, in the following days, made advances that appeared to threaten the survival of finland, liberating petrozavodsk on 28 june 1944. the retreating finns delivered two weeks supply of food to the locals.	on the second day of the offensive, soviet forces broke through the finnish lines and, in the following days, made advances that appeared to threaten the survival of finland, retaking petrozavodsk on 28 june 1944. the retreating finns delivered two weeks supply of food to the locals.
the john birch society is a radical right-wing, americentric political advocacy group that supports anti-communism, limited government, and personal freedom.	the john birch society is a far right-wing, americentric political advocacy group that supports anti-communism, limited government, and personal freedom.
originally residing in cramped pennsylvania hall and allen hall, ground was broken on a new school of medicine building on june 28, 1954 and it opened in 1956. construction of the building, designed by the architectural firm schmidt, garden and erickson, was interrupted by a fire in june, 1955 that destroyed girders and concrete work.	originally residing in pennsylvania hall and allen hall, ground was broken on a new school of medicine building on june 28, 1954 and it opened in 1956. construction of the building, designed by the architectural firm schmidt, garden and erickson, was interrupted by a fire in june, 1955 that destroyed girders and concrete work.
"he changed his position on wmds by saying they were not enough to go to war with saddam .kerry's post-attack view on iraq this has harmed kerry's campaign in the eyes of some because they believe it has made him seem like a ""flip-flopper"", changing his position to better suit what is popular."	"he changed his position on wmds by saying they were not enough to go to war with iraq .kerry's post-attack view on iraq this has harmed kerry's campaign in the eyes of some because they believe it has made him seem like a ""flip-flopper"", changing his position to better suit what is popular."
is a 1981 horror film set in the fictional midwest town of haddonfield, illinois, on halloween night, 1978. it is the sequel to the classic influential film, halloween (1978).	is a 1981 horror film set in the fictional midwest town of haddonfield, illinois, on halloween night, 1978. it is the sequel to the influential film, halloween (1978).
additional issues involved in the case are whether a man should have responsibility placed on him when his decisions were based on misleading information provided by someone else about her ability/intentions to have a child, and whether states pursue men too aggressively for child support payments due to the financial incentives they have to avoid having to provide public assistance.	additional issues involved in the case are whether a man should have responsibility placed on him when his decisions were based on inaccurate information provided by someone else about her ability/intentions to have a child, and whether states pursue men too aggressively for child support payments due to the financial incentives they have to avoid having to provide public assistance.
maxwell maltz (march 10, 1899 april 7, 1975 ) was an american cosmetic surgeon and author who developed psycho-cybernetics, a system of ideas through which, he claimed, one could improve his/her self-image and, in turn, lead a more successful and fulfilling life.	maxwell maltz (march 10, 1899 april 7, 1975 ) was an american cosmetic surgeon and author who developed psycho-cybernetics, a system of ideas through which, he claimed, one could improve one's self-image and, in turn, lead a more successful and fulfilling life.
ben collins' autobiography furore	ben collins' autobiography
since the ride's demise, the unethical disney company has largely disowned the wind in the willows characters.	since the ride's demise, the disney company has largely disowned the wind in the willows characters.
internationally, he is best known for having directed the 1968 film version of shakespeare's romeo and juliet for which he was nominated to receive an academy award.	internationally, he is known for having directed the 1968 film version of shakespeare's romeo and juliet for which he was nominated to receive an academy award.
he fled communist china, during the kazakh exodus from xinjiang, and later wrote about the migration, and about kazakh culture.	he fled china, during the kazakh exodus from xinjiang, and later wrote about the migration, and about kazakh culture.
"george ouzounian, better known by his screen name maddox, is an american writer, humorist, satirist and magazine columnist of armenian decent, who rose to a low level of prominence through the mild success of his pseudo-satirical ""rant"" website named the best page in the universe."	"george ouzounian, better known by his screen name maddox, is an american writer, humorist, satirist and magazine columnist of armenian decent, who rose to a low level of prominence through the success of his pseudo-satirical ""rant"" website named the best page in the universe."
peg pete (voiced by april winchell) is pete's beautiful wife and the mother of both pj and pistol.	peg pete (voiced by april winchell) is pete's wife and the mother of both pj and pistol.
the new archies is a children's television cartoon, based upon the long-running archie comic books and characters.	the new archies is a children's television cartoon, based upon the archie comic books and characters.
although the cabinet voted to reaffirm that south african aids policy is based on the evidence that hiv causes aids, president thabo mbeki has continued to obliquely suggest support for the denialist position, as has his minister of health, manto tshabalala-msimang.	although the cabinet voted to reaffirm that south african aids policy is based on the evidence that hiv causes aids, president thabo mbeki has continued to obliquely suggest support for the aids reappraisal position, as has his minister of health, manto tshabalala-msimang.
"in 2006, gray predicted a cooling trend by 2009-2010. in 2008, gray issued another prediction that ""in 10 years, i expect the globe to be somewhat cooler than it is now, because this ocean effect will dominate over the human-induced co2 effect and i believe the solar effect and the land-use effect."	"in 2006, gray predicted a cooling trend by 2009-2010. in 2008, gray issued a prediction that ""in 10 years, i expect the globe to be somewhat cooler than it is now, because this ocean effect will dominate over the human-induced co2 effect and i believe the solar effect and the land-use effect."
the mathematicians heinz-otto peitgen and peter richter became well-known for promoting the set with stunning photographs, books, and an internationally touring exhibit of the german goethe-institut.	the mathematicians heinz-otto peitgen and peter richter became well-known for promoting the set with photographs, books, and an internationally touring exhibit of the german goethe-institut.
dr. charles delucena meigs (february 19, 1792 june 22, 1869) was an influential american obstetrician of the nineteenth century who is remembered for his opposition to obstetrical anesthesia and to the idea that physicians' hands could transmit disease to their patients.	dr. charles delucena meigs (february 19, 1792 june 22, 1869) was an american obstetrician of the nineteenth century who is remembered for his opposition to obstetrical anesthesia and to the idea that physicians' hands could transmit disease to their patients.
the new american bible of 1991 has been attacked by more reactionary catholics for a number of reasons.	the new american bible of 1991 has been attacked by more conservative catholics for a number of reasons.
as a pillar of ascap, he has achieved accolades for his work and continued support in the music community.	as a member of ascap, he has achieved accolades for his work and continued support in the music community.
boston celtics head coach red auerbach arguing with referee mendy rudolph during a 1958 nba game.	boston celtics head coach red auerbach talking with referee mendy rudolph during a 1958 nba game.
grand armee (born 31 august 1998) was a brilliant middle distance australian thoroughbred racehorse.	grand armee (born 31 august 1998) was a middle distance australian thoroughbred racehorse.
he has released a failed comedy album titled you don't look like you sound and fronted a bluegrass band called lock 'n' load.	he has released a comedy album titled you don't look like you sound and fronted a bluegrass band called lock 'n' load.
"ahmad h. sa'di, a lecturer in the department of politics and government at the ben-gurion university of the negev in israel explains that ""the racist language of the report and its draconian suggestions caused wide-ranging indignation by palestinians."	"ahmad h. sa'di, a lecturer in the department of politics and government at the ben-gurion university of the negev in israel claims that ""the racist language of the report and its draconian suggestions caused wide-ranging indignation by palestinians."
his spectacular goal against then-champions arsenal was a last-minute winner.	his goal against then-champions arsenal was a last-minute winner.
"jesse , isai or yishai (, meaning ""god exists"" or ""god's gift""; yassa; eshai; iessai; ) was the father of david, who became the king of the israelites."	"jesse , isai or yishai (, meaning ""god exists"" or ""god's gift""; yassa; eshai; iessai; ) is a figure described in the bible as the father of david, who became the king of the israelites."
thumbnail|some of the many abandoned houses in east new york.	thumbnail|some of the abandoned houses in east new york.
some scholars, particularly immanuel wallerstein, have shown that cycles of global war are tied to capitalist long waves, with major, highly-destructive wars tending to begin just prior to an output upswing.	some scholars, particularly immanuel wallerstein, have argued that cycles of global war are tied to capitalist long waves, with major, highly-destructive wars tending to begin just prior to an output upswing.
he is also host of an infomercial hawking a health book - the world's greatest treasury of health secrets.	he is also host of an infomercial selling a health book - the world's greatest treasury of health secrets.
the populations and percentage of total population in the four nations of the united kingdom.	the populations and percentage of total population in the four main entities of the united kingdom.
this sound is very common in british place names because it occurs in the word llan, a church, and welsh placenames are therefore very often sadly mispronounced by english speakers, especially those from outside the british isles.	this sound is very common in british place names because it occurs in the word llan, a church, and welsh placenames are therefore very often mispronounced by english speakers, especially those from outside the british isles.
example of a small temperature data logger	example of a temperature data logger
"the church of conscious living is a fake church established by ""anti-vaccine zealots"" founded by stephanie messenger and promoted by the australian vaccination network in order to exploit religious exemptions in australian ""no jab, no play"" policies for publicly-supported childcare and play schemes."	"the church of conscious living is a church established by ""anti-vaccine zealots"" founded by stephanie messenger and promoted by the australian vaccination network in order to exploit religious exemptions in australian ""no jab, no play"" policies for publicly-supported childcare and play schemes."
it also debunks a much-quoted theory of john maynard keynes, who propagated the idea that the conditions imposed on germany in the treaty of versailles led to the rise of adolf hitler.	it also attempts to debunk a much-quoted theory of john maynard keynes, who propagated the idea that the conditions imposed on germany in the treaty of versailles led to the rise of adolf hitler.
"referring to his own impending deportation from the u.s., berkman callously replied that frick had been ""deported by god."	"referring to his own impending deportation from the u.s., berkman replied that frick had been ""deported by god."
john owned a magnificent collection of pipe and fiddle tunes, including early manuscripts of tunes by james hill, and autograph manuscripts by robert whinham.	john owned a notable collection of pipe and fiddle tunes, including early manuscripts of tunes by james hill, and autograph manuscripts by robert whinham.
"in some instances, astral projectors have purportedly described details of the outside world whilst in projection that were reportedly unknown beforehand, describing the experience as ""remote viewing""."	"in some instances, astral projectors have described details of the outside world whilst in projection that were reportedly unknown beforehand, describing the experience as ""remote viewing""."
the famous 18th green at pebble beach golf links	the 18th green at pebble beach golf links
vctor polay campos (born april 6, 1951) is one of the founders of the tpac amaru revolutionary movement, a peruvian terrorist organization that fought in the internal conflict in peru.	vctor polay campos (born april 6, 1951) is one of the founders of the tpac amaru revolutionary movement, a peruvian insurgent organization that fought in the internal conflict in peru.
in the end, kordi, like many of the herzeg-bosnia leadership and military commanders, was wrongfully accused of war crimes committed on the bosniak population.	in the end, kordi, like many of the herzeg-bosnia leadership and military commanders, was accused of war crimes committed on the bosniak population.
- another nice explanation of the basic algorithm	- another explanation of the basic algorithm
only about 6.6% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.	about 6.6% of families and 8.9% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.4% of those under age 18 and 6.3% of those age 65 or over.
his seemingly close ties to george w. bush, support of us involvement in iraq and his support for capital punishment have led to the criticism that lieberman is more republican than democrat.	his seemingly close ties to george w. bush, support of us involvement in iraq and his support for capital punishment have led to the claim that lieberman is more republican than democrat.
rita jenrette, born rita carpenter, november 25, 1949 in san antonio, texas is an american tell-all celebrity, actor, television journalist, and real estate executive.	rita jenrette, born rita carpenter, november 25, 1949 in san antonio, texas is an american celebrity, actor, television journalist, and real estate executive.
"the title of the documentary ""shut up and sing"" was taken from ""not ready to make nice,"" which in turn took the phrase from right-wing radio host laura ingaham's book, ""shut up and sing,"" which criticized the entertainment industry as liberal."	"the title of the documentary ""shut up and sing"" was taken from ""not ready to make nice,"" which in turn took the phrase from conservative radio host laura ingaham's book, ""shut up and sing,"" which criticized the entertainment industry as liberal."
"the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america published a detailed refutation of the paper, saying that it was ""riddled with errors of fact, logic and omission, has inaccurate citations, displays extremely poor judgement regarding sources, and, contrary to basic scholarly standards, ignores previous serious work on the subject""."	"the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america published a detailed critique of the paper, saying that it was ""riddled with errors of fact, logic and omission, has inaccurate citations, displays extremely poor judgement regarding sources, and, contrary to basic scholarly standards, ignores previous serious work on the subject""."
charles foster johnson (born april 13, 1953) is a greater los angeles, california-based web designer who runs the popular anti-islamist weblog little green footballs.	charles foster johnson (born april 13, 1953) is a greater los angeles, california-based web designer who runs the popular weblog little green footballs.
these panics are generally fuelled by exploitative media coverage of social issues, although semi-spontaneous moral panics do occur.	these panics are generally fuelled by media coverage of social issues, although semi-spontaneous moral panics do occur.
"board member case ootes argued that it amounted to political interference, and claimed there was ""some contradiction"" between the request and miller's refusal to engage in public debate over fantino's removal."	"board member case ootes argued that it amounted to political interference, and argued there was ""some contradiction"" between the request and miller's refusal to engage in public debate over fantino's removal."
a partisan documentary about the demise of the ev1 and other electric vehicles entitled who killed the electric car?	a documentary about the demise of the ev1 and other electric vehicles entitled who killed the electric car?
nick nemeth wrestled for the prestigious roman catholic st. edward high school in lakewood, ohio where he holds the school record for most pins in a career (82).	nick nemeth wrestled for the roman catholic st. edward high school in lakewood, ohio where he holds the school record for most pins in a career (82).
the only spam they want you to get is their delicious meat product.	the only spam they want you to get is their meat product.
australia has a long sporting history dating back to the mid 1800s.	australia has a sporting history dating back to the mid 1800s.
in germany she met comedienne astrid gloria.	in germany she met comedian astrid gloria.
the house was ransacked and recording materials were taken.	the house was searched and recording materials were taken.
but he criticized jrgen habermas, the main opponent of nolte, of presenting simplistic views: on the one hand liberals who learned form history of german history, on the other hand a group of dubious historians promoted by conservatives.	but he criticized jrgen habermas, the main opponent of nolte, of presenting simplistic views: on the one hand liberals who learned form history of german history, on the other hand a group of historians promoted by conservatives.
the design also allows for the force of the punch to be distributed along the attacker's palm across a greater area so his fingers are not damaged.	the design also allows for the force of the punch to be distributed along the attacker's palm across a greater area so that their fingers are not damaged.
several cutting-edge environmental demonstration projects are located in east hollywood, including eco-home, los angeles eco-village, and the bicycle kitchen.	several environmental demonstration projects are located in east hollywood, including eco-home, los angeles eco-village, and the bicycle kitchen.
john doyle klier (13 december 1944 23 september 2007) was a pioneering historian of russian jewry and a pivotal figure in academic jewish studies and east european history in the uk and beyond.	john doyle klier (13 december 1944 23 september 2007) was a british historian of russian jewry and a pivotal figure in academic jewish studies and east european history in the uk and beyond.
maria charles (born 22 september 1929) is an english film, television and stage actress, director and comedienne .	maria charles (born 22 september 1929) is an english film, television and stage actress, director and comedian.
this kind of cut abruptly communicates the passing of time as opposed to the more seamless dissolve heavily used in films predating jean-luc godard's breathless, when jump cuts were famously first used extensively.	this kind of cut abruptly communicates the passing of time as opposed to the more seamless dissolve heavily used in films predating jean-luc godard's breathless, when jump cuts were first used extensively.
this life force is passed between members of the group through sexual relations.	this life force is believed to pass between members of the group through sexual relations.
removal of application of the names of false gods to yhvh; e.g.	removal of application of the names of other gods to yhvh; e.g.
while at taylor, ralph met eunice davis, a pretty coed from little valley, new york.	while at taylor, ralph met eunice davis, a coed from little valley, new york.
georges goursat (1863 - 1934), known as sem, was a french caricaturist very famous during the belle poque.	georges goursat (1863 - 1934), known as sem, was a french caricaturist famous during the belle poque.
this shell can be found installed and is the default interactive shell for users on most gnu/ linux and mac os x systems.	this shell can be found installed and is the default interactive shell for users on most linux and mac os x systems.
fleming, a rabid segregationist, southern nationalist, and a partisan democrat, sought to limit the power of the carpetbagger- and black-dominated republican party.	fleming, a segregationist, southern nationalist, and a partisan democrat, sought to limit the power of the carpetbagger- and black-dominated republican party.
cristina garca rodero is a respected spanish photographer and member of the magnum and vu agencies.	cristina garca rodero is a spanish photographer and member of the magnum and vu agencies.
renzi was harshly criticised by many within the democratic party's left-wing minority for the deal with berlusconi, as well as by the populist five star movement of beppe grillo who said the nazareno pact was the proof that there are no differences between the italian centre-left and centre-right.	renzi was harshly criticised by many within the democratic party's left-wing minority for the deal with berlusconi, as well as by the five star movement of beppe grillo who said the nazareno pact was the proof that there are no differences between the italian centre-left and centre-right.
however, freud found that despite a subject's effort to remember, a certain resistance kept him or her from the most painful and important memories.	however, freud felt that despite a subject's effort to remember, a certain resistance kept him or her from the most painful and important memories.
aqueous monoethanolamine (mea), diglycolamine (dga), diethanolamine (dea), diisopropanolamine (dipa) and methyldiethanolamine (mdea) are widely used industrially for removing carbon dioxide (co2) and hydrogen sulfide (h2s) from natural gas streams and refinery process streams.	aqueous monoethanolamine (mea), diglycolamine (dga), diethanolamine (dea), diisopropanolamine (dipa) and methyldiethanolamine (mdea) are widely used industrially for removing carbon dioxide (co2) and hydrogen sulfide (h2s) from natural gas and refinery process streams.
after his passing , a temple was built in his memory.	after his death , a temple was built in his memory.
subsequently her character on the sitcom came out of the closet in april of that same year; admitting she was gay to her therapist (played by oprah winfrey).	subsequently her character on the sitcom came out of the closet in april of that same year; revealing she was gay to her therapist (played by oprah winfrey).
the word has been mostly used to label certain politically unpopular societies as somehow less rational or developed.	the word has been mostly used to label certain politically unpopular societies as less rational or developed.
only 43% of gurgaon citizens have registered themselves to vote for any political elections.	43% of gurgaon citizens have registered themselves to vote for any political elections.
some speculate that for early christians celibacy had to do with the imminent end of the age (1 corinthians 7:29-31).	peter brown and bart d. ehrman speculate that for early christians celibacy had to do with the imminent end of the age (1 corinthians 7:29-31).
bruce gifford, the conductor (who had previously taught her older brother) gave her the glockenspiel, an instrument she disliked, and after admiring the performance of her friend frankie chavez (who had been playing drums from an early age and idolized famous jazz drummer buddy rich), she asked if she could play the drums instead.	bruce gifford, the conductor (who had previously taught her older brother) gave her the glockenspiel, an instrument she disliked, and after admiring the performance of her friend frankie chavez (who had been playing drums from an early age and idolized jazz drummer buddy rich), she asked if she could play the drums instead.
in reality such connections are generally used only when the load on the three phases is part of the same piece of equipment (for example a thre -phase motor), as otherwise switching loads and slight imbalances would cause large voltage fluctuations.	in reality such connections are generally used only when the load on the three phases is part of the same piece of equipment (for example a three -phase motor), as otherwise switching loads and slight imbalances would cause large voltage fluctuations.
author david goetz claimed that the majority of christians denounced evolution at the time.	author david goetz writes that the majority of christians denounced evolution at the time.
in australia, wearing tartan on july 1 has been encouraged since 1989. the day has been promoted as international tartan day in australia since 1996 and has been formally recognized by many states, but not yet at national level.	in australia, wearing tartan on july 1 has been encouraged since 1989. the day has been promoted as international tartan day in australia since 1996 and has been formally recognized by many states, but not at national level.
in 2006 the alaska department of fish and games and the board of game extended areas in which the aerial gunning of wolves is allowed, under the predator control program.	in 2006 the alaska department of fish and games and the board of game extended areas in which the aerial hunting of wolves is allowed, under the predator control program.
as attorney general, he successfully argued before the united states supreme court in the landmark case, planned parenthood of southeast pennsylvania v. casey on behalf of robert p. casey, then governor of pennsylvania.	as attorney general, he argued before the united states supreme court in the landmark case, planned parenthood of southeast pennsylvania v. casey on behalf of robert p. casey, then governor of pennsylvania.
they are the proud sponsors of st. patrick's athletic.	they are the sponsors of st. patrick's athletic.
the traditional clasico internacional del caribe or caribbean derby is the richest thoroughbred grade i stakes race in latin america for three-year-old thoroughbred horses, held in venezuela for 2010, on the first sunday in december.	the traditional clasico internacional del caribe or caribbean derby is the thoroughbred grade i stakes race in latin america for three-year-old thoroughbred horses, held in venezuela for 2010, on the first sunday in december.
the young athletics, under the leadership of manager bob kennedy, ended the 1968 campaign with an 82-80 record.	the athletics, under the leadership of manager bob kennedy, ended the 1968 campaign with an 82-80 record.
millard north has won the nebraska state football championships in 2003 and 2005. millard north's mascot is the mustang .	millard north has won the nebraska state football championships in 2003 and 2005. millard north's mascot is the rathbun .
some christians eschew orthodox theology; such as the jehovah's witnesses, mormonism, the unitarians, christadelphians, church of god general conference (abrahamic faith), socinian and some of the radical reformers (anabaptists), do not teach the doctrine of the trinity at all.	some christians eschew mainstream trinitarian theology; such as the jehovah's witnesses, mormonism, the unitarians, christadelphians, church of god general conference (abrahamic faith), socinian and some of the radical reformers (anabaptists), do not teach the doctrine of the trinity at all.
it has been absurdly confounded by florus and orosius with the liris in campania.	it has been confounded by florus and orosius with the liris in campania.
the initial invasion was considered by argentina as reoccupation of its own rightful territory, and by britain as an invasion of a british overseas territory, and the most recent invasion of british territory by a foreign power.	the initial invasion was considered by argentina as reoccupation of its own territory, and by britain as an invasion of a british overseas territory, and the most recent invasion of british territory by a foreign power.
the birth of a nation is a though highly influential and innovative silent film directed by d.w. griffith, based on thomas dixon's novels the clansman (also a play) and the leopard's spots.	the birth of a nation is a highly influential and innovative silent film directed by d.w. griffith, based on thomas dixon's novels the clansman (also a play) and the leopard's spots.
war games: at the end of the day is a 2010 independent thriller film directed by acclaimed italian director cosimo alema, who co-wrote it with daniele persica and romana meggiolaro.	war games: at the end of the day is a 2010 independent thriller film directed by italian director cosimo alema, who co-wrote it with daniele persica and romana meggiolaro.
however, this question was originally raised by william stanley jevons in his book the coal question back in 1865.	however, this question was originally raised by william stanley jevons in his book the coal question in 1865.
the slang keffiyeh kinderlach refers to young left-wing jews, particularly college students, who sport a keffiyeh around the neck as a political/fashion statement.	the slang keffiyeh kinderlach refers to young jews, particularly college students, who sport a keffiyeh around the neck as a political/fashion statement.
although this new stadium was not ready until the 1999 season, adams decided to move his team to liberty bowl memorial stadium in memphis, tennessee in 1997 after playing before sparse houston crowds in 1996. however, the renamed tennessee oilers also played before sparse memphis crowds, and thus spent the 1998 season playing at nashville's vanderbilt stadium.	although this new stadium was not ready until the 1999 season, adams decided to move his team to liberty bowl memorial stadium in memphis, tennessee in 1997 after playing before houston crowds in 1996. however, the renamed tennessee oilers also played before sparse memphis crowds, and thus spent the 1998 season playing at nashville's vanderbilt stadium.
the case of business editor todd was distinct; the news-press accused him through a workplace violence petition of threatening ana fuentes, a terrible photographer working at the paper.	the case of business editor todd was distinct; the news-press accused him through a workplace violence petition of threatening ana fuentes, a photographer working at the paper.
the video is an homage to pier paolo pasolini's notorious final film sal, or the 120 days of sodom, based on the marquis de sade's novel.	the video is an homage to pier paolo pasolini's famous final film sal, or the 120 days of sodom, based on the marquis de sade's novel.
"the ""star of the show"", the cruise ship itself, after being renamed the ms pacific and being sold then owned by another cruise line in spain, the now world famous pacific princess was retired to turkey in 2013, where she was unfortunately scrapped by a ship breaking company after no further buyer could be found."	"the ""star of the show"", the cruise ship itself, after being renamed the ms pacific and being sold then owned by another cruise line in spain, the now world famous pacific princess was retired to turkey in 2013, where she was scrapped by a ship breaking company after no further buyer could be found."
the group aims seeks to maximise democratic development within the limits of the one country two systems principle of hong kong people ruling hong kong and a high degree of autonomy, by a moderate approach, which includes:	the group states that it seeks to maximise democratic development within the limits of the one country two systems principle of hong kong people ruling hong kong and a high degree of autonomy, by a moderate approach, which includes:
"the ""gold diggers"" are four aspiring actresses: polly the ingenue (ruby keeler), carol the torch singer (joan blondell), trixie the comedienne (aline macmahon), and fay the glamour puss (ginger rogers)."	"the ""gold diggers"" are four aspiring actresses: polly the ingenue (ruby keeler), carol the torch singer (joan blondell), trixie the comedian (aline macmahon), and fay the glamour puss (ginger rogers)."
sandman hotel group was presented with the prestigious pinnacle award for hotel company of the year in 2007.	sandman hotel group was presented with the pinnacle award for hotel company of the year in 2007.
a companion series the great british bake off: an extra slice hosted by comedienne jo brand started this year was also shown on bbc two.	a companion series the great british bake off: an extra slice hosted by comedian jo brand started this year was also shown on bbc two.
the crenellated arches of brick and perforated windows make this a fascinating piece of architecture.	the crenellated arches of brick and perforated windows make this a notable piece of architecture.
in historical terms, tutankhamun is of high significance, primarily as a figure managing the beginning of the transition from the heretical atenism of his predecessors akhenaten and smenkhkare back to the familiar egyptian religion.	in historical terms, tutankhamun is of only moderate significance, primarily as a figure managing the beginning of the transition from the heretical atenism of his predecessors akhenaten and smenkhkare back to the familiar egyptian religion.
taylor recovered sufficently to reach three consective itf finals at heraklion, greece in october and november although unfortunately failing to win any.	taylor recovered sufficently to reach three consective itf finals at heraklion, greece in october and november although failing to win any.
clemente died tragically in a plane crash on december 31, 1972 while accompanying a shipment of relief supplies to the victims of an earthquake in nicaragua.	clemente died in a plane crash on december 31, 1972 while accompanying a shipment of relief supplies to the victims of an earthquake in nicaragua.
"one studio suit proposed danny thomas for the role citing the fact that don corleone was a strong ""family man."""	"one studio employee proposed danny thomas for the role citing the fact that don corleone was a strong ""family man."""
it can describe a social boundary that discourages people from crossing or mixing gender roles, or from creating other third (or more) forms of gender expression altogether.	it can describe a social boundary that discourages people from crossing or mixing gender roles, or from identifying with other third (or more) forms of gender expression altogether.
immigration records confirm a four-month-long trip to europe on beery's part immediately after healy's death, ending april 17, 1938. a superb pencil drawing of beery survives that was done on a film set by healy, an amateur artist as well as the organizer and original leader of the three stooges.	immigration records confirm a four-month-long trip to europe on beery's part immediately after healy's death, ending april 17, 1938. a pencil drawing of beery survives that was done on a film set by healy, an amateur artist as well as the organizer and original leader of the three stooges.
(this was done to appease the store buyers at wal-mart and other mass distribution outlets, some of whom had received complaints from conservative parents.)	(this was done to appease the store buyers at wal-mart and other mass distribution outlets, some of whom had received complaints from parents.)
examinethetruth.com - a website exposing lies against islam by ali sina and faith freedom international	examinethetruth.com - a website claiming to expose lies against islam by ali sina and faith freedom international
areas with non-rhotic accents include australia, most of the caribbean, most of england ( notably received pronunciation speakers), most of new zealand, wales, and singapore.	areas with non-rhotic accents include australia, most of the caribbean, most of england ( including received pronunciation speakers), most of new zealand, wales, and singapore.
he also presided over the establishment of a republic through a whites-only referendum.	he also presided over the establishment of a republic through a referendum.
mistress monique, a dominatrix who appeared regularly on dennis erectus's show, was portrayed by writer/ comedienne stephanie landers.	mistress monique, a dominatrix who appeared regularly on dennis erectus's show, was portrayed by writer/ comedian stephanie landers.
the acts of the apostles recounts that the jewish christian couple priscilla and aquila had recently come from rome to corinth when, in about the year 50, paul reached the latter city , indicating that belief in jesus in rome had preceded paul.	the acts of the apostles claims that the jewish christian couple priscilla and aquila had recently come from rome to corinth when, in about the year 50, paul reached the latter city , indicating that belief in jesus in rome had preceded paul.
officers must complete a rigorous personal qualification standard (pqs) program, demonstrate an extensive practical and applied knowledge of the specialty, and successfully stand before an oral examination board of senior officers to earn each warfare pin.	officers must complete a personal qualification standard (pqs) program, demonstrate an extensive practical and applied knowledge of the specialty, and successfully stand before an oral examination board of senior officers to earn each warfare pin.
this result also generalizes the famous erds-de bruijn theorem:	this result also generalizes the erds-de bruijn theorem:
mid-century modern is an architectural, interior and product design form that generally describes mid-20th century developments in modern design, architecture, and urban development from roughly 1933 to 1965. the term was coined in 1983 by cara greenberg for the title of her ground-breaking book, mid-century modern: furniture of the 1950s (random house), celebrating the style which is now recognized by scholars and museums worldwide as a significant design movement.	mid-century modern is an architectural, interior and product design form that generally describes mid-20th century developments in modern design, architecture, and urban development from roughly 1933 to 1965. the term was coined in 1983 by cara greenberg for the title of her book, mid-century modern: furniture of the 1950s (random house), celebrating the style which is now recognized by scholars and museums worldwide as a significant design movement.
under the older cronquist system, the zygophyllaceae were included within the sapindales, and the krameriaceae within the polygalales.	under the cronquist system, the zygophyllaceae were included within the sapindales, and the krameriaceae within the polygalales.
the pitcher then, must have confidence in the catcher, and the catcher in himself , to block any ball in the dirt; if there are runners on base, they will likely advance if the ball gets away from the catcher.	the pitcher then, must have confidence in the catcher, and the catcher in themselves , to block any ball in the dirt; if there are runners on base, they will likely advance if the ball gets away from the catcher.
arthur sorosky was found not to be at fault as the dosage ms. hartman was on was not even a theraputic dosage of zoloft and in no way could have contributed to her rampage .	arthur sorosky was found not to be at fault as the dosage ms. hartman was on was not even a theraputic dosage of zoloft and in no way could have contributed to her actions .
the beginning of building a temple where the huge tdai-ji complex sits today can be dated to 728, when emperor shmu established kinshsen-ji as an appeasement for prince motoi, his first son with his fujiwara clan consort kmyshi.	the beginning of building a temple where the tdai-ji complex sits today can be dated to 728, when emperor shmu established kinshsen-ji as an appeasement for prince motoi, his first son with his fujiwara clan consort kmyshi.
al-durrah's life	al-durrah's family
at the confluence, the kolam biru (blue pool), a pool with elaborate fountains, has been installed as part of a general plan to cleanse and beautify the city's rivers.	at the confluence, the kolam biru (blue pool), a pool with elaborate fountains, has been installed as part of a general plan to cleanse and adorn the city's rivers.
on 28 september 2010, former essendon champion james hird was named as essendon's new coach from 2011 on a four-year deal.	on 28 september 2010, former essendon player james hird was named as essendon's new coach from 2011 on a four-year deal.
unlike hectic speedruns, there is no time constraint aside from those imposed by bandwidth/filesize concerns.	unlike speedruns, there is no time constraint aside from those imposed by bandwidth/filesize concerns.
tony carreira is a portuguese heart-throb singer.	tony carreira is a portuguese singer.
the defeat of the jacobites at dunkeld ended the jacobite rising, but sadly cleland fell in the struggle from a gunshot wound to head.	the defeat of the jacobites at dunkeld ended the jacobite rising, but cleland fell in the struggle from a gunshot wound to head.
he was married to psychologist and former actress/ comedienne pamela stephenson until her affair, and eventual elopement, with billy connolly.	he was married to psychologist and former actress/ comedian pamela stephenson until her affair, and eventual elopement, with billy connolly.
stalking (from middle english stalk: from old english bestealcian; akin to old english stelan to steal) is a legal term for repeated harassment or other forms of invasion of a person's privacy in a manner that causes fear to its target .	stalking (from middle english stalk: from old english bestealcian; akin to old english stelan to steal) is a legal term for repeated harassment or other forms of invasion of a person's privacy in a manner that causes fear to its focus .
however, on april 17, 2013 casey voted to arbitrarily ban magazines carrying over 10 rounds, restrict the ability of citizens to buy certain semiautomatic firearms, and voted against a bill that would have allowed concealed carry permits to be valid every state.	however, on april 17, 2013 casey voted to ban magazines carrying over 10 rounds, restrict the ability of citizens to buy certain semiautomatic firearms, and voted against a bill that would have allowed concealed carry permits to be valid every state.
nifong initially garnered strong support in some quarters for defending the stripper , crystal gail mangum, an african american woman who was working as an escort and stripper.	nifong initially garnered strong support in some quarters for defending the alleged victim , crystal gail mangum, an african american woman who was working as an escort and stripper.
despite public statements by putin and other russian officials insisting that the war is over, the chechen resistance forces led by aslan maskhadov and islamist militants led by shamil basayev continue to wage a guerilla-style war against russian troops and the pro-russian chechen administration.	despite public statements by putin and other russian officials insisting that the war is over, the chechen forces led by aslan maskhadov and islamist militants led by shamil basayev continue to wage a guerilla-style war against russian troops and the pro-russian chechen administration.
the production of wine in california alone is one third larger than that of australia.	the production of wine in california is one third larger than that of australia.
although by now constantine openly supported christianity, the city still offered room to pagan cults : there were shrines for the dioscuri and tyche.	although by now constantine openly supported christianity, the city still offered room to pagan religions : there were shrines for the dioscuri and tyche.
shortly thereafter, a few mesmerizing minutes with ed sullivan sealed the deal.	shortly thereafter, a few minutes with ed sullivan sealed the deal.
american taliban is a pejorative neologism used to describe some american fundamentalists by their opponents.	american taliban is a pejorative neologism used to describe some americans who are perceived to be fundamentalists by their opponents.
july 17 – fred ball, american movie studio executive, actor, and the brother of comedienne lucille ball (d. 2007)	july 17 – fred ball, american movie studio executive, actor, and the brother of comedian lucille ball (d. 2007)
the expulsion of the rest of the community was completed by an inexcusable massacre of chams in filliates in march, 1945, carried out by edes veterans under zotos and groups of armed civilians.	the expulsion of the rest of the community was completed by an massacre of chams in filliates in march, 1945, carried out by edes veterans under zotos and groups of armed civilians.
k. kumar (1893-1973) was a brilliant orator, reformer and writer of the indian pre-independence era.	k. kumar (1893-1973) was a orator, reformer and writer of the indian pre-independence era.
henry pierson crowe (1899–1991) was a legendary marine of the korean war, world war ii, the banana wars, and world war i	henry pierson crowe (1899–1991) was a marine of the korean war, world war ii, the banana wars, and world war i
ridge high school is a four-year comprehensive public high school serving students from bernards township in somerset county, new jersey, united states.	ridge high school is a four-year public high school serving students from bernards township in somerset county, new jersey, united states.
metlox pottery was a well-known manufacturer of ceramic housewares based in manhattan beach, california.	metlox pottery was a manufacturer of ceramic housewares based in manhattan beach, california.
it received a very positive critical and public reception, with many ranking it as superior to even tim burton's 1989 batman film, for instance receiving, according to rotten tomatoes, an overall 85% positive review compared to 71% for burton's film.	it received a very positive critical and public reception, with many ranking it as superior to tim burton's 1989 batman film, for instance receiving, according to rotten tomatoes, an overall 85% positive review compared to 71% for burton's film.
"in july 2001 aoki became embroiled in a public controversy stemming from his objection to a joke told by comedienne sarah silverman, which involved her use of the ethnic slur ""chink"", in an interview on the july 11, 2001 episode of late night with conan o'brien."	"in july 2001 aoki became embroiled in a public controversy stemming from his objection to a joke told by comedian sarah silverman, which involved her use of the ethnic slur ""chink"", in an interview on the july 11, 2001 episode of late night with conan o'brien."
later citing continued israeli control of the occupied shebaa farms region and the internment of lebanese prisoners in israel, hezbollah intensified its cross-border attacks, and used the tactic of seizing soldiers from israel as leverage for a prisoner exchange in 2004.	later citing continued israeli control of the disputed shebaa farms region and the internment of lebanese prisoners in israel, hezbollah intensified its cross-border attacks, and used the tactic of seizing soldiers from israel as leverage for a prisoner exchange in 2004.
she became mccaull's leading comedienne and wore many hats while with his company being a stage director, costume designer and, at times, handled the company's finances.	she became mccaull's leading comedian and wore many hats while with his company being a stage director, costume designer and, at times, handled the company's finances.
kathleen madigan (born 1965), comedienne	kathleen madigan (born 1965), comedian
the christmas shoes is a made-for-tv movie, broadcast on cbs in december 2002. it is based on the hit song and novel of the same name.	the christmas shoes is a made-for-tv movie, broadcast on cbs in december 2002. it is based on the song and novel of the same name.
people of other faiths are forbidden from entering the holy city, under penalty of death.	people of other faiths are forbidden from entering the city, under penalty of death.
the details of the heretical tenets of li's religion are mentioned in many arabic sources, such as ibn hazm, ibn khaldun and others.	the details of the tenets of li's religion are mentioned in many arabic sources, such as ibn hazm, ibn khaldun and others.
his grandson, danny barker, is also a famous musician.	his grandson, danny barker, is also a musician.
the exhibition subdivision is beautifully located on the banks of the south saskatchewan river and was developed between the two major world wars.	the exhibition subdivision is located on the banks of the south saskatchewan river and was developed between the two major world wars.
the building is also home to seattle's member-only harbor club which has spectacular views of the city and puget sound region.	the building is also home to seattle's member-only harbor club which has views of the city and puget sound region.
stoltenberg has criticized israel over its violations of international law in the palestinian territories as well as in international waters, such as the gaza flotilla raid.	stoltenberg has criticized israel over alleged violations of international law in the palestinian territories as well as in international waters, such as the gaza flotilla raid.
this can sometimes be helpful when looking for specific information.	this can be helpful when looking for specific information.
the pristine beaches and shallow coves provide a destination both for tourists and miners settling down in central queensland.	the beaches and shallow coves provide a destination both for tourists and miners settling down in central queensland.
unfortunately this aerial mounted on five guyed masts with a height of 30.5 metres had to be shutdown at the end of 1995.	this aerial mounted on five guyed masts with a height of 30.5 metres had to be shutdown at the end of 1995.
"in russian culture, , short for ""compromising material"" , is damaging information about a politician, a businessman , or other public figure, used to create negative publicity, as well as for blackmail and extortion."	"in russian culture, , short for ""compromising material"" , is damaging information about a politician, a businessperson , or other public figure, used to create negative publicity, as well as for blackmail and extortion."
iconic pop star michael jackson, whose 1991 album dangerous featured a drawing of crowley on the cover.	pop star michael jackson, whose 1991 album dangerous featured a drawing of crowley on the cover.
brenda gilhooly (born 1964 in epsom, surrey) is an english comedienne .	brenda gilhooly (born 1964 in epsom, surrey) is an english comedian .
in october 2005, the cochrane library published its analysis of 32 well-conducted medical studies which concluded no link could be found between the mmr vaccine and bowel disease, autism or other pervasive developmental disorders.	in october 2005, the cochrane library published its analysis of 32 medical studies which concluded no link could be found between the mmr vaccine and bowel disease, autism or other pervasive developmental disorders.
molina is best known for his portrayal of spider-man villain otto octavius in sam raimi's blockbuster , spider-man 2.	molina is best known for his portrayal of spider-man villain otto octavius in sam raimi's film , spider-man 2.
amule: an open source client popular among gnu/ linux operating systems.	amule: an open source client popular among linux operating systems.
duklja or diokletija (cyrillic: ' or '); latin: doclea or diocleia; ) was a serbian medieval state with hereditary lands roughly encompassing the territories of present-day southeastern montenegro, from kotor on the west to the river bojana on the east and to the sources of zeta and moraa rivers on the north.	duklja or diokletija (cyrillic: ' or '); latin: doclea or diocleia; ) was a medieval state with hereditary lands roughly encompassing the territories of present-day southeastern montenegro, from kotor on the west to the river bojana on the east and to the sources of zeta and moraa rivers on the north.
"res publica is however not an exact translation of the greek word ""politeia"" that plato used in the title of his dialogue: ""politeia"" is a general term indicating the various forms of government that could be used and were used in a polis or city-state."	"res publica is not an exact translation of the greek word ""politeia"" that plato used in the title of his dialogue: ""politeia"" is a general term indicating the various forms of government that could be used and were used in a polis or city-state."
conan the relentless is a fantasy novel written by roland green featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the relentless is a fantasy novel written by roland green featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
such functional theories of grammar view language as a tool that emerged and is adapted to the communicative needs of its users, and the role of cultural evolutionary processes are often emphasised over that of biological evolution.	such theories of grammar view language as a tool that emerged and is adapted to the communicative needs of its users, and the role of cultural evolutionary processes are often emphasised over that of biological evolution.
uthman bin maz'oon was one of the companions of the islamic prophet muhammad.	uthman bin maz'oon was one of the companions of the islamic lawmaker muhammad.
"despite catholic restrictions against condoms, it has been acknowledged that catholic doctrine permits the use of them in cases of which involve ""no consensual sexual act, but an act of violence and brutality forcibly directed"	"despite catholic restrictions against condoms, it has been argued that catholic doctrine permits the use of them in cases of which involve ""no consensual sexual act, but an act of violence and brutality forcibly directed"
kavkazcenter extremists even speculated that conflicts may spark a russian armed resistance with support from fsb (the former kgb).	kavkazcenter even speculated that conflicts may spark a russian armed resistance with support from fsb (the former kgb).
the flushing cemetery is the final resting place for renowned musician and singer louis armstrong and for excellent bohemian writer hermann grab.	the flushing cemetery is the final resting place for renowned musician and singer louis armstrong and for bohemian writer hermann grab.
copyright infringement is a violation of the rights of a copyright holder, when material protected by copyright is used without consent.	copyright infringement is a violation of the rights of a copyright holder, when material restricted by copyright is used without consent.
one plausible explanation states that a lightning strike causes hallucinations that make the viewer see streaks of light.	one explanation states that a lightning strike causes hallucinations that make the viewer see streaks of light.
the north american man/boy love association (nambla) is a us-based organization opposing arbitrary age-of-consent laws, specifically advocating on behalf of adolescent and adult males in mutually consensual, non-exploitative relationships.	the north american man/boy love association (nambla) is a us-based organization opposing age-of-consent laws, specifically advocating on behalf of adolescent and adult males in mutually consensual, non-exploitative relationships.
vinnie moore is one of the most influencial and important guitarists to emerge out of the virtuoso boom in the mid to late eighties.	"vinnie moore is one of the most influencial and important guitarists to emerge out of the "" shredder "" boom in the mid to late eighties."
"singles for ""california girls"" and ""just a gigolo/i ain't got nobody"" (using an arrangement stolen from sam butera&louis prima) succeeded largely due to their innovative music videos, which featured ridiculous characters created by roth."	"singles for ""california girls"" and ""just a gigolo/i ain't got nobody"" (using an arrangement from sam butera&louis prima) succeeded largely due to their innovative music videos, which featured ridiculous characters created by roth."
christian gilbert's spanish-classical influenced guitar playing is combined with the fascinating poetry of annette farrington's lyrics.	christian gilbert's spanish-classical influenced guitar playing is combined with the poetry of annette farrington's lyrics.
al ries is a marketing genius professional and author.	al ries is a marketing professional and author.
finally russia carried out some humanitarian operations in abkhazia.	finally russia carried out some operations in abkhazia.
none of the men ever sued for defamation and strong public opinions rose against the accused and the police who mishandled the case.	none of the men ever sued for defamation and strong public opinions rose against the accused and the police who handled the case.
in 2012 a disappointing film was made based on the short story 'greyhound for breakfast'.	in 2012 a film was made based on the short story 'greyhound for breakfast'.
he defeated congressman ron paul in the primary election and liberal democratic candidate lloyd doggett of austin in the general election for the right to succeed retiring republican senator john g. tower.	he defeated congressman ron paul in the primary election and democratic candidate lloyd doggett of austin in the general election for the right to succeed retiring republican senator john g. tower.
"instead of rebuilding, they bought a custom motorhome, christened it ""phoenix one"" and began a road trip that lasted six years."	"instead of rebuilding, they bought a custom motorhome, named it ""phoenix one"" and began a road trip that lasted six years."
"his institute ""the lakshmi mittal institute of information technology, jaipur"" is producing quality engineers since 2003."	"his institute ""the lakshmi mittal institute of information technology, jaipur"" is producing engineers since 2003."
"supporters saw perot as a nonpolitical and witty ""folk hero"", but critics demonized the candidate as ""authoritarian"" and ""short-tempered""."	"supporters saw perot as a nonpolitical and witty ""folk hero"", but critics described the candidate as ""authoritarian"" and ""short-tempered""."
located in the heart of boston university's campus on famous commonwealth avenue in boston, massachusetts.	located in the heart of boston university's campus on commonwealth avenue in boston, massachusetts.
"the situation reached its peak when caricaturist serge chapleau called ral a ""farce"" and a ""nerd"", ridiculed his costume , and grabbed him by the chignon."	"the situation reached its peak when caricaturist serge chapleau called ral a ""farce"" and a ""nerd"", ridiculed his clothes , and grabbed him by the chignon."
interestingly there have been reports of sulfuric acid ingestion leading to vitamin b12 deficiency with subacute combined degeneration.	there have been reports of sulfuric acid ingestion leading to vitamin b12 deficiency with subacute combined degeneration.
on january 2, 1905 port arthur was lost, and the russian baltic fleet mauled at tsushima; in february 1905, the russian army was defeated at mukden, losing almost 80,000 men in the process.	on january 2, 1905 port arthur was lost, and the russian baltic fleet was defeated at tsushima; in february 1905, the russian army was defeated at mukden, losing almost 80,000 men in the process.
"a partly familiar european history for which the author attempts to provide a logic-defying point of divergence is randall garrett's ""lord darcy"" series: a monk systemizing magic rather than science, so the use of foxglove to treat heart disease is called superstition."	"a partly familiar european history for which the author attempts to provide a point of divergence is randall garrett's ""lord darcy"" series: a monk systemizing magic rather than science, so the use of foxglove to treat heart disease is called superstition."
the supporting tour for machine head included a trip to japan that would later become the classic double-live made in japan album.	the supporting tour for machine head included a trip to japan that would later become the double-live made in japan album.
the shows first episode aired on wednesday the 6th of october 2005. the show was unfortunately cancelled due to poor ratings.	the shows first episode aired on wednesday the 6th of october 2005. the show was soon cancelled due to poor ratings.
"contemporary estimates range from 2.1 million to 18 million people living on the north american continent prior to european colonization, but the us census bureau stated in 1894 that north america was an almost empty continent in 1492 and that indian populations ""could not have exceeded much over 500,000."""	"contemporary estimates range from 2.1 million to 18 million people living on the north american continent prior to european colonization, but the us census bureau claimed in 1894 that north america was an almost empty continent in 1492 and that indian populations ""could not have exceeded much over 500,000."""
the articles cited holder for his alleged role in operation fast and furious and other scandals of president barack obamas administration.	the articles cited holder for his alleged role in operation fast and furious and other controversies of president barack obamas administration.
marius and ruth bodnariu, a romanian-norwegian couple of pentecostal faith are accused of violence against their children	marius and ruth bodnariu, a romanian-norwegian couple of pentecostal faith are accused of using physical discipline against their children
antalya province includes the historical roman provinces of lycia in the west, pamphylia in the east and pisidia in the north..it is an important tourist destination for foreign and local tourists alike, featuring a shoreline 630 km long with beautiful beaches, ports, and ancient cities scattered throughout.	antalya province includes the historical roman provinces of lycia in the west, pamphylia in the east and pisidia in the north..it is an important tourist destination for foreign and local tourists alike, featuring a shoreline 630 km long with beaches, ports, and ancient cities scattered throughout.
fisher also engaged in secret treasons to overthrow henry.	fisher also engaged in secret activities to overthrow henry.
regular ferry and rivercat services from the wolseley street wharf also provide a relaxing transport option for drummoyne residents, servicing the parramatta-city route.	regular ferry and rivercat services from the wolseley street wharf also provide a transport option for drummoyne residents, servicing the parramatta-city route.
the c16 has a plastic 'block' above the earth pin - preventing c13's fitting, c15's have a cut out hole to match.	the c16 has a plastic 'block' opposite the earth pin - preventing c13's fitting, c15's have a cut out hole to match.
cobol (pronounced 'coe- ball ') is a third-generation programming language, and one of the oldest programming languages still in active use.	cobol (pronounced 'coe- bol ') is a third-generation programming language, and one of the oldest programming languages still in active use.
critical opalescence is a spectacular phenomenon which arises in the region of a continuous, or second order, phase transition.	critical opalescence is a phenomenon which arises in the region of a continuous, or second order, phase transition.
limpet is a common name applied to aquatic snails with shells broadly conical in shape, rather like the familiar conical asian hat.	limpet is a common name applied to aquatic snails with shells broadly conical in shape, rather like the conical asian hat.
the ffii and the eurolinux alliance played key roles in coordinating this lobbying campaign, which drew support from some free software and open source programmers, some academics, some small business groups, and some proprietary software developers.	the ffii and the eurolinux alliance played key roles in coordinating this campaign, which drew support from some free software and open source programmers, some academics, some small business groups, and some proprietary software developers.
"eurabia, a portmanteau of ""europe"" and ""arabia,"" is a political neologism referring to europe becoming subsumed by the arab world, because of european leaders' betrayal and/or continued immigration and high birth rates of muslims in europe."	"eurabia, a portmanteau of ""europe"" and ""arabia,"" is a political neologism referring to europe becoming subsumed by the arab world, because of european leaders' perceived capitulation to islamic influences and/or continued immigration and high birth rates of muslims in europe."
"league of extraordinary gentlemen #5 contained an authentic vintage advertisement for a ""marvel""-brand douche, which caused dc executive paul levitz to order the entire print run destroyed and reprinted without the offensive advertisement."	"league of extraordinary gentlemen #5 contained an authentic vintage advertisement for a ""marvel""-brand douche, which caused dc executive paul levitz to order the entire print run destroyed and reprinted without the advertisement."
in the 1830s, the greatest criticism was for smith's handling of a banking scandal in kirtland, ohio, and the lds church's political and military power in missouri, culminating in the 1838 mormon war.	in the 1830s, the greatest criticism was for smith's handling of a banking failure in kirtland, ohio, and the lds church's political and military power in missouri, culminating in the 1838 mormon war.
the fort lauderdale symphony orchestra was a fort lauderdale, florida based symphony orchestra founded in 1949 by high school orchestra director john canfield.	the fort lauderdale symphony orchestra was a fort lauderdale, florida , united states, symphony orchestra founded in 1949 by high school orchestra director john canfield.
in one broadcast radio maryja listeners were informed that the jewish people fled from poland with all the jewish gold (listen) and that jews have a negative effect on the birth rate of the polish people (listen).	in one broadcast radio maryja listeners were told that the jewish people fled from poland with all the jewish gold (listen) and that jews have a negative effect on the birth rate of the polish people (listen).
gruber died in 1728; rock, in 1749. with their passing , the gift of inspiration ceased.	gruber died in 1728; rock, in 1749. with their death , the gift of inspiration ceased.
"the cps changer featured super famicom controller ports, allowing the use of all super nes controllers, including their excellent six-button joystick, the ""cps fighter""."	"the cps changer featured super famicom controller ports, allowing the use of all super nes controllers, including their six-button joystick, the ""cps fighter""."
lemon meringue pie is a tasty dessert made with a pastry base, lemon filling and a fluffy meringue topping.	lemon meringue pie is a dessert made with a pastry base, lemon filling and a fluffy meringue topping.
eddie shore was elected to the international hockey hall of fame in 1947.	eddie shore was elected to the hockey hall of fame in 1947.
george herman ruth, jr., was born at 216 emory street in pigtown, a rough neighborhood of baltimore, maryland.	george herman ruth, jr., was born at 216 emory street in pigtown, a neighborhood of baltimore, maryland.
werner herzog is legitimately regarded as among the geniuses of the revival of german film in the 1970s.	werner herzog is regarded as among the geniuses of the revival of german film in the 1970s.
1964) is an artist, author, public speaker, and established psychic medium.	1964) is an artist, author, public speaker, and psychic medium.
adidas superstar, is the name of a popular sneaker.	adidas superstar, is the name of a sneaker.
dana elaine owens (born march 18, 1970), better known by her stage name queen latifah, is an award-winning american rapper, singer and actress.	dana elaine owens (born march 18, 1970), better known by her stage name queen latifah, is an american rapper, singer and actress.
in various episodes of his 700 club program during the months of june and july 2003, robertson repeatedly supported liberian dictator charles taylor.	in various episodes of his 700 club program during the months of june and july 2003, robertson repeatedly supported liberian president charles taylor.
"m vlast (, meaning ""my country/ homeland"") is a set of six symphonic poems composed between 1874 and 1879 by the czech composer bedich smetana."	"m vlast (, meaning ""my homeland"") is a set of six symphonic poems composed between 1874 and 1879 by the czech composer bedich smetana."
borders of newly independent hungary did not include two-thirds of the lands of the former kingdom of hungary, including large areas where the ethnic magyars were in a majority.	borders of newly independent hungary did not include two-thirds of the lands of the former kingdom of hungary, including areas where the ethnic magyars were in a majority.
the 3do is one of few cd-based units that feature neither regional lockout nor copy protection, making it easy to use pirated software .	the 3do is one of few cd-based units that feature neither regional lockout nor copy protection, making it easy to use illegal copies or homebrew software .
manteuffel was forced to retreat to mecklenburg where he successfully surrendered his troops to the western allies on may 3, 1945, thus escaping capture by the soviets.	manteuffel was forced to retreat to mecklenburg where he surrendered his troops to the western allies on may 3, 1945, thus escaping capture by the soviets.
the mauritius penny is the seventh episode of the second series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	the mauritius penny is the seventh episode of the second series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
since the onset of the current recession:	since the onset of the late-2000s recession :
strikingly similar in basic appearance to a modern laptop, it featured a detachable keyboard, rugged brushed aluminum casing and a pop-up 3.5 inch floppy drive.	similar in basic appearance to a modern laptop, it featured a detachable keyboard, rugged brushed aluminum casing and a pop-up 3.5 inch floppy drive.
the mussolini cup was won by the propaganda film cardinal messias, while the other main prizes were not awarded.	the mussolini cup was won by the historical film cardinal messias, while the other main prizes were not awarded.
mohamed kallon (born 6 october 1979) is a sierra leonean international footballer and arguably the most famous footballer from sierra leone.	mohamed kallon (born 6 october 1979) is a sierra leonean international footballer and considered the most famous footballer from sierra leone.
he has a popular public following, particularly because his books are aimed at the lay reader, but some of his ideas are deemed controversial and are considered by some scientists to be pseudoscientific.	he has a popular public following, particularly because his books are aimed at the lay reader, but some of his ideas are controversial and are considered by some scientists to be pseudoscientific.
velupillai prabhakaran - terrorist leader of liberation tigers of tamil eelam- of tamil eelam(disputed tamil settlement, north srilanka.	velupillai prabhakaran - leader of liberation tigers of tamil eelam- of tamil eelam(disputed tamil settlement, north srilanka.
it is featured on their groundbreaking 1971 album tago mago.	it is featured on their 1971 album tago mago.
as darwinism became widely accepted in the 1870s, good-humoured caricatures of darwin with an ape or monkey body symbolised evolution.	as darwinism became widely accepted in the 1870s, caricatures of darwin with an ape or monkey body symbolised evolution.
in the late 1930s, grable signed a contract with paramount pictures, starring in several b-movies, mostly portraying co-eds .	in the late 1930s, grable signed a contract with paramount pictures, starring in several b-movies, mostly portraying college students .
in 1997, he opened a store with perfectly equal french and english in all signage, deliberately violating the unconstitutional commercial sign provisions of the charter of the french language act in order to provoke reactionary measures and media awareness.	in 1997, he opened a store with perfectly equal french and english in all signage, deliberately violating the commercial sign provisions of the charter of the french language act in order to provoke reactionary measures and media awareness.
unfortunately , the motion struck irwin's chest and pierced his heart.	in this case , the motion struck irwin's chest and pierced his heart.
jim (james) carter is a fringe scientist, whose theory of circulons attempts to replace the existing theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, and the big bang theory with the idea that everything is made up of circular objects that interact in a mechanical way.	jim (james) carter is a scientist, whose theory of circulons attempts to replace the existing theories of relativity, quantum mechanics, and the big bang theory with the idea that everything is made up of circular objects that interact in a mechanical way.
to this day, croatian nazists pay their respects by a visit to his grave in madrid.	to this day, croatian nationalists pay their respects by a visit to his grave in madrid.
in law in the united states, the deceased have surprisingly little say in the manner in which their funerals can be conducted.	in law in the united states, the deceased have little say in the manner in which their funerals can be conducted.
terrorism in kazakhstan plays an increasingly important role in determining its foreign policy.	potential for ethnic or religious conflicts in kazakhstan plays an increasingly important role in determining its foreign policy.
once again, metallica teamed up with famed producer bob rock, who had been at the helm during the recording process for metallica.	once again, metallica teamed up with producer bob rock, who had been at the helm during the recording process for metallica.
murtagh comes to his rescue, and, whilst pulling off an escape from gil'ead, the duo also manage to rescue a beautiful female elf named arya, who eragon has been having disturbing nightmares about.	murtagh comes to his rescue, and, whilst pulling off an escape from gil'ead, the duo also manage to rescue a female elf named arya, who eragon has been having disturbing nightmares about.
although gore and george w. bush, the republican candidate, clearly disagreed on issues such as abortion, gun control , environmentalism, gay rights, foreign policy, public education, trade unionism, alternative fuel research, global warming, judicial appointments, and affirmative action, some critics -- green party presidential candidate ralph nader in particular -- asserted that bush and gore were too similar because they held the same views on free trade and reductions in government-funded social welfare programs.	although gore and george w. bush, the republican candidate, clearly disagreed on issues such as abortion, gun politics, environmentalism, gay rights, foreign policy, public education, trade unionism, alternative fuel research, global warming, judicial appointments, and affirmative action, some critics -- green party presidential candidate ralph nader in particular -- asserted that bush and gore were too similar because they held the same views on free trade and reductions in government-funded social welfare programs.
for the main article about the modern region , see england.	for the main article about the modern country , see england.
he took over the top post in the montenegrin orthodox cult in 1998.	he took over the top post in the montenegrin orthodox church in 1998.
in 2006 the golan heights had a population of approximately 36,000 people, consisting of approximately 19,000 jewish settlers and 17,000 druze residents.	in 2006 the golan heights had a population of approximately 36,000 people, consisting of approximately 19,000 jewish israeli cititzens and 17,000 druze residents.
she has written a fascinating book about this journey entitled my sister, the jew.	she has written a book about this journey entitled my sister, the jew.
using a series of interviews and graphics, the film sets out to challenge the scientific consensus by focusing on issues such as perceived inconsistencies in the evidence and the role said to have been played by ideology and politics.	using a series of interviews and graphics, the film sets out to challenge the scientific consensus by focusing on issues such as inconsistencies in the evidence and the role said to have been played by ideology and politics.
it is also proposed to rebuild the state apartments of the second empire as they stood in 1871. all the plans of the palace and many photographs are still stored in french archives, which would make it easy to rebuild the palace and its rooms exactly as they stood in 1871. furthermore, all the furniture and paintings from the palace survived the 1871 fire, because they had been removed from the palace in 1870 at the start of the franco-prussian war, and stored in secure locations.	it is also proposed to rebuild the state apartments of the second empire as they stood in 1871. all the plans of the palace and many photographs are still stored in french archives, which would make it possible to rebuild the palace and its rooms exactly as they stood in 1871. furthermore, all the furniture and paintings from the palace survived the 1871 fire, because they had been removed from the palace in 1870 at the start of the franco-prussian war, and stored in secure locations.
in recent years, it has been found that the spanish slug has bred with the indigenous black slug to produce a more disgusting , frost-resistant variety in the norther regions.	in recent years, it has been found that the spanish slug has bred with the indigenous black slug to produce a more, frost-resistant variety in the norther regions.
cheney was criticized for his mishandling of the matter.	cheney was criticized for his handling of the matter.
fabulous local painters and graphic designers can also be found here.	local painters and graphic designers can also be found here.
he was decisive in the move to oust the hyndman national chauvinist clique in the bsp in 1916 and also took part in founding of the communist party of great britain.	he was decisive in the move to oust the hyndman national chauvinist current in the bsp in 1916 and also took part in founding of the communist party of great britain.
according to peta's own filings with the virginia department of agriculture and consumer services, in 2004 peta killed 86.3% of the animals entrusted to its care .	according to peta's own filings with the virginia department of agriculture and consumer services, in 2004 peta euthanized 86.3% of the animals entrusted to its care .
"these range from a full-page interview with nazi bnp leader nick griffin, in which a remark that homosexuals should be kept in the closet and the door behind them ""kept firmly shut"" and other race-based comments caused great offence."	"these range from a full-page interview with bnp leader nick griffin, in which a remark that homosexuals should be kept in the closet and the door behind them ""kept firmly shut"" and other race-based comments caused great offence."
the president of global was later arrested in russia and the hansens terminated the agreement and contracts with global at that time.	the president of the company producing the russian king crap product was later arrested in russia and the hansens terminated the agreement and contracts with global at that time.
headquartered in new york city, quirky brings game-changing products to the marketplace through interaction between its active online global community and quirkys expert product design staff, bringing to life ideas from their earliest stages to store shelves.	headquartered in new york city, quirky brings products to the marketplace through interaction between its active online global community and quirkys expert product design staff, bringing to life ideas from their earliest stages to store shelves.
liang accidentally fired his gun, the bullet ricocheted off the wall and gurley was struck in the chest and later died from the shot.	liang fired his gun, the bullet ricocheted off the wall and gurley was struck in the chest and later died from the shot.
she became known throughout the country when she committed suicide after constant bullying from classmates.	she became known throughout the united states when she committed suicide after constant bullying from classmates.
in early 2002, eugene bird criticized then-united states president george w. bush for supporting israel's policies in the disputed west bank.	in early 2002, eugene bird criticized then-united states president george w. bush for supporting israel's policies in the occupied west bank.
global radio officially took control of all gcap media brands at 23:59 on 31 october 2008. the gcap media name was axed at this time.	global radio officially took control of all gcap media brands at 23:59 on 31 october 2008. the gcap media name was dropped at this time.
"musashi was hailed as an extraordinary sumi-e artist in the use of ink monochrome as depicted in two such famous paintings: ""shrike perched in a dead tree"" (koboku meigekizu, ) and ""wild geese among reeds"" (rozanzu, )."	"musashi was hailed as an extraordinary sumi-e artist in the use of ink monochrome as depicted in two such paintings: ""shrike perched in a dead tree"" (koboku meigekizu, ) and ""wild geese among reeds"" (rozanzu, )."
the idea behind the ponzi scheme is fairly straightforward, and exploits the basic human weakness of greed.	the idea behind the ponzi scheme is fairly straightforward, and exploits the basic human trait of greed.
bormann and his companion, dr. ludwig stumpfegger, were almost certainly intoxicated, and apparently committed suicide with cyanide capsules after realizing the group had run into trouble (this was confirmed by the 1972 discovery of their bodies, which was cinched by dna tests in 1998).	bormann and his companion, dr. ludwig stumpfegger, were almost certainly intoxicated, and apparently committed suicide with cyanide capsules after realizing the group had run into trouble (this was confirmed by the 1972 discovery of their bodies, which was verified by dna tests in 1998).
records has a long history of traditional non- ramones-style punk.	records has a long history of traditional ramones-style punk.
mikko innanen is a top finnish football midfielder who currently plays for fc haka in finland.	mikko innanen is a finnish football midfielder who currently plays for fc haka in finland.
lili is a typical rich girl trying to save her father's company, and uses a combination of ballet dancing and street fighting moves.	lili is a stereotypical rich girl trying to save her father's company, and uses a combination of ballet dancing and street fighting moves.
after joining ann wigmore's boston based rising sun christianity movement, kulvinskas co-founded, with wigmore, the hippocrates health institute, a health resort in the united states, in the late 1960s where he was director of research, and is a pioneer of the 'live food' revolution .	after joining ann wigmore's boston based rising sun christianity movement, kulvinskas co-founded, with wigmore, the hippocrates health institute, a health resort in the united states, in the late 1960s where he was director of research, and is a pioneer of the 'live food' movement .
pro-choice is a political movement of people who believe that women have the legal right to have an abortion or that women have the right to make decisions concerning their bodies.	pro-choice is a political movement of people who believe that women have the legal right to have an abortion based upon the principle that women have the right to make decisions concerning their bodies.
he was released from prison in may 2016 after a 94-day hunger strike and re-arrestedin mid-january after participating in a protest on the west bank demanding the release of bodies of palestinian martyrs .	he was released from prison in may 2016 after a 94-day hunger strike and re-arrestedin mid-january after participating in a protest on the west bank demanding the release of bodies of palestinian militants .
the exercise of police power can be in the form of making laws, compelling obedience to those laws through violence , legal sanctions, or other forms of coercion and inducements.	the exercise of police power can be in the form of making laws, compelling obedience to those laws through physical means with the aim of removing liberty , legal sanctions, or other forms of coercion and inducements.
20 was composed in the fall of 1825 at the remarkably young age of 16.	20 was composed in the fall of 1825 at the young age of 16.
rather than the germans, who remain unseen (apart from one exception), blackadder's nemeses come in the form of his superior, the loony general melchett (stephen fry) who rallies his troops from a french chteau thirty-five miles from the front, and his bureaucratic assistant, captain darling (tim mcinnerny).	rather than the germans, who remain unseen (apart from one exception), blackadder's nemeses come in the form of his superior, the eccentric general melchett (stephen fry) who rallies his troops from a french chteau thirty-five miles from the front, and his bureaucratic assistant, captain darling (tim mcinnerny).
paul john manafort jr. (; born april 1, 1949) is an american lobbyist, political consultant, lawyer, and felon .	paul john manafort jr. (; born april 1, 1949) is an american lobbyist, political consultant, lawyer, and convict .
a contrary claim maintains that support by peasents was strenghned, in part, due to repression committed by the peruvian government, and atrocities committed by the death squads allegedly promoted by them.	a contrary claim maintains that support by peasents was strenghned, in part, due to repression by the peruvian government, and atrocities committed by the death squads allegedly promoted by them.
most christians believe jesus to be the second person in the divine trinity, and also the messiah (greek: christos) prophesied in the old testament (or hebrew bible).	most christians believe jesus to be the second person in the trinity, and also the messiah (greek: christos) prophesied in the old testament (or hebrew bible).
another leftist writer of the era who covered the expanding prison population and attacked the prison industrial complex was christian parenti, who later disavowed the term before the publication of his book, lockdown america (2000).	another writer of the era who covered the expanding prison population and attacked the prison industrial complex was christian parenti, who later disavowed the term before the publication of his book, lockdown america (2000).
an anarchist cookbook: recipes for disaster useful direct action guide for all real anarchist activists and troublemakers everywhere, written by crimethinc.	an anarchist cookbook: recipes for disaster useful direct action guide for all anarchist activists and troublemakers everywhere, written by crimethinc.
in the second season, the show's writers introduce numerous new interesting storylines for the housewives: susan dealing with mike's quest to reclaim his newly found son zach; bree dealing with her new status as a widow; the mystery of the new residents on wisteria lane, betty applewhite (alfre woodard) and her sons matthew and caleb, the latter whom she is keeping tied up in her basement; edie's (nicollette sheridan) relationship with susan's ex-husband karl (richard burgi); lynette's struggle with her fast-track career in advertising; and a pregnant gabrielle trying to salvage her marriage from many obstacles, including a lawyer, a nun and carlos' desire to have an affair with lynette.	in the second season, the show's writers introduce numerous new storylines for the housewives: susan dealing with mike's quest to reclaim his newly found son zach; bree dealing with her new status as a widow; the mystery of the new residents on wisteria lane, betty applewhite (alfre woodard) and her sons matthew and caleb, the latter whom she is keeping tied up in her basement; edie's (nicollette sheridan) relationship with susan's ex-husband karl (richard burgi); lynette's struggle with her fast-track career in advertising; and a pregnant gabrielle trying to salvage her marriage from many obstacles, including a lawyer, a nun and carlos' desire to have an affair with lynette.
on 12 november, he was guillotined at the champs de mars, a site selected symbolically as the location of his great betrayal of the democratic movement.	on 12 november, he was guillotined at the champs de mars, a site selected symbolically as the location of his betrayal of the democratic movement.
his sculptures mix genres, mainly used with wood, representing saints or turning into totem richly decorated and filled with fascinating details.	his sculptures mix genres, mainly used with wood, representing saints or turning into totem richly decorated and filled with details.
the trilogy is based on the book the lord of the rings by j. r. r. tolkien and follows its general storyline, despite some minor deviations.	the trilogy is based on the book the lord of the rings by j. r. r. tolkien and follows its general storyline, despite some deviations.
among the various regional and national movements, the civil rights movement in the united states during the 1960s best highlighted the liberal crusade for equal rights.	among the various regional and national movements, the civil rights movement in the united states during the 1960s strongly highlighted the liberal crusade for equal rights.
on june 24 2008, the merger between polytechnic university and new york university was finally approved by the new york state regents after the vote.	on june 24 2008, the merger between polytechnic university and new york university was approved by the new york state regents after the vote.
hendrix retreated to london, where he reached out to chas chandler, eric burdon, and other friends in a renewed attempt to divorce himself from manager michael jeffery.	hendrix returned to london, where he reached out to chas chandler, eric burdon, and other friends in a renewed attempt to divorce himself from manager michael jeffery.
also around this time, pirated editions of the rv appeared with the suggestions of the american team in the main text.	also around this time, illegally copied editions of the rv appeared with the suggestions of the american team in the main text.
the detroit-windsor area, a critical commercial link straddling the canada-u.s. border, has a total population of about 5,700,000. immigration continues to play a role in the region's projected population.	the detroit-windsor area, a commercial link straddling the canada-u.s. border, has a total population of about 5,700,000. immigration continues to play a role in the region's projected population.
"hezbollah ( , meaning ""party of god"") is a shi'a islamic political and terrorist organization based in lebanon."	"hezbollah ( , meaning ""party of god"") is a shi'a islamic political and paramilitary organization based in lebanon."
during this time, she also had guest roles in a number of popular television series, including matlock, thirtysomething, quantum leap, brooklyn bridge, northern exposure, sisters, roc and touched by an angel.	during this time, she also had guest roles in a number of television series, including matlock, thirtysomething, quantum leap, brooklyn bridge, northern exposure, sisters, roc and touched by an angel.
"quayle was scathingly mentioned in the oingo boingo song ""insanity"", on their album boingo."	"quayle was mentioned in the oingo boingo song ""insanity"", on their album boingo."
comedienne alice ghostley was then approached to take over the role of gladys, which she refused to do.	comedian alice ghostley was then approached to take over the role of gladys, which she refused to do.
the september 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11) consisted of a series of coordinated suicide terrorist attacks upon the united states, predominantly targeting civilians, carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001.	the september 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11) consisted of a series of coordinated suicide attacks upon the united states, predominantly targeting civilians, carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001.
"the vit minh (abbreviated from vit nam c lp ng minh hi, english ""league for the independence of vietnam"") was a national liberation movement founded in south china on may 19, 1941 ."	"the vit minh (abbreviated from vit nam c lp ng minh hi, english ""league for the independence of vietnam"") was a national independence movement founded in south china on may 19, 1941 ."
jon d. levenson, susan nidditch and susan ackerman have speculated that at least some israelites believed child sacrifice was a legitimate part of ancient israelite religion.	jon d. levenson, susan nidditch and susan ackerman have stated that at least some israelites believed child sacrifice was a legitimate part of ancient israelite religion.
"haj as'ad hassouneh, a survivor of the death march, shared his recollection in 1996: ""the jews came and they called among the people: ""you must go."""	"haj as'ad hassouneh, a survivor of the march, shared his recollection in 1996: ""the jews came and they called among the people: ""you must go."""
phage therapy can be effective for conditions where antibiotics fail.	phage therapy can be used for conditions where antibiotics fail.
leon russom (born december 6, 1941) is an american emmy-nominated actor.	leon russom (born december 6, 1941) is an american actor.
russia's major role had been forcing native alaskans to hunt for furs, and missionary work to convert them to christianity.	russia's major role had been getting native alaskans to hunt for furs, and missionary work to convert them to christianity.
patriarchal order of the holy cross of jerusalem, a knightly order conferred by the uniate melkite catholic church.	patriarchal order of the holy cross of jerusalem, a knightly order conferred by the melkite catholic church.
made by man to swim in.	made by human beings to swim in.
there is much debate on the relationship between the jawless fishes.	there is debate on the relationship between the jawless fishes.
in july, 2009, the nations largest public pension fund has filed suit in california state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by wildly inaccurate credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.	in july, 2009, the usas largest public pension fund has filed suit in california state court in connection with $1 billion in losses that it says were caused by wildly inaccurate credit ratings from the three leading ratings agencies.
melinda french gates, (ne melinda ann french; august 15, 1964) is an american businesswoman and philanthropist.	melinda french gates, (ne melinda ann french; august 15, 1964) is an american businessperson and philanthropist.
he now coaches premier youth league teams such as sydney olympic in the hope of sending yet another australian player overseas including his very talented son james kalantzis who is currently 18 years of age.	he now coaches premier youth league teams such as sydney olympic in the hope of sending yet another australian player overseas including his talented son james kalantzis who is currently 18 years of age.
he disagrees with the popular misconceived view that texting will lead to low literacy and bad spelling among children based on a series of research and experiments undertaken.	he disagrees with the popular view that texting will lead to low literacy and bad spelling among children based on a series of research and experiments undertaken.
edward s. lampert (born july 19, 1962 ), commonly known as eddie lampert, is a wealthy jewish- american investor and businessman.	edward s. lampert (born july 19, 1962 ), commonly known as eddie lampert, is a wealthy american investor and businessman.
begala was also a paid panderer in the service of mortgage lender freddie mac, an arrangement that ended in september 2008.	begala was also a paid consultant in the service of mortgage lender freddie mac, an arrangement that ended in september 2008.
non-slave states might join, but the radicals secured a two-thirds hurdle for them.	"non-slave states might join, but the ""fire-eater"" faction secured a two-thirds hurdle for them."
the archipelago's virtual isolation from most of mankind's unwholesome influence on the natural environment has given the islands and the surrounding waters of the andaman sea a great diversity of flora and fauna, contributing to the region's growing popularity as a diving destination.	the archipelago's virtual isolation from most of mankind's influence on the natural environment has given the islands and the surrounding waters of the andaman sea a great diversity of flora and fauna, contributing to the region's growing popularity as a diving destination.
lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) prisoners often face additional challenges compared to normal heterosexual prisoners.	lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) prisoners often face additional challenges compared to heterosexual prisoners.
2 may the scotsman reports that glasgow comedienne susan calman has spoken out after she received death threats following her attempt to lampoon the scottish independence debate on a recent edition of radio 4's the news quiz.	2 may the scotsman reports that glasgow comedian susan calman has spoken out after she received death threats following her attempt to lampoon the scottish independence debate on a recent edition of radio 4's the news quiz.
2-d is depicted surrounded by many sinful distractions, but as he gazes out the dusty, barred windows, all he appears to want is to be free and join noodle on her floating island.	2-d is depicted surrounded by many distractions, but as he gazes out the dusty, barred windows, all he appears to want is to be free and join noodle on her floating island.
on october 18 2007, the yankees shockingly announced that joe torre would not be returning to the yankees for the 2008 season.	on october 18 2007, the yankees announced that joe torre would not be returning to the yankees for the 2008 season.
in 2017 burke met with the right-wing italian nationalist, matteo salvini, head of italy's northern league and an outspoken opponent of pope francis on immigration and dialogue with muslims.	in 2017 burke met with the right-wing italian nationalist, matteo salvini, head of italy's northern league and an opponent of pope francis on immigration and dialogue with muslims.
jeannie carson (born 23 may 1928) is a retired english-born comedienne , actress, singer and dancer.	jeannie carson (born 23 may 1928) is a retired english-born comedian , actress, singer and dancer.
this, too, fell through courtesy of the declining sales.	this, too, fell through because of the declining sales.
he had fought with distinction in the civil war of the united states, and the uk government was determined to deter other skilled military leaders from enlisting with terrorists .	he had fought with distinction in the civil war of the united states, and the uk government was determined to deter other skilled military leaders from enlisting with revolutionaries .
publishers in scotland, in the 1730's, began to reprint titles that they no longer considered to be protected by copyright.	publishers in scotland, in the 1730's, began to reprint titles that they no longer considered to be covered by copyright.
"christian apologetics (, ""verbal defence, speech in defence"") is a field of christian theology that presents historical, reasoned, and evidential bases for christianity, defending it against objections."	"christian apologetics (, ""verbal defence, speech in defence"") is a field of christian theology that aims to present historical, reasoned, and evidential bases for christianity, defending it against objections."
the armenian hypothesis argues for the latest possible date of proto-indo-european (sans anatolian), a full millennium later than the mainstream kurgan hypothesis.	the armenian hypothesis argues for the latest possible date of proto-indo-european (sans anatolian), a full millennium later than the kurgan hypothesis.
"having an ancient history of their own, first nations ""written"" history begins with the encroachment of europeans onto the continent,"	"having an ancient history of their own, first nations ""written"" history begins with the arrival of europeans onto the continent,"
patten (stylised as 'patten') is a visionary musician and producer.	patten (stylised as 'patten') is a musician and producer.
"heston giving his infamous speech, when responding to opposition to the right to bear arms, he proclaimed they would have to ""pry it from my cold, dead hands""."	"heston giving his well-known speech, when responding to opposition to the right to bear arms, he proclaimed they would have to ""pry it from my cold, dead hands""."
the reaction is non - toxic and skin safe , without the damage associated with uv exposure.	the reaction is non - toxic and skin safe , without the potential risks associated with uv exposure.
julia fischer (born ) is a great german violinist.	julia fischer (born ) is a german violinist.
impeachment is a rare term that can be horribly misunderstood.	impeachment is a rare term that can be misunderstood.
he was only 54 years old.	he was 54 years old.
it depicts the well-known moment in the show's opening credits where mary joyfully throws her tam o'shanter cap in the air, in a freeze-frame at the end of the montage.	it depicts the well-known moment in the show's opening credits where mary throws her tam o'shanter cap in the air, in a freeze-frame at the end of the montage.
"central to fomenko's new chronology is his invention of a vast slav-turk empire, which he called the ""russian horde"", that played the dominant role in eurasian history before the 17th century."	"central to fomenko's new chronology is his claim of the existence of a vast slav-turk empire, which he called the ""russian horde"", that played the dominant role in eurasian history before the 17th century."
scholarship since that time has disproved bultmann's theory, but in biblical and theological discussions, term kerygma has come to denote the irreducible essence of christian apostolic preaching.	scholarship since that time has problematized bultmann's theory, but in biblical and theological discussions, term kerygma has come to denote the irreducible essence of christian apostolic preaching.
"insulted, he publicly vented his outrage, infamously declaring, ""i have a family to feed."""	"insulted, he publicly vented his outrage, declaring, ""i have a family to feed."""
udo voigt and american white supremacist david duke	udo voigt and american white nationalist david duke
the scum manifesto (society for cutting up men) is a feminazi tract written in 1968 by valerie solanas that calls for the gendercide of men.	the scum manifesto (society for cutting up men) is a feminist tract written in 1968 by valerie solanas that calls for the gendercide of men.
brukman is a textile factory in balvanera, buenos aires, argentina, which became notorious as the first recovered factory in this country.	brukman is a textile factory in balvanera, buenos aires, argentina, which became to attention as the first recovered factory in this country.
one of the most prominent chinese film stars of the 1930s, her tragic death at the age of 24 led her to become an icon of chinese cinema.	one of the most prominent chinese film stars of the 1930s, her death at the age of 24 led her to become an icon of chinese cinema.
during the indian rebellion of 1857 ( better known as the indian mutiny) mujra performances provided an opportunity for mutineers to meet and many tawaif were also actively involved in the movement.	during the indian rebellion of 1857 ( also known as the indian mutiny) mujra performances provided an opportunity for mutineers to meet and many tawaif were also actively involved in the movement.
origins received many positive reviews from critics, who praised the story, characters, voice acting, reworked gameplay-systems, immersive world of egypt and the visuals, while criticizing some of the pacing and technical issues.	origins received positive reviews from critics, who praised the story, characters, voice acting, reworked gameplay-systems, immersive world of egypt and the visuals, while criticizing some of the pacing and technical issues.
the swaminarayan mantra is the main mantra of the swaminarayan sect .	the swaminarayan mantra is the main mantra of the swaminarayan faith .
"dennis ""den"" watts is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by actor leslie grantham."	"dennis ""den"" watts is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by actor leslie grantham."
though hendrik mbus pretends euronymous, the figurehead in the norwegian black metal circle, wanted to sign absurd after hearing their second demo death from the forest, this claim is neither founded nor plausible.	though hendrik mbus claims euronymous, the figurehead in the norwegian black metal circle, wanted to sign absurd after hearing their second demo death from the forest, this claim is neither founded nor plausible.
"in response to georgia's accusations that russia was sending its so-called peacemaking troops to sukhumi, russian lieutenant colonel yevgeni morenko, head of the collective peacemaking forces in the region, told journalists on 12 november that only two armored troop-carriers were sent to abkhazia's capital, ""for better protection of the peacemaking headquarters""."	"in response to georgia's accusations that russia was sending its allegedly peacemaking troops to sukhumi, russian lieutenant colonel yevgeni morenko, head of the collective peacemaking forces in the region, told journalists on 12 november that only two armored troop-carriers were sent to abkhazia's capital, ""for better protection of the peacemaking headquarters""."
this is the system used in the united kingdom, where the independent boundary commissions determine the boundaries for constituencies in the house of commons and regional legislatures, subject to ratification by the body in question (almost always granted without debate).	this is the system used in the united kingdom, where the independent boundary commissions determine the boundaries for constituencies in the house of commons and the ppdevolution in the united kingdom|devolved legislatures , subject to ratification by the body in question (almost always granted without debate).
political correctness or political correctitude (adjectivally, politically correct; both forms commonly abbreviated to pc) is the attitude or policy of being excessively careful not to offend or upset any group of people in society who have a disadvantage.	political correctness or political correctitude (adjectivally, politically correct; both forms commonly abbreviated to pc) is the attitude or policy of being careful not to offend or upset any group of people in society who have a disadvantage.
grand theft auto iv received near-universal acclaim from video game critics.	grand theft auto iv received highly positive acclaim from video game critics.
a peacock displays to puzzled male red kangaroo, 2007.	a peacock displays to male red kangaroo, 2007.
two miles into the hike the little belknap trail veers up and to the east towards a small summit with a spectacular view of the three sisters and the mckenzie pass lava flows.	two miles into the hike the little belknap trail veers up and to the east towards a small summit with a view of the three sisters and the mckenzie pass lava flows.
he has also claimed that members of the bush family perform human sacrifices and drink human blood; that henry kissinger rapes young men ; and that queen elizabeth ii is a satanist.	he has also claimed that members of the bush family perform human sacrifices and drink human blood; that henry kissinger rapes young children ; and that queen elizabeth ii is a satanist.
palestinian boys throw stones at israeli occupation forces in the west bank town of hebron, november 2000.	palestinian boys throw stones at israeli forces in the west bank town of hebron, november 2000.
the creature went into a stupor, and was unfortunately killed during revival efforts.	the creature went into a stupor, and was killed during revival efforts.
the minority liberal party then became the main opposition to mormonism in utah, founded in part to oppose brigham young's autocratic opposition to industrial mining in utah.	the minority liberal party then became the main opposition to mormonism in utah, founded in part to oppose brigham young's opposition to industrial mining in utah.
he died tragically in 1981 while spending a sabbatical period at stanford university, california.	he died in 1981 while spending a sabbatical period at stanford university, california.
every year, dozens of northwood students receive prestigious academic awards, such as scholarships from the national merit scholarship program, and the school consistently sends a disproportionately large number of students to nationally acclaimed universities, including ucla, nyu, stanford, the ivy league schools, as well as many other uc and csu campuses.	every year, dozens of northwood students receive prestigious academic awards, such as scholarships from the national merit scholarship program, and the school consistently sends a large number of students to nationally acclaimed universities, including ucla, nyu, stanford, the ivy league schools, as well as many other uc and csu campuses.
in august 2003, nearly 13 years after her death, he married sometime- actress victoria scott d'angelo, 36 years his junior.	in august 2003, nearly 13 years after her death, he married actress victoria scott d'angelo, 36 years his junior.
currently (18 feb 2007), the film holds a certified 'fresh' rating of 85% on the movie review site rotten tomatoes; metacritic.com says it has generally favourable reviews and rates it at 74/100 while the users at imdb.com rate it at only 7.1/10 (552 votes).	currently (18 feb 2007), the film holds a certified 'fresh' rating of 85% on the movie review site rotten tomatoes; metacritic.com says it has generally favourable reviews and rates it at 74/100 while the users at imdb.com rate it at 7.1/10 (552 votes).
his christian science beliefs limited the amount of medical assistance that kinnick allowed himself to receive from the team doctors, knowing that his injury could be overcome by his reliance on prayer for healing.	his christian science beliefs limited the amount of medical assistance that kinnick allowed himself to receive from the team doctors, believing that his injury could be overcome by his reliance on prayer for healing.
clearcuts mar many slopes and most all the remaining forest is in varying stages of recovery and regrowth.	clearcuts are present on many slopes and most all the remaining forest is in varying stages of recovery and regrowth.
harbi was killed in a plane crash two years later, and hassan gouled aptidon, a french-groomed somali who campaigned for a yes vote in the referendum of 1958, eventually wound up as djibouti's first president post-independence (19771991).	harbi was killed in a plane crash two years later, and hassan gouled aptidon, a somali who campaigned for a yes vote in the referendum of 1958, eventually wound up as djibouti's first president post-independence (19771991).
"some have tried to salvage a measure of historicity through the concept of ""collective memory"": the memory of egyptian oppression, for example, may be based on the harsh treatment of canaanites inside canaan during those centuries in the 2nd millennium when the region was ruled by egypt: these memories could later have been transferred to egypt itself, and a new exodus story created."	"some have tried to maintain a measure of historicity through the concept of ""collective memory"": the memory of egyptian oppression, for example, may be based on the harsh treatment of canaanites inside canaan during those centuries in the 2nd millennium when the region was ruled by egypt: these memories could later have been transferred to egypt itself, and a new exodus story created."
it is a point of local pride that the stone for the magnificent building came from there.	it is a point of local pride that the stone for the empire state building came from there.
the performance included a range of world-class saves as well as a penalty save against michael carrick.	the performance included a range of saves as well as a penalty save against michael carrick.
joseph raymond mccarthy (november 14, 1908 may 2, 1957) was a republican u.s. senator from the state of wisconsin between 1947 and 1957. beginning in 1950, mccarthy became the most visible public face of a period of extreme anti-communist suspicion inspired by the tensions of the cold war.	joseph raymond mccarthy (november 14, 1908 may 2, 1957) was a republican u.s. senator from the state of wisconsin between 1947 and 1957. beginning in 1950, mccarthy became the most visible public face of a period of anti-communist suspicion inspired by the tensions of the cold war.
lead singer toren atkinson co-hosted popular science/comedy podcast caustic soda, found at causticsodapodcast.com.	lead singer toren atkinson co-hosted science/comedy podcast caustic soda, found at causticsodapodcast.com.
fights renewed on october 18. meanwhile 20 war aeroplanes and 13th cavalry regiment under command of col. butkiewitcz was transferred from poland to support new puppet- state.	fights renewed on october 18. meanwhile 20 war aeroplanes and 13th cavalry regiment under command of col. butkiewitcz was transferred from poland to support new state.
"roald jensen nicknamed ""kniksen"", (13 january 1943 6 october 1987) from bergen was one of norway's best-ever football players."	"roald jensen nicknamed ""kniksen"", (13 january 1943 6 october 1987) from bergen was one of norway's most celebrated football players."
regular contributors include jeremy clarkson, bob geldof, a. a. gill, tony hawks, simon hoggart, rory mcgrath, bill nighy, matthew parris, the late great john peel, will self, arthur smith, rick stein and rick wakeman.	regular contributors include jeremy clarkson, bob geldof, a. a. gill, tony hawks, simon hoggart, rory mcgrath, bill nighy, matthew parris, the late john peel, will self, arthur smith, rick stein and rick wakeman.
the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to certain social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.	the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to progressive social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.
the series details the life of mitchell hundred (aka the great machine), the world's first and only superhero, who, in the wake of his heroic actions on 9/11, is elected mayor of new york city.	the series details the life of mitchell hundred (aka the great machine), the world's first and only superhero, who, in the wake of his actions on 9/11, is elected mayor of new york city.
yehuda joshua glick (; born 20 november 1965) is an american-born israeli rabbi and political activist who campaigns for expanding jewish access to the temple mount.	yehuda joshua glick (; born 20 november 1965) is an american-born israeli rabbi and religious rights activist who campaigns for expanding jewish access to the temple mount.
it is in close proximity, within 1.5 hours drive, to many other major university campuses — appalachian state, duke, elon, nc state, unc-chapel hill, unc-charlotte, high point university and unc-greensboro.	it is in close proximity, within 1.5 hours drive, to many other university campuses — appalachian state, duke, elon, nc state, unc-chapel hill, unc-charlotte, high point university and unc-greensboro.
13th century tomb of a sufi , mahan, kerman province.	13th century tomb of a persian poet , mahan, kerman province.
banda was never married and therefore cecilia kadzamira served in this important capacity for the nation.	banda was never married and therefore cecilia kadzamira served in this capacity for the nation.
usc defeated oklahoma, 55-19. utah won their bcs game easily as did auburn, who domnitated virginia tech until the closing minutes of the game and only came out with a three point victory, leaving 3 undefeated teams at season's end.	usc thrashed oklahoma, 55-19. utah won their bcs game easily as did auburn, who domnitated virginia tech until the closing minutes of the game and only came out with a three point victory, leaving 3 undefeated teams at season's end.
the site in its current incarnation is infamous for derisively mocking political figures its writers personally dislike, including maliciously attacking their families and small children.	the site in its current incarnation is infamous for derisively mocking political figures its writers personally dislike, including maliciously attacking their families and children.
he also made valuable contributions to the history of economic thought.	he also made contributions to the history of economic thought.
serb nationalists showed their support for mladic in the republika srpska entity of bosnia and herzegovina in pale, the administrative centre of republika srpska during the bosnian war, and in the former capital of banja luka.	serb demonstrators showed their support for mladic in the republika srpska entity of bosnia and herzegovina in pale, the administrative centre of republika srpska during the bosnian war, and in the former capital of banja luka.
he would send letters or publish articles, wait for responses, engage the writers in further correspondences, collect all these writings together and pointed out their contradictions.	he would send letters or publish articles, wait for responses, engage the writers in further correspondences, collect all these writings together and pointed out what he considered contradictions.
it further claims that the new york times treats israel with a harsher standard and omits context.	it further says that the new york times treats israel with a harsher standard and omits context.
brown came under critiscm from the media for a disgraceful two footed lunge on manchester united player ryan giggs, however as brown was booked for the incident no further action could be taken.	brown came under critiscm from the media for a two footed lunge on manchester united player ryan giggs, however as brown was booked for the incident no further action could be taken.
the most frequently cited reason suggested for these actions was to punish fort lee mayor mark sokolich, a democrat, for not supporting republican chris christie in the 2013 new jersey gubernatorial election.	the most frequently cited hypothesis suggested for these actions was to punish fort lee mayor mark sokolich, a democrat, for not supporting republican chris christie in the 2013 new jersey gubernatorial election.
david hackett fischer makes a strong case for the theory that the united states is made up today of four distinct regional cultures.	david hackett fischer makes a case for the theory that the united states is made up today of four distinct regional cultures.
the other scientist, dan, later discovers the miscarriage was the cause of nola's death, and that robert, nola's husband in real life, never forgave himself for her passing ; robert had died of a broken heart soon after.	the other scientist, dan, later discovers the miscarriage was the cause of nola's death, and that robert, nola's husband in real life, never forgave himself for her death ; robert had died of a broken heart soon after.
ella fitzgerald sang and recorded this song many times, a wonderful rendition can be found on her verve release: whisper not.	ella fitzgerald sang and recorded this song many times, a rendition can be found on her verve release: whisper not.
a serious revolt then broke out in the sudan, led by a muslim reformer and self-proclaimed mahdi, muhammad ahmad.	a serious revolt then broke out in the sudan, led by a muslim religious leader and self-proclaimed mahdi, muhammad ahmad.
u.s. intelligence conclusions	u.s. intelligence analysis
jessica michalik was a teenage girl who was unfortunately crushed to death in the mosh pit at the 2001 sydney big day out festival.	jessica michalik was a teenage girl who was crushed to death in the mosh pit at the 2001 sydney big day out festival.
georgian ecclesiastic art is one of the most fascinating aspects of georgian christian architecture, which combines classical dome style with original basilica style forming what is known as the georgian cross-dome style.	georgian ecclesiastic art is one of the most notable aspects of georgian christian architecture, which combines classical dome style with original basilica style forming what is known as the georgian cross-dome style.
since it depends somewhat on the subjective preferences of mankind , this duty is not as strong as a perfect duty, but it is still morally binding.	since it depends somewhat on the subjective preferences of humankind , this duty is not as strong as a perfect duty, but it is still morally binding.
psychefunkapus was a pioneering thrash funk band from the san francisco bay area that released two albums for atlantic records in the early nineties.	psychefunkapus was a thrash funk band from the san francisco bay area that released two albums for atlantic records in the early nineties.
parallels have also been drawn between aspects of south africa's apartheid regime and certain israeli policies toward the palestinians, which are seen as manifestations of racism in zionist thinking.	parallels have also been claimed by some between aspects of south africa's apartheid regime and certain israeli policies toward the palestinians, which are seen as manifestations of racism in zionist thinking.
the despicable 1995 murder of stephanie kuhen in los angeles, california lead to condemnation from bill clinton, the president of the united states, and a crackdown on los angeles-area gangs.	the 1995 murder of stephanie kuhen in los angeles, california lead to condemnation from bill clinton, the president of the united states, and a crackdown on los angeles-area gangs.
she was a noted theater actor and comedienne in vaudeville until the 1930s (appearing in sketches including in 1999), when she moved to hollywood to try her luck with films.	she was a noted theater actor and comedian in vaudeville until the 1930s (appearing in sketches including in 1999), when she moved to hollywood to try her luck with films.
"he is a prominent film historian and documentary film maker who has ""added a great deal to our knowledge of early cinema with his writings and his filmmaking."""	"he is a film historian and documentary film maker who has ""added a great deal to our knowledge of early cinema with his writings and his filmmaking."""
leslie louise van houten (born august 23, 1949) is an american convict serving a life sentence for murder in relation to the 1969 killings of leno and rosemary labianca, when van houten was 19 years old.	leslie louise van houten (born august 23, 1949) is an american prisoner serving a life sentence for murder in relation to the 1969 killings of leno and rosemary labianca, when van houten was 19 years old.
"the show mainly revolves around alana ""honey boo boo"" thompson and ""mama"" june shannon and their family's adventures in the southern redneck town of mcintyre, georgia."	"the show mainly revolves around alana ""honey boo boo"" thompson and ""mama"" june shannon and their family's adventures in the southern town of mcintyre, georgia."
in 300 a.d., the blessed virgin mary was worshipped as a mother goddess in the heretical christian sect collyridianism, which was found throughout saudi arabia.	in 300 a.d., the blessed virgin mary was worshipped as a mother goddess in the christian sect collyridianism, which was found throughout saudi arabia.
upon its release, katy hudson received positive reviews from music critics, who praised her songwriting and deemed her a talent due to her voice, though others dismissed the album's music for being overproduced.	upon its release, katy hudson received positive reviews from music critics, who praised her songwriting and deemed her a talent due to her voice, though others critiqued the album's music for being overproduced.
visa pour l'amour, a vehicle for two of paris's biggest musical comedy stars, the tenor luis mariano and the comedienne annie cordy, was a 2-act oprette gaie with music by lopez and a book by vincy.	visa pour l'amour, a vehicle for two of paris's biggest musical comedy stars, the tenor luis mariano and the comedian annie cordy, was a 2-act oprette gaie with music by lopez and a book by vincy.
a title, or a right of ownership, establishes the relation between the property and other persons, assuring the owner the right to dispose of the property as he sees fit.	a title, or a right of ownership, establishes the relation between the property and other persons, assuring the owner the right to dispose of the property as the owner sees fit.
the movement for a better hungary (jobbik magyarorszgrt mozgalom) is a radical right-wing political party in hungary, led by gbor vona.	the movement for a better hungary (jobbik magyarorszgrt mozgalom) is a right-wing political party in hungary, led by gbor vona.
eggs are laid by females of many different species, including birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish, and have been eaten by mankind for thousands of years.	eggs are laid by females of many different species, including birds, reptiles, amphibians, and fish, and have been eaten by humans for thousands of years.
tresor is an infamous underground techno club and record label located in the eastern part of berlin, germany.	tresor is an underground techno club and record label located in the eastern part of berlin, germany.
michael's father, also called michael collins, was a member of the fenian guerrillas when he was younger, but had left the movement and settled down to farming.	michael's father, also called michael collins, was a member of the fenian movement when he was younger, but had left the movement and settled down to farming.
he wrote a 120 page report into the children's interviews and detailed many interviewing errors.	he wrote a 120 page report into the children's interviews for ellis' second court of appeal hearing in which he detailed many interviewing errors.
he makes regular appearances on canada am , etalk, ctv news, the marilyn denis show, cp24, and chum radio, and has appeared on strombo .	he makes regular appearances on canada am , etalk, ctv news, the marilyn denis show, cp24, and chum radio, and has appeared on george stroumboulopoulos tonight .
he had a privileged childhood in rome, where he was brought up catholic in a loving but argumentative family, who imagined themselves to be the legitimate heirs to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland (according to the mythical jacobite succession) and staunchly believed in the divine right of kings.	he had a privileged childhood in rome, where he was brought up catholic in a loving but argumentative family, who imagined themselves to be the legitimate heirs to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland (according to the hypothetical and propagandist jacobite succession) and staunchly believed in the divine right of kings.
"extreme pornography is a term introduced by the uk government in part 5, section 63 of the criminal justice and immigration act 2008, which made possession of such images a crime from 26 january 2009. it refers to pornography, defined as an image ""of such a nature that it must reasonably be assumed to have been produced solely or principally for the purpose of sexual arousal"", which is ""grossly offensive, disgusting or otherwise of an obscene character"", and portrays any of the following:"	"extreme pornography is a term introduced by the uk government in part 5, section 63 of the criminal justice and immigration act 2008, which made possession of such images a criminal offence from 26 january 2009. it refers to pornography, defined as an image ""of such a nature that it must reasonably be assumed to have been produced solely or principally for the purpose of sexual arousal"", which is ""grossly offensive, disgusting or otherwise of an obscene character"", and portrays any of the following:"
in 1997, swedish slavicist anders sjberg proved this usage to be a transcription error from the swedish pir ofeigr, a priest also well known as a rune carver, into old russian.	in 1997, swedish slavicist anders sjberg suggested this usage to be a transcription error from the swedish pir ofeigr, a priest also well known as a rune carver, into old russian.
they argued that the northern ireland state was neither legitimate nor democratic, but created with a deliberately gerrymandered unionist majority.	they argued that the northern ireland polity was neither legitimate nor democratic, but created with a deliberately gerrymandered unionist majority.
he often talks of what a shame it is to use such great resources (such as the internet) for such vile material.	he often talks of what a shame it is to use such great resources (such as the internet) for such material.
jan mashiani was a south african track and field athlete who competed in the disastrous 1904 summer olympics in the marathon.	jan mashiani was a south african track and field athlete who competed in the 1904 summer olympics in the marathon.
"he notably gave the norwegian broadcasting corporation, abbreviated nrk, the nickname ""ark"", a pun meant to be understood as the ""labour party broadcasting corporation,"" stating the norwegian broadcasting corporation, and other media, to be largely unfavorable of the progress party."	"he gave the norwegian broadcasting corporation, abbreviated nrk, the nickname ""ark"", a pun meant to be understood as the ""labour party broadcasting corporation,"" stating the norwegian broadcasting corporation, and other media, to be largely unfavorable of the progress party."
"the talmud (hebrew: ""instruction, learning"", from a root ""teach, study"") is a central text of mainstream judaism, considered second to the torah."	"the talmud (hebrew: ""instruction, learning"", from a root ""teach, study"") is a central text of rabbinic judaism, considered second to the torah."
"counter-protests were held by police supporters, with some counter-protesters wearing ""i can breathe"" t-shirts, mocking eric garner's last words."	"counter-protests were held by police supporters, with some counter-protesters wearing ""i can breathe"" t-shirts, in contrast to eric garner's last words."
ogrish.com typically receives between 150,000 and 200,000 unique visitors per day, however during times of bad news, the number of visitors can reach up to 750,000 per day.	ogrish.com typically receives between 150,000 and 200,000 visitors per day, however during times of bad news, the number of visitors can reach up to 750,000 per day.
originally catering to roman catholic constituencies, the ifctu was designed to provide an alternative to the anti-religious trade unions in europe at the time, basing its foundation on the rerum novarum and the quadragesimo anno.	originally catering to roman catholic constituencies, the ifctu was designed to provide an alternative to the secular trade unions in europe at the time, basing its foundation on the rerum novarum and the quadragesimo anno.
between 1946 and 1955, the team appeared in 10 straight championship games and won seven, putting together one of pro football's great dynasties.	between 1946 and 1955, the team appeared in 10 straight championship games and won seven, putting together one of pro football's longest-running dynasties.
"bell was merely the first to patent the telephone, an ""apparatus for transmitting vocal or other sounds telegraphically"", 16 years after antonio meucci, who did not have sufficient funds to file a patent, demonstrated his ""teletrofono"" in new york in 1860."	"bell was the first to patent the telephone, an ""apparatus for transmitting vocal or other sounds telegraphically"", 16 years after antonio meucci, who did not have sufficient funds to file a patent, demonstrated his ""teletrofono"" in new york in 1860."
his most memorable moment occurred on april 29 1983, during his tenure as the cubs' manager, when he lashed out in a profanity-laced tirade directed at the fans at wrigley field.	his most remembered moment occurred on april 29 1983, during his tenure as the cubs' manager, when he lashed out in a profanity-laced tirade directed at the fans at wrigley field.
"while some major north american chains push dark roasts as their espresso roasts, some of the winning blends used in the world barista championship have been what is classified as a medium, ""city"", or ""full city"" roast, with little or no visible surface oil on the beans."	"while some major north american chains claim dark roasts as their espresso roasts , some of the winning blends used in the world barista championship have been what is classified as a medium, ""city"", or ""full city"" roast, with little or no visible surface oil on the beans."
burgos was once the capital of the crown of castile, and the infamous burgos laws or leyes de burgos which first governed the behaviour of spaniards towards the natives of the americas were promulgated here in 1512.	burgos was once the capital of the crown of castile, and the burgos laws or leyes de burgos which first governed the behaviour of spaniards towards the natives of the americas were promulgated here in 1512.
in the abysmal years following the october revolution, ivanov concentrated on his scholarly work and completed a treatise on dionysus and early dionysianism (1921), which earned him a ph.d. degree in philology.	in the years following the october revolution, ivanov concentrated on his scholarly work and completed a treatise on dionysus and early dionysianism (1921), which earned him a ph.d. degree in philology.
kattabomman is today recognised by the government as one of the earliest freedom fighters opposing the british and has been hailed as the inspiration behind the first battle of independence of 1857, which the british called the sepoy mutiny.	kattabomman is today recognised by the government as one of the earliest independence fighters opposing the british and has been hailed as the inspiration behind the first battle of independence of 1857, which the british called the sepoy mutiny.
she was chairman and minister of defense of the violent black panther party for several years toward the end of the party's existence, from 1974-1977. she took control of the party following the exile of huey p. newton, who was wanted by us police on numerous felony counts.	she was chairman and minister of defense of the black panther party for several years toward the end of the party's existence, from 1974-1977. she took control of the party following the exile of huey p. newton, who was wanted by us police on numerous felony counts.
elderly is best known as a premier repair shop for fretted instruments, as one of the larger vintage instrument dealers in the united states, and as a large dealer of martin guitars in particular.	elderly is best known as a repair shop for fretted instruments, as one of the larger vintage instrument dealers in the united states, and as a large dealer of martin guitars in particular.
another such story began 1998 and involves the construction of a wal-mart off of charlotte pike near nashville, tn .	another such story began 1998 and involves the construction of a wal-mart off of charlotte pike near nashville, tennessee .
these statements are certainly controversial and have been fiercely rebutted by academics such as john griffith and martin loughlin, both professors at the london school of economics.	these statements are certainly controversial and have been fiercely contested by academics such as john griffith and martin loughlin, both professors at the london school of economics.
amherst college is a private, independent, elite liberal arts college in amherst, massachusetts, usa.	amherst college is a private, independent, highly selective liberal arts college in amherst, massachusetts, usa.
"slipknot is an american heavy metal band from des moines, iowa, formed in 1995. for the greater part of their tenure the band consisted of nine members, however the death of bassist paul gray in may 2010, has left the band with only eight remaming memberssid wilson, joey jordison, chris fehn, jim root, craig jones, shawn ""clown"" crahan, mick thomson, and corey tayloreach of whom is known for wearing grotesque masks ."	"slipknot is an american heavy metal band from des moines, iowa, formed in 1995. for the greater part of their tenure the band consisted of nine members, however the death of bassist paul gray in may 2010, has left the band with only eight remaming memberssid wilson, joey jordison, chris fehn, jim root, craig jones, shawn ""clown"" crahan, mick thomson, and corey tayloreach of whom is known for wearing masks ."
a critique of kelley's movement by leonard peikoff, founder of the ayn rand institute and ayn rand's intellectual heir	a critique of kelley's movement by leonard peikoff, founder of the ayn rand institute and ayn rand's heir
but whereas arthur could not bring himself to believe in fairies, polly, as the tone of her letter suggests, supported her daughter and acknowledged the existence of nature spirits.	but whereas arthur could not bring himself to believe in fairies, polly, as the tone of her letter suggests, supported her daughter and professed belief in the existence of nature spirits.
many puerto ricans who live in the mainland are considered to be more bilingual than those reared on the island iteself.	many puerto ricans who live in the united states are considered to be more bilingual than those reared on the island iteself.
many of the muslim brotherhood's leading members in the u.s. have been imprisoned and some of its organizations shut down or named as unindicted co-conspirators for helping fund terrorist organizations and activities.	some of the muslim brotherhood's leading members in the u.s. have been imprisoned and some of its organizations shut down or named as unindicted co-conspirators for helping fund terrorist organizations and activities.
michael moore hates america is a documentary film directed by mike wilson that criticizes the prominent left-wing political film director and author michael moore.	michael moore hates america is a documentary film directed by mike wilson that criticizes the prominent political film director and author michael moore.
the tanimbar corella, cacatua goffiniana, previously known as goffin's cockatoo, is a species of cockatoo endemic to forests of the banda sea islands in indonesia, with introduced populations in puerto rico and singapore.	the tanimbar corella, cacatua goffiniana, also known as goffin's cockatoo, is a species of cockatoo endemic to forests of the banda sea islands in indonesia, with introduced populations in puerto rico and singapore.
the documents released contained an affidavit stating that adam lanza spent significant amounts of time at home playing the violent video game call of duty.	the documents released contained an affidavit stating that adam lanza spent significant amounts of time at home playing the video game call of duty.
she eventually went to the university of california, san diego for her ph.d., did post-doctoral work at the university of cambridge, and was a scientist at the basel institute for immunology before coming to the national institutes of health in bethesda, maryland.	she eventually went to the university of california, san diego for her ph.d., did post-doctoral work at the university of cambridge, and was a scientist at the basel institute for immunology before heading to the national institutes of health in bethesda, maryland.
falcon lodge is the shitty area of sutton coldfield, birmingham, west midlands covered in predominantly council houses forming the falcon lodge estate.	falcon lodge is the area of sutton coldfield, birmingham, west midlands covered in predominantly council houses forming the falcon lodge estate.
finally, hamas, which felt less pressure after the disengagement, went on to win the 2006 palestinian legislative elections, and the conflicts originates from this group's coup of 2007 as a stage for the periodic confrontations.	finally, hamas, which felt less pressure after the disengagement, went on to win the 2006 palestinian legislative elections, and the conflicts' directly originate from this group's coup of 2007 as a stage for the periodic confrontations.
"however, they do not attract sufficient support to govern without the help of smaller parties such as shas, a mizrahi haredi party which represents the mizrahi jews, has a network of religious schools, and supports social spending; shinui, a secularist party that sees itself representing israel's middle class and a foe of religious (particularly haredi) parties, and works to reduce social spending; the national union party, a far-right party advocating ""transfer"" of palestinian refugees to resettle in arab countries; the mafdal - the national religious party, affiliated with religious extreme zionists (kipot srugot); and yachad (former meretz), a social-democratic party which is supportive of the palestinian cause."	"however, they do not attract sufficient support to govern without the help of smaller parties such as shas, a mizrahi haredi party which represents the mizrahi jews, has a network of religious schools, and supports social spending; shinui, a secularist party that sees itself representing israel's middle class and a foe of religious (particularly haredi) parties, and works to reduce social spending; the national union party, a far-right party advocating ""transfer"" of palestinian refugees to resettle in arab countries; the mafdal - the national religious party, affiliated with religious zionists (kipot srugot); and yachad (former meretz), a social-democratic party which is supportive of the palestinian cause."
he was the son of count william ii (1227-1256), who was elected king of the romans of the holy roman empire in 1248, and was murdered in 1256 by frisians when floris was just two years old.	he was the son of count william ii (1227-1256), who was elected king of the romans of the holy roman empire in 1248, and was slain in 1256 by frisians when floris was just two years old.
premiere live musician astrin few publicly posted a stern warning of intent to leave the system if host company linden lab did not pay more attention to customer needs.	live musician astrin few publicly posted a stern warning of intent to leave the system if host company linden lab did not pay more attention to customer needs.
she is an alumnus of the elitist cole normale suprieure de fontenaysaint-cloud, she received an agrgation in classic literature.	she is an alumnus of the elite cole normale suprieure de fontenaysaint-cloud, she received an agrgation in classic literature.
luis ernesto ramos yordan (born february 2, 1915) was a prominent puerto rican physician, legislator, and president of the house of representatives of puerto rico from 1973 to 1977.	luis ernesto ramos yordan (born february 2, 1915) was a puerto rican physician, legislator, and president of the house of representatives of puerto rico from 1973 to 1977.
nineteenth-century metal plates in the latter day saint tradition	additional metal plates in the latter day saint tradition
"style=""background: #dddddd;"" | popular remote administration software"	"style=""background: #dddddd;"" | remote administration software"
"later, bizarre would release a 7-track album called attack of the weirdos with the great underground hit ""what, what""."	"later, bizarre would release a 7-track album called attack of the weirdos with the underground hit ""what, what""."
aghdashloo started acting at the age of 18. following numerous starring roles on the stage, she was offered her first film role in gozresh (the report) directed by renowned director abbas kiarostami, which won the critics award at the moscow film festival.	aghdashloo started acting at the age of 18. following numerous starring roles on the stage, she was offered her first film role in gozresh (the report) directed by director abbas kiarostami, which won the critics award at the moscow film festival.
"lupton won the coveted ""hodja cup"" (named for the mulla nasreddin: ""the truth is something i have never spoken."")"	"lupton won the ""hodja cup"" (named for the mulla nasreddin: ""the truth is something i have never spoken."")"
"robert holmes ""rob"" bell jr. (born august 23, 1970) is an american author and christian pastor."	"robert holmes ""rob"" bell jr. (born august 23, 1970) is an american author and self-styled pastor."
josh hancock, a relief pitcher with the st. louis cardinals, passed on april 29 in a car accident outside st. louis, missouri.	josh hancock, a relief pitcher with the st. louis cardinals, died on april 29 in a car accident outside st. louis, missouri.
a few of the original and popular lifecasters include; ijustine, a caster who still makes youtube videos and has over 3.7 million subscribers on youtube, mooncricket films, a san francisco life caster who began lifecasting since the launch of justin.tv, and joeiniraq, the first and only lifecaster to stream his lifecast in iraq in 2007-2008 during the war in iraq, giving the world a unique view of how our troops spent their downtime while in a hostile environment.	a few of the original and popular lifecasters include; ijustine, a caster who still makes youtube videos and has over 3.7 million subscribers on youtube, mooncricket films, a san francisco life caster who began lifecasting since the launch of justin.tv, and joeiniraq, the first and only lifecaster to stream his lifecast in iraq in 2007-2008 during the war in iraq, giving the world a unique view of how troops spent their downtime while in a hostile environment.
in one of his final memos from moscow to washington d.c., davies bluntly assessed:	in one of his final memos from moscow to washington d.c., davies assessed:
"sadly , this was the year of the infamous black sox scandal, in which eight white sox players, including cicotte and jackson, were barred from organized baseball for life for taking part in a plot by gamblers to ""fix"" the world series."	"however , this was the year of the infamous black sox scandal, in which eight white sox players, including cicotte and jackson, were barred from organized baseball for life for taking part in a plot by gamblers to ""fix"" the world series."
the game was popularized by the sitcom the big bang theory , where it has been mentioned in three episodes:	the game was publicized by the sitcom the big bang theory, where it has been mentioned in three episodes:
under the term astrolinguistics an academic debate has taken shape on the nature of bodies of knowledge, 'common grounds' in a semantic sense, shared between alien and man-made languages for interstellar communication.	under the term astrolinguistics an academic debate has taken shape on the nature of bodies of knowledge, 'common grounds' in a semantic sense, shared between alien and human languages for interstellar communication.
in a nasty memo to fellow snl colleagues, belushi said that he was unhappy that shaffer was spending so much time on a studio record for radner.	in a memo to fellow snl colleagues, belushi said that he was unhappy that shaffer was spending so much time on a studio record for radner.
rascal grew up in the east end of london in bow in a council estate, raised by his single mother, a ghanaian /chinese immigrant.	rascal grew up in the east end of london in bow in a council estate, raised by his single mother, a ghanaian immigrant.
jean shrimpton (born 7 november 1942 in high wycombe, buckinghamshire) is an english supermodel and actress.	jean shrimpton (born 7 november 1942 in high wycombe, buckinghamshire) is an english model and actress .
"martina eileen ""ai-ai de las alas"" de las alas - comedienne , tv/movie actress"	"martina eileen ""ai-ai de las alas"" de las alas - comedian , tv/movie actress"
political opponents have expressed their opposition to both his foreign policy, particularly his alliance with hugo chavez in venezuela, friendship with cuba's ral castro and his adhering honduras to the bolivarian alliance for the americas, as well as for his periodic attacks on the united states, and periodic confrontations with the business sector.	political opponents have expressed their opposition to both his foreign policy, particularly his alliance with hugo chavez in venezuela, friendship with cuba's ral castro and his adhering honduras to the bolivarian alliance for the americas, as well as for his periodic criticism on the united states, and periodic confrontations with the business sector.
the spd currently governs at the federal level in a so-called grand coalition with the christian democratic union and the christian social union since december 2013 following the results of the german federal election of 2013. the party participates in 14 state governments, of which nine are governed by spd minister-presidents.	the spd currently governs at the federal level in a grand coalition with the christian democratic union and the christian social union since december 2013 following the results of the german federal election of 2013. the party participates in 14 state governments, of which nine are governed by spd minister-presidents.
as such, the holder is the only seller in the market for that particular item, and the holder is often erroneously described as having a monopoly for this reason.	as such, the holder is the only seller in the market for that particular item, and the holder is often described as having a monopoly for this reason.
"the assemblies of god have an extensive organization to encourage jews to consider jesus christ as the messiah, under the name ""hebrew christian""."	"the assemblies of god have an extensive organization to encourage jews to consider jesus as the messiah, under the name ""hebrew christian""."
former shin bet chief amos manor, in an interview in ha'aretz, revealed his fascination for the man during angleton's essential work to forge the u.s.-israel liaison in the early 1950s.	former shin bet chief amos manor, in an interview in ha'aretz, revealed his fascination for the man during angleton's work to forge the u.s.-israel liaison in the early 1950s.
george lois (born in 1931) is an award-winning american art director, designer, advertising leader and author.	george lois (born in 1931) is an american art director, designer, advertising leader and author.
"it was revealed on august 8, 2006 that allen, who opposes abortion rights , owned stock in barr laboratories inc., the only american maker of the plan b ""morning after pill"", an emergency contraceptive that is supposed to prevent pregnancy if taken within 72 hours of intercourse."	"it was revealed on august 8, 2006 that allen, who opposes abortion, owned stock in barr laboratories inc., the only american maker of the plan b ""morning after pill"", an emergency contraceptive that is supposed to prevent pregnancy if taken within 72 hours of intercourse."
a committed evangelical christian, thune graduated with a b.a.	a evangelical christian, thune graduated with a b.a.
"the lp was more varied than its predecessor, and has been widely praised for tracks such as crosby's sinister ballad ""everybody's been burned"", a tremendous cover of dylan's my back pages"" (later released as a single) and a quartet of chris hillman numbers which showed the bassist emerging fully-formed as a county-oriented songwriter (""have you seen her face"", ""time between"", ""thoughts and words"", ""the girl with no name"")."	"the lp was more varied than its predecessor, and has been widely praised for tracks such as crosby's sinister ballad ""everybody's been burned"", a cover of dylan's my back pages"" (later released as a single) and a quartet of chris hillman numbers which showed the bassist emerging fully-formed as a county-oriented songwriter (""have you seen her face"", ""time between"", ""thoughts and words"", ""the girl with no name"")."
levy lee simon is an award-winning american playwright, actor, director and screenwriter, perhaps best known for his trilogy about the struggle for haitian independence, for the love of freedom.	levy lee simon is an american playwright, actor, director and screenwriter, perhaps best known for his trilogy about the struggle for haitian independence, for the love of freedom.
he is the younger brother of veteran nascar racer john andretti, nephew of indianapolis 500 winner mario andretti and first cousin to indycar legend michael andretti and jeff andretti.	he is the younger brother of veteran nascar racer john andretti, nephew of indianapolis 500 winner mario andretti and first cousin to indycar champion michael andretti and jeff andretti.
preliminary results indicate that the agreement was barely approved with 52% of votes in favour.	preliminary results indicate that the agreement was narrowly approved with 52% of votes in favour.
eileen hayward, played by mary jo deschanel, is the wheelchair- bound wife of doc hayward and mother of donna.	eileen hayward, played by mary jo deschanel, is the wheelchair- using wife of doc hayward and mother of donna.
it loved sugi so much that in february 1916, she went out for a walk with him in a tokyo park, holding his hand and kissed him in public; at the time, kissing in public and couples holding hands in japan was considered to be deeply immoral acts that no decent person should ever engage in, and many people in the park chided the couple for their disgusting behavior.	it loved sugi so much that in february 1916, she went out for a walk with him in a tokyo park, holding his hand and kissed him in public; at the time, kissing in public and couples holding hands in japan was considered to be deeply immoral acts that no decent person should ever engage in, and many people in the park chided the couple for their behavior.
"chapter one describes the creation of the world by elohim (hebrew for ""god"") in six creative days by means of divine speech, culminating in the creation of mankind, with god resting on, blessing and sanctifying the seventh day."	"chapter one describes the creation of the world by elohim (hebrew for ""god"") in six days by means of divine speech, culminating in the creation of mankind, with god resting on, blessing and sanctifying the seventh day."
he has received several critics awards and a golden globe nomination for his portrayal of iconic gay san francisco politician harvey milk in the biopic milk.	he has received several critics awards and a golden globe nomination for his portrayal of gay san francisco politician harvey milk in the biopic milk.
these units play a crucial role in emergencies where responding ems crews may be targeted by terrorists & hostile forces.	these units play a crucial role in emergencies where responding ems crews may be targeted by militants & hostile forces.
despite positive reviews from critics and the promotional support of their label - with famed appearances at ozzfest 2003, music as a weapon ii, and a tour with korn - the album failed to meet commercial expectations and the band disbanded later the same year.	despite positive reviews from critics and the promotional support of their label - with appearances at ozzfest 2003, music as a weapon ii, and a tour with korn - the album failed to meet commercial expectations and the band disbanded later the same year.
to date there are only 23 reported cases of mahjong-induced seizures in the english medical literature.	to date there are 23 reported cases of mahjong-induced seizures in the english medical literature.
"the shift to more family-related stories in the second season was best represented by a change in the line of the show's opening theme lyrics; the line that went ""..the calls are comin' in, you'd better start to grin.."", in reference to larry's radio career, gave way to ""you're raising them just fine, but keep an open mind.."" when the stories became more focused on the alder household."	"the shift to more family-related stories in the second season was represented by a change in the line of the show's opening theme lyrics; the line that went ""..the calls are comin' in, you'd better start to grin.."", in reference to larry's radio career, gave way to ""you're raising them just fine, but keep an open mind.."" when the stories became more focused on the alder household."
three of these, makran, las bela and kharan willingly joined with pakistan in 1947 after independence.	three of these, makran, las bela and kharan joined with pakistan in 1947 after independence.
she committed suicide in 1963.	she died by suicide in 1963.
ras mynydd mawr is a running race that takes place annually, beginning at the picturesque village of y fron in wales and going up the hill mynydd mawr.	ras mynydd mawr is a running race that takes place annually, beginning at the village of y fron in wales and going up the hill mynydd mawr.
under the older cronquist system, the first four families were placed in the order violales, within the dilleniidae, with the tetramelaceae subsumed within the datiscaceae.	under the cronquist system, the first four families were placed in the order violales, within the dilleniidae, with the tetramelaceae subsumed within the datiscaceae.
she made her first acting appearance on an episode of televisions strong medicine, and followed this with a breakthrough performance in barry levinsons envy (2004).	she made her first acting appearance on an episode of televisions strong medicine, and followed this with a performance in barry levinsons envy (2004).
ray spoke to weir's widow and friends, who believe that the lawman definitely saw something otherworldly .	ray spoke to weir's widow and friends, who believe that the lawman definitely saw something unusual .
from the two observation decks there is a beautiful view of stuttgart, from the forests and vineyards in and around stuttgart to the swabian jura and the black forest.	from the two observation decks there is a view of stuttgart, from the forests and vineyards in and around stuttgart to the swabian jura and the black forest.
"joseph stalin (18781953), soviet dictator whose nom de guerre (stalin) literally means ""man of steel"""	"joseph stalin (18781953), soviet revolutionary and leader whose nom de guerre (stalin) literally means ""man of steel"""
the socite des gens de lettres de france (sgdlf) (english: society of men of letters of france) is a writers' association founded in 1838 by the famous authors honor de balzac, victor hugo, alexandre dumas, and george sand.	the socite des gens de lettres de france (sgdlf) (english: society of men of letters of france) is a writers' association founded in 1838 by the authors honor de balzac, victor hugo, alexandre dumas, and george sand.
there are special introductory courses for freshmen to orient them to the campus, as well as college life at goucher.	there are special introductory courses for first years to orient them to the campus, as well as college life at goucher.
"she was featured on the cover of british vogues november 2008 issue and has recently graced the covers of i-d (september 2008, march 2009 & september 2009), pop, sunday times style three times, luella magazine , asos.com magazine, elle france & the may 2009 ""faces of the moment"" issue of american vogue shot by steven meisel."	"she was featured on the cover of british vogues november 2008 issue and has recently been on the covers of i-d (september 2008, march 2009 & september 2009), pop, sunday times style three times, luella magazine , asos.com magazine, elle france & the may 2009 ""faces of the moment"" issue of american vogue shot by steven meisel."
at the tattoo spectacular 2007, anthony callea performed his songs with accompaniment by the massed bands and the magnificent tattoo choir.	at the tattoo spectacular 2007, anthony callea performed his songs with accompaniment by the massed bands and the tattoo choir.
a sublime landscape from eastern mountainous part of georgia	a landscape from eastern mountainous part of georgia
he died while building the infamous white sea canal.	he died while building the white sea canal.
failed attempts to decriminalize marijuana	attempts to decriminalize marijuana
midway created superflous five sequels for the arcade and home systems, each one bloodier, more brutal, and stranger than the last.	midway created five sequels for the arcade and home systems, each one bloodier, more brutal, and stranger than the last.
olex2 provides the final picture output as raster images or postscript, ortep -like or povray output.	olex2 provides the final picture output as raster images or postscript, ortep -like or pov-ray output.
others discount these remarkable coincidences and classify the indians of person county as an offshoot of the saponi tribe.	others discount these coincidences and classify the indians of person county as an offshoot of the saponi tribe.
aposthia is a rare congenital deformity in humans, in which the foreskin of the penis is missing.	aposthia is a rare congenital condition in humans, in which the foreskin of the penis is missing.
"a parody of online dating, it amusingly had a link for ""those who generally favor the 'throw enough stuff at the wall' approach to online dating"" to post multiple profiles with a bulk upload file, you sleaze in addition to post your google romance profile."	"a parody of online dating, it had a link for ""those who generally favor the 'throw enough stuff at the wall' approach to online dating"" to post multiple profiles with a bulk upload file, you sleaze in addition to post your google romance profile."
were various principalities established by persia (iran) on their territories in the caucasus (modern-day azerbaijan republic, armenia, georgia and dagestan) from the late safavid to the qajar dynasty.	were various provinces established by persia (iran) on their territories in the caucasus (modern-day azerbaijan republic, armenia, georgia and dagestan) from the late safavid to the qajar dynasty.
bishop castle, colorado, a 20th century folly .	bishop castle, colorado, a 20th century castle built by one man .
devlin is a 30-minute saturday morning animated series produced by hanna-barbera productions and broadcast for 16 episodes on abc from september 7, 1974 to december 21, 1974. the series, inspired by the huge popularity of evel knievel, featured a stunt motorcyclist with a traveling circus, ernie devlin, and his siblings tod and sandy.	devlin is a 30-minute saturday morning animated series produced by hanna-barbera productions and broadcast for 16 episodes on abc from september 7, 1974 to december 21, 1974. the series, inspired by the popularity of evel knievel, featured a stunt motorcyclist with a traveling circus, ernie devlin, and his siblings tod and sandy.
in the meantime, competing protests are being staged and this crisis is escalating as yuschhenko threatens to use the security forces to enforce his illegal decision.	in the meantime, competing protests are being staged and this crisis is escalating as yuschhenko threatens to use the security forces to enforce his decision.
it will be written by chris borrelli and distributed by new line cinema.	it was to be written by chris borrelli and distributed by new line cinema.
in 2013, the army -- utilizing its own soldiers -- put the system through a rigorous series of demanding drills during a period referred to as early user testing.	in 2013, the army -- utilizing its own soldiers -- put the system through a series of demanding drills during a period referred to as early user testing.
controversial removal of sponsored themes	removal of sponsored themes
bradley branning is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by charlie clements.	bradley branning is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by charlie clements.
the season unfortunately ended with a loss in the third round of the playoffs.	the season ended with a loss in the third round of the playoffs.
established in the old schoolhouse, it was christened as the jane froman music center.	established in the old schoolhouse, it was named as the jane froman music center.
while this support for quebec's liberation was a monumental diplomatic blunder and interference into another country's private affairs, it was one that inflamed the passion of some nationalist quebecers and inspired members the emerging secession movement.	while this support for quebec's independance was a monumental diplomatic blunder and interference into another country's private affairs, it was one that inflamed the passion of some nationalist quebecers and inspired members the emerging secession movement.
"abramoffwho has been described by his spokesman andrew blum as, ""an especially strong supporter of israel"" and by another associate as ""a super-zionist""diverted ""money meant for inner-city kids"" to jewish settlers illegally occupying the palestinian west bank in order to help them ""fight the palestinian intifada."""	"abramoffwho has been described by his spokesman andrew blum as, ""an especially strong supporter of israel"" and by another associate as ""a super-zionist""diverted ""money meant for inner-city kids"" to jewish settlers occupying the palestinian west bank in order to help them ""fight the palestinian intifada."""
he has debated christian philosophers william lane craig and michael licona on numerous occasions as well as renowned scholar john dominic crossan he has also debated apologists james white, jay smith, and david wood on several occasions.	he has debated christian philosophers william lane craig and michael licona on numerous occasions as well as scholar john dominic crossan he has also debated apologists james white, jay smith, and david wood on several occasions.
alex machacek (born 1 july, 1972, tulln, austria) is a austrian jazz-fusion guitarist best known for his 1999 debut featuring ourselves and highly acclaimed follow-up delete and roll with the band bpm.	alex machacek (born 1 july, 1972, tulln, austria) is a austrian jazz-fusion guitarist best known for his 1999 debut featuring ourselves and acclaimed follow-up delete and roll with the band bpm.
the consensus position of the climate science community has been summarized by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) as follows:	the mainstream position of the climate science community has been summarized by the intergovernmental panel on climate change (ipcc) as follows:
the tuscarora connection	the tuscarora faction
mctaggart had in the meantime been president of the union society, a prestigious debating club, and the secretive cambridge apostles.	mctaggart had in the meantime been president of the union society, a debating club, and the secretive cambridge apostles.
middlesex students and staff, and thousands of their supporters in the uk and around the world, battled to save it.	middlesex students and staff, and thousands of their supporters in the uk and around the world, campaigned to save it.
"fairness & accuracy in reporting (fair) is a progressive media criticism organization based in new york city, founded in 1986. fair describes itself on its website as ""the national media watch group"" and defines its mission as working to ""invigorate the first amendment by advocating for greater diversity in the press and by scrutinizing media practices that marginalize public interest, minority and dissenting viewpoints."""	"fairness & accuracy in reporting (fair) is a progressive media advocacy organization based in new york city, founded in 1986. fair describes itself on its website as ""the national media watch group"" and defines its mission as working to ""invigorate the first amendment by advocating for greater diversity in the press and by scrutinizing media practices that marginalize public interest, minority and dissenting viewpoints."""
she was unfortunately ruled out of the 2015 fifa women's world cup right before the tournament started due to recurring injuries.	she was ruled out of the 2015 fifa women's world cup right before the tournament started due to recurring injuries.
the film received universal acclaim, winning several awards for film, cast, and crew, as well as earning significant returns at the box office.	the film received positive acclaim, winning several awards for film, cast, and crew, as well as earning significant returns at the box office.
this key is also obsolete, as it has been blacklisted, and victim computers will display a wga notification.	this key is also obsolete, as it has been blacklisted, and affected computers will display a wga notification.
yuzana (, ; born yuzana myint ngwe) is a well-known burmese pop singer, particularly in the early 2000s.	yuzana (, ; born yuzana myint ngwe) is a burmese pop singer, particularly in the early 2000s.
lee was an authoritative orator, articulate in three langauges english, mandarin and malay enabling him to reach the widest audience of the nation's multi-racial, multi-cutural citizentry.	lee was an accomplished orator, articulate in three langauges english, mandarin and malay enabling him to reach the widest audience of the nation's multi-racial, multi-cutural citizentry.
his supporters cite his all round game as being superior to other english fly halves such as jonny wilkinson but he is a confidence player and may never reach his full potential at international level.	his supporters cite his all round game as being superior to other english fly halves such as jonny wilkinson but he seems to be a confidence player and may never reach his full potential at international level.
the enormous design included a half-circular column to symbolize the mother with her martyred sons standing on the monument's central dais.	the enormous design included a half-circular column to symbolize the mother with her fallen sons standing on the monument's central dais.
dr may wright is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	dr may wright is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders.
canadian summers are uncomfortably hot, but rarely reach the dangerous temperatures experienced in the united states or asia.	canadian summers are often hot, but rarely reach the dangerous temperatures experienced in the united states or asia.
throughout the summer of 2008 joao moutinho was heavily-linked with a multimillion pound move to english premier league giants everton.	throughout the summer of 2008 joao moutinho was heavily-linked with a multimillion pound move to english premier league side everton.
stealth (film), a 2005 action/adventure thriller flop starring josh lucas and jessica biel.	stealth (film), a 2005 action/adventure thriller starring josh lucas and jessica biel.
the claim that tekilat- mahsusa or the special organization committed an organized crime against the armenian people is also disputed, though the poor conditions of the armenians .	the claim that tekilat- mahsusa or the special organization committed an organized crime against the armenian people is also disputed, though the poor conditions of the armenian and also some muslims were not .
the album was recorded during april, 2009 in their home town of winnipeg, as the band toured in support of their triumphant album reunion tour.	the album was recorded during april, 2009 in their home town of winnipeg , as the band toured in support of their album reunion tour .
what the paradox shows is that these two ideas are contradictory.	what the paradox seems to show is that these two ideas are contradictory.
the british television presenter dan snow is his great-great-grandson, as is the internet usability guru bryn williams.	the british television presenter dan snow is his great-great-grandson, as is the internet usability specialist bryn williams.
the fundamental role of government is to secure the public's safety and security, and that disarmament is a means to that end.	the fundamental role of government is to secure the public's safety and security, and that licensing of firearm owners and registration of firearms is a means to that end.
the arab higher committee didn't declare a state of its own and instead, together with transjordan, egypt, and the other members of the arab league of the time, started the 1948 arabisraeli war.	the arab higher committee didn't declare a state of its own and instead, together with transjordan, egypt, and the other members of the arab league of the time, commenced military action resulting in the 1948 arabisraeli war.
was nominated for a children's bafta in 1996, but unfortunatley lost to 'ant and dec'.	was nominated for a children's bafta in 1996, but lost to 'ant and dec'.
hitler (malayalam: hilar) is a 1996 malayalam megahit film written and directed by siddique, co-produced by lal, and starring mammootty and mukesh in lead roles and, shobhana, saikumar, jagadish, and vani viswanath in supporting roles.	hitler (malayalam: hilar) is a 1996 malayalam film written and directed by siddique, co-produced by lal, and starring mammootty and mukesh in lead roles and, shobhana, saikumar, jagadish, and vani viswanath in supporting roles.
the traditional berber religion is the ancient and native set of beliefs and deities adhered to by the berber autochthones of north africa.	the traditional berber religion is the ancient and native set of beliefs and deities adhered to by the berber of north africa.
the uk also has fourteen overseas territories, including bermuda, gibraltar, pitcairn and the falkland islands which are all remnants of the former british empire which was, at its height, the world's most extensive empire .	the uk also has fourteen overseas territories, including bermuda, gibraltar, pitcairn and the falkland islands which are all remnants of the former british empire which was, at its height, the world's most extensive.
PUNCT PUNCT DET NOUN VERB VERB VERB VERB VERB NOUN NUM SYM NUM PUNCT PUNCT ADJ NUM SYM NUM SYM NUM PUNCT	punct punct det nsubj aux ROOT ROOT ROOT ROOT dobj nummod punct prep punct punct parataxis nummod punct nummod punct prep punct
the jewish scripture and christian scripture (old and new testaments) are works recognized as sacred and authoritative writings by the respective faiths.	the jewish scripture and christian scripture (old and new testaments) are works traditionally seen as sacred and authoritative writings by the respective faiths.
brady v. united states, , was a united states supreme court case in which the court refused to hold that enormous sentencing discounts and threats of the death penalty are sufficient evidence of coercion.	brady v. united states, , was a united states supreme court case in which the court refused to hold that large sentencing discounts and threats of the death penalty are sufficient evidence of coercion.
italian luigi musso in his works ferrari during the french grand prix at reims; musso's disliked teammate, englishman peter collins during the german grand prix at the nrburgring, englishman stuart lewis-evans in his vanwall at the moroccan grand prix in casablanca, and in a non-formula one race, american pat o' connor at the indianapolis 500. hawthorn was killed in a road accident months after he won his only championship.	italian luigi musso in his works ferrari during the french grand prix at reims; musso's teammate, englishman peter collins during the german grand prix at the nrburgring, englishman stuart lewis-evans in his vanwall at the moroccan grand prix in casablanca, and in a non-formula one race, american pat o' connor at the indianapolis 500. hawthorn was killed in a road accident months after he won his only championship.
prince charles edward louis philip casimir stuart (31 december 1720  31 january 1788) commonly known as bonnie prince charlie or the young pretender was the second jacobite claimant to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland.	prince charles edward louis philip casimir stuart (31 december 1720  31 january 1788) commonly known as bonnie prince charlie or the young pretender was the second jacobite pretender to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland.
the washington post revealed that wallis rented the mailing list for sojourners to the presidential candidacy of barack obama.	the washington post reported that wallis rented the mailing list for sojourners to the presidential candidacy of barack obama.
- are eroded by the application of the historical cost accounting model when they are not inflation-adjusted.	- are destroyed by the application of the historical cost accounting model when they are not inflation-adjusted.
the most famous artist to paint the ruins was john constable, whose 1833 painting of the west end of the church shows it lurking sinisterly among trees.	the most famous artist to paint the ruins was john constable, whose 1833 painting of the west end of the church shows it lurking among trees.
recover through a combination of medical care, education and research.	through a combination of medical care, education and research.
his treason was a powerful blow against the regime, forcing ceauescu to overhaul the architecture of the securitate.	his defection was a powerful blow against the regime, forcing ceauescu to overhaul the architecture of the securitate.
westboro baptist church (wbc) is a controversial u.s. cult headed by fred phelps and based in topeka, kansas.	westboro baptist church (wbc) is a controversial u.s. religous group headed by fred phelps and based in topeka, kansas.
"the valley and the mountains do contribute to the areas noted fog cover which aides in the ripening of the important nebbiolo grape (which gets it name from the piedmontese word nebbia meaning ""fog"")."	"the valley and the mountains do contribute to the areas noted fog cover which aides in the ripening of the nebbiolo grape (which gets it name from the piedmontese word nebbia meaning ""fog"")."
in december of the same year, general robert e. lee's army of northern virginia soundly defeated union general ambrose e. burnside's army of the potomac at the battle of fredericksburg, where union forces repeatedly made frontal assaults across open ground against fortified confederate positions.	in december of the same year, general robert e. lee's army of northern virginia defeated union general ambrose e. burnside's army of the potomac at the battle of fredericksburg, where union forces repeatedly made frontal assaults across open ground against fortified confederate positions.
alongside original songs and traditional tunes, the disc featured a stunning cover of the grateful dead song brokedown palace.	alongside original songs and traditional tunes, the disc featured a cover of the grateful dead song brokedown palace.
chandler massey (born september 10, 1990) is an emmy-winning actor, best known for his portrayal of will horton on the daytime soap opera, days of our lives.	chandler massey (born september 10, 1990) is an actor, best known for his portrayal of will horton on the daytime soap opera, days of our lives.
documents from soviet era archive show that stone was wrong in his assesment and that joseph stalin and kim il sung orchestrated the korean war.	documents from soviet era archive suggest to some conservatives that stone was wrong in his assesment and that joseph stalin and kim il sung orchestrated the korean war.
catherine tate, comedienne , actress, personality.	catherine tate, comedian , actress, personality.
in response, max put up a scientology section on the front page and a slightly satirical disclaimer.	in response, goldberg put up a scientology section on the front page and a slightly satirical disclaimer.
her nephew is the legendary rapper rakim.	her nephew is the rapper rakim.
he has won the prestigious award twice in 1989 and 1997.	he has won the award twice in 1989 and 1997.
redirect: irish neutrality in world war ii	redirect: irish neutrality during world war ii
professional wrestler matt striker made light of the incident tastelessly joking about stingrays on ecw and prompting an apology from wwe chairman vince mcmahon.	professional wrestler matt striker made light of the incident joking about stingrays on ecw and prompting an apology from wwe chairman vince mcmahon.
yet there are major differences between defoe's fictional story and its supposed inspiration, with crusoe's island being located not in the pacific ocean but away in the caribbean.	yet there are differences between defoe's fictional story and its supposed inspiration, with crusoe's island being located not in the pacific ocean but away in the caribbean.
in formulating his personal jewish positions, sungenis has used the following sources:	in formulating his jewish positions, sungenis has used the following sources:
with the rechristening of the university in 2009 the name of the college was changed to the makino school of continuing and non-formal education.	with the renaming of the university in 2009 the name of the college was changed to the makino school of continuing and non-formal education.
the canal follows a delightful rural route through farmland across cheshire, with a short urban section near the junction at middlewich.	the canal follows a rural route through farmland across cheshire, with a short urban section near the junction at middlewich.
in 2002 louis farrakhan went to zimbabwe in support of the dictatorial and marxist president robert mugabe 's intentions to enforce proposed illegal seizures of white owned land and property.	in 2002 louis farrakhan went to zimbabwe in support of the dictatorial and president robert mugabe 's intentions to enforce proposed illegal seizures of white owned land and property.
on 26 march 2008, the government of serbia announced its plan to call on the international court of justice to rule on the unilateral declaration of kosovos secession.	on 26 march 2008, the government of serbia announced its plan to call on the international court of justice to rule on the declaration of kosovos secession.
a small group of children, thought to be too young to inform on the murderers , was spared and taken in by mormon families in southern utah.	a small group of children, thought to be too young to inform on the perpetrators, was spared and taken in by mormon families in southern utah.
the 1947 partition of india inaugurated rioting among hindus, muslims, and sikhs in punjab, bengal, delhi, and other parts of india; 500,000 died as a result of the violence.	the 1947 partition of india instigated rioting among hindus, muslims, and sikhs in punjab, bengal, delhi, and other parts of india; 500,000 died as a result of the violence.
the muse de la vie romantique (museum of romantic life) stands at the foot of montmartre hill in the ixe arrondissement at 16 rue chaptal, paris, france in an 1830 htel particulier facing two twin-studios, a winter-garden and a charming courtyard.	the muse de la vie romantique (museum of romantic life) stands at the foot of montmartre hill in the ixe arrondissement at 16 rue chaptal, paris, france in an 1830 htel particulier facing two twin-studios, a winter-garden and a courtyard.
in the ensuing centuries, the somalis were one of the first peoples converted to islam.	in the ensuing centuries, the somalis were one of the first peoples to convert to islam.
after richardson's untimely death at age 47 in 1886, a trio consisting of george foster shepley (1860-1903), charles hercules rutan (1851-1914), and charles allerton coolidge (1858-1932) gained control of the firm and completed all of its nearly two dozen pending projects, including the john j. glessner house in chicago.	after richardson's death at age 47 in 1886, a trio consisting of george foster shepley (1860-1903), charles hercules rutan (1851-1914), and charles allerton coolidge (1858-1932) gained control of the firm and completed all of its nearly two dozen pending projects, including the john j. glessner house in chicago.
fred neil (march 16, 1936 july 7, 2001) was an important american blues and folk singer and songwriter in the 1960s and early 1970s.	fred neil (march 16, 1936 july 7, 2001) was an american blues and folk singer and songwriter in the 1960s and early 1970s.
while protests began in the 1970s, national attention to the issue did not occur until widespread television coverage of college and professional games brought the outrageous behaviour of some fans to the attention of native americans.	while protests began in the 1970s, national attention to the issue did not occur until widespread television coverage of college and professional games brought the behaviour of some fans to the attention of native americans.
trisquel is an example of a gnu/ linux distribution	trisquel is an example of a linux distribution
adlington made the news in january 2008, when the village highway was covered with mango chutney after a delivery vehicle shed a full 18 tonnes of the popular condiment onto the tarmac.	adlington made the news in january 2008, when the village highway was covered with mango chutney after a delivery vehicle shed a full 18 tonnes of the condiment onto the tarmac.
1 tennis champion , born in lynwood, california.	1 tennis player , born in lynwood, california.
"she began the campaign to raise the siege of orlans on april 29, 1429. after this celebrated victory may 9, she became known as the maid of orlans (there was a legend that a maid would deliver france; joan shrewdly used this to convince both her men and the english that she was, indeed, ""the maid."")"	"she began the campaign to raise the siege of orlans on april 29, 1429. after this celebrated victory may 9, she became known as the maid of orlans (there was a legend that a maid would deliver france; joan used this to convince both her men and the english that she was, indeed, ""the maid."")"
the black book of communism: crimes, terror, repression is a book about a history of repressions, both political and civilian, by communist states, including extrajudicial executions, deportations, and artificial famines.	the black book of communism: crimes, terror, repression is a book alleging a history of repressions, both political and civilian, by communist states, including extrajudicial executions, deportations, and artificial famines.
the chinese immersion school at de avila is the latest incarnation of the historic dudley stone school, founded in san francisco, california, in 1896 and surviving the san francisco earthquake and fire of 1906. the kindergarten-through-fifth-grade school provides instruction in chinese languages .	the chinese immersion school at de avila is the latest incarnation of the historic dudley stone school, founded in san francisco, california, in 1896 and surviving the san francisco earthquake and fire of 1906. the kindergarten-through-fifth-grade school provides instruction in chinese.
why the fairness doctrine is anything but fair anti- censorship	why the fairness doctrine is anything but fair anti- fd
martti erik hjalmar lfberg (march 5 1907 - february 1969) was a hugely successful finnish pulp fiction author, especially in the 1930s and the 1940s.	martti erik hjalmar lfberg (march 5 1907 - february 1969) was a successful finnish pulp fiction author, especially in the 1930s and the 1940s.
authors such as hannah arendt, in her 1951 book the origins of totalitarianism, have said that the racist ideology (popular racism) which developed at the end of the 19th century helped legitimize the imperialist conquests of foreign territories and the crimes that accompanied them (such as the herero and namaqua genocide of 1904-1907 or the armenian genocide of 1915-1917).	authors such as hannah arendt, in her 1951 book the origins of totalitarianism, have said that the racist ideology (popular racism) which developed at the end of the 19th century helped legitimize the imperialist conquests of foreign territories and the acts that accompanied them (such as the herero and namaqua genocide of 1904-1907 or the armenian genocide of 1915-1917).
she was born in salem, oregon on may 22 1969. she has represented the 5th congressional district of washington in the united states house of representatives since january 2005. mcmorris defeated democrat don barbieri in the 2004 congressional elections, in 2006 she faces a strong challenge from democratic rancher peter goldmark.	she was born in salem, oregon on may 22 1969. she has represented the 5th congressional district of washington in the united states house of representatives since january 2005. mcmorris defeated democrat don barbieri in the 2004 congressional elections, in 2006 she faces a challenge from democratic rancher peter goldmark.
panic - a nice rewrite of the apple_panic game in the seed7 programming language.	panic - a rewrite of the apple_panic game in the seed7 programming language.
in north america the most common form of smoking was in pipes, which today are best known as the clichd peace pipes offered both to other tribes and later euroepan settlers as a gesture of goodwill and diplomacy.	in north america the most common form of smoking was in pipes, which today are best known as the peace pipes offered both to other tribes and later euroepan settlers as a gesture of goodwill and diplomacy.
shariff was elected to his first term in the legislative assembly of alberta in a hotly contested by-election in calgary-mccall on april 20, 1995 defeating liberal jeet shergill and future new democratic party president anne mcgrath by just a few hundred votes.	shariff was elected to his first term in the legislative assembly of alberta in a closely contested by-election in calgary-mccall on april 20, 1995 defeating liberal jeet shergill and future new democratic party president anne mcgrath by just a few hundred votes.
burnham (left, on horse) fells a matabele warrior.	burnham (left, on horse) kills a matabele warrior.
july 18 - the ss nomadic, the last floating link to titanic, returns home to a great reception in belfast.	july 18 - the ss nomadic, the last floating link to titanic, returns home to a large reception in belfast.
the initiation is received as a blessing for the vast majority of those attending, although many attendees do take the commitments and subsequently engage in the practice.	the initiation may be received as a blessing for the vast majority of those attending, although many attendees do take the commitments and subsequently engage in the practice.
in 1922, the irish free state gained freedom from the uk state, with just northern ireland remaining.	in 1922, the irish free state gained independence from the uk state, with just northern ireland remaining.
in march 2017, donald trump, the 45th president of the united states, referred to mccarthyism in a tweet blaming barack obama for wire-tapping his phone prior to the 2016 presidential election.	in march 2017, donald trump, the 45th president of the united states, referred to mccarthyism in a tweet accusing barack obama for wire-tapping his phone prior to the 2016 presidential election.
hijacker unfortunately attended the bar with no name massacre.	hijacker attended the bar with no name massacre.
mae sa waterfall the famous 8-tiered waterfall in amphoe mae rim occupies a natural setting among towering trees, covered with a lovely breeze all year round.	mae sa waterfall the 8-tiered waterfall in amphoe mae rim occupies a natural setting among towering trees, covered with a lovely breeze all year round.
failed attempt to solicit voter fraud (2014)	attempt to solicit voter fraud (2014)
bah'u'llh, the prophet- founder of the bah' faith wrote:	bah'u'llh, the founder of the bah' faith wrote:
after his passing , wilhelm knechtel was buried in the lutheran cemetery in bucharest.	after his death , wilhelm knechtel was buried in the lutheran cemetery in bucharest.
he ingeniously used the opportunity to communicate successfully and to confirm for the first time to the u.s. military (naval intelligence) and americans that american pows were being tortured in north vietnam.	he used the opportunity to communicate successfully and to confirm for the first time to the u.s. military (naval intelligence) and americans that american pows were being tortured in north vietnam.
"damian thompson, editor-in-chief of the catholic herald, has criticized williamson for his eccentric reading of the film, further noting - in a nod to williamson's alleged antisemitism - that ""the nuns in the sound of music, i seem to recall, helped shelter the von trapps from the germans."	"damian thompson, editor-in-chief of the catholic herald, has criticized williamson for his unusual reading of the film, further noting - in a nod to williamson's alleged antisemitism - that ""the nuns in the sound of music, i seem to recall, helped shelter the von trapps from the germans."
in september 2005, samsung electronics announced that it had developed the worlds first 16 gigabit nand flash memory chip, using the in-house developed state-of-the-art 50-nanometer design rule technology.	in september 2005, samsung electronics announced that it had developed the worlds first 16 gigabit nand flash memory chip, using the in-house developed 50-nanometer design rule technology.
in 1958, coles was invited to the prestigious bbc festival of light music at the royal festival hall in london.	in 1958, coles was invited to the bbc festival of light music at the royal festival hall in london.
only a few tribes still survive in their original culture in remote areas of the amazon rainforest such as the facinating korubo, a tribe that is still isolated from the modern world.	only a few tribes still survive in their original culture in remote areas of the amazon rainforest such as the korubo, a tribe that is still isolated from the modern world.
"before stanford, joel attended john p stevens high school, where he wrote and edited the hawkeye, and created a great column called ""you know you go to jps when..."""	"before stanford, joel attended john p stevens high school, where he wrote and edited the hawkeye, and created a column called ""you know you go to jps when..."""
padmanabhan did his schooling in thiruvananthapuram (trivandrum) and did his b.sc (1977) and his m.sc (1979) in physics from university college, kerala university, securing gold medals for his academic brilliance .	padmanabhan did his schooling in thiruvananthapuram (trivandrum) and did his b.sc (1977) and his m.sc (1979) in physics from university college, kerala university, securing gold medals for his academic achievements .
in interviews and meetings he expressed support for the annexation .	in interviews and meetings he expressed support for the accession .
the motorcycle diaries (spanish: diarios de motocicleta) (2004) is a biographical film about the young man who would later become internationally known as the great marxist revolutionary che guevara.	the motorcycle diaries (spanish: diarios de motocicleta) (2004) is a biographical film about the young man who would later become internationally known as the marxist revolutionary che guevara.
"hovind's views are criticized by the evolutionist community, and even some fellow young earth creationist (yec) organizations like answers in genesis (aig) criticize hovind for ""persistently using discredited or false arguments""."	"hovind's views are criticized by the scientific community, and even some fellow young earth creationist (yec) organizations like answers in genesis (aig) criticize hovind for ""persistently using discredited or false arguments""."
friday's, at the then-thriving northridge mall.	friday's, at the northridge mall.
griffin won a controversial unanimous decision victory and became the new undisputed ufc light heavyweight champion.	griffin won a unanimous decision victory and became the new undisputed ufc light heavyweight champion.
dick clement, obe (born 5 september 1937) is an english writer best known for his writing partnership with ian la frenais.	dick clement, obe (born 5 september 1937) is an english writer known for his writing partnership with ian la frenais.
along with other complaints, the activities of the popes between 1458 to 1565 helped encourage the protestant revolt .	along with other complaints, the activities of the popes between 1458 to 1565 helped encourage the protestant reformation.
the first noteworthy organ was finished in the 18th century by the noted builder franois-henri clicquot.	the first more noted organ was finished in the 18th century by the noted builder franois-henri clicquot.
though his action undoubtedly furthered the passing of the criminal law amendment act of 1885, it made his position on the paper impossible.	though his action is thought to have furthered the passing of the criminal law amendment act of 1885, it made his position on the paper impossible.
in the consensus of scholarly opinion, subhas chandra bose's death occurred from third-degree burns on 18 august 1945 after his overloaded japanese plane crashed in japanese-occupied formosa (now taiwan).	in the consensus of scholarly opinion, subhas chandra bose's death occurred from third-degree burns on 18 august 1945 after his overloaded japanese plane crashed in japanese-ruled formosa (now taiwan).
affleck married garner, who was already three months pregnant at the time, on june 29, 2005 in a private ceremony, officiated by family friend and garner's alias co-star, victor garber, at the parrot cay resort on the turks and caicos islands.	affleck married garner, who was three months pregnant at the time, on june 29, 2005 in a private ceremony, officiated by family friend and garner's alias co-star, victor garber, at the parrot cay resort on the turks and caicos islands.
"herbert walton gleason, jr. , baptized john herbert ""jackie"" gleason (february 26, 1916 june 24, 1987) was an iconic american comedian, actor, and musician."	"herbert walton gleason, jr. , baptized john herbert ""jackie"" gleason (february 26, 1916 june 24, 1987) was an american comedian, actor, and musician."
"in the episode release the dogs from the hit comedy two and a half men a policeman who has just arrested alan harper remarks ""at least this clown didn't ask if i was jewish""."	"in the episode release the dogs from the comedy two and a half men a policeman who has just arrested alan harper remarks ""at least this clown didn't ask if i was jewish""."
as of january 2007, the airport has the dubious distinction of being the busiest u.s. airport without any service by a low-cost carrier.	as of january 2007, the airport has the distinction of being the busiest u.s. airport without any service by a low-cost carrier.
perso-roman subjugation	perso-roman rule
"the paleolithic diet is a fad diet that considers ""the environment of evolutionary adaptedness for our species and to view it as the shaper of the latest draft of our genome"" proponents of the diet therefore recommend avoiding any food categories that were not available to humans at that time, such as refined sugar, processed grains, and processed oils."	"the paleolithic diet is a diet that considers ""the environment of evolutionary adaptedness for our species and to view it as the shaper of the latest draft of our genome"" proponents of the diet therefore recommend avoiding any food categories that were not available to humans at that time, such as refined sugar, processed grains, and processed oils."
following significant pressure on lawmakers as a result of the temperance movement, the house of representatives finally passed the amendment on december 18, 1917. it was certified as ratified on january 16, 1919, having been approved by 36 states.	following significant pressure on lawmakers as a result of the temperance movement, the house of representatives passed the amendment on december 18, 1917. it was certified as ratified on january 16, 1919, having been approved by 36 states.
"the term ""tags"", in common usage in the us when referring to licence plates, is unknown in canada."	"the term ""tags"", in common usage in the us when referring to licence plates, is seldom used in canada."
this supports the idea that africa and india were once part of the same ancient supercontinent, called gondwanaland, which eventually became part of the later supercontinent, .	this is consistent with the idea that africa and india were once part of the same ancient supercontinent, called gondwanaland, which eventually became part of the later supercontinent, .
"the song is notorious for stealing the main tune from the beatles lady madonna, while the song's chorus is stolen from the song ""loving"" by half-pint."	"the song is well known for stealing the main tune from the beatles lady madonna, while the song's chorus is stolen from the song ""loving"" by half-pint."
"often, ""apes"" (non-human members of the hominoidea) are said to be the result of a curse—a jewish folktale claims that one of the races who built the tower of babel became apes as punishment, while muslim lore says that the jews of eilat became non-human apes as punishment for fishing on the sabbath."	"often, ""apes"" (non-human members of the hominoidea) are said to be the result of a curse—a jewish folktale claims that one of the races who built the tower of babel became apes as punishment, while muslim lore says that the jews of eilat became apes as punishment for fishing on the sabbath."
shardad rohani is world-renowned persian (iranian) composer, pianist, and conductor.	shardad rohani is a persian ( iranian ) composer, pianist, and conductor.
philippa of hainault, the wife of edward iii, was a descendant of stephen, and he was thus ancestor of all subsequent kings of england.	philippa of hainault, the wife of edward iii, was a descendant of stephen, and he was thus ancestor of all subsequent monarchs of england.
he signals the driver when it is all clear.	the train guard signals the driver when it is all clear.
bbc knowledge was an early bbc digital television channel, available by cable, satellite, or terrestrial digital broadcasting, providing a strong programme of documentary, cultural and educational television.	bbc knowledge was an early bbc digital television channel, available by cable, satellite, or terrestrial digital broadcasting, providing a programme of documentary, cultural and educational television.
25px please do not remove information from wikipedia .	25px please do not remove information from articles .
subsequently, the turkish cypriots established their own illegal separatist institutions with a popularly elected de facto president and a prime minister responsible to the national assembly exercising joint executive powers.	subsequently, the turkish cypriots established their own separatist institutions with a popularly elected de facto president and a prime minister responsible to the national assembly exercising joint executive powers.
it is a biographical novel of frank lloyd wright, told through his relationships with four women: the young serbian dancer olgivanna; miriam, the morphine-addicted and obsessive southern belle; mamah, whose life ended tragically in a massacre at taliesin, the home wright built for his lovers and wives; and his first wife, kitty, the mother of six of his children.	it is a biographical novel of frank lloyd wright, told through his relationships with four women: the young serbian dancer olgivanna; miriam, the morphine-addicted and obsessive southern belle; mamah, whose life ended in a massacre at taliesin, the home wright built for his lovers and wives; and his first wife, kitty, the mother of six of his children.
helena christensen (born december 25, 1968 in copenhagen) is a danish supermodel , signed to independent models.	helena christensen (born december 25, 1968 in copenhagen) is a danish model , signed to independent models.
the prince of egypt was banned in two countries where the population is predominantly muslim: the maldives and malaysia, because the depiction in the media of islamic prophets (among which moses is counted) is forbidden in islam.	the prince of egypt was banned in two countries where the population is predominantly muslim: the maldives and malaysia, on the grounds that the depiction in the media of islamic prophets (among which moses is counted) is forbidden in islam.
the account is recorded in third nephi in the book of mormon	the account is found in third nephi in the book of mormon
a number of the series writers were new to itc, and this resulted in a show that was markedly different to the usual light-hearted adventure and sub-fleming espionage fantasy of such series.	a number of the series writers were new to itc, and this resulted in a show that was markedly different to the usual light-hearted adventure and espionage fantasy of such series.
the film received some negative reviews as well surprisingly .	the film received some negative reviews as well.
the primary function of the regiment was to assist the police by guarding key installations and providing patrols and vehicle checkpoints on public roads to hamper the activities of terrorist groups.	the primary function of the regiment was to assist the police by guarding key installations and providing patrols and vehicle checkpoints on public roads to hamper the activities of paramilitary groups.
the government of israel ordered the invasion as a response to the assassination attempt against israel's ambassador to the united kingdom, shlomo argov by the abu nidal organization and due to the constant terror attacks on northern israel made by the terrorist organizations which resided in lebanon.	the government of israel ordered the invasion as a response to the assassination attempt against israel's ambassador to the united kingdom, shlomo argov by the abu nidal organization and due to the constant terror attacks on northern israel made by the guerilla organizations which resided in lebanon.
mini anden (born susanna andn february 13, 1978, stockholm) is a swedish supermodel , actress, occasional host and producer.	mini anden (born susanna andn february 13, 1978, stockholm) is a swedish model , actress, occasional host and producer.
beginning in the 8th century, muslims had occupied and settled most of the iberian peninsula.	beginning in the 8th century, muslims had invaded and settled most of the iberian peninsula.
the game features visual effects such as shaders, real time lighting and stencil shadows, light bloom and reflective water, and highly detailed models and textures.	the game features visual effects such as shaders, real time lighting and stencil shadows, light bloom and reflective water, and detailed models and textures.
the arminians were perceived as ready to compromise with the spanish, whereas the orthodox dutch calvinists were not, so arminianism was considered by some to be political treason; in 16178 there was a pamphlet war and francis van aarssens expressed the view that the arminians were working for philip iv of spain.	the arminians were perceived as ready to compromise with the spanish, whereas the dutch calvinists were not, so arminianism was considered by some to be political treason; in 16178 there was a pamphlet war and francis van aarssens expressed the view that the arminians were working for philip iv of spain.
since then, the feminist movement has split into pro-life feminists and other stereotypical feminist groups.	since then, the feminist movement has split into pro-life feminists and other mainstream feminist groups.
penny lane is the title of a hit song by the beatles, written by paul mccartney, recorded during the sgt.	penny lane is the title of a song by the beatles, written by paul mccartney, recorded during the sgt.
in the 1980s, a turbocharged and intercooled version was used in the famous ford thunderbird turbo coupe.	in the 1980s, a turbocharged and intercooled version was used in the ford thunderbird turbo coupe.
in november 2008, pickens changed his tune stating that he wants heavy trucks, not cars running on natural gas.	in november 2008, pickens changed his position stating that he wants heavy trucks, not cars running on natural gas.
the book offers a balanced perspective on the place of islam in secular society and looks at the diverse experiences of muslim immigrants in the west.	the book offers a perspective on the place of islam in secular society and looks at the diverse experiences of muslim immigrants in the west.
de man argues forcefully that the recurring motive of theoretical readings is to subsume these decisions under theoretical, futile generalizations, which are displaced in turn into harsh polemics about theory.	de man argues that the recurring motive of theoretical readings is to subsume these decisions under theoretical, futile generalizations, which are displaced in turn into harsh polemics about theory.
in january of 2013, it was reported that senator menedez is being investigated by the fbi for participation in orgies with underage prostitutes in the dominican republic.	in january of 2013, it was reported that senator menedez is being investigated by the fbi for participation in parties with underage prostitutes in the dominican republic.
supporters of the iraq war have used the casualties of the conflict in iraq since 2003 to justify years of further military commitment, despite worsening conditions and lack of progress towards defined objectives or resolution.	supporters of the iraq war have used the casualties of the conflict in iraq since 2003 to justify years of further military commitment, even when faced with worsening conditions and lack of progress towards defined objectives or resolution.
unfortunately there is no formal specification of the .srt file format.	there is no formal specification of the .srt file format.
"certain opponents have referred to it as a ""mormon gulag""."	"some opponents have referred to it as a ""mormon gulag""."
2 kuznetsova in a close three-set match and hantuchov in straight sets.	2 kuznetsova in a three-set match and hantuchov in straight sets.
the college has a vibrant residential community consisting of approximately 160 undergraduate and postgraduate residents, a significant minority of whom are international students from asia, europe, and the americas.	the college has a residential community consisting of approximately 160 undergraduate and postgraduate residents, a significant minority of whom are international students from asia, europe, and the americas.
throughout his career sant jarnail singh bhindranwale remained in contact with indira gandhi,	throughout his career jarnail singh bhindranwale remained in contact with indira gandhi,
in contrast to socialism, most european christian democrats support a market economy and do not adhere to the doctrine of class struggle.	in contrast to socialism, most european christian democrats support a market economy and do not adhere to the concept of class struggle.
the linguist john colarusso wrote an excellent article describing some of these morphological and lexical similarities in the journal of indo-european studies (library of congress cb201.j68), 1997, volume 25, p.119.	the linguist john colarusso wrote an article describing some of these morphological and lexical similarities in the journal of indo-european studies (library of congress cb201.j68), 1997, volume 25, p.119.
one conjecture about the lincoln assassination holds that the dahlgren papers' discovery instigated the chain of events ending in john wilkes booth's murder of abraham lincoln the next year.	one theory about the lincoln assassination holds that the dahlgren papers' discovery instigated the chain of events ending in john wilkes booth's murder of abraham lincoln the next year.
tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is an american supermodel , media personality, actress, occasional singer, and businesswoman.	tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is an american model , media personality, actress, occasional singer, and businesswoman.
it has also unfortunately realized a resurgeance during the us-led invasion of iraq.	it has also realized a resurgeance during the us-led invasion of iraq.
this high school has a great robotics team.	this high school has a robotics team.
crawfurd wrote a history of the indian archipelago (1820), descriptive dictionary of the indian islands and adjacent countries (1856), journal of an embassy to the court of ava in 1827 (1829), journal of an embassy to the courts of siam and cochin-china, exhibiting a view of the actual state of these kingdoms (1830), inquiry into the system of taxation in india, letters on the interior of india, an attack on the newspaper stamp-tax and the duty on paper entitled taxes on knowledge (1836), and a valuable malay grammar and dictionary (1852).	crawfurd wrote a history of the indian archipelago (1820), descriptive dictionary of the indian islands and adjacent countries (1856), journal of an embassy to the court of ava in 1827 (1829), journal of an embassy to the courts of siam and cochin-china, exhibiting a view of the actual state of these kingdoms (1830), inquiry into the system of taxation in india, letters on the interior of india, an attack on the newspaper stamp-tax and the duty on paper entitled taxes on knowledge (1836), and a malay grammar and dictionary (1852).
the recording offers a fascinating minute-by-minute document of the complete concert, including opening sets from king curtis, cannibal and the headhunters, brenda holloway, sounds incorporated and the discoteque dancers.	the recording offers a minute-by-minute document of the complete concert, including opening sets from king curtis, cannibal and the headhunters, brenda holloway, sounds incorporated and the discoteque dancers.
charles alexander eastman (february 19 1858 - january 8 1939} was a notable native american writer, physician, and reformer.	charles alexander eastman (february 19 1858 - january 8 1939} was a native american writer, physician, and reformer.
during these years, the plo and other terrorist organizations had launched numerous terrorist attacks on civilian targets in israel, such as the ma'alot massacre.	during these years, the plo and other simmilar organizations had launched numerous terrorist attacks on civilian targets in israel, such as the ma'alot massacre.
following a successful career as an attorney in private practice, kaine was elected to the city council of richmond, virginia.	following a career as an attorney in private practice, kaine was elected to the city council of richmond, virginia.
around 1230 the dominican hugh of st-cher proposed the idea of a treasure house of merit at the church's disposal, consisting of the infinite merits of christ and the immeasurable abundance of the saints' merits, a thesis that was demonstrated by great scholastics such as albertus magnus and thomas aquinas and remains the basis for the theological explanation of indulgences.	around 1230 the dominican hugh of st-cher proposed the idea of a treasure house of merit at the church's disposal, consisting of the infinite merits of christ and the immeasurable abundance of the saints' merits, a thesis that was demonstrated by scholastics such as albertus magnus and thomas aquinas and remains the basis for the theological explanation of indulgences.
in an article about the santo dimera/colleen brady storyline in the july 17 2007 edition of soap opera digest, days of our lives co-executive producer stephen wyman refers to the december 29 2006 incident between ej and sami only as rape.	in an article about the santo dimera/colleen brady storyline in the july 17 2007 edition of soap opera digest, days of our lives co-executive producer stephen wyman refers to the december 29 2006 incident between ej and sami as rape.
his 591 points was the most ever for a player from tiny prince edward island, just ahead of bob macmillan, although that record was broken by brad richards of the dallas stars in 2010.	his 591 points was the most ever for a player from prince edward island, just ahead of bob macmillan, although that record was broken by brad richards of the dallas stars in 2010.
revered as a top tier forestry school, osu is widely considered the nation's leader in the subject.	as a top tier forestry school, osu is widely considered the nation's leader in the subject.
on february 4, 2016, it was revealed that former secretary of state colin powell, as well as aides of former secretary of state condoleezza rice, also had emails on their personal servers that were later marked classified.	on february 4, 2016, it was confirmed that former secretary of state colin powell, as well as aides of former secretary of state condoleezza rice, also had emails on their personal servers that were later marked classified.
moorefields most famous hurler of all time would be mick maloney.	moorefields most well-known hurler of all time would be mick maloney.
founded in 1959 in tiburon, california by winemaker rodney strong, windsor vineyards was pioneer in the direct-to-consumer wine business, and remains one of the largest direct-to-consumer wineries in the united states.	founded in 1959 in tiburon, california by winemaker rodney strong, windsor vineyards has been referred to as a pioneer in the direct-to-consumer wine business, and remains one of the largest direct-to-consumer wineries in the united states.
this season marked the first time the primera divisin was christened the descentralizado because teams outside of lima and callao were invited for the first time making it the first national championship in peru.	this season marked the first time the primera divisin was named the descentralizado because teams outside of lima and callao were invited for the first time making it the first national championship in peru.
"anonymous political weblog just one minute (jom) pontificates : ""evidently not."	"anonymous political weblog just one minute (jom) writes : ""evidently not."
by comparing the exposure from these events to a banana equivalent dose, a more understandable assessment of the actual risk can sometimes be obtained.	by comparing the exposure from these events to a banana equivalent dose, a more intuitive assessment of the actual risk can sometimes be obtained.
this and ceuta are the last two european occupied territories located in mainland africa.	this and ceuta are the last two european territories located in mainland africa.
"style=""width:12%;""| killer"	"style=""width:12%;""| origin of missile"
some within boy scouts of america are opposed to the exclusionary policies.	some within boy scouts of america are opposed to the policies.
the athletic competition rivalry between the two schools is one-of-a-kind in ncaa division i sports because both schools are located within the same city.	the athletic competition rivalry between the two schools is among the more notable in ncaa division i sports because both schools are located within the same city.
in march 1994, the fcc even dismissed the permit, but restored it five days later.	in march 1994, the fcc dismissed the permit, but restored it five days later.
the individual form is sold in bakeries throughout greece, where it is a very popular breakfast and snack food.	the individual form is sold in bakeries throughout greece, where it is a popular breakfast and snack food.
the 2010 game was decided in the final minute, as the badgers scored a late touchdown in the devastating 31-30 victory at kinnick stadium.	the 2010 game was decided in the final minute, as the badgers scored a late touchdown in the 31-30 victory at kinnick stadium.
since all societies have similar restrictions on detained criminals, the existence of guantanamo bay or similar detention facilities, does not (in their view) detract from the status of the united states as a very free society.	since all societies have similar restrictions on detained criminals, the existence of guantanamo bay or similar detention facilities, does not (in their view) detract from the status of the united states as a free society.
patrick m. byrne is the controversial ceo of internet retailer overstock.com.	patrick m. byrne is the ceo of internet retailer overstock.com.
anne katrine hrland (born 27 march 1972) is a norwegian satirical comedienne mostly known for her regular appearance on the weekly news satire show nytt p nytt.	anne katrine hrland (born 27 march 1972) is a norwegian satirical comedian mostly known for her regular appearance on the weekly news satire show nytt p nytt.
army strong is a cool recruiting slogan that is used by the united states army.	army strong is a recruiting slogan that is used by the united states army.
since 1 january 2012 a few words in the anthem are different than before.	since 1 january 2012 a few words in the anthem are different from before.
most forms of the present day are creolized fusions and mixtures of these two great sources.	most forms of the present day are creolized fusions and mixtures of these two sources.
buteyko method is a medical breathing retraining therapy developed by soviet doctor konstantin buteyko.	buteyko method is a breathing retraining therapy developed by soviet doctor konstantin buteyko.
"the revised ""evolution"" model was exactly what porsche needed ; it won in grand style, taking both 1st and 2nd place both overall and in the gt1 class, giving porsche its record-breaking 16th overall win at lemans, more than any other manufacturer in history."	"the revised ""evolution"" model was exactly what porsche wanted ; it won in grand style, taking both 1st and 2nd place both overall and in the gt1 class, giving porsche its record-breaking 16th overall win at lemans, more than any other manufacturer in history."
ss-gruppenfhrer paul hausser, the brilliant ex-commander of the das reich division, was placed in charge of the corps, and was tasked with defending the strategic city of kharkov.	ss-gruppenfhrer paul hausser, the ex-commander of the das reich division, was placed in charge of the corps, and was tasked with defending the strategic city of kharkov.
evidence to support the view that some obese people eat little yet gain weight due to a slow metabolism is limited; on average, obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their thin counterparts due to the energy required to maintain an increased body mass.	evidence to support the view that some obese people eat little yet gain weight due to a slow metabolism is limited; on average, obese people have a greater energy expenditure than their healthy-weight counterparts due to the energy required to maintain an increased body mass.
she was famously serenaded by sporting kc player c. j. sapong when the national team practiced in kansas city september 15, 2011.	she was serenaded by sporting kc player c. j. sapong when the national team practiced in kansas city september 15, 2011.
occasional populist calls to reinstate capital punishment still occur, but no major political party has made capital punishment an element of any of their election manifestos since the 1989 abolition act.	occasional calls to reinstate capital punishment still occur, but no major political party has made capital punishment an element of any of their election manifestos since the 1989 abolition act.
roger warren nelson (october 25, 1955 june 7, 2003) was a skydiver and founder of skydive chicago, one of the nation 's largest skydiving centers.	roger warren nelson (october 25, 1955 june 7, 2003) was a skydiver and founder of skydive chicago, one of the usa 's largest skydiving centers.
in 1987, he starred with bette davis, lillian gish and ann sothern in the whales of august, a touching story of two sisters living in maine, facing the end of their days.	in 1987, he starred with bette davis, lillian gish and ann sothern in the whales of august, a story of two sisters living in maine, facing the end of their days.
only a week later (on 6 october) an operation for evacuating 10,000 people from the affected area started, still without giving an explanation of the reasons for evacuation.	a week later (on 6 october) an operation for evacuating 10,000 people from the affected area started, still without giving an explanation of the reasons for evacuation.
due to the presence of grammatical gender, there in this case is often the exact opposite of that in english: creating feminine job titles rather than eliminating them.	due to the presence of grammatical gender, their immediate goal in this case is often the exact opposite of that in english: creating feminine job titles rather than eliminating them.
"in the summer of 1900, when the extra-jurisdictional international legations in beijing were besieged by boxer rebels supported by the qing government, the coalition dispatched their armed forces, in the name of ""humanitarian intervention"", to defend their respective nations' citizens, as well as a number of chinese christians who had taken shelter in the legations."	"in the summer of 1900, when the international legations in beijing were besieged by boxer rebels supported by the qing government, the coalition dispatched their armed forces, in the name of ""humanitarian intervention"", to defend their respective nations' citizens, as well as a number of chinese christians who had taken shelter in the legations."
alyssa alano is a sexy film and tv actress in the philippines.	alyssa alano is a film and tv actress in the philippines.
indeed, the british anti-corporate media lens website used part of a rageh omaar report on baghdad falling to us forces (in which they said that he 'all but swooned at the feet of the invading army'), to criticise the pro-war line of the british media:	indeed, the british media lens website used part of a rageh omaar report on baghdad falling to us forces (in which they said that he 'all but swooned at the feet of the invading army'), to criticise the pro-war line of the british media:
sahab is well-known for its industrial estate, the islamic cemetery, and kahf of raqeem site mentioned in the holy qur'an (surat al-kahf).	sahab is well-known for its industrial estate, the islamic cemetery, and kahf of raqeem site mentioned in the qur'an (surat al-kahf).
the history of india includes the prehistoric settlements and societies in the indian subcontinent, the advancement of civilization from indus valley civilization to the vedic civilization of the indo-aryan cultures, the rise of hinduism, buddhism and jainism, a succession of powerful dynasties and empires for almost three millennia throughout various geographic areas of the subcontinent, tussle during the medieval period between muslim and hindu states , the advent of european traders in india resulting in the establishment of the british rule and the subsequent independence movement that led to the partition of india and the creation of the republic of india.	the history of india includes the prehistoric settlements and societies in the indian subcontinent, the advancement of civilization from indus valley civilization to the vedic civilization of the indo-aryan cultures, the rise of hinduism, buddhism and jainism, a succession of powerful dynasties and empires for almost three millennia throughout various geographic areas of the subcontinent, tussle during the medieval period between muslim and hindu dynasties , the advent of european traders in india resulting in the establishment of the british rule and the subsequent independence movement that led to the partition of india and the creation of the republic of india.
the film disputes the conventional account of the lockerbie bombing, instead advancing the theory that the bomb was introduced onto the aircraft by an unwitting drug mule, khaled jafaar, in what the filmmaker claims is a cia-protected suitcase.	the film disputes the official account of the lockerbie bombing, instead advancing the theory that the bomb was introduced onto the aircraft by an unwitting drug mule, khaled jafaar, in what the filmmaker claims is a cia-protected suitcase.
he studied at george watson's college and won a scholarship to university of edinburgh where he won the prestigious elliot prize, and went on to balliol college, oxford where he became the elton exhibitioner.	he studied at george watson's college and won a scholarship to university of edinburgh where he won the elliot prize, and went on to balliol college, oxford where he became the elton exhibitioner.
among them was legendary nazi hunter simon wiesenthal.	among them was nazi hunter simon wiesenthal.
the subsidiary figures were generously gifted by the people of new zealand.	the subsidiary figures were gifted by the people of new zealand.
apologists claim that the technique allows them to see relevant events or images within the chosen medium.	they claim that the technique allows them to see relevant events or images within the chosen medium.
france imposed decimalisation on a number of countries that it occupied during the napoleonic period.	france introduced decimalisation on a number of countries that it occupied during the napoleonic period.
"later in the day on april 19, 2007, reid hedged his comments on the senate floor: ""as long as we follow the presidents path in iraq, the war is lost."	"later in the day on april 19, 2007, reid clarified his comments on the senate floor: ""as long as we follow the presidents path in iraq, the war is lost."
after a fantastic 4-2 win away to hearts at tynecastle, thistle secured their place in the scottish premiership for the 2014/15 season.	after a 4-2 win away to hearts at tynecastle, thistle secured their place in the scottish premiership for the 2014/15 season.
it has its own lake, spreads across rolling hills covered with lychee trees, an abundance of green space and sculptures.	it has its own lake, spreads across rolling hills covered with trees, an abundance of green space and sculptures.
"researchers from the university of antwerp would declare that the day was possible only because it ""was carefully planned by an international network of national social movement organisations."""	"researchers from the university of antwerp would claim that the day was possible only because it ""was carefully planned by an international network of national social movement organisations."""
due to what the u.s. states was a communications error, the tank mistakenly fired at the palestine hotel, where approximately 100 international reporters in baghdad were based, instead of the correct building, killing two journalists, taras protsyuk of reuters and jose cousa of the spanish network telecinco and wounding three other correspondents.	due to what the u.s. states was a communications error, the tank fired at the palestine hotel, where approximately 100 international reporters in baghdad were based, instead of the correct building, killing two journalists, taras protsyuk of reuters and jose cousa of the spanish network telecinco and wounding three other correspondents.
nicollette sheridan (born 21 november 1963) is an english television and film actress, best known for playing edie britt on the abc dramedy series desperate housewives (20042009) and as paige matheson of the cbs primetime soap opera knots landing (19861993).	nicollette sheridan (born 21 november 1963) is an english television and film actress, known for playing edie britt on the abc dramedy series desperate housewives (20042009) and as paige matheson of the cbs primetime soap opera knots landing (19861993).
"was an american businessman and engineer who sold and promoted cars and consumer electronics in the united states from the 1930s until his death in 1987. he was a pioneer in television commercials with his oddball ""madman"" persona - an alter ego who generated publicity with his unusual costumes, his stunts, and his outrageous claims."	"was an american businessperson and engineer who sold and promoted cars and consumer electronics in the united states from the 1930s until his death in 1987. he was a pioneer in television commercials with his oddball ""madman"" persona - an alter ego who generated publicity with his unusual costumes, his stunts, and his outrageous claims."
isanybodydown is a controversial website co-founded by craig brittain and chance trahan	isanybodydown is a website co-founded by craig brittain and chance trahan
the american civil war (1861–1865) was a bitter sectional conflict that began after southern states of the united states seceded from the union and formed the confederate states of america.	the american civil war (1861–1865) was a bitter sectional conflict that began after southern states of the united states declared their secession from the union and formed the confederate states of america.
stand-up comedian success : 19801986	stand-up comedian: 19801986
montenegro (serbian /montenegrin : or crna gora, pronounced , ), officially the republic of montenegro ( or republika crna gora), is a country located in southeastern europe.	montenegro (serbian: or crna gora, pronounced , ), officially the republic of montenegro ( or republika crna gora), is a country located in southeastern europe.
the anti-wss website info-buddhismus.de points out the participation of many nkt members in these demonstrations, such as the wss press speaker and kelsang khyenrab, the present successor to geshe kelsang gyatso.	the website info-buddhismus.de points out the participation of many nkt members in these demonstrations, such as the wss press speaker and kelsang khyenrab, the present successor to geshe kelsang gyatso.
marriage between muhammad bin saud's son, abdul-aziz bin muhammad, and the daughter of the imam helped to seal the pact between their families which has lasted through the centuries to present day.	marriage between muhammad bin saud's son, abdul-aziz bin muhammad, and the daughter of the muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab helped to seal the pact between their families which has lasted through the centuries to present day.
the book skillfully discussed several merits/demerits of such an approach to the beanstalk - the primary demerit being that the water necessary to sustain such an enormous 'tree' would require the drying up of all of its host planet's water bodies - which is used as a plot device to explain the drying up of mars.	the book discussed several merits/demerits of such an approach to the beanstalk - the primary demerit being that the water necessary to sustain such an enormous 'tree' would require the drying up of all of its host planet's water bodies - which is used as a plot device to explain the drying up of mars.
its fragile terai ecosystem comprises a mesmerizing mosaic of sal and teak forests, lush grasslands, numerous swamps and wetlands.	its fragile terai ecosystem comprises a mosaic of sal and teak forests, lush grasslands, numerous swamps and wetlands.
none of the three assassins was ever apprehended or charged, but coughlan, a member of fianna fail as well as the ira, was killed in dublin in 1928 by a police informer whom he was attempting to murder.	none of the three assassins was ever apprehended or charged, but coughlan, a member of fianna fail as well as the ira, was killed in dublin in 1928 by a police undercover agent whom he was attempting to murder.
oppression since the independence of slovakia	since the independence of slovakia
the church was finally completed after clermont had resigned in december, 1908. the final stages of completing the church and its dedication were under a new pastor, rev.	the church was completed after clermont had resigned in december, 1908. the final stages of completing the church and its dedication were under a new pastor, rev.
sullivan & cromwell is a legendary law firm known for representing powerful industrial interests such as exxon and mobil, both owned by rockefeller.	sullivan & cromwell is a renowned and highly-regarded law firm known for representing powerful industrial interests such as exxon and mobil, both owned by rockefeller.
holy water is water that has been blessed by a member of the clergy or a religious figure.	holy water is water that is believed to have been blessed by a member of the clergy or a religious figure.
"rothermere infamously wrote a daily mail editorial entitled ""hurrah for the blackshirts"", in january 1934, praising oswald mosley for his ""sound, commonsense, conservative doctrine""."	"rothermere wrote a daily mail editorial entitled ""hurrah for the blackshirts"", in january 1934, praising oswald mosley for his ""sound, commonsense, conservative doctrine""."
in july 2013 two environmental groups and one local organization filed a federal lawsuit against the u.s. department of transportation and federal highway administration, alleging that the federal agencies had violated federal law by signing off on an environmental impact study that failed to establish the need for the so-called illiana expressway and that did not properly evaluate alternatives for the proposed route.	in july 2013 two environmental groups and one local organization filed a federal lawsuit against the u.s. department of transportation and federal highway administration, alleging that the federal agencies had violated federal law by signing off on an environmental impact study that failed to establish the need for the illiana expressway and that did not properly evaluate alternatives for the proposed route.
the result, arguably one of the worst in the club's history , prompted protests outside ibrox and demands for the situation to improve and chairman david murray to leave the club.	the result, reported as one of the worst in the club's history , prompted protests outside ibrox and demands for the situation to improve and chairman david murray to leave the club.
the famous footballer reidar kvammen was appointed coach the next year aside alf ravndal.	the international footballer reidar kvammen was appointed coach the next year aside alf ravndal.
it runs on a range of platforms, including gnu/ linux, bsd, and mac os x. as free software it is freely available including the source code under the terms of the gnu general public license (gpl).	it runs on a range of platforms, including linux, bsd, and mac os x. as free software it is freely available including the source code under the terms of the gnu general public license (gpl).
in january 2007, the special was finally released to the public on youtube.	in january 2007, the special was released to the public on youtube.
"hamas (, acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya, arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian terror organization established in 1987 during the first intifada, and is an offshoot of the muslim brotherhood movement in egypt."	"hamas (, acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya, arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian islamist organization established in 1987 during the first intifada, and is an offshoot of the muslim brotherhood movement in egypt."
the m17 marker is found in only five to ten percent of middle eastern men.	the m17 marker is found in five to ten percent of middle eastern men.
it was the last major military operation by royalists who opposed the illegal overthrow of the kingdom of hawaii.	it was the last major military operation by royalists who opposed the overthrow of the kingdom of hawaii.
"hungry was also covered by sammy hagar and the new waver david edwards did a killer cover of ""kicks."""	"hungry was also covered by sammy hagar and the new waver david edwards did a cover of ""kicks."""
the refusal of senate republicans to even consider the nomination was a source of controversy.	the refusal of senate republicans to consider the nomination was a source of controversy.
after an extended period of popular dissatisfaction and economic decline under the administration of president carlos andrs prez and the violent repression known as el caracazo, chvez made extensive preparations for a military coup d'tat.	after an extended period of popular dissatisfaction and economic decline under the administration of president carlos andrs prez and the repression known as el caracazo, chvez made extensive preparations for a military coup d'tat.
poker is a noble card game, the most popular of a class of games called vying games, in which players with fully or partially concealed cards make wagers into a central pot, which is awarded to the player or players with the best combination of cards or to the player who makes an uncalled bet.	poker is a card game, the most popular of a class of games called vying games, in which players with fully or partially concealed cards make wagers into a central pot, which is awarded to the player or players with the best combination of cards or to the player who makes an uncalled bet.
openlaszlo is an open source platform for the development and delivery of web application with a nice human interface (sometimes called rich internet applications) on the world wide web.	openlaszlo is an open source platform for the development and delivery of web application with a usable human interface (sometimes called rich internet applications) on the world wide web.
john petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is an american virtuoso guitarist best known as a founding member of the progressive metal group dream theater.	john petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is an american guitarist best known as a founding member of the progressive metal group dream theater.
the mock- crucifixion scene during live to tell is the reason of the ban in both countries respectively.	the crucifixion scene during live to tell is the reason of the ban in both countries respectively.
black queers and women were sometimes censured outright in an effort to merge black identity with masculinity.	black gays and women were sometimes censured outright in an effort to merge black identity with masculinity.
the result is a spectacular cedar-wood boat long, its timbers held together by ropes, which is now currently housed in a special boat-shaped, air-conditioned museum beside the pyramid.	the result is a cedar-wood boat long, its timbers held together by ropes, which is now currently housed in a special boat-shaped, air-conditioned museum beside the pyramid.
however, many employers have implemented draconian absence policies which make no distinction between absences for genuine illness and absence for inappropriate reasons.	however, many employers have implemented absence policies which make no distinction between absences for genuine illness and absence for inappropriate reasons.
in liberal western societies, a date is an occasion when one socializes with a potential wife .	in liberal western societies, a date is an occasion when one socializes with a potential lover or spouse .
barney stinson is an awesome fictional character created by carter bays and craig thomas for the cbs television series how i met your mother, portrayed by neil patrick harris.	barney stinson is an fictional character created by carter bays and craig thomas for the cbs television series how i met your mother, portrayed by neil patrick harris.
in march 2008, the news of the world, a british tabloid newspaper, released video footage of mosley engaged in sado-masochistic sexual acts with five prostitutes in a scenario that the paper said involved nazi role-playing.	in march 2008, the news of the world, a british tabloid newspaper, released video footage of mosley engaged in sado-masochistic sexual acts with five sex workers in a scenario that the paper said involved nazi role-playing.
the london school of economics and political science (lse) is a highly-ranked specialist constituent college of the university of london.	the london school of economics and political science (lse) is a specialist constituent college of the university of london.
operation rescue is a controversial christian anti-abortion terrorist organization, founded in the united states by randall terry in 1986.	operation rescue is a controversial christian anti-abortion organization, founded in the united states by randall terry in 1986.
the plaintiffs successfully argued that intelligent design is a form of creationism, and that the school board policy thus violated the establishment clause of the first amendment to the united states constitution.	the plaintiffs argued that intelligent design is a form of creationism, and that the school board policy thus violated the establishment clause of the first amendment to the united states constitution.
lucy bailey is a major british theatre director, known for productions such as baby doll at britain's national theatre	lucy bailey is a british theatre director, known for productions such as baby doll at britain's national theatre
the show was notorious for its cast changes.	the show was notable for its cast changes.
julia roberts did, however, receive a broadway.com audience award (a very minor theatrical prize) for her peformance.	julia roberts did, however, receive a broadway.com audience award (a minor theatrical prize) for her peformance.
alcoholics anonymous (aa) is an informal religious society for recovering alcoholics.	alcoholics anonymous (aa) is an informal society for recovering alcoholics.
the book is set a thousand years after the cataclysm, after the time of the game itself, and involves the quest of a former messenger to save mankind from the fallen.	the book is set a thousand years after the cataclysm, after the time of the game itself, and involves the quest of a former messenger to save humanity from the fallen.
post-marino era (20002011)	post-marino period (20002011)
the islamic republic of pakistan, or islami jamhooriya-e-pakistan, in urdu, or pakistan, is a jehadi country located in south asia and the greater middle east.	the islamic republic of pakistan, or islami jamhooriya-e-pakistan, in urdu, or pakistan, is a country located in south asia and the greater middle east.
colonel wilma deering was portrayed by popular actress/model erin gray in the made for tv movie and subsequent nbc television series buck rogers in the 25th century.	colonel wilma deering was portrayed by actress/model erin gray in the made for tv movie and subsequent nbc television series buck rogers in the 25th century.
this may or may not be a sex show, although the latter kind has eventually become the most common usage of the term since the advent of cinema and television, which destroyed various kinds of entertainment provided by wandering showmen.	this may or may not be a sex show, although the latter kind has eventually become the most common usage of the term since the advent of cinema and television, which largely replaced the various kinds of entertainment provided by wandering showmen.
this section is a major trunk road as far as penzance.	this section is a trunk road as far as penzance.
india's cricket team wins the inaugural icc world twenty20 held in south africa after dramatically beating arch-rivals pakistan in the last over.	india's cricket team wins the inaugural icc world twenty20 held in south africa after beating arch-rivals pakistan in the last over.
some critics see merits in capitalism and wish to balance capitalism with some form of social control, typically through government regulation (e.g., the social market movement and the british labour party).	some critics recognize merits in capitalism and wish to balance capitalism with some form of social control, typically through government regulation (e.g., the social market movement and the british labour party).
from 1814 until the death of pope gregory xvi in 1846, the popes followed a harshly reactionary policy in the papal states.	from 1814 until the death of pope gregory xvi in 1846, the popes followed a reactionary policy in the papal states.
the correct pronunciation of vincent van gogh's name is .	the dutch pronunciation of vincent van gogh's name is .
all items that are returned must pass some type of inspection or diagnostic test before being re-sold.	all items that are returned supposedly pass some type of inspection or diagnostic test before being re-sold.
yet another theory was that the retaliation was for sokolich's opposition to the pa's recent toll hike.	another theory was that the retaliation was for sokolich's opposition to the pa's recent toll hike.
"beyond the historical information accepted by most secular scholars, the gospels attest that jesus was the messiah prophesied in the old testament (or hebrew bible); that he was god, and the ""son of god""; that his mother mary was a virgin; and that after his crucifixion he rose from the dead, then ascended into heaven."	"beyond the historical information accepted by most secular scholars, the gospels make various additional claims about jesus; for instance, that jesus was the messiah prophesied in the old testament (or hebrew bible); that he was god, and the ""son of god""; that his mother mary was a virgin; and that after his crucifixion he rose from the dead, then ascended into heaven."
he responded to these reports in 2000 in interviews with gay-lesbian magazine the advocate , but refused to deny that he was gay, saying that to say such a thing would imply that there was something wrong with being gay, and with talk-show host jay leno.	he responded to these reports in 2000 in interviews with gay-lesbian magazine the advocate , where he refused to deny that he was gay, saying that to say such a thing would imply that there was something wrong with being gay, and with talk-show host jay leno.
under the influence of christian missionaries in hawaii, sun had developed a disdain for superstition .	under the influence of christian missionaries in hawaii, sun had developed a disdain for traditional chinese religious beliefs .
"fleka's choice words were incorporated into the track and, titled ""the magnificent"", it was dispatched to go!"	"fleka's words were incorporated into the track and, titled ""the magnificent"", it was dispatched to go!"
from march 2004 until july 2006 the show was hosted by film actress/ comedienne janeane garofalo and originally aired on the air america radio network.	from march 2004 until july 2006 the show was hosted by film actress/ comedian janeane garofalo and originally aired on the air america radio network.
"to science fiction fans, daniels is perhaps best known for directing over a dozen episodes of star trek (including the classic ""mirror, mirror"") and writing an episode of the animated series (""one of our planets is missing"")."	"to science fiction fans, daniels is perhaps best known for directing over a dozen episodes of star trek (including the episode ""mirror, mirror"") and writing an episode of the animated series (""one of our planets is missing"")."
complex existence is widely agreed upon in the area of depth psychology, a branch of psychology that insists the most significant parts of your personality are derived from your unconscious.	complex existence is widely agreed upon in the area of depth psychology, a branch of psychology that asserts the most significant parts of your personality are derived from your unconscious.
saban is the product of sculptor glenna goodacre, originally from lubbock and now santa fe, new mexico.	saban is the daughter of sculptor glenna goodacre, originally from lubbock and now santa fe, new mexico.
this omission by microsoft has been widely criticisized as having led to a huge waste in energy.	this omission by microsoft has been criticisized as having led to a huge waste in energy.
bukkake (japanese: ) (1: ipa: /bu:kake/ 2: ipa: /bkke/) is a sexual practice that features a woman being ejaculated on by multiple men.	bukkake (japanese: ) (1: ipa: /bu:kake/ 2: ipa: /bkke/) is a sexual practice that features a person being ejaculated on by multiple men.
the standard wiring colours in the uk are the same as elsewhere in europe, australia, and new zealand and follow international standard iec 60446. this colour scheme had already been introduced for appliance flexes in the uk in the early 1970s, however the original colour scheme recommended by the iee for fixed wiring was permitted until 2006. as a result, the international standard blue/brown scheme is as of 2006 found in most appliance flexes.	the standard wiring colours in the uk are the same as in europe, australia, and new zealand and follow international standard iec 60446. this colour scheme had already been introduced for appliance flexes in the uk in the early 1970s, however the original colour scheme recommended by the iee for fixed wiring was permitted until 2006. as a result, the international standard blue/brown scheme is as of 2006 found in most appliance flexes.
the earliest of these dates to 1909, while the bulk occurred between 1951 and 1967. the 1909 game, featuring the ottawa rough riders and hamilton tigers, was sponsored by the new york herald and played at a park in the bronx; this in the era when the canadian game was more similar to rugby football and did not feature modern rules such as the forward pass.	the earliest of these dates to 1909, while the bulk occurred between 1951 and 1967. the 1909 game, featuring the ottawa rough riders and hamilton tigers, was sponsored by the new york herald and played at van cortlandt park in the bronx; this in the era when the canadian game was more similar to rugby football and did not feature modern rules such as the forward pass.
as respected as mingus was for his musical genius , he was often feared for his sometimes violent onstage temper, which was at times directed at members of his band, and other times aimed at the audience.	as respected as mingus was for his musical talents , he was often feared for his sometimes violent onstage temper, which was at times directed at members of his band, and other times aimed at the audience.
richard hofstadter confesses that his use of the terminology is pejorative.	richard hofstadter said that his use of the terminology is pejorative.
the sage group plc is a leading uk based supplier of accounting, payroll, crm and business management software (including manufacturing and construction-specific ranges) as well as related services to small and medium-sized enterprises (sme).	the sage group plc is a uk based supplier of accounting, payroll, crm and business management software (including manufacturing and construction-specific ranges) as well as related services to small and medium-sized enterprises (sme).
the european council on foreign relations (ecfr) is a pan-european think tank which conducts research and promotes informed debate across europe on the development of coherent and effective european values-based foreign policy.	the european council on foreign relations (ecfr) is a pan-european think tank which conducts research and promotes debate across europe on the development of coherent and effective european values-based foreign policy.
later in the season, stanford was a 41-point underdog to #1 usc, but defeated them 24-23 with a touchdown in the final minute; among the greatest upsets in college football history.	later in the season, stanford was a 41-point underdog to #1 usc, but defeated them 24-23 with a touchdown in the final minute; among the most significant upsets in college football history.
sindicato de trabajadores de la industria de la bebida y similares (spanish for union of beverage and related industry workers) is a trade union in honduras founded in 1959. it is affilliated to futh, a marxist trade union congress, and internationally to the iuf.	sindicato de trabajadores de la industria de la bebida y similares (spanish for union of beverage and related industry workers) is a trade union in honduras founded in 1959. it is affilliated to futh, a trade union congress, and internationally to the iuf.
he was best known for his numerous inter-religious public debates with evangelical christians, as well as pioneering video lectures, most of which centered around islam, christianity and the bible.	he was best known for his numerous inter-religious public debates with evangelical christians, as well as video lectures, most of which centered around islam, christianity and the bible.
"the proliferation of ""intelligences"" he has been suggesting followed the lead of howard gardner (1983) and has been copied by other theorists who have been coming up with related fanciful notions (e.g., daniel goleman, 1995 - ""emotional intelligence"")."	"the proliferation of ""intelligences"" he has been suggesting followed the lead of howard gardner (1983) and has been copied by other theorists who have been coming up with related notions (e.g., daniel goleman, 1995 - ""emotional intelligence"")."
"tamao sat ( sat tamao), born in chiba, japan, is a well-known japanese actress, seiyu (voice actress), television personality and model, perhaps best known for co-hosting ""o-sama brunch"", a tokyo broadcasting system saturday morning show."	"tamao sat ( sat tamao), born in chiba, japan, is a japanese actress , seiyu (voice actress), television personality and model , perhaps best known for co-hosting ""o-sama brunch"", a tokyo broadcasting system saturday morning show."
although a popular emmy nominated animated series, family guy is the target of criticism from many for several different stupid reasons.	although a popular emmy nominated animated series, family guy is the target of criticism from many for several different reasons.
the natural law party was very active in canadian federal and provincial elections.	the natural law party was active in canadian federal and provincial elections.
sir john fane ( mercenary captain) captain at the battle of poitiers 1356 who captured king john ii of france.	sir john fane (captain) captain at the battle of poitiers 1356 who captured king john ii of france.
when evangelical protestants received the revised standard version (rsv), which first appeared in whole in 1952, it was criticized by conservative christians .	when evangelical protestants received the revised standard version (rsv), which first appeared in whole in 1952, it was criticized by conservative evangelicals .
the city was liberated from terrorism on october 17 and battle operations officially ended on october 23.	the city was liberated from militant-control on october 17 and battle operations officially ended on october 23.
they look through time and select three mighty warriors and bring them forward to help: sigrid, a viking battle maiden, magnus of the danes, a teutonic knight, and erik loonroth, a nazi messerschmitt pilot in the second world war.	they look through time and select three mighty warriors and bring them forward to help: sigrid, a viking battle maiden, magnus of the danes, a teutonic knight, and erik loonroth, a luftwaffe messerschmitt pilot in the second world war.
there were less than 250 athletes at the the first ioc olympic games.	there were less than 250 athletes at the the first olympic games.
strandhill is a beautiful seaside resort village in county sligo, ireland .	strandhill is a seaside resort village in county sligo, ireland .
the english defence league (edl) is a far-right street protest movement which opposes what it believe to be a spread of islamism, sharia law and islamic extremism in england.	the english defence league (edl) is a far-right street protest movement which opposes what it considers to be a spread of islamism, sharia law and islamic extremism in england.
ferris bueller's day off is a great example of this.	ferris bueller's day off is a popular example of this.
"williams counters several of the book's arguments against the existence of god, including dawkins' case against the anthropic principle, his ""argument from improbability"" and dawkins' own god hypothesis."	"williams proposes rebuttals to several of the book's arguments against the existence of god, including dawkins' case against the anthropic principle, his ""argument from improbability"" and dawkins' own god hypothesis."
"however, ""free software"" which is also freeware is usually simply referred just as ""free software"", thus the term freeware commonly refers to the sub-set of freeware with a non-free licence."	"however, ""free software"" which is also freeware is usually simply referred just as ""free software"", thus the term freeware commonly refers to the sub-set of freeware with a proprietary licence."
her brother arthur moved to canada in the 1970s, in order to dodge the draft in the us, becoming a member of the legislative assembly of yukon and the leader of the yukon liberal party in the 2000s.	her brother arthur moved to canada in the 1970s, in order to avoid the draft in the us, becoming a member of the legislative assembly of yukon and the leader of the yukon liberal party in the 2000s.
he was inducted into the english football hall of fame in 2004 in recognition of his undoubted impact on the english game, and became the only irish player to be selected into the fifa 100, a list of the greatest living footballers picked by pel.	he was inducted into the english football hall of fame in 2004 in recognition of his impact on the english game, and became the only irish player to be selected into the fifa 100, a list of the greatest living footballers picked by pel.
many further examples of customer testimonials (as opposed to theological analysis) from clergy appear on the landmark education website.	some further examples of customer testimonials (as opposed to theological analysis) from clergy appear on the landmark education website.
aritha van herk (born 1954) is a minor canadian writer and teacher.	aritha van herk (born 1954) is a canadian writer and teacher.
"bloggers associated with cap published several anti-israel posts using phrases like ""apartheid"" and ""israel-firsters,"" causing ngo monitor, american jewish committee, the anti-defamation league and others to call on cap to disassociate themselves from these statements."	"bloggers associated with cap published several posts using phrases like ""apartheid"" and ""israel-firsters,"" causing ngo monitor, american jewish committee, the anti-defamation league and others to call on cap to disassociate themselves from these statements."
in the last pairing on sunday, johnson had trouble early and never recovered; he shot a disappointing 82 and finished tied for eighth (mcdowell won the championship).	in the last pairing on sunday, johnson had trouble early and never recovered; he shot a 82 and finished tied for eighth (mcdowell won the championship).
katy brand (born 1979), english actress, comedienne and writer	katy brand (born 1979), english actress, comedian and writer
kennedy died from complications of a deadly form of brain cancer called gligoblastoma multiforme on tuesday, august 25, 2009, at his home in hyannis port, two weeks after the death of his sister eunice.	kennedy died from complications of a form of brain cancer called gligoblastoma multiforme on tuesday, august 25, 2009, at his home in hyannis port, two weeks after the death of his sister eunice.
the lands governed by the fyr macedonia were previously the southernmost part of yugoslavia.	the lands governed by the republic of macedonia were previously the southernmost part of yugoslavia.
"in the final home game of the 200809 season, the cherries guaranteed their football league status by beating grimsby town 21 with a winning goal ten minutes from time by bournemouth legend steve fletcher, sparking wild celebrations after a fairytale ending to ""the great escape."""	"in the final home game of the 200809 season, the cherries guaranteed their football league status by beating grimsby town 21 with a winning goal ten minutes from time by bournemouth 's steve fletcher, sparking wild celebrations after a fairytale ending to ""the great escape."""
since the time in which he allegedly lived, a number of noted individuals have criticised jesus, some of whom were themselves christians.	since the time in which he is said to have lived, a number of noted individuals have criticised jesus, some of whom were themselves christians.
cindy sheehan (born c. 1957) is an anti- american anti-iraq war activist who attracted international attention in august 2005 for her extended demonstration outside president george w. bush's texas ranch.	cindy sheehan (born c. 1957) is an american anti-iraq war activist who attracted international attention in august 2005 for her extended demonstration outside president george w. bush's texas ranch.
"democratic party candidate and sitting vice president al gore claimed that clinton's scandal had been ""a drag"" that deflated the enthusiasm of their party's base, effectively suppressing democratic votes."	"democratic party candidate and sitting vice president al gore claimed that clinton's scandal had been ""a drag"" that deflated the enthusiasm of their party's base, effectively reducing democratic votes."
denzil meuli (pierre denzil) (born 1926) is a controversial roman catholic priest of the roman catholic diocese of auckland.	denzil meuli (pierre denzil) (born 1926) is a roman catholic priest of the roman catholic diocese of auckland.
hillary clinton's allegations included attacks against independent counsel kenneth starr, who she claimed leaked information damaging to her husband.	hillary clinton's allegations included criticisms directed against independent counsel kenneth starr, who she claimed leaked information damaging to her husband.
after the skyplummetting popularity of the newly elected federalist quebec government in 2003-2004, the sponsorship scandal, the bloc's renewed popularity for the 2004 federal elections and the rise in support for sovereignty (49% in april 2004), some militants evoked the return of a new three part plan.	after the skyplummetting popularity of the newly elected federalist quebec government in 2003-2004, the sponsorship scandal, the bloc's renewed popularity for the 2004 federal elections and the rise in support for sovereignty (49% in april 2004), some evoked the return of a new three part plan.
in 2005, conservative federal judge laurence silberman stated that moyers denied writing the memo in a 1975 phone call, an unverified claim that moyers disputes.	in 2005, conservative federal judge laurence silberman stated that moyers denied writing the memo in a 1975 phone call, an claim that moyers disputes.
beta versions of both games were unfortunately leaked to pirate bulletin boards exactly one week after atari received unprotected copies for a marketing review, and were in wide circulation months before the original release date.	beta versions of both games were leaked to pirate bulletin boards exactly one week after atari received unprotected copies for a marketing review, and were in wide circulation months before the original release date.
the series began on march 27, 2005 airing in boston legals timeslot to gain viewers from the hit series desperate housewives.	the series began on march 27, 2005 airing in boston legals timeslot to gain viewers from the series desperate housewives.
gary north is a controversial writer and publisher from the christian reconstruction movement.	gary north is a writer and publisher from the christian reconstruction movement.
currently under south korean administration , the islets are also claimed by japan.	currently under south korean control , the islets are also claimed by japan.
the british sent several thousand troops, including general john burgoyne and hessian mercenaries , to reinforce those in the province in may 1776. general carleton then launched a counter-offensive, ultimately driving the smallpox-weakened and disorganized american forces back to fort ticonderoga.	the british sent several thousand troops, including general john burgoyne and hessian allies , to reinforce those in the province in may 1776. general carleton then launched a counter-offensive, ultimately driving the smallpox-weakened and disorganized american forces back to fort ticonderoga.
most sophisticated tax codes now prevent transfer pricing scams of this nature.	most sophisticated tax codes now prevent transfer pricing schemes of this nature.
us president barack obama had scheduled a visit to kennedy space center on april 29 to view the launch, and despite the canceled launch attempt before his arrival, he still toured an orbiter processing facility at launch complex 39 and met with giffords and the six crewmen .	us president barack obama had scheduled a visit to kennedy space center on april 29 to view the launch, and despite the canceled launch attempt before his arrival, he still toured an orbiter processing facility at launch complex 39 and met with giffords and the six crewmembers .
wearing a corset can also improve the bustline, by raising the breasts upwards and shaping them, flattening the stomach, and improving posture.	wearing a corset can also change the bustline, by raising the breasts upwards and shaping them, flattening the stomach, and improving posture.
the holman christian standard bible (hcsb or holman csb) is an english translation of the holy bible, published by holman bible publishers.	the holman christian standard bible (hcsb or holman csb) is an english translation of the bible, published by holman bible publishers.
adherents, usually referred to as latter-day saints, lds, or mormons, are restorationist christians, but do not consider themselves part of the catholic, orthodox or protestant traditions.	adherents, usually referred to as latter-day saints, lds, or mormons, refer to themselves as restorationist christians, but do not consider themselves part of the catholic, orthodox or protestant traditions.
in his early paintings, tuke placed his male nudes in safely mythological contexts, but the critics found these works to be rather formal, lifeless and flaccid.	in his early paintings, tuke placed his male nudes in mythological contexts, but the critics found these works to be rather formal, lifeless and flaccid.
the pro-israel media watchdog organization camera has put together a list of over 25 assertions by carter they assert are factually incorrect, along with rebuttals.	the media watchdog organization camera has put together a list of over 25 assertions by carter they assert are factually incorrect, along with rebuttals.
the money is the 146th episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the money is the 146th episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
nice animation of a stepping motor	animation of a stepping motor
"a second video, made exclusively for australia, features a completely different scenario from the first; instead of clips of human sin, the video tells the story of a woman working at a government-run pharmaceutical company learning of a plan to develop a deadly new virus for ""social control"", and - with the help of several people dressed in black hooded sweatshirts with linkin park's logo on them - smuggles out several blood samples of a human test subject of the virus to expose the conspiracy."	"a second video, made exclusively for australia, features a considerably different scenario from the first; instead of clips of human sin, the video tells the story of a woman working at a government-run pharmaceutical company learning of a plan to develop a deadly new virus for ""social control"", and - with the help of several people dressed in black hooded sweatshirts with linkin park's logo on them - smuggles out several blood samples of a human test subject of the virus to expose the conspiracy."
the book got a mixed reception among conservative scholars, and caused intense controversy among both western and indian audience members who objected to the ideas put forth in the book.	the book got a mixed reception among scholars, and caused intense controversy among both western and indian audience members who objected to the ideas put forth in the book.
henry alfred kissinger (born may 27, 1923) is a diplomat who played an important part in foreign affairs via his role in several republican administrations between 1968 and 1976.	henry alfred kissinger (born may 27, 1923) is an american diplomat who played an important part in foreign affairs via his role in several republican administrations between 1968 and 1976.
"rothermere famously wrote an article entitled ""hurrah for the blackshirts"", in january 1934, praising mosley for his ""sound, commonsense, conservative doctrine"" ."	"rothermere wrote an article entitled ""hurrah for the blackshirts"", in january 1934, praising mosley for his ""sound, commonsense, conservative doctrine"" ."
"the hilltop altar is located on the north side of the cemetery and bears the latin inscription ""in sacerdotum memoriam"" from its location in the west hills, mount calvary has spectacular views of portland and the surrounding mountains in the cascade range, as well as the columbia river."	"the hilltop altar is located on the north side of the cemetery and bears the latin inscription ""in sacerdotum memoriam"" from its location in the west hills, mount calvary has views of portland and the surrounding mountains in the cascade range, as well as the columbia river."
blue earth is home to many examples of great midwestern architecture, including:	blue earth is home to many examples of midwestern architecture, including:
the statement is very critical of christian zionism because it provides a worldview where the gospel is identified with the ideology of empire, colonialism and militarism.	the statement is very critical of christian zionism because it views it as providing a worldview where the gospel is identified with the ideology of empire, colonialism and militarism.
carol raye (born 17 january 1923) is a retired english-born singer and dancer, theatre and television and film actress and comedienne .	carol raye (born 17 january 1923) is a retired english-born singer and dancer, theatre and television and film actress and comedian .
"in a public break, hitchens complained that said denied any possibility ""that direct western engagement in the region is legitimate"" and that said's analysis cast ""every instance of european curiosity about the east as part of a grand design to exploit and remake what westerners saw as a passive, rich, but ultimately contemptible 'oriental' sphere""."	"in a public break, hitchens stated that said denied any possibility ""that direct western engagement in the region is legitimate"" and that said's analysis cast ""every instance of european curiosity about the east as part of a grand design to exploit and remake what westerners saw as a passive, rich, but ultimately contemptible 'oriental' sphere""."
hacker (term), a contentious term used in computing for several types of person	hacker (term), a term used in computing for several types of person
lnnroth took the history subject to a new level in sweden, he further developed and refined the hypercritical theory of history that his mentor, curt weibull, had introduced.	lnnroth took the history subject to a new level in sweden, he further developed and refined the critical theory of history that his mentor, curt weibull, had introduced.
exceptionalism) refers to the controversial theory that the united states occupies a special niche among developed nations in terms of its national credo, historical evolution, political and religious institutions and unique origins.	exceptionalism) refers to the theory that the united states occupies a special niche among developed nations in terms of its national credo, historical evolution, political and religious institutions and unique origins.
paths of glory is a 1957 american anti-war film by stanley kubrick based on the novel of the same name by humphrey cobb.	paths of glory is a 1957 american film by stanley kubrick based on the novel of the same name by humphrey cobb.
the free territory existed only until june 1919, but in that time, communities operated successfully on the economic theories of peter kropotkin and educational principles of francesc ferrer i gurdia.	the free territory existed only until june 1919, but in that time, communities operated on the economic theories of peter kropotkin and educational principles of francesc ferrer i gurdia.
on january 27 2008, holden received a broken leg, after a horrid tackle by celtic's stephen mcmanus, during falkirk's 1–0 home defeat to the reigning spl champions.	on january 27 2008, holden received a broken leg, after a late tackle by celtic's stephen mcmanus, during falkirk's 1–0 home defeat to the reigning spl champions.
"he is the ""dark man "", the ""walking dude"", who goes by many names, seeking the destruction of civilization for his own unholy glee."	"he is the ""dark man "", the ""walking dude"", who goes by many names, seeking the destruction of civilization for his own evil glee."
the kemetic god khepri, ra as the rising sun, was often depicted as a scarab beetle or as a scarab beetle-headed man.	the egyptian god khepri, ra as the rising sun, was often depicted as a scarab beetle or as a scarab beetle-headed man.
"the next album semper fidelis marked wagner's parting of his former artistic persona of ""kanwulf"" and the genesis and embrace of his new gimmick , simply ""ash"", which has been his nickname since his childhood."	"the next album semper fidelis marked wagner's parting of his former artistic persona of ""kanwulf"" and the genesis and embrace of his new persona , simply ""ash"", which has been his nickname since his childhood."
wendy doniger (born november 20 1940) is a controversial scholar of hinduism.	wendy doniger (born november 20 1940) is a scholar of hinduism.
like many of his comrades, young stalin reacted by being drawn to georgian nationalism .	like many of his comrades, young stalin reacted by being drawn to georgian patriotism .
"the episode version of ""mr. hankey's christmas classics"" is episode 315 of south park, and originally aired december 1, 1999. it features mr. hankey, the lovable christmas feces, as the host; he sits by the fire in his sewer home and introduces shorts featuring very unusual christmas carols."	"the episode version of ""mr. hankey's christmas classics"" is episode 315 of south park, and originally aired december 1, 1999. it features mr. hankey, the christmas feces, as the host; he sits by the fire in his sewer home and introduces shorts featuring very unusual christmas carols."
in 1979 her work plagie-la-charette won the prestigious prix goncourt, giving her the distinction of being the only non-european to be awarded the prize.	in 1979 her work plagie-la-charette won the prix goncourt, giving her the distinction of being the only non-european to be awarded the prize.
samir wrote several treatises on adhunantika aspects of our indian, especially bengali society, that have impacted post-colonial mindset, and obviously arts, literature and culture.	samir wrote several treatises on adhunantika aspects of indian, especially bengali society, that have impacted post-colonial mindset, and obviously arts, literature and culture.
the exile regularly publishes columns by the extremist politician, russian dissident, and avant garde writer eduard limonov.	the exile regularly publishes columns by the politician, russian dissident, and avant garde writer eduard limonov.
folsom claims robber barons were constructive visionaries who benefited consumers and were integral to the development of industry.	folsom believes robber barons were constructive visionaries who benefited consumers and were integral to the development of industry.
"some pubs often bear the name of ""hotel"" because they are in countries where stringent anti-drinking laws were once necessary ."	"some pubs often bear the name of ""hotel"" because they are in countries where stringent anti-drinking laws were once in place ."
environmentally responsible manufacturers are all abandoning the use of wet process in response to the need to minimize co2 emissions.	environmentally concerned manufacturers are all abandoning the use of wet process in response to the need to minimize co2 emissions.
ehret continued the trend by opening a sanatorium in alhamba, california, before embarking on a popular lecture tour.	ehret continued the trend by opening a sanatorium in alhamba, california, before embarking on a lecture tour.
joseph s. blatter (born 10 march 1936) is the 8th and current president of fifa (fdration internationale de corrupte football association).	joseph s. blatter (born 10 march 1936) is the 8th and current president of fifa (fdration internationale de football association).
the pakistani actions were seen as a part of the war on terrorism, and had connections to the war and taliban insurgency in afghanistan.	the pakistani actions were presented as a part of the war on terrorism, and had connections to the war and taliban insurgency in afghanistan.
"friedrich engels explained that in 1848, at the time when the communist manifesto was published, ""socialism was respectable on the continent, while communism was not."""	"friedrich engels argued that in 1848, at the time when the communist manifesto was published, ""socialism was respectable on the continent, while communism was not."""
he also scored a try against the springboks but unfortunately the lions lost 2621, although they came back strongly after starting the second half 267 down.	he also scored a try against the springboks but the lions lost 2621, although they came back strongly after starting the second half 267 down.
northern epirus was awarded to albania by an international boundary commission.	northern epirus was given to albania by an international boundary commission.
borat pointlessly appears and congratulates them for having a happy ending.	borat appears and congratulates them for having a happy ending.
cvbgs at the time consisted of a far larger number of ships than current cvbgs, and this marked the only time cvbgs have fought each other, notably at the battle of coral sea for the first time and then at the epic battle of midway one month later.	cvbgs at the time consisted of a far larger number of ships than current cvbgs, and this marked the only time cvbgs have fought each other, notably at the battle of coral sea for the first time and then at the battle of midway one month later.
whole pizzas can be served, cut in half with chips in the middle, creating a fantastic pizza and chip 'sandwich'.	whole pizzas can be served, cut in half with chips in the middle, creating a pizza and chip 'sandwich'.
some eccentric wealthy individuals without children create such trusts in their will.	some wealthy individuals without children create such trusts in their will.
the interaction of the solar wind with earth's magnetic field creates the aurora borealis .	the interaction of the solar wind with earth's magnetic field creates the aurora .
fidel alejandro castro ruz, (born august 13, 1926), is the current dictator of cuba.	fidel alejandro castro ruz, (born august 13, 1926), is the current president of cuba.
ffdshow has the incredible ability to manipulate audio by adding special effects to the music such as an equalizer, a dolby decoder, winamp plugins, and a lot more.	ffdshow has the ability to manipulate audio by adding special effects to the music such as an equalizer, a dolby decoder, winamp plugins, and a lot more.
supernova17 was banned after agreeing to promote a story for cash to an undercover digg sting operation.	supernova17 was banned after being entrapped to promote a story for cash to an undercover digg sting operation.
campaign responses to conservative internet and radio chatter	campaign responses to conservative internet and radio criticisms
the wright brothers, orville wright (august 19, 1871 - january 30, 1948) and wilbur wright (april 16, 1867 - may 30, 1912), are incorrectly credited with the design and construction of the first practical aeroplane, and making the first controllable, powered heavier-than-air flight along with many other aviation milestones.	the wright brothers, orville wright (august 19, 1871 - january 30, 1948) and wilbur wright (april 16, 1867 - may 30, 1912), are generally credited with the design and construction of the first practical aeroplane, and making the first controllable, powered heavier-than-air flight along with many other aviation milestones.
alt=example alt text|ricardo pau-llosaricardo pau-llosa (born may 17, 1954 in havana, cuba, lived in the united states since december 1960) is a cuban-american poet, pioneer art critic of latin american art in the us and europe, and author of short fiction.	alt=example alt text|ricardo pau-llosaricardo pau-llosa (born may 17, 1954 in havana, cuba, lived in the united states since december 1960) is a cuban-american poet, art critic of latin american art in the us and europe, and author of short fiction.
"known as ""mantequilla"", a name given to him by his famous trainer jose 'pepe' correa, brown was an exciting welterweight fighter who held titles at multiple weight classes and at one point was considered one of the best pound for pound fighters in boxing."	"known as ""mantequilla"", a name given to him by his famous trainer jose 'pepe' correa, brown was an welterweight fighter who held titles at multiple weight classes and at one point was considered one of the best pound for pound fighters in boxing."
there are a large number of mosques, churches, madrasahs, masjids, hans and hamams in the city.	there are a number of mosques, churches, madrasahs, masjids, hans and hamams in the city.
van susteren tends to take a conservative stance and allows her regular guest panelists to slug it out.	van susteren tends to take a neutral stance and allows her regular guest panelists to slug it out.
along the tops of the walls were public promenades, offering breathtaking views.	along the tops of the walls were public promenades, offering panoramic views.
the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act (commonly called the price-anderson act) limits liability for nuclear plant investors .	the price-anderson nuclear industries indemnity act (commonly called the price-anderson act) limits liability for nuclear plant operators .
in some industries deregulation of aspects of an industry were offset by more ambitious regulations elsewhere that hurt consumers, the electricity industry being a prime example.	according to cato institute, an american libertarian think-tank, some industries deregulation of aspects of an industry were offset by more ambitious regulations elsewhere that hurt consumers, the electricity industry being a prime example.
the titular emperor (empress) of russia is a pretender to be the heir to the emperors of russia since the abolition of the monarchy in 1917. in 1924, grand duke cyril proclaimed himself emperor, and his descendants have claimed that title since.	the titular emperor (empress) of russia is a claimant to be the heir to the emperors of russia since the abolition of the monarchy in 1917. in 1924, grand duke cyril proclaimed himself emperor, and his descendants have claimed that title since.
arlene croce, hermes pan, hannah hyam, and john mueller all consider rogers to have been astaire's finest dance partner, principally because of her ability to combine dancing skills, natural beauty, and exceptional abilities as a dramatic actress and comedienne , thus truly complementing astaire, a peerless dancer who sometimes struggled as an actor and was not considered classically handsome.	arlene croce, hermes pan, hannah hyam, and john mueller all consider rogers to have been astaire's finest dance partner, principally because of her ability to combine dancing skills, natural beauty, and exceptional abilities as a dramatic actress and comedian , thus truly complementing astaire, a peerless dancer who sometimes struggled as an actor and was not considered classically handsome.
censored legion of christ document collection	legion of christ document collection
list of major attacks on israeli civilians during the second intifada carried out during the second intifada	list of major attacks on civilians during the second intifada carried out during the second intifada
e. merton coulter, american racist historian	e. merton coulter, american historian
my life for ireland is a nazi propaganda movie from 1941 directed by max w. kimmich, covering a story of irish heroism and martyrdom over two generations under the occupation of the evil british.	my life for ireland is a nazi propaganda movie from 1941 directed by max w. kimmich, covering a story of irish heroism and martyrdom over two generations under the occupation of the british.
he also currently serves as a studio analyst for the fledgling mlb network.	he also currently serves as a studio analyst for the mlb network.
in august 2006, gaarder published an antisemitic op-ed piece in one of the largest newspapers in norway, aftenposten, expressing his outrage against israel's military operations since 1967 .	in august 2006, gaarder published an op-ed piece in one of the largest newspapers in norway, aftenposten, expressing his outrage against israel's military operations since 1967 .
unfortunately the material of the church has recently suffered two set-backs that were costly to repair.	the material of the church has recently suffered two set-backs that were costly to repair.
noted for its chapel architecture of narrow-pointed spires, it was registered with the filipino government by felix manalo on july 27, 1914, and claims to have been established by jesus christ in the last days through fulfillment of biblical prophecies.	noted for its chapel architecture of narrow-pointed spires, it was registered with the filipino government by felix manalo on july 27, 1914, and claims to have been established by jesus in the last days through fulfillment of biblical prophecies.
supposed inconsistencies in the 'design' of the universe	assertion of inconsistencies in the 'design' of the universe
on the september 3rd edition of raw', regal was savagely beaten by wwe champion john cena in retaliation for rewarding randy orton with a wwe title shot after orton had kicked john cena's father in the head the previous week.	on the september 3rd edition of raw', regal was beaten by wwe champion john cena in retaliation for rewarding randy orton with a wwe title shot after orton had kicked john cena's father in the head the previous week.
"the second single was ""push it"", which samples ""scarface (push it to the limit)"", the theme song off the gangster film scarface."	"the second single was ""push it"", which samples ""scarface (push it to the limit)"", the theme song off the film scarface."
other scholars , however, interpret the love between david and jonathan as more intimate than friendship.	other writers , however, interpret the love between david and jonathan as more intimate than friendship.
the train was inaugurated by ex prime minister mian muhammad nawaz sharif on 15 may 2015 at islamabad railway station.	the train was inaugurated by then- prime minister mian muhammad nawaz sharif on 15 may 2015 at islamabad railway station.
the popular show starred paul reiser and helen hunt as a newly married couple in new york city.	the show starred paul reiser and helen hunt as a newly married couple in new york city.
butler saw that prohibition was a mistake, with negative effects on the country.	butler believed that prohibition was a mistake, with negative effects on the country.
secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer said the system would not affect strategic balance or threaten russia, as the plan is to base only 10 interceptor missiles in poland with an associated radar in the czech republic.	secretary general jaap de hoop scheffer claimed the system would not affect strategic balance or threaten russia, as the plan is to base only 10 interceptor missiles in poland with an associated radar in the czech republic.
"after an amazing 3 hours of being ""clinically dead"", the dogs were revived, by a gentle electric shock to their hearts."	"after an amazing 3 hours of being ""clinically dead"", the dogs were revived, by a electric shock to their hearts."
this news means that they will be the first uk broadcaster to offer hdtv, beating bskyb.	this news means that they will be the first uk broadcaster to offer hdtv, several months earlier than their chief competitor bskyb.
septemberoctober 1987 tibetans in lhasa demonstrate against chinese occupation and call for independence; the chinese police fire on protesters and arrest 5,000 tibetans.	septemberoctober 1987 tibetans in lhasa demonstrate against chinese rule and call for independence; the chinese police fire on protesters and arrest 5,000 tibetans.
unbelievers and the hated white man would on that day perish.	unbelievers and the white man would on that day perish.
left-wing film director michael moore has been at the center of several controversies, mostly as a result of his political views and/or directing style.	film director michael moore has been at the center of several controversies, mostly as a result of his political views and/or directing style.
satanlovesfredphelps.comfeatures a hilarious montage of clips from phelps' sermons	satanlovesfredphelps.comfeatures a montage of clips from phelps' sermons
the tian'anmen square protests of 1989, also known as the tiananmen square massacre or june 4th incident, were a series of student-led, demonstrations in the people's republic of china, which occurred between april 15, 1989 and june 4, 1989. the protest is named after the location of the forceful, but necessary suppression of the movement in tian'anmen square, beijing by the people's liberation army.	the tian'anmen square protests of 1989, also known as the tiananmen square massacre or june 4th incident, were a series of student-led, demonstrations in the people's republic of china, which occurred between april 15, 1989 and june 4, 1989. the protest is named after the location of the forceful, though some say necessary suppression of the movement in tian'anmen square, beijing by the people's liberation army.
following ayatollah khomeini's february 14, 1989 death threat fatwa against author salman rushdie, convert to islam and former soft pop singer yusuf islam, aka cat stevens, made statements endorsing the fatwa.	following ayatollah khomeini's february 14, 1989 death threat fatwa against author salman rushdie, convert to islam and former soft pop singer yusuf islam, aka cat stevens, made statements that reportedly endorsed the fatwa.
in 1958 the gibb family, including infant brother, andy (19581988), immigrated to redcliffe in queensland, australia.	in 1958 the gibb family, including infant brother, andy (19581988), moved to redcliffe in queensland, australia.
prior to its april 2009 update, the pvi formula was calculated by comparing district-level results for the past two presidential elections to nationwide results for only the most recent election.	prior to its april 2009 update, the pvi formula was calculated by comparing district-level results for the past two presidential elections to nationwide results for the most recent election.
although powerbuilder's day as a leading development tool has passed, it remains in use at hundreds of organizations around the world.	although powerbuilder's day as a major development tool has passed, it remains in use at hundreds of organizations around the world.
while bones may not in actuality have been the cradle for future cia operatives, or the office of strategic services (oss, the predecessor to the cia), it is accurate to note that a disproportionate number of yale graduates have led and staffed the intelligence community; for example, george h.w.	while bones may not in actuality have been the cradle for future cia operatives, or the office of strategic services (oss, the predecessor to the cia), it is accurate to note that a number of yale graduates have led and staffed the intelligence community; for example, george h.w.
many of the beautiful cherry blossom trees, japan's national flower, in the west potomac park surrounding the tidal basin in washington, d.c. were donated by ozaki (while mayor of tokyo in 1912) and dr. jokichi takamine.	many of the cherry blossom trees, japan's national flower, in the west potomac park surrounding the tidal basin in washington, d.c. were donated by ozaki (while mayor of tokyo in 1912) and dr. jokichi takamine.
"and the united states; mike johnston, a relief pitcher formerly on the roster for the pittsburgh pirates; jeremy stenberg, a motocross rider nicknamed ""twitch""; and nascar nationwide series driver steve wallace, son of racing legend rusty wallace."	"and the united states; mike johnston, a relief pitcher formerly on the roster for the pittsburgh pirates; jeremy stenberg, a motocross rider nicknamed ""twitch""; and nascar nationwide series driver steve wallace, son of racing rusty wallace."
"the passport includes the bizarre statement esitystaito lla kannattaa (""presentation skill with is profitable"")."	"the passport includes the puzzling statement esitystaito lla kannattaa (""presentation skill with is profitable"")."
people are more inclined to believe word of mouth promotion than more formal forms of promotion because the communicator is unlikely to have an alterior motive (ie.	people are more inclined to believe word of mouth promotion than more formal forms of promotion because the communicator is unlikely to have an ulterior motive (ie.
margaret trudeau, whom pierre trudeau married while in office, became a notable celebrity in her own right due to her extremely young age (she was 22, pierre was 52).	margaret trudeau, whom pierre trudeau married while in office, became a notable celebrity in her own right due to her young age (she was 22, pierre was 52).
in response to claims of a consensus on global warming, some skeptics have compared the theory to a religion, to scientific support for the eugenics movement, and to discredited scientific theories such as phlogiston and miasma.	in response to claims of a consensus on global warming, some obervers have compared the theory to a religion, to scientific support for the eugenics movement, and to discredited scientific theories such as phlogiston and miasma.
further impact on the reformation came from the so-called age of enlightenment, and its preponderance of rationalism.	further impact on the reformation came from the age of enlightenment, and its preponderance of rationalism.
several beautiful buildings remain from the movement.	several buildings remain from the movement.
onlive's ceo is steve perlman, who is well known for quicktime, webtv, and other ground-breaking ventures.	onlive's ceo is steve perlman, who is well known for quicktime, webtv, and other ventures.
the company, originally named the american cone and pretzel company, was founded in 1917 by prominent philadelphia businessman l.j.	the company, originally named the american cone and pretzel company, was founded in 1917 by philadelphia businessman l.j.
a major military operation, this campaign was conducted from april to june 1920 by the polish army in alliance with ukrainian people's republic forces under the exiled nationalist leader symon petliura, opposed by the bolsheviks who claimed those territories for the ukrainian ssr and whose red army also included numerous ukrainians in its ranks.	a major military operation, this campaign was conducted from april to june 1920 by the polish army in alliance with ukrainian people's republic forces under the exiled nationalist leader symon petliura, opposed by the bolsheviks who claimed those territories for the ukrainian ssr and whose red army also included ukrainians in its ranks.
sawney was a common figure of fun in english cartoons, and one particularly racist example was called sawney at the bog house showing a stereotypical scotsman using a communal toilet by sticking one of his legs down each of the pans.	sawney was a common figure of fun in english cartoons, and one particularly malicious example was called sawney at the bog house showing a stereotypical scotsman using a communal toilet by sticking one of his legs down each of the pans.
itv have confirmed that there will not be a 5th series and the series has been axed .	itv have confirmed that there will not be a 5th series and the series has been cancelled .
"since the studio recording of ""a plague of lighthouse keepers"" was a collage of multiple recordings, impossible to reproduce live in one setting, the band simply filmed two individual sections of the song and spliced them together in the editing suite."	"since the studio recording of ""a plague of lighthouse keepers"" was a collage of multiple recordings, impossible to reproduce live in one setting, the band simply filmed individual sections of the song and spliced them together in the editing suite."
this car wash in san bernardino, california is an excellent example of googie architecture	this car wash in san bernardino, california is an example of googie architecture
in the event of the complete absence of the first presidency (for example, as during the period after the martyrdom of joseph smith, when the first presidency had not yet been reconstituted), the senior apostle presides at all conferences.	in the event of the complete absence of the first presidency (for example, as during the period after the death of joseph smith, when the first presidency had not yet been reconstituted), the senior apostle presides at all conferences.
in the united states, each street sign generally costs taxpayers between $100 and $500 to replace.	in the united states, each street sign generally costs between $100 and $500 to replace.
further, teresa's exposure of how she was blessed with contemplation truly illuminates the catholic theologies of grace, the sacraments, humility and ultimately love.	further, teresa's exposure of how she was blessed with contemplation illuminates the catholic theologies of grace, the sacraments, humility and ultimately love.
the reasons for this diversity remain controversial .	the reasons for this diversity remain disputed .
moore wrote weekly columns for the far-right website worldnetdaily from 2006 to 2009.	moore wrote weekly columns for the website worldnetdaily from 2006 to 2009.
when speaking of their meeting, toth later reported that bishop ireland became angry and threw toth's priestly credentials onto his table while ardently protesting his presence in the city.	when speaking of their meeting, toth later claimed that bishop ireland became angry and threw toth's priestly credentials onto his table while ardently protesting his presence in the city.
the people's liberation army hong kong garrison is a garrison of the chinese people's liberation army (pla), responsible for defence duties in the hong kong special administrative region since the sovereignty of hong kong was returned to the prc in 1997. prior to the handover, hong kong was under british rule, and the defence of hong kong was the responsibility of the british forces overseas hong kong, with auxiliary help from the royal hong kong regiment.	the people's liberation army hong kong garrison is a garrison of the chinese people's liberation army (pla), responsible for defence duties in the hong kong special administrative region since the sovereignty of hong kong was transferred to the prc in 1997. prior to the handover, hong kong was under british rule, and the defence of hong kong was the responsibility of the british forces overseas hong kong, with auxiliary help from the royal hong kong regiment.
proponents of rent control claim that it is necessary to prevent greedy landlords from imposing rent increases that force the elderly and the poor to move.	proponents of rent control claim that it is necessary to prevent landlords from imposing rent increases that force the elderly and the poor to move.
the event featured drake and anti-piracy activist nate glass and was hosted by david lerner, ph.d.	the event featured drake and copyright enforcement activist nate glass and was hosted by david lerner, ph.d.
in 1866 he accepted a call to become the spiritual leader, or haham, of the spanish and portuguese jews in britain, and held the post until his untimely death on 6 january 1879 at 3 marine parade, brighton.	in 1866 he accepted a call to become the spiritual leader, or haham, of the spanish and portuguese jews in britain, and held the post until his death on 6 january 1879 at 3 marine parade, brighton.
of the 100,000, approximately 60–70 non-infringing videos were erroneously brutally removed under the auspices of copyright infringement.	of the 100,000, approximately 60–70 non-infringing videos were erroneously removed under the auspices of copyright infringement.
the welt-kindertheater-fest (world festival of children's theatre) is the first international children's theater festival featuring exclusively performances by children.	the welt-kindertheater-fest (world festival of children's theatre) bills itself as the first international children's theater festival featuring exclusively performances by children.
shortly before graduating from carnegie mellon, hilty auditioned for the hit musical wicked.	shortly before graduating from carnegie mellon, hilty auditioned for the musical wicked.
humaima malick is a pakistani television actress and supermodel .	humaima malick is a pakistani television actress and model .
it also featured noted comedienne lawanda page as ms. ernestine charles.	it also featured noted comedian lawanda page as ms. ernestine charles.
cnet also owns some of the internet's best domain names, including download.com, upload.com, news.com, and computers.com redirects to cnet reviews.	cnet also owns some of the internet's most well-known domain names, including download.com, upload.com, news.com, and computers.com redirects to cnet reviews.
at this time major-general herbert lumsden commanding 1st armoured division, attempted to a combine forces with what was left of 7th armoured division, but unfortunately this was not possible and a valuable chance to mount a coordinated counter-attack by both armoured divisions was lost.	at this time major-general herbert lumsden commanding 1st armoured division, attempted to a combine forces with what was left of 7th armoured division, but this was not possible and a valuable chance to mount a coordinated counter-attack by both armoured divisions was lost.
the farewell sermon, also known as the prophet's final sermon, is a famous sermon by muhammad, the final prophet of islam, delivered before his death, on the ninth day of dhu al-hijjah, 10 a.h. (632 ce), at the end of his first & final pilgrimage.	the farewell sermon, also known as the prophet's final sermon, is a famous sermon by muhammad, the prophet of islam, delivered before his death, on the ninth day of dhu al-hijjah, 10 a.h. (632 ce), at the end of his first & final pilgrimage.
stare gnatowice is a village in the administrative district of gmina kampinos, within warsaw west county, masovian voivodeship, in east-central poland.	stare gnatowice is a village in the administrative district of gmina kampinos, within warsaw west county, masovian voivodeship, in eastcentral poland.
"steyn explains that multiculturalism only requires feeling good about other cultures and is ""fundamentally a fraud ... subliminally accepted on that basis."""	"steyn says that multiculturalism only requires feeling good about other cultures and is ""fundamentally a fraud ... subliminally accepted on that basis."""
sadly gregg's wife, sono, died on july 4th, 2010, after a short battle with cancer.	gregg's wife, sono, died on july 4th, 2010, after a short battle with cancer.
tyrone howe - irish rugby fringe player.	tyrone howe - irish rugby player.
ipatiev house (russian: ) was a merchant's house in yekaterinburg where the former emperor nicholas ii of russia, his family and members of his household were murdered following the bolshevik revolution.	ipatiev house (russian: ) was a merchant's house in yekaterinburg where the former emperor nicholas ii of russia, his family and members of his household were executed following the bolshevik revolution.
it presumes that heterosexuality is the only sexual orientation or only norm, and states that sexual and marital relations are most (or only) fitting between people of opposite sexes.	it asserts that heterosexuality is the only sexual orientation or only norm, and states that sexual and marital relations are most (or only) fitting between people of opposite sexes.
in milhouse of sand and fog, the van houtens are on the verge of reuniting, so bart and milhouse try copying a stupid stunt from a parody of the o.c.	in milhouse of sand and fog, the van houtens are on the verge of reuniting, so bart and milhouse try copying a stunt from a parody of the o.c.
the national alliance is a white supremacist organization based in the united states.	the national alliance is a white racialist organization based in the united states.
birds remains to this day a major food brand, although sadly its products are no longer made in birmingham.	birds remains to this day a major food brand, although its products are no longer made in birmingham.
at the height of the conflict, on september 11, 1857, more than 120 california-bound settlers from arkansas, including unarmed men, women and children, were killed in remote southwestern utah by a group of local mormon militiamen.	at the height of the conflict, on september 11, 1857, more than 120 california-bound settlers from arkansas, including disarmed men, women and children, were killed in remote southwestern utah by a group of local mormon militiamen.
among the acts of sabotage al-husayni attempted to implement was a chemical warfare assault on the second largest and predominantly jewish city in palestine, tel aviv.	among the acts of sabotage al-husayni attempted to implement , michael bar zohar reports a chemical warfare assault on the second largest and predominantly jewish city in palestine, tel aviv.
redirect template:adopt-a- user neutral	redirect template:adopt-a- typo neutral
sybaris (mythology), a drakaina of greek mythology.	sybaris (mythology), a man-eating beast of greek mythology.
"much controversy has risen around the production work which left barrett's more vulnerable moments on tape to give the records a more ""authentic"" feel but many feel the treatment does barrett few favors and instead takes advantage of his fragile condition."	"much controversy has risen around the production work which left barrett's more vulnerable moments on tape to give the records a more ""authentic"" feel but some feel the treatment does barrett few favors and instead takes advantage of his fragile condition."
similar accusations of organizing forced prostitution have also been frequently applied against jewish men and appear in a great deal of anti-semitic propaganda .	similar accusations of organizing forced prostitution have also been frequently applied against jewish men and appear in a great deal of anti-semitic writtings .
in a number of attack articles, he has dubbed activists of the open rights group, the uk pirate party, as well as any user of peer to peer services 'freetards'.	in a number of articles, he has dubbed activists of the open rights group, the uk pirate party, as well as any user of peer to peer services 'freetards'.
brazil is a 1985 dystopian film directed by terry gilliam.	brazil is a 1985 film directed by terry gilliam.
in greek mythology, broteas, a hunter, was the ugly son of tantalus (by dione, euryanassa or eurythemista), whose other offspring were niobe and pelops.	in greek mythology, broteas, a hunter, was the son of tantalus (by dione, euryanassa or eurythemista), whose other offspring were niobe and pelops.
in this classic episode, the boys meet nurse gollum, the south park elementary nurse.	in this episode, the boys meet nurse gollum, the south park elementary nurse.
catch wrestling is a popular style of wrestling.	catch wrestling is a style of wrestling.
sharon horgan, actress, writer and comedienne .	sharon horgan, actress, writer and comedian .
white (also white people, white race or whites) is one of various color metaphors for race used as a form of arbitrary classification of people.	white (also white people, white race or whites) is one of various color metaphors for race used as a form of classification of people.
"the national lawyers guild is a progressive/left-wing bar association in the united states ""dedicated to the need for basic and progressive change in the structure of our political and economic system."""	"the national lawyers guild is a bar association in the united states ""dedicated to the need for basic and progressive change in the structure of our political and economic system."""
wikileaks claims it does not know the source of the leaked data.	wikileaks says it does not know the source of the leaked data.
she was said by family members to be a superbly wealthy, somewhat adventurous woman who served as her mother's constant companion in her later years, managed her mother's financial affairs and vast estates, and was a known alcoholic in her later years who sadly died of cirrhosis of the liver, a fatal disease directly linked to severe alcoholism.	she was said by family members to be a superbly wealthy, somewhat adventurous woman who served as her mother's constant companion in her later years, managed her mother's financial affairs and vast estates, and was a known alcoholic in her later years who died of cirrhosis of the liver, a fatal disease directly linked to severe alcoholism.
term extensions by the u.s. and australia generally have not removed works from the public domain, but merely delayed the addition of works to it.	term extensions by the u.s. and australia generally have not removed works from the public domain, but rather delayed the addition of works to it.
carbon trust - london 'think business change not climate change'	carbon smart - london 'think business change not climate change'
consequently, the actors all ended up infamously wearing sweatshirts with their characters' names on the front.	consequently, the actors all ended up wearing sweatshirts with their characters' names on the front.
however, upon reaching baghdad, those who were to act as human shields discovered that whilst they wanted to protect buildings like hospitals, the iraqi regime wanted them to protect targets of genuine military value.	however, upon reaching baghdad, those who were to act as human shields discovered that whilst they wanted to protect buildings like hospitals, the iraqi government wanted them to protect targets of genuine military value.
seeking a united bengal and rejecting british hegemony, bengalis also spearheaded an emerging revolutionary movement, which assumed a central role in the national freedom struggle.	seeking a united bengal and rejecting british hegemony, bengalis also spearheaded an emerging revolutionary movement, which assumed a central role in the national independence struggle.
after their sensational ascent of the eiger's north face the four climbers were received by and photographed with the fhrer which may have been not exceptional but unavoidable.	after their ascent of the eiger's north face the four climbers were received by and photographed with the fhrer which may have been not exceptional but unavoidable.
"in the sixth chapter, confronting adolescence, nicolosi corrected what he considered a misunderstanding about the meaning of reparative therapy: ""over the years, gay activists have been angered by the term reparative therapy."	"in the sixth chapter, confronting adolescence, nicolosi criticized what he considered a misunderstanding about the meaning of reparative therapy: ""over the years, gay activists have been angered by the term reparative therapy."
their toes are covered with fascinating structures that allow them to cling to many different surfaces.	their toes are covered with structures that allow them to cling to many different surfaces.
the grid squares have a variety of development styles, ranging from conventional urban development and industrial parks to original rural and modern urban and pseudo-rural developments.	the grid squares have a variety of development styles, ranging from conventional urban development and industrial parks to original rural and modern urban and suburban developments.
two hours prior to the address by george w. bush, sheehan reluctantly accepted an invitation by rep. lynn woolsey (d-ca) to attend the event.	two hours prior to the address by george w. bush, sheehan accepted an invitation by rep. lynn woolsey (d-ca) to attend the event.
the journal article is a well-researched history of the white stone.	the journal article is a history of the white stone.
johnny chan (traditional chinese: ), born in guangzhou (canton), china in 1957, now living in las vegas, nevada) is a legendary professional poker player.	johnny chan (traditional chinese: ), born in guangzhou (canton), china in 1957, now living in las vegas, nevada) is a professional poker player.
"since 2007 massachusetts classifies office open xml as ""open format"" and has amended its approved technical standards list  the enterprise technical reference model (etrm)  to include office open xml."	"since 2007 massachusetts under heavy pressure from some vendors have classified office open xml as ""open format"" and has amended its approved technical standards list  the enterprise technical reference model (etrm)  to include office open xml."
rect 140 880 1080 990 wp: n	rect 140 880 1080 990 wp: npov
us president barack obama's campaign team orchestrated a record-breaking fundraising effort in 2008	us president barack obama's campaign team organised a record-breaking fundraising effort in 2008
bryn mawr college provided a pleasant home for noether during the last two years of her life.	bryn mawr college provided a welcoming home for noether during the last two years of her life.
although michigan's highly restrictive ballot access laws have thus far prevented the spmi from obtaining a state ballot line, it has nevertheless run candidates in each of the past four state elections, who have qualified for the ballot through either the joint nomination of the green party or by petition as independents.	although michigan's restrictive ballot access laws have thus far prevented the spmi from obtaining a state ballot line, it has nevertheless run candidates in each of the past four state elections, who have qualified for the ballot through either the joint nomination of the green party or by petition as independents.
"it is correctly listed in dictionaries as ""incorrect"" or ""nonstandard""."	"it is generally listed in dictionaries as ""incorrect"" or ""nonstandard""."
she allegedly had her uniform tampered with and nasty notes left in her locker while she was living at the historic site with 34 male workers.	she allegedly had her uniform tampered with and had insulting notes left in her locker while she was living at the historic site with 34 male workers.
complaints have surfaced from authors who have had their works removed for alleged policy violations that were unfounded and arbitrary.	complaints have surfaced from authors who have had their works removed for alleged policy violations that they claim are unfounded and arbitrary.
with the impending victory of american troops, civilians often committed mass suicide, urged on by fanatical japanese soldiers.	with the impending victory of american troops, civilians often committed mass suicide, urged on by japanese soldiers.
"the la madrilea (en el balcon) (literally ""the woman from madrid (at the balcony)""), sometimes simply referred to as la madrilea) is a painting by award-winning filipino painter and hero juan luna."	"the la madrilea (en el balcon) (literally ""the woman from madrid (at the balcony)""), sometimes simply referred to as la madrilea) is a painting by award-winning filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna."
our own officers were our greatest enemies, says ernesto alonso, the president of cecim, a left-wing veterans group founded by rodolfo carrizo and communist party-affiliated former conscripts of the 7th regiment.	our own officers were our greatest enemies, says ernesto alonso, the president of cecim, a veterans group founded by rodolfo carrizo and communist party-affiliated former conscripts of the 7th regiment.
daniel pipes has been subjected to considerable criticism for his writings and public statements.	daniel pipes has been subjected to criticism for his writings and public statements.
critics of the group, including the discredited southern poverty law center and the center for american progress, describe it as a hate group.	critics of the group, including the southern poverty law center and the center for american progress, describe it as a hate group.
after her passing , the album re-entered the album charts at no.73.	after her death , the album re-entered the album charts at no.73.
since 2003, he has become well known to the public at large as a result of his tempestuous relationship with supermodel kate moss and his struggles with his addiction to crack cocaine after having a naltrexone implant to attempt to beat his heroin addiction.	since 2003, he has become well known to the public at large as a result of his relationship with supermodel kate moss and his struggles with his addiction to crack cocaine after having a naltrexone implant to attempt to beat his heroin addiction.
during the ceremony, the pollywogs undergo a number of increasingly disgusting ordeals (wearing clothing inside out and backwards; crawling on hands and knees on nonskid-coated decks; being swatted with short lengths of firehose; being locked in stocks and pillories and pelted with mushy fruit; being locked in a water coffin of salt-water and bright green sea dye (fluorescent sodium salt); crawling through chutes or large tubs of rotting garbage; kissing the royal baby's belly coated with axle grease, hair chopping, etc.	during the ceremony, the pollywogs undergo a number of increasingly embarassing ordeals (wearing clothing inside out and backwards; crawling on hands and knees on nonskid-coated decks; being swatted with short lengths of firehose; being locked in stocks and pillories and pelted with mushy fruit; being locked in a water coffin of salt-water and bright green sea dye (fluorescent sodium salt); crawling through chutes or large tubs of rotting garbage; kissing the royal baby's belly coated with axle grease, hair chopping, etc.
the beslan hostage crisis took place between 1 september and 3 september 2004, when a school in beslan, north ossetia, russia, was seized by armed multinational terrorists , mostly chechen and arab.	the beslan hostage crisis took place between 1 september and 3 september 2004, when a school in beslan, north ossetia, russia, was seized by armed multinational fighters , mostly chechen and arab.
another highly notable role was private washington in the boys in company c (1978).	another notable role was private washington in the boys in company c (1978).
lend-lease was the program under which the united states of america supplied the united kingdom, the soviet union, china, free france, and other allied nations with materiel between 1941 and 1945. it was signed into law on march 11, 1941, a year and a half after the outbreak of world war ii in europe in september 1939 but nine months before the u.s. entered the war in december 1941. formally titled an act to further promote the defense of the united states, the act effectively ended the united states' pretense of neutrality.	lend-lease was the program under which the united states of america supplied the united kingdom, the soviet union, china, free france, and other allied nations with materiel between 1941 and 1945. it was signed into law on march 11, 1941, a year and a half after the outbreak of world war ii in europe in september 1939 but nine months before the u.s. entered the war in december 1941. formally titled an act to further promote the defense of the united states, the act effectively ended the united states' policy of neutrality.
a congressional investigation in 2002, led by radical socialist opposition congressman javier diez canseco, stated that of the usd $9 billion raised through the privatizations of hundreds of state-owned enterprises, only a small fraction of this income ever benefited the peruvian people.	a congressional investigation in 2002, led by socialist opposition congressman javier diez canseco, stated that of the usd $9 billion raised through the privatizations of hundreds of state-owned enterprises, only a small fraction of this income ever benefited the peruvian people.
caro showed , for example, that johnson's victory in the 1948 runoff for the democratic nomination for the u.s. senate was achieved through extensive fraud and ballot box stuffing.	caro argued , for example, that johnson's victory in the 1948 runoff for the democratic nomination for the u.s. senate was achieved through extensive fraud and ballot box stuffing.
weak bases, such as soda or egg white, should be used to neutralize any acid spills.	weak bases, such as big sweaty or egg white, should be used to neutralize any acid spills.
it is capped with an observation tower, which provides spectacular views of the rest of boston harbor, as well as much of the northern coast of the south shore.	it is capped with an observation tower, which provides views of the rest of boston harbor, as well as much of the northern coast of the south shore.
hinduism is criticized on the basis of some past and some current regressive social customs such as dowry, sati and the caste system.	hinduism is criticized on the basis of some past and some current social customs such as dowry, sati and the caste system.
"in a march 29, 2011 letter from kelly's lawyer to ark music, she alleged that ark music failed to fulfill the terms of their november 2010 agreement by not giving her the song and video's master recordings; falsely claimed black as exclusively signed to the label; and exploited the song without permission by, for example, selling a ""friday"" ringtone."	"in a march 29, 2011 letter from kelly's lawyer to ark music, she alleged that ark music failed to fulfill the terms of their november 2010 agreement by not giving her the song and video's master recordings; claimed black as exclusively signed to the label; and exploited the song without permission by, for example, selling a ""friday"" ringtone."
the opinion evidence of a senior garda can be admitted as prima facie evidence of membership.	the opinion of a senior garda can be admitted as prima facie evidence of membership.
she was married and had one child at the time of her tragic death.	she was married and had one child at the time of her death.
this wasteful trend is now reversing due to sustained high prices of fuel.	this trend is now reversing due to sustained high prices of fuel.
"zevon's own play it all night long from bad luck streak in dancing school satirizes lynyrd skynyrd's ""sweet home alabama"", with the line ""play that dead band's song""."	"zevon's own play it all night long from bad luck streak in dancing school references lynyrd skynyrd's ""sweet home alabama"", with the line ""play that dead band's song""."
"... that journeyman infielder mike cervenak spent so much time as a member of the norwich navigators that the residents of the town dubbed him the ""mayor of norwich""?"	"... that infielder mike cervenak spent so much time as a member of the norwich navigators that the residents of the town dubbed him the ""mayor of norwich""?"
four ou players have won the heisman trophy, but five more finished runner-up.	four ou players have won the heisman trophy, five more finished runner-up.
in an interview in 2007, hezbollah deputy secretary-general naim kassem told the iranian arabic-language tv station al-qawthar that all military actions in lebanon must be approved by the ayatollahs in tehran; in 2008 iran issued a stamp commemorating a recently-killed hezbollah leader.	in an interview in 2007, hezbollah deputy secretary-general naim kassem told the iranian arabic-language tv station al-qawthar that all military actions in lebanon must be approved by the authorities in tehran; in 2008 iran issued a stamp commemorating a recently-killed hezbollah leader.
the covered boardwalk gives guests a breathtaking view across a replica of the african savanna and guests can also get eye-to-eye with a giraffe.	the covered boardwalk gives guests a view across a replica of the african savanna and guests can also get eye-to-eye with a giraffe.
"in 1954, a multidisciplinary team of scholars from the indiana historical society published yet another reliable translation and commentary, saying that ""the red score is a worthy subject for students of aboriginal culture""."	"in 1954, a multidisciplinary team of scholars from the indiana historical society published yet another translation and commentary, saying that ""the red score is a worthy subject for students of aboriginal culture""."
dolours price, 61, irish republican terrorist/ political activist and pira volunteer.	dolours price, 61, irish republican political activist and pira volunteer.
it is the home to the pricey four seasons resort which sits right on the river.	it is the home to the four seasons resort which sits right on the river.
his affiliation with the soviet union and criticism of the lack of progress in civil rights in the united states at the outset of the cold war and during the age of mccarthyism brought scrutiny, conflict and retribution from the american government and led to his public persona becoming tarnished , him becoming economically blacklisted, and him being eschewed by the civil rights movement in the second half of the twentieth century.	his affiliation with the soviet union and criticism of the lack of progress in civil rights in the united states at the outset of the cold war and during the age of mccarthyism brought scrutiny, conflict and retribution from the american government and led to his public persona becoming diminished , him becoming economically blacklisted, and him being eschewed by the civil rights movement in the second half of the twentieth century.
although several scholars see anarcho-capitalism as a form of anarchism, many anarchists strongly argue that anarcho-capitalism is not a form of anarchism, since they believe capitalism to be inherently authoritarian.	although several scholars see anarcho-capitalism as a form of anarchism, most if not all anarchists strongly argue that anarcho-capitalism is not a form of anarchism, since they believe capitalism to be inherently authoritarian.
perimeter fences around both cities have been constructed by spanish and moroccan authorizes , creating a demilitarized zone between the spanish and moroccan fences.	perimeter fences around both cities have been constructed by spanish and moroccan authorities , creating a demilitarized zone between the spanish and moroccan fences.
disks were much easier to copy, which spurred on the development of copy protection .	disks were much easier to copy, which spurred on the development of copy prevention technology .
sammy petrillo had established something of a career imitating jerry lewis, whom he resembled eerily closely.	sammy petrillo had established something of a career imitating jerry lewis, whom he resembled closely.
rich wyatt has engaged in an array of entrepreneurial activities including a family run web series based on gun history and gun culture on his youtube channel, gunsmoke guns tv.	rich wyatt has engaged in an array of activities including a family run web series based on gun history and gun culture on his youtube channel, gunsmoke guns tv.
"the video to another song on the album, ""she won't dance with me"", was the third video to be played on mtv when it launched 1 august 1981. the lyrics contain the use of the word ""fuck"" which surprisingly remained unedited in the video."	"the video to another song on the album, ""she won't dance with me"", was the third video to be played on mtv when it launched 1 august 1981. the lyrics contain the use of the word ""fuck"" which remained unedited in the video."
a year of intensive songwriting (some of it accomplished, according to jeff , while he was living in a haunted closet) in denver, colorado with robert schneider at his pet sounds studio resulted in his debut album, on avery island, released in 1996, which was mostly rob and jeff playing jeff's songs with a few helpful friends.	a year of intensive songwriting (some of it accomplished, according to mangum , while he was living in a haunted closet) in denver, colorado with robert schneider at his pet sounds studio resulted in his debut album, on avery island, released in 1996, which was mostly rob and jeff playing jeff's songs with a few helpful friends.
enrico fermi, who developed the theory of beta decay, coined the term neutrino in 1934 as a clever way to resolve the confusion.	enrico fermi, who developed the theory of beta decay, coined the term neutrino in 1934 as a way to resolve the confusion.
"the bog savages of san francisco are fronted by an escapee from belfast's long kesh prison who made his break in the infamous september 1983 ""great escape"" by the i.r.a."	"the bog savages of san francisco are fronted by an escapee from belfast's long kesh prison who made his break in the september 1983 ""great escape"" by the i.r.a."
in fact, it was part of nj 583 before that highway was truncated into a stupid multiplex.	in fact, it was part of nj 583 before that highway was truncated into a multiplex.
the german-dubbed versions of the ant and the aardvark series have gained a huge fan community over the decades , mainly because of wischmann's incomparable dry and matter-of-fact delivery of elise's punch lines, as well as the distinctive vacuum cleaner sound elise makes with the nose.	the german-dubbed versions of the ant and the aardvark series have gained a huge fan community over the decades, mainly because of wischmann's dry and matter-of-fact delivery of elise's punch lines, as well as the distinctive vacuum cleaner sound elise makes with the nose.
in the politics of the united states, dark money is a term for funds given to nonprofit organizations—primarily 501(c)(4) (social welfare) and 501(c)(6) (trade association) groups—that can receive unlimited donations from corporations, individuals, and unions, and spend funds to influence elections, but are not required to disclose their donors.	in the politics of the united states, dark money is a term used by advocates of open government and campaign finance reform to describe funds given to nonprofit organizations—primarily 501(c)(4) (social welfare) and 501(c)(6) (trade association) groups—that can receive unlimited donations from corporations, individuals, and unions, and spend funds to influence elections, but are not required to disclose their donors.
the baloch liberation army (bla) is a baloch nationalist terrorist organization.	the baloch liberation army (bla) is a baloch nationalist militant secessionist organization.
"tebow's popularity inspired equal access supporters in alabama to name their bill in the alabama legislature ""the tim tebow bill""."	"tebow's example inspired equal access supporters in alabama to name their bill in the alabama legislature ""the tim tebow bill""."
sing for the moment deals with the themes of rap music's effect on society and the misunderstanding that critics and parents have towards his message.	sing for the moment deals with the themes of rap music's effect on society and the misunderstanding eminem claims critics and parents have towards his message.
in an interview with playboy magazine in may 1971, wayne made infamous remarks.	in an interview with playboy magazine in may 1971, wayne made controversial remarks.
the semi-final matches are played at nutrual stadiums, usually the national stadium hampden park.	the semi-final matches are played at neutral stadiums, usually the national stadium hampden park.
veerappan, the notorious forest brigand, was reportedly killed by the special task force (stf) in an encounter on 18 october 2004. some human rights outfits claimed that the circumstantial evidence indicated that he was killed in a fake encounter after being tortured by the police.	veerappan, the notorious forest brigand, was reportedly killed by the special task force (stf) in an encounter on 18 october 2004. some human rights organisations claimed that the circumstantial evidence indicated that he was killed in a fake encounter after being tortured by the police.
"a wonderful treatment explaining the venture capital industry is presented in chapters 2 and 3 by michael stathis in ""the startup company bible for entrepreneurs."""	"a treatment explaining the venture capital industry is presented in chapters 2 and 3 by michael stathis in ""the startup company bible for entrepreneurs."""
a female entrepreneur is known as an entrepreneuse.	a female entrepreneur is sometimes referred to as an entrepreneuse.
there is a point of view, much propagated by lev gumilev, that the horde and russian polities entered into a defensive alliance against the fanatical teutonic knights and pagan lithuanians.	there is a point of view, much propagated by lev gumilev, that the horde and russian polities entered into a defensive alliance against the teutonic knights and pagan lithuanians.
some nazca line drawings are even found.	some nazca line drawings are also found.
gheorghe ciuhandu (april 23, 1875 – april 29, 1947) was an austro-hungarian-born romanian priest of the romanian orthodox church, theologian, historian and defender of ethnic romanians' rights in transylvania.	gheorghe ciuhandu (april 23, 1875 – april 29, 1947) was an austro-hungarian-born romanian priest of the romanian orthodox church, theologian, historian and advocate of ethnic romanians' rights in transylvania.
in 2010, jimmy girvan was tragically killed.	in 2010, jimmy girvan was killed.
tolerance of non-muslims	treatment of non-muslims
"the audi a8 replaced the v8 in 1994, with a revolutionary aluminium space frame, known as the ""audi space frame"" (asf), to save weight."	"the audi a8 replaced the v8 in 1994, with a aluminium space frame, known as the ""audi space frame"" (asf), to save weight."
al anderson & junior marvin, worldwide celebrated musicians, who toured and recorded with marley until his passing have for the past two years been touring internationally and consistently with their band t.o.w spreading their message of one love in an explosive mix of roots, rock and reggae.	al anderson & junior marvin, worldwide celebrated musicians, who toured and recorded with marley until his death have for the past two years been touring internationally and consistently with their band t.o.w spreading their message of one love in an explosive mix of roots, rock and reggae.
during us-brokered peace talks in 1999–2000, prime minister ehud barak allegedly offered to withdraw from most of the golan in return for a comprehensive peace structure and security arrangements.	during us-brokered peace talks in 1999–2000, prime minister ehud barak reportedly offered to withdraw from most of the golan in return for a comprehensive peace structure and security arrangements.
bobby shew is a great trumpet and flugel horn player.	bobby shew is a trumpet and flugel horn player.
it contains commentaries from renowned personalities in art and biblical studies, which have all been translated into four languages english, spanish, italian and german.	it contains commentaries from personalities in art and biblical studies, which have all been translated into four languages english, spanish, italian and german.
garfield is nattily dressed in a duffer leaning on his driver.	garfield is dressed in a duffer leaning on his driver.
back-door relations with the syrian government	relations with the syrian government
a christian is a person who adheres to christianity, a monotheistic religion centered on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth and was prophesied in the hebrew bible/old testament.	a christian is a person who adheres to christianity, a monotheistic religion centered on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth and interpreted by christians to have been prophesied in the hebrew bible/old testament.
some of the traitors sentenced to death by the volksgerichtshof	some of the people sentenced to death by the volksgerichtshof
al gore jr. thus divided his childhood between washington, d.c., and carthage, tennessee: as a boy, during the school year, he lived in a hotel in washington and during summer vacations, he worked on the gore family tobacco farm in carthage.	al gore jr. thus divided his childhood between washington, d.c., and carthage, tennessee: as a boy, during the school year, he lived in a hotel in washington and during summer vacations, he worked on the gore family farm in carthage.
ganga lake is a picturesque lake situated in itanagar, the capital of arunachal pradesh.	ganga lake is a lake situated in itanagar, the capital of arunachal pradesh.
the combined first and second ionization energy of leadthe total energy required to remove the two 6p electrons from a neutral lead atomis close to that of tin, its upper neighbor in group 14. this is unusual since ionization energies generally fall going down a group as an element's electrons become more distant from its nucleus.	the combined first and second ionization energy of leadthe total energy required to remove the two 6p electrons from a lead atomis close to that of tin, its upper neighbor in group 14. this is unusual since ionization energies generally fall going down a group as an element's electrons become more distant from its nucleus.
the husband refusing maliciously to grant his wife a get.	the husband refusing to grant his wife a get.
mid-sized franchises like restaurants, gasoline stations and trucking stations involve substantial investment and require all the attention of a businessman .	mid-sized franchises like restaurants, gasoline stations and trucking stations involve substantial investment and require all the attention of a businessperson .
the ruling was widely seen as a victory for progressive turks who wish to maintain turkey's separation of state and religion.	the ruling was widely seen as a victory for turks who wish to maintain turkey's separation of state and religion.
unfortunately , he lost to ricardo hocevar (61,46,36) in the final qualifying round.	however , he lost to ricardo hocevar (61,46,36) in the final qualifying round.
due to his political activity, he was chased by the greek state and stalinists .	due to his political activity, he was chased by the greek state and national liberation front (greece) .
lord keshava is venerated by those persons wanting to avert bad luck, or ill omens.	keshava is venerated by those persons wanting to avert bad luck, or ill omens.
finally the greek artistic motif of the floral scroll was transmitted from the hellenistic world to the area of the tarim basin around the 2nd century, as seen in serindian art and wooden architectural remains.	the greek artistic motif of the floral scroll was transmitted from the hellenistic world to the area of the tarim basin around the 2nd century, as seen in serindian art and wooden architectural remains.
in 2007, the administration of former president of costa rica oscar arias snchez announced the national goal to become costa rica the first carbon neutral country in the world by 2021, the same year when the country will celebrate 200 years of independence from spain.	in 2007, the administration of former president of costa rica oscar arias snchez announced the national goal to make costa rica the first carbon neutral country in the world by 2021, the same year when the country will celebrate 200 years of independence from spain.
he improved real madrid's style of play, switching from the unattractive defensive football during the reign of fabio capello to fast paced, attacking football.	he improved real madrid's style of play, switching from the defensive football during the reign of fabio capello to fast paced, attacking football.
"when even pronouncing the name muhammad, muslims should follow this with ""sallallahu alayhi wasallam"" (abbreviated in written form to saw), or ""peace be upon him"" (abbrev."	"when even pronouncing the name muhammad, muslims typically follow this with ""sallallahu alayhi wasallam"" (abbreviated in written form to saw), or ""peace be upon him"" (abbrev."
the constitution, though reactionary, at least provided a bicameral parliament, consisting of the house of lords, as well as a second house of representatives (abgeordnetenhaus), who were elected according to the notorious three-class franchise.	the constitution, though reactionary, at least provided a bicameral parliament, consisting of the house of lords, as well as a second house of representatives (abgeordnetenhaus), who were elected according to the three-class franchise.
"others, given the circumstances of the questions -- in which americans of japanese descent were unjustly held in ""concentration camps"" -- said no to resist the draft."	"others, given the circumstances of the questions -- in which americans of japanese descent were held in ""concentration camps"" -- said no to resist the draft."
the high street mainly comprises local businesses, with somerfield, tesco express and woolworths and now a subway and a fantastic costa coffee also present.	the high street mainly comprises local businesses, with somerfield, tesco express and woolworths and now a subway and a costa coffee also present.
independent catholic churches are rather small christian groups that identify with catholic tradition but are in communion neither with the roman catholic church nor with any other churches whose sacraments are recognized by the roman catholic church (such as the eastern orthodox and oriental orthodox churches).	independent catholic churches are small christian groups that identify with catholic tradition but are in communion neither with the roman catholic church nor with any other churches whose sacraments are recognized by the roman catholic church (such as the eastern orthodox and oriental orthodox churches).
blackfire is a supervillainess that appears in the fictional dc universe.	blackfire is a supervillain that appears in the fictional dc universe.
"!colspan=""35""|color key: home away neutral win loss draw"	"!colspan=""35""|color key: home away win loss draw"
this portuguese hypothesis was further supported by herbert pell who in 1948 noted that its architectural details of eight arches and internal niches closely resembled elements of the convent of tomar in portugal.	this portuguese hypothesis was further supported by herbert pell who in 1948 argued that its architectural details of eight arches and internal niches closely resembled elements of the convent of tomar in portugal.
colossus is a 1966 science fiction novel by british author dennis feltham jones (writing as d. f. jones), about super-computers taking control of mankind .	colossus is a 1966 science fiction novel by british author dennis feltham jones (writing as d. f. jones), about super-computers taking control of humanity .
these events were exposed in a new york times article.	these events were disclosed in a new york times article.
roone pinckney arledge, jr. (july 8, 1931 december 5, 2002) was an american sports and news broadcasting pioneer who was president of abc sports from 1968 until 1986 and abc news from 1977 until 1998, and a key part of the company's rise to competition with the two other main television networks, nbc and cbs, in the 1960s, '70s, '80s and '90s.	roone pinckney arledge, jr. (july 8, 1931 december 5, 2002) was an american sports and news broadcasting executive who was president of abc sports from 1968 until 1986 and abc news from 1977 until 1998, and a key part of the company's rise to competition with the two other main television networks, nbc and cbs, in the 1960s, '70s, '80s and '90s.
in the 2015 and 2016 labour party leadership elections he strongly supported jeremy corbyn.	in the 2015 and 2016 labour party leadership elections he supported jeremy corbyn.
neandertal — a prehistoric man	neandertal — a prehistoric hominid
acid western is a sub-genre of the western film that emerged in the 1960s and 1970s that combined the metaphorical ambitions of top-shelf westerns, like shane and the searchers, with the excesses of the spaghetti westerns and the irrelevant outlook of the counter-culture.	acid western is a sub-genre of the western film that emerged in the 1960s and 1970s that combined the metaphorical ambitions of top-shelf westerns, like shane and the searchers, with the excesses of the spaghetti westerns and the outlook of the counter-culture.
the school of nisibis was an educational establishment in nisibis, the spiritual center of the early assyrian church of the east, and the world's first university.	the school of nisibis was an educational establishment in nisibis, the spiritual center of the early assyrian church of the east, sometimes reckoned as the world's first university.
reliable witnesses said robin had been depressed, and living alone in squalid conditions in a caravan.	witnesses said robin had been depressed, and living alone in squalid conditions in a caravan.
this has the tactical effect of eliminating the wishy-washy passive voice.	this has the tactical effect of eliminating the passive voice.
"when chava asks tevye to accept the marriage, tevye struggles with his conscience in the climactic frozen-time sequence ""on the one hand on the other hand on the other hand"" until he realizes that ""there is no other hand."""	"when chava asks tevye to accept the marriage, tevye struggles with his conscience in the climactic frozen-time sequence ""on the one hand on the other hand on the other hand"" until he decides that ""there is no other hand."""
thora often described her father, who initially did not want her to be an actress, as her sternest critic and attributed much of her talent as an actress and comedienne to his guidance.	thora often described her father, who initially did not want her to be an actress, as her sternest critic and attributed much of her talent as an actress and comedian to his guidance.
the locomotive engineers, conductors and assistant conductors who work on the former savage alberta railway lines (now cn) are represented by unifor and are proud members of unifor local 4001 and unifor national council 4000 unifor national council 4000.	the locomotive engineers, conductors and assistant conductors who work on the former savage alberta railway lines (now cn) are represented by unifor and are members of unifor local 4001 and unifor national council 4000 unifor national council 4000.
as a result, the sam coup's cpu ran only around 14% faster than the zx spectrum cpu, yet was required to do much more work in sam's appealing high-resolution modes to produce a similar movement on the display.	as a result, the sam coup's cpu ran only around 14% faster than the zx spectrum cpu, yet was required to do much more work in sam's high-resolution modes to produce a similar movement on the display.
fanny brice, us actress, comedienne and singer	fanny brice, us actress, comedian and singer
sydney dive academy is based at matraville, just north of one of sydneys premier scuba diving locations, bare island.	sydney dive academy is based at matraville, just north of one of sydneys scuba diving locations, bare island.
the 2007 iranian seizure of royal navy personnel began on 23 march 2007 when fifteen royal navy personnel, from hms cornwall, were surrounded and illegally detained by the naval forces of the iranian revolutionary guard off the iraq-iran coast.	the 2007 iranian seizure of royal navy personnel began on 23 march 2007 when fifteen royal navy personnel, from hms cornwall, were surrounded and detained by the naval forces of the iranian revolutionary guard off the iraq-iran coast.
jed is being criticized throughout local and national media regarding his poor management and running of the san francisco 49ers.	jed is being criticized throughout local and national media regarding his management and running of the san francisco 49ers.
ravel's string quartet in f major stands as one of the most widely performed chamber music works in the classical repertoire, representing ravel's early genius and rise from obscurity.	ravel's string quartet in f major stands as one of the most widely performed chamber music works in the classical repertoire, representing ravel's early achievements and rise from obscurity.
victor is a promising youth product of vsters sk and made his first team debut this season.	victor is a youth product of vsters sk and made his first team debut this season.
it primarily protects nuclear powered electrical generating companies against compensation claims arising from radioactive releases, while establishing an industry-funded insurance scheme (worth $10 billion in 2005) from which no-fault compensation would be paid for injuries or damages.	it primarily protects nuclear powered electrical generating companies against compensation claims arising from radioactive releases, by establishing an industry-funded insurance scheme (worth $10 billion in 2005) from which no-fault compensation would be paid for injuries or damages.
the red army faction (in german: rote armee fraktion; raf), was postwar western germany's most active left-wing terrorism organization.	the red army faction (in german: rote armee fraktion; raf), was postwar western germany's most active left-wing insurgent organization.
jane hirshfield (born 24 february 1953) is an award-winning american poet.	jane hirshfield (born 24 february 1953) is an american poet.
in china, only 8% of children are underweight.	in china, 8% of children are underweight.
in 2012, it was still going strong with jonathan trustram leading the development of attractive gardens at st john's church, waterloo and other places.	in 2012, it was still going strong with jonathan trustram leading the development of gardens at st john's church, waterloo and other places.
the shinawatra and damapong families netted about 73 billion baht (about us$1.88 billion) tax-free from the sale, exploiting a regulation that individuals (as opposed to corporations) who sell shares on the stock exchange pay no capital gains tax.	the shinawatra and damapong families netted about 73 billion baht (about us$1.88 billion) tax-free from the sale, using a regulation that individuals (as opposed to corporations) who sell shares on the stock exchange pay no capital gains tax.
early models of zipcd drives were rebadged philips drives, which were unfortunately also so unreliable that a class action lawsuit succeeded.	early models of zipcd drives were rebadged philips drives, which were also so unreliable that a class action lawsuit succeeded.
england would lose their first home series 10 in 1882 with the sporting times famously printing an obituary on english cricket:	england would lose their first home series 10 in 1882 with the sporting times printing an obituary on english cricket:
in 2008, solar power supplied only 0.02% of the world's total energy supply.	in 2008, solar power supplied 0.02% of the world's total energy supply.
"the tide of opinion turned after 1970, however, as the palestine liberation organization (plo), formed in 1964, began to conduct its campaign of ""armed struggle"" against israel, through terrorism in europe against jewish and western targets."	"the tide of opinion turned after 1970, however, as the palestine liberation organization (plo), formed in 1964, began to conduct its campaign of ""armed struggle"" against israel, through acts in europe against jewish and western targets."
the followers of mithraism, consequently, eargerly adopted the birthday of sol invictus as the birthday of mithras.	the followers of mithraism, consequently, adopted the birthday of sol invictus as the birthday of mithras.
k-9 as it appeared in the 2006 series, showing appropriate wear and tear.	k-9 as it appeared in the 2006 series, showing wear and tear.
legislation to help industrialize the south and get them back on their feet after the terrible loss during the civil war.	legislation to help industrialize the south and get them back on their feet after the loss during the civil war.
alkaline diet (also known as the alkaline ash diet, alkaline acid diet, acid ash diet, and the acid alkaline diet) describes a group of loosely related diets based on the false belief that certain foods can affect the acidity (ph) of the body and can therefore be used to treat or prevent disease.	alkaline diet (also known as the alkaline ash diet, alkaline acid diet, acid ash diet, and the acid alkaline diet) describes a group of loosely related diets based on the belief that certain foods can affect the acidity (ph) of the body and can therefore be used to treat or prevent disease.
the practice of sahaja yoga results in spontaneous self-realization, which according to the official sahaja yoga website can be obtained as one sits in front of one's computer, although it is usually experienced at a sahaja yoga program.	the practice of sahaja yoga is said to result in spontaneous self-realization, which according to the official sahaja yoga website can be obtained as one sits in front of one's computer, although it is usually experienced at a sahaja yoga program.
per his senate voting record, obama has been ranked the fourth most loyal democrat, voting with the majority of the democratic party in the senate 94.97% of the time.	per his senate voting record, obama has been ranked the fourth most allegiant democrat, voting with the majority of the democratic party in the senate 94.97% of the time.
the north american man/boy love association (nambla) is a us-based organization that opposes absolute age-of-consent laws, and advocates on behalf of adults and minors involved in what they consider mutually consensual, non-exploitative relationships.	the north american man/boy love association (nambla) is a us-based organization that opposes age-of-consent laws, and advocates on behalf of adults and minors involved in what they consider mutually consensual, non-exploitative relationships.
more recently, he has attracted controversy for his disagreement of the mainstream scientific consensus on climate change.	more recently, he has attracted controversy for his public denial of the mainstream scientific consensus on climate change.
i love new year is an upcoming good comedy film starring sunny deol and kangana ranaut in the lead.	i love new year is an upcoming comedy film starring sunny deol and kangana ranaut in the lead.
alevis (turkish: aleviler) are adherents of a heretic branch of shi'a islam and their belief contains shades of pre-islamic religions of anatolia and ancient turkic shamanism.	alevis (turkish: aleviler) are adherents of a heterodox branch of shi'a islam and their belief contains shades of pre-islamic religions of anatolia and ancient turkic shamanism.
most major feminist organizations also support abortion-rights positions, as do the american medical association, the american congress of obstetricians and gynecologists, and pro-choice physicians such as eugene gu and warren hern who have fought political intimidation from pro-life congresswoman marsha blackburn.	most major feminist organizations also support abortion-rights positions, as do the american medical association, the american congress of obstetricians and gynecologists, and pro-choice physicians such as eugene gu and warren hern who have fought political oppositionn from pro-life congresswoman marsha blackburn.
a m1919 on the famous m2 tripod	a m1919 on the m2 tripod
the law erroneously defined certain semi-automatic weapons as assault weapon: certain models, such as the colt ar-15, tec-9, all kalashnikovs (including the ak-47), uzi, and others were banned by name; other firearms were banned for having certain features:	the law defined certain semi-automatic weapons as assault weapon: certain models, such as the colt ar-15, tec-9, all kalashnikovs (including the ak-47), uzi, and others were banned by name; other firearms were banned for having certain features:
raven-taylor-hales brethren have been the subject of quite widespread controversy and unwelcome publicity, at various times since the mid-1960s.	raven-taylor-hales brethren have been the subject of quite widespread controversy and adverse publicity, at various times since the mid-1960s.
hla region of chromosome 6. changes in this area increase the probability of suffering ms.	hla region of chromosome 6. changes in this area increase the probability of getting ms.
"after a lot of political wrangling, when the irregular militia of the nizam's prime minister (the razakars) began terrorising trains passing through the hyderabad state, india annexed hyderabad state by a military liberation called operation polo under the rubric of a ""police action."""	"after a lot of political wrangling, when the irregular militia of the nizam's prime minister (the razakars) began terrorising trains passing through the hyderabad state, india annexed hyderabad state by a military invasion called operation polo under the rubric of a ""police action."""
ohio university is a prominent u.s. public research university located on a campus in athens, ohio, united states.	ohio university is a u.s. public research university located on a campus in athens, ohio, united states.
he garnered enormous praise for his performance, winning three emmy awards, three screen actors guild awards, and one golden globe award.	he garnered praise for his performance, winning three emmy awards, three screen actors guild awards, and one golden globe award.
hindu revivalists, unlike communists , agree that the so-called tribals of india are hindus.	hindu revivalists, unlike hindu traditionalists , agree that the so-called tribals of india are hindus.
fritz von erich's first son was born jack barton adkisson, jr. on september 21, 1952. he tragically died after accidentally being electrocuted and drowning in a puddle at the age of 6 in niagara falls, new york.	fritz von erich's first son was born jack barton adkisson, jr. on september 21, 1952. he died after accidentally being electrocuted and drowning in a puddle at the age of 6 in niagara falls, new york.
in this match, with the scores locked at 1212 and the game into its 2nd half of golden point extra time, a trade-mark thurston break allowed him to set darren lockyer up for the series-winning try for the kangaroos finishing his year on a high note.	in this match, with the scores locked at 1212 and the game into its 2nd half of golden point extra time, a thurston break allowed him to set darren lockyer up for the series-winning try for the kangaroos finishing his year on a high note.
his debut was horrible , as his first two professional passes were intercepted by renegades line backer jeff gabrielsen.	his debut was not impresssive , as his first two professional passes were intercepted by renegades line backer jeff gabrielsen.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, or the uk) is a state situated in the british isles, off the north-western coast of mainland europe, with a land border with the republic of ireland and otherwise surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, or the uk) is a country situated in the british isles, off the north-western coast of mainland europe, with a land border with the republic of ireland and otherwise surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.
balhae (698 926) (bohai in chinese, ' also ' in russian; ) was an ancient korean kingdom established after the fall of goguryeo.	balhae (698 926) (bohai in chinese, ' also ' in russian; ) was an ancient kingdom established after the fall of goguryeo.
in 1976, he briefly re-entered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with anti-zionist statements (that were also widely seen as anti-semitic, though agnew denied this) calling for the united states to withdraw its support for the state of israel.	in 1976, he briefly re-entered the public spotlight and engendered controversy with anti-zionist statements (that were also widely seen as anti-semitic, though agnew denied this) that called for the united states to withdraw its support for the state of israel.
the leland hotel in springfield, illinois is a historic building.	the leland hotel in springfield, illinois is a building.
dorje shugden is a malefic deity of tibetan buddhism whose precise nature — enlightened tutelary deity (yidam) or bound protector (dharmapala) or an evil and malevolent force (rakshasa) — is disputed among adherents of tibetan buddhism, especially its gelugpa sect.	dorje shugden is a deity of tibetan buddhism whose precise nature — enlightened tutelary deity (yidam) or bound protector (dharmapala) or an evil and malevolent force (rakshasa) — is disputed among adherents of tibetan buddhism, especially its gelugpa sect.
frances upton (april 15, 1904 november 27, 1975 in philadelphia, pennsylvania) was a broadway actress and comedienne .	frances upton (april 15, 1904 november 27, 1975 in philadelphia, pennsylvania) was a broadway actress and comedian .
among those who follow magic as a competitive game, budde has reached the same level of fame and accomplishment that michael jordan, pel, and garry kasparov have attained in their respective sports .	among those who follow magic as a competitive game, budde has reached the same level of fame and accomplishment that michael jordan, pel, and garry kasparov have attained in their respective fields of competition .
a person with the fault of selfishness)	a person with the trait of selfishness)
during gaddafi's speech, which stretched for well over two hours, reports came in of another airstrike against rebel positions south of brega.	during gaddafi's speech, which lasted for well over two hours, reports came in of another airstrike against rebel positions south of brega.
kenneth charles branagh (b. december 10 1960) is an emmy award-winning, academy award nominated northern irish-born british actor and film director.	kenneth charles branagh (b. december 10 1960) is an emmy award-winning, academy award nominated northern irish-born actor and film director.
alleged anti-israel discrimination	anti-israel discrimination
a first information report was registered against him at the police station risala, karachi, on 2 december 2014 on the directives of a district and sessions court (south) after mounting pressure from influential sunni clerics at numaish chowrangi.	a first information report was registered against him at the police station risala, karachi, on 2 december 2014 on the directives of a district and sessions court (south) after mounting pressure from sunni clerics at numaish chowrangi.
the family institute of connecticut is an ecumenical conservative 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization founded in 1989. its stated goal is to encourage and strengthen the family as the foundation of society and to promote sound judeo-christian ethical and moral values in the culture and government of connecticut.	the family institute of connecticut is an ecumenical conservative 501(c)(3) non-profit educational organization founded in 1989. its stated goal is to encourage and strengthen the family as the foundation of society and to promote judeo-christian ethical and moral values in the culture and government of connecticut.
"in october 2009, obama was controversially awarded the nobel peace prize for ""his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples."""	"in october 2009, obama was awarded the nobel peace prize for ""his extraordinary efforts to strengthen international diplomacy and cooperation between peoples."""
emily grant hutchings claimed that her 1917 novel jap herron: a novel written from the ouija board was dictated by mark twain's spirit through the use of a ouija board after his passing .	emily grant hutchings claimed that her 1917 novel jap herron: a novel written from the ouija board was dictated by mark twain's spirit through the use of a ouija board after his death .
before her passing , murshida duce named dr. james s. b. mackie (19322001) as her successor.	before her death , murshida duce named dr. james s. b. mackie (19322001) as her successor.
francis ford coppola famously filmed apocalypse now in the philippines primarily because ferdinand marcos agreed to let coppola use philippine hueys to film the iconic scene with robert duvall as lt. colonel kilgore.	francis ford coppola filmed apocalypse now in the philippines primarily because ferdinand marcos agreed to let coppola use philippine hueys to film the iconic scene with robert duvall as lt. colonel kilgore.
anti-prostitution scholars hold that the victims are the prostitutes themselves, arguing that prostitution is a practice which leads to serious psychological and physical long term effects for the prostitutes.	anti-prostitution advocates hold that the victims are the prostitutes themselves, arguing that prostitution is a practice which leads to serious psychological and physical long term effects for the prostitutes.
"it is important to note, however, that this distribution of meanings between the two terms used to be precisely inverse at the time they were coined: the oxford english dictionary glosses racialism as ""belief in the superiority of a particular race"" and gives a 1907 quote as the first recorded use."	"it is important to note, however, that this distribution of meanings between the two terms used to be precisely inverse at the time they were coined: the oxford english dictionary defines racialism as ""belief in the superiority of a particular race"" and gives a 1907 quote as the first recorded use."
an effort to organize in this way during the early 1990s was dropped after widespread staff layoffs .	an effort to organize in this way during the early 1990s was dropped after widespread staff firings .
on the 15 august 2018 the bbc news clearly illustrated in a report from inside the hamman chott cemetery that at the 2014 ceremony, corbyn would have stood in the designated area where all dignitaries typically stand during ceremonies within the covered area of the enclosed palestinian section of the hamman chott cemetery.	on the 15 august 2018 the bbc news illustrated in a report from inside the hamman chott cemetery that at the 2014 ceremony, corbyn would have stood in the designated area where all dignitaries typically stand during ceremonies within the covered area of the enclosed palestinian section of the hamman chott cemetery.
as punishment, he is restrained, beaten, and sodomised in the shower by the aryan brotherhood members; derek recovers and is visited by sweeney, whom he asks for help to be paroled.	as punishment, he is restrained, beaten, and raped in the shower by the aryan brotherhood members; derek recovers and is visited by sweeney, whom he asks for help to be paroled.
from there, vicolo del curato is its west prosecution .	from there, vicolo del curato is its west extension .
private schools, both religious or secular (the latter often with specialisations), may charge much higher fees.	private schools, both religious or secular (the latter often with specialisations), may charge higher fees.
such long acting injections are controversial because it can be seen as denying patients their right to stop taking their medication.	such long acting injections are controversial because it can be seen as denying people their right to stop taking their medication.
the collapse of the eastern bloc from 1989 to 1991, particularly north korea's principal source of support, the soviet union, forced the north korean economy to realign its foreign economic relations, including increased economic exchanges with democratic south korea.	the collapse of the eastern bloc from 1989 to 1991, particularly north korea's principal source of support, the soviet union, forced the north korean economy to realign its foreign economic relations, including increased economic exchanges with south korea.
he is named after the famous writer and baltimore, maryland resident, edgar allan poe.	he is named after the writer and baltimore, maryland resident, edgar allan poe.
the rights and obligations of the husband regarding his wife , others, and his status in the community and in law, vary between cultures and have varied over time.	the rights and obligations of the husband regarding his spouse , others, and his status in the community and in law, vary between cultures and have varied over time.
laurie kilmartin is an american comedienne and writer best known for being a finalist on last comic standing season 7. she is currently a staff writer for the conan o'brien show conan.	laurie kilmartin is an american comedian and writer best known for being a finalist on last comic standing season 7. she is currently a staff writer for the conan o'brien show conan.
he was probably one of the best violinists of the century though nowadays he is not well known.	he was probably one of the best violinists of the century though he is not well known.
his career seemed to be going nowhere in particular until he took out a large 30,000 gbp bank loan, secured by a life insurance policy, to buy his way into the fledgling march team as a formula two (f2) driver in 1971. because of his family's disapproval he had an ongoing feud with his family over his racing ambitions and abandoned further contact.	his career seemed to be going nowhere in particular until he took out a 30,000 gbp bank loan, secured by a life insurance policy, to buy his way into the fledgling march team as a formula two (f2) driver in 1971. because of his family's disapproval he had an ongoing feud with his family over his racing ambitions and abandoned further contact.
this article is about the rebel colony of (southern) rhodesia , today zimbabwe.	this article is about the former british colony of (southern) rhodesia , today zimbabwe.
shirley jane temple (born april 23, 1928), known for most of her adult life by her married name, shirley temple black, is an actress, singer, and tap dancer, who is best known for being an iconic american child actress of the 1930's.	shirley jane temple (born april 23, 1928), known for most of her adult life by her married name, shirley temple black, is an actress, singer, and tap dancer, who is best known for being an american child actress of the 1930's.
directed by raoul walsh, from a screenplay by ivan goff and ben roberts based on a story by virginia kellogg, it is consider one of the best gangster films.	directed by raoul walsh, from a screenplay by ivan goff and ben roberts based on a story by virginia kellogg, it is consider one of the classic gangster films.
despite this and other similar rulings, people continue to read and believe these assertions .	despite this and other similar rulings, people continue to read and believe these sources .
sennett eloquently describes the transformations that have taken place in postmodern capitalism as corporations have become more diffuse, unstable, and decentered.	sennett describes the transformations that have taken place in postmodern capitalism as corporations have become more diffuse, unstable, and decentered.
"an official european union survey provides corresponding figures: 18% of the eu population do not believe in a god; 27% accept the existence of some ""spirit or life force"", while 52% affirm belief in a specific god."	"an official european union survey provides corresponding figures: 18% of the eu population do not believe in a god; 27% affirm the existence of some ""spirit or life force"", while 52% affirm belief in a specific god."
the account closely resembles alban's martyrdom, and many historians have reasonably concluded that this may be a reference to alban, making it the earliest surviving reference to a british saint.	the account closely resembles alban's martyrdom, and many historians have concluded that this may be a reference to alban, making it the earliest surviving reference to a british saint.
the small business administration, or sba, is a united states government agency that ostensibly provides support to small businesses.	the small business administration, or sba, is a united states government agency that provides support to small businesses.
as support, they say that flight 93 was reported to have landed only hours after it had reportedly crashed.	as support, they note that flight 93 was reported to have landed only hours after it had reportedly crashed.
when liaodong was finally conquered by wei, cooperation between wei and goguryeo fell apart and goguryeo attacked the western edges of liaodong, which incited a wei counterattack in 244. on this occasion, wei reached and destroyed the goguryeo capital at wandu/ hwando fortress (present-day wandu mountain city in ji'an, jilin province).	when liaodong was finally conquered by wei, cooperation between wei and goguryeo fell apart and goguryeo attacked the western edges of liaodong, which incited a wei counterattack in 244. on this occasion, wei reached and destroyed the goguryeo capital at hwando fortress (present-day wandu mountain city in ji'an, jilin province).
"in 1966, he was elected the 33rd governor of california, defeating two-term governor edmund g. ""pat"" brown, after conspiring with uc regent edwin pauley to crack down on anti-war protesters at uc berkeley."	"in 1966, he was elected the 33rd governor of california, defeating two-term governor edmund g. ""pat"" brown, after working with uc regent edwin pauley to crack down on anti-war protesters at uc berkeley."
although the long term aim of the center is to foster development of full economic, social, and cultural rights, during the current heightened conflict between israelis and palestinians the al mezan center has focused on accelerating violations of basic civil rights and human rights by both the israeli defense forces and the palestinian authority.	although the long term aim of the center is to foster development of full economic, social, and cultural rights, during the current heightened conflict between israelis and palestinians the al mezan center has focused on violations of basic civil rights and human rights by both the israeli defense forces and the palestinian authority.
beautiful christer as part of after dark on stage during melodifestivalen 2004.christer lindarw without drag cloths and make-up.christer lindarw, born 3 march 1953 in eskilstuna, sdermanlands ln, swedish clothes designer and the country's most known drag queen artist, and leader of dragshow-group after dark.	christer as part of after dark on stage during melodifestivalen 2004.christer lindarw without drag cloths and make-up.christer lindarw, born 3 march 1953 in eskilstuna, sdermanlands ln, swedish clothes designer and the country's most known drag queen artist, and leader of dragshow-group after dark.
in december 2007, the newspaper published an interview with the controversial labour party donor, david abrahams.	in december 2007, the newspaper published an interview with the labour party donor, david abrahams.
vehemently anti-israel and, according to many , anti-semitic	vehemently anti-israel and, according to some , anti-semitic
excellent tutorials from dive into python	tutorials from dive into python
one large criticism of whois is the lack of full access to the data.	one criticism of whois is the lack of full access to the data.
during its last year of production, educational showcased the young comedy/dance team of herman timberg, jr. and pat rooney, jr., singers niela goodelle and lee sullivan, comic charles kemper, and comedienne harriet hutchins.	during its last year of production, educational showcased the young comedy/dance team of herman timberg, jr. and pat rooney, jr., singers niela goodelle and lee sullivan, comic charles kemper, and comedian harriet hutchins.
reform judaism can refer to (1) the largest denomination of american jews and its sibling movements in other countries, (2) a branch of judaism in the united kingdom, and (3) the historical predecessor of the american movement that originated in 19th-century germany.	reform judaism can refer to (1) the a denomination of american jews and its sibling movements in other countries, (2) a branch of judaism in the united kingdom, and (3) the historical predecessor of the american movement that originated in 19th-century germany.
so as not to waste the time of the original writer, a side note, the misfits are hardcore, there is no such thing as horror punk, the misfits by the the misfits i mean danzig era, are hardcore.	so as not to waste the time of the original writer, a side note, the misfits are hardcore, there is no sense thing as horror punk, the misfits by the the misfits i mean danzig era, are hardcore.
these accusations ignore the official report drawn by paul grescovich, chief of the zmir fire department at that time.	these accusations do not match the official report drawn by paul grescovich, chief of the zmir fire department at that time.
commitment was made to the spanish rebellion in the peninsula war, where, protected by topography, and greatly assisted by massive spanish guerrilla activity, and sometimes falling back to massive earthworks, the anglo-portuguese army succeeded in harassing french forces for several years.	commitment was made to the spanish rebellion in the peninsula war, where, protected by topography, and assisted by massive spanish guerrilla activity, and sometimes falling back to massive earthworks, the anglo-portuguese army succeeded in harassing french forces for several years.
she lived with muhammad for only three years until his death.	she lived with muhammad for three years until his death.
"giancarlo is currently producing the cg television show, ""green lantern: the animated series"" working with animation legend bruce timm."	"giancarlo is currently producing the cg television show, ""green lantern: the animated series"" working with animation producer bruce timm."
the band's live performances influenced progressive rock acts such as rush, jam bands such as the allman brothers band, grateful dead and phish, and even heavy metal bands such as black sabbath.	the band's live performances influenced progressive rock acts such as rush, jam bands such as the allman brothers band, grateful dead and phish, and heavy metal bands such as black sabbath.
the imperial and the mark cross edition of the lebaron convertible were the only vehicles, however, which proudly wore it as a jewel-like, cut crystal, stand-up hood ornament.	the imperial and the mark cross edition of the lebaron convertible were the only vehicles, however, which wore it as a jewel-like, cut crystal, stand-up hood ornament.
this was a high-rise development designed by controversial architect harry seidler and built in 1982-87. it occupies the block bounded by grosvenor, george, harrington and essex streets.	this was a high-rise development designed by architect harry seidler and built in 1982-87. it occupies the block bounded by grosvenor, george, harrington and essex streets.
"people also started to tie-dye and screen-print the basic t-shirt and variants such as the tank top, a-shirt (with the insulting nickname ""wife beater""), muscle shirt, scoop neck, v-neck etc."	"people also started to tie-dye and screen-print the basic t-shirt and variants such as the tank top, a-shirt (with the nickname ""wife beater""), muscle shirt, scoop neck, v-neck etc."
a well-controlled clinical study by heaney and rafferty using calcium-balance methods found no impact of carbonated soft drinks containing phosphoric acid on calcium excretion.	a clinical study by heaney and rafferty using calcium-balance methods found no impact of carbonated soft drinks containing phosphoric acid on calcium excretion.
during the battle, 70 muslims who had memorized the quran were martyred .	during the battle, 70 muslims who had memorized the quran were killed .
in march 2016, the atl automotive group announced an exclusive partnership to bring iconic german carmaker porsche to jamaica.	in march 2016, the atl automotive group announced an exclusive partnership to bring german carmaker porsche to jamaica.
wharnsby's songs have also found their way onto the recordings of other notable artists.	wharnsby's songs have also found their way onto the recordings of notable artists.
fran de aquino has published remarkable calculations explaining the cause and proper harnessing of the electrogravitic effect.	fran de aquino has published calculations explaining the cause and proper harnessing of the electrogravitic effect.
"dubbed the ""iron lady"" for her firm opposition to the soviet union, she implemented a number of strict conservative policies that have come to be known as thatcherism."	"dubbed the ""iron lady"" for her firm opposition to the soviet union, she implemented a number of conservative policies that have come to be known as thatcherism."
natasha leggero is an actress and stand up comedienne .	natasha leggero is an actress and stand up comedian .
his design was a primitive precursor of the modern transformer, called an induction coil.	his design was a early precursor of the modern transformer, called an induction coil.
originally written for ubuntu, it has since been ported to multiple other gnu/ linux distributions and other unix-like operating systems.	originally written for ubuntu, it has since been ported to multiple other linux distributions and other unix-like operating systems.
"ahijah - brother (i.e., ""friend"") of jehovah ."	"ahijah - brother (i.e., ""friend"") of yahweh ."
as a smpte standard, vc-1 is open to implementation by anyone, although implementers are hypothetically required to pay hefty licensing fees to the mpeg la, llc.	as a smpte standard, vc-1 is open to implementation by anyone, although implementers are hypothetically required to pay licensing fees to the mpeg la, llc.
they were coached by former islanders head coach steve stirling for their first two seasons, and have produced islanders stars trent hunter, rick dipietro.	they were coached by former islanders head coach steve stirling for their first two seasons, and have produced islanders mainstays trent hunter, rick dipietro.
michael the brave marched into transylvania to fight against the ottoman aggression .	michael the brave marched into transylvania to fight against the ottoman s .
the war on drugs is a controversial prohibition campaign undertaken by the united states government with the assistance of participating countries, intended to reduce the illegal drug tradeto curb supply and diminish demand for specific psychoactive substances deemed immoral, harmful, dangerous, or undesirable.	the war on drugs is a prohibition campaign undertaken by the united states government with the assistance of participating countries, intended to reduce the illegal drug tradeto curb supply and diminish demand for specific psychoactive substances deemed immoral, harmful, dangerous, or undesirable.
the original opening, which depicted a cartoon butterfly transforming the surroundings of young children reading books into cartoon fantasylands, was used until 1999. later episodes used a new opening with the same theme song performed by r&b legend chaka khan.	the original opening, which depicted a cartoon butterfly transforming the surroundings of young children reading books into cartoon fantasylands, was used until 1999. later episodes used a new opening with the same theme song performed by r&b performer chaka khan.
"a recurring column is ""jay leno's garage"" featuring observations by the famed late-night talk show host and vehicle enthusiast."	"a recurring column is ""jay leno's garage"" featuring observations by the late-night talk show host and vehicle enthusiast."
indeed, while we are still able to read our written heritage from several thousand years ago, the digital information created merely a decade ago is in serious danger of being lost, creating a digital dark age.	indeed, while we are still able to read our written heritage from several thousand years ago, the digital information created merely a decade ago is in danger of being lost, creating a digital dark age.
he tirelessly attends functions all around the city, and his administration has remained relatively scandal-free.	he attends functions all around the city, and his administration has remained relatively scandal-free.
he has also been a guest on numerous radio and tv shows including all things considered, talk of the nation, morning edition, worldview, the news hour with jim lehrer, charlie rose, and nightline, and has appeared on the bbc, the cbc, france inter and the voice of america.	he has also been a guest on radio and tv shows including all things considered, talk of the nation, morning edition, worldview, the news hour with jim lehrer, charlie rose, and nightline, and has appeared on the bbc, the cbc, france inter and the voice of america.
in more recent times the word is frequently used by those in the reformed protestant camp to designate anyone who deviates from the augustinian/ calvinist/reformed theology camp, such as arminians.	in more recent times the word is frequently used by those in the reformed protestant camp to designate anyone who deviates from the calvinist/reformed theology camp, such as arminians.
these gains were due largely to the eradication and control of numerous infectious diseases and to non-sustainable advances in agricultural technology (such as chemical fertilizers).	these gains were due largely to the eradication and control of numerous infectious diseases and to advances in agricultural technology (such as chemical fertilizers).
when the supreme court banned racial property restrictions in a landmark 1948 decision, blacks began to flood into surrounding areas.	when the supreme court banned racial property restrictions in a landmark 1948 decision, blacks began to move into surrounding areas.
the majestic buildings of the royal residences were built mainly during the reign of frederick the great.	the buildings of the royal residences were built mainly during the reign of frederick the great.
the shan have brought their amazingly colorful poy sang long ceremony to northern thailand.	the shan have brought their colorful poy sang long ceremony to northern thailand.
dee dreams of becoming an actress even though she has no acting experience and no talent; however, she deludes herself into falsely thinking she is a talented actress/ comedienne .	dee dreams of becoming an actress even though she has no acting experience and no talent; however, she deludes herself into falsely thinking she is a talented actress/ comedian .
"it differs from the better-known ethnologue in several positive ways: it attempts to only accept languages which the editors have been able to confirm both exist and are distinct (varieties which have not been confirmed, but are inherited from another source, are tagged as ""spurious"" or ""unattested""); it attempts to only classify languages into families which have been demonstrated to be valid; extensive bibliographic information is provided, especially for lesser-known languages, where glottolog attempts to be comprehensive; and, to a limited extent, alternative names are listed according to the sources which use them."	"it differs from the better-known ethnologue in several ways: it attempts to only accept languages which the editors have been able to confirm both exist and are distinct (varieties which have not been confirmed, but are inherited from another source, are tagged as ""spurious"" or ""unattested""); it attempts to only classify languages into families which have been demonstrated to be valid; extensive bibliographic information is provided, especially for lesser-known languages, where glottolog attempts to be comprehensive; and, to a limited extent, alternative names are listed according to the sources which use them."
along the way to new jersey she finds out that she is the last scion, the last living descendant of mary and joseph, and thus the last living relative of jesus christ .	along the way to new jersey she finds out that she is the last scion, the last living descendant of mary and joseph, and thus the last living relative of jesus of nazareth .
the kingston trio changed o'brien's name in their version of the song to avoid it being associated with his disgraced party.	the kingston trio changed o'brien's name in their version of the song to avoid it being associated with his party.
product red claims that its main principles are:	product red states that its main principles are:
in the context of failure to be nominated for the presidential election by his party, crowley acrimoniously withdrew his candidature for the nomination.	in the context of failure to be nominated for the presidential election by his party, crowley withdrew his candidature for the nomination.
his winning percentage as a head coach is only 56.25. he is considered one of the great defensive minds in football.	his winning percentage as a head coach is 56.25. he is considered one of the great defensive minds in football.
siti held a successful solo concert at the prestigious royal albert hall in london in april 1, 2005, although the majority of the audience were malaysians living in the united kingdom and malaysians who had travelled just to see the concert.	siti held a successful solo concert at the royal albert hall in london in april 1, 2005, although the majority of the audience were malaysians living in the united kingdom and malaysians who had travelled just to see the concert.
in 1994, she became the first artist to be presented with the prestigious commission for the napoleon garden sculpture exhibition in holland park.	in 1994, she became the first artist to be presented with the commission for the napoleon garden sculpture exhibition in holland park.
the foundation offers high-quality teaching through three master programmes (ape, ete and ppd) and a phd programme (within ede-eps).	the foundation offers teaching through three master programmes (ape, ete and ppd) and a phd programme (within ede-eps).
"experts in branding and marketing, such as wendy clark of coca cola, and roy spence of gsd&m, have been brought into the campaign to assist with ""re-branding"" clinton."	"professionals in branding and marketing, such as wendy clark of coca cola, and roy spence of gsd&m, have been brought into the campaign to assist with ""re-branding"" clinton."
"according to liberal commentator jeffrey toobin, writing in the new yorker, ""in every major case since he became the nations seventeenth chief justice, roberts has sided with the prosecution over the defendant, the state over the condemned, the executive branch over the legislative, and the corporate defendant over the individual plaintiff."	"according to commentator jeffrey toobin, writing in the new yorker, ""in every major case since he became the nations seventeenth chief justice, roberts has sided with the prosecution over the defendant, the state over the condemned, the executive branch over the legislative, and the corporate defendant over the individual plaintiff."
julian assange accused harding of taking credit for work by other moscow-based journalists prior to the accusations of plagiarism by the exile's mark ames and yasha levine, from whom he had misappropriated entire paragraphs without alteration.	julian assange accused harding of taking credit for work by other moscow-based journalists prior to the accusations of plagiarism by the exile 's mark ames and yasha levine, from whom he had used entire paragraphs without alteration.
caroline quentin, actress and comedienne , best known for tv series' men behaving badly, blue murder and bbc's, life of riley	caroline quentin, actress and comedian , best known for tv series' men behaving badly, blue murder and bbc's, life of riley
legendary tag team and current iwgp tag team and tna world tag team champions, team 3d (brother ray (mark lomonaco and brother devon (devon hughes), announced the team 3d invitational tag team tournament, which was an eight-team, three-round single-elimination tournament with the winning team receiving a trophy, a check for $100,000 and a shot at the tna world tag team championship.	another rivalry involving the tag team and current iwgp tag team and tna world tag team champions, team 3d (brother ray (mark lomonaco and brother devon (devon hughes), announced the team 3d invitational tag team tournament, which was an eight-team, three-round single-elimination tournament with the winning team receiving a trophy, a check for $100,000 and a shot at the tna world tag team championship.
youth for western civilization (ywc) is a right-wing youth group active on college campuses throughout the united states.	youth for western civilization (ywc) is a conservative youth group active on college campuses throughout the united states.
the marx brothers were a popular team of sibling comedians who appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, film, and television.	the marx brothers were a team of sibling comedians who appeared in vaudeville, stage plays, film, and television.
these contributions ignore the relevant glacial geological data published since 1974 in the literature referred to in kuhle (2004) .	these contributions ignore the glacial geological data published since 1974 in the literature referred to in kuhle (2004) .
in its three days, the album continued to soar in sales and sold over 432,000 copies, thereby topping the uk albums chart with just three days of availability.	in its three days, the album continued to increase in sales and sold over 432,000 copies, thereby topping the uk albums chart with just three days of availability.
on 6 december 1745, they withdrew, with charles edward stuart petulantly leaving command to murray.	on 6 december 1745, they withdrew, with charles edward stuart leaving command to murray.
unfortunately , germany was defeated by the allied powers in 1945 and during the final days of the war hitler committed suicide in his underground bunker in berlin.	ultimately , germany was defeated by the allied powers in 1945 and during the final days of the war hitler committed suicide in his underground bunker in berlin.
"in 2003, monsignor peter fleetwood, a vatican priest, claimed during a press conference on inter-religious dialogue, ""if i have understood well the intentions of harry potter's author, they help children to see the difference between good and evil."	"in 2003, peter fleetwood, a vatican priest, claimed during a press conference on inter-religious dialogue, ""if i have understood well the intentions of harry potter's author, they help children to see the difference between good and evil."
on june 9, 2017, west died in los angeles after a short battle with leukemia.	on june 9, 2017, west died in los angeles after a battle with leukemia.
jewish arab female singer dana international winning the 1998 euvrovision	jewish arab singer dana international winning the 1998 euvrovision
it was the final single to be released by winehouse before her tragic death in 2011.	it was the final single to be released by winehouse before her death in 2011.
as a senior , he was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.	as a senior , he was elected to the sphinx head society.
in early 2005, she was one of eight women selected from thousands for the prestigious american film institute's dww (directing workshop for women).	in early 2005, she was one of eight women selected from thousands for the american film institute's dww (directing workshop for women).
by april 9, the soviet troops began to infiltrate the center of the city, but the senseless street fighting continued for several days more.	by april 9, the soviet troops began to infiltrate the center of the city, but the street fighting continued for several days more.
with over 400 dedicated members, it is the largest student-funded organization on campus.	with over 400 members, it is the largest student-funded organization on campus.
hexacorallia includes important coral reef builders the stony corals (scleractinia), sea anemones (actiniaria), and zoanthids (zoantharia).	hexacorallia includes coral reef builders the stony corals (scleractinia), sea anemones (actiniaria), and zoanthids (zoantharia).
crt recognizes that racism is engrained sic in the fabric and system of the american society.	crt postulates that racism is engrained sic in the fabric and system of the american society.
henry was a fur-trader again until 1796 and then became a merchant in montreal, quebec in canada where he lived until his passing in 1824.	henry was a fur-trader again until 1796 and then became a merchant in montreal, quebec in canada where he lived until his death in 1824.
there have been suspicions voiced by hindu groups over reddy's evil intentions.	there have been suspicions voiced by hindu groups over reddy's intentions.
wong kei is situated at 4143 wardour street, in a building previously owned by willy clarkson (18611934), a famous theatrical wig maker and costumier, as attested by the 1966 blue plaque on the faade.	wong kei is situated at 4143 wardour street, in a building previously owned by willy clarkson (18611934), a theatrical wig maker and costumier, as attested by the 1966 blue plaque on the faade.
there is some evidence that the same may be true for unborn and newborn children.	there is some evidence that the same may be true for fetuses and newborn children.
logical reality - includes articles relating to pedophilia from a freethinking perspective, and a large discussion forum.	logical reality - includes articles relating to pedophilia from a tolerant perspective, and a large discussion forum.
abkhazia and south ossetia are countries that are currently recognized only by russia and nicaragua.	abkhazia and south ossetia are countries that are currently recognized by russia and nicaragua.
evolution: teach biological evolution as dogma , or let students make up their own minds	evolution: teach biological evolution as truth , or let students make up their own minds
but in order to make this more equitable, such measures should be complemented by actions to enhance collection efficiency, reduce the incidence of illegal connections, increase the share of metered connections (see water meters), revise tariff structures and introduce means-tested subsidies where feasible.	but in order to make this more equitable, such measures would have to be complemented by actions to enhance collection efficiency, reduce the incidence of illegal connections, increase the share of metered connections (see water meters), revise tariff structures and introduce means-tested subsidies where feasible.
"critics, such as the washington times, gleefully claimed that gore was giving a speech on ""global warming"" on manhattan's coldest day in 47 years."	"critics, such as the washington times, claimed that gore was giving a speech on ""global warming"" on manhattan's coldest day in 47 years."
although these goods are free goods (in the economic sense) once they have been produced, they do require scarce resources, such as skilled manpower , to create them in the first place.	although these goods are free goods (in the economic sense) once they have been produced, they do require scarce resources, such as skilled labour , to create them in the first place.
"as neil cavuto observed, participants in the rallies ""hate everyone who wants to waste money,"" noting that democrats and republicans were often targeted for derision."	"as neil cavuto observed, participants in the rallies ""hate everyone who wants to waste money,"" claiming that democrats and republicans were often targeted for derision."
joseph francis buck (born april 25, 1969) is a bad american sportscaster, and the son of the late hall of fame sportscaster jack buck.	joseph francis buck (born april 25, 1969) is a american sportscaster, and the son of the late hall of fame sportscaster jack buck.
the film spans the key periods of turing's life: his unhappy teenage years at boarding school; the triumph of his secret wartime work on the revolutionary electro-mechanical bombe that was capable of breaking 3,000 enigma-generated naval codes a day; and the tragedy of his post-war decline following his conviction for gross indecency, a now-outdated criminal offence stemming from his admission of maintaining a homosexual relationship.	the film spans the key periods of turing's life: his unhappy teenage years at boarding school; the triumph of his secret wartime work on the revolutionary electro-mechanical bombe that was capable of breaking 3,000 enigma-generated naval codes a day; and the tragedy of his post-war decline following his conviction for gross indecency, a criminal offence stemming from his admission of maintaining a homosexual relationship.
he was a lawyer, diplomat, and statesman , and, as a founding father, a leader of american independence from great britain.	he was a lawyer, diplomat, and politician , and, as a founding father, a leader of american independence from great britain.
chandra north (born july 31, 1973 in dallas, texas, usa) is an american supermodel .	chandra north (born july 31, 1973 in dallas, texas, usa) is an american model .
in an interview with details magazine in november 1991, phoenix claimed he lost his virginity at age four while in the children of god.	in an interview with details magazine in november 1991, phoenix stated that he lost his virginity at age four while in the children of god.
though citizens of both countries were initially unhappy about having to share the honors with the other, and the dokdo controversy flared up again, it turned out to be very successful.	though citizens of both countries were initially unhappy about having to share the honors with the other, and the liancourt rocks controversy flared up again, it turned out to be very successful.
phillips' later claim, undoubtedly biased by his own interest in self-promotion, that this was the first rock and roll record, has often been repeated by others, although there are numerous more-worthy candidates.	phillips' later claim, undoubtedly biased by his own interest in self-promotion, that this was the first rock and roll record, has often been repeated by others, although there are numerous other candidates.
un secretary-general ban ki-moon condemns the palestinian terrorist itamar attack that stabbed and murdered an israeli family of five.	un secretary-general ban ki-moon condemns the palestinian itamar attack that stabbed and murdered an israeli family of five.
a straw purchase or nominee purchase is any purchase wherein an agent agrees to acquire a good or service for someone who is unable or unwilling to purchase the good or service himself , and the agent transfers the goods/services to that person after purchasing them.	a straw purchase or nominee purchase is any purchase wherein an agent agrees to acquire a good or service for someone who is unable or unwilling to purchase the good or service themselves , and the agent transfers the goods/services to that person after purchasing them.
in the green party, the bourgeois leader rudi anschober was able to convince party members and after some dealing became state councillor for environmental affairs.	in the green party, the leader rudi anschober was able to convince party members and after some dealing became state councillor for environmental affairs.
"the current leader or ""international reference person"" is tim jackins, a former math professor from palo alto, california, and the founder's eldest son, who assumed the title when harvey jackins died in 1999. the core organization structure of rc consists of classes and local communities set up by experienced co-counselors, which are in turn organized by regions and, sometimes, loose country-wide affiliations."	"the current leader or ""international reference person"" is tim jackins, a former math teacher from palo alto, california, and the founder's eldest son, who assumed the title when harvey jackins died in 1999. the core organization structure of rc consists of classes and local communities set up by experienced co-counselors, which are in turn organized by regions and, sometimes, loose country-wide affiliations."
"the university then moved to a pompous policy of insisting that the university must only be called ""the university of birmingham""."	"the university then moved to a policy of insisting that the university must only be called ""the university of birmingham""."
an education in music also increases overall brain activity.	an education in music increases overall brain activity .
a flash web template uses macromedia flash to create visually appealing sites.	a flash web template uses macromedia flash to create visually interactive sites.
"taga za yug (, , in english ""longing for the south"") is the name of a famous poem of macedonian"	"taga za yug (, , in english ""longing for the south"") is the name of a famous poem of bulgarian"
the deceitful king passed this information along to the magi.	the king passed this information along to the magi.
white supremacy is most often thought of in connection with anti-black racism and anti-semitism, though it has also been used to rationalize discrimination against native americans, chinese, irish, roman catholics, southeast asians, arabs and others.	white supremacy is most often thought of in connection with anti-black racism and anti-semitism, though it has also been used to justify discrimination against native americans, chinese, irish, roman catholics, southeast asians, arabs and others.
before the albums release, hip hop lyricism was mostly defined by two prevalent forms: one that was characterized by a fast-paced ragga-flow accompanied with a whimsical, often nonsensical lyrical delivery (a trendy style that was popularized by the brooklyn-based groups das efx and the fu-schnickens) and another that was characterized by a slurred lazy drawl which sacrificed lyrical complexity for simplistic clarity and a rhythmic flow (a style that was common among several west coast hip hop artists, especially snoop doggy dogg and warren g).	before the albums release, hip hop lyricism was mostly defined by two prevalent forms: one that was characterized by a fast-paced ragga-flow accompanied with a whimsical, often nonsensical lyrical delivery (a trendy style that was popularized by the brooklyn-based groups das efx and the fu-schnickens) and another that was characterized by a slurred lazy drawl which sacrificed lyrical complexity for clarity and a rhythmic flow (a style that was common among several west coast hip hop artists, especially snoop doggy dogg and warren g).
howard enjoyed his first success in club hurling with croom in 1919. a narrow 11 to 10 defeat of fedamore gave him a coveted championship medal.	howard enjoyed his first success in club hurling with croom in 1919. a narrow 11 to 10 defeat of fedamore gave him a limerick senior hurling championship medal.
rad is especially well suited (although definitely not limited to) developing software that is driven by user interface requirements.	rad is especially well suited (although not limited to) developing software that is driven by user interface requirements.
as a result, up until this day flemish nationalism is often wrongly associated with right wing and fascist ideologies.	as a result, up until this day flemish nationalism is often associated with right wing and fascist ideologies.
sense is the second album by as-rock-as-a-sponge pop group the lightning seeds released in 1992 chiefly produced by ian broudie and simon rogers.	sense is the second album by pop group the lightning seeds released in 1992 chiefly produced by ian broudie and simon rogers.
to get a neutral charge, we must deprotonate the lysine twice , and therefore use the r-group and amine pka values (found at list of standard amino acids).	to get a neutral charge, we must deprotonate the lysine sidechaine , and therefore use the r-group and amine pka values (found at list of standard amino acids).
she would later study her father's movements and mannerisms for her role in the theory of flight, before his passing in january 2004.	she would later study her father's movements and mannerisms for her role in the theory of flight, before his death in january 2004.
the baloch republican army (bra) is a baloch secessionist organization albeit a terrorist group which has openly admitted to attacks against innocent civilians, pakistani security forces and infrastructure on 5 july 2007. their prime targets are individuals of pakistani armed forces, non-native baloch, tourists, international oil companies, pakistan railways and electricity infrastructure.	the baloch republican army (bra) is a baloch secessionist organization albeit a terrorist group which has openly admitted to attacks against civilians, pakistani security forces and infrastructure on 5 july 2007. their prime targets are individuals of pakistani armed forces, non-native baloch, tourists, international oil companies, pakistan railways and electricity infrastructure.
according to arab sources in the year 750, abu al-'abbas al-saffah (al-saffah), the founder of the abbasid caliphate launched a massive rebellion against the discriminatory umayyad caliphate from the province of khurasan near talas.	according to arab sources in the year 750, abu al-'abbas al-saffah (al-saffah), the founder of the abbasid caliphate launched a massive rebellion against the incumbent umayyad caliphate from the province of khurasan near talas.
10 january - the norwegian right-wing christian newspaper magazinet publishes the drawings.	10 january - the norwegian christian newspaper magazinet publishes the drawings.
as roma beat olympique lyonnais to reach the quarter finals of the champions league in 2007, but after taking a 2-1 lead over manchester united at home and being undefeated in 10 games in all competitions, they suffered a humiliating 7-1 defeat in the second leg at old trafford (8-3 on aggregate).	as roma beat olympique lyonnais to reach the quarter finals of the champions league in 2007, but after taking a 2-1 lead over manchester united at home and being undefeated in 10 games in all competitions, they suffered a 7-1 defeat in the second leg at old trafford (8-3 on aggregate).
he attended toronto's prestigious upper canada college (head prefect, 1955) and then later the university of toronto, from which he received both an undergraduate degree in engineering and an mba, while also setting canadian national swimming records and captaining the university of toronto swim team.	he attended toronto's upper canada college (head prefect, 1955) and then later the university of toronto, from which he received both an undergraduate degree in engineering and an mba, while also setting canadian national swimming records and captaining the university of toronto swim team.
in 2008, washington visited israel with a delegation of african-american artists in honor of the jewish state's 60th birthday.	in 2008, washington visited israel with a delegation of african-american artists in honor of the zionist state's 60th birthday.
fertility awareness forms of nfp (which require daily charting of fertility signs) can result in couples communicating more about their bodies and sexuality; this is claimed to improve communication skills throughout the entire marriage.	fertility awareness forms of nfp (which require daily charting of fertility signs) can result in couples communicating more about their bodies and sexuality; this is said to improve communication skills throughout the entire marriage.
he is the nephew of popular actor and director, arjun sarja.	he is the nephew of actor and director, arjun sarja.
theranos is a privately held health technology company known for its false claims to have devised revolutionary blood tests using very small amounts of blood.	theranos is a privately held health technology company known for its dubious claims to have devised revolutionary blood tests using very small amounts of blood.
clean coal has been mentioned by united states president george w. bush on several occasions, including his latest state of the union address.	clean coal has been mentioned by united states president george w. bush on several occasions, including his 2007 state of the union address.
"norma l. mccorvey (born september 22, 1947 in simmesport, louisiana) is best known as ""jane roe"" in the landmark roe v. wade lawsuit in which a 1973 u.s. supreme court ruling recognized abortion as a supposed constitutional right, overturning individual states' laws against abortion."	"norma l. mccorvey (born september 22, 1947 in simmesport, louisiana) is best known as ""jane roe"" in the landmark roe v. wade lawsuit in which a 1973 u.s. supreme court ruling recognized abortion as a constitutional right, overturning individual states' laws against abortion."
in her 2004 u.s. open quarterfinal match against jennifer capriati, an overrule was made by chair umpire mariana alves in capriati's favor, even though later video review showed this to be an obvious error.	in her 2004 u.s. open quarterfinal match against jennifer capriati, an overrule was made by chair umpire mariana alves in capriati's favor, even though later video review showed this to be an error.
some of karmanlis's conservative opponents have criticized his socialist economic policies during the 1970s, which included the nationalization of olympic airways and emporiki bank and the creation of a bloated public sector.	some of karmanlis's conservative opponents have criticized his socialist economic policies during the 1970s, which included the nationalization of olympic airways and emporiki bank and the creation of a large public sector.
at this point, he must rely on the chainbrake and protective clothing to save him from injury or worse.	at this point, the operator must rely on the chainbrake and protective clothing to save him from injury or worse.
"osorio also composed the last track recorded by celia cruz before her passing : ""rie y llora"" (""laugh and cry""); the song reached number-one on the latin tropical airplay and earned osorio a latin grammy in 2004 for best tropical song."	"osorio also composed the last track recorded by celia cruz before her death : ""rie y llora"" (""laugh and cry""); the song reached number-one on the latin tropical airplay and earned osorio a latin grammy in 2004 for best tropical song."
chunar and surrounding villages are majorly populated with kurmi kshatriya , constituting more than 90% of the population.	chunar and surrounding villages are majorly populated with kurmi s , constituting more than 90% of the population.
egypt's largest ethnic group is the egyptians who today speak egyptian arabic, but because egyptians are of non-arab ancestry, mostly do not identify as arabs.	egypt's largest ethnic group is the egyptians who today speak egyptian arabic, but because egyptians are of non-arab ancestry, many do not identify as arabs.
colonel reed of uxbridge, massachusetts, is said to have been instrumental in having it placed on our coins.	colonel reed of uxbridge, massachusetts, is said to have been instrumental in having it placed on usonian coins.
responses to these criticisms include the modern documentary hypothesis, two source hypothesis (in various guises), and allegations that the pastoral epistles are pseudonymous.	responses to these criticisms include the modern documentary hypothesis, two source hypothesis (in various guises), and assertions that the pastoral epistles are pseudonymous.
"in 2003, popular pop-punk band the offspring announced that they would be naming their upcoming album ""chinese democracy"" in a dig on the long delayed gnr title (9)."	"in 2003, pop-punk band the offspring announced that they would be naming their upcoming album ""chinese democracy"" in a dig on the long delayed gnr title (9)."
"louise, who concealed great cleverness and a strong will under an appearance of languor and a rather childish beauty (john evelyn, the diarist, speaks of her ""baby face""), yielded only when she had already established a strong hold on charles's affections and character."	"louise, who concealed great cleverness and a strong will under an appearance of languor and a rather childlike beauty (john evelyn, the diarist, speaks of her ""baby face""), yielded only when she had already established a strong hold on charles's affections and character."
in 2000, o'boyle became pregnant with her beautiful daughter keegan o'boyle.	in 2000, o'boyle became pregnant with her daughter keegan o'boyle.
"the duo rightfully never had a number one hit in the uk; even their world cup 2002 song ""we're on the ball"" reached only number three, beaten by will young who was on the show pop idol which the duo presented."	"the duo never had a number one hit in the uk; even their world cup 2002 song ""we're on the ball"" reached only number three, beaten by will young who was on the show pop idol which the duo presented."
rs sailing is an international designer and builder of award-winning sailboats supported by a worldwide dealer network and class associations.	rs sailing is an international designer and builder of sailboats supported by a worldwide dealer network and class associations.
daniel dominik kaiser-kblbck (born 27 august 1985; disappeared 9 september 2018) is a german pop-singer and actor who achieved short-lived celebrity status from late 2002 until 2004 in the media circus that surrounded the first season of deutschland sucht den superstar (dsds), the german version of pop idol, in which he came third.	daniel dominik kaiser-kblbck (born 27 august 1985; disappeared 9 september 2018) is a german pop-singer and actor who achieved short-lived celebrity status from late 2002 until 2004 in the media coverage that surrounded the first season of deutschland sucht den superstar (dsds), the german version of pop idol, in which he came third.
mary livingstone comedienne and wife of jack benny	mary livingstone comedian and wife of jack benny
he is also notable for his majority opinions in each of the court's landmark gay rights cases: romer v. evans, lawrence v. texas, united states v. windsor, and obergefell v. hodges.	he is also known for his majority opinions in each of the court's landmark gay rights cases: romer v. evans, lawrence v. texas, united states v. windsor, and obergefell v. hodges.
a notable feature of highway 410 is the four-level interchange with highways 401 and 403 which includes a spectacular flyover ramp from highway 401 eastbound to highway 410 northbound.	a notable feature of highway 410 is the four-level interchange with highways 401 and 403 which includes a large flyover ramp from highway 401 eastbound to highway 410 northbound.
however, this view has not found widespread acceptance.	however, this view has not found acceptance.
during his early teenage years, cheyene claims he started his first guerilla business by selling magazines at school or repairing bikes.	during his early teenage years, cheyene claims he started his first business by selling magazines at school or repairing bikes.
munshi also suggested that the nizam might make a broadcast welcoming the indian incursion and withdrawing his complaint to the security council.	"munshi also suggested that the nizam might make a broadcast welcoming the indian ""police action"" and withdrawing his complaint to the security council."
the revolutionary post-punk band the fall took their name after camus' novel the fall	the post-punk band the fall took their name after camus' novel the fall
"although bawden attended two seminaries run by the schismatic society of saint pius x, he was never ordained as a priest and has never offered a mass as ""pope."""	"although bawden attended two seminaries run by the society of saint pius x, he was never ordained as a priest and has never offered a mass as ""pope."""
he is also a minor television personality, having appeared in several programs and been referenced by many others.	he is also a television personality, having appeared in several programs and been referenced by many others.
he died with fellow astronauts virgil grissom and roger chaffee in the tragic apollo 1 fire at kennedy space center, florida.	he died with fellow astronauts virgil grissom and roger chaffee in the apollo 1 fire at kennedy space center, florida.
"in the famous 1916 article ""the atom and the molecule"" by gilbert n. lewis, for example, the third of his six postulates of chemical behavior states that the atom tends to hold an even number of electrons in the shell and especially to hold eight electrons which are normally arranged symmetrically at the eight corners of a cube (see: cubical atom)."	"in the 1916 article ""the atom and the molecule"" by gilbert n. lewis, for example, the third of his six postulates of chemical behavior states that the atom tends to hold an even number of electrons in the shell and especially to hold eight electrons which are normally arranged symmetrically at the eight corners of a cube (see: cubical atom)."
"unethical treatment of ""prisoners"""	"treatment of ""prisoners"""
it allows a player to control the evolution of a species from its beginnings as a unicellular organism, through development as an intelligent and social creature, to interstellar exploration as a spacefaring culture.	it allows a player to control the development of a species from its beginnings as a unicellular organism, through development as an intelligent and social creature, to interstellar exploration as a spacefaring culture.
the city was liberated after the battle of nicopolis, by the greek army forces under colonel papagiotis speliades.	the city was taken after the battle of nicopolis, by the greek army forces under colonel papagiotis speliades.
the wolverines were spearheaded by heisman trophy winner charles woodson.	the wolverines were led by heisman trophy winner charles woodson.
on december 4, 2006 17-year-old justin barker, a white jena high school student, was assaulted at school by a gang of black students.	on december 4, 2006 17-year-old justin barker, a white jena high school student, was assaulted at school by a group of black students.
marti caine, (19451995), english comedienne and singer	marti caine, (19451995), english comedian and singer
he scored a total of four goals in 12 games during his two-month spell, including a dramatic equaliser as nine-man city drew 2–2 with burnley,	he scored a total of four goals in 12 games during his two-month spell, including a late equaliser as nine-man city drew 2–2 with burnley,
courtney matthews, popular heroine on abc soap opera general hospital	courtney matthews, heroine on abc soap opera general hospital
he was involved in the famous kakori train robbery of 1925, in the attempt to blow up the viceroy's train in 1926, and at last the shooting of j.p. saunders at lahore in 1928 to avenge the killing of lala lajpat rai.	he was involved in the kakori train robbery of 1925, in the attempt to blow up the viceroy's train in 1926, and at last the shooting of j.p. saunders at lahore in 1928 to avenge the killing of lala lajpat rai.
eyring was born in princeton, new jersey, the second child of renowned chemist henry eyring and his wife mildred bennion.	eyring was born in princeton, new jersey, the second child of chemist henry eyring and his wife mildred bennion.
the plan was placed before the two communities in a simultaneous vote in the reunification referendum of 24 april 2004. whilst the proposal received a 65% favorable vote from the turkish community, the greek cypriot community rejected it by over 75%.	the plan was placed before the two communities in a simultaneous vote in the reunification referendum of 24 april 2004. whilst the proposal received a 65% favorable vote from the turkish community, the greek cypriot community rejected it by nearly 75%.
"his autobiographical reflections, including fascinating conversations with the german sociologist helmut dubiel, were published by the university of california as an unmastered past in 1987. the extensive interviews he gave in 1989 to another german interlocutor, frithjof hager, dealt with postmodernism and other contemporary themes; they stimulated a collection of responses by european and american scholars published in honor of his ninetieth birthday as ""geschichte denken: ein notizbuch fr leo lwenthal"" by the reclam verlag of leipzig."	"his autobiographical reflections, including conversations with the german sociologist helmut dubiel, were published by the university of california as an unmastered past in 1987. the extensive interviews he gave in 1989 to another german interlocutor, frithjof hager, dealt with postmodernism and other contemporary themes; they stimulated a collection of responses by european and american scholars published in honor of his ninetieth birthday as ""geschichte denken: ein notizbuch fr leo lwenthal"" by the reclam verlag of leipzig."
on 20 march melbourne business man tony mokbel failed to appear in court during his trial for the importation of cocaine from mexico in 2000. mokbel had been granted bail by friendly magistrate phillip goldberg, despite protests from the police.	on 20 march melbourne business man tony mokbel failed to appear in court during his trial for the importation of cocaine from mexico in 2000. mokbel had been granted bail by magistrate phillip goldberg, despite protests from the police.
was an indian versatile theater actor, tollywood actor, director and producer.	was an indian theater actor, tollywood actor, director and producer.
carell also has a home in the historic coastal town of marshfield, massachusetts.	carell also has a home in the coastal town of marshfield, massachusetts.
after 48 burning years (going for the 50) at this moment on stage (2015 at kingsday 27 april):	after 48 years (going for the 50) at this moment on stage (2015 at kingsday 27 april):
mr. walter taylor became principal of i. c. norcom high school in the fall of 1996. after his passing in 2004, the new principal is lynn briley.	mr. walter taylor became principal of i. c. norcom high school in the fall of 1996. after his death in 2004, the new principal is lynn briley.
based on a traditional islamic belief, a pseudo-academic theory in the arab world posits that jews never lived in the land of israel, and that all archaeological proof to the contrary is part of an international western anti-arab conspiracy.	based on a traditional islamic belief, a theory in the arab world posits that jews never lived in the land of israel, and that all archaeological proof to the contrary is part of an international western anti-arab conspiracy.
"most historians think joseph smith jr. taught and practiced a principle that he called ""plural marriage""."	"most historians say that joseph smith jr. taught and practiced a principle that he called ""plural marriage""."
hema malini is a dedicated bharatanatyam artist, a classical dance of india.	hema malini is a trained bharatanatyam artist, a classical dance of india.
it has also been suggested that most so-called communist countries fit the definition of oligarchy, in that the most ruthless segment of society comes to power by overthrowing other oligarchs.	it has also been suggested that most communist countries fit the definition of oligarchy, in that the most ruthless segment of society comes to power by overthrowing other oligarchs.
the average of many subjective polls of historians which ranked us presidents places carter's presidency 27th place, tying with gerald ford.	the average of many expert polls of historians which ranked us presidents places carter's presidency 27th place, tying with gerald ford.
"on october 14, 2010, joy behar and whoopi goldberg stormed off the set of the view after they both disagreed with statements made by o'reilly, specifically o'reilly's statement, ""muslims killed us on 9/11."""	"on october 14, 2010, joy behar and whoopi goldberg walked off the set of the view after they both disagreed with statements made by o'reilly, specifically o'reilly's statement, ""muslims killed us on 9/11."""
the film, which stars actresses toni collette, rachel griffiths, jeanie drynan, sophie lee, and bill hunter, focuses on the socially awkward muriel whose ambition is to have a glamorous wedding and improve her personal life.	the film, which stars actors toni collette, rachel griffiths, jeanie drynan, sophie lee, and bill hunter, focuses on the socially awkward muriel whose ambition is to have a glamorous wedding and improve her personal life.
"scientologists (especially volunteer ministers) are taught to administer what hubbard called the ""touch assist"", a pseudo-scientific procedure supposed to help heal illnesses or injuries."	"scientologists (especially volunteer ministers) are taught to administer what hubbard called the ""touch assist"", a procedure supposed to help heal illnesses or injuries."
wolves won the football league war cup in 1942 beating sunderland 4-1. the team featured a player named eric robinson, who was to be tragically killed during a military training exercise soon afterwards.	wolves won the football league war cup in 1942 beating sunderland 4-1. the team featured a player named eric robinson, who was to be killed during a military training exercise soon afterwards.
the single predictably failed to chart.	the single failed to chart.
born in new york city of jewish heritage, he was the second husband of actress and comedienne lucille ball.	born in new york city of jewish heritage, he was the second husband of actress and comedian lucille ball.
rand miller (born january 17, 1959 in philadelphia, pennsylvania, u.s.) is ceo and co-founder of cyan worlds (originally cyan) with brother robyn miller and became famous from the unexpected success of their computer game myst, which remained the number one-selling game for the remainder of the 1990s.	rand miller (born january 17, 1959 in philadelphia, pennsylvania, u.s.) is ceo and co-founder of cyan worlds (originally cyan) with brother robyn miller and became famous from the success of their computer game myst, which remained the number one-selling game for the remainder of the 1990s.
oasis are a british rock band, formed in manchester in 1991. led by lead guitarist and primary songwriter noel gallagher and his younger brother, lead vocalist and songwriter liam gallagher, they are the most successful group to emerge during the ridiculous britpop movement of the mid-1990s.	oasis are a british rock band, formed in manchester in 1991. led by lead guitarist and primary songwriter noel gallagher and his younger brother, lead vocalist and songwriter liam gallagher, they are the most successful group to emerge during the britpop movement of the mid-1990s.
a beautiful cone-shaped building that functions as a library.	a cone-shaped building that functions as a library.
he moved to dublin after university to further his acting career, joining the renowned abbey theatre.	he moved to dublin after university to further his acting career, joining the abbey theatre.
"encore captures the handsome quartet on film with a special live performance recorded at spain's teatro romano de mrida, featuring signature songs like ""si t me amas,"" ""isabel,"" and ""solo otra vez"" (""all by myself"")."	"encore captures the quartet on film with a special live performance recorded at spain's teatro romano de mrida, featuring signature songs like ""si t me amas,"" ""isabel,"" and ""solo otra vez"" (""all by myself"")."
however, the modern language did incorporate much arabic vocabulary and some arabic grammatical quirks , as well as switching from the old pahlavi alphabet to one based on arabic characters.	however, the modern language did incorporate much arabic vocabulary and some arabic grammatical features , as well as switching from the old pahlavi alphabet to one based on arabic characters.
blackwater received widespread notoriety in 2007, when a group of its employees killed 17 iraqi civilians and injured 20 in nisour square, baghdad for which four guards were convicted in a u.s. court.	blackwater received widespread publicity in 2007, when a group of its employees killed 17 iraqi civilians and injured 20 in nisour square, baghdad for which four guards were convicted in a u.s. court.
the eye-popping psychedelic portraits of the beatles created by richard avedon in 1967.	the psychedelic portraits of the beatles created by richard avedon in 1967.
he was the son of george s. patton sr., a confederate colonel during the american civil war, and the father of george s. patton, the famed general who commanded the third united states army during world war ii.	he was the son of george s. patton sr., a confederate colonel during the american civil war, and the father of george s. patton, the general who commanded the third united states army during world war ii.
it occurs within a limited region ofkalbarri, western australia.	it occurs within a limited region of kalbarri, western australia.
most of these explanations attack the notion of joseph smith receiving divine revelations.	most of these explanations challenge the notion of joseph smith receiving divine revelations.
the festival features extremely interactive and unique events, such as melon skiing, melon bungee, melon bullseye, melon ironman, melon chariot, a pip spitting competition, and melon eating races.	the festival features interactive and unique events, such as melon skiing, melon bungee, melon bullseye, melon ironman, melon chariot, a pip spitting competition, and melon eating races.
norman finkelstein, a harsh critic of israel's illegal occupation of palestinian territory, has also expressed an ambivalent attitude towards bds.	norman finkelstein, a harsh critic of israel's occupation of palestinian territory, has also expressed an ambivalent attitude towards bds.
he has produced four amateurish films on the subject, but is mostly known for having been punched in the face by buzz aldrin for harassing and insulting him.	he has produced four films on the subject, but is mostly known for having been punched in the face by buzz aldrin for harassing and insulting him.
the book chronicles the changes changchuang underwent after it was freed from japanese control by the communist eighth route army.	the book chronicles the changes changchuang underwent after it was taken from japanese control by the communist eighth route army.
after his passing pollyanna is sent to live on a new england plantation with her victorian aunt polly (katherine griffith).	after his death pollyanna is sent to live on a new england plantation with her victorian aunt polly (katherine griffith).
he was one of the members of the extremely successful nine-man rap group wu-tang clan, and was influential in shaping both rap music and the modern hip-hop culture.	he was one of the members of the successful nine-man rap group wu-tang clan, and was influential in shaping both rap music and the modern hip-hop culture.
critics of the homosexualist movement claim that attempts to suppress such lyrics in afro-caribbean music represents european cultural imperialism, and are disrespectful to the traditions and religion of the region.	critics of the lgbt- movement claim that attempts to suppress such lyrics in afro-caribbean music represents european cultural imperialism, and are disrespectful to the traditions and religion of the region.
the toccata at the beginning of monteverdi's l'orfeo (1607) is a barbaric flourish of every procurable instrument (in some modern performaces, at least), and, insofar as this constitutes an instrumental movement prefixed to an opera, it may be called an overture.	the toccata at the beginning of monteverdi's l'orfeo (1607) is a flourish of every procurable instrument (in some modern performaces, at least), and, insofar as this constitutes an instrumental movement prefixed to an opera, it may be called an overture.
he translated the holy bible into the kashmiri language, which was released by the apostolic nuncio to india.	he translated the bible into the kashmiri language, which was released by the apostolic nuncio to india.
lark-based variants represented the bulk of the fine range of models produced by studebaker after 1958 and sold in far greater volumes than the hawk family sports car and the later avanti.	lark-based variants represented the bulk of the range of models produced by studebaker after 1958 and sold in far greater volumes than the hawk family sports car and the later avanti.
westfield hurstville is a large-scale shopping centre located in the suburb of hurstville in sydney, australia.	westfield hurstville is a shopping centre located in the suburb of hurstville in sydney, australia.
his sense of space, composition and decorative design can best be judged by his admirable mural decorations for liverpool town hall, executed between 1899 and 1902. a memorial exhibition of furse's paintings and sketches was held at the burlington fine arts club in 1906.	his sense of space, composition and decorative design can best be judged by his mural decorations for liverpool town hall, executed between 1899 and 1902. a memorial exhibition of furse's paintings and sketches was held at the burlington fine arts club in 1906.
sycophants of the dictator victoriano huerta.	followers of the dictator victoriano huerta.
the large national-wide network of revolutionary committees he set up continued to function even after his death and was essential in the april uprising of 1876. the uprising itself failed but it paved the way for the russo-turkish war, 1877-1878 which ultimately led to bulgaria regaining its independence after almost five centuries of oppression .	the large national-wide network of revolutionary committees he set up continued to function even after his death and was essential in the april uprising of 1876. the uprising itself failed but it paved the way for the russo-turkish war, 1877-1878 which ultimately led to bulgaria regaining its independence after almost five centuries of ottoman rule .
this successful operation is seen as the end of the 2-years old siege of malta.	this operation is seen as the end of the 2-years old siege of malta.
though ambulances may not carry weapons, israel did not remove the merkava's weaponry since palestinian militants do not adhere to international law.	though ambulances may not carry weapons, israel did not remove the merkava's weaponry , citing the fact that palestinian militants do not adhere to international law.
in many parts of the world, people take two minutes of silence at 11:00 in the morning as a sign of respect for the roughly eight million who died in the war, as suggested by edward george honey in a letter to a british newspaper though wellesley tudor pole established two ceremonial periods of remembrance based on events in 1917. in germany however, it marks the official beginning of the carnival season.	in many parts of the world, people take two minutes of silence at 11:00 in the morning as a sign of respect for the roughly eight million who died in the war, as suggested by edward george honey in a letter to a british newspaper though wellesley tudor pole established two ceremonial periods of remembrance based on events in 1917. in germany however, it coincides with the official beginning of the carnival season.
12 miles of bad road is the brainchild of comedic genius linda bloodworth-thomason, creator of such television hits as designing women, hearts afire, and evening shade.	12 miles of bad road is the brainchild of comedic writer linda bloodworth-thomason, creator of such television hits as designing women, hearts afire, and evening shade.
its population in the beginning of the 20th century was macedonian , but after the balkan wars and the first world war most of it took refuge in bulgaria.	its population in the beginning of the 20th century was bulgarian , but after the balkan wars and the first world war most of it took refuge in bulgaria.
khalistan forces are freedom fighters.	khalistan forces claim to be freedom fighters.
one of the hot-button topics in recent years has been scrutiny of the city's incomprehensible zoning laws.	one of the hot-button topics in recent years has been scrutiny of the city's zoning laws.
blanco made his french debut against south africa at newlands in 8 november 1980. the french tourists lost 37-15.	blanco made his french debut against south africa at newlands in 8 november 1980. the french lost 37-15.
charles now took charge again, insisting on fighting an orthodox defensive action, and on 16 april 1746 they were finally defeated near inverness at the battle of culloden by government forces made up of english and scottish troops and campbell militia, under the command of the duke of cumberland.	charles now took charge again, insisting on fighting an orthodox defensive action, and on 16 april 1746 they were finally defeated near inverness at the battle of culloden by hanoverian forces made up of english and scottish troops and campbell militia, under the command of the duke of cumberland.
"joanne ""jo"" firestone is an actress, comedienne , and television writer."	"joanne ""jo"" firestone is an actress, comedian , and television writer."
goldstein is buried across from the meir kahane memorial park in kiryat arba, a jewish settlement adjacent to hebron.	goldstein is buried across from the meir kahane memorial park in kiryat arba, a jewish town adjacent to hebron.
freddie mercury's legendary performance at live aid has recently been voted by various artists, journalists and music industry executives as the greatest live performance of all time in rock music .	freddie mercury's performance at live aid has recently been voted by various artists, journalists and music industry executives as the greatest live performance of all time in rock music .
however, the company is somewhat profitable.	however, the company is profitable.
salman akhtar (born july 31, 1946 in lucknow, india) is a renowned psychoanalyst who also holds a professorship at the jefferson medical college in philadelphia.	salman akhtar (born july 31, 1946 in lucknow, india) is a psychoanalyst who also holds a professorship at the jefferson medical college in philadelphia.
her name was struck from the naval vessel register on 21 november 1910. this revolutionary submarine was regretfully sold as scrap to henry a. hitner & sons, of philadelphia, pennsylvania on 18 june 1913 for $100.	her name was struck from the naval vessel register on 21 november 1910. this revolutionary submarine was sold as scrap to henry a. hitner & sons, of philadelphia, pennsylvania on 18 june 1913 for $100.
on nov 2 2009, malwarebytes claimed that the chinese company iobit had stolen virus definitions from malwarebytes.	on nov 2 2009, malwarebytes stated that the chinese company iobit had stolen virus definitions from malwarebytes.
449 robber council of ephesus, monophysite: jesus was divine but not human	449 second council of ephesus, monophysite: jesus was divine but not human
set in paris, france in the year 1910, this is the story about a mother cat named duchess and her three kittens: her biological daughter marie, and her two adopted sons berlioz and toulouse.	set in paris, france in the year 1910, this is the story about a mother cat named duchess and her three kittens: her biological daughter marie, and her two sons berlioz and toulouse.
cox was very impressed by courtney love's audition and cast her as the lead in his movie straight to hell, alongside joe strummer.	cox was impressed by courtney love's audition and cast her as the lead in his movie straight to hell, alongside joe strummer.
one common argument against america's army is that it seems to be playing down or excluding negative facets of army life from its portrayal, such as collateral damage and harassment in the u.s. army, as well the emotional trauma that soldiers may experience when they are confronted with bloodshed and corpses.	one common argument against america's army is that it seems to be playing down or excluding some notable facets of army life from its portrayal, such as collateral damage and harassment in the u.s. army, as well the emotional trauma that soldiers may experience when they are confronted with bloodshed and corpses.
another major change from 2004 is that edwards has now become a strong critic of the war in iraq and a proponent of withdrawal.	another major change from 2004 is that edwards has become a strong critic of the war in iraq and a proponent of withdrawal.
this line was advanced, with much ass-covering compensation, in the 9/11 commission report.	this line was advanced, with much compensation, in the 9/11 commission report.
presidential elections will be held in ukraine on 25 may 2014. they were originally scheduled to take on place on 26 february 2015, but were brought forward following the 2014 ukrainian revolution, after viktor yanukovych deserted the country.	presidential elections will be held in ukraine on 25 may 2014. they were originally scheduled to take on place on 26 february 2015, but were brought forward following the 2014 ukrainian revolution, after viktor yanukovych fled the country.
a group of companies that seek to implement an initiative called trusted computing (which sets out to increase security and privacy in a user's computer), the tcpa is decried by critics as a means to allow software developers to enforce any sort of restriction they wish over their software.	a group of companies that seek to implement an initiative called trusted computing (which is claimed to set out to increase security and privacy in a user's computer), the tcpa is decried by critics as a means to allow software developers to enforce any sort of restriction they wish over their software.
"when offensive editorial cartoons of the prophet muhammad were printed in the danish daily newspaper jyllands-posten on september 30 2005, the mcb saw them as reflecting ""the emergence of an increasingly xenophobic tone being adopted towards muslims in parts of the western media"" and argued that ""we should not allow our valued freedoms in europe to be abused by those deliberately seeking to provoke hatred and division between communities""."	"when editorial cartoons of the prophet muhammad were printed in the danish daily newspaper jyllands-posten on september 30 2005, the mcb saw them as reflecting ""the emergence of an increasingly xenophobic tone being adopted towards muslims in parts of the western media"" and argued that ""we should not allow our valued freedoms in europe to be abused by those deliberately seeking to provoke hatred and division between communities""."
unlike ordinary scientific theories, which rely on observation to establish their correspondence with reality, the ctmu is intended through its tautological construction to correspond with reality apodictically, in all possible worlds.	unlike orthodox scientific theories, which rely on observation to establish their correspondence with reality, the ctmu is intended through its tautological construction to correspond with reality apodictically, in all possible worlds.
24 december 1974) is an american entertainment personality, most famous as the bland host of the reality-television talent-search series american idol.	24 december 1974) is an american entertainment personality, most famous as the host of the reality-television talent-search series american idol.
two of the most notorious are:	two of the most notable are:
gibson's icon productions was originally set to back moore's film, but mysteriously backed out.	gibson's icon productions was originally set to back moore's film, but backed out.
in 2001, the famous journal nature listed his blog, pharyngula, as the top-ranked blog written by a scientist.	in 2001, the journal nature listed his blog, pharyngula, as the top-ranked blog written by a scientist.
to face this menace , the koninklijke marine embarked on a major naval expansion program in 1932, which included building two new light cruisers as replacements for the aging java-class cruisers.	to face this, the koninklijke marine embarked on a major naval expansion program in 1932, which included building two new light cruisers as replacements for the aging java-class cruisers.
he is married to beautiful brenda piccotti of timmins, ontario.	he is married to brenda piccotti of timmins, ontario.
when news of the devastating attack on camp holloway reached saigon on the morning of 7 february 1965, general william westmoreland immediately flew out to pleiku to survey the damages, where he was joined by mcgeorge bundy and ambassador maxwell taylor.	when news of the attack on camp holloway reached saigon on the morning of 7 february 1965, general william westmoreland immediately flew out to pleiku to survey the damages, where he was joined by mcgeorge bundy and ambassador maxwell taylor.
the film comedienne truus van aalten was born in arnhem in 1910.	the film comedian truus van aalten was born in arnhem in 1910.
there are also numerous bridges over the putrid st. johns river at jacksonville.	there are also numerous bridges over the st. johns river at jacksonville.
to this day, the question remains why the allies conceded illegally to stalin's will for unconditional, forced repatriation.	to this day, the question remains why the allies conceded to stalin's will for unconditional, forced repatriation.
it premiered in the united states on march 12, 2006 following the sixth-season premiere of the popular hbo series the sopranos.	it premiered in the united states on march 12, 2006 following the sixth-season premiere of the hbo series the sopranos.
the comedienne tessie tomas also gained renown with her own spoof of pineda appearing on champoy, her character named amanda pineda.	the comedian tessie tomas also gained renown with her own spoof of pineda appearing on champoy, her character named amanda pineda.
ebay regions and craigslist are good examples of web applications that have glocalized their approach.	ebay regions and craigslist are examples of web applications that have glocalized their approach.
after acting in small roles for several years, she gradually became known for her comedic skills, sex appeal and remarkable screen presence, going on to become one of the most popular stars of the 1950s.	after acting in small roles for several years, she gradually became known for her comedic skills, sex appeal and screen presence, going on to become one of the most popular stars of the 1950s.
the afa often focuses on homosexual issues and publicizes statements abouts ex-gays, who claim homosexuality is a choice and that it can be changed.	the afa often focuses on homosexual issues and publicizes statements abouts ex-gays, who believe that homosexuality is a choice and that it can be changed.
this is basically a single-blind test of the witness' memory, and is subject to subtle or overt influence by the officer.	this is basically a single-blind test of the witness' memory, and may be subject to subtle or overt influence by the officer.
some european countries feared ahmadinejad and other delegates could ignite an argument over the holocaust or israel's right to exist.	some european countries claimed ahmadinejad and other delegates could ignite an argument over the holocaust or israel's right to exist.
"he was called in by quincy jones to play guitar on the song beat it, from michael jackson's phenomenal 1982 album, ""thriller""."	"he was called in by quincy jones to play guitar on the song beat it, from michael jackson's famous 1982 album, ""thriller""."
in comparison to file sharing services such as box.net and dropbox, accellion can be deployed both in the cloud and on-premise, providing organizations greater security control over enterprise data storage.	in comparison to file sharing services such as box.net and dropbox, accellion can be deployed both in the cloud and on-premise, providing organizations security control over enterprise data storage.
collegehumor.com - leading entertainment website	collegehumor.com - entertainment website
mckelvey, because of his anti-treaty stance and execution at the hands of the free state is still honoured by hardline irish republicans today.	mckelvey, because of his anti-treaty stance and execution at the hands of the free state is still honoured by irish republicans today.
many gay rights groups accused gibson of homophobia, after a 1992 interview in the spanish magazine el pais.	some gay rights groups accused gibson of homophobia, after a 1992 interview in the spanish magazine el pais.
thumbnail|har homa.har homa, (, trans: wall mountain; , translit jabal abu ghneim) is a jewish -only neighborhood located in southeastern jerusalem, which lies opposite the bethlehem suburb of beit sahour.	thumbnail|har homa.har homa, (, trans: wall mountain; , translit jabal abu ghneim) is a jewish neighborhood located in southeastern jerusalem, which lies opposite the bethlehem suburb of beit sahour.
the entire galaxy celebrates the death of the emperor and the rebel victory over the empire.	the entire galaxy celebrates the fall of the emperor and the rebel victory over the empire.
according to the predominant view in liberal biblical scholarship—the documentary hypothesis—the ark story told in genesis is based on two originally quasi-independent sources, and did not reach its present form until the 5th century bc.	according to the predominant view in contemporary biblical scholarship—the documentary hypothesis—the ark story told in genesis is based on two originally quasi-independent sources, and did not reach its present form until the 5th century bc.
knight fired attorneys handling his murder case and claimed he was receiving inadequate medical treatment while in custody.	knight fired attorneys handling his murder case and said he was receiving inadequate medical treatment while in custody.
an independent bridgnorth town football club was first formed in july 1938 and accepted into the worcestershire combination but sadly had to discontinue in their first and only season at the bandon arms due to the outbreak of the second world war.	an independent bridgnorth town football club was first formed in july 1938 and accepted into the worcestershire combination but had to discontinue in their first and only season at the bandon arms due to the outbreak of the second world war.
povray - free rendering software featuring global illumination (radiosity, photon mapping)	pov-ray - free rendering software featuring global illumination (radiosity, photon mapping)
perhaps the best known incidents involving spring heeled jack were the alleged attacks on two teenage girls, lucy scales6 and jane alsop.	perhaps the best known stories involving spring heeled jack were the alleged attacks on two teenage girls, lucy scales6 and jane alsop.
clifford a. lynch is the executive director for the coalition for networked information (cni) who lectures extensively in the us offering his unique perspective on trends concerning digital libraries, information policy, and emerging interoperability standards.	clifford a. lynch is the executive director for the coalition for networked information (cni) who lectures extensively in the us offering his perspective on trends concerning digital libraries, information policy, and emerging interoperability standards.
many other veterans, however, doubt these anecdotes, noting that their briefings included details on what they were hitting, and that no one in their recollection had any misgivings about the mission.	other veterans, however, doubt these anecdotes, noting that their briefings included details on what they were hitting, and that no one in their recollection had any misgivings about the mission.
since these amazing advances in the heart transplant field, ntuh has become world-renowned for heart transplant and research.	since these advances in the heart transplant field, ntuh has become world-renowned for heart transplant and research.
the cic agent deliberately concealed his true identity, leaving rhodes to believe both men were from the fbi.	the cic agent concealed his true identity, leaving rhodes to believe both men were from the fbi.
the shock doctrine has received mixed reviews, including those from the dow jones business news , the new york times , and the guardian .	the shock doctrine has received many positive reviews, including those from the dow jones business news , the new york times , and the guardian .
"only a few months before the demotion of pluto from a planet to a dwarf planet, with the debate going on about the issue, she said in an interview that ""at my age, i've been largely indifferent to the debate; though i suppose i would prefer it to remain a planet."""	"only a few months before the reclassification of pluto from a planet to a dwarf planet, with the debate going on about the issue, she said in an interview that ""at my age, i've been largely indifferent to the debate; though i suppose i would prefer it to remain a planet."""
"however, the scientists studying the situation in the antarctic who released this data point out that local cooling in some areas is consistent with an overall trend of global warming and insist that ""the ice-sheet growth that we have documented in our study area has absolutely nothing to do with any recent climate trends."""	"however, the scientists studying the situation in the antarctic who released this data point out that local cooling in some areas is consistent with an overall trend of global warming and say that ""the ice-sheet growth that we have documented in our study area has absolutely nothing to do with any recent climate trends."""
the magnificent cap de formentor is connected to port de pollena via a 13.5 km road.	the cap de formentor is connected to port de pollena via a 13.5 km road.
"in june 2010, former kyuss members nick oliveri and brant bjork joined john garcia onstage to perform ""green machine"" and ""gardenia"" during a headlining appearance by ""garcia plays kyuss"" at hellfest in clisson, france and they also appeared onstage with garcia in other concerts on the tour, representing of kyuss' classic lineup."	"in june 2010, former kyuss members nick oliveri and brant bjork joined john garcia onstage to perform ""green machine"" and ""gardenia"" during a headlining appearance by ""garcia plays kyuss"" at hellfest in clisson, france and they also appeared onstage with garcia in other concerts on the tour, representing of kyuss' blues for the red sun lineup."
while at government intermediate college, she was elected vice president of the college students union for the term 1966-67. her opponent was the fire-brand leftist student leader motiya chowdhury, who much later joined awami league and became a member of hasina's cabinet.	while at government intermediate college, she was elected vice president of the college students union for the term 1966-67. her opponent was the leftist student leader motiya chowdhury, who much later joined awami league and became a member of hasina's cabinet.
in his unconvincing book, elvis' dna proves he's alive (2005), bill beeny claims to have conducted dna testing on two tissues of presley--one of the singer when he was alive, and one of the supposed dead body.	in his book, elvis' dna proves he's alive (2005), bill beeny claims to have conducted dna testing on two tissues of presley--one of the singer when he was alive, and one of the supposed dead body.
a simple economic analysis using the law of supply and demand and the economic effects of a tax can be used to show the clear benefits of free trade.	a simple economic analysis using the law of supply and demand and the economic effects of a tax can be used to show the theoretical benefits of free trade.
54-55 coroners and justice act 2009 also removed sexual infidelity as a qualifying form of provocation, but in a recent controversial decision by lord judge in r v clinton 2012 1 cr app r 26 in the court of appeal, lord judge misinterpreted the new offence as allowing for sexual infidelity to count under the third prong of the new defence (see baker & zhao 2012).	54-55 coroners and justice act 2009 also removed sexual infidelity as a qualifying form of provocation, but in a recent controversial decision by lord judge in r v clinton 2012 1 cr app r 26 in the court of appeal, lord judge interpreted the new offence as allowing for sexual infidelity to count under the third prong of the new defence (see baker & zhao 2012).
among its distinctive theological contributions are the following:	among its distinctive theological interpretations are the following:
for this reason some readers find that the english translation lacks appropriate sentence emphasis and is hard to read.	for this reason some readers have found that the english translation lacks appropriate sentence emphasis and is hard to read.
with cash inflow from belzer hasidim in palestine, england and the united states, the rebbe and his half-brother, rabbi mordechai of bilgoray, 22 years his junior, managed to stay one step ahead of the nazis in one miraculous escape attempt after another.	with cash inflow from belzer hasidim in palestine, england and the united states, the rebbe and his half-brother, rabbi mordechai of bilgoray, 22 years his junior, managed to stay one step ahead of the nazis in one escape attempt after another.
jane seymour fonda is an academy award-winning american actress, model, writer, producer, communist activist and philanthropist.	jane seymour fonda is an academy award-winning american actress, model, writer, producer, activist and philanthropist.
she is one of the voloptuous protagonists of the original star wars trilogy.	she is one of the main protagonists of the original star wars trilogy.
the officers and soldiers of the pakistan armys special services group, who were martyred by terrorists during active combat with militants at the lal masjid- jamia hafsa compound on tuesday july 10, 2007.	the officers and soldiers of the pakistan armys special services group, who were killed by terrorists during active combat with militants at the lal masjid- jamia hafsa compound on tuesday july 10, 2007.
her curvaceous figure prompted vogue to refer to her body of work as the return of the sexy model, since she seems to have marked the end of a trend of scrawny models such as kate moss.	her curvaceous figure prompted vogue to refer to her body of work as the return of the sexy model, since she seems to have marked the end of a trend of thinner models such as kate moss.
"westboro baptist church is an cult based in topeka, kansas, headed by minister fred waldron phelps, sr. and notorious for running godhatesfags.com and other websites expressing its condemnation of various groups (see ""wbc websites"" below)."	"westboro baptist church is an organization based in topeka, kansas, headed by minister fred waldron phelps, sr. and notorious for running godhatesfags.com and other websites expressing its condemnation of various groups (see ""wbc websites"" below)."
daniel pipes daniel pipes (born september 9, 1949) is an american neoconservative columnist, author, counter-terrorism analyst, and former scholar of middle eastern history.	daniel pipes daniel pipes (born september 9, 1949) is an american neoconservative columnist, author, counter-terrorism analyst, and scholar of middle eastern history.
kennewick man is the name for the skeletal remains of a prehistoric ( caucasoid ) man found on a bank of the columbia river in kennewick, washington, usa on july 28, 1996. the discovery of kennewick man was accidental; a pair of spectators (will thomas and david deacy) found his skull while attending the annual hydroplane races.	kennewick man is the name for the skeletal remains of a prehistoric (paleo-indian ) man found on a bank of the columbia river in kennewick, washington, usa on july 28, 1996. the discovery of kennewick man was accidental; a pair of spectators (will thomas and david deacy) found his skull while attending the annual hydroplane races.
the music played by dylan is the outstanding bach cello suite 1.	the music played by dylan is the bach cello suite 1.
the stone roses were another great chorlton band.	the stone roses were another chorlton band.
the rise of islam allegedly provoked increased arab thought in this field.	the rise of islam is claimed to have provoked increased arab thought in this field.
"the accompanying illustration featured the griffens slightly altered to resemble their ""simpsons"" counterparts, a clear criticism of the show's undeniable unoriginality."	"the accompanying illustration featured the griffens slightly altered to resemble their ""simpsons"" counterparts, a clear criticism of the show's accused unoriginality."
the communion has its apostolic succession through the international free catholic communion and the rebiban line via schismatic roman catholic bishop carlos duarte costa, who founded the brazilian catholic apostolic church.	the communion has its apostolic succession through the international free catholic communion and the rebiban line via roman catholic bishop carlos duarte costa, who founded the brazilian catholic apostolic church.
in this innovative blend of historical drama and original source material channel 4 re-imagines the story of this decisive year, not from the saddles of kings and conquerors, but through the eyes of the ordinary men who fought on their behalf.	in this blend of historical drama and original source material channel 4 re-imagines the story of this decisive year, not from the saddles of kings and conquerors, but through the eyes of the ordinary men who fought on their behalf.
this line, brought out during the height of the women's liberation movement, was not appreciated by liberated women and was lambasted by the media and comedy shows alike.	this line, brought out during the height of the women's liberation movement, was not appreciated by some women and was lambasted by the media and comedy shows alike.
experiments have been done to detect a neutral electron, but they may have focussed more on far higher mass ranges than the actual electron.	experiments have been done to detect a neutral electron, but they may have focused more on far higher mass ranges than the actual electron.
digitized videos of butera demonstrating spectacular trick shots were included with the pc pool simulator virtual pool.	digitized videos of butera demonstrating trick shots were included with the pc pool simulator virtual pool.
some version of stepmania will run on most common operating systems (microsoft windows 98/me/2000/xp/vista/7/8, gnu/ linux, freebsd, mac os x), as well as the xbox console.	some version of stepmania will run on most common operating systems (microsoft windows 98/me/2000/xp/vista/7/8, linux, freebsd, mac os x), as well as the xbox console.
most suspension bridges have open truss structures to support the roadbed (particularly owing to the unfavorable effects of using plate girders, discovered tragically from the tacoma narrows bridge collapse).	most suspension bridges have open truss structures to support the roadbed (particularly owing to the unfavorable effects of using plate girders, discovered from the tacoma narrows bridge collapse).
"although the song finished 1987 as the #48 song based on a single month's sales, it was infamously denied the christmas #1 spot by the pet shop boys' cover of ""always on my mind""."	"although the song finished 1987 as the #48 song based on a single month's sales, it was denied the christmas #1 spot by the pet shop boys' cover of ""always on my mind""."
linux adoption refers to the adoption of gnu/ linux computer operating systems by households, nonprofit organizations, businesses, and governments.	linux adoption refers to the adoption of linux computer operating systems by households, nonprofit organizations, businesses, and governments.
on august 24, some media outlets inaccurately reported that it had become the largest wildfire in washington state history, surpassing the carlton complex fire of 2014. the okanogan complex fire has not merged into a single fire, and so the carlton complex remains the state's largest single fire.	on august 24, some media outlets reported that it had become the largest wildfire in washington state history, surpassing the carlton complex fire of 2014. the okanogan complex fire has not merged into a single fire, and so the carlton complex remains the state's largest single fire.
he won the st. petersburg open on 26 october with a comfortable 6–1, 6–1 victory over andrey golubev, which was his 23rd victory in 25 matches.	he won the st. petersburg open on 26 october with a 6–1, 6–1 victory over andrey golubev, which was his 23rd victory in 25 matches.
according to usa today no air debuted at #172 on the hot digital songs chart with an impressive 7,000 downloads and climbed to #166 in its second week with an additional 7,000 downloads.	according to usa today no air debuted at #172 on the hot digital songs chart with an 7,000 downloads and climbed to #166 in its second week with an additional 7,000 downloads.
he enjoyed a great deal of publicity following the success of his reality television show, the apprentice (in which he serves as both executive producer and host for the show).	he received a great deal of publicity following the success of his reality television show, the apprentice (in which he serves as both executive producer and host for the show).
dalry used to have scotland's second oldest cinema which opened in 1912 as 'the haymarket cinema' and changed name to the scotia in 1946. sadly only the foyer remains as a tattoo parlour and the main auditorium was demolished in 2013.	dalry used to have scotland's second oldest cinema which opened in 1912 as 'the haymarket cinema' and changed name to the scotia in 1946. only the foyer remains as a tattoo parlour and the main auditorium was demolished in 2013.
his brother samad's terrifying arrest	his brother samad's arrest
poland is a country in east- central europe with an area of 312,679 square kilometres (120,726 sq.	poland is a country in central europe with an area of 312,679 square kilometres (120,726 sq.
the fox nation is a conservative news website operated by the fox news channel that began operation on march 30, 2009.	the fox nation is a news website operated by the fox news channel that began operation on march 30, 2009.
the term shareware is used in contrast to, retail software which refers to commercial software available only with the purchase of a license which may not be copied for others, and public domain software which refers to software not copyright protected, and freeware which refers to copyrighted software for which the author solicits no payment (though he/she may request a donation).	the term shareware is used in contrast to, retail software which refers to commercial software available only with the purchase of a license which may not be copied for others, and public domain software which refers to software not copyright protected, and freeware which refers to copyrighted software for which the author solicits no payment (though they may request a donation).
"in the sixteenth century, li shizhen relied on 30 years of study to write his great book on chinese materia medica, the ""pen ts'ao kang mu"" ."	"in the sixteenth century, li shizhen relied on 30 years of study to write his comprehensive book on chinese materia medica, the ""pen ts'ao kang mu"" ."
declared, in 1982, historical and cultural patrimony of humanity by the unesco, olinda relive the magnificence of the past every year during the carnival, in the rhythm of frevo, maracatu and others irresistible rhythms.	declared, in 1982, historical and cultural patrimony of humanity by the unesco, olinda relive the magnificence of the past every year during the carnival, in the rhythm of frevo, maracatu and others rhythms.
bret sergeant hart (born july 2, 1957 in calgary, alberta) is a legendary canadian former professional wrestler, and part of the famous hart wrestling family.	bret sergeant hart (born july 2, 1957 in calgary, alberta) is a canadian former professional wrestler, and part of the famous hart wrestling family.
the main line is generally considered to be the first great western service over the penzance to london paddington line, but a there is also a good service operated by south west trains on their west of england main line to london waterloo.	the main line is generally considered to be the first great western service over the penzance to london paddington line, but a there is also a service operated by south west trains on their west of england main line to london waterloo.
martin noel galgani fitzpatrick (born 13 december 1967) is a world-class specialist neuro-orthopaedic irish veterinary surgeon best known for his work in small animal practice.	martin noel galgani fitzpatrick (born 13 december 1967) is a specialist neuro-orthopaedic irish veterinary surgeon best known for his work in small animal practice.
on 31 august 1967 governor romney made a statement that ruined him .	on 31 august 1967 governor romney made a statement that ruined his chances for getting the nomination .
dos passos was born in chicago, illinois, the illegitimate son of john randolph dos passos jr. (1844-1917).	dos passos was born in chicago, illinois, the son of john randolph dos passos jr. (1844-1917).
since 1999, abercrombie & fitch has sued american eagle outfitters at least three times for continually copying its designs and its advertisements.	since 1999, abercrombie & fitch has sued american eagle outfitters at least three times for allegedly copying its designs and its advertisements.
she was awarded the 1986 nobel prize in physiology or medicine alongside colleague stanley cohen for the discovery of nerve growth factor (ngf).	she was awarded the 1986 nobel prize in physiology or medicine jointly with colleague stanley cohen for the discovery of nerve growth factor (ngf).
they were constantly beset by the evil machinations of benita bizarre, played by comedienne martha raye.	they were constantly beset by the evil machinations of benita bizarre, played by comedian martha raye.
lapbie, in second place, regrettably took the yellow jersey in the absence of maes and kept it until paris.	lapbie, in second place, took the yellow jersey in the absence of maes and kept it until paris.
coalescent theory can also be used to model the amount of variation in dna sequences expected from genetic drift alone .	coalescent theory can also be used to model the amount of variation in dna sequences expected from genetic drift and mutation .
the girl guides association of jamaica (ggaj) is the older guiding organization of jamaica.	the girl guides association of jamaica (ggaj) is the guiding organization of jamaica.
the labadies own website is useful in finding other treasures , such as listings of subject files, audio recordings, manuscripts, political buttons and photographs.	the labadies own website is useful in finding other materials , such as listings of subject files, audio recordings, manuscripts, political buttons and photographs.
bonhoeffer's life as a pastor and theologian of great intellect and spirituality who lived as he preachedand his martyrdom in opposition to nazismexerted great influence and inspiration for christians across broad denominations and ideologies, such as martin luther king, jr. and the civil rights movement, in the united states, the anti-communist democratic movement in eastern europe during the cold war and the anti-apartheid movement in south africa.	bonhoeffer's life as a pastor and theologian of great intellect and spirituality who lived as he preachedand his killing in opposition to nazismexerted great influence and inspiration for christians across broad denominations and ideologies, such as martin luther king, jr. and the civil rights movement, in the united states, the anti-communist democratic movement in eastern europe during the cold war and the anti-apartheid movement in south africa.
sadly the wreck has not been well treated over the years.	the wreck has not been well treated over the years.
ludwig lachmann (1906 1990) was a german economist who became a passionate member of and important contributor to the austrian school.	ludwig lachmann (1906 1990) was a german economist who became a member of and important contributor to the austrian school.
the international settlement came to an abrupt end in december 1941 when japanese troops stormed in immediately following the infamous attack on pearl harbour.	the international settlement came to an abrupt end in december 1941 when japanese troops stormed in immediately following the attack on pearl harbour.
the university of california irvine muslim student union is an affiliated chapter of msa national, which was suspended for the 201011 school year for heckling and interrupting a speech given by israeli ambassador michael oren at a university sponsored event.	the university of california irvine muslim student union is an affiliated chapter of msa national, which was suspended for the 201011 school year for heckling and repeatedly disrupting a speech given by israeli ambassador michael oren at a university sponsored event.
it even has a live cyber graffiti wall and a search engine.	it has a live cyber graffiti wall and a search engine.
all modern computers are turing-complete in this lax sense.	all modern computers are turing-complete in this sense.
as prisoner entered into production for a second year in 1980, the long-term format and structure to the series established the previous year was perfected .	as prisoner entered into production for a second year in 1980, the long-term format and structure to the series established the previous year was firmly in place .
he has been credited by some with reviving am radio in the united states, and is considered by many to have been a major catalyst for the republican party's 1994 congressional victories.	he has been credited by some with reviving am radio in the united states, and is considered by many to have been a catalyst for the republican party's 1994 congressional victories.
bmw would survive with the victory, their first and only overall le mans win to date, whilst mercedes left sportscar racing indefinitely following a series of disastrous aerodynamic flaws with their clr.	bmw would survive with the victory, their first and only overall le mans win to date, whilst mercedes left sportscar racing indefinitely following a series of severe aerodynamic flaws with their clr.
rickwood and walker (1989) raised concern that phimosis is frequently misdiagnosed by physicians confusing it with the developmentally non-retractable foreskin.	rickwood and walker (1989) raised concern that phimosis is frequently misdiagnosed by physicians who confuse it with the developmentally non-retractable foreskin.
"an associated press reporter described them as ""badly recorded, based on simple riffs and scream-like singing"", and panned by critics as ""amateur, provocative and obscene""."	"an associated press reporter described them as ""badly recorded, based on simple riffs and scream-like singing"", and described by critics as ""amateur, provocative and obscene""."
the acbsp accredits mostly business schools with traditional campus locations, but also accredits quality online business programs as well.	the acbsp accredits mostly business schools with traditional campus locations, but also accredits online business programs as well.
however, despite also facing similar competition from south korea and china, the japanese shipbuilding industry is expected to remain strong thanks to an increased focus on specialized, high-tech designs.	however, despite also facing similar competition from south korea and china, the japanese shipbuilding industry is expected to remain strong due to an increased focus on specialized, high-tech designs.
because mormon missionaries proselytize indiscriminately , some christian organizations have published tracts or brochures designed to counter these missionary efforts.	because mormon missionaries proselytize to all , some christian organizations have published tracts or brochures designed to counter these missionary efforts.
after 13 games as manager, he left to become assistant manager to howard wilkinson at sunderland only to be sacked from this post with wilkinson in march 2003 after 27 games in the role.	after 13 games as manager, he left to become assistant manager to howard wilkinson at sunderland only to be dismissed from this post with wilkinson in march 2003 after 27 games in the role.
umbrello records announced in january 2015 that jonas reingold, renouned swedish bass player with the flower kings and karmakanic, was producing the trustworks album.	umbrello records announced in january 2015 that jonas reingold, swedish bass player with the flower kings and karmakanic, was producing the trustworks album.
cao lau is a delicious soup made with noodles, pork and greens that can only found in hoi an, vietnam.	cao lau is a soup made with noodles, pork and greens that can only found in hoi an, vietnam .
frankenlies.com a biased rebuttal to franken's most recent books.	frankenlies.com a rebuttal to franken's most recent books.
on 1 april 2013 world-famous icelandic band sigur rs debuted their latest album, valtari, exclusively onboard icelandair's planes, two months before the album's general release.	on 1 april 2013 icelandic band sigur rs debuted their latest album, valtari, exclusively onboard icelandair's planes, two months before the album's general release.
he scored a great goal in the match and was awarded the man of the match award after scotland ran out 54 winners.	he scored a goal in the match and was awarded the man of the match award after scotland ran out 54 winners.
brosseau rose in the house on a point of personal privilege and placed a description of the incident into the hansard by describing the incident on the record, and trudeau apologized profusely more than once, indicating his lack of intention to hurt anyone.	brosseau rose in the house on a point of personal privilege and placed a description of the incident into the hansard by describing the incident on the record, and trudeau apologized more than once, indicating his lack of intention to hurt anyone.
the miami new times claimed that the family research council had removed the details about rekers' role as a founder board member from their web site, but details of rekers involvement in the founding were available elsewhere on the website.	the miami new times reported that the family research council had removed the details about rekers' role as a founder board member from their web site, but details of rekers involvement in the founding were available elsewhere on the website.
carlos pez vilar (born 1 november 1923) is a renowned uruguayan abstract artist, painter, potter, sculptor, muralist, writer, composer and constructor.	carlos pez vilar (born 1 november 1923) is a uruguayan abstract artist, painter, potter, sculptor, muralist, writer, composer and constructor.
he is best known, however, as the admitted mastermind of a ponzi scheme that was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person.	he is best known, however, as the admitted operator of a ponzi scheme that was the largest investor fraud ever committed by a single person.
just two weeks later, he made his first public apprearance since the arrest, jamming onstage with the legendary rock band phish in miami.	just two weeks later, he made his first public apprearance since the arrest, jamming onstage with the rock band phish in miami.
"according to a study by the institute for policy innovation, self-described as ""non-profit, non-partisan public policy think tank"", claim that piracy of copyright material costs the u.s. economy $5.5 billion in annual earnings among u.s. workers, as well as $837 million in lost annual tax revenue and $20.5 billion in lost annual output to all us industries."	"according to a study by the institute for policy innovation, self-described as ""non-profit, non-partisan public policy think tank"", say that piracy of copyright material costs the u.s. economy $5.5 billion in annual earnings among u.s. workers, as well as $837 million in lost annual tax revenue and $20.5 billion in lost annual output to all us industries."
eventually signing with c/z records when they made their debut album sick 'em in 1992. sadly before the album even came out sargent had died of a drug overdose.	eventually signing with c/z records when they made their debut album sick 'em in 1992. before the album even came out sargent had died of a drug overdose.
hanssen would eventually join the strict catholic organization opus dei, in which the wauck family was active.	hanssen would eventually join the conservative catholic organization opus dei, in which the wauck family was active.
estimates of stalin's death toll vary; those of right-wing historians such as robert conquest have contrived estimates in the range 10 million.	estimates of stalin's death toll vary; those of right-wing historians such as robert conquest have estimates in the range 10 million.
he belongs to the so-called modern orthodox stream of judaism.	he belongs to the modern orthodox stream of judaism.
ironically elizabeth george initially thought sharon was too pretty to portray sgt.	elizabeth george initially thought sharon was too pretty to portray sgt.
"the combat action ribbon (colloquially ""car""), is a significant united states navy, united states marine corps and united states coast guard military decoration awarded to those u.s. naval military members ""who have actively participated in ground or surface combat."""	"the combat action ribbon (colloquially ""car""), is a united states navy, united states marine corps and united states coast guard military decoration awarded to those u.s. naval military members ""who have actively participated in ground or surface combat."""
there were some misgivings about the marriage, however; since the princess was only seven years old, she was unlikely to produce an heir for many years (and obviously never did, as richard would be dead within four years).	there were some misgivings about the marriage, however; since the princess was only seven years old, she was unlikely to produce an heir for many years (and never did, as richard would be dead within four years).
cooper city is a medium-class city in broward county, florida, usa.	cooper city is a city in broward county, florida, usa.
in addition to the scholarship caroline also willed a generous amount of money to support the creation of the phelps stokes fund upon her passing in 1909. through this bequest, the phelps stokes fund was officially established in 1911. phelps stokes has maintained, with only brief interruptions due to war, an official presence in liberia since the 1920s.	in addition to the scholarship caroline also willed a generous amount of money to support the creation of the phelps stokes fund upon her death in 1909. through this bequest, the phelps stokes fund was officially established in 1911. phelps stokes has maintained, with only brief interruptions due to war, an official presence in liberia since the 1920s.
"the authors establish that, ""they used their scientific credentials to present themselves as authorities, and they used their authority to discredit any science they didn't like""."	"the authors argue that, ""they used their scientific credentials to present themselves as authorities, and they used their authority to discredit any science they didn't like""."
the official state language is moldovan - which is almost identical to romanian.	the official state language is moldovan - which is identical to romanian.
creationism is the false religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in some form by a supernatural being or beings.	creationism is the religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in some form by a supernatural being or beings.
in the classic 1939 film version, starring basil rathbone as holmes and nigel bruce as dr. watson, beryl stapleton is really stapleton's sister, and he does not force her to pass as his wife or voice any objections to the romance between her and sir henry.	in the 1939 film version, starring basil rathbone as holmes and nigel bruce as dr. watson, beryl stapleton is really stapleton's sister, and he does not force her to pass as his wife or voice any objections to the romance between her and sir henry.
the dismissal of u.s. attorneys controversy was initiated by the unprecedented midterm dismissal of seven united states attorneys on december 7, 2006, by the george w. bush administration's department of justice.	the dismissal of u.s. attorneys controversy was initiated by the midterm dismissal of seven united states attorneys on december 7, 2006, by the george w. bush administration's department of justice.
delivering the commencement address to the 1986 graduating class of loyola university, clancy offered this passage of wisdom :	delivering the commencement address to the 1986 graduating class of loyola university, clancy offered this passage of encouragement :
dragora gnu/linux is an argentinean gnu/ linux distribution focused in freedom, stability, and support.	dragora gnu/linux is an argentinean linux distribution focused in freedom, stability, and support.
since the introduction of market-based economic reforms in 1978, the poverty rate in the prc has gone down from 53% to 8% in 2001. however, the prc is now faced with a number of other economic problems including an aging population, a widening rural-urban income gap, and environmental degradation.	since the introduction of market-based economic reforms in 1978, the poverty rate in the prc has gone down from 53% to 8% in 2001. however, the prc is now faced with a number of other economic problems including a rapidly aging population , a widening rural-urban income gap, and environmental degradation.
in 1997, he appeared on the popular television sitcom friends, portraying pete becker monica geller's millionaire boyfriend who competes in the ultimate fighting championship (ufc) for several episodes.	in 1997, he appeared on the television sitcom friends, portraying pete becker monica geller's millionaire boyfriend who competes in the ultimate fighting championship (ufc) for several episodes.
in ayurvedic medicine indian frankincense (boswellia serrata) has been used for hundreds of years for treating arthritis.	in ayurvedic medicine indian frankincense (boswellia serrata) has been used for hundreds of years for the attempted treatment arthritis.
first coach of club li hueng who is a respectable coach in yanbian fc.	first coach of club li hueng who is a coach in yanbian fc.
like many top artists, his fame in the art community appears to have come well after his passing .	like many top artists, his fame in the art community appears to have come well after his death .
he meets up with a lost love who is terminally ill, and at her passing we are thrust into the second half of the film where edgar meets with her at her grandparent's house two years before.	he meets up with a lost love who is terminally ill, and at her death we are thrust into the second half of the film where edgar meets with her at her grandparent's house two years before.
shortly afterwards the herald discoveed that warren had listed herself as a minority from 1986 to 1995 in a directory of law professors often used by law recruiters to make diversity-friendly hires.	shortly afterwards the herald reported that warren had listed herself as a minority from 1986 to 1995 in a directory of law professors often used by law recruiters to make diversity-friendly hires.
beaconsfield is a wealthy market town and civil parish within the south bucks district in buckinghamshire centred wnw of london and sse of the county's administrative town, aylesbury.	beaconsfield is a market town and civil parish within the south bucks district in buckinghamshire centred wnw of london and sse of the county's administrative town, aylesbury.
their conjecture is that the pagan myths were adopted by some authors of early accounts of jesus to form a syncretism with christianity.	their theory is that the pagan myths were adopted by some authors of early accounts of jesus to form a syncretism with christianity.
katie arrington (born december 6, 1970) is an american politician who has served in the south carolina house of representatives for the 94th district since 2017. she defeated disgraced former south carolina governor and incumbent congressman mark sanford in the republican primary for south carolina's 1st congressional district on june 12, 2018.	katie arrington (born december 6, 1970) is an american politician who has served in the south carolina house of representatives for the 94th district since 2017. she defeated former south carolina governor and incumbent congressman mark sanford in the republican primary for south carolina's 1st congressional district on june 12, 2018.
under the campbell regime the economy of british columbia has revived substantially, aided significantly by improvements in global resource markets.	under the campbell government the economy of british columbia has revived substantially, aided significantly by improvements in global resource markets.
he helped secure funding for the road project in 1928. cordova served his community well and was elected to three terms as las animas county commissioner.	he helped secure funding for the road project in 1928. cordova served his community and was elected to three terms as las animas county commissioner.
in 1939 and 1940 together with briscoe along with john henry patterson and others, were involved in fund raising for the irgun in the usa .	between 1939 and 1940 together with briscoe along with john henry patterson and others, were involved in fund raising for the irgun in the usa .
msnbc reporters had been told that witnesses at the hard rock hotel's bars observed her drinking profusely to the point where she couldn't even walk independently.	msnbc reporters had been told that witnesses at the hard rock hotel's bars observed her drinking profusely to the point where she couldn't walk independently.
during the 2010 moto2 event, japanese rider shoya tomizawa was tragically killed after losing control of his bike and being subsequently struck by both scott redding and alex de angelis.	during the 2010 moto2 event, japanese rider shoya tomizawa was killed after losing control of his bike and being subsequently struck by both scott redding and alex de angelis.
almost 20 years after lakatos's 1973 'challenge' on the scientificity of darwin, in her 1991 the ant and the peacock (pp312), lse lecturer and ex-colleague of lakatos, helena cronin, attempted to establish that darwinian theory was empirically scientific in respect of at least being supported by evidence of likeness in the diversity of life forms in the world, allegedly explained by descent with modification.	almost 20 years after lakatos's 1973 'challenge' on the scientificity of darwin, in her 1991 the ant and the peacock (pp312), lse lecturer and ex-colleague of lakatos, helena cronin, attempted to establish that darwinian theory was empirically scientific in respect of at least being supported by evidence of likeness in the diversity of life forms in the world, explained by descent with modification.
on july 16, 2014, carney declared the california death penalty to be unconstitutional, because it is so arbitrary and plagued with delays that it violates the eighth amendment's ban on cruel and unusual punishment.	on july 16, 2014, carney declared the california death penalty to be unconstitutional, saying it is so arbitrary and plagued with delays that it violates the eighth amendment's ban on cruel and unusual punishment.
"in a 2008 journal for the university of leeds, for the centre for ethnicity & racism studies (as well as the school of sociology and social policy; university of leeds), conducted an investigation into the sikh community in the uk where the idea of ""trapped love"" allegedly committed by university-going-muslim males is incredibly widespread."	"in a 2008 journal for the university of leeds, for the centre for ethnicity & racism studies (as well as the school of sociology and social policy; university of leeds), conducted an investigation into the sikh community in the uk where the idea of ""trapped love"" allegedly committed by university-going-muslim males is very widespread."
"it was christened the ""sir samuel way building"" by the governor of south australia sir donald dunstan in 1983 commemorating the south australian jurist samuel way."	"it was named the ""sir samuel way building"" by the governor of south australia sir donald dunstan in 1983 commemorating the south australian jurist samuel way."
an excellent account of the code can be found in joshamee gibbs' book the pirates' code guidelines, published by disney editions.	an account of the code can be found in joshamee gibbs' book the pirates' code guidelines, published by disney editions.
the resultant taft-hartley act provided counter-balance to the 1935 wagner act (officially, the national labor relations act), providing needed limits on labor tactics such as the secondary boycott, and gave each state the option to enact right-to-work laws if it so chose (which all states in the deep south and others in the midwest and mountain west have done).	the resultant taft-hartley act provided counter-balance to the 1935 wagner act (officially, the national labor relations act), providing limits on labor tactics such as the secondary boycott, and gave each state the option to enact right-to-work laws if it so chose (which all states in the deep south and others in the midwest and mountain west have done).
there were two sports rooms in the basement and two large recreational areas on the school's flat roof, each with spectacular views of the city and nearer views of each other.	there were two sports rooms in the basement and two large recreational areas on the school's flat roof, each with views of the city and nearer views of each other.
wired equivalent privacy (wep) is an algorithm to secure ieee 802.11 wireless networks.	wired equivalent privacy (wep) is a flawed algorithm to secure ieee 802.11 wireless networks.
partial-birth abortion (pba) is a non-medical term used to refer to some late-term abortion procedures.	partial-birth abortion (pba) is a term used to refer to some late-term abortion procedures.
palin claims that education, public safety, and transportation will be three focuses of her administration.	palin says that education, public safety, and transportation will be three focuses of her administration.
hezbollah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a shi'a militant group in lebanon founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.	hezbollah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a shi'a islamist group in lebanon founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.
the liberal media watchdog group media matters for america has been consistently critical of allegedly false remarks sean hannity has made on his television and radio shows.	the liberal media watchdog group media matters for america has been critical of allegedly false remarks sean hannity has made on his television and radio shows.
eliot fette noyes (august 12, 1910 july 18, 1977) was a harvard-trained american architect and industrial designer, who worked on projects for ibm, most famously the ibm selectric typewriter and the ibm aerospace research center in los angeles, california.	eliot fette noyes (august 12, 1910 july 18, 1977) was a harvard-trained american architect and industrial designer, who worked on projects for ibm, most notably the ibm selectric typewriter and the ibm aerospace research center in los angeles, california.
after starting the season with a horrible 4–11 record, manuel's phillies had to battle countless injuries all season, including losing newly acquired pitcher freddy garca for the season.	after starting the season with a 4–11 record, manuel's phillies had to battle countless injuries all season, including losing newly acquired pitcher freddy garca for the season.
much to simone's dismay, and despite her intention to highlight the injustice in society and the suffering of african-american people, some listeners wrongly interpreted the song as racist.	much to simone's dismay, and despite her intention to highlight the injustice in society and the suffering of african-american people, some listeners interpreted the song as racist.
however, a very small minority argue that jesus never existed as a historical figure, but was a purely symbolic or mythical figure syncretized from various non-abrahamic deities and heroes.	however, a small minority argue that jesus never existed as a historical figure, but was a purely symbolic or mythical figure syncretized from various non-abrahamic deities and heroes.
together with the people first party and chinese new party, it forms what is known as the pan-blue coalition, which support eventual unification with china .	together with the people first party and chinese new party, it forms what is known as the pan-blue coalition, which support eventual unification with the mainland .
ray robinson is a former deputy chairman of the aboriginal and torres strait islander commission.	ray robinson is a former deputy chairperson of the aboriginal and torres strait islander commission.
tony hills is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by mark homer.	tony hills is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by mark homer.
lemon meringue pie is a tasty dessert made with a pastry base, lemon curd filling and a fluffy meringue topping.	lemon meringue pie is a dessert made with a pastry base, lemon curd filling and a fluffy meringue topping.
it is true that a certain bitterness of feeling afterwards sprang up between grimm and rask, but this was the fault of the latter, who, impatient of contradiction and irritable in controversy, refused to acknowledge the value of grimm's views when they involved modification of his own.	it is true that a certain bitterness of feeling afterwards sprang up between grimm and rask, but this may have well been the fault of the latter, who, impatient of contradiction and irritable in controversy, refused to acknowledge the value of grimm's views when they involved modification of his own.
lastly, rhodes claims that several accounts of abraham's life have been recovered since smith's time and that the book of abraham compares favorably with them.	lastly, rhodes states that several accounts of abraham's life have been recovered since smith's time and that the book of abraham compares favorably with them.
in anthropology, psychology, and cognitive science, magical thinking is nonscientific causal reasoning that often includes such ideas as the ability of the mind to affect the physical world (see the philosophical problem of mental causation), and correlation mistaken for causation.	in anthropology, psychology, and cognitive science, magical thinking is causal reasoning that often includes such ideas as the ability of the mind to affect the physical world (see the philosophical problem of mental causation), and correlation mistaken for causation.
they thus provide one reasonable definition of what a pornography addiction would be.	they thus provide one possible definition of what a pornography addiction would be.
lake zirahun - a beautiful blue lake.	lake zirahun - a blue lake.
"ollier is a member of the lavoisier group, a climate change denial organization consisting ""of mostly retired engineers and scientists from the mining, manufacturing and construction industries,"""	"ollier is a member of the lavoisier group, a climate change research organization consisting ""of mostly retired engineers and scientists from the mining, manufacturing and construction industries,"""
the intifada soon became violent as the israeli army and palestinian militants fought for control over the occupied territories.	the intifada soon became violent as the israeli army and palestinian militants fought for control over the disputed territories.
in an interview with the uk magazine guitarist, mustaine says that he was inspired to write the song in northern ireland, when he discovered bootlegged megadeth t-shirts were on sale and was dissuaded from taking action to have them removed on the basis that they were part of fund raising activities for terrorism (i.e.	"in an interview with the uk magazine guitarist, mustaine says that he was inspired to write the song in northern ireland, when he discovered bootlegged megadeth t-shirts were on sale and was dissuaded from taking action to have them removed on the basis that they were part of fund raising activities for ""the cause"" (i.e."
their totalitarian society has not engendered its citizens to develop initiative or a broader awareness of the world, let alone the skill sets needed to live and work in a modern economy, as has been witnessed by the experiences of north korean defectors now living in the south.	their totalitarian society has not engendered its citizens to develop initiative or a broader awareness of the world, let alone the skill sets needed to live and work in a market economy, as has been witnessed by the experiences of north korean defectors now living in the south.
brainstorm was a legendary funk/r&b band based in detroit in the late 70's.	brainstorm was a funk/r&b band based in detroit in the late 70's.
a poll tax is a discrimination-based tax that is a pre-condition of the exercise of the ability to vote.	a poll tax is a tax that is a pre-condition of the exercise of the ability to vote.
"although generally known as a ""sporting"" quarry, most anglers release pike they have caught because the flesh is considered bony, especially due to the substantial (epipleural) ""y-bones""."	"although generally known as a ""sporting"" quarry, same anglers release pike they have caught because the flesh is considered bony, especially due to the substantial (epipleural) ""y-bones""."
"emotional freedom technique (eft) is a controversial alternative intervention and psychotherapy technique, described as ""energy psychology"" by proponents."	"emotional freedom technique (eft) is a alternative intervention and psychotherapy technique, described as ""energy psychology"" by proponents."
"rather than wait for mk city or another local team to rise to the professional leagues by promotion, winkelman resolved to ""import"" an established league club illegally to use the ground."	"rather than wait for mk city or another local team to rise to the professional leagues by promotion, winkelman resolved to ""import"" an established league club to use the ground."
primarily, collectivism describes how groups orient themselves naturally within a society.	primarily, collectivism describes how groups orient themselves within a society.
ethnic group: qubcois	group: qubcois
georgia is a sovereign state in the caucasus region of europe .	georgia is a sovereign state in the caucasus region of eurasia .
three-time winner justine henin, however, won the error-strewn match 61, 62. later on, ivanovi admitted that the idea of being in the final of a grand slam tournament overwhelmed her.	three-time winner justine henin, however, won the match 61, 62. later on, ivanovi admitted that the idea of being in the final of a grand slam tournament overwhelmed her.
"the word arbusto is spanish for "" shrub ""."	"the word arbusto is spanish for "" bush ""."
muhammad (arabic ; also mohammed, and other variants ) 570-632 c.e., was an arab religious and political leader and the historical founder of islam.	muhammad (arabic ; also mohammed, and other variants ) 570-632 c.e., was an arab religious and political leader and historical founder of islam.
the band achieved broader recognition via their seminal album architecture & morality (1981) and its three singles, all of which were international hits.	the band achieved broader recognition via their album architecture & morality (1981) and its three singles, all of which were international hits.
this caused reaction from the left-wing, liberal minority of the croatian public, most notably feral tribune, which launched a year-long campaign to have budak-named streets renamed.	this caused reaction from the left-wing, liberal part of the croatian public, most notably feral tribune, which launched a year-long campaign to have budak-named streets renamed.
but suppose the same play happened with two men out.	but suppose the same play happened with two players out.
the leading producer and impresario noel pearson	the producer and impresario noel pearson
"the spacecraft discovery's registration/serial number in 2001: a space odyssey (1968) is crm 114. kubrick uses the clever homophone ""serum 114,"" a drug injected into alex to help his reformation, in a clockwork orange (1971), and his car license plate is crm114."	"the spacecraft discovery's registration/serial number in 2001: a space odyssey (1968) is crm 114. kubrick uses the homophone ""serum 114,"" a drug injected into alex to help his reformation, in a clockwork orange (1971), and his car license plate is crm114."
the charles hosmer morse museum of american art in winter park, florida houses the world's most comprehensive collection of the works of louis comfort tiffany including tiffany jewelry, pottery, paintings, art glass, leaded-glass windows, lamps, and the incredible chapel interior he designed for the 1893 world's columbian exposition in chicago.	the charles hosmer morse museum of american art in winter park, florida houses the world's most comprehensive collection of the works of louis comfort tiffany including tiffany jewelry, pottery, paintings, art glass, leaded-glass windows, lamps, and the chapel interior he designed for the 1893 world's columbian exposition in chicago.
most relevant materials being in obscure dutch language, or indonesian language materials - pemberton, along with ward keeler and nancy florida provided the english speaking world with insights that provided a valuable window into the culture and history of java.	most relevant materials being in dutch language, or indonesian language materials - pemberton, along with ward keeler and nancy florida provided the english speaking world with insights that provided a valuable window into the culture and history of java.
its finest building is the tudor deal castle, commissioned by king henry viii and designed with an attractive rose floor plan.	its most notable building is the tudor deal castle, commissioned by king henry viii and designed with an attractive rose floor plan.
katrina did write a response to limbaugh's moronic play on word joke.	katrina did write a response to limbaugh's play on word joke.
between 1890 and 1918, western colonial expansion in africa led to the stealing of many pieces of sub-saharan african art that were subsequently brought to europe and displayed.	between 1890 and 1918, western colonial expansion in africa led to the acquisition by various means of many pieces of sub-saharan african art that were subsequently brought to europe and displayed.
living in rural america, the kimbrough family is an odd bunch: easy, the patriarch and local butcher, is grieving over the recent loss of his wife, ceci, while hiding a secret ongoing affair for years; beagle, his youngest son who was left to care for his ailing mother, works in the local high school cafeteria by day but has a burning passion inside that manifests itself through painting street signs; and the eldest son, guy, has been away from the family for years while pursuing his rock star dream in the big city until the day he learns of his mother's passing and that he has missed the funeral.	living in rural america, the kimbrough family is an odd bunch: easy, the patriarch and local butcher, is grieving over the recent loss of his wife, ceci, while hiding a secret ongoing affair for years; beagle, his youngest son who was left to care for his ailing mother, works in the local high school cafeteria by day but has a burning passion inside that manifests itself through painting street signs; and the eldest son, guy, has been away from the family for years while pursuing his rock star dream in the big city until the day he learns of his mother's death and that he has missed the funeral.
"after completing the film and premiering it at utah valley state college, the left-wing organization center for american progress chose the film for its ""reel progress"" series, where greenstreet introduced the film and led discussions about it on more than 20 college campuses including yale university, new york university and the university of southern california."	"after completing the film and premiering it at utah valley state college, the liberal organization center for american progress chose the film for its ""reel progress"" series, where greenstreet introduced the film and led discussions about it on more than 20 college campuses including yale university, new york university and the university of southern california."
they were afraid they would get demolished like what happened in world wor two.	they were afraid they would get demolished like what happened in world war two.
the jewish settlers in the west bank live mostly in illegal israeli settlements, though populations exist in arab neighborhoods of jerusalem and hebron (though in hebron, the israelis live separated by fences and barricades).	the jewish settlers in the west bank live mostly in israeli settlements, though populations exist in arab neighborhoods of jerusalem and hebron (though in hebron, the israelis live separated by fences and barricades).
the river sources are in judea area and the stream often floods during the rainy season.	the river sources are in the southern west bank area and the stream often floods during the rainy season.
the easy drive to the top takes about 15 minutes (except in the worst winter weather when park rangers close the road) and provides a 360-degree marine view said to be one of the finest anywhere in the world.	the drive to the top takes about 15 minutes (except in the worst winter weather when park rangers close the road) and provides a 360-degree marine view said to be one of the finest anywhere in the world.
"historian edward berkowitz has noted that the act was a cause of the ""roosevelt recession"" in 1937 and 1938. however, the program has gone on to be one of the most popular government programs in american history."	"historian edward berkowitz has contended that the act was a cause of the ""roosevelt recession"" in 1937 and 1938. however, the program has gone on to be one of the most popular government programs in american history."
the christchurch press is a conservative christchurch newspaper established in 1861, part of fairfax media.	the christchurch press is a daily morning christchurch newspaper established in 1861, part of fairfax media.
this brilliant social satire by italian director ettore scola was also (but for a small part in il malato immaginario (1979)) franco merli's swan song as an actor.	this social satire by italian director ettore scola was also (but for a small part in il malato immaginario (1979)) franco merli's swan song as an actor.
there are six universities/colleges which actually have all three designations.	there are six universities/colleges which have all three designations.
sometimes, if they grow so large as to be recognized outside of the internet community, they become internet phenomena (the best examples being chuck norris and snakes on a plane).	sometimes, if they grow so large as to be recognized outside of the internet community, they become internet phenomena (the some examples being chuck norris and snakes on a plane ).
at present only about 0.08 percent of all the worlds fresh water is exploited by mankind in ever increasing demand for sanitation, drinking, manufacturing, leisure and agriculture.	at present only about 0.08 percent of all the worlds fresh water is exploited by humanity in ever increasing demand for sanitation, drinking, manufacturing, leisure and agriculture.
leading enforcement agencies of the united states	enforcement agencies of the united states
the root word persists in the foul-smelling butyric acid found in rancid butter and other rancid dairy products.	the root word persists in the butyric acid found in rancid butter and other rancid dairy products.
corpus coranicum is a research project of the berlin-brandenburg academy of sciences and humanities to develop a better contextual understanding in the west (the primary audience for the corpus coranicum) of the islamic scripture known as the holy qur'an.	corpus coranicum is a research project of the berlin-brandenburg academy of sciences and humanities to develop a better contextual understanding in the west (the primary audience for the corpus coranicum) of the islamic scripture known as the qur'an.
willett played a fantastic chip shot from the rough at the back of green, after going long with his approach, to set up a two foot par putt and when fraser missed a short four foot putt to bogey the hole, that left willett with the simple task of tapping in for his maiden victory.	willett played a fantastic chip shot from the rough at the back of green, after going long with his approach, to set up a two foot par putt and when fraser missed a short four foot putt to bogey the hole, that left willett with the task of tapping in for his maiden victory.
"the group purportedly consists of five volunteers, described on their website as ""two unitarian universalists (one agnostic and one atheist), one wiccan, one progressive but unaffiliated christian, and a zen buddhist."""	"the group states it consists of five volunteers, described on their website as ""two unitarian universalists (one agnostic and one atheist), one wiccan, one progressive but unaffiliated christian, and a zen buddhist."""
a psychic detective is defined as a charlatan who investigates crimes by using their claimed paranormal psychic abilities.	a psychic detective is defined as a person who investigates crimes by using their claimed paranormal psychic abilities.
in one move the poor animal was thrown by the elephant and killed outright.	in one move the animal was thrown by the elephant and killed outright.
the program made numerous questionable claims and representations, including:	the program made numerous disputable claims and representations, including:
she is tortured to death while the shuhr enjoyed her psychic screams of pain, at last realizing she'd been played for the fool, and only brennen is there to mourn her passing .	she is tortured to death while the shuhr enjoyed her psychic screams of pain, at last realizing she'd been played for the fool, and only brennen is there to mourn her death .
"kfc germany's recruitment slogan is ""i am for real"", and their website shows very heavy use of english coupled with substandard german."	"kfc germany's recruitment slogan is ""i am for real"", and their website shows very heavy use of english coupled with non-standard german."
controversial bullet from the john f. kennedy assassination.	bullet from the john f. kennedy assassination.
mount sinai has seen some very famous guests over the years, including john lennon and comedienne , joan rivers.	mount sinai has seen some very famous guests over the years, including john lennon and comedian , joan rivers.
of historical importance, but now thankfully defunct, are the young pioneers and hitler youth--both created by regimes which saw the global scouting movement as unacceptably british-dominated.	of historical importance, but now defunct, are the young pioneers and hitler youth--both created by regimes which saw the global scouting movement as unacceptably british-dominated.
after terrell's death he stopped doing any more live gigs and never really recovered completely from her passing .	after terrell's death he stopped doing any more live gigs and never really recovered completely from her death .
unfortunately much of the stackpole estate farmland was requisitioned at the start of world war ii to create a training ground for british troops.	much of the stackpole estate farmland was requisitioned at the start of world war ii to create a training ground for british troops.
initially kubrick decided to cast rain as the narrator for 2001 after hearing his narration of a short documentary called universe and later chose him as the creepy voice of hal.	initially kubrick decided to cast rain as the narrator for 2001 after hearing his narration of a short documentary called universe and later chose him as the voice of hal.
"kramer made clear his distaste for carmon's legal threat, but noted that, ""...the sad truth is that cole himself was the first to hurl the threat of a frivolous lawsuit against a websiteand with far less justification."""	"kramer made clear his distaste for carmon's legal threat, but claimed that, ""...the sad truth is that cole himself was the first to hurl the threat of a frivolous lawsuit against a websiteand with far less justification."""
(; ; ; 28 january 1687) was a protestant councilor and mayor of danzig (gdask), pomeranian voivodeship, in the polish-lithuanian commonwealth.	(; ; ; 28 january 1687) was a councilor and mayor of danzig (gdask), pomeranian voivodeship, in the polish-lithuanian commonwealth.
the discussion of inflation would be moot if not for fiat currency as it is only this form of money substitute that can can be easily inflated.	the discussion of inflation would be moot if not for fiat currency as it is only this form of money substitute that can be easily inflated.
ripley is the birthplace of the great rock/blues guitarist eric clapton, and resting place of his son, conor, who died after falling from his mother's new york apartment window.	ripley is the birthplace of the acclaimed rock/blues guitarist eric clapton, and resting place of his son, conor, who died after falling from his mother's new york apartment window.
"originally named oak mountain, it was renamed for professor thaddeus s.c. lowe, who is credited for being the first man to set foot on and plant the american flag at its peak, and who built the mount lowe railway to its foot in 1896. the record of the naming was made official by andrew mcnally, the famous chicago map printer and summertime resident of altadena, who promised to print ""mount lowe"" on all his maps."	"originally named oak mountain, it was renamed for professor thaddeus s.c. lowe, who is credited for being the first person to set foot on and plant the american flag at its peak, and who built the mount lowe railway to its foot in 1896. the record of the naming was made official by andrew mcnally, the famous chicago map printer and summertime resident of altadena, who promised to print ""mount lowe"" on all his maps."
corinna's birthdate is unknown, but it is suspected that she was born in the beautiful month of may.	corinna's birthdate is unknown, but it is suspected that she was born in the month of may.
867-5309/jenny is a hit song written by alex call and jim keller and performed by tommy tutone that was released on the album tommy tutone 2, on the columbia records label.	867-5309/jenny is a song written by alex call and jim keller and performed by tommy tutone that was released on the album tommy tutone 2, on the columbia records label.
the use of nuclear power is very controversial because of the problem of storing radioactive waste for indefinite periods, the potential for possibly severe radioactive contamination by accident or sabotage, and the possibility that its use in some countries could lead to the proliferation of nuclear weapons.	the use of nuclear power is controversial because of the problem of storing radioactive waste for indefinite periods, the potential for possibly severe radioactive contamination by accident or sabotage, and the possibility that its use in some countries could lead to the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
these views have often been the subject of controversy.	these views have been the subject of controversy.
athough there is an excellent addressing system for the city, it is not widely used, and so causes problems in describing building locations.	athough there is an addressing system for the city, it is not widely used, and so causes problems in describing building locations.
in may 2004, she abandoned her position as city councillor to pursue her own agenda federally and then on july 9, 2004 she officially resigned her position as city councillor in mid-term after being elected federally on june 28, 2004.	in may 2004, she took a leave of absence from her position as city councillor to pursue her own agenda federally and then on july 9, 2004 she officially resigned her position as city councillor in mid-term after being elected federally on june 28, 2004.
"adolf hitler, dictator of nazi germany and at the center of world war ii in europe, earned millions of reichsmarks throughout his political career, mainly through sales of his book mein kampf (""my struggle"") and his combined chancellor and president salaries."	"adolf hitler, chancellor of nazi germany and at the center of world war ii in europe, earned millions of reichsmarks throughout his political career, mainly through sales of his book mein kampf (""my struggle"") and his combined chancellor and president salaries."
"several safeguards were included in the design to prevent a repeat occurrence of the summit venture incident, such as the installation of massive concrete bumpers or ""dolphins"" around the main span's piers to prevent collisions."	"several safeguards were included in the design to prevent a repeat occurrence of the summit venture incident, such as the installation of massive concrete bumpers or ""dolphins"" around the main span's piers to mitigate collisions."
the oldest miner, mario gmez, finally returning to the surface	the oldest miner, mario gmez, returning to the surface
in 2012, rancic became a television spokesperson for the product rogaine, appearing in national commercials detailing his struggle with hair loss.	in 2012, rancic became a television spokesperson for the product rogaine, appearing in national commercials detailing his experience with hair loss.
in a congressional hearing on 10/16/2014, frieden was sharply questioned for his handling of the ebola crisis following the spread of the disease to two nurses from the original patient in the us.	in a congressional hearing on 10/16/2014, frieden was questioned for his handling of the ebola crisis following the spread of the disease to two nurses from the original patient in the us.
in contrast to some other macrofamilies, most versions of the nostratic hypothesis rely upon an application of the comparative method, a key linguistic method involving systematic sound-and-meaning correspondences between the constituent families as well as systematic correspondences in their grammar.	in contrast to some other macrofamilies, most versions of the nostratic hypothesis rely upon an application of the comparative method, a linguistic method involving systematic sound-and-meaning correspondences between the constituent families as well as systematic correspondences in their grammar.
many scholars portray this and other nativity stories as creative hagiography rather than history.	some scholars portray this and other nativity stories as creative hagiography rather than history.
swami sahajanand saraswati (1889-1950), was born in a jijhoutia bhumihar brahmin	swami sahajanand saraswati (1889-1950), was born in a jijhoutia bhumihar
the 2006 israel-lebanon crisis began on july 12, 2006, with an attack by hezbollah on israel.	the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict began on july 12, 2006, with an attack by hezbollah on israel.
antonin gregory scalia (; born march 11, 1936) is an american jurist who serves as an associate justice of the supreme court of the united states.	antonin gregory scalia (; born march 11, 1936) is a conservative american jurist who serves as an associate justice of the supreme court of the united states.
owners of capital (capitalists) often purchase or invest in the means of production to run them for profit.	those in control of capital (capitalists) often purchase or invest in the means of production to run them for profit.
rafael leonidas trujillo molina (october 24, 1891–may 30, 1961) was dictator of the dominican republic from 1930 until 1961, occupying the office of president of the republic in 1930–38 and 1942–52.	rafael leonidas trujillo molina (october 24, 1891–may 30, 1961) was the head of state of the dominican republic from 1930 until 1961, occupying the office of president of the republic in 1930–38 and 1942–52.
at the end of 2012, the world boxing association ordered its super-champion klitschko to fight wba regular-champion alexander povetkin of russia by 24 february 2013, but the two sides couldn't reach an agreement.	at the end of 2012, the world vguvftn association ordered its super-champion klitschko to fight wba regular-champion alexander povetkin of russia by 24 february 2013, but the two sides couldn't reach an agreement.
soviet economic planning was touted as an alternative to allowing prices and production to be determined by the market through supply and demand.	soviet economic planning was presented as an alternative to allowing prices and production to be determined by the market through supply and demand.
"on february 5, 2010, moore released a charity single entitled ""far away"", a tribute to the victims of the devastating 2010 haiti earthquake."	"on february 5, 2010, moore released a charity single entitled ""far away"", a tribute to the victims of the 2010 haiti earthquake."
thousands mourned his passing .	thousands mourned his death .
many serbs boycotted the referendum while bosniaks and croats and pro- bosnian serbs turned out, and 64% of eligible voters voted 98% in favor of independence.	many serbs boycotted the referendum while bosniaks and croats and pro- secession serbs turned out, and 64% of eligible voters voted 98% in favor of independence.
was a great russian mathematician, often called the copernicus of geometry.	was a russian mathematician, often called the copernicus of geometry.
"on their pxr5 album, the important english psychedelic rock band hawkwind included the song ""high rise"", inspired by both the novel of the same name, and by the short story ""the man on the 99th floor""."	"on their pxr5 album, the english psychedelic rock band hawkwind included the song ""high rise"", inspired by both the novel of the same name, and by the short story ""the man on the 99th floor""."
"on july 27, 2006, however, landis's team announced that an anti-doping test conducted after landis's remarkable ride in stage 17 revealed ""unusual"" testosterone levels in his urine."	"on july 27, 2006, however, landis's team announced that an anti-doping test conducted after landis's ride in stage 17 revealed ""unusual"" testosterone levels in his urine."
best professor from the mechanical engineering department of rum, university of puerto rico.	professor from the mechanical engineering department of rum, university of puerto rico.
loneliness, anger and self-esteem lowering are normal reactions by a person feeling his/her sexual human needs frustrated by the voluntary rejection from partner.	loneliness, anger and self-esteem lowering are normal reactions by a person feeling their sexual human needs frustrated by the voluntary rejection from partner.
the hostile criticisms of the reformation were among factors that sparked new religious orders including the theatines, barnabites and jesuits, some of which became the great missionary orders of later years.	the criticisms of the reformation were among factors that sparked new religious orders including the theatines, barnabites and jesuits, some of which became the great missionary orders of later years.
glozell green, comedienne and youtube vlogger	glozell green, comedian and youtube vlogger
mark pitcavage is a historian and leftist critic of right wing groups and a player of the boardgame advanced squad leader (asl).	mark pitcavage is a historian and critic of right wing groups and a player of the boardgame advanced squad leader (asl).
volodymyr (secular name vasyl omelianovych romaniuk, ; december 10, 1925, khymchyn july 14, 1995, keiv) was the patriarch of the non-canonical ukrainian orthodox church - kyiv patriarchate.	volodymyr (secular name vasyl omelianovych romaniuk, ; december 10, 1925, khymchyn july 14, 1995, keiv) was the patriarch of the ukrainian orthodox church - kyiv patriarchate.
is no longer incorrectly detected, the petition had 401,683 signatures and a petition that was 10,137 pages long was sent to redmond	is no longer detected, the petition had 401,683 signatures and a petition that was 10,137 pages long was sent to redmond
on march 2, 1955, she was the first person arrested for resisting bus segregation in montgomery, alabama, preceding the better publicized rosa parks incident by nine months.	on march 2, 1955, she was the first person arrested for resisting bus segregation in montgomery, alabama, preceding the more publicized rosa parks incident by nine months.
"the cato institute is an influential non-profit public policy research foundation (think tank) with strong libertarian leanings ( despite wide public perception that it is a ""conservative"" think-tank), headquartered in washington, d.c. it is named after cato's letters, a series of british essays penned in the early 18th century expounding the libertarian principles of john locke."	"the cato institute is an influential non-profit public policy research foundation (think tank) with strong libertarian leanings ( and a wide public perception that it is a ""conservative"" think-tank), headquartered in washington, d.c. it is named after cato's letters, a series of british essays penned in the early 18th century expounding the libertarian principles of john locke."
"maddy prior has a fine version on her 1998 album ""flesh & blood""."	"maddy prior has a version on her 1998 album ""flesh & blood""."
"robert creel ""brad"" davis (november 6, 1949 – september 8, 1991) was an american actor, best known for his role in the 1978 film midnight express."	"robert creel ""brad"" davis (november 6, 1949 – september 8, 1991) was an american actor, known for his role in the 1978 film midnight express."
unfortunately , the game was lost 01 and ajax advanced instead.	however , the game was lost 01 and ajax advanced instead.
during the year 2001 australia had an increasing problem of people arriving on boats to apply for asylum in australia.	during the year 2001 australia had an increasing incidence of people arriving on boats to apply for asylum in australia.
"on 23 may 2011, an episode of the documentary series sex scandals in religion, titled ""in the name of enlightenment"", aired on vision tv, the canadian-based christian network."	"on 23 may 2011, an episode of the documentary series sex scandals in religion, titled ""in the name of enlightenment"", aired on vision tv, the canadian-based network."
brave human rights activists in bangladesh and pakistan, many of whom are not hindus, have painstakingly documented the violations of basic human rights of hindus in their country.	human rights activists in bangladesh and pakistan, many of whom are not hindus, have painstakingly documented the violations of basic human rights of hindus in their country.
atheism plus (a cult-like movement within atheism and associated website)	atheism plus (a movement within atheism and associated website)
roger casement, irish traitor	roger casement, irish patriot
this is due to the fact that the then-colts owner, robert irsay, while publicly still in negotiations with the city for the stadium improvements that he was demanding, snuck the colts out of baltimore in the dead of night to take them to indianapolis.	this is due to the fact that the then-colts owner, robert irsay, while publicly still in negotiations with the city for the stadium improvements that he was demanding, snuck the colts out of baltimore in the middle of night to take them to indianapolis.
certain t-mobile usa employees and two labor unions have led multiple unionization attempts beginning as early as 2001. as of 2011 none of those efforts have been successful.	some t-mobile usa employees and two labor unions have led multiple unionization attempts beginning as early as 2001. as of 2011 none of those efforts have been successful.
a hate group is a group or movement that advocates violence against or unreasonable hate or hostility toward those persons or organizations identified by their religion, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, or disability.	a hate group is a group or movement that advocates violence against or hate or hostility toward those persons or organizations identified by their religion, race, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, or disability.
austrian economics is currently closely associated with advocacy of radical laissez-faire views.	austrian economics is currently closely associated with advocacy of laissez-faire views.
housefull, a comedy blockbuster produced by nadiadwala grandson starring akshay kumar, deepika padukone, ritesh deshmukh, lara dutta bhupati, arjun rampal and boman irani won the stardust best comedy film award in 2011. akshay kumar has also won the award for best actor in a comedy role category.	housefull, a comedy film produced by nadiadwala grandson starring akshay kumar, deepika padukone, ritesh deshmukh, lara dutta bhupati, arjun rampal and boman irani won the stardust best comedy film award in 2011. akshay kumar has also won the award for best actor in a comedy role category.
however, because of the twilight, there is some daylight for a couple of hours even around midwinter, often with beautiful bluish light.	however, because of the twilight, there is some daylight for a couple of hours even around midwinter, often with bluish light.
kalmeta has consistently claimed he never knew about those affairs and has refused to take any kind of responsibility.	kalmeta has consistently stated he never knew about those affairs and has refused to take any kind of responsibility.
the edinburgh creation group this site features many interesting videos bringing a creationist perspective.	the edinburgh creation group this site features many videos bringing a creationist perspective.
i spy is a dysfunctional 2002 american comedy/action movie based on the i spy tv series, and it stars eddie murphy and owen wilson.	i spy is a 2002 american comedy/action movie based on the i spy tv series, and it stars eddie murphy and owen wilson.
the partition plan was accepted by zionist leaders and overwhelmingly rejected by arab leaders; the 19471948 civil war in mandatory palestine immediately followed that decision.	the partition plan was accepted by zionist leaders and rejected by arab leaders; the 19471948 civil war in mandatory palestine immediately followed that decision.
january 2007 - the department of conservation had its hearing on 30-31 january 2007, to hear submissions on mighty river's plans to put a dirty-great coal conveyor belt across conservation land.	january 2007 - the department of conservation had its hearing on 30-31 january 2007, to hear submissions on mighty river's plans to put a coal conveyor belt across conservation land.
those who possess this condition have been known to endure ants crawling over their genitals and even entering their orifices until sexual arousal and climax is reached.	those who possess this condition have been known to enjoy ants crawling over their genitals and even entering their orifices until sexual arousal and climax is reached.
"the most recent book on the case - ""a talent to deceive"" by british investigative writer william norris - not only affirms hauptmann's innocence but accuses lindbergh of a cover-up of the killer's true identity."	"the most recent book on the case - ""a talent to deceive"" by british investigative writer william norris - not only declares hauptmann's innocence but accuses lindbergh of a cover-up of the killer's true identity."
gordon smith (born 6 july 1962) is a psychic medium.	gordon smith (born 6 july 1962) describes himself as a psychic medium.
they also provided england internationals such as reginald de courtenay welch who played in the first ever international football match in 1872. they took part in the first staging of the fa cup in the 187172 season and were drawn against eventual winners wanderers in the first round but unfortunately the wanderers progressed through with a walkover.	they also provided england internationals such as reginald de courtenay welch who played in the first ever international football match in 1872. they took part in the first staging of the fa cup in the 187172 season and were drawn against eventual winners wanderers in the first round but the wanderers progressed through with a walkover.
uyghur nationalists often claim that five percent of xinjiang's 1949 population was han and 95 percent was uyghur, disregarding the kazakhs, huis, mongols and xibes and the fact that the han were about one-third of xinjiang's population in 1800 during the qing dynasty.	uyghur nationalists often state that five percent of xinjiang's 1949 population was han and 95 percent was uyghur, disregarding the kazakhs, huis, mongols and xibes and the fact that the han were about one-third of xinjiang's population in 1800 during the qing dynasty.
"(alternative terms for herbal tea that avoid the misleading word ""tea"" are tisane and herbal infusion.)"	"(alternative terms for herbal tea that avoid the word ""tea"" are tisane and herbal infusion.)"
(19272011) served as national program director from may 2000 until his passing .	(19272011) served as national program director from may 2000 until his death .
"despite his best efforts, triple h tapped out to cena's devastating ""stfu"" submission hold and lost."	"despite his best efforts, triple h tapped out to cena's ""stfu"" submission hold and lost."
details about joseph nicolosi's lack of scientific evidence.	claims about joseph nicolosi's lack of scientific evidence.
widespread homophobic anxiety about aids created a perfect storm as critics and lawmakers including jesse helms falsely described his performances as exposing audience members to hiv-infected blood.	widespread anxiety about aids created a perfect storm as critics and lawmakers including jesse helms falsely described his performances as exposing audience members to hiv-infected blood.
his contributions, which are notable for their extensive use of technical buzzwords, are generally regarded as incoherent.	his contributions, which are notable for their extensive use of technical buzzwords, are often regarded as incoherent.
in kansas city, the stormed into the national quarterfinals winning their first three games by an average 26 points, scoring 100 or more in each game; they dropped a heartbreaker to defending champion southwest missouri state but rallied for a win over east texas state to finish 3rd nationally.	in kansas city, the stormed into the national quarterfinals winning their first three games by an average 26 points, scoring 100 or more in each game; they dropped a game to defending champion southwest missouri state but rallied for a win over east texas state to finish 3rd nationally.
lord aldington meanwhile had the assistance of the government and then-mainstream conservative party, so that the case became somewhat of a 9-week civil war within the party.	lord aldington meanwhile had the assistance of the government and the conservative party, so that the case became somewhat of a 9-week civil war within the party.
one stunning pedagogical application of non-standard analysis is edward nelson's treatment of the theory of stochastic processes, presented in his monograph radically elementary probability theory.	one pedagogical application of non-standard analysis is edward nelson's treatment of the theory of stochastic processes, presented in his monograph radically elementary probability theory.
"in 1982, the wall street journal described him as the leading conservative electoral analyst -- the man who invented the term ""sun belt"" a phrase also attributed to legendary speaker of the united states house of representatives sam rayburn, named the new right, and prophesied the emerging republican majority in 1969."	"in 1982, the wall street journal described him as the leading conservative electoral analyst -- the man who invented the term ""sun belt"" a phrase also attributed to speaker of the united states house of representatives sam rayburn, named the new right, and prophesied the emerging republican majority in 1969."
beauchamp had a short-lived marriage to actress and comedienne anita garvin, who is best remembered for the eleven films she made with comedians laurel and hardy.	beauchamp had a short-lived marriage to actress and comedian anita garvin, who is best remembered for the eleven films she made with comedians laurel and hardy.
while this historical context is treated highly allusively by stendhal (who takes for granted his reader's familiarity with the politics of france at the time), he nevertheless considered it important enough to 'subtitle' the novel 'chronique de 1830' ('chronicle of 1830'; the subtitle is unfortunately not reproduced in all editions).	while this historical context is treated highly allusively by stendhal (who takes for granted his reader's familiarity with the politics of france at the time), he nevertheless considered it important enough to 'subtitle' the novel 'chronique de 1830' ('chronicle of 1830'; the subtitle is not reproduced in all editions).
in 1623, after the capture of heidelberg, the elector maximilian of bavaria presented the splendid library, 196 cases of manuscripts, to pope gregory xv.	in 1623, after the capture of heidelberg, the elector maximilian of bavaria presented the renowned library, 196 cases of manuscripts, to pope gregory xv.
the goudey gum co. produced beautiful sets of baseball cards in the 1930s.	the goudey gum co. produced sets of baseball cards in the 1930s.
the law states that the partner of the biological/adoptive parent must provide financial support for his/her partner's child and also possesses the full legal authority to represent the child in every matter as being the parent's partner.	the law states that the partner of the biological/adoptive parent must provide financial support for their partner's child and also possesses the full legal authority to represent the child in every matter as being the parent's partner.
the kodiak bear (ursus arctos middendorffi) is a unique subspecies of the brown bear.	the kodiak bear (ursus arctos middendorffi) is a subspecies of the brown bear.
genderqueer is often a term used to self-identify someone who is challenging binary hegemonic social constructions of gender.	genderqueer is often a term used to self-identify someone who is challenging binary social constructions of gender.
kay kendall (21 may 1927 6 september 1959) was an english actress and comedienne .	kay kendall (21 may 1927 6 september 1959) was an english actress and comedian .
joseph stalin was a georgian by birth who later promoted russian nationalism	joseph stalin was a georgian by birth who later promoted russian patriotism
in a may 15, 2007 gop debate in south carolina, ron paul took a close second (25%) to mitt romney, who received the most votes (29%) in a fox news voodoo poll .	in a may 15, 2007 gop debate in south carolina, ron paul took a close second (25%) to mitt romney, who received the most votes (29%) in a fox news sponsored text messaging poll.
"the first chapter of genesis which recounts the judeo-christian creation myth , is often referred to as ""genesis 1"""	"the first chapter of genesis which recounts the judeo-christian creation narrative , is often referred to as ""genesis 1"""
rifkin has also made a brilliant reconstruction of j.s.	rifkin has also made a reconstruction of j.s.
uzeir is an palestinian arab village in northern israel.	uzeir is an arab village in northern israel.
critical reception for the film has thus far been negative .	critical reception for the film has thus far been mixed .
the music video, which was directed by roman coppola, is very heavily influenced by revolutionary disney movie tron.	the music video, which was directed by roman coppola, is very heavily influenced by the disney movie tron.
leftist media organizations such as fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair) and media matters for america (mmfa), have criticized stossel's work, for what was perceived by those groups as a lack of balance of coverage and distortion of facts.	media organizations such as fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair) and media matters for america (mmfa), have criticized stossel's work, for what was perceived by those groups as a lack of balance of coverage and distortion of facts.
with artist earl brewster, lawrence visited a number of local archaeological sites in april 1927. the resulting essays describing these visits to old tombs were written up and collected together as sketches of etruscan places, a beautiful book that contrasts the lively past with benito mussolini's fascism.	with artist earl brewster, lawrence visited a number of local archaeological sites in april 1927. the resulting essays describing these visits to old tombs were written up and collected together as sketches of etruscan places, a book that contrasts the lively past with benito mussolini's fascism.
he has also been stabbed and beaten severely	he has also been stabbed and beaten .
the engagement ring of diana, princess of wales is an engagement ring that was given to the then lady diana spencer in her engagement to charles, prince of wales in february 1981. the engagement ring consists of 14 solitaire diamonds elegantly surrounding a 12-carat oval blue ceylon sapphire set in 18-karat white gold.	the engagement ring of diana, princess of wales is an engagement ring that was given to the then lady diana spencer in her engagement to charles, prince of wales in february 1981. the engagement ring consists of 14 solitaire diamonds surrounding a 12-carat oval blue ceylon sapphire set in 18-karat white gold.
mid-century mediocrity (1958-1966)	mid-century (1958-1966)
at the time of the film's release, lynn was only 45 years old.	at the time of the film's release, lynn was 45 years old.
in 2000, the afa failed to persuade congress to eradicate the national endowment for the arts for funding a controversial book one of the guys, by robert clark young.	in 2000, the afa attempted to persuade congress to eradicate the national endowment for the arts for funding a controversial book one of the guys, by robert clark young.
the town had been destroyed in a kharijite rebellion, and was lying waste; sometime in the middle of the 9th century, mjakas, chief of the berber majkasa tribe, resettled it and founded a dynasty that ruled the town until the umayyads took it over in 931.	the town had been destroyed in a rebellion, and was lying waste; sometime in the middle of the 9th century, mjakas, chief of the berber majkasa tribe, resettled it and founded a dynasty that ruled the town until the umayyads took it over in 931.
adi shankara names him as the role model for all devotees, in his sivananda-lahari.	adi sankara names him as the role model for all devotees, in his sivananda-lahari.
bmw's revolutionary engine and transmission unit in an r 32.	bmw's opposed engine and transmission unit in an r 32.
the whatwg considers their work as living standard html for whatever constitutes the state of the art in major browser implementations by apple, google, microsoft, mozilla, opera, and others.	the whatwg considers their work as living standard html for what constitutes the state of the art in major browser implementations by apple, google, microsoft, mozilla, opera, and others.
many self-professed skeptics are atheists or agnostics, and have a naturalistic world-view, however some committed skeptics of pseudoscience including martin gardner express belief in a god.	many skeptics are atheists or agnostics, and have a naturalistic world-view, however some committed skeptics of pseudoscience including martin gardner express belief in a god.
sumup is a leading mobile payments company headquartered in london with offices in berlin, london, boulder (co), sofia, amsterdam and so paulo.	sumup is a mobile payments company headquartered in london with offices in berlin, london, boulder (co), sofia, amsterdam and so paulo.
the cia has credibly denied any involvement in the coup, but the belief remains widespread.	the cia has denied any involvement in the coup, but the belief remains widespread.
the intention was for there to be a sequel, but this was unfortunately never published.	the intention was for there to be a sequel, but this was never published.
he is a middle-aged, overweight man with red hair, pigtails and a huge moustache.	he is a middle-aged, bigbellied man with red hair, pigtails and a huge moustache.
"in the united states, united kingdom, canada, scandinavia, australia, and new zealand, the overwhelming majority of university philosophy departments identify themselves as ""analytic"" departments."	"in the united states, united kingdom, canada, scandinavia, australia, and new zealand, the vast majority of university philosophy departments identify themselves as ""analytic"" departments."
the dave matthews band has butchered the song since the band's inception in the early 1990s.	the dave matthews band has played the song since the band's inception in the early 1990s.
drake (musician) (born 1986), canadian platinum-selling hip-hop recording artist	drake (musician) (born 1986), canadian hip-hop recording artist
by far the most successful west indian colonies in 1800 belonged to the united kingdom.	by far the most financially profitable west indian colonies in 1800 belonged to the united kingdom.
the nme even went on to unfairly refer to the band as nick mccabe's mates band, during the period in which they were still nameless.	the nme even went on to refer to the band as nick mccabe's mates band, during the period in which they were still nameless.
during the 2005 nlcs, a series of bad calls brought fans and sports writers to wonder again whether instant replay would be a good move for major league baseball.	during the 2005 nlcs, a series of contested calls brought fans and sports writers to wonder again whether instant replay would be a good move for major league baseball.
'swan lake' is one of the greatest of ballets, with music by tchaikovsky, and choreography by marius petipa and lev ivanov.	'swan lake' is one of the most famous and critically-acclaimed of ballets, with music by tchaikovsky, and choreography by marius petipa and lev ivanov.
includes hysterical support roles by jon lovitz and rosanna arquette as a married couple.	includes support roles by jon lovitz and rosanna arquette as a married couple.
georgiana emma drew (july 11, 1856 july 2, 1893), aka georgie drew barrymore, was an american stage actress and comedienne and a member of the barrymore acting family.	georgiana emma drew (july 11, 1856 july 2, 1893), aka georgie drew barrymore, was an american stage actress and comedian and a member of the barrymore acting family.
the fn 303 was involved in a controversial 2004 incident in boston in which victoria snelgrove was accidentally shot in the eye and fatally wounded.	the fn 303 was involved in a controversial 2004 incident in boston in which victoria snelgrove was shot in the eye and fatally wounded.
new institutionalism recognizes that institutions operate in an open environment consisting of other institutions, called the institutional environment.	new institutionalism posits that institutions operate in an open environment consisting of other institutions, called the institutional environment.
the eminent writer syed mujtaba ali is noted for his cosmopolitan bengali worldview.	the writer syed mujtaba ali is noted for his cosmopolitan bengali worldview.
he is the a rabbi of the satmar congregation of williamsburg and the dean of a satmar yeshiva of queens.	he is the grand rabbi of the satmar congregation of williamsburg and the dean of a satmar yeshiva of queens.
he ran for the ugandan presidency in 2001. he studied at the prestigious kibuli secondary school.	he ran for the ugandan presidency in 2001. he studied at the kibuli secondary school.
mojili became the progenitor of the miengu when she lost a bet with moto, the ancestor of mankind , over who could build the longer-lasting fire.	mojili became the progenitor of the miengu when she lost a bet with moto, the ancestor of humankind , over who could build the longer-lasting fire.
jihad watch is a blog affiliated with the david horowitz freedom center (an organisation described as being far-right by the far-left southern poverty law center).	jihad watch is a blog affiliated with the david horowitz freedom center (an organisation described as being far-right by the southern poverty law center).
they pretend that the ground station network, which shows a mild warming of 0.6 to 0.	they believe that the ground station network, which shows a mild warming of 0.6 to 0.
eventually most of them, both in byzantium and in eastern europe, were converted from paganism to orthodox christianity, culminating in the christianization of kievan rus' in 988. coinciding with the general decline of the viking age, the influx of scandinavians to rus' stopped, and varangians were gradually assimilated by east slavs by the late 11th century.	eventually most of them, both in byzantium and in eastern europe, were converted from their ancestral norse religion to orthodox christianity, culminating in the christianization of kievan rus' in 988. coinciding with the general decline of the viking age, the influx of scandinavians to rus' stopped, and varangians were gradually assimilated by east slavs by the late 11th century.
president trump's tweet caused nordstrom's shares to temporarily fall, before soaring by 7%.	president trump's tweet caused nordstrom's shares to temporarily fall, before rising again by 7%.
the nearby hill stations are well known for their natural beauty , temples for its faith dimensions, sanctuary for animal and bird lovers.	the nearby hill stations are well known for their natural environment , temples for its faith dimensions, sanctuary for animal and bird lovers.
"in spite of their true faith, they were suspected by the ""old christians"" of being crypto-jews or crypto-muslims."	"in spite of their new faith, they were suspected by the ""old christians"" of being crypto-jews or crypto-muslims."
also, due to sebelius being term-limited in 2010 and owing to her being a popular democrat who has achieved election to statewide office in the heavily republican state, sebelius is also speculated as a possible democratic candidate for the us senate seat currently held by republican sam brownback, who has said he will not seek reelection in 2010. michael moore also speculated on his website michaelmoore.com that she may run for president in 2016.	also, due to sebelius being term-limited in 2010 and owing to her being a democrat who has achieved election to statewide office in the heavily republican state, sebelius is also speculated as a possible democratic candidate for the us senate seat currently held by republican sam brownback, who has said he will not seek reelection in 2010. michael moore also speculated on his website michaelmoore.com that she may run for president in 2016.
"a lesser-known element... and one that harmed far more people was the 'lavender scare', a witch-hunt mccarthy and others conducted against homosexuals."""	"a lesser-known element... and one that harmed far more people was the 'lavender scare', a moral panic mccarthy and others conducted against homosexuals."""
but there was little she could do: other members chose to devote meetings to practical matters like plumbing fixtures.	but there was little she could do: other members chose to devote meetings to mundane matters like plumbing fixtures.
this summer he will be presenting a shocking 'reality tv' show related to the computer-game addiction of his youngest son.	this summer he will be presenting a 'reality tv' show related to the computer-game addiction of his youngest son.
linux (also incorrectly known as gnu/linux; originally called freax by its initial developer) is a unix-like computer operating system originally developed by linus torvalds to allow him access to the university of helsinski's server, improve on minix, and teach him about the 80386 machine language .	linux (also known as gnu/linux; originally called freax by its initial developer) is a unix-like computer operating system originally developed by linus torvalds to allow him access to the university of helsinski's server, improve on minix, and teach him about the 80386 machine language .
terrorism is responsible for the death of 1,634 israelis since 14 may 1948.	palestinian violence is responsible for the death of 1,634 israelis since 14 may 1948.
robert john giroux (19312007) was an influential american college president and fundraiser.	robert john giroux (19312007) was an american college president and fundraiser.
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he will not accept demands that israel stop building in occupied east jerusalem.	israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu has said he will not accept demands that israel stop building in east jerusalem.
the russian navy dispatched three squadrons to the mediterranean, atlantic, and north sea to enforce this decree belly .	the russian navy dispatched three squadrons to the mediterranean, atlantic, and north sea to enforce this decree.
the first of the antipopes listed below, pope michael, began to promote the idea of a papal election in the late 1980s.	the first of the papal claimants listed below, pope michael, began to promote the idea of a papal election in the late 1980s.
sergei eduardovich prikhodko (born january 12, 1957 in moscow) is a russian statesman and diplomat.	sergei eduardovich prikhodko (born january 12, 1957 in moscow) is a russian politician and diplomat.
woodborough is a lovely small village near pewsey, wiltshire	woodborough is a small village near pewsey, wiltshire
neutral milk hotel was born after the end of synthetic flying machine, with an original line-up of will cullen hart and bill doss on guitar and bass and jeff magnum on drums.	neutral milk hotel was born after the end of synthetic flying machine, with an original line-up of will cullen hart and bill doss on guitar and bass and jeff mangum on drums.
protectmarriage.com reports support from over 1 million individuals.	protectmarriage.com claims support from over 1 million individuals.
she was awarded the afi life achievement award in 2004 and the kennedy center honor in 2011 for her contribution to american culture through performing arts, the youngest actress in each award's history.	she was awarded the afi life achievement award in 2004 and the kennedy center honor in 2011 for her contribution to american culture through performing arts, the youngest actor in each award's history.
the myth has its foundations in nazi propaganda that used rommel to highlight wehrmacht's prowess and instill optimism in the masses , with rommel a willing participant in the creation of his legend.	the myth has its foundations in nazi propaganda that used rommel to highlight wehrmacht's prowess and instill optimism in the german public , with rommel a willing participant in the creation of his legend.
the great yorkshire show, countryside live and the twice yearly prestigious harrogate flower shows take place there annually.	the great yorkshire show, countryside live and the twice yearly harrogate flower shows take place there annually.
the event brings over 50,000 visitors to beautiful christopher columbus waterfront park, on boston harbor, where they can meet the artists and craftspeople who are there to share a wide variety of art and high-end craft work, including painting, photography, ceramics, jewelry and sculpture, and much more.	the event brings over 50,000 visitors to christopher columbus waterfront park, on boston harbor, where they can meet the artists and craftspeople who are there to share a wide variety of art and high-end craft work, including painting, photography, ceramics, jewelry and sculpture, and much more.
four albums have followed so far on ato, including 2002's grammy-nominated 1000 kisses.	four albums have followed so far on ato, including 2002's 1000 kisses.
declared a national historic landmark in 1964, the rock art in little petroglyph canyon provides fascinating insights into the cultural heritage and knowledge of the deserts past.	declared a national historic landmark in 1964, the rock art in little petroglyph canyon provides insights into the cultural heritage and knowledge of the deserts past.
most recently, the 2009 recipient of this award, 44th u.s. president barack obama, has drawn criticism for the arguably premature timing of the award.	most recently, the 2009 recipient of this award, 44th u.s. president barack obama, has drawn criticism for the perceived premature timing of the award.
during the presidency of lvaro uribe, who was elected on the promise of applying military pressure on the farc and other criminal groups, some security indicators have improved, showing a decrease in reported kidnappings (from 3700 in the year 2000 to 800 in 2005) and a decrease of more than 48% in homicides between july 2002 and may 2005 and of the terrorist guerilla itself reduced from 16.900 insurgents to 8.900 insurgents.	during the presidency of lvaro uribe, who was elected on the promise of applying military pressure on the farc and other outlawed groups, some security indicators have improved, showing a decrease in reported kidnappings (from 3700 in the year 2000 to 800 in 2005) and a decrease of more than 48% in homicides between july 2002 and may 2005 and of the terrorist guerilla itself reduced from 16.900 insurgents to 8.900 insurgents.
with worsening conditions in somalia, rebels of the united somali congress (usc) led by mohamed farrah aidid attacked mogadishu and on january 26, 1991, barre's totalitarian government was taken out of power.	with worsening conditions in somalia, rebels of the united somali congress (usc) led by mohamed farrah aidid attacked mogadishu and on january 26, 1991, barre's government was taken out of power.
since 1947 expulsions of hindus from both the pakistani and indian ruled regions of the disputed territory of kashmir by islamist paramilitary groups.	since 1947 expulsions of hindus from both the pakistani and indian ruled regions of the disputed territory of kashmir by islamist militant groups.
eagle eye is a 2008 thriller film directed by d. j. caruso and starring shia labeouf and michelle monaghan.	eagle eye is a 2008 suspense film directed by d. j. caruso and starring shia labeouf and michelle monaghan.
the earliest mention of this term appears to have been made by aelfric of eynsham in c.1000 in his definition of hermafroditus (hermaphrodite):	the earliest mention of this term appears to have been made by lfric of eynsham in c.1000 in his definition of hermafroditus (hermaphrodite):
the explanation of these surprises stems from the fact that, as marks et al and, earlier, lane (1993) has shown , quality of life stems primarily from things like security for the future and networks of social contact.	the explanation of these surprises stems from the fact that, as marks et al and, earlier, lane (1993) has argued , quality of life stems primarily from things like security for the future and networks of social contact.
searching the house, authorities found a number of grisly items:	searching the house, authorities found a number of items:
the revised target left south africa needing 21 runs from one ball, which was a reduction of only one run compared to a reduction of two overs, and a preposterous target given that the maximum score from one ball is generally six runs.	the revised target left south africa needing 21 runs from one ball, which was a reduction of only one run compared to a reduction of two overs, and a virtually impossible target given that the maximum score from one ball is generally six runs.
the film focuses on a young hospice nurse who acquires a job at a spooky new orleans plantation home, and becomes entangled in a mystery involving the house, its former inhabitants, and the hoodoo rituals and magic that took place there.	the film focuses on a young hospice nurse who acquires a job at a new orleans plantation home, and becomes entangled in a mystery involving the house, its former inhabitants, and the hoodoo rituals and magic that took place there.
there are colourful frescoes and fascinating murals.	there are colourful frescoes and murals.
as nuclear plants get older and worldwide demand for energy increases, geh offers a wide range of valuable services that can improve performance, increase power output, and extend plant life.	as nuclear plants get older and worldwide demand for energy increases, geh offers a wide range of services that can improve performance, increase power output, and extend plant life.
their ep boygenius was written and recorded in just four days at sound city studios in l.a.	their ep boygenius was written and recorded in four days at sound city studios in l.a.
chomsky's support for israel shahak, author of jewish history, jewish religion: the weight of three thousand years, a book that claims that orthodox judaism is a fundamentally chauvinistic religion, has led to more accusations of anti-semitism.	chomsky's support for israel shahak, author of jewish history, jewish religion: the weight of three thousand years, a book that claims that judaism is a fundamentally chauvinistic religion, has led to more accusations of anti-semitism.
starring paige o'hara and robby benson, beauty and the beast focuses on the relationship between the beast (benson), a prince who is magically transformed into a monster as punishment for his arrogance, and belle (o'hara), a beautiful young woman who he imprisons in his castle.	starring paige o'hara and robby benson, beauty and the beast focuses on the relationship between the beast (benson), a prince who is magically transformed into a monster as punishment for his arrogance, and belle (o'hara), a young woman who he imprisons in his castle.
mr. garcia was the prosecutor in charge of the federal investigation against the disgraced former governor of new york, eliot spitzer.	mr. garcia was the prosecutor in charge of the federal investigation against the former governor of new york, eliot spitzer.
on the night of 13 december, she made contact with two japanese destroyers, and bravely began a submerged attack; the destroyers detected her, dropping a couple of depth charges, while sailfish fired two torpedoes.	on the night of 13 december, she made contact with two japanese destroyers, and began a submerged attack; the destroyers detected her, dropping a couple of depth charges, while sailfish fired two torpedoes.
liberty high is most known for their lackluster marching band that performs all over the country and also hosts the band spectacular every fall.	liberty high is most known for their marching band that performs all over the country and also hosts the band spectacular every fall.
"as a member of the prestigious instruction advisory board"" of tennis magazine for nineteen years he was featured in the ""classic instruction series from tennis magazine"" which included the following three books: ""tennis strokes & strategies"", ""tennis: how to play, how to win"", and ""teach yourself tennis!"""	"as a member of the instruction advisory board"" of tennis magazine for nineteen years he was featured in the ""classic instruction series from tennis magazine"" which included the following three books: ""tennis strokes & strategies"", ""tennis: how to play, how to win"", and ""teach yourself tennis!"""
these members receive the uea yearbook and enjoy the uea services.	these members receive the uea yearbook and receive the uea services.
this below shows the list of hits janet achieved on the billboard hot 100, r&b and overall charts in her illustrious music career:	this below shows the list of hits janet achieved on the billboard hot 100, r&b and overall charts in her music career:
accomplishments financial loss, beginnings of a great naval base	accomplishments financial loss, beginnings of a naval base
the buildings are complete reinforced concrete structures with superior reflective glass facades.	the buildings are complete reinforced concrete structures with reflective glass facades.
the families set up the 9/11 family steering committee to monitor the commission, providing them with hundreds of well-researched questions.	the families set up the 9/11 family steering committee to monitor the commission, providing them with hundreds of questions.
trayvon martin (19952012), american high school student murdered in florida	trayvon martin (19952012), american high school student killed in florida
the town is built around an inlet called queenstown bay on lake wakatipu, a long thin z-shaped lake formed by glacial processes, and has spectacular views of nearby mountains such as the remarkables, cecil peak, walter peak and just above the town; ben lomond and queenstown hill.	the town is built around an inlet called queenstown bay on lake wakatipu, a long thin z-shaped lake formed by glacial processes, and has views of nearby mountains such as the remarkables, cecil peak, walter peak and just above the town; ben lomond and queenstown hill.
clark leonard hull (may 24, 1884 may 10, 1952) was an influential american psychologist who sought to explain learning and motivation by scientific laws of behavior.	clark leonard hull (may 24, 1884 may 10, 1952) was an american psychologist who sought to explain learning and motivation by scientific laws of behavior.
walker (1990) presents an excellent overview of token systems and combining such procedures with other interventions in the classroom.	walker (1990) presents an overview of token systems and combining such procedures with other interventions in the classroom.
dominionism is a trend among socially conservative christians, described by sociologists, journalists and critics as being part of a movement to gain influence or control over secular civil government through political action; meaning, these activists seek either a nation dominated by christians, or a nation dominated by a christian understanding of biblical law.	dominionism is a trend among socially conservative christians, described by sociologists, journalists and others as being part of a movement to gain influence or control over secular civil government through political action; meaning, these activists seek either a nation dominated by christians, or a nation dominated by a christian understanding of biblical law.
unlike the other excluded candidates mentioned, mccarthy was a longstanding national figure and unlike all those who were in the debates, including bill clinton, mccarthy had run for the office in previous elections.	unlike the other excluded candidates mentioned, mccarthy was a longstanding national figure and unlike all those who were in the debates, including bill clinton, mccarthy had run for the president in previous elections.
the modern idea of an infinite series expansion of a function was conceived in india by madhava in the 14th century, who also developed precursors to the modern concepts of the power series, the taylor series, the maclaurin series, rational approximations of infinite series, and infinite continued fractions.	the idea of an infinite series expansion of a function was conceived in india by madhava in the 14th century, who also developed precursors to the modern concepts of the power series, the taylor series, the maclaurin series, rational approximations of infinite series, and infinite continued fractions.
female circumcision refers to a variety of mutilations performed on female genitalia.	female circumcision refers to a variety of operations performed on female genitalia.
bowie and visconti continued collaboration with the production of a new album of completely original songs instead.the result of the sessions was the 2002 album heathen, notable for its dark and atmospheric sound created by famed studio mixer daniel newman, and bowie's largest chart success in recent years.	bowie and visconti continued collaboration with the production of a new album of completely original songs instead.the result of the sessions was the 2002 album heathen, notable for its dark and atmospheric sound created by studio mixer daniel newman, and bowie's largest chart success in recent years.
the architecture of bangladesh can provide fascinating insight into the history and lives of the bangladeshi people.	the architecture of bangladesh can provide insight into the history and lives of the bangladeshi people.
tiqm faces a number of common misconceptions .	tiqm faces a number of common criticisms .
the uprising phase was marked by massive anti-regime opposition demonstrations against the ba'athist regime of bashar al-assad, meeting with police and military violence, massive arrests and brutal crackdown, resulting in hundreds of casualties and thousands of wounded.	the uprising phase was marked by massive anti-regime opposition demonstrations against the ba'athist government of bashar al-assad, meeting with police and military violence, massive arrests and brutal crackdown, resulting in hundreds of casualties and thousands of wounded.
in march 2008, thornberry claimed that almost every child in islington had been mugged at some stage.	in march 2008, thornberry said she suspected that almost every child in islington had been mugged at some stage.
he began his active duty military service on august 19. after completing sixteen weeks of officer candidate school at the u.s. naval training center in newport, rhode island, kerry received his officer's commission on december 16. in 2005, kerry relunctantly released his full military and medical records.	he began his active duty military service on august 19. after completing sixteen weeks of officer candidate school at the u.s. naval training center in newport, rhode island, kerry received his officer's commission on december 16. in 2005, kerry at last released his full military and medical records.
"del boy from bbc1's legendary comedy series only fools and horses, has ordered a singapore sling on a few occasions, along with other ""mad"" cocktails throughout the series (most notable are: baileys & cherryade and malibu & lucozade)."	"del boy from bbc1's comedy series only fools and horses, has ordered a singapore sling on a few occasions, along with other ""mad"" cocktails throughout the series (most notable are: baileys & cherryade and malibu & lucozade)."
milk served 11 months in office and was responsible for passing a stringent gay rights ordinance for the city.	milk served 11 months in office and was responsible for passing a very progressive gay rights ordinance for the city.
donald spitz is a controversial christian anti-abortion terrorist in the united states.	donald spitz is a controversial christian anti-abortion activist in the united states.
these hosts also offer additional services to the authors like statistics or other marketing gimmicks .	these hosts also offer additional services to the authors like statistics or other marketing features .
the swamini vato is a set of quotes and sayings written by h.d.h gunatitanand swami.	the swamini vato is a set of quotes and sayings written by gunatitanand swami.
national institute of technology sikkim, established in 2011 has its temporary campus in this picturesque town.	national institute of technology sikkim, established in 2011 has its temporary campus in this town.
angus & robertson (a&r) is an iconic online australian bookseller, book publisher and book printer.	angus & robertson (a&r) is an online australian bookseller, book publisher and book printer.
he is supposedly pro-choice on abortion (although he recieved a 20% rating from naral, indicating a pro-life record) and supports civil unions for gay couples.	he is generally considered pro-choice on abortion (although he recieved a 20% rating from naral, indicating a pro-life record) and supports civil unions for gay couples.
jordanhill is an affluent area of the west end of the city of glasgow, scotland.	jordanhill is an area of the west end of the city of glasgow, scotland.
"andrew gloated that ""he won"" and that his evil actions towards his mother was all part of a plan to make bree hate her son, since in andrew's warped mind it was better to make bree hate him for being evil and cruel towards her than being hated by his mother for simply being gay."	"andrew gloated that ""he won"" and that his evil actions towards his mother was all part of a plan to make bree hate her son, since in andrew's mind it was better to make bree hate him for being evil and cruel towards her than being hated by his mother for simply being gay."
"where it differs from a ""true"" axiomatic set theory book is its character: there are no long-winded discussions of axiomatic minutiae, and there is next to nothing about advanced topics like large cardinals."	"where it differs from a ""true"" axiomatic set theory book is its character: there are no discussions of axiomatic minutiae, and there is next to nothing about advanced topics like large cardinals."
adultery is expected and not viewed as a problem.	extra-marital sex is expected and not viewed as a problem.
pelikan is a german manufacturer of fine fountain pens and other writing, office and art equipment, credited with the invention of the differential-piston filling method.	pelikan is a german manufacturer of fountain pens and other writing, office and art equipment, credited with the invention of the differential-piston filling method.
"in an interview, moorehead supposedly acknowledged her same-sex orientation while identifying a number of other hollywood actresses who ""enjoyed lesbian or bi relationships""."	"in an interview, moorehead acknowledged her same-sex orientation while identifying a number of other hollywood actresses who ""enjoyed lesbian or bi relationships""."
"when susanna asked what was on the floor, the professor fibbed ""dust, only dust."""	"when susanna asked what was on the floor, the professor replied ""dust, only dust."""
"she also appeared in two episodes of the original star trek television series: ""the galileo seven"" and ""the way to eden"" and in a two-parter of the campy tv series batman."	"she also appeared in two episodes of the original star trek television series: ""the galileo seven"" and ""the way to eden"" and in a two-parter of the tv series batman."
for more than twenty years he has been releasing, to only marginal commercial and critical success, playful and transgressive albums on labels in the united kingdom, the united states, and japan.	for more than twenty years he has been releasing, to marginal commercial and critical success, playful and transgressive albums on labels in the united kingdom, the united states, and japan.
possessed is an influential american death metal band san francisco, california, originally formed in 1983. noted for their fast style of playing and becerra's guttural vocals, they have been cited as a great influence on the death metal genre.	possessed is an american death metal band san francisco, california, originally formed in 1983. noted for their fast style of playing and becerra's guttural vocals, they have been cited as a great influence on the death metal genre.
in mid-15th century, a muslim colony was founded in the unfriendly mangrove forest of the sundarbans near the coastline in the bagerhat district by an obscure saint-general, named khan jahan ali.	in mid-15th century, a muslim colony was founded in the unfriendly mangrove forest of the sundarbans near the coastline in the bagerhat district by an saint-general, named khan jahan ali.
with the exception of the off-campus observatory and satellite medical clinics, all of university's facilities are situated on its campus in the heart of nashville, only from downtown.	with the exception of the off-campus observatory and satellite medical clinics, all of university's facilities are situated on its campus in the heart of nashville, from downtown.
the interpretation of post-civil war reconstruction in the united states that dunning and his students propounded was the dominant theory taught in american schools until its assumptions became widely discredited after 1960. the viewpoint of dunning and his followers was warmly sympathetic to the former slave owners who had led the confederacy and they opposed voting by former slaves, after the war.	the interpretation of post-civil war reconstruction in the united states that dunning and his students propounded was the dominant theory taught in american schools until its assumptions became widely challenged after 1960. the viewpoint of dunning and his followers was warmly sympathetic to the former slave owners who had led the confederacy and they opposed voting by former slaves, after the war.
clara eleonore stinnes (known as clrenore; 21 january 1901 7 september 1990) was a german car racer; accompanied by the swedish cinematographer carl-axel sderstrm she was the first woman to circumnavigate the world by automobile.	clara eleonore stinnes (known as clrenore; 21 january 1901 7 september 1990) was a german car racer; accompanied by the swedish cinematographer carl-axel sderstrm she was the first person to circumnavigate the world by automobile.
"the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america (camera) is an american pro-israel , nonprofit, tax-exempt organization based in boston which describes itself as a ""media-monitoring, research and membership organization""."	"the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america (camera) is an american, nonprofit, tax-exempt organization based in boston which describes itself as a ""media-monitoring, research and membership organization""."
she was a cast member of the popular mtv reality television show, the city, a spinoff of the hills, where she acted as the long-time friend of whitney port.	she was a cast member of the mtv reality television show, the city, a spinoff of the hills, where she acted as the long-time friend of whitney port.
a recording exists in which gould claims the event took place in chicago.	a recording exists in which gould says the event took place in chicago.
michael peter fay (born may 30, 1975) is an american who briefly shot to worldwide infamy when he was sentenced to caning in singapore as an 18-year-old in 1994 for theft and vandalism.	michael peter fay (born may 30, 1975) is an american who briefly shot to worldwide notoriety when he was sentenced to caning in singapore as an 18-year-old in 1994 for theft and vandalism.
"hutchings royal ""hutch"" dano (born may 21, 1992) is an american actor, best known for his role as zeke in zeke & luther."	"hutchings royal ""hutch"" dano (born may 21, 1992) is an american actor, known for his role as zeke in zeke & luther."
brooke christa shields (born may 31, 1965) is an american actress, bestselling author and supermodel.	brooke christa shields (born may 31, 1965) is an american actress, author and supermodel.
his discoveries , published on barnard's website, led to the organization of the first italian meeting on modern money theory, held on february 25th-27th, 2012 in rimini.	his theories , published on barnard's website, led to the organization of the first italian meeting on modern money theory, held on february 25th-27th, 2012 in rimini.
horney distorted these needs somewhat to correspond with what she believed were individuals' neuroses.	horney modified these needs somewhat to correspond with what she believed were individuals' neuroses.
"comediennes french and saunders also parodied ""i should be so lucky"" in their television show in 1990 where the song features as an opera."	"comedians french and saunders also parodied ""i should be so lucky"" in their television show in 1990 where the song features as an opera."
the ie9 browser release scored only 18 faults in the test262 ecmascript conformace test (ver.	the ie9 browser release scored 18 faults in the test262 ecmascript conformace test (ver.
with few exceptions (such as robert m. price), scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that jesus was a jewish teacher from galilee who was regarded as a healer, was baptized by john the baptist, was accused of sedition against the roman empire, and on the orders of roman governor pontius pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion.	with a number of exceptions (such as robert m. price), scholars in the fields of biblical studies and history agree that jesus was a jewish teacher from galilee who was regarded as a healer, was baptized by john the baptist, was accused of sedition against the roman empire, and on the orders of roman governor pontius pilate was sentenced to death by crucifixion.
amiatlas v.6, it is a beautiful route planner tool for amiga computers.	amiatlas v.6, it is a complete route planner tool for amiga computers.
in 2006, vas ran for the u.s. house of representatives, seeking to fill the seat robert menendez vacated to become a u.s. senator, but was trounced by albio sires in the june primary, capturing about one quarter of the vote.	in 2006, vas ran for the u.s. house of representatives, seeking to fill the seat robert menendez vacated to become a u.s. senator, but was defeated by albio sires in the june primary, capturing about one quarter of the vote.
this was the vaishnavism of chaitanya mahaprabhu, the great bhakti preacher of bengal, which stressed krishna bhakti .	this was the vaishnavism of chaitanya mahaprabhu, the bhakti preacher of bengal, which stressed krishna bhakti .
the anime succeeded wildly beyond expectation and has spawned countless derivative works and imitators.	the anime succeeded beyond expectation and has spawned countless derivative works and imitators.
sipson is a very small village in the london borough of hillingdon situated near the northern perimeter of london heathrow airport and 14.3 miles (23 km) west of charing cross.	sipson is a small village in the london borough of hillingdon situated near the northern perimeter of london heathrow airport and 14.3 miles (23 km) west of charing cross.
polk had furtively instructed the pacific naval squadron to seize the california ports in case mexico declared war.	polk had instructed the pacific naval squadron to seize the california ports in case mexico declared war.
he was controversial for his alleged use of submarine patents to extract over 1.3 billion dollars from major corporations in a variety of industries.	he was controversial for his alleged use of submarine patents to negotiate licenses worth over 1.3 billion dollars from major corporations in a variety of industries.
wildly incorrect estimates of the cost of contraception	incorrect estimates of the cost of contraception
their widows both attended the ceremony for the statue which memorializes the great gesture of pee wee and of teammates overcoming the racial barrier.	their widows both attended the ceremony for the statue which memorializes the gesture of pee wee and of teammates overcoming the racial barrier.
the well-regarded team specifically addressed societal issues, with murdock, now running a non-profit urban legal center, confronting sexism, racism and nuclear proliferation while fighting supervillains.	the team specifically addressed societal issues, with murdock, now running a non-profit urban legal center, confronting sexism, racism and nuclear proliferation while fighting supervillains.
the main drive to the mansion was from the east gate (opposite otterpool lane) so visitors could enjoy breathtaking views towards the romney marsh.	the main drive to the mansion was from the east gate (opposite otterpool lane) so visitors could enjoy views towards the romney marsh.
also the sixth commandment you shall not murder (exodus 20:13) has been viewed as an instruction for pacifism.	also the commandment you shall not murder (exodus 20:13) has been viewed as an instruction for pacifism.
rear admiral isaac c. kidd, senior officer of the fleet, and captain franklin van valkenburgh, commander of the uss arizona, both courageously rushed to the bridge of arizona and organized the defense until killed by a bomb that hit the bridge.	rear admiral isaac c. kidd, senior officer of the fleet, and captain franklin van valkenburgh, commander of the uss arizona, both rushed to the bridge of arizona and organized the defense until killed by a bomb that hit the bridge.
"dhuka al-rumi (""doukas the greek"") was a byzantine greek renegade who served the abbasid caliphate, most notably as governor of egypt in 915919."	"dhuka al-rumi (""doukas the greek"") was a byzantine greek , who served the abbasid caliphate, most notably as governor of egypt in 915919."
north american printings of the amber spyglass have edited passages describing lyra's incipient sexuality, which pullman intends as a reevaluation of the tale of adam and eve.	north american printings of the amber spyglass have censored passages describing lyra's incipient sexuality, which pullman intends as a reevaluation of the tale of adam and eve.
magnum t.a., the original choice, was forced out of in-ring competition following a tragic car accident and buddy landel was fired for drug use on the day he was to win the title.	magnum t.a., the original choice, was forced out of in-ring competition following a car accident and buddy landel was fired for drug use on the day he was to win the title.
torr was an english music hall comedienne , soprano and dancer.	torr was an english music hall comedian , soprano and dancer.
shalby hospital is a leading multi-speciality private hospital based in ahmedabad.	shalby hospital is a multi-speciality private hospital based in ahmedabad.
white was raised in fritch, texas, a small hick town in the texas panhandle, about 35 miles northeast of amarillo.	white was raised in fritch, texas, a small town in the texas panhandle, about 35 miles northeast of amarillo.
because of its perceived italian association, lasagne is the favourite food of fictional italian characters such as mario (as stated in the adventures of super mario bros. 3) and joey tribbiani from friends (who is of italian descent).	because of its italian association, lasagne is the favourite food of fictional italian characters such as mario (as stated in the adventures of super mario bros. 3) and joey tribbiani from friends (who is of italian descent).
on april 28, 2006, she appeared on danish television , defending her incomprehensible behavior by stating that she could have pushed the flight attendant away accidentally while she slept, because he was bent over her attempting to adjust her seat.	on april 28, 2006, she appeared on danish television , defending her behavior by stating that she could have pushed the flight attendant away accidentally while she slept, because he was bent over her attempting to adjust her seat.
in mathematics, an isomorphism (in greek isos = equal and morphe = shape) is a kind of interesting mapping between objects.	in mathematics, an isomorphism (in greek isos = equal and morphe = shape) is a kind of mapping between objects.
if a program is free, then it can potentially be included in a free operating system such as gnu, or free versions of the gnu/ linux system.	if a program is free, then it can potentially be included in a free operating system such as gnu, or free versions of the linux system.
the first comic book character called red tornado is a fictional character, a superhero ine in the dc comics universe, debuting during the golden age of comic books.	the first comic book character called red tornado is a fictional character, a superhero in the dc comics universe, debuting during the golden age of comic books.
the striking cross-linguistical similarities between these terms are thought to result from the nature of language acquisition (jakobson 1962).	the cross-linguistical similarities between these terms are thought to result from the nature of language acquisition (jakobson 1962).
he is notorious for the kiss and betrayal of jesus to the sanhedrin for thirty silver coins.	he is known for the kiss and betrayal of jesus to the sanhedrin for thirty silver coins.
situated on dozens of acres in wisconsin's beautiful northwoods, camp menominee is one of the largest area summer camps in terms of physical size.	situated on dozens of acres in wisconsin's northwoods, camp menominee is one of the largest area summer camps in terms of physical size.
the punishment is imposed even if the thief repents.	the punishment is carried out even if the thief repents.
radio shock-jock howard stern was one of the executive producers.	radio talk show host howard stern was one of the executive producers.
the motivation for this bizarre-sounding practice is not obvious to many people.	the motivation for this practice is not obvious to many people.
the second goal came on the half hour mark, when he met mame biram diouf's cross with instant control, before firing a sublime right foot shot into the top corner.	the second goal came on the half hour mark, when he met mame biram diouf's cross with instant control, before firing a right foot shot into the top corner.
meanwhile, the great suffering experienced by china in world war ii, such as the nanking massacre and unit 731, began a running tradition of anti-japanese sentiment in china, which continues to this day.	meanwhile, the suffering experienced by china in world war ii, such as the nanking massacre and unit 731, began a running tradition of anti-japanese sentiment in china, which continues to this day.
bible belt is an informal term for an area of the united states in which socially conservative evangelical protestantism is a dominant part of the culture and christian church attendance across the denominations is extremely high.	bible belt is an informal term for an area of the united states in which socially conservative evangelical protestantism is a significant part of the culture and christian church attendance across the denominations is extremely high.
travunia (also travunja) was a medieval serbian state located near trebinje in today's eastern herzegovina (modern day bosnia and herzegovina), and southern dalmatia (modern day republic of croatia).	travunia (also travunja) was a medieval slavic state located near trebinje in today's eastern herzegovina (modern day bosnia and herzegovina), and southern dalmatia (modern day republic of croatia).
the indians began their playoff run by decisively defeating the new york yankees in the american league division series, 3 games to 1. the indians advanced to the american league championship series and played the boston red sox.	the indians began their playoff run by defeating the new york yankees in the american league division series, 3 games to 1. the indians advanced to the american league championship series and played the boston red sox.
two wise books by french authors take a critical look at france's tradition of america-bashing and try to explain its persistence	two books by french authors take a critical look at france's tradition of america-bashing and try to explain its persistence
"governor spitzer made his iconic rise to victory in new york city politics promising ""ethics and integrity to be the hallmarks of his administration."""	"governor spitzer made his rise to victory in new york city politics promising ""ethics and integrity to be the hallmarks of his administration."""
it seems to be certain that francis of assisi at the beginning had no intention of forming his disciples into an order, but only of making a great brotherhood of all those who were prepared to carry out in their lives certain of the greater and more arduous of the maxims of the gospel; the formation of the franciscan order was necessitated by the success of the movement and the wonderful rapidity with which it spread.	it seems to be certain that francis of assisi at the beginning had no intention of forming his disciples into an order, but only of making a great brotherhood of all those who were prepared to carry out in their lives certain of the greater and more arduous of the maxims of the gospel; the formation of the franciscan order was necessitated by the success of the movement and the rapidity with which it spread.
although practitioners can eschew any formal constraints, they often use particular forms and conventions to convey narration and speech, or to evoke emotional or sensual responses.	although practitioners can eschew any formal constraints, they often use particular forms and conventions to convey narration and speech, or to evoke emotional or sensuous responses.
amendment xvi (the sixteenth amendment) of the united states constitution was unconstitutionally ratified on february 3, 1913.	amendment xvi (the sixteenth amendment) of the united states constitution was ratified on february 3, 1913.
shokichi iyanaga, 100, influential japanese mathematician	shokichi iyanaga, 100, japanese mathematician
although democrats have a slight plurality in registration, the 1st is a rock-ribbed conservative district.	although democrats have a slight plurality in registration, the 1st is a conservative district.
more controversially, it called in 1929 for re- conversion of muslims to hinduism.	more controversially, it called in 1929 for conversion of muslims to hinduism.
in cooperation with global islamic philanthropy, an association of muslim-based foundations in indonesia, wm foundation distributes donations to humanitarian crisis zones such as rohingya, israel , syria and somalia.	in cooperation with global islamic philanthropy, an association of muslim-based foundations in indonesia, wm foundation distributes donations to humanitarian crisis zones such as rohingya, palestine , syria and somalia.
"the ""last bible"" part is actually a misnomer, with the game having very little to do with the holy bible except for the major antagonist being named lucifer."	"the ""last bible"" part is actually a misnomer, with the game having very little to do with the bible except for the major antagonist being named lucifer."
many critics, including prominent intellectuals like noam chomsky, as well as anti-westerners generally, have condemned nato's military campaign in yugoslavia, particularly its bombing campaign.	many critics, including intellectuals like noam chomsky, as well as anti-westerners generally, have condemned nato's military campaign in yugoslavia, particularly its bombing campaign.
the artworks in sensation were from the collection of charles saatchi, a leading collector and publiciser of contemporary shock art.	the artworks in sensation were from the collection of charles saatchi, a leading collector and publiciser of contemporary art.
in 2001 it became a member of the prestigious association of american universities (aau), an invitation-only organization of the top 62 research universities in the u.s. the university generates $160 million annually in external research funding and has an annual $2.5 billion economic impact on the region.	in 2001 it became a member of the association of american universities (aau), an invitation-only organization of the top 62 research universities in the u.s. the university generates $160 million annually in external research funding and has an annual $2.5 billion economic impact on the region.
the aids reappraisal movement or aids dissident movement, also pejoratively referred to as aids denialism, is a loosely connected group of individuals who dispute the scientific consensus that the human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) is the cause of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (aids).	the aids reappraisal movement or aids dissident movement, also referred to as aids denialism, is a loosely connected group of individuals who dispute the scientific consensus that the human immunodeficiency virus (hiv) is the cause of acquired immune deficiency syndrome (aids).
when dealing with clients or patients, health practitioners are advised to take note of the pronouns used by the person themselves, which may involve using different pronouns at different times.	when dealing with clients or patients, health practitioners are advised to take note of the pronouns used by the individuals themselves, which may involve using different pronouns at different times.
if the patient is under 18 years of age and combines with other antidepressant medications it may greatly increase the possibility of suicidal thoughts or actions.	if the patient is under 18 years of age and combines with other antidepressant medications it may increase the possibility of suicidal thoughts or actions.
on november 25, 1977, the military commission found aquino along with his two co-accused, npa leaders bernabe buscayno (commander dante) and lt. victor corpuz, guilty of all charges and sentenced them to death by firing squad.	on november 25, 1977, the military commission charged aquino along with his two co-accused, npa leaders bernabe buscayno (commander dante) and lt. victor corpuz, guilty of all charges and sentenced them to death by firing squad.
irving's status as a historian has been discredited	irving's status as a historian has been disputed
other fees are pilfered from gift cards and bank accounts.	other fees are taken from gift cards and bank accounts.
during one episode, she fantasized (along with all the other main characters) about marrying elliot, although her fantasy seemed unsettlingly sincere.	during one episode, she fantasized (along with all the other main characters) about marrying elliot, although her fantasy seemed sincere.
principle of least action interactive excellent interactive explanation/webpage	principle of least action interactive interactive explanation/webpage
the factors with the greatest impact are housing (34%), transportation (25%), consumer (11%), private services (9%), public services (8%), food (8%), and capital investment (5%).	the factors with the greatest impact are housing (34%), transport (25%), consumer (11%), private services (9%), public services (8%), food (8%), and capital investment (5%).
galvin green is a high-performance golf clothing brand that provides garments to golfers in more than 20 countries worldwide.	galvin green is a golf clothing brand that provides garments to golfers in more than 20 countries worldwide.
lee bay is a small picturesque village on the north devon coast near woolacombe.	lee bay is a small village on the north devon coast near woolacombe.
in 2005, she founded the committee to reduce infection deaths (rid) and serves as its chairman .	in 2005, she founded the committee to reduce infection deaths (rid) and serves as its chairperson .
"he was among the first journalists to enter jenin refugee camp in the west bank after the bitterly controversial israeli assault in april 2002. blair's front page report on the palestinian suffering caused by this attack, headlined ""blasted to rubble by the israelis"", attracted considerable attention as the daily telegraph had always been perceived as favourable to israel."	"he was among the first journalists to enter jenin refugee camp in the west bank after the controversial israeli assault in april 2002. blair's front page report on the palestinian suffering caused by this attack, headlined ""blasted to rubble by the israelis"", attracted considerable attention as the daily telegraph had always been perceived as favourable to israel."
internationally the party has recently supported neoconservative policies, especially the war on terror, the military invasions in both afghanistan and iraq, and strong support for democracy, especially in the middle east.	internationally the party has recently supported neoconservative policies, especially the war on terror, the military effort in both afghanistan and iraq, and strong support for democracy, especially in the middle east.
charity navigator, an independent rating group, rated the foundation with three out of four stars.	charity navigator, an independent rating group, rated the foundation with four out of four stars.
ahn jung-geun or an jung-geun (september 2, 1879 - march 26, 1910) (christian name: thomas) was a korean nationalist and a pan-asianist who assassinated the first prime minister of japan, it hirobumi, following the signing of the eulsa treaty, with korea on the verge of annexation by japan.	ahn jung-geun or an jung-geun (september 2, 1879 - march 26, 1910) (christian name: thomas) was a korean independence activist and a pan-asianist who assassinated the first prime minister of japan, it hirobumi, following the signing of the eulsa treaty, with korea on the verge of annexation by japan.
samina ahmad is a legendary pakistani television actress, stage performer, producer and director.	samina ahmad is a pakistani television actress, stage performer, producer and director.
this region is now completely under the control of the separatist nagorno-karabakh republic, who call it kashunik, after capturing it during the nagorno-karabakh war.	this region is now completely under the control of the nagorno-karabakh republic, who call it kashunik, after capturing it during the nagorno-karabakh war.
"chris rock references the song in his 1997 album roll with the new on his infamous ""niggas vs. black people"" routine, calling the song a ""welfare carol""."	"chris rock references the song in his 1997 album roll with the new on his ""niggas vs. black people"" routine, calling the song a ""welfare carol""."
later, brown played a crucial role in the campaign surrounding the scottish independence referendum of 2014, galvanising support behind maintaining the union.	later, brown played a prominent role in the campaign surrounding the scottish independence referendum of 2014, galvanising support behind maintaining the union.
he met his death while saving the lives of others; he died on november 12, 1939, of blood poisoning from a cut wound he received during a surgery, whilst with the communist party of china's legendary eighth route army in the midst of the second sino-japanese war.	he met his death while saving the lives of others; he died on november 12, 1939, of blood poisoning from a cut wound he received during a surgery, whilst with the communist party of china's eighth route army in the midst of the second sino-japanese war.
marsha warfield (class of 1971), actress, comedienne , talk show host (night court, the marsha warfield show).	marsha warfield (class of 1971), actress, comedian , talk show host (night court, the marsha warfield show).
some of the great rail dancers in skiing are tom wallisch and ian cosco.	some of the rail dancers in skiing are tom wallisch and ian cosco.
as well as a steady stream of books by fat activists challenging the medical myth/assumption that fat = unhealthy , and highlighting the issue of weight-based discrimination that the fat face by the community and medical professionals.	as well as a steady stream of books by fat activists challenging the medical belief that fat = unhealthy , and highlighting the issue of weight-based discrimination that the fat face by the community and medical professionals.
the village's picturesque location beside the trent attracts walkers, picnickers and casual visitors in summer, centred on the riverside pub/restaurant (was called the bromley arms, renamed as the bromley at fiskerton in 2014) and used as a friendly caf-type base also serving snacks and refreshments.	the village's location beside the trent attracts walkers, picnickers and casual visitors in summer, centred on the riverside pub/restaurant (was called the bromley arms, renamed as the bromley at fiskerton in 2014) and used as a friendly caf-type base also serving snacks and refreshments.
it is the most successful unix-branded desktop operating system on the web; and is estimated at approximately five times the usage of linux (which has 1.01%).	it is the most widely-used unix-branded desktop operating system on the web; and is estimated at approximately five times the usage of linux (which has 1.01%).
this was due to a fault in their digital rights management software implementation which they use as a method of combating pirated copies of the software.	this was due to a fault in their digital rights management software implementation which they use as a method of combating infringing copies of the software.
since the occupation of east jerusalem in 1967, jewish organizations have sought to build a jewish presence in silwan.	since the occupation of east jerusalem in 1967, jewish organizations have sought to re-establish a jewish presence in silwan.
in 1972, during the vietnam war, alito received a coveted commission in the army reserves.	in 1972, during the vietnam war, alito received a commission in the army reserves.
in jammu and kashmir, india, the violent islamic insurgency has specifically targeted the hindu kashmiri pandit minority and 400,000 have either been murdered or displaced.	in jammu and kashmir, india, the violent separatist insurgency has specifically targeted the hindu kashmiri pandit minority and 400,000 have either been murdered or displaced.
he also supported an extension of the hatch act of 1939, an important law that prevented federal employees from being forced to take part in state election campaigns.	he also supported an extension of the hatch act of 1939, an law that prevented federal employees from being forced to take part in state election campaigns.
thomas pink is a retail ultra- luxury clothing business started in london in 1984, by three irish brothers james, peter and john mullen.	thomas pink is a retail luxury clothing business started in london in 1984, by three irish brothers james, peter and john mullen.
"jokes about mrs. slocombe's ""pussy"" (a sexual double entendre which became a byword for unfunny vulgar humour) or john inman's parody of an effeminate gay man, offensive to many gay people."	"jokes about mrs. slocombe's ""pussy"" (a sexual double entendre which became a byword for vulgar humour) or john inman's parody of an effeminate gay man, offensive to many gay people."
the background for the story is the approaching confrontation between women's rights groups and right-to-life lunatics .	the background for the story is the approaching confrontation between women's rights groups and right-to-life fanatics .
"autonomy (ancient greek: autonomia from autonomos from - auto- ""self"" + nomos, ""law"" ""one who gives oneself his /her own law"") is a concept found in moral, political, and bioethical philosophy."	"autonomy (ancient greek: autonomia from autonomos from - auto- ""self"" + nomos, ""law"" ""one who gives oneself his own law"") is a concept found in moral, political, and bioethical philosophy."
the 1990s sitcom dinnerladies, written by comedienne victoria wood who was brought up near ramsbottom, used lancashire accents, and the accrington actress, mina anwar portrayed the lancastrian police officer habeeb in the thin blue line.	the 1990s sitcom dinnerladies, written by comedian victoria wood who was brought up near ramsbottom, used lancashire accents, and the accrington actress, mina anwar portrayed the lancastrian police officer habeeb in the thin blue line.
the woodvilles, though an old and respectable family, were genteel rather than noble, a reasonably landed and wealthy family that had previously produced commissioners of the peace, sheriffs, and mps rather than peers of the realm.	the woodvilles, though an old and respectable family, were genteel rather than noble, a landed and wealthy family that had previously produced commissioners of the peace, sheriffs, and mps rather than peers of the realm.
the next year in the 2009 african junior championships her name was added to the records for the 800 m and 1500 m races with the times of 1:56.72 and 4:08.01 respectively.	the next year in the 2009 african junior championships the semenya name was added to the records for the 800 m and 1500 m races with the times of 1:56.72 and 4:08.01 respectively.
in march 2005, israel publicly honored the surviving perpetrators and president moshe katsav presented each with a certificate of appreciation for their efforts on behalf of the state, ending decades of official denial by israel.	in march 2005, israel publicly honored the surviving operatives, and president moshe katsav presented each with a certificate of appreciation for their efforts on behalf of the state, ending decades of official denial by israel.
arpaio argued that only he could order his deputies actions and the court had no authority to enforce any action against a deputy, a position that the appeals court soundly rejected in stoddard's appeal.	arpaio argued that only he could order his deputies actions and the court had no authority to enforce any action against a deputy, a position that the appeals court rejected in stoddard's appeal.
2003 usps stamp featuring chvez and the fields that were so important to himcsar estrada chvez (march 311927 april 231993) was an american farm worker, labor leader, and activist who co-founded the national farm workers association, which later became the united farm workers.	2003 usps stamp featuring chvez and the fields that were so important to himcsar estrada chvez (march 311927 april 231993) was a mexican- american farm worker, labor leader, and activist who co-founded the national farm workers association, which later became the united farm workers.
the december 2001 riots were a period of civil unrest and rioting in argentina, which took place during december 2001, with the worst incidents taking place on december 19 and december 20 in the capital, buenos aires.	the december 2001 riots were a period of civil unrest and rioting in argentina, which took place during december 2001, with the most violent incidents taking place on december 19 and december 20 in the capital, buenos aires.
some still do not believe that the eu will achieve superpower status.	some commenters do not believe that the eu will achieve superpower status.
broadbent came to the diocese of london in 1980 to be curate of emmanuel church, holloway and the bishop of stepney's chaplain for mission.	broadbent moved to the diocese of london in 1980 to be curate of emmanuel church, holloway and the bishop of stepney's chaplain for mission.
the supreme court had decided to take up the case, overriding the court of appeals, but before they could hear the case, the extended period granted by congress had been exhausted without the necessary number of states, thus rendering the case moot.	the supreme court had decided to take up the case, bypassing the court of appeals, but before they could hear the case, the extended period granted by congress had been exhausted without the necessary number of states, thus rendering the case moot.
the refusal of jehovah's witnesses to accept blood transfusions has demanded advances in the medical practice of bloodless surgery.	the refusal of jehovah's witnesses to accept blood transfusions has resulted in advances in the medical practice of bloodless surgery.
in may 1989, segal founded the jewish peace lobby, which would act as a counterweight to the right-wing american israel public affairs committee (aipac).	in may 1989, segal founded the jewish peace lobby, which would act as a counterweight to the american israel public affairs committee (aipac).
after the fall of seringapatam and martyr of tippu sultan on 4 may 1799, all family members of the tipu sultan were sent to vellore fort and kept under custody of the east india company.	after the fall of seringapatam and death of tippu sultan on 4 may 1799, all family members of the tipu sultan were sent to vellore fort and kept under custody of the east india company.
vestiges of a neutral gender	vestiges of a neuter gender
in march 2015 sky sports aired a documentary film chronicling his remarkable life story entitled black & blue: the paul canoville story.	in march 2015 sky sports aired a documentary film chronicling his life story entitled black & blue: the paul canoville story.
elaine brown grew up in the ghetto of north philadelphia with her mother dorothy clark and an absent father.	elaine brown grew up in the inner city of north philadelphia with her mother dorothy clark and an absent father.
boeing-boeing is a classic farce written by the french playwright marc camoletti.	boeing-boeing is a farce written by the french playwright marc camoletti.
jumong airs on the philippines through gma 7 .it is set to rival princess hours, a korean series aired on its rival channel, abs-cbn.	jumong airs on the philippines through gma network .it is set to rival princess hours, a korean series aired on its rival channel, abs-cbn.
the argument for a spiritual cause may include a belief that the pious nature of the individual in some way permeated the flesh (a metaphysical cause having a physical effect), or a belief that decomposition was prevented by the intervention of god .	the argument for a spiritual cause may include a belief that the pious nature of the individual in some way permeated the flesh (a metaphysical cause having a physical effect), or a belief that decomposition was prevented by the intervention of a deity .
as presently it is uncertain who could be a canaanite, the commandment is not being practiced.	as presently it is uncertain who could be a canaanite, this genocidal commandment is not being practiced.
when compared to cities of similar size, vacaville ranks 3rd in having the lowest crime level, first in northern california, due in part to its pompous police department.	when compared to cities of similar size, vacaville ranks 3rd in having the lowest crime level, first in northern california, due in part to its police department.
"colorful u.s. congressman james traficant, who was later expelled from congress after being convicted of corruption, adapted the catch phrase ""beam me up"" in his trademark one-minute rants on the floor of the house of representatives."	"u.s. congressman james traficant, who was later expelled from congress after being convicted of corruption, adapted the catch phrase ""beam me up"" in his trademark one-minute rants on the floor of the house of representatives."
nile ranger (born 11 april 1991) is an english footballer who plays badly as a striker for premier league club newcastle united.	nile ranger (born 11 april 1991) is an english footballer who plays as a striker for premier league club newcastle united.
from hispanics to irishmen, polish to blacks, arabs to rednecks, republican and democrats alike, no person and no group is safe from his wit and his piano.	from hispanics to irishmen, polish to blacks, arabs to rednecks, republican and democrats alike, no person and no group is safe from his jokes and his piano.
"he is known for being the last amban in tibet, appointed in march, 1908. formerly director-general of the sichuan - hubei railway and acting viceroy of sichuan province, he was the infamous chinese general of the late imperial era who led military campaigns throughout kham (eastern tibet) and eventually reaching lhasa in 1910, thus earning himself the nickname ""zhao the butcher""."	"he is known for being the last amban in tibet, appointed in march, 1908. formerly director-general of the sichuan - hubei railway and acting viceroy of sichuan province, he was the much maligned chinese general of the late imperial era who led military campaigns throughout kham (eastern tibet) and eventually reaching lhasa in 1910, thus earning himself the nickname ""zhao the butcher""."
an interesting earlier songbook is the golden book of favorite songs (chicago: hall & mccreary, 1915).	an earlier songbook is the golden book of favorite songs (chicago: hall & mccreary, 1915).
he realized that madonna directed the lyrics to her past relationships with actor warren beatty and comedienne sandra bernhard.	he realized that madonna directed the lyrics to her past relationships with actor warren beatty and comedian sandra bernhard.
yolngu boy is a groundbreaking 2001 australian drama film that follows three yolngu teenagers as they make the transition from childhood to adulthood.	yolngu boy is a 2001 australian drama film that follows three yolngu teenagers as they make the transition from childhood to adulthood.
water towers are very common around london suburbs.	water towers are common around london suburbs.
president barack obama and cia director john o. brennan met with saudi-dominated gulf cooperation council (gcc) leaders in riyadh, saudi arabia, on april 21, 2016	president barack obama and cia director john o. brennan met with gulf cooperation council (gcc) leaders in riyadh, saudi arabia, on april 21, 2016
"within sociology, several left-wing academics who track (and are critical of) extreme right-wing groups have objected to the term ""extremist"", which was popularized by centrist sociologists in the 1960s and 1970s."	"within sociology, several academics who track (and are critical of) extreme right-wing groups have objected to the term ""extremist"", which was popularized by centrist sociologists in the 1960s and 1970s."
the term quantum mysticism is used pejoratively by skeptical scientists to discount the idea that quantum theory supports mystical beliefs.	the term quantum mysticism is used pejoratively by skeptical scientists to describe the idea that quantum theory supports mystical beliefs.
these episodes, however, were not voiced or narrated by paul nicholas; instead, comedienne jane horrocks was given the role of the narration and voices of these episodes.	these episodes, however, were not voiced or narrated by paul nicholas; instead, comedian jane horrocks was given the role of the narration and voices of these episodes.
juliet anne virginia stevenson, cbe (born 30 october 1956) is an english actress of stage and screen.	juliet anne virginia stevenson, cbe (born 30 october 1956) is an english actor of stage and screen.
"san antonio spurs superstar tim duncan is considered an ""international"" player because he was born in the united states virgin islands even though he, like all other usvi natives, is a u.s. citizen by birth, and also has played for the u.s. national team."	"san antonio spurs center tim duncan is considered an ""international"" player because he was born in the united states virgin islands even though he, like all other usvi natives, is a u.s. citizen by birth, and also has played for the u.s. national team."
as successful self-determination movements spread throughout africa after world war ii, radical mozambicans became progressively nationalistic in outlook, and increasingly frustrated by the nation's continued subservience to foreign rule.	as successful self-determination movements spread throughout africa after world war ii, many mozambicans became progressively nationalistic in outlook, and increasingly frustrated by the nation's continued subservience to foreign rule.
the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film by british television producer martin durkin which rails against prominent scientific views on global warming.	the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film by british television producer martin durkin which argues against prominent scientific views on global warming.
stefan banach (march 30, 1892 in krakw, part of poland under the occupation of austria-hungary august 31, 1945 in l'viv, soviet union), was a polish mathematician, one of the moving spirits of the lww school of mathematics in pre-war poland.	stefan banach (march 30, 1892 in krakw, part of poland under the occupation of austria-hungary august 31, 1945 in l'viv, soviet union), was an eminent polish mathematician, one of the moving spirits of the lww school of mathematics in pre-war poland.
sebastian tromp, a dutch jesuit, a solid scholastic theologian and close to pope pius xii, is considered to have been the main though unacknowledged author of mystici corporis.	sebastian tromp, a dutch jesuit, a scholastic theologian and close to pope pius xii, is considered to have been the main though unacknowledged author of mystici corporis.
the gorgeous big brother 2007 contestant chanelle hayes is from a village, middlestown, in wakefield .	the big brother 2007 contestant chanelle hayes is from a village, middlestown, in wakefield.
zoe slater is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michelle ryan.	zoe slater is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michelle ryan.
chafee has shown some willingness to deviate from harsh drug war policies in favor of more lenient approaches.	chafee has shown some willingness to deviate from strict drug war policies in favor of more lenient approaches.
"heimlich and his wife have four children: phil heimlich, a former cincinnati elected official turned conservative christian radio talk-show host; peter heimlich, whose website documents what he calls his father's ""wide-ranging, unseen 50-year history of fraud""; janet heimlich, a freelance reporter; and elisabeth heimlich."	"heimlich and his wife have four children: phil heimlich, a former cincinnati elected official turned conservative christian radio talk-show host; peter heimlich, whose website describes what he calls his father's ""wide-ranging, unseen 50-year history of fraud""; janet heimlich, a freelance reporter; and elisabeth heimlich."
in 2008, scottevest /sev released its fifth-generation product line with the fleece 5.0 and quantum jacket.	in 2008, scottevest released its fifth-generation product line with the fleece 5.0 and quantum jacket.
"in the mid 1980s, larry and several others staged conferences for former members of great commission international to help them ""recover from the emotional and psychological damage they'd experienced"" while in the movement."	"in the mid 1980s, larry and several others held conferences for former members of great commission international to help them ""recover from the emotional and psychological damage they'd experienced"" while in the movement."
"rather than a standard open drive which allows for the ""drag and drop"" capability, the ipod uses a tricky file storage system which distributes loaded content through a series of folders, seemingly indiscriminately, so the owner is forced to rely on their software, and in turn, helps boost itunes download sales."	"rather than a standard open drive which allows for the ""drag and drop"" capability, the ipod uses a file storage system which distributes loaded content through a series of folders, seemingly indiscriminately, so the owner is forced to rely on their software, and in turn, helps boost itunes download sales."
simmons is a fan of legendary rock band phish.	simmons is a fan of the rock band phish.
list of english words of old norse origin many of which have close cognates in modern norwegian and other scandinavian languages descended from old norse.	list of english words of old norse origin many of which have close cognates in modern norwegian and other languages descended from old norse.
devildriver is a mallcore band based out of california, usa.their debut album is the self-titled devildriver released on october 23, 2003 under roadrunner records.	devildriver is a metal band based out of california, usa.their debut album is the self-titled devildriver released on october 23, 2003 under roadrunner records.
parisroubaix espoirs is an prestigious cycling race for riders under the age of 23. the race was first run in 1976. winners who went on to become famous pros include yaroslav popovych, thor hushovd, stephen roche, and frdric moncassin.	parisroubaix espoirs is an amateur cycling race for riders under the age of 23. the race was first run in 1976. winners who went on to become famous pros include yaroslav popovych, thor hushovd, stephen roche, and frdric moncassin.
many consensual crimes are only viewed as crimes in some jurisdictions, including:	many consensual sexual actions or activities are only viewed as crimes in some jurisdictions, including:
in 1934, over 700,000 delusional people participated in the reichserntedankfest rally (thanksgiving celebration of the reich) which took place in bckeberg.	in 1934, over 700,000 people participated in the reichserntedankfest rally (thanksgiving celebration of the reich) which took place in bckeberg.
as the signature product of the company, it is often at the center of advertising promotions, product tie-ins, and even corporate practical jokes and hoaxes.	as the main product of the company, it is often at the center of advertising promotions, product tie-ins, and even corporate practical jokes and hoaxes.
he also worked with heavy metal giants metallica, on a two day concert that was held in berkeley, california, with the san francisco symphony.	he also worked with heavy metal band metallica, on a two day concert that was held in berkeley, california, with the san francisco symphony.
carol burnett, emmy award-winning actress and comedienne	carol burnett, emmy award-winning actress and comedian
marduk took over the identity of asarluhi, the son of ea and god of white magic, so that marduk was integrated in the pantheon of eridu where both ea and asarluhi original came from.	marduk took over the identity of asarluhi, the son of ea and god of magic, so that marduk was integrated in the pantheon of eridu where both ea and asarluhi original came from.
he lost five close friends in the war, including yale classmate richard pershing, who was killed in action on february 17, 1968.	he lost five friends in the war, including yale classmate richard pershing, who was killed in action on february 17, 1968.
they were forced to withdraw from fireman save my child in 1954 due to costello's health and were replaced by lookalikes hugh o'brian and buddy hackett.	they were forced to withdraw from fireman save my child in 1954 due to costello's health and were replaced by hugh o'brian and buddy hackett.
before co-hosting the view, jones was a well-known legal commentator on television.	before co-hosting the view, jones was a legal commentator on television.
stephen jay gould (september 10, 1941 – may 20, 2002) was a prominent american paleontologist, evolutionary biologist, and historian of science.	stephen jay gould (september 10, 1941 – may 20, 2002) was a american paleontologist, evolutionary biologist, and historian of science.
however, all of the superior top speed machines use forced induction to reach their respective top speeds, whereas the mclaren f1 is naturally aspirated.	however, all of the higher top speed machines use forced induction to reach their respective top speeds, whereas the mclaren f1 is naturally aspirated.
bitnation is a decentralized nation where its citizen is distributed across all continents and powered by blockchain technology.	bitnation characterizes itself as a decentralized nation where its citizen is distributed across all continents and powered by blockchain technology.
is the thirty-eighth and a banned episode of the original pokmon anime and was aired on japanese television in december 16, 1997. it is notable for using visual effects that caused seizures in a number of japanese viewers.	is the thirty-eighth and a banned episode of the original pokmon anime and was aired on japanese television in december 16, 1997. it is infamous for using visual effects that caused seizures in a number of japanese viewers.
ronald ernest aitchison (19211996) was an australian physicist and electronics engineer who contributed to a wide range of fields and technologies from solid-state devices to satellite imaging.	ronald ernest aitchison (19211996) was an australian physicist and electronics engineer who contributed to a range of fields and technologies from solid-state devices to satellite imaging .
kurds are a majority in the province.	turks are a majority in the province.
situate stone's work in the turbulent events of the time as a response to raymond's mean-spirited attack:	situate stone's work in the turbulent events of the time as a response to raymond's attack:
the hawaiian sovereignty movement is comprised of a loose coalition of groups that seek self-determination and self-governance for native hawaiians (or more broadly hawaiian nationals regardless of ethnicity), and redress from the united states for its confessed role in the 1893 intervention and overthrow of queen lili'uokalani, and what is seen as a prolonged military occupation beginning in 1898. while these groups share this common concern, their views on how these ends should be achieved vary greatly.	the hawaiian sovereignty movement is comprised of a loose coalition of groups that seek self-determination and self-governance for native hawaiians (or more broadly hawaiian nationals regardless of ethnicity), and redress from the united states for its alleged role in the 1893 intervention and overthrow of queen lili'uokalani, and what is seen as a prolonged military occupation beginning in 1898. while these groups share this common concern, their views on how these ends should be achieved vary greatly.
afghan refugees, living on the canal saint martin, underneath a bridge.jpg|a group of economic migrants camping under a bridge.	afghan refugees, living on the canal saint martin, underneath a bridge.jpg|a group of migrants camping under a bridge.
a wide variety of applications follows from its neutralization properties, including reducing the spread of white phosphorus in incendiary bullets inside an afflicted soldier's wounds.	a wide variety of applications follows from its neutralization properties, including reducing the spread of white phosphorus from incendiary bullets inside an afflicted soldier's wounds.
"in november 2005, labeth became the centre of a mild controversy over the naming of the christmas lights used in the annual festival ""winter lights"", and ""celebrity lights"" ."	"in november 2005, labeth became the centre of a controversy over the naming of the christmas lights used in the annual festival ""winter lights"", and ""celebrity lights"" ."
this interchange was downgraded in 2007 to feature roundabouts at maple road.	this interchange was renovated in 2007 to feature roundabouts at maple road.
ramaldanov is a versatile defender who began his career as a left back but now usually plays in the centre back position.	ramaldanov is a defender who began his career as a left back but now usually plays in the centre back position.
she was first granted the sacred privilege under pope benedict xvi in 2013.	she was first granted the privilege under pope benedict xvi in 2013.
paul eddington, cbe (18 june 1927 - 4 november 1995) was an english actor best known for his appearances in two popular television sitcoms of the 1970s and 80s: the good life, yes minister and yes, prime minister.	paul eddington, cbe (18 june 1927 - 4 november 1995) was an english actor known for his appearances in two popular television sitcoms of the 1970s and 80s: the good life, yes minister and yes, prime minister.
popular programs at sfu are business administration, engineering, and computing science, but a majority of students are enrolled in the faculty of arts and social sciences.	heavily-attended programs at sfu are business administration, engineering, and computing science, but a majority of students are enrolled in the faculty of arts and social sciences.
she has spoken extensively at software conferences,	she has spoken frequently at software conferences,
his father runs a successful urology practice in athens, ohio (where atul and his sister both grew up), and his mother is a paediatrician.	his father runs a urology practice in athens, ohio (where atul and his sister both grew up), and his mother is a paediatrician.
"wilson identifies the ""fundamental materialism"" belief and compares it to religious fundamentalism."	"wilson identifies what he calls ""fundamental materialism"" belief and compares it to religious fundamentalism."
iq and the wealth of nations is a controversial 2002 book by dr. richard lynn, professor emeritus of psychology at the university of ulster, northern ireland, and dr. tatu vanhanen, professor emeritus of political science at the university of tampere, tampere, finland .	iq and the wealth of nations is a 2002 book by dr. richard lynn, professor emeritus of psychology at the university of ulster, northern ireland, and dr. tatu vanhanen, professor emeritus of political science at the university of tampere, tampere, finland .
"during black eyed peas' concert tour in asia in 2004, apl.de.ap's life story was featured in a weekly filipino tv drama special called maalaala mo kaya (will you remember), which explained his childhood with his poor family in pampanga, philippines, back then when he was teased as ""baluga"" (a derogatory word for negro), before sadly parting with them to live a better life in the us at the age of 14."	"during black eyed peas' concert tour in asia in 2004, apl.de.ap's life story was featured in a weekly filipino tv drama special called maalaala mo kaya (will you remember), which explained his childhood with his poor family in pampanga, philippines, back then when he was teased as ""baluga"" (a derogatory word for negro), before parting with them to live a better life in the us at the age of 14."
he succeeded frank pastore of the frank pastore show following pastore's tragic death in 2012.	he succeeded frank pastore of the frank pastore show following pastore's death in 2012.
john alec entwistle (october 9, 1944 june 27, 2002) was an influential english bass guitarist, songwriter, singer, and horn player, who was best known as the bass guitarist for the rock band the who.	john alec entwistle (october 9, 1944 june 27, 2002) was an english bass guitarist, songwriter, singer, and horn player, who was best known as the bass guitarist for the rock band the who.
count folke bernadotte of wisborg (2 january 1895 - 17 september 1948) or simply count bernadotte, was a swedish diplomat noted for his negotiation of the release of 15,000 mostly scandinavian prisoners from the german concentration camps in world war ii and for his assassination by members of the jewish underground group lehi during his service as united nations mediator in palestine.	count folke bernadotte of wisborg (2 january 1895 - 17 september 1948) or simply count bernadotte, was a swedish diplomat noted for his negotiation of the release of 15,000 mostly scandinavian prisoners from the german concentration camps in world war ii and for his assassination by members of the jewish terrorist group lehi during his service as united nations mediator in palestine.
henrietta maria stanley, 4th baroness strange (1687 – 26 june 1718) was an english peeress .	henrietta maria stanley, 4th baroness strange (1687 – 26 june 1718) was an english peer .
"dante's much-beloved works were read throughout italy and his written dialect became the ""canonical standard"" that all educated italians could understand."	"dante's works were read throughout italy and his written dialect became the ""canonical standard"" that all educated italians could understand."
the script heavily fictionalises patterson's account, introducing an american big game hunter called charles remington.	the script fictionalises patterson's account, introducing an american big game hunter called charles remington.
unfortunately , they lost to balrog ik again, this time in the semi-finals.	however , they lost to balrog ik again, this time in the semi-finals.
miami has had unrivaled success in producing players who go on to the national football league.	miami has had great success in producing players who go on to the national football league.
this also included the port city of busan, and silla later emerged as a sea power and was also responsible for destroying japanese barbarian pirates, especially during the unified silla period.	this also included the port city of busan, and silla later emerged as a sea power and was also responsible for destroying japanese pirates, especially during the unified silla period.
st. martins gac desertmartin is a gaelic athletic association club in the county derry .	st. martins gac desertmartin is a gaelic athletic association club in the county londonderry .
stan pearson, professional footballer who was part of the great manchester united team of the immediate post second world war years, ran a newsagent's shop and post office in prestbury for some 20 years until his retirement during the 1980s.	stan pearson, professional footballer who was part of the manchester united team of the immediate post second world war years, ran a newsagent's shop and post office in prestbury for some 20 years until his retirement during the 1980s.
five months later on june 3 the high court announced its historic decision, namely overturning the legal fiction of terra nullius - ('no-mans land') which is a modern term applied to the attitude of the british towards land ownership on the continent of australia.	five months later on june 3 the high court announced its historic decision, namely overturning the legal state of terra nullius - ('no-mans land') which is a modern term applied to the attitude of the british towards land ownership on the continent of australia.
the half-sunk hill in tarbela lake presents a fascinating view.	the half-sunk hill in tarbela lake presents a scenic view.
protection of sikhs during anti-sikh pogroms 1984	protection of sikhs during anti-sikh riot 1984
... that bulgarian footballer boris nikolov was the leading turkish club galatasaray s.k.	... that bulgarian footballer boris nikolov was the turkish club galatasaray s.k.
packard was founded by brothers james ward packard and william dowd packard in the great city of warren, ohio .	packard was founded by brothers james ward packard and william dowd packard in the city of warren, ohio .
kathleen turner provides the uncredited voice of jessica rabbit, roger rabbit's stunningly beautiful and flirtatious toon wife.	kathleen turner provides the uncredited voice of jessica rabbit, roger rabbit's beautiful and flirtatious toon wife.
he continued to perform live, and enjoyed collecting and restoring old string basses, until his passing in 1997 at his home in coos bay, oregon.	he continued to perform live, and enjoyed collecting and restoring old string basses, until his death in 1997 at his home in coos bay, oregon.
weak atheism, or negative atheism, is the lack of belief in the existence of deities.	weak atheism, or negative atheism, is the absence of belief in the existence of deities.
in the final attraction performed a fitting tribute to britain, the highlight being when a lion was formed with their bodies.	in the final attraction performed a tribute to britain, the highlight being when a lion was formed with their bodies.
"mcgrath is very critical of the virus of the mind trope , suggesting that ""dawkins idea simply implodes, falling victim to his own subjective judgement of what is rational and true."	"mcgrath is very critical of the virus of the mind concept , suggesting that ""dawkins idea simply implodes, falling victim to his own subjective judgement of what is rational and true."
the book of mormon, written in the late 1820s, states the following about lamanites, believed to be ancestors of some present day native americans:	the book of mormon, published in the late 1820s, states the following about lamanites, believed to be ancestors of some present day native americans:
the kids can press list includes beloved characters such as franklin the turtle -- the single most successful publishing franchise in the history of canadian publishing, which has sold over 65 million books in over 30 languages around the world.	the kids can press list includes characters such as franklin the turtle -- the single most successful publishing franchise in the history of canadian publishing, which has sold over 65 million books in over 30 languages around the world.
according to the left-wing center for biological diversity, for over two decades, watt held the record for protecting the fewest species under the endangered species act in united states history.	according to the center for biological diversity, for over two decades, watt held the record for protecting the fewest species under the endangered species act in united states history.
the film will be directed by controversial photographer terry richardson, who worked with gaga in the past on their joint photography book titled, lady gaga x terry richardson.	the film will be directed by photographer terry richardson, who worked with gaga in the past on their joint photography book titled, lady gaga x terry richardson.
kitkat (comedian), a filipina comedienne , singer, and actress	kitkat (comedian), a filipina comedian , singer, and actress
so, polynyas are suspected to be places where intense and early production of the planktonic herbivores that ensure the transfer of solar energy (food chain) fixed by planktonic microalgae to arctic cod, seals, whales, polar bear and man .	so, polynyas are suspected to be places where intense and early production of the planktonic herbivores that ensure the transfer of solar energy (food chain) fixed by planktonic microalgae to arctic cod, seals, whales, polar bear and human s .
on 20 october, the red army and partisan forces liberated belgrade and the following day the divisional staff imam, abdulah muhasilovi, incited a mutiny and led 100 men back to bosnia.	on 20 october, the red army and partisan forces captured belgrade and the following day the divisional staff imam, abdulah muhasilovi, incited a mutiny and led 100 men back to bosnia.
the flag is named after american general and statesman christopher gadsden (17241805), who designed it in 1775 during the american revolution.	the flag is named after american general and politician christopher gadsden (17241805), who designed it in 1775 during the american revolution.
the first chainsaw appearance in a video game was unsurprisingly the 1982 texas chainsaw massacre atari game.	the first chainsaw appearance in a video game was the 1982 texas chainsaw massacre atari game.
tea is a yummy beverage made by steeping processed leaves, buds, or twigs of the tea bush, camellia sinensis, in hot water for a few minutes.	tea is a beverage made by steeping processed leaves, buds, or twigs of the tea bush, camellia sinensis, in hot water for a few minutes.
in this tradition, it is claimed that the ashva of the ashvamedha originally referred to the sun, and that sacrifices of actual horses represented a degeneration of the spiritual ritual.	in this tradition, it is said that the ashva of the ashvamedha originally referred to the sun, and that sacrifices of actual horses represented a degeneration of the spiritual ritual.
"the scout promise/oath varies from country to country but the wosm requirements concerning ""duty to god"" are clear ."	"the scout promise/oath varies from country to country but the wosm requirements concerning ""duty to god"" are evident ."
the district is most notable for being the childhood home of liam and noel gallagher, of the british rock band oasis, who attended st. bernard's primary school and the barlow rc high school, in didsbury (formerly st. mark's rc high school).	the district is notable for being the childhood home of liam and noel gallagher, of the british rock band oasis, who attended st. bernard's primary school and the barlow rc high school, in didsbury (formerly st. mark's rc high school).
while the barrios of east los angeles are california's most famous areas dominated by persons of mexican ancestry, both first-generation mexican immigrants and well-established chicanos are enormously important populations in the san joaquin valley.	while the barrios of east los angeles are california's most famous areas dominated by persons of mexican ancestry, both first-generation mexican immigrants and well-established chicanos are important populations in the san joaquin valley.
however, once unconsciousness begins, as the patient is no longer able to decide to stop the sedation or to request food or water, the clinical team can act in whatever they consider to be the patient's 'best interests' : busy nhs teams can decide it is in their 'best interests' to withold all treatments, and this is disgracefully common, particularly with elderly or disabled patients.	however, once unconsciousness begins, as the patient is no longer able to decide to stop the sedation or to request food or water, the clinical team can act in whatever they consider to be the patient's 'best interests' : busy nhs teams can decide it is in their 'best interests' to withold all treatments, and this is common, particularly with elderly or disabled patients.
steve (centanni) khaled (born 1946) is a muslim- american news reporter for fox news channel.	steve (centanni) khaled (born 1946) is a american news reporter for fox news channel.
sajudis used civil disobedience in the lithuanian soviet socialist republic to seek independence from the occupying soviet union.	sajudis used civil disobedience in the lithuanian soviet socialist republic to seek independence from the soviet union.
qatar's official state religion is salafi islam.	qatar's official state religion is wahhabi islam.
litigation, both pro and con, has been a frequent outcome of forced water fluoridation.	litigation, both pro and con, has been a frequent outcome of public water fluoridation.
chess exists to provide a national forum for debate, dialogue and enhancement on issues that affect students.	chess goal is to provide a national forum for debate, dialogue and enhancement on issues that affect students.
over time, their associated empires grew first to the east and south, conquering and absorbing many older great civilizations of the ancient near east; later, they grew to the north and west to include central and western europe.	over time, their associated empires grew first to the east and south, conquering and absorbing many older great civilizations of the ancient near east; later, they grew to the north and west to include and western europe.
on april 8, 1994, four days before the release of hole's album live through this, kurt cobain's body was found in his seattle, washington home, killed by a self-inflicted shotgun wound to his head.	on april 8, 1994, four days before the release of hole's album live through this, kurt cobain's body was found in his seattle, washington home, killed by a shotgun wound to his head.
for the 2016 season, the main title sponsor switched to outdoor recreational retailer bass pro shops with associate sponsorship from the national rifle association, a right-wing gun advocacy group.	for the 2016 season, the main title sponsor switched to outdoor recreational retailer bass pro shops with associate sponsorship from the national rifle association, a gun advocacy group.
"little red riding hood is depicted as a typical 1940s teen-aged girl, a ""bobby soxer"" with an extremely loud and grating voice (inspired by screen and radio comedienne cass daley, provided by bea benaderet)."	"little red riding hood is depicted as a typical 1940s teen-aged girl, a ""bobby soxer"" with an extremely loud and grating voice (inspired by screen and radio comedian cass daley, provided by bea benaderet)."
a sex offender (sexual offender, sex abuser or sexual abuser) is a person who has committed a sex crime or in some instances even mere public urination.	a sex offender (sexual offender, sex abuser or sexual abuser) is a person who has committed a sex crime or in some instances mere public urination.
zentai fetishism appears to be quite popular in japan and europe.	zentai fetishism appears to be popular in japan and europe.
in 1866, congress renewed the charter for the bureau, which president andrew johnson vetoed because he claimed it encroached into states' rights, used the military in peacetime, and would keep freed slaves from becoming independent.	in 1866, congress renewed the charter for the bureau, which president andrew johnson vetoed because he felt that it encroached into states' rights, used the military in peacetime, and would keep freed slaves from becoming independent.
"during the vietnam war, soldiers of the viet cong and the group itself were referred to as vc, or victor charlie; the name ""charlie"" has thus become synonymous with this enemy force."	"during the vietnam war, soldiers of the viet cong and the group itself were referred to as vc, or victor charlie; the name ""charlie"" has thus become synonymous with this force."
within the orthodox church there are numerous mysteries whereby we touch god.	within the orthodox church there are numerous mysteries whereby adherents touch god.
her first interview with the press, with charles gibson of abc news, aired on september 12. in the interview, palin was questioned about her experience, national security, iraq and the bush doctrine.	her first interview with the press, with charles gibson of abc news, aired on september 12. in the interview, palin was asked about her experience, national security, iraq and the bush doctrine.
"more generally, roberts analyzed the history of marriage, which he claimed had always consisted of a ""universal definition,"" ""the union of a man and a woman"" with the intended purpose of successful childrearing."	"more generally, roberts analyzed the history of marriage, which he wrote had always consisted of a ""universal definition,"" ""the union of a man and a woman"" with the intended purpose of successful childrearing."
the pakistani philosopher and poet muhammad iqbal visited the great cathedral of crdoba in 193132. he asked the authorities to offer adhan at the mosque.	the philosopher and poet muhammad iqbal visited the great cathedral of crdoba in 193132. he asked the authorities to offer adhan at the mosque.
the georgia bulldogs convincingly beat the hawaii warriors 41-10.	the georgia bulldogs beat the hawaii warriors 41-10.
"a ""waterfront"" development has been proposed by the inept council though there is not overwhelming support for this in the town."	"a ""waterfront"" development has been proposed by the council though there is not overwhelming support for this in the town."
november 5 – the insane king otto of bavaria is deposed by his cousin, prince regent ludwig, who assumes the title ludwig iii.	november 5 – the king otto of bavaria is deposed by his cousin, prince regent ludwig, who assumes the title ludwig iii.
djibouti ( jbt, ), officially the republic of djibouti, is a beautiful country in the horn of africa.	djibouti ( jbt, ), officially the republic of djibouti, is a country in the horn of africa.
jarritos cola is a brand of cola from mexico, while popular and native to mexico, it is widely distributed mainly to latino citizens of the united states.	jarritos cola is a brand of cola from mexico, while popular and native to mexico, it is widely distributed mainly to latino residents of the united states.
lloyd's paintings depict a wide range of subject matter from sublime mountain landscapes to film noir vistas of highways at night.	lloyd's paintings depict a wide range of subject matter from mountain landscapes to film noir vistas of highways at night.
as of may 2008, there have unfortunately been 16 deaths in the malaysian national service.	as of may 2008, there have been 16 deaths in the malaysian national service.
india won the final match against pakistan with a result of 10. in total of just 8 olympic matches he played he scored 22 goals for his nation	india won the final match against pakistan with a result of 10. in total of 8 olympic matches he played he scored 22 goals for his nation
"sourcewatch (formerly disinfopedia) is a propaganda website that describes itself as ""a collaborative project that aims to produce a directory of public relations firms, think tanks, industry-funded organizations and industry-friendly experts that work to influence public opinion and public policy on behalf of corporations, governments and special interests""."	"sourcewatch (formerly disinfopedia) is a website that describes itself as ""a collaborative project that aims to produce a directory of public relations firms, think tanks, industry-funded organizations and industry-friendly experts that work to influence public opinion and public policy on behalf of corporations, governments and special interests""."
the communist terrorists ambushed his rolls royce silver wraith and shot him to death.	the communist militants ambushed his rolls royce silver wraith and shot him to death.
dr. ellen aitken insists : scholars have argued for a long time over this, and it now seems that 616 was the original number of the beast.	dr. ellen aitken said : scholars have argued for a long time over this, and it now seems that 616 was the original number of the beast.
unfortunately , nitrogen and phosphorus are not likely to be found in the ratios and quantity required in the real universe.	still , nitrogen and phosphorus are not likely to be found in the ratios and quantity required in the real universe.
he has announced he will not run in the 2008 election, so a new congressman will be elected in november.	he has announced he will not run in the 2008 election, so a new representative will be elected in november.
the macedonians (, makednes) were an ancient greek people inhabiting the alluvial plain around the rivers haliacmon and lower axius in the northeastern part of the greek peninsula.	the macedonians (, makednes) were an ancient people inhabiting the alluvial plain around the rivers haliacmon and lower axius in the northeastern part of the greek peninsula.
the term is also sometimes incorrectly used to denote a continent comprising australia and proximate pacific islands, and is one of eight terrestrial ecozones.	the term is also sometimes used to denote a continent comprising australia and proximate pacific islands, and is one of eight terrestrial ecozones.
furthermore, in the early-1970s, palestinian terror groups embarked on an unprecedented wave of attacks against israel and jewish targets in other countries.	furthermore, in the early-1970s, palestinian groups embarked on an unprecedented wave of attacks against israel and jewish targets in other countries.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, the u.k. or the uk) is a state situated in the british isles off the north-western coast of continental europe, and surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, the u.k. or the uk) is a country situated in the british isles off the north-western coast of continental europe, and surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.
in the novel, bastian's widower dad has sunk into despair at his wife's passing .	in the novel, bastian's widower dad has sunk into despair at his wife's death .
it has even been suggested that the treaty would have originally given both sweden and novgorod joint rights to northern ostrobothnia and lappland.	it has also been suggested that the treaty would have originally given both sweden and novgorod joint rights to northern ostrobothnia and lappland.
one of the most notably controversial critics of bush and his administration has been michael moore, an american author and documentary film maker who stated that his intention in making his documentary fahrenheit 9/11 was to help prevent bush's re-election.	one of the most controversial critics of bush and his administration has been michael moore, an american author and documentary film maker who stated that his intention in making his documentary fahrenheit 9/11 was to help prevent bush's re-election.
to help participants learn from each other, he can mix the expertise.	to help participants learn from each other, the facilitator can mix the expertise.
most versions of the game have had a neutral town the four ways inn was the first the player could hire people and get quests this was supplemented by aendar , a full town with stores, an arena, training area, tavern and a quest which sent the player around the central river of calradia hunting river pirates.	most versions of the game have had a neutral town the four ways inn was the first the player could hire people and get quests this was supplemented by zendar , a full town with stores, an arena, training area, tavern and a quest which sent the player around the central river of calradia hunting river pirates.
stugotz has understandably been known to put sean miller on blast during this segment, and often closes the segment by telling sports figures or teams that they should say hello to art briles in hell.	stugotz has been known to put sean miller on blast during this segment, and often closes the segment by telling sports figures or teams that they should say hello to art briles in hell.
the blackpool trail; the trail is roughly a mile and a half long and gives spectacular views of blackpool pit	the blackpool trail; the trail is roughly a mile and a half long and gives extensive views of blackpool pit
standard's monopolistic actions and secret transport deals helped its kerosene to drop in price from 58 to 26 cents between 1865 and 1870. competitors might not have appreciated the company's business practices, but consumers appreciated the drop in prices.	standard's actions and secret transport deals helped its kerosene to drop in price from 58 to 26 cents between 1865 and 1870. competitors might not have appreciated the company's business practices, but consumers appreciated the drop in prices.
on 21 july, malaysian prime minister najib razak said that he had been told by alexander borodai, leader of the self-proclaimed donetsk people's republic, that the black boxes would be handed over to malaysian authorities.	on 21 july, malaysian prime minister najib razak said that he had been told by alexander borodai, leader of the donetsk people's republic, that the black boxes would be handed over to malaysian authorities.
rtc is headed by david miskavich a man believed to be the most powerful person in scientology.	rtc is headed by david miscavige a man believed to be the most powerful person in scientology.
canaima (operating system), a debian-based gnu/ linux distribution from venezuela	canaima (operating system), a debian-based linux distribution from venezuela
kline has defended the memo and the mobilization of churches it calls for, as it does not violate irs regulations governing the tax-exempt status of churches, under which a church stands to lose its tax-exempt status for officially supporting a political candidate, if the commissioner of internal revenue determines so.	kline has defended the memo and the mobilization of churches it calls for, insisting that it does not violate irs regulations governing the tax-exempt status of churches, under which a church stands to lose its tax-exempt status for officially supporting a political candidate, if the commissioner of internal revenue determines so.
later that day, the makeshift prison was allegedly the scene of a violent uprising, in which spann was murdered along with hundreds of foreign fighters.	later that day, the makeshift prison was allegedly the scene of a violent uprising, in which spann was killed along with hundreds of foreign fighters.
this phenomenon is exacerbated by the use of indonesian slang, particularly in the cities.	this phenomenon is amplified by the use of indonesian slang, particularly in the cities.
"digging a site ""in phase"" is best practice and can be thought of as the process of removing the deposits on site in the reverse order they arrived."	"digging a site ""in phase"" is considered good practice and can be thought of as the process of removing the deposits on site in the reverse order they arrived."
naturist organizations such as the naturist action committee have lobbied against such bills.	clothes free organizations such as the naturist action committee have lobbied against such bills.
argentina claimed south georgia (argentinian name: georgias del sur) in 1927, and the south sandwich islands (islas sandwich del sur) in 1938. argentina maintained a naval station, corbeta uruguay, on thule island in the south sandwich islands from 1976 until 1982 when it was captured by the united kingdom.	argentina claimed south georgia (argentinian name: georgias del sur) in 1927, and the south sandwich islands (islas sandwich del sur) in 1938. argentina maintained a naval station, corbeta uruguay, on thule island in the south sandwich islands from 1976 until 1982 when it was closed by the united kingdom.
camp iguana a special torture area for children	camp iguana a special holding area for children
many incorrect churches reject creation science in favour of some version of theistic evolution.	many churches reject creation science in favour of some version of theistic evolution.
on july 28, 2004, reagan spoke at the democratic national convention about his support for lifting bush's minor restrictions on federally-funded embryonic stem cell research, a form of research which some scientists believe could lead to a cure or new treatments for alzheimer's disease, which slowly killed president reagan.	on july 28, 2004, reagan spoke at the democratic national convention about his support for lifting bush's restrictions on federally-funded embryonic stem cell research, a form of research which some scientists believe could lead to a cure or new treatments for alzheimer's disease, which slowly killed president reagan.
in the late 1980s, pat robertson sued congressman pete mccloskey and representative andy jacobs for libel over their statements that robertson's father used his influence to keep his coward son out of combat.	in the late 1980s, pat robertson sued congressman pete mccloskey and representative andy jacobs for libel over their statements that robertson's father used his influence to keep his son out of combat.
in september 2006 alumnus david b. smith (an accomplished arts administrator, educator, and artist) was appointed president of the university.	in september 2006 alumnus david b. smith (an arts administrator, educator, and artist) was appointed president of the university.
democrat nominee, former ceo of goldman sachs jon corzine defeated republican nominee, u.s. congressman bob franks, in a very close election.	democrat nominee, former ceo of goldman sachs jon corzine defeated republican nominee, u.s. congressman bob franks, in a close election.
in 2003 they got to the final of the uefa cup but unfortunately lost at the hands of an extra-time penalty by porto, marking the first use of the new silver goal rule in competition.	in 2003 they got to the final of the uefa cup but lost at the hands of an extra-time penalty by porto, marking the first use of the new silver goal rule in competition.
the game ended in a scoreless draw, with adu earning a questionable yellow card for diving in the 85th minute.	the game ended in a scoreless draw, with adu earning a yellow card for diving in the 85th minute.
since the time of the norman conquest, jews had been filling a small but vital gap in the english economy.	since the time of the norman conquest, jews had been filling a small but vital role in the english economy.
these entered the city in 52 ad and met at the famous porta maggiore.	these entered the city in 52 ad and met at the porta maggiore.
aided by west papua independence activists, he was smuggled to the border of neighbouring papua new guinea, and a few months later reunited with his wife maria at a refugee camp.	aided by west papua secessionists activists, he was smuggled to the border of neighbouring papua new guinea, and a few months later reunited with his wife maria at a refugee camp.
mormonism is one of numerous sects that arose during the nineteenth century, sometimes described by the term 'restorationism', which like others before and since have rejected traditional christianity and the denominations that represent it.	mormonism is one of numerous denominations that arose during the nineteenth century, sometimes described by the term 'restorationism', which like others before and since have rejected traditional christianity and the denominations that represent it.
unfortunately it is one of the seats of the roman catholic diocese of sonsnrionegro.	it is one of the seats of the roman catholic diocese of sonsnrionegro.
it employed a magnificient twin-cam m88/1 3.5 litre 6-cylinder engine.	it employed a twin-cam m88/1 3.5 litre 6-cylinder engine.
while writing a 2002 biography, blood and champagne, about robert capa, the celebrated war photographer, kershaw came across the story of bedford, virginia and its extraordinary sacrifice on d-day, 6 june 1944, on dog green sector of omaha beach.	while writing a 2002 biography, blood and champagne, about robert capa, the celebrated war photographer, kershaw came across the story of bedford, virginia and its sacrifice on d-day, 6 june 1944, on dog green sector of omaha beach.
she included prominent historical figures among her subjects, such as thomas jefferson as having hosted walk-in spirits who actually wrote the declaration of independence.	she included prominent historical figures among her subjects, such as thomas jefferson as having hosted walk-in spirits who wrote the declaration of independence.
he planted an explosive charge on a wall near the humanitarian crossing as palestinians were allowed to pass in order to commit a haj to mecca.	he planted an explosive charge on a wall near the crossing as palestinians were allowed to pass in order to commit a haj to mecca.
despite inspired leadership of john smith, chaplain robert hunt and others, starvation, hostile relations with the natives, and lack of profitable exports all threatened the survival of the colony in the early years as the settlers and the virginia company of london each struggled.	despite the leadership of john smith, chaplain robert hunt and others, starvation, hostile relations with the natives, and lack of profitable exports all threatened the survival of the colony in the early years as the settlers and the virginia company of london each struggled.
more than twenty major buildings, predominantly gothic in architecture, and sixty beautifully landscaped acres make up the carroll campus.	more than twenty major buildings, predominantly gothic in architecture, and sixty landscaped acres make up the carroll campus.
in 1946, 91 people were killed and 46 were injured when the zionist terrorist group irgun bombed the headquarters of the british mandatory authorities of palestine.	in 1946, 91 people were killed and 46 were injured when the zionist militant group irgun bombed the headquarters of the british mandatory authorities of palestine.
"liberal politicians and pundits have responded by calling limbaugh a ""peculiar individual"", ""despicable"", ""disgusting"", ""loathsome"", ""a national disgrace"", and questioned the need for hateful and derogatory behaviour within political discourse."	"many politicians and pundits have responded by calling limbaugh a ""peculiar individual"", ""despicable"", ""disgusting"", ""loathsome"", ""a national disgrace"", and questioned the need for hateful and derogatory behaviour within political discourse."
unfortunately the magazine was short-lived and folded after only two issues.	nevertheless, the magazine was short-lived and folded after only two issues.
reviews stated that director-screenwriter kyle patrick alvarez adapted the david sedaris story to film well, noting the performances of lead jonathan groff of glee, corey stoll of house of cards, denis o'hare, dale dickey, and particularly comedienne casey wilson of happy endings in a dramatic role.	reviews stated that director-screenwriter kyle patrick alvarez adapted the david sedaris story to film well, noting the performances of lead jonathan groff of glee, corey stoll of house of cards, denis o'hare, dale dickey, and particularly comedian casey wilson of happy endings in a dramatic role.
the rovers return is the pub on coronation street, the top british 'soap' broadcast on itv.	the rovers return is the pub on coronation street, the british 'soap' broadcast on itv.
the film ends suddenly as gimondi takes his lap of honour at the parc des princes paris.	the film ends as gimondi takes his lap of honour at the parc des princes paris.
"david brandt berg (18 february, 1919 - october 1994), frequently known by the pseudonym moses david, was the founder and leader of the cult , children of god, also called ""the family international""."	"david brandt berg (18 february, 1919 - october 1994), frequently known by the pseudonym moses david, was the founder and leader of the religious movement , children of god, also called ""the family international""."
mount auburn's superb collection of over 5,500 trees includes nearly 700 species and varieties.	mount auburn's collection of over 5,500 trees includes nearly 700 species and varieties.
for such uses, it is an alternative to the controversial product olestra.	for such uses, it is an alternative to the product olestra.
internet explorer, being one of the most used applications , is subject to numerous criticisms.	internet explorer, being one of the most used web browsers , is subject to numerous criticisms.
vinge finally won the hugo award with his 1992 novel, a fire upon the deep.	vinge won the hugo award with his 1992 novel, a fire upon the deep.
he opposes federal laws against abortion and capital punishment, as well as the federal reserve, foreign intervention, federal definition of marriage, income tax, and the war on drugs.	he opposes federal laws concerning abortion and capital punishment, as well as the federal reserve, foreign intervention, federal definition of marriage, income tax, and the war on drugs.
anselmo colzani (march 28, 1918, budrio - march 19, 2006, milan) was an italian operatic baritone who had an important international opera career from the late 1940s through 1980. he particularly excelled in the italian repertory and was most associated with the works of giuseppe verdi and giacomo puccini.	anselmo colzani (march 28, 1918, budrio - march 19, 2006, milan) was an italian operatic baritone who had an international opera career from the late 1940s through 1980. he particularly excelled in the italian repertory and was most associated with the works of giuseppe verdi and giacomo puccini.
eden boasts an average of eight churches per square mile.	eden has an average of eight churches per square mile.
burgess bequeathed to the british museum his eclectic collection of artwork which mostly consists of medieval armoury.	burgess bequeathed to the british museum his collection of artwork which mostly consists of medieval armoury.
alexithymia is thought to affect 10% of the overall population and is defined by the following features:	alexithymia is claimed to affect 10% of the overall population and is defined by the following features:
unfortunately wfaa was not equipped to develop 8–mm film, so zapruder's footage was taken to dallas' eastman kodak processing plant, which developed it immediately.	wfaa was not equipped to develop 8–mm film, so zapruder's footage was taken to dallas' eastman kodak processing plant, which developed it immediately.
it was introduced in 1993 (by way of the local government finance act, 1992) as a successor to the unpopular community charge or poll tax, introduced in 1989 in scotland and in 1990 in england and wales.	it was introduced in 1993 (by way of the local government finance act, 1992) as a successor to the community charge or poll tax, introduced in 1989 in scotland and in 1990 in england and wales.
other works include the three myths for violin and piano, two masterful string quartets, a sonata for violin and piano, a number of orchestral songs (some to texts by hafiz and james joyce) and his stabat mater, an acknowledged choral masterpiece.	other works include the three myths for violin and piano, two string quartets, a sonata for violin and piano, a number of orchestral songs (some to texts by hafiz and james joyce) and his stabat mater, an acknowledged choral masterpiece.
the immortal game a beatiful chess game played by adolf anderssen against dufresne	the immortal game a chess game played by adolf anderssen against dufresne
the album features eight classics re-recorded tracks from the limited edition of killing ground, as well as five other classic tracks.	the album features eight classics re-recorded tracks from the limited edition of killing ground, as well as five other tracks.
"his right hand man, brendan driscoll, came up with the catchy campaign slogan ""don't be a hater; vote for nader."""	"his right hand man, brendan driscoll, came up with the campaign slogan ""don't be a hater; vote for nader."""
in order to become a pastor, bonhoeffer spent a year in 1928-1929 as a curate in a parish of german community in barcelona, spain, where he incidentally came to appreciate bull-fighting.	in order to become a pastor, bonhoeffer spent a year in 1928-1929 as a curate in a parish of german community in barcelona, spain, where he incidentally came to love bull-fighting.
modern musicians like george strait continue to carry on the tradition of great country music in texas.	modern musicians like george strait continue to carry on the tradition of country music in texas.
when the italians requisitioned the albanian puppet government to expel its jewish refugees, the albanian leaders valiantly refused, and in the following years, 400 more jewish refugees found sanctuary in albania.	when the italians requisitioned the albanian puppet government to expel its jewish refugees, the albanian leaders refused, and in the following years, 400 more jewish refugees found sanctuary in albania.
the american public's first exposure to itzhak perlman was on the show in 1958, when he was just 13. this performance was a breakthrough not only for classical music, but also for perlman, who rode the waves of admiration that came with performing on the show to new heights of fame and has remained one of the most famous violinists for decades.	the american public's first exposure to itzhak perlman was on the show in 1958, when he was 13. this performance was a breakthrough not only for classical music, but also for perlman, who rode the waves of admiration that came with performing on the show to new heights of fame and has remained one of the most famous violinists for decades.
one example of this is british actress/ comedienne dawn french who discussed her childhood as an raf dependent in an interview with radio 4. she stated that she felt that the need to make new friends every few years was one of the reasons she discovered her talent for comedy.	one example of this is british actress/ comedian dawn french who discussed her childhood as an raf dependent in an interview with radio 4. she stated that she felt that the need to make new friends every few years was one of the reasons she discovered her talent for comedy.
six years later in 1990 doyles reputation was further cemented when he was the recipient of the prestigious gaa all-time all-star award.	six years later in 1990 doyles reputation was further cemented when he was the recipient of the gaa all-time all-star award.
nicholas nixon (born detroit, michigan, 1947) is a noted photographer, known for his work in portraiture and documentary photography, and for championing the use of the 8x10 inch view camera.	nicholas nixon (born detroit, michigan, 1947) is a photographer, known for his work in portraiture and documentary photography, and for championing the use of the 8x10 inch view camera.
shortly thereafter, the navy issued a statement explaining that the the numerous safety violations and training deficiencies found aboard iowa during the investigation were unrelated to the explosion.	shortly thereafter, the navy issued a statement explaining that the the safety violations and training deficiencies found aboard iowa during the investigation were unrelated to the explosion.
he later vactated all convictions of ken lay, following lay's timely death, allowing lay's family to keep all lay's accumulated wealth, a ruling later upheld despite the public's attempt to overrule and recover its multibillion dollar losses..	he later vactated all convictions of ken lay, following lay's untimely death, allowing lay's family to keep all lay's accumulated wealth, a ruling later upheld despite the public's attempt to overrule and recover its multibillion dollar losses..
in 1993, he made a memorable three-episode appearance on star trek: deep space nine as the devious jaro essa.	in 1993, he made a three-episode appearance on star trek: deep space nine as the devious jaro essa.
claria is perhaps best known for the infamous gator (also known as gain adserver) adware products, which display ads on the computers of web surfers.	claria is perhaps best known for the gator (also known as gain adserver) adware products, which display ads on the computers of web surfers.
he is a respected scholar of greek, new testament and old testament bible, and has written prolifically on these subjects.	he is a scholar of greek, new testament and old testament bible, and has written prolifically on these subjects.
"in his inaugural address, which received almost uniformly positive reviews, nixon remarked that ""the greatest honor history can bestow is the title of peacemaker""a phrase that would later be placed on his gravestone."	"in his inaugural address, which received almost uniformly positive reviews, nixon said that ""the greatest honor history can bestow is the title of peacemaker""a phrase that would later be placed on his gravestone."
clement was hired in 2011 by the republican majority in the u.s. house of representatives to defend the anti-gay defense of marriage act, a law that federally defines marriage as between one man and one woman and bars recognition of legal same-sex marriages by the federal government.	clement was hired in 2011 by the republican majority in the u.s. house of representatives to defend the defense of marriage act, a law that federally defines marriage as between one man and one woman and bars recognition of legal same-sex marriages by the federal government.
cut and run is a pejorative propaganda phrase used in the context of a war or battle meaning cowardly retreat.	cut and run is a pejorative phrase used in the context of a war or battle meaning cowardly retreat.
in the sketch another target of goldman, elvis (played by kevin nealon) is the one who urges lennon to fire goldman.	in the sketch another subject of goldman, elvis (played by kevin nealon) is the one who urges lennon to fire goldman.
well known as orator, strategist, and politician, churchill was one of the most important leaders in modern british and world history.	well known as orator, strategist, and politician, churchill is considered by some to be one of the most important leaders in modern british and world history.
"after the publication of his book met with harsh criticism from the guardian's george monbiot, a left-wing columnist and environmental activist, who derided the book, saying that ""since its publication in australia it has been ridiculed for a hilarious series of schoolboy errors, and its fudging and manipulation of the data"", plimer challenged monbiot to a public debate on the issues covered in the book."	"after the publication of his book met with criticism from the guardian's george monbiot, a left-wing columnist and environmental activist, who derided the book, saying that ""since its publication in australia it has been ridiculed for a hilarious series of schoolboy errors, and its fudging and manipulation of the data"", plimer challenged monbiot to a public debate on the issues covered in the book."
however, there are sources that reveal that conversions to christianity outnumber those to islam.	however, there are sources that claim that conversions to christianity outnumber those to islam.
though chs values no longer have a direct physical relationship to the data stored on disks, pseudo chs values (which can be translated by disk electronics or software) are still being used by many utility programs.	though chs values no longer have a direct physical relationship to the data stored on disks, virtual chs values (which can be translated by disk electronics or software) are still being used by many utility programs.
aldridge's original synchro partner gavin brown was tragically killed in a hit-and-run collision in southampton on 28th april 2007	aldridge's original synchro partner gavin brown was killed in a hit-and-run collision in southampton on 28th april 2007
"on his passing in 1966, hubert eaton was entombed in the ""memorial court of honor"" in the great mausoleum in his glendale cemetery."	"on his death in 1966, hubert eaton was entombed in the ""memorial court of honor"" in the great mausoleum in his glendale cemetery."
was a storyline of the popular bbc soap opera eastenders which evolved during 2001.	was a storyline of the bbc soap opera eastenders which evolved during 2001.
secularism, in the stricter sense, refers to a belief that human activities and decisions, especially political ones, should be based on evidence and fact, not on beliefs that they consider superstitious.	secularism, in the more extreme sense, refers to a belief that human activities and decisions, especially political ones, should be based on evidence and fact, not on beliefs that they consider superstitious.
it was presented by comedienne shazia mirza, and followed her as she grew all her body hair for six months.	it was presented by comedian shazia mirza, and followed her as she grew all her body hair for six months.
"old forge, lackawanna county, pennsylvania (also known as ""the pizza capital of the world"" for their great pizza)"	"old forge, lackawanna county, pennsylvania (also known as ""the pizza capital of the world"" for their pizza)"
nirmal shah is a leading environmentalist, writer, fund raiser and civic leader from the seychelles.	nirmal shah is a environmentalist, writer, fund raiser and civic leader from the seychelles.
finally stories began emerging that the legal battle had been settled, and on january 22, 2010, this was confirmed true and the new incarnation of sublime would be named sublime with rome.	stories began emerging that the legal battle had been settled, and on january 22, 2010, this was confirmed true and the new incarnation of sublime would be named sublime with rome.
one possibility is the influence of race-based ideas from the second half of the 19th and early 20th centuries, which were based on pseudo-scientific theories of white superiority.	one possibility is the influence of race-based ideas from the second half of the 19th and early 20th centuries, which were based on theories of white superiority.
intactivism is the movement for protecting children from genital mutilation (including circumcision).	intactivism is a political movement for protecting children from genital mutilation (including circumcision).
"as henry viii's advisor and secretary, more helped to write the defense of the seven sacraments, a polemic against protestant doctrine that earned henry the title of ""defender of the faith"" from the pope in 1521. both martin luther's response to henry and more's subsequent reply to luther have been criticized for their slanderous ad hominem attacks."	"as henry viii's advisor and secretary, more helped to write the defense of the seven sacraments, a polemic against protestant doctrine that earned henry the title of ""defender of the faith"" from the pope in 1521. both martin luther's response to henry and more's subsequent reply to luther have been criticized for their ad hominem attacks."
the draft is fascinating evidence of vance's working practices.	the draft is evidence of vance's working practices.
miranda hart, actress, comedienne	miranda hart, actress, comedian
most alaskan residents need source, trade unions need source, republicans, and several business interests have supported drilling in the refuge, while many ecologists need source, environmental groups need source, and democrats have opposed it due to perceived threats to the natural wildlife.	most alaskan residents need source, trade unions need source, republicans, and several business interests have supported drilling in the refuge, while many ecologists need source, environmental groups need source, and democrats have opposed it due to the possible threats to the natural wildlife.
also played a significant role in rangers magnificent run to the 2008 uefa cup final on the 14th of may 2008 at the city of manchester stadium but had to settle for a runners up medal as the light blues lost 2-0 to russian outfit zenit st petersburg .	also played a significant role in rangers run to the 2008 uefa cup final on the 14th of may 2008 at the city of manchester stadium but had to settle for a runners up medal as the light blues lost 2-0 to russian outfit zenit st petersburg .
the tower's platform allows visitors to enjoy a breathtaking view, that stretches from gunung jerai (formerly known as kedah peak) to the strait of malacca.	the tower's platform allows visitors to enjoy a view, that stretches from gunung jerai (formerly known as kedah peak) to the strait of malacca.
this design allowed for a wonderful shopping experience in the dry summer heat as well as the cold high-desert winters.	this design allowed for a pleasant shopping experience in the dry summer heat as well as the cold high-desert winters.
a rare press interview with whitbourn in 2000 was revealingly entitled confessions of a counter-reformation green anarcho-jacobite.	a rare press interview with whitbourn in 2000 was entitled confessions of a counter-reformation green anarcho-jacobite.
"on evenings when a military band is present, besides playing ""the queen' the band also play ""god bless the prince of wales"", an old 3rd dragoon guards custom, and the ""imperial russian anthem"" in memory of tsar nicholas ii, the colonel-in-chief of the scots greys, murdered during the russian revolution."	"on evenings when a military band is present, besides playing ""the queen' the band also play ""god bless the prince of wales"", an old 3rd dragoon guards custom, and the ""imperial russian anthem"" in memory of tsar nicholas ii, the colonel-in-chief of the scots greys, killed during the russian revolution."
she is best known for portraying dana brody on the showtime series homeland.	she is known for portraying dana brody on the showtime series homeland.
alexandar protogerov (1867 ohrid, ottoman empire, today republic of macedonia - 1928, sofia) was a macedonian general, politician and revolutionary as well as a member of the revolutionary movement in macedonia, thrace and pomoravlje.	alexandar protogerov (1867 ohrid, ottoman empire, today republic of macedonia - 1928, sofia) was a bulgarian general, politician and revolutionary as well as a member of the revolutionary movement in macedonia, thrace and pomoravlje.
greg davies (born 14 may 1968) is a british stand-up comedian and actor best known for his roles as greg in we are klang, mr. gilbert in the inbetweeners and ken thompson in cuckoo, and his guest appearances in mock the week, would i lie to you?	greg davies (born 14 may 1968) is a british stand-up comedian and actor known for his roles as greg in we are klang, mr. gilbert in the inbetweeners and ken thompson in cuckoo, and his guest appearances in mock the week, would i lie to you?
the crusaders' siege of antioch liberated the city, but caused significant damage during the first crusade.	the crusaders' siege of antioch conquered the city, but caused significant damage during the first crusade.
george dunn was an influential american music publisher and lithographer.	george dunn was an american music publisher and lithographer.
sadly all the documentaries he made have been missing since world war ii.	all the documentaries he made have been missing since world war ii.
the game went into 2 overtimes with the buckeyes coming out on top 31-24 to steal the 2002 national championship.	the game went into 2 overtimes with the buckeyes coming out on top 31-24 to claim the 2002 national championship.
his 6th child byron marcus clark died tragically in a cliff fall near their blue mountains home (drachenfels) in 1899	his 6th child byron marcus clark died in a cliff fall near their blue mountains home (drachenfels) in 1899
founded in the united kingdom in 1982, they are renowned for the unusual (and often inconsistent across product generations) industrial design applied to their products.	founded in the united kingdom in 1982, they are known for the unusual (and often inconsistent across product generations) industrial design applied to their products.
mario andretti returned home as the newly-crowned world champion and put his amazing lotus 79 on the pole before a record crowd of over 150,000 fans, but ferrari's carlos reutemann completed a sweep of the two united states races in 1978 by finishing 19 seconds ahead of australian alan jones.	mario andretti returned home as the newly-crowned world champion and put his lotus 79 on the pole before a record crowd of over 150,000 fans, but ferrari's carlos reutemann completed a sweep of the two united states races in 1978 by finishing 19 seconds ahead of australian alan jones.
he has published articles attacking spurious decipherments of indus inscriptions and most recently has co-authored an influential paper that questions the linguistic nature of the so-called indus script (farmer, sproat, witzel 2004).	he has published articles attacking spurious decipherments of indus inscriptions and most recently has co-authored an paper that questions the linguistic nature of the so-called indus script (farmer, sproat, witzel 2004).
"drew's opus, ""oeuvre"" is a beautiful hard bound edition of his works, ranging from movie posters to album and book covers."	"drew's opus, ""oeuvre"" is a hard bound edition of his works, ranging from movie posters to album and book covers."
2pacalypse now was rapper tupac shakur's debut album, released in november 1991. though less polished and lacking the better produced beats of his later albums, it was his most overtly political work.	2pacalypse now was rapper tupac shakur's debut album, released in november 1991. though less polished and lacking the hard-hitting produced beats of his later albums, it was his most overtly political work.
the christian missions movement understands the christian good news to be a message for all peoples, of all nations, tribes, cultures and languages.	the christian missions movement believes the christian good news to be a message for all peoples, of all nations, tribes, cultures and languages.
in considering the outcome it is interesting to note that whilst the turkish colonists (who make up the majority in the occupied north) were allowed to vote, the refugees who had fled cyprus had no right to vote in a referendum which would ultimately determine their future (their right to return and right to their property).	in considering the outcome it is interesting to note that whilst the turkish settlers (who make up the majority in the occupied north) were allowed to vote, the refugees who had fled cyprus had no right to vote in a referendum which would ultimately determine their future (their right to return and right to their property).
however, other experts - notably the astrophysicist sir h. william mccrea - showed that dingle's method was riddled with old newtonian ideas, and were thus invalid.	however, other experts - notably the astrophysicist sir h. william mccrea - argued that dingle's method was riddled with old newtonian ideas, and were thus invalid.
their fearless disposition towards the east india company was a motivating factor for many among the general masses and the company's army.	their disposition towards the east india company was a motivating factor for many among the general masses and the company's army.
the center square (h8) is often marked with a star or logo, and counts as a double-word square.	the middle square (h8) is often marked with a star or logo, and counts as a double-word square.
though bork has many moderate critics, some of his arguments have earned criticism from conservatives as well.	though bork has many liberal critics, some of his arguments have earned criticism from conservatives as well.
hasty generalization is the gross fallacy of examining just one or very few examples or studying a single case, and generalizing that to be representative of the whole class of objects or phenomena.	hasty generalization is the fallacy of examining just one or very few examples or studying a single case, and generalizing that to be representative of the whole class of objects or phenomena.
kitni mohabbat hai is a sweet love story where two people with different ideologies fall in love with each other.	kitni mohabbat hai is a love story where two people with different ideologies fall in love with each other.
historically, the smh has been a conservative newspaper as evidenced by the fact that it did not endorse the australian labor party at any election until 1984, or state election until 2003. there have ironically been claims of left-wing bias since that time although the newspaper has tended to side with the conservative coalition.	historically, the smh has been a conservative newspaper as evidenced by the fact that it did not endorse the australian labor party at any election until 1984, or state election until 2003. there have been claims of left-wing bias since that time although the newspaper has tended to side with the conservative coalition.
arabic is often associated with islam, but it is also spoken by arab christians, mizrahi jews and iraqi mandaeans.	arabic is often associated with islam, but it is also spoken by arabic-speaking christians, mizrahi jews and iraqi mandaeans.
his talented nephew raghavanka established the shatpadi metre in his unique and original narration of the story of king harishchandra called harishchandra kavya (1200).	his nephew raghavanka established the shatpadi metre in his unique and original narration of the story of king harishchandra called harishchandra kavya (1200).
gale morgan harold iii (born july 10, 1969) is an american actor widely known for his leading and recurring roles on queer as folk, deadwood, desperate housewives, grey's anatomy, the secret circle and defiance.	gale morgan harold iii (born july 10, 1969) is an american actor known for his leading and recurring roles on queer as folk, deadwood, desperate housewives, grey's anatomy, the secret circle and defiance.
his name is bennett, but his well-known violinist mother is anne stephenson, having remarried.	his name is bennett, but his violinist mother is anne stephenson, having remarried.
davison was awarded the national book council's banjo award for fiction in 1993 and has been shortlisted for several prestigious literary prizes such as the age book of the year award and the victorian premier's literary award.	davison was awarded the national book council's banjo award for fiction in 1993 and has been shortlisted for several literary prizes such as the age book of the year award and the victorian premier's literary award.
selena quintanilla-prez (april 16, 1971 march 31, 1995), known simply as selena, was an american singer and songwriter.	selena quintanilla-prez (april 16, 1971 march 31, 1995), known popularly as selena, was an american singer and songwriter.
the exploitation of child labour was common.	the use of child labour was common.
berners-lee's brilliant breakthrough was to marry hypertext to the internet.	berners-lee's breakthrough was to marry hypertext to the internet.
lu maintains a version of binutils with bleeding-edge features purely for linux.	lu maintains a version of binutils with features purely for linux.
ford was known as an extraordinarily intelligent, erudite and witty man.	ford was widely regarded as an extraordinarily intelligent, erudite and witty man.
"however, the line between ""professional"" and ""amateur"" instruments can often be blurred: professional musicians may use inexpensive keyboards for novelty or out of necessity (for example, reggae music in the '80s made frequent use of pre-programmed rhythm patterns on inexpensive digital keyboards), and due to advances in computer and electronics technology, many relatively inexpensive keyboards (under us$1000) have an array of features that would have been unimaginable on even the most expensive synthesizers of past decades."	"however, the line between ""professional"" and ""amateur"" instruments can often be blurred: professional musicians may use inexpensive keyboards for novelty or out of necessity (for example, reggae music in the '80s made frequent use of pre-programmed rhythm patterns on inexpensive digital keyboards), and due to advances in computer and electronics technology, many relatively inexpensive keyboards (under us$1000) have an array of features that would have been on even the most expensive synthesizers of past decades."
"simmons now boasts his own section of espn.com's page 2, entitled ""sports guy's world"", and in late 2004 launched an awful online cartoon based on his columns."	"simmons now boasts his own section of espn.com's page 2, entitled ""sports guy's world"", and in late 2004 launched an online cartoon based on his columns."
in one glaring example, ulrike meinhof almost blew herself up with an anti-tank grenade during one field exercise .	in one example, ulrike meinhof almost blew herself up with an anti-tank grenade during one field exercise .
in the wake of the 1948 arab-israeli war, mount scopus became a un protected israeli exclave within jordanian- occupied territory until the six-day war in 1967. today, mount scopus lies within the municipal boundaries of the city of jerusalem.	in the wake of the 1948 arab-israeli war, mount scopus became a un protected israeli exclave within jordanian- administered territory until the six-day war in 1967. today, mount scopus lies within the municipal boundaries of the city of jerusalem.
a controlled study of guaifenesin failed to demonstrate any benefits from this controversial treatment.	a controlled study of guaifenesin failed to demonstrate any benefits from this treatment.
it is roughly from the significant archeological site of gobekli tepe, and it has been suggested that the two may be linked to the mythological garden of eden.	it is roughly from the significant archeological site of gobekli tepe, and it has been suggested that the two may be linked to the biblical garden of eden.
"there recently has been a fringe draft movement started by a former thompson political aide in knoxville, tennessee to encourage thompson to run an election campaign for u.s. president in 2008. while thompson has not yet formally announced his intentions, he has said he will ""leave the door open""."	"there recently has been a grass-roots draft movement started by a former thompson political aide in knoxville, tennessee to encourage thompson to run an election campaign for u.s. president in 2008. while thompson has not yet formally announced his intentions, he has said he will ""leave the door open""."
"huffington heads the detroit project, a pressure group lobbying automakers to start producing ""cars that will end our dependence on foreign oil."""	"huffington heads the detroit project, a public interest group lobbying automakers to start producing ""cars that will end our dependence on foreign oil."""
hadith (the alleged sayings of muhammad) is a satanic invention.	hadith (the sayings of muhammad) is a satanic invention.
svr is the official foreign-operations successor to many prior soviet-era foreign intelligence agencies, ranging from the original 'foreign department' of the cheka under lenin, to the dreaded ogpu and nkvd of the stalinist era, followed by the first chief directorate of the kgb.	svr is the official foreign-operations successor to many prior soviet-era foreign intelligence agencies, ranging from the original 'foreign department' of the cheka under lenin, to the ogpu and nkvd of the stalinist era, followed by the first chief directorate of the kgb.
gamora zen whoberi ben titan is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	gamora zen whoberi ben titan is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
the song was an instant success for fantasia when it was released on june 22, 2004. it performed exceptionally well on the radio and sales charts of the united states and canada debuting at number one in both nations.	the song was an instant success for fantasia when it was released on june 22, 2004. it performed well on the radio and sales charts of the united states and canada debuting at number one in both nations.
he was captured after bystanders directed police to a nearby apartment building where he was cowering ; he will be transferred to the shin bet security services for interrogation.	he was captured after bystanders directed police to a nearby apartment building where he was hiding ; he will be transferred to the shin bet security services for interrogation.
storn - marvel official civil war list	storm - marvel official civil war list
the sacred heart is a religious devotion to jesus's physical heart as the representation of the divine love for humanity.	the sacred heart is a religious devotion to jesus's physical heart as the representation of divine love for humanity.
some orthodox authorities, citing a passage in the talmud (kiddushin 8a) describing such an event, permit a male non-kohen married to a bat kohen ( female kohen) to accept pidyon haben money on the bat kohen's behalf.	some orthodox authorities, citing a passage in the talmud (kiddushin 8a) describing such an event, permit a male non-kohen married to a bat kohen ( daughter of a male kohen) to accept pidyon haben money on the bat kohen's behalf.
following his imprisonment after a failed coup, he gained support by exploiting nationalism, antisemitism and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and propaganda.	following his imprisonment after a failed coup, he gained support by promoting nationalism, antisemitism and anti-communism with charismatic oratory and propaganda.
their revolutionary music made them one of the most distinctive soft pop groups of the 1970s.	their music made them one of the most distinctive soft pop groups of the 1970s.
its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and heavily degraded former forest.	its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical moist montanes and degraded former forest.
a beautiful native of los angeles, california, pratt is the eldest of five children.	a native of los angeles, california, pratt is the eldest of five children.
molotov's relationship with stalin deteriorated further, with stalin complaining about molotov's so-called mistakes in a speech to the 19th party congress.	molotov's relationship with stalin deteriorated further, with stalin complaining about molotov's mistakes in a speech to the 19th party congress.
malcolm is a 1986 australian cult film classic ,written by david parker and directed by nadia tass.	malcolm is a 1986 australian cult film , written by david parker and directed by nadia tass.
"as stated in 2005 report by memorial, there is a system of ""conveyor of violence"" in chechen republic (as well as in neighbouring ingushetiya) when a person suspected in crimes connected with activity of separatists squads, is unlawfully detained by members of security agencies, and then disappears."	"as claimed in 2005 report by memorial, there is a system of ""conveyor of violence"" in chechen republic (as well as in neighbouring ingushetiya) when a person suspected in crimes connected with activity of separatists squads, is unlawfully detained by members of security agencies, and then disappears."
new nexus' final appearance as a group on june 27, 2011, prior to cm punk's worked shoot later that night.	new nexus' final appearance as a group on june 27, 2011, prior to cm punk's shoot later that night.
ghazan was convinced to convert to sunni islam by nawrz, and, along with his conversion, changed his first name to the arab name mahmud.	ghazan was convinced to convert to islam by nawrz, and, along with his conversion, changed his first name to the arab name mahmud.
typing it into a real internet browser takes users to the official website for the game.	typing it into a real internet browser redirects users to the official website for the game.
activities that can be termed as state terrorism by sri lanka have generally been in response to uprisings by the janatha vimukthi peramuna or jvp, a marxist and sinhala nationalist political party, or attacks on minority tamil civilians, both before and during the commencement of the violent phase of civil conflict starting in 1983. before the commencement of the violent phase of the civil conflict, most state terrorist actions were in response to non violent political actions by the tamil united liberation front or tulf party.	activities that can be termed as state terrorism by sri lanka have generally been in response to uprisings by the janatha vimukthi peramuna or jvp, a marxist and nationalist political party, or attacks on minority tamil civilians, both before and during the commencement of the violent phase of civil conflict starting in 1983. before the commencement of the violent phase of the civil conflict, most state terrorist actions were in response to non violent political actions by the tamil united liberation front or tulf party.
the publication resulted in protests by angry muslim demonstrators.	the publication resulted in protests by muslim demonstrators.
many rooftop venues feature bleachers, open bar, specialty food items, and a great game-day atmosphere, although the quality of the view can vary depending on the specific rooftop location.	many rooftop venues feature bleachers, open bar, specialty food items, and a unique game-day atmosphere, although the quality of the view can vary depending on the specific rooftop location.
eston kohver (born 1971) is an estonian officer of the estonian internal security service who was kidnapped by the russian fsb on under disputed circumstances, creating a major rift in estoniarussia relations.	eston kohver (born 1971) is an estonian officer of the estonian internal security service who was detained by the russian fsb on under disputed circumstances, creating a major rift in estoniarussia relations.
because of the great confusion between different zebra species, particularly among the anthropocentric general public, the quagga had become extinct before it was realised that it appeared to be a separate species.	because of the great confusion between different zebra species, particularly among the general public, the quagga had become extinct before it was realised that it appeared to be a separate species.
"in january 2011, the bbc issued an apology for ""any offence caused"" to japan by the incident, belatedly recognising ""the sensitivity of the subject matter for japanese viewers""."	"in january 2011, the bbc issued an apology for ""any offence caused"" to japan by the incident, recognising ""the sensitivity of the subject matter for japanese viewers""."
between 2007 and 2011, large numbers of illegal immigrants from the middle east, africa and south asia crossed between turkey and greece, leading greece and the european border protection agency frontex to upgrade border controls.	between 2007 and 2011, large numbers of undocumented immigrants from the middle east, africa and south asia crossed between turkey and greece, leading greece and the european border protection agency frontex to upgrade border controls.
partnership minyanim are a new and relatively small phenomenon within modern orthodox judaism intended to grant more opportunity to jewish women to participate in synagogue services and rituals.	partnership minyanim are a new and relatively small phenomenon within modern orthodox judaism intended to provide more opportunity to jewish women to participate in synagogue services and rituals.
despite this, when sharon is stabbed by gill hollis, (played by matthew macfadyen) gene hunt takes a vengeful attitude and calls hollis a 'cop killer' before allowing chris skelton, ray carling, and eventually himself to brutally attack hollis, despite viv's attempts at moderation.	despite this, when sharon is stabbed by gill hollis, (played by matthew macfadyen) gene hunt takes a vengeful attitude and calls hollis a 'cop killer' before allowing chris skelton, ray carling, and eventually himself to brutally attack hollis, dismissing viv's attempts at moderation.
unocal has been actively cleaning up the site since the mid-90s, inexplicably receiving praise from the sierra club for their habitat restoration work.	unocal has been actively cleaning up the site since the mid-90s, receiving praise from the sierra club for their habitat restoration work.
the tremendous popularity of the harry potter series has translated into substantial financial success for rowling, her publishers, and other harry potter related license holders.	the popularity of the harry potter series has translated into substantial financial success for rowling, her publishers, and other harry potter related license holders.
official us sources state that the defenders were well-prepared, well-positioned and put up stubborn resistance, to the extent that the us called in two battalions of reinforcements on the evening of october 26. the total naval and air superiority of the liberating coalition forces — including helicopter gunships and naval gunfire support — overwhelmed the communist forces.	official us sources state that the defenders were well-prepared, well-positioned and put up stubborn resistance, to the extent that the us called in two battalions of reinforcements on the evening of october 26. the total naval and air superiority of the coalition forces — including helicopter gunships and naval gunfire support — overwhelmed the communist forces.
he claims that he was born again and that he had devoted his life to christ at the age of 12, and he began preaching at 18. he has preached the evangelical gospel to millions of people through large festivals worldwide.	he says that he was born again and that he had devoted his life to christ at the age of 12, and he began preaching at 18. he has preached the evangelical gospel to millions of people through large festivals worldwide.
the growth of this illegitimate movement to ban cow slaughter in the late 1950s and early 1960s gave rise to the vhp.	the growth of this movement to ban cow slaughter in the late 1950s and early 1960s gave rise to the vhp.
it is a good stock base for a soup.	it is a traditional stock base for a soup.
penn live reported a court order connected to this insurance coverage case involving penn state claimed paterno was allegedly told in 1976 about an accusation of child sexual abuse by sandusky.	penn live reported a court order connected to this insurance coverage case involving penn state stated that paterno was allegedly told in 1976 about an accusation of child sexual abuse by sandusky.
nadene quirk was married to fringe auckland blues rugby player jarek goebel when she met jonah in late 2007. goebel was understandably devastated by what happened.	nadene quirk was married to fringe auckland blues rugby player jarek goebel when she met jonah in late 2007. goebel was devastated by what happened.
the game acquired cult status based on its tongue-in-cheek scenario, including a zany introduction by a secret service agent:	the game acquired cult status based on its tongue-in-cheek scenario, including a introduction by a secret service agent:
the album incorporated darker tones, rap rock, r&b, and deep storytelling.	the album incorporated darker tones, rap rock, r&b, and storytelling.
old cross on the grave of seven brave dutchmen	old cross on the grave of seven dutchmen
his predecessor was arrested as a member of the g-15 dissidents .	his predecessor was arrested as a member of the g-15.
holy quran and islam did not forbid women from leading society or prayers.	quran and islam did not forbid women from leading society or prayers.
mr. lesko is frequently seen about town in northern virginia (specifically in centreville, va) sitting in starbuck's using his laptop while wearing his ridiculous question mark suit.	mr. lesko is frequently seen about town in northern virginia (specifically in centreville, va) sitting in starbuck's using his laptop while wearing his question mark suit.
"the supposed ""sex"" frame"	"the alleged ""sex"" frame"
the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) (, kktc), commonly called northern cyprus, is a de facto independent republic, located in the north of the island country of cyprus.	the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) (, kktc), commonly called northern cyprus, is a de facto independent republic, located in the north of the island of cyprus.
gibraltar is a non- self-governing british overseas territory located on the southern end of the iberian peninsula and europe at the entrance of the mediterranean overlooking the strait of gibraltar.	gibraltar is a self-governing british overseas territory located on the southern end of the iberian peninsula and europe at the entrance of the mediterranean overlooking the strait of gibraltar.
there are also some fine ledges of granite rocks.	there are also some ledges of granite rocks.
"the team's success has been particularly outstanding over the past 25 years under lengendary coach mike krzyzewski (often simply called ""coach k"")."	"the team's success has been particularly outstanding over the past 25 years under coach mike krzyzewski (often simply called ""coach k"")."
there are also a few mizos who practice judaism (866 according to the 2001 census) and a modernised traditional mizo religion called hnam sakhua, which puts a particular emphasis on mizo culture and seeks to revive traditional mizo values, while at the same time attacking the decadence brought about by christianity on mizo people.	there are also a few mizos who practice judaism (866 according to the 2001 census) and a modernised traditional mizo religion called hnam sakhua, which puts a particular emphasis on mizo culture and seeks to revive traditional mizo values, while at the same time attacking the influence brought about by christianity on mizo people.
this occurred in september 1945, when soviet-backed communist forces occupied the north and american forces arrived in the southern half of korea.	this occurred in september 1945, when soviet-backed forces occupied the north and american forces arrived in the southern half of korea.
he also authored the historic 1968 naxalbari uprising, the ideology behind which guides red radicals even	he also authored the historic 1968 naxalbari uprising, the ideology behind which guides red revoolutionaries even
beverly gained more notoriety when erin brockovich and ed masry filed three lawsuits in 2003 and 2004 on behalf of 25, 400, and 300 (respectively) former students who attended beverly from the 1970s until the 1990s.	beverly gained notoriety when erin brockovich and ed masry filed three lawsuits in 2003 and 2004 on behalf of 25, 400, and 300 (respectively) former students who attended beverly from the 1970s until the 1990s.
princess mary of teck (victoria mary augusta louise olga pauline claudine agnes) (26 may 1867 – 24 march 1953), later queen mary, was the queen consort of george v of the united kingdom.	mary of teck (victoria mary augusta louise olga pauline claudine agnes) (26 may 1867 – 24 march 1953), later queen mary, was the queen consort of george v of the united kingdom.
as a member of the wikipedia community, i would like to remind you of wikipedia's non -point-of-view policy for editors.	as a member of the wikipedia community, i would like to remind you of wikipedia's nuetral -point-of-view policy for editors.
he competed in indycar racing before graduating to nascar's winston cup series (now sprint cup series).	he competed in indycar racing before moving to nascar's winston cup series (now sprint cup series).
this is primarily due to the unfair incentives the airport is offering to elite.	this is primarily due to the incentives the airport is offering to elite.
this was not even o'connor's first go-around with saturday night live; earlier she had refused to appear on a show hosted by misogynistic comedian andrew dice clay.	this was not even o'connor's first go-around with saturday night live; earlier she had refused to appear on a show hosted by comedian andrew dice clay.
all realising a bike that was an absolute innovation in the history of ducati: the first sports tourer in the world.	all realising a bike that was an innovation in the history of ducati: the first sports tourer in the world.
"metal gear solid 4 has so far received has received ""near-universal acclaim"" from critics, with a 94% aggregate rating at metacritic and a 92% aggregate on game rankings."	"metal gear solid 4 so far received has received ""near-universal acclaim"" from critics, with a 94% aggregate rating at metacritic and a 92% aggregate on game rankings."
however, disabling the administrative shares doesn't mitigate any real significant security risks, but only keeps nuisance administrators from casually browsing the shared contents.	however, disabling the administrative shares doesn't mitigate any real significant security risks, but only keeps administrators from casually browsing the shared contents.
ideology = conservatism, neoconservatism |	ideology = conservatism, centrist |
the disabled persons railcard enables users to enjoy special offers from partner companies including holiday inn, ramada jarvis hotels, crowne plaza hotels, and tio pepe restaurants.	the disabled persons railcard enables users to avail of special offers from partner companies including holiday inn, ramada jarvis hotels, crowne plaza hotels, and tio pepe restaurants.
belligerent military occupation, when a country or area is occupied after invasion.	military occupation, when a country or area is occupied after invasion.
the poem is written in the east franconian dialect; it relates in earnest language the creation, fall, and redemption of mankind .	the poem is written in the east franconian dialect; it relates in earnest language the creation, fall, and redemption of humankind .
empress farah pahlavi (ne diba, born october 14, 1938) is the widow and third wife of mohammad reza pahlavi (the late shah of iran) and the only shahbanu (empress) of modern iran.	farah pahlavi (ne diba, born october 14, 1938) is the widow and third wife of mohammad reza pahlavi (the late shah of iran) and the only shahbanu (empress) of modern iran.
the released herders disappeared and probably immediately betrayed the team's location to local taliban forces and within an hour the seals were engaged in a fire-fight against a force of enemy fighters, with estimates of their number varying between 80 and 150. the seal team engaged the taliban for over two hours in a running fire-fight through the region's hills and valleys.	the released herders disappeared and probably immediately told the team's location to local taliban forces and within an hour the seals were engaged in a fire-fight against a force of enemy fighters, with estimates of their number varying between 80 and 150. the seal team engaged the taliban for over two hours in a running fire-fight through the region's hills and valleys.
theory of a deadman is a critically-maligned rock band from vancouver, canada signed by nickelback's chad kroeger to roadrunner records.	theory of a deadman is a rock band from vancouver, canada signed by nickelback's chad kroeger to roadrunner records.
the gang of four's heavy hand in political and media control, however, did not prevent deng from reinstating progressive economic policies.	the gang of four's heavy hand in political and media control, however, did not prevent deng from reinstating his economic policies.
according to the mejlis of the crimean tatar people, voter turnout at pseudo-referendum in crimea was maximum 30-40 percent.	according to the mejlis of the crimean tatar people, voter turnout at the referendum in crimea was maximum 30-40 percent.
the second and most remembered spin-off of the show was the jeffersons, created in 1975, which lasted 11 seasons over all in the family's 9 seasons.	the second and arguably best- remembered spin-off of the show was the jeffersons, created in 1975, which lasted 11 seasons over all in the family's 9 seasons.
in 2012, he took on the symbolic role as chancellor of london south bank university.	in 2012, he took on the role as chancellor of london south bank university.
some members of the public may in fact perceive the use of force by police as excessive even when the force used is appropriate .	some members of the public may in fact perceive the use of force by police as excessive even when the force used is lawful .
"instead of issuing an official denial of those words, carlo giovanardi, minister for the relations with parliament in berlusconi's government, coldly confirmed fini's words, saying ""...that he told the truth""."	"instead of issuing an official denial of those words, carlo giovanardi, minister for the relations with parliament in berlusconi's government, confirmed fini's words, saying ""...that he told the truth""."
the message was somewhat obscured in the u.s. media, though, as the monica lewinsky scandal curiously broke upon the pope's visit to cuba.	the message was somewhat obscured in the u.s. media, though, as the monica lewinsky scandal broke upon the pope's visit to cuba.
it was the site of a spectacular meeting that took place from 7 june to 24 june 1520, between king henry viii of england and king francis i of france.	it was the site of a meeting that took place from 7 june to 24 june 1520, between king henry viii of england and king francis i of france.
the us state department was aware of the use and the location of the gas chambers of extermination camps, but stubbornly refused pleas to bomb them out of operation.	the us state department was aware of the use and the location of the gas chambers of extermination camps, but refused pleas to bomb them out of operation.
estate agents are unsurprisingly generous in defining the areas of wealthy areas such as the new town.	estate agents are generous in defining the areas of wealthy areas such as the new town.
the sports organisation of the dvp was the sv dynamo	the sports orgaisation of the dvp was the sv dynamo
salerno died tragically in a snowmobile accident on the night of january 24, 2008 on plum lake near sayner/eagle river, wisconsin.	salerno died in a snowmobile accident on the night of january 24, 2008 on plum lake near sayner/eagle river, wisconsin.
increasing global temperature will cause sea levels to rise and will change the amount and pattern of precipitation, probably including expansion of subtropical deserts.	an increase in global temperature will cause sea levels to rise and will change the amount and pattern of precipitation, probably including expansion of subtropical deserts.
subsequently, 111th brigade of the pakistan army entered the supreme court building and removed chaudhry and several other honourable judges from the supreme court.	subsequently, 111th brigade of the pakistan army entered the supreme court building and removed chaudhry and several other judges from the supreme court.
the university is located just outside of the greater greenville area and is just two hours away from atlanta, georgia, charlotte, north carolina and columbia.	the university is located just outside of the greater greenville area and is approximately two hours away from atlanta, georgia, charlotte, north carolina and columbia.
by 1897, native speakers of romanian and moldovan made up only around 7% of bender's population, while 33,4 % were jews.	by 1897, speakers of romanian and moldovan made up only around 7% of bender's population, while 33,4 % were jews.
physicians who actually use alternative medicine in their practice are said to be practicing complementary medicine.	physicians who use alternative medicine in their practice are said to be practicing complementary medicine.
a water-fuelled car is a hypothetical motor car that uses ordinary water as its fuel.	a water-fuelled car is a motor car that uses ordinary water as its fuel.
dembski has published several popular books, but has published no papers on intelligent design within the peer-reviewed scientific literature.	dembski has published several books, but has published no papers on intelligent design within the peer-reviewed scientific literature.
this category lists persons who are deaf or profoundly hard of hearing.	this category lists persons who are deaf or hard of hearing.
inspired by the apparent success of the haitian revolution, the origins of black and african indigenous nationalism in political thought lie in the 19th century with people like marcus garvey, henry mcneal turner, martin delany, henry highland garnet, edward wilmot blyden, paul cuffe, etc.	inspired by the success of the haitian revolution, the origins of black and african indigenous nationalism in political thought lie in the 19th century with people like marcus garvey, henry mcneal turner, martin delany, henry highland garnet, edward wilmot blyden, paul cuffe, etc.
bum-soo and jun-ki looked very solemn upon their friend's passing .	bum-soo and jun-ki looked very solemn upon their friend's death .
the zen is a line of digital audio players and portable media players made by creative technology.	the zen is an award-winning line of digital audio players and portable media players made by creative technology.
she spent several years at two different schools, including roedean, but mitra claims she was eventually expelled from both of them.	she spent several years at two different schools, including roedean, but mitra says she was eventually expelled from both of them.
where the neutral good ehlonna advocates the beauty and goodness of unspoiled nature, the true neutral obad-hai sees nature as brutal and uncompromising.	where the chaotic good ehlonna advocates the beauty and goodness of unspoiled nature, the true neutral obad-hai sees nature as brutal and uncompromising.
photographs of catsouras' badly disfigured body were published on the internet, leading her family to take legal action due to the alleged distress this caused.	photographs of catsouras' badly disfigured body were published on the internet, leading her family to take legal action due to the distress this caused.
george michael zimmerman (born october 5, 1983) is an american murderer known for the fatal shooting of trayvon martin on february 26, 2012, in sanford, florida.	george michael zimmerman (born october 5, 1983) is an american known for the fatal shooting of trayvon martin on february 26, 2012, in sanford, florida.
yet, the ps2 initially sold well only on the basis of the strength of the playstation brand and its backwards compatibility, selling over 900,000 units in the first weekend in japan.	yet, the ps2 initially sold well partly on the basis of the strength of the playstation brand and its backwards compatibility, selling over 900,000 units in the first weekend in japan.
darbandokeh is the birthplace of many great assyrians.	darbandokeh is the birthplace of many renowned assyrians.
beginning in december 1995, u.s. and other nations deployed peacekeeping forces to bosnia in support of operation joint endeavour.	beginning in december 1995, u.s. and other nations deployed forces to bosnia in support of operation joint endeavour.
historical meeting between indonesia and the philippines first began at the asian games in 1958, when indonesia massacred philippines with a score of 5-2. since then they met a total of 17 times, 16 times indonesia wins and only one draw.	historical meeting between indonesia and the philippines first began at the asian games in 1958, when indonesia beat the philippines with a score of 5-2. since then they met a total of 17 times, 16 times indonesia wins and only one draw.
in other traditions of hinduism, even smarta followers of adi shankara adore vishnu as their god, who is considered to be one of five equal bonafide forms of god in the panchadeva system.	in other traditions of hinduism, smarta followers of adi shankara adore vishnu as their god, who is considered to be one of five equal bonafide forms of god in the panchadeva system.
mutual references also contacted manela bustamante, a very successful cuban-born comedienne , famous for her role of cachucha in cuban radio and television.	mutual references also contacted manela bustamante, a very successful cuban-born comedian , famous for her role of cachucha in cuban radio and television.
journalist john cassidy says trump is transforming the gop into a populist, nativist party:	journalist john cassidy wrote in the new yorker trump is transforming the gop into a populist, nativist party:
masakali is a popular hindi song from the 2009 bollywood film delhi-6.	masakali is a hindi song from the 2009 bollywood film delhi-6.
"edward peters, in his book inquisition, describes that over the several centuries of operation, the number of executions due to this kind of ""treason"" was significantly less than the same practices carried out in protestant england and parts of germany."	"edward peters, in his book inquisition, says that over the several centuries of operation, the number of executions due to this kind of ""treason"" was significantly less than the same practices carried out in protestant england and parts of germany."
"he left the show in 1977 after a difference of opinion with new young editor michael blakstad, who cruelly referred to him in a press interview as ""the last of the dinosaurs""."	"he left the show in 1977 after a difference of opinion with new young editor michael blakstad, who referred to him in a press interview as ""the last of the dinosaurs""."
the magazine includes a first-rate book review section, scientists' bookshelf, and several regular columns that cover topics in computing, engineering, public and professional issues and reflections on the history and practice of science.	the magazine includes a book review section, scientists' bookshelf, and several regular columns that cover topics in computing, engineering, public and professional issues and reflections on the history and practice of science.
bracha l. ettinger (also known as bracha ettinger, bracha lichtenberg ettinger, hebrew: , -) is an major international artist, painter, photographer, theorist and psychoanalyst.	bracha l. ettinger (also known as bracha ettinger, bracha lichtenberg ettinger, hebrew: , -) is an international artist, painter, photographer, theorist and psychoanalyst.
a drug used for purposes perceived as recreational ; see:	a drug used for purposes perceived as other than medicinal ; see:
"on march 1, 1987, channel 2 was relaunched with the live musical special, ""the star network: ang pagbabalik ng bituin"" (the return of the star) which noted for the famous numerical white tri-ribbon channel 2 logo laced with a white rhombidal star (from 19881992 the ribbons were tri-colored in red, green and blue) as a centerpiece of the network's revival to return its glory days."	"on march 1, 1987, channel 2 was relaunched with the live musical special, ""the star network: ang pagbabalik ng bituin"" (the return of the star) which noted for the numerical white tri-ribbon channel 2 logo laced with a white rhombidal star (from 19881992 the ribbons were tri-colored in red, green and blue) as a centerpiece of the network's revival to return its glory days."
key transport junctions include trnavsk mto, raianske mto, patrnka, the main rail station, and others.	transport junctions include trnavsk mto, raianske mto, patrnka, the main rail station, and others.
revision3 corporation is a san francisco based internet television network that creates, produces and distributes high-quality video shows on niche topics.	revision3 corporation is a san francisco based internet television network that creates, produces and distributes video shows on niche topics.
taltopia features many forms of artistic expression, organized in a comprehensive category structure which currently includes music, art, acting, dance, comedy, modeling, and other.	taltopia features different forms of artistic expression, organized in a comprehensive category structure which currently includes music, art, acting, dance, comedy, modeling, and other.
dorset is the setting of the novels of thomas hardy, who was born near the quiet county town of dorchester.	dorset is the setting of the novels of thomas hardy, who was born near the county town of dorchester.
nick estcourt (1942-1978) outstanding british climber killed on k2 by an avalanche.	nick estcourt (1942-1978) british climber killed on k2 by an avalanche.
in physics and mathematics, mirror symmetry is a surprising relation that can exist between two calabi-yau manifolds.	in physics and mathematics, mirror symmetry is a relation that can exist between two calabi-yau manifolds.
the series, loosely comparable to the 1961 nbc hit dr. kildare, starring richard chamberlain and raymond massey, reveals the human stories of people who come to the psychiatrist either through private practice, a hospital, or a court of law.	the series, loosely comparable to the 1961 nbc series dr. kildare, starring richard chamberlain and raymond massey, reveals the human stories of people who come to the psychiatrist either through private practice, a hospital, or a court of law.
the two had a phenomenal match with a great deal of mat and chain wrestling, but angle won, via cheating, and started a feud between the two, during which they had a variety of specialty matches.	the two had a match with a great deal of mat and chain wrestling, but angle won, via cheating, and started a feud between the two, during which they had a variety of specialty matches.
the magi are the three super-computers, melchior, balthasar and casper, that appear in the anime series neon genesis evangelion, which features many images from judeo-christian mythology .	the magi are the three super-computers, melchior, balthasar and casper, that appear in the anime series neon genesis evangelion, which features many images from judeo-christian stories .
some good situationist studies include: zimbardo's stanford prison experiment, bystander experiments, obedience experiments like milgram experiment and heat and aggression experiments.	some notable situationist studies include: zimbardo's stanford prison experiment, bystander experiments, obedience experiments like milgram experiment and heat and aggression experiments.
he made other poor strategic choices, such as allowing lee to invade the north on two occasions while the western armies were under very heavy pressure.	he made other controversial strategic choices, such as allowing lee to invade the north on two occasions while the western armies were under very heavy pressure.
in 1951, the dalai lama and the tibetan government accepts the seventeen point agreement for the peaceful liberation of tibet by which it became formally incorporated into the people's republic of china.	in 1951, the dalai lama and the tibetan government were pressurized into accepting the seventeen point agreement for the peaceful liberation of tibet by which it became formally incorporated into the people's republic of china.
using colors like yellow and orange provoke excitement in the consumer; colors like blue and green establish trust, cleanliness, and calmness; red is a very unique color in that it can provoke a sense of warning and danger but also at the same time, draw attention away from any other color.	using colors like yellow and orange provoke excitement in the consumer; colors like blue and green establish trust, cleanliness, and calmness; red is a unique color in that it can provoke a sense of warning and danger but also at the same time, draw attention away from any other color.
michael anthony richards (born july 24, 1949) is an american actor and comedian, best known for his portrayal of the eccentric cosmo kramer on the television sitcom seinfeld.	michael anthony richards (born july 24, 1949) is a racist american actor and comedian, best known for his portrayal of the eccentric cosmo kramer on the television sitcom seinfeld.
currently, only the i386 (32-bit x86) release of ubuntu is officially supported by wubi and lubi, though the installer can be run on both 32-bit i386 and 64-bit amd64 host operating systems.	currently, only the i386 (32-bit x86) release of ubuntu is officially supported by wubi and lubi, though the installer can be run on both 32-bit i386 and 64-bit x86-64 host operating systems.
in january 2017, al jazeera alleged that the ujs (union of jewish students) and the israeli embassy in london were involved in a campaign to discredit bouattia with claims of antisemitism and to seek to block her election and later to attempt to remove her.	in january 2017, al jazeera stated that the ujs (union of jewish students) and the israeli embassy in london were involved in a campaign to discredit bouattia with claims of antisemitism and to seek to block her election and later to attempt to remove her.
john mccain was aware of the situation, but decided that it would not affect his choice of palin as his vice presidential nominee.	john mccain claims to have been aware of the situation, but decided that it would not affect his choice of palin as his vice presidential nominee.
the crowd initially assembled without incident, but violence broke out after a large segment of the mostly white australians bashed a man of middle eastern appearance into a hotel and another middle eastern youth was assaulted on a train.	the crowd initially assembled without incident, but violence broke out after a large segment of the mostly white australians chased a man of middle eastern appearance into a hotel and another middle eastern youth was assaulted on a train.
a poll the following year showed that only one in four smokers said that the new tax changed their habit.	a poll the following year showed that one in four smokers said that the new tax changed their habit.
the persecution was especially severe in the province of tabasco, where the atheist governor toms garrido canabal had founded and actively encouraged fascist paramilitary groups (called the red-shirts).	the persecution was especially severe in the province of tabasco, where the anti-clerical governor toms garrido canabal had founded and actively encouraged fascist paramilitary groups (called the red-shirts).
he was married twice, to maura smyth and, following her tragic death after she drowned in a bath whilst having an epileptic seizure, to her sister, nuala smyth.	he was married twice, to maura smyth and, following her death after she drowned in a bath whilst having an epileptic seizure, to her sister, nuala smyth.
causing hrushevskoho street riots	hrushevskoho street riots
"in 2007, the left-leaning mother jones news magazine said that the times had become ""essential reading for political news junkies"" soon after its founding, and quoted james gavin, special assistant to bo hi pak:"	"in 2007, the mother jones news magazine said that the times had become ""essential reading for political news junkies"" soon after its founding, and quoted james gavin, special assistant to bo hi pak:"
models like teenager lily cole, who has actually always been a uk size 10 and is naturally slim and healthy, are main talking points in the on-going debate of the size 0 figure, particularly about whether it is natural or healthy.	models like teenager lily cole, who has actually always been a uk size 10 and claims to be naturally slim and healthy, are main talking points in the on-going debate of the size 0 figure, particularly about whether it is natural or healthy.
iryna dovhan is a 52-53 year old russophone ukrainian, and a native of yasynuvata (a donetsk suburb), who was abducted by pro-russian insurgents of the vostok battalion.	iryna dovhan is a 52-53 year old ukrainian, and a native of yasynuvata (a donetsk suburb), who was abducted by pro-russian insurgents of the vostok battalion.
at the 2001 federal election brown was re-elected to the senate with a greatly increased vote, and was outspoken on prime minister john howard's refusal to allow 450 refugees (mostly from afghanistan) to land on christmas island after they had been rescued from their sinking boat in the indian ocean by the tampa, a norwegian freighter.	at the 2001 federal election brown was re-elected to the senate with a greatly increased vote, and was outspoken on prime minister john howard's refusal to allow 450 asylum seekers (mostly from afghanistan) to land on christmas island after they had been rescued from their sinking boat in the indian ocean by the tampa, a norwegian freighter.
valeria raquel mazza (born february 17, 1972) is an argentine supermodel	valeria raquel mazza (born february 17, 1972) is an argentine model.
prince david bagrationi-mukhrani and hrh princess anna bagrationi-gruzinski at their marriage in tbilisi in 2008	prince david bagrationi-mukhrani and princess anna bagrationi-gruzinski at their marriage in tbilisi in 2008
in both of those years he was opposed by a libertarian richard kerr, but mollohan won handily .	in both of those years he was opposed by a libertarian richard kerr, but mollohan won.
after a brief stint in chernigov, where he built the majestic church of st. paraskebas, rurik, along with his kinsmen and a cuman army, attacked and sacked kiev in 1203, but was repelled until roman's death in 1205. rurik had been confined to a monastery in 1204, but he abandoned his holy vows and returned to the throne.	after a brief stint in chernigov, where he built the church of st. paraskebas , rurik, along with his kinsmen and a cuman army, attacked and sacked kiev in 1203, but was repelled until roman's death in 1205. rurik had been confined to a monastery in 1204, but he abandoned his holy vows and returned to the throne.
in a controversial incident on may 13, medical students protesting in mumbai were brutally lathi-charged (baton-charged) by the police.	in a controversial incident on may 13, medical students protesting in mumbai were lathi-charged (baton-charged) by the police.
it is often used to justify bad things such as greed, aggression and suffering.	it is often used to justify things such as greed, aggression and suffering.
the monbusho (monbukagakusho) scholarship is a prestigious scholarship offered by the japanese government.	the monbusho (monbukagakusho) scholarship is a scholarship offered by the japanese government.
william emerson, a unitarian minister, from a famous line of ministers.	william emerson, a unitarian minister, from a well-known line of ministers.
"the taiwan government's official said, the import of pandas was under the terms of ""species of traditional herbal medicine""."	"the roc government's official said, the import of pandas was under the terms of ""species of traditional herbal medicine""."
"nootropics, or so-called ""smart drugs,"" are substances used to increase the faculties of the mind."	"nootropics, or so-called ""smart drugs,"" are substances alleged to increase the faculties of the mind."
after his sports and meat packing debacle , pocklingon proceeded to involve himself in various other ventures.	after his sports and meat packing difficulties , pocklingon proceeded to involve himself in various other ventures.
john doan (born may 16, 1951) is a harp guitarist, emmy-nominated composer, historian, instrument collector, and university professor.	john doan (born may 16, 1951) is a harp guitarist, composer, historian, instrument collector, and university professor.
it is therefore unsurprising that clear evidence has been found of a relationship between attitudes in morality and politics.	it is therefore unsurprising that evidence has been found of a relationship between attitudes in morality and politics.
sons of confederate veterans (scv) is an organization dedicated to preserving the history of the american civil war and the 1861-1865 era.	sons of confederate veterans (scv) is an organization dedicated to advancing its conception of the history of the american civil war and the 1861-1865 era.
a redheaded male bount, wears strange blue clothing, has a tongue-stud, and seems to be quite cocky in his speech and manners.	a redheaded male bount, wears sleek blue clothing, has a tongue-stud, and seems to be quite cocky in his speech and manners.
karasu is a beautiful town situated in the western black sea coast.	karasu is a town situated in the western black sea coast.
"also tosh was known for his excessive use of words like ""bumbo klaat"", ""rasclaat"" and ""bloodclaat"", which have the same significance in jamaica as the word fuck in the rest of the english-speaking world."	"also tosh was known for his frequent use of words like ""bumbo klaat"", ""rasclaat"" and ""bloodclaat"", which have the same significance in jamaica as the word fuck in the rest of the english-speaking world."
graves's poemstogether with his translations and innovative analysis and interpretations of the greek myths, his memoir of his early life, including his role in the first world war, goodbye to all that, and his pseudo-historical study of poetic inspiration, the white goddesshave never been out of print.	graves's poemstogether with his translations and innovative analysis and interpretations of the greek myths, his memoir of his early life, including his role in the first world war, goodbye to all that, and his speculative study of poetic inspiration, the white goddesshave never been out of print.
hairspray appears to also be encumbered with arccos.	hairspray appears to also be protected with arccos.
after world war i, the prestigious and respected rank of generalfeldmarschal or field marshal was banned, along side other harsh military restrictions imposed on the newly formed weimar republic.	after world war i, the prestigious and respected rank of generalfeldmarschal or field marshal was banned, along side other military restrictions imposed on the newly formed weimar republic.
"nicknamed as an asian tiger, it is still among the world's fastest growing developed countries and a next eleven state, expected to surpass the income per capita of germany, uk and france by 2025. today, its success story is known as the ""miracle on the han river"", a role model for many developing countries."	"nicknamed as an asian tiger, it is still among the world's fastest growing developed countries and a next eleven state, forecasted to surpass the income per capita of germany, uk and france by 2025. today, its success story is known as the ""miracle on the han river"", a role model for many developing countries."
john poston's grave, the brother of charles poston who was murdered by mexicans at cerro colorado, arizona in 1861.	john poston's grave, the brother of charles poston who was murdered by mexican outlaws at cerro colorado, arizona in 1861.
klckner stadium is home to several great programs, including virginia men's soccer.	klckner stadium is home to several athletic programs, including virginia men's soccer.
on 29 november 2011 it was announced that the original harry ramsden's restaurant in guiseley, leeds, would close amid claims from the owners that it was losing money and that any refurbishment to make it profitable would not be viable.	on 29 november 2011 it was announced that the original harry ramsden's restaurant in guiseley, leeds, would close amid statements from the owners that it was losing money and that any refurbishment to make it profitable would not be viable.
the legendary gator backfield	the gator backfield
category:ukrainian composers -minor	category:ukrainian composers
this followed criticism of akionla 's allegedly high handed leadership style and of his alleged failure to confront nigerian president obasanjo as other christian leaders had .	this followed criticism of akinola 's allegedly high handed leadership style and of his alleged failure to confront nigerian president obasanjo as other christian leaders had .
whatever the nitpicking details of hardy's background, there can be little doubt, however, that coming from a struggling, large catholic family, dependent mostly on the sole income of their father, hardy knew quite well what poverty was.	whatever the details of hardy's background, there can be little doubt, however, that coming from a struggling, large catholic family, dependent mostly on the sole income of their father, hardy knew quite well what poverty was.
bandhan (english translation: relation) is a 1969 hindi film directed by narendra bedi and starring superstar rajesh khanna and mumtaz in the lead roles.	bandhan (english translation: relation) is a 1969 hindi film directed by narendra bedi and starring rajesh khanna and mumtaz in the lead roles.
pioniri symbolunion of pioneers of yugoslavia (serbo-croatian: savez pionira jugoslavije/ ; ; ) was the indoctrinational pioneer movement of the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia.	pioniri symbolunion of pioneers of yugoslavia (serbo-croatian: savez pionira jugoslavije/ ; ; ) was the pioneer movement of the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia.
joan fraser, quebec , deputy leader of the opposition in the senate	joan fraser, northern ontario , deputy leader of the opposition in the senate
the film shows the contrast between traditional chinese ideas of dignified relationships within a family and the much more informal western emphasis on the individual.	the film shows the contrast between traditional chinese ideas of confucian relationships within a family and the much more informal western emphasis on the individual.
"his prophetic poetry has been said to form ""what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the english language""."	"his poetry has been said to form ""what is in proportion to its merits the least read body of poetry in the english language""."
"elo had reached the peak of their stardom, selling millions of albums and singles, and even inspiring a parody/tribute song on the randy newman album born again aptly titled ""the story of a rock and roll band""."	"elo had reached the peak of their stardom, selling millions of albums and singles, and even inspiring a parody/tribute song on the randy newman album born again , titled ""the story of a rock and roll band""."
together after each season of survivor has wrapped-up they host a two-hour celebrity superfan roundtable on howard 101, where they bring in big name hollywood stars such as actor david arquette, la weatherbabe jillian reynolds, producer damon lindelof, singer mark mcgrath, actor jerry o'connell, actor ryan phillippe, comedienne sarah silverman, and actor steven weber to discuss their favorite moments on the stern show.	together after each season of survivor has wrapped-up they host a two-hour celebrity superfan roundtable on howard 101, where they bring in big name hollywood stars such as actor david arquette, la weatherbabe jillian reynolds, producer damon lindelof, singer mark mcgrath, actor jerry o'connell, actor ryan phillippe, comedian sarah silverman, and actor steven weber to discuss their favorite moments on the stern show.
as a teenager in london, philip first developed his skills as a cut-and-paste artist active in the city's freestyle bicycle/skateboard subculture.	as a teenager in london, philip developed his skills as a cut-and-paste artist active in the city's freestyle bicycle/skateboard subculture.
reaganomics (a portmanteau of reagan and economics attributed to paul harvey ) refers to the successful economic policies promoted by united states president ronald reagan during the 1980s.	reaganomics (a portmanteau of reagan and economics attributed to paul harvey ) refers to the economic policies promoted by united states president ronald reagan during the 1980s.
1987 - jensen ackles, amazing american actor	1987 - jensen ackles, american actor
the name macedonia comes from the ancient macedonian word .	the name macedonia comes from the ancient greek word .
controversial blogger ezra levant has argued that warman's actions as a plaintiff before the canadian human rights commissions are tantamount to censorship in the name of human rights.	columnist and blogger ezra levant has argued that warman's actions as a plaintiff before the canadian human rights commissions are tantamount to censorship in the name of human rights.
now a lovely vista of puttershoek can be captured on camera looking towards the traditional styled dutch, drawbridge, the scandinavian quarter, the church, and harbour.	now a vista of puttershoek can be captured on camera looking towards the traditional styled dutch, drawbridge, the scandinavian quarter, the church, and harbour.
"the history of matches between them shows a slight advantage to boca juniors, though boca fans call their river counterparts ""hijos nuestros"" (""our sons"") in allusion to statistics slightly favouring their team."	"the history of matches between them shows a slight advantage to boca juniors, though boca fans call their river counterparts ""hijos nuestros"" (""our sons"") in allusion to statistics favouring their team."
the racist spanish magistrate of ibarra could not accept the notion that a native could read and write, or write knowledgeably about history.	the spanish magistrate of ibarra could not accept the notion that a native could read and write, or write knowledgeably about history.
the decline in crime was a general trend throughout the us, even in those parts of the country without three strikes laws ( it should also be noted that, being that there are only 2 million people even in the prison system, it's highly unlikely that the hundred thousand or so unjustly locked away for life under california's law would've even been capable of committing those two million crimes three strikes is being praised for reducing.	the decline in crime was a general trend throughout the us, even in those parts of the country without three strikes laws ( it should also be noted that, being that there are only 2 million people even in the prison system, it's highly unlikely that the hundred thousand or so locked away for life under california's law would've even been capable of committing those two million crimes three strikes is being praised for reducing.
notable false suicides/survivors	false suicides/survivors
the mau mau uprising (also known as the mau mau revolt, mau mau rebellion and kenya emergency) was a military conflict that took place in kenya between 1952 and 1960. it involved kikuyu-dominated criminal groups summarily called mau mau and elements of the british army, the local kenya regiment mostly consisting of the british, auxiliaries and anti-mau mau kikuyu.	the mau mau uprising (also known as the mau mau revolt, mau mau rebellion and kenya emergency) was a military conflict that took place in kenya between 1952 and 1960. it involved kikuyu-dominated groups summarily called mau mau and elements of the british army, the local kenya regiment mostly consisting of the british, auxiliaries and anti-mau mau kikuyu.
also, in 1998, some 250 hectares of land were used in switzerland to grow cannabis, yielding more than 100 tons of narcotics per year.	also, in 1998, some 250 hectares of land were used in switzerland to grow cannabis, yielding more than 100 tons of cannabis per year.
this is a source of great relief to many australian viewers of house who tire of seeing australians play americans, such as rachel griffiths in six feet under or being subjected to the usually woeful attempts by american actors to play australians, such as many atrocious bit-parts in lost.	this is a source of great relief to many australian viewers of house who tire of seeing australians play americans, such as rachel griffiths in six feet under or being subjected to the usually woeful attempts by american actors to play australians, such as many questionable bit-parts in lost.
he identified the cause of the outbreak as the public water pump in broad street, and sabotaged it, thus ending the outbreak.	he identified the cause of the outbreak as the public water pump in broad street, and disabled it, thus ending the outbreak.
some conspiracy theorists charged that president fdr willingly allowed the attack to happen in order to create a pretext for war but no credible evidence supports that claim.	some conspiracy theorists charged that president franklin d. roosevelt willingly allowed the attack to happen in order to create a pretext for war but no credible evidence supports that claim.
in the distance within the crowd, chinese supporters steal a tibetan flag from a protester and tear it to pieces.	in the distance within the crowd, chinese supporters take a tibetan flag from a protester and tear it to pieces.
krasnodar krai borders, clockwise from the west, ukraine from which it is separated by the strait of kerch and the sea of azovrussia's rostov oblast, stavropol krai, and the karachaycherkess republic, and georgia's breakaway republic of abkhazia.	krasnodar krai borders, clockwise from the west, crimea from which it is separated by the strait of kerch and the sea of azovrussia's rostov oblast, stavropol krai, and the karachaycherkess republic, and georgia's breakaway republic of abkhazia.
he is a senior columnist at haaretz whose views on israel evoke impassioned controversy.	he is a senior columnist at haaretz whose views on israel evoke controversy.
lyse doucet (born 24 december, 1958 in bathurst, new brunswick, canada) is a popular presenter and correspondent for both bbc world service radio and bbc world television.	lyse doucet (born 24 december, 1958 in bathurst, new brunswick, canada) is a presenter and correspondent for both bbc world service radio and bbc world television.
opponents say that no such firearm has previously been used during commitment of a terror attack in eu.	opponents point out that no such firearm has previously been used during commitment of a terror attack in eu.
natural gas supplies to jordan and israel are hit by an explosion in the arab gas pipeline in the town of arish in north sinai near egypt's border with israel with an armed gang believed responsible.	natural gas supplies to jordan and israel are hit by an explosion in the arab gas pipeline in the town of arish in north sinai near egypt's border with israel with an armed group believed responsible.
"within hours of the shootings, former presidential candidate mike huckabee was quoted on fox news, connecting the cause of the shootings to the so-called ""removal of god"" from schools, saying ""we ask why there is violence in our schools, but we have systematically removed god from our schools,"" and further asked ""should we be so surprised that schools would become a place of carnage?"""	"within hours of the shootings, former presidential candidate mike huckabee was quoted on fox news, connecting the cause of the shootings to the ""removal of god"" from schools, saying ""we ask why there is violence in our schools, but we have systematically removed god from our schools,"" and further asked ""should we be so surprised that schools would become a place of carnage?"""
the acclaimed campus is home to 16,000 gm engineers, designers, and technicians and has been the center of the company's engineering effort for 50 years.	the campus is home to 16,000 gm engineers, designers, and technicians and has been the center of the company's engineering effort for 50 years.
according to the organization's website , deloitte has approximately 165,000 professionals at work in 140 countries, delivering audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services through its member firms.	according to the organization's website , deloitte has approximately 165,000 staff at work in 140 countries, delivering audit, tax, consulting and financial advisory services through its member firms.
in 1900 the population was 3117, all romanists and german-speaking.	in 1900 the population was 3117, all roman catholic and german-speaking.
of course, huacas were sometimes idols to false gods.	of course, huacas were sometimes idols to gods.
"the garib rath (literally: ""poor man 's chariot "") is a no-frills air-conditioned train started by the indian railways in 2005 to provide cheaper air-conditioned travel to passengers who could not afford normal fares of air conditioned class in normal trains."	"the garib rath (literally: ""poor people 's chariot "") is a no-frills air-conditioned train started by the indian railways in 2005 to provide cheaper air-conditioned travel to passengers who could not afford normal fares of air conditioned class in normal trains."
stage west will present jerry springer - the opera january 25 through february 10, 2008 at the stoner theater in beautiful downtown des moines, iowa.	stage west will present jerry springer - the opera january 25 through february 10, 2008 at the stoner theater in downtown des moines, iowa.
karl marx, as well as some other communist philosophers, purposely never provided a detailed description as to how communism would function as a social system, but instead tried to show that wage labour, communal ownership of the means of production and the end of wage labour would inevitably arise due to contradictions and class conflicts existing in capitalism.	karl marx, as well as some other communist philosophers, never provided a detailed description as to how communism would function as a social system, but instead tried to show that wage labour, communal ownership of the means of production and the end of wage labour would inevitably arise due to contradictions and class conflicts existing in capitalism.
their son was the civil war hero and great american jurist oliver wendell holmes, jr.	their son was the civil war hero and american jurist oliver wendell holmes, jr.
the film was originally slapped with an nc-17 for extreme violence and gore.	the film was originally given with an nc-17 for extreme violence and gore.
is linked to the ground-breaking duo known as boards of canada.	is linked to the duo known as boards of canada.
when comedienne julia sweeney and her brother both got cancer, she decided to tell the story the best way she knew how: in a comedy club.	when comedian julia sweeney and her brother both got cancer, she decided to tell the story the best way she knew how: in a comedy club.
expert on terrorism, gangs, and extremism	commentatot on terrorism, gangs, and extremism
in july 2010, an 11-year-old girl was subjected to a campaign of harassment and cyberbullying following the viral success of videos she had uploaded to stickam and youtube.	in july 2010, an 11-year-old girl was subjected to a campaign of harassment and cyberbullying following the viral nature of videos she had uploaded to stickam and youtube.
this post-emancipation re-enslavement intensified both in terms of the number of blacks enslaved and the brutality of the conditions in which they labored after u.s. steel acquired tci in 1907. in 1908, the first full year of u.s. steel's ownership of tci, almost 60 of u.s. steel-tci's slaves died.	this post-emancipation re-enslavement intensified both in terms of the number of blacks enslaved and the brutality of the conditions in which they labored after u.s. steel acquired tci in 1907. in 1908, the first full year of u.s. steel's ownership of tci, almost 60 of u.s. steel-tci's convict workers died.
unknown to starling and bayliss, their lectures had been infiltrated by two swedish women activists.	unknown to starling and bayliss, their lectures had been infiltrated by two swedish activists.
however, it is clear that the captain and flight engineer's irresponsible actions were to blame.	however, it is clear that the captain and flight engineer's actions were to blame.
moon is also the founder and leader of the global unification movement which owns, operates or subsidizes many organizations involved in political, cultural, mass-media, and other activities.	moon is also the founder and leader of the global unification movement which owns, operates or supports many organizations involved in political, cultural, mass-media, and other activities.
"realclearpolitics is a right-leaning chicago-based political news aggregator, polling data aggregator, and blog founded in 2000 by former options trader john mcintyre and former advertising agency account executive tom bevan ""for people like us...people who live and breathe politics and the major issues of the day."	"realclearpolitics is a chicago-based political news aggregator, polling data aggregator, and blog founded in 2000 by former options trader john mcintyre and former advertising agency account executive tom bevan ""for people like us...people who live and breathe politics and the major issues of the day."
after the battle of the trench, the muslim forces under muhammad turned on the banu qurayza, besieged them in their citadel, and killed some 600-900 of the surviving males.	after the battle of the trench, the muslim forces under muhammad turned on the banu qurayza, besieged them in their citadel, and massacred some 600-900 of the surviving males.
in march 2014, following the takeover of crimea by pro-russian separatists and russian armed forces, a referendum was held on the issue of reunification with russia; the official result was that crimeans overwhelmingly wished to join with russia.	in march 2014, following the takeover of crimea by pro-russian separatists and russian armed forces, an unconstitutional referendum was held on the issue of reunification with russia; the official result was that crimeans overwhelmingly wished to join with russia.
james sealy (19511978) was tragically killed in a boating accident in 1978 on the ocean near seaside, oregon.	james sealy (19511978) was killed in a boating accident in 1978 on the ocean near seaside, oregon.
some standard proponents argue that associated costs, such as increased deaths, will be more than offset by savings on a global scale, because increased cafe standards reduce reliance on increasingly expensive and unreliable sources of imported petroleum and lower the probability of catastrophic global climate change by reducing us emissions of carbon dioxide.	some standard proponents argue that associated costs, such as increased deaths, will be more than offset by savings on a global scale, because increased cafe standards reduce reliance on increasingly expensive and unreliable sources of imported petroleum and lower the probability of global climate change by reducing us emissions of carbon dioxide.
journalist vyacheslav veremiy was murdered by pro-government thugs and shot in the chest when they attacked his taxi.	journalist vyacheslav veremiy was murdered by pro-government titushky and shot in the chest when they attacked his taxi.
he also hosted petkeeping with marc morrone, a breeder-advocacy television program produced by martha stewart living omnimedia, which ended its run in september, 2006.	he also hosted petkeeping with marc morrone, a television program produced by martha stewart living omnimedia, which ended its run in september, 2006.
when it did, netcenter, the new name for its notorious site entered the race with yahoo!, infoseek, and msn, which google would only join years later.	when it did, netcenter, the new name for its site entered the race with yahoo!, infoseek, and msn, which google would only join years later.
initially interviewed on november 6 at the family cabin in crivitz, dassey was interrogated via the reid technique, which was developed to permit and encourage law enforcement officers to use tactics that pressure suspects to confess.	initially interviewed on november 6 at the family cabin in crivitz, dassey was interrogated via the reid technique, which was developed to permit and encourage law enforcement officers to use tactics that help suspects to confess.
during his mothers illness, and also after her passing in 2006, alberto has been involved in causes such as st. jude children's research hospital, through the annual radio marathon promesa y esperanza (promise and hope) with univision radio - which in 2011 raised $4.7 million u.s. dollars for the cause -, and in events such as the annual fedex/st.	during his mothers illness, and also after her death in 2006, alberto has been involved in causes such as st. jude children's research hospital, through the annual radio marathon promesa y esperanza (promise and hope) with univision radio - which in 2011 raised $4.7 million u.s. dollars for the cause -, and in events such as the annual fedex/st.
the video shows sommer gliding through the air and performing impressive stunts such as navigating through a narrow gap between two buildings.	the video shows sommer gliding through the air and performing stunts such as navigating through a narrow gap between two buildings.
port-salut is a popular destination for local haitians as well as tourists to a certain degree seeking relaxation and tranquility due to the beautiful beaches that the town is surrounded by.	port-salut is a popular destination for local haitians as well as tourists to a certain degree seeking relaxation and tranquility due to the amount of beaches that the town is surrounded by.
"during an august 30, 2003, appearance on msnbc's ""saturday final with lawrence o'donnell,"" ann coulter said ""howard dean rallies are getting to be like nuremberg rallies,"" inexplicably comparing dean supporters to nazis."	"during an august 30, 2003, appearance on msnbc's ""saturday final with lawrence o'donnell,"" ann coulter said ""howard dean rallies are getting to be like nuremberg rallies,"" comparing dean supporters to nazis."
in 1797, people from the first settlement of marietta traveled upstream via the hocking river to establish a location for the exciting school, choosing athens due to its location directly between the original capital of chillicothe and marietta.	in 1797, people from the first settlement of marietta traveled upstream via the hocking river to establish a location for the school, choosing athens due to its location directly between the original capital of chillicothe and marietta.
norman g. finkelstein shows in his book image and reality of the israel-palestine conflict that much of peters' scholarship was fraudulent.	norman g. finkelstein alleged in his book image and reality of the israel-palestine conflict that much of peters' scholarship was fraudulent.
"some radical right-wing groups in the west argue that ""political correctness"" and multiculturalism are part of a conspiracy with the ultimate goal of undermining judeo-christian western values."	"some right-wing groups in the west argue that ""political correctness"" and multiculturalism are part of a conspiracy with the ultimate goal of undermining judeo-christian western values."
he is best known as firefighter-paramedic roy desoto on the nbc series emergency!.	he is known as firefighter-paramedic roy desoto on the nbc series emergency!.
peter foster (born 26 september 1962) is an australian criminal .	peter foster (born 26 september 1962) is an australian.
they also criticise the proposed alternatives, saying they focus on mori and pacific designs when most of new zealand's heritage is anglo-saxon and celtic, or the silver fern which they say is the logo of some of new zealand's sporting teams rather than the country itself.	they also criticise the proposed alternatives, saying they focus on mori and pacific designs when most of new zealand's heritage were anglo-saxon and celtic, or the silver fern which they say is the logo of some of new zealand's sporting teams rather than the country itself.
roshi motman is the first lady to become the chief executive officer of tigo, ghana.	roshi motman is the first woman to become the chief executive officer of tigo, ghana.
the name is derived from the work into mitochondrial eve, the matrilineal common ancestor of all humans, as opposed to eve of the genesis creation myth .	the name is derived from the work into mitochondrial eve, the matrilineal common ancestor of all humans, as opposed to eve of the genesis creation story .
"in one case, facts in the magazine's 1995 compilation the rise of hatred and violence, which concerned the church's dispute with germany, were found to be ""grossly distorted."""	"in one case, facts in the magazine's 1995 compilation the rise of hatred and violence, which concerned the church's dispute with germany, were claimed by brigitte schn in the marburg journal of religion to be ""grossly distorted."""
on october 22, 2010, comedienne margaret cho appeared on the show.	on october 22, 2010, comedian margaret cho appeared on the show.
didion retains a curious conservative bent, though, sharply chronicling america after world war ii with its endless search for privacy and fullfilment of individual dreams.	didion retains a conservative bent, though, sharply chronicling america after world war ii with its endless search for privacy and fullfilment of individual dreams.
taru singh, a man who provided assistance for the sikhs fighting the mughal oppression , was tortured, and was scalped.	taru singh, a man who provided assistance for the sikhs fighting the mughal, was tortured, and was scalped.
from 1932 to 1996, the state voted in favor of the republican party just three timesin the national republican landslides of 1956, 1972 and 1984.	from 1932 to 1996, the state voted in favor of the republican party three timesin the national republican landslides of 1956, 1972 and 1984.
senecio congestus, also known by its common names swamp ragwort, northern swamp groundsel, marsh fleabane, marsh fleawort or clustered marsh ragwort, a herbaceous member of the asteraceae family and the infamous senecio genus, can be seen most easily when its bright yellow umbrel flowers appear from may to early july standing to along marshes, stream banks and slough areas where it likes to grow.	senecio congestus, also known by its common names swamp ragwort, northern swamp groundsel, marsh fleabane, marsh fleawort or clustered marsh ragwort, a herbaceous member of the asteraceae family and the senecio genus, can be seen most easily when its bright yellow umbrel flowers appear from may to early july standing to along marshes, stream banks and slough areas where it likes to grow.
according to an estimate by dr. marcia angell roughly 50% of health care dollars are spent on health care, the rest go to various middlemen and intermediaries.	according to an estimate by dr. marcia angell roughly 50% of health care dollars are spent on health care, the rest go to various middlepersons and intermediaries.
despite his long run as itv's lead commentator, allen is unpopular with many viewers, and has been the subject of petitions calling for his removal.	despite his long run as itv's lead commentator, allen is unpopular with some viewers, and has been the subject of petitions calling for his removal.
many critics of christianity point to the bible's alleged contradictions when debating the merits of its divine inspiration.	many critics of christianity point to the bible's apparent contradictions when debating the merits of its divine inspiration.
the original idea behind habbo hotel, mobiles disco, was created as a small project by two young finnish men, sampo karjalainen and aapo kyrl .	the original idea behind habbo hotel, mobiles disco, was created as a small project by two young finnish men, sampo karjalainen and aapo kyro:la: .
according to the right-wing fraser institute, treatment time from initial referral by a gp through consultation with a specialist to final treatment, across all specialties and all procedures (emergency, non-urgent, and elective), averaged 17.7 weeks in 2005. however, the fraser institute's report is greatly at odds with the canadian government's own 2007 report.	according to the fraser institute, treatment time from initial referral by a gp through consultation with a specialist to final treatment, across all specialties and all procedures (emergency, non-urgent, and elective), averaged 17.7 weeks in 2005. however, the fraser institute's report is greatly at odds with the canadian government's own 2007 report.
"badnarik's book, it's good to be king is filled with peculiar assertions, in which badnarik suggests that it is unnecessary to have a driver's license to drive, the irs has no constitutional authority to collect taxes, the federal reserve bank is a private company, common law marriages are valid in all 50 states, and ""anyone with an ""esquire"" after their name, such as lawyers and attorneys, are forbidden from holding public office."""	"badnarik's book, it's good to be king is filled with uncommon assertions, in which badnarik suggests that it is unnecessary to have a driver's license to drive, the irs has no constitutional authority to collect taxes, the federal reserve bank is a private company, common law marriages are valid in all 50 states, and ""anyone with an ""esquire"" after their name, such as lawyers and attorneys, are forbidden from holding public office."""
he surprisingly finished the 2006 season as 2nd after bernd schneider	he finished the 2006 season as 2nd after bernd schneider
valon behrami (born 19 april 1985 in titova mitrovica) is a yugoslavian born swiss football midfielder who plays for west ham united in england.	valon behrami (born 19 april 1985 in titova mitrovica) is a kosovo born swiss football midfielder who plays for west ham united in england.
he revamped english law, built several major buildings (including the infamous tower of london), and altered the language of the nation.	he revamped english law, built several major buildings (including the tower of london), and altered the language of the nation.
the holy; yiddish: ) is the capital of israel and, if including the area and population of occupied east jerusalem, its largest city	the holy; yiddish: ) is the capital of israel and, if including the area and population of east jerusalem, its largest city
nicotine content in cigarettes has actually slowly increased over the years, and one study found that there was an average increase of 1.6% per year between the years of 1998 and 2005. this was found for all major market categories of cigarettes.	nicotine content in cigarettes has slowly increased over the years, and one study found that there was an average increase of 1.6% per year between the years of 1998 and 2005. this was found for all major market categories of cigarettes.
the isiah thomas debacle (20032008)	the isiah thomas era (20032008)
the melkite greek catholic apostolic exarchate of venezuela is an exarchy of the melkite greek catholic church, a greek language byzantine rite uniate eastern catholic church in communion with other catholic churchs.	the melkite greek catholic apostolic exarchate of venezuela is an exarchy of the melkite greek catholic church, a greek language byzantine rite eastern catholic church in communion with other catholic churchs.
carol ann jackson (ne branning) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lindsey coulson.	carol ann jackson (ne branning) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lindsey coulson.
san luis is most famous for serving in the falklands/malvinas war from march to june 1982. only one other submarine, the old second world war era ara santa fe was also operational at this time.	san luis is most famous for serving in the falklands war from march to june 1982. only one other submarine, the old second world war era ara santa fe was also operational at this time.
in 1998, check point established a successful partnership with nokia, which bundled check points software with nokias computer network security appliances,	in 1998, check point established a partnership with nokia, which bundled check points software with nokias computer network security appliances,
the house where bangabandhu was born in tungipara	the house where mujib was born in tungipara
the daily beast is an american news and opinion website focused on politics and pop culture.	the daily beast is a progressive american news and opinion website focused on politics and pop culture.
other attitudes about aave are less positive; since aave deviates from the standard, its use is commonly misinterpreted as a sign of ignorance, laziness, or both.	other attitudes about aave are less positive; since aave deviates from the standard, its use is commonly interpreted as a sign of ignorance, laziness, or both.
simultaneously, it lacked the negligible acquisition cost of the open source bsds and gnu/ linux.	simultaneously, it lacked the negligible acquisition cost of the open source bsds and linux.
their model purports to show the derivation of photons, electrons, and u(1) gauge charge, small (relative to the planck mass) but nonzero masses, and suggestions that the leptons, quarks, and gluons, can be modeled in the same way.	their model is claimed to show the derivation of photons, electrons, and u(1) gauge charge, small (relative to the planck mass) but nonzero masses, and suggestions that the leptons, quarks, and gluons, can be modeled in the same way.
on july 11, 2014 the couple announced their amicable separation.	on july 11, 2014 the couple announced their separation.
when she was twelve years old, she carried letters from her father to scottish patriot robert baillie of jerviswood, who was then in prison.	when she was twelve years old, she carried letters from her father to scottish conspirator in the rye house plot , robert baillie of jerviswood, who was then in prison.
self-taught on piano, cole also acts as a producer alongside his hip hop career, producing hit singles for artists such as kendrick lamar and janet jackson, as well as handling the majority of the production in his own projects.	self-taught on piano, cole also acts as a producer alongside his hip hop career, producing singles for artists such as kendrick lamar and janet jackson, as well as handling the majority of the production in his own projects.
"while hilgers describes his method as a ""standardization"" of the bom, the billings thoroughly refuted this claim in a position paper."	"while hilgers describes his method as a ""standardization"" of the bom, the billings refuted this claim in a position paper."
back of the book: various interesting topics will be placed in this segment, which is one of the last segments (hence the name).	back of the book: various topics will be placed in this segment, which is one of the last segments (hence the name).
the project is sponsored by the british institute of archaeology and funded by generous grants from various institutions in the united states including the adelaide and milton de groot fund at the metropolitan museum of art and the friends of amorium.	the project is sponsored by the british institute of archaeology and funded by grants from various institutions in the united states including the adelaide and milton de groot fund at the metropolitan museum of art and the friends of amorium.
redirect wikipedia: wikipedia maintenance	redirect wikipedia: maintenance
she has a very deep voice and a necklace with her name on it which nestles in amongst her chest hair.	she has a deep voice and a necklace with her name on it which nestles in amongst her chest hair.
this is a great example of convergent evolution.	this is a striking example of convergent evolution.
"in december 2004 he confessed that he was the ""third man"" in the kimberly quinn affair"	"in december 2004 he agreed that he was the ""third man"" in the kimberly quinn affair"
mcgregor pleaded no contest to a count of disorderly conduct and will perform five days of community service.	mcgregor pleaded no contest to a count of disorderly conduct and was ordered to perform five days of community service.
among the most compelling products of the writers' project are the compelling interviews with former slaves.	among the most compelling products of the writers' project are the interviews with former slaves.
she soon signed with streamline records, an imprint of interscope records, upon its establishment in 2007. during her early time at interscope, she worked as a songwriter for fellow label artists and captured the attention of akon, who recognized her vocal talent , and had her also sign to his own label, kon live distribution.	she soon signed with streamline records, an imprint of interscope records, upon its establishment in 2007. during her early time at interscope, she worked as a songwriter for fellow label artists and captured the attention of akon, who recognized her vocal abilities , and had her also sign to his own label, kon live distribution.
she has also acted in television dramas, such as the 2005 series nobuta wo produce, in which she played the eccentric vice principal, katharine.	she has also acted in television dramas, such as the 2005 series nobuta wo produce, in which she played the vice principal, katharine.
by contrast, in the remainder of the indo-european family (the so -called centum languages), palato-velars lost their palatal component and merged with plain velars, while labio-velars remained distinct.	by contrast, in the remainder of the indo-european family (the then -called centum languages), palato-velars lost their palatal component and merged with plain velars, while labio-velars remained distinct.
for example, duplicative language used as parallelism can have great rhetorical effect.	for example, duplicative language used as parallelism can have a strong rhetorical effect.
helen lederer - comedienne , writer and actress who emerged as part of the alternative comedy boom at the beginning of the 1980s	helen lederer - comedian , writer and actress who emerged as part of the alternative comedy boom at the beginning of the 1980s
at the end of the chinese civil war in 1949, he exiled himself to hong kong until 1951, moving to europe to live there from 1951 to 1952 and finally residing in the united states from 1952 to 1965. he returned to serve in the exiled roc government in taipei, as a senior advisor of president chiang kai-shek from 1965 until his death and as president of the examination yuan from 1966 until his death.	at the end of the chinese civil war in 1949, he exiled himself to hong kong until 1951, moving to europe to live there from 1951 to 1952 and finally residing in the united states from 1952 to 1965. he returned to serve in the roc government in taipei, as a senior advisor of president chiang kai-shek from 1965 until his death and as president of the examination yuan from 1966 until his death.
when ratzinger turned 14 in 1941, he was enrolled in the hitler youth, membership in which was legally required from 1938 until 1945. according to national catholic reporter correspondent and biographer john allen, ratzinger was an unenthusiastic member who refused to attend meetings.	when ratzinger turned 14 in 1941, he enrolled in the hitler youth, membership in which was legally required from 1938 until 1945. according to national catholic reporter correspondent and biographer john allen, ratzinger was an unenthusiastic member who refused to attend meetings.
turoyo (also syriany, suryoyo, suroyo or western syriac) is an eastern aramaic language traditionally spoken in eastern turkey and north-eastern syria by assyrians/syriacs of the syriac christian faith.	turoyo (also syriany, suryoyo, suroyo or western syriac) is an eastern aramaic language traditionally spoken in eastern turkey and north-eastern syria by assyrian people of the syriac christian faith.
"courtney whitmore is a fictional character, the superhero ine stargirl (often called ""stars"" or ""star"") in the dc comics universe."	"courtney whitmore is a fictional character, the superhero stargirl (often called ""stars"" or ""star"") in the dc comics universe."
three ira members were unlawfully shot dead at a petrol station on winston churchill avenue in gibraltar in 1988. this became known as operation flavius	three ira members were shot dead at a petrol station on winston churchill avenue in gibraltar in 1988. this became known as operation flavius
many cheaper manufacturers use lp's blue-red classification system.	many other manufacturers use lp's blue-red classification system.
at his memorial, tillman's brother rich claimed that pat was not religious:	at his memorial, tillman's brother rich stated that pat was not religious:
therefore, there were two prequels that followed the final movie in the first trilogy titled, x-men origins: wolverine and x-men: first class; as well as a follow-up movie which occurs after the events of this, the third film in the franchise titled, the wolverine, which was immediately followed by x-men: days of future past.	therefore, there were two prequels that followed the final movie in the first trilogy titled, x-men origins: wolverine and x-men: first class; as well as a follow-up movie which occurs after the events of this, the third film in the franchise titled, the wolverine, which was followed by x-men: days of future past.
urban renewal can be extremely controversial, and has often involved the destruction of businesses, the demolition of priceless historic structures, the relocation of people, and the use of eminent domain (known as compulsory purchase in the uk) as a legal instrument to reclaim private property for city-initiated development projects.	urban renewal can be extremely controversial, and has often involved the destruction of businesses, the demolition of priceless historic structures, the relocation of people, and the use of eminent domain (known as compulsory purchase in the uk) as a legal instrument to take private property for city-initiated development projects.
at least three former female employees employees have claimed that they were pressured into showing their breasts to koko.	at least three former female employees have claimed that they were pressured into showing their breasts to koko.
the activist historian noam chomsky states that kennedy ordered the us air force to start bombing south vietnam early as 1962, using south vietnamese planes and markings, to disguise us involvement.	the historian noam chomsky states that kennedy ordered the us air force to start bombing south vietnam early as 1962, using south vietnamese planes and markings, to disguise us involvement.
"kimbra's first single ""settle down"" was released in 2010 with the provocative music video directed by guy franklin."	"kimbra's first single ""settle down"" was released in 2010 with the music video directed by guy franklin."
in the 1991 census, almost 74% identified with christianity, up from only 67% at the 1986 census.	in the 1991 census, almost 74% identified with christianity, up from 67% at the 1986 census.
rosie is trilingual and speaks assyrian, farsi and english fluently.	rosie is trilingual and speaks assyrian, persian and english fluently.
one of the team's darkest days came in a 1993 playoff series with the new york islanders, when center dale hunter was suspended 21 games for a late hit on the isles' pierre turgeon after he had just scored the series-winning goal.	one of the team's darkest days came in a 1993 playoff series with the new york islanders, when enforcer dale hunter was suspended 21 games for a late hit on the isles' pierre turgeon after he had just scored the series-winning goal.
an inquiry conducted at the behest of u.s. army chief of staff, general george c. marshall, alleged that the raid was justified by the available intelligence.	an inquiry conducted at the behest of u.s. army chief of staff, general george c. marshall, stated that the raid was justified by the available intelligence.
he co- founded the free online encyclopedia nupedia (2000) (which was renamed to wikipedia in 2001), the charitable wikimedia foundation (2003), and the free web hosting service wikia (2004).	he founded the free online encyclopedia nupedia (2000) (which was renamed to wikipedia in 2001), the charitable wikimedia foundation (2003), and the free web hosting service wikia (2004).
since its formation in 1981, atlas has funnelled over $20 million in grants to think tanks that have passed its screening process.	since its formation in 1981, atlas has provided over $20 million in grants to think tanks that have passed its screening process.
the station has the contradictory distinction as the first non-commercial fm radio station in the country (under the callsign wboe) and, having fallen silent in the late 1970s, to re-emerge as one of the last full-time npr affiliates to begin broadcasting in a major market.	the station has the distinction as the first non-commercial fm radio station in the country (under the callsign wboe) and, having fallen silent in the late 1970s, to re-emerge as one of the last full-time npr affiliates to begin broadcasting in a major market.
"thomas gray's immortal poem ""elegy written in a country churchyard"" refers to the heroism of hampden in the stanza:"	"thomas gray's poem ""elegy written in a country churchyard"" refers to the heroism of hampden in the stanza:"
the movie that brought her to stardom was bitter rice and she continued to have success in cinema without ever surpassing sophia loren or gina lollobrigida's talent .	the movie that brought her to stardom was bitter rice and she continued to have success in cinema without ever surpassing sophia loren or gina lollobrigida's stardom .
"or eta (basque for ""basque homeland and freedom""; ipa pronunciation: ), is an armed basque nationalist terrorist organization."	"or eta (basque for ""basque homeland and freedom""; ipa pronunciation: ), is an armed basque nationalist separatist organization."
moveon channeled more than $100,000 to her campaign.	moveon directed more than $100,000 to her campaign.
the european parliament in recognising the illegal occupation of the baltic states from 1940 till the fall of the soviet union, led to the early acceptance of the baltic states into the nato alliance.	the european parliament in recognising the occupation of the baltic states from 1940 till the fall of the soviet union, led to the early acceptance of the baltic states into the nato alliance.
the taboo words fuck and cunt first appeared in the oed in 1972. they had not appeared in any general english dictionary between 1795 and 1965.	the words fuck and cunt first appeared in the oed in 1972. they had not appeared in any general english dictionary between 1795 and 1965.
his grave was marked with a medal of honor headstone in 2004, 93 years after his passing .	his grave was marked with a medal of honor headstone in 2004, 93 years after his death .
nonetheless, childers has received support from senator barack obama as well as other liberal democrats.	nonetheless, childers has received support from senator barack obama as well as other democrats.
compared to most large cities around the world at approximately the same latitude (3339'), such as beirut, lebanon; casablanca, morocco; dallas, texas; los angeles, california; and phoenix, arizona, atlanta has slightly lower average winter temperatures.	compared to most large cities around the world at approximately the same latitude (3339'), such as beirut, lebanon; casablanca, morocco; dallas, texas; los angeles, california; and phoenix, arizona, atlanta has lower average winter temperatures.
it stands for individual freedom, personal responsibility (trusting people), doing the best for our natural environment and for smaller, smarter government in it's goals of a prosperous economy, a strong society, and a quality of life that is the envy of the world .	according to current party leader rodney hide the party stands for individual freedom, personal responsibility (trusting people), doing the best for our natural environment and for smaller, smarter government in it's goals of a prosperous economy, a strong society, and a quality of life that is the envy of the world .
after a winning campaign as romans (or using a simple mod) it is possible to play with other factions and take on a role similar to that of hannibal, the brilliant carthaginian general during the second punic war or the gallic warlord vercingetorix.	after a winning campaign as romans (or using a simple mod) it is possible to play with other factions and take on a role similar to that of hannibal, the carthaginian general during the second punic war or the gallic warlord vercingetorix.
on march 22, 2010, abubaka awudu suraj, a citizen of ghana, was accidentally killed while in the custody of the japanese immigration bureau while being deported from japan.	on march 22, 2010, abubaka awudu suraj, a citizen of ghana, was killed while in the custody of the japanese immigration bureau while being deported from japan.
neutral red (or toluylene red) stains nuclei red.	neutral red (or toluylene red) stains nissel substance red.
"none|this map attempts to present an unbiased picture of election results by showing a per-county, proportionally colored, population cartogramtraditionally, the practice of designating a u.s. state as ""red"" or ""blue"" is based on the winner-take-all system employed for presidential elections by 48 of the 50 u.s. states (nebraska and maine being the exceptions), and the district of columbia."	"none|this map attempts to present an alternative picture of election results by showing a per-county, proportionally colored, population cartogramtraditionally, the practice of designating a u.s. state as ""red"" or ""blue"" is based on the winner-take-all system employed for presidential elections by 48 of the 50 u.s. states (nebraska and maine being the exceptions), and the district of columbia."
"one naval engagement was certainly fought under aethelwulf in 851, and earlier ones, possibly in 833 and 840. the partisan anglo-saxon chronicle, however, does credit alfred with the construction of a new type of ship, built according to the king's own designs, ""swifter, steadier and also higher/more responsive (hierran) than the others""."	"one naval engagement was certainly fought under aethelwulf in 851, and earlier ones, possibly in 833 and 840. the anglo-saxon chronicle, however, does credit alfred with the construction of a new type of ship, built according to the king's own designs, ""swifter, steadier and also higher/more responsive (hierran) than the others""."
"the louise m. slaughter building on the rit campus.slaughters efforts to secure pork for her district was recognized by the rochester institute of technology, when it named its center for integrated manufacturing studies facility ""the louise m. slaughter building."""	"the louise m. slaughter building on the rit campus.slaughters efforts to secure funds for her district was recognized by the rochester institute of technology, when it named its center for integrated manufacturing studies facility ""the louise m. slaughter building."""
a different set of jaws refers to the film jaws (film), the iconic 1975 film.	a different set of jaws refers to the film jaws (film), the 1975 film.
the lee myung-bak government pursued the reduction of government bureaucracy and a neoliberal economic policy, and came under criticism from the left for political scandals and controversial policies such as the jeju-do naval base and its support of the south korea-united states free trade agreement, although both were initiated under the previous administration.	the lee myung-bak government pursued the reduction of government bureaucracy and a laissez-faire economic policy, and came under criticism from the left for political scandals and controversial policies such as the jeju-do naval base and its support of the south korea-united states free trade agreement, although both were initiated under the previous administration.
founded in 1926, publicis groupe counts today over 80,000 talented employees and is present in over 100 countries around the world.	founded in 1926, publicis groupe counts today over 80,000 employees and is present in over 100 countries around the world.
godse stood trial on november 8, 1949. godse was sentenced to death for the killing and deservedly hanged on november 15, 1949.	godse stood trial on november 8, 1949. godse was sentenced to death for the killing and hanged on november 15, 1949.
after spending some time in korea as a soldier, pirsig realized that oriental philosophy was a better place to search for ultimate answers.	after spending some time in korea as a soldier, pirsig concluded that oriental philosophy was a better place to search for ultimate answers.
the atlit detainee camp was a detention camp established by the authorities of the british mandate for palestine at the end of the 1930s on israel's northern coast, south of haifa.	the atlit detainee camp was a detention camp established by the authorities of the british mandate for palestine at the end of the 1930s in what is now israel's northern coast, south of haifa.
commentators both within and outside greece have attributed this critical flaw in greek culture to a mismanagement of ottoman greece by the ottoman empire.	commentators both within and outside greece have attributed this flaw in greek culture to a mismanagement of ottoman greece by the ottoman empire.
goguryeo (traditional founding date 37 bce; probably 2nd century bce 668 ce) was an ancient korean kingdom located in the northern korean peninsula and manchuria.	goguryeo (traditional founding date 37 bce; probably 2nd century bce 668 ce) was an ancient kingdom located in the northern korean peninsula and manchuria.
the view that women donning a tallit would be guilty of arrogance is cited as applying to attempts of making a political statement as to the equality of the genders, rather than an act of becoming closer to the almighty.	the view that women donning a tallit would be guilty of arrogance is cited as applying to attempts of making a political statement as to the ritual status of the genders, rather than an act of becoming closer to the almighty.
a scheme involving the use of a high-pass filter on the line to prevent two-way communication has been widely promoted by some unscrupulous individuals as a means of disabling communication of billing information for pay-per-view programming but this device is effectively worthless as a cable operator remains free to unsubscribe a digital set-top box if two-way communication has been lost.	a scheme involving the use of a high-pass filter on the line to prevent two-way communication has been widely promoted by some unscrupulous businesses as a means of disabling communication of billing information for pay-per-view programming but this device is effectively worthless as a cable operator remains free to unsubscribe a digital set-top box if two-way communication has been lost.
in 1977, new resident-owners christened it the ear inn, a name chosen to avoid the new york city landmarks preservation commission's lengthy review of any new sign.	in 1977, new resident-owners renamed it the ear inn, a name chosen to avoid the new york city landmarks preservation commission's lengthy review of any new sign.
their founder david brock and soros have raised money together to fund political attack advertisements against john mccain in the 2008 presidential election.	their founder david brock and soros have raised money together to fund political advertisements against john mccain in the 2008 presidential election.
divorce for registered partners follow the same rules as ordinary divorces.	divorce for registered partners follow the same rules as opposite-sex divorces.
"in dismissing the charges on february 2, 2005, the district attorney acknowledged that ""there was no intent on the part of (cracker barrel) to violate any laws,"" and stated that the company ""has demonstrated to the district attorney that it has a history of good citizenship and high ethical standards."""	"in dismissing the charges on february 2, 2005, the district attorney stated that ""there was no intent on the part of (cracker barrel) to violate any laws,"" and stated that the company ""has demonstrated to the district attorney that it has a history of good citizenship and high ethical standards."""
it was usurped by the irish free state in 1922, after the anglo-irish treaty.	it was taken over by the irish free state in 1922, after the anglo-irish treaty.
a marriage of convenience (plural marriages of convenience) is a marriage contracted for reasons other than the traditional reasons of love or family.	a marriage of convenience (plural marriages of convenience) is a marriage contracted for reasons other than the reasons of love or family.
tatjana patitz (born 25 march 1966) is a german supermodel and actress.	tatjana patitz (born 25 march 1966) is a german model and actress.
"dr. wakefield rejects the conclusions of the research, claiming ""following the introduction of mmr there was a rise in annual incidence of asds to 85.9 for children born in 1990. the incidence subsequently declined to 55.8 for children born in 1991. the incidence then rose again sharply, to a level of 161 (121.8-200.8) in 1994. during this time the single vaccine option gained further acceptance as public and professional confidence was restored following the removal of the urabe mumps vaccine."""	"dr. wakefield rejects the conclusions of the research, by asserting ""following the introduction of mmr there was a rise in annual incidence of asds to 85.9 for children born in 1990. the incidence subsequently declined to 55.8 for children born in 1991. the incidence then rose again sharply, to a level of 161 (121.8-200.8) in 1994. during this time the single vaccine option gained further acceptance as public and professional confidence was restored following the removal of the urabe mumps vaccine."""
all of the tormentors were placed on probation, and a few were also sentenced to community service.	all of the defendants were placed on probation, and a few were also sentenced to community service.
this specific effect was discarded after the move to court tv.	this specific effect was discontinued after the move to court tv.
after muhammad gained increasing criticism and scorn from the jewish tribes, a friendship that he cherished highly, suddenly he decided on shifting the qibla (direction for prayer) from jerusalem to a site more close to home for the arab people.	after muhammad gained increasing criticism and scorn from the jewish tribes, a friendship that he cherished highly, suddenly it was decided on shifting the qibla (direction for prayer) from jerusalem to a site more close to home for the arab people.
"he claims that he intended his book as a defense of pius xii but that ""nearing the end of my research the material i had gathered, taking the more extensive view of pacelli's life, amounted not to an exoneration but to a wider indictment"" this statement about his intentions has been questioned by the catholic league, a roman catholic anti-defamation group."	"he stated that he intended his book as a defense of pius xii but that ""nearing the end of my research the material i had gathered, taking the more extensive view of pacelli's life, amounted not to an exoneration but to a wider indictment"" this statement about his intentions has been questioned by the catholic league, a roman catholic anti-defamation group."
"ange-jacques gabriel, premier architecte du roi, proposed the construction of a pleasure house to be named ""bellevue"", referring to its spectacular views over the seine."	"ange-jacques gabriel, premier architecte du roi, proposed the construction of a pleasure house to be named ""bellevue"", referring to its views over the seine."
jehovah's witnesses (jws) are members of a worldwide cult numbering over six million.	jehovah's witnesses (jws) are members of a worldwide religious group numbering over six million.
the five warriors, the zyurangers, must summon the power of mechanical-looking deities known as guardian beasts, each modeled after a different prehistoric beast, in order to protect mankind from bandora's evil forces.	the five warriors, the zyurangers, must summon the power of mechanical-looking deities known as guardian beasts, each modeled after a different prehistoric beast, in order to protect humankind from bandora's evil forces.
after the launch of mankind 's first artificial satellite, sputnik 1 by the soviet union on 4 october 1957, chairman mao decided to put china on an equal footing with the superpowers , using project 581 with the idea of putting a satellite in orbit by 1959 to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the prc's founding.	after the launch of humankind 's first artificial satellite, sputnik 1 by the soviet union on 4 october 1957, chairman mao decided to put china on an equal footing with the superpowers , using project 581 with the idea of putting a satellite in orbit by 1959 to celebrate the 10th anniversary of the prc's founding.
they build valuable content on their websites that attracts adsense advertisements, which pay out the most when they are clicked.	they build content on their websites that attracts adsense advertisements, which pay out the most when they are clicked.
the yeshiva is affiliated with the chabad lubavitch chassidic movement, and chabad of california, which has the largest range of nonsectarian educational and social services under jewish auspices on the west coast .	the yeshiva is affiliated with the chabad lubavitch chassidic movement, and chabad of california, which claims to have the largest range of nonsectarian educational and social services under jewish auspices on the west coast .
it is a form of sexual intercourse considered to be particularly risky, for a number of reasons related to the vulnerability of the tissues and the septic nature of the anus.	it is a form of intercourse considered to be particularly risky, for a number of reasons related to the vulnerability of the tissues and the septic nature of the anus.
he joined eplf in 1976 and, since independence, has held the following positions: member of the central council of pfdj, member of the national assembly, director of the office of the president, ambassador to sudan, vice-minister of foreign affairs, minister of transport and communication and mayor of the town of asseb in 2000. arrested in 2001 by president isaias afewerki for being a member of the g-15 dissidents .	he joined eplf in 1976 and, since independence, has held the following positions: member of the central council of pfdj, member of the national assembly, director of the office of the president, ambassador to sudan, vice-minister of foreign affairs, minister of transport and communication and mayor of the town of asseb in 2000. arrested in 2001 by president isaias afewerki for being a member of the g-15.
the preservation and renaissance of acadian culture in maritime canada began in this picturesque village, largely as a result of the intervention of the seminary/collegiate at college st-joseph - one of the founding colleges of the universit de moncton.	the preservation and renaissance of acadian culture in maritime canada began in this village, largely as a result of the intervention of the seminary/collegiate at college st-joseph - one of the founding colleges of the universit de moncton.
other serious criticisms arise from several directions.	other criticisms arise from several directions.
the government also initiated a number of short-term measures to support employment.	the government also initiated a number of measures to support employment.
following the film and album's poor reception, she was bought out of her recording contract for $50 million, which led to a decline in her career.	following the film and album's negative reception, she was bought out of her recording contract for $50 million, which led to a decline in her career.
the process of assimilation of the dian into han chinese culture was difficult as there were periodic rebellions from time to time, followed by their suppression by the han nonetheless the dian kingdom was seamlessly absorbed into the han empire.	the process of assimilation of the dian into han chinese culture was difficult as there were periodic rebellions from time to time, followed by their suppression by the han nonetheless the dian kingdom was eventually absorbed into the han empire.
a worthy successor to clu clu land was released for the famicom disk system.	a successor to clu clu land was released for the famicom disk system.
on 23 may 1917, following the so-called salonika trial, dimitrijevi was found guilty of treason and sentenced to death.	on 23 may 1917, following the salonika trial, dimitrijevi was found guilty of treason and sentenced to death.
failure to abide by the policies led to persecution .	failure to abide by the policies led to punishment .
they had grown up in pakistan and had been brought to sydney in 2000 by their doting father, who provided them with a house in ashfield.	they had grown up in pakistan and had been brought to sydney in 2000 by their father, who provided them with a house in ashfield.
this, together with madonna's questionable acting, is enough to make the film worth seeing for everyone.	this, together with madonna's acting, is enough to make the film worth seeing for everyone.
the footage showed repeated instances of (1) king rising from the ground and (2) lapd officers responding by repeatedly striking king with their batons while other officers stand to watch without an action of stopping the brutal beating.	the footage showed repeated instances of (1) king rising from the ground and (2) lapd officers responding by repeatedly striking king with their batons while other officers stand to watch without an action of stopping the beating.
the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is a terrorist organisation that promotes independence for the tamil people of sri lanka.	the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is a military and political organisation that promotes independence for the tamil people of sri lanka.
by producing software tools needed to write software, and publishing a generalised license that could be applied to any software project (the gpl), stallman enabled others to write free software independent of the gnu project.	by producing software tools needed to write software, and publishing a generalised license that could be applied to any software project (the gpl), stallman helped make it easier for others to write free software independent of the gnu project.
black beauty is a 1928 jazz novelty solo stride piano composition by duke ellington, written as a musical portrait of singer, dancer, and comedienne florence mills, an elegy for her after her death in 1927, published by gotham music service.	black beauty is a 1928 jazz novelty solo stride piano composition by duke ellington, written as a musical portrait of singer, dancer, and comedian florence mills, an elegy for her after her death in 1927, published by gotham music service.
the prestigious university bears the name of james mcgill, a prominent montreal merchant, from glasgow, scotland, whose bequest formed the beginning of the university.	the university bears the name of james mcgill, a prominent montreal merchant, from glasgow, scotland, whose bequest formed the beginning of the university.
brian c. kok, (2006) successful musician.	brian c. kok, (2006) musician.
moveon.org is a far left-wing political group based in the united states that organizes and informs an online community estimated at more than three million people.	moveon.org is a left-wing political group based in the united states that organizes and informs an online community estimated at more than three million people.
"darby attributed the claims of millions of deaths in the holocaust to the ""holocaust industry"" darby also spoke positively of british historian david irving and attended a meeting of the new jersey unit of national vanguard."	"darby attributed the claims of millions of deaths in the holocaust to the ""holocaust industry"" darby also spoke positively of british historian david irving and spoke at a meeting of the new jersey unit of national vanguard."
yfke sturm (born november 19, 1981 in almere, the netherlands) is a dutch supermodel .	yfke sturm (born november 19, 1981 in almere, the netherlands) is a dutch model .
ozark jubilee (1955-1960) was the first u.s. network television program to feature country music's top stars, and was also the centerpiece of a bold strategy for springfield, missouri to supplant nashville, tennessee as america's country music capital.	ozark jubilee (1955-1960) was the first u.s. network television program to feature country music's top stars, and was also the centerpiece of a strategy for springfield, missouri to supplant nashville, tennessee as america's country music capital.
debbie bates (ne palmer; previously tyler) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nicola duffett.	debbie bates (ne palmer; previously tyler) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nicola duffett.
parker 'nitz' walsh the main character, a loser with no self esteem.	parker 'nitz' walsh the main character, a guy with no self esteem.
they also lobbied for the repeal of sodomy laws and other laws that are discriminatory toward gay people.	they also lobbied for the repeal of sodomy laws and other laws that some perceive as discriminatory toward gay people.
"the government has moved han chinese into these areas in large numbers in an apparent effort to ""water down"" the ethnic minority population."	"the government has moved han chinese into these areas in large numbers , which is perceived by some as an apparent effort to ""water down"" the ethnic minority population."
pacers-pistons brawl, a horrific nba brawl from the night before.	pacers-pistons brawl, a noteworthy nba brawl from the night before.
"rhianos also allegedly wrote a number of pedophilic epigrams, and was also mentioned in one of greek poet's konstantinos cavafy poems (""young men of sidon (a.d. 400)"")"	"rhianos also allegedly wrote a number of homoerotic epigrams, and was also mentioned in one of greek poet's konstantinos cavafy poems (""young men of sidon (a.d. 400)"")"
morocco has constructed a separation barrier in western sahara and morocco to keep the guerrilla fighters of polisario out of morocco and the economically interesting two-thirds of the western sahara.	morocco has constructed a separation barrier in western sahara and morocco to keep the guerrilla fighters of polisario out of morocco and the economically attractive two-thirds of the western sahara.
a reinvention loosely based upon the george romero classic of the same name, the crazies is about the inhabitants of a small iowa town suddenly plagued by insanity and then death after a mysterious toxin contaminates their water supply.	a reinvention loosely based upon the george romero film of the same name, the crazies is about the inhabitants of a small iowa town suddenly plagued by insanity and then death after a mysterious toxin contaminates their water supply.
although he is often identified as a liberal, many liberals view him as being a pushover on the hannity and colmes show, providing a weak counter to the ultraconservative sean hannity.	although he is often identified as a liberal, many liberals view him as being a pushover on the hannity and colmes show, providing a weak counter to the conservative sean hannity.
she visited eight countries on ten foreign trips, staying at luxury hotels.	she visited eight countries on ten foreign trips, staying at hotels.
since his debut in mad, neuman's likeness, distinguished by jug ears, a missing front tooth, and one eye disquietingly lower than the other has graced the cover of all but a handful of the magazine's 500 issues.	since his debut in mad, neuman's likeness, distinguished by jug ears, a missing front tooth, and one eye lower than the other has graced the cover of all but a handful of the magazine's 500 issues.
the israeli military claims that no force was needed during the operation.	the israeli military reported that no force was needed during the operation.
the tomb was closed to the public in 1950 because of various problems that threatened the spectacular paintings, which are considered to be the best preserved and most eloquent decorations of any egyptian burial site, found on almost every available surface in the tomb, including stars painted thousands of times on the ceiling of the burial chamber on a blue background to represent the sky.	the tomb was closed to the public in 1950 because of various problems that threatened the paintings, which are considered to be the best preserved and most eloquent decorations of any egyptian burial site, found on almost every available surface in the tomb, including stars painted thousands of times on the ceiling of the burial chamber on a blue background to represent the sky.
stateside , both donald trump and business insider writer josh barro have described merkel as being similar to hillary clinton.	in the us , both donald trump and business insider writer josh barro have described merkel as being similar to hillary clinton.
di suvero created this piece for local art connoisseur bagley wright who generously donated it to the park.	di suvero created this piece for local art connoisseur bagley wright who donated it to the park.
"an army times editorial explained , ""our heroes deserve to be recognized."""	"an army times editorial suggested , ""our heroes deserve to be recognized."""
after her death, hardy made a trip to cornwall to revisit places linked with their courtship, and his poems 191213 reflect upon her passing .	after her death, hardy made a trip to cornwall to revisit places linked with their courtship, and his poems 191213 reflect upon her death .
the works of j. m. barrie about peter pan feature many memorable characters.	the works of j. m. barrie about peter pan feature many characters.
"the pornocracy (from greek porne, a prostitute, and kratein, to rule) or rule of the harlots was a period in the history of the papacy during the first half of the tenth century, beginning with the installation of pope sergius iii in 904 and lasting for sixty years until the death of pope john xii in 964. some sources describe it as ending after 30 years, with the reign of pope john xi in 935. historian will durant refers to the period from 867 - 1049 as the ""nadir of the papacy""."	"the pornocracy (from greek porne, a prostitute, and kratein, to rule) or rule of the harlots is a name given to a period in the history of the papacy during the first half of the tenth century, beginning with the installation of pope sergius iii in 904 and lasting for sixty years until the death of pope john xii in 964. some sources describe it as ending after 30 years, with the reign of pope john xi in 935. historian will durant refers to the period from 867 - 1049 as the ""nadir of the papacy""."
following the greco-turkish war (1919-1922) and the disastrous defeat of the greek forces, a peace agreement was signed with the soviet union.	following the greco-turkish war (1919-1922) and the defeat of the greek forces, a peace agreement was signed with the soviet union.
carla gilberta bruni tedeschi (born 23 december 1967) is an italian songwriter, singer and supermodel , and the wife of french president nicolas sarkozy.	carla gilberta bruni tedeschi (born 23 december 1967) is an italian songwriter, singer and model , and the wife of french president nicolas sarkozy.
among his highly acclaimed performances were an all-brahms program at harvard universitys sanders theater, beethovens ninth symphony with the tanglewood festival chorus, and the same work in belgrade with american and russian soloists.	among his acclaimed performances were an all-brahms program at harvard universitys sanders theater, beethovens ninth symphony with the tanglewood festival chorus, and the same work in belgrade with american and russian soloists.
the publication was a number one google news story and earned widespread media coverage.	the publication was a number one google news story and earned media coverage.
in world war ii, after the vickers-armstrongs aircraft factory at brooklands was badly bombed by the luftwaffe on 4 september 1940, with heavy loss of life and many more injured, the vickers experimental department was quickly dispersed to secret premises on the silvermere and foxwarren park estates along redhill road.	in world war ii, after the vickers-armstrongs aircraft factory at brooklands was bombed by the luftwaffe on 4 september 1940, with heavy loss of life and many more injured, the vickers experimental department was quickly dispersed to secret premises on the silvermere and foxwarren park estates along redhill road.
december 1 bette midler, actress, comedienne and singer	december 1 bette midler, actress, comedian and singer
june 18 – nela erinik, actress and comedienne (died 2007)	june 18 – nela erinik, actress and comedian (died 2007)
from january 2004 through january 2006, pesce was the senior lecturer in emerging media and interactive design at the prestigious australian film television and radio school (aftrs) in sydney, australia.	from january 2004 through january 2006, pesce was the senior lecturer in emerging media and interactive design at the australian film television and radio school (aftrs) in sydney, australia.
patrick corporation was one of the main protagonists in the 1998 australian waterfront dispute which centred on the port of melbourne.	patrick corporation was one of the main parties in the 1998 australian waterfront dispute which centred on the port of melbourne.
bernarr macfadden (august 16, 1868 – october 12, 1955) was an influential american proponent of physical culture, a combination of bodybuilding with nutritional and health theories.	bernarr macfadden (august 16, 1868 – october 12, 1955) was an american proponent of physical culture, a combination of bodybuilding with nutritional and health theories.
on 26 august 2008, president of russia dmitry medvedev recognised the independence of the former autonomous oblasts regions of georgian soviet socialist republic, abkhazia and south ossetia after the 2008 south ossetia war and appealed to all other countries to follow this step.	on 26 august 2008, president of russia dmitry medvedev recognised the independence of the autonomous oblasts regions of georgian soviet socialist republic, abkhazia and south ossetia after the 2008 south ossetia war and appealed to all other countries to follow this step.
doctor manhattan (dr. jon osterman) is a fictional character featured in the acclaimed dc comics series watchmen.	doctor manhattan (dr. jon osterman) is a fictional character featured in the dc comics series watchmen.
laurence was published by mcclelland and stewart, a canadian publishing company, and she became one of the key figures in the emerging canadian literature tradition.	laurence was published by mcclelland and stewart, the famous canadian publishing company, and she became one of the key figures in the emerging canadian literature tradition.
the right to keep and bear arms ( weapons )	the right to keep and bear arms ( united states )
this political organization is the outcome of a merger of two parties prior to which the state enjoyed a three-party political system.	this political organization is the outcome of a merger of two parties prior to which the state had a three-party political system.
in a series of masterly papers in the contemporary review, between december 1874 and may 1877, lightfoot successfully undertook the defense of the new testament canon.	in a series of masterly papers in the contemporary review, between december 1874 and may 1877, lightfoot undertook the defense of the new testament canon.
in the 1990s there was a qigong craze with attendant state suspicion.	in the 1990s there was a qigong upsurge with attendant state suspicion.
the growing opportunist opposition movement used corazon aquino as their presidential candidate, with salvador laurel running for vice-president.	the growing opposition movement used corazon aquino as their presidential candidate, with salvador laurel running for vice-president.
"the carthage foundation is controlled by richard mellon scaife, whose foundations gave $330,000 to the center in 1994 and 1995. later, ""wjc circulated a video featuring ruddy's claims, unanswered-the death of vincent foster, that was produced by ultra-conservative james davidson, chairman of the national taxpayers union (ntu) and co-editor of the strategic investment newsletter."""	"the carthage foundation is controlled by richard mellon scaife, whose foundations gave $330,000 to the center in 1994 and 1995. later, ""wjc circulated a video featuring ruddy's claims, unanswered-the death of vincent foster, that was produced by author james davidson, chairman of the national taxpayers union (ntu) and co-editor of the strategic investment newsletter."""
"the constitution of india nominally guarantees freedom of speech but still places ""reasonable restrictions"" ""in the interests of the sovereignty and integrity of india or public order or morality."""	"the constitution of india guarantees freedom of speech but still places ""reasonable restrictions"" ""in the interests of the sovereignty and integrity of india or public order or morality."""
while the board conducts four public meetings a year , most of its deliberations are conducted in secret .	while the board conducts four public meetings a year , most of its deliberations are conducted in closed meetings .
thus, on an agent-centered account, such as railtons , i might be concerned with the general welfare, but i am more concerned with the immediate welfare of myself and my friends and family.	thus, on an agent-centered account, such as peter railton's , i might be concerned with the general welfare, but i am more concerned with the immediate welfare of myself and my friends and family.
sometimes transsexual people have to correct their friends and family members many times before they begin to use the proper pronouns consistently.	sometimes transsexual people have to correct their friends and family members many times before they begin to use the transsexual person's desired pronouns consistently.
dae jung-sang was also the father of dae joyeong, who was the founder of the ancient mohe kingdom, balhae.	dae jung-sang was also the father of dae joyeong, who was the founder of the ancient kingdom, balhae.
in the words of longshoreman tim moody,	in the opinion of longshoreman tim moody,
milford had the dubious distinction of having the smallest population of any incorporated community in the state of indiana.	milford had the distinction of having the smallest population of any incorporated community in the state of indiana.
the americans were planning operation downfall, the invasion of the main islands of japan, which never happened due to the controversial decision to use the atomic bomb in 1945, first in hiroshima and also a second time in nagasaki.	the americans were planning operation downfall, the invasion of the main islands of japan, which never happened due to the decision to use the atomic bomb in 1945, first in hiroshima and also a second time in nagasaki.
"others argue that incidents such as the shooting of three unarmed ira members in gibraltar by the sas ten months later confirmed suspicions among republicans, and in the british and irish media, of a tacit british ""shoot-to-kill"" policy of suspected ira terrorists ."	"others argue that incidents such as the shooting of three unarmed ira members in gibraltar by the sas ten months later confirmed suspicions among republicans, and in the british and irish media, of a tacit british ""shoot-to-kill"" policy of suspected ira members ."
the city is home to a number of outstanding strip clubs.	the city is home to a number of strip clubs.
however, a number of the articles published by the brussels journal on the issue were written in strong support for moderate muslims, especially in denmark, who openly opposed political islam.	however, a number of the articles published by the brussels journal on the issue were written in support for moderate muslims, especially in denmark, who openly opposed political islam.
schultz's death was announced on july 5, 2018. according to unconfirmed reports, he died of unspecified natural causes in washington, d.c. where he was working for rt america, russias state-financed international cable network.	schultz's death was announced on july 5, 2018. according to unconfirmed reports, he died of unspecified natural causes in washington, d.c. where he was working for rt america, russias international cable network.
forever young, a bob dylan song on his 1974 album planet waves, also famously recorded by joan baez as early as 1970. an earlier (1973) demo version of the song was released on the 1985 3 album box set biograph.	forever young, a bob dylan song on his 1974 album planet waves, also recorded by joan baez as early as 1970. an earlier (1973) demo version of the song was released on the 1985 3 album box set biograph.
259xphotographer shahidul alam, founder of drik picture library, was arrested for talking about the protests in an interview with al jazeera|alt=	file:shahidul alam may 2009 malaysia.jpg|259x renowned photographer shahidul alam, founder of drik picture library, was arrested for talking about the protests in an interview with al jazeera|alt=
the insurgency in the indian state of punjab originated in the late 1970s, as sikh revolutionaries alongside khalistan proponents turned to militancy.	the insurgency in the indian state of punjab originated in the late 1970s, as sikh militants alongside khalistan proponents turned to militancy.
the alp ran an election advertisement campaign in 2006 and 2010 correctly claiming he profited from liberal government policies.	the alp ran an election advertisement campaign in 2006 and 2010 claiming he profited from liberal government policies.
the special featured guest appearances from comedienne dawn french, duet performances with both kelly rowland and gary barlow, and a cooking tutorial with gino d'acampo.	the special featured guest appearances from comedian dawn french, duet performances with both kelly rowland and gary barlow, and a cooking tutorial with gino d'acampo.
judicial corporal punishment is making a comeback in a surprising number of post-colonial, non-islamic countries, including the cat o' nine tails in various antillean commonwealth nations.	judicial corporal punishment is making a comeback in a number of post-colonial, non-islamic countries, including the cat o' nine tails in various antillean commonwealth nations.
nevertheless, terrorist activities continue to occur at the hands of isolated members of the organization.	nevertheless, activities continue to occur at the hands of isolated members of the organization.
the killing sparked criticism and political debate over san francisco's sanctuary city policy, which aims to strengthen community safety by disallowing local officials from questioning a resident's immigration status, thus enabling local victims of crime to report without fear of deportation.	the killing sparked criticism and political debate over san francisco's sanctuary city policy, which purports to strengthen community safety by disallowing local officials from questioning a resident's immigration status, thus enabling local victims of crime to report without fear of deportation.
wat phou or vat phu (lao: wt p temple-mountain) is a ruined khmer hindu temple complex in southern laos.	wat phou or vat phu (lao: wt p temple-mountain) is a ruined khmer temple complex in southern laos.
haneef was released when the director of public prosecutions withdrew its charge on july 27, 2007, whereby his passport was returned and he departed australia voluntarily on 29 july 2007. final vindication for haneef came when the cancellation of his visa was overturned by the federal court on 21 august 2007, however the disgraced immigration minister kevin andrews has indicated he is likely to appeal the decision.	haneef was released when the director of public prosecutions withdrew its charge on july 27, 2007, whereby his passport was returned and he departed australia voluntarily on 29 july 2007. final vindication for haneef came when the cancellation of his visa was overturned by the federal court on 21 august 2007, however the immigration minister kevin andrews has indicated he is likely to appeal the decision.
"she admits in the first season episode ""holiday in the fog"" that all she wants is to be accepted by jeremie and the others, which she finally gets in ""echoes"" after discovering the factory and making a scene about it."	"she admits in the first season episode ""holiday in the fog"" that all she wants is to be accepted by jeremie and the others, which she gets in ""echoes"" after discovering the factory and making a scene about it."
some of ufpj's accomplishments include:	some of ufpj's protests include:
under the outstanding leadership of the prior, father cyprian candon, b 1921, a great extension of the college was built.	under the leadership of the prior, father cyprian candon, b 1921, a great extension of the college was built.
although named in scotland's 22 man squad for switzerland, stupidly scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.	although named in scotland's 22 man squad for switzerland, scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.
gehs fuel cycle business supplies reliable fuel products and services to customers around the world.	gehs fuel cycle business supplies fuel products and services to customers around the world.
h. floresiensis, which lived about 100,00012,000 years ago has been nicknamed hobbit for its small size, probably a result of insular (island) dwarfism.	h. floresiensis, which lived about 100,00012,000 years ago has been nicknamed hobbit for its small size, possibly a result of insular (island) dwarfism.
citing previous u.s. hostility, supporters of castro thus portray opposition to his regime as illegitimate, and the result of an ongoing conspiracy fostered solely by cuban exiles with ties to the united states or the cia.	citing previous u.s. hostility, supporters of castro thus portray opposition to his rule as illegitimate, and the result of an ongoing conspiracy fostered solely by cuban exiles with ties to the united states or the cia.
anecdotal reports suggest that when a person truly grasps the understanding behind health realization in an experiential way, an expansive sense of emotional freedom and well-being often results.	anecdotal reports suggest that when a person grasps the understanding behind health realization in an experiential way, an expansive sense of emotional freedom and well-being often results.
along with kisii district, narok district has been identified as having the highest level of practice of female circumcision in the country, despite the practice being outlawed in 2001.	along with kisii district, narok district has been identified as having the highest level of practice of female genital cutting in the country, despite the practice being outlawed in 2001.
being stronger and more able than unatco troopers, their role is usually to go into terrorist situations alone and complete objectives, while troopers usually follow behind and exterminate all enemies.	being stronger and more able than unatco troopers, their role is usually to go into terrorist situations alone and complete objectives, while troopers usually follow behind and neutralise all enemies.
hem till dig famously stopped u2's no line on the horizon from reaching number 1, the only country where the album did not reach this position.	hem till dig stopped u2's no line on the horizon from reaching number 1, the only country where the album did not reach this position.
skeet is mostly used to describe something really small, unfair, cheap, or unappreciated.	skeet is also used to describe something really small, unfair, cheap, or unappreciated.
this required them to have access to an electronic computer that was powerful by the standards of 1958. when they released the orbit of sputnik to the media the russians were dumbfounded to learn how powerful our computers were.	this required them to have access to an electronic computer that was powerful by the standards of 1958. when they released the orbit of sputnik to the media the russians were dumbfounded to learn how powerful american computers were.
his breakout performance from prom queen has led to him receiving another lead role in the upcoming hbo series, the first time, as jock, freddy silver.	his performance from prom queen has led to him receiving another lead role in the upcoming hbo series, the first time, as jock, freddy silver.
his incredible life in film, 5 unsuccessful marriages and a tragic end had the all the makings for its own hollywood drama.	his life in film, 5 unsuccessful marriages and a tragic end had the all the makings for its own hollywood drama.
after that, the discoverers half-seriously proposed, as an alternative explanation, that the signal might be a beacon or a communication from an intelligent extraterrestrial civilization and named it lgm-1.	after that, the discoverers proposed, as an alternative explanation, that the signal might be a beacon or a communication from an intelligent extraterrestrial civilization and named it lgm-1.
unable to tolerate watching her friends fight, she sacrificed herself to protect silverbolt and rampage from each other, leaving maximal and predacon alike to mourn for her passing .	unable to tolerate watching her friends fight, she sacrificed herself to protect silverbolt and rampage from each other, leaving maximal and predacon alike to mourn for her death .
luckilly , wills' role in the establishment of the game is now accepted.	however , wills' role in the establishment of the game is now accepted.
record-keeping in russia is poor and longevity myths continue to thrive.	record-keeping in russia is poor and longevity traditions continue to thrive.
it was the first album for which brian wilson's svengali , eugene landy, was noted as a collaborating songwriter with brian.	it was the first album for which brian wilson's therapist , eugene landy, was noted as a collaborating songwriter with brian.
the ashtar galactic command (or ashtar command) is the name of a fictional extraterrestrial organization whose existence and purpose are claimed by contactees, new age believers and channellers, including american ufologist george van tassel.	the ashtar galactic command (or ashtar command) is the name of a supposed extraterrestrial organization whose existence and purpose are claimed by contactees, new age believers and channellers, including american ufologist george van tassel.
the ontario college of art and design, based in toronto, offers unique euro-influenced conceptual thinking with a north american business attitude.	the ontario college of art and design, based in toronto, offers euro-influenced conceptual thinking with a north american business attitude.
it has also made it to second place in ign's top 100 games of all time 2007, beating all popular games from franchises such as mario, sonic, zelda and even halo.	it has also made it to second place in ign's top 100 games of all time 2007, beating all popular games from franchises such as mario, sonic, zelda and halo.
supple was eventually loaned out to league one side oldham athletic on 18 march 2009, following ipswich town's capture of polish goalkeeper, bartosz biakowski until the end of the season.	supple was loaned out to league one side oldham athletic on 18 march 2009, following ipswich town's capture of polish goalkeeper, bartosz biakowski until the end of the season.
the 2008 bbc 2 film the funny thing about ramadan saw irshad easing comedienne ayesha hazarika into the month of ramadan to comic effect.	the 2008 bbc 2 film the funny thing about ramadan saw irshad easing comedian ayesha hazarika into the month of ramadan to comic effect.
"more recently however, the ""impeach bush"" chatter has focused mostly on complaints relating to bush's handling of the iraq war."	"more recently however, the ""impeach bush"" advocacy has focused mostly on complaints relating to bush's handling of the iraq war."
at the school, the children were driven to forget their heritage and culture in an effort to force them to assimilate into euro-canadian culture.	at the school, the children were driven to forget their heritage and culture in an effort to force them to assimilate into white culture.
the party ran a campaign during the greek national elections of 2012 based on concerns for unemployment, austerity and the economy, as well as virulent anti-immigration rhetoric, which gained a large increase in support from the greek electorate.	the party ran a campaign during the greek national elections of 2012 based on concerns for unemployment, austerity and the economy, as well as severe anti-immigration rhetoric, which gained a large increase in support from the greek electorate.
1909 bronze relief sculpted panel by harry hems showing heretical protest by protestant martyr thomas benet which earned him martyrdom in 1531 at livery dole, exeter.	1909 bronze relief sculpted panel by harry hems showing protest by protestant martyr thomas benet which earned him martyrdom in 1531 at livery dole, exeter.
the morgenthau plan was a plan for the occupation of germany after the second world war that advocated harsh measures intended to remove germany's ability to wage war ever again.	the morgenthau plan was a plan for the occupation of germany after the second world war that advocated measures intended to remove germany's ability to wage war ever again.
19 february 2003: a north korean fighter jet entered south korean airspace over the yellow sea, the first since 1983. six south korean fighter planes responded, and the north korean plane retreated after two minutes.	19 february 2003: a north korean fighter jet entered south korean airspace over the yellow sea, the first since 1983. six south korean fighter planes responded, and the north korean plane departed after two minutes.
theories emerged, for example in order to show that muhammad was the anti-christ, it was asserted that muhammad died not in the year 632 but in the year 666 - the number of the beast.	fables emerged, for example in order to show that muhammad was the anti-christ, it was asserted that muhammad died not in the year 632 but in the year 666 - the number of the beast.
on october 22, 2007, several media organizations filed suit in an attempt to open bell's retrial to media organizations, as well as to unseal records and to lift a gag order which had been imposed on the parties and attorneys.	on october 22, 2007, several media organizations filed suit in an attempt to open bell's trial to media organizations, as well as to unseal records and to lift a gag order which had been imposed on the parties and attorneys.
strictly speaking, all messianic jews are christians, but the term generally means those jews who have recognized jesus as their messiah but still cling to and practice many jewish traditions and occasionally old testament procedural or judicial law.	strictly speaking, all messianic jews are christians, but the term generally means those jews who have recognized jesus as their messiah but still hold to and practice many jewish traditions and occasionally old testament procedural or judicial law.
excellent public high school in wellesley, ma, usa.	public high school in wellesley, ma, usa.
while these hierarchies are not universal to all societies, they are the norm among state-level cultures (as distinguished poorly from hunter-gatherers or other social arrangements).	while these hierarchies are not universal to all societies, they are the norm among state-level cultures (as distinguished from hunter-gatherers or other social arrangements).
the exposition of the museum is filled with historical documents, manuscripts, autographs, antique postcards, photos, and a great number of fascinating objects of the antique interior.	the exposition of the museum is filled with historical documents, manuscripts, autographs, antique postcards, photos, and a great number of objects of the antique interior.
the website of midnight university was later shut down in retaliation .	the website of midnight university was later shut down in response .
captain white led avenger in the falklands war surviving an attack by an exocet missile, it was amazingly shot out of the sky with the 4.5 inch mark 8 gun on the fo'c's'le of the ship.	captain white led avenger in the falklands war surviving an attack by an exocet missile, it was shot out of the sky with the 4.5 inch mark 8 gun on the fo'c's'le of the ship.
unfortunately the engines didn't meet their designed thrust ratings and their fuel consumption was higher than planned.	the engines didn't meet their designed thrust ratings and their fuel consumption was higher than planned.
felarca and her lawyer, bamn's national chair shanta driver, claim the white nationalists were the aggressors and bamn members had the right to defend themselves.	felarca and her lawyer, bamn's national chair shanta driver, say the white nationalists were the aggressors and bamn members had the right to defend themselves.
"the pussycat dolls are an award-winning american pop, dance music, and r&b, and dance and burlesque ensemble founded by choreographer robin antin in 1995. it began as a dance troupe based in los angeles, was ""re-cast"" as a music group in 2003, and expanded in 2005 with a parallel troupe at caesars palace in las vegas, nevada."	"the pussycat dolls are an american pop, dance music, and r&b, and dance and burlesque ensemble founded by choreographer robin antin in 1995. it began as a dance troupe based in los angeles, was ""re-cast"" as a music group in 2003, and expanded in 2005 with a parallel troupe at caesars palace in las vegas, nevada."
gradually annexed by the british east india company from the early 18th century and colonised by the united kingdom from the mid-19th century, india became an independent nation in 1947 after a struggle for independence which was marked by a non-violent resistance led by mahatma gandhi.	gradually annexed by the british east india company from the early 18th century and colonised by the united kingdom from the mid-19th century, india became an independent nation in 1947 after a struggle for independence which was marked by a non-violent resistance led by mohandas karamchand gandhi.
it has a picturesque town centre containing many seventeenth century buildings with the kennet and avon canal running though it.	it has a town centre containing many seventeenth century buildings with the kennet and avon canal running though it.
van vuuren's injuries were so appalling that, initially, his body was identified only after the race director had summoned all of the race marshals and he was not among them.	van vuuren's injuries were so extensive that, initially, his body was identified only after the race director had summoned all of the race marshals and he was not among them.
once home to only locals, alikanas has grown into a beautiful summer tourist area.	once home to only locals, alikanas has grown into a summer tourist area.
while some critics were initially concerned that the xbox would allow microsoft to extend its dominance of the pc software market to consoles, as of february 2005 estimates show the xbox's share of the worldwide console market is only comparable to the nintendo gamecube and far behind the playstation 2. the xbox has not sold well in japan, due to the japanese people's poor acceptance of non-japanese consoles, limited japanese developer support, poor game choices and the large size of the hardware itself.	while some critics were initially concerned that the xbox would allow microsoft to extend its dominance of the pc software market to consoles, as of february 2005 estimates show the xbox's share of the worldwide console market is only comparable to the nintendo gamecube and far behind the playstation 2. the xbox has not sold well in japan, due to the japanese people's poor acceptance of non-japanese consoles, limited japanese developer support, few game choices and the large size of the hardware itself.
the project for the new american century (pnac) is an influential neo-conservative, u.s. think tank based in washington, d.c. co-founded by william kristol and robert kagan, the group was established in early 1997. the pnac is an initiative of the new citizenship project, a 501(c)(3) organization that has been funded by the sarah scaife foundation, the john m. olin foundation and the bradley foundation.	the project for the new american century (pnac) is a controversial influential neo-conservative, u.s. think tank based in washington, d.c. co-founded by william kristol and robert kagan, the group was established in early 1997. the pnac is an initiative of the new citizenship project, a 501(c)(3) organization that has been funded by the sarah scaife foundation, the john m. olin foundation and the bradley foundation.
in the 2001 blockbuster movie adapted from the battle of mogadishu (black hawk down by mark bowden), msg gordon was portrayed by the danish actor nikolaj coster waldau.	in the 2001 movie adapted from the battle of mogadishu (black hawk down by mark bowden), msg gordon was portrayed by the danish actor nikolaj coster waldau.
the american petroleum institute likewise does not consider conventional nuclear fission as renewable, but that breeder reactor nuclear power fuel is considered renewable and sustainable, before explaining that radioactive waste from used spent fuel rods remains dangerous , and so has to be very carefully stored for up to a thousand years.	the american petroleum institute likewise does not consider conventional nuclear fission as renewable, but that breeder reactor nuclear power fuel is considered renewable and sustainable, before explaining that radioactive waste from used spent fuel rods remains radioactive , and so has to be very carefully stored for up to a thousand years.
reportedly the newest member of canadian celtic supergroup the cottars.	reportedly the newest member of canadian celtic music group the cottars.
civil liberty and the christian council of britain (named in imitation of the muslim council of britain) are front organizations set up by the fascist british national party.	civil liberty and the christian council of britain (named in imitation of the muslim council of britain) are front organizations set up by the far right british national party.
an employee stock ownership plan (esop) is an employee-owner scheme that provides a company's workforce with an ownership interest in the company.	an employee stock ownership plan (esop) is an employee-owner method that provides a company's workforce with an ownership interest in the company.
trump later made false allegations of voter fraud and stated the voter fraud cost him a popular vote victory.	trump later made allegations of voter fraud and stated the voter fraud cost him a popular vote victory.
it was the first national network in utilizing the gnu/ linux operating system in all its servers for the development of national content and adequate services to its health system.	it was the first national network in utilizing the linux operating system in all its servers for the development of national content and adequate services to its health system.
he is son of renowned physician douglas kinsella, founder of the national council on ethics in human research (ncehr).	he is son of physician douglas kinsella, founder of the national council on ethics in human research (ncehr).
in place of the elaborate code of laws (mitzvah) set out in deuteronomy, paul the apostle, drawing on , claimed that the keeping of the mosaic covenant was overturned by faith in jesus and the gospel (the new covenant), .	in place of the elaborate code of laws (mitzvah) set out in deuteronomy, paul the apostle, drawing on , claimed that the keeping of the mosaic covenant was superseded by faith in jesus and the gospel (the new covenant), .
unfortunately it failed to chart and a proposed album called one day on earth was never released.	however, it failed to chart and a proposed album called one day on earth was never released.
fox news conservative television anchor bill o'reilly, as well as conservative media watchdog mrc, have brought attention to the huffington post hosting controversial statements on its blogs, and arianna huffington's initial refusal to remove them.	fox news television anchor bill o'reilly, as well as conservative media watchdog mrc, have brought attention to the huffington post hosting controversial statements on its blogs, and arianna huffington's initial refusal to remove them.
some prime examples are the number of children blanche has, the manner of her husband's death, details of rose's education and adoption, and the ages of dorothy's children.	some examples are the number of children blanche has, the manner of her husband's death, details of rose's education and adoption, and the ages of dorothy's children.
though many soldiers continued to demand to be able to move in on the building, enuma resisted his own soldiers, and convinced them to remain in their positions.	though many soldiers continued to demand to be able to move in on the building, enuma resisted his soldiers, and convinced them to remain in their positions.
all three live together under the same roof of a european -style mansion with a maid helping take care of their needs.	all three live together under the same roof of a western -style mansion with a maid helping take care of their needs.
it is a celebrated example of shunga (japanese erotic art) and has been reworked by a number of artists.	it is a example of shunga (japanese erotic art) and has been reworked by a number of artists.
the afrikaner nation	the afrikaner ethnic group
during the russian revolution, many finns seized the chance for independence and liberated many arisakas from russian arsenals.	during the russian revolution, many finns seized the chance for independence and took many arisakas from russian arsenals.
taxicab confessions is a long-running series of no-holds-barred documentaries that air on the cable television network hbo.	taxicab confessions is a long-running series of documentaries that air on the cable television network hbo.
"heppenstall was responsible for a better understanding of the church's ""investigative judgment"" teaching."	"heppenstall was responsible for a more progressive understanding of the church's ""investigative judgment"" teaching."
note especially the echoes in the colors and designs of several of the flags of the confederate states of america:	note especially the similarities in the colors and designs of several of the flags of the confederate states of america:
his critics have accused elst, who has a doctorate on the subject of hindu nationalism, of being sympathetic to hindutva, a hindu nationalist movement.	critics have accused elst, who has a doctorate on the subject of hindu nationalism, of being sympathetic to hindutva, a hindu nationalist movement.
he only walked out on three films during his professional career: the 1971 comedy the million dollar duck starring dean jones; the 1980 horror film maniac; and the 1996 penelope spheeris film black sheep.	he walked out on three films during his professional career: the 1971 comedy the million dollar duck starring dean jones; the 1980 horror film maniac; and the 1996 penelope spheeris film black sheep.
doug pruden proudly displaying two world records: 677 one-armed back-of-the-hand push ups in one hour and 1781 back-of-the-hand push ups in one hour (2005)	doug pruden displaying two world records: 677 one-armed back-of-the-hand push ups in one hour and 1781 back-of-the-hand push ups in one hour (2005)
an ova adaptation by hoods entertainment was released with the third volume of the manga on december 17, 2009. a second ova adaptation, called was released by pony canyon in two parts; the first part released on july 30, 2010, and the second part released on november 17, 2010. in april 2011 masahiro itosugi announced that there will be no more printings of volumes 1 and 3 due to infamous bill 156.	an ova adaptation by hoods entertainment was released with the third volume of the manga on december 17, 2009. a second ova adaptation, called was released by pony canyon in two parts; the first part released on july 30, 2010, and the second part released on november 17, 2010. in april 2011 masahiro itosugi announced that there will be no more printings of volumes 1 and 3 due to bill 156.
perkins attended the university of alabama, playing football 1964-66. he played for the legendary coach bear bryant and was a teammate of pro football hall of fame quarterback joe namath.	perkins attended the university of alabama, playing football 1964-66. he played for the coach bear bryant and was a teammate of pro football hall of fame quarterback joe namath.
fillmore is a beautiful small valley town in northern ventura county just below the san cayetano mountain peak in the los padres national forest.	fillmore is a small valley town in northern ventura county just below the san cayetano mountain peak in the los padres national forest.
"there is no proof that the term was once a generic designation for any hybrid species, but this may relate to why it is considered offensive to many english speakers, who prefer non-offensive terms like ""biracial"" or ""multiracial,"" instead."	"there is no proof that the term was once a generic designation for any hybrid species, but this may relate to why it is considered offensive to many english speakers, who prefer terms like ""biracial"" or ""multiracial,"" instead."
"scope=""col"" | notability"	"scope=""col"" | notes"
the overwhelming majority of scientists working on climate change agree with the ipcc's main conclusions.	the majority of scientists working on climate change agree with the ipcc's main conclusions.
stalking (from middle english stalk: from old english bestealcian; akin to old english stelan to steal) is a legal term for repeated harassment or other forms of invasion of a person's privacy in a manner that causes fear to its focus .	stalking (from middle english stalk: from old english bestealcian; akin to old english stelan to steal) is a legal term for repeated harassment or other forms of invasion of a person's privacy in a manner that causes fear to its target .
however, throughout the gorbachev era diplomatic relations cooled until the collapse of the soviet empire in 1991 and the termination of soviet-cuban relations.	however, throughout the gorbachev era diplomatic relations cooled until the collapse of the soviet union in 1991 and the termination of soviet-cuban relations.
the court did note, however, that the list of written documents was stagnant and could not be modified except for through the amending formulas.	the court did note, however, that the list of written documents was static and could not be modified except for through the amending formulas.
in 1920, the famous shapley-curtis debate took place between harlow shapley and heber d. curtis over this issue.	in 1920, the shapley-curtis debate took place between harlow shapley and heber d. curtis over this issue.
at the age of 28, he became the mayor of nicosia turkish municipality, and has also served as a member of the so-called assembly of the republic, deputy prime minister and minister of tourism.	at the age of 28, he became the mayor of nicosia turkish municipality, and has also served as a member of the assembly of the republic, deputy prime minister and minister of tourism.
although ideologically connected to the far right-wing rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), the hss and the rss have an independent legal, administrative and financial structure, as the rss restricts its activities to india.	although ideologically connected to the right-wing rashtriya swayamsevak sangh (rss), the hss and the rss have an independent legal, administrative and financial structure, as the rss restricts its activities to india.
during the election, she garnered only 45.3% of the vote compared to sanford's 54.2%.	during the election, she garnered 45.3% of the vote compared to sanford's 54.2%.
they typically favored new deal programs and a reasonable social safety net; they sought to run these programs more efficiently than the democrats.	they typically favored new deal programs and a social safety net; they sought to run these programs more efficiently than the democrats.
only two heavy anti-tank battalions (schwere panzerjger-abteilung), numbered 512 and 653, were equipped with jagdtigers, with the first vehicles reaching the units in september 1944. about 20% were lost in combat; most were destroyed by their own crews when abandoned, chiefly due to mechanical breakdowns or lack of fuel in the desperate final stages of the war.	only two heavy anti-tank battalions (schwere panzerjger-abteilung), numbered 512 and 653, were equipped with jagdtigers, with the first vehicles reaching the units in september 1944. about 20% were lost in combat; most were destroyed by their own crews when abandoned, chiefly due to mechanical breakdowns or lack of fuel in the final stages of the war.
in may 2004, stark responded to a constituent army national guard member's letter critical of stark's recent vote on the war in iraq by immediately calling the service member's telephone and leaving a feisty response on voicemail which was later broadcast on san francisco's controversial talk radio station ksfo.	in may 2004, stark responded to a constituent army national guard member's letter critical of stark's recent vote on the war in iraq by immediately calling the service member's telephone and leaving a feisty response on voicemail which was later broadcast on san francisco's talk radio station ksfo.
an example of this is over kashmir: the pakistanis claim that a war of freedom for the kashmiris is being fought with the indians, who in turn, label them as terrorists.	a possible example of this is over kashmir: the pakistanis claim that a war of freedom for the kashmiris is being fought with the indians, who in turn, label them as terrorists.
"however, because much of the music produced by these bands has since come to be very highly regarded, the term ""krautrock"" can now generally seen as an accolade rather than an insult (and the term was happily used by exponents such as faust as a track title on faust iv)."	"however, because much of the music produced by these bands has since come to be very highly regarded, the term ""krautrock"" can now generally seen as an accolade rather than an insult (and the term was used by exponents such as faust as a track title on faust iv)."
PUNCT DET NOUN ADP NOUN ADP NOUN NUM PUNCT NUM PUNCT ADP ADJ NUM PUNCT NUM PUNCT ADJ ADP NOUN NOUN ADP ADJ NOUN PUNCT VERB NUM NOUN VERB PUNCT NUM VERB CCONJ NUM PUNCT NUM VERB VERB PUNCT	punct det nsubj prep pobj prep pobj nummod punct nummod punct prep pobj nummod punct nummod punct amod prep compound pobj prep amod pobj punct ROOT nummod nsubj ccomp punct nsubj conj cc compound punct nsubj conj conj punct
''this page is about the delicious italian food, you may be looking for the pizza programming language.	''this page is about the italian food, you may be looking for the pizza programming language.
his corrupted government lost the confidence of the commons on november 28, 2005, resulting in an election to be held on january 23, 2006.	his government lost the confidence of the commons on november 28, 2005, resulting in an election to be held on january 23, 2006.
sales and melamine scare in 2008	sales and melamine discovery in 2008
susan rose is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tilly vosburgh.	susan rose is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by tilly vosburgh.
allison would later claim to have susatined an out of body experience after the crash.	allison would later say to have susatined an out of body experience after the crash.
she served as an active member of the center's advisory board until shortly before her passing in 1974.	she served as an active member of the center's advisory board until shortly before her death in 1974.
"government officials in various countries have voiced concern at failing to protect customers' personal details and sony's belated warning that users details could have been obtained in the security breach  nearly a full week after the initial ""external intrusion"" as sony claimed."	"government officials in various countries have voiced concern at failing to protect customers' personal details and sony's belated warning that users details could have been obtained in the security breach  nearly a week after the initial ""external intrusion"" as sony claimed."
atwood's skillful writing allows the reader to presume a happy ending, if they need one, or a less sanguine conclusion - based on the inability of the anthropologists to find any trace of her or her descendants.	atwood's writing allows the reader to presume a happy ending, if they need one, or a less sanguine conclusion - based on the inability of the anthropologists to find any trace of her or her descendants.
eyewitness accounts were equally inconclusive and widely varied, with some of the opinions probably skewed by partisanship.	eyewitness accounts were equally inconclusive and widely varied, with some of the opinions possibly skewed by partisanship.
"isabelle coutant-peyre (born in 1952) is a french lawyer engaged to ilich ramrez snchez, the international terrorist better known as ""carlos"" (his nom de guerre) or ""carlos the jackal""."	"isabelle coutant-peyre (born in 1952) is a french lawyer engaged to ilich ramrez snchez, the international political militant better known as ""carlos"" (his nom de guerre) or ""carlos the jackal""."
furthermore, many have reasonably argued that the label of terrorism does not hinge on civilian casualities, as terror can be elicited through many other means as well.	furthermore, many have argued that the label of terrorism does not hinge on civilian casualities, as terror can be elicited through many other means as well.
"that was claimed around 1900 by kristian birkeland, whose ingenious experiments in a vacuum chamber with electron beams and magnetized spheres (miniature models of the earth or ""terrellas"") showed that such electrons would be guided towards the polar regions."	"that was claimed around 1900 by kristian birkeland, whose experiments in a vacuum chamber with electron beams and magnetized spheres (miniature models of the earth or ""terrellas"") showed that such electrons would be guided towards the polar regions."
chairman of the aboriginal and torres strait islander commercial development corporation	chairperson of the aboriginal and torres strait islander commercial development corporation
japan had reestablished relations with the republic of china after world war ii, and cordial relations were maintained with the nationalist government when it was exiled to taiwan, a policy that won japan the enmity of the people's republic of china, which was established in 1949. after the general warming of relations between china and western countries, especially the united states, which shocked japan with its sudden rapprochement with beijing in 1971, tokyo established relations with beijing in 1972. close cooperation in the economic sphere followed.	japan had reestablished relations with the republic of china after world war ii, and cordial relations were maintained with the nationalist government when it was relocated to taiwan, a policy that won japan the enmity of the people's republic of china, which was established in 1949. after the general warming of relations between china and western countries, especially the united states, which shocked japan with its sudden rapprochement with beijing in 1971, tokyo established relations with beijing in 1972. close cooperation in the economic sphere followed.
"phish heads, also known as phish phans were ardent followers of the legendary jam band phish before its disbanding in 2004. the name is derived from the coined term ""dead heads"", the name given to ardent followers of the grateful dead."	"phish heads, also known as phish phans were ardent followers of the jam band phish before its disbanding in 2004. the name is derived from the coined term ""dead heads"", the name given to ardent followers of the grateful dead."
"the sydney-based collective the herd achieved considerable success with their second album an elefant never forgets, featuring the controversial hit ""77%"" and the single burn down the parliament."	"the sydney-based collective the herd achieved success with their second album an elefant never forgets, featuring the controversial hit ""77%"" and the single burn down the parliament."
bohdziewicz was born in the city of vilnius, then part of the russian empire.	bohdziewicz was born in the city of vilna , then part of the russian empire.
antiquity of source suggests authenticity and authority to many believers, be they christian, mormon , or any faith.	antiquity of source suggests authenticity and authority to many believers, be they christian, jewish , or any faith.
need for speed: most wanted (commonly abbreviated to as nfs: mw) is an upcoming 2012 racing video game, developed by acclaimed british games developer criterion games and published by electronic arts.	need for speed: most wanted (commonly abbreviated to as nfs: mw) is an upcoming 2012 racing video game, developed by british games developer criterion games and published by electronic arts.
he is slated to portray the male main character in the upcoming video game fallout 4, in which he and fellow voice actress courtenay taylor spent two years recording about 13,000 lines.	he is slated to portray the male main character in the upcoming video game fallout 4, in which he and fellow voice actor courtenay taylor spent two years recording about 13,000 lines.
in his prime he was universally considered the most brilliant supertechnician of his time.	in his prime he was generally considered the most brilliant supertechnician of his time.
famed cinematographer vittorio storaro acted as visual consultant.	cinematographer vittorio storaro acted as visual consultant.
this expressway would have provided a vital truck link for the south shore of long island.	this expressway would have provided a truck link for the south shore of long island.
the drop in the birth rate from 2007 to 2009 is believed to be associated with the great recession	the drop in the birth rate from 2007 to 2009 is believed to be associated with the late-2000s recession
in 1971, vocal doo wop group the belmonts sang an interesting a cappella cover of the song for their cigars acappella candy album.	in 1971, vocal doo wop group the belmonts sang an a cappella cover of the song for their cigars acappella candy album.
villard, also known as villard books, is a major publishing imprint of random house, one of the largest publishing companies in the world.	villard, also known as villard books, is a publishing imprint of random house, one of the largest publishing companies in the world.
for the new york times 50th anniversary series of excellent articles.	for the new york times 50th anniversary series of articles.
the second massacre was the mass killing of civilians allegedly by the sri lankan army.	the second massacre was the mass killing of civilians by the sri lankan army.
researchers at hrl laboratories in malibu, california, develop an entirely new way to 3d print near-flawless ceramics, including fantastically heat-resistant varieties that were previously impossible.	researchers at hrl laboratories in malibu, california, develop an entirely new way to 3d print near-flawless ceramics, including strongly heat-resistant varieties that were previously impossible.
unfortunately the team only won 6 games.	however, the team only won 6 games.
ayelet menahemi, award-winning israeli film director, producer, writer, editor, and actor	ayelet menahemi, israeli film director, producer, writer, editor, and actor
he profoundly influenced japanese literature in the late meiji period with his blend of romantic individualism, concepts of self-realization, aesthetics, and nationalism.	he influenced japanese literature in the late meiji period with his blend of romantic individualism, concepts of self-realization, aesthetics, and nationalism.
malakar gained notoriety as an american idol finalist for being received badly by the show's judges, particularly simon cowell, yet advancing in the contest with public votes.	malakar gained national attention as an american idol finalist for being received badly by the show's judges, particularly simon cowell, yet advancing in the contest with public votes.
tabar vzquez of the leftist broad front coalition takes office as president of uruguay, marking the first period of socialist government in uruguay.	tabar vzquez of the broad front coalition takes office as president of uruguay, marking the first period of socialist government in uruguay.
originally it was mohammedan anglo-oriental college, which was founded by a great muslim social reformer sir syed ahmed khan.	originally it was mohammedan anglo-oriental college, which was founded by a muslim social reformer sir syed ahmed khan.
ireland and the united kingdom have opted out from the change from unanimous decisions to qualified majority voting in the sector of police and judicial affairs; this decision will be reviewed in ireland three years after the treaty enters into force (if the treaty is ever approved).	ireland and the united kingdom have opted out from the change from unanimous decisions to qualified majority voting in the sector of police and judicial affairs; this decision will be reviewed in ireland three years after the treaty enters into force (if the treaty is approved).
"the nixon campaign stressed douglas' leftist voting record, printing her votes on a ""pink sheet""."	"the nixon campaign stressed douglas' liberal voting record, printing her votes on a ""pink sheet""."
mann's most famous works include the monumental the sources of social power and the dark side of democracy, spanning the entire 20th century from the alleged armenian genocide in turkey to the nazi holocaust and rwanda's anti-hutu extermination campaigns.	mann's most famous works include the monumental the sources of social power and the dark side of democracy, spanning the entire 20th century from the armenian genocide in turkey to the nazi holocaust and rwanda's anti-hutu extermination campaigns.
bachmann cited disagreements with day over her principled anti tax stance as the reason for her ouster.	bachmann cited disagreements with day over her anti tax stance as the reason for her ouster.
hector albert cafferata jr., usmcr (november 4, 1929 april 12, 2016) was a united states marine who received the medal of honor for his heroic actions at the battle of chosin reservoir during the korean war.	hector albert cafferata jr., usmcr (november 4, 1929 april 12, 2016) was a united states marine who received the medal of honor for his actions at the battle of chosin reservoir during the korean war.
these materials require fossil fuel derived materials to produce and tend to degrade much more slowly.	construction materials require fossil fuel derived materials to produce and tend to degrade much more slowly .
this set of circumstances created a brief meme that was exploited for its questionable comedy value by, among other things, standup comics and the cartoon pinky and the brain.	this set of circumstances created a brief meme that was exploited for its comedy value by, among other things, standup comics and the cartoon pinky and the brain.
michalis boukouvalas (born 14 january 1988) is a promising football player, currently playing for larissa and for greece national under 19 football team.	michalis boukouvalas (born 14 january 1988) is a football player, currently playing for larissa and for greece national under 19 football team.
he is best known for appearing as norman binns in the british (yorkshire tv) sitcom only when i laugh.	he is known for appearing as norman binns in the british (yorkshire tv) sitcom only when i laugh.
he provides very few references to jesus' teachings, leading some theologians to question how consistent was his account of the faith with that of the four canonical gospels, the book of acts, and the epistle of james.	he provides few references to jesus' teachings, leading some theologians to question how consistent was his account of the faith with that of the four canonical gospels, the book of acts, and the epistle of james.
deadkidsongs is an extremely haunting book, written from the pov of young boys.	deadkidsongs is an extremely haunting book, written from the point of view of young boys.
the other son, rolf benirschke, was a celebrated kicker for the san diego chargers in the national football league.	the other son, rolf benirschke, was a kicker for the san diego chargers in the national football league.
"in a series of speeches broadcast on arab television, galloway described jerusalem and baghdad as being ""raped"" by ""foreigners,"" referring to israel's illegal annexation of east jerusalem, and the war in iraq."	"in a series of speeches broadcast on arab television, galloway described jerusalem and baghdad as being ""raped"" by ""foreigners,"" referring to israel's annexation of east jerusalem, and the war in iraq."
the pro-life movement claims that the human fetus is a human person with human rights, and that the right to life is the premier right.	the pro-life movement states that the human fetus is a human person with human rights, and that the right to life is the premier right.
in 2003, two koalas from a zoo in sydney, australia, were brought to binder park zoo from may to september in 2003, along with great games and activities with an australian culture twist.	in 2003, two koalas from a zoo in sydney, australia, were brought to binder park zoo from may to september in 2003, along with games and activities with an australian culture twist.
attack at middlebury college	incident at middlebury college
"putin is commonly credited with ""having restored order after the liberalising chaos of the yeltsin years."""	"putin is commonly credited with ""having restored order after the chaos of the yeltsin years."""
on may 16, 2016 cbs unaccountably renewed the show for a third season, which is set to premiere on october 17, 2016.	on may 16, 2016 cbs renewed the show for a third season, which is set to premiere on october 17, 2016.
saint marie-bernarde soubirous (gascon name: bernadeta sobirs; 7 january 184416 april 1879) was a miller's daughter born in lourdes, france and is venerated as a christian mystic and saint in the catholic church.	marie-bernarde soubirous (gascon name: bernadeta sobirs; 7 january 184416 april 1879) was a miller's daughter born in lourdes, france and is venerated as a christian mystic and saint in the catholic church.
1978), an american supermodel	1978), an american model
international conference to review the global vision of the holocaust, holocaust denial conference currently being held in tehran	international conference to review the global vision of the holocaust, holocaust conference currently being held in tehran
all five attackers were murdered by the police.	all five attackers were killed by the police.
he was born 1947 in the village zod in the basarker raion of the armenian ssr.	he was born 1947 in the village zod in the basargechar raion of the armenian ssr.
instead, the 'gandhi plan', put forward in 1988, proposed the revision of the non-proliferation treaty, which it regards correctly as inherently discriminatory in favour of the nuclear-weapon states, and a timetable for complete nuclear weapons disarmament.	instead, the 'gandhi plan', put forward in 1988, proposed the revision of the non-proliferation treaty, which it regards as inherently discriminatory in favour of the nuclear-weapon states, and a timetable for complete nuclear weapons disarmament.
the eighth generation of video game consoles will face competition from smartphones, tablets, and smart tvs.	the eighth generation of video game consoles is predicted to face competition from smartphones, tablets, and smart tvs.
those who martyred with sharafkandi from top 1- dr.sadegh sharafkandi 2- fattah abdoli 3- homayoun ardalan 4- nouri dehbokri	those who were killed with sharafkandi from top 1- dr.sadegh sharafkandi 2- fattah abdoli 3- homayoun ardalan 4- nouri dehbokri
although the sessions went off successfully, with all concerned very pleased with the end results, the project ended tragically with fairbairn's surprising and premature death in may 1999. fairbairn died, according to chris squire, just before the completion of final vocals and mixing on the ladder.	although the sessions went off successfully, with all concerned very pleased with the end results, the project ended with fairbairn's surprising and premature death in may 1999. fairbairn died, according to chris squire, just before the completion of final vocals and mixing on the ladder.
drflingen is located in the reiat district, about east of schaffhausen and has two separate international borders with germany, one of which being with the german enclave of bsingen am hochrhein.	drflingen is located in the reiat district, about east of schaffhausen and has two separate international borders with germany, one of which being with the german exclave of bsingen am hochrhein.
unfortunately , moore's case did not receive the attention that her family felt it deserved.	however , moore's case did not receive the attention that her family felt it deserved.
mao registered as a part-time student at beijing university and attended few lectures and seminars by infamous intellectuals, such as chen duxiu, hu shi, and qian xuantong.	mao registered as a part-time student at beijing university and attended few lectures and seminars by intellectuals, such as chen duxiu, hu shi, and qian xuantong.
in 1241, it was taken by the teutonic knights, but alexander nevsky liberated it several months later during a legendary campaign dramatized in sergei eisenstein's 1938 movie.	in 1241, it was taken by the teutonic knights, but alexander nevsky recaptured it several months later during a legendary campaign dramatized in sergei eisenstein's 1938 movie.
kacem speaks excellent english, as well as french, arabic and berber.	kacem speaks english, as well as french, arabic and berber.
authorslawyer.com, some simple dmca letter examples and good advice	authorslawyer.com, some simple dmca letter examples and advice
unlike its local neighbours the village is developing a more suburban role through a series of misguided land use planning decisions taken by chorley borough council over the last 40 years.	unlike its local neighbours the village is developing a more suburban role through a series of land use planning decisions taken by chorley borough council over the last 40 years.
it is the duty of the player who commited the foul to speak up and admit his /her infraction.	it is the duty of the player who commited the foul to speak up and admit his infraction.
it assembles and publishes data on the financial backers of liberal personalities and organizations.	it assembles and publishes data on the financial backers of left wing personalities and organizations.
obscene sex act performed on statue	simulated sex act performed on statue
nascar lore has developed since the sport's founding in 1947. it includes nascar's colorful history of races along with the men and machines that have competed in them.	nascar lore has developed since the sport's founding in 1947. it includes nascar's colorful history of races along with the drivers and machines that have competed in them.
as their interpretations of scripture continued to develop, witnesses learned that saluting the flag or standing for the national anthem are forms of idolatry.	as their interpretations of scripture continued to develop, witnesses were told that saluting the flag or standing for the national anthem are forms of idolatry.
close to 5 million pilgrims from all over the world visit lourdes (population of about 15,000) every year to pray and to drink the miraculous water, obtaining from the lord healing of the body and of the spirit.	close to 5 million pilgrims from all over the world visit lourdes (population of about 15,000) every year to pray and to drink the miraculous water, believing they obtain from the lord healing of the body and of the spirit.
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saintsorganized by joseph smith jr.1830, who was suceeded by brigham young, in accordance with a church-wide sustaining .	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saintsorganized by joseph smith jr.1830, who was suceeded by brigham young, in accordance with a church-wide vote .
this led authorities to believe haneef's attempted hasty exit from australia on july 2 was directly linked to the arrest of his second cousin kafeel ahmed, who suffered 90% burns after the failed glasgow airport attack on june 30. they discounted the possibility that haneef was returning to see his six day-old daughter, who had neonatal jaundice, and wife who had given birth to her first child by emergency caesarean section.	this led authorities to believe haneef's attempted hasty exit from australia on july 2 was directly linked to the arrest of his second cousin kafeel ahmed, who suffered 90% burns after the glasgow airport attack on june 30. they discounted the possibility that haneef was returning to see his six day-old daughter, who had neonatal jaundice, and wife who had given birth to her first child by emergency caesarean section.
he has a manic personality which is interrupted only by bouts of surprising insight and also has a macgyver-esque propensity for escaping from dangerous situations.	he has a manic personality which is interrupted only by bouts of surprising insight and also has a propensity for escaping from dangerous situations.
the story of its rise illustrates many principles of sound business operations, and its fall, which occurred in the face of the burgeoning of cycling in the united states in the 1970s and 1980s, sadly demonstrates the opposite.	the story of its rise illustrates many principles of sound business operations, and its fall, which occurred in the face of the burgeoning of cycling in the united states in the 1970s and 1980s, demonstrates the opposite.
in 2004, the department issued significant revisions of the white-collar overtime regulations under the fair labor standards act.	in 2004, the department issued revisions of the white-collar overtime regulations under the fair labor standards act.
theological/philosophical reasons for jonangpa suppression: the shentong heresy	theological/philosophical reasons for jonangpa suppression: the shentong (extrinsic emptiness)
the dry lakes are used frequently in filming projects; notably rabbit springs dry lake was the scene for the attack sequence in stagecoach filmed in 1938. also, actress and singer selena gomez shot her music video for a year without rain here .	the dry lakes are used frequently in filming projects; notably rabbit springs dry lake was the scene for the attack sequence in stagecoach filmed in 1938. also, actress and singer selena gomez shot her music video for a year without rain.
this page is a partial list of incidents of terrorism against israel in 2003.	this page is a partial list of incidents of violence against israel in 2003.
hugo rafael chvez fras (; 28 july 19545 march 2013) was a venezuelan politician who was the president of venezuela from 1999 until his death in 2013. he was formerly the leader of the fifth republic movement from its foundation in 1997 until 2007, when it merged with several other parties to form the united socialist party of venezuela (psuv), which he led until 2012.	hugo rafael chvez fras (; 28 july 19545 march 2013) was a venezuelan tyrant who was the president of venezuela from 1999 until his death in 2013. he was formerly the leader of the fifth republic movement from its foundation in 1997 until 2007, when it merged with several other parties to form the united socialist party of venezuela (psuv), which he led until 2012.
note also that according to recent research, at least some of the most promising tungsten alloys which have been considered as replacement for depleted uranium in penetrator ammunitions, such as tungsten-cobalt or tungsten-nickel-cobalt alloys, possess extreme carcinogenic properties, which by far exceed those ( real or suspected) of depleted uranium itself: 100% of rats implanted with a pellet of such alloys developed lethal rhabdomyosarcoma within a few weeks.	note also that according to recent research, at least some of the most promising tungsten alloys which have been considered as replacement for depleted uranium in penetrator ammunitions, such as tungsten-cobalt or tungsten-nickel-cobalt alloys, possess extreme carcinogenic properties, which by far exceed those ( confirmed or suspected) of depleted uranium itself: 100% of rats implanted with a pellet of such alloys developed lethal rhabdomyosarcoma within a few weeks.
the song has been her only real hit as of 2008.	the song has been her only top 40 hit as of 2008.
"although it in many ways retained the dynamics and atmosphere of earlier ""sofa sitcoms"" like terry and june, the tone was, owing to the studies of martin's obsessiveness and the unrequited romance between ann and paul, refreshingly darker than most of what had gone before."	"although it in many ways retained the dynamics and atmosphere of earlier ""sofa sitcoms"" like terry and june, the tone was, owing to the studies of martin's obsessiveness and the unrequited romance between ann and paul, darker than most of what had gone before."
"sondheim later released a statement, truthfully saying that the movie is a faithful adaptation of the musical and ""a first-rate movie"", the prince does have an affair with the baker's wife, ""any moment"" is in the film as well, and that all of the reports pertaining to the changes were false."	"sondheim later released a statement, saying that the movie is a faithful adaptation of the musical and ""a first-rate movie"", the prince does have an affair with the baker's wife, ""any moment"" is in the film as well, and that all of the reports pertaining to the changes were false."
it also transforms the historical boundaries of hussein ibn ali's birth in 4 ah and his martyrdom in 61 ah to an eternal presence embracing the boundaries of history and legend.	it also transforms the historical boundaries of hussein ibn ali's birth in 4 ah and his death in 61 ah to an eternal presence embracing the boundaries of history and legend.
when he was arrested, the police found with him a homemade torture rack, thankfully unused.	when he was arrested, the police found with him a homemade torture rack, as yet unused.
she has declared no such thing, lynne huffed , going on to scold roberts for breaching journalistic etiquette.	she has declared no such thing, lynne cheney responded , going on to scold roberts for breaching journalistic etiquette.
the separatist forces quickly overran the rest of abkhazia as the georgian government faced a second threat: an uprising by the supporters of the deposed zviad gamsakhurdia in the region of mingrelia (samegrelo).	the abkhaz forces quickly overran the rest of abkhazia as the georgian government faced a second threat: an uprising by the supporters of the deposed zviad gamsakhurdia in the region of mingrelia (samegrelo).
"hasner was videotaped characterizing himself as ""the most partisan republican in tallahassee."""	"hasner was videotaped describing himself as ""the most partisan republican in tallahassee."""
bosworth was drafted by the seattle seahawks, one of the teams he had sent a letter of disinterest to, in the 1987 nfl supplemental draft and, after initially declaring he would stick to his promise that he would not sign, signed what was both the biggest contract in team history and the biggest rookie contract in nfl history at the time: ten years for us$11 million.	bosworth was drafted by the seattle seahawks, one of the teams he had sent a letter of uninterest to, in the 1987 nfl supplemental draft and, after initially declaring he would stick to his promise that he would not sign, signed what was both the biggest contract in team history and the biggest rookie contract in nfl history at the time: ten years for us$11 million.
before the conquest of islam, afghanistan had close cultural ties with india, and the adoration of both hindu and buddhist deities was practiced.	before the arrival of islam, afghanistan had close cultural ties with india, and the adoration of both hindu and buddhist deities was practiced.
this forced dali to send him home on just the fifth day of the tournament.	this prompted dali to send him home on just the fifth day of the tournament.
the last airbender received extremely negative reviews from critics and viewers alike.	the last airbender received negative reviews from critics and viewers alike.
this became al-qaeda's justification for killing innocent civilians.	this became al-qaeda's justification for killing civilians.
"it contains several songs that are among the band's best , including ""the ballad of johnny x,"" and concert favorite ""here we go."""	"it contains several songs that are among the band's most popular , including ""the ballad of johnny x,"" and concert favorite ""here we go."""
100 px|the famous msn butterfly logo	100 px|the msn butterfly logo
since january 2003 the underground has been operated as a disastrous public–private partnership (ppp), where the infrastructure and rolling stock are maintained by two private companies (metronet and tube lines) under 30-year contracts, but it remains publicly owned and operated, by tfl.	since january 2003 the underground has been operated as a public–private partnership (ppp), where the infrastructure and rolling stock are maintained by two private companies (metronet and tube lines) under 30-year contracts, but it remains publicly owned and operated, by tfl.
the deputy prime minister of india, sardar vallabhbhai patel came to junagadh on november 12, 1947 to direct the occupation of the state by the indian army and at the same time ordered the reconstruction of the somanath temple	the deputy prime minister of india, sardar vallabhbhai patel came to junagadh on november 12, 1947 to direct the control of the state by the indian army and at the same time ordered the reconstruction of the somanath temple
"he had no formal education, but said that he attended ""mallam aminu kano political school, sudawa, kano"", referring to the famous politician and champion of the people's rights."	"he had no formal education, but said that he attended ""mallam aminu kano political school, sudawa, kano"", referring to the politician and champion of the people's rights."
she has gained additional notoriety from having posed for playboy magazine and from her current romantic relationship with lakers' head coach phil jackson.	she has gained additional attention from having posed for playboy magazine and from her current romantic relationship with lakers' head coach phil jackson.
currently, the group comprises singer and harmonica virtuoso john popper, guitarist chan kinchla, drummer brendan hill, bassist tad kinchla and keyboardist ben wilson.	currently, the group comprises singer and harmonica player john popper, guitarist chan kinchla, drummer brendan hill, bassist tad kinchla and keyboardist ben wilson.
"neil ""spyder"" giraldo (incorrectly spelled as ""geraldo"" in early liner notes/credits) is the distinctive lead guitarist of the band and has performed on all of benatar's albums."	"neil ""spyder"" giraldo (incorrectly spelled as ""geraldo"" in early liner notes/credits) is the lead guitarist of the band and has performed on all of benatar's albums."
the french catholic philosopher and a drafter of the universal declaration of human rights, jacques maritain, noted the distinction between the models found in france and in the mid-twentieth century us.	the french philosopher and a drafter of the universal declaration of human rights, jacques maritain, noted the distinction between the models found in france and in the mid-twentieth century us.
scholars such as christopher snyder believe that during the 5th and 6th centuries approximately from 410 ad when roman legions withdrew, to 597 ad when st. augustine of canterbury arrived southern britain preserved a sub-roman society that was able to survive the attacks from the barbarian anglo-saxons and even use a vernacular latin for an active culture.	scholars such as christopher snyder believe that during the 5th and 6th centuries approximately from 410 ad when roman legions withdrew, to 597 ad when st. augustine of canterbury arrived southern britain preserved a sub-roman society that was able to survive the attacks from the anglo-saxons and even use a vernacular latin for an active culture.
work beginning late 2012 will lead to major improvements in the park.	work beginning late 2012 will lead to major changes in the park.
the largest colony of arabs outside the middle east is in brazil, which has over 12 million brazilians of arab ancestry.	the largest concentration of arabs outside the middle east is in brazil, which has over 12 million brazilians of arab ancestry.
"martha nussbaum wrote an article in the new republic entitled ""the professor of parody"" criticizing butler's writing for obscurantism and for its merely ""verbal and symbolic politics,"" which nussbaum associates with postmodernism; in contrast, nussbaum associates effective feminist scholarship with conservative thinkers such as catharine mackinnon, nancy chodorow, and andrea dworkin."	"martha nussbaum wrote an article in the new republic entitled ""the professor of parody"" criticizing butler's writing for obscurantism and for its merely ""verbal and symbolic politics,"" which nussbaum associates with postmodernism; in contrast, nussbaum associates effective feminist scholarship with thinkers such as catharine mackinnon, nancy chodorow, and andrea dworkin."
vimeo, a curated video-sharing site that specializes in video art	vimeo, a video-sharing site that specializes in video art
george's church contains magnificent frescoes painted in 1167.	george's church contains frescoes painted in 1167.
quivira and cbola are two of the fantastic seven cities of gold existing only in a myth that originated around the year 1150 when the moors conquered mrida, spain.	quivira and cbola are two of the seven cities of gold existing only in a myth that originated around the year 1150 when the moors conquered mrida, spain.
other features such as the old chapel and the holy well add to the expected features, most of which unfortunately no longer survive.	other features such as the old chapel and the holy well add to the expected features, most of which no longer survive.
it is the second posthumous live album released since his passing in 1997. the cd consists of performances taken from two separate concerts buckley and his band played on july 6/7 1995 at paris olympia.	it is the second posthumous live album released since his death in 1997. the cd consists of performances taken from two separate concerts buckley and his band played on july 6/7 1995 at paris olympia.
in this history, mirza tahir ahmad has the distinction of being the only religious leader to date to provide a scientific rebuttal to the godless theories of the eminent biologist richard dawkins.	in this history, mirza tahir ahmad has the distinction of being the only religious leader to date to provide a scientific rebuttal to the secular theories of the eminent biologist richard dawkins.
on 29 september 2008, performance artist mark mcgowan 're-enacted' the assassination at stockwell station, to protest at the current lack of response.	on 29 september 2008, performance artist mark mcgowan 're-enacted' the killing at stockwell station, to protest at the current lack of response.
rossen's live report was unflatteringly featured in michael moore's 2002 documentary bowling for columbine.	rossen's live report was featured in michael moore's 2002 documentary bowling for columbine.
he concluded that r/k theory was a once useful heuristic that no longer serves a purpose in life history theory.	he argued that r/k theory was a once useful heuristic that no longer serves a purpose in life history theory.
the united kingdom claimed south georgia in 1775, annexed the islands in 1908, and exercises de jure control with the exception of a brief period during the falklands war in 1982. the dispute started in 1927 when argentina claimed sovereignty over south georgia, and subsequently was expanded in scope with argentina claiming the south sandwich islands in 1938. the islands have no indigenous population , and currently no permanent population.	the united kingdom claimed south georgia in 1775, annexed the islands in 1908, and exercises de facto control with the exception of a brief period during the falklands war in 1982. the dispute started in 1927 when argentina claimed sovereignty over south georgia, and subsequently was expanded in scope with argentina claiming the south sandwich islands in 1938. the islands have no indigenous population , and currently no permanent population.
additionally, many atheists are not entirely irreligious ; there are atheists who are religious or spiritual despite their lack of belief in god(s).	additionally, many atheists are not entirely non-religious ; there are atheists who are religious or spiritual despite their lack of belief in god(s).
the first generation of the powerbook g4 was announced at steve jobs' macworld expo keynote on january 9, 2001. the two models featured a powerpc g4 processor running at either 400 or 500 mhz, housed in a titanium-clad case that was just 1 inch (25 mm) deep.	the first generation of the powerbook g4 was announced at steve jobs' macworld expo keynote on january 9, 2001. the two models featured a powerpc g4 processor running at either 400 or 500 mhz, housed in a titanium-clad case that was 1 inch (25 mm) deep.
at the same time, riksdagen had gathered in stockholm, trying to find a way out of the catastrophic situation.	at the same time, riksdagen had gathered in stockholm, trying to find a way out of the military and political situation.
within hitlers nazi party some atheists were quite vocal especially baldur von schirach, arthur axmann and martin bormannwho were known atheists.	within hitlers nazi party some atheists were quite vocal especially baldur von schirach, arthur axmann and martin bormann who were known atheists.
there are other organizations, which are affiliated to it: the relief organization adsum ich bin bereit, the club internationaler gemeinntziger verein zur erforschung und frderung einer naturgemen lebens-, ernhrungs- sowie behandlungsweise and the so-called international research group internationale forschungsgruppe fr bioenergetik e. v..	there are other organizations, which are affiliated to it: the relief organization adsum ich bin bereit, the club internationaler gemeinntziger verein zur erforschung und frderung einer naturgemen lebens-, ernhrungs- sowie behandlungsweise and the international research group internationale forschungsgruppe fr bioenergetik e. v..
gay is a tiny unincorporated community in keweenaw county in the u.s. state of michigan.	gay is a unincorporated community in keweenaw county in the u.s. state of michigan.
early piast poland at her short-lived greatest extents around 1000 (dark red) and 1018 (within red line)	early piast poland at her greatest extents around 1000 (dark red) and 1018 (within red line)
also that year she starred in another great robert aldrich picture, hush... hush, sweet charlotte (1964), a grand guignol southern gothic melodrama, with davis as an elderly recluse slowly being driven mad; she is in fear of losing her condemned home, whilst simultaneously an old murder is exposed and her relatives gang up on her.	also that year she starred in another robert aldrich picture, hush... hush, sweet charlotte (1964), a grand guignol southern gothic melodrama, with davis as an elderly recluse slowly being driven mad; she is in fear of losing her condemned home, whilst simultaneously an old murder is exposed and her relatives gang up on her.
last riaa certification: flop	last riaa certification:
full statehood was enacted in 1959. sovereignty activists and other scholars feel that these actions were illegal.	full statehood was enacted in 1959. sovereignty activists and some scholars feel that these actions were illegal.
john titor is the name used on several bulletin boards during 2000 and 2001 by a poster falsely claiming to be a time traveler from the year 2036. in these posts he made numerous predictions (a number of them vague, some quite specific ) about events in the near future, starting with events in 2004. he described a drastically changed future in which the united states had broken into five smaller regions, the environment and infrastructure had been devastated by a nuclear attack, and most other world powers had been destroyed.	john titor is the name used on several bulletin boards during 2000 and 2001 by a poster claiming to be a time traveler from the year 2036. in these posts he made numerous predictions (a number of them vague, some quite specific ) about events in the near future, starting with events in 2004. he described a drastically changed future in which the united states had broken into five smaller regions, the environment and infrastructure had been devastated by a nuclear attack, and most other world powers had been destroyed.
the term has erroneously also been used to refer to hindu and buddhist ascetics (e.g., sadhus, gurus, swamis and yogis).	the term has also been used to refer to hindu and buddhist ascetics (e.g., sadhus, gurus, swamis and yogis).
critics claim that sharon knew that the provocative visit could trigger violence, and that the purpose of his visit was political; sharon won the february 2001 elections in a landslide.	critics claim that sharon knew that the visit could trigger violence, and that the purpose of his visit was political; sharon won the february 2001 elections in a landslide.
by the beginning of the 21st century the machine largely ceased to exist due to the successes of politicians such as jane byrne and harold washington, as well as the indifference of mayor richard m. daley.	by the beginning of the 21st century the democratic party of cook county largely ceased to exist due to the successes of politicians such as jane byrne and harold washington, as well as the indifference of mayor richard m. daley.
the constitution party is a paleoconservative united states political party.	the constitution party is a conservative united states political party.
during the 1980s, peru faced a considerable external debt, ever-growing inflation, a surge in drug trafficking, and massive political violence derived from the actions of terrorist groups shining path and tpac amaru revolutionary movement.	during the 1980s, peru faced a considerable external debt, ever-growing inflation, a surge in drug trafficking, and massive political violence derived from the actions of insurgent groups shining path and tpac amaru revolutionary movement.
he was widely worshipped until the suppression of paganism by the early roman catholic church under theodosius i. the information we have on the myths of osiris is derived from allusions contained in the pyramid texts, later new kingdom source documents such as the shabaka stone and the contending of horus and seth, and much later, in narrative style from the writings of greek authors including plutarch and diodorus siculus.	he was widely worshipped until the suppression of paganism by the early catholic church under theodosius i. the information we have on the myths of osiris is derived from allusions contained in the pyramid texts, later new kingdom source documents such as the shabaka stone and the contending of horus and seth, and much later, in narrative style from the writings of greek authors including plutarch and diodorus siculus.
in june, 2015 el-deiry described the exciting developments in liquid biopsy for the american association for cancer research's blog cancerresearch catalyst.	in june, 2015 el-deiry described the developments in liquid biopsy for the american association for cancer research's blog cancerresearch catalyst.
but the community of campile was not so lucky, where unfortunately two people were killed.	but the community of campile was not so lucky, where two people were killed.
nelson horatio barbour was born in throopsville, new york, august 21, 1824, and died in tacoma, washington, august 30, 1905. barbour was an influential adventist writer and publisher, best known for his association with and later opposition to charles taze russell.	nelson h. barbour was born in throopsville, new york, august 21, 1824, and died in tacoma, washington, august 30, 1905. barbour was an influential adventist writer and publisher, best known for his association with and later opposition to charles taze russell.
the primary plank of the rep's program is anti-immigration, and the party tends to attract protest voters, which think, that the cdu7 .	the primary plank of the rep's program is anti-immigration, and the party tends to attract protest voters, which think, that the cdu/csu isnt enough conservative anymore .
nouns have three grammatical genders (masculine, feminine and neuter) that correspond to a certain extent with the word ending, so that most nouns ending in -a are feminine, -o and -e neutral and the rest mostly masculine with a small but important class of feminines.	nouns have three grammatical genders (masculine, feminine and neuter) that correspond to a certain extent with the word ending, so that most nouns ending in -a are feminine, -o and -e neuter and the rest mostly masculine with a small but important class of feminines.
"the davis campaign used the claims in print and tv attack ads and told roll call that fourth district voters ""expected more than lip service about family values."""	"the davis campaign used the material in print and tv attack ads and told roll call that fourth district voters ""expected more than lip service about family values."""
"in a 2006 survey of 83 members of the mainstream american economics association, ""87.5% agree that the u.s. should eliminate remaining tariffs and other barriers to trade"" and ""90.1% disagree with the suggestion that the u.s. should restrict employers from outsourcing work to foreign countries."""	"in a 2006 survey of 83 members of the american economics association, ""87.5% agree that the u.s. should eliminate remaining tariffs and other barriers to trade"" and ""90.1% disagree with the suggestion that the u.s. should restrict employers from outsourcing work to foreign countries."""
this reflects kyoto's rich tradition of buddhist temples (see sangha).	this reflects kyoto's tradition of buddhist temples (see sangha).
he was married to american-born actress and comedienne kit hollerbach, who featured alongside him in the radio sitcoms unnatural acts and at home with the hardys.	he was married to american-born actress and comedian kit hollerbach, who featured alongside him in the radio sitcoms unnatural acts and at home with the hardys.
he conquered sicily and became its king in 1282. he was one of the greatest of medieval catalan monarchs.	he conquered sicily and became its king in 1282. he was one of the greatest of medieval aragonese monarchs.
promethium was first produced and characterized at oak ridge national laboratory (ornl) in 1945 by jacob a. marinsky, lawrence e. glendenin and charles d. coryell by separation and analysis of the fission products of uranium fuel irradiated in the graphite reactor; however, being too busy with military-related research during world war ii, they did not announce their discovery until 1947. the name promethium is derived from prometheus, the titan, in greek mythology, who stole fire from mount olympus and brought it down to mankind .	promethium was first produced and characterized at oak ridge national laboratory (ornl) in 1945 by jacob a. marinsky, lawrence e. glendenin and charles d. coryell by separation and analysis of the fission products of uranium fuel irradiated in the graphite reactor; however, being too busy with military-related research during world war ii, they did not announce their discovery until 1947. the name promethium is derived from prometheus, the titan, in greek mythology, who stole fire from mount olympus and brought it down to humankind .
until tim russert's tragic death on june 13th 2008, the show's format consisted of an extended one-on-one interview with the host, and was sometimes followed by a roundtable discussion or one-on-two interview with figures in adversarial positions, either congress members from opposite sides of the aisle or political commentators.	until tim russert's death on june 13th 2008, the show's format consisted of an extended one-on-one interview with the host, and was sometimes followed by a roundtable discussion or one-on-two interview with figures in adversarial positions, either congress members from opposite sides of the aisle or political commentators.
though often co-mingled, wave power is physiologically distinct from the diurnal flux of tidal power and the steady gyre of ocean currents.	though often co-mingled, wave power is distinct from the diurnal flux of tidal power and the steady gyre of ocean currents.
from this view strong atheists have made the mistaken assumption that the concept of god actually contains an expressible or thinkable proposition.	from this view strong atheists have made the assumption that the concept of god actually contains an expressible or thinkable proposition.
in may 2017, leslie was reported to be in talks to appear on celebrity big brother in a bid to revive his devastated career.	in may 2017, leslie was reported to be in talks to appear on celebrity big brother in a bid to revive his career.
this position has been followed by numerous other scholars.	this position has been followed by several other scholars.
in the doubles event, she and her partner maria kirilenko made it to the final and fought from a bagel first set to take it to a match tiebreak, in which they unfortunately lost 60, 46, (107).	in the doubles event, she and her partner maria kirilenko made it to the final and fought from a bagel first set to take it to a match tiebreak, in which they lost 60, 46, (107).
"pro-choice activists like marilyn wilson, former executive director of the canadian abortion rights action league, say, ""illegal abortions were common, but often of poor safety."	"pro-choice nazis like marilyn wilson, former executive director of the canadian abortion rights action league, say, ""illegal abortions were common, but often of poor safety."
amyntas iii (greek: ; died 370 bc) was king of the ancient greek kingdom of macedon in 393 bc, and again from 392 to 370 bc.	amyntas iii (greek: ; died 370 bc) was king of the ancient kingdom of macedon in 393 bc, and again from 392 to 370 bc.
night watch supportes on vigil at the bronze soldier of tallinn one day before its demolition by estonian officials	night watch supportes on vigil at the bronze soldier of tallinn one day before its removal by estonian officials
in armenian cuisine, the manti are filled with minced lamb, or beef (less common), with finely minced onions and various other delicious spices.	in armenian cuisine, the manti are filled with minced lamb, or beef (less common), with finely minced onions and various other spices.
it topped both the american and british charts in a tasteless platters-style arrangement.	it topped both the american and british charts in a platters-style arrangement.
humans have the same number of hair follicles as other apes, but body hair is generally very fine or barely visible in comparison.	humans have the same number of hair follicles as apes, but body hair is generally very fine or barely visible in comparison.
james maloney's father, brian maloney was a tough lock forward and captain coach of orange cyms in country new south wales.	james maloney's father, brian maloney was a lock forward and captain coach of orange cyms in country new south wales.
and yet, a great deal of the criticism is simply a matter of gaming loyalty; each rpg fanboy swears their prefered rpg is the greatest of them all.	and yet, a great deal of the criticism is simply a matter of gaming loyalty; each rpg fan swears their prefered rpg is the greatest of them all.
canadian opposition to un resolution lifting siege of gaza	canadian opposition to un resolution lifting blockade of gaza
aged only 16, spittal made his queen's park debut away to montrose on 17 november 2012. he went on to make a total of 18 appearances that season, scoring his only goal in a 53 win away to elgin.	aged 16, spittal made his queen's park debut away to montrose on 17 november 2012. he went on to make a total of 18 appearances that season, scoring his only goal in a 53 win away to elgin.
she has released several overseas versions of her albums in taiwan and china already, so she is reasonably well known in both countries .	she has released several overseas versions of her albums in taiwan and china already, so she is reasonably well known in both regions .
isolated military strikes by u.s. and british forces continued on iraq sporadically, the largest being operation desert fox in 1998. western charges of iraqi resistance to un access to suspected weapons were the pretext for crises between 1997 and 1998, culminating in intensive u.s. and british missile strikes on iraq, december 16-19, 1998. after two years of intermittent activity, u.s. and british warplanes struck harder at sites near baghdad in february, 2001.	isolated military strikes by u.s. and british forces continued on iraq sporadically, the largest being operation desert fox in 1998. western charges of iraqi resistance to un access to suspected weapons were the reason for crises between 1997 and 1998, culminating in intensive u.s. and british missile strikes on iraq, december 16-19, 1998. after two years of intermittent activity, u.s. and british warplanes struck harder at sites near baghdad in february, 2001.
maiden name: joy davidman	pre-marriage name: joy davidman
dominating the secular intellectual milieu in which the cappadocians lived was platonism, which, when mixed with unreflective christian theology, bred arianism, the most prominent heresy at the dawn of the fourth century.	dominating the secular intellectual milieu in which the cappadocians lived was platonism, which, when mixed with christian theology, bred arianism, the most prominent heresy at the dawn of the fourth century.
this feedback is to be used by teachers to improve the quality of their instruction.	this feedback is to be used by teachers to assess the quality of their instruction.
the comparative method has been successfully used to reconstruct some very large language families, notably austronesian (which includes hawaiian, tagalog, indonesian , and malagasy) and niger-congo (the majority of the languages of modern africa).	the comparative method has been successfully used to reconstruct some very large language families, notably austronesian (which includes hawaiian, tagalog, javanese , and malagasy) and niger-congo (the majority of the languages of modern africa).
alison steadman, obe (born 26 august 1946) is an english actress.	alison steadman, obe (born 26 august 1946) is an english actor.
"hezbollah ( , meaning ""party of god"") is a radical shi'a islamist militant and political organization based in lebanon."	"hezbollah ( , meaning ""party of god"") is a shi'a islamist militant and political organization based in lebanon."
the people's party of canada (ppc, ) is a right-wing federal party in canada founded by maxime bernier on september 14, 2018, shortly after his resignation from the conservative party.	the people's party of canada (ppc, ) is a populist federal party in canada founded by maxime bernier on september 14, 2018, shortly after his resignation from the conservative party.
among the great figures of his cast were mexicans joaqun cordero and ana luisa peluffo and argentine libertad lamarque, who died during the filming of this soap opera and was replaced by actress silvia pinal.	among the notable figures of his cast were mexicans joaqun cordero and ana luisa peluffo and argentine libertad lamarque, who died during the filming of this soap opera and was replaced by actress silvia pinal.
some observers concerned with academic freedom argue that the investigation is in retaliation for churchill's critical statements about the world trade center attacks.	some observers concerned with academic freedom argue that the investigation is in retaliation for churchill's highly criticized statements about the world trade center attacks.
in 1999 jewison's work was recognized by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences when he was given the prestigious irving g. thalberg memorial award for lifetime achievement.	in 1999 jewison's work was recognized by the academy of motion picture arts and sciences when he was given the irving g. thalberg memorial award for lifetime achievement.
novel by irving wallace published in 1974. several men form a fan club devoted to worshipping a blond bombshell.	novel by irving wallace published in 1974. four men form a fan club devoted to worshipping a blond bombshell.
estimates of the number of people trafficked for sexual purposes is contentious - problems of definition are compounded by the willingness of victims to identify as being trafficked.	estimates of the number of people trafficked for sexual purposes is contentious - problems of definition can be compounded by the willingness of victims to identify as being trafficked.
existing as a separate nation for centuries, tibet is today occupied by the people's republic of china (prc).	existing as a separate nation for centuries, tibet is today administered by the people's republic of china (prc).
pornography addiction is a hypothesized form of sexual addiction defined by its proponents as a condition resulting from the overuse or abuse of pornography.	pornography addiction is a form of sexual addiction defined by its proponents as a condition resulting from the overuse or abuse of pornography.
the film was released theatrically on february 7, 2014, to acclaim , with critics praising its visual style, humor, voice acting and heartwarming message.	the film was released theatrically on february 7, 2014, to positive reviews , with critics praising its visual style, humor, voice acting and heartwarming message.
pronto condoms are an innovative brand of sheath being released in south africa, designed by willem van rensburg.	pronto condoms are an brand of sheath being released in south africa, designed by willem van rensburg.
fortunately the broadcast was preserved and is available for purchase.	the broadcast was preserved and is available for purchase.
unfortunately the seville road practice spaces were demolished in 2012 to make way for one of many luxury student housing complexes currently being developed.	the seville road practice spaces were demolished in 2012 to make way for one of many luxury student housing complexes currently being developed.
the allegations have raised questions in the international community and with some americans about the long standing positive image of the united states.	the allegations have raised questions in the international community and with some americans about the long standing image of the united states.
she is best known for her role as raquel in the bbc sitcom only fools and horses.	she is known for her role as raquel in the bbc sitcom only fools and horses.
however, audiences seem to disagree with brooker's erratic tirade and have made it a world-wide hit, growing its timeslot in italy by 470% and increasing viewership from its lead-ins by 2 or 3 times on average.	however, audiences seem to disagree with brooker's tirade and have made it a world-wide hit, growing its timeslot in italy by 470% and increasing viewership from its lead-ins by 2 or 3 times on average.
some non-traditional ingredients such as cream cheese and mayonnaise that are sometimes found in western-style sushi dishes can add significant amounts of unhealthy fat to a traditionally lean dish.	some non-traditional ingredients such as cream cheese and mayonnaise that are sometimes found in western-style sushi dishes can add significant amounts of fat to a traditionally lean dish.
later the cbv also attacked this colony with the new bug-weapons and killed many innocent civilians.	later the cbv also attacked this colony with the new bug-weapons and killed many civilians.
the bush administration had taken office nearly 8 months prior to the attacks.	the bush administration had taken office just under 8 months prior to the attacks.
the powerful balarama refused to fight at kurukshetra, because he was both bhima and duryodhana's wrestling coach.	the powerful balarama refused to fight at kurukshetra, because he was both bhima and duryodhana's coach.
through winshape, chick-fil-a has given $3 million to anti-gay social conservative groups since 2003, with a total of $2 million in 2009 alone.	through winshape, chick-fil-a has given $3 million to social conservative groups since 2003, with a total of $2 million in 2009 alone.
in order to hold the two seemingly-contradictory viewpoints that the bible is inerrant in all matters of fact as well as faith and doctrine and that the earth is very ancient, they must account for the supposition that certain facts about both the human past and the age of the earth have been omitted from the biblical account rather than falsified by it.	in order to hold the two seemingly-contradictory viewpoints that the bible is inerrant in all matters of fact as well as faith and doctrine and that the earth is very ancient, they must account for the supposition that certain facts about both the human past and the age of the earth have been omitted from the biblical account rather than mythologized by it.
mao zedong (december 26, 1893 – september 9, 1976) (also mao tse-tung in wade-giles transliteration; ) was a chinese marxist military and political leader, who led the communist party of china (cpc) to victory against the kuomintang (kmt) in the chinese civil war, and the peoples republic of china (prc) from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976. in china, mao is also recognized as a skilled poet, calligrapher and writer.	mao zedong (december 26, 1893 – september 9, 1976) (also mao tse-tung in wade-giles transliteration; ) was a chinese marxist military and political leader, who led the communist party of china (cpc) to victory against the kuomintang (kmt) in the chinese civil war, and the peoples republic of china (prc) from its establishment in 1949 until his death in 1976. in china, mao is also recognized as a poet, calligrapher and writer.
her last name could also be a reference to elliot lovegood grant watson, who wrote numerous books highlighting the insufficiencies of darwinism after he was raised by a mother who adored darwin.	her last name could also be a reference to elliot lovegood grant watson, who wrote numerous books attacking the insufficiencies of darwinism after he was raised by a mother who adored darwin.
on february 22 1995, three cyclists of the team - nstor mora, hernn patio and augusto triana were tragically killed while training on a highway in colombia when they were hit by a truck.	on february 22 1995, three cyclists of the team - nstor mora, hernn patio and augusto triana were killed while training on a highway in colombia when they were hit by a truck.
it also makes available a minscule pool of insurance funds to compensate people who are injured or incur damages from a nuclear or radiological incident.	it also makes available a pool of insurance funds to compensate people who are injured or incur damages from a nuclear or radiological incident.
some self-styled evangelists see the catholic church as occult and working with satan.	some evangelists see the catholic church as occult and working with satan.
"her songs have appeared in such films as murphy's law (1986), valerie flake (1999), and east of a (2000), as well as on the popular television series buffy the vampire slayer (""wish we never met"" from pitch like a girl appeared in the season three episode, ""consequences"")."	"her songs have appeared in such films as murphy's law (1986), valerie flake (1999), and east of a (2000), as well as on the television series buffy the vampire slayer (""wish we never met"" from pitch like a girl appeared in the season three episode, ""consequences"")."
"the clich of ""cavemen"" originates with the discovery of neanderthal remains."	"the archetype of ""cavemen"" originates with the discovery of neanderthal remains."
"the battle of the combahee river was a skirmish of the american revolutionary war fought on august 26, 1782, near beaufort, south carolina, one of many such unimportant confrontations to occur before the british evacuated charleston in december 1782. of note is the death of 27-year-old colonel john laurens, ""one of the bravest and most gallant of the american officers."""	"the battle of the combahee river was a skirmish of the american revolutionary war fought on august 26, 1782, near beaufort, south carolina, one of many such confrontations to occur before the british evacuated charleston in december 1782. of note is the death of 27-year-old colonel john laurens, ""one of the bravest and most gallant of the american officers."""
happily married , he has a son and a daughter.	married , he has a son and a daughter.
heaven sent received universal critical acclaim, with the majority of critics declaring it the greatest episode of the current series, and possibly one of the greatest episodes in the show's run.	heaven sent received critical acclaim, with the majority of critics declaring it the greatest episode of the current series, and possibly one of the greatest episodes in the show's run.
comedienne kathy griffin surprised the girls at panel with a comedic entrance.	comedian kathy griffin surprised the girls at panel with a comedic entrance.
driving a ferrari 512 in an interserie race at the nrburgring, he survived a fiery start collision that luckily ended in the pit lane next to a fire engine.	driving a ferrari 512 in an interserie race at the nrburgring, he survived a fiery start collision that ended in the pit lane next to a fire engine.
"however, the basic values of feminism (women's rights and gender equality /advantage for women) have become so integrated into western culture as to be accepted overwhelmingly as valid, and non-conformity to those values characterized as unacceptable, by the same men and women who reject the label ""feminist""."	"however, the basic values of feminism (women's rights and gender equality for women) have become so integrated into western culture as to be accepted overwhelmingly as valid, and non-conformity to those values characterized as unacceptable, by the same men and women who reject the label ""feminist""."
the ghost who saved the bank at monte carlo is the eleventh episode of the popular 1969 itc british television series randall and hopkirk (deceased) starring mike pratt, kenneth cope and annette andre.	the ghost who saved the bank at monte carlo is the eleventh episode of the 1969 itc british television series randall and hopkirk (deceased) starring mike pratt, kenneth cope and annette andre.
in the us, liberalism is usually contrasted with conservatism, and american liberals ostensibly support broader tolerance and more readily embrace multiculturalism and affirmative action.	in the us, liberalism is usually contrasted with conservatism, and american liberals support broader tolerance and more readily embrace multiculturalism and affirmative action.
its population as of 2008 is 6,645. it has been occupied by the armed forces of the de-facto nagorno-karabakh republic since august 1993.	its population as of 2008 is 6,645. it has been controlled by the armed forces of the de-facto nagorno-karabakh republic since august 1993.
the vision-cope-green coalition swept to power.	the vision-cope-green coalition came to power.
prime minister olof palme summarized the swedish neutrality in a speech in 1985; vi str fr sveriges oberoende i fred och kommer med fasthet att vrna vrt territorium mot varje inkrktare (en: we stand for sweden's independence in peacetime and will, with firmness, enforce our territory against every foreign intruder).	prime minister olof palme summarized the swedish neutrality in a speech in 1985; vi str fr sveriges oberoende i fred och kommer med fasthet att vrna vrt territorium mot varje inkrktare (en: we stand for sweden's independence in peacetime and will, with firmness, defend our territory against every foreign intruder).
it apologized for the illegal roles the united states took in the overthrow of the peaceably-reigning kingdom of hawaii in 1893. the resolution served as a major impetus for the hawaiian sovereignty movement.	it apologized for the illegal roles the united states took in the overthrow of the kingdom of hawaii in 1893. the resolution served as a major impetus for the hawaiian sovereignty movement.
it was officially disbanded late in january 2009 by south african president kgalema motlanthe, after coming into conflict with the crooked head of the south african police service, jackie selebi.	it was officially disbanded late in january 2009 by south african president kgalema motlanthe, after coming into conflict with the head of the south african police service, jackie selebi.
the republic bordered germany, the protectorate of bohemia and moravia, general government ( enemy -occupied remnant of poland), and hungary.	the republic bordered germany, the protectorate of bohemia and moravia, general government ( nazi -occupied remnant of poland), and hungary.
maryland, as a slave-holding border state, had remained relatively cozy toward the south in the antebellum arguments over states rights and the sovereignty of the federal government.	maryland, as a slave-holding border state, had remained relatively neutral toward the south in the antebellum arguments over states rights and the sovereignty of the federal government.
mcshane was born in blackburn, lancashire, on september 29, 1942, the son of irene (ne cowley) and famous scottish-born footballer harry mcshane.	mcshane was born in blackburn, lancashire, on september 29, 1942, the son of irene (ne cowley) and scottish-born footballer harry mcshane.
keith green died on july 28 1982, when the cessna 414 leased by last days ministries crashed barely after takeoff from the private airstrip located on ldm property.	keith green died on july 28 1982, when the cessna 414 leased by last days ministries crashed after takeoff from the private airstrip located on ldm property.
since no real god was called upon, lampon may have considered this oath safe to break.	since no god was called upon, lampon may have considered this oath safe to break.
these abilities compensate for the paladin's lackluster damage dealing by making them annoyingly hard to kill.	these abilities compensate for the paladin's lackluster damage dealing by making them hard to kill.
the red-headed comedienne made her screen debut as cousin betty in loose ankles (1930).	the red-headed comedian made her screen debut as cousin betty in loose ankles (1930).
huanchaco is a beautiful beach and summer vacation spot in the northern city of trujillo, peru.	huanchaco is a beach and summer vacation spot in the northern city of trujillo, peru.
these controls may allow for the blocking of television stations using v-chip technology, the removal of gore from computer games, the blocking of inappropriate websites, such as those containing pornography, or the automatic censoring of swearing.	these controls may allow for the blocking of television stations using v-chip technology, the removal of gore from computer games, the blocking of various websites, such as those containing pornography, or the automatic censoring of swearing.
galen strawson is the son of the celebrated philosopher p. f. strawson.	galen strawson is the son of the renowned philosopher p. f. strawson.
this was the same promise hortman had made when he announced during halftime of the final home game in 2006 that the team would return to cincinnati in 2007. sadly , the promise was once again kept unfulfilled, and the team folded along with the league.	this was the same promise hortman had made when he announced during halftime of the final home game in 2006 that the team would return to cincinnati in 2007. however , the promise was once again kept unfulfilled, and the team folded along with the league.
colman died in may 1958by strange coincidence, his widow, actress benita hume, married actor george sanders in 1959, and sanders took the role meant for colman.	colman died in may 1958by coincidence, his widow, actress benita hume, married actor george sanders in 1959, and sanders took the role meant for colman.
the opening ceremony marks the start of the 2004 summer olympics in athens, greece.	a spectacular opening ceremony marks the start of the 2004 summer olympics in athens, greece.
unfortunately whistler's bankruptcy in 1879 forced the sale of the house along with the rest of the painter's effects.	however, whistler's bankruptcy in 1879 forced the sale of the house along with the rest of the painter's effects.
the road is regularly patrolled by unmarked police cars and motorcycles and a mobile safety camera van is used most weekends during the summer.	the road is regularly patrolled by unmarked police cars and motorcycles and a mobile speed camera van is used most weekends during the summer.
udham singh (, ; december 26, 1899 – july 31, 1940), born sher singh was a sikh punjabi marxist and militant nationalist best known for assasinating michael o'dwyer in march 1940 in what has been described as an avengement of the jallianwalla bagh massacre .	udham singh (, ; december 26, 1899 – july 31, 1940), born sher singh was a sikh punjabi marxist and radical nationalist best known for assasinating michael o'dwyer in march 1940 in what has been described as an avengement of the jallianwalla bagh massacre .
gates cites the perceived unfairness of gaining the benefits of software authors' time, effort, and capital, but then depriving them of the royalties they require .	gates cites the perceived unfairness of gaining the benefits of software authors' time, effort, and capital, but then depriving them of the royalties they demand .
the upheavals led to the downfall of president sukarno and the commencement of suharto's three-decade presidency .	the upheavals led to the downfall of president sukarno and the commencement of suharto's three-decade dictatorship .
on september 18 stalin dispatched general h.m. zakharov to korea to order kim il-sung to halt his offensive around the pusan perimeter and to redeploy his forces to defend seoul.	on september 18 stalin dispatched general h.m. zakharov to korea to advise kim il-sung to halt his offensive around the pusan perimeter and to redeploy his forces to defend seoul.
gilda radner (1946-1989), comedienne , actress, wife of gene wilder, lived in the city	gilda radner (1946-1989), comedian , actress, wife of gene wilder, lived in the city
"{ lat = ""32.660"", long = ""36.434"", mark = ""location dot lime .svg"", marksize = ""8"", label = ""umm walad"", link = ""umm walad"", label_size = ""80"", position = ""right"" },"	"{ lat = ""32.660"", long = ""36.434"", mark = ""location dot red .svg"", marksize = ""8"", label = ""umm walad"", link = ""umm walad"", label_size = ""80"", position = ""right"" },"
becky fischer (born 1951) is a pentecostal children's indoctrinator .	becky fischer (born 1951) is a pentecostal children's pastor .
the city can easily be accessed from around the world via frankfurt airport (flughafen frankfurt am main) which is located	the city can be accessed from around the world via frankfurt airport (flughafen frankfurt am main) which is located
both bradbury and michael moore have claimed that there is absolutely no animosity between them, and have nothing but professional respect for each other's work.	both bradbury and michael moore have said that there is absolutely no animosity between them, and have nothing but professional respect for each other's work.
the commission comprised four of the most eminent people in the country: the prime minister of the united kingdom lord grenville, the lord chancellor lord erskine, the lord chief justice of england and wales lord ellenborough and the home secretary lord spencer.	the commission comprised four of the most eminent men in the country: the prime minister of the united kingdom lord grenville, the lord chancellor lord erskine, the lord chief justice of england and wales lord ellenborough and the home secretary lord spencer.
the red and black alliance is a patriotic political party in albania.	the red and black alliance is a nationalist political party in albania.
this is slated to get released only in tamil, telugu and hindi language.	this is slated to get released in tamil, telugu and hindi language.
oh no ono was a grammy-nominated quintet from aalborg, denmark.	oh no ono was a musical quintet from aalborg, denmark.
the word styrofoam is sometimes misused by the general public in the united states and canada as a generic term to indicate polystyrene foam, such as coffee cups, cooler or packaging material, which are typically white in color and are made of expanded polystyrene beads.	the word styrofoam is sometimes used by the general public in the united states and canada as a generic term to indicate polystyrene foam, such as coffee cups, cooler or packaging material, which are typically white in color and are made of expanded polystyrene beads.
robert bogucki (born 1966) is an american firefighter from alaska famous for having survived 43 days lost in western australia's great sandy desert before being rescued.	robert bogucki (born 1966) is an american firefighter from alaska notable for having survived 43 days lost in western australia's great sandy desert before being rescued.
beach and his two brothers initially went to live with their grandmother, who had spent her own childhood in one of the infamous indian residential schools.	beach and his two brothers initially went to live with their grandmother, who had spent her own childhood in one of the assimilationist indian residential schools.
, however, as was pointed out in an episode of south park, there are few subjects and/or premises not already explored by the simpsons due to its incredible longevity.	, however, as was pointed out in an episode of south park, there are few subjects and/or premises not already explored by the simpsons due to its longevity.
unfortunately india could not do much not when they lost to pakistan and bangladesh in the 2003 saff cup and defeats in the 2006 world cup qualifiers meant stephen constantine was sacked.	india could not do much not when they lost to pakistan and bangladesh in the 2003 saff cup and defeats in the 2006 world cup qualifiers meant stephen constantine was sacked.
on review aggregator website rotten tomatoes it holds a rare 0% approval rating with an average score of 3.3/10 based on 10 reviews.	on review aggregator website rotten tomatoes it holds a 0% approval rating with an average score of 3.3/10 based on 10 reviews.
while the ebionites undoubtedly drew their doctrines from ideas circulating in the 1st century ad, dr. robert h. eisenman, professor of middle east religions and archaeology and director of the institute for the study of judeo-christian origins, argues that they existed as a distinct group from pauline christians and gnostic christians before the destruction of jerusalem.	while the ebionites undoubtedly drew their doctrines from ideas circulating in the 1st century ad, robert h. eisenman, professor of middle east religions and archaeology and director of the institute for the study of judeo-christian origins, argues that they existed as a distinct group from pauline christians and gnostic christians before the destruction of jerusalem.
"it should be noted, however, that adams has fervently denied moloney's claims, calling them ""libellous."""	"it should be noted, however, that adams has denied moloney's claims, calling them ""libellous."""
east timorese declaration of independence (1975) - east timor, formerly portuguese timor, declared independence from portugal on november 28. the declaration was recognized by several marxist-leninist and third world nations, including the people's republic of china, but not by neighboring australia, portugal or indonesia.	east timorese declaration of independence (1975) - east timor, formerly portuguese timor, declared independence from portugal on november 28. the declaration was recognized by several communist and third world nations, including the people's republic of china, but not by neighboring australia, portugal or indonesia.
in a plan to cut government spending, the conservatives planned to eliminate political party subsidies, in which a party would receive cad $ 1.95 for each vote they won.	in a plan to cut government spending, the conservatives planned to eliminate political party subsidies, in which a party would receive $1.95 for each vote they won.
"conservative supreme court justice antonin scalia in his dissent in the landmark case lawrence v. texas, wrote, ""the law-profession culture has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda""."	"supreme court justice antonin scalia in his dissent in the landmark case lawrence v. texas, wrote, ""the law-profession culture has largely signed on to the so-called homosexual agenda""."
there are many other nice lakes with different fascinating views.	there are many other nice lakes with different views.
the first protected cruiser was the groundbreaking chilean ship esmeralda.	the first protected cruiser was the chilean ship esmeralda.
just days before carson's death, it was revealed that the retired comedian still kept up with current events and late-night tv, and that he occasionally sent jokes to letterman.	just days before carson's death, it was revealed that the retired king of late night still kept up with current events and late-night tv, and that he occasionally sent jokes to letterman.
a band practice room.the venue is a former bonded whiskey warehouse in the heart of the cathedral quarter, belfasts booming cultural district.	a band practice room.the venue is a former bonded whiskey warehouse in the heart of the cathedral quarter, belfasts cultural district.
"warren henry manning (november 7, 1860–1938) was an influential american landscape designer and promoter of the informal and naturalistic ""wild garden"" approach to garden design."	"warren henry manning (november 7, 1860–1938) was an american landscape designer and promoter of the informal and naturalistic ""wild garden"" approach to garden design."
rogue economists and authors stephen j. dubner and steven d. levitt claim that the film stoked a widespread panic and blame the end of the nuclear power era on jane fonda.	economists and authors stephen j. dubner and steven d. levitt claim that the film stoked a widespread panic and blame the end of the nuclear power era on jane fonda.
it also recognizes that it is the institutionalized subordination and exploitation of women by men tat is the crux of patriarchy; this can take many forms.	it also recognizes that it is the institutionalized subordination and exploitation of women by men that is the crux of patriarchy; this can take many forms.
573 = 3 × 191, model number of unterseeboot 573, and it is also known as the infamous konami number.	573 = 3 × 191, model number of unterseeboot 573, and it is also known as the konami number .
the album debut at number four on the uk albums chart, with impressive sales of 100,000 copies in its first week.	the album debut at number four on the uk albums chart, with sales of 100,000 copies in its first week.
tatarkiewicz belonged to the interbellum lwwwarsaw school of logic, created by kazimierz twardowski, which gave reborn poland many outstanding scholars and scientists: philosophers, logicians, psychologists, sociologists, and organizers of academia.	tatarkiewicz belonged to the interbellum lwwwarsaw school of logic, created by kazimierz twardowski, which gave reborn poland many scholars and scientists: philosophers, logicians, psychologists, sociologists, and organizers of academia.
holiday in cambodia is a multi-layered satire which has both rich liberals and the khmer rouge as its targets (together with the us government who at the time of recording were tacitly supporting pol pot in his war against vietnam).	holiday in cambodia is a multi-layered satire which has both rich people and the khmer rouge as its targets (together with the us government who at the time of recording were tacitly supporting pol pot in his war against vietnam).
2012 also saw cwnn contribute the opening track to a remix album from the legendary german band s.y.p.h., which features ex-captain beefheart guitarist gary lucas and rambo amadeus, amongst others.	2012 also saw cwnn contribute the opening track to a remix album from the german band s.y.p.h., which features ex-captain beefheart guitarist gary lucas and rambo amadeus, amongst others.
monarch books were an american publishing firm in the late 1950's/early 1960's which specialised in pulp sleaze novels.	monarch books were an american publishing firm in the late 1950's/early 1960's which specialised in pulp novels.
parallels to this divine inspiration for laws can be seen in the laws created by moses for the ancient hebrews.	parallels to this divine inspiration for laws can be seen in the laws given by moses for the ancient hebrews.
"andrew ""andy"" murray (born 15 may 1987 in glasgow), is a scottish tennis player, who represents both great britain and scotland."	"andrew ""andy"" murray (born 15 may 1987 in glasgow), is a scotish-born british tennis player, who represents both great britain and scotland."
the ci espouses conservative christian views, including that the bible is inerrant and should be the authority on all of life.	the ci holds conservative christian views, including that the bible is inerrant and should be the authority on all of life.
allison beth krause (april 23, 1951 may 4, 1970) was an honor student at kent state university in kent, ohio, when she was murdered by the ohio army national guard in the kent state shootings, while protesting against the invasion of cambodia and the presence of the national guard on the kent state campus.	allison beth krause (april 23, 1951 may 4, 1970) was an honor student at kent state university in kent, ohio, when she was killed by the ohio army national guard in the kent state shootings, while protesting against the invasion of cambodia and the presence of the national guard on the kent state campus.
a surprising number of players have played for both clubs.	a number of players have played for both clubs.
in 2000 however, during the cinema's construction, the building design came under heavy criticism from the architecture community.	in 2000 however, during the cinema's construction, the building design came under criticism from the architecture community.
neighboring berlin also shares a similiarly distinct pronunciation from its foriegn namesake.	neighboring berlin also shares a similiarly distinct pronunciation from its european namesake.
elder's unit, commanded by joe bratty, killed numerous innocent catholics in this period, including michael gilbride and teresa clinton, the wife of a local sinn fin councillor in the lower ormeau district.	elder's unit, commanded by joe bratty, killed numerous catholics in this period, including michael gilbride and teresa clinton, the wife of a local sinn fin councillor in the lower ormeau district.
albania is bordered by greece to the south-east, montenegro to the north, serbia to the northeast, and the republic of macedonia to the east.	albania is bordered by greece to the south-east, montenegro to the north, the disputed territory of kosovo to the northeast, and the republic of macedonia to the east.
patricia ann hodge (born on 29 september 1946 in cleethorpes, lincolnshire) is an english actress .	patricia ann hodge (born on 29 september 1946 in cleethorpes, lincolnshire) is an english actor .
"march 4 minnie pearl, 83, legendary comedienne known for her trademark greeting, ""how-dee!"""	"march 4 minnie pearl, 83, legendary comedian known for her trademark greeting, ""how-dee!"""
it is a compilation of the first published stories of seventeen prominent authors in the genre, and features introductions to the stories provided (in most instances) by the authors of those stories.	it is a compilation of the first published stories of seventeen authors in the genre, and features introductions to the stories provided (in most instances) by the authors of those stories.
the congress recognized this limitation and proposed amendments to the articles in an effort to correct it.	the congress recognized this limitation and proposed amendments to the articles in an effort to supersede it.
july 9, 2006- hurricane cindy's extratropical remnants traveled over nantucket, massachusetts and maine on july 9. she finally exited maine on the 10th.	july 9, 2006- hurricane cindy's extratropical remnants traveled over nantucket, massachusetts and maine on july 9. the storm finally exited maine on the 10th.
salafis reject mainstream dogmatic theology (kalam).	salafis reject dogmatic theology (kalam).
to mormons it became, especially after the murder of their prophet, synonymous with anti-christ.	to mormons it became, especially after the death of their prophet, synonymous with anti-christ.
under its best form this type is exhibited by many irishmen, welshmen, and bretons, by spaniards, south italians, greeks, armenians, phoenicians , and high-caste brahmins...i am much disposed to think that the melanochroi are the result of an intermixture between the xanthochroi and the australoids.	under its best form this type is exhibited by many irishmen, welshmen, and bretons, by spaniards, south italians, greeks, armenians, arabs , and high-caste brahmins...i am much disposed to think that the melanochroi are the result of an intermixture between the xanthochroi and the australoids.
in 1969, his pregnant wife, sharon tate, was murdered by the infamous manson family.	in 1969, his pregnant wife, sharon tate, was murdered by the manson family.
unfortunately , kaiser permanente does not serve the area where it started (zip code 92239), even though it serves areas as close as indio.	today, however , kaiser permanente does not serve the area where it started (zip code 92239), even though it serves areas as close as indio.
the people in guangzhou and soldiers launched a patriotic resistance against invaders and forced them to retreat from humen.	the people in guangzhou and soldiers launched a resistance against invaders and forced them to retreat from humen.
on august 11 1999, clinton commuted the sentences of 16 members of faln, a violent puerto rican nationalist terrorist group that set off bombs several times in new york city and chicago, convicted for conspiracies to commit robbery, bomb-making, and sedition, as well as for firearms and explosives violations.	on august 11 1999, clinton commuted the sentences of 16 members of faln, a violent puerto rican nationalist group that set off bombs several times in new york city and chicago, convicted for conspiracies to commit robbery, bomb-making, and sedition, as well as for firearms and explosives violations.
"the premier of the state council , sometimes incorrectly referred to as the ""prime minister"", is the leader of the state council of the people's republic of china (the ""central people's government of the people's republic of china"" after 1954), who is the head of government."	"the premier of the state council , sometimes also referred to as the ""prime minister"", is the leader of the state council of the people's republic of china (the ""central people's government of the people's republic of china"" after 1954), who is the head of government."
"pibby is an acronym for ""place in blacks' back yard"", an instance of blatantly racist rhetoric."	"pibby is an acronym for ""place in blacks' back yard"", an instance of racist rhetoric."
despite ferrari's dominance (taking 15 wins from the 18 races), the battle back in the pack was much more interesting than 2002, as powerhouses mclaren and williams got off to horrendous starts with radical new cars.	despite ferrari's dominance (taking 15 wins from the 18 races), the battle back in the pack was much more open than 2002, as powerhouses mclaren and williams got off to horrendous starts with radical new cars.
yair farm) is an illegal israeli settlement outpost in the west bank .	yair farm) is an israeli settlement outpost in the west bank .
"both christian and greig were seen on their twitter accounts bragging about the prank just a day earlier, calling ""the easiest prank call ever made."""	"both christian and greig were seen on their twitter accounts boasting about the prank just a day earlier, calling ""the easiest prank call ever made."""
greg haupt went to lindbergh high school, in st. louis, missouri, graduating in 2000. greg's high school pop punk band, the o.f.r., got much local acclaim for its unexpected stage props and cleverly incorporated comedy sketches.	greg haupt went to lindbergh high school, in st. louis, missouri, graduating in 2000. greg's high school pop punk band, the o.f.r., got much local acclaim for its unexpected stage props and incorporated comedy sketches.
raj patel is an academic, journalist, activist and writer.	raj patel is a british academic, journalist, activist and writer.
resignation of ombudsman status	change of ombudsman status
the republic of namibia is a beautiful country in southwest africa, on the atlantic coast.	the republic of namibia is a country in southwest africa, on the atlantic coast.
fsv fsn clone for gnu/ linux and other unix-like operating systems.	fsv fsn clone for linux and other unix-like operating systems.
unlike apes , monkeys usually have tails.	unlike hominoids , monkeys usually have tails.
"however, the strip's immense popularity has led to the appearance of various ""bootleg"" items, including t-shirts, keychains, bumper stickers, and window decals, often including obscene language or references contradicting or parodying the whimsical spirit of watterson's work."	"however, the strip's immense popularity has led to the appearance of various ""bootleg"" items, including t-shirts, keychains, bumper stickers, and window decals, sometimes including obscene language or references contradicting or parodying the whimsical spirit of watterson's work."
on 3 february 2017, a u.s. defense official told fox news that the cole deployed to the gulf of aden following the 30 january attack on a saudi frigate off the coast of yemen by iranian-backed houthi rebels.	on 3 february 2017, a u.s. defense official told fox news that the cole deployed to the gulf of aden following the 30 january attack on a saudi frigate off the coast of yemen by houthi rebels.
west virginia broke away from virginia during the american civil war (1861-1865) illegaly and was admitted to the union as a separate state on june 20, 1863.	west virginia broke away from virginia during the american civil war (1861-1865) and was admitted to the union as a separate state on june 20, 1863.
the populist pvv is currently the largest party in the council.	the pvv is currently the largest party in the council.
stanley burnshaw (june 20, 1906 september 16, 2005) was an influential american poet, primarily known for his ontology, the seamless web (1970).	stanley burnshaw (june 20, 1906 september 16, 2005) was an american poet, primarily known for his ontology, the seamless web (1970).
the wonder twins have been comically parodied on animated comedy shows such as family guy, scrubs, that '70s show, the fairly oddparents, and harvey birdman, attorney at law.	the wonder twins have been parodied on animated comedy shows such as family guy, scrubs, that '70s show, the fairly oddparents, and harvey birdman, attorney at law.
gold digging is a type of transactional relationship in which women engage in romantic relationships for money rather than love.	gold digging is a type of transactional relationship in which people engage in romantic relationships for money rather than love.
judge tang served on the united states ninth circuit court of appeals from 1977 until his passing in 1995. judge tang's wife, dr. pearl tang, continues the legacy and participates every year.	judge tang served on the united states ninth circuit court of appeals from 1977 until his death in 1995. judge tang's wife, dr. pearl tang, continues the legacy and participates every year.
the group is known for its extremely catchy melodies, as well as for satirical, and sometimes profanity-laden, toilet humor.	the group is known for its catchy melodies, as well as for satirical, and sometimes profanity-laden, toilet humor.
donald henry rumsfeld (born july 9, 1932) is an american statesman and businessman who served as the 13th secretary of defense under president gerald ford from 1975 to 1977 and as the 21st secretary of defense under president george w. bush from 2001 to 2006. combined, he was the second longest serving defense secretary behind robert mcnamara.	donald henry rumsfeld (born july 9, 1932) is an american politician and businessman who served as the 13th secretary of defense under president gerald ford from 1975 to 1977 and as the 21st secretary of defense under president george w. bush from 2001 to 2006. combined, he was the second longest serving defense secretary behind robert mcnamara.
it is based in the united kingdom and consists of a tiny remnant of the workers revolutionary party.	it is based in the united kingdom and consists of a remnant of the workers revolutionary party.
even later, the obsolete pike would still find a use, but only in the hands of desperate peasant rebels.	even later, the obsolete pike would still find a use, but only in the hands of desperate civilian rebels.
11, the treasure stupa - a great jeweled stupa rises from the earth and floats in the air; a voice is heard from within praising the lotus sutra .	11, the treasure stupa - a great jeweled stupa rises from the earth and floats in the air; a voice is heard from within praising the lotus stra .
this course is located about midway on the scientology bridge, and like all other ot courses is not revealed to students until the have completed all previous steps along the bridge.	this course is located about midway on the scientology bridge, and like all ot courses is not revealed to students until the have completed all previous steps along the bridge.
simon dubnow in his 1916 history of the jews in russia and poland reproduces the claims of the discredited hanover chronicle:	simon dubnow in his 1916 history of the jews in russia and poland reproduces the claims of the outdated hanover chronicle:
her insistence on telling her story in public had the effect of challenging both the gadaffi regime and the taboo that surrounds discussion of sex crimes in that country.	her insistence on telling her story in public had the effect of challenging both the gadaffi government and the taboo that surrounds discussion of sex crimes in that country.
on the basis of numerous studies carried out over the past few decades, genotypic iq is known to be declining at a rate between 0.57 and 1.6 points per generation throughout the united states (and possibly faster throughout the african-american subpopulation).	on the basis of numerous studies carried out over the past few decades, genotypic iq is estimated to be declining at a rate between 0.57 and 1.6 points per generation throughout the united states (and possibly faster throughout the african-american subpopulation).
"despite giving free licenses to hundreds of non-profit organizations, schools and governments, unisys was completely unable to generate any good publicity and continued to be vilified by individuals and organizations such as the league for programming freedom who started the ""burn all gifs"" campaign."	"despite giving free licenses to hundreds of non-profit organizations, schools and governments, unisys was completely unable to generate any good publicity and continued to be condemned by individuals and organizations such as the league for programming freedom who started the ""burn all gifs"" campaign."
historic backgrounds vary; so does allocation: in particular, cities like hamburg and berlin have substantial grown black communities, with a high percentage of ethnically mixed families; modern traffic and trade is further enriching the communities in additional areas like frankfurt or cologne.	historic backgrounds vary; so does allocation: in particular, cities like hamburg and berlin have substantial grown black communities, with a high percentage of ethnically mixed families; modern traffic and trade is further changing the communities in additional areas like frankfurt or cologne.
werner smolnik, environmental movement worker, stated on april 26, 2005 that in the last four days, at least 1,000 toads have died in this shocking manner.	werner smolnik, environmental movement worker, stated on april 26, 2005 that in the last four days, at least 1,000 toads have died in this manner.
(, meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist terrorist group and political party, with a military arm and a civilian arm, founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation forces who occupied southern lebanon until the year 2000 and are still occupying the disputed shebaa farms area in south lebanon.	(, meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist guerilla group and political party, with a military arm and a civilian arm, founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation forces who occupied southern lebanon until the year 2000 and are still occupying the disputed shebaa farms area in south lebanon.
kristen go, 1998 - awarded in 1998 for her coverage of the columbine high school tragedy	kristen go, 1998 - awarded in 1998 for her coverage of the columbine high school shootings
we also learn that this super myrddraal is able to smell the difference between saidar and saidin.	we also learn that this myrddraal is able to smell the difference between saidar and saidin.
they so nearly won an historic treble too, but unfortunately lost the somerset county cup final to national league team keysham town.	they so nearly won an historic treble too, but lost the somerset county cup final to national league team keysham town.
in 26 january 2017, the philippine air force used the fa-50ph in combat for the first time when two aircraft conducted a nightime surgical strike on terrorist hideouts in butig, lanao del sur province in mindanao.	in 26 january 2017, the philippine air force used the fa-50ph in combat for the first time when two aircraft conducted a nightime strike on terrorist hideouts in butig, lanao del sur province in mindanao.
"in this particular ad campaign, he correctly labeled vegetarians as being ""un-australian"", provoking outrage from groups such as animal activists."	"in this particular ad campaign, he labeled vegetarians as being ""un-australian"", provoking outrage from groups such as animal activists."
2011 band hazing incident	2011 band hazing death
the browser wars encouraged two specific kinds of bad behavior among their combatants.	the browser wars encouraged two specific kinds of behavior among their combatants.
agee was an unorthodox executive for the 1970s, often dressing in business casual attire many years before it was in vogue.	agee was an unorthodox executive for the 1970s, often dressing in business casual attire years before it was in vogue.
leonard peltier was convicted and is currently wrongly incarcerated, serving two consecutive life sentences, for the murders of fbi special agents, ronald a. williams, and jack r. coler, who were killed in a 1975 shoot-out on the pine ridge indian reservation.	leonard peltier was convicted and is currently incarcerated, serving two consecutive life sentences, for the murders of fbi special agents, ronald a. williams, and jack r. coler, who were killed in a 1975 shoot-out on the pine ridge indian reservation.
cabo is known for its beaches, scuba diving locations, balnearios, the distinctive sea arch el arco de cabo san lucas, and marine life.	cabo is known for its beaches, scuba diving locations, balnearios, the sea arch el arco de cabo san lucas, and marine life.
in 2014, foulkes joined the cast of the cbs hit remake tv series hawaii five-0 in the recurring role of ellie clayton, a lawyer, who is connected to lieutenant commander steve mcgarrett	in 2014, foulkes joined the cast of the cbs remake tv series hawaii five-0 in the recurring role of ellie clayton, a lawyer, who is connected to lieutenant commander steve mcgarrett
topaz also temporarily destroyed the villain known as mephisto, but unfortunately the demon lord's minions managed to trap her in another dimension with a spell that would remove another portion of her soul and rob her of her empathic powers if she ever left that realm.	topaz also temporarily destroyed the villain known as mephisto, but the demon lord's minions managed to trap her in another dimension with a spell that would remove another portion of her soul and rob her of her empathic powers if she ever left that realm.
in the summer of 1995, the governmental forces liberated it.	in the summer of 1995, the governmental forces took control over it.
"the hastert rule, also known as the ""majority of the majority"" rule, is an informal governing principle used by republican speakers of the house of representatives since the mid-1990s to maintain their speakerships and limit the power of the minority party to bring bills up for a vote on the floor of the house."	"the hastert rule, also known as the ""majority of the majority"" rule, is an informal governing principle used by speakers of the house of representatives since the mid-1990s to maintain their speakerships and limit the power of the minority party to bring bills up for a vote on the floor of the house."
"the phrase is sometimes mistakenly used to simply mean ""poses the question"" ."	"the phrase is sometimes used to simply mean ""poses the question"" ."
skopje is the capital and largest city of the republic of north macedonia.	skopje is the capital and largest city of the republic of macedonia.
he is also a talented painter.	he is also a painter.
on 22 november 2011, coogan, along with hugh grant, gave evidence to the leveson inquiry on phone hacking, favouring regulation of the free press.	on 22 november 2011, coogan, along with hugh grant, gave evidence to the leveson inquiry on phone hacking, favouring regulation of the press.
if approved, the proposal would result in average tax hike of $545 per household in 2016, according to estimate by the associated press.	if approved, the proposal would result in average tax increase of $545 per household in 2016, according to estimate by the associated press.
a financial aid program attempts to ensure that the boys remain moderately heterogeneous; as with many of its peer nyc schools, however, many of the boys have parents who can easily afford the high tuition.	a financial aid program attempts to ensure that the boys remain moderately heterogeneous; as with many of its peer nyc schools, however, many of the boys have parents who can afford the high tuition.
there are many wonderful songs included in the film.	there are many popular songs included in the film.
the best equipped and german-trained nationalist troops fought heroically to death against the japanese.	the best equipped and german-trained nationalist troops fought to death against the japanese.
"the website featured manipulated images of the puppet consorting with nefarious figures including adolf hitler , osama bin laden, and jerry springer, and present at tragedies such as the jfk assassination, humorously offered as ""proof"" that bert was no mere innocent children's television character."	"the website featured manipulated images of the puppet consorting with nefarious figures including adolf hitler , osama bin laden, and jerry springer, and present at events such as the jfk assassination, humorously offered as ""proof"" that bert was no mere innocent children's television character."
in its short history, the event has already featured interesting performances by george strait, kenny chesney, the eagles, sugarland, taylor swift, kid rock and others.	in its short history, the event has already featured performances by george strait, kenny chesney, the eagles, sugarland, taylor swift, kid rock and others.
the orange order, along with irish unionists and the british conservative party, were inflexible in opposing the bill.	the orange order, along with irish unionists and the british conservative party, were firm in opposing the bill.
this stands in opposition to mainstream biological science, which relies on experiment and collection of uncontested data to explain the natural world exclusively through observed impersonal physical processes such as mutations and natural selection.	this stands in contrast to mainstream biological science, which relies on experiment and collection of uncontested data to explain the natural world exclusively through observed impersonal physical processes such as mutations and natural selection.
the san francisco chronicle described the ad, together with bush's attacks on trump, as pivotal in transforming instagram from a personal photo-sharing app that some celebrities and politicians used to enhance their images, into a propaganda tool.	the san francisco chronicle described the ad, together with bush's attacks on trump, as pivotal in transforming instagram from a personal photo-sharing app that some celebrities and politicians used to enhance their images, into a campaign tool.
bookchin believed that apart from natural catastrophes, it is economic, ethnic, cultural, and gender conflicts that have produced the most serious ecological dislocations we face today.	bookchin believed that apart from natural catastrophes, it is economic, ethnic, cultural, and gender conflicts that have produced the most serious ecological dislocations faced by human civilization face today.
although largely ignored by post-independence historians of india, the contributions of the azad hind movement are now considered significant by some historians.	although largely ignored by post-independence historians of india, the contributions of the azad hind movement are now considered significant by historians.
after renouncing his american citizenship, a renunciation which was in turn revoked by the united states department of state, and over 10 years of litigation claiming he was a citizen of puerto rico, the state department of puerto rico granted him the certification, rendering mari blas the first one to hold it.	after renouncing his american citizenship, a renunciation which was in turn revoked by the united states department of state, and over 10 years of litigation stating he was a citizen of puerto rico, the state department of puerto rico granted him the certification, rendering mari blas the first one to hold it.
another argument against drilling by the opponents is based on the ever-present danger of oil spills.	another argument against drilling by the opponents is based on the danger of oil spills.
unfortunately sega's share of the market would plummet in 1994 to 35% after nintendo released key franchise titles for the super nintendo entertainment system such as super mario world and the legend of zelda: a link to the past.	however, sega's share of the market would plummet in 1994 to 35% after nintendo released key franchise titles for the super nintendo entertainment system such as super mario world and the legend of zelda: a link to the past.
sata specifies a different power connector than the decades-old four-pin molex connector used on parallel ata (pata) devices.	sata specifies a different power connector than the four-pin molex connector used on parallel ata (pata) devices.
although expensive, televue eyepieces are treasured by serious amateur astronomers, especially those who own large aperture schmidt-cassegrain and dobsonian telescopes, and are used by many professional astronomers at college and university observatories.	although expensive, televue eyepieces are treasured by many amateur astronomers, especially those who own large aperture schmidt-cassegrain and dobsonian telescopes, and are used by many professional astronomers at college and university observatories.
but the fine tradition of the twelfth man embraces more than mere athletic events.	but the tradition of the twelfth man embraces more than mere athletic events.
kielder water is a large man-made reservoir in northumberland in north east england.	kielder water is a large artificial reservoir in northumberland in north east england.
those that have been caught by vac also criticise it, usually with the claim that it has made a false positive.	those that have been detected by vac also criticise it, usually with the claim that it has made a false positive.
he was also the cousin of distinguished actor william marshall who played the lead role in the classic 1972 blaxploitation horror film blacula.	he was also the cousin of actor william marshall who played the lead role in the classic 1972 blaxploitation horror film blacula.
toward the end of the question and answer period, university police forcibly removed questioner andrew meyer, a 21-year-old fourth-year undergraduate telecommunications student, from the forum, restraining him through direct force and drive stunning him with a taser.	toward the end of the question and answer period, university police forcibly removed andrew meyer, a 21-year-old fourth-year undergraduate telecommunications student, from the forum, restraining him through direct force and drive stunning him with a taser.
michael w. ford, lhp musician and writer of liber hvhi and luciferian witchcraft	michael w. ford, lhp follower and writer of liber hvhi and luciferian witchcraft
the film is considered part of the mumblecore movement because of its innovative shooting style, emphasis on dialog, and focus on generation y relationships.	the film is considered part of the mumblecore movement because of its shooting style, emphasis on dialog, and focus on generation y relationships.
a large number of latin american states, including peru, brazil, chile and mexico have also declared their support for argentina's position and voiced that support within international organisations.	a number of latin american states, including peru, brazil, chile and mexico have also declared their support for argentina's position and voiced that support within international organisations.
"then came a successful 1962 remake of rodgers and hammerstein's musical state fair playing the ""bad girl"" role of emily opposite pat boone."	"then came a 1962 remake of rodgers and hammerstein's musical state fair playing the ""bad girl"" role of emily opposite pat boone."
nsa is a key component of the united states intelligence community nominally headed by the director of national intelligence.	nsa is a key component of the united states intelligence community headed by the director of national intelligence.
the song and associated music video by popular israeli artist gad elbaz by the rivers of babylon is themed on the destruction of second temple.	the song and associated music video by haredi israeli artist gad elbaz by the rivers of babylon is themed on the destruction of second temple.
"the tourist center also includes the nearby settlement known as ""tofinho"" (""little tofo"") a 10 minute drive out of town with great views."	"the tourist center also includes the nearby settlement known as ""tofinho"" (""little tofo"") a 10 minute drive out of town with scenic views."
he has proposed a theory for the origin of the universe which allegedly resolves the distant starlight problem that exists in young earth creationism.	he has proposed a theory for the origin of the universe which is supposed to resolves the distant starlight problem that exists in young earth creationism.
in this climate, the operas of the french-born composer hector berlioz struggled to gain popularity .	in this climate, the operas of the french-born composer hector berlioz struggled to gain a hearing .
"the final line of this original and some later forms ends with the clever word play that goebbels had ""no balls""."	"the final line of this original and some later forms ends with the word play that goebbels had ""no balls""."
forming halfnelson in 1968, with renowned rock critic john mendelssohn on drums, they soon came to the attention of producer todd rundgren, at whose urging albert grossman signed the band to his bearsville record label.	forming halfnelson in 1968, with rock critic john mendelssohn on drums, they soon came to the attention of producer todd rundgren, at whose urging albert grossman signed the band to his bearsville record label.
in china, cd single releases have been traditionally less common, and most of the time album cuts chart based only on airplay, but the charts also occasionally include digital download counts because of the amount of pirating and illegal file sharing over the internet.	in china, cd single releases have been traditionally less common, and most of the time album cuts chart based only on airplay, but the charts also occasionally include digital download counts because of the amount of infringement and illegal file sharing over the internet.
in the video, lowery spars with comedienne sandra bernhard in a boxing ring and gets knocked out.	in the video, lowery spars with comedian sandra bernhard in a boxing ring and gets knocked out.
he later became better known for his continuing advocacy on behalf of the farther of left -wing political causes, and his role as defense attorney in the trials of controversial figures.	he later became better known for his continuing advocacy on behalf of the farther of left leaning political causes, and his role as defense attorney in the trials of controversial figures.
konstantinos a. plevris , in english usually constantine plevris or kostas plevris, is a greek attorney of law of the greek supreme court and patriotic author.	konstantinos a. plevris , in english usually constantine plevris or kostas plevris, is a greek attorney of law of the greek supreme court and far-right author.
he has a glorious daughter kathryn holden (katie) who is a professinal ballet dancer and model.	he has a daughter kathryn holden (katie) who is a professinal ballet dancer and model.
due to yugoslavia's neutrality and its leading role in the non-aligned movement, yugoslav companies exported to both western and eastern markets.	due to yugoslavia's non-alignment, and its leading role in the non-aligned movement, yugoslav companies exported to both western and eastern markets.
their dialects are linguistically classified variously as forms of either slavo- macedonian or bulgarian.	their dialects are linguistically classified variously as forms of either macedonian or bulgarian.
fraser and other cast members were asked if they wanted to delay the opening of the show due to the 9/11 tragedy , but the cast and producers decided it would be best to open as scheduled.	fraser and other cast members were asked if they wanted to delay the opening of the show due to the 9/11 attacks , but the cast and producers decided it would be best to open as scheduled.
the height of the tower is largely a matter of speculation, but since the tower symbolically can be considered a precursor to man 's desire to build tall structures throughout history, its height is a significant aspect of it.	the height of the tower is largely a matter of speculation, but since the tower symbolically can be considered a precursor to humankind 's desire to build tall structures throughout history, its height is a significant aspect of it.
in popular usage and in many technical documents and verbal discussions it is often incorrectly used as a synonym for uri.	in popular usage and in many technical documents and verbal discussions it is often used as a synonym for uri.
i've been a sysop since 6 february 2004, having been reaffirmed 8 january 2006. i'm an unboxed leftist and ecofeminist.	i've been a sysop since 6 february 2004, having been reaffirmed 8 january 2006. i'm an unboxed anarchist and ecofeminist.
it was designed in the spirit of the solid-body hawaiian guitars manufactured by rickenbacker -- small, simple units made of bakelite and aluminum with the parts bolted together -- but with honest wooden construction.	it was designed in the spirit of the solid-body hawaiian guitars manufactured by rickenbacker -- small, simple units made of bakelite and aluminum with the parts bolted together -- but with wooden construction.
"johannes hevelius created the constellation in 1687 and initially christened it ""stellio"" (the stellion), a newt with star-like dorsal spots found along the mediterranean coast."	"johannes hevelius created the constellation in 1687 and initially named it ""stellio"" (the stellion), a newt with star-like dorsal spots found along the mediterranean coast."
on the morning of 18 november 2014, two arab men from jerusalem entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the praying congregants with axes, knives, and a gun.	on the morning of 18 november 2014, two palestinian men from jerusalem entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the praying congregants with axes, knives, and a gun.
died: moms mabley (loretta aiken), 81, african-american comedienne	died: moms mabley (loretta aiken), 81, african-american comedian
situated on former duda ranch and scrub forest land, viera is a prestigious master planned community in brevard county, florida, located in the space coast region.	situated on former duda ranch and scrub forest land, viera is a master planned community in brevard county, florida, located in the space coast region.
believing the british reports, langsdorff discussed his options with commanders in berlin, which were to either break out and seek refuge in buenos aires, where the pro-nazi argentine government would intern the ship, or to scuttle the ship in the plate estuary.	believing the british reports, langsdorff discussed his options with commanders in berlin, which were to either break out and seek refuge in buenos aires, where the argentine government would intern the ship, or to scuttle the ship in the plate estuary.
there are multiple ways to get to any point in the web, so if any of those ways is blocked for any reason, there is always another way to get there, allowing the information to reach its destination safely .	there are multiple ways to get to any point in the web, so if any of those ways is blocked for any reason, there is always another way to get there, allowing the information to reach its destination.
with the game tied at 5 and the pennant on the line, rivera shut out bostons superb lineup for three innings, the first time he had pitched that many innings in a game since 1995. though aaron boones homer ended the game, it was mariano whom the yankees lifted onto their shoulders, and was named the alcs mvp.	with the game tied at 5 and the pennant on the line, rivera shut out bostons lineup for three innings, the first time he had pitched that many innings in a game since 1995. though aaron boones homer ended the game, it was mariano whom the yankees lifted onto their shoulders, and was named the alcs mvp.
he is the brother of comedienne cathy jones and filmmaker michael jones.	he is the brother of comedian cathy jones and filmmaker michael jones.
similarly, the christian warriors of the crusades pursued political aims by means of genocidal assaults on muslim civilian populations.	similarly, the christian warriors of the crusades pursued political aims by means of assaults on muslim civilian populations.
many lesser-known political syncretisms also exist; good examples include the people's mujahedin of iran, which combines marxism and islamism, and the national bolshevik party of russia, formed from the unlikely union of leninist and fascist aesthetics.	many lesser-known political syncretisms also exist; good examples include the people's mujahedin of iran, which combines marxism and islamism, and the national bolshevik party of russia, formed from the union of leninist and fascist aesthetics.
the experiment is one of the most famous psychological experiments of all time, and is covered in most introductory social psychology textbooks, although some are beginning to deliberately exclude it because its veracity is questioned.	the experiment is one of the most famous psychological experiments of all time, and is covered in most introductory social psychology textbooks, although some are beginning to deliberately exclude it because its methodology is questioned.
ironically , any south korean who is willing to travel to the tourist area in the north has to carry his/her passport.	however, for security reasons , any south korean who is willing to travel to the tourist area in the north has to carry his/her passport.
victor teicher debacle	victor teicher
on november 1, 2006, many democrats started to distance themselves from john kerry.	on november 1, 2006, some democrats started to distance themselves from john kerry.
lderitz has a mild desert climate (bwn, according to the kppen climate classification), with pleasant temperatures throughout the year.	lderitz has a mild desert climate (bwn, according to the kppen climate classification), with moderate temperatures throughout the year.
besides the many small and midsize businesses, the three great international firms levi strauss & co., kenwood electronics and konica minolta business solutions have their german representation here.	besides the many small and midsize businesses, the three international firms levi strauss & co., kenwood electronics and konica minolta business solutions have their german representation here.
the news reports are contrary to some versions of the amaro telegram legend , which state that the minister's telegram was found in carranza's jacket pocket.	the news reports are contrary to some versions of the amaro telegram story , which state that the minister's telegram was found in carranza's jacket pocket.
in the french national tradition, which expropriated the franks as the founders of the french nation, clovis, the first christian frankish king, has generally been seen as the first king of france.	in the french national tradition, which regards the franks as the founders of the french nation, clovis, the first christian frankish king, has generally been seen as the first king of france.
after world war ii, the college gained admission to the big ten conference, joining archrival the university of michigan, and grew to become one of the largest educational institutions in the united states.	after world war ii, the college gained admission to the big ten conference, joining rival the university of michigan, and grew to become one of the largest educational institutions in the united states.
aleksandr isayevich solzhenitsyn (; 11 december 1918  3 august 2008) was a russian novelist, historian, anti-semite and short story writer.	aleksandr isayevich solzhenitsyn (; 11 december 1918  3 august 2008) was a russian novelist, historian, and short story writer.
1malaysia is an on-going propaganda campaign announced by prime minister najib razak on september 16, 2008, calling for the cabinet, government agencies, and civil servants to more strongly emphasize ethnic harmony, national unity, and efficient governance.	1malaysia is an on-going campaign announced by prime minister najib razak on september 16, 2008, calling for the cabinet, government agencies, and civil servants to more strongly emphasize ethnic harmony, national unity, and efficient governance.
a copy of the famous inverted jenny appears in one of the film's funnier gags	a copy of the famous inverted jenny appears in one of the film's gags
it has been suggested in a recent british medical journal study that high consumption of fructose is even linked to gout.	it has been suggested in a recent british medical journal study that high consumption of fructose is linked to gout.
louis zabkar argued that the ba is not part of the person but is the person themself , unlike the soul in greek, or late judaic, christian or muslim thought.	louis zabkar argued that the ba is not part of the person but is the person himself , unlike the soul in greek, or late judaic, christian or muslim thought.
"si demain... (turn around), a french language version of ""total eclipse of the heart"", was released in december 2003 and incredibly went to no."	"si demain... (turn around), a french language version of ""total eclipse of the heart"", was released in december 2003 and went to no."
nervous troops responded to the throng with gunfire, killing several hundred people and initiating the revolution of 1905. this event, which came to be called bloody sunday, combined with the embarrassing failures in the war with japan to prompt more strikes, agrarian disorders, army mutinies, and terrorist acts organized by opposition groups.	cossack troops responded to the throng with gunfire, killing several hundred people and initiating the revolution of 1905. this event, which came to be called bloody sunday, combined with the embarrassing failures in the war with japan to prompt more strikes, agrarian disorders, army mutinies, and terrorist acts organized by opposition groups.
graham norton, who just a month before had cruelly campaigned against jade, now backed her to win the show	graham norton, who just a month before had campaigned against jade, now backed her to win the show
however, many muslims who take a stricter view of the traditions, will sometimes challenge any depiction of muhammad, even if created and published by non-muslims.	however, many muslims who take a stricter view of the traditions, will sometimes challenge any depiction of muhammad, even those created and published by non-muslims.
macquarie universitys impressive medal haul of 13 gold, six silver and two bronze and is one of the most dominant performances by any university at the annual competition.	macquarie universitys medal haul of 13 gold, six silver and two bronze and is one of the most dominant performances by any university at the annual competition.
the lodge itself has many fascinating custom features.	the lodge itself has many custom features.
the defence appealed watsons conviction, and the case went to the court of appeal in april and may 2000. three appeal court judges heard submissions from both the prosecution and the defence, but decided there was insufficient new evidence to recommend a second trial.	the defence appealed watsons conviction, and the case went to the court of appeal in april and may 2000. three appeal court judges heard submissions from both the prosecution and the defence, but decided there was no new evidence to recommend a second trial.
de rossi was named to the italian national team in 2006. during a group play match against the united states, de rossi received a straight red card after he viciously elbowed brian mcbride in the face.	de rossi was named to the italian national team in 2006. during a group play match against the united states, de rossi received a straight red card after he elbowed brian mcbride in the face.
a role-playing game (rpg; often misspelled roleplaying game) is a type of game in which the participants assume the roles of fictional characters and collaboratively create or follow stories.	a role-playing game (rpg; often roleplaying game) is a type of game in which the participants assume the roles of fictional characters and collaboratively create or follow stories.
following the 1997 election, the new opposition leader, preston manning, declined to move in for a different reason: he implausibly protested that it was too extravagant and a waste of taxpayer money, even joking that it should be used as a bingo hall to pay off the national debt.	following the 1997 election, the new opposition leader, preston manning, declined to move in for a different reason: he protested that it was too extravagant and a waste of taxpayer money, even joking that it should be used as a bingo hall to pay off the national debt.
a 2001 time article suggested that edward used hot reading on crossing over.	a 2001 time article claimed that edward used hot reading on crossing over.
bacharach is more than a mere songwriter, having himself arranged, conducted, and co-produced much of his recorded output.	bacharach is more than a songwriter, having himself arranged, conducted, and co-produced much of his recorded output.
presenting a us-only centralnotice in support of net neutrality	a us-only centralnotice in support of net neutrality
jem and the holograms is a 2015 american musical fantasy drama film based vaguely on the toy line and 1980s animated television series of the same name.	jem and the holograms is a 2015 american musical fantasy drama film based on the toy line and 1980s animated television series of the same name.
szasz was honored with over fifty prestigious awards including:	szasz was honored with over fifty awards including:
"opening the 2008 9th world congress of metropolis in sydney, blanchett was blazingly insightful: ""the one thing that all great cities have in common is that they are all different."""	"opening the 2008 9th world congress of metropolis in sydney, blanchett was insightful: ""the one thing that all great cities have in common is that they are all different."""
popular ladies' magazines such as femina and kartini regularly run features about newly discovered lookalike sons and daughters throughout the archipelago, who often miraculously disappear when pressed to take a dna test by the official sukarno children.	popular ladies' magazines such as femina and kartini regularly run features about newly discovered lookalike sons and daughters throughout the archipelago, who often disappear when pressed to take a dna test by the official sukarno children.
until 1789, she held a brilliant salon there, the main focus of paris' then anglomania.	until 1789, she held a salon there, the main focus of paris' then anglomania.
he founded the ahmadiyya community within islam in 1889 envisioning it be be the rejuvenation of islam.	he founded the ahmadiyya movement within islam in 1889 envisioning it be be the rejuvenation of islam.
adam eckersley is a multi-award-winning singer, guitarist and songwriter from grafton, australia.	adam eckersley is a singer, guitarist and songwriter from grafton, australia.
theorists such as callinicos (1991) and calhoun (1995) offer a conservative position on the nature of contemporary society, understating the significance and extent of socio-economic changes and emphasising a continuity with the past.	theorists such as callinicos (1991) and calhoun (1995) offer a conservative position on the nature of contemporary society, downplaying the significance and extent of socio-economic changes and emphasising a continuity with the past.
"likewise, the esplanade building in singapore is often lovingly called ""the durian"" by locals, which it resembles in shape and texture."	"likewise, the esplanade building in singapore is often called ""the durian"" by locals, which it resembles in shape and texture."
note that unrestricted submarine warfare was initiated in february 1917 and the british began full-scale convoying in september 1917. the heaviest losses were suffered in april 1917 when a record 881,027 tons were sunk by the u-boats.	note that unrestricted submarine warfare was resumed in february 1917 and the british began full-scale convoying in september 1917. the heaviest losses were suffered in april 1917 when a record 881,027 tons were sunk by the u-boats.
in a referendum on 23 june 2016, a slight majority of british voters supported leaving the eu.	in a referendum on 23 june 2016, a majority of british voters supported leaving the eu.
group of serbs burns the united states embassy in belgrade on february 21, 2008, in an associated press photo	group of serbian hooligans burns the united states embassy in belgrade on february 21, 2008, in an associated press photo
the parliamentary victors of the first english civil war failed to negotiate a constitutional settlement with the defeated king charles i. members of parliament and the grandees in the new model army, when faced with charles's perceived duplicity, reluctantly tried and executed him.	the parliamentary victors of the first english civil war failed to negotiate a constitutional settlement with the defeated king charles i. members of parliament and the grandees in the new model army, when faced with charles's perceived duplicity, tried and executed him.
georgia (; , sakartvelo) is a transcontinental country partially in eastern europe and partially in southwest asia in the caucasus region.	georgia (; , sakartvelo) is a transcontinental country in eastern europe and partially in southwest asia in the caucasus region.
view of san francisco-oakland bay bridge from beautiful pacific bell park (now at&t park) in san francisco (2002)	view of san francisco-oakland bay bridge from pacific bell park (now at&t park) in san francisco (2002)
men started to bring reputable women into speakeasy establishments where men had previously gone alone or with less desirable females.	men started to bring reputable women into speakeasy establishments where men had previously gone alone or with less socially acceptable females.
intimacy: album iii is the anticipated third studio album from r&b artist kem.	intimacy: album iii is the third studio album from r&b artist kem.
incorporated as a city in 1894, it gained national attention on august 9, 2014, when an unarmed young african-american man, michael brown, was fatally shot by darren wilson, a white ferguson police officer, sparking over two weeks of protest and civil unrest.	incorporated as a city in 1894, it gained national attention on august 9, 2014, when an young african-american man, michael brown, was fatally shot by darren wilson, a white ferguson police officer, sparking over two weeks of protest and civil unrest.
some scholars believe that term to be deliberately misleading, however.	scholars believe that term to be deliberately misleading, however.
daniela petov (born october 14, 1970) is a czech supermodel .	daniela petov (born october 14, 1970) is a czech model .
it is bordered by syria to the north and east, and palestine to the south.	it is bordered by syria to the north and east, and israel to the south.
the managing director of the plant thomas niedermayer, was kidnapped and later murdered by the provisional ira in december 1973. the factory was closed with the loss of around 1000 jobs in 1980.	the managing director of the plant thomas niedermayer, was kidnapped and later killed by the provisional ira in december 1973. the factory was closed with the loss of around 1000 jobs in 1980.
the film is known for its rich , eclectic dialogue, ironic mix of humor and violence, nonlinear storyline, and host of cinematic allusions and pop culture references.	the film is known for its inqusitive , eclectic dialogue, ironic mix of humor and violence, nonlinear storyline, and host of cinematic allusions and pop culture references.
wang, chien-ming (chinese: ; born march 31, 1980 in tainan, taiwan) is a taiwanese starting pitcher for the new york yankees in major league baseball.	wang, chien-ming (chinese: ; born march 31, 1980 in tainan, taiwan) is a starting pitcher for the new york yankees in major league baseball.
language unification would also have the benefit of linking the galician language to another major language with its own extensive cultural production, which could weaken the links that bind galicia and spain and could ultimately favor the people's aspiration toward an independent state.	language unification would also have the benefit of linking the galician language to another major language with its own extensive cultural production, which could weaken the links that bind galicia and spain and ultimately favor the people's aspiration toward an independent state.
champlain issues bachelor's degrees in over 30 diverse fields of study, ranging from computer & digital forensics to radiography.	champlain issues bachelor's degrees in over 30 fields of study, ranging from computer & digital forensics to radiography.
founded by the harvey jackins and his followers, originally as a revision of dianetics, in the 1950s and early 60s, it is headquartered in seattle, wash. usa.	founded by us trade union activist harvey jackins and his followers, originally as a revision of dianetics, in the 1950s and early 60s, it is headquartered in seattle, wash. usa.
... that skuon town in cambodia's cheung prey district is famous for tasty fried spiders (pictured) with garlic and salt?	... that skuon town in cambodia's cheung prey district is famous for fried spiders (pictured) with garlic and salt?
it takes its name from gaza, its main city, and has about 1.05 million residents, mostly palestinians, in an area of just 360 km.	it takes its name from gaza, its main city, and has about 1.05 million residents, mostly palestinians, in an area of 360 km.
eric robert rudolph (born september 19, 1966), also known as the olympic park bomber, is a terrorist responsible for a series of bombings across the southern united states between 1996 and 1998, which killed two people and injured at least 150 others in the name of an anti-abortion and anti-gay agenda.	eric robert rudolph (born september 19, 1966), also known as the olympic park bomber, is a criminal responsible for a series of bombings across the southern united states between 1996 and 1998, which killed two people and injured at least 150 others in the name of an anti-abortion and anti-gay agenda.
alexander baunov, writing for carnegie.ru, mentioned that the staged assassination of babchenko was the first instance of fake news developed on the state level.	alexander baunov, writing for carnegie.ru, stated that the staged assassination of babchenko was the first instance of fake news developed on the state level.
tina hirsch (born 1943) also known as bettina kugel hirsch, bettina hirsch and bettina kugel is an emmy-nominated american film editor and an adjunct professor of editing at the university of southern california (usc).	tina hirsch (born 1943) also known as bettina kugel hirsch, bettina hirsch and bettina kugel is an american film editor and an adjunct professor of editing at the university of southern california (usc).
however, the windows extend to above head height, so it is not possible to admire a view unobstructed by glass.	however, the windows extend to above head height, so it is not possible to get a view unobstructed by glass.
july – hyperinflation in germany means that 563 marks are now needed to buy a single american dollar - almost double the 263 needed eight months ago and dwarfing the mere 12 needed in april 1929 and even the 47 needed in december of that year.	july – hyperinflation in germany means that 563 marks are now needed to buy a single american dollar - almost double the 263 needed eight months before and dwarfing the mere 12 needed in april 1929 and even the 47 needed in december of that year.
the music, scored by legendary italian composer ennio morricone, was listed at #23 on afi's 100 years of film scores.	the music, scored by italian composer ennio morricone, was listed at #23 on afi's 100 years of film scores.
"in the book, at , he is actually told to bring ""seven pairs of every kind of clean animal and one pair of every kind of unclean animal"" (the cited text is from the niv bible, it uses ""seven pairs""; other bibles, such as the king james version of , use simply ""seven""."	"in the book, at , he is actually told to bring ""seven pairs of every kind of clean animal and one pair of every kind of unclean animal"" (the cited text is from the niv bible, it uses ""seven pairs""; some bibles, such as the king james version of , use simply ""seven""."
the product, re-released as google earth in 2005, is currently available for use on personal computers running microsoft windows 2000, xp, vista, 7, mac os x 10.3.9 and above, gnu/ linux (released on june 12, 2006), and freebsd.	the product, re-released as google earth in 2005, is currently available for use on personal computers running microsoft windows 2000, xp, vista, 7, mac os x 10.3.9 and above, linux (released on june 12, 2006), and freebsd.
marie dubas, music-hall singer and comedienne (born 1894).	marie dubas, music-hall singer and comedian (born 1894).
in 2008, jorge seijo re-married claribel santiago lugo one year and a half after his wife's passing .	in 2008, jorge seijo re-married claribel santiago lugo one year and a half after his wife's death .
wobenzym is an enzyme tablet containing plant-based enzymes bromelain and papain, allegedly to support a healthy immune system.	wobenzym is an enzyme tablet containing plant-based enzymes bromelain and papain, supposedly to support a healthy immune system.
after he was tragically killed on an expedition to the himalayan mountain annapurna in 1970, ian clough hall, a meeting-place and arts venue, was established in baildon in his memory.	after he was killed on an expedition to the himalayan mountain annapurna in 1970, ian clough hall, a meeting-place and arts venue, was established in baildon in his memory.
1833: the united kingdom took over the islands again and removed the argentines, but argentina maintained its claim.	1833: the united kingdom took over the islands again and expelled the argentines, but argentina maintained its claim.
a 5-6 to 1-5 victory gave coffey a coveted championship medal.	a 5-6 to 1-5 victory gave coffey a limerick senior hurling championship medal.
a perfect example lies in an episode from september 1965 which featured the zany comedienne phyllis diller followed by an interview with capt.	a perfect example lies in an episode from september 1965 which featured the zany comedian phyllis diller followed by an interview with capt.
these sequels are based on frank herbert's notes for his planned seventh novel in the series.	the authors claim that sequels are based on frank herbert's notes for his planned seventh novel in the series.
"in 2006, about 7-8 months after eddie's passing , vickie started appearing more prominently during a feud between rey and chavo guerrero when chavo accused rey of being ""nothing but a good mexican tulcingao leech living off the blood of the guerrero name"" on the august 7 episode of smackdown!."	"in 2006, about 7-8 months after eddie's death , vickie started appearing more prominently during a feud between rey and chavo guerrero when chavo accused rey of being ""nothing but a good mexican tulcingao leech living off the blood of the guerrero name"" on the august 7 episode of smackdown!."
littorio had been hit by the cruisers shellfire and one of the enemy cruisers was on fire aft, unfortunately however none of the destroyers torpedoes hit, but littorio turned away, the enemy had had enough and hauled away to the north east.	littorio had been hit by the cruisers shellfire and one of the enemy cruisers was on fire aft, however none of the destroyers torpedoes hit, but littorio turned away, the enemy had had enough and hauled away to the north east.
big oil companies and banks have stopped trading with libya after the introduction of sanctions leading to a shutdown of exports and further pressure on oil prices.	oil companies and banks have stopped trading with libya after the introduction of sanctions leading to a shutdown of exports and further pressure on oil prices.
when these settlers invaded against mexico in 1846 for the plan to acquire land from them long before they entered there, selected number of americans who married mexicans migrate to the rest of present land of mexico.	when these settlers revolted against mexico in 1846 for the plan to acquire land from them long before they entered there, selected number of americans who married mexicans migrate to the rest of present land of mexico.
the resurrection of jesus refers to the christian belief that after being put to death to take the punishment for sins jesus rose again from the dead.	the resurrection of jesus refers to the christian faith that after being put to death to take the punishment for sins jesus rose again from the dead.
"on 19 february, silvio berlusconi said he did not want to ""disturb"" his gaddafi, but two dayes later he called the attacks on protesters ""unacceptable""."	"on 19 february, silvio berlusconi said he did not want to ""disturb"" gaddafi, but two dayes later he called the attacks on protesters ""unacceptable""."
christian richards jacobs (born january 11, 1972 in rexburg, idaho) is an american musician and former child actor, well- known by the stage name the mc bat commander or mcbc for short, has been the lead singer of the aquabats since the band formed in 1994. he is the co-creator of the nick jr. children's television series, yo gabba gabba!.	christian richards jacobs (born january 11, 1972 in rexburg, idaho) is an american musician and former child actor, known by the stage name the mc bat commander or mcbc for short, has been the lead singer of the aquabats since the band formed in 1994. he is the co-creator of the nick jr. children's television series, yo gabba gabba!.
in response to the backlash, alaska graciously donated $5,000 to the charity trans kids purple rainbow and posted an apology video online.	in response to the backlash, alaska donated $5,000 to the charity trans kids purple rainbow and posted an apology video online.
fortunately the day is saved when aragorn arrives with the massive army of the dead (see paths of the dead) who crush sauron's forces (this is a condensation: in the books the dead depart after they defeat the corsairs and liberate pelargir, after which gondor's southern army is now free to rally to aragorn).	the day is saved when aragorn arrives with the massive army of the dead (see paths of the dead) who crush sauron's forces (this is a condensation: in the books the dead depart after they defeat the corsairs and liberate pelargir, after which gondor's southern army is now free to rally to aragorn).
a reconstruction of the case and its contents was submitted in order to show that the key had been in a pocket in the suitcase all along and that the customs officials, who had earlier said that baker had had the key on his person and had tossed it into the case, had lied.	a reconstruction of the case and its contents was submitted in order to show that the key could have been in a pocket in the suitcase all along and that the customs officials, who had earlier said that baker had had the key on his person and had tossed it into the case, had lied.
according to arab historian walid khalidi, a small number of palestinians from lifta moved to the area prior to 1967. in 1969, construction began on a new residential neighborhood to create a land link between west jerusalem and the hebrew university on mount scopus, which had been an israeli enclave in jordanian territory before the war.	according to palestinian historian walid khalidi, a small number of palestinians from lifta moved to the area prior to 1967. in 1969, construction began on a new residential neighborhood to create a land link between west jerusalem and the hebrew university on mount scopus, which had been an israeli enclave in jordanian territory before the war.
"pryor was a gifted storyteller known for unflinching examinations of race and custom in modern life, and was well-known for his frequent use of colorful language, vulgarities, as well as such racial epithets as ""nigger,"" ""honky"" and ""cracker."""	"pryor was a storyteller known for unflinching examinations of race and custom in modern life, and was well-known for his frequent use of colorful language, vulgarities, as well as such racial epithets as ""nigger,"" ""honky"" and ""cracker."""
in june 2010, mcdowell won the us open, the first time a european has won the coveted event in 40 years.	in june 2010, mcdowell won the us open, the first time a european has won the event in 40 years.
"politics, warfare and the environment are the main topics explored throughout the album, with songs such as ""rust in peace... polaris,"" which is about intercontinental ballistic missiles, and their effects on the world (polaris refers to polaris missile); ""take no prisoners,"" which is about prisoners of war; and ""holy wars...the punishment due,"" which is a two-part song containing ""holy wars,"" which is not referring to any historical place or event (although, according to some sources, was influenced by the reaction of the crowd to mustaine's comment about northern ireland during a concert which took place there, despite the obvious reference to israel on the lyrics) and ""the punishment due,"" which is about the marvel comics character the punisher, of which mustaine was a huge fan at the time."	"politics, warfare and the environment are the main topics explored throughout the album, with songs such as ""rust in peace... polaris,"" which is about intercontinental ballistic missiles, and their effects on the world (polaris refers to polaris missile); ""take no prisoners,"" which is about prisoners of war; and ""holy wars...the punishment due,"" which is a two-part song containing ""holy wars,"" which is not referring to any historical place or event (although, according to some sources, was influenced by the reaction of the crowd to mustaine's comment about unity of ireland during a concert which took place there, despite the obvious reference to israel on the lyrics) and ""the punishment due,"" which is about the marvel comics character the punisher, of which mustaine was a huge fan at the time."
tymoshenko and her followers saw the trials (and other similar trails) as political payback by ukrainian president viktor yanukovych and his party of regions.	tymoshenko and her suppoters saw the trials (and other similar trails) as political payback by ukrainian president viktor yanukovych and his party of regions.
"myers teaches at inje university and held a previous appointment at korea university from 2001 to 2005. he is a contributing editor to the atlantic monthly, which published his unsparing literary polemic against american postmodernist fiction, ""a reader's manifesto,"" in the july/august 2001 issue."	"myers teaches at inje university and held a previous appointment at korea university from 2001 to 2005. he is a contributing editor to the atlantic monthly, which published his literary polemic against american postmodernist fiction, ""a reader's manifesto,"" in the july/august 2001 issue."
furthermore, he informs about close links existing between the authors of the report and certain pro- abortion and lgbt lobby groups.	furthermore, he informs about close links existing between the authors of the report and certain pro- choice and lgbt lobby groups.
on 4th february 2017, mchugh was sent off during a scottish premiership match with hearts following a horror challenge on don cowie.	on 4th february 2017, mchugh was sent off during a scottish premiership match with hearts following a challenge on don cowie.
it was christened the adat, after the earlier 2 track digital recorders of the time known as dat (digital audio tape) based upon a small spinning head, similar to a consumer video recorder.	it was named the adat, after the earlier 2 track digital recorders of the time known as dat (digital audio tape) based upon a small spinning head, similar to a consumer video recorder.
boycott, divestment and sanctions, an international anti-israeli campaign .	boycott, divestment and sanctions, an international economic campaign.
a well-cited summary of some representative objections to the precautionary principle are described in a reason article by ronald bailey which, using the wingspread consensus as a starting point, argues the possibilities for misapplication of the principle.	a summary of some representative objections to the precautionary principle are described in a reason article by ronald bailey which, using the wingspread consensus as a starting point, argues the possibilities for misapplication of the principle.
after completing his electrical engineering from the prestigious delhi college of engineering, raghbir singh bhola joined the indian air force in feb,1952.	after completing his electrical engineering from the delhi college of engineering, raghbir singh bhola joined the indian air force in feb,1952.
although under the terms of the divorce cummings was granted custody of nancy for three months each year, elaine refused to honour the agreement.	although under the terms of the divorce cummings was granted custody of nancy for three months each year, elaine refused to abide by the agreement.
"in ivory coast, alpha oumar konare, chairman of the african union commission and former president of mali, stated, ""we already have a very difficult situation in darfur."	"in ivory coast, alpha oumar konare, chairperson of the african union commission and former president of mali, stated, ""we already have a very difficult situation in darfur."
"fong's excellent examination of the primate city during the 2010 ""red shirts"" uprising in thailand was notable."	"fong's examination of the primate city during the 2010 ""red shirts"" uprising in thailand was notable."
the term is often used to describe fears about islamic terrorism which, it is argued, are fears that are usually exaggerated or irrational in nature.	the term is used to describe fears about islamic terrorism which, it is argued, are fears that are usually exaggerated or irrational in nature.
21 times a fellow houseguest saved a nominee (including six times by the hoh and four times by the other nominee)	21 times a fellow houseguest saved a nominee (including six times by the hoh and three times by the other nominee)
styler has also made seven hugely popular mind-body fitness dvds released by gaia, inc..	styler has also made seven popular mind-body fitness dvds released by gaia, inc..
several american warships commanded by rear admiral henry t. mayo settled in the area with the pretext of protecting american citizens and property.	several american warships commanded by rear admiral henry t. mayo settled in the area with the stated purpose of protecting american citizens and property.
in 2006 the former teen hearthrobs reunite to bring together a new television series.	in 2006 the former teen stars will reunite to bring together a new television series.
tobias whale a d.c. comics african-american albino mobster whose villainy induces character jefferson pierce to become the superhero black lightning.	tobias whale a d.c. comics african-american albinistic mobster whose villainy induces character jefferson pierce to become the superhero black lightning.
while certainly not a critical favorite, the campy film the ice pirates (1984) is noteworthy for exploring the realm of space piracy.	while certainly not a critical favorite, the film the ice pirates (1984) is noteworthy for exploring the realm of space piracy.
"among his successes : the victories of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu's in 1996, israeli prime minister ehud barak's in 1999, and austrian chancellor alfred gusenbauer in 2006. in the 1996 israeli elections assouline was implemented a change of language in propaganda broadcasts under arthur finkelstein's strategy ""making a secure peace""."	"among his campaigns : the victories of israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu's in 1996, israeli prime minister ehud barak's in 1999, and austrian chancellor alfred gusenbauer in 2006. in the 1996 israeli elections assouline was implemented a change of language in propaganda broadcasts under arthur finkelstein's strategy ""making a secure peace""."
during the 2011 libyan civil war a former government official disclosed that muammar gaddafi had personally ordered the attack.	during the 2011 libyan civil war a former government official claimed that muammar gaddafi had personally ordered the attack.
"susan powter (born december 22, 1957) is a motivational speaker, dietitian, personal trainer and author of australian birth, who rose to fame in the 1990s with her mantra ""stop the insanity!"""	"susan powter (born december 22, 1957) is a motivational speaker, dietitian, personal trainer and author of australian birth, who rose to fame in the 1990s with her catch phrase ""stop the insanity!"""
naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is an english supermodel .	naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is an english model .
metodi tasev shatorov - sharlo (bulgarian: - and macedonian cyrillic: ja - ) (1897 in prilep, ottoman empire 1944 near pazardjik, bulgaria) was a pro-bulgarian macedonian politician and outstanding leader of the macedonian communists during the first half of 20th century.	metodi tasev shatorov - sharlo (bulgarian: - and macedonian cyrillic: ja - ) (1897 in prilep, ottoman empire 1944 near pazardjik, bulgaria) was a pro-bulgarian politician and outstanding leader of the macedonian communists during the first half of 20th century.
it is no longer open to the public, being closed at both ends by massive security gates erected in 1989. a van parked on whitehall was used by the ira to launch a terrorist mortar attack on 10 downing street on 7 february 1991. fortunately the bombs narrowly missed the building and nobody was hurt.	it is no longer open to the public, being closed at both ends by massive security gates erected in 1989. a van parked on whitehall was used by the ira to launch a terrorist mortar attack on 10 downing street on 7 february 1991. the bombs narrowly missed the building and nobody was hurt.
after 100 years rugby union eventually joined rugby league, and most other forms of football, as an openly professional sport.	after 100 years rugby union joined rugby league, and most other forms of football, as an openly professional sport.
adams returned to management in april 1999 with division three supremos brighton & hove albion.	adams returned to management in april 1999 with division three team brighton & hove albion.
the term refers to the new testament story of lazarus, whom jesus supposedly raised from the dead.	the term refers to the new testament story of lazarus, whom jesus miraculously raised from the dead.
"kim weston covered the song powerfully on her 1970 album ""big brass four poster""."	"kim weston covered the song on her 1970 album ""big brass four poster""."
"fair game was introduced by hubbard as a defense against people or groups that ""actively seeks to suppress or damage scientology or a scientologist by suppressive acts."""	"fair game was introduced by hubbard as a policy against people or groups that ""actively seeks to suppress or damage scientology or a scientologist by suppressive acts."""
icon of james the just, whose judgment was adopted in the apostolic decree of , c. 50 ad.	icon of james the just, whose judgment was adopted in the apostolic decree according to , c. 50 ad.
dawson resides in hong kong and has one wonderful daughter.	dawson resides in hong kong and has one daughter.
unlike the simpsons, family guy does not have an overly- large cast of re-occuring minor characters and most of the episodes center mainly around the exploits of the griffin family.	unlike the simpsons, family guy does not have an very large cast of re-occuring minor characters and most of the episodes center mainly around the exploits of the griffin family.
designed by sancton wood, the handsome original buildings remain.	designed by sancton wood, the original buildings remain.
although this movement is currently synonymous with the terrorist organisation eta, it does have a history stretching back long before eta's formation.	although this movement is currently synonymous with the separatist organisation eta, it does have a history stretching back long before eta's formation.
his acclaimed feature-length study of balthus, praised by guy davenport, was filmed in super 16 over a 12-month period in switzerland, italy, france and the moors of england.	his feature-length study of balthus, praised by guy davenport, was filmed in super 16 over a 12-month period in switzerland, italy, france and the moors of england.
in bill & ted's bogus journey, the brainless protagonists challenge death to a series of inane games including cluedo (clue) and twister.	in bill & ted's bogus journey, the brainless protagonists challenge death to a series of parlor games including cluedo (clue) and twister.
keith olbermann (born january 27, 1959) is an american sportscaster, news anchor, and liberal political commentator.	keith olbermann (born january 27, 1959) is an american sportscaster, news anchor, and political commentator.
the rejection of the doctrine of the holy trinity.	the rejection of the doctrine of the trinity.
mario lemieux (born 1965), canadian professional ice hockey superstar	mario lemieux (born 1965), canadian professional ice hockey player
more onerous requirements even include the need to have a credentialed teacher supervise the homeschooled child's education.	more stringent requirements even include the need to have a credentialed teacher supervise the homeschooled child's education.
known for his multi-faceted portrayals of conscientious yet often inherently sinister characters, he is most-famous for playing tony soprano in the hit hbo tv series the sopranos, an italian-american crime boss struggling to reconcile his family life with that of his underworld dealings.	known for his multi-faceted portrayals of conscientious yet often inherently sinister characters, he is known for playing tony soprano in the hit hbo tv series the sopranos, an italian-american crime boss struggling to reconcile his family life with that of his underworld dealings.
hong kong police have stated that they confiscated a hoard of sex related photo's that involve 6 other identifiable, and other unidentifiable females.	hong kong police have stated that they confiscated a collection of sex related photo's that involve 6 other identifiable, and other unidentifiable females.
as j. brachtendorf showed, augustine used ciceronian stoic concept of passions, to interpret st. paul's doctrine of universal sin and redemption.	as j. brachtendorf showed, augustine used ciceronian stoic concept of passions, to interpret paul's doctrine of universal sin and redemption.
"two of his students brought complaints concerning an e-mail he forwarded for discussion titled ""parallel images of nazis and israelis"" sent to the students that made a visual image comparison of the gaza massacre to the warsaw ghetto."	"two of his students brought complaints concerning an e-mail he forwarded for discussion titled ""parallel images of nazis and israelis"" sent to the students that made a visual image comparison of the gaza war to the warsaw ghetto."
in the 2006 election, amendment 44 of colorado making it legal to possess less than 1 ounce of marijuana , failed.	in the 2006 election, amendment 44 of colorado making it legal to possess less than 1 ounce of herbal cannabis , failed.
randall hank williams (born may 26, 1949), better known as hank williams, jr., is an award-winning american country singer-songwriter and musician.	randall hank williams (born may 26, 1949), better known as hank williams, jr., is an american country singer-songwriter and musician.
generic-style ceiling fan from the early 1980's.	ceiling fan from the early 1980's.
the band gives advice on the opposite sex through personal experience, stereotypes (including rocker and vanilla pudding), and biblical advicepresented in the fun attitude found in their music.	the band gives advice on the opposite sex through personal experience, stereotypes (including rocker and vanilla pudding), and biblical advicepresented in the attitude found in their music.
scalia also harangues the writers of the opinion for their unwillingness to give the same respect to the doctrine of stare decisis that some of the same justices applied in the case of planned parenthood v. casey.	scalia also criticizes the writers of the opinion for their unwillingness to give the same respect to the doctrine of stare decisis that some of the same justices applied in the case of planned parenthood v. casey.
"in alexandria, louisiana, a local journalist complained that the star was on stage for less than an hour and ""was impossible to understand."""	"in alexandria, louisiana, a local journalist complained that the singer was on stage for less than an hour and ""was impossible to understand."""
many churches operate throughout the hills district, including, notably, the mormon's sydney australia temple in carlingford, the infamous hillsong church situated in norwest business park.	many churches operate throughout the hills district, including, notably, the mormon's sydney australia temple in carlingford, the hillsong church situated in norwest business park.
oasys mobile is a leading mobile game developer and publisher.	oasys mobile is a mobile game developer and publisher.
the discovery institute emphasizes that the book explore evolution encourages critical thinking:	the discovery institute claims that the book explore evolution encourages critical thinking:
obviously tcocs are ineffective where train detection is not by means of track circuits, such as axle counters or treadles.	tcocs are ineffective where train detection is not by means of track circuits, such as axle counters or treadles.
a distinguishing feature of the wii console is its inovative wireless controller, the wii remote, which may be used as a handheld pointing device and can detect motion and rotation in three dimensions.	a distinguishing feature of the wii console is its wireless controller, the wii remote, which may be used as a handheld pointing device and can detect motion and rotation in three dimensions.
born in poland, chess was enormously influential in the development of electric blues.	born in poland, chess was influential in the development of electric blues.
the deportation of georgian illegal immigrants from russia amid the ongoing diplomatic crisis also aroused much controversy.	the deportation of georgian immigrants from russia amid the ongoing diplomatic crisis also aroused much controversy.
mirpur, pakistan a city in pakistan -administered kashmir	mirpur, pakistan a city in pakistan kashmir
nusrat fateh ali khan (; october 13, 1948 august 16, 1997) was a world-renowned pakistani musician, was primarily a singer of qawwali, the devotional classical music of the sufis.	nusrat fateh ali khan (; october 13, 1948 august 16, 1997) was a pakistani musician, was primarily a singer of qawwali, the devotional classical music of the sufis.
the distributor can choose to encrypt the media (mxf) files with aes encryption to combat piracy .	the distributor can choose to encrypt the media (mxf) files with aes encryption to combat copyright infringement .
unfortunately the cup and truck races that will be given to vegas will come from new hampshire, making the 2017 running the last running for now.	the cup and truck races that will be given to vegas will come from new hampshire, making the 2017 running the last running for now.
the most commonsensical argument states that the mouth and tongue are used for recitation of the qur'an and for the remembrance of allah (dhikr).	the most common argument states that the mouth and tongue are used for recitation of the qur'an and for the remembrance of allah (dhikr).
edie adams (april 16, 1927 october 15, 2008) was an american businesswoman, singer, broadway, television and film actress, and comedienne .	edie adams (april 16, 1927 october 15, 2008) was an american businesswoman, singer, broadway, television and film actress, and comedian .
they believe that jews dominate the federal government and control its fiat money, and refuse payment of taxes and debts for that reason; they file worthless legal documents proclaiming independence from the united states, or claiming liens against internal revenue service employees, judges, and other perceived enemies.	they believe that jews dominate the federal government and control its fiat money, and refuse payment of taxes and debts for that reason; they file legal documents proclaiming independence from the united states, or claiming liens against internal revenue service employees, judges, and other perceived enemies.
as islam is not just a religion, but also a total way of life, a new common basis of law and personal behavior (sharia) began to take shape.	as islam is not just a religion, but also a complete way of life, a new common basis of law and personal behavior (sharia) began to take shape.
occupy uc davis gained international attention on november 18, 2011 after a video on youtube went viral of university police pepper-spraying a group of peaceful demonstrators as they were seated on a paved path in the campus quad.	occupy uc davis gained international attention on november 18, 2011 after a video on youtube went viral of university police pepper-spraying a group of demonstrators as they were seated on a paved path in the campus quad.
sanatan dharma dhurandar acharya maharaj shree 1008 koshalendraprasadji maharaj (devnagari: ) (october 1971 - present) is the current acharya of the narnarayan dev gadi of the swaminarayan sampraday (15 october 2004 present) and is the 7th spiritual successor of swaminarayan in the north diocese (narnarayan dev gadi, ahmedabad).	sanatan dharma dhurandar acharya maharaj shree 1008 koshalendraprasadji maharaj (devnagari: ) (october 1971 - present) is the current acharya of the narnarayan dev gadi of the swaminarayan sampraday (15 october 2004 present) and is the 7th successor of swaminarayan in the north diocese (narnarayan dev gadi, ahmedabad).
his structure of worship and liturgy has withstood more than four centuries.	his structure of worship and liturgy has endured more than four centuries.
cardinal ratzinger finally re-opened the investigation in december of 2004.	cardinal ratzinger re-opened the investigation in december of 2004.
"subramuniyaswami was lauded by klaus klostermaier as ""the single-most advocate of hinduism outside india""."	"subramuniyaswami was described by klaus klostermaier as ""the single-most advocate of hinduism outside india""."
"however on 18 january, an american activist, known only as t. west, posted a video on youtube in which he called for haitians to be wary of ""personalities who are out for money"" and of the israeli defense forces in particular."	"on 18 january, an american activist, known only as t. west, posted a video on youtube in which he called for haitians to be wary of ""personalities who are out for money"" and of the israeli defense forces in particular."
in 2017, rct filed two big clawback lawsuits against paul hastings (on behalf of doral financial corporation)	in 2017, rct filed two clawback lawsuits against paul hastings (on behalf of doral financial corporation)
"she was 5'3"" with naturally brown hair and alluring brown eyes."	"she was 5'3"" with naturally brown hair and brown eyes."
australia has a market economy with extremely high gdp per capita and a low rate of poverty.	australia has a market economy with high gdp per capita and a low rate of poverty.
in abrahamic religions, creationism is the false belief that humans, life, the earth,and the universe have a miraculous origin in a supreme being or deity's supernatural intervention.	in abrahamic religions, creationism is the belief that humans, life, the earth,and the universe have a miraculous origin in a supreme being or deity's supernatural intervention.
franco led a successful military career and reached the rank of general.	franco led a notable military career and reached the rank of general.
tibet today is part of the people's republic of china (prc) (with a small part, depending on definitions, controlled by india).	tibet is part of the people's republic of china (prc) (with a small part, depending on definitions, controlled by india).
the film ends with juno and paulie playing guitar and singing together sometime later, followed by a chaste kiss.	the film ends with juno and paulie playing guitar and singing together sometime later, followed by a kiss.
kristina cassadine (previously carter) was a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	kristina cassadine (previously carter) was a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
as a result of his alleged death, charges against osama bin laden were dropped on june 17, 2011 with the filing of a nolle prosequi in a manhattan federal court by the u.s. department of justice.	as a result of his reported death, charges against osama bin laden were dropped on june 17, 2011 with the filing of a nolle prosequi in a manhattan federal court by the u.s. department of justice.
herbert l. bowman (april 21, 1897 april 1980) was an outstanding american tennis player in the early 20th century.	herbert l. bowman (april 21, 1897 april 1980) was an american tennis player in the early 20th century.
"the besieged jewish population of jerusalem could nevertheless be supplied by the fortuitous development of a passable road, dubbed the ""burma road,"" avoiding latrun and suitable for convoy traffic."	"the besieged jewish population of jerusalem could nevertheless be supplied by the development of a passable road, dubbed the ""burma road,"" avoiding latrun and suitable for convoy traffic."
the church's most significant scripture, the book of mormon, was published by founder joseph smith, jr. in 1830, and is believed to be a spiritual history of various groups of pre-columbian israelites.	the church's most distinctive scripture, the book of mormon, was published by founder joseph smith, jr. in 1830, and is believed to be a spiritual history of various groups of pre-columbian israelites.
the film was a tribute to the apo hiking society, and also stars singers ogie alcasid, zsa zsa padilla, gary valenciano and comedienne , eugene domingo.	the film was a tribute to the apo hiking society, and also stars singers ogie alcasid, zsa zsa padilla, gary valenciano and comedian , eugene domingo.
"this album also included three excellent new songs: ""poor little girl"", ""cheer down"", and ""cockamamie business"", the last of which saw him once again looking wryly upon his beatley past."	"this album also included three new songs: ""poor little girl"", ""cheer down"", and ""cockamamie business"", the last of which saw him once again looking wryly upon his beatley past."
started on the crowdfunding platform kickstarter.com the campaign was unsuccessful as from the demanded $200,000 only $13,000 were gathered.	started on the crowdfunding platform kickstarter.com the campaign was unsuccessful as from the requested $200,000 only $13,000 were gathered.
after england granted partitioned its indian empire and granted independence to british india, it reorganized itself as the indian union, and demanded that france and portugal cede it their territories with or without the consent of their peoples.	after england partitioned its indian empire and granted independence to british india, it reorganized itself as the indian union, and demanded that france and portugal cede it their territories with or without the consent of their peoples.
the career and life of rino gaetano were tragically interrupted on 2 june 1981, at the age of thirty, as a result of a car accident.	the career and life of rino gaetano were interrupted on 2 june 1981, at the age of thirty, as a result of a car accident.
cantor's theorem is obvious for finite sets, since in addition to subsets of a with just one member, there are others as well, and since n < 2 n for all natural numbers n. but the theorem is true of infinite sets as well.	cantor's theorem is true for finite sets, since in addition to subsets of a with just one member, there are others as well, and since n < 2 n for all natural numbers n. but the theorem is true of infinite sets as well.
the volvo p1800 is a classic sports car from volvo.	the volvo p1800 is a sports car from volvo.
although the story became a nationwide scandal at that point, it had already become a statewide scandal in november 1996 after a fabricated story by mark arax appeared in the los angeles times.	although the story became a nationwide scandal at that point, it had already become a statewide scandal in november 1996 after a story by mark arax appeared in the los angeles times .
it would introduce an english parliament and end the discriminatory barnett formula.	it would introduce an english parliament and end the barnett formula.
the democrats have nominal races in seven states, six of which have barack obama as the sole candidate.	the democrats have races in seven states, six of which have barack obama as the sole candidate.
she heads for london, determined to make her mark as a television comedienne , inspired by her idol lucille ball.	she heads for london, determined to make her mark as a television comedian, inspired by her idol lucille ball.
after tikkun magazine announced that it would award goldstone with its prestigious tikkun award, lerner's home was vandalized with posters accusing him of supporting terrorism and islamo-fascism.	after tikkun magazine announced that it would award goldstone with its tikkun award, lerner's home was vandalized with posters accusing him of supporting terrorism and islamo-fascism.
orca, (1997), a deck about the environment inhabited by killer whales did not generate enough response to warrant a second printing despite the fine photos from alexandra mortons collection; neither did raccoon, (1996) a photo essay of a family of raccoons and their neighbours.	orca, (1997), a deck about the environment inhabited by killer whales did not generate enough response to warrant a second printing despite the photos from alexandra mortons collection; neither did raccoon, (1996) a photo essay of a family of raccoons and their neighbours.
the use of drugs to enhance communication	the use of drugs to modify communication
on , roberts was placed on leave by publicis groupe, after an interview with business insider in which he made sexist remarks about gender equality.	on , roberts was placed on leave by publicis groupe, after an interview with business insider in which he made candid remarks about gender equality.
the album is the follow-up to the 2007, triple-platinum hit , hannah montana 2.	the album is the follow-up to the 2007, triple-platinum selling record , hannah montana 2.
2008's performance of christopher marlowe's doctor faustus won the prestigious durham student theatre award for best play.	2008's performance of christopher marlowe's doctor faustus won the durham student theatre award for best play.
"the duo's ""signature tune"", ""we've only just begun"", is popular at weddings and receptions, and was memorably featured in the film version of starsky & hutch and 1408."	"the duo's ""signature tune"", ""we've only just begun"", is popular at weddings and receptions, and was featured in the film version of starsky & hutch and 1408."
"piaggio mp5 ""paperino"", the unloved initial piaggio prototype"	"piaggio mp5 ""paperino"", the initial piaggio prototype"
timur avtandilovich apakidze (, temur apakidze) (march 4, 1954 july 17, 2001) was a russian major general of georgian ahiska-turkish ethnicity, fighter pilot, flight specialist and founder of the modern russian naval aviation and hero of the russian federation.	timur avtandilovich apakidze (, temur apakidze) (march 4, 1954 july 17, 2001) was a russian major general of georgian ethnicity, fighter pilot, flight specialist and founder of the modern russian naval aviation and hero of the russian federation.
tel aviv-yafo (; tal abib-yafa) is a city in israel on the coast of the mediterranean sea.	tel aviv-yafo (; tal abib-yafa) is the second largest city in israel on the coast of the mediterranean sea.
a series of underscores (like _________) may be used to lazily create a blank to be filled in on a form, although the resulting blank will often have tiny gaps between each individual underscore.	a series of underscores (like _________) may be used to create a blank to be filled in on a form, although the resulting blank will often have tiny gaps between each individual underscore.
"rolls-royce limited is a renowned british car-manufacturing and, later, aero-engine manufacturing company founded by charles stewart rolls and sir frederick henry royce on 15 march 1906 as the result of a partnership formed in 1904. in addition to the company's reputation for superior engineering quality which has led to its epithet as the ""best car in the world"", rolls-royce limited was known for manufacturing the high-powered ""r"" engines responsible for land and air speed records as well as successful performances in automobile racing."	"rolls-royce limited is a british car-manufacturing and, later, aero-engine manufacturing company founded by charles stewart rolls and sir frederick henry royce on 15 march 1906 as the result of a partnership formed in 1904. in addition to the company's reputation for superior engineering quality which has led to its epithet as the ""best car in the world"", rolls-royce limited was known for manufacturing the high-powered ""r"" engines responsible for land and air speed records as well as successful performances in automobile racing."
he is the founder of proud boys, a far-right men's organization.	he is the founder of proud boys, a men's organization.
the 24 hours of le mans (24 heures du mans) is a famous sports car endurance race held annually since near the town of le mans, sarthe, france.	the 24 hours of le mans (24 heures du mans) is a sports car endurance race held annually since near the town of le mans, sarthe, france.
offering more than 70 applied degrees, diplomas, and certificates, it serves as a quality institution for the city of calgary and southern alberta.	offering more than 70 applied degrees, diplomas, and certificates, it serves as a polytechnic institution for the city of calgary and southern alberta.
osama bin mohammed bin awad bin laden (; , ; 10 march 1957 2 may 2011) was the founder of al-qaeda, the anti-kafir organization that claimed responsibility for the september 11 attacks on the united states, along with numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian and military targets.	osama bin mohammed bin awad bin laden (; , ; 10 march 1957 2 may 2011) was the founder of al-qaeda, the organization that claimed responsibility for the september 11 attacks on the united states, along with numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian and military targets.
the regnum christi consecrated men are a branch of the controversial regnum christi movement made up of lay men who dedicate themselves full-time to apostolate.	the regnum christi consecrated men are a branch of the regnum christi movement made up of lay men who dedicate themselves full-time to apostolate.
simon mayo drivetime is a popular programme on bbc radio 2, which airs on weekdays between 17:00 and 19:00 in the united kingdom.	simon mayo drivetime is a programme on bbc radio 2, which airs on weekdays between 17:00 and 19:00 in the united kingdom.
pearlman made himself legally the sixth member of his boy bands to receive writing and performing royalties (despite not being a credited performer or songwriter on any album), and would also receive a decent percentage of merchandise and tour revenues.	pearlman made himself legally the sixth member of his boy bands to receive writing and performing royalties (despite not being a credited performer or songwriter on any album), and would also receive a percentage of merchandise and tour revenues.
in purported cults and new religious movements (nrms)	in alleged cults and new religious movements (nrms)
it is the busiest summer resort in lithuania and has beaches of sand (18 km long and up to 300 m wide) and beautiful sand dunes.	it is the busiest summer resort in lithuania and has beaches of sand (18 km long and up to 300 m wide) and sand dunes.
malta is described in the book of acts at and , where christianity was introduced by saint paul the apostle.	malta is described in the book of acts at and , where christianity was introduced by paul the apostle.
he ended up hitting .300 and making several breathtaking catches in the field.	he ended up hitting .300 and making several impressive catches in the field.
in northumberland there was a small majority to leave the european union.	in northumberland there was a majority to leave the european union.
carter appeared in the film man on the moon (1999) as the lovely girlfriend of jerry lawler.	carter appeared in the film man on the moon (1999) as the girlfriend of jerry lawler.
"however, prime minister david cameron has asserted ""the status quo is not an option"" and many within his and nick clegg's joint administration have even gone out of their way to stress that certain aspects of the bill  such as the formation of gp consortia  are not only not open for discussion, but are also already too far along the path to completion to be derailed now."	"however, prime minister david cameron has asserted ""the status quo is not an option"" and many within his and nick clegg's joint administration have even gone out of their way to stress that certain aspects of the bill  such as the formation of gp consortia  are not only not open for discussion, but are also already too far along the path to completion to be stopped now."
cameron indoor stadium is a legendary basketball arena located at duke university in durham, north carolina.	cameron indoor stadium is a basketball arena located at duke university in durham, north carolina.
it is the deepest open pit mine with respect to sea level: the bottom of the pit is below sea level, the deepest man- made point on the earth's surface.	it is the deepest open pit mine with respect to sea level: the bottom of the pit is below sea level, the deepest artificially made point on the earth's surface.
a sober consideration of the difficulties posed in defining non-commercial with respect to swedish law was written up by mikael pawlo.	a consideration of the difficulties posed in defining non-commercial with respect to swedish law was written up by mikael pawlo.
the solution is then distilled with sodium hydroxide (added in small quantities) which converts the ammonium salt to ammonia.	the solution is then neutralization | neutralized with sodium hydroxide (added in small quantities) which converts the ammonium salt to ammonia.
since the late 1880s, alligator wrestling has been a source of great entertainment.	since the late 1880s, alligator wrestling has been a source of entertainment.
among these bands in l.a. were the weirdos, max laser, the germs, the detours, the slashers, the outsiders, the skulls, the dils, the go-go's, the screamers, the dickies, x, the weasels, the zeros, the alley cats, the bags, vom ( later the angry samoans), and the girl scoutz.	among these bands in l.a. were the weirdos, max laser, the germs, the detours, the slashers, the outsiders, the skulls, the dils, the go-go's, the screamers, the dickies, x, the weasels, the zeros, the alley cats, the bags, vom ( which morphed into the angry samoans), and the girl scoutz.
"it is remarkable that the use of for the informal plural ""you"" in southern spain does not follow the usual rule for pronoun-verb agreement; e.g., while the formal form for ""you go"", , uses the third-person plural form of the verb, in cdiz or seville the informal form is constructed as , using the second-person plural of the verb."	"it is notable that the use of for the informal plural ""you"" in southern spain does not follow the usual rule for pronoun-verb agreement; e.g., while the formal form for ""you go"", , uses the third-person plural form of the verb, in cdiz or seville the informal form is constructed as , using the second-person plural of the verb."
tullaroan provided the opposition, however, a 310 to 013 victory gave o'donnell a coveted championship medal.	tullaroan provided the opposition, however, a 310 to 013 victory gave o'donnell a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal.
"the stormfront white nationalist community is a white pride internet hate forum and has the motto ""white pride world wide""."	"the stormfront white nationalist community is a white pride internet forum and has the motto ""white pride world wide""."
mangum has kept out of the public eye since then (although not without intrusive fans speculating on his whereabouts), rarely if ever playing acoustic sets and concentrating more on his recorded sound and music collages.	mangum has kept out of the public eye since then (although not without fans speculating on his whereabouts), rarely if ever playing acoustic sets and concentrating more on his recorded sound and music collages.
in order to combat the stability problems and limited voltage gain due to the miller effect, the noted physicist walter h. schottky invented the tetrode tube in 1919. he showed that the addition of a second grid, located between the control grid and the plate, known as the screen grid, could solve these problems.	in order to combat the stability problems and limited voltage gain due to the miller effect, the physicist walter h. schottky invented the tetrode tube in 1919. he showed that the addition of a second grid, located between the control grid and the plate, known as the screen grid, could solve these problems.
coconut jewelry has been made for generations by local indians native to the rainforests and coasts of south america.	coconut jewelry has been made for generations by local people native to the rainforests and coasts of south america.
his wife, the empress theophano (commemorated on december 16) lived a holy life.	his wife, the empress theophano (commemorated on december 16) lived a devout life.
on 24 october 2001, he was one the players who gloriously helped crush r.s.c.	on 24 october 2001, he was one the players who helped crush r.s.c.
adhd is one of the most controversial pediatric psychiatric disorders.	adhd is one of the most controversial pediatric disorders.
this victory was quite significant in that the ottoman navy retreated within the straits and left the aegean sea to the greeks who were now free to liberate the islands of lesbos, chios, lemnos and samos.	this victory was quite significant in that the ottoman navy retreated within the straits and left the aegean sea to the greeks who were now free to occupy the islands of lesbos, chios, lemnos and samos.
dr. bob's response to dr. offit's false statements about the vaccine book	dr. bob's response to dr. offit's statements about the vaccine book
non-landed (or travel) clubs meet at various locations, such as private residences, naturist hot springs, landed resorts and rented facilities.	non-landed (or travel) clubs meet at various locations, such as private residences, hot springs, landed resorts and rented facilities.
the conservative group wrote that rt uses americans like kokesh to make propaganda points.	the group wrote that rt uses americans like kokesh to make propaganda points.
hicks criticised fixx's alleged self-righteousness and pointed out the extreme irony of his death by running.	hicks criticised fixx's alleged self-righteousness and pointed out the irony of his death by running.
support acts for headlining shows past this point have not been confirmed, however, korn are slated to perform at various european rock festivals over the summer of 2006, many of which feature such legendary bands as guns n' roses and metallica.	support acts for headlining shows past this point have not been confirmed, however, korn are slated to perform at various european rock festivals over the summer of 2006, many of which feature such bands as guns n' roses and metallica.
leonid mykhailovych klimov (born march 31, 1953) is a ukrainian parliamentary, banker, and statesman .	leonid mykhailovych klimov (born march 31, 1953) is a ukrainian parliamentary, banker, and politician .
benjamin was instrumental in authoring the penal code and the code of penal procedure of the gdr and played a decisive role in the stalinist reorganization of the country's legal system.	benjamin was instrumental in authoring the penal code and the code of penal procedure of the gdr and played a decisive role in the reorganization of the country's legal system.
"she also sings reverential music, similar to gospel; often closing her shows, for example, with a highly-moving version of ""amazing grace""."	"she also sings reverential music, similar to gospel; often closing her shows, for example, with a version of ""amazing grace""."
the film is a theatrical spin-off of the 1960-66 television series, the flintstones, and is considered the official swan song of the classic tv show as it was made immediately following the end of production on the series.	the film is a theatrical spin-off of the 1960-66 television series, the flintstones, and is considered the official swan song of the tv show as it was made immediately following the end of production on the series.
it currently exercises sovereignty over the island group of taiwan, the pescadores, kinmen, and matsu.	it currently exercises control over the island group of taiwan, the pescadores, kinmen, and matsu.
he is the founder of faith freedom international, a secularist organization dedicated to helping ex-muslims to leave islam.	he is the founder of faith freedom international, a secularist organization dedicated to push ex-muslims to leave islam.
this final build resolved the bugs that plagued the voice search and tethering functionality .	this final build resolved the bugs that affected the voice search and tethering functionality .
imperial college london (officially imperial college of science, technology and medicine) is a leading british university in london.	imperial college london (officially imperial college of science, technology and medicine) is a british university in london.
richard michell upjohn, faia, (march 7, 1828 march 3, 1903) was an influential american architect, co-founder and president of the american institute of architects.	richard michell upjohn, faia, (march 7, 1828 march 3, 1903) was an american architect, co-founder and president of the american institute of architects.
since that time he has co-starred in the lost men, and also starred in the action thriller bangkok adrenaline and the satirical drama monks & mamasans.	since that time he has co-starred in the lost men, and also in the action thriller bangkok adrenaline and the satirical drama monks & mamasans.
muslims on the other hand have claimed that this issue is just the crest of an iceberg.the hindu parties whether shunning violence or doing it are just waiting for another moment to repatriate other muslim places of worship.they cite many places where actions by the right wing hindu party bjp and its affiliate religious and militant organisations have either led to the closure of these places of worship to the muslims or partial curtailment of the prayers to a few days in a week or limiting the number of people who could perform the prayers.	muslims on the other hand have claimed that this issue is just the crest of an iceberg.the hindu parties whether shunning violence or doing it are just waiting for another moment to occupy other muslim places of worship.they cite many places where actions by the right wing hindu party bjp and its affiliate religious and militant organisations have either led to the closure of these places of worship to the muslims or partial curtailment of the prayers to a few days in a week or limiting the number of people who could perform the prayers.
she is the chairman of the large anheuser-busch beer and liquor distributor hensley & company, founded by her father.	she is the chairperson of the large anheuser-busch beer and liquor distributor hensley & company, founded by her father.
moore wrote weekly columns for the far-right website worldnetdaily from 2006 to 2009 .	moore wrote weekly columns for the website worldnetdaily from 2006 to 2009.
the salvadorian witness to the massacre conveniently shoots tom through the window.	the salvadorian witness to the massacre shoots tom through the window.
in doctrine, free methodists beliefs are the standard beliefs of evangelical, arminian protestantism, with distinctive emphasis on the scriptural teaching of entire sanctification as held by john wesley, to whom the free methodist church traces its origins.	in doctrine, free methodists beliefs are the standard beliefs of evangelical, arminian protestantism, with distinctive emphasis on the teaching of entire sanctification as held by john wesley, to whom the free methodist church traces its origins.
swanton morley is a picturesque village situated in the heart of norfolk.	swanton morley is a village situated in the heart of norfolk.
in the racial anthropology of the early 20th century, the armenoid /assyroid type was considered a subtype of the caucasian race.	in the racial anthropology of the early 20th century, the armenoid type was considered a subtype of the caucasian race.
currently a frivolous legal battle is occurring between the kane area school board and the the mount jewett charter school coalition to open a new charter school due to the recent closing of mount jewett's elementary school.	currently a legal battle is occurring between the kane area school board and the the mount jewett charter school coalition to open a new charter school due to the recent closing of mount jewett's elementary school.
an important critique of solzhnitsyn's position that debunked the majority of his claims was published by the northwestern university historian yohanan petrovsky-shtern .	an important critique of solzhnitsyn's position that attempted to debunk the majority of his claims was published by the northwestern university historian yohanan petrovsky-shtern .
when sir edwin, now aged 94, feels that he is going to die, he calls for his son, and hamish arrives home on what turns out to be the eve of his father's passing .	when sir edwin, now aged 94, feels that he is going to die, he calls for his son, and hamish arrives home on what turns out to be the eve of his father's death .
the classic science-fiction short story the golem by avram davidson.	the science-fiction short story the golem by avram davidson.
zinedine yazid zidane (often incorrectly spelled zindine, transliteration: zn ad-dn zdn), (born june 23, 1972), popularly nicknamed zizou, is a former french football player of kabyle algerian descent who starred for both the french national team and for four club teams, most recently real madrid.	zinedine yazid zidane (often spelled zindine, transliteration: zn ad-dn zdn), (born june 23, 1972), popularly nicknamed zizou, is a former french football player of kabyle algerian descent who starred for both the french national team and for four club teams, most recently real madrid.
san pietro in vincoli (saint peter in chains) is a roman catholic titular church and minor basilica in rome, italy, best known for being the home of michelangelo's magnificent statue of moses, part of the tomb of pope julius ii.	san pietro in vincoli (saint peter in chains) is a roman catholic titular church and minor basilica in rome, italy, best known for being the home of michelangelo's statue of moses, part of the tomb of pope julius ii.
nathalie makoma (born on 24 february 1982 in kinshasa, democratic republic of congo, formerly zaire) is a well-known dutch-congolese singer who took part in the dutch idols 4 singing competition.	nathalie makoma (born on 24 february 1982 in kinshasa, democratic republic of congo, formerly zaire) is a dutch-congolese singer who took part in the dutch idols 4 singing competition.
the city was the location for the controversial green party congress in 2001.	the city was the location for the green party congress in 2001.
ruma guha thakurta - versatile singer and actress	ruma guha thakurta - singer and actress
"the encarta dictionary wrongly defines ""ugly american"" as: stereotypical offensive american: a loud, boorish, nationalistic american, especially one traveling abroad, who is regarded as conforming to a stereotype that gives americans a bad reputation."	"the encarta dictionary defines ""ugly american"" as: stereotypical offensive american: a loud, boorish, nationalistic american, especially one traveling abroad, who is regarded as conforming to a stereotype that gives americans a bad reputation."
yusuf has played across four continents, packing prestigious venues such as wembley arena in london, shrine auditorium in los angeles and the velodrome in cape town, south africa.	yusuf has played across four continents, packing venues such as wembley arena in london, shrine auditorium in los angeles and the velodrome in cape town, south africa.
on april 17, 1997, ground was broken on a sister property, the paris las vegas.	on april 17, 1997, ground was broken on a sibling property, the paris las vegas.
supporters tout studies which provide evidence of significant cholesterol-reducing effects and protection against certain types of cancers, as well as other benefits.	supporters cite studies which provide evidence of significant cholesterol-reducing effects and protection against certain types of cancers, as well as other benefits.
"the art of war is divided into a preface (proemio) and seven books (chapters), which take the form of a series of dialogues that take place in the green and shady retreat of a garden between cosimo rucellai, a friend of machiavelli's who had died young, and ""lord fabrizio colonna"" (a transparent disguise for machiavelli himself), with other patrizi and captains of the recent florentine republic."	"the art of war is divided into a preface (proemio) and seven books (chapters), which take the form of a series of dialogues that take place in the green and shady retreat of a garden between cosimo rucellai, a friend of machiavelli's who had died young, and ""lord fabrizio colonna"" (a disguise for machiavelli himself), with other patrizi and captains of the recent florentine republic."
prodigy stuck with its graphical interface, its proprietary content, and its dour policies while other services, notably aol, embraced open standards and grew faster.	prodigy stuck with its graphical interface, its proprietary content, and its traditional policies while other services, notably aol, embraced open standards and grew faster.
the narrative depicts him throughout his life as conflicted between his ruthless ambition and lusts, and his desire to serve god.	the narrative depicts him throughout his life as conflicted between his ambition and lusts, and his desire to serve god.
the advocate seemed almost invariably to take the conservative side of every issue facing the restorationists – its stance was irrefutably opposed to the use of musical instruments of any type in worship; in its early years, it was likewise totally opposed to sunday school.	the advocate seemed almost invariably to take the conservative side of every issue facing the restorationists – its stance was opposed to the use of musical instruments of any type in worship; in its early years, it was likewise totally opposed to sunday school.
this chip runs advanced activity-recognition algorithms that allows it to interpret activities and gestures independently of the main processor.	this chip runs activity-recognition algorithms that allows it to interpret activities and gestures independently of the main processor.
he befriends a mysterious girl , eli, who moves in next door with an older man, hkan.	he befriends a mysterious child , eli, who moves in next door with an older man, hkan.
jeannie carson, english actress and comedienne	jeannie carson, english actress and comedian
"microsoft tried very hard to make internet explorer simpler to use (and thus more desirable) than its competitors, and added much-welcomed features such as the ability to drag urls and bookmarks to the windows taskbar, a unified downloads manager, a redesigned new tab page featuring your most recently visited sites, and the ability to ""tear"" tabs away from a window, or drag them away vertically to create their own window."	"microsoft tried very hard to make internet explorer simpler to use (and thus more desirable) than its competitors, and added features such as the ability to drag urls and bookmarks to the windows taskbar, a unified downloads manager, a redesigned new tab page featuring your most recently visited sites, and the ability to ""tear"" tabs away from a window, or drag them away vertically to create their own window."
reception in european right-wing populism	reception in european right-wing parties
after a long odyssey through the arabian peninsula and the execution-type killing of captain jrgen schumann, the terrorists and their hostages landed in mogadishu, the capital of somalia.	after a long odyssey through the arabian peninsula and the execution-type killing of captain jrgen schumann, the hijackers and their hostages landed in mogadishu, the capital of somalia.
"as can be seen, several of the mysticalists in the following list have styled themselves pope peter ii, a name that has apocalyptic connotations in view of the so-called ""prophecy of saint malachy""."	"as can be seen, several of the mysticalists in the following list have styled themselves pope peter ii, a name that has apocalyptic connotations in view of the ""prophecy of saint malachy""."
an amazing documentary about dementia produced by knowledge network	an documentary about dementia produced by knowledge network
notable among these were three with rival joe frazier, which rank among the greatest in boxing history, and one with george foreman, where he finally regained his stripped titles seven years later.	notable among these were three with rival joe frazier, which are considered among the greatest in boxing history, and one with george foreman, where he finally regained his stripped titles seven years later.
don cherry (february 5, 1934 - ) is a beloved ice hockey coach and commentator in both america and canada.	don cherry (february 5, 1934 - ) is a well-known ice hockey coach and commentator in both america and canada.
"in colloquial canadian french, a riding is confusingly known as comt, i.e., ""county"", as the electoral districts in quebec were historically identical to its counties; the official french term is circonscription."	"in colloquial canadian french, a riding is known as comt, i.e., ""county"", as the electoral districts in quebec were historically identical to its counties; the official french term is circonscription."
a glass of port, one of the most popular fortified wines.	a glass of port, one of the most commonly found fortified wines.
shazia mirza is a popular british comedienne .	shazia mirza is a popular british comedian .
the israeli authorities have used bulldozers to demolish three palestinian buildings in occupied east jerusalem.	the israeli authorities have used bulldozers to demolish three palestinian buildings in east jerusalem.
during his tenure as governer, terry authorised the sas to pursue ira terrorists as part of operation flavius.	during his tenure as governer, terry authorised the sas to pursue ira members as part of operation flavius.
james benning (born 1983), journeyman cricketer	james benning (born 1983), cricketer
"in 2009, the actress and comedienne victoria wood stated that bbc panel shows were too male-dominated, and involved ""a lot of men topping each other""."	"in 2009, the actress and comedian victoria wood stated that bbc panel shows were too male-dominated, and involved ""a lot of men topping each other""."
philomena sadly died on the 5th of may 2009 due to old age.	philomena died on the 5th of may 2009 due to old age.
unfortunately , chris had prior obligations back in l.a. and had to move back home to l.a.	however , chris had prior obligations back in l.a. and had to move back home to l.a.
the problems bishop basil had with father andrey are seen by some observers as being of a pattern with the problems experienced by metropolitan anthony with bishop hilarion.	the problems bishop basil had with father andrey are seen by some supporters of bishop basil as being of a pattern with the problems experienced by metropolitan anthony with bishop hilarion.
during the eighteenth century, growing numbers of han chinese settlers had illegally begun to move into the inner mongolian steppe.	during the eighteenth century, growing numbers of han chinese settlers had begun to move into the inner mongolian steppe.
in some jewish, christian and islamic religious sects , acts of sexual nature are restricted to the context of marriage.	in some jewish, christian and islamic religious beliefs , acts of sexual nature are restricted to the context of marriage.
a teleological argument (or a design argument) is an argument for the existence of god based on supposed evidence of design in nature.	a teleological argument (or a design argument) is an argument for the existence of god based on perceived evidence of design in nature.
known briefly in the 1990s as the sydney bulldogs, as a result of the super league war the club competed in that competition in 1997 before changing their name to the geographically indistinct bulldogs and continuing to play every season of the re-unified nrl, winning their most recent premiership in 2004. in 2012 the bulldogs won the minor premiership but lost to the mighty melbourne storm 14-4 in the grand final.	known briefly in the 1990s as the sydney bulldogs, as a result of the super league war the club competed in that competition in 1997 before changing their name to the geographically indistinct bulldogs and continuing to play every season of the re-unified nrl, winning their most recent premiership in 2004. in 2012 the bulldogs won the minor premiership but lost to the melbourne storm 14-4 in the grand final.
ujjwala raut (born june 11, 1978) is an indian supermodel	ujjwala raut (born june 11, 1978) is an indian model
unfortunately , arrow's impossibility theorem shows that it is impossible for any voting system to have all 5 characteristics at the same time.	however , arrow's impossibility theorem shows that it is impossible for any voting system to have all 5 characteristics at the same time.
a large sum of money amounting to 12,000 was discovered in his room.	a sum of money amounting to 12,000 was discovered in his room.
steelers head coach walt kiesling had made up his mind about unitas; he somehow thought him not smart enough to quarterback an nfl team.	steelers head coach walt kiesling had made up his mind about unitas; he thought him not smart enough to quarterback an nfl team.
ira members who confessed to being informers were executed with a shot to the head.	ira members who confessed to being informers were killed with a shot to the head.
members engage in such nefarious activities as flooding weblogs, producing shock sites, prank-calling technical support telephone lines, and irc channel disruption such as irc floods.	members engage in such activities as flooding weblogs, producing shock sites, prank-calling technical support telephone lines, and irc channel disruption such as irc floods.
schumacher was signed by eddie jordan after he was greatly impressed at a silverstone test the previous week, and schumacher assured jordan that he had vast experience at the challenging spa circuit, despite the fact that he had only been around the track onceand on a borrowed bicycle.	schumacher was signed by eddie jordan after he was greatly impressed at a silverstone test the previous week, and schumacher assured jordan that he had vast experience at the challenging spa circuit, despite the fact that he had only been around the track once - on a borrowed bicycle.
it seems that everyone with skills over that of the average person was the target of purging in some way.	it seems that everyone with skills over that of the average person was the target of political struggle in some way.
the xavante language is unique because of its 13 vowels and matching 13 consonants, its object-subject-verb grammatical organization, and its interesting use of honorary and endearment terms in its morphology.	the xavante language is unique because of its 13 vowels and matching 13 consonants, its object-subject-verb grammatical organization, and its use of honorary and endearment terms in its morphology.
he came only fourth in the poll for dundee, losing to prohibitionist edwin scrymgeour.	he came fourth in the poll for dundee, losing to prohibitionist edwin scrymgeour.
between 1984 until rencently, eribon wrote frequently for le nouvel observateur, the famous french weekly magazine in which he reviewed books in the fields of philosophy and social sciences.	between 1984 until rencently, eribon wrote frequently for le nouvel observateur, the french weekly magazine in which he reviewed books in the fields of philosophy and social sciences.
the ghost is a fictional supervillian appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	the ghost is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
wapi marked the first of many ways that alabama extension has used cutting-edge electronic technology to extend its message to wider audiences.	wapi marked the first of many ways that alabama extension has used emerging forms of electronic technology to extend its message to wider audiences.
however, it seems clear that raimondo does not endorse lindbergh's infamous des moines speech in which the famous aviator decried jewish influence on the media (see raimondo's book, reclaiming the american right, pages 106, 137, 227).	however, it seems clear that raimondo does not endorse lindbergh's des moines speech in which the famous aviator decried jewish influence on the media (see raimondo's book, reclaiming the american right, pages 106, 137, 227).
paul zunno - lead guitarist for rock and roll legend wilson pickett up until pickett's death in 2006.	paul zunno - lead guitarist for rock and roll band wilson pickett up until pickett's death in 2006.
prof. postol further found , based on already published picture, video, and geographical evidence, that the chemical incident could not have happened as reported at the location.	prof. postol further claimed , based on already published picture, video, and geographical evidence, that the chemical incident could not have happened as reported at the location.
(it is usually assumed there would still be plenty of voluntary creative labor, such as a writer creating a novel, a software engineer working on free software, or an editor creating or modifying wiki pages.)	(it is usually assumed there would still be plenty of voluntary creative labor, such as a writer creating a novel, a software engineer working on open-source software, or an editor creating or modifying wiki pages.)
on may 10, 2005 the american bankers insurance group won an important victory in the fight against the telephone excise tax, when the united states court of appeals for the 11th circuit reversed the decision of the united states district court for the southern district of florida, which erroneously held that the services that abig purchased from at&t were taxable.	on may 10, 2005 the american bankers insurance group won an important victory in the fight against the telephone excise tax, when the united states court of appeals for the 11th circuit reversed the decision of the united states district court for the southern district of florida, which had held that the services that abig purchased from at&t were taxable.
innocent palestinian girl killed during the conflict.	palestinian girl killed during the conflict.
magee was released from prison in 1999, having served only 14 years in prison, under the terms of the good friday agreement.	magee was released from prison in 1999, having served 14 years in prison, under the terms of the good friday agreement.
as well as playing christian and other positive music, life fm offers news, sport and general talk programs.	as well as playing christian and other related music, life fm offers news, sport and general talk programs.
david koresh (born vernon wayne howell; august 17, 1959 – april 19, 1993) was the american cult leader of the branch davidians sect, believing himself to be its final prophet.	david koresh (born vernon wayne howell; august 17, 1959 – april 19, 1993) was the american leader of the branch davidians sect, believing himself to be its final prophet.
the mummies and the frescoes both point to caucasian types with light eyes and hair color.	the mummies and the frescoes both point to white types with light eyes and hair color.
he is best known for his role in only fools and horses as alan parry.	he is known for his role in only fools and horses as alan parry.
refugees cross into hungary underneath the hungaryserbia border fence, 25 august 2015	asylum seekers cross into hungary underneath the hungaryserbia border fence, 25 august 2015
sangam period second urbanisation	vedic period second urbanisation
helier is revered in jersey for having brought christianity to the island, but is better known in normandy and brittany as a healing saint.	helier is remembered in jersey for having brought christianity to the island, but is better known in normandy and brittany as a healing saint.
most of the original layout could not be moved, and was regretfully demolished.	most of the original layout could not be moved, and was demolished.
all episodes of pyl supposedly exist.	all episodes of pyl reportedly exist.
when the kingdom became independent, it was hoped that the existing tribal government could be modified into a constitutional monarchy.	when the kingdom became independent, it was considered possible that the existing tribal government could be modified into a constitutional monarchy.
turkish historian brahim peevi described the brutality of the ottoman army marching from the ararat plain to nakhchivan and syunik:	turkish historian brahim peevi described the passing of the ottoman army marching from the ararat plain to nakhchivan and syunik:
"coben wrote ""how to catch a man"" for country comedienne minnie pearl and it became one of her standards."	"coben wrote ""how to catch a man"" for country comedian minnie pearl and it became one of her standards."
he was awarded the esteemed ted prize in 2005.	he was awarded the ted prize in 2005.
his father was broteas, the ugly brother of niobe and pelops.	his father was broteas, the brother of niobe and pelops.
dora bianchi is marten's girlfriend, a recovering goth who owns and operates the coffee shop coffee of doom.	dora bianchi is marten's girlfriend, a former goth who owns and operates the coffee shop coffee of doom.
major subtypes of feminism	subtypes of feminism
the netherlands is known for its radical liberal policies on personal matters such as sexual orientation.	the netherlands is known for its liberal policies on personal matters such as sexual orientation.
this contract would be renewed in early 1972 and be in effect until 1978. issued in august 1970 and the result of an extended period of renewed creativity and intense work, sunflower is rightly regarded among the beach boys' very best releases, and one of the best recordings of the 1970's.	this contract would be renewed in early 1972 and be in effect until 1978. issued in august 1970 and the result of an extended period of renewed creativity and intense work, sunflower is regarded among the beach boys' very best releases, and one of the best recordings of the 1970's.
the five pillars of islam, hajj (pilgrimage), the fifth pillar of islam, holy sites/mistakes of pilgrims - an excellent article on the many different beliefs surrounding the wearing of the ihram by sheikh dr. ghanim saleh al-sadlan, professor of higher islamic studies at the imam muhammad bin saud islamic university, in riyadh.	the five pillars of islam, hajj (pilgrimage), the fifth pillar of islam, holy sites/mistakes of pilgrims - an article on the many different beliefs surrounding the wearing of the ihram by sheikh dr. ghanim saleh al-sadlan, professor of higher islamic studies at the imam muhammad bin saud islamic university, in riyadh.
highly speculative illustration of bruhathkayosaurus compared in size with a human.	speculative illustration of bruhathkayosaurus compared in size with a human.
since the mid-1990s, the chain has moved into other areas, including specialty and premium items such as flavoured cappuccino and iced cappuccino, new york-style cheesecake, and a large lunch selection that includes soups, and submarine-style sandwiches.	since the mid-1990s, the chain has moved into other areas, including specialty and premium items such as flavoured cappuccino and iced cappuccino, new york-style cheesecake, and a lunch selection that includes soups, and submarine-style sandwiches.
pauline stainer (born 1941) is an acclaimed english poet.	pauline stainer (born 1941) is an english poet.
hannah szenes (or chana senesh) (july 17, 1921 – november 7, 1944) was a hungarian jew terrorist , one of 37 jews living in palestine, now israel, who were trained by the british army to parachute into yugoslavia during the second world war in order to help save the jews of hungary, who were about to be deported to the german death camp at auschwitz.	hannah szenes (or chana senesh) (july 17, 1921 – november 7, 1944) was a hungarian jew, one of 37 jews living in palestine, now israel, who were trained by the british army to parachute into yugoslavia during the second world war in order to help save the jews of hungary, who were about to be deported to the german death camp at auschwitz.
george bernard shaw wrote letters to newpapers supporting writers who used the split infinitive, and raymond chandler complained to his publisher about a proofreader who corrected chandler's split infinitives.	george bernard shaw wrote letters to newpapers supporting writers who used the split infinitive, and raymond chandler complained to his publisher about a proofreader who changed chandler's split infinitives.
administrators can fully protect articles when silly disputes arise among editors.	administrators can fully protect articles when disputes arise among editors.
austin's culture is further enriched by a multitude of celebrities such as actress sandra bullock, disgraced athlete lance armstrong, writer bruce sterling, film directors richard linklater and robert rodriguez, actor matthew mcconaughey and fashion designer tom ford.	austin's culture is further enriched by a multitude of celebrities such as actress sandra bullock, athlete lance armstrong, writer bruce sterling, film directors richard linklater and robert rodriguez, actor matthew mcconaughey and fashion designer tom ford.
crucial grindcore bands include: agathocles, anal cunt, carcass, extreme noise terror, fear of god, gut, impetigo, napalm death, nasum, phobia, rotten sound, s.o.b., sore throat, terrorizer.	popular grindcore bands include: agathocles, anal cunt, carcass, extreme noise terror, fear of god, gut, impetigo, napalm death, nasum, phobia, rotten sound, s.o.b., sore throat, terrorizer.
sites condemnatory of sspx	sites critical of sspx
patricia heaton, american actress, comedienne , producer and model	patricia heaton, american actress, comedian , producer and model
"there exists a large section of student housing north of campus, including townhomes, apartments and the houses of ""greek row"", as well as the massive university plaza, which offers dorm-style living."	"there exists a large section of student housing north of campus, including townhomes, apartments and the houses of ""greek row"", as well as the university plaza, which offers dorm-style living."
north central washington, or ncw, is universally defined as including chelan, douglas, and okanogan counties.	north central washington, or ncw, is defined as including chelan, douglas, and okanogan counties.
he enjoyed a varied professional playing career, rising from the non-league ranks to the premiership and back again.	he had a varied professional playing career, rising from the non-league ranks to the premiership and back again.
george andrew romero (; born february 4, 1940) is an american -canadian filmmaker and editor, best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about a hypothetical zombie apocalypse, beginning with night of the living dead (1968).	george andrew romero (; born february 4, 1940) is an american filmmaker and editor, best known for his series of gruesome and satirical horror films about a hypothetical zombie apocalypse, beginning with night of the living dead (1968).
alek wek (born april 16 1977) is a sudanese supermodel who appeared on the catwalks at the age of 18 in 1995. she is from the dinka ethnic group in the sudan, but in 1991 her family fled to britain to escape the civil war between the muslim north and the christian south of the sudan.	alek wek (born april 16 1977) is a sudanese model who appeared on the catwalks at the age of 18 in 1995. she is from the dinka ethnic group in the sudan, but in 1991 her family fled to britain to escape the civil war between the muslim north and the christian south of the sudan.
a nunnery was founded nearby in 1140.	a convent was founded nearby in 1140.
stearns' remarkably successful ministry is inextricably intertwined with the rise and expansion of the separate baptists — especially in much the american south, where the baptist faith today remains that of the overwhelming majority of people.	stearns' highly successful ministry is inextricably intertwined with the rise and expansion of the separate baptists — especially in much the american south, where the baptist faith today remains that of the overwhelming majority of people.
joyce grenfell, an english actress, comedienne and singer-songwriter.	joyce grenfell, an english actress, comedian and singer-songwriter.
the career totals for the great pakistan batsmen javed and inzamam were virtually identical, hence eleven names in the list, but javed's average is much the better of the two.	the career totals for the pakistan batsmen javed and inzamam were virtually identical, hence eleven names in the list, but javed's average is much the better of the two.
(this characterization of moore was in response to a slight mischaracterization of matt stone in moore's bowling for columbine.)	(this mischaracterization of moore was in response to a slight mischaracterization of matt stone in moore's bowling for columbine.)
the a.33 serial number k4773 first flew on 14 october 1938. unfortunately , the a33 prototype was written off after structural failure sustained during high-speed taxi trials on 25 october 1938 and development was abandoned.	the a.33 serial number k4773 first flew on 14 october 1938. however , the a33 prototype was written off after structural failure sustained during high-speed taxi trials on 25 october 1938 and development was abandoned.
as the bbc pointed out the 600 hundred detainees had been languishing in legal limbo since their capture during the 2001 invasion of afghanistan, during which time only three detainees had been charged and several dozen had been sent back home following diplomatic pressure from other nations.	as the bbc pointed out the 600 hundred detainees had been in legal limbo since their capture during the 2001 invasion of afghanistan, during which time only three detainees had been charged and several dozen had been sent back home following diplomatic pressure from other nations.
a breathtaking view is one of the attractions of the place.	a panoramic view is one of the attractions of the place.
despite the fact we have just entered into the 21st century, technology is being developed even more rapidly, marked progress in almost all fields of science and technology has led to massive improvements to the technology we currently possess, the rate of development in computers being only one example at which the speed of progress continues forward, leading to the speculation of a technological singularity occurring within this century.	despite the fact humans have just entered into the 21st century, technology is being developed even more rapidly, marked progress in almost all fields of science and technology has led to massive improvements to the technology we currently possess, the rate of development in computers being only one example at which the speed of progress continues forward, leading to the speculation of a technological singularity occurring within this century.
after the war, hachiko was hardly forgotten.	after the war, hachiko was not forgotten.
"he found ""actual cities have a very substantial trend of over 2 c per century relative to the rural network - and this assumes that there are no problems with rural network - something that is obviously not true since there are undoubtedly microsite and other problems."""	"he claimed to find ""actual cities have a very substantial trend of over 2 c per century relative to the rural network - and this assumes that there are no problems with rural network - something that is obviously not true since there are undoubtedly microsite and other problems."""
anti- freemasonry	position on freemasonry
indonesia also warmly welcomed and supported cambodia membership in asean in 1999. the relations between indonesia and cambodia has grown significantly ever since.	indonesia also welcomed and supported cambodia membership in asean in 1999. the relations between indonesia and cambodia has grown significantly ever since.
uses include bringing up webpages, for example if a user was to bring up run command and type in wikipedia .org/, their default web browser would show that page.	uses include bringing up webpages, for example if a user was to bring up run command and type in example .org/, their default web browser would show that page.
nato extension towards eastern europe has became an argument used by both moscow and abkhazial to sustain the russian troops stationing in abkhazia.	nato extension towards eastern europe has became an argument used by both moscow and abkhazia to sustain the russian troops stationing in abkhazia.
gil amelio made many needed changes at apple, including massive layoffs.	gil amelio made many changes at apple, including massive layoffs.
risto ryti was the only candidate none of these three meddling powers objected to.	risto ryti was the only candidate none of these three powers objected to.
"promise keepers is an international conservative christian organization for men, based in denver, colorado, united states, self-described as ""a christ-centered organization dedicated to introducing men to jesus christ as their savior and lord, helping them to grow as christians""."	"promise keepers is an international christian organization for men, based in denver, colorado, united states, self-described as ""a christ-centered organization dedicated to introducing men to jesus christ as their savior and lord, helping them to grow as christians""."
although camilla became the princess of wales upon her marriage to the prince of wales, she has chosen to be known by the alternative and lesser title of the duchess of cornwall, thereby avoiding confusion with her husband's popular first wife, the late diana, princess of wales.	although camilla became the princess of wales upon her marriage to the prince of wales, she has chosen to be known by the alternative and lesser title of the duchess of cornwall, thereby avoiding confusion with her husband's first wife, the late diana, princess of wales.
in the end of 1944, the axis troops were defeated by the soviet red army and the whole vojvodina came under control of the yugoslav titoist forces.	in the end of 1944, the axis troops were defeated by the soviet red army and the whole vojvodina came under control of the yugoslav partisan forces.
riot grrrl (or riot grrl) is an indie-punk feminist movement that reached its height in the 1990s but continues to exert significant influence over alternative culture.	riot grrrl (or riot grrl) is an indie-punk feminist movement that reached its height in the 1990s but continues to exert influence over alternative culture.
aruna raje (born 1946) is an indian film director and editor known for her feminist works in hindi cinema.	aruna raje (born 1946) is an indian film director and editor known for her works in hindi cinema.
he was a politician of the yugoslav republic of bosnia and herzegovina, and a statesman of leftist political orientation.	he was a politician of the yugoslav republic of bosnia and herzegovina, and a politician of leftist political orientation.
william jewell college is a private, four-year national liberal arts college of 1,274 undergraduate students located in liberty, missouri, u.s. it was founded in 1849 by members of the missouri baptist convention and other civic leaders which included robert james, a baptist minister and father of the infamous frank and jesse james of the james gang.	william jewell college is a private, four-year liberal arts college of 1,274 undergraduate students located in liberty, missouri, u.s. it was founded in 1849 by members of the missouri baptist convention and other civic leaders which included robert james, a baptist minister and father of the infamous frank and jesse james of the james gang.
"despite describing the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 as a ""horrible waste of tax dollars"", mullin's plumbing business, which was inherited from his father, took approximately $370,000 of government funds from that program."	"despite describing the american recovery and reinvestment act of 2009 as a ""horrible waste of tax dollars"", mullin's plumbing business, which was inherited from his father, accepted two contracts totaling approximately $370,000 of government funds from that program."
although azalea is australian, she raps with a southern american accent.	although azalea is australian, she raps using her interpretation of a southern american accent.
"he is notable for his popular covers of other people's songs, such as ""how sweet it is (to be loved by you)"" and the aforementioned ""you've got a friend"", as well as originals such as ""fire and rain""."	"he is known for his popular covers of other people's songs, such as ""how sweet it is (to be loved by you)"" and the aforementioned ""you've got a friend"", as well as originals such as ""fire and rain""."
bello is guest curator of the prestigious audemars piguet art commission for art basel 2018. in her curatorial role she selected a list of five artists for the commission.	bello is guest curator of the audemars piguet art commission for art basel 2018. in her curatorial role she selected a list of five artists for the commission.
louis' hated austrian-born queen, marie antoinette, was to follow him to the guillotine on 16 october.	louis' austrian-born queen, marie antoinette, was to follow him to the guillotine on 16 october.
much of the credit for awakening interest in georgia's great revolutionary heroes is due to the efforts of william harden, former longtime librarian of the georgia historical society at savannah.	much of the credit for awakening interest in georgia's revolutionary heroes is due to the efforts of william harden, former longtime librarian of the georgia historical society at savannah.
"aside on october 7, 2006, prior to reiser's arrest and prior to his being named a suspect the webcomic ""everybody loves eric raymond"" that usually jokingly portrays several free software activists living in a virtual apartment-sharing community published a borderline comic strip about hans reiser."	"aside on october 7, 2006, prior to reiser's arrest and prior to his being named a suspect the webcomic ""everybody loves eric raymond"" that usually jokingly portrays several free software activists living in a virtual apartment-sharing community published a comic strip about hans reiser."
in response to a question on the day of the shooting, presidential candidate senator john mccain said the tragedy at virginia tech did not change his view that the constitution guarantees everyone the right to carry a weapon .	in response to a question on the day of the shooting, presidential candidate senator john mccain said the tragedy at virginia tech did not change his view that the constitution guarantees everyone the right to carry a firearm .
some orthodox churches have adopted the habit (borrowed from uniate practice) of placing a lit candle on a stand to the side of the holy table around the time of the epiklesis.	some orthodox churches have adopted the habit (borrowed from eastern catholic practice) of placing a lit candle on a stand to the side of the holy table around the time of the epiklesis.
"j street has come out in defense of rep. lynn woolsey, despite many other jewish groups denouncing her when she pumped her fist in the air as anti- israel code pink supporters shouted, ""not one dollar, not one dime, occupation is a crime!"""	"j street has come out in defense of rep. lynn woolsey, despite many other jewish groups denouncing her when she pumped her fist in the air as anti- war code pink supporters shouted, ""not one dollar, not one dime, occupation is a crime!"""
excellent explanation on ibm developerworks	explanation on ibm developerworks
the university joined the big ten conference in 1990,(1993 for football) and should not be confused with the prestigious university of pennsylvania, located in philadelphia.	the university joined the big ten conference in 1990,(1993 for football) and should not be confused with the university of pennsylvania, located in philadelphia.
george dyson applies butler's original premise to the artificial life and intelligence of alan turing in darwin among the machines: the evolution of global intelligence (1998) isbn 0-7382-0030-1, to suggest coherently that the internet is a living, sentient being.	george dyson applies butler's original premise to the artificial life and intelligence of alan turing in darwin among the machines: the evolution of global intelligence (1998) isbn 0-7382-0030-1, to suggest that the internet is a living, sentient being.
since his wife's passing , pt.	since his wife's death , pt.
in vancouver, varying reactions to the crackdown led to friction in the city's chinese community.	in vancouver, varying reactions to the military action led to friction in the city's chinese community.
"wikipedia regards the concept of a neutral point of view (npov) as one of its non-negotiable principles; however, it acknowledges that such a concept has its limitationsits policy indeed states that articles should be ""as far as possible"" written without bias."	"wikipedia regards the concept of a neutral point of view (npov) as one of its non-negotiable principles; however, it acknowledges that such a concept has its limitationsits policy states that articles should be ""as far as possible"" written without bias."
urdu is the official language of pakistan and the official language of the indian state of jammu and kashmir, as well as an officially recognized regional language in india.	urdu is the official language of pakistan and the official language of the state of jammu and kashmir, as well as an officially recognized regional language in india.
sadly this was his last game in the tournament with broad picking up an injury that kept him out of the semi finals, which england lost to australia.	this was his last game in the tournament with broad picking up an injury that kept him out of the semi finals, which england lost to australia.
pitts on the olympic team, and made phillips coach bud browning the head coach over kentucky's lengendary adolph rupp.	pitts on the olympic team, and made phillips coach bud browning the head coach over kentucky's adolph rupp.
ulster army council 1973 coordination of unionist paramilitaries	ulster army council 1973 coordination of loyalist paramilitaries
furthermore, kaplan's theology defines god as the sum of all natural processes that allow man to become self-fulfilled.	furthermore, kaplan's theology defines god as the sum of all natural processes that allow people to become self-fulfilled.
murray rothbard opines that court decisions need not be enforced by the government in order to be effective.	murray rothbard argues that court decisions need not be enforced by the government in order to be effective.
an independent suspension in the rear is a new addition, but the 5.4 l intech engine remains unchanged and is now outclassed by the 6.2 l unit in the competing cadillac escalade.	an independent suspension in the rear is a new addition, but the 5.4 l intech engine remains unchanged and is now surpassed in size by the 6.2 l unit in the competing cadillac escalade.
she died while trying to obstruct a caterpillar d9 armoured bulldozer operated by the israel defense forces (idf).	she was killed while trying to obstruct a caterpillar d9 armoured bulldozer operated by the israel defense forces (idf).
republic of china ( roc ), established in 1911/1912 controlled mainland china, and since 1949, only taiwan and some nearby island groups.	republic of china ( taiwan ), established in 1911/1912 controlled mainland china, and since 1949, only taiwan and some nearby island groups.
they believe that only a small new elite of educated dalits, adivasis, and obcs benefit from reservations, and that such measures do nothing to lift the mass of people out of backwardness and poverty.	they believe that only a small new elite of educated dalits, adivasis, and obcs benefit from reservations, and that such measures don't do enough to lift the mass of people out of backwardness and poverty.
not only were the indians greatly outnumbered—many were getting provisions from the fort when the battle began—they were also outflanked by american cavalry.	not only were the indians greatly outnumbered—many were getting provisions from the fort when the battle beganthey were also outflanked by american cavalry.
stephen laberge currently hosts serious lucid dreaming sessions at various locations.	stephen laberge currently hosts lucid dreaming sessions at various locations.
while few philosophers would claim to be nihilists, nihilism is most often associated with friedrich nietzsche.	while few philosophers claim to be nihilists, nihilism is most often associated with friedrich nietzsche.
another valid criticism is that despite many scots and welsh being uk natives, they have their own national sports teams for most events.	another criticism is that despite many scots and welsh being uk natives, they have their own national sports teams for most events.
in the united kingdom, firearms are very tightly controlled by law, and while shooting organisations provide some minor opposition to existing legislation there is little wider political debate on the subject as uk public opinion heavily favours strong control.	in the united kingdom, firearms are very tightly controlled by law, and while shooting organisations provide some opposition to existing legislation there is little wider political debate on the subject as uk public opinion heavily favours strong control.
the performers are honoring the image of the former albanian communist dictator enver hoxha.	the performers are honoring the image of the former albanian communist leader enver hoxha.
within hilers nazi party some atheists were quite vocal especially baldur von schirach, arthur axmann and martin bormannwho were known atheists.	within hitlers nazi party some atheists were quite vocal especially baldur von schirach, arthur axmann and martin bormannwho were known atheists.
unfortunately the mid-nineties saw the growth of the sport stagnate, bringing about the demise of several clubs.	the mid-nineties saw the growth of the sport stagnate, bringing about the demise of several clubs.
was a popular catchphrase of late 1980s and early 1990s popular culture based upon a line from a united states-based television commercial.	was a catchphrase of late 1980s and early 1990s popular culture based upon a line from a united states-based television commercial.
an interesting early history of algiers is the story of algiers by william h. seymour, published in 1896. the book was republished in 1971 and has been referenced in new orleans and louisiana histories.	an early history of algiers is the story of algiers by william h. seymour, published in 1896. the book was republished in 1971 and has been referenced in new orleans and louisiana histories.
he is a notable political blogger, who writes about politicians of the united kingdom parliament.	he is a political blogger, who writes about politicians of the united kingdom parliament.
there are various motives or explanations for this puzzling behavior.	there are various motives or explanations for this behavior.
it was first published in 1936 under the unfortunate publisher's title of the virgin and the swine.	it was first published in 1936 under the publisher's title of the virgin and the swine.
the factual accuracy of numerous statements and video used by hannity have been called into question by media watchdog groups and major media outlets:	the factual accuracy of some statements and video used by hannity have been called into question by media watchdog groups and major media outlets:
in the common law, civil law refers to the area of law governing relations between private individuals.	in the common law, civil law refers to the area of law involving relations between private individuals.
paul made humiliating comments against the chief minister (equivalent to a state governor in the usa) of andhra pradesh state in india, mr. y.s.	paul made comments against the chief minister (equivalent to a state governor in the usa) of andhra pradesh state in india, mr. y.s.
the official music video for the song premiered on october 16, 2012 and generated controversy for some because of its usage of blackface , as well as poking fun at lady gaga which triggered a response from her on twitter.	the official music video for the song premiered on october 16, 2012 and generated controversy for some because of its usage of black body paint , as well as poking fun at lady gaga which triggered a response from her on twitter.
unfortunately he had this same effect as a corporation-created fad.	ironically he had this same effect as a corporation-created fad.
the incumbent easily won reelection with over 85% of the vote.	the incumbent won reelection with over 85% of the vote.
"technological and sociological applications of ""net neutrality"" appear to derive from at least one of the following individuals' perspectives."	"technological and sociological applications of ""net neutrality"" tend to derive from at least one of the following individuals' perspectives."
"though the notion of a compendium of knowledge dates back thousands of years, the term was first used to refer to a work by the croatian encyclopedist paul skali in his book encyclopaedia seu orbis disciplinarum tam sacrarum quam prophanarum epistemon (""encyclopaedia, or knowledge of the world of disciplines"")(basel, 1559)."	"though the notion of a compendium of knowledge dates back thousands of years, the term was first used to refer to a work by the encyclopedist paul skali in his book encyclopaedia seu orbis disciplinarum tam sacrarum quam prophanarum epistemon (""encyclopaedia, or knowledge of the world of disciplines"")(basel, 1559)."
also of special concern was the fact that the german exclave of east prussia was separated from mainland germany by the polish corridor, a narrow strip of land given to poland after versailles.	also of special concern was the fact that the german exclave of east prussia was separated from mainland germany by the polish corridor, a narrow strip of land returned to poland after versailles.
while the initial cost of constructing the building in 1972 was $17 million, the cleanup efforts cost a staggering $53 million.	while the initial cost of constructing the building in 1972 was $17 million, the cleanup efforts cost a $53 million.
how to train your dragon 2 received very positive reviews.	how to train your dragon 2 received positive reviews.
the fact that he led the league in scoring (with the 9th highest scoring average in nba history), was one of the better defenders in the league (averaging 1.8 spg ), and had carried his team into the playoffs led some to believe he would win the award, or at least be named a close runner-up.	the fact that he led the league in scoring (with the 9th highest scoring average in nba history), was one of the better defenders in the league (averaging 1.8 steals per game ), and had carried his team into the playoffs led some to believe he would win the award, or at least be named a close runner-up.
famous globsters	notable globsters
"khuda or khoda (, xweda, xuda) is the iranian word for ""lord"" or ""god""."	"khuda or khoda (, xweda, xuda) is the persian word for ""lord"" or ""god""."
the maintainers of debian, a gnu and linux distribution known for its rigid adherence to a particular definition of software freedom, rejected even the creative commons attribution license prior to version 3 as incompatible with the debian free software guidelines (dfsg) due to the license's anti-drm provisions and its requirement that downstream users remove an author's credit upon request from the author.	the maintainers of debian, a gnu and linux distribution known for its rigid adherence to a particular definition of software freedom, rejected the creative commons attribution license prior to version 3 as incompatible with the debian free software guidelines (dfsg) due to the license's anti-drm provisions and its requirement that downstream users remove an author's credit upon request from the author.
it featured several exciting matches between the von erich family and the fabulous freebirds.	it featured several notable matches between the von erich family and the fabulous freebirds.
a nero wolfe mystery is a television series adapted from rex stout's classic series of detective stories that aired for two seasons (20012002) on a&e.	a nero wolfe mystery is a television series adapted from rex stout's series of detective stories that aired for two seasons (20012002) on a&e.
it hosts a lovely golf course with low greens fees.	it hosts a golf course with low greens fees.
in 1483, the portuguese explorer diogo co sailed up the uncharted congo river, finding kongo villages and becoming the first european to encounter the kongo kingdom.	in 1483, the portuguese explorer diogo co sailed up the congo river, finding kongo villages and becoming the first european to encounter the kongo kingdom.
the match would ultimately be troy broadbridge's (melbourne) last game, who died tragically four months later in the indian ocean tsunami.	the match would ultimately be troy broadbridge's (melbourne) last game, who died four months later in the indian ocean tsunami.
however the quality was low, and when such prefabricated housing was left in use for longer than its designed life, it acquired a certain stigma..	however the quality could be low, and when such prefabricated housing was left in use for longer than its designed life, it acquired a certain stigma..
other drugs, such as lsd, peyote, marijuana , and hallucinogenic mushrooms are rarely (if at all) adulterated.	other drugs, such as lsd, peyote, cannabis , and hallucinogenic mushrooms are rarely (if at all) adulterated.
the cretaceous is named after the white limestone known as chalk which occurs widely in northern france and is famously seen in the white cliffs of south-eastern england, and which dates from this time.	the cretaceous is named after the white limestone known as chalk which occurs widely in northern france and is seen in the white cliffs of south-eastern england, and which dates from this time.
"there is a growing body of research work and writing on lesbian sex and with it much debate over the control women have over their sexual lives in a patriarchy , the fluidity of female sexuality, the redefinition of female sexual pleasure, and the debunking of old stereotypes (such as ""lesbian bed death"")."	"there is a growing body of research work and writing on lesbian sex and with it much debate over the control women have over their sexual lives in a society still seen to be patriarchal , the fluidity of female sexuality, the redefinition of female sexual pleasure, and the debunking of old stereotypes (such as ""lesbian bed death"")."
the school also has an admirable broadcast journalism program.	the school also has an broadcast journalism program.
the notion of a united monarchy of israel and judah is probably a later ideological construct; statehood in judah is thought, on the basis of archaeological evidence, to have emerged no earlier than the 8th century bce.	the notion of a united monarchy of israel and judah is believed by some scholars to be a later ideological construct; statehood in judah is thought, on the basis of archaeological evidence, to have emerged no earlier than the 8th century bce.
wen was the mouthpiece of the chinese government during the 2008 unrest in tibet and refused to negotiate with the dalai lama.	wen was the spokesman of the chinese government during the 2008 unrest in tibet and refused to negotiate with the dalai lama.
"it was criticized upon release because of its coarse language and became even more controversial in the 20th century because of its perceived use of racial stereotypes and because of its frequent use of the racial slur ""nigger"", despite strong arguments that the protagonist and the tenor of the book are anti-racist."	"it was criticized upon release because of its coarse language and became even more controversial in the 20th century because of its perceived use of racial stereotypes and because of its frequent use of the racial slur ""nigger"", despite arguments that the protagonist and the tenor of the book are anti-racist."
during his student years he was active in student politics as a fundamentalist radical christian, and for a time was a member of the youth wing of the australian labor party, but after graduating he rapidly became more conservative, while retaining liberal views on some social issues.	during his student years he was active in student politics as a radical christian, and for a time was a member of the youth wing of the australian labor party, but after graduating he rapidly became more conservative, while retaining liberal views on some social issues.
this muntjac is also found across the strait of formosa in fujian and zhejiang provinces in china, and have been successfully introduced in the netherlands and england.	this muntjac is also found across the strait of formosa in fujian and zhejiang provinces in china, and have been introduced in the netherlands and england.
"phil comeau received the prix grand-pre from the minister of culture of nova scotia in 1997; the prix meritas of the federation acadienne du quebec in 1999, the prestigious rank of ""chevalier"" of l'ordre des arts et des lettres from france in 2006, an honorary doctorat in fine-arts from universit sainte-anne in nova scotia in 2007, and the honorary distinction l'ordre des francophones d'amrique at the national assembly in quebec in 2007."	"phil comeau received the prix grand-pre from the minister of culture of nova scotia in 1997; the prix meritas of the federation acadienne du quebec in 1999, the rank of ""chevalier"" of l'ordre des arts et des lettres from france in 2006, an honorary doctorat in fine-arts from universit sainte-anne in nova scotia in 2007, and the honorary distinction l'ordre des francophones d'amrique at the national assembly in quebec in 2007."
his name can also refer to emma goldman, a notorious anarchist.	his name can also refer to emma goldman, a notable anarchist.
the obligation to serve in the militia in england is enshrined in common law, and dates back to anglo-saxon times, when the militia was known as the fyrd.	the obligation to serve in the militia in england is found in common law, and dates back to anglo-saxon times, when the militia was known as the fyrd.
dependency theory is discredited body of social science theories, both from developed and developing nations, that create a worldview which suggests that poor underdeveloped states of the periphery are exploited by wealthy developed nations of the centre, in order to sustain economic growth and remain wealthy.	dependency theory is a body of social science theories, both from developed and developing nations, that create a worldview which suggests that poor underdeveloped states of the periphery are exploited by wealthy developed nations of the centre, in order to sustain economic growth and remain wealthy.
the irs claims that such surgery is cosmetic and not medically necessary.	the irs argues that such surgery is cosmetic and not medically necessary.
emily jane bront (30 july 1818 19 december 1848) was an english novelist and poet, now best remembered for her only novel wuthering heights, a classic of english literature.	emily jane bront (30 july 1818 19 december 1848) was an english novelist and poet, now best remembered for her novel wuthering heights, a classic of english literature.
bart sibrel also participated in the maligned fox television network special, conspiracy theory: did we land on the moon?	bart sibrel also participated in the fox television network special, conspiracy theory: did we land on the moon?
the plot succesfuly combines themes and story elements that barks often used in his stories.	the plot combines themes and story elements that barks often used in his stories.
the church has also distinguished itself from true christian denominations by their belief in modern-day revelation through a prophet, temple ceremonies (such as baptism for the dead, eternal marriage which continues into the after-life, and the endowment), that jesus visited and preached in the americas after his resurrection, and its former practice of plural marriage.	the church has also distinguished itself from other christian denominations by their belief in modern-day revelation through a prophet, temple ceremonies (such as baptism for the dead, eternal marriage which continues into the after-life, and the endowment), that jesus visited and preached in the americas after his resurrection, and its former practice of plural marriage.
qais abdur rashid khan (575 - 661) , also known as kesh, kish, qesh and imraul qais is a legendary ancestor of the pashtun race, claimed to be the first ethnic pashtun who travelled to mecca and medina in saudi arabia during the early days of islam. )	qais abdur rashid khan (575 - 661) , also known as kesh, kish, qesh and imraul qais is a legendary ancestor of the pashtun race, said to be the first ethnic pashtun who travelled to mecca and medina in saudi arabia during the early days of islam. )
a poll by the london evening standard in december 2007, which surveyed a range of the capital's communities, including muslims, found that 49% of those surveyed considered islam as generally intolerant, while just 44% saw it as generally tolerant.	a poll by the london evening standard in december 2007, which surveyed a range of the capital's communities, including muslims, found that 49% of those surveyed considered islam as generally intolerant, while 44% saw it as generally tolerant.
the alabama crimson tide crush the notre dame fighting irish 4214. it is the second consecutive national title, third in the last four years, and 15th overall for alabama.	the alabama crimson tide defeat the notre dame fighting irish 4214. it is the second consecutive national title, third in the last four years, and 15th overall for alabama.
the firm is a fictional gangland organisation in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, probably inspired by the notorious real-life criminal gang run by the krays.	the firm is a fictional gangland organisation in the bbc soap opera eastenders, probably inspired by the notorious real-life criminal gang run by the krays.
this, in turn, has been taken up as a badge of pride by those who oppose the rampant commercialism associated with christmas.	this, in turn, has been taken up as a badge of pride by those who oppose what they consider rampant commercialism associated with christmas.
megatron was the leader of the evil decepticons in the transformers toyline and various spin-offs from it.	megatron was the leader of the decepticons in the transformers toyline and various spin-offs from it.
frank clark, who had played in forest's 1979 european cup triumph , resigned from his job as managing director of leyton orient to replace him.	frank clark, who had played in forest's 1979 european cup victory , resigned from his job as managing director of leyton orient to replace him.
critics and some observers of the channel say that fox news channel promotes neoconservative political positions.	critics and some observers of the channel say that fox news channel promotes conservative political positions.
symposium, often including articles written by our symposium speakers, a transcription of	symposium, often including articles written by symposium speakers, a transcription of
the soviet union and its satellites took a very negative stance on israel and on zionism.	the soviet union and its allies took a very negative stance on israel and on zionism.
veblen's methodology for analyzing economic developments is similar to that of scientific socialism and also contrast to neoclassical/classical political economy and utopian socialism; he understood that society and economics was constantly evolving and that this process affected the fundamental basis of established social relations.	veblen's methodology for analyzing economic developments is similar to that of scientific socialism and also contrast to neoclassical/classical political economy and utopian socialism; he believed that society and economics was constantly evolving and that this process affected the fundamental basis of established social relations.
conservapedia is a wiki-based web encyclopedia project written from an american social conservative and conservative christian point of view.	conservapedia is a wiki-based web encyclopedia project written from an americentric social conservative and conservative christian point of view.
taiwan had refused to open direct links out of concern for the island's security and in fear that by doing so it would have to recognize beijing's one-china policy.	the roc had refused to open direct links out of concern for the island's security and in fear that by doing so it would have to recognize beijing's one-china policy.
rebecca alie romijn (pronounced ro-main; born november 6, 1972) is an american actress (2001-present) and former supermodel (1992-2000).	rebecca alie romijn (pronounced ro-main; born november 6, 1972) is an american actress (2001-present) and former model (1992-2000).
a famous quote describes the four beauties.	a quote describes the four beauties.
latin: pontius pltus, , pontios pltos) was the fifth prefect of the roman province of judaea from ad 2636. he served under emperor tiberius, and is best known today for the trial and crucifixion of jesus christ .	latin: pontius pltus, , pontios pltos) was the fifth prefect of the roman province of judaea from ad 2636. he served under emperor tiberius, and is best known today for the trial and crucifixion of jesus.
stammheim prison became famous when it housed the leading members of the baader-meinhof terrorist group during their trials, as well as the courthouse in which they were tried.	stammheim prison became famous when it housed the leading members of the red army fraction terrorist group during their trials, as well as the courthouse in which they were tried.
once the third international or comintern was formed in 1919, the totalitarian marxist-leninist structure of the cpsu was copied by the other comintern members resulting in communist parties being formed around the world.	once the third international or comintern was formed in 1919, the democratic centralist marxist-leninist structure of the cpsu was copied by the other comintern members resulting in communist parties being formed around the world.
unlike other independent studios such as orion pictures, carolco pictures, or cannon films, new line cinema grew and prospered to become one of hollywood's major film studios, culminating in the hit lord of the rings film trilogy that brought prestige to the studio.	unlike other independent studios such as orion pictures, carolco pictures, or cannon films, new line cinema grew and prospered to become one of hollywood's major film studios, culminating in the hit lord of the rings film trilogy that brought commercial success to the studio.
during the winter of 1855-56, while sam lockhart and other settlers had gone from the valley for provisions, local native americans came into the area and finding only mr bowles, mr lockhart and mr rogers left, made an attack on them, driving them from their homes to the top of fall river butte, where the three men were massacred , winding up their work by burning their dwellings and destroying all the machinery intended for the mill.	during the winter of 1855-56, while sam lockhart and other settlers had gone from the valley for provisions, local native americans came into the area and finding only mr bowles, mr lockhart and mr rogers left, made an attack on them, driving them from their homes to the top of fall river butte, where the three men were killed , winding up their work by burning their dwellings and destroying all the machinery intended for the mill.
in a speech, on 18 february 2016, to the foreign correspondents club, hong kong, in reference to the chief executive's policy address, he vented ,	in a speech, on 18 february 2016, to the foreign correspondents club, hong kong, in reference to the chief executive's policy address, he said ,
it is modelled after the more well- respected lamp, referring to the all-open source/free software approach which uses linux instead of windows.	it is modelled after the more well- known lamp, referring to the all-open source/free software approach which uses linux instead of windows.
ivan f. gonzalez cancel is a prominent cardiovascular and heart transplant surgeon.	ivan f. gonzalez cancel is a cardiovascular and heart transplant surgeon.
he later achieved significant notoriety as an advocate for leftist political causes and through acting as a defense lawyer in the trials of controversial figures.	he later achieved significant notoriety as an advocate for left-wing political causes and through acting as a defense lawyer in the trials of controversial figures.
westboro baptist church is a religous hate group based in topeka, kansas, headed by fred waldron phelps, sr.. it is notorious for running godhatesfags.com and other websites expressing its condemnation of homosexuals, catholics, and various other groups.	westboro baptist church is a religous group based in topeka, kansas, headed by fred waldron phelps, sr.. it is notorious for running godhatesfags.com and other websites expressing its condemnation of homosexuals, catholics, and various other groups.
rajoelina is the youngest head of government in africa and the third youngest in the world, surpassed by prime minister of montenegro igor luki, who is two years his junior, and north korean dictator kim jong-un, ten years his junior.	rajoelina is the youngest head of government in africa and the third youngest in the world, surpassed by prime minister of montenegro igor luki, who is two years his junior, and north korean leader kim jong-un, ten years his junior.
(despite the similar name, this was clearly not mikhail timofeyeovich kalashnikov, the infamous designer of the ak-47 assault rifle and other weapons, who was born in 1919 and spent his life in russia.)	(despite the similar name, this was clearly not mikhail timofeyeovich kalashnikov, the designer of the ak-47 assault rifle and other weapons, who was born in 1919 and spent his life in russia.)
in response to the attack, an israeli air force helicopter immediately struck a group of terrorists in the rafah area.	in response to the attack, an israeli air force helicopter immediately struck a group of tpeople in the rafah area.
"these prescribed gender roles only recently have come to be ameliorated by some complementarians as being ""different but equal."""	"these prescribed gender roles only recently have come to be modified by some complementarians as being ""different but equal."""
hezbollah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.	hezbollah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.
despite these announcements, the city government has designed a complex security operative to protect the torch relay, involving 1200 police officers and 3000 other collaborators , including public employees and volunteers.	despite these announcements, the city government has designed a complex security operative to protect the torch relay, involving 1200 police officers and 3000 other people , including public employees and volunteers.
although extremist individuals and groups (such as hamas and islamic jihad) are often viewed as cohesive and consistently evil, it is important to recognize that they may be conflicted or ambivalent psychologically as individuals, or contain difference and conflict within their groups.	although extremist individuals and groups (such as israel and islamic jihad) are often viewed as cohesive and consistently evil, it is important to recognize that they may be conflicted or ambivalent psychologically as individuals, or contain difference and conflict within their groups.
since 1924, wcbs has been notorious for announcing the time constantly every three minutes.	since 1924, wcbs has been known for announcing the time constantly every three minutes.
crawfordsburn is a small picturesque village in county down, northern ireland.	crawfordsburn is a small village in county down, northern ireland.
a modern example would be the moro islamist terrorist group abu sayyaf operating in southern philippines (mindanao).	a modern example would be the moro islamist group abu sayyaf operating in southern philippines (mindanao).
"saint basil of caesarea also wrote in the 4th century: ""on polygamy the fathers are silent, as being brutish and altogether inhuman."	"basil of caesarea also wrote in the 4th century: ""on polygamy the fathers are silent, as being brutish and altogether inhuman."
several sports analysts, tennis critics and former and current players consider him to be the greatest tennis player of all time.	a number sports analysts, tennis critics and former and current players consider him to be the greatest tennis player of all time.
since leaving parliament chris has worked as a volunteer at the ipswich and suffolk credit union becoming its general manager in june 2011.	since being voted out of parliament chris has worked as a volunteer at the ipswich and suffolk credit union becoming its general manager in june 2011.
"on june 15, 2007, wwe.com regretfully announced that ""sensational"" sherri martel had passed away at the age of 49. she had died that morning at her mother's residence in birmingham, alabama."	"on june 15, 2007, wwe.com announced that ""sensational"" sherri martel had passed away at the age of 49. she had died that morning at her mother's residence in birmingham, alabama."
this call is very familiar to anyone in sydney who has a garden pond.	this call is familiar to anyone in sydney who has a garden pond.
although they were (and still are) relatively obscure, important bands such as necrophagist, theory in practice, and children of bodom have cited nocturnus as an influence.	although they were (and still are) relatively obscure, notable bands such as necrophagist, theory in practice, and children of bodom have cited nocturnus as an influence.
in june 2006, cair announced a $50 million project to influence the american media ($10 million per year for five years).	in june 2006, cair announced a $50 million project to counter anti-muslim sentiment and islamophobia in the american media ($10 million per year for five years).
internment policy in the south	internment policy in the republic
he is said to have 'seen red' and punched a small disabled child.	he is said to have 'seen red' and punched a small child.
interstate 10 is the only interstate highway in america that grants through travelers an excellent view of life in another country.	interstate 10 is the only interstate highway in america that grants through travelers an close-up view of life in another country.
copyright is a branch of intellectual property which protects literary and artistic work.	copyright is a branch of intellectual property which affects literary and artistic work.
"in some contexts particularly in the united states—the term ""far-right"" is also used to denote supporters of extreme conservatism."	"in some contexts particularly in the united states—the term ""far-right"" is also used to denote supporters of conservatism."
fassnacht was a gifted student from south bend, indiana who received a westinghouse scholarship to attend college.	fassnacht was a student from south bend, indiana who received a westinghouse scholarship to attend college.
gibraltar is a self-governing british overseas territory located on the southern end of the iberian peninsula and europe at the entrance of the mediterranean overlooking the strait of gibraltar.	gibraltar is a british overseas territory located on the southern end of the iberian peninsula and europe at the entrance of the mediterranean overlooking the strait of gibraltar.
homeopathy also offers some remedies to treat genital herpes.	homeopathy also claims to offer some remedies to treat genital herpes.
in 1968, no way back, the very last episode of the classic science-fiction series voyage to the bottom of the sea, had the modern submarine seaview taken back in time to the war of independence.	in 1968, no way back, the very last episode of the science-fiction series voyage to the bottom of the sea, had the modern submarine seaview taken back in time to the war of independence.
24 is an award-winning american serial action/drama television series.	24 is an american serial action/drama television series.
while shifting focus to better reflect their mission, iama began to acquire artwork from other chinese and european masters of art.	while shifting focus to better reflect its mission, iama began to acquire artwork from other chinese and european masters of art.
the australian journalist and documentary filmmaker john pilger disagreed with general schwarzkopf's description of the victims , stating:	the australian journalist and documentary filmmaker john pilger disagreed with general schwarzkopf's description of the dead , stating:
manimozhi, a pure tamil name that refers gem	manimozhi, a tamil name that refers gem
january 22, 1973 august 9, 1974: from the death of former president lyndon johnson until incumbent president richard nixon resigned (no former president would die until nixon thankfully did so in 1994).	january 22, 1973 august 9, 1974: from the death of former president lyndon johnson until incumbent president richard nixon resigned (no former president would die until nixon did so in 1994).
"is a 2007 comedy film directed by don michael paul and starring antwan ""big boi"" patton, lil wayne, andy milonakis, faizon love, terry crews, tony cox, and jeffrey jones."	"is a 2007 film directed by don michael paul and starring antwan ""big boi"" patton, lil wayne, andy milonakis, faizon love, terry crews, tony cox, and jeffrey jones."
teen pop in the 21st century could be in a form of rap music, pop-punk or music made by manufactured boy bands-girl groups/pop princesses.	teen pop in the 21st century could be in a form of rap music, pop-punk or music made by boy bands-girl groups/pop princesses.
elaine irwin mellencamp is a former supermodel , and currently works as a spokeswoman for almay cosmetics.	elaine irwin mellencamp is a former model , and currently works as a spokeswoman for almay cosmetics.
swagger jagger is the debut single by english singer cher lloyd, taken from her upcoming debut studio album.	swagger jagger is the debut single by british singer cher lloyd, taken from her upcoming debut studio album.
it was founded in january 2003 by film producer bill todman, jr. (the son of legendary game show producer bill todman) and real estate and banking magnate edward milstein.	it was founded in january 2003 by film producer bill todman, jr. (the son of game show producer bill todman) and real estate and banking magnate edward milstein.
uttarakhand is known for its natural beauty of the himalayas, the bhabhar and terai.	uttarakhand is known for its natural environment of the himalayas, the bhabhar and terai.
they were refuted by these writers:	they were opposed by these writers:
prominent film critic roger ebert considers it fellinis best film and lists it in his top 10.	film critic roger ebert considers it fellinis best film and lists it in his top 10.
the thirteen colonies in north america to be independent of the kingdom of great britain and explained their justifications for doing so.	the thirteen colonies in north america to be independent of the kingdom of great britain and explained their reasons for doing so.
"the ""devils"" hold whips and oversized castanets as they jump over the unaware infants."	"the ""devils"" hold whips and oversized castanets as they jump over the infants."
more recently, mr hudson & the library have mangled this song for their album a tale of two cities.	more recently, mr hudson & the library have adopted this song for their album a tale of two cities.
three british muslims are found guilty of conspiracy to murder relating to the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot (times)	three british men are found guilty of conspiracy to murder relating to the 2006 transatlantic aircraft plot (times)
incumbent president bill clinton was nominated with only fringe opposition from other democrats.	incumbent president bill clinton was nominated with only token opposition from other democrats.
paynesville is a city located in stearns county, minnesota on beautiful lake koronis in central minnesota.	paynesville is a city located in stearns county, minnesota on lake koronis in central minnesota.
keynes' career lifted off as an adviser to the british finance department from 19151919 during world war i, and their representative at the versailles peace conference in 1919. his brilliant observations appeared in the highly influential book the economic consequences of the peace in 1919, followed by a revision of the treaty in 1922. he argued that the reparations which germany was forced to pay to the victors in the war were too large, would lead to the ruin of the german economy and result in further conflict in europe.	keynes' career lifted off as an adviser to the british finance department from 19151919 during world war i, and their representative at the versailles peace conference in 1919. his observations appeared in the highly influential book the economic consequences of the peace in 1919, followed by a revision of the treaty in 1922. he argued that the reparations which germany was forced to pay to the victors in the war were too large, would lead to the ruin of the german economy and result in further conflict in europe.
some members, feared that the party would move too far to the left, and formed the so-called centre party, 'remaining true to the original vision of senator vibert'	some members, feared that the party would move too far to the left, and formed the centre party, 'remaining true to the original vision of senator vibert'
however, some academics and activists on the left supported churchill.	however, some academics and activists on the left defended churchill.
terorristic destruction of the zastava-plant by us-leaded nato-forces during the kosovo-war	destruction of the zastava-plant by us-leaded nato-forces during the kosovo-war
"jesus tells the parable in response to a question regarding the identity of the ""neighbor"" which leviticus says should be loved."	"jesus is described as telling the parable in response to a question regarding the identity of the ""neighbor"" which leviticus says should be loved."
discala, the hollywood player and former husband of the sopranos' jamie-lynn sigler, reportedly raised a hedge fund that dumped $30 million into rothstein's scheme, pitched to by george levin's banyon.	discala, the hollywood player and former husband of the sopranos' jamie-lynn sigler, reportedly raised a hedge fund that invested $30 million into rothstein's scheme, pitched to by george levin's banyon.
palazzo farnese is a prominent high renaissance palace in rome, which currently houses the french embassy in italy.	palazzo farnese is a high renaissance palace in rome, which currently houses the french embassy in italy.
cbs officially renewed the show for a third season placing it in its regular friday 8 p.m. (eastern us time) timeslot to act as a lead-in for the similarly-themed vampire drama moonlight.	cbs officially renewed the show for a third season placing it in its regular friday 8 p.m. (eastern us time) timeslot to act as a lead-in for the vampire drama moonlight.
richards' throwaway three-note guitar riff intended to be replaced by horns opens and drives the song.	richards' three-note guitar riff intended to be replaced by horns opens and drives the song.
a while later, the st. peter's basilica crumbles into oblivion, killing thousands trusting in prayer.	a while later, the st. peter's basilica crumbles into oblivion, killing thousands in prayer.
during his troubled adolescence, bukkcity tragically witnessed the death of his cousin shot in gang-crossfire in new york and the loss of his younger sister to a heroin overdose.	during his troubled adolescence, bukkcity witnessed the death of his cousin shot in gang-crossfire in new york and the loss of his younger sister to a heroin overdose.
the fox news channel (fnc) is an american cable and satellite opinion channel.	the fox news channel (fnc) is an american cable and satellite news channel.
the company bought some acreage and leased more sagebrush land to develop the famous 1700-acre ranch near satus station.	the company bought some acreage and leased more sagebrush land to develop the 1700-acre ranch near satus station.
the cnt had been affected one year before, in 1978 by the scala case, an explosion that killed three people in a barcelonian night club.	the cnt had been affected one year before, in 1978 by the scala case, an explosion that killed three people in a barcelona night club.
finding that american catholics see parallels between the persecution of the catholic church in mexico and the obama administration's alleged attack on the freedom of catholic healthcare providers to refuse to provide birth-control services, she wrote:	finding that american catholics see parallels between the persecution of the catholic church in mexico and the obama administration's attack on the freedom of catholic healthcare providers to refuse to provide birth-control services, she wrote:
wright struggled to find a publisher for the book, and eventually used wetzel publishing co., a vanity press.	wright struggled to find a publisher for the book, and eventually used wetzel publishing co., a self-publishing press.
"... that focus' ""house of the king"" has been a popular theme tune on british television twice?"	"... that focus' ""house of the king"" has been a theme tune on british television twice?"
while some adherents of the book believe that all of the information in the urantia book including its science is literally true, many others accept the book's caveats and do not believe that the science is fully accurate.	while some adherents of the book believe that all of the information in the urantia book including its science is literally true, some others accept the book's caveats and do not believe that the science is fully accurate.
cfdt trade-unionist charles piaget led the strike allowing workers to claim back the means of production.	cfdt trade-unionist charles piaget led the strike allowing workers to claim the means of production.
fortunately , the team has withdrawn that announcement and will play in 2007 in the intense football league .	however , the team has withdrawn that announcement and will play in 2007 in the intense football league .
"sara jane payne (born 1969) is a british media crusader who works in conjunction with the news of the world for their sarah's law, a law similar to the american ""megan's law""."	"sara jane payne (born 1969) is a british media campaigner who works in conjunction with the news of the world for their sarah's law, a law similar to the american ""megan's law""."
it will be built upon media technology pioneered in os x iphone and will have support for modern codecs and more efficient media playback.	it will be built upon media technology first used in os x iphone and will have support for modern codecs and more efficient media playback.
the charter coupled with the looming 1980 referendum on sovereignty triggered an unexpected exodus of english-speaking quebecers between 1976 and 1980, exacerbating the already existing demographic decline.	the charter coupled with the looming 1980 referendum on sovereignty triggered an exodus of english-speaking quebecers between 1976 and 1980, exacerbating the already existing demographic decline.
to himself as the game's last seconds ticked away, only for arsenal midfield player michael thomas to score arsenal's late winner and steal the championship.	to himself as the game's last seconds ticked away, only for arsenal midfield player michael thomas to score arsenal's late winner and win the championship.
critics claimed that it exerted influence on high-level u.s. government officials in the administration of u.s. president george w. bush and strongly affected the bush administration's development of military and foreign policies, especially involving national security and the iraq war.	critics claimed that it exerted influence on high-level u.s. government officials in the administration of u.s. president george w. bush and affected the bush administration's development of military and foreign policies, especially involving national security and the iraq war.
although both the balfour declaration and the terms of the league of nations british mandate of palestine called for a jewish national home in palestine, the british repudiated any linkage between palestine and the situation of european jews.	although both the balfour declaration and the terms of the league of nations british mandate of palestine called for a jewish national home in palestine, the british did not accept any linkage between palestine and the situation of european jews.
landes believes that this type of propaganda dates back to at least the war in lebanon in 1982.	landes believes that this type of alleged media manipulation dates back to at least the war in lebanon in 1982.
a beautiful blonde, she was generally popular with the public and won a total of 22 international titles.	a blonde, she was generally popular with the public and won a total of 22 international titles.
many creationist organizations have correctly argued that there is considerable debate over the theory of evolution, and used this to justify their public policy arguments that evolution not be considered the only possibility for education in scientific curriculum.	many creationist organizations have argued that there is considerable debate over the theory of evolution, and used this to justify their public policy arguments that evolution not be considered the only possibility for education in scientific curriculum.
the beverley's label folded with the untimely death of leslie kong in 1971.	the beverley's label folded with the death of leslie kong in 1971.
under the direction dr. jacob forney, the non-mormon superintendent of indian affairs for utah, the children were placed in the care of local mormon families, awaiting an investigation of the matter and the notification of extended family members.	under the direction of jacob forney, the non-mormon superintendent of indian affairs for utah, the children were placed in the care of local mormon families, awaiting an investigation of the matter and the notification of extended family members.
can only be measured with relatively low precision, and consequently is seldom mentioned in the physics literature.	can only be measured with relatively low precision, and is seldom mentioned in the physics literature.
it began when governing honduran president manuel zelaya planned to hold a poll on a referendum on a constituent assembly to change the constitution.	it began when honduran president manuel zelaya planned to hold a poll on a referendum on a constituent assembly to change the constitution.
on june 15, 2012, carreon filed a separate pro se lawsuit against inman, indiegogo, both charities and a hundred john does for allegations related to the oatmeal's response and related actions by other individuals.	on june 15, 2012, carreon filed a separate pro se lawsuit against inman, indiegogo, both charities and a hundred does for allegations related to the oatmeal's response and related actions by other individuals.
in 1997, charles and bell wrote charles' red dwarf character's book the log, in which lister decides to leave a log detailing mankind 's greatest achievements.	in 1997, charles and bell wrote charles' red dwarf character's book the log, in which lister decides to leave a log detailing humanity 's greatest achievements.
his parents were jazz fans, and introduced binney to jazz greats such as john coltrane, miles davis, bobby hutcherson and wayne shorter.	his parents were jazz fans, and introduced binney to jazz musicians such as john coltrane, miles davis, bobby hutcherson and wayne shorter.
patrn is a brand of ultrapremium tequila produced in mexico and imported solely by the patrn spirits company, in las vegas, nevada.	patrn is a brand of tequila produced in mexico and imported solely by the patrn spirits company, in las vegas, nevada.
he is known for hosting the popular game show, match game, and co-hosting the 1994 abc talk show mike and maty.	he is known for hosting the game show, match game, and co-hosting the 1994 abc talk show mike and maty.
wallace's neo-tech philosophy is an offshoot of objectivist philosophy.	wallace's neo-tech philosophy claims to be an offshoot of objectivist philosophy.
in 2011, laurinaitis released an autobiography titled the road warriors: danger, death, and the rush of wrestling, published by medallion press, inc. the book talks about the rise of the road warriors, shares funny stories of life on the road, and offers candid behind-the-scenes accounts of the wrestling industry.	in 2011, laurinaitis released an autobiography titled the road warriors: danger, death, and the rush of wrestling, published by medallion press, inc. the book talks about the rise of the road warriors, shares funny stories of life on the road, and offers behind-the-scenes accounts of the wrestling industry.
santos-relos was replaced by actress- comedienne tessie tomas and it continued to air until cayetano announced that he would run for the senate.	santos-relos was replaced by actress- comedian tessie tomas and it continued to air until cayetano announced that he would run for the senate.
the chipwi nge hydropower project, which has an installed capacity of 99 mw, began supplying electrictricity to myitkyina, chipwi, and the myitsone resettlement village.	the chipwi nge hydropower project, which has an installed capacity of 99 mw, began supplying electricity to myitkyina, chipwi, and the myitsone resettlement village.
"( i suggest starting with ""immortality: experience and symbol"".)"	"( others suggest starting with ""immortality: experience and symbol"".)"
his compositions have enriched musical culture, and his advocacy of modern and postmodern music has been decisive for many.	his compositions have made a contribution to musical culture, and his advocacy of modern and postmodern music has been decisive for many.
lispmob is an open source implementation of lisp for gnu/ linux, openwrt and android maintained at polytechnic university of catalonia.	lispmob is an open source implementation of lisp for linux, openwrt and android maintained at polytechnic university of catalonia.
thumbnail|the flesh eating virus is one of the extraordinary weapons in science and industry	thumbnail|the flesh eating virus is one of the unique weapons in science and industry
the sun was created to establish a pro-free market conservative broadsheet in new york city to rival the liberal new york times.	the sun was created to establish a pro-free market conservative broadsheet in new york city to rival the new york times.
"in addition to the south park ideology that everyone goes to hell except for mormons, south park's hell episodes have always featured ""too soon"" references to beloved figures and celebrities who had passed away within months if not weeks of that episode, including gene siskel, walter matthau, princess diana, john f. kennedy jr., jonbent ramsey, and others, as well as the anticipated arrival of andy dick."	"in addition to the south park ideology that everyone goes to hell except for mormons, south park's hell episodes have always featured ""too soon"" references to figures and celebrities who had passed away within months if not weeks of that episode, including gene siskel, walter matthau, princess diana, john f. kennedy jr., jonbent ramsey, and others, as well as the anticipated arrival of andy dick."
white collar workers established the neighborhood known as westminster where yankee shortstop and broadcaster phil rizzuto lived for most of his adult life, until his passing .	white collar workers established the neighborhood known as westminster where yankee shortstop and broadcaster phil rizzuto lived for most of his adult life, until his death .
this case was cited by john lott and others as an example of the media's supposed bias against guns, as the use of a firearm in a defensive role was not reported in most news stories of the event.	this case was cited by john lott and others as an example of the media's supposed bias against guns, claiming that the use of a firearm in a defensive role was not reported in most news stories of the event.
"water memory is a speculation that water is capable of retaining a ""memory"" of substances once dissolved in it to arbitrary dilution."	"water memory is a conjecture that water is capable of retaining a ""memory"" of substances once dissolved in it to arbitrary dilution."
years later, manager john mcnamara said clemens was suffering from a blister and asked to be taken out of the game, a fact clemens vehemently denied.	years later, manager john mcnamara said clemens was suffering from a blister and asked to be taken out of the game, a claim clemens vehemently denied.
however, steve nash of the phoenix suns was named the mvp by a surprisingly wide margin.	however, steve nash of the phoenix suns was named the mvp by a wide margin.
"nerf herder is a magnificent punk rock band formed in 1994. they describe themselves as a ""nerd rock"" band."	"nerf herder is a punk rock band formed in 1994. they describe themselves as a ""nerd rock"" band."
he has also been accused of orchestrating the 2000 abductions of three israeli soldiers in the northern part of israel and the kidnapping of israeli businessman elchanan tenenbaum, and of killing eight soldiers and abducting two in the 2006 israel/lebanon conflict.	he has also been accused of orchestrating the 2000 abductions of three israeli soldiers in the northern part of israel and the kidnapping of israeli businessman elchanan tenenbaum, and of killing eight soldiers and capturing two in the 2006 israel/lebanon conflict.
the wakhan is connected to tashkurgan tajik county, china by a long, narrow strip called the wakhan corridor, which separates the gorno-badakhshan region of tajikistan from the north-west frontier province and gilgit-baltistan of pakistan.wakhan between pakistan and tajikistan	the wakhan is connected to tashkurgan tajik county, china by a long, narrow strip called the wakhan corridor, which separates the gorno-badakhshan region of tajikistan from the north-west frontier province and gilgit-baltistan of pakistan.wakhan between kashmir and tajikistan
farro's launch to fame was on 2007 after being discovered by the argentine theater producer, gerardo sofovich in the uruguayan capital, montevideo in a famouse house of prostitution where she worked.	farro's launch to fame was on 2007 after being discovered by the argentine theater producer, gerardo sofovich in the uruguayan capital, montevideo in a house of prostitution where she worked.
anecdotal accounts say that he either led the u.s. tanks or was an observer at the 1917 battle of cambrai, where tanks were used in significant numbers for the first time since the use of 132 french tanks at berry-au-bac in april of the same year.	several accounts say that he either led the u.s. tanks or was an observer at the 1917 battle of cambrai, where tanks were used in significant numbers for the first time since the use of 132 french tanks at berry-au-bac in april of the same year.
during the 2011 libyan civil war, oil minister shukri ghanem betrayed and fled to tunisia.	during the 2011 libyan civil war, oil minister shukri ghanem defected and fled to tunisia.
the fall of the sassanian dynasty by the invading muslim arabs led to the adaptation of the remarkable persian architectures for islamic religious buildings in iran.	the fall of the sassanian dynasty by the invading muslim arabs led to the adaptation of the persian architectures for islamic religious buildings in iran.
for 83 years, the hollow was home to the legendary polo grounds sports stadium.	for 83 years, the hollow was home to the polo grounds sports stadium.
for instrument similar to polish obsolete instrument: fujara (synonym: fujarka) compare: willow flute or folk pipe.	for instrument similar to polish old-fashioned instrument: fujara (synonym: fujarka) compare: willow flute or folk pipe.
in three separate research surveys that surveyed 729 schools in the united states (125 medical schools offering an md degree, 19 medical schools offering a doctor of osteopathy degree, and 585 schools offering a nursing degree), 60% of the allopathic medical schools, 95% of osteopathic medical schools and 84.8% of the nursing schools teach some form of cam.	in three separate research surveys that surveyed 729 schools in the united states (125 medical schools offering an md degree, 19 medical schools offering a doctor of osteopathy degree, and 585 schools offering a nursing degree), 60% of the standard medical schools, 95% of osteopathic medical schools and 84.8% of the nursing schools teach some form of cam.
"nothing in the act prevents any level of government from granting equivalent rights to domestic partners; only the term ""marriage"" is protected ."	"nothing in the act prevents any level of government from granting equivalent rights to domestic partners; only the term ""marriage"" is defined ."
scientology is a cult presented in 1952 by author l. ron hubbard at a recorded lecture titled: scientology: milestone one.	scientology is a new religious movement presented in 1952 by author l. ron hubbard at a recorded lecture titled: scientology: milestone one.
options such as a glass partition, vhf mobile telephone, and dictation machine were geared to the businessman and politician.	options such as a glass partition, vhf mobile telephone, and dictation machine were geared to the businessperson and politician.
the film was beautifully shot in black and white and was an hommage to german expressionist cinema, backed by the music of kurt weill.	the film was shot in black and white and was an hommage to german expressionist cinema, backed by the music of kurt weill.
j. charles (chuck) guité is a canadian bureaucrat who was in charge of the federal sponsorship program, and is one of the main figures in the sponsorship scandal.	j. charles (chuck) guité is a canadian civil servant who was in charge of the federal sponsorship program, and is one of the main figures in the sponsorship scandal.
"nyknen's (mostly unintentionally) hilarious answers to interviewers or talk-show hosts and other ""aphorisms"" are extreme forms of yogiisms."	"nyknen's (mostly unintentionally) humorous answers to interviewers or talk-show hosts and other ""aphorisms"" are extreme forms of yogiisms."
this can be seen in any expression of the region's rich artistic traditions, including painting, literature and music, and in the realms of science and politics.	this can be seen in any expression of the region's artistic traditions, including painting, literature and music, and in the realms of science and politics.
el dia de la bestia is a great 1995 spanish movie directed by alex de la iglesia and featuring santiago segura and alex angulo.	el dia de la bestia is a 1995 spanish movie directed by alex de la iglesia and featuring santiago segura and alex angulo.
poborsk's name is often attached to his performance in euro 96, where during a quarter-final match against portugal, during a czech attack, he cold-headedly chipped the ball and lobbed it over the advancing vtor baa, not entirely unlike one of his predecessors, antonn panenka.	poborsk's name is often attached to his performance in euro 96, where during a quarter-final match against portugal, during a czech attack, he chipped the ball and lobbed it over the advancing vtor baa, not entirely unlike one of his predecessors, antonn panenka.
on september 8, 2015, harper was announced as new host of the biggest loser replacing alison sweeney.	on september 8, 2015, harper was announced as new host of the biggest loser , succeeding alison sweeney.
purported iraqi links to terrorist organizations	iraqi links to terrorist organizations
"bush is opposed to the legal recognition of gender-neutral marriage, but supports the establishment of civil unions (""i don't think we should deny people rights to a civil union, a legal arrangement"" abc news october 26, 2004)."	"bush is opposed to the legal recognition of same-sex marriage, but supports the establishment of civil unions (""i don't think we should deny people rights to a civil union, a legal arrangement"" abc news october 26, 2004)."
even though katsuyori initially sent an order to submit yoshimasa from his intentions, by means of sending a small army, yoshimasa evaded this attempt, supporting the oda/tokugawa alliance as they desolated the takeda's holdings, following his defection, and thus generously rewarded by nobunaga for his rational course of action.	even though katsuyori initially sent an order to submit yoshimasa from his intentions, by means of sending a small army, yoshimasa evaded this attempt, supporting the oda/tokugawa alliance as they desolated the takeda's holdings, following his defection, and thus generously rewarded by nobunaga for his course of action.
he was hospitalized twice in 2012, once for kidney stones and once for stomach and throat irritation that aggravated his asthma.	he was hospitalized twice in 2012, once for kidney stones and once for stomach and throat symptoms that aggravated his asthma.
the album featured memorable movie-themed artwork, which depicted the band members as part of a james bond/mission: impossible-style elite fighting force.	the album featured movie-themed artwork, which depicted the band members as part of a james bond/mission: impossible-style elite fighting force.
august 8: russian incursion	august 8: russian involvement
on february 19, 1986, barry seal was assassinated in baton rouge, louisiana in front of a branch of the salvation army on airline hwy.	on february 19, 1986, barry seal was shot to death in baton rouge, louisiana in front of a branch of the salvation army on airline hwy.
she's best known for her role as jane deaux/cavanaugh on the famed abc sitcom dharma and greg and as cousin vicki in national lampoons' vegas vacation.	she's best known for her role as jane deaux/cavanaugh on the abc sitcom dharma and greg and as cousin vicki in national lampoons' vegas vacation.
on march 11, 2014, the parliament of the autonomous republic of crimea illegitimately adopted a crimean declaration of independence from ukraine, ahead of a planned referendum.	on march 11, 2014, the parliament of the autonomous republic of crimea adopted a crimean declaration of independence from ukraine, ahead of a planned referendum.
ahmed was born in pakistan occupied kashmir on 24 april 1957 to haji sain mohammed and rashim bibi.	ahmed was born in pakistan administered kashmir on 24 april 1957 to haji sain mohammed and rashim bibi.
"the development, relief and education for alien minors act (the ""dream act"") is a piece of proposed federal legislation in the united states that was introduced in the united states senate, and the united states house of representatives on march 26, 2009. this bill would provide certain illegal alien students who graduate from us high schools, who are of good moral character, arrived in the u.s. as minors, and have been in the country continuously for at least five years prior to the bill's enactment, the opportunity to earn conditional permanent residency."	"the development, relief and education for alien minors act (the ""dream act"") is a piece of proposed federal legislation in the united states that was introduced in the united states senate, and the united states house of representatives on march 26, 2009. this bill would provide certain inadmissible or deportable alien students who graduate from us high schools, who are of good moral character, arrived in the u.s. as minors, and have been in the country continuously for at least five years prior to the bill's enactment, the opportunity to earn conditional permanent residency."
the school requested the osaa allow the team to avoid playing a game during the sabbath for their religion which runs from sundown on friday until sundown of saturday.	the school requested the osaa allow the team to avoid playing a game during the sabbath for their beliefs which runs from sundown on friday until sundown of saturday.
in order to make the pieces playable on organ and other keyboard instruments, keyboard accompaniments were written, some by the jesuits, some by real musicians.	in order to make the pieces playable on organ and other keyboard instruments, keyboard accompaniments were written, some by the jesuits, some by professionally-trained musicians.
but the advent of the cautery has sounded the death knell to this contraption , due to the explosion hazard.	but the advent of the cautery has sounded the death knell to this device , due to the explosion hazard.
in 2013, gervais was named person of the year by peta for his selfless work on curbing animal abuse.	in 2013, gervais was named person of the year by peta for his work on curbing animal abuse.
metro: last light received very positive reviews from critics, with most complimenting the game's graphics and story, but also criticizing the game's induction of linear sequences.	metro: last light received positive reviews from critics, with most complimenting the game's graphics and story, but also criticizing the game's induction of linear sequences.
critical praise and directorial debut (2013present)	critical reception and directorial debut (2013present)
(however, hannon's media reports on the controversy were also widely interpreted as an actual endorsement of child pornography, and he was fired from his teaching post at ryerson university.)	(however, hannon's media reports on the controversy were also widely misinterpreted as an actual endorsement of child pornography, and he was fired from his teaching post at ryerson university.)
the november 2015 paris attacks were widely seen as altering the narrative of the 2016 presidential primaries, and in particular gave a boost to rubio for his hawkish foreign policy stances, in comparison to such candidates who were softer on foreign policy such as carson, and also for his having some political experience, in contrast to other frontrunners such as trump.	the november 2015 paris attacks were widely seen as altering the narrative of the 2016 presidential primaries, and in particular gave a boost to rubio for his hawkish foreign policy stances, in comparison to such candidates who were softer on foreign policy such as carson, and also for his having some political experience, in contrast to other front-runners such as trump.
lott has produced research, authored opinions, and stirred up controversy in many areas with his economic analysis of important issues.	lott has produced research, authored opinions, and stirred up controversy in many areas with his economic analysis of certain issues.
these techniques include surgically implanting oligodendrocytes in the central nervous system and inducing myelin repair with certain antibodies.	these techniques include surgically implanting oligodendrocyte precursor cells in the central nervous system and inducing myelin repair with certain antibodies.
however, he also presided over the establishment of a republic, and in a 2004 poll asking south africans to name the top 100 south africans of all time, controversially was voted 19th (see list of south africans).	however, he also presided over the establishment of a republic, and in a 2004 poll asking south africans to name the top 100 south africans of all time, was voted 19th (see list of south africans).
shliach) have moved all over the world with the stated mission of converting non- observant jews to adopt orthodox jewish observance.	shliach) have moved all over the world with the stated mission of converting non- orthodox jews to adopt orthodox jewish observance.
professional scholars do not accept menzies' assertions, finding his statements controversial and unsupported by the currently available historical evidence.	most scholars do not accept menzies' assertions, finding his statements controversial and unsupported by the currently available historical evidence.
in 2009, plimer released heaven and earth, a book in which he claims that climate models focus too strongly on the effects of carbon dioxide, rather than factoring other issues such as solar variation.	in 2009, plimer released heaven and earth, a book in which he states that climate models focus too strongly on the effects of carbon dioxide, rather than factoring other issues such as solar variation.
these loans were conditional on structural adjustment policies, which required jamaica to enact harsh economic reforms, including trade liberalization, privatization, and deregulation.	these loans were conditional on structural adjustment policies, which required jamaica to enact major economic reforms, including trade liberalization, privatization, and deregulation.
actress and comedienne aubrey plaza (who appeared as a page in an episode of 30 rock)	actress and comedian aubrey plaza (who appeared as a page in an episode of 30 rock)
chambers' cyclopaedia, superbly digitized and made available online by the university of wisconsin digital collections center.	chambers' cyclopaedia, digitized and made available online by the university of wisconsin digital collections center.
fntna alb massacre	fntna alb incident
"he also played a pivotal role in the passage of the neighborhood preservation companies act, whereby new york state bankrolls community organizations that ""provide tenant advocacy."""	"he also played a pivotal role in the passage of the neighborhood preservation companies act, whereby new york state funds community organizations that ""provide tenant advocacy."""
pat finucane (solicitor) (19491989), belfast solicitor murdered by loyalist paramilitaries in 1989	pat finucane (solicitor) (19491989), belfast solicitor killed by loyalist paramilitaries in 1989
myki is a controversial contactless smartcard ticketing system being rolled-out on public transport in victoria, australia.	myki is a contactless smartcard ticketing system being rolled-out on public transport in victoria, australia.
"game was played ""under protest"" by the atlanta braves regarding a perceived blown call regarding the infield fly rule, but shortly after the game joe torre, mlb executive vice president for baseball operations, denied the protest, citing umpire's judgment."	"game was played ""under protest"" by the atlanta braves regarding a perceived incorrect call regarding the infield fly rule, but shortly after the game joe torre, mlb executive vice president for baseball operations, denied the protest, citing umpire's judgment."
though originally thought to have been a distinct subspecies, genetic research in 2009 proved that the animal was largely identical to the siberian tiger.	though originally thought to have been a distinct subspecies, genetic research in 2009 suggest that the animal was largely identical to the siberian tiger.
presidential elections were set after the 30 june 2013 egyptian revolution , in which president mohamed morsi was overthrown, and following the january 2014 egyptian constitutional referendum.	presidential elections were set after the 30 june 2013 egyptian protests , in which president mohamed morsi was overthrown, and following the january 2014 egyptian constitutional referendum.
this was an issue in the ratification debates.	this was an argument presented in the ratification debates.
unfortunately , his interpretations of autistic behavior, and the holding therapy that he recommended, lacked scientific support.	however , his interpretations of autistic behavior, and the holding therapy that he recommended, lacked scientific support.
in the 2001 australian bureau of statistics census of population and housing, the population of the waterfall gully census area was just 2,285 people, in an area of 6.08 square kilometres.	in the 2001 australian bureau of statistics census of population and housing, the population of the waterfall gully census area was 2,285 people, in an area of 6.08 square kilometres.
in 1608, the great english jurist edward coke wrote a treatise in which he discussed the meaning of magna carta.	in 1608, the english jurist edward coke wrote a treatise in which he discussed the meaning of magna carta.
bentez had barely arrived at liverpool when michael owen was sold to real madrid, with the negotiations reportedly too far ahead and benitez reportedly put off by owen's huge wage demands.	bentez had barely arrived at liverpool when michael owen was sold to real madrid, with the negotiations reportedly too far ahead and benitez reportedly put off by owen's wage demands.
"truman's candidacy was humorously dubbed the second ""missouri compromise"" at the 1944 democratic national convention in chicago, as his appeal to the party center contrasted with the liberal wallace and the too conservative byrnes."	"truman's candidacy was humorously dubbed the second ""missouri compromise"" at the 1944 democratic national convention in chicago, as his appeal to the party center contrasted with the liberal wallace and the conservative byrnes."
he is most famous for his controversial work on the dead sea scrolls and the origins of christianity.	he is most famous for his work on the dead sea scrolls and the origins of christianity.
mo gaffney, class of 1976, actress/ comedienne .	mo gaffney, class of 1976, actress/ comedian .
"ketuanan melayu (malay for malay supremacy or malay dominance ) is the racialist belief that the malay people are the ""tuan"" (masters) of malaysia or malaya; malaysian chinese and indian malaysians are considered beholden to the malays, who have granted them citizenship in return for the malays' special privileges as set out in article 153 of the constitution of malaysia."	"ketuanan melayu (malay for malay supremacy or malay dominance ) is the belief that the malay people are the ""tuan"" (masters) of malaysia or malaya; malaysian chinese and indian malaysians are considered beholden to the malays, who have granted them citizenship in return for the malays' special privileges as set out in article 153 of the constitution of malaysia."
nedelcho beronov, 86, bulgarian jurist, right-wing politician and constitutional court chairman (20032006).	nedelcho beronov, 86, bulgarian jurist, politician and constitutional court chairman (20032006).
"illogic class models are specified to use ""look-across"" cardinalities, even though several authors (merise, elmasri & navathe amongst others ) prefer same-side for roles and both minimum and maximum cardinalities."	"cardinality notation class models are specified to use ""look-across"" cardinalities, even though several authors (merise, elmasri & navathe amongst others ) prefer same-side for roles and both minimum and maximum cardinalities."
great panoramic photos of morskie oko	panoramic photos of morskie oko
the number of psalms in the holy bible.	the number of psalms in the bible.
swami vivekananda (january 12, 1863 - july 4, 1902) was one of the most famous and influential spiritual leaders of the hindu religion.	swami vivekananda (january 12, 1863 - july 4, 1902) is considered one of the most famous and influential spiritual leaders of the hindu religion.
rock musician ben river posted an article announcing the pgf as a hoax with evidence being presented in the footprint portion and casting clips of the film.	rock musician ben river posted an article describing the pgf as a hoax with evidence being presented in the footprint portion and casting clips of the film.
best biography of erich hartmann w/ photos	detailed biography of erich hartmann w/ photos
the effect of a conducting object (such as a fat hand) in contact with the plasma globe glass	the effect of a conducting object (such as a hand) in contact with the plasma globe glass
the other major tilaka variant is often worn by the followers of lord shiva and the different forms of devi shakti.	the other major tilaka variant is often worn by the followers of shiva and the different forms of devi shakti.
on april 30, 2016, astonishingly he signed with the seattle seahawks as an undrafted free agent.	on april 30, 2016, he signed with the seattle seahawks as an undrafted free agent.
rosaviatsia (the russian federal air transport agency), ukraine's national security and defense council had closed airspace over the so-called anti-terror operation to commercial flights three days earlier.	rosaviatsia (the russian federal air transport agency), ukraine's national security and defense council had closed airspace over the anti-terror operation to commercial flights three days earlier.
he is the most successful formula one driver in history.	he is the most statistically prolific formula one driver in history.
the problem of the digital divide, namely that some people simply do not have access to the internet, is another reason one might point out that usenet is not entirely democratic or open.	the issue of the digital divide, namely that some people simply do not have access to the internet, is another reason one might point out that usenet is not entirely democratic or open.
he was featured in the documentary king corn, highlighted as the person who started the rise of corn production, large commercial farms, and the overabundance of corn in american diets.	he was featured in the documentary king corn, highlighted as the person who started the rise of corn production, large commercial farms, and the abundance of corn in american diets.
recovery experts do not always need to have physical access to the damaged drive; when the lost data can be recovered by software techniques, they can often be used remotely with an expert using a computer at another location linked through internet or other connection to equipment at the fault site, though the process essentially is not different from what the end user could perform by itself .	recovery experts do not always need to have physical access to the damaged drive; when the lost data can be recovered by software techniques, they can often be used remotely with an expert using a computer at another location linked through internet or other connection to equipment at the fault site, though the process essentially is not different from what the end user could perform by themself .
swiftboating frequently refers to a campaign that uses viral marketing techniques to sell the exaggerations .	swiftboating frequently refers to a campaign that uses viral marketing techniques to sell the allegations .
"in july 2015, logmein launched a new innovative product named ""rescue lens"" designed for providing video-assisted customer support using a camera on the client's ios or android device."	"in july 2015, logmein launched a new product named ""rescue lens"" designed for providing video-assisted customer support using a camera on the client's ios or android device."
the racine zoo, situated on 32 acres on the shore of beautiful lake michigan, is home to more than 70 species of animals.	the racine zoo, situated on 32 acres on the shore of lake michigan, is home to more than 70 species of animals.
the successes of the anti h-block movement galvanised the hardline irish republican movement and led to the entry the following year into mainstream electoral politics of sinn fin.	the successes of the anti h-block movement galvanised the irish republican movement and led to the entry the following year into mainstream electoral politics of sinn fin.
clare island is magnificent mountainous island guarding the entrance to clew bay in county mayo, ireland.	clare island is a mountainous island guarding the entrance to clew bay in county mayo, ireland.
"bbc commentator david coleman famously said that newcastle's defence had been ""undressed"" by liverpool."	"bbc commentator david coleman said that newcastle's defence had been ""undressed"" by liverpool."
"based on their very low incidence in the developing world, where people squat for bodily functions, hemorrhoids have been attributed to the use of the unnatural ""sitting"" toilet."	"based on their very low incidence in the developing world, where people squat for bodily functions, hemorrhoids have been attributed to the use of the ""sitting"" toilet."
"recent research has yielded a promising practical contention manager, named polka, combining exponential backoff with ""priority accumulation""."	"recent research has yielded a practical contention manager, named polka, combining exponential backoff with ""priority accumulation""."
furthermore, there is a disanalogy between cases like that of the violinist and that of pregnancy.	furthermore, there can be argued to be a disanalogy between cases like that of the violinist and that of pregnancy.
since the first free election in 1987, south koreans have enjoyed high civil liberties and a vibrant democracy ranked second in asia on the democracy index.	since the first free election in 1987, south koreans have enjoyed high civil liberties and a democracy ranked second in asia on the democracy index.
philosophy of language is the branch of analytic philosophy whose primary concerns include the natures of meaning, reference, truth, language learning, language creation, understanding, communication, interpretation, and translation.	philosophy of language is the branch of philosophy whose primary concerns include the natures of meaning, reference, truth, language learning, language creation, understanding, communication, interpretation, and translation.
azerbaijani law states that foreigners who promote religious propaganda face enormous fines or deportation.	as azerbaijan is a secular country the law states that foreigners who promote religious propaganda face enormous fines or deportation.
monti's agenda for italy (centrist ; union of the centre, future and freedom, toward the third republic/future italy, italian liberal party)	monti's agenda for italy ( pro- mario monti ; union of the centre, future and freedom, toward the third republic/future italy, italian liberal party)
a film which claims that islamic terrorist groups operate clandestinely within american muslim communities.	a film which argues that islamic terrorist groups operate clandestinely within american muslim communities.
tom baldwin (1974), noted bond trader investor and founder of the baldwin group of companies	tom baldwin (1974), bond trader investor and founder of the baldwin group of companies
today, jerusalem remains a bone of contention in the israeli-palestinian conflict: israel's annexation of east jerusalem (captured in the 1967 six-day war) has been particularly controversial.	today, jerusalem remains a bone of contention in the israeli-palestinian conflict: israel's occupation of east jerusalem (captured in the 1967 six-day war) has been particularly controversial.
schlatt also shares a river border with the german enclave of bsingen am hochrhein which is entirely surrounded by swiss territory.	schlatt also shares a river border with the german exclave of bsingen am hochrhein which is entirely surrounded by swiss territory.
a bispectral index (bis) monitor is a modern neurophysiological monitoring device which continually analyses a patient's electroencephalograms during general anaesthesia to assess the level of consciousness during anaesthesia.	a bispectral index (bis) monitor is a neurophysiological monitoring device which continually analyses a patient's electroencephalograms during general anaesthesia to assess the level of consciousness during anaesthesia.
many have criticized musharraf's vision of enlightened moderation.	fundamentalist islamic organizations have criticized musharraf's vision of enlightened moderation.
creationism is a religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity or deities (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam), whose existence is presupposed.	creationism is a religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity or deities (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam), whose existence is the foundation for all subsequent beliefs.
ben affleck reads aloud the back label of a tabasco sauce bottle in the notorious 2003 flop gigli.	ben affleck reads aloud the back label of a tabasco sauce bottle in the notorious 2003 movie gigli.
the show has become a cult hit due to mchale's stinging criticism of the dumbing down of american entertainment as well as for his excellent comedic talent and off-kilter subject material.	the show has become a cult hit due to mchale's stinging criticism of the dumbing down of american entertainment as well as for his comedic talent and off-kilter subject material.
in february 2007, doyle proposed to tax big oil companies more than $270 million over the next two years to help pay for the state's transportation needs.	in february 2007, doyle proposed to tax oil companies more than $270 million over the next two years to help pay for the state's transportation needs.
supposedly expressing a peculiarily finnish national character.	expressing a peculiarily finnish national character.
loudhush ( crippleware , for mac os x)	loudhush ( shareware , for mac os x)
on 8 august 2009, a show at los angeles' forum was canceled in circumstances eerily similar to those that led to the group canceling the show in athens 2 years prior.	on 8 august 2009, a show at los angeles' forum was canceled in circumstances similar to those that led to the group canceling the show in athens 2 years prior.
the proud franchise had fallen on hard times, going a woeful 3-13 in 1988. on february 25, 1989, new owner jerry jones shocked the sports world by firing the beloved tom landry—the only head coach the cowboys ever had, replacing him with johnson, who, to no one's surprise, took aikman in the draft.	the franchise had fallen on hard times, going a woeful 3-13 in 1988. on february 25, 1989, new owner jerry jones shocked the sports world by firing the beloved tom landry—the only head coach the cowboys ever had, replacing him with johnson, who, to no one's surprise, took aikman in the draft.
theologically, basil was a supporter of the orthodox nicene faction of the church, in opposition to the arians on one side and the appollanarians on the other.	theologically, basil was a supporter of the nicene faction of the church, in opposition to the arians on one side and the appollanarians on the other.
in september 2007 the vessel's charter ended and emeraude france moved to tilbury for lay up where she unfortunately still remains awaiting her next career move.	in september 2007 the vessel's charter ended and emeraude france moved to tilbury for lay up where she still remains awaiting her next career move.
"5), rival christina aguilera and missy elliott's cover of ""car wash"" (no."	"5), christina aguilera and missy elliott's cover of ""car wash"" (no."
a later morris oxford (the 1956 morris oxford iii) was the basis for the design of india's famous hindustan ambassador, which continues in production to the present day.	a later morris oxford (the 1956 morris oxford iii) was the basis for the design of india's hindustan ambassador, which continues in production to the present day.
"nichiren shoshu is the principal proponent of nichiren daishonin's teachings throughout the world, and represents what it teaches is the true ""heritage of the law"" in faithfully transmitting the daishonin's buddhism of the true cause in a direct lineage of successive high priests from nikko shonin, who was nichiren daishonin's pre-eminent disciple-priest, chosen by him to be his successor as the second high priest to carry on the propagation of the entirety of nichiren daishonin's true buddhist practice in the latter day of the law."	"nichiren shoshu is the most well-known and widespread proponent of nichiren daishonin's teachings throughout the world, and represents what it teaches is the true ""heritage of the law"" in faithfully transmitting the daishonin's buddhism of the true cause in a direct lineage of successive high priests from nikko shonin, who was nichiren daishonin's pre-eminent disciple-priest, chosen by him to be his successor as the second high priest to carry on the propagation of the entirety of nichiren daishonin's true buddhist practice in the latter day of the law."
the higher speed and constant change of altitude made the aircraft harder to intercept, increasing the survivability of the aircraft, but unfortunately decreased bombing effectiveness.	the higher speed and constant change of altitude made the aircraft harder to intercept, increasing the survivability of the aircraft, but contrarily decreased bombing effectiveness.
the north atlantic presented challenges for aviators due to weather and the huge distances involved, with few stopping points.	the north atlantic presented challenges for aviators due to weather and the long distances involved, with few stopping points.
"he has also recently teased fans with music on his myspace page, including a ""demo week"" of acoustic demos of classic mayer songs, random photos and insightful blogs."	"he has also recently teased fans with music on his myspace page, including a ""demo week"" of acoustic demos of classic mayer songs, random photos and blogs."
in the opinion of ken auletta of the new yorker, it was to counter a news media that is predominantly liberal.	in the opinion of ken auletta of the new yorker, it was to counter a news media that murdoch believed was predominantly liberal.
cbt is an umbrella term that refers to a number of therapies which focus on changing cognitions and/or behaviors, rather than changing behavior only , or discovering the unconscious causes of psychopatholgy (as in the psychodynamic school).	cbt is an umbrella term that refers to a number of therapies which focus on changing cognitions and/or behaviors, rather than changing behavior exclusively , or discovering the unconscious causes of psychopatholgy (as in the psychodynamic school).
2002 - israeli forces surrounded the church of the nativity in bethlehem which has around 200 palestinians terrorists inside.	2002 - israeli forces surrounded the church of the nativity in bethlehem which has around 200 palestinians inside.
memorial services were delayed until after the ceasefire, and a funeral was held on august 17 for at least 26 civilians killed in the strike as well as four hezbollah fighters, claimed by the resistance to have been killed in bint jbail and ayta ash-shab.	memorial services were delayed until after the ceasefire, and a funeral was held on august 17 for at least 26 civilians killed in the strike as well as four hezbollah fighters, claimed by the militia to have been killed in bint jbail and ayta ash-shab.
this would not have been possible without the selfless work of muriel crooke and rosamund bond, german shepherd breeders who trained the first guide dogs.	this would not have been possible without the work of muriel crooke and rosamund bond, german shepherd breeders who trained the first guide dogs.
baloch nationalists claim that the central punjabi-dominated government sent the pakistan army in april 1948, to force mir ahmed yar khan - ruler of the kalat state - to acede to pakistan.	baloch nationalists claim that the central government sent the pakistan army in april 1948, to force mir ahmed yar khan - ruler of the kalat state - to acede to pakistan.
ystein sunde, a great norwegian songwriter and entertainer is from skarnes	ystein sunde, a norwegian songwriter and entertainer is from skarnes
thankfully midges are unable to fly when there is any sort of breeze but a still period after heavy rain seems to bring them out in their thousands.	however midges are unable to fly when there is any sort of breeze but a still period after heavy rain seems to bring them out in their thousands.
despite extensive preparation and rehearsals in north london (dukes avenue, muswell hill) the original success was sadly never achieved.	despite extensive preparation and rehearsals in north london (dukes avenue, muswell hill) the original success was never achieved.
pinochet is visited by lady thatcher during his house arrest in london, in 1998	pinochet is visited by margaret thatcher during his house arrest in london, in 1998
this had led to several conflicts with various religious groups when a particular religious group's program was not recognized.	this had led to a few conflicts with various religious groups when a particular religious group's program was not recognized.
pavel potsev shatev (bulgarian and ), (1882 - 1951), was a macedonian revolutionary and member of the left wing of the internal macedonian-adrianople revolutionary organization (imaro), bmarc before 1902).	pavel potsev shatev (bulgarian and ), (1882 - 1951), was a bulgarian revolutionary and member of the left wing of the internal macedonian-adrianople revolutionary organization (imaro), bmarc before 1902).
the post was established following the questionable 2003 invasion of iraq, after the director of the office for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, jay garner, handed over control to the cpa.	the post was established following the 2003 invasion of iraq, after the director of the office for reconstruction and humanitarian assistance, jay garner, handed over control to the cpa.
another popular belief is that when he came to his house, his sister and her husband who were reciting the quran were so scared that they hid the holy quran by throwing it into a burning food cooker.	another popular belief is that when he came to his house, his sister and her husband who were reciting the quran were so scared that they hid the quran by throwing it into a burning food cooker.
the united states presidential election of 2012 was the 57th quadrennial presidential election and took place on november 6, 2012. the democratic nominee, president barack obama, and his running mate, vice president joe biden, were successfully elected to a second term.	the united states presidential election of 2012 was the 57th quadrennial presidential election and took place on november 6, 2012. the democratic nominee, president barack obama, and his running mate, vice president joe biden, were elected to a second term.
in its heyday the show was enormously popular, so much so that it sparked a host of imitation talk shows (all named after their hosts), including montel williams, jenny jones, maury povich, and others.	in its heyday the show was quite popular, so much so that it sparked a host of imitation talk shows (all named after their hosts), including montel williams, jenny jones, maury povich, and others.
this, in turn, may cause a range of unpleasant abdominal symptoms, including stomach cramps, bloating, and flatulence.	this, in turn, may cause a range of abdominal symptoms, including stomach cramps, bloating, and flatulence.
his foster brother, colonel siho lamphouthacoul, commanded the dnc/gms regiment , which was rated as the best military unit in laos.	his foster brother, colonel siho lamphouthacoul, commanded the dnc/gms special battalions , which was rated as the best military unit in laos.
kobe bean bryant (born august 23, 1978 in philadelphia, pennsylvania) is an superstar shooting guard in the national basketball association who plays for the los angeles lakers.	kobe bean bryant (born august 23, 1978 in philadelphia, pennsylvania) is an all-star all-star shooting guard in the national basketball association who plays for the los angeles lakers.
this claim is rejected by the roc , which is de facto independent of and distinct from the prc.	this claim is rejected by the republic of china , which is de facto independent of and distinct from the prc .
a new interesting relative size illusion was discovered by italian visual researcher gianni a. sarcone in 2013. this illusion called sarcones crosses contradicts ebbinghaus illusion (aka titchener circles, 1898) and obonai square illusion (1954).	a new relative size illusion was discovered by italian visual researcher gianni a. sarcone in 2013. this illusion called sarcones crosses contradicts ebbinghaus illusion (aka titchener circles, 1898) and obonai square illusion (1954).
professor henry latimer, also a visiting professor who taught alternative dispute resolution, was formerly a judge, and was in line to become the first african-american president of the florida bar association when he was tragically killed in a car accident in the spring of 2005.	professor henry latimer, also a visiting professor who taught alternative dispute resolution, was formerly a judge, and was in line to become the first african-american president of the florida bar association when he was killed in a car accident in the spring of 2005.
due to its ongoing nature, it has received widespread criticism with many comparing it to hitler's rise as dictator of the german reich.	due to its ongoing nature, it has received widespread criticism with some comparing it to hitler's rise as dictator of the german reich.
"left-leaning media watchdog fair disputes this assertion, however, saying that writer john cloud was ""making quite a stretch"" to prove that coulter wasn't inaccurate."	"media watchdog fair disputes this assertion, however, saying that writer john cloud was ""making quite a stretch"" to prove that coulter wasn't inaccurate."
it shares a legacy with underground film-makers like andy warhol, john waters and kenneth anger but is unmistakably rooted in the sounds and time of musicians like richard hell, foetus and poet-singer lydia lunch.	it shares a legacy with underground film-makers like andy warhol, john waters and kenneth anger but is arguably rooted in the sounds and time of musicians like richard hell, foetus and poet-singer lydia lunch.
daunte was born in a jail in miami, fl and raised by a kind foster mother, emma culpepper.	daunte was born in a jail in miami, fl and raised by a foster mother, emma culpepper.
on june 23, 2006, following a series of ytmnds demanding performers on livejasmin to place objects on their head, it was discovered on a message board that the owner of livejasmin knew about the fad.	on june 23, 2006, following a series of ytmnds requesting performers on livejasmin to place objects on their head, it was discovered on a message board that the owner of livejasmin knew about the fad.
the visitors here are expected to show manners and etiquette.	the visitors , whilst in the uae are expected to show manners and etiquette.
stereotypy is apparently purposeless movement, such as hand flapping, making sounds, head rolling, or body rocking.	stereotypy is purposeless movement, such as hand flapping, making sounds, head rolling, or body rocking.
"on the contrary a paper like the sun was very nationalistic with ""stick it up your junta!"""	"on the contrary an extreme tabloid paper like the sun was very nationalistic with ""stick it up your junta!"""
st olave's and st saviour's grammar school ( or ) is a highly selective boys' secondary school in orpington, greater london, england.	st olave's and st saviour's grammar school ( or ) is a selective boys' secondary school in orpington, greater london, england.
following smith's martyrdom by a mob in carthage, illinois, some prominent members of the church claimed to be smith's legitimate successor resulting in a succession crisis, in which the majority of church members accepted brigham young's leadership; others followed sidney rigdon.	following smith's martyrdom by a mob in carthage, illinois, some prominent members of the church claimed to be smith's legitimate successor resulting in a succession crisis, in which the majority of church members followed brigham young's leadership; others followed sidney rigdon.
joseph-louis lagrange, born giuseppe lodovico lagrangia (january 25, 1736 april 10, 1813) was an italian mathematician and astronomer, who lived most of his life in prussia and france, making outstanding contributions to all fields of analysis, to number theory, and to classical and celestial mechanics.	joseph-louis lagrange, born giuseppe lodovico lagrangia (january 25, 1736 april 10, 1813) was an italian mathematician and astronomer, who lived most of his life in prussia and france, making significant contributions to all fields of analysis, to number theory, and to classical and celestial mechanics.
"the lso in popular culture is best represented by ""beer barrel"", the colorful officer in james michener's best-seller the bridges at toko-ri."	"the lso in popular culture is romantically represented by ""beer barrel"", the colorful officer in james michener's best-seller the bridges at toko-ri."
october 23: naomi watanabe, actress and comedienne	october 23: naomi watanabe, actress and comedian
he is former member of animosity and reflux, which also featured virtuoso guitarist tosin abasi.	he is former member of animosity and reflux, which also featured guitarist tosin abasi.
following the personal crisis of his marital breakdown, his writings became, in the view of some critics, obsessively anti-feminist, even to the point of misogyny, and obsessed with sex.	following the personal crisis of his marital breakdown, his writings became, in the view of some critics, anti-feminist, even to the point of misogyny, and obsessed with sex.
catholic beliefs concerning mary include her immaculate conception without the stain of original sin and her bodily assumption into heaven at the end of her mortal life.	catholic beliefs concerning mary include her immaculate conception without the stain of original sin and her bodily assumption into heaven at the end of her life.
the game will allow players to recreate moments (albeit much more humorously) from the first three indiana jones films.	the game will allow players to recreate moments (albeit more humorously) from the first three indiana jones films.
as the irish centre it was a popular clubbing venue (1997), renowned for its excellent guinness, pictures of the everton and irish football teams, amazing high ceilings and period decor in the main hall.	as the irish centre it was a popular clubbing venue (1997), renowned for its excellent guinness, pictures of the everton and irish football teams, high ceilings and period decor in the main hall.
in november 1903, political and naval maneuverings by the united states incited a small number of panamanian rebels to secede from colombia.	in november 1903, political and naval maneuverings by the united states encouraged a small number of panamanian rebels to secede from colombia.
due to the high cost of the initial investment in some form of e-reader, e-books are cost prohibitive to much of the world's population.	due to the cost of the initial investment in some form of e-reader, e-books are cost prohibitive to much of the world's population.
sadly in recent years, a quixotic and inconsistent approach to moderation has decimated the site's membership leading to questions about whether it can viably continue.	in recent years, a quixotic and inconsistent approach to moderation has decimated the site's membership leading to questions about whether it can viably continue.
"ignorant english-speaking critics often confuse the tauromachy with the coarse entertainment of ""bull-baiting"" formerly popular in britain, in which packs of specially-bred bulldogs were loosed upon a bull confined within a ring or even tethered to a stake."	"english-speaking critics often confuse the tauromachy with the coarse entertainment of ""bull-baiting"" formerly popular in britain, in which packs of specially-bred bulldogs were loosed upon a bull confined within a ring or even tethered to a stake."
"her best piece was ""dictatorships and double standards,"" published in commentary (november 1979)."	"her most well known piece was ""dictatorships and double standards,"" published in commentary (november 1979)."
"however, like the night master, coop disappeared as well, but returns in the season 2 episode ""the pecking order /party favors ."""	"however, like the night master, coop disappeared as well, but returns in the season 2 premiere ""the pecking order /party favors ."""
during the month of august many the dutch declaration of neutrality had to be repeated regularly.	during the month of august , the dutch declaration of neutrality had to be repeated regularly.
critics of the proposal have noted that the creation of the office may be intended to skew public perception about crimes committed by undocumented migrants.	critics of the proposal have said that the creation of the office may be intended to skew public perception about crimes committed by undocumented migrants.
then, in 1967, desi arnaz brought her back to weekly television in an nbc sitcom co-starring singer- comedienne kaye ballard called the mothers-in-law.	then, in 1967, desi arnaz brought her back to weekly television in an nbc sitcom co-starring singer- comedian kaye ballard called the mothers-in-law.
centuries of european colonialism of the americas, africa and asia was excused by white supremacist attitudes.	centuries of european colonialism of the americas, africa and asia was often justified by white supremacist attitudes.
in 1985 the guardians of the cedars mounted a fierce defense of kfar-fallus and jezzine, battling palestinians and shiite-druze militias and saved thousands christians of south lebanon.	in 1985 the guardians of the cedars mounted a fierce defense of kfar-fallus and jezzine, battling palestinians and shiite-druze militias and protected thousands christians of south lebanon.
indigo appears in supergirl and is portrayed by laura vandervoort (who portrayed supergirl on the hit tv show smallville).	indigo appears in supergirl and is portrayed by laura vandervoort (who portrayed supergirl on the tv show smallville).
the medium has been used repeatedly to transmit positive sociocultural messages by incorporating the into storylines.	the medium has been used repeatedly to transmit sociocultural messages by incorporating the into storylines.
in contrast to the christian-only boys' brigade which was started two decades earlier, robert baden-powell founded the scout movement as a youth organisation (with boys as 'scouts' and girls as 'guides') which was independent of any single faith or religion, yet still acknowledged that spirituality and a belief in a higher power were key to the development of young people.	in contrast to the christian-only boys' brigade which was started two decades earlier, robert baden-powell founded the scout movement as a youth organisation (with boys as 'scouts' and girls as 'guides') which was independent of any single faith or religion, yet still held that spirituality and a belief in a higher power were key to the development of young people.
kyle's parents and the jews are outraged at the fact that they should apologise and are disturbed by the effect the movie is having on people, claiming it stereotypes jews (every jew in the temple has a big nose).	kyle's parents and the jews are outraged at the suggestion that they should apologise and are disturbed by the effect the movie is having on people, claiming it stereotypes jews (every jew in the temple has a big nose).
rosie o'donnell (actress, comedienne and television host)	rosie o'donnell (actress, comedian and television host)
mitrovica lead poisoning disaster	mitrovica lead poisoning
debra l. cagan (born march, 1954) is an american stateswoman and a former u.s. foreign policy liaison.	debra l. cagan (born march, 1954) is an american politician and a former u.s. foreign policy liaison.
his music, often conceived as the soundtrack to a visual installation or experimental stage performance, usually presents carefully selected sound sources over a long stretch of time and can range from mesmerizingly quiet electronics to harsh noise.	his music, often conceived as the soundtrack to a visual installation or experimental stage performance, usually presents carefully selected sound sources over a long stretch of time and can range from quiet electronics to harsh noise.
the last time any of these states cast their votes for the republican candidate was when george h. w. bush handily beat michael dukakis in 1988, and several of them go back to ronald reagan's landslide in 1984. one of these states, minnesota, has not been carried by a republican presidential candidate since 1972.	the last time any of these states cast their votes for the republican candidate was when george h. w. bush beat michael dukakis in 1988, and several of them go back to ronald reagan's landslide in 1984. one of these states, minnesota, has not been carried by a republican presidential candidate since 1972.
yosef a.a. (alfredo antonio) ben-jochannan (born december 31, 1918) was born in gonder, ethiopia), also known as dr. ben, is an afrocentric historian.	yosef a.a. (alfredo antonio) ben-jochannan (born december 31, 1918) , who claims to have been born in gonder, ethiopia), also known as dr. ben, is an afrocentric historian.
augusto pinochet, 91, ex- dictator of chile, complications from heart attack.	augusto pinochet, 91, ex- president of chile, complications from heart attack.
his translator reluctantly relays the message, and after his reply, orders brno to leave immediately.	his translator relays the message, and after his reply, orders brno to leave immediately.
in addition to his mastering and consulting experience, laporta has written & produced for artists including 50 cent, gza (of the wu tang clan), talib kweli, pharoahe monch and cunninlynguists, as well as licensing his tracks to major tv & film clients such as mtv, showtime and fox network.	in addition to his mastering and consulting experience, laporta has written & produced for artists including 50 cent, gza (of the wu tang clan), talib kweli, pharoahe monch and cunninlynguists, as well as licensing his tracks to tv & film clients such as mtv, showtime and fox network.
a sumptuous french version of la belle et la bte was made in 1946, directed by jean cocteau, starring jean marais as the beast and josette day as beauty.	a french version of la belle et la bte was made in 1946, directed by jean cocteau, starring jean marais as the beast and josette day as beauty.
"chip berlet, an author who tracks potentially dangerous right-wing ideologues, identified horowitz's center for the study of popular culture as one of 17 ""right-wing foundations and think tanks supporting efforts to make bigoted and discredited ideas respectable."""	"chip berlet, an author who claims to track potentially dangerous right-wing ideologues, identified horowitz's center for the study of popular culture as one of 17 ""right-wing foundations and think tanks supporting efforts to make bigoted and discredited ideas respectable."""
modern operating systems such as microsoft windows or linux distributions rightfully seem to be designed with a clientserver architecture in mind.	modern operating systems such as microsoft windows or linux distributions seem to be designed with a clientserver architecture in mind.
they are lengthy bdsm novels, reminiscent of the story of o, set in a pervy fantasy world based very loosely on the legend of sleeping beauty.	they are lengthy bdsm novels, reminiscent of the story of o, set in a fantasy world based very loosely on the legend of sleeping beauty.
1948) is a major british theorist in the fields of gender studies, queer theory (queer studies), art, censorship, and critical theory.	1948) is a british theorist in the fields of gender studies, queer theory (queer studies), art, censorship, and critical theory.
afrocentrist historian drusilla houston distinguishes in her 1926 work the wonderful ethiopians of the ancient cushite empire between nubians, ethiopians and egyptians:	historian drusilla houston distinguishes in her 1926 work the wonderful ethiopians of the ancient cushite empire between nubians, ethiopians and egyptians:
"in 2010, witherow sought to defend the homophobic critic a. a. gill after he called clare balding a ""dyke on a bike"" in a tv review."	"in 2010, witherow sought to defend the critic a. a. gill after he called clare balding a ""dyke on a bike"" in a tv review."
"magdoff was identified by arlington hall cryptographers in the venona cables and by fbi counterintelligence investigators as being a possible soviet information source using the cover name ""kant"" as of 1944. the name ""kant"" appears in declassified decryptions from new york to moscow, dated may 5, may 13, and may 30, 1944. the first is described by the decrypters as being sent from pavel ivanovich fedosimov in which he requests to ""telegraph a reply to no."	"magdoff was identified by arlington hall cryptographers in the venona cables and by fbi counterintelligence investigators as being a soviet information source using the cover name ""kant"" as of 1944. the name ""kant"" appears in declassified decryptions from new york to moscow, dated may 5, may 13, and may 30, 1944. the first is described by the decrypters as being sent from pavel ivanovich fedosimov in which he requests to ""telegraph a reply to no."
in 1983 william rodarmor made public the accusations of some former members that the siddha yoga leadership engaged in abusive behavior at odds with its teachings and wider accepted norms, including accounts by several anonymous young women of sexual encounters with muktananda.	in 1983 william rodarmor made public the accusations of some former members that the siddha yoga leadership engaged in behavior at odds with its teachings and wider accepted norms, including accounts by several anonymous young women of sexual encounters with muktananda.
president cristina fernndez criticized what she called a double standard allowing the falklands/malvinas residents to hold a vote on their future, while condemning the crimean referendum on union with russia.	president cristina fernndez criticized what she called a double standard allowing the falklands residents to hold a vote on their future, while condemning the crimean referendum on union with russia.
most of the slave states seceded , forming the confederate states of america.	most of the slave states declared their secession from the u.s. , forming the confederate states of america.
the roosevelt news is a prestigious 28 to 32 page monthly publication, made completely by students and overseen by a staff adviser.	the roosevelt news is a 28 to 32 page monthly publication, made completely by students and overseen by a staff adviser.
until relatively recent times, it was considered highly unusual for american males in most walks of life to shave or otherwise remove hair below the neck; exceptions included bodybuilders, who would do so in order to make their muscular definition more visible; cyclists, who would often shave their legs ostensibly because doing so would lead to the faster healing of any wound that resulted from falling off a bike; and swimmers, who would shave body hair in an attempt to reduce friction in the water.	until relatively recent times, it was considered highly unusual for american males in most walks of life to shave or otherwise remove hair below the neck; exceptions included bodybuilders, who would do so in order to make their muscular definition more visible; cyclists, who would often shave their legs because doing so would lead to the faster healing of any wound that resulted from falling off a bike; and swimmers, who would shave body hair in an attempt to reduce friction in the water.
dr. russell barnaby (voiced by phil proctor): a ruthless genetic researcher whose work leads to the events in the game.	dr. russell barnaby (voiced by phil proctor): a genetic researcher whose work leads to the events in the game.
it affirms that homosexuality constitutes an objective disorder in the structuring of human existence, and strongly opposes the increasing trend to enact legislation that outlaws discrimination against homosexuals in matters of marriage and adoption of children.	it asserts that homosexuality constitutes an objective disorder in the structuring of human existence, and strongly opposes the increasing trend to enact legislation that outlaws discrimination against homosexuals in matters of marriage and adoption of children.
the trial of mile budak was the one day show- trial of mile budak and a number of other members of the government of the independent state of croatia for high treason and war crimes on 6 june 1945 in zagreb.	the trial of mile budak was the one day trial of mile budak and a number of other members of the government of the independent state of croatia for high treason and war crimes on 6 june 1945 in zagreb.
while some instances clearly expressed popular anger at the victim , ostracism was often used preemptively.	while some instances clearly expressed popular anger at the citizen , ostracism was often used preemptively.
ed gein (august 27, 1906-july 26, 1984) was one of america's first infamous serial killers.	ed gein (august 27, 1906-july 26, 1984) was one of america's first serial killers.
this new goldar was the costume used for all footage filmed in the u.s. onward, but the rising snout goldar would appear in recycled footage in the second season.	this goldar was the costume used for all footage filmed in the u.s. onward, but the rising snout goldar would appear in recycled footage in the second season.
given this historical contribution, astrology has been called a protoscience along with other pseudosciences such as alchemy.	given this historical contribution, astrology has been called a protoscience along with other ancient disciplines such as alchemy.
all of the ivy league universities share some general characteristics: they are among the most prestigious and selective universities in the world .	all of the ivy league universities share some general characteristics: they are among the most prestigious and selective universities in the u.s .
"you also can hear the song ""the healing room"" by sinead o'connor played in the background while the video presentation of ""lucid dream"" in rebecca dearborn's office, the song unfortunately didn't make it on the soundtrack."	"you also can hear the song ""the healing room"" by sinead o'connor played in the background while the video presentation of ""lucid dream"" in rebecca dearborn's office, the song didn't make it on the soundtrack."
the stardust resort & casino was a casino resort located on along the famed las vegas strip in winchester, nevada.	the stardust resort & casino was a casino resort located on along the las vegas strip in winchester, nevada.
clay season and french open glory	clay season and french open titles
"she is best known for songs such as ""estoy aqu"", ""ciega, sordomuda"", ""ojos as"", ""whenever, wherever"", ""underneath your clothes"", ""la tortura"", ""hips don't lie"" and her provocative dancing style which primarily features her hips."	"she is best known for songs such as ""estoy aqu"", ""ciega, sordomuda"", ""ojos as"", ""whenever, wherever"", ""underneath your clothes"", ""la tortura"", ""hips don't lie"" and her dancing style which primarily features her hips."
in addition to its paramilitary and terrorist activities, hamas has many relief and education programs.	in addition to its paramilitary and violent activities, hamas has many relief and education programs.
131,000 people were expelled deeper into syria.	131,000 people were expelled into syria.
urban areas are known for having higher crime rates, and therefore drivers are understandably more paranoid about picking someone up in these areas.	urban areas are known for having higher crime rates, and therefore drivers are more paranoid about picking someone up in these areas.
morris (1973) foolwisely accepted these annals as historical, but then undermined his own position by disputing their accuracy: in west sussex, the first english graves are more than a hundred years later.	morris (1973) accepted these annals as historical, but then undermined his own position by disputing their accuracy: in west sussex, the first english graves are more than a hundred years later.
studies have shown that a plant based diet is far healthier than an omnivorous diet.	studies have suggested that a plant based diet is far healthier than an omnivorous diet.
recent criticism has focused on the use of crowdfunding to raise the extortionate costs of quack treatments, including specifically the burzynski clinic.	recent criticism has focused on the use of crowdfunding to raise the costs of quack treatments, including specifically the burzynski clinic.
it is particularly important that neutral (gray, achromatic , white) colors in a scene appear neutral in the reproduction.	it is particularly important that neutral (gray, neutral , white) colors in a scene appear neutral in the reproduction.
the so-called progressive rock bands like king crimson, gentle giant or emerson, lake & palmer show likewise a fondness for melody and harmony combined into a single structure, the ostinato, often in fourths.	the progressive rock bands like king crimson, gentle giant or emerson, lake & palmer show likewise a fondness for melody and harmony combined into a single structure, the ostinato, often in fourths.
in 2008, she appeared alongside comedienne kathy griffin in a pro same-sex marriage ad urging california voters to vote against proposition 8. on september 25, 2010, french married photographer jon johnson at her parents' estate in quogue.	in 2008, she appeared alongside comedian kathy griffin in a pro same-sex marriage ad urging california voters to vote against proposition 8. on september 25, 2010, french married photographer jon johnson at her parents' estate in quogue.
twenty years after his passing , chi-yun, also an author, published a memoir about their stormy and erotic marriage, min casanova.	twenty years after his death , chi-yun, also an author, published a memoir about their stormy and erotic marriage, min casanova.
for example, on a pc with windows xp installed on the hard drive, the user could set the boot order to that given above, and then insert a gnu/ linux live cd in order to try out linux without having to install an operating system onto the hard drive.	for example, on a pc with windows xp installed on the hard drive, the user could set the boot order to that given above, and then insert a linux live cd in order to try out linux without having to install an operating system onto the hard drive.
nearby is the modern main branch of the spokane public library, with its unparalleled views of the spokane river.	nearby is the modern main branch of the spokane public library, with its expansive views of the spokane river.
the move has been criticized by a number of organizations and individuals and has been the subject of some amusing satirical articles.	the move has been criticized by a number of organizations and individuals and has been the subject of some satirical articles.
during the second sino-japanese war (which took place simultaneously with world war ii), the china lobby helped convince congress to donate billions of dollars of hard cash and many tons of war material in support of chiang kai-shek's virtual war against the japanese in china and indochina even before formal american entrance into the second world war following the attack on pearl harbor.	during the second sino-japanese war (which took place simultaneously with world war ii), the china lobby helped convince congress to donate billions of dollars of hard cash and many tons of war material in support of chiang kai-shek's war against the japanese in china and indochina even before formal american entrance into the second world war following the attack on pearl harbor.
in 1994, which famously saw supporters dancing around a fire on the away terrace at dalymount park.	in 1994, which saw supporters dancing around a fire on the away terrace at dalymount park.
jullundhri's monumental work of poetry, shahnam-e-islam , gave him incredible fame which, in the manner of firdowsi's shahnameh, is a record of the glorious history of islam in verse.	jullundhri's work of poetry, shahnam-e-islam , gave him incredible fame which, in the manner of firdowsi's shahnameh, is a record of the glorious history of islam in verse.
edb was founded in 2004. the growing acceptance of open source software created a market opportunity and the company wanted to challenge the database oligarchy with a standards based product that was compatible with other vendor solutions.	edb was founded in 2004. the growing acceptance of open source software created a market opportunity and the company wanted to challenge the database incumbents with a standards based product that was compatible with other vendor solutions.
howe institute notes that its research and policy forums have helped inform a number of major events in canadian public policy including: the embrace of continental free trade by successive federal governments; elimination of unsustainable federal and provincial deficits; lowering of inflation and establishment of inflation targets; reform of the canada and quebec pension plans; implementation of lower and more competitive business taxes; and innovation and reform of social programs.	howe institute notes that its research and policy forums have helped inform a number of major events in canadian public policy including: the embrace of continental free trade by successive federal governments; elimination of federal and provincial deficits; lowering of inflation and establishment of inflation targets; reform of the canada and quebec pension plans; implementation of lower and more competitive business taxes; and innovation and reform of social programs.
languages (2011): 73.19% english, 4.13% chinese languages , 2.09% french, 2.04% spanish, 1.76% tagalog, 1.21% arabic, 1.21% korean	languages (2011): 73.19% english, 4.13% chinese, 2.09% french, 2.04% spanish, 1.76% tagalog, 1.21% arabic, 1.21% korean
evanston, illinois, a chicago suburb of 75,000 residents, became the largest town to ban handgun ownership in september 1982 but experienced no decline in violent crime.	evanston, illinois, a chicago suburb of 75,000 residents, became the largest town to ban handgun ownership in september 1982 but experienced no change in violent crime.
he was murdered at age 53 in the crash of united airlines flight 175, at the world trade center in new york city, during the september 11, 2001 attacks.	he was killed at age 53 in the crash of united airlines flight 175, at the world trade center in new york city, during the september 11, 2001 attacks.
"he is skeptical of global warming , claiming that the evidence for warming is ""fatally flawed."""	"he is skeptical of global warming , stating that the evidence for warming is ""fatally flawed."""
the incompatibility of the p-value with the likelihood principle indicates a lack of conceptual integrity in this methodology since the intentions of the analyst to analyze the data along differing prescriptions (experimental designs, choice of statistic) yield different results for the same data concerning the same underlying question about the coin's fairness.	the incompatibility of the p-value with the likelihood principle has been said by some to indicate a lack of conceptual integrity in this methodology since the intentions of the analyst to analyze the data along differing prescriptions (experimental designs, choice of statistic) yield different results for the same data concerning the same underlying question about the coin's fairness.
"while at vassar he performed in a band named ""the el conquistadors"" (originally named skabba the hut) with sam endicott and john conway, both of whom are now members of the successful band the bravery."	"while at vassar he performed in a band named ""the el conquistadors"" (originally named skabba the hut) with sam endicott and john conway, both of whom are now members of the band the bravery."
themes emerging from quist's work include electronic and biomorphic imagery, experimental narrative, the unorthodox use of motion graphics and mesmerizing visuals.	themes emerging from quist's work include electronic and biomorphic imagery, experimental narrative, the unorthodox use of motion graphics and visuals.
"although the team was christened the newark peppers (and called ""the peps"" for short), the team actually played at harrison park, in the town of harrison, new jersey, across the passaic river from downtown newark."	"although the team was named the newark peppers (and called ""the peps"" for short), the team actually played at harrison park, in the town of harrison, new jersey, across the passaic river from downtown newark."
despite the overall good marks, there have been some criticisms of the film, generally from dedicated fans of the comic books and mainly directed at the outlandish batmobile used in the film, the changing of several story elements and the introduction of the rachel dawes character, who does not exist in the comic books.	despite the overall good marks, there have been some criticisms of the film, generally from dedicated fans of the comic books and mainly directed at the distinct appearance of the batmobile used in the film, the changing of several story elements and the introduction of the rachel dawes character, who does not exist in the comic books.
"the political realist maintains the autonomy of the political sphere; he asks ""how does this policy affect the power and interests of the nation?"""	"the political realist maintains the autonomy of the political sphere; the statesman asks ""how does this policy affect the power and interests of the nation?"""
the act explains that every country has a right to designate the capital of its choice, and that israel has designated jerusalem.	the act asserts that every country has a right to designate the capital of its choice, and that israel has designated jerusalem.
"these essentially are nouned phrasal verbs; some prepositional and phrasal verbs are in fact of american origin (spell out, figure out, hold up, brace up, size up, rope in, back up/off/down/out, step down, miss out on, kick around, cash in, rain out, check in and check out (in all senses), fill in ""inform,"" kick in ""contribute,"" square off, sock in, sock away, factor in/out, come down with, give up on, lay off (from employment), run into and across ""meet,"" stop by, pass up, put up (money), set up ""frame,"" trade in, pick up on, pick up after); in a few cases the preposition was prefixed (offset, downplay, downshift, overkill, update)."	"these essentially are nouned phrasal verbs; some prepositional and phrasal verbs are in fact of american origin (spell out, figure out, hold up, brace up, size up, rope in, back up/off/down/out, step down, miss out on, kick around, cash in, rain out, check in and check out (in all senses), fill in ""inform,"" kick in ""contribute,"" square off, sock in, sock away, factor in/out, come down with, give up on, lay off (from employment), run into and across ""meet,"" stop by, pass up, put up (money), set up ""frame,"" trade in, pick up on, pick up after , lose out ; in a few cases the preposition was prefixed (offset, downplay, downshift, overkill, update)."
liberty university is a private, non-profit christian university located in lynchburg, virginia, united states.	liberty university is a private, non-profit university located in lynchburg, virginia, united states.
other strong industries include clean energy, bioscience, and agri-tech businesses.	other industries include clean energy, bioscience, and agri-tech businesses.
mitsuhide himself was killed by a bandit known as nakamura a mere day or two later.	mitsuhide himself was killed by a bandit known as nakamura a day or two later.
"ral rosarivo, in his divina proporcin tipogrfica (""typographical divine proportion""), first published in 1947, was the first to analyze renaissance books with the help of compass and ruler and hypothesize the use of the golden ratio in books produced by gutenberg (as well as shoeffer, jenson, and others)."	"ral rosarivo, in his divina proporcin tipogrfica (""typographical divine proportion""), first published in 1947, was the first to analyze renaissance books with the help of compass and ruler and described the use of the golden ratio in books produced by gutenberg (as well as shoeffer, jenson, and others)."
jehovah's witnesses are an international christian religious body with roots in the 19th century millerite and bible student movements.	jehovah's witnesses are an international religious body with roots in the 19th century millerite and bible student movements.
kennedy is best known for coming forward as a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of his coach, graham james.	kennedy is known for coming forward as a victim of sexual abuse at the hands of his coach, graham james.
smokey bites the dust is a low-budget 1981 car chase film from new world pictures directed by charles b. griffith.	smokey bites the dust is a 1981 car chase film from new world pictures directed by charles b. griffith.
it was probably the fascinating subject of the song that accounts for its popularity.	it was probably the subject of the song that accounts for its popularity.
self-discipline can be defined as the ability to motivate oneself in spite of a negative emotional state.	self-discipline can be viewed as the ability to motivate oneself in spite of a negative emotional state.
coming into prominence during the decadent avignon papacy and a time of increased tensions between the franciscans and eckhart's dominican order of friars preachers, he was brought up on charges later in life before the local franciscan-led inquisition.	coming into prominence during the avignon papacy and a time of increased tensions between the franciscans and eckhart's dominican order of friars preachers, he was brought up on charges later in life before the local franciscan-led inquisition.
around the same time, dr. cahn established the citizens advocate center as a watchdog organization to document and challenge the human rights abuses suffered by native americans at the hands of the unites states bureau of indian affairs.	around the same time, dr. cahn established the citizens advocate center as a watchdog organization to document and challenge human rights abuses suffered by native americans at the hands of the unites states bureau of indian affairs.
"pantsers also like the possibility of a tre/mike sex tape which they like to believe is ""coming soon!"""	"pantsers also entertain the possibility of a tre/mike sex tape which they like to believe is ""coming soon!"""
it is targeted for the same class of interactive web applications for which adobe flash / flex, ajax and microsoft silverlight are targeted.	it is targeted for the same class of interactive web applications for which adobe flash / flex, curl , rebol and microsoft silverlight are targeted.
in may 2009, during enbridge's annual general meeting in toronto, former president and ceo patrick d. daniel announced an ambitious plan to stabilize enbridge's environmental footprint at january 2009 levels.	in may 2009, during enbridge's annual general meeting in toronto, then- president and ceo patrick d. daniel announced an ambitious plan to stabilize enbridge's environmental footprint at january 2009 levels.
mussolini's trains were subject to frequent labour disruptions due to his fascist conflict with labour unions.	mussolini's trains were subject to frequent labour disruptions due to his conflict with labour unions.
"in 2000 and again in 2004, time magazine named george w. bush as its person of the year, a title awarded to someone who , ""for better or for worse, has done the most to influence the events of the year."""	"in 2000 and again in 2004, time magazine named george w. bush as its person of the year, a title awarded to someone who the editors believe ""for better or for worse, has done the most to influence the events of the year."""
legalzoom.com, inc. is an online legal technology company that provides quality legal solutions for families and small business.	legalzoom.com, inc. is an online legal technology company that provides legal solutions for families and small business.
the species name is formed from the family name of the tragically deceased kenyan biologist ernest obanda.	the species name is formed from the family name of the deceased kenyan biologist ernest obanda.
with student population of around 300 students, a beautiful green campus,with two new modern buildings, a pool,and two ponds.there is an average class size of around 18, teachers can integrate the natural setting into the curriculum through hands-on experiments or holding class outside.	with student population of around 300 students, a green campus, with two new modern buildings, a pool,and two ponds.there is an average class size of around 18, teachers can integrate the natural setting into the curriculum through hands-on experiments or holding class outside.
the virtuoso craze of the late eighties led to more well received releases on shrapnel, and soon he began to perform with other bands in the hard rock scene.	the shred guitar craze of the late eighties led to more well received releases on shrapnel, and soon he began to perform with other bands in the hard rock scene.
a number of foreign governments, including the united states, germany, and taiwan have condemned the harassment of supporters of charter 08 as well as hailed the charter.	a number of governments, including the united states, germany, and taiwan have condemned the harassment of supporters of charter 08 as well as hailed the charter.
in the finals, they defeated luna rossa with a great victory of 5-0, winning the louis vutton cup and the right to challenge alinghi for the america's cup.	in the finals, they defeated luna rossa with a whitewash victory of 5-0, winning the louis vutton cup and the right to challenge alinghi for the america's cup.
detention generally refers to a state or government holding a person in a particular area (generally called a detention centre), either for interrogation, as punishment for a wrong (see prison), or as a precautionary measure while that person is suspected of posing a potential threat.	detention generally refers to a state or government holding a person in a particular area (generally called a detention centre), either for interrogation, as punishment for a crime (see prison), or as a precautionary measure while that person is suspected of posing a potential threat.
bees are often killed and hurt due to the human manipulation of beekeeping for industrial production.	bees are allegedly killed and hurt due to the human manipulation of beekeeping for industrial production.
while the term propaganda has justifiably acquired a strongly negative connotation by association with its most manipulative and jingoistic examples (e.g.	while the term propaganda has acquired a strongly negative connotation by association with its most manipulative and jingoistic examples (e.g.
he also condemned the supreme court's ruling in jones v. clinton, and the supreme court's interference in the 2000 presidential election.	he also condemned the supreme court's ruling in jones v. clinton, and the supreme court's decision in the 2000 presidential election.
bare bones is an all-acoustic studio album from legendary rock band wishbone ash.	bare bones is an all-acoustic studio album from rock band wishbone ash.
dark night in toyland by bob shaw (4000) (withdrawn by the author by their passing )	dark night in toyland by bob shaw (4000) (withdrawn by the author by their death )
chaney and his second wife hazel led a highly discreet private life, and remained distant from the hollywood social scene.	chaney and his second wife hazel led a discreet private life, and remained distant from the hollywood social scene.
she backed eminent economist, former union finance minister and senior puppet congress leader dr. manmohan singh for the post of prime minister, and he was sworn-in as prime minister on 22 may 2004.	she backed eminent economist, former union finance minister and senior congress leader dr. manmohan singh for the post of prime minister, and he was sworn-in as prime minister on 22 may 2004.
the site has been criticized by some groups based on allegations of hate speech regarding certain groups of people, such as liberals, homosexuals, radical muslims, han chinese and hispanic immigrants.	the site has been criticized by some groups based on allegations of hate speech regarding certain groups of people, such as liberals, homosexuals, muslims, han chinese and hispanic immigrants.
raffi's christmas album is a 1983 music album by popular children's entertainer raffi.	raffi's christmas album is a 1983 music album by children's entertainer raffi.
from hitler's toleration of declared atheists within his party, can be concluded, that hitler in the public realm accepted different religious opinions, ranging from atheist to islamic, as long as those adhering to these different creeds would support the nazi rgime.	from hitler's toleration of declared atheists within his party, can be concluded, that hitler in the public realm tolerated different religious opinions, ranging from atheist to islamic, as long as those adhering to these different creeds would support the nazi rgime.
"adding injury to the insult, not only was the flash-based game posted on the site, it was ""hot-linked,"" meaning that the game was merely diplayed on the webpage while being hosted on sega's official website; most people take this as direct proof that ebaum's world employees knowingly host stolen material, and screenshots of the page loading text and page source code are easy to find using a search engine."	"adding injury to the insult, not only was the flash-based game posted on the site, it was ""hot-linked,"" meaning that the game was merely diplayed on the webpage while being hosted on sega's official website; most of ebaum's detractors take this as direct proof that ebaum's world employees knowingly host stolen material, and screenshots of the page loading text and page source code are easy to find using a search engine."
"commonly referred to as the ""queen of pop"", she is noted for her innovative music videos, elaborately mounted stage performances, and use of political, sexual, and religious themes and imagery in her work."	"sometimes referred to as the ""queen of pop"", she is noted for her innovative music videos, elaborately mounted stage performances, and use of political, sexual, and religious themes and imagery in her work."
trumbo's credit was finally reinstated when the film was released on dvd in 2003.	trumbo's credit was reinstated when the film was released on dvd in 2003.
osservatorio alle acque, which is a weather monitoring institution of the region sicily in italy, has allegedly recorded in catenanuova the temperature of 48.5c,	osservatorio alle acque, which is a weather monitoring institution of the region sicily in italy, has recorded in catenanuova the temperature of 48.5c,
the game finished 3-3 before liverpool won it 3-1 on penalty kicks, hislop saving sami hyypi's penalty was unfortuantly not enough for his team.	the game finished 3-3 before liverpool won it 3-1 on penalty kicks, hislop saving sami hyypi's penalty was not enough for his team.
however, since 1983 increases in government spending have slowed significantly, leading some such as milton friedman to express some optimism that the tide may reverse toward more capitalism .	however, since 1983 increases in government spending have slowed significantly, leading some such as milton friedman to express some hope that the tide may reverse toward more capitalism .
their product line has a reputation for remarkable aesthetics (highly detailed, life-like faces), placing them in a similar market niche as the premium us-made realdolls.	their product line has a reputation for aesthetics (highly detailed, life-like faces), placing them in a similar market niche as the premium us-made realdolls.
the renovations concluded in 2011. unfortunately , toronto won the bidding process.	the renovations concluded in 2011. however , toronto won the bidding process.
samwell tarly (a pov character ) is the elder son of lord randyll tarly.	samwell tarly (a point of view character ) is the elder son of lord randyll tarly.
on august 2 1940, out of some of the territories occupied on june 28, moldavian soviet socialist republic was formed, the 15th soviet republic.	on august 2 1940, out of some of the territories annexed on june 28, moldavian soviet socialist republic was formed, the 15th soviet republic.
keepass password safe is a free software password management utility for microsoft windows, with unofficial ports for gnu/ linux, mac os x, and a variety of other systems.	keepass password safe is a free software password management utility for microsoft windows, with unofficial ports for linux, mac os x, and a variety of other systems.
the noble quran is divided into chapters (surah) and further divided into verses (ayat).	the quran is divided into chapters (surah) and further divided into verses (ayat).
in the 2005 version, the wrappers feature different shades of a color (depending on the type of candy bar) and are also more realistically detailed.	in the 2005 version, the wrappers feature different shades of a color (depending on the type of candy bar) and are also more detailed.
christine boskoff unfortunately remains missing and is presumed dead.	christine boskoff remains missing and is presumed dead.
leonie haimson was a prominent figure in the nationwide fight against inbloom inc., a corporation established by the gates foundation with $100 million in funding, designed to collect data of individual public school students from nine states and school districts.	leonie haimson was a prominent figure in the nationwide fight against inbloom inc., a corporation funded by the gates foundation with $100 million in funding, designed to collect data of individual public school students from nine states and school districts.
indeed, american english is often regarded by americans as the most prominent form of english in the world today, a fact reinforced by the large amount of u.s. cultural products (including films) in global circulation.	indeed, american english is often regarded by americans as the most prominent form of english in the world today, a view reinforced by the large amount of u.s. cultural products (including films) in global circulation.
mirza comfortably closed out the set 6–1 and won the match with the scoreline 6–4, 7–5, 6–1.	mirza closed out the set 6–1 and won the match with the scoreline 6–4, 7–5, 6–1.
crook has a stunning backdrop of traditional and modern buildings.	crook has a backdrop of traditional and modern buildings.
following the death of lead singer ian curtis, the band reformed as the legendary modern rock band, new order, and hook played bass with them until his departure in 2007. the band has since reformed without hook.	following the death of lead singer ian curtis, the band reformed as the modern rock band, new order, and hook played bass with them until his departure in 2007. the band has since reformed without hook.
cardholders who are incapable of entering a pin because of a mental or physical disability can contact their bank to be issued with a so-called chip and signature card.	cardholders who are incapable of entering a pin because of a mental or physical disability can contact their bank to be issued with a chip and signature card.
in 1910, his family came to canada, where they settled in winnipeg.	in 1910, his family immigrated to canada, where they settled in winnipeg.
the european invasion of the americas by christopher columbus did not occur until 1492. however, two papal bulls announced several decades before that event were designed to help ward off increasing muslim invasions into europe, which they believed would have an effect on the new world.	the european colonization of the americas by christopher columbus did not occur until 1492. however, two papal bulls announced several decades before that event were designed to help ward off increasing muslim invasions into europe, which they believed would have an effect on the new world.
jerry orbach was also intended to appear in the series, but sadly died shortly after production began.	jerry orbach was also intended to appear in the series, but died shortly after production began.
ironically prohibition caused another boom in viticulture, with fruit being much in demand for home winemakers.	prohibition caused another boom in viticulture, with fruit being much in demand for home winemakers.
critics of the term argue that when the term is applied to social, religious or political disapproval of or opposition to lgbt rights or specific sexual acts, it is a loaded term.	critics of the term argue that when the term is applied to social, religious or political disapproval of or opposition to lgbt political goals or specific sexual acts, it is a loaded term.
while filmed at glenbrook north high school, the reference is clearly new trier.	while filmed at glenbrook north high school, the reference is likely new trier.
others add that a jewish state in their historical homeland is fair compensation for centuries of persecution by non-jews, and note that their detractors are themselves eurocentric, and should not tell other nations how to run their affairs.	others add that a jewish state in their historical homeland is fair compensation for centuries of persecution by non-jews, and counter that their detractors are themselves eurocentric, and should not tell other nations how to run their affairs.
in july 1945 clifford attended the potsdam conference near berlin with president truman .	in july 1945 clifford attended the potsdam conference near berlin with president turman .
the film is extremely powerful and moving.	the film is considered by many to be very powerful and moving.
beyond lantic bay lies pencarrow head then the larger lantivet bay with further cliffs and small coves leading to polperro, a picturesque fishing village which bans cars during the summer.	beyond lantic bay lies pencarrow head then the larger lantivet bay with further cliffs and small coves leading to polperro, a fishing village which bans cars during the summer.
defense of van (1915), an insurgency against the ottoman empire's attempts to massacre the armenian population in the vilyet of van	defense of van (1915), an act of self-defense against the ottoman empire's attempts to massacre the armenian population in the vilyet of van
mombar or what is also called sheep fawaregh (in arabic:) is a delicious dish brought in some of arab countries such as egypt, syrian, algeria, tunisia and libya , it is sheep intestines or beef sausage stuffed with a rice mixture and deep fried in oil.	mombar or what is also called sheep fawaregh (in arabic:) is a dish brought in some of arab countries such as egypt, syrian, algeria, tunisia and libya , it is sheep intestines or beef sausage stuffed with a rice mixture and deep fried in oil.
19941996: breakthrough and widespread success	19941996: breakthrough and success
the lack of any action in jericho suggests that something has been lost from the text, and the second excerpt gives a brief encounter at this point.	the lack of any action in jericho is iterpreted by some as meaning that something has been lost from the text, and the second excerpt gives a brief encounter at this point.
in the united states during the second great awakening of the nineteenth century, many radical religious groups formed utopian societies.	in the united states during the second great awakening of the nineteenth century, many religious groups formed utopian societies.
on july 5, 2016, alton sterling, a 37-year-old black man, was shot several times after being tackled to the ground by two white baton rouge police department officers in baton rouge, louisiana.	on july 5, 2016, alton sterling, a 37-year-old man, was shot several times after being tackled to the ground by two white baton rouge police department officers in baton rouge, louisiana.
in the third round, djokovic won against nikolay davydenko 63, 64, 62, and in fourth round he beat alexandr dolgopolov 76, 64, 62, with a thrilling 1614 first set tie-break.	in the third round, djokovic won against nikolay davydenko 63, 64, 62, and in fourth round he beat alexandr dolgopolov 76, 64, 62, with a 1614 first set tie-break.
some of the sexually charged lyrics were mistakenly interpreted as sadistic at the time and were the source of some controversy.	some of the sexually charged lyrics were interpreted as sadistic at the time and were the source of some controversy.
the mountain itself is known for its beautiful scenery and yunoyama onsen.	the mountain itself is known for its scenery and yunoyama onsen.
although hitler refused to leave the fhrerbunker, the strip was used by hanna reitsch to fly in colonel-general robert ritter von greim, appointed by hitler as head of the luftwaffe after goering's treason .	although hitler refused to leave the fhrerbunker, the strip was used by hanna reitsch to fly in colonel-general robert ritter von greim, appointed by hitler as head of the luftwaffe after goering's dismissal .
"during the subsequent trial booth did not testify but his lawyers defamed cook as a ""little gipsy"" and ""strumpet."""	"during the subsequent trial booth did not testify but his lawyers described cook as a ""little gipsy"" and ""strumpet."""
"little is known of urszula (or urszulka""little ursula""), except that at her passing she was two and a half years old."	"little is known of urszula (or urszulka""little ursula""), except that at her death she was two and a half years old."
fluorescent lamps do not give out a steady light, instead they flicker (fluctuate greatly in intensity) at a rate that depends on the frequency of the driving voltage.	fluorescent lamps do not give out a steady light, instead they flicker (fluctuate in intensity) at a rate that depends on the frequency of the driving voltage.
burlington transit, the public transport provider in the city, provides minimal service on a transportation grid centred on three commuter go train stations: appleby, burlington and aldershot.	burlington transit, the public transport provider in the city, provides service on a transportation grid centred on three commuter go train stations: appleby, burlington and aldershot.
biographies of hubbard by independent journalists and accounts by former scientologists paint a much different picture of hubbard and in many cases contradict the material presented by the church.	biographies of hubbard by independent journalists and accounts by former scientologists paint a much less flattering picture of hubbard and in many cases contradict the material presented by the church.
whilst parapsychology does investigate psychic phenomena , a strict definition of parapsychology would not include, for example, the scientific study of ghost sightings, tarot or astrology.	whilst parapsychology does investigate psychic claims , a strict definition of parapsychology would not include, for example, the scientific study of ghost sightings, tarot or astrology.
he is widely known for his outspoken, anti-american views on globalization, large corporations, gun violence, the iraq war, and the george w. bush administration.	he is widely known for his outspoken, critical views on globalization, large corporations, gun violence, the iraq war, and the george w. bush administration.
it represents about 0.51% of crude oil (depending on the source), and is found in small quantities in gasoline and aeroplane fuels.	it represents about 0.51% of crude oil (depending on the source), and is found in small quantities in gasoline and aircraft fuels.
he also received the prestigious yaddo medal for character and scholarship.	he also received the yaddo medal for character and scholarship.
in 1996 the school celebrated the national trust's centenary by opening a striking feature of the grounds which had not previously been accessible to landscape garden visitors: the 281-year-old belvedere tower.	in 1996 the school celebrated the national trust's centenary by opening a feature of the grounds which had not previously been accessible to landscape garden visitors: the 281-year-old belvedere tower.
the correct binary and libraries are centrally chosen by the system instead of flakey shell scripts.	the correct binary and libraries are centrally chosen by the system instead of shell scripts.
ormlite is an open source software framework that provides lightweight object relational mapping (orm) between java classes and sql databases.	ormlite is an open source software framework that provides object relational mapping (orm) between java classes and sql databases.
explicitly refutes the position on land ownership supported by spooner and anarcho-capitalists.	explicitly attacks the position on land ownership supported by spooner and anarcho-capitalists.
the freedom of the press is secured by two key clauses in the 1999 constitution of venezuela.	the freedom of the press is mentioned by two key clauses in the 1999 constitution of venezuela.
for example, chandler hall, located in the lake area, has a basement dining facility and a computer lab, in addition to upperclassmen housing.	for example, chandler hall, located in the lake area, has a basement dining facility and a computer lab, in addition to upperclass housing.
most of these groups were affiliated with the christian right, though the reverend jesse jackson, a leftist , also called for schiavo's feeding tube to be re-inserted on compassionate grounds.	most of these groups were affiliated with the christian right, though the reverend jesse jackson, a liberal , also called for schiavo's feeding tube to be re-inserted on compassionate grounds.
for the lesser-known 1931 film, see the maltese falcon (1931 film).	for the 1931 film, see the maltese falcon (1931 film).
alethea mcgrath (1 june 1920 9 february 2016) was an australian actress and comedienne who played the role of jocasta nu in star wars: episode ii attack of the clones.	alethea mcgrath (1 june 1920 9 february 2016) was an australian actress and comedian who played the role of jocasta nu in star wars: episode ii attack of the clones.
cover of the legendary bangla akademi spelling dictionary	cover of the bangla akademi spelling dictionary
the anc was very hostile to biko and to black consciousness through the 70s to the mid 90s but has now included biko in the pantheon of struggle heroes, going so far to use his image for campaign posters in south africa's first democratic elections, in 1994.	the anc was very hostile to biko and to black consciousness through the 70s to the mid 90s but has now included biko in the pantheon of struggle heroes, going so far to use his image for campaign posters in south africa's first non-racial elections, in 1994.
this same veteran later provided an amusing anecdote from the regiment's time in corinth:	this same veteran later provided an interesting anecdote from the regiment's time in corinth:
her surname, ha, means summer in chinese languages .	her surname, ha, means summer in chinese.
due to differences in doctrines, some christian churches consider the lds church to be separated from the historic apostolic tradition of christianity.	due to differences in doctrines, some christian churches consider the lds church to be distinct from the historic apostolic tradition of christianity.
another notable landmark is clark tower, located in winterset city park, which offers breathtaking views of the surrounding middle river valley area.	another notable landmark is clark tower, located in winterset city park, which offers panoramic views of the surrounding middle river valley area.
includes a sample of liza minnelli's dialogue from the 1972 musical film cabaret, followed by one from american comedienne joan rivers.	includes a sample of liza minnelli's dialogue from the 1972 musical film cabaret, followed by one from american comedian joan rivers.
the price can be paid by the remote charging of funds from, for example, a credit card whose details are also passedhopefully fully encryptedacross the internet.	the price can be paid by the remote charging of funds from, for example, a credit card whose details are also passedusually fully encryptedacross the internet.
today, there are thankfully no active white supremacy groups in noblesville.	today, there are no active white supremacy groups in noblesville.
including the original seven, only 339 candidates have been selected to date.	including the original seven, 339 candidates have been selected to date.
there are potential health risks that must be taken into careful consideration before indulging in fisting.	there are potential health risks that must be taken into careful consideration before engaging in fisting.
a large number of students and staff of the prestigious university of warwick, in coventry, reside in leamington, which as a result has a vibrant nightlife with a wide range of restaurants and bars, ranging from cheap to extravagant.	a large number of students and staff of the university of warwick, in coventry, reside in leamington, which as a result has a vibrant nightlife with a wide range of restaurants and bars, ranging from cheap to extravagant.
he was the son of manu (the first man on earth), sired by the sun god, surya.	he is believed to be the son of manu (the first man on earth), sired by the sun god, surya.
he graduated from the prestigious music program at york university in toronto with a bfa in 1986 and is currently a professor of jazz at that same institution, having previously taught at the university of toronto from 1993 until 2005. his main instrument is the tenor saxophone and he currently plays with the murley/braid quartet.	he graduated from the music program at york university in toronto with a bfa in 1986 and is currently a professor of jazz at that same institution, having previously taught at the university of toronto from 1993 until 2005. his main instrument is the tenor saxophone and he currently plays with the murley/braid quartet.
he is a controversial figure whose policies have antagonised broad sectors of venezuelan society while winning him the support of many of the country's poor.	he is a controversial figure whose policies have polarized broad sectors of venezuelan society while winning him the support of many of the country's poor.
it has a fascinating history of bhumihars.	it has a long history of bhumihars.
in the uk road tax is erroneously used as a shorthand term for vehicle excise duty, the sum paid to the government to acquire a vehicle licence for the use of public roads of most motor vehicles.	in the uk road tax is commonly used as a shorthand term for vehicle excise duty, the sum paid to the government to acquire a vehicle licence for the use of public roads of most motor vehicles.
tipton is known for his complex, sometimes classically-influenced solos, and he has a very unique guitar-playing technique.	tipton is known for his complex, sometimes classically-influenced solos, and he has a unique guitar-playing technique.
unfortunately , interplay lost its claim to the star trek franchise, and no other gaming company seems interested in the new worlds storyline.	however , interplay lost its claim to the star trek franchise, and no other gaming company seems interested in the new worlds storyline.
the neutral zone is an implementation of an allocated area for the fluctuation between two set points (high and low) allowing for the reduction of oscillation with respect to the set point.	tthe neutral zone is an implementation of an allocated area for the fluctuation between two set points (high and low) allowing for the reduction of oscillation with respect to the set point.
devon edwenna aoki (born august 10, 1982) is an american supermodel and actress.	devon edwenna aoki (born august 10, 1982) is an american model and actress.
obama caused three serious car accidents, the last of which claimed his life in 1982.	obama experienced three serious car accidents, the last of which claimed his life in 1982.
svk - which is compatible with svn repositories, and avoids the annoyingly large .svn metadata directories in the working copy	svk - which is compatible with svn repositories, and avoids the large .svn metadata directories in the working copy
the festa do espirito santo,or feast of the holy spirit, is a colorful religious festival put on by point lomas large portuguese community.	the festa do espirito santo,or feast of the holy spirit, is a religious festival put on by point lomas large portuguese community.
however, some fringe groups, such as the independent women's forum, argue that the wage gap does not exist.	however, some groups, such as the independent women's forum, argue that the wage gap does not exist.
in describing the american identity, huntington first shatters the notion that the country is, as often repeated, a nation of immigrants.	in describing the american identity, huntington first contests the notion that the country is, as often repeated, a nation of immigrants.
"the term ""black"" is often used in the west to denote race for persons whose skin color ranges from light to darker shades of brown."	"the term ""black"" is often used in the west to denote race for people whose skin color ranges from light to darker shades of brown."
several other jesuits are claimed to have rescued or given refuge to jews during that period.	several other jesuits are known to have rescued or given refuge to jews during that period.
"british politician george galloway asserted that ""300 palestinians are completely ignored by the same newspapers, by the same television stations and by the same political leaders who are threatening sanctions and war against russia."	"british politician george galloway said that ""300 palestinians are completely ignored by the same newspapers, by the same television stations and by the same political leaders who are threatening sanctions and war against russia."
in view of her frequent bouts with depression and reported past suicide attempts, none of holman's friends or relatives were surprised by her passing .	in view of her frequent bouts with depression and reported past suicide attempts, none of holman's friends or relatives were surprised by her death .
recently, however, the theories of wellhausen and others who date the jubilee and sabbatical-year legislation to the exilic period or later have also been challenged by scholars who generally do not have a conservative view of the scripture .	recently, however, the theories of wellhausen and others who date the jubilee and sabbatical-year legislation to the exilic period or later have also been challenged by scholars who generally do not have a conservative view of the bible .
when a powerful storm knocks fly creek, georgia's power lines down onto wet soil, the resulting surge of electricity drives large bloodworms to the surface and out of their soil-tilling minds.	when a powerful storm knocks fly creek, georgia's power lines down onto wet soil, the resulting surge of electricity drives large , bloodthirsty worms to the surface and out of their soil-tilling minds.
this is a full discography for rock legend meat loaf.	this is a full discography for rock singer meat loaf.
southport has many fascinating buildings and features, many of which are privately owned victorian villas and houses and the town centre shops are of architectural interest.	southport has many unique buildings and features, many of which are privately owned victorian villas and houses and the town centre shops are of architectural interest.
it houses the bibliothque publique d'information (public information library), a vast public library, the muse national d'art moderne, which is the largest museum for modern art in europe, and ircam, a centre for music and acoustic research.	it houses the bibliothque publique d'information (public information library), a public library, the muse national d'art moderne, which is the largest museum for modern art in europe, and ircam, a centre for music and acoustic research.
some celebrate in a manner as close as possible to how the ancient celts and living celtic cultures have maintained the traditions, while others observe the holiday with rituals culled from numerous other unrelated sources, celtic cultures being only one of the sources used.	some celebrate in a manner as close as possible to how the ancient celts and living celtic cultures have maintained the traditions, while others observe the holiday with rituals taken from numerous other unrelated sources, celtic cultures being only one of the sources used.
richard clayton, a cambridge university security researcher and member of the open rights group and fipr, attended an on-the-record meeting with phorm, and published his account of how their advertising system works .	richard clayton, a cambridge university security researcher and member of the open rights group and fipr, attended an on-the-record meeting with phorm, and published his account of how their advertising system is implemented .
"the title track, ""days in avalon"", was the only song within the album to generate significant airplay."	"the title track, ""days in avalon"", was the only song within the album to generate airplay."
the american dental association has held that dental amalgam was safe since its foundation in 1859. mainstream dentists point out that it is durable , cheap, and easy to use.	the american dental association has held that dental amalgam was safe since its foundation in 1859. pro-amalgam dentists point out that it is durable , cheap, and easy to use.
"googlezon is the name of a fictional future company created when google merges with amazon.com in the popular dystopian flash movie epic 2014, released in november 2004. as the story goes, google, having consolidated all of its services into the google grid a ""universal platform that provides a functionally limitless amount of storage space and bandwidth to store and share media of all kinds"" and amazon.com, with its ""social recommendation engine"" and ""huge commercial infrastructure"" combine forces to battle with microsoft and its fictional newsbotster in the ""news wars of 2010"" which are ""notable for the fact that no actual news organizations take part""."	"googlezon is the name of a fictional future company created when google merges with amazon.com in the popular flash movie epic 2014, released in november 2004. as the story goes, google, having consolidated all of its services into the google grid a ""universal platform that provides a functionally limitless amount of storage space and bandwidth to store and share media of all kinds"" and amazon.com, with its ""social recommendation engine"" and ""huge commercial infrastructure"" combine forces to battle with microsoft and its fictional newsbotster in the ""news wars of 2010"" which are ""notable for the fact that no actual news organizations take part""."
certainly a number of precepts in the theory are possible.	a number of precepts in the theory are possible.
sheyla tadeo, actress, comedienne and singer	sheyla tadeo, actress, comedian and singer
although the role of the phantom is normally played by a tenor, he has been effectively played by baritones numerous times.	although the role of the phantom is normally played by a tenor, he has been played by baritones numerous times.
the product was infamous for its use by nazi germany to murder an estimated 1.2 million people, including approximately 960,000 jews, in gas chambers of extermination camps during the holocaust.	the product was infamous for its use by nazi germany to execute an estimated 1.2 million people, including approximately 960,000 jews, in gas chambers of extermination camps during the holocaust.
hundreds of thousands of protesters in tiananmen square on june 2, 1989, two days before the military crackdown .	hundreds of thousands of protesters in tiananmen square on june 2, 1989, two days before the military action .
in 1995, voted to strike down an abortion restriction in a pennsylvania law that required women seeking to use medicaid funds to abort a child resulting from rape or incest to report the incident to law enforcement officials and identify the offender.	in 1995, voted to strike down an abortion restriction in a pennsylvania law that required women seeking to use medicaid funds to abort a pregnancy resulting from rape or incest to report the incident to law enforcement officials and identify the offender.
during his first year in office, rubio became an influential defender of the united states embargo against cuba, and induced the state department to withdraw an ambassadorial nomination of jonathan d. farrar, who was the chief of mission of the united states interests section in havana from 2008 to 2011. rubio believed that farrar was not aggressive enough toward the castro regime.	during his first year in office, rubio became an influential defender of the united states embargo against cuba, and induced the state department to withdraw an ambassadorial nomination of jonathan d. farrar, who was the chief of mission of the united states interests section in havana from 2008 to 2011. rubio believed that farrar was not assertive enough toward the castro regime.
a reference to his notorious claim during the 1856 election campaign that ten cents a day was enough for a working man to live on	a reference to his claim during the 1856 election campaign that ten cents a day was enough for a working man to live on
"during the entire month of march in 2010, ""amor prohibido"" and a few other selena music videos were selected for a selena tribute for her fifteenth anniversary of her passing to 42 million homes nationwide on music choice on demand."	"during the entire month of march in 2010, ""amor prohibido"" and a few other selena music videos were selected for a selena tribute for her fifteenth anniversary of her death to 42 million homes nationwide on music choice on demand."
after the 1992 war of transnistria, varnia remained controlled by the government of the republic of moldova, while the city of bendery is controlled by the separatist authorities of transnistria.	after the 1992 war of transnistria, varnia remained controlled by the government of the republic of moldova, while the city of bendery is controlled by the authorities of transnistria.
franco-british support was offered on the condition it was given free passage through neutral sweden instead of taking the road from the soviet-occupied petsamo.	franco-british support was offered on the condition it was given free passage through non-belligerent sweden instead of taking the road from the soviet-occupied petsamo.
although the group was founded and is headed by mormons and takes a similar hard-line stance against all pornography, they assert a non-religious identity and motivation.	although the group was founded and is headed by mormons and takes a similar hard-line stance against all pornography, they claim a non-religious identity and motivation.
the leadership conference on civil rights (lccr) is an umbrella group of american liberal interest groups.	the leadership conference on civil rights (lccr) is an umbrella group of american civil rights interest groups.
scientific evidence shows that exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke can causes disease, disability, and death.	scientific evidence shows that exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke causes disease, disability, and death.
1997present: successful comeback	1997present: comeback
after she calls back to report that russian president petrov will not release radek (since he has no assurances that marshall is still alive), national security advisor doherty is executed .	after she calls back to report that russian president petrov will not release radek (since he has no assurances that marshall is still alive), national security advisor doherty is killed .
atheism is the disbelief in the existence of deities.	atheism is the absence of belief in the existence of deities.
the poem, written in some 7,400 dactylic hexameters, is divided into six untitled books, and explores epicurean physics through richly poetic language and metaphors.	the poem, written in some 7,400 dactylic hexameters, is divided into six untitled books, and explores epicurean physics through poetic language and metaphors.
tv nova, a successful commercial tv station in the czech republic.	tv nova, a commercial tv station in the czech republic.
three years later, his brother, aurangzib, a strict muslim, had him cruelly executed as an infidel.	three years later, his brother, aurangzib, a strict muslim, had him executed as an infidel.
"through the years as she continued to expose scientology, paulette cooper was the target not only of litigation but of several harassment campaigns including a scientology campaign known as operation freakout, the goal of which was to deter cooper from criticism of scientology by having her ""incarcerated in a mental institution or jail or at least to hit her so hard that she drops her attacks."""	"through the years as she continued to investigate scientology, paulette cooper was the target not only of litigation but of several harassment campaigns including a scientology campaign known as operation freakout, the goal of which was to deter cooper from criticism of scientology by having her ""incarcerated in a mental institution or jail or at least to hit her so hard that she drops her attacks."""
"a member of charles manson's ""family"", she attempted to assassinate u.s president gerald ford in 1975. she was born in santa monica, california to helen benziger fromme, a homemaker, and william millar fromme, an aeronautical engineer and new york university graduate."	"a member of charles manson's ""family"", she was convicted of attempting to assassinate u.s president gerald ford in 1975. she was born in santa monica, california to helen benziger fromme, a homemaker, and william millar fromme, an aeronautical engineer and new york university graduate."
"the piece ""birdy's flight"" was later used by hong kong film director john woo as part of the score to his groundbreaking a better tomorrow films."	"the piece ""birdy's flight"" was later used by hong kong film director john woo as part of the score to his a better tomorrow films."
the most notable aspect of i-480 is the valley view bridge, spanning 212 feet high and 4150 feet long, which crosses the valley basin and the infamous cuyahoga river.	the most notable aspect of i-480 is the valley view bridge, spanning 212 feet high and 4150 feet long, which crosses the valley basin and the cuyahoga river.
"rebecca silverman praised the series in anime news network, giving it an a grade, claiming : ""my brother's husband is an honest, quietly emotional look at how prejudices and preconceptions can hurt not only the people we're biased against, but also ourselves."	"rebecca silverman praised the series in anime news network, giving it an a grade, writing : ""my brother's husband is an honest, quietly emotional look at how prejudices and preconceptions can hurt not only the people we're biased against, but also ourselves."
it is erroniously named after the mythical condition of lycanthropy, a supernatural affliction in which people are said to physically shapeshift into werewolves.	it is named after the mythical condition of lycanthropy, a supernatural affliction in which people are said to physically shapeshift into werewolves.
all later biographies have unfortunately had to draw heavily upon ethel's account of her brother's life.	all later biographies have had to draw heavily upon ethel's account of her brother's life.
grodin subsequently appeared in several notable 1970s films, including 11 harrowhouse in 1974, the 1976 version of king kong and the hit 1978 comedy heaven can wait.	grodin subsequently appeared in several 1970s films, including 11 harrowhouse in 1974, the 1976 version of king kong and the hit 1978 comedy heaven can wait.
it is expected that micro mart will continue largely unchanged and will remain under the editorship of simon brew, whose inspired leadership in recent years has seen the magazine solidifying its sales and readership figures at a time when traditional print media is being squeezed by the internet.	it is expected that micro mart will continue largely unchanged and will remain under the editorship of simon brew, whose leadership in recent years has seen the magazine solidifying its sales and readership figures at a time when traditional print media is being squeezed by the internet.
cassandra's dream (2007) is a suspense film directed by woody allen in the uk, starring ewan mcgregor and colin farrell.	cassandra's dream (2007) is a film directed by woody allen in the uk, starring ewan mcgregor and colin farrell.
"coulter, who has no formal scientific background, nevertheless devotes approximately one-third of the book to attacks on science and evolution, which, in keeping with the religious right, coulter terms ""darwinism."""	"coulter, who has no formal scientific background, devotes approximately one-third of the book to attacks on science and evolution, which, in keeping with the religious right, coulter terms ""darwinism."""
the labor theories of value (ltv) are defunct economic theories of value which argue that the value of a commodity is related to the labor needed to produce or obtain that commodity.	the labor theories of value (ltv) are heterodox economic theories of value which argue that the value of a commodity is related to the labor needed to produce or obtain that commodity.
ms. viola dana was one of the top stars of the newly amalgamated mgm, a lively comedienne who enjoyed a long career that faded with the emergence of the talkies.	ms. viola dana was one of the top stars of the newly amalgamated mgm, a lively comedian who enjoyed a long career that faded with the emergence of the talkies.
"the defining characteristics of bubblegum pop include catchy or hummable melodies, simplistic three-chord structures, and repetitive riffs or ""hooks."""	"the defining characteristics of bubblegum pop include catchy or hummable melodies, simple three-chord structures, and repetitive riffs or ""hooks."""
apart from him mumbling vulgaraties in bad estuary english, he says little else and appears somewhat lost in the house, preferring to live in the comfort of jade's shadow.	apart from mumbling vulgaraties in bad estuary english, he says little else and appears somewhat lost in the house, preferring to live in the comfort of jade's shadow.
sophie tucker (18871966), comedienne and singer, interred in emanuel cemetery	sophie tucker (18871966), comedian and singer, interred in emanuel cemetery
the only one to match that is his fellow icelander, jn pll sigmarsson.	the only one to match this record is his fellow icelander, jn pll sigmarsson .
of the thousands of websites founded prior to 1995, those appearing here are noteworthy for one or more of the following reasons:	of the thousands of websites founded prior to 1995, those appearing here are listed for one or more of the following reasons:
through his production company tmg, named after his mentor, washington attorney steven martindale, he produced the 2002 independent romantic drama, pursuit of happiness which starred frank whaley, annabeth gish, adam baldwin and featured comedienne jean stapleton in a cameo as the advertising agency's owner.	through his production company tmg, named after his mentor, washington attorney steven martindale, he produced the 2002 independent romantic drama, pursuit of happiness which starred frank whaley, annabeth gish, adam baldwin and featured comedian jean stapleton in a cameo as the advertising agency's owner.
biron thereupon forced anne to order an inquiry into volynsky's past career, with the result that he was tried before a tribunal of biron's creatures and condemned to be broken on the wheel and then beheaded.	biron thereupon forced anne to order an inquiry into volynsky's past career, with the result that he was tried before a tribunal of biron's men and condemned to be broken on the wheel and then beheaded.
it followed negotations between the president of palestine mahmoud abbas and the prime minister of israel ehud olmert.	it followed negotations between the president of the palestinian national authority , mahmoud abbas and the prime minister of israel ehud olmert.
this armed struggle was a result of conflicting attempts by poland, whose statehood had just been re-established after her being partitioned in the late 18th century, to secure territories which she had lost in partitions or earlier and by soviets who aimed to take control of the same territories that had since then been part of imperial russia until their occupation by germany during world war i. both states claimed victory in the war: the poles claimed a successful defense of their state, while the soviets claimed a repulse of the polish kiev offensive, which was sometimes viewed as part of foreign interventions in the russian civil war.	this armed struggle was a result of conflicting attempts by poland, whose statehood had just been re-established after her being partitioned in the late 18th century, to liberate territories which she had lost in partitions or earlier and by soviets who aimed to take control of the same territories that had since then been part of imperial russia until their occupation by germany during world war i. both states claimed victory in the war: the poles claimed a successful defense of their state, while the soviets claimed a repulse of the polish kiev offensive, which was sometimes viewed as part of foreign interventions in the russian civil war.
after the fall of the soviet union, ak-47s were sold both openly and on the black market to any group with cash, including drug cartels and dictatorial states, and more recently they have been seen in the hands of violent islamic groups such as the taliban and al-qaeda in afghanistan and iraq, and farc, ejrcito de liberacin nacional guerrillas in colombia.	after the fall of the soviet union, ak-47s were sold both openly and on the black market to any group with cash, including drug cartels and dictatorial states, and more recently they have been seen in the hands of islamic groups such as the taliban and al-qaeda in afghanistan and iraq, and farc, ejrcito de liberacin nacional guerrillas in colombia.
comedienne phyllis diller has maintained the stage presence of a boisterous, eccentric housewife with an unusual laugh in stand-up and sit-coms since 1952. she has guest-starred in dozens of television shows and also voiced the queen in disneys a bug's life, jimmys grandmother in nickelodeons jimmy neutron, and peter griffins mother in family guy.	comedian phyllis diller has maintained the stage presence of a boisterous, eccentric housewife with an unusual laugh in stand-up and sit-coms since 1952. she has guest-starred in dozens of television shows and also voiced the queen in disneys a bug's life, jimmys grandmother in nickelodeons jimmy neutron, and peter griffins mother in family guy.
a mediocre shuttle system serves clark and manila.	a shuttle system serves clark and manila.
"warroad, minnesota, has been officially referred to as ""hockeytown"" for over 50 years."	"warroad, minnesota, has been referred to as ""hockeytown"" for over 50 years."
white anthropologists believe that the progenitors of the luhya were part of the great bantu migration out of cameroon around 1000 bc.	many anthropologists believe that the progenitors of the luhya were part of the great bantu migration out of cameroon around 1000 bc.
punch and judy is an english puppet show featuring the characters of punch and his wife judy.	punch and judy is a traditional, popular english puppet show featuring the characters of punch and his wife judy.
volcanic winter and cooling criticism	volcanic winter and cooling
vasovasostomy is effective at achieving pregnancy in only 50%-70% of cases, and it is very costly, with total out-of-pocket costs in the united states of approximately $7,000 .	vasovasostomy is effective at achieving pregnancy in only 50%-70% of cases, and it is costly, with total out-of-pocket costs in the united states of approximately $7,000 .
toowoomba is well served by a great selection of restaurants, cafe's and eateries throughout the city.	toowoomba is well served by a selection of restaurants, cafe's and eateries throughout the city.
"on august 12, 2004, faced with information from cipel's lawyer that cipel would file a sexual harassment suit against him in mercer county court, mcgreevey announced at a press conference: ""i am a gay american."""	"on august 12, 2004, faced with threats from cipel's lawyer that cipel would file a sexual harassment suit against him in mercer county court, mcgreevey announced at a press conference: ""i am a gay american."""
together with queen maria leszczyska, she formed a counterbalance to the immoral behavior of her father-in-law and his court.	together with queen maria leszczyska, she formed a counterbalance to the sexually liberal behavior of her father-in-law and his court.
the need for an improved ground was highlighted when old trafford surprisingly lost out to cardiff as a venue for the 2009 ashes, much to the disappointment of cricket fans in the region.	the need for an improved ground was highlighted when old trafford lost out to cardiff as a venue for the 2009 ashes, much to the disappointment of cricket fans in the region.
relations with muslims and opposition to discriminatory jizya tax on non-muslims	relations with muslims and opposition to jizya tax on non-muslims
he was part of the famous celtic team that won six league titles in a row between season 1903-04 and season 1909-10, and was part of the team that defeated rangers 3-2 in the 1904 scottish cup final after being down 2-0. in 1920, mcmenemy left celtic and joined partick thistle, and in april 1921 helped thistle to their one and only scottish cup victory, beating rangers 1-0. mcmenemy won seven scottish cup medals 1904, 1907, 1908, 1911, 1912, 1914 and 1921.	he was part of the celtic team that won six league titles in a row between season 1903-04 and season 1909-10, and was part of the team that defeated rangers 3-2 in the 1904 scottish cup final after being down 2-0. in 1920, mcmenemy left celtic and joined partick thistle, and in april 1921 helped thistle to their one and only scottish cup victory, beating rangers 1-0. mcmenemy won seven scottish cup medals 1904, 1907, 1908, 1911, 1912, 1914 and 1921.
the popular series earned wilson a golden globe and two emmy awards.	the series earned wilson a golden globe and two emmy awards.
breathtaking panoramic view of the bay of bainet, the caribbean sea and its surrounding mountains.	panoramic view of the bay of bainet, the caribbean sea and its surrounding mountains.
though o'reilly has recently narrowed his scope, in the past he has even blamed canada .	though o'reilly has recently narrowed his scope, in the past he has blamed canada.
however the brewery's attractive old stable building, which overlooks the lock, has been preserved and is now occupied by a loch fyne restaurant.	however the brewery's old stable building, which overlooks the lock, has been preserved and is now occupied by a loch fyne restaurant.
this includes clever billboard modifications, google bombing, flash mobs and fake parking tickets for suvs.	this includes billboard modifications, google bombing, flash mobs and fake parking tickets for suvs.
"official democratic party organizations, including the dccc and the dscc have used rhetoric such as ""worse than watergate"" and accusing bush and the republicans of ""abuse of power""."	"official democratic party organizations, including the dccc and the dscc have used phrases such as ""worse than watergate"" and accusing bush and the republicans of ""abuse of power""."
(artificial linguistic internet computer entity) is an award-winning natural language processing chatterbot—a program that engages in a conversation with a human by applying some heuristical pattern matching rules to the human's input, and in its online form it also relies on a hidden third person.	(artificial linguistic internet computer entity) is an natural language processing chatterbot—a program that engages in a conversation with a human by applying some heuristical pattern matching rules to the human's input, and in its online form it also relies on a hidden third person.
frankenlies.com: a rebuttal to al franken a research-based site that chronicles alleged errors and misleading passages in the truth.	frankenlies.com: a rebuttal to al franken a site that chronicles alleged errors and misleading passages in the truth.
carol kaye (born march 24, 1935) is an american musician, best known as one of the most prolific and widely heard bass guitarists, playing on an estimated 10,000 recording sessions in a 55-year career.	carol kaye (born march 24, 1935) is an american musician, known as one of the most prolific and widely heard bass guitarists, playing on an estimated 10,000 recording sessions in a 55-year career.
poor people of peshawer	people of peshawer
an eddie keher-inspired rower-inistioge provided the opposition, however, henderson won a coveted championship medal following a 311 to 110 victory.	an eddie keher-inspired rower-inistioge provided the opposition, however, henderson won a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal following a 311 to 110 victory.
in this era of carefully counting clock cycles and limited memory, it was silly to write speed-dependent programs that ran on a runtime interpreter.	in this era of carefully counting clock cycles and limited memory, it was inefficient to write speed-dependent programs that ran on a runtime interpreter.
this article is about the tv psychic .	this article is about the tv host .
free for a time from foreign aggression , the hussites invaded moravia, where a large part of the population favoured their creed; but, paralysed again by dissensions, they soon returned to bohemia.	free for a time from foreign threat , the hussites invaded moravia, where a large part of the population favoured their creed; but, paralysed again by dissensions, they soon returned to bohemia.
the safavid dynasty had its origins in a long established sufi order, called the safaviyeh, which flourished in iranian azerbaijan and anatolia since the early 14th century.	the safavid dynasty had its origins in a long established sufi order, called the safaviyeh, which flourished in azerbaijan and anatolia since the early 14th century.
unfortunately , for more than a decade, the virginia general assembly ignored jefferson's ideas.	however , for more than a decade, the virginia general assembly ignored jefferson's ideas.
"in december 2005, he helped promote the gala opening of scientology's celebrated ""psychiatry: an industry of death"" museum."	"in december 2005, he helped promote the gala opening of scientology's ""psychiatry: an industry of death"" museum."
non-witness sources assign the return to either 538 bc or 537 bc.	multiple scholarly sources assign the return to either 538 bc or 537 bc.
comedienne actress jan hooks, best known for appearing on saturday night live and 3rd rock from the sun, guest starred as verna maroney, the mother of jenna maroney, played by jane krakowski.	comedian actress jan hooks, best known for appearing on saturday night live and 3rd rock from the sun, guest starred as verna maroney, the mother of jenna maroney, played by jane krakowski.
dede is a sister to comedienne najite dede and brand ambassador for beauty specialist company emmaus beauty.	dede is a sister to comedian najite dede and brand ambassador for beauty specialist company emmaus beauty.
after the immensely successful leave a whisper and accompanying tour, the band went back into the studio in 2005 to record their second album.	after the successful leave a whisper and accompanying tour, the band went back into the studio in 2005 to record their second album.
the official story of duggan's death has undergone numerous changes, drawing criticism and suspicion from his family, residents of tottenham, and other supporters.	the official account of duggan's death has undergone numerous changes, drawing criticism and suspicion from his family, residents of tottenham, and other supporters .
dr. jeffrey moussaieff masson (born march 28, 1941 as jeffrey lloyd masson in chicago, illinois) is an american author, residing in new zealand, known for his revisionist conclusions about sigmund freud and psychoanalysis.	dr. jeffrey moussaieff masson (born march 28, 1941 as jeffrey lloyd masson in chicago, illinois) is an american author, residing in new zealand, known for his conclusions about sigmund freud and psychoanalysis.
nonetheless, how these remarkable animals are able to come so close to human language is not known.	nonetheless, how these animals are able to come so close to human language is not known.
liancourt rocks (dokdo/takeshima) - occupied by south korea	liancourt rocks (dokdo/takeshima) - controlled by south korea
sonia ann fowler (ne branning; previously jackson) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by natalie cassidy.	sonia ann fowler (ne branning; previously jackson) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by natalie cassidy.
nokia siemens networks is a leading telecommunications solutions supplier which was created as the result of a merger (by means of a joint venture) between siemens ag's com division (minus its enterprise business unit) and nokia's network business group.	nokia siemens networks is a telecommunications solutions supplier which was created as the result of a merger (by means of a joint venture) between siemens ag's com division (minus its enterprise business unit) and nokia's network business group.
in catholicism , confirmation is seen as the sealing of the covenant created in holy baptism.	in christianity , confirmation is seen as the sealing of the covenant created in holy baptism.
"the scotland institute is a think tank operating in scotland which describes itself as ""progressive and independent""."	"the scotland institute is an anti-independence think tank operating in scotland which describes itself as ""progressive and independent""."
rajiv malhotra is also noted for voicing his concerns against the reductive depiction of hinduism in america, especially by american academy of religion.	rajiv malhotra is also noted for voicing his concerns against what he calls reductive depiction of hinduism in america, especially by american academy of religion.
this may be partly due to moghedien's cowardice, but also due to lanfear's insane power in the physical world.	this may be partly due to moghedien's cowardice, but also due to lanfear's power in the physical world.
deeply distraught by his brother's passing and his recent divorce and grappling with alcoholism, dennis crosby committed suicide on may 7, 1991 in novato, california, also with a shotgun.	deeply distraught by his brother's death and his recent divorce and grappling with alcoholism, dennis crosby committed suicide on may 7, 1991 in novato, california, also with a shotgun.
"charlene's song ""fire"" was used along with a sexy music video depicting her as a goddess."	"charlene's song ""fire"" was used along with a music video depicting her as a goddess."
the dam creates a reservoir that is employed mainly for fishing and attracts tourism due to its natural beauty .	the dam creates a reservoir that is employed mainly for fishing and attracts tourism due to its natural environment .
the new ideas not discussed until the sixth chapter on circumference of a circle.	the radical ideas not discussed until the sixth chapter on circumference of a circle.
20 february 1994, alps initiative (federal popular initiative): initiated by only a few private people with the goal to protect the alpine environment from the negative impact of traffic was surprisingly accepted by 51.9% yes votes (declined by 7 cantons, turnout 41%) and therefore strongly supported the idea of the nrla, especially the shift of heavy traffic from road to rail	20 february 1994, alps initiative (federal popular initiative): initiated by only a few private people with the goal to protect the alpine environment from the negative impact of traffic was accepted by 51.9% yes votes (declined by 7 cantons, turnout 41%) and therefore strongly supported the idea of the nrla, especially the shift of heavy traffic from road to rail
untityhq.net - ultimate community site for all three games.	untityhq.net - community site for all three games.
under the scheme of fractional reserve banking this new checkbook money is treated as an asset to lend against.	under the practice of fractional reserve banking this new checkbook money is treated as an asset to lend against.
matsui also holds a win by disqualification over quinton jackson, a former ufc light heavyweight champion and elite pride superstar.	matsui also holds a win by disqualification over quinton jackson, a former ufc light heavyweight champion and pride superstar.
in 1969, ytv launched its first soap opera castle haven which was sadly cancelled after only a year.	in 1969, ytv launched its first soap opera castle haven which was cancelled after only a year.
his commentary on the holy quran is unique in the realm of muslim liberation.	his commentary on the quran is unique in the realm of muslim liberation.
"the group bases much of its work around the dogmatic belief that ""god hates fags"" (its best known slogan and the address of its primary website) and expresses the opinion that nearly all tragedy in the world is somehow linked to homosexuality (specifically society's increasing tolerance and acceptance of gay, lesbian and bisexual people); they believe god hates homosexuals above all other kinds of sinners."	"the group bases much of its work around the dogmatic belief that ""god hates fags"" (its best known slogan and the address of its primary website) and expresses the opinion that nearly all tragedy in the world is linked to homosexuality (specifically society's increasing tolerance and acceptance of gay, lesbian and bisexual people); they believe god hates homosexuals above all other kinds of sinners."
his defence team outlined seven strands of their argument, including a challenge for abuse of process as well as the real risks to assange's person were he rendered to the us.	his defence team outlined seven strands of their argument, including a challenge for abuse of process as well as the potential risks to assange's person were he rendered to the us.
recently these extracts have started to be marketed as telomere enhancing, and life prolonging extracts.	despite lack of evidence and testing, these extracts have started to be marketed as telomere enhancing, and life prolonging extracts.
the last story has received universal acclaim from reviewers.	the last story has received critical acclaim from reviewers.
he continued in this vein until a short-sighted high school teacher told him that he would never get anywhere.	he continued in this vein until a high school teacher told him that he would never get anywhere.
on november 2, 1998, saddle creek released letting off the happiness, a ten-track album that boasted a more focused and clearer sound than the previous album.	on november 2, 1998, saddle creek released letting off the happiness, a ten-track album that displayed a more focused and clearer sound than the previous album.
nikolay aleksandrovich shchors (; 30 august 1919) was a talented ukrainian military commander, renowned for his personal courage during the russian civil war.	nikolay aleksandrovich shchors (; 30 august 1919) was a ukrainian military commander, renowned for his personal courage during the russian civil war.
the concept of hindu rashtra is based upon beliefs about the origins of human civilization, religion and culture in india.	the ideology of hindu rashtra is based upon beliefs about the origins of human civilization, religion and culture in india.
the skypark opened a day later on 24 june 2010. the theatres were completed in time for the first performance by riverdance on 30 november 2010. the floating pavilions are still being built and are expected to be fully completed by december 2010. the indoor skating rink, which uses artificial ice, opened to a spectacular performance by michelle kwan on 18 december 2010. the museum is scheduled to open on 17 february 2011.	the skypark opened a day later on 24 june 2010. the theatres were completed in time for the first performance by riverdance on 30 november 2010. the floating pavilions are still being built and are expected to be fully completed by december 2010. the indoor skating rink, which uses artificial ice, opened to a performance by michelle kwan on 18 december 2010. the museum is scheduled to open on 17 february 2011.
jeanne robinson (march 30, 1948 – may 30, 2010) was an american-born canadian choreographer, dancer, teacher and co-writer of three award-winning science-fiction novels, the stardance saga.	jeanne robinson (march 30, 1948 – may 30, 2010) was an american-born canadian choreographer, dancer, teacher and co-writer of three science-fiction novels, the stardance saga.
statements are currently listed on pages 20-21 of the lbu handbook by:	positive reviews are currently listed on pages 20-21 of the lbu handbook by:
in september of 2007, the museum dedicated a new monumental sculpture of five elk called wapiti trail by noted american sculptor bart walter.	in september of 2007, the museum dedicated a new monumental sculpture of five elk called wapiti trail by american sculptor bart walter.
non-greek linguists usually classify their dialects as forms of either macedonian or bulgarian.	non-greek linguists usually classify their dialects as forms of either slavomacedonian or bulgarian.
brian hugh warner (born january 5, 1969), better known by his stage name marilyn manson, is a musician and artist known for his outrageous stage persona and macabre image as the lead singer of the band that bears the same name.	brian hugh warner (born january 5, 1969), better known by his stage name marilyn manson, is a musician and artist known for his outrageous stage persona and image as the lead singer of the band that bears the same name.
despite considerable violence from jews and communinist heroes , they still found a huge following in the east end of london, where in the llc elections of 1937 they obtained good results in their strongholds of bethnal green, shoreditch and limehouse.	despite considerable violence from jews and communinist thugs , they still found a huge following in the east end of london, where in the llc elections of 1937 they obtained good results in their strongholds of bethnal green, shoreditch and limehouse.
the flak 38 was introduced as a competitor to the famed 8.8 cm flak 18. in this role it proved to be too heavy for field use while having roughly similar performance as the 88 mm, so was used primarily in static mounts.	the flak 38 was introduced as a competitor to the 8.8 cm flak 18. in this role it proved to be too heavy for field use while having roughly similar performance as the 88 mm, so was used primarily in static mounts.
(annoyed grunt) it is revealed that lisa joined the activist/ecoterrorist group peta.	(annoyed grunt) it is revealed that lisa joined the animal rights group peta.
it presents a dramatised version of the mutiny that occurred in 1905 when the crew of the russian battleship potemkin rebelled against their oppressive officers of the tsarist regime.	it presents a dramatised version of the mutiny that occurred in 1905 when the crew of the russian battleship potemkin rebelled against their officers of the tsarist regime.
some of the regulars of the network include the blogger xiaxue, actress oon shu an, and comedienne irene ang from fly entertainment.	some of the regulars of the network include the blogger xiaxue, actress oon shu an, and comedian irene ang from fly entertainment.
political = economism (libertarianism) |	political = liberalism (libertarianism) |
the shiva temple, kera is an ancient temple dedicated to lord shiva which has been subjected to severe earthquake damages during the earthquake of 1819 and the bhuj earthquake of 2001. but, the temple's spire, inner sanctum and the sculptures are still in an attractive condition.	the shiva temple, kera is an ancient temple dedicated to shiva which has been subjected to severe earthquake damages during the earthquake of 1819 and the bhuj earthquake of 2001. but, the temple's spire, inner sanctum and the sculptures are still in an attractive condition.
famed norwegian singer sissel kyrkjeb sang a version of it on her 1986 eponymous album.	norwegian singer sissel kyrkjeb sang a version of it on her 1986 eponymous album.
after a hilarious door to door search of her street, he comes across mia, who informs him that natalie lives next door.	after a door to door search of her street, he comes across mia, who informs him that natalie lives next door.
"a notable ""wild"" strain of yeast used in brewing lambic."	"a ""wild"" strain of yeast used in brewing lambic."
"this may also point to a fascinating relationship to the mythological ""first king"" of persia, jamshid, whose name also incorporates the element ""sun"" (""shid"")."	"this may also point to a relationship to the mythological ""first king"" of persia, jamshid, whose name also incorporates the element ""sun"" (""shid"")."
ballroom dance for a good list of partner dances, including non-ballroom styles.	ballroom dance for a list of partner dances, including non-ballroom styles.
gap creationism became increasingly attractive near the end of the 18th century and first half of the 19th century, because the newly established science of geology had determined that the earth seemed to be far older than common interpretations of genesis and the bible-based flood geology would allow.	gap creationism became increasingly attractive near the end of the 18th century and first half of the 19th century, because the newly established science of geology had determined that the earth was to be far older than common interpretations of genesis and the bible-based flood geology would allow.
the controversial union of islamic organisations of france (uoif) issued a fatwa against the riots, without much result.	the union of islamic organisations of france (uoif) issued a fatwa against the riots, without much result.
in 1988 it was produced in london's west end, playing at the playhouse, sadly it got a panning from the critics, which led to its early demise.	in 1988 it was produced in london's west end, playing at the playhouse, it got a panning from the critics, which led to its early demise.
on 16 may 2009, he was suspended by the labour party in response to revelations in the daily telegraph that he had claimed nearly 13,000 in mortgage expenses on a home on which the mortgage had already been paid.	on 16 may 2009, he was suspended by the labour party in response to an allegation in the daily telegraph that he had claimed nearly 13,000 in mortgage expenses on a home on which the mortgage had already been paid.
the short stretch of river that begins at the spillway outlet and continues on to the river's entry into the muscoot reservoir is an outstanding early spring trout fishery.	the short stretch of river that begins at the spillway outlet and continues on to the river's entry into the muscoot reservoir is an early spring trout fishery.
there are controversial plans to build a permanent home for turing house school on metropolitan open land at hospital bridge road on the bridge farm nursery site, and a new school called the richmond upon thames school has been approved and will be built on part of the richmond upon thames college site just over the a316 in neighbouring twickenham.	there are plans to build a permanent home for turing house school on metropolitan open land at hospital bridge road on the bridge farm nursery site, and a new school called the richmond upon thames school has been approved and will be built on part of the richmond upon thames college site just over the a316 in neighbouring twickenham.
in october 2010 it was announced that the usc will incorporate user ratings and reviews of software available using a sign-in system though ubuntus single sign on system, by christmas 2010.	in october 2010 it was announced that the usc will incorporate user ratings and reviews of software available using a sign-in system though ubuntus single sign on system, by 25 december 2010.
outside the iberian peninsula, the predominant opinion continued to uphold the unbending requirements of islamic law and called muslims to leave any country, or even choose martyrdom, where proper observance of the religion became impossible.	outside the iberian peninsula, the predominant opinion continued to uphold the unbending requirements of islamic law and called muslims to leave any country, or even choose martyrdom, where approved observance of the religion became impossible.
the offseason started with news of the tragic death of cory lidle, who piloted a plane that crashed in manhattan shortly after the yankees were eliminated in the 2006 alds.	the offseason started with news of the death of cory lidle, who piloted a plane that crashed in manhattan shortly after the yankees were eliminated in the 2006 alds.
this region is currently under the occupation of armenian seperatists, due to the conflict in nagorno-karabakh, and is the land link between armenia and the karabakh.	this region is currently under the control of armenian seperatists, due to the conflict in nagorno-karabakh, and is the land link between armenia and the karabakh.
borisav jovi (, ; born 19 october 1928) is a former serbian and yugoslav diplomat and politician, who was yugoslavia's ambassador to italy from the mid to late 1970s, was the serbian representative of the collective presidency of yugoslavia during the late 1980s and early 1990s, was the president of yugoslavia from 1990-91, and was a major leading figure in the socialist party of serbia in the 1990s.	borisav jovi (, ; born 19 october 1928) is a former serbian and yugoslav diplomat and politician, who was yugoslavia's ambassador to italy from the mid to late 1970s, was the serbian representative of the collective presidency of yugoslavia during the late 1980s and early 1990s, was the president of yugoslavia from 1990-91, and was a leading figure in the socialist party of serbia in the 1990s.
clarendon is the birthplace of popular republican congressman william mac thornberry, who represents the texas panhandle in a district which stretches from amarillo east to wichita falls.	clarendon is the birthplace of republican congressman william mac thornberry, who represents the texas panhandle in a district which stretches from amarillo east to wichita falls.
the software's distribution includes local network and internet support, and even comes with the firefox web browser.	the software's distribution includes local network and internet support, and comes with the firefox web browser.
gary gygax later recalled an amusing incident during those early days of role-playing:	gary gygax later recalled an incident during those early days of role-playing:
critics have noted higher resolution images of the maritian areas in question obtained by the mars global surveyor fail to support hoaglands' claims.	critics have asserted higher resolution images of the maritian areas in question obtained by the mars global surveyor fail to support hoaglands' claims.
"parker and stone assert that he quit due to the controversial episode ""trapped in the closet"", and its treatment of scientology, as hayes is a member of the cult ."	"parker and stone assert that he quit due to the controversial episode ""trapped in the closet"", and its treatment of scientology, as hayes is a member of the religion ."
the romance and germanic languages, on the other hand, were (and are) learned in schools all over the world, albeit to a small minority of students, and so their vocabulary might do the most to make esperanto as easy as possible to learn for the largest number of people.	the romance and germanic languages, on the other hand, were (and are) learned in schools all over the world, albeit to a small minority of students, and so their vocabulary would do the most to make esperanto as easy as possible to learn for the largest number of people.
the club was brilliantly led from 1983 until september 2006 by president riemer van der velde, the longest staying president ever with a professional club in holland.	the club was led from 1983 until september 2006 by president riemer van der velde, the longest staying president ever with a professional club in holland.
not only did he put thought above things but he rightly valued the thinker above thought.	not only did he put thought above things but he valued the thinker above thought.
in a series of brilliant maneuvers, union maj. gen. ulysses s. grant and his army of the tennessee crossed the mississippi river and drove the confederate army of lt. gen. john c. pemberton into defensive lines surrounding the fortress city of vicksburg, mississippi.	in a series of skilled maneuvers, union maj. gen. ulysses s. grant and his army of the tennessee crossed the mississippi river and drove the confederate army of lt. gen. john c. pemberton into defensive lines surrounding the fortress city of vicksburg, mississippi.
in september 2007, linden lab announced that they would be required to charge vat on land fees to users inside the european union, thereby increasing the business costs of many businesses in second life and making it impossible for them to compete with non-eu businesses on price.	in september 2007, linden lab announced that they would be required to charge vat on land fees to users inside the european union, thereby increasing the business costs of many businesses in second life and making it more difficult for them to compete with non-eu businesses on price.
carlos deluna (1962-1989), executed (texas, usa) after highly controversial conviction	carlos deluna (1962-1989), executed (texas, usa) after controversial conviction
as such, hamilton's action in returning the stone to scotland was widely applauded as a symbolic triumph for scottish nationalism.	as such, hamilton's action in returning the stone to scotland was applauded as a symbolic triumph for scottish nationalism.
as an avatar you can paint and build a variety of items.	as an avatar users can paint and build a variety of items.
the home of many revered educational institutions, both the first school in america, boston latin school (1635), and the first college in america, harvard university (1636), were founded in the early days of boston.	the home of many noted educational institutions, both the first school in america, boston latin school (1635), and the first college in america, harvard university (1636), were founded in the early days of boston.
he held the extraordinary distinction of having successfully nominated chief albert lutuli (1952) and mangaliso robert sobukwe (1959) to the leadership of the african national congress (anc) and pan africanist congress (pac) respectively.	he held the distinction of having successfully nominated chief albert lutuli (1952) and mangaliso robert sobukwe (1959) to the leadership of the african national congress (anc) and pan africanist congress (pac) respectively.
the 2008 south ossetia war was a land, air and sea war fought between georgia on one side, and russia, south ossetian and abkhazian militias , as well as russian paramilitaries on the other.	the 2008 south ossetia war was a land, air and sea war fought between georgia on one side, and russia, south ossetian and abkhazian militaries , as well as russian paramilitaries on the other.
to make matters worse, salamanca had very poor relations with the bolivian high command from the beginning of the conflict, when he demoted a bolivian general and placed the german mercenary hans kundt at the head of the country's armed forces at war.	to make matters worse, salamanca had very poor relations with the bolivian high command from the beginning of the conflict, when he demoted a bolivian general and placed the german hans kundt at the head of the country's armed forces at war.
the serbian police special forces (jso) used 2 mi-24s against kla terorists .	the serbian police special forces (jso) used 2 mi-24s against kla forces .
in the west this century marks the end of classical antiquity and the beginning of the dark ages.	in the west this century marks the end of classical antiquity and the beginning of the middle ages.
"the perceived moral decline that the knight's underwent over the course of this period is best highlighted by the decision of many knights to serve in foreign navies and become ""the mercenary sea-dogs of the 14th to 17th centuries"", with the french navy proving the most popular destination."	"the perceived decline that the knight's underwent over the course of this period is best highlighted by the decision of many knights to serve in foreign navies and become ""the mercenary sea-dogs of the 14th to 17th centuries"", with the french navy proving the most popular destination."
telemann was one of the most prolific major composers of all time: his all-encompassing oeuvre comprises more than 3,000 compositions, a half of which have been lost, and most of which have sadly not been performed since the 18th century.	telemann was one of the most prolific major composers of all time: his all-encompassing oeuvre comprises more than 3,000 compositions, a half of which have been lost, and most of which have not been performed since the 18th century.
on 22 september elements of the 7th rifle division, along with the 45th estonian tank regiment and the 952nd su regiment (su-76s), formed the forward detachment of the corps and liberated tallinn, for which all three units received the name of that city as a battle honor.	on 22 september elements of the 7th rifle division, along with the 45th estonian tank regiment and the 952nd su regiment (su-76s), formed the forward detachment of the corps and entered tallinn, for which all three units received the name of that city as a battle honor.
"the clay tablet on which the myth is written has unfortunately been damaged over the passage of time, but from later myths such as ""dumuzi and inanna"" and ""inanna's descent into the underworld,"" it is clear that inanna eventually selects dumuzi as her spouse."	"the clay tablet on which the myth is written has been damaged over the passage of time, but from later myths such as ""dumuzi and inanna"" and ""inanna's descent into the underworld,"" it is clear that inanna eventually selects dumuzi as her spouse."
grace helbig (born 1985), american comedienne	grace helbig (born 1985), american comedian
"mann, in his dispatch to richmond, interpreted the letter as ""a positive recognition of our government"", and some have mistakenly viewed it as a de facto recognition of the c.s.a."	"mann, in his dispatch to richmond, interpreted the letter as ""a positive recognition of our government"", and some have viewed it as a de facto recognition of the c.s.a."
joy eileen nichols (17 february 1925 23 june 1992) born in sydney, australia was a comedienne and actress who worked in australia, britain and the united states.	joy eileen nichols (17 february 1925 23 june 1992) born in sydney, australia was a comedian and actress who worked in australia, britain and the united states.
it is ideal for 48 year olds.	it is written for 48 year olds.
none are entirely persuasive, and some can hardly be taken seriously at all.	none are found to be widely persuasive, and some can hardly be taken seriously at all.
hawaii territory was annexed as the 50th state, hawaii, resulting in the present-day situation of the united states.	hawaii territory was admitted as the 50th state, hawaii, resulting in the present-day situation of the united states.
cziffra is most known for his dazzling recordings of franz liszt's virtuoso works.	cziffra is most known for his recordings of franz liszt's virtuoso works.
bishop michael ingham is the author of an important apologia for the bas, called rites for a new age.	bishop michael ingham is the author of an apologia for the bas, called rites for a new age.
duncan d. hunter endorsed donald trump for president on february 24th, 2016, after trump's landslide victory in the nevada caucuses.	duncan d. hunter endorsed donald trump for president on february 24th, 2016, after trump's victory in the nevada caucuses.
after leaving school, he started selling car aerials and electrical goods out of a van he had bought with his savings of 100. he now has an estimated fortune of around eight hundred million pounds and was ranked 71st in the sunday times rich list 2006. despite being best known as a technology businessman, most of alan sugar's wealth today comes from fortunate property speculation rather than through business ventures.	after leaving school, he started selling car aerials and electrical goods out of a van he had bought with his savings of 100. he now has an estimated fortune of around eight hundred million pounds and was ranked 71st in the sunday times rich list 2006. despite being best known as a technology businessman, most of alan sugar's wealth today comes from property speculation rather than through business ventures.
sweden built up an extensive welfare state from the 1930s and onward, partly as a consequence of the debate following crisis in the population question, published in 1934. today, sweden has generous parental leave where parents are entitled to share 16 months paid leave per child, the cost divided between both employer and state.	sweden built up an extensive welfare state from the 1930s and onward, partly as a consequence of the debate following crisis in the population question, published in 1934. today, sweden has extensive parental leave where parents are entitled to share 16 months paid leave per child, the cost divided between both employer and state.
she had had a small star tattooed on her foot some time ago, but she has recently added two significantly larger tattoos.	she had had a small star tattooed on her foot some time ago, but she recently added two significantly larger tattoos.
currently promised are a luxury hotel and apartments, a riverside walk and new bridge over the degraded river rea, and an exhibition centre.	currently promised are a luxury hotel and apartments, a riverside walk and new bridge over the river rea, and an exhibition centre.
unfortunately , the show barely lasted a year before it was cancelled.	however , the show barely lasted a year before it was cancelled.
these were sadly scrapped in 1990.	these were scrapped in 1990.
this national mosque of indonesia was built to commemorate indonesian independence, as nation's gratitude for islam 's blessings; the independence of indonesia.	this national mosque of indonesia was built to commemorate indonesian independence, as nation's gratitude for god 's blessings; the independence of indonesia.
horizontal networks of individual citizens and groups that enhance community productivity and cohesion are said to be positive social capital assets whereas self-serving exclusive gangs and hierarchical patronage systems that operate at cross purposes to communitarian interests can be thought of as negative social capital burdens on society.	horizontal networks of individual citizens and groups that enhance community productivity and cohesion are said to be positive social capital assets whereas self-serving exclusive gangs and hierarchical patronage systems that operate at cross purposes to societal interests can be thought of as negative social capital burdens on society.
prior to his death, osho had claimed that his rapid health decline was caused by some form of poison administered to him by the u.s. authorities during the twelve days he was held without bail in various us prisons.	prior to his death, osho had expressed his belief that his rapid health decline was caused by some form of poison administered to him by the u.s. authorities during the twelve days he was held without bail in various us prisons.
hoagland has been labeled by james oberg of the space review and phil plait of bad astronomy as a conspiracy theorist and fringe thinker.	hoagland has been described by james oberg of the space review and phil plait of bad astronomy as a conspiracy theorist and fringe thinker.
apple's proprietary itunes software can be used to transfer music to the devices from computers using certain versions of apple macintosh and microsoft windows operating systems.	apple's itunes software can be used to transfer music to the devices from computers using certain versions of apple macintosh and microsoft windows operating systems.
hoylake has one of the best sites for sand yachting in britain, on the banks around a quarter of a mile offshore.	hoylake has one of the premier sites for sand yachting in britain, on the banks around a quarter of a mile offshore.
after working for 17 years as a commercial lawyer, he was appointed by the south african government to serve on the transvaal supreme court from 1980 to 1989 and the appellate division of the supreme court of south africa from 1990 to 1994. he was one of several liberal judges who issued key rulings that undermined apartheid from within the system by tempering the worst effects of the country's racial laws.	after working for 17 years as a commercial lawyer, he was appointed by the south african government to serve on the transvaal supreme court from 1980 to 1989 and the appellate division of the supreme court of south africa from 1990 to 1994. he was one of several judges who issued key rulings that undermined apartheid from within the system by tempering the worst effects of the country's racial laws.
he has been the director general of the catholic order of the legionaries of christ since january 2005 and sadly has been accused of serious corruption.	he has been the director general of the catholic order of the legionaries of christ since january 2005 and has been accused of serious corruption.
in peloponnesos, at any rate, the revolution had been grimly successful.	in peloponnesos, at any rate, the revolution had been successful.
the near north side is one of 77 well- defined community areas of chicago, illinois, united states.	the near north side is one of 77 defined community areas of chicago, illinois, united states.
joseph smith, jr. (december 23, 1805 june 27, 1844) was an american religious leader and founder of the latter day saint movement, the predominant branch of which is mormonism.	joseph smith, jr. (december 23, 1805 june 27, 1844) was an american religious leader and founder of the latter day saint movement, the largest branch of which is mormonism.
the play went uncalled during the game, prompting bruins coach mike milbury to retaliate with a team of goons for game 4. neely would have several injury shortened seasons after the hit, and, oddly, would never play against samuelsson for the rest of his career.	the play went uncalled during the game, prompting bruins coach mike milbury to retaliate with a team of enforcers for game 4. neely would have several injury shortened seasons after the hit, and, oddly, would never play against samuelsson for the rest of his career.
alan rich, music critic of new york magazine, took a more sensibly sceptical line.	alan rich, music critic of new york magazine, took a more sceptical line.
at the same time, it also offers an exciting insider's account of the german resistance movement.	at the same time, it also offers an insider's account of the german resistance movement.
st john the baptist church is a beautiful mediaeval (11th century) church in edlingham, alnwick, northumberland.	st john the baptist church is a mediaeval (11th century) church in edlingham, alnwick, northumberland.
upon the discovery of pluto in 1930, neptune became the penultimate planet, save for a 20-year period between 1979 and 1999 when pluto's extremely elliptical orbit brought it closer to the sun than neptune.	upon the discovery of pluto in 1930, neptune became the penultimate planet, save for a 20-year period between 1979 and 1999 when pluto's elliptical orbit brought it closer to the sun than neptune.
he received much of his education in leyden and as early as his sixteenth year began his literary career with some verses to dr. johnson.	he received much of his education in leiden and as early as his sixteenth year began his literary career with some verses to dr. johnson.
"appearing on triple j, a national australian radio station, srsen performed a haunting live studio cover of madonna's ""burning up"" for the station's like a version segment on 19 august 2011."	"appearing on triple j, a national australian radio station, srsen performed a live studio cover of madonna's ""burning up"" for the station's like a version segment on 19 august 2011."
the band of precipitation that is associated with the warm front is often extensive, and when trying to dislodge an arctic air mass, overrunning snow can result within the northern section of the elongated precipitation band.	the band of precipitation that is associated with the warm front is often extensive, and when trying to dislodge an arctic air mass, overrunning snow can result within the poleward section of the elongated precipitation band.
however, since most extinctions are likely to go undocumented, some scientists speculate that the number of extinct species in the current event may already number in the millions.	however, since most extinctions are likely to go undocumented, some scientists estimate that the number of extinct species in the current event may already number in the millions.
"work secretary john hutton admitted that the csa's performance was ""unacceptable"", and announced that it would be reviewed."	"work secretary john hutton stated that the csa's performance was ""unacceptable"", and announced that it would be reviewed."
the legendary chicago tenorist von freeman also did a short stint with the band of the early 1950s.	the chicago tenorist von freeman also did a short stint with the band of the early 1950s.
pudding can be prepared with a large variety of delicious toppings such as fresh fruit and whipped cream	pudding can be prepared with a large variety of toppings such as fresh fruit and whipped cream
"the racist bnp are active in the town and won the ""dewsbury east"" ward in the local elections of 4th may 2006; their support is strongest in chickenley."	"the bnp are active in the town and won the ""dewsbury east"" ward in the local elections of 4th may 2006; their support is strongest in chickenley."
unauthentic mail order and commercial brands use other forms of whipped topping, since the delicate meringue topping does not ship well.	mail order and commercial brands use other forms of whipped topping, since the delicate meringue topping does not ship well.
in some isolated cases international women's day has been led to questionable practices that discriminated against men.	in some cases international women's day has been led to questionable practices that discriminated against men.
the base station may be run by the user himself or it may be run by an operating company who will hire out channels to individual users.	the base station may be run by the user themselves or it may be run by an operating company who will hire out channels to individual users.
unfortunately after a series of unfortunate incidents and management decisions, the wittingslow operation went into receivership in 2001 ending an era for australia's east coast agricultural shows.	after a series of unfortunate incidents and management decisions, the wittingslow operation went into receivership in 2001 ending an era for australia's east coast agricultural shows.
"sherman pore, who was obviously over the limit of 28 when he auditioned in los angeles, still had his audition with a beautiful rendition of ""you belong to me""."	"sherman pore, who was obviously over the limit of 28 when he auditioned in los angeles, still had his audition with a rendition of ""you belong to me""."
these limitations helped persuade moreno to incorporate the museum into the new and growing university of la plata (today argentina's second-largest) in 1906. this led to his retirement as director, though by no means of his role as its preeminent caretaker, which occupied him until his passing in 1919.	these limitations helped persuade moreno to incorporate the museum into the new and growing university of la plata (today argentina's second-largest) in 1906. this led to his retirement as director, though by no means of his role as its preeminent caretaker, which occupied him until his death in 1919.
black gold, an excellent 2006 documentary about coffee	black gold, an 2006 documentary about coffee
the audience members expressed their anger and bitterness over cohen's idyllic portrayal of life in iran.	the audience members expressed their anger and bitterness over cohen's positive portrayal of life in iran.
postfix runs (or has run) on aix, bsd, hp-ux, gnu/ linux, os x, solaris and, generally speaking, on every unix-like operating system that ships with a c compiler and delivers a standard posix development environment.	postfix runs (or has run) on aix, bsd, hp-ux, linux, os x, solaris and, generally speaking, on every unix-like operating system that ships with a c compiler and delivers a standard posix development environment.
in his reflections on the revolution in france, burke claimed that the revolution was destroying the fabric of good society, traditional institutions of state and society and condemned the persecution of the catholic church that resulted from it.	in his reflections on the revolution in france, burke asserted that the revolution was destroying the fabric of good society, traditional institutions of state and society and condemned the persecution of the catholic church that resulted from it.
the duggar family is a family from tontitown, arkansas in the u.s. it's headed by jim bob duggar and michelle duggar (married july 21, 1984), who have been repeatedly featured in the news and entertainment media for their large number of children (currently 18; and expecting their 19th), as well as their membership in the fringe quiverfull christian movement.	the duggar family is a family from tontitown, arkansas in the u.s. it's headed by jim bob duggar and michelle duggar (married july 21, 1984), who have been repeatedly featured in the news and entertainment media for their large number of children (currently 18; and expecting their 19th), as well as their membership in the quiverfull christian movement.
some libertarians and political scientists make a distinction between negative and positive rights (not to be confused with the distinction between negative and positive liberties).	some philosophers and political scientists make a distinction between negative and positive rights (not to be confused with the distinction between negative and positive liberties).
in early march 1966, several media outlets, including the new republic and the new york times, alleged that gm had tried to discredit nader, hiring private detectives to tap his phones and investigate his past, and hiring prostitutes to trap him in compromising situations.	in early march 1966, several media outlets, including the new republic and the new york times, reported that gm had tried to discredit nader, hiring private detectives to tap his phones and investigate his past, and hiring prostitutes to trap him in compromising situations.
he also noted that the river to the sea phrase dates to the early 20th century and has never been the exclusive province of a particular ideological camp and that the idea that this is a hamas phrase is simply untrue.	he also said that the river to the sea phrase dates to the early 20th century and has never been the exclusive province of a particular ideological camp and that the idea that this is a hamas phrase is simply untrue.
those words opened a series telling the story of white bounty hunter earl corey (murray) who teams up with newly released slave jemal david (young) in the 1860s.	those words opened a series telling the story of bounty hunter earl corey (murray) who teams up with newly released slave jemal david (young) in the 1860s.
petar atsev was a macedonian revolutionary, a voyvoda of the internal macedonian-adrianople revolutionary organization (imaro) for the region of prilep.	petar atsev was a bulgarian revolutionary, a voyvoda of the internal macedonian-adrianople revolutionary organization (imaro) for the region of prilep.
"however, he concedes that a ""moses-like figure"" may have existed somewhere in the southern transjordan in the mid-13th century bc."	"however, he states that a ""moses-like figure"" may have existed somewhere in the southern transjordan in the mid-13th century bc."
divestment has been pursued by a number of mainline christian denominations in the usa and western europe.	divestment has been explored and implemented by a number of mainline christian denominations in the usa and western europe.
he is known for having instigated the 2014 bundy standoff in nevada, an armed standoff with federal and state law enforcement over defaulted grazing fees.	he is known for having participated in the 2014 bundy standoff in nevada, an armed standoff with federal and state law enforcement over defaulted grazing fees.
the purex process can be modified to make a urex (uranium extraction) process which could be used to save space inside high level nuclear waste dumps , such as yucca mountain, by removing the uranium which makes up the vast majority of the mass and volume of used fuel.	the purex process can be modified to make a urex (uranium extraction) process which could be used to save space inside high level nuclear waste disposal sites , such as yucca mountain, by removing the uranium which makes up the vast majority of the mass and volume of used fuel.
while commited skeptics believe such individuals are either self-deluded or charlatans who engage in cold reading, popular mediums often have many followers who believe strongly in their purported abilities.	while skeptics believe such individuals are either self-deluded or charlatans who engage in cold reading, popular mediums often have many followers who believe strongly in their purported abilities.
"at least 365 sane people were treated for ""politically defined madness"" in the soviet union, and there were surely hundreds more."	"at least 365 people were treated for ""politically defined madness"" in the soviet union, and there were surely hundreds more."
the bavarian government suppressed the medal and ordered their confiscation in april 1917. the original german medals ( less than 500 were struck) can most easily be distinguished from the english copies because the date is in german; the english version spells 'may' rather than 'mai'.	the bavarian government suppressed the medal and ordered their confiscation in april 1917. the original german medals ( fewer than 500 were struck) can most easily be distinguished from the english copies because the date is in german; the english version spells 'may' rather than 'mai'.
it includes a healthy population of birds and hosts the popular waugh bat bridge.	it includes a population of birds and hosts the popular waugh bat bridge.
on september 4, 2012, new-york based record label temporary residence reissued the entire disintegration loops series as a massive 9xlp box set, marking the project's 10-year anniversary as well as its impending induction into the national september 11 memorial & museum.	on september 4, 2012, new-york based record label temporary residence reissued the entire disintegration loops series as a 9xlp box set, marking the project's 10-year anniversary as well as its impending induction into the national september 11 memorial & museum.
he was born in 1207, the son of the infamous king john, and succeeded to the throne at the age of nine, with the result that the country was ruled by regents until 1227. henry married eleanor of provence, and they had nine children, the eldest of whom succeeded henry as edward i of england.	he was born in 1207, the son of the king john, and succeeded to the throne at the age of nine, with the result that the country was ruled by regents until 1227. henry married eleanor of provence, and they had nine children, the eldest of whom succeeded henry as edward i of england.
koch, rubin, and lamadrid agreed on the name samuel adams after the boston patriot, who fought for american independence, and who also had inherited a brewing tradition from his beloved father.	koch, rubin, and lamadrid agreed on the name samuel adams after the boston patriot, who fought for american independence, and who also had inherited a brewing tradition from his father.
at the end of the american civil war, emperor dom pedro ii of brazil sent recruiters into the american south to recruit experienced cotton farmers for his poor nation.	at the end of the american civil war, emperor dom pedro ii of brazil sent recruiters into the american south to recruit experienced cotton farmers for his nation.
police forces are government organisations ostensibly charged with the responsibility of maintaining law and order.	police forces are government organisations charged with the responsibility of maintaining law and order.
into a powerful clan, the banu umayya, of the quraysh tribe.	into a clan, the banu umayya, of the quraysh tribe.
hong kong is a special administrative region (sar) which enjoys a high degree of autonomy under the people's republic of china (prc), guaranteed under article 2 of hong kong basic law as ratified under the sino-british joint declaration.	hong kong is a special administrative region (sar) which operates under a high degree of autonomy under the people's republic of china (prc), guaranteed under article 2 of hong kong basic law as ratified under the sino-british joint declaration.
there have been incidents in which men have been assaulted, usually by their significant partners, by having their penises severed.	there have been incidents in which men have been assaulted, usually by their sexual partners, by having their penises severed.
chinatown has excellent local and regional transportation connections.	chinatown has several local and regional transportation connections.
the conflict began when hezbollah fired katyusha rockets and mortars at israeli border villages, diverting attention from another hezbollah unit that crossed the israeli border, killed three israeli soldiers, and took two others hostage .	the conflict began when hezbollah fired katyusha rockets and mortars at israeli border villages, diverting attention from another hezbollah unit that crossed the israeli border, killed three israeli soldiers, and took two others captive .
harrison bravely battled the cancer, but it finally killed him on 29 november 2001. the quiet beatle was 58 years old.	harrison battled the cancer, but it finally killed him on 29 november 2001. the quiet beatle was 58 years old.
beginning in the late 1990s he came under broad investigations for political activities by the federal bureau of investigation (f.b.i) and the joint terrorism task force (jttf) in nine states which continued for almost a decade and included being targeted by controversial f.b.i.	beginning in the late 1990s he came under broad investigations for political activities by the federal bureau of investigation (f.b.i) and the joint terrorism task force (jttf) in nine states which continued for almost a decade and included being targeted by the f.b.i.
regan was unfairly fired from harpercollins in december 2006 and the staff at reganbooks was reassigned.	regan was fired from harpercollins in december 2006 and the staff at reganbooks was reassigned.
aryeh abraham frimer was born in minneapolis minn. to rabbi dr. norman e. frimer and esther miriam frimer on november 24, 1946, but spent most of his formative years in brooklyn, ny.	aryeh abraham frimer was born in minneapolis , minnesota, united states, to rabbi dr. norman e. frimer and esther miriam frimer on november 24, 1946, but spent most of his formative years in brooklyn, ny.
it was thankfully fixed in 2007 by nikolaus lindberg, who noticed that there were mistakes made in the settings of the mixer and the sound compressor.	it was fixed in 2007 by nikolaus lindberg, who noticed that there were mistakes made in the settings of the mixer and the sound compressor.
iraq war: united states forces rescue 42 iraqis from an al-qaeda hideout northeast of baghdad with some captives showing signs of torture.	iraq war: united states forces release 42 iraqis from an al-qaeda hideout northeast of baghdad with some captives showing signs of torture.
some supposed chocolate bars, such as kit kat and coffee crisp, are actually wafers with chocolate in and around them.	some chocolate bars, such as kit kat and coffee crisp, are actually wafers with chocolate in and around them.
the title of the book, as well as the book itself, is a reference to a book by richard plant called the pink triangle: the nazi war against homosexuals, a book detailing homophobia in the nazi party and the homosexual victims of nazism.	the title of the book, as well as the book itself, is a reference to a book by richard plant called the pink triangle: the nazi war against homosexuals, a book alleging homophobia in the nazi party and the homosexual victims of nazism.
by time he was 18 years of age, titu mir had become a hafiz of holy quran, and a scholar of hadith.	by time he was 18 years of age, titu mir had become a hafiz of quran, and a scholar of hadith.
"editors are encouraged to uphold a policy of ""neutral point of view"" under which notable perspectives are summarized without an attempt to determine an objective truth."	"editors are required to uphold a policy of ""neutral point of view"" under which notable perspectives are summarized without an attempt to determine an objective truth."
"following the march on the jedi temple sequence (itself a direct tribute to sergei eisenstein's ""odessa steps"" montage in the battleship potemkin; save that the white-armored troopers are marching up the steps), lucas' editing schemes during order 66, the slaughter of the separatists and the declaration of the galactic empire are eerily reminiscent of the montage of massacres during the christening scene of the godfather, a film directed by mentor francis ford coppola."	"following the march on the jedi temple sequence (itself a direct tribute to sergei eisenstein's ""odessa steps"" montage in the battleship potemkin; save that the white-armored troopers are marching up the steps), lucas' editing schemes during order 66, the slaughter of the separatists and the declaration of the galactic empire are reminiscent of the montage of massacres during the christening scene of the godfather, a film directed by mentor francis ford coppola."
it was liberated by the croatian army during operation storm.	it was retaken by the croatian army during operation storm.
a number of western academics prominent in the field of ottoman history, including bernard lewis (princeton university), heath lowry (princeton university), justin mccarthy (university of louisville), gilles veinstein (college de france), and stanford shaw (ucla, bilkent university) have expressed doubts as to the genocidal character of the events.	a number of western academics in the field of ottoman history, including bernard lewis (princeton university) , heath lowry (princeton university) , justin mccarthy (university of louisville), gilles veinstein (college de france), and stanford shaw (ucla, bilkent university) have expressed doubts as to the genocidal character of the events.
his theology has a fragmentary, unsystematic nature, due at least in part to his untimely death, and is subject to diverse and contradictory interpretations, sometimes necessarily based on speculation and projection.	his theology has a fragmentary, unsystematic nature, due at least in part to his early death, and is subject to diverse and contradictory interpretations, sometimes necessarily based on speculation and projection.
american neoconservative weekly opinion magazine the weekly standard announces that it will shut down this month after 23 years in print.	american conservative weekly opinion magazine the weekly standard announces that it will shut down this month after 23 years in print.
once an avid pet lover and baseball fanatic, life at the rahway boys home has changed him; and lafayette (julito mccullum), the youngest bailey brother at age fourteen, loves and breathes baseball, but his game has been out-of-sync since his mother's passing .	once an avid pet lover and baseball fanatic, life at the rahway boys home has changed him; and lafayette (julito mccullum), the youngest bailey brother at age fourteen, loves and breathes baseball, but his game has been out-of-sync since his mother's death .
michel was married corinne woodruff (michel) from 1948 until her passing in 2003. the couple had four children, scott, bruce, robin, and laurie.	michel was married corinne woodruff (michel) from 1948 until her death in 2003. the couple had four children, scott, bruce, robin, and laurie.
hostile discussion of fuller's contribution to the kitzmiller v. dover area school district trial	discussion of fuller's contribution to the kitzmiller v. dover area school district trial
although smith's early christian restorationist teachings were similar in many ways to other movements of his time, smith was and remains a controversial and polarizing figure, both because of his collection of religious and social innovations, and as a result of his large, devoted, and morally powerful following, which has continued to grow to the present day.	although smith's early christian restorationist teachings were similar in many ways to other movements of his time, smith was and remains a controversial and polarizing figure, both because of his collection of religious and social innovations, and as a result of his large, devoted, and powerful following, which has continued to grow to the present day.
fema actually deliberately slowed things down, in an effort to insure that all assistance and relief workers were coordinated properly.	fema was accused of deliberately slowed things down, in an effort to insure that all assistance and relief workers were coordinated properly.
after the end of the war, he was arrested and committed suicide while in captivity .	after the end of the war, he was arrested and committed suicide while in custody .
usmah bin muhammad bin `awad bin ldin (born march 10, 1957) , commonly known as osama bin laden, or usama bin laden, , is usually considered to be the figurehead of al-qaeda, a sunni islamist terrorist network that has been involved in attacks against civilians and military targets around the world.	usmah bin muhammad bin `awad bin ldin (born march 10, 1957) , commonly known as osama bin laden, or usama bin laden, , is usually considered to be the figurehead of al-qaeda, a sunni islamist network that has been involved in attacks against civilians and military targets around the world.
for example, these muslim-majority countries may inflict the death penalty for sodomy and homosexual activities: iran, mauritania, nigeria, saudi arabia, somalia.	for example, these muslim-majority countries may impose the death penalty for sodomy and homosexual activities: iran, mauritania, nigeria, saudi arabia, somalia.
einstein's first paper on relativity was published three months after poincar's short paper, but well before poincar's longer version.	einstein's first paper on relativity was published three months after poincar's short paper, but before poincar's longer version.
"in the ""cartman gets an anal probe"" episode of the adult cartoon south park, characters eric cartman and officer barbrady lapse into owl jolson's odd song-and-dance routine whenever they get hit with an alien beam."	"in the ""cartman gets an anal probe"" episode of the cartoon south park, characters eric cartman and officer barbrady lapse into owl jolson's odd song-and-dance routine whenever they get hit with an alien beam."
the bhumihars are classified in the brahmin varna in hinduism and hence use the designation bhumihar brahmin or babhan,	the bhumihars are classify themselves in the brahmin varna in hinduism and hence use the designation bhumihar brahmin or babhan,
in november 1977, liam townson, a 24-year-old pira volunteer from the village of meigh outside newry was convicted of nairac's murder.	in november 1977, liam townson, a 24-year-old pira member from the village of meigh outside newry was convicted of nairac's murder.
the prowailing wall committee was established in palestine on 24 july 1929, by joseph klausner, professor of modern hebrew literature at the hebrew university, to defend jewish rights at the western wall.	the prowailing wall committee was established in palestine on 24 july 1929, by joseph klausner, professor of modern hebrew literature at the hebrew university, to promote jewish rights at the western wall.
!colspan=2| main ideologies	!colspan=2| related ideologies
a view of the wasa's beautiful stern	a view of the wasa's stern
"valerie plame is an american central intelligence agency employee whose identification as a cia ""operative"" by pundit- columnist robert novak on july 14, 2003 resulted in a justice department investigation into possible violation of u.s. criminal law regarding exposure of covert government agents."	"valerie plame is an american central intelligence agency employee whose identification as a cia ""operative"" by columnist robert novak on july 14, 2003 resulted in a justice department investigation into possible violation of u.s. criminal law regarding exposure of covert government agents."
his other great novel, star maker (1937), could also be considered a sequel to last and first men, but is even more ambitious in scope, being a history of the entire universe.	his other novel, star maker (1937), could also be considered a sequel to last and first men, but is even more ambitious in scope, being a history of the entire universe.
the schaeffler technologies ag & co. kg (also known as schaeffler group respectively schaeffler gruppe in german) is a major manufacturer of rolling element bearings for automotive, aerospace and industrial uses before october 9, 2015 ipo in germany.	the schaeffler technologies ag & co. kg (also known as schaeffler group respectively schaeffler gruppe in german) is a manufacturer of rolling element bearings for automotive, aerospace and industrial uses before october 9, 2015 ipo in germany.
even if the attacker gained access to the jail's superuser account, he/she could only modify that jail, and not the whole system.	even if the attacker gained access to the jail's superuser account, they could only modify that jail, and not the whole system.
"barbara went to woodmill high, previously she lived in ""dolly town""."	"dickson went to woodmill high, previously she lived in ""dolly town""."
a hafiz, ahmed had memorized the holy qur'an by heart as a child and spoke only standard arabic shunning slang and local dialects.	a hafiz, ahmed had memorized the qur'an by heart as a child and spoke only standard arabic shunning slang and local dialects.
located in the boundary zone between the east slavic/russian and finnish worlds, the town has changed hands several times in history, most recently in 1944 when the soviet union retook it from finland during world war ii.	located in the boundary zone between the east slavic/russian and finnish worlds, the town has changed hands several times in history, most recently in 1944 when the soviet union captured it from finland during world war ii.
the use of these short clips constitutes fair use.	the use of these short clips is believe to constitute fair use.
"this law's sister law is the "" respectful retreat"" law, which is the case in most u.s. northeastern states, such as connecticut, new york, pennsylvania, massachusetts (where castle doctrine takes effect only within the confines of the 'dwelling')."	"this law's sister law is the "" duty to retreat"" law, which is the case in most u.s. northeastern states, such as connecticut, new york, pennsylvania, massachusetts (where castle doctrine takes effect only within the confines of the 'dwelling')."
upon release child of eden was met with very positive reception.	upon release child of eden was met with positive reception.
"in 2011, u.s. senator john mccain said in a visit to moldova that moscow is violating the territorial integrity of moldova and georgia and one of the ""fundamental norms"" of ""international behavior""."	"in 2011, u.s. senator john mccain claimed in a visit to moldova that moscow is violating the territorial integrity of moldova and georgia and one of the ""fundamental norms"" of ""international behavior""."
she even rendered assistance to men with smallpox; that she did not contract the disease herself started more rumors that she was blessed by god.	she rendered assistance to men with smallpox; that she did not contract the disease herself started more rumors that she was blessed by god.
it is based on the life and career of actress and comedienne lucille ball.	it is based on the life and career of actress and comedian lucille ball.
de menezes was murdered at stockwell tube station on the london underground by unnamed metropolitan police officers.	de menezes was shot dead at stockwell tube station on the london underground by unnamed metropolitan police officers.
this apocalyptic scenario depended upon axis forces in north africa receiving adequate supplies from italy.	this scenario depended upon axis forces in north africa receiving adequate supplies from italy.
sugarcrm is an innovative opensource crm.	sugarcrm is an opensource crm.
church refuses to acknowledge past doctrines as racially motivated	church asked to acknowledge past doctrines as racially motivated
victoria wood (born 1953), english singer, writer and comedienne	victoria wood (born 1953), english singer, writer and comedian
robert julian bentley (born february 3, 1943) is an american disgraced politician and physician who served as the 53rd governor of alabama from 2011 until 2017 upon his resignation for infidelity and dishonesty.	robert julian bentley (born february 3, 1943) is an american former politician and physician who served as the 53rd governor of alabama from 2011 until 2017 upon his resignation for infidelity and dishonesty.
as in most myst games, it is fun to extract the video and audio so that they can be edited into custom movies.	as in most myst games, it is possible to extract the video and audio so that they can be edited into custom movies.
gopinath muthukad is a popular magician, escapologist, and stunt performer from kerala, india.	gopinath muthukad is a magician, escapologist, and stunt performer from kerala, india.
honda responded with an updated version of the v12 engine, while oatley redesigned various features of the car, especially the sidepods and wings.	honda responded with an updated version of the v12 engine, while oatley redesigned various features of the car, particularly the sidepods and wings.
it is also customarily sung by supporters of several soccer clubs, beginning with celtic f.c.	it is also customarily sung by supporters of several soccer clubs, beginning with liverpool f.c.
product red, stylized as (product)red, is a licensed brand owned by (red) that seeks to engage the private sector in raising awareness and funds to help eliminate hiv/aids only in africa.	product red, stylized as (product)red, is a licensed brand owned by (red) that seeks to engage the private sector in raising awareness and funds to help eliminate hiv/aids in africa.
she is married to sir trevor nunn; they have two children, a son, jessie, and a gorgeous daughter, ellie.	she is married to sir trevor nunn; they have two children, a son, jessie, and a daughter, ellie.
initially these guitar came in a natural finish to accentuate the gorgeous layered effect, with either maple or walnut for the top & bottom layer.	initially these guitar came in a natural finish to accentuate the layered effect, with either maple or walnut for the top & bottom layer.
tommy johnson (1896 november 1, 1956) was an influential american delta blues musician who recorded in the late 1920s and was known for his eerie falsetto voice and intricate guitar playing.	tommy johnson (1896 november 1, 1956) was an american delta blues musician who recorded in the late 1920s and was known for his eerie falsetto voice and intricate guitar playing.
with the backing of napoleon iii of france and a group of mexican conservatives , he was proclaimed emperor of mexico on april 10, 1864. many foreign governments refused to recognize his government, especially the united states; this ensured the success of republican forces led by benito jurez, and maximilian was executed, after his capture by mexican republicans, in quertaro in 1867.	with the backing of napoleon iii of france and a group of mexican monarchists , he was proclaimed emperor of mexico on april 10, 1864. many foreign governments refused to recognize his government, especially the united states; this ensured the success of republican forces led by benito jurez, and maximilian was executed, after his capture by mexican republicans, in quertaro in 1867.
strong appeared in movies such as the craft, spaceballs, the deep end of the ocean, red dragon, exposed, starship troopers and starship troopers 2 ( curiously her character died in the original but she returned in a different role in the second movie).	strong appeared in movies such as the craft, spaceballs, the deep end of the ocean, red dragon, exposed, starship troopers and starship troopers 2 (her character died in the original but she returned in a different role in the second movie).
he was the main singer of former renowned south korean hip-hop duo, leessang.	he was the main singer of former south korean hip-hop duo, leessang.
"in the pacific and european theatres during world war ii, ""foo-fighters"" (metallic spheres, balls of light and other shapes that followed aircraft) were reported and on occasion photographed by allied and axis pilots but were dismissed by scientists as st. elmo's fire or illusions."	"in the pacific and european theatres during world war ii, ""foo-fighters"" (metallic spheres, balls of light and other shapes that followed aircraft) were reported and on occasion photographed by allied and axis pilots but were explained by scientists as st. elmo's fire or illusions."
2004 would prove even less successful - watson-smith achieved a fine 14th in his debut season, but hairuman could do no better than 23rd in the championship, with proton once again finishing 4th, and last, in the manufacturer's championship - an astounding 325 points behind the 3rd-placed seat sport uk, who were competing in their first season with the super 2000-spec seat toledo.	2004 would prove even less successful - watson-smith achieved a fine 14th in his debut season, but hairuman could do no better than 23rd in the championship, with proton once again finishing 4th, and last, in the manufacturer's championship - an 325 points behind the 3rd-placed seat sport uk, who were competing in their first season with the super 2000-spec seat toledo.
maurice is 11 at the beginning of the film, rather than 14. the film omits almost all of the novel's philosophical dialogue, and also many subplots such as maurice's lust for the schoolboy dickie (the scenes dealing with this subplot were deleted from the final cut).	maurice is 11 at the beginning of the film, rather than 14. the film omits almost all of the novel's philosophical dialogue, and also many subplots such as maurice's desire for the schoolboy dickie (the scenes dealing with this subplot were deleted from the final cut).
"susan denise atkins (born may 7, 1948) is a convicted american murderess who was a member of the ""manson family"", led by charles manson."	"susan denise atkins (born may 7, 1948) is a convicted american murderer who was a member of the ""manson family"", led by charles manson."
"in 2007, abu el haj hypothesized that genetic research had disproved ""the 'fact' that the jewish maternal line originated in ancient palestine."""	"in 2007, abu el haj argued that genetic research had disproved ""the 'fact' that the jewish maternal line originated in ancient palestine."""
baps shri swaminarayan mandir london was inaugurated on august 20, 1995 by his holiness pramukh swami maharaj.	baps shri swaminarayan mandir london was inaugurated on august 20, 1995 by his pramukh swami maharaj.
the concept of a 'race war' is a core rallying cry for racist extremist groups .	the concept of a 'race war' is a core rallying cry for extremist groups.
at the time the press, including belfast newsletter, (1 may 1922) irish times (29 april 1922) and the new york times, speculated that the killings at dunmanway were in reprisal for the ongoing massacre of catholics in belfast.	at the time the press, including belfast newsletter, (1 may 1922) irish times (29 april 1922) and the new york times, speculated that the killings at dunmanway were in reprisal for the ongoing killings of catholics in belfast.
in february 2012 environmentalist scientist and president of the pacific institute peter gleick fraudulently obtained internal heartland institute documents and divulged them, together with an additional document he later claimed to have received from an unknown source, to public websites.	in february 2012 environmentalist scientist and president of the pacific institute peter gleick obtained internal heartland institute documents and divulged them, together with an additional document he later claimed to have received from an unknown source, to public websites.
flurazepam has abuse potential and should never be used with alcohol or any other substance that can cause drowsiness.	flurazepam has abuse potential and should never be used with alcoholic beverage s or any other substance that can cause drowsiness.
in the period before the dissolution of the western region, nigeria, the school earned the enviable fame of being the best secondary school in nigeria.	in the period before the dissolution of the western region, nigeria, the school earned the fame of being the best secondary school in nigeria.
silver maples of chelsea - a vibrant non-profit retirement community in chelsea, michigan.	silver maples of chelsea - a non-profit retirement community in chelsea, michigan.
subjects who survived mengele's experiments were almost always murdered after the experiments for dissection.	subjects who survived mengele's experiments were almost always killed after the experiments for dissection.
while providing a legitimate sexual outlet, the practice of casual sex often carries negative connotations.	while providing a sexual outlet, the practice of casual sex often carries negative connotations.
conceicao rodrigues memorial debate is a prestigious debate competition in mumbai, hosted annually by fr.	conceicao rodrigues memorial debate is a debate competition in mumbai, hosted annually by fr.
the ithaca gun company is a manufacturer of high-quality shotguns and rifles originally established in ithaca, new york in 1880.	the ithaca gun company is a manufacturer of shotguns and rifles originally established in ithaca, new york in 1880.
"not long afterwards, rabbi zundel realizing the vast greatness of his son-in-law, appointed rabbi shmuel salant as the official head of the rabbinical court, a position which rabbi shmuel held for almost seventy years until his passing in 1909. rabbi shmuel holds the official title of ""first chief rabbi of jerusalem""."	"not long afterwards, rabbi zundel realizing the vast greatness of his son-in-law, appointed rabbi shmuel salant as the official head of the rabbinical court, a position which rabbi shmuel held for almost seventy years until his death in 1909. rabbi shmuel holds the official title of ""first chief rabbi of jerusalem""."
"derided by critics as being an unfocused project, the satellite was nicknamed goresat, and was often referred to as an ""overpriced screen saver"" by republicans."	"derided by both scientists and politicians as being an unfocused project, the satellite was nicknamed goresat, and was often referred to as an ""overpriced screen saver"" by republicans."
pizzolungo has white, sandy beaches and the hills and cliffs surround the coastline, making for a breathtaking view.	pizzolungo has white, sandy beaches and the hills and cliffs surround the coastline, making for a scenic view.
game one pitted the red sox's gun-for-hire curt schilling against yankees ace mike mussina.	game one pitted the red sox's star pitcher curt schilling against yankees ace mike mussina.
tony and ed reunited to release a final get this podcast (not broadcast on radio) on 24 december 2008 as a tribute to richard marsland after his passing , with some of marsland's best moments.	tony and ed reunited to release a final get this podcast (not broadcast on radio) on 24 december 2008 as a tribute to richard marsland after his death , with some of marsland's best moments.
"vincent riveroll came into this tough situation as middle school principal, and together with a committed group of teacher and staff members, he ""started the war to reclaim gompers."""	"vincent riveroll came into this situation as middle school principal, and together with a committed group of teacher and staff members, he ""started the war to reclaim gompers."""
twelver sha believe that al-mahd was born in 869 (15 shabn 255 ah) and assumed imamate at 5 years of age following the martyrdom of his father hasan al-askari.	twelver sha believe that al-mahd was born in 869 (15 shabn 255 ah) and assumed imamate at 5 years of age following the killing of his father hasan al-askari.
they are noteworthy among songbirds both because of their amazingly long and complex songs and because they are one of the few passerine species that has a distribution spanning both north america and eurasia.	they are noteworthy among songbirds both because of their long and complex songs and because they are one of the few passerine species that has a distribution spanning both north america and eurasia.
alan thornett (born 15 june 1937) is a british trotskyist leader .	alan thornett (born 15 june 1937) is a british trotskyist.
these texts propose a theory of communization that has recently become extremely influential among the english and french speaking communist left.	these texts propose a theory of communization that has recently become influential among the english and french speaking communist left.
the open court of wessex fives, built in 1787, is still in existence at warminster school although has sadly fallen out of regular use.	the open court of wessex fives, built in 1787, is still in existence at warminster school although has fallen out of regular use.
marcel granier and his television network supported the april 11, 2002 coup attempt against president hugo chvez, the brief government of pedro carmona estanga, and the general strike that began on december 2, 2002 and lasted until february 4, 2003. these events resulted in the government's refusal to renew rctv's license to air on the public airwaves.	marcel granier and his television network have been accused of supporting the april 11, 2002 coup attempt against president hugo chvez, the brief government of pedro carmona estanga, and the general strike that began on december 2, 2002 and lasted until february 4, 2003. these events resulted in the government's refusal to renew rctv's license to air on the public airwaves.
the spotlight was a weekly newspaper in the united states, published from 1975 to 2001 by the now-defunct anti-semitic liberty lobby.	the spotlight was a weekly newspaper in the united states, published from 1975 to 2001 by the now-defunct liberty lobby.
in 1991, faurisson was removed from his university chair on the basis of his unpopular views under the gayssot act, a french statute passed in 1990 that prohibited holocaust denial.	in 1991, faurisson was removed from his university chair on the basis of his views under the gayssot act, a french statute passed in 1990 that prohibited holocaust denial.
together with fellow staff-member kent ford, rubin announced at a 1975 meeting of the american astronomical society the astonishing discovery that most stars in spiral galaxies orbit at roughly the same speed, which implied that their mass densities were uniform well beyond the locations with most of the stars (the galactic bulge).	together with fellow staff-member kent ford, rubin announced at a 1975 meeting of the american astronomical society the discovery that most stars in spiral galaxies orbit at roughly the same speed, which implied that their mass densities were uniform well beyond the locations with most of the stars (the galactic bulge).
hot chip is a grammy-nominated british electropop band.	hot chip is a british electropop band.
halloran began his pathetic coaching career as a graduate assistant at boston college and later was an assistant coach at worcester polytechnic institute.	halloran began his coaching career as a graduate assistant at boston college and later was an assistant coach at worcester polytechnic institute.
the affair led to a period of pop culture celebrity for lewinsky, both as an unlikely sex symbol and as a younger-generation nexus of a political storm that was both lighthearted, and extremely serious at the same time.	the affair led to a period of pop culture celebrity for lewinsky, both as an sex symbol and as a younger-generation nexus of a political storm that was both lighthearted, and extremely serious at the same time.
western scientific and technological achievements	western scientific and technological inventions and discoveries
in baka to test to shkanj, the male characters are confronted with nice girls (including the trap hideyoshi kinoshita).	in baka to test to shkanj, the male characters are confronted with nice girls (including the androgynous hideyoshi kinoshita).
aga rangemaster group limited is a british manufacturer of luxury range cookers, kitchen appliances, and interior furnishings, which was acquired by middleby corporation in september 2015 after it received a takeover approach from whirlpool.	aga rangemaster group limited is a british manufacturer of range cookers, kitchen appliances, and interior furnishings, which was acquired by middleby corporation in september 2015 after it received a takeover approach from whirlpool.
the destroyers feature an apar-style active phased array radar system with four statically mounted antennas providing continuous 360-degree coverage and multiple missile direction capability for the vertically launched hhq-9 long-range air defence missiles.	the destroyers feature an active phased array radar system with four statically mounted antennas providing continuous 360-degree coverage and multiple missile direction capability for the vertically launched hhq-9 long-range air defence missiles.
mpge when listed alone, as with mpg, does not describe a vehicle's full cycle, or well-to-wheel, fuel economy .	mpge when listed alone, as with mpg, does not describe a vehicle's full cycle, or well-to-wheel, fuel efficiency .
accera, inc., the company that makes axona, claims that during digestion, caprylic triglyceride is broken down into ketones, which provide an alternative energy source for the brain.	accera, inc., the company that makes axona, states that during digestion, caprylic triglyceride is broken down into ketones, which provide an alternative energy source for the brain.
the captain of flight 11, john ogonowski, is said to have been killed by terrorists before the impact.	the captain of flight 11, john ogonowski, is said to have been killed by hijackers before the impact.
the same year in the uk, bill rollo is tragically killed in a riding accident.	the same year in the uk, bill rollo is killed in a riding accident.
the svr also has cooperation agreements with the secret police services of certain former soviet republics, such as azerbaijan and belarus.	the svr also has cooperation agreements with the police services of certain former soviet republics, such as azerbaijan and belarus.
due to the nature of the content, details may change dramatically as the mission progresses	due to the nature of the content, details may change as the mission progresses
ron dennis is placed at number 648 in the sunday times rich list 2006 with a fortune of 90 million.	ron dennis is placed at number 648 in the sunday times rich list 2006 with a net worth of 90 million.
chav is a slang term in popular usage throughout the united kingdom, and is sometimes used in a derogatory fashion.	chav is a slang term in popular usage throughout the united kingdom, and is usually used in a derogatory fashion.
trials, recantations, and execution (15531556)	trials, recantations, and martyrdom (15531556)
a suspicious neighbor called the police eight days later, but although they found pashal's body wrapped in a blanket and stuffed in a closet, they inexplicably decided that she had died because of her heavy drinking, and cole was released without charge after questioning.	a suspicious neighbor called the police eight days later, but although they found pashal's body wrapped in a blanket and stuffed in a closet, they decided that she had died because of her heavy drinking, and cole was released without charge after questioning.
government was carried out by the commonwealth and the protectorate of oliver cromwell after the regicide of charles i and before the restoration of charles ii	government was carried out by the commonwealth and the protectorate of oliver cromwell after the execution of charles i and before the restoration of charles ii
"irish poet jonathan swift had satirized the plight of the irish in relation to english economic domination almost a century prior to the famine in his masterpiece ""a modest proposal"" (1729)."	"irish poet jonathan swift had satirized the plight of the irish in relation to english economic domination almost a century prior to the famine in his pamphlet ""a modest proposal"" (1729)."
hemry admitted in an interview that the lost fleet was inspired by xenophon's anabasis, detailing the return march of then ten thousand, and myths about kings returning to save their nation.	hemry acknowledged in an interview that the lost fleet was inspired by xenophon's anabasis, detailing the return march of then ten thousand, and myths about kings returning to save their nation.
some dutch physical features like auburn and red hair among people in regions of south taiwan are a consequence of this episode of dutch women becoming concubines to the chinese commanders.	some dutch physical features like auburn and red hair among people in regions of south taiwan are a result of this episode of dutch women becoming concubines to the chinese commanders.
king of the hill is an emmy-winning american animated series created by mike judge and greg daniels for the fox broadcasting company.	king of the hill is an american animated series created by mike judge and greg daniels for the fox broadcasting company.
the free church of scotland (continuing) presently has over 50 small congregations, holding regular meetings in scotland, australia, canada, the usa and wales.	the free church of scotland (continuing) presently has over 50 congregations, holding regular meetings in scotland, australia, canada, the usa and wales.
a sizeable minority of the population is affiliated with the shi'a alevi sect.	a sizeable minority of the population is affiliated with the alevi sect.
plans for the new harte research institute for gulf of mexico studies will bring scientists to the campus to further strengthen texas a&m–corpus christi's research on environmental issues facing the gulf of mexico, area wetlands, coastal waterways and beaches.	plans for the new harte research institute for gulf of mexico studies will bring scientists to the campus to strengthen texas a&m–corpus christi's research on environmental issues facing the gulf of mexico, area wetlands, coastal waterways and beaches.
in 1925, according to professor qanungo the population of jats was around nine million in south asia and was made up of followers of three great religions as shown below:	in 1925, according to professor qanungo the population of jats was around nine million in south asia and was made up of followers of three major religions as shown below:
saul hudson (born july 23, 1965), more widely known as slash, is a legendary guitarist best known as a former member of guns n' roses and as a current member of velvet revolver.	saul hudson (born july 23, 1965), more widely known as slash, is a guitarist best known as a former member of guns n' roses and as a current member of velvet revolver.
it has been argued that buffy the vampire slayer's sixth season can be viewed as an extended reference to various shark jumping moments (including a musical episode, a wedding episode, a major character leaving, and a character being killed off); it has also been (uncharitably) suggested that the writers really were running out of ideas, although this theory would not fully explain the sheer density of such moments in that season.	it has been argued that buffy the vampire slayer's sixth season can be viewed as an extended reference to various shark jumping moments (including a musical episode, a wedding episode, a major character leaving, and a character being killed off); it has also been (uncharitably) suggested that the writers really were running out of ideas, although this theory may not fully explain the sheer density of such moments in that season.
"the host appears in another episode wherein she stars in a krusty the clown special, and is attributed the hilarious name ""xoxchitla"" (which, of course, krusty could not pronounce correctly on even his best day)."	"the host appears in another episode wherein she stars in a krusty the clown special, and is attributed the name ""xoxchitla"" (which, of course, krusty could not pronounce correctly on even his best day)."
he has been in the books of fiorentina since 2005. at fiorentina, he most notably signed zdravko kuzmanovi, stevan joveti, pablo daniel osvaldo, felipe melo, juan manuel vargas and many other great players.	he has been in the books of fiorentina since 2005. at fiorentina, he most notably signed zdravko kuzmanovi, stevan joveti, pablo daniel osvaldo, felipe melo, juan manuel vargas and many other players .
testudines are descended from diapsid reptiles which lost their temporal fenestrae, although that view is not generally accepted yet (see parareptilia for details and references).	testudines are descended from diapsid reptiles which lost their temporal fenestrae, although that view is not generally accepted (see parareptilia for details and references).
this stronghold would later become the scene of one of the bloodiest and heroic battles of this war, when some 600 bolivian soldiers resisted a 22-days siege, against 14,000 paraguayan troops before surrendering (7-29 september 1932).	this stronghold would later become the scene of one of the bloodiest and protracted battles of this war, when some 600 bolivian soldiers resisted a 22-days siege, against 14,000 paraguayan troops before surrendering (7-29 september 1932).
leesa was married to hawaii-based comedian rap reiplinger until his passing in 1984.	leesa was married to hawaii-based comedian rap reiplinger until his death in 1984.
"mcgowan claims that ernst zundel is not a holocaust denier but a holocaust ""revisionist"" and that holocaust deniers aren't necessarily anti-semitic but may be victims of zionist lobbying."	"mcgowan takes a pro-hitler stance on the nazi holocaust, claiming that ernst zundel is not a holocaust denier but a holocaust ""revisionist"" and that holocaust deniers aren't necessarily anti-semitic but may be victims of zionist lobbying."
prince charles edward louis philip casimir stuart (31 december 1720  31 january 1788) commonly known as bonnie prince charlie or the young pretender was the jacobite pretender to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland.	prince charles edward louis philip casimir stuart (31 december 1720  31 january 1788) commonly known as bonnie prince charlie or the young pretender was the jacobite claimaint to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland.
klitschko vs povetkin will take place august 5th.	klitschko vs povetkin will take place october 5th.
oro is ufomammut's latest work, divided into ten powerful movements, delivered in two separate pieces during 2012: the first chapter, opus primum, in april, and the second, opus alter, in september.	oro is ufomammut's latest work, divided into ten movements, delivered in two separate pieces during 2012: the first chapter, opus primum, in april, and the second, opus alter, in september.
the best documented version was that of 10th and 11th century norse paganism , although other information can be found from anglo-saxon and continental germanic sources.	the best documented version was that of 10th and 11th century norse religion , although other information can be found from anglo-saxon and continental germanic sources.
"often described as the ""capital of the north"", and forming part of the english core cities group, manchester today is a centre of the arts, the media, higher education and commerce and is considered by many to be england's second city it is the third most visited city in the united kingdom by foreign visitors, after london and edinburgh."	"often described as the ""capital of the north"", and forming part of the english core cities group, manchester today is a centre of the arts, the media, higher education and commerce and is considered by some to be england's second city it is the third most visited city in the united kingdom by foreign visitors, after london and edinburgh."
allo mahar sharif is a religious village in tehsil daska, sialkot district in pakistan.	allo mahar sharif is a village in tehsil daska, sialkot district in pakistan.
development of a shorter .30 caliber round specifically for use in an autoloading rifle began after the war, and resulted in the 7.62x51 mm nato, a marginally shorter and slightly lighter round that gave nearly identical ballistics to the .30-06. interestingly, the british studies on various cartridges culminated in the .280 british cartridge, which shared ballistic similarities to the .276 pedersen in caliber, bullet weight and velocity.	development of a shorter .30 caliber round specifically for use in an autoloading rifle began after the war, and resulted in the 7.62x51 mm nato, a shorter and slightly lighter round that gave nearly identical ballistics to the .30-06. interestingly, the british studies on various cartridges culminated in the .280 british cartridge, which shared ballistic similarities to the .276 pedersen in caliber, bullet weight and velocity.
1935, tampa, florida, united states) is an american documentary filmmaker best known for his engaging portraits of american traditional musicians.	1935, tampa, florida, united states) is an american documentary filmmaker best known for his portraits of american traditional musicians.
subway has come under criticism for its prevalent use of high fructose corn syrup in its breads.	subway has come under criticism for its use of high fructose corn syrup in its breads.
the glenmore reservoir is a large manmade reservoir on the elbow river in the southwest quadrant of calgary, alberta.	the glenmore reservoir is a large artificial reservoir on the elbow river in the southwest quadrant of calgary, alberta.
because omri was not a devout follower of god , the author of the book of kings minimized his accomplishments.	because omri was not a devout follower of yahweh , the author of the book of kings minimized his accomplishments.
his 1989 james bond-inspired video for gladys knight's title song to licence to kill led to him being chosen as the replacement for regular bond title designer maurice binder after his passing in 1991. in addition to the titles, kleinman also directed the music video for sheryl crow's tomorrow never dies title song.	his 1989 james bond-inspired video for gladys knight's title song to licence to kill led to him being chosen as the replacement for regular bond title designer maurice binder after his death in 1991. in addition to the titles, kleinman also directed the music video for sheryl crow's tomorrow never dies title song.
"during the french revolution (1789 - 1799), the most severe period of the rule of the committee of public safety (1793 - 1795) was labelled ""the terror"" (1793 - 1794) and described jacobin excesses ."	"during the french revolution (1789 - 1799), the most severe period of the rule of the committee of public safety (1793 - 1795) was labelled ""the terror"" (1793 - 1794) and described jacobin extensive use of death penalty by guillotine ."
its member of parliament (as of 2002) is the communist actress glenda jackson.	its member of parliament (as of 2002) is the former actress glenda jackson.
joe newton (born c. 1929) is a legendary high school cross country and track coach at york high school in elmhurst, illinois.	joe newton (born c. 1929) is a high school cross country and track coach at york high school in elmhurst, illinois.
jeri lynn ryan (born february 22, 1968) is a shapely american actress, known primarily for her roles in movies and television.	jeri lynn ryan (born february 22, 1968) is a american actress, known primarily for her roles in movies and television.
shoufani is said to be close to renowned communication strategist marc helou who advises her on issues related to shaping and managing regional public opinion.	shoufani is said to be close to communication strategist marc helou who advises her on issues related to shaping and managing regional public opinion.
"sharon noted the demographic rationale in a public address on 15 august 2005, the day of the disengagement, as follows: ""it is no secret that, like many others, i had believed and hoped we could forever hold onto netzarim and kfar darom."	"sharon mentioned the demographic rationale in a public address on 15 august 2005, the day of the disengagement, as follows: ""it is no secret that, like many others, i had believed and hoped we could forever hold onto netzarim and kfar darom."
the work of pioneer model animator willis o'brien in king kong inspired harryhausen to work in this unique field, almost single-handedly keeping the technique alive for three decades as o'brien's career sadly floundered for most of his life, until his death in 1962.	the work of pioneer model animator willis o'brien in king kong inspired harryhausen to work in this unique field, almost single-handedly keeping the technique alive for three decades as o'brien's career floundered for most of his life, until his death in 1962.
lacy's first loss came on march 5th 2006 at the men arena in manchester, where he was comprehensively beaten over 12 rounds by joe calzaghe, losing on a unanimous points decision.	lacy's first loss came on march 5th 2006 at the men arena in manchester, where he was beaten over 12 rounds by joe calzaghe, losing on a unanimous points decision.
governance was again passed, this time into the hands of a provisional government and then to an independent republic of hawaii.	governance was again passed, this time into the control of a provisional government and then to an independent republic of hawaii.
"in contrast, according to peter bradshaw, monroe was a talented comedienne who ""understood how comedy achieved its effects"", and jonathan rosenbaum stated that ""she subtly subverted the sexist content of her material"" and that ""the difficulty some people have discerning monroe's intelligence as an actress seems rooted in the ideology of a repressive era, when superfeminine women weren't supposed to be smart""."	"in contrast, according to peter bradshaw, monroe was a talented comedian who ""understood how comedy achieved its effects"", and jonathan rosenbaum stated that ""she subtly subverted the sexist content of her material"" and that ""the difficulty some people have discerning monroe's intelligence as an actress seems rooted in the ideology of a repressive era, when superfeminine women weren't supposed to be smart""."
"in other words, the particular types of investments made during the boom were inappropriate and ""wrong"" from the perspective of the long-term financial sustainability of the market because the price signals stimulating the investment were distorted by fractional reserve banking activities "" corrupting "" the pricing structure in various capital markets."	"in other words, the particular types of investments made during the boom were inappropriate and ""wrong"" from the perspective of the long-term financial sustainability of the market because the price signals stimulating the investment were distorted by fractional reserve banking activities "" ballooning "" the pricing structure in various capital markets."
fifteen years later, in april 2001, a team of swedish police officers went to interview pkk terrorist leader abdullah calan in a turkish prison about calan's allegations that a dissident kurdish group, led by his ex-wife, murdered palme.	fifteen years later, in april 2001, a team of swedish police officers went to interview pkk leader abdullah calan in a turkish prison about calan's allegations that a dissident kurdish group, led by his ex-wife, murdered palme.
in 2001, in collaboration with the distinguished british actor michael york, he recorded enoch arden, a melodrama for narrator and piano by richard strauss, set to the narrative poem of alfred, lord tennyson.	in 2001, in collaboration with the british actor michael york, he recorded enoch arden, a melodrama for narrator and piano by richard strauss, set to the narrative poem of alfred, lord tennyson.
john kenton britten (august 1, 1950–september 5, 1995) was a new zealand mechanical engineer who designed a world-record-setting motorcycle with innovative features which are still decades ahead of contemporary design.	john kenton britten (august 1, 1950–september 5, 1995) was a new zealand mechanical engineer who designed a world-record-setting motorcycle with innovative features which are still ahead of contemporary design.
while there is no scientific proof that essential oils cure diseases, many people have found great success in its usage.	while there is no scientific proof that essential oils cure diseases, many people have found great success in their usage.
strike to stun fantastic mordheim fan site.	strike to stun mordheim fan site.
savetheinternet.com - a pro- regulation coalition financed by free press and other consumer rights organizations and joined by several political actions groups such as moveon.org and the christian coalition of america	savetheinternet.com - a pro- network neutrality coalition financed by free press and other consumer rights organizations and joined by several political actions groups such as moveon.org and the christian coalition of america
american actress, comedienne , television presenter and producer betty white, who has been working in television since 1939, is often referred to as a national treasure in the united states.	american actress, comedian , television presenter and producer betty white, who has been working in television since 1939, is often referred to as a national treasure in the united states.
fidel alejandro castro ruz ( ; august 13, 1926 november 25, 2016) was a cuban politician, dictator and revolutionary who governed the republic of cuba as prime minister from 1959 to 1976 and then as president from 1976 to 2008. politically a marxistleninist and cuban nationalist, he also served as the first secretary of the communist party of cuba from 1961 until 2011. under his administration cuba became a one-party socialist state; industry and business were nationalized, and state socialist reforms implemented throughout society.	fidel alejandro castro ruz ( ; august 13, 1926 november 25, 2016) was a cuban politician, and revolutionary who governed the republic of cuba as prime minister from 1959 to 1976 and then as president from 1976 to 2008. politically a marxistleninist and cuban nationalist, he also served as the first secretary of the communist party of cuba from 1961 until 2011. under his administration cuba became a one-party socialist state; industry and business were nationalized, and state socialist reforms implemented throughout society.
on march 23, 2011 gearbox software humorously announced via a youtube video that the release date was being delayed to june 14 in north america and june 10 worldwide.	on march 23, 2011 gearbox software announced via a youtube video that the release date was being delayed to june 14 in north america and june 10 worldwide.
annie allen is a book of poetry published by noted poet gwendolyn brooks which was published in 1949, and for which she received the pulitzer prize.	annie allen is a book of poetry published by poet gwendolyn brooks which was published in 1949, and for which she received the pulitzer prize.
for example, some definitions focus on mental activities, and some on mere program structuring.	for example, some definitions focus on mental activities, and some on program structuring.
"between june 3 and june 6, 1984, the indian army under the instruction of indira gandhi brought troops into the harmandir sahib to arrest jarnail singh bhindranwale (""a terrorist created by the congress and the sgpc"") ."	"between june 3 and june 6, 1984, the indian army under the instruction of indira gandhi brought troops into the harmandir sahib to arrest jarnail singh bhindranwale (""a militant created by the congress and the sgpc"") ."
god of war iii is a forthcoming installment in the popular god of war video game franchise, to be exclusively released on the playstation 3 in 2009. it is the fifth chapter in the series chronologically, after god of war: chains of olympus, god of war, god of war: betrayal and god of war ii.	god of war iii is a forthcoming installment in the god of war video game franchise, to be exclusively released on the playstation 3 in 2009. it is the fifth chapter in the series chronologically, after god of war: chains of olympus, god of war, god of war: betrayal and god of war ii.
his performance was praised in particular by a later minister for foreign affairs, fine gael's garret fitzgerald, himself a later acclaimed holder of the office.	his performance was praised in particular by a later minister for foreign affairs, fine gael's garret fitzgerald, himself a later holder of the office.
it was founded as a project of the political action committee our country deserves better pac by prominent republican party members howard kaloogian and sal russo.	it was founded as a project of the political action committee our country deserves better pac by republican party members howard kaloogian and sal russo.
through 1992 keating mounted a scare campaign against the fightback package, and particularly against the gst, which he described as an attack on the working class in that it shifted the tax burden from direct taxation of the wealthy to indirect taxation of the mass of consumers.	through 1992 keating mounted a campaign against the fightback package, and particularly against the gst, which he described as an attack on the working class in that it shifted the tax burden from direct taxation of the wealthy to indirect taxation of the mass of consumers.
peter r. breggin, md, is a controversial medical doctor from the united states.	peter r. breggin, md, is a medical doctor from the united states.
"sessions was a supporter of the ""nuclear option,"" a tactic favored by then-senate majority leader bill frist in the spring of 2005 to change longstanding senate rules to stop democratic filibusters of some of george w. bush's nominees to the federal courts."	"sessions was a supporter of the ""nuclear option,"" a tactic popularized by then-senate majority leader bill frist in the spring of 2005 to change longstanding senate rules to stop democratic filibusters of some of george w. bush's nominees to the federal courts."
cold fusion theoreticians have proposed various speculative theories to explain the reported observations.	cold fusion advocates have proposed various speculative theories to explain the reported observations.
its most prevalent use was during the vietnam war by vietcong guerillas attempting to find simple methods to slow the invading u.s. forces down.	its most prevalent use was during the vietnam war by vietcong guerillas attempting to find simple methods to slow the advancing u.s. forces down.
"the yangban were a parasitic class of landed or unlanded gentry who comprised the confucian idea of a ""scholarly official"", and thus were part of the ruling agrarian bureaucracy within korea prior to 1910 during the joseon dynasty."	"the yangban were a class of landed or unlanded gentry who comprised the confucian idea of a ""scholarly official"", and thus were part of the ruling agrarian bureaucracy within korea prior to 1910 during the joseon dynasty."
"in 2008, the song was featured on a foster's lager ""stealing shadows"" advert ."	"in 2008, the song was featured on a foster's lager ""stealing shadows"" advertisement ."
"david adam, in a post-mortem review in the guardian, wrote a rebuttal of the film's conspiracy theory that alternative views about global warming are being suppressed by scientists and environmental journalists (""it is amusing to consider journalists as anywhere near organised enough to be part of a major exercise to hoodwink, well, the entire world...climate change is caused by human activity, however much some people wish to believe otherwise."	"david adam, in a post-mortem review in the guardian, wrote a rebuttal of the film's theory that alternative views about global warming are being suppressed by scientists and environmental journalists (""it is amusing to consider journalists as anywhere near organised enough to be part of a major exercise to hoodwink, well, the entire world...climate change is caused by human activity, however much some people wish to believe otherwise."
the fermanagh brigade of the ira was stood down after what was one of the most horrific and brutal attacks of ulster 's troubles.	the fermanagh brigade of the ira was stood down after what was one of the most horrific and brutal attacks of northern ireland 's troubles.
derivatives can serve legitimate business purposes.	derivatives have been said to serve legitimate business purposes.
in the united states, several american conservative media commentators have stated that they do not believe that waterboarding should be classified as a form of torture in certain circumstances specifically under united states local domestic law.	in the united states, one american conservative media commentators have stated that they do not believe that waterboarding should be classified as a form of torture in certain circumstances specifically under united states local domestic law.
he spoke beautifully about his brother's vision for both the party and the nation and quoted shakespeare when saying of his brother,	he spoke about his brother's vision for both the party and the nation and quoted shakespeare when saying of his brother,
failure to declare the cost of the stone in the election expenses return led to the labour party paying a large fine.	failure to declare the cost of the stone in the election expenses return led to the labour party paying a fine.
the song deals with a lesbian relationship, seen through the eyes of a male friend, who only later realizes what is going on.	the song deals with a lesbian relationship, seen through the eyes of a friend, who only later realizes what is going on.
the kazakh government's cooperation with the united states in u.s.-led counter-terrorism efforts in central asia have brought bilateral relations between the two nations to an all time high.	the kazakh government's cooperation with the united states in counter-terrorism efforts in central asia have brought bilateral relations between the two nations to an all time high.
however, shaw eventually agreed to uk satellite screenings, although according to a radio times interview only after being discreetly made aware that gordon jackson's widow, actress rona anderson (who guested in cry wolf), was suffering financial difficulties after her husband's passing .	however, shaw eventually agreed to uk satellite screenings, although according to a radio times interview only after being discreetly made aware that gordon jackson's widow, actress rona anderson (who guested in cry wolf), was suffering financial difficulties after her husband's death .
hammer at the moment is ranked 2nd in the wbo ranking after huey fury, and povetkin at 4. in case of confirmation of the information in the match, the next opponent for the wbo champion, the winner of the parker-fury fight, may be determined.	hammer at the moment is ranked 2nd in the wbo ranking after hughie fury, and povetkin at 4. in case of confirmation of the information in the match, the next opponent for the wbo champion, the winner of the parker-fury fight, may be determined.
besides being a great hymn-writer, isaac watts was also a renowned theologian and logician, writing many books and essays on these subjects.	besides being a famous hymn-writer, isaac watts was also a renowned theologian and logician, writing many books and essays on these subjects.
the mixed race population is now the fourth largest group in the country, overwhelming the filipino population and now stands at 1.2%.	the mixed race population is now the fourth largest group in the country, greater than the filipino population and now stands at 1.2%.
purported ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were sentenced to death and were executed on 29 april 2015. other members si yi chen, michael czugaj, renae lawrence, tan duc thanh nguyen, matthew norman, scott rush, and martin stephens were sentenced to prison.	ringleaders andrew chan and myuran sukumaran were sentenced to death and were executed on 29 april 2015. other members si yi chen, michael czugaj, renae lawrence, tan duc thanh nguyen, matthew norman, scott rush, and martin stephens were sentenced to prison.
karl marx, in his important pamphlet the civil war in france (1871), written during the commune, touted the commune's achievements, and described it as the prototype for a revolutionary government of the future, 'the form at last discovered' for the emancipation of the proletariat.	karl marx, in his important pamphlet the civil war in france (1871), written during the commune, advocated the commune's achievements, and described it as the prototype for a revolutionary government of the future, 'the form at last discovered' for the emancipation of the proletariat.
israeli agents kidnapped him from italy, drugged him and transported him to israel, and an israeli court then tried him in secret on charges of treason and espionage, and sentenced him to eighteen years imprisonment.	israeli agents arrested him from italy, drugged him and transported him to israel, and an israeli court then tried him in secret on charges of treason and espionage , and sentenced him to eighteen years imprisonment.
camilla parker bowles (born july 17, 1947) was girlfriend, then mistress , and is now the fiance of charles, prince of wales, the heir-apparent to the thrones of the united kingdom and the commonwealth realms.	camilla parker bowles (born july 17, 1947) was girlfriend, then clandestine lover, then open companion , and is now the fiance of charles, prince of wales, the heir-apparent to the thrones of the united kingdom and the commonwealth realms.
the legend of zelda received an updated translation, which corrected the mangled english used in the nes version of the game (which itself was a port from the famicom disk system).	the legend of zelda received an updated translation, which corrected the mistranslated english used in the nes version of the game (which itself was a port from the famicom disk system).
central intelligence agency and mi5 currently believe that a british-born pakistani extremist entering the us under the visa waiver program is the most likely source of another terrorist spectacular on american soil.	central intelligence agency and mi5 currently believe that a british-born pakistani extremist entering the us under the visa waiver program is the most likely source of another terrorist attack on american soil.
"the son of a milanese noble family, melzi joined the household of leonardo da vinci in 1506. leonardo was in love with the youth, who described the older man's feelings for him as a ""sviscerato e ardentissimo amore"""	"the son of a milanese noble family, melzi joined the household of leonardo da vinci in 1506. leonardo was in a close relationship with the youth, who described the older man's feelings for him as a ""sviscerato e ardentissimo amore"""
the alliance for main street fairness (amsf), is a pr campaign group paid to strongly support the marketplace fairness act.	the alliance for main street fairness (amsf), is a pr campaign group paid to support the marketplace fairness act.
in an op-ed, yitzhak benhorin criticized friedman's alleged suggestion that israel relinquish territory it had confiscated to build settlements.	in an op-ed, yitzhak benhorin criticized friedman's alleged suggestion that israel relinquish territory it had conquered to build settlements.
david rockefeller sr. (born june 12, 1915) is an american banker, statesman, globalist, illuminati and the current patriarch of the rockefeller family.	david rockefeller sr. (born june 12, 1915) is an american banker, statesman, globalist, and the current patriarch of the rockefeller family.
vzquez has collaborated with an interesting group of artists.	vzquez has collaborated with an group of artists.
reuven again finds himself a buffer between father and son when, in the novel's mighty climax, the two friends learn reb saunders' purpose for raising his son in silence: reb had discovered early on that his son's dawning intelligence was far outstripping his sense of compassion for others.	reuven again finds himself a buffer between father and son when, in the novel's climax, the two friends learn reb saunders' purpose for raising his son in silence: reb had discovered early on that his son's dawning intelligence was far outstripping his sense of compassion for others.
she was the sister of the monarch of poland, sweden and lithuania, sigismund iii vasa, and the governess of brodnica and golub.	she was the sister of the monarch of poland, sweden and lithuania, sigismund iii vasa, and the starosta of brodnica and golub.
the propganda arm of the centre is known as the call to islam daw'ah centre.	the information arm of the centre is known as the call to islam daw'ah centre.
he is the brother of the noted scholar franco moretti, who teaches at stanford university in california.	he is the brother of the scholar franco moretti , who teaches at stanford university in california.
emmure is an american metalcore band formed in 2003. originally based in new fairfield, connecticut, but now residing in queens, new york, the group has a total of seven releases.	emmure is an american metal band formed in 2003. originally based in new fairfield, connecticut, but now residing in queens, new york, the group has a total of seven releases.
lightningthe new weapon is a combination of a sword and a firearmthe only confirmed main character as of yet is the young woman featured in the e trailer.	lightningthe new weapon is a combination of a blade and a firearmthe only confirmed main character as of yet is the young woman featured in the e trailer.
great men who never married	men who never married
shep casey) was a fictional character on the popular daytime soap opera, general hospital.	shep casey) was a fictional character on the daytime soap opera, general hospital.
so much that, on one occasion on match game (cbs), the name of william f. buckley, jr. (a famous paleoconservative ) was brought up.	so much that, on one occasion on match game (cbs), the name of william f. buckley, jr. (a famous conservative ) was brought up.
worst episode ever is the autological 11th episode of the simpsons' twelfth season, aired on february 4, 2001.	worst episode ever is the 11th episode of the simpsons' twelfth season, aired on february 4, 2001.
despite the efforts by solzhenitsyn and others to confront this shameful soviet system, the realities of the camps remained taboo into the 1980s.	despite the efforts by solzhenitsyn and others to confront this soviet system, the realities of the camps remained taboo into the 1980s.
annie palmer is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nadia sawalha.	annie palmer is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nadia sawalha.
yet in the heat of the battle the voracity of the greeks was such that the units that had been set in rotation to take part in the battle did not accept to change but fighting constantly and overcoming the bounds of the battle killed many of the elite barbarians .	yet in the heat of the battle the voracity of the greeks was such that the units that had been set in rotation to take part in the battle did not accept to change but fighting constantly and overcoming the bounds of the battle killed many of the elite persian .
ali hassan salameh (1943 january 22, 1979) was the chief of operations code name abu hassan - for black september, the terrorist organization responsible for the munich massacre (1972) and other attacks; he was also the founder of force 17.	ali hassan salameh (1943 january 22, 1979) was the chief of operations code name abu hassan - for black september, the organization responsible for the munich massacre (1972) and other attacks; he was also the founder of force 17.
the hsa have been using the same basic tactics since their inception in 1963, the underlying principle being to disrupt a good day's hunting.	the hsa have been using the same basic tactics since their inception in 1963, the underlying principle being to disrupt a day's hunting.
furthermore, in one of the most authoritative scriptures the vachamanamrut, bhagwan swaminarayan states one of the prerequisites for attaining akshardham.	furthermore, in one of the most authoritative scriptures the vachamanamrut, swaminarayan states one of the prerequisites for attaining akshardham.
this was because of a 1936 treaty by which britain argued it had the right to station troops on egyptian soil in order to protect the suez canal.	this was because of a 1936 treaty by which britain maintained that it had the right to station troops on egyptian soil in order to protect the suez canal.
he is best known for portraying u.s. marine sergeant nicholas brody in the showtime series homeland (which earned him a primetime emmy award and a golden globe award), and u.s. army major richard winters in the hbo miniseries band of brothers, which also earned him a golden globe nomination.	he is known for portraying u.s. marine sergeant nicholas brody in the showtime series homeland (which earned him a primetime emmy award and a golden globe award), and u.s. army major richard winters in the hbo miniseries band of brothers, which also earned him a golden globe nomination.
osakis was founded in 1857. the town takes its name from the beautiful lake on which the town is located.	osakis was founded in 1857. the town takes its name from the lake on which the town is located.
in barbarians, marauders, and infidels, santosuosso, considered an expert historian of the carolingian era, makes a compelling case that the defeats of invading muslim armies by charles martel, including the famous defeat at tours, were important as in their defense of western christianity and the preservation of those christian monasteries and centres of learning which ultimately led europe out of the dark ages.	in barbarians, marauders, and infidels, santosuosso, considered an expert historian of the carolingian era, makes a case that the defeats of invading muslim armies by charles martel, including the famous defeat at tours, were important as in their defense of western christianity and the preservation of those christian monasteries and centres of learning which ultimately led europe out of the dark ages.
hugh todd naylor gaitskell (9 april 1906 – 18 january 1963) was a british labour politician, who served in a number of cabinet positions under various governments, and was the leader of the labour party and leader of the opposition from 1955, until his untimely death in 1963.	hugh todd naylor gaitskell (9 april 1906 – 18 january 1963) was a british labour politician, who served in a number of cabinet positions under various governments, and was the leader of the labour party and leader of the opposition from 1955, until his death in 1963.
a millennia-long feud exists between the decadent harkonnens and the honorable house atreides of caladan; the harkonnens have essentially bought their status while the atreides are related to the emperor by blood, and the fact that an atreides once had a harkonnen banished for cowardice in ancient times is still bitterly remembered some 10,000 years later.	a millennia-long feud exists between the decadent harkonnens and the house atreides of caladan; the harkonnens have essentially bought their status while the atreides are related to the emperor by blood, and the fact that an atreides once had a harkonnen banished for cowardice in ancient times is still bitterly remembered some 10,000 years later.
the four murdered a policeman who came across them.	the four killed a policeman who came across them.
it is the predecessor to the famous the art of flightfilm, released on dvd on november 14, 2008.	it is the predecessor to the the art of flightfilm, released on dvd on november 14, 2008.
as seen by this map, the portuguese were the most successful in the americas and africa, while the dutch were only successful in asia.	as seen by this map, the portuguese were the most successful in the americas and africa, while the dutch were successful in asia.
the former ceo of manpower ltd. and former business school professor, secretan works with a worldwide faculty , to change the lives of people, transform companies, and revolutionize the way we think about leadership.	the former ceo of manpower ltd. and former business school professor, secretan works with a worldwide faculty with the desire to change the lives of people, transform companies, and revolutionize the way we think about leadership.
as of 21 november 2014, only the latest version for android is alleged to include the encryption, and only for text messaging, excluding group chats, and media.	as of 21 november 2014, only the latest version for android is asserted to include the encryption, and only for text messaging, excluding group chats, and media.
some put forth unsubstantiated claims that the plane was shot down over pennsylvania by the us military.	some put forth claims that the plane was shot down over pennsylvania by the us military.
after mora left the team in 2006, the falcons hired bobby petrino who coached for only one year, during which the bad newz kennels dog fighting investigation was under way which ultimately resulted in a prison term for former star quarterback michael vick, and to petrino resigning.	after mora left the team in 2006, the falcons hired bobby petrino who coached for only one year, during which the bad newz kennels dog fighting investigation was under way which ultimately resulted in a prison term for former quarterback michael vick, and to petrino resigning.
big idea entertainment (simply known as big idea, formerly known as big idea productions and big idea, inc.) is an american christian animation studio best known for its groundbreaking computer-animated veggietales series of christian-themed family home videos.	big idea entertainment (simply known as big idea, formerly known as big idea productions and big idea, inc.) is an american christian animation studio best known for its computer-animated veggietales series of christian-themed family home videos.
also available is the excellent southend adult community college.	also available is the southend adult community college.
the aims of the conspirators are frequently compared to modern terrorists, though some consider this to be an anachronistic application of a modern concept.	the aims of the conspirators are sometimes compared to modern terrorists, though some consider this to be an anachronistic application of a modern concept.
albertiana 'conica', is a very popular garden plant.	albertiana 'conica', is a popular garden plant.
"in 1973, us freelance writer wallace wyss, contributing to popular mechanics magazine, asserted the term caf racer was originally used in europe as a ""put-down"" toward riders who pretended to be road racers but instead only parked outside cafs."	"in 1973, us freelance writer wallace wyss, contributing to popular mechanics magazine, wrote that the term caf racer was originally used in europe as a ""put-down"" toward riders who pretended to be road racers but instead only parked outside cafs."
according to political research associates, an american research group that tracks right-wing extremists , icke's ideas are popular in canada, where the new age aspect of his philosophy overshadows his more controversial beliefs.	according to political research associates, an american research group that tracks right-wing groups , icke's ideas are popular in canada, where the new age aspect of his philosophy overshadows his more controversial beliefs.
at 13:25 of the third period, rangers forward ryan hollweg checked simon cleanly into the boards, causing a concussion.	at 13:25 of the third period, rangers forward ryan hollweg checked simon into the boards, causing a concussion.
this is criticized by many as it only measures some aspects ( arguably an ethnocentric and academic aspect) of intelligence.	this is criticized by many as it only measures some aspects ( some argue an ethnocentric and academic aspect) of intelligence.
dressy bessy's first full-length release pink hearts, yellow moons (1999) was a refreshing mixture of beat group drums, infectious songs, and the odd burst of harmonium.	dressy bessy's first full-length release pink hearts, yellow moons (1999) was a mixture of beat group drums, infectious songs, and the odd burst of harmonium.
alinsky was a ferocious critic of a passive and ineffective mainstream liberalism.	alinsky was a critic of a passive and ineffective mainstream liberalism.
excellent article by formermanaging director, john tusa	article by formermanaging director, john tusa
tol argues the economic costs of climate policy should be kept in proportion to its benefits.	tol characterises his position as arguing that the economic costs of climate policy should be kept in proportion to its benefits.
there is an rspb observation post in the remote valley of riggindale, where the pair have their eyrie.	there is an rspb observation post in the valley of riggindale, where the pair have their eyrie.
meanwhile, the demon leader is still alive and plotting to enslave mankind .	meanwhile, the demon leader is still alive and plotting to enslave humanity .
as a result of his criticism of the chinese government's response to the tiananmen square massacre , his work was banned in china, and he was invited to the united states to teach.	as a result of his criticism of the chinese government's response to the tiananmen square protests of 1989 , his work was banned in china, and he was invited to the united states to teach.
among the dutch population there was much protest against this.	among the dutch population there was protest against this.
the hotel was sold on june 27, 2014 to local owners, nat and flora bosa.	the hotel was sold on june 27, 2014 to vancouver-based owners, nat and flora bosa.
entergy (the operator of the plant), the federal emergency management agency (fema), and the nrc insist the plant is safe.	entergy (the operator of the plant), the federal emergency management agency (fema), and the nrc say the plant is safe.
becker came to the recognition that psychological inquiry inevitably comes to a dead end beyond which belief systems must be invoked to satisfy the human psyche.	becker came to the position that psychological inquiry inevitably comes to a dead end beyond which belief systems must be invoked to satisfy the human psyche.
the playhouse serves both tourists and the local population well .	the playhouse serves both tourists and the local population.
this reflects ethiopian society's inaccurate belief that homosexual acts are akin to rape.	this reflects ethiopian society's belief that homosexual acts are akin to rape.
all climate models currently show that if the only variable considered is human emission of greenhouse gases, then this will cause temperatures to increase in the future.	all climate models currently predict that if the only variable considered is human emission of greenhouse gases, then this will cause temperatures to increase in the future.
all the remaining tribes except perhaps the romanized vlachs were slavicised in the course of the middle ages, while modern albanian is descended from a southern illyrian dialect.	all the remaining tribes except perhaps the romanized vlachs were slavicised in the course of the middle ages, while modern albanian might have descended from a southern illyrian dialect.
emas a leading global offshore contractor and provider of integrated offshore solutions to the oil and gas (o&g) industry and operating brand for ezra holdings .	emas a global offshore contractor and provider of integrated offshore solutions to the oil and gas (o&g) industry and operating brand for ezra holdings .
douglas received the afi life achievement award in 2009. he is the son of legendary actor kirk douglas.	douglas received the afi life achievement award in 2009. he is the son of actor kirk douglas.
simple machines forum, a next-generation community forum software package.	simple machines forum, a community forum software package.
extremist groups , most notably now, have criticized promise keepers claiming the christian organization is anti-feminist.	groups , most notably now, have criticized promise keepers claiming the christian organization is anti-feminist.
for his revelations, vanunu was kidnapped by the mossad and sentenced to 18 years in prison, 12 of them in solitary confinement.	for his revelations, vanunu was arrested by the mossad and sentenced to 18 years in prison, 12 of them in solitary confinement.
blue orchid is a song by the the white stripes from their latest album, get behind me satan, released as a single in 2005. the song, though basic and riff-driven like much of the white stripes material, was noticeably different from any of their previous recordings, with a bizarre disco flavor in jack white's mannered falsetto vocals and meg white's insistent drum beats underscoring the huge, metallic, processed guitar riffs.	blue orchid is a song by the the white stripes from their album, get behind me satan, released as a single in 2005. the song, though basic and riff-driven like much of the white stripes material, was noticeably different from any of their previous recordings, with a bizarre disco flavor in jack white's mannered falsetto vocals and meg white's insistent drum beats underscoring the huge, metallic, processed guitar riffs.
despite the relatively liberal gun laws, guns are not excessively popular in the czech republic.	despite the relatively liberal gun laws, guns are not especially popular in the czech republic.
one of the remaining farm fields in southern camarillo.the main industry during this period was agriculture, and the area surrounding the small town was blanketed with orange, lemon and walnut groves.	one of the farm fields in southern camarillo.the main industry during this period was agriculture, and the area surrounding the small town was blanketed with orange, lemon and walnut groves.
discrimination{{}} sex segregation in islam{{}} apartheid{{}} apartheid laws{{}} allegations of apartheid {{}}desegregation{{}} forced busing{{}} anti-miscegenation{{}} nativism{{}}jim crow laws{{}} black codes{{}} nuremberg laws{{}} racial profiling{{}}racism{{}} religious intolerance{{}} separate but equal{{}} separatism{{}} sexism{{}} tourist segregation{{}} xenophobia }}	discrimination{{}} sex segregation in islam{{}} apartheid{{}} apartheid laws{{}} allegations of apartheid {{}}desegregation{{}} desegregation busing{{}} anti-miscegenation{{}} nativism{{}}jim crow laws{{}} black codes{{}} nuremberg laws{{}} racial profiling{{}}racism{{}} religious intolerance{{}} separate but equal{{}} separatism{{}} sexism{{}} tourist segregation{{}} xenophobia }}
"some modern publishers erroneously call them ""three-part inventions"" to avoid confusion with symphonies.)"	"some modern publishers call them ""three-part inventions"" to avoid confusion with symphonies.)"
nochnoy dozor ( pressure group), estonian activist group	nochnoy dozor ( advocacy group), estonian activist group
the drudge report is a conservative news aggregation website.	the drudge report is a news aggregation website.
such extreme stances are not, however, shared by many of the pan's middle-class rank and file members, who traditionally saw supporting the party as the best way of preventing the hated pri from remaining in power.	such extreme stances are not, however, shared by many of the pan's middle-class rank and file members, who traditionally saw supporting the party as the best way of preventing the pri from remaining in power.
he was only 38 years old.	he was 38 years old.
having sold over 30 million copies as of feb-2006, , the series is credited with popularizing the survival horror game genre.	the games have sold over 30 million copies as of feb-2006, , the series is credited with popularizing the survival horror game genre.
there are only 36 in total.	there are 36 in total.
the depot also serves as a large training ground for service members.	the depot also serves as a training ground for service members.
some even go so far as to wear either the muhapatti or possibly a small card over their mouths so as to avoid accidentally inhaling even a single bug when awake.	some even go so far as to wear either the muhapatti or possibly a small card over their mouths so as to avoid accidentally inhaling even a single insect when awake.
another great use is making a normal cup of cold milo and microwaving it for approximately 40-60 seconds.	another possible use is making a normal cup of cold milo and microwaving it for approximately 40-60 seconds.
even in regions were homosexuality is not illegal it is seen as a shame by most families, and privately executing the punishments required by islamic law is morally justified.	even in regions were homosexuality is not illegal it is seen as a shame by most families, and privately executing the punishments required by islamic law may be seen as morally justified.
these characters are ostensibly from an unknown language called reformed egyptian.	these characters are claimed to be from an unknown language called reformed egyptian.
they dislike the fact that race bannon and hadji are seen to be members of the quest extended family prior to mrs. quest (voice of meredith macrae)'s death (depicted here as happening at the hands of dr. zin), while the original series made it quite clear that each joined after her passing .	they dislike the fact that race bannon and hadji are seen to be members of the quest extended family prior to mrs. quest (voice of meredith macrae)'s death (depicted here as happening at the hands of dr. zin), while the original series made it quite clear that each joined after her death .
however, on 10 october, abdullah al-omar, a defected syrian propagandist , told cnn that maher was treated in russia but returned to the presidential palace, where al-omar said that maher had lost his left leg in the bombing and also the use of his left arm.	however, on 10 october, abdullah al-omar, a defected syrian journalist , told cnn that maher was treated in russia but returned to the presidential palace, where al-omar said that maher had lost his left leg in the bombing and also the use of his left arm.
uttuku (particularly stupid djinn)	uttuku (particularly unintelligent djinn)
batman & robin tells the story of batman and robin as they attempt to prevent mr. freeze and poison ivy from freezing all mankind to death and repopulating the earth with mutant plants, while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together.	batman & robin tells the story of batman and robin as they attempt to prevent mr. freeze and poison ivy from freezing all humankind to death and repopulating the earth with mutant plants, while at the same time struggling to keep their partnership together.
at the moment performing in helsinki, finland and berlin, germany, the show has been performed on london's prestigious west end, as well as melbourne, sydney, wellington, tokyo, mexico city, buenos aires, madrid, antwerp, seoul, paris, so paulo, beijing, manila, tel aviv, toronto, stuttgart, berlin, vienna.	at the moment performing in helsinki, finland and berlin, germany, the show has been performed on london's west end, as well as melbourne, sydney, wellington, tokyo, mexico city, buenos aires, madrid, antwerp, seoul, paris, so paulo, beijing, manila, tel aviv, toronto, stuttgart, berlin, vienna.
kelly groucutt died in 2009 of a heart attack, mike edwards was killed in a freak accident involving a large hay bale in 2010, and wilfred gibson died in 2014 after a short illness.	kelly groucutt died in 2009 of a heart attack, mike edwards was killed in a accident involving a large hay bale in 2010, and wilfred gibson died in 2014 after a short illness.
unfortunately this includes a number of jurisdictions in the united states.	this includes a number of jurisdictions in the united states.
it is the birthplace of shri jayatirtha also called as teekacharya, one of the greatest saints of the dvaita school of vedanta.	it is the birthplace of shri jayatirtha also called as teekacharya, one of the prominent saints of the dvaita school of vedanta.
home alone is a popular movie series.	home alone is a movie series.
george galloway (born 16 august 1954) is an outspoken british politician, author, and broadcaster, who has been a member of parliament (mp) since 1987 and is known for his anti-war views.	george galloway (born 16 august 1954) is an british politician, author, and broadcaster, who has been a member of parliament (mp) since 1987 and is known for his anti-war views.
this coverage was criticised by the anti-corporate media lens website which claimed that sense about science is influenced by climate change denialists.	this coverage was criticised by the media lens website which claimed that sense about science is influenced by climate change denialists.
"but chatham could not brook the thought of a step which implied submission to the ""natural enemy"" whom it had been the main object of his life to humble, and he declaimed for a considerable time, though with sadly diminished vigour, against the motion."	"but chatham could not brook the thought of a step which implied submission to the ""natural enemy"" whom it had been the main object of his life to humble, and he declaimed for a considerable time, though with diminished vigour, against the motion."
the culture of the united kingdom—british culture— is informed by the uk's history as a developed island country, major power , monarchy and, particularly, as a political union of four countries, which each have preserved and distinctive heritages, customs and symbolism.	the culture of the united kingdom—british culture— may be described as informed by the uk's history as a developed island country, major power , monarchy and, particularly, as a political union of four countries, which each have preserved and distinctive heritages, customs and symbolism.
catasse is a master chilean painter of international prestige .	catasse is a master chilean painter of international recognition .
this has unfortunately been misconstrued to mean that the recipe originated in the kitchens of moti mahal.	this has been misconstrued to mean that the recipe originated in the kitchens of moti mahal.
halakha (הלכה in hebrew or halakhah, halacha, halachah) is the collective corpus of jewish rabbinical law, custom and tradition regulating all aspects of behavior.	halakha (הלכה in hebrew or halakhah, halacha, halachah) is the collective corpus of jewish law, custom and tradition regulating all aspects of behavior.
notable acoustic fingerprinting efforts include:	acoustic fingerprinting efforts include:
the proper spelling of his surname is actually treweeke and not treweek though he graciously accepted treweek throughout his life until his passing in 1991.	the proper spelling of his surname is actually treweeke and not treweek though he graciously accepted treweek throughout his life until his death in 1991.
however, those who see zionist conspiratorial designs behind forrestal's unexplained death note rogow's footnote to his work:	however, those who see zionist designs behind forrestal's unexplained death note rogow's footnote to his work:
the main gripes about the conditions were that appstore terms force developers to permanently lower their appstore prices if ever they do promotions on other stores, and that amazon could choose to lower the price of an application while deciding to reduce the developers share without having to ask permission.	the main concerns about the conditions were that appstore terms force developers to permanently lower their appstore prices if ever they do promotions on other stores, and that amazon could choose to lower the price of an application while deciding to reduce the developers share without having to ask permission.
project runway is an american reality television series on lifetime television, previously on the bravo network, which focuses on fashion design and is hosted by supermodel heidi klum.	project runway is an american reality television series on lifetime television, previously on the bravo network, which focuses on fashion design and is hosted by model heidi klum.
spanking is the abusive act of striking the buttocks of another person to cause temporary pain without producing physical injury.	spanking is the act of striking the buttocks of another person to cause temporary pain without producing physical injury.
all cases of crop circles	some cases of crop circles
hubal was a moon god worshipped in pre-islamic arabia, notably at the kaaba in mecca.	hubal was a god worshipped in pre-islamic arabia, notably at the kaaba in mecca.
at salentein, galante continues to focus on quality , especially that of wines made from high altitude fruit.	at salentein, galante continues to focus on the international reputation of malbec , especially that of wines made from high altitude fruit.
"since then, mauboy has scored three top-10 singles, two top-15 singles as well as having five platinum and three gold accreditations, both for her debut album, been waiting in 2008, and five singles including her number one hit ""burn""."	"since then, mauboy has released three top-10 singles, two top-15 singles as well as having five platinum and three gold accreditations, both for her debut album, been waiting in 2008, and five singles including her number one hit ""burn""."
dr. brueggemann is known throughout the world for his brilliant method of combining literary and sociological modes when reading bible.	dr. brueggemann is known throughout the world for his method of combining literary and sociological modes when reading bible.
however, the us delegates stated that they left over the racist resolution that equated zionism with racism.	however, the us delegates stated that they left over the resolution that equated zionism with racism.
as the velvet underground's principal songwriter, reed wrote about subjects of personal experience that rarely had been examined so openly in rock and roll, including deviant sexuality and drug culture.	as the velvet underground's principal songwriter, reed wrote about subjects of personal experience that rarely had been examined so openly in rock and roll, including sexuality and drug culture.
"until 1740s, hungarians were not allowed to resettle in the area because the habsburgs regarded them as "" politically unreliable""."	"until 1740s, hungarians were not allowed to settle in the area because the habsburgs regarded them as "" politically unreliable""."
bill gates is the richest man in the us, ranking number one on the 400 list for the 17th year in a row.	bill gates is the richest person in the us, ranking number one on the 400 list for the 17th year in a row.
despite the final victory of britain and its allies, the damage to british prestige helped to accelerate the inevitable decline of the empire.	despite the final victory of britain and its allies, the damage to british prestige helped to accelerate the decline of the empire.
it is also excellent as a general-use hot sauce, especially with asian foods.	it is also used as a general-use hot sauce, especially with asian foods.
ntccs 501(c)(3) status severely restricts it activities, sermon content, and teaching content.	ntccs 501(c)(3) status unfairly restricts it activities, sermon content, and teaching content.
the colonial assembly responded by forming an illegal patriot provisional government known as the massachusetts provincial congress and calling for local militias to train for possible hostilities.	the colonial assembly responded by forming an patriot provisional government known as the massachusetts provincial congress and calling for local militias to train for possible hostilities.
unfortunately , the project was short-lived.	however , the project was short-lived.
"however, smith's teachings regarding the nature of the godhead developed during his lifetime, becoming most fully elaborated in the few years prior to his murder in 1844. beginning as an unelaborated description of the father, son, and holy spirit as being ""one"", smith taught that the father and the son were distinct personal members of the godhead as early as 1832. smith's public teachings later described the father and son as possessing distinct physical bodies, being one together with the holy ghost, not in material substance, but in spirit, glory, and purpose–a view sometimes called social trinitarianism."	"however, smith's teachings regarding the nature of the godhead developed during his lifetime, becoming most fully developed in the few years prior to his murder in 1844. beginning as an unelaborated description of the father, son, and holy spirit as being ""one"", smith taught that the father and the son were distinct personal members of the godhead as early as 1832. smith's public teachings later described the father and son as possessing distinct physical bodies, being one together with the holy ghost, not in material substance, but in spirit, glory, and purpose–a view sometimes called social trinitarianism."
refugees wait to cross the greek-macedonia border, 24 august 2015	asylum seekers wait to cross the greek-macedonia border, 24 august 2015
blending freud and de saussure, the infamous french (post)structuralist jacques lacan and, in a different way, jean piaget, applied structuralism to the study of psychoanalysis and psychology each respectively.	blending freud and de saussure, the french (post)structuralist jacques lacan and, in a different way, jean piaget, applied structuralism to the study of psychoanalysis and psychology each respectively.
emily bett rickards (born july 24, 1991) is a canadian actress, best known for portraying felicity smoak in the cw television series arrow.	emily bett rickards (born july 24, 1991) is a canadian actress, known for portraying felicity smoak in the cw television series arrow.
a troubling tendency exists to generally vilify koreans (sometimes even asians), accusing them of bad sportsmanship and/or condescending attitude towards non-koreans.	a tendency exists to generally vilify koreans (sometimes even asians), accusing them of bad sportsmanship and/or condescending attitude towards non-koreans.
on february 11, 2009, an argument about titian's age at his death erupted between british prime minister gordon brown, and leader of the opposition david cameron at prime minister's questions.	on february 11, 2009, an argument about titian's age at his death arose between british prime minister gordon brown, and leader of the opposition david cameron at prime minister's questions.
at the age of twelve, she came to the united states and began working with p.t.	at the age of twelve, she went to the united states and began working with p.t.
announced in january 2008, tom ridge will serve as a senior advisor to techradium, inc., a leading texas-based security technology company that provides its patented alert and notification	announced in january 2008, tom ridge will serve as a senior advisor to techradium, inc., a texas-based security technology company that provides its patented alert and notification
in modern english historiography, kievan rus is the most common name for the ancient east slavic state (often retaining the pedantically-correct apostrophe in rus, a transliteration of the soft sign, ) followed by kievan russia, ancient russian state, and, extremely rarely, kievan ruthenia.	in modern english historiography, kievan rus is the most common name for the ancient east slavic state (often retaining the apostrophe in rus, a transliteration of the soft sign, ) followed by kievan russia, ancient russian state, and, extremely rarely, kievan ruthenia.
billy graham was saved under mordecai ham's preaching, in a revival in charlotte, north carolina in november 1934.	billy graham was converted to christianity under mordecai ham's preaching, in a revival in charlotte, north carolina in november 1934.
bart winfield sibrel is a nashville, tennessee-based hack filmmaker who claims that the six apollo moon landings between 1969 and 1972 were hoaxes.	bart winfield sibrel is a nashville, tennessee-based amateur filmmaker who claims that the six apollo moon landings between 1969 and 1972 were hoaxes.
"although it was once paraded before the town once each year, the object is now kept under constant guard in a ""treasury"" near the church of our lady mary of zion, and only the ""guardian of the ark"" as he refers to himself, is allowed to see it (not even the patriarch of the ethiopian orthodox church, his holiness abuna paulos, is allowed to view the sacred ark.)"	"although it was once paraded before the town once each year, the object is now kept under constant guard in a ""treasury"" near the church of our lady mary of zion, and only the ""guardian of the ark"" as he refers to himself, is allowed to see it (not even the patriarch of the ethiopian orthodox church, his holiness abuna paulos, is allowed to view the ark.)"
however, jim ballantyne soon completed a parasitical buy-out of the ailing division two side clydebank.	however, jim ballantyne soon completed a buy-out of the ailing division two side clydebank.
his first game in charge was against liverpool fc at anfield in the europa league on 18 february 2010 where the visitors bravely lost 1-0.	his first game in charge was against liverpool fc at anfield in the europa league on 18 february 2010 where the visitors lost 1-0.
the korea invisible mass search (kims collaboration), is a south korean experiment, led by sun kee kim, searching for weakly interacting massive particles (wimps), one of the strongest candidates for dark matter.	the korea invisible mass search (kims collaboration), is a south korean experiment, led by sun kee kim, searching for weakly interacting massive particles (wimps), one of the candidates for dark matter.
"some hypotheses that have been labeled as ""just so stories"" by misinformed critics do indeed have some empirical support."	"some hypotheses that have been labeled as ""just so stories"" by critics do indeed have some empirical support."
"mcbride explained in an interview that the band's name refers to ""your own personal cinema, located between your eye and eyelid"", suggesting the colors and patterns one can see with closed eyes (either phosphenes or closed-eye hallucinations)."	"mcbride said in an interview that the band's name refers to ""your own personal cinema, located between your eye and eyelid"", suggesting the colors and patterns one can see with closed eyes (either phosphenes or closed-eye hallucinations)."
photius is now considered a saint by the eastern orthodox church; in part for having refused to acquiesce to the decision of the council of 869-870 and to what the eastern orthodox consider to have been overweening monarchical aspirations on the part of pope.	photius is now considered a saint by the eastern orthodox church; in part for having refused to acquiesce to the decision of the council of 869-870 and to what the eastern orthodox consider to have been arrogant monarchical aspirations on the part of pope.
"price is a member of the controversial association of american physicians and surgeons, a politically conservative non-profit association founded in 1943 to ""fight socialized medicine and to fight the government takeover of medicine."""	"price is a member of the association of american physicians and surgeons, a politically conservative non-profit association founded in 1943 to ""fight socialized medicine and to fight the government takeover of medicine."""
tom hanks, ron howard, dennis miller, randy quaid and dennis quaid have also all made pilmigrages to the site.	tom hanks, ron howard, dennis miller, randy quaid and dennis quaid have also all made visits to the site.
on 2 august, the national coordination committee for democratic change announced that most kurdish dominated cities in syria, with the exception of qamishli and hasaka, were no longer occupied by government forces and were now being governed by kurdish political parties.	on 2 august, the national coordination committee for democratic change announced that most kurdish dominated cities in syria, with the exception of qamishli and hasaka, were no longer controlled by government forces and were now being governed by kurdish political parties.
true neutral or neutral neutral) is neutral on both axes , and tends not to feel strongly towards any alignment.	true neutral or neutral neutral) is neutral on both axies , and tends not to feel strongly towards any alignment.
it also may come from the word 'dunce', referring to the fact that dunsparce is such a useless pokmon.	it also may come from the word 'dunce', referring to the fact that dunsparce is considered to be a useless pokmon.
impressionism was a french revolt , led by claude debussy, against the emotional exuberance and epic themes of german romanticism exemplified by wagner.	impressionism was a french reaction , led by claude debussy, against the emotional exuberance and epic themes of german romanticism exemplified by wagner.
as of the end of 2011, the fastest deployments in north america are expected to be shaw cable's announced 250 mbit/s download 15 mbit/s upload, which will be implemented in phases, and videotron's 200 mbit/s download / 30 mbit/s upload service in quebec city, followed closely by existing 107 mbit/s deployments in the usa.	as of the end of 2011, the fastest deployments in north america are expected to be shaw cable's announced 250 mbit/s download 15 mbit/s upload, which will be implemented in phases, and videotron's 200 mbit/s download / 30 mbit/s upload service in quebec city, followed by existing 107 mbit/s deployments in the usa.
"indie rock legends guided by voices wrote a song called ""matter eater lad."""	"indie rock band guided by voices wrote a song called ""matter eater lad."""
bozell is currently on the board of advisors of the catholic league for religious and civil rights, an ultra-conversative group against the defamation of catholics in america.	bozell is currently on the board of advisors of the catholic league for religious and civil rights, an group against the defamation of catholics in america.
gemma louise ward (born 3 november 1987) is an australian super model and actress.	gemma louise ward (born 3 november 1987) is an australian model and actress.
"furthermore, the school asserts ""there is now mounting evidence that man and dinosaurs did indeed live on earth at the same time"" and claims ""the chances are good"" that there were dinosaurs on board noah's ark."	"furthermore, the school asserts ""there is now mounting evidence that man and dinosaurs did indeed live on earth at the same time"" and says that ""the chances are good"" that there were dinosaurs on board noah's ark."
it was an onscreen persona that naldi would wonderfully capitalize on during her years in the film industry.	it was an onscreen persona that naldi would capitalize on during her years in the film industry.
without the knowledge of the informant (the listener of guises), the speaker is actually a bilingual or polyglot and the reactions elicited by each of his/her linguistic guises are compared not as individuals guises but as actual speech of an individual.	without the knowledge of the informant (the listener of guises), the speaker is actually a bilingual or polyglot and the reactions elicited by each of their linguistic guises are compared not as individuals guises but as actual speech of an individual.
she was a fervent propagandist of ukrainian folk songs and works by ukrainian composers.	she was a fervent promoter of ukrainian folk songs and works by ukrainian composers.
this test got underway on november 30th with mika running some nine seconds off the pace after 21 laps, mclaren are using his tremendous expertise to see how formula one has evolved over the years since his retirement from formula one at the 2001 japanese grand prix for possible developments which may come out of this testing.	this test got underway on november 30th with mika running some nine seconds off the pace after 21 laps, mclaren are using his expertise to see how formula one has evolved over the years since his retirement from formula one at the 2001 japanese grand prix for possible developments which may come out of this testing.
on september 25, 2009, the beautiful life: tbl was canceled after two episodes due to astonishingly low ratings.	on september 25, 2009, the beautiful life: tbl was canceled after two episodes due to low ratings.
"liberal bias, or ""liberal media,"" in american political discourse, are common phrases used to explain that the american media generally has a liberal bias."	"liberal bias, or ""liberal media,"" in american political discourse, are common phrases used to claim that the american media generally has a liberal bias."
"the reason is primarily historic: before 1990 (but unfortunately also after) s2pl was frequently defined by the ss2pl locking protocol (""release all locks only at transaction end"")."	"the reason is primarily historic: before 1990 (but also after) s2pl was frequently defined by the ss2pl locking protocol (""release all locks only at transaction end"")."
stealth was a colossal box office bomb that lost $99.6 million, one of the biggest box office losses of all time.	stealth was a box office bomb that lost $99.6 million, one of the biggest box office losses of all time.
the term specifically refers to aerial trails allegedly caused by the systematic high-altitude release of chemical substances not found in ordinary contrails, resulting in the appearance of supposedly uncharacteristic sky tracks.	the term specifically refers to aerial trails allegedly caused by the systematic high-altitude release of chemical substances not found in ordinary contrails, resulting in the appearance of uncharacteristic sky tracks.
peru attempted to peacefully mediate the conflict by sending jose antonio lavalle, a senior diplomat, to negotiate with the chilean government in order to request for chile to return antofagasta to bolivian authorities.	peru attempted to mediate the conflict by sending jose antonio lavalle, a senior diplomat, to negotiate with the chilean government in order to request for chile to return antofagasta to bolivian authorities.
however, sullivan himself neither thought nor designed along such dogmatic lines during the peak of his career.	however, sullivan himself neither thought nor designed along such lines during the peak of his career.
with the dominating win, not only did the colts improve to 3-2, but they finally got their first win in their new stadium.	with the win, not only did the colts improve to 3-2, but they finally got their first win in their new stadium.
motherland is a left populist coalition of ultraradical political parties in latvia, founded in 2004. chairman viktors kalnbrzs, most famous person juris uravovs.	motherland is a left populist coalition of political parties in latvia, founded in 2004. chairman viktors kalnbrzs, most famous person juris uravovs.
judge cashman was demonized in january 2006 for suspending all but 60-days of a 10-years-to-life sentence to mark hulett, who pled guilty to child molestation.	judge cashman was criticized in january 2006 for suspending all but 60-days of a 10-years-to-life sentence to mark hulett, who pled guilty to child molestation.
"in cantonese cuisine, the mantis shrimp is a popular dish known as ""pissing shrimp"" (, mandarin pinyin: , modern cantonese: ) because of their tendency to shoot a jet of water when picked up."	"in cantonese cuisine, the mantis shrimp is a dish known as ""pissing shrimp"" (, mandarin pinyin: , modern cantonese: ) because of their tendency to shoot a jet of water when picked up."
the shapleyfolkmanstarr results are introduced in the standard graduate-level textbooks in microeconomics.	the shapleyfolkmanstarr results are introduced in standard graduate-level textbooks in microeconomics.
in july 1944 initially polish home army and then the red army occupied vilnius, which was shortly afterwards incorporated into soviet union and made capital of the newly created lithuanian ssr.	in july 1944 initially polish home army and then the red army seized vilnius, which was shortly afterwards incorporated into soviet union and made capital of the newly created lithuanian ssr.
this is followed by the final heavy riffs and the insanely epic final scream of rob halford.	this is followed by the final heavy riffs and the epic final scream of rob halford.
thus in many cases precedence is given to monarchs over republican heads of state (especially in monarchies), in some (especially catholic) nations his holiness the pope (himself a head of state) ranks above temporal heads of state.	thus in many cases precedence is given to monarchs over republican heads of state (especially in monarchies), in some (especially catholic) nations his holiness the pope (himself a head of state) ranks above secular heads of state.
for example, on 23 august 70 prisoners from the model prison in the city were massacred in revenge for the nationalist slaughter of over 1,500 republicans after the storming of badajoz.	for example, on 23 august 70 prisoners from the model prison in the city were massacred in revenge for the nationalist killing of over 1,500 republicans after the storming of badajoz.
hegarty's mother rose appeared on the programme to tell of telephone calls to mcguinness and of hegarty's subsequent murder .	hegarty's mother rose appeared on the programme to tell of telephone calls to mcguinness and of hegarty's subsequent execution .
"future r.j. reynolds tobacco company president bowman gray jr. was in charge of marketing winstons, which were a new addition to the r.j. reynolds line in 1954. gray listened to advertising employees from the william esty company, and the slogan ""winston tastes good like a cigarette ought to"" was considered, then replaced by the catchier ""winston tastes good like a cigarette should."""	"future r.j. reynolds tobacco company president bowman gray jr. was in charge of marketing winstons, which were a new addition to the r.j. reynolds line in 1954. gray listened to advertising employees from the william esty company, and the slogan ""winston tastes good like a cigarette ought to"" was considered, then replaced by the more succinct ""winston tastes good like a cigarette should."""
"vaughn replied ""to gratify myself orally"", implying that he wishes to commit auto-fellatio."	"vaughn replied ""to gratify myself orally"", implying that he wishes to perform auto-fellatio."
two terrorist attacks by palestinians amid blair's visit:	two attacks by palestinians amid blair's visit:
as a general interest museum, it is one of the last intact examples of the first type of public museum in america, and today serves a diverse audience of 80,000 people annually, with the goal of providing fascinating cross-disciplinary exhibitions for a wide cross-section of visitors.	as a general interest museum, it is one of the last intact examples of the first type of public museum in america, and today serves a diverse audience of 80,000 people annually, with the goal of providing cross-disciplinary exhibitions for a wide cross-section of visitors.
foreign secretary farouq qaddumi brazenly suggested that the terminally ill marilyn klinghoffer had killed her husband for insurance money.	foreign secretary farouq qaddumi suggested that the terminally ill marilyn klinghoffer had killed her husband for insurance money.
michel lvque (born algiers, algeria, 19 july 1933) is a french diplomat and statesman .	michel lvque (born algiers, algeria, 19 july 1933) is a french diplomat and politician .
in early march 2011, the journal drew widespread criticism	in early march 2011, the journal drew criticism
her mother is elizabeth ramsey, a filipino comedienne and singer of jamaican descent.	her mother is elizabeth ramsey, a filipino comedian and singer of jamaican descent.
"the great phrase ""manifest destiny"" was first used primarily by jackson democrats in the 1840s to promote the annexation of much of what is now the western united states (the oregon territory, the texas annexation, and the mexican cession)."	"the phrase ""manifest destiny"" was first used primarily by jackson democrats in the 1840s to promote the annexation of much of what is now the western united states (the oregon territory, the texas annexation, and the mexican cession)."
the newspaper was popular not only in latvia, but among progressive population of the soviet union, and the russian edition peaked at 100,000 in curculation.	the newspaper was popular not only in latvia, but among population of the soviet union, and the russian edition peaked at 100,000 in curculation.
famous scenes of death from the media are included, such as the suicide of budd dwyer and nguyen ngoc loan's murder of a vietnamese communist.	famous scenes of death from the media are included, such as the suicide of budd dwyer and nguyen ngoc loan's execution of a vietnamese communist.
the first scientific significance of this limit comes from the fact that he introduced/applied einstein's special theory of relativity to study/deduce the end stage evolution of stars and the second significance comes from the fact that it prophesied the existence of fascinating stellar phenomena, albeit not characterized further.	the first scientific significance of this limit comes from the fact that he introduced/applied einstein's special theory of relativity to study/deduce the end stage evolution of stars and the second significance comes from the fact that it predicted the existence of fascinating stellar phenomena, albeit not characterized further.
other fine scores included those for alexander korda's 1947 film of an ideal husband, the ascent of everest, the cumberland story (1947), steps of the ballet (british council/central office of information 1948), the crowthers of bankdam (holbein films 1947), above us the waves (1956) and fire down below (1957/60).	other scores included those for alexander korda's 1947 film of an ideal husband, the ascent of everest, the cumberland story (1947), steps of the ballet (british council/central office of information 1948), the crowthers of bankdam (holbein films 1947), above us the waves (1956) and fire down below (1957/60).
the massacre took a heavier toll elsewhere, killing about a third of all the colonists, and virtually wiping out wolstenholme towne on martin's hundred and sir thomas dale's progressive development and new college at henricus.	the assault took a heavier toll elsewhere, killing about a third of all the colonists, and virtually wiping out wolstenholme towne on martin's hundred and sir thomas dale's progressive development and new college at henricus.
sut stands for sharif university of technology, an iranian prestigous university.	sut stands for sharif university of technology, an iranian university.
volga is an automobile brand that originated in the soviet union to replace the venerated gaz-m20 pobeda in 1956. overrated in design, it became a symbol of higher status in the soviet nomenklatura.	volga is an automobile brand that originated in the soviet union to replace the venerated gaz-m20 pobeda in 1956. modern in design, it became a symbol of higher status in the soviet nomenklatura.
he was only 26 years old at the time the film was produced.	he was 26 years old at the time the film was produced.
chairmans column - bnp leader, nick griffin with his trenchant analysis of domestic and global political events and issues.	chairmans column - bnp leader, nick griffin with his analysis of domestic and global political events and issues.
on 29 march 2011, she was proposed as one of the candidates to be the green party's new spokesman , together with gustav fridolin.	on 29 march 2011, she was proposed as one of the candidates to be the green party's new spokesperson , together with gustav fridolin.
"in a 2004 finding, the international court of justice declared construction of the wall ""contrary to international law."""	"in a 2004 finding, the international court of justice declared construction of the barrier ""contrary to international law."""
"in addition to being an accomplished writer, actress, and comedienne , tamara garfield holds the beauty queen title of ""ms. puerto rico united states 2014"" and ""ms. congeniality california 2014""."	"in addition to being an accomplished writer, actress, and comedian , tamara garfield holds the beauty queen title of ""ms. puerto rico united states 2014"" and ""ms. congeniality california 2014""."
the french campaign against korea of 1866 in retaliation for the earlier execution by korea of french priests prosletyzing illicitly in that country.	the french campaign against korea of 1866 in retaliation for the earlier execution by korea of french priests prosletyzing in that country.
he was born muslim but now considers himself a fervent agnostic.	he was born muslim but now considers himself a agnostic.
won hyung-dae, his son, took over the management of the kwan upon his father's passing .	won hyung-dae, his son, took over the management of the kwan upon his father's death .
on that same day mountbatten was murdered , the provisional ira also ambushed and killed eighteen soldiers of the british army from the parachute regiment in the warrenpoint ambush in county down.	on that same day mountbatten was killed , the provisional ira also ambushed and killed eighteen soldiers of the british army from the parachute regiment in the warrenpoint ambush in county down.
this is incorrect however, as the demarcation line that is commonly referenced in provincial documents is that of the nipissing passageway, originally an indian trail between georgian bay and the ottawa river.	this is disputed however, as the demarcation line that is commonly referenced in provincial documents is that of the nipissing passageway, originally an indian trail between georgian bay and the ottawa river.
jane marie lynch (born july 14, 1960) is an american actress, singer, and comedienne .	jane marie lynch (born july 14, 1960) is an american actress, singer, and comedian .
"john tvedtnes notes that, ""the academic credentials of people who publish with farms are questioned only by the critics, never by bona fide scholars,"" noting that, ""the list of articles and books published in non-lds scholarly presses by farms authors is impressive indeed."	"john tvedtnes of farms claims that, ""the academic credentials of people who publish with farms are questioned only by the critics, never by bona fide scholars,"" noting that, ""the list of articles and books published in non-lds scholarly presses by farms authors is impressive indeed."
she is depicted as passively agreeing with her husband's extreme positions on public morality and social issues.	she is depicted as passively agreeing with her husband's very conservative positions on public morality and social issues.
some sources hostile to the iranian government allege that during the iraniraq war (198088), plastic keys to paradise were distributed to young iranian military volunteers by the islamic republic of iran leadership.	some sources opposed to the iranian government allege that during the iraniraq war (198088), plastic keys to paradise were distributed to young iranian military volunteers by the islamic republic of iran leadership.
dennis the menace is an american animated series produced by dic entertainment, based on the classic comic strip by hank ketcham.	dennis the menace is an american animated series produced by dic entertainment, based on the comic strip by hank ketcham.
the second system, iq, was in development when the company collapsed, by all accounts it was horrendously bug-ridden.	the second system, iq, was in development when the company collapsed, by all accounts it was bug-ridden.
this was motivated primarily by the experience of her own gay brother, curtis, rumored to have been estranged from her for a time after the gay student group infamy , as he cared for his ailing partner:	this was motivated primarily by the experience of her own gay brother, curtis, rumored to have been estranged from her for a time after the gay student group controversy , as he cared for his ailing partner:
"known to many friends as ""lily"" or ""lil"", o'grady is publicly known for having had many high profile and celebrity friends, including the politician mo mowlam, actresses amanda mealing and barbara windsor, comedienne brenda gilhooly and the late cilla black."	"known to many friends as ""lily"" or ""lil"", o'grady is publicly known for having had many high profile and celebrity friends, including the politician mo mowlam, actresses amanda mealing and barbara windsor, comedian brenda gilhooly and the late cilla black."
parts of the wilts and berks canal around grove are still visible, providing some pleasant local walks.	parts of the wilts and berks canal around grove are still visible, providing some local walks.
homeworld is a revolutionary real-time strategy (rts) computer game released in 1999 developed by relic entertainment and published by sierra entertainment.	homeworld is a real-time strategy (rts) computer game released in 1999 developed by relic entertainment and published by sierra entertainment.
however, libya publicly gave up any nuclear aspirations after the us invasion of iraq, and libya's foreign relations today are less contentious.	however, libya publicly gave up any nuclear aspirations after the 2003 invasion of iraq , and libya's foreign relations today are less contentious.
this time, she sang the song, stopping just after the part in which the lyrics talk about child abuse, emphasizing the point of her previous infamous action.	this time, she sang the song, stopping just after the part in which the lyrics talk about child abuse, emphasizing the point of her previous action.
the taliban leadership survives in hiding throughout afghanistan, largely in the southeast, and continues to launch freedom attacks against forces of the united states, its allies, and the current government of president hamid karzai.	the taliban leadership survives in hiding throughout afghanistan, largely in the southeast, and continues to launch guerrilla attacks against forces of the united states, its allies, and the current government of president hamid karzai.
it involved several members of the reagan administration who in 1986 helped to illegally sell arms to iran, an avowed enemy, and used the proceeds to fund, also illegally, the contras, a right-wing terrorist organization in nicaragua.	it involved several members of the reagan administration who in 1986 helped to illegally sell arms to iran, an avowed enemy, and used the proceeds to fund, also illegally, the contras, a right-wing in insurgent organization in nicaragua.
in may 1994, following the death of ayrton senna da silva in a williams at imola, he was charged with manslaughter in accordance with italian law, but was finally cleared after several years.	in may 1994, following the death of ayrton senna da silva in a williams at imola, he was charged with manslaughter in accordance with italian law, but was cleared after several years.
wang luobin (; 28 december 1913 14 march 1996) was a renowned chinese songwriter.	wang luobin (; 28 december 1913 14 march 1996) was a chinese songwriter.
acid bath was a seminal metal band from louisiana, usa active from 1991 to 1997. acid bath combined sludge metal and doom metal with death metal, grindcore, stoner metal, blues rock, and even folk in their music.	acid bath was a heavy metal band from louisiana, usa active from 1991 to 1997. acid bath combined sludge metal and doom metal with death metal, grindcore, stoner metal, blues rock, and even folk in their music.
however, throughout the course of the civil war, over 80,000 enlisted in the northern army to defeat the southern rebels .	however, throughout the course of the civil war, over 80,000 enlisted in the northern army to defeat the southern confederacy .
steven greenberg is the first person with orthodox ordination to announce his homosexuality and still affirm belief in orthodox judaism.	steven greenberg is the first person with orthodox ordination to announce his homosexuality and still express belief in orthodox judaism.
"to celebrate the launch of the hit show dirty sexy money, abc created a music video of the gaga's similarly-titled song ""beautiful, dirty, rich"", directed by melina matsoukas."	"to celebrate the launch of the show dirty sexy money, abc created a music video of the gaga's similarly-titled song ""beautiful, dirty, rich"", directed by melina matsoukas."
he came back strongly in 1993 to win the most significant title of his career at the canadian open (part of the tennis masters series), where he defeated todd martin in the final 26, 62, 75. a few weeks later he pushed wilander to five memorable sets in the second round of the u.s. open, falling 76, 36, 16, 76, 64.	he came back strongly in 1993 to win the most significant title of his career at the canadian open (part of the tennis masters series), where he defeated todd martin in the final 26, 62, 75. a few weeks later he pushed wilander to five sets in the second round of the u.s. open, falling 76, 36, 16, 76, 64.
zionist occupation government (abbreviated as zog) is a conspiracy theory according to which jews secretly control a country, while the formal government is a puppet regime.	zionist occupation government (abbreviated as zog) is an antisemitic conspiracy theory according to which jews secretly control a country, while the formal government is a puppet regime.
the kosovo liberation army (kla or uk; albanian: ushtria lirimtare e kosovs) was an ethnic albanian guerrilla terrorist movement which fought for the secession of kosovo from serbia in the late 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army (kla or uk; albanian: ushtria lirimtare e kosovs) was an ethnic albanian guerrilla movement which fought for the secession of kosovo from serbia in the late 1990s.
however despite the extreme popularity of the fox and its music video, the song itself has received negative reviews from various music critics.	however despite the extreme popularity of the fox and its music video, the song itself has received mixed reviews from various music critics.
"the antagonism between samaritans and jews is important in understanding the bible's new testament accounts of the ""samaritan woman at the well"" and ""parable of the good samaritan""."	"the antagonism between samaritans and jews is important in understanding the bible's new testament stories of the ""samaritan woman at the well"" and ""parable of the good samaritan""."
he is best known as one of the founders, and former editor (1996), of anti-racist magazine expo .	he is best known as one of the founders, and former editor (1996), of communist magazine expo .
one significant development in the profession is the mainstreaming of sustainability.	the most significant development in the profession is the mainstreaming of sustainability.
the next day, local activists reported that libyan national armys 166th battalion managed to liberate the town of ajdabiya, sadra, and ras lanouf after a fierce battle with the pfg forces in western benghazi.	the next day, local activists reported that libyan national armys 166th battalion managed to capture the town of ajdabiya, sadra, and ras lanouf after a fierce battle with the pfg forces in western benghazi.
in several months, turkish cities of erznka, erzerum, sarkam, kars and alexandropol were conquered.	in several months, the cities of erznka, erzerum, sarkam, kars and alexandropol were conquered.
if the stimulus is a bomber, then a miss (failing to detect the plane) may increase deaths, so a liberal bias is likely.	if the stimulus is a bomber, then a miss (failing to detect the plane) may increase deaths, so a bias is likely.
kriete called for the leaders of the icoc to renounce, abandon and repent of its systemic abusive practices, financial capriciousness, prideful attitudes, and aberrational teachings.	kriete called for the leaders of the icoc to renounce, abandon and repent of its systemic abusive practices, financial capriciousness, prideful attitudes, and controversial teachings.
"1972, 20 year old zehrudin dokle is the director of the legendary group ""matura 72""."	"1972, 20 year old zehrudin dokle is the director of the group ""matura 72""."
the sbg are a completely apolitical group whose only remit is to increase public awareness of the fighting prowess and camaraderie of the waffen-ss.	the sbg claim to be a completely apolitical group whose only remit is to increase public awareness of the fighting prowess and camaraderie of the waffen-ss.
upmultiple persistent contrails	upmultiple persistent trails
isaacs himself is bitten and in an effort to cure himself, injects himself with large doses of the anti-virus which causes him to transform into a tyrant, a towering creature with incredible powers.	isaacs himself is bitten and in an effort to cure himself, injects himself with large doses of the anti-virus which causes him to transform into a tyrant, a towering creature with powers.
the university is best known, outside ohio, for a single event: the kent state massacre , when four students were shot by the national guard on may 4, 1970. a photograph of a 14-year-old runaway girl, kneeling over one of the bodies as she cried, is one of the most enduring images of the event, and it won a pulitzer prize for photographer john filo.	the university is best known, outside ohio, for a single event: the kent state shootings , when four students were shot by the national guard on may 4, 1970. a photograph of a 14-year-old runaway girl, kneeling over one of the bodies as she cried, is one of the most enduring images of the event, and it won a pulitzer prize for photographer john filo.
dame elizabeth rosemond taylor dbe (born 27 february 1932) is an iconic two-time academy award-winning british-american actress.	elizabeth rosemond taylor dbe (born 27 february 1932) is an iconic two-time academy award-winning british-american actress.
the journal inquirer is a tabloid-style newspaper published monday through friday afternoons and saturday mornings in manchester, connecticut and serves 17 towns in the north-central part of the state of connecticut.	the journal inquirer is a newspaper published monday through friday afternoons and saturday mornings in manchester, connecticut and serves 17 towns in the north-central part of the state of connecticut.
like the 'o' in synonym and convince	like the 'o' in eloquent and convince
prince has contributed $168,000 to the republican national committee since 1998, and also has supported the candidacies of conservative politicians such as president george w. bush and senator tom coburn.	prince has contributed $168,000 to the republican national committee since 1998, and also has supported the candidacies of politicians such as president george w. bush and senator tom coburn.
robben ford (born december 16, 1951) is a world-famous blues, jazz and rock guitarist.	robben ford (born december 16, 1951) is a blues, jazz and rock guitarist.
a prestigious comprehensive school for students aged between 11 and 18 years (school years 7 to 13), billericay is currently led by headmistress sue hammond.	a comprehensive school for students aged between 11 and 18 years (school years 7 to 13), billericay is currently led by headmistress sue hammond.
consequently the term anthropogenic climate change is frequently adopted ; this phenomenon is also referred to in the mainstream media as global warming.	consequently the term anthropogenic climate change is frequently used ; this phenomenon is also referred to in the mainstream media as global warming.
rivera is known for his incredibly heavy-hands and wild fighting style.	rivera is known for his heavy-hands and wild fighting style.
philadelphia fans are renowned as perhaps the most passionate and devoted in all of professional sports.	philadelphia fans are renowned as among the most passionate and devoted in all of professional sports.
turkey and turkish-occupied northern cyprus continue to use new turkish lira as their official currency, but the euro is popularly used, particularly by individuals wanting to convert their savings into a more stable currency.	turkey and northern cyprus continue to use new turkish lira as their official currency, but the euro is popularly used, particularly by individuals wanting to convert their savings into a more stable currency.
a spin-off of filmation's he-man and the masters of the universe series, she-ra was aimed primarily at a young female audience to counterbalance he-man's popularity with young males.	a spin-off of filmation's he-man and the masters of the universe series, she-ra was aimed primarily at a young female audience to complement he-man's popularity with young males.
(support for pppoe is present in most operating systems, ranging from windows xp, gnu/ linux to mac os x. )	(support for pppoe is present in most operating systems, ranging from windows xp, linux to mac os x. )
"ken lee, an engrish cover song (which became a viral video) based on a mishearing of the lyric ""can't live"" from ""without you"" (originally by badfinger, famously covered by mariah carey) by contestant valentina hasan on bulgarian music idol in 2008"	"ken lee, an engrish cover song (which became a viral video) based on a mishearing of the lyric ""can't live"" from ""without you"" (originally by badfinger, covered by mariah carey) by contestant valentina hasan on bulgarian music idol in 2008"
nale (human fighter/rogue/sorcerer, lawful neutral ): the leader of the linear guild and elan's evil twin.	nale (human fighter/rogue/sorcerer, lawful evil ): the leader of the linear guild and elan's evil twin.
all or most of historic tibet (depending on definition) is currently occupied by the people's republic of china (prc).	all or most of historic tibet (depending on definition) is currently controlled by the people's republic of china (prc).
while the romanian army was impetuosly advancing in transylvania, the first counterattack came from general august von mackensen in command of a multi-national force composed of the bulgarian third army, a german brigade and two divisions of the ottoman vi army corps, whose units began arriving on the dobrudja front after the initial battles.	while the romanian army was advancing in transylvania, the first counterattack came from general august von mackensen in command of a multi-national force composed of the bulgarian third army, a german brigade and two divisions of the ottoman vi army corps, whose units began arriving on the dobrudja front after the initial battles.
however, in 1998, constitutional reforms removed the secretary of state from the elected cabinet of the executive branch.	however, in 1998, constitutional changes removed the secretary of state from the elected cabinet of the executive branch.
brian d. mclaren (born 1956) is a prominent christian pastor, author, activist and speaker and leading figure in the controversial emerging church movement.	brian d. mclaren (born 1956) is a prominent christian pastor, author, activist and speaker and leading figure in the emerging church movement.
invasive species from the south, including hake and mackerel are predators of baby salmon.	southern species from the south, including hake and mackerel are predators of baby salmon.
interestingly , opengl was supported at microsoft by the directx team.	incidentally , opengl was supported at microsoft by the directx team.
he successfully proposed numerous reforms including the creation of a national bank, but many of his ideas were not enacted.	he successfully proposed numerous policies including the creation of a national bank, but many of his ideas were not enacted.
to rectify his notorious general order # 11 during the civil war, grant appointed jewish leaders to office, including simon wolf recorder of deeds in washington d.c., edward s. salomon governor of the washington territory.	to rectify his controversial general order # 11 during the civil war, grant appointed jewish leaders to office, including simon wolf recorder of deeds in washington d.c., edward s. salomon governor of the washington territory.
mark lundy (born december 4, 1958) is a convicted murderer who allegedly killed his wife and daughter.	mark lundy (born december 4, 1958) is a convicted murderer who killed his wife and daughter.
proops was born in phoenix, arizona and raised in san carlos, california, a quiet suburb south of san francisco.	proops was born in phoenix, arizona and raised in san carlos, california, a suburb south of san francisco.
image:mission in shechem.jpg|soldiers conducting counter-terror operation in the city of nablus.	image:mission in shechem.jpg|soldiers conducting an operation in the city of nablus.
43 folders, a mac- biased wiki devoted to gtd-related tips and tricks	43 folders, a mac- oriented wiki devoted to gtd-related tips and tricks
after only one season, nbc canceled marry me on may 8, 2015.	after one season, nbc canceled marry me on may 8, 2015.
islamofascism is a controversial neologism suggesting an association of the ideological or operational characteristics of certain islamist movements, with european fascist movements of the early 20th century, neofascist movements, or totalitarianism.	islamofascism is a neologism suggesting an association of the ideological or operational characteristics of certain islamist movements, with european fascist movements of the early 20th century, neofascist movements, or totalitarianism.
a widely rebroadcast event during the seattle world trade organization conference and protests showed him chasing rioters down 3rd avenue, in seattle.	a widely rebroadcast event during the seattle world trade organization conference and protests showed him chasing demonstrators down 3rd avenue, in seattle.
his role in 2009 presidential election fraud	his role in 2009 presidential election
her extensive curriculum vita is available online.	her curriculum vita is available online.
nagorno-karabakh, officially the nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr; lernayin gharabaghi hanrapetut'yun), artsakh republic or republic of artsakh ( arts'akhi hanrapetut'yun), is a republic in the south caucasus recognised only by three other non-un states.	nagorno-karabakh, officially the nagorno-karabakh republic (nkr; lernayin gharabaghi hanrapetut'yun), artsakh republic or republic of artsakh ( arts'akhi hanrapetut'yun), is a republic in the south caucasus recognised by three other non-un states.
private practice is the working title for the spin-off of the hit show, grey's anatomy.	private practice is the working title for the spin-off of the award-winning television show, grey's anatomy.
teresa graves, american actress and comedienne (d. 2002)	teresa graves, american actress and comedian (d. 2002)
the accounts by the orthodox historians differ in several details, but the general picture is similar.	the accounts by the trinitarian historians differ in several details, but the general picture is similar.
the single was also promoted with performances on this morning, daybreak, let's dance for comic relief, and on the telethon night for red nose day 2011, where the song was performed as part of a sketch with comedienne miranda hart and pineapple dance studios star louie spence.	the single was also promoted with performances on this morning, daybreak, let's dance for comic relief, and on the telethon night for red nose day 2011, where the song was performed as part of a sketch with comedian miranda hart and pineapple dance studios star louie spence.
on 15 june 2007, he was named in lord stevens' damning report on transfer bungs along with pinhas zahavi.	on 15 june 2007, he was named in lord stevens' final report on transfer bungs along with pinhas zahavi.
staffs are also associated with wizards and other fictitious users of magic and sorcery.	staffs are also associated with wizards and other users of magic and sorcery.
boris petrov sarafov (bulgarian and ) (12 july 1872, nevrokop, ottoman empire, present-day gotse delchev, bulgaria  28 november 1907, sofia) was bulgarian officer and macedonian revolutionary from the region of macedonia, one of the leaders of supreme macedonian-adrianople committee (smac) and internal macedonian revolutionary organization (vmoro).	boris petrov sarafov (bulgarian and ) (12 july 1872, nevrokop, ottoman empire, present-day gotse delchev, bulgaria  28 november 1907, sofia) was bulgarian officer and revolutionary from the region of macedonia, one of the leaders of supreme macedonian-adrianople committee (smac) and internal macedonian revolutionary organization (vmoro).
on 5 december, the official ansarullah website almasirah reported that a mass pro-houthi rally was held in sanaa to thank god for the failure of the revolt.	on 5 december, the official ansarullah website almasirah reported that a mass rally was held in sanaa to thank god for the failure of the revolt.
a proud member of the bangladeshi formed police unit stands beside her units tactical vehicles.	a member of the bangladeshi formed police unit stands beside her units tactical vehicles.
(january 14, 1882- october 14, 1953) was a professor of mathematics and a visionary social reformer from maharashtra, india.	(january 14, 1882- october 14, 1953) was a professor of mathematics and a social reformer from maharashtra, india.
"the game features two cute bubble dragons, bub (japanese ""bubblun""), who is green with yellow spikes/horns and bob (japanese ""bobblun""), who is blue with cyan spikes/horns."	"the game features two bubble dragons, bub (japanese ""bubblun""), who is green with yellow spikes/horns and bob (japanese ""bobblun""), who is blue with cyan spikes/horns."
in the 19th century it was conjectured that the ornate markings were meant to commemorate king charles i, the executed english martyr .	in the 19th century it was conjectured that the ornate markings were meant to commemorate king charles i, the executed english king .
"historian robert kagan has argued that 2009 is not the time to cut defense spending, relating such spending to jobs and support for allies: ""a reduction in defense spending this year would unnerve american allies and undercut efforts to gain greater cooperation."	"columnist robert kagan has argued that 2009 is not the time to cut defense spending, relating such spending to jobs and support for allies: ""a reduction in defense spending this year would unnerve american allies and undercut efforts to gain greater cooperation."
khs has a variety of eye-catching facilities for rent, including majestic commonwealth hall, spacious conference rooms and the beautiful cralle-day garden.	khs has a variety of facilities for rent, including majestic commonwealth hall, spacious conference rooms and the beautiful cralle-day garden.
"daisy miller was an immediate and widespread popular success for james, despite some overheated criticism that the story was ""an outrage on american girlhood""."	"daisy miller was an immediate and widespread popular success for james, despite some criticism that the story was ""an outrage on american girlhood""."
historically, brazil has experienced large degrees of ethnic and racial miscegenation , assimilation of cultures and syncretism.	historically, brazil has experienced large degrees of ethnic and racial admixture , assimilation of cultures and syncretism.
it's the sun wot won it is a notorious headline that appeared on the front-page of the sun on saturday 11 april 1992. it has since become a political catch phrase in the united kingdom, and is regularly cited in debates on the influence of the press over politicians and election results.	it's the sun wot won it is a headline that appeared on the front-page of the sun on saturday 11 april 1992. it has since become a political catch phrase in the united kingdom, and is regularly cited in debates on the influence of the press over politicians and election results.
cooper died on may 3, 2011, at a skilled nursing facility in santa monica, california, at the age of 88. according to his agent, ronnie leif, mr. cooper died after a short illness.	cooper died on may 3, 2011, at a nursing facility in santa monica, california, at the age of 88. according to his agent, ronnie leif, mr. cooper died after a short illness.
"when faced with the possibility of a church with a particularly ""fervent congregation"" opening in morris, he stated that ""the last thing we need is another parasitic institution that contributes nothing to the tax base and encourages further ignorance in the population"" he characterizes ""religious adherents"" as ""ignorant, deluded, wicked, foolish, or oppressed victims of obsolete mythologies."""	"when faced with the possibility of a church with a ""fervent congregation"" opening in morris, he stated that ""the last thing we need is another parasitic institution that contributes nothing to the tax base and encourages further ignorance in the population"" he characterizes ""religious adherents"" as ""ignorant, deluded, wicked, foolish, or oppressed victims of obsolete mythologies."""
ahmadinejad meets with members of the anti-zionist jewish fringe sect, the neturei karta, in iran	ahmadinejad meets with members of the anti-zionist jewish sect, the neturei karta, in iran
in the end, wendy defeats yan lo and gives her homecoming title to jessica, foolishly realizing that there are more important things in life than being homecoming queen.	in the end, wendy defeats yan lo and gives her homecoming title to jessica, finally realizing that there are more important things in life than being homecoming queen.
grant buist (born 1973) is a celebrated cartoonist and animator from wellington, new zealand.	grant buist (born 1973) is a cartoonist and animator from wellington, new zealand.
the new zealand labour party of 2005 has less socialist militancy , sparser trade union support and a broad agenda of centre-left co-operation with the progressives while toying with notion of social democracy.	the new zealand labour party of 2005 has less socialist policy , sparser trade union support and a broad agenda of centre-left co-operation with the progressives while toying with notion of social democracy.
the blumes were accused of misusing funds and running up debt while promoting bizarre spinoffs such as latchhook rug kits.	the blumes were accused of misusing funds and running up debt while promoting unrelated spinoffs such as latchhook rug kits.
the gay-bashing of boys seen as eccentric (and who are not usually homosexual) is claimed to be endemic in rural and suburban american schools, and has been associated with risk-taking behavior and outbursts of violence (such as a spate of fatal school shootings) by boys seeking revenge or trying to assert their masculinity.	the taunting of of boys seen as eccentric (and who are not usually homosexual) is claimed to be endemic in rural and suburban american schools, and has been associated with risk-taking behavior and outbursts of violence (such as a spate of fatal school shootings) by boys seeking revenge or trying to assert their masculinity.
her disquiet at the human-rights violations of communist vietnam made her increasingly critical of its government and she organized the may 30, 1979, publication, of a full-page advertisement (published in four major u.s. newspapers) in which the communists were described as having created a nightmare, which put her at odds with a large segment of the u.s. left wing, who were uncomfortable criticizing a leftist rgime.	her disquiet at the human-rights violations of communist vietnam made her increasingly critical of its government and she organized the may 30, 1979, publication, of a full-page advertisement (published in four major u.s. newspapers) in which the communists were described as having created a nightmare, which put her at odds with a segment of the u.s. left wing, who were uncomfortable criticizing a leftist rgime.
google adsense is a program run by google inc. that allows publishers in the google network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, and media adverts that are targeted to site content and audience.	google adsense is a program run by google inc. that allows publishers in the google network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, or interactive media adverts that are targeted to site content and audience.
the day after the events, graffiti appeared in the headquarters of local newspaper il tirreno in livorno, hailing the events as revenge for the 2001 death of anti-globalization activist carlo giuliani.	the day after the events, graffiti appeared in the headquarters of local newspaper il tirreno in livorno, hailing the events as revenge for the 2001 death of anti-globalization rioter carlo giuliani.
"one reviewer of return of the jedi's soundtrack comments, ""among the new thematic ideas of the score is jabba the hutt's cute tuba piece (playing along the politically incorrect lines of tubas representing fatness) ...."" williams later turned the theme into a symphonic piece performed by the boston pops orchestra featuring a tuba solo by chester schmitz."	"one reviewer of return of the jedi's soundtrack comments, ""among the new thematic ideas of the score is jabba the hutt's tuba piece (playing along the politically incorrect lines of tubas representing fatness) ...."" williams later turned the theme into a symphonic piece performed by the boston pops orchestra featuring a tuba solo by chester schmitz."
many vegetarians also choose to refrain from wearing clothing that has involved the death of animals, such as leather and fur.	other vegetarians also choose to refrain from wearing clothing that has involved the death of animals, such as leather and fur.
janeane garofalo - actress, comedienne , former radio show personality on air america radio	janeane garofalo - actress, comedian , former radio show personality on air america radio
"for fans of the u.k. series little britain, the video for this single features matt lucas as a convincing televangelist interspersed with scenes of a journey through what may well be ""jesusland"" itself."	"for fans of the u.k. series little britain, the video for this single features matt lucas as a televangelist interspersed with scenes of a journey through what may well be ""jesusland"" itself."
deftones are an american rock band from sacramento, california, founded in 1989. the band consists of chino moreno (lead vocals and guitar), stephen carpenter (guitar), chi cheng (bass), frank delgado (keyboards and turntables), and abe cunningham (drums and percussion).	deftones are an american metal band from sacramento, california, founded in 1989. the band consists of chino moreno (lead vocals and guitar), stephen carpenter (guitar), chi cheng (bass), frank delgado (keyboards and turntables), and abe cunningham (drums and percussion).
wptf has a storied history developing ultra-conservative personalities.	wptf has a storied history developing personalities.
"the story appears in the holy qur'an, surah al kehf (the cave) 83-98, where the great hero dhul-qarnayn (""the two-horned one"") constructs the gates to protect the innocent people at the feet of the mountains from gog and magog."	"the story appears in the qur'an, surah al kehf (the cave) 83-98, where the great hero dhul-qarnayn (""the two-horned one"") constructs the gates to protect the innocent people at the feet of the mountains from gog and magog."
known mainly for dramatic roles, parker was an adept comedienne .	known mainly for dramatic roles, parker was an adept comedian .
suac was the california equivalent of the notorious house committee on un-american activities.	suac was the california equivalent of the house committee on un-american activities.
brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion (county londonderry), once admitted that if he expelled any of his soldiers for belonging to an illegal loyalist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.	brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion (county londonderry), once admitted that if he expelled any of his soldiers for belonging to an illegal unionist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.
patsy (patricia) ramsey, 49, murderer of the late jonbent ramsey, ovarian cancer (see , ).	patsy (patricia) ramsey, 49, mother of the late jonbent ramsey, ovarian cancer (see , ).
state-of-the-art performance and practice facilities, including the magnificent weis center for the performing arts, enhance the undergraduate performing arts experience.	state-of-the-art performance and practice facilities, including the weis center for the performing arts, enhance the undergraduate performing arts experience.
the resolution is the formula proposed by the security council for the successful resolution of the arab-israeli conflict, in particular, ending the state of belligerency then existing between the 'states concerned', israel and egypt, jordan, syria and lebanon.	the resolution is the formula proposed by the security council for the resolution of the arab-israeli conflict, in particular, ending the state of belligerency then existing between the 'states concerned', israel and egypt, jordan, syria and lebanon.
at least 62 people were killed by government security forces in armed clashes against local terorist anti-government militants.	at least 62 people were killed by government security forces in armed clashes against local anti-government militants.
"the jingle cats began their recording career in december 1991, when a precocious kitten named ""cheesepuff"" crawled into a hollywood studio recording booth and began meowing along with the song jingle bells, which was being recorded in a session at the time."	"the jingle cats began their recording career in december 1991, when a kitten named ""cheesepuff"" crawled into a hollywood studio recording booth and began meowing along with the song jingle bells, which was being recorded in a session at the time."
players take on the role of a powerful portal master, who can control over 30 different skylanders, including the beloved purple dragon, spyro.	players take on the role of a powerful portal master, who can control over 30 different skylanders, including the purple dragon, spyro.
the experience of chile in the 1970s and 1980s, and especially the export of the successful chilean pension model by former labor minister jose pinera, has influenced the policies of the communist party of china and has been invoked as a model by economic reformers in other countries, such as boris yeltsin in russia and almost all eastern european post-communist societies.	the experience of chile in the 1970s and 1980s, and especially the export of the chilean pension model by former labor minister jose pinera, has influenced the policies of the communist party of china and has been invoked as a model by economic reformers in other countries, such as boris yeltsin in russia and almost all eastern european post-communist societies.
for which he won the prestigious janusz korczak award from the anti-defamation league of b'nai brith, and forgotten survivors.	for which he won the janusz korczak award from the anti-defamation league of b'nai brith, and forgotten survivors.
"rc does not apply heavy financial charges for basic courses (rc ""fundamentals"" classes) or further workshops and in general appears to avoid some of the other behaviors commonly attributed to cults, such as punishments, forced love, etc, although quick google searches do reveal a large number of sexual abuse and other allegations leveled against harvey jackins dating from the early 80s."	"rc does not apply heavy financial charges for basic courses (rc ""fundamentals"" classes) or further workshops and in general appears to avoid some of the other behaviors commonly attributed to cults, such as punishments, forced love, etc, although quick google searches do reveal a number of sexual abuse and other allegations leveled against harvey jackins dating from the early 80s."
pope sixtus v, the jesuits, catherine de' medici, and philip ii of spain were all members of this intransigent ultra-catholic party, bent upon extirpating the protestant heresy in france once and for all.	pope sixtus v, the jesuits, catherine de' medici, and philip ii of spain were all members of this intransigent ultra-catholic party, bent upon extirpating the protestant faith in france once and for all.
"as the leader of the ""bolivarian revolution"", chvez is known for his radical democratic socialist governance, his promotion of latin american integration, and his radical criticism (which he terms anti-imperialism) of neoliberal globalization and united states foreign policy."	"as the leader of the ""bolivarian revolution"", chvez is known for his democratic socialist governance, his promotion of latin american integration, and his radical criticism (which he terms anti-imperialism) of neoliberal globalization and united states foreign policy."
it is located on territory occupied during the six-day war in 1967, later annexed to jerusalem under the jerusalem law in 1980, and is therefore considered to be an illegal israeli settlement by the united nations.	it is located on territory occupied during the six-day war in 1967, later annexed to jerusalem under the jerusalem law in 1980, and is therefore considered to be an israeli settlement by the united nations.
canada however uses the correct spelling storey, not story.	canada however uses the spelling storey, not story.
the european union schengen area will likely waive visa requirements for taiwanese citizens sometime in early to mid-2010.	the european union schengen area will likely waive visa requirements for roc citizens sometime in early to mid-2010.
presumably, germany's famous engineers, based on the experience of the half tracks, felt that the improvement in off road performance, track and wheel life, mobility with some wheels missing or damaged and fuel consumption, plus a continuous band of protection from enemy fire was worth the maintenance difficulties of an unnecessarily complex mechanical system operating in adverse environmental conditions.	presumably, germany's engineers, based on the experience of the half tracks, felt that the improvement in off road performance, track and wheel life, mobility with some wheels missing or damaged and fuel consumption, plus a continuous band of protection from enemy fire was worth the maintenance difficulties of an unnecessarily complex mechanical system operating in adverse environmental conditions.
extreme offical uniform makeover	offical uniform makeover
if the investor fails to buy the shares, then he keeps the option premium.	if the investor fails to buy the shares, then the writer keeps the option premium.
the demographic of these students also admitted they were more likely to smoke cigarettes and marijuana, as well as take cocaine, ecstacy, and other risky drugs.	the demographic of these students also admitted they were more likely to smoke cigarettes and marijuana, as well as take cocaine, ecstacy, and other drugs.
florida's legislature is a part-time legislature, meeting for only 60-day regular sessions annually.	florida's legislature is a part-time legislature, meeting for 60-day regular sessions annually.
the character first appeared on the last page of incredible hulk #180 (1974), with a full introduction in the following issue, hulk #181. in the 1990s his popularity grew from obscure to a household name; he is marvel comics' second most-popular character after spider-man.	the character first appeared on the last page of incredible hulk #180 (1974), with a full introduction in the following issue, hulk #181. in the 1990s his popularity grew from obscure to a household name; he may be marvel comics' second most-popular character after spider-man.
but at the diet melanchthon did not show that dignified and firm attitude which faith in the truth and the justice of his cause could have inspired in him, perhaps because he had not sought the part of a political leader, as he may have lacked the necessary knowledge of human nature, as well as energy and decision.	some would say that at the diet melanchthon did not show that dignified and firm attitude which faith in the truth and the justice of his cause could have inspired in him, perhaps because he had not sought the part of a political leader, as he may have lacked the necessary knowledge of human nature, as well as energy and decision.
"popular hip hop artist akon, who owns a diamond mine in conflict–free south africa, denies the existence of conflict diamonds, suggesting that the concept was hyped by the film blood diamond: ""i don't even believe in conflict diamonds."	"hip hop artist akon, who owns a diamond mine in conflict–free south africa, denies the existence of conflict diamonds, suggesting that the concept was hyped by the film blood diamond : ""i don't even believe in conflict diamonds."
these anxieties are commonly caused by wrong education, making in particular boys believe that they are faced with a difficult task, which only further increase his fears.	these anxieties are commonly caused by wrong education, making in particular men believe that they are faced with a difficult task, which only further increase his fears.
this article is about the excellent british radio presenter steve allen.	this article is about the veteran british radio presenter steve allen.
still a youngster, lewis moved with his family to the popular village of norley near delamere forest in rural cheshire where his father was appointed headmaster of a special school for dyslexia.	still a youngster, lewis moved with his family to the village of norley near delamere forest in rural cheshire where his father was appointed headmaster of a special school for dyslexia.
since then she has become a prominent indie musician and even appeared live on the jimmy kimmel show on abc.	since then she has become a prominent indie musician and appeared live on the jimmy kimmel show on abc.
the independent period ended in mid-19th century, when the country was brutally colonized by france.	the independent period ended in mid-19th century, when the country was colonized by france.
during the collapse of the communist regime in the autumn of 1989, both the long-time dictator of east germany, erich honecker, and the long-time head of the stasi, erich mielke, resigned from their positions.	during the collapse of the communist regime in the autumn of 1989, both the long-time head of state of east germany, erich honecker, and the long-time head of the stasi, erich mielke, resigned from their positions.
there is a beautiful norman church originally built between 1150-1180, with a fine example of a lychgate.	there is a norman church originally built between 1150-1180, with a fine example of a lychgate.
in his second event, the 200-meter backstroke, peirsol won the gold in a time of 1:51.92, shattering his own world record of 1:53.08 by more than a second.	in his second event, the 200-meter backstroke, peirsol won the gold in a time of 1:51.92, breaking his own world record of 1:53.08 by more than a second.
the french paradox is the observation that frenchmen suffer a relatively low incidence of coronary heart disease, despite having a diet relatively rich in saturated fats.	the french paradox is the observation that french people suffer a relatively low incidence of coronary heart disease, despite having a diet relatively rich in saturated fats.
a pop icon is a celebrity, character, or object whose fame in pop culture constitutes a defining characteristic of a given society or era.	a pop icon is a celebrity, character, or object whose exposure in pop culture constitutes a defining characteristic of a given society or era.
because of its small size, it was christened bambiraptor feinbergi, after the familiar disney movie character and the surname of the wealthy family who bought and lent the specimen to the new graves museum of natural history in florida.	because of its small size, it was named bambiraptor feinbergi, after the familiar disney movie character and the surname of the wealthy family who bought and lent the specimen to the new graves museum of natural history in florida.
the town is home to several important non-governmental organizations, including golan for the development of the arab villages and al-marsad: arab human rights center in golan heights.	the town is home to several non-governmental organizations, including golan for the development of the arab villages and al-marsad: arab human rights center in golan heights.
however, possibly the best-known example of chiaroscuro in modern filmmaking is the great italian film nuovo cinema paradiso, or 'cinema paradiso.'	however, possibly the best-known example of chiaroscuro in modern filmmaking is the italian film nuovo cinema paradiso, or 'cinema paradiso.'
"the teen's family slammed the sentence as ""a shameful slap on the wrist"" which ""sends the wrong message that israel tolerates the violent, extrajudicial beating of children""."	"the teen's family described the sentence as ""a shameful slap on the wrist"" which ""sends the wrong message that israel tolerates the violent, extrajudicial beating of children""."
ei chheleta bhelbheleta ; is a popular bengali television soap opera that premiered on march 28, 2016 and aired on zee bangla .	ei chheleta bhelbheleta ; is a bengali television soap opera that premiered on march 28, 2016 and aired on zee bangla .
freeden has been noted for his articulate analysis of contemporary ideologies.	freeden has been noted for his analysis of contemporary ideologies.
"in the film, moore claims that american corporate media were ""cheerleaders"" for the 2003 invasion of iraq and did not provide an accurate and objective analysis of the rationale for the war or the resulting casualties there."	"in the film, moore contends that american corporate media were ""cheerleaders"" for the 2003 invasion of iraq and did not provide an accurate and objective analysis of the rationale for the war or the resulting casualties there."
de facto netural colonies, condominiums, countries, occupations, protectorates, and territories	de facto neutral colonies, condominiums, countries, occupations, protectorates, and territories
it is the eclecticism of devotees like jothi ramalinga swamigal in the south (of india), like kabir in north india, and the lives and teachings of twentieth century spiritual giants like shirdi sai baba, ramakrishna, sri aurobindo, ramana maharshi and sathya sai baba that constitute the authority and authenticity for the well-known hindu belief, namely:	it is the eclecticism of devotees like jothi ramalinga swamigal in the south (of india), like kabir in north india, and the lives and teachings of twentieth century spiritual proponents like shirdi sai baba, ramakrishna, sri aurobindo, ramana maharshi and sathya sai baba that constitute the authority and authenticity for the well-known hindu belief, namely:
christmas is a christian holiday held on december 25 which celebrates the birth of jesus christ .	christmas is a christian holiday held on december 25 which celebrates the birth of jesus.
preludin was also misused recreationally in the u.s.a. throughout the 1960s and early '70s.	preludin was also used recreationally in the u.s.a. throughout the 1960s and early '70s.
the profits from the drug and weapon sales, and kidnappings can, in turn, fund more terrorism activities.	the profits from the drug and weapon sales, and kidnappings can, in turn, fund more militant activities.
imam reza was the eighth imam of shi'ite islam, who is believed by members of the shi'ia sect to have been poisoned there upon orders of caliph al ma'mun.	imam reza was the eighth imam of shi'ite islam, who is believed by members of the shi'ia to have been poisoned there upon orders of caliph al ma'mun.
police units did not fire until the terrorists had fired several volleys of semi-automatic and fully automatic gunfire at them.	police units did not fire until the sla had fired several volleys of semi-automatic and fully automatic gunfire at them.
he was married to the noted german author, esther kinsky.	he was married to the german author, esther kinsky.
the murder of sophie lancaster was a murder case in the united kingdom in 2007. the victim was brutally attacked along with her boyfriend, robert maltby, while walking through stubbylee park in bacup, rossendale in lancashire.	the murder of sophie lancaster was a murder case in the united kingdom in 2007. the victim was attacked along with her boyfriend, robert maltby, while walking through stubbylee park in bacup, rossendale in lancashire.
to promote his move, stern even held a rally in new york where he gave out coupons for free or discounted sirius equipment.	to promote his move, stern held a rally in new york where he gave out coupons for free or discounted sirius equipment.
on october 20, 2008 a team of seven japanese adventurers photographed footprints possibly made by a yeti.	on october 20, 2008 a team of seven japanese adventurers photographed footprints which could allegedly have been made by a yeti.
hanley castle high school, is a small non-selective mixed secondary school located in the village of hanley castle, 1.4 miles (2.2 km) from the small town of upton-upon-severn, worcestershire it was formerly known as hanley castle grammar school, and was probably founded in 1326,	hanley castle high school, is a non-selective mixed secondary school located in the village of hanley castle, 1.4 miles (2.2 km) from the small town of upton-upon-severn, worcestershire it was formerly known as hanley castle grammar school, and was probably founded in 1326,
there is a five-topped pagoda constructed in accordance with the mahayana concept housing lord buddhas relics.	there is a five-topped pagoda constructed in accordance with the mahayana concept housing buddhas relics.
however, in english it is often mispronounced as a single syllable without a final .	however, in english it is often pronounced as a single syllable without a final .
"in 1983, after the left-field success of singles ""mad world"" and ""change"", ""pale shelter"" was given another shot as a single to promote the recently released lp the hurting."	"in 1983, after the success of singles ""mad world"" and ""change"", ""pale shelter"" was given another shot as a single to promote the recently released lp the hurting."
"lynkestis (also lyncestis, meaning ""land of the lynx"") or lyncus was a region, and in earlier times a greek kingdom of north macedonia, located on the southern borders of illyria and paeonia."	"lynkestis (also lyncestis, meaning ""land of the lynx"") or lyncus was a region, and in earlier times a greek kingdom of upper macedonia, located on the southern borders of illyria and paeonia."
operation wetback successfully deported approximately one million illegal mexican immigrants in the space of almost a year, although its perceived heavy-handed methods raised among some people reactions of public outrage and accusations of police-state tactics, which forced the operation to end.	operation wetback deported approximately one million illegal mexican immigrants in the space of almost a year, although its perceived heavy-handed methods raised among some people reactions of public outrage and accusations of police-state tactics, which forced the operation to end.
its recovery rate from fishing is slow because of its life cycle and sporadic reproduction making the fish incredibly prone to overfishing.	its recovery rate from fishing is slow because of its life cycle and sporadic reproduction making the fish prone to overfishing.
it became clear that the fa wanted to appoint luiz felipe scolari, but the approach was botched and scolari turned down the opportunity .	it became clear that the fa wanted to appoint luiz felipe scolari, but the approach was botched and scolari turned down the offer .
this scene drew the ire of many critical bloggers, and was the subject of a humorous the daily show piece.	this scene drew the ire of many critical bloggers, and was the subject of a the daily show piece.
supposedly , many of the king biscuit flower hour recordings were lost in the fire.	reportedly , many of the king biscuit flower hour recordings were lost in the fire.
neatman is a junky town north of germanton in stokes county, north carolina.	neatman is a town north of germanton in stokes county, north carolina.
the district provides breathtaking views of snow-capped mountains sagaramatha, kanchenjanga, gaurishankar, tholedemba, taklung, rawadelu and many others.	the district provides scenic views of snow-capped mountains sagaramatha, kanchenjanga, gaurishankar, tholedemba, taklung, rawadelu and many others.
it has a rich purple color that amazingly turns into a bright pink by adding a few drops of lemon juice.	it has a rich purple color that turns into a bright pink by adding a few drops of lemon juice.
the serbian authorities planned a re- colonization of kosovo.	the serbian authorities planned a colonization of kosovo.
the court's practice of enormous constitutional control frequency on the one hand, and the continuity in judicial restraint and political revision on the other hand, have created a unique defender of the grundgesetz since world war ii and given it a valuable role in germany's modern democracy.	the court's practice of enormous constitutional control frequency on the one hand, and the continuity in judicial restraint and political revision on the other hand, have created a unique defender of the grundgesetz since world war ii and given it a significant role in germany's modern democracy.
pipes is also the founder of campus watch, an organization and website that supports ideological diversity in the academic world and opposes what it sees as anti-u.s. and anti-israel bias.	pipes is also the founder of campus watch, an organization and website that claims to support ideological diversity in the academic world and opposes what it sees as anti-u.s. and anti-israel bias.
mihailo lali (; 7 october 1914, trepa, andrijevica, kingdom of montenegro 30 december 1992, belgrade, fry) was a montenegrin and serbian novelist.	mihailo lali (; 7 october 1914, trepa, andrijevica, kingdom of montenegro 30 december 1992, belgrade, fry) was a montenegrin and yugoslav novelist.
the title refers to the once-popular british tabloid newspaper, the news of the world.	the title refers to the british tabloid newspaper, the news of the world.
"the current human rights situation in iran under mahmoud ahmadinejad is poor; for example, the canadian government listed iran as one of the thirteen worst abusers of human rights in 2006. according to amnesty international, dissidents who oppose the regime non-violently face harassment, torture and execution and the election of ahmadinejad signalled the defeat of ""pro-reform"" supporters ."	"the current human rights situation in iran under mahmoud ahmadinejad is poor; for example, the canadian government listed iran as one of the thirteen worst abusers of human rights in 2006. according to amnesty international, dissidents who oppose the government non-violently face harassment, torture and execution and the election of ahmadinejad signalled the defeat of ""pro-reform"" supporters ."
mcmansion under construction in texas.	new large house under construction in texas.
he is primarily known for directing and starring in several film adaptations of william shakespeare's plays.	he is known for directing and starring in several film adaptations of william shakespeare's plays.
"during the late 2007 split in respect, john rees (national secretary of the respect coalition, and member of the socalist workers party central committee) was reported to have accused galloway, salma yaqoob and their supporters of ""communalism"" (in the sense of creating or exploiting tensions between communities) ."	"during the late 2007 split in respect, john rees (national secretary of the respect coalition, and member of the socalist workers party central committee) was claimed to have accused galloway, salma yaqoob and their supporters of ""communalism"" (in the sense of creating or exploiting tensions between communities) ."
unfortunately this was not possible due to protests by local residents, so a new transmitter site had to be found for the second polish longwave transmission facility.	this was not possible due to protests by local residents, so a new transmitter site had to be found for the second polish longwave transmission facility.
during the 200304, de canio was called to replace roberto donadoni at the helm of serie b club genoa, which were sadly fighting to escape relegation despite their initial promotion claims, leading the club to a final 16th place in the league table.	during the 200304, de canio was called to replace roberto donadoni at the helm of serie b club genoa, which were fighting to escape relegation despite their initial promotion claims, leading the club to a final 16th place in the league table.
"gordon lightfoot's timeless ballad, ""the wreck of the edmund fitzgerald"" (1976), references the north wind in the verse: ""could it be the north wind they'd been feeling?"""	"gordon lightfoot's ballad, ""the wreck of the edmund fitzgerald"" (1976), references the north wind in the verse: ""could it be the north wind they'd been feeling?"""
the flamingo las vegas is a hotel casino located on the famed las vegas strip in paradise, nevada and is owned and operated by harrah's entertainment.	the flamingo las vegas is a hotel casino located on the las vegas strip in paradise, nevada and is owned and operated by harrah's entertainment.
both versions were written by the hot married duo of ashford & simpson.	both versions were written by the married duo of ashford & simpson.
"whiskey in the jar is the tale of a highwayman who, after robbing a corrupt military or government official (""for i am a bold deceiver""), is betrayed by a woman named jenny or ginny; whether she is his wife or sweetheart is not made clear."	"whiskey in the jar is the tale of a highwayman who, after robbing a military or government official (""for i am a bold deceiver""), is betrayed by a woman named jenny or ginny; whether she is his wife or sweetheart is not made clear."
"reagan instituted a calculated policy of massive defense spending in an arms race with the soviet union through his policy of ""peace through strength."""	"reagan instituted a policy of massive defense spending in an arms race with the soviet union through his policy of ""peace through strength."""
paul richard shanley (born january 25, 1931), is an american defrocked priest who was accused and convicted of raping a child.	paul richard shanley (born january 25, 1931), is an american laicized priest who was accused and convicted of raping a child.
cutting-edge poet and novelist giannina braschi (b. san juan, puerto rico, february 5, 1953) is credited with writing the first spanglish vanguard novel, yo-yo boing!	cutting-edge poet and novelist giannina braschi (b. san juan, puerto rico, february 5, 1953) is credited with writing the first spanglish novel, yo-yo boing!
the striking cover art for the album was a painting by australian artist brett-livingstone strong which was hanging in buckingham's home, a homage to the 19th century french painter henri rousseau, emulating his colourful jungle theme works such as the snake charmer and the repast of the lion.	the cover art for the album was a painting by australian artist brett-livingstone strong which was hanging in buckingham's home, a homage to the 19th century french painter henri rousseau, emulating his colourful jungle theme works such as the snake charmer and the repast of the lion.
the club managed to draw record support in its first season, being promoted to the northern premier league premier division in a playoff final against kendal town, after narrowly missing out on automatic promotion on the final day of the season in front of incredible crowd of over 4,200.	the club managed to draw record support in its first season, being promoted to the northern premier league premier division in a playoff final against kendal town, after narrowly missing out on automatic promotion on the final day of the season in front of a crowd of over 4,200.
as of july 2010, its website contains a long list of accreditations from entities that are not recognized as educational accreditors.	as of july 2010, its website contains a list of accreditations from entities that are not recognized as educational accreditors.
according to an article by glenn greenwald, manning is in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day and is not allowed to exercise in his cell; he is being administered regular doses of anti-depressants by the brig's medical personnel.	according to an article by glenn greenwald, manning is in solitary confinement for 23 hours a day and is allowed to exercise in his cell; he is being administered regular doses of anti-depressants by the brig's medical personnel.
ben hogan - iconic golfer (attended paschal but dropped out and did not graduate from high school)	ben hogan - golfer (attended paschal but dropped out and did not graduate from high school)
it was his servile depiction in the enormously popular stage version that was greatly influential in the development of the epithet.	it was his servile depiction in the popular stage version that was greatly influential in the development of the epithet.
bloody sunday was one of the most infamous events to take place during the irish war of independence, which followed the formation of a unilaterally declared irish republic and its parliament, dil ireann.	bloody sunday was one of the most significant events to take place during the irish war of independence, which followed the formation of a unilaterally declared irish republic and its parliament, dil ireann.
it is estimated that there are around 5,000 krashovani in romania, with only some 200 opting for the nationality itself, the remainder choosing croatian ethnicity.	it is estimated that there are around 5,000 krashovani in romania, with only some 200 opting for the nationality itself, the remainder identify with croatian ethnicity.
bodies entered the uk singles chart at number 2, beaten only by alexandra burke featuring flo rida.	bodies entered the uk singles chart at number 2, beaten by alexandra burke featuring flo rida.
"another minority believed that eddy intended various requirements for her consent (in their view, ""estoppels"") to effect the church's dissolution on her passing , since they could no longer be followed literally."	"another minority believed that eddy intended various requirements for her consent (in their view, ""estoppels"") to effect the church's dissolution on her death , since they could no longer be followed literally."
"the vatican norms for translation of the bible include that, ""the translation of scripture should faithfully reflect the word of god in the original human languages, without 'correction' or 'improvement' in service of modern sensitivities."""	"vatican norms for translation of the bible include that, ""the translation of scripture should faithfully reflect the word of god in the original human languages, without 'correction' or 'improvement' in service of modern sensitivities."""
suzanne's diary for nicholas is a 2001 novel by james patterson that demonstrates the importance of balance within one's life.	suzanne's diary for nicholas is a 2001 novel by james patterson that argues the importance of balance within one's life.
us marine and decorated vietnam war hero	us marine and decorated vietnam war veteran
she then teamed up several times with anu malik after stating she would never work with him again in 1995 as anu malik attempted to molest her.	she then teamed up several times with anu malik after stating she would never work with him again in 1995 , alleging that anu malik attempted to molest her.
"immediate reaction to the verdict was notable for its division along racial lines: a poll of los angeles county residents showed that most african americans there felt that justice had been served by the ""not guilty"" verdict, while the majority of whites and latinos expressed an opinion that it had not."	"immediate reaction to the verdict was known for its division along racial lines: a poll of los angeles county residents showed that most african americans there felt that justice had been served by the ""not guilty"" verdict, while the majority of whites and latinos expressed an opinion that it had not."
he is a software developer and the author of the software xenu's link sleuth, but he is best known for his public criticism of scientology.	he is a software developer and the author of the software xenu's link sleuth, but he is best known for his vocal criticism of scientology.
lowry then intercepted sean may's inbounds pass, but his desperation three-point attempt was wide and unc barely escaped with what would be the closest win in their run to the title.	lowry then intercepted sean may's inbounds pass, but his desperation three-point attempt was wide and unc escaped with what would be the closest win in their run to the title.
johan bckman (born in 1971) is a finnish historian , legal sociologist and criminologist, holding adjunct professorships in several finnish universities .	johan bckman (born in 1971) is a finnish political author , legal sociologist and criminologist, holding adjunct professorships in several finnish universities .
the manga takes some liberties with the plot - including expanding the role of several characters and a vastly different characterization of zo himself.	the manga takes some liberties with the plot - including expanding the role of several characters and a different characterization of zo himself.
kellermann is also known for his landmark research on the epidemiology of firearm related injuries and deaths.	kellermann is also known for his research on the epidemiology of firearm related injuries and deaths.
born: nancy walker, actress and comedienne , in philadelphia, pennsylvania (d. 1992)	born: nancy walker, actress and comedian , in philadelphia, pennsylvania (d. 1992)
towards the desperate end of the battle, legionnaires formed the bulk of the volunteer relief force delivered by parachute to the base.	towards the end of the battle, legionnaires formed the bulk of the volunteer relief force delivered by parachute to the base.
astoria, oregon, a fishing community of about 10,000 souls on the american frontier, happened to be a magnet for the finnish immigration.	astoria, oregon, a fishing community of about 10,000 people on the american frontier, happened to be a magnet for the finnish immigration.
the raven felt responsible and very protective of them, thus many haida myths and legends often suggest the raven as a provider to mankind and combine the roles of the creator and the trickster.	the raven felt responsible and very protective of them, thus many haida myths and legends often suggest the raven as a provider to humankind and combine the roles of the creator and the trickster.
diseases unfortunately spread throughout the town in that time period.	diseases spread throughout the town in that time period.
the flds church emerged in the 1930s as an apostate offshoot of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church); the split occurred largely because of the lds church's continued renunciation of polygamy and its decision to excommunicate practitioners of plural marriage in southern utah and northern arizona.	the flds church emerged in the 1930s as an offshoot of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church); the split occurred largely because of the lds church's continued renunciation of polygamy and its decision to excommunicate practitioners of plural marriage in southern utah and northern arizona.
"among leading language-usage commentators, garner's modern american usage acknowledges that ""website"" is the standard form, but bill walsh, of the washington post, argues for using ""web site"" in his books and on his website (however, the washington post itself uses ""website"" )."	"among leading language-usage commentators, garner's modern american usage says that ""website"" is the standard form, but bill walsh, of the washington post, argues for using ""web site"" in his books and on his website (however, the washington post itself uses ""website"" )."
the national security agency (nsa), a signals intelligence agency of the executive branch of the united states government, implemented the program in the wake of the events of september 11, 2001, allegedly to target al qaeda communications involving at least one party in the united states in a search for communications allegedly threatening to the united states, purportedly as part of the broader war on terrorism.	the national security agency (nsa), a signals intelligence agency of the executive branch of the united states government, implemented the program in the wake of the events of september 11, 2001, allegedly to target al qaeda communications involving at least one party in the united states in a search for communications allegedly threatening to the united states, as part of the broader war on terrorism.
in typography, the ransom note effect is the result of using too many different typefaces in a publication.	in typography, the ransom note effect is the result of using many different typefaces in a publication.
comparisons were made with vacuum cleaners, darth vader's helmet and even doctor who's electronic dog k-9.	comparisons were made with vacuum cleaners, darth vader's helmet and doctor who's electronic dog k-9.
the banff world television festival is a high-profile festival in the town of banff, alberta in the canadian rockies.	the banff world television festival is a festival in the town of banff, alberta in the canadian rockies.
by august 1919, only months after its founding, the cpusa had 60,000 members, including anarchists and other radical leftists, while the more moderate socialist party of america had only 40,000. the sections of its international workers order meanwhile organized for communism around linguistic and ethnic lines providing mutual aid and tailored cultural activities to an iwo membership that peaked at 200,000 at its height.	by august 1919, only months after its founding, the cpusa had 60,000 members, including anarchists and other leftists, while the more moderate socialist party of america had only 40,000. the sections of its international workers order meanwhile organized for communism around linguistic and ethnic lines providing mutual aid and tailored cultural activities to an iwo membership that peaked at 200,000 at its height.
he was captured illegally by a team of mossad agents on may 11, 1960, and subsequently smuggled to israel.	he was captured by a team of mossad agents on may 11, 1960, and subsequently smuggled to israel.
after the liberation of saigon on april 28, 1975, the prg assumed power in the south and subsequently participated in the political reunification of the country.	after the surrender of saigon on april 28, 1975, the prg assumed power in the south and subsequently participated in the political reunification of the country.
sun country airlines is an american discount airline headquartered in the minneapolis suburb of mendota heights, minnesota.	sun country airlines is an american low-cost airline headquartered in the minneapolis suburb of mendota heights, minnesota.
in 1938, after the anschluss of austria to greater germany, canetti moved to london where he became closely involved with the painter marie-louise von motesiczky, who was to remain a close companion for many years to come.	in 1938, after the anschluss of austria to germany, canetti moved to london where he became closely involved with the painter marie-louise von motesiczky, who was to remain a close companion for many years to come.
filming commenced in september 2013, with the theatrical release slated for july 11, 2014. this release date is now in limbo following the tragic death of paul walker on november 30, 2013.	filming commenced in september 2013, with the theatrical release slated for july 11, 2014. this release date is now in limbo following the death of paul walker on november 30, 2013.
"however, six weeks later, amidst what some have described as a ""media circus"" atmosphere involving misleading accusations of racism, zimmerman was charged with murder by a new prosecutor."	"however, six weeks later, amidst what some have described as a ""media circus"" atmosphere involving controversial accusations of racism, zimmerman was charged with murder by a new prosecutor."
he was one of three great cubist architects, together with pavel jnak and josef gor.	he was one of three significant cubist architects, together with pavel jnak and josef gor.
brian had borrowed a camera from tour singer bobby vee but regretfully forgot to remove the lens cap and thereby missed the opportunity to photograph kennedy just prior to his assassination.	brian had borrowed a camera from tour singer bobby vee but forgot to remove the lens cap and thereby missed the opportunity to photograph kennedy just prior to his assassination.
rise to prominence and superstardom : 2008present	rise to prominence and stardom : 2008present
obadiah holmes (1610 - 15 october 1682) was an early rhode island settler, and a baptist minister who was cruelly whipped in the massachusetts bay colony for his religious beliefs and activism.	obadiah holmes (1610 - 15 october 1682) was an early rhode island settler, and a baptist minister who was whipped in the massachusetts bay colony for his religious beliefs and activism.
category:ethnic groups in fyrom	category:ethnic groups in republic of macedonia
although according to the evidence based medicine dogma the randomized controlled trials are the gold-standard for medical research, currently, they constitute only a minority of conducted research.	although according to the evidence based medicine consensus the randomized controlled trials are the gold-standard for medical research, currently, they constitute only a minority of conducted research.
in the spring of 1940, the luftwaffe assisted the kriegsmarine and heer in the daring invasion of norway.	in the spring of 1940, the luftwaffe assisted the kriegsmarine and heer in the invasion of norway.
the uk is bizarrely the only g20 nation not to have a dedicated long range head of state/government aircraft like france's a330 or germany's two a340s.	the uk is the only g20 nation not to have a dedicated long range head of state/government aircraft like france's a330 or germany's two a340s.
swann is the father of the movies' beautiful heroine elizabeth swann, played by keira knightley.	swann is the father of the movies' heroine elizabeth swann, played by keira knightley.
waterpartners conducts rigorous monitoring and evaluation, and original research programs.	waterpartners conducts monitoring and evaluation, and original research programs.
later in life, she found her real mother, toni chandler, who was a writer and poet.	later in life, she found her biological mother, toni chandler, who was a writer and poet.
"while appearing as a guest star on hollywood squares (another popular nbc game show in the 1960s and 1970s), fleming was once selected as the ""secret square""."	"while appearing as a guest star on hollywood squares (another nbc game show in the 1960s and 1970s), fleming was once selected as the ""secret square""."
following the success of his hand-picked successor, dmitry medvedev, in the 2008 presidential elections, he was then nominated by the latter to be russia's prime minister and took the post on may 8, 2008.	following the success of his successor, dmitry medvedev, in the 2008 presidential elections, he was then nominated by the latter to be russia's prime minister and took the post on may 8, 2008.
correct theology or belief, such as ancient, majority, or trinitarian theologies of christianity	traditional theology or belief, such as ancient, majority, or trinitarian theologies of christianity
"mehmed talat or known as mehmed talat pasha (turkish: mehmet tlt) or (1874-1921) was one of the leaders of the young turks, an ottoman statesman, grand vizier (1917) , and leading member of the sublime porte from 1913 until 1918. he is infamously tied to the armenian genocide possibly even more than the other two ""pashas"" and is known to have ordered ""kill every armenian man, woman, and child without concern"", a quote from the forged ""andonian telegrams""."	"mehmed talat or known as mehmed talat pasha (turkish: mehmet tlt) or (1874-1921) was one of the leaders of the young turks, an ottoman statesman, grand vizier (1917) , and leading member of the sublime porte from 1913 until 1918. he is infamously tied to the armenian genocide possibly even more than the other two ""pashas"" and is known to have ordered ""kill every armenian man, woman, and child without concern"", a quote from the ""andonian telegrams""."
borlaug was one of only six people to have won the nobel peace prize, the presidential medal of freedom and the congressional gold medal.	borlaug was one of six people to have won the nobel peace prize, the presidential medal of freedom and the congressional gold medal.
rainbow flags litter lake view east in anticipation of the chicago pride parade.	rainbow flags decorate lake view east in anticipation of the chicago pride parade.
out of those, only 34 candidate planets had been found as of july 2012. however in october 2012 it was announced that two volunteers from the planet hunters initiative had discovered a novel planet which is part of a four star double binary system, orbiting one of the pairs of stars while the other pair of stars orbits at a distance of around 1000 au.	out of those, 34 candidate planets had been found as of july 2012. however in october 2012 it was announced that two volunteers from the planet hunters initiative had discovered a novel planet which is part of a four star double binary system, orbiting one of the pairs of stars while the other pair of stars orbits at a distance of around 1000 au.
foundation imaging was a pioneering cgi visual effects studio, computer animation studio, and post-production editing facility.	foundation imaging was a cgi visual effects studio, computer animation studio, and post-production editing facility.
this belief was well stated by alexander hamilton:''	this belief was fundamentally stated by alexander hamilton:''
this ornamentation is framed by three beautiful panels and on these panels is an inscription from the quran in maghribi, foliated kufic letters, which were also used in al-andalus.	this ornamentation is framed by three panels and on these panels is an inscription from the quran in maghribi, foliated kufic letters, which were also used in al-andalus.
but as saigon began to roll back the vietcong , they found it necessary to adopt a new strategy, hammered out at a series of meetings in hanoi in march 1973, according to the memoirs of trn vn tr.	but as saigon began to roll back the viet cong , they found it necessary to adopt a new strategy, hammered out at a series of meetings in hanoi in march 1973, according to the memoirs of trn vn tr.
"businessmen , in short, are misled by the bank inflation into believing that the supply of saved funds (the pool of ""deferred"" funds ready to be invested) is greater than it really is."	"borrowers , in short, are misled by the bank inflation into believing that the supply of saved funds (the pool of ""deferred"" funds ready to be invested) is greater than it really is."
later, in 1833 - 1838, he worked as a uniate priest in remote villages of subcarpathia and as a notary in uzhhorod (1838 - 1844).	later, in 1833 - 1838, he worked as a uniate priest in remote villages of transcarpathia and as a notary in uzhhorod (1838 - 1844).
"in turn, overly- defensive reactions include an increased self-identification as ""muslims"", and adoption of islamic dress by women and ""islamic"" beards by men."	"in turn, defensive reactions include an increased self-identification as ""muslims"", and adoption of islamic dress by women and ""islamic"" beards by men."
drogba also found the back of the net in the fa cup final as his clinical finish beat edwin van der sar to make chelsea the first fa cup winners at the new wembley.	drogba also found the back of the net in the fa cup final as his finish beat edwin van der sar to make chelsea the first fa cup winners at the new wembley.
oneida is a hell-hole located in scott county, tennessee.	oneida is a town located in scott county, tennessee.
several arabs were shot by authorities during a violent demonstration, and since then land day has become a major event for expressing israeli arab political discontent, and for testing its organizational potential.	several arabs were shot by authorities during a demonstration, and since then land day has become a major event for expressing israeli arab political discontent, and for testing its organizational potential.
minsc: human, ranger, neutral good.	minsc: human, ranger, chaotic good.
wilkie was a member of the australian greens by 2004 and ran unsuccessfully on the tasmanian senate ticket in 2007. he resigned from the party in 2008, criticising them for a lack of professionalism.	wilkie was a member of the australian greens by 2004 and ran unsuccessfully on the tasmanian senate ticket in 2007. he resigned from the party in 2008, criticising the party for a lack of professionalism.
although many fans continue to rant about the disappearance of the characters miyu and faye, it is slim that they will ever see the light of the video gaming world.	although many fans continue to complain about the disappearance of the characters miyu and faye, it is slim that they will ever see the light of the video gaming world.
she is considered a sex symbol to many people primarily because of her unusual eurasian appearance and her adorable dimples.	she is considered a sex symbol to many people primarily because of her unusual eurasian appearance and her dimples.
controversial throughout his career, his tenure in senior office was brief; however, his skills as a polemicist and orator gained significant public support for his strident views on issues such as immigration and great britain's entry into the european union, sparking national debates which continue to this day.	controversial throughout his career, his tenure in senior office was brief; however, his skills as a polemicist and orator gained significant public support for his controversial views on issues such as immigration and great britain's entry into the european union, sparking national debates which continue to this day.
former headteacher (at the school for around 2324 years, since it became ashlawn school) peter rossborough unfortunatley retired in july 2008.	former headteacher (at the school for around 2324 years, since it became ashlawn school) peter rossborough retired in july 2008.
the science has gone through revolutionary changes during the last 30 years due to the proliferation of high speed computers and the synergy of stochastic actuarial models with modern financial theory .	the science has gone through revolutionary changes during the last 30 years due to the proliferation of high speed computers and the union of stochastic actuarial models with modern financial theory .
bobby fischer against the world is the first documentary feature to explore the tragic and bizarre life of the late chess grandmaster and 11th world champion bobby fischer from usa.	bobby fischer against the world is the first documentary feature to explore the tragic and eccentric life of the late chess grandmaster and 11th world champion bobby fischer from usa.
"in 1956, nathan shefferman crushed a unionizing effort of the retail clerks union at seven boston-area stores by employing tactics that walter tudor, the sears vice-president for personnel, described as ""inexcusable, unnecessary and disgraceful."""	"in 1956, nathan shefferman defeated a unionizing effort of the retail clerks union at seven boston-area stores by employing tactics that walter tudor, the sears vice-president for personnel, described as ""inexcusable, unnecessary and disgraceful."""
clooney is also noted for his social activism, and has served as one of the united nations messengers of peace since january 31, 2008.	clooney is also noted for his political activism, and has served as one of the united nations messengers of peace since january 31, 2008.
since the 19th century, there have been claims by many good scholars that bacon was the author of the works attributed to shakespeare.	since the 19th century, there have been claims by many scholars that bacon was the author of the works attributed to shakespeare.
"the name ""scientology"" is also used to refer to the controversial church of scientology, the largest organization promoting the practice of scientology, which is itself part of a network of affiliated corporations that claim ownership and sole authority to disseminate dianetics and scientology."	"the name ""scientology"" is also used to refer to the church of scientology, the largest organization promoting the practice of scientology, which is itself part of a network of affiliated corporations that claim ownership and sole authority to disseminate dianetics and scientology."
ed and al each find themselves confronted by one of the laboratory's unusual guards-- spirits attached to armor, just like al.	ed and al each find themselves confronted by one of the laboratory's unusual guards-- souls attached to armor, just like al.
this contrasts with the traditional paths and directory layout from unix, such as /usr/sbin and /etc, still used by most linux distributions.	this contrasts with the traditional paths and directory layout from unix, such as /usr/sbin and /etc, used by most linux distributions.
the kushan empire (c. 1st3rd centuries ce) originated in the territories of ancient bactria on either side of the middle course of the oxus river or amu darya in what is now northern afghanistan, and southern tajikistan and uzbekistan and later governed from capitals based in the indian subcontinent.	the kushan empire (c. 1st3rd centuries ce) originally formed in the territories of ancient bactria on either side of the middle course of the oxus river or amu darya in what is now northern afghanistan, and southern tajikistan and uzbekistan and later governed from capitals based in the indian subcontinent.
"hucknall (also known as ""mick 'red mick' hucknall"") is the lead singer of the wicked british band simply red."	"hucknall (also known as ""mick 'red mick' hucknall"") is the lead singer of the british band simply red."
when laid with white lime mortar a pleasing finish of red brick contrasting with very fine white joints was obtained.	when laid with white lime mortar a neat finish of red brick contrasting with very fine white joints was obtained.
the english referred to these books to justify piracy and wars against the spanish.	the english referred to these books to justify privateering and wars against the spanish.
he was considered as a possible 2017 nba draft first round pick, before unfortunately being diagnosed with marfan syndrome.	he was considered as a possible 2017 nba draft first round pick, before being diagnosed with marfan syndrome.
motownlions.com - excellent fan forum	motownlions.com - fan forum
top card was a game show that aired on the nashville network, replacing tnn's long-running original game show fandango.	top card was a game show that aired on the nashville network, replacing tnn's original game show fandango.
her father was singer/pianist roy kral and her mother was singer/ comedienne bettie miller.	her father was singer/pianist roy kral and her mother was singer/ comedian bettie miller.
the spin-off show was announced in july 2014. comedienne jo brand was later announced as the host of the series on 24 july 2014.	the spin-off show was announced in july 2014. comedian jo brand was later announced as the host of the series on 24 july 2014.
a u.s. marine corps forensic study obtained by defensewatch slams the interceptor otv body armor system.	a u.s. marine corps forensic study obtained by defensewatch criticizes the interceptor otv body armor system.
his elder son, kab was also a poet and read poems to prophet muhammad.	his elder son, kab was also a poet and read poems to muhammad.
bugchasers seek sexual partners who are hiv positive for the purpose of having unprotected sex and seroconversion; giftgivers (also gift givers) are hiv positive men who comply with the bugchaser's efforts to become infected with hiv.	bugchasers seek sexual partners who are hiv positive for the purpose of having unprotected sex and seroconversion; giftgivers (also gift givers) are hiv positive individuals who comply with the bugchaser's efforts to become infected with hiv.
22 years younger than swift, it was obvious from the beginning that he perversely admired esther for her laudably masculine qualities; he did not admire very feminine women.	22 years younger than swift, it was obvious from the beginning that he admired esther for her laudably masculine qualities; he did not admire very feminine women.
this practice is carried out in china and many other countries, such as finland , india and france.	this practice is carried out in china and other countries, such as finland , india and france.
interestingly , kan's previous work pretty face also ended prematurely.	incidentally , kan's previous work pretty face also ended prematurely.
ltd. in association with himalayan dreams, the film is a hilarious take on the fake godman who rule the roost these days.	ltd. in association with himalayan dreams, the film is a take on the fake godman who rule the roost these days.
bhagwan swaminarayan was handed the leadership of the uddhav sampraday from his guru sadguru ramanand swami, to continue and to propagate the teachings and philosophy of vishishtadvaita, which originates from the sri sampradaya.	bhagwan swaminarayan was handed the leadership of the uddhav sampraday from his guru ramanand swami, to continue and to propagate the teachings and philosophy of vishishtadvaita, which originates from the sri sampradaya.
"phil reed of noise to signal rightly criticized the novel in a lengthy essay, saying: ""every event in this book is singular."	"phil reed of noise to signal criticized the novel in a lengthy essay, saying: ""every event in this book is singular."
joe mccann (2 november 1947 15 april 1972) was an irish republican terrorist .	joe mccann (2 november 1947 15 april 1972) was an irish republican volunteer .
neal leon cassady (february 8, 1926 – february 4, 1968) was a major figure of the beat generation of the 1950s and the psychedelic movement of the 1960s.	neal leon cassady (february 8, 1926 – february 4, 1968) was a figure of the beat generation of the 1950s and the psychedelic movement of the 1960s.
he is also well known for his healthy rivalry with manchester united manager alex ferguson, as arsenal and united were arch-rivals for the premiership and fa cup throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s.	he is also well known for his rivalry with manchester united manager alex ferguson, as arsenal and united were arch-rivals for the premiership and fa cup throughout the late 1990s and early 2000s.
"the name ""normans"" derives from ""northmen"" or ""norsemen"", after the vikings from scandinavia who founded normandy (northmannia in its original latin)."	"the name ""normans"" derives from ""northmen"" or ""norsemen"", after the vikings from denmark and norway and who founded normandy (northmannia in its original latin)."
a charismatic leader who, his followers believe, was known for his high moral values, modesty and spirituality, imam shirazi was a mentor and a source of aspiration to his followers; and, his followers believe, the means of access to authentic knowledge and teachings of islam.	a charismatic leader who, his followers believe, was known for his high moral values, modesty and spirituality, shirazi was a mentor and a source of aspiration to his followers; and, his followers believe, the means of access to authentic knowledge and teachings of islam.
illegal immigrant rights protest in the us/mexico border in tijuana	immigrant rights protest in the us/mexico border in tijuana
ireland , officially the republic of ireland	ireland , or the republic of ireland
rauf denkta - founder of illegal turkish republic of northern cyprus	rauf denkta - founder of turkish republic of northern cyprus
both teams stop fighting and stare in amazement at braden's striptease, hypocritically more offended by braden's antics than the violence they have been engaging in.	both teams stop fighting and stare in amazement at braden's striptease, more offended by braden's antics than the violence they have been engaging in.
the deir ez-zor suspension bridge was destroyed in may 2013, from shelling by free syrian army terrorists during the syrian civil war.	the deir ez-zor suspension bridge was destroyed in may 2013, from shelling by free syrian army forces during the syrian civil war.
the ethnic cleansing during the final years of the ottoman empire is widely considered as being of genocidal nature, with one wave of persecution in the years 1894 to 1896 culminating in the tragic events of the armenian genocide in 1915 and 1916. with world war i in progress, the turks saw the (christian) armenians as liable to ally with imperial russia, and chose to deal with the entire armenian population as an enemy within their empire.	the ethnic cleansing during the final years of the ottoman empire is widely considered as being of genocidal nature, with one wave of persecution in the years 1894 to 1896 culminating in the events of the armenian genocide in 1915 and 1916. with world war i in progress, the turks saw the (christian) armenians as liable to ally with imperial russia, and chose to deal with the entire armenian population as an enemy within their empire.
in 2011, with the support of left ecology freedom, he became the left-wing candidate to the seat of mayor of milan (a traditional stronghold of the right wing and silvio berlusconi) and unexpectedly defeated incumbent mayor letizia moratti on may 30.	in 2011, with the support of left ecology freedom, he became the left-wing candidate to the seat of mayor of milan (a traditional stronghold of the right wing and silvio berlusconi) and defeated incumbent mayor letizia moratti on may 30.
the central criminal court, universally known as the old bailey (a bailey being a type of castle), is a crown court (criminal high court) based in london, dealing with severe cases in the u.k.. it stands on the site of the mediaeval newgate gaol.	the central criminal court, commonly known as the old bailey (a bailey being a type of castle), is a crown court (criminal high court) based in london, dealing with severe cases in the u.k.. it stands on the site of the mediaeval newgate gaol.
the xxy chromosome arrangement is one of the most common genetic abnormality , occurring in about 1 in 1,000 male births, but the symptoms that may result from having the extra chromosome are less common.	the xxy chromosome arrangement is one of the most common genetic variations , occurring in about 1 in 1,000 male births, but the symptoms that may result from having the extra chromosome are less common.
"it was originally known after the fall of the austro-hungarian empire from 1918 as under the unfortunate name republic of german austria , but the state was forced to change its name by the treaty of saint germain to ""republik sterreich"" ""republic of austria""."	"it was originally known after the fall of the austro-hungarian empire from 1918 as under the name republic of german austria , but the state was forced to change its name by the treaty of saint germain to ""republik sterreich"" ""republic of austria""."
the parthians were an illiterate nomadic people, speaking an indo-european language, who arrived at the iranian plateau from central asia.	the parthians were an illiterate nomadic people, thought to have spoken an indo-european language, who arrived at the iranian plateau from central asia.
, p. 162, , p. 44 he is also known for championing the regulation and taxation of cigarettes and other tobacco products based on their specific delivery of carcinogens and other hazardous substances, so as to promote risk reduction.	, p. 162, , p. 44 he is also known for advocating the regulation and taxation of cigarettes and other tobacco products based on their specific delivery of carcinogens and other hazardous substances, so as to promote risk reduction.
the person responsible for the creative invention of jelly belly jelly beans was david klein (born in 1946).	the person responsible for the invention of jelly belly jelly beans was david klein (born in 1946).
the hall features the world's smallest animatronic robot in the form of ghanshyam maharaj, the child form of bhagwan swaminarayan.	the hall features the world's smallest animatronic robot in the form of ghanshyam maharaj, the child form of swaminarayan.
us and canada remained close allies	us and canada remained allies
after forces loyal to the assad regime pulled out of afrin in 2012, kurdish ypg forces took control of the territory.	after forces loyal to the assad government pulled out of afrin in 2012, kurdish ypg forces took control of the territory.
redirect chairman of the african union	redirect chairperson of the african union
so it was not uncommon to find software distributed in brazil, that were nothing more than pirated copies of products for the zx81.	so it was not uncommon to find software distributed in brazil, that were nothing more than illegitimate copies of products for the zx81.
close to pune, near the malavali hills, is the vedanta academy, founded by one of the world's best exponents of vedanta, swami parthasarathy.	close to pune, near the malavali hills, is the vedanta academy, founded by one of the world's most noted exponents of vedanta, swami parthasarathy.
one masonic scholar alleges that the word first appeared in an early 18th century royal arch ritual, as the name of an allegorical explorer searching for the ruins of king solomon's temple; another masonic scholar believes it is a descriptive name for god in hebrew; and a few anti-masonic authors have alleged that it is a masonic name for god, and even the name of a unique masonic god.	one masonic scholar alleges that the word first appeared in an early 18th century royal arch ritual, as the name of an allegorical explorer searching for the ruins of king solomon's temple; another masonic scholar believes it is a descriptive name for god in hebrew; and a few other authors have alleged that it is a masonic name for god, and even the name of a unique masonic god.
kaitlyn alexander (born october 9, 1992) is a canadian actress , writer, web series creator and youtube personality, best known as lafontaine in the popular lgbt web series carmilla.	kaitlyn alexander (born october 9, 1992) is a canadian actor , writer, web series creator and youtube personality, best known as lafontaine in the popular lgbt web series carmilla.
"schiller wrote two important essays on the question of the sublime (das erhabene), entitled ""vom erhabenen"" and ""ber das erhabene""; these essays address one aspect of human freedomthe ability to defy one's animal instincts, such as the drive for self-preservation, when, for example, someone willingly sacrifices himself for conceptual ideals."	"schiller wrote two important essays on the question of the sublime (das erhabene), entitled ""vom erhabenen"" and ""ber das erhabene""; these essays address one aspect of human freedomthe ability to defy one's animal instincts, such as the drive for self-preservation, when, for example, someone willingly sacrifices themselves for conceptual ideals."
ram gopal varma (telugu: , hindi: ), born april 7, 1962, is an award-winning indian film director, writer and producer.	ram gopal varma (telugu: , hindi: ), born april 7, 1962, is an indian film director, writer and producer.
the israeli navy peacefully boards two ships containing pro-palestinean activists en route to the gaza strip.	the israeli navy boards two ships containing pro-palestinean activists en route to the gaza strip.
the concept is derived from many visions the author claimed to have received, scriptural references, and is delineated in the book the great controversy, first published in 1858, by ellen g. white, a co-founder of the seventh-day adventist church.	the concept is derived from many visions the author reported to have received, scriptural references, and is delineated in the book the great controversy, first published in 1858, by ellen g. white, a co-founder of the seventh-day adventist church.
most members support the conspiracy theory that the world trade center towers and the third skyscraper, wtc 7, were destroyed through explosive demolition.	most members support the theory that the world trade center towers and the third skyscraper, wtc 7, were destroyed through explosive demolition.
in april 1991, the bto moved to the nunnery, thetford, norfolk, a large property which had been generously donated to them.	in april 1991, the bto moved to the nunnery, thetford, norfolk, a large property which had been donated to them.
1999 - nfl legend john elway announces his retirement.	1999 - nfl quarterback john elway announces his retirement.
rosa also suggests columbus was a portuguese secret agent working covertly in spain and claims similarities exist between columbus' coat of arms and that of the polish king.	roisa also suggests columbus was a portuguese secret agent working covertly in spain and claims similarities exist between columbus' coat of arms and that of the polish king.
saudi arabia has been criticized for its implementation of islamic law and its horrific human rights record.	saudi arabia has been criticized for its implementation of islamic law and its human rights record.
controversially the united synagogue affirm on their website that:	the united synagogue affirm on their website that:
poor mallows an international single minded neologism project	poor mallows an international single -purpose neologism project
the favourable outcomes of that conflict and the conclusion of the great european war at the treaty of westphalia in 1648 helped establish post-war sweden as a new force in europe.	the outcomes of that conflict and the conclusion of the great european war at the treaty of westphalia in 1648 helped establish post-war sweden as a new force in europe.
harry's nascent mid-life crisis means he welcomes, tentatively, her attentions, eventually purchasing an expensive necklace for her (from jewelery salesman rufus, hilariously played by rowan atkinson) for christmas.	harry's nascent mid-life crisis means he welcomes, tentatively, her attentions, eventually purchasing an expensive necklace for her (from jewelery salesman rufus, played by rowan atkinson) for christmas.
he died of starvation during world war ii at the siege of leningrad, where his notes were destroyed mercilesslousely .	he died of starvation during world war ii at the siege of leningrad, where his notes were destroyed.
myanmar and the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia established relations on december 19, 1950, and the first ambassadors were appointed in 1952. serbia, which is the legal successor to yugoslavia, maintains close relations with myanmar today, and both nations have resident ambassadors in each other's capitals.	myanmar and the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia established relations on december 19, 1950, and the first ambassadors were appointed in 1952. serbia, which is the legal successor to yugoslavia, maintains relations with myanmar today, and both nations have resident ambassadors in each other's capitals.
the robbery of brsingamen: the evil giant loki once stole the necklace brsingamen as one of his pranks, and freyja had to enlist the help of heimdall.	the robbery of brsingamen: the giant loki once stole the necklace brsingamen as one of his pranks, and freyja had to enlist the help of heimdall.
on her passing in 1989, bessie griffin was interred in the forest lawn memorial park cemetery in glendale, california.	on her death in 1989, bessie griffin was interred in the forest lawn memorial park cemetery in glendale, california.
bipartisan report is a far-left , clickbait news outlet, known for creating heavily skewed headlines to appeal to the left.	bipartisan report is a pro- liberal , clickbait news outlet, known for creating heavily skewed headlines to appeal to the left.
the russian all-military union (in russian - , abbreviated , rovs) was founded by white army general pyotr wrangel in the kingdom of serbs, croats and slovenes on september 1 1924. this organization united all veterans of the russian white movement, soldiers and officers alike, who were living abroad and desired to stay united for the purpose of liberating russia from the bolshevik regime.	the russian all-military union (in russian - , abbreviated , rovs) was founded by white army general pyotr wrangel in the kingdom of serbs, croats and slovenes on september 1 1924. this organization united all veterans of the russian white movement, soldiers and officers alike, who were living abroad and desired to stay united for the purpose of purging russia from the bolshevik regime.
he heads a vast, sprawling illegal empire, acquiring money and political clout.	he is accused of heading a vast, sprawling illegal empire, acquiring money and political clout.
the film tells the story of ruhal ahmed, asif iqbal and shafiq rasul (the 'tipton three'); three young british men from tipton in the west midlands who were captured by the northern alliance in afghanistan in 2001 and imprisoned at guantnamo bay, without charge or legal representation, for nearly three years.	the film tells the story of ruhal ahmed, asif iqbal and shafiq rasul (the 'tipton three'); three young british men from tipton in the west midlands who were captured by the northern alliance in afghanistan in 2001 and detained as prisoners of war at guantnamo bay, without charge or legal representation, for nearly three years.
"in 2002, he drew rage from islamic groups for drawing a cartoon depicting mohammed driving a ryder van with missiles pointed out the back and the caption, ""what would mohammed drive?"""	"in 2002, he drew criticism from islamic groups for drawing a cartoon depicting mohammed driving a ryder van with missiles pointed out the back and the caption, ""what would mohammed drive?"""
unsubstantiated claims that there was a sudden and remarkable increase in the proportion of washers in the first population were believed to be exaggerations of a much slower, more mundane effect.	claims that there was a sudden and remarkable increase in the proportion of washers in the first population were believed to be exaggerations of a much slower, more mundane effect.
noynoying (pronounced noy-noy-ying or noy-noy-ying ) is a protest gimmick in the form of neologism which critics of philippine president benigno aquino iii have used to question his work ethic, alleging inaction on aquino's part on the issues of disaster response and of rising oil prices.	noynoying (pronounced noy-noy-ying or noy-noy-ying ) is a protest tactic in the form of neologism which critics of philippine president benigno aquino iii have used to question his work ethic, alleging inaction on aquino's part on the issues of disaster response and of rising oil prices.
despite the fact that kerry was a thrice-decorated hero in the vietnam war, polls showed that bush had convinced the people he and his administration would be better able to protect the nation from another terrorist attack.	despite the fact that kerry was a thrice-decorated navel officer in the vietnam war, polls showed that bush had convinced the people he and his administration would be better able to protect the nation from another terrorist attack.
commentary by harold bloom in his introduction to edith grossman's wonderful 2003 translation for harpercollins :	commentary by harold bloom in his introduction to edith grossman's 2003 translation for harpercollins :
natto -- fermented bean s	natto -- fermented soybean s
the film has experienced overwhelming commercial success.	the film has experienced commercial success.
its style is characterised by haunting female vocals; long, multi-sectioned songs; heavy riffs; jazzy sections and deeply emotive lyrics.	its style is characterised by haunting female vocals; long, multi-sectioned songs; heavy riffs; jazzy sections and emotive lyrics.
transhumanist foresight of a transformed future humanity has attracted many supporters and detractors from a wide range of perspectives.	transhumanist vision of a transformed future humanity has attracted many supporters and detractors from a wide range of perspectives.
she seems to have paid attention to the anti-catholic polemics of people like paul blanshard.	she seems to have paid attention to the secularist polemics of people like paul blanshard.
however, the idea of foreigners voting in national elections is unacceptable to many xenophobic parties in the eu, and politically contentious.	however, the idea of foreigners voting in national elections is unacceptable to many nationalist parties in the eu, and politically contentious.
for its entire history, boeing has jealously guarded its techniques for designing and mass producing commercial jetliner wings.	for its entire history, boeing has guarded its techniques for designing and mass producing commercial jetliner wings.
the witcher 3: wild hunt received critical acclaim even before its release.	the witcher 3: wild hunt received critical acclaim before its release.
"women's health organizations claim that in states that have notification or consent laws, there has been an increase in unsafe, illegal, ""back alley"" abortions."	"women's health organizations believe that in states that have notification or consent laws, there has been an increase in unsafe, illegal, ""back alley"" abortions."
she claimed their origins were less in workingmen's gardens in the nineteenth century and more in the leisured classes' discovery of simple hardy plants, in part through the writings of john claudius loudon.	she concluded their origins were less in workingmen's gardens in the nineteenth century and more in the leisured classes' discovery of simple hardy plants, in part through the writings of john claudius loudon.
s-p mixing with the 3a1 mo results in slight bonding character which lowers the orbital energy.	s-p mixing with the 3a1 mo results in some bonding character which lowers the orbital energy.
this was organised in response to the prophet muhammad cartoon controversy.	this was organised in response to the muhammad cartoon controversy.
the intensity and the destruction in supercharge were greater than anything witnessed so far during this horrific battle.	the intensity and the destruction in supercharge were greater than anything witnessed so far during this battle.
rs, brazil) is a brazilian supermodel .	rs, brazil) is a brazilian model .
in recent years, the rapid growth of low cost airlines has unfortunately even seen workers commuting to london from the north of england and scotland.	in recent years, the rapid growth of low cost airlines has even seen workers commuting to london from the north of england and scotland.
another popular phenomenon in the community are machinima videos such as the one starring a player named leeroy jenkins, showing him and his guild in a funny encounter.	another popular phenomenon in the community are machinima videos such as the one starring a player named leeroy jenkins, showing him and his guild in a comedic encounter.
sensational movies like jaws have provided sharks with an unjust bad reputation.	sensational movies like jaws have provided sharks with an unearned bad reputation.
it was demolished in 1977 by the soviet union, almost 59 years after the murders .	it was demolished in 1977 by the soviet union, almost 59 years after the execution .
in her personal life, kimiko has been married to drummer hiroshi murakami, as well as to richard rudolph, the former husband of the late minnie riperton and father of comedienne maya rudolph.	in her personal life, kimiko has been married to drummer hiroshi murakami, as well as to richard rudolph, the former husband of the late minnie riperton and father of comedian maya rudolph.
"the ""school-to-prison pipeline"" is a nationwide system of local, state, and federal education and public safety policies that pushes students out of school and into the criminal justice system."	"the ""school-to-prison pipeline"" is a nationwide system of local, state, and federal education and public safety policies , which, according to critics, pushes students out of school and into the criminal justice system."
in addition to being a beautiful socialite in both manhattan and los angeles, hilton has gained international reputation from her work in the entertainment and fashion industries.	in addition to being a socialite in both manhattan and los angeles, hilton has gained international reputation from her work in the entertainment and fashion industries.
impact of lightdark cycle	effect of lightdark cycle
in a fine example of the python team's fondness of the 'double spoof', this third series sketch targets both the genteel stage musical salad days and the work of the controversial american film director sam peckinpah and his exaggeration of extreme bloodshed and violence in his films.	in a example of the python team's fondness of the 'double spoof', this third series sketch targets both the genteel stage musical salad days and the work of the controversial american film director sam peckinpah and his exaggeration of extreme bloodshed and violence in his films.
the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america (camera) documents inaccuracies in news reporting regarding the middle east.	the committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america (camera) claims to document inaccuracies in news reporting regarding the middle east.
julia scarlett elizabeth louis-dreyfus (born january 13, 1961) is an american actress and comedienne best known for her roles as elaine benes on the nbc sitcom seinfeld in the 1990s, and as christine campbell on the current cbs sitcom the new adventures of old christine.	julia scarlett elizabeth louis-dreyfus (born january 13, 1961) is an american actor and comedienne best known for her roles as elaine benes on the nbc sitcom seinfeld in the 1990s, and as christine campbell on the current cbs sitcom the new adventures of old christine.
he began to pay particular attention to the labor involved in the necessary computations, and developed ingenious methods that were as practical as they were founded in rigor.	he began to pay particular attention to the labor involved in the necessary computations, and developed methods that were as practical as they were founded in rigor.
an overcrowded market is also put forward as a culprit , since the proliferation of d20 system supplements divides the budgets of retailers, distributors and hobbyists.	an overcrowded market is also put forward as a reason , since the proliferation of d20 system supplements divides the budgets of retailers, distributors and hobbyists.
a brilliant review of a trip to arcosanti	a review of a trip to arcosanti
from 2004 through to 2015, as the tide of public opinion continued to move forward towards support of same-sex marriage, various state court rulings, state legislation, direct popular votes (referendums and initiatives), and federal court rulings established same-sex marriage in 36 states.	from 2004 through to 2015, as the tide of public opinion continued to move towards support of same-sex marriage, various state court rulings, state legislation, direct popular votes (referendums and initiatives), and federal court rulings established same-sex marriage in 36 states.
baldwin remained in a coma for over 11 years, finally succumbing to his brain injuries in 1997.	baldwin remained in a coma for over 11 years, succumbing to his brain injuries in 1997.
jerusalem central bus station is the main bus station in jerusalem, palestine .	jerusalem central bus station is the main bus station in jerusalem, israel .
members of the congregation, catholic priests and consecrated religious brothers, are known as redemptorists whom are often associated with the esteemed image of our mother of perpetual help and globally minister in more than 77 countries around the world.	members of the congregation, catholic priests and consecrated religious brothers, are known as redemptorists whom are often associated with the image of our mother of perpetual help and globally minister in more than 77 countries around the world.
he is happily married to yulin, and has four children.	he is married to yulin, and has four children.
however, as of 2002, the israeli government and many neutral commentators were convinced that the fatah faction's al aqsa brigades had simply adopted the methods of the fundamentalist groups, and were under arafat's direct command.	however, as of 2002, the israeli government and many commentators were convinced that the fatah faction's al aqsa brigades had simply adopted the methods of the fundamentalist groups, and were under arafat's direct command.
the world now unanimously endorses the eastern origin of the great iranian prophet.	the world now unanimously endorses the eastern origin of the iranian prophet.
for his role in tackling the separatist movement allegedly abetted by pakistan in punjab, many aid groups and international human rights organizations like amnesty international and human rights watch hold him responsible for human rights violations conducted by the police in punjab.under his cruel orders, punjab police abducted, tortured and killed around 250,000 innocent sikh youth as a part of ethnic minority cleansing of sikhs and sikhism.as a result he was dubbed as 'super terrorist'.	for his role in tackling the separatist movement allegedly abetted by pakistan in punjab, many aid groups and international human rights organizations like amnesty international and human rights watch hold him responsible for human rights violations conducted by the police in punjab.under his cruel orders, punjab police abducted, tortured and killed around 250,000 sikh youth as a part of ethnic minority cleansing of sikhs and sikhism.as a result he was dubbed as 'super terrorist'.
boca raton is a wealthy city located in palm beach county, florida.	boca raton is a city located in palm beach county, florida.
wielvakia: a neutral country featured in ace combat zero: the belkan war	wielvakia: a country featured in ace combat zero: the belkan war
her right eyelid droops slightly lower than her left.	her right eyelid droops lower than her left.
today the farm's population is growing, as a new crop of young families seeking a saner lifestyle that combines environmental, political and spiritual awareness discover the potential and opportunity the community has to offer.	today the farm's population is growing, as a new crop of young families seeking a lifestyle that combines environmental, political and spiritual awareness discover the potential and opportunity the community has to offer.
"the film was universally panned; as of september 19, 2014, the film holds a 0% at review aggregator website rotten tomatoes, based on 9 reviews for an average rating of 1.8/10 on metacritic, the film has an 11/100 rating based on 6 critics, indicating ""overwhelming dislike""."	"the film was widely panned; as of september 19, 2014, the film holds a 0% at review aggregator website rotten tomatoes, based on 9 reviews for an average rating of 1.8/10 on metacritic, the film has an 11/100 rating based on 6 critics, indicating ""overwhelming dislike""."
the show portrays day to day problems which often worsen to some knotty hardships, to surmount which the character(s) carry out hilarious activities or put up with awkward circumstances.	the show portrays day to day problems which often worsen to some knotty hardships, to surmount which the character(s) carry out activities or put up with awkward circumstances.
diagram 1:this image shows the different types of fgm and how they differ to the normal female anatomy.	diagram 1:this image shows the different types of fgm and how they differ to the uncircumcised female anatomy.
new technology has, however, expanded the range of such operations.	new technology has, however, expanded the range of military and law enforcement operations.
"lennon wryly commented that the uproar seemed to have less to do with the explicit nudity, and more to do with the fact that the pair were rather unattractive (and the photo unflattering; lennon described it later as a picture of ""two slightly overweight ex-junkies"")."	"lennon commented that the uproar seemed to have less to do with the explicit nudity, and more to do with the fact that the pair were rather unattractive (and the photo unflattering; lennon described it later as a picture of ""two slightly overweight ex-junkies"")."
the 2001 war in afghanistan started in october 2001, in the wake of the september 11, 2001 attacks on the united states, marking the beginning of its war on terrorism campaign, seeking to oust the taliban and find al-qaeda mastermind osama bin laden.	the 2001 war in afghanistan started in october 2001, in the wake of the september 11, 2001 attacks on the united states, marking the beginning of its war on terrorism campaign, seeking to oust the taliban and find al-qaeda leader osama bin laden.
hkkinen however went on to win the championship and stewart came 4th in the constructors championship beating illustrious teams such as williams and benetton.	hkkinen however went on to win the championship and stewart came 4th in the constructors championship beating teams such as williams and benetton.
"william curtis colepaugh (march 25, 1918 - march 16, 2005) was an american traitor of world war ii who, following his 1943 discharge from the us naval reserve (""for the good of the service"", according to official reports), defected to nazi germany in 1944. when the merchant marine ship he was a crewman on stopped off in lisbon, colepaugh defected at the german consulate."	"william curtis colepaugh (march 25, 1918 - march 16, 2005) was an american of world war ii who, following his 1943 discharge from the us naval reserve (""for the good of the service"", according to official reports), defected to nazi germany in 1944. when the merchant marine ship he was a crewman on stopped off in lisbon, colepaugh defected at the german consulate."
after giant co-star elizabeth taylor's death, in an off the record statement in interview she gave in 1997, taylor revealed that dean was sexually abused by a minister after his mother's death, at age 11.	after giant co-star elizabeth taylor's death, in an off the record statement in interview she gave in 1997, taylor stated that dean was sexually abused by a minister after his mother's death, at age 11.
the haditha killings (also called the haditha massacre) refers to the incident where up to 24 iraqi noncombatant civilians were allegedly massacred by a group of united states marines on november 19 2005 in haditha, a city in the western iraqi province of al anbar.	the haditha killings (also called the haditha massacre) refers to the incident where up to 24 iraqi noncombatant civilians were allegedly neutralized by a group of united states marines on november 19 2005 in haditha, a city in the western iraqi province of al anbar.
rolles stepped into the international fight league for his first mma fight on the undercard of the ifl world team championships in 2007. he joined his cousin renzo gracie's famous new york pitbulls in the ifl.	rolles stepped into the international fight league for his first mma fight on the undercard of the ifl world team championships in 2007. he joined his cousin renzo gracie's new york pitbulls in the ifl.
impressed by their work on the tv series, director stanley kubrick poached several of the anderson effects team to work on his science fiction masterpiece 2001: a space odyssey.	impressed by their work on the tv series, director stanley kubrick poached several of the anderson effects team to work on his science fiction film 2001: a space odyssey.
"in 2008, jim mcauley, an ex-soldier and adult-instructor with lancashire acf who boasted on facebook that he had served with the sas and killed more than 100 people, was termed a ""walter mitty"" by genuine soldiers who exposed him as a fantasist, forcing his resignation from the lancashire army cadet force."	"in 2008, jim mcauley, an ex-soldier and adult-instructor with lancashire acf who boasted on facebook that he had served with the sas and killed more than 100 people, was termed a ""walter mitty"" by other soldiers who exposed him as a fantasist, forcing his resignation from the lancashire army cadet force."
in this classic episode, the boys are assigned to interview vietnam war veterans, and interview stan's uncle jimbo and his friend ned.	in this episode, the boys are assigned to interview vietnam war veterans, and interview stan's uncle jimbo and his friend ned.
it is considered the gateway to the shannonerne waterway, lough key, acres lake and lough allen via the picturesque villages of cootehall, knockvicar, jamestown, leitrim village, drumshanbo and keshcarrigan and is only a short distance away from the glens of north leitrim.	it is considered the gateway to the shannonerne waterway, lough key, acres lake and lough allen via the villages of cootehall, knockvicar, jamestown, leitrim village, drumshanbo and keshcarrigan and is only a short distance away from the glens of north leitrim.
in 2006, buchholz actually let loose towards the end of the season, when his fastball was sitting around 96 mph and occasionally hitting 97. however, over the course of the season his fastball typically sits around 92-95. his change-up is generally a straight change that sits around 78-82 mph.	in 2006, buchholz actually let loose towards the end of the season, when his fastball was sitting around 96 mph and occasionally hitting 97. however, over the course of the season his fastball typically sits around 92-95. his change-up is generally a straight change that sits around 78-82 .
east noble high school, crappy high school in kendallville, indiana	east noble high school, high school in kendallville, indiana
a female journalist is assaulted by the venezuelan national guard	a female journalist is arrested by the venezuelan national guard
collison is a product of west ham's famous youth academy and has quickly progressed from trainee to playing first team football in the premier league since joining at age sixteen.	collison is a product of west ham's youth academy and has quickly progressed from trainee to playing first team football in the premier league since joining at age sixteen.
praeneste was chiefly famed for its great temple of fortuna primigenia connected with the oracle known as the praenestine lots (sortes praenestinae).	praeneste was chiefly famed for its temple of fortuna primigenia connected with the oracle known as the praenestine lots (sortes praenestinae).
stay the course is a propaganda phrase used in the context of a war or battle meaning to pursue a goal regardless of any obstacles or criticism.	stay the course is a phrase used in the context of a war or battle meaning to pursue a goal regardless of any obstacles or criticism.
natalie ann cassidy (born 13 may 1983) is a two time british soap award winning english actress, best known for playing sonia fowler on eastenders from 1993 to 2007 in a regular capacity, brief appearances in 2010 and 2011 and as a regular character again from 2014. she also appeared in the bbc two sitcom psychoville and was a contestant on the seventh series of strictly come dancing and the ninth series of celebrity big brother.	natalie ann cassidy (born 13 may 1983) is a two time british soap award winning english actress, known for playing sonia fowler on eastenders from 1993 to 2007 in a regular capacity, brief appearances in 2010 and 2011 and as a regular character again from 2014. she also appeared in the bbc two sitcom psychoville and was a contestant on the seventh series of strictly come dancing and the ninth series of celebrity big brother.
divisional public school faisalabad (also known as divisional public school & college, faisalabad) is a prestigious selective school based in faisalabad, pakistan.	divisional public school faisalabad (also known as divisional public school & college, faisalabad) is a selective school based in faisalabad, pakistan.
"matthew ""mat"" collishaw (born 1966, nottingham, uk) is an artist based in london, and one of the so-called young british artists."	"matthew ""mat"" collishaw (born 1966, nottingham, uk) is an artist based in london, and one of the young british artists."
as a means of naming the controversy, the term evolution is inappropriately used in an overarching sense to represent the sum total of the scientific theories and observational implications that creationists see as being in conflict with their worldview.	as a means of naming the controversy, the term evolution is used in an overarching sense to represent the sum total of the scientific theories and observational implications that creationists see as being in conflict with their worldview.
the video is well remembered for its blatant peter pan theme	the video is well remembered for its peter pan theme
"indeed, the acts of the apostles refers to john as ""without learning"" or ""unlettered"" ."	"however , the acts of the apostles refers to john as ""without learning"" or ""unlettered"" ."
one promising approach to blocking effects is that of distributed morphology, which asserts that semantic and syntactic features create slots or cells in which items can appear.	one possible approach to blocking effects is that of distributed morphology, which asserts that semantic and syntactic features create slots or cells in which items can appear.
however, the group claims that banning is not a regular practice, as a negligible fraction of the forum members who vehemently oppose the protest warriors' stated goals post regularly on the forums.	however, the group claims that banning is not a regular practice, as a small fraction of the forum members who vehemently oppose the protest warriors' stated goals post regularly on the forums.
approval voting is a primitive form of range voting, where the range that voters are allowed to express is extremely constrained: accept or not.	approval voting is a simple form of range voting, where the range that voters are allowed to express is extremely constrained: accept or not.
"they are either the most basal member of the damsel-dragonfly grade (""anisozygopteres"") within the stem group of anisoptera, or rather the sister group of all recent odonates."	"they are either the most basal member of the damsel-dragonfly grade (""anisozygopteres"") within the stem group of anisoptera, or the sister group of all recent odonates."
james wright (occasionally thankfully )	james wright (occasionally)
the city of taylor along with the taylor economic development corporation (taylor edc) and the taylor chamber of commerce have been working diligently to attract new investment to improve the economic base and economic vitality of the community.	the city of taylor along with the taylor economic development corporation (taylor edc) and the taylor chamber of commerce have been working to attract new investment to improve the economic base and economic vitality of the community.
"chicana/o studies (also written chicano studies, chicana/chicano studies, or pretentiously as ""chican@"" studies) is an academic discipline that originated in the chicano movement of the late 1960s and 1970s."	"chicana/o studies (also written chicano studies, chicana/chicano studies, or as ""chican@"" studies) is an academic discipline that originated in the chicano movement of the late 1960s and 1970s."
she is a member of the popular south korean girl group, girls' generation, formed by s.m.	she is a member of the south korean girl group, girls' generation, formed by s.m.
they are perhaps best known for the incredible enthusiasm, knowledge and sometimes misbehavior of their large numbers of loyal fans, located primarily in central and eastern pennsylvania, southern new jersey, northern delaware, and cecil county located in the northeastern corner of maryland.	they are perhaps best known for the enthusiasm, knowledge and sometimes misbehavior of their large numbers of loyal fans, located primarily in central and eastern pennsylvania, southern new jersey, northern delaware, and cecil county located in the northeastern corner of maryland.
madonna began her career writing music for dance clubs and used remixes extensively to propel her career; one of her early boyfriends was noted dj john jellybean benitez, who created several memorable mixes of her work.	madonna began her career writing music for dance clubs and used remixes extensively to propel her career; one of her early boyfriends was noted dj john jellybean benitez, who created several mixes of her work.
52 times the veto was not used (including one nominee choosing not to save themself )	52 times the veto was not used (including one nominee choosing not to save himself )
whiteness studies is a controversial field of academia , popular mostly in the united states, which began appearing as early as 1983 (see the works of marilyn frye).	whiteness studies is a controversial field of study , popular mostly in the united states, which began appearing as early as 1983 (see the works of marilyn frye).
at the age of 6 months, after concern was raised about how they both urinated, the boys were misdiagnosed with phimosis.	at the age of 6 months, after concern was raised about how they both urinated, the boys were diagnosed with phimosis.
the mixture is popular in armenia, israel, jordan, lebanon, libya, morocco, syria, turkey and palestine as well as many countries in north africa.	the mixture is popular in armenia, israel, jordan, lebanon, libya, morocco, syria, turkey and the palestinian territories as well as many countries in north africa.
several hundred thousand people mourned his passing as they walked by his casket in the grand hall.	several hundred thousand people mourned his death as they walked by his casket in the grand hall.
the film was financially successful, bringing in $13,832,786 on its opening weekend for an average of $4,407 from 3,139 theaters, and ended up with a total of $80,865,848 domestically, but unfortunately the film did very poorly outside of the us where it only made $22,056,304 which made a total of 102,992,536 worldwide it had a budget of roughly $30 million.	the film was financially successful, bringing in $13,832,786 on its opening weekend for an average of $4,407 from 3,139 theaters, and ended up with a total of $80,865,848 domestically, but the film did very poorly outside of the us where it only made $22,056,304 which made a total of 102,992,536 worldwide it had a budget of roughly $30 million.
the studio first made use of the glorious three-strip process in 1942, when it released the entertaining arabian nights, the first of a series of technicolor spectaculars starring jon hall and maria montez.	the studio first made use of the three-strip process in 1942, when it released the entertaining arabian nights, the first of a series of technicolor spectaculars starring jon hall and maria montez.
"<div style=""background: #ccddcc; text-align: center; border: 1px solid #667766"" class=""navhead""> us-coined ""war on terrorism"" - navigate through history:"	"<div style=""background: #ccddcc; text-align: center; border: 1px solid #667766"" class=""navhead""> ""war on terrorism"" - navigate through history:"
clinton richard dawkins (born march 261941) is a british ethologist, evolutionary theorist, and popular science writer who holds the charles simonyi chair in the public understanding of science at oxford university.	clinton richard dawkins (born march 261941) is an eminent british ethologist, evolutionary theorist, and popular science writer who holds the charles simonyi chair in the public understanding of science at oxford university.
originally scheduled to launch in october 2013, the vehicle eventually lifted off on february 21, 2014.	originally scheduled to launch in october 2013, the vehicle lifted off on february 21, 2014.
while some adherents of the book believe that all of the i in the urantia book including its science is literally true, many others accept the book's caveats and do not believe that the science is fully accurate.	while some adherents of the book believe that all of the i in the urantia book including its science is literally true, others accept the book's caveats and do not believe that the science is fully accurate.
due primarily to the success of the film, jackie signed a development deal in march 2014 with nbcuniversal's wilshire studios for a reality tv show.	due to the success of the film, jackie signed a development deal in march 2014 with nbcuniversal's wilshire studios for a reality tv show.
is a short-lived television program which was aired by fox broadcasting company as part of its 1990-91 lineup.	is a television program which was aired by fox broadcasting company as part of its 1990-91 lineup.
he first capped for poland on august 11, 2009, in a game vs. croatia which took place in d, but unfortunately poland could not make it to the finals in the eurobasket 2009. a prolific scorer, he is currently playing with the spanish club caja laboral.	he first capped for poland on august 11, 2009, in a game vs. croatia which took place in d, but poland could not make it to the finals in the eurobasket 2009. a prolific scorer, he is currently playing with the spanish club caja laboral.
however, note that there are many arguments against vertical alignment:	however, note that there are arguments against vertical alignment:
"two developments in the late 1980s the struggle of am radio music formats against fm, and the repeal of the federal communications commission (fcc) ""fairness doctrine"" set the stage for the growth of more extremist political talk programming."	"two developments in the late 1980s the struggle of am radio music formats against fm, and the repeal of the federal communications commission (fcc) ""fairness doctrine"" set the stage for the growth of more political talk programming."
in early september 2014, gehry submitted yet another revised design to the eisenhower memorial commission.	in early september 2014, gehry submitted another revised design to the eisenhower memorial commission.
crapper's name is sometimes incorrectly associated with the words crap and crapper.	crapper's name is sometimes associated with the words crap and crapper.
leading jewish historians' estimates of the number of jews who died during the holocaust range from 5.1 to 6.2 million.	leading historians' estimates of the number of jews who died during the holocaust range from 5.1 to 6.2 million.
to visit the amazing secret exchanges between henry and eleanor through the medium of the tapestry designs from the famous dame la licorne series, see:	to visit the secret exchanges between henry and eleanor through the medium of the tapestry designs from the famous dame la licorne series, see:
in a humorous scene where dog, in the heat of the battle, knocks over a huge statue of a horse that was player's goal during the last part of the chapter.	in a scene where dog, in the heat of the battle, knocks over a huge statue of a horse that was player's goal during the last part of the chapter.
the lord of the rings: the return of the king is a 2003 epic fantasy-drama film directed by peter jackson that is based on the second and third volumes of j. r. r. tolkien's the lord of the rings.	the lord of the rings: the return of the king is a 2003 fantasy-drama film directed by peter jackson that is based on the second and third volumes of j. r. r. tolkien's the lord of the rings.
"the final track on inkubus sukkubus' 2016 album ""barrow wake"" is a powerful musical telling of the tale."	"the final track on inkubus sukkubus' 2016 album ""barrow wake"" is a musical telling of the tale."
an important exploration of this theory lies in the great novel, crime and punishment, by fyodor dostoevsky.	an important exploration of this theory lies in the novel, crime and punishment, by fyodor dostoevsky.
to help ensure neutrality, members of the board can come from relatively apolitical sources such as retired state judges or longstanding members of the beaurocracy , possibly requiring adequate representation from competing political parties.	to help ensure neutrality, members of the board can come from relatively apolitical sources such as retired state judges or longstanding members of the bureaucracy , possibly requiring adequate representation from competing political parties.
these cases were ostensibly errors, and are outside the alleged parameters of the program.	these cases were cited as errors, and are outside the alleged parameters of the program.
"lucille ball is an outdoor sculpture of the american actress and comedienne of the same name, originally installed in celoron, new york in 2009. the statue was deemed ""scary"" by residents, earning it nickname ""scary lucy""."	"lucille ball is an outdoor sculpture of the american actress and comedian of the same name, originally installed in celoron, new york in 2009. the statue was deemed ""scary"" by residents, earning it nickname ""scary lucy""."
despina nikolaidis (born despina malea (professionally-known as despina vandi); 22 july 1969, tipigen, dsseldorf, germany) is a famous greek female singer having sold almost one million records in greece alone.	despina nikolaidis (born despina malea (professionally-known as despina vandi); 22 july 1969, tipigen, dsseldorf, germany) is a greek female singer having sold almost one million records in greece alone.
conspiracy theory of russian government involvement	theory of russian government involvement
the island was the site of an english puritan colony established in 1629 by the providence island company, and was briefly taken by spain in 1641. the infamous pirate henry morgan used providencia as a base for raiding the spanish empire, and rumours suggest that much of his treasure remains hidden on the island.	the island was the site of an english puritan colony established in 1629 by the providence island company, and was briefly taken by spain in 1641. the pirate henry morgan used providencia as a base for raiding the spanish empire, and rumours suggest that much of his treasure remains hidden on the island.
manned space vehicles must be slowed to subsonic speeds before parachutes or air brakes may be deployed.	crewed space vehicles must be slowed to subsonic speeds before parachutes or air brakes may be deployed.
today he is out of acting and owns a successful health-food business.	today he is out of acting and owns a health-food business.
on xbox 360 and psp it only managed a 61% average, and on nintendo ds a lowly 52%.	on xbox 360 and psp it only managed a 61% average, and on nintendo ds a 52%.
perverted-justice volunteers build profiles of clearly underage individuals on social networking websites, and enter chatrooms as decoys.	perverted-justice volunteers build profiles of underage individuals on social networking websites, and enter chatrooms as decoys.
for families cursed with too many sons and the ones with no boys at all, adoption was the only solution.	for families with too many sons and the ones with no boys at all, adoption was the only solution.
little house on the prairie is the best american western drama television series, starring michael landon, melissa gilbert, and karen grassle, about a family living on a farm in walnut grove, minnesota, in the 1870s and 1880s.	little house on the prairie is the american western drama television series, starring michael landon, melissa gilbert, and karen grassle, about a family living on a farm in walnut grove, minnesota, in the 1870s and 1880s.
dan brown's exciting novel the da vinci code used the premise for its plot line.	dan brown's novel the da vinci code used the premise for its plot line.
throughout his career, he has received several awards and honors, including an emmy award, several mtv movie awards, and a teen choice award.	throughout his career, he has received several awards and honors, including an emmy award, multiple mtv movie awards, and a teen choice award.
in economics , a state of perfect information is required for a completely free market to function.	in some interpretations of free-market economic theory , a state of perfect information is required for a completely free market to function.
judaic and christian symbolism	judaic and christian mythology
the mini-series also touches on the corrupt bargains joseph p. kennedy sr. made with mafia figures in order to get his son elected to the u.s. presidency.	the mini-series also touches on the alleged bargains joseph p. kennedy sr. made with mafia figures in order to get his son elected to the u.s. presidency.
the story of dahmer's arrest and the gruesome inventory in his apartment, which was apartment number 213, quickly gained notoriety: several corpses were stored in acid-filled vats, severed heads were found in his refrigerator, and implements for the construction of an altar of candles and human skulls were found in his closet.	the story of dahmer's arrest and the inventory in his apartment, which was apartment number 213, quickly gained notoriety: several corpses were stored in acid-filled vats, severed heads were found in his refrigerator, and implements for the construction of an altar of candles and human skulls were found in his closet.
brion's five-year relationship with comedienne mary lynn rajskub had abruptly ended during the shooting of the paul thomas anderson film punch-drunk love (2002), which brion was scoring.	brion's five-year relationship with comedian mary lynn rajskub had abruptly ended during the shooting of the paul thomas anderson film punch-drunk love (2002), which brion was scoring.
"ebaum's world (subtitled ""media for the masses"") is a popular website based in rochester, new york featuring entertainment media such as videos, flash cartoons and web games."	"ebaum's world (subtitled ""media for the masses"") is a website based in rochester, new york featuring entertainment media such as videos, flash cartoons and web games."
therefore, during the 1930s, the main threat was perceived to be bulgaria and her aspirations to wrongfully reclaim western thrace.	therefore, during the 1930s, the main threat was perceived to be bulgaria and her aspirations to reclaim western thrace.
in 1482 richard recaptured berwick-upon-tweed from the scots , the last time that the royal burgh would change hands between the two kingdoms.	in 1482 richard recaptured berwick-upon-tweed from the kingdom of scotland, the last time that the royal burgh would change hands between the two kingdoms.
malcolm farr (born 2 august 1951 ) is a left-leaning political journalist in the canberra press gallery covering the parliament of australia in canberra, australia.	malcolm farr (born 2 august 1951 ) is a political journalist in the canberra press gallery covering the parliament of australia in canberra, australia.
since his debut in mad, neuman's likeness has graced the cover of all but a handful of the magazine's 500 issues, distinguished by jug ears, a missing front tooth, and one eye lower than the other.	since his debut in mad, neuman's likeness has appeared on the cover of all but a handful of the magazine's 500 issues, distinguished by jug ears, a missing front tooth, and one eye lower than the other.
following the fatal shooting of michael brown on august 9, 2014, peaceful protests and civil disorder broke out the next day in ferguson, missouri, united states, and lasted for over a week.	following the fatal shooting of michael brown on august 9, 2014, protests and civil disorder broke out the next day in ferguson, missouri, united states, and lasted for over a week.
also, the stellar art program sends student artwork to several local and regional competitions every year.	also, the art program sends student artwork to several local and regional competitions every year.
the royal college of music is a leading conservatoire founded by royal charter in 1882, located in south kensington, london, england.	the royal college of music is a conservatoire founded by royal charter in 1882, located in south kensington, london, england.
zoroastrianism is a religion and philosophy based on the teachings of prophet zoroaster (or zarathustra - persian).	zoroastrianism is a religion and philosophy based on the teachings of zoroaster (or zarathustra - persian).
bryan beller is a virtuoso bass guitarist, much known for his work with guitarist steve vai.	bryan beller is a bass guitarist, much known for his work with guitarist steve vai.
despite olive garden's heavy advertising that it has a cooking institute in tuscany, news outlets have reported that, in fact, there is no institute or school.	despite olive garden's advertising that it has a cooking institute in tuscany, news outlets have reported that, in fact, there is no institute or school.
davis has been known to disagree with the consensus of other conservative radio talk show hosts; for example, in the case of terri schiavo, davis scolded politicians whom he said postured and grandstanded in what was ultimately a family matter thoroughly examined by state courts.	davis has been known to disagree with the consensus of other conservative radio talk show hosts; for example, in the case of terri schiavo, davis scolded politicians whom he said postured and grandstanded in what he described as ultimately a family matter thoroughly examined by state courts.
some women believe that reliance on analgesic medication is unnatural, or worry that it may harm the child.	some women believe that reliance on analgesic medication is unnatural, or believe that it may harm the child.
"maureen ""mo"" butcher is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by edna dor."	"maureen ""mo"" butcher is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by edna dor."
an immensely popular singer, cremonini's career was tragically cut short upon his sudden death in 1903 at the age of 36.	an immensely popular singer, cremonini's career was cut short upon his sudden death in 1903 at the age of 36.
"timothy (greek: ; timtheos, meaning ""honouring god"" ) was a first-century jewish christian bishop who died about ad 80. the new testament indicates that timothy traveled with saint paul, who was also his mentor."	"timothy (greek: ; timtheos, meaning ""honouring god"" ) was a first-century christian bishop who died about ad 80. the new testament indicates that timothy traveled with saint paul, who was also his mentor."
oneness historians, however, such as dr. curtis ward, william chalfant, and delroy gayle have gathered substantial evidence revealing there were oneness believers long before the azusa street revival.	oneness historians, however, such as dr. curtis ward, william chalfant, and delroy gayle have gathered substantial evidence that they believe reveals there were oneness believers long before the azusa street revival.
this foreshadows the timpani-catalysed drama of the agnus dei in beethoven's mighty missa solemnis.	this foreshadows the timpani-catalysed drama of the agnus dei in beethoven's missa solemnis.
in western nations, a secular anti-cult movement and a christian countercult movement emerged during the 1970s and 1980s to combat emergent groups.	in western nations, a secular anti-cult movement and a christian countercult movement emerged during the 1970s and 1980s to oppose emergent groups.
this article is about one-party states governed by communist parties.	this article is about states governed by communist parties.
he is best known for portraying danny pickett on the abc series lost and jack welker on the amc series breaking bad.	he is known for portraying danny pickett on the abc series lost and jack welker on the amc series breaking bad.
1966 - former congolese prime minister evariste kimba and several other politicians are publicly executed in kinshasa on the orders of dictator joseph mobutu.	1966 - former congolese prime minister evariste kimba and several other politicians are publicly executed in kinshasa on the orders of president joseph mobutu.
several scientists were excited by jansky's discovery, but radio astronomy remained a dormant field for several years, due in part to jansky's lack of formal training as an astronomer.	several scientists were interested by jansky's discovery, but radio astronomy remained a dormant field for several years, due in part to jansky's lack of formal training as an astronomer.
the trmmelbach alone drains the mighty glacier defiles of eiger (3967 m), mnch (4099 m) and jungfrau (4158 m) and carries 20,200 tons of boulder detritus per year.	the trmmelbach alone drains the glacier defiles of eiger (3967 m), mnch (4099 m) and jungfrau (4158 m) and carries 20,200 tons of boulder detritus per year.
!, the white shadow and the jeffersons, as well as serving as host of the popular saturday morning children's anthology series abc weekend specials throughout the early 1980s.	!, the white shadow and the jeffersons, as well as serving as host of the saturday morning children's anthology series abc weekend specials throughout the early 1980s.
the iron gates national park offers breathtaking views, excellent hunting grounds, and many trails for hiking (most trails are not well marked or maintained, so hiking is recommended only for the experienced).	the iron gates national park offers scenic views, excellent hunting grounds, and many trails for hiking (most trails are not well marked or maintained, so hiking is recommended only for the experienced).
they do not observe celebrations such as christmas, easter or birthdays because of their perceived pagan origins.	they do not observe celebrations such as christmas, easter or birthdays because of their pagan origins.
the opening chapter of ron dawson's novel, the last viking, vividly describes one of the 'strip tease shows' which unfortunately dominated the hipp's offerings during the mid to late 1950s.	the opening chapter of ron dawson's novel, the last viking, vividly describes one of the 'strip tease shows' which dominated the hipp's offerings during the mid to late 1950s.
born 1964 or 1965) is an islamic terrorist held in u.s. military custody in guantnamo bay for acts of terrorism including the mass murder of civilians.	born 1964 or 1965) is an international terrorist held in u.s. military custody in guantnamo bay for acts of terrorism including the mass murder of civilians.
richard george adams (born 9 may 1920) is an english novelist who is best known as the author of watership down.	richard george adams (born 9 may 1920) is an english novelist who is known as the author of watership down.
a series of political, economic, and military missteps led the kuomintang to defeat and retreat to taiwan in 1949, establishing an authoritarian one-party state that declared itself to be the sole legitimate ruler of all of china.	a series of political, economic, and military missteps led the kuomintang to defeat and retreat to taiwan in 1949, establishing an authoritarian one-party state that considered itself to be the sole legitimate ruler of all of china.
in addition to mr. freedom, abbey is best- known for his supporting role in jacques tati's play time.	in addition to mr. freedom, abbey is known for his supporting role in jacques tati's play time.
the saipan tribune is a daily newspaper published seven days a week in the northern mariana islands.	the saipan tribune is a newspaper published seven days a week in the northern mariana islands.
was a great russian mathematician, known primarily for his pioneering works on hyperbolic geometry, otherwise known as lobachevskian geometry.	was a russian mathematician, known primarily for his pioneering works on hyperbolic geometry, otherwise known as lobachevskian geometry.
as such, it shares similar material properties.	as such, it shares identical material properties.
"in an essay for the hollywood reporter, martin scorsese raved , ""it was so tactile, so beautifully staged and acted the subjective camera and the pov reverse angles, always in motion the sound design, which comes at the viewer from around corners and leads you deeper and deeper into the nightmare the unfolding of the story, which very gradually becomes more and more upsetting as the film goes forward."	"in an essay for the hollywood reporter, martin scorsese said , ""it was so tactile, so beautifully staged and acted the subjective camera and the pov reverse angles, always in motion the sound design, which comes at the viewer from around corners and leads you deeper and deeper into the nightmare the unfolding of the story, which very gradually becomes more and more upsetting as the film goes forward."
martin stadium opened in 1972 on september 30, with a disappointing 19-point loss to utah, then a member of the wac, with 20,600 in attendance.	martin stadium opened in 1972 on september 30, with a 19-point loss to utah, then a member of the wac, with 20,600 in attendance.
childbirth became very brutal with the mother generally subdued with leather straps and ether.	childbirth became very clinical with the mother generally subdued with leather straps and ether.
carl ray (19431978) was a first nations artist who was active on the canadian art scene from 1969 until his passing in 1978. considered primarily a woodlands style artist, he also painted european style wildlife and landscapes.	carl ray (19431978) was a first nations artist who was active on the canadian art scene from 1969 until his death in 1978. considered primarily a woodlands style artist, he also painted european style wildlife and landscapes.
in february 2011, ogyen trinley dorje was accused of being a chinese spy by elements of the government of the indian state of himachal pradesh, due in part to the fact that $1 million cash was found in his monastery, part of it in chinese yuan.	in february 2011, ogyen trinley dorje was accused of being a chinese spy by officials of the government of the indian state of himachal pradesh, due in part to the fact that $1 million cash was found in his monastery, part of it in chinese yuan.
she was the effective head of the wagner family from 1930 to 1945, and a close friend of german dictator adolf hitler.	she was the effective head of the wagner family from 1930 to 1945, and a close friend of german chancellor adolf hitler.
the most critical study of churchill is the revisionist work of john charmley.	the most critical study of churchill is the work of john charmley.
unfortunately , the deportation order did not specify how long sagawa must remain in the institution.	however , the deportation order did not specify how long sagawa must remain in the institution.
magnetic separation has been largely abandoned in favour of more effective methods; however international inspectors found that iraq had secretly constructed dozens of calutrons, apparently for development of a nuclear bomb.	magnetic separation has been largely abandoned in favour of more effective methods; however international inspectors found that iraq had secretly constructed dozens of calutrons, purportedly for development of a nuclear bomb.
among romanian television stations, manele performers and music are particularly seen on protv, primatv and antena 1. the climax was attained on new year's eve of 2006 when almost all romanian television stations, with the bad exception of national television, featured programs that included manele singers of both sexes.	among romanian television stations, manele performers and music are particularly seen on protv, primatv and antena 1. the climax was attained on new year's eve of 2006 when almost all romanian television stations, with the exception of national television, featured programs that included manele singers of both sexes.
sadly most of the variety segments no longer exist.	most of the variety segments no longer exist.
(see temple mount) disagreeing with his colleagues, goren continually maintained that jews were not only permitted, but commanded, to ascend and pray on the mount, a position also held by radicals within the religious zionist movement.	(see temple mount) disagreeing with his colleagues, goren continually maintained that jews were not only permitted, but commanded, to ascend and pray on the mount, a position also held by a minority within the religious zionist movement.
ideology = green, eco-capitalist |	ideology = green, pragmatic ecological |
"the series also won a peabody award for its 1993 investigation titled ""scarred for life"" on female circumcision ."	"the series also won a peabody award for its 1993 investigation titled ""scarred for life"" on female genital cutting ."
a previous, dramatically different, edition was published in 1987 by chaosium.	a previous, different, edition was published in 1987 by chaosium.
cattivik is a successful italian humoristic comic book character created by bonvi (franco bonvicini).	cattivik is a italian humoristic comic book character created by bonvi (franco bonvicini).
affirmative action is a policy or a program that seeks to redress past discrimination through active measures to ensure equal opportunity, as in education and employment.	affirmative action is a policy or a program that actively ensures preferential treatment to certain designated groups allegedly seeking to redress past discrimination through active measures to ensure equal opportunity, as in education and employment.
when uncapping succeeds, the resulting speed is supposed to be awe-inspiring , but users who are caught end up banned permanently by broadband isps.	when uncapping succeeds, the resulting speed is supposed to be extremely fast , but users who are caught end up banned permanently by broadband isps.
enos's body was most likely unceremoniously discarded when examinations completed.	enos's body was most likely discarded when examinations completed .
"media matters for america, a web-based organization that reports and criticizes what it describes as "" conservative misinformation in the u.s. media"""	"media matters for america, a web-based organization that reports and criticizes what it describes as ""misinformation in the u.s. media"""
the old city (in the south-east area of palma behind the cathedral) is a fascinating maze of streets clearly hinting towards an arab past.	the old city (in the south-east area of palma behind the cathedral) is a maze of streets clearly hinting towards an arab past.
maltese il- is coincidentally identical in pronunciation to the one of the italian masculine articles, il, which is also l before (though not after) a vowel.	maltese il- is identical in pronunciation to the one of the italian masculine articles, il, which is also l before (though not after) a vowel.
critics believe that some or all of these exclusionary policies are wrong and amount to discrimination.	critics believe that some or all of these policies are wrong and amount to discrimination.
equally famous are the recordings with the great solo voices of george dalaras (1989), jos carreras (1990), and mercedes sosa (1999).	equally famous are the recordings with the solo voices of george dalaras (1989), jos carreras (1990), and mercedes sosa (1999).
as of june 2012, the film had grossed over $156 million on a modest budget of $65 million.	as of june 2012, the film had grossed over $156 million on a budget of $65 million.
russian knights salute in memory of igor tkachenko, leader of the group, who tragically died during practice a week earlier.	russian knights salute in memory of igor tkachenko, leader of the group, who died during practice a week earlier.
founded on august 2, 2004, as major league soccer's then-eleventh team, los angeles-based club deportivo chivas usa has achieved remarkable success in just three seasons in mls.	founded on august 2, 2004, as major league soccer's then-eleventh team, los angeles-based club deportivo chivas usa has achieved some success in just three seasons in mls.
these artists were on the roster at the time of their passing :	these artists were on the roster at the time of their death :
in 1980, oral roberts claimed he had a vision of a 900-foot-tall jesus, who encouraged him to continue the construction of his city of faith medical and research center, which opened in 1981. it included three skyscrapers, the tallest being cityplex tower which stands at 198 meters (648 feet) and 60 floors, the second tallest building in oklahoma.	in 1980, oral roberts said he had a vision of a 900-foot-tall jesus, who encouraged him to continue the construction of his city of faith medical and research center, which opened in 1981. it included three skyscrapers, the tallest being cityplex tower which stands at 198 meters (648 feet) and 60 floors, the second tallest building in oklahoma.
benfica supposedly represents the working class while sporting represents the upper class.	benfica represents the working class while sporting represents the upper class.
she assists the archdeacon of sarum and bishop of ramsbury in the diocese of salisbury.	the dean assists the archdeacon of sarum and bishop of ramsbury in the diocese of salisbury.
image:fk82right.jpgport stanley, falkland islands, 1982- arrows, painted on road by argentine forces, commanding islanders to drive on the right	image:fk82right.jpgport stanley, falkland islands, 1982- arrows, painted on road by argentine forces, directing islanders to drive on the right
christian theologians generally see paul and john as refuting both contemporary gnostic and hellenistic philosophies, although they may have used terminology from both systems to do so.	christian theologians generally see paul and john as rebuting both contemporary gnostic and hellenistic philosophies, although they may have used terminology from both systems to do so.
his earlier works focus on nationalism and ideologies in east europe, especially ukraine and russia during 1950s and 1960s.	his earlier works focus on nationalism and ideologies in europe, especially ukraine and russia during 1950s and 1960s.
"2. when an entity, usually a man , has lost all of its money, it is ""broke""."	"2. when an entity, usually a person , has lost all of its money, it is ""broke""."
many immigrants have stayed and given the city a vibrant french-african quarter with a large market.	many immigrants have stayed and given the city a french-african quarter with a large market.
4 march 1914, east ham, london borough of newham, united kingdom, d. 19 june 2005, farnborough, london) was a brilliant civil engineer whose design for the 'whale' floating roadway was crucial to the success of the mulberry harbour that was used in the normandy landings.	4 march 1914, east ham, london borough of newham, united kingdom, d. 19 june 2005, farnborough, london) was a civil engineer whose design for the 'whale' floating roadway was crucial to the success of the mulberry harbour that was used in the normandy landings.
the audition (or theaudition) are a pop punk /emo band from chicago, illinois.	the audition (or theaudition) are a pop punk band from chicago, illinois.
a woman wearing a sexist burqa in afghanistan.	a woman wearing a burqa in afghanistan.
he produced timeless views of the parks of versailles, saint-cloud and sceaux.	he produced views of the parks of versailles, saint-cloud and sceaux.
"the forty-second trailer features donna noble, portrayed by comedienne catherine tate, sitting over a camp fire, talking about ""creatures of metal, fire, and blood"" threatening the universe as shots of the daleks, sontarans, and the ood come into view."	"the forty-second trailer features donna noble, portrayed by comedian catherine tate, sitting over a camp fire, talking about ""creatures of metal, fire, and blood"" threatening the universe as shots of the daleks, sontarans, and the ood come into view."
paolo veronese's painting of the wedding at cana (1563) depicts the marriage at cana, the nuptial banquet described in the gospel of john, a miracle story from the christian new testament; the narrative relates that mary, jesus of nazareth, and some of his apostles had been invited to a wedding in the city of cana, in galilee.	paolo veronese's painting of the wedding at cana (1563) depicts the marriage at cana, the nuptial banquet described in the gospel of john, a miracle from the christian new testament; the narrative relates that mary, jesus of nazareth, and some of his apostles had been invited to a wedding in the city of cana, in galilee.
it is quite often found the people arrange such sexual escapades through the internet, on web sites such as craigslist.	it is quite often found the people arrange such sexual activities through the internet, on web sites such as craigslist.
after sabir was released, sir colin campbell, then vice-chancellor of the university, controversially stated:	after sabir was released, sir colin campbell, then vice-chancellor of the university, stated:
israel's first and most critical move was a pre-emptive surprise attack on the egyptian air force.	israel's first and most critical move was a surprise attack on the egyptian air force.
it requires less than us$50 in materials to make, and is made of concrete poured into two simple fibreglass molds, some primitive metal parts, one wrench and any piece of rock or wood that might serve as a hammer.	it requires less than us$50 in materials to make, and is made of concrete poured into two simple fibreglass molds, some simple metal parts, one wrench and any piece of rock or wood that might serve as a hammer.
capital punishment, or the death penalty, is the execution of a person by judicial process as a punishment for an offense.	capital punishment, or the death penalty, is the killing of a person by judicial process as a punishment for an offense.
asif malik is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ashvin luximon from 1999 to 2003.	asif malik is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ashvin luximon from 1999 to 2003.
with a population of 704,900 (as of december 31 2004 ), it is a richly heterogeneous city, representing a wide range of national, religious, and socioeconomic groups.	with a population of 704,900 (as of december 31 2004 ), it is a heterogeneous city, representing a wide range of national, religious, and socioeconomic groups.
with mars' surface containing superoxides and lacking an ozone layer to protect from ultraviolet radiation from the sun, scientists would have to thoroughly understand as much of mars' dynamics as possible before any action can be taken toward the goal of putting men on mars.	with mars' surface containing superoxides and lacking an ozone layer to protect from ultraviolet radiation from the sun, scientists would have to thoroughly understand as much of mars' dynamics as possible before any action can be taken toward the goal of putting humans on mars.
despite microsoft's involvement, msx-based machines were seldom seen in the united states but were hugely popular in other markets .	despite microsoft's involvement, msx-based machines were seldom seen in the united states but were more popular in other markets.
former labour prime minister tony blair writing in the observer, stated that the riots were not caused by a broken society, but due to a group of young, alienated, disaffected youth who are outside the social mainstream and who live in a culture at odds with any canons of proper behaviour, he claimed that this is found in virtually every developed nation.	former labour prime minister tony blair writing in the observer, stated that the riots were not caused by a broken society, but due to a group of young, alienated, disaffected youth who are outside the social mainstream and who live in a culture at odds with any canons of proper behaviour, he said that this is found in virtually every developed nation.
until 1989 the church lived under the strict control of the totalitarian regime and in 1993 the synod adopted a new constitution.	until 1989 the church lived under the strict control of the regime and in 1993 the synod adopted a new constitution.
the second volume of hitler's programmatic mein kampf (which first appeared in 1926) called for lebensraum (living space for the german nation) in the east (mentioning russia specifically), and propagandized the communists as jews destroying a great nation (see also jewish bolshevism).	the second volume of hitler's programmatic mein kampf (which first appeared in 1926) called for lebensraum (living space for the german nation) in the east (mentioning russia specifically), and out of his parochial prejudice , he presented the communists as jews destroying a great nation (see also jewish bolshevism).
this article describes the complex subdivisions of portugal.	this article describes the subdivisions of portugal.
the choir, which is one of the few remaining voluntary synagogue choirs left in london, has celebrated its fourtieth anniversary and since 2005 has been directed by david druce who is also the choirmaster of the celebrated london cantorial singers.	the choir, which is one of the few remaining voluntary synagogue choirs left in london, has celebrated its fourtieth anniversary and since 2005 has been directed by david druce who is also the choirmaster of the london cantorial singers.
deborah glick is the left-wing democratic new york state assembly member for the 66th assembly district (lower manhattan).	deborah glick is the democratic new york state assembly member for the 66th assembly district (lower manhattan).
azerbaijani sources claim the site relates to killings in 1918.	azerbaijani sources say the site relates to killings in 1918.
the infamous incendiary bomb napalm relies, among others, on this principle to spontaneously ignite.	the incendiary bomb napalm relies, among others, on this principle to spontaneously ignite.
spectacular sinkhole lakes and the world's biggest meteorite	sinkhole lakes and the world's biggest meteorite
on further questioning, bello and bradley both independently identified carter as one of the two black males that they had seen carrying weapons outside the bar the night of the murders; bello also identified artis as the other.	on further questioning, bello and bradley both independently identified carter as one of the two black males they said they had seen carrying weapons outside the bar the night of the murders; bello also identified artis as the other.
he participated in a violent attack on israel in 1979 and has been held since in israeli jails under a four-times-life sentence since his admitted conviction in 1979 on charges of murder and terrorism, for the killing of four israelis, a twenty eight year-old man and his four year-old daughter and two israeli policemen.	he participated in a terrorist attack on israel in 1979 and has been held since in israeli jails under a four-times-life sentence since his admitted conviction in 1979 on charges of murder and terrorism, for the killing of four israelis, a twenty eight year-old man and his four year-old daughter and two israeli policemen.
the incident was japan's worst since 1963's yokohama rail crash where two passenger trains collided with a derailed freight train, killing 162 people.	the incident was japan's most pernicious since 1963's yokohama rail crash where two passenger trains collided with a derailed freight train, killing 162 people.
yisrayl hawkins of abilene, tx — a biased evangelical christian critique of hawkins and his group	yisrayl hawkins of abilene, tx — a evangelical christian critique of hawkins and his group
"it should be noted that this game is solved in that perfect play will result in a ""hounds"" victory."	"it may be noted that this game is solved in that perfect play will result in a ""hounds"" victory."
the soviet war in afghanistan, also known as the soviet-afghan war, was a nine-year conflict involving soviet forces supporting the marxist people's democratic party of afghanistan (pdpa) government against the mujahideen insurgents .	the soviet war in afghanistan, also known as the soviet-afghan war, was a nine-year conflict involving soviet forces supporting the marxist people's democratic party of afghanistan (pdpa) government against the mujahideen resistance .
"it is revealed in ""the cryonic woman"" that zoidberg's fantasy is to become a grandmother, and in ""bender's game"" it is revealed that he always wanted to be a ""song-and-dance man"" but his guardian pushed him to become a doctor."	"it is revealed in ""the cryonic woman"" that zoidberg's fantasy is to become a grandmother, and in ""bender's game"" it is revealed that he always wanted to be a ""song-and-dance man"" but his parents pushed him to become a doctor."
the founder of the movement was joseph smith, jr., who was raised in the burned-over district of upstate new york, and claimed to see angels and visions, eventually leading him to engineer a fundamentally unique kind of christianity.	the founder of the movement was joseph smith, jr., who was raised in the burned-over district of upstate new york, and claimed to see angels and visions, eventually leading him to establish a fundamentally unique kind of christianity.
the ambush and no-quarter killing of a large number (about 77) of mostly unarmed jewish medical personnel in a convoy headed to hadassah hospital on mt.	the ambush and killing of a large number (about 77) of mostly unarmed jewish medical personnel in a convoy headed to hadassah hospital on mt.
the art of mechanically harvesting meat that would otherwise be unusable dates back to the 1950s, when mechanical hand tools were developed to help remove these scraps and minimize waste.	the practice of mechanically harvesting meat that would otherwise be unusable dates back to the 1950s, when mechanical hand tools were developed to help remove these scraps and minimize waste.
when joel schumacher threatened to end the franchise with the campy box-office disappointment batman & robin in 1997, many directors tried to bring a darker take on batman to the big screen.	when joel schumacher threatened to end the franchise with the box-office disappointment batman & robin in 1997, many directors tried to bring a darker take on batman to the big screen.
"former conscript csar trejo also accused the current argentine ministry of defense, nilda garre of promoting a ""state of confused politics"" in favour of the leftist cecim."	"former conscript csar trejo also accused the current argentine ministry of defense, nilda garre of promoting a ""state of confused politics"" in favour of the cecim."
realise the dream is a prestigious national event which celebrates and rewards students who have undertaken a piece of excellent science research or technology development.	realise the dream is a national event which celebrates and rewards students who have undertaken a piece of excellent science research or technology development.
in the second part he is shown to be jesus christ himself.	in the second part he is shown to be jesus himself.
a relatively small group of congregations split away in 1987 to form the liberal alliance of baptists.	a relatively small group of congregations split away in 1987 to form the alliance of baptists.
some famous faces have appeared on this section of the show as well, including tim, west ham fan perry fenwick (billy mitchell from eastenders) and the brilliant band, the rifles.	some famous faces have appeared on this section of the show as well, including tim, west ham fan perry fenwick (billy mitchell from eastenders) and the band, the rifles .
how to use and nice pictures	how to use and pictures
21, was the product of a boy aged 17 years 6 months (it was finished on 6 august 1826) and is rightly regarded as one of the most astonishingly assured and polished pieces of orchestral music ever written by such a young composer.	21, was the product of a boy aged 17 years 6 months (it was finished on 6 august 1826) and is regarded as one of the most astonishingly assured and polished pieces of orchestral music ever written by such a young composer.
it includes computer graphics, animations, merely digital scans of artwork in other media, or even ascii art.	it includes computer graphics, animations, digital scans of artwork in other media, or even ascii art.
in 1999, the fcc finally relaxed its ownership rules and allowed one company to own two stations in the same market starting in 2001. ironically, this development brought the sinclair-glencairn arrangement to light for the first time.	in 1999, the fcc relaxed its ownership rules and allowed one company to own two stations in the same market starting in 2001. ironically, this development brought the sinclair-glencairn arrangement to light for the first time.
his father was also a patron of yakshagana, a folk system of dance, native to north karnataka.	his father was also a patron of yakshagana, a folk system of dance, native to karnataka.
carbon neutral buildings are buildings which are specifically engineered to release no ghg at all or to balance the ghg emissions they produce using ghg trades.	carbon neutral buildings are buildings that are specifically engineered to release no ghg at all or to balance the ghg emissions they produce using ghg trades.
tadzhikistan is the most common misspelling and is widely used in english literature derived from russian sources.	tadzhikistan is the most common alternate spelling and is widely used in english literature derived from russian sources.
murray destroyed the american winning 6-0 6-0. his run came to an end in the semi-final when he was beaten by the veteran american justin gimelstob 6-1 7-6.	murray dominated the american winning 6-0 6-0. his run came to an end in the semi-final when he was beaten by the veteran american justin gimelstob 6-1 7-6.
latino sine flexione, a now-defunct auxiliary language developed by giuseppe peano.	latino sine flexione, a auxiliary language developed by giuseppe peano.
fark.com is a liberal website created by drew curtis allowing users to comment on a daily batch of news articles and other items from various websites.	fark.com is a community website created by drew curtis allowing users to comment on a daily batch of news articles and other items from various websites.
adam boland is the executive producer for the seven network's popular breakfast show sunrise.	adam boland is the executive producer for the seven network's breakfast show sunrise .
"buck later clarified that he was responding to norton's television ad claiming he was not ""man enough"" to attack her himself."	"buck later said that he was responding to norton's television ad claiming he was not ""man enough"" to attack her himself."
the deceitful british crown, over a period of a century, slowly managed to forge the myriad kingdoms into one entity with a view to colonise it.	the british crown, over a period of a century, slowly managed to forge the myriad kingdoms into one entity with a view to colonise it.
his on-court success was superlative , as he won a record six nba most valuable player awards, while playing on six nba championship teams; at ucla, he played on three ncaa championship teams under coach john wooden.	his on-court success was unprecedented , as he won a record six nba most valuable player awards, while playing on six nba championship teams; at ucla, he played on three ncaa championship teams under coach john wooden.
pink taco is a mexican restaurant chain that has earned notoriety for its name, which is the same as a slang term for a human vagina.	pink taco is a mexican restaurant chain that has earned notoriety for its name, which is the same as a slang term for a vagina.
during his 2008 presidential campaign, paul places in the top tier in republican straw polls, with substantially lower support in landline opinion polls.	during his 2008 presidential campaign, paul places in the top tier in republican straw polls, with substantially lower numbers in landline opinion polls.
soon afterward, both engaged in a confrontation that ended with george zimmerman fatally shooting trayvon martin.	soon afterward, they engaged in a confrontation that ended with george zimmerman fatally shooting trayvon martin.
several hours after the execution was reported, a huge car bomb exploded in a market in the shi'ite town of kufa in southern iraq, resulting in at least 30 fatalities.	several hours after the execution was reported, a car bomb exploded in a market in the shi'ite town of kufa in southern iraq, resulting in at least 30 fatalities.
mexico city is the financial center of latin america and virtually every foreign and domestic corporation has operations in the city.	mexico city is an important financial center of latin america and virtually every foreign and domestic corporation has operations in the city.
the first concert was held in vancouver on march 28 in front of 20,000 delighted fans at one of two nearly sold-out concerts.	the first concert was held in vancouver on march 28 in front of 20,000 fans at one of two nearly sold-out concerts.
"in contrast, secular examinations of the text more generally conclude that, though archaic features such as the ""council in heaven"" survive, and though the story of job was familiar to ezekiel (chapter 14 verse 14), the present form of job was fixed in the 4th century bc."	"in contrast, comparative literary and historical examinations of the text more generally conclude that, though archaic features such as the ""council in heaven"" survive, and though the story of job was familiar to ezekiel (chapter 14 verse 14), the present form of job was fixed in the 4th century bc."
finally, the influential discovery institute has been instrumental in putting the idea of intelligent design into public debate, even though most biologists do not accept the theory as scientific.	finally, the discovery institute has been instrumental in putting the idea of intelligent design into public debate, even though most biologists do not accept the theory as scientific.
), sola fide (faith alone—is a man saved through faith in christ alone, or do the church, good works and the sacraments contribute?	), sola fide (faith alone—is a man saved through faith in jesus alone, or do the church, good works and the sacraments contribute?
until the 1980s the 'place' at the centre of the village was dominated by elm trees, which are sadly now gone.	until the 1980s the 'place' at the centre of the village was dominated by elm trees, which are now gone.
it is the original christian church founded by christ and the apostles, and traces its lineage back to the early church through the process of apostolic succession.	it claims to be the original christian church founded by christ and the apostles, and traces its lineage back to the early church through the process of apostolic succession.
this dvd also includes nine amazing live performances from their most recent tour.	this dvd also includes nine live performances from their most recent tour.
almost all suggested replacement flags submitted to ausflag feature the constellation, with the four main stars as seven-point commonwealth stars, and the centre star as a standard five-point star, as they appear on the current flag.	almost all suggested replacement flags submitted to ausflag feature the constellation, with the four main stars as seven-point commonwealth stars, and the centre star as a standard five-point star, as they appear on the existing flag.
studies have consistently shown that specifically androphilic male-to-female transsexuals (sometimes confusingly called homosexual mtf transsexuals in studies) show a shift towards the female direction in brain anatomy.	studies have consistently shown that specifically androphilic male-to-female transsexuals (sometimes called homosexual mtf transsexuals in studies) show a shift towards the female direction in brain anatomy.
the new york times reports that the bush administration exaggerated both the danger posed and the intelligence provided by the detainees held at the controversial prisoner camp in guantanamo bay.	the new york times alleges that the bush administration exaggerated both the danger posed and the intelligence provided by the detainees held at the controversial prisoner camp in guantanamo bay.
in 2001, she started to work as a tv host in on a tout essay, a famous french tv show broadcast on france 2. she has now left laurent ruquier's team and is expected to have her own show on decoration and art de vivre on the same channel in the beginning of 2008.	in 2001, she started to work as a tv host in on a tout essay, a french tv show broadcast on france 2. she has now left laurent ruquier's team and is expected to have her own show on decoration and art de vivre on the same channel in the beginning of 2008.
the song features verses from three of the wu-tang clan's top-calibre mcs, method man, ghostface killah and u-god, as well as spoken bits from rza and raekwon.	the song features verses from three of the wu-tang clan's mcs, method man, ghostface killah and u-god, as well as spoken bits from rza and raekwon.
critics of the book of mormon claim there are places where the language is anachronistic and indicative of a 19th century origin consistent with joseph smith's upbringing and life experience, as well as the books and other literature available to him just preceding the time the book of mormon was published .	critics of the book of mormon claim there are places where the language is anachronistic and suggestive of a 19th century origin consistent with joseph smith's upbringing and life experience, as well as the books and other literature available to him just preceding the time the book of mormon was published .
1989: tiananmen massacre /june 4th incident in beijing	1989: tiananmen incident /june 4th incident in beijing
trivers and newton published an influential analysis of the role of flight crew self-deception in the crash of air florida flight 90.	trivers and newton published an analysis of the role of flight crew self-deception in the crash of air florida flight 90.
the lemme is characterised by an extremely variable discharge; very little water flows during the summer months, but it can also give rise to terrible floods, such as those of 1978.	the lemme is characterised by an extremely variable discharge; very little water flows during the summer months, but it can also give rise to significant floods, such as those of 1978.
newtown's vibrant king street at night.	newtown's king street at night.
congresss non-partisan joint committee on taxation evaluated a similar proposal and determined that a revenue-neutral plan would require a tax rate of around 36%.	congresss bipartisan joint committee on taxation evaluated a similar proposal and determined that a revenue-neutral plan would require a tax rate of around 36%.
isaac daniel roosevelt (september 29, 1790 december 24, 1863) was an american businessman , and the paternal grandfather of u.s. president franklin d. roosevelt.	isaac daniel roosevelt (september 29, 1790 december 24, 1863) was an american businessperson , and the paternal grandfather of u.s. president franklin d. roosevelt.
as someone with a social conscience, his film projects often reflected that perspective when dealing with the conquered indigenous peoples of the british empire.	as someone with a social conscience, his film projects often reflected that perspective when dealing with the indigenous peoples of the british empire.
kevin moran - gaa and soccer star	kevin moran - gaa and soccer player
struga is also a place of important cultural significance in the republic of macedonia, as it is the birthplace of the bulgarian poets konstantin and dimitar miladinov.	struga is also a place of important cultural significance in the republic of macedonia, as it is the birthplace of the poets konstantin and dimitar miladinov.
early into the campaign, he notably netted against sporting (21 away win) and former club porto (the only goal in a home triumph ).	early into the campaign, he notably netted against sporting (21 away win) and former club porto (the only goal in a home win ).
bad penny had to fly low, down to , over german guns, but succeeded in dropping her precious cargo and returned to her airfield.	bad penny had to fly low, down to , over german guns, but succeeded in dropping her cargo and returned to her airfield.
vasco pajama is a cartoon character created by leftwing australian cartoonist michael leunig.	vasco pajama is a cartoon character created by australian cartoonist michael leunig.
"he considers iconic comedian george carlin to be the all time greatest and said ""it's easy to follow the funniest guy ever"" when he appeared after carlin as a guest during his first late night talk show appearance on the late late show with craig kilborn."	"he considers comedian george carlin to be the all time greatest and said ""it's easy to follow the funniest guy ever"" when he appeared after carlin as a guest during his first late night talk show appearance on the late late show with craig kilborn."
his vigourous assault on extremism and mistreatment of women provoked condemnation from religious muslims, many of whom denounced him as a kaffir (heretic).	his vigourous assault on extremism and mistreatment of women provoked condemnation from fundamentalist muslims, many of whom denounced him as a kaffir (heretic).
investigators believe that they could finally face trial in mid-2009.	investigators believe that they could face trial in mid-2009.
because rsm is eclipse-based, it can take advantage of a vibrant market of third-party plugins for eclipse, as well as plugins specifically for rational tools.	because rsm is eclipse-based, it can take advantage of a market of third-party plugins for eclipse, as well as plugins specifically for rational tools.
he attended llanelli grammar school and peterhouse, cambridge and was president of the cambridge union society in 1962. after taking a 2:1 in the first part of the economics tripos, he switched to law and graduated with a 2:2 in 1962. howard was one of a cluster of bright conservative students at cambridge around this time, sometimes referred to as the cambridge mafia, many of whom went on to hold high government office under margaret thatcher and john major.	he attended llanelli grammar school and peterhouse, cambridge and was president of the cambridge union society in 1962. after taking a 2:1 in the first part of the economics tripos, he switched to law and graduated with a 2:2 in 1962. howard was one of a cluster of conservative students at cambridge around this time, sometimes referred to as the cambridge mafia, many of whom went on to hold high government office under margaret thatcher and john major.
a complete system of chinese arts including:	a system of chinese arts including:
maria felix ( - april 8, 2002) was an actress that contributed enormously to the golden era of mexican cinema.	maria felix ( - april 8, 2002) was an actress that contributed to the golden era of mexican cinema.
in 2012, overington was appointed associate editor of australia's oldest and best-selling magazine, the australian women's weekly, where she has interviewed former prime minister julia gillard; screen actress helen mirren; comedienne ellen de generes; industrialist gina rinehart; and us secretary of state, hillary clinton.	in 2012, overington was appointed associate editor of australia's oldest and best-selling magazine, the australian women's weekly, where she has interviewed former prime minister julia gillard; screen actress helen mirren; comedian ellen de generes; industrialist gina rinehart; and us secretary of state, hillary clinton.
sweety shetty, better known as anushka shetty, is a rising sexy actress in the kollywood and tollywood industries.	sweety shetty, better known as anushka shetty, is a rising actress in the kollywood and tollywood industries.
many major critics had a special screening of the documentary on november 20, and 21. early reviews for the documentary have been extremely positive.	many major critics had a special screening of the documentary on november 20, and 21. early reviews for the documentary have been positive.
also named for him have been pisudski's mound, one of the four man-made mounds at krakw; the jzef pisudski institute of america, a new york research center and museum on the modern history of poland; the warsaw academy of physical education; a passenger ship, ms pisudski; a gunboat, orp komendant pisudski; and a victorious racehorse, pilsudski.	also named for him have been pisudski's mound, one of the four man-made mounds at krakw; the jzef pisudski institute of america, a new york research center and museum on the modern history of poland; the warsaw academy of physical education; a passenger ship, ms pisudski; a gunboat, orp komendant pisudski; and a racehorse, pilsudski.
in 1964, utilising a long coal-black wig, the brunette jones began playing morticia addams in the television series the addams family, a role which brought her success as a comedienne and a golden globe award nomination.	in 1964, utilising a long coal-black wig, the brunette jones began playing morticia addams in the television series the addams family, a role which brought her success as a comedian and a golden globe award nomination.
human rights groups have been critical of china's lack of religious and press freedoms	human rights groups have been critical of china's treatment of religious and press freedoms
around 1744 he entered into a romantic liaison with lady henrietta maria stafford, daughter of a jacobite chamberlain, and they were married in 1748. a son born in 1746 died in 1750. despite financial hardship, they lived harmoniously until her death in 1755. meanwhile, he published la nuit et le moment (1745), ah!	around 1744 he entered into a romantic liaison with lady henrietta maria stafford, daughter of a jacobite chamberlain, and they were married in 1748. a son born in 1746 died in 1750. despite financial hardship, they lived together until her death in 1755. meanwhile, he published la nuit et le moment (1745), ah!
johnson's stated goal for the wedge strategy and hence his motive in his furtherance of his interpretation of the teach the controversy political action movement is:	johnson's stated goal for the wedge strategy and some suggest his motive in his furtherance of his interpretation of the teach the controversy political action movement is:
using the sequences of these bacterial sphingomyelinases in homology searches ultimately led to the identification of the yeast n-smases isc1 in the budding yeast saccharomyces cervisiae .	using the sequences of these bacterial sphingomyelinases in homology searches ultimately led to the identification of the yeast n-smases isc1 in the budding yeast saccharomyces cerivisiae .
who won the national rti award 2010 for his crusade.	who was nominated for the national rti award 2010 for his crusade.
a related canard is that jews control hollywood or the news media.	a related conspiracy is that jews control hollywood or the news media.
piotr gontarczyk (born april 29 1970 in yrardw) is a controversial polish historian and political scientist.	piotr gontarczyk (born april 29 1970 in yrardw) is a polish historian and political scientist.
space policy is a country 's political decision-making process for, and application of, public policy regarding spaceflight and uses of outer space, both for civilian (scientific and commercial) and military purposes.	space policy is a state 's political decision-making process for, and application of, public policy regarding spaceflight and uses of outer space, both for civilian (scientific and commercial) and military purposes.
hayden leslie panettiere (; born august 21, 1989) is an american actress and grammy-nominated singer.	hayden leslie panettiere (; born august 21, 1989) is an american actress and singer.
james v. barnett ii is an american engineer and co-founder of the leading fpga developer xilinx.	james v. barnett ii is an american engineer and co-founder of the fpga developer xilinx.
lisa snowdon (born 23 january 1971) is an english supermodel and television personality, who has recently started work as a radio host.	lisa snowdon (born 23 january 1971) is an english model and television personality, who has recently started work as a radio host.
born in shanghai, china, chen came to the united states in 1989 to study at the state university of new york at buffalo, where she received an m.a.	born in shanghai, china, chen went to the united states in 1989 to study at the state university of new york at buffalo, where she received an m.a.
his supporters, mostly fundamentalist muslims, applaud him, some calling him a pir or caliph.	his supporters, mostly muslims, applaud him, some calling him a pir or caliph.
she devoted herself chiefly to the study of the social history of the colonial and revolutionary periods of the united states, wrote a number of entertaining books and magazine articles in this field, and was chosen historian of the national society of the colonial dames of america.	she devoted herself chiefly to the study of the social history of the colonial and revolutionary periods of the united states, wrote a number of books and magazine articles in this field, and was chosen historian of the national society of the colonial dames of america.
beit el is an israeli community situated in the binyamin region of samaria (or shomron).	beit el is an israeli settlement situated in the binyamin region of samaria (or shomron).
diamond has attempted stand-up comedy for many years.	diamond has performed stand-up comedy for many years.
ralph rene (august 24, 1933 – december 10, 2008) was an american conspiracy theorist and crackpot publisher and inventor.	ralph rene (august 24, 1933 – december 10, 2008) was an american conspiracy theorist and small press publisher and inventor.
chokladboll (chocolate ball) is a very popular pastry in sweden.	chokladboll (chocolate ball) is a popular pastry in sweden.
from 1921 to 1948, he was the grand mufti of jerusalem, and played a key role in resistance to zionism.	from 1921 to 1948, he was the grand mufti of jerusalem, and played a key role in opposition to zionism.
ephraim the syrian wrote incendiary polemics against jews in the fourth century, including the repeated accusation that satan dwells among them as a partner.	ephraim the syrian wrote polemics against jews in the fourth century, including the repeated accusation that satan dwells among them as a partner.
ellison wrote this classic story in a single night in 1966, and suprisingly it remained virtually unchanged since that first draft.	ellison wrote this classic story in a single night in 1966, and it remained virtually unchanged since that first draft.
the church of alexandria has jurisdiction over the christians in all the african continent.	the church of alexandria claims jurisdiction over the christians in all the african continent.
jehovah's witnesses' beliefs are based on their interpretations of the bible and they prefer to use their own bible translation, the new world translation of the holy scriptures.	jehovah's witnesses' beliefs are based on their interpretations of the bible and they prefer to use their bible translation, the new world translation of the holy scriptures.
nana visitor (born nana tucker on july 26, 1957) is an american actress, best known for playing kira nerys in the television series star trek: deep space nine and jean ritter in the television series wildfire.	nana visitor (born nana tucker on july 26, 1957) is an american actress, known for playing kira nerys in the television series star trek: deep space nine and jean ritter in the television series wildfire.
her transition to movies has not gone well so far, as most of her movies, including love stinks, have been awful .	her transition to movies has not gone well so far, as most of her movies, including love stinks, have been critically panned .
hard-core zionists also criticized, often in harsh language, prime minister rabin and shimon perez, his foreign minister and chief architect of the peace accord.	certain zionists also criticized, often in harsh language, prime minister rabin and shimon perez, his foreign minister and chief architect of the peace accord.
"michio kaku is criticized by scientists for his book entitled ""hyperspace"" which promotes hyperspace as a legitimate scientific theory when in fact it is mere fiction."	"michio kaku is criticized by scientists for his book entitled ""hyperspace"" which promotes hyperspace as a legitimate scientific theory when in fact it is fiction."
the election of mihailov as leader of imro marks a period of intensification of the armed struggle of the organisation in greek, and especially in serbian macedonia .	the election of mihailov as leader of imro marks a period of intensification of the armed struggle of the organisation in greek, and especially in vardar macedonia.
anil kapoor in an interview slammed leading actors that take steroids.	anil kapoor in an interview criticized leading actors that take steroids.
both belgium and the us were clearly influenced by the cold war in their positions toward lumumba.	both belgium and the us were influenced by the cold war in their positions toward lumumba.
today, brandon spends his time surfing, writing, drawing, and spending time with friends, family,and his gorgeous girlfriend linda perez.	today, brandon spends his time surfing, writing, drawing, and spending time with friends, family,and his girlfriend linda perez.
unfortunately the album again failed to chart.	however the album again failed to chart.
unfortunately in 2003 brita uk employed neil whitford as production manager.	in 2003 brita uk employed neil whitford as production manager.
"(""commander of the armies "") is a military rank and historical title for hereditary commanders of armies in japan."	"(""commander of the forces "") is a military rank and historical title for hereditary commanders of armies in japan."
at the age of 45, and near the end of his distinguished police career, biaggi entered law school.	at the age of 45, and near the end of his police career, biaggi entered law school.
more recently, the lavra has been bitterly contested between the ukrainian orthodox church (moscow patriarchy) and the self-proclaimed patriarchate of kiev.	more recently, the lavra has been bitterly contested between the ukrainian orthodox church (moscow patriarchy) and the patriarchate of kiev.
he is best known for his lead film roles in the comedy-drama inside llewyn davis (2013), for which he received a golden globe award nomination, the crime drama a most violent year (2014) and the science fiction thriller ex machina (2015).	he is known for his lead film roles in the comedy-drama inside llewyn davis (2013), for which he received a golden globe award nomination, the crime drama a most violent year (2014) and the science fiction thriller ex machina (2015).
lewis - prolific writer; well known for the the chronicles of narnia series, and for his apologetic mere christianity.	lewis - oxforf professor and writer; well known for the the chronicles of narnia series, and for his apologetic mere christianity.
many more vietnam veterans felt that westmoreland spent more time in his palatial compound in vietnam or on continual junkets to the us to lobby congress.	many more vietnam veterans felt that westmoreland spent more time in his compound in vietnam or on continual junkets to the us to lobby congress.
replaying the 18th again, dufner found the green in two and when els couldn't get up and down from 100 yards short of the green, dufner sealed the win with a confident two putt.	replaying the 18th again, dufner found the green in two and when els couldn't get up and down from 100 yards short of the green, dufner sealed the win with a two putt.
the sibitti call on erra to lead the destruction of mankind .	the sibitti call on erra to lead the destruction of humankind .
"in 1975, the eminent british naturalist peter scott proposed the binomial name nessiteras rhombopteryx (""ness monster with diamond-shaped fin"") for the loch ness monster; it was soon spotted that it was an anagram of ""monster hoax by sir peter s""."	"in 1975, the british naturalist peter scott proposed the binomial name nessiteras rhombopteryx (""ness monster with diamond-shaped fin"") for the loch ness monster; it was soon spotted that it was an anagram of ""monster hoax by sir peter s""."
on december 14, the commission voted 3-2 in favor of passing the repeal of the 2015 act .	on december 14, the commission voted 3-2 in favor of passing the repeal of the 2015 rules .
in practise, throughout the 1970s the sea org provided a means for scientology management to avoid legal interference by being able to remain at sea outside of the jurisdiction of countries seeking to serve legal action.	in practise, throughout the 1970s the sea org provided a means for scientology management to avoid legal entanglements by being able to remain at sea outside of the jurisdiction of countries seeking to serve legal action.
"in 2006, beers was mistakenly named as one of the ""idiots of the year"" by the washington post for his suggestion of arming teachers with guns against attacks."	"in 2006, beers was named as one of the ""idiots of the year"" by the washington post for his suggestion of arming teachers with guns against attacks."
miranda may kerr (born april 20, 1983 or 1985 ) is an australian supermodel , best known as one of the victoria's secret angels (the first australian addition to the victoria's secret campaign), and as the face of australian fashion chain portmans.	miranda may kerr (born april 20, 1983 or 1985 ) is an australian model , best known as one of the victoria's secret angels (the first australian addition to the victoria's secret campaign), and as the face of australian fashion chain portmans.
this similarly happened in the republican party with the candidacy and later landslide election of ronald reagan in 1980, which marked the triumph of the neoliberal/fascist wing.	this similarly happened in the republican party with the candidacy and later landslide election of ronald reagan in 1980, which marked the triumph of the conservative wing.
paper clips were chosen in part because some people from norway (norwegian johan vaaler is often falsely credited for inventing paperclips) wore them on their lapels as a symbol of resistance against nazi occupation during the world war ii.	paper clips were chosen in part because some people from norway (norwegian johan vaaler is often incorrectly credited for inventing paperclips) wore them on their lapels as a symbol of resistance against nazi occupation during the world war ii.
"they commented that the success of u.s. foreign policy often depends upon a president withstanding ""the inevitable charges of appeasement that accompany any decision to negotiate with hostile powers."""	"they claimed that the success of u.s. foreign policy often depends upon a president withstanding ""the inevitable charges of appeasement that accompany any decision to negotiate with hostile powers."""
the family institute of connecticut is an interdenominational, conservative 501(c)(3) non-profit dissembling organization founded in 1989. its stated goal is to encourage and strengthen the family as the foundation of society and to promote judeo-christian ethical and moral values in the culture and government of connecticut.	the family institute of connecticut is an interdenominational, conservative 501(c)(3) non-profit advocacy organization founded in 1989. its stated goal is to encourage and strengthen the family as the foundation of society and to promote judeo-christian ethical and moral values in the culture and government of connecticut.
in particular, scrafton claimed that he and howard had spoken three times on the telephone, but telephone records showed that they only spoke twice.	in particular, scrafton claimed that he and howard had spoken three times on the telephone, but telephone records showed that they spoke twice.
on 3 august, the regime announced that it controls 20% of the city after fierce street clashes and major losses .	on 3 august, the government announced that it controls 20% of the city after fierce street clashes and major losses .
the emerson string quartet is a renowned new york–based string quartet in residence at the state university of new york at stony brook.	the emerson string quartet is a new york–based string quartet in residence at the state university of new york at stony brook.
jones' acting often overshadowed her musical output.	jones' acting occasionally overshadowed her musical output.
maria sharapova gorgeous during a press conference	maria sharapova during a press conference
usage of the term vegetariansim to include the eating of some types of animals can lead to some confusion since vegetarianism, by definition , excludes the eating of animals.	usage of the term vegetariansim to include the eating of some types of animals can lead to some confusion since vegetarianism, by most definitions , excludes the eating of animals.
the developers plan on releasing some of the core changes introduced in operation arrowhead (such as performance optimizations) as patches, allowing regular arma ii players to enjoy any engine improvements introduced in the expansion.	the developers plan on releasing some of the core changes introduced in operation arrowhead (such as performance optimizations) as patches, allowing regular arma ii players to access to any engine improvements introduced in the expansion.
the zhaoyuan mcdonalds cult murder was the brutal murder, on may 28, 2014, of 37-year old salesgirl wu shuoyan, in a mcdonalds diner in the city of zhaoyuan, in the chinese province of shandong, by members of a criminal new religious movement or cult.	the zhaoyuan mcdonalds cult murder was the murder, on may 28, 2014, of 37-year old salesgirl wu shuoyan, in a mcdonalds diner in the city of zhaoyuan, in the chinese province of shandong, by members of a criminal new religious movement or cult.
current and former residents and tourists make a point of visiting montreal's best-known smoked meat establishments (dunn's, jarry smoked meat, lester's, the main deli, schwartz's, the snowdon deli, and stanley diner; formerly ben's deli, a montreal institution for 98 years which unfortunately closed in late 2006), even taking whole briskets away as take-out.	current and former residents and tourists make a point of visiting montreal's best-known smoked meat establishments (dunn's, jarry smoked meat, lester's, the main deli, schwartz's, the snowdon deli, and stanley diner; formerly ben's deli, a montreal institution for 98 years which closed in late 2006), even taking whole briskets away as take-out.
he added that marathi people of border region are not able to live with honour and dignity under karnataka's rule pointing out to the 'unconstitutional' dissolution of belgaum municipal council and manhandling of belgaum mayor by kannada fanatics at bangalore.	he added that marathi people of border region are not able to live with honour and dignity under karnataka's rule pointing out to the 'unconstitutional' dissolution of belgaum municipal council and manhandling of belgaum mayor by kannada activists at bangalore.
the murder is considered to be private matter within the affected family, rarely do non-family members or the courts become involved.	the execution is considered to be private matter within the affected family, rarely do non-family members or the courts become involved.
she had a long battle with breast cancer and often spoke to young people's groups before her passing .	she had a long battle with breast cancer and often spoke to young people's groups before her death .
late in 2010 metropolitan hilarion gave an important speech to senior anglican bishops and professors at the nikean club dinner at lambeth palace.	late in 2010 metropolitan hilarion gave an inportant speech to senior anglican bishops and professors at the nikean club dinner at lambeth palace.
famous bellydancer in 1960. in 1976, the composer mohammed abdel wahab wrote an entire musical piece exclusively for her belly dancing show titled qamar arba'tashar (meaning the full moon of the 14th), it was her transition from traditional oriental dance to a choreographed stage performances.	she was a bellydancer in 1960. in 1976, the composer mohammed abdel wahab wrote an entire musical piece exclusively for her belly dancing show titled qamar arba'tashar (meaning the full moon of the 14th), it was her transition from traditional oriental dance to a choreographed stage performances.
this is the story of comedienne , pokwang portrayed by herself.	this is the story of comedian , pokwang portrayed by herself.
"an ""etic"" account is a description of a behavior or belief by an observer, in terms that can be applied to other cultures; that is, an etic account is 'culturally neutral'."	"an ""etic"" account is a description of a behavior or belief by an observer, in terms that can be applied to other cultures; that is, an etic account attempts to be 'culturally neutral'."
brooke became the centre of controversy in 1851 when accusations of misconduct against him led to the appointment of a royal commission in singapore.	his highness became the centre of controversy in 1851 when accusations of misconduct against him led to the appointment of a royal commission in singapore.
stolen continent since 1492: one of the many bold signs used by the mexica movement during the great los angeles march of 2006 (la gran marcha), and the subsequent march in dallas, texas.	stolen continent since 1492: one of the many bold signs used by the mexica movement during the los angeles march of 2006 (la gran marcha), and the subsequent march in dallas, texas.
housed in a beautiful historic building the urbana free library graces the downtown area.	housed in a historic building the urbana free library graces the downtown area.
belgian supermodel ingrid seynhaeve hosts the show, which is based on the top-rating series america's next top model with supermodel tyra banks.	belgian model ingrid seynhaeve hosts the show, which is based on the top-rating series america's next top model with supermodel tyra banks.
non-muslims are sometimes overly sensitive about not giving offence during ramadan -- for example, by conducting military operations.	non-muslims are sometimes sensitive about not giving offence during ramadan -- for example, by conducting military operations.
it is sometimes said that shells are made of chitin, but these are unrelated materials (except for their hardness and use as a covering by animals).	it is sometimes erroneously claimed that shells are made of chitin, but these are unrelated materials (except for their hardness and use as a covering by animals).
ngel castro y argiz (december 5, 1875—october 21, 1956) is the father of cuban dictator fidel castro.	ngel castro y argiz (december 5, 1875—october 21, 1956) is the father of cuban leader fidel castro.
jesus pbuh will perform hajj (pilgrimage), marry, remain married for 19 years, beget children, and die after living on earth for 40 years.	jesus will perform hajj (pilgrimage), marry, remain married for 19 years, beget children, and die after living on earth for 40 years.
recently, the iran government forced all iranians to register their web sites in ministry of art and culture.	recently, the iran government required all iranians to register their web sites in ministry of art and culture.
the pedalos are no longer available for hire in the summer months sadly .	the pedalos are no longer available for hire in the summer months.
he is known predominantly for his roles in xanadu (1980), his oscar-flirting performance as swan in the hit film the warriors (1979), and his turn as dallas in megaforce (1982), which garnered him a razzie nomination for worst supporting actor.	he is known predominantly for his roles in xanadu (1980), his performance as swan in the hit film the warriors (1979), and his turn as dallas in megaforce (1982), which garnered him a razzie nomination for worst supporting actor.
menanders comment that ithobaal had been a priest of astarte before becoming king explains why his daughter jezebel was so zealous in the promotion of idolatry , thus leading to the conflicts between elijah and jezebels forces described in 1 kings 18 and 19. menanders further statement that her father was a murderer sheds some light on her choice of a way to solve the naboth problem in 1 kings 21.	menanders comment that ithobaal had been a priest of astarte before becoming king explains why his daughter jezebel was so zealous in the promotion of the phoenician gods , thus leading to the conflicts between elijah and jezebels forces described in 1 kings 18 and 19. menanders further statement that her father was a murderer sheds some light on her choice of a way to solve the naboth problem in 1 kings 21.
websites that unethically use online advertising for revenue frequently do not monitor what advertisements on their website link to, allowing advertisements to lead to sites with malicious software or adult material.	websites that unethically use online advertising for revenue frequently do not monitor what advertisements on their website link to, allowing advertisements to lead to sites with malicious software or audience-inappropriate material.
the official position of these countries is that kosovo is a serbian province under ad interim un control, formally known as autonomous province of kosovo and metohija (, autonomna pokrajina kosovo i metohija, also , kosmet; ).	the official position of many countries is that kosovo is a serbian province under ad interim un control, formally known as autonomous province of kosovo and metohija (, autonomna pokrajina kosovo i metohija, also , kosmet; ).
disturbed is a metal band from chicago, illinois.	disturbed is a rock band from chicago, illinois.
a single goal from johnny rep four minutes into the match was enough for ajax to claim their third consecutive european cup.	a goal from johnny rep four minutes into the match was enough for ajax to claim their third consecutive european cup.
winter is also a regular contributor to bbc radio 4's thought for the day .	winter is also a contributor to bbc radio 4's thought for the day .
"the song's title is an initialism for ""she walks like a bearded rainbow"", although jack bruce once acknowledged that the w stood for ""was"" rather than ""walks""."	"the song's title is an initialism for ""she walks like a bearded rainbow"", although jack bruce once said that the w stood for ""was"" rather than ""walks""."
after the six-day war in 1967, beit lid has been under israeli occupation .	after the six-day war in 1967, beit lid has been under israeli rule .
green left weekly is routinely criticised by news limited publications including editorials and opinion pieces in the australian, in particular wrongly accusing green left weekly of supporting terrorism and anti-semitism for their criticism of israel.	green left weekly is routinely criticised by news limited publications including editorials and opinion pieces in the australian, in particular accusing green left weekly of supporting terrorism and anti-semitism for their criticism of israel.
"the white-minority regime declared itself a ""republic"" in 1970. it was not recognised by the uk or any other state, other than white minority-led south africa."	"the white-minority goverment declared itself a ""republic"" in 1970. it was not recognised by the uk or any other state, other than white minority-led south africa."
charmed is an award-winning american television series that originally aired from october 7, 1998 until may 21, 2006, when its network, warner brothers, ceased operation.	charmed is an american television series that originally aired from october 7, 1998 until may 21, 2006, when its network, warner brothers, ceased operation.
however, dissension over musical direction between albarn and guitarist graham coxon would result in a stunning change in style for the next release, 1997's blur.	however, dissension over musical direction between albarn and guitarist graham coxon would result in a change in style for the next release, 1997's blur.
original sin and the whole idea of total depravity from which it ensues are rejected, although the human predilection to sin due to temptations and the limitations of human nature is affirmed.	original sin and the idea of total depravity from which it ensues are rejected, although the human predilection to sin due to temptations and the limitations of human nature is affirmed.
louis had already involved himself in kikuyu tribal affairs in 1928, taking a stand against female circumcision .	louis had already involved himself in kikuyu tribal affairs in 1928, taking a stand against female genital cutting .
"he finds it more efficient to respond to correspondence in ""batch mode"", such as one day every three months, to be sent by snail mail."	"he finds it more efficient to respond to correspondence in ""batch mode"", such as one day every three months, to be sent by postal mail."
almondbank is a large village in perth and kinross, scotland.	almondbank is a village in perth and kinross, scotland.
george soros, joseph e. stiglitz (another nobel prize, formerly of the world bank, author of globalization and its discontents) and david korten have made strong arguments for drastically improving transparency, for debt relief, land reform, and restructuring corporate accountability systems.	george soros, joseph e. stiglitz (another nobel prize, formerly of the world bank, author of globalization and its discontents) and david korten have made arguments for drastically improving transparency, for debt relief, land reform, and restructuring corporate accountability systems.
wheat and his battalion served honorably in jackson's valley campaign and the peninsula campaign.	wheat and his battalion served in jackson's valley campaign and the peninsula campaign.
since mahmoud election, iran has frequently been the target of slurs by the united states.	since mahmoud election, iran has frequently been the target of verbal attacks by the united states.
because many criminals are able to obtain both legal and illegal weapons without a license, laws that entirely ban any type of gun may halt the use of guns only as a means of self-defense while criminals continue to ignore the laws and abuse the guns.	opponent of gun control claim that since many criminals are able to obtain both legal and illegal weapons without a license, laws that entirely ban any type of gun may halt the use of guns only as a means of self-defense while criminals continue to ignore the laws and abuse the guns.
in 1990, north yemen and south yemen united into one country, but in 1994, south yemeni army units staged an armed revolt against what they considered corrupt crony state rule by north yemeni dictator ali abdullah saleh.	in 1990, north yemen and south yemen united into one country, but in 1994, south yemeni army units staged an armed revolt against what they considered corrupt crony state rule by north yemeni ali abdullah saleh.
in the new testament, the term new jerusalem occurs only two times: verses 3:12 and 21:2 in the book of revelation.	in the new testament, the term new jerusalem occurs two times: verses 3:12 and 21:2 in the book of revelation.
born: tamsin greig, english television comedienne and actress, in maidstone, kent	born: tamsin greig, english television comedian and actress, in maidstone, kent
the movie's wistful piano theme has been used extensively in commercials, but an official release of the film's soundtrack has not yet materialized.	the movie's piano theme has been used extensively in commercials, but an official release of the film's soundtrack has not yet materialized.
in sumatra, there is one remaining supervolcano eruption that has created a beautiful landscape of lake toba nearby medan, north sumatra.	in sumatra, there is one remaining supervolcano eruption that has created a landscape of lake toba nearby medan, north sumatra.
in 2002, modern dance master lar lubovitch created a full-length ballet in three acts based on the shakespeare play and cinthio's tale with a score by elliot goldenthal.	in 2002, modern dance choreographer lar lubovitch created a full-length ballet in three acts based on the shakespeare play and cinthio's tale with a score by elliot goldenthal.
by late 2013, all ektachrome products were sadly discontinued.	by late 2013, all ektachrome products were discontinued.
germany held 2.5 million prisoners; russia held 2.9 million, and britain and france held about 720,000, mostly gained in the period just before the armistice in 1918. the us held 48,000. the most dangerous moment was the act of surrender, when helpless soldiers were sometimes gunned down.	germany held 2.5 million prisoners; russia held 2.9 million, and britain and france held about 720,000, mostly gained in the period just before the armistice in 1918. the us held 48,000. the most dangerous moment was the act of surrender, when helpless soldiers were sometimes shot down.
"because of writings like these, the american chassidic author rabbi yonassan gershom opined that bailey's plan for a new world order and her call for ""the gradual dissolution—again if in any way possible—of the orthodox jewish faith"" revealed that ""her goal is nothing less than the destruction of judaism itself."""	"because of writings like these, the american chassidic author rabbi yonassan gershom wrote that bailey's plan for a new world order and her call for ""the gradual dissolution—again if in any way possible—of the orthodox jewish faith"" revealed that ""her goal is nothing less than the destruction of judaism itself."""
in about the same place on the political spectrum as its daily sister paper the guardian, which acquired it in 1993, it takes a liberal or social democratic line on most issues.	in the same place on the political spectrum as its daily sister paper the guardian, which acquired it in 1993, it takes a liberal or social democratic line on most issues.
that night, on the return trip, the lady elgin was steaming through lake michigan in gale force winds when she was rammed by the schooner augusta, which was recklessly sailing near full sail.	that night, on the return trip, the lady elgin was steaming through lake michigan in gale force winds when she was rammed by the schooner augusta, which was sailing near full sail.
it is the opposite of the mere addition paradox, which shows that utilitarianism may lead to a very heavy populated dystopic world.	it is the opposite of the mere addition paradox, which argues that utilitarianism may lead to a very heavy populated dystopic world.
in 2006 she completed a bachelor of arts degree at the prestigious university of western australia, majoring in english and european studies.	in 2006 she completed a bachelor of arts degree at the university of western australia, majoring in english and european studies.
unfortunately since local television stations often need to sell more commercial airtime than network affiliates, syndicated shows are usually cut to make room for extra commercials.	since local television stations often need to sell more commercial airtime than network affiliates, syndicated shows are usually cut to make room for extra commercials.
the automated payment transaction (apt) tax is a proposal to replace all united states taxes with a single tax (using a very low rate) on each and every transaction in the economy.	the automated payment transaction (apt) tax is a proposal to replace all united states taxes with a single tax (using a low rate) on each and every transaction in the economy.
snow is very uncommon, particularly because heat from the urban area can make london 5c hotter than the surroundings.	snow is uncommon, particularly because heat from the urban area can make london 5c hotter than the surroundings.
directed by paul weiland, the movie featured actors such as john gabriel (as the evil wizard), and denis lill (as lift attendant frank kepple), plus great cameos from melvyn bragg, bob geldof, vincent hanna, gary lineker and trevor mcdonald.	directed by paul weiland, the movie featured actors such as john gabriel (as the evil wizard), and denis lill (as lift attendant frank kepple), plus cameos from melvyn bragg, bob geldof, vincent hanna, gary lineker and trevor mcdonald.
noted contributors to the journal include mark steyn, as well as provocations by roger scruton, david pryce-jones, theodore dalrymple, and others.	noted contributors to the journal include mark steyn, as well as articles by roger scruton, david pryce-jones, theodore dalrymple, and others.
under his direction, the mormons built roads and bridges, forts, irrigation projects; established public welfare; organized a militia; and pacified the native americans.	under his direction, the mormons built roads and bridges, forts, irrigation projects; established public welfare; organized a militia; and made peace with the native americans.
donald trump has been criticized for complicity in the sweden-bashing by the hard-core american right.	donald trump has been criticized for engaging in the sweden-bashing by the hard-core american right.
lotus cars is a british manufacturer of sports cars and racing cars based in east anglia and formed as lotus engineering ltd. by the great engineer colin chapman, in 1952. the company's first factory was in old stables behind the railway hotel in hornsea.	lotus cars is a british manufacturer of sports cars and racing cars based in east anglia and formed as lotus engineering ltd. by the influential engineer colin chapman, in 1952. the company's first factory was in old stables behind the railway hotel in hornsea.
when the old city was liberated , shofars indeed blew from temple mount, which is part of what inspired shemer to write the line about shofars sounding from the mountain top.	when the old city was taken , shofars indeed blew from temple mount, which is part of what inspired shemer to write the line about shofars sounding from the mountain top.
discussing various examples ranging from nietzsche's typewriter to london cab drivers' gps navigators, carr convincingly shows how newly introduced technologies change the way people think, act and live.	discussing various examples ranging from nietzsche's typewriter to london cab drivers' gps navigators, carr shows how newly introduced technologies change the way people think, act and live.
the slrc has drawn extensive fire from the southern poverty law center (splc), which has frequently attacked the slrc by citing lyons' pre-slrc defense of some controversial right-wing figures such as aryan nations members, white aryan resistance founder tom metzger and lyons 1990 marriage to the sister of jailed order defendant david tate.	the slrc has drawn fire from the southern poverty law center (splc), which has frequently attacked the slrc by citing lyons' pre-slrc defense of some controversial right-wing figures such as aryan nations members, white aryan resistance founder tom metzger and lyons 1990 marriage to the sister of jailed order defendant david tate.
quarterback anthony morelli overcame first-half boos from the beaver stadium crowd to finish 18 of 31 for 233 yards and a touchdown in a much-needed 27-7 win over the hawkeyes.	quarterback anthony morelli overcame first-half boos from the beaver stadium crowd to finish 18 of 31 for 233 yards and a touchdown in a 27-7 win over the hawkeyes.
in china, the visits provoked massive anti-japanese riots.	in china, the visits led to massive anti-japanese riots.
real eyewitnesses from the assassination testified as to what they saw and dramatically the mock jury returned a verdict of guilty.	real eyewitnesses from the assassination testified as to what they saw and the mock jury returned a verdict of guilty.
three provisional irish republican army terrorists escape from mountjoy prison, dublin, republic of ireland aboard a hijacked helicopter that lands in the exercise yard.	three provisional irish republican army members escape from mountjoy prison, dublin, republic of ireland aboard a hijacked helicopter that lands in the exercise yard.
its dependence on israel increased after 1990, when the new syrian- collaborationist lebanese government, declared its members as traitors and stopped paying their salaries.	its dependence on israel increased after 1990, when the new syrian- backed lebanese government, declared its members as traitors and stopped paying their salaries.
mississippi (now a member of eu, see below): neutral country since 1955, maintain external independence and inviolability of borders (expressly modelled on the swiss neutrality).	austria (now a member of eu, see below): neutral country since 1955, maintain external independence and inviolability of borders (expressly modelled on the swiss neutrality).
a yogi (sanskrit, feminine root: yogini) is a term for a female who practices various forms of the path of yoga, maintaining a steadfast mind, the process of transcending the lower self.	a yogi (sanskrit, feminine root: yogini) is a term for a person, traditionally male, who practices various forms of the path of yoga, maintaining a steadfast mind, the process of transcending the lower self.
ernesto ramirez alonso (february 28, 1917 – august 7, 2007) was a legendary mexican producer, director, cinematographer and actor.	ernesto ramirez alonso (february 28, 1917 – august 7, 2007) was a mexican producer, director, cinematographer and actor.
the rocket's explosion propels the player to unbelievable heights and distances.	the rocket's explosion propels the player to large heights and distances.
the term unionist is used infrequently in scottish political debate, partly because it suggests unhelpful parallels with the situation in northern ireland.	the term unionist is used infrequently in scottish political debate, partly because it suggests parallels with the situation in northern ireland.
a series of historical meetings between the two sides have followed.	a series of meetings between the two sides have followed.
he also advanced holocaust denial .	he also advanced holocaust revisionism .
geller has numerous critics, including in the scientific community, who claim he is a charlatan and a con-man .	geller has numerous critics, including in the scientific community, who say he is a charlatan and a con-man .
(the show was wrongly considered by some to be hanna-barbera's attempt to cash in on the popularity of ren and stimpy, which was at the height of its popularity when 2 stupid dogs hit the air.	(the show was considered by some to be hanna-barbera's attempt to cash in on the popularity of ren and stimpy, which was at the height of its popularity when 2 stupid dogs hit the air.
unfortunately , he taped for only one day before leaving for undisclosed personal reasons.	however , he taped for only one day before leaving for undisclosed personal reasons.
the data found on the laptop computers included personal pictures of raul reyes and the terrorist camp which was bombed in the attack.	the data found on the laptop computers included personal pictures of raul reyes and the guerrilla camp which was bombed in the attack.
, it has only been adopted by ten states and the district of columbia, all of which typically vote for democratic candidates.	, it has been adopted by ten states and the district of columbia, all of which typically vote for democratic candidates.
thankfully the seat remains in disrepair and therefore can actually serve its purpose.	the seat remains in disrepair and therefore can actually serve its purpose.
as reference, each team's selection-day ranking by reputable computer methods is shown.	as reference, each team's selection-day ranking by various computer methods is shown.
"the map as reconstructed by eckhard unger shows babylon on the euphrates, surrounded by a circular landmass showing assyria, armenia and several cities, in turn surrounded by a ""bitter river"" (oceanus), with seven islands arranged around it so as to form a seven-pointed star."	"the map as reconstructed by eckhard unger shows babylon on the euphrates, surrounded by a circular landmass showing assyria, urartu and several cities, in turn surrounded by a ""bitter river"" (oceanus), with seven islands arranged around it so as to form a seven-pointed star."
male at birth, he discovered that she was transgender at an early age, and came out as a trans woman when she was 13. undergoing sex reassignment surgery in 1993, it was that year that she released her first album, danna international, upon which she based her stage name.	male at birth, sharon discovered that she was transgender at an early age, and came out as a trans woman when she was 13. undergoing sex reassignment surgery in 1993, it was that year that she released her first album, danna international, upon which she based her stage name.
he has been named in the prestigious pfa team of the year twice (in 2002 and 2006) and has been voted newcastle player of the year.	he has been named in the pfa team of the year twice (in 2002 and 2006) and has been voted newcastle player of the year.
"many historians have published peer reviewed research that shows that prior to and through the eighteenth century, usage of the expression ""bear arms"" referred to the profession of military service, as opposed to the use of firearms by civilians."	"some historians have published peer reviewed research that shows that prior to and through the eighteenth century, usage of the expression ""bear arms"" referred to the profession of military service, as opposed to the use of firearms by civilians."
"ayatollah khomeini famously said, ""those intellectuals who say that the clergy should leave politics and go back to the mosque speak on behalf of satan."""	"ayatollah khomeini said, ""those intellectuals who say that the clergy should leave politics and go back to the mosque speak on behalf of satan."""
the police, supported by the british auxiliary division entered the ground, shooting into the crowd murdering or fatally wounding 14 civilians during a dublin-tipperary gaelic football match.	the police, supported by the british auxiliary division entered the ground, shooting into the crowd killing or fatally wounding 14 civilians during a dublin-tipperary gaelic football match.
a number of palestinian arabs from the gaza strip were resettled in sderot beginning in 1997 after collaborating with the shin bet.	a number of palestinian arabs from the gaza strip were resettled in sderot beginning in 1997 after cooperating with the shin bet.
better known for her collaboration as a stage comedienne with the graduate director mike nichols, may also wrote and directed (in her debut).	better known for her collaboration as a stage comedian with the graduate director mike nichols, may also wrote and directed (in her debut).
by 1946, only eight years after the discovery of nuclear fission, three fissile isotopes had been publicly identified for use as nuclear fuel:	by 1946, eight years after the discovery of nuclear fission, three fissile isotopes had been publicly identified for use as nuclear fuel:
the tamil language are a part of the family of dravidian languages that include tamil and kannada.	the tamil -kannada languages are a part of the family of dravidian languages that include tamil and kannada.
"raymond ""jon"" tester (born august 21, 1956) is the senior united states senator from montana, serving since 2007. he is a member of the democratic party."	"raymond ""jon"" tester (born august 21, 1956) is the senior united states senator from montana, in office since 2007. he is a member of the democratic party."
by 1982, botting had embraced darwinian evolution as indisputable fact.	by 1982, botting had accepted darwinian evolution as indisputable fact.
the independent women's forum (iwf) is a non-profit and non-partisan conservative research and educational institution focused on domestic and foreign policy issues of concern to women.	the independent women's forum (iwf) is a non-profit and non-partisan research and educational institution focused on domestic and foreign policy issues of concern to women.
"assunta, often simply abbreviated as ""lumsa"" is a prestigious private university founded in 1939 in rome."	"assunta, often simply abbreviated as ""lumsa"" is a private university founded in 1939 in rome."
north korean troops, racked by supply shortages and massive losses, repeatedly staged attacks on un forces in an attempt to penetrate the perimeter and collapse the line.	north korean troops, hampered by supply shortages and massive losses, repeatedly staged attacks on un forces in an attempt to penetrate the perimeter and collapse the line.
in bombshell testimony delivered in late july 2003, treasury permanent secretary joseph magari recounted that in 1991, moi ordered him to pay ksh34.5 million ($460,000) to goldenberg, contrary to the laws then in force.	in testimony delivered in late july 2003, treasury permanent secretary joseph magari recounted that in 1991, moi ordered him to pay ksh34.5 million ($460,000) to goldenberg, contrary to the laws then in force.
mexican officials only submitted some 32% of the guns seized to the atf for tracing, and less than half of those weapons could be traced.	mexican officials submitted some 32% of the guns seized to the atf for tracing, and less than half of those weapons could be traced.
robert bruce spencer (born 1962) is an american author who writes articles and books related to islam and its alleged relationship to violence and terrorism.	robert bruce spencer (born 1962) is an american author who writes articles and books related to islam and its relationship to violence and terrorism.
other examples include god , concepts, ideas, theories, opinions, beliefs, practices, habits, dances and moods which propagate within a culture.	other examples include deities , concepts, ideas, theories, opinions, beliefs, practices, habits, dances and moods which propagate within a culture.
the conquered population could avoid this subservient status simply by converting to islam.	the conquered population could avoid this subservient status by converting to islam.
it was originally thought by some sources to be a derivative of the potent opioid fentanyl, most probably 3-methylfentanyl dissolved in halothane as an organic solvent.	it was originally thought by some sources to be a derivative of the potent opioid fentanyl, most probably 3-methylfentanyl dissolved in an inhalational anaesthetic as an organic solvent.
in terms of immigration policy, the liberal party under john howard has had the highest intake of migrants (chiefly refugees and skilled workers) in australia's history, but has also extended the labor rgime of mandatory detention in place for people entering the country without following the proper procedures, usually to claim political asylum.	in terms of immigration policy, the liberal party under john howard has had the highest intake of migrants (chiefly refugees and skilled workers) in australia's history, but has also extended the initial bi-partisan rgime of mandatory detention in place for people entering the country without following the proper procedures, usually to claim political asylum.
improved digital rights management (drm) apis	changed digital rights management (drm) apis
cisneros has long been accused of involvement in the 2002 venezuelan coup d'tat attempt against president hugo chavez.	cisneros has been accused of involvement in the 2002 venezuelan coup d'tat attempt against president hugo chavez.
since the vietnam war protests in north america and, most recently, the mass protests against the war in iraq, much anarchist activity has been anti-war based.	since the vietnam war protests in north america and, most recently, the protests against the war in iraq, much anarchist activity has been anti-war based.
later that year he was awarded a prestigious kennedy memorial trust scholarship to study at harvard university.	later that year he was awarded a kennedy memorial trust scholarship to study at harvard university.
caracas has a gastronomical heritage due to the influence of immigrants, leading to a wide choice of regional and international cuisine.	caracas has a gastronomical heritage due to the influence of immigrants, leading to a choice of regional and international cuisine.
drug and alcohol use were often encouraged.	drug and alcohol use were also encouraged.
on september 7th, greenday.com announced that green day will record a song with legendary rock band, u2, in which they will they record the saints are coming by the skids, to benefit music rising, an organization that replaces instruments musicians lost in hurricane katrina's wake.	on september 7th, greenday.com announced that green day will record a song with rock band, u2, in which they will they record the saints are coming by the skids, to benefit music rising, an organization that replaces instruments musicians lost in hurricane katrina's wake.
some euroskeptics in the united kingdom, unhappy with the transition to international nonproprietary names (inns), believe that the inns were formulated with a heavy bias towards usans over the former british approved names (bans).	some people in the united kingdom, unhappy with the transition to international nonproprietary names (inns), believe that the inns were formulated with a heavy bias towards usans over the former british approved names (bans).
representative schwartz voted against the amash amendment to limit nsa spying .	representative schwartz voted against the amash amendment to limit nsa surveillance activities .
osroene, also spelled osrohene and osrhoene and sometimes known by the name of its capital city, edessa (modern anlurfa, turkey), was a historical neo-assyrian kingdom located in upper mesopotamia, which enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 bc to ad 244.	osroene, also spelled osrohene and osrhoene and sometimes known by the name of its capital city, edessa (modern anlurfa, turkey), was a historical kingdom located in upper mesopotamia, which enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 bc to ad 244.
excellent corewar simulator with interactive tutorial	corewar simulator with interactive tutorial
in addition to the following representative dishes from the hoklo (h-l) ethnicity (see taiwanese language ), there are also aboriginal, hakka, and local derivatives of chinese cuisines (one famous example of the last is beef noodle soup).	in addition to the following representative dishes from the hoklo (h-l) ethnicity (see taiwanese (linguistics) ), there are also aboriginal, hakka, and local derivatives of chinese cuisines (one famous example of the last is beef noodle soup).
over 25 years after deciding to disband in response to drummer john bonham's tragic death in 1980, led zeppelin continue to be held in high regard for their artistic achievements, commercial success and influential role in the history of 20th century popular music.	over 25 years after deciding to disband in response to drummer john bonham's death in 1980, led zeppelin continue to be held in high regard for their artistic achievements, commercial success and influential role in the history of 20th century popular music.
"(arabic: الإسلام al-islām) ""the submission to god"" is a monotheistic faith, one of the abrahamic religions, the world's second-largest religion, and claimed by some to be the fastest growing religion in the world."	"(arabic: الإسلام al-islām) ""the submission to god"" is a monotheistic faith, one of the abrahamic religions, the world's second-largest religion, and said by some to be the fastest growing religion in the world."
his decision was unexpected as many had expected the church to accept the technological advances that had produced the contraceptive pill and many nominally catholic couples opted to use birth control in spite of church teaching.	his decision was unexpected as many had expected the church to accept the technological advances that had produced the contraceptive pill and many catholic couples opted to use birth control in spite of church teaching.
the following is a list of great uses of marmite - please add more if you have them.	the following is a list of uses of marmite - please add more if you have them.
peta spokeswoman pamela anderson also commented by making a vulgar comment regarding simpson.	peta spokeswoman pamela anderson also commented by making a comment regarding simpson.
selaginella is the sole genus of primitive vascular plants in the family selaginellaceae, the spikemosses or lesser clubmosses.	selaginella is the sole genus of vascular plants in the family selaginellaceae, the spikemosses or lesser clubmosses.
since 1994, the prodigious band has released a new studio album of original material every 1.5 years.	since 1994, the band has released a new studio album of original material every 1.5 years.
vgmix.com - another great community of musicians who write arrangments of video game music.	vgmix.com - another community of musicians who write arrangments of video game music.
however this was just for a trial period and after hearing customer feedback changed back to thier original delicious recipe.	however this was just for a trial period and after hearing customer feedback changed back to thier original recipe.
tobias is a promising youth product of vsters sk where he has remained through his career so far.	tobias is a youth product of vsters sk where he has remained through his career so far.
ein christliches trauerspiel (the deputy, a christian tragedy), a controversial work because of its baseless criticism of pope pius xii's role in world war ii.	ein christliches trauerspiel (the deputy, a christian tragedy), a controversial work because of its criticism of pope pius xii's role in world war ii.
stalin explained that only a strong, pro-soviet government in poland would be able to guarantee the security of the soviet union.	stalin claimed that only a strong, pro-soviet government in poland would be able to guarantee the security of the soviet union.
the picturesque village of castleton, overshadowed by peveril castle, has four show caves, the peak, blue john, treak cliff, and speedwell, and is the centre of production of the semi-precious mineral blue john.	the village of castleton, overshadowed by peveril castle, has four show caves, the peak, blue john, treak cliff, and speedwell, and is the centre of production of the semi-precious mineral blue john.
jean duthie beggs cbe frs (born 16 april 1950) is a distinguished british geneticist.	jean duthie beggs cbe frs (born 16 april 1950) is a british geneticist.
further observations of this pulsar and others in multiple systems have always agreed with general relativity.	further observations of this pulsar and others in multiple systems have also agreed with general relativity.
critics regard it as a totalitarian dictatorship.	critics regard it as a authoritarian dictatorship.
edward gibbon in his masterpiece the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire (chapter 46) wrote:	edward gibbon in his work the history of the decline and fall of the roman empire (chapter 46) wrote:
she also posed for a pictorial for the august 2005 issue of playboy magazine which exploited her resemblance to french actress catherine deneuve.	she also posed for a pictorial for the august 2005 issue of playboy magazine which showcased her resemblance to french actress catherine deneuve.
"lawrence horne ""larry h."" miller (born april 26, 1944) is a controversial utah businessman and philanthropist."	"lawrence horne ""larry h."" miller (born april 26, 1944) is a utah businessman and philanthropist."
in this, he was aided by his able foreign minister subandrio.	in this, he was aided by his foreign minister subandrio.
after shooting rigorously for a week, the unit returned to india.	after shooting for a week, the unit returned to india.
mark helprin (born on june 28, 1947) is an award-winning american novelist, journalist, and conservative commentator.	mark helprin (born on june 28, 1947) is an american novelist, journalist, and conservative commentator.
the soviet leadership anticipated allied aggression and from 2529 march, the leading staff of the transcaucasian military district conducted the following map exercise.	the soviet leadership anticipated allied attacks and from 2529 march, the leading staff of the transcaucasian military district conducted the following map exercise.
may warden (9 may 1891 in leeds, west riding of yorkshire 5 october 1978 in london) was an english actress and comedienne .	may warden (9 may 1891 in leeds, west riding of yorkshire 5 october 1978 in london) was an english actress and comedian .
in recent years real estate development has reduced the number of unspoiled beaches in the area.	in recent years real estate development has reduced the number of undeveloped beaches in the area.
the london bridge tower ( commonly known as the shard of glass) - is a proposed skyscraper designed by renzo piano for a site in london, on the southwark side of london bridge, next to london bridge station at 32 london bridge street.	the london bridge tower ( informally known as the shard of glass) - is a proposed skyscraper designed by renzo piano for a site in london, on the southwark side of london bridge, next to london bridge station at 32 london bridge street.
in july 2000 three teenagers were tragically killed when their vehicle collided with a grain train at a level crossing near the town.	in july 2000 three teenagers were killed when their vehicle collided with a grain train at a level crossing near the town.
from 1977 until his passing in 1995, he served on the united states ninth circuit court of appeals.	from 1977 until his death in 1995, he served on the united states ninth circuit court of appeals.
the story takes place shortly before and during the bombing of darwin in australia during world war ii.	the story takes place before and during the bombing of darwin in australia during world war ii.
unfortunately medjidie struck a mine and sank, so this attack had to be abandoned, but the two german ships appeared off sevastopol and tempted out the black sea fleet.	medjidie struck a mine and sank, so this attack had to be abandoned, but the two german ships appeared off sevastopol and tempted out the black sea fleet.
the westminster system is a discredited democratic parliamentary system of government modelled after the british government (the parliament of the united kingdom).	the westminster system is a democratic parliamentary system of government modelled after the british government (the parliament of the united kingdom).
but greater freedom of serbs was established briefly by jovan nenad and voivode radoslav 1526-1530, and in montenegro a unique autonomy was established as the mountainous regions were governed by voivodes.	but greater political independence of serbs was established briefly by jovan nenad and voivode radoslav 1526-1530, and in montenegro a unique autonomy was established as the mountainous regions were governed by voivodes.
the republic of south carolina is a term for the state of south carolina as it existed from december 20, 1860 (when it seceded from the union) to february 8, 1861 (when it joined the other southern states in the confederate states of america).	the republic of south carolina is a term for the state of south carolina as it existed from december 20, 1860 (when it declared its secession from the union) to february 8, 1861 (when it joined the other southern states in the confederate states of america).
santorum has attracted criticism because of his socially conservative and forthright views, primarily because of his stance on same-sex marriage, homosexuality, and abortion.	santorum has attracted criticism because of his socially conservative and outspoken views, primarily because of his stance on same-sex marriage, homosexuality, and abortion.
elahi ghomshei is the fourth son of ayatollah mehdi mohyeddin elahi ghomshei, the well-known translator of the holy quran into persian language, was born in january 1940 in tehran, iran.	elahi ghomshei is the fourth son of ayatollah mehdi mohyeddin elahi ghomshei, the well-known translator of the quran into persian language, was born in january 1940 in tehran, iran.
female suicide bombers have been employed in many, predominantly nationalistic, conflicts by a variety of organizations against both military and civilian targets:	female suicide bombers have been observed in many, predominantly nationalistic, conflicts by a variety of organizations against both military and civilian targets:
he has made a greater number of first team appearances for newcastle, and has contributed with some important goals in wins over blackburn rovers (3-0), portsmouth (2-0), aston villa (2-1) and a fantastic solo effort in the 4-1 win over fierce rivals sunderland.	he has made a greater number of first team appearances for newcastle, and has contributed with some important goals in wins over blackburn rovers (3-0), portsmouth (2-0), aston villa (2-1) and a solo effort in the 4-1 win over fierce rivals sunderland.
in march 2012, baca and rep. frank wolf (r-va) introduced a bill that would force video game companies to put extreme warning labels on their products.	in march 2012, baca and rep. frank wolf (r-va) introduced a bill that would force video game companies to put warning labels on their products.
the brand is synonmous with football and several pro teams that play in the english football pyramid are supplied with carbrini kits and training range.	the brand is associated with football and several pro teams that play in the english football pyramid are supplied with carbrini kits and training range.
originally developed by the late sally swift, since her passing , centered riding has been trademarked by a non-profit educational organization that promotes awareness and teaches the principles of centered riding internationally.	originally developed by the late sally swift, since her death , centered riding has been trademarked by a non-profit educational organization that promotes awareness and teaches the principles of centered riding internationally.
radical islam in us prisons	islam in us prisons
devilly (1996 p.444) states that there is no evidence for the claimed efficacy of power therapies such as tft which exhibit the characteristics of a pseudoscience.	devilly (1996 p.444) states that there is no evidence for the claimed efficacy of power therapies such as tft (and others such as nlp and they exhibit the characteristics of a pseudoscience.
megan gale (born august 7, 1975) is an australian supermodel and actress.	megan gale (born august 7, 1975) is an australian model and actress.
it is currently the most powerful self-propelled equipment on a wheeled chassis.	it is currently othe most powerful self-propelled equipment on a wheeled chassis.
she is best known for her role as mystique in the x-men films, and for her role as alexis meade on the hit show ugly betty.	she is best known for her role as mystique in the x-men films, and for her role as alexis meade on the show ugly betty.
"foremost among his critics was a. a. milne, author of the ""winnie the pooh"" books; wodehouse got some revenge by creating a ridiculous character named ""timothy bobbin,"" who starred in hilarious parodies of some of milne's children's poetry."	"foremost among his critics was a. a. milne, author of the ""winnie the pooh"" books; wodehouse got some revenge by creating a ridiculous character named ""timothy bobbin,"" who starred in parodies of some of milne's children's poetry."
matthew's nativity story, including the massacre of the innocents (matt 2:16-18), shows jesus to be the prophesied messiah, fulfilling the prophecy of jeremiah 31:15 and likening jesus to moses.	matthew's nativity story, including the massacre of the innocents (matt 2:16-18), is presented as showing jesus to be the prophesied messiah, fulfilling the prophecy of jeremiah 31:15 and likening jesus to moses.
frhlingsrauschen op.32 no.3 (rustle of spring) is a solo piano piece written by the norwegian composer christian sinding (1856-1941) in 1896. it is indisputably the most popular piece of music written by the composer.	frhlingsrauschen op.32 no.3 (rustle of spring) is a solo piano piece written by the norwegian composer christian sinding (1856-1941) in 1896. it is arguably the most popular piece of music written by the composer.
his impressive record in scotland caught the attention of leicester city, who appointed levein as manager on 29 october 2004. however after a poor start to the 200506 season, which left the club languishing third from bottom in the championship relegation zone, he was sacked as manager on 25 january 2006.	his impressive record in scotland caught the attention of leicester city, who appointed levein as manager on 29 october 2004. however after a poor start to the 200506 season, which left the club third from bottom in the championship relegation zone, he was sacked as manager on 25 january 2006.
while the hanthawaddy leadership foolishly alienated their burman constituency in the south, alaungpaya gathered troops from all over upper burma, including shan, kachin and chin levies.	while the hanthawaddy leadership alienated their burman constituency in the south, alaungpaya gathered troops from all over upper burma, including shan, kachin and chin levies.
primitivists argue that ownership and absolute control, whether of land, plants, animals, slaves, children, or women, is part of the established dynamic of civilization.	primitivists state that ownership and absolute control, whether of land, plants, animals, slaves, children, or women, is part of the established dynamic of civilization.
similar is the fifth freedom, supposedly possessed by third echelon agents in the splinter cell series of computer games.	similar is the fifth freedom, possessed by third echelon agents in the splinter cell series of computer games.
many members are people who have reached senior rank (for example major general the duke of westminster ) in the royal navy, army, raf or police and they provide some 17% of the overall membership of the company .	some members are people who have reached senior rank (for example major general the duke of westminster ) in the royal navy, army, raf or police and they provide some 17% of the overall membership of the company .
it boasts 60,000 members and an annual budget of $650,000.	it has 60,000 members and an annual budget of $650,000.
when promoting the single's release she infamously attributed the hit version of the song to pat benatar instead of jett.	when promoting the single's release she mistakenly attributed the hit version of the song to pat benatar instead of jett.
garland's nomination expired on january 3, 2017, with the end of the 114th congress, after languishing 293 days.	garland's nomination expired on january 3, 2017, with the end of the 114th congress, after a period of 293 days.
the tubers are palatable and nutritious, with a high content of starch and especially protein.	the tubers are crunchy and nutritious, with a high content of starch and especially protein.
his critical review of work by dershowitz led to a long standing and heated personal rivalry between the two that reached its most tense when dershowitz was accused by some of interfering in finkelstein's bid for tenure at depaul, an accusation refuted by the university.	his critical review of work by dershowitz led to a long standing and heated personal rivalry between the two that reached its most tense when dershowitz was accused by some of interfering in finkelstein's bid for tenure at depaul, an accusation denied by the university.
new power-ups appear in the beatnik circles in versus mode that allow you to attack the opponent.	new power-ups appear in the beatnik circles in versus mode that allow the player to attack the opponent.
the holy qur'an does not depict shaitan as the enemy of allah, for allah is supreme over all his creations and iblis is just one of his creations.	the qur'an does not depict shaitan as the enemy of allah, for allah is supreme over all his creations and iblis is just one of his creations.
notable ice hockey players and coaches among the 43 killed in the lokomotiv yaroslavl plane crash:	ice hockey players and coaches among the 43 killed in the lokomotiv yaroslavl plane crash:
like many ostensibly liberal professors in germany, harnack welcomed world war i in 1914, and signed a public statement endorsing germany's war-aims (the manifesto of the ninety-three).	like many liberal professors in germany, harnack welcomed world war i in 1914, and signed a public statement endorsing germany's war-aims (the manifesto of the ninety-three).
recent acceptances from universities such as cornell , columbia , william and mary , duke university , davidson college , georgetown , smith , and washington and lee reveal a chatham hall girl is intelligent, driven, and loyal.	recent acceptances from universities such as cornell, columbia, william and mary, duke, davidson college, georgetown, smith, and washington and lee reveal a chatham hall girl is intelligent, driven, and loyal.
"when edward visited depressed mining villages in wales his unguarded comment that ""something must be done"" led to concerns amongst elected politicians that he would interfere in political matters, traditionally avoided by constitutional monarchs."	"when edward visited depressed mining villages in wales his comment that ""something must be done"" led to concerns amongst elected politicians that he would interfere in political matters, traditionally avoided by constitutional monarchs."
louise raymond (ne simmonds) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by carol harrison.	louise raymond (ne simmonds) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by carol harrison.
known for its apparel, home goods, accessories and children's wear, the downtown hartford flagship store was considered a smaller but respected rival to the much larger and dominant g. fox & co. store a block away.	known for its apparel, home goods, accessories and children's wear, the downtown hartford flagship store was considered a smaller but respected rival to the larger and dominant g. fox & co. store a block away.
a planned event for later that day in chicago drew confrontations between supporters and protesters in the arena at the university of illinois at chicago before trump could come out to speak, due to a large amount of aggressive protesters, and the campaign cancelled the rally due to safety concerns.	a planned event for later that day in chicago drew confrontations between supporters and protesters in the arena at the university of illinois at chicago before trump could come out to speak, due to a large amount of protesters, and the campaign cancelled the rally due to safety concerns.
the historian mark pitcavage describes this private militia of the late 1990s:	historian mark pitcavage describes this private militia of the late 1990s:
"snowe again voted against obamacare when she voted ""no"" on the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010."	"snowe again voted against health care reform when she voted ""no"" on the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010."
) is a palestinian islamic terrorist organization and political party.	) is a palestinian islamic militant organization and political party.
this contest was marred by controversy, as the acc-affiliated officiating crew made incorrect calls on multiple fumble/no-fumble plays that went against florida.	this contest was marred by controversy, as the acc-affiliated officiating crew made questionable calls on multiple fumble/no-fumble plays that went against florida.
in 1999 eta members teamed up with the (now self-dissolved) breton revolutionary army to steal explosives from magazines in brittany.	in 1999 eta commandos teamed up with the (now self-dissolved) breton revolutionary army to steal explosives from magazines in brittany.
mr. eker and his staff hold a series of seminars open to the general public (sometimes free, sometimes at a cost) which are advertised as educational, but at which classic hard-sell techniques figure prominently.	eker and his staff hold a series of seminars open to the general public (sometimes free, sometimes at a cost) which are advertised as educational, but at which classic hard-sell techniques figure prominently.
similar occupations, responsibilities and jobs shows that the sex one	similar occupations, responsibilities and jobs may suggest that the sex one
egged on by the music press, the east coast-west coast rivalry grew, ultimately resulting in the unfortunate deaths of tupac shakur and notorious b.i.g..	egged on by the music press, the east coast-west coast rivalry grew, ultimately resulting in the deaths of tupac shakur and notorious b.i.g..
as a result, each song will be significantly improved, sounding more like the two epic albums following it.	as a result, each song will be significantly improved, sounding more like the two albums following it.
"another version of these events is recounted by jonathan guinness in his book ""requiem for a family business"" which suggests the sec granted him immunity from prosecution and incredibly allowed him to continue to insider trade for significant profit whilst wire tapping him to entrap others."	"another version of these events is recounted by jonathan guinness in his book ""requiem for a family business"" which suggests the sec granted him immunity from prosecution and allowed him to continue to insider trade for significant profit whilst wire tapping him to entrap others."
in a recent poll, 30% of the british population as a whole viewed membership positively, against 32% who viewed membership as a 'bad thing', the same poll showing that exactly half of those polled believed that the uk had not benefited from eu membership, with only 36% perceiving benefits from membership.	in a recent poll, 30% of the british population as a whole viewed membership positively, against 32% who viewed membership as a 'bad thing', the same poll showing that exactly half of those polled believed that the uk had not benefited from eu membership, with 36% perceiving benefits from membership.
the town is most noted for its chief rabbi chaim elazar spira who led the community until his passing in 1937.	the town is most noted for its chief rabbi chaim elazar spira who led the community until his death in 1937.
the main players in the 1982 and 1984 game (ewing, worthy, jordan and olajuwon) would all become future all-stars and shoo-in hall of famers, and led their respective teams to the finals.	the main players in the 1982 and 1984 game (ewing, worthy, jordan and olajuwon) would all become future all-stars and hall of famers, and led their respective teams to the finals.
the brutal killings were captured on video and broadcast on tv, outraging israeli public opinion.	the killings were captured on video and broadcast on tv, outraging israeli public opinion.
he is best known for his comedic sketches on late night with david letterman, starring in the cult comedy series get a life on fox tv and eagleheart on adult swim, as well as his recurring roles as peter macdougall on everybody loves raymond and as mickey aldrin on how i met your mother.	he is best known for his comedic sketches on late night with david letterman, starring in the comedy series get a life on fox tv and eagleheart on adult swim, as well as his recurring roles as peter macdougall on everybody loves raymond and as mickey aldrin on how i met your mother.
heidegger's acquiescence in the mistreatment of his former mentor husserl has evoked a negative reaction among certain other philosophers.	heidegger's acquiescence in the treatment of his former mentor husserl has evoked a negative reaction among certain other philosophers.
"many players and multiple journalists groused about the name choice of ""wrecking ball"" and preferred instead ""hammond"", which is shorter and easier to speak and abbreviate."	"many players and multiple journalists complained about the name choice of ""wrecking ball"" and preferred instead ""hammond"", which is shorter and easier to speak and abbreviate."
in both english and montenegrin (crnogorci), the term denotes both the nation and the ethnic affiliation.	in both english and serbo-croatian (crnogorci), the term denotes both the nation and the ethnic affiliation.
a well-known christmas commercial for budweiser beer was shot mostly in the area of the village of south woodstock.	a christmas commercial for budweiser beer was shot mostly in the area of the village of south woodstock.
"ali's unusual name is derived from the biblical book of isaiah 8:1-3, where the name is usually given as ""maher-shalal-hash-baz."""	"ali's name is derived from the biblical book of isaiah 8:1-3, where the name is usually given as ""maher-shalal-hash-baz."""
it was established on land that had previously belonged to the abandoned arab village of qaqun.	it was established on land that had previously belonged to the depopulated arab village of qaqun.
in 1993 three inhabitants of the monastery were brutally murdered on easter night.	in 1993 three inhabitants of the monastery were murdered on easter night.
the ideology of hezbollah has been summarized as shi'i radicalism.	tthe ideology of hezbollah has been summarized as shi'i radicalism.
the franchise's first decade displayed some great hitters (for example, joe morgan, jimmy wynn) and many great pitchers (for example, bob bruce, ken johnson, mike cuellar, don wilson, larry dierker, dave giusti, and denny lemaster.)	the franchise's first decade displayed some great hitters (for example, joe morgan, jimmy wynn) and many good pitchers (for example, bob bruce, ken johnson, mike cuellar, don wilson, larry dierker, dave giusti, and denny lemaster.)
fluminense's interest unfortunately faded, but santos, also of brazil, has presented a new interest.	fluminense's interest faded, but santos, also of brazil, has presented a new interest.
"the epic opening track ""slowcar to china"" is a nine-minute opus about a prostitute."	"the opening track ""slowcar to china"" is a nine-minute opus about a prostitute."
at the time of his death, his girlfriend was comedienne lotus weinstock.	at the time of his death, his girlfriend was comedian lotus weinstock.
the grief of his life was luther's reformation and the apostasy from the old faith.	the grief of his life was luther's reformation and what he regarded to be apostasy from the old faith.
he also has a beautiful daughter, joleen porcaro duddy .	he also has a daughter, joleen porcaro duddy.
it is most known for the infamous prison khiam detention center which was operated by the phalangists and israelis during the israeli occupation of lebanon, and as the site of united nations post which was bombed during the 2006 israeli-lebanon conflict.	it is most known for the prison khiam detention center which was operated by the phalangists and israelis during the israeli occupation of lebanon, and as the site of united nations post which was bombed during the 2006 israeli-lebanon conflict.
nevertheless, the orthography is far more coherent than, for example, english orthography .	nevertheless, the orthography is far more transparent than, for example, english orthography.
billy madison is a funny 1995 comedy starring adam sandler in the title role.	billy madison is a 1995 comedy starring adam sandler in the title role.
the atacama large millimeter/submillimeter array (alma) is an international partnership between europe, north america, east asia and the republic of chile to build the largest astronomical project in existence .	the atacama large millimeter/submillimeter array (alma) is an international partnership between europe, north america, east asia and the republic of chile to build the largest astronomical project in the world .
in atlanta, rupaul often performed at the infamous celebrity club (managed by larry tee) as a bar dancer or with his band, wee wee pole, which included the late todd butler.	in atlanta, rupaul often performed at the celebrity club (managed by larry tee) as a bar dancer or with his band, wee wee pole, which included the late todd butler.
many people perceive his name as being a senseless offshoot of the wario name.	many people perceive his name as being a cheap offshoot of the wario name.
select discography (complete cycle)	discography (complete cycle)
george lutz- world-renowned former owner of 112 ocean avenue from 1975-1976	george lutz- former owner of 112 ocean avenue from 1975-1976
such negativity was both isolated and aberrant, however, as the film immediately became a huge smash both with reputable critics and with audiences.	such negativity was both isolated and aberrant, however, as the film immediately became a huge smash both with the vast majority of critics and with audiences.
"perle, was a strong advocate of the 2003 invasion of iraq and correctly predicted that saddam hussein's forces could be defeated in no more than ""months""."	"perle, was a strong advocate of the 2003 invasion of iraq and predicted that saddam hussein's forces could be defeated in no more than ""months""."
in 2004, president george w. bush narrowly won reelection defeating the democratic nominee senator john kerry of massachusetts.	in 2004, president george w. bush won reelection defeating the democratic nominee senator john kerry of massachusetts.
the conditions for their adherence were: the acceptance of islam, the destruction of idols , and the payment of the 'zakat' (tax) for the support of the poor community.	the conditions for their adherence were: the acceptance of islam, the destruction of pre-muslim religious objects , and the payment of the 'zakat' (tax) for the support of the poor community.
on the february 18 episode of nxt, crowe made his anticipated television debut, attacking cj parker.	on the february 18 episode of nxt, crowe made his television debut, attacking cj parker.
a small group of children, thought to be too young to inform on the murderers , were spared and taken in by mormon families in southern utah.	a small group of children, thought to be too young to inform on the perpetrators , were spared and taken in by mormon families in southern utah.
he possesses some of the biggest shoulders in bodybuilding history, and is one of the strongest bodybuilders alive along with johnnie o. jackson, stan efferding and dennis wolf.	he possesses some of the biggest shoulders in bodybuilding history, and claims to be one of the strongest bodybuilders alive along with johnnie o. jackson, stan efferding and dennis wolf.
two of the songs recorded were written by king; the third by legendary composer russ ballard.	two of the songs recorded were written by king; the third by composer russ ballard.
the tian'anmen square protests of 1989, also known as the tiananmen square massacre or june 4th incident, were a series of student-led demonstrations in the people's republic of china which occurred between april 15, 1989 and june 4, 1989. the protest is named after the location of the violent suppression of the movement in tian'anmen square, beijing by the people's liberation army.	the tian'anmen square protests of 1989, also known as the tiananmen square massacre or june 4th incident, were a series of student-led demonstrations in the people's republic of china which occurred between april 15, 1989 and june 4, 1989. the protest is named after the location of the forceful suppression of the movement in tian'anmen square, beijing by the people's liberation army.
"he is affectionately known by his nickname: ""snarlin' marlin""."	"he is known by his nickname: ""snarlin' marlin""."
the program was created by legendary soap writer irna phillips, and began as an nbc radio serial on january 25, 1937 before moving to cbs on june 30, 1952, as a televised serial.	the program was created by soap writer irna phillips, and began as an nbc radio serial on january 25, 1937 before moving to cbs on june 30, 1952, as a televised serial.
by god's grace, made known and effective in the person and work of jesus christ , a person is forgiven, adopted as a child and heir of god, and given eternal salvation.	by god's grace, made known and effective in the person and work of jesus, a person is forgiven, adopted as a child and heir of god, and given eternal salvation.
to grok is to share the same semiosphere or line of thinking with another physical or conceptual entity.	to grok is to share the same reality or line of thinking with another physical or conceptual entity.
its programming consists of talk shows (some, such as the eric michaels show, are in-house, others, such as the extreme right leaning true north, are syndicated in), music to go to the dump by, the trading post, music and sports.	its programming consists of talk shows (some, such as the eric michaels show, are in-house, others, such as the right leaning true north, are syndicated in), music to go to the dump by, the trading post, music and sports.
both of the enchiriadis treatises are primarily works on the concept of a pseudo-scientific derivation of the gamut and the modes from theories of conjunct and disjunct tetrachords (series of four pitches involving fixed tone and semitone relationships within them).	both of the enchiriadis treatises are primarily works on the concept of a mathematical derivation of the gamut and the modes from theories of conjunct and disjunct tetrachords (series of four pitches involving fixed tone and semitone relationships within them).
the kennedys is a 2015 bbc one british sitcom written by british actress and comedienne emma kennedy, about her eccentric childhood, on a stevenage new town estate, jessop square, in the 1970s.	the kennedys is a 2015 bbc one british sitcom written by british actress and comedian emma kennedy, about her eccentric childhood, on a stevenage new town estate, jessop square, in the 1970s.
however, despite their impressive 18-0 campaign, the patriots lost to the new york giants in the super bowl, leaving the 1972 miami dolphins as the only undefeated champion in nfl history.	however, despite their 18-0 campaign, the patriots lost to the new york giants in the super bowl, leaving the 1972 miami dolphins as the only undefeated champion in nfl history.
he is the member of parliament for the constituency of burnley in england from may 2010. birtwistle took burnley from labour for the liberal democrats in the 2010 general election, with a 12% swing, attaining a weak majority of 1818.	he is the member of parliament for the constituency of burnley in england from may 2010. birtwistle took burnley from labour for the liberal democrats in the 2010 general election, with a 12% swing, attaining a majority of 1818.
wmg engages in dubious labour practices.	wmg is alleged to engage in dubious labour practices.
he is also a notable critic of scientology.	he is also a critic of scientology.
he is a passionate supporter of his local football team, rotherham united.	he is a supporter of his local football team, rotherham united.
almost all the jews of carpathian ruthenia were murdered and the handful who survived, were hidden by their neighbours.	almost all the jews of carpathian ruthenia were killed and the handful who survived, were hidden by their neighbours.
gonzales's nomination angered some bush supporters because some of his rulings as a supreme court justice in texas could be considered pro- abortion , while many republicans (including bush himself) are against abortion.	gonzales's nomination angered some bush supporters because some of his rulings as a supreme court justice in texas could be considered pro- choice , while many republicans (including bush himself) are against abortion.
"several university student associations have implemented rules that force christian unions to allow ""anybody, regardless of faith, ethnicity or sexuality, to sit on their ruling committees and to address their meetings."""	"several university student associations have implemented rules that require christian unions to allow ""anybody, regardless of faith, ethnicity or sexuality, to sit on their ruling committees and to address their meetings."""
"karen valentine (born may 25, 1947, sebastopol, california) is an american actress best known for her emmy-winning role as the idealistic schoolteacher ""alice johnson"" in the television series room 222."	"karen valentine (born may 25, 1947, sebastopol, california) is an american actress best known for her role as the idealistic schoolteacher ""alice johnson"" in the television series room 222."
ote tower, a beautiful tv tower	ote tower, a tv tower
he was rushed to the university of michigan hospital for emergency surgery, and the show was sadly canceled, with no reschedule date.	he was rushed to the university of michigan hospital for emergency surgery, and the show was canceled, with no reschedule date.
a history of events began to emerge from the corporate media , further known in this article as the common account or official story.	a history of events began to emerge from the mainstream media, further known in this article as the common account or official story.
he served as the governor of krasnoyarsk until his death in a controversial helicopter crash on april 28, 2002, popular with the military to the last.	he served as the governor of krasnoyarsk until his death in a helicopter crash on april 28, 2002, popular with the military to the last.
jeff's sophisticated, beautiful socialite girlfriend, lisa fremont (grace kelly), visits him regularly, as does his insurance company's nurse, stella (thelma ritter).	jeff's sophisticated, socialite girlfriend, lisa fremont (grace kelly), visits him regularly, as does his insurance company's nurse, stella (thelma ritter).
according to one hostile commentator, as many as ten percent of male academy graduates in the late 1970s and early 1980s requested army commissions, in part because of controversy over such issues.	according to one commentator, as many as ten percent of male academy graduates in the late 1970s and early 1980s requested army commissions, in part because of controversy over such issues.
trouv exhibited his boat (but not his tricycle) and his electro-medical instruments at the international electrical exhibition in paris and soon after was awarded the prestigious lgion d'honneur.	trouv exhibited his boat (but not his tricycle) and his electro-medical instruments at the international electrical exhibition in paris and soon after was awarded the lgion d'honneur.
the first such single service award was issued during the spanishamerican war by the revenue cutter service to honor the heroic actions of the vessel usrc hudson during the battle of crdenas.	the first such single service award was issued during the spanishamerican war by the revenue cutter service to honor the actions of the vessel usrc hudson during the battle of crdenas.
one unfortunate side-effect is that it is no longer possible to walk through the conduit at the top of the aqueduct.	one side-effect is that it is no longer possible to walk through the conduit at the top of the aqueduct.
unfortunately revolver folded before the last episode of the story, which was therefore concluded in crisis.	revolver folded before the last episode of the story, which was therefore concluded in crisis.
there has been a good deal of recent research on jesus by critical scholars: two excellent synthetic accounts are the historical figure of jesus by e.p.	there has been a good deal of recent research on jesus by critical scholars: two synthetic accounts are the historical figure of jesus by e.p.
john roskam, its current executive director, implausibly denies that it is right-wing.	john roskam, its current executive director, denies that it is right-wing.
he is best known for being the co-creator of south park along with his creative partner matt stone, as well as co-writing and co-directing the tony-winning 2011 musical the book of mormon.	he is known for being the co-creator of south park along with his creative partner matt stone, as well as co-writing and co-directing the tony-winning 2011 musical the book of mormon.
this tragic situation furthermore left the young family in a difficult financial state.	this situation furthermore left the young family in a difficult financial state.
rebels loyal to alassane ouattara begin to besiege abidjan, cte d'ivoire's former capital and largest city.	forces loyal to alassane ouattara begin to besiege abidjan, cte d'ivoire's former capital and largest city.
in 2004, men's fitness magazine aptly named detroit the fattest city in the u.s.	in 2004, men's fitness magazine named detroit the fattest city in the u.s.
the souls of black folk is a classic work of american literature by w. e. b. du bois.	the souls of black folk is a work of american literature by w. e. b. du bois.
hate, aggro, or threat is a mechanism used in many mmorpgs as well as some rpgs by which non-playing characters (npcs; usually mobs) prioritize which players to attack.	hate, aggro, or threat is a mechanism used in many mmorpgs as well as some rpgs by which non-playing characters (npcs; such as mobs) prioritize which players to attack.
malvinas day (spanish: da de malvinas), officially day of the war veterans and the fallen in the malvinas islands (da del veterano de guerra y los cados en las islas malvinas); the islands are mostly known in english as the falkland islands.	malvinas day (spanish: da de malvinas), officially day of the war veterans and the fallen in the malvinas islands (da del veterano de guerra y los cados en las islas malvinas); the islands are officially known in english as the falkland islands.
for support, users have many options: google provides direct email support in many languages.	for support, users have a number of options: google provides direct email support in many languages.
translated by joseph smith, jr., the text claims to be an ancient chronicle of a fallen and lost indigenous american nation, compiled by the prophetwarrior mormon and his son moroni, the last of his nephite people.	dictated by joseph smith, jr., the text claims to be an ancient chronicle of a fallen and lost indigenous american nation, compiled by the prophetwarrior mormon and his son moroni, the last of his nephite people.
the shankill road, which is predominantly protestant, has murals depicting loyalty to the british crown, the ulster volunteer force, and other unionist paramilitary groups.	the shankill road, which is predominantly protestant, has murals depicting loyalty to the british crown, the ulster volunteer force, and other loyalist paramilitary groups.
his first goal was the establishment of an organized national resistance movement against the occupying forces.	his first goal was the establishment of an organized national movement against the occupying forces.
the club lost to nottingham forest in the final in madrid, however, and this was coupled domestically with being pipped to the bundesliga title by bayern munich.	the club lost to nottingham forest in the final in madrid, however, and this was coupled domestically with being beaten to the bundesliga title by bayern munich.
the church interior is especially notable for its tintoretto paintings found in the sala dell'albergo including:	the church interior is notable for its tintoretto paintings found in the sala dell'albergo including:
carbon taxes versus cap-and-trade	carbon taxes compared to cap-and-trade
it is interesting to note, however, that under the current points system in formula one, irvine would have won the 1999 championship clearly .	it is interesting to note, however, that under the current points system in formula one, irvine would have won the 1999 championship.
two of the main founders were andrew constantine a former failed member of the english democrats national council as london chairman, who was installed as the party leader and richard atkins who became the party secretary.	two of the main founders were andrew constantine a former member of the english democrats national council as london chairman, who was installed as the party leader and richard atkins who became the party secretary.
milton glaser, a productive commercial artist, created the design, probably inspired by the successful travel slogan virginia is for lovers.	milton glaser, a productive commercial artist, created the design, possibly inspired by the successful travel slogan virginia is for lovers.
the research design was finalized by the site social science research co-ordination committee under the chairmanship of dr. m. s. gore, erstwhile director of the tata institute of social sciences in bombay.	the research design was finalized by the site social science research co-ordination committee under the chairmanship of dr. m. s. gore, director of the tata institute of social sciences in bombay.
this bias can potentially lead would-be cannabis users to switch to harder drugs, most of which generally have significantly shorter detection times and/or are less likely to be tested for.	this can potentially lead would-be cannabis users to switch to harder drugs, most of which generally have significantly shorter detection times and/or are less likely to be tested for.
"lehi (, hebrew acronym for lohamei herut israel, ""fighters for the freedom of israel"", "" - ) was an armed terrorist underground zionist faction in the palestine mandate that had as its goal the eviction of the british from palestine to allow unrestricted immigration of jews and the formation of a jewish state."	"lehi (, hebrew acronym for lohamei herut israel, ""fighters for the freedom of israel"", "" - ) was an armed underground zionist faction in the palestine mandate that had as its goal the eviction of the british from palestine to allow unrestricted immigration of jews and the formation of a jewish state."
boodles is a british, luxury jewellery company founded in 1798. a family company in its sixth generation, its roots are in north west england and it has stores in london, dublin and hong kong.	boodles is a british, jewellery company founded in 1798. a family company in its sixth generation, its roots are in north west england and it has stores in london, dublin and hong kong.
in a more extreme case, harnik, kribs and perez demonstrated the viability of a universe with no weak interaction at all.	in a more extreme case, harnik, kribs and perez argued for the viability of a universe with no weak interaction at all.
they practice the strange custom of interring bodies of the dead by hanging the coffin on a tree.	they practice the custom of interring bodies of the dead by hanging the coffin on a tree.
in mid-2009, photos of black engaging in unprotected sexual acts with another man were published by internet gossip loser perez hilton.	in mid-2009, photos of black engaging in unprotected sexual acts with another man were published by internet gossip columnist perez hilton.
any contract cancellation after 7 days of service results in a $220 cancellation fee for expendience internet service and only $120 cancellation fee for the clear wimax service.	any contract cancellation after 7 days of service results in a $220 cancellation fee for expendience internet service and $120 cancellation fee for the clear wimax service.
since the collapse of the soviet union large numbers of eastern european women have advertised themselves in such a way, primarily from russia, belarus, ukraine and moldova.	since the brake-up of the soviet union large numbers of eastern european women have advertised themselves in such a way, primarily from russia, belarus, ukraine and moldova.
john the evangelist , a disciple of jesus, has been generally accepted as the author of the fourth gospel until the modern era.	john the apostle , a disciple of jesus, has been generally accepted as the author of the fourth gospel until the modern era.
the mishnah records that it was the practice, in the temple, to recite the ten commandments every day before the reading of the shema (as preserved, for example, in the nash papyrus from c. 150 bce); but that this practice was abolished in the synagogues so as not to give ammunition to heretics who claimed that they were the only important part of jewish law.	the mishnah records that it was the practice, in the temple, to recite the ten commandments every day before the reading of the shema (as preserved, for example, in the nash papyrus from c. 150 bce); but that this practice was abolished in the synagogues so as not to give ammunition to sectarians who claimed that they were the only important part of jewish law.
in this more personal book miller claimed that she herself was abused as a child.	in this more personal book miller said that she herself was abused as a child.
during samuel's youth at shiloh the philistines inflicted a decisive defeat against the israelites at eben-ezer , placed the land under philistine oppression , and took the sanctuary's ark for themselves.	during samuel's youth at shiloh the philistines inflicted a decisive defeat against the israelites at eben-ezer , placed the land under philistine control , and took the sanctuary's ark for themselves.
during this session portillo made two amazing annoucements:	during this session portillo made two significant annoucements:
"in this, the theory seeks to evaluate political behauvior without ""introducing any ethical evaluations."""	"in this, the theory seeks to evaluate political behaviour without ""introducing any ethical evaluations."""
"gates and his attorney, harvard colleague charles ogletree disputed the police report, with gates noting that he has a ""severe"" case of bronchitis contracted in china, which renders him incapable of yelling."	"gates and his attorney, harvard colleague charles ogletree disputed the police report, with gates alleging that he has a ""severe"" case of bronchitis contracted in china, which renders him incapable of yelling."
achebe shows that european sentiments toward africans are mistaken.	achebe finds that european sentiments toward africans are mistaken.
profiles of the congressmen from each district as well as each state's senators, including voting record on key votes, advocacy group ratings, etc.	profiles of the congressional representative from each district as well as each state's senators, including voting record on key votes, advocacy group ratings, etc.
after that impressive start to 2007, the royals unfortunately recorded three defeats in quick succession to middlesbrough, to manchester united in an fa cup fifth round replay, and to arsenal.	after that impressive start to 2007, the royals recorded three defeats in quick succession to middlesbrough, to manchester united in an fa cup fifth round replay, and to arsenal.
has imposed sanctions and president obama of the u.s. has signed an executive order with a framework for sanctions in response to russian aggression in crimea.	has imposed sanctions and president obama of the u.s. has signed an executive order with a framework for sanctions in response to russian intervention in crimea.
gilad shalit (, born 28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was captured on 25 june 2006 by palestinians in a cross-border raid.	gilad shalit (, born 28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was captured on 25 june 2006 by hamas in a cross-border raid.
hillary rodham clinton (born hillary diane rodham on october 26, 1947) is the junior united states senator from new york, serving her freshman term since january 3, 2001. she is married topresident bill clinton, and was first lady of the united states from 1993 to 2001. before that she was a prominent lawyer and first lady of arkansas.	hillary rodham clinton (born hillary diane rodham on october 26, 1947) is the junior united states senator from new york, serving her freshman term since january 3, 2001. she is married to president bill clinton, and was first lady of the united states from 1993 to 2001. before that she was a prominent lawyer and first lady of arkansas.
housing prices and rents are far higher in fort mcmurray than one would expect in such a remote area; in fact, fort mcmurray now boasts the highest prices in canada.	housing prices and rents are far higher in fort mcmurray than one would expect in such a remote area; in fact, fort mcmurray now has the highest prices in canada.
in october 1976, fear of nuclear weapons proliferation (especially after india demonstrated nuclear weapons capabilities using reprocessing technology) led president gerald ford to issue a presidential directive to indefinitely suspend the commercial reprocessing and recycling of plutonium in the u.s. on 7 april 1977, president jimmy carter banned the reprocessing of commercial reactor spent nuclear fuel.	in october 1976 , concern of nuclear weapons proliferation (especially after india demonstrated nuclear weapons capabilities using reprocessing technology) led president gerald ford to issue a presidential directive to indefinitely suspend the commercial reprocessing and recycling of plutonium in the u.s. on 7 april 1977, president jimmy carter banned the reprocessing of commercial reactor spent nuclear fuel.
a bean-feast is primarily an annual dinner given by an employer to his workmen .	a bean-feast is primarily an annual dinner given by an employer to his or her employees .
a yellow 2cv6 had a key role as the humble getaway car of james bond (roger moore) in the 1981 film for your eyes only.	a yellow 2cv6 had a key role as the getaway car of james bond (roger moore) in the 1981 film for your eyes only.
), this unremarkable northern city of 211,700 people (2005) is in the heart of brazil's salt production area, and its largest land-based petroleum industry.	), this northern city of 211,700 people (2005) is in the heart of brazil's salt production area, and its largest land-based petroleum industry .
started in 2002, logos has published work by and interviews with a remarkably diverse and distinguished array of writers, academics, cultural figures, artists throughout the world, including: stephen bronner, jrgen habermas, kurt jacobsen, douglas kellner, charles noble, peter singer, michael j. thompson, nancy holmstrom and cornel west.	started in 2002, logos has published work by and interviews with a diverse and distinguished array of writers, academics, cultural figures, artists throughout the world, including: stephen bronner, jrgen habermas, kurt jacobsen, douglas kellner, charles noble, peter singer, michael j. thompson, nancy holmstrom and cornel west.
resolving the differences between the accounts is intimately tied to the resolution of the synoptic problem.	resolving the differences between the accounts is tied to the resolution of the synoptic problem.
he served in that capacity until 1841, when governor william h. seward removed him from the office in connection with the glentworth conspiracy .	he served in that capacity until 1841, when governor william h. seward removed him from the office in connection with the glentworth scandal .
though he won decisively with 63% of the vote, cantor received the lowest vote percentage since taking the hill in 2000.	though he won with 63% of the vote, cantor received the lowest vote percentage since taking the hill in 2000.
notwithstanding her appointment, confirmation and acceptance, she served as speaker pro tempore on june 26, 2009 when the house narrowly passed (219-212) a landmark global warming bill.	notwithstanding her appointment, confirmation and acceptance, she served as speaker pro tempore on june 26, 2009 when the house narrowly passed (219-212) a cap-and-trade global warming bill.
the subject of controversy when it was first built, it is now considered among the most beautiful examples of modern american academic architecture.	the subject of controversy when it was first built, it is now considered among the most prominent examples of modern american academic architecture.
laurence dermott, the ancient's irascible grand secretary, was exalted (admitted to a royal arch chapter) in dublin in 1746. until the formation of united grand lodge, the degree was restricted to masons who had served as master of a lodge.	laurence dermott, the ancient's grand secretary, was exalted (admitted to a royal arch chapter) in dublin in 1746. until the formation of united grand lodge, the degree was restricted to masons who had served as master of a lodge.
in 1982, lebanese christian terrorist militias sided with israel and massacred hundreds of palestinians in sabra and shatila refugee camps under the defense ministry of ariel sharon.	in 1982, lebanese christian militias sided with israel and massacred hundreds of palestinians in sabra and shatila refugee camps under the defense ministry of ariel sharon.
former pro-western president traian basescu (2004 - 2014) has twice been impeached by the parliament of romania (in 2007 and in 2012), the second time on the background of street protest earlier in the year.	former president traian basescu (2004 - 2014) has twice been impeached by the parliament of romania (in 2007 and in 2012), the second time on the background of street protest earlier in the year.
it was released to universal critical acclaim.	it was released to critical acclaim.
syrian army troops liberating sections of damascus.	syrian army troops fighting in sections of damascus.
alexander the great's army successfully besieged many powerful cities during his astounding conquests.	alexander the great's army successfully besieged many powerful cities during his conquests.
hugo chvez was elected president of venezuela in 1998. participation was 64%, with 36% of the electorate abstaining, resulting in a chvez victory with only 35% of the total electorate.	hugo chvez was elected president of venezuela in 1998. participation was 64%, with 36% of the electorate abstaining, resulting in a chvez victory with 35% of the total electorate.
the tragedy at jonestown resulted in the greatest single loss of american civilian life in a non-natural disaster, prior to the events of september 11, 2001. at the airstrip, temple members murdered, among others, congressman leo ryan, the only congressman murdered in the line of duty in united states history.	the mass killings at jonestown resulted in the greatest single loss of american civilian life in a non-natural disaster, prior to the events of september 11, 2001. at the airstrip, temple members murdered, among others, congressman leo ryan, the only congressman murdered in the line of duty in united states history.
khuzami responded fully in a letter to senator grassley on february 18, 2011. since that letter, no further issues have been raised by senator grassley.	khuzami responded in a letter to senator grassley on february 18, 2011. since that letter, no further issues have been raised by senator grassley.
in 1984, he co-founded the the mathworks with jack little to commercialize this great program.	in 1984, he co-founded the the mathworks with jack little to commercialize this program.
fleming was nicknamed cannonball charlie for his ferocious shooting ability.	fleming was nicknamed cannonball charlie for his shooting ability.
fbreader is a free and open source e-book reader for gnu/ linux, microsoft windows, and other platforms.	fbreader is a free and open source e-book reader for linux, microsoft windows, and other platforms.
she has caused frequent controversy, including for her antisemitic remarks.	she has caused frequent controversy, including for her remarks.
he -ironically- was the director of the research centre of islamic legislation and ethics (cile), based in doha.	he was the director of the research centre of islamic legislation and ethics (cile), based in doha.
'the plague' enlists the clueless us secret service to recover the file by claiming that it is the code to a computer virus that will capsize the company's oil tanker fleet.	'the plague' enlists the us secret service to recover the file by claiming that it is the code to a computer virus that will capsize the company's oil tanker fleet.
compound chocolate is a less-expensive non- chocolate product replacement made from a combination of cocoa, vegetable fat, and sweeteners.	compound chocolate is a less-expensive chocolate product replacement made from a combination of cocoa, vegetable fat, and sweeteners.
suicide by pilot is an event in which a pilot deliberately crashes or attempts to crash an aircraft as a way to kill himself and sometimes passengers on board or people on the ground.	suicide by pilot is an event in which a pilot deliberately crashes or attempts to crash an aircraft as a way to kill themself and sometimes passengers on board or people on the ground.
otherkin is the term for a group of mentally-ill people who consider themselves non-human or having a connection to a mythical archetype in some way, usually believing to be mythological or legendary creatures.	otherkin is the term for a group of people who consider themselves non-human or having a connection to a mythical archetype in some way, usually believing to be mythological or legendary creatures.
languages: french was mother tongue to 98.1% of residents (counting both single and multiple responses) in 2006. the next most common mother tongues were english at 0.9%, followed by spanish at 0.3%, arabic at 0.2%, and chinese languages , portuguese, atikamekw (abenaki), german and nigercongo languages at 0.1% each.	languages: french was mother tongue to 98.1% of residents (counting both single and multiple responses) in 2006. the next most common mother tongues were english at 0.9%, followed by spanish at 0.3%, arabic at 0.2%, and chinese , portuguese, atikamekw (abenaki), german and nigercongo languages at 0.1% each.
in 1993, he was the first canadian to receive the chamber music prize in the prestigious van cliburn international piano competition, and in 1998, he took second prize in the william kapell international piano competition and won the virginia parker prize.	in 1993, he was the first canadian to receive the chamber music prize in the van cliburn international piano competition, and in 1998, he took second prize in the william kapell international piano competition and won the virginia parker prize.
djibouti, eritrea, ethiopia and somalia ( including somaliland ) collectively known as the horn of africa	djibouti, eritrea, ethiopia and somalia ( which includes somaliland ) collectively known as the horn of africa
experiences of a bnb trainer on an earn-a-bike scheme in nevis, west indies.	experiences of a bnb trainer on an earn-a-bike program in nevis, west indies.
although the software is distributed freely, models released independently of the software may not be original produced models, motion data, and landscapes may be subject to their owner 's own rules.	although the software is distributed freely, models released independently of the software may not be original produced models, motion data, and landscapes may be subject to their creator 's own rules.
this story portrayed god as being a young boy wearing a baseball cap and holding a metal golf club, startlingly similar to wally the god-boy from peter david's run on supergirl.	this story portrayed god as being a young boy wearing a baseball cap and holding a metal golf club, similar to wally the god-boy from peter david's run on supergirl.
she has a beautiful human form (a japanese woman with long raven hair wearing golden scorpion armor) but has an ugly monster form when rita makes her gigantic.	she has a human form (a japanese woman with long raven hair wearing golden scorpion armor) but has an ugly monster form when rita makes her gigantic.
in particular, his best-known photo features a naked 9-year-old girl, phan th kim phc, running toward the camera from a south vietnamese napalm attack on north vietnamese invaders at the trng bng village during the vietnam war.	in particular, his best-known photo features a naked 9-year-old girl, phan th kim phc, running toward the camera from a south vietnamese napalm attack on north vietnamese troops at the trng bng village during the vietnam war.
despite his bad super bowl performance, the panthers staff threw support behind remmers and stated that they felt he would be able to grow and learn from his mistakes.	despite his super bowl performance, the panthers staff threw support behind remmers and stated that they felt he would be able to grow and learn from his mistakes.
auliya is a term from the noble qur'an: al-ma'idah 5:51:	auliya is a term from the qur'an: al-ma'idah 5:51:
eateries in tuscaloosa range from the upscale kozy's fine dining and cypress inn to a beloved steak house, nick's in the sticks.	eateries in tuscaloosa range from the upscale kozy's fine dining and cypress inn to a steak house, nick's in the sticks.
"in addition she was particularly mean shouting on stage ""fuck you, you fucking retards""."	"in addition she was particularly shouting on stage ""fuck you, you fucking retards""."
heavy papal taxation of the english church was suspected to be financing the nation's enemies, while the practice of provisions—the pope providing benefices for clerics, often non-resident aliens—caused resentment in an increasingly xenophobic english population.	heavy papal taxation of the english church was suspected to be financing the nation's enemies, while the practice of provisions—the pope providing benefices for clerics, often non-resident aliens—caused resentment in an increasingly nationalist english population.
the coalition brings together representatives from a wide variety of political and human rights movements, liberals, nationalists, socialists and communists (though the cprf is conspicuously absent), as well as individual citizens.	the coalition brings together representatives from a wide variety of political and human rights movements, liberals, nationalists, socialists and communists (though the cprf is absent), as well as individual citizens.
"note: whether or not a member of the european union may actually qualify as being a ""neutral"" state is currently somewhat debatable."	"note: whether or not a member of the european union may possibly qualify as being a ""neutral"" state is currently somewhat debatable."
"because of its abundance of orchards and hop gardens, kent is widely known as ""the garden of england""  a name often applied when marketing the county or its produce, although other regions have wrongly tried to lay claim to the title."	"because of its abundance of orchards and hop gardens, kent is widely known as ""the garden of england""  a name often applied when marketing the county or its produce, although other regions have tried to lay claim to the title."
housed in a historic building the urbana free library graces the downtown area.	housed in a historic building the urbana free library is located in the downtown area.
in total, maroney racked up an impressive 1,722 all-purpose yards in his rookie season.	in total, maroney racked up an 1,722 all-purpose yards in his rookie season.
the convent now houses eight individual galleries, featuring new local and international artists every 8 weeks, the original restored chapel, a museum with the history of the building set up by the nuns themselves, retail selling one-off clothing and jewellery pieces, pottery, local wines and produce, a mediterranean style cafe`, new york style penthouse apartment, two glass fronted architecturally designed function rooms, daylesford's first world class wine bar, breathtaking views and of picturesque gardens.	the convent now houses eight individual galleries, featuring new local and international artists every 8 weeks, the original restored chapel, a museum with the history of the building set up by the nuns themselves, retail selling one-off clothing and jewellery pieces, pottery, local wines and produce, a mediterranean style cafe`, new york style penthouse apartment, two glass fronted architecturally designed function rooms, daylesford's first world class wine bar, scenic views and of picturesque gardens.
other popular tobacco brands owned by philip morris are parliament, virginia slims, and benson & hedges (licensed in some markets).	other tobacco brands owned by philip morris are parliament, virginia slims, and benson & hedges (licensed in some markets).
according to the usda, growing crops for farm animals requires nearly half of the u.s. water supply and 80% of its tillable land.	according to the usda, growing crops for farm animals requires nearly half of the u.s. water supply and 80% of its agricultural land.
"pakistan's national security advisor naseer khan janjua apprised u.s. ambassador david hale that india's research and analysis wing and afghanistan's national directorate of security (nds) were ""patronising"" terrorist organisations on attacking soft targets in pakistan, and emphasised the need for effective action against militant elements in afghanistan linked to the attack."	"pakistan's national security advisor naseer khan janjua stated to u.s. ambassador david hale that india's research and analysis wing and afghanistan's national directorate of security (nds) were ""patronising"" terrorist organisations on attacking soft targets in pakistan, and emphasised the need for effective action against militant elements in afghanistan linked to the attack."
his disposition is more likely due to a profound and innate disappointment in the fallibility/inferiority of other people, which he commonly expresses in various entertaining ways.	his disposition is more likely due to a profound and innate disappointment in the fallibility/inferiority of other people, which he commonly expresses in various ways.
in the 2004 presidential election, barr abandoned the republican party and publicly endorsed	in the 2004 presidential election, barr left the republican party and publicly endorsed
maratha empire, 1758 (in orange) was the paramount power in the indian sub-continent in 18th and early 19th century, until it was usurped by the british east india company.	maratha empire, 1758 (in orange) was the paramount power in the indian sub-continent in 18th and early 19th century, until it was defeated by the british east india company.
since 1995, maps has disbursed over two million dollars to worthy research and educational projects and has:	since 1995, maps has disbursed over two million dollars to research and educational projects and has:
the ascendancy of evangelicalism in the us, particularly in its more socially reactionary forms, challenged many people in mainline churches.	the ascendancy of evangelicalism in the us, particularly in its more socially conservative forms, challenged many people in mainline churches.
the marxian theory of historical materialism claims the history of the world is fundamentally determined by the material conditions at any given time  in other words, the relationships which people have with each other in order to fulfil basic needs such as feeding, clothing and housing themselves and their families.	the marxian theory of historical materialism states the history of the world is fundamentally determined by the material conditions at any given time  in other words, the relationships which people have with each other in order to fulfil basic needs such as feeding, clothing and housing themselves and their families.
some find the speech-patterns totally repetitive and unrealistic while others find it refreshing from the stale mainstream version of batman.	some find the speech-patterns totally repetitive and unrealistic while others find it refreshing from the mainstream version of batman.
he was also deprived of his office by the notorious act of classes, the decree against him being sealed on march 10, 1649. upon the repeal of this act, and having given testimony of the satisfaction afforded by him to the church, he was declared capable again of office on january 10, 1651, and was appointed clerk to the committee of estates on june 6 following.	he was also deprived of his office by the act of classes , the decree against him being sealed on march 10, 1649. upon the repeal of this act, and having given testimony of the satisfaction afforded by him to the church, he was declared capable again of office on january 10, 1651, and was appointed clerk to the committee of estates on june 6 following.
all this time the normans had not ceased ravaging the country; a brave man was needed to defend it, and finally towards 861, charles the bald entrusted it to robert the strong, but robert unfortunately met with his death in 866 in a battle against the normans at brissarthe.	all this time the normans had not ceased ravaging the country; a brave man was needed to defend it, and finally towards 861, charles the bald entrusted it to robert the strong, but robert met with his death in 866 in a battle against the normans at brissarthe.
aimi macdonald (born 1942), scottish-born comedienne and actress	aimi macdonald (born 1942), scottish-born comedian and actress
"on june 14, ap claimed they had a copy of a letter from the uk home office to all airlines, urging them to deny boarding to mr. snowden on any flight to the united kingdom, as he is ""highly likely to be refused entry"", despite breaking no law in the uk and having no charges brought against him in the us."	"on june 14, ap stated they had a copy of a letter from the uk home office to all airlines, urging them to deny boarding to mr. snowden on any flight to the united kingdom, as he is ""highly likely to be refused entry"", despite breaking no law in the uk and having no charges brought against him in the us."
she was finally released on september 3, 1998, following an intense lebanese, european, and even israeli campaign in her favour.	she was finally released on september 3, 1998, following an intense lebanese, european, and israeli campaign in her favour.
the book, intended largely to be a humorous recollection of williams's life in the nba, was later cited as containing nine separate anecdotes involving his tendency to play with guns, including one where football player wayne chrebet is nearly shot and one where the uncle of manute bol is threatened playfully with an unloaded handgun.	the book, intended largely to be a humorous recollection of williams's life in the nba, was later cited as containing nine separate anecdotes involving his tendency to play with guns, including one where football player wayne chrebet is nearly shot and one where the uncle of manute bol is threatened with an unloaded handgun.
the welsh liberal democrats promote social liberalism as their main ideology, as well as further devolved powers for the national assembly for wales.	the welsh liberal democrats promote liberalism as their main ideology, as well as further devolved powers for the national assembly for wales.
a rare photograph of atul prasad is uploaded in the website of the club.	a photograph of atul prasad is uploaded in the website of the club.
peer jury - provides an alternative to the traditional criminal justice system for spoiled non-violent first-time juvenile offenders.	peer jury - provides an alternative to the traditional criminal justice system for non-violent first-time juvenile offenders.
oulunkyl (swedish ggelby) is a pleasant suburb of helsinki, the capital of finland, located 6 km north from the center of the city.	oulunkyl (swedish ggelby) is a suburb of helsinki, the capital of finland, located 6 km north from the center of the city.
brad douglas paisley (born october 28, 1972) is a grammy award-winning american country music singer-songwriter and virtuoso country guitarist.	brad douglas paisley (born october 28, 1972) is a grammy award-winning american country music singer-songwriter and country guitarist.
omri casspi, the first israeli to actually play in the national basketball association grew up in the city and played for some of it's teams.	omri casspi, the first israeli to play in the national basketball association grew up in the city and played for some of it's teams.
anglican realignment is a controversial movement of some theologically biblical anglican congregations and dioceses to modify their present jurisdictional arrangements in order to place themselves under the oversight of bishops and primates from other provinces of the anglican communion.	anglican realignment is a controversial movement of some theologically conservative anglican congregations and dioceses to modify their present jurisdictional arrangements in order to place themselves under the oversight of bishops and primates from other provinces of the anglican communion.
they are a popular ingredient in western-style chinese dishes, although many people tend to discard them due to their significant lack of flavor.	they are a popular ingredient in western-style chinese dishes, although many people tend to discard them due to their wood-chip like texture and lack of flavor.
"in the united states the euphemism ""assisted outpatient treatment"" is often used and refers to the practice of courts requiring those it has found to be mentally ill to take medication or to comply with other restrictions, while not ordering involuntary commitment."	"in the united states the term ""assisted outpatient treatment"" is often used and refers to the practice of courts requiring those it has found to be mentally ill to take medication or to comply with other restrictions, while not ordering involuntary commitment."
psw-151 is a constituency reserved for a female in the provincial assembly of sindh.	psw-151 is an indian constituency reserved for a female in the provincial assembly of sindh.
since release, dark souls and bloodborne have been consistently ranked by critics as among the greatest games of all time.	since release, dark souls and bloodborne have been ranked by critics as among the greatest games of all time.
"it chronicles the experiences of two teens, marina and jed, whose parents have joined a millennialist cult whose members call themselves ""the believers""."	"it chronicles the experiences of two teens, marina and jed, whose parents have joined a millennialist movment whose members call themselves ""the believers""."
image:nikonf.jpg|the revolutionary nikon f	image:nikonf.jpg|the nikon f
pallikkalamma is famously known as the mother who answers the call of her devotees.	pallikkalamma is known as the mother who answers the call of her devotees.
the roosevelt family is an american business and political family from new york whose members have included two united states presidents, a first lady, and notable merchants, politicians, inventors, clergymen, artists, and socialites.	the roosevelt family is an american business and political family from new york whose members have included two united states presidents, a first lady, and various merchants, politicians, inventors, clergymen, artists, and socialites.
the following centuries (12th-16th) witness the development of the medieval city, the outlines of which are still preserved today, the construction of the city walls, a devastating fire which took place on christmas eve in 1521, and the formidable aqueduct works, los pilares, constructed in order to provide the city with water throughout the 16th century.	the following centuries (12th-16th) witness the development of the medieval city, the outlines of which are still preserved today, the construction of the city walls, a devastating fire which took place on christmas eve in 1521, and the aqueduct works, los pilares, constructed in order to provide the city with water throughout the 16th century.
aleksandr aleksandrovich bessmertnykh ( in russian) (born 10 november 1933) briefly served as foreign minister of the ussr during 1991. he replaced eduard shevardnadze, but was sacked by mikhail gorbachev following the 1991 soviet coup attempt.	aleksandr aleksandrovich bessmertnykh ( in russian) (born 10 november 1933) briefly served as foreign minister of the ussr during 1991. he replaced eduard shevardnadze, but was removed by mikhail gorbachev following the 1991 soviet coup attempt.
this interpretation is strongly rejected by jewish theologians, most of whom believe the servant to be the nation of israel.	this interpretation is rejected by jewish theologians, most of whom believe the servant to be the nation of israel.
the vibrant sustained resonance of the wire-strung clrsach harp allows for intricate ornamental effects through various striking and dampening techniques.	the sustained resonance of the wire-strung clrsach harp allows for intricate ornamental effects through various striking and dampening techniques.
by 1951, america had altruistically poured more than $2 billion into the japanese economy.	by 1951, america had poured more than $2 billion into the japanese economy.
there is far more animosity directed toward 4kids entertainment for their more extreme butchery of the one piece anime.	there is far more animosity directed toward 4kids entertainment for their more extreme treatment of the one piece anime.
while living there, joseph began translating the book of mormon, and for a time, emma acted as a scribe.	while living there, joseph began work on the book of mormon, and for a time, emma acted as a scribe.
unfortunately , hobbs had not fully taken into account the nearly nonexistent road network in front of the xvi corps bridgehead.	however , hobbs had not fully taken into account the nearly nonexistent road network in front of the xvi corps bridgehead.
"in 1999 wolfgang kraker von schwarzenfeld arranged the transport of a red sandstone boulder, weighing about 35 metric tons, from venezuela's canaima national park to berlin tiergarten for his ""global stone"" project."	"in 1999 wolfgang kraker von schwarzenfeld arranged the transport of a red stone boulder, weighing about 35 metric tons, from venezuela's canaima national park to berlin tiergarten for his ""global stone"" project."
map of portugal with the invaded municipality of olivena shown in orange.	map of portugal with the disputed municipality of olivena shown in orange.
altria is also secretively involved in combating proponents of global warming and climate change, through the funding of astroturf organisations such as the advancement of sound science coalition.	altria is also involved in combating proponents of global warming and climate change, through the funding of astroturf organisations such as the advancement of sound science coalition.
this album is a fascinating musical departure for ella in many senses.	this album is a musical departure for ella in many senses.
he was one of the failed original line-up of tv-am, together with angela rippon, anna ford and robert kee, who were all eventually replaced with younger talent.	he was one of the original line-up of tv-am, together with angela rippon, anna ford and robert kee, who were all eventually replaced with younger talent.
he served in this position for eighteen years, as well as the general secretary of the sri aurobindo ashram, until his passing in 1969. the mother reports in (agenda may 1969 link that pavitra left his body in a totally yogic way and merged with her.	he served in this position for eighteen years, as well as the general secretary of the sri aurobindo ashram, until his death in 1969. the mother reports in (agenda may 1969 link that pavitra left his body in a totally yogic way and merged with her.
it has drawn substantial criticism for its revelation that king hamlet was a gay pedophile who molested laertes, horatio, rosencrantz and guildenstern, turning them gay in the process.	it has drawn substantial criticism for its revelation that king hamlet was a gay pedophile who molested laertes, horatio, rosencrantz and guildenstern, turning them homosexual in the process.
on february 14, he held a historic meeting with king abdulaziz, the founder of saudi arabia, a meeting which holds profound significance in u.s.-saudi relations even today.	on february 14, he held a historic meeting with king abdulaziz, the founder of saudi arabia, a meeting some historians believe holds profound significance in u.s.-saudi relations even today.
according to the islamic organization, billah islah, the show offended muslims because the challengers, ara mina, aubrey miles, and ruffa mae quinto, who are non-muslims recited the al-fatiha, the first chapter in the holy qur'an, while being in a land cruiser and not wearing proper muslim attire.	according to the islamic organization, billah islah, the show offended muslims because the challengers, ara mina, aubrey miles, and ruffa mae quinto, who are non-muslims recited the al-fatiha, the first chapter in the qur'an, while being in a land cruiser and not wearing proper muslim attire.
harry v. jaffa, a neoconservative hagiographer of abraham lincoln	harry v. jaffa, a neoconservative biographer of abraham lincoln
regrettably their second choice was little better than their first, and for many years a lack of water prevented any further development - the name of the settlement was changed later to griquatown or griekwastad.	their second choice was little better than their first, and for many years a lack of water prevented any further development - the name of the settlement was changed later to griquatown or griekwastad.
the controversial 1973 supreme court decision roe v. wade affirmed that women have the right to terminate a pregnancy in its first trimester.	the historic 1973 supreme court decision roe v. wade affirmed that women have the right to terminate a pregnancy in its first trimester.
"he discovered a small discontinuity in some u.s. records in the goddard institute for space studies (giss) dataset starting in january 2000. he emailed giss advising them of the problem and within a couple of days giss issued a new, corrected set of data and ""thanked stephen mcintyre for bringing to our attention that such an adjustment is necessary to prevent creating an artificial jump in year 2000""."	"he discovered a discontinuity in some u.s. records in the goddard institute for space studies (giss) dataset starting in january 2000. he emailed giss advising them of the problem and within a couple of days giss issued a new, corrected set of data and ""thanked stephen mcintyre for bringing to our attention that such an adjustment is necessary to prevent creating an artificial jump in year 2000""."
"the last one is based on a completely different technology ( highly superior to ""ordinary"" wma in terms of quality and features) and thus wma 9 pro files are incompatible with older players."	"the last one is based on a completely different technology (superior to ""ordinary"" wma in terms of quality and features ) and thus wma 9 pro files are incompatible with older players."
freud is best known for his theories of the unconscious mind and the defense mechanism of repression and for creating the clinical practice of psychoanalysis for curing psychopathology through dialogue between a patient and a psychoanalyst.	freud is best known for his theories of the unconscious mind and the defense mechanism of repression and for creating the clinical practice of psychoanalysis for treating psychopathology through dialogue between a patient and a psychoanalyst.
marcus ericsson (born 2 september 1990) is a swedish racing pay driver currently racing for sauber in formula one, where he is contracted to the end of the 2018 season.	marcus ericsson (born 2 september 1990) is a swedish racing driver currently racing for sauber in formula one, where he is contracted to the end of the 2018 season.
when boiling eggs for easter, a popular tan colour can be achieved by boiling the eggs with onion skins.	when boiling eggs for easter, a tan colour can be achieved by boiling the eggs with onion skins.
"the 2008 prize to paul krugman, an outspoken critic of george w. bush, provoked muted controversy about a left-wing bias in the award, prompting the prize committee to deny that ""...the committee has ever taken a political stance."""	"the 2008 prize to paul krugman, an outspoken critic of george w. bush, provoked controversy about a left-wing bias in the award, prompting the prize committee to deny that ""...the committee has ever taken a political stance."""
hillsdale college is an independent, neoconservative , co-educational, nonsectarian, post-secondary liberal arts institution located on the north side of the city of hillsdale in central southern michigan.	hillsdale college is an independent, conservative , co-educational, nonsectarian, post-secondary liberal arts institution located on the north side of the city of hillsdale in central southern michigan.
in this definition, western culture is the set of literary, scientific, musical, and philosophical principles which set it apart from other great civilizations.	in this definition, western culture is the set of literary, scientific, musical, and philosophical principles which set it apart from other civilizations.
the usa and israel plan to leave unesco on 31 december 2018 over alleged anti-israel bias.	the usa and israel plan to leave unesco on 31 december 2018 over purported anti-israel bias.
"he commented, ""this is entertainment as rally, a spectacle which presumes that if you pack in enough dancers, props and videos, it would be downright rude for the audience to remain unentertained."	"andy gill commented, ""this is entertainment as rally, a spectacle which presumes that if you pack in enough dancers, props and videos, it would be downright rude for the audience to remain unentertained."
ufo fanatics claim these lights have never been completely explained; at the time of the occurrence, the arizona air national guard issued a public statement that the 'mysterious' lights were likely flares dropped by a maryland air national guard training mission which was in the area and returning to tucson at about the time the lights were reported.	ufo witnesses and investigators claim these lights have never been completely explained; at the time of the occurrence, the arizona air national guard issued a public statement that the 'mysterious' lights were likely flares dropped by a maryland air national guard training mission which was in the area and returning to tucson at about the time the lights were reported.
bubba was a massive lobster heaved from the waters of nantucket, massachusetts in february of 2005. the majestic crustacean of 23 lbs was one of the largest ever recorded (though the largest lobster on record weighed 44 pounds, twice bubba's size).	bubba was a massive lobster heaved from the waters of nantucket, massachusetts in february of 2005. the crustacean of 23 lbs was one of the largest ever recorded (though the largest lobster on record weighed 44 pounds, twice bubba's size).
the plot and setting uses the same trope as games like r-type and gradius; it concerns an ongoing war between mankind and a race of invading aliens belonging to the zoul empire, and the player's primary enemy consists of bioships and enormous organic fortresses.	the plot and setting uses the same trope as games like r-type and gradius; it concerns an ongoing war between humanity and a race of invading aliens belonging to the zoul empire, and the player's primary enemy consists of bioships and enormous organic fortresses.
kendrick's other notable roles include fritzi wagner in camp (2003), jessica stanley in the twilight saga (200811), stacey pilgrim in scott pilgrim vs. the world (2010), beca mitchell in pitch perfect (2012) and pitch perfect 2 (2015), janet in end of watch (2012), and cinderella in into the woods (2014).	kendrick's other roles include fritzi wagner in camp (2003), jessica stanley in the twilight saga (200811), stacey pilgrim in scott pilgrim vs. the world (2010), beca mitchell in pitch perfect (2012) and pitch perfect 2 (2015), janet in end of watch (2012), and cinderella in into the woods (2014).
to overcome this resentment john adams sent a special mission to paris in 1797 to meet the french foreign ministercharles maurice de talleyrand-prigord.	to overcome this resentment john adams sent a special mission to paris in 1797 to meet the french foreign minister charles maurice de talleyrand-prigord.
in 2003 and 2004, the hispanic project produced more than twenty cutting-edge commercials on spanish-language television, radio and internet that sought to speak directly to america's growing latino community and highlight the values and ideals that they see as the bond between hispanic voters and progressive causes, and has recently stepped up its ad campaigns and project initiatives in hopes of reclaiming lost ground among those voters as evidenced by the outcome of the 2004 presidential election.	in 2003 and 2004, the hispanic project produced more than twenty commercials on spanish-language television, radio and internet that sought to speak directly to america's growing latino community and highlight the values and ideals that they see as the bond between hispanic voters and progressive causes, and has recently stepped up its ad campaigns and project initiatives in hopes of reclaiming lost ground among those voters as evidenced by the outcome of the 2004 presidential election.
1951 – korean war: more than 700 suspected communist sympathizers are butchered by south korean forces.	1951 – korean war: more than 700 suspected communist sympathizers are massacred by south korean forces.
unlike batman and robin, they display strange behavior that is not common for normal superheroes.	unlike batman and robin, they display behavior that is not common for normal superheroes.
father david kirk (march 12, 1935 may 23, 2007) was a civil rights and anti-poverty activist.	father david kirk (march 12, 1935 may 23, 2007) was an american civil rights and anti-poverty activist.
beryl reid (1920–1996), comedienne and actress	beryl reid (1920–1996), comedian and actress
he was attending a high-altitude training camp in flagstaff, arizona, when he was taken ill. eamon sullivan was a member of the controversial australia olympic swimming team during the london 2012 olympic games and competed in the disastrous australian men's 4 x 100 metre relay team.	he was attending a high-altitude training camp in flagstaff, arizona, when he was taken ill. eamon sullivan was a member of the controversial australia olympic swimming team during the london 2012 olympic games and competed in the australian men's 4 x 100 metre relay team.
"the malayisation is also perceived as a process of ""teaching"", particularly to the pagan tribal communities of the bataks, orang asli and dayaks."	"the malayisation is also perceived as a process of ""teaching"", particularly to the non-muslim tribal communities of the bataks, orang asli and dayaks."
the dakotas would later record an instrumental version of the track, and is one of the group's greatest hits.	the dakotas would later record an instrumental version of the track, and is one of the group's biggest hits.
ammon is a prominent character in the book of mormon and a contemporary of alma the younger.	ammon is a prominent person appearing in the book of mormon and a contemporary of alma the younger.
this led to a schism which prompted the formation of the independent restoration branches movement from which other denominations have sprung, notably the remnant church of jesus christ of latter day saints .	this led to a schism which prompted the formation of the independent restoration branches movement from which other denominations have sprung, including the remnant church of jesus christ of latter day saints.
young women actually earn more than men up until the age of 30, this is mostly due to a higher level of education.	young women earn more than men up until the age of 30, this is mostly due to a higher level of education.
"the free software foundation staged a protest outside the venue, wearing yellow hazmat suits and handing out pamphlets explaining that microsoft products are ""defective by design"" because of the digital rights management technologies included in them."	"the free software foundation staged a protest outside the venue, wearing yellow hazmat suits and handing out pamphlets claiming that microsoft products are ""defective by design"" because of the digital rights management technologies included in them."
immediately following the stonewall riots, some u.s. and canadian gay rights organizations advocated the abolition of age-of-consent laws, believing that gay liberation applied universally, without regard to age, and that gay liberation for minors implied the license to engage in sexual relationships.	immediately following the stonewall riots, some u.s. and canadian gay rights organizations advocated the abolition of age-of-consent laws, believing that gay liberation applied universally, without regard to age, and that gay liberation for minors implied the permission to engage in sexual relationships.
in a strongly worded article published next to a moving photo of an unborn baby in the womb, cardinal edward egan, archbishop of new york, compared tolerating abortions to the reasoning used by adolf hitler and joseph stalin to commit mass murders.	in a strongly worded article published next to a photo of an unborn baby in the womb, cardinal edward egan, archbishop of new york, compared tolerating abortions to the reasoning used by adolf hitler and joseph stalin to commit mass murders.
japan's environmental history and current policies reflect a tenuous balance between economic development and environmental protection.	japan's environmental history and current policies reflect a balance between economic development and environmental protection.
the syrian opposition ( al-mu'aradah al-suriyah) is an umbrella term for groups and individuals calling for democracy in syria and who oppose it's ba'athist government.	the syrian opposition ( al-mu'aradah al-suriyah) is an umbrella term for groups and individuals calling for regime change in syria and who oppose it's ba'athist government.
springdale farm a premiere agricultural education facility open to the public, and serves as a day program site for adults with developmental disabilities, who care for the plants and animals, maintain the beautiful farm grounds.	springdale farm a premiere agricultural education facility open to the public, and serves as a day program site for adults with developmental disabilities, who care for the plants and animals, maintain the farm grounds.
fortunately , the creators decided to keep her around for few more episodes.	as it turned out , the creators decided to keep her around for few more episodes.
real effects of the proposed legislation	effects of the proposed legislation
"when the boat comes in (or ""dance ti thy daddy"") is a traditional english folk song, originating in northumberland ."	"when the boat comes in (or ""dance ti thy daddy"") is a traditional english folk song, originating in north east england ."
"although the broadcast of the ""support meeting"" and the subsequent events on national television had been interrupted the previous day, ceauescu's senile reaction to the events had already become part of the country's collective memory."	"although the broadcast of the ""support meeting"" and the subsequent events on national television had been interrupted the previous day, ceauescu's reaction to the events had already become part of the country's collective memory."
the prca, formed in 1936, initially scheduled no events for women as a result of her tragic death.	the prca, formed in 1936, initially scheduled no events for women as a result of her death.
the rest of the population speak bantu languages such as shona (76%), ndebele (18%) and the other so-called minority languages of venda, tonga, shangaan, kalanga, sotho, ndau and nambya.	the rest of the population speak bantu languages such as shona (76%), ndebele (18%) and the other minority languages of venda, tonga, shangaan, kalanga, sotho, ndau and nambya.
with record sales of over 46 million albums and singles (over 60 million records sold when combinding the solo sales of knowles, rowland and williams alongside the group's success).	the group has accumulated record sales of over 46 million albums and singles (over 60 million records sold when combinding the solo sales of knowles, rowland and williams alongside the group's success).
on 5 july 2005, five islamist terrorists attacked the makeshift ram temple at the site of destroyed babri mosque in ayodhya, india.	on 5 july 2005, five islamist attacked the makeshift ram temple at the site of destroyed babri mosque in ayodhya, india.
blavatsky's extensive research into the many different spiritual traditions of the world led to the publication of what is now considered her magnum opus, the secret doctrine, which collates and organizes the essence of these teachings into a comprehensive synthesis.	blavatsky's research into the many different spiritual traditions of the world led to the publication of what is now considered her magnum opus, the secret doctrine, which collates and organizes the essence of these teachings into a comprehensive synthesis.
kelly choi has received numerous emmy nominations from the new york chapter of the national academy of television arts and sciences.	kelly choi has received multiple emmy nominations from the new york chapter of the national academy of television arts and sciences.
green economics incorporates insights from feminist economics and greens list feminism as an explicit goal of their political measures, often seeking higher valuations for such work.	green economics incorporates ideas from feminist economics and greens list feminism as an explicit goal of their political measures, often seeking higher valuations for such work.
named after sorrento on the bay of naples, the allure of sorrento terrace is its situation and the breathtaking view across killiney bay to the wicklow mountains, the great sugar loaf taking the place of mount vesuvius.	named after sorrento on the bay of naples, the allure of sorrento terrace is its situation and the view across killiney bay to the wicklow mountains, the great sugar loaf taking the place of mount vesuvius.
"true rastafarians, however, believe in peace and unity, and interpret babylon as a metaphor for the established ""system"" that oppresses (or ""downpresses"", in rasta terminology) minority groups such as blacks and the poor."	"other rastafarians, however, believe in peace and unity, and interpret babylon as a metaphor for the established ""system"" that oppresses (or ""downpresses"", in rasta terminology) minority groups such as blacks and the poor."
in this period the great frisian poet gysbert japiks (16031666), a schoolteacher and cantor from the city of bolsward (boalsert), who largely fathered modern frisian literature and orthography, was really an exception to the rule.	in this period the frisian poet gysbert japiks (16031666), a schoolteacher and cantor from the city of bolsward (boalsert), who largely fathered modern frisian literature and orthography, was really an exception to the rule.
the mitrokhin archive purports to represent a major body of historical evidence regarding soviet operations and personnel assets during the cold war.	the mitrokhin archive claims to represent a major body of historical evidence regarding soviet operations and personnel assets during the cold war.
in 2013, he began to gain major recognition following the release of his second mixtape, acid rap.	in 2013, he began to gain recognition following the release of his second mixtape, acid rap.
contrary to initial sceptisim particularly in poland, the start of the war by german nazis with hitler's invasion in poland was explicitely and elaborately mentioned by the exhibition of the centre against expulsions this year in berlin.	contrary to initial sceptisim particularly in poland, the start of the war by german nazis with hitler's invasion in poland was explicitely and elaborately mentioned by the exhibition of the centre against expulsions this fall in berlin.
the david davis for freedom campaign is a political campaign against the perceived erosion of civil liberties in the united kingdom, led by the former member of parliament (mp), david davis	the david davis for freedom campaign is a political campaign against the erosion of civil liberties in the united kingdom, led by the former member of parliament (mp), david davis
one account, written by a disaffected former mormon, states that soon before henry was to leave on his mission, after the latter-day saints had left illinois and were camped in iowa,	one account, written by a former mormon, states that soon before henry was to leave on his mission, after the latter-day saints had left illinois and were camped in iowa,
if the limit is changed to one fish per day for charters, there will be a dramatic effect on the charter industry.	if the limit is changed to one fish per day for charters, there could be a dramatic effect on the charter industry.
in a match against barnsley at blundell park, rankin scored a goal in a 6–1 demolition for grimsby, but controversially upset tykes boss gudjon thordarson for what he called an unprofessional goal celebration.	in a match against barnsley at blundell park, rankin scored a goal in a 6–1 victory for grimsby, but controversially upset tykes boss gudjon thordarson for what he called an unprofessional goal celebration.
fanny brice (1891-1951), stage name for the american comedienne , actress and singer	fanny brice (1891-1951), stage name for the american comedian , actress and singer
her maternal uncle was martyred at the age of fourteen in persia.	her maternal uncle was killed at the age of fourteen in persia.
he was later awarded the medal of honor, an honor which general macarthur unjustly opposed.	he was later awarded the medal of honor, an honor which general macarthur opposed.
they worked on this project for four years and started after they received a phone call from the university's economics department asking them to investigate alternatives to the controversial duckworthlewis method.	they worked on this project for four years and started after they received a phone call from the university's economics department asking them to investigate alternatives to the duckworthlewis method.
the name of the airport was changed in 1981 by the military government for omar torrijos international airport, in honor to the panamanian leader who died tragically in july 31, 1981, at the age of 52 in a plane crash in cerro marta, coclesito in very bad conditions.	the name of the airport was changed in 1981 by the military government for omar torrijos international airport, in honor to the panamanian leader who died in july 31, 1981, at the age of 52 in a plane crash in cerro marta, coclesito in very bad conditions.
stratovarius is a finnish power metal band that was active throughout the 1980s, finally recording in 1989. fright night was enormously popular in japan.	stratovarius is a finnish power metal band that was active throughout the 1980s, finally recording in 1989. fright night was popular in japan.
several times conquest attempts from masovia were successfully repelled by prussians and they only began to coordinate after the 12th century when they were challenged by the crusading teutonic order.	several times conquest attempts from masovia were successfully repelled by prussians and they only began to coordinate after the 12th century when they were attacked by the crusading teutonic order.
made on a huge budget of 25 crore , kuruvi failed due to mixed reviews.	made on a budget of 25 crore , kuruvi failed due to mixed reviews.
on the morning of 18 november 2014, two palestinian terrorists from jerusalem entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the praying congregants with axes, knives, and a gun.	on the morning of 18 november 2014, two palestinian men from jerusalem entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the praying congregants with axes, knives, and a gun.
is a brand of super-absorbent towel marketed by american comedian vince offer.	is a brand of towel marketed by american comedian vince offer.
linnaeus completed his degree in less than a week and became a doctor, only 28 years old.	linnaeus completed his degree in less than a week and became a doctor, 28 years old.
in 1994 singer was the principal reviewer of a report authored by kent jeffreys titled science, economics, and environmental policy: a critical examination which was published by the alexis de tocqueville institution (adti), a conservative think tank of which he was a senior fellow.	in 1994 singer was the principal reviewer of a report authored by kent jeffreys titled science, economics, and environmental policy: a critical examination which was published by the alexis de tocqueville institution (adti), a think tank of which he was a senior fellow.
on january 9, 1992, the bosnian serb assembly illegally proclaimed the republic of the serb people of bosnia and herzegovina ( / republika srpskog naroda bosne i hercegovine).	on january 9, 1992, the bosnian serb assembly proclaimed the republic of the serb people of bosnia and herzegovina ( / republika srpskog naroda bosne i hercegovine).
griffith business school focuses on business and public sector education and research, with a special focus on sustainable business development and responsible leadership.	griffith business school focuses on business and public sector education and research, with a focus on sustainable business development and responsible leadership.
the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to leftist social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.	the mass-appeal of the christian right in the so-called red states, and its success in rallying resistance to certain social agendas, is sometimes characterized by an otherwise unwilling, and secular, society as an attempt to impose theocracy on the country.
this is just a remix of the incidents from the past episodes, depicting scenes from the past episodes.	this is a remix of the incidents from the past episodes, depicting scenes from the past episodes.
controversy over said's early life	pro-israel smear over said's early life
in 2004, the university unfortunately replaced its original coat of arms with a new corporate-style logo.	in 2004, the university replaced its original coat of arms with a new corporate-style logo.
the second amendment (amendment ii) to the united states constitution is the part of the united states bill of rights that protects the right to keep and bear arms.	the second amendment (amendment ii) to the united states constitution is the part of the united states bill of rights that concerns the right to keep and bear arms.
controversy surrounding the horrors of war (bespua povijesne zbiljnosti )	controversy surrounding the horrors of war (bespua povijesne neozbiljnosti )
carmen sandiego is a media franchise of educational computer and video games, television programs, books and other media featuring a thieving villainess of the same name.	carmen sandiego is a media franchise of educational computer and video games, television programs, books and other media featuring a thieving villain of the same name.
"the party-controlled newspapers inevitably applauded lysenko's ""practical"" efforts and questioned the motives of his critics."	"the party-controlled newspapers applauded lysenko's ""practical"" efforts and questioned the motives of his critics."
television brand, in an effort to improve maths literacy in children.	television brand, in an effort to improve mathematics literacy in children.
"whether these initiatives will have the desired effect of curbing such malfeasance has yet to be seen; although a number of hawala networks have been closed down, and a number of hawaladars have been successfully prosecuted for money laundering, there is little sign that these ""successes"" have brought the authorities any closer to identifying and arresting a significant number of terrorists or drug smugglers."	"whether these initiatives will have the desired effect of curbing such activities has yet to be seen; although a number of hawala networks have been closed down, and a number of hawaladars have been successfully prosecuted for money laundering, there is little sign that these ""successes"" have brought the authorities any closer to identifying and arresting a significant number of terrorists or drug smugglers."
the raak incident (also called the raak massacre or raak operation) was a clash in the village of raak, kosovo, serbia, (known as reak in albanian) on january 15 1999 between yugoslav security forces and kosovo liberation army guerillas, in which 45 albanian terrorists died.	the raak incident (also called the raak massacre or raak operation) was a clash in the village of raak, kosovo, serbia, (known as reak in albanian) on january 15 1999 between yugoslav security forces and kosovo liberation army guerillas, in which 45 albanian civilians died.
the sarum rite, more properly called the sarum use, was a variant of the roman catholic liturgy practiced in great britain from the late 11th century until the protestant revolt .	the sarum rite, more properly called the sarum use, was a variant of the roman catholic liturgy practiced in great britain from the late 11th century until the protestant reformation.
the french had also been reinforced, but their recruitment was slow, and their force numbered only 35,000. although badly outnumbered, the french bravely defended their position along a ridge at the western outskirts of woerth.	the french had also been reinforced, but their recruitment was slow, and their force numbered only 35,000. although badly outnumbered, the french defended their position along a ridge at the western outskirts of woerth.
"alongside the promotion of intelligent design, proponents also seek to ""teach the controversy""; discredit evolution by emphasizing perceived flaws in the theory of evolution, or disagreements within the scientific community and encourage teachers and students to explore non-scientific alternatives to evolution, or to critically analyze evolution and the controversy surrounding the teaching of evolution."	"alongside the promotion of intelligent design, proponents also seek to ""teach the controversy""; discredit evolution by emphasizing perceived flaws in the theory of evolution, or disagreements within the scientific community and encourage teachers and students to explore other alternatives to evolution, or to critically analyze evolution and the controversy surrounding the teaching of evolution."
"may 31 - obama denounces and condemns the killing of medical director and abortionist george tiller, saying he was ""shocked and outraged"" by the assassination and death of tiller."	"may 31 - obama denounces and condemns the killing of medical director and abortion provider george tiller, saying he was ""shocked and outraged"" by the assassination and death of tiller."
it is because of his quiet personality that many wonder how he could be the leader of a terrorist movement.	it is because of his quiet personality that many wonder how he could be the leader of a resistance movement.
a revolutionary discovery of 20th century physics was the apparently random character of all physical processes that occur at microscopic scales and are governed by the laws of quantum mechanics.	a revolutionary discovery of 20th century physics was the random character of all physical processes that occur at microscopic scales and are governed by the laws of quantum mechanics.
neanderthals were capable of building dugout boats since the middle paleolithic.	neanderthals may have been capable of building dugout boats since the middle paleolithic.
alexander zivojinovich oc (b. august 27, 1953, fernie, british columbia), better known by his stage name alex lifeson, is a canadian musician, best known as the virtuoso guitarist of rush.	alexander zivojinovich oc (b. august 27, 1953, fernie, british columbia), better known by his stage name alex lifeson, is a canadian musician, best known as the guitarist of rush.
"the first one deliberately tried to make the message agree with their creed, pointing out that when they saw problems with the message of the text ""it becomes our license to introduce midrash into the text"" (p. xxi)."	"the first one deliberately tried to make the text agree with their creed, pointing out that when they saw problems with the message of the text ""it becomes our license to introduce midrash into the text"" (p. xxi)."
(for example, bill o'reilly has made accusations of liberal bias against the staunchly conservative globe and mail, while countless people that disagree with o'reilly accuse him of bias.)	(for example, bill o'reilly has made accusations of liberal bias against the staunchly conservative globe and mail, while people that disagree with o'reilly accuse him of bias.)
brad williams is a fictional character in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	brad williams is a fictional character in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
shopska salad, also known as bulgarian salad (bulgarian, macedonian, and serbian: ; ; : ; ; ; ), is a traditional macedonia n cold salad popular throughout the balkans and central europe.	shopska salad, also known as bulgarian salad (bulgarian, macedonian, and serbian: ; ; : ; ; ; ), is a traditional bulgaria n cold salad popular throughout the balkans and central europe.
the institute for american values is a neo-liberal pro-family organization in the united states.	the institute for american values is a neo-liberal and socially conservative organization in the united states.
the administration hopes that this move will further increase the law school's prestige, since people will now associate it with the world-renowned berkeley campus.	the administration hopes that this move will further increase the law school's prestige, since people will now associate it with the berkeley campus.
it is traditionally famous for having a lot of coal and as the home city of newcastle united f.c.. newcastle is part of an area called tyneside, whose people are commonly known as geordies and famous for their strange accent and sense of humour.	it is traditionally famous for having a lot of coal and as the home city of newcastle united f.c.. newcastle is part of an area called tyneside, whose people are commonly known as geordies and famous for their distinctive accent and sense of humour.
military units to aid production were forced labor concentration camps established by fidel castro's communist dictatorship .	military units to aid production were forced labor concentration camps established by fidel castro's communist rule .
he understood that the sabbath commandment in the decalogue was not a universal moral law, but an ordinance intended for the jewish nation, and not for the christian church.	he believed that the sabbath commandment in the decalogue was not a universal moral law, but an ordinance intended for the jewish nation, and not for the christian church.
"argue on grammatical and syntactical grounds that this is the meaning of genesis 1:1, which is properly rendered: ""in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth."""	"argue on grammatical and syntactical grounds that this is the meaning of genesis 1:1, which is commonly rendered: ""in the beginning god created the heavens and the earth."""
barbara carrera has graced the pages and covers of such magazines as vogue, paris match, harper's bazaar, and twice posed nude in playboy in the august 1977 edition as well as the april 1982 edition.. she is also an artist and her work has been showcased in the makk galleries in beverly hills in california since the 1980s, and the roy miles gallery in london, england.	barbara carrera has appeared on the pages and covers of such magazines as vogue, paris match, harper's bazaar, and twice posed nude in playboy in the august 1977 edition as well as the april 1982 edition.. she is also an artist and her work has been showcased in the makk galleries in beverly hills in california since the 1980s, and the roy miles gallery in london, england.
in the 6-3 ruling, the justices nullified the criminal prohibition of homosexual sodomy in texas.	in the 6-3 ruling, the justices struck down the criminal prohibition of homosexual sodomy in texas.
sadly this meant the controversial decision to sack peter vaughn clarke as stephen who had been the show's original young lead.	this meant the controversial decision to sack peter vaughn clarke as stephen who had been the show's original young lead.
it features albert brooks as russ cargill, the evil head of the environmental protection agency who intends to destroy springfield after homer pollutes the lake.	it features albert brooks as russ cargill, the head of the environmental protection agency who intends to destroy springfield after homer pollutes the lake.
dominating nationalities in poland around 1931 according to polish sources.	majority nationalities in poland around 1931 according to polish sources.
somewhat controversially, 8 of the 43 games- balloon bomber, bubble symphony, cadash, rayforce, raystorm, g darius, pop 'n pop and syvalion- were split across the platforms due to porting issues , forcing players to buy more than one version to get every game available.	somewhat controversially, 8 of the 43 games- balloon bomber, bubble symphony, cadash, rayforce, raystorm, g darius, pop 'n pop and syvalion- were split across the platforms due to porting issues , requiring players to buy more than one version to get every game available.
the misfits are a legendary horror punk band formed in 1977 and led by singer and songwriter glenn danzig (born glenn anzalone) and later, bassist jerry only (born gerald caiafa).	the misfits are a horror punk band formed in 1977 and led by singer and songwriter glenn danzig (born glenn anzalone) and later, bassist jerry only (born gerald caiafa).
it was already clear that the earth's lifespan was far longer than that suggested by literal readings of the bible (an age of 75,000 years had been suggested as early as 1779, as against the 6,000 years proposed by archbishop james ussher's famous chronology).	it was already thought that the earth's lifespan was far longer than that suggested by literal readings of the bible (an age of 75,000 years had been suggested as early as 1779, as against the 6,000 years proposed by archbishop james ussher's famous chronology).
they argue further that as other school purposefully inflate their grades , princeton students' gpas will look terrible in comparison.	they argue further that as other school purposefully inflate their grades , princeton students' gpas will look low in comparison.
he reviewed her biography and, finding that it was not up to standard, helped to clean up the entry as is routine in such cases.	he reviewed her biography and, deeming that it was not up to standard, helped to clean up the entry as is routine in such cases.
the prototype for the face and figure of the statue has been suggested to have been the olympic gold medal wrestler kristjan palusalu, as there is a striking resemblance.	the prototype for the face and figure of the statue has been suggested to have been the olympic gold medal wrestler kristjan palusalu, as there is a resemblance.
after her departure from pornography, lords decided to focus on her career as a legitimate actress and enrolled at the lee strasberg theater institute where she studied method acting.	after her departure from pornography, lords decided to focus on her career as a mainstream actress and enrolled at the lee strasberg theater institute where she studied method acting.
the holocaust is the name applied to the claimed systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of the jews of europe along with other groups during world war ii by nazi germany and collaborators.	the holocaust is the name applied to the systematic state-sponsored persecution and genocide of the jews of europe along with other groups during world war ii by nazi germany and collaborators.
in 1997, fleeing restrictive gun laws enacted by the california legislature, badnarik moved to texas and began work as a senior trainer for evolutionary technologies international.	in 1997, unhappy with restrictive gun laws enacted by the california legislature, badnarik moved to texas and began work as a senior trainer for evolutionary technologies international.
world cafe live is a full-service restaurant, serving drinks and delicious light fare for upstairs performances and serving complete dinners during the shows downstairs.	world cafe live is a full-service restaurant, serving drinks and light fare for upstairs performances and serving complete dinners during the shows downstairs.
in january 1992, rugova was elected president of this parallel state.	in may 1992, rugova was elected president of this parallel state.
foreskin restoration techniques (developed to help circumcised men regrow a skin covering for the glans) can be used by intact men with short foreskins to lengthen the natural foreskin so that it covers the glans.	foreskin restoration techniques (developed to help circumcised men regrow a skin covering for the glans) can be used by uncircumcised men with short foreskins to lengthen the natural foreskin so that it covers the glans.
"a discredited 2006 study by cnw marketing research, inc. concluded that 2005 hybrids cost ""significantly more in overall energy costs than conventional internal combustion engine sic (ice) vehicles."""	"a 2006 study by cnw marketing research, inc. concluded that 2005 hybrids cost ""significantly more in overall energy costs than conventional internal combustion engine sic (ice) vehicles."""
"in one of his very last performances, currie convincingly plays a dying mafioso boss in the two part ""vendetta for the saint"" (1968) starring roger moore."	"in one of his very last performances, currie plays a dying mafioso boss in the two part ""vendetta for the saint"" (1968) starring roger moore."
jrgen rieger, 63, german lawyer and right-wing politician (npd), stroke.	jrgen rieger, 63, german lawyer and politician (npd), stroke.
elizabeth ramsey, filipino comedienne , singer and actress	elizabeth ramsey, filipino comedian , singer and actress
housing plans also offer students access to dining facilities, which have been ranked by the princeton review as some of the best in the nation .	housing plans also offer students access to dining facilities, which have been ranked by the princeton review as some of the best in the united states .
tivat airport ( montenegrin : /aerodrom tivat ) is an international airport located 4 km (2 mi) from the centre of tivat, montenegro.	tivat airport ( serbian : /aerodrom tivat) is an international airport located 4 km (2 mi) from the centre of tivat, montenegro.
see the main gun control article or the article on concealed carry in particular for more details on this debate.	see the main gun politics article or the article on concealed carry in particular for more details on this debate.
once again he presumes to diagnose the frustration and humiliation of arab-muslim cultures, and offers this prescription: self-realization and confession (391-406).	once again he tries to diagnose the frustration and humiliation of arab-muslim cultures, and offers this prescription: self-realization and confession (391-406).
when hood broke away from atlanta in the autumn of 1864, menaced sherman's long line of communications, and endeavored to force sherman to follow him, sherman abandoned his communications and embarked on his infamous march to the sea.	when hood broke away from atlanta in the autumn of 1864, menaced sherman's long line of communications, and endeavored to force sherman to follow him, sherman abandoned his communications and embarked on his march to the sea.
greece - several scenes were shot on the beautiful greek island santorini	greece - several scenes were shot on the greek island santorini
on april 12, 2000, the south carolina state senate finally passed a bill to remove the flag of the former confederate states of america from on top of the statehouse dome by a majority vote of 36 to 7. placed there in 1962, according to one local news report, the new bill specified that a more traditional version of the battle flag would be flown in front of the capitol next to a monument honoring fallen confederate soldiers.	on april 12, 2000, the south carolina state senate passed a bill to remove the flag of the former confederate states of america from on top of the statehouse dome by a majority vote of 36 to 7. placed there in 1962, according to one local news report, the new bill specified that a more traditional version of the battle flag would be flown in front of the capitol next to a monument honoring fallen confederate soldiers.
he established that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors, and proposed the scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection.	he said that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors, and proposed the scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection.
anti-war and human rights efforts	anti-war and human rights legislation
what was coming next was the biggest film in telugu cinema of the time, magadheera is one of the biggest commercial successess till date in telugu cinema.	what was coming next was the biggest film in telugu cinema of the time, magadheera which stood as one of the biggest commercial successess till date in telugu cinema.
in it, she discusses her irish catholic upbringing, early religious ideology, and the life events and internal search that led her to the realization that the universe works fine without a god in charge of it.	in it, she discusses her irish catholic upbringing, early religious ideology, and the life events and internal search that led her to the belief that the universe works fine without a god in charge of it.
israeli attorney general refused to prosecute those who lynched goldstein after disarming him.	israeli attorney general refused to prosecute those who killed goldstein after disarming him.
the israeli military used armored bulldozers to demolish illegal buildings in rafah, within the security zone near the border with egypt.	the israeli military used armored bulldozers to demolish buildings in rafah, within the security zone near the border with egypt.
host ryan seacrest, with tongue-in-cheek, asked about her and nerdly kevin covais.	host ryan seacrest, with tongue-in-cheek, asked about her and fellow idol contestant kevin covais.
religion in the united states is characterized by a wide diversity of religious beliefs and practices.	religion in the united states is characterized by a diversity of religious beliefs and practices.
some masculists claim that patriarchy also oppresses men.	some masculists hold that patriarchy also oppresses men.
qur'anic arabic refers to the type of arabic used in the holy quran.	qur'anic arabic refers to the type of arabic used in the quran.
joining macpherson on the revamped show will be obe winning fashion designer julien macdonald, fashion stylist grace woodward and male supermodel charley speed.	joining macpherson on the revamped show will be obe winning fashion designer julien macdonald, fashion stylist grace woodward and male model charley speed.
just beyond the summit is a steep road leading into bear lake valley and scenic overlooks that provide breathtaking views of deep blue bear lake.	just beyond the summit is a steep road leading into bear lake valley and scenic overlooks that provide dramatic views of deep blue bear lake.
in october 2012, the irish independent published a picture of the irish navy ship risn sailing past rockall conducting routine maritime security patrols, and claimed that it was defending ireland's sovereign rights to the rock.	in october 2012, the irish independent published a picture of the irish navy ship risn sailing past rockall conducting routine maritime security patrols, and claimed that it was exercising ireland's sovereign rights to the rock.
the word apparently was readopted in middle english from old french gingibre (modern french gingembre).	the word probably was readopted in middle english from old french gingibre (modern french gingembre).
"the diacritic over the ""n"" is frequently neglected by non-poles."	"the diacritic over the ""n"" is frequently omitted by non-poles."
it is abused as an opiate/opioid-enhancing antihistamine booster and separately for its anticholinergic effects .	it is also used recreationally as an opiate/opioid-enhancing antihistamine booster and separately for its anticholinergic effects .
this system was used for a long time, because it was ideal for phrase-book usage and part of the yale system of teaching chinese.	this system was used for a long time, because it was used for phrase-book usage and part of the yale system of teaching chinese.
his character's early history has been compared with the civil rights leader malcolm x and jewish ultranationalist meir kahane.	his character's early history has been compared with the civil rights leader malcolm x and jewish nationalist meir kahane.
diary of a bad man ( often abbreviated as doabm) is a british comedy web series, which premiered on 6 september 2010. the series was created by humza arshad and consists of continuous episodes uploaded on his youtube channel humzaproductions, revolving around the life of a young man and his relationships with his family.	diary of a bad man (abbreviated as doabm) is a british comedy web series, which premiered on 6 september 2010. the series was created by humza arshad and consists of continuous episodes uploaded on his youtube channel humzaproductions, revolving around the life of a young man and his relationships with his family.
"in an article on ""antisemitism 2.0"" and the jidf, the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung claimed that the jidf are""self-styled fighters against online hate"" who ""link to a dubious site called thereligionofpeace.com from their own homepage"" and that ""david"", the spokesman for the group, had compared an arab who celebrated the mercaz harav massacre to a pig."	"according to an article on ""antisemitism 2.0"" and the jidf, the frankfurter allgemeine zeitung claimed that the jidf are""self-styled fighters against online hate"" who ""link to a dubious site called thereligionofpeace.com from their own homepage"" and that ""david"", the spokesman for the group, had compared an arab who celebrated the mercaz harav massacre to a pig."
he later developed and wrote for the wb's 2003 television series tarzan, which was justly cancelled after eight episodes, and followed this by writing the 2005 film boogeyman.	he later developed and wrote for the wb's 2003 television series tarzan, which was cancelled after eight episodes, and followed this by writing the 2005 film boogeyman.
muirhead scored his first and second goal, including a stunning 30-yard strike, for thistle in a 52 win on 28 november against his former club kilmarnock.	muirhead scored his first and second goal, including a 30-yard strike, for thistle in a 52 win on 28 november against his former club kilmarnock.
"examples from common english expressions include ""bread and butter"" (for ""livelihood""), ""suits"" (for "" businessmen ""), and ""boots"" (for ""soldiers"")."	"examples from common english expressions include ""bread and butter"" (for ""livelihood""), ""suits"" (for "" businesspeople ""), and ""boots"" (for ""soldiers"")."
the john birch society is a paleoconservative american political organization.	the john birch society is a right wing american political organization.
from 2002 to 2006, he was the star of the popular television series everwood.	from 2002 to 2006, he was the star of the television series everwood.
in 1947, all prussia -- including the lands populated by the native prussians -- was outlawed and whimsically divided among lithuania, russia, and poland.	in 1947, all prussia -- including the lands populated by the native prussians -- was outlawed and divided among lithuania, russia, and poland.
in one scene coach bill yoast was told he lost his chance for the virginia high school hall of fame, in reality the hall of fame didn't even exist in 1971.	in one scene coach bill yoast was told he lost his chance for the virginia high school hall of fame, in reality the hall of fame didn't exist in 1971.
"a european union investigation claimed that the conflict began with a large-scale georgian military operation against tskhinvali, but noted that ""a violent conflict had already been going on before in south ossetia"" and georgian offensive was a ""not proportionate"" response to pre-war south ossetian attacks."	"a european union investigation stated that the conflict began with a large-scale georgian military operation against tskhinvali, but noted that ""a violent conflict had already been going on before in south ossetia"" and georgian offensive was a ""not proportionate"" response to pre-war south ossetian attacks."
stay away is a non-violent protest action occurring in zimbabwe in response to the robert mugabe's dictatorship .	stay away is a non-violent protest action occurring in zimbabwe in response to the robert mugabe's government .
18 australians were killed and 24 wounded, while 245 enemy dead were later recovered from the battlefield.	18 australians were killed and 24 wounded, while 245 communist dead were later recovered from the battlefield.
blue mountain can be reached via blue mountain road from highway #2. hikers have permission to cross private land and a well-marked trail leads to the summit with a breathtaking 360 view.	blue mountain can be reached via blue mountain road from highway #2. hikers have permission to cross private land and a well-marked trail leads to the summit with a panoramic 360 view.
due to the government theory, statements issued shortly after the madrid attacks, including from lehendakari juan jos ibarretxe identified eta as the prime suspect, but the group, which usually claims responsibility for its actions, denied any wrongdoing .	due to the government theory, statements issued shortly after the madrid attacks, including from lehendakari juan jos ibarretxe identified eta as the prime suspect, but the group, which usually claims responsibility for its actions, denied any involvement .
however, when essie inadvertently discovered that robeson was having an affair with a white ms. jackson, she nefariously altered the characterization of him in the biography she was privately writing.	however, when essie inadvertently discovered that robeson was having an affair with a white ms. jackson, she unfavorably altered the characterization of him in the biography she was privately writing.
they were being given the unenviable task of trying to pass themselves off as a girl band.	they were being given the task of trying to pass themselves off as a girl band.
lydia shum , comedienne , mc, and actress	lydia shum , comedian , mc, and actress
academy music group (or amg) is a good leading owner-operator of music venues in the united kingdom.	academy music group (or amg) is a leading owner-operator of music venues in the united kingdom.
"women who argue in favour of the terms ""womon/womyn"" contend that they have the right to choose how a term referring to them is spelled, rather than be compelled to use words that evolved in a patriarchal society."	"those who argue in favour of the terms ""womon/womyn"" contend that they have the right to choose how a term referring to them is spelled, rather than be compelled to use words that evolved in a patriarchal society."
incompatibilities with established physics	incompatibilities with conventional nuclear physics
"upmodern statue of vladimir in london with an ahistoric inscription ""ruler of ukraine"""	"upmodern statue of vladimir in london with an inscription ""ruler of ukraine"""
in 1994, he portrayed american academic charles van doren in quiz show, and in 1996, he was nominated for the academy award for best actor for the breathtaking world war ii epic romance the english patient.	in 1994, he portrayed american academic charles van doren in quiz show, and in 1996, he was nominated for the academy award for best actor for the world war ii epic romance the english patient.
bolam has never commented on what caused it, but he is notoriously guarded about his private life.	bolam has never commented on what caused it, but he is known for being guarded about his private life.
shinny was in goal for fedamore when the club reached the club championship decider in 1927. a 5-1 to 1-3 defeat of young irelands gave him a coveted championship medal.	shinny was in goal for fedamore when the club reached the club championship decider in 1927. a 5-1 to 1-3 defeat of young irelands gave him a limerick senior hurling championship medal.
"rising to 6'4"", selleck's dark hair, chiseled good looks, muscular and hairy-chested physique, sex appeal, unfortunate moustache and good sense of humor make him popular for action, drama, and comedy parts; his magnum role was a mix of all three."	"rising to 6'4"", selleck's dark hair, chiseled good looks, muscular and hairy-chested physique, sex appeal, iconic moustache and good sense of humor make him popular for action, drama, and comedy parts; his magnum role was a mix of all three."
there was extensive co-operation between british and irish intelligence and the exchange of information such as detailed weather reports of the atlantic ocean; the decision to go ahead with the d-day landings was decided by a weather report from blacksod bay, county mayo.	there was extensive co-operation between british and irish intelligence and the exchange of information such as detailed weather reports of the atlantic ocean; the decision to go ahead with the d-day landings was influenced by a weather report from blacksod bay, county mayo.
joan rivers, 81, american comedienne , actress (spaceballs) and television host (fashion police), cardiac arrest.	joan rivers, 81, american comedian , actress (spaceballs) and television host (fashion police), cardiac arrest.
after 1778 britain switched its focus to defending the west indies, rather than devoting all its resources to subjugating the american colonies.	after 1778 britain switched its focus to defending the west indies, rather than devoting all its resources to trying to recover the american colonies.
"the rather poetic name has a disappointingly prosaic origin, as ""cloud"" is a derivation of the old english word ""clud"" which means ""hill""."	"the rather poetic name has a prosaic origin, as ""cloud"" is a derivation of the old english word ""clud"" which means ""hill""."
"a related dish popular in the palestine and jordan is laban ma' hummus (""yogurt and chickpeas"") which uses yogurt in the place of tahini and butter in the place of olive oil."	"a related dish popular in the palestinian territories and jordan is laban ma' hummus (""yogurt and chickpeas"") which uses yogurt in the place of tahini and butter in the place of olive oil."
"anti-communists generally regard ""dictatorship of the proletariat"" as little better than an excuse justifying totalitarianism, on the grounds that those regimes that have claimed to put it into practice have simply implemented a dictatorship by a single powerful elite over the entire nation, rather than implementing some kind of broad-based rule by the entire working class."	"critics of communism generally regard ""dictatorship of the proletariat"" as little better than an excuse justifying totalitarianism, on the grounds that those regimes that have claimed to put it into practice have simply implemented a dictatorship by a single powerful elite over the entire nation, rather than implementing some kind of broad-based rule by the entire working class."
many commercials in the series have derived their humor from absurdly comparing working for sportscenter with playing in professional sports.	many commercials in the series have derived their humor from comparing working for sportscenter with playing in professional sports.
while berry gordy had created the black forum label to preserve black thought and creative writing, he kept the motown record label and the popular hits it produced from being too revolutionary .	while berry gordy had created the black forum label to preserve black thought and creative writing, he kept the motown record label and the popular hits it produced from being too political .
with the help of additional donations, they used the castle from the beginning of the 20th century as a psychiatric institution (german: idioten- anstalt).	with the help of additional donations, they used the castle from the beginning of the 20th century as a psychiatric institution (german: psychiatrische anstalt).
warning : the links below contain media which graphically depict the effects of harlequin type ichthyosis on young infants.	note : the links below contain media which graphically depict the effects of harlequin type ichthyosis on young infants.
"the acclaimed japanese film director juzo itami, credited in the film as ""ichizo itami"", appears as colonel goro shiba."	"the japanese film director juzo itami, credited in the film as ""ichizo itami"", appears as colonel goro shiba."
methanosarcina are the only known anaerobic methanogens that produce methane using all three known metabolic pathways for methanogenesis.	methanosarcina may be the only known anaerobic methanogens that produce methane using all three known metabolic pathways for methanogenesis.
victoria wood cbe (born 1953), comedienne , actress, singer and writer.	victoria wood cbe (born 1953), comedian , actress, singer and writer.
italy has shaped the cultural and social development of the whole mediterranean area, deeply influencing european culture as well.	italy has affected the cultural and social development of the whole mediterranean area, deeply influencing european culture as well.
peter's life story relies primarily on the new testament, since there are no other contemporary accounts of his life or death, or even of his existence.	peter's life story relies primarily on the new testament, since there are no other known first-century accounts of his life or death, or even of his existence.
many opponents of the white pride movement argue that movements such as black pride differ from white pride.	opponents of the white pride movement argue that movements such as black pride differ from white pride.
kurt donald cobain (born kurdt february 20, 1967 – april 5, 1994) was the lead singer and guitarist of the american grunge band nirvana, which also included bassist krist novoselic and drummer dave grohl.	kurt donald cobain (born february 20, 1967 – april 5, 1994) was the lead singer and guitarist of the american grunge band nirvana, which also included bassist krist novoselic and drummer dave grohl.
it is the default courier font on most gnu/ linux distributions.	it is the default courier font on most linux distributions.
the messianic judaism movement (closely related to hebrew christians), is a collection of ethnic jews and gentiles who believe that jesus christ is the messiah.	the messianic judaism movement (closely related to hebrew christians), is a collection of ethnic jews and gentiles who believe that jesus is the messiah.
in september 2006, the california legislature passed ab 32, the global warming solutions act of 2006 with the goal of reducing man-made california carbon dioxide emissions (<0.3% of all carbon dioxide emissions) back to 1990 emission levels by 2020. the legislation grants the unelected air resource board extraordinary powers to set policies, draw up regulations, lead the enforcement effort, levy fines and fees to finance it and punish violators.	in september 2006, the california legislature passed ab 32, the global warming solutions act of 2006 with the goal of reducing man-made california carbon dioxide emissions (<0.3% of all carbon dioxide emissions) back to 1990 emission levels by 2020. the legislation grants the air resource board extraordinary powers to set policies, draw up regulations, lead the enforcement effort, levy fines and fees to finance it and punish violators.
but despite his stereotypically flamboyant mannerisms and sometimes rather flagrantly gay double entendres on hollywood squares, he never publicly acknowledged his homosexuality.	but despite his stereotypically flamboyant mannerisms and sometimes rather overtly gay double entendres on hollywood squares, he never publicly acknowledged his homosexuality.
it produced many of the soviet union's offensive nuclear weapons, including the r-39 submarine-launched ballistic missile.	it produced many of the soviet union's nuclear weapons, including the r-39 submarine-launched ballistic missile.
the sharks won the match with a gutsy 14–12 victory, earning the club its first premiership title in their 49 year history.	the sharks won the match with a 14–12 victory, earning the club its first premiership title in their 49 year history.
the beautiful city centre is worth visiting, as are the bile felix health spas, accessible by bus and located just outside the city.	the city centre is worth visiting, as are the bile felix health spas, accessible by bus and located just outside the city.
category:ethnic groups of europecategory: peoples of greece	category:ethnic groups of europecategory: ethnic groups of greece
brady was named mvp of super bowl xxxvi while throwing for only 145 yards and 1 touchdown.	brady was named mvp of super bowl xxxvi while throwing for 145 yards and 1 touchdown.
"on february 15 markos moulitsas, founder of the left-wing dailykos, announced ""operation hilarity,"" which called on democrats to vote for santorum in michigan's open primary."	"on february 15 markos moulitsas, founder of the progressive dailykos, announced ""operation hilarity,"" which called on democrats to vote for santorum in michigan's open primary."
"this episode featured cover versions of seven songs, notably a cover of ""born this way"" by lady gaga."	"this episode featured cover versions of seven songs, including a cover of ""born this way"" by lady gaga."
michael carson, legendary abc television director who directed jimmy dancer, scales of justice, police rescue, phoenix, janus and the top rating sea change;	michael carson, abc television director who directed jimmy dancer, scales of justice, police rescue, phoenix, janus and the top rating sea change;
the freedom association was founded in 1975 as the national association for freedom by the viscount de l'isle, norris mcwhirter, ross mcwhirter ( murdered in the same year by the ira) and john gouriet one of the founders was alec bedser, chairman of selectors when basil d'oliveira was left out of the england cricket team for the 1968-69 tour of south africa, and the national association for freedom initially supported the apartheid system in south africa.	the freedom association was founded in 1975 as the national association for freedom by the viscount de l'isle, norris mcwhirter, ross mcwhirter ( killed in the same year by the ira) and john gouriet one of the founders was alec bedser, chairman of selectors when basil d'oliveira was left out of the england cricket team for the 1968-69 tour of south africa, and the national association for freedom initially supported the apartheid system in south africa.
there are subtle differences between the view of theosis in catholicism and eastern orthodoxy, mostly centering around the practice of hesychasm .	there are differences between the view of theosis in catholicism and eastern orthodoxy, mostly centering around the practice of hesychasm .
there is also a popular youth centre, rkdia.	there is also a youth centre, rkdia.
the film exploits the idea of a global doomsday event coinciding with the end of the mayan long count calendar's current cycle on or around december 21, 2012 (the northern hemisphere's winter solstice).	the film is inspired the idea of a global doomsday event coinciding with the end of the mayan long count calendar's current cycle on or around december 21, 2012 (the northern hemisphere's winter solstice).
"the basshunter song ""boten anna"" makes many references to irc bots, but confusingly also features the singer riding a boat, which is wordplay of the swedish language bot (bot) and boat (bt) in swedish are pronounced similarly."	"the basshunter song ""boten anna"" makes many references to irc bots, but also features the singer riding a boat, which is wordplay of the swedish language bot (bot) and boat (bt) in swedish are pronounced similarly."
it is one of sydney's top selective high schools, consistently achieving an above average median mark in the new south wales higher school certificate.	it is one of sydney's selective high schools, consistently achieving an above average median mark in the new south wales higher school certificate.
it is great with spare ribs, noodles, and just about any chinese dish.	it is commonly eaten with spare ribs, noodles, and just about any chinese dish.
in duke history, forty students have been honored with this prestigious scholarship.	in duke history, forty students have been honored with this scholarship.
"he also appeared with his wife on an episode of little house on the prairie entitled ""the collection"" and gave a stirring performance as john brown in the 1985 civil war television mini-series north and south."	"he also appeared with his wife on an episode of little house on the prairie entitled ""the collection"" and gave a performance as john brown in the 1985 civil war television mini-series north and south."
"his cautionary tales for children; humorous poems with an implausible moral, beautifully illustrated by basil temple blackwood (signing as ""b.t.b."")"	"his cautionary tales for children; humorous poems with an implausible moral, illustrated by basil temple blackwood (signing as ""b.t.b."")"
with less than 10 seconds remaining, jordan started to dribble right, crossed over to his left, gave byron russell a shove, pulled up, and fired his shot.	with less than 10 seconds remaining, jordan started to dribble right, crossed over to his left, appearing to give byron russell a shove, pulled up, and fired his shot.
when used for making chains, the persian weave makes a dense chain with a fascinating ring pattern.	when used for making chains, the persian weave makes a dense chain with a ring pattern.
influential landscape architect, designer and teacher; recipient of national medal of arts (2002)	landscape architect, designer and teacher; recipient of national medal of arts (2002)
most of the terrorists remained in french government service.	most of the dgse members remained in french government service.
this means he now has the unusual distinction of having played in every position on the field, including goalkeeper.	this means he now has the distinction of having played in every position on the field, including goalkeeper.
they say repressing those feelings may cause future psychological damage, which is broadly refuted by those in the ex-gay movement.	they say repressing those feelings may cause future psychological damage, which is broadly denied by those in the ex-gay movement.
the area in which the palestine pound circulated was divided into several political entities: the state of israel, the hashemite kingdom of transjordan, the jordanian- ruled west bank and the egyptian-occupied gaza strip.	the area in which the palestine pound circulated was divided into several political entities: the state of israel, the hashemite kingdom of transjordan, the jordanian- occupied west bank and the egyptian-occupied gaza strip.
linford christie (born april 2, 1960) is a former british athlete and the only man ever to win olympic, world, commonweath and european 100 m gold medals.	linford christie (born april 2, 1960) is a disgraced british athlete and the only man ever to win olympic, world, commonweath and european 100 m gold medals.
harrison is said to be one of the most powerful men in the uk in 2014 and is the main reason as to why george osbourne can do his job efficiently.	harrison is said to be one of the most powerful men in the uk in 2014 and to be the main reason as to why george osbourne can do his job efficiently.
gottipati brahmaiah (december 3 1889 - 1984) was a well-known freedom fighter, popularly known as ryotu pedda (leader of farmers).	gottipati brahmaiah (december 3 1889 - 1984) was a freedom fighter, popularly known as ryotu pedda (leader of farmers).
the murders were committed the next day and the prosecution alleged that lundy committed the crime for his wife's life insurance.	the murders were committed the next day and the prosecution argued that lundy committed the crime for his wife's life insurance.
"while clark admits that this is an ""extremely obscure legend,"" she presupposes that the scene must be based on a germanic legend, and can find no other instance in the entire norse mythology of a horse weeping over a dead body."	"while clark admits that this is an ""extremely obscure legend,"" she assumes that the scene must be based on a germanic legend, and can find no other instance in the entire norse mythology of a horse weeping over a dead body."
mao's army, and the people's republic of china, later liberated tibet in 1951.	mao's army, and the people's republic of china, later entered tibet in 1951.
in a gas filled tube, xenon emits a beautiful blue glow when the gas is excited by electrical discharge.	in a gas filled tube, xenon emits a blue glow when the gas is excited by electrical discharge.
"for example, the group krumme 13 (""crooked 13"") counsels convicted pedophiles to continue their activities once released."	"for example, the group krumme 13 (""crooked 13"") counsels convicted child-molesters to continue their activities once released."
center for strategic studies is a leading iranian think tank on strategy issues.	center for strategic studies is a iranian think tank on strategy issues.
"for the story, he also won the society of american business editors and writers award for best enterprise reporting and was selected as a finalist for the prestigious michael kelly award ""for fearless expression and pursuit of truth in journalism."""	"for the story, he also won the society of american business editors and writers award for best enterprise reporting and was selected as a finalist for the michael kelly award ""for fearless expression and pursuit of truth in journalism."""
sidious untruthfully told him that anakin/vader had killed padm in anger.	sidious told him that anakin/vader had killed padm in anger.
from neutrality to the intervention in the war	from neutrality to the neutralization in the war
jean-marie le pen (born june 20, 1928, la trinit-sur-mer france) is a french far-right nationalist politician, founder and president of the front national party, and a perennial candidate for the french presidency.	jean-marie le pen (born june 20, 1928, la trinit-sur-mer france) is a french far-right nationalist politician, founder and president of the front national party, and a candidate for the french presidency.
he was inducted into the international hockey hall of fame in 1950.	he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1950.
the wildrose alliance party of alberta is a small right-wing provincial political party in alberta, canada.	the wildrose alliance party of alberta is a right-wing provincial political party in alberta, canada.
despite his party holding a majority in the house and senate, the ambitious effort to create a national healthcare system ultimately died under heavy public pressure.	despite his party holding a majority in the house and senate, the effort to create a national healthcare system ultimately died under heavy public pressure.
major towns include mayerthorpe and whitecourt.	towns include mayerthorpe and whitecourt.
"mabel wisse smit and prince friso of orange-nassau announced their engagement on june 30, 2003. on october 10, prime-minister jan peter balkenende wrote in a letter to parliament that she had given ""incomplete and incorrect information"" about the duration and extent of her relationship with drug kingpin klaas bruinsma, and that because of this, the government had decided not to seek permission for the marriage from parliament."	"mabel wisse smit and prince friso of orange-nassau announced their engagement on june 30, 2003. on october 10, prime-minister jan peter balkenende wrote in a letter to parliament that she had given ""incomplete and incorrect information"" about the duration and extent of her contacts with drug kingpin klaas bruinsma, and that because of this, the government had decided not to seek permission for the marriage from parliament."
veronika vaekov (born june 19 1977) is a czech supermodel .	veronika vaekov (born june 19 1977) is a czech model .
"the ""dream team"" easily won the men's basketball gold medal."	"the ""dream team"" won the men's basketball gold medal."
the movie is set in the 2000's in the exclusive beach community of east hampton, new york, where famous children's book author ted cole (played by jeff bridges), his beautiful wife marion (kim basinger) and their young daughter ruth (elle fanning) live.	the movie is set in the 2000's in the exclusive beach community of east hampton, new york, where famous children's book author ted cole (played by jeff bridges), his wife marion (kim basinger) and their young daughter ruth (elle fanning) live.
this list of names for the biblically nameless compiles names given in jewish or christian mythology for characters who are unnamed in the bible itself.	this list of names for the biblically nameless compiles names given in jewish or christian tradition for characters who are unnamed in the bible itself.
sangiovese is being planted in vineyards worldwide as part of growing fashion for italian style wines, but has not produced wines anywhere near the quality of a great brunello.	sangiovese is being planted in vineyards worldwide as part of growing fashion for italian style wines, some believe it has not produced wines anywhere near the quality of a great brunello.
"many students are taught that certain conjunctions (such as ""and"", ""but"", and ""so"") should not begin sentences, although authorities such as the chicago manual of style proclaim that this teaching has ""no historical or grammatical foundation""."	"many students are taught that certain conjunctions (such as ""and"", ""but"", and ""so"") should not begin sentences, although authorities such as the chicago manual of style state that this teaching has ""no historical or grammatical foundation""."
"it was revealed on august 8, 2006 that allen owned stock in barr pharmaceuticals, the only american maker of the plan b ""morning after pill""."	"it was reported on august 8, 2006 that allen owned stock in barr pharmaceuticals, the only american maker of the plan b ""morning after pill""."
jordan is best known for his role of karen's pretentious, sexually ambiguous rival beverley leslie on the hit series will & grace.	jordan is best known for his role of karen's pretentious, sexually ambiguous rival beverley leslie on the series will & grace.
despite j k rowling's assertions that she did not have any particular age group in mind when she began to write the harry potter books, her publishers initially targeted them at children aged around 9 to 15. however they have acquired fans of all ages, and the books have more recently been released in two editions, one with the original 'children's' cover artwork and one with artwork more consciously aimed at adult readers.	despite j k rowling's assertions that she did not have any particular age group in mind when she began to write the harry potter books, her publishers initially targeted them at young readers, aged around 9 to 15. however they have acquired fans of all ages, and the books have more recently been released in two editions, one with the original 'children's' cover artwork and one with artwork more consciously aimed at adult readers.
romero is a wonderful comedienne , combining as she does a stately beauty and aristocratic nose with eyes that slant just (and maddeningly) so, plus a sense of humor game enough to undercut her impeccable poise; dolphy does well in a supporting role as comic sidekick with an insatiable appetite.	romero is a wonderful comedian , combining as she does a stately beauty and aristocratic nose with eyes that slant just (and maddeningly) so, plus a sense of humor game enough to undercut her impeccable poise; dolphy does well in a supporting role as comic sidekick with an insatiable appetite.
andrew jackson barchfeld (may 18, 1863 january 28, 1922) was a republican member of the u.s. house of representatives from pennsylvania.	andrew jackson barchfeld (may 18, 1863 january 28, 1922) was a republican member of the united states house of representatives from pennsylvania.
it is the one, holy, catholic and apostolic church established by jesus christ and his apostles almost 2,000 years ago.	it sees itself as the one, holy, catholic and apostolic church established by jesus christ and his apostles almost 2,000 years ago.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, or the uk) is a country in northwestern europe, one of two sovereign states occupying the british isles, the other being the republic of ireland.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, or the uk) is a state in northwestern europe, one of two sovereign states occupying the british isles, the other being the republic of ireland.
south park is an award-winning american animated television comedy series about four third/fourth-grade school boys who live in the small, backward mountain town of south park, colorado.	south park is an american animated television comedy series about four third/fourth-grade school boys who live in the small, backward mountain town of south park, colorado.
morgan played in the opening match of the world twenty20 against holland, but after england's embarrassing defeat played no further part in the tournament.	morgan played in the opening match of the world twenty20 against holland, but after england's defeat played no further part in the tournament.
"bug parties (or ""conversion parties"") are gatherings at which gift givers and bug chasers meet to have sex, so that the hiv negative men may catch the disease."	"bug parties (or ""conversion parties"") are gatherings at which gift givers and bug chasers meet to have sex, so that the hiv negative individuals may catch the disease."
alireza jafarzadeh, is an anti-iran terrorist , and a member of the national council of resistance (ncr), an umbrella coalition of which the mojahedin-e-khalq (mek) are a member organisation.	alireza jafarzadeh, is an anti-iran activist , and a member of the national council of resistance (ncr), an umbrella coalition of which the mojahedin-e-khalq (mek) are a member organisation.
after two years of the show, six albums, a movie, and a television special, tork had had enough and quit the group, striking out on his own with a group called “release.” this new band never achieved success, and problems with drugs and alcohol led to his leaving show business entirely for a few years while he taught school and coached basketball.	after two years of the show, six albums, a movie, and a television special, tork had had enough and quit the group, striking out on his own with a group called “release.” this new band never achieved success, and problems with drugs including alcohol led to his leaving show business entirely for a few years while he taught school and coached basketball.
daniel o'connell (6 august, 1775 – 15 may, 1847), known as the liberator or the emancipator, was ireland's predominant political leader in the first half of the nineteenth century who championed the cause of the down-trodden catholic population.	daniel o'connell (6 august, 1775 – 15 may, 1847), known as the liberator or the emancipator, was ireland's predominant political leader in the first half of the nineteenth century who championed the cause of the catholic population.
in the handbook issued to new employees, the strict rules as to the conduct and behaviour of employees are written.	in the handbook issued to new employees, the rules as to the conduct and behaviour of employees are written.
on october 11, 2017, the boy scouts of america divisively announced that starting in 2018, girls may be admitted into its cub scout program.	on october 11, 2017, the boy scouts of america announced that starting in 2018, girls may be admitted into its cub scout program.
trans is the twelfth studio album by canadian musician neil young, released in 1982. recorded partially and released during his notorious geffen era in the 1980s, trans baffled many neil young fans.	trans is the twelfth studio album by canadian musician neil young, released in 1982. recorded partially and released during his geffen era in the 1980s, trans baffled many neil young fans.
the u.s. presidential election of 2000 took place on election day, tuesday, november 7. the republican candidate, george w. bush won the election to the presidency, defeating democratic challenger al gore.	the u.s. presidential election of 2000 took place on election day, tuesday, november 7. the republican candidate, george w. bush won the election to the presidency, defeating democratic candidate al gore.
aaj ka ram avtar mla is a 1984 film starring starring superstar rajesh khanna in the lead role.	aaj ka ram avtar mla is a 1984 film starring starring rajesh khanna in the lead role.
captain hazelton built a fine home in forest glen which still stands, and started a sunday school that evolved into the first congregational church of forest glen.	captain hazelton built a home in forest glen which still stands, and started a sunday school that evolved into the first congregational church of forest glen.
haasan was noted for his performance in mani ratnam's godfatheresque tamil film nayagan (1987), rated by time magazine as one of the best films in cinema history.	haasan was noted for his performance in mani ratnam's tamil film nayagan (1987), rated by time magazine as one of the best films in cinema history.
ebay have been to court in an attempt to suppress a third party company from using bots to traverse their site looking for bargains; unfortunately this approach backfired on ebay and attracted the attentions of further bots.	ebay have been to court in an attempt to suppress a third party company from using bots to traverse their site looking for bargains; this approach backfired on ebay and attracted the attentions of further bots.
the guru reminds us how, while remembering the lord, sexual desire can be overcome, thus:	the guru reminds the believer how, while remembering the lord, sexual desire can be overcome, thus:
"author and recognized public intellectual, naomi klein wrote in her book the shock doctrine about a recurrent metaphor of shock, and claims - amongst critical response - in an interview that the bush administration has continued to exploit a ""window of opportunity that opens up in a state of shock"", subsequently followed with a comforting rationale for the public as a form of social control, and a support for their foreign and domestic policies with synergistic effects on economy, politics and sociopsychology."	"author and public intellectual, naomi klein wrote in her book the shock doctrine about a recurrent metaphor of shock, and claims - amongst critical response - in an interview that the bush administration has continued to exploit a ""window of opportunity that opens up in a state of shock"", subsequently followed with a comforting rationale for the public as a form of social control, and a support for their foreign and domestic policies with synergistic effects on economy, politics and sociopsychology."
patriarch filaret (secular name in ukrainian mykhailo antonovych denysenko, in russian mikhail antonovich denisenko, officially his holiness, the patriarch of kyiv and all rus - ukraine filaret; born 23 january 1930 ) is the head of the non-canonical ukrainian orthodox church of the kyivan patriarchate (since 1995), and a former metropolitan bishop of the russian orthodox church (until 1992; excommunicated in 1997).	patriarch filaret (secular name in ukrainian mykhailo antonovych denysenko, in russian mikhail antonovich denisenko, officially his holiness, the patriarch of kyiv and all rus - ukraine filaret; born 23 january 1930 ) is the head of the ukrainian orthodox church of the kyivan patriarchate (since 1995), and a former metropolitan bishop of the russian orthodox church (until 1992; excommunicated in 1997).
zindine yazid zidane (arabic: , transliteration: zin a-din zidan) (born june 23, 1972, in marseille, france), nicknamed zizou, is a french football player of kabyle muslim descent, currently contracted to real madrid.	zindine yazid zidane (arabic: , transliteration: zin a-din zidan) (born june 23, 1972, in marseille, france), nicknamed zizou, is a french football player of kabyle descent, currently contracted to real madrid.
mariotti's criticism of the newspaper industry and his resignation from the newspaper prompted a public rebuttal from fellow sun-times employee and iconic movie critic roger ebert, who defended the newspaper business and criticized mariotti's penchant for writing sensationalist columns during his time there.	mariotti's criticism of the newspaper industry and his resignation from the newspaper prompted a public rebuttal from fellow sun-times employee and movie critic roger ebert, who defended the newspaper business and criticized mariotti's penchant for writing sensationalist columns during his time there.
this list uses a similar definition to the list of automotive superlatives.	this list uses a different definition to the list of automotive superlatives.
the ballester molina is a fascinating pistol that while is actually more a copy of a spanish star pistol rather than a 1911 colt, was manufactured in .45 caliber and has a few parts, mainly barrel, magazine, recoil spring, that are interchangeable with colt 1911 parts.	the ballester molina is a pistol that while is actually more a copy of a spanish star pistol rather than a 1911 colt, was manufactured in .45 caliber and has a few parts, mainly barrel, magazine, recoil spring, that are interchangeable with colt 1911 parts.
it is based on the life and career of broadway and film star and comedienne fanny brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler nicky arnstein.	it is based on the life and career of broadway and film star and comedian fanny brice and her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler nicky arnstein.
this film was written and directed by bill condon (dreamgirls) and was a powerful story about the loss of creativity, ambiguous sexuality and unlikely bonds between a not-too-bright straight gardener and a gay, torured and ailing filmmaker.	this film was written and directed by bill condon (dreamgirls) and was a story about the loss of creativity, ambiguous sexuality and unlikely bonds between a not-too-bright straight gardener and a gay, torured and ailing filmmaker.
inevitably , the alkn became one of chicago's largest and most violent street gangs.	eventually , the alkn became one of chicago's largest and most violent street gangs.
however, the u.s. is often criticized for contradicting the government's founding principles.	however, the u.s. is occasionally criticized for contradicting the government's founding principles.
"wales has been a passionate adherent of ayn rand's objectivism, which encyclopaedia britannica describes as ""essentially reversing the traditional judeo-christian ethic""."	"wales has been a adherent of ayn rand's objectivism, which encyclopaedia britannica describes as ""essentially reversing the traditional judeo-christian ethic""."
shefa-'amr, also shfar'am is a predominantly palestinian arab city in the north district of israel.	shefa-'amr, also shfar'am is a predominantly arab city in the north district of israel.
taiwan social-politics critic long ying tai notes that asian values are merely a doublespeak on suppressing universal values of freedom of speech and human rights.	taiwan social-politics critic long ying tai argues that asian values are merely a doublespeak on suppressing universal values of freedom of speech and human rights.
"additionally, congress has the power to impeach and remove the president from office if they believe his actions (or inactions) give ""aid and comfort"" to an enemy."	"additionally, congress has the power to impeach and remove the president from office if they believe actions (or inactions) give ""aid and comfort"" to an enemy."
inarguably the earliest illustration of the butterfly effect in a story on film, an angel in it's a wonderful life (1946) shows george bailey how rewriting history so that george was never born would detrimentally affect the lives of everyone in his hometown.	in arguably the earliest illustration of the butterfly effect in a story on film, an angel in it's a wonderful life (1946) shows george bailey how rewriting history so that george was never born would detrimentally affect the lives of everyone in his hometown.
"jimmy donal ""jimbo"" wales (born august 7, 1966) is an american internet entrepreneur known for his role in developing wikipedia, a free open content encyclopedia which was founded in 2001."	"jimmy donal ""jimbo"" wales (born august 7, 1966) is an american internet entrepreneur known for his role in developing wikipedia, a free open content encyclopedia which he co- founded in 2001."
the 4th season of the series was rebroadcast on singapore's channel 5 in 2008 as a tribute to shum, after her passing .	the 4th season of the series was rebroadcast on singapore's channel 5 in 2008 as a tribute to shum, after her death .
a pack of 1,000 pieces of goldbeater's skin requires the gut of about 400 oxen and is only one inch thick.	a pack of 1,000 pieces of goldbeater's skin requires the gut of about 400 oxen and is one inch thick.
"the gaza flotilla raid also known as the flotilla incident of 31 may 2010, was a military attack by israel against six ships of the ""gaza freedom flotilla"" on may 31, 2010. the flotilla, organized by the free gaza movement and the turkish foundation for human rights and freedoms and humanitarian relief (hh), was carrying humanitarian aid and construction materials, as well as ballistic vests, gas masks, night-vision goggles, and large sums of money, intent on breaking israel's blockade of the gaza strip."	"the gaza flotilla raid also known as the flotilla incident of 31 may 2010, was a military operation by israel against six ships of the ""gaza freedom flotilla"" on may 31, 2010. the flotilla, organized by the free gaza movement and the turkish foundation for human rights and freedoms and humanitarian relief (hh), was carrying humanitarian aid and construction materials, as well as ballistic vests, gas masks, night-vision goggles, and large sums of money, intent on breaking israel's blockade of the gaza strip."
according to mainstream economic theory, regulated fractional-reserve banking also benefits the economy by providing regulators with powerful tools for manipulating the money supply and interest rates, which many see as essential to a healthy economy.	according to mainstream economic theory, regulated fractional-reserve banking also benefits the economy by providing regulators with tools for manipulating the money supply and interest rates, which many see as essential to a healthy economy.
final destination - the freakish fatalities at the boxing match; also, james earl jones is run over by a passing bus while he narrates mankind 's victory through love, similar to amanda detmer's character in the film.	final destination - the freakish fatalities at the boxing match; also, james earl jones is run over by a passing bus while he narrates humanity 's victory through love, similar to amanda detmer's character in the film.
the hebrew ezra-nehemiah was translated into greek in the centuries immediately before the time of christ .	the hebrew ezra-nehemiah was translated into greek in the centuries immediately before the time of jesus .
"the npc has included a ""taiwan"" delegation since the 4th npc in 1975, in line with the prc's position that taiwan is a renegade province of china."	"the npc has included a ""taiwan"" delegation since the 4th npc in 1975, in line with the prc's position that taiwan is a province of china."
the album received extremely positive reviews, and was rated as the best album of 2004 by public review congregation website rate your music .	the album received positive reviews, and was rated as the best album of 2004 by public review congregation website rate your music .
elected to the first dil in the 1918 general election, he was named minister for defence in the new, illegal government and later assistant minister for defence.	elected to the first dil in the 1918 general election, he was named minister for defence in the new, self-proclaimed government and later assistant minister for defence.
rifai is a name which originates from sufi saint shaikh ahmed ar-rifai who was born in the wasit region in baghdad, iraq in 1118. shaikh rifai committed himself to memorise the holy koran at the age of seven years and he is the founder of the rifai sufi order.	rifai is a name which originates from sufi saint shaikh ahmed ar-rifai who was born in the wasit region in baghdad, iraq in 1118. shaikh rifai committed himself to memorise the koran at the age of seven years and he is the founder of the rifai sufi order.
cira centre south is now under construction after a small delay due to a lack of tenants.	cira centre south is now under construction after a delay due to a lack of tenants.
ever since he appeared in the milk cup in 2003, guzan has found himself linked with a host of top european clubs, and his superb performances in the 2007 mls season (in which he won the goalkeeper of the year award), as well as with the u.s. national team have made interest even stronger.	ever since he appeared in the milk cup in 2003, guzan has found himself linked with a host of top european clubs, and his performances in the 2007 mls season (in which he won the goalkeeper of the year award), as well as with the u.s. national team have made interest even stronger.
each person will then get 6 cards each.	each person will then receive 6 cards each.
"on july 22, 2005, ignorant florida attorney jack thompson attacked electronic arts and the sims 2. thompson claimed the sims 2 was ""worse than hot coffee"" (a reference to the grand theft auto: san andreas' hot coffee mod) because, using a mod, players could see nude sims."	"on july 22, 2005, florida attorney jack thompson attacked electronic arts and the sims 2. thompson claimed the sims 2 was ""worse than hot coffee"" (a reference to the grand theft auto: san andreas' hot coffee mod) because, using a mod, players could see nude sims."
emeryville is a booming small city located in alameda county, california, in the united states.	emeryville is a small city located in alameda county, california, in the united states.
"mahmoud abbas, president of the palestinian national authority, called the killings a ""bloody massacre"" and demanded international intervention."	"mahmoud abbas, president of the palestinian national authority, called the event a ""bloody massacre"" and demanded international intervention."
puttaparthi is the birth place and abode of bhagwan sathya sai baba.	puttaparthi is the birth place and abode of sathya sai baba.
lafayette ronald hubbard (march 13 1911 – january 24 1986), better known as l. ron hubbard, was a prolific american author and founder of the pseudo-religion scientology.	lafayette ronald hubbard (march 13 1911 – january 24 1986), better known as l. ron hubbard, was a prolific american author and founder of the controversial church of scientology.
"ensueos de amor, literally ""daydreams of love"", is a ""dreamy"" oil on wood painting by filipino painter and hero juan luna."	"ensueos de amor, literally ""daydreams of love"", is a ""dreamy"" oil on wood painting by filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna."
yet trump has solicited the support of religious leaders, inviting in september 2015 dozens of christian and jewish leaders to his new york city offices for a meeting and laying on of hands prayer gathering.	trump has solicited the support of religious leaders, inviting in september 2015 dozens of christian and jewish leaders to his new york city offices for a meeting and laying on of hands prayer gathering.
|pro- choice activists before the washington monument at the march for women's lives.	|pro- abortion activists before the washington monument at the march for women's lives.
finally, on 20 october 1883, peru and chile signed the treaty of ancn, by which tarapac province was forcefully ceded to the victor.	finally, on 20 october 1883, peru and chile signed the treaty of ancn, by which tarapac province was ceded to the victor.
mary louise streep, mostly known as meryl streep (born june 22, 1949) is an american actress who has worked in theatre, television, and film.	mary louise streep, mostly known as meryl streep (born june 22, 1949) is a two-time academy award-winning american actress who has worked in theatre, television, and film.
the lack of a pier for bigger boats - due to financial constraints - is luckily keeping a break on construction growth.	the lack of a pier for bigger boats - due to financial constraints - is keeping a break on construction growth.
in the past so-called xenophobic ethnic policies may be seen as congruent to white nationalism.	in the past xenophobic ethnic policies may be seen as congruent to white nationalism.
in 2006, vank criticized chinese attempts to characterize the ancient korean kingdoms of goguryeo and balhae, which were located in the northern part of the korean penninsula and manchuria, as elements of chinese, rather than korean, history.	in 2006, vank criticized chinese attempts to characterize the ancient kingdoms of goguryeo and balhae, which were located in the northern part of the korean penninsula and manchuria, as elements of chinese, rather than korean, history.
the actual meaning of the terms ante meridiem (before noon) and post meridiem (after noon) are obviously not applicable at exactly noon or midnight.	the actual meaning of the terms ante meridiem (before noon) and post meridiem (after noon) are not applicable at exactly noon or midnight.
until the 19th century, a single gangsta craftsman or team of craftsmen would create each part of a product individually, and assemble them together into a single item, making changes in the parts so that they would fit together - the so-called sluts of manufacture.	until the 19th century, a single craftsman or team of craftsmen would create each part of a product individually, and assemble them together into a single item, making changes in the parts so that they would fit together - the so-called sluts of manufacture.
maulana muhammad yousuf ludhianvi (1932–18 may 2000) was a great muslim scholar and naib amir (vice president) of aalmi majlis-i-tahafuz-i-khatm-i-nabuwwat 1. he was born in esapur, ludhiana, eastern punjab, india and was martyred in karachi, pakistan.	maulana muhammad yousuf ludhianvi (1932–18 may 2000) was a great muslim scholar and naib amir (vice president) of aalmi majlis-i-tahafuz-i-khatm-i-nabuwwat 1. he was born in esapur, ludhiana, eastern punjab, india and was killed in karachi, pakistan .
gore shows off several majestic photographs of the earth taken from multiple space missions, as earthrise and the blue marble.	gore shows off several photographs of the earth taken from multiple space missions, as earthrise and the blue marble.
1978 – in jonestown, guyana, jim jones led his peoples temple cult to a mass murder-suicide that claimed 918 lives in all, 909 of them in jonestown itself, including over 270 children.	1978 – in jonestown, guyana, jim jones led his peoples temple to a mass murder-suicide that claimed 918 lives in all, 909 of them in jonestown itself, including over 270 children.
margaret cho, american comedienne and actress	margaret cho, american comedian and actress
"block time overcomes these various difficulties by considering all points in time to be equally valid frames of reference; equally ""real"", if one prefers."	"block time addresses these various difficulties by considering all points in time to be equally valid frames of reference; equally ""real"", if one prefers."
unfortunately , wi-fi protected setup was recently broken and has been shown to be easily breakable with brute-force attacks.	however , wi-fi protected setup was recently broken and has been shown to be easily breakable with brute-force attacks.
the bosnian war or the war in bosnia and herzegovina was an international armed conflict that took place in bosnia and herzegovina between april 1992 and december 1995. the war involved several sides.	the bosnian war or the war in bosnia and herzegovina was an armed conflict that took place in bosnia and herzegovina between april 1992 and december 1995. the war involved several sides.
the right half shows the photo adjusted to make a gray surface white in the same light.	the right half shows the photo adjusted to make a gray surface neutral in the same light.
gasparo hauser (this is the book montag takes in the film, as opposed to the holy bible in the novel)	gasparo hauser (this is the book montag takes in the film, as opposed to the bible in the novel)
the frank l. smith bank, also known as the first national bank of dwight, is a bank in dwight, illinois, united states that was designed by master american architect frank lloyd wright.	the frank l. smith bank, also known as the first national bank of dwight, is a bank in dwight, illinois, united states that was designed by american architect frank lloyd wright.
by the mid-to-late 1980s it had become largely derelict and was controversially redeveloped as a pedestrian and tourist precinct as an initiative of then new south wales minister for public works, laurie brereton.	by the mid-to-late 1980s it had become largely derelict and was redeveloped as a pedestrian and tourist precinct as an initiative of then new south wales minister for public works, laurie brereton.
"although usually considered an austrian school economist, fetter often referred to himself, thorstein veblen, and herbert j. davenport as being members of the ""american psychological school."""	"although usually considered an austrian school economist, fetter referred to himself, thorstein veblen, and herbert j. davenport as being members of the ""american psychological school."""
later, in the 18th century and 19th century, many islamic regions fell under the tutelage of european imperial powers.	later, in the 18th century and 19th century, many islamic regions fell under the influence of european imperial powers.
hierapolis (greek: 'holy city') was the ancient greek city on top of the famous pamukkale hot springs located in south western turkey near denizli.	hierapolis (greek: 'holy city') was the ancient greek city on top of the pamukkale hot springs located in south western turkey near denizli.
premiering on cbs on november 22, 1976, and consisting entirely of new animation, this stylish prime time tv special represented bugs bunny and company's first foray into prime time television since the early 1960s.	premiering on cbs on november 22, 1976, and consisting entirely of new animation, this prime time tv special represented bugs bunny and company's first foray into prime time television since the early 1960s.
the npa extorts from business owners in areas where it operates.	the npa collects from business owners in areas where it operates.
death by a thousand cuts is a factual book by the historians timothy brook and gregory blue and scientific researcher jrme bourgon which examines the use of slow slicing or lingchi, a barbaric form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-imperial china from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905.	death by a thousand cuts is a book by the historians timothy brook and gregory blue and scientific researcher jrme bourgon which examines the use of slow slicing or lingchi, a barbaric form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-imperial china from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905.
"in the minutes after it was announced that the order of canada was being presented to abortionist henry morgentaler on canada day 2008, rod bruinooge called the award ""reprehensible""."	"in the minutes after it was announced that the order of canada was being presented to abortion provider and pro-choice advocate henry morgentaler on canada day 2008, rod bruinooge called the award ""reprehensible""."
schmid, like widmer-schlumpf, was a member of the svp's moderate wing, and the svp's dominant national wing reckoned them both as traitors .	schmid, like widmer-schlumpf, was a member of the svp's moderate wing, and the svp's dominant national wing reckoned them both as unrepresentative of the svp's populist campaigns .
bhagwan swaminarayan's spiritual succession	swaminarayan's spiritual succession
much of the debate over their existence hinges on the definition of the term that is used, as various philosophers emphasize or deny the existence of certain properties .	much of the debate over their existence hinges on the definition of the term that is used, as various philosophers emphasize or deny the existence of certain features of qualia .
these dreadful plans led to the defection of some members of the mlo, who did not want to take part in any assassination, or who feared for their own lives.	these plans led to the defection of some members of the mlo, who did not want to take part in any assassination, or who feared for their own lives.
"the ""terrible towel"" is a gimmick created by beloved pittsburgh broadcaster myron cope for the steelers."	"the ""terrible towel"" is a gimmick created by pittsburgh broadcaster myron cope for the steelers."
this list is extremely controversial, due to the fact that it includes many dependencies that have democratically elected to maintain their territorial status, and rejected independence (or in some cases the parent state periodically organizes referrenda, as in the united states virgin islands, but there is insufficient voter interest), while other non-self-determining areas (such as tibet and many of the french overseas territories) are excluded.	this list is controversial, due to the fact that it includes many dependencies that have democratically elected to maintain their territorial status, and rejected independence (or in some cases the parent state periodically organizes referrenda, as in the united states virgin islands, but there is insufficient voter interest), while other non-self-determining areas (such as tibet and many of the french overseas territories) are excluded.
kumar gaurav studied at the elite bishop cotton school in simla.	kumar gaurav studied at the bishop cotton school in simla.
on october 31, 1963, while on a downtown beat which he had been patrolling for many years, cleveland police department detective martin mcfadden saw two men, john w. terry and richard chilton, standing on a street corner and acting suspiciously .	on october 31, 1963, while on a downtown beat which he had been patrolling for many years, cleveland police department detective martin mcfadden saw two men, john w. terry and richard chilton, standing on a street corner and acting in a way the officer thought suspicious .
unfortunely since it was cancelled due to low ratings, ecchan does not have a proper ending.	since it was cancelled due to low ratings, ecchan does not have a proper ending.
when the french government decided on printing a general catalogue of the printed books in the bibliothque, delisle became responsible for this great undertaking and took an active part in the work; in the preface to the first volume (1897) he gave a detailed history of the library and its management.	when the french government decided on printing a general catalogue of the printed books in the bibliothque, delisle became responsible for this undertaking and took an active part in the work; in the preface to the first volume (1897) he gave a detailed history of the library and its management.
the statue stood for only 56 years until rhodes was hit by the 226 bc rhodes earthquake, when significant damage was also done to large portions of the city, including the harbor and commercial buildings, which were destroyed.	the statue stood for 56 years until rhodes was hit by the 226 bc rhodes earthquake, when significant damage was also done to large portions of the city, including the harbor and commercial buildings, which were destroyed.
the singer then cynically suggests mental illness may be responsible for mankind 's continued participation in these dysfunctional systems.	the singer then cynically suggests mental illness may be responsible for humanity 's continued participation in these dysfunctional systems.
olga kurylenko, a world-famous model and actor, and the james bond girl in the bond film quantum of solace, was born and raised in berdyansk.	olga kurylenko , a model and actor, and the james bond girl in the bond film quantum of solace , was born and raised in berdyansk.
another notable trait of some thrash metal songs is that they will feature a slow guitar build-up for a pretty fast song.	another notable trait of some thrash metal songs is that they will feature a slow guitar build-up for a very fast song.
independent critics claim that many innocent civilians were killed, along with the militants arrested, tried, or killed or executed in fake encounters.	independent critics claim that many civilians were killed, along with the militants arrested, tried, or killed or executed in fake encounters.
elizabeth ramsey, 83, filipina comedienne , singer and actress, hyperglycemic attack.	elizabeth ramsey, 83, filipina comedian , singer and actress, hyperglycemic attack.
selfish queen -karishma talwar (queen)	queen -karishma talwar (queen)
"crowley's ""gnostic mass"" contains highly sexual material, as well as references to the author's modern satanic religion of thelema."	"crowley's ""gnostic mass"" contains highly sexual material, as well as references to the author's modern religion of thelema."
in addition to serbs and jews, members of other ethnicities were also victims: roma people, a small number of russian refugees who had fled russia after the bolshevik revolution, and even some local hungarians.	in addition to serbs and jews, members of other ethnicities were also victims: roma people, a small number of russian refugees who had fled russia after the bolshevik revolution, and some local hungarians.
melissa beck (born melissa howard), is a reality show personality, and comedienne , known for her time as a cast member on the 2000 reality television series the real world: new orleans, and the 2002 - 2005 prank show girls behaving badly.	melissa beck (born melissa howard), is a reality show personality, and comedian , known for her time as a cast member on the 2000 reality television series the real world: new orleans, and the 2002 - 2005 prank show girls behaving badly.
kerala state has made many exciting initiatives in the process of decentralization of powers.	kerala state has made many initiatives in the process of decentralization of powers.
in 1993, his name was found among hollywood madam heidi fleiss' list of her most frequent customers, and it was revealed that sheen hired top-class prostitutes from escort agencies.	in 1993, his name was found among hollywood madam heidi fleiss' list of her most frequent customers, and it was revealed that sheen hired highly compensated prostitutes from escort agencies.
the spectacular sets were designed by sean kenny.	the sets were designed by sean kenny.
along with the fountainhead, it is one of her two most famous novels, it is her tour de force, and many people hold it to be the greatest novel of all time.	along with the fountainhead, it is one of her two most famous novels, it is her tour de force, and many objectivists hold it to be the greatest novel of all time.
"one victim complained that benhayon ""controlled every aspect of our lives""."	"one ex partner of a universal medicine supporter complained that benhayon ""controlled every aspect of our lives""."
considered perhaps the greatest brazilian prose writer of the twentieth century, clarice lispector was born in chechelnyk, a village in ukraine and moved to brazil when she was two years old.	considered one of the greatest brazilian prose writer of the twentieth century, clarice lispector was born in chechelnyk, a village in ukraine and moved to brazil when she was two years old.
the gold coast having some the state's best beaches	the gold coast having some the state's most popular beaches
on july 9, anti-war challenger mark wilson announced he would abandon his bid, endorse cantwell, and take a paid position offered by cantwell's campaign, only one day after progressive activist and anti-war critic dal lamagna had been hired to be the cantwell campaign's co-chair.	on july 9, anti-war challenger mark wilson announced he would abandon his bid, endorse cantwell, and take a paid position offered by cantwell's campaign, one day after progressive activist and anti-war critic dal lamagna had been hired to be the cantwell campaign's co-chair.
highland hall is moving forward with its plan to finally construct a gymnasium, a performing arts center, a new science lab, a new traffic circle, and all new classrooms for grades 1 through 8.	highland hall is moving forward with its plan to construct a gymnasium, a performing arts center, a new science lab, a new traffic circle, and all new classrooms for grades 1 through 8.
(large gwases on height have since vindicated the estimate .)	(large gwases on height have since confirmed the estimate .)
unproven accusations of match fixing	accusations of match fixing
com wesham town website	org.uk wesham town website
woman's work is a beautiful poem composed by maya angelou.	woman's work is a poem composed by maya angelou.
in 2005, he appeared in a sketch in the comedy little britain though sadly the sketch was never used but can be seen in the deleted scenes special feature on the little britain series 3 dvd.	in 2005, he appeared in a sketch in the comedy little britain though the sketch was never used but can be seen in the deleted scenes special feature on the little britain series 3 dvd.
cranium's music (even the singer's accent) highly resembles german speed metal and thrash metal bands like kreator, sodom, and destruction.	cranium's music (even the singer's accent) resembles german speed metal and thrash metal bands like kreator, sodom, and destruction.
"in theological studies #26 (1965) p.545-73 he wrote the important article entitled ""does the nt call jesus god?"""	"in theological studies #26 (1965) p.545-73 he wrote the article entitled ""does the nt call jesus god?"""
paired with defending and eventual champion yani tseng in the final round, masson carded a disappointing 78 (+6) to finish tied for fifth, seven shots back.	paired with defending and eventual champion yani tseng in the final round, masson carded a 78 (+6) to finish tied for fifth, seven shots back.
like many of the folk museums on the darling downs the pittsworth museum combines a fine collection of old buildings - schools, the former post office, an 1895 cottage - with some fascinating memorabilia.	like many of the folk museums on the darling downs the pittsworth museum combines a fine collection of old buildings - schools, the former post office, an 1895 cottage - with some historical memorabilia.
he is a graduate of the prestigious plan ii program at the university of texas.	he is a graduate of the plan ii program at the university of texas.
haiti unfortunately suffers large death tolls from many hurricanes, and was particularly devastated by hurricane gordon.	haiti suffers large death tolls from many hurricanes, and was particularly devastated by hurricane gordon.
today, however, it is not uncommon for women to go topfree at public beaches throughout europe, south america, australia and new zealand.	today, however, it is not uncommon for women to go topless at public beaches throughout europe, south america, australia and new zealand.
"bondage is what the nazis saw as germany's ""servitude"" under the 1919 treaty of versailles, in which the victorious powers imposed huge reparations on germany, stripped her of her colonies in africa, asia and the pacific ocean, and even gave parts of germany to belgium, denmark, france, poland, and lithuania."	"bondage is what the nazis saw as germany's ""servitude"" under the 1919 treaty of versailles, in which the victorious powers imposed huge reparations on germany, stripped her of her colonies in africa, asia and the pacific ocean, and gave parts of germany to belgium, denmark, france, poland, and lithuania."
while in los angeles in 2015, she was invited by hugh hefner to visit the iconic playboy mansion.	while in los angeles in 2015, she was invited by hugh hefner to visit the playboy mansion.
(mi5 documents released in 2002 gave a harsh view of lady mosley and her political leanings.	(mi5 documents released in 2002 gave a strong view of lady mosley and her political leanings.
hamas is a terrorist palestinian islamist organization.	hamas is a palestinian islamist organization.
her maternal grandfather was renowned painter park no-soo, an important figure in korean art history, who led the first generation of modernized traditional korean ink painters who emerged after the country's liberation from the japanese imperialists .	her maternal grandfather was renowned painter park no-soo, an important figure in korean art history, who led the first generation of modernized traditional korean ink painters who emerged after the country's liberation from the japanese rule .
fans who attended games in veterans stadium for a football game gained a reputation of being among the most passionate/angriest/obnoxious in sports.	fans who attended games in veterans stadium for a football game gained a reputation of being among the most vociferous in sports.
the college has gained much publicity because of its strong ties with the republican party and the bush administration,	the college has gained much publicity because of its perceived ties with the republican party and the bush administration,
as for german offensive plans, meltyukhov rightly points out that the german leadership hoped for a rapid crushing defeat of the ussr which would have given germany necessary resources for victory in a long war with england, and maybe the usa.	as for german offensive plans, meltyukhov points out that the german leadership hoped for a rapid crushing defeat of the ussr which would have given germany necessary resources for victory in a long war with england, and maybe the usa.
this film was the last film in which the comedienne c. t. rajakantham (who became famous through the first tamil box-office hit comedy film sabapathy(1941)) acted.	this film was the last film in which the comedian c. t. rajakantham (who became famous through the first tamil box-office hit comedy film sabapathy(1941)) acted.
there are exceptional academic programmes that are cross-division and -departmental.	there are academic programmes that are cross-division and -departmental.
moringa is undergoing preliminary research to reveal potential properties of its nutrients and phytochemicals, some of which include antibacterial effects in vitro,	moringa is undergoing preliminary research to investigate the potential properties of its nutrients and phytochemicals, some of which include antibacterial effects in vitro,
"however, some ""psychic surgery"" procedures do not rely solely on the ""sleight of hand"" described, as at least one brazilian quack also cuts his victims' skin with an unsterilised scalpel to heighten the illusion."	"however, some ""psychic surgery"" procedures do not rely solely on the ""sleight of hand"" described, as at least one brazilian ""surgeon"" also cuts his victims' skin with an unsterilised scalpel to heighten the illusion."
alleged bisexuality and sexual exploits	possible bisexuality and sexual exploits
this demonstrates the ability of the topology to control the current in phase with the mains voltage (pfc capability).	this demonstrates the ability of the topology to control the current in phase with the mains voltage (power factor correction capability).
adam and eve, according to the creation myth of the abrahamic religions, were the first man and woman.	adam and eve, according to the creation account of the abrahamic religions, were the first man and woman.
"he retired on february 4, 2006, after a controversial loss to fellow competitor chuck ""iceman"" liddell."	"he retired on february 4, 2006, after a tko loss to fellow competitor chuck ""iceman"" liddell."
the rioters' suburbs are also home to a large north african immigrant population, adding ethnic and religious tensions which many believe contribute further to such frustrations.	the rioters' suburbs are also home to a large north african immigrant population, adding ethnic and religious tensions which some believe contribute further to such frustrations.
a long-overdue complete release of the series on dvd may soon come to pass.	a complete release of the series on dvd may soon come to pass.
twiggy (born lesley hornby; september 19, 1949) is an english supermodel , actress, and singer, now also known by her married name of twiggy lawson.	twiggy (born lesley hornby; september 19, 1949) is an english model , actress, and singer, now also known by her married name of twiggy lawson.
yaoi refers to homosexual male pairings, and yuri to lesbian pairings.	yaoi refers to homosexual male pairings, and yuri to homosexual female pairings.
mission college, as it is today, represents a union of three proud adventist institutions: southeast asia union college, singapore (est 1906), bangkok adventist hospital school of nursing (est 1947) and mission college, muak lek campus (est 1988).	mission college, as it is today, represents a union of three adventist institutions: southeast asia union college, singapore (est 1906), bangkok adventist hospital school of nursing (est 1947) and mission college, muak lek campus (est 1988).
located in atlanta's midtown, scad atlanta facilities provide classroom and exhibition space, well-equipped computer labs, library, photography darkrooms, printmaking and sculpture studios, a dining hall, fitness center, swimming pool and residence hall.	located in atlanta's midtown, scad atlanta facilities provide classroom and exhibition space, computer labs, library, photography darkrooms, printmaking and sculpture studios, a dining hall, fitness center, swimming pool and residence hall.
on 11 december 1941, several days after the japanese attack on pearl harbor and the united states declaration of war against the japanese empire, nazi germany declared war against the united states, in response to what was claimed to be a series of provocations by the united states government when the us was formally neutral during world war ii.	on 11 december 1941, several days after the japanese attack on pearl harbor and the united states declaration of war against the japanese empire, nazi germany declared war against the united states, in response to what was claimed to be a series of provocations by the united states government when the us was supposed to be neutral during world war ii.
in venezuela, many of the traditions are very similar to the ones from spain, with an over- emphasis in traditions that supposedly will bring good luck in the year forthcoming.	in venezuela, many of the traditions are very similar to the ones from spain, with an emphasis in traditions that supposedly will bring good luck in the year forthcoming.
muhammad ali is the only heavyweight champion to hold the lineal championship three times, beating sonny liston (1964), george foreman in an amazing comeback from a three-and-a-half year forced retirement (1974), and leon spinks in an upset by unanimous decision (1978).	muhammad ali is the only heavyweight champion to hold the lineal championship three times, beating sonny liston (1964), george foreman in an comeback from a three-and-a-half year forced retirement (1974), and leon spinks in an upset by unanimous decision (1978).
the university of nottingham is a prestigous public, co-educational institution of higher learning in the city of nottingham, england.	the university of nottingham is a public, co-educational institution of higher learning in the city of nottingham, england.
the demoscene is an interesting computer sub-culture that came to prominence during the rise of the 16 bit micros (the atari st and the amiga), but demos first appeared during the 8-bit era on computers such as c64 and zx spectrum.	the demoscene is an computer sub-culture that came to prominence during the rise of the 16 bit micros (the atari st and the amiga), but demos first appeared during the 8-bit era on computers such as c64 and zx spectrum.
patrick finucane (1949 12 february 1989) was a northern irish human rights lawyer murdered by loyalist paramilitaries acting in collusion with the british government intelligence service mi5.	patrick finucane (1949 12 february 1989) was a northern irish human rights lawyer killed by loyalist paramilitaries acting in collusion with the british government intelligence service mi5.
his first marriage in 1882 ended tragically two years later with the death of his wife jane, who was aged just 24.	his first marriage in 1882 ended two years later with the death of his wife jane, who was aged just 24.
1814, with twenty-four beautiful plates.	1814, with twenty-four plates.
one of the members, yoon bong-gil , ambushed and eliminated the japanese military leadership in shanghai on april 29, 1932. the commander of the japanese army and navy died instantly.	one of the members, yoon bong-gil , ambushed and assassinated the japanese military leadership in shanghai on april 29, 1932. the commander of the japanese army and navy died instantly.
web 2.0, a buzzword coined by o'reilly media in 2003	web 2.0, a phrase coined by o'reilly media in 2003
"winmau (pronounced ""win- more "" ) is a british manufacturer of dartboards, other darts equipment and title sponsor of the oldest darts tournament still running, the winmau world masters."	"winmau (pronounced ""win- maw "" ) is a british manufacturer of dartboards, other darts equipment and title sponsor of the oldest darts tournament still running, the winmau world masters."
augusto pinochet ugarte (born november 25 1915) was head of the military junta that ruled chile from 1973 to 1990, and which came to power in a coup which deposed the democratically elected marxist president salvador allende.	augusto pinochet ugarte (born november 25 1915) was head of the military junta that ruled chile from 1973 to 1990, and which came to power in a coup which deposed the democratically elected president salvador allende.
hops are today dried industrially and the many oast houses on farms have now been converted into desirable dwellings.	hops are today dried industrially and the many oast houses on farms have now been converted into dwellings.
its game species include yellow perch, sunfish, largemouth bass, northern pike, walleye, and especially muskellunge (or muskies).	its game species include yellow perch, sunfish, largemouth bass, northern pike, walleye, and muskellunge (or muskies).
in her later years, she suffered several strokes that left her partially incapacitated until her passing at a convalescent home in long beach, california.	in her later years, she suffered several strokes that left her partially incapacitated until her death at a convalescent home in long beach, california.
shlomo's (solomon's) heights) is a large jewish housing development in northern east jerusalem.	shlomo's (solomon's) heights) is a large housing development in northern east jerusalem.
the song has been parodied by sarah jessica parker in a charming gap commercial, as well as viral video works as i enjoy being al gore, and works based on harry potter, xena and battlestar galactica.	the song has been parodied by sarah jessica parker in a gap commercial, as well as viral video works as i enjoy being al gore, and works based on harry potter, xena and battlestar galactica.
he fought as an amateur for eleven years and was a member of the cuban national team until he was 25. diaz fought the legendary flix savn twice, and he reportedly scored two knockdowns in the fights, but savon won both by decision.	he fought as an amateur for eleven years and was a member of the cuban national team until he was 25. diaz fought the flix savn twice, and he reportedly scored two knockdowns in the fights, but savon won both by decision.
a us army ah-64a apache aboard during joint shipboard weapons and ordnance training	a us army apache aboard during joint shipboard weapons and ordnance training
"they emphasize the symmetry, completeness and near free-fall speed of the collapses, the reported sounds of explosions, the shooting out of debris and smoke ( allegedly caused by ""squibs""), and reports of molten metal."	"they emphasize the symmetry, completeness and near free-fall speed of the collapses, the reported sounds of explosions, the shooting out of debris and smoke ( possibly caused by ""squibs""), and reports of molten metal."
the name belladonna originates from the historic use by ladies (bella donna is italian for beautiful lady) to dilate their pupils; an extract of belladonna was used as eye drops as part of their makeup preparations.	the name belladonna originates from the historic use by women (bella donna is italian for beautiful lady) to dilate their pupils; an extract of belladonna was used as eye drops as part of their makeup preparations.
manuel estrada cabrera, dictator , born 1898	manuel estrada cabrera, president of guatemala , born 1898
"{ lat = 36.5257, long = 37.9145, mark = m. is , marksize = 4, label = ""umm as safa"", label_size = 0 },"	"{ lat = 36.5257, long = 37.9145, mark = m. sdf , marksize = 4, label = ""umm as safa"", label_size = 0 },"
in january 2013, ratajkowski posted a picture of her ample 14-year-old self on twitter in response to claims that she had undergone breast augmentation surgery.	in january 2013, ratajkowski posted a picture of her 14-year-old self on twitter in response to claims that she had undergone breast augmentation surgery.
"on december 4, 2018, hart was announced as the host of the 91st academy awards, but on december 6 he stepped down as host in response to public criticism of several homophobic tweets from 2010 and 2011, including tweets in which he used ""gay"" and ""fag"" pejoratively and another in which he said he would break a dollhouse over his sons head if he were caught playing with it."	"on december 4, 2018, hart was announced as the host of the 91st academy awards, but on december 6 he stepped down as host in response to public criticism of several tweets from 2010 and 2011, including tweets in which he used ""gay"" and ""fag"" pejoratively and another in which he said he would break a dollhouse over his sons head if he were caught playing with it."
the international order of saint stanislaus was founded in 1979 by the president of poland, juliusz nowina-sokolnicki head of one of the two governments that claimed to be the successor to the exiled polish government that fled to london in 1939. the international order of saint stanislaus is very active in humanitarian service in several countries on five continents.	the international order of saint stanislaus was founded in 1979 by the president of poland, juliusz nowina-sokolnicki head of one of the two governments that claimed to be the successor to the exiled polish government that fled to london in 1939. the international order of saint stanislaus is active in humanitarian service in several countries on five continents.
his work appeared in prestigious magazines such as the graphic, illustrated london news and the radio times.	his work appeared in magazines such as the graphic, illustrated london news and the radio times.
this anomaly is known as the west lothian question and has led to criticism.	this phemonomon is known as the west lothian question and has led to criticism.
"simarlarly western scholars who support the indo-aryan migration hypothesis have been attacked by hindu writers, such as arun shourie in his book ""eminent historians, their technology, their line, their fraud"", as being racist and having a eurocentric bias."	"simarlarly western scholars who support the indo-aryan migration hypothesis have been criticized by hindu writers, such as arun shourie in his book ""eminent historians, their technology, their line, their fraud"", as being racist and having a eurocentric bias."
standardization was also required in order to prevent the introduction into the liturgy of protestant ideas in the wake of the protestant revolt .	standardization was also required in order to prevent the introduction into the liturgy of protestant ideas in the wake of the protestant reformation .
by monday, 19 january 2009 diamantis matzounis the 21-year-old police officer seriously injured in the terrorist attack of 5 january 2009 was removed from intensive care following an improvement in his condition.	by monday, 19 january 2009 diamantis matzounis the 21-year-old police officer seriously injured in the attack of 5 january 2009 was removed from intensive care following an improvement in his condition.
john isaacs (september 15, 1915 – january 26, 2009) was an early african-american professional basketball player.	john isaacs (september 15, 1915 – january 26, 2009) was an african-american professional basketball player.
"these incidences reportedly did little to resolve the problems which were apparently at their roots: labor inequities persisted throughout the city, which stubbornly retained its ""open shop"" policies into the 1940s, and the challenges facing african americans in omaha with regard to economic inequity and social immobility are as striking as ever."	"these incidences reportedly did little to resolve the problems which were apparently at their roots: labor inequities persisted throughout the city, which retained its ""open shop"" policies into the 1940s, and the challenges facing african americans in omaha with regard to economic inequity and social immobility are as striking as ever."
on the 23 december 2006, richard jones-nerzic, a good teacher at ist was dismissed this decision raised some concern that it had been taken to remove a union representative from the staff, since some other sundep members were previously dismissed.	on the 23 december 2006, richard jones-nerzic, a teacher at ist was dismissed this decision raised some concern that it had been taken to remove a union representative from the staff, since some other sundep members were previously dismissed.
the loomis chaffee school is a prestigious college preparatory school for grades 9 through 12 located in historic windsor, connecticut, u.s. it has a total enrollment of 720, 400 boarding and 320 day students, and 150 faculty members.	the loomis chaffee school is a college preparatory school for grades 9 through 12 located in historic windsor, connecticut, u.s. it has a total enrollment of 720, 400 boarding and 320 day students, and 150 faculty members.
in the 1980s, blowback was a central theme in the legal and political debates about the efficacy of the militarist reagan doctrine advocating public and secret support of anti-communist counter-revolutionaries (usually the losers of civil wars), such as communist (nicaragua, 1981) by secretly funding the secret war of the militarily-defeated, right-wing contras against the left-wing sandinista government of nicaragua lead to the iran-contra affair, wherein the reagan administration sold american weapons to us enemy iran to arm the contras with warsaw pact weapons, and their consequent drug-dealing in american cities.	in the 1980s, blowback was a central theme in the legal and political debates about the efficacy of the reagan doctrine advocating public and secret support of anti-communist counter-revolutionaries (usually the losers of civil wars), such as communist (nicaragua, 1981) by secretly funding the secret war of the militarily-defeated, right-wing contras against the left-wing sandinista government of nicaragua lead to the iran-contra affair, wherein the reagan administration sold american weapons to us enemy iran to arm the contras with warsaw pact weapons, and their consequent drug-dealing in american cities.
the guerrillas had completed terrorist training in cuba to train venezuelan guerrillas in the venezuelan andes.	the guerrillas had completed paramilitary training in cuba to train venezuelan guerrillas in the venezuelan andes.
"every time you masturbate god kills a kitten is the headline of an image created by a member of the humorous website fark.com in 2002. the image is of a kitten, since known as ""clich kitty"", being chased by two domo-kun, and has the tagline ""please, think of the kittens""."	"every time you masturbate god kills a kitten is the headline of an image created by a member of the website fark.com in 2002. the image is of a kitten, since known as ""clich kitty"", being chased by two domo-kun, and has the tagline ""please, think of the kittens""."
silvio berlusconi (; born 29 september 1936) is an italian right-wing politician and media tycoon who served three times as prime minister of italy from 1994 to 1995, 2001 to 2006 and 2008 to 2011, led the country almost ten years and seven years as leader of opposition.	silvio berlusconi (; born 29 september 1936) is an italian politician and media tycoon who served three times as prime minister of italy from 1994 to 1995, 2001 to 2006 and 2008 to 2011, led the country almost ten years and seven years as leader of opposition.
for her italian cinema classes, she lectures on the italian neorealism of her father's works, emphasizing his later pioneering work for italian television.	for her italian cinema classes, she lectures on the italian neorealism of her father's works, emphasizing his later work for italian television.
his wife, susan weeks, was also an archaeologist and a gifted artist before her passing in december 2009.	his wife, susan weeks, was also an archaeologist and a gifted artist before her death in december 2009.
fox's appointment had been thwarted in congress because he had donated $50,000 to the swift boat veterans for truth during the 2004 presidential campaign, a group whose misleading advertisements many democrats blamed for john kerry's loss.	fox's appointment had been thwarted in congress because he had donated $50,000 to the swift boat veterans for truth during the 2004 presidential campaign, a group whose advertisements many democrats blamed for john kerry's loss.
the lion king is a 1994 american animated musical epic film produced by walt disney feature animation and released by walt disney pictures.	the lion king is a 1994 american animated musical film produced by walt disney feature animation and released by walt disney pictures.
as a result, the manga section in most mainstream bookstores has increased exponentially .	as a result, the manga section in most mainstream bookstores has increased dramatically .
everett was diagnosed as hiv positive in 1989, and he made his condition known to the public in 1993. he died from an aids-related illness, in the royal borough of kensington and chelsea, london, on 4 april 1995, aged 50. after a traditional roman catholic requiem mass, everett was cremated at mortlake crematorium.	everett was diagnosed as hiv positive in 1989, and he made his condition known to the public in 1993. he died from an aids-related illness, in the royal borough of kensington and chelsea, london, on 4 april 1995, aged 50. after a roman catholic requiem mass, everett was cremated at mortlake crematorium.
the oba (king) of lagos is the traditional, yet ceremonial, sovereign of lagos, a coastal yoruba settlement that went on to become one of the largest cities in africa after first giving its name to lagos state, the acknowledged financial heart of contemporary nigeria.	the oba (king) of lagos is the traditional, yet ceremonial, sovereign of lagos, a coastal yoruba settlement that went on to become one of the largest cities in africa after first giving its name to lagos state, the acclaimed financial heart of contemporary nigeria.
hostelling scotland has made a point of maintaining excellent communal facilities in self-catering kitchens and lounges while removing older rules such as chores and no-alcohol.	hostelling scotland has made a point of maintaining communal facilities in self-catering kitchens and lounges while removing older rules such as chores and no-alcohol.
in retaliation for the murder of mary, philip vowed to invade england to place a proper catholic monarch on its throne.	in retaliation for the execution of mary, philip vowed to invade england to place a proper catholic monarch on its throne.
the reasons offered for the relative lack of genetic understanding is because the links between genes and mental states defined as abnormal appear highly complex, involve extensive environmental influences and can be mediated in numerous different ways, for example by personality, temperament or life events.	the reasons for the relative lack of genetic understanding is because the links between genes and mental states defined as abnormal appear highly complex, involve extensive environmental influences and can be mediated in numerous different ways, for example by personality, temperament or life events.
like the jst, the translation was more of an inspired revelatory process than a direct translation from egyptian.	like the jst, the translation is said to be more of an inspired revelatory process than a direct translation from egyptian.
having played on many sessions with drummer jeff porcaro (the son of noted session percussionist joe porcaro), whom he met while attending grant high school in van nuys, california, where they formed the band rural still life, paich began to discuss seriously with porcaro the possibility of them forming their own band.	having played on many sessions with drummer jeff porcaro (the son of session percussionist joe porcaro), whom he met while attending grant high school in van nuys, california, where they formed the band rural still life, paich began to discuss seriously with porcaro the possibility of them forming their own band.
the return of conan is a 1957 fantasy novel written by bjrn nyberg and l. sprague de camp featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	the return of conan is a 1957 fantasy novel written by bjrn nyberg and l. sprague de camp featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
he was also a superb football player in high school, excelling at wide receiver, but he gave up the sport to focus on basketball.	he was also a football player in high school, excelling at wide receiver, but he gave up the sport to focus on basketball.
sakhalin , previously also known as , is a large russian island in the north pacific ocean, lying between 4550' and 5424' n. it is russia's largest island, and is administered as part of sakhalin oblast.	sakhalin , previously also known as , is a large island in the north pacific ocean, lying between 4550' and 5424' n. it is russia's largest island, and is administered as part of sakhalin oblast.
wofford lost his bid for re-election to republican congressman rick santorum (32 years his junior), in november, 1994, when many democrats were ousted from both houses of the united states congress in the republican tsunami .	wofford lost his bid for re-election to republican congressman rick santorum (32 years his junior), in november, 1994, when many democrats were ousted from both houses of the united states congress in the republican landslide .
barack obama, echoing most national democratic politicians, is against same-sex marriage	barack obama, like most national democratic politicians, is against same-sex marriage
the most infamous geographic feature is niagara falls, part of the much more extensive niagara escarpment.	the most well-known geographic feature is niagara falls, part of the much more extensive niagara escarpment.
back in the 1970s, he bought the famous pink palace (once the residence of jayne mansfield) in los angeles, which he re-sold in 2002 for $4 million.	in the 1970s, he bought the famous pink palace (once the residence of jayne mansfield) in los angeles, which he re-sold in 2002 for $4 million.
if built, it will form the centrepiece of the dubai waterfront being developed by al nakheel, which is also the developer of the famous palm islands.	if built, it will form the centrepiece of the dubai waterfront being developed by al nakheel, which is also the developer of the palm islands.
a mother's nipples can become sore or cracked from incorrect breastfeeding.	a mother's nipples can become sore or cracked from breastfeeding.
heck cattle (bos taurus), also called reconstructed aurochs, is a hardy breed of cattle (domesticated aurochs) often erroneously referred to as aurochs .	heck cattle (bos taurus), also called reconstructed aurochs, is a hardy breed of cattle (domesticated aurochs) often referred to as aurochs .
"the natives of the region called the mississippi river ""tamaliseu"", while de soto christened it ""ro del espritu santo""."	"the natives of the region called the mississippi river ""tamaliseu"", while de soto called it ""ro del espritu santo""."
he just recently played in the carling cup against epl side manchester city, where they were unfortunantly knocked out of the cup after a spirited display by the eagles.	he just recently played in the carling cup against epl side manchester city, where they were knocked out of the cup after a spirited display by the eagles.
in parapsychology, it is used to describe the ostensibly psychic phenomena of telepathy, extra-sensory perception, psychokinesis, ghosts, and hauntings.	in parapsychology, it is used to describe the potentially psychic phenomena of telepathy, extra-sensory perception, psychokinesis, ghosts, and hauntings.
"georgina ""gina"" mckee (born 14 april 1964) is an english actress known for her television roles in our friends in the north (1996), the lost prince (2003) and the forsyte saga (2002); and her portrayal of bella in the film notting hill (1999); and her portrayal of caterina sforza in the showtime series the borgias."	"georgina ""gina"" mckee (born 14 april 1964) is an english actor known for her television roles in our friends in the north (1996), the lost prince (2003) and the forsyte saga (2002); and her portrayal of bella in the film notting hill (1999); and her portrayal of caterina sforza in the showtime series the borgias."
liverpool city council started a propaganda campaign against sugary drinks in may 2016. the campaign entitled is your childs sweet tooth harming their health?, names lucozade as the worst offender, with 62 grammes of sugar in a 500ml bottle, followed by coca-cola with 54 grammes.	liverpool city council started a campaign against sugary drinks in may 2016. the campaign entitled is your childs sweet tooth harming their health?, names lucozade as the worst offender, with 62 grammes of sugar in a 500ml bottle, followed by coca-cola with 54 grammes.
some aspects of the myth of noah's ark in the bible seem to be based on the gilgamesh flood epic; see deluge (mythology).	some aspects of the story of noah's ark in the bible seem to be based on the gilgamesh flood epic; see deluge (mythology).
17 dec: australia regained the ashes after seven long years after defeating england by 150 runs in perth to take a 3-0 lead.	17 dec: australia regained the ashes after seven years after defeating england by 150 runs in perth to take a 3-0 lead.
gilda radner (1946-1989), american comedienne and actress	gilda radner (1946-1989), american comedian and actress
rani rupmati was a beautiful hindu singer of malwa.	rani rupmati was a hindu singer of malwa.
bo's charisma is known in mainland china, hong kong and abroad, and since his installation as minister of commerce has become a political star.	bo's reputation is known in mainland china, hong kong and abroad, and since his installation as minister of commerce has become a political star.
joi ito has a good post discussing this current and growing meme.	joi ito has a post discussing this current and growing meme.
standard chinese (whose syntax is typical of chinese languages generally) features a mixture of head-final and head-initial structures.	standard chinese (whose syntax is typical of chinese varieties generally) features a mixture of head-final and head-initial structures.
his step-son felix williamson and his son rory williamson are both successful australian actors.	his step-son felix williamson and his son rory williamson are both australian actors.
in the final four, yakima unfortunately went down on the wrong end of a comprehensive 5-0 scoreline to the mid michigan bucks, and they even lost the consolation game 5-2 to westchester flames, but to finish fourth in the country was a huge achievement.	in the final four, yakima went down on the wrong end of a comprehensive 5-0 scoreline to the mid michigan bucks, and they even lost the consolation game 5-2 to westchester flames, but to finish fourth in the country was a huge achievement.
the armenian alphabet was introduced by saint mesrop mashtots and isaac of armenia (sahak partev) in 405 ce.	the armenian alphabet was introduced by mesrop mashtots and isaac of armenia (sahak partev) in 405 ce.
the battle of lima site 85 was a vietnam war attack by forces of the vietnam people's army on a clandestine united states base in the neutral kingdom of laos with airstrip, command post, helicopter landing zone, tacan, and commando club radar.	the battle of lima site 85 was a vietnam war attack by forces of the vietnam people's army on a clandestine united states base in the kingdom of laos with airstrip, command post, helicopter landing zone, tacan, and commando club radar.
during october, bolstered by the national tour and aided by another great promotional video.	during october, bolstered by the national tour and aided by another promotional video.
google person finder is an important open source web application that provides a registry and message board for survivors, family, and loved ones affected by a natural disaster to post and search for information about each other's status and whereabouts.	google person finder is an open source web application that provides a registry and message board for survivors, family, and loved ones affected by a natural disaster to post and search for information about each other's status and whereabouts.
it gets its name from the vedas, which are liturgical texts but with rich details of life that have been interpreted to be historical, and that constitute our primary sources for understanding the period.	it gets its name from the vedas, which are liturgical texts but with details of life that have been interpreted to be historical, and that constitute our primary sources for understanding the period.
"janet ""jan"" hammond is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jane how."	"janet ""jan"" hammond is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jane how."
the osl dates helped to show that the sites stratigraphy and cultural horizons are undisturbed and in the correct chronological order; thus helping to support the claim that the buttermilk creek complex at the site is unequivocal evidence of a pre-clovis occupation.	the osl dates helped to show that the sites stratigraphy and cultural horizons are undisturbed and in the correct chronological order; thus helping to support the claim that the buttermilk creek complex at the site is evidence of a pre-clovis occupation.
that story prompted editor whitney ellsworth to decree that the character could no longer murder or use a gun.	that story prompted editor whitney ellsworth to decree that the character could no longer kill or use a gun.
also, the city has very well developed private and parochial schools, including monochromatic casady school near posh suburban nichols hills, heritage hall (a product of the white flight of the 1970s) and the schools of the archdiocese of oklahoma city.	also, the city has very well developed private and parochial schools, including casady school near posh suburban nichols hills, heritage hall (a product of the white flight of the 1970s) and the schools of the archdiocese of oklahoma city.
"this sin was passed down to all mankind because all people are said to be in adam as a covenantal or ""federal"" head."	"this sin was passed down to all humankind because all people are said to be in adam as a covenantal or ""federal"" head."
unfortunately , loota did not exist.	however , loota did not exist.
speedball (also referred to as powerballing) is a term commonly referring to the hazardous intravenous use of cocaine with heroin or morphine in the same syringe.	speedball (also referred to as powerballing) is a term commonly referring to the intravenous use of cocaine with heroin or morphine in the same syringe.
a very popular example is gnu/ linux, an open source version of the unix operating system.	a very popular example is linux, an open source version of the unix operating system.
especially in the southwestern part of the big country, the predominant variety of noodles are sptzle, made with large amounts of eggs, and maultaschen, traditional stuffed noodles reminiscent of ravioli.	especially in the southwestern part of the country, the predominant variety of noodles are sptzle, made with large amounts of eggs, and maultaschen, traditional stuffed noodles reminiscent of ravioli.
although there was a sequel, it was done after his tragic death.	although there was a sequel, it was done after his death.
a junta headed by pinochet was established, which immediately suspended the constitution, dissolved congress, imposed strict censorship, proscribed the leftist parties that had constituted allende's popular unity coalition, and halted all political activity.	a junta headed by pinochet was established, which suspended the constitution, dissolved congress, imposed strict censorship, proscribed the leftist parties that had constituted allende's popular unity coalition, and halted all political activity.
however, by mid 2004, similar pressure failed to significantly affect faux- documentary film director, michael moore's efforts to release his film fahrenheit 911 which directly criticized the war on terror and george w. bush in particular.	however, by mid 2004, similar pressure failed to significantly affect documentary film director, michael moore's efforts to release his film fahrenheit 911 which directly criticized the war on terror and george w. bush in particular.
wake-up call is the fifteenth release of the legendary christian rock band, petra.	wake-up call is the fifteenth release of the christian rock band, petra.
in 2006, nicole added acting to her resume; she appeared in all the king's men, as a skater understandably mesmerizing governor willy stark.	in 2006, nicole added acting to her resume; she appeared in all the king's men, as a skater mesmerizing governor willy stark.
"some of their more extreme attitudes and practices, e.g., prohibiting access to popular media, prohibiting birth control, and explicit homophobia , have moderated since leadership of the group shifted in a ""revival"" in the early 1990's."	"some of their more extreme attitudes and practices, e.g., prohibiting access to popular media, prohibiting birth control, and explicit anti- homosexuality , have moderated since leadership of the group shifted in a ""revival"" in the early 1990's."
"the remaining tunes, ""minor meeting,"" ""eastern incident"" and ""little sonny,"" were never released during clark's tragically short life they are special for fans of sonny, as they include guitarist kenny burrell."	"the remaining tunes, ""minor meeting,"" ""eastern incident"" and ""little sonny,"" were never released during clark's short life they are special for fans of sonny, as they include guitarist kenny burrell."
the cleveland browns relocation controversy was the controversial decision by then browns owner art modell to move the national football league team from its longtime home of cleveland, ohio to football-starved baltimore, maryland for the 1996 nfl season.	the cleveland browns relocation controversy was the controversial decision by then browns owner art modell to move the national football league team from its longtime home of cleveland, ohio to baltimore, maryland for the 1996 nfl season.
"lady sovereign's 2009 single ""so human"" is causing controversy in the underground music scene due to its gratuitous use of the cure's song ""close to me""."	"lady sovereign's 2009 single ""so human"" is causing controversy in the underground music scene due to its use of the cure's song ""close to me""."
"while the committee on detail originally proposed that the president must be merely a citizen as well as a resident for 21 years, the committee of eleven changed ""citizen"" to ""natural born citizen"" without recorded explanation promptly after receiving jay's letter."	"while the committee on detail originally proposed that the president must be merely a citizen as well as a resident for 21 years, the committee of eleven changed ""citizen"" to ""natural born citizen"" without recorded explanation after receiving jay's letter."
the simple case of the moran describes can describe this phenomena.	the simple case of the moran process can describe this phenomena.
excellent documentation available on the web site.	documentation available on the web site.
- economic difficulties, experienced by a significant number of russian families in the 1990s , have put additional strain on family relations and have led to an upsurge in domestic violence in which women are most often the victims.	- economic difficulties, experienced by a significant number of russian families in the past decade , have put additional strain on family relations and have led to an upsurge in domestic violence in which women are most often the victims.
aubrey fleming (lindsay lohan), a talented pianist and aspiring writer, appears to be his latest victim when she disappears during a night out with her friends.	aubrey fleming (lindsay lohan), a pianist and aspiring writer, appears to be his latest victim when she disappears during a night out with her friends.
apologies may also include some form of restitution, compensation or token gesture in line with the damage that you caused.	apologies may also include some form of restitution, compensation or token gesture in line with the damage that one has caused.
"after the publication of his book met with harsh criticism from the guardian's george monbiot, who derided the book, saying that ""since its publication in australia it has been ridiculed for a hilarious series of schoolboy errors, and its fudging and manipulation of the data"", plimer challenged monbiot to a public debate on the issues covered in the book."	"after the publication of his book met with criticism from the guardian's george monbiot, who derided the book, saying that ""since its publication in australia it has been ridiculed for a hilarious series of schoolboy errors, and its fudging and manipulation of the data"", plimer challenged monbiot to a public debate on the issues covered in the book."
pink floyd's seminal album the dark side of the moon sold over 800,000 copies by june 2004 in its sacd surround sound edition.	pink floyd's album the dark side of the moon sold over 800,000 copies by june 2004 in its sacd surround sound edition.
rights to mike todd's splashy around the world in eighty days and the ua-distributed lorimar and saul zaentz films are now in the hands of warner bros.	rights to mike todd's around the world in eighty days and the ua-distributed lorimar and saul zaentz films are now in the hands of warner bros.
according to wwe magazine, the album sold only 3,750 copies.	according to wwe magazine, the album sold 3,750 copies.
there are only thirty currently existing units in the u.s. army with lineages that go back to the colonial era.	there are thirty currently existing units in the u.s. army with lineages that go back to the colonial era.
(note: the nakhichevan autonomous republic, an exclave of azerbaijan, does regard the trnc as sovereign, while the state of azerbaijan officially has not followed suit).	(note: the nakhichevan autonomous republic, an exclave of azerbaijan, does regard the trnc as sovereign, while the state of azerbaijan has not followed suit).
founded by legendary yellow-journalist joseph pulitzer (who also funded the pulitzer prizes, which are not affiliated with the company), pulitzer inc., owned 14 daily newspapers across the united states.	founded by yellow-journalist joseph pulitzer (who also funded the pulitzer prizes, which are not affiliated with the company), pulitzer inc., owned 14 daily newspapers across the united states.
renowned remixer steven wilson has prepared new stereo mix and a 5.1 surround sound mix of drums and wires for release late in 2014. bonus material includes rare demos and rehearsal tapes.	remixer steven wilson has prepared new stereo mix and a 5.1 surround sound mix of drums and wires for release late in 2014. bonus material includes rare demos and rehearsal tapes.
non-scientific praise and political impact	praise and political impact
this was all shot in the beautiful rock islands of palau in the north pacific ocean right next to the philippine islands in the philippine sea.	this was all shot in the rock islands of palau in the north pacific ocean right next to the philippine islands in the philippine sea.
roberto madrazo pintado (b. july 30, 1952 in mexico city) is a controversial mexican politician affiliated to the institutional revolutionary party (pri) and candidate of the alliance his party has with the pvem for the 2006 mexican presidential elections.	roberto madrazo pintado (b. july 30, 1952 in mexico city) is a mexican politician affiliated to the institutional revolutionary party (pri) and candidate of the alliance his party has with the pvem for the 2006 mexican presidential elections.
hammond sadly missed out of the podium, placing fourth overall in the event.	hammond missed out of the podium, placing fourth overall in the event.
honors students are required to take specific honors classes which replace the traditional fordham core curriculum.	honors students are required to take specific honors classes which replace the fordham core curriculum.
each of the men suspected as responsible for the killing of the contractors were subsequently tracked down and killed by the marines of 1st mef.	each of the men identified as responsible for the killing of the contractors were subsequently tracked down and killed by the marines of 1st mef.
on the 2nd of march, o'brien hit the fastest century in world cup history, off just 50 balls against england, helping his team to successfully chase down a massive target of 328 when at one stage they were struggling at 111/5.	on the 2nd of march, o'brien hit the fastest century in world cup history, off just 50 balls against england, helping his team to successfully chase down a target of 328 when at one stage they were struggling at 111/5.
nikolai sergevich leonov, who would become a general in the kgb intelligence directorate and the soviet kgb deputy station chief in warsaw, was the translator castro used for contact with so-called russians during this period.	nikolai sergevich leonov, who would become a general in the kgb intelligence directorate and the soviet kgb deputy station chief in warsaw, was the translator castro used for contact with russians during this period.
langbehn was asked to publicly about her partner's death for the first time at the olympia, wa pride gathering on june 18, 2007, just four months after ponds death.	langbehn was asked to publicly about her partner's death for the first time at the olympia, wa pride gathering on june 18, 2007, four months after ponds death.
josip broz tito (may 7, (originally may 25th on the official birth certificate) 1892 – may 4, 1980) was the dictator of yugoslavia between the end of world war ii and his death in 1980.	josip broz tito (may 7, (originally may 25th on the official birth certificate) 1892 – may 4, 1980) was the leader of yugoslavia between the end of world war ii and his death in 1980.
the 1960s and 1970s saw the creation of many excellent films, many of which moulded soviet and post-soviet culture.	the 1960s and 1970s saw the creation of many films, many of which moulded soviet and post-soviet culture.
trademarks may become vulnerable to genericide where they are not used as trademarks, where they fall into disuse entirely, or where their corresponding registrations are not enforced effectively or at all.	trademarks may become subject to genericide where they are not used as trademarks, where they fall into disuse entirely, or where their corresponding registrations are not enforced effectively or at all.
there are a number of much smaller, seperate, independent organisations that have resulted from (originally) breakaways from, or re-workings of, re-evaluation counselling.	there are a number of smaller, seperate, independent organisations that have resulted from (originally) breakaways from, or re-workings of, re-evaluation counselling.
a number of models have been developed to explain how job stressors might affect employee health and organizational performance.	a number of models have been developed to explain how job stressors might affect employee functioning and organizational performance.
humanity, mankind , upon which rest all the elements of society, including society's beliefs.	humanity, humankind , upon which rest all the elements of society, including society's beliefs.
forty-four american buddhist teachers then wrote a letter suggesting that merzel fulfills a minimum one-year break and therapy.	forty-four american buddhist teachers wrote a letter suggesting that merzel fulfills a minimum one-year break and therapy.
may 5, 1979, seattle, washington) is an american poetess , novelist, and literary critic.	may 5, 1979, seattle, washington) is an american poet , novelist, and literary critic.
other important grass-court tournaments before wimbledon are eastbourne, england, and 's-hertogenbosch in the netherlands, both combining mixed events.	other grass-court tournaments before wimbledon are eastbourne, england, and 's-hertogenbosch in the netherlands, both combining mixed events.
carmela tiangco popularly known as 'mel tiangco' (born august 10, 1955) is a popular television newscaster and television host in the philippines.	carmela tiangco popularly known as 'mel tiangco' (born august 10, 1955) is a television newscaster and television host in the philippines.
after starring in coins in the fountain (1990), anderson received considerable praise for her portrayal of comedienne actress thelma todd in the television movie white hot: the mysterious murder of thelma todd (1991).	after starring in coins in the fountain (1990), anderson received considerable praise for her portrayal of comedian actress thelma todd in the television movie white hot: the mysterious murder of thelma todd (1991).
the los angeles times reports that warren furutani attacked another assemblyman on the assembly floor and that the two had to be separated by colleagues .	the los angeles times reports that warren furutani confronted another assemblyman on the assembly floor and that the two had to be separated by colleagues .
as of 2007, unemployment in the 12.5 million -strong labor force was 8.4%; 37% of venezuelans live below the poverty line.	as of 2007, unemployment in the 12.5 million person labor force was 8.4%; 37% of venezuelans live below the poverty line.
punk, age 36 at the time of signing, has a self-proclaimed background in kempo and brazilian jiu-jitsu, most notably under rener gracie since 2012.	punk, age 36 at the time of signing, has a background in kempo and brazilian jiu-jitsu, most notably under rener gracie since 2012.
"{ lat = ""35.703"", long = ""36.124"", mark = ""location dot lime .svg"", marksize = ""4"", label = ""mrouniyat"", link = ""2015 latakia offensive#mrouniyat"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""top"" },"	"{ lat = ""35.703"", long = ""36.124"", mark = ""location dot red .svg"", marksize = ""4"", label = ""mrouniyat"", link = ""2015 latakia offensive#mrouniyat"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""top"" },"
all 25 passengers and crews initially survived the crash, however one passenger finally succumbed to his injuries weeks after the crash.	all 25 passengers and crews initially survived the crash, however one passenger succumbed to his injuries weeks after the crash.
"a recent genetic piece of research from 2007, contrasting european and other continental populations from asia and africa, also claims: ""the spanish and basque groups are the furthest away from other continental groups, which is consistent with the suggestions that the iberian peninsula holds the most ancient european genetic ancestry""."	"a recent genetic piece of research from 2007, contrasting european and other populations from asia and africa, also claims: ""the spanish and basque groups are the furthest away from other continental groups, which is consistent with the suggestions that the iberian peninsula holds the most ancient european genetic ancestry""."
harris returned to his phenomenal role as the ruthless drug kingpin avon barksdale in the fifth and final season of the wire.	harris returned to his role as the ruthless drug kingpin avon barksdale in the fifth and final season of the wire.
stephen glass (born 1972) is a sociopathic former american journalist, known best for serial fraud in his articles.	stephen glass (born 1972) is a former american journalist, known best for serial fraud in his articles.
these gourmet products were sold at retailers including neiman marcus and bergdorf goodman.	these products were sold at retailers including neiman marcus and bergdorf goodman.
the violence imposed to these innocent children can in some cases be life-threatening.	the violence imposed to these children can in some cases be life-threatening.
russian occupation and administration (2014-present)	russian takeover and administration (2014-present)
acid + base( alkali ) salt + water	acid + base( akail ) salt + water
abu-hanifa ahmad ibn dawud dinawari or al-dinawari (828 - 889) was a kurdish botanist, historian, geographer, astronomer and mathematician.	abu-hanifa ahmad ibn dawud dinawari or al-dinawari (828 - 889) was an iranian kurdish botanist, historian, geographer, astronomer and mathematician.
he recorded a gordie howe hat trick (a goal, an assist, and a fight) in game 3 of the finals when he beatdown vincent lecavalier.	he recorded a gordie howe hat trick (a goal, an assist, and a fight) in game 3 of the finals when he fought vincent lecavalier.
however, after evidence that he had used his fraudalent credentials to win content disputes became known, jordan left both his volunteer roles on wikipedia and his paid job as community manager at wikia.	however, after evidence that he had used his pseudonymous credentials to win content disputes became known, jordan left both his volunteer roles on wikipedia and his paid job as community manager at wikia.
in his autobiography, halmos deplored the fact that the birthday paradox is often presented in terms of mere numerical computation rather than more powerful concepts.	in his autobiography, halmos deplored the fact that the birthday paradox is often presented in terms of mere numerical computation rather than more abstract concepts.
all denominations depict the astana baiterek monument, the flag of kazakhstan, the coat of arms, the handprint with a signature of dictator nazarbayev and fragments of the national anthem.	all denominations depict the astana baiterek monument, the flag of kazakhstan, the coat of arms, the handprint with a signature of president nazarbayev and fragments of the national anthem.
in 1930 the soviet regime renamed a village near kursk after him in central russia - imeni karla libknekhta.	in 1930 the soviet government renamed a village near kursk after him in central russia - imeni karla libknekhta.
during an interview the beautiful actress explained how the set was much different from the set back at home.	during an interview the actress explained how the set was much different from the set back at home.
outside the villages, the primary land use is agricultural although recently several opencast mining projects have been either started or completed nearby.	outside the villages, primary land use is agricultural although recently several opencast mining projects have been either started or completed nearby.
but the spark that lit a fire under the westmorland seekers was the arrival of george fox in june 1652. burrough, who was also one of them, recounts hubberthornes conversion experience in this fascinating way:	but the spark that lit a fire under the westmorland seekers was the arrival of george fox in june 1652. burrough, who was also one of them, recounts hubberthornes conversion experience in this way:
in early 2015 the increasing adoption of safe spaces in uk universities aroused controversy due to accusations that they were used to allegedly stifle free speech and differing political views.	in early 2015 the increasing adoption of safe spaces in uk universities aroused controversy due to accusations that they were used to stifle free speech and differing political views.
"according to the charges, gentry bravely shot the bear in an enclosed pen with a bow and arrow, then allegedly arranged for the doctoring of a videotape of the alleged ""wild"" kill."	"according to the charges, gentry shot the bear in an enclosed pen with a bow and arrow, then allegedly arranged for the doctoring of a videotape of the alleged ""wild"" kill."
this brutal penalty was first inflicted in 1284 on the welsh	this penalty was first inflicted in 1284 on the welsh
the latter day saint movement is a group of religious denominations and adherents who follow at least some of the teachings of joseph smith, jr., who translated the book of mormon in 1830. the latter day saint movement is one of many movements that arose during the second great awakening in 19th-century united states.	the latter day saint movement is a group of religious denominations and adherents who follow at least some of the teachings of joseph smith, jr., who published the book of mormon in 1830. the latter day saint movement is one of many movements that arose during the second great awakening in 19th-century united states.
asimo appeared as a guest on the british quiz show qi on 2 december 2011. after serving water to host stephen fry and dancing with comedienne jo brand, asimo won with 32 points.	asimo appeared as a guest on the british quiz show qi on 2 december 2011. after serving water to host stephen fry and dancing with comedian jo brand, asimo won with 32 points.
the german government made the decision to form the task force in 1991, after making public statements that the church of scientology's aims included world domination and the destruction of society	the german government made the decision to form the task force in 1991, after claiming in public statements that the church of scientology's aims included world domination and the destruction of society
nathan twining came from a rich military background; his forebears had served in the united states army and navy since the french and indian war.	nathan twining came from a military background; his forebears had served in the united states army and navy since the french and indian war.
the one of the wording use in islam for the name of god is rabbul alamin (means the god of all worlds) shows that other worlds exist with other life form or intelligent life form.	the one of the wording use in islam for the name of god is rabbul alamin (means the god of all worlds) suggests that other worlds exist with other life form or intelligent life form.
the lattermost is a major problem in freenet.	the lattermost is a major case in freenet.
the daughter of nascar driver bobby norfleet, she is the first african-american woman to purchase a nascar late model series racing license.	the daughter of nascar driver bobby norfleet, she is the first african-american woman to possess a nascar late model series racing license.
the chumash tribe in santa barbara county is interesting in that it demonstrates interaction and collaboration between the tribe and the surrounding non-indian population of the santa ynez valley.	the chumash tribe in santa barbara county is notable in that it demonstrates interaction and collaboration between the tribe and the surrounding non-indian population of the santa ynez valley.
he obtained a mere fifteen year sentence.	he obtained a fifteen year sentence.
duff's fourth studio album, dignity, was released in april 2007.	duff's latest studio album, dignity, was released in april 2007.
"his brand of nationalism was non-ecumenical and sectarian , often employing colourful insults (""west brits"", ""shoneens"", ""sourfaces"") when referring to irish unionists and/or non-catholics."	"his brand of nationalism was non-ecumenical and homogeneous , often employing colourful insults (""west brits"", ""shoneens"", ""sourfaces"") when referring to irish unionists and/or non-catholics."
"it is one of the regions of france created artificially in the late 20th century to serve as a hinterland and zone of influence for its capital, toulouse, one of a handful of so-called ""balancing metropolises"" (mtropoles d'quilibre)."	"it is one of the regions of france created in the late 20th century to serve as a hinterland and zone of influence for its capital, toulouse, one of a handful of so-called ""balancing metropolises"" (mtropoles d'quilibre)."
st. mary the virgin church is an impressive aspect of the town with a fascinating history.	st. mary the virgin church is an impressive aspect of the town with a long history.
however, that party is unrepresented in the estonian parliament since the populist estonian centre party is overwhelmingly the most favoured party among estonian russians, in part because of its controversial contract of co-operation with united russia.	however, that party is unrepresented in the estonian parliament since the estonian centre party is overwhelmingly the most favoured party among estonian russians, in part because of its controversial contract of co-operation with united russia.
it recently launched a groundbreaking service entitled intv.	it recently launched a service entitled intv.
fundamentalists typically treat as simple history, according to its plain sense, such passages as the genesis account of creation, the deluge myth and noah's ark, and the unnaturally long life-spans of the patriarchs given in genealogies of genesis, as well as the strict historicity of the narrative accounts of ancient israel, the supernatural interventions of god in history, and jesus' miracles.	fundamentalists typically treat as simple history, according to its plain sense, such passages as the genesis account of creation, the deluge and noah's ark, and the unnaturally long life-spans of the patriarchs given in genealogies of genesis, as well as the strict historicity of the narrative accounts of ancient israel, the supernatural interventions of god in history, and jesus' miracles.
also, heretic husite teachings spread among the population making the bishop more unpopular.	also, husite teachings spread among the population making the bishop more unpopular.
otto besieged thankmar at eresburg and had him executed at the altar of the church of saint peter.	otto besieged thankmar at eresburg and had him killed at the altar of the church of saint peter.
recently this episode was made into a russian epic movie 1612.	recently this episode was made into a russian movie 1612.
the story features in a number of abrahamic religions including judaism, christianity and islam.	the narrative features in a number of abrahamic religions including judaism, christianity and islam.
french leaders said that the error was inexcusable and called for even more regulation of these private credit rating agencies (cra's).	french leaders said that the error was inexcusable and called for even more regulation of private credit rating agencies (cra's).
a cemetery encircles the expansive square, leading to the river below.	a cemetery encircles the square, leading to the river below.
his crimes were immortalised in the tv film the widower (film).	his crimes were portrayed in the tv film the widower (film).
many russians see this as an act of discrimination and even apartheid as non-citizens are severely restricted in their basic rights.	some russians see this as an act of discrimination and even apartheid as non-citizens are severely restricted in their basic rights.
this action was technically legal, but seen as being grossly unsporting.	this action was technically legal, but seen as being unsporting.
"in march 2014 glantz released a study claiming that ""e-cigarette use is aggravating rather than ameliorating the tobacco epidemic among youths."""	"in march 2014 glantz released a study arguing that ""e-cigarette use is aggravating rather than ameliorating the tobacco epidemic among youths."""
at this time, jubin was dating future frightened rabbit legend scott hutchison.	at this time, jubin was dating future frightened rabbit member scott hutchison.
his final film appearance was a lovely cameo at the end of the family film loch ness, which was released in 1996.	his final film appearance was a cameo at the end of the family film loch ness, which was released in 1996.
minnie pearl (19121996), american country comedienne	minnie pearl (19121996), american country comedian
the return of this territory to poland was said to be justified on these grounds:	the transfer of this territory to poland was said to be justified on these grounds:
the commanding officer and his men led the amazed ottomans on their horses for through deep sand until met by transport.	the commanding officer and his men led the ottomans on their horses for through deep sand until met by transport.
chick-fil-a has donated over $5 million, via winshape, to anti-gay groups that oppose same-sex marriage.	chick-fil-a has donated over $5 million, via winshape, to groups that oppose same-sex marriage.
claims made in the film	points made in the film
at the age of 12, martin auditioned for the band menudo, a manufactured latin pop group composed of young puerto rican adolescent musicians who were rotated out of the group as they advanced into their teen years.	at the age of 12, martin auditioned for the band menudo, a latin pop group composed of young puerto rican adolescent musicians who were rotated out of the group as they advanced into their teen years.
prussian blue is a xenophobic white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee or in ipa, ), fraternal twin girls born june 30, 1992 and brought up in the united states.	prussian blue is a controversial white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee or in ipa, ), fraternal twin girls born june 30, 1992 and brought up in the united states.
the deleting online predators act of 2006 (dopa) is a controversial bill (h.r.	the deleting online predators act of 2006 (dopa) is a bill (h.r.
passage of the gun control act was instigated by the assassinations of: u.s. president john f. kennedy in 1963; nation of islam leader malcolm x in 1965; martin luther king, jr. in april 1968; and u.s. senator robert f. kennedy in june 1968. since president kennedy was shot and killed with a rifle purchased by mail-order, congressional hearings followed and a ban on mail-order gun sales was discussed, with support from the national rifle association (nra), but no law was passed.	passage of the gun control act was prompted by the assassinations of: u.s. president john f. kennedy in 1963; nation of islam leader malcolm x in 1965; martin luther king, jr. in april 1968; and u.s. senator robert f. kennedy in june 1968. since president kennedy was shot and killed with a rifle purchased by mail-order, congressional hearings followed and a ban on mail-order gun sales was discussed, with support from the national rifle association (nra), but no law was passed.
today, various sentry posts and lookout towers pepper the city bastions.	today, various sentry posts and lookout towers can still be seen upon the city bastions.
on may 8, 2013, nbc canceled deception after only one season.	on may 8, 2013, nbc canceled deception after one season.
"boggs was widely perceived as a vehement ""anti-mormon"", having issued his infamous ""extermination order"" in the fall of 1838, and the latter day saints blamed him for much of the difficulties and sorrows they had been forced to endure."	"boggs was widely perceived as a vehement ""anti-mormon"", having issued his ""extermination order"" in the fall of 1838, and the latter day saints blamed him for much of the difficulties and sorrows they had been forced to endure."
is an american sitcom starring comedienne ellen cleghorne that aired on the wb in 1995.	is an american sitcom starring comedian ellen cleghorne that aired on the wb in 1995.
born on 21 december 1991 in nowra, new south wales, maddinson was part of the new south wales under-19 side that won the australian under-19 championships in december 2009. two months earlier, he had topped the batting averages for australia in a home series against sri lanka under-19s, when he averaged 72 and scored a brilliant 133 not out at a run-a-ball, in a 50-over match in darwin.	born on 21 december 1991 in nowra, new south wales, maddinson was part of the new south wales under-19 side that won the australian under-19 championships in december 2009. two months earlier, he had topped the batting averages for australia in a home series against sri lanka under-19s, when he averaged 72 and scored a 133 not out at a run-a-ball, in a 50-over match in darwin.
marketing campaigns by pharmaceutical companies are largely responsible for driving this.	marketing campaigns by pharmaceutical companies may be largely responsible for driving this.
in addition, thanks to a steady influx of immigrants during the 20th century, along with thousands of african-american war-industry workers who relocated from the deep south during the 1940s, oakland is one of the most ethnically diverse major cities in the country.	in addition, due to a steady influx of immigrants during the 20th century, along with thousands of african-american war-industry workers who relocated from the deep south during the 1940s, oakland is one of the most ethnically diverse major cities in the country.
on november 13, 2013 the fda approved obinutuzumab (trade name gazyva) by hoffmann-la roche for chronic lymphocytic leukemia making it the first drug to receive the coveted breakthrough therapy designation.	on november 13, 2013 the fda approved obinutuzumab (trade name gazyva) by hoffmann-la roche for chronic lymphocytic leukemia making it the first drug to receive the breakthrough therapy designation.
moreover, previously taboo themes like urban violence, racism, and homophobia have begun to appear in the newest telenovelas.	moreover, previously taboo themes like urban violence, racism, and homosexuality have begun to appear in the newest telenovelas.
"it features four bonus non-album tracks including a brand new track ""you"", a wicked re-mix of the title track by the colling brothers (steven mallinder - ex cabaret volataire and shane norton), and live and acoustic versions of both ""tracksuit"" and "" jerks of attention""."	"it features four bonus non-album tracks including a brand new track ""you"", a re-mix of the title track by the colling brothers (steven mallinder - ex cabaret volataire and shane norton), and live and acoustic versions of both ""tracksuit"" and "" jerks of attention""."
the use of the terms terrorism and terrorist are politically weighted, and are often used to polarizing effect, where 'terrorism' is simply a relativist term for the violence committed by an enemy, from the point of view of the attacked.	the use of the terms terrorism and terrorist are politically weighted, and are often used to polarizing effect, where 'terrorism' becomes simply a relativist term for the violence committed by an enemy, from the point of view of the attacked.
the new york times claims that launching omid satellite was mainly a symbolic accomplishment because the satellite was very small, but the action had a number of potential military implications.	the new york times reported that launching omid satellite was mainly a symbolic accomplishment because the satellite was very small, but the action had a number of potential military implications.
coulter has gained renown as a political commentator who combines serious analysis with a willingness to use insult humor and sometimes plain insults against people she feels (not excluding herself).	coulter has gained attention as a political commentator who combines serious analysis with a willingness to use insult humor and sometimes plain insults against people she feels (not excluding herself).
richard revealed in 2008 that he had come close to asking her to marry him.	richard said in 2008 that he had come close to asking her to marry him.
political troubles and barrientos' tragic death	political troubles and barrientos' death
"known for her controversial style and unabashedly rabid conservative views, she has been described by the observer as ""the republican michael moore"", and ""rush limbaugh in a miniskirt""."	"known for her controversial style and unabashedly conservative views, she has been described by the observer as ""the republican michael moore"", and ""rush limbaugh in a miniskirt""."
he is the third longest-serving prime minister of the italian republic (president of the council of ministers of italy), a position he has held on three separate occasions: from 1994 to 1995, from 2001 to 2006, currently since 2008. he is the leader of the forza italia political movement, a centre-right party he founded in 1993. before the 2008 italian general elections he announced his intention to establish a new political party, the people of freedom (il popolo della libert), to be formed by the merging of forza italia with the national alliance party (alleanza nazionale), and other conservative parties later in 2008. his victory in the 2008 general elections paved the way for a fourth term in office.	he is the third longest-serving prime minister of the italian republic (president of the council of ministers of italy), a position he has held on three separate occasions: from 1994 to 1995, from 2001 to 2006, currently since 2008. he is the leader of the forza italia political movement, a centre-right party he founded in 1993. before the 2008 italian general elections he announced his intention to establish a new political party, the people of freedom (il popolo della libert), to be formed by the merging of forza italia with the national alliance party (alleanza nazionale), and other anti-communist parties later in 2008. his victory in the 2008 general elections paved the way for a fourth term in office.
nancy carell, american comedienne and actress, wife of steve carell	nancy carell, american comedian and actress, wife of steve carell
the famed 442nd regimental combat team, which fought in europe, was formed from those japanese americans who did agree to serve.	the 442nd regimental combat team, which fought in europe, was formed from those japanese americans who did agree to serve.
venturebeat is a technology blog that focuses on innovative companies and the forward-thinking executives behind them.	venturebeat is a technology blog that focuses on innovative companies and the executives behind them.
others see such an interpretation as an inaccurate usage of the word depletion because the overall geothermal enery on earth remains nearly constant.	others see such an interpretation as an inaccurate usage of the word depletion because the overall geothermal energy on earth remains nearly constant.
with his first big-league rbi, to help the orioles slaughter the red sox, 18-7.	with his first big-league rbi, to help the orioles defeat the red sox, 18-7.
"in this kind of analysis, ""singular"" they in english is an example of a semantically bound variable rather than a genuine pronoun."	"in this kind of analysis, ""singular"" they in english is an example of a semantically bound variable rather than a simple referential pronoun."
"his nuanced treatment of homosexuality in ""moral vision"" has drawn some considerable attention."	"his treatment of homosexuality in ""moral vision"" has drawn some considerable attention ."
among others, known incidents include the bleiburg massacre of nazi soldiers and civilians at the end of war, and the foibe massacres -- pits in which croatian and slovenian partisans shot ethnic italians associated with fascism, or simply perceived as potential enemies of the new government.	among others, known incidents include the bleiburg massacre of fleeing slovenian and croatian soldiers and civilians at the end of war, and the foibe massacres -- pits in which croatian and slovenian partisans shot ethnic italians associated with fascism, or simply perceived as potential enemies of the new government.
following this dreadful declaration, enraged mobs engaged in violent protests and manifestation throughout the city.	following this declaration, enraged mobs engaged in violent protests and manifestation throughout the city.
they were also oddly offended by the fact that bi-racial roommate malik cooper wore a t-shirt with the image of marcus garvey, who was against miscegenation, despite the fact that cooper was of mixed heritage and dated caucasian women.	they were also oddly offended by the fact that bi-racial roommate malik cooper wore a t-shirt with the image of marcus garvey, who was against miscegenation, despite the fact that cooper was of mixed heritage and dated white women.
mcconnell has been an advocate of the war in iraq and was an ardent supporter of president george w. bush and his policies.	mcconnell has been an advocate of the war in iraq and was an supporter of president george w. bush and his policies.
file:sugar grove, pa keystone marker.jpg|a keystone marker improperly affixed to a flagpole	file:sugar grove, pa keystone marker.jpg|a keystone marker affixed to a flagpole
better varieties taking roughly the same amount of time as early girl include sasha's altai and stupice.	alternative varieties taking roughly the same amount of time as early girl include sasha's altai and stupice.
anjelah johnson actress, comedienne , and former nfl cheerleader	anjelah johnson actress, comedian , and former nfl cheerleader
lobo also gave comments that supported zelaya's illegal attempts to modify the constitution, despite court rulings.	lobo also gave comments that supported zelaya's attempts to modify the constitution, despite court rulings.
two posthumous works have since been published: a volume of poetry entitled the goose bath, which won the 2007 montana book award for poetry, generating controversy among many of the nation's literati, and a previously unpublished novel, towards another summer.	two posthumous works have since been published: a volume of poetry entitled the goose bath, which won the 2007 montana book award for poetry, generating controversy among a small section of the nation's literati, and a previously unpublished novel, towards another summer.
they are administered by the republic of china (taiwan).	they are controlled by the republic of china (taiwan).
"the wonderful soothing qualities of beaches, and the pleasant environment they offer, are often replicated in artificial beaches, such as ""beach style"" pools with zero-depth entry, where the pool surface slopes slowly downward, as well as wave pools that imitate the natural waves pounding upon a beach."	"the soothing qualities of beaches, and the pleasant environment they offer, are often replicated in artificial beaches, such as ""beach style"" pools with zero-depth entry, where the pool surface slopes slowly downward, as well as wave pools that imitate the natural waves pounding upon a beach."
in late april 2005, seacrest received a star on the hollywood walk of fame at the tender age of 30. in contrast to the numerous legendary hollywood stars that populate the walk, this honor to the former dj was viewed as a dubious and controversial one by many.	in late april 2005, seacrest received a star on the hollywood walk of fame at the age of 30. in contrast to the numerous legendary hollywood stars that populate the walk, this honor to the former dj was viewed as a dubious and controversial one by many.
it was notionally reaffirmed by incoming governor claiborne fox jackson, who had southern leanings.	it was reaffirmed by incoming governor claiborne fox jackson, who had southern leanings.
the lack of third-party support kept the number of new games very limited, but the success of the philips videopac g7000 overseas led to two other companies producing games for it: parker brothers released popeye, frogger, qbert and super cobra, while imagic released outstanding versions of their hit games demon attack and atlantis.	the lack of third-party support kept the number of new games very limited, but the success of the philips videopac g7000 overseas led to two other companies producing games for it: parker brothers released popeye, frogger, qbert and super cobra, while imagic released versions of their hit games demon attack and atlantis.
the mission goes awry when it is discovered by the mexican government, prompting graver to order reyes' murder ; when gillick refuses, he turns rogue to protect her as graver assembles a new team to hunt them both.	the mission goes awry when it is discovered by the mexican government, prompting graver to order reyes' death ; when gillick refuses, he turns rogue to protect her as graver assembles a new team to hunt them both.
in 1977, following the surprise resignation of john turner, chretien was named minister of finance.	in 1977, following the resignation of john turner, chretien was named minister of finance.
diamond-cutter.org - critical website of gary friedman, failed student of geshe michael roach's aci courses	diamond-cutter.org - critical website of gary friedman, former student of geshe michael roach's aci courses
"later in the service, wellstone's personal eulogy was delivered by senator tom harkin, another notable progressive and wellstone's close friend in the senate, who urged those present to ""stand up for paul"" in the election."	"later in the service, wellstone's personal eulogy was delivered by senator tom harkin, another notable democrat and wellstone's close friend in the senate, who urged those present to ""stand up for paul"" in the election."
the 2008 guizhou riot was a riot on 28 june 2008 involving thousands of angry residents in weng'an county, qiannan buyei and miao autonomous prefecture, in the guizhou province of southwest china.	the 2008 guizhou riot was a riot on 28 june 2008 involving thousands of residents in weng'an county, qiannan buyei and miao autonomous prefecture, in the guizhou province of southwest china.
this study suggests that even though coding is often completed faster than when one programmer works alone, the total amount of man -hours (number of programmers time spent) increases.	this study suggests that even though coding is often completed faster than when one programmer works alone, the total amount of programmer -hours (number of programmers time spent) increases.
in soulcalibur ii, his 2p costume version of soul edge looks oddly similar to siegfried's sword, requiem.	in soulcalibur ii, his 2p costume version of soul edge looks similar to siegfried's sword, requiem.
the pillnitz castle complex consists of three striking main buildings: the riverside palace (wasserpalais) on the river front; the upper palace (bergpalais) alongside the hills; and the new place (neues palais) which links the three together.	the pillnitz castle complex consists of three main buildings: the riverside palace (wasserpalais) on the river front; the upper palace (bergpalais) alongside the hills; and the new place (neues palais) which links the three together.
"first published in the new york evening mirror's february 21, 1846 issue, ""a valentine"" was written specifically for frances sargent osgood, whose name is cleverly hidden within the lines of the poem."	"first published in the new york evening mirror's february 21, 1846 issue, ""a valentine"" was written specifically for frances sargent osgood, whose name is hidden within the lines of the poem."
the massacre immediately set off mass palestinian protests and riots throughout the west bank, and within 48 hours, a number of palestinian protesters had been killed by the israeli defense forces.	the massacre immediately set off mass palestinian protests and riots throughout the west bank, and within 48 hours, a number of palestinian protesters had been killed in clashes with the israeli defense forces.
freia melkesjokolade is a famous milk chocolate from the norwegian chocolate brand freia and has been the most sold chocolate in norway since the 1960s.	freia melkesjokolade is a milk chocolate from the norwegian chocolate brand freia and has been the most sold chocolate in norway since the 1960s.
"the angevines, who had defeated manfred and stripped him of the kingdom of sicily, christened it sypontum novellum (""new sypontum""), but that name never imposed."	"the angevines, who had defeated manfred and stripped him of the kingdom of sicily, renamed it sypontum novellum (""new sypontum""), but that name never imposed."
andrew trimble (born 20 october 1984) is an irish rugby union footballer from coleraine, county derry in northern ireland.	andrew trimble (born 20 october 1984) is an irish rugby union footballer from coleraine, county londonderry in northern ireland.
"in june 2010, etheridge, while returning from a self-described ""long day"", was confronted by two young men on a washington d.c. sidewalk."	"in june 2010, etheridge, while returning from a self-described ""long day"", was approached by two young men on a washington d.c. sidewalk."
measuring ship traffic though the channel only tells a tiny part of the complete economic story of mr-go.	measuring ship traffic though the channel only tells a small part of the complete economic story of mr-go.
renton used angelos' endearing character and took him on tour within the uk, titled 'angelos epithemiou & friends christmas show'; due to popular demand, venues introduced additional dates throughout december 2010.	renton used angelos' character and took him on tour within the uk, titled 'angelos epithemiou & friends christmas show'; due to popular demand, venues introduced additional dates throughout december 2010.
the supreme court readily overturned the convictions in a unanimous decision, dismissing the commonwealth of virginia's argument that a law forbidding both white and black persons from marrying persons of another race, and providing identical penalties to white and black violators, could not be construed as racially discriminatory.	the supreme court overturned the convictions in a unanimous decision, dismissing the commonwealth of virginia's argument that a law forbidding both white and black persons from marrying persons of another race, and providing identical penalties to white and black violators, could not be construed as racially discriminatory.
legal community against violence state & local laws (anti-gun violence site)	legal community against violence state & local laws (anti-gun site)
professionally known as simply aaliyah, she also branched out into acting before her death in a plane crash in 2001 at the age of only 22.	professionally known as simply aaliyah, she also branched out into acting before her death in a plane crash in 2001 at the age of 22.
cline's literary legacy was marred by a virulent antisemitism.	cline's literary legacy was characterized by a virulent antisemitism.
he was decorated with various awards and lauded for his anti-imperialist stance, his support for arab and then african unity, and for significant improvements that his regime brought to the libyan people's quality of life.	he was decorated with various awards and lauded for his anti-imperialist stance, his support for arab and then african unity, and for significant improvements that his government brought to the libyan people's quality of life.
semi precious weapons is a terrible band from new york city consisting of justin tranter on vocals, stevy pyne on guitar, cole whittle on bass and dan crean on drums.	semi precious weapons is a rock band from new york city consisting of justin tranter on vocals, stevy pyne on guitar, cole whittle on bass and dan crean on drums.
in orthodox synagogues, women should adhere to tzeniut (modesty): long sleeves, long skirts and covering of the hair (only married jewish women).	in orthodox synagogues, women may be required to adhere to tzeniut (modesty): long sleeves, long skirts and covering of the hair (only married jewish women).
this was followed with another self-immolation incident on september 26, 2011. until march 2012, more than another 30 tibetans self-immolated as a protest against chinese occupation of tibet.	this was followed with another self-immolation incident on september 26, 2011. until march 2012, more than another 30 tibetans self-immolated as a protest against chinese rule of tibet.
there is a self-guided walking tour through the compound as well as a hiking path that leads to the mountain top which gives way to breathtaking catskill views.	there is a self-guided walking tour through the compound as well as a hiking path that leads to the mountain top which gives way to scenic catskill views.
it also featured outstanding performances by richard griffiths as monty, paul mcgann as marwood/...& i and ralph brown as danny.	it also featured performances by richard griffiths as monty, paul mcgann as marwood/...& i and ralph brown as danny.
tess, a nagware tessellation program for multiple platforms, supports all wallpaper, frieze, and rosette groups, as well as heesch tilings.	tess, a shareware tessellation program for multiple platforms, supports all wallpaper, frieze, and rosette groups, as well as heesch tilings.
for her performance, she received the best actress actress award at the prestigious 23rd annual kalakar awards at kolkatta .	for her performance, she received the best actress actress award at the 23rd annual kalakar awards at kolkatta .
steals his employees' ideas and presents them as his own, almost always to the same employees	uses his employees' ideas and presents them as his own, almost always to the same employees
lines 600-604 of the poem describe gringolet's gaudy appearance in being readied for the journey:	lines 600-604 of the poem describe gringolet's ornate appearance in being readied for the journey:
it was abandoned in 1948, at which time its population was 568, and its lands are now used by kfar menahem.	it was depopulated in 1948, at which time its population was 568, and its lands are now used by kfar menahem.
julie halston, actress and comedienne	julie halston, actress and comedian
deep ecology is a recent philosophy or ecosophy based on a shift away from the anthropocentric bias of established environmental and green movements.	deep ecology is a recent philosophy or ecosophy based on a shift away from the anthropocentric emphasis of established environmental and green movements.
goldberg has also been publicly feuding with juan cole over u.s. iraq policy and feckless air america radio commentators such as janeane garofalo.	goldberg has also been publicly feuding with juan cole over u.s. iraq policy and air america radio commentators such as janeane garofalo.
lady renouf has become known in recent years for championing the rights of holocaust deniers to engage in open debate.	lady renouf has become known in recent years for defending the rights of holocaust deniers to engage in open debate.
julie michelle mccullough (born january 30, 1965) is an american model, actress and stand-up comedienne .	julie michelle mccullough (born january 30, 1965) is an american model, actress and stand-up comedian .
the impressive john calhoun baker university center, which opened in january 2007, is named after john calhoun baker, the 14th president of ohio.	the john calhoun baker university center, which opened in january 2007, is named after john calhoun baker, the 14th president of ohio.
critics claim that these degrees may not be acceptable to employers or other institutions, and use of degree titles may be restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions.category:unaccredited institutions of higher learning	critics point out that these degrees may not be acceptable to employers or other institutions, and use of degree titles may be restricted or illegal in some jurisdictions.category:unaccredited institutions of higher learning
eugenia volodina (, born september 17, 1984 in kazan, russia) is a russian supermodel .	eugenia volodina (, born september 17, 1984 in kazan, russia) is a russian model .
methamphetamine activates the psychological reward system by increasing levels of dopamine, norepinephrine and serotonin in the brain.	methamphetamine has high potential for abuse, activating the psychological reward system by increasing levels of dopamine, norepinephrine and serotonin in the brain.
james benamor (born 18 may 1977, bournemouth, dorset, united kingdom) is a controversial british businessman and millionaire.	james benamor (born 18 may 1977, bournemouth, dorset, united kingdom) is a british businessman and millionaire.
the bah' faith is a monotheistic religion which emphasizes the spiritual unity of all humankind .	the bah' faith is a monotheistic religion which emphasizes the spiritual unity of all mankind .
teresa ganzel (born march 23, 1957) is an actress, comedienne , and voice-over actress.	teresa ganzel (born march 23, 1957) is an actress, comedian , and voice-over actress.
a rock reptile is a weird lizard with a lumpy, warty hide and chameleon like powers that allow it to lie in wait in rocky areas, appearing to be nothing more than a pile of rubble or rocks.	a rock reptile is a lizard with a lumpy, warty hide and chameleon like powers that allow it to lie in wait in rocky areas, appearing to be nothing more than a pile of rubble or rocks.
lough gill and the district of calry adjoining it is famous for its beautiful scenery.	lough gill and the district of calry adjoining it is famous for its natural environment and scenery.
is a japanese mixed martial arts fighter best known for his mind-bending leglocks.	is a japanese mixed martial arts fighter best known for his leglocks.
he appears in the daily mail every saturday and also online , having joined in 2004.	he appears in the daily mail every saturday and also on the mail website , having joined in 2004.
"but gries has repeatedly said that he spit the bites out because the undercooked meat tasted ""disgusting."""	"but gries has repeatedly said that he spit the bites out because the meat tasted ""disgusting."""
later sfg-05 modules contain the ym2164 (opp), an almost identical chip with only minor changes to control registers .	the sfg-05 modules contain the ym2164 (opp), an almost identical chip with only minor changes to control registers .
alborz high school (in persian: ), is a prestigious high school located in the heart of tehran, iran.	alborz high school (in persian: ), is a high school located in the heart of tehran, iran.
the charm of the amazon is its immense forest.	the prime feature of the amazon is its immense forest.
"he was interested in the concept of non immediate profit-driven free markets, and was seen as a developer and defender of the ""pay it forward"" approach with crony robert heinlein, a term also popularized in a movie of that name."	"he was interested in the concept of non immediate profit-driven free markets, and was seen as a developer and defender of the ""pay it forward"" approach with robert heinlein, a term also popularized in a movie of that name."
the county has two of virginia's eight remaining covered bridges, rises from 900 feet to well over 3,000 feet, providing breathtaking views.	the county has two of virginia's eight remaining covered bridges, rises from 900 feet to well over 3,000 feet, providing panoramic views.
indicted, convicted, and scandal- plagued members	indicted, convicted, and scandal- troubled members
"on july 2, 2005, west appeared on the philadelphia bill of live 8, using the global platform to refer to ""man-made diseases placed in african communities,"" endorsing the conspiracy theory that aids was created by the u.s. government to exterminate africans (see opv aids hypothesis)."	"on july 2, 2005, west appeared on the philadelphia bill of live 8, using the global platform to refer to ""man-made diseases placed in african communities,"" endorsing the fringe theory that aids was created by the u.s. government to exterminate africans (see opv aids hypothesis)."
when the two get to great wexley, it is revealed that crispin is the lovechild son of lord furnival, the owner of vast amounts of land.	when the two get to great wexley, it is revealed that crispin is the illegitimate son of lord furnival, the owner of vast amounts of land.
the island is known for its natural beauty .	the island is known for its natural environment .
it has one of the largest chinatowns in canada as well as a declining little italy in the bridgeland neighbourhood.	it has one of the largest chinatowns in canada as well as a little italy in the bridgeland neighbourhood.
in many parts of occupied tibet, losar is celebrated for fifteen days or more.	in many parts of tibet, losar is celebrated for fifteen days or more.
"the building was cleverly recreated as ""song tower"" in the video game mercenaries: playground of destruction."	"the building was recreated as ""song tower"" in the video game mercenaries: playground of destruction."
controversy over lavish spending of campaign contributions	controversy over spending of campaign contributions
these characters are not neutral out of choice, but simply that they care not either way - they are passively neutral, but still fall under the banner of true neutral.	these characters are not neutral out of choice, but simply that they care not either way - they are passively neutral, but still fall under the banner of neutral.
however, the light of civilized modern society, industry, trade and education was brought in by the european rulers, mainly the british.	however, the light of modern society, industry, trade and education was brought in by the european rulers, mainly the british.
the picturesque chesme column in tsarskoye selo commemorates three russian naval victories in the russo-turkish war, 1768-1774, specifically the battle of chesma.	the chesme column in tsarskoye selo commemorates three russian naval victories in the russo-turkish war, 1768-1774, specifically the battle of chesma.
inflation is a concrete mechanism for realizing the cosmological principle which is the basis of our model of physical cosmology: it accounts for the homogeneity, isotropy of the observable universe.	inflation is a concrete mechanism for realizing the cosmological principle which is the basis of the standard model of physical cosmology: it accounts for the homogeneity, isotropy of the observable universe.
after his passing , his body was carried to egypt, where it was embalmed and kept at the royal al rifa'i mosque in cairo, (also the future burial place of his son, the exiled mohammad reza pahlavi).	after his death , his body was carried to egypt, where it was embalmed and kept at the royal al rifa'i mosque in cairo, (also the future burial place of his son, the exiled mohammad reza pahlavi).
programmer jon kalb created an equally outstanding version for macs.	programmer jon kalb created an equally advanced version for macs.
the incident that cemented the magazine's image as a sentinel of democracy, however, was the so-called spiegel scandal in 1962. after an article had been printed that reported on the low state of readiness of the german armed forces, minister of defence and notorious right-wing figurehead franz josef strau initiated an investigation against the spiegel, causing the editorial offices to be raided by the police and rudolf augstein as well as several other editors to be arrested on charges of treason.	the incident that cemented the magazine's image as a sentinel of democracy, however, was the so-called spiegel scandal in 1962. after an article had been printed that reported on the low state of readiness of the german armed forces, minister of defence and right-wing figurehead franz josef strau initiated an investigation against the spiegel, causing the editorial offices to be raided by the police and rudolf augstein as well as several other editors to be arrested on charges of treason.
600 foreigners reportedly cancelled their visits to ghana in the wake of the prophecy .	600 foreigners reportedly cancelled their visits to ghana in the wake of the statement .
"inspired by two successful experiments already implemented in brazil, the ""pontos de cultura"" and ""estdio livre"", it will establish a series of multimedia centers based on gnu/ linux, equipped for creation, editing and post-production of videos created by citizens, which will be equipped with a backpack containing a camcorder and everything they need to perform video footage on the road."	"inspired by two successful experiments already implemented in brazil, the ""pontos de cultura"" and ""estdio livre"", it will establish a series of multimedia centers based on linux, equipped for creation, editing and post-production of videos created by citizens, which will be equipped with a backpack containing a camcorder and everything they need to perform video footage on the road."
eastern galicia had a population of approximately 4.8 million people ruthenians made up approximately 65% of the population while poles made up 22% of the population.	eastern galicia had a population of approximately 4.8 million people ukrainians made up approximately 65% of the population while poles made up 22% of the population.
the coalition government under john howard in 1996 established australian national flag day, in 1998 sponsored an amendment to the flags act to require any changes to the national flag design to be passed at a plebiscite along the same lines of the 1977 national song poll, in 2002 supplied anfa's promotional video free to all primary schools and in 2004 required all schools receiving federal funds to fly the australian flag.	the coalition government under john howard in 1996 formally recognised the commemoration of australian national flag day, in 1998 sponsored an amendment to the flags act to require any changes to the national flag design to be passed at a plebiscite along the same lines of the 1977 national song poll, in 2002 supplied anfa's promotional video free to all primary schools and in 2004 required all schools receiving federal funds to fly the australian flag.
the french resistance is the name used to denote the collection of french resistance movements that ferociously fought against the nazi german occupation of france and against the collaborationist vichy rgime during world war ii.	the french resistance is the name used to denote the collection of french resistance movements that fought against the nazi german occupation of france and against the collaborationist vichy rgime during world war ii.
"in addition to his addiction to heroin, the great jazz alto saxophonist charlie ""bird"" parker, jr. often took benzedrine in tablet form, dissolved in cups of hot coffee."	"in addition to his addiction to heroin, the jazz alto saxophonist charlie ""bird"" parker, jr. often took benzedrine in tablet form, dissolved in cups of hot coffee."
his books include the foxes union, a charming recollection of his life in rappahannock county, virginia, in the blue ridge mountains; fine print: reflections on the writing art; and, a political bestiary, with former u.s. senator eugene mccarthy.	his books include the foxes union, a recollection of his life in rappahannock county, virginia, in the blue ridge mountains; fine print: reflections on the writing art; and, a political bestiary, with former u.s. senator eugene mccarthy.
juan manuel de rosas (born juan manuel jos domingo ortiz de rozas y lpez de osornio; march 30, 1793 – march 14, 1877), was an argentine military officer and demagogue , who was elected governor of the province of buenos aires in 1829 to 1835, and then of the argentine confederation from 1835 until 1852, ruling the country as dictator.	juan manuel de rosas (born juan manuel jos domingo ortiz de rozas y lpez de osornio; march 30, 1793 – march 14, 1877), was an argentine military officer and politician , who was elected governor of the province of buenos aires in 1829 to 1835, and then of the argentine confederation from 1835 until 1852, ruling the country as dictator.
forward commitment procurement (fcp) is a procurement model that can be used to deliver cost effective environmental products and services to the public sector and help to create the market conditions in which the environmental goods and services sector can thrive.	forward commitment procurement (fcp) is a procurement model that is designed to be used to deliver cost effective environmental products and services to the public sector and help to create the market conditions in which the environmental goods and services sector can thrive.
the scandalous bombing of chinese embassy in belgrade in which three journalists were killed, and that led to a diplomatic row between the u.s.a. and china, is alleged to have been a result of precise and deliberate targeting because the office of the chinese military attach was being used by arkan to communicate and transmit messages to his `tigers', serb death squads in kosmet.	the bombing of chinese embassy in belgrade in which three journalists were killed, and that led to a diplomatic row between the u.s.a. and china, is alleged to have been a result of precise and deliberate targeting because the office of the chinese military attach was being used by arkan to communicate and transmit messages to his `tigers', serb death squads in kosmet.
furthermore, as with other forms of pseudoscience, the theory is conveniently tailored so that it is not falsifiable by any observations of the real world.	furthermore, as with other forms of pseudoscience, the theory seems to be conveniently tailored so that it is not falsifiable by any observations of the real world.
"had all sold out by monday, december 3, 2007. also according to the december 3, 2007 edition of the glenn beck program (radio show), due to incredible demand, a special printing was ordered to keep up with demand until the paper it was printed on was made available again to the publisher, and the special paper was of a different shape and higher quality than the paper used for the first nine printings, resulting in an unintentional ""limited edition,"" which was scheduled to become available on december 12th, 2007."	"had all sold out by monday, december 3, 2007. also according to the december 3, 2007 edition of the glenn beck program (radio show), due to high demand, a special printing was ordered to keep up with demand until the paper it was printed on was made available again to the publisher, and the special paper was of a different shape and higher quality than the paper used for the first nine printings, resulting in an unintentional ""limited edition,"" which was scheduled to become available on december 12th, 2007."
one enterprising class, 7ch, did a sponsored water relay for one of their events to raise money.	one class, 7ch, did a sponsored water relay for one of their events to raise money.
flight sim machinima, links to quality flight-sim machinima	flight sim machinima, links to flight-sim machinima
supersessionism ( wrongly called replacement theology by many of its critics) is a belief that christianity is the fulfillment and continuation of the old testament, and that jews who deny that jesus is the messiah are not being faithful to the revelation that god has given them, and they therefore fall short of their calling as his chosen people.	supersessionism (called replacement theology by many of its critics) is a belief that christianity is the fulfillment and continuation of the old testament, and that jews who deny that jesus is the messiah are not being faithful to the revelation that god has given them, and they therefore fall short of their calling as his chosen people.
the spectacular interior foyers were remodelled in the 1960s to make way for the unpopular capitol arcade , however the spectacular theatre has been retained.	the spectacular interior foyers were remodelled in the 1960s to make way for the capitol arcade, however the spectacular theatre has been retained.
cannop ponds are two large picturesque ponds, just north of parkend in the forest of dean, gloucestershire, england.	cannop ponds are two large ponds, just north of parkend in the forest of dean, gloucestershire, england.
during this period, france is also accused of having armed and helped the extremist regime which prepared for the genocide and did not hide its genocidal intention in the rwandan press or french soldiers.	during this period, france is also accused of having armed and helped the regime which prepared for the genocide and did not hide its genocidal intention in the rwandan press or french soldiers.
the theory entered the mainstream of theoretical physics and astrophysics only with the developments between approximately 1959 and 1975, now known as the golden age of general relativity.	the theory entered the mainstream of theoretical physics and astrophysics with the developments between approximately 1959 and 1975, now known as the golden age of general relativity.
apollonia, a beautiful sicilian woman, meets michael corleone shortly after he arrives in sicily.	apollonia, a young sicilian woman, meets michael corleone shortly after he arrives in sicily.
"with the contemporaneous importation by the british of bands of foreign mercenaries into the american colonies to suppress the rebellion by sack, pillage, fire, and the sword (the infamous hessians), and the stirring up of hostile bands of native americans on the frontier by the king's men to raid the colonists, it became clear, even ""self-evident"" to the colonists that they would neither find liberty nor security under the king's protection, and thus, they exercised certain inalienable rights, and a rebellion turned into a war of national independence."	"with the contemporaneous importation by the british of bands of foreign auxiliaries into the american colonies to suppress the rebellion by sack, pillage, fire, and the sword (the infamous hessians), and the stirring up of hostile bands of native americans on the frontier by the king's men to raid the colonists, it became clear, even ""self-evident"" to the colonists that they would neither find liberty nor security under the king's protection, and thus, they exercised certain inalienable rights, and a rebellion turned into a war of national independence."
microsoft windows is a series of popular proprietary operating environments and operating systems created by microsoft for use on personal computers and servers.	microsoft windows is a series of proprietary operating environments and operating systems created by microsoft for use on personal computers and servers.
phyllis diller - comedienne and actress	phyllis diller - comedian and actress
the doctor is the sadistic doctor of superjail.	the doctor is the doctor of superjail.
the fresh prince of bel-air is an emmy-nominated american television sitcom that originally aired on nbc from september 10, 1990 to may 20, 1996. the show starred will smith as a street-smart teenager from west philadelphia who is sent to live with his wealthy relatives in a bel air mansion.	the fresh prince of bel-air is an american television sitcom that originally aired on nbc from september 10, 1990 to may 20, 1996. the show starred will smith as a street-smart teenager from west philadelphia who is sent to live with his wealthy relatives in a bel air mansion.
the monsanto company is a controversial u.s.-based multinational agricultural biotechnology corporation.	the monsanto company is a u.s.-based multinational agricultural biotechnology corporation.
david ferrucci is the principal investigator who in 2007-2011 led a team of ibm and academic researchers and engineers to the development of the watson computer system that famously won a television quiz.	david ferrucci is the principal investigator who in 2007-2011 led a team of ibm and academic researchers and engineers to the development of the watson computer system that won a television quiz.
the actress named phyllis diller in this film is no relation to the comedienne phyllis diller.	the actress named phyllis diller in this film is no relation to the comedian phyllis diller.
in 1983, rigual tragically died, being substituted as main sports anchor man by rafael bracero.	in 1983, rigual died, being substituted as main sports anchor man by rafael bracero.
bertrand barre de vieuzac (10 september 175513 january 1841) was a french politician, freemason, journalist, and one of the most notorious members of the national convention during the french revolution.	bertrand barre de vieuzac (10 september 175513 january 1841) was a french politician, freemason, journalist, and one of the most prominent members of the national convention during the french revolution.
gellatley became vegetarian at the age of 15 and has spent most of her life campaigning on behalf of animals .	gellatley became vegetarian at the age of 15 and has spent most of her life campaigning on behalf of animal rights .
the communist party of labor of albania liberated the country toward the end of world war ii, installed a communist dictatorship, and formally deposed zog.	the communist party of labor of albania gained control of the country toward the end of world war ii, installed a communist dictatorship, and formally deposed zog.
new terms for minorities of immigrant descent have come into use: the scientific term allochtone in belgium and the netherlands, and 'nichtdeutsche herkunft' or 'ndh' in germany ('non-german origin').	new terms for minorities of immigrant descent have come into use: the sociolinguistics term allochtone in belgium and the netherlands, and 'nichtdeutsche herkunft' or 'ndh' in germany ('non-german origin').
sutardji calzoum bachri (born 1941 in rengat,riau) is a famous indonesian poet.	sutardji calzoum bachri (born 1941 in rengat,riau) is a well known indonesian poet.
"later that year, after the group had played a string of poorly received concerts, former purple guitarist ritchie blackmore, along with managers tony edwards, john coletta and bruce payne sued evans and won both $672,000 in damages and a permanent injunction against evans and his cohorts using the name ""deep purple,"" ending flynn's dubious association with the band."	"later that year, after the group had played a string of poorly received concerts, former purple guitarist ritchie blackmore, along with managers tony edwards, john coletta and bruce payne sued evans and won both $672,000 in damages and a permanent injunction against evans and his cohorts using the name ""deep purple,"" ending flynn's association with the band."
the climate is tropical, with scant rainfall, constant wind, and burning sun.	the climate is tropical, with scant rainfall, constant wind, and strong sun.
rihanna was born in saint michael, barbados, to ronald fenty of barbados (of black african and irish ancestry) and monica fenty, who is of guyanese descent.	rihanna was born in saint michael, barbados, to ronald fenty of barbados (of african and irish ancestry) and monica fenty, who is of guyanese descent.
in an interview with the associated press published april 20, 2003, senator santorum grouped gay sex together with incest, polygamy, and bestiality as deviant sexual behavior threatening society and the family.	in an interview with the associated press published april 20, 2003, senator santorum grouped gay sex together with incest, polygamy, and zoosexuality as deviant sexual behavior threatening society and the family.
"the debut performance of her masterpiece ""lost desert"" defeated many strong enemies and won in the first episode."	"the debut performance of her masterpiece ""lost desert"" defeated many strong competitors and won in the first episode."
a truly world-class player, though not without flaws.	a world-class player, though not without flaws.
a little known group indian mujahidin has claimed responsibility of these blasts.	a known group indian mujahidin has claimed responsibility of these blasts.
the proposed declaration does not in fact mention pseudo- marriage but most of the nations that support the document do recognize same-sex unions.	the proposed declaration does not in fact mention gay marriage but most of the nations that support the document do recognize same-sex unions.
wishes: a magical gathering of disney dreams is a fireworks spectacular at the magic kingdom theme park in florida and at disneyland park in paris.	wishes: a magical gathering of disney dreams is a fireworks show at the magic kingdom theme park in florida and at disneyland park in paris.
republika makedonija), is a country in eastern europe.	republika makedonija), is a country in the balkan peninsula in southeast europe.
as a modern state university it has no religious affiliation anymore.	as a state university it has no religious affiliation anymore.
the primary sources for information regarding jesus are the four canonical gospels,	the most frequently quoted sources for information regarding jesus are the four canonical gospels,
marcus richard einfeld ao (born 22 september 1939) is a disgraced former australian judge who served as a justice of the federal court of australia and the supreme courts of new south wales, western australia and the australian capital territory.	marcus richard einfeld ao (born 22 september 1939) is a former australian judge who served as a justice of the federal court of australia and the supreme courts of new south wales, western australia and the australian capital territory.
her groundbreaking study the stendhal syndrome (la sindrome di stendhal), published in 1989, is a description of her statistical methodology and, most importantly, a detailed description of some of her most interesting cases.	her study the stendhal syndrome (la sindrome di stendhal), published in 1989, is a description of her statistical methodology and, most importantly, a detailed description of some of her most interesting cases.
it is nominally part of victoria college.	it is part of victoria college.
in june, 2002, over 100 respected evangelical leaders signed a public 'statement of concern' opposing the tniv.	in june, 2002, over 100 evangelical leaders signed a public 'statement of concern' opposing the tniv.
townsend was born in howth, county dublin, the son of peter, a professional golfer, and lorna, a top model .	townsend was born in howth, county dublin, the son of peter, a professional golfer, and lorna, a model.
for a list of all known papers authored or co-authored by esther m. zimmer lederberg, see estherlederberg .	for a list of all known papers authored or co-authored by esther m. zimmer lederberg, see scientificlegacies .
dorothy virginia margaret juba (december 11, 1927 may 3, 1990), later known as dorothy horan, best known as dovima, was a supermodel during the 1950s.	dorothy virginia margaret juba (december 11, 1927 may 3, 1990), later known as dorothy horan, best known as dovima, was a model during the 1950s.
the legendary sculpture of st. peter found within st. peter's basilica, rome.	the sculpture of st. peter found within st. peter's basilica, rome.
germany is recognised as a scientific and cultural leader.	germany is recognised as a scientific and technological leader.
beautifully painted buildings in old town tallinn	painted buildings in old town tallinn
his fears proved to be unfounded, as the live shows allowed rhydian to turn public opinion in his favour.	his fears proved to be unfounded, as the live shows allowed roberts to turn public opinion in his favour.
"at 22nd street, most traffic continued north along 11th avenue, along which the new york central railroad (nycrr)'s west side line ran; it was known by many as ""death avenue"" for the many accidents caused by trains and automobiles colliding."	"at 22nd street, most traffic continued north along 11th avenue, along which the new york central railroad (nycrr)'s west side line ran; it was known by many as ""death avenue"" for the many crashes caused by trains and automobiles colliding."
others, such as martin heidegger, among the most prominent german philosophers to stay in germany, enthusiastically embraced nazism when it came to power.	others, such as martin heidegger, among the most prominent german philosophers to stay in germany, embraced nazism when it came to power.
tubefilter news is the leading web television trade publication in hollywood and has broken such major stories as apple, inc.'s foray into original content production and the launch of joss whedon's cult series dr. horrible's sing-along blog.	tubefilter news describes itself as the leading web television trade publication in hollywood and has broken such major stories as apple, inc.'s foray into original content production and the launch of joss whedon's cult series dr. horrible's sing-along blog.
it is available in pdf -file comparison tables that break down the information according to type of credit card, allowing the reader to compare the features of, for example, all the student credit cards in the database.	it is available in pdf comparison tables that break down the information according to type of credit card, allowing the reader to compare the features of, for example, all the student credit cards in the database.
the production toured australia and enjoyed a season in new york at the new victory theater.	the production toured australia and played a season in new york at the new victory theater.
metalcore is a musical genre consisting of a mix between heavy metal and emo .	metalcore is a musical genre consisting of a mix between heavy metal and hardcore punk .
the evidence discovered resulted in the infamous 1963 divorce case, in which the duke of argyll accused his wife of infidelity and included a set of polaroid photographs of the duchess nude, save for her signature three-strand pearl necklace, in the company of another man.	the evidence discovered resulted in the 1963 divorce case, in which the duke of argyll accused his wife of infidelity and included a set of polaroid photographs of the duchess nude, save for her signature three-strand pearl necklace, in the company of another man.
the speech was in stark contrast with some of his previous rhetoric, with trump promising to heal the division caused by the election, thanking clinton for her service to the country, and promising to be a president to all americans.	the speech was in contrast with some of his previous rhetoric, with trump promising to heal the division caused by the election, thanking clinton for her service to the country, and promising to be a president to all americans.
the devil and god are raging inside me is the third full length album by the amazing alternative rock band brand new, and their major label debut on interscope records, to be released on january 12, 2007 in mainland europe.	the devil and god are raging inside me is the third full length album by the alternative rock band brand new, and their major label debut on interscope records, to be released on january 12, 2007 in mainland europe.
she is popular for playing the lead role in korean drama series another oh hae-young (2016).	she is known for playing the lead role in korean drama series another oh hae-young (2016).
he entered the k-1 with a vicious spinning-heel kick ko over stefan leko in a reserve fight at the k-1 world grand prix 2005.	he entered the k-1 with a spinning-heel kick ko over stefan leko in a reserve fight at the k-1 world grand prix 2005.
although in the past one has found beautiful proofs of certain identities there exist several algorithms to find and prove identities.	although in the past one has found proofs of certain identities there exist several algorithms to find and prove identities.
yesallwomen is a popular twitter hashtag and social media campaign in which users share examples or stories of misogyny and violence against women.	yesallwomen is a twitter hashtag and social media campaign in which users share examples or stories of misogyny and violence against women.
"laguna beach: the real orange county (often referred to only as ""laguna beach"") is a faux reality tv show purporting to document the lives of several affluent teenagers living in laguna beach, california, a wealthy community in orange county."	"laguna beach: the real orange county (often referred to only as ""laguna beach"") is a reality tv show purporting to document the lives of several affluent teenagers living in laguna beach, california, a wealthy community in orange county."
the number of sons of ater in the census of men of israel upon return from exile ( holy bible, ezra 2:16)	the number of sons of ater in the census of men of israel upon return from exile (bible, ezra 2:16)
many of these nations have experienced considerable political conflict between the so-called white minority (those who self-identify as being descendants of settlers from the former colonial power) and those who see themselves as mixed, or in the case of south africa those who are seen as non-european unmixed majorities.	many of these nations have experienced considerable political conflict between the white minority (those who self-identify as being descendants of settlers from the former colonial power) and those who see themselves as mixed, or in the case of south africa those who are seen as non-european unmixed majorities.
problematic placement in the viagens series	placement in the viagens series
one of the most influential academic theologians since the 1960s and author of many books, he is viewed as orthodox and a close ally of his predecessor, pope john paul ii.	one of the most influential academic theologians since the 1960s and author of many books, he is viewed as conservative and a close ally of his predecessor, pope john paul ii.
its leading proponents, all of whom are affiliated with the discovery institute, assert that intelligent design is a scientific theory that stands on equal footing with, or is superior to, current scientific theories regarding the evolution and origin of life.	its leading proponents, all of whom are affiliated with the discovery institute, beleive that intelligent design is a scientific theory that stands on equal footing with, or is superior to, current scientific theories regarding the evolution and origin of life.
a four-part series highlighting the devastating effects of sand mining	a four-part series highlighting the effects of sand mining
she became famous as a comedienne .	she became famous as a comedian .
"weeks later, this ""he"" turned out to be the undertaker, who proceeded to initiate knight as his servant via a ritual, rechristening him as mideon."	"weeks later, this ""he"" turned out to be the undertaker, who proceeded to initiate knight as his servant via a ritual, renaming him as mideon."
more than two hours' bonus footage has been added to the trilogy which now makes the total over 11 excellent hours of film.	more than two hours' bonus footage has been added to the trilogy which now makes the total over 11 hours of film.
during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict, israel admitted	during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict, israel stated
however, the neologism post-fascist has been used to describe their beliefs, owing to their intellectual roots which lie partly in third positionism, an ideology often misinterpreted to be neo-fascist.	however, the neologism post-fascist has been used to describe their beliefs, owing to their intellectual roots which lie partly in third positionism, an ideology often interpreted to be neo-fascist.
sadly the game is under threat, as the building of a tesco extra store looks set to get the go ahead on the playing area of the uppies and downies.	the game is under threat, as the building of a tesco extra store looks set to get the go ahead on the playing area of the uppies and downies.
"eventually, after the idiot stole a 9"" hitachi computer monitor sitting on her apple ii (and presumably found it hard to use or sell)), she put a 12""-square sign on the replacement:"" not a tv!"""	"eventually, after the robber stole a 9"" hitachi computer monitor sitting on her apple ii (and presumably found it hard to use or sell)), she put a 12""-square sign on the replacement:"" not a tv!"""
it was not until media coverage of militarized police during august 2014 ferguson unrest that the program drew nationwide public attention.	it was not until media coverage of police during august 2014 ferguson unrest that the program drew nationwide public attention.
"nearing the end of her life, she became notable for making generous donations to various parish charities, earning for herself the lucrative title ""generous janet""."	"nearing the end of her life, she became notable for making generous donations to various parish charities, earning for herself the title ""generous janet"" ."
"no depression (periodical), the premier magazine of the genre, declares that it covers ""alternative-country music (whatever that is)""."	"no depression (periodical), the most well known magazine of the genre, declares that it covers ""alternative-country music (whatever that is)""."
"their later role was well portrayed in the 1980s book ""twilight of the ascendancy"" by mark bence-jones."	"their later role was portrayed in the 1980s book ""twilight of the ascendancy"" by mark bence-jones."
good article on inductor characteristics and modeling.	article on inductor characteristics and modeling.
in march 2009 a lawsuit was brought against the attorney general of canada as the age of sexual consent increase was a direct violation of the canadian charter of rights and freedoms within the constitution of canada.	in march 2009 a lawsuit was brought against the attorney general of canada alleging the age of sexual consent increase was a direct violation of the canadian charter of rights and freedoms within the constitution of canada.
after the company failed to pay the tax, bolivia announced the seizure and auction of the antofagasta nitrate & railway company on february 14, 1879. chile threatened that such an action would render the border treaty null and, on the day of the auction, 500 chilean soldiers arrived by ship and occupied the bolivian port city of antofagasta, whose population was 93%-95% chilean, without a fight.	after the company failed to pay the tax, bolivia announced the seizure and auction of the antofagasta nitrate & railway company on february 14, 1879. chile announced that such an action would render the border treaty null and, on the day of the auction, 500 chilean soldiers arrived by ship and occupied the bolivian port city of antofagasta, whose population was 93%-95% chilean, without a fight.
is a massively controversial proposed european union directive intended to harmonise aspects of the european union copyright law and moved towards a digital single market.	is a controversial proposed european union directive intended to harmonise aspects of the european union copyright law and moved towards a digital single market.
the huge army of the russian empire and the austrian forces proved too powerful for the hungarian army, and general artr grgey surrendered in august 1849.	the army of the russian empire and the austrian forces proved too powerful for the hungarian army, and general artr grgey surrendered in august 1849.
he did not finish a degree, which contrasted sharply with grammarian t.e.	he did not finish a degree, which contrasted sharply with rival t.e.
gnther hermann oettinger (born 15 october 1953) is a pro-putin german politician and a member of the christian democratic union (cdu).	gnther hermann oettinger (born 15 october 1953) is a german politician and a member of the christian democratic union (cdu).
in 2012-2013, a total of 25 scientists visited the base which was manned for 185 days to carry out studies under ten distinct projects.	in 2012-2013, a total of 25 scientists visited the base which was staffed for 185 days to carry out studies under ten distinct projects.
copies of this painting exist, including one owned by donald trump at the trump tower in new york city; he falsely claims his copy to be the original.	copies of this painting exist, including one owned by donald trump at the trump tower in new york city; he allegedly claims his copy to be the original.
in his role as clinton's chief strategist, penn gained minor attention nationally during a controversy about barack obama's admission of drug use during obama's adolescence and questions about whether the clinton campaign was trying to exploit the issue.	in his role as clinton's chief strategist, penn gained attention nationally during a controversy about barack obama's admission of drug use during obama's adolescence and questions about whether the clinton campaign was trying to exploit the issue.
baby boomer cohort #2 (born from 1955 to 1964, usually called generation jones)	baby boomer cohort #2 (born from 1955 to 1964, also called generation jones)
this unfortunate accident also provided the genesis for a massive recertification process for all 1,300 airborne warning and control aircrew members.	this accident also provided the genesis for a massive recertification process for all 1,300 airborne warning and control aircrew members.
humans have evolved taste receptors specifically for the detection of the amino acids, e.g.	humans have taste receptors specifically for the detection of the amino acids, e.g.
fafhrd and the gray mouser are two seminal sword-and-sorcery heroes appearing in stories written by fritz leiber (19101992).	fafhrd and the gray mouser are two sword-and-sorcery heroes appearing in stories written by fritz leiber (19101992).
the film, directed by scott stewart, is loosely based on the korean comic of the same name.	the film, directed by scott stewart, is based on the korean comic of the same name.
in 1976, it was decided to remove the mickey mouse club theater in disneyland and shoehorn a pinocchio dark ride into it.	in 1976, it was decided to remove the mickey mouse club theater in disneyland and insert a pinocchio dark ride into it.
its operation is sometimes claimed to depend on sensitivity to a wide variety of clues: anything from flamboyant or overt violations of traditional gender roles (including occupation, grooming habits, and so on) or more subtle clues, like one's style preferences or other personal tastes or habits.	its operation is sometimes claimed to depend on sensitivity to a wide variety of clues: anything from flamboyant or overt rejection of traditional gender roles (including occupation, grooming habits, and so on) or more subtle clues, like one's style preferences or other personal tastes or habits.
the river greta and the brignall area were famously painted by john sell cotman and j. m. w. turner amongst others.	the river greta and the brignall area were painted by john sell cotman and j. m. w. turner amongst others.
thus hanafi, shafi and zaydi schools of thought permit abortion, though they hold that it is still makruh (detested by god) without a good reason.	thus hanafi, shafi and zaydi schools of thought permit abortion, though they hold that it is still makruh (detested by god) without a reason.
the queen's official birthday, or king's official birthday in the reign of a male monarch, is the selected day in some commonwealth realms on which the birthday of the monarch (currently queen elizabeth ii) is officially celebrated.	the queen's official birthday, or king's official birthday in the reign of a male monarch, is the selected day in the united kingdom an the other commonwealth realms on which the birthday of the monarch (currently queen elizabeth ii) is officially celebrated.
"mike d'abo went to manfred mann, while john gaydon became a successful manager, involved with king crimson; julie felix; emerson, lake & palmer; t. rex; and roxy music in partnership with ""a band of angels"" former manager david enthoven."	"mike d'abo went to manfred mann, while john gaydon became a manager, involved with king crimson; julie felix; emerson, lake & palmer; t. rex; and roxy music in partnership with ""a band of angels"" former manager david enthoven."
he admitting that he was a fraud	he stated that he was a fraud
although the word is falling out of use in serious scholarship, jehovah's witnesses use it above all other forms of yhwh, retaining it in the official name of the religious organization.	although the word is falling out of use in most scholarship, jehovah's witnesses use it above all other forms of yhwh, retaining it in the official name of the religious organization.
the democratic party platform is contrary to the mission of liberty university and to christian doctrine, hine's e-mail stated, citing the party's positions on abortion, same-sex marriage, hate crimes, lgbt civil rights, and socialism as justification for the dissolution.	the democratic party platform is contrary to the mission of liberty university and to christian doctrine, hine's e-mail stated, citing the party's positions on abortion, same-sex marriage, hate crimes, lgbt rights, and socialism as justification for the dissolution.
the rape of belgium (4 august through september 1914 ) was a series of german war crimes in the opening months of world war i. the neutrality of belgium had been guaranteed by prussia in 1839. germany accepted prussia's diplomatic obligations and offered additional guarantees in 1871 and at the hague conference in 1907. however the german war plan, known as the schlieffen plan, called for germany to violate this neutrality in order to outflank the french army, concentrated in eastern france.	the rape of belgium (4 august through september 1914 ) is a term describing a series of german war crimes in the opening months of world war i. the neutrality of belgium had been guaranteed by prussia in 1839. germany accepted prussia's diplomatic obligations and offered additional guarantees in 1871 and at the hague conference in 1907. however the german war plan, known as the schlieffen plan, called for germany to violate this neutrality in order to outflank the french army, concentrated in eastern france.
sir michael john gambon, cbe (born 19 october 1940) is an irish -british actor who has worked in theatre, television and film.	sir michael john gambon, cbe (born 19 october 1940) is an irish actor who has worked in theatre, television and film.
this type of phenomenal experience implies that the subject feels himself performing the action.	this type of phenomenal experience implies that the subject feels themselves performing the action.
outside the christian tradition chrysostom is noted for eight of his sermons which played a considerable part in the history of christian antisemitism, and were extensively misused by the nazis in their ideological campaign against the jews.	outside the christian tradition chrysostom is noted for eight of his sermons which played a considerable part in the history of christian antisemitism, and were extensively cited by the nazis in their ideological campaign against the jews.
"bullfighting, also known as tauromachia or tauromachy; from ""bull-fight""; ; , is a traditional spectacle of spain, portugal, southern france and some latin american countries (mexico, colombia, ecuador, venezuela and peru), in which one or more bulls are baited, and then slaughtered in a bullring for sport and entertainment."	"bullfighting, also known as tauromachia or tauromachy; from ""bull-fight""; ; , is a traditional spectacle of spain, portugal, southern france and some latin american countries (mexico, colombia, ecuador, venezuela and peru), in which one or more bulls are baited, and then killed in a bullring for sport and entertainment."
cassettes of his music were passed along from hand to hand, despite the risk of imprisonment or even death.	cassettes of his music were passed along from hand to hand, despite the risk of imprisonment or death.
ben alexander (born nicholas benton alexander; june 27, 1911 – august 6, 1969) was an emmy-nominated american motion picture actor, who started out as a child actor in 1926.	ben alexander (born nicholas benton alexander; june 27, 1911 – august 6, 1969) was an american motion picture actor, who started out as a child actor in 1926.
another study in 1992 found that having one abortion was positively associated with higher global self-esteem, particularly feelings of self-worth, capableness, and not feeling one is a failure.	another study in 1992 found that having one abortion was negative associated with higher global self-esteem, particularly feelings of self-worth, capableness, and not feeling one is a failure.
king rat was the nickname of the british terrorist billy wright, and an autobiography he wrote detailing his criminal activities.	king rat was the nickname of the british terrorist billy wright, and an autobiography he wrote detailing his activities.
in other western-led interventions such as in kosovo (1999) and libya (2011) where the pretext in each case was a humanitarian matter, there had been active opposition fighting on the ground to oust the relevant governments (in the case of kosovo, this meant removal of state forces from the desired territory rather than ousting the government itself).	in other western-led interventions such as in kosovo (1999) and libya (2011) where the initial claim of justification in each case was a humanitarian matter, there had been active opposition fighting on the ground to oust the relevant governments (in the case of kosovo, this meant removal of state forces from the desired territory rather than ousting the government itself).
it premiered on november 9, 2003, and was theatrically released on november 14, 2003. the film grossed only $68.5 million against its $80 million budget.	it premiered on november 9, 2003, and was theatrically released on november 14, 2003. the film grossed $68.5 million against its $80 million budget.
after being exposed all day on august 10, 1988, at midnight communist terrorists took his body and threw it vertically in a hole created by removal of a wooden pole at an undisclosed location.	after being exposed all day on august 10, 1988, at midnight communist officials took his body and threw it vertically in a hole created by removal of a wooden pole at an undisclosed location.
all these problems can be solved easily with the concept of ausbausprache, abstandsprache and dachsprache, even though most english speakers are unfamiliar with this concept.	most of these problems can be solved easily with the concept of ausbausprache, abstandsprache and dachsprache, even though most english speakers are unfamiliar with this concept.
"on the topic of paul (who was himself jewish) and ""jewish customs"", catholic encyclopedia: judaizers observes : ""paul, on the other hand, not only did not object to the observance of the mosaic law, as long as it did not interfere with the liberty of the gentiles, but he conformed to its prescriptions when occasion required ."	"on the topic of paul (who was himself jewish) and ""jewish customs"", catholic encyclopedia: judaizers claims : ""paul, on the other hand, not only did not object to the observance of the mosaic law, as long as it did not interfere with the liberty of the gentiles, but he conformed to its prescriptions when occasion required ."
"the temperatures during summer are unforgiving as high as 120 f (48 c); nonetheless, there is a group of around 150 permanent residents who live in ""the slabs"" year round."	"the temperatures during summer are as high as 120 f (48 c); nonetheless, there is a group of around 150 permanent residents who live in ""the slabs"" year round."
"the chase has been unfairly called ""the matt kenseth rule"" because of the season kenseth had in 2003 prior to nascar adopting the system."	"the chase has been called ""the matt kenseth rule"" because of the season kenseth had in 2003 prior to nascar adopting the system."
}}the mighty wxkw calls were once again issued to an albany radio station in 1961. this time for a 500 watt daytime only station operating at 1600 khz in watervliet, new york, 6 miles north of albany.	}}the wxkw calls were once again issued to an albany radio station in 1961. this time for a 500 watt daytime only station operating at 1600 khz in watervliet, new york, 6 miles north of albany.
uccf's propaganda website	uccf's apologetics website
classic years: 197173	middle years: 197173
whoopi goldberg, comedienne , actress	whoopi goldberg, comedian , actress
seismic activity has been a feature of the mediterranean sea area throughout the history of mankind .	seismic activity has been a feature of the mediterranean sea area throughout the history of humankind .
illustrated by renowned artist franois berthoud , the boudoir bible provides a fresh view of sexuality in the twenty-first century.	illustrated by artist franois berthoud, the boudoir bible provides a fresh view of sexuality in the twenty-first century.
strangely this edition contains some new material which was not included in the original deluxe release.	this edition contains some new material which was not included in the original deluxe release.
it also is the second of three film's that follow the characters from the initial film, the ipcress file; the third, billion dollar brain, was silly in its approach to espionage.	it also is the second of three film's that follow the characters from the initial film, the ipcress file; the third, billion dollar brain, was arguably questionable in its approach to espionage.
most were charged with the minor offence of obstructing police and fined 5, but several of the ringleaders were found guilty of affray and sentenced to 3 months of hard labour.	most were charged with the minor offence of obstructing police and fined 5, but several of the leaders were found guilty of affray and sentenced to 3 months of hard labour.
merely glad to have their boat in one piece, the kiwis followed spithill to the finish 52 seconds behind.	merely glad to have their boat in one piece, the new zealanders followed spithill to the finish 52 seconds behind.
the nissan gt-r is a high performance automobile created by nissan, released in japan on december 6th, 2007, and expected to be released internationally by the beginning of 2008. nissan and the automotive press expressed that the nissan gt-r has redefined the term supercar.	the nissan gt-r is a high performance supercar created by nissan, released in japan on december 6th, 2007, and expected to be released internationally by the beginning of 2008. nissan and the automotive press expressed that the nissan gt-r has redefined the term supercar.
it was a small sandy coastal gully, however it has been redirected through an ugly culvert down to beach level to reduce its effect on erosion to the cliff.	it was a small sandy coastal gully, however it has been redirected through an culvert down to beach level to reduce its effect on erosion to the cliff.
however, guns rights advocates take the position that, regardless of the storage method, and whether access to the detail a/d record is automated or manual, this system is a system of registration of firearms, firearm owners and firearm transactions specifically prohibited by 18 u.s.c.	however, guns rights advocates take the position that, regardless of the storage method, and whether access to the detail a/d record is automated or manual, this system is a system of registration of firearms, firearm owners and firearm transactions prohibited by 18 u.s.c.
the discovery and development of less expensive methods of bulk production of hydrogen will accelerate the establishment of a healthy hydrogen economy.	the discovery and development of less expensive methods of bulk production of hydrogen will accelerate the establishment of a hydrogen economy.
from a very early age, missick had a passion for entertaining; he would often gain appraisal from his family members due to his innate ability to make them laugh.	from a very early age, missick had a passion for entertaining; he would often gain appraisal from his family members due to his ability to make them laugh.
following the opening of jaws with the park on june 7, 1990, it experienced extensive and persistent breakdowns as a result of the massive special effects involved, as did fellow original rides kongfrontation and earthquake: the big one.	following the opening of jaws with the park on june 7, 1990, it experienced extensive and persistent breakdowns as a result of the elaborate special effects involved, as did fellow original rides kongfrontation and earthquake: the big one.
political power was ceded to london with the treaty of union in 1707. however the 18th century saw edinburgh become the hub of an unprecedented period of innovation and cultural expression at the heart of the scottish enlightenment.	political power was lost to london with the treaty of union in 1707. however the 18th century saw edinburgh become the hub of an unprecedented period of innovation and cultural expression at the heart of the scottish enlightenment.
rubin claims that he and diamond were not aware of xcp, and both were infuriated about it.	rubin says that he and diamond were not aware of xcp, and both were infuriated about it.
sheilas' wheels is a uk car insurance company that sells insurance to women only, and advertises on television with a famous, catchy /irritating , australian theme tune.	sheilas' wheels is a uk car insurance company that sells insurance to women only, and advertises on television with a famous, catchy, australian theme tune.
"the term ""anthropology"" is from the greek anthrpos , ""man"", understood to mean mankind or humanity, and -logia , ""discourse"" or ""study."""	"the term ""anthropology"" is from the greek anthrpos , ""man"", understood to mean humankind or humanity, and -logia , ""discourse"" or ""study."""
although often overlooked by eurocentric historians, an objective evaluation shows huscar to be one of the most significant historic warships afloat in the world.	although often overlooked by maritime historians, an objective evaluation shows huscar to be one of the most significant historic warships afloat in the world.
"quayle sheepishly responded, ""that was uncalled for, senator,"" in one of the defining moments of the 1988 campaign."	"quayle responded, ""that was uncalled for, senator,"" in one of the defining moments of the 1988 campaign."
the republic of ireland took on wales in a euro 2008 qualifier, in which a stephen ireland goal secured a nervy 1-0 win for the irish in front of a crowd of 72,500.	the republic of ireland took on wales in a euro 2008 qualifier, in which a stephen ireland goal secured a 1-0 win for the irish in front of a crowd of 72,500.
in the course of the 'challenge', he deliberately elbowed battiston in the face.	in the course of the 'challenge', he also elbowed battiston in the face.
"while engaged in recruitment efforts on the campus of penn state university in 2006, woroniecki told the daily collegian he has no followers, minimized his influence on yates by stating he only visited her ""three to five times"", omitting the fact that most of his 15 year, long-distance relationship with the yateses was conducted through phone calls and letters, and feigned knowing nothing about andrea's case in an apparent effort to distance himself from the yateses and avoid counter-productive discussion on the subject."	"while engaged in recruitment efforts on the campus of penn state university in 2006, woroniecki told the daily collegian he has no followers, minimized his influence on yates by stating he only visited her ""three to five times"", omitting the fact that most of his 15 year, long-distance relationship with the yateses was conducted through phone calls and letters, and feigned knowing nothing about andrea's case in an apparent effort to distance himself from the yateses and avoid discussion on the subject."
problems arose while gary was preoccupied with making the cbs cartoon series dungeons & dragons.	this development arose while gary was preoccupied with making the cbs cartoon series dungeons & dragons.
martin luther (november 10, 1483 february 181546) was a german monk, priest, professor, theologian, and heretic .	martin luther (november 10, 1483 february 181546) was a german monk, priest, professor, theologian, and church reformer .
"he also stated that the song ""clones"" touches on the criticism that the band sounds too much like progressive-rock band tool, but going on to say it's about ""getting shit from peers and people saying that you're ripping somebody else off"" and that the song goes back to his youth as well as one other track."	"he also stated that the song ""clones"" touches on the criticism that the band sounds too much like the band tool, but going on to say it's about ""getting shit from peers and people saying that you're ripping somebody else off"" and that the song goes back to his youth as well as one other track."
the award was first given in 1995. following is a list of the winners of this prestigious title since then.	the award was first given in 1995. following is a list of the winners of this title since then.
located in a building with a 16th-century core, abbot house offers a view of scotland's history from early beginnings through the 19th century, provided to visitors by guided tour by knowledgable local experts.	located in a building with a 16th-century core, abbot house offers a view of scotland's history from early beginnings through the 19th century, provided to visitors by guided tour by local experts.
according to maltastar.com, wikiscanner uncovered edits by other large organizations, including amnesty international, apple inc., chevrontexaco, coca cola, the british conservative party, dell computers, ea games, exxon mobil, the fbi, the guardian, microsoft, myspace, the national rifle association, nestl, news of the world, the new york times, the government of portugal, the us republican party, reuters, sony, the united nations, walmart, and a dog breeding association.	according to maltastar.com, wikiscanner has shown edits by other large organizations, including amnesty international, apple inc., chevrontexaco, coca cola, the british conservative party, dell computers, ea games, exxon mobil, the fbi, the guardian, microsoft, myspace, the national rifle association, nestl, news of the world, the new york times, the government of portugal, the us republican party, reuters, sony, the united nations, walmart, and a dog breeding association.
the heartland institute questions the scientific consensus on climate change, arguing that global warming is not occurring and, further, that warming would be beneficial if it did occur.	the heartland institute challenges the scientific consensus on climate change, arguing that global warming is not occurring and, further, that warming would be beneficial if it did occur.
in the 2011 legislative session rep. barca rose to national prominence as a leader in the struggle against governor scott walkers proposed changes to collective bargaining privileges in wisconsin.	in the 2011 legislative session rep. barca rose to national prominence as a leader in the struggle against governor scott walkers proposed changes to collective bargaining in wisconsin.
czechoslovakia was not even consulted on this agreement.	czechoslovakia was not consulted on this agreement.
south of sunset is a detective series, starring musician/actor glenn frey that aired just one episode on cbs in 1993.	south of sunset is a detective series, starring musician/actor glenn frey that aired one episode on cbs in 1993.
in certain areas, where the member states have pooled some national sovereignty rights to the union (e.g.	in certain areas, where the member states have transferred some national sovereignty rights to the union (e.g.
as a trained lawyer and writer he has documented u.s. lawlessness policy in nearly two dozen countries.	as a trained lawyer and writer he has documented u.s. policy in nearly two dozen countries.
his is part of the famed feldman rabbinic family, his brother being emanuel feldman the current editor of tradition magazine.	his is part of the feldman rabbinic family, his brother being emanuel feldman the current editor of tradition magazine.
the town was also the birthplace of second world war hero , sir augustus walker of the royal air force.	the town was also the birthplace of second world war airman , sir augustus walker of the royal air force.
edwards played aunt dolly in hamner's unsuccessful series boone, which aired on nbc from 1983-1984. her principal costars were tom byrd as boone sawyer, an aspiring singer, and barry corbin as boone's skeptical father, merit sawyer.	edwards played aunt dolly in hamner's series boone, which aired on nbc from 1983-1984. her principal costars were tom byrd as boone sawyer, an aspiring singer, and barry corbin as boone's skeptical father, merit sawyer.
"it is set in feudal japan in the year 1600 some months before the critical battle of sekigahara, and gives an account of the rise of the daimyo ""toranaga"" ( clearly in reference to the real-life tokugawa ieyasu) to the shogunate, seen through the eyes of an english sailor whose fictional heroics are loosely based on william adams' exploits."	"it is set in feudal japan in the year 1600 some months before the critical battle of sekigahara, and gives an account of the rise of the daimyo ""toranaga"" ( possibly in reference to the real-life tokugawa ieyasu) to the shogunate, seen through the eyes of an english sailor whose fictional heroics are loosely based on william adams' exploits."
bridget jones's diary (2001): a hilarious cameo as himself, particularly memorable as both hugh grant and renee zellweger ask him for directions to the lavatory.	bridget jones's diary (2001): a cameo as himself, particularly memorable as both hugh grant and renee zellweger ask him for directions to the lavatory.
le pen has made statements denying climate change and linking climate science and communism.	le pen has made statements skeptical of predictions of catastrophic climate change and linking climate science and communism.
"scaife is identified with his massive largesse to conservative and libertarian causes-- the washington post dubbed him ""funding father of the right"" in 1999. but his philanthropic interests are not restricted to politics."	"scaife is identified with his largesse to conservative and libertarian causes-- the washington post dubbed him ""funding father of the right"" in 1999. but his philanthropic interests are not restricted to politics."
dexigner – leading online portal for designers, that includes a directory section.	dexigner – online portal for designers, that includes a directory section.
winstead is best known for her scream queen roles in the horror films final destination 3, death proof, the thing, and abraham lincoln: vampire hunter, but has also branched out to other genres, including as john mcclane's daughter lucy in live free or die hard, ramona flowers in the comic-to-film adaptation of scott pilgrim vs. the world and as the alcoholic wife who struggles through sobriety in the sundance-selected film smashed.	winstead is known for her scream queen roles in the horror films final destination 3, death proof, the thing, and abraham lincoln: vampire hunter, but has also branched out to other genres, including as john mcclane's daughter lucy in live free or die hard, ramona flowers in the comic-to-film adaptation of scott pilgrim vs. the world and as the alcoholic wife who struggles through sobriety in the sundance-selected film smashed.
the guests typically include under class couples, families and friends who are concerned about a person or people close to them with a problem that they would like to be resolved.	the guests typically include working class couples, families and friends who are concerned about a person or people close to them with a problem that they would like to be resolved.
bad4good was a heavy metal band formed in 1991 by guitarist virtuoso steve vai.	bad4good was a heavy metal band formed in 1991 by guitarist steve vai.
because the son is wonderfully begotten, not made, the substance of his persona is that of yahweh, of deity.	because the son is begotten, not made, the substance of his persona is that of yahweh, of deity.
in comparison with other developed countries, the united states has a much higher homicide rate, whereas rates of property crime and other types of crime are comparable.	in comparison with other developed countries, the united states has a higher homicide rate, whereas rates of property crime and other types of crime are comparable.
he fled to the countryside during the bombings of london by german aircraft.	he retreated to the countryside during the bombings of london by german aircraft.
major charles kawalsky, character in the popular science fiction television series stargate sg-1	major charles kawalsky, character in the science fiction television series stargate sg-1
robben had another chance at goal with a break-away late in regulation time but was pulled away from the ball by carles puyol.	robben had another chance at goal with a break-away late in regulation time but may have been pulled away from the ball by carles puyol.
over the years the pap has been accused of taking overly harsh actions against opposition parties to discourage and impede their success, such as gerrymandering (redrawing electoral districts to one's own favour).	over the years the pap has been accused of taking harsh actions against opposition parties to discourage and impede their success, such as gerrymandering (redrawing electoral districts to one's own favour).
there are some similarities between stories about jesus and myths of pagan godmen such as mithra, apollo, attis, and osiris dionysus, leading to conjectures that the pagan myths were adopted by early accounts of jesus.	there are many similarities between stories about jesus and myths of pagan godmen such as mithra, apollo, attis, and osiris dionysus, leading to conjectures that the pagan myths were adopted by early accounts of jesus.
the next elections for handbridge will be in 2008, for the city council, when popular local councillor stephen mosley will be up for re-election.	the next elections for handbridge will be in 2008, for the city council, when local councillor stephen mosley will be up for re-election.
hatton national bank plc (commonly abbreviated as hnb) is a leading private bank in sri lanka with 251 branches and 563 atms.	hatton national bank plc (commonly abbreviated as hnb) is a private bank in sri lanka with 251 branches and 563 atms.
although in a condition of numerical inferiority, the huscar, under the command of grau, manages to hold-off all of the chilean navy for six months.	in a condition of numerical inferiority, the huscar, under the command of grau, manages to hold-off all of the chilean navy for six months.
looptopia is a unique annual event taking place in the city of chicago.	looptopia is a annual event taking place in the city of chicago.
meherabad is a popular place of pilgrimage for both eastern and western followers of meher baba with reported numbers of around 30,000 annual pilgrims at amartithi (the celebration of his passing , january 31).	meherabad is a popular place of pilgrimage for both eastern and western followers of meher baba with reported numbers of around 30,000 annual pilgrims at amartithi (the celebration of his death , january 31).
if/when released, the game will reportedly be available for microsoft windows and apple macintosh.	when released, the game will reportedly be available for microsoft windows and apple macintosh.
sadly bristol chose to reuse the name many years later for the engine used in the hawker harrier, see bristol pegasus (jet).	confusingly, bristol chose to reuse the name many years later for the engine used in the hawker harrier, see bristol pegasus (jet).
in the late 17th century this constellation was created by the polish astronomer johannes hevelius.	in the late 17th century this constellation was created by the astronomer johannes hevelius.
in 1951, u.s. congressman william upshaw, who had been crippled as the result of an accident, claimed he was miraculously healed in a branham meeting and sent a letter describing his unsubstantiated experience to each member of congress.	in 1951, u.s. congressman william upshaw, who had been crippled as the result of an accident, claimed he was miraculously healed in a branham meeting and sent a letter describing his alleged experience to each member of congress.
the new -and-improved marine world opened to visitors in 1986, and remained under control of the non-profit marine world foundation, using garfield as a mascot at various points.	the new marine world opened to visitors in 1986, and remained under control of the non-profit marine world foundation, using garfield as a mascot at various points.
the reorganized church of jesus christ was a schismatic sect that was created in 1907 from dissenting members of the church of jesus christ (bickertonite).	the reorganized church of jesus christ was a sect that was created in 1907 from dissenting members of the church of jesus christ (bickertonite).
"a study has shown that ""there was rather a rather extended period of time in the history of the english language when the choice of a supposedly masculine personal pronoun (him) said nothing about the gender or sex of the referent."""	"a study has shown that ""there was a rather extended period of time in the history of the english language when the choice of a supposedly masculine personal pronoun (him) said nothing about the gender or sex of the referent."""
wolverhampton is a city in the historical county of staffordshire and metropolian county of the west midlands.	wolverhampton is a city in the county of staffordshire and metropolian county of the west midlands .
several backdoors in the pirated copies of wordpress plug-ins were discovered in march 2014. they were inserted as obfuscated javascript code and silently created, for example, an admin account in the website database.	several backdoors in the unlicensed copies of wordpress plug-ins were discovered in march 2014. they were inserted as obfuscated javascript code and silently created, for example, an admin account in the website database.
mcconnell was the only republican senate challenger to win that year, despite ronald reagan's crushing victory in the presidential election.	mcconnell was the only republican senate challenger to win that year, despite ronald reagan's landslide victory in the presidential election.
hannah hart (born 1986), american internet personality, comedienne , actress and author	hannah hart (born 1986), american internet personality, comedian , actress and author
some other interesting studies have been done that show the possibility of handedness occurring as early as in the womb which would indicate a biological process.	some other studies have been done that show the possibility of handedness occurring as early as in the womb which would indicate a biological process.
for the norwegian traitor , see vidkun quisling	for the norwegian politician , see vidkun quisling
after an immensely damaging release by the auditor general regarding the government's dreadful lack of oversight of the sponsorship program of the 1990s and what some observers considered voter anger in ontario against liberal premier dalton mcguinty for breaking a promise not to raise taxes, polls showed the conservatives in a dead heat with the liberals.	after an immensely damaging release by the auditor general regarding the government's lack of oversight of the sponsorship program of the 1990s and what some observers considered voter anger in ontario against liberal premier dalton mcguinty for breaking a promise not to raise taxes, polls showed the conservatives in a dead heat with the liberals.
to ulla skaerved (a former exchange student from denmark whom he famously re-encountered at a high school reunion), from 1985 to 1990. keillor is mildly notorious for having dumped his long-time lover and phc producer margaret moos to marry skaerved.	to ulla skaerved (a former exchange student from denmark whom he famously re-encountered at a high school reunion), from 1985 to 1990. keillor is mildly notorious for having left his long-time lover and phc producer margaret moos to marry skaerved.
all are currencies that have different designs and serve different purposes than our conventional money.	all are currencies that have different designs and serve different purposes than conventional money.
she first achieved notoriety for her underage appearances in pornographic videos and penthouse magazine (she was 16 years old in her first movie), later becoming a successful television and b-movie actress.	she first achieved notoriety for her appearances in pornographic videos and penthouse magazine (she was 16 years old in her first movie), later becoming a successful television and b-movie actress.
he was highly critical of the economic policy of the franjo tuman regime (as he was before of the communist).	he was highly critical of the economic policy of the franjo tuman government (as he was before of the communist).
1978 the church of scientology purchases land in the northern part of hemet on which to build their gold base, the international headquarters of the cult .	1978 the church of scientology purchases land in the northern part of hemet on which to build their gold base, the international headquarters of the organization .
goce delev ( , also transliterated gotze delchev and gotse delchev; 1872-1903) was a 19th century bulgarian revolutionary.	goce delev ( , also transliterated gotze delchev and gotse delchev; 1872-1903) was a 19th century revolutionary.
it is a militant communist activist group that organizes demonstrations and litigation to achieve its aims, and it organizes primarily in colleges and k-12 schools.	it is a militant activist group that organizes demonstrations and litigation to achieve its aims, and it organizes primarily in colleges and k-12 schools.
"gray denied that investigation of physical causes stood opposed to the theological view and the study of the harmonies between mind and nature, and thought it ""most presumable that an intellectual conception realized in nature would be realized through natural agencies."""	"gray questioned the idea that investigation of physical causes stood opposed to the theological view and the study of the harmonies between mind and nature, and thought it ""most presumable that an intellectual conception realized in nature would be realized through natural agencies."""
in the early 21st century rehoboth was one of the smaller schools of its type in western australia as it sought to maintain its distinctiveness and the purity of its philosophy.	in the early 21st century rehoboth was one of the smaller schools of its type in western australia as it sought to maintain its distinctiveness and the integrity of its philosophy.
curitiba has a well planned transportation system, which includes lanes on major streets devoted to a bus rapid transit system.	curitiba has a master planned transportation system, which includes lanes on major streets devoted to a bus rapid transit system.
"irreducible complexity is the discredited argument that certain biological systems are too complex to have evolved from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."	"irreducible complexity is the creation science argument that certain biological systems are too complex to have evolved from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."
in 2003, the star-ledger printed an opinion piece by paul mulshine where he quoted paul berman who stated that moore had been fired, following a series of clashes with people on the magazine's staff, which included a dispute over moore's refusal to publish an article by berman that was mildly critical of the sandinistas' human rights record, a piece the magazine, before moore's arrival, had commissioned.	in 2003, the star-ledger printed an opinion piece by paul mulshine where he quoted paul berman who stated that moore had been fired, following a series of clashes with people on the magazine's staff, which included a dispute over moore's refusal to publish an article by berman that was critical of the sandinistas' human rights record, a piece the magazine, before moore's arrival, had commissioned.
the swords of truth is an extremist islamist group based in the gaza strip.	the swords of truth is an palestinian islamist group based in the gaza strip.
in this respect she is somewhat of a contrast to first lady laura bush who has largely distanced herself from overly overt partisanship.	in this respect she is somewhat of a contrast to first lady laura bush who has largely distanced herself from overt partisanship.
this changed with his tragic death in a plane crash in 1986. she divorced her husband of 11 years, george santo pietro, in november 2002, and maintained custody of their two young children, nicholas and giovanna.	this changed with his death in a plane crash in 1986. she divorced her husband of 11 years, george santo pietro, in november 2002, and maintained custody of their two young children, nicholas and giovanna.
in its stead commodore replaced the a3000 with the impoverished a4000.	in its stead commodore replaced the a3000 with the comparatively less advanced a4000.
"nas also refers to attica in his timeless song entitled, ""if i ruled the world"" featuring lauryn hill."	"nas also refers to attica in his song entitled, ""if i ruled the world"" featuring lauryn hill."
inc's president, sonia gandhi, serves as the chairwoman of the upa.	inc's president, sonia gandhi, serves as the chairperson of the upa.
in may 2013, researchers at the university of massachusetts amherst revealed that as of 2009, ovec was the worst water polluter in the united states.	in may 2013, researchers at the university of massachusetts amherst reported that as of 2009, ovec was the worst water polluter in the united states.
"robert edward ""ted"" turner iii (born november 19, 1938 ) is an american media mogul and philanthropist."	"robert edward ""ted"" turner iii (born november 19, 1938 ) is an american media proprietor and philanthropist."
john paul jones arena (construction webcam) will open in the fall of 2006, and its home sport of basketball is immensely popular at the university.	john paul jones arena (construction webcam) will open in the fall of 2006, and its home sport of basketball is popular at the university.
though he claims not to be a jazz musician, kenny g has been criticized by some jazz players for his pedestrian, soulless playing.	though he claims not to be a jazz musician, kenny g has been criticized by some jazz players for what they regard as pedestrian, soulless playing.
the battle of four lakes was a punitive expedition against a confederation of indian tribes in washington and idaho, and is also known as the battle of spokane plains.	the battle of four lakes was a battle during a us army expedition against a confederation of indian tribes in washington and idaho, and is also known as the battle of spokane plains.
"it is best heard in the intro of their recording of ""wade in the water""."	"it is heard in the intro of their recording of ""wade in the water""."
"the bible however , does not completely prohibit the belief in ""new"" prophets; rather, it allows for the belief in contemporary prophets as long as their credentials as such can be verified by simple tests found in ."	"the bible , adventists argue , does not completely prohibit the belief in ""new"" prophets; rather, it allows for the belief in contemporary prophets as long as their credentials as such can be verified by simple tests found in ."
endicott is a regional rail station americanism on the mbta commuter rail franklin line, located off grant avenue near east street in dedham, massachusetts.	endicott is a regional rail station on the mbta commuter rail franklin line, located off grant avenue near east street in dedham, massachusetts.
the flnc has continued its attacks against the properties of french immigrants .	the flnc has continued its attacks against the properties of french mainlanders living on corsica .
"in 1997 bainbridge wrote that although the mantras selected by the tm instructor are supposed be chosen to ""match the nervous system"" of their students they are actually taken from a list of 16 sanskrit words select by the instructor based on the age of the student at the time they are given"	"in 1997 bainbridge wrote that the mantras selected by the tm instructor are supposed be chosen to ""match the nervous system"" of their students they are actually taken from a list of 16 sanskrit words select by the instructor based on the age of the student at the time they are given"
margaret bluebell kelly leibovici (born 24th june 1910, dublin, died 11th september 2004, paris) is the founder of the legendary bluebell girls.	margaret bluebell kelly leibovici (born 24th june 1910, dublin, died 11th september 2004, paris) is the founder of the bluebell girls.
unfortunately such contests can be prosecuted as animal cruelty, though only the dogs' owners are punished, often with a fine or short sentence.	such contests can be prosecuted as animal cruelty, though only the dogs' owners are punished, often with a fine or short sentence.
unlike most other industrialized nations, the united states does not offer its non-impoverished citizens (under the age of 65) subsidized health care.	unlike most other industrialized nations, the united states does not offer its middle class and more affluent citizens (under the age of 65) subsidized health care.
sangonera la verde is a nice village located in the garden of murcia (spain).	sangonera la verde is a village located in the garden of murcia (spain).
"patrick (""pat"") finucane (born 1949) was a belfast solicitor murdered by loyalist paramilitaries on february 12 1989."	"patrick (""pat"") finucane (born 1949) was a belfast solicitor killed by loyalist paramilitaries on february 12 1989."
leon harrison gross, more known by the alias of lee falk, (april 28, 1911 - march 13, 1999) was an american writer, best known as the creator of the popular comic strip superheroes the phantom and mandrake the magician, who at the height of their popularity secured him over a hundred million readers every single day.	leon harrison gross, more known by the alias of lee falk, (april 28, 1911 - march 13, 1999) was an american writer, best known as the creator of the popular comic strip superheroes the phantom and mandrake the magician, who at the height of their popularity secured him over a hundred million readers every day.
romanus would be executed on november 17, 303. the arrogance of this christian displeased diocletian, and he left the city and made for nicomedia to spend the winter, accompanied by galerius.	romanus would be executed on november 17, 303. the boldness of this christian displeased diocletian, and he left the city and made for nicomedia to spend the winter, accompanied by galerius.
"the highlight of this plan is the esplanade - ""theatres on the bay"", a centre for performing arts, opened in 2003. the esplanade is also fondly known as ""the durian"", due to its resemblance in appearance to the favorite local fruit, durian."	"the highlight of this plan is the esplanade - ""theatres on the bay"", a centre for performing arts, opened in 2003. the esplanade is also known as ""the durian"", due to its resemblance in appearance to the favorite local fruit, durian."
his latest collection, the jupiter collisions, is threaded together by two accomplished sequence poems and provides retrospective contemplation of the author's childhood and adolescence both in personal details and in terms of their time-frame: the 'sixties (music, space travel, minimalist art).	his latest collection, the jupiter collisions, is threaded together by two sequence poems and provides retrospective contemplation of the author's childhood and adolescence both in personal details and in terms of their time-frame: the 'sixties (music, space travel, minimalist art).
in 2012 chairman priebus made several appearances on the sunday political talk shows, including meet the press, face the nation, fox news sunday, and cnn's state of the union with candy crowley.	in 2012 priebus made several appearances on the sunday political talk shows, including meet the press, face the nation, fox news sunday, and cnn's state of the union with candy crowley.
it made it to #1 on the modern rock tracks for 1 week only and has been saliva's most successful hit.	it made it to #1 on the modern rock tracks for 1 week and has been saliva's most successful hit.
shortly afterwards, in 1981, dickinson was hired as iron maiden's new vocalist, debuting for that band with the 1982 masterpiece the number of the beast.	shortly afterwards, in 1981, dickinson was hired as iron maiden's new vocalist, debuting for that band with the 1982 album the number of the beast.
however, it is done as a moral obligation to the oppressed people that suffer under the communist regime their parents, grandparents, or they themselves had to flee from.	however, it is done as a moral obligation to the oppressed people that suffer under the communist state their parents, grandparents, or they themselves had to flee from.
on july 29 2005 he was one of only two republican senators to vote against the protection of lawful commerce in arms act, which banned frivolous lawsuits against gun manufacturers, distributors, and dealers for criminal misuse of their products.	on july 29 2005 he was one of only two republican senators to vote against the protection of lawful commerce in arms act, which banned lawsuits against gun manufacturers, distributors, and dealers for criminal misuse of their products.
he was son of michele veranzio, a discrete latin poet, and nephew of the illustrious antonio, archbishop of esztergom (15041573), diplomat and civil servant, who was in touch with erasmus (14651536); philipp melanchthon (14971560); and nikola zrinski (15081566); and who took fausto with him during some of his travels trough hungary and the republic of venice.	he was son of michele veranzio, a latin poet, and nephew of the illustrious antonio, archbishop of esztergom (15041573), diplomat and civil servant, who was in touch with erasmus (14651536); philipp melanchthon (14971560); and nikola zrinski (15081566); and who took fausto with him during some of his travels trough hungary and the republic of venice.
patricia jude francis kensit (born 4 march 1968) is an english actress , singer, model and former child star.	patricia jude francis kensit (born 4 march 1968) is an english actor , singer, model and former child star.
although the majority of the cabinet (including former prime minister giovanni giolitti) was firmly against intervention, numerous intellectuals, including socialists such as ivanoe bonomi, leonida bissolati, and, since 18 october 1914, benito mussolini, declared in favour of intervention, which was then mostly supported by the nationalist and the liberal parties.	although the majority of the cabinet (including former prime minister giovanni giolitti) was firmly against intervention, numerous intellectuals, including socialists such as ivanoe bonomi, leonida bissolati, and, after 18 october 1914, benito mussolini, declared in favour of intervention, which was then mostly supported by the nationalist and the liberal parties.
chinese reunification is often stereotyped as being the ideology of the mainlander community on taiwan, although there are some non-mainlanders who support unification and some mainlanders who oppose it.	chinese reunification is often stereotyped as being the ideology of the mainlander community on taiwan, although there are many non-mainlanders who support unification and some mainlanders who oppose it.
"in the face of increasing criticism, however, the most influential critic being democratic chicago mayor richard daley, he went before the senate, on june 21, 2005, to cynically apologize for his statement , saying, ""more than most people, a senator lives by his words ... occasionally words fail us, occasionally we will fail words."""	"in the face of increasing criticism, however, the most influential critic being democratic chicago mayor richard daley, he went before the senate, on june 21, 2005, to tearfully apologize for his statement , saying, ""more than most people, a senator lives by his words ... occasionally words fail us, occasionally we will fail words."""
although only slightly more than fifty years old the college has already gathered an impressive list of successful alumni including:	although only slightly more than fifty years old the college has already gathered an expansive list of successful alumni including:
jeff gerstmann (born august 1 1975) is the former editorial director of the popular gaming website gamespot.	jeff gerstmann (born august 1 1975) is the former editorial director of the gaming website gamespot.
duncan is also a massive fan of arsenal f.c.	duncan is also a fan of arsenal f.c.
notably mplayer will attach to dlls from the infamous sorenson codec which enables playback of most quicktime movie trailers and the like under linux.	notably mplayer will attach to dlls from the contriversial sorenson codec which enables playback of most quicktime movie trailers and the like under linux.
children's day is celebrated on april 4 each year (the same day as the taiwan province since roc established the children's day on april 4 in 1931.)	children's day is celebrated on april 4 each year (the same day as the taiwan since roc established the children's day on april 4 in 1931.)
however, because the unique album art concept was seen as a gimmick to bolster retail sales, the information was deemed ineligible to enter the uk albums chart.	however, because the album art concept was seen as a gimmick to bolster retail sales, the information was deemed ineligible to enter the uk albums chart.
rebel forces secure the town, gaddafi forces withdraw to positions outside the city and indiscriminately shell it from around six miles away	rebel forces secure the town, gaddafi forces withdraw to positions outside the city and shell it from around six miles away
while running their successful real estate company, the twins also launched scott brothers entertainment (with their older brother, jd), a tv, film and digital production company with offices in the us and canada.	while running their real estate company, the twins also launched scott brothers entertainment (with their older brother, jd), a tv, film and digital production company with offices in the us and canada.
late adolescence and early adulthood are peak years for the onset of the illness .	late adolescence and early adulthood are peak years for the onset of the disorder .
astronauts train in the neutral buoyancy lab with a mockup of the hst	astronauts train in the neutral buoyancy simulator with a mockup of the hst
under the older cronquist system, most of the above families were placed in the rosales.	under the cronquist system, most of the above families were placed in the rosales.
"bizarrely , the jeer has recently experienced increased usage unrelated to its initial intent, as some fans will now chant ""yankees suck"" against a team other than the yankees and during other sporting events besides baseball, a notable example being a ""yankees suck"" chant during the 2002 new england patriots' super bowl victory parade (which was started by linebacker larry izzo), and even to non-sporting events such as weddings and bar mitzvahs."	"however , the jeer has recently experienced increased usage unrelated to its initial intent, as some fans will now chant ""yankees suck"" against a team other than the yankees and during other sporting events besides baseball, a notable example being a ""yankees suck"" chant during the 2002 new england patriots' super bowl victory parade (which was started by linebacker larry izzo), and even to non-sporting events such as weddings and bar mitzvahs."
"colspan=""2"" style=""background:; color:"" | notable isotopes"	"colspan=""2"" style=""background:; color:"" | selected isotopes"
"in the us, ""let's spend the night together"" and ""ruby tuesday"" were naturally slotted onto the album, with ""back street girl"" (one of the album's major highlights) and ""please go home"" getting the boot."	"in the us, ""let's spend the night together"" and ""ruby tuesday"" were slotted onto the album, with ""back street girl"" (one of the album's major highlights) and ""please go home"" getting the boot."
pac-man (also known as pac-man: the animated series) is an animated television series produced by hanna-barbera based upon the popular arcade game, pac-man by bandai namco games, which aired on abc from 1982 to 1984.	pac-man (also known as pac-man: the animated series) is an animated television series produced by hanna-barbera based upon the arcade game, pac-man by bandai namco games, which aired on abc from 1982 to 1984.
no other non-disney musical animated film has enjoyed such a remarkable comeback in popularity, prompting a direct-to-video sequel, charlotte's web 2: wilbur's great adventure, which paramount released in the us on march 18, 2003 (universal released the film internationally), followed by a live-action film version of the original story, which was released on december 15, 2006.	no other non-disney musical animated film has enjoyed such a comeback in popularity, prompting a direct-to-video sequel, charlotte's web 2: wilbur's great adventure, which paramount released in the us on march 18, 2003 (universal released the film internationally), followed by a live-action film version of the original story, which was released on december 15, 2006.
"aside from winning in venice, her universally acclaimed performance in stephen frears' ""the queen"" has won her the 2006 best actress awards from the new york critics, la critics, national board of film review, satellite awards, southeastern film critics, women film critics, afro american film critics, and other best actress awards bestowed by critics' groups from chicago, san francisco, boston, toronto, dallas fort worth, las vegas, washington dc, san diego, phoenix, kansas city, utah, oklahoma and florida."	"aside from winning in venice, her acclaimed performance in stephen frears' ""the queen"" has won her the 2006 best actress awards from the new york critics, la critics, national board of film review, satellite awards, southeastern film critics, women film critics, afro american film critics, and other best actress awards bestowed by critics' groups from chicago, san francisco, boston, toronto, dallas fort worth, las vegas, washington dc, san diego, phoenix, kansas city, utah, oklahoma and florida."
uri geller (, born gellr gyrgy december 20, 1946 in tel aviv, israel) is an israeli-british performer and celebrity notorious for claiming to have psychic powers.	uri geller (, born gellr gyrgy december 20, 1946 in tel aviv, israel) is an israeli-british performer and celebrity famous for claiming to have psychic powers.
"{ lat = 36.416, long = 38.065, mark = m. is , marksize = 5, label = ""jubb al-ashara"", link = ""jubb al-ashara"", label_size = 0 },"	"{ lat = 36.416, long = 38.065, mark = m. sdf , marksize = 5, label = ""jubb al-ashara"", link = ""jubb al-ashara"", label_size = 0 },"
granville station is located in the heart of the granville entertainment district which is known for urban shopping, trendy culture and exciting nightlife.	granville station is located in the heart of the granville entertainment district which is known for urban shopping, trendy culture and nightlife.
daniel patrick kelly is a sportscaster and is the son of legendary st. louis blues broadcaster dan kelly, the nephew of hockey and baseball broadcaster hal kelly and the younger brother of current st. louis blues tv broadcaster john kelly.	daniel patrick kelly is a sportscaster and is the son of st. louis blues broadcaster dan kelly, the nephew of hockey and baseball broadcaster hal kelly and the younger brother of current st. louis blues tv broadcaster john kelly.
an ibo receives a percentage of the profits generated by the network of all ibo's introduced to the system by him or her, and also of the profits generated by the people hired by those ibo's, and so on.	an ibo receives a percentage of the profits generated by the network of all ibo's introduced to the system by him or her, and also of the profits generated by the people introduced by those ibo's, and so on.
uma karuna thurman (born april 29 1970) is an oscar-nominated american film actress.	uma karuna thurman (born april 29 1970) is an american film actress.
curiously , the beatles were never mentioned by name and there were very few references to current events during the show's five-year run.	however , the beatles were never mentioned by name and there were very few references to current events during the show's five-year run.
session-based testing is a software test method that combines accountability and exploratory testing to provide rapid defect discovery, creative on-the-fly test design, management control and metrics reporting.	session-based testing is a software test method that aims to combine accountability and exploratory testing to provide rapid defect discovery, creative on-the-fly test design, management control and metrics reporting.
"while reuters reported that soros had ""indirect financial links"" with adbusters, a canadian, anti- capitalist group whose marketing campaign is said to be the catalyst for the protests against wall street, an article in new york magazine criticized the reuters report as crafting insinuations about a sum so small ($26,000 from 2007 to 2009) as to almost amount to a rounding error."	"while reuters reported that soros had ""indirect financial links"" with adbusters, a canadian, anti- consumerist group whose marketing campaign is said to be the catalyst for the protests against wall street, an article in new york magazine criticized the reuters report as crafting insinuations about a sum so small ($26,000 from 2007 to 2009) as to almost amount to a rounding error."
apple stores are succesful computer-related retail stores owned and operated by apple inc.. as of 10 february 2007, apple has 171 stores open, including 153 in the united states, 9 in the united kingdom, 7 in japan, and 4 in canada.	apple stores are computer-related retail stores owned and operated by apple inc.. as of 10 february 2007, apple has 171 stores open, including 153 in the united states, 9 in the united kingdom, 7 in japan, and 4 in canada.
he was cremated and mtv reported that famed musicians, including mike patton, dimebag darrell, glen benton, king diamond, ville valo, trey azagthoth and max cavalera, along with all of the former and active members of death, attended his memorial service.	he was cremated and mtv reported that musicians, including mike patton, dimebag darrell, glen benton, king diamond, ville valo, trey azagthoth and max cavalera, along with all of the former and active members of death, attended his memorial service.
"when wfan first started they had first done these updates every 15 minutes but it was decided that 4 updates an hour was too much and wisely cut it down to 3. additionally, in a nod to the former wnbc, update anchors often end their top-of-the-hour updates with the catchphrase ""and that's what's happening..."", which is how wnbc on-air news readers had ended their updates."	"when wfan first started they had first done these updates every 15 minutes but it was decided that 4 updates an hour was too much and cut it down to 3. additionally, in a nod to the former wnbc, update anchors often end their top-of-the-hour updates with the catchphrase ""and that's what's happening..."", which is how wnbc on-air news readers had ended their updates."
"the best of these records is probably the first posthumous single, the 1959 coupling of ""peggy sue got married"" and ""crying, waiting, hoping,"" produced by jack hansen, with added backing vocals by the ray charles singers in simulation of an authentic crickets record."	"the best of these records is often considered to be the first posthumous single, the 1959 coupling of ""peggy sue got married"" and ""crying, waiting, hoping,"" produced by jack hansen, with added backing vocals by the ray charles singers in simulation of an authentic crickets record."
the term five techniques refers to certain torture practices adopted by the northern ireland and british governments during operation demetrius in the early 1970s.	the term five techniques refers to certain interrogation practices adopted by the northern ireland and british governments during operation demetrius in the early 1970s.
scientific investigation suggests some child victims were drugged with alcohol and coca leaves during the time before their deaths.	scientific investigation suggests some child victims were drugged with ethanol and coca leaves during the time before their deaths.
unfortunately he appears to weigh substantally more than atreyu in either the book or film versions of the neverending story which causes falkor to crash into the ground.	he appears to weigh substantally more than atreyu in either the book or film versions of the neverending story which causes falkor to crash into the ground.
zainab masood is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by comedienne nina wadia.	zainab masood is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by comedienne nina wadia.
"in january 2012 she triumphed at vienna's volksoper, starring in bernstein's ""candide""."	"in january 2012 she performed at vienna's volksoper, starring in bernstein's ""candide""."
(ret 24) she then spent the next three years investigating the law of god revealed in the bible, especially in the words and works of christ jesus.	(ret 24) she then spent the next three years investigating the law of god revealed in the bible, especially in the words and works of jesus.
the majority of miandoab's inhabitants are ethnic azeri turks , with a sizable kurdish minority.	the majority of miandoab's inhabitants are ethnic azeri, with a sizable kurdish minority.
while still in argentina he was taken to a psychiatric hospital, but was forced to return to spain due to financial problems; he committed suicide by throwing himself under a train on 4 november 2006, at only 39.	while still in argentina he was taken to a psychiatric hospital, but was forced to return to spain due to financial problems; he committed suicide by throwing himself under a train on 4 november 2006, at 39.
there was controversy in poland over how the kaczynski brothers tried to use this film during their nationalistic election campaign.	there was controversy in poland over how the kaczynski brothers tried to use this film during their election campaign.
kaumaram is a sect of hinduism whose primordial deity is lord kartikeya.	kaumaram is a sect of hinduism whose primordial deity is kartikeya.
numerous dubious tales have been transmitted about the subject matter of these verses, yet all center around the same basic story.	numerous legendary tales have been transmitted about the subject matter of these verses, yet all center around the same basic story.
squad automatic weapons are light enough to be operated by one man , as opposed to heavy machine guns such as the m2 browning, which fire more powerful cartridges but require a crew to operate at full effectiveness.	squad automatic weapons are light enough to be operated by one person , as opposed to heavy machine guns such as the m2 browning, which fire more powerful cartridges but require a crew to operate at full effectiveness.
northgate high school (nhs) is a public high school located in the affluent suburban northgate neighborhood of walnut creek, california.	northgate high school (nhs) is a public high school located in the suburban northgate neighborhood of walnut creek, california.
it then went on to host the 2013 senior pga championship, won by longshot japanese pro kohki idoki, and will again be the site for a major when the 2018 pga championship is held at bellerive.	it then went on to host the 2013 senior pga championship, won by japanese pro kohki idoki, and will again be the site for a major when the 2018 pga championship is held at bellerive.
in 1984, hoglan began his music career as a roadie (lights engineer) for the legendary thrash metal band slayer, where he also played the drums during concert soundchecks .	in 1984, hoglan began his music career as a roadie (lights engineer) for the thrash metal band slayer, where he also played the drums during concert soundchecks .
suppression of bahraini protests, and biased reporting of iran and syria	suppression of bahraini protests, and reporting of iran and syria
linda smith, stand-up comic and radio 4 and bbc2 comedienne	linda smith, stand-up comic and radio 4 and bbc2 comedian
"in a 2013 interview williams also inaccurately recounted the incident, stating that his helicopter was ""hit and crippled by enemy fire."""	"in a 2013 interview williams also recounted the incident, stating that his helicopter was ""hit and crippled by enemy fire."""
on the successful conclusion of his governorship of kashmir, he departed from the valley and crossed the river kishenganga at muzaffarabad (headquarter of pakistan occupied kashmir) with 7,000 foot soldiers.	on the successful conclusion of his governorship of kashmir, he departed from the valley and crossed the river kishenganga at muzaffarabad (headquarter of pakistan administered kashmir) with 7,000 foot soldiers.
rachael saves deckard by killing leon, and the two return to deckard's apartment, where he roughly initiates sex .	rachael saves deckard by killing leon, and the two return to deckard's apartment, where he roughly initiates intercourse .
the number of singers, sons of asaph, at the census of men of israel upon return from exile ( holy bible, book of nehemiah 7:44).	the number of singers, sons of asaph, at the census of men of israel upon return from exile ( bible , book of nehemiah 7:44).
while fatah renounced armed resistance against israel pursuant to the oslo accords, hamas initiated a long campaign of suicide bombings and other attacks on israelis.	while fatah renounced armed struggle against israel pursuant to the oslo accords, hamas initiated a long campaign of suicide bombings and other attacks on israelis.
president sam nujoma of namibia retires after 15 years in power , and is succeeded by hifikepunye pohamba.	president sam nujoma of namibia retires after 15 years in office , and is succeeded by hifikepunye pohamba.
she laudably assists the community of pittsburgh, where the heinz family has had so many financial and family connections.	she assists the community of pittsburgh, where the heinz family has had so many financial and family connections.
three people were killed and over 60 wounded, one of the dead being an ira volunteer , kevin brady.	three people were killed and over 60 wounded, one of the dead being an ira member , kevin brady.
cannon school is conveniently located in concord on a campus on poplar tent road near the cabarrus/mecklenburg county line.	cannon school is located in concord on a campus on poplar tent road near the cabarrus/mecklenburg county line.
a color scheme that includes only colors not found on the color wheel, called neutrals, such as beige, brown, white, black, and gray .	a color scheme that includes only colors not found on the color wheel, called neutrals, such as beige, brown, white, black, and gay people .
the main opposition to the merger is the national association of broadcasters (nab) and the consumer coalition for competition in satellite radio (a shill group run by the nab).	the main opposition to the merger is the national association of broadcasters (nab) and the consumer coalition for competition in satellite radio (a group run by the nab).
this period saw the support of the macedonian nation, by the league of communists of yugoslavia on the third congress in vienna in 1926 and in 1936 josip broz tito took over the leadership of the league of communists of yugoslavia.	this period saw the invention of the macedonian nation, by the league of communists of yugoslavia on the third congress in vienna in 1926 and in 1936 josip broz tito took over the leadership of the league of communists of yugoslavia.
the incident occurred when an oil spill from an overturned truck burst into flames as curious onlookers attempted to obtain remnants of the spilled fuel for personal use.	the incident occurred when an oil spill from an overturned truck burst into flames as onlookers attempted to obtain remnants of the spilled fuel for personal use.
many previous reviews had criticized the quality of writing in blood canticle as lazy or shoddy; so when rice replied by posting a 1,200-word rambling paragraph wherein she proudly dismisses the utility of editors, the incident became fodder for weblogs and internet sites.	many previous reviews had criticized the quality of writing in blood canticle as lazy or shoddy; so when rice replied by posting a 1,200-word paragraph wherein she proudly dismisses the utility of editors, the incident became fodder for weblogs and internet sites.
"craig's written work in the blackwell companion to natural theology discusses abstract objects as necessary ""nbe"" alternatives to a personal being when identifying the cause for the universe, and explains that it is ontologically incoherent for a naturalistic cause to be posited for the existence of the natural world."	"craig's written work in the blackwell companion to natural theology discusses abstract objects as necessary ""nbe"" alternatives to a personal being when identifying the cause for the universe, and states that it is ontologically incoherent for a naturalistic cause to be posited for the existence of the natural world."
, the lawsuit is being heard in the washington supreme court and could set a precedent against city protection of university-owned properties.	, the lawsuit is being heard in the washington supreme court and could set a precedent concerning city protection of university-owned properties.
1803, murdered november 27, 1868) was a cheyenne leader who unsuccessfully attempted to resist white settlement from kansas and colorado territories.	1803, killed november 27, 1868) was a cheyenne leader who unsuccessfully attempted to resist white settlement from kansas and colorado territories.
spokane hosted the 2007 u.s. figure skating championships and set a record for attendance, selling nearly 155,000 tickets and shattering the previous mark of 125,000 set by los angeles.	spokane hosted the 2007 u.s. figure skating championships and set a record for attendance, selling nearly 155,000 tickets and passing the previous mark of 125,000 set by los angeles.
apart from writing articles for the magazine, vinogradov also wrote short stories which remained unpublished, however (partially due to their critical tone towards the soviet regime ).	apart from writing articles for the magazine, vinogradov also wrote short stories which remained unpublished, however (partially due to their critical tone towards the soviet authorities ).
in march 2008, the united states department of state published a report to congress, 'contemporary global anti-semitism', that incorrectly described return to castle wolfenstein as an 'anti-semitic video game'.	in march 2008, the united states department of state published a report to congress, 'contemporary global anti-semitism', that described return to castle wolfenstein as an 'anti-semitic video game'.
carlos joaqun ruiz (born january 22, 1979), nicknamed chooch, is the greatest starting catcher for the philadelphia phillies.	carlos joaqun ruiz (born january 22, 1979), nicknamed chooch, is the starting catcher for the philadelphia phillies.
that passage, isaiah 14:12 (see below) referred to one of the popular honorific titles of a babylonian king; however, later interpretations of the text, and the influence of embellishments in works such as dante's inferno and milton's paradise lost, led to the common misconception in christian belief that lucifer was a poetic appellation of satan.	that passage, isaiah 14:12 (see below) referred to one of the popular honorific titles of a babylonian king; however, later interpretations of the text, and the influence of embellishments in works such as dante's inferno and milton's paradise lost, led to the common interpretation in christian belief that lucifer was a poetic appellation of satan.
despite the esoteric subject of the lyrics, the song was well-received by mainstream media, albeit the word bot was frequently mistaken for boat (bot is commonly mispronounced as boat in the dialect spoken by altberg), and the double meaning of the word channel the irc channel mistaken for the body of water.	despite the esoteric subject of the lyrics, the song was well-received by mainstream media, albeit the word bot was frequently mistaken for boat (bot is commonly as boat in the dialect spoken by altberg), and the double meaning of the word channel the irc channel mistaken for the body of water.
in addition to u.s. equities, we are growing volumes in fixed income, foreign exchange, futures, options and derivatives.	in addition to u.s. equities, knight are growing volumes in fixed income, foreign exchange, futures, options and derivatives .
ward leroy churchill (born october 2, 1947) is an american academic and activist who controversially claims to be of native american descent.	ward leroy churchill (born october 2, 1947) is an american academic and activist who claims to be of native american descent.
(a searing critique of w. von leyden's edition of locke's unpublished writings on natural law.)	(a critique of w. von leyden's edition of locke's unpublished writings on natural law.)
"cornuke's explorations have included searching for ""the real mount sinai"" in egypt and saudi arabia; exploring in turkey with the late jim irwin for the remains of noahs ark; tracing ancient assyrian and babylonian flood accounts in the zagros mountains of iran; following the presumed trail of the ark of the covenant through israel, egypt, and the ethiopian highlands; and searching the seafloor off the coast of malta for the anchors from the apostle pauls ship wreck (as related in the biblical book of acts, chapter 27), which he has found."	"cornuke's explorations have included searching for ""the real mount sinai"" in egypt and saudi arabia; exploring in turkey with the late jim irwin for the remains of noahs ark; tracing ancient assyrian and babylonian flood accounts in the zagros mountains of iran; following the presumed trail of the ark of the covenant through israel, egypt, and the ethiopian highlands; and searching the seafloor off the coast of malta for the anchors from the apostle pauls ship wreck (as related in the biblical book of acts, chapter 27), which he claims to have found."
in particular, sanghi's novel spoke of an attack by the lashkar-e-taiba, an islamist terror group based in pakistan occupied kashmir.	in particular, sanghi's novel spoke of an attack by the lashkar-e-taiba, an islamist terror group based in pakistan controlled kashmir.
chang's book won plaudits from nobel prize winning economist joseph stiglitz but was criticised by neoliberal economist william easterly.	chang's book won plaudits from nobel prize winning economist joseph stiglitz but was criticised by economist william easterly.
nightwish's first release, angels fall first, came in 1997, but it was in 1998, after the release of oceanborn, that holopainen's incredible compositional skills reached full acclaim worldwide.	nightwish's first release, angels fall first, came in 1997, but it was in 1998, after the release of oceanborn, that holopainen's compositional skills reached full acclaim worldwide.
robert de niro in raging bull wearing a sexy wifebeater	robert de niro in raging bull wearing a wifebeater
the best examples of restored spanish windmills may be found in consuegra where several mills spike the hill just outside town, giving a spectacular view of the 12th-century castle and of the town.	the best examples of restored spanish windmills may be found in consuegra where several mills spike the hill just outside town, giving a view of the 12th-century castle and of the town.
however, the pq continued its threat of quebec separation, and acadians re-evaluated their possible role in confederation in that case.	however, the pq continued its advocacy of quebec separation, and acadians re-evaluated their possible role in confederation in that case.
unfortunately , the momentum was lost the following season and the league collapsed.	however , the momentum was lost the following season and the league collapsed.
sangoli rayanna was a great freedom fighter from karnataka, india.	sangoli rayanna was a prominent freedom fighter from karnataka, india.
he distinguished himself during the brutal french invasion of algeria and, in 1847, he became lieutenant-general and was appointed governor-general of algeria, a position he held from september 27, 1847 to february 24, 1848.	he distinguished himself during the french invasion of algeria and, in 1847, he became lieutenant-general and was appointed governor-general of algeria, a position he held from september 27, 1847 to february 24, 1848.
the aclu filed suit to challenge the arkansas 1981 creationism statute, which required the teaching in public schools of the biblical story of creation as a scientific alternative to evolution.	the aclu filed suit to challenge the arkansas 1981 creationism statute, which required the teaching in public schools of the biblical account of creation as a scientific alternative to evolution.
later, with ansi c, it obtained constant and type definitions features and the preprocessor also became part of the language itself, leading to the incoherent syntax we see today.	later, with ansi c, it obtained constant and type definitions features and the preprocessor also became part of the language itself, leading to the syntax we see today.
boscastle is a charming small town on the north coast of cornwall, in the extreme southwest of england.	boscastle is a small town on the north coast of cornwall, in the extreme southwest of england.
they gained from britain the english language, an administrative and legal framework on the british model, as well as technological and economic development.	they received from britain the english language, an administrative and legal framework on the british model, as well as technological and economic development.
in dogma, however, rufus reveals that jay masturbates more than any other man on the planet (which he nonchalantly acknowledges) and does so while fantasizing about other men.	in dogma, however, rufus claims that jay masturbates more than any other man on the planet (which he nonchalantly acknowledges) and does so while fantasizing about other men.
1968 album by soul goddess , aretha franklin.	1968 album by soul musician , aretha franklin.
he helped plan the liberation of grenada and supported the nicaraguan contras and the salvadoran rebels.	he helped plan the invasion of grenada and supported the nicaraguan contras and the salvadoran rebels.
in its history the now closed school of the america had many accusations made against it accusing them of supporting controversial dictatorial anti-communist regimes and death squads.	in its history the now closed school of the america had many accusations made against it accusing them of supporting controversial dictatorial regimes and death squads.
the d.c. circuit court of appeals unanimously overturned judge jackson's rulings against microsoft on browser tying and attempted monopolization on grounds, that he gave off-the-record, but nevertheless disclosed, interviews to the news media during the case, and that judge jackson having opinions about the defendant was somehow improper.	the d.c. circuit court of appeals unanimously overturned judge jackson's rulings against microsoft on browser tying and attempted monopolization on grounds, that he gave off-the-record, but nevertheless disclosed, interviews to the news media during the case, and that judge jackson having opinions about the defendant was improper.
perjury is considered a very serious crime as it could be used to usurp the authority of the courts, resulting in miscarriages of justice.	perjury is considered a very serious crime as it could be used to usurp the power of the courts, resulting in miscarriages of justice.
followed by troops who came by helicopters and completed the killings .	followed by troops who came by helicopters and completed the attack .
this investigation looked into 175 conspiracy claims that had been created by fayed.	this investigation looked into 175 conspiracy claims that had been made by fayed.
"bob boyle partnered with jack thomas to create a pilot known as ""first place pup"", an animated pilot for a nickelodeon animated series known as grumpy puppy produced in 2007, but was unfortunately rejected."	"bob boyle partnered with jack thomas to create a pilot known as ""first place pup"", an animated pilot for a nickelodeon animated series known as grumpy puppy produced in 2007, but was rejected."
it is cultivated as an attractive ornamental plant in many places, and the descendants of garden escapees now grow wild.	it is cultivated as an ornamental plant in many places, and the descendants of garden escapees now grow wild.
dutch marines vainly searching for holloway near the california lighthouse	dutch marines searching for holloway near the california lighthouse
with that mystery surrounding her passing , johnny also believes that he can put together the pieces of her puzzle and find out the truth about his spirited partner so her soul can finally rest in peace, even though maggi is hoping for a chance at being reincarnated.	with that mystery surrounding her death , johnny also believes that he can put together the pieces of her puzzle and find out the truth about his spirited partner so her soul can finally rest in peace, even though maggi is hoping for a chance at being reincarnated.
he is also well-known among star trek fans for his guest roles on the next generation and deep space nine, along with many other tv shows and a number of films.	he is also noted among star trek fans for his guest roles on the next generation and deep space nine, along with many other tv shows and a number of films.
despite warren's progressive image and focus on social issues, he is closely aligned with reactionary conservative evangelical viewpoints.	despite warren's progressive image and focus on social issues, he is closely aligned with conservative evangelical viewpoints.
this family is now placed in the order malpighiales, though under the older cronquist system they formed an order in themselves (rhizophorales).	this family is now placed in the order malpighiales, though under the cronquist system they formed an order in themselves (rhizophorales).
u.s. president george w. bush repeatedly claimed that these weapons posed a grave and imminent threat to the united states and its allies.	u.s. president george w. bush repeatedly asserted that these weapons posed a grave and imminent threat to the united states and its allies.
"the ""answer"", and the unforgettable 2000-01 season."	"the ""answer"", and the 2000-01 season."
the group's name is derived from the debunked claim that only three percent of the population of the thirteen british colonies of north america fought the british in the american revolution.	the group's name is derived from the claim that only three percent of the population of the thirteen british colonies of north america fought the british in the american revolution.
its faculty include many distinguished figures in international affairs, such as former u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright, former u.s. director of central intelligence george tenet, former president of poland aleksander kwasniewski, and former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar.	its faculty include many well-known figures in international affairs, such as former u.s. secretary of state madeleine albright, former u.s. director of central intelligence george tenet, former president of poland aleksander kwasniewski, and former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar.
it was aired in romania on tvr2 (2003/2004); in fyr macedonia on a1 television (2003/04) ;in bosnia and herzegovina on obn (2006/07); in greece on et1 (2006/07); in cyprus on ant (2006/07); in serbia on b92 (2007), and in the croatia on extra tv (2008).	it was aired in romania on tvr2 (2003/2004); in the republic of macedonia on a1 television (2003/04) ;in bosnia and herzegovina on obn (2006/07); in greece on et1 (2006/07); in cyprus on ant (2006/07); in serbia on b92 (2007), and in the croatia on extra tv (2008).
many catholics were enthusiastic supporters of irish independence; after that was achieved in 1921, they generally lost interest in the politics of the old country until political violence erupted in northern ireland in 1969. it is has long been widely recognised that the activities of the provisional ira received significant funding from irish american catholics (see noraid).	many catholics were enthusiastic supporters of irish independence; after that was achieved in 1921, they generally lost interest in the politics of the old country until political violence erupted in northern ireland in 1969. it is has long been widely recognised that the activities of the provisional ira received significant funding from irish american (see noraid).
to reduce pollution and reliance on fossil fuels, sustainable methods of hydrogen production must be invested in.	to reduce pollution and reliance on fossil fuels, sustainable methods of hydrogen production would have to be invested in.
a real-world analogy would be voters of one party crossing over to vote in the other party's primary against the candidate they think might beat the candidate of their party.	a united states analogy would be voters of one party crossing over to vote in the other party's primary against the candidate they think might beat the candidate of their party.
the saiga-12 incorporates several interesting features absent on the ak-47 and similar guns.	the saiga-12 incorporates several features absent on the ak-47 and similar guns.
in paris, louis xvi was generally believed to be in treacherous correspondence with the austrians and prussians already, and the republicans became more vocal in the early summer of 1792. it remained for the duke of brunswick's proclamation to assure the downfall of the monarchy by his proclamation, which was being rapidly distributed in paris by july 28 apparently by the monarchists, who badly misjudged the effect it would have (see text in link).	in paris, louis xvi was generally believed to be in correspondence with the austrians and prussians already, and the republicans became more vocal in the early summer of 1792. it remained for the duke of brunswick's proclamation to assure the downfall of the monarchy by his proclamation, which was being rapidly distributed in paris by july 28 apparently by the monarchists, who badly misjudged the effect it would have (see text in link).
from around the time of the first world war to the present, the second city has generally been considered to be birmingham .	from around the time of the first world war to the present, the second city has mosty but not entirely been considered to be birmingham .
after the wars for national union (balkan wars and world war i) the city became home for thousands of refugees from the occupied bulgarian lands in macedonia, western and eastern thrace.	after the wars for national union (balkan wars and world war i) the city became home for thousands of refugees from the former bulgarian lands in macedonia, western and eastern thrace.
"the beta israel or (""house of israel""), known pejoratively by outsiders as the falasha ('exiles' or 'strangers') are jews of ethiopian origin."	"the beta israel or (""house of israel""), known by outsiders as the falasha ('exiles' or 'strangers') are jews of ethiopian origin."
the brothers had been enormously talented musically from an early age.	the brothers had been talented musically from an early age.
following the israeli military's murder of hezbollah leader abbas al-musawi, his wife, and 3 year old daughter by helicopter fired hellfire missiles in february of 1992, nasrallah was asked to take over hezbollah at the request of iran's ayatollah ali khamenei.	following the israeli military's killing of hezbollah leader abbas al-musawi, his wife, and 3 year old daughter by helicopter fired hellfire missiles in february of 1992, nasrallah was asked to take over hezbollah at the request of iran's ayatollah ali khamenei.
first, if the number of witnesses of the miracle be greater than the number of witnesses of the operation of the law, and secondly, if a witness be 100% reliable (for then no amount of contrary testimony will be enough to outweigh hers ).	first, if the number of witnesses of the miracle be greater than the number of witnesses of the operation of the law, and secondly, if a witness be 100% reliable (for then no amount of contrary testimony will be enough to outweigh that person's account ).
raised in the notorious queensbridge housing projects in new york city, he represents a continuation of a hip-hop tradition in queensbridge that spanned through early hip-hop, including the juice crew, marley marl, and mc shan.	raised in the queensbridge housing projects in new york city, he represents a continuation of a hip-hop tradition in queensbridge that spanned through early hip-hop, including the juice crew, marley marl, and mc shan.
aside from the boston globe, which attracts many readers who prefer a regional view, wakefield readers have a great hometown daily, the wakefield daily item; and the sun of lowell competes in tewksbury.	aside from the boston globe, which attracts many readers who prefer a regional view, wakefield readers have a hometown daily, the wakefield daily item; and the sun of lowell competes in tewksbury.
the allied powers and the league of nations set up two separate states within the territory of the mandate: palestine and transjordan; with the stated objective that they would in the course of time become fully independent.	the allied powers and the league of nations set up two separate administrations within the territory of the mandate: palestine and transjordan; with the stated objective that they would in the course of time become fully independent.
notes: pakistan have a fantastic record at the national stadium, karachi, where they have won 21 of their 39 test matches and lost only 1 test match.	notes: pakistan have a strong record at the national stadium, karachi, where they have won 21 of their 39 test matches and lost only 1 test match.
during the revolutionary war, the thirteen states first formed a very weak central government—with the congress being its only component—under the articles of confederation.	during the revolutionary war, the thirteen states first formed a weak central government—with the congress being its only component—under the articles of confederation.
reigning champions bennettsbridge provided the opposition, however, a narrow 28 to 18 victory gave dunphy a coveted championship medal.	reigning champions bennettsbridge provided the opposition, however, a narrow 28 to 18 victory gave dunphy a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal.
eldrid davis of raceway ministries began pre-race ceremonies with an invocation, the martinsville high school marching band performed the national anthem and subway spokesman jared fogle commanded the drivers to start their engines.	eldrid davis of raceway ministries began pre-race ceremonies with an invocation, the martinsville high school marching band performed the national anthem and subway spokesperson jared fogle commanded the drivers to start their engines.
all of coldplay's albums have enjoyed great commercial success.	all of coldplay's albums have enjoyed commercial success.
at the time of her passing , divya bharti had been the youngest leading lady of indian cinema.	at the time of her death , divya bharti had been the youngest leading lady of indian cinema.
zahid mubarek was a british asian teenager who was brutally murdered by his cellmate on march 21, 2000, at the feltham young offenders' institution in southwest london.	zahid mubarek was a british asian teenager who was murdered by his cellmate on march 21, 2000, at the feltham young offenders' institution in southwest london.
he would frequently draw perfect pictures on his drawing board to either tell a short story or to play a game with one of his visitors.	he would frequently draw pictures on his drawing board to either tell a short story or to play a game with one of his visitors.
timeline of chemistry lists important works, discoveries, ideas, inventions, and experiments that significantly changed mankind 's understanding of the composition of matter and of the interactions thereof, the modern science known as chemistry.	timeline of chemistry lists important works, discoveries, ideas, inventions, and experiments that significantly changed humanity 's understanding of the composition of matter and of the interactions thereof, the modern science known as chemistry.
the nissan gt-r is a high performance supercar created by nissan, released in japan on december 6th, 2007, and expected to be released internationally by the beginning of 2008. nissan and the automotive press has expressed that the nissan gt-r has redefined the termsupercar.	the nissan gt-r is a high performance supercar created by nissan, released in japan on december 6th, 2007, and expected to be released internationally by the beginning of 2008. nissan and the automotive press has expressed that the nissan gt-r has redefined the term supercar.
some alternative educators have accepted the indigo concept, and have related their mission to the needs of so-called indigo children 1,4. philosophies that resonate with indigos ' style of learning may include experiential education, multiple intelligence strategies, project-based learning, unschooling, and student-centered learning.	some alternative educators have accepted the indigo concept, and have related their mission to the needs of indigo children 1,4. philosophies that resonate with indigos ' style of learning may include experiential education, multiple intelligence strategies, project-based learning, unschooling, and student-centered learning.
a diverse stable of languages has since evolved amongst the state's population, given that new jersey has become cosmopolitan and is home to ethnic enclaves of prominent non-english-speaking communities:	a diverse stable of languages has since evolved amongst the state's population, given that new jersey has become cosmopolitan and is home to ethnic enclaves of non-english-speaking communities:
esther schweins (born 18 april 1970 in oberhausen) is a german actress and comedienne who became famous through her appearances on the rtl samstag nacht show for which she won the bayerischer fernsehpreis in 1994.	esther schweins (born 18 april 1970 in oberhausen) is a german actress and comedian who became famous through her appearances on the rtl samstag nacht show for which she won the bayerischer fernsehpreis in 1994.
crews was born in flint, michigan on july 30, 1968, the son of patricia and terry crews, sr. crews grew up in a rather strict christian household where the rearing of the children was mainly held down by his mother.	crews was born in flint, michigan on july 30, 1968, the son of patricia and terry crews, sr. crews grew up in a strict christian household where the rearing of the children was mainly held down by his mother.
he got the nickname 'baggio' (after italian superstar roberto baggio) at a young age from his father.	he got the nickname 'baggio' (after italian soccer player roberto baggio) at a young age from his father.
in some american conservative congregations that perform the ceremony, a bat kohen ( female priest) can perform it as well.	in some american conservative congregations that perform the ceremony, a bat kohen ( daughter of a priest) can perform it as well.
one good example of such liberal and commercial fair use is parody.	one example of such liberal and commercial fair use is parody.
thorne's first book, tourist, was published in 1998. the book is an attack on the negative effects of tourism on weston-super-mare, a popular english seaside town near bristol.	thorne's first book, tourist, was published in 1998. the book is an attack on the negative effects of tourism on weston-super-mare, a english seaside town near bristol.
believe also set a record in 1999 after spending 21 weeks in the top spot of the billboard hot dance singles sales chart, impressively it was still in the top ten even one year after its entry on the chart.	believe also set a record in 1999 after spending 21 weeks in the top spot of the billboard hot dance singles sales chart, it was still in the top ten even one year after its entry on the chart.
once one of the most prosperous of the tropical west african states, its economy has been undermined by political turmoil and civil war, spawned by corruption and refusal to adopt needed reforms.	once one of the most prosperous of the tropical west african states, its economy has been undermined by political turmoil and civil war , spawned by corruption and refusal to adopt reforms.
il'enkov claimed that the information in the russian military archives alphabetical card-indexes should be considered.	il'enkov maintained that the information in the russian military archives alphabetical card-indexes should be considered.
unfortunately like its european counterpart, it couldn't broadcast us-produced primetime shows due to rights restrictions.	like its european counterpart, it couldn't broadcast us-produced primetime shows due to rights restrictions.
gisele caroline bndchen (born july 20, 1980) is a brazilian supermodel and occasional film actress.	gisele caroline bndchen (born july 20, 1980) is a brazilian model and occasional film actress.
unfortunately , it didn't make it to its first birthday, ending with issue 43. however a new comic the phoenix began in january 2012 which is a successor to the dfc.	as it transpired , it didn't make it to its first birthday, ending with issue 43. however a new comic the phoenix began in january 2012 which is a successor to the dfc.
the west, in arabic), mainly in the tolerant sherifian kingdom of morocco .	the west, in arabic), mainly in the sherifian kingdom of morocco .
she also voices lucy stillman in the successful video game series assassin's creed.	she also voices lucy stillman in the video game series assassin's creed.
many of the details of ibn tumart's life were recorded by hagiographers, whose accounts probably mix legendary elements from the almohad cult of their founding figure and spiritual leader.	many of the details of ibn tumart's life were recorded by hagiographers, whose accounts probably mix legendary elements from the almohad doctrine of their founding figure and spiritual leader.
janice connolly is a british actress, comedienne and artistic director.	janice connolly is a british actress, comedian and artistic director.
neo-confederate historian charles adams has selected two authors that he considers the most prominent representaives of these views in england.	tax historian charles adams has selected two authors that he considers the most prominent representaives of these views in england.
vitaly kaloyev lost his wife svetlana kaloyeva and two children, 10-year-old konstantin kaloyev and 4-year-old diana kaloyeva in a tragic midair collision two years earlier during the berlingen mid-air collision.	vitaly kaloyev lost his wife svetlana kaloyeva and two children, 10-year-old konstantin kaloyev and 4-year-old diana kaloyeva in a midair collision two years earlier during the berlingen mid-air collision.
based in sacramento, california, the center produces a popular conservative newsletter.	based in sacramento, california, the center produces a conservative newsletter.
once each year the edmonton sun prints a special swimsuit edition and around christmas time they print a hot holiday lingerie edition.	once each year the edmonton sun prints a special swimsuit edition and around christmas time they print a holiday lingerie edition.
the first known reference to kolob is found in the book of abraham, which joseph smith, jr. purportedly translated from a set of egyptian scrolls that accompanied a traveling mummy exhibition, which passed through smith's town of kirtland, ohio in 1835. according to smith, the scrolls described a vision of abraham, in which he:	the first known reference to kolob is found in the book of abraham, which joseph smith, jr. said he translated from a set of egyptian scrolls that accompanied a traveling mummy exhibition, which passed through smith's town of kirtland, ohio in 1835. according to smith, the scrolls described a vision of abraham, in which he:
after the paris commune (1871), bakunin characterised marx's ideas as authoritarian, and predicted that if a marxist party came to power its leaders would end up as bad as the ruling class they had fought against (notably in his statism and anarchy).	after the paris commune (1871), bakunin characterised marx's ideas as authoritarian, and argued that if a marxist party came to power its leaders would end up as bad as the ruling class they had fought against (notably in his statism and anarchy).
alfred hitchcock famously used bosco chocolate syrup as fake blood in his 1960 thriller psycho.	alfred hitchcock used bosco chocolate syrup as fake blood in his 1960 thriller psycho.
the secret mitchell was a storyline of the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, involving the characters of ronnie mitchell (samantha janus) and danielle jones (lauren crace), starting in may 2008 and climaxing on 2 april 2009.	the secret mitchell was a storyline of the bbc soap opera eastenders, involving the characters of ronnie mitchell (samantha janus) and danielle jones (lauren crace), starting in may 2008 and climaxing on 2 april 2009.
one study published in 2008 debunks the long accepted mustelinae subfamily, and suggests that mustelidae consists of four major clades and three much smaller lineages.	one study published in 2008 questions the long accepted mustelinae subfamily, and suggests that mustelidae consists of four major clades and three much smaller lineages.
disturbingly , the nun can still be shot.	however , the nun can still be shot.
creationism is the unlogical belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam) or deities.	creationism is the religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam) or deities.
he went on to record with the superstar line-up of chequered past in 1983 with sex pistols steve jones, former blondie bandmate nigel harrison, musician tony sales and singer/actor michael des barres.	he went on to record with the line-up of chequered past in 1983 with sex pistols steve jones, former blondie bandmate nigel harrison, musician tony sales and singer/actor michael des barres.
even the lowly diana and holga 'toy' film cameras have been employed, sometimes with prize-winning results.	even the diana and holga 'toy' film cameras have been employed, sometimes with prize-winning results.
most of the remainder are in the excellent acropolis museum which stands a few metres to the south-east of the parthenon.	most of the remainder are in the acropolis museum which stands a few metres to the south-east of the parthenon.
according to the mahabharata, he was the son of satyavati, a dalit ferryman's daughter, and the wandering sage parashara.	according to the mahabharata, he was the son of satyavati, a ferryman's daughter, and the wandering sage parashara.
on her passing the chichesters' land in woolacombe and mortehoe and the family estate at arlington near barnstaple had been willed to the national trust.	on her death the chichesters' land in woolacombe and mortehoe and the family estate at arlington near barnstaple had been willed to the national trust.
the swastika was not widely utilized by followers of the abrahamic religions, perhaps because of its associations with pagan faiths.	the swastika was not widely utilized by followers of the abrahamic religions, perhaps because of its associations with eastern faiths.
"dragonforce is an english power metal band formed in london in 1999. the group is known for its fast paced songs, crazy twin guitar solos, and incorporation of ""video game"" sounds into their music."	"dragonforce is an english power metal band formed in london in 1999. the group is known for its fast paced songs, twin guitar solos, and incorporation of ""video game"" sounds into their music."
these ijtimas are attended by thousands of people and the program comprises of recitation of holy quran and naats.	these ijtimas are attended by thousands of people and the program comprises of recitation of quran and naats.
the execution of 12 young males and 4 females, most of them members of the cpy, by fascist bulgarian soldiers is one of the most controversial events of world war ii among ethnic macedonians.	the execution of 12 young males and 4 females, most of them members of the cpy, by bulgarian soldiers is one of the most controversial events of world war ii among ethnic macedonians.
asterix's and obelix's visit to jerusalem is full of references to the holy bible.	asterix's and obelix's visit to jerusalem is full of references to the bible .
"in january 2007, a group of protesters stood outside the radical neturei karta synagogue in monsey, new york, demanding that they leave monsey and move to iran, the neturei karta together and their sympathisers from monsey's orthodox community responded with a counter protest."""	"in january 2007, a group of protesters stood outside the neturei karta synagogue in monsey, new york, demanding that they leave monsey and move to iran, the neturei karta together and their sympathisers from monsey's orthodox community responded with a counter protest."""
"this injunction not only precludes ""small talk"" but also precludes ostentatious behavior such as pda (public displays of affection) and egregious flirtation."	"this injunction not only precludes ""small talk"" but also precludes behavior such as pda (public displays of affection) and egregious flirtation."
he is also on the board of trustees of the x prize foundation which is a non-profit organization that designs and manages public competitions intended to encourage technological development that could benefit mankind .	he is also on the board of trustees of the x prize foundation which is a non-profit organization that designs and manages public competitions intended to encourage technological development that could benefit humanity .
from 2007, she has also had a recurring role in the bbc radio 4 comedy series bleak expectations, a loving parody of charles dickens' novels and of victoriana in general.	from 2007, she has also had a recurring role in the bbc radio 4 comedy series bleak expectations, a parody of charles dickens' novels and of victoriana in general.
"daniel goldhagen explains that ""the political left's murderous ideologies, communisms of various hues, seek to reorganize society according to a totalizing political and social vision"" and ""declare as enemies all individuals and groups that consider themselves or that are ""objectively"" defined to be opposed that vision ."	"daniel goldhagen claims that ""the political left's murderous ideologies, communisms of various hues, seek to reorganize society according to a totalizing political and social vision"" and ""declare as enemies all individuals and groups that consider themselves or that are ""objectively"" defined to be opposed that vision ."
pasteurization kills many harmful microorganisms by heating the milk for a short time and then cooling it for storage and transportation.	pasteurization kills many microorganisms by heating the milk for a short time and then cooling it for storage and transportation.
roco drcal (october 4, 1944 - march 25, 2006), born as mara de los ngeles de las heras ortz, was a legendary spanish singer and actress.	roco drcal (october 4, 1944 - march 25, 2006), born as mara de los ngeles de las heras ortz, was a spanish singer and actress.
aside from the first appearance of the rutles, the show features some brilliantly surreal humour in the style associated with monty python.	aside from the first appearance of the rutles, the show features some surreal humour in the style associated with monty python.
the site preserves much of the farm of j. alden weir (1852-1919), a great painter of the american impressionism style, and was later used by his son-in-law, mahonri young (1877-1957), noted sculptor and a grandson of brigham young.	the site preserves much of the farm of j. alden weir (1852-1919), a painter of the american impressionism style, and was later used by his son-in-law, mahonri young (1877-1957), noted sculptor and a grandson of brigham young.
"the specific term ""american exceptionalism"" was first used in russian 1929 by soviet dictator joseph stalin chastising members of the lovestone-led faction of the american communist party for their heretical belief that america was independent of the marxist laws of history ""thanks to its natural resources, industrial capacity, and absence of rigid class distinctions."""	"the specific term ""american exceptionalism"" was first used in russian 1929 by soviet leader joseph stalin chastising members of the lovestone-led faction of the american communist party for their heretical belief that america was independent of the marxist laws of history ""thanks to its natural resources, industrial capacity, and absence of rigid class distinctions."""
after signing with the team, he was assigned to the rookie-league elizabethton twins in the appalachian league where he immediately showed why the twins considered him so highly, hitting .382, with 3 home runs, 35 rbi, and amazing 43 steals, in only 65 games, albeit against predominantly younger players.	after signing with the team, he was assigned to the rookie-league elizabethton twins in the appalachian league where he immediately showed why the twins considered him so highly, hitting .382, with 3 home runs, 35 rbi, and 43 steals, in only 65 games, albeit against predominantly younger players.
kelly preston (born october 13, 1962) is an american actress and former model married to john travolta since 1991. like husband travolta, preston is a devout member of the controversial church of scientology and spokesperson for it's anti-psychiatry front group the cchr.	kelly preston (born october 13, 1962) is an american actress and former model married to john travolta since 1991. like husband travolta, preston is a devout member of the church of scientology and spokesperson for it's anti-psychiatry front group the cchr.
in may 1946, the pentagon reactivated the 328th fighter squadron, a heroic world war ii unit.	in may 1946, the pentagon reactivated the 328th fighter squadron, a world war ii unit.
moreau's fame as a general stands very high, though he was far from possessing napoleon's transcendent gifts.	moreau's fame as a general stands very high, though he was far from possessing napoleon's gifts.
the low waterfalls empty into a small lake with a beautiful sandy beach.	the low waterfalls empty into a small lake with a sandy beach.
alex kotlowitz is an award-winning american journalist and author.	alex kotlowitz is an american journalist and author.
it was eventually captured on september 7, 1922.	it was eventually liberated on september 7, 1922.
in zulu) is a free operating system based on debian gnu/linux .	in zulu) is a free operating system based on debian.
on may 14 of the same year, two students at jackson state university were shot to death and several others wounded under much more suspicious circumstances.	on may 14 of the same year, two students at jackson state university were shot to death and several others wounded under much more questionable circumstances.
since catholic christians believe the lives of canonized saints in the church will reflect christ's, they have come to actually expect healing miracles.	since catholic christians believe the lives of canonized saints in the church will reflect christ's, they have come to expect healing miracles.
northern exposure is an award-winning american television series that ran on cbs from 1990 to 1995.	northern exposure is an american television series that ran on cbs from 1990 to 1995.
the xenomai project was launched in august 2001. in 2003 it merged with the real-time application interface (rtai) project to produce a production-grade real-time free software platform for gnu/ linux called rtai/fusion, on top of xenomai's abstract real-time operating system (rtos) core.	the xenomai project was launched in august 2001. in 2003 it merged with the real-time application interface (rtai) project to produce a production-grade real-time free software platform for linux called rtai/fusion, on top of xenomai's abstract real-time operating system (rtos) core.
"in 2006 she cosponsored the ""perform act"" or the ""platform equality and remedies for rights holders in music act of 2006"" to the senate, which would require satellite, cable and internet broadcasters to incorporate digital restriction management technologies into their transmission."	"in 2006 she cosponsored the ""perform act"" or the ""platform equality and remedies for rights holders in music act of 2006"" to the senate, which would require satellite, cable and internet broadcasters to incorporate digital rights management technologies into their transmission."
rap metal is a terrible subgenre of rap rock fusing vocal and sometimes instrumental elements of hip hop with heavy metal, with influences of hard rock .	rap metal is a subgenre of rap rock fusing vocal and sometimes instrumental elements of hip hop with heavy metal, with influences of hard rock .
much of his early work can be described as shocking post-cyberpunk.	much of his early work can be described as post-cyberpunk.
edna luby (1884-1928), actress and comedienne	edna luby (1884-1928), actress and comedian
sir cyril lodowic burt (march 3, 1883 october 10, 1971) was a prominent english educational psychologist.	sir cyril lodowic burt (march 3, 1883 october 10, 1971) was a english educational psychologist.
the european union invests more than 30 million a year promoting language learning and linguistic diversity through the socrates and leonardo da vinci programmes, a policy that began with the pioneering lingua programme in 1990.	the european union spends more than 30 million a year promoting language learning and linguistic diversity through the socrates and leonardo da vinci programmes, a policy that began with the pioneering lingua programme in 1990.
after four past nominations, he won an oscar for best supporting actor for his acclaimed performance in clint eastwood's million dollar baby at the 77th academy awards on february 27, 2005.	after four past nominations, he won an oscar for best supporting actor for his performance in clint eastwood's million dollar baby at the 77th academy awards on february 27, 2005.
maxwell software, a popular computer program used by electrical engineers	maxwell software, a computer program used by electrical engineers
the us operated in panama the infamous school of the americas to train latin american military personnel, formally in counterinsurgency.	the us operated in panama the school of the americas to train latin american military personnel, formally in counterinsurgency.
"jeffrey ""free"" luers is an eco-terrorist from los angeles, california, who served a ten year prison sentence for arson in the u.s. state of oregon."	"jeffrey ""free"" luers is an political activist from los angeles, california, who served a ten year prison sentence for arson in the u.s. state of oregon."
the original betty crocker cake mix, requiring only water to be added, sold extreamly poorly.	the original betty crocker cake mix, requiring only water to be added, sold poorly.
regarded as one of the greatest actresses in world cinema history, she was noted for her willingness to play unsympathetic, sardonic characters and was reputed for her performances in a range of film genres, from contemporary crime melodramas to historical and period films and occasional comedies, although her greatest successes were her roles in romantic dramas.	regarded as one of the greatest actors in world cinema history, she was noted for her willingness to play unsympathetic, sardonic characters and was reputed for her performances in a range of film genres, from contemporary crime melodramas to historical and period films and occasional comedies, although her greatest successes were her roles in romantic dramas.
additionally, william dalrymple has written a splendid book titled 'in xanadu'.	additionally, william dalrymple has written a book titled 'in xanadu'.
"this was widely criticized as ""absurd and unresearched"" by the gaming community, prompting peta to claim that it was a tongue-in-cheek effort to draw attention to the real-life issue of tanuki being skinned alive."	"this was widely criticized as ""absurd and unresearched"" by the gaming community, prompting peta to explain that it was a tongue-in-cheek effort to draw attention to the real-life issue of tanuki being skinned alive."
these specimens of yalkaparidon exhibit a fascinating melange of characters: the molars are zalambdodont (a distinctive tooth type also found in the marsupial mole notoryctes, the living placental 'insectivores' solenodon, tenrecs and golden moles, as well as a number of fossil groups); the incisors are very large and hypselodont (open-rooted and hence ever-growing, similar to those of rodents); the basicranial region of the only known skull is very primitive, somewhat similar to those of plesiomorphic bandicoots.	these specimens of yalkaparidon exhibit a melange of characters: the molars are zalambdodont (a distinctive tooth type also found in the marsupial mole notoryctes, the living placental 'insectivores' solenodon, tenrecs and golden moles, as well as a number of fossil groups); the incisors are very large and hypselodont (open-rooted and hence ever-growing, similar to those of rodents); the basicranial region of the only known skull is very primitive, somewhat similar to those of plesiomorphic bandicoots.
luis posada carriles, cuban anti-castro patriot believed to be responsible for the cubana flight 455 bombing, was born here.	luis posada carriles, cuban anti-castro activist believed to be responsible for the cubana flight 455 bombing, was born here.
march 1independence movement daysamil jeol 3.1절to commemorate a nation-wide independence movement which took place in 1919 in protest against japan's immoral colonisation	march 1independence movement daysamil jeol 3.1절to commemorate a nation-wide independence movement which took place in 1919 in protest against japan's colonisation
after hostettler refused to support president bush's plans to invade iraq, vice president dick cheney cancelled a fundraising event for him before a close election.	after hostettler refused to support president bush's plans to deploy armed forces into iraq, vice president dick cheney cancelled a fundraising event for him before a close election.
"the late, great planet earth is notable for its breezy style and childish punning jokes: ""russia is a gog"" and ""sheik to sheik"" provide two chapter titles."	"the late, great planet earth is notable for its breezy style and punning jokes: ""russia is a gog"" and ""sheik to sheik"" provide two chapter titles."
the website of tishreen was hacked by unknown groups in late april 2011. in december 2012, naji assaad, a journalist for the daily, was assassinated in damascus allegedly by opposition forces who have been fighting against the assad regime in the country since 2011.	the website of tishreen was hacked by unknown groups in late april 2011. in december 2012, naji assaad, a journalist for the daily, was assassinated in damascus allegedly by opposition forces who have been fighting against the assad government in the country since 2011.
in the run-up to the 2016 united states presidential election, leaks aimed at hurting democratic nominee hillary clinton were traced to russia through the wikileaks website.	in the run-up to the 2016 united states presidential election, leaks aimed at democratic nominee hillary clinton were traced to russia through the wikileaks website.
the huntington's superb botanical gardens cover 120 acres (485,624 m) and the theme gardens contain rare plants from around the world.	the huntington's botanical gardens cover 120 acres (485,624 m) and the theme gardens contain rare plants from around the world.
the three suspects, all residents of pardes katz, a non-religious neighborhood in bnei brak, range in ages from 20 to 40. it was later announced that a prominent activist in the israeli lgbt community had also been detained for questioning; he is not suspected of involvement, but is thought to have information that could be useful to the investigation.	the three suspects, all residents of pardes katz, a neighborhood in bnei brak, range in ages from 20 to 40. it was later announced that a prominent activist in the israeli lgbt community had also been detained for questioning; he is not suspected of involvement, but is thought to have information that could be useful to the investigation.
"at the end of 2008 the girls put on a fantastic performance of ""daisy pulls it off"" following a scholarship girl as she adjusts to her new life at grangewood girls boarding school."	"at the end of 2008 the girls put on a performance of ""daisy pulls it off"" following a scholarship girl as she adjusts to her new life at grangewood girls boarding school."
he also appeared in another series of popular canadian commercials in the late 1990s for a dial-around long distance carrier.	he also appeared in another series of canadian commercials in the late 1990s for a dial-around long distance carrier.
hitler often used religious speech and symbolism in his propaganda to appease and promote nazism to those that he feared would be disposed to act against him, the soviet union state feared that if they commenced a program of persecution against religion in the western regions, hitler would use that as a pretext for war.	hitler often used religious speech and symbolism in his propaganda to appease and promote nazism to those that he feared would be disposed to act against him, the soviet union feared that if they commenced a program of persecution against religion in the western regions, hitler would use that as a pretext for war.
a graphical representation of owmiaski's attempt to localise different tribes mentioned in the geographer.	a graphical representation of owmiaski's attempt to localise west slavic tribes mentioned in the geographer.
instead, maximus, quintus and other characters, as well as the opening sequence of the film (set in germany) are inspired by a powerful work of historical fiction by wallace breem, eagle in the snow (set some 200 years later).	instead, maximus, quintus and other characters, as well as the opening sequence of the film (set in germany) are inspired by a work of historical fiction by wallace breem, eagle in the snow (set some 200 years later).
during his reign, a british cantonment was established in hyderabad and the area was christened after him as secunderabad.	during his reign, a british cantonment was established near hyderabad and the area was christened after him as secunderabad.
"in this passage rebeccah, a young, unmarried virgin is that almah and most bibles use ""virgin"" or ""maid"" as the translation."	"in this passage rebeccah, a young, unmarried girl is that almah and most bibles use ""virgin"" or ""maid"" as the translation."
"peterhof (, petergof, originally peterhof, dutch for ""peter's court/garden"") is a series of palaces and gardens, laid out on the orders of peter the great, and sometimes called the ""russian versailles""."	"peterhof (, petergof, originally peterhof, german for ""peter's court/garden"") is a series of palaces and gardens, laid out on the orders of peter the great, and sometimes called the ""russian versailles""."
"it had a hand clutch, and shifting was ""1 down, 3 up,"" with neutral in between those ."	"it had a hand clutch, and shifting was ""1 down, 3 up,"" with neutral in between 1st and 2nd ."
"chesley burnett ""sully"" sullenberger iii (born january 23, 1951) is a retired american airline captain known for the successful water landing of us airways flight 1549 on the hudson river on january 15, 2009, following the plane's impact with a flock of canada geese immediately after takeoff; all 155 people aboard survived."	"chesley burnett ""sully"" sullenberger iii (born january 23, 1951) is a retired american airline captain celebrated for the successful water landing of us airways flight 1549 on the hudson river on january 15, 2009, following the plane's impact with a flock of canada geese immediately after takeoff; all 155 people aboard survived."
the same trend is reused in the series 24, which often kiis off nameless (red-clad) security guards.	the same trend is reused in the series 24, which often kills off nameless (red-clad) security guards.
the nokia n-gage is a failed mobile telephone and handheld game system based on the nokia series 60 platform.	the nokia n-gage is a mobile telephone and handheld game system based on the nokia series 60 platform.
according to data from the oregon health authority, which publishes annual reports on its first-in-the-nation assisted death law, approximately two thirds of patients who qualify and receive a prescription take it, whereas one third never consumes the medication .	according to data from the oregon health authority, which publishes annual reports on its first-in-the-nation assisted death law, approximately two thirds of patients who qualify and receive a prescription take it, whereas one third never consumes the drugs .
"two rarer variations are pearlescent paint, which appears as subtly different colours depending on the angle and intensity of the light, and ""flip"" colours where the colour changes more radically (e.g."	"two variations are pearlescent paint, which appears as subtly different colours depending on the angle and intensity of the light, and ""flip"" colours where the colour changes more radically (e.g."
draconian measures continued to be used after the war's conclusion; these included internment of former rebels and the punishment of flogging for arson and armed robbery, introduced in 1924.	strong security measures continued to be used after the war's conclusion; these included internment of former rebels and the punishment of flogging for arson and armed robbery, introduced in 1924.
notable urban folk performers include:	urban folk performers include:
"in 2001, the progressive media watchdog organization fairness and accuracy in reporting criticized stossel's reportage of global warming in his documentary, tampering with nature, for using ""highly selective...information"" that gave ""center stage to three dissenters from among the 2,000 members of the un's intergovernmental panel on climate change, which recently released a report stating that global temperatures are rising almost twice as fast as previously thought."""	"in 2001, the media watchdog organization fairness and accuracy in reporting criticized stossel's reportage of global warming in his documentary, tampering with nature, for using ""highly selective...information"" that gave ""center stage to three dissenters from among the 2,000 members of the un's intergovernmental panel on climate change, which recently released a report stating that global temperatures are rising almost twice as fast as previously thought."""
for the person, teaching, and acts of jesus christ , see jesus and historical jesus.	for the person, teaching, and acts of jesus, see jesus and historical jesus.
estia is the only daily still written in katharevousa, a purist and archaic form of modern greek that was abolished as the official administrative language in 1976. this follows an older, now virtually obsolete, practice for right-wing newspapers to employ katharevousa as opposed to demotiki, which was favored by the centrist and leftist press.	estia is the only daily written in katharevousa, a purist and archaic form of modern greek that was abolished as the official administrative language in 1976. this follows an older, now virtually obsolete, practice for right-wing newspapers to employ katharevousa as opposed to demotiki, which was favored by the centrist and leftist press.
instead, the winemaker would simply take his or her siphon from barrel to barrel and fill the bottles from a single barrel at a time.	instead, the winemaker would take his or her siphon from barrel to barrel and fill the bottles from a single barrel at a time.
"catherine shoard of the guardian opined ""... undeniable misogyny and a definite creative bankruptcy."	"catherine shoard of the guardian wrote ""... undeniable misogyny and a definite creative bankruptcy."
harrington is a picturesque old seafaring village.	harrington is a old seafaring village.
most current reports is that negotiations ceased when taiwan stubbornly demanded that the flag and anthem of the republic of china be displayed on the route, instead with only the chinese taipei flag and anthem to be seen, which unfortunately resulted in its rejection.	most current reports is that negotiations ceased when taiwan demanded that the flag and anthem of the republic of china be displayed on the route, instead with only the chinese taipei flag and anthem to be seen, which unfortunately resulted in its rejection.
edward mcknight kauffer (14 december 1890 22 october 1954) was an influential american-born artist noted for his avant garde graphic design and poster art, especially in england.	edward mcknight kauffer (14 december 1890 22 october 1954) was an american-born artist noted for his avant garde graphic design and poster art, especially in england.
the most recent territorial enlargement of the eu was the incorporation of mayotte in 2014. the most notable territorial reductions of the eu, and its predecessors, were the exit of algeria upon independence in 1962 and the exit of greenland in 1985. on 23 june 2016, a non-binding referendum on whether the uk should remain in or leave the european union was held, with a majority voting in favour of leaving the eu.	the most recent territorial enlargement of the eu was the incorporation of mayotte in 2014. the most notable territorial reductions of the eu, and its predecessors, were the exit of algeria upon independence in 1962 and the exit of greenland in 1985. on 23 june 2016, a referendum on whether the uk should remain in or leave the european union was held, with a majority voting in favour of leaving the eu.
hadrian's famous wall was built along this line in 138 ad; apart from a number of temporary forays into scotland, this was now the border.	hadrian's wall was built along this line in 138 ad; apart from a number of temporary forays into scotland, this was now the border.
although tribble has never been the athletic director of a university (withdrawing from the 2003 athletic director search conducted by pittsburgh after they had decided on another candidate ), tribble enjoyed associate ad stints at both the university of florida and the university of nevada-las vegas.	although tribble has never been the athletic director of a university (withdrawing from the 2003 athletic director search conducted by pittsburgh after they had decided on another candidate ), he has enjoyed associate ad stints at both the university of florida and the university of nevada-las vegas.
the flag forms the basis of the logo of the only major sports franchise in ohio's capital city, the columbus blue jackets.	the flag forms the basis of the logo of the only big four sports franchise in ohio's capital city, the columbus blue jackets.
corvette z06 refers to a super high-performance version of the chevrolet corvette.	corvette z06 refers to a high-performance version of the chevrolet corvette.
it was created in 2004 by beautiful hotel heiress paris hilton (hence the name).	it was created in 2004 by hotel heiress paris hilton (hence the name).
this mainland china location article is a stub.	this people's republic of china location article is a stub.
in march 2008 he announced he would be running for the post of leader of the malta labour party to replace alfred sant who resigned after a third consecutive humilating defeat for the party in the general elections held on the 8th of march.	in march 2008 he announced he would be running for the post of leader of the malta labour party to replace alfred sant who resigned after a third consecutive defeat for the party in the general elections held on the 8th of march.
he failed to apologize for rejecting gm crops.	he declined to apologize for rejecting gm crops.
ehren watada (born 1978) is a first lieutenant (1lt) of the united states army who in june 2006 failed to deploy to iraq for his unit's assigned rotation to operation iraqi freedom.	ehren watada (born 1978) is a first lieutenant (1lt) of the united states army who in june 2006 refused to deploy to iraq for his unit's assigned rotation to operation iraqi freedom.
"(born in madrid, spain on february 25, 1953) was the prime minister of spain (officially, "" best president of the spanish government"") from 1996 to 2004."	"(born in madrid, spain on february 25, 1953) was the prime minister of spain (officially, ""president of the spanish government"") from 1996 to 2004."
some catholics believe this occurred at lanciano, italy, in the 8th century a.d. however, a eucharistic miracle more commonly observed by catholics is that of the bleeding host, where blood starts to trickle from a consecrated host, the bread consecrated during mass.	some catholics believe this occurred at lanciano, italy, in the 8th century a.d. however, a eucharistic miracle more commonly reported by catholics is that of the bleeding host, where blood starts to trickle from a consecrated host, the bread consecrated during mass.
a video of horrorshow featuring pete and carl in graveyard was recorded sometime in 2001, although this has sadly never seen the light of day.	a video of horrorshow featuring pete and carl in graveyard was recorded sometime in 2001, although this has never seen the light of day.
the election of populist leader juan pern to the presidency in 1946 resulted in the daily's closure in 1948. following pern's 1955 overthrow, however, the national democrats' stauchly anti-peronist stance led solano lima to join senator alberto fonrouge in his break from the party, co-founding the popular conservative party in 1958. supporting a policy of rapproachment with the exiled pern, the popular conservatives joined the banned peronists in a joint popular front for the 1963 elections, for which he accepted the nomination for the presidency; the military's insistence on their ban thwarted the move, however, and helped lead to record blank votes.	the election of laborist leader juan pern to the presidency in 1946 resulted in the daily's closure in 1948. following pern's 1955 overthrow, however, the national democrats' stauchly anti-peronist stance led solano lima to join senator alberto fonrouge in his break from the party, co-founding the popular conservative party in 1958. supporting a policy of rapproachment with the exiled pern, the popular conservatives joined the banned peronists in a joint popular front for the 1963 elections, for which he accepted the nomination for the presidency; the military's insistence on their ban thwarted the move, however, and helped lead to record blank votes.
he was 13 but had a solid 2.13 era.	he was 13 but had a 2.13 era.
many of the great english versions since then have drawn inspiration from tyndale, such as the revised standard version, the new american standard bible, and the english standard version.	many of the english versions since then have drawn inspiration from tyndale, such as the revised standard version, the new american standard bible, and the english standard version.
the modiglianimiller theorem (of franco modigliani, merton miller) forms the basis for modern thinking on capital structure.	the modiglianimiller theorem (of franco modigliani, merton miller) is a theorem on capital structure, arguably forming the basis for modern thinking on capital structure.
also common amongst religious orders in the past were the wearing of sack garments, and flagellation in imitation of jesus christ 's suffering and death by crucifixion.	also common amongst religious orders in the past were the wearing of sack garments, and flagellation in imitation of jesus of nazareth 's suffering and death by crucifixion.
carol burnett, actress and comedienne	carol burnett, actress and comedian
the modern new york sun is a daily conservative newspaper published in new york city.	the modern new york sun is a daily newspaper published in new york city.
algae fuel is an alternative to fossil fuel and uses algae as its source of natural deposits.	algae fuel might be an alternative to fossil fuel and uses algae as its source of natural deposits.
andrew sharp peacock ac (born 13 february 1939), is a former popular australian liberal politician.	andrew sharp peacock ac (born 13 february 1939), is a former australian liberal politician.
a 'scorched earth' policy was implemented in the chittagong region, nearest the burmese border, whilst excessively large amounts of rice were exported to the middle east to feed british troops, and to ceylon, which had been heavily dependent on burmese rice before the war, and which was the headquarters of south east asia command.	a 'scorched earth' policy was implemented in the chittagong region, nearest the burmese border, whilst large amounts of rice were exported to the middle east to feed british troops, and to ceylon, which had been heavily dependent on burmese rice before the war, and which was the headquarters of south east asia command.
many of these traditions are still used; however, it can also be eaten normally with spoons and plates.	many of these traditions are still used; however, it can also be eaten with spoons and plates.
"the operas have so pervaded our culture that events from the ""lives"" of their characters from the operas are memorialized by major news outlets."	"the operas have so pervaded western culture that events from the ""lives"" of their characters from the operas are memorialized by major news outlets."
"on his passing , the natchitoches times newspaper wrote: ""he was recognized as an officer fearless and efficient, who knew not the meaning of defeat."	"on his death , the natchitoches times newspaper wrote: ""he was recognized as an officer fearless and efficient, who knew not the meaning of defeat."
the only essential difference in classification between hungarian and finnish is that hungarian does not observe the difference between finnish and 'e' e — the hungarian neutral vowel 'e' is the same as the finnish front vowel .	the only essential difference in classification between hungarian and finnish is that hungarian does not observe the difference between finnish and 'e' e — the hungarian front vowel 'e' is the same as the finnish front vowel .
figes has been critical of the vladimir putin regime , in particular allegations that putin had attempted to rehabilitate joseph stalin and impose its own agenda on history-teaching in russian schools and universities.	figes has been critical of the vladimir putin government , in particular allegations that putin had attempted to rehabilitate joseph stalin and impose its own agenda on history-teaching in russian schools and universities.
redirect scottish independence	redirect scottish national identity
he is best known for being the co-creator of south park along with his creative partner trey parker, as well as co-writing the 2011 multi-tony award winning musical the book of mormon.	he is known for being the co-creator of south park along with his creative partner trey parker, as well as co-writing the 2011 multi-tony award winning musical the book of mormon.
the party stands for a liberal, free and independent kosovo and like all other kosovar albanian political parties does not take part in the general elections in serbia nor any other election or referendum organised by the serbian parliament.	the party stands for a liberal, free and independent kosovo and like all other kosovo albanian political parties does not take part in the general elections in serbia nor any other election or referendum organised by the serbian parliament.
he was one of the leads in the spectacular 1966 film grand prix with james garner.	he was one of the leads in the 1966 film grand prix with james garner.
sandra gould (19161999), american actress and comedienne	sandra gould (19161999), american actress and comedian
a u.s. marine corps sergeant uses an iris scanner to positively identify a member of the baghdadi city council prior to a meeting with local tribal figureheads , sheiks, community leaders and u.s. service members.	a u.s. marine corps sergeant uses an iris scanner to positively identify a member of the baghdadi city council prior to a meeting with local tribal leaders , sheiks, community leaders and u.s. service members.
a major map in an issue mislabeled the persian gulf as 'the gulf'.	a major map in an issue labeled the persian gulf as 'the gulf'.
for a powerful critique along these lines see lorenzo zucca's constitutional dilemmas.	for a critique along these lines see lorenzo zucca's constitutional dilemmas.
husain haqqani (urdu: ; born 1 july 1956), alternately spelled hussain haqqani, is a controversial pakistani political author and the former pakistan ambassador to the united states.	husain haqqani (urdu: ; born 1 july 1956), alternately spelled hussain haqqani, is a pakistani political author and the former pakistan ambassador to the united states.
siddharth won the reality show along with sakshi pradhan winning rs 5,00,000. he was a contestant on the popular reality show bigg boss in 2011 and became the 2nd runner up.	siddharth won the reality show along with sakshi pradhan winning rs 5,00,000. he was a contestant on the reality show bigg boss in 2011 and became the 2nd runner up.
david bruce cassidy (born april 12, 1950) is an american prolific character actor of stage, singer and guitarist.	david bruce cassidy (born april 12, 1950) is an american character actor of stage, singer and guitarist.
third day: old city occupied , the west bank is controlled, and israeli military government is established.	third day: old city captured , the west bank is controlled, and israeli military government is established.
"the gospel begins mysteriously with the words, ""these are the secret sayings which the living jesus spoke and which didymus judas thomas wrote down."	"the gospel begins with the words, ""these are the secret sayings which the living jesus spoke and which didymus judas thomas wrote down."
mount holly cemetery is the original cemetery in the quapaw quarter area of downtown little rock, arkansas, and is the resting place for numerous arkansans of note.	mount holly cemetery is the original cemetery in the quapaw quarter area of downtown little rock, arkansas, and is the burial place for numerous arkansans of note.
the heritage foundation, a conservative think tank located in washington, d.c., is an influential public policy research institute.	the heritage foundation, a think tank located in washington, d.c., is an influential public policy research institute.
this unique multi-layer virtualization capability allows system z to deploy hundreds or thousands of virtual machines within a single physical system.	this multi-layer virtualization capability allows system z to deploy hundreds or thousands of virtual machines within a single physical system.
"the anglo- irish scientist robert boyle is considered the ""father of chemistry""."	"the irish scientist robert boyle is considered the ""father of chemistry""."
it was the first film about the anti-communist war, and the first of several war films by producer-director-writer fuller.	it was the first film about the war, and the first of several war films by producer-director-writer fuller.
it's said that the brutal police took abel's eyes off and showed them to his sister haydee santamaria who was also in prison but she never revealed where the revolutionaries were.	it's said that the police took abel's eyes off and showed them to his sister haydee santamaria who was also in prison but she never revealed where the revolutionaries were.
"the mpaa has rightly gained much negative publicity due to bringing lawsuits against alleged ""pirates"" without any evidence, often ruining them financially for life with fines exceeding $150,000."	"the mpaa has gained much negative publicity due to bringing lawsuits against alleged ""pirates"" without any evidence, often ruining them financially for life with fines exceeding $150,000."
over the period of time after the death of the last prophet of islam, muhammed, there have arisen sects ''' by means of schools of thought, traditions, and related faiths.	over the period of time after the death of the last prophet of islam, muhammed, there have arisen distinctions ''' by means of schools of thought, traditions, and related faiths.
in marketing and business intelligence, a/b testing is jargon for a randomized experiment with two variants, a and b, which are the control and variation in the controlled experiment	in marketing and business intelligence, a/b testing is a term for a randomized experiment with two variants, a and b, which are the control and variation in the controlled experiment
the story is about the 2008 russo-georgian war, including the events leading up to the conflict.	the story is about the 2008 south ossetia war, including the events leading up to the conflict.
they had three children before her passing in 1878. in 1879, he married ida m. single.	they had three children before her death in 1878. in 1879, he married ida m. single.
dublin launched a manhunt involving 4,000 garda and 2,000 soldiers.	the irish state launched a manhunt involving 4,000 garda and 2,000 soldiers.
"like uncyclopedia, it has many secondary projects, like nonmanuali, a collection of fake or hilarious tutorials about strange arguments (like how to conquer england in 4 steps), the horroscopo, a fake horoscope, nonnotizie, a parody of wikinews and the walk of shame, a parody of the ""walk of fame"", which collects the best articles."	"like uncyclopedia, it has many secondary projects, like nonmanuali, a collection of fake or humorous tutorials about strange arguments (like how to conquer england in 4 steps), the horroscopo, a fake horoscope, nonnotizie, a parody of wikinews and the walk of shame, a parody of the ""walk of fame"", which collects the best articles."
"the exodus (from greek exodos, ""going out"") is the founding myth of israel; its message is that the israelites were delivered from slavery by yahweh and therefore belong to him through the mosaic covenant."	"the exodus (from greek exodos, ""going out"") is the founding story of israel; its message is that the israelites were delivered from slavery by yahweh and therefore belong to him through the mosaic covenant."
the renowned jasper park lodge opened in 1921 in jasper, alberta, canada to challenge the cpr's banff springs hotel.	the jasper park lodge opened in 1921 in jasper, alberta, canada to challenge the cpr's banff springs hotel.
elmbrook church (or simply elmbrook) is a non-denominational, evangelical megachurch located in the posh milwaukee suburb of brookfield, wisconsin.	elmbrook church (or simply elmbrook) is a non-denominational, evangelical megachurch located in the milwaukee suburb of brookfield, wisconsin.
in the nineteenth century, june was devoted to the worship of the sacred heart of jesus christ in roman catholic countries.	in the nineteenth century, june was devoted to the worship of the sacred heart of jesus of nazareth in roman catholic countries.
de cesaris ran out of petrol at the same point, allowing riccardo patrese to win his first formula 1 race in	de cesaris ran out of fuel at the same point, allowing riccardo patrese to win his first formula 1 race in
currently, he is a senior fellow at the center-left progressive policy institute, a think tank affiliated with the democratic leadership council.	currently, he is a senior fellow at the progressive policy institute, a think tank affiliated with the democratic leadership council.
since its inception, magic has used exceptionally high-quality art on its cards, by many well-known fantasy and science-fiction illustrators.	since its inception, magic has used high-quality art on its cards, by many well-known fantasy and science-fiction illustrators.
this led to the development of alexander's reactionary a pattern language and a timeless way of building.	this led to the development of alexander's a pattern language and a timeless way of building.
"in 2011, zaentz' company began several vindictive legal actions against small businesses in the uk to enforce their ""hobbit"" trade mark, including the hungry hobbit cafe and a pub in southampton, england, which had traded as the hobbit for twenty years."	"in 2011, zaentz' company began several legal actions against small businesses in the uk to enforce their ""hobbit"" trade mark, including the hungry hobbit cafe and a pub in southampton, england, which had traded as the hobbit for twenty years."
this operation, latter dubbed the lavon affair wrongly cost israeli defense minister pinhas lavon his job.	this operation, latter dubbed the lavon affair cost israeli defense minister pinhas lavon his job.
college of southern idaho (csi) is an great american public community college.	college of southern idaho (csi) is an american public community college.
1939: nazi troops supposedly destroying a polish border checkpoint.	1939: german troops supposedly destroying a polish border checkpoint.
"speaking before a huge map showing the provocative intrusion of kal 007 into soviet airspace, ogarkov bluntly argued that the intrusion ""was a deliberate, thoroughly planned intelligence operation."""	"speaking before a huge map showing the intrusion of kal 007 into soviet airspace, ogarkov bluntly argued that the intrusion ""was a deliberate, thoroughly planned intelligence operation."""
sir don bradman is by common consent the greatest batsman in the history of cricket, averaging 99.94 and is statistically the greatest sportsman ever.	sir don bradman is by common consent the greatest batsman in the history of cricket, averaging 99.94 and is , by some statistical measures, the greatest sportsman ever.
on 1 january 2007, it launched the ihsan al-haramain consultancy programme, providing clients with a bespoke service to select property in the holy cities for residential, commercial and investment purposes.	on 1 january 2007, it launched the ihsan al-haramain consultancy programme, providing clients with a bespoke service to select property in the cities for residential, commercial and investment purposes.
dawn french (spence school) actress and comedienne	dawn french (spence school) actress and comedian
yukiko todoroki played the ravishing female lead in sanshiro sugata who would win the heart of sanshiro in kurosawa's early film.	yukiko todoroki played the female lead in sanshiro sugata who would win the heart of sanshiro in kurosawa's early film.
forced conversions to catholicism have been documented at various points throughout history.	forced conversions to catholicism have been alleged at various points throughout history.
the dadgad tuning was used extensively by jimmy page of led zeppelin and the yardbirds in the late '60s and '70s.	the dadgad tuning was used by jimmy page of led zeppelin and the yardbirds in the late '60s and '70s.
however, the band's most controversial decision was to eliminate their traditional altar call at the end of their concerts as a concession to playing more secular venues for the tour that supported this album, leading some to unfairly accuse the band of selling out their message for greater mainstream acceptance.	however, the band's most controversial decision was to eliminate their traditional altar call at the end of their concerts as a concession to playing more secular venues for the tour that supported this album, leading some to accuse the band of selling out their message for greater mainstream acceptance.
people for the ethical treatment of algae funny parody site	people for the ethical treatment of algae parody site
part of this research benefited from the knowledge already expounded on in a book (printed in german in 1794, in czech in 1799), written by czech brewer frantiek ondej poup (ger: franz andreas paupie) (17531805) from brnn .	part of this research benefited from the knowledge already expounded on in a book (printed in german in 1794, in czech in 1799), written by czech brewer frantiek ondej poup (ger: franz andreas paupie) (17531805) from brno.
the fiber was christened qiana when introduced by dupont in 1968. initially intended for high-end fashions, it became a popular material in the 1970s for faux-silk men's shirts, displaying bold patterns.	the fiber was named qiana when introduced by dupont in 1968. initially intended for high-end fashions, it became a popular material in the 1970s for faux-silk men's shirts, displaying bold patterns.
the incident also echoes upi's senior washington correspondent helen thomas' losing her job one month earlier after her harsh remarks about israel, made in private, were published.	the incident also echoes upi's senior washington correspondent helen thomas' losing her job one month earlier after her critical remarks about israel, made in private, were published.
according to the united states census bureau, the affluent community has a total area of , of which, of it is land and of it (0.85%) is water.	according to the united states census bureau, the community has a total area of , of which, of it is land and of it (0.85%) is water.
some would argue that the money being spent on professional sports and professional althlete salaries would be better spent in other areas, such as fighting poverty.	some argue that the money being spent on professional sports and professional althlete salaries would be better spent in other areas, such as fighting poverty.
the claim by national-anarchists to find influence in these thinkers is understandably controversial.	the claim by national-anarchists to find influence in these thinkers is controversial.
david atlee phillips (october 31, 1922 july 7, 1988) was a central intelligence agency officer of 25 years and a recipient of the coveted career intelligence medal.	david atlee phillips (october 31, 1922 july 7, 1988) was a central intelligence agency officer of 25 years and a recipient of the career intelligence medal.
the original modern windex was colored a light, transparent shade of blue, but varieties are marketed today in a variety of colors (ocean fresh blue, sunshine lemon & citrus orange) and fragrances (spring bouquet, ocean mist, lavender and tea tree), touting additives such as vinegar, lemon, lime, or orange juice.	the original modern windex was colored a light, transparent shade of blue, but varieties are marketed today in a variety of colors (ocean fresh blue, sunshine lemon & citrus orange) and fragrances (spring bouquet, ocean mist, lavender and tea tree), and with a variety of additives such as vinegar, lemon, lime, or orange juice.
the song involves lavigne proclaiming a crush on a man currently with his girlfriend and features the typical pop influence and disposable pop-like sound of her earlier songs.	the song involves lavigne proclaiming a crush on a man currently with his girlfriend and features the typical pop influence and pop-like sound of her earlier songs.
the factor for judah's success in the battle is mainly attributed to abijah and his troops' fanaticism to their god.	the factor for judah's success in the battle is mainly attributed to abijah and his troops' devotion to their god.
"behar is known for snarky comments and george bush bashing during the ""hot topics"" segments."	"behar is known for sarcastic comments and george bush bashing during the ""hot topics"" segments."
the city of ariel is an illegal israeli settlement located north of the palestinian town of salfit on the west bank, in the biblical region of samaria near the ancient village of timnat serah.	the city of ariel is an israeli settlement located north of the palestinian town of salfit on the west bank, in the biblical region of samaria near the ancient village of timnat serah.
small soup bowls are used, and rich tibetans fed from bowls of gold and silver.	small soup bowls are used, and the wealthier tibetans fed from bowls of gold and silver.
according to christian mythology , jesus was resurrected from the dead on the third day from his crucifixion.	according to christian scripture , jesus was resurrected from the dead on the third day from his crucifixion.
lehi (group), a jewish/zionist terrorist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine (also known as the stern gang)	lehi (group), a jewish/zionist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine (also known as the stern gang)
martin durkin is a television producer and director, most prominently of tendentious television documentaries for channel 4 in britain.	martin durkin is a television producer and director, most prominently of television documentaries for channel 4 in britain.
in a chapter recounting the history of libertarian socialism, radical economist robin hahnel relates that thus far the period where libertarian socialism has had its greatest impact was at the end of the 19th century through the first four decades of the twentieth century.	in a chapter recounting the history of libertarian socialism, economist robin hahnel relates that thus far the period where libertarian socialism has had its greatest impact was at the end of the 19th century through the first four decades of the twentieth century.
"fantasy statue of ""radegast"" on a czech mountain radho."	"statue of ""radegast"" on a czech mountain radho."
claiming to be poe's chosen literary executor, he began a heavy campaign to harm poe's reputation which lasted until his own death eight years later.	claiming to be poe's chosen literary executor, he began a campaign to harm poe's reputation which lasted until his own death eight years later.
there was also strong colonialist sentiment within the u.s.a. the so-called theory of manifest destiny was extended very early from the mainland to cuba, and from there it was taken across the pacific.	there was also strong colonialist sentiment within the u.s.a. the theory of manifest destiny was extended very early from the mainland to cuba, and from there it was taken across the pacific.
when local farmer andy stewart won the seat for the conservative party at the 1983 election by only 637 votes, many were surprised given the large number of miners working in the constituency, who traditionally voted labour.	when local farmer andy stewart won the seat for the conservative party at the 1983 election by 637 votes, many were surprised given the large number of miners working in the constituency, who traditionally voted labour.
for the first time in recent weeks, hamas openly claimed responsibility for rocket fire.	for the first time in recent weeks, hamas claimed responsibility for rocket fire.
the fridge is a nightclub in the brixton area of south london, founded by andrew czezowski, who had run the near-legendary roxy during punk music's heyday in 1977. it was originally started in 1981, in a small club at 390 brixton lane, and in 1982 above iceland in brixton road with a radical decor that included beat-up ice boxes and (fake) dead cats hanging from its ceiling.	the fridge is a nightclub in the brixton area of south london, founded by andrew czezowski, who had run the roxy during punk music's heyday in 1977. it was originally started in 1981, in a small club at 390 brixton lane, and in 1982 above iceland in brixton road with a radical decor that included beat-up ice boxes and (fake) dead cats hanging from its ceiling.
blue and sentimental'' is an album by jazz singer iconic cleo laine, it was released in 1994	blue and sentimental'' is an album by jazz singer cleo laine, it was released in 1994
two males named nico and gasper were taken from a mexico city amusement park where they lived under a roller coaster.	two males named nico and gasper were acquired from a mexico city amusement park where they lived under a roller coaster.
i wish i had made you angry earlier (cold spring harbor laboratory press; 1998) contains a marvelous selection of his essays on science, scientists and humanity.	i wish i had made you angry earlier (cold spring harbor laboratory press; 1998) contains a selection of his essays on science, scientists and humanity.
"in a few short weeks, she gained what she called a ""treasure trove of show-boat material, human, touching, true."""	"in a few weeks, she gained what she called a ""treasure trove of show-boat material, human, touching, true."""
that phrase means that the only information of something we know so far is the title and when it comes out ( either the year or the month and year, but never the date.)	that phrase means that the only information of something most people know so far is the title and when it comes out ( either the year or the month and year, but never the date.)
in his book political parties, written in 1911, robert michels demonstrates that most representative systems deteriorate towards an oligarchy.	in his book political parties, written in 1911, robert michels argues that most representative systems deteriorate towards an oligarchy.
this unique social phenomenon was principally occasioned by the tobacco industry's masterful manipulation of the burgeoning black, urban, segregated, consumer market in cities at that time.	this unique social phenomenon was principally occasioned by the tobacco industry's manipulation of the burgeoning black, urban, segregated, consumer market in cities at that time.
the masculine pronoun is he (with derived forms him, his and himself); the feminine is she (with derived forms her, hers and herself); the neuter is it (with derived forms its and itself).	the masculine pronoun is he (with derived forms him, his and himself); the feminine is she (with derived forms her, hers and herself); the neutral is it (with derived forms its and itself).
over time and due to various factors the language of the lothians and the former kingdom of northumbria, inglis (which became modern day lowland scots) came to displace gaelic as the language of lowland scotland and adopted for itself the title of 'scots' or 'scottis' which had previously referred to gaelic — which was subsequently denigrated as 'erse' or 'irish'.	over time and due to various factors the language of the lothians and the former kingdom of northumbria, inglis (which became modern day lowland scots) came to displace gaelic as the language of lowland scotland and adopted for itself the title of 'scots' or 'scottis' which had previously referred to gaelic — which was subsequently designated as 'erse' or 'irish'.
the november 2006 beit hanoun massacre occured on november 8 2006 when the israel defense forces shelled the gaza strip town of beit hanoun, killed at least 19 palestinian civilians and wounding more than 40.	the november 2006 beit hanoun incident occured on november 8 2006 when the israel defense forces shelled the gaza strip town of beit hanoun, killed at least 19 palestinian civilians and wounding more than 40.
stevenson students have a long history of attending prestigious universities all over the united states.	stevenson students have a long history of attending universities all over the united states.
subsequently, the american journalist and activist michelangelo signorile wrote about the scandal in a front-page article in the new york gay magazine lgny, igniting a storm of controversy.	subsequently, the american journalist and activist michelangelo signorile wrote about the advertisement in a front-page article in the new york gay magazine lgny, igniting a storm of controversy.
astronomy is the scientific study of astronomical objects and phenomena, the practice of astrology is concerned with the empirical correlation of the movements of heavenly bodies (which historically involved measurement of the celestial sphere) with earthly and human affairs.	astronomy is the scientific study of astronomical objects and phenomena, the practice of astrology is concerned with the supposed correlation of the movements of heavenly bodies (which historically involved measurement of the celestial sphere) with earthly and human affairs.
unfortunately, terry fox could not finish his courageous run.	unfortunately, terry fox could not finish his run.
the song has been a sleeper hit in north america for about five months.	the song has been a hit in north america for about five months.
unfortunately many of the earlier priceless papal tiaras (most notably the tiaras of pope julius ii and that attributed to pope saint silvester) were destroyed, dismantled or seized by invaders (most notably by berthier's army in 1798), or by popes themselves; pope clement vii had all the tiaras and papal regalia melted down in 1527 to raise the 400,000 ducats ransom demanded by the occupying army of holy roman emperor charles v. over twenty silver triregnos exist, of which the earliest, the sole survivor of 1798, was made for pope gregory xiii in the sixteenth century.	many of the earlier priceless papal tiaras (most notably the tiaras of pope julius ii and that attributed to pope saint silvester) were destroyed, dismantled or seized by invaders (most notably by berthier's army in 1798), or by popes themselves; pope clement vii had all the tiaras and papal regalia melted down in 1527 to raise the 400,000 ducats ransom demanded by the occupying army of holy roman emperor charles v. over twenty silver triregnos exist, of which the earliest, the sole survivor of 1798, was made for pope gregory xiii in the sixteenth century.
jenny eclair, comedienne , novelist and actress	jenny eclair, comedian , novelist and actress
portions of lowland karabakh have been occupied by armenian forces since the nagorno-karabakh war ended in 1993 .	portions of lowland karabakh have been controlled by armenian forces since the nagorno-karabakh war ended in 1993 .
"on september 21, mattel issued an extraordinary apology to china over the recall of chinese-made toys, taking the blame for design flaws and acknowledging that ""vast majority of those products that were recalled were the result of a design flaw in mattel's design, not through a manufacturing flaw in china's manufacturers."""	"on september 21, mattel issued an apology to china over the recall of chinese-made toys, taking the blame for design flaws and acknowledging that ""vast majority of those products that were recalled were the result of a design flaw in mattel's design, not through a manufacturing flaw in china's manufacturers."""
admission to the museum is free; as of 2010, there is a modest parking fee.	admission to the museum is free; as of 2010, there is a parking fee.
fortunately , as long as the vast majority of people are vaccinated it is difficult for an outbreak of disease to spread.	however , as long as the vast majority of people are vaccinated it is difficult for an outbreak of disease to spread.
oscar chichoni (born july 14, 1957) is a renowned argentine illustrator of comic books and science fiction magazines and books.	oscar chichoni (born july 14, 1957) is a argentine illustrator of comic books and science fiction magazines and books.
two years later one of its former students won a rhodes scholarship and in 1932 one of its attending students also won the prestigious award.	two years later one of its former students won a rhodes scholarship and in 1932 one of its attending students also won the award.
jensen's infamous article on race and iq in the harvard educational review in 1969 explained that blacks had iq scores 15 points lower than those of whites and suggested that, because free public education had not diminished this difference, it was likely genetic.	jensen's article on race and iq in the harvard educational review in 1969 explained that blacks had iq scores 15 points lower than those of whites and suggested that, because free public education had not diminished this difference, it was likely genetic.
joshua's struggles have been featured by numerous media outlets and weblogs supportive of the iraq war effort.	joshua's alleged experiences have been featured by numerous media outlets and weblogs supportive of the iraq war effort.
1940), american actress, comedienne and voice artist	1940), american actress, comedian and voice artist
she is a respected historian and is a founding member of the asociacin puertorriquea de historiadores (puerto rican association of historians).	she is a historian and is a founding member of the asociacin puertorriquea de historiadores (puerto rican association of historians).
on 14 may 2014 croatia national team manager niko kova surprisingly included zelenika as a third goalkeeper on a shortlist of 30 players that would represent croatia at the 2014 fifa world cup.	on 14 may 2014 croatia national team manager niko kova included zelenika as a third goalkeeper on a shortlist of 30 players that would represent croatia at the 2014 fifa world cup.
holism in science, or holistic science, is a controversial approach to research that emphasizes the study of complex systems under the guise of science.	holism in science, or holistic science, is a approach to research that emphasizes the study of complex systems under the guise of science.
"the album features production from a variety of high-profile record producers, including executive producer and top dawg entertainment label-head anthony ""top dawg"" tiffith, sounwave, dj dahi, mike will made it and ricci riera, as well as production contributions from james blake, steve lacy, badbadnotgood, greg kurstin, the alchemist, 9th wonder, and others."	"the album features production from a variety of record producers, including executive producer and top dawg entertainment label-head anthony ""top dawg"" tiffith, sounwave, dj dahi, mike will made it and ricci riera, as well as production contributions from james blake, steve lacy, badbadnotgood, greg kurstin, the alchemist, 9th wonder, and others."
several scholars (both orthodox and non-orthodox) have shown that some of the beliefs that people popularly attribute to maimonides were, in fact, the opposite of what he held to be true.	several scholars (both orthodox and non-orthodox) have claimed that some of the beliefs that people popularly attribute to maimonides were, in fact, the opposite of what he held to be true.
some of those immoral conservatives began to do attack in speech, even creating violent rebellions or triad-society-like behaviors to approach their external political purposes.	some of those conservatives began to do attack in speech, even creating violent rebellions or triad-society-like behaviors to approach their external political purposes.
the festival brings together more than 130 bands on eight stages, including rock, country, folk, indie, americana, hip-hop, reggae, and bluegrass, and attracts a crowd of about 65,000 music-lovers each day.	the festival brings together more than 130 bands on eight stages, including rock, country, folk, indie, americana, hip-hop, reggae, and bluegrass, and attracts a crowd of about 65,000 visitors each day.
the direction of the gamma ray is completely uncorrelated with the direction of the sun .	the direction of the gamma ray is completely uncorrelated with the direction of the neutrino .
an other person, named nakoula basseley nakoula, self- confessed manager of the company that allegedly produced the film, is identified by a security official.	an other person, named nakoula basseley nakoula, self- identified manager of the company that allegedly produced the film, is identified by a security official.
the cultural and political instability attending these losses appears to have been of substantial aid in the efforts of various colonists to seize the great wealth in land and resources of which indigenous societies had customarily made use.	the cultural and political instability attending these losses appears to have been of substantial aid in the efforts of various colonists to acquire control over the great wealth in land and resources of which indigenous societies had customarily made use.
falun gong has been the focus of international controversy since the government of the people's republic of china began a nationwide suppression of falun gong on july 20, 1999. the chinese government claims to have banned the group for its illegal activities.	falun gong has been the focus of international controversy since the government of the people's republic of china began a nationwide suppression of falun gong on july 20, 1999. the chinese government claims to have banned the group for alleged illegal activities.
it is, essentially, one long persuasive essay against the fast food industry.	it is, essentially, one long detailed essay against the fast food industry.
amy schumer, comedienne and contestant on last comic standing	amy schumer, comedian and contestant on last comic standing
although he had been a member of the danish nazi party since the late 1930s, his private medical career only began to suffer after the german-occupation during world war ii as he came to be considered a collaborator in his native country.	although he had been a member of the danish nazi party since the late 1930s, his private medical career only began to be affected after the german-occupation during world war ii as he came to be considered a collaborator in his native country.
astronomer sir fred hoyle did so based on the probability of abiogenesis actually occurring.	astronomer sir fred hoyle did so based on the probability of abiogenesis randomly occurring.
he came from a wealthy municipal family of the roman equestrian order, and was one of rome's greatest orators and prose stylists.	he came from a wealthy municipal family of the roman equestrian order, and is regarded as one of rome's greatest orators and prose stylists.
the violinists who have obtained the coveted acknowledgement are dora swartzberg, usa, winner of the first edition in 1979, luca fanfoni, italy (1988), silvia simionescu, romania, (1990) gabriele pieranunzi, italy (1993), anton sokorow, russia, (1999) and alexis nagovitsyn, russia, (2001) who was the winner of the last edition which took place in the year 2001 and who died tragically a few days after his performance in brescia.	the violinists who have obtained the acknowledgement are dora swartzberg, usa, winner of the first edition in 1979, luca fanfoni, italy (1988), silvia simionescu, romania, (1990) gabriele pieranunzi, italy (1993), anton sokorow, russia, (1999) and alexis nagovitsyn, russia, (2001) who was the winner of the last edition which took place in the year 2001 and who died tragically a few days after his performance in brescia.
the society's magazine , the journal of scientific exploration, was established to provide a scientific forum for ufology, parapsychology and cryptozoology, having published research articles, essays, book reviews and letters on those and many other topics that are largely ignored in mainstream journals.	the society's peer reviewed scientific journal , the journal of scientific exploration, was established to provide a scientific forum for ufology, parapsychology and cryptozoology, having published research articles, essays, book reviews and letters on those and many other topics that are largely ignored in mainstream journals.
only in 2005, after republicans picked up four more seats in the senate during the 109th congress was her nomination again considered.	in 2005, after republicans picked up four more seats in the senate during the 109th congress was her nomination again considered.
he directed himesh reshammiya's flop film karzzz (2008).	he directed himesh reshammiya's film karzzz (2008).
she is the illegitimate daughter of the actors clark gable and loretta young.	she is the daughter of the actors clark gable and loretta young.
the republican party, led by house republican minority whip newt gingrich campaigning on a contract with america, were elected to majorities to both houses of congress in the republican revolution of 1994. their majorities were generally held until the democrats regained control in the mid-term election of 2006. in the 21st century the republican party is defined by social conservatism, an aggressive foreign policy to defeat terrorism and promote global democracy, a more robust executive branch, tax cuts, and deregulation and subsidization of industry.	the republican party, led by house republican minority whip newt gingrich campaigning on a contract with america, were elected to majorities to both houses of congress in the republican revolution of 1994. their majorities were generally held until the democrats regained control in the mid-term election of 2006. in the 21st century the republican party is defined by social conservatism, an aggressive foreign policy to defeat terrorism and promote global democracy, a more powerful executive branch, tax cuts, and deregulation and subsidization of industry.
in the advertisement, a jittery man in his late twenties speaks to the camera about his pride in the republican party's past, before admitting that he is frightened by republican nominee barry goldwater.	in the advertisement, a man in his late twenties speaks to the camera about his pride in the republican party's past, before admitting that he is frightened by republican nominee barry goldwater.
mirko won the grand prix by winning a dubious decision over jarrell miller in the quarter-finals, and beating pavel zhuravlev and ismael londt in the semi-finals and finals respectively.	mirko won the grand prix by winning a decision over jarrell miller in the quarter-finals, and beating pavel zhuravlev and ismael londt in the semi-finals and finals respectively.
a regional lockout (or region coding) is a class of digital restrictions management preventing the use of a certain product or service, such as multimedia or a hardware device, outside of a certain region or territory.	a regional lockout (or region coding) is a class of digital rights management preventing the use of a certain product or service, such as multimedia or a hardware device, outside of a certain region or territory.
xuefei jin (; born february 21, 1956) is a contemporary chinese-american poet and novelist using the pen name ha jin .	xuefei jin (; born february 21, 1956) is a chinese-american poet and novelist using the pen name ha jin .
economist robert barro believes that the keynesian multiplier is close to one .	economist robert barro believes that the keynesian multiplier is close to zero .
according to david albright, of the institute for science and international security, the archive revealed that iran's weapon program was more advanced than believed previously in the west and that should iran pull out of the jcpoa it would be able to produce weapons swiftly, possibly within a few months.	according to david albright, of the institute for science and international security, the archive said that iran's weapon program was more advanced than believed previously in the west and that should iran pull out of the jcpoa it would be able to produce weapons swiftly, possibly within a few months.
as of late, the colonies of mankind have been under attack by mysterious and violent aliens called the xenites and it is finally time for darrian to engage them.	as of late, the colonies of humankind have been under attack by mysterious and violent aliens called the xenites and it is finally time for darrian to engage them.
riht| riot police in toledo, oh prepare to move against anti-nazi protesters on 15 october 2005	riht| riot police in toledo, oh prepare to move against protesters on 15 october 2005
this model has been rejected by scientists and old earth creationists.	this model has been rejected by the scientific consensus and old earth creationists.
the crimean agricultural industry fully overcame the consequences of blocking the north crimean canal and crop yields grew by a factor of 1.5 from 2013 .	according to official russian statistics crimean agricultural industry fully overcame the consequences of blocking the north crimean canal and crop yields grew by a factor of 1.5 from 2013 .
a knarr is a type of norse merchant ship famously used by the vikings.	a knarr is a type of norse merchant ship used by the vikings.
timothys shrewd campaign was a success and he was persuaded once more to come back to team may full-time.	timothys campaign was a success and he was persuaded once more to come back to team may full-time.
spray is a 21st century synthpop duo from england, starring jenny mclaren and ricardo autobahn.	spray is a 21st century synthpop duo from england, consisting of jenny mclaren and ricardo autobahn.
some, including the national organization for women (now), generally discounted the issue as unimportant and depicted sacks as hypocritical, alleging he publicizes so-called anti-women views in his radio broadcasts.	some, including the national organization for women (now), generally discounted the issue as unimportant and depicted sacks as hypocritical, alleging he publicizes anti-women views in his radio broadcasts.
but perhaps nothing illustrates the absurd contrast between raynor's international profile and his english one better than the fact that during his career he managed juventus and, later, found work as a manager with skegness town.	but perhaps nothing illustrates the contrast between raynor's international profile and his english one better than the fact that during his career he managed juventus and, later, found work as a manager with skegness town.
due to an economic and technologic lag effected on estonia by the soviet rule , cp/m based 8-bit computer systems were not yet a rare sight in estonian schools in the middle of the 1990s.	due to an economic and technologic lag effected on estonia by the soviet occupation , cp/m based 8-bit computer systems were not yet a rare sight in estonian schools in the middle of the 1990s.
it was bought on january 24 2008 by bollywood mega-star shahrukh khan's red chillies entertainment in partnership with juhi chawla, jay mehta.	it was bought on january 24 2008 by bollywood actor shahrukh khan's red chillies entertainment in partnership with juhi chawla, jay mehta.
rickmansworth is a small charming town in a leafy shire suburb with a wide range of leisure activities, amenities and good quality schools.	rickmansworth is a small town in a leafy shire suburb with a wide range of leisure activities, amenities and good quality schools.
the unification church is a controversial new religious movement started by sun myung moon in korea in the 1940s.	the unification church is a new religious movement started by sun myung moon in korea in the 1940s.
the palestinian art scene has also been enriched by the contributions of palestinian citizens of israel.	the palestinian art scene has also been enriched by the contributions of arab citizens of israel.
dennis the menace was a television series based on the popular comic strip, which aired from 1959 to 1963 on cbs.	dennis the menace was a television series based on the comic strip, which aired from 1959 to 1963 on cbs.
the british forces entered shanivar wada on 17 november and the union flag was hoisted by the notorious british spy balaji pant natu.	the british forces entered shanivar wada on 17 november and the union flag was hoisted by the british spy balaji pant natu.
honor blackman, notable for her appearances in the james bond film goldfinger and the tv series the avengers, was born in plaistow, as were actors jimmy akingbola, ron pember and roberta taylor and comedienne , actress and playwright andi osho.	honor blackman, notable for her appearances in the james bond film goldfinger and the tv series the avengers, was born in plaistow, as were actors jimmy akingbola, ron pember and roberta taylor and comedian , actress and playwright andi osho.
comedienne /singer cessy casanova, whose father and brother have been guitarron players with vargas de tecalitlan, was born and raised here.	comedian /singer cessy casanova, whose father and brother have been guitarron players with vargas de tecalitlan, was born and raised here.
he is voice-acted superbly by jim cummings.	he is voice-acted by jim cummings.
"keynes incorrectly stated says law as ""supply creates its own demand"" thus making his effort at dismissing the concept somewhat easier."	"keynes stated says law as ""supply creates its own demand"" thus making his effort at dismissing the concept somewhat easier."
innocent viii, in his papal bull summis desiderantes (5 december, 1484) instigated very severe measures against magicians and witches in germany; the principles enunciated by him were afterwards embodied in the malleus maleficarum (1487).	innocent viii, in his papal bull summis desiderantes (5 december, 1484) instigated severe measures against magicians and witches in germany; the principles enunciated by him were afterwards embodied in the malleus maleficarum (1487).
christian scholars generally hold that jesus was a jewish galilean preacher and healer who was at odds with the jewish religious authorities (sadducees and pharisees), and who was crucified outside of jerusalem during the rule of the roman governor pontius pilate.	scholars generally hold that jesus was a jewish galilean preacher and healer who was at odds with the jewish religious authorities (sadducees and pharisees), and who was crucified outside of jerusalem during the rule of the roman governor pontius pilate.
spiritual ecstasy is an altered state of consciousness characterized by greatly reduced external awareness and expanded interior mental and spiritual awareness which is frequently accompanied by hallucinations and emotional/intuitive (and sometimes physical) euphoria.	spiritual ecstasy is an altered state of consciousness characterized by greatly reduced external awareness and expanded interior mental and spiritual awareness which is frequently accompanied by visions and emotional/intuitive (and sometimes physical) euphoria.
lualua's son tragically died of a mysterious illness on january 20th 2006 while he was away on african nations cup duty.	lualua's son died of a mysterious illness on january 20th 2006 while he was away on african nations cup duty.
the bland show is partly intended to fill the public service remit of the bbc's broadcasting licence, as well as its sunday morning religious quota.	the show is partly intended to fill the public service remit of the bbc's broadcasting licence, as well as its sunday morning religious quota.
fideists acknowledge that belief in the existence of god may not be amenable to demonstration or refutation, but rests on faith alone.	fideists maintain that belief in the existence of god may not be amenable to demonstration or refutation, but rests on faith alone.
vivien leigh (november 5 1913 – july 8 1967) was an iconic english actress.	vivien leigh (november 5 1913 – july 8 1967) was an english actress.
"on the weather channel, before she became a on camera meteorologist, she was just a reporter and fill-in from 2003-2006. then in 2006, she became co-host of ""abrams and bettes: beyond the forecast"" and then went on to ""weather center"", also with co-host mike bettes."	"on the weather channel, before she became a on camera meteorologist, she was a reporter and fill-in from 2003-2006. then in 2006, she became co-host of ""abrams and bettes: beyond the forecast"" and then went on to ""weather center"", also with co-host mike bettes."
judy carne, 76, british actress and comedienne (rowan & martin's laugh-in), pneumonia.	judy carne, 76, british actress and comedian (rowan & martin's laugh-in), pneumonia.
"in early 2006, after an exercise involving just eight f-22s in nevada in nov. 2005, lieutenant colonel jim hecker, commander of the 27th fighter squadron (fs) at langley afb, virginia, commented to jane's defence weekly (jan. 18, 2006), ""we killed 33 non-modernized f-15cs and didn't suffer a single loss."	"in early 2006, after an exercise involving just eight f-22s in nevada in nov. 2005, lieutenant colonel jim hecker, commander of the 27th fighter squadron (fs) at langley afb, virginia, commented to jane's defence weekly (jan. 18, 2006), ""we killed 33 f-15cs and didn't suffer a single loss."
a swarm of angels (asoa) is a groundbreaking collaborative film project, whose aim is to make the worlds first internet-funded, crewed and distributed feature film.	a swarm of angels (asoa) is a collaborative film project, whose aim is to make the worlds first internet-funded, crewed and distributed feature film.
the spanish colonization of the americas was spain's greatest conquest, settlement, and rule over much of the western hemisphere.	the spanish colonization of the americas was spain's conquest, settlement, and rule over much of the western hemisphere.
he hypothesizes that the main themes in the paintings and other artifacts (powerful beasts, risky hunting scenes and the representation of women in the venus figurines) are the fantasies of adolescent males, who constituted a large part of the human population at the time.	he hypothesizes that the main themes in the paintings and other artifacts (powerful beasts, risky hunting scenes and the representation of women in the venus figurines) are the work of adolescent males, who constituted a large part of the human population at the time.
sherrie hewson (born sherrie lynn hutchinson, 17 september 1950) is an english actress and television presenter.	sherrie hewson (born sherrie lynn hutchinson, 17 september 1950) is an english actor and television presenter.
"in the period between 1923-1949, more than 700 local churches arose with an attendance of more than 70,000. during the chinese communist takeover, these ""assemblies"" formed the core behind the house municipalities."	"in the period between 1923-1949, more than 700 local churches were created with an attendance of more than 70,000. during the chinese communist takeover, these ""assemblies"" formed the core behind the house municipalities."
several arguments justified this step backward .	several arguments justified this step.
until , many anthropologists had doubts that the canoe-legends described a deliberate migration, preferring to believe that the migration occurred accidentally when seafarers became lost and drifted to uninhabited shores.	until , many anthropologists had doubts that the canoe-legends described a deliberate migration, tending to believe that the migration occurred accidentally when seafarers became lost and drifted to uninhabited shores.
canadians from every region outside quebec, non-francophone quebecers (62 per cent), francophone canadians outside quebec (77 per cent) all resoundingly rejected the idea.	canadians from every region outside quebec, non-francophone quebecers (62 per cent), francophone canadians outside quebec (77 per cent) all rejected the idea.
the film was produced and directed by frank holmes, a pioneering manitoban filmmaker.	the film was produced and directed by frank holmes, a manitoban filmmaker.
on november 8, 1986 the blue angels completed their 40th anniversary year during ceremonies unveiling their present aircraft, the sleek mcdonnell douglas f/a-18 hornet, the first multi-role fighter/attack aircraft.	on november 8, 1986 the blue angels completed their 40th anniversary year during ceremonies unveiling their present aircraft, the mcdonnell douglas f/a-18 hornet, the first multi-role fighter/attack aircraft.
in modern india, many brahmins claim to have experienced reverse discrimination.	in modern india, brahmins claim to have experienced reverse discrimination.
people from all over the world visit the beautiful sites to hike, camp, or engage in mountain sports.	people from all over the world visit the sites to hike, camp, or engage in mountain sports.
she plays the role of rikki in the network ten show h2o: just add water.	she co-stars as the role of rikki in the network ten show h2o: just add water.
"in her new role she sailed her maiden voyage on 27 february 1968 and delighted school children, their teachers, passengers and crew for 14 years cruising mainly scandinavia and the mediterranean, together with her company consort until 1974 when nevasa was withdrawn and scrapped - uganda (known as the ""ugtug"" in the crew bar) ploughed on."	"in her new role she sailed her maiden voyage on 27 february 1968 and carried school children, their teachers, passengers and crew for 14 years cruising mainly scandinavia and the mediterranean, together with her company consort until 1974 when nevasa was withdrawn and scrapped - uganda (known as the ""ugtug"" in the crew bar) ploughed on."
this article deals with actions by militant zionist groups, before and after israel's establishment that critics have categorized as terrorist acts.	this article deals with actions by militant zionist groups, before and after israel's establishment that detractors have categorized as terrorist acts.
altrincham never made another serious push for the title and were deservedly relegated to the northern premier league in 1997. they won that division title two years later, only to go back down again after just one season.	altrincham never made another serious push for the title and were relegated to the northern premier league in 1997. they won that division title two years later, only to go back down again after just one season.
a self-made millionaire, gibson was born in middlesbrough and was raised in the tough park end area of the town.	a self-made millionaire, gibson was born in middlesbrough and was raised in the park end area of the town.
google executive sergey brin said that by offering social communications, buzz would help bridge the gap between work and leisure, but the service and its rollout have been strongly criticized for ignoring privacy concerns.	google executive sergey brin said that by offering social communications, buzz would help bridge the gap between work and leisure, but the service and its rollout have been strongly criticized for not taking sufficient account of privacy concerns.
fox has admitted that he faked his appearance before a congressional committee looking into stem cell research in 1998 by not taking his medication.	fox has admitted that he enhanced the effects of the disease during his appearance before a congressional committee looking into stem cell research in 1998 by not taking his medication.
the village has a good selection of local shops and businesses, healthcare services, a primary school and varied outdoor facilities.	the village has a selection of local shops and businesses, healthcare services, a primary school and varied outdoor facilities.
chester a. arthur was known to be comfortable enough in latin and greek to converse with other gentlemen who knew the languages.	chester a. arthur was known to be comfortable enough in latin and greek to converse with other men who knew the languages.
ayn rand's philosophy of objectivism.	ayn rand's philosophy , which she calls objectivism.
their efforts have been aimed at ensuring fair trial for former iraqi president saddam hussein and restoring the rule of law after the u.s. government's illegal invasion of iraq..	their efforts have been aimed at ensuring fair trial for former iraqi president saddam hussein and restoring the rule of law after the u.s. government's invasion of iraq..
defending the missionary sisters of st. charles against a strip club that moved in behind their convent, allegedly causing harm and disruption.	filing suit on behalf of the missionary sisters of st. charles against a strip club that moved in behind their convent, allegedly causing harm and disruption.
the students have performed extremly well in various national and international moot court competition, the most notable being the victory of a team at the susan j. ferrell inter-cultural human rights moot court competition conducted by the st. thomas university, florida, in january 2007. the team comprising of anil raj ('07), gauarav solanki ('07), reshma khan ('08), kunal mehta ('08) and riddhi sancheti ('09) secured the first position and also the second best memorial prize.	the students have performed well in various national and international moot court competition, the most notable being the victory of a team at the susan j. ferrell inter-cultural human rights moot court competition conducted by the st. thomas university, florida, in january 2007. the team comprising of anil raj ('07), gauarav solanki ('07), reshma khan ('08), kunal mehta ('08) and riddhi sancheti ('09) secured the first position and also the second best memorial prize.
truthers primarily focus on what they claim are significant inconsistencies in that explanation, suggesting a cover-up and, at the least, complicity by insiders.	truthers primarily focus on what they say are significant inconsistencies in that explanation, suggesting a cover-up and, at the least, complicity by insiders.
the advertisement complained that the children of the us president receive special protection by armed agents of the us secret service.	the advertisement called obama a hypocrite for not supporting armed guards in schools while noting that the children of the us president receive special protection by armed agents of the us secret service.
from late 1939 to early 1941, in a series of campaigns and treaties, germany conquered or subdued much of continental europe; amid nazi-soviet agreements, the ostensibly neutral soviet union fully or partially occupied and annexed territories of its six european neighbours.	from late 1939 to early 1941, in a series of campaigns and treaties, germany conquered or subdued much of continental europe; amid nazi-soviet agreements, the nominally neutral soviet union fully or partially occupied and annexed territories of its six european neighbours.
cappuccino is an open source application development framework for developing web applications that look and feel like desktop applications on mac os x. cappuccino was developed by university of southern california graduates francisco tolmasky, tom robinson and ross boucher, who are also the three founders of 280 north, inc. it is primarily targeted towards high-end web applications developers.	cappuccino is an open source application development framework for developing web applications that look and feel like desktop applications on mac os x. cappuccino was developed by university of southern california graduates francisco tolmasky, tom robinson and ross boucher, who are also the three founders of 280 north, inc. it is primarily targeted towards web applications developers.
burris lead the inaugural season of the redblacks to a pitiful 2-16 record.	burris lead the inaugural season of the redblacks to a 2-16 record.
their last television appearance was jobbing to rob van dam and kane on monday night raw on may 12, 2003. hawk passed away just months later.	their last television appearance was losing to rob van dam and kane on monday night raw on may 12, 2003. hawk passed away just months later.
on july 24, 2014, government accountability office audit correctly predicted that sls would not launch by the end of 2017 as originally planned since nasa had not receiving sufficient funding.	on july 24, 2014, government accountability office audit predicted that sls would not launch by the end of 2017 as originally planned since nasa had not receiving sufficient funding.
"in this translation, bin laden appears to display knowledge of the timing of the actual attack a few days in advance and admits asking each of the attackers ""to go america"" for a ""martyrdom operation."""	"in this translation, bin laden appears to display knowledge of the timing of the actual attack a few days in advance and mentions asking each of the attackers ""to go america"" for a ""martyrdom operation."""
it was intended as a direct competitor for the new generation of american fighters (which emerged as the f-14 tomcat, f-15 eagle, f-16 fighting falcon, and f/a-18 hornet), with exceptional range, heavy armament, and very high agility.	it was intended as a direct competitor for the new generation of american fighters (which emerged as the f-14 tomcat, f-15 eagle, f-16 fighting falcon, and f/a-18 hornet), with long range, heavy armament, and very high agility.
wolfe himself earned a phd.	wolfe had earned a phd.
the allies made a self-conscious decision to carry out war crimes trials, and to set up the marshall plan for the economic exploitation (in the end they earned much more money than they invested) of europe, rather than to simply executing their enemies, and imposing reparations on the german people.	the allies made a self-conscious decision to carry out war crimes trials, and to set up the marshall plan for the economic restructuring (in the end they earned much more money than they invested) of europe, rather than to simply executing their enemies, and imposing reparations on the german people.
"(this was conveyed beautifully in ""little problems"", at the end, when everyone had left the wedding reception and del was standing all on his own, holding the groom from the wedding cake)."	"(this was conveyed in ""little problems"", at the end, when everyone had left the wedding reception and del was standing all on his own, holding the groom from the wedding cake)."
2002 - on 18 july over 300 townswomen put on their finery to celebrate the queen's golden jubilee in the company of the princess royal at the breathtaking botanical gardens in birmingham.	2002 - on 18 july over 300 townswomen put on their finery to celebrate the queen's golden jubilee in the company of the princess royal at the botanical gardens in birmingham.
everything2's strength is in its lack of an enforced neutral point of view.	everything2's weakness is in its lack of an enforced neutral point of view.
lim has received top awards at various prestigious competitions.	lim has received top awards at various competitions.
which comprehensively and methodically demolished the british government's reasons for not formally recognizing the armenian genocide.	which comprehensively and methodically countered the british government's reasons for not formally recognizing the armenian genocide.
interestingly oxford, michigan is the only city twinned with oxford which is not a university city, but a twin of the city to uphold the codes of namesake.	oxford, michigan is the only city twinned with oxford which is not a university city, but a twin of the city to uphold the codes of namesake.
ben is now happily married to fleur folds and they live in nashville with their children.	ben is now married to fleur folds and they live in nashville with their children.
ethics, morality and philosophy: wisdom of repugnance -- argument from ignorance	ethics, morality and philosophy: wisdom of repugnance -- argument from incredulity
"lieberman has been one of the senate's most consistent supporters of israel, an advocate of the iraq war, and a defender of the united states' use of torture techniques against ""enemy combatants""."	"lieberman has been one of the senate's most consistent supporters of israel, an advocate of the iraq war, and a defender of the united states' use of aggressive interrogation techniques against ""enemy combatants""."
he was the son of abd-al-uzza ibn qusai and the father of khuwaylid ibn asad who was the father of khadijah bint khuwaylid who was the wife of prophet muhammad.	he was the son of abd-al-uzza ibn qusai and the father of khuwaylid ibn asad who was the father of khadijah bint khuwaylid who was the wife of muhammad.
subsequently, the group appeared in the 1978 movie grease, and from 1977 to 1982, the group reached perhaps the height of its success with its own hit syndicated television show sha na na, featuring guests such as james brown, the legendary punk rock band the ramones, and musicians such as chuck berry, little richard, bo diddley, the ronettes, and chubby checker.	subsequently, the group appeared in the 1978 movie grease, and from 1977 to 1982, the group reached perhaps the height of its success with its own hit syndicated television show sha na na, featuring guests such as james brown, the punk rock band the ramones, and musicians such as chuck berry, little richard, bo diddley, the ronettes, and chubby checker.
"roesgen concluded the interview with, ""i think you get the general tenor of this."	"speaking over the noisy crowd, she concluded the interview with, ""i think you get the general tenor of this."
on 13 august, a youth was killed in pulwama firing, while 3 soldiers were also injured on loc in indian administered kashmir.	on 13 august, a youth was killed in pulwama firing, while 3 soldiers were also injured on loc in indian state of jammu and kashmir .
this philosophy was known by the so-called church fathers such as origen, irenaeus, and tertullian.	this philosophy was known by the church fathers such as origen, irenaeus, and tertullian .
the growing in farm attacks has been linked to increasingly anti-white hate speech, particularly from the ruling communist party african national congress.	the growing in farm attacks has been linked to increasingly anti-white hate speech, particularly from the ruling party african national congress .
during the homestead strike, the arrival, on july 6, 1892, of a force of 300 pinkerton detectives from new york and chicago, who were called in by carnegie steel's henry clay frick to protect the pittsburgh area mill and scabs , resulted in a fire fight and siege in which 16 men were killed (7 pinkertons and 9 strikers); to restore order two brigades of the pennsylvania militia were called out by the governor.	during the homestead strike, the arrival, on july 6, 1892, of a force of 300 pinkerton detectives from new york and chicago, who were called in by carnegie steel's henry clay frick to protect the pittsburgh area mill and strikebreakers , resulted in a fire fight and siege in which 16 men were killed (7 pinkertons and 9 strikers); to restore order two brigades of the pennsylvania militia were called out by the governor.
petty apartheid: sign on durban beach in english, afrikaans and zulu	example of segregation during apartheid: sign on durban beach in english, afrikaans and zulu
occasionally, canadian usage omits the definite article with the word hospital after to or in, as in britain .	occasionally, canadian usage omits the definite article with the word hospital after to or in, as in english speaking countries outside north america .
arnona is an upscale neighborhood in southern jerusalem, israel situated between the neighborhoods of talpiot and ramat rachel.	arnona is an upscale neighborhood in southern jerusalem, situated between the neighborhoods of talpiot and ramat rachel.
one of the more interesting physical features of this species is its external genitalia.	one of the more peculiar physical features of this species is its external genitalia.
during his stint as a member of the suns, barkley was particularly controversial and outspoken.	during his stint as a member of the suns, barkley was controversial and outspoken.
"in this game it is the ""woman"" who has to overcome various obstacles to have hot sex with ""custer""who this time is the one tied to the post."	"in this game it is the ""woman"" who has to overcome various obstacles to have sex with ""custer""who this time is the one tied to the post."
the organization is now accused of being a front group for the psl, although even some critics say that the psl plays a more open and less controlling role in answer than the wwp initially did.	the organization is now accused of being a front group for the psl, although some critics say that the psl plays a more open and less controlling role in answer than the wwp initially did.
"the term ""palestinian territory"" is often obfuscated for political reasons by supporters of israel and other zionists — centrally that israel naturally does not want to unilaterally compromise its own interests by politically legitimizing any palestinian claims to land within the boundaries of israel."	"the term ""palestinian territory"" is often avoided for political reasons by supporters of israel and other zionists — centrally that israel naturally does not want to unilaterally compromise its own interests by politically legitimizing any palestinian claims to land within the boundaries of israel."
through the specialised and efficient germanos retail network in greece, bulgaria, romania and fyrom , cosmote has significantly enhanced its commercial presence in se europe, coming even closer to its customers.	through the specialised and efficient germanos retail network in greece, bulgaria, romania and the republic of macedonia , cosmote has significantly enhanced its commercial presence in se europe, coming even closer to its customers.
it was released on november 13, 2015, exactly 22 years after criss oliva's tragic death.	it was released on november 13, 2015, exactly 22 years after criss oliva's death.
actress and comedienne luba goy, singer gloria kaye, and painter william kurelek, for example, are well known outside the ukrainian community.	actress and comedian luba goy, singer gloria kaye, and painter william kurelek, for example, are well known outside the ukrainian community.
schmorrows main passion at darpa was the augmented cognition (augcog) program.	schmorrows main focus at darpa was the augmented cognition (augcog) program.
her most famous novel, painting their portraits in winter: stories, explores mexican stories and traditions from a feminist lens.	her most well known novel, painting their portraits in winter: stories, explores mexican stories and traditions from a feminist lens.
when the lights were turned back on, lombardi was seen openly crying , a not unfamiliar occurence .	when the lights were turned back on, lombardi was seen crying , a not unfamiliar occurence .
boyle also caused controversy with his 'frankie boyle live' dvd, which included offensive jokes based around the kidnapping of shannon matthews.	boyle also caused controversy with his 'frankie boyle live' dvd, which included jokes based around the kidnapping of shannon matthews.
this elegant example of a modern set was created by ve6ab	this example of a modern set was created by ve6ab
"the use of performance-enhancing drugs in sport is commonly referred to by the disparaging term ""doping"", particularly by those organizations that regulate competitions."	"the use of performance-enhancing drugs in sport is commonly referred to by the term ""doping"", particularly by those organizations that regulate competitions."
in a later interview, king admitted that, being on parole, he feared apprehension and being returned to prison for parole violations.	in a later interview, king said that, being on parole, he feared apprehension and being returned to prison for parole violations.
simcha zissel settled in brooklyn, new york where he married the daughter of rabbi naftali carlebach and sister of the famous musician rabbi shlomo carlebach	simcha zissel settled in brooklyn, new york where he married the daughter of rabbi naftali carlebach and sister of the musician rabbi shlomo carlebach
the cooked mushroom has a pleasant, firm, slightly crunchy texture and a delicious slightly nutty flavor.	the cooked mushroom has a pleasant, firm, slightly crunchy texture and a slightly nutty flavor.
it was opened on june 1, 2003 after three years of careful reconstruction work.	it was opened on june 1, 2003 after three years of reconstruction work.
whoopi goldberg is an american actress, comedienne and singer.	whoopi goldberg is an american actress, comedian and singer.
dinosaurs were vertebrate animals that first appeared on earth approximately 230 million years ago, according to the scientific interpretation of the global fossil record and data obtained through methods such as radiometric dating.	dinosaurs were vertebrate animals that first appeared on earth approximately 230 million years ago, according to the scientific analysis of the global fossil record and data obtained through methods such as radiometric dating.
arachne (julia carpenter, ne cornwall), formerly known as spider-woman, is a fictional character and a superhero ine in the marvel comics universe.	arachne (julia carpenter, ne cornwall), formerly known as spider-woman, is a fictional character and a superhero in the marvel comics universe.
the branning family are a fictional family in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	the branning family are a fictional family in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
prominent public intellectual dr. cornel west commenced a promising academic career at uts in 1977. as liberalism lost ground to orthodoxy after the 1960s, uts ran into financial difficulties, and shrank significantly.	prominent public intellectual dr. cornel west commenced a promising academic career at uts in 1977. as liberalism lost ground to conservatism after the 1960s, uts ran into financial difficulties, and shrank significantly.
the hotel's restaurants at the 35th floor were for many years admired for their spectacular views, which melburnians could enjoy for free by a visit to the public toilets on that floor.	the hotel's restaurants at the 35th floor were for many years admired for their views, which melburnians could enjoy for free by a visit to the public toilets on that floor.
tied to an altar, she is offered to kong, who turns out to be a giant gorilla .	tied to an altar, she is offered to kong, who turns out to be a giant ape .
government -owned cantv blocked images on twitter for a short time, twitter spokesman nu wexler confirmed this but cantv denied these accusations saying that they did not have control since twitter servers are out of their hands.	publicly -owned cantv blocked images on twitter for a short time, twitter spokesman nu wexler confirmed this but cantv denied these accusations saying that they did not have control since twitter servers are out of their hands.
"franklin sherman, co-editor of the prestigious 55 volume american edition of luther's works states that luther's writings against the jews are not ""merely a set of cool, calm and collected theological judgments."	"franklin sherman, co-editor of the 55 volume american edition of luther's works states that luther's writings against the jews are not ""merely a set of cool, calm and collected theological judgments."
his elder brother cornelius vanderbilt iii married grace wilson against his parents wishes, and the second son alfred died tragically when the rms lusitania sank on may 7, 1915, so reginald was left as his parents' logical successor.	his elder brother cornelius vanderbilt iii married grace wilson against his parents wishes, and the second son alfred died when the rms lusitania sank on may 7, 1915, so reginald was left as his parents' logical successor.
the film received generally positive reviews, with mcavoy's performance earning high praise and some critics labeling it a welcome return to form for shyamalan, although some criticized the film for its extreme stigmatization of mental illness.	the film received generally positive reviews, with mcavoy's performance earning high praise and some critics labeling it a welcome return to form for shyamalan, although some criticized the film for its perceived stigmatization of mental illness.
it suggests the assad government sends a menacing message to the turkish government from the danger it might face in case of any hostile move.	it suggests the syrian government sends a menacing message to the turkish government from the danger it might face in case of any hostile move.
gun rights advocates such as congressman john dingell, gun law litigator stephen halbrook, nra leaders charlton heston and wayne lapierre, jfpo leader aaron zelman and others in the international debate on gun control have argued that nazi party policies and laws were an enabling factor in the holocaust that prevented its victims from implementing an effective resistance.	gun rights advocates such as congressman john dingell, gun law litigator stephen halbrook, nra leaders charlton heston and wayne lapierre, jfpo leader aaron zelman and others in the us debate on gun control have argued that nazi party policies and laws were an enabling factor in the holocaust that prevented its victims from implementing an effective resistance.
appearances of cannabis in the holy bible	appearances of cannabis in the bible
the drug is highly effective, as high doses can cause fetal death and uterine rupture.	the drug is highly effective, although high doses can cause fetal death and uterine rupture.
k9copy is a free, open source dvd backup and dvd authoring program for unix-like operating systems such as gnu/ linux and bsd.	k9copy is a free, open source dvd backup and dvd authoring program for unix-like operating systems such as linux and bsd.
on clear days the summit provides spectacular views of much of the san francisco bay area.	on clear days the summit provides views of much of the san francisco bay area.
"richard ""rick"" peterson (better known by his nickname, minty) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by cliff parisi."	"richard ""rick"" peterson (better known by his nickname, minty) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by cliff parisi."
the genesis creation myth is the biblical account of the beginnings of the earth, life, and humanity as found in the first two chapters of the biblical book of genesis.	the genesis creation story is the biblical account of the beginnings of the earth, life, and humanity as found in the first two chapters of the biblical book of genesis.
the album peaked at #11 in british charts.	the album peaked at #11 in uk charts.
the area is named after sir herbert cory, former conservative mp of cardiff and one of the cory baronets, coal mining and ship owning capitalists .	the area is named after sir herbert cory, former conservative mp of cardiff and one of the cory baronets, coal mining and ship owning industrialists .
indymedia was founded as an alternative to government and corporate-sponsored media, and seeks to facilitate people being able to publish their media as directly as possible.	indymedia was founded as an alternative to government and mainstream media, and seeks to facilitate people being able to publish their media as directly as possible.
the gardens are an impressive example of non-traditional vernacular architecture.	the gardens are an example of non-traditional vernacular architecture.
in all cases, clothing should not be overly tight because the church condemns the wearing of clothes that degrades one's body and make one into a sexual object.	in all cases, clothing should not be overly tight because the church condemns the wearing of clothes that flaunt one's body and make one into a sexual object.
"hurricane katrina: senator and former first lady hillary clinton calls for a ""9/11 style inquiry"" into the u.s. federal government's ineffective response to the hurricane."	"hurricane katrina: senator and former first lady hillary clinton calls for a ""9/11 style inquiry"" into the u.s. federal government's response to the hurricane."
skilling is the younger brother of tom skilling, the popular chief meteorologist of wgn-tv (channel 9) in chicago, illinois.	skilling is the younger brother of tom skilling, the chief meteorologist of wgn-tv (channel 9) in chicago, illinois.
"in his authoritative work of law the mishneh torah (hilkhot melakhim 11:1012), maimonides claims that nevertheless muhammad was part of god's plan of preparing the world for the coming of the jewish messiah: ""all those words of jesus of nazareth and of this ishmaelite i.e., muhammad who arose after him are only to make straight the path for the messianic king and to prepare the whole world to serve the lord together."	"in his work of law the mishneh torah (hilkhot melakhim 11:1012), maimonides claims that nevertheless muhammad was part of god's plan of preparing the world for the coming of the jewish messiah: ""all those words of jesus of nazareth and of this ishmaelite i.e., muhammad who arose after him are only to make straight the path for the messianic king and to prepare the whole world to serve the lord together."
the main focus of these groups is aimed at both reducing levels of gun ownership and reducing the number of firearm-related deaths in australia.	the main focus of these groups is aimed at tightening firearm controls - e.gl, lobbying for photo gun licences in queensland - reducing levels of gun ownership and reducing the number of firearm-related deaths in australia.
the formula was independently discovered by the indian genius srinivasa ramanujan at the age of 11 (circa 1898-99).	the formula was independently discovered by the indian mathematician srinivasa ramanujan at the age of 11 (circa 1898-99).
travis meeks (born april 27, 1979 in charlestown, indiana), is a an american musician, and is the lead singer and underrated guitarist for post-grunge band days of the new.	travis meeks (born april 27, 1979 in charlestown, indiana), is a an american musician, and is the lead singer and guitarist for post-grunge band days of the new.
"the british national party (bnp) is a british far-right political party formed as a splinter group from the national front by john tyndall in 1982. it restricted membership to ""indigenous british"" people until 2010, after a legal challenge to its constitution."	"the british national party (bnp) is a british nationalist political party formed as a splinter group from the national front by john tyndall in 1982. it restricted membership to ""indigenous british"" people until 2010, after a legal challenge to its constitution."
the an-225 mriya (, nato reporting name: cossack) is a strategic airlift transport aircraft which was built by the antonov design bureau, and is the largest aeroplane ever built.	the an-225 mriya (, nato reporting name: cossack) is a strategic airlift transport aircraft which was built by the antonov design bureau, and is the largest fixed-wing aircraft ever built.
1947) is an american eccentric best known as the founder of project gutenberg, which makes electronic books available via the internet.	1947) is an american best known as the founder of project gutenberg, which makes electronic books available via the internet.
wojdak & associates, lp is a prominent lobbying firm in pennsylvania.	wojdak & associates, lp is a lobbying firm in pennsylvania .
sir michael terence wogan, kbe (born 3 august 1938), generally known as terry wogan, is a popular radio and television broadcaster on the bbc in the united kingdom.	sir michael terence wogan, kbe (born 3 august 1938), generally known as terry wogan, is a radio and television broadcaster on the bbc in the united kingdom.
said also wrote many books and articles in which he clearly denied any violence.	said also wrote many books and articles in which he denied any violence.
darren smith (cyclist) tragically killed in a road accident on the gold coast just months after competing at the barcelona olympics.	darren smith (cyclist) killed in a road accident on the gold coast just months after competing at the barcelona olympics.
"this "" neutrality "" assumption allows to simplify the general formula to:"	"this "" no bias "" assumption allows to simplify the general formula to:"
the movie culminates in a spectacular showdown at leonardo's castle, between the remaining cia agents, the mayflowers, and the team of hudson, five-tone, and baragli, to stop the mayflowers from successfully operating the machine.	the movie culminates in a showdown at leonardo's castle, between the remaining cia agents, the mayflowers, and the team of hudson, five-tone, and baragli, to stop the mayflowers from successfully operating the machine.
"this esoteric skill, which is known as lung-gom-pa (""wind meditation"", lung = ""wind"", gom-pa = ""meditation"") in tibet, allows a practitioner to run at an extraordinary speed for days without stopping."	"this esoteric skill, which is known as lung-gom-pa (""wind meditation"", lung = ""wind"", gom-pa = ""meditation"") in tibet, is said to allow a practitioner to run at an extraordinary speed for days without stopping."
reporting bias in israeli universities	claiming bias in israeli universities
he was the recipient of multiple prestigious grants, including the caucus foundation's gold circle award and hispanic scholarship fund's hsf / mcnamara family creative arts project grant.	he was the recipient of multiple grants, including the caucus foundation's gold circle award and hispanic scholarship fund's hsf / mcnamara family creative arts project grant.
the french catholic philosopher and a drafter of the universal declaration of human rights, jacques maritain, noted the distinction between the models found in france and in the mid-twentieth century united states.	the french philosopher and a drafter of the universal declaration of human rights, jacques maritain, noted the distinction between the models found in france and in the mid-twentieth century united states.
his tragic death reunited the iranian people as they grieved the death of the 30-year-old legend.	his death reunited the iranian people as they grieved the death of the 30-year-old legend.
the tripping was prevented when the powermen realised that the line load had reached 800 mw and scaled it down to 600 mw by cutting off the electricity to many parts that were fed by this line.	the tripping was prevented when the powerpersons realised that the line load had reached 800 mw and scaled it down to 600 mw by cutting off the electricity to many parts that were fed by this line.
in 1922 the leftist journalist kurt hiller published a collection of essays protesting paragraph 175. the title translates as the ignominy of the century.	in 1922 the left-wing journalist kurt hiller published a collection of essays protesting paragraph 175. the title translates as the ignominy of the century.
it proved surprisingly versatile, able to operate everything from bat glide bombs to 11.75 in (300 mm) tiny tim rockets.	it proved versatile, able to operate everything from bat glide bombs to 11.75 in (300 mm) tiny tim rockets.
in 2004, manning had one of the greatest regular seasons in nfl history, putting up 4,557 yards, a 121.1 quarterback rating, and 49 touchdowns, shattering the legendary mark previously held by miami dolphins quarterback dan marino.	in 2004, manning had one of the greatest regular seasons in nfl history, putting up 4,557 yards, a 121.1 quarterback rating, and 49 touchdowns, surpassing the legendary mark previously held by miami dolphins quarterback dan marino.
chairman , is the highest officer of an organized group	chairperson , is the highest officer of an organized group
in less than a minute, the entire stage was engulfed in flames, with most of the band members and entourage scurrying for the west exit by the stage.	in less than a minute, the entire stage was engulfed in flames, with most of the band members and entourage fleeing for the west exit by the stage.
although he vowed to change, he continued his scandalous behavior.	although he vowed to change, he continued his behavior.
jacob's oasis), is a neighbourhood at the northeastern tip of jerusalem.	jacob's oasis), is an israeli settlement and neighbourhood at the northeastern tip of jerusalem.
michael portillo's admission of youthful homosexuality in 1999 caused worsthorne to reminisce on his own activities while at cambridge, although according to modern terminology, he could only be described as having been situationally gay ; worsthorne had previously referred to this history in his autobiography published in 1993.	michael portillo's admission of youthful homosexuality in 1999 caused worsthorne to reminisce on his own activities while at cambridge, although according to modern terminology, he could be described as having been situationally gay ; worsthorne had previously referred to this history in his autobiography published in 1993.
the group claims a worldwide membership of more than 8.3 million adherents involved in evangelism, convention attendance figures of more than 17 million, and an annual memorial attendance of more than 20 million.	the group reports a worldwide membership of more than 8.3 million adherents involved in evangelism, convention attendance figures of more than 17 million, and an annual memorial attendance of more than 20 million.
this area lies between two mighty rivers the damodar and the ajay.	this area lies between two rivers the damodar and the ajay.
the university of virginia has a large number of greek organizations on grounds, encompassing the traditional social fraternities and sororities as well as coeducational professional, service, and honor fraternities.	the university of virginia has a number of greek organizations on grounds, encompassing the traditional social fraternities and sororities as well as coeducational professional, service, and honor fraternities.
on the jewish question and in particular its concluding section are seen by many commentators as anti-semitic.	on the jewish question and in particular its concluding section are seen by some commentators as anti-semitic.
several homosexual organizations, including soulforce, have criticized byu's honor code for its practices.	several civil rights organizations, including soulforce, have criticized byu's honor code for its practices.
although he lost to steve mizerak in a snooker/pool triathlon in 1987, he has taken notable victories in his pool career, including his surprise winning streak at the 2000 world pool championship, where he took a sensational 9-8 comeback win against reigning world champion efren reyes, following it up with victories over 1997 world champion ralf souquet and 1998 champion kunihiko takahashi; and his victory against the usa's earl strickland to clinch the 2002 mosconi cup for europe.	although he lost to steve mizerak in a snooker/pool triathlon in 1987, he has taken notable victories in his pool career, including his surprise winning streak at the 2000 world pool championship, where he took a 9-8 comeback win against reigning world champion efren reyes, following it up with victories over 1997 world champion ralf souquet and 1998 champion kunihiko takahashi; and his victory against the usa's earl strickland to clinch the 2002 mosconi cup for europe.
contestant was not switched out and made the final four of his/her/ their own category	contestant was not switched out and made the final four of their own category
"moon safari debuted at number five in the uk album charts mainly due to almost universally glowing reviews by the british music press and the success of the kitsch single ""sexy boy""."	"moon safari debuted at number five in the uk album charts mainly due to almost universally glowing reviews by the british music press and the success of the single ""sexy boy""."
"blacktop pavement dm composed of asphalt concrete; also a verb (""to blacktop a parking lot"") (uk: compare tarmac)"	"blacktop a road surface dm composed of asphalt concrete; also a verb (""to blacktop a parking lot"") (uk: compare tarmac)"
even with this small number of trials, only a third of convictions resulted in prison sentences, and only a small number of cases went to jury trials.	even with this small number of trials, a third of convictions resulted in prison sentences, and only a small number of cases went to jury trials.
in 2004, she recorded her first and, thankfully only single, shake ya body (music video) as it was poorly received.	in 2004, she recorded her first and, only single, shake ya body (music video) as it was poorly received.
cathey died in new york city on february 9, 2018, at the age of 59. he was reported to have been battling lung cancer.	cathey died in new york city on february 9, 2018, at the age of 59. he was reported to have been suffering from lung cancer.
however, paul's traffic far exceeded clinton's, and even obama's as far back as january, evidence of his rabid web-based following.	however, paul's traffic far exceeded clinton's, and even obama's as far back as january, evidence of his intense web-based following.
tanner is best remembered for his dominating serve.	tanner is remembered for his dominating serve.
the film began a limited release on november 18, 2016, and grossed $256,498 from four theaters for the weekend, good for a per-theater average of $64,125.	the film began a limited release on november 18, 2016, and grossed $256,498 from four theaters for the weekend, making for a per-theater average of $64,125.
andr d. carson (born october 16, 1974) is the u.s. representative for , serving since a special election in 2008. he is a member of the democratic party.	andr d. carson (born october 16, 1974) is the u.s. representative for , in office since a special election in 2008. he is a member of the democratic party.
"the term ""islamofascism"" is a controversial political epithet used to discribe certain variants of islamism that have fascist or totalitarian aspects."	"the term ""islamofascism"" is a controversial political epithet used to discribe certain variants of islamism claimed to have fascist or totalitarian aspects."
although he recognizes that the observed increase in co2 and cfcs is anthropogenic, he disagrees with ipcc conclusions about how much warming is to be expected.	although he supports the view that the observed increase in co2 and cfcs is anthropogenic, he disagrees with ipcc conclusions about how much warming is to be expected.
the primary means of public transportation in leeds are the bus services.	the primary means of public transport in leeds are the bus services.
speculator george soros infamously made approximately us$1 billion from shorting the pound.	speculator george soros made approximately us$1 billion from shorting the pound.
jalan bani bu hasan is a beutiful town in the south east of ash sharqiyah region (oman)	jalan bani bu hasan is a town in the south east of ash sharqiyah region (oman)
decarava produced five major books, including the sound i saw and the sweet flypaper of life as well as landmark museum catalogs and retrospective surveys from the friends of photography and the museum of modern art in new york.	decarava produced five books, including the sound i saw and the sweet flypaper of life as well as landmark museum catalogs and retrospective surveys from the friends of photography and the museum of modern art in new york.
neidan and tantra are considered forms of internal alchemy, but western commentators often overemphesize sexual practises.	neidan and tantra are considered forms of internal alchemy, but western commentators often focus on sexual practises.
socialist studies adopted the object and principles of the socialist party of great britain, and thus purports to hold that party's general ideology and stance on most social, economic, and political issues.	socialist studies adopted the object and principles of the socialist party of great britain, and thus claims to hold that party's general ideology and stance on most social, economic, and political issues.
the statement is in fact true for infinite collections of arbitrary size; in this case it depends heavily on the peculiar definition of the product topology and is equivalent to the axiom of choice.	the statement is in fact true for infinite collections of arbitrary size; in this case it depends heavily on the particular definition of the product topology and is equivalent to the axiom of choice.
"enhedslisten polemically called this ""arranged marriages""."	"enhedslisten called this ""arranged marriages""."
minnesota senator norm coleman, minnesota governor tim pawlenty and anyone from the fox news channel are frequent guests.	minnesota senator norm coleman, minnesota governor tim pawlenty and a variety of personalities from the fox news channel are frequent guests.
at the same time, however, certain activists, particularly presbyterians and other protestants aware that mormonism was a non-christian cult that grossly mistreated women, promoted women's suffrage in utah as an experiment, and as a way to eliminate polygamy.	at the same time, however, certain activists, particularly presbyterians and other protestants convinced that mormonism was a non-christian cult that grossly mistreated women, promoted women's suffrage in utah as an experiment, and as a way to eliminate polygamy.
a blue plaque commemorating the first chip shop in britain, in oldham	a blue plaque claiming the first chip shop in britain, in oldham
maria thayer, actress and comedienne	maria thayer, actress and comedian
"victor ""vic"" tayback (january 6, 1930 may 25, 1990) was an american actor, best known for his role as diner owner mel sharples in the 1974 movie alice doesn't live here anymore and in its television adaptation, alice, which ran from 1976 to 1985."	"victor ""vic"" tayback (january 6, 1930 may 25, 1990) was an american actor, known for his role as diner owner mel sharples in the 1974 movie alice doesn't live here anymore and in its television adaptation, alice, which ran from 1976 to 1985."
this stunt cost fuhrman a day's pay.	this incident cost fuhrman a day's pay.
mathis met his eventual wife, linda, a fellow emu student, shortly after his mother's passing .	mathis met his eventual wife, linda, a fellow emu student, shortly after his mother's death .
the project also resulted in the modification of the stone arch bridge by replacing two of the arches with a steel truss.	the project also resulted in the disfiguration of the stone arch bridge by replacing two of the arches with a steel truss.
the film is a remake of a superhit tamil film, thirumalai which starred joseph vijay in the main lead alongside with jyothika.	the film is a remake of a tamil film, thirumalai which starred joseph vijay in the main lead alongside with jyothika.
according to the teachings ascribed to the buddha in the mahayana mahaparinirvana sutra, which was composed hundreds of years after his death, parinirvana is the realm of the eternal, bliss, the self, and purity.	according to the teachings ascribed to the buddha in the mahayana mahaparinirvana sutra, which was committed to writing hundreds of years after his death, parinirvana is the realm of the eternal, bliss, the self, and purity.
ireland joined the european union in 1973 but has reluctantly chosen to remain outside the schengen treaty.	ireland joined the european union in 1973 but has chosen to remain outside the schengen treaty.
neoconservatism, based on leo strauss's teachings, was influenced by schmitt.	neoconservatism, based on leo strauss's teachings, has been accused by critics of being influenced by schmitt.
he was known for his wide vocal range (5 octaves) and virtuoso guitar playing as well as his spectacular showmanship.	he was known for his wide vocal range (5 octaves) and guitar playing as well as his spectacular showmanship.
howard gobioff (1971-2008) was a gifted computer scientist and a dancer.	howard gobioff (1971-2008) was a computer scientist and a dancer.
director michael bay, well-known for excessive use of cgi in his films, digitally adds lens flares to most light sources in his films.	director michael bay, well-known for heavy use of cgi in his films, digitally adds lens flares to most light sources in his films.
beckham, after having been fouled by diego simeone, lightly kicked simeone, striking him on the calf.	beckham, after having been fouled by diego simeone, kicked simeone, striking him on the calf.
in 1962, during a period of heightened tension with thailand over the disputed preah vihear temple in the dangrek mountains border area, the c-47 transports of the liaison and transport group (glt) dropped at night three planeloads of paratroopers over the choam ksan district in a show of force intended to intimidate the thai government.	in 1962, during a period of heightened tension with thailand over the disputed preah vihear temple in the dngrk mountains border area, the c-47 transports of the liaison and transport group (glt) dropped at night three planeloads of paratroopers over the choam ksan district in a show of force intended to intimidate the thai government.
schilling has also expressed a passion for the pre-eminent sports simulation game, apba.	schilling has also expressed a passion for the sports simulation game, apba.
before serving as a successful mayor in two different forms of government for his hometown, as a young man jerry worked at abramson's grocery on south preston street in the smoketown neighborhood, then owned by his father roy and founded by his grandparents.	before serving as a mayor in two different forms of government for his hometown, as a young man jerry worked at abramson's grocery on south preston street in the smoketown neighborhood, then owned by his father roy and founded by his grandparents.
he posthumously continues to do so through his famous history of philosophy and numerous other works.	he posthumously continues to do so through his history of philosophy and numerous other works.
known until 21 june 2004 as wimbledon f.c., their new name reflects their notorious move to milton keynes.	known until 21 june 2004 as wimbledon f.c., their new name reflects their controversial move to milton keynes.
fall of berlin 1945, the fall of berlin, or just berlin is a soviet propaganda documentary film about the battle of berlin, titled in russian	fall of berlin 1945, the fall of berlin, or just berlin is a soviet documentary film about the battle of berlin, titled in russian
the album was often refered to in a sneering manner by several of the punk rock bands that emerged at least partly as a reaction to what was perceived as the out-of-touch and atrophied nature of much 'dinosaur' rock music at that time.	the album was refered to in a sneering manner by several of the punk rock bands that emerged at least partly as a reaction to what was perceived as the out-of-touch and atrophied nature of much 'dinosaur' rock music at that time.
of the 500 guantanamo bay detainees, hicks was one of only four formally charged with offences.	of the 500 guantanamo bay detainees, hicks was one of four formally charged with offences.
though the district was first built to catch the interest from bypassers it has withdrawn the focus from the nearby downtown area and has overtaken the role as the pulsating heart of borlnge.	though the district was first built to catch the interest from bypassers it has withdrawn the focus from the nearby downtown area and has overtaken the role as the heart of borlnge.
some of his atristic influences are jimi hendrix, james brown, sly & the family stone, curtis mayfield, parliament-funkadelic, stevie wonder, carlos santana, joni mitchell, the beatles, duke ellington and miles davis.	some of his atristic influences include jimi hendrix, james brown, sly & the family stone, curtis mayfield, parliament-funkadelic, stevie wonder, carlos santana, joni mitchell, the beatles, duke ellington and miles davis.
the original holiday dinner in the o'keefe household featured turkey or ham followed by a pepperidge farm cake decorated with m&m's, as described in horrifying detail in o'keefe's the real festivus.	the original holiday dinner in the o'keefe household featured turkey or ham followed by a pepperidge farm cake decorated with m&m's, as described in detail in o'keefe's the real festivus.
it echoes the practice of top leagues around the world in which the team with the best record is the champion.	it echoes the practice of many other leagues around the world in which the team with the best record is the champion.
escape magazine was a landmark british comic strip magazine founded and edited by paul gravett and peter stanbury.	escape magazine was a british comic strip magazine founded and edited by paul gravett and peter stanbury.
note donates club winning challenge cup in the same season; thus completing prestigious championship and challenge cup 'double'	note donates club winning challenge cup in the same season; thus completing the championship and challenge cup 'double'
had he been the man he was, he should have become a leading revolutionary commander.	had he been the man he was, he might have become a leading revolutionary commander.
for work on a series of articles that ofshe contributed to on the synanon cult , the newspaper, the point reyes light, received the pulitzer prize for public service in 1979.	for work on a series of articles that ofshe contributed to on the synanon movement , the newspaper, the point reyes light, received the pulitzer prize for public service in 1979.
this limit, which is related to avogadro's number, is roughly equal to homeopathic potencies of 12c or 24x (1 part in 1024).	this limit, which is related to avogadro's number, is roughly equal to homeopathic dilutions of 12c or 24x (1 part in 1024).
"the baku ateshgah ( from persian: atashgh) or ""fire temple"" is a castle-like hindu religious structure in surakhani, a suburb of greater baku, azerbaijan."	"the baku ateshgah ( from persian: atashgh) or ""fire temple"" is a castle-like religious structure in surakhani, a suburb of greater baku, azerbaijan."
"the primacy of the roman bishop is largely derived from his role as the supposed apostolic successor to saint peter, to whom jesus is said to have given the keys of heaven and the powers of ""binding and loosing"", naming him as the ""rock"" upon which the church would be built."	"the primacy of the roman bishop is largely derived from his role as the apostolic successor to saint peter, to whom jesus is said to have given the keys of heaven and the powers of ""binding and loosing"", naming him as the ""rock"" upon which the church would be built."
due to these changes, various needless errors caused by hitler's personality faults never occurred.	due to these changes, various inefficient errors caused by hitler's personality faults never occurred.
in the pagan religion prevalent in arabia before islam, a number of goddesses were worshipped, including the three referred to as daughters of god: al-lat, al-uzza and manah, the three chief goddesses of mecca.	in the religion prevalent in arabia before islam, a number of goddesses were worshipped, including the three referred to as daughters of god: al-lat, al-uzza and manah, the three chief goddesses of mecca.
the vote to impeach was essentially along party lines in the republican- majoriaty house of representatives.. he was acquitted by a vote of the united states senate on february 12, 1999. clinton remained popular with the public throughout his two terms as president, ending his presidential career with a 65% approval rating, the highest end-of-term approval rating of any president in the post-eisenhower era.	the vote to impeach was essentially along party lines in the republican- led house of representatives.. he was acquitted by a vote of the united states senate on february 12, 1999. clinton remained popular with the public throughout his two terms as president, ending his presidential career with a 65% approval rating, the highest end-of-term approval rating of any president in the post-eisenhower era.
in 1981, as u.s. president ronald reagan's administration boldly pushed the arms race to new levels of higher tension with the ussr, one million people marched for nuclear disarmament and abolition in new york city.	in 1981, as u.s. president ronald reagan's administration pushed the arms race to new levels of higher tension with the ussr, one million people marched for nuclear disarmament and abolition in new york city.
pov-ray, another popular free ray tracer.	pov-ray, another popular ray tracer.
his son, scott brayton, was a long-time cart and irl driver, who was tragically killed in a crash during a practice run.	his son, scott brayton, was a long-time cart and irl driver, who was killed in a crash during a practice run.
x-32, boeing's failed entry for the joint strike fighter	x-32, boeing's losing entry for the joint strike fighter
especially cricket pavilion, a building at a cricket ground	cricket pavilion, a building at a cricket ground
meos were generally benighted muslims before the emergence of tj, and lacked the necessary acumen required to resist the overbearing cultural and religious influence of hindus.	meos were generally benighted muslims before the emergence of tj, and lacked the necessary acumen required to resist the cultural and religious influence of hindus.
margaret bourke-white's famous photograph of gandhi; spinning wheel in foreground	margaret bourke-white's photograph of gandhi; spinning wheel in foreground
taipei workshop, a 3rd grade historical monument constructed during the era of japanese occupation , was exactly where the future beimen station would be located.	taipei workshop, a 3rd grade historical monument constructed during the era of japanese rule , was exactly where the future beimen station would be located.
he died at the age of 63 after a tragic fall from the roof of his house, as he was supposedly putting a crucifix up.	he died at the age of 63 after a fall from the roof of his house, as he was supposedly putting a crucifix up.
"the ""barbarians"" would come back more than 200 years later strengthened by industrialization, and end japan's splendid isolation, with the forcible opening of japan to trade by an american military fleet under the commandement of commodore perry in 1854."	"the ""barbarians"" would come back more than 200 years later strengthened by industrialization, and end japan's isolation, with the forcible opening of japan to trade by an american military fleet under the commandement of commodore perry in 1854."
"burton n. ""burt"" pugach (born april 20 1927), a new york based lawyer who spent fourteen years in prison for hiring thugs to throw lye in the face of his former girlfriend, linda riss ."	"burton n. ""burt"" pugach (born april 20 1927), a new york based lawyer who spent fourteen years in prison for hiring men to throw lye in the face of his former girlfriend, linda riss."
he discovered that fanaticism and self-righteousness are rooted in self-hatred, self-doubt, and insecurity.	he postulated that fanaticism and self-righteousness are rooted in self-hatred, self-doubt, and insecurity.
he produced a documentary the league of grateful sons in 2004 honoring the soldiers who fought in the battle of iwo jima.	he produced a documentary the league of grateful sons in 2004 about the soldiers who fought in the battle of iwo jima.
unlike zia-ul-haq, jilani was secular in his private life.	unlike zia-ul-haq, jilani was not particularly pietistic in his private life.
finney claimed to have fired owen in june 1992, officially because the governor disapproved of her overseas travel expenses.	finney claimed to have dismissed owen in june 1992, officially because the governor disapproved of her overseas travel expenses.
fred phelps, (born 1929-2014), controversial leader of the westboro baptist church, topeka, kansas.	fred phelps, (born 1929-2014), the leader of the westboro baptist church, topeka, kansas.
bolvar pagn,(may 16, 1897 – february 9, 1961), was a distinguished historian, journalist, and politician.	bolvar pagn,(may 16, 1897 – february 9, 1961), was a historian, journalist, and politician.
she is perhaps best known for her revealing role in the hbo series tell me you love me (2007) and as penelope widmore on abc's lost.	she is perhaps best known for her role in the hbo series tell me you love me (2007) and as penelope widmore on abc's lost.
he was a youth product of ipswich town but was snubbed a professional contract and thus signed for grimsby town in 2006. he remained with grimsby for a further four years in which he earnt international caps for england u18 as well as becoming the club captain at a young age.	he was a youth product of ipswich town but was not offered a professional contract and thus signed for grimsby town in 2006. he remained with grimsby for a further four years in which he earnt international caps for england u18 as well as becoming the club captain at a young age.
the flat earth society is an organization first based in england and later in lancaster, california that advocates the discredited flat earth hypothesis.	the flat earth society is an organization first based in england and later in lancaster, california that advocates the flat earth hypothesis.
a cynical view would say that the american dream was built on aggressive colonialism.	a skeptical view would say that the american dream was built on aggressive colonialism.
"the school, however, stirred up controversy after putting up a poster claiming that most new trier students do not smoke cigarettes, with a picture of a beautiful girl with the caption, ""i'm one of them."""	"the school, however, stirred up controversy after putting up a poster claiming that most new trier students do not smoke cigarettes, with a picture of a girl with the caption, ""i'm one of them."""
when a boxer is knocked down, the other boxer must immediately cease fighting and move to the nearest neutral corner of the ring until the referee has either ruled a knockout or called for the fight to continue.	when a boxer is knocked down, the other boxer must immediately cease fighting and move to the furthest neutral corner of the ring until the referee has either ruled a knockout or called for the fight to continue.
their diebold gems central tabulator software, version 1.18.15 of which counted most votes in the united states in the u.s. presidential election, 2004, is at the center of extreme controversy for apparent irregularities versus the u.s. presidential election, 2004, exit polls.	their diebold gems central tabulator software, version 1.18.15 of which counted most votes in the united states in the u.s. presidential election, 2004, is at the center of controversy for apparent irregularities versus the u.s. presidential election, 2004, exit polls.
the english text of the constitution signed by president nelson mandela on 16 december 1996 interestingly uses (mostly) the names of the languages expressed in those languages themselves.	the english text of the constitution signed by president nelson mandela on 16 december 1996 uses (mostly) the names of the languages expressed in those languages themselves.
shortly after legacy's release, bethesda responded to consumer complaints on the official forums by creating a dedicated complaint thread, which had recieved over 900 posts as of march 2007. any negative feedback posted outside the complaint thread was aggressively locked, edited, and/or deleted by a volunteer staff of moderators during the months following the game's release.	shortly after legacy's release, bethesda responded to consumer complaints on the official forums by creating a dedicated complaint thread, which had recieved over 900 posts as of march 2007. any negative feedback posted outside the complaint thread was locked, edited, and/or deleted by a volunteer staff of moderators during the months following the game's release.
some fringe commentators, however, such as graham kirby, writing for the blogging site the samosa, have defended the act as essentially meritocratic and necessary .	some commentators, however, such as graham kirby, writing for the blogging site the samosa, have defended the act as essentially meritocratic and necessary .
myslovitz follow the tradition of 1970s american rock dinosaurs who took their names from their places of origin, such as chicago or boston.	myslovitz follow the tradition of 1970s american rock acts who took their names from their places of origin, such as chicago or boston.
according to convention, these unfortunate inmates are used as sexual slaves or traded as personal property.	according to convention, these inmates are used as sexual slaves or traded as personal property.
the rfc tradition of pragmatic, experience-driven, after-the-fact standards authorship accomplished by individuals or small working groups has important advantages over the more formal, committee-driven process typical of iso and national standards bodies.	the rfc tradition of pragmatic, experience-driven, after-the-fact standards authorship accomplished by individuals or small working groups can have important advantages over the more formal, committee-driven process typical of iso and national standards bodies.
after a dramatic loss of form dropped him from international play, delibai's chances for a callup increased in mid-2006 as montenegro separated from serbia and became an independent country, with him now eligible to play for the newly formed national team due to his birthplace.	after a loss of form dropped him from international play, delibai's chances for a callup increased in mid-2006 as montenegro separated from serbia and became an independent country, with him now eligible to play for the newly formed national team due to his birthplace.
bird's nest soup is a delicacy in chinese cuisine.	bird's nest soup is a food in chinese cuisine.
the highlights of his ecw tenure were a fast-paced match against kid kash, an ecw world heavyweight title shot against mike awesome, and a wild danbury street fight with tommy dreamer.	the highlights of his ecw tenure were a fast-paced match against kid kash, an ecw world heavyweight title shot against mike awesome, and a danbury street fight with tommy dreamer.
kaavya viswanathan is an indian-american woman who came to public attention in 2006 when portions of her highly-publicized debut young adult novel, how opal mehta got kissed, got wild, and got a life, were revealed to have been plagiarized from several sources.	kaavya viswanathan is an indian-american woman who came to public attention in 2006 when portions of her highly-publicized debut young adult novel, how opal mehta got kissed, got wild, and got a life, were alleged to have been plagiarized from several sources.
"{lat= 35.403, long= 36.9825, mark= m. stable_opp_jan , marksize= 4, label= ""balil"", label_size= 0},"	"{lat= 35.403, long= 36.9825, mark= m. opp , marksize= 4, label= ""balil"", label_size= 0},"
interestingly lebrecht launched his own blog, slipped disc, soon thereafter.	lebrecht launched his own blog, slipped disc, soon thereafter.
humans often find the behaviour of other animals amusing or humorous.	humans often find the behaviour of animals amusing or humorous.
to secure his aims, couthon, his other ally in the committee, proposed and carried on 10 june the outrageous law of 22 prairial, by which even the appearance of justice was taken from the tribunal, which, as no witnesses were allowed, became a simple court of condemnation.	to secure his aims, couthon, his other ally in the committee, proposed and carried on 10 june the drastic law of 22 prairial, by which even the appearance of justice was taken from the tribunal, which, as no witnesses were allowed, became a simple court of condemnation.
claudia schiffer (born 25 august 1970) is a german supermodel and creative director of her clothing label.	claudia schiffer (born 25 august 1970) is a german model and creative director of her clothing label.
this was disproved by richard dawkins, who wrote the book the selfish gene.	this was disputed by richard dawkins, who wrote the book the selfish gene.
being a member of the incompetent family compact, colborne was a strong supporter of the church of england and british traditions and an opponent of responsible government.	being a member of the family compact, colborne was a strong supporter of the church of england and british traditions and an opponent of responsible government.
cain supported the troubled asset relief program (tarp) bank bailouts as a way to save the economy, viewing it as an investment opportunity for the taxpayers.	cain supported the troubled asset relief program (tarp) bank bailouts as a way to revive the economy, viewing it as an investment opportunity for the taxpayers.
the creator and executive producer was gregory widen, a former southern california firefighter and paramedic, and the writer of the popular 1991 firefighting drama backdraft.	the creator and executive producer was gregory widen, a former southern california firefighter and paramedic, and the writer of the 1991 firefighting drama backdraft.
the jena six incident has generated numerous editorials on the social aspects of the case.	the jena six incident has generated editorials on the social aspects of the case.
soon, the cruel story took on a life of its own, and in 1642 it was printed in london under the title newes from new-england of a most strange and prodigious birth, brought to boston in new-england... though the author of this work was not named, it may have been the new england minister thomas weld who was in england at the time to support new england's ecclesiastical independence.	soon, the story took on a life of its own, and in 1642 it was printed in london under the title newes from new-england of a most strange and prodigious birth, brought to boston in new-england... though the author of this work was not named, it may have been the new england minister thomas weld who was in england at the time to support new england's ecclesiastical independence.
tc electronic, a danish manufacturer of fine studio equipment and guitar effects	tc electronic, a danish manufacturer of studio equipment and guitar effects
first, chvez fired sixty generals and completely replaced the upper echelons of venezuela's armed forces, substituting them with more complacent pro-chvez personnel.	first, chvez fired sixty generals and completely replaced the upper echelons of venezuela's armed forces, substituting them with more pro-chvez personnel.
he has been critical of the bush administration's war in iraq, fiscal irresponsibility and treatment of science.	he has been critical of the bush administration's war in iraq, fiscal policy and treatment of science.
the olympic movement is overprotective of its symbols; among other things, it claims an exclusive, monopolistic copyright on any arrangement of five rings, irrespective of alignment, color or lack thereof, as well as to any use of the word olympic.	the olympic movement is very protective of its symbols; among other things, it claims an exclusive, monopolistic copyright on any arrangement of five rings, irrespective of alignment, color or lack thereof, as well as to any use of the word olympic.
the invention of photography, enabling cheap reproduction of a slide, enormously expanded the repertoire of available picture subjects, and shows would feature famous landmarks, foreign lands, and personages.	the invention of photography, enabling cheap reproduction of a slide, greatly expanded the repertoire of available picture subjects, and shows would feature famous landmarks, foreign lands, and personages.
he is well- known within the wireless industry as the publisher of the blackberry developer journal, a technical magazine widely read by developers of wireless applications.	he is known within the wireless industry as the publisher of the blackberry developer journal, a technical magazine widely read by developers of wireless applications.
a man who had blown his fortune on high living was refused 25,000 to buy a racehorse and was rightly scorned by the panel.	a man who had blown his fortune on high living was refused 25,000 to buy a racehorse and was scorned by the panel.
(devangar: , ipa: ) was an ancient pakistani grammarian from gandhara (traditionally 520460 bc, but estimates range from the 7th to 5th centuries bc).	(devangar: , ipa: ) was an ancient indian grammarian from gandhara (traditionally 520460 bc, but estimates range from the 7th to 5th centuries bc).
individual world records and most important feats	individual world records and most feats
s. fred singer (atmospheric physicist and famous agw skeptic)	s. fred singer (atmospheric physicist and agw skeptic)
"this is well illustrated by the three major cities of algeria, for instance: algiers from arabic al-jaz'ir ""the islands"", oran from wahran from berber wa-iharan ""place of lions"", and constantine (arabic qasantina قسنطينة) from the latin name of the emperor constantine."	"this is well illustrated by the three largest cities of algeria, for instance: algiers from arabic al-jaz'ir ""the islands"", oran from wahran from berber wa-iharan ""place of lions"", and constantine (arabic qasantina قسنطينة) from the latin name of the emperor constantine."
russian and pro-moscow chechen officials have regularly and repeatedly accused the opposing side of committing various war crimes including murder, rape, and assorted other breaches of the laws of war while there are international humanitatian reports that the wide-scale human rights abuses are the salient method behind impunity to curb the chevchen resistance .	russian and pro-moscow chechen officials have regularly and repeatedly accused the opposing side of committing various war crimes including murder, rape, and assorted other breaches of the laws of war while there are international humanitatian reports that the wide-scale human rights abuses are the salient method behind impunity to curb the chechen resistance .
controversial historian james belich described the urewera as one of the last zones of mori autonomy and the scene of the last case of armed mori resistance: in 1916 thoe prophet rua kenana was arrested on dubious charges after a gun battle in the urewera in which 10 people were killed or wounded.	historian james belich described the urewera as one of the last zones of mori autonomy and the scene of the last case of armed mori resistance: in 1916 thoe prophet rua kenana was arrested on dubious charges after a gun battle in the urewera in which 10 people were killed or wounded.
williams lake is named in honor of secwepemc chief william, whose counsel prevented the shuswap from joining the chilcotin in their uprising against the settlers .	williams lake is named in honor of secwepemc chief william, whose counsel prevented the shuswap from joining the chilcotin in their uprising against the settler population .
by the time he opted out of international football, it seemed that opportunities would in any case be limited and with northern ireland's later success (still managed by sanchez, under whom mcveigh said he would not play again) there seemed little chance that mcveigh would revive his international career.	by the time he opted out of international football, it seemed that opportunities would in any case have been limited and with northern ireland's later success (still managed by sanchez, under whom mcveigh said he would not play again) there seemed little chance that mcveigh would revive his international career.
hands-on mobile was founded by daniel kranzler, a veteran wireless industry executive and entrepreneur, and his philanthropic venture fund, efund, llc, which combined the technology, content and talent of some of the early leaders in wireless entertainment to establish hands-on mobile (then known as mforma) in spring of 2001. hands-on mobile grew organically as well as through business combination when it acquired several leading mobile entertainment developer and technology companies: ngame ltd and blue beck of the uk, fingertwitch (a u.s. mobile technology company), and two mobile entertainment content development companies in china.	hands-on mobile was founded by daniel kranzler, a wireless industry executive and entrepreneur, and his philanthropic venture fund, efund, llc, which combined the technology, content and talent of some of the early leaders in wireless entertainment to establish hands-on mobile (then known as mforma) in spring of 2001. hands-on mobile grew organically as well as through business combination when it acquired several leading mobile entertainment developer and technology companies: ngame ltd and blue beck of the uk, fingertwitch (a u.s. mobile technology company), and two mobile entertainment content development companies in china.
notable lotus cars include the esprit, elan, europa and elise sports cars and it had motor racing success with team lotus in formula one.	lotus cars include the esprit, elan, europa and elise sports cars and it had motor racing success with team lotus in formula one.
penguin revolutionised publishing in the 1930s through its high quality cheap paperbacks, sold through woolworths and other high street stores for sixpence.	penguin revolutionised publishing in the 1930s through its high quality , inexpensive paperbacks, sold through woolworths and other high street stores for sixpence.
the psni has a discriminatory policy of recruiting 50% of its officers from a roman catholic background and 50% from a background other than roman catholic.	the psni has a policy of recruiting 50% of its officers from a roman catholic background and 50% from a background other than roman catholic.
darwin greatly emphasized the difference between his two main points: establishing the fact of evolution, and proposing the theory of natural selection to explain the mechanism of evolution.	darwin emphasized the difference between his two main points: establishing the fact of evolution, and proposing the theory of natural selection to explain the mechanism of evolution.
ellie kemper (born 1980), american actress and comedienne	ellie kemper (born 1980), american actress and comedian
clemens formed his pictures by compressing natural coloured sands inside chemists jars to create his unique works of art.	clemens formed his pictures by compressing natural coloured sands inside chemists jars to create his works of art.
"he claims an evident continuity between the words, deeds, and goals of the 7th century mujahidin (""jihadists"") whom he studied and that of 21st century islamic radicals."	"he asserts an evident continuity between the words, deeds, and goals of the 7th century mujahidin (""jihadists"") whom he studied and that of 21st century islamic radicals."
the new zealand government pardoned their troops in 2000; the british government declined to do so, although in 1998 they did express sympathy for the victims .	the new zealand government pardoned their troops in 2000; the british government declined to do so, although in 1998 they did express sympathy for the executed .
unfortunately , not all historically significant structures have been protested from time and redevelopment.	however , not all historically significant structures have been protested from time and redevelopment.
they have become fixed in the minds of the wide public thanks to the most beautiful work of the writer boena nmcov - babika (the grandmother).	they have become fixed in the minds of the wide public thanks to the most famous work of the writer boena nmcov - babika (the grandmother).
there are some ska gakkai buddhist groups in the uk.	there are some ska gakkai groups in the uk.
his notable films include chasing liberty (2004), match point (2005), imagine me and you (2005), brideshead revisited (2008), watchmen (2009), a single man (2009), leap year (2010), stoker (2013), and the imitation game (2014).	his films include chasing liberty (2004), match point (2005), imagine me and you (2005), brideshead revisited (2008), watchmen (2009), a single man (2009), leap year (2010), stoker (2013), and the imitation game (2014).
boston college (bc) is a prestigious private roman catholic jesuit research university located in the village of chestnut hill, massachusetts, usa.	boston college (bc) is a private roman catholic jesuit research university located in the village of chestnut hill, massachusetts, usa.
established by public subscription in 1895 as the lady havelock hospital for women and children, it was christened the lady ridgeway hospital for children in 1910. both these distinguished ladies were the respective wives of successive british governors in ceylon - sir arthur havelock and sir joseph west ridgeway.	established by public subscription in 1895 as the lady havelock hospital for women and children, it was named the lady ridgeway hospital for children in 1910. both these distinguished ladies were the respective wives of successive british governors in ceylon - sir arthur havelock and sir joseph west ridgeway.
clifton forge is known for its beautiful mountain views and clear streams.	clifton forge is known for its mountain views and clear streams.
genji: dawn of the samurai (released as genji in europe) is a playstation 2 game released on september 20, 2005. it is very loosely based on the tale of the heike.	genji: dawn of the samurai (released as genji in europe) is a playstation 2 game released on september 20, 2005. it is loosely based on the tale of the heike.
since his various brushes with the law, diggle has found it hard to obtain employment and has taken to posting quite melancholy posts on twitter.	since his various brushes with the law, diggle has found it hard to obtain employment and has taken to posting melancholy posts on twitter.
the shiyyah massacre was an attack by the israel air force (iaf) on the shiyyah suburb in the lebanese capital of beirut on august 7, 2006, during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict.	the shiyyah airstrike was an attack by the israel air force (iaf) on the shiyyah suburb in the lebanese capital of beirut on august 7, 2006, during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict.
innocent xii introduced various much-needed reforms into the states of the church, and for the better administration of justice erected the forum innocentianum.	innocent xii introduced various reforms into the states of the church, and for the better administration of justice erected the forum innocentianum.
(november 25, 1915-december 10, 2006) was a general and self-proclaimed president of chile.	(november 25, 1915-december 10, 2006) was a general and president of chile.
mrs mahliqa qarai was martyred in the uss vincennes attack on iran air flight 655- an iranian civilian airliner on sunday july 3, 1988, in the persian gulf during the 8-year iran-iraq war.	mrs mahliqa qarai was killed in the uss vincennes attack on iran air flight 655- an iranian civilian airliner on sunday july 3, 1988, in the persian gulf during the 8-year iran-iraq war.
in 1940, neily sold his fifth avenue mansion in new york city to members of the astor family but remained living there until his passing from a cerebral hemorrhage while vacationing in miami beach, florida aboard his yacht in 1942. following neily's death grace vanderbilt was forced to move out of their massive fifth avenue mansion, and moved into a mansion at 1048 fifth avenue.	in 1940, neily sold his fifth avenue mansion in new york city to members of the astor family but remained living there until his death from a cerebral hemorrhage while vacationing in miami beach, florida aboard his yacht in 1942. following neily's death grace vanderbilt was forced to move out of their massive fifth avenue mansion, and moved into a mansion at 1048 fifth avenue.
seung-hui cho (january 18 1984 april 16 2007), also known as cho seung-hui and seung cho, was a disturbed mass murderer who shot and killed 32 people, and wounded 29 others, according to police reports.	seung-hui cho (january 18 1984 april 16 2007), also known as cho seung-hui and seung cho, was a mass murderer who shot and killed 32 people, and wounded 29 others, according to police reports.
in 2004 senior management came under fire for providing itself with huge bonuses after the merger with air france and while 4500 jobs were lost at klm.	in 2004 senior management came under fire for providing itself with controversial bonuses after the merger with air france and while 4500 jobs were lost at klm.
he is also a keen football fan and a supporter of chelsea.	he is also a football fan and a supporter of chelsea.
in 2011 former rough justice producer louise shorter and journalist mark daly produced the documentary a jury in the dark purporting that there were logical, non-criminal explanations for all the deaths.	in 2011 former rough justice producer louise shorter and journalist mark daly produced the documentary a jury in the dark arguing that there were logical, non-criminal explanations for all the deaths.
200913: songwriting career and worldwide recognition	200913: songwriting career and mainstream recognition
"because it is home to the sharks, the park is often affectionately known as ""the shark tank."""	"because it is home to the sharks, the park is often colloquially known as ""the shark tank."""
gnter bresnik (born april 21, 1961 ) is a legendary viennese tennis coach.	gnter bresnik (born april 21, 1961) is a viennese tennis coach.
"in 1985, findley wrote the best selling book ""they dare to speak out: people and institutions confront israel's lobby"" in which he claims that the pro-israel lobby, notably aipac, has vast undue influence over the united states congress."	"in 1985, findley wrote the best selling book ""they dare to speak out: people and institutions confront israel's lobby"" in which he states that the pro-israel lobby, notably aipac, has vast undue influence over the united states congress."
about 1.6% or 100,000 of palestinians residing in the palestinian territories of the west bank and gaza strip are christian , while four times as many palestinian christians, 400,000, now live in the diaspora, due to the harsh economic and humanitarian conditions resulting from the israeli presense , not to mention those who were made refugees as a result of the 1948 arab-israeli war that led to the establishment of israel.	about 1.6% or 100,000 of palestinians residing in the palestinian territories of the west bank and gaza strip are christian , while four times as many palestinian christians, 400,000, now live in the diaspora, due to the harsh economic and humanitarian conditions resulting from the israeli occupation , not to mention those who were made refugees as a result of the 1948 arab-israeli war that led to the establishment of israel.
in march 2015 shapps finally admitted to having had a second job whilst being an mp and practising business under the pen name.	in march 2015 shapps admitted to having had a second job whilst being an mp and practising business under the pen name.
early reception for the film has been overwhelmingly positive.	early reception for the film has been positive.
unfortunately , the change was made without testing the modified ammunition in the rifle under service conditions.	however , the change was made without testing the modified ammunition in the rifle under service conditions.
al franken, a noted liberal author, actor, and candidate for the us senate from minnesota devoted a chapter of his book lies and the lying liars who tell them to criticism of hannity.	al franken, a liberal author, actor, and candidate for the us senate from minnesota devoted a chapter of his book lies and the lying liars who tell them to criticism of hannity.
after the re-start schumacher led away again from hkkinen and barrichello, however hkkinen's race was to end on lap 25 when his front-right suspension broke and he speared off the track high-speed and slammed into a tyre barrier.	after the re-start schumacher led away again from hkkinen and barrichello, though hkkinen's race was to end on lap 25 when his front-right suspension broke and he speared off the track high-speed and slammed into a tyre barrier.
"gary fong (b. december 6, 1960 in seattle, wa, usa) is a world-famous photographer who ended his 20 year long career in 2002 to pursue other interests, including creating a product marketed as the solution to unflattering images lit with direct flash lighting called the ""lightsphere."""	"gary fong (b. december 6, 1960 in seattle, wa, usa) is a photographer who ended his 20 year long career in 2002 to pursue other interests, including creating a product marketed as the solution to unflattering images lit with direct flash lighting called the ""lightsphere."""
many of his critics argue that this is similar to how neo- conservatives whom he supports often view the world and that therefore he is ignoring certain biases in his own political camp.	many of his critics argue that this is similar to how conservatives whom he supports often view the world and that therefore he is ignoring certain biases in his own political camp.
joe had a son john who also played professional football for sheffield united, stoke city, doncaster rovers and stockport county between 1958 and 1964. he was tragically killed in a road accident on the woodhead pass in november 1964.	joe had a son john who also played professional football for sheffield united, stoke city, doncaster rovers and stockport county between 1958 and 1964. he was killed in a road accident on the woodhead pass in november 1964.
although its official status as member of the triple alliance together with germany and austria-hungary, in the years before the outbreak of the conflict the italian government had enhanced its diplomatic efforts towards united kingdom and france.	in spite of its official status as member of the triple alliance together with germany and austria-hungary, in the years before the outbreak of the conflict the italian government had enhanced its diplomatic efforts towards united kingdom and france.
jennifer saunders (born 1958), british comedienne and actress	jennifer saunders (born 1958), british comedian and actress
jennifer jane saunders (born 6 july 1958) is an english comedienne , screenwriter, actress and teacher.	jennifer jane saunders (born 6 july 1958) is an english comedian , screenwriter, actress and teacher.
numerous colleges and universities have satellite locations or extensions in huntsville:	various colleges and universities have satellite locations or extensions in huntsville:
the group's first full-length release, i'm not a fan...but the kids like it, debuted at #86 on the billboard 200 in 2009. brokencyde was scheduled to play dates on the us warped tour 2009 , leaving midway through the tour to begin a separate tour of europe.	the group's first full-length release, i'm not a fan...but the kids like it, debuted at #86 on the billboard 200 in 2009. brokencyde was scheduled to play dates on the us warped tour 2009 , and left midway through the tour to begin a separate tour of europe.
in london the brothels of southwark were even owned by the bishop of winchester.	in london the brothels of southwark were owned by the bishop of winchester.
"senior fellow shelby steele at stanford university's hoover institution lamented that the tragedy of trayvon martin's death was being exploited by a generation of ""ambulance-chasing"" black leaders who have promoted ""our historical victimization as the central theme of our group identity."""	"senior fellow shelby steele at stanford university's hoover institution said that the tragedy of trayvon martin's death was being exploited by a generation of ""ambulance-chasing"" black leaders who have promoted ""our historical victimization as the central theme of our group identity."""
in the 1891 census only 299 regular gaelic-speakers (7.6%) lived in the town.	in the 1891 census , 299 regular gaelic-speakers (7.6%) lived in the town.
the content of this book, according to the authors, is believed to be the essence of the teachings of hermes trismegistus and describes the seven hermetic principles which are : 1. mentalism 2. correspondence 3. vibration 4. polarity 5. rhythm 6. cause and effect 7. gender	the content of this book, according to the authors, is believed to be the essence of the teachings of hermes trismegistus and describes the seven hermetic principles which they define as : 1. mentalism 2. correspondence 3. vibration 4. polarity 5. rhythm 6. cause and effect 7. gender
the tillerman cycle is a series of children's novels by the acclaimed author cynthia voigt.	the tillerman cycle is a series of children's novels by the author cynthia voigt.
eleanor swift is a beloved professor at the university of california, berkeley's boalt hall school of law.	eleanor swift is a professor at the university of california, berkeley's boalt hall school of law.
khosrau ii's horrible leadership would eventually lead to the downfall and conquest of the sassanid persian empire	khosrau ii's leadership would eventually lead to the downfall and conquest of the sassanid persian empire
south africa's fledgling nuclear industry has seen its fair share of opposition, chiefly from environmentalists concerned about safety issues such as radioactive waste, and anti-war activists concerned about nuclear proliferation and use of atomic weapons.	south africa's nuclear industry has seen its fair share of opposition, chiefly from environmentalists concerned about safety issues such as radioactive waste, and anti-war activists concerned about nuclear proliferation and use of atomic weapons.
immediately, he lost all taste for the fine foods and beautiful boys and asked leave of the tyrant, saying he no longer wanted to be so fortunate.	immediately, he lost all taste for the fine foods and beautiful courtiers and asked leave of the tyrant, saying he no longer wanted to be so fortunate.
on 25 february, speculation that members of the zimbabwe national army were covertly fighting in libya to help prop up cornered dictator colonel muammar gaddafi grew as zimbabwes defence minister emmerson mnangagwa avoided giving a straight answer to a question posed in parliament about it.	on 25 february, speculation that members of the zimbabwe national army were covertly fighting in libya to help prop up cornered colonel muammar gaddafi grew as zimbabwes defence minister emmerson mnangagwa avoided giving a straight answer to a question posed in parliament about it.
their ideas of the consumption function were disproven in the 1950s (by milton friedman and franco modigliani.)	their ideas of the consumption function were later disputed in the 1950s (by milton friedman and franco modigliani.)
players participate in a shared universe, with the ability to exchange planet information with friends , though the game is also fully playable offline; this is enabled by the procedural generation system that assures players find the same planet with the same features, lifeforms, and other aspects once given the planet coordinates, requiring no further data to be stored or retrieved from game servers.	players participate in a shared universe, with the ability to exchange planet information with other players , though the game is also fully playable offline; this is enabled by the procedural generation system that assures players find the same planet with the same features, lifeforms, and other aspects once given the planet coordinates, requiring no further data to be stored or retrieved from game servers.
margaret skrinar, director of dance, was the visionary with the help of yolanda marino and mary goodman of the pittsburgh dance council and guest artists murray louis, kathryn posin and dan wagoner.	margaret skrinar, director of dance, was the founder with the help of yolanda marino and mary goodman of the pittsburgh dance council and guest artists murray louis, kathryn posin and dan wagoner.
as a part of the intense immigration process which spain in general and catalonia in particular have experienced over the last decade, there is a large number of foreign languages spoken in various cultural communities in catalonia, of which arabic and urdu are the more common .	as a part of the intense immigration process which spain in general and catalonia in particular have experienced over the last decade, there is a large number of non-official languages spoken in various cultural communities in catalonia, of which arabic and urdu are the more common .
mindflex is a toy by mattel which used brain waves to steer a ball through an obstacle course.	mindflex is a toy by mattel which apparently uses brain waves to steer a ball through an obstacle course.
he was a member of the notorious arajs kommando and was involved in murders of latvian jews as part of the holocaust but he never stood trial, though there are eyewitness accounts linking cukurs to war crimes.	he was a member of the arajs kommando and was involved in murders of latvian jews as part of the holocaust but he never stood trial, though there are eyewitness accounts linking cukurs to war crimes.
the stainless steel slide and frame are finished in a tough matte black oxide, then all flat surfaces are brush polished, leaving the recessed and curved surfaces dark and contrasting.	the stainless steel slide and frame are finished in a matte black oxide, then all flat surfaces are brush polished, leaving the recessed and curved surfaces dark and contrasting.
the san mateo times printed a photograph of the filming of this remarkable sequence.	the san mateo times printed a photograph of the filming of this sequence.
the essjay controversy arose in february 2007 after the new yorker magazine noted that prominent english wikipedia editor and administrator essjay, later self-identified as ryan jordan, was found to have made false claims on his wikipedia user page and lied in a phone interview concerning his age, job, activities, background, and academic credentials.	the essjay controversy arose in february 2007 after the new yorker magazine noted that prominent english wikipedia editor and administrator essjay, later self-identified as ryan jordan, was found to have made false claims on his wikipedia user page and in a phone interview concerning his age, job, activities, background, and academic credentials.
sahgal's father ranjit sitaram pandit was a successful barrister from kathiawad.	sahgal's father ranjit sitaram pandit was a barrister from kathiawad.
many art historians acknowledge that early marian iconography was heavily influenced by egyptian depictions of isis and horus as a baby, veneration of mary having first rose to prominence among the alexandrian christians (christians based in the see of alexandria, egypt); the jesus-as-myth position goes one step further and argue that this is due to mary herself deriving from worship of isis.	many art historians believe that early marian iconography was heavily influenced by egyptian depictions of isis and horus as a baby, veneration of mary having first rose to prominence among the alexandrian christians (christians based in the see of alexandria, egypt); the jesus-as-myth position goes one step further and argue that this is due to mary herself deriving from worship of isis.
anarcho-primitivists argue that symbolic culture filters our entire perception through formal and informal symbols and separates us from direct and unmediated contact with reality.	anarcho-primitivists state that symbolic culture filters our entire perception through formal and informal symbols and separates us from direct and unmediated contact with reality.
"the director of the apa's lgbt concerns office explained : ""i don't think that anyone disagrees with the idea that people can change because we know that straight people become gays and lesbians.... the issue is whether therapy changes sexual orientation, which is what many of these people claim."""	"the director of the apa's lgbt concerns office stated : ""i don't think that anyone disagrees with the idea that people can change because we know that straight people become gays and lesbians.... the issue is whether therapy changes sexual orientation, which is what many of these people claim."""
either tautological or contradictory), then it was meaningless (this is a summary statement of their infamous verification principle).	either tautological or contradictory), then it was meaningless (this is a summary statement of their verification principle).
in 2010, sam finally published the first book-length collection, sam and fuzzy fix your problem.	in 2010, sam published the first book-length collection, sam and fuzzy fix your problem.
the jpfo and its leadership has also criticized the nra's political strategy on several occasions, lambasting what it views as their counterproductive focus on capitol hill lobbying, as well as taking the nra and its leadership to task for not explicitly making a connection between gun control measures introduced in the united states and those implemented by the weimar republic and subsequently the nazi regime in pre-war germany, as well as other totalitarian, or ineffectual regimes that were eventually overthrown.	the jpfo and its leadership has also criticized the nra's political strategy on several occasions, opposing what it views as their counterproductive focus on capitol hill lobbying, as well as taking the nra and its leadership to task for not explicitly making a connection between gun control measures introduced in the united states and those implemented by the weimar republic and subsequently the nazi regime in pre-war germany, as well as other totalitarian, or ineffectual regimes that were eventually overthrown.
regulation of parties may run from a crackdown on or repression of all opposition parties, a norm for authoritarian governments, to the repression of certain parties which hold or promote views which run counter to the general ideology of the state's incumbents (or possess membership by-laws which are legally unenforceable).	regulation of parties may run from a crackdown on or repression of all opposition parties, a norm for authoritarian governments, to the repression of certain parties which hold or promote ideals which run counter to the general ideology of the state's incumbents (or possess membership by-laws which are legally unenforceable).
the dark knight returns also forever severed the friendly relationship of batman and superman, replacing it with a more antagonistic one.	the dark knight returns also severed the friendly relationship of batman and superman, replacing it with a more antagonistic one.
however, because it admits only women, it is usually referred to as a sorority.	however, because it admits only women, it is referred to as a sorority.
an increasing number of lively evangelical churches are situated throughout the city.	an increasing number of evangelical churches are situated throughout the city.
the telegraph journalist shane richmond correctly noted that hattersley did not appear to have a wikipedia biographical entry at the time, and that there did not appear to have been one in the past.	the telegraph journalist shane richmond noted that hattersley did not appear to have a wikipedia biographical entry at the time, and that there did not appear to have been one in the past.
this score was unfortunately removed from the us release of the film.	this score was removed from the us release of the film.
lillback claims to have entirely demolished the deist hypothesis.	lillback claims to have demolished the deist hypothesis.
sehwag is an explosive right-handed opening batsman and a part-time right-arm off-spin bowler.	sehwag is an aggressive right-handed opening batsman and a part-time right-arm off-spin bowler.
tawana brawley at a press conference in 1987the tawana brawley rape case involves tawana brawley, an african american woman, who in 1987 at age 15 received national media attention in the us for falsely accusing six white men, some of them police officers, in the village of wappingers falls, new york of rape.	tawana brawley at a press conference in 1987the tawana brawley rape case involves tawana brawley, an african american woman, who in 1987 at age 15 received national media attention in the us for accusing six white men, some of them police officers, in the village of wappingers falls, new york of rape.
dungiven (dun geimhin in irish, given's fort) is a large village in county londonderry, ulster , on the main belfast to derry road.	dungiven (dun geimhin in irish, given's fort) is a large village in county londonderry, northern ireland , on the main belfast to derry road.
in 2005, duke teamed up with don black of stormfront and now delivers a one-hour webcast six days a week.	in 2005, duke teamed up with don black of stormfront and delivers a one-hour webcast six days a week.
"it was also before a padres game here where comedienne roseanne barr gave her infamous rendition of ""the star-spangled banner"" in 1990."	"it was also before a padres game here where comedian roseanne barr gave her infamous rendition of ""the star-spangled banner"" in 1990."
"the contras (some references use the capitalized form, ""contras"") is a label given to the various u.s.-backed and funded right-wing terrorist groups that were active from 1979 to the early 1990s in opposition to the left-wing, socialist sandinista junta of national reconstruction government in nicaragua."	"the contras (some references use the capitalized form, ""contras"") is a label given to the various u.s.-backed and funded right-wing militant groups that were active from 1979 to the early 1990s in opposition to the left-wing, socialist sandinista junta of national reconstruction government in nicaragua."
the question of which was worn by bert lahr is hotly disputed.	the question of which was worn by bert lahr is disputed.
"its first president was joseph o'rourke, who was expelled from the jesuits and the priesthood in 1974. the group emerged from catholics for the elimination of all restrictive abortion & contraceptive laws, a new york lobby group that had been formed in 1970. the first public event held by the organization was the heretical crowning of patricia fogarty mcquillan as ""pope patricia"" on the steps of st. patrick's cathedral in new york to celebrate the first anniversary of the supreme court decision, roe v. wade."	"its first president was joseph o'rourke, who was expelled from the jesuits and the priesthood in 1974. the group emerged from catholics for the elimination of all restrictive abortion & contraceptive laws, a new york lobby group that had been formed in 1970. the first public event held by the organization was the crowning of patricia fogarty mcquillan as ""pope patricia"" on the steps of st. patrick's cathedral in new york to celebrate the first anniversary of the supreme court decision, roe v. wade."
the modern croats are undoubtedly a slavic people, but the archaeological and other historic evidence on the migration of the slavic settlers, the character of native population on present-day territory of croatia, and their mutual relationship show diverse historical influences.	the modern croats are considered a slavic people, but the archaeological and other historic evidence on the migration of the slavic settlers, the character of native population on present-day territory of croatia, and their mutual relationship show diverse historical influences.
in september 2001, limbaugh falsely denied suggestions that his voice and diction had changed.	in september 2001, limbaugh denied suggestions that his voice and diction had changed.
the natural beauty of lianzhou has been noted by poets such as liu yuxi and intellectuals such as han yu, who wrote about the area's landscape in yanxiting ji .	the natural environment of lianzhou has been noted by poets such as liu yuxi and intellectuals such as han yu, who wrote about the area's landscape in yanxiting ji .
one myth which had previously appeared in ripley's books, concerning an accidental execution of 1,200 turkish prisoners, has had its accuracy called into question by snopes.	one claim which had previously appeared in ripley's books, concerning an accidental execution of 1,200 turkish prisoners, has had its accuracy called into question by snopes.
the war began on the day of yom kippur with a surprise joint attack by egypt and syria crossing the cease-fire lines in the sinai and golan heights, respectively, which had been invaded by israel in 1967 during the six-day war.	the war began on the day of yom kippur with a surprise joint attack by egypt and syria crossing the cease-fire lines in the sinai and golan heights, respectively, which had been captured by israel in 1967 during the six-day war.
it was believed that rakia was first created in the 16th century in the balkans, the location albania , but the recent discovery of wording on on a sherd of pottery ( - i drank rakinja at the celebration (rakinja being the old word for rakia) indicates its presence in 14th century bulgaria.	it was believed that rakia was first created in the 16th century in the balkans, the location unknown , but the recent discovery of wording on on a sherd of pottery ( - i drank rakinja at the celebration (rakinja being the old word for rakia) indicates its presence in 14th century bulgaria.
washington regularly attended the established church of england, but he grew bored with its form of worship and refrained from using the term god, substituting terms frequently used in enlightenment doctrine such as the creator or the almighty in his correspondence and as commander in chief during the revolution.	washington regularly attended the established church of england, but he grew indifferent with its form of worship and refrained from using the term god, substituting terms frequently used in enlightenment doctrine such as the creator or the almighty in his correspondence and as commander in chief during the revolution.
for the rsc she directed shakespeare's titus andronicus, and it was while working there that she began her long-time collaboration with the great irish actress, fiona shaw - a collaboration that is frequently hailed as the most fruitful and enduring in theatre today.	for the rsc she directed shakespeare's titus andronicus, and it was while working there that she began her long-time collaboration with the well-known irish actress, fiona shaw - a collaboration that is frequently hailed as the most fruitful and enduring in theatre today.
arizona rejected a same-sex marriage amendment in a referendum as part of the 2006 elections.	arizona rejected a same-sex marriage ban in a referendum as part of the 2006 elections.
the declaration of the establishment of the state of israel, may 14, 1948, was the official announcement that a new jewish state, newly-named as the state of israel (medinat yisrael in hebrew), had been formally re- established in the british mandate of palestine.	the declaration of the establishment of the state of israel, may 14, 1948, was the official announcement that a new jewish state, newly-named as the state of israel (medinat yisrael in hebrew), had been formally established in the british mandate of palestine.
hence it is important to understand the facile distinctions between the concepts of theism as referring to beliefs, as opposed to those referring to concepts of essence and nature.	hence it is important to understand the distinctions between the concepts of theism as referring to beliefs, as opposed to those referring to concepts of essence and nature.
"the team was undefeated in its first 36 competitive home matches at maksimir, the run ending with a heavy defeat to england in september 2008. the team's traditional nickname is vatreni (""the blazers"")."	"the team was undefeated in its first 36 competitive home matches at maksimir, the run ending with a defeat to england in september 2008. the team's traditional nickname is vatreni (""the blazers"")."
dover is a beautiful city in tuscarawas county, ohio, united states.	dover is a city in tuscarawas county, ohio, united states.
the sultan murad division has been most notable for shelling and unsuccessfully fighting the syrian democratic forces (sdf) in the sheikh maqsood neighbourhood of aleppo and for its participation in the summer 2016 jarabulus offensive.	the sultan murad division has been most notable for shelling and fighting the syrian democratic forces (sdf) in the sheikh maqsood neighbourhood of aleppo and for its participation in the summer 2016 jarabulus offensive.
"the car's incredible handling prompted automotive writers to describe the europa as ""the nearest thing to a formula car for the road""."	"the car's handling prompted automotive writers to describe the europa as ""the nearest thing to a formula car for the road""."
although prizes grew the fame of winning the show had brought wealth no man in the 1950's could imagine.	although prizes grew the fame of winning the show had brought wealth no -one in the 1950's could imagine.
if proved (and nash was suitably skeptical) this would imply what we today would call p  np, since a proposed key can easily be verified in polynomial time.	if proved (and nash was skeptical) this would imply what we today would call p  np, since a proposed key can easily be verified in polynomial time.
cartoon network attracts people of all ages, making it the second highest rated channel in latin america, at least it was until 2005, since from that year has now been severely criticized by viewers (including veterans and novices), criticizing several problems of the channel: the current programming, the white logo, the slogan we do what we want, and the hype ben 10 franchise, blaming barry koch (current chairman and ceo of the channel) and his team for all this.	cartoon network attracts people of all ages, making it the second highest rated channel in latin america, at least it was until 2005, since from that year has now been severely criticized by viewers (including veterans and novices), criticizing several things of the channel: the current programming, the white logo, the slogan we do what we want, and the hype ben 10 franchise, blaming barry koch (current chairman and ceo of the channel) and his team for all this.
see the article goulash for its various international bastardizations and derivatives.	see the article goulash for its various international variations and derivatives.
"at worst, it seems that ""slutwalkers have internalised their abuse"" and ""pornified protest."""	"at worst, it has been said that ""slutwalkers have internalised their abuse"" and ""pornified protest."""
the confidence man persuades the target to advance relatively small sums of money (the advance fee) in the hope of realizing a much larger gain (usually touted as millions).	the confidence trickster persuades the target to advance relatively small sums of money (the advance fee) in the hope of realizing a much larger gain (usually touted as millions).
firefox still does not support tls 1.1 or 1.2.	firefox does not support tls 1.1 or 1.2.
on october 22, 2016 jessica drake and attorney gloria allred held a news conference where ms. drake became the 11th victim to accuse republican presidential candidate and businessman donald trump of sexual misconduct and of offering her us$10,000.00 to join him in his suite during a golf tournament in florida in 2006.	on october 22, 2016 jessica drake and attorney gloria allred held a news conference where ms. drake became the 11th woman to accuse republican presidential candidate and businessman donald trump of sexual misconduct and of offering her us$10,000.00 to join him in his suite during a golf tournament in florida in 2006.
the aim, structure and function of the aheng ensembles were clearly defined in the musical ensembles in albania and other balkan countries in the 18th to 20th centuries.	the aim, structure and function of the aheng ensembles were defined in the musical ensembles in albania and other balkan countries in the 18th to 20th centuries.
in 2013 banks transformed herself into 15 iconic supermodels, in collaboration with fashion photographer udo spreitzenbarth.	in 2013 banks transformed herself into 15 supermodels, in collaboration with fashion photographer udo spreitzenbarth.
there were also incentives provided by both sides that helped to secure the affiliations of regional peoples and leaders, and the tribes that depended most heavily upon colonial trade tended to side with the revolutionaries, though political factors were important as well.	there were also incentives provided by both sides that helped to secure the affiliations of regional peoples and leaders, and the tribes that depended most heavily upon sexual trade tended to side with the revolutionaries, though political factors were important as well.
two further men, hepburn and white (a cute drummer boy), were convicted of the act of sodomy itself, and were hanged at newgate on 7th march 1811.	two further men, hepburn and white (a drummer boy), were convicted of the act of sodomy itself, and were hanged at newgate on 7th march 1811.
massachusetts' law forcing everyone to buy insurance has reportedly caused costs there to increase faster than in the rest of the country.	massachusetts' law requiring everyone to buy insurance has reportedly caused costs there to increase faster than in the rest of the country.
steven novella, president of the notorious new england skeptical society, criticized the huffington post for allowing homeopathy proponent dana ullman to have a blog there:	steven novella, president of the new england skeptical society, criticized the huffington post for allowing homeopathy proponent dana ullman to have a blog there:
the entire battle is watched by part-time avenger moondragon, who realizes that korvac only wanted to help mankind , with his dying act being to restore the avengers and guardians to life.	the entire battle is watched by part-time avenger moondragon, who realizes that korvac only wanted to help humankind , with his dying act being to restore the avengers and guardians to life.
the super-secret defense intelligence agency (dia), designated in 1986 as a united states department of defense combat support intelligence agency was established in 1961. it has over 7,000 military and civilian employees worldwide and is a major producer and manager of intelligence for the department of defense.	the defense intelligence agency (dia), designated in 1986 as a united states department of defense combat support intelligence agency was established in 1961. it has over 7,000 military and civilian employees worldwide and is a major producer and manager of intelligence for the department of defense.
naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is an english supermodel , singer, actress, and fashion designer.	naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is an english model , singer, actress, and fashion designer.
"it is still considered a ""species of concern,"" but noaa officials claimed that the more stringent international fishing rules created in november 2010 would be enough for the atlantic bluefin tuna to recover."	"it is still considered a ""species of concern,"" but noaa officials said that the more stringent international fishing rules created in november 2010 would be enough for the atlantic bluefin tuna to recover."
it opposes and lobbies against the lgbt agenda (such as same-sex marriage, same-sex civil unions, and lgbt adoption), abortion, divorce, embryonic stem-cell research and pornography.	it opposes and lobbies against the lgbt rights (such as same-sex marriage, same-sex civil unions, and lgbt adoption), abortion, divorce, embryonic stem-cell research and pornography.
fragaria x ananassa 'gariguette', a tasty cultivar grown in southern france.	fragaria x ananassa 'gariguette', a cultivar grown in southern france.
taiwan was placed under the administrative control of the republic of china by the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration (unrra), and the roc put taiwan under military occupation .	taiwan was placed under the administrative control of the republic of china by the united nations relief and rehabilitation administration (unrra), and the roc put taiwan under military rule .
"is a type of pseudoscientific alternative medicine, highly controversial among experts, that aims to treat ""like with like."""	"is a type of alternative medicine, highly controversial among experts, that aims to treat ""like with like."""
the historic nintendo entertainment system, or nes, is an 8-bit video game console released by nintendo in north america, europe and australia.	the nintendo entertainment system, or nes, is an 8-bit video game console released by nintendo in north america, europe and australia.
waybuloo has faced criticism from some hypocritical christian communities, who argue that the programme includes religious aspects of buddhism and hinduism such as meditation and enlightenment and so is unsuitable for young children	waybuloo has faced criticism from some christian communities, who argue that the programme includes religious aspects of buddhism and hinduism such as meditation and enlightenment and so is unsuitable for young children
johnson v. m'intosh is a famous supreme court case that held that private citizens could not purchase lands from native americans.	johnson v. m'intosh is a notable supreme court case that held that private citizens could not purchase lands from native americans.
iraq was briefly a co-belligerent of the axis, fighting the united kingdom in the anglo-iraqi war of may, 1941.	iraq was briefly a ally of the axis, fighting the united kingdom in the anglo-iraqi war of may, 1941.
skagra, an up-and-coming would-be conqueror of the universe, needs the assistance of one of the prison's inmates, but finds that nobody knows where shada is anymore except one aged time lord who has retired to earth, where he is masquerading as a professor at st. cedd's college, cambridge (the story features some lovely on-location filming in cambridge, all of which was fortunately completed before the strike).	skagra, an up-and-coming would-be conqueror of the universe, needs the assistance of one of the prison's inmates, but finds that nobody knows where shada is anymore except one aged time lord who has retired to earth, where he is masquerading as a professor at st. cedd's college, cambridge (the story features some on-location filming in cambridge, all of which was fortunately completed before the strike).
"to quote the manual, ""dosemu"" is a user-level program which uses certain special features of the linux kernel and the 80386 processor to run ms-dos/freedos/dr-dos in what we in the biz call a `dos box.'"	"to quote the manual, ""dosemu"" is a user-level program which uses certain special features of the linux kernel and the 80386 processor to run ms-dos/freedos/dr-dos in what people in the biz call a `dos box.'"
rather, this consensus was formed by people who were not cured or continue to suffer from the condition.	rather, this consensus is considered to have been formed by people who were not cured or continue to suffer from the condition.
in 1999 during the kosovo war 63rd paratroop brigade had many missions against kla terrorists and one assault in macedonia on nato units.	in 1999 during the kosovo war 63rd paratroop brigade had many missions against kla forces and one assault in macedonia on nato units.
her father owns and operates the best known italian restaurant in iceland, and many icelanders first remember her as a beautiful young waitress.	her father owns and operates the best known italian restaurant in iceland, and many icelanders first remember her as a young waitress.
"on september 8, 2006, a federal judge ordered barrington to pay back $22.5 million ""in ill-gotten gains"", and the defendants could owe even more--up to $87 million--depending on how many q-ray customers seek refunds."	"on september 8, 2006, a federal judge ordered qt inc. to pay back $22.5 million ""in ill-gotten gains"", and the defendants could owe even more--up to $87 million--depending on how many q-ray customers seek refunds."
from 1929, macdonald was an associate editor at luce's ambitious fortune.	from 1929, macdonald was an associate editor at luce's business magazine fortune.
the city of edinburgh has administered the house since mrs reid's death in 1926, which today offers a fascinating glimpse of edwardian life in a scottish country house.	the city of edinburgh has administered the house since mrs reid's death in 1926, which today offers a glimpse of edwardian life in a scottish country house.
senator mccain is a good personal friend of sopranos actors james gandolfini and tony sirico, as well as shock-rock musician alice cooper and radio talk show host don imus.	senator mccain is a good personal friend of sopranos actors james gandolfini and tony sirico, as well as musician alice cooper and radio talk show host don imus.
reza cyrus pahlavi (persian: , born october 31, 1960) is the elder son of late shah mohammad reza pahlavi and shahbanu farah diba pahlavi and pretender to the former throne of iran.	reza cyrus pahlavi (persian: , born october 31, 1960) is the elder son of late shah mohammad reza pahlavi and shahbanu farah diba pahlavi and claimant to the former throne of iran.
the organization uses cameras, sensors, hawkeye spotters, and unmanned aerial vehicles to identify suspected border intruders (the organization has outfitted three model airplanes with cameras which are designed to home in on ground sensors triggered by people walking in the desert).	the organization uses cameras, sensors, hawkeye spotters, and unmanned aerial vehicles to identify suspected border crossings (the organization has outfitted three model airplanes with cameras which are designed to home in on ground sensors triggered by people walking in the desert).
the prc claims that taiwan has been a part of china for hundreds of years, and was returned by japan to china in 1945 after fifty years of japanese occupation of taiwan.	the prc claims that taiwan has been a part of china for hundreds of years, and was returned by japan to china in 1945 after fifty years of japanese sovereignty of taiwan.
according to a more recent pew study these numbers appear to improve slowly but steadily.	according to a more recent pew study these numbers appear to increase slowly but steadily.
is a live progressive country album by jerry jeff walker and the lost gonzo band recorded august 18, 1973 at the legendary luckenbach dancehall in luckenbach, texas and released later that year on mca nashville records.	is a live progressive country album by jerry jeff walker and the lost gonzo band recorded august 18, 1973 at the luckenbach dancehall in luckenbach, texas and released later that year on mca nashville records.
work began in 1890 on the 17 hectare (43 acre) park and, upon its opening in 1911, it was christened parque sarmiento in honor of former president domingo sarmiento, the noted promoter of the national educational system born one hundred years earlier.	work began in 1890 on the 17 hectare (43 acre) park and, upon its opening in 1911, it was named parque sarmiento in honor of former president domingo sarmiento, the noted promoter of the national educational system born one hundred years earlier.
there have been controversies regarding thai's role in the kla and claims about him being involved in organized crime.	there have been controversies regarding thai's role in the kla and allegations about him being involved in organized crime.
"israel also pursues a policy of ""targeted killings"", the killing of militants and especially prominent leaders who are involved in perpetrating attacks against israelis, to eliminate imminent threats and to intimidate others from following suit."	"israel also pursues a policy of ""targeted killings"", the killing of militants and especially prominent leaders who are involved in perpetrating attacks against israelis, to eliminate imminent threats and to deter others from following suit."
the city dominant is the mountain kl (759 m), offers breathtaking views over a large part of northern bohemia, all the way to germany and poland on the north and krkonoe mountains in the east to almost the outskirts of prague in the south.	the city dominant is the mountain kl (759 m), offers panoramic views over a large part of northern bohemia, all the way to germany and poland on the north and krkonoe mountains in the east to almost the outskirts of prague in the south.
today, the peace corps, christian groups, and charities feed hungry people all over the world, especially in countries hardest hit by famine.	today, the peace corps, religous groups, and charities feed hungry people all over the world, especially in countries hardest hit by famine.
minnesota nice is the stereotypical behavior of long time minnesota residents to be insincerely courteous, reserved, and mild mannered.	minnesota nice is the stereotypical behavior of long time minnesota residents to be courteous, reserved, and mild mannered.
he has also won prestigious national and international recognition for teaching, mentoring, and research.	he has also won national and international recognition for teaching, mentoring, and research.
an artist may worry that his/her voice is not strong enough, that it will sound noticeably different from recorded versions, or that he will hit a wrong note.	an artist may worry that their voice is not strong enough, that it will sound noticeably different from recorded versions, or that he will hit a wrong note.
syed mohammed yusuf shah, popularly known as syed salahudeen, is the head of hizb-ul-mujahideen, a group operating in kashmir, and head of an alliance of anti-india militant groups , the united jihad council, that works to annex the indian state of jammu and kashmir to pakistan .	syed mohammed yusuf shah, popularly known as syed salahudeen, is the head of hizb-ul-mujahideen, a kashmiri separatist militant organization operating in kashmir, and head of an alliance of anti-india militant groups , the united jihad council, that works to annex the indian state of jammu and kashmir to pakistan .
the scene was graphically extended in the special edition.	the scene was extended in the special edition.
she dreams of being a comedienne when she is older, as she is always telling jokes, much to the annoyance of others.	she dreams of being a comedian when she is older, as she is always telling jokes, much to the annoyance of others.
accuracy in media (aim) is an american, non-profit news media watchdog founded in 1969 by economist and die-hard anti-communist	accuracy in media (aim) is an american, non-profit news media watchdog founded in 1969 by economist and anti-communist
lee smith (born in 1983) is a talented californian musician.	lee smith (born in 1983) is a californian musician.
"the beloved ""pride of lindale"" marching band, a rare high school military-style marching band, was an area finalist in 2007 and 2009. the band also has a 34-year record of consistent first-division ratings at region marching competition."	"the ""pride of lindale"" marching band, a rare high school military-style marching band, was an area finalist in 2007 and 2009. the band also has a 34-year record of consistent first-division ratings at region marching competition."
"the fox news channel is a top-rated u.s. conservative cable and satellite news channel, who claims to provide ""fair & balanced"" news."	"the fox news channel is a u.s. conservative cable and satellite news channel, who claims to provide ""fair & balanced"" news."
robert rauschenberg studied at the prestigious kansas city art institute and the acadmie julian in paris france, before enrolling in 1948 at the legendary black mountain college in north carolina.	robert rauschenberg studied at the kansas city art institute and the acadmie julian in paris france, before enrolling in 1948 at the legendary black mountain college in north carolina.
the writers of the study expressed interest in creating a reconstruction of a muttaburrasaurus foot as an extension of the study, although unfortunately no muttaburrasaurus pedal material is known.	the writers of the study expressed interest in creating a reconstruction of a muttaburrasaurus foot as an extension of the study, although no muttaburrasaurus pedal material is known.
the venue was prematurely closed due to crowd control issues far before looptopia ended.	the venue was closed due to crowd control issues far before looptopia ended.
the queen charlottes gold rush was a gold rush in the southern queen charlotte islands (haida gwaii) near british columbia, canada, in 1851.	the queen charlottes gold rush was a gold rush in the southern queen charlotte islands (haida gwaii) of what is now the north coast of british columbia, canada, in 1851.
when playing a bellowspipe, this attaches the player's arm to the bellows allowing him to control them.	when playing a bellowspipe, this attaches the player's arm to the bellows allowing the player to control them.
the kathavatthu, a book of the abhidhamma, claims that it was composed more than two hundred years after the buddha.	the kathavatthu, a book of the abhidhamma, states that it was composed more than two hundred years after the buddha.
civil war, decossackization, and holodomor	civil war, decossackization, and famine of 1932-33
alice malsenior walker (born february 9, 1944) is an antisemite american author, poet, womanist, and activist.	alice malsenior walker (born february 9, 1944) is an american author, poet, womanist, and activist.
the grand duchy was dissolved in 1815 and poland did not become a state until 1918. napoleon's impact on poland was dramatic , including the napoleonic legal code, the abolition of serfdom, and the introduction of modern middle class bureaucracies.	the grand duchy was dissolved in 1815 and poland did not become a state until 1918. napoleon's impact on poland was huge , including the napoleonic legal code, the abolition of serfdom, and the introduction of modern middle class bureaucracies.
a team representing and playing in melbourne's south east is desirable for the very multicultural population of 1,700,000+ people residing in the south east, due to having to travel the long distance to the cbd in order to watch a sporting match.	a team representing and playing in melbourne's south east is proposed for the very multicultural population of 1,700,000+ people residing in the south east, due to having to travel the long distance to the cbd in order to watch a sporting match.
in 1983 anton borrell marc was the new mayor of the city, but he died tragically in a car accident on the road from reus to cambrils, then his successor was juan maria roig.	in 1983 anton borrell marc was the new mayor of the city, but he died in a car accident on the road from reus to cambrils, then his successor was juan maria roig.
steve kamb (born in sandwich, massachusetts) is a self-employed personal trainer, fitness instructor, blogger, and e-book author best known for pushing the paleolithic diet at the website nerdfitness.com.	steve kamb (born in sandwich, massachusetts) is a self-employed personal trainer, fitness instructor, blogger, and e-book author best known for promoting the paleolithic diet at the website nerdfitness.com.
the theorem holds under remarkably general conditions.	the theorem holds under general conditions.
he has conducted numerous piano concerti with acclaimed piano concertist eva maria zuk.	he has conducted numerous piano concerti with piano concertist eva maria zuk.
soon, she emerged as one of the supermodels of the world, touring europe and the united states, then returning home.	soon, she emerged as one of the models of the world, touring europe and the united states, then returning home.
the general election of 1930, brought to power the notorious r.b.	the general election of 1930, brought to power the r.b.
unfortunately meelin lost this pulsating game after extra time on a scoreline of 4-16 to 2-20.	meelin lost this pulsating game after extra time on a scoreline of 4-16 to 2-20.
shortly after wrestlemania x-seven, the wwf launched the ill-fated invasion storyline integrating the incoming talent roster from wcw and extreme championship wrestling (ecw).	shortly after wrestlemania x-seven, the wwf launched the invasion storyline integrating the incoming talent roster from wcw and extreme championship wrestling (ecw).
harry benson world-renowned celebrity and pop culture photographer	harry benson , celebrity and pop culture photographer
the bell tower dominates the picturesque valley among the rocks and woods.	the bell tower dominates the valley among the rocks and woods.
all cultures have their own values regarding appropriate and inappropriate sexuality; some have sanctioned same-sex love and sexuality, while many others have disapproved of such activities.	all cultures have their own values regarding appropriate and inappropriate sexuality; some have sanctioned same-sex love and sexuality, while others have disapproved of such activities.
"american r&b singer mariah carey mention povich in a song called ""it's a wrap"" in her upcoming album memoirs of an imperfect angel, with a line "" go make me go call maury porvich"""	"american r&b singer mariah carey mention povich in a song called ""it's a wrap"" in her upcoming album memoirs of an imperfect angel, with a line "" don't make me go call maury porvich"""
delicious nettle soup recipes	nettle soup recipes
the novel was released and adapted into a successful 1999 film by director sofia coppola.	the novel was released and adapted into a 1999 film by director sofia coppola.
"along with prominent attorney david yerushalmi, he is co-founder and senior counsel of the american freedom law center (aflc), a national nonprofit law firm whose stated mission is ""to fight for faith and freedom by advancing and defending americas judeo-christian heritage and moral foundation through litigation, education, and public policy programs."""	"along with attorney david yerushalmi, he is co-founder and senior counsel of the american freedom law center (aflc), a national nonprofit law firm whose stated mission is ""to fight for faith and freedom by advancing and defending americas judeo-christian heritage and moral foundation through litigation, education, and public policy programs."""
"the robot ""maniac"" has been shot by the robot ""bottom"" in this exciting screen capture."	"the robot ""maniac"" has been shot by the robot ""bottom"" in this screen capture."
the sentences were later vacated by the islamic judiciary's supreme court, but they did not forgive ebarahimi's outrageous videotaped confession and sentenced him to 48 months jail, including 16 months solitary.	the sentences were later vacated by the islamic judiciary's supreme court, but they did not forgive ebarahimi's videotaped confession and sentenced him to 48 months jail, including 16 months solitary.
meanwhile, he added, iraqi forces had managed to retake the village of wadi al-qasab in the al-shura district and the village of al-hamza in hamam al-alil, both of which lay to the south of the daesh -held city.	meanwhile, he added, iraqi forces had managed to retake the village of wadi al-qasab in the al-shura district and the village of al-hamza in hamam al-alil, both of which lay to the south of the isis -held city.
businessmen commonly think in terms of purposeful action as in, for example, management by objectives.	business people commonly think in terms of purposeful action as in, for example, management by objectives.
his controversial 2008 memoir, i have fun everywhere i go has met with great critical acclaim.	his 2008 memoir, i have fun everywhere i go has met with great critical acclaim.
"although he has denied that his crimes were religiously or racially motivated, rudolph has also called himself a roman catholic in ""the war to end this holocaust"" ( of abortion)."	"although he has denied that his crimes were religiously or racially motivated, rudolph has also called himself a roman catholic in ""the war to end this holocaust"" ( in reference to abortion)."
notorious accusations of anti-semitism	accusations of anti-semitism
"left-wing critic michael kinsley, in the new york times book review, lauded hitchens' ""... logical flourishes and conundrums, many of them entertaining to the nonbeliever."""	"liberal critic michael kinsley, in the new york times book review, lauded hitchens' ""... logical flourishes and conundrums, many of them entertaining to the nonbeliever."""
he was a winner of the afl goal of the year 2002 award and has an ability to kick goals from extraordinary angles.	he was a winner of the afl goal of the year 2002 award and has an ability to kick goals from acute angles.
camille anna paglia (born 2 april 1947 in endicott, new york) is an american author, teacher, social critic and self-described feminist.	camille anna paglia (born 2 april 1947 in endicott, new york) is an american author, teacher, social critic and feminist.
this law governs organ donations for the purpose of transplantation, and it also governs the making of anatomical gifts of your cadaver to be dissected in the study of medicine.	this law governs organ donations for the purpose of transplantation, and it also governs the making of anatomical gifts of one's cadaver to be dissected in the study of medicine.
kate warner is a fictional character in the popular television series 24. she is jack bauer's (kiefer sutherland) romantic interest in the show's second season.	kate warner is a fictional character in the television series 24. she is jack bauer's (kiefer sutherland) romantic interest in the show's second season.
furthermore, in order to commemorate that event, the communist authorities laid a foundation stone for a grandiose sculptural monument, which fortunately failed to materialize.	furthermore, in order to commemorate that event, the communist authorities laid a foundation stone for a grandiose sculptural monument, which failed to materialize.
while there he persuaded the company to allow him to undertake a critical edition of the rig-veda, a task he pursued doggedly over many years (18491874), and which resulted in the critical edition for which he is most remembered.	while there he persuaded the company to allow him to undertake a critical edition of the rig-veda, a task he pursued over many years (18491874), and which resulted in the critical edition for which he is most remembered.
charlotte church (born charlotte maria reed on 21 february 1986) is a sexy welsh singer-songwriter, actress and television presenter.	charlotte church (born charlotte maria reed on 21 february 1986) is a welsh singer-songwriter, actress and television presenter.
prishtina is the capital and largest city.	pristina is the capital and largest city.
further, by mid-2004 the airline had announced it would be closing its fourth busiest hub (dallas-fort worth international airport), which it did on january 31, 2005. in a huge concessionary move, the pilots at delta agreed to across-the-board 32.5% reductions in hourly pay rates in order to help the company stave off a bankruptcy filing.	further, by mid-2004 the airline had announced it would be closing its fourth busiest hub (dallas-fort worth international airport), which it did on january 31, 2005. in a significant concessionary move, the pilots at delta agreed to across-the-board 32.5% reductions in hourly pay rates in order to help the company stave off a bankruptcy filing.
"as ""darwinism"" became widely accepted in the 1870s, amusing caricatures of charles darwin with an ape or monkey body symbolised evolution."	"as ""darwinism"" became widely accepted in the 1870s, caricatures of charles darwin with an ape or monkey body symbolised evolution."
under normal circumstances, nuclear reactors release small amounts of radioactive gases, which cause negligibly- small radiation exposures to the public.	under normal circumstances, nuclear reactors release small amounts of radioactive gases, which cause small radiation exposures to the public.
dohler made several more ultra low-budget films during the 1980s, including the galaxy invader, nightbeast, blood massacre and fiend, a serial killer film with a supernatural twist.	dohler made several more low-budget films during the 1980s, including the galaxy invader, nightbeast, blood massacre and fiend, a serial killer film with a supernatural twist.
four days later, on april 13, the arabs launched a retaliatory strike on a medical convoy traveling to hadassah hospital.	four days later, on april 13, the arabs launched a strike on a medical convoy traveling to hadassah hospital.
christoph willibald (ritter von) gluck (; 4 july 1714 15 november 1787) was german composer of italian and french opera in the early classical period.	christoph willibald (ritter von) gluck (; 4 july 1714 15 november 1787) was an austrian composer of italian and french opera in the early classical period.
notably missing from the list of those invited are gene robinson and martyn minns.	notably absent from the list of those invited are gene robinson and martyn minns.
both give interesting takes on the union and antiwar movements from a socialist pov .	both give interesting takes on the union and antiwar movements from a socialist point of view .
it is a eurocentric term that nevertheless retains frequent popular usage.	it is often considered an eurocentric term that nevertheless retains frequent popular usage.
the uk maintained it would arrest assange should he leave the ecuadorian embassy.	the uk said it would arrest assange should he leave the ecuadorian embassy.
in 2003 he won the prestigious comedy newcomer award so you think you're funny.	in 2003 he won the comedy newcomer award so you think you're funny.
his mocking of the catholic church made him unpopular amongst some irish catholics, while his mocking of the extremist ulster protestant leader ian paisley made him unpopular amongst many protestants in northern ireland.	his mocking of the catholic church made him unpopular amongst some irish catholics, while his mocking of the ulster protestant leader ian paisley made him unpopular amongst many protestants in northern ireland.
however, searle understands mental properties to be a species of physical propertyones with first-person ontology.	however, searle holds mental properties to be a species of physical propertyones with first-person ontology.
this sweet, in the form of a bar was christened caram'bar.	this sweet, in the form of a bar was named caram'bar.
in early 2003 the department for transport announced that the a303 would be upgraded, including the construction of the overdue stonehenge road tunnel.	in early 2003 the department for transport announced that the a303 would be upgraded, including the construction of the stonehenge road tunnel.
ross also appeared on backing vocals, and appeared in its unusual music video.	ross also appeared on backing vocals, and appeared in its music video.
unfortunately the attempt was eventually unsuccessful and the series closed with a last episode published on october 2005.	the attempt was eventually unsuccessful and the series closed with a last episode published on october 2005.
it is on a narrow ridge running south from the temple mount in the predominantly palestinian neighborhood of silwan in occupied east jerusalem.	it is on a narrow ridge running south from the temple mount in the predominantly palestinian neighborhood of silwan in east jerusalem.
the spread of humans and their large and increasing population has had a destructive impact on large areas of the environment and millions of native species worldwide.	the spread of humans and their large and increasing population has had a profound impact on large areas of the environment and millions of native species worldwide.
"in 2014, sia released her sixth studio album, 1000 forms of fear, which debuted atop the u.s. billboard 200 and generated the top-ten breakthrough single ""chandelier"" and a trilogy of popular music videos starring child dancer maddie ziegler."	"in 2014, sia released her sixth studio album, 1000 forms of fear, which debuted atop the u.s. billboard 200 and generated the top-ten breakthrough single ""chandelier"" and a trilogy of music videos starring child dancer maddie ziegler."
"randall william ""randy"" rhoads (december 6, 1956 march 19, 1982) was an american virtuoso guitarist, rated by rolling stone magazine as one of rock music's 100 greatest guitarists of all time."	"randall william ""randy"" rhoads (december 6, 1956 march 19, 1982) was an american guitarist, rated by rolling stone magazine as one of rock music's 100 greatest guitarists of all time."
the picturesque town center of mindelheim reflects the typical structure of a medieval settlement.	the town center of mindelheim reflects the typical structure of a medieval settlement.
there were once a few homesteads, and gypo logging operations, most of which are now summer cabins.	there were once a few homesteads, and small logging operations, most of which are now summer cabins.
eastenders is a popular bbc television soap opera, first broadcast on 19 february 1985. it has been running ever since, generating strong viewing figures for much of that time, and has at times been the uk's highest-rated programme.	eastenders is a bbc television soap opera, first broadcast on 19 february 1985. it has been running ever since, generating strong viewing figures for much of that time, and has at times been the uk's highest-rated programme.
keyser died in java the following year the expedition had many casualties but his catalogue of 135 stars , probably prepared with the help of explorer-colleague frederick de houtman, was delivered to plancius, who arranged them in 12 new constellations and inscribed them on a 35-cm celestial globe which he prepared in late 1597 (or early 1598) in collaboration with the amsterdam cartographer jodocus hondius the elder.	keyser died in java the following year the expedition had many casualties but his catalogue of 135 stars , maybe prepared with the help of explorer-colleague frederick de houtman, was delivered to plancius, who arranged them in 12 new constellations and inscribed them on a 35-cm celestial globe which he prepared in late 1597 (or early 1598) in collaboration with the amsterdam cartographer jodocus hondius the elder.
in 1895, booth became a neutralised american citizen.	in 1895, booth became a naturalized american citizen.
this profound work contains the method for finding mutually consistent solutions for two-person zero-sum games.	this foundational work contains the method for finding mutually consistent solutions for two-person zero-sum games.
future legendary liverpool manager bob paisley was dropped for the final, even after scoring the winning goal against rivals everton in the semi final.	future liverpool manager bob paisley was dropped for the final, even after scoring the winning goal against rivals everton in the semi final.
famous on -air jargon	on -air jargon
"trump said he would not take sides so as to be a neutral negotiator in the israeli-palestinian peace talks though confoundingly also added that he is ""totally pro-israel""."	"trump said he would not take sides so as to be a neutral negotiator in the israeli-palestinian peace talks though he also added that he is ""totally pro-israel""."
"jubilation ""jubilee"" lee is a fictional character, a marvel comics superheroine associated with the x-men."	"jubilation ""jubilee"" lee is a fictional character, a marvel comics superhero associated with the x-men."
arjun (tank), great indian main battle tank	arjun (tank), indian main battle tank
11 wins - affirmed, azeri, exceller goldikova, rough habit, serena's song	11 wins - affirmed, azeri, goldikova, rough habit, serena's song
unauthorized births are punished by death , although there have also been allegations of illegal forced abortions and forced sterilization.	unauthorized births are punished by fines , although there have also been allegations of illegal forced abortions and forced sterilization.
ontario all areas of ontario, unless otherwise specified by town or city by-laws, allow both males and females to be topfree in public.	ontario all areas of ontario, unless otherwise specified by town or city by-laws, allow both males and females to be topless in public.
"as president, he has continued to make very public appearances attending mass as well as proclaiming his faith (even kissing pope john paul ii's ring upon his arrival in mexico in 2002) and always ending his speeches with a ""god bless you"", enraging several sectors of mexican society for mixing politics and religion."	"as president, he has continued to make very public appearances attending mass as well as proclaiming his faith (even kissing pope john paul ii's ring upon his arrival in mexico in 2002) and at times ending his speeches with a ""god bless you"", enraging several sectors of mexican society for mixing politics and religion."
it was conceived during the national shock following the death in 1984 of tancredo neves, the first elected civilian president after twenty years of military dictatorship .	it was conceived during the national shock following the death in 1984 of tancredo neves, the first elected civilian president after twenty years of military rule .
he is the eccentric mayor of the town of quahog, rhode island, where the show is set.	he is the mayor of the town of quahog, rhode island, where the show is set.
the library holds a magnificent collection of over 20,000 and 42000 volumes of printed books from early the islamic period to the present.	the library holds a notable collection of over 20,000 and 42000 volumes of printed books from early the islamic period to the present.
the art nouveau interior, including the tiled stoves, by boberg are designed in a gustavian style and makes good use of both the stunning panoramic view of the inlet to stockholm and the light resulting from the elevated location of the building.	the art nouveau interior, including the tiled stoves, by boberg are designed in a gustavian style and makes good use of both the panoramic view of the inlet to stockholm and the light resulting from the elevated location of the building.
in addition to the trails, visitors may fish, boat, or enjoy an educational lesson at the nature center.	in addition to the trails, visitors may fish, boat, or take an educational lesson at the nature center.
in an attempt to create a sense of community and an atmosphere of education outside the classroom, the university has undertaken the massive $250 million residential college project on west campus.	in an attempt to create a sense of community and an atmosphere of education outside the classroom, the university has undertaken the $250 million residential college project on west campus.
the cannabis plant has been used as a medicine over an extensive period of time, with legendary evidence dating back to the fictional shen nung in 2737 bce.	the cannabis plant has been used as a medicine over an extensive period of time, with evidence dating back to the fictional shen nung in 2737 bce.
the jewish defense league (jdl) is a jewish organization whose claimed goal is to protect jews from antisemitism.	the jewish defense league (jdl) is a jewish organization whose stated goal is to protect jews from antisemitism.
a patrician from seleucia sidera, his family allegedly of arab descent, nikephoros was appointed finance minister (logothets tou genikou) by the empress irene.	a patrician from seleucia sidera, his family probably of arab descent, nikephoros was appointed finance minister (logothets tou genikou) by the empress irene.
in 1986, sinn fin recognised the legitimacy of the irish dil, which caused a small group of hardline republicans to break away and form republican sinn fin.	in 1986, sinn fin recognised the legitimacy of the irish dil, which caused a small group of republicans to break away and form republican sinn fin.
after the 1979 islamic revolution in iran, bahraini sh'a fundamentalists in 1981 orchestrated a failed coup attempt under the auspices of a front organisation, the islamic front for the liberation of bahrain.	after the 1979 islamic revolution in iran, bahraini sh'a activists in 1981 orchestrated a failed coup attempt under the auspices of a front organisation, the islamic front for the liberation of bahrain.
"katherine ""kate"" ann moss (born 16 january 1974) is an english supermodel ."	"katherine ""kate"" ann moss (born 16 january 1974) is an english model ."
the kosovo liberation army (abbreviated kla; ) was an ethnic-albanian military organization which sought the separation of kosovo from yugoslavia during the 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army (abbreviated kla; ) was an ethnic-albanian paramilitary organization which sought the separation of kosovo from yugoslavia during the 1990s.
the film won best narrative feature at the 9th tribeca film festival, best film at the 37th ghent film festival in belgium, the prestigious european parliament's lux prize, and has been selected as the german entry for the best foreign language film at the 83rd academy awards, but it didn't make the final shortlist.	the film won best narrative feature at the 9th tribeca film festival, best film at the 37th ghent film festival in belgium, the european parliament's lux prize, and has been selected as the german entry for the best foreign language film at the 83rd academy awards, but it didn't make the final shortlist.
many protestants avoid the area due to fear of attack, although bus service metro 5a runs through mountpottinger en-route to braniel, home of loyalist bomber michael stone who committed the 1988 milltown massacre.	many protestants avoid the area due to fear of attack, although bus service metro 5a runs through mountpottinger en-route to braniel, home of unionist bomber michael stone who committed the 1988 milltown massacre.
this marked only the fourth election in u.s. history in which the eventual winner failed to win a plurality of the popular vote (after the elections of 1824, 1876, and 1888).	this marked the fourth election in u.s. history in which the eventual winner failed to win a plurality of the popular vote (after the elections of 1824, 1876, and 1888).
the bleak morrisania air rights in the melrose section of the bronx.	the morrisania air rights in the melrose section of the bronx.
mama ji is a nice drama with comedy and romance.	mama ji is a drama with comedy and romance.
the results are satisfying to these hobbyists,	the results can be satisfying to these hobbyists,
ana violeta navarro flores (born december 28, 1971) is a nicaraguan-born american republican strategist and political commentator for various news outlets, including cnn, cnn en espaol, abc news, telemundo, and the view.	ana violeta navarro flores (born december 28, 1971) is a nicaraguan-born american political strategist and political commentator for various news outlets, including cnn, cnn en espaol, abc news, telemundo, and the view.
nonetheless, these passages have been historically used wrongly by some christian groups to justify the persecution of jews.	nonetheless, these passages have been historically used by some christian groups to justify the persecution of jews.
madden nfl is a groundbreaking american football video game series developed by electronic arts tiburon for ea sports.	madden nfl is a american football video game series developed by electronic arts tiburon for ea sports.
although often inaccurately called battlecruisers, officially the navy classed them as large cruisers (cb).	although often called battlecruisers, officially the navy classed them as large cruisers (cb).
in 1981 he joined the cast of the fledgling police drama hill street blues, staying with the show throughout its run, which ended in 1987. while appearing on that show, he was nominated in 1982 for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series, but lost to fellow hsb actor michael conrad, in the only year in which all the nominees in a category came from the same series.	in 1981 he joined the cast of the police drama hill street blues, staying with the show throughout its run, which ended in 1987. while appearing on that show, he was nominated in 1982 for the emmy for outstanding supporting actor in a drama series, but lost to fellow hsb actor michael conrad, in the only year in which all the nominees in a category came from the same series.
viet cong terrorist bomb attack on us embassy in 1965	viet cong bomb attack on us embassy in 1965
iraq is currently occupied by a coalition led by the united states.	iraq is occupied by a coalition led by the united states.
the schools compete against one another in sporting competitions, including the famous head of the river rowing regatta, the aps combined swimming & diving championships and the aps athletics championships.	the schools compete against one another in sporting competitions, including the head of the river rowing regatta, the aps combined swimming & diving championships and the aps athletics championships.
boller became engaged to disgraced former miss california usa, carrie prejean.	boller became engaged to former miss california usa, carrie prejean.
sagan's arguments were aimed at a popular audience and he did not remain to debate velikovsky in person, facts that arguably undermine sagan's analysis.	sagan's arguments were aimed at a popular audience and he did not remain to debate velikovsky in person, facts that some have taken to undermine sagan's analysis.
antoine was a personal friend of german composer georg philipp telemann stayed with vater at his house in paris for the whole of 1738.	antoine was a friend of german composer georg philipp telemann stayed with vater at his house in paris for the whole of 1738.
mormons are a religious and cultural group related to mormonism, the principal branch of the latter day saint movement of restorationist christianity, which began with the visions of joseph smith in upstate new york during the 1820s.	mormons are a religious and cultural group related to mormonism, the principal branch of the latter day saint movement of restorationist christianity, which began with the claims of joseph smith in upstate new york during the 1820s.
"during the 2008 us presidential election campaign, ""joe the plumber"" became a political rallying cry for john mccain after samuel joe wurzelbacher, allegedly a plumber, questioned barack obama's proposed tax plan."	"during the 2008 us presidential election campaign, ""joe the plumber"" became a political rallying cry for john mccain after samuel joe wurzelbacher, a plumber, questioned barack obama's proposed tax plan."
the other contributors to parthenia were bull's contemporaries william byrd and orlando gibbons, among the greatest composers of the age.	the other contributors to parthenia were bull's contemporaries william byrd and orlando gibbons, among the nost famous composers of the age.
every country of europe was invited, with the exceptions of spain (a world war ii netural that had sympathized with axis powers) and the small states of andorra, san marino, monaco, and liechtenstein.	every country of europe was invited, with the exceptions of spain (a world war ii neutral that had sympathized with axis powers) and the small states of andorra, san marino, monaco, and liechtenstein.
the kickstarter was created but sadly failed to raise enough funds in time.	the kickstarter was created but failed to raise enough funds in time.
mithun chakraborty ( mihun chkroborti, hindi: ; born gouranga chakraborty on june 16, 1950) is a legendary national film award-winning indian film actor, social activist and entrepreneur.	mithun chakraborty ( mihun chkroborti, hindi: ; born gouranga chakraborty on june 16, 1950) is a national film award-winning indian film actor, social activist and entrepreneur.
apart from the port and the village of chora, ios has only a few small settlements, just a group of spread out houses in the background of major beaches (theodoti, kalamos, manganari).	apart from the port and the village of chora, ios has a few small settlements, just a group of spread out houses in the background of major beaches (theodoti, kalamos, manganari).
trump steaks was a failed brand of steak and other meats that was owned by businessman and reality television host donald trump.	trump steaks was a discontinued brand of steak and other meats that was owned by businessman and reality television host donald trump.
the chalice, designed by prominent new zealand artist neil dawson, is made up of forty-two leaf patterns featuring different native plants.	the chalice, designed by new zealand artist neil dawson, is made up of forty-two leaf patterns featuring different native plants.
social scientists refute such claims by pointing to the use of a rich variety of scientific processes, mathematical proofs, and other methods in their professional literature.	social scientists however, argue against such claims by pointing to the use of a rich variety of scientific processes, mathematical proofs, and other methods in their professional literature.
damon laurence lindelof (born april 24 1973) is an american television writer and executive, most recently noted as the co-creator and executive producer for the hit television series lost.	damon laurence lindelof (born april 24 1973) is an american television writer and executive, most recently noted as the co-creator and executive producer for the television series lost.
she was 82. stanwyck was cremated, and her ashes scattered in lone pine, california.	she was 82. her body was cremated, and her ashes scattered in lone pine, california.
a founder of the racist site vdare, brimelow was once a mainstream writer, an editor of standard publications, including forbes, the financial post, and national review.	a founder of the racialist site vdare, brimelow was once a mainstream writer, an editor of standard publications, including forbes, the financial post, and national review.
the agreement did not, however, satisfy darfur campaigners' demands for a fairer deal for the region's african population.	the agreement did not, however, satisfy darfur campaigners' demands for a fairer deal for the region's population.
president theodore roosevelt was a major proponent of the grand canyon area, visiting on numerous occasions to hunt mountain lion and enjoy the breathtaking scenery.	president theodore roosevelt was a major proponent of the grand canyon area, visiting on numerous occasions to hunt mountain lion and enjoy the scenery.
louise fazenda is the company's eccentric comedienne .	louise fazenda is the company's eccentric comedian .
in australia, fatalities are most often perpetrated by the largest species of this class of jellyfish, chironex fleckeri.	in australia, fatalities are most often caused by the largest species of this class of jellyfish, chironex fleckeri.
viktor is a promising young player who was brought up by hammarby if.	viktor is a young player who was brought up by hammarby if.
michael francis moore (born april 23, 1954) is a left-wing american film director and author known for his advocacy of his social democratic political views, laced with satire and humor.	michael francis moore (born april 23, 1954) is a liberal american film director and author known for his advocacy of his social democratic political views, laced with satire and humor.
voices is one of the largest diaspora poetry concerts in the northeast, bringing nationally established african diaspora writers to the five-college community for one historic night of poetry.	voices is one of the largest diaspora poetry concerts in the northeast, bringing nationally established african diaspora writers to the five-college community for one night of poetry.
jon was upset, as he wanted to hear the details about his grandmother's passing .	jon was upset, as he wanted to hear the details about his grandmother's death .
grant, who showed signs of a speculative bent, was greatly trusting of men and could never quite resist the enticement of wealthy gilded age tycoons, while often remaining loyal to his corrupt cabinet members or appointees.	grant, who showed signs of a speculative bent, was greatly trusting of men and could not quite resist the enticement of wealthy gilded age tycoons, while often remaining loyal to his corrupt cabinet members or appointees.
this energy is then converted into atp by the same enzyme also used during aerobic respiration, atp synthetase .	this energy is then converted into atp by the same enzyme also used during aerobic respiration, atp synthase .
staffordshire past track - excellent historical archive about the county	staffordshire past track - historical archive about the county
"social critic and academic noam chomsky has commented on the commission as undemocratic, pointing to its publication the crisis of democracy, which described the strong popular interest in politics during the 1970s as an ""excess of democracy""."	"social critic and academic noam chomsky has criticized on the commission as undemocratic, pointing to its publication the crisis of democracy, which described the strong popular interest in politics during the 1970s as an ""excess of democracy""."
he is only known from a letter he wrote in syriac to his son, who was also named serapion, which allegedly refers to jesus christ .	he is only known from a letter he wrote in syriac to his son, who was also named serapion, which allegedly refers to jesus of nazareth .
realising he needs clothes, the doctor considers getting a really long scarf, which he immediately rejects; this refers to the fourth doctor's famous neckwear.	realising he needs clothes, the doctor considers getting a really long scarf, which he immediately rejects; this refers to the fourth doctor's neckwear.
unfortunately to date (mid-2007) his program has only been fully implemented in peru.	to date (mid-2007) his program has only been fully implemented in peru.
4 to 6 white captives, including clara blinn and her son, were executed (clara was shot in the neck, willie smashed against a tree) by the fleeing cheyennes.	4 to 6 white captives, including clara blinn and her son, were killed (clara was shot in the neck, willie smashed against a tree) by the fleeing cheyennes.
"in autumn 2012, the afa incorrectly branded the project begun 11 years earlier and held in more than 2,500 schools ""a nationwide push to promote the homosexual lifestyle in public schools"", urging parents to keep their children home from school on october 30, 2012, and to call the schools to protest the event."	"in autumn 2012, the afa branded the project begun 11 years earlier and held in more than 2,500 schools ""a nationwide push to promote the homosexual lifestyle in public schools"", urging parents to keep their children home from school on october 30, 2012, and to call the schools to protest the event."
usually , a combination of dietary and lifestyle changes is the most helpful approach.	often , a combination of dietary and lifestyle changes is the most helpful approach.
the evidence presented in the televised trial was highly contentious .	the evidence presented in the televised trial was highly circumstantial .
at the same time, napoleon bonaparte regained the louisiana territory from spain, leading thomas jefferson to consider war to prevent french control of the mississippi river.	at the same time, napoleon bonaparte asfgsdgasdtgadgeatrgadergaergergergwergergqergqergqergqergqergqergqergqergregained the louisiana territory from spain, leading thomas jefferson to consider war to prevent french control of the mississippi river.
they worked together on 22 hindi-urdu films , as well as two kannada films.	they worked together on 22 bollywood films , as well as two kannada films.
karen taylor - television comedienne	karen taylor - television comedian
cambridge center is conveniently located near the kendall/mit mbta red line stop.	cambridge center is located near the kendall/mit mbta red line stop.
ruby notoriously ran barefoot all through beaudry, with its small twining streams and mysterious mountain hills and woods, playing with neighbors, cousins and brothers.	ruby ran barefoot all through beaudry, with its small twining streams and mysterious mountain hills and woods, playing with neighbors, cousins and brothers.
however, fisher was forced to miss the playoffs, re-injuring his left knee in a dirty knee-on-knee hit from toronto maple leafs forward mark bell in the final game of the regular season.	however, fisher was forced to miss the playoffs, re-injuring his left knee in a knee-on-knee hit from toronto maple leafs forward mark bell in the final game of the regular season.
this resulted in a conclusion that kumho tire would rightly prevail.	this resulted in a conclusion that kumho tire would prevail.
however, it is likely that any theory of quantum gravity would require much higher energies to probe.	however, it is generally expected that any theory of quantum gravity would require much higher energies to probe.
the netherlands national rugby union team first played in 1930. the team competes in the 201718 rugby europe trophy of the european nations cup, and has unfortunately never qualified for the rugby world cup.	the netherlands national rugby union team first played in 1930. the team competes in the 201718 rugby europe trophy of the european nations cup, and has never qualified for the rugby world cup.
within the heraka cult , she came to be considered an incarnation of the goddess cherachamdinliu.	within the heraka faith , she came to be considered an incarnation of the goddess cherachamdinliu.
irwin shot a brilliant second round of 62 at pinehurst for a 15-under par opening 36-hole total of 127, which was the best in any pga tour event for over a decade.	irwin shot a second round of 62 at pinehurst for a 15-under par opening 36-hole total of 127, which was the best in any pga tour event for over a decade.
los alamos high school sits below the scenic jemez mountains	los alamos high school sits below the jemez mountains
furr has also received some negative attention from a number of american far-right media outlets.	furr has also received some negative attention from a number of american conservative media outlets.
after facing the most difficult reelection campaign of his career in 2004, winning only 59% of the vote, against democrat ben konop, oxley announced his retirement from congress on november 1, 2005, effective at the end of his term in 2007.	after facing the most difficult reelection campaign of his career in 2004, winning 59% of the vote, against democrat ben konop, oxley announced his retirement from congress on november 1, 2005, effective at the end of his term in 2007.
billy graham, one of the most successful evangelists of the last century had only an average of 1% of the attendants of his evangelizations heed the altar call at all.	billy graham, one of the most prominant evangelists of the last century had only an average of 1% of the attendants of his evangelizations heed the altar call at all.
"she was born in 2368 to keiko o'brien, with worf as midhusband , at ten-forward on the uss enterprise, in the tng episode ""disaster""."	"she was born in 2368 to keiko o'brien, with worf as midwife , at ten-forward on the uss enterprise, in the tng episode ""disaster""."
"the encouragement of dishonesty through exhortations to ""fake it until you make it"" and ""act as if"" (aa slogans )"	"the encouragement of paradoxes through exhortations to ""fake it until you make it"" and ""act as if"" (aa slogans )"
the original konaki jijii is a ghost which appears in the woods of tokushima prefecture in the form of a crying infant.	the original konaki jijii is a ghost which is said to appear in the woods of tokushima prefecture in the form of a crying infant.
in 1969 , largely due to mccartney's efforts, they recorded their extraordinary final album, abbey road.	in 1969 , largely due to mccartney's efforts, they recorded their final album, abbey road.
parents have the right to assault those of their children above the age of ten years who neglect in performing islamic prayers.	parents have the right to discipline those of their children above the age of ten years who neglect in performing islamic prayers.
the most damning evidence at trial was from an independent software expert appointed by the court to compare the two programs.	the most substantial evidence at trial was from an independent software expert appointed by the court to compare the two programs.
some right-wing inspired observers pretended to see in this sketch a satire of government projects.	some right-wing inspired observers claimed to see in this sketch a satire of government projects.
agnivesh (born september 21, 1939) is an indian social worker, self-titled arya samaj scholar, and a self-styled hindu social activist.	agnivesh (born september 21, 1939) is an indian social worker, self-titled arya samaj scholar, and a hindu social activist.
"in 2002, a long tradition came to an end when the journal ceased to refer to ships as ""she"", adopting the neutral word ""it"" instead."	"in 2002, a long tradition came to an end when the journal ceased to refer to ships as ""she"", adopting the neuter word ""it"" instead."
unlike most other greeks of the time, who lived in or around city-states such as athens or sparta, the epirotes lived in small villages.	unlike most greeks of the time, who lived in or around city-states such as athens or sparta, the epirotes lived in small villages.
she is pursuing a bachelor of mass media (bmm) degree.	she is attempting to obtain a bachelor of mass media (bmm) degree.
in november 2009, hackers gained access to a server used by the cru and stole a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents.	in november 2009, hackers gained access to a server used by the cru and released a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents.
this prestigious award enables the university to establish its profile as a leading institution combining established ways of learning and teaching with the opportunities offered by technology to ensure students have the best possible learning experience.	this award enables the university to establish its profile as a leading institution combining established ways of learning and teaching with the opportunities offered by technology to ensure students have the best possible learning experience.
issue #2 featured gratuitous nudity, as beverly's bare chest was visible in the shower.	issue #2 featured nudity, as beverly's bare chest was visible in the shower.
999 (band), a significant london punk band active during the 1970s	999 (band), a london punk band active during the 1970s
contrary to taif, the hezbollah militia has not been dismantled, and the laf has not been allowed to deploy along the border with israel, though it was called on to do so by un security council resolution 1391, urged by un resolution un security council resolution 1496, and demanded by un security council resolution 1559. the syrian military and intelligence presence in lebanon has been classified by some critics in lebanon and abroad as an occupation.	contrary to taif, the hezbollah militia has not been dismantled, and the laf has not been allowed to deploy along the border with israel, though it was called on to do so by un security council resolution 1391, urged by un resolution un security council resolution 1496, and demanded by un security council resolution 1559. the syrian military and intelligence presence in lebanon has been classified by critics in lebanon and abroad as an occupation.
"the american way of death was an exposé of abuses in the funeral home industry in the united states, written by jessica mitford and published in 1963. feeling that death had become much too sentimentalized, highly commercialized, and, above all, excessively expensive, mitford published her research documenting the ways in which funeral directors take advantage of the shock and grief of friends and relatives of loved ones to convince them to pay far more than necessary for the funeral and other services, such as availability of so-called ""grief counselors,"" a title she claims is unmerited."	"the american way of death was an exposé of abuses in the funeral home industry in the united states, written by jessica mitford and published in 1963. feeling that death had become much too sentimentalized, highly commercialized, and, above all, excessively expensive, mitford published her research , which, she argues, documents the ways in which funeral directors take advantage of the shock and grief of friends and relatives of loved ones to convince them to pay far more than necessary for the funeral and other services, such as availability of so-called ""grief counselors,"" a title she claims is unmerited."
australia was cruely eliminated from the tournament.	australia was eliminated from the tournament.
in february 2005, memory alpha switched hosting servers and joined wikia, a free for-profit wiki-hosting company started by wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales and wikimedia foundation board member angela beesley.	in february 2005, memory alpha switched hosting servers and joined wikia, a free for-profit wiki-hosting company started by wikipedia founder jimmy wales and wikimedia foundation board member angela beesley.
the wegman team was assembled at the behest of sen. joe barton, an outspoken global warming skeptic.	the wegman team was assembled at the request of sen. joe barton, an outspoken global warming skeptic.
due to the silly sensitivity of the american public to guns in children's shows (particularly the image of a child being threatened with a gun), this episode was never localized for north american release.	due to the sensitivity of the american public to guns in children's shows (particularly the image of a child being threatened with a gun), this episode was never localized for north american release.
hindu samhati , a noted hindu rights group from west bengal did extensive fieldwork for the safety and rehabiliation of the hindu victims of deganga	hindu samhati, a hindu rights group from west bengal did extensive fieldwork for the safety and rehabiliation of the hindu victims of deganga
the cochrane meta-analysis itself has been widely criticized by vaccine critics, in particular for alleged contradictions between the findings it contained and its summarized conclusions.	the cochrane meta-analysis itselft has been widely criticized by vaccine critics, in particular for alleged contradictions between the findings it contained and its summarized conclusions.
luckily , middleton, distressed by the casualties he was taking, erred on the side of caution and opted for retreat.	however , middleton, distressed by the casualties he was taking, erred on the side of caution and opted for retreat.
seeing that the movie itself was lacking, hartman proposed that in addition to dubbing, extra scenes be filmed in live action to fill up empty spaces in the story.	under his own assumption that the movie itself was lacking, hartman proposed that in addition to dubbing, extra scenes be filmed in live action to fill up empty spaces in the story.
blair butler, american comedy writer/ comedienne	blair butler, american comedy writer/ comedian
the church tax is historically rooted in the pre-christian germanic custom where the chief of the tribe was directly responsible for the maintenance of priests and religious cults .	the church tax is historically rooted in the pre-christian germanic custom where the chief of the tribe was directly responsible for the maintenance of priests and religious groups .
the afternoon drama (formerly afternoon play) is a long-running bbc radio 4 radio drama, broadcast every weekday at 2.15pm.	the afternoon drama (formerly afternoon play) is a bbc radio 4 radio drama, broadcast every weekday at 2.15pm.
liddell has endeared himself as a perennial fan favorite and is clearly one of the most famous ufc competitors of all time.	liddell has endeared himself as a perennial fan favorite and is one of the most famous ufc competitors of all time.
it was set up in the summer of 2006 to rally against the defacement of the monument to the bronze soldier of tallinn in the estonian capital, tallinn.	it was set up in the summer of 2006 to rally against the relocation of the monument to the bronze soldier of tallinn in the estonian capital, tallinn.
anchor baby is a pejorative term used to refer to a child born in the united states to illegal aliens or other non-citizens.	anchor baby is a term used to refer to a child born in the united states to illegal aliens or other non-citizens.
she is now happily married to mr. michael j. scafati and lives in new york and boston.	she is now married to mr. michael j. scafati and lives in new york and boston.
although catholics for choice has several goals, it is most well- known for its pro-choice advocacy.	although catholics for choice has several goals, it is most known for its pro-choice advocacy.
his second marriage (to the pianist muriel lillie, sister of the comedienne beatrice lillie) returned him to the world of show business as a talented writer of lyrics.	his second marriage (to the pianist muriel lillie, sister of the comedian beatrice lillie) returned him to the world of show business as a talented writer of lyrics.
carl, a main villain carl the evil cockroach wizard: (voiced by jamie watson) carl, a main villain and malevolent cockroach wizard, continuously schemes to defeat yin, yang and the power of the woo foo with his insecure genius.	carl, a main hero(enemige) carl the evil cockroach wizard: (voiced by jamie watson) carl, a main villain and malevolent cockroach wizard, continuously schemes to defeat yin, yang and the power of the woo foo with his insecure genius.
in this capacity he moves freely between different historical periods, different chinese languages , different literary genres.	in this capacity he moves freely between different historical periods, different chinese varieties , different literary genres.
its unique features include a large degree of modularity and flexibility, an artist-driven, shader-based renderer, industry-leading lip sync and facial expression technology, and a powerful, efficient and completely network-enabled physics system.	its unique features include a large degree of modularity and flexibility, an artist-driven, shader-based renderer, accurate lip sync and facial expression technology, and a powerful, efficient and completely network-enabled physics system.
an e-meter is an electronic device used as an aid in some forms of the pseudoscience dianetics and scientology auditing.	an e-meter is an electronic device used as an aid in some forms of the dianetics and scientology auditing.
the following is a list of awards and nominations received by american comedienne , television host, actress, writer, and television producer ellen degeneres.	the following is a list of awards and nominations received by american comedian , television host, actress, writer, and television producer ellen degeneres.
some critics contend that deep ecology is highly misanthropic, in that it advocates human extinction, or at least a large reduction in human population.	some critics contend that deep ecology is misanthropic, in that it advocates human extinction, or at least a large reduction in human population.
they recorded the backing track of drums, synths and samples, and fused fruitbat's guitar antics with jim bob's lyrics.	they recorded the backing track of drums, synths and samples, and fused fruitbat's guitar with jim bob's lyrics.
the cubs argued for interference, but umpire mike everitt correctly ruled there was no fan interference because the ball was in the stands and not the field of play.	the cubs argued for interference, but umpire mike everitt ruled there was no fan interference because the ball was in the stands and not the field of play.
"the 101st company (spanische-freiwilligen kompanie der ss 101, ""spanish volunteer company of the ss number 101"") of 140 men, made up of four rifle platoons and one staff platoon, was attached to 28th ss volunteer grenadier division wallonien and fought in pomerania and brandenburg as soviet troops invaded eastern germany."	"the 101st company (spanische-freiwilligen kompanie der ss 101, ""spanish volunteer company of the ss number 101"") of 140 men, made up of four rifle platoons and one staff platoon, was attached to 28th ss volunteer grenadier division wallonien and fought in pomerania and brandenburg as soviet troops advanced into eastern germany."
he had the full-throated support of heston, who had seen and enjoyed peckinpah's previous film, ride the high country, and was eager to work with the director.	he had the support of heston, who had seen and enjoyed peckinpah's previous film, ride the high country, and was eager to work with the director.
there is a striking correlation between the rise of obesity in the u.s. and the use of hfcs for sweetening beverages and foods.	there is a correlation between the rise of obesity in the u.s. and the use of hfcs for sweetening beverages and foods.
the book includes extensive discussion of gatan dugas, a canadian flight attendant who died in 1984. dugas was labeled patient zero of aids, because he was linked directly or indirectly with 40 of the first 248 reported cases of aids in the u.s., and after he was told of his ability to infect others, defiantly continued to have unprotected sex.	the book includes extensive discussion of gatan dugas, a canadian flight attendant who died in 1984. dugas was labeled patient zero of aids, because he was linked directly or indirectly with 40 of the first 248 reported cases of aids in the u.s., and after he was told of his ability to infect others, continued to have unprotected sex.
i can also hear them walking up and down the footpath outside my house, death growling obscenities on any friday or saturday night.	i can hear them walking up and down the footpath outside my house, death growling obscenities on any friday or saturday night.
this national highway 48 offers breathtaking view of western ghats (sahayadri) of india during the monsoon season.	this national highway 48 offers scenic view of western ghats (sahayadri) of india during the monsoon season.
the republican revolution era came to an end in january 2007, following the results of the 2006 elections, when democrats won back both the house of representatives and the senate (49 democrats, 49 republicans, and 2 independents caucusing with democrats) as well as the majority of state governorships (28-22).	the republican revolution era is thought to be coming to an end in january 2007, following the results of the 2006 elections, when democrats won back both the house of representatives and the senate (49 democrats, 49 republicans, and 2 independents caucusing with democrats) as well as the majority of state governorships (28-22).
natasha falle (born 1973) is a professor at humber college in toronto, ontario, canada who was prostituted from the ages of 15 to 27 and now opposes prostitution in canada.	natasha falle (born 1973) is a professor at humber college in toronto, ontario, canada who was in prostitution from the ages of 15 to 27 and now opposes prostitution in canada.
is a fictional character from the hit medical drama television series grey's anatomy, which airs on the american broadcasting company (abc) in the united states.	is a fictional character from the medical drama television series grey's anatomy, which airs on the american broadcasting company (abc) in the united states.
this tune was also featured in the hilarious 1978 comedy film, national lampoon's animal house.	this tune was also featured in the 1978 comedy film, national lampoon's animal house.
the arabs of khuzestan are an arab-speaking ethnic group inhabiting the iranian province of khuzestan.	the arabs of khuzestan are an ethnic group inhabiting the iranian province of khuzestan.
the conservative israeli newspaper jerusalem post , reprinted by the official website of the evangelical-conservative television channel christian broadcasting network , has attacked press tv for publishing, on its official website, an article by the british science historian nicholas kollerstrom, who has been described by some as a holocaust denier.	the conservative israeli newspaper jerusalem post , reprinted by the official website of the evangelical-conservative television channel christian broadcasting network , has criticized press tv for publishing, on its official website, an article by the british science historian nicholas kollerstrom, who has been described by some as a holocaust denier.
tate is also known for its outstanding drumline which has competed in annual world championship competitions in dayton, ohio.	tate is also known for its drumline which has competed in annual world championship competitions in dayton, ohio.
msr sponsors the prestigious microsoft research fellowship for graduate students and the new faculty fellowship for new faculty members.	msr sponsors the microsoft research fellowship for graduate students and the new faculty fellowship for new faculty members.
the georgian government responded by abolishing south ossetia's autonomy and trying to re-establish its rightful control over the region.	the georgian government responded by abolishing south ossetia's autonomy and trying to re-establish its control over the region.
along with bob geldof, bono has come under fire from radical journalist george monbiot for getting too close to those in power, and therefore running the risk of legitimising their actions.	along with bob geldof, bono has come under fire from journalist george monbiot for getting too close to those in power, and therefore running the risk of legitimising their actions.
tracey ullman: a class act, a tv special from actress- comedienne tracey ullman	tracey ullman: a class act, a tv special from actress- comedian tracey ullman
"in an august 2011 interview with teymoor nabili on al jazeera english, mr. danon said ""there is place only for one state on the land of israel.... i do not believe in a two-state solution."""	"in an august 2011 interview with teymoor nabili on al jazeera english, mr. danon stated that he rejected palestine's right to exist ""there is place only for one state on the land of israel.... i do not believe in a two-state solution."""
this is because the greek new testament manuscripts are quoting the septuagint, where the hebrew word yhwh is replaced by kyrios.	this is because the greek new testament manuscripts are quoting the septuagint, where the hebrew word yhwh is translated by kyrios.
cole hauser as mark, ellen's brutish boyfriend.	cole hauser as mark, ellen's boyfriend.
the title of this game was taken from a song named damage, inc., a thrash metal song written by leadman james hetfield, drummer lars ulrich, lead guitarist kirk hammett & legendary bassist cliff burton (cliff's final contribution to the bands album before his death while on tour), of the renowned metal band, metallica off from their 1986 album master of puppets.	the title of this game was taken from a song named damage, inc., a thrash metal song written by leadman james hetfield, drummer lars ulrich, lead guitarist kirk hammett & bassist cliff burton (cliff's final contribution to the bands album before his death while on tour), of the renowned metal band, metallica off from their 1986 album master of puppets.
irtiza rubab (born 12 may 1977), better known by her stage name meera , is a pakistani film actress, television presenter, model and leading philanthropist.	irtiza rubab (born 12 may 1977), better known by her stage name meera , is a pakistani film actress, television presenter, model and philanthropist.
the tensions caused by this would lead to the outbreak of fighting between patriot militia and british regulars at lexington and concord in april 1775. by spring 1776 the patriots had seized full control in all thirteen colonies and on july 4, 1776, their continental congress declared independence.	the tensions caused by this would lead to the outbreak of fighting between patriot militia and british regulars at lexington and concord in april 1775. by spring 1776 the patriots had full control in all thirteen colonies and on july 4, 1776, their continental congress declared independence.
the american third position party is a third positionist american political party which promotes white supremacism .	the american third position party is a third positionist american political party which promotes white nationalism .
alberta report was a sprightly right-wing weekly newsmagazine based in edmonton.	alberta report was a right-wing weekly newsmagazine based in edmonton.
mcguinness has admitted that he is a former ira member but claims that he left the ira in 1974. he originally joined the official ira, unaware of the split at the december 1969 army convention, switching to the provisional ira soon after.	mcguinness has acknowledged that he is a former ira member but claims that he left the ira in 1974. he originally joined the official ira, unaware of the split at the december 1969 army convention, switching to the provisional ira soon after.
drastic change or an unstable spiral can ensue, until other species are lost and the ecosystem structure is changed markedly and irreversibly.	marked change or an unstable spiral can ensue, until other species are lost and the ecosystem structure is changed markedly and irreversibly.
for example, when beanie babies sales revenue started to decline, company president ty warner astutely decided to go for one last christmas marketing push and then drop the product.	for example, when beanie babies sales revenue started to decline, company president ty warner decided to go for one last christmas marketing push and then drop the product.
his distinguished family has a long history in republican politics, including several members who were judges.	his family has a long history in republican politics, including several members who were judges.
political opponents freely expressed their opposition to his foreign policy, particularly his alliance with hugo chvez in venezuela, and friendship with cuba's ral castro.	political opponents freely expressed their opposition to his foreign policy, including his alliance with hugo chvez in venezuela, and friendship with cuba's ral castro.
mel brooks's 1974 parody young frankenstein paid brilliant homage to the films' style.	mel brooks's 1974 parody young frankenstein paid homage to the films' style.
the soviets possessed more than three times as many soldiers as finland, thirty times as many aircraft, and a hundred times as many tanks.	the soviets possessed more than two times as many soldiers as finland, thirty times as many aircraft, and a hundred times as many tanks.
some researchers also believe animals may suffer less during experiments than human beings would because they have a reduced capacity to remember and anticipate pain.	some researchers also believe animals may suffer less during throughout the testing process than human beings would because they have a reduced capacity to remember and anticipate pain.
"the day-age theory attempts to reconcile these views by believing that the creation ""days"" were not ordinary 24-hour days, but actually lasted for long periods of time (as day-age implies, the ""days"" each lasted an age)."	"the day-age theory attempts to reconcile these views by asserting that the creation ""days"" were not ordinary 24-hour days, but actually lasted for long periods of time (as day-age implies, the ""days"" each lasted an age)."
tina fey, comedienne , former head writer of saturday night live and creator of 30 rock	tina fey, comedian , former head writer of saturday night live and creator of 30 rock
1895 – hattie mcdaniel, american actress, singer-songwriter, and comedienne (d. 1952)	1895 – hattie mcdaniel, american actress, singer-songwriter, and comedian (d. 1952)
his younger brother milan radenkovi was a famous musician in the united states.	his younger brother milan radenkovi was a musician in the united states.
analyze is a powerful software package developed by the biomedical imaging resource (bir) at mayo clinic for multi-dimensional display, processing, and measurement of multi-modality biomedical images.	analyze is a software package developed by the biomedical imaging resource (bir) at mayo clinic for multi-dimensional display, processing, and measurement of multi-modality biomedical images.
"sobrino affirms that the texts of the major councils of the early church are ""limited and even dangerous."""	"sobrino believes that the texts of the major councils of the early church are ""limited and even dangerous."""
the drawings, including a depiction of muhammad with a bomb inside or under his turban, accompanied an article on self-censorship and freedom of speech, and were purportedly intended as satirical illustrations.	the drawings, including a depiction of muhammad with a bomb inside or under his turban, accompanied an article on self-censorship and freedom of speech, and were intended as satirical illustrations.
the specification of opendocument has undergone an extensive accessibility review, and a few additions were made to version 1.1 of the specification to improve accessibility.	the specification of opendocument has undergone an accessibility review , and a few additions were made to version 1.1 of the specification to improve accessibility.
by mid-1845, doctrinal lines amongst the various millerite groups began to solidify and the groups emphasized their differences; a process george r. knight accurately terms sect building.	by mid-1845, doctrinal lines amongst the various millerite groups began to solidify and the groups emphasized their differences; a process george r. knight terms sect building.
ma is the infectious self titled debut album released by american r&b singer ma on april 21, 1998 on interscope records.	ma is the self titled debut album released by american r&b singer ma on april 21, 1998 on interscope records.
following the critically acclaimed gold album dog eat dog the band started to experience frequent changes to the line-up and despite the drop in popularity with the arrival of grunge, they released ultraphobic in 1995 and a successful best of album in 1996. the band also changed their musical direction with the release of the grunge infested belly to belly in 96, but returned to their roots very quickly by the end of the decade.	following the critically acclaimed gold album dog eat dog the band started to experience frequent changes to the line-up and despite the drop in popularity with the arrival of grunge, they released ultraphobic in 1995 and a successful best of album in 1996. the band also changed their musical direction with the release of the grunge influenced belly to belly in 96, but returned to their roots very quickly by the end of the decade.
the waco siege began on february 28, 1993, and ended violently 50 days later on april 19. the siege began when the united states bureau of alcohol, tobacco and firearms (atf), accompanied by several members of the media, attempted to execute a search warrant at mount carmel center ranch, a property of the religious sect branch davidians located in the community of elk, texas nine miles (14 kilometers) east-northeast of waco, texas.	the waco siege began on february 28, 1993, and ended violently 50 days later on april 19. the siege began when the united states bureau of alcohol, tobacco and firearms (atf), accompanied by several members of the media, attempted to execute a search warrant at mount carmel center ranch, a property of the religious group branch davidians located in the community of elk, texas nine miles (14 kilometers) east-northeast of waco, texas.
there was extensive use of ibm punch-card machines for calculations made at los alamos during the manhattan project for developing the first atomic bombs; this has been notably discussed by richard feynman in his well-read book, surely you're joking, mr. feynman!.	there was extensive use of ibm punch-card machines for calculations made at los alamos during the manhattan project for developing the first atomic bombs; this has been notably discussed by richard feynman in his book, surely you're joking, mr. feynman!.
in november 1975 her daughter, the international actress, comedienne , singer, and impersonator anglica vale, was born.	in november 1975 her daughter, the international actress, comedian , singer, and impersonator anglica vale, was born.
however, boll actually fought minter as his fourth opponent.	however, boll fought minter as his fourth opponent.
it was designed by the renowned architectural firm of kohn pedersen fox associates pc (kpf).	it was designed by the architectural firm of kohn pedersen fox associates pc (kpf).
finally in 457 the monophysite party in alexandria elected timothy aelurus as patriarch of alexandria, creating a parallel papacy to that of proterius, who was subsequently martyred by coptic mobs (evagrius scholasticus, 2, 8).	finally in 457 the non-chalcedonian party in alexandria elected timothy aelurus as patriarch of alexandria, creating a parallel papacy to that of proterius, who was subsequently martyred by coptic mobs (evagrius scholasticus, 2, 8).
although they are closely related, to the point of having a wide degree of mutual intelligibility, there are also important differences between them, which can pose difficulties for people acquainted with one of the languages who attempt to learn the other.	although they are closely related, to the point of having a noticeable degree of mutual intelligibility, there are also important differences between them, which can pose difficulties for people acquainted with one of the languages who attempt to learn the other.
"those who dress steampunk often wear victorian-style clothing that has been ""tweaked"" in edgy ways: tattered, distorted, melded with goth fashion, punk, and rivethead styles."	"those who dress steampunk often wear victorian-style clothing that has been ""tweaked"" in one or more ways: tattered, distorted, melded with goth fashion, punk, and rivethead styles."
ironically the power plant had not produced electricity for most of the preceding ten years prior to its closure.	the power plant had not produced electricity for most of the preceding ten years prior to its closure.
m. k. kumaran (19151994) was a famous writer, journalist and politician of kerala, india.	m. k. kumaran (19151994) was a writer, journalist and politician of kerala, india.
"the holy quran makes it clear that the day of judgement is the day of the greatest dispensation, however, ""there is a continuous judgement in this life also."	"the quran makes it clear that the day of judgement is the day of the greatest dispensation, however, ""there is a continuous judgement in this life also."
before her passing in 1995, ians maternal grandmother, lily may green, had told ians mother, natalie williams that her grandson would one day play for the university of notre dame.	before her death in 1995, ians maternal grandmother, lily may green, had told ians mother, natalie williams that her grandson would one day play for the university of notre dame.
the direct-to-video series by big idea, inc. and lyrick studios, the same producers of the long-running veggietales series, held the top spot on the soundscan kid video sales charts for its first 18 weeks of release.	the direct-to-video series by big idea, inc. and lyrick studios, the same producers of the veggietales series, held the top spot on the soundscan kid video sales charts for its first 18 weeks of release.
the group wisely included fourteen authors at various universities to validate their work.	the group included fourteen authors at various universities to validate their work.
"lohan will also star in the movie ""mostly ghostly"", which will be released sometime in 2008.the film will mark ali's feature acting debut."	"lohan will also appear in the movie ""mostly ghostly"", which will be released sometime in 2008.the film will mark ali's feature acting debut."
maria kristina franck, later ruckhman, (1769-1847), was a swedish actress , also known as kristina ruckman, who later also became principal of the theatre school.	maria kristina franck, later ruckhman, (1769-1847), was a swedish actor , also known as kristina ruckman, who later also became principal of the theatre school.
in may 2009, day drew fire from uninformed critics by appearing in a television ad for a us lobby group called conservatives for patients' rights that argues against obama's healthcare reform plan.	in may 2009, day drew fire from critics by appearing in a television ad for a us lobby group called conservatives for patients' rights that argues against obama's healthcare reform plan.
an article on the windscale fire, bizarrely by the lake district tourist board	an article on the windscale fire, by the lake district tourist board
saint naum (, sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval macedonian writer, enlightener, one of the seven apostles of the first bulgarian empire and missionary among the slavs.	saint naum (, sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval bulgarian writer, enlightener, one of the seven apostles of the first bulgarian empire and missionary among the slavs.
a library was built in 1929 with a generous donation of $1000 by mr a.m. alsagoff.	a library was built in 1929 with a donation of $1000 by mr a.m. alsagoff.
the 2006 qana massacre was an attack by the israel air force (iaf) on a building in the small community of al-khuraybah near the south lebanese village of qana on july 30, 2006, during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict.	the 2006 qana airstrike was an attack by the israel air force (iaf) on a building in the small community of al-khuraybah near the south lebanese village of qana on july 30, 2006, during the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict.
the company is named after the great serbian american inventor nikola tesla.	the company is named after the serbian american inventor nikola tesla.
dr. reginald h. fuller, a famous new testament scholar, saw one of his performances at a faculty party, and suggested that haydn's passion might lay not in the ministry, but in magic.	dr. reginald h. fuller, a new testament scholar, saw one of his performances at a faculty party, and suggested that haydn's passion might lay not in the ministry, but in magic.
10 towns and villages liberated as of 18 october	10 towns and villages captured as of 18 october
released in april 1987, it is the fifth (and, to date, final) studio album from the band's most popular line-up of lindsey buckingham, stevie nicks, christine mcvie, john mcvie and mick fleetwood.	released in april 1987, it is the fifth (and, to date, final) studio album from the band's most successful line-up of lindsey buckingham, stevie nicks, christine mcvie, john mcvie and mick fleetwood.
pit bulls - or dogs that appear to be pit bulls - make up a large portion of the population living in shelters across the united states, and may be killed due to the stigma associated with the various pit bull breeds (or because of overcrowding).	pit bulls - or dogs that appear to be pit bulls - make up a large portion of the population living in shelters across the united states, and may be put down due to the stigma associated with the various pit bull breeds (or because of overcrowding).
the station was launched in 1967 by legendary toronto broadcaster johnny lombardi, a year after the am station's launch.	the station was launched in 1967 by toronto broadcaster johnny lombardi, a year after the am station's launch.
menorca is a small island in the mediterranean sea belonging to spain.	minorca is a small island in the mediterranean sea belonging to spain.
the road has received a new pavement since that and is much more comfortable to drive.	the road has received a new pavement since that and is more comfortable to drive.
he was the first dalai lama to wield effective political power over all of central tibet, and is very frequently referred to simply as the great fifth.	he was the first dalai lama to wield effective temporal power over all of central tibet, and is very frequently referred to simply as the great fifth.
seles returned to the tour in august 1995 and amazingly won her first comeback tournament, the canadian open, beating amanda coetzer in the final 6-1, 6-0. many believed that she would soon be dominating the circuit again in the way she was before the 1993 stabbing incident.	seles returned to the tour in august 1995 and won her first comeback tournament, the canadian open, beating amanda coetzer in the final 6-1, 6-0. many believed that she would soon be dominating the circuit again in the way she was before the 1993 stabbing incident.
the evidence used to base this conclusion has since been widely disputed.	the evidence used to base this conclusion has since been disputed.
"vince ""vinnie"" monks is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by comedian bobby davro."	"vince ""vinnie"" monks is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by comedian bobby davro."
"on april 29, 2008, environmental journalist richard littlemore revealed that a list of ""500 scientists with documented doubts of man-made global warming scares"" propagated by the heartland institute included at least 45 scientists who neither knew of their inclusion as ""coauthors"" of the article, nor agreed with its contents."	"on april 29, 2008, environmental journalist richard littlemore revealed that a list of ""500 scientists with documented doubts of man-made global warming scares"" done by the heartland institute included at least 45 scientists who neither knew of their inclusion as ""coauthors"" of the article, nor agreed with its contents."
after he murdered three policemen, the colony proclaimed kelly and his gang wanted outlaws.	after he killed three policemen, the colony proclaimed kelly and his gang wanted outlaws.
eta is considered by spain, france, the european union and the united states to be a paramilitary organization.	eta is considered by spain, france, the european union and the united states to be a terrorist organization.
socialism (north korea, for example).	totalitarianism (north korea, for example).
the album was self-released in july 2007 and quickly gained attention from various influential magazines like pitchfork media.	the album was self-released in july 2007 and quickly gained attention from various magazines like pitchfork media.
key tenets of the patient empowerment model :	key tenets of the patient empowerment philosophy :
israel has not recognised a palestinian state, and has resorted to extrajudicial killings of suspects within the west bank and gaza whom it claims have planned and led terrorist attacks within israel.	israel has not recognised a palestinian state, and has carried out to extrajudicial killings of suspects within the west bank and gaza whom it claims have planned and led terrorist attacks within israel.
"in 2003, he won a best male pop vocal performance grammy for his signature song, ""your body is a wonderland""."	"in 2003, he won a best male pop vocal performance grammy for his song, ""your body is a wonderland""."
one infamous new orleans socialite of the time was delphine lalaurie who threw lavish parties.	one (in)famous new orleans socialite of the time was delphine lalaurie who threw lavish parties.
after the shooting, natan-zada was overcome by nearby crowds and lynched .	after the shooting, natan-zada was overcome by nearby crowds and beaten to death .
the reason for this is the tight-fisted ownership of most of the beatles' catalogue by michael jackson, which recently came to an end.	the reason for this is the ownership of most of the beatles' catalogue by michael jackson, which recently came to an end.
after high school, she attended salisbury university and eventually graduated in 1999 with a degree in political science and a minor in art/graphic design.	after high school, she attended salisbury university and graduated in 1999 with a degree in political science and a minor in art/graphic design.
elad properties, a real estate company owned by a fundamentalist settler organization with branches outside of israel, was established in 1986 to purchase property and build homes for jews in the neighborhood.	elad properties, a real estate company owned by a jewish settler organization with branches outside of israel, was established in 1986 to purchase property and build homes for jews in the neighborhood.
massimo d'alema was born in rome, the son of giuseppe d'alema, an esteemed communist politician.	massimo d'alema was born in rome, the son of giuseppe d'alema, an esteemed politician.
spamdexing often gets confused with legitimate search engine optimization techniques, which do not involve deceit.	spamdexing often gets confused with white hat search engine optimization techniques, which do not involve deceit.
list of public anglophone schools in chilliwack:	list of public schools in chilliwack:
"the channel, or specialty television service, was never implemented by fox, and the deadline for commencement of the service expired on november 24, 2004. that same day, a similar licence was granted to rogers communications for ""msnbc canada"", which went to air in september, 2001. during this period, it was stated disingenuously by supporters of fox news that the station was being ""banned in canada,"" when in fact, the opposite was the case."	"the channel, or specialty television service, was never implemented by fox, and the deadline for commencement of the service expired on november 24, 2004. that same day, a similar licence was granted to rogers communications for ""msnbc canada"", which went to air in september, 2001. during this period, it was stated by supporters of fox news that the station was being ""banned in canada,"" when in fact, the opposite was the case."
spread networks is a company founded by jim barksdale (former ceo of netscape communications corporation) that offers internet connectivity between chicago and new york at ultra-low latency (i.e.	spread networks is a company founded by jim barksdale (former ceo of netscape communications corporation) that claims to offer internet connectivity between chicago and new york at ultra-low latency (i.e.
episode 6 has a small damaged section on the american ntsc videotape which was used as the source of the colour signal for the restoration, which the doctor who restoration team replaced by painstakingly recolouring the appropriate section of the b/w film recording.	episode 6 has a small damaged section on the american ntsc videotape which was used as the source of the colour signal for the restoration, which the doctor who restoration team replaced by recolouring the appropriate section of the b/w film recording.
a view of the arab village of silwan from abu tor, looking towards the separation wall near the old city	a view of the arab village of silwan from abu tor, looking towards the separation barrier near the old city
he is now a popular frequent guest of the show while not a regular panelist.	he is now a frequent guest of the show while not a regular panelist.
sherring managed to collect an amount claimed to be between $45 and $90 (a clearly insufficient amount to travel to athens), which he then bet on a horse named cicely which luckily won with good odds.	sherring managed to collect an amount claimed to be between $45 and $90 (a clearly insufficient amount to travel to athens), which he then bet on a horse named cicely which won with good odds.
in becoming carbon neutral the company has committed to maximise their use of renewable energy, and to only use ting as a last resort.	in becoming carbon neutral the company has committed to maximise their use of renewable energy, and to only use carbon offsetting as a last resort.
christianity inherited jewish monotheism, scriptures (generally the septuagint or targum translations of the hebrew bible), liturgy, and moralism.	christianity is based on jewish monotheism, scriptures (generally the septuagint or targum translations of the hebrew bible), liturgy, and moralism.
nearly thirty years later, the infectious song stands as ross's last appearance on both 100-position charts.	nearly thirty years later, the song stands as ross's last appearance on both 100-position charts.
speaking about his brother's vision for the country, robert kennedy famously quoted from romeo and juliet: when he shall die, take him and cut him out into the stars, and he shall make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun.	speaking about his brother's vision for the country, robert kennedy quoted from romeo and juliet: when he shall die, take him and cut him out into the stars, and he shall make the face of heaven so fine that all the world will be in love with night and pay no worship to the garish sun.
rome lost 700 ships (mainly to bad weather and demagogues ) and at least part of their crews.	rome lost 700 ships (mainly to bad weather and incompetent leaders ) and at least part of their crews.
the world academy of science, engineering and technology or waset is a predatory publisher of a number of open access journals on a wide variety of scientific and technical subjects.	the world academy of science, engineering and technology or waset is a publisher of a number of open access journals on a wide variety of scientific and technical subjects.
"today, the choice of stroke that a guitarist will use is motivated more by tonal beauty, dynamic control and efficiency; this often leads to a preference for free-stroke, and thus a discrepancy from earlier trends or textbook ""rules"", such as the mid-20th century over- reliance on reststroke."	"today, the choice of stroke that a guitarist will use is motivated more by tonal beauty, dynamic control and efficiency; this often leads to a preference for free-stroke, and thus a discrepancy from earlier trends or textbook ""rules"", such as the mid-20th century reliance on reststroke."
the classic proportions of relatively small x-height and long extenders make constantia ideal for book and journal publishing, while the slight squareness and open counters ensure that it remains legible even at small sizes.	the classic proportions of relatively small x-height and long extenders make constantia suitable for book and journal publishing, while the slight squareness and open counters ensure that it remains legible even at small sizes.
the disorder often has a serious impact on the sufferer's (and his/her family's) quality of life.	the disorder often has a serious impact on the sufferer's (and their family's) quality of life.
these languages do not possess a neuter language and the masculine forms are also used traditionally when referring to groups of mixed or unknown sex.	these languages do not possess a neuter gender and the masculine forms are also used traditionally when referring to groups of mixed or unknown sex.
"songs of a strongly militaristic character that glorify warfare such as the us or french national anthems (""the star-spangled banner"" and ""la marseillaise"") are not the standard of the israeli repertoire."	"songs of a strongly militaristic character that glorify triumph over an enemy such as the us or french national anthems (""the star-spangled banner"" and ""la marseillaise"") are not the standard of the israeli repertoire."
creationist cosmologies, along with other creation sciences, were introduced by young earth creationists as a direct result of pseudoscientific studies suggesting that the earth was much older than anyone had previously thought.	creationist cosmologies, along with other creation sciences, were introduced by young earth creationists as a direct result of scientific studies suggesting that the earth was much older than anyone had previously thought.
"although the declaration allows people to decline heroic medical treatment when death is imminently inevitable, it unequivocably prohibits the hastening of death and restates vatican ii's unqualified condemnation of ""crimes against life 'such as any type of murder, genocide, abortion, euthanasia, or willful suicide'""."	"although the declaration allows people to decline heroic medical treatment when death is imminently inevitable, it unequivocably prohibits the hastening of death and restates vatican ii's condemnation of ""crimes against life 'such as any type of murder, genocide, abortion, euthanasia, or willful suicide'""."
the seahawks made history by becoming the first 79 team ever to make the playoffs and then did it again by becoming the first to win a playoff game, racking up 31 first downs and 474 yards, including a spectacular 67-yard touchdown run by marshawn lynch late in the fourth quarter.	the seahawks made history by becoming the first 79 team ever to make the playoffs and then did it again by becoming the first to win a playoff game, racking up 31 first downs and 474 yards, including a 67-yard touchdown run by marshawn lynch late in the fourth quarter.
when the 1966 version won only four of their first 20 games, keane became the first yankee manager to be fired in midseason since 1910. he was replaced by ralph houk, the team's charismatic general manager, who had coached for and managed the team from 1961 to 1963. the yankees did not respond to houk either, finishing in last place, the first time they did so since 1912. keane's 81101 (.445) record with new york gave him a career managerial mark of 398350 (.532) over six seasons.	when the 1966 version won only four of their first 20 games, keane became the first yankee manager to be fired in midseason since 1910. he was replaced by ralph houk, the team's general manager, who had coached for and managed the team from 1961 to 1963. the yankees did not respond to houk either, finishing in last place, the first time they did so since 1912. keane's 81101 (.445) record with new york gave him a career managerial mark of 398350 (.532) over six seasons.
members of the ascetic perushim community, whose parents and grandparents, disciples of the vilna gaon, had arrived in palestine in the early part of the century.	members of the perushim community, whose parents and grandparents, disciples of the vilna gaon, had arrived in palestine in the early part of the century.
such conflicts are probably basic to human organization, and therefore the struggle to introduce a genuinely 'grassroots democracy' is probably one of man 's great eternal tasks.	such conflicts are probably basic to human organization, and therefore the struggle to introduce a genuinely 'grassroots democracy' is probably one of humanity 's great eternal tasks.
21 november alma zack, israeli actress and comedienne .	21 november alma zack, israeli actress and comedian .
champion paddlers can stroke for hours and a race is only a warm-up for well-trained watermen .	champion paddlers can stroke for hours and a race is only a warm-up for well-trained paddlers .
mrs. peacock wears a garish multicolored dress rather than the conservative blue outfit of the board game character.	mrs. peacock wears a multicolored dress rather than the conservative blue outfit of the board game character.
albania: 5,000 (1989 census) - neutral estimates vary from 10,000 to 30,000 .	albania: 5,000 (1989 census) - external estimates vary from 10,000 to 30,000 .
new jersey lies entirely within the sprawling combined statistical areas of new york city and philadelphia.	new jersey lies entirely within the combined statistical areas of new york city and philadelphia.
during this time an individual has reached the last chapter in your life and retirement is approaching or has already taken place.	during this time an individual has reached the last chapter in their life and retirement is approaching or has already taken place.
"persuaded not to name the structure after himself, it is instead called the ""will rogers shrine of the sun,"" honoring penrose's friend who died in a tragic plane crash in 1935, during construction of the tomb."	"persuaded not to name the structure after himself, it is instead called the ""will rogers shrine of the sun,"" honoring penrose's friend who died in a plane crash in 1935, during construction of the tomb."
benny hinn is the author of a number of inspirational christian books.	benny hinn is the author of a number of christian books.
paul sculfor is a british male supermodel as well as a tv and film actor.	paul sculfor is a british male model as well as a tv and film actor.
the album was finally made available in digital form on tuesday, may 27, 2014.	the album was made available in digital form on tuesday, may 27, 2014.
best known for the vineyards in its valley, the river also provides a habitat for salmon and steelhead.	known for the vineyards in its valley, the river also provides a habitat for salmon and steelhead.
it descended from prophet muhammad's youngest uncles, abbas ibn abd al-muttalib.	it descended from muhammad's youngest uncles, abbas ibn abd al-muttalib.
he is searching for a female journalist he was escorting after she went missing when their boat was destroyed by mercenaries.	he is searching for a journalist he was escorting after she went missing when their boat was destroyed by mercenaries.
the developer will renovate and convert the property to a community of rental town homes, condominiums, a sports facility, restaurant and conference centre complete with a beautiful church .	the developer will renovate and convert the property to a community of rental town homes, condominiums, a sports facility, restaurant and conference centre complete with a church .
"he also imposed a sweeping and breathtakingly simple concept of honor — ""we have but one rule, and it is that every student is a gentleman"" — that endures today at washington and lee and at a few other schools that continue to maintain ""honor systems."""	"he also imposed a sweeping and simple concept of honor — ""we have but one rule, and it is that every student is a gentleman"" — that endures today at washington and lee and at a few other schools that continue to maintain ""honor systems."""
in relation to the computer game doom , prboom is a source port derived off the original boom that attempts to remain completely damn compatible with original doom resources, including demo support.	in relation to the computer game doom , prboom is a source port derived off the original boom that attempts to remain completely compatible with original doom resources, including demo support.
however, churches of christ reject this criticism .	however, churches of christ reject this as a formalized doctrine .
legacy records released a remastered version for compact disc on june 13, 2006. the original master tapes were digitally remastered personally by the band's leader, tom scholz, after he heard that the remastering project was to be handled by sony.	legacy records released a remastered version for compact disc on june 13, 2006. the original master tapes were digitally remastered by the band's leader, tom scholz, after he heard that the remastering project was to be handled by sony.
harrisburg is home to the magnificent pennsylvania state capitol.	harrisburg is home to the pennsylvania state capitol.
"fedor von bock (december 3, 1880 - may 4, 1945) was a generalfeldmarschall of the wehrmacht who served as army group center's commander during the attack on the soviet union in 1941. von bock was considered a very ""by the book"" general and was not heavily involved in nazi politics but also did not sympathize with those who opposed adolf hitler."	"fedor von bock (december 3, 1880 - may 4, 1945) was a generalfeldmarschall of the wehrmacht who served as army group center's commander during the attack on the soviet union in 1941. von bock was considered a very ""by the book"" general and was not heavily involved in politics but also did not sympathize with those who opposed adolf hitler."
"in september 2006, an american spammer named david linhardt, operating as ""e360 insight llc"", filed suit against spamhaus in illinois for blacklisting his junk mailings."	"in september 2006, an american spammer named david linhardt, operating as ""e360 insight llc"", filed suit against spamhaus in illinois for blacklisting his mailings."
given that rabin had only recently been assassinated at first contact's release, the name is likely the filmmakers' tribute to the martyred prime minister.	given that rabin had only recently been assassinated at first contact's release, the name is likely the filmmakers' tribute to the deceased prime minister.
a former new age traveller, he is the outspoken owner of the electricity company ecotricity.	a former new age traveller, he is the owner of the electricity company ecotricity.
she went to the private school of st helen and st katharine in abingdon, oxfordshire and then took her a levels at prestigious marlborough college in wiltshire.	she went to the private school of st helen and st katharine in abingdon, oxfordshire and then took her a levels at marlborough college in wiltshire.
comcast is one of the many isp, (internet service providers) who are secretly trying to limit what users do on the internet.	time warner is one of the many isp, (internet service providers) who are secretly trying to limit what users do on the internet.
the my lai massacre (, approximately ) (vietnamese: thm st m lai) was the slaughter of hundreds of defenceless vietnamese civilians, mostly women and children, by the u.s. army on march 16, 1968, in the hamlet of my lai, during the vietnam war.	the my lai massacre (, approximately ) (vietnamese: thm st m lai) was the killing of hundreds of defenceless vietnamese civilians, mostly women and children, by the u.s. army on march 16, 1968, in the hamlet of my lai, during the vietnam war.
manufacturers of loader cranes include the well-known swedish company hiab (hydrauliska industri ab) and the danish company hmf .	manufacturers of loader cranes include the swedish company hiab (hydrauliska industri ab) and the danish company hmf .
unfortunately dvds of the series have yet to be released — and all of the above videos (apart from the final three) are now deleted and not available in shops (although some might be still available from online distributors).	dvds of the series have yet to be released — and all of the above videos (apart from the final three) are now deleted and not available in shops (although some might be still available from online distributors).
fiorello la guardia, legendary 99th mayor of new york city, son of trieste-born irene coen, of the luzzatto family.	fiorello la guardia, 99th mayor of new york city, son of trieste-born irene coen, of the luzzatto family.
however, the latter day saint movement's uneasy relationship with orthodox christianity has not changed.	however, the latter day saint movement's uneasy relationship with traditional christianity has not changed.
he argued that the state should intervene to regulate the economy in the service of such higher values.	he argued that the state should intervene to regulate the economy in the service of such values.
he then flew to air bases in louisiana and nebraska before returning to washington, d.c. in the late afternoon.	after leaving florida that morning, president bush then flew to air bases in louisiana and nebraska before returning to washington, d.c. in the late afternoon.
the uk government continued to harass the occupants of sealand for 15 years with a series of litigations involving payment of social security taxes, television licensing, and other matters, but the court has consistently ruled sealand was not a part of the united kingdom.	the uk government continued to pursue the occupants of sealand for 15 years with a series of litigations involving payment of social security taxes, television licensing, and other matters, but the court has consistently ruled sealand was not a part of the united kingdom.
the syrian bourgeoisie also hoped to find a market in egypt.	the syrian elite also hoped to find a market in egypt.
polish: misk, misk litewski, misk biaoruski, used when belarus was under the polish occupation .	polish: misk, misk litewski, misk biaoruski, used when belarus was under the polish rule .
the mre replaced c-rations in 1980 and was the successor to the so-called lrrp ration developed by the u.s. army for special forces and u.s. army ranger patrol units in vietnam.	the mre replaced c-rations in 1980 and was the successor to the lrrp ration developed by the u.s. army for special forces and u.s. army ranger patrol units in vietnam.
stuart murdoch is the felt t-shirt wearing lead singer/songwriter of mesmerizing scottish chamber pop octet belle and sebastian.	stuart murdoch is the felt t-shirt wearing lead singer/songwriter of scottish chamber pop octet belle and sebastian.
he holds his own broken tusk in his lower right hand and holds some form of tasty delicacy in his left hand, which he samples with his trunk.	he holds his own broken tusk in his lower right hand and holds some form of delicacy in his left hand, which he samples with his trunk.
her candidacy has been endorsed by high-profile republicans including mitt romney, john mccain, dick cheney, and the former u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice.	her candidacy has been endorsed by republicans including mitt romney, john mccain, dick cheney, and the former u.s. secretary of state condoleezza rice.
it was founded on september 22, 1889, out of territory that had been evangelized by the legendery missionary priest father francis xavier pierz.	it was founded on september 22, 1889, out of territory that had been evangelized by the missionary priest father francis xavier pierz.
in 2005 wright oversaw norman lamb's general election victory in north norfolk increasing the majority from just 483 votes to 10,606.	in 2005 wright oversaw norman lamb's general election victory in north norfolk increasing the majority from 483 votes to 10,606.
ashbury is known for educating children of important political and diplomatic figures.	ashbury is known for educating children of widely known political and diplomatic figures.
jade began her career at the age of 12 when she played the part of nala in the lion king in the west end.	ewen began her career at the age of 12 when she played the part of nala in the lion king in the west end.
analysis of our individual and collective consumption patterns takes account of total resource use and this is then related to the environmental, social and economic impacts of that resource use in the particular context under investigation.	analysis of individual and collective consumption patterns takes account of total resource use and this is then related to the environmental, social and economic impacts of that resource use in the particular context under investigation.
based on claims in the post, quinn was falsely accused of receiving positive coverage from a journalist she was in a relationship with.	based on claims in the post, quinn was accused of receiving positive coverage from a journalist she was in a relationship with.
the account of the fall of the first parents (genesis 3) is couched in such terms that it is impossible to see in it anything more than the acknowledgment of the existence of a principle of evil who was jealous of the human race.	the account of the fall of the first parents (genesis 3) is couched in such terms that it is difficult to see in it anything more than the acknowledgment of the existence of a principle of evil who was jealous of the human race.
j. philippe rushton, psychologist and author of the controversial work race, evolution and behavior (1995), which has been alleged by leftist scientists to be a revival of 19th century scientific theories, and also simply innaccurate on certain topics, reanalyzed gould's retabulation in 1989, and argued that samuel morton, in his 1839 book crania americana, had shown a pattern of decreasing brain size proceeding from east asians, europeans, and africans.	j. philippe rushton, psychologist and author of the controversial work race, evolution and behavior (1995), which has been alleged by mainstream scientists to be a revival of 19th century scientific theories, and also simply innaccurate on certain topics, reanalyzed gould's retabulation in 1989, and argued that samuel morton, in his 1839 book crania americana, had shown a pattern of decreasing brain size proceeding from east asians, europeans, and africans.
the film featured jimmy durante misinforming an audience through a comic song how they could generate employment.	the film featured jimmy durante explaining to an audience through a comic song how they could generate employment.
his place was taken by philippe mestrezat, and later by louis tronchin, both inclined toward the liberal tendency of france, while francis turretin defended the orthodox system.	his place was taken by philippe mestrezat, and later by louis tronchin, both inclined toward the liberal tendency of france, while francis turretin defended the traditional system.
they are best known for their work on the long-running 1980s series dynasty and its spin-off series the colbys, the latter of which the pollocks co-created with dynasty creators richard and esther shapiro.	they are best known for their work on the 1980s series dynasty and its spin-off series the colbys, the latter of which the pollocks co-created with dynasty creators richard and esther shapiro.
the book marks the beginning of modern skepticism as a science-based movement.	the book has been described as the beginning of modern skepticism as a science-based movement.
"it has been noted by some music critics that ""gold lion"" sounds startlingly similar to ""no new tale to tell"" from 1980s alternative band love and rockets."	"it has been noted by some music critics that ""gold lion"" sounds similar to ""no new tale to tell"" from 1980s alternative band love and rockets."
shortly after his passing she wrote the memoir after midnight: the life and death of brad davis with hilary de vries.	shortly after his death she wrote the memoir after midnight: the life and death of brad davis with hilary de vries.
the title of the psalm claims that it was written by david after his battle with goliath.	the title of the psalm states that it was written by david after his battle with goliath.
the prestigious award is named after the french scientist jacques herbrand and given at most once per cade or ijcar conference.	the award is named after the french scientist jacques herbrand and given at most once per cade or ijcar conference.
the israeli defense forces (idf) were on high alert at the time, because of warnings of a terrorist attack planned by the black september group, to crash an airplane loaded with explosives over central tel aviv.	the israeli defense forces (idf) were on high alert at the time, because of warnings of a attack planned by the black september group, to crash an airplane loaded with explosives over central tel aviv.
probably most commonly associated with trapping, the foothold/leghold trap has been banned in most countries and in eight u.s. states (washington, california, massachusetts, colorado, arizona, new jersey, florida, and rhode island) for its supposed cruelty.	probably most commonly associated with trapping, the foothold/leghold trap has been banned in most countries and in eight u.s. states (washington, california, massachusetts, colorado, arizona, new jersey, florida, and rhode island) for its perceived cruelty.
"the inside cover of the minutemen's seminal double album double nickels on the dime says ""take that hskers!"""	"the inside cover of the minutemen's double album double nickels on the dime says ""take that hskers!"""
the common examples of these materials are alumina (al2o3), chromia (cr2o3) and carbon.	common examples of these materials are alumina (al2o3), chromia (cr2o3) and carbon.
"his own son, l. ron hubbard, jr. claimed in 1983 ""99% of what my father ever wrote or said about himself is totally untrue."""	"his son, l. ron hubbard, jr. claimed in 1983 ""99% of what my father ever wrote or said about himself is totally untrue."""
since the production is concentrated in one facility, it is possible to separate the co2 and dispose of it properly , for example by injecting it in an oil or gas reservoir (see carbon capture), although this is not currently done in most cases.	since the production is concentrated in one facility, it is possible to separate the co2 and dispose of it without atmospheric release , for example by injecting it in an oil or gas reservoir (see carbon capture), although this is not currently done in most cases.
the documentary hypothesis (dh) , sometimes erroneously called the wellhausen hypothesis, holds that the writings of the pentateuch (the torah, to use its hebrew name) derive from originally independent narratives.	the documentary hypothesis (dh) , sometimes called the wellhausen hypothesis, holds that the writings of the pentateuch (the torah, to use its hebrew name) derive from originally independent narratives.
"torsten ""totta"" erik nslund (april 1, 1945 june 19, 2005) was a great swedish rock and blues musician, with leftist political views."	"torsten ""totta"" erik nslund (april 1, 1945 june 19, 2005) was a swedish rock and blues musician, with leftist political views."
the extensive study performed by ecometrix incorporated concluded that the plans construction and operation posed no risk to air and water quality.	the study performed by ecometrix incorporated concluded that the plans construction and operation posed no risk to air and water quality.
all of the above countries utilize norwegian-designed petn grenades to improve the humaneness of the kill, with the exception of japan, which uses domestically manufactured grenades, which unfortunately have proved less effective at guaranteeing an instant kill.	all of the above countries utilize norwegian-designed petn grenades to improve the humaneness of the kill, with the exception of japan, which uses domestically manufactured grenades, which have proved less effective at guaranteeing an instant kill.
the series had extraordinary low ratings from the beginning.	the series had very low ratings from the beginning.
the number of sons of anathoth at the census of men of israel upon return from exile ( holy bible, ezra 2:23).	the number of sons of anathoth at the census of men of israel upon return from exile ( the bible , ezra 2:23).
the following is a list of notable deaths in january 2017.	the following is a list of deaths in january 2017.
a charged object brought close to an electrically neutral object causes a separation of charge within the conductor .	a charged object brought close to an electrically neutral object causes a separation of charge within the neutral object .
he died in rome at the age of 46, shortly after being released from prison; he is buried in the so-called protestant cemetery there.	he died in rome at the age of 46, shortly after being released from prison; he is buried in the protestant cemetery there.
an extreme example of anti-necktie sentiment is found in iran, whose theocratic rulers have denounced the accessory as a decadent symbol of western oppression.	an example of anti-necktie sentiment is found in iran, whose theocratic rulers have denounced the accessory as a decadent symbol of western oppression.
in the urban areas, the three most common languages, other than english, spoken at home are: italian, chinese languages , and german.	in the urban areas, the three most common languages, other than english, spoken at home are: italian, chinese, and german.
tom watson lead a small number of mps in speaking out firmly against the digital economy act 2010, as the bill was being passed through parliament in april 2010 during the 'wash-up' period before the election.	tom watson lead a number of mps in speaking out firmly against the digital economy act 2010, as the bill was being passed through parliament in april 2010 during the 'wash-up' period before the election.
sophie monk, an australian starlet	sophie monk, an australian singer
commentators in the 21st century have on the whole regarded scott more positively, emphasising errors by his team members, but ascribing the expedition's fate primarily to misfortune.	commentators in the 21st century have on the whole regarded scott more positively, emphasising errors by his team members, but apportioning the expedition's fate primarily to misfortune.
robert gerard sands, (irish name: roibeard gearid seachnasaigh), commonly known as bobby sands (9 march, 1954 – 5 may, 1981), was an irish republican terrorist who died on hunger strike in the prison officially called hm prison maze but formerly known as long kesh (a name still used by irish republicans).	robert gerard sands, (irish name: roibeard gearid seachnasaigh), commonly known as bobby sands (9 march, 1954 – 5 may, 1981), was an irish republican who died on hunger strike in the prison officially called hm prison maze but formerly known as long kesh (a name still used by irish republicans).
some economists like james tobin have argued that these triangles do not have a huge impact on the economy, whereas others ( mostly martin feldstein) maintain that they can seriously affect long term economic trends by pivoting the trend downwards, thus causing a magnification of losses in the long run.	some economists like james tobin have argued that these triangles do not have a huge impact on the economy, whereas others ( for example martin feldstein) maintain that they can seriously affect long term economic trends by pivoting the trend downwards, thus causing a magnification of losses in the long run.
the nile also carries far less water than the mighty amazon.	the nile also carries far less water than the amazon.
"the ugly scattered arrangments of the coloring in cadpat gear has caused many forces members to nickname it ""relish""."	"the scattered arrangments of the coloring in cadpat gear has caused many forces members to nickname it ""relish""."
he is the president of the far-right national front party and perennial candidate for the presidential elections.	he is the president of the national front party and perennial candidate for the presidential elections.
the blu-ray disc association unveiled their plans for a may 23, 2006 release date at the consumer electronics show (ces) in january 2006. since then, blu-ray was delayed, but finally shipped in the u.s. on june 20, 2006.	the blu-ray disc association unveiled their plans for a may 23, 2006 release date at the consumer electronics show (ces) in january 2006. since then, blu-ray was delayed, but eventually shipped in the u.s. on june 20, 2006.
if his wife is similarly negligent that figure rises to 80 percent.	if his wife is similarly irregular that figure rises to 80 percent.
today, the peninsula is a travelling site that offers calmness, direct contact with nature and breathtaking views.	today, the peninsula is a travelling site that offers calmness, direct contact with nature and scenic views.
the editorial policy claims to be ecumenical.	the editorial policy is stated to be ecumenical.
it is only available in higher amounts due to the easiness of digestion of high glycemic index foods.	it is only available in higher amounts due to the ease of digestion of high glycemic index foods.
he was survived by a number of his descendants, including his granddaughter, yko tj, a right-wing fascist and political hopeful who claims japan's was a war of self-defense and that it was unfair that her grandfather was judged a class-a war criminal.	he was survived by a number of his descendants, including his granddaughter, yko tj, a right-wing nationalist and political hopeful who claims japan's was a war of self-defense and that it was unfair that her grandfather was judged a class-a war criminal.
"bloggers have derided ushi and often describe her as a cruel and racist ""yellowface"" caricature."	"bloggers have derided ushi and describe her as a cruel and racist ""yellowface"" caricature."
at present, he is working for singam 2, a sequel to his successful 2010 film singam.	at present, he is working for singam 2, a sequel to his 2010 film singam.
reika yukishiro (neutral side of reika)	reika yakishiro (neutral side of reika)
some do not accept that the presence or absence of the foreskin makes any difference and as such has no sexual effect.	some do not believe that the presence or absence of the foreskin makes any difference and as such has no sexual effect.
some british histories allow that it was probably the result of accident or error; someone accidentally or maliciously fired a shot, the panic-stricken british opened fire, and it became impossible to stop the massacre.	some british histories allow that it was possibly the result of accident or error; someone accidentally or maliciously fired a shot, the panic-stricken british opened fire, and it became impossible to stop the massacre.
"according to hindu belief, swamimalai is where muruga preached what as called as ""pranava mantra"" to his own father, shiva, at a tender age, after arresting brahma for not answering his question about pranava mantra."	"according to hindu belief, swamimalai is where muruga preached what as called as ""pranava mantra"" to his own father, shiva, at a young age, after arresting brahma for not answering his question about pranava mantra."
despite being a startlingly simple molecule, no is a fundamental player in the fields of neuroscience, physiology, and immunology, and was proclaimed molecule of the year in 1992	despite being a simple molecule, no is a fundamental player in the fields of neuroscience, physiology, and immunology, and was proclaimed molecule of the year in 1992
after the release of the film, some incorrectly perceived the visualisation as an example of media misrepresentation of computers , citing the computer game-like display as being an unrealistic hollywood mockup.	after the release of the film, some perceived the visualisation as an example of media misrepresentation of computers , citing the computer game-like display as being an unrealistic hollywood mockup.
grant was flanked by three fellow west point graduates, all dressed in blue uniform, including james longstreet , julia's cousin.	grant was flanked by three fellow west point graduates, all dressed in blue uniform, including longstreet, julia's cousin.
laura leggett linney (born february 5, 1964) is a three-time academy award-nominated, a three time golden globe nominee and a three-time emmy award-winning american actress , active in movies, television, and theatre.	laura leggett linney (born february 5, 1964) is a three-time academy award-nominated, a three time golden globe nominee and a three-time emmy award-winning american actor , active in movies, television, and theatre.
branham's first meetings as a faith healer started in 1946. branham's sensational healing services are well documented and he is regarded as the pacesetter for those who followed.	branham's first meetings as a faith healer started in 1946. branham's healing services are well documented and he is regarded as the pacesetter for those who followed.
in 1971 he was arrested for suspicion of involvement with the terrorist irish national liberation army (inla).	in 1971 he was arrested for suspicion of involvement with the paramilitary irish national liberation army (inla).
it was also the site, in january 2017, of a protest against a crackdown on undocumented immigrants.	it was also the site, in january 2017, of a protest against a crackdown on illegal immigrants.
mr. kennedy won the brutal match after knocking cm punk off the ladder with a shot from another ladder.	mr. kennedy won the match after knocking cm punk off the ladder with a shot from another ladder.
the washington post featured seven of idea's eligible college preparatory schools in its 2016 ranking of america's most challenging high schools.	the washington post included seven of idea's eligible college preparatory schools in its 2016 ranking of america's most challenging high schools.
"he became known to some as the ""iron man of radio"" for his incredible ability to ad lib while on the air, as well as his stamina, composure, and elocution."	"he became known to some as the ""iron man of radio"" for his ability to ad lib while on the air, as well as his stamina, composure, and elocution."
schwa is the most common vowel sound in english, the unstressed vowel in many unstressed syllables,	schwa is the most common vowel sound in english, the reduced vowel in many unstressed syllables,
to bolster a lineup of mostly young players, ned colleti made trades for shortstop angel berroa, third-baseman casey blake, and on july 31, 2008 the los angeles dodgers acquired outfielder manny ramirez from the boston red sox in a blockbuster 3-way deal that sent third baseman andy laroche and single-a prospect pitcher bryan morris to the pittsburgh pirates and all-star outfielder jason bay to the red sox.	to bolster a lineup of mostly young players, ned colleti made trades for shortstop angel berroa, third-baseman casey blake, and on july 31, 2008 the los angeles dodgers acquired outfielder manny ramirez from the boston red sox in a 3-way deal that sent third baseman andy laroche and single-a prospect pitcher bryan morris to the pittsburgh pirates and all-star outfielder jason bay to the red sox.
indiana is a diverse state with five large urban areas and a number of smaller industrial cities.	indiana is a diverse state with a few large urban areas and a number of smaller industrial cities.
"anti-gun advocates argue that the meaning of 'infringe' at the time of the adoption was closer to ""breaking"" or ""fracturing"", rather than a temporary, partial, or transient violation."	"gun control advocates argue that the meaning of 'infringe' at the time of the adoption was closer to ""breaking"" or ""fracturing"", rather than a temporary, partial, or transient violation."
in 1917, before the bolshevik uprising, russia's health conditions were centuries behind the developed countries.	in 1917, before the bolshevik uprising, russia's health conditions were improving, but still significantly behind the developed countries.
the case itself is crafted from a solid block of 904l stainless steel, gold, or platinum.	the case itself is made from a solid block of 904l stainless steel, gold, or platinum.
in 2007 he chose to represent turkey at international level and has earned 35 caps, scoring twice.	in 2007 he chose to represent turkey at international level and has 35 caps, scoring twice.
"us statesman and political scientist henry kissinger stated, ""performance at a high level in any sport is to exceed the ordinary human scale."	"us politician and political scientist henry kissinger stated, ""performance at a high level in any sport is to exceed the ordinary human scale."
the impressive statue still stands.	the statue still stands.
griffith university boasts a wide array of cultural, intellectual, sporting and social groups.	griffith university has a wide array of cultural, intellectual, sporting and social groups.
joseph m. arpaio (born june 14, 1932 in springfield, massachusetts,) is a law enforcement officer, most infamously as the sheriff of maricopa county, arizona.	joseph m. arpaio (born june 14, 1932 in springfield, massachusetts,) is a law enforcement officer, most notable as the sheriff of maricopa county, arizona.
georgian propaganda poster depicting russian two-headed eagle tearing abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia	georgian protest poster depicting russian two-headed eagle tearing abkhazia and south ossetia from georgia
johnson's novel v: the second generation, an alternative sequel to the first miniseries which disregards v: the final battle and v: the series, (because of his non-involvement with them) was released on february 5, 2008. johnson claimed he was in negotiations for a tv adaptation of his sequel novel, but in october 2008, warner bros. television announced they were producing a complete remake of v instead.	johnson's novel v: the second generation, an alternative sequel to the first miniseries which disregards v: the final battle and v: the series, (because of his non-involvement with them) was released on february 5, 2008. johnson stated he was in negotiations for a tv adaptation of his sequel novel, but in october 2008, warner bros. television announced they were producing a complete remake of v instead.
the latter's claims have since been refuted in great detail in a book written by schaefer, et.	the latter's claims have since been answered in great detail in a book written by schaefer, et.
episodes in which he plays a major role often address race -related topics.	episodes in which he plays a major role often address ethnicity -related topics.
"this victory finally gained praise from the okw: in the order of the day they were commended for their ""unshakable offensive spirit"" and told that ""the present victory signifies for the leibstandarte a new and imperishable page of honour in its history."""	"this victory gained praise from the okw: in the order of the day they were commended for their ""unshakable offensive spirit"" and told that ""the present victory signifies for the leibstandarte a new and imperishable page of honour in its history."""
in february 2013, trafigura maritime ventures limited, the malta based subsidiary of trafigura maritime logistics pte limited based in singapore; along with totals oil trading arm became embroiled in an oil price fixing controversy that led to the barring of both companies from the tendering process by the enemalta oil purchasing board.	in february 2013, trafigura maritime ventures limited, the malta based subsidiary of trafigura maritime logistics pte limited based in singapore; along with totals oil trading arm became involved in an oil price fixing controversy that led to the barring of both companies from the tendering process by the enemalta oil purchasing board.
"the group maintains that its aim is to oppose islamic extremism; they have the motto ""racism is the lowest form of human stupidity, but islamophobia is the height of common sense""."	"the group says that its aim is to oppose islamic extremism; they have the motto ""racism is the lowest form of human stupidity, but islamophobia is the height of common sense""."
reformers defend the popular understanding of the case as materially accurate, note that the vast majority of judges to consider similar cases dismiss them before they get to a jury, and note that mcdonald's refusal to offer more than a nuisance settlement reflects the meritless nature of the suit rather than any wrongdoing.	reformers defend the popular understanding of the case as materially accurate, note that the vast majority of judges to consider similar cases dismiss them before they get to a jury, and argue that mcdonald's refusal to offer more than a nuisance settlement reflects the meritless nature of the suit rather than any wrongdoing.
new testament christian churches of america, inc has often been complemented by the zealousness of their followers and pure bible teaching.	new testament christian churches of america, inc has often been noticed by the zealousness of their followers and pure bible teaching.
"many critics have noted that jill murphy's the worst witch series (first published in 1974), is set in a school for girls, ""miss cackle's academy for witches"", remarkably reminiscent of hogwarts."	"many critics have noted that jill murphy's the worst witch series (first published in 1974), is set in a school for girls, ""miss cackle's academy for witches"", reminiscent of hogwarts."
similar symbolism occurred in 1988, when dresden twinned with the dutch city of rotterdam, the old city center of which was completely destroyed by german terror bombing in 1940. dresden has twelve twin cities.	similar symbolism occurred in 1988, when dresden twinned with the dutch city of rotterdam, the old city center of which was completely destroyed by german bombing in 1940. dresden has twelve twin cities.
hela is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	hela is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
again motul introduces first semi-synthetic motor oil in 1966.	motul introduces first semi-synthetic motor oil in 1966.
in recent years, thanks in large part to the county's position on the jersey shore and its location within commuting distance of new york city, the population and cost of living have been skyrocketing.	in recent years, due in large part to the county's position on the jersey shore and its location within commuting distance of new york city, the population and cost of living have been skyrocketing.
invader zim, trademarked as invader zim, is an award-winning american animated television series that aired on and was produced by nickelodeon.	invader zim, trademarked as invader zim, is an american animated television series that aired on and was produced by nickelodeon.
while violence and discrimination against women is unfortunately widespread across the globe, it is well established that social inequality is a participatory factor.	while violence and discrimination against women is widespread across the globe, it is well established that social inequality is a participatory factor.
at the show's start, comedienne jo hye-ryun, entertainer hyun young, singer chae yeon, mc park kyung-lim, and actress kim min-sun were the high-five stars.	at the show's start, comedian jo hye-ryun, entertainer hyun young, singer chae yeon, mc park kyung-lim, and actress kim min-sun were the high-five stars.
after her passing , palme is visited by a mysterious woman who he mistakenly believes to be xian.	after her death , palme is visited by a mysterious woman who he mistakenly believes to be xian.
the columbus, wisconsin depot is manned by an amtrak station master, providing full ticketing and baggage handling services for both the eastbound (train #8/28) and westbound (train #7/27) empire builders.	the columbus, wisconsin depot is staffed by an amtrak station master, providing full ticketing and baggage handling services for both the eastbound (train #8/28) and westbound (train #7/27) empire builders.
in the end, however, damien survives as he watches his father's funeral with a sick smile.	in the end, however, damien survives as he watches his father's funeral with a smile.
the angler normally holds the rod in his/her dominant hand and manipulates the line down by the reel with the other, working line out a bit at a time as the momentum carrying it forward and backward allows.	the angler normally holds the rod in the dominant hand and manipulates the line down by the reel with the other, working line out a bit at a time as the momentum carrying it forward and backward allows.
after his father's passing	after his father's death
there are also ports available in c++ for other operating-systems such as gnu/ linux, bsd and other unix platforms.	there are also ports available in c++ for other operating-systems such as linux, bsd and other unix platforms.
one of the defining debates in the club over the past 30 years has undoubtedly been voluntary student unionism (vsu).	one of the defining debates in the club over the past 30 years has been voluntary student unionism (vsu).
"he also examines american militarism, and takes a personal look at the ways that american society has a reduced ""social safety net"" to take care of its citizens, compared to other countries."	"he also examines american militarism, and takes a personal look at the ways that american society has a smaller ""social safety net"" to take care of its citizens, compared to other countries."
hduk runs weekly meetings, weekends away and wonderful summer and winter camps all over the world.	hduk runs weekly meetings, weekends away and summer and winter camps all over the world.
uk magazine edge gave the game a respectable rating of 7. due to the intentionally faithful recreation of the original command and conquer experience, the magazine felt that the game's strategic formula was too dated in comparison to more strategic titles currently available in the rts market.	uk magazine edge gave the game a rating of 7. due to the intentionally faithful recreation of the original command and conquer experience, the magazine felt that the game's strategic formula was too dated in comparison to more strategic titles currently available in the rts market.
a u.s. propaganda psyop leaflet disseminated in iraq shows al-zarqawi caught in a rat trap.	a u.s. psyop leaflet disseminated in iraq shows al-zarqawi caught in a rat trap.
there is also a phenomenal north wales based band called mainstream, more information at the bottom	there is also a north wales based band called mainstream, more information at the bottom
however, some critics contend that melville physically abused his wife and created an atmosphere at home that led to his eldest son malcolm's suicide and his younger son stanwix's very early death in san francisco, which evidence even at the time was ambiguous enough to leave open the possibility that stanwix committed suicide as well.	however, some researchers contend that melville physically abused his wife and created an atmosphere at home that led to his eldest son malcolm's suicide and his younger son stanwix's very early death in san francisco, which evidence even at the time was ambiguous enough to leave open the possibility that stanwix committed suicide as well.
he was awarded the prestigious padma vibhushan award on 26 january 1966.	he was awarded the padma vibhushan award on 26 january 1966.
the current official position of the roman catholic church, expressed in the canon law and the catechism of the catholic church, is that: only a baptized man (vir) validly receives sacred ordination.	the official position of the roman catholic church, expressed in the canon law and the catechism of the catholic church, is that: only a baptized man (vir) validly receives sacred ordination.
savatage continued however, with the release of edge of thorns in 1993. tragedy struck for the band later that year, when on october 17, 1993, criss oliva was killed in a tragic car accident on his way back from a show in tampa, florida.	savatage continued however, with the release of edge of thorns in 1993. tragedy struck for the band later that year, when on october 17, 1993, criss oliva was killed in a car accident on his way back from a show in tampa, florida.
in 1951, the people's liberation army invaded tibet .	in 1951, the people's liberation army entered the region of tibet.
blood libel is the false accusation that jews murder christian or muslim children to use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.	blood libel is the accusation that jews murder christian or muslim children to use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.
false allegations that obama is or was a muslim	allegations that obama is or was a muslim
under indirect orders from fremont, carson presided over the cold-blooded killing of three californio citizens at point san pablo: the two young de haro twins and the elder jose de los reyes berreyessa.	under indirect orders from fremont, carson presided over the controversial killing of three californio citizens at point san pablo: the two young de haro twins and the elder jose de los reyes berreyessa.
it is famous for its many electronic industries (centered at the capital) and for its kabyle culture.	it is notable for its many electronic industries (centered at the capital) and for its kabyle culture.
for some reason this particular figure's history is quite convoluted in muslim sources as compared to that of judaeo-christian.	for some reason this particular figure's history is convoluted in muslim sources as compared to that of judaeo-christian.
in 1977, kochiyama joined a group of puerto ricans who took over the statue of liberty to draw attention to the struggle for puerto rican independence.	in 1977, kochiyama joined a group of puerto ricans who took over the statue of liberty to draw attention to the movement for puerto rican independence.
being fluent in arabic and persian, she interpreted the qur'an faithfully in a modern, realistic and tolerant way.	being fluent in arabic and persian, she interpreted the qur'an in a modern, realistic and tolerant way.
lori helene berenson (born november 13, 1969) is an american terrorist convicted in peru of unlawful collaboration with the tpac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta), a terrorist organization from peru, and which had committed numerous attacks in attempting to overthrow the government.	lori helene berenson (born november 13, 1969) is an american convicted in peru of unlawful collaboration with the tpac amaru revolutionary movement (mrta), a terrorist organization from peru, and which had committed numerous attacks in attempting to overthrow the government.
in such systems, even though the neutral conductor is at a very low voltage with respect to ground, it is insulated for the full supply voltage in case of a fault such as a break in the wiring between netural and source.	in such systems, even though the neutral conductor is at a very low voltage with respect to ground, it is insulated for the full supply voltage in case of a fault such as a break in the wiring between neutral and source.
"intelligent design is the assertion that ""certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection."	"intelligent design is the theory that ""certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection."
ferdinando nicola sacco (april 22, 1891-august 23, 1927) and bartolomeo vanzetti (june 11, 1888-august 23, 1927) were italian immigrants and admitted anarchists who were accused and convicted of murdering two men during a 1920 armed robbery in massachusetts.	ferdinando nicola sacco (april 22, 1891-august 23, 1927) and bartolomeo vanzetti (june 11, 1888-august 23, 1927) were italian immigrants and anarchists who were accused and convicted of murdering two men during a 1920 armed robbery in massachusetts.
each case begins with the user being alerted that a ridiculously spectacular theft has been committed.	each case begins with the user being alerted that a spectacular theft has been committed.
"the statement was however somewhat mistranslated and ripped from the following context: page 197 ""there is, as said, something moving about people, whom to this degree surrender to a faith."	"the statement was however somewhat mistranslated and taken from the following context: page 197 ""there is, as said, something moving about people, whom to this degree surrender to a faith."
"the indy, code-named ""guinness"", is a low-end workstation introduced on 12 july 1993. developed and manufactured by silicon graphics incorporated (sgi), it was the result of their attempt to obtain a share of the low-end computer-aided design (cad) market, which was dominated at the time by other workstation vendors; and the desktop publishing and multimedia markets, which were mostly dominated at the time by apple computer."	"the indy, code-named ""guinness"", is a workstation introduced on 12 july 1993. developed and manufactured by silicon graphics incorporated (sgi), it was the result of their attempt to obtain a share of the low-end computer-aided design (cad) market, which was dominated at the time by other workstation vendors; and the desktop publishing and multimedia markets, which were mostly dominated at the time by apple computer."
"after his haunting rendition, jafargholi ended the musical tribute saying, ""i love michael jackson...""."	"after his rendition, jafargholi ended the musical tribute saying, ""i love michael jackson...""."
the administration believed saddam hussein was a threat to u.s. interests, destabilized the middle east, inflamed the israeli-palestinian conflict, gave financial support to terrorists and had wmd.	the administration contended that saddam hussein was a threat to u.s. interests, destabilized the middle east, inflamed the israeli-palestinian conflict, gave financial support to terrorists and had wmd.
jimmy lee jackson (december 1938 - february 26, 1965) was a young civil rights protestor who was killed by an alabama state trooper in 1965. jackson's death was among the abuses of african americans that provoked the selma to montgomery marches, an important event in the american civil rights movement.	jimmy lee jackson (december 1938 - february 26, 1965) was a young civil rights protestor who was killed by an alabama state trooper in 1965. jackson's death was among the abuses of african americans that inspired the selma to montgomery marches, an important event in the american civil rights movement.
the monastery was rebuilt after the war and the bodies of the martyrs were exhumed and placed in a tomb.	the monastery was rebuilt after the war and the bodies of the monks were exhumed and placed in a tomb.
founded in 1993 by wendy madeleine kidd (the mother of supermodels jodie kidd and jemma kidd), this caribbean arts festival is now held annually in march/april at holder's house, an old plantation house just inland from sandy lane bay, barbados.	founded in 1993 by wendy madeleine kidd (the mother of model jodie kidd and jemma kidd), this caribbean arts festival is now held annually in march/april at holder's house, an old plantation house just inland from sandy lane bay, barbados.
terrence gene terry bollea (born on august 11 1953) is an american actor and a legendary semi-retired professional wrestler better known as hulk hogan.	terrence gene terry bollea (born on august 11 1953) is an american actor and a semi-retired professional wrestler better known as hulk hogan.
at the beginning of the 19th century, increasing nationalism led to a tendency to transfigure the austrian mozart's genius , while the italian salieri was given the role of his evil antagonist.	at the beginning of the 19th century, increasing nationalism led to a tendency to transfigure the austrian mozart's character , while the italian salieri was given the role of his evil antagonist.
this just in is a phrase told by anchormen when an important piece of news has just arrived while on the air.	this just in is a phrase told by news anchors when an important piece of news has just arrived while on the air.
"a handful of looney tunes and merrie melodies shorts from the world war ii era are no longer aired on american television nor are they available for sale by warner bros. because of the racial stereotypes of african-americans , jews (especially in the earlier cartoons, despite the fact that all four of the warner brothers that the studio was named for were jewish as well ), japanese, chinese people, and germans (especially during wwii, as in ""tokio jokio"") included in some of the cartoons."	"a handful of looney tunes and merrie melodies shorts from the world war ii era are no longer aired on american television nor are they available for sale by warner bros. because of the racial stereotypes of negro es , jews (especially in the earlier cartoons, despite the fact that all four of the warner brothers that the studio was named for were jewish as well ), japanese, chinese people, and germans (especially during wwii, as in ""tokio jokio"") included in some of the cartoons."
he was dumped as treasurer on 5 september 2008.	he was dismissed as treasurer on 5 september 2008.
these actions generated considerable disturbance, and culminated in smith's assassination by a mob while he was in legal custody and awaiting a trial in nearby carthage.	these actions generated considerable disturbance, and culminated in smith's killing by a mob while he was in legal custody and awaiting a trial in nearby carthage.
keith rupert murdoch, ac, kcsg (born melbourne, march 11, 1931), usually known as rupert murdoch, is an australian-american global prostitute .	keith rupert murdoch, ac, kcsg (born melbourne, march 11, 1931), usually known as rupert murdoch, is an australian-american global media mogul .
when the suzerain of cost and caution is fortuitously killed in an accident set up by the neo-chim resistance movement, the other two suzerains exploit the situation and further their own goals.	when the suzerain of cost and caution is killed in an accident set up by the neo-chim resistance movement, the other two suzerains exploit the situation and further their own goals.
tanuja's parents parted amicably while she was still a child, and our shobhana became linked to actor motilal.	tanuja's parents parted amicably while she was still a child, and shobhana became linked to actor motilal.
the interview drew much criticism from conservatives .	the interview drew much criticism from others in the media .
a speechwriter for racist governor george wallace of alabama; and, under the pseudonym forrest carter, an american novelist and seeming champion of racial tolerance.	a speechwriter for governor george wallace of alabama; and, under the pseudonym forrest carter, an american novelist and seeming champion of racial tolerance.
the following arguments have been based on the content: (1) the contradiction between romans 9-11 and 1 thes.	the following arguments have been based on the content: (1) perceived contradiction between romans 9-11 and 1 thes.
rigt|the controversial civic centre building behind the dirty theatre car park	rigt|the controversial civic centre building behind the theatre car park
paul pena was featured in the superb documentary genghis blues which tells the story of his pilgrimage to tuva to compete in their annual throatsinging competition.	paul pena was featured in the documentary genghis blues which tells the story of his pilgrimage to tuva to compete in their annual throatsinging competition.
however, he chose instead to implicate british officers in his book.	however, he chose instead to use british officers in his book.
overzealous law enforcement officials subjected more and more retailers to obscenity charges.	law enforcement officials subjected more and more retailers to obscenity charges.
"in roman catholicism, this title is given to a saint from whose writings the whole christian church is held to have derived great advantage and to whom ""eminent learning"" and ""great sanctity"" have been attributed by a proclamation of a pope or of an ecumenical council."	"in roman catholicism, this title is given to a saint from whose writings the whole roman catholic church is held to have derived great advantage and to whom ""eminent learning"" and ""great sanctity"" have been attributed by a proclamation of a pope or of an ecumenical council."
north africa's inhabitants are generally erroneously perceived and portrayed by the west to be predominantly caucasoid.	north africa's inhabitants are generally perceived and portrayed by the west to be predominantly caucasoid.
1987 - jennylyn mercado, filipino superstar actress and singer	1987 - jennylyn mercado, filipino actress and singer
the irish government took the first step by undoing william iii's wicked work of joining the profession of fidelity to the sovereign with the rejection of papal authority.	the irish government took the first step by undoing william iii's work of joining the profession of fidelity to the sovereign with the rejection of papal authority.
sirhan sirhan (arabic: , died 2003) was a palestinian responsible for an attack on the israeli kibbutz metzer on november 10, 2002, in which he murdered five israeli civilians, including revital ohayoun, 34, and her two young children (matan, 5, and noam, 4), who were killed in their beds.	sirhan sirhan (arabic: , died 2003) was a palestinian responsible for an attack on the israeli kibbutz metzer on november 10, 2002, in which he killed five israeli civilians, including revital ohayoun, 34, and her two young children (matan, 5, and noam, 4), who were killed in their beds.
mr brustein is the recipient of many coveted awards, including:	mr brustein is the recipient of many awards, including:
stripperweb: an exotic dancer community that not only provides advice, support, and free services for strippers but also serves as a window into the fascinating lives of exotic dancers, their thoughts, and work.	stripperweb: an exotic dancer community that not only provides advice, support, and free services for strippers but also serves as a window into the lives of exotic dancers, their thoughts, and work.
the condominium is the most common form of housing in hungarian cities since the collapse of communist dictatorship in 1989, with the vast majority of city-dwelling hungarians owning condominium flats, since during the democratic transition state owned property was privatized to the tenants at prices as low as ten percent of market value.	the condominium is the most common form of housing in hungarian cities since the collapse of communist party rule in 1989, with the vast majority of city-dwelling hungarians owning condominium flats, since during the democratic transition state owned property was privatized to the tenants at prices as low as ten percent of market value.
in one instance, families evacuating the village of marwahin in south lebanon were struck on an open road by an israeli missile attack; 13 or 18 were killed, many of them women and children.	in one instance, families evacuating the village of marwahin in south lebanon were struck on an open road by an israeli missile attack; 13 or 18 were killed, some of them women and children.
despite a huge public outcry the superb architecture was not preserved.	despite a huge public outcry the architecture was not preserved.
in 2012 she briefly reprised her role of blair on abc's hit daytime soap general hospital	in 2012 she briefly reprised her role of blair on abc's daytime soap general hospital
the unraveling is a punk rock album by the band rise against, released in 2001, and produced by legendary punk recordist mass giorgini.	the unraveling is a punk rock album by the band rise against, released in 2001, and produced by punk recordist mass giorgini.
"to pro- abortion legal groups, bork's originalist views and his belief that the constitution does not contain a general ""right to privacy"" were viewed as a clear signal that, should he become a justice on the supreme court, he would vote to reverse the court's 1973 decision in roe v. wade."	"to pro- choice legal groups, bork's originalist views and his belief that the constitution does not contain a general ""right to privacy"" were viewed as a clear signal that, should he become a justice on the supreme court, he would vote to reverse the court's 1973 decision in roe v. wade."
kentucky is also infrequently considered midwestern, reflecting its heritage as a border state between the southeast and midwest that remained in the union during the civil war; however, the state is defined as southern by the census bureau.	kentucky is also considered midwestern, reflecting its heritage as a border state between the southeast and midwest that remained in the union during the civil war; however, the state is defined as southern by the census bureau.
sensing that planned economies could not compete against market economies in a renewed arms race, he attempted to make the cold war economically and rhetorically hot.	sensing that planned economies could not compete against market economies in a renewed arms race, he strived to make the cold war economically and rhetorically hot.
the university of oxford (informally oxford university, or simply oxford), located in the city of oxford, oxfordshire, england, is the oldest university in the english-speaking world.	the university of oxford (informally oxford university, or simply oxford), located in the city of oxford, oxfordshire, england, claims to be the oldest university in the english-speaking world.
"he was also quoted to making a racist comment in april of 2014 regarding having an ""all blacks league"" in response to the donald sterling incident."	"he was also quoted to making a comment in april of 2014 regarding having an ""all blacks league"" in response to the donald sterling incident."
"perhaps the most distinctive feature of their music is albarrn's gratingly nasal voice, which, combined with his impressive lung capacity (as demonstrated on ""la ingrata"", a homege of norteo music), makes for a very distinctive sound."	"perhaps the most distinctive feature of their music is albarrn's nasal voice, which, combined with his impressive lung capacity (as demonstrated on ""la ingrata"", a homege of norteo music), makes for a very distinctive sound."
"kit's movie, titled appropriately ""kit kittredge: an american girl"" is to premiere nationwide in early july 2008. however, special engagements have been made in select cities to premiere on june 20th."	"kit's movie, titled ""kit kittredge: an american girl"" is to premiere nationwide in early july 2008. however, special engagements have been made in select cities to premiere on june 20th."
special commands of wehrmacht and german police killed at least 5,000 serbian jews (majority) and romani people (minority) from october to november 1941 and yugoslav people from june to september 1944. danube swabian members of the regional paramilitary formation deutsche mannschaft killed there 146 of about 2,500 prisoners from bor after overnight stay at svilara of panevo on 30 september 1944 although they had already murdered 53 of them on the industrial site during the late evening of stay on 29 september.	special commands of wehrmacht and german police killed at least 5,000 serbian jews (majority) and romani people (minority) from october to november 1941 and yugoslav people from june to september 1944. danube swabian members of the regional paramilitary formation deutsche mannschaft killed there 146 of about 2,500 prisoners from bor after overnight stay at svilara of panevo on 30 september 1944 although they had already killed 53 of them on the industrial site during the late evening of stay on 29 september.
"in its historical context, the line ""deutschland, deutschland ber alles, ber alles in der welt"" (""germany, germany above all, above anything in the world"") must be understood as an appeal to the german sovereigns to put aside all other projects and concentrate their efforts on creating a united germany."	"in its historical context, the line ""deutschland, deutschland ber alles, ber alles in der welt"" (""germany, germany above all, above anything in the world"") can be understood as an appeal to the german sovereigns to put aside all other projects and concentrate their efforts on creating a united germany."
fortunately, in spite of the terrifying batch number they later found stamped on the can they had consumed, they did not become ill.	fortunately, in spite of the batch number they later found stamped on the can they had consumed, they did not become ill.
he recounts to them the biblical story of the denial of peter and upon finishing, notes the two women are deeply moved, leading him to conclude that all of history is connected through truth and beauty.	he recounts to them the gospels' story of the denial of peter and upon finishing, notes the two women are deeply moved, leading him to conclude that all of history is connected through truth and beauty.
jaffa (, ; , ; ; also called japho is the southern, oldest part of tel aviv-jaffa (since 1950), an ancient port city in palestine .	jaffa (, ; , ; ; also called japho is the southern, oldest part of tel aviv-jaffa (since 1950), an ancient port city in the levant .
returning to saigon from a consultation with the new vietminh government in hanoi, he was executed by vietminh adherents near quang ngai in september 1945. the methodical assassinations of trotskyists in saigon was reported in 1947 by dwight macdonald's politics.	returning to saigon from a consultation with the new vietminh government in hanoi, he was assassinated by vietminh adherents near quang ngai in september 1945. the methodical assassinations of trotskyists in saigon was reported in 1947 by dwight macdonald's politics.
"in 1993, congress passed the so-called ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy, codified at , which requires that the military discharge a member who (with certain exceptions):"	"in 1993, congress passed the ""don't ask, don't tell"" policy, codified at , which requires that the military discharge a member who (with certain exceptions):"
bbc radio ulster is one of two northern irish bbc radio stations, the other being bbc radio foyle located in the city of derry.	bbc radio ulster is one of two northern ireland bbc radio stations, the other being bbc radio foyle located in the city of derry.
harold appeared in the welsh open in january 2010 but unfortunately lost in the first round 51 to stephen hendry.	harold appeared in the welsh open in january 2010 but lost in the first round 51 to stephen hendry.
after a media outcry, mcdowell allowed his return.	after a public outcry, mcdowell allowed his return.
bmw's first significant aircraft power plant was the outstanding bmw iiia inline-six liquid-cooled engine of 1918, much preferred for its high-altitude performance.	bmw's first significant aircraft power plant was the bmw iiia inline-six liquid-cooled engine of 1918, much preferred for its high-altitude performance.
in her later years, she also became known in her native kalamazoo, michigan, for her immense philanthropy to western michigan university, the university of michigan, and various kalamazoo charities.	in her later years, she also became known in her native kalamazoo, michigan, for her philanthropy to western michigan university, the university of michigan, and various kalamazoo charities.
she spent a lot of time away from the public eye, recuperating, and fortunately she returned to full health.	she spent a lot of time away from the public eye, recuperating, and eventually she returned to full health.
the case was dismissed.the creator of the website was a defrauded customer who had no relation to elena's models and simply had a link to the site.	the case was dismissed.the creator of the website was a former customer who had no relation to elena's models and simply had a link to the site.
the no child left behind act of 2001 (public law 107-110), commonly known as nclb, is a controversial united states federal law that reauthorizes a number of federal programs that aim to improve the performance of america's primary and secondary schools by increasing the standards of accountability for states, school districts and schools, as well as providing parents more flexibility in choosing which schools their children will attend.	the no child left behind act of 2001 (public law 107-110), commonly known as nclb, is a united states federal law that reauthorizes a number of federal programs that aim to improve the performance of america's primary and secondary schools by increasing the standards of accountability for states, school districts and schools, as well as providing parents more flexibility in choosing which schools their children will attend.
korea university (korean: goryeo daehakkyo) is a prestigious nonsectarian, private research university located primarily in seoul, south korea, and one of the sky universities, a historical acronym used in south korea to refer to seoul national university, korea university, and yonsei university.	korea university (korean: goryeo daehakkyo) is a nonsectarian, private research university located primarily in seoul, south korea, and one of the sky universities, a historical acronym used in south korea to refer to seoul national university, korea university, and yonsei university.
kai po che opened with a decent collection of nett on day one with limited release where it did good business in metros especially.	kai po che opened with a collection of nett on day one with limited release where it did good business in metros especially.
monika schnarre (born may 27, 1971 in toronto, ontario) is a canadian supermodel .	monika schnarre (born may 27, 1971 in toronto, ontario) is a canadian model .
santa barbara is an american award-winning television soap opera, first broadcast in the united states on nbc on july 30, 1984, and last aired on january 15, 1993. the show revolved around the eventful lives of the wealthy capwell family of santa barbara, california.	santa barbara is an american television soap opera, first broadcast in the united states on nbc on july 30, 1984, and last aired on january 15, 1993. the show revolved around the eventful lives of the wealthy capwell family of santa barbara, california.
1780 – american revolution: british major john andr is arrested as a spy by american soldiers exposing benedict arnold's treason .	1780 – american revolution: british major john andr is arrested as a spy by american soldiers exposing benedict arnold's change of sides .
unfortunately the united states passed the emergency quota act in 1921 and the even more restrictive immigration act of 1924, which substantially reduced the emigrant trade from europe.	the united states passed the emergency quota act in 1921 and the even more restrictive immigration act of 1924, which substantially reduced the emigrant trade from europe.
a scene from house of bamboo (a man shot in a hot tub) plays on a projection screen in the mediocre science fiction film minority report (2002).	a scene from house of bamboo (a man shot in a hot tub) plays on a projection screen in the science fiction film minority report (2002).
singapore , officially the republic of singapore, and often referred to as the lion city, the garden city, and the red dot, is a leading global city in southeast asia and the world's only island city-state.	singapore , officially the republic of singapore, and often referred to as the lion city, the garden city, and the red dot, is a global city in southeast asia and the world's only island city-state.
subsequent books took on an overtly conspiratorial tone as he started writing books alleging a vast world conspiracy and became much more extreme in his views.	subsequent books took on an overtly conspiratorial tone as he started writing books alleging a vast world conspiracy and became much more outspoken in his views.
william henry brewer and his fellow geologist, charles f. hoffmann, did not know it already had a name, and christened it mt.	william henry brewer and his fellow geologist, charles f. hoffmann, did not know it already had a name, and named it mt.
police identified the deceased victims as motorcycle sgt.	police identified the deceased as motorcycle sgt.
catastrophe is a book by the american political commentator dick morris, spelling out hypothetical catastrophic consequences of the barack obama administration policies and shows how the obama administration can be stopped.	catastrophe is a book by the american political commentator dick morris, spelling out hypothetical catastrophic consequences of the barack obama administration policies and shows how the obama administration could be stopped.
he is due to be replaced by comedienne and frequent qi panellist sandi toksvig.	he is due to be replaced by comedian and frequent qi panellist sandi toksvig.
baseball legend ryne duren is his uncle.	baseball player ryne duren is his uncle.
twenty-two further articles and four additional provisions were interpreted restrictively, always limiting catalan self-government.	twenty-two further articles and four additional provisions were interpreted restrictively, in each case limiting catalan self-government.
many authors, including popular professor noam chomsky, argue that in practice the monroe doctrine has functioned as a declaration of hegemony and a right of unilateral intervention over the western hemisphere — limited only by prudence, as in the case of british military.	many authors, including professor noam chomsky, argue that in practice the monroe doctrine has functioned as a declaration of hegemony and a right of unilateral intervention over the western hemisphere — limited only by prudence, as in the case of british military.
risks to civilization, humans and planet earth are existential risks that would imperil mankind as a whole and/or have major adverse consequences for the course of human civilization, human extinction or even the end of planet earth.	risks to civilization, humans and planet earth are existential risks that would imperil humankind as a whole and/or have major adverse consequences for the course of human civilization, human extinction or even the end of planet earth.
they played nightclubs in the pasadena & hollywood area, and were on the ed sullivan show on november 14, 1965, as the backup band for singer/actress/ comedienne virginia o'brien.	they played nightclubs in the pasadena & hollywood area, and were on the ed sullivan show on november 14, 1965, as the backup band for singer/actress/ comedian virginia o'brien.
it is produced by kyoto animation and has a length of just 13 episodes.	it is produced by kyoto animation and has a length of 13 episodes.
it covers the full range of coast guard roles, ranging from protecting our shores, lives and property to lighthouses and lightships, from life-saving stations to rescue boats, from buoy tenders to icebreakers and weather ships and from modern aircraft to patrol boats and cutters.	it covers the full range of coast guard roles, ranging from protecting shores, lives and property to lighthouses and lightships, from life-saving stations to rescue boats, from buoy tenders to icebreakers and weather ships and from modern aircraft to patrol boats and cutters.
brokeback mountain is a bafta, golden globe, and academy award-winning film directed by ang lee and is the most honored film in cinematic history.	brokeback mountain is a bafta, golden globe, and academy award-winning film directed by ang lee and has been reported as the most honored film in cinematic history.
a washington post gossip column stated that coulter had obtained a washington d.c. driver's license with her birthdate listed as december 8, 1963, two years after the birthdate listed on her connecticut license.	a washington post opinion column stated that coulter had obtained a washington d.c. driver's license with her birthdate listed as december 8, 1963, two years after the birthdate listed on her connecticut license.
annaleigh ashford (born annaleigh swanson on june 25, 1985 in denver, colorado) is an amazing american actress known for her broadway credits in wicked, legally blonde, and hair.	annaleigh ashford (born annaleigh swanson on june 25, 1985 in denver, colorado) is an american actress known for her broadway credits in wicked, legally blonde, and hair.
murder and cannibalism	killing and cannibalism
murphy formed jd productions with jane hamsher, and they produced a string of well-regarded films including natural born killers, apt pupil, permanent midnight, and from hell.	murphy formed jd productions with jane hamsher, and they produced a string of films including natural born killers, apt pupil, permanent midnight, and from hell.
the crowd understandably had little patience with this tactic, and began to boo morrison as the fight progressed.	the crowd had little patience with this tactic, and began to boo morrison as the fight progressed.
naomi sims (born march 30, 1949) is an american supermodel and businesswoman.	naomi sims (born march 30, 1949) is an american model and businesswoman.
it was the largest seizure of enemy -held territory to date in the burma campaign.	it was the largest seizure of japanese -held territory to date in the burma campaign.
though cayce considered himself a devout christian and lived before the emergence of the new age movement, some believe he was the founder of the heresy and influenced its teachings.	though cayce considered himself a devout christian and lived before the emergence of the new age movement, some believe he was the founder of the movement and influenced its teachings.
luckily , the staff was able to negotiate a one month extension to end the series with 43 episodes.	however , the staff was able to negotiate a one month extension to end the series with 43 episodes.
grossman is a native of los angeles, california and a veteran diplomat and foreign policy scholar.	grossman is a native of los angeles, california and a diplomat and foreign policy scholar.
jared taylor is the cultivated, cosmopolitan face of white supremacy, said mark potok, editor of intelligence report, the magazine of the left-wing southern poverty law center.	jared taylor is the cultivated, cosmopolitan face of white supremacy, said mark potok, editor of intelligence report, the magazine of the liberal southern poverty law center.
under khomeini's rule, sharia (islamic law) was introduced, with the islamic modest dress code enforced for both men and women.	under khomeini's rule, sharia (islamic law) was introduced, with the islamic dress code enforced for both men and women.
although jackson advocated humanely civilizing indian tribes, without malice, his indian policy was laced with ethnocentrism and paternalism.	although jackson advocated humanely removing indian tribes, without malice, his indian policy was laced with ethnocentrism and paternalism.
in argentina, the brand was acquired by gularo s.a., a leading manufacturer of mp3 players, dvds, phones, gps, mp4s, televisions and speakers.	in argentina, the brand was acquired by gularo s.a., a manufacturer of mp3 players, dvds, phones, gps, mp4s, televisions and speakers.
on april 17, 2004, rantissi was murdered by the israeli defense forces, via missiles that were fired at his car.	on april 17, 2004, rantissi was killed by the israeli defense forces, via missiles that were fired at his car.
adam and eve, according to the creation myth of abrahamic religions, were the first man and woman.	adam and eve, according to the creation story of abrahamic religions, were the first man and woman.
coke zero's launch advertising in australia has been the subject of consumer backlash - primarily for being misleading and their television campaign was panned by reactionary media commentators & the high rating social commentator show - channel seven's sunrise - for encouraging illegal behaviour (bus surfing).	coke zero's launch advertising in australia has been the subject of consumer backlash - primarily for being misleading and their television campaign was panned by media commentators & the high rating social commentator show - channel seven's sunrise - for encouraging illegal behaviour (bus surfing).
after a string of poor results, including losing twice to bitter rivals aston villa, the season that promised so much ended in relegation.	after a string of poor results, including losing twice to local rivals aston villa, the season that promised so much ended in relegation.
the lawrenceville school is a prestigious coeducational, independent preparatory boarding school for grades 9-12 located on in the historic community of lawrenceville, in lawrence township, new jersey, u.s. five miles (8 km) southwest of princeton.	the lawrenceville school is a coeducational, independent preparatory boarding school for grades 9-12 located on in the historic community of lawrenceville, in lawrence township, new jersey, u.s. five miles (8 km) southwest of princeton.
"jack sparrow's unforgettable ""undead monkey"" test."	"jack sparrow's ""undead monkey"" test."
the resulting treaty of portsmouth gave generous economic and diplomatic concessions to japan, especially in manchuria, and was considered by observers to indicate japanese victory in the war and official recognition of japan as a true world power.	the resulting treaty of portsmouth gave generous economic and diplomatic concessions to japan, especially in manchuria, and was considered by observers to indicate japanese victory in the war and official recognition of japan as a world power.
dunedin flights were scrapped from 12th jan 2005	dunedin flights were discontinued from 12th jan 2005
a confirmation conferred on mere children has become common in the roman catholic church and is almost universal in the eastern churches.	a confirmation conferred on young children has become common in the roman catholic church and is almost universal in the eastern churches.
the campaign is a response to what williams has termed a broken promise by authoritarian conservative prime minister stephen harper regarding equalization payments to the province.	the campaign is a response to what williams has termed a broken promise by conservative prime minister stephen harper regarding equalization payments to the province.
shirley phelps-roper, radical activist	shirley phelps-roper, activist
the guardian league table has a peculiar feature of ranking quite highly courses given by departments that have recently closed down.	the guardian league table has a peculiar habit of ranking quite highly courses given by departments that have recently closed down.
unfortunately , eden district council appears to be against the reopening plan and are allowing development at flusco business park to straddle the trackbed.	however , eden district council appears to be against the reopening plan and are allowing development at flusco business park to straddle the trackbed.
tonegawa was born in nagoya, japan and attended the prestigious hibiya high school in tokyo .	tonegawa was born in nagoya, japan and attended the hibiya high school in tokyo .
"besides the well known west end performance, howard w. blake high school performed this show as part of its 2005-2006 season and won recognition for its astounding performance where it was selected as one of few plays from high schools in florida to perform at ""mainstage"" for the international thespian society."	"besides the well known west end performance, howard w. blake high school performed this show as part of its 2005-2006 season and won recognition for its performance where it was selected as one of few plays from high schools in florida to perform at ""mainstage"" for the international thespian society."
following on that sad success 334 b-29s raided on the night of march 9-10, dropping around 1,700 tons of bombs.	following on that success 334 b-29s raided on the night of march 9-10, dropping around 1,700 tons of bombs.
"the name of the mormon settlement ""adam-ondi-ahman"" in daviess county, missouri, us, is supposedly in the adamic language."	"the name of the mormon settlement ""adam-ondi-ahman"" in daviess county, missouri, us, is said to be in the adamic language."
she also had impersonated many popular celebrities.	she also had impersonated many notable celebrities.
benson played the part of larry rigg in granada's ill-fated market soap, albion market from 1985 to 1986.	benson played the part of larry rigg in granada's short lived market soap, albion market from 1985 to 1986.
"obama's choice of words were considered unfortunate, as they evoked the radical populist ""share our wealth"" movement of huey long."	"obama's choice of words were considered unfortunate, as they evoked the populist ""share our wealth"" movement of huey long."
born: kathy burke, english actress, comedienne , playwright and theatre director, in london	born: kathy burke, english actress, comedian , playwright and theatre director, in london
north korea has an arsenal of weapons of mass destruction, and claims to possess nuclear weapons.	north korea (otherwise known as dprk) is claimed to have an arsenal of weapons of mass destruction, and claims to possess nuclear weapons.
"the pointless bloodshed lasted beyond the german capitulation in the netherlands and denmark on may 5, 1945, and even beyond germany's general surrender on may 8, 1945. not until may 20, 1945 were newly arrived canadian troops able to pacify ""europes last battlefield."""	"the bloodshed lasted beyond the german capitulation in the netherlands and denmark on may 5, 1945, and even beyond germany's general surrender on may 8, 1945. not until may 20, 1945 were newly arrived canadian troops able to pacify ""europes last battlefield."""
"lee morse (1927) ( comedienne , with piano and guitar, recorded march 16, 1927; released by columbia records as catalog number 974-d, with the flip side ""my idea of heaven"")"	"lee morse (1927) ( comedian , with piano and guitar, recorded march 16, 1927; released by columbia records as catalog number 974-d, with the flip side ""my idea of heaven"")"
the biggest so far is the indiegogo campaign which collects money to give dr taylor and everyone from his team a bottle of whiskey with a custom label saying their name and contributions, and an astronomical watch for dr taylor to make up for the abuse he was subjected to.	the biggest so far is the indiegogo campaign which collects money to give dr taylor and everyone from his team a bottle of whiskey with a custom label saying their name and contributions, and an astronomical watch for dr taylor to make up for the backlash he was subjected to.
"the authors of the faq place themselves in the ""social anarchism"" camp, noting they reflect the majority anarchist position (both currently and historically )."	"the authors of the faq place themselves in the ""social anarchism"" camp, claiming they they reflect the majority anarchist position (both currently and historically )."
on may 16, 2018, the day of scheduling the series for fall 2018, nielsen was announced to have left the series for unknown reasons.	on may 16, 2018, the day of scheduling the series for fall 2018, nielsen was announced to have left the series for undisclosed reasons.
he has recently guest-starred on the popular comedy-drama ugly betty as celebrity-trasher quincy combs.	he has recently guest-starred on the comedy-drama ugly betty as celebrity-trasher quincy combs.
on 27th may 2009, sky sports news reported that ashley was in talks with a potential buyer for the club following the disastrous relegation to the championship.	on 27th may 2009, sky sports news reported that ashley was in talks with a potential buyer for the club following the relegation to the championship.
"because of the controversy, organizers of the protests cynically encouraged protesters to leave their mexican flags at home, with cardinal roger mahony telling los angeles protesters to not fly any flag other than the united states flag because, ""...they do not help us get the legislation we need."""	"because of the controversy, organizers of the protests encouraged protesters to leave their mexican flags at home, with cardinal roger mahony telling los angeles protesters to not fly any flag other than the united states flag because, ""...they do not help us get the legislation we need."""
as the united states had no jurisdiction over the company due to their location in the united kingdom, they announced that they had absolutely no intention of paying.	as the united states had no jurisdiction over the company due to their location in the united kingdom, they announced that they had no intention of paying.
some cope assertively with the problem by taking prescription allergy medicine, along with bathing their cats frequently (weekly bathing will eliminate about 90% of the cat dander present in the environment).	some cope with the problem by taking prescription allergy medicine, along with bathing their cats frequently (weekly bathing will eliminate about 90% of the cat dander present in the environment).
the battle of mogadishu led to a profound shift in american foreign policy, as the clinton administration became increasingly reluctant to use military intervention in third world conflicts, (such as failing to halt the machete-hacking deaths of an estimated 1,000,000 civilians by hutu militia groups in rwanda in 1994), and affected america's actions in the balkans during the later half of the 1990s.	the battle of mogadishu led to a profound shift in american foreign policy, as the clinton administration became increasingly reluctant to use military intervention in third world conflicts, (such as failing to halt the deaths of an estimated 1,000,000 civilians by hutu militia groups in rwanda in 1994), and affected america's actions in the balkans during the later half of the 1990s.
pink news is an official supporter of the coalition for equal marriage (c4em) petition .	pink news is an official supporter of the coalition for equal marriage (c4em) , counter-organization to the coalition for marriage .
in 1991 she filmed a promising pilot for a steve vizard/artist services comedy called turn it up (aka radio waves).	in 1991 she filmed a pilot for a steve vizard/artist services comedy called turn it up (aka radio waves).
controversial privatisation in 1994, when harrison was 15 years old.	privatisation in 1994, when harrison was 15 years old.
by 1600, porto bello had replaced nombre de dios (where pirate sir francis drake had first attacked a spanish settlement) as the isthmus of panamas caribbean port for the spanish silver train and the annual treasure fleet.	by 1600, porto bello had replaced nombre de dios (where sir francis drake had first attacked a spanish settlement) as the isthmus of panamas caribbean port for the spanish silver train and the annual treasure fleet.
unfortunately , he ran out of gas, allowing matt kenseth to win.	however , he ran out of gas, allowing matt kenseth to win.
brian hugh warner (born january 5, 1969), better known by his stage name marilyn manson, is an american musician as well as an artist, known for his outrageous stage persona and image as the lead singer of the eponymous band.	brian hugh warner (born january 5, 1969), better known by his stage name marilyn manson, is an american musician as well as an artist, known for his controversial stage persona and image as the lead singer of the eponymous band.
cromwell is a controversial figure in english history — a regicidal dictator to some historians (such as david hume and christopher hill) and a hero of liberty to others (such as thomas carlyle and samuel rawson gardiner.)	cromwell is perhaps the most controversial figure in english history — a regicidal dictator to some historians (such as david hume and christopher hill) and a hero of liberty to others (such as thomas carlyle and samuel rawson gardiner.)
during the 2018 winter olympics, she and jessie diggins became the first american cross-country skiers to capture a gold medal by winning the women's team sprint at the alpensia cross-country centre in pyeongchang, south korea.	during the 2018 winter olympics, she and jessie diggins became the first american cross-country skiers to win a gold medal by winning the women's team sprint at the alpensia cross-country centre in pyeongchang, south korea.
his father was involved in a motorcycle accident, and the family moved to a farm in kenya because of the better climate.	his father was involved in a motorcycle accident, and the family moved to a farm in kenya because of the warmer climate.
many find the controversy around ratzinger's statements puzzling as his views tended to be very close to the views of pope john paul ii who has not been subject to attacks on the same scale as ratzinger.	many find the controversy around ratzinger's statements puzzling as his views tended to be very close to the views of pope john paul ii who has not been subject to criticisms on the same scale as ratzinger.
in 1917, britain drafted the balfour declaration, becoming the first great power to support zionist demands for a 'jewish national home' in palestine.	in 1917, britain drafted the balfour declaration, becoming the first great power to support zionist calls for a 'jewish national home' in palestine.
the institution, which celebrates its 80th anniversary in 2007, aspires to provide a torah education combined with an excellent secular education to both boys and girls.	the institution, which celebrates its 80th anniversary in 2007, aspires to provide a torah education combined with an secular education to both boys and girls.
digest group publications also produced a number of top-quality megatraveller supplements, including alien modules detailing the aslan, vargr, vilani and solomani for megatraveller and the world builder's handbook, which expanded greatly on the world-building system found in the main rulebooks.	digest group publications also produced a number of megatraveller supplements, including alien modules detailing the aslan, vargr, vilani and solomani for megatraveller and the world builder's handbook, which expanded greatly on the world-building system found in the main rulebooks.
notts county ladies were created in 2014 when lincoln ladies were controversially relocated from lincoln to nottingham and rebranded.	notts county ladies were created in 2014 when lincoln ladies were relocated from lincoln to nottingham and rebranded.
chinook jargon, a pidgin hybrid of chinookan, nootka, chehalis, french and english	chinook jargon, a hybrid of chinookan, nootka, chehalis, french and english
in 1975, fischer refused to defend his title when an agreement could not be reached with fide, the game's international governing body, over the conditions for the match.	in 1975, fischer refused to defend his title when an agreement could not be reached with fide, the game's international governing body, over the tie-clause condition for the match.
he was the son of a danish immigrant father and a talented mother who influenced his interest in the arts.	he was the son of a danish immigrant father and a mother who influenced his interest in the arts.
unfortunately , the note included his name, and the teller took it seriously and triggered a silent alarm.	however , the note included his name, and the teller took it seriously and triggered a silent alarm.
she is the daughter of the famous turkish cypriot actress feri cansel.	she is the daughter of the turkish cypriot actress feri cansel.
facing bob barker's popular truth or consequences on nbc and local programming on abc (who had not programmed at 11:30 in three years), within six months dotto became the highest-rated quiz program of the year and narz achieved a popularity equal to that of hal march on the $64,000 question.	facing bob barker's truth or consequences on nbc and local programming on abc (who had not programmed at 11:30 in three years), within six months dotto became the highest-rated quiz program of the year and narz achieved a popularity equal to that of hal march on the $64,000 question.
today, jerusalem remains a bone of contention in the israeli-palestinian conflict: israel's occupation of east jerusalem (captured in the 1967 six-day war) has been particularly controversial.	today, jerusalem remains a bone of contention in the israeli-palestinian conflict: israel's annexation of east jerusalem (captured in the 1967 six-day war) has been particularly controversial.
shortly before he left, johns had the unpleasant duty of removing t.e.	shortly before he left, johns had the duty of removing t.e.
in 1982, he won the prestigious prix du livre vaudois.	in 1982, he won the prix du livre vaudois.
another charming trail lead to the lake from the fairytale land of sulatanr which is also located in the northern tip of roringar matta, swat.	another trail lead to the lake from the fairytale land of sulatanr which is also located in the northern tip of roringar matta, swat.
note: sherbet is often mispronounced as sherbert.	note: sherbet is often pronounced as sherbert.
perranporth is a village on the north coast of cornwall, uk , six miles south-west of newquay.	perranporth is a village on the north coast of cornwall, england , six miles south-west of newquay.
and differs from moderate atheism because the it holds religion to be pernicious .	and differs from moderate atheism because the it holds religion to be harmful .
the bokeh produced by this lens is creamy smooth at its closest focusing distance.	the bokeh produced by this lens is smooth at its closest focusing distance.
"they were supported in their protest by politicians such as the then president vclav havel and by czech celebrities, but every time they tried to air their news broadcasts, jana bobokov and ji hoda would jam the transmission either with a ""technical fault"" screen reading: ""an unauthorized signal has entered this transmitter."	"they were supported in their protest by politicians such as the then president vclav havel and by czech celebrities, but every time they tried to air their news broadcasts, jana bobokov and ji hoda would interrupt the transmission either with a ""technical fault"" screen reading: ""an unauthorized signal has entered this transmitter."
an annoying quirk is that the numbers actually start at 100 for addresses on avenues and 0 for addresses on streets.	an interesting quirk is that the numbers actually start at 100 for addresses on avenues and 0 for addresses on streets.
god created the integers: the mathematical breakthroughs that changed history is an anthology of english translations of important works in the history of mathematics, edited by stephen hawking.	god created the integers: the mathematical breakthroughs that changed history is an anthology of english translations of works in the history of mathematics, edited by stephen hawking.
they showed promising signs in the scottish cup, beating arbroath 6-0, rangers 3-0 and falkirk 5-1, but they were thrashed 0-4 by rivals hearts in the semi-finals.	they showed promising signs in the scottish cup, beating arbroath 6-0, rangers 3-0 and falkirk 5-1, but they were defeated 0-4 by rivals hearts in the semi-finals.
frustrated and disaffected, arnold turned to treason .	frustrated and disaffected, arnold turned to changes sides .
byrne could resign here, but gamely plays on until checkmate.	byrne could resign here, but plays on until checkmate.
fighting began on april 24, 1846 when mexican cavalry captured one of the invading american detachments near the rio grande.	fighting began on april 24, 1846 when mexican cavalry captured one of the american detachments near the rio grande.
in honor of rabbi menachem mendel schneerson's nonstop efforts for education and sharing.	in honor of rabbi menachem mendel schneerson's efforts for education and sharing.
conflicts sometimes described as wars of national liberation:	conflicts which have been described as wars of national liberation:
while ayatollah montazeri has rightly been celebrated as a champion of the rights of political prisoners, and human rights associated with the public sphere, in an interview conducted in 2003 in qom with the iranian feminist academic golbarg bashi he said that while men and women enjoy the same dignity and respect in the eyes of god, women's rights must remain strictly under the domain of shi'i fiqh rather than international human rights conventions such as cedaw.	while ayatollah montazeri has been celebrated as a champion of the rights of political prisoners, and human rights associated with the public sphere, in an interview conducted in 2003 in qom with the iranian feminist academic golbarg bashi he said that while men and women enjoy the same dignity and respect in the eyes of god, women's rights must remain strictly under the domain of shi'i fiqh rather than international human rights conventions such as cedaw.
clinton's interest in ufos is confirmed in a book by webster hubbell titled friends in high places.	clinton's interest in ufos is explored in a book by webster hubbell titled friends in high places.
cecily margot lefort (april 30, 1900 – february, 1945) was a heroine of world war ii.	cecily margot lefort (april 30, 1900 – february, 1945) was a figure of world war ii.
he also memorably starred as attorney denny crane in the television dramas the practice (2004) and its spin-off boston legal (200408), for which he won two emmy awards and a golden globe award.	he also starred as attorney denny crane in the television dramas the practice (2004) and its spin-off boston legal (200408), for which he won two emmy awards and a golden globe award.
death and justice for kirsty	death and justice for maccoll
as of july 2, 2018, the us still maintains a limited military presence of 5,000 troops stationed in iraq with the task of helping train and assist iraqi forces.	as of july 2, 2018, the us still maintains a military presence of 5,000 troops stationed in iraq with the task of helping train and assist iraqi forces.
comedienne alex borstein was also a staff writer, years before her fame on madtv and family guy.	comedian alex borstein was also a staff writer, years before her fame on madtv and family guy.
"in 2001, a new york times report declared that there was ""growing consensus that hiss, indeed, had most likely been a soviet agent""."	"in 2001, a new york times report stated that there was ""growing consensus that hiss, indeed, had most likely been a soviet agent""."
cross continues to perform stand-up, in which he blends left-wing political commentary and satire.	cross continues to perform stand-up, in which he blends political commentary and satire.
justice rehnquist, in his dissent, was concerned with the chilling effect that this decision would have on speech.	justice rehnquist, in his dissent, was concerned with the effect that this decision would have on speech.
different arabic dialects in the arab world	different arabic varieties in the arab world
angkor wat (or angkor vat) (khmer: ), is a hindu temple at angkor, cambodia, built for king suryavarman ii in the early 12th century as his state temple and capital city.	angkor wat (or angkor vat) (khmer: ), is a temple at angkor, cambodia, built for king suryavarman ii in the early 12th century as his state temple and capital city.
in the united states, several studies since 1987 have shown that one in four college women have survived rape or attempted rape at some point in their lifetime.	in the united states, several studies since 1987 have shown that one in four college women have experienced rape or attempted rape at some point in their lifetime.
zeg 'ns aaa was one of the longest running and surpisingly popular dutch sitcoms, situated in the medical practice of a female general practitioner and revolves around herself, her family and her housekeeper.	zeg 'ns aaa was one of the longest running and popular dutch sitcoms, situated in the medical practice of a female general practitioner and revolves around herself, her family and her housekeeper.
turkish vans are fabulously intelligent, and will easily take over their home and owners.	turkish vans are very intelligent, and will easily take over their home and owners.
from the top of the huge rocky promontory known as al shir, the visitor enjoys a breathtaking view of the surrounding localities scattered in the midst of a fertile plain and protected by mountains.	from the top of the huge rocky promontory known as al shir, the visitor enjoys a panoramic view of the surrounding localities scattered in the midst of a fertile plain and protected by mountains.
higher-quality items are now made at the home of parent company waterford wedgwood in barlaston, in the countryside south of the potteries conurbation.	some items are now made at the home of parent company waterford wedgwood in barlaston, in the countryside south of the potteries conurbation.
the pentagon has since admitted five incidents of us personnel mishandling or mistreating the book.	the pentagon has since confirmed five incidents of us personnel mishandling or mistreating the book.
fsa and allied islamist groups captured al-ra'i from isis on april 8. the capture of the town secured an important supply line for the rebels from turkey near whose border the town is located.	fsa and allied groups captured al-ra'i from isis on april 8. the capture of the town secured an important supply line for the rebels from turkey near whose border the town is located.
"the ona claim that our current western civilization has a faustian ethos and that it has recently undergone its time of troubles, with its final stage, an ""imperium"" of militaristic governance, due to commence at some point in 1990–2011 and last until 2390. this will be followed by a period of chaos from which will be established a sixth aeon, the aeon of fire, which will be represented by the galactic civilization in which aryan society shall colonize the milky way galaxy."	"the ona claim that current western civilization has a faustian ethos and that it has recently undergone its time of troubles, with its final stage, an ""imperium"" of militaristic governance, due to commence at some point in 1990–2011 and last until 2390. this will be followed by a period of chaos from which will be established a sixth aeon, the aeon of fire, which will be represented by the galactic civilization in which aryan society shall colonize the milky way galaxy."
the superiority of the prussian and german forces was soon evident, due in part to efficient use of railways and impressively superior krupp steel artillery.	the superiority of the prussian and german forces was soon evident, due in part to efficient use of railways and superior krupp steel artillery.
shift to leadership by the us during the 20th century (though some expansions continued to flow from europe); the south and the far east as centres of piracy .	shift to leadership by the us during the 20th century (though some expansions continued to flow from europe); the south and the far east as centres of copyright breaking .
it is well known for the ornate design of many of its stations, which contain beautiful examples of socialist realist art.	it is well known for the ornate design of many of its stations, which contain outstanding examples of socialist realist art.
it is so-named because of the instrument's rather high and piercing sound.	it is so-named because of the instrument's rather high and reedy sound.
profoundly inspired by mahatma gandhi, he visited the gandhi family in india in 1959, with assistance from the quaker group, the american friends service committee (afsp) and the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp).	inspired by mahatma gandhi, he visited the gandhi family in india in 1959, with assistance from the quaker group, the american friends service committee (afsp) and the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp).
in 2014, during the long-time military conflict between ukraine government troops and pro-russian freedom fighters, the savur-mohyla height was captured by the local pro-russian freedom fighters.	in 2014, during the long-time military conflict between ukraine government troops and pro-russian fighters, the savur-mohyla height was captured by the local pro-russian freedom fighters.
documentation software such as the microsoft office suite allows for hypertext links to other content within the same file, other external files, and url links to files on external file servers.	documentation software such as the microsoft office suite and libreoffice allow for hypertext links to other content within the same file, other external files, and url links to files on external file servers.
charleston's routing mess	charleston's routing troubles
numerous farming encyclopaedias, with surprisingly great precision and details, were produced.	numerous farming encyclopaedias, with great precision and details, were produced.
in 2010, the american third position party was founded, in part, to channel the right-wing populist resentment engendered by the financial crisis of 20072010 and the liberal policies of the obama administration.	in 2010, the american third position party was founded, in part, to channel the right-wing populist resentment engendered by the financial crisis of 20072010 and the policies of the obama administration.
the romance language population has peacefully assimilated through the ages into the croats , and the ragusan dalmatian became extinct.	the romance language population has peacefully assimilated through the ages into the slavs , and the ragusan dalmatian became extinct.
in january 2008, it was revealed that the harper government, months earlier, quietly ceased the detainee transfers after an internal investigation revealed the torture allegations to be credible.	in january 2008, it was revealed that the harper government, months earlier, quietly ceased the detainee transfers after an internal investigation revealed the allegations to be credible.
in the 1940s and 1950s, reports began to emerge about the abuse of benzedrine inhalers, and in 1949, doctors began to move away from prescribing benzedrine as a bronchodilator and appetite suppressant.	in the 1940s and 1950s, reports began to emerge about the recreational use of benzedrine inhalers, and in 1949, doctors began to move away from prescribing benzedrine as a bronchodilator and appetite suppressant.
mariah carey (born march 27 1970) is an american pop icon and r&b singer-songwriter, record producer, and occasional actress.	mariah carey (born march 27 1970) is an american pop and r&b singer-songwriter, record producer, and occasional actress.
the 2009 stock (formerly known as 2005 tube stock), often referred as 09ts, is a type of london underground train currently under construction by bombardier transportation for the victoria line, to replace the ageing 1967 tube stock.	the 2009 stock (formerly known as 2005 tube stock), often referred as 09ts, is a type of london underground train currently under construction by bombardier transportation for the victoria line, to replace the 1967 tube stock.
the copies were provided by british reporter michael smith, who claims he destroyed the original documents to protect the sources.	the copies were provided by british reporter michael smith, who says he destroyed the original documents to protect the sources.
the convicted bomber tim anderson, who was released in 1991, claimed the confession rogerson extracted was fabricated, and that he and other members of the ananda marga sect were convicted because rogerson falsified statements.	the convicted bomber tim anderson, who was released in 1991, claimed the confession rogerson extracted was fabricated, and that he and other members of the ananda marga organisation were convicted because rogerson falsified statements.
at this ruair brdaigh led a small walkout, just as he and sean mac stiofain had done sixteen years earlier with the creation of provisional sinn fin.	at this ruair brdaigh led a walkout, just as he and sean mac stiofain had done sixteen years earlier with the creation of provisional sinn fin.
this policy has been blamed for the poor election result for the ndp in 2013. the ndp had been seen as the heavy favourites, until shortly after they clarified their negative pipeline policy.	this policy has been blamed for the poor election result for the ndp in 2013. the ndp had been seen as the heavy favourites, until shortly after they clarified their pipeline policy.
chris janson, major country singer	chris janson , country singer
"mcmansions are large, even too large for their sites, but are built of the same wood-framed post-and-beam construction as unpretentious tract houses, framed in with exterior-grade plywood, which is then covered with power-applied stucco texture, shingling, or pre-assembled panels of clapboard siding with wallboard for the interior ""plastering."""	"mcmansions are large, even too large for their sites, but are built of the same wood-framed post-and-beam construction as tract houses, framed in with exterior-grade plywood, which is then covered with power-applied stucco texture, shingling, or pre-assembled panels of clapboard siding with wallboard for the interior ""plastering."""
the national alliance also claimed that israeli jews were advised not to report to work at the world trade center that day.	the national alliance also propagated the myth that israeli jews were advised not to report to work at the world trade center that day.
he had two sons who also were outstanding pole vaulters; one, brandon, held the national high school record.	he had two sons who also were skilled pole vaulters; one, brandon, held the national high school record.
"the bektashis, particularly, have many practices that are especially antinomian in the context of islam, such as the consumption of alcohol , the non-wearing of the ijb (""veil"") by women, and gathering in the cemevi in preference to the mosque."	"the bektashis, particularly, have many practices that are especially antinomian in the context of islam, such as the consumption of alcoholic beverage s , the non-wearing of the ijb (""veil"") by women, and gathering in the cemevi in preference to the mosque."
a&m dropped griffin's contract after silver bell, but fortunately she was picked up by dave matthews' ato records.	a&m dropped griffin's contract after silver bell, but she was picked up by dave matthews' ato records.
while calling it less than a perfect agreement, he believes that the united states needs to negotiate with iran rather than enter in yet another war in the middle east.	while calling it less than a perfect agreement, he believes that the united states needs to negotiate with iran rather than enter in another war in the middle east.
in the past, comcast has taken a somewhat mixed position in that that they consider neutral networks desirable, but think regulation is a mistake.	in the past, comcast has taken a somewhat mixed position in that they consider neutral networks desirable, but think regulation is a mistake.
in neutral but friendly spain for example, the abwehr had both an ast and a ko while ireland had neither.	in neutral but friendly spain for example, the had both an ast and a ko while ireland had neither.
the company has been criticised not just by advocates of a switch to the so-called open-access publication model, but also by universities whose library budgets make it difficult for them to afford current journal prices.	the company has been criticised not just by advocates of a switch to the open-access publication model, but also by universities whose library budgets make it difficult for them to afford current journal prices.
mearns opposes renewing trident nuclear weapons system, is a supporter of palestine and hugo chavez, and has appealed for visitation rights for the wives of the miami five mearns is also a supporter of equal marriage .	mearns opposes renewing trident nuclear weapons system, is a supporter of palestine and hugo chavez, and has appealed for visitation rights for the wives of the miami five mearns is also a supporter of same sex marriage.
the old town is set in a lovely valley where the town has expanded to become what it is now.	the old town is set in a valley where the town has expanded to become what it is now.
in the context of the war on terrorism, the united states is known to be unconstitutionally holding prisoners of war for interrogation, outside of the legal process required within established united states legal jurisdiction.	in the context of the war on terrorism, the united states is known to be holding prisoners of war for interrogation, outside of the legal process required within established united states legal jurisdiction.
many of the flaws that some hold up as an example of the acclaimed hypocrisy of the daily show, including the interview with john kerry, were addressed directly by jon stewart during his appearance on crossfire.	many of the flaws that some hold up as an example of the hypocrisy of the daily show, including the interview with john kerry, were addressed directly by jon stewart during his appearance on crossfire.
the cut is sometimes mistakenly sold as skirt steak.	the cut is sometimes inaccurately sold as skirt steak.
it attempts to offer a competitive education while offering a christian lifestyle with campus life.	it aims to offer a competitive education while offering a christian lifestyle with campus life.
valerie was photographed as a model for a lovely pictorial layout in the may 1972 issue of playboy magazine, and she appeared on the cover of this magazine in august 1981.	valerie was photographed as a model for a pictorial layout in the may 1972 issue of playboy magazine, and she appeared on the cover of this magazine in august 1981.
blood libels are false accusations, that jews use human blood in certain of their religious rituals and magical rites.	blood libels are accusations, that jews use human blood in certain of their religious rituals and magical rites.
the united states differs from other countries in that a significant fraction of its population may not yet be familiar with the 24-hour time notation.	the united states differs from other countries in that a significant fraction of its population may not be familiar with the 24-hour time notation.
hydraulics is an exciting science and engineering subject dealing with the mechanical properties of liquids.	hydraulics is an science and engineering subject dealing with the mechanical properties of liquids.
coming off their second nba championship, the retirement of david robinson left a void in san antonio's daunting defense, while playoff hero steve kerr and veteran forward danny ferry also sailed off into the sunset.	coming off their second nba championship, the retirement of david robinson left a void in san antonio's defense, while playoff hero steve kerr and veteran forward danny ferry also sailed off into the sunset.
sadly the race came to an end following the closure of walthamstow in 2007.	the race came to an end following the closure of walthamstow in 2007.
delhi settled comedienne , vasu ritu primlani has been accused by thimmakka of misusing her name.	delhi settled comedian , vasu ritu primlani has been accused by thimmakka of misusing her name.
another strong argument against relativism is that of natural law.	another argument against relativism is that of natural law .
bush does not accept flood geology, a young earth creationist belief that the flood described in genesis 6-8 was an actual event that produced most fossil bearing geological strata; rather he believes the earth to be about 100,000 years old, older than the 6,000 to 10,000 years that young earth creationists believe it to be but much younger than its actual age of 4.54 billion years.	bush does not accept flood geology, a young earth creationist belief that the flood described in genesis 6-8 was an actual event that produced most fossil bearing geological strata; rather he believes the earth to be about 100,000 years old, older than the 6,000 to 10,000 years that young earth creationists believe it to be but much younger than its scientific age of 4.54 billion years.
he was a popular and affable man.	he has been described as a popular and affable man.
the sacred undergarments are viewed as a symbolic reminder of the sacred temple ceremonies, and is viewed as an either symbolic or literal source of protection from the evils of the outside world.	the undergarments are viewed as a symbolic reminder of the sacred temple ceremonies, and is viewed as an either symbolic or literal source of protection from the evils of the outside world.
according to holocaust scholar lucy dawidowicz, the term 'jewish question' as introduced in western europe was a neutral verbiage for the negative attitude towards the apparent and persistent singularity of the jews as a people on the background of the rising political nationalisms and new nation-states.	according to holocaust scholar lucy dawidowicz, the term 'jewish question' as introduced in western europe was a neutral expression for the negative attitude towards the apparent and persistent singularity of the jews as a people on the background of the rising political nationalisms and new nation-states.
and its peculiar answer-and-question format.	and its unusual answer-and-question format.
a large united states naval air station, the first in the united states, is located southwest of pensacola (near the community of warrington) and is home to the blue angels flight demonstration team and the national museum of naval aviation.	a united states naval air station, the first in the united states, is located southwest of pensacola (near the community of warrington) and is home to the blue angels flight demonstration team and the national museum of naval aviation.
excerpts from the letter were published in the chronicle on november 12, including the zodiac's wild claim ; that same day, don fouke wrote a memo explaining what had happened that night.	excerpts from the letter were published in the chronicle on november 12, including the zodiac's claim ; that same day, don fouke wrote a memo explaining what had happened that night.
wcs also has talented high school and middle school bands which play regularly.	wcs also has high school and middle school bands which play regularly.
evans was wrongly convicted of rape in april 2012 and spent two and a half years in prison.	evans was convicted of rape in april 2012 and spent two and a half years in prison.
this happened on 31 august, 1869, and may sadly make her the earliest motor vehicle accident victim.	this happened on 31 august, 1869, and may make her the earliest motor vehicle accident victim.
poles who had fought alongside britainthroughout the war felt betrayed .	poles who had fought alongside britain throughout the war felt betrayed.
possible relationship with zoroastrianism through judaism	possible relationship with zoroastrianism through the old testament
hadley was embarrassed by his behaviour and offered an apology.	hadley claimed to be embarrassed by his behaviour and offered an apology.
mr. teddy bear is the first episode of the second series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	mr. teddy bear is the first episode of the second series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
haji mohammad nizar jamaluddin (born 17 march 1957) is the ousted menteri besar (mb) of the malaysian state of perak, a post equivalent to a chief minister and member of malaysian parliament for bukit gantang.	haji mohammad nizar jamaluddin (born 17 march 1957) is the former menteri besar (mb) of the malaysian state of perak, a post equivalent to a chief minister and member of malaysian parliament for bukit gantang.
david cullen bain (born 27 march 1972) is a new zealander who was wrongfully convicted in may 1995 of the murders of his parents and three siblings in dunedin on 20 june 1994. he spent over 13 years in prison before being acquitted on all charges after a retrial.	david cullen bain (born 27 march 1972) is a new zealander who was convicted in may 1995 of the murders of his parents and three siblings in dunedin on 20 june 1994. he spent over 13 years in prison before being acquitted on all charges after a retrial.
"since 1993, the roc has repeatedly petitioned to rejoin the un as the representative of the people of taiwan only, instead of all of china, using the designation ""republic of china on taiwan"", ""republic of china (taiwan)"", or just ""taiwan""."	"since 1993, the roc has repeatedly petitioned to rejoin the un as the representative of the people of taiwan only, instead of as the representative of china, using the designation ""republic of china on taiwan"", ""republic of china (taiwan)"", or just ""taiwan""."
markov found parallels between the film and the conspiracy theory that the united states and/or israel organized the 9/11 attacks to justify military actions.	markov found parallels between the film and the theory that the united states and/or israel organized the 9/11 attacks to justify military actions.
iran is a signatory state of the npt and has recently as of 2006 resumed development of its uranium enrichment programme, ostensibly for its civilian nuclear energy programme, as it is entitled to do under the terms of the npt.	iran is a signatory state of the npt and has recently as of 2006 resumed development of its uranium enrichment programme, for its civilian nuclear energy programme, as it is entitled to do under the terms of the npt.
{{db-meta|it is a page created primarily to disparage its subject or a biography of a living person that is negative in tone and unsourced, where there is no npov version in the history to revert to.	{{db-meta|it is a page created primarily to disparage its subject or a biography of a living person that is negative in tone and unsourced, where there is no neutral point of view version in the history to revert to.
the area now occupied by west hatch was previously the western gate (or hatch as it would have been known) into epping forest; it is from these roots that the school proudly derives its name.	the area now occupied by west hatch was previously the western gate (or hatch as it would have been known) into epping forest; it is from these roots that the school derives its name.
the presence of paparazzi is not always seen as annoying ; the arranger of an event may, in order to make the guests feel important, hire a number of actors who pretend they are paparazzi (so-called faux-paparazzi).	the presence of paparazzi is not always seen as vexatious ; the arranger of an event may, in order to make the guests feel important, hire a number of actors who pretend they are paparazzi (so-called faux-paparazzi).
through frster-nietzsche's editions, nietzsche's name became associated with german militarism and nazism, although later twentieth-century scholars have counteracted this misconception of his ideas.	through frster-nietzsche's editions, nietzsche's name became associated with german militarism and nazism, although later twentieth-century scholars have counteracted this conception of his ideas.
the national democrats (nationaldemokraterna, nd) is a minuscule political party in sweden, formed by a faction of the sweden democrats in october 2001. the party describes itself as a democratic nationalist and ethnopluralist party.	the national democrats (nationaldemokraterna, nd) is a minor political party in sweden, formed by a faction of the sweden democrats in october 2001. the party describes itself as a democratic nationalist and ethnopluralist party.
this is not to be confused with a real neutral particle, a neutral particle that is also identical to its own antiparticle.	this is not to be confused with a truly neutral particle, a neutral particle that is also identical to its own antiparticle.
playboy also delivers softcore pornography through its television entity, spice network.	playboy also delivers pornography through its television entity, spice network.
the talmud unmasked is a collection of alleged quotes from the talmud, the zohar and other talmudic works demonstrating that:	the talmud unmasked is a collection of alleged quotes from the talmud, the zohar and other talmudic works purporting to demonstrate that:
he was the son of the noted stage actor dante testa.	he was the son of the stage actor dante testa.
unfortunately , 23 fuji bank employees died in the attack.	however , 23 fuji bank employees died in the attack.
those who refused citizenship were given permanent residency status.	those who declined citizenship were given permanent residency status.
a distant precursor (early 15th century) of the overwrought style can be found in the lombard charterhouse of pavia; yet the sculpture-encrusted facade still has the italianate appeal to rational narrative.	a distant precursor (early 15th century) of the highly elaborate style can be found in the lombard charterhouse of pavia; yet the sculpture-encrusted facade still has the italianate appeal to rational narrative.
conversely, peter bradshaw of the guardian awarded the film only one out of five stars.	conversely, peter bradshaw of the guardian awarded the film one out of five stars.
kentaro shiga, who was the 5th champion before the rechristening into a tag team championship, was still recognized as such (along with his tag team partner, kishin kawabata), even though it was vacated to be decided in a tournament, which they won.	kentaro shiga, who was the 5th champion before the reforming into a tag team championship, was still recognized as such (along with his tag team partner, kishin kawabata), even though it was vacated to be decided in a tournament, which they won.
through the prestigious clinical otology fellowships, about one hundred fully trained otologists have carried the house techniques around the world and to other clinical training programs.	through the clinical otology fellowships, about one hundred fully trained otologists have carried the house techniques around the world and to other clinical training programs.
turkana iv - site of a failed federation colony that fell into chaos and eventually severed ties to the federation.	turkana iv - site of a failed federation colony that fell into anarchy and eventually severed ties to the federation.
he is an authentic troubadour in the tradition of townes van zandt, bob dylan, leonard cohen, and dave carter, who delivers his craft with a quiet power, a level of complexity, and an underlying humanity that is truly rare in this age of sound bite marketeering.	he is an authentic troubadour in the tradition of townes van zandt , bob dylan , leonard cohen , and dave carter , who delivers his craft with a quiet power, a level of complexity, and an underlying humanity that is rare in this age of sound bite marketeering.
by 1949, the cpc had occupied most of the country.	by 1949, the cpc had established control over most of the country.
it connects the two and half novels of backstory nicely to this classic episode.	it connects the two and half novels of backstory to this classic episode.
there have been several instances in the history of the catholic church in westminster when its devoted followers were persecuted by english governments: most notably during the reign of queen elizabeth i (1558-1603) and during the mercifully shorter administration of the republican lord protector oliver cromwell (1653-1658).	there have been several instances in the history of the catholic church in westminster when its devoted followers were persecuted by english governments: most notably during the reign of queen elizabeth i (1558-1603) and during the shorter administration of the republican lord protector oliver cromwell (1653-1658).
"strings for musical instruments are imported from italy (""roman"	"strings for musical instruments are reputedly from italy (""roman"
in 1890, remington and his wife moved to posh new rochelle, new york in order to have both more living space and extensive studio facilities, and also with the hope of gaining more exercise.	in 1890, remington and his wife moved to new rochelle, new york in order to have both more living space and extensive studio facilities, and also with the hope of gaining more exercise.
brigitte bardot, a prominent head of a french animal rights organization which is named after her, launched a crusade during the 2002 fifa world cup to have dog meat outlawed in korea.	brigitte bardot, a prominent head of a french animal rights organization which is named after her, launched a campaign during the 2002 fifa world cup to have dog meat outlawed in korea.
young earth creationism (yec) is the religious belief that the universe, earth and all life on earth were created by direct acts of god during a relatively short period, between 5,700 and 10,000 years ago.	young earth creationism (yec) is the belief that the universe, earth and all life on earth were created by direct acts of god during a relatively short period, between 5,700 and 10,000 years ago.
it received both critical acclaim for its exploration of gay themes in christianity and condemnation for what many religious people view as blasphemy.	it received both critical acclaim for its exploration of gay themes in christianity and condemnation for what some religious people view as blasphemy.
in the human respiratory system, eupnea or eupnoea is normal, good, unlabored breathing, sometimes known as quiet breathing or resting respiratory rate.	in the mammalian respiratory system, eupnea or eupnoea is normal, good, unlabored breathing, sometimes known as quiet breathing or resting respiratory rate.
on july 29, 2006, the first saturday after its initial limited release, little miss sunshine earned a tremendous $20,335 per-theater average gross.	on july 29, 2006, the first saturday after its initial limited release, little miss sunshine earned a $20,335 per-theater average gross.
when in january 2005 a large group of leading rabbis from the national-religious (zionist) stream of orthodox judaism signed a declaration confirming that it is absolutely forbidden for jews to ascend on the temple mount until moshiach, the jewish messiah comes, the temple institute responded furiously.	when in january 2005 a large group of leading rabbis from the national-religious (zionist) stream of orthodox judaism signed a declaration holding that it is absolutely forbidden for jews to ascend on the temple mount until moshiach, the jewish messiah comes, the temple institute responded furiously.
alice burdeu (born january 27, 1988) is an australian top fashion model and winner of the third cycle of the reality television show australia's next top model.	alice burdeu (born january 27, 1988) is an australian fashion model and winner of the third cycle of the reality television show australia's next top model.
"american ""malaise,"" a term that caught on following carter's infamous 1979 ""malaise speech,"" in the late 1970s and early 1980s was not unfounded."	"american ""malaise,"" a term that caught on following carter's 1979 ""malaise speech,"" in the late 1970s and early 1980s was not unfounded."
however, both new hampshire and maine boast a significant republican electorate, with both states represented in the u.s. senate by two republicans each.	however, both new hampshire and maine have a significant republican electorate, with both states represented in the u.s. senate by two republicans each.
the rewritable aspect of the disks also opened up interesting possibilities; games such as the legend of zelda, metroid, and kid icarus were released to the fds with a save feature.	the rewritable aspect of the disks also opened up new possibilities; games such as the legend of zelda, metroid, and kid icarus were released to the fds with a save feature.
he even believed that such hermeneutics should be applied to the gospel accounts as well.	he also believed that such hermeneutics should be applied to the gospel accounts as well.
goguryeo (in legend founded in 37 bc; proved to found in 2nd century bc 668 bc) was an ancient korean kingdom located in manchuria and the northern korean peninsula.	goguryeo (in legend founded in 37 bc; proved to found in 2nd century bc 668 bc) was an ancient kingdom located in manchuria and the northern korean peninsula.
the clyde and nulhegan rivers each flow through sections of wetlands, ponds, and rapids, and include several carries as they flow through the scenic northeast kingdom of vermont.	the clyde and nulhegan rivers each flow through sections of wetlands, ponds, and rapids, and include several carries as they flow through the northeast kingdom of vermont.
when the characters finally set foot on magrathea, the game ends with the sadly never-fulfilled promise of a thrilling sequel.	when the characters finally set foot on magrathea, the game ends with the never-fulfilled promise of a thrilling sequel.
made of precious material, there is furthermore a handy letter opener sword in the form of a high-quality cloth map of rivellon (ie the country rivellon in the game), the ep soundtrack, an exclusive poster (a3) and a temporary tattoo.	made of precious material, there is furthermore a letter opener sword in the form of a high-quality cloth map of rivellon (ie the country rivellon in the game), the ep soundtrack, an exclusive poster (a3) and a temporary tattoo.
he is jewish and had his bar mitzvah by the western wall in israel .	he is jewish and had his bar mitzvah by the western wall in jerusalem .
chino himself stated that the line was not meant as a diss, and he and 2pac were on good terms at the time of his passing .	chino himself stated that the line was not meant as a diss, and he and 2pac were on good terms at the time of his death .
the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades (arabic: ) are a palestinian militant group closely linked to the fatah political party and one of the most active forces in the al-aqsa intifada.	the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades (arabic: ) are a palestinian terrorist group closely linked to the fatah political party and one of the most active forces in the al-aqsa intifada.
israeli west bank barrier - partly on israel's 1949 armistice lines (green line) and deep within west bank.	israeli west bank barrier - partly on israel's 1949 armistice lines (green line) and partly within west bank.
one of the duties of the author of a hokku is that he must compose a syntactically complete verse capable (alone among the verses of a linked poem) of standing alone, probably because the hokku, as the first verse of the renku or renga, sets the stage for the rest of the poem, and therefore should not leave itself open to overt modification in the next verse.	one of the duties of the author of a hokku is that the author must compose a syntactically complete verse capable (alone among the verses of a linked poem) of standing alone, probably because the hokku, as the first verse of the renku or renga, sets the stage for the rest of the poem, and therefore should not leave itself open to overt modification in the next verse.
nemi ships: caligula's roman ships, destroyed by nazis in 1944	nemi ships: caligula's roman ships, destroyed by fire in 1944
composed between 1939 and 1941, it was first performed at the adelphi theatre, london, on 19 march 1944. the work was inspired by events that affected tippett profoundly: the assassination in 1938 of a german diplomat by a young jewish refugee, and the nazi government's reaction in the form of a vicious pogrom against its jewish populationthe so-called kristallnacht.	composed between 1939 and 1941, it was first performed at the adelphi theatre, london, on 19 march 1944. the work was inspired by events that affected tippett profoundly: the assassination in 1938 of a german diplomat by a young jewish refugee, and the nazi government's reaction in the form of a violent pogrom against its jewish populationthe so-called kristallnacht.
william clarke quantrill (july 31, 1837 june 6, 1865) was a confederate terrorist leader during the american civil war.	william clarke quantrill (july 31, 1837 june 6, 1865) was a confederate leader during the american civil war.
the older 73 districts (okresy, singular - okres) and 4 municipalities (msta, singular - msto) have been disbanded in an ill-executed administrative reform; however are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration:	the older 73 districts (okresy, singular - okres) and 4 municipalities (msta, singular - msto) have been disbanded in an administrative reform; however are still traditionally recognized and remain the seats of various branches of state administration:
roger roger was a british tv sitcom (britcom) starting in 1996. the show was written by john sullivan who wrote the hugely successful only fools and horses.	roger roger was a british tv sitcom (britcom) starting in 1996. the show was written by john sullivan who wrote the successful only fools and horses.
mcmahon was convicted of murdering lord mountbatten of burma and three others at mullaghmore, county sligo, ireland.	mcmahon was convicted of killing lord mountbatten of burma and three others at mullaghmore, county sligo, ireland.
the song only peaked #23 at the mainstream rock chart.	the song peaked #23 at the mainstream rock chart.
"following the release of their first single, ""king of the bop""/""nervous wreck"", in june 1978, on soho records, the band renamed themselves the nips and released the garage punk classic ""all the time in the world""/""private eye"" with phil rowland of eater on drums."	"following the release of their first single, ""king of the bop""/""nervous wreck"", in june 1978, on soho records, the band renamed themselves the nips and released the garage punk song ""all the time in the world""/""private eye"" with phil rowland of eater on drums."
tsonga dismantled the favored youzhny in straight sets, 7-5, 6-0, 7-6. in the semifinals, tsonga delivered a historically strong performance to defeat the number two seed rafael nadal, 6-2, 6-3, 6-2 to complete back-to-back straight set victories over heavily favored opponents.	tsonga dismantled the favored youzhny in straight sets, 7-5, 6-0, 7-6. in the semifinals, tsonga delivered a strong performance to defeat the number two seed rafael nadal, 6-2, 6-3, 6-2 to complete back-to-back straight set victories over heavily favored opponents.
the simpsons is an iconic american animated television sitcom created by matt groening for the fox broadcasting company.	the simpsons is an american animated television sitcom created by matt groening for the fox broadcasting company.
"occupied or ""disputed"": the legal status of the areas is a much debated question, and drives the choice of qualifier for the territories in question."	"occupied or ""disputed"": the legal status of the areas is a debated question, and drives the choice of qualifier for the territories in question."
dr. brenda shaffer is an american controversial writer.	dr. brenda shaffer is an american writer.
embedded phonics is the hallmark of traditional whole language phonics programs.	embedded phonics is the hallmark of whole language phonics programs.
the spectacular swartberg pass on the r328 run through the swartberg mountain range (black mountain in english) which runs roughly east-west along the northern edge of the semi-arid area called the little karoo in the western cape province of south africa.	the swartberg pass on the r328 run through the swartberg mountain range (black mountain in english) which runs roughly east-west along the northern edge of the semi-arid area called the little karoo in the western cape province of south africa.
graphapp, c-language based cross-platform gui toolkit for windows and gnu/ linux.	graphapp, c-language based cross-platform gui toolkit for windows and linux.
"the term comes from the swift vets and pows for truth, formerly ""swift boat veterans for truth"", (sbvt), and that group's widely publicized smear campaign against 2004 presidential candidate john kerry."	"the term comes from the swift vets and pows for truth, formerly ""swift boat veterans for truth"", (sbvt), and that group's widely publicized campaign against 2004 presidential candidate john kerry."
in peter jackson's 2002 film the lord of the rings: the towers, the complex characterization of gollum is achieved via a cgi creature built around the voice, movements and expressions of actor andy serkis.	in peter jackson's 2002 film the lord of the rings: the towers, the characterization of gollum is achieved via a cgi creature built around the voice, movements and expressions of actor andy serkis.
while in other nations of eastern europe russia remains unpopular due to its influence over those nations during the cold war, in serbia and montenegro, who also share orthodox religion with russia, there was no soviet occupation and russians were always seen as friendly brotherly people.	while in other nations of eastern europe russia remains unpopular due to its influence over those nations during the cold war, in serbia and montenegro, who also share orthodox religion with russia, there was no soviet influence and russians were always seen as friendly brotherly people.
gyrgy szondy (slovak: juraj ucha, 1500 – 9 july 1552) was a famous hungarian soldier and the heroic captain of drgely castle.	gyrgy szondy (slovak: juraj ucha, 1500 – 9 july 1552) was a hungarian soldier and the heroic captain of drgely castle.
however, charles royalists were defeated in the english civil war by the parliamentarians under oliver cromwell, who committed themselves to re-conquering ireland and punishing those responsible for the massacres of 1641. in 1649, cromwell landed in ireland with the new model army and by 1652, the conquest was all but complete.	however, charles royalists were defeated in the english civil war by the parliamentarians under oliver cromwell, who committed themselves to re-conquering ireland and punishing those responsible for the rebellion of 1641. in 1649, cromwell landed in ireland with the new model army and by 1652, the conquest was all but complete.
interstate 110 consists of several outdated features such as ramps that exit from the left side of the roadway.	interstate 110 consists of several features such as ramps that exit from the left side of the roadway.
on several occasions, an interview with a particularly interesting guest (examples include paul mccartney, don rickles and martin scorsese) was shown over multiple nights, and these in-depth discussions won costas much praise for his interviewing skills.	on several occasions, an interview with a particularly noteworthy guest (examples include paul mccartney, don rickles and martin scorsese) was shown over multiple nights, and these in-depth discussions won costas much praise for his interviewing skills.
in 1978, indiana state university took ownership and following its renovation, it was christened fairbanks hall in honor of the prominent terre haute businessman and philanthropist, responsible for its original construction, mr. crawford fairbanks.	in 1978, indiana state university took ownership and following its renovation, it was named fairbanks hall in honor of the prominent terre haute businessman and philanthropist, responsible for its original construction, mr. crawford fairbanks.
some of the notable users of phabricator are:	some of the users of phabricator are:
"a recent campaign spearheaded by fox news' conservative contributors bill o'reilly and sean hannity has resulted in a backlash from some christian groups and individuals who feel the designation ""holiday tree"" is part of a so-called war on christmas."	"a recent campaign spearheaded by fox news' contributors bill o'reilly and sean hannity has resulted in a backlash from some christian groups and individuals who feel the designation ""holiday tree"" is part of a so-called war on christmas."
tjandamurra o'shane is an australian aborigine child, a victim of a vicious racial attack on october 10, 1996 at the age of six.	tjandamurra o'shane is an australian aborigine child, a victim of a racial attack on october 10, 1996 at the age of six.
they saw parallels in the earlier murders of two palestinian teenagers in the beitunia killings .	they saw parallels in the earlier killing of two palestinian teenagers in the beitunia killings .
"in 1966 he had another big hit record, but this time it was with folksinger tim hardin's ""if i were a carpenter"" rather than the lighter froth he had been recording earlier in the decade."	"in 1966 he had another big hit record, but this time it was with folksinger tim hardin's ""if i were a carpenter"" rather than the lighter material he had been recording earlier in the decade."
he will next face top seed roger federer from switzerland in the rematch of their historic wimbledon final for the gold medal.	he will next face top seed roger federer from switzerland in the rematch of their wimbledon final for the gold medal.
the concept of dungeons & dragons as somehow demonic was also linked to the concept of satanic ritual abuse (sra), in that both presumed the existence of large, organized satanic cults and societies.	the concept of dungeons & dragons as demonic was also linked to the concept of satanic ritual abuse (sra), in that both presumed the existence of large, organized satanic cults and societies.
many of these captives have been subject to severe abuse.	some of these captives have been subject to severe abuse.
they bio-engineered the dreaded shoggoths to be their all-purpose slave race.	they created the dreaded shoggoths to be their all-purpose slave race.
unfortunately , the stunt driver delivering the car for the scenes lost control of the car in april 2008 in a severe storm, and drove the only car then reportedly available for filming into lake garda.	during filming , the stunt driver delivering the car for the scenes lost control of the car in april 2008 in a severe storm, and drove the only car then reportedly available for filming into lake garda.
while her appointment as the canadian viceroy was generally welcomed at first, clarkson caused some controversy during her time serving as the queen's representative, mostly due to costs incurred in the operation of her office, as well as a somewhat republican attitude towards the position.	while her appointment as the canadian viceroy was generally welcomed at first, clarkson caused some controversy during her time serving as the queen's representative, mostly due to costs incurred in the operation of her office, as well as a somewhat anti-monarchist attitude towards the position.
he wrote the heart-warming autobiographical starlight nights , which evokes the magic of stargazing in simpler days, on a farm and without light pollution.	he wrote the autobiographical starlight nights , which evokes the magic of stargazing in simpler days, on a farm and without light pollution.
the total palestinian population is estimated at approximately 12 million, roughly less than half continuing to live within the boundaries of what was mandate palestine, an area encompassing israel proper including the west bank, gaza strip and jordan.	the total palestinian population is estimated at approximately 12 million, roughly less than half continuing to live within the boundaries of what was mandate palestine, an area encompassing israel proper , the west bank, gaza strip and jordan.
as the cyrillic alphabet spread throughout the east and south slavic territories, it was adopted for writing local languages, such as old russian .	as the cyrillic alphabet spread throughout the east and south slavic territories, it was adopted for writing local languages, such as old east slavic .
she collaborated with art-dance darlings fischerspooner on a few songs for their upcoming release and ended the year with a few co-writing credits on gwen stefani's debut, love.	she collaborated with art-dance duo fischerspooner on a few songs for their upcoming release and ended the year with a few co-writing credits on gwen stefani's debut, love.
a precinct captain is the individual who acts as the direct link between a political party 's machine and the voters in an election precinct.	a precinct captain is the individual who acts as the direct link between a political party |political party organization (which sometimes acts as a party machine and the voters in an election precinct.
the bodies of val and una are eventually discovered by the gotham city police department on new earth, and superman and the visiting lightning lad mourn their passing .	the bodies of val and una are eventually discovered by the gotham city police department on new earth, and superman and the visiting lightning lad mourn their death .
ryan david leaf (born may 15, 1976) is a former american football player who was a terrible quarterback in the national football league (nfl) for four seasons.	ryan david leaf (born may 15, 1976) is a former american football player who was a quarterback in the national football league (nfl) for four seasons.
in particular, he has cited the swp's promotion of jewish anti-zionist activist and jazz musician gilad atzmon, whose statements relating to the protocols of the elders of zion and holocaust denial have been condemned as anti-semitic.	in particular, he has cited the swp's promotion of anti-zionist activist and jazz musician gilad atzmon, whose statements relating to the protocols of the elders of zion and holocaust denial have been condemned as anti-semitic.
many of the russian cossacks on don were subjected to a genocide via the decossackization in 1919-1921, during the soviet famine of 193233 and because of the dishonourable repatriation of cossacks after the second world war by england to the ussr, resulting in the eventual disappearance of the don cossacks' movement of resistance to the soviet union.	many of the russian cossacks on don were subjected to a genocide via the decossackization in 1919-1921, during the soviet famine of 193233 and because of the repatriation of cossacks after the second world war by england to the ussr, resulting in the eventual disappearance of the don cossacks' movement of resistance to the soviet union.
page had begun using heroin during recording sessions for the album, a habit which may have affected the band's later live shows and studio recordings by the band, although this allegation has been denied by page.	page had begun using heroin during recording sessions for the album, a habit which may have affected the band's later live shows and studio recordings by the band, although this has been denied by page.
ubuntu (linux distribution), a popular linux distribution.	ubuntu (linux distribution), a linux distribution.
"you can click, but you can't hide is a propaganda campaign run jointly by several international associations, most notably the mpa, the mpaa, and the gvu, as part of the larger ""respect copyrights"" campaign against peer-to-peer file sharing of motion pictures."	"you can click, but you can't hide is a publicity campaign run jointly by several international associations, most notably the mpa, the mpaa, and the gvu, as part of the larger ""respect copyrights"" campaign against peer-to-peer file sharing of motion pictures."
the cruel custom of killing wrens on december 26 was mostly stamped out in the british isles by the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, according to william s. walsh in curiosities of popular customs.	the custom of killing wrens on december 26 was mostly stamped out in the british isles by the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals, according to william s. walsh in curiosities of popular customs.
"facing this ""deep-seated structural crisis"", the anc-led government attempted to put together a policy framework that could begin to address the variety of problems being faced both economically and otherwise."	"facing this ""deep-seated structural crisis"", the government attempted to put together a policy framework that could begin to address the variety of problems being faced both economically and otherwise."
asserting that chile was under siege by communist subversives,	claiming that chile was under siege by communist subversives,
all commodore amiga models make use of motorola central processing units (cpus) based on the 32-bit motorola 68k architecture.	all commodore amiga models make use of motorola central processing units (cpus) based on the motorola 68k architecture.
the washington park located in denver, colorado, united states is a beautiful blend of historic and contemporary styles of architecture.	the washington park located in denver, colorado, united states is a blend of historic and contemporary styles of architecture.
asha jyoti is a hindi film starring superstar rajesh khanna in the lead roles opposite two actresses reena roy and rekha.	asha jyoti is a hindi film starring rajesh khanna in the lead roles opposite two actresses reena roy and rekha.
syed mohammed yusuf shah, popularly known as syed salahudeen, is the head of hizb-ul-mujahideen, terror group operating in kashmir, and head of an alliance of anti-india militant groups , the united jihad council, that works to annex the indian state of jammu and kashmir to pakistan .	syed mohammed yusuf shah, popularly known as syed salahudeen, is the head of hizb-ul-mujahideen, a group operating in kashmir, and head of an alliance of anti-india militant groups , the united jihad council, that works to annex the indian state of jammu and kashmir to pakistan .
early results seemed to prove this contention, but most later attempts to reproduce the observations firmly supported the conventional view that the earth is a sphere.	early results seemed to prove this contention, but most later attempts to reproduce the observations firmly supported the established view that the earth is a sphere.
he played a conspicuous part in ultra-royalist reaction after the revolution.	he played a part in ultra-royalist reaction after the revolution.
the hide was sent to a laboratory to be tanned, but unfortunately it was either lost or destroyed.	the hide was sent to a laboratory to be tanned, but it was either lost or destroyed.
peng zhaoqin has won the dutch women's championship an incredible thirteen times, landing her first title in 1997 and then winning twelve more in an uninterrupted sequence from 2000 to 2011. in the 2011 dutch women's championship, peng won nine games out of ten, placing a full three points ahead of her closest competitor.	peng zhaoqin has won the dutch women's championship an unprecedented thirteen times, landing her first title in 1997 and then winning twelve more in an uninterrupted sequence from 2000 to 2011. in the 2011 dutch women's championship, peng won nine games out of ten, placing a full three points ahead of her closest competitor.
the 21st century is the current century of the common era in accordance with the gregorian calendar.	the 21st century is the current century of the anno domini era in accordance with the gregorian calendar.
some people, especially on online auction sites such as ebay, try to pass off pirated games as legitimate ones.	some people, especially on online auction sites such as ebay, try to pass off unauthorised copies of games as legitimate ones.
also in 2009, crow secretly provided $500,000 to the wife of justice thomas, virginia thomas, which she used to establish her liberty central political advocacy group.	also in 2009, crow provided $500,000 to the wife of justice thomas, virginia thomas, which she used to establish her liberty central political advocacy group.
english, french, german, italian, and russian speakers commonly use american to refer to the united states only .	english, french, german, italian, and russian speakers commonly use american to refer to the united states.
later editions of the work were famously illustrated by the norwegian artists erik werenskiold, theodor kittelsen, otto sinding and others.	later editions of the work were illustrated by the norwegian artists erik werenskiold, theodor kittelsen, otto sinding and others.
notwithstanding these charges, a controversial 2004 study on media bias (titled a measure of media bias) led by tim groseclose, of ucla and stanford, and jeff milyo of the university of chicago found the drudge report to be among the most centrist news outlets in their sample.	notwithstanding these charges, a 2004 study on media bias (titled a measure of media bias) led by tim groseclose, of ucla and stanford, and jeff milyo of the university of chicago found the drudge report to be among the most centrist news outlets in their sample.
the difference is contributed to the national bail out, an association of grassroots groups that post bail for people who do not have the money for it and would otherwise suffer behind bars for failure to pay as they await trial.	the difference is contributed to the national bail out, an association of grassroots groups that post bail for people who do not have the money for it and would otherwise remain behind bars for failure to pay as they await trial.
he is currently the keyboardist for legendary progressive rock group yes.	he is currently the keyboardist for progressive rock group yes.
an excellent pub there is called the collyweston slater, an everard's pub, on main road.	an pub there is called the collyweston slater, an everard's pub, on main road.
anderson took over the role from comedienne ruby wax, with former eastenders actress anita dobson and comedian paul o'grady also booked for the role.	anderson took over the role from comedian ruby wax, with former eastenders actress anita dobson and comedian paul o'grady also booked for the role.
though lovecraft created the most famous of these fictional deities, the vast majority of them were created by other writers, many after lovecraft's death.	though lovecraft created the most famous of these deities, the vast majority of them were created by other writers, many after lovecraft's death.
prior to garrow's time, defendants in felony cases were not allowed to have defence counsel; as a result, every defendant for arson, rape, robbery, murder and most forms of theft was forced to defend himself .	prior to garrow's time, defendants in felony cases were not allowed to have defence counsel; as a result, every defendant for arson, rape, robbery, murder and most forms of theft was forced to defend themselves .
261x colored university student vivian malone entering the university of alabama in the u.s. to register for classes as one of the first non-white students to attend the institution.	261x african-american university student vivian malone entering the university of alabama in the u.s. to register for classes as one of the first non-white students to attend the institution.
redirect korsian	redirect kosian
by 1977, ac/dc had become extremely successful in their native australia and had also achieved a degree of popularity in the u.k. and europe, largely on the strength of their pulverizing live show.	by 1977, ac/dc had become extremely successful in their native australia and had also achieved a degree of popularity in the u.k. and europe, largely on the strength of their live show.
for instance, after 1792, the golden urn was thought to have been used in selecting the 10th, 11th and 12th dalai lamas; but 14th dalai lama, tenzin gyatso has more recently explained that this was only really used in selection of the 11th.	for instance, after 1792, the golden urn was thought to have been used in selecting the 10th, 11th and 12th dalai lamas; but 14th dalai lama, tenzin gyatso has more recently alleged that this was only really used in selection of the 11th.
"however, as of may 2010, the american academy of pediatrics (aap) is advocating that u.s. law be changed to permit doctors to perform a ""ceremonial pinprick, or small nick"" ."	"however, as of may 2010, the american academy of pediatrics (aap) is advocating that u.s. law be changed to permit doctors to perform a ""ceremonial pinprick, or small nick"" as a form of female genital cutting"
the washington redskins looked to return to the playoffs in 2008 but unfortunately did not succeed, finishing 88. after joe gibbs announced his retirement, jim zorn was hired as head coach, and brought in a west coast offense.	the washington redskins looked to return to the playoffs in 2008 but did not succeed, finishing 88. after joe gibbs announced his retirement, jim zorn was hired as head coach, and brought in a west coast offense.
south korea has a strong economic, political and cultural influence in asia and is arguably one of the world's leading countries in science and technology.	south korea has a strong economic, political and cultural influence in asia and is one of the world's leading countries in science and technology.
the museum's mezzanine (upper) level contains the majority of the exhibits, restrooms, water fountains, a screening room, and even a dining space for visitors who have brought their own food or drink.	the museum's mezzanine (upper) level contains the majority of the exhibits, restrooms, water fountains, a screening room, and a dining space for visitors who have brought their own food or drink.
for around 50,000 years, prior to the arrival of british settlers in 1788, australia was occupied exclusively by aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples.	for around 50,000 years, prior to the arrival of british settlers in 1788, australia was inhabited exclusively by aboriginal and torres strait islander peoples.
kjttkaker - meatballs: the norwegian variety is coarser than the swedish, and served in a	kjttkaker - meatballs: the norwegian variety is simpler than the swedish, and served in a
he is best known as a prolific director of cult films including the disco musical roller boogie, the vigilante thriller film class of 1984, the stephen king-adaptation firestarter (1984), the arnold schwarzenegger action film commando (1985), and the action-comedy armed and dangerous (1986), starring john candy, eugene levy, and meg ryan.	he is known as a prolific director of cult films including the disco musical roller boogie, the vigilante thriller film class of 1984, the stephen king-adaptation firestarter (1984), the arnold schwarzenegger action film commando (1985), and the action-comedy armed and dangerous (1986), starring john candy, eugene levy, and meg ryan.
clark presented clunky arguments both in favor of and opposing euthanasia and to what extent government should be allowed to interfere in the life of a private citizen.	clark presented arguments both in favor of and opposing euthanasia and to what extent government should be allowed to interfere in the life of a private citizen.
god most commonly refers to the fictional deity worshipped by followers of monotheistic and monolatrist religions, whom they believe to be the creator and ruler of the universe.	god most commonly refers to the deity worshipped by followers of monotheistic and monolatrist religions, whom they believe to be the creator and ruler of the universe.
manchester's passengers remained static in 2006, increasing by only 0.2%, compared with average growth rates of 3.0% in the uk and 6.4% in europe as a whole.	manchester's passengers remained static in 2006, increasing by 0.2%, compared with average growth rates of 3.0% in the uk and 6.4% in europe as a whole.
in 1385, the union of krewo was signed between louis' daughter jadwiga and the lithuanian grand duke jogaila , beginning the polish-lithuanian union and strengthening both nations in their shared opposition to the teutonic knights and the growing threat of muscovy.	in 1385, the union of krewo was signed between louis' daughter jadwiga and the lithuanian grand duke wadysaw , beginning the polish-lithuanian union and strengthening both nations in their shared opposition to the teutonic knights and the growing threat of muscovy.
is a remake of 1981 blockbuster film mouna geethangal.	is a remake of 1981 film mouna geethangal.
"in early 1938, when japan's war against china was at its devastating height, ishikawa published the brilliantly ironic ""song of mars,"" an antiwar story soon banned for fomenting antimilitary thought < he also wrote many essays as well as translating l'immoraliste by nobel prize-winning author andr gide."	"in early 1938, when japan's war against china was at its height, ishikawa published the brilliantly ironic ""song of mars,"" an antiwar story soon banned for fomenting antimilitary thought < he also wrote many essays as well as translating l'immoraliste by nobel prize-winning author andr gide."
on tuesday, july 2, 1991, at a show at the riverport amphitheatre in maryland heights, missouri, axl spotted a spectator illegally recording the concert with a video camera, and jumped into the audience after him when concert security failed to respond to rose's request to apprehend the man.	on tuesday, july 2, 1991, at a show at the riverport amphitheatre in maryland heights, missouri, axl spotted a spectator recording the concert with a video camera, and jumped into the audience after him when concert security failed to respond to rose's request to apprehend the man.
soon after the formation of his firm, he was involved in the design of three important award-winning bridge projects: liberty bridge at falls park on the reedy in greenville, sc,completed in 2004, puente centenario, over the panama canal, panama, completed in 2004 and woodrow wilson memorial bridge over the potomac river in washington dc, completed in 2008. these bridges have received multiple awards and widespread recognition.	soon after the formation of his firm, he was involved in the design of three award-winning bridge projects: liberty bridge at falls park on the reedy in greenville, sc,completed in 2004, puente centenario, over the panama canal, panama, completed in 2004 and woodrow wilson memorial bridge over the potomac river in washington dc, completed in 2008. these bridges have received multiple awards and widespread recognition.
"legendary rock producer/dj sly stone was a producer for the label producing bobby freeman's ""c'mon and swim""/""do the swim,"" a hit on the national and regional charts in 1965. freeman had had some hits on jubilee in 1958-60, and on king in the early 1960's, but became the first artist on autumn to have any big-selling hits."	"rock producer/dj sly stone was a producer for the label producing bobby freeman's ""c'mon and swim""/""do the swim,"" a hit on the national and regional charts in 1965. freeman had had some hits on jubilee in 1958-60, and on king in the early 1960's, but became the first artist on autumn to have any big-selling hits."
the trophy was presented by comedienne rhona cameron and historian barbara jacobs, author of the dick, kerr's ladies.	the trophy was presented by comedian rhona cameron and historian barbara jacobs, author of the dick, kerr's ladies.
lightning strikes during the eruption of the huge galunggung volcano, west java, in 1982.	lightning strikes during the eruption of the galunggung volcano, west java, in 1982.
it was finally repealed in 1957.	it was repealed in 1957.
in 2014, kiwala focused attention on the plight of missing aboriginal women in canada.	in 2014, kiwala focused attention on the issue of missing aboriginal women in canada.
sister roma (born michael williams) is a 20 year veteran member of san francisco's notorious sisters of perpetual indulgence, inc and one of the most outspoken drag queens in the gay community.	sister roma (born michael williams) is a 20 year veteran member of san francisco's sisters of perpetual indulgence, inc and one of the most outspoken drag queens in the gay community.
the debacle of doxing is evidence of the incredible influence of the internet, as well as the increasingly fine line between private and public discourse, and between what is ethical and unethical.	the existence of doxing is evidence of the incredible influence of the internet, as well as the increasingly fine line between private and public discourse, and between what is ethical and unethical.
fresh poi is sweet and excellent all by itself.	fresh poi is sweet and edible all by itself.
in the 1930s, yale law school spawned the movement known as legal realism, which has reshaped the way american lawyers understand the function of legal rules and the work of courts and judges.	in the 1930s, yale law school contributed to the movement known as legal realism, which has reshaped the way american lawyers understand the function of legal rules and the work of courts and judges.
"an article on the register, dated 4 december and entitled ""secret mailing list rocks wikipedia"", discussed the use of a private mailing list to coordinate administrative actions."	"an article on the register, dated 4 december and entitled ""secret mailing list rocks wikipedia"", alleged the use of a private mailing list to coordinate administrative actions."
because of his successful educational experience it was only natural that warren was chosen as the first principal of bya, although it was understood that he would serve only until a permanent principal was appointed.	because of his educational experience it was only natural that warren was chosen as the first principal of bya, although it was understood that he would serve only until a permanent principal was appointed.
jehovah, an out-dated vocalization of hebrew yhwh.	jehovah, an vocalization of hebrew yhwh.
in 2006 ben goldhirsh, then only 26, decided to create a magazine dedicated to social causes.	in 2006 ben goldhirsh, then 26, decided to create a magazine dedicated to social causes.
supported by its wealth and skilled diplomacy, the city achieved a remarkable level of development, particularly during the 15th and 16th centuries.	supported by its wealth and skilled diplomacy, the city achieved a high level of development, particularly during the 15th and 16th centuries.
upon release, those who pass through the juvenile justice system receive parole-like surveillance along with helpful reintegration programs, reflecting the belief that juvenile behavior can be changed.	upon release, those who pass through the juvenile justice system receive parole-like surveillance along with reintegration programs, reflecting the belief that juvenile behavior can be changed.
in recent times the 'scavenger hunt' (scav hunt) has attracted controversy from the wider community, especially due to the inappropriate nature of many of the tasks.	in recent times the 'scavenger hunt' (scav hunt) has attracted controversy from the wider community, especially due to the nature of many of the tasks.
as market reforms have deepened and social inequity has widened, legal forums - ranging from mediation and arbitration commissions to courts - have come to play an increasingly prominent role.	as market reforms have deepened and social inequality has widened, legal forums - ranging from mediation and arbitration commissions to courts - have come to play an increasingly prominent role.
throughout their career, they continued to draw respect from critics.	throughout their career, they continued to draw acclaim from critics.
saint josemaria escriva founder of contravercial catholic prelature opus dei.	saint josemaria escriva founder of catholic prelature opus dei.
dalum jensen's partner is the great norwegian goalkeeper bente nordby, whom she played alongside at asker, djurgrdens and lyon.	dalum jensen's partner is the norwegian goalkeeper bente nordby, whom she played alongside at asker, djurgrdens and lyon.
"anarchist emma goldman said "" if voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal."""	"anarchist emma goldman articulated this idea by saying "" if voting changed anything, they'd make it illegal."""
in coordination complexes the carbon monoxide ion is called carbonyl.	in coordination complexes the carbon monoxide ligand is called carbonyl.
barley must have its fibrous outer hull removed before it can be eaten; pearl barley is taken a step further, polished to remove the nutritious bran layer.	barley must have its fibrous outer hull removed before it can be eaten; pearl barley is taken a step further, polished to remove the bran layer.
the enactment into law of the widely-supported dietary supplement health and education act (dshea) in the united states (us) in 1994 is perhaps the most prominent example of a piece of pro-health-freedom legislation, and is often cited by health-freedom campaigners as being a key event in the history of health freedom.	the enactment into law of the dietary supplement health and education act (dshea) in the united states (us) in 1994 is perhaps the most prominent example of a piece of pro-health-freedom legislation, and is often cited by health-freedom campaigners as being a key event in the history of health freedom.
the series is noted for making a literary star out of writer neil gaiman, and also for the striking covers by illustrator dave mckean.	the series is noted for making a literary star out of writer neil gaiman, and also for the covers by illustrator dave mckean.
in an interview with the daily telegraph in 2014, cleese expressed political interest with regard to the nascent uk independence party, saying that although he was in doubt as to whether he was prepared to vote for them, he was attracted to its challenge to the established political order and the radicalism of its policies with regard to the united kingdom's membership of the european union.	in an interview with the daily telegraph in 2014, cleese expressed political interest with regard to the uk independence party, saying that although he was in doubt as to whether he was prepared to vote for them, he was attracted to its challenge to the established political order and the radicalism of its policies with regard to the united kingdom's membership of the european union.
"for example, the manchu dynasty was originally often characterized as a ""conquest regime"" or a ""non-han"" regime, conveniently ignoring the prominent role that some ethnic chinese played in the qing conquest of china."	"for example, the manchu dynasty was originally often characterized as a ""conquest regime"" or a ""non-han"" regime, conveniently ignoring the prominent role that ethnic chinese played in the qing conquest of china."
they married on february 14, 2004 and had a son, finley arthur donoho, on april 26, 2004. they are now reportedly expecting their second child later this year.	they married on february 14, 2004 and had a son, finley arthur donoho, on april 26, 2004. they are now expecting their second child later this year.
he has become known for his work establishing that the ket language of siberia has a common linguistic ancestor with the na-dene family of north america.	he has become known for his work seeking to establish that the ket language of siberia has a common linguistic ancestor with the na-dene family of north america.
he has claims that he is dyslexic and is speaking out to raise awareness about the condition.	he has stated that he is dyslexic and is speaking out to raise awareness about the condition.
while the reconquista was the most prominent example of defensive christian war against muslim conquests, it is not the only such example.	while the reconquista was the most prominent example of christian war against muslim conquests, it is not the only such example.
the offer did not gain traction as the indian navy was working towards the more advanced project 17a-class frigate.	the offer did not gain traction as the indian navy was working towards the advanced project 17a-class frigate.
the athletes claimed to have been subjected to violence and torture in their home country; seventeen-year-old isha conteh stated she could be forced into female circumcision if she returned.	the athletes claimed to have been subjected to violence and torture in their home country; seventeen-year-old isha conteh stated she could be forced into female genital cutting if she returned.
"the museum poster refers to joplin, who died tragically in 1970, as having a ""free-spirited fervor of the counterculture revolution."""	"the museum poster refers to joplin, who died in 1970, as having a ""free-spirited fervor of the counterculture revolution."""
the liberal media watchdog group media matters for america has been critical of allegedly false remarks sean hannity has made on his television and radio shows.	the liberal media watchdog group media matters for america has been critical of allegedly incorrect remarks sean hannity has made on his television and radio shows.
speaking dialect is unfortunately often shunned upon in italy as it is a sign of lacking education.	speaking dialect is often shunned upon in italy as it is a sign of lacking education.
other painters notable for their redheads include the pre-raphaelites , edmund leighton, modigliani , gustav klimt and sandro botticelli, whose famous painting, the birth of venus, denotes the mythological goddess, venus, as a stunning redhead.	other painters notable for their redheads include the pre-raphaelites , edmund leighton, modigliani , gustav klimt and sandro botticelli, whose famous painting, the birth of venus, denotes the mythological goddess, venus, as a redhead.
immediately following hamas's victory in the 2006 elections, israel hermetically sealed the gaza strip and enforced a siege around it, preventing the free flow of people, equipment, imports and exports.	immediately following hamas's victory in the 2006 elections, israel sealed the gaza strip and enforced a siege around it, preventing the free flow of people, equipment, imports and exports.
he was one of five children of mostafa elbaradei, an attorney who headed the egyptian bar association and often found himself at odds with the regime of president gamal abdel nasser.	he was one of five children of mostafa elbaradei, an attorney who headed the egyptian bar association and often found himself at odds with the government of president gamal abdel nasser.
in march and april 2008, the farley mowat is observing the 2008 canadian commercial seal hunt.	in march and april 2008, the farley mowat is involved in controversy related to the 2008 canadian commercial seal hunt.
"some clarify that these solutions answer a slightly different question - one phrasing is ""you have to announce before a door has been opened whether you plan to switch"" (gillman 1992, emphasis in the original)."	"some say that these solutions answer a slightly different question - one phrasing is ""you have to announce before a door has been opened whether you plan to switch"" (gillman 1992, emphasis in the original)."
tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is an american actress, occasional author, television personality and former supermodel .	tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is an american actress, occasional author, television personality and former model .
by the way per wp:usergenerated the ukrainian and russian wiki articles on the ame subject are are not acceptable as a source.	by the way per wp:usergenerated the ukrainian and russian wiki articles on the same subject are are not acceptable as a source.
the bailout plan is almost identical to the one overwhelmingly rejected by the greek people in the referendum.	the bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the greek people in the referendum.
"the shocking premier which prompted headlines labelling the play a ""disgusting feast of filth""<p>"	"the premier which prompted headlines labelling the play a ""disgusting feast of filth""<p>"
the council has its roots in the discredited eugenics movement.	the council has its roots in the eugenics movement.
defeated west german league winners fc bayern munich 1-0 at de kuip stadium in rotterdam, netherlands to win the european cup for the first time, and continue the amazing streak of english teams winning the competition.	defeated west german league winners fc bayern munich 1-0 at de kuip stadium in rotterdam, netherlands to win the european cup for the first time, and continue the streak of english teams winning the competition.
in the 1970s and early 1980s some religious groups were discovered practicing sacred prostitution as an instrument to recruit new converts.	in the 1970s and early 1980s some religious cults were discovered practicing sacred prostitution as an instrument to recruit new converts.
it is one of a growing number of certified kosher spirits.	it is one of a number of certified kosher spirits.
one post-war application of this would lead to the creation of the legendary first generation hemi of the 1950s.	one post-war application of this would lead to the creation of the first generation hemi of the 1950s.
some people mistakenly believe that the name 7 up comes from the fact that its ph is above 7.0 and therefore neutral.	some people mistakenly believe that the name 7 up comes from the fact that its ph is 7.0 and therefore neutral.
mangum has kept largely out of the public eye since, only rarely playing acoustic sets and concentrating more on his recorded sound and music collages .	mangum has kept largely out of the public eye since, only rarely playing acoustic sets and concentrating more on his recorded sound and music colleges .
in 1784, after a fascinating court case they transferred the lease of the foundry from anthony bacon (with whom they had quarrelled), who reassigned it to david tanner, and moved to where they had set up the works on the banks of the river morlais, building penydarren house on the far side river bank.	in 1784, after a court case they transferred the lease of the foundry from anthony bacon (with whom they had quarrelled), who reassigned it to david tanner, and moved to where they had set up the works on the banks of the river morlais, building penydarren house on the far side river bank.
famous carpetbaggers include scott hutchins, evan williams and mark zuckerberg.	famous residents include scott hutchins, evan williams and mark zuckerberg.
hyrum's personal involvement with the danites, however, is questionable .	hyrum's personal involvement with the danites, however, is uncertain .
daniel lebern glover is an american actor, film director, and anti-war activist.	daniel lebern glover is an american actor, film director, and activist.
authorhouse has accepted payment from over 27,000 writers worldwide, and enjoyed huge success with legally blonde by amanda brown, which became a best-selling novel and a hollywood box-office smash, starring reese witherspoon.	authorhouse has accepted payment from over 27,000 writers worldwide, and enjoyed success with legally blonde by amanda brown, which became a best-selling novel and a hollywood box-office smash, starring reese witherspoon.
"included in that collection were ""judgment night"" (first published in august and september 1943), the lush rendering of a future galactic empire with a sober meditation on the nature of power and its inevitable loss; ""the code"" (july 1945), an homage to the classic faust with modern theories and lovecraftian dread; ""promised land"" (february 1950) and ""heir apparent"" (july 1950), both documenting the grim twisting that mankind must undergo in order to spread into the solar system; and ""paradise street"" (september 1950), a futuristic take on the old west conflict between lone hunter and wilderness-taming settlers."	"included in that collection were ""judgment night"" (first published in august and september 1943), the lush rendering of a future galactic empire with a sober meditation on the nature of power and its inevitable loss; ""the code"" (july 1945), an homage to the classic faust with modern theories and lovecraftian dread; ""promised land"" (february 1950) and ""heir apparent"" (july 1950), both documenting the grim twisting that humans must undergo in order to spread into the solar system; and ""paradise street"" (september 1950), a futuristic take on the old west conflict between lone hunter and wilderness-taming settlers."
the killings made the tragedy the deadliest workplace shooting in connecticut history.	the killings made the event the deadliest workplace shooting in connecticut history.
it is believed frontman adam levine has had an affair with jessica simpson, while simpson was married to 98 degrees crooner nick lachey.	it is believed frontman adam levine has had an affair with jessica simpson, while simpson was married to 98 degrees singer nick lachey.
"abdalla yones, who murdered his daughter for dating a christian, is sentenced to life in prison after becoming the first person in britain to admit an ""honour killing""."	"abdalla yones, who killed his daughter for dating a christian, is sentenced to life in prison after becoming the first person in britain to admit an ""honour killing""."
in a neutral position, the hands do not impart any force other than the weight of the follower's hands in the leader's.	in a neutral position, the hands do not impart any force other than the touch of the follower's hands in the leader's.
his fame was adequate for him to become something of a cultural icon.	his fame was sufficient for him to become something of a cultural icon.
voice of america (voa), is the official external radio and television broadcasting propaganda service of the united states federal government.	voice of america (voa), is the official external radio and television broadcasting service of the united states federal government.
many of the reception rooms have frescoed ceilings copied from the palazzi of renaissance italy notably from the amazing palazzo farnesein rome.	many of the reception rooms have frescoed ceilings copied from the palazzi of renaissance italy notably from the palazzo farnesein rome.
"smith recorded an orchestral version of ""between the bars"" with acclaimed composer danny elfman for the movie."	"smith recorded an orchestral version of ""between the bars"" with composer danny elfman for the movie."
elite is a seminal space trading video game, written and developed by david braben and ian bell and originally published by acornsoft for the bbc micro and acorn electron computers in 1984. elite's open-ended game model, advanced game engine and revolutionary 3d graphics led to it being ported to virtually every contemporary home computer system, and earned it a place as a classic and a genre maker in gaming history.	elite is a space trading video game, written and developed by david braben and ian bell and originally published by acornsoft for the bbc micro and acorn electron computers in 1984. elite's open-ended game model, advanced game engine and revolutionary 3d graphics led to it being ported to virtually every contemporary home computer system, and earned it a place as a classic and a genre maker in gaming history.
in 1801, thomas bruce, 7th earl of elgin obtained a firman, which was an official decree, from the sublime porte, the central government of the ottoman empire which were then the legal rulers of greece.	in 1801, thomas bruce, 7th earl of elgin obtained a firman, which was an official decree, from the sublime porte, the central government of the ottoman empire which were then the rulers of greece.
"in a surprising interview he concurred with the belief that mrs may ""had common sense"" and he wished the labour leadership also had some of that."	"in a 2016 interview he concurred with the belief that mrs may ""had common sense"" and he wished the labour leadership also had some of that."
he will unfortunately sit out the other races and provide technical input and experienced advice to the team from behind the wall.	he will sit out the other races and provide technical input and experienced advice to the team from behind the wall.
one of its most famous games is dokyusei, a pioneering ren'ai game, that has been sequelled, and turned into video and tv episodes.	one of its most popular games is dokyusei, a pioneering ren'ai game, that has been sequelled, and turned into video and tv episodes.
on october 15, 2009, ballentine made a racist comment towards juan williams while on the o'reilly factor.	on october 15, 2009, ballentine made an allegedly racist comment towards juan williams while on the o'reilly factor.
almeida will return for season 7 and a trailer reveals that he is a central figure behind the terrorist attacks that will occur in season 7.	almeida will return for season 7 and a trailer suggests that he is a central figure behind the terrorist attacks that will occur in season 7.
resenting the violence with which trade unions were met by employers, he formed the terrorist anarchist group los solidarios, together with buenaventura durruti, francisco ascaso, juan garca oliver, gregorio jover, ramona berri, eusebio brau, manuel campos, and aurelio fernndez.	resenting the violence with which trade unions were met by employers, he formed the anarchist group los solidarios, together with buenaventura durruti, francisco ascaso, juan garca oliver, gregorio jover, ramona berri, eusebio brau, manuel campos, and aurelio fernndez.
"the first version came in two different models, ""legacy free"" which had no parallel, serial, or ps/2 ports and instead 3 additional usb ports on the back; and the normal one which included the parallel, serial, and ps/2 ports but only had usb ports on the front."	"the first version came in two different models, ""legacy free"" which had no parallel, serial, or ps/2 ports and instead 3 additional usb ports on the back; and the traditional one which included the parallel, serial, and ps/2 ports but only had usb ports on the front."
in 1811 minor revolts broke out in different parts of sweden due to extra conscriptions of farmers.	in 1811 revolts broke out in different parts of sweden due to extra conscriptions of farmers.
as cavour had promised, savoy and the county of nice were annexed by france in 1860 after referendums; although it is disputed how corrupt they were in nice, 25,734 voted for union with france, just 260 against, but italians still called for its return into the 20th century .	as cavour had promised, savoy and the county of nice were annexed by france in 1860 after referendums; although it is disputed how fair they were in nice, 25,734 voted for union with france, just 260 against, but italians still called for its return into the 20th century .
"timothy matthew ""tim"" howard (born march 6, 1979) is an american soccer player who plays as a goalkeeper for english club everton and the united states national team."	"timothy matthew ""tim"" howard (born march 6, 1979) is an american association football player who plays as a goalkeeper for english club everton and the united states national team."
taboo, a successful stage musical by boy george.	taboo, a stage musical by boy george.
"benjamin ""ben"" mitchell is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders."	"benjamin ""ben"" mitchell is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders."
the cramps are an influential american punk rock band, formed in 1976. their line-up has rotated much over the years, with lead singer lux interior and lead guitarist poison ivy as the only permanent members.	the cramps are an american punk rock band, formed in 1976. their line-up has rotated much over the years, with lead singer lux interior and lead guitarist poison ivy as the only permanent members.
donald j. sobol (october 4, 1924  july 11, 2012) was an award-winning american writer best known for his children's books, especially the encyclopedia brown mystery series.	donald j. sobol (october 4, 1924  july 11, 2012) was an american writer best known for his children's books, especially the encyclopedia brown mystery series.
however, booth came to the shocking conclusion that in fact 30.7% of londoners lived in poverty.	however, booth came to the conclusion that in fact 30.7% of londoners lived in poverty.
on february 17, 2017 an article published in intermission, an online magazine, detailed a students challenging experience at theatre school.	on february 17, 2017 an article published in intermission, an online magazine, detailed a students experience at theatre school.
it produced a highly polarised response from reviewers, with members of the conservative press praising the book and many scientists criticising it.	it produced a highly polarised response from reviewers, with members of the conservative press praising the book and some scientists criticising it.
skip lists were invented in 1990 by william pugh.	skip lists were first described in 1990 by william pugh.
this edition popularized the wrong term byzantine and established it in historical studies.	this edition popularized the term byzantine and established it in historical studies.
it was a sales disaster for leyland, never even equalling the previous 1800/2200 model's sales in any year, and that was a model which was itself a sales disappointment.	it was a sales disappointment for leyland, never even equalling the previous 1800/2200 model's sales in any year, and that was a model which was itself a sales disappointment.
"it was around this time that singapore developed its infamous ""nanny state"" image, where the movements of every citizen are constantly scrutinised and dictated by the government."	"it was around this time that singapore developed its ""nanny state"" image, where the movements of every citizen are constantly scrutinised and dictated by the government."
this does seem somewhat unlikely, however, as the injury which forced his retirement was on the other leg to the one injured by keane.	this does seem somewhet unlikely, however, as the injury which forced his retirement was on the other leg to the one injured by keane.
efforts to ban shechita put well-intended humane society activists in league with antisemitic individuals.	efforts to ban religious slaughter put well-intended humane society activists in league with antisemitic individuals.
using effective propaganda against 1860 presidential candidate abraham lincoln, the fire-eaters were able to convince many southerners of this true accusation.	using effective propaganda against 1860 presidential candidate abraham lincoln, the fire-eaters were able to convince many southerners of this accusation.
characterised by actor bernard cribbins wonderful voices and the creations of master-puppet maker ivor wood, the popularity of 'the wombles' grew rapidly.	characterised by actor bernard cribbins voices and the creations of master-puppet maker ivor wood, the popularity of 'the wombles' grew rapidly.
interestingly , the situation came full circle in 1989, when nasa used the star trek version of the quotation to title their retrospective of project apollo: where no man has gone before: a history of apollo lunar exploration missions.	notably , the situation came full circle in 1989, when nasa used the star trek version of the quotation to title their retrospective of project apollo: where no man has gone before: a history of apollo lunar exploration missions.
change management (a term used to describe the process of sacking workers)	change management (a term used to describe the process of dismissing workers)
like many equal marriage rights proponents ql held protests at the post office on april 15 (u.s. tax day), to highlight the inequitable higher taxes lgbt couples incur due to their inability to legally marry.	like many equal marriage rights proponents ql held protests at the post office on april 15 (u.s. tax day), to highlight the higher taxes lgbt couples incur due to their inability to legally marry.
the industrial and services sectors are almost entirely owned and governed by the state, and the vast majority of the labor force is under the government's political control.	the industrial and services sectors are almost entirely owned and governed by the state, and the majority of the labor force is under the government's political control.
joining him on tour was renowned australian electronic band severed heads, coming out of retirement especially for the shows.	joining him on tour was australian electronic band severed heads, coming out of retirement especially for the shows.
dennis's madhouse is another attraction for the younger adventurers .	dennis's madhouse is another attraction for the younger visitors .
the white balloon (1995) (in badkonake sefid) is the debut film of iranian director, jafar panahi, with a screenplay by acclaimed iranian director abbas kiarostami .	the white balloon (1995) (in badkonake sefid) is the debut film of iranian director, jafar panahi, with a screenplay by iranian director abbas kiarostami .
he ingeniously created an outline of a church and altar using vraic he collected from the sea.	he created an outline of a church and altar using vraic he collected from the sea.
"the holy kaaba ( , ""the cube""), also known as the sacred house , is a cuboid building in mecca, saudi arabia."	"the kaaba ( , ""the cube""), also known as the sacred house , is a cuboid building in mecca, saudi arabia."
"it was mr. chartock's political invective that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."	"it was mr. chartock's political commentary that most caught the attention of the npr producer, who labeled it left-of-center ""ranting"" that, as a news professional dedicated to center-of-the-road balance at npr, really ""freaked him out""."
"the game was the best selling game of august with over 247,000 units sold in the u.s as of november 5, 2012, the game had only sold 1.5 million copies, with thq stating that the game ""did not perform to our expectations."""	"the game was the best selling game of august with over 247,000 units sold in the u.s as of november 5, 2012, the game had sold 1.5 million copies, with thq stating that the game ""did not perform to our expectations."""
this included the kindly chiba mamoru, whom he seemed to develop legitimate feelings for and even kissed.	this included the kindly chiba mamoru, whom he seemed to develop feelings for and even kissed.
in late january of 2007, it was quietly introduced to store shelves and was widely available throughout the united states even before its official dbut.	in late january of 2007, it was introduced to store shelves and was widely available throughout the united states even before its official dbut.
the consequences of the storyline in fantastic four #242-244 (may-july 1982) were examined in fantastic four #262 (jan. 1984), wherein the living sentience of the marvel universe was presented to make a validation of the character's continuous feeding, whereas the victims were represented by a frothing skrull prosecutor.	the consequences of the storyline in fantastic four #242-244 (may-july 1982) were examined in fantastic four #262 (jan. 1984), wherein the living sentience of the marvel universe was presented to make an unworded faith-based validation of the character's continuous feeding, whereas the victims were represented by a frothing skrull prosecutor.
gill fowler (ne robinson) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by susanna dawson from 1991 to 1992.	gill fowler (ne robinson) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by susanna dawson from 1991 to 1992.
ferdinand was named in the squad for this game and was a likely starter; however, the public mourning for princess diana  whose chauffeur had been suspected of drink-driving  left glenn hoddle with little choice but to drop the talented teenager from the squad.	ferdinand was named in the squad for this game and was a likely starter; however, the public mourning for princess diana  whose chauffeur had been suspected of drink-driving  left glenn hoddle with little choice but to drop the teenager from the squad.
mrs. kissinger's father was a well-to-do white plains, new york, lawyer, albert bristol maginnes.	mrs. kissinger's father was a wealthy white plains, new york, lawyer, albert bristol maginnes.
there is recent evidence that ect causes structural brain damage in animals.	there is modern evidence that ect causes structural brain damage in animals.
thirty years after the outbreak of the epidemic, nearly all these magnificent trees, which often grew to more than 45 m high, are gone.	thirty years after the outbreak of the epidemic, nearly all these trees, which often grew to more than 45 m high, are gone.
the endowment is now over $275 million due to a generous $60 million donation by janie and henry c. woods.	the endowment is now over $275 million due to a $60 million donation by janie and henry c. woods.
whirlwind took 3 years to build and first went online on april 20, 1951. the project's budget was $1 million a year, and after three years the navy had already lost interest.	whirlwind took 3 years to build and first went online on april 20, 1951. the project's budget was $1 million a year, and after three years the navy had lost interest.
on december 1, 2016, mcknight was fatally shot by 54-year-old ronald gasser at an intersection in terrytown, louisiana, in what the media represents to be a road rage shooting.	on december 1, 2016, mcknight was fatally shot by 54-year-old ronald gasser at an intersection in terrytown, louisiana, in what the media reports to be a road rage shooting.
before the darkness could do harm to the universe, it was set upon by the kings of three pagan religions: odin, the one-eyed king of asgard; ra, the sun god of egypt; and vishnu, the supreme being in hindu mythology.	before the darkness could do harm to the universe, it was set upon by the kings of three religions: odin, the one-eyed king of asgard; ra, the sun god of egypt; and vishnu, the supreme being in hindu mythology.
the house of prayer on achill island, county mayo is a controversial religious organisation.	the house of prayer on achill island, county mayo is a roman catholic religious organisation.
regrettably the international community contribution was that of less than 1% of what was expected, leading to the termination of the proposal.	the international community contribution was that of less than 1% of what was expected, leading to the termination of the proposal.
"with eight zenit booster rockets and an energia-m core as the upper stage, the ""vulkan"" (which was interestingly the same name of another soviet heavy lift rocket that was cancelled years earlier) or ""hercules"" (which is the same name designated to the n-1 rockets) configuration could have launched up to 175 tonnes into orbit."	"with eight zenit booster rockets and an energia-m core as the upper stage, the ""vulkan"" (which was the same name of another soviet heavy lift rocket that was cancelled years earlier) or ""hercules"" (which is the same name designated to the n-1 rockets) configuration could have launched up to 175 tonnes into orbit."
"his first successful single was ""transmit liberation"", an underground hit that proved enormously influential in the development of trip hop."	"his first successful single was ""transmit liberation"", an underground hit that proved influential in the development of trip hop."
the film grossed only $1,047,454 in the united states	the film grossed $1,047,454 in the united states
gyaru fashion is typically characterized by having heavily bleached or dyed hair (mostly shades from dark brown to blonde), excessively decorated nails, and dramatic makeup.	gyaru fashion is typically characterized by having heavily bleached or dyed hair (mostly shades from dark brown to blonde), highly decorated nails, and dramatic makeup.
films such as brokeback mountain have addressed the aspects of coming out for homosexuals .	films such as brokeback mountain have addressed the aspects of coming out for those who don't identify as fully heterosexual .
just 2 days before the surrender, on 14 december 1971, pakistan army and razakar militia (local collaborators) picked up at least 100 physicians, professors, writers and engineers in dhaka, and executed them, leaving the dead bodies in a mass grave.	just 2 days before the surrender, on 14 december 1971, pakistan army and razakar militia (local collaborators) picked up at least 100 physicians, professors, writers and engineers in dhaka, and murdered them, leaving the dead bodies in a mass grave.
"mihnea was dubbed ""cel ru"" meaning ""the bad"" or ""the evil one"" by vlad's enemies, the craiovescu faction of corrupted boyars."	"mihnea was dubbed ""cel ru"" meaning ""the bad"" or ""the evil one"" by vlad's enemies, the craiovescu faction of boyars."
on january 14, 2008, it was officially announced that olivo was cast as marietta on popular abc soap opera general hospital, and would begin appearing on january 22, 2008. she is set to appear in the films friday the 13th and bitch slap.	on january 14, 2008, it was officially announced that olivo was cast as marietta on abc soap opera general hospital, and would begin appearing on january 22, 2008. she is set to appear in the films friday the 13th and bitch slap.
as promised, the song was played during the 8th inning of the april 8th, 2008 game, to extremely negative reaction from those in attendance.	as promised, the song was played during the 8th inning of the april 8th, 2008 game, to negative reaction from those in attendance.
— supposed assassin of president john f. kennedy	— alleged assassin of president john f. kennedy
alexander soifer is a great mathematics author.	alexander soifer is a mathematics author.
david chilton (season 7-present) is the author of the famous the wealthy barber books.	david chilton (season 7-present) is the author of the the wealthy barber books.
doubts have been raised about the benefits of juice plus by the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center, the university of california berkeley and other critics .	doubts have been raised about the benefits of juice plus by the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center, the university of california berkeley and other sources .
a beautiful small town in northeast of la pampa, being the largest and more important in the province, after santa rosa.	a small town in northeast of la pampa, being the largest and more important in the province, after santa rosa.
the proposal requires to substitute the use of fossil fuels in the country and the transformation of the transport subsector which represents 66% of national hydrocarbons consumption and 54% of the total co2 emissions into clean technologies such as electric vehicles, biofuels, hybrid cars and hydrogen propulsion vehicles, as well as the promotion among the population to use more the public transport system.	the proposal requires to substitute the use of fossil fuels in the country and the transformation of the transport subsector which represents 66% of national hydrocarbons consumption and 54% of the total co2 emissions into clean technologies such as electric vehicles, biofuels, hybrid cars and hydrogen vehicles, as well as the promotion among the population to use more the public transport system.
systems supporting symbolic mathematics should normally return an undefined value for atan2(0,0) or otherwise signal that an abnormal condition has arisen.	systems supporting symbolic mathematics normally return an undefined value for atan2(0,0) or otherwise signal that an abnormal condition has arisen.
in september, konrad von jungingen reminded the prince-electors of the holy roman empire that the union of poland, lithuania and hungary under wadysaw-jogaila's rule would endanger christendom.	in september, konrad von jungingen told the prince-electors of the holy roman empire that the union of poland, lithuania and hungary under wadysaw-jogaila's rule would endanger christendom.
the non-committal response read as follows:	the response read as follows:
was a japanese actor, best known for his appearance in 21 of akira kurosawa's 30 films, including as a lead actor in ikiru (1952) and seven samurai (1954).	was a japanese actor, known for his appearance in 21 of akira kurosawa's 30 films, including as a lead actor in ikiru (1952) and seven samurai (1954).
"cranbrook kingswood is affectionately referred to as ""ck"" by its students, faculty, and alumni."	"cranbrook kingswood is commonly referred to as ""ck"" by its students, faculty, and alumni."
is a left-wing syndicated program of news, analysis, and opinion aired by more than 700 radio and television, satellite and cable tv networks in north america.	is a syndicated program of news, analysis, and opinion aired by more than 700 radio and television, satellite and cable tv networks in north america.
"walter crane's ""garland for may day 1895"" is lettered ""merrie england"" together with progressive slogans (""shorten working day & lengthen life"", ""the land for the people"", ""no child toilers"") with high-minded socialism (""production for use not for profit"")."	"walter crane's ""garland for may day 1895"" is lettered ""merrie england"" together with progressive slogans (""shorten working day & lengthen life"", ""the land for the people"", ""no child toilers"") with socialism (""production for use not for profit"")."
this was a golden age of anglican scholarship.	this is commonly considered a golden age of anglican scholarship.
both american and new brunswick lumbermen were cutting timber in the disputed territory during the winter of 1838-1839, and in february, new brunswick loggers seized the american land agent, rufus mcintire, who was exercising illegal jurisdiction.	both american and new brunswick lumbermen were cutting timber in the disputed territory during the winter of 1838-1839, and in february, new brunswick loggers seized the american land agent, rufus mcintire, who was exercising jurisdiction.
before guru nanak's demise , he instructed his disciple guru angad dev to carry on the teachings of his religion as guru angad had shown selflessness, compassion and endless service and was attuned to the teachings of his master, guru nanak.	before guru nanak's death , he instructed his disciple guru angad dev to carry on the teachings of his religion as guru angad had shown selflessness, compassion and endless service and was attuned to the teachings of his master, guru nanak.
"guevara became a leader among the terrorist rebels, a comandante (english translation: major), respected by his comrades in arms for his courage, and feared for what some have described as ""ruthlessness"": he was responsible for the execution of many men found guilty of being informers, deserters or spies."	"guevara became a leader among the rebels, a comandante (english translation: major), respected by his comrades in arms for his courage, and feared for what some have described as ""ruthlessness"": he was responsible for the execution of many men found guilty of being informers, deserters or spies."
paul robin krugman , born february 28, 1953, is a prominent american far-left economist, intellectual, columnist, and author.	paul robin krugman , born february 28, 1953, is a prominent american economist, intellectual, columnist, and author.
in zettai seigi love pheromone, aimi and kaoruko are wannabe comediennes and heroes of justice.	in zettai seigi love pheromone, aimi and kaoruko are wannabe comedians and heroes of justice.
"although the quran is the ""official constitution of saudi arabia"", the qu'ran is in fact the divine religious text of islam and not a bespoke constitution for a certain sovereign state."	"although the quran is the ""official constitution of saudi arabia"", the qu'ran is in fact the religious text of islam and not a bespoke constitution for a certain sovereign state."
the inaugural final was held on 20 december 2014 with atltico de kolkata becoming champions after defeating kerala blasters 10 at the dy patil stadium.	the inaugural final was held on 20 december 2014 with atltico de kolkata becoming champions after defeating kerala blasters 10 at mumbai's dy patil stadium.
he became well-known for his very strong nationalist stance in favor of ethnic romanians in cluj-napoca, which is a multi-ethnic city with a large ethnic romanian majority (79.39%) and a significant ethnic hungarian population (18.96%).	he became well-known for his very strong nationalist stance in favor of ethnic romanians in cluj-napoca, which is a multi-ethnic city with a ethnic romanian majority (79.39%) and a significant ethnic hungarian population (18.96%).
historic china-taiwan renewed direct flights	china-taiwan renewed direct flights
"it has been incorrectly asserted that parsifal was denounced as being ""ideologically unacceptable"" in the third reich."	"it has been asserted that parsifal was denounced as being ""ideologically unacceptable"" in the third reich."
it was also awarded the prestigious odakkuzhal award in 2013, vayalar award in 2014, sahitya akademi award in 2015, and muttathu varkey award in 2018. it was also shortlisted for the 2016 dsc prize for south asian literature.	it was also awarded the odakkuzhal award in 2013, vayalar award in 2014, sahitya akademi award in 2015, and muttathu varkey award in 2018. it was also shortlisted for the 2016 dsc prize for south asian literature.
thecatholicfaith.us correctly condemns the dimond brothers as heretics for denying the following dogmas: (1) no salvation outside the catholic church, as the dimonds heretically claim self-professed, post-age-of-reason protestant children may still be catholic and obtain salvation; (2) obligation to refrain from the reception of the sacraments at the hands of notoriously excommunicated priests, as the dimonds heretically defend their sacrilegious receptions of holy communion from the hands of a notoriously heretical, vatican ii-adherent byzantine priest in upstate new york; (3) papal infallibility does not apply to new doctrines, as the dimonds heretically believe canonizations of post-apostle era saints are dogmas; and (4) notorious heretics and notorious schismatics are outside the catholic church, as the dimonds heretically believe that pius xii and padre pio died in catholic communion.	thecatholicfaith.us condemns the dimond brothers as heretics for denying the following dogmas: (1) no salvation outside the catholic church, as the dimonds heretically claim self-professed, post-age-of-reason protestant children may still be catholic and obtain salvation; (2) obligation to refrain from the reception of the sacraments at the hands of notoriously excommunicated priests, as the dimonds heretically defend their sacrilegious receptions of holy communion from the hands of a notoriously heretical, vatican ii-adherent byzantine priest in upstate new york; (3) papal infallibility does not apply to new doctrines, as the dimonds heretically believe canonizations of post-apostle era saints are dogmas; and (4) notorious heretics and notorious schismatics are outside the catholic church, as the dimonds heretically believe that pius xii and padre pio died in catholic communion.
is also the name of a radical anti-war protest group	is also the name of a anti-war protest group
as the judge wryly noted, cabell's writing was such that few readers at the time would have been able to fully understand his writing.	as the judge wryly noted, cabell's complex prose style was such that few readers at the time would have been able to fully understand his writing.
islamofascism is a term used to describe the ideologies and tactics of certain modern islamist movements and states that allegedly have fascist, neofascist, or totalitarian aspects.	islamofascism is a term used to describe the ideologies and tactics of certain modern islamist movements and states that have or are perceived to have fascist, neofascist, or totalitarian aspects.
"it features two different versions of lavigne: one with a dreamy persona, glasses and beautiful red hair, and one with a ""rocker"" persona and black hair."	"it features two different versions of lavigne: one with a dreamy persona, glasses and red hair, and one with a ""rocker"" persona and black hair."
"other uses include a passage on an album by the rock band yes in the early 1970s; in the 2004 propaganda film fahrenheit 9/11; in the 2005 film the ringer; as entrance music for the british band james, as well as episodes of the simpsons that had a ""western"" theme (mainly in the episode titled ""dude, where's my ranch?"	"other uses include a passage on an album by the rock band yes in the early 1970s; in the 2004 documentary film fahrenheit 9/11; in the 2005 film the ringer; as entrance music for the british band james, as well as episodes of the simpsons that had a ""western"" theme (mainly in the episode titled ""dude, where's my ranch?"
detractors view hasbara as a euphemism for propaganda.	others view hasbara as a euphemism for propaganda.
in 1997, he played with the saints as a backup ruckman when peter everitt suffered an injury, but he tragically injured his knee again during the finals series, leaving brett cook as the number one ruckman for the 1997 afl grand final.	in 1997, he played with the saints as a backup ruckman when peter everitt suffered an injury, but he injured his knee again during the finals series, leaving brett cook as the number one ruckman for the 1997 afl grand final.
"in 1975 the chiffons would record a version of ""my sweet lord"", vainly attempting to capitalize on the publicity generated by the lawsuit."	"in 1975 the chiffons would record a version of ""my sweet lord"", attempting to capitalize on the publicity generated by the lawsuit."
"though known by several names in the past, the most common term ""algonquin"" derives from the maliseet word elakmkwik : ""they are our relatives/allies""."	"though known by several names in the past, the most common term ""algonquin"" has been suggested to derive from the maliseet word elakmkwik : ""they are our relatives/allies""."
"mata hari was the stage name of margaretha geertruida ""grietje"" zelle macleod (7 august 1876, leeuwarden 15 october 1917, vincennes), a dutch exotic dancer and courtesan who, although innocent , was brutally executed by firing squad in france for espionage for germany during world war i."	"mata hari was the stage name of margaretha geertruida ""grietje"" zelle macleod (7 august 1876, leeuwarden 15 october 1917, vincennes), a dutch exotic dancer and courtesan who, although innocent , was executed by firing squad in france for espionage for germany during world war i."
however, a late equaliser by azar karada in a dramatic 1-1 home draw against bolton wanderers, followed by a last minute winning goal by pedro mendes at home to manchester city sparked a dramatic change in form and fortunes in march and april, which coincided with a loss of form for both birmingham and wba.	however, a late equaliser by azar karada in a 1-1 home draw against bolton wanderers, followed by a last minute winning goal by pedro mendes at home to manchester city sparked a dramatic change in form and fortunes in march and april, which coincided with a loss of form for both birmingham and wba.
"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was wrongfully convicted of murder and later released from prison following a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."	"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was twice convicted of murder and later released from prison following a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."
raised in the infamous queensbridge housing projects in new york city, he represents a continuation of a hip-hop tradition in queensbridge that spanned through early hip-hop, including the juice crew, marley marl, and mc shan.	raised in the queensbridge housing projects in new york city, he represents a continuation of a hip-hop tradition in queensbridge that spanned through early hip-hop, including the juice crew, marley marl, and mc shan.
"ruth elizabeth ""bette"" davis (april 5, 1908 october 6, 1989) was an american actress of film, television and theatre."	"ruth elizabeth ""bette"" davis (april 5, 1908 october 6, 1989) was a two-time academy award-winning american actress of film, television and theatre."
harveys publish two excellent strip maps at 1:40,000 scale.	harveys publish two dedicated strip maps at 1:40,000 scale.
his underlying conservatism led him to support politically and socially repressive legislation, and resulted in criticism that he was ignoring injustices at home while campaigning for the enslaved abroad pov .	his underlying conservatism led him to support politically and socially repressive legislation, and resulted in criticism that he was ignoring injustices at home while campaigning for the enslaved abroad .
later emigrated to iran and obtained iranian citizenship during the shah's regime .	later emigrated to iran and obtained iranian citizenship during the shah's government .
courson herself died of a heroin overdose three years later.	courson died of a heroin overdose three years later.
secretary of education betsy devos confirmed that there will be rollback of the college campus sexual assault directives or title ix guidelines put in place during the obama administration pointing that the system has failed sexual assault survivors and those wrongly accused.	secretary of education betsy devos confirmed that there will be rollback of the college campus sexual assault directives or title ix guidelines put in place during the obama administration , asserting that the system has failed sexual assault survivors and those wrongly accused.
hrh don luis alfonso gonzalo vctor manuel marco de borbn y martnez-bordi is considered to be the head of the french royal house according to those royalists who consider the renunciation of felipe v of spain as invalid.	don luis alfonso gonzalo vctor manuel marco de borbn y martnez-bordi is considered to be the head of the french royal house according to those royalists who consider the renunciation of felipe v of spain as invalid.
in 1973, amid numerous legal entanglements involving his businesses, simmons was a significant contributor to the dallas civic opera.	in 1973, despite numerous legal entanglements involving his businesses, simmons was a significant contributor to the dallas civic opera.
woods is the only player ever to have won multiple professional majors in consecutive years (2005-2006).	woods is the only player to have won multiple professional majors in consecutive years (2005-2006).
many respected sha scholars have agreed that abdullah ibn saba existed.	many sha scholars have agreed that abdullah ibn saba existed.
it details the persistence of a male gender identity and the stubborn adherence to a male gender role of a person whose penis had been totally destroyed shortly after birth as the result of a botched circumcision , and who had subsequently been surgically reassigned by constructing female genitalia.	it details the persistence of a male gender identity and the stubborn adherence to a male gender role of a person whose penis had been totally destroyed shortly after birth as the result of a botched genital modification , and who had subsequently been surgically reassigned by constructing female genitalia.
blink-182 was a popular american trio that played pop punk	blink-182 was a american trio that played pop punk
throughout the music video he mockingly chants this made up language while prancing around and wearing an african kufi hat.	throughout the music video he chants this made up language while prancing around and wearing an african kufi hat.
"he appeared on an episode of ""celebrity ghost stories"", depicting an incident during 1988 before his acting career in which he was subconsciously led to the lorraine motel while stopped over in memphis, and experienced psychic visions of martin luther king, jr.'s assassination on the 20th anniversary of the event."	"he appeared on an episode of ""celebrity ghost stories"", depicting an incident during 1988 before his acting career in which he was subconsciously led to the lorraine motel while stopped over in memphis, and experienced visions of martin luther king, jr.'s assassination on the 20th anniversary of the event."
the third millennium (so called because it is the third period of 1000 years in the common era ) is a period of time which began on 1 january 2001 and will end on 31 december 3000. as the millennium currently in progress, only its first decade, the 2000s, can be the subject of the historian's attention, the remaining part of the 21st century (such as the predicted stagnation of world population at some 10 billion in the 2050s) and longer-term trends being the province of futures studies.	the third millennium (so called because it is the third period of 1000 years in the anno domini era ) is a period of time which began on 1 january 2001 and will end on 31 december 3000. as the millennium currently in progress, only its first decade, the 2000s, can be the subject of the historian's attention, the remaining part of the 21st century (such as the predicted stagnation of world population at some 10 billion in the 2050s) and longer-term trends being the province of futures studies.
osama bin laden ( ; variations in spelling differ) (born march 10, 1957) is a member of the prominent saudi bin laden family and the founder of the terrorist organization al-qaeda,	osama bin laden ( ; variations in spelling differ) (born march 10, 1957) is a member of the prominent saudi bin laden family and the founder of the militant organization al-qaeda,
"however, this metaphorical ""falling from the heavens"" was later misinterpreted as a literal fall from heaven when the passage's original meaning was made opaque by retranslations and eventually forgotten."	"however, this metaphorical ""falling from the heavens"" was later interpreted as a literal fall from heaven when the passage's original meaning was made opaque by retranslations and eventually forgotten."
cultural anthropology, also called socio-cultural anthropology or social anthropology, is a field (one of four that are commonly recognized in the united states) of anthropology, the holistic study of humanity.	cultural anthropology, also called socio-cultural anthropology , as distinct from social anthropology, is a field (one of four that are commonly recognized in the united states) of anthropology, the holistic study of humanity.
after his passing in 1974, his philosophy and teachings were continued by his son, prof. bahram elahi (b.	after his death in 1974, his philosophy and teachings were continued by his son, prof. bahram elahi (b.
alphablocks is a british cgi-animated children's educational television programme that tries to teach children how to spell with the use of animated blocks representing each letter.	alphablocks is a british cgi-animated children's educational television programme that is designed to teach children how to spell with the use of animated blocks representing each letter.
jehovah's witnesses are an international christian denomination whose members believe that their faith is the restoration of first-century christianity.	jehovah's witnesses are an international religious denomination whose members believe that their faith is the restoration of first-century christianity.
a number of people have died following self-administration of the drug via intravenous injection, undoubtedly due to lack of support of respiratory and/or cardiovascular function.	a number of people have died following self-administration of the drug via intravenous injection, possibly due to lack of support of respiratory and/or cardiovascular function.
"the final line of this original and some later forms ends with the clever word play that goebbels had ""noeballs""."	"the final line of this original and some later forms ends with the the word play that goebbels had ""noeballs""."
visual mind is another excellent mind-mapping application.	visual mind is another mind-mapping application.
in his present employment with the australian, an australian right-wing broadsheet, pearson writes commentaries and articles that cover a wide variety of cultural and religious matters pertaining to australian society.	in his present employment with the australian , an australian national broadsheet, pearson writes commentaries and articles that cover a wide variety of cultural and religious matters pertaining to australian society.
nadarajah raviraj (june 25, 1962 – november 10, 2006) was a minority sri lankan tamil politician and lawyer.	nadarajah raviraj (june 25, 1962 – november 10, 2006) was a sri lankan tamil politician and lawyer.
both scientists have ties to the george c. marshall institute, which has taken a skeptical position on global warming since the 1980s and has also received financial support from the oil industry.	both baliunas and soon have ties to the george c. marshall institute, which has taken a skeptical position on global warming since the 1980s and has also received financial support from the oil industry.
to promote the album the label boss klaus kettner put together a european tour for jackie lee cochran which was so successful, that they teamed up for all the following tours until his passing .	to promote the album the label boss klaus kettner put together a european tour for jackie lee cochran which was so successful, that they teamed up for all the following tours until his death .
her opponents within her party were unable to find a hand-picked primary challenger to run against her however.	her opponents within her party were unable to find a credible primary challenger to run against her however.
"dawkins is an outspoken atheist, humanist, sceptic, an enthusiastic ""bright,"" and – as a commentator on science, religion and politics – is among the english-speaking world's best known public intellectuals."	"dawkins is an atheist, humanist, sceptic, an enthusiastic ""bright,"" and – as a commentator on science, religion and politics – is among the english-speaking world's best known public intellectuals."
this album was produced by aaron levinson, and features excellent collaborations such as pat martino on guitar and jon swana on trumpet.	this album was produced by aaron levinson, and features collaborations such as pat martino on guitar and jon swana on trumpet.
a large number of jats belong to the political classes and have produced many powerful leaders, including the 7th prime minister of india, prime minister choudhary charan singh.	a large number of jats belong to the political classes and have produced many leaders, including the 7th prime minister of india, prime minister choudhary charan singh.
the neutrality act of 1936, passed in february of that year, sought to close the loopholes in the 1935 act by prohibiting trade in war materials as well as loans or credits to belligerents.	the neutrality act of 1936, passed in february of that year, sought to clos the loopholes in the 1935 act by prohibiting trade in war materials as well as loans or credits to belligerents.
orthodox jews across the world viewed him as one of the 36 saints and polish peasants were said to have lured him into their fields believing his feet would bring blessing to their crops.	orthodox jews across the world viewed him as one of the 36 saints and polish farmers were said to have lured him into their fields believing his feet would bring blessing to their crops.
april 18 - zalmon shoval, adviser to prime minister sharon, said only about 65 bodies had been recovered, of which five were civilians.	april 18 - zalmon shoval, adviser to prime minister sharon, defended israel's actions, saying it was fighting for its life; estimating that only about 65 bodies had been recovered, of which five were civilians.
james dobson is a strong proponent of traditional marriage.	james dobson is a strong proponent of heterosexual marriage.
"siobhan fallon hogan (born 1961), ""saturday night live"" actress/ comedienne ."	"siobhan fallon hogan (born 1961), ""saturday night live"" actress/ comedian ."
in the late 1990s and early 2000s, gang violence and incidents between the omaha police and black residents undermined relations between groups in north and south omaha.	in the late 1990s and early 2000s, gang violence and incidents between the omaha police and black residents affected relations between groups in north and south omaha.
future-proof multiprocessor support	multiprocessor support
it is located in baltistan, in the disputed gilgit-baltistan region administered by pakistan, and runs through part of the karakoram mountain range.	it is located in baltistan, in the gilgit-baltistan region administered by pakistan, and runs through part of the karakoram mountain range.
hurricane bud intensified into the first major hurricane of the season, one of only three to do so in the month of may.	hurricane bud intensified into the first major hurricane of the season, one of three to do so in the month of may.
farhatullah babar is a pakistani technocrat, left-wing statesman , chemical engineer, and former press secretary of the former president asif zardari.	farhatullah babar is a pakistani technocrat, left-wing politician , chemical engineer, and former press secretary of the former president asif zardari.
the pair meet at a hollywood party, where rugged leading man gable eschews evening wear and screwball comedienne lombard arrives in an ambulance that wrecks his car.	the pair meet at a hollywood party, where rugged leading man gable eschews evening wear and screwball comedian lombard arrives in an ambulance that wrecks his car.
many of the italian pows captured in the soviet union died in captivity due to the harsh conditions in the soviet prison camps.	many of the italian pows captured in the soviet union died in captivity due to the unfavourable conditions in the soviet prison camps.
the chinese people's liberation army destroyed the statue during the june 4 massacre .	the chinese people's liberation army destroyed the statue during the june 4 protests .
ganymede was the most handsome among mortals, by reason of which he was abducted by zeus in the form of an eagle to serve as cupbearer to the gods and as zeus' beloved.	ganymede was the most attractive among mortals, by reason of which he was abducted by zeus in the form of an eagle to serve as cupbearer to the gods and as zeus' beloved.
ugetsu, aka ugetsu monogatari, is a 1953 film by acclaimed japanese director kenji mizoguchi.	ugetsu, aka ugetsu monogatari, is a 1953 film by japanese director kenji mizoguchi.
"media matters for america criticized her for referring to a gesture made between barack obama and his wife after the final 2008 presidential democratic primaries as a ""terrorist fist jab""."	"media matters for america criticized her for referring to an affectionate gesture made between barack obama and his wife after the final 2008 presidential democratic primaries as a ""terrorist fist jab""."
also the opponents of evolution argue that the evolutionist faith in evolutionism entices people into extremist political ideologies such as fascism, communism, and marxism.	also the opponents of evolution argue that the evolutionist faith in evolutionism entices people into political ideologies such as fascism, communism, and marxism.
janelle won the award by a huge margin of 2 million votes.	janelle won the award by a margin of 2 million votes.
"charles ""lucky"" luciano (born salvatore lucania) (november 24, 1897 – january 26, 1962) was a legendary italian-american mobster."	"charles ""lucky"" luciano (born salvatore lucania) (november 24, 1897 – january 26, 1962) was a notable italian-american mobster."
fanny brice (1891-1951), comedienne , singer, theatre and film actress, funny girl	fanny brice (1891-1951), comedian , singer, theatre and film actress, funny girl
the statement called for free discussion and religious pluralism, and was signed by 97 leading catholics including theologians, nuns, priests and lay persons.	the statement called for free discussion and religious pluralism, and was signed by 97 catholics including theologians, nuns, priests and lay persons.
catherine feller is an actress and educator.	catherine feller is an actor and educator.
with kind regards, a. einstei	with kind regards, a. einstein
furthermore, racist plans to move chinatown and the poor away from the city center failed, as chinatown was rebuilt in the newer, modern, western form that exists today.	furthermore, plans to move chinatown and the poor away from the city center failed, as chinatown was rebuilt in the newer, modern, western form that exists today.
giorgio basta, count of huszt (15441607) was an arbresh general employed by the holy roman emperor rudolf ii to command habsburg forces in the long war of 1591-1606 and later to administer transylvania as an imperial vassal to restore catholicism as a predominant religion in transylvania.	giorgio basta, count of huszt (15441607) was an general employed by the holy roman emperor rudolf ii to command habsburg forces in the long war of 1591-1606 and later to administer transylvania as an imperial vassal to restore catholicism as a predominant religion in transylvania.
jarman's fame, however, mostly derived from his outspoken homosexuality, his never-ending public fight for gay rights, and his subsequent personal struggle with aids.	jarman's fame, however, mostly derived from his outspoken homosexuality, his never-ending public fight for gay rights, and his personal struggle with aids.
this practice brings about an equally wide-ranging degree of benefits in both the short-term and the long-term for the software itself and the organisation that sponsors it.	this practice aims to bring about an equally wide-ranging degree of benefits in both the short-term and the long-term for the software itself and the organisation that sponsors it.
furthermore, power's advocacy of deploying the united states armed forces to combat human rights abuses runs contrary to the idea that the main purpose of the military is the furnishment of national defense.	furthermore, power's advocacy of deploying the united states armed forces to combat human rights abuses has been criticized as running contrary to the idea that the main purpose of the military is the furnishment of national defense.
socionics is a modification of jung's personality type theory that uses all eight psychic functions, in contrast to jung's model, which used only four.	socionics is a modification of jung's personality type theory that uses eight psychic functions, in contrast to jung's model, which used only four.
malkin became a leading voice in opposition to a campaign by youtube, a popular video sharing website, to remove conservative-leaning videos.	malkin became a leading voice in opposition to an alleged campaign by youtube, a popular video sharing website, to remove conservative-leaning videos.
energy medicine is one of five non-scientific domains of complementary and alternative medicine (cam) identified by the national center for complementary and alternative medicine (nccam) in the united states.	energy medicine is one of five domains of complementary and alternative medicine (cam) identified by the national center for complementary and alternative medicine (nccam) in the united states.
he is a fervent opponent of homosexuality in general and lgbt rights in particular.	he is a opponent of homosexuality in general and lgbt rights in particular.
"these biases, sometimes called ""bugs in the human hardware,"" are exploited in various combinations to create criminal attack techniques, some of which are listed here:"	"these biases, sometimes called ""bugs in the human hardware,"" are exploited in various combinations to create attack techniques, some of which are listed here:"
the islam of the dargins has a strongly syncretic nature, with a substantial heritage of pre-islamic pagan beliefs given muslim form.	the islam of the dargins has a strongly syncretic nature, with a substantial heritage of pre-islamic non-abrahamic beliefs given muslim form.
he had a prolific career as a child actor.	he had a career as a child actor.
gerrard was also crucial in the winning of a penalty when he was fouled by gennaro ivan gattuso in the penalty area.	gerrard was also crucial in the winning of a penalty when he was fouled by gennaro gattuso in the penalty area.
fox news has been accurately portrayed as having an extreme conservative bias.	fox news has been portrayed as having an extreme conservative bias.
"for many years, the swedish academy interpreted ""ideal"" as ""idealistic"" (idealistisk) and used it as a pretext not to give the prize to important but less romantic authors, such as henrik ibsen and leo tolstoy."	"for many years, the swedish academy interpreted ""ideal"" as ""idealistic"" (idealistisk) and used it as a reason not to give the prize to important but less romantic authors, such as henrik ibsen and leo tolstoy."
"caterpillar also embarked on its ""southern strategy,"" opening new small plants, termed ""focus facilities"", in right-to-work -for-less states such as north carolina (clayton and sanford), south carolina (greenville), mississippi (corinth), tennessee (dyersburg), georgia (griffin lagrange), texas (seguin), and arkansas (north little rock), where labor laws provide more protection for workers not wanting to join unions."	"caterpillar also embarked on its ""southern strategy,"" opening new small plants, termed ""focus facilities"", in right-to-work states such as north carolina (clayton and sanford), south carolina (greenville), mississippi (corinth), tennessee (dyersburg), georgia (griffin lagrange), texas (seguin), and arkansas (north little rock), where labor laws provide more protection for workers not wanting to join unions."
due to the desire to reinforce certain cultural affiliations, muslims may choose to utilize some arabo-persian words instead of the proper sanskrit-derived bengali.	due to the desire to reinforce certain cultural affiliations, muslims may choose to utilize some arabo-persian words instead of the sanskrit-derived bengali.
a critical review of 14 cases where van claimed 10 successes showed only one case where an earthquake occurred within the prediction parameters.	a critical review of 14 cases where van claimed 10 successes considered only one case where an earthquake occurred within the prediction parameters.
the survey found that nearly two-thirds of canadians agree with canada's role in rebuilding afghanistan, that the military must be stronger but that the purpose should be different such as responding to natural disasters.	the survey found that nearly two-thirds of canadians agree with canada's role in the invasion of afghanistan, that the military must be stronger but that the purpose should be different such as responding to natural disasters.
"the film features the fictional rock band's abysmal performance of ""burning rubber tires""."	"the film features the fictional rock band's performance of ""burning rubber tires""."
best known for her role in the woody allen 1972 comedy film everything you always wanted to know about sex (but were afraid to ask).	heather macrae (born october 5, 1946) is an american actress known for her role in the woody allen 1972 comedy film everything you always wanted to know about sex (but were afraid to ask).
claimed by indian sufi saint akhi jamshed rajgiri in self defense before the sultan of jaunpur for his love of youths.	claimed by indian sufi akhi jamshed rajgiri in self defense before the sultan of jaunpur for his love of youths.
chipmunk punk is a new wave music album by the chipmunks, as well as being the first album released by ross bagdasarian, jr., after he took over due to his father's passing .	chipmunk punk is a new wave music album by the chipmunks, as well as being the first album released by ross bagdasarian, jr., after he took over due to his father's death .
the measurement problem is resolved by the particles having definite positions at all times.	the measurement problem is claimed to be addressed by the particles having definite positions at all times.
the design, construction and management of roads, parking and other related facilities as well as the design and regulation of vehicles can reduce the impacts to varying degrees.	the design, construction and management of roads, parking and other related facilities as well as the design and regulation of vehicles can change the impacts to varying degrees.
"aldo l. ""dean"" parisot is an oscar-winning american film and television director."	"aldo l. ""dean"" parisot is an american film and television director."
"amendment ii (the second amendment) of the united states constitution, which is part of the bill of rights, declares the necessity for ""a well regulated militia"", and then prohibits infringement of ""the right of the people to keep and bear arms""."	"amendment ii (the second amendment) of the united states constitution, which is part of the bill of rights, declares the necessity for ""a well regulated militia"", and prohibits infringement of ""the right of the people to keep and bear arms""."
areas in grey are areas intended for annexation by france, poland and the ussr.	areas in grey are areas intended for control by france, poland and the ussr.
together with wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales, pulsifer made an appearance on the on point show, on august 2, 2006.	together with wikipedia founder jimmy wales, pulsifer made an appearance on the on point show, on august 2, 2006.
this featured silver, blakey, the brilliant young trumpeter clifford brown, alto saxophonist lou donaldson and bassist curly russell.	this featured silver, blakey, the young trumpeter clifford brown, alto saxophonist lou donaldson and bassist curly russell.
one of the biggest problems confronting the great british empire in 1763 was maintaining peace with north american indians who lived on the land acquired from france in the treaty of paris.	one of the biggest problems confronting the british empire in 1763 was maintaining peace with north american indians who lived on the land acquired from france in the treaty of paris.
in the hard sciences, back-of-the-envelope calculation is often associated with physicist enrico fermi, who was well known for emphasizing ways that complex scientific equations could be approximated within an order of magnitude using simple calculations.	in the natural sciences, back-of-the-envelope calculation is often associated with physicist enrico fermi, who was well known for emphasizing ways that complex scientific equations could be approximated within an order of magnitude using simple calculations.
"an investigation by the ntsb determined that the copilot, gameel al-batouti, seized control of the plane when the pilot was out of the cockpit, turned off the autopilot, and deliberately crashed the plane into the ocean, while calmly reciting ""i rely on god"" and counteracting the pilot's valiant efforts to recover from the dive."	"an investigation by the ntsb determined that the copilot, gameel al-batouti, seized control of the plane when the pilot was out of the cockpit, turned off the autopilot, and deliberately crashed the plane into the ocean, while calmly reciting ""i rely on god"" and counteracting the pilot's efforts to recover from the dive."
abuse is more prevalent in those that have been dependent on other drugs in the past, but tolerance and drug dependence can still sometimes occur in those without a history of drug dependence.	misuse is more prevalent in those that have been dependent on other drugs in the past, but tolerance and drug dependence can still sometimes occur in those without a history of drug dependence.
compton acres, west bridgford, nottinghamshire is a prosperous housing development located to the south west of west bridgford's main urban area, on the rural-urban fringe.	compton acres, west bridgford, nottinghamshire is a housing development located to the south west of west bridgford's main urban area, on the rural-urban fringe.
davis confirmed this in creating a complete new series of characters maintaining some of the english-mythology related excalibur themes, the unlucky clandestine team of 1994. created for marvel uk and written and drawn by davis, it ended with n12 (last four numbers not by davis) but was briefly revamped by davis for a cross-over with x-men.	davis confirmed this in creating a complete new series of characters maintaining some of the english-mythology related excalibur themes, the clandestine team of 1994. created for marvel uk and written and drawn by davis, it ended with n12 (last four numbers not by davis) but was briefly revamped by davis for a cross-over with x-men.
although vines had been cultivated from the wild vitis vinifera grape for millennia, it wasn't until the greek colonization that wine-making truly flourished.	although vines had been cultivated from the wild vitis vinifera grape for millennia, it wasn't until the greek colonization that wine-making flourished.
lourdes olpindo, cool vocalist/songwriter, creator of the moana soundtrack	lourdes olpindo, vocalist/songwriter, creator of the moana soundtrack
gtgtpwtw is a new york times bestseller and made the list of michigan notable books from 2016.	it is a new york times bestseller and made the list of michigan notable books from 2016.
due to the informal and personality-driven nature of the roman justice system, nothing other than a prosecutor, a charge of christianity, and a governor willing to punish on that charge was required to bring a legal attack against a christian.	due to the informal and personality-driven nature of the roman justice system, nothing other than a prosecutor, a charge of christianity, and a governor willing to punish on that charge was required to bring a legal charge against a christian.
ley hill school is a well-respected primary school for boys and girls, built in 1927.	ley hill school is a primary school for boys and girls, built in 1927.
he was a solid central defender who was capped 19 times for the norwegian national team, participating in the 1994 fifa world cup.	he was a central defender who was capped 19 times for the norwegian national team, participating in the 1994 fifa world cup.
the first part of the book explained the origin and evolution of the universe itself, in terms derived from the hindu concept of cyclical development.	the first part of the book purports to explain the origin and evolution of the universe itself, in terms derived from the hindu concept of cyclical development.
gostkowski only had two field goal attempts in the postseason, both in the divisional game against the jacksonville jaguars; gostkowski converted one, but missed the other, his only failed postseason conversion.	gostkowski had two field goal attempts in the postseason, both in the divisional game against the jacksonville jaguars; gostkowski converted one, but missed the other, his only failed postseason conversion.
david sackett, in a useful review of biases in clinical studies, states that biases can occur in any one of seven stages of research:	david sackett, in a review of biases in clinical studies, states that biases can occur in any one of seven stages of research:
youngman remained married for over sixty years until his wife's passing in 1987, after a prolonged illness.	youngman remained married for over sixty years until his wife's death in 1987, after a prolonged illness.
in his first game at old trafford against manchester united he was rightly sent off after collecting two yellow cards.	in his first game at old trafford against manchester united he was sent off after collecting two yellow cards.
the buddha gave the shocking analogy:	the buddha gave the analogy:
some critics of the film have also pointed out similarities between this and herman melville's classic novel moby-dick.	critics of the film have also pointed out similarities between this and herman melville's classic novel moby-dick.
all of these addresses lead directly to the obscene image described above.	all of these addresses lead directly to the image described above.
during the action, the famed american submarine uss growler attacked three japanese warships anchored off kiska island.	during the action, the american submarine uss growler attacked three japanese warships anchored off kiska island.
later, kadri hazbiu was accused of being the organiser by the puppet court in communist albania.	later, kadri hazbiu was accused of being the organiser by the court in communist albania.
rudolph william louis giuliani iii (born may 28, 1944) is a former prosecutor, businessman, and pro-choice republican politician from the state of new york.	rudolph william louis giuliani iii (born may 28, 1944) is a former prosecutor, businessman, and republican politician from the state of new york.
after the ending of his marriage, press reports spoke of his engagement to joan turner, the actress, singer and comedienne , but the reports were suspected to be a mutual publicity stunt.	after the ending of his marriage, press reports spoke of his engagement to joan turner, the actress, singer and comedian , but the reports were suspected to be a mutual publicity stunt.
sanctity is not just for monks and priests, but is also easily accessible for lay persons.	sanctity is not just for monks and priests, says escriv; it is also easily accessible for lay persons.
as well as the castle, its beautiful parish church and the abundance of historic houses in castle street, this suburb is well placed for a multitude of waterfront leisure activities, being only a short distance from the uk's third largest marina at 'port solent' (which is home to europe's second largest gym and health club, including a large outdoor pool) and a short journey from the historic city of portsmouth and the market town of fareham.	as well as the castle, its parish church and the abundance of historic houses in castle street, this suburb is well placed for a multitude of waterfront leisure activities, being only a short distance from the uk's third largest marina at 'port solent' (which is home to europe's second largest gym and health club, including a large outdoor pool) and a short journey from the historic city of portsmouth and the market town of fareham.
on the other hand, religious conservatives often perceive the teaching of evolution as a threat to their religious beliefs and prerogatives as parents and clergy.	on the other hand, religious conservatives often consider the teaching of evolution as a threat to their religious beliefs and prerogatives as parents and clergy.
the basking shark is one of the largest sharks known to man , second only to the whale shark.	the basking shark is one of the largest sharks known to human beings , second only to the whale shark.
anvil of stars is a book by greg bear and a worthy sequel to the forge of god.	anvil of stars is a book by greg bear and a sequel to the forge of god.
the decision has been met with mixed criticism by sports analysts and fans alike and has been the catalyst for much speculation regarding plummer's future in the national football league.	the decision has been met with mixed reaction by sports analysts and fans alike and has been the catalyst for much speculation regarding plummer's future in the national football league.
the guitar is not traditional in irish music but has become commonplace in modern sessions.	the guitar is not traditional in irish music but has become widely accepted in modern sessions.
"the second, later, sword to be falsly designated ""claymore"" was a much shorter, one-handed basket-hilted broadsword popular with scottish troops from the 18th century onwards, even seeing combat on the beaches of normandy during world war ii."	"the second, later, sword to be designated ""claymore"" was a much shorter, one-handed basket-hilted broadsword popular with scottish troops from the 18th century onwards, even seeing combat on the beaches of normandy during world war ii."
nevertheless, lucknowites are still known for their polite and polished way of speaking which is noticed by visitors to this charming city.	nevertheless, lucknowites are still known for their polite and polished way of speaking which is noticed by visitors to this city.
in the centuries after the life of muhammad pbuh , muslim armies poured out into all surrounding areas, bringing the lands from persia to spain under their control.	in the centuries after the life of muhammad, muslim armies poured out into all surrounding areas, bringing the lands from persia to spain under their control.
ehud havazelet (born july 13, 1955) is an award-winning american novelist and short story writer.	ehud havazelet (born july 13, 1955) is an american novelist and short story writer.
aryans (sanskrit, avestan and vedic term: arya, noble) are an ethnic group, which originated in the russia steppes.	aryans (sanskrit, avestan and vedic term: arya, noble) are an ethnic group, commonly said to have originated in the russia steppes.
"several fellow cast members even joined him to sing ""it's a sin (to tell a lie),"" sportingly appearing under the group name of ""the sunspots"", a word play on the ink spots, the first group to perform this song."	"several fellow cast members even joined him to sing ""it's a sin (to tell a lie),"" appearing under the group name of ""the sunspots"", a word play on the ink spots, the first group to perform this song."
macedonia (as a sovereign state) highly controversially refers to the republic of macedonia.	macedonia (as a sovereign state) controversially refers to the republic of macedonia.
on july 12, 2017, an event called the day of action was held to advocate for net neutrality in the united states in response to blobhead's plans to screw the people of the america.	on july 12, 2017, an event called the day of reckoning was held to advocate for net neutrality in the united states in response to blobhead's plans to screw the people of the america.
following a series of plo terrorist attacks in 1982, israel invaded lebanon once again to destroy the bases from which the plo launched attacks and missiles into northern israel first lebanon war.	following a series of plo attacks in 1982, israel invaded lebanon once again to destroy the bases from which the plo launched attacks and missiles into northern israel first lebanon war.
jeri lynn mooney (born january 28, 1944), better known as susan howard, is an american actress, writer, and political activist; best known for portraying the character donna culver krebbs on the soap opera dallas, maggie petrocelli on the television show petrocelli, and to star trek fans for convincingly portraying mara, the first female klingon with a speaking role, in the episode day of the dove.	jeri lynn mooney (born january 28, 1944), better known as susan howard, is an american actress, writer, and political activist; best known for portraying the character donna culver krebbs on the soap opera dallas, maggie petrocelli on the television show petrocelli, and to star trek fans for portraying mara, the first female klingon with a speaking role, in the episode day of the dove.
beautiful 1852 map of boston area showing medford and rail lines.	1852 map of boston area showing medford and rail lines.
nicolaus copernicus, polish astronomer	nicolaus copernicus, astronomer
van buyten scored two priceless away goals to level the match and giving bayern munich the advantage in the tie (see below).	van buyten scored two away goals to level the match and giving bayern munich the advantage in the tie (see below).
"in their awesome 1971 album, ""roll over"" there is a song, ""beside you"" that is used as the main theme (""chris and annie's theme"") for this movie, ""what dreams may come"" (1998)."	"in their 1971 album, ""roll over"" there is a song, ""beside you"" that is used as the main theme (""chris and annie's theme"") for this movie, ""what dreams may come"" (1998)."
kashmir solidarity day has been celebrated on 5 february each year since 1990 as a day of protest against indian rule in occupied part of kashmir.	kashmir solidarity day has been celebrated on 5 february each year since 1990 as a day of protest against indian rule in part of kashmir.
minstrel shows were a fantastically popular show business phenomenon in the u.s. from 1828 through the 1930s, also enjoying some popularity in the uk and in parts of europe in the late 19th and early 20th century.	minstrel shows were a very popular show business phenomenon in the u.s. from 1828 through the 1930s, also enjoying some popularity in the uk and in parts of europe in the late 19th and early 20th century.
on january 4, 2017, a southwest spokesman announced that southwest airlines would remove the last three daily departures to and from chicago midway international airport from the airport, and that southwest would move services to cincinnati/northern kentucky international airport, adding eight daily flights there to and from chicago midway international airport and baltimorewashington international airport.	on january 4, 2017, a southwest spokesperson announced that southwest airlines would remove the last three daily departures to and from chicago midway international airport from the airport, and that southwest would move services to cincinnati/northern kentucky international airport, adding eight daily flights there to and from chicago midway international airport and baltimorewashington international airport.
kaspersky refuted the allegations, reporting that the software had detected equation group malware samples which it uploaded to its servers for analysis in its normal course of operation.	kaspersky denied the allegations, reporting that the software had detected equation group malware samples which it uploaded to its servers for analysis in its normal course of operation.
shepherd improvised spoken word narration for the title track on jazz great charles mingus's 1957 album the clown.	shepherd improvised spoken word narration for the title track on jazz musician charles mingus's 1957 album the clown.
the fund was started by adam's parents tom and judy webster, after his passing in june 1999. the vision of the adam webster fund of the o'neill sea odyssey is to provide a successful but not purely intellectual or academic learning experience for individuals with special needs in the context of the ocean environment.	the fund was started by adam's parents tom and judy webster, after his death in june 1999. the vision of the adam webster fund of the o'neill sea odyssey is to provide a successful but not purely intellectual or academic learning experience for individuals with special needs in the context of the ocean environment.
in his review (collected in the present as history, 1953) marxian economist paul sweezy joked that hayek would have you believe that if there was an over-production of baby carriages the central planners would then order the population to have more babies instead of simply warehousing the temporary excess of carriages.	in his review (collected in the present as history, 1953) economist paul sweezy joked that hayek would have you believe that if there was an over-production of baby carriages the central planners would then order the population to have more babies instead of simply warehousing the temporary excess of carriages.
"re-release changes were also the first major cause of the reactionary criticism phenomenon that takes a vehemently anti-lucas stance, known as ""lucas bashing""."	"re-release changes were also the first major cause of the criticism phenomenon that takes a vehemently anti-lucas stance, known as ""lucas bashing""."
dr. abdel aziz al-rantissi (in the arabic script عبدالعزيز الرنتيسي) (october 23, 1947 - april 17, 2004) was the co-founder of the palestinian resistance organization hamas.	dr. abdel aziz al-rantissi (in the arabic script عبدالعزيز الرنتيسي) (october 23, 1947 - april 17, 2004) was the co-founder of the palestinian paramilitary organization hamas.
her game is built largely around her powerful groundstrokes.	her game is built largely around her groundstrokes.
the number of party members has increased enormously since then.	the number of party members has increased since then.
aisling bea (born aisling o'sullivan in 1984) is an irish actress, comedienne and writer; she grew up in kildare.	aisling bea (born aisling o'sullivan in 1984) is an irish actress, comedian and writer; she grew up in kildare.
john julius cooper, 2nd viscount norwich cvo (born 15 september 1929), known as john julius norwich, is an english popular historian, travel writer and television personality.	john julius cooper, 2nd viscount norwich cvo (born 15 september 1929), known as john julius norwich, is an english historian, travel writer and television personality.
it was compiled and released in 2002, two years after the singer's tragic demise from cancer in march 2000.	it was compiled and released in 2002, two years after the singer's demise from cancer in march 2000.
the battle was the final act in a series of violent clashes that have also been termed the redneck war, from the color of bandannas worn by the miners around their necks for friend-or-foe identification, a war some inaccurately claim was the impetus of the common usage of the original scottish term redneck in the vernacular of the united states.	the battle was the final act in a series of violent clashes that have also been termed the redneck war, from the color of bandannas worn by the miners around their necks for friend-or-foe identification, a war some claim was the impetus of the common usage of the original scottish term redneck in the vernacular of the united states.
early muslim conquests in the years following muhammad's death led to the creation of the caliphates, occupying a vast geographical area; conversion to islam was boosted by missionary activities, particularly those of imams, who easily intermingled with local populations to propagate the religious teachings.	early muslim conquests in the years following muhammad's death led to the creation of the caliphates, occupying a vast geographical area; conversion to islam was boosted by missionary activities, particularly those of imams, who intermingled with local populations to propagate the religious teachings.
the malevolent feudal party told her that if she wanted the trees to be spared, she would have to give them money as a bribe.	the feudal party told her that if she wanted the trees to be spared, she would have to give them money as a bribe.
china syndrome refers to the result of of a nuclear meltdown, from the humorously exaggerated and stupid notion that molten reactor material would burrow from the united states through the center of the earth and emerge in china, as popularized by the 1979 film, the china syndrome.	china syndrome refers to the result of of a nuclear meltdown, from the humorously exaggerated and incorrect notion that molten reactor material would burrow from the united states through the center of the earth and emerge in china, as popularized by the 1979 film, the china syndrome.
director and narrator alex jones interviewed haw and even joined in his protest of parliament by facetiously answering haw's inquiry, via megaphone, about the statue of liberty by saying she'd been picked up on suspicion that she was a member of al-qaeda.	director and narrator alex jones interviewed haw and even joined in his protest of parliament by answering haw's inquiry, via megaphone, about the statue of liberty by saying she'd been picked up on suspicion that she was a member of al-qaeda.
on 30 january 2006, per david cameron's instructions, hague travelled to brussels for talks to pull conservative party meps out of the federalist european people's partyeuropean democrats (epp-ed) group in the european parliament.	on 30 january 2006, per david cameron's instructions, hague travelled to brussels for talks to pull conservative party meps out of the european people's partyeuropean democrats (epp-ed) group in the european parliament.
in july 2012, she released her 3d autobiographical documentary film, katy perry: part of me, which concentrated on her life as a touring artist and the breakdown of her one-year marriage to controversial english actor/comedian russell brand.	in july 2012, she released her 3d autobiographical documentary film, katy perry: part of me, which concentrated on her life as a touring artist and the breakdown of her one-year marriage to english actor/comedian russell brand.
her close friend and protege was elizabeth bradford holbrook whom before her passing she gifted several artistic tools.	her close friend and protege was elizabeth bradford holbrook whom before her death she gifted several artistic tools.
james barbour, is a singer and an actor.	james barbour, is a singer and broadway actor.
france opposed many u.s. positions and actions, in particular the 2003 entrance into iraq.	france opposed many u.s. positions and actions, in particular the 2003 invasion into iraq.
cocaine and heroin were found to be dangerous addictive drugs, and their wide usage had been outlawed, and mind- expanding drugs such as lsd and mdma were discovered.	cocaine and heroin were found to be dangerous addictive drugs, and their wide usage had been outlawed, and mind- altering drugs such as lsd and mdma were discovered.
broadway and central park west are busy north/south thoroughfares through the neighborhood.	broadway and central park west are north/south thoroughfares through the neighborhood.
"thatcher made her mark as a conference speaker in 1966, with a hysterical attack on the high-tax policies of the labour government as being steps ""not only towards socialism, but towards communism""."	"thatcher made her mark as a conference speaker in 1966, with a strong attack on the high-tax policies of the labour government as being steps ""not only towards socialism, but towards communism""."
as with wild things 2, most of the plot is recycled from the original, including the hot threesome scene.	as with wild things 2, most of the plot is recycled from the original, including the threesome scene.
however, a few extreme conservative christians single out the music genres of hip hop and rock as well as blues and jazz as containing jungle beats, or jungle music, and claim that it is a beat or musical style that is inherently evil, immoral, and/or sensual.	however, a few conservative christians single out the music genres of hip hop and rock as well as blues and jazz as containing jungle beats, or jungle music, and claim that it is a beat or musical style that is inherently evil, immoral, and/or sensual.
...that rubrics were originally anything written in red letters in a manuscript, but now most often mean instructions, especially for officiating clergy, or even scoring tools for tests in education?	...that rubrics were originally anything written in red letters in a manuscript, but now most often mean instructions, especially for officiating clergy, or scoring tools for tests in education?
medicare and medicaid reforms	medicare and medicaid changes
former shreveport mayor jim gardner, in his memoirs, recalls fascinating details of the morrison funeral:	former shreveport mayor jim gardner, in his memoirs, recalls details of the morrison funeral:
she and her husband, harold, became involved in the sport of horse racing in 1940. after her husband's passing in 1981 she continued buying, breeding and racing thoroughbreds with her son-in-law, bentley smith, managing the operation for her.	she and her husband, harold, became involved in the sport of horse racing in 1940. after her husband's death in 1981 she continued buying, breeding and racing thoroughbreds with her son-in-law, bentley smith, managing the operation for her.
this period marked a massive suburban expansion available primarily to whites of both wealthy and working class backgrounds facilitated by rising incomes, taxpayer-funded highway construction and the availability of federally-guaranteed home mortgages (va, fha, holc) which made it easier for families to buy new homes but not rent apartments.	this period marked a massive suburban expansion available primarily to whites of both wealthy and working class backgrounds facilitated by rising incomes, highway construction and the availability of federally-guaranteed home mortgages (va, fha, holc) which made it easier for families to buy new homes but not rent apartments.
"the usa freedom act was supposed to end the bulk collection of americans' metadata, end the secret laws created by the fisa court, and introduce a ""special advocate"" to represent public and privacy matters."	"the usa freedom act was meant to end the bulk collection of americans' metadata, end the secret laws created by the fisa court, and introduce a ""special advocate"" to represent public and privacy matters."
paula poundstone (born december 29, 1959) is an american stand-up comedienne , author, actress, interviewer, and commentator.	paula poundstone (born december 29, 1959) is an american stand-up comedian , author, actress, interviewer, and commentator.
the rolls-royce phantom is a british ultra-luxury saloon automobile made by rolls-royce motor cars, in the united kingdom.	the rolls-royce phantom is a british saloon automobile made by rolls-royce motor cars, in the united kingdom.
"it should be noted, however, that adams has laughably denied moloney's claims, calling them ""libellous."""	"it should be noted, however, that adams has denied moloney's claims, calling them ""libellous."""
though it was not ruled by an emperor and declared itself anti-imperialist, the soviet union exhibited certain imperialistic tendencies common to historic empires:	though it was not ruled by an emperor and declared itself anti-imperialist, the soviet union exhibited certain tendencies common to historic empires:
mark belling (born july 4, 1956 in kaukauna, wisconsin) is a gay conservative milwaukee, wisconsin radio talk-show host for 1130 wisn.	mark belling (born july 4, 1956 in kaukauna, wisconsin) is a conservative milwaukee, wisconsin radio talk-show host for 1130 wisn.
according to the traditional view, these final chapters were written by the prophet isaiah, who spoke about a future situation of which he had prophetic knowledge.	according to the traditional view, these final chapters were written by the same author isaiah, who spoke about a future situation of which he had prophetic knowledge.
the vessels retreat 3 hours later.	the vessels withdraw 3 hours later.
most recent parapsychology research is published only in niche journals dedicated to the field.	most recent parapsychology research is published only in journals dedicated to the field.
the season ended when the baltimore colts defeated the cleveland browns in the nfl championship game, only to be upset by the american football league's new york jets in super bowl iii 16-7 at the miami orange bowl.	the season ended when the baltimore colts defeated the cleveland browns in the nfl championship game, only to be defeated by the american football league's new york jets in super bowl iii 16-7 at the miami orange bowl.
the number of native american dead is unknown, while estimates of settlers massacred range between 300 and 800—one of the largest tolls on american civilians to ever occur.	the number of native american dead is unknown, while estimates of settlers who died range between 300 and 800—one of the largest tolls on american civilians to ever occur.
in al-jazari's tretise, he describes one of his water clocks, the elephant clock, which was inspired by archimedes' clock.	in al-jazari's tretise, he describes one of his water clocks, the elephant clock, which may have been partly inspired by archimedes' clock.
knight auditioned for the show, expecting only a one-season run.	knight auditioned for the show, expecting a one-season run.
as of 1995, the organization claims over 4 million people became buddhists through lu.	as of 1995, the organization estimates that over 4 million people became buddhists through lu.
"nicolae ceauescu (ipa , in english, sometimes (and erroneously) ) (january 26, 1918–december 25,1989) was the leader of communist romania from 1965 until december, 1989. that month, he was placed on show trial and convicted for crimes against the state, genocide, and ""undermining the national economy."""	"nicolae ceauescu (ipa , in english, sometimes (and erroneously) ) (january 26, 1918–december 25,1989) was the leader of communist romania from 1965 until december, 1989. that month, he was placed on trial and convicted for crimes against the state, genocide, and ""undermining the national economy."""
human rights abuses in post-saddam iraq	human rights situation in post-saddam iraq
but links to collins' murder threaten to expose the bentley family's plans.	links to collins' murder threaten to expose the bentley family's plans.
americans generally backpack less than do other westerners, leading to the common misperception among backpackers that americans are not well travelled.	americans generally backpack less than do other westerners, leading to the common perception among backpackers that americans are not well travelled.
"vangaalen is also an accomplished illustrator and animator, and has made animated music videos to accompany several of his songs, including ""clinically dead"", ""flower gardens"", and ""red hot drops"", as well as the love as laughter song ""dirty lives""."	"vangaalen is also an illustrator and animator, and has made animated music videos to accompany several of his songs, including ""clinically dead"", ""flower gardens"", and ""red hot drops"", as well as the love as laughter song ""dirty lives""."
afar is a major travel publication focused on experiential travel based in the united states.	afar is a travel publication focused on experiential travel based in the united states.
in 2005, kenny brck was presented the award for coming back after a horrifying crash in the 2003 irl race at texas motor speedway.	in 2005, kenny brck was presented the award for coming back after a crash in the 2003 irl race at texas motor speedway.
"before the living specimens were discovered, it was believed by evolutionists that the coelacanth was a ""missing link"" between the fish and the tetrapods."	"before the living specimens were discovered, it was believed by some that the coelacanth was a ""missing link"" between the fish and the tetrapods."
even under turkish control the straits have retained their strategic value; indeed british troops assembled in beykoz on their way to fight in the crimea in 1854.	under turkish control the straits have retained their strategic value; indeed british troops assembled in beykoz on their way to fight in the crimea in 1854.
a great view of the plateau can be seen from the top of kendrick peak, at 10,418 feet above sea level, located northwest of flagstaff.	a view of the plateau can be seen from the top of kendrick peak, at 10,418 feet above sea level, located northwest of flagstaff.
john clayton mayer (born october 16, 1977) is an amazing american singer-songwriter and guitarist.	john clayton mayer (born october 16, 1977) is an american singer-songwriter and guitarist.
george burwell utley (december 3, 1876 october 4, 1946) was an influential american librarian.	george burwell utley (december 3, 1876 october 4, 1946) was an american librarian.
in fact it has always reflected an odd mixture of the petrified english upper class, and the cultural ever-so-slightly-avant-garde.	in fact it has always reflected an odd mixture of the english upper class, and the cultural ever-so-slightly-avant-garde.
what would have been their fourth and final performance, in arad, israel, ended tragically when three of the spectators were crushed to death by the crowd before the band went onstage.	what would have been their fourth and final performance, in arad, israel, ended when three of the spectators were crushed to death by the crowd before the band went onstage.
new england routed the chargers, piling up 347 yards in the first half and scoring touchdowns on five of their first six possessions, which sent the patriots to the afc championship game for the eighth consecutive season.	new england defeated the chargers, piling up 347 yards in the first half and scoring touchdowns on five of their first six possessions, which sent the patriots to the afc championship game for the eighth consecutive season.
he then worked as an associate professor at sofia technical university and entered politics after the collapse of the berlin wall and the fall of the bulgarian communist dictator , todor zhivkov.	he then worked as an associate professor at sofia technical university and entered politics after the collapse of the berlin wall and the fall of the bulgarian communist leader , todor zhivkov.
"after the creation of ""the new tnn"", the program was strangely absent from all television."	"after the creation of ""the new tnn"", the program was absent from all television."
san ysidro ranch, a famous retreat ranch near santa barbara, california	san ysidro ranch, a retreat ranch near santa barbara, california
social psychologist donald t. campbell heavily criticized the report, arguing that it overstated the plausibility of genetic explanations and underestimated the extent of environmental differences between races.	social psychologist donald t. campbell criticized the report, arguing that it overstated the plausibility of genetic explanations and underestimated the extent of environmental differences between races.
north dakota is both a boring midwestern and western state in the united states.	north dakota is both a midwestern and western state in the united states.
atheism is generally defined either as the denial of the existence of deities and alternatively as the condition of being without theistic beliefs.	atheism is generally defined as the denial of the existence of deities and alternatively as the condition of being without theistic beliefs.
"legendary wings is set in a distant future where an alien supercomputer named ""dark"", which has been helping human civilization achieve a new state of enlightenment since ancient times, has suddenly rebelled against mankind ."	"legendary wings is set in a distant future where an alien supercomputer named ""dark"", which has been helping human civilization achieve a new state of enlightenment since ancient times, has suddenly rebelled against humankind ."
many authors argue that there is a link between the two, while others will argue that they have absolutely nothing to do with each other.	some authors argue that there is a link between the two, while others will argue that they have absolutely nothing to do with each other.
asserting the need to stop years of cross-border attacks from lebanon into israel by palestinian militants, israel invaded southern lebanon in 1978 and again in 1982 while lebanon was dealing with a civil war.	alleging the need to stop years of cross-border attacks from lebanon into israel by palestinian militants, israel invaded southern lebanon in 1978 and again in 1982 while lebanon was dealing with a civil war.
doki doki is a wonderful short film of different who get on a japanese train each day and one pair meets and becoming a couple.	doki doki is a short film of different who get on a japanese train each day and one pair meets and becoming a couple.
for the most part, the territories occupied by the united states, france and the united kingdom became nominal democracies with market economies aligned with the united states, while the territories occupied by the soviet union became communist states aligned with the soviet union.	for the most part, the territories occupied by the united states, france and the united kingdom became democracies with market economies aligned with the united states, while the territories occupied by the soviet union became communist states aligned with the soviet union.
it was filmed in 2006, but its release was delayed until 2007-08. it is not officially endorsed by the owners of star trek, but has been covered on the official star trek website.	it was filmed in 2006, but its release was delayed until 2007-08. it is not officially endorsed by the rightsholders of star trek, but has been covered on the official star trek website.
the victim is kept locked in said barrel, forcing him to kneel in his own filth.	the criminal is kept locked in said barrel, forcing him to kneel in his own filth.
deleuze and guattari, in their 1972 classic anti-oedipus, stated that psychiatry and psychoanalysis, since their incept, have been affected by an incurable familialism, which is their ordinary bed and board.	deleuze and guattari, in their 1972 book anti-oedipus, stated that psychiatry and psychoanalysis, since their incept, have been affected by an incurable familialism, which is their ordinary bed and board.
because the pacific plate is the largest of all the tectonic plates on earth, crustal material at its western edge has had a long time since formation ( claims up to 170 million years) to compact and become very dense; hence its great height-difference relative to the higher-riding mariana plate, at the point where the pacific plate crust is subducted.	because the pacific plate is the largest of all the tectonic plates on earth, crustal material at its western edge has had a long time since formation (up to 170 million years) to compact and become very dense; hence its great height-difference relative to the higher-riding mariana plate, at the point where the pacific plate crust is subducted.
"they divorced in 1909 and on september 9, 1911, john jacob ""jack"" astor iv married madeleine talmage force, an 18-year-old beauty one year younger than vincent."	"they divorced in 1909 and on september 9, 1911, john jacob ""jack"" astor iv married madeleine talmage force, an 18-year-old woman one year younger than vincent."
foundation for a drug-free world is an anti-drug organization with links to and funded by the corrupt church of scientology.	foundation for a drug-free world is an anti-drug organization with links to and funded by the church of scientology.
gimbel brothers (gimbels) was an iconic american department store corporation from 1887 through the late 20th century.	gimbel brothers (gimbels) was an american department store corporation from 1887 through the late 20th century.
the exxonmobil climate change controversy concerns exxonmobil's activities related to climate change, especially their promotion of climate change denial .	the exxonmobil climate change controversy concerns exxonmobil's activities related to climate change, especially their promotion of climate change skepticism .
the griffith family, as well as cedric sandiford, retained the services of alton h. maddox and c. vernon mason, two controversial attorneys who would become involved in the tawana brawley affair the following year.	the griffith family, as well as cedric sandiford, retained the services of alton h. maddox and c. vernon mason, two attorneys who would become involved in the tawana brawley affair the following year.
he was trained by lee strasberg at the world-famous actor's studio.	he was trained by lee strasberg at the actor's studio.
powerful pro-vegetarian commercials aired on mtv stations nationwide	pro-vegetarian commercials aired on mtv stations nationwide
"the term ""fuel cell"""	"term ""fuel cell"""
sadly this show may have been lost forever as the bbc archive no longer has it according to the bbc.	this show may have been lost forever as the bbc archive no longer has it according to the bbc.
during november tonge along with lord ahmed, clare short and some other european mps, broke through the illegal siege of gaza by boat and visited gaza.	during november tonge along with lord ahmed, clare short and some other european mps, broke through the siege of gaza by boat and visited gaza.
sadly much of the original interior wood paneling and decor was removed when the house was extensively modernised to accommodate a conference centre and training facilities.	much of the original interior wood paneling and decor was removed when the house was extensively modernised to accommodate a conference centre and training facilities.
albert kesselring served as commander of luftflotte 2 and took part in the infamous rotterdam blitz.	albert kesselring served as commander of luftflotte 2 and took part in the controversial rotterdam blitz.
he left the station in 1957 after receiving advice from station manager (and future capital cities chairman) thomas s. murphy that he should take his great talents to hollywood.	he left the station in 1957 after receiving advice from station manager (and future capital cities chairman) thomas s. murphy that he should take his talents to hollywood.
anthony mundine, champion boxer	anthony mundine, boxer
famous dancer liu yan fell during practice on july 27, 2008 and sustained injuries.	dancer liu yan fell during practice on july 27, 2008 and sustained injuries.
antnio calvrio da paz (born 17 october 1938, in mozambique) is a famous portuguese singer and artist from the late 1950s and 1960s.	antnio calvrio da paz (born 17 october 1938, in mozambique) is a portuguese singer and artist from the late 1950s and 1960s.
the air force accomplished hundreds of missions, contributing to romania's liberation of northern bukovina and bessarabia, which had previously been under soviet control.	the air force accomplished hundreds of missions, contributing to romania's recapture of northern bukovina and bessarabia, which had previously been under soviet control.
other researchers question the reliability of the fugate confession and point to evidence that the plates could have been authentic.	some mormon researchers question the reliability of the fugate confession and point to evidence that the plates could have been authentic.
she acted as a comedienne in several hindi films during the 1970s and 1980s, and died unmarried in 2012.	she acted as a comedian in several hindi films during the 1970s and 1980s, and died unmarried in 2012.
other attractive titles from the film were omitted, but surfaced on the concurrent vinyl edition.	other titles from the film were omitted, but surfaced on the concurrent vinyl edition.
"among american scientists (not necessarily working in fields connected with evolution), 5% believed in biblically literal creation, 40% believed in ""theistic evolution"", and 55% believed in ""naturalistic evolution"" ."	"the website religioustolerance.org claims that gallup also found that of american scientists (not necessarily working in fields connected with evolution), 5% believed in biblically literal creation, 40% believed in ""theistic evolution"", and 55% believed in ""naturalistic evolution"" ."
ugandans deeply feared the prospect of an east african federation dominated by the racist settlers of kenya, which was then in the midst of the bitter mau mau uprising.	ugandans deeply feared the prospect of an east african federation dominated by the settlers of kenya, which was then in the midst of the bitter mau mau uprising.
the adam smith institute is a member of the controversial stockholm network.	the adam smith institute is a member of the stockholm network.
andy timmons (born 26 july, 1963) is an american virtuoso guitarist who has played in the bands danger danger, pawn kings, and andy timmons band (atb).	andy timmons (born 26 july, 1963) is an american guitarist who has played in the bands danger danger, pawn kings, and andy timmons band (atb).
"meet the spartans is a hilarious 2008 spoof/parody from ""the 2 of 6 scary movie writers"" jason friedberg and aaron seltzer and is a follow-up to their 2007 film epic movie."	"meet the spartans is a 2008 spoof/parody from ""the 2 of 6 scary movie writers"" jason friedberg and aaron seltzer and is a follow-up to their 2007 film epic movie."
some viewers claim that these kind of actions are not only illegal , but lives could be lost if one of the ships sinks.	some viewers claim that these kind of actions are not only , but lives could be lost if one of the ships sinks.
"she is best known for her ""untraditional portraitures of celebrities and personalities""."	"she is known for her ""untraditional portraitures of celebrities and personalities""."
the philosophical madonna on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of hannah arendt's death, daniel cohn-bendit recalls his relationship with the great philosopher and reflects on her and on his generation at signandsight.com	the philosophical madonna on the occasion of the 30th anniversary of hannah arendt's death, daniel cohn-bendit recalls his relationship with the philosopher and reflects on her and on his generation at signandsight.com
the roger award for the worst transnational corporation operating in new zealand is an annual media campaign run since 1997 by two left-wing activist organisations, campaign against foreign control of aotearoa and gatt watchdog.	the roger award for the worst transnational corporation operating in new zealand is an annual media campaign run since 1997 by two activist organisations, campaign against foreign control of aotearoa and gatt watchdog.
he is respected singer-songwriter in country music, western music (north america), and popular music.	he is singer-songwriter in country music, western music (north america), and popular music.
there is evidence that the picture may have originally portrayed the titan with a partially erect penis, but, if ever present, this disturbing addition was lost due to the deterioration of the mural over time or during the transfer to canvas; in the picture today the area around his groin is indistinct.	there is evidence that the picture may have originally portrayed the titan with a partially erect penis, but, if ever present, this addition was lost due to the deterioration of the mural over time or during the transfer to canvas; in the picture today the area around his groin is indistinct.
brownie (u.s.) a. a person of mixed white and negro ancestry; a mulatto.	brownie (u.s.) a. a person of mixed white and black ancestry; a mulatto.
in 1996 the east riding of yorkshire was reformed as a unitary authority area and a ceremonial county, as well as the insertion of the yorkshire and the humber region of government office covering most, but not all of the former county, with calls for complete reinsertion remaning.	in 1996 the east riding of yorkshire was reformed as a unitary authority area and a ceremonial county, as well as the insertion of the yorkshire and the humber region of government office covering most, but not all of the historic county, with calls for complete reinsertion remaning.
the date of organization of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints by joseph smith, jr.. also the date on which the church teaches that jesus christ was born.	the date of organization of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints by joseph smith, jr.. also the date on which the church teaches that jesus was born.
wales has produced some great world class snooker players such as ray reardon, terry griffiths, mark williams and matthew stevens.	wales has produced some world class snooker players such as ray reardon, terry griffiths, mark williams and matthew stevens.
as a result of this disaster , all of syria lay open to the muslim arabs.	as a result of this, all of syria lay open to the muslim arabs.
after his passing in february, 2010, the mays was founded by his wife, maureen may, a former music director at millennium middle school, strings teacher at trinity preparatory school, and cellist in the orlando philharmonic orchestra and the bach festival, and close friend and colleague, michael miller, director of music activities at the geneva school, artistic director of the central florida youth orchestra, and former associate conductor of the florida young artists orchestra from 2000-2010.	after his death in february, 2010, the mays was founded by his wife, maureen may, a former music director at millennium middle school, strings teacher at trinity preparatory school, and cellist in the orlando philharmonic orchestra and the bach festival, and close friend and colleague, michael miller, director of music activities at the geneva school, artistic director of the central florida youth orchestra, and former associate conductor of the florida young artists orchestra from 2000-2010.
juba is the nickname that the multinational forces in iraq have given to a supposed member of the iraqi insurgency who is alleged to be an accurate sniper, having killed and wounded up to a hundred united states soldiers.	juba is the nickname that the multinational forces in iraq have given to a supposed member of the iraqi insurgency who is alleged to be an accurate sniper, claiming to have killed and wounded up to a hundred united states soldiers.
other colourful local expressions include:	other local expressions include:
a bridge too far was responsible for bringing to the general public's attention the full extent of this massive operation, including a catalogue of errors and miscalculations, whilst highlighting the extreme bravery of the participants.	a bridge too far was responsible for bringing to the general public's attention the full extent of this massive operation, including a catalogue of errors and miscalculations, whilst highlighting the bravery of the participants.
mandolin virtuoso chris thile is known to have recently acquired a 1924 f5 signed by loar.	mandolin player chris thile is known to have recently acquired a 1924 f5 signed by loar.
today, it is a developing nation and in the midst of a civil war.	today, it is a developing nation , believed by some to be in the midst of a civil war.
robert r. barefoot (born 1944) is a controversial proponent of alternative medicine and a self claimed expert of calcium.	robert r. barefoot (born 1944) is a proponent of alternative medicine and a self claimed expert of calcium.
"meanwhile, scholars continue to debate the broader question of ""why japan surrendered,"" attributing the surrender to a number of possible reasons including: the atomic bombings, the soviet invasion of manchuria, and japan's depleted resources."	"meanwhile, many parties continue to debate the broader question of ""why japan surrendered,"" attributing the surrender to a number of possible reasons including: the atomic bombings, the soviet invasion of manchuria, and japan's depleted resources."
hermione baddeley, with her husband rented the manor and used it as a venue for unrestrained parties.	hermione baddeley, with her husband rented the manor and used it as a venue for parties.
architecturally, the building blends in with the older gothic revival buildings of the city college campus, designed by noted architect george b. post around 1900 to create a setting that came to be known as the poor mans harvard.	architecturally, the building blends in with the older gothic revival buildings of the city college campus, designed by architect george b. post around 1900 to create a setting that came to be known as the poor mans harvard.
in february 2010 the german constitutional court (bundesverfassungsgericht) rejected an injunction petition to halt the lhc's operation as unfounded, without even hearing the case, stating that the opponents had failed to produce plausible evidence for their theories.	in february 2010 the german constitutional court (bundesverfassungsgericht) rejected an injunction petition to halt the lhc's operation as unfounded, without hearing the case, stating that the opponents had failed to produce plausible evidence for their theories.
some feeble seeds of this possible evolution might be seen in certain international organizations such as the united nations and the european union.	some seeds of this possible evolution might be seen in certain international organizations such as the united nations and the european union.
"the result of the episode was the creation of a ""koop report"", which was not researched, written, or approved by koop, and which koop never used to assert the indisputable safety of induced abortion."	"the result of the episode was the creation of a ""koop report"", which was not researched, written, or approved by koop, and which koop never used to assert the safety of induced abortion."
the church of sweden was established by gustav i of sweden and within the half century following his death was established as a lutheran state church with excessive power in swedish society, itself under the control of the state apparatus.	the church of sweden was established by gustav i of sweden and within the half century following his death was established as a lutheran state church with significant power in swedish society, itself under the control of the state apparatus.
the following is a list of famous british pakistanis, namely notable citizens or residents of the united kingdom whose ethnic origins lie in pakistan:	the following is a list of notable british pakistanis, namely notable citizens or residents of the united kingdom whose ethnic origins lie in pakistan:
"despite the beer industry's ""risk-taking"" marketing ploy , overall alcohol consumption has declined in recent years among all age groups."	"despite the beer industry's ""risk-taking"" marketing technique , overall alcohol consumption has declined in recent years among all age groups."
the acehnese revolted soon after its inclusion into an independent indonesia, a situation created by a complex mix of what the acehnese fairly regarded as transgressions against and betrayals of their rights.	the acehnese revolted soon after its inclusion into an independent indonesia, a situation created by a complex mix of what the acehnese regarded as transgressions against and betrayals of their rights.
redirect template: disputed -section	redirect template: pov -section
southern illinois university edwardsville is located on of beautiful trees and lakes (one of the largest campuses in the u.s. by land area).	southern illinois university edwardsville is located on of trees and lakes (one of the largest campuses in the u.s. by land area).
born in golden, colorado, coors graduated from phillips exeter academy and then from cornell university with a degree in engineering, and was a member of the psi upsilon fraternity and was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.	born in golden, colorado, coors graduated from phillips exeter academy and then from cornell university with a degree in engineering, and was a member of the psi upsilon fraternity and was elected to the sphinx head society.
"robert spencer writes that muhammad was instructed to take no prisoners, but also suggests that this prohibition ""doesn't seem to be absolute"", noting that in another verse ""allah gives the muslims permission to take the wives of those they have slain in battle as concubines."""	"robert spencer writes that muhammad was instructed to take no prisoners, but also suggests that this prohibition ""doesn't seem to be absolute"", claiming that in another verse ""allah gives the muslims permission to take the wives of those they have slain in battle as concubines."""
one of the central characters of the novel, akili kuwale, provides a brilliant demonstration of this change and its implications, together with excellent characterization.	one of the central characters of the novel, akili kuwale, provides a demonstration of this change and its implications, together with excellent characterization.
page originally wanted former yes drummer bill bruford and fretless bass virtuoso pino palladino in the group; however, bruford was contracted to another label and palladino had tour commitments with singer paul young.	page originally wanted former yes drummer bill bruford and fretless bass ist pino palladino in the group; however, bruford was contracted to another label and palladino had tour commitments with singer paul young.
unfortunately , earnhardt elected to move hornaday's team up to the cup series in 2001 and hire michael waltrip to drive the car, and hornaday was released.	however , earnhardt elected to move hornaday's team up to the cup series in 2001 and hire michael waltrip to drive the car, and hornaday was released.
lyle helke was a standout girls coach in white bear mariner and white bear lake area high school for twenty years from 1975-2006.	lyle helke was a girls coach in white bear mariner and white bear lake area high school for twenty years from 1975-2006.
ronald l. baker (born june 30, 1937, in indianapolis, indiana) is an american folklorist, historian, scholar of literature and onomastics, educator, and great author.	ronald l. baker (born june 30, 1937, in indianapolis, indiana) is an american folklorist, historian, scholar of literature and onomastics, educator, and author.
the reaction to the sketch from media commentators was almost universally negative.	the reaction to the sketch from media commentators was almost negative.
the apprehension and illegal extradition out of argentina of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann in 1960. the mossad discovered that eichmann was in argentina and through surveillance, they confirmed that he had been living there under the name of ricardo klement.	the apprehension and extradition out of argentina of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann in 1960. the mossad discovered that eichmann was in argentina and through surveillance, they confirmed that he had been living there under the name of ricardo klement.
"in 1996, bell authored a notorious crypto-anarchist essay called ""assassination politics"", which detailed an elaborate assassination market in which anonymous benefactors could securely order hits of government officials."	"in 1996, bell authored a crypto-anarchist essay called ""assassination politics"", which detailed an elaborate assassination market in which anonymous benefactors could securely order hits of government officials."
mark knopfler obe (born 12 august 1949, glasgow, scotland) is a legendary british guitarist, singer, songwriter, record producer and film score composer.	mark knopfler obe (born 12 august 1949, glasgow, scotland) is a british guitarist, singer, songwriter, record producer and film score composer.
the leaky cauldron most popular harry potter news site	the leaky cauldron popular harry potter news site
yet another incident occurred in 1996, when a staff member was accused of attacking a patient by putting him in a choke hold and throwing him to the ground.	another incident occurred in 1996, when a staff member was accused of attacking a patient by putting him in a choke hold and throwing him to the ground.
upright=0.8|chandragupta's guru was brahmin chanakya, with whom he studied as a child and with whose counsel he built the empire (above: 1915 chanakya portrait).	upright=0.8|chandragupta's guru was chanakya, with whom he studied as a child and with whose counsel he built the empire (above: 1915 chanakya portrait).
the challenger catastrophe was one of the most dramatic historical events of the 1980s.	the challenger catastrophe was one of the most dramatic historical events to take place in the united states during the 1980s.
the film also earned an oscar nomination for best animated feature, but it surprisingly lost to happy feet.	the film also earned an oscar nomination for best animated feature, but it lost to happy feet.
today, altoona serves as the corporate home to sheetz, widely considered by many to be the best convenience store chain in the united states.	today, altoona serves as the corporate home to sheetz, widely considered by many to be the fastest-growing convenience store chain in the united states.
the aim-54 phoenix was retired from usn service on september 30, 2004. f-14 tomcats were retired on september 22, 2006. they will nominally be replaced by shorter range aim-120 amraams, employed on the f/a-18e/f super hornet.	the aim-54 phoenix was retired from usn service on september 30, 2004. f-14 tomcats were retired on september 22, 2006. they will be replaced by shorter range aim-120 amraams, employed on the f/a-18e/f super hornet.
he was named his father's heir in a testament of 1253, the year of his father's passing and his succession.	he was named his father's heir in a testament of 1253, the year of his father's death and his succession.
he also co-founded the committee for the defense of the unjustly persecuted in 1979. his political activities resulted in multiple stays in prison, the longest being four years, and also subjected him to constant government surveillance and harassment .	he also co-founded the committee for the defense of the unjustly persecuted in 1979. his political activities resulted in multiple stays in prison, the longest being four years, and also subjected him to constant government surveillance and questioning .
the quartet toured australia with concerts and performances selling its lp to enthusiastic audiences in perth, western australia, hobart, adelaide, melbourne and geelong.	the quartet toured australia with concerts and performances selling its lp to audiences in perth, western australia, hobart, adelaide, melbourne and geelong.
"after 14 years as a political wife, she wrote in a change of heart, her book about depression, ""i associated john only with anger, fear and loneliness."""	"after 14 years as a political wife, she wrote in a change of heart, her book about depression, ""i associated politics only with anger, fear and loneliness."""
in 1965 he released unsafe at any speed, a study showing many american automobiles, especially those of general motors, to be structurally flawed.	in 1965 he released unsafe at any speed, a study claiming many american automobiles, especially those of general motors, to be structurally flawed.
one single that is notably missing is tomb of the unknown love from 1985's the heart of the marrer .	one single that is notably missing is tomb of the unknown love from 1985's the heart of the matter .
sir william withey gull, 1st baronet of brook street (31 december 1816 29 january 1890) was a prominent 19th-century english physician.	sir william withey gull, 1st baronet of brook street (31 december 1816 29 january 1890) was a 19th-century english physician.
in kitzmiller v. dover area school district (2005) united states federal court judge john e. jones iii concluded that intelligent design is not science and is essentially religious in nature.	in kitzmiller v. dover area school district (2005) united states federal court judge john e. jones iii ruled that intelligent design is not science and is essentially religious in nature.
"jesus then addresses mary as ""my mother, virgin undefiled"" which proves that joseph had no sexual relations with her, but had maintained the upmost respect for the mother of his lord jesus."	"jesus then addresses mary as ""my mother, virgin undefiled"" which proves that joseph had no sexual relations with her, but had maintained the utmost respect for the mother of his lord jesus."
(siberia, mongolia, kazakhstan, xinjiang, tibet, and qinghai), and the other 98% crowding the remaining half.	(siberia, mongolia, kazakhstan, xinjiang, tibet, and qinghai), and the other 98% living in the remaining half.
he then became secretary of the treasury from may 1972 to may 1974. it was during this period that schultz, along with paul volcker and arthur burns, supported the decision of the nixon administration to end the gold standard and the bretton woods system.	he then became secretary of the treasury from may 1972 to may 1974. it was during this period that schultz, along with paul volcker and arthur burns, was chiefly responsible for the decision of the nixon administration to end the gold standard and the bretton woods system.
the identity of the man is largely unknown, though according to some sources he is an italian man who is has been practicing anal expansion for years, as a bizzare hobby.	the identity of the man is largely unknown, though according to some sources he is an italian man who is has been practicing anal expansion for years, as a hobby.
she has made several appearances as various characters on the television drama law & order and the hbo comedy tracey takes on... opposite comedienne tracey ullman.	she has made several appearances as various characters on the television drama law & order and the hbo comedy tracey takes on... opposite comedian tracey ullman.
the movie eating raoul is a great comic send-up of swinging stereotypes.	the movie eating raoul is a comic send-up of swinging stereotypes.
kathryn bigelow (born november 27, 1951) is an eclectic american film director, working in the science fiction, action and horror genres.	kathryn bigelow (born november 27, 1951) is an american film director, working in the science fiction, action and horror genres.
ouellet is associated with communio, a journal of theology established by moderate-to-conservative catholics after the second vatican council, and with hans urs von balthasar, a conservative swiss theologian.	ouellet is associated with communio, a journal of theology established by moderate-to-conservative catholics after the second vatican council, and with hans urs von balthasar, a renowned twentieth century swiss theologian.
"after the meetings between western foreign ministers and iranian counterpart on 13 july 2014 prime minister of israel benjamin netanyahu in an interview with fox news warned that ""a bad deal is actually worse than no deal."""	"after the meetings between western foreign ministers and iranian counterpart on 13 july 2014 prime minister of israel benjamin netanyahu in an interview with fox news stated that ""a bad deal is actually worse than no deal."""
the complex origins of the war resulted from more than a century of conflict between the boers and the british empire, but of particular immediate importance was the question as to which white nation would control and benefit most from the very lucrative witwatersrand gold mines.	the complex origins of the war resulted from more than a century of conflict between the boers and the british empire, but of particular immediate importance was the question as to which nation would control and benefit most from the very lucrative witwatersrand gold mines.
considerable numbers of stopping places on the railway network were un-manned by railway personnel, and simply constituted a shed.	considerable numbers of stopping places on the railway network were unstaffed by railway personnel, and simply constituted a shed.
as with various other ethnic minorities who lived in the soviet union during stalin's great purge, tens of thousands of innocent armenians were either executed or deported.	as with various other ethnic minorities who lived in the soviet union during stalin's great purge, tens of thousands of armenians were either executed or deported.
as a result of the strike, weakened airline structure, inability to compete after deregulation and other financial problems, eastern filed for bankruptcy protection on march 9, 1989. this gave lorenzo breathing room, and allowed him to continue operating the airline with scabs .	as a result of the strike, weakened airline structure, inability to compete after deregulation and other financial problems, eastern filed for bankruptcy protection on march 9, 1989. this gave lorenzo breathing room, and allowed him to continue operating the airline with non-union employees .
hadfield's autobiography, an astronaut's guide to life on earth: what going to space taught me about ingenuity, determination, and being prepared for anything (2013) deals with his professional life and work, and with copious examples from the lead-up to his command of expedition 35.	hadfield's autobiography, an astronaut's guide to life on earth: what going to space taught me about ingenuity, determination, and being prepared for anything (2013) deals with his professional life and work, and with numerous examples from the lead-up to his command of expedition 35.
beautiful competition -size swimming pool with on-duty life guard	competition -size swimming pool with on-duty life guard
china southern captain how, jien-hwa confided that when the historical first-arrived-in-taiwan charter flight cz3097 reached the taipei flight information region, he and the controller communicated in chinese most of the time with very little english.	china southern captain how, jien-hwa confided that when the first-arrived-in-taiwan charter flight cz3097 reached the taipei flight information region, he and the controller communicated in chinese most of the time with very little english.
the upper basin once contained vast freshwater marshes that provided habitat for abundant wildlife, including millions of migratory birds; now it is largely agricultural due to detrimental european settling, while the mountainous lower basin remains wild.	the upper basin once contained vast freshwater marshes that provided habitat for abundant wildlife, including millions of migratory birds; now it is largely agricultural due to european settling, while the mountainous lower basin remains wild.
in 58 bc, the demagogue publius clodius pulcher introduced a law exiling any man who had put roman citizens to death without trial.	in 58 bc, the populist publius clodius pulcher introduced a law exiling any man who had put roman citizens to death without trial.
after another siege, on september 23, 1654 the smolensk was returned to russia as the polish garrison left the city.	after another siege, on september 23, 1654 smolensk was returned to russia as the polish garrison left the city.
this explains the cylindrical shape of the trunk (almost constant diameter) that is often seen in palms, unlike in true trees.	this explains the cylindrical shape of the trunk (almost constant diameter) that is often seen in palms, unlike in ring-forming trees.
horowitz has recounted his ideological journey in a series of retrospectives, culminating with his 1996 memoir radical son: a generational odyssey.	horowitz has recounted his ideological shift in a series of retrospectives, culminating with his 1996 memoir radical son: a generational odyssey.
it reaffirms all major roman catholic doctrines, and declares the apocrypha to be canonical, along with the rest of the bible.	it reaffirms all major roman catholic doctrines, and declares the deuterocanonical_books to be canonical, along with the rest of the bible.
she is the second daughter of chiang chen, a hong kong pro-beijing entrepreneur.	she is the second daughter of chiang chen, a hong kong entrepreneur.
atrocity released the song on their cult album werk 80.	atrocity released the song on their album werk 80.
1,010 israelis were killed between september 29, 2000 and january 1, 2005. of these, 773 were civilians killed in palestinian attacks, resulting in a ratio of approximately 5:1. according to official statistics from the ministry of information in ramallah, 1,518 palestinian children were killed by israeli occupation forces from the start of the second intifada in september 2000 and april 2013.	1,010 israelis were killed between september 29, 2000 and january 1, 2005. of these, 773 were civilians killed in palestinian attacks, resulting in a ratio of approximately 5:1. according to official statistics from the ministry of information in ramallah, 1,518 palestinian children were killed by israeli military forces from the start of the second intifada in september 2000 and april 2013.
"one of his best-known essays is his 1961 demolition of pierre teilhard de chardin's the phenomenon of man, of which he said: ""its author can be excused of dishonesty only on the grounds that before deceiving others he has taken great pains to deceive himself""."	"one of his best-known essays is his 1961 criticism of pierre teilhard de chardin's the phenomenon of man, of which he said: ""its author can be excused of dishonesty only on the grounds that before deceiving others he has taken great pains to deceive himself""."
ilmur is a great supporter of unicef iceland and once traveled to mozambique with the organisation.	ilmur is a supporter of unicef iceland and once traveled to mozambique with the organisation.
a communist state is a controversial term for a state governed by a single political party which declares its allegiance to the principles of marxism-leninism.	a communist state is a term for a state governed by a single political party which declares its allegiance to the principles of marxism-leninism.
during the war, the battleship had no active missions, since it was impossible to engage the enemy: it performed 966 hours of training exercises compared to only 40 hours spent in 3 war actions.	during the war, the battleship had no active missions, since it was impossible to engage the enemy: it performed 966 hours of training exercises compared to 40 hours spent in 3 war actions.
fairfield high, has all 5a sports teams and a great music program.	fairfield high, has all 5a sports teams and a music program.
helms was a supporter of the late chilean dictator augusto pinochet.	helms was a supporter of the late chilean president augusto pinochet.
physicists use a weird convention where the lie bracket of two real vectors is an imaginary vector.	physicists use a different convention where the lie bracket of two real vectors is an imaginary vector.
since their unification into silla and balhae in the 7th century, korea enjoyed over a millennium of relative tranquility under long lasting dynasties with innovations like hangul, the unique alphabet created by sejong the great in 1446, enabling anyone to easily learn to read and write.	since their unification into silla and balhae in the 7th century, korea enjoyed over a millennium of relative tranquility under long lasting dynasties with creations like hangul, the unique alphabet created by sejong the great in 1446, enabling anyone to easily learn to read and write.
a few nice photos of fez	a few photos of fez
the city is a popular day or weekend trip from madrid, to which it is conveniently connected by rail (renfe) and by bus (auto res 2 hour or 2:30 hour trip duration).	the city is a popular day or weekend trip from madrid, to which it is connected by rail (renfe) and by bus (auto res 2 hour or 2:30 hour trip duration).
the two most telling passages are 1 samuel 18:3-4 (tniv):	the two most significant passages are 1 samuel 18:3-4 (tniv):
focus on the family opposes abortion, divorce, gambling, gay rights , pornography, pre-marital sex, and substance abuse.	focus on the family opposes abortion, divorce, gambling, gay special interests , pornography, pre-marital sex, and substance abuse.
hartman was tragically murdered by his wife, brynn, on may 28, 1998, in his encino, california home.	hartman was murdered by his wife, brynn, on may 28, 1998, in his encino, california home.
mission: impossible (film series), a series of films loosely based upon the television series:	mission: impossible (film series), a series of films based upon the television series:
she had previously been operated on and treated for breast cancer, which she apparently overcame.	she had previously been operated on and treated for breast cancer, which she overcame.
due to the show's surprise ratings success , nbc has been able to sell more advertising on the rebroadcasts, as well as garner more sponsors for future episodes.	due to the show's ratings success , nbc has been able to sell more advertising on the rebroadcasts, as well as garner more sponsors for future episodes.
pranvera hoxha is the only daughter of enver and nexhmije hoxha, the communist dictator of albania and first lady of albania for forty years.	pranvera hoxha is the only daughter of enver and nexhmije hoxha, the communist leader of albania and first lady of albania for forty years.
clearly, the first islamic movement was that of the prophet muhammed.	clearly, the first islamic movement was that of the muhammed.
the orthodox celebrate him either on the sunday of the myrhbearing women (a variable date; the third sunday of pascha), or on august 2nd, the date when tradition states that his relics were found along with those of the apostle stephen, and gamaliel, another member of the sanhedrin who, according to myth , converted to christianity.	the orthodox celebrate him either on the sunday of the myrhbearing women (a variable date; the third sunday of pascha), or on august 2nd, the date when tradition states that his relics were found along with those of the apostle stephen, and gamaliel, another member of the sanhedrin who, according to tradition , converted to christianity.
"because of uci's lack of a football team and general apathy towards athletics, some dull students enjoy making sarcastic comments about how ""anteater football remains undefeated!"""	"because of uci's lack of a football team and general apathy towards athletics, some students enjoy making sarcastic comments about how ""anteater football remains undefeated!"""
neo-nazism borrows elements from nazi doctrine, including militant nationalism, racism, xenophobia, homophobia , antisemitism and initiating the fourth reich.	neo-nazism borrows elements from nazi doctrine, including militant nationalism, racism, xenophobia, anti-gay activism , antisemitism and initiating the fourth reich.
the name goa came to european languages from the portuguese invaders , but its precise origin is unclear.	the name goa came to european languages from the portuguese colonisers , but its precise origin is unclear.
tammy lee grimes (born january 30, 1934) is an american award-winning actress and singer.	tammy lee grimes (born january 30, 1934) is an american actress and singer.
some countries, for example, austria (federal police (austria)), and belgium (law enforcement in belgium), have a rationalised approach to law enforcement, but still have operationally separate units for federal law enforcement and divisional policing.	some countries, for example, austria (federal police (austria)), and belgium (law enforcement in belgium), have a relatively unified approach to law enforcement, but still have operationally separate units for federal law enforcement and divisional policing.
certain stores in downtown reykjavk accept some foreign currencies.	certain stores in central reykjavk accept some foreign currencies.
durham married writer and comedienne victoria wood in march 1980, but they separated in october 2002. the couple have a daughter called grace and a son called henry.	durham married writer and comedian victoria wood in march 1980, but they separated in october 2002. the couple have a daughter called grace and a son called henry.
"the slovenian government successfully presented the conflict as a case of a ""david versus goliath"" struggle between an emerging democracy and an authoritarian communist state, and the columns of yugoslav tanks inevitably brought to mind the events of the tiananmen square massacre only two years earlier."	"the slovenian government successfully presented the conflict as a case of a ""david versus goliath"" struggle between an emerging democracy and an authoritarian communist state, and the columns of yugoslav tanks inevitably brought to mind the events of the tiananmen square protests of 1989 only two years earlier."
the schools first principal was mother petra, who served as principal until her passing in 1939. the increasing need for catholic elementary education in rockville centre made the school soon outgrow their ten-room building.	the schools first principal was mother petra, who served as principal until her death in 1939. the increasing need for catholic elementary education in rockville centre made the school soon outgrow their ten-room building.
shortly afterwards serling sold his 40% share in the twilight zone to cbs, leaving the show and indeed all projects involving the supernatural behind him until 1969, when night gallery debuted.	shortly afterwards serling sold his 40% share in the twilight zone to cbs, leaving the show and all projects involving the supernatural behind him until 1969, when night gallery debuted.
eurabia is a social-political neologism about the gradual arabization and islamization of europe, and the european leaders' alleged capitulation to islamic influences.	eurabia is a social-political neologism about the alleged arabization and islamization of europe, and the european leaders' alleged capitulation to islamic influences.
it served in the eastern theater, predominantly in the vi corps, army of the potomac, from september 1861 to july 1865. it was a member of the famous vermont brigade.	it served in the eastern theater, predominantly in the vi corps, army of the potomac, from september 1861 to july 1865. it was a member of the vermont brigade.
maidan self-defense and right sector nazi militias detained russian separatists in odessa, who were in possession of chains, clubs, and guns.	maidan self-defense and right sector militias detained russian separatists in odessa, who were in possession of chains, clubs, and guns.
in contradistinction to many anarchist and left-communist accounts of the rebellion, moreover, defenders of the bolshevik policy such as abbie bakan have claimed that the kronstadt rebels were not the same sailors as those who had been revolutionary heroes in 1917.	in contradistinction to many anarchist and left-communist accounts of the rebellion, moreover, defenders of the bolshevik policy such as abbie bakan have pointed out that the kronstadt rebels were not the same sailors as those who had been revolutionary heroes in 1917.
the influx of peninsulares (spaniards born in spain) threatened the secularization of philippine churches and government positions traditionally held by the criollos.	the influx of peninsulares (spaniards born in spain) occupied the secularization of philippine churches and government positions traditionally held by the criollos.
in a decision on 28 june 2006, the united states supreme court upheld most of a texas congressional map engineered in 2003 by former house majority leader tom delay.	in a decision on 28 june 2006, the united states supreme court upheld most of a texas congressional map constructed in 2003 by former house majority leader tom delay.
on july 1, 2010, the patton college became the home of several excellent programs previously housed in the college of health and human services, creating two new departments: human and consumer science education, and recreation and sport pedagogy.	on july 1, 2010, the patton college became the home of several programs previously housed in the college of health and human services, creating two new departments: human and consumer science education, and recreation and sport pedagogy.
is an american pop singer-songwriter, actress , director and record producer.	is an american pop singer-songwriter, actor, director and record producer.
isa ( `s), often seen as isa, son of mary ( `s bin maryam) is the arabic name for jesus, who is one of the prophets of islam.	isa ( `s), often seen as isa, son of mary ( `s bin maryam) is the arabic name for jesus, who muslims believe to be one of the prophets of islam.
ingersoll is the hometown of prominent canadian author david manicom.	ingersoll is the hometown of canadian author david manicom.
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is a continuation of the church of christ, founded by joseph smith, jr. on april 6 1830 in either the manchester-palmyra area or fayette, new york.<!--	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints claims to be a continuation of the church of christ, founded by joseph smith, jr. on april 6 1830 in either the manchester-palmyra area or fayette, new york.<!--
he also recently co-authored with his father and coach, vittorio frangilli, a ground-breaking book on olympic archery technique entitled the heretic archer.	he also recently co-authored with his father and coach, vittorio frangilli, a book on olympic archery technique entitled the heretic archer.
"whistleblower edward snowden has used the term generally to refer to the influence of civil servants over elected officials: ""the deep state is not just the intelligence agencies, it is really a way of referring to the career bureaucracy of government."	"former nsa leaker edward snowden has used the term generally to refer to the influence of civil servants over elected officials: ""the deep state is not just the intelligence agencies, it is really a way of referring to the career bureaucracy of government."
the toy was subject to a multi-national product recall after some shipped toys were found to have been manufactured with a toxic chemical, which sickened and hospitalised children who foolishly ingested the beads.	the toy was subject to a multi-national product recall after some shipped toys were found to have been manufactured with a toxic chemical, which sickened and hospitalised children who ingested the beads.
"comedienne april winchell, author of the book, regretsy: where diy meets wtf, cataloged some of the most egregious and humorous examples on her website, ""regretsy""."	"comedian april winchell, author of the book, regretsy: where diy meets wtf, cataloged some of the most egregious and humorous examples on her website, ""regretsy""."
paul nkala, 53, zimbabwean journalist and freedom fighter, kidney failure.	paul nkala, 53, zimbabwean journalist and fighter, kidney failure.
supporters of the patriot act claim that these provisions are necessary in fighting the war on terrorism, while its detractors argue that the sections of title ii inordinately infringe upon individual rights and shift the united states toward being a police state.	supporters of the patriot act claim that these provisions are necessary in fighting the war on terrorism, while its detractors argue that the sections of title ii infringe upon individual rights and shift the united states toward being a police state.
denise celeste johnson (ne fox; previously turner and wicks) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by diane parish.	denise celeste johnson (ne fox; previously turner and wicks) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by diane parish.
fidel castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has ruled cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the government of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.	fidel castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the head of state in cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the government of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.
kahane adhered to the racist belief that there is no such thing as a palestinian people; that in fact the people who call themselves palestinian are a mixture of disparate and unrelated arab clans with no claim to ethnic identity, and that all native palestinian arabs seek the genocide of the israelis.	kahane adhered to the belief that there is no such thing as a palestinian people; that in fact the people who call themselves palestinian are a mixture of disparate and unrelated arab clans with no claim to ethnic identity, and that all native palestinian arabs seek the genocide of the israelis.
the inning ended when chase utley made a great diving catch and stumbled to second base for the the double play.	the inning ended when chase utley made a diving catch and stumbled to second base for the the double play.
malcolm does this all under blackmore's influence, and in revenge for torque beating him all the time.	cory does this all under blackmore's influence, and in revenge for torque beating him all the time.
the game features a cast full of stars , including ron perlman, lance henriksen, kris kristofferson, tom skerritt, brad dourif and the lead played by thomas jane.	the game features a cast full of notable actors , including ron perlman, lance henriksen, kris kristofferson, tom skerritt, brad dourif and the lead played by thomas jane.
the last match on 13 august 2005 ended with a glorious schalke victory of 2:1 in westfalenstadion	the last match on 13 august 2005 ended with a schalke victory of 2:1 in westfalenstadion
the british sitcom peep show is shown entirely through the viewpoints of the characters and even lets you hear the two lead character's thoughts in the scenes.	the british sitcom peep show is shown mostly through the viewpoints of the characters and even lets you hear the two lead character's thoughts in the scenes.
if released, it will be the band's first album of original studio material since the simultaneous release of use your illusion i and ii in 1991.	when released, it will be the band's first album of original studio material since the simultaneous release of use your illusion i and ii in 1991.
in practice, translators risk language contact spill-over of source-language idioms and usages into the target-language translation, which imports useful source-language calques and loanwords to the target language, thus enriching it .	in practice, translators risk language contact spill-over of source-language idioms and usages into the target-language translation, which imports useful source-language calques and loanwords to the target language, thus enriching the target language proper .
these unjustfied personal attacks drew a rebuke from the editorial board of new scientist.	these personal attacks drew a rebuke from the editorial board of new scientist.
branding, in the bdsm context, refers to a powerful method of creating bonding between partners by creating a permanent marking that is like a cattle brand on the body of the collared submissive by the dominant master.	branding, in the bdsm context, refers to a method of creating bonding between partners by creating a permanent marking that is like a cattle brand on the body of the collared submissive by the dominant master.
it's not cheating, but more unsporting.	it's not cheating, but is often considered unsporting.
thirty-four people were killed and property valued at about $30 million was destroyed, making the watts riots among the worst in american history.	thirty-four people were killed and property valued at about $30 million was destroyed, making the watts riots among the most expensive in american history.
smith, who names hem chandra the third claimant to the sovereignty of hindustan at the time (the other two being the suris and akbar), affirms that hemu after his occupation of delhi came to the conclusion that he had a better claim to the throne for himself rather than on behalf of adil shah and ventured to assume the royal state under the style of raja vikramaditya or vikramaditya, a title borne by several renowned hindu kings in ancient times.	smith, who names hem chandra the third claimant to the sovereignty of hindustan at the time (the other two being the suris and akbar), asserts that hemu after his occupation of delhi came to the conclusion that he had a better claim to the throne for himself rather than on behalf of adil shah and ventured to assume the royal state under the style of raja vikramaditya or vikramaditya, a title borne by several renowned hindu kings in ancient times.
psychosynthesis is a uniquely synthetic approach to psychology developed by roberto assagioli, m.d.	psychosynthesis is a synthetic approach to psychology developed by roberto assagioli, m.d.
this sandy forest road continues till mszano, but in a new suburb under szabda it turns into a paved road and subsequently a boring main road leading to brodnica.	this sandy forest road continues till mszano, but in a new suburb under szabda it turns into a paved road and subsequently a main road leading to brodnica.
blair butler (born 1978), american stand-up comedienne	blair butler (born 1978), american stand-up comedian
the college cup, comprising the semifinal and final matches, is played at a neutral site.	the college cup, comprising the semifinal and final matches, is played at a predetermined site.
the history of anonymous expression in political dissent is both long and honourable , as in the letters of junius or voltaire's candide, or scurrilous as in pasquinades.	the history of anonymous expression in political dissent is both long and with important effect is human history , as in the letters of junius or voltaire's candide, or scurrilous as in pasquinades.
solidarity (uk) was a revolutionary syndicalist-style organisation in the united kingdom which operated during the 1960s and 1970s.	solidarity (uk) was a revolutionary syndicalist organisation in the united kingdom which operated during the 1960s and 1970s.
naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is a british supermodel .	naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is a british model .
golovachev said oswald never talked about the dramatic circumstances of his arrival in moscow, his suicide attempt or any desire to have soviet citizenship.	golovachev said oswald never talked about the circumstances of his arrival in moscow, his suicide attempt or any desire to have soviet citizenship.
also: kristang, chinese languages , malay, tamil and other indian languages	also: kristang, chinese , malay, tamil and other indian languages
a video of a rally in 2000 shows bray pumping his fist in the air in support of the terrorist groups hamas and hezbollah.	a video of a rally in 2000 shows bray pumping his fist in the air in support of the groups hamas and hezbollah.
after the u.s. supreme court in boy scouts of america v. dale affirmed bsa's right to set their own membership standards, activists ran campaigns to have scouts denied access to public property.	after the u.s. supreme court in boy scouts of america v. dale affirmed bsa's right to set their own membership standards, some groups ran campaigns to have scouts denied access to public property.
after failing to reach elder adults whom he saw as already set in their ways, he found success with ignorant street youth.	after failing to reach elder adults whom he saw as already set in their ways, he found success with street youth.
"theft is more strongly hyperbolic, exaggerating the perceived harm of infringement to copyright holders who choose to exploit their copyrights for profit; it connotes a kind of loss which infringement probably does not actually effect, and the u.s. supreme court has even ruled that infringement does not ""easily"" equate with theft."	"theft is more strongly hyperbolic, exaggerating the perceived harm of infringement to copyright holders who choose to utilize their copyrights for profit; it connotes a kind of loss which infringement probably does not actually effect, and the u.s. supreme court has even ruled that infringement does not ""easily"" equate with theft."
sonic 3d blast {{}}	sonic 3d{{}}
abstraction-cration was a loose association of artists formed in paris in 1931 to counteract the influence of the powerful surrealist group led by andr breton.	abstraction-cration was a loose association of artists formed in paris in 1931 to counteract the influence of the surrealist group led by andr breton.
"through the thousand years of chinese history,the particular nature of chinese men is distilled down to a wise saying in traditional chinese folklore wisdom: ""wife is not as good as concubine, concubine is not as good as prostitute, prostitute is not as good as secret affair..."""	"through the thousand years of chinese history,the particular nature of chinese men is distilled down to a saying in traditional chinese folklore wisdom: ""wife is not as good as concubine, concubine is not as good as prostitute, prostitute is not as good as secret affair..."""
unfortunately , it does not work with non-tablet xp versions but represents an xp compatible equivalent.	however , it does not work with non-tablet xp versions but represents an xp compatible equivalent.
for his stellar 1971 season, bommarito was voted northern california's outstanding track athlete.	for his 1971 season, bommarito was voted northern california's outstanding track athlete.
a brilliant short story by robert sheckley shall we have a little talk?	a short story by robert sheckley shall we have a little talk?
julia morris, actress/ comedienne	julia morris, actress/ comedian
he became airborne and was thrown to the right side of the road some ten meters away, unfortunately crashing face down.	he became airborne and was thrown to the right side of the road some ten meters away, crashing face down.
"... ne andr lontana"" from cataloni 's opera la wally."	"... ne andr lontana"" from catalani 's opera la wally."
she was born in rouen of a good family; her father's name was desmares.	she was born in rouen of a wealthy family; her father's name was desmares.
patrols were dispatched to scout the battlefield, recover rifles, and look for survivors, many of whom were executed	patrols were dispatched to scout the battlefield, recover rifles, and look for survivors, many of whom were killed
on july 10, 2008 the russian government announced that the russian armed forces would start receiving new-generation tanks superior to the famed t-90 main battle tank after 2010.	on july 10, 2008 the russian government announced that the russian armed forces would start receiving new-generation tanks superior to the t-90 main battle tank after 2010.
snape is generally depicted as thoroughly cruel, unpleasant, highly sarcastic, and bitter.	snape is generally depicted as thoroughly cruel, unpleasant, sarcastic, and bitter.
chacho gaytn (born gonzalo gaytn barragan on january 5, 1969) is a great mexican musician and composer, member of sentidos opuestos, a famous group in mexico during the 90's decade.	chacho gaytn (born gonzalo gaytn barragan on january 5, 1969) is a mexican musician and composer, member of sentidos opuestos, a famous group in mexico during the 90's decade.
roy taught trumpet embouchure until his passing in october 1988.	roy taught trumpet embouchure until his death in october 1988.
members of a pro-russian association supporting the decision of the kharkiv city council to make the russian language official on the local level.	members of a russophone association supporting the decision of the kharkiv city council to make the russian language official on the local level.
unfortunately , hudson cement closed in 1980 and the kingston terminal railroad was dissolved, having never operated a single train.	however , hudson cement closed in 1980 and the kingston terminal railroad was dissolved, having never operated a single train.
chodakiewicz claims some 3500 to 6500 poles died in late 1940s because of jewish denunciations or were killed by jews themselves.	chodakiewicz noted that some 3500 to 6500 poles died in late 1940s because of jewish denunciations or were killed by jews themselves.
harborne is well served by the national express west midlands buses; 11a, 11c, 21a, 22, 23, 24, 29, 29a, 448, 636 and 821 all serve harborne .	harborne is served by the national express west midlands buses; 11a, 11c, 21a, 22, 23, 24, 29, 29a, 448, 636 and 821 all serve harborne .
lumines is a video game created by legendary game designer tetsuya mizuguchi.	lumines is a video game created by game designer tetsuya mizuguchi.
the oort cloud, correctly termed the pik-oort cloud, is a postulated spherical cloud of comets situated about 50,000 to 100,000 au from the sun.	the oort cloud, alternatively termed the pik-oort cloud, is a postulated spherical cloud of comets situated about 50,000 to 100,000 au from the sun.
it also cites violations by the chvez administration of articles 43, 57, 58, 68, 136, 141, 145, 204, 211, 254, 270, 273, 279, 294, 295 and 328 of the constitution, and it references the democratic charter of the organization of american states and chvez's resignation the day before.	it also alleges violations by the chvez administration of articles 43, 57, 58, 68, 136, 141, 145, 204, 211, 254, 270, 273, 279, 294, 295 and 328 of the constitution, and it references the democratic charter of the organization of american states and chvez's resignation the day before.
during the final phase of the eastern front in 19441945, 2,000 finns, 45,500 hungarians, and 270,000 germans were murdered by the red army.	during the final phase of the eastern front in 19441945, 2,000 finns, 45,500 hungarians, and 270,000 germans were killed by the red army.
the most extraordinary piece is the first song of the second part, the seven angels.	the most complex piece is the first song of the second part, the seven angels.
is atmosphere's breakthrough first album, released in 1998.	is atmosphere's first album, released in 1998.
jim kane (february 2, 1937-january 28, 2003) was a legendary nebraska high school football, basketball, track and cross country coach, and was named the states coach of the year in 1983, and was posthumously named to the states high school hall of fame.	jim kane (february 2, 1937-january 28, 2003) was a nebraska high school football, basketball, track and cross country coach, and was named the states coach of the year in 1983, and was posthumously named to the states high school hall of fame.
the primary criticism of atheism is that it denies the existence of any supreme being, commonly known as god or gods, for which, in the view of theist and deist critics, there are arguments, though atheists regard these as unconvincing.	the primary criticism of atheism is that it denies the existence of any supreme being, commonly known as god or gods, for which, in the view of theist and deist critics, there is a variety of long-established arguments, though atheists regard these as unconvincing.
on march 9 2014, pladeau announced he is running for election with the parti qubcois in the riding of saint-jrme though he was not known before to be a separatist .	on march 9 2014, pladeau announced he is running for election with the parti qubcois in the riding of saint-jrme though he was not known before to be a sovereignist .
baij nath puri is a famous historian from india .	baij nath puri is a historian from india.
in protest against what many residents consider unjust treatment from the state of vermont in tax and tourism development matters, killington voted in march 2004 (and again in march 2005) to pursue secession from vermont and admission into new hampshire, which lies 25 miles to the east.	in protest against what some residents consider unjust treatment from the state of vermont in tax and tourism development matters, killington voted in march 2004 (and again in march 2005) to pursue secession from vermont and admission into new hampshire, which lies 25 miles to the east.
peter was part of the sensational qpr team in 1966-67 that won both the third division championship and the league cup beating west bromwich albion 3-2 at wembley stadium on march 4 1967.	peter was part of the qpr team in 1966-67 that won both the third division championship and the league cup beating west bromwich albion 3-2 at wembley stadium on march 4 1967.
gavelkind was a peculiar system of land tenure associated chiefly with the county of kent, but found also in other parts of england.	gavelkind was a system of land tenure associated chiefly with the county of kent, but found also in other parts of england.
unlike previous generations in which nintendo bullied its third-party game developers, nintendo openly seeked game-development aid on nintendo gamecube.	unlike previous generations in which nintendo was seen by some to bully its third-party game developers, nintendo openly seeked game-development aid on nintendo gamecube.
as a young lad nicholson was christened 'the duke' by one of his father's grooms .	as a young lad nicholson was nicknamed 'the duke' by one of his father's grooms .
for example, washing a red shirt with white underwear can result in embarrassingly pink underwear.	for example, washing a red shirt with white underwear can result in pink underwear.
feminists have stated that the very notion of virginity is a sexist construct, since it is rarely applied to men, even in the conservative societies that prize virginity most highly.	feminists have claimed that the very notion of virginity is a sexist construct, since it is rarely applied to men, even in the conservative societies that prize virginity most highly.
michael stribling (born 1951) is an award-winning american musician, best known for his series of new age albums.	michael stribling (born 1951) is an american musician, best known for his series of new age albums.
the series debuted to amazing reviews.	the series debuted to positive reviews.
euclideon later released several interviews with ceo bruce dell in order to respond to critics' concerns.	euclideon later released several interviews with ceo bruce dell in an attempt to respond to critics' concerns.
image:lowereastsidetenements.jpg|the lower east side of new york city is the most recent victim of gentirification, driving out dozens of theaters and performance art spaces	image:lowereastsidetenements.jpg|the lower east side of new york city is the most recent subject of gentirification, driving out dozens of theaters and performance art spaces
in 1975, lead singer bob scholl was tragically killed in a boating accident.	in 1975, lead singer bob scholl was killed in a boating accident.
she knows y'know is a low budget 1962 black and white british comedy film directed by montgomery tully and starring comedienne hylda baker.	she knows y'know is a low budget 1962 black and white british comedy film directed by montgomery tully and starring comedian hylda baker.
it belongs to the langue d'ol language family, whose most prominent member is the french language, and is sometimes erroneously considered a french dialect.	it belongs to the langue d'ol language family, whose most prominent member is the french language, and is sometimes considered a french dialect.
some feel that the concept of conducting prayer experiments reflects a misunderstanding of the purpose of prayer.	others feel that the concept of conducting prayer experiments reflects a misunderstanding of the purpose of prayer.
- after his passing , family members found a letter addressed to gene from george schultz (secretary of the treasury)	- after his death , family members found a letter addressed to gene from george schultz (secretary of the treasury)
the new york times alleges that the bush administration exaggerated both the danger posed and the intelligence provided by the detainees held at the controversial prisoner camp in guantanamo bay.	the new york times reports that the bush administration exaggerated both the danger posed and the intelligence provided by the detainees held at the controversial prisoner camp in guantanamo bay.
"later, chambers produced the so-called pumpkin papers: four rolls of microfilm of state department documents, which chambers had hidden in a hollowed-out pumpkin on his maryland farm and gave to richard nixon on december 2. one strip was about japanese troop movements and another one was a ""strictly confidential"" message for secretary hull, both from 1938. chambers also produced in november four handwritten notes about military and intelligence matters which hiss eventually acknowledged that he had written."	"later, chambers produced the so-called pumpkin papers: four rolls of microfilm of state department documents, which chambers had hidden in a hollowed-out pumpkin on his maryland farm and gave to richard nixon on december 2. one strip was about japanese troop movements and another one was a ""strictly confidential"" message for secretary hull, both from 1938. chambers also produced in november four handwritten notes about military and intelligence matters which hiss acknowledged that he had written."
the new jim crow has also inspired considerable debate and criticism: yale university clinical law professor james forman jr. argues that alexander relies too heavily on her analogy to the original jim crow laws and thus overstates her case; social justice and black studies scholars have argued that alexander's discourse in the new jim crow is ahistorical, counterrevolutionary, recuperative, eurocentric and heavily censored; and some advocates of radical social change have discredited alexander's discussion of new jim crow phenomena.	the new jim crow has also inspired considerable debate and criticism: yale university clinical law professor james forman jr. argues that alexander relies too heavily on her analogy to the original jim crow laws and thus overstates her case; social justice and black studies scholars have argued that alexander's discourse in the new jim crow is ahistorical, counterrevolutionary, recuperative, eurocentric and heavily censored; and some advocates of radical social change have dismissed alexander's discussion of new jim crow phenomena.
the disturbing manifesto he created was made over a period of at least six days, according to pdf and cd dates investigators were able to uncover, and he bought the guns used in the killings several weeks before the massacre took place.	the manifesto he created was made over a period of at least six days, according to pdf and cd dates investigators were able to uncover, and he bought the guns used in the killings several weeks before the massacre took place.
she participated in many important naval battles, including the siege of sevastopol (1854-1855) during the crimean war (1854-1856).	she participated in many naval battles, including the siege of sevastopol (1854-1855) during the crimean war (1854-1856).
gearbox has stated that their brothers in arms brand is more than just baker and the 101st, and that furious 4 is not a 'reboot' that will not preempt the baker series.	gearbox has stated that their brothers in arms brand is more than just baker and the 101st, and that furious 4 is not a 'reboot' and it will not preempt the baker series.
recent polls indicate rapid erosion of support among europeans for bush, for example a drop from 36% to 16% favorability over the last year in germany.	recent polls indicate erosion of support among europeans for bush, for example a drop from 36% to 16% favorability over the last year in germany.
uhs has legendary music and mathematicics programs, and every year it produces some of victoria's finest musicians and scientists.	uhs has large music and mathematicics programs, and every year it produces some of victoria's finest musicians and scientists.
sharons husband was wealthy, internationally renowned horse breeder, john sikura, who died tragically in 1994.	sharons husband was wealthy, internationally renowned horse breeder, john sikura, who died in 1994.
dmitry feofanov demonstrated at the local meeting of the ams in 1997 how publishing contracts customarily vest copyright and publication rights in a publisher, and not an author.	dmitry feofanov stated at the local meeting of the ams in 1997 how publishing contracts customarily vest copyright and publication rights in a publisher, and not an author.
in 1862, general ormsby m. mitchel allowed african americans to found the town of mitchelville on hilton head island.	in 1862, general ormsby m. mitchel helped african americans to found the town of mitchelville on hilton head island.
"in an article critical of the coalition, the editor of the ammoland online magazine claimed : ""many of the mayors listed have either been voted out, resigned or died."""	"in an article critical of the coalition, the editor of the ammoland online magazine stated : ""many of the mayors listed have either been voted out, resigned or died."""
in world war ii kropyvnytskyi was occupied by nazi germany from 5 august 1941. it was liberated by soviet forces on 8 january 1944.	in world war ii kropyvnytskyi was occupied by nazi germany from 5 august 1941. it was subsequently recaptured by soviet forces on 8 january 1944.
this fine question was in essence a challenge to traditional art history.	this question was in essence a challenge to traditional art history.
the papillon is a small, friendly, elegant toy dog of fine-boned structure, distinguished from other breeds by its beautiful butterfly-like ears.	the papillon is a small, friendly, elegant toy dog of fine-boned structure, distinguished from other breeds by its butterfly-like ears.
"it features music by aram khachaturian (from the gayaneh ballet suite) and famously used johann strauss ii's best known waltz, ""an der schnen blauen donau"" (in english, by the beautiful blue danube), during the spectacular space-station rendezvous and lunar landing sequences."	"it features music by aram khachaturian (from the gayaneh ballet suite) and famously used johann strauss ii's best known waltz, ""an der schnen blauen donau"" (in english, by the beautiful blue danube), during the space-station rendezvous and lunar landing sequences."
he also digresses into musical matters, analyzing czech folk music, quoting from leo janek and bartk.	he also ventures into musical matters, analyzing czech folk music, quoting from leo janek and bartk.
in march 1838, disillusioned church members said that martin harris, who had given many specific descriptions of the plates, had now publicly denied having seen them at all.	in march 1838, church members said that martin harris, who had given many specific descriptions of the plates, had now publicly denied having seen them at all.
he is best known for his work for hammer film productions, for whom he scripted many of their greatest horror films, including the curse of frankenstein (1957) and dracula (1958) (us: horror of dracula).	he is best known for his work for hammer film productions, for whom he scripted many of their most successful and still-famous horror films, including the curse of frankenstein (1957) and dracula (1958) (us: horror of dracula).
"his first narrative feature, all good things, starring ryan gosling, kirsten dunst, and frank langella, was released in 2010. he also produced the acclaimed documentary ""catfish"" with his filmmaking partner marc smerling."	"his first narrative feature, all good things, starring ryan gosling, kirsten dunst, and frank langella, was released in 2010. he also produced the documentary ""catfish"" with his filmmaking partner marc smerling."
fleiss and hodges, together with cold, storms and van howe, suggest that the myth that neonatal circumcision renders the subject immune to penile cancer can be traced back to an opinion article in 1932 by the american circumcisionist abraham l. wolbarst as a scare tactic to increase the rate of neonatal circumcision.	fleiss and hodges, together with cold, storms and van howe, suggest that the idea that neonatal circumcision renders the subject immune to penile cancer can be traced back to an opinion article in 1932 by the american circumcisionist abraham l. wolbarst as a scare tactic to increase the rate of neonatal circumcision.
the committee to re-elect the president, often abbreviated to crp or creep (an acronym used derisively by critics of the nixon administration), was a nixon white house fundraising organization.	the committee to re-elect the president, often abbreviated to crp or creep (an acronym used by critics of the nixon administration), was a nixon white house fundraising organization.
in 1999, a year after the end of the sandman mystery theatre series, dodds commited suicide rather than reveal the locatin of dr. fate to the villianous modru in jsa #1. his still-youthful but now grown-up sidekick, sandy the golden boy, became known simply as sand and took his mentor's place as a member of the justice society of america.	in 1999, a year after the end of the sandman mystery theatre series, dodds commited suicide rather than reveal the locatin of dr. fate to the villianous mordru in jsa #1. his still-youthful but now grown-up sidekick, sandy the golden boy, became known simply as sand and took his mentor's place as a member of the justice society of america.
"although the research was not submitted for scientific peer review, ray hyman has published a scathing criticism of schwartz's techniques, titled ""how not to test mediums."""	"although the research was not submitted for scientific peer review, ray hyman has published a criticism of schwartz's techniques, titled ""how not to test mediums."""
the new york police start investigating david after he saves a neighbor from an attack by jumping her abusive husband to a park; the husband turns out to be a cop .	the new york police start investigating david after he saves a neighbor from an attack by jumping her abusive husband to a park; the husband turns out to be a police officer .
paris las vegas is a hotel and casino located on the famed las vegas strip in paradise, nevada, usa, that is owned and operated by harrah's entertainment.	paris las vegas is a hotel and casino located on the las vegas strip in paradise, nevada, usa, that is owned and operated by harrah's entertainment.
the republic of central lithuania was a semi-independent state created in 1920 by allegedly rebellious soldiers of the 1st lithuanian-belarusian infantry division of the polish army.	the republic of central lithuania was a semi-independent construct created in 1920 by allegedly rebellious soldiers of the 1st lithuanian-belarusian infantry division of the polish army.
his bitter rival alekhine wrote in a tribute to capablanca:	his old rival alekhine wrote in a tribute to capablanca:
the cathecral is affectionately nicknamed st. john the unfinished.	the cathecral is nicknamed st. john the unfinished.
the apprentice boys of derry are a protestant fraternal society with a worldwide membership, founded in 1814. they are based in derry, ulster .	the apprentice boys of derry are a protestant fraternal society with a worldwide membership, founded in 1814. they are based in derry, northern ireland .
reasons for the harshness of the reparations demands	reasons for the size of the reparations demands
"dispelling the disgraceful myth that the police were an ""occupying force"", chief gates was asked in a pbs interview whether the local people in the minority areas expressed thanks to the police:"	"dispelling the myth that the police were an ""occupying force"", chief gates was asked in a pbs interview whether the local people in the minority areas expressed thanks to the police:"
the characters have also been described as utterly selfish and immoral , and to a degree that is accurate; the show stands out in deriving nothing but amusement from it.	the characters have also been described as utterly selfish and amoral , and to a degree that is accurate; the show stands out in deriving nothing but amusement from it.
donald trump has gained notoriety for his celebrity lifestyle and his real estate successes, including several skyscrapers bearing his name.	donald trump has gained notability for his celebrity lifestyle and his real estate successes, including several skyscrapers bearing his name.
evidence suggested the two hitmen were hired by van hoogstraten.	evidence suggested the two men were hired by van hoogstraten.
historian vern bullough alleged that the data was later reinterpreted, excluding prisoners and data derived from an exclusively gay sample, and the results indicate that it does not appear to have skewed the data.	historian vern bullough writes that the data was later reinterpreted, excluding prisoners and data derived from an exclusively gay sample, and the results indicate that it does not appear to have skewed the data.
donna douglas (born doris smith; september 1932 – january 1, 2015) was an american actress and comedienne, best known for her role as elly may clampett in cbs's the beverly hillbillies (19621971).	donna douglas (born doris smith; september 1932 – january 1, 2015) was an american actress and comedienne, known for her role as elly may clampett in cbs's the beverly hillbillies (19621971).
sadly the recent takeover has seen both the offices move from birmingham to london and michelle leave the team; ttft still remains but as tales from the shed written by editor simon brew.	the recent takeover has seen both the offices move from birmingham to london and michelle leave the team; ttft still remains but as tales from the shed written by editor simon brew.
in this regard, finkelstein's tackling of highly sensitive issues suffered a similar fate to the earlier groundbreaking work of raul hilberg, a scholar who would in later decades lend his authoritative support to finkelstein when the latter's publications were to come under fire for their polemical character.	in this regard, finkelstein's tackling of highly sensitive issues suffered a similar fate to the earlier groundbreaking work of raul hilberg, a scholar who would in later decades lend his support to finkelstein when the latter's publications were to come under fire for their polemical character.
"alfred william ""alfie"" moon is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shane richie."	"alfred william ""alfie"" moon is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shane richie."
koo dedicates a large portion of his website to discrediting choi and his organisation.	koo dedicates a large portion of his website to disparaging choi and his organisation.
christian left: those who hold a strong christian belief and share left-wing or socialist ideals.	christian left: those who hold a strong christian belief and share left-wing or liberal ideals.
along with the keeping of hens in battery cages, chick culling is a main reason eggs are avoided by ethical vegetarians and vegans.	along with the keeping of hens in battery cages, chick culling is a main reason eggs are avoided by vegetarians and vegans.
"darby is credited with originating the "" secret rapture"" theory wherein christ will suddenly remove his bride, the church, from this world before the judgments of the tribulation."	"darby is credited with originating the ""rapture"" theory wherein christ will suddenly remove his bride, the church, from this world before the judgments of the tribulation."
osama bin mohammed bin awad bin laden (with numerous variations; , usmah bin muammad bin awa bin ldin) (born 10 march 1957) is a member of the prominent saudi bin laden family and the founding leader of the terrorist organization al-qaeda, best known for the september 11 attacks on the united states and numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian targets.	osama bin mohammed bin awad bin laden (with numerous variations; , usmah bin muammad bin awa bin ldin) (born 10 march 1957) is a member of the prominent saudi bin laden family and the founding leader of the organization al-qaeda, best known for the september 11 attacks on the united states and numerous other mass-casualty attacks against civilian targets.
it is revealed that tony blair's former chief-of-staff jonathan powell has been touring european capital cities, including brussels, paris and prague, in an undercover move to make him the first president of europe .	it is revealed that tony blair's former chief-of-staff jonathan powell has been touring european capital cities, including brussels, paris and prague, in an undercover move to make him the first president of the european council.
for his significant share in the development of german-thai trade and economic relations, he was awarded the cross of merit on the ribbon of the federal republic of germany in 1995 and in october 2010 with the cross of merit 1st class.	for his share in the development of german-thai trade and economic relations, he was awarded the cross of merit on the ribbon of the federal republic of germany in 1995 and in october 2010 with the cross of merit 1st class.
superflat critique of the moe fetish.	superflat treatment of the moe fetish.
some members of the cap have recently adopted a highly controversial stance on the war on terrorism.	some members of the cap have recently adopted a highly controversial stance with regard to the war on terrorism .
it also has great exercise and recreational potential for older players.	it also has exercise and recreational potential for older players.
as a comedienne , dillon is perhaps best known for her role as the compassionate mother of ralphie and randy in bob clark's 1983 movie a christmas story.	as a comedian , dillon is perhaps best known for her role as the compassionate mother of ralphie and randy in bob clark's 1983 movie a christmas story.
while american english pronounce them as , , and , canadians pronounce them as the british do, sounding like , the american pronunciation of fertile is also becoming very popular in canada, even though the british pronunciation remains dominant.	while american english pronounce them as , , and , canadians pronounce them as the many anglophone from ouside north america do, sounding like , the american pronunciation of fertile is also becoming very popular in canada, even though the british pronunciation remains dominant.
penn is america's first university and is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the united states.	penn claims to be america's first university and is the fourth-oldest institution of higher education in the united states.
"halfpenny was pronounced ""hayp-nee"" and 1d was pronounced ""a penny hayp-nee"" or ""three hay- pnce ""; and colloquially written as ""ha'penny"" or ""ha'pence""."	"halfpenny was pronounced ""hayp-nee"" and 1d was pronounced ""a penny hayp-nee"" or ""three hay- p'nce ""; and colloquially written as ""ha'penny"" or ""ha'pence""."
scholars like sociologist flann campbell have noted that conservative religious denominations tend to restrict male and female sexuality by prohibiting or limiting birth control use , and condemning abortion as a sin likely punished by damnation to hell by god.	scholars like sociologist flann campbell have argued that conservative religious denominations tend to restrict male and female sexuality by prohibiting or limiting birth control use , and condemning abortion as a sin likely punished by damnation to hell by god.
he won in only two of his nine appearances.	he won in two of his nine appearances.
starteam includes several powerful apis for platforms including com, java, and the microsoft .net framework.	starteam includes several apis for platforms including com, java, and the microsoft .net framework.
"charlie brooker of tvgohome has accurately described the chuckles as ""britain's most wizened comedy duo""."	"charlie brooker of tvgohome has described the chuckles as ""britain's most wizened comedy duo""."
the engineer was eddie offord, who had engineered for rory on the album on the boards with his previous band taste.	the engineer was eddie offord, who had engineered for gallagher on the album on the boards with his previous band taste.
the test is used as one of the selection criteria by most respected business schools globally, most commonly for admission into an mba program.	the test is used as one of the selection criteria by most business schools globally, most commonly for admission into an mba program.
against this economic background, the superior culture and the imperial traditions of the eastern roman empire attracted its northern neighbours slavs, bulgars, and khazars to constantinople, in search of either pillage or enlightenment.	against this economic background, the culture and the imperial traditions of the eastern roman empire attracted its northern neighbours slavs, bulgars, and khazars to constantinople, in search of either pillage or enlightenment.
that humiliating battle, called the battle of the wabash, ended st clair's military career and prompted the united states congress to undertake a full investigation of the loss.	that battle, called the battle of the wabash, ended st clair's military career and prompted the united states congress to undertake a full investigation of the loss.
on 1 october, 1952, the brigade was restored to division level, formed by the same glorious regiments of the african campaign:	on 1 october, 1952, the brigade was restored to division level, formed by the same regiments of the african campaign:
in this classic episode, stan and kyle set out to build a clubhouse (tree house) so they can play truth or dare?	in this episode, stan and kyle set out to build a clubhouse (tree house) so they can play truth or dare?
she was placed under house arrest where she is expected to serve only about 14-35 days of her sentence.	she was placed under house arrest where she is expected to serve about 14-35 days of her sentence.
only a fraction of a staircase on one side of the great pyramid of cholula has been restored to its former glory .	only a fraction of a staircase on one side of the great pyramid of cholula has been restored to its former state .
in early 2008 it was revealed that independent mp chuck cadman of surrey north, who was terminally ill with cancer at the time, had been offered a half-million life insurance policy in exchange for voting against the proposed liberal budget in may 2005, which he turned down.	in early 2008 it was alleged that independent mp chuck cadman of surrey north, who was terminally ill with cancer at the time, had been offered a half-million life insurance policy in exchange for voting against the proposed liberal budget in may 2005, which he turned down.
"on february 25, 2003, reeve appeared in the television series smallville as dr. swann in the landmark episode ""rosetta."""	"on february 25, 2003, reeve appeared in the television series smallville as dr. swann in the episode ""rosetta."""
in 1934, butler came forward and reported to the u.s. congress that a group of wealthy pro-fascist industrialists had been plotting to overthrow the government of president franklin d. roosevelt in a right-wing military coup.	in 1934, butler came forward and reported to the u.s. congress that a group of wealthy pro-fascist industrialists had been plotting to overthrow the government of president franklin d. roosevelt in a military coup.
i saw you dancing is a popular song by swedish group yaki-da.	i saw you dancing is a song by swedish group yaki-da.
"the term is sometimes sloppily shortened to alum which stands for ""an alumna or alumnus."""	"the term is sometimes shortened to alum which stands for ""an alumna or alumnus."""
the disastrous operation market garden launched by montgomery soon after, however, resulted in the allies' rapid advance stalling and allowed the germans to reorganize and even counterattack (operation wacht am rhein).	the unsuccessful operation market garden launched by montgomery soon after, however, resulted in the allies' rapid advance stalling and allowed the germans to reorganize and even counterattack (operation wacht am rhein).
in their most recent album, 21st century, they released a terrible version of bad religion's 21st century digital boy, titled 21st century digital girl.	in their most recent album, 21st century, they released a version of bad religion's 21st century digital boy, titled 21st century digital girl.
the news of the couple's relationship and eventual marriage plans caused controversy in the netherlands, due to the involvement of mxima's father as a cabinet minister during the sinister regime of argentine president jorge rafael videla.	the news of the couple's relationship and eventual marriage plans caused controversy in the netherlands, due to the involvement of mxima's father as a cabinet minister during the regime of argentine president jorge rafael videla.
he recently quit world wrestling entertainment for constant hazing from fellow wrestler john layfield.	he recently quit world wrestling entertainment for alleged hazing from fellow wrestler john layfield.
after hours with glenn hollis ( unceremoniously cancelled in 2005)	after hours with glenn hollis (cancelled in 2005)
pisgat ze'ev, a jewish neighborhood in east jerusalem	pisgat ze'ev, a jewish settlement in east jerusalem
the mac gregor school (colegio mac gregor in spanish) is a prestigious private, bilingual and co-educational school located in acapulco, mexico.	the mac gregor school (colegio mac gregor in spanish) is a private, bilingual and co-educational school located in acapulco, mexico.
it was written over a span of three years by dozens of radical collectives from all over the world working together.	it was written over a span of three years by dozens of collectives from all over the world working together.
despite the controversy there have been reports of women of all ages opting for this extreme form.	despite the controversy there have been reports of women of all ages opting for this form.
"the comedienne and actress, tv personality star carol burnett first referenced the nfp in an article about her daughter's drug use in a popular magazine (""good housekeeping""?"	"the comedian and actress, tv personality star carol burnett first referenced the nfp in an article about her daughter's drug use in a popular magazine (""good housekeeping""?"
in contrast, rampa is certain that chinese visitors are essentially nefarious and are soon to attempt to bring conquest and destruction to tibet.	in contrast, rampa and others are certain that chinese visitors are essentially nefarious and are soon to attempt to bring conquest and destruction to tibet.
the ottoman's objective of the war was to seize vienna, while the habsburg monarchy wanted to liberate the central territories of the kingdom of hungary occupied by the ottoman empire.	the ottoman's objective of the war was to seize vienna, while the habsburg monarchy wanted to recapture the central territories of the kingdom of hungary occupied by the ottoman empire.
souness was captain for scotland in a tremendous win over england on 25 may 1985, winning 1-0 with the goal coming in the 68th minute from richard gough.	souness was captain for scotland in a win over england on 25 may 1985, winning 1-0 with the goal coming in the 68th minute from richard gough.
"corporate welfare is a pejorative term, first coined by ralph nader in 1956, describing a government's bestowal of grants and/or tax breaks on corporations or other ""special favorable treatment"" from the government."	"corporate welfare is a term, first coined by ralph nader in 1956, describing a government's bestowal of grants and/or tax breaks on corporations or other ""special favorable treatment"" from the government."
by the end of the 1970s he had become identified with the extreme left-wing of the labour party.	by the end of the 1970s he had become identified with the left-wing of the labour party.
the outside veranda overlooks the estate vines with spectacular views of the canyons and ridges of the santa cruz mountains.	the outside veranda overlooks the estate vines with views of the canyons and ridges of the santa cruz mountains.
instead, the group illegally began walking toward the center of the span as early as 7:30am.	instead, the group began walking toward the center of the span as early as 7:30am.
the laws are found in the united states code; and the regulations are found in the code of federal regulations.	the statutes are found in the united states code; and the regulations are found in the code of federal regulations.
"parts of the original version have been sampled and used in a number of songsmost notably p.m. dawn's 1991 u.s. number-one hit ""set adrift on memory bliss"", which contains a sample of the song's famous keyboard hook."	"parts of the original version have been sampled and used in a number of songsmost notably p.m. dawn's 1991 u.s. number-one hit ""set adrift on memory bliss"", which contains a sample of the song's keyboard hook."
"the extremely controversial barbarossa as a ""preventive war"" theory has been widely attacked as erroneous."	"the controversial barbarossa as a ""preventive war"" theory has been widely attacked as erroneous."
in 1999, he was exposed by a tabloid newspaper for taking cocaine at a west end party, and for supplying cocaine to a lady at the cannes film festival, although he has always claimed he was set up and it seems that he truly was set up because it was apparently an undercover journalist, from the sunday times or news of the world who approached him to ask where she could acquire cocaine.3	in 1999, he was exposed by a tabloid newspaper for taking cocaine at a west end party, and for supplying cocaine to a woman at the cannes film festival, although he has always claimed he was set up and it seems that he truly was set up because it was apparently an undercover journalist, from the sunday times or news of the world who approached him to ask where she could acquire cocaine.3
the film is known for its socialist theme, and is an important film in the early parallel cinema of india and is rightly considered a trend setter.	the film is known for its socialist theme, and is an important film in the early parallel cinema of india and is considered a trend setter.
the design goal of such languages is to allow programmers to use the best tool for a job, admitting that no single paradigm solves all problems in the easiest or most efficient way.	the design goal of such languages is to allow programmers to use the best tool for a job, considering that no single paradigm solves all problems in the easiest or most efficient way.
opponents maintain that an intruder managing to gain control of a linspire system can do anything he or she wants to the computer, such as installing spyware and loading kernel modules to mask the intrusion, and therefore believe that the default should be to force the creation of user accounts.	critics maintain that an intruder managing to gain control of a linspire system can do anything he or she wants to the computer, such as installing spyware and loading kernel modules to mask the intrusion, and therefore believe that the default should be to force the creation of user accounts.
after going to school for electrical engineering, with the hope of going on to fly jets in the military, fuqua began his career directing music videos for popular artists like toni braxton and prince, and then went on to become a successful film director.	after going to school for electrical engineering, with the hope of going on to fly jets in the military, fuqua began his career directing music videos for popular artists like toni braxton and prince, and then went on to become a film director.
the erie art museum is the city's premier art gallery, located in a former u.s. customs house on lower state street near the bayfront.	the erie art museum is the city's main art gallery, located in a former u.s. customs house on lower state street near the bayfront.
famed open source software advocate and hacker eric s. raymond writes in his jargon file that ebcdic was almost universally loathed by early hackers and programmers because of its multitude of different versions, none of which resembled the other versions, and that ibm produced it in direct competition with the already-established ascii.	open source software advocate and hacker eric s. raymond writes in his jargon file that ebcdic was almost universally loathed by early hackers and programmers because of its multitude of different versions, none of which resembled the other versions, and that ibm produced it in direct competition with the already-established ascii.
a large portion of the fortress was destroyed when it collapsed into a sinkhole, thus germinating a legend amongst the superstitious tribes of the area.	a large portion of the fortress was destroyed when it collapsed into a sinkhole, thus germinating a legend amongst the tribes of the area.
the infamous scene of peter wincing in pain is referenced again after the a-team spoof in the episode brian goes back to college.	the scene of peter wincing in pain is referenced again after the a-team spoof in the episode brian goes back to college.
however, secular biblical scholars like robert m. price, bart erhman, hermann detering, argue that 1 corinthians 15:3-4 was certainly not an early christian creed written within 10 years of jesus' death.	however, secular biblical scholars like robert m. price, bart erhman, hermann detering, argue that 1 corinthians 15:3-4 was not an early christian creed written within 10 years of jesus' death.
"the takeover sparked a debate in the u.s. on the meaning of the word ""terrorist"" in the context of other domestic terrorism in the country; and on how the media and law enforcement treat situations involving people of different ethnicities or religions."	"the takeover sparked a debate in the u.s. on the meaning of the word ""terrorist"" in the context of domestic terrorism in the country; and on how the media and law enforcement treat situations involving people of different ethnicities or religions."
much of phoenix's initial growth in the 1950s and 1960s was of suburban, low-density, car-oriented sprawl, much like what most american cities suffered .	much of phoenix's initial growth in the 1950s and 1960s was of suburban, low-density, car-oriented sprawl, much like what most american cities experienced .
the authorities tried several ringleaders under the provisions of martial law and executed them.	the authorities tried several leaders under the provisions of martial law and executed them.
nicky ladanowski is an english actress originally from cheshire, working in television, film and theatre.	nicky ladanowski is an english actor originally from cheshire, working in television, film and theatre.
hattie jacques, actress/ comedienne (in 1974)	hattie jacques, actress/ comedian (in 1974)
the march formally ends at the supreme court building as a way to showcase the large number of protestors who are for a pro-life moral stance.	the march formally ends at the supreme court building as a way to showcase the large number of protestors who are for a pro-life stance.
"in the continuing interrogation by pilate, related in the gospel of john, jesus states that he ""came into the world ... to bear witness to the truth; and all who are on the side of truth listen to my voice"", to which pilate famously replies, ""truth?"	"in the continuing interrogation by pilate, related in the gospel of john, jesus states that he ""came into the world ... to bear witness to the truth; and all who are on the side of truth listen to my voice"", to which pilate replies, ""truth?"
palin appeared on the tv show saturday night live on october 18, 2008. she had been spoofed several times by tina fey, with whom she shares a striking resemblance, prior to her own appearance as herself on the show.	palin appeared on the tv show saturday night live on october 18, 2008. she had been parodied several times by tina fey, with whom she shares a striking resemblance, prior to her own appearance as herself on the show.
murdoch and the conservative government of margaret thatcher colluded during this affair and the thatcher government provided heavy police protection for the new plant -- dubbed 'fortress wapping' by its detractors -- during the sometimes violent demonstrations at the site.	murdoch and the conservative government of margaret thatcher collaborated during this affair and the thatcher government provided heavy police protection for the new plant -- dubbed 'fortress wapping' by its detractors -- during the sometimes violent demonstrations at the site.
the nevada class was a radical departure from former battleship designs.	the nevada class was a departure from former battleship designs.
this authoritative video includes interviews with keith richards, phil and don everly, sonny curtis, jerry allison, holly's family, and mccartney himself, among others.	this video includes interviews with keith richards, phil and don everly, sonny curtis, jerry allison, holly's family, and mccartney himself, among others.
in 2003, boeing pulled the delta iv from the commercial market, citing low demand and excessive costs.	in 2003, boeing pulled the delta iv from the commercial market, citing low demand and high costs.
another view of white city, showing a different incarnation of the famous king dodo (also called major dodo).	another view of white city, showing a different incarnation of the king dodo (also called major dodo).
post-vatican ii confusion	post-vatican ii situation
"in the 1990s, roskam supported three different state legislative plans to remove books that many parents found objectionable from public schools: one to remove the textbook series impressions from arlington heights schools, another to remove any book that ""expressly counsels for suicide,"" and a third to allow local juries to determine whether a book is obscene."	"in the 1990s, roskam supported three different state legislative plans to remove books that some parents found objectionable from public schools: one to remove the textbook series impressions from arlington heights schools, another to remove any book that ""expressly counsels for suicide,"" and a third to allow local juries to determine whether a book is obscene."
the bible claims that cyrus the great allowed the jews to return to their homeland after decades of captivity by the assyrian and babylonian empires.	the bible states in the old testament that cyrus the great allowed the jews to return to their homeland after decades of captivity by the assyrian and babylonian empires.
the song's music video, showing adams performing in front of the city's skyline, was filmed just four days before the september 11, 2001 attacks on the world trade center.	the song's music video, showing adams performing in front of the city's skyline, was filmed four days before the september 11, 2001 attacks on the world trade center.
comedienne elayne boosler had been announced to play corine but dropped out during rehearsals due to creative differences.	comedian elayne boosler had been announced to play corine but dropped out during rehearsals due to creative differences.
in november 1978, the infamous peoples temple massacre bolstered the anti-cult movement.	in november 1978, the peoples temple massacre bolstered the anti-cult movement.
star wars episode i: the phantom menace is a terrible 1999 science fantasy film written and directed by george lucas.	star wars episode i: the phantom menace is a 1999 science fantasy film written and directed by george lucas.
ubuntu has a lively user and support community.	ubuntu has a large user and support community.
singidunum experienced occupation by successive invaders of the regionhuns, sarmatians, ostrogoths and avarsbefore the arrival of the slavs ( bulgarians ) around ad 630. the first record of the slavic name beograd dates back to 878 a.d., during the rule of the first bulgarian empire.	singidunum experienced occupation by successive invaders of the regionhuns, sarmatians, ostrogoths and avarsbefore the arrival of the slavs ( serbs ) around ad 630. the first record of the slavic name beograd dates back to 878 a.d., during the rule of the first bulgarian empire.
coward's insights into the class system can be traced back to london life in world war i, when thousands of troops passed through the capital every day, and gay officers and other ranks met civilians in dozens of highly secret clubs.	coward's insights into the class system can be traced back to london life in world war i, when thousands of troops passed through the capital every day, and officers and other ranks met civilians in dozens of highly secret clubs.
durng the prayer book rebellion, in july 1549, grey was despatched at the head of fifteen hundred horse and foot into oxfordshire, where he immediately restored tranquillity , though not without using considerable severity against the priests.	durng the prayer book rebellion, in july 1549, grey was despatched at the head of fifteen hundred horse and foot into oxfordshire, where he immediately restored order , though not without using considerable severity against the priests.
"their catchy music has been featured on tv shows such as blood sweat and gears, crunch, ralph swimwear model, miss indy car, so you think you can dance and australia's next top model, and their tracks ""junkyard"" and ""duuurty dreemz"" became the unofficial theme tunes to channel ten's big brother up-late show."	"their music has been featured on tv shows such as blood sweat and gears, crunch, ralph swimwear model, miss indy car, so you think you can dance and australia's next top model, and their tracks ""junkyard"" and ""duuurty dreemz"" became the unofficial theme tunes to channel ten's big brother up-late show."
after the accident, tramps collected electronics and jewellery.	after the accident, scavengers collected electronics and jewellery.
the area is home to two prestigious private schools: the horace mann school, and the ethical culture fieldston school.	the area is home to two private schools: the horace mann school, and the ethical culture fieldston school.
golden power of veto (pov)	power of veto (pov)
matthew shepard, gay student, murdered in 1998 at the early age of 21	matthew shepard, gay student, murdered in 1998 at the age of 21
despite increasing controversy about their intentions, most americans still agreed with america first's isolationist message and continued to respect lindbergh until public opinion slowly began to turn against him in 1941.	despite increasing controversy about their intentions, most americans still agreed with america first's neutralist message and continued to respect lindbergh until public opinion slowly began to turn against him in 1941.
ntp, inc. is a virginia-based patent troll , founded in 1992 by the late inventor thomas j. campana jr. and donald e. stout.	ntp, inc. is a virginia-based patent holding company , founded in 1992 by the late inventor thomas j. campana jr. and donald e. stout.
the golden legend (latin: legenda aurea or legenda sanctorum) is a collection of fanciful hagiographies by jacobus de voragine that became a late medieval bestseller.	the golden legend (latin: legenda aurea or legenda sanctorum) is a collection of hagiographies by jacobus de voragine that became a late medieval bestseller.
this was the first major attempt at the compilation of certain books and letters as authoritative and inspired teaching for the catholic church at the time.	this was the first major attempt at the compilation of certain books and letters as authoritative and inspired teaching for the early church at the time.
"on 21 january erdogan warned that anyone in turkey joining pro- kurdish protests against the operation will pay a ""heavy price""."	"on 21 january erdogan warned that anyone in turkey joining pro- pyd protests against the operation will pay a ""heavy price""."
the mefo bills amounts were considered a state secret and were an important element in the mistaken impression that hitlerian economics was a success.	the mefo bills amounts were considered a state secret and were an important element in the impression that hitlerian economics was a success.
according to a recent study, among the 15% of u. s. citizens that are evangelical protestants, only 47.8% believe that the bible is literally true, and 6.5% believe that the bible is an ancient book full of history and legends.	according to a recent study, among the 15% of u. s. citizens that are evangelical protestants, 47.8% believe that the bible is literally true, and 6.5% believe that the bible is an ancient book full of history and legends.
in one single therapeutic clinical trial, a probiotic cocktail have been shown to increase the death rates of patients with acute pancreatitis , but was given through tube feeding directly in the intestine instead of the usual oral way.	in one therapeutic clinical trial, a probiotic cocktail have been shown to increase the death rates of patients with acute pancreatitis , but was given through tube feeding directly in the intestine instead of the usual oral way.
in october 2017, rapp alleged in an interview with buzzfeed that actor kevin spacey made an unwanted sexual advance toward him in 1986, when rapp was 14, and spacey was 26. rapp was invited to a party at spacey's home and, at the end of the evening, spacey physically carried rapp to bed and attempted to initiate sex.	in october 2017, rapp said in an interview with buzzfeed that actor kevin spacey made an unwanted sexual advance toward him in 1986, when rapp was 14, and spacey was 26. rapp was invited to a party at spacey's home and, at the end of the evening, spacey physically carried rapp to bed and attempted to initiate sex.
briscoe wished for ireland to give asylum to jews fleeing nazi germany, but did so discreetly in order not to be accused of compromising the neutrality policy of the fianna fil government.	he wished for ireland to give asylum to jews fleeing nazi germany, but did so discreetly in order not to be accused of compromising the neutrality policy of the fianna fil government.
nina hartley, porn super star.	nina hartley, porn star.
ku klux klan (kkk) is the name of a number of past and present fraternal organizations in the united states that have advocated white supremacy, anti-semitism, racism, anti-catholicism, homophobia , and nativism.	ku klux klan (kkk) is the name of a number of past and present fraternal organizations in the united states that have advocated white supremacy, anti-semitism, racism, anti-catholicism, anti-homosexualism , and nativism.
iliya markov popgeorgiev, better known as ilyo voyvoda or dedo iljo maleshevski, was a macedonian revolutionary from the region of macedonia, who is considered a national hero in both bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.	iliya markov popgeorgiev, better known as ilyo voyvoda or dedo iljo maleshevski, was a bulgarian revolutionary from the region of macedonia, who is considered a national hero in both bulgaria and the republic of macedonia.
brothers to the rescue sent planes into cuban airspace to assist rafters escaping cuba as well as drop political leaflets over the country.	brothers to the rescue sent planes into cuban airspace to assist rafters emigrating cuba as well as drop political leaflets over the country.
marmaduke is a 2010 american family comedy film adaptation of brad anderson's comic strip of the same name.	marmaduke is a 2010 american comedy film adaptation of brad anderson's comic strip of the same name.
according to a 10-year survey by the university of bielefeld, which dealt with different aspects of attitudes to islam, mistrust of islam is widespread in germany with only 19 percent of germans believing that islam is compatible with german culture.	according to a 10-year survey by the university of bielefeld, which dealt with different aspects of attitudes to islam, uncertainty of islam is widespread in germany with only 19 percent of germans believing that islam is compatible with german culture.
minnie pearl (1912-1996), stage name of american country comedienne sarah colley	minnie pearl (1912-1996), stage name of american country comedian sarah colley
he was drafted by the minnesota vikings in 1998, and played the first stage of his career in minnesota before a horrible trade in 2005 brought him to oakland.	he was drafted by the minnesota vikings in 1998, and played the first stage of his career in minnesota before a trade in 2005 brought him to oakland.
counseling might stress perceived health and other risks of same-sex attraction.	counseling might stress possible health and other risks of same-sex attraction.
on 22 july 2014, ukrainian forces managed to seize the city from the pro-russian separatists.	on 22 july 2014, ukrainian forces managed to recapture the city from the pro-russian separatists.
a december 2009 article in mother jones magazine said the center promulgated climate disinformation.	a december 2009 article in mother jones magazine said the center was among the most prominent organizations promulgating climate disinformation.
"in a harvey birdman, attorney at law clip episode ""mufti trouble"", which aired october 2, 2006, the character ""mentok the mindtaker"" admits that he was ""..an est instructor for a summer in marin."""	"in a harvey birdman, attorney at law clip episode ""mufti trouble"", which aired october 2, 2006, the character ""mentok the mindtaker"" acknowledges that he was ""..an est instructor for a summer in marin."""
the republic of moldova (republica moldova) is a small landlocked country in eastern europe, located between romania to the west and ukraine to the east and south.	the republic of moldova (republica moldova) is a landlocked country in eastern europe, located between romania to the west and ukraine to the east and south.
preference elicitation refers to the problem of developing a decision support system capable of generating recommendations to a user, thus assisting him in decision making.	preference elicitation refers to the problem of developing a decision support system capable of generating recommendations to a user, thus assisting in decision making.
she once fell and broke it, but luckily it was able to be repaired.	she once fell and broke it, but it was able to be repaired.
in september 1993, zorkin was involved in the bitter dispute as to the legitimacy of boris yeltsin's decision to dissolve the supreme soviet of russia, a decision which ran contrary to the outdated rsfsr constitution.	in september 1993, zorkin was involved in the bitter dispute as to the legitimacy of boris yeltsin's decision to dissolve the supreme soviet of russia, a decision which ran contrary to the rsfsr constitution.
other traditional parties like the communist party and the social democratic party lost significant numbers of seats, making a two-party system realistic in future japanese politics.	other traditional parties like the communist party and the social democratic party lost significant numbers of seats, making a two-party system a possibility in future japanese politics.
reasons for female genital mutilation	reasons for female genital cutting
in 1986, she participated in the capture of mordechai vanunu.	in 1986, she participated in the abduction of mordechai vanunu.
texas is the only state with a broadly-applicable arbitrary night speed limit.	texas is the only state with a broadly-applicable legislatively-specified night speed limit.
the schrdinger equation had been developed without considering relativity in schrdinger's famous 1926 paper.	the schrdinger equation had been developed without considering relativity in schrdinger's 1926 paper.
in a last philanthropic gesture, it was his intention to will his sizable home after his passing .	in a last philanthropic gesture, it was his intention to will his sizable home after his death .
"ken tucker of rolling stone panned the album upon its release, calling it ""muzak mesmerizing in its modality"", and facetiously wrote, ""by reducing their already vapid lyrics to utter irrelevance, lead singers anni-frid lyngstad and agnetha fltskog are liberated to matter on in their shrill voices without regard to emotion or expression, and the language barrier is broken."""	"ken tucker of rolling stone panned the album upon its release, calling it ""muzak mesmerizing in its modality"", and wrote, ""by reducing their already vapid lyrics to utter irrelevance, lead singers anni-frid lyngstad and agnetha fltskog are liberated to matter on in their shrill voices without regard to emotion or expression, and the language barrier is broken."""
nirs is opposed to ineffective nuclear waste reprocessing, unsafe transportation of nuclear waste, and the implementation of large-scale nuclear dumps like yucca mountain nuclear waste repository.	nirs is opposed to ineffective nuclear waste reprocessing, unsafe transportation of nuclear waste, and the implementation of large-scale nuclear waste repositories like yucca mountain nuclear waste repository.
baron cohen eventually appeared at the awards' red carpet with a pair of uniformed female bodyguards (resembling gadaffi's amazonian guard) and wielding an urn purportedly containing the ashes of north korean dictator kim jong-il, which the actor accidentally-on-purpose spilled onto e!	baron cohen eventually appeared at the awards' red carpet with a pair of uniformed female bodyguards (resembling gadaffi's amazonian guard) and wielding an urn purportedly containing the ashes of north korean dictator kim jong-il, which the actor spilled onto e!
twain plays with the differences in natural, or sexual, gender and linguistic, or grammatical, gender, by pointing out that the german for woman lacks a grammatical gender but a sexless turnip has one:	twain plays with the differences in natural, or sexual, gender and linguistic, or grammatical, gender, by pointing out that the german for girl lacks a grammatical gender but a sexless turnip has one:
the reproducibility of the result will remain the main issue in the cold fusion controversy until a scientist designs an experiment that is fully reproducible by simply following a recipe, or that generates power continuously rather than sporadically.	the reproducibility of the result will remain the main issue in the cold fusion controversy unless a scientist designs an experiment that is fully reproducible by simply following a recipe, or that generates power continuously rather than sporadically.
baker powerfully argues that there are far greater aggregate harms involved in other every day activities and therefore for the utilitarian harm justification for criminalizing mere possession is baseless.	baker argues that there are far greater aggregate harms involved in other every day activities and therefore for the utilitarian harm justification for criminalizing mere possession is baseless.
bogomilism was a christian neo-gnostic or dualist sect founded in the first bulgarian empire by the serbian priest bogomil during the reign of tsar peter i in the 10th century.	bogomilism was a christian neo-gnostic or dualist sect founded in the first bulgarian empire by the priest bogomil during the reign of tsar peter i in the 10th century.
daring interventionism and a strong military were to prove a hallmark of toryism under subsequent prime ministers.	interventionism and a strong military were to prove a hallmark of toryism under subsequent prime ministers.
the modern greek state was established in 1830, following an uprising against ottoman rule.	the modern greek state was established in 1830, following a successful uprising against ottoman rule.
eve (bible), the first woman according to christian mythology .	eve (bible), the first woman according to christian theory .
a referendum was held in slovenia on 25 march 2012 on the new family code passed by the then-governing centre-left coalition led by borut pahor.	a referendum was held in slovenia on 25 march 2012 on the new family code passed by the then-governing coalition led by borut pahor.
roy gerald krenkel (11 july 1918  24 february 1983), who often signed his work rgk, was an influential american illustrator who specialized in fantasy and historical drawings and paintings for books, magazines and comic books.	roy gerald krenkel (11 july 1918  24 february 1983), who often signed his work rgk, was an american illustrator who specialized in fantasy and historical drawings and paintings for books, magazines and comic books.
in september 1681 it was suddenly seized by king louis xiv of france, whose unprovoked annexation was recognized by the treaty of ryswick (1697).	in september 1681 it was seized by king louis xiv of france, whose unprovoked annexation was recognized by the treaty of ryswick (1697).
spencer james smith (born september 2, 1987 in las vegas, nevada) is the hot drummer for the alternative rock band panic!	spencer james smith (born september 2, 1987 in las vegas, nevada) is the drummer for the alternative rock band panic!
midi (; short for musical instrument digital interface) is an electronic musical instrument industry specification that enables a wide variety of digital musical instruments, computers and other related devices to connect and communicate seamlessly with one another.	midi (; short for musical instrument digital interface) is an electronic musical instrument industry specification that enables a wide variety of digital musical instruments, computers and other related devices to connect and communicate with one another.
adler wisely suggested that birth order does not cause any direction of personality development, but it may be used by the individual as a building brick for his/her freely chosen style of life and fictional final goal.	adler suggested that birth order does not cause any direction of personality development, but it may be used by the individual as a building brick for his/her freely chosen style of life and fictional final goal.
more than twenty years after his death, it was publicly revealed that he had been an agent for the communist czechoslovak socialist republic military intelligence.	more than twenty years after his death, it was publicly revealed that he had been an agent for the czechoslovak socialist republic military intelligence.
hillary rodham clinton (born on october 26, 1947, in chicago, illinois as hillary diane rodham) is the junior united states senator from new york, serving her freshman term since january 3, 2001. she was first lady of the united states from 1993 to 2001, as the wife of scandal-plagued president bill clinton.	hillary rodham clinton (born on october 26, 1947, in chicago, illinois as hillary diane rodham) is the junior united states senator from new york, serving her freshman term since january 3, 2001. she was first lady of the united states from 1993 to 2001, as the wife of president bill clinton.
"on the other hand, the rankings by the liberal americans for democratic action seem to show an opposite trend, with a 100% rating in 2005 declining to 95% in 2006 and 75% in 2007. the ada claims that, ""since ada's founding in 1947, ada's voting records have served as the standard guideline measuring a legislator's political liberalism... those members of congress considered moderates generally score between 40% and 60%."""	"on the other hand, the rankings by the americans for democratic action seem to show an opposite trend, with a 100% rating in 2005 declining to 95% in 2006 and 75% in 2007. the ada claims that, ""since ada's founding in 1947, ada's voting records have served as the standard guideline measuring a legislator's political liberalism... those members of congress considered moderates generally score between 40% and 60%."""
the hisba bill to be passed in the nwfp will make its government and legal system intensively and more rigorously islamic, making it near impossible for minorities to obtain representation or justice- though fortunately this bill was blocked by the federal government as unconstitutional.	the hisba bill to be passed in the nwfp will make its government and legal system intensively and more rigorously islamic, making it near impossible for minorities to obtain representation or justice- though this bill was blocked by the federal government as unconstitutional.
gary kremen (born 1963) is the engineer and entrepreneur who invented online dating, founded the personals site match.com, was the first registrant of sex.com, founder of clean power finance as well as the current chair of the santa clara valley water district.	gary kremen (born 1963) is an american engineer and entrepreneur who invented online dating, founded the personals site match.com, was the first registrant of sex.com, founder of clean power finance as well as the current chair of the santa clara valley water district.
recently voted 4th best music venue in the country by rolling stone magazine, the fox offers top-notch talent, a fantastic sound system, and a 625 capacity atmosphere.	recently voted 4th best music venue in the country by rolling stone magazine, the fox offers top-notch talent, a sound system, and a 625 capacity atmosphere.
their aim is to offer a better understanding of some deseases that have affected members during and after their commitment and due probably - this is the allegation - to personality-related abuses .	their aim is to offer a better understanding of some deseases that have affected members during and after their commitment and due probably - this is the allegation - to personality-related conflicts .
in 1972, the college, which had been given its current title, north carolina central university, in 1969, became part of the 16-member consolidated university of north carolina system .	in 1972, the college, which had been given its current title, north carolina central university, in 1969, became part of the 16-member university of north carolina system .
the phrase was originally coined by breast cancer action to identify companies that claimed to support women with breast cancer while actually profiting from their illness.	the phrase was originally coined by breast cancer action to identify companies that claimed to support people with breast cancer while actually profiting from their illness.
in the process, the u.s. displaced most indian nations, stealing their lands and destroying or forcibly relocating many.	in the process, the u.s. displaced most indian nations, appropriating their lands and destroying or forcibly relocating many.
"many news sources have presented one of ahmadinejad's phrases in farsi as a statement that ""israel must be wiped off the map"" , an american idiom which means to cause a place to stop existing ."	"many news sources have presented one of ahmadinejad's phrases in farsi as a statement that ""israel must be wiped off the map"" , an english idiom which means to cause a place to stop existing ."
he first appeared on film in star wars episode iv: a new hope (1977) as an obese, slug-like alien .	he first appeared on film in star wars episode iv: a new hope (1977) as an obese, slug-like non-humanoid lifeform .
fournier was also chair of the town's first school board; classes were initially held in his own grand home until the town's first school was built.	fournier was also chair of the town's first school board; classes were initially held in his own home until the town's first school was built.
in interviews john, who is openly gay, admitted that he was aware that nikita was a male name in russian.	in interviews john, who is openly gay, has said that he was aware that nikita was a male name in russian.
born: meera syal, british-indian actress and comedienne , in wolverhampton	born: meera syal, british-indian actress and comedian , in wolverhampton
he has also co-written inside islam: a guide for catholics with the founder of the forum daniel ali, and seven monographs on islam for the free congress foundation: an introduction to the qur'an, women and islam, an islamic primer, islam and the west, the islamic disinformation lobby, islam vs. christianity, and jihad in context.	he also co-written inside islam: a guide for catholics with the founder of the forum daniel ali, and seven monographs on islam for the free congress foundation: an introduction to the qur'an, women and islam, an islamic primer, islam and the west, the islamic disinformation lobby, islam vs. christianity, and jihad in context.
"the enthusiastic and knowledgeable interviews by such deejays as ""weasel"", who held down the drive-time afternoon weekday slot - about the time that bands setting up across the street were ready for a dinner break before a performance - provided fascinating details about the artists' experience, as well as providing plugs for the upcoming appearance."	"the enthusiastic and knowledgeable interviews by such deejays as ""weasel"", who held down the drive-time afternoon weekday slot - about the time that bands setting up across the street were ready for a dinner break before a performance - provided details about the artists' experience, as well as providing plugs for the upcoming appearance."
in response, the government under george w. bush began a series of military and legal operations termed the war on terror, beginning with the overthrow of afghanistan's taliban government in october 2001. soon after, the war on terror continued with the controversial 2003 invasion of iraq, with support from 30 governments known as the 'coalition of the willing'.	in response, the government under george w. bush began a series of military and legal operations termed the war on terror, beginning with the overthrow of afghanistan's taliban government in october 2001. soon after, the war on terror continued with the controversial 2003 invasion of iraq, with support from 30 governments , which george w. bush referred to as the 'coalition of the willing'.
he exposed the breasts of a 17-year-old girl after he allegedly grabbed and pulled down her tank top and brassiere.	he exposed the breasts of a 17-year-old female after he allegedly grabbed and pulled down her tank top and brassiere.
another increase of us$0.25 in basic fare was implemented in january 2006. all these efforts helped stablize caltrain's budget and greatly increase the daily ridership from 28,000s to 32,000s.	another increase of us$0.25 in basic fare was implemented in january 2006. all these efforts helped stablize caltrain's budget and increase the daily ridership from 28,000s to 32,000s.
after eisenhower, rockefeller emerged as the leader of the moderate wing of the republican party, running for president in 1960, 1964 and 1968. rockefeller republicans suffered a crushing defeat in 1964 when conservatives captured control of the republican party and nominated senator barry goldwater of arizona for president.	after eisenhower, rockefeller emerged as the leader of the more liberal wing of the republican party, running for president in 1960, 1964 and 1968. rockefeller republicans suffered a crushing defeat in 1964 when conservatives captured control of the republican party and nominated senator barry goldwater of arizona for president.
heavy on the physics information, eater describes mankind 's encounter with a cosmic intelligence that comes in the form of a small black hole.	heavy on the physics information, eater describes humankind 's encounter with a cosmic intelligence that comes in the form of a small black hole.
the couple remarried on july 16, 1972, just five months after reconciling and only three months after she divorced gregson.	the couple remarried on july 16, 1972, five months after reconciling and only three months after she divorced gregson.
the poor performances of christopher mitchum, jorge rivero and jennifer o'neill were also strongly criticized.	the performances of christopher mitchum, jorge rivero and jennifer o'neill were also strongly criticized.
the ss chauncy maples was destined to steam the vast waters of lake nyasa, the most southerly lake in east africa.	the ss chauncy maples was destined to steam the extensive waters of lake nyasa, the most southerly lake in east africa.
great review of alison bechdel's new graphic memoir fun home	review of alison bechdel's new graphic memoir fun home
the people's mujahedin of iran (pmoi) (persian: ) is an iranian terrorist group .	the people's mujahedin of iran (pmoi) (persian: ) is an iranian islamist opposition group .
this battle was a significant moment in european history, as it led to the creation of a mighty slavic state, which was to become a european superpower in the 9th and 10th century along with the byzantine and frankish empires.	this battle was a significant moment in european history, as it led to the creation of a powerful slavic state, which was to become a european superpower in the 9th and 10th century along with the byzantine and frankish empires.
meanwhile, president-elect barack obama vanquished republican john s. mccain in webb county with a margin of 71-28 percent.	meanwhile, president-elect barack obama defeated republican john s. mccain in webb county with a margin of 71-28 percent.
(in particular, it obliterated the view of downtown from the union avenue viaduct.)	(in particular, it blocked the view of downtown from the union avenue viaduct.)
the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film by british television producer martin durkin, which argues against the scientific opinion that human activity is the main cause of global warming.	the great global warming swindle is a documentary film by british television producer martin durkin, which argues against the scientific opinion that human activity is the main cause of global warming.
after his death, swillings unwarranted reputation as a badman grew so fast that by the end of the 19th century a prominent arizona historian would write of him as a typical desperado.	after his death, swillings reputation as a badman grew so fast that by the end of the 19th century a prominent arizona historian would write of him as a typical desperado.
a classy forward, he was one of the main stars in the early bohemian history.	a forward, he was one of the main stars in the early bohemian history.
"from the battlefield to the schoolyard—a new perspective on violent conflict and its prevention debunks the ""killer ape"" myth in his book which brings together discussions from two harvard law school symposiums."	"from the battlefield to the schoolyard—a new perspective on violent conflict and its prevention criticize the ""killer ape"" myth in his book which brings together discussions from two harvard law school symposiums."
sadly its numbers have been declining, and the government stud where it is bred is carrying out a policy of crossing with other strains of arabian horses, causing the dilution of the qualities of the original syrian desert bred strain.	its numbers have been declining, and the government stud where it is bred is carrying out a policy of crossing with other strains of arabian horses, causing the dilution of the qualities of the original syrian desert bred strain.
he fought in the pomeranian war with prussia, and was awarded a commission for his bravery on the battlefield.	he fought in the pomeranian war with prussia, and was awarded a commission for bravery on the battlefield.
2014 thorpe easily won reelection by a 16 percent margin.	2014 thorpe won reelection by a 16 percent margin.
he enjoyed a famously happy domestic life, shared with his wife and four sons.	he enjoyed a happy domestic life, shared with his wife and four sons.
however, after playing for queensland and australia, and helping manly to second on the ladder and then into the grand final against minor premiers parramatta, he was surprisingly not selected for the end of season 1982 kangaroo tour.	however, after playing for queensland and australia, and helping manly to second on the ladder and then into the grand final against minor premiers parramatta, he was not selected for the end of season 1982 kangaroo tour.
seeds of peace ( neutral )	seeds of peace ( centre )
hoboken411.com popular online community website about hoboken.	hoboken411.com online community website about hoboken.
the game is influenced by improvised topical stand-up comedy, with several rounds requiring players to apparently deliver answers on unexpected subjects on the spur of the moment.	the game is influenced by improvised topical stand-up comedy, with several rounds requiring players to deliver answers on unexpected subjects on the spur of the moment.
football configuration of county stadiumthe national football league's green bay packers played two or three home games per year at county stadium from 1953-1994. the packers' final game in county stadium was a 21-17 victory over the atlanta falcons on december 18, 1994. the last touchdown was scored by legendary quarterback brett favre, ironically, against the team that drafted favre before trading him to green bay after only one season in atlanta.	football configuration of county stadiumthe national football league's green bay packers played two or three home games per year at county stadium from 1953-1994. the packers' final game in county stadium was a 21-17 victory over the atlanta falcons on december 18, 1994. the last touchdown was scored by quarterback brett favre, ironically, against the team that drafted favre before trading him to green bay after only one season in atlanta.
the at-sign is intended to replace the desinence '-o', including its plural form '-os', due to the resemblance to a digraph of an inner letter 'a' and an outer capital letter 'o'.	the at-sign is intended to replace the desinence '-o', including its plural form '-os', due to the resemblance to a digraph of an inner letter 'a' and an outer letter 'o'.
zeitgeist: addendum' is a 2008 documentary -style film produced and directed by peter joseph, and is a sequel to the 2007 film, zeitgeist: the movie.	zeitgeist: addendum' is a 2008 documentary film produced and directed by peter joseph, and is a sequel to the 2007 film, zeitgeist: the movie.
"floor plan of a typical ""foursquare"" house"	"floor plan of a ""foursquare"" house"
however in late 2010, jagex successfully defended against such a lawsuit.	in late 2010, jagex successfully defended against such a lawsuit.
it was only half the size of its chinese relative, gigantopithecus blacki.	it was approximately half the size of its chinese relative, gigantopithecus blacki.
a professional adjudicator criticises each amateur performance immediately after the curtain falls.	a professional adjudicator critiques each amateur performance immediately after the curtain falls.
michael trent reznor (born may 17, 1965) is an american musician, singer,producer, multi-instrumentalist and a talented pianist.	michael trent reznor (born may 17, 1965) is an american musician, singer,producer, multi-instrumentalist and a pianist.
, ors, (march 5, 1910 january 5, 2007) was a taiwanese-japanese businessman who founded nissin food products co., ltd. he is known as one of the inventors of tasty instant noodles and cup noodles.	, ors, (march 5, 1910 january 5, 2007) was a taiwanese-japanese businessman who founded nissin food products co., ltd. he is known as one of the inventors of instant noodles and cup noodles.
eugene is also the home of the legendary rock n roll soldiers.	eugene is also the home of the rock n roll soldiers.
{{succession box|title= chairman of the african union|	{{succession box|title= chairperson of the african union|
there exists a widespread controversy over stem cell research that emanates from the techniques used in the creation and usage of stem cells.	there exists a controversy over stem cell research that emanates from the techniques used in the creation and usage of stem cells.
like the video, the book has been celebrated by lgbt christians, while many of its claims have been generally repudiated by conservative christians.	like the video, the book has been celebrated by lgbt christians, while many of its claims have been generally counterargued by conservative christians.
star wars episode iv: a new hope, originally released simply as star wars, is a 1977 science fantasy film written and directed by george lucas.	star wars episode iv: a new hope, originally released as star wars, is a 1977 science fantasy film written and directed by george lucas.
army of god (aog) is a christian defense organization that sanctions the use of force to combat abortion in the united states.	army of god (aog) is a christian terrorist anti-abortion organization that sanctions the use of force to combat abortion in the united states.
unfortunately , the unforgettables would lose the game on laettner's subsequent jumper as time expired.	however , the unforgettables would lose the game on laettner's subsequent jumper as time expired.
"the same campaign literature featured the inflated figure of ""20 million illegal aliens in america"" and warned that ""thousands more are coming everyday""."	"the same campaign literature featured the figure of ""20 million illegal aliens in america"" and warned that ""thousands more are coming everyday""."
memetics thus remains a science in its infancy, a protoscience to proponents, or a pseudoscience to some detractors.	memetics thus remains a theory in its infancy, a protoscience to proponents, or a pseudoscience to some detractors.
"this meant that the rights listed under the constitution were granted to ""the people"" who spooner thought to be everyone that was born in the united states regardless of color or gender ."	"this meant that the rights listed under the constitution were granted to ""the people"" who spooner thought to be everyone that was born in the united states regardless of color or sex ."
despite having a disappointing total viewership of 540,000, showtime has renewed the series for a second season to air in summer 2007.	despite having a subpar total viewership of 540,000, showtime has renewed the series for a second season to air in summer 2007.
"the debate over ""hamburger hill"" reached congress, with particularly severe denunciations of military leadership by senators edward kennedy (d-mass), george mcgovern (d-sdak), and stephen young (d-ohio)."	"the debate over ""hamburger hill"" reached congress, with particularly severe criticism of military leadership by senators edward kennedy (d-mass), george mcgovern (d-sdak), and stephen young (d-ohio)."
"david henry hwang derides the opinions of non-asian men in his slight, ""rarely is this heard from the mouths of asian men""."	"david henry hwang criticises the opinions of non-asian men in his slight, ""rarely is this heard from the mouths of asian men""."
"the documentary purports to show the ""awful truths"" regarding our impact on the earth, but also what we are now doing to combat and reverse it: including renewable energy, the creation of more and more national parks, international co-operation between various nations on environmental issues and the extra education and reform being had across the globe in response to the current problems facing the earth."	"the documentary claims to show the ""awful truths"" regarding our impact on the earth, but also what we are now doing to combat and reverse it: including renewable energy, the creation of more and more national parks, international co-operation between various nations on environmental issues and the extra education and reform being had across the globe in response to the current problems facing the earth."
this fringe group believes that some of the psychotherapeutic techniques used in attachment therapy are potentially harmful to children who undergo the treatment.	this group believes that some of the psychotherapeutic techniques used in attachment therapy are potentially harmful to children who undergo the treatment.
as such, an unlikely cooperation took place between austrian court, one of the most conservative regimes in europe and a historic enemy of the polish statehood on one hand, and a polish socialist who did not hesitate in the past to resort to terrorism to achieve his political goals.	as such, an unlikely cooperation took place between austrian court, one of the most conservative regimes in europe and a historic enemy of the polish statehood on one hand, and a polish socialist who did not hesitate in the past to resort to violance to achieve his political goals.
i could not ask for more by aerosmith	i could not ask for more by edwin mccain
eminem (born marshall bruce mathers iii on october 17, 1972) is a controversial grammy and academy award-winning american rapper, producer and occasional actor.	eminem (born marshall bruce mathers iii on october 17, 1972) is a grammy and academy award-winning american rapper, producer and occasional actor.
"practitioners in alternative medicine often recommend coffee enemas for ""cleansing of the colon"" due to its stimulus of peristalsis, although mainstream medicine has not proved any benefits of the practice."	"practitioners in alternative medicine often recommend coffee enemas for ""cleansing of the colon"" due to its stimulus of peristalsis, although medicine has not proved any benefits of the practice."
"five years later, on 8 december, 2006, she returned once again, disparaging abu-jamal's supporters as ""know-nothings"" and praising district attorney lynne m. abraham for steadfastly challenging abu-jamal's many appeals."	"five years later, on 8 december, 2006, she returned once again, characterizing abu-jamal's supporters as ""know-nothings"" and praising district attorney lynne m. abraham for steadfastly challenging abu-jamal's many appeals."
the marines had a habit of getting drunk and not guarding the convicts properly, whilst their pompous commander, major robert ross, drove phillip to despair with his arrogant and lazy attitude.	the marines had a habit of getting drunk and not guarding the convicts properly, whilst their commander, major robert ross, drove phillip to despair with his arrogant and lazy attitude.
the senate watergate committee was a special committee convened by the united states senate to investigate the watergate scandal after it was learned that the watergate burglars had been directed to break into and wiretap the headquarters of the democratic national committee by creep , president richard nixon's re-election campaign fundraising organization.	the senate watergate committee was a special committee convened by the united states senate to investigate the watergate scandal after it was learned that the watergate burglars had been directed to break into and wiretap the headquarters of the democratic national committee by the committee to re-elect the president , president richard nixon's re-election campaign fundraising organization.
in an astonishing appearance on the mike douglas show in 1975 she showed the host and audience a piece of flesh-colored rubber that she was wearing in her tv movie, hey, i'm alive!, based on the true story of a young woman stranded in a snow bank.	in an appearance on the mike douglas show in 1975 she showed the host and audience a piece of flesh-colored rubber that she was wearing in her tv movie, hey, i'm alive!, based on the true story of a young woman stranded in a snow bank.
nonetheless , it was a star-studded roster that cruised through pool play and the medal round, restoring america to the top of the basketball world.	in any case , it was a star-studded roster that cruised through pool play and the medal round, restoring america to the top of the basketball world.
one of the first high profile victims of aids was the american rock hudson, a gay actor who had been married and divorced earlier in life, who died on 2 october 1985 having announced that he was suffering from the virus on 25 july that year.	one of the first high profile cases of aids was the american rock hudson, a gay actor who had been married and divorced earlier in life, who died on 2 october 1985 having announced that he was suffering from the virus on 25 july that year.
in his book ufos: the public deceived, debunker philip j. klass claimed the witnesses initially saw an astronomical body, probably jupiter, and pilot incompetence and equipment malfunction accounted for the rest.	in his book ufos: the public deceived, journalist philip j. klass claimed the witnesses initially saw an astronomical body, probably jupiter, and pilot incompetence and equipment malfunction accounted for the rest.
she was brutally murdered and raped near her home in croydon, surrey, just two weeks after her 18th birthday.	she was murdered and raped near her home in croydon, surrey, just two weeks after her 18th birthday.
loughridge started to overcome indian prejudice and more and more creeks began to attend his services.	loughridge started to overcome indian objections and more and more creeks began to attend his services.
kate millett publishes her revolutionary book, sexual politics.	kate millett publishes her book, sexual politics.
in 2006, palin obtained a passport and in 2007 traveled for the first time outside of north america to make a brief visit to the khabari alawazem crossing at the kuwait - iraq border.	in 2006, palin obtained a passport and in 2007 traveled for the first time outside of north america to make a visit to the khabari alawazem crossing at the kuwait - iraq border.
he was a member of alpha sigma phi fraternity and the prestigious sphinx head society.	he was a member of alpha sigma phi fraternity and the sphinx head society.
qatar sent women athletes to the 2012 summer olympics in london.	qatar sent female athletes to the 2012 summer olympics in london.
foivos delivorias , born 29 september 1973, is a popular greek rock musician, singer, and songwriter from kallithea, attica.	foivos delivorias , born 29 september 1973, is a greek rock musician, singer, and songwriter from kallithea, attica.
the project, headed by poseidon resources, has come under intense scrutiny and been stalled for more than a decade due to environmental (killing aquatic life in intake valves) as well as cost concerns ($530 million to build construction began in late 2009 and is scheduled to be completed in early 2012. despite this project being the largest of its kind in the united states, it is only expected to produce 50 million gallons of water a day , or 0.07 cubic km a year.	the project, headed by poseidon resources, has come under intense scrutiny and been stalled for more than a decade due to environmental (killing aquatic life in intake valves) as well as cost concerns ($530 million to build construction began in late 2009 and is scheduled to be completed in early 2012. despite this project being the largest of its kind in the united states, it is expected to produce 50 million gallons of water a day , or 0.07 cubic km a year.
"bethlehem (, , lit ""house of meat""; bethlem; , beit lehem, lit ""house of bread"") is a palestinian city in the central west bank, approximately south of jerusalem, with a population of about 30,000 people."	"bethlehem (, , lit ""house of meat""; bethlem; , beit lehem, lit ""house of bread"") is a city in the central west bank, approximately south of jerusalem, with a population of about 30,000 people."
some observers such as kenneth s. deffeyes, matthew simmons, and james howard kunstler believe that because of the high dependence of most modern industrial transport, agricultural and industrial systems on inexpensive oil, the post-peak production decline and possible severe increases in the price of oil will have extremely negative implications for the global economy.	some observers such as kenneth s. deffeyes, matthew simmons, and james howard kunstler believe that because of the high dependence of most modern industrial transport, agricultural and industrial systems on inexpensive oil, the post-peak production decline and possible severe increases in the price of oil will have negative implications for the global economy.
he compares the shooting of jesse james by the cowardly james' outlaw-partner robert ford to his past failed romances.	he compares the shooting of jesse james by the james' outlaw-partner robert ford to his past failed romances.
"d'onofrio continued to play a wide variety of roles, including iconic director orson welles in tim burton's ed wood, farmer edgar and the evil ""bug"" that possesses him from men in black, the father of a saint in nancy savoca's household saints, yippie founder abbie hoffman in steal this movie, a time traveler from the distant future in happy accidents, and opposite jennifer lopez as serial killer carl stargher in the cell."	"d'onofrio continued to play a wide variety of roles, including director orson welles in tim burton's ed wood, farmer edgar and the evil ""bug"" that possesses him from men in black, the father of a saint in nancy savoca's household saints, yippie founder abbie hoffman in steal this movie, a time traveler from the distant future in happy accidents, and opposite jennifer lopez as serial killer carl stargher in the cell."
the collaboration with the allies was considered a far greater breech of neutrality than the concessions to the germans, but it is often overshadowed by these concessions.	the collaboration with the allies was considered a far greater breach of neutrality than the concessions to the germans, but it is often overshadowed by these concessions.
millenium hall was scott's only significant novel.	millenium hall was scott's most significant novel.
in practice such decisions are made informally by editors on the basis of their experience and intuition, however analysis shows that several factors are consistently applied across a range of news organizations.	in practice such decisions are made informally by editors on the basis of their experience and intuition, and analysis shows that several factors are consistently applied across a range of news organizations.
one of the famous regiments of the indian army, the glorious history of mli spans over 235 years.	one of the famous regiments of the indian army, the history of mli spans over 235 years.
from 1799 to 1818, through nikolai rezanov's interference , he became chief manager for the influential russian-american company.	from 1799 to 1818, through nikolai rezanov's intervention , he became chief manager for the influential russian-american company.
immediate estimates of the civilian death toll ranged from a few tens to up to 2000, with a later full investigation finding 207 deaths.	estimates of the civilian death toll ranged from a few tens to up to 2000, with a later full investigation finding 207 deaths.
despite great support it was unfortunately defeated by just 14 votes.	despite great support it was defeated by just 14 votes.
tensions had been high within the crowd, as earlier seven people in attendance died when insurgent s fired mortars into the crowd.	tensions had been high within the crowd, as earlier seven people in attendance died when terrorist s fired mortars into the crowd.
"the book ""flashman in the great game"" (5th book in the flashman series) is a historical novel by george macdonald fraser set in india during the mutiny and involves many of the locations and persons involved."	"the book ""flashman in the great game"" (5th book in the flashman series) is a historical novel by george macdonald fraser set in india during the rebellion and involves many of the locations and persons involved."
"booker claimed that the analysis by wuwt drew attention to the fact that the warming ""appears to be strangely concentrated in those parts of the world where it has fewest weather stations."	"booker noted that the analysis by wuwt drew attention to the fact that the warming ""appears to be strangely concentrated in those parts of the world where it has fewest weather stations."
roedad khan joined the civil service of pakistan in 1949 and has held several important appointments, including those of chief secretary sindh, chief secretary nwfp, managing director pakistan television corporation (ptv), secretary information & broadcasting, secretary ministry of labour, secretary ministry of tourism, secretary ministry of interior, secretary general ministry of interior, federal minister of accountability and advisor to the prime minister and president.	roedad khan joined the civil service of pakistan in 1949 and has held several appointments, including those of chief secretary sindh, chief secretary nwfp, managing director pakistan television corporation (ptv), secretary information & broadcasting, secretary ministry of labour, secretary ministry of tourism, secretary ministry of interior, secretary general ministry of interior, federal minister of accountability and advisor to the prime minister and president.
miller was replaced by another ann arbor expatriate, saxophonist/keyboardist steve adams of your neighborhood saxophone quartet (who had shared many memorable bills with birdsongs).	miller was replaced by another ann arbor expatriate, saxophonist/keyboardist steve adams of your neighborhood saxophone quartet (who had shared many bills with birdsongs).
the scholarships are equivalent to oxford's rhodes scholarships, although the gates scholarships are much younger and currently lack some of the prestige.	the scholarships are similar to oxford's rhodes scholarships, although the gates scholarships are much younger and currently lack some of the prestige.
both mainstream climatologists and those skeptical of global warming have accused each other of politicizing the science behind climate change.	both mainstream climatologists and those with alternative views of global warming have accused each other of politicizing the science behind climate change.
a 2002 literature review of selective abortion rates found that 9193% of pregnancies with a diagnosis of down syndrome were terminated.	a 2002 literature review of abortion rates found that 9193% of pregnancies with a diagnosis of down syndrome were terminated.
the report asserts that the groups are tied to extremists in the anti-immigrant movement even though they are quoted in the press and meet with lawmakers.	the report argued that the groups are tied to extremists in the anti-immigrant movement even though they are quoted in the press and meet with lawmakers.
through september 25, drew is batting just .261 with 10 home runs, 117 hits and 57 rbis, far below his normal production.	through september 25, drew is batting .261 with 10 home runs, 117 hits and 57 rbis, far below his normal production.
"this is not surprising, given that the country was greece's biggest creditor going into the maelstrom, but the germans have come under heavy fire for perceived hypocrisy and for the austerity and debt-relief programme they have helped foist on greece, a programme that has led to accusations of germany engaging in a ""naked pursuit"" of its own national interests rather than attempting to solve the crisis and make the adjustments necessary for the mediterranean country to recover."	"this is not surprising, given that the country was greece's biggest creditor going into the maelstrom, but the germans have come under heavy fire for perceived hypocrisy and for the austerity and debt-relief programme they have helped impose on greece, a programme that has led to accusations of germany engaging in a ""naked pursuit"" of its own national interests rather than attempting to solve the crisis and make the adjustments necessary for the mediterranean country to recover."
in the 2009 comic relief for red nose day, comedienne catherine tate stars as carol's counterpart who is evaluating carol to see if she makes standards to keep her job during the credit crunch.	in the 2009 comic relief for red nose day, comedian catherine tate stars as carol's counterpart who is evaluating carol to see if she makes standards to keep her job during the credit crunch.
with low property prices in the british residential property market of the late 1980s and early 1990s, gazumping became woefully commonplace in england and wales where, under english law, a buyer's offer is not legally binding even after acceptance of the sale agreement by the vendor.	with low property prices in the british residential property market of the late 1980s and early 1990s, gazumping became commonplace in england and wales where, under english law, a buyer's offer is not legally binding even after acceptance of the sale agreement by the vendor.
smara, also samara and semara , is a city in the moroccan- occupied part of western sahara, with a population estimated at 42,056. it is served by smara airport.	smara, also samara and semara , is a city in the moroccan- controlled part of western sahara, with a population estimated at 42,056. it is served by smara airport.
lawsuit against wikimedia foundation for alleged copyright violation	lawsuit against wikimedia foundation for copyright violation
"three-time world champion nelson piquet once described racing in monaco as ""like riding a bicycle around your living room""."	"three-time world champion nelson piquet famously described racing in monaco as ""like riding a bicycle around your living room""."
"maureen ""mo"" harris (ne porter) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, who has been in the series since 18 september 2000, played by laila morse."	"maureen ""mo"" harris (ne porter) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, who has been in the series since 18 september 2000, played by laila morse."
everquest ii (commonly abbreviated as eq2), based upon the more popular everquest, is a fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) developed by sony online entertainment (soe) and shipped on november 8, 2004. it features graphics and gameplay vastly updated from its predecessor as well as npcs that use audio for speech.	everquest ii (commonly abbreviated as eq2), based upon the popular everquest, is a fantasy massively multiplayer online role-playing game (mmorpg) developed by sony online entertainment (soe) and shipped on november 8, 2004. it features graphics and gameplay vastly updated from its predecessor as well as npcs that use audio for speech.
ubuntu one is a proprietary storage application and service operated by canonical ltd and currently in private beta.	ubuntu one is a storage application and service operated by canonical ltd and currently in private beta.
podgorica airport ( montenegrin : /aerodrom podgorica) is an international airport located 11 km (7 miles) south of podgorica, montenegro.	podgorica airport ( serbian : /aerodrom podgorica) is an international airport located 11 km (7 miles) south of podgorica, montenegro.
most recently, diaz dated former nsync member justin timberlake, whom she met at the kids' choice awards in 2003. after nearly four years together, the pair issued a joint statement on january 11, 2007, announcing they had sadley broken up, following weeks of break-up rumors.	most recently, diaz dated former nsync member justin timberlake, whom she met at the kids' choice awards in 2003. after nearly four years together, the pair issued a joint statement on january 11, 2007, announcing they had broken up, following weeks of break-up rumors.
local guide books advertise the observation deck's spectacular views of tallinn and extending to the gulf of finland.	local guide books advertise the observation deck's views of tallinn and extending to the gulf of finland.
list of uniate eastern catholic exarchates	list of eastern catholic exarchates
in an op-ed published in usa today, gifford and kelly referred to the nra lobby and sought to counter it by creating a lobby dedicated to responsible gun control measures.	in an op-ed published in usa today, gifford and kelly referred to the nra lobby and sought to counter it by creating a lobby dedicated to gun control measures.
often used in the same sense as poseur and wannabe, especially when referring to someone who knows little of actual irish culture, but aggressively asserts their 'irish' identity.	sometimes used in the same sense as poseur and wannabe, especially when referring to someone who knows little of actual irish culture, but aggressively asserts their 'irish' identity.
peta observes rodeo animals suffer fear and pain.	peta claims rodeo animals suffer fear and pain.
lamont narrowly defeated lieberman in the august 8 democratic primary.	lamont defeated lieberman in the august 8 democratic primary.
the t206 honus wagner baseball card is a rare baseball card depicting honus wagner, a dead-ball era baseball player who is widely considered to be one of the finest players of all time.	the t206 honus wagner baseball card is a baseball card depicting honus wagner, a dead-ball era baseball player who is widely considered to be one of the finest players of all time.
de valera's policy of neutrality enabled the state to maintain internal political unity: irish neutrality during world war ii had broad support with only one vote against it in dil eireann (the lower houser of parliament), from james dillon, who argued that the state should side with the allies.	de valera's policy of neutrality enabled the state to maintain internal political unity: irish neutrality during world war ii had broad support with only one vote against it in dil eireann (the lower house of parliament), from james dillon, who argued that the state should side with the allies.
while members of npr's audience are more likely to be college educated than those who listen to other radio outlets, the progressive fairness and accuracy in reporting, a media watchdog group, disputes the claim of a liberal bias.	while members of npr's audience are more likely to be college educated than those who listen to other radio outlets, the liberal fairness and accuracy in reporting, a media watchdog group, disputes the claim of a liberal bias.
"the ael claimed that belgian police were engaging in a racist ""manhunt"" of the city's moroccan youth and that many police officers sympathized with the racist political party vlaams blok."	"the ael claimed that belgian police were engaging in a racist ""manhunt"" of the city's moroccan youth and that many police officers sympathized with the political party vlaams blok."
in a similar manner to the gnostic gospel of thomas, it is a sayings gospel, a collection of wise sayings, purportedly of jesus.	in a similar manner to the gospel of thomas, it is a sayings gospel, a collection of wise sayings, purportedly of jesus.
sermons against jews and judaizing christians	sermons on jews and judaizing christians
moderates argued for a less orthodox interpretation of the bible and were open to adopting changes that reflected those taking place in society as a whole.	moderates argued for a less fundamentalist interpretation of the bible and were open to adopting changes that reflected those taking place in society as a whole.
"the release of ""startin'/born to be..."" makes ayu the female singer with the most #1 singles in japan, finally surpassing seiko matsuda."	"the release of ""startin'/born to be..."" makes ayu the female singer with the most #1 singles in japan, surpassing seiko matsuda."
in 1998 she won acclaim for her seamless completion of dorothy l. sayers' unfinished novel, thrones, dominations.	in 1998 she won acclaim for her completion of dorothy l. sayers' unfinished novel, thrones, dominations.
laine received a concussion, missing 8 games.	laine suffered a concussion, missing 8 games.
"michael joseph jackson (born august 29 1958 in gary, indiana) is an african-american singer-songwriter, producer, musician and self-proclaimed philanthropist who is known by his peers and fans as the ""king of pop"", and by his critics as ""wacko jacko""."	"michael joseph jackson (born august 29 1958 in gary, indiana) is an african-american singer-songwriter, producer, musician and philanthropist who is known by his peers and fans as the ""king of pop"", and by his critics as ""wacko jacko""."
the beautiful outback township of quorn, south australia was named in may 1878 by governor william jervois of the then province of south australia after quorn, leicestershire - the birthplace of his private secretary, mr j. h. b. warner.	the outback township of quorn, south australia was named in may 1878 by governor william jervois of the then province of south australia after quorn, leicestershire - the birthplace of his private secretary, mr j. h. b. warner.
auto-b-good is an award-winning american animated series.	auto-b-good is an american animated series.
it is also regularly over- used in the british tv series holby city and has been played in the popular british soap hollyoaks several times.	it is also regularly used in the british tv series holby city and has been played in the popular british soap hollyoaks several times.
ian mackendrick hendry (13 january 1931 24 december 1984) was a gifted english film, television and stage actor best known for his parts in the lotus eaters, and get carter.	ian mackendrick hendry (13 january 1931 24 december 1984) was a english film, television and stage actor best known for his parts in the lotus eaters, and get carter.
anarcho-capitalism is referred to by some scholars, both pro and anti-capitalist, as a form of individualist anarchism lying outside the anti-capitalistic, socialistic mass-movement mainstream of political anarchism.	anarcho-capitalism is referred to by a number of scholars, both pro and anti-capitalist, as a form of individualist anarchism lying outside the anti-capitalistic, socialistic mass-movement mainstream of political anarchism.
others refute individual points of the work.	others contest individual points of the work.
united kingdom: the duke of wellington, who was taking the place of viscount castlereagh after his tragic suicide on the eve of the congress.	united kingdom: the duke of wellington, who was taking the place of viscount castlereagh after his suicide on the eve of the congress.
at this point, the applet was largely unknown, except to the lucky few who had discovered it already.	at this point, the applet was largely unknown, except to the few who had discovered it already.
macfarlane is a skilled pianist and singer who, in his early years, trained with lee and sally sweetland, the vocal coaches of barbra streisand and frank sinatra.	macfarlane is a pianist and singer who, in his early years, trained with lee and sally sweetland, the vocal coaches of barbra streisand and frank sinatra.
in 1976, an alliance of christian militias with the backing of the lebanese and syrian army besieged the tel al-zaatar refugee camp in christian-held beirut.	in 1976, an alliance of christian militias with the backing of the lebanese and syrian army besieged the tel al-zaatar refugee camp in east beirut .
is an obscure agent-based programming language in the tradition of logic-based programming languages like prolog.	is an agent-based programming language in the tradition of logic-based programming languages like prolog.
emperor huai was captured in 311 and later murdered in 313 under the order of liu cong, ruler of the hunnic state of han zhao.	emperor huai was captured in 311 and later executed in 313 under the order of liu cong, ruler of the hunnic state of han zhao.
as the inevitable war approached, the president of the b&o railroad, john garrett, who was sympathetic to the union, did all he could to placate both sides in order to protect the railroad operations.	as the war approached, the president of the b&o railroad, john garrett, who was sympathetic to the union, did all he could to placate both sides in order to protect the railroad operations.
the term gained popularity in the 1995 book by that title, written by the author, psychologist, and science journalist daniel goleman, but his model has been widely criticized within the scientific community.	the term gained popularity in the 1995 book by that title, written by the author, psychologist, and science journalist daniel goleman, but his model has been criticized within the scientific community.
bernadotte was assassinated on 17 september 1948 by members of the terrorist stern gang.	bernadotte was assassinated on 17 september 1948 by members of the militant stern gang.
burma, officially the union of myanmar (burmese: 150px, ), is the largest country by geographical area in mainland southeast asia.	burma, or by decree of the current ruling military junta the union of myanmar (burmese: 150px, ), is the largest country by geographical area in mainland southeast asia.
"more recently, in reaction to syriac christians improperly calling themselves ""assyrians"", there has been an awakening of the self-appellation ""aramaean"", especially among syriacs in the diaspora, but to a growing extent also in turkey, and among some maronites in lebanon."	"more recently, in reaction to syriac christians calling themselves ""assyrians"", there has been an awakening of the self-appellation ""aramaean"", especially among syriacs in the diaspora, but to a growing extent also in turkey, and among some maronites in lebanon."
"according to jim lobe, cited in the fall of the house of bush by craig unger (p. 39, n.), kagan's turn away from liberalism occurred in 1969 when cornell university was pressured into starting a black studies program by gun-wielding anti-american militants seizing the willard straight hall: ""watching administrators demonstrate all the courage of neville chamberlain had a great impact on me, and i became much more conservative."""	"according to jim lobe, cited in the fall of the house of bush by craig unger (p. 39, n.), kagan's turn away from liberalism occurred in 1969 when cornell university was pressured into starting a black studies program by gun-wielding militants seizing the willard straight hall: ""watching administrators demonstrate all the courage of neville chamberlain had a great impact on me, and i became much more conservative."""
"haskell insinuated that roosevelt granted the pipeline franchise as a reward to standard oil, an oil refinery who would benefit from the deal, for contrinbuting $150,000 to the republicans in 1904. roosevelt branded haskell's bribery allegation as ""a lie, pure and simple""."	"haskell insinuated that roosevelt granted the pipeline franchise as a reward to standard oil, an oil refinery who would benefit from the deal, for contrinbuting $150,000 to the republicans in 1904. roosevelt branded haskell's allegation as ""a lie, pure and simple""."
"1988's everything was another multi-platinum smash, and included their biggest selling single in the soporific ballad ""eternal flame"", but working relationships within the band had broken down and they split shortly after, with hoffs embarking on a solo career and vicki peterson touring as a member of the go-gos and the continental drifters."	"1988's everything was another multi-platinum smash, and included their biggest selling single in the soft ballad ""eternal flame"", but working relationships within the band had broken down and they split shortly after, with hoffs embarking on a solo career and vicki peterson touring as a member of the go-gos and the continental drifters."
he appears to have gone directly to an area of woodlands about a mile away from his home, where he took up to 29 tablets of co-proxamol, an analgesic drug.	he appears to have gone directly to an area of woodlands about a mile away from his home, where he ingested up to 29 tablets of co-proxamol, an analgesic drug.
"the chairman of the appropriations committee has enormous power to bring home special projects (sometimes referred to as ""pork barrel spending"") for his or her state as well as having the final say on other senators' appropriation requests."	"the chairperson of the appropriations committee has enormous power to bring home special projects (sometimes referred to as ""pork barrel spending"") for his or her state as well as having the final say on other senators' appropriation requests."
fvwm 2.5 xsession running on debian 7 gnu/ linux	fvwm 2.5 xsession running on debian 7 linux
in the early years of the simpsons, moe was the frequent target of bart simpson's legendary prank phone calls.	in the early years of the simpsons, moe was the frequent target of bart simpson's prank phone calls.
although not immediately related to the microcanonical ensemble, the expression for entropy above can be used to calculated the so-called residual entropy.	although not immediately related to the microcanonical ensemble, the expression for entropy above can be used to calculated the residual entropy.
on may 4 2008, with only one game to go at home to sheffield united, the saints were facing relegation to league 1. after going 1-0 down, pearson's side pulled off a magnificent comeback to win the game 3-2, and secure championship status for another season, at the expense of leicester city, who could only manage a 0-0 draw with stoke city.	on may 4 2008, with only one game to go at home to sheffield united, the saints were facing relegation to league 1. after going 1-0 down, pearson's side pulled off a comeback to win the game 3-2, and secure championship status for another season, at the expense of leicester city, who could only manage a 0-0 draw with stoke city.
ivan's reign, and his mother's regency, lasted but thirteen months, for on december 6, 1741 a coup d'tat placed elizabeth of russia on the throne, and ivan and his family were imprisoned in the fortress of dnamnde (13 december 1742) after a preliminary detention at riga, from where the new empress had at first intended to send the unhappy family home to brunswick.	ivan's reign, and his mother's regency, lasted thirteen months, for on december 6, 1741 a coup d'tat placed elizabeth of russia on the throne, and ivan and his family were imprisoned in the fortress of dnamnde (13 december 1742) after a preliminary detention at riga, from where the new empress had at first intended to send the unhappy family home to brunswick.
this is despite being named the richest club in the world as well as making outrageous purchases in the transfer market.	this is despite being named the richest club in the world as well as making high profile purchases in the transfer market.
the song is a narrative ballad told in the first person and tells the bittersweet story of two long-ago lovers meeting on christmas eve.	the song is a narrative ballad told in the first person and tells the story of two long-ago lovers meeting on christmas eve.
in the region there are four large refugee camps for sahrawi refugees from western sahara: el aaiun, awserd, smara, and dakhla (not to be confused with the occupied cities after which they are named).	in the region there are four large refugee camps for sahrawi refugees from western sahara: el aaiun, awserd, smara, and dakhla (not to be confused with the cities after which they are named).
ubuntu has been selected by readers of desktoplinux.com as the most popular gnu/ linux distribution for the desktop, claiming approximately 30% of their desktop installations in both 2006 and 2007.	ubuntu has been selected by readers of desktoplinux.com as the most popular linux distribution for the desktop, claiming approximately 30% of their desktop installations in both 2006 and 2007.
mafia is also noted for having incredible damage physics on nearly all vehicles.	mafia is also noted for having damage physics on nearly all vehicles.
"pym eventually adopts his first alternate identity as the 12-foot-tall giant-man and with the wasp continues to star in the feature ""giant-man"", battling off-beat foes such as the living eraser; the human top and the porcupine until issue #69 being replaced by namor the sub-mariner the following issue."	"pym eventually adopts his first alternate identity as the 12-foot-tall giant-man and with the wasp continues to star in the feature ""giant-man"", battling foes such as the living eraser; the human top and the porcupine until issue #69 being replaced by namor the sub-mariner the following issue."
robert st.john preferred to stick with the name of metamorphosis and was involved with the branch with this name until his passing .	robert st.john preferred to stick with the name of metamorphosis and was involved with the branch with this name until his death .
border troop sevicemen were among the defenders of the legendary brest fortress.	border troop sevicemen were among the defenders of the brest fortress.
cho seung-hui (january 18, 1984 april 16, 2007) was the disturbed perpetrator of the virginia tech massacre of april 16, 2007, in blacksburg, virginia, united states, according to police reports.	cho seung-hui (january 18, 1984 april 16, 2007) was the perpetrator of the virginia tech massacre of april 16, 2007, in blacksburg, virginia, united states, according to police reports.
cavemen, a failed 2007 sitcom that aired on abc	cavemen, a 2007 sitcom that aired on abc
reminisce (aka rem, pseudonyms of ruby rose neri) is a sculptor, painter, and former street artist from san francisco and los angeles, california, known for her evocative portrayal of horses.	reminisce (aka rem, pseudonyms of ruby rose neri) is a sculptor, painter, and former street artist from san francisco and los angeles, california, known for her portrayal of horses.
"lina flor died of a heart attack on february 11, 1976. numerous people, including her fans, co-workers, and others came at her wake; while many of her colleagues spoke and wrote about her passing , constantly referring to her ""goodness and generosity, her thoughtfulness and graciousness, truly a life lived for others."""	"lina flor died of a heart attack on february 11, 1976. numerous people, including her fans, co-workers, and others came at her wake; while many of her colleagues spoke and wrote about her death , constantly referring to her ""goodness and generosity, her thoughtfulness and graciousness, truly a life lived for others."""
many on white nationalist forums have questioned his pedigree as it seems he was involved with the occupy wall street movement and previously supported president barack obama.	many on white nationalist forums have questioned his background as it seems he was involved with the occupy wall street movement and previously supported president barack obama.
for his heroic actions defending the convoy, considered one of the most important british strategic victories of the war, he was awarded the merchant marine distinguished service medal.	for his actions defending the convoy, considered one of the most important british strategic victories of the war, he was awarded the merchant marine distinguished service medal.
the most determined proponents of an ishtar/easter connection are not neopagans but certain fundamentalist christians, notably ralph woodrow, whose babylonian mystery religion includes the easter/ishtar fallacy and condemns the celebration's trappings as unchristian .	the most determined proponents of an ishtar/easter connection are not neopagans but certain fundamentalist christians, notably ralph woodrow, whose babylonian mystery religion includes the easter/ishtar hypothesis and condemns the celebration's trappings as unchristian .
"dio's account gives more prurient detail: that the noblest women were impaled on spikes and had their breasts cut off and sewn to their mouths, ""to the accompaniment of sacrifices, banquets, and wanton behaviour"" in sacred places, particularly the groves of andraste."	"dio's account gives more detail: that the noblest women were impaled on spikes and had their breasts cut off and sewn to their mouths, ""to the accompaniment of sacrifices, banquets, and wanton behaviour"" in sacred places, particularly the groves of andraste."
she says that she did not like it and she does not support legalizing marijuana, worrying about the message it would send to her kids.	she says that she did not like it and she does not support legalizing marijuana, claiming that she worries about the message it would send to her kids.
he now resides in halifax with his beautiful wife shirley and daughters sarah, who is in her first year at dalhousie law school and connie, who is in her final year at st. fx.	he now resides in halifax with his wife shirley and daughters sarah, who is in her first year at dalhousie law school and connie, who is in her final year at st. fx.
care and feeding of an ibm model m keyboard : a nice model m restoration guide	care and feeding of an ibm model m keyboard : a model m restoration guide
real deservedly won the first leg 20 at home.	real won the first leg 20 at home.
because this fort was on the summit of a hill, the occupants would have had a fine view of the countryside as well as any potential invaders.	because this fort was on the summit of a hill, the occupants would have had a view of the countryside as well as any potential invaders.
on october 3, 1993, an attempt by the united states army to capture lieutenants of the warlord mohamed farrah aidid while successful, ended in disaster .	on october 3, 1993, an attempt by the united states army to capture lieutenants of the warlord mohamed farrah aidid while successful, ended in a battle with heavy casualties .
the suitors do the same to each other.	the othe four contestants do the same to each other.
al yee, a disneyland accountant, was the first member and had account number 1 until his passing .	al yee, a disneyland accountant, was the first member and had account number 1 until his death .
ab bakr al-baghdadi (; born ibrahim awad ibrahim al-badri on 28 july 1971) is the leader of the khawarij militant jihadist organisation known as the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil), which controls territory in several countries.	ab bakr al-baghdadi (; born ibrahim awad ibrahim al-badri on 28 july 1971) is the leader of the sunni salafi jihadist (some consider it a neo-kharijite group) militant jihadist organisation known as the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isil), which controls territory in several countries.
since 1923, new zealand marmite has been locked in a battle with vegemite, an american-owned australian spread with a similar appearance but markedly inferior flavour.	since 1923, new zealand marmite has been locked in a battle with vegemite, an american-owned australian spread with a similar appearance but markedly different flavour.
"or eta (basque for ""basque homeland and freedom""; ), is an armed basque nationalist terrorist organisation."	"or eta (basque for ""basque homeland and freedom""; ), is an armed basque nationalist separatist organisation."
it symbolizes the shroud in which our jesus was wrapped for burial.	it symbolizes the shroud in which jesus was wrapped for burial.
since this is not something you normally do, you may need to monitor your adam's apple with your fingers.	if this is not something you normally do, you may need to monitor your adam's apple with your fingers.
"a lawyer, a friend of the clintons, and an outspoken supporter of president clinton during his controversial second term, davis has been on liddy's radio show numerous times, and for many years, when davis appeared on liddy's show, he would be boasted as ""the liberal's liberal"" and ""defending the indefensible – the clinton presidency"", and would have a special spiel played after jan hammer's miami vice theme (the theme song from 1984 until 1990) started the show, as it did originally."	"a lawyer, a friend of the clintons, and an outspoken supporter of president clinton during his second term, davis has been on liddy's radio show numerous times, and for many years, when davis appeared on liddy's show, he would be boasted as ""the liberal's liberal"" and ""defending the indefensible – the clinton presidency"", and would have a special spiel played after jan hammer's miami vice theme (the theme song from 1984 until 1990) started the show, as it did originally."
"the deputy mayor of krakow, referring to the evidence of racism and anti-semitism broadcast by panorama, said: ""we believe that, step by step, the clubs will also take more responsibility for this kind of activity at stadiums""."	"the deputy mayor of krakow, referring to the incidents of racism and anti-semitism broadcast by panorama, said: ""we believe that, step by step, the clubs will also take more responsibility for this kind of activity at stadiums""."
september 11, 2001 attacksincluding world trade center bombing february 26, 1993	september 11, 2001 attacks including world trade center bombing february 26, 1993
bicycles are still an important mode of transportation for people of lower middle class in india	bicycles are an important mode of transportation for people of lower middle class in india
"he currently plays for the best english club liverpool as a striker and is, at 6' 7"", the tallest player ever to play for the club."	"he currently plays for the english club liverpool as a striker and is, at 6' 7"", the tallest player ever to play for the club."
recently, william and mary made great strides in private fund raising (the college has over 75,000 alumni) and increased its endowment.	recently, william and mary made strides in private fund raising (the college has over 75,000 alumni) and increased its endowment.
thus, catholics often argue against this doctrine because it seems to originate with calvin rather than within their own tradition.	thus, catholics often argue against this doctrine because it seems to originate with calvin rather than with the apostles, whose teaching catholics believe to be preserved in their own tradition.
margo jones (december 12, 1911 july 24, 1955 ) was an influential american stage director and producer best known for launching the american regional theater movement and for introducing the theater-in-the-round concept in dallas, texas.	margo jones (december 12, 1911 july 24, 1955 ) was an american stage director and producer best known for launching the american regional theater movement and for introducing the theater-in-the-round concept in dallas, texas.
1923 – than tun, influential burmesehistorian (d. 2005)	1923 – than tun, burmesehistorian (d. 2005)
the international conference on condensed matter nuclear science is a recurring meeting of scientists to present their findings in the field of cold fusion.	the international conference on condensed matter nuclear science is a recurring meeting of people to present their findings in the field of cold fusion.
kurdish parties joined forces against the iraqi regime in the operation iraqi freedom in spring 2003. the kurdish military forces known as peshmerga played a key role in the overthrow of the former iraqi regime.	kurdish parties joined forces against the iraqi government in the operation iraqi freedom in spring 2003. the kurdish military forces known as peshmerga played a key role in the overthrow of the former iraqi regime.
the film was a spin off of the popular terrible ten tv series.	the film was a spin off of the terrible ten tv series.
"it's frequently cited by unpatriotic conspiracy theorists as ""proof"" that the military has taken over the united states government."	"it's frequently cited by conspiracy theorists as ""proof"" that the military has taken over the united states government."
settings vary from military bases to factories to offices to starbases, but each is packed with enemy soldiers, traps, puzzles involving key cards or the manipulation of switches, and occasionally innocent bystanders, some of which can be ignored but others of which should be killed before they have the chance to cause further trouble (the game unfortunately does not support the use of non-lethal force).	settings vary from military bases to factories to offices to starbases, but each is packed with enemy soldiers, traps, puzzles involving key cards or the manipulation of switches, and occasionally innocent bystanders, some of which can be ignored but others of which should be killed before they have the chance to cause further trouble (the game does not support the use of non-lethal force).
"in 1987, the respected australian minister for science, barry jones, launching the second mahogany ship symposium in warrnambool, said ""i read kenneth mcintyre's important book... as soon as it appeared in 1977. i found its central argument... persuasive, if not conclusive."""	"in 1987, the australian minister for science, barry jones, launching the second mahogany ship symposium in warrnambool, said ""i read kenneth mcintyre's important book... as soon as it appeared in 1977. i found its central argument... persuasive, if not conclusive."""
born and raised in accra, ghana, kotei began his footballing career when he was merely 9 years old in 2002 with kumasi-based corner babies f.c.	born and raised in accra, ghana, kotei began his footballing career when he was 9 years old in 2002 with kumasi-based corner babies f.c.
in september 2007, after carr came under fire following the wolverines' shocking 0-2 start, crowe traveled to ann arbor, michigan for the wolverines' 15 september game against notre dame to show his support for carr.	in september 2007, after carr came under fire following the wolverines' 0-2 start, crowe traveled to ann arbor, michigan for the wolverines' 15 september game against notre dame to show his support for carr.
"shakespeare hinted at the word in hamlet, twelfth night and henry v: hamlet quips about ""country matters"" when he tries to lay his head in ophelia's lap; malvolio has the deliciously salacious line ""these be her very c's, her u's, and her t's, and thus she makes her great p's"" ;and the french princess katherine is amused by the word gown for its similarity to the french for cunt, con."	"shakespeare hinted at the word in hamlet, twelfth night and henry v: hamlet quips about ""country matters"" when he tries to lay his head in ophelia's lap; malvolio has the salacious line ""these be her very c's, her u's, and her t's, and thus she makes her great p's""; and the french princess katherine is amused by the word gown for its similarity to the french for cunt, con."
after playing four seasons at the university of wisconsin -madison , tancill made his professional debut with the american hockey league's springfield indians in the 1990-91 season and was one of the stars leading the team to the calder cup championship in that year.	after playing four seasons at the university of wisconsin, tancill made his professional debut with the american hockey league's springfield indians in the 1990-91 season and was one of the stars leading the team to the calder cup championship in that year.
unfortunately , the tigers lost all five games and the division title went to the minnesota twins.	however , the tigers lost all five games and the division title went to the minnesota twins.
the polarizing dictator of the french revolution was described frequently by his enemies as the nephew of damiens.	the polarizing figure of the french revolution was described frequently by his enemies as the nephew of damiens.
"the national caucus of labor committees (nclc) is a political cadre organization in the united states founded and controlled by political activist lyndon larouche, who has sometimes described it as a ""philosophical association""."	"the national caucus of labor committees (nclc) is a political organization in the united states founded and controlled by political activist lyndon larouche, who has sometimes described it as a ""philosophical association""."
hsu notes that when taken to the level of the family at large, pro-family attitudes informed by filial piety can lead to nepotism, corruption and eventually are at tension with the good of the state as whole.	hsu makes the argument that when taken to the level of the family at large, pro-family attitudes informed by filial piety can lead to nepotism, corruption and eventually are at tension with the good of the state as whole.
the country is sliding deeper into anarchy and poverty, with the ex-kgb secret police terrorising dissidents who oppose karasov.	the country is sliding deeper into chaos and poverty, with the ex-kgb secret police terrorising dissidents who oppose karasov.
pink slime is a food additive consisting of heated and processed beef scraps treated with ammonium hydroxide to kill bacteria.	pink slime is a food additive consisting of heated and processed beef scrap waste treated with ammonium hydroxide to kill bacteria.
this was the first time since the unification of japan that the island nation had been successfully occupied by a foreign power.	this was the first time since the unification of japan that the island nation had been occupied by a foreign power.
however, the existing mk 5 bomb would have produced excessive drag and the mk 7, already deployed by f-84 units, was restricted to a maximum carriage speed of mach 0.82, prohibiting full use of the blistering performance of the voodoo.	however, the existing mk 5 bomb would have produced excessive drag and the mk 7, already deployed by f-84 units, was restricted to a maximum carriage speed of mach 0.82, prohibiting full use of the high-speed performance of the voodoo.
cetshwayo had not responded by the end of the year, so an extension was granted by bartle frere until 11 january 1879. cetshwayo returned no answer to the preposterous demands of bartle frere, and in january 1879 a british force under lieutenant general frederick augustus thesiger, 2nd baron chelmsford invaded zululand, without authorization by the british government.	cetshwayo had not responded by the end of the year, so an extension was granted by bartle frere until 11 january 1879. cetshwayo returned no answer to the demands of bartle frere, and in january 1879 a british force under lieutenant general frederick augustus thesiger, 2nd baron chelmsford invaded zululand, without authorization by the british government.
koreans, much like the chinese, often feel betrayed by the japanese when apologies are followed by contradictory actions (see dokdo , yasukuni shrine, and japanese history textbook controversies).	koreans, much like the chinese, often feel betrayed by the japanese when apologies are followed by contradictory actions (see liancourt rocks , yasukuni shrine, and japanese history textbook controversies).
krisse salminen ( comedienne ) partnered by matti puro (winner)	krisse salminen ( comedian ) partnered by matti puro (winner)
committee for the scientific investigation of claims of the paranormal a summary of skeptical claims .	committee for the scientific investigation of claims of the paranormal a summary of skeptical criticisms .
his death was confirmed to be non-violent.	his death was claimed by authorities to be non-violent.
"an phoblacht stated that the udr had secret ""death squads"" (see: glenanne gang) sponsored by united kingdom special forces and that members of the udr (in collusion with british intelligence) were behind the dublin and monaghan bombings."	"an phoblacht claimed that the udr had secret ""death squads"" (see: glenanne gang) sponsored by united kingdom special forces and that members of the udr (in collusion with british intelligence) were behind the dublin and monaghan bombings."
siena's baseball team defeated nationally ranked (#5) tennessee in 2006. siena's football team was shamefully discontinued after the 2003 season.	siena's baseball team defeated nationally ranked (#5) tennessee in 2006. siena's football team was discontinued after the 2003 season.
cafeteria christianity is a derogatory term used to criticize individual christians or christian churches who decline to follow particular doctrines of religion advocated by the critic.	cafeteria christianity is a derogatory term used to label individual christians or christian churches who decline to follow particular doctrines of religion advocated by the critic.
mccloskey's tireless efforts to save jobs at the district's crane naval surface weapons warfare center helped secure his re-election.	mccloskey's efforts to save jobs at the district's crane naval surface weapons warfare center helped secure his re-election.
barkat and his family live in the primarily secular upscale neighborhood of beit hakerem in jerusalem.	barkat and his family live in the primarily secular neighborhood of beit hakerem in jerusalem.
pa-tec also rightly criticized septa's haste in converting the railway into a trail:	pa-tec also criticized septa's haste in converting the railway into a trail:
"eldrick ""tiger"" woods (born december 30, 1975) is an american golfer is the greatest golfers of all time."	"eldrick ""tiger"" woods (born december 30, 1975) is an american golfer considered one of the greatest golfers of all time."
gloria daz, born in the ilocos region of the philippines, is a filipino actress who became the first ever filipino to win the miss universe pageant.	gloria daz, born in the ilocos region of the philippines, is a filipino actor who became the first ever filipino to win the miss universe pageant.
in 1898, alfred tragically lost his right hand in an accident at his timber mill and photos taken of him later in life always position him carefully to hide that arm (check the photo at the top of this page to see how the baby wilfred is positioned on his lap to cover his right arm).	in 1898, alfred lost his right hand in an accident at his timber mill and photos taken of him later in life always position him carefully to hide that arm (check the photo at the top of this page to see how the baby wilfred is positioned on his lap to cover his right arm).
hooters is a vulgar euphemism for breasts in common parlance.	hooters is a euphemism for breasts in common parlance.
she is a women's rights activist who has repeatedly spoken out against the country's bad governance under president paul kagame and about injustice and oppression.	she is a women's rights activist who has repeatedly spoken out against the country's governance under president paul kagame and about injustice and oppression.
redirect delta hedging	redirect delta neutral
"he is sympathetic to robert pirsig's observation in lila that ""when one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity."	"he is sympathetic to robert pirsig's statement in lila that ""when one person suffers from a delusion it is called insanity."
the rossington-collins band, as it was christened , then began rehearsals and writing, which took a little longer than expected because of krantz's initial anxiety about being in this band.	the rossington-collins band, as it was named , then began rehearsals and writing, which took a little longer than expected because of krantz's initial anxiety about being in this band.
edward o'brien (born 18 september 1974, county wexford, ireland died 18 february 1996) was a provisional irish republican army (ira) volunteer killed after a bomb he was carrying exploded prematurely on a london bus.	edward o'brien (born 18 september 1974, county wexford, ireland died 18 february 1996) was a provisional irish republican army (ira) member killed after a bomb he was carrying exploded prematurely on a london bus.
tony bedard took over, writing roughly half the series, from #46-89. chris claremont came onboard as of issue #90 and cratered the series with the crossover x-men die by the sword.	tony bedard took over, writing roughly half the series, from #46-89. chris claremont came onboard as of issue #90 and ended the series with the crossover x-men die by the sword.
he did a fascinating show with eskiehirspor supporters after matches when they win.	he did a show with eskiehirspor supporters after matches when they win.
thousands of jews worldwide participate in the daf yomi program as part of a monumental program that was initiated by rabbi meir shapiro in 1923 at the first world congress of the world agudath israel in vienna.	thousands of jews worldwide participate in the daf yomi program as part of a program that was initiated by rabbi meir shapiro in 1923 at the first world congress of the world agudath israel in vienna.
as a poet, st. aldegonde is mainly known through his admirable metrical translation of the psalms (1580); and, the dutch national anthem wilhelmus van nassouwe is also ascribed to him.	as a poet, st. aldegonde is mainly known through his metrical translation of the psalms (1580); and, the dutch national anthem wilhelmus van nassouwe is also ascribed to him.
imad fayez mugniyah (born december 7, 1962) is a senior member of the lebanese terrorist group hizbullah.	imad fayez mugniyah (born december 7, 1962) is a senior member of the lebanese group hizbullah.
the national observance was enacted into law in 1963. while yom hazikaron has been traditionally dedicated to fallen soldiers, commemoration has now been extended to civilian victims of terror .	the national observance was enacted into law in 1963. while yom hazikaron has been traditionally dedicated to fallen soldiers, commemoration has now been extended to civilian victims of the ongoing armed dispute .
some of the first such services were call management related services that we take for granted today: call forwarding (busy and no answer), voice mail, call waiting, conference calling, calling name and number display, called name and number display, call screening, malicious caller identification, busy callback.	some of the first such services were call management related services that many take for granted today: call forwarding (busy and no answer), voice mail, call waiting, conference calling, calling name and number display, called name and number display, call screening, malicious caller identification, busy callback.
the nationalist opposition (hitherto led by john latham), the five labor dissidents (who had formed the all for australia league), and three conservative independent mps who had previously been nationalists (including former prime minister billy hughes) but had been expelled for crossing the floor and bringing down stanley bruce's nationalist government in 1929 (and now called themselves the australian party), all united to form a new party, the uap, under lyons' leadership, to oppose what was seen as the labor government's financial recklessness .	the nationalist opposition (hitherto led by john latham), the five labor dissidents (who had formed the all for australia league), and three conservative independent mps who had previously been nationalists (including former prime minister billy hughes) but had been expelled for crossing the floor and bringing down stanley bruce's nationalist government in 1929 (and now called themselves the australian party), all united to form a new party, the uap, under lyons' leadership, to oppose what was seen as the labor government's financial incapacity .
one of his students was ernest m. satow, who came to japan as an interpreter in the early part of the meiji period and later became the british consul.	one of his students was ernest m. satow, who travelled to japan as an interpreter in the early part of the meiji period and later became the british consul.
romanticism is an artistic, literary, and intellectual movement that originated in the second half of the 18th century in western europe, and gained strength during the industrial revolution.	romanticism is a complex artistic, literary, and intellectual movement that originated in the second half of the 18th century in western europe, and gained strength during the industrial revolution.
"from 1950 to 1956 the t1 was built in wolfsburg; since 1956 it was built in the completely new transporter factory at hannover ( irritatingly spelled ""hanover"" in the us)."	"from 1950 to 1956 the t1 was built in wolfsburg; since 1956 it was built in the completely new transporter factory at hannover (spelled ""hanover"" in the us)."
the song gained international recognition when it was featured prominently in the 1964 film zulu.	the song gained international recognition when it was featured in the 1964 film zulu.
"ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is a controversial american syndicated columnist, author, attorney, former litigator with the center for individual rights, and ""relentlessly combative"" conservative pundit who has frequently appeared on national television and radio programs since the clinton scandals broke, and who frequently speaks on college campuses and at other events."	"ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is a american syndicated columnist, author, attorney, former litigator with the center for individual rights, and ""relentlessly combative"" conservative pundit who has frequently appeared on national television and radio programs since the clinton scandals broke, and who frequently speaks on college campuses and at other events."
the speech was moved to another location and a closed circuit broadcast showed him being interviewed by professor allison stanger, but afterwards there was a violent confrontation with him, vice president for communications bill burger, and stanger (who was injured in the attack with a neck injury and concussion) as they left the mccullough student center.	the speech was moved to another location and a closed circuit broadcast showed him being interviewed by professor allison stanger, but afterwards there was a violent confrontation between him, vice president for communications bill burger, and stanger (who was injured in the attack with a neck injury and concussion) as they left the mccullough student center.
"johnny carson adopted the name ""carnac"" after a guest on his show brought in some paraphernalia from the karnak corporation , a roof coatings manufacturer named after the sacred temple of karnak located in luxor, egypt."	"johnny carson adopted the name ""carnac"" after a guest on his show brought in some paraphernalia from the karnak corporation , a roof coatings manufacturer named after the temple of karnak located in luxor, egypt."
funny quotes from the show	quotes from the show
the last supper was the final meal that jesus shared with his twelve apostles in jerusalem before his crucifixion.	the last supper , according to christian belief, is the final meal that jesus shared with his twelve apostles in jerusalem before his crucifixion.
pal kjller is known for the songs min cykel (my bike) (also called cykelsangen (the bicycle song)) and bakke snagvendt (talk in reverse).	povl kjller is known for the songs min cykel (my bike) (also called cykelsangen (the bicycle song)) and bakke snagvendt (talk in reverse).
steven levitt, a famous american economist, demonstrated in his paper the impact of legalized abortion on crime that the legalization of abortion in the us was followed approximately sixteen years later by a reduction in crime.	steven levitt, a famous american economist, argued, in his paper the impact of legalized abortion on crime that the legalization of abortion in the us was followed approximately sixteen years later by a reduction in crime.
palestinian and international sources allege that the camp and its dwellings were attacked indiscriminately by israel with heavy military equipment, combat helicopters, rockets and missiles, and raised allegations of war crimes and massacre, which were reported in the international media, leading to an increase in negative feelings toward israel; the allegations have been subsequently refuted , and the palestinian death toll estimated at at least 52, with 23 israeli soldiers killed.	palestinian and international sources allege that the camp and its dwellings were attacked indiscriminately by israel with heavy military equipment, combat helicopters, rockets and missiles, and raised allegations of war crimes and massacre, which were reported in the international media, leading to an increase in negative feelings toward israel; the allegations have been subsequently challenged , and the palestinian death toll estimated at at least 52, with 23 israeli soldiers killed.
a mural depicting the patroness of the town, skillfully painted by national artist fernando amorsolo, has replaced the image ravaged during the war.	a mural depicting the patroness of the town, painted by national artist fernando amorsolo , has replaced the image ravaged during the war.
in economic development, it is an approach based on mobilizing the self-help efforts of the poor, rather than providing them with handouts .	in economic development, it is an approach based on mobilizing the self-help efforts of the poor, rather than providing them with social welfare .
idol of padmvat dev, sanadev of lord parshva at walkeshwar temple.	statue of padmvat dev, sanadev of lord parshva at walkeshwar temple.
his ascent through the latter part of the 2016 season, culminating in his second wimbledon, second olympic singles title and his finally reaching world number 1 on 7 november 2016 solidified his claim.	his ascent through the latter part of the 2016 season, culminating in his second wimbledon, second olympic singles title and his finally reaching world number 1 on 7 november 2016 strengthened his claim.
the next orchestration was undertaken by the british conductor henry wood in 1915. he recorded a few sections of his arrangement on a pair of acoustic columbia 78rpm discs in 1920. however, he withdrew his version when maurice ravel's orchestration was published and banned every public performance in the 1930s in deference to ravel's superior work.	the next orchestration was undertaken by the british conductor henry wood in 1915. he recorded a few sections of his arrangement on a pair of acoustic columbia 78rpm discs in 1920. however, he withdrew his version when maurice ravel's orchestration was published and banned every public performance in the 1930s in deference to ravel's work.
in places and time periods where christians were persecuted or christianity was outlawed, cults of crypto-christianity have surfaced.	in places and time periods where christians were persecuted or christianity was outlawed, instances of crypto-christianity have surfaced.
the shreveport plant manufactures the gas-consuming hummer3 suv.	the shreveport plant manufactures the hummer3 suv.
this was criticised by thatcher and others who saw the bosnian muslims as victims of serb genocide .	this was criticised by thatcher and others who saw the bosnian muslims as victims of serb aggression .
john duryea, popular priest at stanford university and in palo alto, california, in 1976	john duryea, priest at stanford university and in palo alto, california, in 1976
the idea for a round-france stage race is also credited to one of his journalists, go lefvre, with whom desgrange had lunch at the caf de madrid in paris on 20 november 1902. promotion of the tour de france certainly proved a great success for the newspaper; circulation leapt from 25,000 before the 1903 tour to 65,000 after it; in 1908 the race boosted circulation past a quarter of a million, and during the 1923 tour it was selling 500,000 copies a day.	the idea for a round-france stage race is also credited to one of his journalists, gorges lefvre, with whom desgrange had lunch at the caf de madrid in paris on 20 november 1902. promotion of the tour de france certainly proved a great success for the newspaper; circulation leapt from 25,000 before the 1903 tour to 65,000 after it; in 1908 the race boosted circulation past a quarter of a million, and during the 1923 tour it was selling 500,000 copies a day.
she was well known for her sob story about her father who shot himself and got paralyzed.	she was well known for her story about her father who shot himself and got paralyzed.
the archaic infra-red port was also removed because it offered no use to the original psp generation other than in homebrew applications.	the infra-red port was also removed because it offered no use to the original psp generation other than in homebrew applications.
shamed simon gregson, who plays taxi boss steve mcdonald in coronation street, lives on gravel lane.	simon gregson, who plays taxi boss steve mcdonald in coronation street, lives on gravel lane.
the last organs to be removed were invariably the heart and lungs so as to keep the victim alive (and in pain) as long as possible.	the last organs to be removed were invariably the heart and lungs so as to keep the condemned alive (and in pain) as long as possible.
in 1846 lord stratford canning, the powerful british ambassador to constantinople obtained permission to take twelve marble reliefs, showing a combat between greeks and amazons.	in 1846 lord stratford canning, the british ambassador to constantinople obtained permission to take twelve marble reliefs, showing a combat between greeks and amazons.
in 2015, the popular family history company myheritage researched uncle sam's family tree and tracked down his living relatives.	in 2015, the family history company myheritage researched uncle sam's family tree and tracked down his living relatives.
preservation of soft tissues is exquisitely rare in the fossil record.	preservation of soft tissues is extremely rare in the fossil record.
many christians believe this is the time adam and eve were born.	some christians believe this is the time adam and eve were born.
on the day of the shooting, the police were hunting four men believed to be involved in the failed bombing the day before.	on the day of the shooting, the police were investigating four men believed to be involved in the failed bombing the day before.
the parish church of leeds (saint peter-at-leeds) is in the anglican diocese of ripon and leeds (which has its cathedral at ripon), in the parish of leeds city along with the splendid georgian church of holy trinity, boar lane and the congregations worshipping at st mary's lincoln green and at the chapel of the holy spirit in centenary house.	the parish church of leeds (saint peter-at-leeds) is in the anglican diocese of ripon and leeds (which has its cathedral at ripon), in the parish of leeds city along with the georgian church of holy trinity, boar lane and the congregations worshipping at st mary's lincoln green and at the chapel of the holy spirit in centenary house.
with unorthodox distribution and online support, the album sold well .	with unorthodox distribution and online support, the album sold successfully .
none of these lurid accounts of kinsey's own sex life find any support at all among official sources and independent biographers.	none of these accounts of kinsey's own sex life find any support at all among official sources and independent biographers.
an observer, with their definition of c, says it takes time / c for light to reach the reflector.	an observer, with his or her definition of c, says it takes time / c for light to reach the reflector.
in september and december 2008, and april 2009, the bbc showed joanna lumley in the land of the northern lights, a fantastic documentary about her search to see the northern lights in northern norway.	in september and december 2008, and april 2009, the bbc showed joanna lumley in the land of the northern lights, a documentary about her search to see the northern lights in northern norway.
"by the scientific definition of the word ""recession"", the great recession ended in the u.s. in june or july 2009. however, economic hardship remains in the u.s. and many other countries."	"by the technical definition of the word ""recession"", the great recession ended in the u.s. in june or july 2009. however, economic hardship remains in the u.s. and many other countries."
"at least one participant rumbled the puerile deceit almost immediately during filming on 10 june 2006, but despite his queries the makers refused to admit that the quiz was a hoax until the ""broadcast"" was over."	"at least one participant rumbled the deceit almost immediately during filming on 10 june 2006, but despite his queries the makers refused to admit that the quiz was a hoax until the ""broadcast"" was over."
purbi joshi is an indian actress, comedienne , performer and anchor of popular indian television shows.she is the daughter of national award-winning theatre, television and film actress sarita joshi and sister of ketki joshi (ketki dave, after marriage).	purbi joshi is an indian actress, comedian , performer and anchor of popular indian television shows.she is the daughter of national award-winning theatre, television and film actress sarita joshi and sister of ketki joshi (ketki dave, after marriage).
amid media reports attributed to us administration sources in early july 2013 that obama's meeting with putin ahead of a g20 meeting in st petersburg, russia, scheduled for september that year, was in doubt due to snowden's protracted sojourn in russia, top us officials repeatedly made it clear to moscow that snowden should without delay be returned to the united states to face justice .	amid media reports attributed to us administration sources in early july 2013 that obama's meeting with putin ahead of a g20 meeting in st petersburg, russia, scheduled for september that year, was in doubt due to snowden's protracted sojourn in russia, top us officials repeatedly made it clear to moscow that snowden should without delay be returned to the united states to face charges .
future legendary liverpool manager bob paisley was famously dropped for the final, even after scoring the winning goal against rivals everton in the semi final.	future legendary liverpool manager bob paisley was dropped for the final, even after scoring the winning goal against rivals everton in the semi final.
it also appeared in the mega-popular tv show dawson's creek.	it also appeared in the tv show dawson's creek.
another charming characteristic is a noticeable gap in her front teeth.	another distinguishing characteristic is a noticeable gap in her front teeth.
his personal life was troubled, with a lifelong-struggle against alcoholism and a pervading catholic- guilt over his son's deafness.	his personal life was troubled, with a lifelong-struggle against alcoholism and a pervading guilt over his son's deafness.
camozzi's brother, chris camozzi, is a notable mixed martial artist who competed under the ufc banner from april 2015 to may 2017.	camozzi's brother, chris camozzi, is a mixed martial artist who competed under the ufc banner from april 2015 to may 2017.
their nephew, the 3rd baron sackville, was father of the writer vita sackville-west who created a wonderful garden at sissinghurst.	their nephew, the 3rd baron sackville, was father of the writer vita sackville-west who created a garden at sissinghurst.
they suggest that opus dei shows characteristic cult behavior such as:	they say that opus dei shows characteristic cult behavior such as:
it is owned by local tycoon h. wayne huizenga, who charges enough rent to the marlins to make playing in the stadium unprofitable.	it is owned by local tycoon h. wayne huizenga, who some see has charged enough rent to the marlins to make playing in the stadium unprofitable.
for the palestinian terrorist movement, see hamas.	for the palestinian political movement, see hamas.
radicals like pat califia argue that politics played an important role in the gay community's rejection of nambla.	some, like pat califia argue that politics played an important role in the gay community's rejection of nambla.
the film portrays the brutal dictatorship of general augusto pinochet.	the film portrays the dictatorship of general augusto pinochet.
they mounted a spirited rally in the last month of the 2007 regular season, winning 21 of their final 22 games, and reached the 2007 world series.	they mounted a rally in the last month of the 2007 regular season, winning 21 of their final 22 games, and reached the 2007 world series.
an overly- familiar modern literary quest is frodo baggins's quest to destroy the one ring in the lord of the rings.	an familiar modern literary quest is frodo baggins's quest to destroy the one ring in the lord of the rings.
blossom jackson is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by mona hammond.	blossom jackson is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by mona hammond.
further, some pointed to the soviet union as a successful planned economy which had avoided the disasters of the capitalist world and even argued for a move toward socialism.	further, some pointed to the soviet union as a successful planned economy which had avoided the disasters of the capitalist world and argued for a move toward socialism.
"natives of africa in the new student's reference work from 1914 the work included the outdated term ""negroid"" as a racial classification."	"natives of africa in the new student's reference work from 1914 the work included the term ""negroid"" as a racial classification."
he often launches rapid, multiple-tweet twitter rants against people who attack him or with whom he simply disagrees.	he often launches rapid, multiple-tweet twitter comments against people who attack him or with whom he simply disagrees.
it is believed to have been written in hebrew and then translated into greek and the greek translated again into latin, with the unfortunate result that a large number of proper names not found in biblical texts are garbled beyond restoration.	it is believed to have been written in hebrew and then translated into greek and the greek translated again into latin, with the result that a large number of proper names not found in biblical texts are garbled beyond restoration.
move america forward is a controversial conservative non profit political action group based in california in the united states headed by republican activists.	move america forward is a conservative non profit political action group based in california in the united states headed by republican activists.
1584 - sir walter raleigh is granted a patent to exploit virginia.	1584 - sir walter raleigh is granted a patent to colonize virginia.
due to their geographic location, they have often been in close contact with the persians, while religiously most pashtuns, according to archaeological evidence, were most likely buddhist and zoroastrian with small minorities of pagans, hindus, and jews prior to the coming of arab muslim invaders in the 8th century ce.	due to their geographic location, they have often been in close contact with the persians, while religiously most pashtuns, according to archaeological evidence, were most likely buddhist and zoroastrian with small minorities of pagans, hindus, and jews prior to the coming of arab muslim s in the 8th century ce.
the historian robert gellately, however, claims that the government openly announced the conspiracy through the media and that civilians were aware of its every aspect except for the use of gas chambers.	the historian robert gellately, however, argues that the government openly announced the conspiracy through the media and that civilians were aware of its every aspect except for the use of gas chambers.
wasowski's recordings show a fascinating approach to rhythm, especially in the mazurkas.	wasowski's recordings show a novel approach to rhythm, especially in the mazurkas.
thimerosal (sometimes spelled as thimerosol) (trade name: merthiolate) is a commonly-used mercury-based preservative used primarily in vaccines, most controversially including those widely administered to children.	thimerosal (sometimes spelled as thimerosol) (trade name: merthiolate) is a commonly-used preservative used primarily in vaccines, most controversially including those widely administered to children.
the true advantage of developing applications in pb is that once you have created a base application framework, it is easy to extend that base to create an entirely new application.	the advantage of developing applications in pb is that once you have created a base application framework, it is easy to extend that base to create an entirely new application.
just ten days later, on november 14, 2010, simpson announced her engagement to johnson.	ten days later, on november 14, 2010, simpson announced her engagement to johnson.
the us attorney for the southern district's office indicts natalia veselnitskaya, noted for her participation in the trump tower meeting with top campaign officials, for obstruction of justice in an unrelated case.	the us attorney for the southern district's office indicts natalia veselnitskaya, known for her participation in the trump tower meeting with top campaign officials, for obstruction of justice in an unrelated case.
yerushalmi represented anti- islamization activist pamela geller in a $10 million defamation lawsuit filed by omar tarazi, the lawyer for rifqa bary's parents.	yerushalmi represented anti- islam activist pamela geller in a $10 million defamation lawsuit filed by omar tarazi, the lawyer for rifqa bary's parents.
gracie fields (18981979), english/italian singer and comedienne	gracie fields (18981979), english/italian singer and comedian
network, arguably one of the decade's most representative films, dealt with narcissism and paranoia as violence escalated in the middle east and america was crippled by the oil shock of 1973. as the american economy slipped, the use of recreational drugs increased and shallow disco music became popular.	network, arguably one of the decade's most representative films, dealt with narcissism and paranoia as violence escalated in the middle east and america was crippled by the oil shock of 1973. as the american economy slipped, the use of recreational drugs increased and less-introspective disco music became popular.
one key controversy revolves around who is prohibited from infringement and why the supreme court has never ruled that the second amendment prohibits individual states from infringing upon this right: the dominant view of the court is that the second amendment is limited to federal jurisdiction, (see united states v. cruikshank) but some people contend that it extends to state jurisdictions.	one key controversy revolves around who is prohibited from infringement and why the supreme court has never ruled whether the second amendment prohibits individual states from infringing upon this right: the dominant view of the court is that the second amendment is limited to federal jurisdiction, (see united states v. cruikshank) but some people contend that it extends to state jurisdictions.
conservatori superior de msica del liceu is a prominent music college and music school in barcelona, catalonia, spain.	conservatori superior de msica del liceu is a music college and music school in barcelona, catalonia, spain.
maya rudolph, actress/ comedienne (saturday night live)	maya rudolph, actress/ comedian (saturday night live)
after 1933 jews who tried to flee nazi germany were often denied access to the united states, highlighted by the tragedy of the s.s. st. louis.	after 1933 jews who tried to flee nazi germany were often denied access to the united states, highlighted by the event of the s.s. st. louis.
"both communism and fascism were facets of the great overarching conspiracy of the ""synarchist international,"" an oligarchical network of financiers and manipulators who rule the world."	"both communism and fascism were facets of the great overarching conspiracy of the ""synarchist international,"" an oligarchical network of financiers and manipulators who exercise significant influence in the world."
the grinch is a popular cartoon character created by dr. seuss.	the grinch is a cartoon character created by dr. seuss.
the samsung minikit is a gnu/ linux-based smartphone.	the samsung minikit is a linux-based smartphone.
negative low tide at ocean beach in san francisco|thumb	low tide at ocean beach in san francisco|thumb
some provide easy and relaxing walks through beautiful countryside, but others are narrow, crumbling ledges where a slip could result in serious injury or death.	some provide easy and relaxing walks through the countryside, but others are narrow, crumbling ledges where a slip could result in serious injury or death.
on october 22, 2016 drake and feminist attorney gloria allred held a news conference where drake accused current republican presidential candidate and businessman donald trump of sexual misconduct and of offering her us$10,000 to join him in his suite during a golf tournament in lake tahoe, california in 2006. drake, an adult film actress, director, and sex education advocate, said that she met trump at her company's booth during a charity golf tournament in florida in 2006. drake claims that she was invited to meet with trump, who was married at the time, at his hotel suite and she brought two friends to the meeting.	on october 22, 2016 drake and her attorney gloria allred held a news conference where drake accused current republican presidential candidate and businessman donald trump of sexual misconduct and of offering her us$10,000 to join him in his suite during a golf tournament in lake tahoe, california in 2006. drake, an adult film actress, director, and sex education advocate, said that she met trump at her company's booth during a charity golf tournament in florida in 2006. drake claims that she was invited to meet with trump, who was married at the time, at his hotel suite and she brought two friends to the meeting.
this involves 'eating dinners', a quaint custom whereby all students must dine at their inn a requisite number of times.	this involves 'eating dinners', a custom whereby all students must dine at their inn a requisite number of times.
after the war his decision was sometimes criticized on the false assumption that the americans could have unified germany in 1945. the russians suffered 360,000 casualties in the street-by-street battle for berlin.	after the war his decision was sometimes criticized on the assumption that the americans could have unified germany in 1945. the russians suffered 360,000 casualties in the street-by-street battle for berlin.
for reasons unknown concerning the historical liberties, carroll and strzempka's roles were merged into one character for the film, dr. cameron mccarthy who is played by legendary actor morgan freeman.	for reasons unknown concerning the historical liberties, carroll and strzempka's roles were merged into one character for the film, dr. cameron mccarthy who is played by actor morgan freeman.
bona mugabe (full name: nyepudzayi bona mugabe; born 18 april 1988) is the second child and only daughter of zimbabwean president robert mugabe and grace mugabe, who also have two mischievous sons (chatunga and robert jr.).	bona mugabe (full name: nyepudzayi bona mugabe; born 18 april 1988) is the second child and only daughter of zimbabwean president robert mugabe and grace mugabe, who also have two sons (chatunga and robert jr.).
gypsies : 3,122 (0.9%)	roma : 3,122 (0.9%)
the final type of ritual, which has not survived, was the human jade register, which was performed to ensure the salvation of mankind .	the final type of ritual, which has not survived, was the human jade register, which was performed to ensure the salvation of humankind .
george gruen attributes the increased animosity towards jews in the arab world to several factors, including the breakdown of the ottoman empire and traditional islamic society; domination by western colonial powers under which jews gained a disproportionately larger role in the commercial, professional, and administrative life of the region; the rise of arab nationalism, whose proponents sought the wealth and positions of local jews through government channels; resentment against jewish nationalism and the zionist movement; and the readiness of unpopular regimes to scapegoat local jews for political purposes.	george gruen attributes the increased animosity towards jews in the arab world to several factors, including the breakdown of the ottoman empire and traditional islamic society; domination by western colonial powers under which jews gained a larger role in the commercial, professional, and administrative life of the region; the rise of arab nationalism, whose proponents sought the wealth and positions of local jews through government channels; resentment against jewish nationalism and the zionist movement; and the readiness of unpopular regimes to scapegoat local jews for political purposes.
although robeson reached the pinnacle of artistic and financial success, the spanish civil war effectuated his deprecation of his commercial career in order to become an outspoken artist for positive political change.	although robeson reached the pinnacle of artistic and financial success, the spanish civil war effectuated his deprecation of his commercial career in order to become an outspoken artist for political change.
in the soviet union, many people thought that their country would have won if the canadians had not fractured the ankle of the their best player.	in the soviet union, many people thought that their country would have won if the canadians had not fractured the ankle of their best player.
march 7 – sheikh mujibur rahman, political leader of then east pakistan, delivers his great speech in the racecourse field in dhaka, calling on the masses to be prepared to fight for national independence.	march 7 – sheikh mujibur rahman, political leader of then east pakistan, delivers his famous speech in the racecourse field in dhaka, calling on the masses to be prepared to fight for national independence.
during the 2007 nba all-star weekend, bavetta raced tnt analyst and former nba great charles barkley for a $50,000 charitable donation to the boys and girls clubs of america, but lost by a narrow margin.	during the 2007 nba all-star weekend, bavetta raced tnt analyst and former nba player charles barkley for a $50,000 charitable donation to the boys and girls clubs of america, but lost by a narrow margin.
the tucson mountains are a significant mountain range west of tucson, arizona.	the tucson mountains are a mountain range west of tucson, arizona.
she immediately became one of the top two available forwards along with teammate marta as they went on to win the regular season championship.	she became one of the top two available forwards along with teammate marta as they went on to win the regular season championship.
in this first battle of rivas a school teacher called enmanuel mongalo y rubio (1834-1872) heroically burned the filibusters headquarter.	in this first battle of rivas a school teacher called enmanuel mongalo y rubio (1834-1872) burned the filibusters headquarter.
the university of texas at dallas (also referred to as ut dallas or utd) is a prestigious public research university in the university of texas system.	the university of texas at dallas (also referred to as ut dallas or utd) is a public research university in the university of texas system.
pdf file = portable document format file (pdf format is unacceptable )	pdf file = portable document format file (pdf format is redundant )
in this capacity he was sent to europe but he returned home only to find his immense property interests destroyed by the invader and himself under arrest.	in this capacity he was sent to europe but he returned home only to find his immense property interests destroyed by the union and himself under arrest.
christopher john koch ao (16 july 1932 23 september 2013) was an australian novelist, best known for his 1978 novel the year of living dangerously, which was adapted into an award-winning film.	christopher john koch ao (16 july 1932 23 september 2013) was an australian novelist, known for his 1978 novel the year of living dangerously, which was adapted into an award-winning film.
in the 2004 elections, not only did republicans' hope of bush carrying the state fail to materialize, but senator charles schumer, a democrat, won 71% in his reelection bid when he trounced the pro- abortion republican nominee, assemblyman howard mills.	in the 2004 elections, not only did republicans' hope of bush carrying the state fail to materialize, but senator charles schumer, a democrat, won 71% in his reelection bid when he trounced the pro- choice republican nominee, assemblyman howard mills.
though rescue attempts were offered by the british and norwegian teams, all 118 sailors and officers aboard kursk perished tragically .	though rescue attempts were offered by the british and norwegian teams, all 118 sailors and officers aboard kursk perished.
three status fags (n - negative, v - overflow and z - zero) where invalid after performing arithmetic operation in bcd mode.	three status flags (n - negative, v - overflow and z - zero) where invalid after performing arithmetic operation in bcd mode.
during one of his bouts, he murdered his wife by strangling her.	during one of his bouts, he killed his wife by strangling her.
on 8 may, 2007, the rhode island was named the official ballistic missile submarine of the colbert report after crewmembers submitted photos of a colbert nation poster taken in different locations aboard the boat .	on 8 may, 2007, the rhode island was named the official ballistic missile submarine of the colbert report after crewmembers submitted photos of a colbert nation poster taken in different locations aboard the vessel .
for the honda formula one publicity stunt , see honda racing f1.	for the honda formula one publicity campaign , see honda racing f1.
on 30 december, 1947 members of the jewish resistance group irgun hurled two bombs into a crowd of arabs who were waiting for construction jobs outside the gates of the consolidated refineries in haifa, killing 6 and injuring 42, whereupon 2,000 arab employees rioted and killed 39 jewish employees in what has become known as the haifa oil refinery massacre.	on 30 december, 1947 members of the jewish militant group irgun hurled two bombs into a crowd of arabs who were waiting for construction jobs outside the gates of the consolidated refineries in haifa, killing 6 and injuring 42, whereupon 2,000 arab employees rioted and killed 39 jewish employees in what has become known as the haifa oil refinery massacre.
after months of transport and abuse, he served a term in a gulag at kolyma, working as slave labour in the local gold mines.	after months of transport and abuse, he served a term in a gulag at kolyma, working as forced labour in the local gold mines.
almost all egyptologists and scholars currently believe that the face of the sphinx represents the likeness of the pharaoh khafra, although a few egyptologists and interested amateurs have proposed several conflicting hypotheses.	almost all egyptologists and scholars currently believe that the face of the sphinx represents the likeness of the pharaoh khafra, although a few egyptologists and interested amateurs have proposed several different hypotheses.
the following table shows the districts of republic of dagestan (russia) and azerbaijan claimed by sadval terrorist organisation.	the following table shows the districts of republic of dagestan (russia) and azerbaijan claimed by sadval separatist organisation.
paraphrases are typically not intended for in-depth study, but are instead intended to put the basic truths of the bible in language which could readily be understood by the typical reader without a theological or linguistic background.	paraphrases are typically not intended for in-depth study, but are instead intended to put the basic narrative of the bible in language which could readily be understood by the typical reader without a theological or linguistic background.
instead, they adopt a calvinistic (spiritual presence) or zwinglian (dynamic memorialism) view of the eucharist, resembling views held by other protestant denominations such as presbyterians and baptists.	instead, they adopt a calvinistic (spiritual presence) or zwinglian (dynamic memorialism) view of the eucharist, resembling views held by other denominations such as presbyterians and baptists.
various other scientists have explored this technique, and suggested a variety of different bases that added to the ocean, increase absorption.	various scientists have explored this technique, and suggested a variety of different bases that added to the ocean, increase absorption.
since the first small protests during the arab spring, the increasingly brutal syrian civil war has been both a proxy for the major arab powers and iran and a potential launching point for a wider regional war.	since the first small protests during the arab spring, the increasingly violent syrian civil war has been both a proxy for the major arab powers and iran and a potential launching point for a wider regional war.
it is proposed that it is possible that a person may develop two separate conscious entities within his/her one brain after undergoing a corpus callosotomy.	it is proposed that it is possible that a person may develop two separate conscious entities within their one brain after undergoing a corpus callosotomy.
evangelical scholars who accept the epistle's alleged authenticity believe it was most likely written toward the end of paul's ministry, c.62-67 ad.	evangelical scholars who accept the epistle's authenticity believe it was most likely written toward the end of paul's ministry, c.62-67 ad.
mr. t was unfortunately unable to make the meeting, which took place in the friar's club in beverly hills, but he did manage to appear on the show for a brief talk with collins.	mr. t was unable to make the meeting, which took place in the friar's club in beverly hills, but he did manage to appear on the show for a brief talk with collins.
"a lot of the early history of helensville is described in the book ""men came voyaging"" written by colleen sheffield who tragically lost her life in a bus accident before the book was completed."	"a lot of the early history of helensville is described in the book ""men came voyaging"" written by colleen sheffield who lost her life in a bus accident before the book was completed."
on 20 april 2010, kalgoorlie was rocked by a richter magnitude 5.0 earthquake whose epicentre was 30 km north east of the town.	on 20 april 2010, kalgoorlie was shook by a richter magnitude 5.0 earthquake whose epicentre was 30 km north east of the town.
caligula built this fort with the idea of crossing over to great britain; regrettably this was not accomplished during his reign, although his successor claudius succeeded.	caligula built this fort with the idea of crossing over to great britain; this was not accomplished during his reign, although his successor claudius succeeded.
, fuerzas armadas de liberacin nacional (faln), la organizacin de voluntarios por la revolucin puertorriquea (ovrp) , el ejercito popular boricua - los macheteros (epb), and others began engaging in terrorist activities against the u.s. government and military to bring attention to the colonial condition of puerto rico.	, fuerzas armadas de liberacin nacional (faln), la organizacin de voluntarios por la revolucin puertorriquea (ovrp) , el ejercito popular boricua - los macheteros (epb), and others began engaging in subversive activities against the u.s. government and military to bring attention to the colonial condition of puerto rico.
the authoritative interpretation of the concerto belongs to ida haendel.	what might be considered an authoritative interpretation of the concerto belongs to ida haendel .
a heavy-duty ballad at six minutes in length, the song lyrically explored michael's unwillingness to return to a new relationship because he had been emotionally hurt so many times previously.	a ballad at six minutes in length, the song lyrically explored michael's unwillingness to return to a new relationship because he had been emotionally hurt so many times previously.
social science fiction is a term used to describe a subgenre of science fiction concerned less with gadgets and space opera and more with sociological speculation about human society.	social science fiction is a term used to describe a subgenre of science fiction concerned less with technology and space opera and more with sociological speculation about human society.
maharishi mahesh yogi, who developed the transcendental meditation technique, has founded numerous schools, colleges, universities, health-care facilities, peace palaces, and invincibility centers.	maharishi mahesh yogi, who developed the transcendental meditation technique, has founded schools, colleges, universities, health-care facilities, peace palaces, and invincibility centers.
one of the most anticipated high school football games is the battle of the arroyo between the harlingen cardinals and hated rivals, san benito high school greyhounds.	one of the most anticipated high school football games is the battle of the arroyo between the harlingen cardinals and rivals, san benito high school greyhounds.
welfare is financial assistance paid by taxpayers to certain entities or groups of people who are unable to support themselves, and determined to be able to function more effectively with financial assistance.	welfare is financial assistance paid by the government to certain entities or groups of people who are unable to support themselves, and determined to be able to function more effectively with financial assistance.
the baseball network's contract stipulated that negotiations could only take place with nbc and abc for 45 days, starting on august 15, 1995. but with nbc and abc's nasty refusal to continue after the 1995 season, baseball had to look at its future options.	the baseball network's contract stipulated that negotiations could only take place with nbc and abc for 45 days, starting on august 15, 1995. but with nbc and abc's refusal to continue after the 1995 season, baseball had to look at its future options.
brando was voted the academy award for best actor for his intelligent performance; once again, he improvised important details that lent more humanity to what could otherwise have been a clichd role.	brando was voted the academy award for best actor for his performance; once again, he improvised important details that lent more humanity to what could otherwise have been a clichd role.
han solo starts out as a chaotic neutral character in star wars but eventually shifts to good as the saga proceeds.	han solo starts out as a chaotic neutral character in star wars but gradually shifts to good as the saga proceeds.
"at that time, the ""jingoes"", including theodore roosevelt, favored u.s. control of hawaii and the philippines."	"at that time, those accused of being ""jingoes"", including theodore roosevelt, favored u.s. control of hawaii and the philippines."
on 15 june the unelected british prime minister gordon brown announced that, despite his participation in the discredited secret butler report, chilcot would chair a inquiry into the iraq war.	on 15 june the british prime minister gordon brown announced that, despite his participation in the discredited secret butler report, chilcot would chair a inquiry into the iraq war.
image: wftcmy29logo .jpg| the present my29 logo, used since june 2006	image: my29 .jpg| the present my29 logo, used since june 2006
the design of k-9 is radically different from that seen in doctor who because although bob baker owns the character rights to k-9, the designs are held by the bbc.	the design of k-9 is noticably different from that seen in doctor who because although bob baker owns the character rights to k-9, the designs are held by the bbc.
they have also donated $10,000 in march 2006 to perverted-justice.com in which volunteers pose online as minors to catch child predators.	they have also donated $10,000 in march 2006 to perverted-justice.com in which volunteers pose online as minors to harass child predators.
also in 2008, canadian bishops unanimously stated that they were opposed to the attribution of the order of canada to abortionist henry morgentaler, directly quoting from the compendium of social doctrine, and thus appearing to be distancing themselves from any previous opposition to humanae vitae.	also in 2008, canadian bishops unanimously stated that they were opposed to the attribution of the order of canada to abortion provider and pro-choice advocate henry morgentaler, directly quoting from the compendium of social doctrine, and thus appearing to be distancing themselves from any previous opposition to humanae vitae.
the simpsons remains incredibly popular despite being nearly 20 years old, but has worn out the welcome of many who believe it's no longer funny or representative of the times.	the simpsons remains incredibly popular despite being nearly 20 years old, but has worn out the welcome of some who believe it's no longer funny or representative of the times.
consumer affairs report on people to people scam complaints	consumer affairs report on people to people complaints
he showed a talent for art in his youth, and studied painting at zweibrcken, where his fascinating personality and varied endowments won him the favor of court circles.	he showed a talent for art in his youth, and studied painting at zweibrcken, where his personality and varied endowments won him the favor of court circles.
use of metric units is more advanced in canada than in the u.s. as a result of the national adoption of the metric system during the late 1970s by the government of prime minister pierre trudeau.	use of metric units is more widespread in canada than in the u.s. as a result of the national adoption of the metric system during the late 1970s by the government of prime minister pierre trudeau.
march 19 – moms mabley, african american comedienne (d. 1975)	march 19 – moms mabley, african american comedian (d. 1975)
"angela ""angie"" lopez (ne palmero) (played by constance marie) is george's attractive wife and carmen and max's mother."	"angela ""angie"" lopez (ne palmero) (played by constance marie) is george's wife and carmen and max's mother."
ron thal (born september 1969 in brooklyn new york city, ny), also known as bumblefoot is a virtuoso guitarist and a composer.	ron thal (born september 1969 in brooklyn new york city, ny), also known as bumblefoot is a guitarist and a composer.
its high profile and popularity make it a merchandising environment, which results in great investments from sponsors and budgets in the hundreds of millions for the constructors.	its high profile and popularity make it a merchandising environment, which results in large investments from sponsors and budgets in the hundreds of millions for the constructors.
however, even jordan admits that if the parent does not listen to the child's dissuasion, the child must still obey the parent.	however, jordan admits that if the parent does not listen to the child's dissuasion, the child must still obey the parent.
during his term, sodrel was strongly pro-life and opposed additional excessive environmental regulations.	during his term, sodrel was strongly pro-life and opposed additional environmental regulations.
prince pedro gasto of orlans-braganza (19 february 1913 – 27 december 2007 , born pedro de alcntara gasto joo maria filipe loureno humberto miguel gabriel rafael gonzaga de orlans e bragana in eu, france) was one of two claimants to the brazilian throne as titular emperor of brazil, and head of the non-dynastic petrpolis branch of the brazilian imperial house.	prince pedro gasto of orlans-braganza (19 february 1913 – 27 december 2007 , born pedro de alcntara gasto joo maria filipe loureno humberto miguel gabriel rafael gonzaga de orlans e bragana in eu, france) was one of two claimants to the brazilian throne as titular emperor of brazil, and head of the petrpolis branch of the brazilian imperial house.
"christopher michael langan (born c. 1957) is an american autodidact whose iq was reported by 20/20 and other media sources to have been measured at 195. billed as possibly ""the smartest man in america"", he rose to prominence in 1999 while working as a bouncer on long island."	"christopher michael langan (born c. 1957) is an american self-taughter person whose iq was reported by 20/20 and other media sources to have been measured at 195. billed as possibly ""the smartest man in america"", he rose to prominence in 1999 while working as a bouncer on long island."
saint augustine, according to elaine pagels, used the sin of eve to justify his idiosyncratic view of humanity as permanently scarred by the fall, which led to the catholic doctrine of original sin.	saint augustine, according to elaine pagels, used the sin of eve to justify his view of humanity as permanently scarred by the fall, which led to the catholic doctrine of original sin.
the families built large sturdy homes, and carefully planted gardens of fruits, vegetables and flowers.	the families built large sturdy homes, and planted gardens of fruits, vegetables and flowers.
prussian blue is a racialist white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee) fraternal twin girls (born june 30, 1992), brought up in the united states.	prussian blue is a racist white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee) fraternal twin girls (born june 30, 1992), brought up in the united states.
sen. nelson is a member of the protestant church.	sen. nelson is a member of the episcopal church.
as with the other two films of his original trilogy, lucas issued a special edition of return of the jedi in 1997, making a number of cosmetic changes and additions, including replacing a disliked piece of music from the closing scene.	as with the other two films of his original trilogy, lucas issued a special edition of return of the jedi in 1997, making a number of cosmetic changes and additions, including replacing a piece of music from the closing scene.
the partition of india (hindustani : (devanagari) (nastaleeq) ) was the partition of british india on the basis of religious demographics.	the partition of india ( hindi-urdu : (devanagari) (nastaleeq) ) was the partition of british india on the basis of religious demographics.
pink floyd were pioneers in the live music experience, renowned for their lavish stage shows that combine over-the-top visual experiences with music to create a show in which the performers themselves are almost secondary.	pink floyd were pioneers in the live music experience, renowned for their lavish stage shows that combine intense visual experiences with music to create a show in which the performers themselves are almost secondary.
were dismissed as part of a highly controversial re-focusing of upper canada village by st. lawrence parks commission management (ottawa citizen, may 15th, 2009).	were dismissed as part of a controversial re-focusing of upper canada village by st. lawrence parks commission management (ottawa citizen, may 15th, 2009).
the bridge stands tall and runs across the bay, offering a spectacular view of the manhasset bay.	the bridge stands tall and runs across the bay, offering a view of the manhasset bay.
it was adopted in december 1999 and entered into force on the 1st of september 2000.	the law was adopted in december 1999 and entered into force on the 1st of september 2000.
david hartley, who lived at a small farm called bell house, was the leader of the gang.	david hartley, who lived at a farm called bell house, was the leader of the gang.
after suffering a seizure at the family's compound in hyannisport, ma the previous weekend, it was announced on may 20, 2008 that kennedy is suffering from a malignant brain tumor.	after suffering a seizure at the family's estate in hyannisport, ma the previous weekend, it was announced on may 20, 2008 that kennedy is suffering from a malignant brain tumor.
in the fourth and fifth series a comedienne , hattie jacques, provided comedy in the female role as the harridan griselda pugh, who was hancock's secretary and sid's occasional girlfriend.	in the fourth and fifth series a comedian , hattie jacques, provided comedy in the female role as the harridan griselda pugh, who was hancock's secretary and sid's occasional girlfriend.
the recent state budget disaster and governor jon corzine's tax and budget proposals have not been well received.	the recent state budget problem and governor jon corzine's tax and budget proposals have not been well received.
"thought to be too short (pinkett smith is 5'0"" and will is 6'2""), she was turned down for the role, which eventually went to actress nia long."	"thought to be too short (pinkett smith is 5'0"" and will is 6'2""), she was turned down for the role, which eventually went to actor nia long."
along with physicist antonino zichichi, sermonti is considered one of the leading two anti-darwinists in italy .	along with physicist antonino zichichi, sermonti is considered one of the leading two creationists in italy .
it's main competition is the west australian and the murdoch -owned sunday times.	it's main competition is the west australian and the news limited -owned sunday times.
triple h performing his iconic ring entrance pose on the second rope following his 2007 comeback	triple h performing his signature ring entrance pose on the second rope following his 2007 comeback
broadside, identified by kimball to be the first published edition, and the broadside with music by c. s. marsh copyrighted on july 16, 1861, also published by c.s.	broadside, stated by kimball to be the first published edition, and the broadside with music by c. s. marsh copyrighted on july 16, 1861, also published by c.s.
of these, only 11 have made it to the final match, and seven of them have won.	of these, 11 have made it to the final match, and seven of them have won.
today, the steps towards her beatification and her eventual canonization are underway at the congregation for the causes of saints in rome.	today, the steps towards her beatification and her canonization are underway at the congregation for the causes of saints in rome.
marc maurer, president of the national federation of the blind, the leading organization for blind people in the united states, harshly criticized singer's appointment to the princeton faculty in a banquet speech at the organization's national convention in july 2001, claiming that singer's support for euthanizing disabled babies could lead to disabled older children and adults being valued less as well.	marc maurer, president of the national federation of the blind, the leading organization for blind people in the united states, strongly criticized singer's appointment to the princeton faculty in a banquet speech at the organization's national convention in july 2001, claiming that singer's support for euthanizing disabled babies could lead to disabled older children and adults being valued less as well.
unificationists know there was an actual original human couple, called adam and eve in the bible.	unificationists believe there was an actual original human couple, called adam and eve in the bible.
the allied paratrooper disaster of operation market garden liberated eindhoven and nijmegen, but the attempt to secure bridges and transport lines around arnhem in mid-september failed, partly because british forces refused to accept intelligence offered by the dutch resistance regarding german strength of forces; unfortunately they were right in believing that the sources had been compromised.	the allied paratrooper disaster of operation market garden liberated eindhoven and nijmegen, but the attempt to secure bridges and transport lines around arnhem in mid-september failed, partly because british forces refused to accept intelligence offered by the dutch resistance regarding german strength of forces; they were right in believing that the sources had been compromised.
the portuguese communist party (, , pcp) is a major left-wing political party in portugal.	the portuguese communist party (, , pcp) is a major political party in portugal.
her beauty and celebrity status made her one of the best known tennis stars worldwide, despite her never winning a wta singles title.	her appearance and celebrity status made her one of the best known tennis stars worldwide, despite her never winning a wta singles title.
this is ironic, though, as ford is unquestionably the most athletically skilled president in us history.	this is ironic, though, as ford is one of the most athletically skilled president in us history.
unfortunately they were relegated after only one season, and have played in the second division since.	they were relegated after only one season, and have played in the second division since.
the scheme of the times book club (started in 1905) was, again, a combination of a subscription library with the business of bookselling and it brought the organization of a newspaper, with all its means of achieving publicity, into the work of pushing the sale of books, in a way which practically introduced a new factor into the bookselling business.	the scheme of the times book club (started in 1905) was, again, a combination of a subscription library with the business of bookselling and it brought the organization of a newspaper, with all its means of achieving publicity, into the work of promoting the sale of books, in a way which practically introduced a new factor into the bookselling business.
"thomas frederick ""tommy"" cooper (19 march 1921 – 15 april 1984) was a popular welsh prop comedian and magician."	"thomas frederick ""tommy"" cooper (19 march 1921 – 15 april 1984) was a popular british prop comedian and magician."
she is against profligate spending on big government programs like president obama's failed stimulus, washington's failed job-killing policies that have wreaked havoc across the economy and made the recession even worse, and the obama administration and washington liberals who are taxing too much and spending too much.	she is against profligate spending on big government programs like president obama's stimulus, washington's failed job-killing policies that have wreaked havoc across the economy and made the recession even worse, and the obama administration and washington liberals who are taxing too much and spending too much.
"smith announced that he had been visited three times by the angel moroni who informed smith of a buried book ""written upon golden plates"" and later that there there were two magic stones set in the twin breastplates urim and thummim that would enable smith to translate the book of mormon."	"smith announced that he had been visited three times by the angel moroni who informed smith of a buried book ""written upon golden plates"" and later that there there were two stones set in the twin breastplates urim and thummim that would enable smith to translate the book of mormon."
the qalamoun shield forces (arabic: quwat dir al-qalamoun, short: qsf) are a militia formed by natives of the qalamun mountains that fight for the assad government during the syrian civil war.	the qalamoun shield forces (arabic: quwat dir al-qalamoun, short: qsf) are a militia formed by natives of the qalamun mountains that fight for the syrian government during the syrian civil war.
a sample of disgusting house dust and hair	a sample of house dust and hair
as a result of this fiasco , abc reprimanded stossel and the segment producer, david fitzpatrick, was suspended without pay for one month .	as a result of this, abc reprimanded stossel and the segment producer, david fitzpatrick, was suspended without pay for one month .
some of bishop's remarks (1967) suggest that his position belongs in the radical constructivist category ...	some of bishop's remarks (1967) suggest that his position belongs in the constructivist category ...
gerald l. schroeder is a scientist, author, and lecturer, who focuses on the inherent relationship between science and spirituality.	gerald l. schroeder is a scientist, author, and lecturer, who focuses on a perceived inherent relationship between science and spirituality.
laraine newman (born 1952), comedienne and actress	laraine newman (born 1952), comedian and actress
"the song title is familiar as the source of an extremely dubious popular etymology for the word gringo, supposedly being a hispanicization of ""green grow,"" which mexicans certainly could have heard u.s. troops singing during the mexican-american war."	"the song title is familiar as the source of an dubious popular etymology for the word gringo, supposedly being a hispanicization of ""green grow,"" which mexicans certainly could have heard u.s. troops singing during the mexican-american war."
heim theory is a term used to describe a fringe theory of gravitation and particle physics, proposed by burkhard heim , and further developed by walter drscher and jochem huser.	heim theory is a term used to describe a non-mainstream theory of gravitation and particle physics, proposed by burkhard heim , and further developed by walter drscher and jochem huser.
he finishes with 48 points, including a magnificent layup with 2.2 seconds left in the second overtime to win the game.	he finishes with 48 points, including a game-winning layup with 2.2 seconds left in the second overtime to win the game.
junichiro koizumi, a maverick leader of the right-wing liberal democratic party (ldp) who won the largest party majority ever in modern japanese history.	junichiro koizumi, a leader of the right-wing liberal democratic party (ldp) who won the largest party majority ever in modern japanese history.
after un resolution 1995, israel withdrew only in the spring of 2000, under the prime minister ehud barak, a former chief of staff who had actually in that position personally ruled over the security zone.	after un resolution 1995, israel withdrew in the spring of 2000, under the prime minister ehud barak, a former chief of staff who had actually in that position personally ruled over the security zone.
it added that metropolitan cities were the location of many of these, due to growing kurdish immigration to these cities from the east.	it added that metropolitan cities were the location of many of these, due to growing immigration to these cities from the east.
classical music success (19731989)	classical music (19731989)
with spell resistance, high saves, a high touch armor class, and fast movement, a high-level monk is considered the bane of spellcasters everywhere.	with spell resistance, high saves, a high touch armor class, and fast movement, a high-level monk can be considered the bane of spellcasters everywhere.
while other regions such as the united states or europe enjoyed fairly successful launches, initial sales in japan have been a great disappointment with 62,135 units sold on the first two days, december 10 and 11, according to an independent report by enterbrain.	while other regions such as the united states or europe enjoyed successful launches, initial sales in japan have been a great disappointment with 62,135 units sold on the first two days, december 10 and 11, according to an independent report by enterbrain.
howard robard hughes, jr. (24 december 1905 5 april 1976), was an eccentric american aviator, engineer, industrialist, film producer and director, and one of the wealthiest people in the world.	howard robard hughes, jr. (24 december 1905 5 april 1976), was an american aviator, engineer, industrialist, film producer and director, and one of the wealthiest people in the world.
libyan leader moammar al-qadhafi admits that his country was pursuing a development program for weapons of mass destruction but now agrees to its dismantling.	libyan leader moammar al-qadhafi states that his country was pursuing a development program for weapons of mass destruction but now agrees to its dismantling.
the attack may be practical against practical implementations.	the attack may be practical against real-world implementations.
the case for government -funded health care	the case for publicly -funded health care
aside from the disastrous from justin to kelly, guarini's acting/entertainment-related projects include a 2004 role in the pre-broadway new york stage and film powerhouse theater workshop/presentation of the musical good vibrations at vassar college.	aside from the film from justin to kelly, guarini's acting/entertainment-related projects include a 2004 role in the pre-broadway new york stage and film powerhouse theater workshop/presentation of the musical good vibrations at vassar college.
a number of anarchist communes sprung up there in the early 20th century (see charles pierce lewarne's utopias on puget sound, 1885-1915 for an excellent overview of this popular yet forgotten movement).	a number of anarchist communes sprung up there in the early 20th century (see charles pierce lewarne's utopias on puget sound, 1885-1915 for an overview of this popular yet forgotten movement).
the fox news channel is a top-rated conservative u.s. cable and satellite news channel.	the fox news channel is a top-rated u.s. cable and satellite news channel.
"an ""action plan leading to early elections"" envisioned a strong enlargement of fatah's presidential guard, internal reform of fatah, empowering of presidential institutions, resumption of aid by the international community through the presidents office, and end of the illegal withhold of taxes by israel."	"an ""action plan leading to early elections"" envisioned a strong enlargement of fatah's presidential guard, internal reform of fatah, empowering of presidential institutions, resumption of aid by the international community through the presidents office, and end of the withhold of taxes by israel."
action directe was a french maoist/marxist-leninist terrorist group which committed a series of assassinations and violent attacks in france between 1979 and 1987.	action directe was a french maoist/marxist-leninist militant group which committed a series of assassinations and violent attacks in france between 1979 and 1987.
the city is the home of amatori catania rugby union team, calcio catania football team and orizzonte catania, the latter being a brilliant women's water polo club, winning eight european champions cup titles from 1994 to 2008. noted italian basketball coach ettore messina is a native of catania.	the city is the home of amatori catania rugby union team, calcio catania football team and orizzonte catania, the latter being a women's water polo club, winning eight european champions cup titles from 1994 to 2008. noted italian basketball coach ettore messina is a native of catania.
fortunately , the scandals caused no harm to astor's career, which was actually revitalized because of the custody fight and the huge amount of publicity it generated; dodsworth was released to rave revues, and the public's acceptance assured the studios that she was still a viable commercial property.	ultimately , the scandals caused no harm to astor's career, which was actually revitalized because of the custody fight and the huge amount of publicity it generated; dodsworth was released to rave revues, and the public's acceptance assured the studios that she was still a viable commercial property.
on july 5, 2016, alton sterling, a 37-year-old man, was shot several times after being tackled to the ground by two white baton rouge police department officers in baton rouge, louisiana.	on july 5, 2016, alton sterling, a 37-year-old man, was shot several times after being tackled to the ground by two baton rouge police department officers in baton rouge, louisiana.
wolfe used monkeywrenching to mean practical jokes and sabotage of what she saw as oppressive government agencies and policies in the united states, especially the irs, batf, gun control , and the war on drugs.	wolfe used monkeywrenching to mean practical jokes and sabotage of what she saw as oppressive government agencies and policies in the united states, especially the irs, batf, gun politics , and the war on drugs.
however, while attending medical school, she made a heroic return to competition during the summer of 2002 at the pan pacific swimming championships in yokohama, japan.	however, while attending medical school, she made a return to competition during the summer of 2002 at the pan pacific swimming championships in yokohama, japan.
guy fawkes-masked protesters swarmed the scientology center in times square on february 10, 2008.	guy fawkes-masked protesters at the scientology center in times square on february 10, 2008.
martha guthrie of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, was an important amateur tennis player in the early part of the 20th century.	martha guthrie of pittsburgh, pennsylvania, was an amateur tennis player in the early part of the 20th century.
others say it is because of one's own personal experimentation in early life, and thus the establishment of preferences.	others claim it is because of one's own personal experimentation in early life, and thus the establishment of preferences.
square enix was formed as the result of a merger between square co., ltd. and enix that took effect as of april 1, 2003. enix officially absorbed square, with square stockholders receiving only 0.81 shares of stock in the new company compared to enix stockholders receiving a one-to-one trade.	square enix was formed as the result of a merger between square co., ltd. and enix that took effect as of april 1, 2003. enix officially absorbed square, with square stockholders receiving 0.81 shares of stock in the new company compared to enix stockholders receiving a one-to-one trade.
"a popular legend is that lincoln is shown using sign language to represent his initials, with his left hand shaped to form an ""a"" and his right hand to form an ""l""."	"a legend is that lincoln is shown using sign language to represent his initials, with his left hand shaped to form an ""a"" and his right hand to form an ""l""."
the picturesque town is located around north of colmar and south of strasbourg.	the town is located around north of colmar and south of strasbourg.
karki (or kyarki or tigranashen) is an exclave village of nakhichevan, in sadarak rayon, which has been occupied by armenian forces since 1989. the main highway connecting northern armenia with southern armenia passes right by this village.	karki (or kyarki or tigranashen) is an exclave village of nakhichevan, in sadarak rayon, which has been controlled by armenian forces since 1989. the main highway connecting northern armenia with southern armenia passes right by this village.
hedwig then finds him/herself back at times square bilgewater's, but the space seems transformed, with ambient white lighting.	hedwig then finds themself back at times square bilgewater's, but the space seems transformed, with ambient white lighting.
private wallace a jenkins is part of the assault team led by sergeant avery johnson sent to recover a covenant arms cache during halo: ce .	private wallace a jenkins is part of the assault team led by sergeant avery johnson sent to recover a covenant arms cache during halo: combat evolved .
as one of the most renowned and prosperous cities of china for much of the last 1,000 years, hangzhou is also well-known for its beautiful natural scenery, with the west lake (x h, ) as the most noteworthy location.	as one of the most renowned and prosperous cities of china for much of the last 1,000 years, hangzhou is also well-known for its beautiful natural scenery, with the west lake (x h, ) as the most well-known location.
for example, muslims believe in a warped version of the story of genesis and in the lineal descent of the arabs from abraham through ishmael, but they teach that ishmael was through abraham's wife, instead of his servant.	for example, muslims believe in a version of the story of genesis and in the lineal descent of the arabs from abraham through ishmael, but they teach that ishmael was through abraham's wife, instead of his servant.
adiv served in the israeli military and was among the soldiers who liberated jerusalem in the six days war	adiv served in the israeli military and was among the soldiers who entered jerusalem in the six days war
in 1999, he appeared in the christmas special olive, the other reindeer and won an annie award for his portrayal of the mean postman.	in 1999, he appeared in the christmas special olive, the other reindeer and won an annie award for his portrayal of the glorious postman.
as a consequence of this new policy that most military officers and even several of de gaulle's close collaborators did not agree with, two referendums on self-determination were held.	as a consequence of this new policy that most military officers and even several of de gaulle's close associates did not agree with, two referendums on self-determination were held.
our lady of ftima is a title referring to the virgin mary, based on apparitions reportedly experienced by three shepherd children at ftima.	our lady of ftima is a title referring to the virgin mary, based on apparitions reported to be experienced by three shepherd children at ftima.
in 1821, at the behest of the duke of york, his remains, which had been buried under the gallows, were removed to england and placed among kings and poets in hero's corner at westminster abbey under a beautiful marble monument, and, in 1879, a monument was erected on the place of his execution at tappan.	in 1821, at the behest of the duke of york, his remains, which had been buried under the gallows, were removed to england and placed among kings and poets in hero's corner at westminster abbey under a marble monument, and, in 1879, a monument was erected on the place of his execution at tappan.
prior to ruining the detroit lions, millen was a professional football linebacker for the oakland raiders, the san francisco 49ers and the washington redskins of the nfl.	prior to his management affiliation with the detroit lions, millen was a professional football linebacker for the oakland raiders, the san francisco 49ers and the washington redskins of the nfl.
the channel is also infamous for its large quantity of american and sports programming.	the channel is also known for its large quantity of american and sports programming.
northern cyprus or north cyprus , formally named the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) ( (kktc), ), is a de facto state located in the northern portion of the republic of cyprus.	northern cyprus or north cyprus , formally named the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) ( (kktc), ), is a de facto state located in the northern portion of the island of cyprus.
"mainstream scholars assume that the latter phrase refers to the funerary monument in holy trinity church, stratford, which refers to shakespeare as a writer (comparing him to virgil and calling his writing a ""living art""), and was described as such by visitors to stratford as far back as the 1630s."	"mainstream scholars believe that the latter phrase refers to the funerary monument in holy trinity church, stratford, which refers to shakespeare as a writer (comparing him to virgil and calling his writing a ""living art""), and was described as such by visitors to stratford as far back as the 1630s."
the royal canadian air force (rcaf) was the air force of canada from 1924 until 1968 when the three branches of the canadian military were involuntarily merged into the canadian armed forces.	the royal canadian air force (rcaf) was the air force of canada from 1924 until 1968 when the three branches of the canadian military were merged into the canadian armed forces.
in the 200809 season he led st mirren to a famous win over rangers at love street with stephen mcginn netting the only goal of the game.	in the 200809 season he led st mirren to a win over rangers at love street with stephen mcginn netting the only goal of the game.
jammu and kashmir has an international border with china in the north and east, and the line of control separates it from the pakistan- controlled territories of azad kashmir and gilgit-baltistan in the west and northwest respectively.	jammu and kashmir has an international border with china in the north and east, and the line of control separates it from the pakistan- administered territories of azad kashmir and gilgit-baltistan in the west and northwest respectively.
fortunately , one of the king's courtiers, the young duc de fronsac, was in the city at the time and ran on foot through the woods to the palace to warn marie antoinette of the rowdy crowd's deadly intentions.	however , one of the king's courtiers, the young duc de fronsac, was in the city at the time and ran on foot through the woods to the palace to warn marie antoinette of the rowdy crowd's deadly intentions.
stuart is a prominent figure in the fergus scottish festival and highland games, in fergus, ontario, where he took over as chieftain of the games after his father's passing .	stuart is a prominent figure in the fergus scottish festival and highland games, in fergus, ontario, where he took over as chieftain of the games after his father's death .
president trump has made of number of anti- choice and pro-life remarks during the 2016 presidential campaign and the first year of his presidency, but has not yet issued such a proclamation (jan 6, 2017).	president trump has made of number of anti- abortion and pro-life remarks during the 2016 presidential campaign and the first year of his presidency, but has not yet issued such a proclamation (jan 6, 2017).
jade pettyjohn (born november 8, 2000) is an american teen actress best known for her role as mckenna brooks in an american girl: mckenna shoots for the stars.	jade pettyjohn (born november 8, 2000) is an american teen actress known for her role as mckenna brooks in an american girl: mckenna shoots for the stars.
john digweed (born january 1, 1967 in hastings, england) is a consummate british dj and record producer.	john digweed (born january 1, 1967 in hastings, england) is a british dj and record producer.
"she painted american presidential candidate donald trump in early 2016 with a small penis, inspired by the prejudices we hold unconsciously about the idea of masculinity which apparently inspired marco rubio's insinuation about trump's ""small hands."""	"she painted american presidential candidate donald trump in early 2016 with a small penis, inspired by the prejudices she says people hold unconsciously about the idea of masculinity which apparently inspired marco rubio 's insinuation about trump's ""small hands."""
there are many fine houses of historical and architectural significance in the area that are still existing today or have been sadly demolished.	there are many fine houses of historical and architectural significance in the area that are still existing today or have been demolished.
the atlantic monthly magazine reports that the church sponsored a speaker, david brickner, who stated that a palestinian terrorist attacks on jews was gods judgment on the jews for failing to convert to christianity.	the atlantic monthly magazine reports that the church sponsored a speaker, david brickner, who claimed that a palestinian terrorist attacks on jews was gods judgment on the jews for failing to convert to christianity.
in 2009, research from the prestigious lab of drs.	in 2009, research from the lab of drs.
for a good review of the alkaloid distribution in different species of the genus ephedra see jian-fang cui (1991).	for a review of the alkaloid distribution in different species of the genus ephedra see jian-fang cui (1991).
the party strives to weaken laws regarding intellectual property and immaterial rights, including copyright, patent and the protection of design.	the party strives to reform laws regarding intellectual property and immaterial rights, including copyright, patent and the protection of design.
the position required him to assist the minister of justice to implement the recommendations dealing primarily with police reform and public safety made by wally oppal in his inquiry report released december 12, 2012. on may 17, 2013, point resigned from his position as chair on the pretext that lawsuits commenced by the children of missing women prevented him from fulfilling his mandate.	the position required him to assist the minister of justice to implement the recommendations dealing primarily with police reform and public safety made by wally oppal in his inquiry report released december 12, 2012. on may 17, 2013, point resigned from his position as chair on the grounds that lawsuits commenced by the children of missing women prevented him from fulfilling his mandate.
cameraman's story	cameraman's testimony
he is best known for a series of murals in the palazzo medici-riccardi depicting festive, vibrant processions with wonderful attention to detail and a pronounced international gothic influence.	he is best known for a series of murals in the palazzo medici-riccardi depicting festive, vibrant processions with fine attention to detail and a pronounced international gothic influence.
when tex is killed, o'malley leaps into the body of caboose; after being forced from there, he possesses the medical officer dufrense .	when tex is killed, o'malley leaps into the body of caboose; after being forced from there, he possesses the medical officer dufresne .
ralf schumacher had a horrific crash during friday's practice session, he was out of this grand prix and replaced by ricardo zonta.	ralf schumacher had a large crash during friday's practice session, he was out of this grand prix and replaced by ricardo zonta.
"since then, mauboy has released three top-10 singles, two top-15 singles and has scored five platinum and three gold accreditations, both for her debut album, been waiting in 2008, and five singles including her number one hit ""burn""."	"since then, mauboy has released three top-10 singles, two top-15 singles and has received five platinum and three gold accreditations, both for her debut album, been waiting in 2008, and five singles including her number one hit ""burn""."
anti-circumcision activist taylor postulates that the highly innervated and vascularised ridged band, which is removed in circumcision, is erogenous and plays a role in normal sexual function.	anti-circumcision advocate taylor postulates that the highly innervated and vascularised ridged band, which is removed in circumcision, is erogenous and plays a role in normal sexual function.
although rapidfile was created for the dos operating system, information is available to show that it can be persuaded to work reasonably well in the dos box of microsoft windows 95, 98, 2000 and xp, and also under gnu/ linux using the dosemu emulation software.	although rapidfile was created for the dos operating system, information is available to show that it can be persuaded to work reasonably well in the dos box of microsoft windows 95, 98, 2000 and xp, and also under linux using the dosemu emulation software.
terri schiavo (born theresa marie schindler on december 3, 1963) is a mentally handicapped american woman whose estranged husband's efforts to remove her feeding tube, and forbidding anyone from attempting to feed her by mouth, have prompted a fierce debate over euthanasia.	terri schiavo (born theresa marie schindler on december 3, 1963) is a mentally handicapped american woman whose husband's efforts to remove her feeding tube, and forbidding anyone from attempting to feed her by mouth, have prompted a fierce debate over euthanasia.
with regard to the whois queries, register claimed verio, was accessing its servers without authorization, which is a violation of the computer fraud and abuse act.	with regard to the whois queries, register claimed verio, was accessing its servers without authorization, which , it alleged, was a violation of the computer fraud and abuse act.
he is best known for co-creating and co-writing the comedy central series chappelle's show with dave chappelle.	he is known for co-creating and co-writing the comedy central series chappelle's show with dave chappelle.
under this pretense , it is a response, experienced by many different people, to situations that prompt such feelings.	under this interpretation , it is a response, experienced by many different people, to situations that prompt such feelings.
among the well-known believers of such ideas have been individuals such as the domestic usa terrorist bomber timothy mcveigh.	among the well-known believers of such ideas have been individuals such as the domestic usa bomber timothy mcveigh.
"while martin luther believed that the body and blood of christ are really present in the bread and wine of the sacrament (a view often called consubstantiation by non-lutherans), huldrych zwingli taught that the sacrament is purely symbolic and memorial in character, claiming that this was the meaning of jesus' instruction: ""do this in remembrance of me""."	"while martin luther believed that the body and blood of christ are really present in the bread and wine of the sacrament (a view often called consubstantiation by non-lutherans), huldrych zwingli taught that the sacrament is purely symbolic and memorial in character, arguing that this was the meaning of jesus' instruction: ""do this in remembrance of me""."
mastercard actually registered priceless as a trademark.	mastercard registered priceless as a trademark.
it was introduced in 1977 to offset the expulsion of the coca-cola company from india.	it was introduced in 1977 to offset the withdrawal of the coca-cola company from india.
plasy is a small town in the pilsen region in western part of the czech republic, lying on the spectacular river stela.	plasy is a small town in the pilsen region in western part of the czech republic, lying on the river stela.
dr. moshe marzouk was an israeli spy in egypt who was involved in a spate of terrorist bombings of civilian targets during the 1950s that were part of a wider plot eventually revealed during the lavon affair in israel.	dr. moshe marzouk was an israeli spy in egypt who was involved in a spate of bombings of civilian targets during the 1950s that were part of a wider plot eventually revealed during the lavon affair in israel.
there is also a superior maltese football club called hibernians fc.	there is also a maltese football club called hibernians fc.
"the painting was first noted in records in 1556, dating from a sermon by alonso de montfar, the dominican archbishop of mxico, who commended popular devotion to ""our lady of guadalupe,"" referring to a painting on cloth (a tilma) in the chapel of the virgin mary at tepeyac, where certain miracles had occurred."	"the image was first noted in records in 1556, dating from a sermon by alonso de montfar, the dominican archbishop of mxico, who commended popular devotion to ""our lady of guadalupe,"" referring to a painting on cloth (a tilma) in the chapel of the virgin mary at tepeyac, where certain miracles had occurred."
2017present: cancer crusader and comeback after sabbatical	2017present: cancer and comeback after sabbatical
maull's barbecue sauce is a typical and favorite local brand of st. louis-style barbecue sauce.	maull's barbecue sauce is a typical and popular local brand of st. louis-style barbecue sauce.
cintia dicker (born december 6 1986) is a brazilian supermodel .	cintia dicker (born december 6 1986) is a brazilian model .
the st nedelya church assault was an attack on st nedelya church in sofia, bulgaria.	the st nedelya church assault was a terrorist attack on st nedelya church in sofia, bulgaria.
last photo of admiral kolchak taken before his execution in 1920	last photo of admiral kolchak taken before his murder in 1920
ra's founder and director, michael marcavage, is a born-again christian and outspoken critic of homosexuality, abortion, and evolution.	ra's founder and director, michael marcavage, is a born-again christian and outspoken opponent of homosexuality, abortion, and evolution.
(later, at empress wu's request, emperor gaozong further executed the former empress wang and consort xiao cruelly .)	(later, at empress wu's request, emperor gaozong further executed the former empress wang and consort xiao.)
however, most people recognized this as simply a public relations gimmick without offering any effective means of solving the underlying problem.	however, most people viewed this as simply a public relations gimmick without offering any effective means of solving the underlying problem.
dr. fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the dictator of cuba since he became prime minister on february 16, 1959 and president of the council of state and the council of ministers on december 3, 1976.	dr. fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the ruler of cuba since he became prime minister on february 16, 1959 and president of the council of state and the council of ministers on december 3, 1976.
an unusually long clitoris in females may be mistaken for a penis; its purpose is unclear.	an unusually long clitoris in females may be mistaken for a penis; its function is unclear.
orff was a personal friend of kurt huber, one of the founders of the resistance movement die weie rose (the white rose), and who was executed by the gestapo in 1943. after world war ii, orff claimed that he was a member of the group, and was himself involved in the resistance, but unfortunately there was no evidence for this other than his own word, and other sources dispute his claim (for example ).	orff was a personal friend of kurt huber, one of the founders of the resistance movement die weie rose (the white rose), and who was executed by the gestapo in 1943. after world war ii, orff claimed that he was a member of the group, and was himself involved in the resistance, but there was no evidence for this other than his own word, and other sources dispute his claim (for example ).
teddington is an affluent area on the middlesex bank of the thames between hampton wick and twickenham in middlesex, england, and stretches inland from the thames to bushy park.	teddington is an area on the middlesex bank of the thames between hampton wick and twickenham in middlesex, england, and stretches inland from the thames to bushy park.
u2 are a pop rock band from dublin, ireland.	u2 are a rock band from dublin, ireland.
the rebels made a wide use of banned weapons, such as 82 mm and 120 mm mortars around in several locations around donetsk city and mariupol and antiaircraft guns in the northern front (luhansk oblast ).	the rebels made a wide use of banned weapons, such as 82 mm and 120 mm mortars around in several locations around donetsk city and mariupol and antiaircraft guns in the northern front (luhansk region ).
the well-known konkani hymn asli mata dukhest, which was put into konkani from famous latin hymn stabat mater, is sung during the lent.	the konkani hymn asli mata dukhest, which was put into konkani from famous latin hymn stabat mater, is sung during the lent.
the hong kong federation of students and scholarism began protesting outside the government headquarters on 22 september 2014. on the evening of 26 september, several hundred demonstrators violently charged a security barrier and entered the forecourt of the central government complex, which has been barred from public entry since july 2014. officers cordoned off protesters within the courtyard and restricted their movement overnight, eventually removing them by force the next day, including student leader joshua wong, who was temporarily detained.	the hong kong federation of students and scholarism began protesting outside the government headquarters on 22 september 2014. on the evening of 26 september, several hundred demonstrators charged a security barrier and entered the forecourt of the central government complex, which has been barred from public entry since july 2014. officers cordoned off protesters within the courtyard and restricted their movement overnight, eventually removing them by force the next day, including student leader joshua wong, who was temporarily detained.
nevertheless, in the 2004 moldovan census, about 40% of the population of moldova( 55% of all romanians/ moldovans in moldova) reported romanian as a native tongue, rather than moldovan.	nevertheless, in the 2004 moldovan census, about 40% of the population of moldova (55% of all moldovans in moldova) reported romanian as a native tongue, rather than moldovan.
still others, such as the celebrated islamist author sayyid qutb, go further, arguing that an islamic shura should advise the caliph but not elect or supervise him.	still others, such as the islamist author sayyid qutb, go further, arguing that an islamic shura should advise the caliph but not elect or supervise him.
his appearance, including his friendly mutton chops, prominent facial moles, and gravelly voice, has made him a cult icon.	his appearance, including his mutton chops, prominent facial moles, and gravelly voice, has made him a cult icon.
"consequently, many arguments used by prominent pro-life politicians (e.g., u.s. presidents ronald reagan and george w. bush) are made at the level of ""public reason,"" rather than from sectarian viewpoints."	"consequently, various arguments used by prominent pro-life politicians (e.g., u.s. presidents ronald reagan and george w. bush) are made at the level of ""public reason,"" rather than from sectarian viewpoints."
"during the 1998 conservative party conference in bournemouth, the tabloid sun's front page infamously read (referencing monty python's ""dead parrot"" sketch), ""this party is no more ... it has ceased to be ... this is an ex-party."	"during the 1998 conservative party conference in bournemouth, the tabloid sun's front page read (referencing monty python's ""dead parrot"" sketch), ""this party is no more ... it has ceased to be ... this is an ex-party."
she believes in god and got into a heated discussion about this delusion on british tv show 'this morning' in april 1995. she currently resides in london, near kensington.	she believes in god and got into a heated discussion about this on british tv show 'this morning' in april 1995. she currently resides in london, near kensington.
he is a neutralised qatari and has competed for qatar from july 2007. his personal best of 9.99 seconds is the former asian record for the 100 m.	he is a naturalized qatari and has competed for qatar from july 2007. his personal best of 9.99 seconds is the former asian record for the 100 m.
eddi-rue mcclanahan (february 21, 1934 june 3, 2010) was an american actress and comedienne best known for her roles on television as vivian harmon on maude (197278), aunt fran crowley on mama's family (198384), and blanche devereaux on the golden girls (198592), for which she won an emmy award for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series in 1987.	eddi-rue mcclanahan (february 21, 1934 june 3, 2010) was an american actress and comedian best known for her roles on television as vivian harmon on maude (197278), aunt fran crowley on mama's family (198384), and blanche devereaux on the golden girls (198592), for which she won an emmy award for outstanding lead actress in a comedy series in 1987.
was the ninth incarnation of the long-running hanna-barbera saturday morning cartoon scooby-doo, and a revival of the original show scooby-doo, where are you!.	was the ninth incarnation of the hanna-barbera saturday morning cartoon scooby-doo, and a revival of the original show scooby-doo, where are you!.
"numerous fragments of irish pseudohistory are scattered throughout the 7th and 8th centuries, but the earliest extant account is to be found in the historia brittonum or ""history of the britons,"" written by the welsh priest nennius in 829-830. nennius gives two separate accounts of early irish history."	"numerous fragments of irish legendary history are scattered throughout the 7th and 8th centuries, but the earliest extant account is to be found in the historia brittonum or ""history of the britons,"" written by the welsh priest nennius in 829-830. nennius gives two separate accounts of early irish history."
"solo kicked off the evening with a brilliant version of ""whole wide world"" and also sang the old devant favourite, ""pimlico""."	"solo kicked off the evening with a version of ""whole wide world"" and also sang the old devant favourite, ""pimlico""."
minardos managed to swim to safety, but fleming was swept away by the current and drowned on september 28, 1966. fleming was only 41 years old when he died.	minardos managed to swim to safety, but fleming was swept away by the current and drowned on september 28, 1966. fleming was 41 years old when he died.
the apalachee massacre was a series of brutal raids by english colonists from the province of carolina and their indian allies against a largely pacific population of apalachee indians in northern spanish florida that took place during queen anne's war in 1704. against limited spanish and indian resistance, a thriving network of missions was destroyed; most of the population was either killed, captured, fled to larger spanish and french outposts, or voluntarily joined the english.	the apalachee massacre was a series of brutal raids by english colonists from the province of carolina and their indian allies against a largely pacific population of apalachee indians in northern spanish florida that took place during queen anne's war in 1704. against limited spanish and indian resistance, a network of missions was destroyed; most of the population was either killed, captured, fled to larger spanish and french outposts, or voluntarily joined the english.
the republican revolution era is thought to be coming to an end in january 2007, following the results of the 2006 elections, when democrats won back both the house of representatives and the senate (49 democrats, 49 republicans, and 2 independents caucusing with democrats) as well as the majority of state governorships (28-22).	the republican revolution era is thought to be coming to an end in january 2007, following the results of the 2006 elections, when democrats won both the house of representatives and the senate (49 democrats, 49 republicans, and 2 independents caucusing with democrats) as well as the majority of state governorships (28-22).
perry married actress/ comedienne jo anne worley on may 11, 1975. they divorced in 2000 and had no children.3	perry married actress/ comedian jo anne worley on may 11, 1975. they divorced in 2000 and had no children.3
originally an aeronautical engineer during the second world war, he then took a second degree in genetics under the great j.b.s.	originally an aeronautical engineer during the second world war, he then took a second degree in genetics under the well-known biologist j.b.s.
radio, released october 2003, is a movie directed by michael tollin that tells the patronizing story of a high school football coach (ed harris) and a mentally-challenged boy nicknamed radio (cuba gooding).	radio, released october 2003, is a movie directed by michael tollin that tells the story of a high school football coach (ed harris) and a mentally-challenged boy nicknamed radio (cuba gooding).
"the term ""talking cure,"" as well as the anna o. case study, were later adopted by dr. sigmund freud to describe the fundamental work of psychoanalysis, and in fact he referred to them here in north america in his lectures on psychoanalysis at clark university, worcester, ma, in september 1909."	"the term ""talking cure,"" as well as the anna o. case study, were later adopted by dr. sigmund freud to describe the fundamental work of psychoanalysis, and in fact he referred to them in north america in his lectures on psychoanalysis at clark university, worcester, ma, in september 1909."
after the election, contributions dropped... when people inquire about nader's relationship to the organization, public citizen sends out a letter that begins with a startling new disclaimer: 'although ralph nader was our founder, he has not held an official position in the organization since 1980 and does not serve on the board.	after the election, contributions dropped... when people inquire about nader's relationship to the organization, public citizen sends out a letter that begins with a new disclaimer: 'although ralph nader was our founder, he has not held an official position in the organization since 1980 and does not serve on the board.
"david samuel ""sam"" peckinpah (february 21, 1925 – december 28, 1984) was an american filmmaker and screenwriter who achieved iconic status following the release of his 1969 western epic the wild bunch."	"david samuel ""sam"" peckinpah (february 21, 1925 – december 28, 1984) was an american filmmaker and screenwriter who achieved his status following the release of his 1969 western epic the wild bunch."
(john maddox, a former highly-respected editor of the journal nature, quoted by david adam in the guardian, 28 january 2005)	(john maddox, a former editor of the journal nature, quoted by david adam in the guardian, 28 january 2005)
the latter is a satirical parody of personality-driven, politically conservative news and opinion shows, especially bill o'reilly's the o'reilly factor.	the latter is a satirical parody of personality-driven, politically conservative news and opinion shows, as well as bill o'reilly's the o'reilly factor.
following his win in south carolina, obama received the endorsement of caroline kennedy, daughter of former president john f. kennedy, as well as powerful massachusetts senator ted kennedy, the former president's brother.	following his win in south carolina, obama received the endorsement of caroline kennedy, daughter of former president john f. kennedy, as well as massachusetts senator ted kennedy, the former president's brother.
"the sketch comedy show in living color, parodied informer featuring jim carrey as snow in a not-so-subtle parody titled ""imposter."""	"the sketch comedy show in living color, parodied informer featuring jim carrey as snow in a parody titled ""imposter."""
"he also employed a number of inappropriate contemporaneities, like ""the meeting adjourned"", ""i could fancy him"" and ""it's the kind of thing that gives a girl a good name in town""."	"he also employed a number of contemporaneities, like ""the meeting adjourned"", ""i could fancy him"" and ""it's the kind of thing that gives a girl a good name in town""."
the flashbacks of characters after shepard's decision have also been fixed so now the first will be that of anderson, the second someone who died over the course of the game, and the third whoever was shepard's love interest.	the flashbacks of characters after shepard's decision have also been changed so now the first will be that of anderson, the second someone who died over the course of the game, and the third whoever was shepard's love interest.
the film finished with a domestic gross of only $65 million.	the film finished with a domestic gross of $65 million.
the hysteria spread across the country but gradually burned itself out as militias imposed law and order.	the revolt spread across the country but gradually burned itself out as militias imposed law and order.
in a january 10 national public radio interview, beachy noted that laura albert's work as a phone sex prostitute honed her skill at creating elaborate stories about sexual acts and abuse, which albert would use to elicit sympathy from other writers and editors who might help her get published.	in a january 10 national public radio interview, beachy noted that laura albert's work as a phone sex operator honed her skill at creating elaborate stories about sexual acts and abuse, which albert would use to elicit sympathy from other writers and editors who might help her get published.
fascinating portrayal of mongol horde conquest, way of life, as seen through psin, a merkit rather than a mongol and his fights with his son who is coming into his own in the army.	portrayal of mongol horde conquest, way of life, as seen through psin, a merkit rather than a mongol and his fights with his son who is coming into his own in the army.
blood doping is the practice of illicitly boosting the number of red blood cells (rbcs) in the circulation in order to enhance athletic performance.	blood doping is the practice of boosting the number of red blood cells (rbcs) in the circulation in order to enhance athletic performance.
it is designed to run on all major operating systems ( gnu/ linux, mac os x and microsoft windows).	it is designed to run on all major operating systems (linux, mac os x and microsoft windows).
"albert burneko of deadspin reviewed regional dishes from around the us and ranked cincinnati chili dead last, describing it as ""the worst regional foodstuff in america or anywhere else""."	"albert burneko of deadspin reviewed regional dishes from around the us and ranked cincinnati chili last, describing it as ""the worst regional foodstuff in america or anywhere else""."
west yorkshire metrocards are available on trains to darton, north of barnsley.	west yorkshire metrocards are available on trains between leeds and darton , north of barnsley .
the song was engineered by grammy-winning producer bill bottrell and arranged by bottrell and jasun martz.	the song was engineered by producer bill bottrell and arranged by bottrell and jasun martz.
the murder of joe stuntz was never investigated.	the death of joe stuntz was never investigated.
"they have contributed greatly to the reggaeton movement with songs such as ""oye mi canto"", and ""mas maiz"" with artist and producer n.o.r.e.."	"they have contributed to the reggaeton movement with songs such as ""oye mi canto"", and ""mas maiz"" with artist and producer n.o.r.e.."
dextromethorphan (dm or dxm) is an antitussive dissociative drug that is found in many over-the-counter cold remedies and cough syrups.	dextromethorphan (dm or dxm) is an antitussive drug that is found in many over-the-counter cold remedies and cough syrups.
a sixth novel, northanger abbey, which was taken from austen's early writings from before 1800 and coincidentally co-published in 1818 with persuasion after austen's death under the same cover, is sometimes added to her list of leading novels even though it was written at a time chronologically separated from her main novels written over a decade later, and which were all published between 1812 and 1818.	a sixth novel, northanger abbey, which was taken from austen's early writings from before 1800 and coincidentally co-published in 1818 with persuasion after austen's death under the same cover, is sometimes added to her list of leading novels even though it was written at a time separated from her main novels written over a decade later, and which were all published between 1812 and 1818.
hartman, reubens and michael varhol co-wrote the script for pee-wee's big adventure, and in 1985 the film, directed by tim burton and memorably scored by danny elfman, was released.	hartman, reubens and michael varhol co-wrote the script for pee-wee's big adventure, and in 1985 the film, directed by tim burton and scored by danny elfman, was released.
he is known in submarine history as the legendary commander of submarine force pacific fleet during world war ii.	he is known in submarine history as the commander of submarine force pacific fleet during world war ii.
for over sixty years many authorities (such as leta stetter hollingworth, children above 180 iq) have suggested that people with extremely high iqs are radically different from the rest of us.	for over sixty years many psychologists (such as leta stetter hollingworth, children above 180 iq) have suggested that people with extremely high iqs are radically different from the rest of us.
however, the difference between the two spoken versions is extremely obvious to people from either country, if not to a casual observer from a third country.	however, the difference between the two spoken versions is obvious to people from either country, if not to a casual observer from a third country.
only munich's two universities and the technical university of karlsruhe have been awarded the prestigious title of elite university of germany and millions of euro in funding.	only munich's two universities and the technical university of karlsruhe have been awarded the title of elite university of germany and millions of euro in funding.
"the movie was the ""first feature film"" made about the church of scientology , and included scientology-related issues such as suppressive person, clear, the e-meter, security checks, disconnection, scieno sitter, the story of xenu and the sea org."	"the movie was the ""first feature film"" made about the church of scientology , and depicted scientology-related issues such as suppressive person, clear, the e-meter, security checks, disconnection, scieno sitter, the story of xenu and the sea org."
blackheath is an affluent inner suburban area of south east london, england.	blackheath is an inner suburban area of south east london, england.
humans have a highly developed brain capable of abstract reasoning, language and introspection.	humans have a grossly developed brain capable of abstract reasoning, language and introspection.
hossein alizadeh , is a distinguished iranian composer, radif-preserver, researcher, teacher, and excellent tar and setar instrumentalist and improviser, dubbed by many as an ostad (i.e.	hossein alizadeh , is a distinguished iranian composer, radif-preserver, researcher, teacher, and tar and setar instrumentalist and improviser, dubbed by many as an ostad (i.e.
many , including director quentin tarantino, now consider joston to have been a vastly underrated actor whose talent was not duly recognized during his lifetime.	some , including director quentin tarantino, now consider joston to have been a vastly underrated actor whose talent was not duly recognized during his lifetime.
in august 1942, the station commander wing commander knowles was tragically killed flying in a visiting armstrong whitworth whitley when the aircraft failed to clear the bride hills just to the north soon after take off from andreas.	in august 1942, the station commander wing commander knowles was killed flying in a visiting armstrong whitworth whitley when the aircraft failed to clear the bride hills just to the north soon after take off from andreas.
e-century publishing corporation is a publisher of predatory open access scientific journals based in madison, wisconsin.	e-century publishing corporation is a publisher of open access scientific journals based in madison, wisconsin.
"the situation from the u.s. perspective was best summed up by an macv intelligence analyst: ""if we'd gotten the whole battle plan, it wouldn't have been believed."	"the situation from the u.s. perspective was summed up by an macv intelligence analyst: ""if we'd gotten the whole battle plan, it wouldn't have been believed."
introduced by the house judiciary committee as building on similar legislation, the pro-ip act of 2008 and the senate's protect ip act of 2011, this bill modernizes our criminal and civil statutes to meet new ip enforcement challenges and protect american jobs.	introduced by the house judiciary committee as building on similar legislation, the pro-ip act of 2008 and the senate's protect ip act of 2011, this bill modernizes united states criminal and civil statutes to meet new ip enforcement challenges and protect american jobs.
it is important to scale the game's difficulty and supervision appropriately for different age groups and ability levels.	it is possible to scale the game's difficulty and supervision appropriately for different age groups and ability levels.
such a display is not a virtual retinal display, but merely a buzz-term for a display that has a sufficiently high dpi (dot per inch) to be beyond what the human eye (or its retina) can discern.	such a display is not a virtual retinal display, but a buzz-term for a display that has a sufficiently high dpi (dot per inch) to be beyond what the human eye (or its retina) can discern.
doonesbury is a popular comic strip by garry trudeau.	doonesbury is a comic strip by garry trudeau.
for bulbs powered by ac current, the thread is connected to neutral and the contact on the bottom tip of the base is connected to live .	"for bulbs powered by ac current, the thread is connected to neutral and the contact on the bottom tip of the base is connected to the ""hot"" phase ."
in 2018 wesfarmers decided on a demerger from coles following poor market share and plummeting sales after woolworths group retakes rightful market lead.	in 2018 wesfarmers decided on a demerger from coles following poor market share and plummeting sales after woolworths group retakes market lead.
in 2016, the uk house of commons voted to renew the british nuclear deterrent with the dreadnought-class submarine, without setting a date for the commencement of service of a replacement to the current system.	in 2016, the uk house of commons voted to renew the british nuclear weapons system with the dreadnought-class submarine, without setting a date for the commencement of service of a replacement to the current system.
(the obvious element of drama has also made the subject popular in science fiction, which has considered many differently possible scenarios where intelligent machines pose a threat to mankind .)	(the obvious element of drama has also made the subject popular in science fiction, which has considered many differently possible scenarios where intelligent machines pose a threat to humankind .)
however, so-called sexually transmitted infections may also be transmitted non-sexually .	however, many sexually transmitted infections may also be transmitted non-sexually.
today, bc's music continues to be played on aor-friendly radio stations as well as in movies, television shows, and commercials, and even during sporting events.	today, bc's music continues to be played on aor-friendly radio stations as well as in movies, television shows, and commercials, and during sporting events.
the chinese taipei national football team is the official name given by fifa to the national football team of taiwan (see chinese taipei for team naming issue.)	the chinese taipei national football team is the official name given by fifa to the national football team of the republic of china (see chinese taipei for team naming issue.)
although scarone's international career ended in 1930, the 31 goals (in only 51 matches) he scored for his country still stand as of 2005 as the national record.	although scarone's international career ended in 1930, the 31 goals (in 51 matches) he scored for his country still stand as of 2005 as the national record.
the attraction was a huge success when it opened in 2007, with queue-line times sometimes reaching four hours.	the attraction was a success when it opened in 2007, with queue-line times sometimes reaching four hours.
the generation gap was a single by iconic australian rock group hoodoo gurus.	the generation gap was a single by australian rock group hoodoo gurus.
theistic evolution, commonly known as evolutionary creationism, is the general opinion that some or all classical religious teachings about god and creation are compatible with some or all of the modern scientific understanding about biological evolution.	theistic evolution, also known as evolutionary creationism, is the general opinion that some or all classical religious teachings about god and creation are compatible with some or all of the modern scientific understanding about biological evolution.
noll additionally makes countless appearances and personally fundraises for numerous charities.	noll additionally makes appearances and personally fundraises for numerous charities.
"in june 2005 he granted an interview in the far-right german nationalist newspaper junge freiheit, in which he praised monarchy and attacked democracy, calling it mob rule and saying, ""liberty instead of democracy!""."	"in june 2005 he granted an interview in the german nationalist newspaper junge freiheit, in which he praised monarchy and attacked democracy, calling it mob rule and saying, ""liberty instead of democracy!""."
a few years later, she made her breakthrough in television comedy, playing rita, the married daughter of alf garnett in the controversial bbc sitcom till death us do part (196675).	a few years later, she made her breakthrough in television comedy, playing rita, the married daughter of alf garnett in the bbc sitcom till death us do part (196675).
he is a close friend of writer and fellow -cynic joe bob briggs, who is also a member of the trinity foundation.	he is a close friend of writer and fellow joe bob briggs, who is also a member of the trinity foundation.
vitamin proponant matthias rath has been roundly criticised for presenting his supplements as a treatment for aids and testing them in illegal trials in south africa.	vitamin proponant matthias rath has been criticised for presenting his supplements as a treatment for aids and testing them in illegal trials in south africa.
in about 1918 it was found that charcoals made from the shells and seeds of various fruits and nuts such as coconuts , chestnuts , horse- chestnuts , and peach pits performed much better than wood charcoal.	in about 1918 it was found that charcoals made from the shells and seeds of various fruits and nuts such as coconuts , chestnuts , horse- chestnuts , and peach stones performed much better than wood charcoal .
realizing that gods message was to all people on april 1, 1941 the church changed its name and was incorporated in the state of alabama as the apostolic overcoming holy church of god.	believing that gods message was to all people on april 1, 1941 the church changed its name and was incorporated in the state of alabama as the apostolic overcoming holy church of god.
critics are strongly divided on the question of whether or not king lear represents an affirmation of christian doctrine.	critics are divided on the question of whether or not king lear represents an affirmation of christian doctrine.
she lays a trap for lovely sue storm and the blonde girl walks blindly into it.	she lays a trap for sue storm and the blonde girl walks blindly into it.
thanks to leland, charlie brown's team wins, 27 to 26, therefore getting their uniforms (a recycled plot line is that leland is so short the other team's pitcher either constantly walks him or beans him in his batting helmet).	thanks to leland, charlie brown's team wins, 27 to 26, therefore getting their uniforms (a recurring plot line is that leland is so short the other team's pitcher either constantly walks him or beans him in his batting helmet).
israeli-palestinian conflict: in the northern gaza strip, israeli troops shoot and kill abed rauf nabhan, a local hamas leader, as he prepared to fire an anti-tank missile at israeli troops invading jebaliya refugee camp.	israeli-palestinian conflict: in the northern gaza strip, israeli troops shoot and kill abed rauf nabhan, a local hamas leader, as he prepared to fire an anti-tank missile at israeli troops at the jebaliya refugee camp.
left front election propaganda in kolkata 2004dsp-meeting in kolkatawest bengal left front committee meeting for solidarity with tripura	left front election posters in kolkata 2004dsp-meeting in kolkatawest bengal left front committee meeting for solidarity with tripura
ben bova, in an editorial in analog science fiction (june 1974) and in interviews in fanzines, made it clear how disgruntled he had been as science adviser, and in 1975, he published a humorous novel entitled the starcrossed, depicting a scientist taken on as a science adviser for a terrible science fiction series.	ben bova, in an editorial in analog science fiction (june 1974) and in interviews in fanzines, made it clear how disgruntled he had been as science adviser, and in 1975, he published a novel entitled the starcrossed, depicting a scientist taken on as a science adviser for a terrible science fiction series.
harajuku barbie, nicki lewinsky and roman zolanski are all alter egos of rising female rapper nicki minaj	harajuku barbie, nicki lewinsky and roman zolanski are all alter egos of female rapper nicki minaj
in 1867, with the union of three british north american colonies through confederation, canada became a federation .	in 1867, with the union of three british north american colonies through confederation, canada became a federal dominion .
he started basic religious schooling, at the age of seven, by learning holy koran and religion related books in persian language.	he started basic religious schooling, at the age of seven, by learning koran and religion related books in persian language.
on 18 june 2006, the #8 audi r10 placed first at the 74th annual le mans 24 hours, completing 380 laps, more than any other winning car, including the venerable r8.	on 18 june 2006, the #8 audi r10 placed first at the 74th annual le mans 24 hours, completing 380 laps, more than any other winning car, including the r8.
microsoft's position is in stark contrast with many other operating systems and browsers.	microsoft's position is in contrast with many other operating systems and browsers.
yusuf is known for his extensive involvement in humanitarian initiatives and global charity work, working alongside charity organizations like islamic relief and save the children.	yusuf is known for his involvement in humanitarian initiatives and global charity work, working alongside charity organizations like islamic relief and save the children.
the republic of taiwan (; peh-o-j: ti-on king-h-kok) is a goal of supporters of taiwan independence in creating a taiwanese state unambiguously separated from china, covering (at most) the areas currently under the jurisdiction of the republic of china (i.e., taiwan, penghu, quemoy, matsu islands and some minor islands).	the republic of taiwan (; peh-o-j: ti-on king-h-kok) is a goal of supporters of taiwan independence in creating a taiwanese state unambiguously separated from china, covering (at most) the areas currently under the control of the republic of china (i.e., taiwan, penghu, quemoy, matsu islands and some minor islands).
at age 20, cliburn won the prestigious levintritt award, and made his carnegie hall debut.	at age 20, cliburn won the levintritt award, and made his carnegie hall debut.
however, these early events received little attention, and it was not until 1957 when the new york times reported an unsuccessful struggle to restrict ddt use in nassau county, new york that the issue came to the attention of the popular naturalist-author, rachel carson.	however, these early events received little attention, and it was not until 1957 when the new york times reported an unsuccessful effort to restrict ddt use in nassau county, new york that the issue came to the attention of the popular naturalist-author, rachel carson.
leo tolstoy in his declining years.	leo tolstoy in his later years.
neutrality was overwhelmingly supported by the people , though there was a small anglophilic minority who supported britain.	neutrality was overwhelmingly supported by the people , though there was a small minority who supported britain.
however, marxist historians, such as romila thapar, debunk these claims as gross exaggerations.	however, historians, such as romila thapar, debunk these claims as gross exaggerations.
maria pavlovna was raised at her father's lavish palaces at pavlovsk and at the nearby gatchina.	maria pavlovna was raised at her father's palaces at pavlovsk and at the nearby gatchina.
he decided to run for mayor after unpopular incumbent carty finkbeiner decided not to run for re-election.	he decided to run for mayor after incumbent carty finkbeiner decided not to run for re-election.
"the percentages are not standardized, but common rules of thumb call for one table (usually nine players) ""to get paid for each 100 entrants,"" according to poker expert andrew n. s. glazer, in his book, the complete idiot's guide to poker."	"the percentages are not standardized, but common rules of thumb call for one table (usually nine players) ""to get paid for each 100 entrants,"" according to poker author andrew n. s. glazer, in his book, the complete idiot's guide to poker."
it is a popular belief that modern hard rock or nu metal sadly spawned from this genre of metal, though groove metal still gains more respect among metal fans than nu metal does.	it is a popular belief that modern hard rock or nu metal spawned from this genre of metal, though groove metal still gains more respect among metal fans than nu metal does.
list of other famous chancellors and prime ministers	list of other chancellors and prime ministers
"a tear for eddie was dedicated to the funk/psychedelic guitar pioneer eddie hazel, who died december 23, 1992. ween originally wanted the cover to have a ""gay sailor theme"" but the studio thought it politically incorrect (possibly because of the ""hiv song"" which is ironically cheery and upbeat), so they opted for the beautiful woman's body on the cover."	"a tear for eddie was dedicated to the funk/psychedelic guitar pioneer eddie hazel, who died december 23, 1992. ween originally wanted the cover to have a ""gay sailor theme"" but the studio thought it politically incorrect (possibly because of the ""hiv song"" which is ironically cheery and upbeat), so they opted for the woman's body on the cover."
anti-american slogans in the pro-russian rebel- occupied donetsk, ukraine, 9 may 2014	anti-american slogans in the pro-russian rebel- controlled donetsk, ukraine, 9 may 2014
born betty julia hymans at 54 cranhurst road in willesden, middlesex, she was married to entertainer cyril fletcher for more than 60 years, from 18 may 1941 until his death on 1 january 2005. they had a daughter, actress/ comedienne jill fletcher.	born betty julia hymans at 54 cranhurst road in willesden, middlesex, she was married to entertainer cyril fletcher for more than 60 years, from 18 may 1941 until his death on 1 january 2005. they had a daughter, actress/ comedian jill fletcher.
"during the subsequent media circus , the game was removed from sale by some vendors, such as the uk and international branches of game and dixons, leading to ""significantly increased"" demand both from retailers and on internet auction sites."	"during the subsequent media frenzy , the game was removed from sale by some vendors, such as the uk and international branches of game and dixons, leading to ""significantly increased"" demand both from retailers and on internet auction sites."
"7"" erika yazawa who would later become a comedienne ."	"7"" erika yazawa who would later become a comedian ."
during the early 1950s, he studied with the great austrian economist ludwig von mises and began working for the william volker fund.	during the early 1950s, he studied with the austrian economist ludwig von mises and began working for the william volker fund.
frederick swann, renowned concert organist and professor of organ	frederick swann, concert organist and professor of organ
pipo's brothers were forefathers of the serb clans of vasojevii and ozrinii, and the albanian tribes krasniqi (also serb krasnii), trieshi, and hoti from montenegro.	pipo's brothers were forefathers of the montenegrin clans of vasojevii and ozrinii, and the albanian tribes krasniqi (also serb krasnii), trieshi, and hoti from montenegro.
jobin's successor from 2011 on has been comedienne marni van dyk.	jobin's successor from 2011 on has been comedian marni van dyk.
rather, they wanted to adjust the universities to their own wishes .	rather, they wanted to adjust the universities to their own principles .
a hedge fund is a private, largely unregulated pool of capital whose managers can buy or sell any assets, bet on falling as well as rising assets, and participate substantially in profits from money invested.	a hedge fund is a private, largely unregulated pool of capital whose managers can buy or sell any assets, make speculative trades on falling as well as rising assets, and participate substantially in profits from money invested.
"however, gaverick matheny, a ph.d. candidate in agricultural economics at the university of maryland, college park, countered that davis' reasoning contained several major flaws, including miscalculating the number of animal deaths based on land area rather than per consumer, and incorrectly equating ""the harm done to animals to the number of animals killed."""	"however, gaverick matheny, a ph.d. candidate in agricultural economics at the university of maryland, college park, claimed that davis' reasoning contained several major flaws, including miscalculating the number of animal deaths based on land area rather than per consumer, and incorrectly equating ""the harm done to animals to the number of animals killed."""
early on sunday morning, june 25, 2006, shalit was kidnapped by palestinian militants who attacked an army post in israel after crossing the border from the gaza strip into israel via a an underground tunnel they dug near the kerem shalom crossing at the south gaza strip border.	early on sunday morning, june 25, 2006, shalit was captured by palestinian militants who attacked an army post in israel after crossing the border from the gaza strip into israel via a an underground tunnel they dug near the kerem shalom crossing at the south gaza strip border.
the addition of political spin to articles by organizations including the u.s. house of representatives and special interest groups has been noted, and organizations such as microsoft have offered financial incentives to improve certain articles.	the addition of political spin to articles by organizations including the u.s. house of representatives and special interest groups has been noted, and organizations such as microsoft have offered financial incentives to work on certain articles.
capone was on vacation in florida at the time.	capone himself had arranged to be on vacation in florida at the time.
cooks at a mott street restaurant enjoying a break outside a side entrance on mosco street.	cooks at a mott street restaurant taking a break outside a side entrance on mosco street.
werewolf-movies.com, definitive guide to werewolves in cinema	werewolf-movies.com, a comprehensive guide to werewolves in cinema
migration from india was curtailed after the australian government introduced the immigration restriction act 1901, but following india's hard-won independence from britain in 1947, the number of anglo-indians and indian-born british citizens immigrating to australia increased.	migration from india was curtailed after the australian government introduced the immigration restriction act 1901, but following india's independence from britain in 1947, the number of anglo-indians and indian-born british citizens immigrating to australia increased.
after bush won the election, the video's ending was changed to eminem and the rioters invading while bush was giving a speech.	after bush won the election, the video's ending was changed to eminem and the protesters invading while bush was giving a speech.
"the album achieved considerable success worldwide following the release of its smash-hit lead single ""umbrella"" and maintains its successful chart run."	"the album achieved considerable success worldwide following the release of its lead single ""umbrella"" and maintains its successful chart run."
some of these agents acquired far greater notoriety later.	some of these agents acquired far greater fame later.
despite forensic, ballistic, and eyewitness evidence that supports the official findings, public opinion polls have shown that most americans deny the official version of the events.	despite forensic, ballistic, and eyewitness evidence that supports the official findings, public opinion polls have shown that most americans do not believe the official version of the events.
itiquira falls this beautiful 168 m-high waterfall is just over 100 km from braslia, in the municipality of formosa, gois	itiquira falls this 168 m-high waterfall is just over 100 km from braslia, in the municipality of formosa, gois
wilkin was assassinated for his involvement in the murder of abraham stern.	wilkin was assassinated for his involvement in the death of abraham stern.
after learning that he is the only match with frank's blood type, jim nobly sacrifices himself so that frank can survive with his daughter.	after learning that he is the only match with frank's blood type, jim sacrifices himself so that frank can survive with his daughter.
mythical hebrew liberator, leader, lawgiver, prophet, and historian.	legendary hebrew liberator, leader, lawgiver, prophet, and historian.
in 2005 she returned to sweden for a brief period of filming and starred in a fine supporting role in danish director simon staho's experimental/avant garde film bang bang orangutang (with a punk music soundtrack by a.o.	in 2005 she returned to sweden for a brief period of filming and starred in a supporting role in danish director simon staho's experimental/avant garde film bang bang orangutang (with a punk music soundtrack by a.o.
although these first black men were indentured servants, this marked the beginning of america's infamous history of slavery, although major introduction of african slaves by both african and europeans profiteers did not take place until much later in the century.	although these first black men were indentured servants, this marked the beginning of america's history of slavery, although major introduction of african slaves by both african and europeans profiteers did not take place until much later in the century.
in march 1848 these differences led to an open uprising by schleswig-holstein's large german majority in support of independence from denmark and of close association with the german confederation.	in march 1848 these differences led to an open uprising by schleswig-holstein's german majority in support of independence from denmark and of close association with the german confederation.
the wake weekly is a weekly, privately owned and independent newspaper based in wake forest, north carolina, primarily covering the north carolina counties of wake and franklin.	the wake weekly is an american weekly, privately owned and independent newspaper based in wake forest, north carolina, primarily covering the north carolina counties of wake and franklin.
however, as zionism grew in europe during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, jewish immigration (mostly from europe) to palestine began to increase markedly, creating much arab resentment.	however, as antisemitism grew in europe during the late 19th and early 20th centuries, jewish immigration (mostly from europe) to palestine began to increase markedly, creating much arab resentment.
the buddhist term antman (sanskrit) or anatta (pli ) specifies the absence of a supposedly permanent and unchanging self or soul in any one of the psycho-physical (namo-rupa) constituents of empirical existence; eg.	the buddhist term antman (sanskrit) or anatta (pli ) specifies the absence of a permanent and unchanging self or soul in any one of the psycho-physical (namo-rupa) constituents of empirical existence; eg.
several prominent figures have visited the free hetherington occupation including billy bragg; , and david rovics .	several figures have visited the free hetherington occupation including billy bragg; , and david rovics .
this tension can be regarded in the context of relations between indigenous/ minority populations and majority ruling authorities elsewhere in the world.	this tension can be regarded in the context of relations between minority populations and majority ruling authorities elsewhere in the world.
the design of love park unfortuneately turned out to be perfect for skateboarding and the plaza became internationally famous as one of the best places to skate in the world until a 2000 skateboarding ban was enforced in 2002. the park is nicknamed love park for robert indiana's love sculpture which overlooks the plaza.	the design of love park turned out to be perfect for skateboarding and the plaza became internationally famous as one of the best places to skate in the world until a 2000 skateboarding ban was enforced in 2002. the park is nicknamed love park for robert indiana's love sculpture which overlooks the plaza.
the government of canada maintains a chart of the fees typically charged for use of atms in canada.	the finanical consumer agency of canada maintains a chart of the fees typically charged for use of atms in canada.
marixst historian j. arch getty of the ucla and the american historical review and former indian counter-terrorism chief bahukutumbi raman question both the validity of the material as well as the conclusions drawn from them.	russia historian j. arch getty of the ucla and the american historical review and former indian counter-terrorism chief bahukutumbi raman question both the validity of the material as well as the conclusions drawn from them.
edgar johnson goodspeed (18711962) was an american liberal theologian and scholar of greek and the new testament.	edgar johnson goodspeed (18711962) was an american theologian and scholar of greek and the new testament.
animal sexual behaviour takes many different forms, even within the same species.	animal sexual behaviour takes many different forms, including within the same species.
to celebrate eley's victory, cpi(ml) painted a slogan in the front window of their premises in dublin, which interestingly resulted in the window being smashed.	to celebrate eley's victory, cpi(ml) painted a slogan in the front window of their premises in dublin, which resulted in the window being smashed.
on february 28, 2010, nickelback gave a rousing performance at the beginning of the concert portion of the 2010 olympic games closing ceremony.	on february 28, 2010, nickelback gave a performance at the beginning of the concert portion of the 2010 olympic games closing ceremony.
clark apparently underestimated bundrage in the first 2 rounds, but then came back to win 2 of his own, in front of his adopted father/boxing coach and fiancee, until bundrage throws a beautiful punch to knock clark down in the fifth round, securing the win by majority decision (2 judges saying he won, 1 saying it was a tie).	clark apparently underestimated bundrage in the first 2 rounds, but then came back to win 2 of his own, in front of his adopted father/boxing coach and fiancee, until bundrage throws a punch to knock clark down in the fifth round, securing the win by majority decision (2 judges saying he won, 1 saying it was a tie).
on 29 september 2006, the administrator of the commonwealth of australia, her excellency professor marie bashir ac cvo, presented the nsw police banner to the new south wales police force at a moving ceremony adjacent to the nsw police force roll of honour at the domain in sydney, australia.	on 29 september 2006, the administrator of the commonwealth of australia, her excellency professor marie bashir ac cvo, presented the nsw police banner to the new south wales police force at a ceremony adjacent to the nsw police force roll of honour at the domain in sydney, australia.
the povl's bridge from 1744	povl's bridge from 1744
he is regarded as a hero in south korea while north koreans think his stupid act led the japanese annexation of korea in 1910.	he is regarded as a hero in south korea while north koreans think his act led the japanese annexation of korea in 1910 .
in 2002, ibm dismissed edwin black's claim that ibm is withholding materials regarding this era in its archives.	in 2002, ibm disputed edwin black's claim that ibm is withholding materials regarding this era in its archives.
the space-cadet keyboard is a legendary device used on mit lisp machines, which inspired several still-current jargon terms in the field of computer science and influenced the design of emacs.	the space-cadet keyboard is a device used on mit lisp machines, which inspired several still-current jargon terms in the field of computer science and influenced the design of emacs.
the byd m6 is a high-quality 7- seater mpv made by chinese car maker byd.	the byd m6 is a 7- seater mpv made by chinese car maker byd.
prompted sarcastic criticism by peter carlson in a column in the washington post.	prompted criticism by peter carlson in a column in the washington post.
we know of several metropolitans of this see, the first of whom, agapetus, attended the council of nicaea in 325; neonas was at the council of seleucia in 359; symposius at the council of constantinople in 381; dexianus at the council of ephesus in 431; basil, a celebrated orator and writer, whose conduct was rather ambiguous at the robber council of ephesus and at the beginning of the council of chalcedon in 451; theodore was at the fifth ecumenical council in 553; macrobius at the sixth ecumenical council and the council in trullo in 692.	we know of several metropolitans of this see, the first of whom, agapetus, attended the council of nicaea in 325; neonas was at the council of seleucia in 359; symposius at the council of constantinople in 381; dexianus at the council of ephesus in 431; basil, a celebrated orator and writer, whose conduct was rather ambiguous at the second council of ephesus and at the beginning of the council of chalcedon in 451; theodore was at the fifth ecumenical council in 553; macrobius at the sixth ecumenical council and the council in trullo in 692.
the name of jesus christ himself can be made to add up to 666, and thereby linked to the antichrist, a ridiculous result that exposes the meaninglessness of such techniques.	the name of jesus christ himself can be made to add up to 666, and thereby linked to the antichrist, a result that exposes the meaninglessness of such techniques.
rauschenberg's simple comment concerning the gap between art and life can be seen as a statement which provides the departure point for an understanding of his contributions as an artist.	rauschenberg's comment concerning the gap between art and life can be seen as a statement which provides the departure point for an understanding of his contributions as an artist.
octave business school is an educational institution imparting management education to graduates in and around areas in nagpur, india.	octave business school is an educational institution specialising in management education to graduates in and around areas in nagpur, india.
she is tenderly celebrated in bruges every year.	she is celebrated in bruges every year.
he has apologozed profusely for his remarks and has reportedly gone back to attending alcoholics anonymous meetings.	he has apologozed for his remarks and has reportedly gone back to attending alcoholics anonymous meetings.
however, in stark contrast to this claim, ali ibn abu talib, the 1st imam of the ahl al-bayt is infact mentioned in this list also, hence negating this opinion.	however, in contrast to this claim, ali ibn abu talib, the 1st imam of the ahl al-bayt is infact mentioned in this list also, hence negating this opinion.
the grand duchy of luxembourg is a tiny landlocked state in the north-west of the continental european union, bordered by france, germany and belgium.	the grand duchy of luxembourg is a small landlocked state in the north-west of the continental european union, bordered by france, germany and belgium.
there are indications that a tribal king, posthumously now known as emperor shujin, raised military host against queen himiko or her successor (reportedly another shamaness , her niece or other relative), ultimately conquering their position and establishing male rule with headquarters in central japan.	there are indications that a tribal king, posthumously now known as emperor shujin, raised military host against queen himiko or her successor (reportedly another shaman , her niece or other relative), ultimately conquering their position and establishing male rule with headquarters in central japan.
the efforts taken by governing bodies, security systems and email service providers seem to be helping to reduce the onslaught of email spam.	the efforts taken by governing bodies, security systems and email service providers seem to be helping to reduce the volume of email spam.
88888 lights out is a repeat of other successful campaigns conducted in sydney, france & san francisco.	88888 lights out is a repeat of other campaigns conducted in sydney, france & san francisco.
ireland supported the campaign known as operation allied force to stop the genocide in kosovo and the invasion of afghanistan in response to the september 11, 2001 attacks known as operation enduring freedom.	ireland supported the campaign known as operation allied force to stop the war in kosovo and the invasion of afghanistan in response to the september 11, 2001 attacks known as operation enduring freedom.
the album is scheduled for physical cd and ltd. edition colored vinyl release in march 2009.	the album is scheduled for physical cd and limited edition colored vinyl release in march 2009.
lopez-sanchez is an illegal alien from mexico who had previously been deported on five different occasions.	lopez-sanchez is an illegal immigrant from mexico who had previously been deported on five different occasions.
improved zooming and scrolling.	redesigned zooming and scrolling.
csudh is the home of the state-of-the-art home depot center, a 27,000 seat multiple-sports complex.	csudh is the home of the home depot center, a 27,000 seat multiple-sports complex.
brodie was awarded the coveted alfred a. knopf fellowship in biography in 1943 for her work in progress on joseph smith, jr., founder of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.	brodie was awarded the alfred a. knopf fellowship in biography in 1943 for her work in progress on joseph smith, jr., founder of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.
he wrote speeches and statements for the shadowy guerrilla leader and led an international propaganda campaign for the rebels.	he wrote speeches and statements for the shadowy guerrilla leader and led an international information campaign for the rebels.
the reforms were promulgated under chiang's successor, lee teng-hui, which culminated in the first ever direct presidential election in 1996. in 2000, chen shui-bian was elected the president, becoming the first non-kmt president on taiwan.	the reforms were promulgated under chiang's successor, lee teng-hui, which culminated in the first ever direct presidential election in 1996. in 2000, chen shui-bian was elected president, becoming the first non-kmt president on taiwan.
johnny marr (born john martin maher on halloween 1963 in ardwick, manchester) is a british guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player and singer, best known as the man behind the music of the smiths.	johnny marr (born john martin maher on october 31 , 1963 in ardwick, manchester) is a british guitarist, keyboardist, harmonica player and singer, best known as the man behind the music of the smiths.
unfortunately the child does not survive, due to differences in human and vulcan physiology.	the child does not survive, due to differences in human and vulcan physiology.
he scored his second goal for galatasaray in the first league match of the season against denizlispor, with galatasaray going on to win 4-1. he has scored 5 brilliant goals in 8 competitive matches for galatasaray, 3 of which were in the turkish league, showing that despite his long bout with injury, his natural ability and skill still remain.	he scored his second goal for galatasaray in the first league match of the season against denizlispor, with galatasaray going on to win 4-1. he has scored 5 goals in 8 competitive matches for galatasaray, 3 of which were in the turkish league, showing that despite his long bout with injury, his natural ability and skill still remain.
they will play their first four games without star quarterback tom brady, who was suspended for four games as punishment for his alleged involvement with deflategate.	they will play their first four games without starting quarterback tom brady, who was suspended for four games as punishment for his alleged involvement with deflategate.
in a may 2007 trip to japan, lee announced his intention to visit the much-maligned yasukuni shrine to pay tribute to his older brother.	in a may 2007 trip to japan, lee announced his intention to visit the yasukuni shrine to pay tribute to his older brother.
the city is also a national center of law because of the prestigious university of pennsylvania law school, temple university beasley school of law, villanova university school of law, widener university school of law, and earle mack school of law.	the city is also a national center of law because of the university of pennsylvania law school, temple university beasley school of law, villanova university school of law, widener university school of law, and earle mack school of law.
as instructions vary from one to six bytes, fetch and execution are made concurrent and decoupled into separate units (as it remains in today's x86 processors): the bus interface unit feeds the instruction stream to the execution unit through a 6-byte prefetch queue (a form of loosely coupled pipelining), speeding up operations on registers and immediates, while memory operations unfortunately became slower (four years later, this performance problem was fixed with the 80186 and 80286).	as instructions vary from one to six bytes, fetch and execution are made concurrent and decoupled into separate units (as it remains in today's x86 processors): the bus interface unit feeds the instruction stream to the execution unit through a 6-byte prefetch queue (a form of loosely coupled pipelining), speeding up operations on registers and immediates, while memory operations became slower (four years later, this performance problem was fixed with the 80186 and 80286).
ronald pederson is a captivating canadian stage and screen actor who has performed extensively throughout canada and in the united states.	ronald pederson is a canadian stage and screen actor who has performed extensively throughout canada and in the united states.
this simplistic view has been recently questioned by huesemann and huesemann who demonstrate that negative unintended consequences of technology are inherently unpredictable and unavoidable, that most current techno-optimism reflected in industrial ecology is unjustified, and that modern technology, in the presence of continued economic growth, does not promote sustainability, but hastens collapse.	this simplistic view has been recently questioned by huesemann and huesemann who claim that negative unintended consequences of technology are inherently unpredictable and unavoidable, that most current techno-optimism reflected in industrial ecology is unjustified, and that modern technology, in the presence of continued economic growth, does not promote sustainability, but hastens collapse.
the chicago tribune is a major daily newspaper based in chicago, illinois, united states, owned by tronc, inc., formerly tribune publishing.	the chicago tribune is a daily newspaper based in chicago, illinois, united states, owned by tronc, inc., formerly tribune publishing.
she gained attention after participating in the eleventh season of controversial reality show bigg boss.	she gained attention after participating in the eleventh season of the reality show bigg boss.
during south africa's transition to democracy, she adopted a far less conciliatory and compromising attitude than her husband toward the dominant white community.	during south africa's transition to democracy, she adopted a far less conciliatory and compromising attitude than her husband toward the white community.
hamas describes its conflict with israel as neither religious	hamas has in the past described its conflict with israel as neither religious
in the mid-1980s, the awb instituted a voedingskema (feeding scheme ), later called the volkshulpskema (people's help scheme), to help the very poorest afrikaner families.	in the mid-1980s, the awb instituted a voedingskema (feeding program ), later called the volkshulpskema (people's help scheme), to help the very poorest afrikaner families.
edwards also played ten times for the british and irish lions, playing for the legendary 1971 lions team that was the only such team to win a series in new zealand, and for the unbeaten 1974 side in south africa.	edwards also played ten times for the british and irish lions, playing for the 1971 lions team that was the only such team to win a series in new zealand, and for the unbeaten 1974 side in south africa.
the victorian community history awards are held annually to recognise the contributions made by victorians in the preservation of the states fascinating history, and to recognise excellence in historical research.	the victorian community history awards are held annually to recognise the contributions made by victorians in the preservation of the states history, and to recognise excellence in historical research.
amazingly joe johnson made it to the final again, but so did steve davis, making it a repeat of the 1986 final.	joe johnson made it to the final again, but so did steve davis, making it a repeat of the 1986 final.
it is often best to lay out in clear language what the problem is and to ask the partner with asperger's to describe what emotions are being felt or ask why a certain emotion was being felt.	it is often effective to lay out in clear language what the problem is and to ask the partner with asperger's to describe what emotions are being felt or ask why a certain emotion was being felt.
this figure vastly exceeds the power generated by human activities.	this figure greatly exceeds the power generated by human activities.
although paper cutting is popular around the globe, only the chinese paper cut was listed in the unesco intangible cultural heritage lists, which was in 2009. the superior chinese paper-cutting was recognized and listed because it has a history of more than 1500 years and it represents cultural values of the people throughout china.	although paper cutting is popular around the globe, only the chinese paper cut was listed in the unesco intangible cultural heritage lists, which was in 2009. the chinese paper-cutting was recognized and listed because it has a history of more than 1500 years and it represents cultural values of the people throughout china.
new age is a term which includes diverse individuals, many who graft additional beliefs onto a traditional religious affiliation.	new age is a term which includes diverse individuals, including some who graft additional beliefs onto a traditional religious affiliation.
"in 2006, vandals spray painted ""flq"" on the side of the midas muffler shop in moncton, new brunswick, indicating sympathetic tendencies of some in the community to the terrorist group."	"in 2006, vandals spray painted ""flq"" on the side of the midas muffler shop in moncton, new brunswick, indicating sympathetic tendencies of some in the community to the group."
"wayne proved to be controversial with such homophobic comments as: ""if they (same-sex couples) are going to live together, they can go live together and shut up about it."	"wayne proved to be controversial with such comments as: ""if they (same-sex couples) are going to live together, they can go live together and shut up about it."
all were aware that, if caught, they could face execution for sheltering jews.	all were aware that, if caught, they could face the death penalty for sheltering jews.
john created and puppeteered the roles of princeton (the recent college grad) and rod (the closeted republican-investment banker) in the broadway musical avenue q, for which he was nominated for the tony award for best leading actor in a musical in 2004. he unfortunately lost that award to hugh jackman (for his performance in the boy from oz), but avenue q won three tony's that night, including best musical.	john created and puppeteered the roles of princeton (the recent college grad) and rod (the closeted republican-investment banker) in the broadway musical avenue q, for which he was nominated for the tony award for best leading actor in a musical in 2004. he lost that award to hugh jackman (for his performance in the boy from oz), but avenue q won three tony's that night, including best musical.
oxfam infamously refused to accept a donation of 5,000, accrued in royalties from sales of the book.	oxfam refused to accept a donation of 5,000, accrued in royalties from sales of the book.
his efforts to redesign the bradley were not fully implemented; bradleys still store their fuel dangerously in the vehicle center, whereas m113a3s have their fuel stored on the left and right rear to prevent fires/explosions inside the troop compartment.	his efforts to redesign the bradley were not fully implemented; bradleys still store their fuel in the vehicle center, whereas m113a3s have their fuel stored on the left and right rear to prevent fires/explosions inside the troop compartment.
bedri pejani, a moderate political leader who supported an expanded albanian state that included all albanian people, wrote to reichsfuehrer ss heinrich himmler to request his assistance in establishing a greater albania.	bedri pejani, a political leader who supported an expanded albanian state that included all albanian people, wrote to reichsfuehrer ss heinrich himmler to request his assistance in establishing a greater albania.
"they can be used as efficient controls on global pollution and can also be considered as corrective measures against ""environmental races to the bottom"" and ""eco-dumping""."	"they can be used as controls on global pollution and can also be considered as corrective measures against ""environmental races to the bottom"" and ""eco-dumping""."
images of the famous ramnagar ramlila	images of the ramnagar ramlila
in the documentary, a wto representative is interviewed and says point-blank that such protesters are so ignorant of economics that they should not be protesting in the first place (the documentary includes a scene of said representative getting hit in the face with a pie by a protester).	in the documentary, a wto representative is interviewed and says that such protesters are so ignorant of economics that they should not be protesting in the first place (the documentary includes a scene of said representative getting hit in the face with a pie by a protester).
the chinese are also competing with the united states to gain influence throughout the south pacific, however, their recent aggression in this region has created an appeal for nations in this region to align with the united states thus increasing u.s. soft power in this area.	the chinese are also competing with the united states to gain influence throughout the south pacific, however, their recent assertiveness in this region has created an appeal for nations in this region to align with the united states thus increasing u.s. soft power in this area.
this evidence shows the age of the universe is billion years, the formation of the earth was 4.5 billion years ago, and life first appeared on earth at least 2.5 billion years ago.	this evidence is used to the conclusions that the age of the universe is billion years, the formation of the earth was 4.5 billion years ago, and life first appeared on earth at least 2.5 billion years ago.
zheng he's tomb in nanjing has been repaired and a magnificent small museum has been built next to it.	zheng he's tomb in nanjing has been repaired and a small museum has been built next to it.
these latter attacks killed about 12 ira and 15 sinn fin members between 1987 and 1995. in addition, the loyalists murdered family members of known republicans.	these latter attacks killed about 12 ira and 15 sinn fin members between 1987 and 1995. in addition, the loyalists killed family members of known republicans.
"describing walker's football ability, legendary coach john heisman said, ""he was undoubtedly one of the twenty-five best men that dixieland ever saw""."	"describing walker's football ability, celebrated coach john heisman said, ""he was undoubtedly one of the twenty-five best men that dixieland ever saw""."
in february 2005 the israeli government voted to implement prime minister ariel sharon's plan for unilateral disengagement from the gaza strip beginning on august 15, 2005. the plan required the dismantling of all israeli settlements there, and the expulsion of all israeli settlers and military bases from the strip, a process that was completed on september 12, 2005 as the israeli cabinet formally declared an end to military rule in the gaza strip after 38 years of control.	in february 2005 the israeli government voted to implement prime minister ariel sharon's plan for unilateral disengagement from the gaza strip beginning on august 15, 2005. the plan required the dismantling of all israeli settlements there, and the removal of all israeli settlers and military bases from the strip, a process that was completed on september 12, 2005 as the israeli cabinet formally declared an end to military rule in the gaza strip after 38 years of control.
the white truffle or alba truffle (tuber magnatum) hails from the langhe area of the piedmont region in northern italy and, most famously, from the city of alba.	the white truffle or alba truffle (tuber magnatum) comes from the langhe area of the piedmont region in northern italy and, most famously, from the city of alba.
a bilingual sign in nuuk, showing the stark contrast between danish (which is related to english) and kalaallisut (which is not).	a bilingual sign in nuuk, showing the contrast between danish (which is related to english) and kalaallisut (which is not).
commodore os (full name: commodore os vision) is a free-to-download gnu/ linux distribution developed by commodore usa and intended for its pcs.	commodore os (full name: commodore os vision) is a free-to-download linux distribution developed by commodore usa and intended for its pcs.
"after experiencing a really horrifying ""bad trip"", he abandoned drug use and also became bitter towards philosophy and theology in general."	"after experiencing a horrifying ""bad trip"", he abandoned drug use and also became bitter towards philosophy and theology in general."
the angolan government relies on it because it is a widely spoken, unifying element, as well as being a fairly widely spoken international language.	the angolan government relies on it because it is a widely spoken, unifying element, as well as being a widely spoken international language.
in 1955, hawthorn was the winner of the 24 hours of le mans race, despite being involved in the horrible crash that killed 80 spectators.	in 1955, hawthorn was the winner of the 24 hours of le mans race, despite being involved in the crash that killed 80 spectators.
"her campaign ad about republican rival tom campbell featuring a ""demon sheep"" created international, mostly negative, publicity."	"her campaign ad about republican rival tom campbell featuring a ""demon sheep"" created international, and negative, publicity."
nikita sergeyevich mikhalkov (russian: e ; born october 21, 1945, in moscow) is a famous russian filmmaker and actor.	nikita sergeyevich mikhalkov (russian: e ; born october 21, 1945, in moscow) is a russian filmmaker and actor.
avraam dichter received high credit for shabak part in thwarting hundreds of suicide bombings and illegally killing terror leaders.	avraam dichter received high credit for shabak part in thwarting hundreds of suicide bombings and killing terror leaders.
various pro-gun organizations have expressed opposition to some or all of the gca's provisions.	various second amendment organizations have expressed opposition to some or all of the gca's provisions.
to this day, she is one of the 20th century's most overrated movie stars, sex symbols and pop icons.	to this day, she is one of the 20th century's most famous movie stars, sex symbols and pop icons.
lewis claims that it was a mistake to have made the pledge.	lewis says that it was a mistake to have made the pledge.
activist and filmmaker michael moore released fahrenheit 9/11 in 2004, making a plethora of false accusations against bush, most notably using public sentiments following 9/11 for political purposes, financial connections between the bush family and the prominent saudi arabian families such as the royal family and the bin laden family, and lying about the cause for war in iraq.	activist and filmmaker michael moore released fahrenheit 9/11 in 2004, making a plethora of accusations against bush, most notably using public sentiments following 9/11 for political purposes, financial connections between the bush family and the prominent saudi arabian families such as the royal family and the bin laden family, and lying about the cause for war in iraq.
his rational warnings were largely ignored.	his warnings were largely ignored.
in the months following, roosevelt boldly proposed to reorganize the federal judiciary by adding a new justice each time a justice reached age seventy and failed to retire.	in the months following, roosevelt proposed to reorganize the federal judiciary by adding a new justice each time a justice reached age seventy and failed to retire.
the real mccoy was a bbc television comedy show which ran from 1991 to 1996, featuring an array of talented black and asian comedy stars performing material aimed at an across-the-board black audience.	the real mccoy was a bbc television comedy show which ran from 1991 to 1996, featuring an array of black and asian comedy stars performing material aimed at an across-the-board black audience.
slank - legendary rock band	slank - rock band
"illegal union firing increased during the reagan administration, which would later be known as ""one of the most successful antiunion wars ever""."	"union firing increased during the reagan administration, which would later be known as ""one of the most successful antiunion wars ever""."
it was also the home of james h. lane, a senator infamous in missouri for his rabid anti-slavery views and also a leader of the jayhawkers.	it was also the home of james h. lane, a senator infamous in missouri for his staunch anti-slavery views and also a leader of the jayhawkers.
ufology is a neologism coined to describe the collective efforts of enthusiasts who study ufo reports and associated evidence.	ufology is a neologism coined to describe the collective efforts of those who study ufo reports and associated evidence.
following the martyrdom of william tyndale in 1536, there existed a complete translation of the new testament from greek into english for the first time -- and at that in several editions.	following the death of william tyndale in 1536, there existed a complete translation of the new testament from greek into english for the first time -- and at that in several editions.
simpson criminal trial, the american involvement in mogadishu and the events at the branch davidian compound in waco, texas.	simpson criminal trial, the american involvement in mogadishu and the events at the branch davidian church in waco, texas.
after appearing on the stage and in television and film for many years in ireland and britain , rea came to international attention when he was nominated for the academy award for best actor for the movie the crying game.	after appearing on the stage and in television and film for many years in ireland and the uk , rea came to international attention when he was nominated for the academy award for best actor for the movie the crying game.
now known as the paoli local or the septa r5 regional rail train, the venerable rail line has station stops in lower merion at:	now known as the paoli local or the septa r5 regional rail train, the rail line has station stops in lower merion at:
hans place, london, england, is a prime residential garden square situated immediately south of harrods in knightsbridge.	hans place, london, england, is a residential garden square situated immediately south of harrods in knightsbridge.
erika is an international speaker and has been featured in leading business publications including the harvard business review, the wall street journal, the new york times, fortune, and investor's business daily.	erika is an international speaker and has been featured in business publications including the harvard business review, the wall street journal, the new york times, fortune, and investor's business daily.
"at various times in history it has been part of the kingdom of poland, bohemia, hungary, the austrian empire, prussia and germany as ""breslau""; it became part of poland again in 1945, as a result of the border changes after world war ii."	"at various times in history it has been part of the kingdom of poland, bohemia, hungary, the austrian empire, prussia and germany as ""breslau""; it became part of poland in 1945, as a result of the border changes after world war ii."
the bible records that david was succeeded by his son solomon, who built	the bible states that david was succeeded by his son solomon, who built
the final peace treaty of frankfurt was signed 10 may 1871, during the time of the bloody paris commune of 1871.	the final peace treaty of frankfurt was signed 10 may 1871, during the time of the paris commune of 1871.
best known for playing the title role in the popular 1970s crime drama kojak, savalas was nominated for an academy award for best supporting actor for his performance in birdman of alcatraz (1962).	best known for playing the title role in the 1970s crime drama kojak, savalas was nominated for an academy award for best supporting actor for his performance in birdman of alcatraz (1962).
however, according to a much contested official investigation undertaken after the fall of the junta, no students of the athens polytechnic were killed during the incident.	however, according to a contested official investigation undertaken after the fall of the junta, no students of the athens polytechnic were killed during the incident.
amare carsares stoudemire (born november 16 1982 in lake wales, florida) is an american all-star professional basketball player for the nba's phoenix suns and the usa national team.	amare carsares stoudemire (born november 16 1982 in lake wales, florida) is an american professional basketball player for the nba's phoenix suns and the usa national team.
marijuana motherfucker, a david peel composition that has also been recorded by canadian punk legends d.o.a..	marijuana motherfucker, a david peel composition that has also been recorded by canadian punk group d.o.a..
the suburb is bounded on the north by canterbury road and the suburb of bankstown and on the south by revesby heights and picnic point, on the beautiful georges river.	the suburb is bounded on the north by canterbury road and the suburb of bankstown and on the south by revesby heights and picnic point, on the georges river.
"reactionary gender -issues writer cathy young, by contrast, dismisses reference to ""patriarchy"" as a semantic device intended to shield the speaker from accountability when making misandrist slurs, since ""patriarchy"" means all of western society."	"gender -issues writer cathy young, by contrast, dismisses reference to ""patriarchy"" as a semantic device intended to shield the speaker from accountability when making misandrist slurs, since ""patriarchy"" means all of western society."
storylines of the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	storylines of the bbc soap opera eastenders.
canillo has a gondola link to the mega- ski resort of grandvalira.	canillo has a gondola link to the main ski resort of grandvalira.
ss united group oil & gas company limited (sug) claimed to be an oil trading company supplying petroleum products and advanced energy technology in china, russia, japan, thailand and malaysia.	ss united group oil & gas company limited (sug) is a company, claiming to be an oil trading company supplying petroleum products and advanced energy technology in china, russia, japan, thailand and malaysia.
he interprets old jazz standards, practices scat singing, and is active in jazz education.	he works to interpret old jazz standards, practices scat singing, and is active in jazz education.
camp o'ryan, with its rifle range, has possibly contaminated well and storm runoff water with toxic lead.	camp o'ryan, with its rifle range, has possibly contaminated well and storm runoff water with lead.
in italy pacs was to take a lesser form described in the dico proposal, that was however feared by many notables inside and outside the church for undermining the value of family.	in italy pacs was to take a lesser form described in the dico proposal, that was however feared by many voices inside and outside the church for undermining the value of family.
after threat of legal action, harassment of advertisers, and a denial of service attack, linux business news' publisher sys-con issued a public apology and dropped ms. o'gara and her linuxgram column.	after threat of legal action, harassment of advertisers, and a denial of service attack, linux business news' publisher sys-con issued a public apology and dropped o'gara and her linuxgram column.
copyfraud is a phenomenon and term championed by jason mazzone (associate professor of law at brooklyn law school), where individuals and institutions will illegally claim copyright ownership of the public domain and other breaches of copyright law with little or no oversight by authorities or legal consequence for their actions.	copyfraud is a phenomenon and term coined by jason mazzone (associate professor of law at brooklyn law school), where individuals and institutions will illegally claim copyright ownership of the public domain and other breaches of copyright law with little or no oversight by authorities or legal consequence for their actions.
"the act of settlement provided that the holy throne would pass to the electress sophia of hanover  a granddaughter of james vi of scotland and i of england, niece of charles i of scotland and england  and her protestant descendants who had not married a roman catholic; those who were roman catholic, and those who married a roman catholic, were barred from ascending the throne ""for ever""."	"the act of settlement provided that the throne would pass to the electress sophia of hanover  a granddaughter of james vi of scotland and i of england, niece of charles i of scotland and england  and her protestant descendants who had not married a roman catholic; those who were roman catholic, and those who married a roman catholic, were barred from ascending the throne ""for ever""."
at the world cup he sustained a groin injury against belgium shortly after having a magnificent volleyed goal wrongly disallowed for offside.	at the world cup he sustained a groin injury against belgium shortly after having a volleyed goal wrongly disallowed for offside.
the pseudepigraphical book of jubilees specifies that the ark came to rest on the peak of lubar, a mountain of ararat.	the book of jubilees specifies that the ark came to rest on the peak of lubar, a mountain of ararat.
big government (sometimes capitalized as big government) is a term generally used by political conservatives, laissez-faire advocates or libertarians to describe a government which is excessively large, corrupt and inefficient, or which is inappropriately involved in certain areas of public policy.	big government (sometimes capitalized as big government) is a term generally used by political conservatives, laissez-faire advocates or libertarians to describe a government which they consider to be excessively large, corrupt and inefficient, or which is inappropriately involved in certain areas of public policy.
in this landmark free speech case, michelangelo delfino and mary e. day filed an appeal from a defamation judgment for postings they made on their website and on various internet message boards criticizing their former employer, varian medical systems inc., and two of its senior executives, george a. zdasiuk and susan b. felch for heinous misdeeds.	in this landmark free speech case, michelangelo delfino and mary e. day filed an appeal from a defamation judgment for postings they made on their website and on various internet message boards criticizing their former employer, varian medical systems inc., and two of its senior executives, george a. zdasiuk and susan b. felch for alleged misdeeds.
he was happily married with three children and despite living in solihull was a common sight in recent years at the carlton club in london.	he was married with three children and despite living in solihull was a common sight in recent years at the carlton club in london.
"in 1995 a khmer rouge kangaroo court indicted, tried and sentenced kiernan in-absentia for ""prosecuting and terrorizing the cambodian resistance patriots""."	"in 1995 a khmer rouge court indicted, tried and sentenced kiernan in-absentia for ""prosecuting and terrorizing the cambodian resistance patriots""."
the lycians were never members of a specific country, but rather a tightly-knit confederation of fiercely independent city-states, which included telmessos.	the lycians were never members of a specific country, but rather a tightly-knit confederation of independent city-states, which included telmessos.
besser married actress- comedienne danielle schneider in 2008. their first child, a daughter sidney diane besser, was born on july 29, 2013.	besser married actress- comedian danielle schneider in 2008. their first child, a daughter sidney diane besser, was born on july 29, 2013.
general paul aussaresses admitted in 2000 the use of torture during the war and justified it.	general paul aussaresses admitted in 2000 the use of torture during the war and sought to justify it.
toorak is a suburb of melbourne, victoria, australia, 5 km south-east from melbourne's central business district.	toorak is an affluent suburb of melbourne, victoria, australia, 5 km south-east from melbourne's central business district.
the 20082009 israelgaza conflict, part of the ongoing israelipalestinian conflict, intensified on 27 december 2008 (11:30 a.m. local time; 9:30 a.m. utc) when israel launched a military campaign codenamed operation cast lead , with the stated intent of targeting the members and infrastructure of hamas.	the 20082009 israelgaza conflict, part of the ongoing israelipalestinian conflict, started on 27 december 2008 (11:30 a.m. local time; 9:30 a.m. utc) when israel launched a military campaign codenamed operation cast lead , with the stated intent of targeting the members and infrastructure of hamas.
the movement opposes what it considers the islamisation of the western world and demands more restrictive immigration rules, particularly for muslims who refuse to integrate (see item 16 of its position paper).	the movement opposes what it considers the islamisation of the western world and demands more restrictive immigration rules, particularly for muslims who it views as refusing to integrate (see item 16 of its position paper).
hercules is set to appear within the next marvel summer event entitled world war hulk, where he will fight for the hulk in order to repay him due to a previous misinterpeted fight during herculus' time with the champions.	hercules is set to appear within the next marvel summer event entitled world war hulk, where he will fight for the hulk in order to repay him due to a previous fight during herculus' time with the champions.
the song was released as the first single in the summer of 1991 and was a top twenty hit in the united kingdom, reaching number sixteen which ended minogue's unprecedented run of consecutive top 10 hits.	the song was released as the first single in the summer of 1991 and was a top twenty hit in the united kingdom, reaching number sixteen which ended minogue's run of consecutive top 10 hits.
on unix-like operating systems (including aix, bsd, gnu/ linux and mac os x), tilde normally indicates the current user's home directory.	on unix-like operating systems (including aix, bsd, linux and mac os x), tilde normally indicates the current user's home directory.
kalhana was an educated and sophisticated brahmin , well-connected in the highest political circles.	kalhana was an educated and sophisticated sanskrit scholar , well-connected in the highest political circles.
ahmadi muslims believe that jesus survived the crucifixion and later travelled to india, where he lived as a prophet (and died) under the name of yuz asaf.	ahmadi s believe that jesus survived the crucifixion and later travelled to india, where he lived as a prophet (and died) under the name of yuz asaf.
destiny church is a cult with headquarters in auckland, new zealand.	destiny church is a charismatic christian church with headquarters in auckland, new zealand.
seamus justin heaney (ipa: //) (born 13 april 1939) is an irish poet, writer and lecturer from county derry , northern ireland.	seamus justin heaney (ipa: //) (born 13 april 1939) is an irish poet, writer and lecturer from county londonderry , northern ireland.
he has had several significant roles including his role as tim cherry in the biographical television drama keep your head up kid: the don cherry story and as billy campbell in the horror film, the haunting in connecticut as billy campbell.	he has had several roles including his role as tim cherry in the biographical television drama keep your head up kid: the don cherry story and as billy campbell in the horror film, the haunting in connecticut as billy campbell.
it is a popular venue for weddings due to its architecture and breathtaking views of keuka lake and the surrounding area.	it is a popular venue for weddings due to its architecture and scenic views of keuka lake and the surrounding area.
dungiven (irish: dun geimhn; meaning given's fort) is a large village in county derry , northern ireland, on the main belfast to derry road.	dungiven (irish: dun geimhn; meaning given's fort) is a large village in county londonderry , northern ireland, on the main belfast to derry road.
she is a member of the popular girl group, 4minute, formed by cube entertainment in 2009.	she is a member of the girl group, 4minute, formed by cube entertainment in 2009.
however, with the creation of the great smoky mountains national park in the early 1930s, the destiny of sevier county (within which lies thirty percent of the total area of the national park) changed drastically.	however, with the creation of the great smoky mountains national park in the early 1930s, the future of sevier county (within which lies thirty percent of the total area of the national park) changed drastically.
the palestinian exodus of between 420,000 and 910,000 during the 1948 arab-israeli war, was immediately followed by the jewish exodus from arab lands numbering betweem 758,000 and 866,000, although such jews had also been arriving prior.	the palestinian exodus of between 420,000 and 910,000 during the 1948 arab-israeli war, was subsequently followed by the jewish exodus from arab lands numbering betweem 758,000 and 866,000, although such jews had also been arriving prior.
( refutes the belief that one can be saved in invincible ignorance)	( argues against the belief that one can be saved in invincible ignorance)
after sterns murder by the british, eldad became one of a triumvirate of lehi commanders, serving with natan yellin-mor and future prime minister yitzhak shamir.	after sterns killing by the british, eldad became one of a triumvirate of lehi commanders, serving with natan yellin-mor and future prime minister yitzhak shamir.
in april 2002, during israel's controversial military operation codenamed defensive shield, kaufman gave a speech to the house of commons, saying in part:	in april 2002, during israel's military operation codenamed defensive shield, kaufman gave a speech to the house of commons, saying in part:
planetout inc., a public company, is the leading global media and entertainment company exclusively serving a segment of the lgbt demographic.	planetout inc., a public company, is the leading global media and entertainment company exclusively targeting a segment of the lgbt demographic.
as of april 2015 she has been allocated to the upgraded search and rescue operation off the italian coast concerned with migrants crossing from libya.	as of april 2015 she has been allocated to the upgraded search and rescue operation off the italian coast concerned with refugees crossing from libya.
unrepaired infrastructure and a risk of being killed either by u.s. forces or insurgents had made life difficult to average iraqis.	unrepaired infrastructure and a risk of being killed either by u.s. occupiers or insurgents had made life difficult to average iraqis.
the seat of the liberal church is in bremen.	the seat of the church is in bremen.
the book revealed ibm also tried to block, hinder, and confuse investigation on the company's role in wwii.	the book says that ibm also tried to block, hinder, and confuse investigation on the company's role in wwii.
for example the popular d-mod stone of balance contains both sexual innuendos and nudity.	for example the d-mod stone of balance contains both sexual innuendos and nudity.
carrillo denied any knowledge of the massacres in his memoirs but some right-wing historians like csar vidal or po moa still maintain that carrillo was involved.	carrillo denied any knowledge of the massacres in his memoirs but some historians like csar vidal or po moa still maintain that carrillo was involved.
incompetent to stand trial, legal slang	incompetent to stand trial, legal terminology
at 15, she was discovered on kauai by a renowned model agent cindy kauanui of jet set models and subsequently appeared on the covers of flare and allure magazines, and modeled for clients such as tommy hilfiger, balenciaga, esprit, and victoria's secret.	at 15, she was discovered on kauai by a model agent cindy kauanui of jet set models and subsequently appeared on the covers of flare and allure magazines, and modeled for clients such as tommy hilfiger, balenciaga, esprit, and victoria's secret.
k. s. angamuthu, a very popular comedienne of that time helped her to join the krishna drama company at the age of 9. she had tutelage of carnatic music from kailasa bhagavathar and kunnakkudi venkatrama iyer.	k. s. angamuthu, a very popular comedian of that time helped her to join the krishna drama company at the age of 9. she had tutelage of carnatic music from kailasa bhagavathar and kunnakkudi venkatrama iyer.
one of the first signs of her interest and great skill in the performing arts was her budding talent in music.	one of the first signs of her interest and skill in the performing arts was her budding talent in music.
the french wiki about povray sill growing...	the french wiki about povray still growing...
medusa: dare to be truthful is an american 1991 mockumentary film starring comedienne julie brown as the title character, with kathy griffin and donal logue in supporting roles.	medusa: dare to be truthful is an american 1991 mockumentary film starring comedian julie brown as the title character, with kathy griffin and donal logue in supporting roles.
true grit has received incredibly positive reviews.	true grit has received positive reviews.
sodium bicarbonate can be added as a simple solution for raising the ph balance of water that has a high level of chlorine, such as in swimming pools and aquariums.	sodium bicarbonate can be added as a simple solution for raising the ph balance of water that has a high level of chlorine, suuuch as in swimming pools and aquariums.
his father was a lapsed irish catholic, and maher claims that he didn't know his mother was jewish until his teenage years.	his father was a lapsed irish catholic, and maher reports that he didn't know his mother was jewish until his teenage years.
stephen edward robinson (born 1947) is a religious scholar and apologist , who is a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church).	stephen edward robinson (born 1947) is a religious scholar and author , who is a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church).
"the good fairy (1935) was a comedy that sullavan, although not a natural comedienne , had insisted on doing to demonstrate her ""wide-ranging versatility""."	"the good fairy (1935) was a comedy that sullavan, although not a natural comedian , had insisted on doing to demonstrate her ""wide-ranging versatility""."
a brilliant work of historical imagination, abe immerses the reader in the isolating poverty and difficult circumstances that shaped abraham lincoln's character.	a work of historical imagination, abe immerses the reader in the isolating poverty and difficult circumstances that shaped abraham lincoln's character.
"madonna louise ciccone (b. august 16 1958), principally known by her first name, is an american pop singer, composer, actress, dancer, author, activist, and fashion icon, commonly referred to as the ""queen of pop"" , ."	"madonna louise ciccone (b. august 16 1958), principally known by her first name, is an american pop singer, composer, actress, dancer, author, activist, and fashion icon, and is one of a number of singers referred to as the ""queen of pop"" , ."
"benefits of ""3 strikes"" in california"	"effects of ""3 strikes"" in california"
over the years, covenant university has grown to be one of the leading private universities from nigeria based on annual rankings from various organizations, scholarly citations from reputable journals and jamb statistics.	over the years, covenant university has grown to be one of the leading universities from nigeria based on annual rankings from various organizations, scholarly citations from reputable journals and jamb statistics.
bittern is used in the culturing and flourishing of the peculiar haloquadratum bacteria.	bittern is used in the culturing and flourishing of the haloquadratum bacteria.
skunks are mammals known for their ability to spray a liquid with a strong odor .	skunks are mammals known for their ability to spray a liquid with a strong unpleasant smell .
according to the kurkiyala inscription of pampa's younger brother jinavallabha, their father bhimappayya and grandfather abhimanachandra belonged to the kamma brahamin caste and hailed from vangiparru in kammanadu.	according to the kurkiyala inscription of pampa's younger brother jinavallabha, their father bhimappayya and grandfather abhimanachandra belonged to the brahamin caste and hailed from vangiparru in kammanadu.
for his starring role as bill pardy , he garnered a 2006 fangoria chainsaw awards nomination in the category of dude you don't wanna mess with .	for his starring role as bill pardy, he garnered a 2006 chainsaw awards nomination in the category of dude you don't wanna mess with .
it should be noted that this ad hoc hypothesis alteration is an example of the texas sharpshooter fallacy.	it should be noted that this ad hoc hypothesis alteration might be considered an example of the texas sharpshooter fallacy.
recent models are available with genuine wood trim in place of the tacky fake plastic wood used in the past.	recent models are available with genuine wood trim in place of the fake plastic wood used in the past.
he later wrote an account of his conversion his very transformation, as st. paul described in his confessions , which has since become a must-read classic of christian theology.	he later wrote an account of his conversion his very transformation, as paul described in his confessions , which has since become a must-read classic of christian theology.
the ncca preserves the richness of their catholic heritage, while reflecting the cultural diversity of western civilization.	the ncca attempts to preserve the richness of their catholic heritage, while reflecting the cultural diversity of western civilization.
akkari initially denied the remarks, then explained he was only joking.	akkari initially denied the remarks, then argued he was only joking.
in addition to his own music, he has written and produced for a great number of artists.	in addition to his own music, he has written and produced for a large number of artists.
noam chomsky - regular guest; mit linguistics professor and leftist political activist.	noam chomsky - regular guest; mit linguistics professor and political activist.
"apologist maurice bucaille states that these verses are ""hardly comprehensible""."	"maurice bucaille states that these verses are ""hardly comprehensible""."
in october 2014, it was confirmed that streep had agreed to star in a biopic of the famous opera singer florence foster jenkins for director stephen frears, which is currently titled florence foster jenkins.	in october 2014, it was confirmed that streep had agreed to star in a biopic of the opera singer florence foster jenkins for director stephen frears, which is currently titled florence foster jenkins.
moazzam begg (born 1968) is one of nine british islamist s who were held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detainment camp, in cuba, by the government of the united states of america.	moazzam begg (born 1968) is one of nine british muslims s who were held in extrajudicial detention in the guantanamo bay detainment camp, in cuba, by the government of the united states of america.
scruton asserts that his relationship with jti was never concealed, and the new proposal was never acted upon, but his critics respond that his previous articles failed to mention any links to the tobacco industry.	scruton argues that his relationship with jti was never concealed, and the new proposal was never acted upon, but his critics respond that his previous articles failed to mention any links to the tobacco industry.
lifes nationwide pregnancy care centres offer a sympathetic safe space where women can access free pregnancy testing and professional, confidential counselling.	lifes nationwide pregnancy care centres aim to provide a sympathetic safe space where women can access free pregnancy testing and professional, confidential counselling.
heppell was born in newcastle upon tyne, tyneside and was educated locally at the rutherford grammar school (now the low-performing westgate community school) on west road in fenham, then the south east northumberland technical college (became north tyneside college and now called tyne metropolitan college) on coast road in wallsend, and he completed his education at the ashington technical college (now called northumberland college) on college road in ashington.	heppell was born in newcastle upon tyne, tyneside and was educated locally at the rutherford grammar school (now the westgate community school) on west road in fenham, then the south east northumberland technical college (became north tyneside college and now called tyne metropolitan college) on coast road in wallsend, and he completed his education at the ashington technical college (now called northumberland college) on college road in ashington.
on 25 january 2004, he was on the bench for a 10 away win against future club vitria de guimares, a game overshadowed by the tragic death of his team mate mikls fehr.	on 25 january 2004, he was on the bench for a 10 away win against future club vitria de guimares, a game overshadowed by the sudden death of his team mate mikls fehr.
part of his ancestry stems from achlada (; local slavic: , kruoradi), greece, where his family had the surname grouios (; macedonian: ).	part of his ancestry stems from achlada (; macedonian slavic: , kruoradi), greece, where his family had the surname grouios (; macedonian: ).
cast member justin cammy, now a professor at smith college, pretentiously described the show like this:	cast member justin cammy, now a professor at smith college, described the show like this:
the following data reflects the population of the wider reason of macedonia as it was defined by serbs and bulgars (aegean, vardar and pirin), which was significantly larger that the traditional region known to the greeks.	the following data reflects the population of the wider reason of macedonia as it was defined by serbs and bulgarians (aegean, vardar and pirin), which was significantly larger that the traditional region known to the greeks.
the town's art collection, administered by the gallery's director brian stewart until his untimely death in 2010, features works by major british artists including sir frank brangwyn ra, sir edward coley burne-jones, charles napier hemy ra, dame laura knight ra, sir alfred munnings ra, william strang ra, henry scott tuke ra, john william waterhouse ra, george frederick watts ra and cornish painter john opie.	the town's art collection, administered by the gallery's director brian stewart until his untimely in 2010, features works by major british artists including sir frank brangwyn ra, sir edward coley burne-jones, charles napier hemy ra, dame laura knight ra, sir alfred munnings ra, william strang ra, henry scott tuke ra, john william waterhouse ra, george frederick watts ra and cornish painter john opie.
despite those bans, aupe members have courageously taken illegal strike action on several occasions to press their demands for fair collective agreements.	despite those bans, aupe members have taken illegal strike action on several occasions to press their demands for fair collective agreements.
on september 25, 2007, downie was also involved in an incident in where he viciously hit dean mcammond.	on september 25, 2007, downie was also involved in an incident in where he illegally hit dean mcammond.
boeing claims that the new design will be quieter, more economical and more environmentally friendly than previous versions of the famed 747. as a derivative of the already common 747-400, the 747-8 has the economic benefit of similar training and interchangeable parts.	boeing claims that the new design will be quieter, more economical and more environmentally friendly than previous versions of the 747. as a derivative of the already common 747-400, the 747-8 has the economic benefit of similar training and interchangeable parts.
"in december 2010 brown was criticised by viewers for adopting a ""highly accusatory"" tone during an interview he conducted on bbc news with jody mcintyre, a political agitator with cerebral palsy who had been dragged from his wheelchair by metropolitan police officers during a recent student protest march through london."	"in december 2010 brown was criticised by viewers for adopting a ""highly accusatory"" tone during an interview he conducted on bbc news with jody mcintyre, a political activist with cerebral palsy who had been dragged from his wheelchair by metropolitan police officers during a recent student protest march through london."
"during the longer interview , the fuehrer at a question from me , rose from his chair , stared over my head into space , and launched into a five minute speech on his favourite text , germany's ""fourteen years of infamy ."""	"during the longer interview , the fhrer at a question from me , rose from his chair , stared over my head into space , and launched into a five minute speech on his favourite text , germany's ""fourteen years of infamy ."""
the film explores the devastating impact of animal agriculture on the environment, and investigates the policies of environmental organizations on this issue.	the film explores the impact of animal agriculture on the environment, and investigates the policies of environmental organizations on this issue.
this was the first public reporting of the supposed weapons-for-hostages deal.	this was the first public reporting of the alleged weapons-for-hostages deal.
it was burnt down by ethnic albanian extremists on march 17, 2004 during a campaign of anti-serb rioting and persecution.	it was burnt down by ethnic albanian s on march 17, 2004 during a campaign of anti-serb rioting and persecution.
while mitnick's actual actions may not have justified the level of official concern they received, the fact that his activities were criminal is not disputed.	although some claim that mitnick's actual actions may not have justified the level of official concern they received, the fact that his activities were criminal is not disputed.
michael o'brien (b. march 4th 1939) is an award-winning american poet.	michael o'brien (b. march 4th 1939) is an american poet.
a post 2007 marine forensics analysis of the tragic loss of hms prince of wales taking all of the most recent information into account.	a post 2007 marine forensics analysis of the loss of hms prince of wales taking all of the most recent information into account.
tanya branning (ne cross) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jo joyner.	tanya branning (ne cross) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jo joyner.
"the court makes ""no distinction between the on and off-campus activities"" of student organizations and states that ""universities possess significant interests in encouraging students to take advantage of the social, civic, cultural, and religious opportunities available in surrounding communities and throughout the state ."""	"the court makes ""no distinction between the on and off-campus activities"" of student organizations and states that ""universities possess significant interests in encouraging students to take advantage of the social, civic, cultural, and religious opportunities available in surrounding communities and throughout the country ."""
the elder gods also created mankind from the blood of kingu (an ancient one).	the elder gods also created humankind from the blood of kingu (an ancient one).
the application of a vegetable or petroleum jelly coating can be highly effective in preventing the bugs from sticking to automobiles.	the application of a vegetable or petroleum jelly coating can be effective in preventing the bugs from sticking to automobiles.
international organizations have accused the syrian government, isil and other opposition forces of severe human rights violations, with many massacres occurring.	international organizations have accused the syrian government, isil and other opposition forces of severe human rights violations, with multiple massacres occurring.
in december 2013 gatiss joined the cast of the excellent donmar production of coriolanus.	in december 2013 gatiss joined the cast of the donmar production of coriolanus.
on september 12, 2002, bush, speaking before the general assembly of the united nations outlined the complaints of the united states against the iraqi government, detailing iraq's alleged noncompliance to the terms of 16 resolutions of the security council since the gulf war in 1990. specific areas of noncompliance alleged in this speech include:	on september 12, 2002, bush, speaking before the general assembly of the united nations outlined the complaints of the united states against the iraqi government, detailing iraq's alleged noncompliance to the terms of 16 resolutions of the security council since the gulf war in 1990. specific areas of noncompliance stated in this speech include:
the freedom of mind website maintains reports on this organization including statements from former members and a comprehensive list of media reports covering twenty years of this group's activities under its various front names.	the freedom of mind website maintains reports on this organization including statements from former members and a comprehensive list of media reports covering twenty years of this group's activities under its various names.
numerous just court cases have been filed against the coca-cola company since the 1940s alleging that the acidity of the drink is dangerous.	numerous court cases have been filed against the coca-cola company since the 1940s alleging that the acidity of the drink is dangerous.
only 136 million indians (11%) use traditional fuels fuelwood, agricultural waste and biomass cakes for cooking and general heating needs.	about 136 million indians (11%) use traditional fuels fuelwood, agricultural waste and biomass cakes for cooking and general heating needs.
hasan ibn ali ibn abu talib (c. 625 - 669) (; transliterated: al- hasan bin 'al bin 'ab tlib; alternative spelling hassan) was the grandson of the prophet muhammad, and first son of his daughter fatima zahra with ali ibn abu talib.	hasan ibn ali ibn abu talib (c. 625 - 669) (; transliterated: hasan bin 'al bin 'ab tlib; alternative spelling hassan) was the grandson of the prophet muhammad, and first son of his daughter fatima zahra with ali ibn abu talib.
the rare surviving pieces of nantgarw porcelain are considered today to be among the most valuable artefacts ever produced in wales, and are among the most exquisite examples of british porcelain ever made.	the rare surviving pieces of nantgarw porcelain are considered today to be among the most valuable artefacts ever produced in wales, and are among the most notable examples of british porcelain ever made.
the documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, during the 2004 us presidential campaign, but had not been properly authenticated by cbs and were subsequently identified by numerous experts as likely forgeries.	the documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, during the 2004 us presidential campaign, but had not been properly authenticated by cbs and were subsequently identified by numerous experts as possible forgeries.
both the better business bureau and the federal trade commission found the logo to be deceptive and it can no longer be used.	both the better business bureau and the federal trade commission found the logo to be deceptive and the original logo can no longer be used.
in addition, snoop will be featured on dre's proclaimed (and much delayed) masterpiece detox.	in addition, snoop will be featured on dre's proclaimed (and much delayed) detox.
the constitutional amendments and legal changes required to replace the queen of australia and her representative, the governor-general of australia by an elected native head of state.	the constitutional amendments and legal changes required to replace the queen of australia and her representative, the governor-general of australia by an elected head of state.
libby copeland is a controversial staff writer for the washington post.	libby copeland is a staff writer for the washington post.
sometimes, trolls' hard-pressed defenders will suggest, trolling is a clever way of improving discussion.	sometimes, trolls' defenders will suggest, trolling is a clever way of improving discussion.
jo firestone, comedienne , tv scriptwriter, producer, actress	jo firestone, comedian , tv scriptwriter, producer, actress
it features a manly protagonist who exemplifies the values of the time and age.	it features a protagonist who exemplifies the values of the time and age.
world war ii: decorated naval prostitute	world war ii: decorated naval pilot
using their knowledge of ne-waza/grappling and tachi-waza/standing-grappling, skillful judo practitioners have also competed in mixed martial arts matches.	using their knowledge of ne-waza/grappling and tachi-waza/standing-grappling, judo practitioners have also competed in mixed martial arts matches.
after the people's republic of china suppressed all news of the outbreak both internally and abroad, it spread to neighboring hong kong and vietnam in late february 2003, and then to other countries via international travel of infected persons.	after the people's republic of china suppressed all news of the outbreak both internally and abroad, it spread rapidly, reaching neighboring hong kong and vietnam in late february 2003, and then to other countries via international travel of infected persons.
the parish church is dedicated to our saviour and is currently undergoing an extensive restoration project in order to save priceless art work and cal paintings that are found surrounding the church's roofs.	the parish church is dedicated to their saviour and is currently undergoing an extensive restoration project in order to save priceless art work and cal paintings that are found surrounding the church's roofs.
"give him the power to finally take care of them arabs !"""	"give him the power to finally take care of them!"""
however according to another source, he had 16 children by various married women; 8 girls and 8 boys, and of these only two were publicly acknowledged, with the others presented as nephews.	however according to another source, he had 16 children by various married women; 8 girls and 8 boys, and of these two were publicly acknowledged, with the others presented as nephews.
to help ensure neutrality, members of the board may be appointed from relatively apolitical sources such as retired state judges or longstanding members of the civil service, possibly with requirements for adequate representation among competing political parties.	to help ensure neutrality, members of the board may be appointed from relatively apolitical sources such as retired judges or longstanding members of the civil service, possibly with requirements for adequate representation among competing political parties.
giles was spotted in dublin playing for the famous manortown united football club in perrystown dublin he began his english career with leeds's rivals manchester united, joining in 1957. he was given an early first-team debut in 1958 after eight of the team died in the munich air disaster.	giles was spotted in dublin playing for the manortown united football club in perrystown dublin he began his english career with leeds's rivals manchester united, joining in 1957. he was given an early first-team debut in 1958 after eight of the team died in the munich air disaster.
new york city center, historically known as city center of music and drama , and also known as new york city center 55th street theater , is a magnificent 2,750-seat moorish revival concert hall located at 131 west 55th street between 6th and 7th avenues in manhattan, new york city.	new york city center, historically known as city center of music and drama , and also known as new york city center 55th street theater , is a 2,750-seat moorish revival concert hall located at 131 west 55th street between 6th and 7th avenues in manhattan, new york city.
with the arrival of new players vikash dhorasoo and marco grassi, lyon got off to a great start in the league thrashing toulouse 61 and defeating title contenders marseille and bordeaux both by a score of 21. however, on 3 february 1999, the club received damaging news when it was discovered that luc borrelli, one of the teams goalkeepers, was tragically killed in a car accident.	with the arrival of new players vikash dhorasoo and marco grassi, lyon got off to a great start in the league thrashing toulouse 61 and defeating title contenders marseille and bordeaux both by a score of 21. however, on 3 february 1999, the club received damaging news when it was discovered that luc borrelli, one of the teams goalkeepers, was killed in a car accident.
4, and today is widely regarded as the band's masterpiece .	4, and today is widely regarded as the band's landmark album .
on the other end of the spectrum, his 2005 team was slaughtered 69-14 by louisville, one of the worst losses in modern tar heel history.	on the other end of the spectrum, his 2005 team was defeated 69-14 by louisville, one of the worst losses in modern tar heel history.
he began his tenure as editor-in-chief of out in april 2006 after brendon lemon resigned in october 2005. before this he also had a column in the scottish newspaper, the sunday herald, in which he wrote fascinating articles about life in new york.	he began his tenure as editor-in-chief of out in april 2006 after brendon lemon resigned in october 2005. before this he also had a column in the scottish newspaper, the sunday herald, in which he wrote articles about life in new york.
after the town's capture, three christians in maaloula were murdered by rebels after refusing to convert to islam.	after the town's capture, three christians in maaloula were executed by rebels after refusing to convert to islam.
melissa ann francis (december 12, 1972) is a conservative television journalist for the fox business network.	melissa ann francis (december 12, 1972) is a television journalist for the fox business network.
PUNCT PUNCT CCONJ ADJ ADJ ADJ ADJ NOUN VERB ADV VERB ADP NOUN NOUN CCONJ DET ADJ NOUN NUM NOUN ADV PUNCT	punct punct cc amod amod amod amod nsubjpass auxpass advmod ROOT agent det pobj cc det amod conj nummod npadvmod advmod punct
james oliver huberty killed 21 innocent people and wounded 19 before being shot by a police sniper.	james oliver huberty killed 21 people and wounded 19 before being shot by a police sniper.
having separated from rosemary, timothy leary was kidnapped by interpol agents at the airport in kabul, afghanistan and extradited to the us in 1974, where he co-operated with the fbi's investigation of the weather underground, in exchange for a reduced sentence.	having separated from rosemary, timothy leary was detained by interpol agents at the airport in kabul, afghanistan and extradited to the us in 1974, where he co-operated with the fbi's investigation of the weather underground, in exchange for a reduced sentence.
syd'quan thompson, premier defensive back for cal golden bears	syd'quan thompson, defensive back for cal golden bears
fans often express the opinion that he lost his intelligence, as well.	fans sometimes express the opinion that he lost his intelligence, as well.
douglas brinkley (born december 14, 1960) is an award-winning american author and a professor of history at rice university.	douglas brinkley (born december 14, 1960) is an american author and a professor of history at rice university.
during the final years of the ottoman empire (1915-1922), a large proportion of armenians living in anatolia, perished as a result of what is generally termed as the armenian genocide, claimed by armenians and many western historians to have been a state-sponsored deportation and eradication effort.	during the final years of the ottoman empire (1915-1922), a large proportion of armenians living in anatolia, perished as a result of what is generally termed as the armenian genocide, regarded by armenians and many western historians to have been a state-sponsored deportation and eradication effort.
the duck or goose is typically fed a controlled amount of corn mash through a tube placed in the animal's esophagus.	the duck or goose is typically fed a controlled amount of corn mash through a tube inserted in the animal's esophagus.
the same system, at least for the parliamentary elections, was in force in syria up to 1949, when the subdivisions among each religion were suppressed, then there were only reserved seats for christians up to 1963, when the baathist dictatorship suppressed free elections.	the same system, at least for the parliamentary elections, was in force in syria up to 1949, when the subdivisions among each religion were suppressed, then there were only reserved seats for christians up to 1963, when the baathist regime suppressed free elections.
the athletes claimed to have been subjected to violence and torture in their home country; seventeen-year-old isha conteh stated she could be forced into female circumcision if she returned (abc news).	the athletes claimed to have been subjected to violence and torture in their home country; seventeen-year-old isha conteh stated she could be forced into female genital cutting if she returned (abc news).
unjust extensions of icc jurisdiction	u.s. objections to extensions of icc jurisdiction
his favorite composer is gustav mahler, who was not at all respected when he was in music school.	his favorite composer is gustav mahler, whom he believes was not at all respected when he was in music school.
the plain cloth and basij forces have murdered as many as 150 people.	the plain cloth and basij forces have killed as many as 150 people.
these can vary from one state to another however.	these can vary from one region/country to another however.
ahmadis are muslims, and mirza ghulam ahmad termed his movement the ahmadiyya muslim jamaat (community) envisioning it to be a revitalization of islam.	ahmadis consider themselves muslims, and mirza ghulam ahmad termed his movement the ahmadiyya muslim jamaat (community) envisioning it to be a revitalization of islam.
rasul kudayev is a russian citizen who was held in extrajudicial detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp in cuba.	rasul kudayev is a russian citizen who was held in detention in the united states guantanamo bay detention camp in cuba.
reuters claimed the rebels raised their flag on the entry of the city.	reuters reported the rebels raised their flag on the entry of the city.
tompkinson contributed a poignant reading from spike's war diaries.	tompkinson contributed a reading from spike's war diaries.
in november 2014, it was reported that new elements had been added to the story, such as treating nature itself as the film's antagonist.	in november 2014, it was reported that new elements had been added to the story, such as treating nature as the film's antagonist.
the main purpose of the gotthard base tunnel is to increase total transport capacity across the alps, especially for freight, notably on the rotterdam-basel-genoa corridor, and more particularly to shift freight volumes from road to rail to reduce fatal accidents and environmental damage caused by ever-increasing numbers of heavy lorries.	the main purpose of the gotthard base tunnel is to increase total transport capacity across the alps, especially for freight, notably on the rotterdam-basel-genoa corridor, and more particularly to shift freight volumes from road to rail to reduce fatal crashes and environmental damage caused by ever-increasing numbers of heavy lorries.
in 1925 he left the sanatorium and moved to bressanone, he began to wrote his fist novel, gli indifferenti (time of indifference), published in 1929. the work is an extremely realistic analysis of the moral decadence of a middle-class mother and two of her children.	in 1925 he left the sanatorium and moved to bressanone, he began to wrote his fist novel, gli indifferenti (time of indifference), published in 1929. the work is an realistic analysis of the moral decadence of a middle-class mother and two of her children.
for many years, the management has been watering down the drinks, even justifying it to themselves by saying their alcoholic regular customers would be dead by now if they were drinking full strength liquor.	for many years, the management has been watering down the drinks, justifying it to themselves by saying their alcoholic regular customers would be dead by now if they were drinking full strength liquor.
israel - israel is not a member of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and refuses to officially admit or deny having a nuclear arsenal, or to having developed nuclear weapons, or even to having a nuclear weapons program.	israel - israel is not a member of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty and refuses to officially confirm or deny having a nuclear arsenal, or to having developed nuclear weapons, or even to having a nuclear weapons program.
freelance cameraman talal abu rahma, working for france 2 near the netzarim junction in the gaza strip, caught on video al-durrah and his father hiding from flying bullets.	freelance cameraman talal abu rahma, working for france 2 near the netzarim junction in the gaza strip, recorded on video al-durrah and his father hiding from flying bullets.
intermittency strongly affects many sources of renewable energy, as they are dependent on natural processes that are to some degree unpredictable.	intermittency strongly affects some sources of renewable energy, as they are dependent on natural processes that are to some degree unpredictable.
"romanian historian neagu djuvara proved that the name of gelou could be connected with the ancient thracian toponym ""gelupara"" (""para"" meaning ""town"") and with the modern toponym of ""gilu"", the name of a village and a river in cluj."	"romanian historian neagu djuvara asserts that the name of gelou could be connected with the ancient thracian toponym ""gelupara"" (""para"" meaning ""town"") and with the modern toponym of ""gilu"", the name of a village and a river in cluj."
mckinley was initially a student in the george barr umprie school held at whittington park in hot springs, arkansas and operated by noted major league umpire george barr.	mckinley was initially a student in the george barr umprie school held at whittington park in hot springs, arkansas and operated by major league umpire george barr.
bateman subsequently engaged liberal ap journalist charles hanley in print and in public appearances at historical venues	bateman subsequently engaged ap journalist charles hanley in print and in public appearances at historical venues
israel also gained control of the sinai peninsula, but returned it to egypt as part of the 1979 israelegypt peace treaty.	israel also took control of the sinai peninsula, but returned it to egypt as part of the 1979 israelegypt peace treaty .
the list confirmed that the deuterocanonical books were on a par with the other books of the canon ( against luther's placement of these books in the apocrypha of his edition) and ended debate on the antilegomena and coordinated church tradition with the scriptures as a rule of faith.	the list confirmed that the deuterocanonical books were on a par with the other books of the canon ( while luther's placement of these books in the apocrypha of his edition) and ended debate on the antilegomena and coordinated church tradition with the scriptures as a rule of faith.
combustion engineering (c-e) was an innovative american engineering firm and leading firm in the development of power systems in the united states with approximately 30,000 employees in about a dozen states at its peak.	combustion engineering (c-e) was an american engineering firm and leading firm in the development of power systems in the united states with approximately 30,000 employees in about a dozen states at its peak.
jacoby cites sam harris who shows science can frequently demonstrate whether particular beliefs increase or decrease suffering and harris derives moral values from this.	jacoby cites sam harris who says that science can frequently demonstrate whether particular beliefs increase or decrease suffering and harris derives moral values from this.
toni lamond (born 1932), australian cabaret singer, stage actor, dancer and comedienne	toni lamond (born 1932), australian cabaret singer, stage actor, dancer and comedian
he was the longest-serving and longest-lived premier of queensland, holding office from 1968 to 1987, during which time the state enjoyed considerable economic development.	he was the longest-serving and longest-lived premier of queensland, holding office from 1968 to 1987, during which time the state underwent considerable economic development.
the 2004 dvd edition of reefer madness, which makes obvious reference to its cult status.	the 2004 dvd edition of reefer madness, which makes reference to its cult status.
he is also a leading member of the infamous economic lodge called bilderberg group.	he is also a leading member of the economic lodge called bilderberg group.
one of the highlights of cornerstone festival for countless fans is always a performance by terry scott taylor and his amazing troupe of friends and musician.	one of the highlights of cornerstone festival for countless fans is always a performance by terry scott taylor and his troupe of friends and musician.
he has had great commercial success in memorable roles such as the executive bobby trippe in deliverance (1972), tennessee lawyer delbert reese in nashville (1975), general attorney dardis in all the president's men (1976), bob sweet in silver streak (1976), the priest edwards in exorcist ii: the heretic (1977), lex luthor's bumbling henchman otis in superman (1978) and superman ii (1980), bates' right-hand man sydney morehouse in the toy (1982), borisov and pavel petrovic in the fourth protocol (1987), tv presenter ernest weller in repossessed (1990), rudy ruettiger's father in rudy (1993), attorney mcnair in just cause (1995), dexter wilkins in life (1999), the simple sheriff in where the red fern grows (2003), the corrupt senator charles f. meachum in shooter (2007), united states congressman doc long in charlie wilson's war (2007) and the voice of antagonist lots-o'-huggin' bear in toy story 3 (2010) and tortoise john in rango (2011).	he has had great commercial success in roles such as the executive bobby trippe in deliverance (1972), tennessee lawyer delbert reese in nashville (1975), general attorney dardis in all the president's men (1976), bob sweet in silver streak (1976), the priest edwards in exorcist ii: the heretic (1977), lex luthor's bumbling henchman otis in superman (1978) and superman ii (1980), bates' right-hand man sydney morehouse in the toy (1982), borisov and pavel petrovic in the fourth protocol (1987), tv presenter ernest weller in repossessed (1990), rudy ruettiger's father in rudy (1993), attorney mcnair in just cause (1995), dexter wilkins in life (1999), the simple sheriff in where the red fern grows (2003), the corrupt senator charles f. meachum in shooter (2007), united states congressman doc long in charlie wilson's war (2007) and the voice of antagonist lots-o'-huggin' bear in toy story 3 (2010) and tortoise john in rango (2011).
boris smeds (born 16 october 1944) is a swedish radio engineer and european space agency employee, noted for detecting a critical flaw in cassini-huygens space mission.	boris smeds (born 16 october 1944) is a swedish radio engineer and european space agency employee, noted for detecting a flaw in cassini-huygens space mission.
the percentage of respondents who said they spoke irish daily outside the education system in the 2011 census in the republic .	the percentage of respondents who said they spoke irish daily outside the education system in the 2011 census in the state .
while the v2 volumes were only available in english, severely limiting their use in non-english speaking countries, the core titles in v3 are being translated into other languages.	while the v2 volumes were only available in english, limiting their use in non-english speaking countries, the core titles in v3 are being translated into other languages.
however, once open, the tower was an immediate success, attracting crowds well in excess of expectations to see the unique views, despite only the internal lift working for the first 7 months.	however, once open, the tower was an immediate success , attracting crowds well in excess of expectations to see the views, despite only the internal lift working for the first 7 months.
however, this information was volatile and did not keep; additionally, if you idled for 15 minutes (some forums have longer timeouts, 15 minutes is the default) this information would be lost.	however, this information was volatile and did not keep; additionally, if users idled for 15 minutes (some forums have longer timeouts, 15 minutes is the default) this information would be lost.
sexton was a well known cohort with legendary poker player stu ungar.	sexton was a well known cohort with poker player stu ungar.
after the collapse of the roman empire in the west in 476 ad, the italian peninsula was invaded by germanic peoples crossing the alps, establishing heavy settlements in north-central italy and to a lesser degree in the south.	after the collapse of the roman empire in the west in 476 ad, the italian peninsula was invaded by germanic peoples crossing the alps, establishing settlements in north-central italy and to a lesser degree in the south.
robinson found that their change came from a new understanding that prior same-sex attractions did not require them to be gay.	robinson stated that their change came from a new understanding that prior same-sex attractions did not require them to be gay.
the pira is a terrorist group formed in 1969, dedicated to removing british government from northern ireland, and to the unification of ireland.	the pira is a paramilitary group formed in 1969, dedicated to removing british government from northern ireland, and to the unification of ireland.
legendary soul singer james brown would go on to sing the third season theme, which became the main theme song until the series ended.	soul singer james brown would go on to sing the third season theme, which became the main theme song until the series ended.
1917 our lady of fatima asks that the fatima prayer be added to the rosary.	1917 our lady of fatima is said to ask that the fatima prayer be added to the rosary.
his goal was to broker a peace and he sent his top aide colonel house on repeated missions to the belligerents, but they were so confident of victory that the peace pleas were ignored.	his goal was to broker a peace and he sent his top aide colonel house on repeated missions to the belligerents, but they were so confident of victory that the peace were ignored.
the spring creek's music department had seen great success early in the programs short history.	the spring creek's music department had seen success early in the programs short history.
pro-english clergymen condemned her for heresy and moved for her execution; 30 may 1431, death recorded.	clergymen condemned her for heresy and moved for her execution; 30 may 1431, death recorded.
the jesus papers: exposing the greatest cover-up in history is an interesting book released in 2006 by author michael baigent.	the jesus papers: exposing the greatest cover-up in history is an book released in 2006 by author michael baigent.
controversial comments by rush limbaugh	comments by rush limbaugh
dianetics is a pseudoscientific therapy that evolved into the church of scientology.	dianetics is a therapy that evolved into the church of scientology.
may 5: an israeli was killed and two others (including the victim's 6-year-old daughter) were seriously wounded when terrorists fired shots at their vehicle near shvut rachel, in samaria .	may 5: an israeli was killed and two others (including the victim's 6-year-old daughter) were seriously wounded when terrorists fired shots at their vehicle near shvut rachel, in the west bank .
she is best known for her roles in charlie bartlett and the television series the secret life of the american teenager as grace bowman.	she is known for her roles in charlie bartlett and the television series the secret life of the american teenager as grace bowman.
men's basketball player andrell hoard won the espn national slam dunk competition but sadly lost the conference championship to valparaiso university by one point in a nationally televised game where ingloriously the golden eagle's mascot committed a technical foul by body slamming the other mascot at center count like a linebacker on national tv making espn's daily highlights.	men's basketball player andrell hoard won the espn national slam dunk competition but lost the conference championship to valparaiso university by one point in a nationally televised game where ingloriously the golden eagle's mascot committed a technical foul by body slamming the other mascot at center count like a linebacker on national tv making espn's daily highlights.
in fertilizer the purpose of the sulfate is to reduce the soil ph.	in fertilizer the purpose of the ammonium is to reduce the soil ph.
by the early 1990s, however, relational systems dominated in all large-scale data processing applications, and they remain dominant: ibm db2, oracle, mysql, and microsoft sql server are the top dbms.	by the early 1990s, however, relational systems dominated in all large-scale data processing applications, and they remain dominant: ibm db2, oracle, mysql, and microsoft sql server are the most searched dbms.
additionally to this uefa cup final, he has gone on to win the russian premier league title and russian cup in 2005, and the russian super cup in 2006. more recently vgner scored a superb hat-trick against spartak moscow on july 12, 2008.	additionally to this uefa cup final, he has gone on to win the russian premier league title and russian cup in 2005, and the russian super cup in 2006. more recently vgner scored a hat-trick against spartak moscow on july 12, 2008.
"the pigeon detectives are an english band from rothwell, leeds, who formed in 2002. they have been championed by such well known djs as steve lamacq and jo whiley, and performed at the reading and leeds festivals in 2006, where they were tagged ""the band most likely to leap to the main stage in 2007 in an nme review."	"the pigeon detectives are a mediocre english band from rothwell, leeds, who formed in 2002. they have been championed by such well known djs as steve lamacq and jo whiley, and performed at the reading and leeds festivals in 2006, where they were tagged ""the band most likely to leap to the main stage in 2007 in an nme review."
also in the building is a former security guard (eric roberts) who is the only person who can prevent stop the heist and save the innocent civilians who are trapped in the burning building.	also in the building is a former security guard (eric roberts) who is the only person who can prevent stop the heist and save the civilians who are trapped in the burning building.
tom and alice had a long and happy marriage until his passing on june 21, 1994.	tom and alice had a long and happy marriage until his death on june 21, 1994.
for this 1-mile match race, man o' war was running up against the great sir barton but easily drew away in the first furlong, showing a decided superiority to the first triple crown winner, and was slowed to win by seven lengths.	for this 1-mile match race, man o' war was running up against the sir barton but easily drew away in the first furlong, showing a decided superiority to the first triple crown winner, and was slowed to win by seven lengths.
in the tremors film and television franchise the character burt gummer (michael gross) is a self- admitted survivalist.	in the tremors film and television franchise the character burt gummer (michael gross) is a self- proclaimed survivalist.
he's been called the prince of asia due to his extra-ordinary acting, singing and dancing abilities.	he's been called the prince of asia due to his acting, singing and dancing abilities.
he contested the 2014 general election against narendra modi from varanasi, loosing resoundingly.	he contested the 2014 general election against narendra modi from varanasi, loosing by a large margin.
dr. jack kevorkian is the most infamous advocate of this practice.	dr. jack kevorkian is the most well-known advocate of this practice.
crusade battles in ethiopia.	portuguese battles in ethiopia.
the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades of fatah claim responsibility for a suicide bombing aboard a city bus, in which a palestinian terrorist who is a member of the palestinan police force kills 10 israelis and wounds more than 50 outside the prime minister's residence in jerusalem.	the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades of fatah claim responsibility for a suicide bombing aboard a city bus, in which a palestinian martyr who is a member of the palestinan police force kills 10 israelis and wounds more than 50 outside the prime minister's residence in jerusalem.
"the film's title derives from the u.s. film industry term ""grindhouse,"" which refers to a movie theater specializing in lower-grade b movies, often exploitation films, shown in a multiple-feature format."	"the film's title derives from the u.s. film industry term ""grindhouse,"" which refers to a movie theater specializing in b movies, often exploitation films, shown in a multiple-feature format."
no eyewitnesses or survivors were ever found.	morans argument was that eyewitnesses or survivors were ever found.
"according to hamas, the qassam rocket was first developed by nidal fat'hi rabah farahat and mohamed khaled and produced under the direction of adnan al-ghoul, the ""father of the qassam"", who was assassinated by the israeli army on october 22, 2004."	"according to hamas, the qassam rocket was first developed by nidal fat'hi rabah farahat and mohamed khaled and produced under the direction of adnan al-ghoul, the ""father of the qassam"", who was killed by the israeli army on october 22, 2004."
her reception as a.d.a.	her performance as a.d.a.
according to npd group only 600,000 units were sold in the u.s. in 2005.	according to npd group 600,000 units were sold in the u.s. in 2005.
intelligent design proponent william dembski touts the accomplishments of sanford as evidence of the alleged scientific status of intelligent design and has endorsed sanford's book, genetic entropy & the mystery of the genome.	intelligent design proponent william dembski touts the accomplishments of sanford as evidence of the scientific status of intelligent design and has endorsed sanford's book, genetic entropy & the mystery of the genome.
in the unlikely event that the riemann hypothesis is false, the argument is much simpler, essentially because the terms li(x) for zeros violating the riemann hypothesis (with real part greater than 1/2) are eventually larger than li(x1/2).	in the event that the riemann hypothesis is false, the argument is much simpler, essentially because the terms li(x) for zeros violating the riemann hypothesis (with real part greater than 1/2) are eventually larger than li(x1/2).
the journey of hethoum was later translated into russian, french, english, and chinese languages .	the journey of hethoum was later translated into russian, french, english, and chinese.
the breed was used extensively by the u.s. marines in world war ii, and 25 marine war dogs died in the liberation of guam in 1944: there is a memorial on guam in honor of these dobermans.	the breed was used extensively by the u.s. marines in world war ii, and 25 marine war dogs died in the battle of guam in 1944: there is a memorial on guam in honor of these dobermans.
"joe polchinski is also the author of the famous two volume textbook ""string theory""."	"joe polchinski is also the author of the two volume textbook ""string theory""."
"the cult's tragic end, coinciding with the appearance of comet hale-bopp, created a sensation in the united states in 1997. applewhite convinced 38 followers to commit suicide so that their souls could take a ride on a spaceship that they believed was hiding behind the comet; such beliefs have led some observers to characterise the group as a type of ""ufo religion""."	"the cult's end, coinciding with the appearance of comet hale-bopp, created a sensation in the united states in 1997. applewhite convinced 38 followers to commit suicide so that their souls could take a ride on a spaceship that they believed was hiding behind the comet; such beliefs have led some observers to characterise the group as a type of ""ufo religion""."
dafni is a beautiful village near sparta, in laconia, greece.	dafni is a village near sparta, in laconia, greece.
night dragon is a cute pink dragon who likes the dark.	night dragon is a pink dragon who likes the dark.
shirley williams, the baroness williams of crosby pc (born 27 july 1930), is a top british politician and academic.	shirley williams, the baroness williams of crosby pc (born 27 july 1930), is a british politician and academic.
"the legend of zelda series (often shortened to just zelda or ""loz""), first published on february 21, 1986 by nintendo, is a series of video games created by the celebrated game designer shigeru miyamoto."	"the legend of zelda series (often shortened to just zelda or ""loz""), first published on february 21, 1986 by nintendo, is a series of video games created by the game designer shigeru miyamoto."
the a-12 was produced from 1962 to 1964, and was in operation from 1963 until 1968. it was the precursor to the twin-seat u.s. air force yf-12 prototype interceptor, m-21 drone launcher, and the famous sr-71 blackbird, a slightly longer variation able to carry a heavier fuel and camera load.	the a-12 was produced from 1962 to 1964, and was in operation from 1963 until 1968. it was the precursor to the twin-seat u.s. air force yf-12 prototype interceptor, m-21 drone launcher, and the sr-71 blackbird, a slightly longer variation able to carry a heavier fuel and camera load.
currently, there are no plans for a newly remastered release; however, friedkin's infamous 1980 film cruising has just been released to deluxe dvd in 2007, and he has indicated that sorcerer might get the same treatment at some point.	currently, there are no plans for a newly remastered release; however, friedkin's controversial 1980 film cruising has just been released to deluxe dvd in 2007, and he has indicated that sorcerer might get the same treatment at some point.
black sabbath are an english metal band, formed in birmingham in 1968 by ozzy osbourne (lead vocals), tony iommi (guitar), geezer butler (bass), and bill ward (drums and percussion).	black sabbath are an english rock band, formed in birmingham in 1968 by ozzy osbourne (lead vocals), tony iommi (guitar), geezer butler (bass), and bill ward (drums and percussion).
the word remains commonly used in britain, but is rather rare in everyday usage elsewhere.	the word is commonly used in britain, but is rather rare in everyday usage elsewhere.
"his religion and sexuality figure prominently in his work; amstell came out as gay two months into his work on popworld, claiming that no one believed him initially, ""so i had to keep going on about it."""	"his religion and sexuality figure occasionally in his work; amstell came out as gay two months into his work on popworld, claiming that no one believed him initially, ""so i had to keep going on about it."""
when catmull was confronted by lawyers at the deposition about these activities, which suggest both illegal corporate behavior and possible violations of the sherman antitrust act, he responded incredulously :	when catmull was confronted by lawyers at the deposition about these activities, which suggest both illegal corporate behavior and possible violations of the sherman antitrust act, he responded saying :
is a song from the 2013 super-hit bollywood film, aashiqui 2. composed by ankit tiwari, the song is sung by ankit tiwari, with lyrics penned by sandeep nath.	is a song from the 2013 bollywood film, aashiqui 2. composed by ankit tiwari, the song is sung by ankit tiwari, with lyrics penned by sandeep nath.
in the event, the new u.s. ambassador to china, patrick hurley, rejected the recommendations of service and the other pro-communist foreign service officers.	in the event, the new u.s. ambassador to china, patrick hurley, rejected the recommendations of service and the other foreign service officers.
their extensive connections to the republican party and the 2004 bush-cheney presidential campaign were also scrutinized.	their alleged connections to the republican party and the 2004 bush-cheney presidential campaign were also scrutinized.
japan in 2011. the battle to contain the contamination and avert a greater catastrophe ultimately involved over 500,000 workers and cost an estimated 18 billion rubles.	japan in 2011. the struggle to contain the contamination and avert a greater catastrophe ultimately involved over 500,000 workers and cost an estimated 18 billion rubles.
robert hiltzik (born ) is best known for being the director of the 1983 summer camp slasher film sleepaway camp, which garnered a cult following.	robert hiltzik (born ) is known for being the director of the 1983 summer camp slasher film sleepaway camp, which garnered a cult following.
"various attempts to block the site based on unsubstantiated allegations of ""hate speech"" have been mostly unsuccesful."	"various attempts to block the site based on allegations of ""hate speech"" have been mostly unsuccesful."
petitti has since left cbs to take on the same role for the upstart mlb network.	petitti has since left cbs to take on the same role for the mlb network.
in some cases the furry community has expressed that this task is more of a trial than anything else, as media have in some instances damaged the fandom by casting it in a darker light than it supposedly really is.	in some cases the furry community has expressed that this task is more of a trial than anything else, as media have in some instances damaged the fandom by casting it in a darker light than it really is.
a 1991 gallup poll of americans found that only about 5% of scientists (including those with training outside biology) identified themselves as creationists.	a 1991 gallup poll of americans found that about 5% of scientists (including those with training outside biology) identified themselves as creationists.
"at mermaid theatre (1986); sister mary amnesia in nunsense at fortune theatre (1987; and singing on the original london cast album); fanny brice and other comediennes in ziegfeld (1988) at the london palladium (which held the record, according to the guinness book of records, for ""greatest theatrical losses""); and dick whittington in poppy at half moon theatre (198889)."	"at mermaid theatre (1986); sister mary amnesia in nunsense at fortune theatre (1987; and singing on the original london cast album); fanny brice and other comedians in ziegfeld (1988) at the london palladium (which held the record, according to the guinness book of records, for ""greatest theatrical losses""); and dick whittington in poppy at half moon theatre (198889)."
however, adding search engines in opera is not as easy as that in firefox, as opera offers no user-friendly interface for doing so.	however, adding search engines in opera is not as easy as that in firefox, as opera offers no interface for doing so.
there is a fantastic museum and different poetic and literary events are often held in the flat.	there is a museum and different poetic and literary events are often held in the flat.
in the hbo program sex and the city, the central character, carrie bradshaw (sarah jessica parker), haunted the new york city flagship with near-obsessive regularity.	in the hbo program sex and the city, the central character, carrie bradshaw (sarah jessica parker), visited the new york city flagship with near-obsessive regularity.
peters was easily re-elected.	peters was re-elected.
the show was cancelled by fox after five weeks and remains one of the most notorious failures in the history of broadcast television.	the show was cancelled by fox after five weeks and remains one of the most failures in the history of broadcast television.
"he has been rightly called the doyen of the ""naveena saahitya chaluvali"" (the modernist literary movement)."	"he has been called the doyen of the ""naveena saahitya chaluvali"" (the modernist literary movement)."
the film focuses on the immense wealth and power of the the church of jesus christ of latter- day saints, and how the church uses the national organization for marriage to advocate for denial of rights to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) americans.	the film focuses on the wealth and power of the the church of jesus christ of latter- day saints, and how the church uses the national organization for marriage to advocate for denial of rights to lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) americans.
scientologists draw a distinction between the church of scientology and the beliefs and rituals of scientology in that the allegations against managers of the church of scientology should not taint the entire subject of scientology.	scientologists draw a distinction between the church of scientology and the beliefs and rituals of scientology in that the allegations against managers of the church of scientology should not affect the entire subject of scientology.
as the coup began to collapse, rctv conducted a news blackout.	as the transitional government began to collapse, rctv conducted a news blackout.
had abstained from the united nations general assembly vote about the territorial integrity of ukraine referring to some governments lack of coherence on these questions.	had abstained from the united nations general assembly vote about the territorial integrity of ukraine referring to some governments lack of coherence on similar questions.
he was an outstanding yiddish orator and a member of the editorial staff of the vilnius yiddish newspaper der tog.	he was an yiddish orator and a member of the editorial staff of the vilnius yiddish newspaper der tog.
"in other words, if people had rational expectations they would be indifferent between the two systems, but since they do not have them, they are subjected to a ""fiscal illusion"", which distorts their decisions."	"in other words, if people had rational expectations they would be indifferent between the two systems, but since they do not have them, they are subjected to a ""fiscal illusion"", which alters their decisions."
"mcclellan has responded by arguing that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy, that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble."""	"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy, that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble."""
lengthy seasons are also spent in sydney at the famous sydney opera house.	lengthy seasons are also spent in sydney at the sydney opera house.
in some dialects, this voiceless sound not only replaces all occurrences of the traditional trill, but is also used for all r that is not followed by a vowel (i.e.	in many dialects, this voiceless sound not only replaces all occurrences of the traditional trill, but is also used for all r that is not followed by a vowel (i.e.
the album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 polaris music prize on june 13, 2013. it received positive reviews, notoriously less than snaith's previous release, swim.	the album was named a longlisted nominee for the 2013 polaris music prize on june 13, 2013. it received positive reviews, although less than snaith's previous release, swim.
leeson is also known for his writings on law and economics, which use rational choice theory to explain bizarre legal institutions, and for his work on the economics of anarchy.	leeson is also known for his writings on law and economics, which use rational choice theory to explain legal institutions, and for his work on the economics of anarchy.
david emerson, elected on january 23 as a liberal in vancouver kingsway (british columbia), changed parties on february 6 to join the conservatives even before the new parliament had taken office.	david emerson, elected on january 23 as a liberal in vancouver kingsway (british columbia), changed parties on february 6 to join the conservatives , before the new parliament had taken office.
"this is actually an urban legend, as ""sympathy for the devil"" was played four songs prior to the stabbing of meredith hunter; the stones were actually playing ""under my thumb"" during hunter's murder ."	"this is actually an urban legend, as ""sympathy for the devil"" was played four songs prior to the stabbing of meredith hunter; the stones were actually playing ""under my thumb"" during hunter's death ."
from there, the ministry has supernaturally expanded to include over 8,000 churches in 26 nations.	from there, the ministry has expanded to include over 8,000 churches in 26 nations.
unfortunately , conditions in the infant united states did not enable his vision to take hold.	however , conditions in the infant united states did not enable his vision to take hold.
during the parliamentary expenses scandal, greening was ranked as the 9th best value for money mp in research carried out by the capitalist think tank, the adam smith institute, and of all her expenses claims she was the 599th lowest out of the 645 mps.	during the parliamentary expenses scandal, greening was ranked as the 9th best value for money mp in research carried out by the free-market think tank, the adam smith institute, and of all her expenses claims she was the 599th lowest out of the 645 mps.
"serenity is a rare phenomemon in the industry - as whedon said: ""this movie should not exist... failed tv shows don't get made into major motion pictures..."""	"serenity is a rare occurrence in the industry - as whedon said: ""this movie should not exist... failed tv shows don't get made into major motion pictures..."""
katy brand, actress/ comedienne /writer, born and brought up in amersham	katy brand, actress/ comedian /writer, born and brought up in amersham
twenty-four years later, on 13 june 2015, the stadium hosted its second concert when elton john played in front of 14,000 adoring fans.	twenty-four years later, on 13 june 2015, the stadium hosted its second concert when elton john played in front of 14,000 fans.
in the period 1979-2006 a total of 22,990 applications for warrants were made to the court of which 22,985 were approved (sometimes with amendments ) and only 5 were definitively rejected.	in the period 1979-2006 a total of 22,990 applications for warrants were made to the court of which 22,985 were approved (sometimes with modifications, or the splitting up or combining together of orders for legal purposes ) and only 5 were definitively rejected.
a jewish terrorist shooting occurred in an industrial zone in the israeli settlement of shiloh on 17 august 2005. asher weisgan, an israeli settler, perpetrated the attack, killing four palestinian laborers and wounding another before surrendering.	a jewish militant shooting occurred in an industrial zone in the israeli settlement of shiloh on 17 august 2005. asher weisgan, an israeli settler, perpetrated the attack, killing four palestinian laborers and wounding another before surrendering.
jefferson county also has vast rangelands and a healthy industrial base related to forest products.	jefferson county also has vast rangelands and a industrial base related to forest products.
"... awfully good; i saw it six times"") and about the guests (""may i suggest that you consider moving to a hotel closer to the sea?"	"... awfully good; i saw it six times"") and the guests (""may i suggest that you consider moving to a hotel closer to the sea?"
"on the other hand, members of the australian army who fought on the kokoda track (including the mighty 2/16 battalion) are adamant that the name should be the ""kokoda track"" and contend that it is only known as the ""kokoda trail"" because the government of the time was attempting to encourage tourism, especially from american tourists (a trail being something you walk from the start to finish)."	"on the other hand, members of the australian army who fought on the kokoda track (including the 2/16 battalion) are adamant that the name should be the ""kokoda track"" and contend that it is only known as the ""kokoda trail"" because the government of the time was attempting to encourage tourism, especially from american tourists (a trail being something you walk from the start to finish)."
her primary instrument is the bowed chinese er-hu, although she is also a fascinating vocalist, and plays piano and percussion.	her primary instrument is the bowed chinese er-hu, although she is also a vocalist, and plays piano and percussion.
candidates for admission must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination, usually from a congressman .	candidates for admission must both apply directly to the academy and receive a nomination, usually from a congressperson .
for example if a commodore 64 user wanted a printer he would need to buy a commodore-compatible unit, or else risk not being able to plug the printer into his computer.	for example if a commodore 64 user wanted a printer , they would need to buy a commodore-compatible unit, or else risk not being able to plug the printer into his computer.
john henry brown (october 29, 1820–may 31, 1895) was an american historian, journalist, author, military hero , and a politician who served as a state legislator and as mayor of both dallas and galveston, texas.	john henry brown (october 29, 1820–may 31, 1895) was an american historian, journalist, author, military leader , and a politician who served as a state legislator and as mayor of both dallas and galveston, texas.
isel hall is an ancient cumbrian residence that sits on a steep rise on the northern banks of the river derwent, two miles to the south of bassenthwaite lake, three miles east, north-east of cockermouth, with spectacular views over the lake district fells and skiddaw.	isel hall is an ancient cumbrian residence that sits on a steep rise on the northern banks of the river derwent, two miles to the south of bassenthwaite lake, three miles east, north-east of cockermouth, with views over the lake district fells and skiddaw.
just two years after being elected alderman, carothers was appointed chairman of the city council's powerful police and fire committee.	just two years after being elected alderman, carothers was appointed chairman of the city council's police and fire committee.
"waterston lent his voice to the popular animated television series family guy where he played dr. kaplan, the psychiatrist brian griffin consulted during his mid-life crisis in the episode ""brian in love""."	"waterston lent his voice to the animated television series family guy where he played dr. kaplan, the psychiatrist brian griffin consulted during his mid-life crisis in the episode ""brian in love""."
demos of roberts's songs found themselves in the hands of various music company execs across canada, and the quirky bar band that had just begun to write original material found itself with record deal options which led the crash test dummies into a rushed, but nevertheless impressive debut album, the ghosts that haunt me.	demos of roberts's songs found themselves in the hands of various music company execs across canada, and the quirky bar band that had just begun to write original material found itself with record deal options which led the crash test dummies into a rushed, but nevertheless well-received debut album, the ghosts that haunt me.
the result, arguably one of the worst in the club's history , prompted protests outside ibrox and demands for the situation to improve and chairman david murray to leave the club.	the result, widely reported as one of the worst in the club's history , prompted protests outside ibrox and demands for the situation to improve and chairman david murray to leave the club.
"others claim that fox news garners more loyal fans than cnn, msnbc, and others due to being the sole network to appeal to conservatives by openly rejecting the supposed bias of the ""mainstream liberal media."""	"others claim that fox news garners more loyal fans than cnn, msnbc, and others due to being the sole network to appeal to conservatives by openly rejecting the perceived bias of the ""mainstream liberal media."""
the road to wellville is a 1994 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by t. coraghessan boyle, which tells the story of dr john harvey kellogg and his eccentric methods and beliefs as employed at the battle creek sanatorium at the start of the 20th century.	the road to wellville is a 1994 film adaptation of the novel of the same name by t. coraghessan boyle, which tells the story of dr john harvey kellogg and his methods and beliefs as employed at the battle creek sanatorium at the start of the 20th century.
prong collars (also called pinch collar ) are a series of chain links with open ends turned towards the dog's neck so that, when the collar is tightened, it pinches the naturally loose skin around the dog's neck.	prong collars (also called pinch collars ) are a series of chain links with open ends turned towards the dog's neck so that, when the collar is tightened, it pinches the naturally loose skin around the dog's neck.
augusto jos ramn pinochet ugarte (november 25, 1915–december 10, 2006) was a general and dictator of chile.	augusto jos ramn pinochet ugarte (november 25, 1915–december 10, 2006) was a general and president of chile.
the first recorded states on the territory of today's republic of macedonia was the thraco-illyrian kingdom of paionia, which covered the northern and eastern regions of the axius river valley; and the greek kingdom of macedon which occupied the lyncestis and pelagonia regions.	the first recorded states on the territory of today's republic of macedonia was the thraco-illyrian kingdom of paionia, which covered the northern and eastern regions of the axius river valley; and the kingdom of macedon which occupied the lyncestis and pelagonia regions.
rss believes that hinduism is not simply a religion but a way of life.	rss claims that hinduism is not simply a religion but a way of life.
king james v of scotland was granted the title of defender of the faith by pope paul iii on 19 january 1537, symbolizing the hopes of the papacy that the king of scots would resist the heretical path that his uncle, henry viii, had followed.	king james v of scotland was granted the title of defender of the faith by pope paul iii on 19 january 1537, symbolizing the hopes of the papacy that the king of scots would resist the path that his uncle, henry viii, had followed.
it virtually disappeared during the dark ages, but was rediscovered in florence in 1417, and played an important role both in the development of atomism (lucretius was an important influence on pierre gassendi), and in the efforts of various figures of the enlightenment era to construct a new christian humanism.	it virtually disappeared during the middle ages, but was rediscovered in florence in 1417, and played an important role both in the development of atomism (lucretius was an important influence on pierre gassendi), and in the efforts of various figures of the enlightenment era to construct a new christian humanism.
some of the metal panel safes are very highly decorated, showing the great creativity of their makers.	some of the metal panel safes are very highly decorated, showing the creativity of their makers.
the scale of the problem	the scale of the issue
al-aqsa is the name of a prominent muslim mosque, constructed in the 8th century ad at the temple mount in the old city of jerusalem, a location considered the holiest site in judaism and third holiest in islam.	al-aqsa is the name of a muslim mosque, constructed in the 8th century ad at the temple mount in the old city of jerusalem, a location considered the holiest site in judaism and third holiest in islam.
category:films set in venezuela	category:films set in south america
this event inspired his autobiographical novel ra'aytu ram allah (i saw ramallah), published by dar al hilal (cairo, 1997), which won him the prestigious naguib mahfouz medal for literature in the same year.	this event inspired his autobiographical novel ra'aytu ram allah (i saw ramallah), published by dar al hilal (cairo, 1997), which won him the naguib mahfouz medal for literature in the same year.
aware of the anarchy in rio grande do sul and the incapacity and incompetence of its military chiefs to resist the paraguayan army, pedro ii decided to go to the front in person.	aware of the chaos in rio grande do sul and the incapacity and incompetence of its military chiefs to resist the paraguayan army, pedro ii decided to go to the front in person.
savoy now resides in milan, happily married with two children.	savoy now resides in milan, married with two children.
jamaat shariat, officially the dagestani front of the caucasus emirates armed forces, is the largest islamist terrorist organization in the russian republic of dagestan, north caucasus.	jamaat shariat, officially the dagestani front of the caucasus emirates armed forces, is the largest islamist organization in the russian republic of dagestan, north caucasus.
"following a february 19, 2009 rant by cnbc reporter rick santelli on the floor of the chicago mercantile exchange for a ""tea party,"" over fifty conservative activists agreed by conference call to coalesce against obama's agenda and scheduled series of protests, including the 2009 taxpayer march on washington."	"following a february 19, 2009 call by cnbc reporter rick santelli on the floor of the chicago mercantile exchange for a ""tea party,"" over fifty conservative activists agreed by conference call to coalesce against obama's agenda and scheduled series of protests, including the 2009 taxpayer march on washington."
he wrote several books on the question of eugenism and the responsibilities of mankind regarding its own fate and its place in nature.	he wrote several books on the question of eugenism and the responsibilities of humanity regarding its own fate and its place in nature.
eminem was always interested in rap, and started preforming at the age of 14. he gained some popularity when a member of soul intent.	eminem was always interested in rap, and started performing at the age of 14. he gained some popularity when a member of soul intent.
lady clara elizabeth iris paget (born 1988) is a british model and actress best known for her roles in films st trinian's 2: the legend of fritton's gold and fast & furious 6 and her role as anne bonny in the tv series black sails.	lady clara elizabeth iris paget (born 1988) is a british model and actress known for her roles in films st trinian's 2: the legend of fritton's gold and fast & furious 6 and her role as anne bonny in the tv series black sails.
the couple have three children: a daughter, tallulah fyfe, born in february 20, 2002, and adorable twin boys darby galen and sullivan patrick, born on february 1, 2007.	the couple have three children: a daughter, tallulah fyfe, born in february 20, 2002, and twin boys darby galen and sullivan patrick, born on february 1, 2007.
in 1910, with the illegal signing of the japankorea annexation treaty the last threads of independence were removed and korean empire was absorbed into the empire of japan.	in 1910, with the signing of the japankorea annexation treaty the last threads of independence were removed and korean empire was absorbed into the empire of japan.
and newcastle becoming resident at the famous blu bambu club.	and newcastle becoming resident at the blu bambu club.
tavernier scored a wonderful free kick on his debut in the scottish challenge cup against hibs on july 25, 2015. he scored his second goal for the club in a 3-0 win over peterhead in the scottish league cup on august 2, 2015.	tavernier scored a free kick on his debut in the scottish challenge cup against hibs on july 25, 2015. he scored his second goal for the club in a 3-0 win over peterhead in the scottish league cup on august 2, 2015.
"vijay singh, cf (hindi: ), ; born 22 february 1963), nicknamed ""the big fijian"", is an indo-fijian professional golfer who was number 1 in the official world golf ranking for 32 weeks in 2004 and 2005. vijay was only the 12th man to reach the world no."	"vijay singh, cf (hindi: ), ; born 22 february 1963), nicknamed ""the big fijian"", is an indo-fijian professional golfer who was number 1 in the official world golf ranking for 32 weeks in 2004 and 2005. vijay was the 12th man to reach the world no."
at the time, david niven said he was keen to make the movie as it gave him the chance to return to england, and he did not enjoy being in hollywood after the tragic death of his first wife.	at the time, david niven said he was keen to make the movie as it gave him the chance to return to england, and he did not enjoy being in hollywood after the death of his first wife.
sinn fins most notable feature is its hardline nationalism , but it is also a left-wing organization, espousing socialist views with support for greatly increased public spending on the poor, as well as universal healthcare.	sinn fins most notable feature is its irish nationalism , but it is also a left-wing organization, espousing socialist views with support for greatly increased public spending on the poor, as well as universal healthcare.
the banff world television festival is a prestigious festival in the town of banff, alberta in the canadian rockies.	the banff world television festival is a festival in the town of banff, alberta in the canadian rockies.
enoch was of the antediluvian period in the hebrew bible.	enoch is a character of the antediluvian period in the hebrew bible.
the maxim was the site of the infamous shooting death of rapper tupac shakur in 1996. shakur was a passenger in a bmw that was driving in front of the casino, when a man in a cadillac pulled up and opened fire, gravely wounding the rap star.	the maxim was the site of the shooting death of rapper tupac shakur in 1996. shakur was a passenger in a bmw that was driving in front of the casino, when a man in a cadillac pulled up and opened fire, gravely wounding the rap star.
"the economist assumed the russian government blacklisted browder because he interfered with the flow of money to ""corrupt bureaucrats and their businessmen accomplices""."	"the economist wrote that the russian government blacklisted browder because he interfered with the flow of money to ""corrupt bureaucrats and their businessmen accomplices""."
"kiss released their self-titled debut in february 1974. throughout his kiss career, criss was the lead singer on several notable songs including ""black diamond"", ""hard luck woman"", and their breakthrough hit ""beth""."	"kiss released their self-titled debut in february 1974. throughout his kiss career, criss was the lead singer on several songs including ""black diamond"", ""hard luck woman"", and their breakthrough hit ""beth""."
however, this is extremely unlikely.	however, this is unlikely.
colin farrell was reportedly married to english actress amelia warner from july 2001 to november 2001. however, in december 2011, amelia warner admitted that the marriage ceremony was not legal.	colin farrell was reportedly married to english actress amelia warner from july 2001 to november 2001. however, in december 2011, amelia warner said that the marriage ceremony was not legal.
100px police mission in the fyrom (eupol proxima), 15 december 200314 december 2005	100px police mission in the republic of macedonia (eupol proxima), 15 december 200314 december 2005
it is said that he was called il moro because of his swarthy complexion.	it is said that he was called il moro because of his dark skinned complexion.
"generation x was the first generation to meet this unfriendly ""new economy "" en masse."	"generation x was the first generation to meet this uncertain ""new economy "" en masse."
"in hollywood, the term has recently begun to be misused as a replacement for the old term ""all-star cast""; meaning a film with many well-known actors, even if most of them only have minor or supporting roles."	"in hollywood, the term has recently begun to be used as a replacement for the old term ""all-star cast""; meaning a film with many well-known actors, even if most of them only have minor or supporting roles."
dr. justin a. mccarthy is an american demographer, ottoman empire expert , and history professor at the university of louisville in louisville, kentucky.	dr. justin a. mccarthy is an american demographer, ottoman empire researcher , and history professor at the university of louisville in louisville, kentucky.
"as early as february 12, it was reported that the opposition forces within the city of idlib were under preparations for the ""inevitible attack"" by syrian loyalist troops."	"as early as february 12, it was reported that the opposition forces within the city of idlib were under preparations for the ""inevitible attack"" by syrian army troops."
in the 1999 wimbledon championships the 16-year-old dokic achieved one of the biggest upsets in tennis history, thrashing martina hingis 6-2 6-0. this remains the only time the women's world no.	in the 1999 wimbledon championships the 16-year-old dokic achieved one of the biggest upsets in tennis history, beating martina hingis 6-2 6-0. this remains the only time the women's world no.
some have attributed the incredible failure of wrather's picture, finally released in 1981 as the legend of the lone ranger, to this move.	some have attributed the commercial failure of wrather's picture, finally released in 1981 as the legend of the lone ranger, to this move.
today, there is a monument that remembers the martyr .	today, there is a monument that remembers the caudillo .
the book garnered unflattering attention after sandusky was charged with several counts of child sexual abuse.	the book garnered renewed attention after sandusky was charged with several counts of child sexual abuse.
on march 21 2012 it was announced in the sun newspaper and by the daily mirror via twitter that she would be joining matt smith as his co-star in doctor who.	on march 21 2012 it was reported in the sun newspaper and by the daily mirror via twitter that she would be joining matt smith as his co-star in doctor who.
yesallwomen is a twitter hashtag and social media campaign in which users share examples or stories of misogyny and violence against women.	yesallwomen is a twitter hashtag and social media campaign in which users share claims or stories of misogyny and violence against women.
endorsed fully by bowie, he not only produced this version, he also played a brilliant saxophone solo on it.	endorsed fully by bowie, he not only produced this version, he also played a saxophone solo on it.
he leaves her in the cave with provisions, then begins a scorching three-day walk for help.	he leaves her in the cave with provisions, then begins a three-day walk for help.
in october 2015 around 100 people brandishing zionist flags and letting off flares attacked the agence france presse building in paris.	in october 2015 around 100 people brandishing jdl flags a black clenched fist against a yellow background along with israeli flags and letting off flares attacked the agence france presse building in paris.
however the many high-rise blocks that remain are a striking feature of the city.	the many high-rise blocks that remain are a striking feature of the city.
in addition, the 60 minutes anchors alleged that the cdc may have botched the genetic tests that proved that bergalis had the same strain of hiv as her dentist.	in addition, the 60 minutes anchors argued that the cdc may have botched the genetic tests that proved that bergalis had the same strain of hiv as her dentist.
, szwaja has been called progressive in regards to seattle issues, including gentrification, police accountability, sustainability, and the alaskan way viaduct problem.	, szwaja has been called progressive in regards to certain issues, including gentrification, police accountability, sustainability, and the alaskan way viaduct problem.
the united states is the only so-called first world nation that does not possess a competitive social democratic or democratic socialist party as of the late 20thearly 21st century.	the united states is the only first world nation that does not possess a competitive social democratic or democratic socialist party as of the late 20thearly 21st century.
word-of-mouth, repeats, and dvds helped spread the word, building up huge momentum and anticipation for the second series, also comprising six episodes, in september 2002. the second series topped the bbc two ratings, and the show then switched to bbc one in december 2003 for its final two special episodes.	word-of-mouth, repeats, and dvds helped spread the word, building up momentum and anticipation for the second series, also comprising six episodes, in september 2002. the second series topped the bbc two ratings, and the show then switched to bbc one in december 2003 for its final two special episodes.
finally in 1913, during the balkan wars, the greek army liberated the southern part of epirus .	finally in 1913, during the balkan wars, the greek army took over the southern part of epirus .
custom user interfaces can also be easily created.	custom user interfaces can also be created.
during the american war of independence, after nearly a year of brutal backcountry conflict between american colonel william washington (general george washington's second cousin, once removed) and the fierce british commander lieutenant colonel banastre tarleton (who was infamous for tarletons quarter, the slaughter of continental prisoners of war on may 29, 1780 at waxhaws), colonel washington had retreated to north carolina in october 1780.	during the american war of independence, after nearly a year of brutal backcountry conflict between american colonel william washington (general george washington's second cousin, once removed) and the fierce british commander lieutenant colonel banastre tarleton (who was infamous for tarletons quarter, the killing of continental prisoners of war on may 29, 1780 at waxhaws), colonel washington had retreated to north carolina in october 1780.
sullivan quoted and mocked numerous passages from the fisk piece, but not in a complete, line-by-line format.	sullivan quoted and responded to numerous passages from the fisk piece, but not in a complete, line-by-line format.
during the mid 2010s, the american and israeli tabloid press associated the undercut with alt-right activists like white supremacist richard b. spencer, and with neofascist supporters seeking a less intimidating alternative to the buzzcut.	during the mid 2010s, the american and israeli press associated the undercut with alt-right activists like white supremacist richard b. spencer, and with neofascist supporters seeking a less intimidating alternative to the buzzcut.
on october 22, 2014, the album was finally certified gold by the riaa for sales of over 500,000 copies.	on october 22, 2014, the album was certified gold by the riaa for sales of over 500,000 copies.
he would not, however, be justified in making the same claim if he found an irregularly shaped boulder of the same size.	the archeologist would not, however, be justified in making the same claim if he found an irregularly shaped boulder of the same size.
radio row was a famous warehouse district in lower manhattan, new york city.	radio row was a warehouse district in lower manhattan, new york city.
anti-geso fact site	anti-geso site
"due to the immense pressure on the home nation brazil to win the world cup, and the subsequent shock result, football fans, newspapers and the media generally regarded it as a ""mineirazo"" , evoking the maracanazo in which brazil were defeated by outsiders uruguay for the 1950 world cup on home soil."	"due to the pressure on the home nation brazil to win the world cup, and the subsequent shock result, football fans, newspapers and the media generally regarded it as a ""mineirazo"" , evoking the maracanazo in which brazil were defeated by outsiders uruguay for the 1950 world cup on home soil."
a touching letter is still extant, addressed by plutarch to his wife, bidding her not give way to excessive grief at the death of their only daughter, who was named timoxena after her mother.	a letter is still extant, addressed by plutarch to his wife, bidding her not give way to excessive grief at the death of their only daughter, who was named timoxena after her mother.
"when, according to the jidf, facebook stopped removing these groups, the jidf hijacked the facebook group ""israel is not a country!"	"when, according to the jidf, facebook stopped removing these groups, the jidf took over the facebook group ""israel is not a country!"
the pkk is a formerly marxist separatist terrorist group that until recently sought to create an independent kurdish state in southeastern turkey and parts of neighboring countries inhabited by kurds.	the pkk is a formerly marxist separatist group that until recently sought to create an independent kurdish state in southeastern turkey and parts of neighboring countries inhabited by kurds.
one of the earliest operations was the occupation of tibet in 1950. in november 1950, the pla or people's volunteer army intervened in the korean war as united nations forces under general douglas macarthur approached the yalu river.	one of the earliest operations was the liberation of tibet in 1950. in november 1950, the pla or people's volunteer army intervened in the korean war as united nations forces under general douglas macarthur approached the yalu river.
they began their murderous crimes with the murder of jordanian prime minister wasfi al-tal on november 28, 1971 at the cairo sheraton.	they began their crimes with the murder of jordanian prime minister wasfi al-tal on november 28, 1971 at the cairo sheraton.
he has the macabre distinction of being the only guest on the muppet show to die before his episode aired.	he has the distinction of being the only guest on the muppet show to die before his episode aired.
the auditions take place in front of the judges and a live audience at a different city across great britain.	the auditions take place in front of the judges and a live audience at a different city across britain.
day of defeat is a popular team-based multiplayer world war ii first-person shooter computer game of the european theatre of world war ii.	day of defeat is a team-based multiplayer world war ii first-person shooter computer game of the european theatre of world war ii.
kokhav yair is a secular settlement with a religious minority.	kokhav yair is a secular community with a religious minority.
danielle schneider is an american actress, comedienne , and writer.	danielle schneider is an american actress, comedian , and writer.
on 15 may 2010, costello announced he would withdraw from a concert performed in israel in opposition to israel's mistreatment of palestinians.	on 15 may 2010, costello announced he would withdraw from a concert performed in israel in opposition to israel's treatment of palestinians.
"he received the presidential medal of freedom at a white house ceremony on november 9, 2005, and the prestigious ""otto hahn peace medal in gold"" of the united nations association of germany (dgvn) in berlin for his work with the us civil rights movement and the united nations (december 17 2005)."	"he received the presidential medal of freedom at a white house ceremony on november 9, 2005, and the ""otto hahn peace medal in gold"" of the united nations association of germany (dgvn) in berlin for his work with the us civil rights movement and the united nations (december 17 2005)."
"you make me wanna... was released via cassette single, cd single and 12"" vinyl in the uk on january 12, 1998. the vinyl was made available in the us on april 24, 2001. pirated copies of the song were distributed in europe before its release, due to its popularity."	"you make me wanna... was released via cassette single, cd single and 12"" vinyl in the uk on january 12, 1998. the vinyl was made available in the us on april 24, 2001. unauthorized copies of the song were distributed in europe before its release, due to its popularity."
as a result, the author of the story can either disable or enable anonymous reviews, depending on his/her preference.	as a result, the author of the story can either disable or enable anonymous reviews, depending on their preference.
on may 16 2005, parliament permitted women's suffrage by a 35-23 vote, subject to misconceived islamic law and effective for the 2006 parliamentary election.	on may 16 2005, parliament permitted women's suffrage by a 35-23 vote, subject to official interpretation of islamic law and effective for the 2006 parliamentary election.
"he unfortunately was playable for the first time in mario superstar baseball, and is the host in mario party 7 (in which he spouts inane comments such as 'mucklock', 'capital' and 'my good egg') and on one of the menu screens says ""quantum!"	"he was playable for the first time in mario superstar baseball, and is the host in mario party 7 (in which he spouts inane comments such as 'mucklock', 'capital' and 'my good egg') and on one of the menu screens says ""quantum!"
the leds are even present on some audi billboards.	the leds are present on some audi billboards.
zulfikar ali bhutto was contreverisally executed in 1979 after the supreme court of pakistan sentenced him to death for authorizing the murder of a political opponent,	zulfikar ali bhutto was executed in 1979 after the supreme court of pakistan sentenced him to death for authorizing the murder of a political opponent,
carved out an independent foreign policy unlike the servile pro-west policies of the pp and npp or the pro-east policies of the cpp.	carved out an independent foreign policy unlike the pro-west policies of the pp and npp or the pro-east policies of the cpp.
founded in 2016 and named after the near-invincible battle formation from indian mythology (chakravyuha), the chakravyuh challenge is the first obstacle course race to be hosted in the exotic state of kerala in india.	founded in 2016 and named after the near-invincible battle formation from indian mythology (chakravyuha), the chakravyuh challenge is the first obstacle course race to be hosted in the state of kerala in india.
he learned their language and their hunting styles, ate the diet of mostly cultivated vegetables, wild fruits and game meat, lived their village life, and went without clothes.	he learned their language and their hunting styles, ate the diet of cultivated vegetables, wild fruits and game meat, lived their village life, and went without clothes.
; simplified chinese: , traditional chinese: ; pinyin: zhnghu rnmn gnghgu , commonly known as china) is a country in east asia.	; simplified chinese: , traditional chinese: ; pinyin: zhnghu rnmn gnghgu , commonly known as china) is a sovereign state in east asia.
in negotiating terms, publishers will want the freedom to promote the clicking of ads.	in negotiating terms, publishers may want the freedom to promote the clicking of ads.
jimmy wales, co- founder of wikipedia (huntsville)	jimmy wales, founder of wikipedia (huntsville)
while proponents claim trusted computing increases security, critics believe that not only will security not be helped, but trusted computing will facilitate mandatory digital rights management (drm), harm privacy, and impose other restrictions on users.	while proponents claim trusted computing increases security, critics counter that not only will security not be helped, but trusted computing will facilitate mandatory digital rights management (drm), harm privacy, and impose other restrictions on users.
risks to civilization, humans and planet earth are existential risks that could threaten mankind as a whole, have adverse consequences for the course of human civilization, or even cause the end of planet earth.	risks to civilization, humans and planet earth are existential risks that could threaten humankind as a whole, have adverse consequences for the course of human civilization, or even cause the end of planet earth.
seventh day christian groups are a collection of organizations, movements and churches which all hold that the seventh day of the calendar week is the sabbath of the holy bible as defined by the ten commandments.	seventh day christian groups are a collection of organizations, movements and churches which all hold that the seventh day of the calendar week is the sabbath of the bible as defined by the ten commandments.
the quest aired at the 10 p.m. eastern wednesday slot opposite abc's popular charlie's angels.	the quest aired at the 10 p.m. eastern wednesday slot opposite abc's charlie's angels.
central high school is the second largest high school in traverse city, michigan, serving over 1,300 students each year.	central high school is the second largest high school in traverse city, michigan, with over 1,300 students each year.
featuring an elderly woman with her hair done in the form of a tv antenna, it had a mercifully short existence.	featuring an elderly woman with her hair done in the form of a tv antenna, it had a short existence.
a rising junior, pedro is one of the premier college baseball players in america and is frequently mentioned as a possible top draft pick at the 2008 mlb draft.	a junior, pedro is one of the premier college baseball players in america and is frequently mentioned as a possible top draft pick at the 2008 mlb draft.
one major concept of what constitutes a liberal democracy and what constitutes war is largely attributed to rummel as a result of his work on j. david singers correlates of war project.	one major concept of what constitutes a liberal democracy and what constitutes war is largely attributed to rummel as a result of his work with j. david singers correlates of war project.
among other tracks, the college prepares nurses who may then go on to serve at the massive health complex and supporting facilities that surround the baxter regional medical center located in mountain home.	among other tracks, the college prepares nurses who may then go on to serve at the health complex and supporting facilities that surround the baxter regional medical center located in mountain home.
most manuscripts of the septuagint also include a psalm 151, present in eastern orthodox translations; a hebrew version of this poem was found amongst the dead sea scrolls.	most manuscripts of the septuagint also include a psalm 151, present in eastern orthodox translations; a hebrew version of this poem was found in the psalms scroll of the dead sea scrolls.
some critics have argued that the ybnp is a tool of the bnp to convert young people to their fascist ideology.	some critics have argued that the ybnp is a tool of the bnp to convert young people to a fascist ideology.
a few seminal publications not cited in the references are cited here.	a few publications not cited in the references are cited here.
reward system, for an anatomic basis of psychological egoism.	reward system, for a proposed anatomic basis of psychological egoism.
"nicholas rodney ""nick"" drake (19 june 1948  25 november 1974) was an english singer-songwriter and musician, known for his gentle guitar-based songs."	"nicholas rodney ""nick"" drake (19 june 1948  25 november 1974) was an english singer-songwriter and musician, known for his acoustic guitar-based songs."
her place in pop culture was cemented by her appearances on the amazingly popular game show what's my line?	her place in pop culture was cemented by her appearances on the popular game show what's my line?
the politically-correct entry for hogan's heroes in particular accuses the show of trivializing the suffering of real life pows and the victims of the holocaust with its comedic take on prison camps in the third reich.	the entry for hogan's heroes in particular accuses the show of trivializing the suffering of real life pows and the victims of the holocaust with its comedic take on prison camps in the third reich.
lt. stewart exchanged gunfire with the killer, but was tragically killed with the chp officer's stolen revolver.	lt. stewart exchanged gunfire with the killer, but was killed with the chp officer's stolen revolver.
during barack obama's campaign for president and in the years following his election, many conspiracy theories have been circulated, falsely asserting that he is not a natural-born citizen of the united states and consequently, under article two of the u.s. constitution, is ineligible to be president of the united states.	during barack obama's campaign for president and in the years following his election, many conspiracy theories have been circulated, asserting that he is not a natural-born citizen of the united states and consequently, under article two of the u.s. constitution, is ineligible to be president of the united states.
"at the 2013 golden globes award ceremony, comediennes tina fey and amy poehler made a joke about swift's serial-dating reputation, with fey warning her to ""stay away"" from michael j. fox's son: ""she needs some 'me' time to learn about herself."""	"at the 2013 golden globes award ceremony, comedians tina fey and amy poehler made a joke about swift's serial-dating reputation, with fey warning her to ""stay away"" from michael j. fox's son: ""she needs some 'me' time to learn about herself."""
the romulan neutral zone is established around 2160 or 2161 by the treaty of algeron that ends the earth-romulan war, and is still in effect at the end of star trek nemesis.	the romulan neutral zone is established around 2160 or 2161 by the treaty of algeron which ends the earth-romulan war, and is still in effect at the end of star trek nemesis.
it is also found in nietzsche's classic work thus spoke zarathustra (german: also sprach zarathustra), which is most responsible for popularizing the phrase.	it is also found in nietzsche's work thus spoke zarathustra (german: also sprach zarathustra), which is most responsible for popularizing the phrase.
dj is partners in a complete basketball player program for israelis called ://www.	dj is partners in a complete basketball player program for israelis calledhttp ://www.
"grobbelaar has recently stated that he ""hopes to one day return to anfield as the manager of liverpool fc,"" but with outstanding debt orders in the united kingdom, and the damage to his reputation from the match-fixing allegations, this sadly seems nothing more than wishful thinking on grobbelaar's part."	"grobbelaar has recently stated that he ""hopes to one day return to anfield as the manager of liverpool fc,"" but with outstanding debt orders in the united kingdom, and the damage to his reputation from the match-fixing allegations, this seems nothing more than wishful thinking on grobbelaar's part."
a high-level show programme will be presented against the breathtaking background of the festively illuminated vienna city hall and before an audience of tens of thousands of visitors.	a high-level show programme will be presented against the background of the festively illuminated vienna city hall and before an audience of tens of thousands of visitors.
a liberal time poll reported that two-thirds of those aware of the scandal believe that the republican leadership in congress attempted a cover-up.	a time poll reported that two-thirds of those aware of the scandal believe that the republican leadership in congress attempted a cover-up.
there have been some studies on transcendental meditation but many critics have raised questions about the integrity of the scientists who conducted the studies, and the possible negative effects of transcendental meditation.	there have been some studies on transcendental meditation but critics have raised questions about the integrity of the scientists who conducted the studies, and the possible negative effects of transcendental meditation.
in the view of a few modern right-wing authors, mccarthy's place in history should be reevaluated.	in the view of a few modern authors, mccarthy's place in history should be reevaluated.
on september 29, a devastating political blow to cheney came when new york times reporter judith miller reached an agreement with independent counsel patrick fitzgerald to appear before a grand jury probing the valerie plame leak.	on september 29, a political blow to cheney came when new york times reporter judith miller reached an agreement with independent counsel patrick fitzgerald to appear before a grand jury probing the valerie plame leak.
joke about justice stevens at philander smith college	remark about justice stevens at philander smith college
more accurate measurements taken by space probes such as voyager 2 caused the anomalies to vanish without the need for an extra planet, and the hypothesis was discredited in the 1990s.	more accurate measurements taken by space probes such as voyager 2 caused the anomalies to vanish without the need for an extra planet, and the hypothesis was unsustainable in the 1990s.
unfortunately he lost on points over fifteen rounds.	however, he lost on points over fifteen rounds.
dhul-suwayqatayn (arabic: ) is a group that prophecies by muhammad p.b.u.h say will emerge at the end of time.	dhul-suwayqatayn (arabic: ) is a group that prophecies by muhammad say will emerge at the end of time.
september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks	september 11, 2001 attacks
she was born clara dickey, the daughter of isaac b. and hattie (mudgett) dickey, aboard the willard mudgettan american ship captained by her father ( oddly named after another of her relatives), and docked in hong kong harbor.	she was born clara dickey, the daughter of isaac b. and hattie (mudgett) dickey, aboard the willard mudgettan american ship captained by her father (named after another of her relatives), and docked in hong kong harbor.
a narrow 2-8 to 1-8 victory gave dunne a coveted championship medal.	a narrow 2-8 to 1-8 victory gave dunne a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal.
aalog-alog is a sitcom from the philippines which aired its first episode on abs-cbn, on july 8, 2006. it stars comedienne pokwang and starlet keanna reeves as doa etang and keanna respectively, friends who become feuding neighbors.	aalog-alog is a sitcom from the philippines which aired its first episode on abs-cbn, on july 8, 2006. it stars comedian pokwang and starlet keanna reeves as doa etang and keanna respectively, friends who become feuding neighbors.
oppose: (within libertarians) minarchism, (within anarchists) socialist anarchism, (outside either) statism.	oppose: (within libertarians) minarchism, (within anarchists) traditional anarchism, (outside either) statism.
the beatles were the most influential, groundbreaking and successful popular music group ever .	the beatles were the most influential, groundbreaking and successful popular music group of the rock era .
invesco field controversy	invesco field interview
the film was at the origin of a huge controversy about the policy of flemish state subsidising of films not at least because of the presence of main actress lolo ferrari.	the film was at the origin of a controversy about the policy of flemish state subsidising of films not at least because of the presence of main actress lolo ferrari.
the other most terrible famines of the century included the 19421945 disaster in bengal, famines in china in 1928 and 1942, and a sequence of man-made famines in the soviet union, including the holodomor, stalin's famine inflicted on ukraine in 193233. a few of the great famines of the late 20th century were: the disaster in cambodia in the 1970s, the ethiopian famine of 198385 and the north korean famine of the 1990s.	the other most notable famines of the century included the 19421945 disaster in bengal, famines in china in 1928 and 1942, and a sequence of man-made famines in the soviet union, including the holodomor, stalin's famine inflicted on ukraine in 193233. a few of the great famines of the late 20th century were: the disaster in cambodia in the 1970s, the ethiopian famine of 198385 and the north korean famine of the 1990s.
as part of the cold war struggle for influence in southern africa, the united states joined with the apartheid government of south africa in support of unita, led by the notorious jonas savimbi, against the ultimately victorious angolan forces of the mpla supported by the soviet union and the cuban armed forces.	as part of the cold war struggle for influence in southern africa, the united states joined with the apartheid government of south africa in support of unita, led by the jonas savimbi, against the ultimately victorious angolan forces of the mpla supported by the soviet union and the cuban armed forces.
his father abu-sufyan struggled against islam until muhammad's army occupied mecca in 630.	his father abu-sufyan struggled against islam until muhammad's army entered mecca in 630.
menu, coup and north vietnamese invasion	menu, coup and north vietnamese offensive
"during the conference ""the collapse of europe"" at pepperdine university, ayaan hirsi ali asked for "" economic reform , meaning, to reduce government , where government is unnecessary , and especially the welfare state."""	"during the conference ""the collapse of europe"" at pepperdine university, ayaan hirsi ali asked for ""reform, meaning, to reduce government, where government is unnecessary, and especially the welfare state."""
the first of these competitions was the 1968. the competition is held once every two years to determine the best badminton players in europe.	the first of these competitions was held in 1968. the competition is held once every two years to determine the best badminton players in europe.
controversial sinclair broadcast group operates the largest network of local television stations, reaching about 24% of us households.	sinclair broadcast group operates the largest network of local television stations, reaching about 24% of us households.
richard branson, the virgin entrepreneur is a frequent target for his inefficient train services and his capacity for self publicity.	richard branson, the virgin entrepreneur is a frequent target for his train services and his capacity for self publicity.
a similar form of testing is used by diabetics for monitoring blood sugar levels, which is easily taught and routinely practiced.	a similar form of testing is used by people with diabetes for monitoring blood sugar levels, which is easily taught and routinely practiced.
in this sense, the number 11 has an unstable nature that switches between itself and its sum of two, its an extremely hard number to master, especially for individuals with this life number.	in this sense, the number 11 has an unstable nature that switches between itself and its sum of two, its an hard number to master, especially for individuals with this life number.
it is on the border between palestine and jordan on the jordan rift valley.	it is on the border between the west bank , israel, and jordan on the jordan rift valley.
the overwhelming public sentiment in neutral countries, including germany, france, and the united states, was highly negative.	the overwhelming public sentiment in neutral countries, especially russia, germany, france, and the united states, was highly negative.
claire catherine danes (born april 12, 1979) is an american actress best known for her roles as angela chase in my so-called life, as temple grandin in the hbo television film temple grandin, and as carrie mathison in the showtime series homeland.	claire catherine danes (born april 12, 1979) is an american actress known for her roles as angela chase in my so-called life, as temple grandin in the hbo television film temple grandin, and as carrie mathison in the showtime series homeland.
"proponents of the autism rights movement deride the jigsaw puzzle iconography, stating that metaphors such as ""puzzling"" and ""incomplete"" are harmful to autistic people."	"proponents of the autism rights movement do not support the jigsaw puzzle iconography, stating that metaphors such as ""puzzling"" and ""incomplete"" are harmful to autistic people."
recent improvements to the northern motorway (which have also included a bus expressway) have greatly reduced travel times from the north shore to orewa, while at the same time effectively extending auckland's urban sprawl into southern rodney district.	recent improvements to the northern motorway (which have also included a bus expressway) have greatly reduced travel times from the north shore to orewa, while at the same time extending auckland's urban sprawl into southern rodney district.
realizing that the usa doesn't have the will to see the conflict through to a successful end, the neighboring nation offered to replace them and take the lead in reconstruction and security, after america leaves.	believing that the usa doesn't have the will to see the conflict through to a successful end, the neighboring nation offered to replace them and take the lead in reconstruction and security, after america leaves.
the administration also intends to cancel their outdated green card lottery and chain migration systems by implementing point based system.	the administration also intends to cancel their current green card lottery and chain migration systems by implementing point based system.
"in 1981, he was abducted and shot in the leg by the now-defunct catalan terrorist armed organization terra lliure after signing a manifesto demanding equal rights for native spanish speakers in the catalan school system (which was, at the time, being set up according to the catalan regional government's ""linguistic normalization law"", as approved by its parliament."	"in 1981, he was abducted and shot in the leg by the now-defunct catalan armed organization terra lliure after signing a manifesto demanding equal rights for native spanish speakers in the catalan school system (which was, at the time, being set up according to the catalan regional government's ""linguistic normalization law"", as approved by its parliament."
representatives of the icoc and some reconciliation-minded members of the mainstream churches of christ attended reconciliation meetings at the 2004 abilene christian university lectureships.	representatives of the icoc and some members of the mainstream churches of christ attended reconciliation meetings at the 2004 abilene christian university lectureships.
grayson, who is jewish, apologized to the anti-defamation league for those offended by his generic use of the word 'holocaust'.	grayson, who is jewish, apologized to the anti-defamation league for those offended by his use of the word 'holocaust'.
the third jihad: radical islam's vision for america is a controversial documentary film made by wayne kopping on the subject of radical islam in present day united states.	the third jihad: radical islam's vision for america is a documentary film made by wayne kopping on the subject of radical islam in present day united states.
this section is more a challenge but it also has breathtaking views.	this section is more a challenge but it also has impressive views.
when used irresponsibly , it is known as k, ket, special k, vitamin k (not to be confused with the true vitamin k) and kitty.	when used recreationally , it is known as k, ket, special k, vitamin k (not to be confused with the true vitamin k) and kitty.
she is co- mother of three children with her ex-partner, peta.	she is co- parent of three children with her ex-partner, peta.
erhard seminars training, (usually referred to as est, in lower-case letters) is the name of a hugely popular and sometimes controversial 2-weekend personal-growth workshop which was presented to the general public in the 1970's and 1980's and is also the original name of the organization which developed and produced the course.	erhard seminars training, (usually referred to as est, in lower-case letters) is the name of a popular and sometimes controversial 2-weekend personal-growth workshop which was presented to the general public in the 1970's and 1980's and is also the original name of the organization which developed and produced the course.
earth or the earth (terra) is the planet on which we live, the third outward from the sun, the largest of the solar system's terrestrial planets, and the only planetary body in the solar system that has conditions suitable for life, at least as known to modern science.	earth or the earth (terra) is the planet on which humans live, the third outward from the sun, the largest of the solar system's terrestrial planets, and the only planetary body in the solar system that has conditions suitable for life, at least as known to modern science.
"the progressive media watch group media matters for america has also repeatedly criticized the mrc, charging that they view the media ""through a funhouse mirror that renders everything--even the facts themselves--as manifestations of insidious bias."""	"the liberal media watch group media matters for america has also repeatedly criticized the mrc, charging that they view the media ""through a funhouse mirror that renders everything--even the facts themselves--as manifestations of insidious bias."""
in 1873, the head of the abbey came to an agreement with a parisian cheese-seller granting exclusive rights of distribution, and the cheese soon became enormously popular.	in 1873, the head of the abbey came to an agreement with a parisian cheese-seller granting exclusive rights of distribution, and the cheese soon became popular.
the fact that environment has a significant effect on iq demolishes the case for the use of iq data as a source of genetic information.	the fact that environment has a significant effect on iq undermines the case for the use of iq data as a source of genetic information.
"thus, the term hallelujah would mean ""praise jah"", and this is often mistranslated by use of the term ""lord"" as in ""praise ye the lord"" (psalm 104:35 kjv and footnote)."	"thus, the term hallelujah would mean ""praise jah"", and this is often translated by use of the term ""lord"" as in ""praise ye the lord"" (psalm 104:35 kjv and footnote)."
his best known book is the population bomb, published in 1968. the population bomb was written at the suggestion of david brower, at the time the executive director of the sierra club, following an article ehrlich wrote for the new scientist magazine in december, 1967. in that article, ehrlich erroneously predicted that the world would experience famines sometime between 1970 and 1985 due to population growth outstripping resources, and declared that the battle to feed humanity was over.	his best known book is the population bomb, published in 1968. the population bomb was written at the suggestion of david brower, at the time the executive director of the sierra club, following an article ehrlich wrote for the new scientist magazine in december, 1967. in that article, ehrlich predicted that the world would experience famines sometime between 1970 and 1985 due to population growth outstripping resources, and declared that the battle to feed humanity was over.
the united states supreme court has ruled that this double-whammy does not violate an individual's right to remain silent, and so tax evasion remains a popular method for catching criminals.	the united states supreme court has ruled that this does not violate an individual's right to remain silent, and so tax evasion remains a popular method for catching criminals.
the automobile allowed expansion of the inhabitable locations, as civil engineering tamed the infrastructure requirements.	the automobile allowed expansion of the inhabitable locations, as civil engineering grew to handle the infrastructure requirements.
"conservative commentators such as ann coulter, bill o'reilly and rush limbaugh commonly argue that conservative politicians, particularly ronald reagan and george w. bush, have been unjustly attacked by a liberal media as being ""incompetent"" - this can be understood as an accusation of intellectual snobbery by the media."	"conservative commentators such as ann coulter, bill o'reilly and rush limbaugh commonly argue that conservative politicians, particularly ronald reagan and george w. bush, have been attacked by a liberal media as being ""incompetent"" - this can be understood as an accusation of intellectual snobbery by the media."
gradihna (also known as gradinja) was a serbian ruler of duklja, from 1131 to 1146. radoslav, gradinja's nephew, inherited the throne in 1146. gradinja was grubea's brother.	gradihna (also known as gradinja) was a catholic ruler of duklja, from 1131 to 1146. radoslav, gradinja's nephew, inherited the throne in 1146. gradinja was grubea's brother.
"one of the first newspaper editorials condemning the draconian nature of the bill was from the sunday times in south africa, that warned uganda is in danger of being ""dragged back to the dark and evil days of idi amin""."	"one of the first newspaper editorials condemning the nature of the bill was from the sunday times in south africa, that warned uganda is in danger of being ""dragged back to the dark and evil days of idi amin""."
senna, shaken by this incident, bravely took his 50th career pole position ahead of prost, mansell, alesi, berger and patrese.	senna, shaken by this incident, took his 50th career pole position ahead of prost, mansell, alesi, berger and patrese.
for example, it is used in the popular zip file format and in the unix tool gzip.	for example, it is used in the zip file format and in the unix tool gzip.
the classical political economists adam smith, david ricardo, john say, and john stuart mill published analyses of the production, distribution, and exchange of goods in a capitalist economy that have since formed the basis of study for most contemporary mainstream economists.	the classical political economists adam smith, david ricardo, john say, and john stuart mill published analyses of the production, distribution, and exchange of goods in a capitalist economy that have since formed the basis of study for most contemporary economists.
in addition to impeachment and the whitewater scandal, the clinton white house was the subject of many lesser controversies.	in addition to impeachment and the whitewater scandal, the clinton white house was the subject of many other controversies.
there is currently a coordinated program between undp, unicef, and the ministries of health and education to promote sexual education at a larger scale in rural areas and spread awareness of dangers of female circumcision .	there is currently a coordinated program between undp, unicef, and the ministries of health and education to promote sexual education at a larger scale in rural areas and spread awareness of dangers of female genital cutting .
the sensitive photography was by academy award-winning cinematographer freddie francis.	the photography was by academy award-winning cinematographer freddie francis.
in response, the declaration of bangladesh's independence was proclaimed and defecting bengali military and paramilitary, as well as civilians, started spontaneous resistance against the aggression giving rise to the mukti bahini.	in response, the declaration of bangladesh's independence was proclaimed and bengali military and paramilitary, as well as civilians, started spontaneous resistance against the aggression giving rise to the mukti bahini.
ante paveli (july 14, 1889 december 28, 1959) was the leader and founding member of the croatian nationalist ustae movement in the 1930s and later the leader of the independent state of croatia, a puppet state of nazi germany during world war ii.	ante paveli (july 14, 1889 december 28, 1959) was the leader and founding member of the croatian national socialist/fascist ustae movement in the 1930s and later the leader of the independent state of croatia, a puppet state of nazi germany during world war ii.
obama is a protestant christian whose religious views have evolved in his adult life.	obama is a christian whose religious views have evolved in his adult life.
in their memoirs, jorn and debord addressed a dated metaphor of the landscape as a female body, updating it in the form of a paint-splattered collage of pin-up models.	in their memoirs, jorn and debord addressed a metaphor of the landscape as a female body, updating it in the form of a paint-splattered collage of pin-up models.
the knobloch family sold the car after his passing .	the knobloch family sold the car after his death .
despite relentless provocations by china since 2010s, president benigno simeon aquino iii disagreed on letting have the philippines have nuclear weapons.	despite provocations by china since 2010s, president benigno simeon aquino iii disagreed on letting have the philippines have nuclear weapons.
the holy see was joined by several other nations to thwart efforts to declare abortion as a human right.	the holy see was joined by several other nations to oppose efforts to declare abortion as a human right.
on july 6, 2006, podolski was announced as the first gillette best young player award winner undeservedly .	on july 6, 2006, podolski was announced as the first gillette best young player award winner.
bug triage attempts to manage the flow of bug reports filed against other fedora projects.	bug triage helps to manage the flow of bug reports filed against other fedora projects.
recovery from cults offers practical advice and case studies for those interested in information on new religious movements/cults/sects .	recovery from cults offers advice and case studies for those interested in information on new religious movements/cults/sects .
shsaku end ( end shusaku, march 271923september 291996) was a renowned 20th century japanese author who wrote from the unique perspective of being both japanese and catholic (the population of christians in japan is still less than 1%).	shsaku end ( end shusaku, march 271923september 291996) was a renowned 20th century japanese author who wrote from the unique perspective of being both japanese and catholic (the population of christians in japan is less than 1%).
"gilbert also provided a brilliant version of ""back in n.y.c."""	"gilbert also provided a version of ""back in n.y.c."""
while cuba continues to deny u.s.-made claims that castro is suffering from a terminal cancer, on december 24, 2006, spanish newspaper el peridico de catalunya reported that spanish surgeon jos luis garca sabrido has been flown to cuba on a plane charted by the cuban government.	while cuba continues to deny claims that castro is suffering from a terminal cancer, on december 24, 2006, spanish newspaper el peridico de catalunya reported that spanish surgeon jos luis garca sabrido has been flown to cuba on a plane charted by the cuban government.
in 1982 she published her fictionalized autobiography i, rigoberta mench, ghostwritten by venezuelan-french author and psychologist elizabeth burgos.	in 1982 she published her autobiography i, rigoberta mench, ghostwritten by venezuelan-french author and psychologist elizabeth burgos.
"john maynard keynes, the great economist, as early as 1924, described gold as a ""barbarous relic""."	"john maynard keynes, the influential economist, as early as 1924, described gold as a ""barbarous relic""."
the spina that stood at the center of the chariot racing circuit was still visible then; in modern istanbul, only three of the ancient monuments remain.	the spina that stood at the center of the chariot racing circuit was still visible then; in modern istanbul, three of the ancient monuments remain.
alphonso ii becomes king of asturias.	alfonso ii becomes king of asturias.
many feminists have criticized sadomasochism (bdsm) for eroticizing power and violence, and for reinforcing misogyny (rubin, 1984).	some feminists have criticized sadomasochism (bdsm) for eroticizing power and violence, and for reinforcing misogyny (rubin, 1984).
the kosovo liberation army or kla ( or ) was a kosovar albanian terrorist organization which sought the separation of kosovo from federal republic of yugoslavia in the 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army or kla ( or ) was a kosovar albanian militant organization which sought the separation of kosovo from federal republic of yugoslavia in the 1990s.
people who simply wish to take reasonable precautions to protect themselves from a general threat of criminal activity	people who wish to take reasonable precautions to protect themselves from a general threat of criminal activity
in 1841, his wife was tragically killedrun over by horsesand he became mentally unstable, a condition which remained for the rest of his life.	in 1841, his wife was killedrun over by horsesand he became mentally unstable, a condition which remained for the rest of his life.
there have been several high profile cases in which atheists and agnostics were expelled from the organization for failing to agree to the scout oath.	there have been several high profile cases in which atheists and agnostics were removed from the organization for failing to agree to the scout oath.
the bbc uses an advertising campaign to inform householders of the requirement to pay the licence fee.	the bbc uses an advertising campaign to inform customers of the requirement to pay the licence fee.
"sometimes described as ""the father of modern linguistics,"" chomsky is also a major figure in analytic philosophy and one of the founders of the field of cognitive science."	"sometimes described as ""the founder of modern linguistics,"" chomsky is also a major figure in analytic philosophy and one of the founders of the field of cognitive science."
in the iran-contra affair, united states president ronald reagan's administration secretly sold arms to iran, which was engaged in a bloody war with its neighbor iraq from 1980 to 1988 (see iran-iraq war), and diverted the proceeds to the contra rebels fighting to overthrow the leftist communist sandinista government of nicaragua.	in the iran-contra affair, united states president ronald reagan's administration secretly sold arms to iran, which was engaged in a bloody war with its neighbor iraq from 1980 to 1988 (see iran-iraq war), and diverted the proceeds to the contra rebels fighting to overthrow the leftist democratically-elected sandinista government of nicaragua.
lillian mller (born 19 august 1951 in grimstad, norway ) is a norwegian supermodel and an actress in motion pictures and television.	lillian mller (born 19 august 1951 in grimstad, norway ) is a norwegian model and an actress in motion pictures and television.
conor cruise o'brien ( (known affectionately as 'the cruiser'); born 3 november 1917) is an irish politician, writer and academic.	conor cruise o'brien ( (known as 'the cruiser'); born 3 november 1917) is an irish politician, writer and academic.
"its association with united states' telemundo and brazil's rede globo allows ecuavisa to show excelent telenovelas, such as ""gitanas"" and ""el clon""."	"its association with united states' telemundo and brazil's rede globo allows ecuavisa to show telenovelas, such as ""gitanas"" and ""el clon""."
in the midst of this beautiful landscape there are a number of towns and cities, which serve as the starting and end points of backwater cruises.	in the midst of this landscape there are a number of towns and cities, which serve as the starting and end points of backwater cruises.
she is a member of the prestigious vii photo agency, and has received many photography awards and grants, including the icp infinity award, a hasselblad foundation grant, and the people's choice award at the moscow biennial.	she is a member of the vii photo agency, and has received many photography awards and grants, including the icp infinity award, a hasselblad foundation grant, and the people's choice award at the moscow biennial.
neither the place nor the date of the birth of john knox, thescottish reformer, is settled beyond dispute; but the weightiest considerations favour giffordgate, a suburb of the town of haddington (16 m. e. of edinburgh) as the place, and 1513 or 1514 as the year.	neither the place nor the date of the birth of john knox, the scottish reformer, is settled beyond dispute; but the weightiest considerations favour giffordgate, a suburb of the town of haddington (16 m. e. of edinburgh) as the place, and 1513 or 1514 as the year.
raschke's work involving topics such as satanism, wicca, the history of the occult , and heavy metal music as well as his role in the satanic ritual abuse moral panic of the late 1980s and early 1990s, in particular his 1990 book painted black, have been criticized by a number of academics.	raschke's work involving topics such as satanism, wicca, the history of the esoteric , and heavy metal music as well as his role in the satanic ritual abuse moral panic of the late 1980s and early 1990s, in particular his 1990 book painted black, have been criticized by a number of academics.
"maureen ""little mo"" mitchell (ne slater; previously morgan) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kacey ainsworth."	"maureen ""little mo"" mitchell (ne slater; previously morgan) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kacey ainsworth."
playing against layer fox, john tragically collapsed and died aged just 42, leaving behind daughter karen, three-year-old son scott and wife shirley.	playing against layer fox, john collapsed and died aged just 42, leaving behind daughter karen, three-year-old son scott and wife shirley.
a moronic columnist from the oklahoman criticized it as a possible symbol of racism in an october 2004 column.	a columnist from the oklahoman criticized it as a possible symbol of racism in an october 2004 column.
at-will employment is a creation of american law that defines an	at-will employment is a doctrine of american law that defines an
since the release of the band's self-titled debut album in march 1974, rush has become known for the instrumental virtuosity of its members, complex compositions, and eclectic lyrical motifs drawing heavily on science fiction, fantasy, and libertarian philosophy, as well as addressing humanitarian, social, emotional, and environmental concerns.	since the release of the band's self-titled debut album in march 1974, rush has become known for the instrumental skills of its members, complex compositions, and eclectic lyrical motifs drawing heavily on science fiction, fantasy, and libertarian philosophy, as well as addressing humanitarian, social, emotional, and environmental concerns.
silesian separatism in poland and czech republic.	silesian autonomy in poland and czech republic.
scott is a talented vocalist who infused jazz, r&b, spoken word, and hip hop among other genres to create a distinct style that many refer to as neo soul.	scott is a vocalist who infused jazz, r&b, spoken word, and hip hop among other genres to create a distinct style that many refer to as neo soul.
alexander w. dreyfoos, jr. school of the arts (dsoa) is a prestigious public arts magnet high school located in west palm beach, florida.	alexander w. dreyfoos, jr. school of the arts (dsoa) is a public arts magnet high school located in west palm beach, florida.
as mentioned, resistance in kenya continued post-1895: the nandi revolt of 18951905; the giriama uprising of 19131914; the women's revolt against forced labour in murang'a in 1947; and the kalloa affray of 1950. nor did kenyan protest end with mau mau; in the years that followed, a series of successful non-violent boycotts were carried out.	as mentioned, opposition to british colonialism in kenya continued post-1895: the nandi revolt of 18951905; the giriama uprising of 19131914; the women's revolt against forced labour in murang'a in 1947; and the kalloa affray of 1950. nor did kenyan protest end with mau mau; in the years that followed, a series of successful non-violent boycotts were carried out.
despite the many documented positive impacts that world heritage listing has provided in terms of promoting conservation, the unesco administered scheme has also attracted criticism for under representation of heritage sites outside europe and disputed decisions on site inclusion.	despite the many documented positive impacts that world heritage listing has provided in terms of promoting conservation, the unesco administered project has also attracted criticism for under representation of heritage sites outside europe and disputed decisions on site inclusion.
"it was originally replaced in the 2001 season by israel, but for political reasons, due to its connection with israel and the unfortunate coincidence that the first name of 2001 was ""adolph"" (later retired for similar reasons), this was changed to ivo after the season began, but before it reached the ""i"" storm."	"it was originally replaced in the 2001 season by israel, but for political reasons, due to its connection with israel and the coincidence that the first name of 2001 was ""adolph"" (later retired for similar reasons), this was changed to ivo after the season began, but before it reached the ""i"" storm."
the imac featured current technology and a groundbreaking design.	the imac featured current technology and a unique design.
as it approached the massachusetts coastline on the 21st, a shortwave trough pushed esther southward, saving new england from a major hurricane landfall.	as it approached the massachusetts coastline on the 21st, a shortwave trough pushed esther southward, sparing new england from a major hurricane landfall.
today, capri has become more of a resort and is invaded by tourists during the summer months of july and august.	today, capri has become more of a resort and is visited by tourists during the summer months of july and august.
habilitation is the highest academic qualification a person can achieve by his/her own pursuit in certain european countries.	habilitation is the highest academic qualification a person can achieve by their own pursuit in certain european countries.
to reflect singapore's proud malay heritage, malay is used in the singapore national anthem and in military footdrill commands.	to reflect singapore's malay heritage, malay is used in the singapore national anthem and in military footdrill commands.
they performed horribly during the 2008 election, polling fewer than 500 votes, despite having over 3000 registered members.	they performed poorly during the 2008 election, polling fewer than 500 votes, despite having over 3000 registered members.
"prominent music critics such as stephen thomas erlewine of allmusic have publicly noted that the song is a ""total lift from the rubinoos' song""."	"prominent music critics such as stephen thomas erlewine of allmusic have publicly said that the song is a ""total lift from the rubinoos' song""."
jackie ames was portrayed by tyra banks in the fourth season in only a few episodes.	jackie ames was portrayed by tyra banks in the fourth season in a few episodes.
"he is best known for his role as sawyer nelson in ""dolphin tale"" and the sequel ""dolphin tale 2""."	"he is known for his role as sawyer nelson in ""dolphin tale"" and the sequel ""dolphin tale 2""."
the town and surrounding district were mercilessly attacked with bombs, artillery fire, and chemical weapons, the latter of which proved most devastating.	the town and surrounding district were attacked with bombs, artillery fire, and chemical weapons, the latter of which proved most devastating.
although technically potential burghers, the journeymen were barred from higher positions by the wealthy capitalist families that ran the guilds.	although technically potential burghers, the journeymen were barred from higher positions by the wealthy families that ran the guilds.
however, serious questions about his service record have been raised since 2000, particularly as to whether he fulfilled his obligations.	however, political opponents of the bush administration have raised questions about his service record have been raised since 2000, particularly as to whether he fulfilled his obligations.
he was awarded the prestigious prix goncourt for l'ordre in 1929, and was elected to the french academy in 1968. he directed the nouvelle revue franaise from 1968-1977.	he was awarded the prix goncourt for l'ordre in 1929, and was elected to the french academy in 1968. he directed the nouvelle revue franaise from 1968-1977.
roosevelt invoked the act after italy's invasion of ethiopia in october 1935, preventing all arms and ammunition shipments to both countries.	roosevelt invoked the act after italy's invasion of ethiopia in 1935, preventing all arms and ammunition shipments to both countries.
ayn rand (; born alisa zinov'yevna rosenbaum; march 6, 1982) was a russian-born american novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, who later in her career became an essayist and self-styled philosopher.	ayn rand (; born alisa zinov'yevna rosenbaum; march 6, 1982) was a russian-born american novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, who later in her career became an essayist and a philosopher.
dawkins has openly criticized irrational beliefs in islam such as embryo starts as a blob, semen comes from the spine and the sun sets in a marsh, and even dubbed islam as the most evil religion of modern times.	dawkins has openly criticized irrational beliefs in islam such as embryo starts as a blob, semen comes from the spine and the sun sets in a marsh, and dubbed islam as the most evil religion of modern times.
"white supremacy - the belief that those whose skin color is what is commonly described as being ""white"" (but strangely not the similarly colored ainu people of japan or albino members of non-european stock) are the superior race, or 'master race'."	"white supremacy - the belief that those whose skin color is what is commonly described as being ""white"" (but not the similarly colored ainu people of japan or albino members of non-european stock) are the superior race, or 'master race'."
"some critics held that mascagni, like leoncavallo, was a ""one-opera man"" who could never repeat his first success, but l'amico fritz and iris have been popular in europe since their respective premieres."	"some critics held that mascagni, like leoncavallo, was a ""one-opera man"" who could never repeat his first success, but l'amico fritz and iris have been remained in the repertoire in europe since their respective premieres."
in his speeches, morales presented the coca leaf as a symbol of andean culture that was under threat from the imperialist oppression of the u.s. in his view, the u.s. should deal with their domestic cocaine abuse problems without interfering in bolivia, arguing that they had no right trying to eliminate coca, a legitimate product with many uses which played a rich role in andean culture.	in his speeches, morales presented the coca leaf as a symbol of andean culture that was under threat from the oppression of the u.s. in his view, the u.s. should deal with their domestic cocaine abuse problems without interfering in bolivia, arguing that they had no right trying to eliminate coca, a legitimate product with many uses which played a rich role in andean culture.
before the 2004-05 nba season, nowitzki's best friend steve nash left dallas and returned to the phoenix suns as a free agent after mavericks owner mark cuban refused to match phoenix's offer.	before the 2004-05 nba season, nowitzki's best friend steve nash left dallas and returned to the phoenix suns as a free agent after mavericks owner mark cuban declined to match phoenix's offer.
this peculiar ability proves particularly useful in his partnership with hidan, as hidan's immortality allows him to survive any form of dismemberment and kakuzu only needs to sew him back together to return to fighting readiness.	this particular ability proves particularly useful in his partnership with hidan, as hidan's immortality allows him to survive any form of dismemberment and kakuzu only needs to sew him back together to return to fighting readiness.
on december 3, 2009, abc abruptly placed the show on hiatus until march 4, 2010, explaining the break would allow the show to run the remaining 14 episodes uninterrupted, as well as avoid competition with the 2010 winter olympics.	on december 3, 2009, abc placed the show on hiatus until march 4, 2010, explaining the break would allow the show to run the remaining 14 episodes uninterrupted, as well as avoid competition with the 2010 winter olympics.
reichen lehmkuhl (born december 26, 1973 in cincinnati, ohio) is best known for winning season four of the reality game show the amazing race with his then- boyfriend chip arndt.	reichen lehmkuhl (born december 26, 1973 in cincinnati, ohio) is best known for winning season four of the reality game show the amazing race with his then- partner chip arndt.
he expressly asked for a colour photo by linda eastman of the group sitting with children on a sculpture from alice in wonderland in central park ny, even drawing a picture of it for them, instead receiving the psychedelic blurred red & yellow photo of his head, taken by karl ferris during his performance at the saville theatre, august 27 1967, the day that the theater's owner brian epstein died.	he expressly asked for a colour photo by linda eastman of the group sitting with children on a sculpture from alice in wonderland in central park ny, even drawing a picture of it for them, instead receiving the blurred red & yellow photo of his head, taken by karl ferris during his performance at the saville theatre, august 27 1967, the day that the theater's owner brian epstein died.
later white built a road to the top of the summit and built a house with huge verandahs to take advantage of the spectacular views of brisbane city.	later white built a road to the top of the summit and built a house with huge verandahs to take advantage of the views of brisbane city.
for software developers, the .net framework is one of the most significant changes to the windows platform since its introduction, comparable to the impact of visual basic.	for software developers, the .net framework is one of the significant changes to the windows platform since its introduction, comparable to the impact of visual basic.
"dr. pepper also released a ""heritage"" version of dr. pepper soda in 2009 that was made to the original formula and used real cane sugar instead of hfcs."	"dr. pepper also released a ""heritage"" version of dr. pepper soda in 2009 that was made to the original formula and used cane sugar instead of hfcs."
he made his debut as an actor in the film the life aquatic with steve zissou (2004) as intern #1, and now he is best known for his role as the whiny-voiced young genius, dr. spencer reid in the cbs television show criminal minds.	he made his debut as an actor in the film the life aquatic with steve zissou (2004) as intern #1, and now he is best known for his role as the young genius, dr. spencer reid in the cbs television show criminal minds.
on 21 february, mbapp scored monaco's second goal in the 40th minute with a thunderous half-volley after receiving fabinho's long ball over the opponents' back line (it was his first ever uefa europa league or uefa champions league goal and he became the second youngest french scorer in uefa champions league history behind karim benzema) in the uefa champions league round of 16 first leg match against manchester city, which monaco lost 53. on 5 march, mbapp scored two first-half goals in the 40 ligue 1 home win over fc nantes to bring his ligue 1 career tally to ten goals and become the youngest player in the last 30 years to hit the ligue 1/division 1 ten-career-goals mark.	on 21 february, mbapp scored monaco's second goal in the 40th minute with a half-volley after receiving fabinho's long ball over the opponents' back line (it was his first ever uefa europa league or uefa champions league goal and he became the second youngest french scorer in uefa champions league history behind karim benzema) in the uefa champions league round of 16 first leg match against manchester city, which monaco lost 53. on 5 march, mbapp scored two first-half goals in the 40 ligue 1 home win over fc nantes to bring his ligue 1 career tally to ten goals and become the youngest player in the last 30 years to hit the ligue 1/division 1 ten-career-goals mark.
cornstalk dracaen has beautiful white flowers that are highly fragrant, hence the specific name fragans.	cornstalk dracaen has white flowers that are highly fragrant, hence the specific name fragans.
directv added free speech tv on june 23, 2010, on channel 348.	directv started carrying free speech tv on june 23, 2010, on channel 348.
the venerable companion abdullah ibn ruwahah, the third in charge of the army after zaid and hazrat jafar, then assumed command.	the companion abdullah ibn ruwahah, the third in charge of the army after zaid and hazrat jafar, then assumed command.
on september 17, 2015, it was revealed that sung-kyu will star in a new kbs series, youth express, alongside comedienne kim sook and actor park jaemin.	on september 17, 2015, it was revealed that sung-kyu will star in a new kbs series, youth express, alongside comedian kim sook and actor park jaemin.
"jack lynch, assistant professor of english at rutgers university, claims that correction of ""me and you"" to ""you and i"" as subject leads people to ""internalize the rule that 'you and i' is somehow more proper, and they end up using it in places where they shouldn't such as 'he gave it to you and i' when it should be 'he gave it to you and me.'"""	"jack lynch, assistant professor of english at rutgers university, says that correction of ""me and you"" to ""you and i"" as subject leads people to ""internalize the rule that 'you and i' is somehow more proper, and they end up using it in places where they shouldn't such as 'he gave it to you and i' when it should be 'he gave it to you and me.'"""
"mccarter admitted that if emmert forged the inscription in an attempt to ingratiate himself with thomas by presenting him with a cherokee inscription, his choice of a paleo-hebrew model ""was ironically inept."""	"mccarter remarked that if emmert forged the inscription in an attempt to ingratiate himself with thomas by presenting him with a cherokee inscription, his choice of a paleo-hebrew model ""was ironically inept."""
the hebron massacre refers to the mass murder of sixty-seven jews in 1929 in hebron, then part of the british mandate of palestine, by arabs	the hebron massacre refers to the mass murder of sixty-seven jews in 1929 in hebron, then part of the british mandate of palestine, by arab civilians and policemen incited to violence by false rumors, in 1929.
after their marriage in 1992, he faced a tough challenger, mitt romney, for re-election in 1994 and allowed the fact of romney's mormon faith to be made an issue, bringing the ugly subject of religion back to massachusetts politics for the first time (at least openly) since the days of michael curley.	after their marriage in 1992, he faced a tough challenger, mitt romney, for re-election in 1994 and allowed the fact of romney's mormon faith to be made an issue, bringing the subject of religion back to massachusetts politics for the first time (at least openly) since the days of michael curley.
"in early september 2015, after having been approached by a local constituent at store, rapert posted a tweet that read ""not smart to come up and harass somebody in a parking lot who's carrying a handgun."	"in early september 2015, after having been approached by a local constituent at store, rapert posted a tweet which read ""not smart to come up and harass somebody in a parking lot who's carrying a handgun."
the amendment would have required schools to discuss controversies surrounding scientific topics, and gave the theory of evolution as an example; many people interpreted this to mean that alternative (pseudoscientific, argue opponents), explanations like intelligent design would have to be taught in science classrooms.	the amendment would have required schools to discuss controversies surrounding scientific topics, and gave the theory of evolution as an example; many people interpreted this to mean that alternative (pseudoscientific, argue opponents), theories like intelligent design would have to be taught in science classrooms.
"most potential recruits hear about landmark education corporation's courses through word of mouth (""sharing""), which the company encourages strenuously and repeatedly."	"most potential customers hear about landmark education corporation's courses through word of mouth (""sharing""), which the company encourages strenuously and repeatedly."
8 august: russian aggression	8 august: russian involvement
following this album, malcolm green was unfortunately sacked from the group and noel crombie's percussive duties were expanded to include the drum kit.	following this album, malcolm green was sacked from the group and noel crombie's percussive duties were expanded to include the drum kit.
the port authority has been the subject of significant controversy and some citizen's groups and politicians have campaigned for its disbanding and its powers to be given to the city.	the port authority has been the subject of controversy and some citizen's groups and politicians have campaigned for its disbanding and its powers to be given to the city.
is a notorious 1982 adventure video game developed and published by atari, inc. for the atari 2600 video game console.	is a 1982 adventure video game developed and published by atari, inc. for the atari 2600 video game console.
he is married to maria lcia ribeiro alckmin and is the father of three beautiful children.	he is married to maria lcia ribeiro alckmin and is the father of three children.
steffen iversen (born 10 november 1976) is a norwegian football striker who plays for the norwegian giants rosenborg.	steffen iversen (born 10 november 1976) is a norwegian football striker who plays for the norwegian club rosenborg.
an investigation by samuel mccraken into the particulars of hellman's julia story that was published in commentary in june 1984 reveal that the funeral home in london where hellman said julia's body was sent to did not exist, there was no record that hellman had sailed to england to claim julia's body on the ship she said she had made the transatlantic crossing on, and there was no evidence that julia had lived or died.	an investigation by samuel mccraken into the particulars of hellman's julia story that was published in commentary in june 1984 concluded that the funeral home in london where hellman said julia's body was sent to did not exist, there was no record that hellman had sailed to england to claim julia's body on the ship she said she had made the transatlantic crossing on, and there was no evidence that julia had lived or died.
such a possibility was pointed out by the eminent physicist lev davidovich landau.	such a possibility was pointed out by the physicist lev davidovich landau.
he was cast in peter jackson's film the lovely bones but was unfortunately later replaced by mark wahlberg.	he was cast in peter jackson's film the lovely bones but was later replaced by mark wahlberg.
however if the deposition is performed at too high temperature, an eta phase of a co6w6c tertiary carbide forms at the interface between the carbide and the cobalt phase, facilitating adhesion failure of the coating.	however if the deposition is performed at too high temperature, an eta phase of a co6w6c tertiary carbide forms at the interface between the carbide and the cobalt phase, which may lead to adhesion failure of the coating.
mio and mayu amakura, the beautiful heroines of fatal frame ii: crimson butterfly.	mio and mayu amakura, the heroines of fatal frame ii: crimson butterfly.
consequently, euphoric experiences from illicit drug use are short-lived and often followed by dysphoria which can be severe.	consequently, euphoric experiences from illicit drug use are short-lived and sometimes followed by dysphoria which can be severe.
effigy of guy fawkes, being paraded as part of the barbaric bonfire night rituals in lewes, sussex.	effigy of guy fawkes, being paraded as part of the by the cliffe bonfire society bonfire night rituals in lewes, sussex.
on 24 february 2014, former nccl (liberty) member harman denied allegations that she had supported the notorious child-sex activist group when the nccl was affiliated with the paedophile information exchange (pie).	on 24 february 2014, former nccl (liberty) member harman denied allegations that she had supported the child-sex activist group when the nccl was affiliated with the paedophile information exchange (pie).
in her book, call me crazy, anne claimed that her father molested her during her childhood, giving her herpes; he later disclosed his homosexuality to his family, before dying of aids in 1983. in that same year, anne's older brother nate, who was also an actor, was tragically killed in a freak car accident just a few months before his graduation from high school.	in her book, call me crazy, anne claimed that her father molested her during her childhood, giving her herpes; he later disclosed his homosexuality to his family, before dying of aids in 1983. in that same year, anne's older brother nate, who was also an actor, was killed in a freak car accident just a few months before his graduation from high school.
smith told his followers that he had seen a vision of god the father and jesus christ in spring 1820 in answer to his question of which church he should join.	smith told his followers that he had seen a vision of god the father and jesus christ in spring 1820 in answer to his question of which sect (see denomination) he should join.
it refers to the concept of a phoenix rising from the ashes of the celtic tiger, which ended with the 20082013 economic downturn and related banking crisis.	it refers to the concept of a phoenix rising from the ashes of the celtic tiger, which ended with the post -2008 irish economic downturn and related banking crisis.
"on the other hand, the word ""woman"" (from wfman, grammatically feminine ) replaced wf as the word for female person."	"on the other hand, the word ""woman"" (from wfman, grammatically masculine ) replaced wf as the word for female person."
in 2004, with a writing partner, darren stein, they co-created a property for a development deal with touchstone/abc.	in 2004, with a writing partner, darren stein, they co-created a drama entitled the flyover states for a development deal with touchstone/abc.
"body integrity identity disorder (biid, also referred to as amputee identity disorder ) is a condition wherein sufferers feel they would be happier living as an amputee, or being ""transabled."""	"body integrity identity disorder (biid, also referred to as amputee identity disorder ) is a psychological disorder wherein sufferers feel they would be happier living as an amputee, or being ""transabled."""
the bloomsbury campus also contains eight halls of residence and senate house, which houses the senate house library, the chancellor's official residence and the school of slavonic and east european studies, now part of university college london (ucl) and housed in its own splendid new building.	the bloomsbury campus also contains eight halls of residence and senate house, which houses the senate house library, the chancellor's official residence and the school of slavonic and east european studies, now part of university college london (ucl) and housed in its own new building.
this track featured acoustic guitars, close harmony vocals, glockenspiel, pastoral piano and wonderful lyrics.	this track featured acoustic guitars, close harmony vocals, glockenspiel, pastoral piano and lyrics.
"contrary to initial sceptisim particularly in poland, the start of the war by german nazis with hitler's invasion in poland was explicitely and elaborately mentioned by the exhibition of the centre against expulsions this fall in the berlin ""kronprinzenpalais""."	"contrary to initial skepticism, particularly in poland, the start of the war by german nazis with hitler's invasion in poland was explicitely and elaborately mentioned by the exhibition of the centre against expulsions this fall in the berlin ""kronprinzenpalais""."
early in his adult life, he moved to barnstable, massachusetts, a picturesque town on cape cod.	early in his adult life, he moved to barnstable, massachusetts, a town on cape cod.
personal experiences from steroid abusers	personal experiences from steroid users
a fraction of palestinians remained within israel's borders following the nakba and are the largest group of arabic-speaking and culturally arab citizens of israel.	a fraction of palestinians remained within israel's borders following the 1948 arabisraeli war and are the largest group of arabic-speaking and culturally arab citizens of israel.
expresses the belief of many muslims that the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy exemplifies how islamophobia has become acceptable in the west .	expresses the belief of many muslims that the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy exemplifies ther perception among some muslims that islamophobia has become acceptable in the west .
lewis played a prominent role in the announcement of the death of diana, princess of wales on sunday 31 august 1997. he was called into the bbc in the early hours of that fateful morning to present short national bulletins about the car accident in paris.	lewis played a prominent role in the announcement of the death of diana, princess of wales on sunday 31 august 1997. he was called into the bbc in the early hours of that morning to present short national bulletins about the car accident in paris.
the july 12, 2007 baghdad airstrikes were executed by two united states army ah-64 apache helicopters in the district of new baghdad during the occupation of iraq.	the july 12, 2007 baghdad airstrikes were carried out by two united states army ah-64 apache helicopters in the district of new baghdad during the occupation of iraq.
"additionally, the 2004 election saw an intense media campaign from the christian-oriented conservative family first party, including a television advertisement labelling the greens the ""extreme greens""."	"additionally, the 2004 election saw an intense media campaign from the socially conservative family first party, including a television advertisement labelling the greens the ""extreme greens""."
a few years after her husband's passing in 1974, corday's friend clint eastwood offered her a chance to return to filmmaking with a role in his 1977 film the gauntlet.	a few years after her husband's death in 1974, corday's friend clint eastwood offered her a chance to return to filmmaking with a role in his 1977 film the gauntlet.
"avril ramona lavigne (born september 27, 1984) is a canadian pop punk singer, songwriter and actress who is well known for her faux ""skater punk"" persona."	"avril ramona lavigne (born september 27, 1984) is a canadian pop punk singer, songwriter and actress who is well known for her ""skater punk"" persona."
the most violent occurred on may 2, 1946 when a failed escape attempt by six prisoners led to the so-called battle of alcatraz.	the most violent occurred on may 2, 1946 when a failed escape attempt by six prisoners led to the battle of alcatraz.
used for: specifies what is the name of the entity that the logo identifies, if different than the article name	used for: specifies what is the name of the entity that the logo identifies, if different from the article name
"fiona collins noted in turning the page: children's literature in performance and the media that while burningham's book is open ended, with emily ultimately left alone to contemplate her grandfather's passing , the film offers a less ""stark"" interpretation; his death is explored through her implied remembrance of him in the final scene."	"fiona collins noted in turning the page: children's literature in performance and the media that while burningham's book is open ended, with emily ultimately left alone to contemplate her grandfather's death , the film offers a less ""stark"" interpretation; his death is explored through her implied remembrance of him in the final scene."
kahn has said that the video would not have been as great without megan fox's appearance.	kahn has said that the video would not have been as powerful without megan fox's appearance.
the neon was offered in numerous versions and several configurations over its production life, which thankfully ended on september 23, 2005.	the neon was offered in numerous versions and several configurations over its production life, which ended on september 23, 2005.
a 2007 study by hitwise, reproduced in time, found that visitors to wikipedia are almost equally split 50/50 male/female, but that 60% of edits are made by male editors.	a 2007 study by hitwise, reproduced in time, claimed that visitors to wikipedia are almost equally split 50/50 male/female, but that 60% of edits are made by male editors.
the studio had big plans for her, hoping to mold her as a replacement for the studio's out-of-control leading female star, marilyn monroe.	the studio had big plans for her, hoping to mold her as a replacement for the studio's leading female star, marilyn monroe.
given the impressive view and the fact that the hill overlooked the site where the confederate navy yard had operated, it was once planned to erect a memorial to robert e. lee on libby hill.	given the expansive view and the fact that the hill overlooked the site where the confederate navy yard had operated, it was once planned to erect a memorial to robert e. lee on libby hill.
"the bokeh produced by this lens is creamy smooth, with some mild ""onion ring"" lens artifacts present in demanding situations."	"the bokeh produced by this lens is smooth, with some mild ""onion ring"" lens artifacts present in demanding situations."
on june 26, 2007, far-right commentator ann coulter was the guest when elizabeth edwards, wife of then-democratic presidential candidate john edwards, made a surprise (per coulter afterwards) call to the program.	on june 26, 2007, conservative commentator ann coulter was the guest when elizabeth edwards, wife of then-democratic presidential candidate john edwards, made a surprise (per coulter afterwards) call to the program.
the fable and its negative version	the fable and its alternate version
huffman is a unique community consisting largely of subdivisions, scattered farms, apartments, and small businesses.	huffman is a community consisting largely of subdivisions, scattered farms, apartments, and small businesses.
after the downfall of a neverending dream, bad boy will be the last single released in the uk from the first album.	after the disappointing performance of a neverending dream, bad boy will be the last single released in the uk from the first album.
time is the continuous progress of existence and events that occur in apparently irreversible succession from the past through the present to the future.	time is the continuous sequence of existence and events that occur in apparently irreversible succession from the past through the present to the future.
furthermore, it and its subsequent series have enjoyed general critical acclaim as being vastly superior to the original.	furthermore, it and its subsequent series have enjoyed general critical acclaim as being superior to the original.
although it has been rumoured that it connects to some secret underground transport system, this is not the case.	although it has been rumoured that it connects to some secret underground transport system, this is unlikely to be the case.
headline acts have included comedienne jo brand, twin town director kevin allen, poet john hegley, comedian phil kay and hollywood actor rhys ifans	headline acts have included comedian jo brand, twin town director kevin allen, poet john hegley, comedian phil kay and hollywood actor rhys ifans
amiram was married to israela weinstein (1947-2006) since 1967 until her premature death in 2006. goldblum married again in august 2012 at camden city hall, london (idit amihai, head of museums and public galleries sections at the ministry of culture and sports of the israeli government)	amiram was married to israela weinstein (1947-2006) since 1967 until her death in 2006. goldblum married again in august 2012 at camden city hall, london (idit amihai, head of museums and public galleries sections at the ministry of culture and sports of the israeli government)
in 2010 he completed a fascinating documentary about the eccentric portrait photographer mike disfarmer which premiered on tv ontario.	in 2010 he completed a documentary about the eccentric portrait photographer mike disfarmer which premiered on tv ontario.
ivo siromahov is a prominent bulgarian writer, humorist and scriptwriter.	ivo siromahov is a bulgarian writer, humorist and scriptwriter.
ankit fadia (born 1985) is an awful independent computer security consultant from india.	ankit fadia (born 1985) is an independent computer security consultant from india.
paul michael levesque (born july 27 1969) is an iconic american professional wrestler, better known by the ring name, triple h, an abbreviation of his former moniker, hunter hearst helmsley (also abbreviated to hhh).	paul michael levesque (born july 27 1969) is an american professional wrestler, better known by the ring name, triple h, an abbreviation of his former moniker, hunter hearst helmsley (also abbreviated to hhh).
robert fripp, andy summers, russell mills, harold budd, jon hassell and david sylvian are remarkable artists whose past and present works are regarded as ambient (in some cases new age).	robert fripp, andy summers, russell mills, harold budd, jon hassell and david sylvian are artists whose past and present works are regarded as ambient (in some cases new age).
they won their group while portugal only came in third in theirs.	they won their group while portugal came in third in theirs.
he travelled france in the company of a band of thieves and prostitutes , before becoming the warm-up act to a travelling charlatan; he would swallow corks, stones, live animals and a whole basketful of apples.	he travelled france in the company of a band of thieves and full service sex workers , before becoming the warm-up act to a travelling charlatan; he would swallow corks, stones, live animals and a whole basketful of apples.
december 20 spanish prime minister luis carrero blanco is assassinated in madrid by the terrorist organization eta.	december 20 spanish prime minister luis carrero blanco is assassinated in madrid by the separatist organization eta.
jewish forces overcome arab militants	jewish forces overcome arab forces
louis does not enjoy speaking publicly about his music or any of his unbelievable past capers and rarely grants interviews .	louis does not enjoy speaking publicly about his music or any of his past capers and rarely grants interviews .
in a study of bias in palestinian and zionist sources dealing with the nakba , steven glazer lists a number of early zionist historians and writers, notably joseph schechtman, leo kohn, jon kimche and maria syrkin, who considered that:	in a study of bias in palestinian and zionist sources dealing with the original situation of palestinian refugees , steven glazer lists a number of early zionist historians and writers, notably joseph schechtman, leo kohn, jon kimche and maria syrkin, who considered that:
german paramedics used intravenous catheters and lines that were not compatible with the international standard used by the americans, creating more confusion at the worst time.	german paramedics used intravenous catheters and lines that were not compatible with the international standard used by the americans, creating more confusion at the time.
feminazi (also spelled femi-nazi or femme-nazi) is an invective, or derogatory, neologism, used predominantly in the united states and canada by politically conservative talk-show hosts to characterize radical or militant feminists who are alleged to be intolerant of opposing views.	feminazi (also spelled femi-nazi or femme-nazi) is an invective, or derogatory, neologism, used predominantly in the united states and canada by politically conservative talk-show hosts to characterize radical or militant feminists who are perceived to be intolerant of opposing views.
unfortunately the autographs, the greek manuscripts written by the original authors, have not survived.	the autographs, the greek manuscripts written by the original authors, have not survived.
minor parties include the australian democrats, a party of middle-class centrists; the australian greens, a radical left wing and environmentalist party; one nation, a populist anti-immigration party; and the family first party, a party appealing to conservative christians.	minor parties include the australian democrats, a party of middle-class centrists; the australian greens, a left wing and environmentalist party; one nation, a populist anti-immigration party; and the family first party, a party appealing to conservative christians.
"media matters for america describes itself as ""a web-based, not-for-profit, progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting perceived conservative misinformation in the u.s."	"media matters for america describes itself as ""a web-based, not-for-profit, progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the u.s."
critical approaches to schizophrenia (from credible sources)	critical approaches to schizophrenia (from non-scientologist sources)
"some other orthodox jewish communities, including some who oppose zionism, have denounced neturei karta's activities; according to the guardian, ""even among charedi, or ultra-orthodox circles, the neturei karta are regarded as a wild fringe""."	"some mainstream orthodox jewish communities, including some who oppose zionism, have denounced neturei karta's activities; according to the guardian, ""even among charedi, or ultra-orthodox circles, the neturei karta are regarded as a wild fringe""."
dwight-englewood has many athletics programs, including boy's and girl's lacrosse, football, and a prestigious golf team.	dwight-englewood has many athletics programs, including boy's and girl's lacrosse, football, and a golf team.
the enigma suit raised serious issues regarding indigenous people's participation and compensation in the commoditizing of their cultures and traditions .	the enigma suit raised issues regarding indigenous people's participation and compensation in the commoditizing of their cultures and traditions .
hot rocks 1964-1971 is the first compilation album of rolling stones music released by former manager allen klein's abkco records (who usurped control of the band's decca/london material in 1970) after the band's departure from decca and klein.	hot rocks 1964-1971 is the first compilation album of rolling stones music released by former manager allen klein's abkco records (who gained control of the band's decca/london material in 1970) after the band's departure from decca and klein.
it does not utilize any digital restrictions management scheme, but by the nature of the container, it is thought that drm can be applied to alac much the same way it can with other files in quicktime containers.	it does not utilize any digital rights management scheme, but by the nature of the container, it is thought that drm can be applied to alac much the same way it can with other files in quicktime containers.
other roles include the short-lived series hooperman and cop rock.	other roles include the series hooperman and cop rock.
the cia has been linked to several assassination attempts on foreign leaders, including the dictator of cuba, fidel castro.	the cia has been linked to several assassination attempts on foreign leaders, including the president of cuba, fidel castro.
the villa emo, an impressive 16th century mansion or villa by andrea palladio.	the villa emo, an 16th century mansion or villa by andrea palladio.
paul robin krugman (; born february 28, 1953) is an american liberal economist, columnist and author.	paul robin krugman (; born february 28, 1953) is an american economist, columnist and author.
"their first single to attract triple j airplay was the humorous ""scallops"" in 2001, a song about ordering food at a take-away shop."	"their first single to attract triple j airplay was the ""scallops"" in 2001, a song about ordering food at a take-away shop."
"the famous norwegian writer hans e. kinck lived in strandebarm for many years, and is said to have used the village as setting and inspiration for his novel den nye kapellanen (""the new vicar"")."	"the norwegian writer hans e. kinck lived in strandebarm for many years, and is said to have used the village as setting and inspiration for his novel den nye kapellanen (""the new vicar"")."
during the unrest, crimea was annexed by the russian federation after a crisis and highly disputed referendum there.	during the unrest, crimea was annexed by the russian federation after a crisis and disputed referendum there.
this legendary song is unique because it features prince in a comedic sketch as well as jill jones.	this song is unique because it features prince in a comedic sketch as well as jill jones.
alongside winchester college, harrow school, monmouth school, eton college, dulwich college and radley college, it is one of a select number of independent boarding schools in britain that remain for boys only.	alongside winchester college, harrow school, monmouth school, eton college, dulwich college and radley college, it is one of a small number of independent boarding schools in britain that remain for boys only.
afterwards, hughes discarded version b and restored the film to its original ending and wisely screened the film in states where the censors have not affected them, thus leading to bona-fide box office status and positive critical reviews.	afterwards, hughes discarded version b and restored the film to its original ending and screened the film in states where the censors have not affected them, thus leading to bona-fide box office status and positive critical reviews.
iambic pentameter is one of the most powerful measures in english and german poetry.	iambic pentameter is one of the most commonly used measures in english and german poetry.
"a ""liberal"" theory asserts that imperial policies are the products of particular elected politicians (e.g."	"a ""liberal"" theory says that imperial policies are the products of particular elected politicians (e.g."
after emperor constantine legalized and formalized the christianity of the time in the roman empire, the newly recognized catholic church sought to unify and clarify its theology.	after emperor constantine legalized and formalized the christianity of the time in the roman empire, the newly recognized christian church sought to unify and clarify its theology.
the buckley school is a prestigious college preparatory day school, founded in 1933 by isabelle buckley.	the buckley school is a college preparatory day school, founded in 1933 by isabelle buckley.
free press blog save the internet subsequently featured it, leading the video to ratchet over 500,000 views.	free press blog save the internet subsequently featured it, leading the video to ratchet 500,000 views.
her ending in mk4 (which fortunately never occurred canonically) demonstrates her alignment of evil.	her ending in mk4 (which never occurred canonically) demonstrates her alignment of evil.
halo: combat evolved fps with an incredible space opera story line.	halo: combat evolved fps with an especially dramatic space opera story line.
randall terry (born 1959) is a controversial conservative religious extremist in the united states.	randall terry (born 1959) is a controversial conservative religious figure in the united states.
"from 1971 to 1990 aesthetic realism was best known for publicizing statements by those who claimed they had ""changed from homosexuality"" by studying aesthetic realism."	"from 1971 to 1990 aesthetic realism was best known for publicizing statements by those who stated they had ""changed from homosexuality"" by studying aesthetic realism."
critics remain astonishingly defensive about the masterpieces of this period, wrote robert d. hume as late as 1976. over the last few decades, that statement has finally become untrue, as restoration comedy has been acknowledged a rewarding subject for high theory analysis and wycherley's the country wife, long branded the most obscene play in the english language, has become something of an academic favourite.	critics remain astonishingly defensive about the masterpieces of this period, wrote robert d. hume as late as 1976. over the last few decades, that statement has become untrue, as restoration comedy has been acknowledged a rewarding subject for high theory analysis and wycherley's the country wife, long branded the most obscene play in the english language, has become something of an academic favourite.
in may 2011 the bbi were massacred by the conservatives with 14 of the remaining 18 boston bypass independents losing their seats.	in may 2011 the bbi were defeated by the conservatives with 14 of the remaining 18 boston bypass independents losing their seats.
she lives in paris where she married guillaume cochin, a famous french architect.	she lives in paris where she married guillaume cochin, a french architect.
the great seljuq empire was a medieval turkish empire established by the qynyq branch of oghuz turks	the great seljuq empire was a medieval sunni muslim empire established by the qynyq branch of oghuz turks
this production was presented at the goodspeed opera house, running from july 2005 through september 24, 2005, where sean palmer returned as tony and jessica grov took over the role of polly after meredith patterson was sadly unable to do the role due to scheduling conflicts with her new role in irving berlin's white christmas.	this production was presented at the goodspeed opera house, running from july 2005 through september 24, 2005, where sean palmer returned as tony and jessica grov took over the role of polly after meredith patterson was unable to do the role due to scheduling conflicts with her new role in irving berlin's white christmas .
john belushi, christopher guest, and chevy chase were just a few of the megastars who got their start in national lampoons ground breaking live production of lemmings.	john belushi, christopher guest, and chevy chase were just a few of the performers who got their start in national lampoons ground breaking live production of lemmings.
since most existing legally binding international human rights instruments do not explicitly mention sexual and reproductive rights, a broad coalition of ngos, civil servants, and experts working in international organizations has been promoting successfully a reinterpretation of those instruments to link the realization of the already internationally recognized human rights with the realization of reproductive rights.	since most existing legally binding international human rights instruments do not explicitly mention sexual and reproductive rights, a broad coalition of ngos, civil servants, and experts working in international organizations has been promoting a reinterpretation of those instruments to link the realization of the already internationally recognized human rights with the realization of reproductive rights.
the first headmaster was dr j h higginson, a career educator, rather than just another head teacher, who wrote a fascinating book on the establishment of the school, entitled a school is born, (isbn 0-86332-199-2 - published 1987) which covered many aspect of what was quite an advanced school for its day.	the first headmaster was dr j h higginson, a career educator, rather than just another head teacher, who wrote a book on the establishment of the school, entitled a school is born, (isbn 0-86332-199-2 - published 1987) which covered many aspect of what was quite an advanced school for its day.
center|spanish possessions in morocco .	center|spanish possessions in north africa .
the founder of independent egypt saad zaghloul (1859-august 23, 1927) was a great politician who served in many ministries of the egyptian government, and was imprisoned by the british in malta, but returned to egypt to complete the revolution in 1919. zaghloul then was able to make the sultan of egypt (later king) fuad i convince the british to give egypt independence with a friendly british-egyptian relationship and in 1922, egypt was proclaimed an independent kingdom, the kingdom of egypt with saad zaghloul as its prime minister.	the founder of independent egypt saad zaghloul (1859-august 23, 1927) was a politician who served in many ministries of the egyptian government, and was imprisoned by the british in malta, but returned to egypt to complete the revolution in 1919. zaghloul then was able to make the sultan of egypt (later king) fuad i convince the british to give egypt independence with a friendly british-egyptian relationship and in 1922, egypt was proclaimed an independent kingdom, the kingdom of egypt with saad zaghloul as its prime minister.
a beautiful red-haired journalist who in the pilot is living at home.	a red-haired journalist who in the pilot is living at home.
one of his albums, polynesian percussion, featured some fine instrumental work by his brother-in-law guitarist alvino rey, and buddy cole playing a console guitar, and novachord, as well as another fifteen-plus odd percussion instruments producing some unique sounds.	one of his albums, polynesian percussion, featured some instrumental work by his brother-in-law guitarist alvino rey, and buddy cole playing a console guitar, and novachord, as well as another fifteen-plus odd percussion instruments producing some unique sounds.
the bakery owners claimed , however, that the costs of meeting the new regulations would put them out of business.	the bakery owners said , however, that the costs of meeting the new regulations would put them out of business.
"the article compared cockburn with the widely-reviled author david irving, because they had a friend in common: ""it is always of interest to see alexander cockburn and david irving, who has actually been convicted of holocaust denial in a court of law, sharing the same affections."""	"the article compared cockburn with the controversial author david irving, because they had a friend in common: ""it is always of interest to see alexander cockburn and david irving, who has actually been convicted of holocaust denial in a court of law, sharing the same affections."""
pure ella is an ella fitzgerald cd released by mca records in 1994. she is remarkably accompanied by pianist ellis larkins.	pure ella is an ella fitzgerald cd released by mca records in 1994. she is accompanied by pianist ellis larkins.
lily monica donaldson (born 27 january 1987) is a british supermodel .	lily monica donaldson (born 27 january 1987) is a british model .
in fact, none had been lost to enemy action.	in fact, none had been lost to hostile action.
the tree in front of the bungalow is famously known as the sullivan's oak.	the tree in front of the bungalow is known as the sullivan's oak.
the nicene creed confronts the beliefs of other early christians which the council regarded as heretical.	the nicene creed directly addresses the beliefs of other early christians which the council regarded as heretical.
saartjie baartman (1789-1815) was the most famous of at least two hottentot women who were exhibited as sideshow attractions in 19th century europe under the name hottentot venus.	saartjie baartman (1789-1815) was the most famous of at least two khoikhoi women who were exhibited as sideshow attractions in 19th century europe under the name hottentot venus.
the alliance defense fund established the day of truth to oppose the promotion of same-sex marriage legalization and to express their viewpoint on homosexuality from a right-wing christian perspective.	the alliance defense fund established the day of truth to oppose the promotion of same-sex marriage legalization and to express their viewpoint on homosexuality from a christian perspective.
liberia currently has an approximate 85% unemployment rate, the worst in the world.	liberia currently has an approximate 85% unemployment rate, the highest in the world.
the hawkeyes have competed in the big ten conference since 1900, and are currently a division i football bowl subdivision (fbs) member of the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa).	the hawkeyes have participated in the big ten conference since 1900, and are currently a division i football bowl subdivision (fbs) member of the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa).
the soviet union was a single party state ruled by the communist party from its foundation until 1990. even though the ussr was technically a union of 15 independent soviet republics, its government and economy was highly centralized.	the soviet union was a single party state ruled by the communist party from its foundation until 1990. even though the ussr was technically a union of 15 regional soviet republics, its government and economy was highly centralized.
ward was noted for building software tools for his needs; hewrote a cassette based operating system before floppies and hard drives were common.	ward was noted for building software tools for his needs; he wrote a cassette based operating system before floppies and hard drives were common.
each narrator's text is printed in a distinct font, making it easier for the reader to follow the occasionally incoherent format of the novel.	each narrator's text is printed in a distinct font, making it easier for the reader to follow the occasionally challenging format of the novel.
"john williams is quoted as having justly referred to antonio lauro as being the ""strauss of the guitar""."	"john williams is quoted as having referred to antonio lauro as being the ""strauss of the guitar""."
he is the author of several mediocre essays in ethics and moral philosophy.	he is the author of several essays in ethics and moral philosophy.
so the above-mentioned mabo case would then be cited like this: mabo v queensland (no 2) 1992 hca 23.	so the above-mentioned case would then be cited like this: mabo v queensland (no 2) 1992 hca 23.
this lack of influence from other peoples enabled the development and flourishing of japan's unique arts and culture.	this lack of influence from other peoples enabled the development and flourishing of japan's arts and culture.
apart from these works, he has authored glossaries on the upanishads, first three chapters of rig veda (called mantramanjari) and bhagvad gita.	apart from these works, he has authored commentaries on the upanishads, first three chapters of rig veda (called mantramanjari) and bhagvad gita.
irving's status as a historian has been widely discredited	irving's status as a historian has been widely criticised
april earned a bachelor of arts degree in english from the university of wisconsin-madison in 1977. she became majority stockholder, president, and ceo of arkham house in 1994. she remained in that capacity until her passing .	april earned a bachelor of arts degree in english from the university of wisconsin-madison in 1977. she became majority stockholder, president, and ceo of arkham house in 1994. she remained in that capacity until her death .
topel lee is an acclaimed filipino film director, tv director and music video director known for excellent cinematography in his movies and his strong female characters.	topel lee is an acclaimed filipino film director, tv director and music video director known for the cinematography in his movies and his strong female characters.
the church emphasizes the sacred nature of the temple ceremony and a desire not to promote any confusion between it and a non-temple marriage .	the church cites the sacred nature of the temple ceremony and a desire not to promote any confusion between it and a non-temple marriage .
"east asians are also negatively stereotyped (or orientalized) as having straight dark (or shiny ""blue"") hair usually styled in a ""bowl cut"" (boys) or with straight overgrown bangs (girls)."	"east asians are also stereotyped (or orientalized) as having straight dark (or shiny ""blue"") hair usually styled in a ""bowl cut"" (boys) or with straight overgrown bangs (girls)."
the story begins with god's decision to bring a deluge which will wipe out all life on earth except for those to be saved on noah's ark.	the narrative begins with god's decision to bring a deluge which will wipe out all life on earth except for those to be saved on noah's ark.
he is one of only a handful of boxers whose careers spanned four decades; his final record was an astonishing 185 wins, 23 losses, 11 draws and 1 no contest, with 131 official knockouts.	he is one of only a handful of boxers whose careers spanned four decades; his final record was an extraordinary 185 wins, 23 losses, 11 draws and 1 no contest, with 131 official knockouts.
protestants to differing degrees affirm portions of these dogmata, and often rely on sect -specific 'statements of faith' which summarize their chosen dogmata (see, e.g., eucharist).	protestants to differing degrees affirm portions of these dogmata, and often rely on denomination -specific 'statements of faith' which summarize their chosen dogmata (see, e.g., eucharist).
because features gorgeous three-part harmonies by john, paul and george which were then triple tracked to sound like nine singers.	because features three-part harmonies by john, paul and george which were then triple tracked to sound like nine singers.
however, while self-avowed liberals or freethinkers may find some permissive congregations in which to practice their beliefs, conservatives and more orthodox believers can also be found in large numbers in other congregations.	however, while self-avowed liberals or freethinkers may find some appropriate congregations in which to practice their beliefs, conservatives and more orthodox believers can also be found in large numbers in other congregations.
the capitulum is considered the most evolved form of inflorescence.	the capitulum is considered the most derived form of inflorescence.
ana ivanovi (serbian: , ana ivanovi, , born november 6, 1987, in belgrade, serbia, then yugoslavia) is a beautiful serbian professional tennis player, who is the world number one as of june 9, 2008, the first serb and second yugoslav woman (after monika sele) to achieve this.	ana ivanovi (serbian: , ana ivanovi, , born november 6, 1987, in belgrade, serbia, then yugoslavia) is a serbian professional tennis player, who is the world number one as of june 9, 2008, the first serb and second yugoslav woman (after monika sele) to achieve this.
"media matters for america describes itself as ""a web-based, not-for-profit, liberal research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the u.s."	"media matters for america describes itself as ""a web-based, not-for-profit, progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the u.s."
as the attacks continued, the sanctuary's founder, wallace swett, was forced to resign the position of president.	as the controversy continued, the sanctuary's founder, wallace swett, was forced to resign the position of president.
"iq critic william h. tucker concludes in a 1997 article that, ""a comparison of his twin sample with that from other well documented studies, however, leaves little doubt that he committed fraud."""	"iq critic william h. tucker claims in a 1997 article that, ""a comparison of his twin sample with that from other well documented studies, however, leaves little doubt that he committed fraud."""
"the road to serfdom (german: der weg zur knechtschaft) is a book written between 1940 and 1943 by austrian british economist and philosopher friedrich von hayek, in which the author ""warns of the danger of tyranny that inevitably results from government control of economic decision-making through central planning."""	"the road to serfdom (german: der weg zur knechtschaft) is a book written between 1940 and 1943 by austrian british economist and philosopher friedrich hayek, in which the author ""warns of the danger of tyranny that inevitably results from government control of economic decision-making through central planning."""
the rare haul) was erected in 1896, displaying - with ill- concealed erotic allusions - a fisherman struggling to get hold of a mermaid in his net.	the rare haul) was erected in 1896, displaying - with barely concealed erotic allusions - a fisherman struggling to get hold of a mermaid in his net.
dr. hansen was elected to the national academy of sciences in 1995 and he received the prestigious heinz environment award for his research on global warming in 2001 along with many others .	dr. hansen was elected to the national academy of sciences in 1995 and he received the heinz environment award for his research on global warming in 2001 along with many others .
the corporals killings is the name commonly given to the murder of two british army soldiers of the royal corps of signals, corporals david howes and derek wood, on march 19 1988. the soldiers were abducted and beaten by irish republicans, after they drove into the funeral of provisional irish republican army volunteers killed in a loyalist attack.	the corporals killings is the name commonly given to the killing of two british army soldiers of the royal corps of signals, corporals david howes and derek wood, on march 19 1988. the soldiers were abducted and beaten by irish republicans, after they drove into the funeral of provisional irish republican army volunteers killed in a loyalist attack.
it is claimed that by focusing on the end goals and holding on to her principles she could overcome the hardships she had endured.	it is said that by focusing on the end goals and holding on to her principles she could overcome the hardships she had endured.
unfortunately in spring 2011, american express and product red no longer allow online applications and they are scaling down on advertising.	in spring 2011, american express and product red no longer allow online applications and they are scaling down on advertising.
a dismal remake of the film was released in 2006.	a remake of the film was released in 2006.
religion of consumerism is a somewhat cynical or derogatory phrase used by some (authors) who have observed the global dominance of consumerism and its harmful social and environmental consequences.	religion of consumerism is a somewhat cynical or derogatory phrase used by some (authors) who have observed the global dominance of consumerism and its negative social and environmental consequences.
during his father's 2008 presidential campaign, paul's outspoken, freedom-oriented views were widely disseminated.	during his father's 2008 presidential campaign, paul's outspoken, conservative views were widely disseminated.
elle macpherson (; born 29 march 1964) is an australian supermodel , actress, and businesswoman.	elle macpherson (; born 29 march 1964) is an australian model , actress, and businesswoman.
avahi contains a high-quality implementation of ipv4ll in the avahi-autoipd tool.	avahi contains a implementation of ipv4ll in the avahi-autoipd tool.
neuchtel has several museums, including the latnium, an archeology museum focusing on the prehistorical times in the region of neuchtel and hauterive, particularly the la tne culture; the men, an ethnography museum; the flagship muse dart et dhistoire, esplanade lopold-robert, and its star attractions, the astonishing automates jaquet-droz (jaquet-droz mechanical figurines) are also notable.	neuchtel has several museums, including the latnium, an archeology museum focusing on the prehistorical times in the region of neuchtel and hauterive, particularly the la tne culture; the men, an ethnography museum; the flagship muse dart et dhistoire, esplanade lopold-robert, and its star attractions, the automates jaquet-droz (jaquet-droz mechanical figurines) are also notable.
"gamergate refers to the controversy around a harassment campaign orchestrated primarily through the use of the twitter hashtag typically styled ""#gamergate"", concerning issues of sexism and progressivism in video game culture."	"gamergate refers to the controversy around a misogynistic and sexist campaign orchestrated primarily through the use of the twitter hashtag typically styled ""#gamergate"", concerning issues of sexism and progressivism in video game culture."
apple claims it is the world's first 64-bit smartphone.	apple says it is the world's first 64-bit smartphone.
he was remarkably versatile, switching easily from broad comedy as in the party, to more intense performances, as in lolita, principally in the role of clare quilty, a doppelgnger for the film's (and novel's) principal pedophilic protagonist, humbert humbert.	he was remarkably versatile, switching easily from broad comedy as in the party, to more intense performances, as in lolita, principally in the role of clare quilty, a doppelgnger for the film's (and novel's) principal protagonist, humbert humbert.
"in william shakespeare's famous play romeo and juliet, epithets are used in the prologue, used in ""star-cross'd lovers"" and ""death-mark'd love."""	"in william shakespeare's play romeo and juliet, epithets are used in the prologue, used in ""star-cross'd lovers"" and ""death-mark'd love."""
bla bartk and henry cowell met in december 1923. early the next year, the great hungarian composer wrote cowell to ask whether he might adopt tone clusters without causing offense.	bla bartk and henry cowell met in december 1923. early the next year, the hungarian composer wrote cowell to ask whether he might adopt tone clusters without causing offense.
moreover, bad boy and death row, who were the elite labels on their respective coasts in 1996, had lost their top recording acts due to the senseless violence.	moreover, bad boy and death row, who were the elite labels on their respective coasts in 1996, had lost their top recording acts due to the violence.
"coaching arema fc for only 6 months and he was voted by the famous soccer news website, goal.com, as ""the best coach 20112012"" of indonesian premier league as he brought arema fc to go through to the quarter final of afc cup 2012 and make the country proud."	"coaching arema fc for only 6 months and he was voted by the soccer news website, goal.com, as ""the best coach 20112012"" of indonesian premier league as he brought arema fc to go through to the quarter final of afc cup 2012 and make the country proud."
hustler tv is an american premium adult pay-per-view service available through satellite, video on demand and digital cable.	hustler tv is an american adult pay-per-view service available through satellite, video on demand and digital cable.
in 2003, tuck was resoundingly re-elected with 61% of the vote.	in 2003, tuck was re-elected with 61% of the vote.
the iso has involved itself in building a number of local and national activist efforts.	the iso has involved itself in a number of local and national activist efforts.
it serves as a gap filler to provide free legal services to texas residents who may not qualify for services from texas rio grande legal aid, lone star legal aid, legal aid of northwest texas, or disability rights texas.	it serves as a gap filler to provide legal services to texas residents who may not qualify for services from texas rio grande legal aid, lone star legal aid, legal aid of northwest texas, or disability rights texas.
"the name haxe (pronounced hex, although the authors of the only published book on the language pronounce it ""hacks"" ) was chosen because it is short, simple, and ""has an x inside"", which the author claims is necessary to make any new technology a success."	"the name haxe (pronounced hex, although the authors of the only published book on the language pronounce it ""hacks"" ) was chosen because it is short, simple, and ""has an x inside"", which the author asserts, with apparent humor, is necessary to make any new technology a success."
roberto alomar, former baseball great	roberto alomar, former baseball player, mlb all-star
it has relied on donations, legacies and money raised from activities and commercial operations for income and thankfully it has been supported by a friends group and many volunteers and schools without whom it simply could not manage.	it has relied on donations, legacies and money raised from activities and commercial operations for income and it has been supported by a friends group and many volunteers and schools without whom it simply could not manage.
his colorful and violent career as an outspoken abolitionist in a slave-holding region included owning and publishing the true american, an antislavery newspaper in lexington, kentucky (moved to cincinnati, ohio after an attack by a racist mob).	his colorful and violent career as an outspoken abolitionist in a slave-holding region included owning and publishing the true american, an antislavery newspaper in lexington, kentucky (moved to cincinnati, ohio after an attack by a mob).
though convincing , menzies' hypotheses have found little support among mainstream historians.	though popular , menzies' hypotheses have found little support among mainstream historians.
ultimate (often incorrectly called ultimate frisbee in reference to the trademarked brand name) is a non-contact competitive team game played with a 175 gram flying disc.	ultimate (often called ultimate frisbee in reference to the trademarked brand name) is a non-contact competitive team game played with a 175 gram flying disc.
tripos (bcpl) legacy code finally removed	tripos (bcpl) legacy code removed
for the second edition, published in 1539, calvin dropped this format in favour of systematically presenting the main doctrines from scripture .	for the second edition, published in 1539, calvin dropped this format in favour of systematically presenting the main doctrines from the bible .
nametermappointed by sovereign chosen by prime minister	nametermappointed by sovereign advised by prime minister
noted canadian artist christian corbet is 2nd cousin 6 times removed of denys corbet.	canadian artist christian corbet is 2nd cousin 6 times removed of denys corbet.
the second taiwan strait crisis, also called the 1958 taiwan strait crisis, was a domestic conflict that took place between the peoples republic of china (p.r.c.)	the second taiwan strait crisis, also called the 1958 taiwan strait crisis, was a conflict that took place between the peoples republic of china (p.r.c.)
"the mayor, played brilliantly by cleavon little, pulls a gun on himself and in a faux southern voice says, ""hold it!"	"the mayor, played by cleavon little, pulls a gun on himself and in a faux southern voice says, ""hold it!"
for this, they wore ku klux klan masks, deliberately taking on a potent symbol years after the klan had been suppressed in the south by president grant's use of the force acts.	for this, they wore ku klux klan masks, deliberately taking on a potent symbol years after the klan had been suppressed in the south by president grant's use of the enforcement acts.
the advertising campaign is occasionally criticised by persnickety customers and media personae.	the advertising campaign is occasionally criticised by customers and media personae.
the solo play consisted of a story plot, great techno music, and roughly 20 levels.	the solo play consisted of a story plot, acclaimed techno music, and roughly 20 levels.
in january 2015, tory-controlled leicestershire county council announced that the museum would be closed and the land sold for housing.	in january 2015, leicestershire county council announced that the museum would be closed and the land sold for housing.
to avoid future snows from becoming disasters, mayor reed has decided to hire an emergency manager for the city, in hopes of coordinating a more regional response, although it is unclear if conservative suburban counties with a long-time antipathy toward the city will accept such an outreach.	to avoid future snows from becoming disasters, mayor reed has decided to hire an emergency manager for the city, in hopes of coordinating a more regional response, although it is unclear if suburban counties with a long-time antipathy toward the city will accept such an outreach.
bobby performs with his ensemble the omega iii, he is also an accomplished songwriter and solo performer.	bobby performs with his ensemble the omega iii, he is also an experienced songwriter and solo performer.
northern ireland hosted their first ever dtl home international and british open in 2006 at culbann c.p.c, ballynease, county derry .	northern ireland hosted their first ever dtl home international and british open in 2006 at culbann c.p.c, ballynease, county londonderry .
during the rebel period, a cotton plantation and processing plant just outside the city was destroyed.	during the conflict period, a cotton plantation and processing plant just outside the city was destroyed.
cannabis remains technically illegal in the vast majority of the world's countries.	cannabis remains illegal in the vast majority of the world's countries.
in 1986, the rnc tried to have 31,000 voters, most of them black, removed from the rolls in louisiana when a party mailer was returned.	in 1986, the rnc tried to have 31,000 voters, most of whom happened to be black, removed from the rolls in louisiana when a party mailer was returned.
biggest fansite in english	fansite in english
notably, ghaleb majadale, who in january 2007 became the first arab to be appointed as a minister in the israeli cabinet, sparked a controversy when he publicly refused to sing the anthem, stating that the song was written for jews only.	notably, ghaleb majadale, who in january 2007 became the first muslim to be appointed as a minister in the israeli cabinet, sparked a controversy when he publicly refused to sing the anthem, stating that the song was written for jews only.
branden has since rejected certain elements of the objectivist philosophy, particularly its cognitivist view of psychology, and his memoirs chronicle many of the emotionally repressive elements of rand, some of which he argues show up in her fiction.	branden has since rejected certain elements of the objectivist philosophy, particularly its cognitivist view of psychology, and his memoirs chronicle many of what he charges to be emotionally repressive elements of rand, some of which he argues show up in her fiction.
the incident at aramoana saw the police request mobilisation of the sas, but the incident was successfully resolved by the armed offenders squad before they were required.	the incident at aramoana saw the police request mobilisation of the sas, but the incident was resolved by the armed offenders squad before they were required.
ninety-five percent of hiram students live in the college's eleven residence halls and eat their meals on campus.	ninety-five percent of hiram students live in the college's six residence halls and eat their meals on campus.
he/she may also serve as the coach of the team.	the manager may also serve as the coach of the team.
"outside the music industry, jennings was also known as the voice of the narrator on the popular television series ""the dukes of hazzard"" and its predecessor, the 1975 film, ""moonrunners""."	"outside the music industry, jennings was also known as the voice of the narrator on the television series ""the dukes of hazzard"" and its predecessor, the 1975 film, ""moonrunners""."
danny tarkanian, unlv basketball player and son of legendary runnin' rebels coach jerry tarkanian	danny tarkanian, unlv basketball player and son of runnin' rebels coach jerry tarkanian
the most lasting controversy of calvin's life involves his role in the execution of michael servetus, the spanish physician and heretical theologian.	the most lasting controversy of calvin's life involves his role in the execution of michael servetus, the spanish physician and theologian.
praying indian is a 17th century term referring to native americans of new england, new york, ontario, and quebec who were converted to christianity.	praying indian is a 17th century term referring to native americans of new england, new york, ontario, and quebec who had converted to christianity.
in one of the most infamous examples of standard's monopolistic practices, a rival oil association decided to build an oil pipeline, hoping to overcome the virtual boycott imposed on standard's competitors.	in one of the most infamous examples of standard's agressive practices, a rival oil association decided to build an oil pipeline, hoping to overcome the virtual boycott imposed on standard's competitors.
"regardless, the nickname ""sir bob"" has stuck and media reports continue to refer to him erroneously as ""sir bob geldof""."	"regardless, the nickname ""sir bob"" has stuck and media reports continue to refer to him as ""sir bob geldof""."
all men desire satisfaction for their desires of satisfation-- along with a host of other human needs and wants, namely basic living means such as food and shelter, but also satisfaction of other bodily needs such as physical and mental stimulation as to release tension, satisfy hormones, and avoid discomfort.	all people desire satisfaction for their desires of satisfation-- along with a host of other human needs and wants, namely basic living means such as food and shelter, but also satisfaction of other bodily needs such as physical and mental stimulation as to release tension, satisfy hormones, and avoid discomfort.
other comparisons indicate that the us system performs better on some measures, such as responsiveness and higher cure rates for some serious illnesses such as cancer.	other comparisons conclude that the us system performs better on some measures, such as responsiveness and higher cure rates for some serious illnesses such as cancer.
while hiking out, he encountered a family of three on vacation from the netherlands who gave him water and two oreos .	while hiking out, he encountered a family of three on vacation from the netherlands who gave him water and two oreo cookies .
the song is a beautiful ballad that clocks in at 5:11 making it the third longest recording on the album.	the song is a ballad that clocks in at 5:11 making it the third longest recording on the album.
arnona is a neighborhood in southern jerusalem, israel situated between the neighborhoods of talpiot and ramat rachel.	arnona is a neighborhood in southern jerusalem, situated between the neighborhoods of talpiot and ramat rachel.
while wheat is the most common base for flour, corn flour has been important in mesoamerican cuisine since ancient times, and remains a staple throughout the americas.	while wheat is the most common base for flour, maize flour has been important in mesoamerican cuisine since ancient times, and remains a staple throughout the americas.
he was also extremely dubious of the claim that mikhail gorbachev was trying to liberalize the soviet union and that lithuania should not prevent him from doing so.	he was also extremely dubious of the view that mikhail gorbachev was trying to liberalize the soviet union and that lithuania should not prevent him from doing so.
anarchists argue for a total abolition of oppression , with most anarchists (including proponents of left anarchism, social anarchism and anarchist communism) opposing capitalism on the grounds that it entails social domination (through inequalities of wealth), involuntary relations and coercive hierarchy (through the perceived pressure on individuals to engage in wage labour).	anarchists argue for a total abolition of the state , with most anarchists (including proponents of left anarchism, social anarchism and anarchist communism) opposing capitalism on the grounds that it entails social domination (through inequalities of wealth), involuntary relations and coercive hierarchy (through the perceived pressure on individuals to engage in wage labour).
he threatened to veto the king day bill but recanted only after congress passed it with an overwhelming veto-proof majority (338 to 90 in the house of representatives and 78 to 22 in the senate)	he threatened to veto the king day bill but recanted after congress passed it with an overwhelming veto-proof majority (338 to 90 in the house of representatives and 78 to 22 in the senate)
the segment featured star debaters from walbrook high school and their coach angelo brooks .	the segment featured debaters from walbrook high school and their coach angelo brooks.
the only lysanias mentioned in profane history as exercising authority in this district was executed in 36 bc by mark antony.	the only lysanias mentioned in secular history as exercising authority in this district was executed in 36 bc by mark antony.
the most outstanding are ciudad victoria, the capital of the state of tamaulipas, the capital city of victoria de durango, tamazula de victoria and ciudad guadalupe victoria in the state of durango, guadalupe victoria in the state of puebla, victoria city and victoria county, in the united states; the frigate arm victoria (f-213) and general guadalupe victoria international airport.	the most prominent are ciudad victoria, the capital of the state of tamaulipas, the capital city of victoria de durango, tamazula de victoria and ciudad guadalupe victoria in the state of durango, guadalupe victoria in the state of puebla, victoria city and victoria county, in the united states; the frigate arm victoria (f-213) and general guadalupe victoria international airport.
the daily mirror is a british left-wing tabloid daily newspaper.	the daily mirror is a british tabloid daily newspaper.
joanie was an unabashed communist radical who sang songs of class warfare while hypocritically traveling in a limousine and charging outrageous performance fees to impoverished orphans.	joanie was an unabashed communist radical who sang songs of class warfare while traveling in a limousine and charging outrageous performance fees to impoverished orphans.
baucau also has a hospital, a nursing school and a beautiful swimming pool owned by the pousada de baucau.	baucau also has a hospital, a nursing school and a swimming pool owned by the pousada de baucau.
the united states claimed that it vetoed the resolution because it did not include an explicit condemnation of hamas terrorism.	the united states stated that it vetoed the resolution because it did not include an explicit condemnation of hamas terrorism.
gamebooks are sometimes called choose your own adventure books or cyoa after the influential choose your own adventure series originally published by us company bantam books.	gamebooks are sometimes called choose your own adventure books or cyoa after the choose your own adventure series originally published by us company bantam books.
she has also anchored many hit music programmes on tv.	she has also anchored many music programmes on tv.
"genesis purports that noah, the first ""husbandman"" (farmer), was also the first to cultivate the vine and make wine."	"genesis indicates that noah, the first ""husbandman"" (farmer), was also the first to cultivate the vine and make wine."
sasha pivovarova (, born january 21, 1985) is a russian supermodel and artist.	sasha pivovarova (, born january 21, 1985) is a russian model and artist.
the law defined certain semi-automatic weapons as assault weapon: certain models, such as the colt ar-15, tec-9, all kalashnikovs (including the ak-47), uzi, and others were banned by name; other firearms were banned for having certain functional features:	the law defined certain semi-automatic weapons as assault weapon: certain models, such as the colt ar-15, tec-9, all kalashnikovs (including the ak-47), uzi, and others were banned by name; other firearms were banned for having certain features:
nina wadia (born 1968): british-indian comedienne and television actress, currently and most notably from eastenders.	nina wadia (born 1968): british-indian comedian and television actress, currently and most notably from eastenders.
this principle finds expressions in such lethal concepts as the , but in aikido it generally describes the elevated notion of moving together rather than clashing.	this principle finds expressions in such lethal concepts as the , but in aikido it generally describes the notion of moving together rather than clashing.
it was the first case which provided an opportunity to overturn roe since the two most liberal justices, william brennan and thurgood marshall, were replaced with the bush-appointed justices david souter and clarence thomas.	it was the first case which provided an opportunity to overturn roe since the two liberal justices, william brennan and thurgood marshall, were replaced with the bush-appointed justices david souter and clarence thomas.
north korean propaganda sources claim that approximately 35,000 people were killed by american military forces and other supporters during the course of 52 days, which would have been about a quarter of the population of sinchon.	north korean sources claim that approximately 35,000 people were killed by american military forces and other supporters during the course of 52 days, which would have been about a quarter of the population of sinchon.
ricardo alarcn de quesada (born 21 may 1937) is a cuban statesman .	ricardo alarcn de quesada (born 21 may 1937) is a cuban politician .
"in a particularly disturbing ruling in united states v. cruikshank, he struck down the enforcement act, ruling that ""the very highest duty of the states, when they entered into the union under the constitution, was to protect all persons within their boundaries in the enjoyment of these 'unalienable rights with which they were endowed by their creator.'"	"in a particularly notable ruling in united states v. cruikshank, he struck down the enforcement act, ruling that ""the very highest duty of the states, when they entered into the union under the constitution, was to protect all persons within their boundaries in the enjoyment of these 'unalienable rights with which they were endowed by their creator.'"
sir jean iii de grailly, captal de buch kg (d. paris, 7 september 1376), son of jean ii de grailly, captal de buch, vicomte de benauges, and blanch de foix, was a cousin of the counts of foix and a renowned military leader in the hundred years' war who was praised by the chronicler jean froissart as an ideal of chivalry.	sir jean iii de grailly, captal de buch kg (d. paris, 7 september 1376), son of jean ii de grailly, captal de buch, vicomte de benauges, and blanch de foix, was a cousin of the counts of foix and a military leader in the hundred years' war who was praised by the chronicler jean froissart as an ideal of chivalry.
franois maurice adrien marie mitterrand (; 26 october 1916 8 january 1996) was a french statesman who was president of france from 1981 to 1995. he was the longest-serving french president and, as leader of the socialist party, the first figure from the left elected president under the fifth republic.	franois maurice adrien marie mitterrand (; 26 october 1916 8 january 1996) was a french politician who was president of france from 1981 to 1995. he was the longest-serving french president and, as leader of the socialist party, the first figure from the left elected president under the fifth republic.
it is a polite custom to wear poppies on remembrance sunday.	it is a custom to wear poppies on remembrance sunday.
the 1970 season ended tragically with the crash of southern airways flight 932 on november 14, which killed all 75 people aboard, including 37 players and six coaches.	the 1970 season ended with the crash of southern airways flight 932 on november 14, which killed all 75 people aboard, including 37 players and six coaches.
as of this writing, to develop for nintendo wii, xbox 360, or playstation 3 requires an sdk license fee of between $2,000 and $10,000 usd, in addition to yearly developer fees and profit cuts, although development for xbox live indie games only requires a us$99/year creators club membership and microsoft takes only 30% of sales.	as of this writing, to develop for nintendo wii, xbox 360, or playstation 3 requires an sdk license fee of between $2,000 and $10,000 usd, in addition to yearly developer fees and profit cuts, although development for xbox live indie games only requires a us$99/year creators club membership and microsoft takes 30% of sales.
is a respected german chess grandmaster, chess writer, and papyrologist.	is a german chess grandmaster, chess writer, and papyrologist.
in his early years, he was also very successful in hillclimbing.	in his early years, he was also successful in hillclimbing.
at the same time, positive reforms were made in state education including self-management, increased use of technology and greater emphasis on literacy and numeracy skills.	at the same time, reforms were made in state education including self-management, increased use of technology and greater emphasis on literacy and numeracy skills.
there are air force project blue book documents indicating that a three-man team was sent from an air force radar-installation near pittsburgh to investigate the kecksburg crash .	there are air force project blue book documents indicating that a three-man team was sent from an air force radar-installation near pittsburgh to investigate the kecksburg incident .
he is best known for his 1996 biography and new york times best seller hogan published in 1996, the story of one of the most complex and fascinating athletes of the 20th century and his new york times bestseller the masters: golf, money, and power in augusta, georgia published in 1998.	he is best known for his 1996 biography and new york times best seller hogan published in 1996, the story of one of the most complex and notable athletes of the 20th century and his new york times bestseller the masters: golf, money, and power in augusta, georgia published in 1998.
ost troops frequently provided valuable anti-partisan duties, freeing up regular german forces for front line service.	ost troops frequently provided anti-partisan duties, freeing up regular german forces for front line service.
after playing dr. anna del amico for just one season, maria bello was simply not a part of the ensemble cast when season 5 began.	after playing dr. anna del amico for one season, maria bello was simply not a part of the ensemble cast when season 5 began.
the monument also consists of 234 ornately carved pillars, nine domes, and 20,000 murtis and statues of hinduisms great sadhus, devotees, and acharyas.	the monument also consists of 234 ornately carved pillars, nine domes, and 20,000 murtis and statues of hinduisms sadhus, devotees, and acharyas.
he attended various local public elementary schools before being accepted to the prestigious iolani school with a scholarship.	he attended various local public elementary schools before being accepted to the iolani school with a scholarship.
"sebring was brutally murdered by charles ""tex"" watson in 1969. according to the 2010 book star: how warren beatty seduced america by peter biskind, the screenwriter towne based the character on beverly hills hairdresser gene shacove."	"sebring was murdered by charles ""tex"" watson in 1969. according to the 2010 book star: how warren beatty seduced america by peter biskind, the screenwriter towne based the character on beverly hills hairdresser gene shacove."
published in 1998, yergin and stanislaw have been roundly criticized for failing to foresee and take account of problems that were in the making at the time.	published in 1998, yergin and stanislaw have been criticized for failing to foresee and take account of problems that were in the making at the time.
in computer security, a sandbox is a security mechanism for safely running programs.	in computer security, a sandbox is a security mechanism for separating running programs.
only nine all-rookie team members have won both the rookie of the year award and the most valuable player award (mvp) during their careers.	nine all-rookie team members have won both the rookie of the year award and the most valuable player award (mvp) during their careers.
the consequence of his brothels in the north was to prompt the christian rulers of the peninsula into an alliance against him (c. 1000).	the consequence of his battles in the north was to prompt the christian rulers of the peninsula into an alliance against him (c. 1000).
she was awarded a wildcard into the 2013 apia international sydney but had a disspointing first round loss to kimiko date-krumm 46 16. dellacqua was given a tricky draw at the 2013 australian open where she had to play young american madison keys who was bringing form and confidence into the match.	she was awarded a wildcard into the 2013 apia international sydney but had a first round loss to kimiko date-krumm 46 16. dellacqua was given a tricky draw at the 2013 australian open where she had to play young american madison keys who was bringing form and confidence into the match.
it was at its worst in central and eastern europe, which had more than seven million jews in 1939. about five million jews were killed there, including three million in occupied poland, and over one million in the soviet union.	it was at its height in central and eastern europe, which had more than seven million jews in 1939. about five million jews were killed there, including three million in occupied poland, and over one million in the soviet union.
at each amputation, rabbi amnon was again given the opportunity to convert, which he refused heroically .	at each amputation, rabbi amnon was again given the opportunity to convert, which he refused.
on 20 september 2011, oxlade-chamberlain scored his first goal for arsenal in the 58th minute of a league cup match against shrewsbury town, with a cracking drive from 25 yards.	on 20 september 2011, oxlade-chamberlain scored his first goal for arsenal in the 58th minute of a league cup match against shrewsbury town, with a drive from 25 yards.
"usually this inappropriate nickname for the higgs boson is attributed to leon lederman, the author of the book the god particle: if the universe is the answer, what is the question?, but the name is the result of the insistence of lederman's publisher: lederman had originally intended to refer to it as the ""goddamn particle""."	"usually this nickname for the higgs boson is attributed to leon lederman, the author of the book the god particle: if the universe is the answer, what is the question?, but the name is the result of the insistence of lederman's publisher: lederman had originally intended to refer to it as the ""goddamn particle""."
cleary filled the custodian spot well and also proved himself an accurate goal-kicker, ably filling in for ridge on both counts and helping many to 4th place and a finals berth where they were bundled out 4-16 by the brisbane broncos in the qualifying final.	cleary filled the custodian spot well and also proved himself an accurate goal-kicker, filling in for ridge on both counts and helping many to 4th place and a finals berth where they were bundled out 4-16 by the brisbane broncos in the qualifying final.
he was allegedly converted to the gospel by alma the younger and his missionary companion amulek.	he was converted to the gospel by alma the younger and his missionary companion amulek.
sonora suckers have a fusiform body, with large heads and somewhat chubby figures.	sonora suckers have a fusiform body, with large heads and chubby figures.
the second part, beginning at matthew 1:18, relates the virgin birth of jesus.	the second part, beginning at matthew 1:18, establishes the doctrine of the virgin birth of jesus.
bilabial !!alveolar!	labial !!alveolar!
after the revelation of the revolutionary controller, kojima showed interest and excitement about its possibilities and later stated that he will be making a game to utilize its features specifically for the wii.	after the revelation of the controller, kojima showed interest and excitement about its possibilities and later stated that he will be making a game to utilize its features specifically for the wii.
sadly storfors lost the two legged promotion play-offs with skellefte aik 1-3 on aggregate and missed out on promotion to division 2.	however, storfors lost the two legged promotion play-offs with skellefte aik 1-3 on aggregate and missed out on promotion to division 2.
it is governed by the partially-recognized landlocked country republic of kosovo which has effective control over the majority of the state.	it is governed by the partially-recognized landlocked republic of kosovo which has effective control over the majority of the state.
bugsy's (preceded the olive & orange and closed in 1990 - had a dunking machine and great import specials on thursday's)	bugsy's (preceded the olive & orange and closed in 1990 - had a dunking machine and import specials on thursday's)
although whitman did not consider the poem to be among his best works, it is compared in both effect and quality to several masterpieces of english literature, including elegies such as john miltons lycidas (1637) and percy bysshe shelleys adonas (1821).	although whitman did not consider the poem to be among his best works, it is compared in both effect and quality to several acclaimed works of english literature, including elegies such as john miltons lycidas (1637) and percy bysshe shelleys adonas (1821).
the comic's obsession with scatological topics and using other people's art at first generated outrage in ascii art community , although later this attitude changed .	the comic's preponderance with scatological topics and using other people's art at first generated outrage in ascii art community , although later this attitude changed .
because taiwan is domestically not yet united with china and has no consensus on the direction towards china, the taiwanese government has no basis for negotiations with china.	because taiwan is domestically not united with china and has no consensus on the direction towards china, the taiwanese government has no basis for negotiations with china.
israeli jets bomb the pflp-gc base in naameh, lebanon, a few miles outside beirut, wounding two terrorists , in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit kiryat shmona.	israeli jets bomb the pflp-gc base in naameh, lebanon, a few miles outside beirut, wounding two people , in retaliation for a rocket attack that hit kiryat shmona.
as it was explained by unesco in the press-release, it was because of a deep concern about the then allegations of sexual abuse involving youths and children that had been leveled at sathya sai baba by his critics.	as it was explained by unesco in the press-release, it was because of a deep concern about the then claims of sexual abuse involving youths and children that had been leveled at sathya sai baba by his critics.
also, rhydian has made a recording on the 'songs of praise' programme, which will be broadcast on bbc1 at 4.55pm on sunday 22nd february and he has recorded his own tv special for s4c which is due to be aired over the easter period.	also, roberts has made a recording on the 'songs of praise' programme, which will be broadcast on bbc1 at 4.55pm on sunday 22nd february and he has recorded his own tv special for s4c which is due to be aired over the easter period.
}}trevor mcgregor steven (born berwick-upon-tweed, england, september 21 1963) was a highly-regarded england footballer who shot to fame with the moderately successful everton side of the 1980s.	}}trevor mcgregor steven (born berwick-upon-tweed, england, september 21 1963) was a highly-regarded england footballer who shot to fame with the successful everton side of the 1980s.
in february 2015, the leading independent russian newspaper novaya gazeta reported that it obtained documents which showed that russia's government developed a strategy for invading and breaking up ukraine even before viktor yanukovych was removed from power.	in february 2015, the leading independent russian newspaper novaya gazeta claimed that it obtained documents which showed that russia's government developed a strategy for invading and breaking up ukraine even before viktor yanukovych was removed from power.
during the same time, public morals concerning sexual matters were affected negatively by the discovery of hiv and aids, reverting social changes of the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s.	during the same time, public morals concerning sexual matters were affected by the discovery of hiv and aids, reverting social changes of the sexual revolution of the 1960s and 1970s.
these works continue to be performed frequently in christian worship because of their short length (about 3 minutes each) and ease of performance compared to the undoubtedly authentic preludes and fugues of j.s.	these works continue to be performed frequently in christian churches because of their short length (about 3 minutes each) and ease of performance compared to the undoubtedly authentic preludes and fugues of j.s.
sadly the church is no longer open for worship and is now in the care of friends of friendless churches .	the church is no longer open for worship and is now in the care of friends of friendless churches .
november 1 marcia wallace, actress and comedienne (the bob newhart show and the simpsons) (died 2013)	november 1 marcia wallace, actress and comedian (the bob newhart show and the simpsons) (died 2013)
in one direction or another, the way out of this impasse may depend on the extent that the united states government shows a willingness or otherwise to support the united nations' ideological decolonization efforts at the expense of the current territorial integrity of american samoa.	in one direction or another, the way out of this impasse may depend on the extent that the united states government shows a willingness or otherwise to support the united nations' decolonization efforts at the expense of the current territorial integrity of american samoa.
"snopes debunks the statement that gore claimed to ""invent"" the internet"	"snopes attempts to debunk the statement that gore claimed to ""invent"" the internet"
gotti grew up in the italian-american rough neighborhood of howard beach, a section of queens, new york and attended new york military academy.	gotti grew up in the italian-american neighborhood of howard beach, a section of queens, new york and attended new york military academy.
lj initially directed most of its attacks against the innocent pakistani shia muslim community.	lj initially directed most of its attacks against the pakistani shia muslim community.
groups that favor restricting access to pornography and other content they deem inappropriate have strongly criticised krug's stands on these issues.	groups that favor restricting access to pornography and content they deem inappropriate have strongly criticised krug's stands on these issues.
this was the third murder of an elected representative in the republic of ireland (previously the irish free state) since its independence.	this was the third execution of an elected representative in the republic of ireland (previously the irish free state) since its independence.
one intriguing feature of the makefile for xv6 is the option to produce a pdf of the entire source code listing in a readable format.	one feature of the makefile for xv6 is the option to produce a pdf of the entire source code listing in a readable format.
margaret eleanor atwood, cc (born november 18, 1939) is a major canadian writer.	margaret eleanor atwood, cc (born november 18, 1939) is a canadian writer.
during the revolutions of 1989, he was a co-founder of the new forum opposition movement in east germany, which contributed to the downfall of the soviet-backed dictatorship of the socialist unity party of germany (sed).	during the revolutions of 1989, he was a co-founder of the new forum opposition movement in east germany, which contributed to the downfall of the soviet-backed of the socialist unity party of germany (sed).
the center is generously funded by private donors and with gifts from oman, the united arab emirates, egypt, saudi arabia and libya.	the center is funded by private donors and with gifts from oman, the united arab emirates, egypt, saudi arabia and libya.
the grolier club is a celebrated society of bibliophiles, founded in new york city in january, 1884. the club is named after jean grolier de servières, viscount d'aguisy, treasurer general of france, whose library was famous.	the grolier club is a society of bibliophiles, founded in new york city in january, 1884. the club is named after jean grolier de servières, viscount d'aguisy, treasurer general of france, whose library was famous.
some cacti produce beautiful flowers, which like spines and branches arise from areoles.	some cacti produce flowers, which like spines and branches arise from areoles.
a rare color photo of gurudev rabindranath tagore - with daughter bela to his left and daughter-in-law pratima to his right.	a rare color photo of rabindranath tagore - with daughter bela to his left and daughter-in-law pratima to his right.
robert baltovich (born july 17, 1965) is a canadian man who was wrongly convicted in 1992 of the murder of his girlfriend, elizabeth bain in scarborough, ontario, canada.	robert baltovich (born july 17, 1965) is a canadian man who was convicted in 1992 of the murder of his girlfriend, elizabeth bain in scarborough, ontario, canada.
in june 1918, her husband and johnson were murdered on the outskirts of perm.	in june 1918, her husband and johnson were shot by the authorities on the outskirts of perm.
raghunath pandey was an indian politician and businessman from muzaffarpur, bihar.	raghunath pandey was an indian politician and businessperson from muzaffarpur, bihar.
silly songs with larry is a regular feature in big idea's popular cartoon series veggietales.	silly songs with larry is a regular feature in big idea's cartoon series veggietales.
it is a desirable residential district of inner london, extending from islington high street to highbury fields, encompassing the area around the busy upper street and essex road.	it is a residential district of inner london, extending from islington high street to highbury fields, encompassing the area around the busy upper street and essex road.
he directs the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the united states armed forces.	the president directs the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the united states armed forces.
christian mythology of their society's founding would start with jesus and his many teachings, and include the stories of christian disciples starting the christian church and congregations in the first century.	christian lore of their society's founding would start with jesus and his many teachings, and include the stories of christian disciples starting the christian church and congregations in the first century.
six of the ulster counties remain under british occupation as northern ireland following ireland's partition in 1922 (the remaining 26 forming present-day republic of ireland); since the uk's 1974 reshuffle these county boundaries no longer exist in northern ireland for administrative purposes, although fermanagh district council is almost identical to the county.	six of the ulster counties remain under british sovereignty as northern ireland following ireland's partition in 1922 (the remaining 26 forming present-day republic of ireland); since the uk's 1974 reshuffle these county boundaries no longer exist in northern ireland for administrative purposes, although fermanagh district council is almost identical to the county.
"in september 2015, the results of a six-month investigation by a panel of experts assembled by the inter-american commission on human rights concluded that the government's claim that the students were killed in a garbage dump because they were mistaken for members of a drug gang was ""scientifically impossible"" given the setting's conditions."	"in september 2015, the results of a six-month investigation by a panel of experts assembled by the inter-american commission on human rights stated that the government's claim that the students were killed in a garbage dump because they were mistaken for members of a drug gang was ""scientifically impossible"" given the setting's conditions."
loss of left naris after incorrect use of corrosive black salve ointment for suspected melanoma.	loss of left naris after incorrect use of black salve ointment for suspected melanoma.
"<div style=""width:252px; background-color: red "">"	"<div style=""width:252px; background-color: black "">"
jay neitz is professor of ophthalmology and a renowned color vision researcher at the university of washington in seattle, washington in the united states.	jay neitz is professor of ophthalmology and a color vision researcher at the university of washington in seattle, washington in the united states.
the cubs argued for an interference call, but umpire mike everitt correctly ruled that there was no fan interference because the ball was in the stands and not the field of play.	the cubs argued for an interference call, but umpire mike everitt ruled that there was no fan interference because the ball was in the stands and not the field of play.
albury was one of the towns that had been selected to be the capital of australia but sadly was not chosen.	albury was one of the towns that had been selected to be the capital of australia but was not chosen.
hugo was leading the contest after the first day, but tragically suffered yet another injury on the second day of competition and tearfully announced his retirement from strongman competition.	hugo was leading the contest after the first day, but suffered yet another injury on the second day of competition and tearfully announced his retirement from strongman competition.
the parents television council (ptc) is an american nonprofit militant organization founded by conservative activist l. brent bozell iii in 1995. through publications on its website including reviews, research reports, and online newsletters, the council seeks to inform parents of television programs or other entertainment products that it considers beneficial or harmful to the development of children .	the parents television council (ptc) is an american nonprofit organization founded by conservative activist l. brent bozell iii in 1995. through publications on its website including reviews, research reports, and online newsletters, the council seeks to inform parents of television programs or other entertainment products that it considers beneficial or harmful to the development of children .
goode's main strengths are his kicking and defence, but he does lack pace.	goode's main strengths are his kicking and defence, but he is said to lack pace.
islam expressly prohibits the killing of non- combatants , civilian women, children and the eldery, during war.	islam expressly prohibits the killing of non- combatant , civilian women, children and the eldery, during war.
"sify.com are relatively less opinionated describing the movie as ""run of the mill"" though citing that the ""major plus point of the film is that it is only 2 hours, and the camera work of rd rajasekhar is scintillating""."	"sify.com are relatively less critic describing the movie as ""run of the mill"" though citing that the ""major plus point of the film is that it is only 2 hours, and the camera work of rd rajasekhar is scintillating""."
on the other hand, the single-player final fantasy x-2 has attracted negative attention for its status as the first direct sequel to a previous final fantasy game, and for its apparent overreliance on fan service.	on the other hand, the single-player final fantasy x-2 has attracted negative attention for its status as the first direct sequel to a previous final fantasy game, and for its alleged overreliance on fan service.
in november 2008, haggard said in guest sermons at an illinois church that his sins had roots in sexual abuse by an adult when he was seven years old.	in november 2008, haggard said in guest sermons at an illinois church that his actions had roots in sexual abuse by an adult when he was seven years old.
robert j. spitzer and gregory p. magarian argue that this final decision by the supreme court was somehow a misinterpretation of the u.s. constitution.	robert j. spitzer and gregory p. magarian argue that this final decision by the supreme court was a misinterpretation of the u.s. constitution.
he does, however, write in a wide variety of genres, and is a gifted instrumentalist.	he does, however, write in a wide variety of genres, and is a trained instrumentalist.
jingle bells, batman smells has been a well-known but ridicious parody since the mid 1960s, with many variations on the lyrics.	jingle bells, batman smells has been a well-known but parody since the mid 1960s, with many variations on the lyrics.
while a six-figure household income is needed to afford an average 1,300 sq ft home in the county, only 11% of households boast such incomes, leaving the rest to rely on california's infamous proposition 13. in other words, a household willing to spend half of its gross income on housing would still need a $95,000 income, assuming a $170,000 downpayment.	while a six-figure household income is needed to afford an average 1,300 sq ft home in the county, only 11% of households boast such incomes, leaving the rest to rely on california's proposition 13. in other words, a household willing to spend half of its gross income on housing would still need a $95,000 income, assuming a $170,000 downpayment.
the iconic space needle and monorail depicted on this 1962 stamp	the space needle and monorail depicted on this 1962 stamp
"there were to have been sections depicting much more blatant sexual relations between the characters of matthew and theo, but they were eventually cut, thinking that it might have been ""too much""."	"there were to have been sections depicting much more explicit sexual relations between the characters of matthew and theo, but they were eventually cut, thinking that it might have been ""too much""."
at first sceptical of the extent of the problem, peel reacted shamefully slowly.	at first sceptical of the extent of the problem, peel reacted slowly.
"at issue were allegations that mulroney had accepted bribes in the so-called ""airbus affair"" concerning government contracts."	"at issue were allegations that mulroney had accepted bribes in the ""airbus affair"" concerning government contracts."
unfortunately the movie got a 20% rating on rotten tomatoes, but it only shows 9 ratings, 5 of which do not show a rating, but the reviews were nevertheless positive.	the movie got a 20% rating on rotten tomatoes, but it only shows 9 ratings, 5 of which do not show a rating, but the reviews were nevertheless positive.
behe's claims about the irreducible complexity of key cellular structures are strongly contested by the scientific community.	behe's arguments about the irreducible complexity of key cellular structures are strongly contested by the scientific community.
"the main idea of jean-paul sartre is that we are, as men , ""condemned to be free."""	"the main idea of jean-paul sartre is that we are, as humans , ""condemned to be free."""
he was also visiting professor at yale, wisconsin, princeton, queensland, and the respected religious studies department at lampeter.	he was also visiting professor at yale, wisconsin, princeton, queensland, and the religious studies department at lampeter.
the cass business school of london (officially the sir john cass business school, city of london) is a prestigious business school located in the city of london, england, and is part of the city university, london.	the cass business school of london (officially the sir john cass business school, city of london) is a business school located in the city of london, england, and is part of the city university, london.
it began on friday, 2 april 1982, when argentina invaded and occupied the falkland islands (and, the following day, south georgia and the south sandwich islands) in an attempt to establish the sovereignty it had long claimed over them.	it began on friday, 2 april 1982, when argentina invaded and occupied the falkland islands (and, the following day, south georgia and the south sandwich islands) in an attempt to establish the sovereignty it had claimed over them.
other economists have recently challenged key aspects of piketty's proposals and interpretations, finding that they are often inconsistent and/or flawed.	other economists have recently challenged key aspects of piketty's proposals and interpretations, claiming that they are often inconsistent and/or flawed.
abuse of telazol has been documented.	recreational use of telazol has been documented.
the museum incorporates a reconstructed cruck house, which contains a fascinating collection of domestic bygones.	the museum incorporates a reconstructed cruck house, which contains a collection of domestic bygones.
wba let klitschko have another voluntary title defence before taking on povetkin, but there should be a signed contract with povetkin before 28 february, with a new deadline for their bout no later than 31 july.	wba let klitschko have another voluntary title defence before taking on povetkin, but there should have been a signed contract with povetkin before 28 february, with a new deadline for their bout no later than 31 july.
"fillmore has classic ""turn of the century"" downtown architecture, a one-screen theatre, a thriving historic train depot, - the fillmore and western railway - a much photographed city hall, and many unique shops and businesses, including a local winery operation."	"fillmore has classic ""turn of the century"" downtown architecture, a one-screen theatre, a historic train depot, - the fillmore and western railway - a much photographed city hall, and many unique shops and businesses, including a local winery operation."
the duke's family descended from sir edmund sheffield, second cousin of henry viii, who in 1547 was raised to the peerage of england as baron sheffield and in 1549 was murdered in the streets of norwich during kett's rebellion.	the duke's family descended from sir edmund sheffield, second cousin of henry viii, who in 1547 was raised to the peerage of england as baron sheffield and in 1549 was killed in the streets of norwich during kett's rebellion.
as the gnu libredwg library was upgraded to gplv3 it can't be used anymore by librecad (and freecad) who has dependency on open cascade which are only compatible with gplv2, as both licenses are incompatible.	as the gnu libredwg library was changed to gplv3 it can't be used anymore by librecad (and freecad) who has dependency on open cascade which are only compatible with gplv2, as both licenses are incompatible.
"her most notable role was as alexandra ""lexie"" macdonald in seasons one through six in the hit bbc drama monarch of the glen, between 19992004. in january 2005, she appeared as new character justine mcmanus in the second season of the bbcs paranormal drama show sea of souls with iain robertson and bill paterson."	"her most notable role was as alexandra ""lexie"" macdonald in seasons one through six in the bbc drama monarch of the glen, between 19992004. in january 2005, she appeared as new character justine mcmanus in the second season of the bbcs paranormal drama show sea of souls with iain robertson and bill paterson."
due to penn state's and head coach joe paterno's perceived reputation for good sportsmanship and high academic standards, the game was characterized in the media as a clash of good versus evil.	due to penn state's and head coach joe paterno's reputation for good sportsmanship and high academic standards, the game was characterized in the media as a clash of good versus evil.
, also romanized as etchi, is an often used euphemism in the japanese language for sexual innuendoes.	, also romanized as etchi, is an often used slang term in the japanese language for sexual innuendoes.
jeanne robertson (1967); comedienne and humorist, miss north carolina 1963, sec entrepreneur of the year in 2000	jeanne robertson (1967); comedian and humorist, miss north carolina 1963, sec entrepreneur of the year in 2000
the activities outside the people's republic of china (prc) of falun gong have increased dramatically since the prc government began to persecute the practice in 1999. they are often seen in protest action in many major cities around the world, and have a significant media presence through the electronic and print media.	the activities outside the people's republic of china (prc) of falun gong have increased dramatically since the prc government began to supress the practice in 1999. they are often seen in protest action in many major cities around the world, and have a significant media presence through the electronic and print media.
though it lacks a powerful internal renderer, wings can easily be combined with raytracing programs such as pov-ray or yafray to produce high-quality images.	though it lacks a powerful internal renderer, wings can be combined with raytracing programs such as pov-ray or yafray to produce high-quality images.
olga ( was sitting) and her younger sister, tatiana.	olga (sitting) and her younger sister, tatiana.
"charles moore in the daily telegraph found it to be ""more a socialist tract than an objective analysis of poverty."""	"charles moore in the daily telegraph declared it to be ""more a socialist tract than an objective analysis of poverty."""
eragon is a 2006 live-action/cgi fantasy-adventure film loosely based on the novel of the same name by author christopher paolini.	eragon is a 2006 live-action/cgi fantasy-adventure film based on the novel of the same name by author christopher paolini.
german foreign ministry is migrating all of its 11,000 desktops to gnu/ linux and other open source applications.	german foreign ministry is migrating all of its 11,000 desktops to linux and other open source applications.
anglophone public schools in port coquitlam are part of school district 43 coquitlam.	public schools in port coquitlam are part of school district 43 coquitlam.
house in beersheba, israel, after a direct hit by a rocket during the fourth day of the operation , 11 july 2014	house in beersheba, israel, after a direct hit by a rocket during the fourth day of the conflict , 11 july 2014
immediately afterward, claim jumpers grabbed much of the land.	immediately afterward, claim jumpers claimed much of the land.
daniel was doubtless influenced here by the shariah (see quran, sura iv.	daniel was possibly influenced here by the shariah (see quran, sura iv.
the events cited span the course of four decades and pertain to attacks such as plane bombings as well as the bay of pigs invasion and the long civil war between the regime and anti-communist rebels in the escambray mountains.	the events cited span the course of four decades and pertain to attacks such as plane bombings as well as the bay of pigs invasion and the long civil war between the government and anti-communist rebels in the escambray mountains.
"the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, widely known as the ""lds church"" or the ""mormon church"", is by far the largest denomination within the latter day saint movement (mormonism), a type of christian cult restorationism."	"the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, widely known as the ""lds church"" or the ""mormon church"", is by far the largest denomination within the latter day saint movement (mormonism), a type of christian restorationism."
its inhabitants are skverer hasidim who seek to maintain a unique lifestyle based on hasidic teachings.	its inhabitants are skverer hasidim who seek to maintain a lifestyle based on hasidic teachings.
jane seymour fonda (born december 21, 1937) is an academy award-winning american actress , writer, producer, and political activist.	jane seymour fonda (born december 21, 1937) is an academy award-winning american actor , writer, producer, and political activist.
jonestown was the socialist communal settlement made in northwestern guyana by the peoples temple, a cult from california.	jonestown was the communal settlement made in northwestern guyana by the peoples temple, a cult from california.
the regional command reported that a militiaman was killed by hostile (georgian) sniper fire at 6:17pm and that at least 3 civilians were executed	the regional command reported that a militiaman was killed by hostile (georgian) sniper fire at 6:17pm and that at least 3 civilians were killed
capitalist economic theory maintains that an economic system based upon individual choice allows for technological and social advance through entrepreneurship and trial and error.	economic theory maintains that an economic system based upon individual choice allows for technological and social advance through entrepreneurship and trial and error.
bo stefan m. eriksson (born 14 december, 1961) is a swedish criminal from uppsala, sweden, involved in the uk gaming company gizmondo until it became insolvent in 2005. in 2006 he became known for wrecking an enzo ferrari in southern california.	bo stefan m. eriksson (born 14 december, 1961) is a swedish businessman from uppsala, sweden, involved in the uk gaming company gizmondo until it became insolvent in 2005. in 2006 he became known for wrecking an enzo ferrari in southern california.
"the independence intifada (intifada is arabic for ""uprising"") is a saharawi activist coinage for a series of disturbances, demonstrations and riots that broke out in may 2005 in the moroccan- occupied parts of western sahara and south of morocco."	"the independence intifada (intifada is arabic for ""uprising"") is a saharawi activist coinage for a series of disturbances, demonstrations and riots that broke out in may 2005 in the moroccan- controlled parts of western sahara and south of morocco."
although initially unexpected, he claims he had been urged to make such a move by fans of his original video.	although initially unexpected, he says he had been urged to make such a move by fans of his original video.
his debut album peanut butter blues & melancholy jam has been critically acclaimed by specialized media outlets, including dazed & confused , bbc music and the mercury prize and is listed at number 18 in the top 50 of the most acclaimed albums of 2011 by amazon .	his debut album peanut butter blues & melancholy jam has been critically acclaimed by media outlets, including dazed & confused , bbc music and the mercury prize and is listed at number 18 in the top 50 of the most acclaimed albums of 2011 by amazon .
glasgow grew from a hamlet on the river clyde to become one of the largest seaports in britain.	glasgow grew from a small rural settlement on the river clyde to become one of the largest seaports in britain.
adelaide abankwah (born circa 1971) was a pseudonym taken by ghanaian regina norman danson when she tried to immigrate to the u.s. as a refugee claiming to be fleeing female circumcision and seeking political asylum.	adelaide abankwah (born circa 1971) was a pseudonym taken by ghanaian regina norman danson when she tried to immigrate to the u.s. as a refugee claiming to be fleeing female genital cutting and seeking political asylum.
(1941-1944) was a lithuanian killing squad, operating in the vilnius region, initially consisting of a hundred members	(1941-1944) was a killing squad, operating in the vilnius region, initially consisting of a hundred members
however, ernest died there, aged only 32. in his will, he left the county to his son louis and made louise juliane his guardian and regent while he was still underage.	however, ernest died there, aged 32. in his will, he left the county to his son louis and made louise juliane his guardian and regent while he was still underage.
mamukkoya got his chance in the film industry through anyarude bhoomi (1979).	he got his chance in the film industry through anyarude bhoomi (1979).
"these movies fall into the action-comedy genre, and are generally considered to typify the ""buddy cop"" clich ."	"these movies fall into the action-comedy genre, and are generally considered to typify the ""buddy cop"" plot device ."
"to a lesser extent, it is arguable that the success of the ne1000/2000 cards helped to tip the scale of the ""lan wars"" in favor of ethernet (championed by 3com) over technically-superior token ring (championed by ibm)."	"to a lesser extent, it is arguable that the success of the ne1000/2000 cards helped to tip the scale of the ""lan wars"" in favor of ethernet (championed by 3com) over token ring (championed by ibm)."
the former was tragically killed during crowd problems in a match.	the former was killed during crowd problems in a match.
one hypocritic member of the commission - bruce ritter - later made payments for sexual favors to male prostitute and adult movie actor kevin kite using funds earmarked for the covenant house charity.	one member of the commission - bruce ritter - later made payments for sexual favors to male prostitute and adult movie actor kevin kite using funds earmarked for the covenant house charity.
operation blue star and assassination	operation blue star and death
the attack was carried out by the golani brigade between 1015 may 1948. avraham yoffe commanded the battalion that captured beisan.	the operation was carried out by the golani brigade between 1015 may 1948. avraham yoffe commanded the battalion that captured beisan.
principal photography began on january 19, 2015 in england, with the first scene shot taking place during a barclays premier league football match between everton (of which stallone and native evertonian bellew are avid fans) and west bromwich albion at goodison park in liverpool.	principal photography began on january 19, 2015 in england, with the first scene shot taking place during a barclays premier league football match between everton (of which stallone and native evertonian bellew are fans) and west bromwich albion at goodison park in liverpool.
bust by schadow, 1807, walhalla memorial	bust by schadow, 1807, walhalla temple
the development of international english often centers around academic and scientific communities, where formal english usage is prevalent, and creative use of the language is at a minimum.	the development of international english often centers on academic and scientific communities, where formal english usage is prevalent, and creative use of the language is at a minimum.
maitreyi college is a prestigious college in the south campus of the university of delhi, located in bapu dham, chanakyapuri, new delhi-110021, india.	maitreyi college is a college in the south campus of the university of delhi, located in bapu dham, chanakyapuri, new delhi-110021, india.
"in robocop 3, directive four is clearly labelled as ""never oppose an ocp officer""."	"in robocop 3, directive four is labelled as ""never oppose an ocp officer""."
oral roberts (born january 24, 1918) is an american charismatic neo-pentecostal protestant christian televangelist.	oral roberts (born january 24, 1918) is an american neo-pentecostal protestant christian televangelist.
the gospels ostensibly present themselves as a typical mythical account, with a victim-god lynched by a unanimous crowd, an event that is then commemorated by christians through ritual sacrifice a bodily re-presentation in this case in the eucharist.	the gospels ostensibly present themselves as a typical mythical account, with a victim-god lynched by a unanimous crowd, an event that is then commemorated by christians through ritual sacrifice a material re-presentation in this case in the eucharist.
the video, made in 2007, was only broadcast in portuguese tv channels two years after it was first aired in a brazilian television show, saia justa, of which the actress was one of the hosts, and prompted public outrage in portugal, while the actress has been accused of being lusophobic and showing a lack of knowledge of portuguese culture and history.	the video, made in 2007, was broadcast in portuguese tv channels two years after it was first aired in a brazilian television show, saia justa, of which the actress was one of the hosts, and prompted public outrage in portugal, while the actress has been accused of being lusophobic and showing a lack of knowledge of portuguese culture and history.
it is understood that the term old europe coined by the incompetent donald rumsfeld means old western europe.	it is understood that the term old europe coined by the donald rumsfeld means old western europe.
swedish-speaking finns (often called finland swedes or finnish swedes, see below) constitute a swedish linguistic and cultural minority in finland.	swedish-speaking finns (often called finland swedes or finnish swedes, see below) constitute a linguistic and cultural minority in finland.
scientific curators continue to appraise the set of known genes: new gene predictions continue to be added and incorrect ones modified or removed.	scientific curators continue to appraise the set of known genes: new gene models continue to be added and incorrect ones modified or removed.
prominent philanthropist bluma appel joined canfars planning committee, later becoming a creator of a board of advisors and a junior committee, as well as acting as chair of the executive committee until her passing in 2007.	prominent philanthropist bluma appel joined canfars planning committee, later becoming a creator of a board of advisors and a junior committee, as well as acting as chair of the executive committee until her death in 2007.
david geringas (; born july 29, 1946 in vilnius) is a world-renowned lithuanian cellist and conductor who studied under mstislav rostropovich.	david geringas (; born july 29, 1946 in vilnius) is a lithuanian cellist and conductor who studied under mstislav rostropovich.
in scholarly sources it is used in an article by hodges, svoboda and van howe in the journal of medical ethics , who oppose circumcision, but also by benatar and benatar in an article in the american journal of bioethics which accepts that parents have a right to exercise their discretion on this matter .	in scholarly sources it is used in an article by hodges, svoboda and van howe in the journal of medical ethics , who oppose circumcision, but also by benatar and benatar in an article in the american journal of bioethics which argues that parents have a right to exercise their discretion on this matter .
on september 30, 2009, ufcw 8 golden state members, stewards, and volunteers established informational picket lines at four fresh and easy stores in kern county protesting fresh & easy's threat to union market share, and u.k. parent company's 'siphoning' money out of the community.	on september 30, 2009, ufcw 8 golden state members, stewards, and volunteers established informational picket lines at four fresh and easy stores in kern county to protest what they consider to be fresh & easy's threat to union market share, and u.k. parent company's 'siphoning' money out of the community.
arkanoid is an arcade game developed by taito in 1986. arkanoid is a clone and a simpler version of the earlier sega's arcade-game gigas and gigas mark 2 based upon atari's breakout games of the mid-to-late '70s.	arkanoid is a simple yet addictive arcade game developed by taito in 1986. arkanoid is a clone and a simpler version of the earlier sega's arcade-game gigas and gigas mark 2 based upon atari's breakout games of the mid-to-late '70s.
gresham sykes and david matza's neutralization theory explains how deviants justify their deviant behaviors by providing alternative definitions of their actions and by providing explanations, to themselves and others, for the lack of guilt for actions in particular situations.	john sykes and david matza's neutralization theory explains how deviants justify their deviant behaviors by providing alternative definitions of their actions and by providing explanations, to themselves and others, for the lack of guilt for actions in particular situations.
pius ncube, disgraced former roman catholic archbishop of bulawayo, zimbabwe	pius ncube, former roman catholic archbishop of bulawayo, zimbabwe
commodore josaia voreqe bainimarama, cf, msd, ostj, fijian navy, known commonly as frank bainimarama and sometimes by the chiefly title ratu (born 27 april 1954), is a fijian naval officer and dictator .	commodore josaia voreqe bainimarama, cf, msd, ostj, fijian navy, known commonly as frank bainimarama and sometimes by the chiefly title ratu (born 27 april 1954), is a fijian naval officer and politician .
jimmy white drops down from number 35 to number 60, after his worst season ever, earning only 5725 points in the 06/07 season alone, down from 6450 in the 05/06 season.	jimmy white drops down from number 35 to number 60, after his least successful season ever, earning only 5725 points in the 06/07 season alone, down from 6450 in the 05/06 season.
graham or graeme is the name of a famous scottish family, clan graham, which has given its name to many things:	graham or graeme is the name of a scottish family, clan graham, which has given its name to many things:
neil, noll's father, was tragically killed during a farming accident in 2001, which left running the farm to shannon and his brothers.	neil, noll's father, was killed during a farming accident in 2001, which left running the farm to shannon and his brothers.
northrop grumman has had to deal with several scandals during its history.	northrop grumman has had to deal with nultiple scandals during its history.
chocolate truffles are a group of delicious chocolate confectionery, traditionally made with a chocolate ganache center coated in chocolate or cocoa powder, usually in a spherical, conical or curved shape.	chocolate truffles are a group of chocolate confectionery, traditionally made with a chocolate ganache center coated in chocolate or cocoa powder, usually in a spherical, conical or curved shape.
the word cult pejoratively refers to a group whose beliefs or practices are reasonably considered strange.	the word cult pejoratively refers to a group whose beliefs or practices are considered strange.
it is believed that at least 100,000 people joined the movement during the revival, but despite this it did not put a stop to the gradual decline of christianity in wales, only holding it back slightly.	it is believed that at least 100,000 people made christian committments during the movement during the revival, but despite this it did not put a stop to the gradual decline of christianity in wales, only holding it back slightly.
stock market crash of 2002: u.s. indices continue heavy losses from the previous week and fall by over three percent on the day, nasdaq falling below its july 23 low.	stock market downturn of 2002: u.s. indices continue heavy losses from the previous week and fall by over three percent on the day, nasdaq falling below its july 23 low.
the fernery (constructed in the early 1870s) and then sadly went to ruins after mr duncan went bankrupt.	the fernery (constructed in the early 1870s) and then went to ruins after mr duncan went bankrupt.
modernism in the catholic church was the subject of the definitive encyclical pascendi dominici gregis of pope st. pius x. modernism may be described under the following broad headings:	modernism in the catholic church was the subject of the encyclical pascendi dominici gregis of pope st. pius x. modernism may be described under the following broad headings:
after bryan's performance purple rain in week 3 of the live shows, she became subject to bullying accusations from judge walsh who apologized the next day.	after bryan's performance purple rain in week 3 of the live shows, she became subject to bullying allegation from judge walsh who apologized the next day.
in the wake of the 1948 arabisraeli war, and after the 1949 armistice agreements, al-lubban al-gharbi came under jordanian rule .	in the wake of the 1948 arabisraeli war, and after the 1949 armistice agreements, al-lubban al-gharbi came under jordanian occupation .
part of it was used for the ill-fated granada studio tours theme attraction, and part is still the site of the coronation street set.	part of it was used for the granada studio tours theme attraction, and part is still the site of the coronation street set.
on the first day of the rioting, denny was attacked by four black men, pulled from his international road tractor and brutally beaten, sustaining serious head trauma and other injuries.	on the first day of the rioting, denny was attacked by four men, pulled from his international road tractor and brutally beaten, sustaining serious head trauma and other injuries.
"the southern poverty law center found other bigotry in the article, noting that rothbard claimed it was primarily ""jewish women, after raising funds from 'top jewish financiers,' who agitated for child labor laws,"" and that the ""dominant tradition"" of these women activsts was lesbianism."	"the southern poverty law center makes claims of other bigotry in the article, noting that rothbard claimed it was primarily ""jewish women, after raising funds from 'top jewish financiers,' who agitated for child labor laws,"" and that the ""dominant tradition"" of these women activsts was lesbianism."
unfortunately he broke his arm this time and wasn't able to play any matches for them.	however he broke his arm this time and wasn't able to play any matches for them.
the terrorists who carried out the assassinations forced entry into the abbey by bombing the heavy front doors.	the ira members who carried out the assassinations forced entry into the abbey by bombing the heavy front doors.
gonzaga's poor performance was due to complications during his wife's pregnancy that resulted in her near death and the death of one of the twin girls she was carrying.	gonzaga's poor performance may have been partly due to complications during his wife's pregnancy that resulted in her near death and the death of one of the twin girls she was carrying.
"the times admitted , ""our reporters made initial inquiries about the adoptions."""	"the times replied , ""our reporters made initial inquiries about the adoptions."""
during the event, tna superstar abyss won the bcw canadian-american (can-am) heavyweight championship from bobby roode, and rhino defeated a-1 to become number-one contender.	during the event, tna employee abyss won the bcw canadian-american (can-am) heavyweight championship from bobby roode, and rhino defeated a-1 to become number-one contender.
the death of general montgomery in the attack on quebec, december 31, 1775 is an oil painting completed in 1786 by the american artist john trumbull depicting the tragic death of the american general richard montgomery at the battle of quebec on december 31, 1775, during the invasion of quebec, a major military operation by the continental army in the american revolutionary war.	the death of general montgomery in the attack on quebec, december 31, 1775 is an oil painting completed in 1786 by the american artist john trumbull depicting the death of the american general richard montgomery at the battle of quebec on december 31, 1775, during the invasion of quebec, a major military operation by the continental army in the american revolutionary war.
the old gym is a massive one-room gym, with a very high roof.	the old gym is a large one-room gym, with a very high roof.
frusciante has an active solo career, having released ten epic albums under his own name, as well as two with josh klinghoffer and joe lally as ataxia.	frusciante has an active solo career, having released ten albums under his own name, as well as two with josh klinghoffer and joe lally as ataxia.
corrie was wearing a bright red reflective jacket.	corrie was wearing a red reflective jacket.
steve sailer, a writer and movie critic for the american conservative, especially controversial for his articles on race, human biology, and gender issues, which are typically bolstered with detailed statistical analyses.	steve sailer, a writer and movie critic for the american conservative, especially controversial for his articles on race, human biology, and gender issues, which are typically presented with detailed statistical analyses.
abu l-qasim muhammad ibn abd allh al-hashimi al-qurashi ( ; mohammed, muhammed, mahomet) (c. 570 mecca june 8, 632 medina), was the founder of the world religion of islam and is regarded by muslims as the last messenger and prophet of .	abu l-qasim muhammad ibn abd allh al-hashimi al-qurashi ( ; mohammed, muhammed, mahomet) (c. 570 mecca june 8, 632 medina), was the central figure of the world religion of islam and is regarded by muslims as the last messenger and prophet of .
joseph smith, jr. (december 23, 1805 june 27, 1844) was the founder of the latter day saint cult ,<!--	joseph smith, jr. (december 23, 1805 june 27, 1844) was the founder of the latter day saint movement ,<!--
is an influential, universally critically-acclaimed, and award-winning 1998 japanese anime series directed by shinichir watanabe, written by keiko nobumoto, and produced by sunrise.	is an influential, critically-acclaimed, and award-winning 1998 japanese anime series directed by shinichir watanabe, written by keiko nobumoto, and produced by sunrise.
he formerly served as vice president of academic affairs for kendall college but resigned the position in 2007. he sought the democratic nomination for governor of illinois in 2006 but was sadly defeated in the primary by incumbent illinois governor rod blagojevich in march 2006.	he formerly served as vice president of academic affairs for kendall college but resigned the position in 2007. he sought the democratic nomination for governor of illinois in 2006 but was defeated in the primary by incumbent illinois governor rod blagojevich in march 2006.
kiugak (also known as kiawak or kiowok) was born to renowned inuit artist pitseolak and her husband, ashoona in the community of tariugajak on baffin island, northwest territories (now nunavut) outside cape dorset on september 16, 1933. he was one of the last generations to be born on the land and grow up with the traditional lifestyle of the inuit people.	kiugak (also known as kiawak or kiowok) was born to inuit artist pitseolak and her husband, ashoona in the community of tariugajak on baffin island, northwest territories (now nunavut) outside cape dorset on september 16, 1933. he was one of the last generations to be born on the land and grow up with the traditional lifestyle of the inuit people.
restructuring is the corporate management term for the act of partially dismantling and reorganizing a company for the purpose of making it more efficient and therefore more profitable.	restructuring is the corporate management term for the act of partially dismantling or otherwise reorganizing a company for the purpose of making it more efficient and therefore more profitable.
in contrast to the olympic flame proper, the torch relay of modern times, which transports the flame from greece to the various designated sites of the games, had no ancient precedent and was introduced by carl diem at the controversial 1936 summer olympics in berlin.	in contrast to the olympic flame proper, the torch relay of modern times, which transports the flame from greece to the various designated sites of the games, had no ancient precedent and was introduced by carl diem at the 1936 summer olympics in berlin.
the three-year plan had many promises, but unfortunately much of its intended benefits would eventually be undermined by the breakout of full-scale war with japan in 1937.	the three-year plan had many promises, but much of its intended benefits would eventually be undermined by the breakout of full-scale war with japan in 1937.
it appears that twain was the first to use such puerile language in describing established authors (and these authors were often quite popular at the time twain was lambasting them).	it appears that twain was the first to use such language in describing established authors (and these authors were often quite popular at the time twain was lambasting them).
this page is a good resource and tells you alot about fairtrade.	this page is a good resourse and tells you alot about fairtrade.
good debunking article on piri reis and oronteus maps claim to show antarctica	debunking article on piri reis and oronteus maps claim to show antarctica
bruce dickinson (born paul bruce dickinson, august 7, 1958 in worksop, nottinghamshire, england) is the legendary lead singer in the heavy metal band iron maiden.	bruce dickinson (born paul bruce dickinson, august 7, 1958 in worksop, nottinghamshire, england) is the lead singer in the heavy metal band iron maiden.
the strong dopamine-blocking reaction will make you feel nauseous if you do anything that normally triggers the dopamine reward, such as eat a good meal or have sex.	the strong dopamine-blocking reaction could make you feel nauseous if you do anything that normally triggers the dopamine reward, such as eat a good meal or have sex.
the humorous and artistically high-ranking variete-style shows still have fame among copenhagen gays .	the humorous and artistically high-ranking variete-style shows still have fame among copenhagen homosexuals .
though the germans planned and initiated an offensive strike, the soviet defense managed to frustrate their ambitions and launch a successful counter-offensive and freed oryol (august 5), belgorod (august 5) and kharkov (august 23), the first such success during summer since 1941.	though the germans planned and initiated an offensive strike, the soviet defense managed to frustrate their ambitions and launch a successful counter-offensive and retook oryol (august 5), belgorod (august 5) and kharkov (august 23), the first such success during summer since 1941.
alekhine (or aljechin) was a world chess champion known for his sparkling tactical combinations.	alekhine (or aljechin) was a world chess champion known for his tactical combinations.
the city was laid out in a logical grid pattern in accordance with traditional chinese geomancy.	the city was laid out in a grid pattern in accordance with traditional chinese geomancy.
a deity ( or ) is a fictional being, natural, supernatural or preternatural, with superhuman powers or qualities, and who may be thought of as holy, divine, or sacred.	a deity ( or ) is a being, natural, supernatural or preternatural, with superhuman powers or qualities, and who may be thought of as holy, divine, or sacred.
"smith taught that that ""the book of mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of  mormonism  , and a man would get nearer to god by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book."""	"smith taught that that ""the book of mormon was the most correct of any book on earth, and the keystone of our religion , and a man would get nearer to god by abiding by its precepts, than by any other book."""
the north american x-15 rocket-powered aircraft /spaceplane was part of the x-series of experimental aircraft, initiated with the bell x-1, that were made for the usaf, nasa, and the usn.	the north american x-15 rocket-powered aircraft was part of the x-series of experimental aircraft, initiated with the bell x-1, that were made for the usaf, nasa, and the usn.
an analysis of twelve monkeys an interesting analysis on the time travel temporal anomalies by m. joseph young.	an analysis of twelve monkeys an analysis on the time travel temporal anomalies by m. joseph young.
lagos earned a ph.d. from duke university, where he studied from 1960 to 1962. he then became a visiting professor at the univerity of north carolina at chapel hill in the political sciences department until 1965. after his time in north carolina, he kept ties with both prestigious universities.	lagos earned a ph.d. from duke university, where he studied from 1960 to 1962. he then became a visiting professor at the univerity of north carolina at chapel hill in the political sciences department until 1965. after his time in north carolina, he kept ties with both universities.
there is no evidence to support osbert smyth's membership of the cairo gang particularly as he was murdered in october 1920 when trying to arrest ira suspects from a house in drumconda.	there is no evidence to support osbert smyth's membership of the cairo gang particularly as he was killed in october 1920 when trying to arrest ira suspects from a house in drumconda.
erwin chemerinsky (born 1953) is a nationally renowned professor of constitutional law and federal civil procedure, currently teaching at the duke university school of law, a position which he has held since july 1, 2004. before that, he taught for over twenty years at the university of southern california law school.	erwin chemerinsky (born 1953) is a nationally known professor of constitutional law and federal civil procedure, currently teaching at the duke university school of law, a position which he has held since july 1, 2004. before that, he taught for over twenty years at the university of southern california law school.
ivan danilovich chernyakhovsky, also cherniakhovsky, ; uman, current cherkasy oblast, ukraine, - mehlsack, current pienino, poland, 18 february 1945) was a soviet general of the army (the youngest ever to have this rank), twice hero of the soviet union, brilliant commander of the 3rd belorussian front, who died from wounds received outside knigsberg at age 39.	ivan danilovich chernyakhovsky, also cherniakhovsky, ; uman, current cherkasy oblast, ukraine, - mehlsack, current pienino, poland, 18 february 1945) was a soviet general of the army (the youngest ever to have this rank), twice hero of the soviet union, commander of the 3rd belorussian front, who died from wounds received outside knigsberg at age 39.
therefore, whether a law is good or evil is of no importance as long as it brings order and meaning.	therefore, whether a law is good or evil is of no import as long as it brings order and meaning.
thomas blake glover (june 6, 1838 – december 13, 1911) was a scottish merchant in bakumatsu and meiji japan, and he is justly revered in that country for his many contributions to its modernisation.	thomas blake glover (june 6, 1838 – december 13, 1911) was a scottish merchant in bakumatsu and meiji japan, and he is revered in that country for his many contributions to its modernisation.
the song's surprise success continued in ireland where it amazingly reached no.	the song's success continued in ireland where it amazingly reached no.
"there's an old saying about jats that ""if a jat runs wild, it takes god to hold him back"" and it was famously quoted by herbert risley."	"there's an old saying about jats that ""if a jat runs wild, it takes god to hold him back"" and it was quoted by herbert risley."
bernardine dohrn is a former leader of the leftist organization known as the weathermen.	bernardine dohrn is a former leader of the organization known as the weathermen.
shoe dog is a memoir by nike co-founder phil knight, the memoir chronicles the early struggles of creating the brand and how nike evolved into one of the worlds most iconic and profitable brands.	shoe dog is a memoir by nike co-founder phil knight, the memoir chronicles the early struggles of creating the brand and how nike evolved into one of the worlds most recognized and profitable brands.
one hallmark of aeschylean dramaturgy is connected trilogies, in which each play serves as a chapter in a continuous dramatic narrative.	one hallmark of aeschylean dramaturgy appears to have been his tendency to write connected trilogies, in which each play serves as a chapter in a continuous dramatic narrative.
cmc americas, a subsidiary, services clients in the us, while the branch offices in the uk and dubai market our products and services in europe, africa and the middle east.	cmc americas, a subsidiary, services clients in the us, while the branch offices in the uk and dubai market products and services in europe, africa and the middle east.
the reverend robert bradford mp (8 june 1941 - 14 november 1981) was a vanguard unionist and ulster unionist member of parliament for the belfast south constituency in northern ireland until he was murdered in 1981.	the reverend robert bradford mp (8 june 1941 - 14 november 1981) was a vanguard unionist and ulster unionist member of parliament for the belfast south constituency in northern ireland until he was killed in 1981.
"despite the song's strong, long-lasting popularity, it has reached no higher than number four on the uk singles chart, a position it occupied for four consecutive weeks from december 1973 to january 1974. the song was famously beaten to the 1973 christmas number 1 spot by slade's ""merry xmas everybody"" which remained at the top of the charts for five weeks, from december 1973 to january 1974."	"despite the song's strong, long-lasting popularity, it has reached no higher than number four on the uk singles chart, a position it occupied for four consecutive weeks from december 1973 to january 1974. the song was beaten to the 1973 christmas number 1 spot by slade's ""merry xmas everybody"" which remained at the top of the charts for five weeks, from december 1973 to january 1974."
there's additionally a nice park with a pond located in the city, part of the former count's park (it was about 10,000 hectares, most of which has now reverted to wild forest).	there's additionally a park with a pond located in the city, part of the former count's park (it was about 10,000 hectares, most of which has now reverted to wild forest).
the term black supremacy describes an ideology based on the assertion that black people are superior to other racial groups.	the term black supremacy describes a racist ideology based on the assertion that black people are superior to other racial groups.
hamann played half the game of the miraculous 2005 uefa champions league final win with a broken toe.	hamann played half the game of the liverpool's 2005 uefa champions league final win with a broken toe.
for the lithuanians, williamson designed a building of london stock brick whose walls are eccentrically punctuated by large round windows.	for the lithuanians, williamson designed a building of london stock brick whose walls are punctuated by large round windows.
in order to support his theory, haeckel produced several fraudulent embryo drawings which overemphasized similarities between embryos of related species and found their way into many biology textbooks.	in order to support his theory, haeckel produced several embryo drawings which overemphasized similarities between embryos of related species and found their way into many biology textbooks.
legendary guitarist jeff beck played lead guitar on the album.	guitarist jeff beck played lead guitar on the album.
"the majority of those surveyed reported that they typically drank coffee at 8 a.m. and 8 p.m., which is why company went with the generic ""eight o'clock coffee."""	"the majority of those surveyed reported that they typically drank coffee at 8 a.m. and 8 p.m., which is why company went with the name ""eight o'clock coffee."""
in march 2017, playtonic announced that youtube personality jontron, real name jon jafari, who was originally to voice a character in yooka-laylee, would be removed from the game following racist comments on immigration, ethnicity, and nationalism.	in march 2017, playtonic announced that youtube personality jontron, real name jon jafari, who was originally to voice a character in yooka-laylee, would be removed from the game following controversial comments on immigration, ethnicity, and nationalism.
sandgren is a keen social media follower of a number of extreme-right/alt-right individuals and organisations, including co-founder and former leader of the english defence league tommy robinson and white supremacy rally activist nicholas fuentes.	sandgren is a social media follower of a number of extreme-right/alt-right individuals and organisations, including co-founder and former leader of the english defence league tommy robinson and white supremacy rally activist nicholas fuentes.
citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington (crew) and the liberal political action committee votevets.org requested that the federal trade commission investigate freedom alliance, freedom concerts, sean hannity, lt. col. oliver north and others.	citizens for responsibility and ethics in washington (crew) and the political action committee votevets.org requested that the federal trade commission investigate freedom alliance, freedom concerts, sean hannity, lt. col. oliver north and others.
literal readings of the text state that their initial instructions were to heal the sick and drive out demons, but many scholars read this more metaphorically as instructions to heal the spiritually sick and thus to drive away wicked behaviour.	literal readings of the text state that their initial instructions were to heal the sick and drive out demons, but some scholars read this more metaphorically as instructions to heal the spiritually sick and thus to drive away wicked behaviour.
according to the problematic documentary hypothesis, the story of potiphar and his wife derives from the yahwist source, and stands in the same place that the stories of the butler and the baker and pharaoh's dreams stand in the elohist text.	according to the documentary hypothesis, the story of potiphar and his wife derives from the yahwist source, and stands in the same place that the stories of the butler and the baker and pharaoh's dreams stand in the elohist text.
pete seeger attended the prestigious avon old farms boarding school in connecticut and then harvard university until he left in 1938 during his sophomore year.	pete seeger attended the avon old farms boarding school in connecticut and then harvard university until he left in 1938 during his sophomore year.
the paras and other soldiers killed 13 innocent civilians and wounded another 17 (of which 1 later died of their wounds).	the paras and other soldiers killed 13 civilians and wounded another 17 (of which 1 later died of their wounds).
by the late '90s, though, she had risen like the phoenix as she met her future husband, musician/songwriter derek sharp, and slowly emerged from the abyss.	by the late '90s, though, she had risen like a trash phoenix as she met her future husband, musician/songwriter derek sharp, and slowly emerged from the abyss.
systembolaget is not allowed to sell alcohol to drunk people or to people that they have reason to believe are purchasing for someone under legal age.	systembolaget is not allowed to sell alcoholic beverage s to drunk people or to people that they have reason to believe are purchasing for someone under legal age.
brenda fassie, south african pop legend	brenda fassie, south african pop singer
nao zumbi have continued to record and tour internationally since chico's passing .	nao zumbi have continued to record and tour internationally since chico's death .
unfortunately , change has not occurred within the city, with new construction in only a few select areas.	however , change has not occurred within the city, with new construction in only a few select areas.
his sister is actress/ comedienne nora dunn.	his sister is actress/ comedian nora dunn.
chairwoman of the federation council	chairman of the federation council
the philippine government promoted and encouraged labour export as a way to solve the problem of rising unemployment rates and to enrich the government's finances with overseas workers' remittances home.	the philippine government promoted and encouraged labour export as a way to solve the problem of rising unemployment rates and to fund the government's finances with overseas workers' remittances home.
once the nomination period officially opened, henry tang became embroiled in a scandal involving alleged massively illegal structures at a property owned by him and/or his wife.	once the nomination period officially opened, henry tang became embroiled in a scandal involving alleged illegal structures at a property owned by him and/or his wife.
kenya, for example, boasts a quaker population larger than that in the united states.	kenya, for example, has a quaker population larger than that in the united states.
the burren (, boirinn is the modern form used by the ordnance survey) is a unique karst-landscape region in northwest county clare, in the republic of ireland.	the burren (, boirinn is the modern form used by the ordnance survey) is a karst-landscape region in northwest county clare, in the republic of ireland.
gilda radner, comedienne , actress.	gilda radner, comedian , actress.
euthanasia in canada in its legal voluntary form is called medically assisted dying (colloquially assisted suicide or death with dignity) and became legal as of june 2016 for terminally ill adults.	euthanasia in canada in its legal voluntary form is called medically assisted dying (colloquially assisted suicide or death with dignity) and became legal as of june 2016 to end the suffering of terminally ill adults.
work done with creoles, which show linguistic attributes not seen in any of the parent languages, and poverty of the stimulus, which shows that children learn language from incomplete sources, both contribute to the idea that humans have linguistic knowledge hard-wired into their brains.	work done with creoles, which show linguistic attributes not seen in any of the parent languages, and poverty of the stimulus, which purports to show that children learn language from incomplete sources, both contribute to the idea that humans have linguistic knowledge hard-wired into their brains.
like the fanatical masada holdouts, the assassins built mountain fortresses in desolate areas to defend themselves against military enemies.	like the masada holdouts, the assassins built mountain fortresses in desolate areas to defend themselves against military enemies.
asperger's children are often the target of bullying at school because of their idiosyncratic behaviour, language, and interests, and because of their lower or delayed ability to perceive and respond appropriately to non-verbal cues, particularly in situations of interpersonal conflict.	asperger's children are often the target of bullying at school because of their idiosyncratic behaviour, language, and interests, and because of their lower or delayed ability to perceive and respond in socially expected ways to non-verbal cues, particularly in situations of interpersonal conflict.
"and was ""a variation of the fascist agenda applied to american culture."""	"and has been called ""a variation of the fascist agenda applied to american culture."""
jesse james also narrated a 2006 discovery show called history of the chopper, where he makes his own masterpiece to commemorate the 1960's.	jesse james also narrated a 2006 discovery show called history of the chopper, where he makes his own motorcycle to commemorate the 1960's.
michael peter fay (born may 30, 1975) is an american who briefly shot to worldwide notoriety when he was sentenced to caning in singapore as an 18-year-old in 1994 for theft and vandalism.	michael peter fay (born may 30, 1975) is an american who briefly shot to international notoriety when he was sentenced to caning in singapore as an 18-year-old in 1994 for theft and vandalism.
despite near-gouging prices of $5 per passenger, these vans were the real contingency plan for people living in brooklyn chinatown during the 2005 new york city transit strike.	despite prices of $5 per passenger, these vans were the real contingency plan for people living in brooklyn chinatown during the 2005 new york city transit strike.
"in july 1956 when nonie was 8 years old, her father became the first targeted assassination carried out by the israeli defence forces in response to terrorism , making him a martyr or ""shahid""."	"in july 1956 when nonie was 8 years old, her father became the first targeted assassination carried out by the israeli defence forces in response to fedayeen's attacks , making him a martyr or ""shahid""."
robert m. hughes memorial library, norfolk, virginia (1959, drastically altered 2011)	robert m. hughes memorial library, norfolk, virginia (1959, substantially altered 2011)
two miners' strikes, in 1972 and 1974, proved incredibly damaging to the government, with the latter causing the implementation of the three-day week to conserve energy.	two miners' strikes, in 1972 and 1974, proved damaging to the government, with the latter causing the implementation of the three-day week to conserve energy.
he made an angry phone call on-air to bobcat goldthwait, and he embarrassed comedienne judy tenuta to the point of driving her off the show.	he made an angry phone call on-air to bobcat goldthwait, and he embarrassed comedian judy tenuta to the point of driving her off the show.
"the sun's famous ""gotcha"" headline"	"the sun's ""gotcha"" headline"
the 2000 united states senate election in maryland was held on november 7, 2000. incumbent democratic senator paul sarbanes easily won re-election in the blue state of maryland.	the 2000 united states senate election in maryland was held on november 7, 2000. incumbent democratic senator paul sarbanes won re-election in the blue state of maryland.
charles i, (19 november 1600 – 30 january 1649), the second son of james vi and i, was king of england, scotland and ireland from 27 march 1625 until his regicide .	charles i, (19 november 1600 – 30 january 1649), the second son of james vi and i, was king of england, scotland and ireland from 27 march 1625 until his execution .
silver coins with the names of celtic kings, the so-called biatecs, represent the first known use of writing in slovakia .	silver coins with the names of celtic kings, the so-called biatecs, represent the first known use of writing in the area .
florida also has many private universities, some of which comprise the independent colleges and universities of florida.	florida also has private universities, some of which comprise the independent colleges and universities of florida.
"while initially enjoying bipartisan support, the special counsel investigation became subject to criticism by trump and his surrogates in the conservative media within months, with sean hannity eventually promoting ""deep state"" conspiracy theory."	"while initially enjoying bipartisan support, the special counsel investigation became subject to criticism by trump and his supporters in the conservative media within months, with sean hannity eventually promoting ""deep state"" conspiracy theory."
"following hudson's removal , blight was quoted as saying ""we are a quarter of the way through the season and to be where we are, to newport county football club is not what we expected or anticipated."""	"following hudson's departure , blight was quoted as saying ""we are a quarter of the way through the season and to be where we are, to newport county football club is not what we expected or anticipated."""
this non-canon episode is a parody of behind the music, the popular vh1 biography show, even sharing the same narrator, jim forbes.	this non-canon episode is a parody of behind the music, the vh1 biography show, even sharing the same narrator, jim forbes.
however, the end of the cold war, the collapse of rhodesia's smith regime and, most importantly, the transition taking place in south africa eventually deprived renamo of its financial supporters and arms suppliers.	however, the end of the cold war, the collapse of rhodesia's smith goverment and, most importantly, the transition taking place in south africa eventually deprived renamo of its financial supporters and arms suppliers.
the book has been widely praised among her peers in the field of anthropology, and criticized by some archaeologists and historians.	the book has been widely praised among her peers in the field of anthropology, and criticized by archaeologists and historians.
dr. melissa farley is a feminist research psychologist who documents the effects of prostitution, pornography, and trafficking on women, men, and children in prostitution.	melissa farley is a feminist research psychologist who documents the effects of prostitution, pornography, and trafficking on women, men, and children in prostitution.
spurred on by insight's discredited report, a subsequent flurry of media investigations turned up the burial of larry lawrence, a former united states ambassador to switzerland at arlington, which in turn sparked a congressional investigation.	spurred on by insight's report, a subsequent flurry of media investigations turned up the burial of larry lawrence, a former united states ambassador to switzerland at arlington, which in turn sparked a congressional investigation.
"he has stated many times that he doesn't object to people practicing the religion of scientology itself, but he objects to the abuse-ridden management of that religion by what he has called the ""criminal and corrupt"" church of scientology."	"he has stated many times that he doesn't object to people practicing the religion of scientology itself, but he objects to the management of that religion by what he has called the ""criminal and corrupt"" church of scientology."
"having watched the public slaughtering of a whale stranded at a harbor near rome, pliny writes, ""orcas, (the appearance of which no image can express, other than an enormous mass of savage flesh with teeth), are the enemy of other whales... they charge and pierce them like warships ramming."""	"having watched the public slaughtering of a whale stranded at a harbor near rome, pliny writes, ""orcas, (the appearance of which no image cpeacock fucker!an express, other than an enormous mass of savage flesh with teeth), are the enemy of other whales... they charge and pierce them like warships ramming."""
2006 – gilad shalit, an israeli soldier, is kidnapped by palestinian terrorists in a cross-border raid from the gaza strip.	2006 – gilad shalit, an israeli soldier, is kidnapped by palestinian militants in a cross-border raid from the gaza strip.
while rabbi aaron, being in charge of the largest satmar community in williamsburg, where he has been building new synagogues and schools since his father's passing , kiryas joel, monroe, where his supporter regularly win the local government elections, and borough park, brooklyn, a hasidic neighborhood 8 miles from williamsburg.	while rabbi aaron, being in charge of the largest satmar community in williamsburg, where he has been building new synagogues and schools since his father's death , kiryas joel, monroe, where his supporter regularly win the local government elections, and borough park, brooklyn, a hasidic neighborhood 8 miles from williamsburg.
methamphetamine abuse	methamphetamine
in more recent times the natural beauty of the firth has been compromised in places by a succession of industrial and military developments along the shoreline, including hunterston and hunterston deepwater terminal, while at the same time shipbuilding has declined.	in more recent times the natural environment of the firth has been compromised in places by a succession of industrial and military developments along the shoreline, including hunterston and hunterston deepwater terminal, while at the same time shipbuilding has declined.
disappointingly there seem to be few physical remnants.	there seem to be few physical remnants.
the basketball star broke down in tears live on television tuesday (jun 12) as he recounted the hostility he faced for meeting dictator kim jong un.	the basketball star broke down in tears live on television tuesday (jun 12) as he recounted the hostility he faced for meeting kim jong un.
krauthammer's articles are usually supportive of israel, and he frequently accuses those who are uncompromisingly critical of israel's policy of anti-semitism or anti-zionism.	krauthammer's articles are usually supportive of israel, and he frequently accuses those who are critical of israel's policy of anti-semitism or anti-zionism.
his first wife, mame m. ne barcus, died tragically in an automobile accident in florida in april of 1929. about a year later, he married a local divorcee, marie e. (ne williams) clerk in washington, dc.	his first wife, mame m. ne barcus, died in an automobile accident in florida in april of 1929. about a year later, he married a local divorcee, marie e. (ne williams) clerk in washington, dc.
other entities and territories: nagorno-karabakh palestinian territories northern cyprus4	other entities and territories: nagorno-karabakh palestinian national authority northern cyprus4
points of notice will be the result of the governing federal government coalition (liberal/social-democrat) - for whom a bad result could spell defeat in the federal general elections to be held no later than june 2007 - and the result of the extreme right party vlaams belang in antwerp and the other flemish towns.	points of notice will be the result of the governing federal government coalition (liberal/social-democrat) - for whom a bad result could spell defeat in the federal general elections to be held no later than june 2007 - and the result of the (far) right party vlaams belang in antwerp and the other flemish towns.
the second bah' world congress from november 23rd -26th, 1992 took place in order to pay homage to the 100th anniversary of the passing of the prophet founder of the bah' faith, bah'u'llh.	the second bah' world congress from november 23rd -26th, 1992 took place in order to pay homage to the 100th anniversary of the passing of the founder of the bah' faith, bah'u'llh.
most of the literature regarding rape and sexual assault still focuses on female victims.	most of the literature regarding rape and sexual assault focuses on female victims.
an important member of the railway employees striking was gheorghe gheorghiu-dej, who later became the dicator of communist romania.	an important member of the railway employees striking was gheorghe gheorghiu-dej, who later became the leader of communist romania.
"the most popular of these sports worldwide is association football, also known most commonly just ""football"", or ""soccer"" as it is quaintly known in the united states and canada."	"the most popular of these sports worldwide is association football, also known most commonly just ""football"", or ""soccer"" as it is known in the united states and canada."
in the 1980s, he gained a new generation of fans for playing dr. daniel auschlander, one of the starring roles on the groundbreaking medical drama st. elsewhere.	in the 1980s, he gained a new generation of fans for playing dr. daniel auschlander, one of the starring roles on the medical drama st. elsewhere.
concerto is the twenty-fourth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	concerto is the twenty-fourth episode of the third series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
some red sox fans and columnists believe that this poor decision by little led to his firing the following offseason.	some red sox fans and columnists believe that this contentious decision by little led to his firing the following offseason.
in 2004, little was endorsed by the new york state right to life committee, and naral pro-choice america has considered her voting record on reproductive issues to be anti- choice most years.	in 2004, little was endorsed by the new york state right to life committee, and naral pro-choice america has considered her voting record on reproductive issues to be anti- abortion most years.
lobelia, which contains toxin s similar in effect to nicotine	lobelia, which contains alkaloid s similar in effect to nicotine
these include financial improprieties and lax standards for sexual abusers .	these include financial improprieties and lax standards for sexual improprieties .
charles baudelaire, a celebrated french poet who translated poe's works into french and who viewed poe as an inspiration, said that the building on the site of the old jacobin club had no gates and, therefore, no inscription.	charles baudelaire, a french poet who translated poe's works into french and who viewed poe as an inspiration, said that the building on the site of the old jacobin club had no gates and, therefore, no inscription.
"this contradiction was mocked in the episode ""200"", which led to further censorship in ""201""."	"this change in comedy central's broadcast policy was mocked in the episode ""200"", which led to further censorship in ""201""."
in recent years, they have spread into backward areas of rural central and eastern india, such as chattisgarh and andhra pradesh through the activities of underground groups like the communist party of india (maoist).	in recent years, they have spread into less developed areas of rural central and eastern india, such as chattisgarh and andhra pradesh through the activities of underground groups like the communist party of india (maoist).
narcissus, the fictional greek hero after whom narcissism is named, became obsessed with his own reflection	narcissus, the greek hero after whom narcissism is named, became obsessed with his own reflection
a belief in god or gods is found in all cultures, although followers of a particular god or gods may consider other gods to be nonexistent or inferior.	a belief in god or gods is found in some cultures, although followers of a particular god or gods may consider other gods to be nonexistent or inferior.
the totalitarian regime was pressured by the us and europe and also by the hate of its own people.	the communist regime was pressured by the us and europe and also by the hate of its own people.
originally a large and prosperous phrygian city on the persian royal road, ankara became the center of the tectosages, one of the three gaulish tribes that settled permanently in galatia about 232 bc.	originally a large and prosperous phrygian city on the persian royal road, ankara became the center of the tectosages, one of the three celtic tribes that settled permanently in galatia about 232 bc.
, trump's presidential transition is underway and he is scheduled to be inaugurated on january 20, 2017. at 70 years old, he will be the oldest man to assume the presidency.	, trump's presidential transition is underway and he is scheduled to be inaugurated on january 20, 2017. at 70 years old, he will be the oldest person to assume the presidency.
proponents note that kyoto is an important first step , as requirements to meet the unfccc will be modified until the objective is met, as required by unfccc article 4.2(d).	proponents note that kyoto is an first step , as requirements to meet the unfccc will be modified until the objective is met, as required by unfccc article 4.2(d).
he died tragically in an aircraft accident with other members of the management board in june 2001.	he died in an aircraft accident with other members of the management board in june 2001.
little orphant annie is a poem written by beloved hoosier poet james whitcomb riley.	little orphant annie is a poem written by hoosier poet james whitcomb riley.
for such companies, the court's conservative majority directly struck down the contraceptive mandate, a regulation adopted by the us department of health and human services (hhs) under the affordable care act (aca) requiring employers to cover certain contraceptives for their female employees, by a 5-4 vote.	for such companies, the court's majority directly struck down the contraceptive mandate, a regulation adopted by the us department of health and human services (hhs) under the affordable care act (aca) requiring employers to cover certain contraceptives for their female employees, by a 5-4 vote.
set on a beautiful campus, it has a reputation for its rigorous academic programs (especially strong in engineering and the life sciences).	set on a scenic campus, it has a reputation for its rigorous academic programs (especially strong in engineering and the life sciences).
a court within a case has however, stated obiter (making it clear that they were not purporting to make as any binded position) that it was content to assume that the following proposition was correct: that parliament can effectively tie the hands of its successors, if it passes a statute which provides that any future legislation on a specified subject shall be enacted only with certain specified consents.	a court within a case has however, stated obiter (making it clear that they were not purporting to make as any binded position) that it was content to assume that the following proposition could be correct: that parliament can effectively tie the hands of its successors, if it passes a statute which provides that any future legislation on a specified subject shall be enacted only with certain specified consents.
james was an inveterate gambler, unfortunately a largely unsuccessful one, losing tens of thousands of pounds over his lifetime.	james was an inveterate gambler, and a largely unsuccessful one, losing tens of thousands of pounds over his lifetime.
"some observers foolishly believe that with the continued chipping away of the embargo, the trnc could end up with a political status similar to that of the republic of china (which has diplomatic relations with only 25 states, but otherwise no barriers to trade, tourism, and sport and de facto relations with most countries in the world in the form of ""economic and cultural"" offices)."	"some observers believe that with the continued chipping away of the embargo, the trnc could end up with a political status similar to that of the republic of china (which has diplomatic relations with only 25 states, but otherwise no barriers to trade, tourism, and sport and de facto relations with most countries in the world in the form of ""economic and cultural"" offices)."
july 21, 2005 - satyam acquired 100% stake in singapore-based knowledge dynamics, a leading data warehousing and business intelligence solutions provider	july 21, 2005 - satyam acquired 100% stake in singapore-based knowledge dynamics, a data warehousing and business intelligence solutions provider
the pseudo- documentary claims this to be typical signature of u.s. mk-48 torpedoes.	the documentary claims this to be typical signature of u.s. mk-48 torpedoes.
a football fan is jailed after a vicious attack on former england international goalkeeper chris kirkland during a match last week.	a football fan is jailed after a attack on former england international goalkeeper chris kirkland during a match last week.
"to quell concerns over this, beijing chose the motto of ""new beijing, great olympics"" in order to emphasize the country's movement towards new ideals for the new millennium.votes."	"to resolve concerns over this, beijing chose the motto of ""new beijing, great olympics"" in order to emphasize the country's movement towards new ideals for the new millennium.votes."
looting was prevalent and many azeris also discussed among themselves on who would take possession of what after they had broken into the apartments.	looting was prevalent and many attackers also discussed among themselves on who would take possession of what after they had broken into the apartments.
"detractors of dhabah all, most notably some animal welfare groups, contend that this method of slaughter ""causes severe suffering to animals"" compared to when the animal is stunned before slaughter."	"opponents of dhabah all, most notably some animal welfare groups, contend that this method of slaughter ""causes severe suffering to animals"" compared to when the animal is stunned before slaughter."
"kavita is a beautiful indian first name that means ""poem"" or ""poetry"" in many indian languages."	"kavita is a common indian first name that means ""poem"" or ""poetry"" in many indian languages."
transcendental meditation or tm is an ancient form of meditation which has its foundation in vedanta philosophy.	transcendental meditation or tm is an a form of meditation which has its foundation in vedanta philosophy.
schilling is a big game pitcher with great postseason stats.	schilling is a big game pitcher with outstanding postseason stats.
virtualdub has excellent digital and analog capture capabilities.	virtualdub has digital and analog capture capabilities.
breitbart news network (known commonly as breitbart news, breitbart or breitbart.com) is a far-right	breitbart news network (known commonly as breitbart news, breitbart or breitbart.com) is a
those who are serious are often motivated by pseudoscience or excessive biblical literalism.	those who are serious are often motivated by pseudoscience or biblical literalism.
the memoir gives a fascinating portrayal of an odd literary marriage at its inception.	the memoir gives a portrayal of an odd literary marriage at its inception.
zhukov's proponents often explain his brutality by the incredible pressure he was under.	zhukov's proponents often explain his actions by the incredible pressure he was under.
bu ng (born nguyn phc bu ng), prestiguous vietnamese roman catholic priest	bu ng (born nguyn phc bu ng), vietnamese roman catholic priest
one of the most crucial elements of a convincing cold reading is a gullible subject eager to make connections or reinterpret vague statements in any way that will help the reader appear to have made specific predictions or intuitions.	one of the most crucial elements of a convincing cold reading is a subject eager to make connections or reinterpret vague statements in any way that will help the reader appear to have made specific predictions or intuitions.
as a member of the culture, media and sport select committee, he questioned rupert and james murdoch, along with former news of the world editor rebekah brooks, in a committee session on 19 july 2011. after the subsequent re-questioning of james murdoch on 10 november 2011, tom watson received widespread criticism for his likening of murdoch to a mafia boss.	as a member of the culture, media and sport select committee, he questioned rupert and james murdoch, along with former news of the world editor rebekah brooks, in a committee session on 19 july 2011. after the subsequent re-questioning of james murdoch on 10 november 2011, tom watson received widespread coverage for his likening of murdoch to a mafia boss.
another skeptic, dale beyerstein from canada, has proven that sathya sai baba's claims of omniscience and omnipotence are untrue.	another skeptic, dale beyerstein from canada, has shown that sathya sai baba's claims of omniscience and omnipotence are untrue.
these smaller, relatively simple ships played a vital role in the u.s. victory, and were built in record time.	these smaller, relatively simple ships played a vital role in the allied victory, and were built in record time.
the munich massacre is an informal name for events that occurred during the 1972 summer olympics in munich, bavaria in southern west germany, when members of the israeli olympic team were taken hostage and eventually killed by the palestinian terrorist group black september.	the munich massacre is an informal name for events that occurred during the 1972 summer olympics in munich, bavaria in southern west germany, when members of the israeli olympic team were taken hostage and eventually killed by the palestinian group black september.
eugene f. mallove (june 9, 1947 - may 14, 2004) was the publisher and editor of the science magazine infinite energy, founder and president of the non-profit new energy foundation, a strong proponent of cold fusion and the concept of massfree energy or 'aether energy' (also called 'vacuum energy' and confused with zero-point energy), and an active supporter of research into alternative-energy systems.	eugene f. mallove (june 9, 1947 - may 14, 2004) was the publisher and editor of the pseudoscience magazine infinite energy, founder and president of the non-profit new energy foundation, a strong proponent of cold fusion and the concept of massfree energy or 'aether energy' (also called 'vacuum energy' and confused with zero-point energy), and an active supporter of research into alternative-energy systems.
it lacked the color capabilities of the earlier apple ii, instead preferring a much higher pixel resolution, but the operating system support for the gui attracted developers of some interesting games (e.g.	it lacked the color capabilities of the earlier apple ii, instead preferring a much higher pixel resolution, but the operating system support for the gui attracted developers of some games (e.g.
as not only the holy bible, but other ancient writings from various cultures make reference to a 'great flood' at the same time, it is possible that these legends are associated with this event.	as not only the bible, but other ancient writings from various cultures make reference to a 'great flood' at the same time, it is possible that these legends are associated with this event.
s.k.gurunathan, (born 1 august 1908 - died 5 may 1966), was a fine sports journalist and is regarded as the father of cricket statistics in india.	s.k.gurunathan, (born 1 august 1908 - died 5 may 1966), was a sports journalist and is regarded as the father of cricket statistics in india.
"in the same year, in tokyo the club won its first intercontinental cup, beating johann cruyff's overrated ""dream team"" fc barcelona 2-1, after reversing the score."	"in the same year, in tokyo the club won its first intercontinental cup, beating johann cruyff's ""dream team"" fc barcelona 2-1, after reversing the score."
"media matters for america, a liberal news group which is a self-described ""web-based, not-for-profit, progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the u.s. media"", has also been critical."	"media matters for america, a news group which is a self-described ""web-based, not-for-profit, progressive research and information center dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the u.s. media"", has also been critical."
the feinstein ak mag is a 3d printed magazine for the ak-47 assault rifle.	the feinstein ak mag is a 3d printed magazine for the ak-47 rifle.
loni love (born 1971), american actress and comedienne	loni love (born 1971), american actress and comedian
they owe their striking shade of white to their composition of chalk and are up to 300 feet high in places.	they owe their shade of white to their composition of chalk and are up to 300 feet high in places.
typically, such underprovision exists when the benefits to viewers are relatively high in comparison to the benefits to advertisers from contacting viewers.	typically, such underprovision is argued to exist when the benefits to viewers are relatively high in comparison to the benefits to advertisers from contacting viewers.
because of her convincing portrayal of a lesbian in set it off and her avoidance of discussing her romantic life, tabloid media sometimes speculate that she is a lesbian.	because of her portrayal of a lesbian in set it off and her avoidance of discussing her romantic life, tabloid media sometimes speculate that she is a lesbian.
in 1967 she completed her studies and obtained the title of doctor of humanistic sciences for her study on educational ideology of the sanacja and its reflection in education policies of 1926-1939. her work was to be published the following year by the pwn, but in 1968, after the anti-intelligentsia campaign of the communist regime , it was banned by the censorship.	in 1967 she completed her studies and obtained the title of doctor of humanistic sciences for her study on educational ideology of the sanacja and its reflection in education policies of 1926-1939. her work was to be published the following year by the pwn, but in 1968, after the anti-intelligentsia campaign of the communist authorites , it was banned by the censorship.
"this type of evasive reply has since come to be known as the ""glomar response"" or ""glomarization."""	"this type of non-responsive reply has since come to be known as the ""glomar response"" or ""glomarization."""
comedienne phyllis diller had a stage persona which included holding a long cigarette holder from which she pretended to smoke (though she was a nonsmoker in real life).	comedian phyllis diller had a stage persona which included holding a long cigarette holder from which she pretended to smoke (though she was a nonsmoker in real life).
expelled: no intelligence allowed is a controversial documentary film which argues that educators and scientists are being persecuted for their belief that there is evidence of design in nature.	expelled: no intelligence allowed is a controversial documentary film which claims that educators and scientists are being persecuted for their belief that there is evidence of design in nature.
the new york times reporting has predictably been criticized and one science writer has taken issue with one instance of the newspaper's presentation and explanation of its calculations regarding dilution, charging that a lack of context made the article's analysis uninformative.	the new york times reporting has been criticized and one science writer has taken issue with one instance of the newspaper's presentation and explanation of its calculations regarding dilution, charging that a lack of context made the article's analysis uninformative.
unfortunately , the rebels' main body was close at hand.	however , the rebels' main body was close at hand.
it became commercially successful in the late 1980s and early 1990s, peaking in mainstream popularity between 1991 and 1994. bands from cities in the pacific northwest of the united states, such as seattle, washington, blake olympia, washington, and portland, oregon, created grunge and later made it popular with mainstream audiences.	it became commercially successful in the late 1980s and early 1990s, peaking in mainstream popularity between 1991 and 1994. bands from cities in the pacific northwest of the united states, such as seattle, washington, olympia, washington, and portland, oregon, created grunge and later made it popular with mainstream audiences.
"pro-lifers use terms such as ""unborn child"", ""unborn baby"", or ""prenatal"" (""postnatal"" refers to infant after birth) to refer to the human zygote, embryo, or fetus in any stage of gestation up until birth."	"pro-lifers use terms such as ""unborn child"", ""unborn baby"", or ""prenatal"" (""postnatal"" refers to infant after birth) to refer to the zygote, embryo, or fetus in any stage of gestation up until birth."
critics of the bush administration charged that shinseki was forced into early retirement as army chief of staff because of his comments on troop levels.	critics of the bush administration allege that shinseki was forced into early retirement as army chief of staff because of his comments on troop levels.
in 2006 and 2007, burton was deservedly nominated for an emmy award for her portrayal of ellis grey.	in 2006 and 2007, burton was nominated for an emmy award for her portrayal of ellis grey.
judith amanda 'judy' geeson (born 10 september 1948) is a british actress .	judith amanda 'judy' geeson (born 10 september 1948) is a british actor .
the huffington post is an american liberal news website and aggregated weblog founded by arianna huffington and kenneth lerer, featuring various news sources and columnists.	the huffington post is an american news website and aggregated weblog founded by arianna huffington and kenneth lerer, featuring various news sources and columnists.
unfortunately , these centres are not affiliated to sivnanda's ashrams which are run by the divine life society.	however , these centres are not affiliated to sivnanda's ashrams which are run by the divine life society.
there are some issues prevalent in most middle eastern countries, mostly due to their common islamic background.	there are some issues prevalent in most middle eastern countries, often due to their common islamic background.
nevertheless, following the invasion by five arab armies into the state of israel in may 1948, the haganah and irgun occupied lydda and ramlah in july 1948 and the place was the site of one of the darkest episodes of the war: scores of civilians were killed in the assault, 28 villages destroyed and at least 40,000 people evicted from their homes after an order issued personally by david ben-gurion and signed by the field commander in the area, the future prime minister yitzhak rabin (who would later express some regret about this episode in his memoirs).	nevertheless, following the invasion by five arab armies into the state of israel in may 1948, the haganah and irgun occupied lydda and ramlah in july 1948 and the place was the site of one of the most serious episodes of the war: scores of civilians were killed in the assault, 28 villages destroyed and at least 40,000 people evicted from their homes after an order issued personally by david ben-gurion and signed by the field commander in the area, the future prime minister yitzhak rabin (who would later express some regret about this episode in his memoirs).
despite their constant preoccupation with war, members of the artuklu dynasty left brilliant architectural monuments.	despite their constant preoccupation with war, members of the artuklu dynasty left many architectural monuments.
a poll matching trump against likely republican nominee george w. bush and likely democratic nominee al gore showed trump with only seven percent support.	a poll matching trump against likely republican nominee george w. bush and likely democratic nominee al gore showed trump with seven percent support.
she has performed around the world at prestigious venues including carnegie hall, the white house and the kennedy center.	she has performed around the world at venues including carnegie hall, the white house and the kennedy center.
he did manage to retain his seat by a confortable margin against ndp up-and-comer alexis macdonald.	he did manage to retain his seat by a confortable margin against ndp candidate alexis macdonald.
roland west's first wife was beautiful actress jewel carmen, although the two would eventually become estranged, and west began a longtime affair with actress thelma todd.	roland west's first wife was actress jewel carmen, although the two would eventually become estranged, and west began a longtime affair with actress thelma todd.
on 27 january 2018 newport achieved a creditable 11 draw to force a replay at tottenham's temporary home ground wembley stadium.	on 27 january 2018 newport achieved a 11 draw to force a replay at tottenham's temporary home ground wembley stadium.
in november 2006 nicky hager published a book (the hollow men) detailing , amongst other issues, the involvement of the raven-taylor-hales brethren with the national party.	in november 2006 nicky hager published a book (the hollow men) alleging , amongst other issues, the involvement of the raven-taylor-hales brethren with the national party.
hugely popular, the ipod provides great sound quality and the ability to hold immense amounts of music.	hugely popular, the ipod provides good sound quality and the ability to hold immense amounts of music.
it is also featured in the charming cartoon film, triplets of belleville.	it is also featured in the cartoon film, triplets of belleville.
calles became more and more right-wing as his power grew, and was known to have been moving toward fascism.	calles became more and more authoritarian as his power grew, and was known to have been moving toward fascism.
"it was turned into a terror training camp by hamas, which described it as a ""military training camp for martyrs."""	"it was turned into a training camp by hamas, which described it as a ""military training camp for martyrs."""
though irving's revisionist views of world war ii were never taken seriously by mainstream historians, he was once recognised for his knowledge of nazi germany and his ability to unearth new historical documents.	though irving's views of world war ii were never taken seriously by mainstream historians, he was once recognised for his knowledge of nazi germany and his ability to unearth new historical documents.
on the same morning lord edgware's murder is discovered, comedienne /actress carlotta adams, known for her uncanny impersonations, including one of wilkinson herself, is found dead from an overdose of veronal, a death poirot hoped he could prevent.	on the same morning lord edgware's murder is discovered, comedian /actress carlotta adams, known for her uncanny impersonations, including one of wilkinson herself, is found dead from an overdose of veronal, a death poirot hoped he could prevent.
the superb cd was not promoted heavily and few, outside of his fan-base, are aware of its existence.	the cd was not promoted heavily and few, outside of his fan-base, are aware of its existence.
jackson then spoke racist profanities and challenged terry to step outside, presumably for a physical fight .	jackson then spoke profanities and challenged terry to step outside, presumably for a physical fight .
interest in the microbial biodegradation of pollutants has intensified in recent years as mankind strives to find sustainable ways to cleanup contaminated environments.	interest in the microbial biodegradation of pollutants has intensified in recent years as humanity strives to find sustainable ways to cleanup contaminated environments.
beginning in 2004 freeh began moonlighting as an adjunct law professor for widener university school of law.	beginning in 2004 freeh began teaching as an adjunct law professor for widener university school of law.
most members of both political parties have called trump a fascist due to these remarks, which are alleged to be the same policies which hitler initially implemented for the identification of jews in nazi germany.	members of both political parties have called trump a fascist due to these remarks, which are alleged to be the same policies which hitler initially implemented for the identification of jews in nazi germany.
the revue was performed entirely by costumed males in drag and carlotta often performed spot-numbers as a singer and comedienne .	the revue was performed entirely by costumed males in drag and carlotta often performed spot-numbers as a singer and comedian .
{{infobox assassin	{{infobox criminal
trump university routinely denies the allegation.	trump university denies the allegation.
the diamond is legendary for the curse it supposedly puts on whoever possesses it.	the diamond is legendary for the curse it puts on whoever possesses it.
"the ignition system consists of a glow plug - hence the proper term ""glow"" engine - which has a coil of platinum containing wire alloy, usually platinum-iridium."	"the ignition system consists of a glow plug - hence the older term ""glow"" engine - which has a coil of platinum containing wire alloy, usually platinum-iridium."
"following the virginia tech massacre on april 16, 2007, the afa released a controversial video in which ""god"" tells a student that students killed in schools were not saved because god isn't allowed in schools anymore."	"following the virginia tech massacre on april 16, 2007, the afa released a video in which ""god"" tells a student that students killed in schools were not saved because god isn't allowed in schools anymore."
be cool is a 2005 american crime-comedy film adapted from elmore leonard's 1999 novel of the same name and the sequel to leonard's 1990 novel get shorty (itself adapted into a hit 1995 film of the same name) about mobster chili palmer's entrance into the music industry.	be cool is a 2005 american crime-comedy film adapted from elmore leonard's 1999 novel of the same name and the sequel to leonard's 1990 novel get shorty (itself adapted into a 1995 film of the same name) about mobster chili palmer's entrance into the music industry.
23:31), from the people occupying a large portion of its shores near the israelites.	23:31), from the people inhabiting a large portion of its shores near the israelites.
"elliott erwitt, really elio romano erwitt, (born 26 july 1928) is an american advertising and documentary photographer known for his black and white candid shots of ironic and absurd situations within everyday settings a master of henri cartier-bresson's ""decisive moment""."	"elliott erwitt, born elio romano erwitt, (born 26 july 1928) is an american advertising and documentary photographer known for his black and white candid shots of ironic and absurd situations within everyday settings a master of henri cartier-bresson's ""decisive moment""."
"hospers became friends with ayn rand in 1961. according to the daily objectivist, ""hospers wasn't exactly a libertarian when he met ayn rand, but he largely came around to her way of thinking..."" recognizing that rand's ethical system could also be supported by others who do not subscribe to the objectivist epistemology and metaphysics, he codified a somewhat broader common principle that opposes the initiation of physical force."	"hospers became friends with ayn rand in 1961. according to the daily objectivist, ""hospers wasn't exactly a libertarian when he met ayn rand, but he largely came around to her way of thinking..."" believing that rand's ethical system could also be supported by others who do not subscribe to the objectivist epistemology and metaphysics, he codified a somewhat broader common principle that opposes the initiation of physical force."
in the 2015 six nations, alun wyn formed a deadly second row partnership with luke charteris and was also considered as wales's best player of the championship, as well as winning two man of the match awards vs scotland and italy.	in the 2015 six nations, alun wyn formed a second row partnership with luke charteris and was also considered as wales's best player of the championship, as well as winning two man of the match awards vs scotland and italy.
she is vivid characteristic and comedienne .	she is vivid characteristic and comedian .
davenport hosts high-profile events at his residence.	davenport hosts events at his residence.
"american who, the internet audio magazine on ""doctor who"""	"american who, internet audio magazine on ""doctor who"""
`abdu'l-bah `abbs effend (may 23, 1844 - november 28, 1921) commonly known as `abdu'l-bah (abdol-ba-haa ), was the son of bah'u'llh, the prophet-founder of the bah' faith.	`abdu'l-bah `abbs effend (may 23, 1844 - november 28, 1921) commonly known as `abdu'l-bah (abdol-ba-haa ), was the son of bah'u'llh, the founder of the bah' faith.
according to the published article, banton was allegedly one of a group of about a dozen armed men who forced their way into a house in kingston on the morning of june 24 and beat the occupants while shouting anti-gay insults , according to the victims.	according to the published article, banton was allegedly one of a group of about a dozen armed men who forced their way into a house in kingston on the morning of june 24 and beat the occupants while shouting anti-gay slogan s , according to the victims.
"bolland's covers also grace the dc/vertigo trade paperback collections of grant morrison's doom patrol, although he only produced ""a couple"" of covers for the individual issues."	"bolland's covers also appear on the dc/vertigo trade paperback collections of grant morrison's doom patrol, although he only produced ""a couple"" of covers for the individual issues."
however more personal family records confirm that wragge did not remain a theosophist up until his passing in 1922.	however more personal family records confirm that wragge did not remain a theosophist up until his death in 1922.
in 1977 casa worked with several other latino organizations to advocate for amnesty to undocumented immigrants and against sanctions applied to employers who hired them.	in 1977 casa worked with several other latino organizations to advocate for amnesty to illegal immigrants and against sanctions applied to employers who hired them.
the stoma complex regulates the exchange of gases and water vapour between the outside air and the interior of the leaf.	the stoma complex regulates the exchange of gases and water vapor between the outside air and the interior of the leaf.
krishnamurthy goud was born on 2 october 1938 in kurnool of andhra pradesh to k.e.	krishnamurthy was born on 2 october 1938 in kurnool of andhra pradesh to k.e.
this proves that statistical analysis without preconceptions can reveal general grammatical rules at a human like accuracy.	this has been suggested as proof that statistical analysis without preconceptions can reveal general grammatical rules at a human like accuracy.
palikot left civic platform in 2010 and founded movement of support, later renamed palikot's movement, an anti-clerical and neoliberal party, which won 10 percent of the vote in the 2011 parliamentary election.	palikot left civic platform in 2010 and founded movement of support, later renamed palikot's movement, an anti-clerical and liberal party, which won 10 percent of the vote in the 2011 parliamentary election.
most archaeologists in israel, including amnon ben-tor, amihai mazar, and lawrence stager, reject this theory as it is contradicted by scientific understandings of strata formulation and the general development of the region.	most archaeologists in israel, including amnon ben-tor, amihai mazar, and lawrence stager, reject this theory , claiming that it is contradicted by scientific understandings of strata formulation and the general development of the region.
satchel paige – legendary baseball player	satchel paige – baseball player
south africa is home to an estimated five million illegal immigrants, including some three million zimbabweans.	south africa is home to an estimated five million undocumented immigrants, including some three million zimbabweans.
life is a uk-based pro-life caring and educational charity (registered national charity no.	life is a uk-based pro-life care-giving and educational charity (registered national charity no.
monument to the heroes of the khotin uprising.	monument to the men of the khotin uprising.
the epa has issued volkswagen a notice of violation, alleging that the software functions as a defeat device, as defined in the us clean air act.	the epa has issued volkswagen a notice of violation, saying that the software functions as a defeat device, as defined in the us clean air act.
most residents commute to jobs in philadelphia, wilmington, and new york city, with the help of excellent expressways and freeways.	most residents commute to jobs in philadelphia, wilmington, and new york city, with the help of expressways and freeways.
jack shepherd's lively 'prologue production' of the two gentlemen of verona starring mark rylance as proteus, opened the globe to the theatregoing public in august 1996, a year before the formal opening gala.	jack shepherd's 'prologue production' of the two gentlemen of verona starring mark rylance as proteus, opened the globe to the theatregoing public in august 1996, a year before the formal opening gala.
while in the house, richardson sponsored some of the most important native american bills that were signed into law by president bill clinton.	while in the house, richardson sponsored some of the most prominent native american bills that were signed into law by president bill clinton.
geoff clark, atsic chairman held civilly liable for participations in pack rapes, awaiting appeal	geoff clark, atsic chairperson held civilly liable for participations in pack rapes, awaiting appeal
"in return for removing most of the israeli settlements in those areas, the palestinians would severely limit their ""right of return"" to israeli-held land."	"in return for removing most of the israeli settlements in those areas, the palestinians would limit their ""right of return"" to israeli-held land."
unfortunately tv and radio are still politically controlled, via radio and tv committee, currently by leftist government circles.	however, tv and radio are still politically controlled, via radio and tv committee, currently by leftist government circles.
marriage promotion is a neoliberal policy aiming to produce strong families for the purposes of social security; as found in 21st century american maternalism.	marriage promotion is a policy aiming to produce strong families for the purposes of social security; as found in 21st century american maternalism.
although flash is able to integrate bitmaps and other raster-based art, as well as video, most flash films are created using only vector-based drawings which often result in a somewhat clean graphic appearance.	flash is able to integrate bitmaps and other raster-based art, as well as video, most flash films are created using only vector-based drawings which often result in a somewhat clean graphic appearance.
nadia murad basee taha (; born 1993 in kojo, sinjar, iraq) is an iraqi yazidi-kurdish human rights activist who lives in germany.	nadia murad basee taha (; born 1993 in kojo, sinjar, iraq) is an iraqi yazidi human rights activist who lives in germany.
run on multiple operating systems, its main focus being those based on the gnu/ linux system.	run on multiple operating systems, its main focus being those based on the linux system.
kimberley brewery has recently been taken over by greene king, another major brewer in a multi million pound deal which sadly marks the end of the traditional kimberley ales as brewing will now cease and there will only be a distribution centre in the area.	kimberley brewery has recently been taken over by greene king, another major brewer in a multi million pound deal which marks the end of the traditional kimberley ales as brewing will now cease and there will only be a distribution centre in the area.
kuzmich received great press attention due to her disability , including talk show appearances (such as being interviewed on good morning america and an article in the new york times).	kuzmich received great press attention due to her asperger's , including talk show appearances (such as being interviewed on good morning america and an article in the new york times).
this song is a popular christmas song and certain radio stations play it during the christmas season.	this song is a popular christmas song and many radio stations play it during the christmas season.
dymaxion map by buckminster fuller shows land masses with minimal distortion as nearly one continuous continent	dymaxion map by buckminster fuller shows land masses with minimal distortion as nearly one continuous body.
profits announced mid december undermined the government's case that the company had ceased to be commercially viable and a long and politically embarrassing legal battle looked likely.	profits announced mid december were claimed to undermine the government's case that the company had ceased to be commercially viable and a long and politically embarrassing legal battle looked likely.
under hayden's leadership, apple hired new york hipster talk show personality dick cavett as a spokesman and put apple commercials on mass-audience television programming.	under hayden's leadership, apple hired new york talk show personality dick cavett as a spokesman and put apple commercials on mass-audience television programming.
is a protest song by the british rock band queen, which was originally released on their eleventh studio album the works in 1984.	is a song by the british rock band queen, which was originally released on their eleventh studio album the works in 1984.
but sadly with the european occupation during the 16th and 18th centuries more emphasis was given to plantation crops until the 20th century when once again it was given attention.	but with the european occupation during the 16th and 18th centuries more emphasis was given to plantation crops until the 20th century when once again it was given attention.
the average of many expert polls of historians which ranked us presidents places carter's presidency in 27th place, tying with gerald ford.	the average of many polls of historians which ranked us presidents places carter's presidency in 27th place, tying with gerald ford.
rachel dolezal (born 1977), white american woman who misrepresented herself as black for eight years	rachel dolezal (born 1977), white american woman who represented herself as black for eight years
perhaps the most distinct quality of the game was the outstanding background music created by stphane picq.	perhaps the most distinct quality of the game was the background music created by stphane picq.
bent progressed through ipswich town's famous youth system, having joined the club at the age of 14 in 1998, after considering a possible career in athletics.	bent progressed through ipswich town's youth system, having joined the club at the age of 14 in 1998, after considering a possible career in athletics.
he insisted he was an honorable man and falsely claimed he had never killed anyone.	he insisted he was an honorable man and claimed he had never killed anyone.
the minnesota native began singing in church as a child and studied opera at concordia college in moorhead, minnesota, before pursuing a career as an actress, singer, dancer, and comedienne .	the minnesota native began singing in church as a child and studied opera at concordia college in moorhead, minnesota, before pursuing a career as an actress, singer, dancer, and comedian .
in his blogs, he openly stated his support for barack obama.	in his blogs, he stated his support for barack obama.
"many exceptions in english spelling are the result of misguided attempts by scholars to ""correct"" older spelling by adding silent letters to reflect the word's latin or greek origin, or create a false correlation with those."	"many exceptions in english spelling are the result of attempts by scholars to ""correct"" older spelling by adding silent letters to reflect the word's latin or greek origin, or create a false correlation with those."
hindustan, the third major name in use from mughal times onwards also has it roots from sindhu/indus, however its appropriateness as a national signifier is debated by some for sundry reasons.	hindustan, the third major name in use from mughal times onwards also has it roots from sindhu/indus, however its appropriateness as a national signifier is debated by some for various reasons.
mikulov, a picturesque town settled in the middle ages, is located in the southernmost part of chko plava, and contains buildings of historical and architectural significance, such as mikulov castle.	mikulov, a town settled in the middle ages, is located in the southernmost part of chko plava, and contains buildings of historical and architectural significance, such as mikulov castle.
however, they then suffered a huge upset defeat to france in the quarterfinals, a single conversion being the difference between the two teams in a match marred by controversial decisions by junior english referee wayne barnes.	however, they then suffered a huge upset defeat to france in the quarterfinals, a single conversion being the difference between the two teams in a match marred by controversial decisions by english referee wayne barnes.
hasib mir hussain (september 16, 1986 – july 7, 2005) was one of four murderers who detonated bombs on three trains on the london underground and one bus in central london during the 7 july 2005 london bombings.	hasib mir hussain (september 16, 1986 – july 7, 2005) was one of four terrorists who detonated bombs on three trains on the london underground and one bus in central london during the 7 july 2005 london bombings.
"rachel dratch's character hilariously critiques his work: ""that's a dead-on donald fagen!"""	"rachel dratch's character critiques his work: ""that's a dead-on donald fagen!"""
the slug-themed pageant started in 1983, and eugene celebrated the slug queen coronation's 25th year with a silver jubilee in august 2007. the silver jubilee queen is (now) old queen glorious gastropause, also known as comedienne leigh anne jashaway.	the slug-themed pageant started in 1983, and eugene celebrated the slug queen coronation's 25th year with a silver jubilee in august 2007. the silver jubilee queen is (now) old queen glorious gastropause, also known as comedian leigh anne jashaway.
upon release, prism received mixed-to- positive reviews from music critics.	upon release, prism received generally positive reviews from music critics.
a condensed version of beckwith's 1984 ma thesis on the bah' faith was published by bethany house in 1985. much of the apologetic method he employed was based firmly within the evidentialist school of thought.	a condensed version of beckwith's 1984 ma thesis on the bah' faith was published by bethany house in 1985. much of the apologetic method he employed was based within the evidentialist school of thought.
"however, they differ enough from mainstream canadian speech that aboriginal peoples (the first nations aka ""indians"", mtis people of mixed first nations and european ancestry, and inuit formerly ""eskimos"") are often identifiable by their speech to non-aboriginals."	"however, they differ enough from mainstream canadian speech that aboriginal peoples (the first nations aka ""indians"", mtis people of mixed first nations and european ancestry, and inuit aka ""eskimos"") are often identifiable by their speech to non-aboriginals."
playful reference is also made to kit forms and toy stuctures, an attempt to bring the spirit of the ship back to the beginning of her journey.	reference is also made to kit forms and toy stuctures, an attempt to bring the spirit of the ship back to the beginning of her journey.
the apocryphal book of enoch (3rd~2nd century bce) recounts that a group of 200 rebellious angels, or watchers, left heaven and came down to earth to marry human women and have children with them.	the book of enoch (3rd~2nd century bce) recounts that a group of 200 rebellious angels, or watchers, left heaven and came down to earth to marry human women and have children with them.
in 2007, in the wake of the publication of former president jimmy carter's controversial book, palestine: peace not apartheid, sher made news when he disclosed that carter had written a letter in 1987 asking osi to forgo deportation of a former waffen ss guard without contacting the office first to find out the justice department's view of the case.	in 2007, in the wake of the publication of former president jimmy carter's book, palestine: peace not apartheid, sher made news when he disclosed that carter had written a letter in 1987 asking osi to forgo deportation of a former waffen ss guard without contacting the office first to find out the justice department's view of the case.
"the ""celtic phoenix"" is a term coined by journalist and satirist paul howard for his fictional ross o'carroll-kelly character."	celtic phoenix is a term coined by journalist and satirist paul howard for his fictional ross o'carroll-kelly character.
"warsaw is also known as the ""phoenix city"", as it was completely destroyed during world war ii, and rebuilt with the heroic effort of polish citizens."	"warsaw is also known as the ""phoenix city"", as it was completely destroyed during world war ii, and rebuilt with the effort of polish citizens."
"during the japanese occupation, aguinaldo cooperated with the japanese, making speeches, issuing articles and infamous radio addresses in support of the japanese — including a radio appeal to gen. douglas macarthur on corregidor to surrender in order to ""spare the innocence of the filipino youth."""	"during the japanese occupation, aguinaldo cooperated with the japanese, making speeches, issuing articles and radio addresses in support of the japanese — including a radio appeal to gen. douglas macarthur on corregidor to surrender in order to ""spare the innocence of the filipino youth."""
"in a february 9, 2007 editoral published in the boston globe entitled, ""no change in political climate"", goodman offensively likened so-called ""global warming deniers"" to people who deny the holocaust."	"in a february 9, 2007 editoral published in the boston globe entitled, ""no change in political climate"", goodman likened so-called ""global warming deniers"" to people who deny the holocaust."
hrolf ganger, likely founder of normandy.	hrolf ganger, possible founder of normandy.
this sound was emulated by the yamaha dx7 with a patch (known as the dx7 rhodes) that was enormously popular during the 1980s, and caused several players to abandon the rhodes in favour of the dx7.	this sound was emulated by the yamaha dx7 with a patch (known as the dx7 rhodes) that was popular during the 1980s, and caused several players to abandon the rhodes in favour of the dx7.
"among his major accomplishments as a state legislator, obama's u.s. senate web site lists: ""creating programs like the state earned income tax credit""; ""an expansion of early childhood education""; and ""legislation requiring the videotaping of interrogations and confessions in all capital cases."""	"among his accomplishments as a state legislator, obama's u.s. senate web site lists: ""creating programs like the state earned income tax credit""; ""an expansion of early childhood education""; and ""legislation requiring the videotaping of interrogations and confessions in all capital cases."""
the uniting and strengthening america by providing appropriate tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism act of 2001 (public law 107-56), commonly known as the usa patriot act or simply the patriot act, is an unconstitutional american act which was signed into law by president george w. bush on october 26, 2001. the act passed in the senate by a vote of 98 to 1, and in the house by a vote of 357 to 66. although the bill enjoyed widespread congressional and presidential support it is a very controversial federal legislation.	the uniting and strengthening america by providing appropriate tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism act of 2001 (public law 107-56), commonly known as the usa patriot act or simply the patriot act, is an american act which was signed into law by president george w. bush on october 26, 2001. the act passed in the senate by a vote of 98 to 1, and in the house by a vote of 357 to 66. although the bill enjoyed widespread congressional and presidential support it is a very controversial federal legislation.
the nativity of jesus, or simply the nativity, is the story of the birth of jesus of nazareth in christian mythology .	the nativity of jesus, or simply the nativity, is the story of the birth of jesus of nazareth in christian lore .
it is noted for its trout and sea trout (sewin) fishing and for its beautiful scenery.	it is noted for its trout and sea trout (sewin) fishing and for its scenery.
livestock suffered greatly due to the barn failures: the animals were crushed under the weight of the collapsed structures, a story that was sadly repeated many times throughout the afflicted region.	livestock suffered greatly due to the barn failures: the animals were crushed under the weight of the collapsed structures, a story that was repeated many times throughout the afflicted region.
"the proper term for such a part is ad libitum, or ad lib., or simply ""optional"", since ad lib."	"the traditional term for such a part is ad libitum, or ad lib., or simply ""optional"", since ad lib."
home alone: the holiday heist (also known as home alone 5 or home alone 5: the holiday heist) is a 2012 american comedy television film and the fifth and final installment in the successful home alone franchise.	home alone: the holiday heist (also known as home alone 5 or home alone 5: the holiday heist) is a 2012 american comedy television film and the fifth and final installment in the home alone franchise.
outwardly somewhat resembling the commodore 128, the amiga 500 utilizes a motorola 68000 microprocessor running at (ntsc) or (pal).	outwardly resembling the commodore 128, the amiga 500 utilizes a motorola 68000 microprocessor running at (ntsc) or (pal).
"the ""flyaway"" cost of each missile is estimated at only $20-70 million."	"the ""flyaway"" cost of each missile is estimated at $20-70 million."
neo-objectivists, who have argued that objectivism is an open system (i.e., one that is not limited to rand's own pronouncements on philosophical issues) have departed from rand's antipathy toward the libertarian label.	neo-objectivists, who have argued that objectivism is an open system (i.e., one that is not limited to rand's own positions on philosophical issues) have departed from rand's antipathy toward the libertarian label.
"a foreword from the former wehrmacht general hans guderian provided an endorsement for the waffen-ss troops and praised them as ""the first realization of the european idea""."	"a foreword from the former wehrmacht general hans guderian provided an endorsement for the waffen-ss troops and referred to them as ""the first realization of the european idea""."
tokio hotel is a german boy band founded in magdeburg, germany in 2001 by singer bill kaulitz, guitarist tom kaulitz, drummer gustav schfer and bassist georg listing.	tokio hotel is a german band founded in magdeburg, germany in 2001 by singer bill kaulitz, guitarist tom kaulitz, drummer gustav schfer and bassist georg listing.
in king of the hill joseph gribble is revealed to have a half-sister, due to his mother, nancy gribble's, affairs with john redcorn, who also cheated on her around the time with another woman, thus giving birth to his half-sister kate, the two share a brief relationship, although fortunately do not share anything sexually.	in king of the hill joseph gribble is revealed to have a half-sister, due to his mother, nancy gribble's, affairs with john redcorn, who also cheated on her around the time with another woman, thus giving birth to his half-sister kate, the two share a brief relationship, although do not share anything sexually.
"it is alleged that masonic initiation rituals for the scotish rite degrees (commonly mislabeled as being ""higher"" or ""advanced"" degrees ) are anti-catholic (see below)"	"it is alleged that masonic initiation rituals for the scotish rite degrees (commonly thought of as being ""higher"" or ""advanced"" degrees ) are anti-catholic (see below)"
harrow school, normally just known as harrow, is one of the world's best schools.	harrow school, normally just known as harrow, is one of the world's most famous schools.
the 1981 law imposed israeli citizenship on the syrian citizens who remained in the area after the 1967 war.	the 1981 law assigned israeli citizenship on the syrian citizens who remained in the area after the 1967 war.
metodi tasev shatorov - sharlo (bulgarian: - and macedonian cyrillic: ja - ) (1897 in prilep, ottoman empire 1944 near pazardjik, bulgaria) was a macedonia n politician and outstanding leader of the macedonian communists during the first half of 20th century.	metodi tasev shatorov - sharlo (bulgarian: - and macedonian cyrillic: ja - ) (1897 in prilep, ottoman empire 1944 near pazardjik, bulgaria) was a bulgaria n politician and outstanding leader of the macedonian communists during the first half of 20th century.
dr machaiah who hails from the picturesque hill district of coorg (kodagu) is settled in bengaluru, india.	dr machaiah who hails from the hill district of coorg (kodagu) is settled in bengaluru, india.
moreover the boundary between fiction and non-fiction is disregarded in kiarostami's cinema.	moreover the boundary between fiction and non-fiction is significantly reduced in kiarostami's cinema.
it is home to a wealth of bird life, most prominently the black kite, and also to an amazing array of butterflies.	it is home to a wealth of bird life, most prominently the black kite, and also to an array of butterflies.
asp parabens in deodorants and antiperspirants linked to breast cancer (nicnas)	y=11 parabens in deodorants and antiperspirants linked to breast cancer (nicnas)
"some of his most hostile racist views can be found in his poetry, particularly in ""on the creation of niggers,"" and ""new england fallen"" (both 1912)."	"some of his most racist views can be found in his poetry, particularly in ""on the creation of niggers,"" and ""new england fallen"" (both 1912)."
one night a terrible storm battered his vessel severely.	one night a storm battered his vessel severely.
"the disney corporation is notorious among cultural study scholars for ""reinventing"" traditional childhood myths (koven, ""folklore studies and popular film and television: a necessary critical survey"", 176195)."	"the disney corporation is well-known among cultural study scholars for ""reinventing"" traditional childhood myths (koven, ""folklore studies and popular film and television: a necessary critical survey"", 176195)."
with the advent of germ theory, however, german forester robert hartig in the early 20th century realized the opposite was the case, and developed a new model for tree decay: when trees are wounded, fungi infect the wounds, and the result is decayed wood.	with the advent of germ theory, however, german forester robert hartig in the early 20th century theorized the opposite was the case, and developed a new model for tree decay: when trees are wounded, fungi infect the wounds, and the result is decayed wood.
with the publication of her 2003 book a scream in the silence the reclusive bardot has come under considerable fire for her anti-muslim and homophobic comments.	with the publication of her 2003 book a scream in the silence the reclusive bardot has come under considerable fire for comments which certains political fields describe as anti-muslim and homophobic comments.
reported practices included changing aspects of the contract without the consent of the customer, doubling or tripling fees and interest rates, changing billing due dates monthly, and invoking universal default|universal default on first offenders who's payments were a single day late.	reported practices included changing aspects of the contract without the consent of the customer, doubling or tripling fees and interest rates, changing billing due dates monthly, and invoking universal default on first offenders who's payments were a single day late.
jalaluddin haqqani, 78-79, afghani terrorist , founder of haqqani network.	jalaluddin haqqani, 78-79, afghani militant , founder of haqqani network.
they released only one album, 1998's maybe you've been brainwashed too, a pop rock album heavily influenced by the rock and soul of the 1970s, containing—among radio-friendly modern rock tracks and love songs—strong criticism of corporate america.	they released one album, 1998's maybe you've been brainwashed too, a pop rock album heavily influenced by the rock and soul of the 1970s, containing—among radio-friendly modern rock tracks and love songs—strong criticism of corporate america.
jerky is one of mankind 's original, critical and essential products; storable food.	jerky is one of humankind 's original, critical and essential products; storable food.
the people of lohr thus enjoy excellent drinking water.	the people of lohr thus enjoy high-quality drinking water.
"krugman has also harshly criticized china's exchange rate policy, which he believes to be a significant drag on global economic recovery from the late-2000s recession, and he has advocated a ""surcharge"" on chinese imports to the us in response."	"krugman has also criticized china's exchange rate policy, which he believes to be a significant drag on global economic recovery from the late-2000s recession, and he has advocated a ""surcharge"" on chinese imports to the us in response."
"clinton later clarified that she ""regrets saying half of trump's supporters"", but the trump campaign repeatedly used the phrase against her during and after the 2016 presidential election."	"clinton later said that she ""regrets saying half of trump's supporters"", but the trump campaign repeatedly used the phrase against her during and after the 2016 presidential election."
success (2000-2008)	breakout (2000-2008)
cambridge united, often incorrectly referred to in national footballing circles as simply cambridge, ignoring their smaller but older neighbours cambridge city, have been one of the more successful smaller clubs in english football, having had two spells in the league's second tier and reaching the quarter-finals of the fa cup twice and football league cup once.	cambridge united, often referred to in national footballing circles as simply cambridge, ignoring their smaller but older neighbours cambridge city, have been one of the more successful smaller clubs in english football, having had two spells in the league's second tier and reaching the quarter-finals of the fa cup twice and football league cup once.
it is because of hoover's long and controversial reign that fbi directors are now limited to 10-year terms.	it is because of hoover's long and controversial tenure that fbi directors are now limited to 10-year terms.
tng thanh h (born tng th thanh h oct 24, 1986 in g cng, tin giang, vietnam) is a prominent vietnamese actress and model.	tng thanh h (born tng th thanh h oct 24, 1986 in g cng, tin giang, vietnam) is a vietnamese actress and model.
in amsterdam, the capital of the netherlands, stewie and brian wander into de wallen, its red light district where, due to the countrys lax drug laws, marijuana is freely smoked in coffee houses.	in amsterdam, the capital of the netherlands, stewie and brian wander into de wallen, its red light district where, due to the countrys drug laws , marijuana is freely smoked in coffee houses.
one of the fascinating features of sasthamcotta temple is the abundance of monkeys that camp around.	one of the features of sasthamcotta temple is the abundance of monkeys that camp around.
it was also performed by fictional punk rock outfit hard core logo in bruce mcdonald's seminal 1997 mockumentary, hard core logo.	it was also performed by fictional punk rock outfit hard core logo in bruce mcdonald's 1997 mockumentary, hard core logo.
"it was described as ""the most disgusting incident i can recall in the history of cricket"" by the then prime minister of new zealand, rob muldoon, who also observed that ""it was an act of cowardice and i consider it appropriate that the australian team were wearing yellow""."	"it was described as ""the most disgusting incident i can recall in the history of cricket"" by the then prime minister of new zealand, rob muldoon, who also said that ""it was an act of cowardice and i consider it appropriate that the australian team were wearing yellow""."
"the critical response to left behind: eternal forces was generally negative, with an average critic rating of 45% at game rankings which included a ""b+"" rating from ugo, a 5.9/10 from ign, and a 3.4/10 from gamespot."	"the critical response to left behind: eternal forces was mostly negative, with an average critic rating of 45% at game rankings which included a ""b+"" rating from ugo, a 5.9/10 from ign, and a 3.4/10 from gamespot."
dr. phil young from the university of indianapolis was the judge from the early 1990s until his passing on january 7, 2009. don hanlin, founder of the white river academic league and indiana quiz bowl, and christine guyonneau of uindy were the interim judges.	dr. phil young from the university of indianapolis was the judge from the early 1990s until his death on january 7, 2009. don hanlin, founder of the white river academic league and indiana quiz bowl, and christine guyonneau of uindy were the interim judges.
thus, the ramayana may have been documented anywhere from around 7323 bc to extremely conservative estimates of 500 bc.	thus, the ramayana may have been documented anywhere from around 7323 bc to conservative estimates of 500 bc.
eva riccobono (7 february 1983) is an italian supermodel .	eva riccobono (7 february 1983) is an italian model .
jigme surrendered chamdo to the invading chinese.	jigme surrendered chamdo to the chinese.
there are several remarkable broadcasting facilities in berlin, more than in other comparable cities.	there are several broadcasting facilities in berlin, more than in other comparable cities.
"in a speech on december 13, bush falsely claimed he was reaching across party lines to bridge a divided america, saying, ""the president of the united states is the president of every single american, of every race, and every background."""	"in a speech on december 13, bush claimed he was reaching across party lines to bridge a divided america, saying, ""the president of the united states is the president of every single american, of every race, and every background."""
on january 15 2008, after attempts to entangle the hunting boat's propeller and bottles of malodorous acid were thrown onto the decks , two sea shepherd members benjamin potts and giles lane from the sea shepherd vessel mv steve irwin illegally boarded the japanese whale-hunting ship yushin maru no.	on january 15 2008, after attempts to entangle the hunting boat's propeller and bottles of malodorous acid were thrown onto the decks , two sea shepherd members benjamin potts and giles lane from the sea shepherd vessel mv steve irwin boarded the japanese whale-hunting ship yushin maru no.
after thus forging the first link of the partition treaty, patkul proceeded to moscow, and, at a secret conference held at preobrazhenskoye, easily persuaded peter the great to accede to the nefarious league on november 18, 1699. throughout the earlier, unluckier days of the great northern war, patkul was the mainstay of the confederates.	after thus forging the first link of the partition treaty, patkul proceeded to moscow, and, at a secret conference held at preobrazhenskoye, easily persuaded peter the great to accede to the league on november 18, 1699. throughout the earlier, unluckier days of the great northern war, patkul was the mainstay of the confederates.
he observed numerous conflicts between villagers and hacendados over the constant theft of village land, and in one terrible instance saw the hacendados torch an entire village.	he observed numerous conflicts between villagers and hacendados over the constant theft of village land, and in one instance saw the hacendados torch an entire village.
in 1969 he cofounded the violent marxist organization weather underground which was active during the 1960s and 1970s.	in 1969 he cofounded the radica marxist organization weather underground which was active during the 1960s and 1970s.
claire gordon (16 january 1941 13 april 2015) was an english film actress and comedienne known for leading and cameo roles in many british films from the late 1950s to the mid-1980s, and for working with most of the television comedy stars of that time.	claire gordon (16 january 1941 13 april 2015) was an english film actress and comedian known for leading and cameo roles in many british films from the late 1950s to the mid-1980s, and for working with most of the television comedy stars of that time.
he also vetoed the anti-discrimination law passed by parliament in 2008, saying truthfully it's a dangerous thread to freedom of an individual.	he also vetoed the anti-discrimination law passed by parliament in 2008, saying it's a dangerous thread to freedom of an individual.
soviet rule can be characterized by a threatening rise in intermarriages and abandonment of jewish identities seen in jews who had adopted leftist ideals, such as leon trotsky, maxim litvinov, lazar kaganovich, karl marx, and perhaps yuri andropov.	soviet rule can be characterized by a rise in intermarriages and abandonment of jewish identities seen in jews who had adopted leftist ideals, such as leon trotsky, maxim litvinov, lazar kaganovich, karl marx, and perhaps yuri andropov.
september 14 – lawanda page, comedienne and actress (b.	september 14 – lawanda page, comedian and actress (b.
unfortunately his third dance, the samba, he only managed 17/40 equalling the worst score of the series given to gary rhodes in week 1.	in his third dance, the samba, he only managed 17/40 equalling the worst score of the series given to gary rhodes in week 1.
by acting as a barrier to entry to the taxi market, it has the unintended consequence of creating a market for unlicensed cabs, especially in areas that tend to be underserved by medallion cabs.	by acting as a barrier to entry to the taxi market, it has the consequence of creating a market for unlicensed cabs, especially in areas that tend to be underserved by medallion cabs.
without diminishing the totalitarian nature of stalin's regime, steinbeck discovered that the main fear held by average russians was not of stalin but another world war.	without diminishing the totalitarian nature of stalin's regime, steinbeck proposed that the main fear held by average russians was not of stalin but another world war.
a common title for polemical articles written by members of the trotskyism|trotskyist movement, usually aimed either at non-trotskyists or at trotskyists deemed to have strayed from trotskyist orthodoxy.	a common title for polemical articles written by members of the trotskyist movement, usually aimed either at non-trotskyists or at trotskyists deemed to have strayed from trotskyist orthodoxy.
the failure to follow the procedures of scientific discourse, and the failure to submit work to the scientific community which withstands scrutiny, have weighed overwhelmingly against intelligent design being considered valid science.	the failure to follow the procedures of scientific discourse, and the failure to submit work to the scientific community which withstands scrutiny, have weighed against intelligent design being considered valid science.
"lorenzo s. (""chago"") alvarado santos was a prominent puerto rican singer, composer, and guitarist."	"lorenzo s. (""chago"") alvarado santos was a puerto rican singer, composer, and guitarist."
the film eventually grossed just $5 million worldwide.	the film eventually grossed \ $5 million worldwide.
lopon tsechu became the first teacher of ole nydahl, the controversial founder and leader of diamond way buddhism in the west.	lopon tsechu became the first teacher of ole nydahl, the founder and leader of diamond way buddhism in the west.
"many conservative evangelical and fundamental protestant churches, such as some baptists, strongly oppose divorce as being a sin, pointing out malachi 2:16 - ""for the lord, the god of israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the lord of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously."""	"many conservative evangelical and protestant churches, such as some baptists, strongly oppose divorce as being a sin, pointing out malachi 2:16 - ""for the lord, the god of israel, saith that he hateth putting away: for one covereth violence with his garment, saith the lord of hosts: therefore take heed to your spirit, that ye deal not treacherously."""
however, it provides the significant advantage of automatically adjusting for shot shells with different charges and therefore different amounts of recoil.	however, it provides the advantage of automatically adjusting for shot shells with different charges and therefore different amounts of recoil.
in an environment where jews were blamed for whatever evil befell mother russia, rothkos early childhood was plagued with fear, as he witnessed the occasional violence brought down upon jews by cossacks attempting to stifle revolutionary uprisings.	in an environment where jews were blamed for whatever evil befell russia, rothkos early childhood was plagued with fear, as he witnessed the occasional violence brought down upon jews by cossacks attempting to stifle revolutionary uprisings.
"his humiliating defeat was not taken too kindly by bal thackeray, and joshi was subsequently barred entry to ""matoshree"" bungalow for several weeks after that."	"his defeat was not taken too kindly by bal thackeray, and joshi was subsequently barred entry to ""matoshree"" bungalow for several weeks after that."
"on the same day, finland's largest newspaper, helsingin sanomat, published an editorial column that labeled the company ""a large-scale failure, that casts a shadow on the efficiency of the finnish society as a whole"", harshly criticizing finnish officials for not taking administrative action against the mining company for its environmental problems."	"on the same day, finland's largest newspaper, helsingin sanomat, published an editorial column that labeled the company ""a large-scale failure, that casts a shadow on the efficiency of the finnish society as a whole"", criticizing finnish officials for not taking administrative action against the mining company for its environmental problems."
this site in downtown seattle is just one of many construction projects in the area.	this site in downtown seattle is one of many construction projects in the area.
history is littered with examples of conflict between people of god over proper interpretation of the meaning of scripture.	history is disputed with examples of conflict between people of god over proper interpretation of the meaning of scripture.
of these only the first three have been produced as movies.	of these , the first three have been produced as movies.
the software currently runs on gnu/ linux and mac os operating systems and is intended to be ported to multiple platforms.	the software currently runs on linux and mac os operating systems and is intended to be ported to multiple platforms.
simulated human brain model is one of the quickest means of achieving strong ai, as it doesn't require complete understanding of how intelligence works.	simulated human brain model could be one of the quickest means of achieving strong ai, as it doesn't require complete understanding of how intelligence works.
"smith claimed that after receiving the vision in 1820, he told his mother that he had ""learned for himself that presbyterianism is not true,"" but lucy did not mention this conversation in her own history."	"smith stated that after receiving the vision in 1820, he told his mother that he had ""learned for himself that presbyterianism is not true,"" but lucy did not mention this conversation in her own history."
islam4uk is a british islamist extremist group led by anjem choudary, membership of which is to be banned under the terrorism act 2000 from 14 january 2010 .	islam4uk is a british islamist group led by anjem choudary, membership of which is to be banned under the terrorism act 2000 from 14 january 2010 .
a 2004 study published in the journal of cannabis therapeutics found that compared to marijuana smoke, vapor from the volcano vaporizer contained higher levels of therapeutic thc and dramatically lower concentrations of toxic compounds.	a 2004 study published in the journal of cannabis therapeutics found that compared to marijuana smoke, vapor from the volcano vaporizer contained higher levels of thc and dramatically lower concentrations of toxic compounds.
they also claimed that such use is misogynistic.	it also claimed that such use is misogynistic.
marc-andr hamelin, oc, cq, (born september 5, 1961) is a french-canadian virtuoso pianist and composer.	marc-andr hamelin, oc, cq, (born september 5, 1961) is a french-canadian pianist and composer.
the truth about muhammad: founder of the world's most tolerant religion (2006) is a controversial book by robert spencer, the director of jihad watch and dhimmi watch.	the truth about muhammad: founder of the world's most tolerant religion (2006) is a book by robert spencer, the director of jihad watch and dhimmi watch.
since 1968, eta has been blamed for killing 829 individuals, injuring thousands and undertaking dozens of kidnappings.	since 1968, eta has been held responsible for killing 829 individuals, injuring thousands and undertaking dozens of kidnappings.
"interestingly the ""old guard"" had participated in one of the first battles of the indian wars - the battle of fallen timbers in 1794 and one of the last battle of the indian wars- the battle of sugar point in 1898."	"the ""old guard"" had participated in one of the first battles of the indian wars - the battle of fallen timbers in 1794 and one of the last battle of the indian wars- the battle of sugar point in 1898."
it has been naively claimed that when looked at from the point of view of gene selection, many biological phenomena that, in prior models, were difficult to explain become easier to understand.	it has been claimed that when looked at from the point of view of gene selection, many biological phenomena that, in prior models, were difficult to explain become easier to understand.
"in 1991 the event was expanded to include a full programme of activities from friday to monday and it was christened ""the carnival of fun weekend""."	"in 1991 the event was expanded to include a full programme of activities from friday to monday and it was named ""the carnival of fun weekend""."
there is also a claim that hugues de payens or ugo de' pagani came from nocera de' pagani in campania, southern italy, supported by a letter that he is claimed to have written from palestine in 1103.	there is also a claim that hugues de payens or ugo de' pagani came from nocera de' pagani in campania, southern italy, supported by a letter that he is said to have written from palestine in 1103.
russia refused this, so japan chose war to counter the russian aggression in asia.	russia refused this, so japan chose war to counter what it described as russian aggression in asia.
after jumping to a 3-1 series lead over the boston red sox in the best-of-seven alcs, the angels blew a 3-run lead in the 9th inning of game 5 that included giving up a famous two-out, two-strike home run to boston's dave henderson.	after jumping to a 3-1 series lead over the boston red sox in the best-of-seven alcs, the angels blew a 3-run lead in the 9th inning of game 5 that included giving up a two-out, two-strike home run to boston's dave henderson.
the most important conversion was for the pharmacy, whose computer system was upgraded to walgreens homegrown intercom plus pharmacy computer software, along with the installation of satellite equipment, which now links happy harry's with over 6,000 other walgreens pharmacies in the continental united states, hawaii, and puerto rico.	the most important conversion was for the pharmacy, whose computer system was downgraded to walgreens homegrown intercom plus pharmacy computer software, along with the installation of satellite equipment, which now links happy harry's with over 6,000 other walgreens pharmacies in the continental united states, hawaii, and puerto rico.
in recent years, he has developed strong links with kazakhstan and is a regular goose hunting companion of the country's dictator nursultan nazarbayev.	in recent years, he has developed strong links with kazakhstan and is a regular goose hunting companion of the country's president nursultan nazarbayev.
more program cost increases and delays	recent program cost increases and delays
director david zucker explained this was because the studio did not believe it would get a fair hearing from critics due to its conservative political viewpoint.	director david zucker said this was because the studio did not believe it would get a fair hearing from critics due to its conservative political viewpoint.
the version currently manufactured by smith & wesson has been improved by incorporating a longer grip tang, better protecting the shooter from slide bite, i.e.	the version currently manufactured by smith & wesson has been modified by incorporating a longer grip tang, better protecting the shooter from slide bite, i.e.
although his humour is considered highly intelligent, he has raised controversy several times.	although his humour is considered intelligent, he has raised controversy several times.
on the day of her passing her radio stops working, and andrew believes that if he can repair it his mother will return.	on the day of her death her radio stops working, and andrew believes that if he can repair it his mother will return.
the two orthodox churches are reputed to have 2.5 million adherents amongst themselves, but with their constant litigation they are prone to go astray towards the pentecostal churches and to the syro-malankara church.	the two orthodox churches are reputed to have 2.5 million adherents amongst themselves, but with their constant litigation they are prone to go towards the pentecostal churches and to the syro-malankara church.
"according to julian dawson, biographer of the talented session musician, nicky hopkins, narconon saved nicky's life as reported on the bbc radio 2 documentary ""diamond tiaras - the nicky hopkins story"" that was aired on 25 march 2006. narconon is also credited for having saved the life of kirstie alley by helping her overcome an addiction to drugs and alcohol."	"according to julian dawson, biographer of the session musician, nicky hopkins, narconon saved nicky's life as reported on the bbc radio 2 documentary ""diamond tiaras - the nicky hopkins story"" that was aired on 25 march 2006. narconon is also credited for having saved the life of kirstie alley by helping her overcome an addiction to drugs and alcohol."
hosted or virtual os ports include: microsoft windows, gnu/ linux, freebsd, plan 9, mac os x, solaris, irix, unixware.	hosted or virtual os ports include: microsoft windows, linux, freebsd, plan 9, mac os x, solaris, irix, unixware.
the result was the bay of pigs debacle of april 1961 the rising did not take place and the invasion force was routed.	the result was the bay of pigs invasion of april 1961 the rising did not take place and the invasion force was routed.
in israel he is notoriously remembered as the murderer of alexander robovich, an unarmed 16-year-old boy, during his service in palestine.	in israel he is remembered as the murderer of alexander robovich, an unarmed 16-year-old boy, during his service in palestine.
the hudson institute is a neoconservative u.s. think tank, founded in 1961 in croton-on-hudson, new york, by the futurist herman kahn and other colleagues from the rand corporation.	the hudson institute is a corporatist -leaning u.s. think tank, founded in 1961 in croton-on-hudson, new york, by the futurist herman kahn and other colleagues from the rand corporation.
"in november, 1920 he and his brother captain alfred dewar (retired) were entrusted with compiling the naval staff appreciation of the battle, which was completed in january, 1922. the two brothers had produced a body of work which blatantly favoured beatty, for whom the dewars' ""capacity for original thinking and literary talents always held an appeal."""	"in november, 1920 he and his brother captain alfred dewar (retired) were entrusted with compiling the naval staff appreciation of the battle, which was completed in january, 1922. the two brothers had produced a body of work which favoured beatty, for whom the dewars' ""capacity for original thinking and literary talents always held an appeal."""
after the clubs return to non-league football manager steve evans and his assistant paul raynor resigned from the club with immediate effect, and 2 days later joined another corrupt club, crawley town.	after the clubs return to non-league football manager steve evans and his assistant paul raynor resigned from the club with immediate effect, and 2 days later joined another club, crawley town.
mantis is a fictional character, a superhero ine in the marvel universe, and former member of the avengers.	mantis is a fictional character, a superhero in the marvel universe, and former member of the avengers.
it was destroyed by a 150,000 strong mob of hindu extremists during a planned ceremony on december 6, 1992 against a commitment to the indian supreme court that the mosque will not be harmed.	it was destroyed by a 150,000 strong mob of hindu activists during a planned ceremony on december 6, 1992 against a commitment to the indian supreme court that the mosque will not be harmed.
katrina onstad is a noted canadian journalist and novelist.	katrina onstad is a canadian journalist and novelist.
sarah kerrigan, fictional antagonist in the starcraft series	sarah kerrigan, fictional character in the starcraft series
handsome glock 22 in the new olive drab frame (with magazine)	glock 22 in the new olive drab frame (with magazine)
the fantastic character art of akihiko yoshida	the character art of akihiko yoshida
the group was led by dr. samir ghawshah until his death in 2009. despite holding a seat in the executive council in the palestine liberation organization (plo), ppsf is generally considered to have a very limited influence over palestinian politics.	the group was led by dr. samir ghawshah until his death in 2009. despite holding a seat in the executive council in the palestine liberation organization (plo), ppsf is generally considered to have a limited influence over palestinian politics.
non-biblical judaism's idea of the messiah differs substantially from the christian idea of the messiah.	judaism's idea of the messiah differs substantially from the christian idea of the messiah.
in july 2015, kuhner was demoted from the four-hour morning show to a three-hour midday show from noon to 3 pm.	in july 2015, kuhner was shifted from the four-hour morning show to a three-hour midday show from noon to 3 pm.
some critics (in both friendly and hostile countries) have criticized the u.s. government for supporting alleged serious human rights abuses, including torture, legal rendition and cold war assassination.	some critics (in both friendly and hostile countries) have criticized the u.s. government for supporting alleged serious human rights abuses, including torture, rendition and cold war assassination.
naomi campbell (born 28 may 1970) is an british supermodel .	naomi campbell (born 28 may 1970) is an british model .
the elevated area provides a wonderful view of the bajo region surrounding it.	the elevated area provides a view of the bajo region surrounding it.
rather, he appeared a modest, quiet, and highly intelligent gentleman and scholarliterally dragged from a professorial chair of political economy in the venerable university of coimbra a dozen years previously in order to straighten out portugal's finances, and that his almost miraculous success in this respect had led to the thrusting upon him of other major functions, including those of foreign minister and constitution-maker.	rather, he appeared a modest, quiet, and highly intelligent gentleman and scholar literally dragged from a professorial chair of political economy in the venerable university of coimbra a dozen years previously in order to straighten out portugal's finances, and that his almost miraculous success in this respect had led to the thrusting upon him of other major functions, including those of foreign minister and constitution-maker.
he illustrates the award-winning books horrible geography by anita ganeri and horrible histories by terry deary he resides in north devon with his wife and three beautiful children, ben, hannah & olivia.	he illustrates the award-winning books horrible geography by anita ganeri and horrible histories by terry deary he resides in north devon with his wife and three children, ben, hannah & olivia.
the story is set in 2007, when professor takuma nekasa uncovers a gene code that will unlock the human body's greatest mystery and expose mankind to its greatest threat.	the story is set in 2007, when professor takuma nekasa uncovers a gene code that will unlock the human body's greatest mystery and expose humankind to its greatest threat.
on the night of july 16/july 17, 1918, a squad of bolshevik secret police murdered russia's last emperor, tsar nicholas ii, along with his wife alexandra fyodorovna of hesse, their four daughters, grand duchess olga nikolaevna of russia, grand duchess tatiana nikolaevna of russia, grand duchess maria nikolaevna of russia and grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna of russia, and tsarevich alexei of russia.	on the night of july 16/july 17, 1918, a squad of bolshevik secret police executed russia's last emperor, tsar nicholas ii, along with his wife alexandra fyodorovna of hesse, their four daughters, grand duchess olga nikolaevna of russia, grand duchess tatiana nikolaevna of russia, grand duchess maria nikolaevna of russia and grand duchess anastasia nikolaevna of russia, and tsarevich alexei of russia.
"reviewed by the new york times in 1980 as ""the funkier art-funk band"" (comparing them to talking heads), was (not was) used members of funkadelic, alongside jazz legends like trumpeter marcus belgrave; and singers mel torm,and ozzy osbourne."	"reviewed by the new york times in 1980 as ""the funkier art-funk band"" (comparing them to talking heads), was (not was) used members of funkadelic, alongside jazz musicians like trumpeter marcus belgrave; and singers mel torm,and ozzy osbourne."
sarah cahill has commissioned, premiered and recorded numerous ground-breaking works for solo piano.	sarah cahill has commissioned, premiered and recorded numerous works for solo piano.
lenovo released a 25th anniversary retro thinkpad on october 7, 2017. the design is different from any other modern thinkpad, because it has the classic keyboard with a 7-row layout that many of the older thinkpads had, and the logo has changed in colors.	lenovo released a 25th anniversary retro thinkpad on october 7, 2017. the design is different from any other recent thinkpad, because it has the classic keyboard with a 7-row layout that many of the older thinkpads had, and the logo has changed in colors.
another problem with the traditional view is that there are disputes over whether certain humans are persons.	another problem with the simple view is that there are disputes over whether certain humans are persons.
during the christmas season (from early december to the last weekend before christmas), a night service runs on luas during friday and saturday nights (as well as on new year's eve), with the last trams departing the city centre at 03:30. however, fares are priced at a steep premium of 5 single (4 on leap cards).	during the christmas season (from early december to the last weekend before christmas), a night service runs on luas during friday and saturday nights (as well as on new year's eve), with the last trams departing the city centre at 03:30. however, fares are priced at a premium of 5 single (4 on leap cards).
in march he took part in the defense of cieszyn silesia against the czechoslovakian invasion and in june he was promoted to the rank of corporal.	in march he took part in the defense of cieszyn silesia against the czechoslovakian liberators and in june he was promoted to the rank of corporal.
"first referenced on march 18, 2009. mocks the fact that president obama is very reliant on a teleprompter, so much so that limbaugh suggests the teleprompter is the acting president and ""tells"" obama what to say."	"first referenced on march 18, 2009. mocks the perception that president obama is very reliant on a teleprompter, so much so that limbaugh suggests the teleprompter is the acting president and ""tells"" obama what to say."
its ruins are now in the neelum district of pakistan occupied kashmir near the line of control (loc) and gurez, india.	its ruins are now in the neelum district of pakistan administered kashmir near the line of control (loc) and gurez, india.
the tower was built as a replacement for their 599 meter tower near hemingford, nebraska, which collapsed in 2002, tragically killing two tower workers and injuring three.	the tower was built as a replacement for their 599 meter tower near hemingford, nebraska, which collapsed in 2002, killing two tower workers and injuring three.
some gnostic groups also practiced equality among the sexes and people of various sexual orientation; some were even vegetarians.	some gnostic groups also practiced equality among the sexes and people of various sexual orientation; some were vegetarians.
for example, edith hamilton ingenuously accepted them as the best scholarship of her school days.	for example, edith hamilton accepted them as the best scholarship of her school days.
since july 2012, there has been a branch of xkcd called xkcd what-if, which answers unusual reader-submitted science questions in a creative and humorous but scientifically grounded way.	since july 2012, there has been a branch of xkcd called xkcd what-if, which attempts to answer unusual reader-submitted science questions in a creative and humorous but scientifically grounded way.
the town possesses a variety of excellent academic institutions, both private and state-funded.	the town possesses a variety of academic institutions, both private and state-funded.
after just 19 months of marriage, it was announced that the couple were divorcing.	after 19 months of marriage, it was announced that the couple were divorcing.
october 19 martha raye, singer and comedienne , 88	october 19 martha raye, singer and comedian , 88
israelis fear that granting all of the current 8 million palestinian refugees a right to return to israel would lead to a demographic catastrophe .	israelis fear that granting all of the current 8 million palestinian refugees a right to return to israel would lead to a demographic shift which would remove its identity as a jewish state .
partially grey hair of an old indian woman.	partially grey hair of an indian woman.
livingstone joined the labour party in 1968 at a time when party membership was falling and few new young members were joining, and consequently rose rapidly in the local party.	livingstone joined the labour party in 1968 at a time when party membership was falling and few new young members were joining, and rose rapidly in the local party.
nevada's natural beauty is symbolized by a brilliant sun rising over snow-capped peaks.	nevada's natural environment is symbolized by a brilliant sun rising over snow-capped peaks.
he rose to become chairman of the powerful trade union if metall from 2006 until being elected leader of the social democrats in 2012.	he rose to become chairman of the trade union if metall from 2006 until being elected leader of the social democrats in 2012.
this group sponsored controversial ads on billboards and in major newspapers showing people who claimed to have changed from homosexual or bi-sexual to heterosexual.	this group sponsored ads on billboards and in major newspapers showing people who claimed to have changed from homosexual or bi-sexual to heterosexual.
the festival culminates with magnificent fireworks displays ushering in diwali.	the festival culminates with fireworks displays ushering in diwali.
look what i (or we) can do, shown in the amazing american version in which actual children perform dances of their own.	look what i (or we) can do, shown in the american version in which actual children perform dances of their own.
"in 1986, the disney company ran a telefilm called ""i-man"", supposedly as the pilot for a proposed series, which was sadly never picked up."	"in 1986, the disney company ran a telefilm called ""i-man"", supposedly as the pilot for a proposed series, which was never picked up."
in the eyes of some fanatics of the original series, although the knight 4000 was supposed to be a more advanced version of the knight 2000, the lack of a turbo boost function (a symbolic part of the original series) and the lengthened nose made it seem inferior to the original black car.	in the eyes of some fans of the original series, although the knight 4000 was supposed to be a more advanced version of the knight 2000, the lack of a turbo boost function (a symbolic part of the original series) and the lengthened nose made it seem inferior to the original black car.
the friday night death slot is a notable graveyard slot in american television, referring to the concept that a television program in the united states scheduled on friday evenings is destined for imminent cancellation.	the friday night death slot is a perceived graveyard slot in american television, referring to the concept that a television program in the united states scheduled on friday evenings is destined for imminent cancellation.
confederation mall is a shopping mall strategically located at 22nd street and circle drive.	confederation mall is a shopping mall located at 22nd street and circle drive.
in the first overtime, the hoosiers and boilers were tied 61-61 when a questionable foul was called on purdue's andrew ford with 0.9 seconds remaining.	in the first overtime, the hoosiers and boilers were tied 61-61 when a foul was called on purdue's andrew ford with 0.9 seconds remaining.
on 30 november 2013, the protests were dispersed violently by the berkut riot police units, sparking riots the following day in kiev.	on 30 november 2013, the protests were dispersed violently by the berkut police units, sparking riots the following day in kiev.
due to john travolta's refusal to appear mark was threatened by an unattractive man who claimed to be an autograph-dealer.	due to john travolta's refusal to appear mark was threatened by an man who claimed to be an autograph-dealer.
ukraine's national security and defence council chief andriy parubiy, a founder and a member, until 2004, of the social-national party of ukraine (a party that combined radical nationalism and neo-nazi features) oversees the antiterrorist operation against pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine.	ukraine's national security and defence council chief andriy parubiy, a founder and a member, until 2004, of the social-national party of ukraine (a party that combined radical nationalism and neo-nazi features) oversees the government military operation against pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine.
"the theory has been widely criticized for being based on statistically flawed evidence , for failing to understand and for misapplying kin selection theory , for being speculative and failing to define the concept of altruistic behavior in a way that makes it possible to operationalize and for failing to show any plausible mechanism by which members of a species can detect the ""altruism gene"" in other members of the species , and for being uncompelling in terms of its attractiveness as an explanatory model , that it fails to take into account the fact that many other traits raging from age, sex, social and political group membership are observable more important in predicting altruistic behavior between non-kin than genetic similarity , for failing to conduct an adequate control group study and for ignoring contradictory evidence ."	"the theory has been criticized for being based on statistically flawed evidence , for failing to understand and for misapplying kin selection theory , for being speculative and failing to define the concept of altruistic behavior in a way that makes it possible to operationalize and for failing to show any plausible mechanism by which members of a species can detect the ""altruism gene"" in other members of the species , and for being uncompelling in terms of its attractiveness as an explanatory model , that it fails to take into account the fact that many other traits raging from age, sex, social and political group membership are observable more important in predicting altruistic behavior between non-kin than genetic similarity , for failing to conduct an adequate control group study and for ignoring contradictory evidence ."
jim croce was an american singer who died tragically in 1973 in a plane crash.	jim croce was an american singer who died in 1973 in a plane crash.
the solar plexus in psychology	the solar plexus in religion and mysticism
director avery brooks, who also plays the character benjamin sisko, emphasised the story as a metaphor for young men, in particular young african-american men, in the 20th century and their difficulties with addiction and violence, how they adjust and find a place in our society, and in what way their society might encourage these problems.	director avery brooks, who also plays the character benjamin sisko, emphasised the story as a metaphor for young men, in particular young african-american men, in the 20th century and their difficulties with addiction and violence, how they adjust and find a place in our society, and in what way their society might contribute to these problems.
"when grace disrespectfully persisted, asking elizabeth what it was like to see out of a burqa her abductors forced her to wear, elizabeth stated: ""i'm really not going to talk about this at this time ... and to be frankly honest i really don't appreciate you bringing all this up."""	"when grace persisted, asking elizabeth what it was like to see out of a burqa her abductors forced her to wear, elizabeth stated: ""i'm really not going to talk about this at this time ... and to be frankly honest i really don't appreciate you bringing all this up."""
starting out in 1969 with the 240z, the datsun z-cars have been enormously popular in japan, the united states, and the united kingdom.	starting out in 1969 with the 240z, the datsun z-cars have been popular in japan, the united states, and the united kingdom.
"the revelations about gillibrand's travels were first exposed by the conservative ""majority accountability project,"" an ""independent internet news service"" focusing on democratic party politicians, founded by two former republican congressional staff members.majority accountability project"	"the revelations about gillibrand's travels were first exposed by the conservative ""majority accountability project,"" a self-styled ""independent internet news service"" focusing on democratic party politicians, founded by two former republican congressional staff members.majority accountability project"
"for that reason, a dissolve is often used in continuity editing to ""soften up"" jump cuts or similar problematic cuts."	"for that reason, a dissolve is often used in continuity editing to ""soften up"" jump cuts or similar cuts."
it discusses capitalism's supposed failure to meet the human potential for creativity and concludes with einstein's analysis on how to solve these problems, namely through a non-centralised planned economy and an education geared towards social goals, while often stressing the need to safeguard individualism.	it discusses capitalism's failure to meet the human potential for creativity and concludes with einstein's analysis on how to solve these problems, namely through a non-centralised planned economy and an education geared towards social goals, while often stressing the need to safeguard individualism.
nadal also had the undesirable record of being the longest occupant of the number two spot in the game's history.	nadal also had the record of being the longest occupant of the number two spot in the game's history.
march 19 - nora bayes, singer, comedienne and actress (born 1880)	march 19 - nora bayes, singer, comedian and actress (born 1880)
sadly, he died unexpectedly on 30 march during a routine tagging procedure while being restrained by biologists.	sadly, he died unexpectedly on 30 march during a tagging procedure while being restrained by biologists.
mistaken for one of the suspects in the previous day's failed attacks, menezes was shot and murdured by unnamed metropolitan police officers at stockwell tube station on the london underground.	mistaken for one of the suspects in the previous day's failed attacks, menezes was shot and killed by unnamed metropolitan police officers at stockwell tube station on the london underground.
as director he furthermore led the theatre publishing house from 1909 to 1914. moreover, dinter was a member of the anti-semitic and colonialistic alldeutscher verband, from which he was excluded in 1917.	as director he furthermore led the theatre publishing house from 1909 to 1914. moreover, dinter was a member of the anti-semitic and pan-german alldeutscher verband, from which he was excluded in 1917.
during the war, israeli allies phalangists committed the sabra and shatila massacre, between 700 and 3500 defenseless palestinians were killed by the phalange while the israeli troops surrounded the camps with tanks and checkpoints, monitoring entrances and exits.	during the war, israeli allies phalangists committed the sabra and shatila massacre, between 700 and 3500 unarmed palestinians were killed by the phalange while the israeli troops surrounded the camps with tanks and checkpoints, monitoring entrances and exits.
sheila ann dixon (born december 27, 1953) is a disgraced former american politician.	sheila ann dixon (born december 27, 1953) is a former american politician.
they reduce air pollutants that contribute to poor indoor air quality, and many filter common allergens like dust and pollen - a great benefit for people suffering from asthma or allergies.	they reduce air pollutants that contribute to poor indoor air quality, and many filter common allergens like dust and pollen - a benefit for people suffering from asthma or allergies.
alleged parallels between luther and hitler	parallels between luther and hitler
the premise is based upon mind control techniques , as related to membership in some new religious movements.	the premise is based upon mind control theories, whcih are disputed (''see mind control ) , as related to membership in some new religious movements.
"motherjones.com's ""riff blog"" called the new versions ""devastating (and hilarious) treatises on loneliness, without punch lines or jokes, reminiscent of the appallingly bleak early peanuts strips."""	"motherjones.com's ""riff blog"" called the new versions ""devastating (and hilarious) treatises on loneliness, without punch lines or jokes, reminiscent of the comparatively bleak early peanuts strips."""
"milana aleksandrovna vayntrub (; ; born march 8, 1987) is an uzbek american actress, comedian, writer, and producer who is best known for playing the ""lily adams"" character in a series of at&t television commercials."	"milana aleksandrovna vayntrub (; ; born march 8, 1987) is an uzbek american actress, comedian, writer, and producer who is known for playing the ""lily adams"" character in a series of at&t television commercials."
an unfortunate urban legend has developed that the town was wiped out in a flood that caused great loss of life.	an urban legend has developed that the town was wiped out in a flood that caused great loss of life.
upon reviewing the case, the court decided in a unanimous vote to overturn the district courts decision, holding that the common-law doctrine of interspousal immunity has been abrogated in utah with respect to all claims, thus laying to rest the outdated doctrine of interspousal immunity in utah.	upon reviewing the case, the court decided in a unanimous vote to overturn the district courts decision, holding that the common-law doctrine of interspousal immunity has been abrogated in utah with respect to all claims, thus laying to rest the doctrine of interspousal immunity in utah.
paterson grew up in motherwell, and was a member of the academy at storied scottish football club motherwell, before signing a professional deal with hamilton academical in 2002. he made his professional debut on 3 august 2002 in a scottish second division game against cowdenbeath as a 17-year old.	paterson grew up in motherwell, and was a member of the academy at scottish football club motherwell, before signing a professional deal with hamilton academical in 2002. he made his professional debut on 3 august 2002 in a scottish second division game against cowdenbeath as a 17-year old.
unfortunately due to poor management, there is a possibility that they will close there doors at the end of june due to them filing bankruptcy in april.	due to poor management, there is a possibility that they will close there doors at the end of june due to them filing bankruptcy in april.
its founder was noble drew ali, the prophet n timothy drew (1886-1929), whose disciples included wallace fard muhammad, founder of the nation of islam, and elijah muhammad, who was fard's successor and who later employed malcolm x as the mouthpiece of the nation.	its founder was noble drew ali, the prophet n timothy drew (1886-1929), whose disciples included wallace fard muhammad, founder of the nation of islam, and elijah muhammad, who was fard's successor and who later employed malcolm x as the public speaker of the nation.
in the 1960s, the economy deteriorated drastically as a result of political instability, a young and inexperienced government, and ill-disciplined economic nationalism, which resulted in severe poverty and hunger.	in the 1960s, the economy deteriorated drastically as a result of political instability, a young and inexperienced government, and economic nationalism, which resulted in severe poverty and hunger.
unfortunately , there was little commercial success for mirror worlds, and the company disbanded in late 2003.	however , there was little commercial success for mirror worlds, and the company disbanded in late 2003.
several months thereafter, the imperial japanese navy quickly purchased five holland type vii-p submarines from the american electric boat company.	several months thereafter, the imperial japanese navy purchased five holland type vii-p submarines from the american electric boat company.
for an introduction to the regrettably limited anthropological research on mathematics, see the last chapter of hersch (1997).	for an introduction to the limited anthropological research on mathematics, see the last chapter of hersch (1997).
fiona walker (born 24 may 1944) is an actor, best known for her role as agrippina in the 1976 bbc adaptation of i, claudius, directed by her husband herbert wise.	fiona walker (born 24 may 1944) is an actor, known for her role as agrippina in the 1976 bbc adaptation of i, claudius, directed by her husband herbert wise.
the only question that remained was who would strike first -- and israeli military doctrine demanded that this aggressive country's battles take place on the soil of its enemies.	the only question that remained was who would strike first -- and israeli military doctrine demanded that this country's battles take place on the soil of its enemies.
"comcast subsequently apologized to the group and said that kipp's action was ""not authorized"" and that its funding was ""not in jeopardy"", but the huffington post editorialized , ""comcast and its foundation have donated $1.8 billion to local nonprofits over the past decade."	"comcast subsequently apologized to the group and said that kipp's action was ""not authorized"" and that its funding was ""not in jeopardy"", but the huffington post opined , ""comcast and its foundation have donated $1.8 billion to local nonprofits over the past decade."
earlier estimates of jewish casualties tended to be high, ranging from 100,000 to 500,000 or more; clearly fantastic figures, given than the polish tax records from the time before the uprising (cited by weynrib) indicate that the jewish population in the ruthenian voivodships numbered only ca.	earlier estimates of jewish casualties tended to be high, ranging from 100,000 to 500,000 or more; clearly grossly overestimated figures, given than the polish tax records from the time before the uprising (cited by weynrib) indicate that the jewish population in the ruthenian voivodships numbered only ca.
"christian writer dinesh d'souza claims ""the crimes of atheism have generally been perpetrated through a hubristic ideology that sees man, not god, as the creator of values."	"christian writer dinesh d'souza writes that ""the crimes of atheism have generally been perpetrated through a hubristic ideology that sees man, not god, as the creator of values."
macallister's first season was blighted with a fatigue injury and his second season was debilitated by a training injury costing 8 weeks after a very good start in 2005 .	macallister's first season was blighted with a fatigue injury and his second season was debilitated by a training injury costing 8 weeks after a good start in 2005.
depredations against american shipping by barbary coast pirates in the mediterranean sea spurred congress to employ this power by passing the naval act of 1794 ordering the construction and manning of six frigates.	depredations against american shipping by barbary coast forces in the mediterranean sea spurred congress to employ this power by passing the naval act of 1794 ordering the construction and manning of six frigates.
south germanic is a term used for a number of proposed groupings of the germanic tribes or languages .	south germanic is a term used for a number of proposed groupings of the germanic tribes or dialects .
"in 2005, new scientist magazine's newscientistspace.com website held a poll to find ""the world's best space sci-fi ever""."	"in 2005, new scientist magazine's newscientistspace.com website held an unscientific poll to find ""the world's best space sci-fi ever""."
he then played for jong fc twente between 2006 and 2008, appearing in 32 games and scoring impressive 27 goals.	he then played for jong fc twente between 2006 and 2008, appearing in 32 games and scoring 27 goals.
it follows a strange zigzag route running along section lines.	it follows a zigzag route running along section lines.
it also marks the first album with new vocalist eric kalsbeek.	it also marks the first album with current vocalist eric kalsbeek.
joseph michael straczynski (born july 17, 1954), known professionally as j. michael straczynski and informally as joe straczynski or jms, is an award-winning american writer/producer.	joseph michael straczynski (born july 17, 1954), known professionally as j. michael straczynski and informally as joe straczynski or jms, is an american writer/producer.
organizations promoting improvements in redistricting include fairvote and endgerrymandering.com.	organizations promoting changes in redistricting include fairvote and endgerrymandering.com.
trango (nameless) tower was first climbed in 1976 by the legendary british climber joe brown, along with mo anthoine, martin boysen, and malcolm howells.	trango (nameless) tower was first climbed in 1976 by the british climber joe brown, along with mo anthoine, martin boysen, and malcolm howells.
a runic alphabet consisting of a curious mixture of elder futhark with anglo-saxon futhorc is recorded in a treatise called de inventione litterarum, ascribed to hrabanus maurus and preserved in 8th- and 9th-century manuscripts mainly from the southern part of the carolingian empire (alemannia, bavaria).	a runic alphabet consisting of a mixture of elder futhark with anglo-saxon futhorc is recorded in a treatise called de inventione litterarum, ascribed to hrabanus maurus and preserved in 8th- and 9th-century manuscripts mainly from the southern part of the carolingian empire (alemannia, bavaria).
asphalt orchestra is bang on a can's iconoclastic 12-piece marching band.	asphalt orchestra is bang on a can's 12-piece marching band.
failed communist coup attempt in indonesia.	failed coup attempt in indonesia.
"epic also released a hit platformer game in 1993 titled ""xargon"", created by allen pilgrim, but unfortunately it has not yet been recognized as an official epic classic."	"epic also released a hit platformer game in 1993 titled ""xargon"", created by allen pilgrim, but it has not yet been recognized as an official epic classic."
many groups and individuals have criticized limbaugh's accuracy.	some groups and individuals have criticized limbaugh's accuracy.
the intellectual philosophical concept of negative liberty refers to an individual's liberty from being subjected to the authority of others.	the philosophical concept of negative liberty refers to an individual's liberty from being subjected to the authority of others.
a by-election for the british house of commons constituency of mid ulster in northern ireland was held on 7 march 2013.	a by-election for the uk house of commons constituency of mid ulster in northern ireland was held on 7 march 2013.
the us has a distinguished history in mountain warfare, the 10th mountain division served in the italian apennine mountains in wwii.	the us has a history in mountain warfare, the 10th mountain division served in the italian apennine mountains in wwii.
brand due to his outstanding performance in tough enough.	brand due to his performance in tough enough .
therefore for a network to remain significantly non neutral requires either that the customers not be concerned about the particular non neutralities or the customers not have any meaningful choice of providers, otherwise they would presumably switch to another provider with less restrictions.	therefore for a network to remain significantly non neutral requires either that the customers not be concerned about the particular non neutralities or the customers not have any meaningful choice of providers, otherwise they would presumably switch to another provider with fewer restrictions.
in the us, the song was released on their capitol album beatles '65, and is presented in a duophonic mix featuring a dreadful layer of reverb added by executive dave dexter, jr.	in the us, the song was released on their capitol album beatles '65, and is presented in a duophonic mix featuring a layer of reverb added by executive dave dexter, jr.
most tax laws are not properly indexed to inflation.	most tax laws are not accurately indexed to inflation.
bevin continued to oppose jewish migration into britain after 1945 and under labour only 5000 jews migrated into britain.	bevin continued to oppose jewish migration into britain after 1945 and under labour 5000 jews migrated into britain.
st luke's unfortunately suffered a direct hit during a nazi bombing raid on exeter that destroyed a large part of the original building.	st luke's suffered a direct hit during a nazi bombing raid on exeter that destroyed a large part of the original building.
the film has been perceived as anti-american for its largely negative portrayal of the us military and its actions in iraq.	the film has been perceived as anti-american for its negative portrayal of the us military and its actions in iraq.
the line is not electrified, but plans remain in place to address this as part of the so-called planned modernisation of the great western main line.	the line is not electrified, but plans remain in place to address this as part of the planned modernisation of the great western main line.
thomas jefferson's policy had been to respect the native americans' rights to their homelands, allowing all native americans who had adopted civilized behavior to remain east of the mississippi.	thomas jefferson's policy had been to respect the native americans' rights to their homelands, allowing all native americans who had adopted anglo-european behavior to remain east of the mississippi.
in january 1932, when justice oliver wendell holmes retired, kenyon's name was again included on short lists of potential successors, but this time hoover selected legendary new york court of appeals judge benjamin cardozo.	in january 1932, when justice oliver wendell holmes retired, kenyon's name was again included on short lists of potential successors, but this time hoover selected new york court of appeals judge benjamin cardozo.
revolution and terrorism were primary lyrical topics.	revolution and military action were primary lyrical topics.
tyson meade, rock star	tyson meade, rock singer
the mta signed a deal with mastercard only in the first few months of 2006 to test out a new rfid card payment scheme.	the mta signed a deal with mastercard in the first few months of 2006 to test out a new rfid card payment scheme.
"for the papists , the king's speech made it clear that they were not to ""increase their number and strength in this kingdom"", that ""they might be in hope to erect their religion again""."	"for the catholics , the king's speech made it clear that they were not to ""increase their number and strength in this kingdom"", that ""they might be in hope to erect their religion again""."
the film was released on may 19 2005, and received mostly positive reviews from critics, especially in contrast to the previous two prequels.	the film was released on may 19 2005, and received generally positive reviews from critics, especially in contrast to the previous two prequels.
shortly after his appointment he led the brutal suppression of the hungarian revolution.	shortly after his appointment he led the suppression of the hungarian revolution.
deckers trades as ugg holdings inc in australia, where it is known for a trademark dispute over the use of the australian term ugg boot.	deckers trades as ugg holdings inc in australia, where it is known for a trademark dispute over the use of the term ugg boot.
after the seminal hardcore punk group minor threat dissolved, ian mackaye (vocals and guitar) was active with a few mostly short-lived groups before forming a new trio, fugazi, with drummer colin sears and bass guitarist joe lally.	after the hardcore punk group minor threat dissolved, ian mackaye (vocals and guitar) was active with a few mostly short-lived groups before forming a new trio, fugazi, with drummer colin sears and bass guitarist joe lally.
the curandero dedicates his/her life to the administration of remedies for mental, emotional, physical and spiritual illnesses based on their evaluation.	the curandero dedicates their life to the administration of remedies for mental, emotional, physical and spiritual illnesses based on their evaluation.
in the united states, one libertarian critic claims that the conflation of marriage with contractual agreements is itself a threat to marriage.	in the united states, one libertarian economist claims that the conflation of marriage with contractual agreements is itself a threat to marriage.
james jarrett miller also known as fan man (october 28, 1963 – c. september 22, 2002) was a parachutist and paraglider pilot from henderson, nevada, known for his outrageous appearances at various sporting events.	james jarrett miller also known as fan man (october 28, 1963 – c. september 22, 2002) was a parachutist and paraglider pilot from henderson, nevada, known for his appearances at various sporting events.
the famous ancient chinese city luoyang has a reputation as a cultivation centre for the peonies.	the ancient chinese city luoyang has a reputation as a cultivation centre for the peonies.
an american novel, being there (1970), by fellow polish native jerzy kosiski, bears strong resemblance to the adventures of nicodemus dyzma.	an american novel, being there (1970), by fellow polish native jerzy kosiski, has been said to bear strong resemblance to the adventures of nicodemus dyzma.
beginning in summer 2008, all three major stock indices in the united states (the dow jones industrial average, nasdaq, and the s&p 500) entered a bear market.	beginning in mid- 2008, all three major stock indices in the united states (the dow jones industrial average, nasdaq, and the s&p 500) entered a bear market.
"other concessions they received were recognition of the tlaxcalans as hidalgos (""gentlemen,"" an inheritable status), exemption from tribute and forced labor (the notorious encomienda system), and a prohibition of encroachment on their lands by livestock owned by non-tlaxcalans."	"other concessions they received were recognition of the tlaxcalans as hidalgos (""gentlemen,"" an inheritable status), exemption from tribute and forced labor (the encomienda system), and a prohibition of encroachment on their lands by livestock owned by non-tlaxcalans."
the late-night talk show that ran from december 29, 1969 to january 1, 1975 ran opposite nbc's popular the tonight show starring johnny carson.	the late-night talk show that ran from december 29, 1969 to january 1, 1975 ran opposite nbc's the tonight show starring johnny carson.
it was originally built by the soviet union in the late 1950s as the base of operations for its ambitious space program.	it was originally built by the soviet union in the late 1950s as the base of operations for its space program.
freud's view of the idea of god as being a version of the father image and his thesis that religious belief is at bottom infantile and neurotic do not depend upon the speculative accounts of prehistory and biblical history with which freud dressed up his version of the origin and nature of religion.	freud's view of the idea of god as being a version of the father image and his thesis that religious belief is at bottom infantile and neurotic do not depend upon the accounts of prehistory and biblical history with which freud dressed up his version of the origin and nature of religion.
homophobia in dancehall music	stop murder music in dancehall music
"the term suv is misquoted as an acronym for ""super useless vehicle"" or ""suddenly upside-down vehicle"" in reference to criticism of suvs generally."	"the term suv is used as an acronym for ""super useless vehicle"" or ""suddenly upside-down vehicle"" in reference to criticism of suvs generally."
"current liberal supreme court justice david souter has called this amendment ""the most significant structural provision adopted since the original framing""."	"current supreme court justice david souter has called this amendment ""the most significant structural provision adopted since the original framing""."
the picturesque town, still surrounded by its medieval walls with towers, was badly damaged in world war ii but was subsequently thoroughly restored.	the town, still surrounded by its medieval walls with towers, was badly damaged in world war ii but was subsequently thoroughly restored.
at 18 years old, thompson left home to build a respectable career in runway, print and commercial modeling.	at 18 years old, thompson left home to build a career in runway, print and commercial modeling.
additionally, a secret history of richard iii is presented in the hilarious british sitcom blackadder.	additionally, a secret history of richard iii is presented in the british sitcom blackadder.
his best-known acting role was for the portrayal of the character marshall flinkman on the hit television series alias (2001-2006).	his best-known acting role was for the portrayal of the character marshall flinkman on the television series alias (2001-2006).
in 1997, the film was digitally remastered as the so-called special edition, or se, for a 20th anniversary re-release.	in 1997, the film was digitally remastered as the special edition, or se, for a 20th anniversary re-release.
the reaction by many in the military and civilian leadership, and those on the ground was unanimously positive.	the reaction by many in the military and civilian leadership, and those on the ground was positive.
while boomers are intended to serve mankind , they become deadly instruments in the hands of ruthless individuals.	while boomers are intended to serve humans , they become deadly instruments in the hands of ruthless individuals.
many democrats view frist's threats to push the nuclear option button to be more about his ambition to run for president in 2008 than about the qualifications of the 7 nominees currently blocked in the senate.	many democrats view frist's threats to push the nuclear option button to be more about his plan to run for president in 2008 than about the qualifications of the 7 nominees currently blocked in the senate.
when alexander the great and his lover hephaestion passed through the city of troy on their asian campaign, alexander honoured the sacred tomb of achilles and patroclus in front of the entire army, and this was taken as a clear declaration of their own love.	when alexander the great and his intimate friend hephaestion passed through the city of troy on their asian campaign, alexander honoured the sacred tomb of achilles and patroclus in front of the entire army, and this was taken as a clear declaration of their own love.
the smithey ironware company manufactures premium cast-iron skillets (10-inch and 12-inch) in charleston, south carolina.	the smithey ironware company manufactures cast-iron skillets (10-inch and 12-inch) in charleston, south carolina.
to avoid huge dangers of political riots due to the court's irresponsible delay, the government declared itself the republic and appointed de gasperi as the provisional head of state on 13 june.	to avoid huge dangers of political riots due to the court's delay, the government declared itself the republic and appointed de gasperi as the provisional head of state on 13 june.
using his infamously extendable arm, supplemented by the power of toon physics, michael manages to make the basket and win the game.	using his extendable arm, supplemented by the power of toon physics, michael manages to make the basket and win the game.
many students select the two-year community college as an excellent alternative to higher priced four-year institutions with the prospect of transferring.	many students select the two-year community college as an alternative to higher priced four-year institutions with the prospect of transferring.
veil is an acronym for video encoded invisible light, a technology for encoding low-bandwidth digital data bitstream in video signal for communication, also used as a digital restrictions management tool.	veil is an acronym for video encoded invisible light, a technology for encoding low-bandwidth digital data bitstream in video signal for communication, also used as a digital rights management tool.
beginning in 1974, some lakota activists have taken steps to become independent from the united states, an attempt to form their own micronation .	beginning in 1974, some lakota activists have taken steps to become independent from the united states, an attempt to form their own nation .
halderman was released from rikers island on september 2, 2010, after serving only four months of his 6-month sentence.	halderman was released from rikers island on september 2, 2010, after serving four months of his 6-month sentence.
in august 2008, flanagan was one of nbcs hosts during its unprecedented coverage of the beijing olympics.	in august 2008, flanagan was one of nbcs hosts during its coverage of the beijing olympics.
rather it is simply operant conditioning, where they learn some gestures cause something to happen, but not the mechanisms behind why.	the claim is that it is simply operant conditioning, where they learn some gestures cause something to happen, but not the mechanisms behind why.
pilar is a beautiful village in goa, india, some 10kms from the state capital panaji.	pilar is a village in goa, india, some 10kms from the state capital panaji.
the vectra name was not adopted at this model change as vauxhall feared reviving memories of the unhappy vauxhall victor, an objection which did not hold at the end of this model's life.	the vectra name was not adopted at this model change as vauxhall feared reviving memories of the somewhat pedestrian vauxhall victor, an objection which did not hold at the end of this model's life.
some invaluable insights from the book	some core insights from the book
tony martell, 90, american music industry senior executive.	tony martell, 90, american music industry executive.
prior to the war the jammu and kashmir state forces had been spread thinly around the border as a response to terrorist activity, and so were badly deployed to counter a full scale invasion.	prior to the war the jammu and kashmir state forces had been spread thinly around the border as a response to militant activity, and so were badly deployed to counter a full scale invasion.
the victorious champions league final on 27 may 2009 was the brazilian's final game for the catalan giants .	the victorious champions league final on 27 may 2009 was the brazilian's final game for the catalan club .
ralph rene (august 24, 1933 – december 10, 2008) was an american conspiracy theorist crackpot , and small press publisher and inventor.	ralph rene (august 24, 1933 – december 10, 2008) was an american conspiracy theorist, and small press publisher and inventor.
handheld games are played on handheld game consoles, such as the famous nintendo game boy line, the nintendo ds and the sony psp.	handheld games are played on handheld game consoles, such as the nintendo game boy line, the nintendo ds and the sony psp.
nowadays some progressive farmers cultivate banana, pomegranate, watermelon, muskmelon, grapes, and vegetables as a cash crops.	nowadays some farmers cultivate banana, pomegranate, watermelon, muskmelon, grapes, and vegetables as a cash crops.
category: nazis convicted of war crimes	category: german people convicted of war crimes
in the 19th century, laws regulating drugs were lax .	in the 19th century, laws regulating drugs were more relaxed .
some current scholars , such as earl doherty, maintain that jesus did not exist.	some current writers , such as earl doherty, maintain that jesus did not exist.
all cultures have their own values regarding appropriate and inappropriate sexuality; some expect all members to engage in same-sex behaviour, while many others condemn such activity.	all cultures have their own values regarding appropriate and inappropriate sexuality; some expect all members to engage in same-sex behaviour, while others condemn such activity.
"in 1931, historians paxson and bach positively noted that grant's presidency ""had some achievements, after all."""	"in 1931, historians paxson and bach noted that grant's presidency ""had some achievements, after all."""
the amplified bible (amp) is an english translation of the holy bible produced by the lockman foundation.	the amplified bible (amp) is an english translation of the bible produced by the lockman foundation.
the national alliance is a white nationalist organization, but most outside observers believe they are white supremacists.	the national alliance claims to be a white nationalist organization, but most outside observers believe they are white supremacists.
"she played alice longfellow in the underrated 2011 film ""collaborator""."	"she played alice longfellow in the 2011 film ""collaborator""."
forced to leave during a period when his son died tragically and his wife became ill, rabbi zalud returned to his ministry at southport reform synagogue and, when he took up his position in liverpool, he eventually completed the rabbinic course and received s'michah in 1993.	forced to leave during a period when his son died and his wife became ill, rabbi zalud returned to his ministry at southport reform synagogue and, when he took up his position in liverpool, he eventually completed the rabbinic course and received s'michah in 1993.
(this is one of several quizzical rulings that rely on the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment rather than the more direct provision of the 15th.)	(this is one of several rulings that rely on the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment rather than the more direct provision of the 15th.)
kaczyski was the architect of the coalition with the left wing populist self-defense of the republic of poland and the deeply conservative christian league of polish families party.	kaczyski was the architect of the coalition with the left wing populist self-defense of the republic of poland and the conservative christian league of polish families party.
during its first and only fifa world cup appearance in 1986, the team failed to score a goal and finished at the bottom of a difficult group that included european powerhouses france and the soviet union.	during its first and only fifa world cup appearance in 1986, the team failed to score a goal and finished at the bottom of a group that included european powerhouses france and the soviet union.
two obvious solutions to the problem are either to deinterlace interlaced video, or to use progressive scanning for acquisition.	two solutions to the problem are either to deinterlace interlaced video, or to use progressive scanning for acquisition.
wendeen h. eolis (born october 13, 1944) is the chairperson of wendeen eolis enterprises, inc. which includes eolis international group, a legal/business/government affairs consultancy and people reading strategies a consultancy that specializes in negotiation training.	wendeen h. eolis (born october 13, 1944) is the chairwoman of wendeen eolis enterprises, inc. which includes eolis international group, a legal/business/government affairs consultancy and people reading strategies a consultancy that specializes in negotiation training.
however , henry hunt struck first, launching one of the greatest artillery barrages in the war from 1 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. the union gunners had superior equipment and expertise and disabled most of the confederate batteries, which were concentrated on a hill north of the crew house and at poindexter's farm to the northeast.	unfortunately for lee , henry hunt struck first, launching one of the greatest artillery barrages in the war from 1 p.m. to 2:30 p.m. the union gunners had superior equipment and expertise and disabled most of the confederate batteries, which were concentrated on a hill north of the crew house and at poindexter's farm to the northeast.
the bush administration has criticized icc's lack of checks and balances, although the us administration itself has denied such checks and balances to terror suspects.	the bush administration has criticized icc's lack of checks and balances, while some counter that the us administration itself has denied such checks and balances to terror suspects.
the designer of colemak claims his layout has been downloaded 1600 times:	the designer of colemak reports that his layout has been downloaded 1600 times:
"when franois duvalier suddenly died in 1971 his dimwitted son jean-claude duvalier (""baby doc"") took over at the age of 19. the advisers soon concluded that haiti needed a new image to attract economic assistance, tourism, and investment."	"when franois duvalier suddenly died in 1971 his son jean-claude duvalier (""baby doc"") took over at the age of 19. the advisers soon concluded that haiti needed a new image to attract economic assistance, tourism, and investment."
the channel tunnel between england and france used boring machines manufactured in chesterfield by the company markham & co., which sadly no longer exists in the town.	the channel tunnel between england and france used boring machines manufactured in chesterfield by the company markham & co., which no longer exists in the town.
oracles were thought to be portals through which the gods spoke directly to man .	oracles were thought to be portals through which the gods spoke directly to people .
in may 2014 the conservatives were soundly defeated in the european parliamentary elections coming in third behind the uk independence party and labour.	in may 2014 the conservatives were defeated in the european parliamentary elections coming in third behind the uk independence party and labour.
one model of political ideologies.	an anarcho-capitalist model of political ideologies.
slavery in mauritania was finally criminalized in august 2007. in niger, slavery is also a current phenomenon.	slavery in mauritania was criminalized in august 2007. in niger, slavery is also a current phenomenon.
"dylans parents, abram zimmerman and beatrice ""beatty"" stone, were part of the area's tiny but close-knit jewish community."	"dylans parents, abram zimmerman and beatrice ""beatty"" stone, were part of the area's small but close-knit jewish community."
it is best known as the site of the 14th century valaam monastery on valaam island and for its natural beauty .	it is best known as the site of the 14th century valaam monastery on valaam island and for its natural environment .
lostprophets disbanded in 2013 after watkins was unexpectedly charged with extremely serious child sex offences in late 2012. after a highly publicized series of events watkins eventually decided to plead guilty.	lostprophets disbanded in 2013 after watkins was charged with extremely serious child sex offences in late 2012. after a highly publicized series of events watkins eventually decided to plead guilty.
books revealing occurrences of jewish blood libel are not uncommon.	books alleging occurrences of jewish blood libel are not uncommon.
nikki payne, award-winning stand-up comedienne and contestant on the 2006 edition of nbc television's reality show last comic standing.	nikki payne, award-winning stand-up comedian and contestant on the 2006 edition of nbc television's reality show last comic standing.
rain dove dubilewski (born september 27 1989 in newark, vt) is an american model, actress , and activist.	rain dove dubilewski (born september 27 1989 in newark, vt) is an american model, actor , and activist.
"women's political status without the vote was viciously promoted by the national council of women of canada from 1894 to 1918. it promoted a vision of ""transcendent citizenship"" for women."	"women's political status without the vote was promoted by the national council of women of canada from 1894 to 1918. it promoted a vision of ""transcendent citizenship"" for women."
the judge found that while the girl had been molested while ferguson and fellow pedophile allan guy had been at her house, it could not be proved that ferguson had been responsible, and that he should be released.	the judge found that while the girl had been molested while ferguson and fellow convicted child sexual abuser allan guy had been at her house, it could not be proved that ferguson had been responsible, and that he should be released.
however, druids do realize that most individuals' actions — including their own — will not prove significant to the cosmic balance.	however, druids do realize that most individuals' actions — including their own — will prove significant to the cosmic balance.
like meyerbeer's, hrold's work was extremely popular in its time, although it is now forgotten .	like meyerbeer's, hrold's work was extremely popular in its time, although it is now only seldom performed .
it is notable for the large-scale massacre of its turkish and jewish population, which occurred after the city's fall to the greeks.	it is notable for the massacre of its turkish and jewish population, which occurred after the city's fall to the greeks.
the bosnian war was an international armed conflict that took place in bosnia and herzegovina between april 1992 and december 1995. the war involved several sides.	the bosnian war was an armed conflict that took place in bosnia and herzegovina between april 1992 and december 1995. the war involved several sides.
"this failure is famous for the notorious ""armband order"" that followed."	"this failure is famous for the ""armband order"" that followed."
the creation-evolution controversy itself originated in europe and north america in the late 18th century, when geological discoveries alleged that the earth is much older than was suggested by the judeo-christian bible.	the creation-evolution controversy itself originated in europe and north america in the late 18th century, when geological discoveries indicated that the earth is much older than was suggested by the judeo-christian bible.
(25.7 in achkhoi martan, 19.8 in grozny , 17.5 in kurchaloi,28.3 in urus martan and 11.1 in vedeno)	(25.7 in achkhoi martan, 19.8 in groznyy , 17.5 in kurchaloi,28.3 in urus martan and 11.1 in vedeno)
december 25 - the veronicas, famous singers	december 25 - the veronicas, australian singers
following his appointment as first deputy prime minister, many political observers expected medvedev to be anointed as putin's successor for the 2008 presidential elections.	following his appointment as first deputy prime minister, many political observers expected medvedev to be nominated as putin's successor for the 2008 presidential elections.
farley has been a clinical psychologist for over 45 years and has consulted with agencies, governments, medical centers, and advocates for prostituted and trafficked women.	farley has been a clinical psychologist for over 45 years and has consulted with agencies, governments, medical centers, and advocates for women in prostitution and trafficked women.
the last attack to have caused multiple casualties on the uk mainland was the 7 july 2005 london bombings, while the last confirmed terrorist attack in london was the murder of lee rigby in may 2013. since then, thirteen plots are reported to have been foiled by the authorities.	the last attack to have caused multiple casualties on the uk mainland was the 7 july 2005 london bombings, while the last terrorist attack in london was the murder of lee rigby in may 2013. since then, thirteen plots are reported to have been foiled by the authorities.
lalu alex is a famous malayalam film actor.	lalu alex is a malayalam film actor.
grasp sister ships are , , and .	grasp companion ships are , , and .
reich stated that deficits or constrictions in bodily orgone were at the root of many diseases, much as deficits or constrictions in the libido could produce neuroses in freudian theory.	reich argued that deficits or constrictions in bodily orgone were at the root of many diseases, much as deficits or constrictions in the libido could produce neuroses in freudian theory.
tegan higginbotham (born 1988), australian comedienne and actress	tegan higginbotham (born 1988), australian comedian and actress
the show ended in 2006, after only 4 seasons.	the show ended in 2006, after 4 seasons.
offended by the sequence, manoj kumar contrived to sue the makers of 'om shanti om'.	offended by the sequence, manoj kumar planned to sue the makers of 'om shanti om'.
"the princeton review in 2004 rated the university as having the ""best overall educational experience"" for undergraduates among all american universities and colleges, while the problematic u.s. news and world report rankings currently rate the college at 15th in the nation."	"the princeton review in 2004 rated the university as having the ""best overall educational experience"" for undergraduates among all american universities and colleges, while the u.s. news and world report rankings currently rate the college at 15th in the nation."
goodman remained as publisher until 1972, which included supporting lee's decision to disregard the comics code authority's arbitrary disallowance of an the amazing spider-man anti-drug themed story-arc requested by the us department of health, education and welfare, which seriously discredited the censor.	goodman remained as publisher until 1972, which included supporting lee's decision to disregard the comics code authority's disallowance of an the amazing spider-man anti-drug themed story-arc requested by the us department of health, education and welfare, which seriously discredited the censor.
drumhead court-martial and wrongful execution	drumhead court-martial and execution
van der waerden published his influential algebra, the first abstract algebra textbook that took the now-traditional groups-rings-fields approach to the subject.	van der waerden published his influential algebra, the first abstract algebra textbook that took the groups-rings-fields approach to the subject.
the cabins give wonderful views of the irish sea looking over to rhyl and the isle of man, as well as the snowdonia national park.	the cabins give views of the irish sea looking over to rhyl and the isle of man, as well as the snowdonia national park.
edward d. dart (1922-1975) was a renowned modernist architect.	edward d. dart (1922-1975) was a modernist architect.
although some of the films from this time, such as they live (1988) did pick up a considerable cult audience, he never again realized his mass-market potential.	although some of the films from this time, such as they live (1988) did pick up a cult audience, he never again realized his mass-market potential.
amon tobin's soundtrack to chaos theory was remixed for splinter cell 3d, and was made available via prominent digital retailers itunes and amazon mp3 from march 15, 2011.	amon tobin's soundtrack to chaos theory was remixed for splinter cell 3d, and was made available via digital retailers itunes and amazon mp3 from march 15, 2011.
the patriotic nigras (also known by the initialism pn) are a group of griefers in the online world of second life.	the patriotic nigras (also known by the initialism pn) are an awesome group of griefers in the online world of second life.
they are usually depicted as small, sometimes only a few inches tall, sometimes the size of a dwarf .	they are usually depicted as small, sometimes only a few inches tall, sometimes the size of a little person .
hatshepsuts templethe mortuary temple of queen hatshepsut is situated beneath the cliffs at deir el bahari on the west bank of the nile near the valley of the kings in egypt.	hatshepsuts templethe mortuary temple of queen hatshepsut is located beneath the cliffs at deir el bahari on the west bank of the nile near the valley of the kings in egypt.
in early may 2016, controversy around the intentions and seemingly secretive collection of information by deepmind arose as news broke of their acquisition of around 1.5 million private medical records of uk citizens without the consent of the aforementioned citizens.	in may 2016, controversy around the intentions and seemingly secretive collection of information by deepmind arose as news broke of their acquisition of around 1.5 million private medical records of uk citizens without the consent of the aforementioned citizens .
by april, 2006, the visionary baron had corraled 350,000 viewers, lined up advertisers (earthlink, atm manufacturer trm), signed a deal with tivo and turned down buy-out offers from two major tv networks.	by april, 2006, the baron had corraled 350,000 viewers, lined up advertisers (earthlink, atm manufacturer trm), signed a deal with tivo and turned down buy-out offers from two major tv networks.
potentially consistent theories that allow faster-than-light particles are those that break lorentz invariance, the symmetry underlying special relativity, so that the speed of light is not a barrier.	potentially consistent theories that allow faster-than-light particles include those that break lorentz invariance, the symmetry underlying special relativity, so that the speed of light is not a barrier.
representative, in athens), who pressured the voivode (governor of athens) to interpret the terms of the firman very broadly.	representative, in athens), who persuaded the voivode (governor of athens) to interpret the terms of the firman very broadly.
this, combined with serious industrial relations problems (principally, the company's relations with hard-line socialist trade unions of the time), and ineffectual management meant that bl became an unmanageable and financially crippled behemoth whose bankruptcy in 1975 was inevitable.	this, combined with serious industrial relations problems (principally, the company's relations with hard-line trade unions of the time), and ineffectual management meant that bl became an unmanageable and financially crippled behemoth whose bankruptcy in 1975 was inevitable.
detractors have looked upon sgis version of the mentor and disciple relationship as a cult of personality for its focus on sgi president ikeda, as well as the two preceding presidents (and founders) josei toda and tsunesaburo makiguchi.	outside observers have looked upon sgis version of the mentor and disciple relationship as a cult of personality for its focus on sgi president ikeda, as well as the two preceding presidents (and founders) josei toda and tsunesaburo makiguchi.
uci law school dean chemerinsky also condemned the disruptions and verified that they were a violation of freedom of speech.	uci law school dean chemerinsky also condemned the disruptions and stated that they were a violation of freedom of speech.
in april 2003, the government abandoned those charges and filed a superseding complaint alleging that ujaama brought money, computer equipment and women to taliban officials in afghanistan.	in april 2003, the government dropped those charges and filed a superseding complaint alleging that ujaama brought money, computer equipment and women to taliban officials in afghanistan.
the classic rock band mott the hoople hail from hereford as do more recent punk rock sensations tastyhead.	the classic rock band mott the hoople hail from hereford as do more recent punk rock band tastyhead .
"rudolph the red-nosed reindeer is a fictional reindeer, created by robert lewis may, usually depicted as a young fawn who barely has antlers, with a glowing red nose, popularly known as ""santa's ninth reindeer."""	"rudolph the red-nosed reindeer is a legendary reindeer, created by robert lewis may, usually depicted as a young fawn who barely has antlers, with a glowing red nose, popularly known as ""santa's ninth reindeer."""
bill 101 in quebec is a collection of laws instituted in order to propagate the french language and severely restricted the use of english.	bill 101 in quebec is a collection of laws instituted in order to propagate the french language and restricted the use of english.
surrounding a bidirectionally neutral character by the left-to-right mark will force the character to behave as a left-to-right character while surrounding it by the right-to-left mark will force it to heave as a right-to-left character.	surrounding a bidirectionally neutral character by the left-to-right mark will force the character to behave as a left-to-right character while surrounding it by the right-to-left mark will force it to behave as a right-to-left character.
along with samuel adams and thomas paine, he was one of the most influential (and radical) advocates of the american revolution and republicanism, especially in his denunciations of corruption in government officials and his defense of historic rights.	along with samuel adams and thomas paine, he is remembered as one of the most influential (and radical) advocates of the american revolution and republicanism, especially in his denunciations of corruption in government officials and his defense of historic rights.
unfortunately , things did not end up as planned, and early mistakes would cost germany the war.	however , things did not end up as planned, and early mistakes would cost germany the war.
after the hill had been occupied by irregular polish-silesian units in the third silesian uprising, german freikorps managed to drive the poles from the hill.	after the hill had been captured by irregular polish-silesian units in the third silesian uprising, german freikorps managed to drive the poles from the hill.
like the orthodox and roman catholic churches (but unlike most protestant churches), the anglican communion maintains the threefold ministry of deacons, priests, and bishops.	like the orthodox and catholic churches (but unlike most protestant churches), the anglican communion maintains the threefold ministry of deacons, priests, and bishops.
while both languages have a majority of latin/romance words in their lexicons, ido has has a somewhat larger number of germanic and slavic words, so it could be suggested that ido is more internationally neutral.	while both languages have a majority of latin/romance words in their lexicons, ido has a somewhat larger number of germanic and slavic words, so it could be suggested that ido is more internationally neutral.
on september 29, 1364, at the battle of auray, du guesclin and charles of blois were heavily defeated by john v, duke of brittany and the english forces under warlord sir john chandos.	on september 29, 1364, at the battle of auray, du guesclin and charles of blois were heavily defeated by john v, duke of brittany and the english forces under sir john chandos.
"a distrubing trend is the removal of volunteer leaders under procedures defined in ""procedures for maintaining standards of membership."""	"a trend is the removal of volunteer leaders under procedures defined in ""procedures for maintaining standards of membership."""
the departure bay ferry is the only marine link on the trans canada system that has no freeway or other high mobility highway access, forcing tch traffic through downtown nanaimo streets to reach the ferry to vancouver.	the departure bay ferry is the only marine link on the trans canada system that has no freeway or other high mobility highway access, instead routing tch traffic through downtown nanaimo streets to reach the ferry to vancouver.
about 50,000 survivors (out of knigsberg's prewar population of 316,000) cowered in the ruins of the devastated city.	about 50,000 survivors (out of knigsberg's prewar population of 316,000) remained in the ruins of the devastated city.
a distinguishing feature of this meditation program is its lack of effort, as contrasted with techniques involving concentration, or those involving contemplation or active thinking.	supporters claim distinguishing feature of this meditation program is its lack of effort, as contrasted with techniques involving concentration, or those involving contemplation or active thinking.
the albanian kingdom (albanian: mbretnija shqiptare, german: knigreich albanien) existed as a de facto country, between 1943 and 1944. before the armistice between italy and the allied armed forces on 8 september 1943, albania had been in a de jure personal union with and was de facto under the control of the kingdom of italy.	the albanian kingdom (albanian: mbretnija shqiptare, german: knigreich albanien) existed as a de jure independent country, between 1943 and 1944. before the armistice between italy and the allied armed forces on 8 september 1943, albania had been in a de jure personal union with and was de facto under the control of the kingdom of italy.
it was a heist adventure set in war-time greece, and stars telly savalas and david niven, and features mostly american character actors, including elliott gould, stefanie powers, richard roundtree, sonny bono, and italian bombshell claudia cardinale.	it was a heist adventure set in war-time greece, and stars telly savalas and david niven, and features mostly american character actors, including elliott gould, stefanie powers, richard roundtree, sonny bono, and italian actress claudia cardinale.
meir david kahane (; august 1, 1932 november 5, 1990) was an american-israeli orthodox rabbi, ultra-nationalist politician, teacher, and writer, whose work became either the direct or the indirect foundation of most modern jewish militant and far right-wing political groups.	meir david kahane (; august 1, 1932 november 5, 1990) was an american-israeli orthodox rabbi, politician, teacher, and writer, whose work became either the direct or the indirect foundation of most modern jewish militant and far right-wing political groups.
"the theme song lyric ""and all the rest"" is likely a reference to the theme song of the first season of gilligan's island, which used virtually the same phrase in its theme song rather than list ""second- rate "" characters the professor and mary ann."	"the theme song lyric ""and all the rest"" is likely a reference to the theme song of the first season of gilligan's island, which used virtually the same phrase in its theme song rather than list ""second- tier "" characters the professor and mary ann."
further developments under andrew blumer included the building of the st. piran's centre, providing outstanding swimming, dance and sports facilities for the pupils.	further developments under andrew blumer included the building of the st. piran's centre, providing swimming, dance and sports facilities for the pupils.
a least ten people were killed and scores wounded in a large crowd of palestinian marchers in rafah, gaza strip after the idf fired multiple warning shots.	a least ten people were killed and scores wounded in a large crowd of palestinian marchers in rafah, gaza strip after the idf fired warning shots.
istook voted in favor of cafta, wants the us withdraw from the world trade organization, wants the removal of the death tax , and supported normal trade relations with the peoples republic of china to be made permanent.	istook voted in favor of cafta, wants the us withdraw from the world trade organization, wants the removal of the estate tax , and supported normal trade relations with the peoples republic of china to be made permanent.
the garage is a popular youth center and music venue in minneapolis, minnesota	the garage is a youth center and music venue in minneapolis, minnesota
controversial police chief daryl gates, long criticized for perceived racism and corruption in the department, later drew sharp rebuke for attending a political fundraiser that evening.	police chief daryl gates, long criticized for perceived racism and corruption in the department, later drew sharp rebuke for attending a political fundraiser that evening.
"to avoid a lengthy and costly legal battle, scottevest agreed to change the font of the ""e"" in their logo, but widely publicized the dispute as a david vs. goliath fight."	"to avoid a lengthy and costly legal battle, scottevest agreed to change the font of the ""e"" in their logo, but publicized the dispute as a david vs. goliath fight."
stand-up comedienne paula poundstone made a guest appearance.	stand-up comedian paula poundstone made a guest appearance.
while the factual basis for creationism should be researched further, the encyclical issues a clear no to another scientific opinion popular at the time, polygenism, the scientific hypothesis that mankind descended from different groups of original humanoid animals (that there were many groups of adams and eves).	while the factual basis for creationism should be researched further, the encyclical issues a clear no to another scientific opinion popular at the time, polygenism, the scientific hypothesis that humankind descended from different groups of original humanoid animals (that there were many groups of adams and eves).
the irgc has been known to regularly practice torture and various other human rights abuses in order to eliminate the counter-revolutionary movement within iran.	the irgc has been known to regularly practice torture and various other human rights abuses in order to eliminate the reform movement within iran.
she was born in rouen and died in 1780. she lost her mother when she was only eleven but wrote that she did not mourn her passing .	she was born in rouen and died in 1780. she lost her mother when she was only eleven but wrote that she did not mourn her death .
between 20072010 several scholars have already explored first applications and the social potential of the semantic web in the business and health sectors, and for social networking and even for the broader evolution of democracy, specifically, how a society forms its common will in a democratic manner through a semantic web	between 20072010 several scholars have explored first applications and the social potential of the semantic web in the business and health sectors, and for social networking and even for the broader evolution of democracy, specifically, how a society forms its common will in a democratic manner through a semantic web
tetracycline, troglitazone), excessive alcohol intake (severe alcoholic hepatitis), viral hepatitis (hepatitis a or b it is extremely uncommon in hepatitis c), acute fatty liver of pregnancy, and idiopathic (without an obvious cause).	tetracycline, troglitazone), excessive alcohol consumption (severe alcoholic hepatitis), viral hepatitis (hepatitis a or b it is extremely uncommon in hepatitis c), acute fatty liver of pregnancy, and idiopathic (without an obvious cause).
red hat has now filed a lawsuit against sco, seeking to stop sco's vague intellectual property claims, and seeking legal redress for the harm done to red hat by such claims.	red hat has now filed a lawsuit against sco, seeking to stop sco's intellectual property claims, and seeking legal redress for the harm done to red hat by such claims.
his time in scotland was filled with success as he helped rangers complete their nine-in-a-row sweep of the scottish premier league and was awarded danish player of the year twice, giving him a record four wins of the prestigious award.	his time in scotland was filled with success as he helped rangers complete their nine-in-a-row sweep of the scottish premier league and was awarded danish player of the year twice, giving him a record four wins of the award.
john maynard keynes, 1st baron keynes of tilton (pronounced kaynes) (june 5, 1883 – april 21, 1946) was an english economist, whose radical ideas had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on franklin d. roosevelt's new deal.	john maynard keynes, 1st baron keynes of tilton (pronounced kaynes) (june 5, 1883 – april 21, 1946) was an english economist, whose ideas had a major impact on modern economic and political theory as well as on franklin d. roosevelt's new deal.
the irgc has been known to regularly practice torture and various other human rights abuses in order to eliminate the reform movement within iran.	the irgc has been known to regularly practice torture and various other human rights abuses in order to eliminate the counter-revolutionary movement within iran.
in september 2007, the museum dedicated a new monumental sculpture of five elk called wapiti trail by favorite american sculptor bart walter.	in september 2007, the museum dedicated a new monumental sculpture of five elk called wapiti trail by american sculptor bart walter.
network neutrality is thebmbmbmn principle that all internet traffic should be treated equally.	network neutrality is the principle that all internet traffic should be treated equally.
anti-globalization is a pejorative term used to describe the political stance of people and groups who oppose the neoliberal version of globalization.	anti-globalization is a term used to describe the political stance of people and groups who oppose the neoliberal version of globalization.
"nat ""king"" cole (march 17, 1919 – february 15, 1965) was a hugely popular american singer and jazz musician."	"nat ""king"" cole (march 17, 1919 – february 15, 1965) was a popular american singer and jazz musician."
the famous swordsman miyamoto musashi was present in the besieging army, in an advisory role to hosokawa tadatoshi.	the swordsman miyamoto musashi was present in the besieging army, in an advisory role to hosokawa tadatoshi.
several east asian cultures, such as chinese, japanese, korean, mongolia, taiwanese and vietnamese, share this traditional way of counting a person's age, in which a person's age is counted starting from conception, rather than from physical birth.	several east asian cultures, such as chinese, japanese, korean, mongolia, and vietnamese, share this traditional way of counting a person's age, in which a person's age is counted starting from conception, rather than from physical birth.
his political views have been seen as left-leaning, although they have sometimes been controversial.	his political views have been seen as left-leaning, and they have sometimes been controversial.
after a quick run on the left flank he provided a great left-footed (he is right-footed by nature) cross for ruud van nistelrooy, whose header found the net, as madrid came from behind to win in away 2-1.	after a quick run on the left flank he provided a left-footed (he is right-footed by nature) cross for ruud van nistelrooy, whose header found the net, as madrid came from behind to win in away 2-1.
one of the air ambulances attending an incident in severe weather conditions.	one of the air ambulances attending an incident in snowy weather conditions.
she is also the love interest of goliath, the clan's leader, though despite incredible tension between the two they do not admit their feelings for each other until the finale of the second (and, canonically speaking, final) season.	she is also the love interest of goliath, the clan's leader, though despite extreme tension between the two they do not admit their feelings for each other until the finale of the second (and, canonically speaking, final) season.
he was among the founders of the secret macedonian society established in 1885 in sofia to promote a separate pro-serbian kind of slav macedonian identity, distinguished especially from the ethnic identity of the bulgarians.	he was among the founders of the secret macedonian society established in 1885 in sofia to promote a separate serbophile kind of slav macedonian identity, distinguished especially from the ethnic identity of the bulgarians.
the premiere season also featured judges kimora lee simmons, beau quillian, and janice dickinson, who pompously bills herself as the world's first supermodel.	the premiere season also featured judges kimora lee simmons, beau quillian, and janice dickinson, who bills herself as the world's first supermodel.
exxon reported 10.8 million gallons (40,900 m), but all other estimates are much higher, generally around 30 million gallons (110,000 m).	exxon reported 10.8 million gallons (40,900 m), but all other estimates are higher, generally around 30 million gallons (110,000 m).
after returning from india bell suffered an average start to the season with warwickshire.	after returning from india bell had an average start to the season with warwickshire.
he was manager of blackpool for 23 years and guided them to victory in the famous 1953 fa cup final, the only time they have won the competition since their 1887 inception.	he was manager of blackpool for 23 years and guided them to victory in the 1953 fa cup final, the only time they have won the competition since their 1887 inception.
africans were first brought to jamestown and virginia in 1619 and often had the same status as indentured servants as did most white laborers in those years.	africans were first brought to jamestown and virginia in 1619 and had the same status as indentured servants as did most white laborers in those years.
november 30 - deutsche bank board member alfred herrhausen is killed by a terrorist bomb (the red army faction claims responsibility for the murder).	november 30 - deutsche bank board member alfred herrhausen is killed by a bomb (the red army faction claims responsibility for the murder).
mama june shannon claims that she is legally blind from untreated cataracts she developed as a child.	mama june shannon says that she is legally blind from untreated cataracts she developed as a child.
"the opening and closing line ""tank fly boss walk jam nitty gritty you're listening to the boy from the big bad city, this is jam hot, this is jam hot"" was from johnny dynell's 1983 cult hit ""jam hot"" and became an instant classic and was repeated often, being used as the most common reference to the song."	"the opening and closing line ""tank fly boss walk jam nitty gritty you're listening to the boy from the big bad city, this is jam hot, this is jam hot"" was from johnny dynell's 1983 hit ""jam hot"" and became an instant classic and was repeated often, being used as the most common reference to the song."
ideology = welsh independence welsh nationalism social democracy regionalism |	ideology = welsh independence welsh nationalism social democracy |
derr attended cornell university and was a member of the prestigious sphinx head society.	derr attended cornell university and was a member of the sphinx head society.
rawalpindi also maintains strong links with the pahari-potwari speaking people of neighbouring pakistan occupied kashmir who have many businesses within the city and region.	rawalpindi also maintains strong links with the pahari-potwari speaking people of neighbouring pakistan -administered kashmir who have many businesses within the city and region.
"however, the subsequent backlash against the band's perceived appropriation of a similar led zeppelin sound (earning them the unfair derisive moniker of ""kingdom clone"") hurt their commercial appeal, and after the band's second album failed to sell well, all members other than wolf quit the group."	"however, the subsequent backlash against the band's perceived appropriation of a similar led zeppelin sound (earning them the derisive moniker of ""kingdom clone"") hurt their commercial appeal, and after the band's second album failed to sell well, all members other than wolf quit the group."
a heartbreaker to old blue in the season opener and a lopsided loss to yearly league rival suffolk at their home field.	a loss to old blue in the season opener and a lopsided loss to yearly league rival suffolk at their home field.
carmona's dictatorship	carmona's regime
dopenation have been credited for producing incredible sounds for ghanaian artists including e.l, shatta wale, joey b, pappy kojo, eazzy , flowking stone among others.	dopenation have been credited for producing sounds for ghanaian artists including e.l, shatta wale, joey b, pappy kojo, eazzy , flowking stone among others.
"the apa immediately issued an official disavowal of the paper, noting that it had not been peer-reviewed and bluntly stating that ""there is no published scientific evidence supporting the efficacy of reparative therapy as a treatment to change one's sexual orientation."""	"the apa immediately issued an official disavowal of the paper, noting that it had not been peer-reviewed and stating that ""there is no published scientific evidence supporting the efficacy of reparative therapy as a treatment to change one's sexual orientation."""
she was granted bahraini citizenship by bahraini king hamad bin isa al khalifa a few days after she gave a spectacular performance in the operetta love and loyalty in celebration of bahrains independence day.	she was granted bahraini citizenship by bahraini king hamad bin isa al khalifa a few days after she gave a performance in the operetta love and loyalty in celebration of bahrains independence day.
"the term ""rootkit"" (also written as ""root kit"") originally referred to a set of recompiled unix tools such as ""ps"", ""netstat"", ""w"" and ""passwd"" that would carefully hide any trace of the cracker that those commands would normally display, thus allowing the crackers to maintain ""root"" on the system without the system administrator even seeing them."	"the term ""rootkit"" (also written as ""root kit"") originally referred to a set of recompiled unix tools such as ""ps"", ""netstat"", ""w"" and ""passwd"" that would carefully hide any trace of the cracker that those commands would normally display, thus allowing the intruders to maintain ""root"" on the system without the system administrator even seeing them."
the specialists is a multiplayer mod for the popular first-person shooter computer game half-life.	the specialists is a multiplayer mod for the first-person shooter computer game half-life.
of the prestigious university of warwick with over 7,500 students.	of the university of warwick with over 7,500 students.
drawing on pope paul vi's encyclical humanae vitae, the catholic apologist frank m. rega, s.f.o., writes :the freedom of choice act (foca) is legislation co-sponsored by barack obama which would nullify all state laws that in any way attempt to limit or regulate abortion, including partial-birth abortion.	drawing on pope paul vi's encyclical humanae vitae, the catholic writer frank m. rega, s.f.o., writes :the freedom of choice act (foca) is legislation co-sponsored by barack obama which would nullify all state laws that in any way attempt to limit or regulate abortion, including partial-birth abortion.
sctv parody shows include a parody of the popular western drama the life and times of grizzly adams  retitled grizzly abrams  which depicts the burly wilderness hero as the owner of a wild tortoise which takes weeks to lead police to the skeletal remains of its master, trapped beneath a fallen log.	sctv parody shows include a parody of the western drama the life and times of grizzly adams  retitled grizzly abrams  which depicts the burly wilderness hero as the owner of a wild tortoise which takes weeks to lead police to the skeletal remains of its master, trapped beneath a fallen log.
thankfully this proposal was rejected by the cites parties, and instead a landmark decision taken, which states that tigers should not be bred for trade in their parts and derivatives.	this proposal was rejected by the cites parties, and instead a landmark decision taken, which states that tigers should not be bred for trade in their parts and derivatives.
300 px| happy rabbit enjoying parsley	300 px| house rabbit enjoying parsley
presenters included east 17, jean paul gaultier, naomi campbell, pamela anderson and model helena christensen, who famously kissed inxs's michael hutchence live on stage.	presenters included east 17, jean paul gaultier, naomi campbell, pamela anderson and model helena christensen, who kissed inxs's michael hutchence live on stage.
in a 1992 book, authors sut jhally and justin lewis use the results of an audience study to argue that the cosby show obscured the issues of class and race and reinforced the myth that african-americans have only themselves to blame if they don't succeed in society.	in a 1992 book, authors sut jhally and justin lewis use the results of an audience study to argue that the cosby show obscured the issues of class and race and reinforced the belief that african-americans have only themselves to blame if they don't succeed in society.
the city has been increasing in population dramatically in recent years and has become a magnet for retirees, losing its rural charm .	the city has been increasing in population dramatically in recent years and has become a magnet for retirees, losing its rural character .
"sam's grandparents force her to take him along to her school dance that night and, to sam's amazement, it takes ""the donger"" only five minutes to find an unlikely girlfriend — the tallish, large-breasted jock, marlene, aptly nicknamed ""lumberjack."""	"sam's grandparents force her to take him along to her school dance that night and, to sam's amazement, it takes ""the donger"" only five minutes to find an unlikely girlfriend — the tallish, large-breasted jock, marlene, nicknamed ""lumberjack."""
the mind science foundation (msf) is a private nonprofit scientific foundation in san antonio, texas, established by visionary philanthropist thomas baker slick in 1958.	the mind science foundation (msf) is a private nonprofit scientific foundation in san antonio, texas, established by philanthropist thomas baker slick in 1958.
home secretary david blunkett ordered an inquiry into these failings , chaired by sir michael bichard, and later ordered the suspension of david westwood, chief of humberside police.	home secretary david blunkett ordered an inquiry into these revealations , chaired by sir michael bichard, and later ordered the suspension of david westwood, chief of humberside police.
with perceptive comments on the 20082010 irish financial crisis.	with comments on the 20082010 irish financial crisis.
the night the lights went out in georgia is a southern gothic song, written in 1972 by songwriter bobby russell and sung by vicki lawrence, an american singer, actress, and comedienne .	the night the lights went out in georgia is a southern gothic song, written in 1972 by songwriter bobby russell and sung by vicki lawrence, an american singer, actress, and comedian .
her atlantic row was part of an expedition with her fiance colin angus to circumnavigate the world entirely by human power.	her atlantic row was part of an expedition with her fiance colin angus to circumnavigate the northern hemisphere entirely by human power.
"a 1966 article in the new york times accurately described the organization as an ""ultra-right-wing... political-economic rather than medical"" group, and asserted that historically some of its leaders had been members of the john birch society."	"a 1966 article in the new york times described the organization as an ""ultra-right-wing... political-economic rather than medical"" group, and asserted that historically some of its leaders had been members of the john birch society."
the 1935 act imposed an embargo on arms trading with the countries war .	the 1935 act imposed an embargo on arms trading with the countries atwar .
albert lee born december 21, 1943 in leominster, herefordshire is an english virtuoso guitarist known for his finger-style and hybrid picking technique.	albert lee born december 21, 1943 in leominster, herefordshire is an english guitarist known for his finger-style and hybrid picking technique.
, and as advisor to rudy giuliani in his 2008 presidential campaign he was the source for a disputed statistic that led to much criticism of giuliani by foreign politicians, and the media in the u.s. and europe.	, and as advisor to rudy giuliani in his 2008 presidential campaign he was the source for a disputed statistic that led to criticism of giuliani by foreign politicians, and the media in the u.s. and europe.
in case of default, different tranches may have conflicting goals, which can lead to expensive and time-consuming lawsuits, humorously called tranche warfare (punning on trench warfare).	in case of default, different tranches may have conflicting goals, which can lead to expensive and time-consuming lawsuits, called tranche warfare (punning on trench warfare).
lynne marie hobbs (ne slater) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by elaine lordan.	lynne marie hobbs (ne slater) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by elaine lordan.
the defensive response of the vatican, though, is contradicted by the following elements:	the response of the vatican, though, is contradicted by the following elements:
mraz's stylistic influences seem multiple and varied, a mixture of pop, folksy country, and even hip-hop/rap; he is nothing if not wonderfully eclectic.	mraz's stylistic influences seem multiple and varied, a mixture of pop, folksy country, and even hip-hop/rap; he is nothing if not eclectic.
superia is a popular brand of colour negative film produced by the japanese company fujifilm.	superia is a brand of colour negative film produced by the japanese company fujifilm.
gaia online (formerly known as go-gaia) is an anime-inspired awsome online forum and games site founded on february 18, 2003 by derek liu, josh gainsbrugh, long vo, studio xd artists, and programmers/web designers.	gaia online (formerly known as go-gaia) is an anime-inspired online forum and games site founded on february 18, 2003 by derek liu, josh gainsbrugh, long vo, studio xd artists, and programmers/web designers.
she is best known for her work on true blood and the good wife.	she is known for her work on true blood and the good wife.
he stumbles out in a daze, and is informed by a pretty young woman, lynda moss, that his disorientation is due to the effects of the transmat.	he stumbles out in a daze, and is informed by a young woman, lynda moss, that his disorientation is due to the effects of the transmat.
he also portrays the late donald greene, one of the heroic passengers of doomed flight 93, in paul greengrass' controversial 9/11 film united 93.	he also portrays the late donald greene, one of the passengers of doomed flight 93, in paul greengrass' controversial 9/11 film united 93.
2004 – ahmed yassin, co-founder and leader of the palestinian sunni islamist resistance group hamas, two bodyguards, and nine civilian bystanders are killed in the gaza strip when hit by israeli air force ah-64 apache fired hellfire missiles.	2004 – ahmed yassin, co-founder and leader of the palestinian sunni islamist terrorist group hamas, two bodyguards, and nine civilian bystanders are killed in the gaza strip when hit by israeli air force ah-64 apache fired hellfire missiles.
rachel duguay (born 1975), american actress, voice actress, comedienne , and television writer	rachel duguay (born 1975), american actress, voice actress, comedian , and television writer
long-songs are one of the greatest features of traditional mongolian music.	long-songs are one of the features of traditional mongolian music.
whereas d&d conflated armor with defense, brp treated them as separate functions: the act of parrying was a defensive skill that reduced an opponent's chance to successfully land an attack, and the purpose of armor was to absorb damage.	whereas d&d merged armor with defense, brp treated them as separate functions: the act of parrying was a defensive skill that reduced an opponent's chance to successfully land an attack, and the purpose of armor was to absorb damage.
edward p. ra (born november 4, 1981) is an american career politician who is a member of the new york state assembly.	edward p. ra (born november 4, 1981) is an american politician who is a member of the new york state assembly.
the play is set in st. louis, missouri, united states, during the great depression and deals with the troubled relationship between an aging mother, amanda wingfield, and her painfully shy daughter laura wingfield, as told by the son and brother, tom wingfield, who is supposedly relating events from memory.	the play is set in st. louis, missouri, united states, during the great depression and deals with the troubled relationship between an aging mother, amanda wingfield, and her shy daughter laura wingfield, as told by the son and brother, tom wingfield, who is supposedly relating events from memory.
the capital of the cossack hetmanate, an autonomous ukrainian cossack republic in left-bank ukraine, was located in baturyn from 16691708, and from 1750-1764. it was in baturyn that hetman ivan briukhovetsky signed the baturyn statutes in 1663, which further elaborated the treaty with the tsardom of russia which khmelnytsky had initiated with the treaty of pereyaslav in 1654.	the capital of the cossack hetmanate, an autonomous cossack republic in left-bank ukraine, was located in baturyn from 16691708, and from 1750-1764. it was in baturyn that hetman ivan briukhovetsky signed the baturyn statutes in 1663, which further elaborated the treaty with the tsardom of russia which khmelnytsky had initiated with the treaty of pereyaslav in 1654.
san agustn is a name dating from the seventeenth century, designating a mountainous region in southern colombia where a thousand-year-old culture flourished .	san agustn is a name dating from the seventeenth century, designating a mountainous region in southern colombia where a thousand-year-old culture lived .
krauthammer's articles are usually supportive of israel, and he judiciously accuses those who are relentlessly critical of israel, of anti-semitism or anti-zionism.	krauthammer's articles are usually supportive of israel, and he frequently accuses those who are relentlessly critical of israel, of anti-semitism or anti-zionism.
john peter petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is an american virtuoso guitarist, composer and producer.	john peter petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is an american guitarist, composer and producer.
jones faced public criticism came after refereeing a fixture between sunderland and liverpool on 17 october 2009. the match was won 1-0 by sunderland but the only goal of the game was a shot by darren bent took a heavy deflection off a beach ball, diverting liverpool goalkeeper pepe reina's attention, and found its way into the back of the net.	jones faced criticism came after refereeing a fixture between sunderland and liverpool on 17 october 2009. the match was won 1-0 by sunderland but the only goal of the game was a shot by darren bent took a heavy deflection off a beach ball, diverting liverpool goalkeeper pepe reina's attention, and found its way into the back of the net.
he is a talented vocalist and record producer, drawing on progressive metal with influences from free jazz, blues, industrial, ambient and classical music.	he is a vocalist and record producer, drawing on progressive metal with influences from free jazz, blues, industrial, ambient and classical music.
thus, in an agent-neutral theory, an actor's own personal goals do not count any more than anyone else's goals in evaluating what action the actor should take.	thus, in an agent-neutral theory, an actor's personal goals do not count any more than anyone else's goals in evaluating what action the actor should take.
"from 1964 to 1980, dooley was notably assisted by his defensive coordinator, erskine ""erk"" russell."	"from 1964 to 1980, dooley was assisted by his defensive coordinator, erskine ""erk"" russell."
dbutsu no mori plus, the nintendo gamecube version of dbutsu no mori, was released on december 14th, 2001, only eight months after the original game.	dbutsu no mori plus, the nintendo gamecube version of dbutsu no mori, was released on december 14th, 2001, eight months after the original game.
the revolt established the republic of hawaii, but the ultimate goal was the annexation of the islands to the united states, which was temporarily blocked by the president grover cleveland.	the coup d'tat established the republic of hawaii, but the ultimate goal was the annexation of the islands to the united states, which was temporarily blocked by the president grover cleveland.
both open spaces were sadly lost in the 19th century, when the land was sold to property developers.	both open spaces were lost in the 19th century, when the land was sold to property developers.
a final, three story fifth series was transmitted in autumn 2011 - sadly uncompleted due to the death of elisabeth sladen in early 2011.	a final, three story fifth series was transmitted in autumn 2011 - uncompleted due to the death of elisabeth sladen in early 2011.
"width=""150"" style=""background:#c6c8ff"" |actor /actress"	"width=""150"" style=""background:#c6c8ff"" |actor"
may has since claimed she has changed her mind on gay adoption during an appearance on the panel of the bbc's question time programme on 20 may 2010.	may has since stated she has changed her mind on gay adoption during an appearance on the panel of the bbc's question time programme on 20 may 2010.
however queen mary had sold the palace of nonsuch to henry fitzalan, 19th earl of arundel in 1556, and lumley inherited it from his father-in-law in 1580. lumley was a leading elizabethan connoisseur with a magnificent collection of books and paintings, and during his tenure developed a major garden at nonsuch.	however queen mary had sold the palace of nonsuch to henry fitzalan, 19th earl of arundel in 1556, and lumley inherited it from his father-in-law in 1580. lumley was a leading elizabethan connoisseur with a notable collection of books and paintings, and during his tenure developed a major garden at nonsuch.
the assassination of louis xvi heightened tensions in the colony.	the execution of louis xvi heightened tensions in the colony.
the game combines dodging, striking, running, and jumping, with the object of being the last man standing.	the game combines dodging, striking, running, and jumping, with the object of being the last person standing.
due to his excellent work at toluca, cardozo was elected as the paraguayan footballer of the year in the years 2000, 2002 and 2003. cardozo was transferred to argentine team san lorenzo de almagro in june, 2005 and finished the season with only 4 goals due to injuries that kept him away from playing several games.	due to his work at toluca, cardozo was elected as the paraguayan footballer of the year in the years 2000, 2002 and 2003. cardozo was transferred to argentine team san lorenzo de almagro in june, 2005 and finished the season with only 4 goals due to injuries that kept him away from playing several games.
in cuba, the five are viewed as national heroes for having sacrificed their liberty in the defense of their country.	in cuba, the five are viewed as national heroes and portrayed as having sacrificed their liberty in the defense of their country.
oslo peace accords, intifada, security barrier, road map 1993 cepresent	oslo peace accords, intifada, separation barrier, road map 1993 cepresent
in 1999, justus reid weiner, a scholar at the jerusalem center for public affairs, conducted a study in which he asserts that edward said's family did not permanently reside in talbiya and did not live there during the final months of the british mandate, and thus they could not be considered refugees.	in 1999, justus reid weiner, a lawyer at the jerusalem center for public affairs, conducted a study in which he asserts that edward said's family did not permanently reside in talbiya and did not live there during the final months of the british mandate, and thus they could not be considered refugees.
kesto, replaced his father as the vice-chairman of the bbfm after his passing in 2001.	kesto, replaced his father as the vice-chairman of the bbfm after his death in 2001.
he is best known for having portrayed daniel nyland in the cbs series chicago hope, greg montgomery on the abc series dharma & greg, and aaron hotchner on the cbs series criminal minds.	he is known for having portrayed daniel nyland in the cbs series chicago hope, greg montgomery on the abc series dharma & greg, and aaron hotchner on the cbs series criminal minds.
the people's republic of china or prc is a socialist state in east asia, and the fourth largest country in land area in the world.	the people's republic of china or prc is a communist state in east asia, and the fourth largest country in land area in the world.
rathfarnham is the start of the infamous military road.	rathfarnham is the start of the military road.
in a june 2000 press release, cti corporation, which manufactures neuticles, cited an investigation revealing that companies in new york and california were pirating neuticles.	in a june 2000 press release, cti corporation, which manufactures neuticles, cited an investigation revealing that companies in new york and california were infringing the patent of neuticles.
"hari has engaged in polemics with his member of parliament, george galloway who he accused of ""supporting a string of dictators"" and being a remnant of the part of the left that supported stalinism."	"hari has engaged in a long disagreement with his member of parliament, george galloway who he accused of ""supporting a string of dictators"" and being a remnant of the part of the left that supported stalinism."
<noinclude> i suggest we sysop him because .....	<noinclude> i suggest we sysop this nominee because .....
press tv has been the subject of many controversies and criticisms.	press tv has been the subject of controversies and criticisms.
some jurisdictions further recognise equal rights, protections, and privileges for the family structures of same-sex couples, including marriage.	some jurisdictions further recognise identical rights, protections, and privileges for the family structures of same-sex couples, including marriage.
beginning in the 1960s, the party's core base shifted considerably , with the southern states becoming more reliably republican in presidential politics and the northeastern states becoming more reliably democratic.	beginning in the 1960s, the party's core base shifted, with the southern states becoming more reliably republican in presidential politics and the northeastern states becoming more reliably democratic.
he was the second of three children, his father dying when he was only 17 years of age.	he was the second of three children, his father dying when he was 17 years of age.
"unlike typical interband semiconductor lasers that emit electromagnetic radiation through the recombination of electronhole pairs across the material band gap, qcls are unipolar and laser emission is achieved through the use of intersubband transitions in a repeated stack of semiconductor superlattices, an idea first proposed in the seminal paper ""possibility of amplification of electromagnetic waves in a semiconductor with a superlattice"" by r.f."	"unlike typical interband semiconductor lasers that emit electromagnetic radiation through the recombination of electronhole pairs across the material band gap, qcls are unipolar and laser emission is achieved through the use of intersubband transitions in a repeated stack of semiconductor superlattices, an idea first proposed in the ` paper ""possibility of amplification of electromagnetic waves in a semiconductor with a superlattice"" by r.f."
zokora joined tottenham in the summer of 2006 following his impressive performances for the national side at the world cup in germany.	zokora joined tottenham in the summer of 2006 following his performances for the national side at the world cup in germany.
despite occasional attempts to reduce time limits for abortion access, british pro-life groups have been unsuccessful at limiting women's abortion access, due to that country's long-established and vigilant pro- abortion movement.	despite occasional attempts to reduce time limits for abortion access, british pro-life groups have been unsuccessful at limiting women's abortion access, due to that country's long-established and vigilant pro- choice movement.
diagnoseme, season 1 - episode 8 covered in bugs, beautifully follows a patient suffering skin bugs sensation...formication...due to old amalgam dental fillings	diagnoseme, season 1 - episode 8 covered in bugs, follows a patient suffering skin bugs sensation...formication...due to old amalgam dental fillings
...and no one else wanted to play was the first full-length album from edmonton, alberta's seminal punk band snfu.	...and no one else wanted to play was the first full-length album from edmonton, alberta's punk band snfu.
anne meara (september 20, 1929  may 23, 2015) was an american actress and comedienne .	anne meara (september 20, 1929  may 23, 2015) was an american actress and comedian .
linda medley (b. may 17, 1964, in stockton, california) is an acclaimed american comic book author and illustrator, known for her castle waiting series of comic books and graphic novels.	linda medley (b. may 17, 1964, in stockton, california) is an american comic book author and illustrator, known for her castle waiting series of comic books and graphic novels.
luciano gaucci (1991 till 2004 chairman) tried also to hire two female footabllers, forwards hanna ljungberg and birgit prinz, while succeeded in getting lybian dictator muhammar gheddafi son, al-saadi gheddafi, in the roster.	luciano gaucci (1991 till 2004 chairman) tried also to hire two female footabllers, forwards hanna ljungberg and birgit prinz, while succeeded in getting lybian leader muhammar gheddafi son, al-saadi gheddafi, in the roster.
in addition to the traditionals and originals , the voyants perform quite a few well-chosen cover tunes.	in addition to the traditionals and originals , the voyants perform quite a few cover tunes.
following unreasonable demands for lakota families and hunters to report to the various agencies in the middle of the winter of 1875-76, grant approved orders for the army to round up the bands by force.	following demands for lakota families and hunters to report to the various agencies in the middle of the winter of 1875-76, grant approved orders for the army to round up the bands by force.
on 2 november 2016, their latest reconciliation was reported in a major pakistani newspaper.	on 2 november 2016, their latest reconciliation was reported in a pakistani newspaper.
john archibald getty, iii (born november 30, 1950) is an american revisionist historian and professor at the university of california, los angeles.	john archibald getty, iii (born november 30, 1950) is an american historian and professor at the university of california, los angeles.
"according to welch, writes the progressive watchdog group political research associates about the birchers, ""both the us and soviet governments are controlled by the same furtive conspiratorial cabal of internationalists, greedy bankers, and corrupt politicians."	"according to welch, writes the left-wing watchdog group political research associates about the birchers, ""both the us and soviet governments are controlled by the same furtive conspiratorial cabal of internationalists, greedy bankers, and corrupt politicians."
english breakfast tea is a traditional blend of select teas originating from assam, ceylon and kenya.	english breakfast tea is a traditional blend of teas originating from assam, ceylon and kenya.
following a prolonged campaign, including a series of demonstrations by photographers abused by police officers and pcsos, the metropolitan police was forced to issue updated legal advice which now confirms that 'members of the public and the media do not need a permit to film or photograph in public places and police have no power to stop them filming or photographing incidents or police personnel' and that 'the power to stop and search someone under section 44 of the terrorism act 2000 no longer exists.'	following a prolonged campaign, including a series of demonstrations by photographers dealt with by police officers and pcsos, the metropolitan police was forced to issue updated legal advice which now confirms that 'members of the public and the media do not need a permit to film or photograph in public places and police have no power to stop them filming or photographing incidents or police personnel' and that 'the power to stop and search someone under section 44 of the terrorism act 2000 no longer exists.'
he also symbolizes how scaa players' attitude on the field and the spirit of fighting until the very end.	he also symbolizes how scaa players' attitude on the field and the spirit of fighting until the end.
popular response, however, was far more positive, with the movie maintaining a spot in the top ten grossing movies of the week, for a month, even in limited release.	popular response, however, was more positive, with the movie maintaining a spot in the top ten grossing movies of the week, for a month, even in limited release.
during the democratic primary contest for the 2008 presidential race, morrison endorsed senator barack obama over senator hillary rodham clinton, though expressing admiration and respect for the latter.	in the democratic primary contest for the 2008 presidential race, morrison endorsed senator barack obama over senator hillary rodham clinton, though expressing admiration and respect for the latter.
five men (amerigo dumini - a prominent member of the fascist so-called ceka, giuseppe viola, albino volpi, augusto malacria and amleto poveromo) were arrested few days after the kidnapping.	five men (amerigo dumini - a prominent member of the fascist secret police, the ceka, giuseppe viola, albino volpi, augusto malacria and amleto poveromo) were arrested few days after the kidnapping.
the new colossus is a poem that jewish poet emma lazarus (1849-1887) wrote in 1883 for the statue of liberty,	the new colossus is a poem that poet emma lazarus (1849-1887) wrote in 1883 for the statue of liberty,
nandita das (born november 7, 1969 in new delhi, india) is an award-winning indian independent film actress and filmmaker.	nandita das (born november 7, 1969 in new delhi, india) is an indian independent film actress and filmmaker.
the hungarian soviet republic or soviet republic of hungary was a short-lived communist regime established in hungary in the aftermath of world war i.	the hungarian soviet republic or soviet republic of hungary was a short-lived communist state established in hungary in the aftermath of world war i.
"the decision was in conflict with the swedish neutrality-policy causing a political crisis (the ""midsummer crisis"" of 1941), and it raised many challenging questions about sweden's supposed neutrality during world war ii."	"the decision was in conflict with the swedish neutrality-policy causing a political crisis (the ""midsummer crisis"" of 1941), and it raised many challenging questions about sweden's neutrality during world war ii."
in 2013, he repeatedly spoke out against the film zero dark thirty and refused to vote for it for an academy award, believing that it promotes the acceptable use of torture.	in 2013, he repeatedly spoke out against the film zero dark thirty and refused to vote for it for an academy award, stating that it promotes the acceptable use of torture.
chris crutcher's biography presenting chris crutcher (1997, twayne publishers) was penned by fellow spokane born author terry davis, another respected young-adult author.	chris crutcher's biography presenting chris crutcher (1997, twayne publishers) was penned by fellow spokane born author terry davis, another young-adult author.
democratic philadelphia mayor jim kenney notoriously proposed the a city-wide soda tax that would raise the price of soda at three cents per ounce.	democratic philadelphia mayor jim kenney proposed the a city-wide soda tax that would raise the price of soda at three cents per ounce.
fernvale has a great bakery which claims to be the best bakery in australia as it has won many awards for pies.	fernvale has a bakery which claims to be the best bakery in australia as it has won many awards for pies.
however, cuts to the corporate tax rate and the bush tax cut extension are central to the economic plan mccain is campaining on.	however, cuts to the corporate tax rate and the bush tax cut extension are apart of to the economic plan mccain is campaining on.
march 12: three armenian terrorists attack the turkish embassy in ottawa, killing the guard.	march 12: three armenian gunman attack the turkish embassy in ottawa, killing the guard.
"christianity (from the greek word , khristos, ""christ"", literally ""anointed one"") is a monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth as presented in the new testament."	"christianity (from the greek word , khristos, ""christ"", literally ""anointed one"") is an abrahamic monotheistic religion based on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth as presented in the new testament."
as of february 2003 the united states appears to be moving rapidly towards a war on iraq, either with of without the support of the united nations.	as of february 2003 the united states appears to be moving towards a war on iraq, either with of without the support of the united nations.
milie simon (born 1978 in montpellier, france) is a talented singer and composer of electronic music.	milie simon (born 1978 in montpellier, france) is a singer and composer of electronic music.
rather than arbitrarily assigning a town as a south shore constituent, many massachusetts residents are calling for the state to define the area by the town's distance from the scenic ocean.	rather than arbitrarily assigning a town as a south shore constituent, many massachusetts residents are calling for the state to define the area by the town's distance from the ocean.
on 15th august 1962, she was rightfully honored at a simple yet serious ceremony in the old victoria park.	on 15th august 1962, she was honored at a simple yet serious ceremony in the old victoria park.
carlo giuliani (march 14, 1978 -- july 20, 2001) was an italian anti-globalist criminal who was shot and killed by police during the demonstrations against the group of eight summit that was held in genoa from july 19 to july 21, 2001. carlo giuliani was born in rome, the son of giuliano giuliani,	carlo giuliani (march 14, 1978 -- july 20, 2001) was an italian anti-globalist who was shot and killed by police during the demonstrations against the group of eight summit that was held in genoa from july 19 to july 21, 2001. carlo giuliani was born in rome, the son of giuliano giuliani,
philip j. berg (born april 13, 1944) is an american activist attorney who brought a racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act (rico) lawsuit charging president george w. bush and 154 others with complicity in the 9/11 attacks, and another suit challenging the eligibility of barack obama to become president of the united states.	philip j. berg (born april 13, 1944) is an american attorney who brought a racketeer influenced and corrupt organizations act (rico) lawsuit charging president george w. bush and 154 others with complicity in the 9/11 attacks, and another suit challenging the eligibility of barack obama to become president of the united states.
in the hostilities of 1948, 85% of the palestinian population abandoned their homes,either driven by force or by fear, fleeing to the west bank and gaza, where one third, 15% of the palestinian diaspora, still resides, and to the contiguous countries of lebanon, syria and jordan.	in the hostilities of 1948, 85% of the palestinian population left their homes, either driven by force or by fear, fleeing to the west bank and gaza, where one third, 15% of the palestinian diaspora, still resides, and to the contiguous countries of lebanon, syria and jordan.
due to chinese languages being pronounced with varying tones and korean's removal of those tones, and because the modern korean writing system, hangeul, has a more finite number of phonemes than, for example, latin-derived alphabets such as english's, there is a large number of homonyms with both same spelling and pronunciation.	due to chinese being pronounced with varying tones and korean's removal of those tones, and because the modern korean writing system, hangeul, has a more finite number of phonemes than, for example, latin-derived alphabets such as english's, there is a large number of homonyms with both same spelling and pronunciation.
likely due to this film's extremley poor reception, no more batman movies were made for nearly eight years, even leading to the the next batman film--2005's batman begins--being a complete reboot of this film franchise rather than an even further continuance of the existing series.	likely due to this film's poor reception, no more batman movies were made for nearly eight years, even leading to the the next batman film--2005's batman begins--being a complete reboot of this film franchise rather than an even further continuance of the existing series.
tommy sheridan has recently announced that he is forming a new political party in scotland ironically named the solidarity party, with fellow msp rosemary byrne.	tommy sheridan has recently announced that he is forming a new political party in scotland named the solidarity party, with fellow msp rosemary byrne.
one of the main events in fond du sac is the sunday market which is very unique.	one of the main events in fond du sac is the sunday market which is unique.
in the soviet union, the story was adapted into a beloved animated musical in 1969 by vasily livanov at the studio soyuzmultfilm, entitled the town musicians of bremen (, bremenskie muzykanty).	in the soviet union, the story was adapted into a animated musical in 1969 by vasily livanov at the studio soyuzmultfilm, entitled the town musicians of bremen (, bremenskie muzykanty).
pip, the file copy program for cp/m and pdp-11 computers, which was thankfully replaced by copy in ms-dos	pip, the file copy program for cp/m and pdp-11 computers, which was replaced by copy in ms-dos
its campaign against serbian security forces precipitated a major yugoslav military crackdown which led to the kosovo war of 1998-1999. aggression by yugoslav security forces and serb militias within kosovo prompted an exodus of kosovar albanians and a refugee crisis that eventually caused nato to intervene militarily in order to stop what was widely identified (by nato nations, human rights organizations, the eu, and western media) as an ongoing campaign of ethnic cleansing.	its campaign against serbian security forces precipitated a major yugoslav military crackdown which led to the kosovo war of 1998-1999. intervention by yugoslav security forces and serb militias within kosovo prompted an exodus of kosovar albanians and a refugee crisis that eventually caused nato to intervene militarily in order to stop what was widely identified (by nato nations, human rights organizations, the eu, and western media) as an ongoing campaign of ethnic cleansing.
"the practice of sat (devanagari: , the feminine of sat ""true"") (also suttee) is a hindu funeral custom , now rare, in which the widow would immolate herself on her husbands funeral pyre."	"the practice of sat (devanagari: , the feminine of sat ""true"") (also suttee) is a hindu funeral practice , now rare, in which the widow would immolate herself on her husbands funeral pyre."
within this general agreement, a growing number of scientists disagree with the conclusions drawn by the mainstream scientific community that most of this global warming is attributable to human activities.	within this general agreement, a small number of scientists disagree with the conclusions drawn by the mainstream scientific community that most of this global warming is attributable to human activities.
promoter vladimir hryunov won the right to promote klitschko vs. povwetkin with a purse bid of $23,333,330 and russian businessman andrey ryabinsky putting up the money.	promoter vladimir hryunov won the right to promote klitschko vs. povetkin with a purse bid of $23,333,330 and russian businessman andrey ryabinsky putting up the money.
the portuguese media reported that the pj were pursuing two lines of investigation: an abduction by an illegal international paedophile network or an abduction by an illegal adoption network.	the portuguese media reported that the pj were pursuing two lines of investigation: an abduction by an international paedophile network or an abduction by an illegal adoption network.
elenor and leo find themselves in johnstown when the flood takes place and jakes gives an awesome account of the experience of those in the town during the 24 hours prior to the flood, during the flood, and shortly after the flood.	elenor and leo find themselves in johnstown when the flood takes place and jakes gives an account of the experience of those in the town during the 24 hours prior to the flood, during the flood, and shortly after the flood.
ross later wrote an 11-page paper in 1995 titled the missionary threat addressing jewish concerns about fundamentalist christian groups that target jews specifically in missionary efforts:	ross later wrote an 11-page paper in 1995 titled the missionary threat addressing jewish concerns about fundamentalist christian groups that evangelize to jews specifically in missionary efforts:
whoopi goldberg actress, comedienne	whoopi goldberg actress, comedian
not particularly country-sounding, the depressing interiors may have been a personal catharsis for cash after her breakup with husband and longtime producer rodney crowell.	not particularly country-sounding, the introspective interiors may have been a personal catharsis for cash after her breakup with husband and longtime producer rodney crowell.
the luxurious interior of first class aboard the heathrow express class 332.	the interior of first class aboard the heathrow express class 332.
in 1982, much of the population of ro negro was killed ; tec survived, but witnessed the deaths of most of his immediate family members.	in 1982, much of the population of ro negro was murdered ; tec survived, but witnessed the deaths of most of his immediate family members.
dame cicely courtneidge (1893 1980), english actress, comedienne , and dame commander of the british empire (dbe)	dame cicely courtneidge (1893 1980), english actress, comedian , and dame commander of the british empire (dbe)
"the prestigious role-playing game website rpg codex published a non amateur review of the game that criticized grimoire's ""broken combat"", missing features, overpowered npcs, repetitive tilesets, transparency artifacts, and bad quest design, stating that ""grimoire is still unfinished""."	"the role-playing game website rpg codex published a non amateur review of the game that criticized grimoire's ""broken combat"", missing features, overpowered npcs, repetitive tilesets, transparency artifacts, and bad quest design, stating that ""grimoire is still unfinished""."
after the 1987 edwards v. aguillard decision in which the u.s. supreme court barred the required teaching of creation science from public schools but allowed evolutionary theory on the grounds of scientific validity, some creationists felt that new strategies and language was necessary to return religious nonsense to science classrooms.	after the 1987 edwards v. aguillard decision in which the u.s. supreme court barred the required teaching of creation science from public schools but allowed evolutionary theory on the grounds of scientific validity, some creationists felt that new strategies and language was necessary to return religious notions to science classrooms.
the authorities partially withdrew, and reduced the number of cta registrations in the concerned areas from around 2000 to just 341.	the authorities partially withdrew, and reduced the number of cta registrations in the concerned areas from around 2000 to 341.
"melbourne newspaper the truth famously headlined its report ""snedden died on the job"", while the sydney morning herald reported that snedden was wearing a condom and that ""it was loaded""."	"melbourne newspaper the truth headlined its report ""snedden died on the job"", while the sydney morning herald reported that snedden was wearing a condom and that ""it was loaded""."
eventually, events led the british to call on assistance from the extremist irgun, approaching one of their commanders, david raziel, whom they had imprisoned in mandatory palestine.	eventually, events led the british to call on assistance from the irgun, approaching one of their commanders, david raziel, whom they had imprisoned in mandatory palestine.
fellow congressmen shouted their disapprovals at wilson's outburst, and after the session, senator john mccain called upon wilson to immediately apologize.	fellow congressmen shouted their disapprovals at wilson's outburst, and after the session, senator john mccain called upon wilson to apologize.
after leading nantwich town to two promotions in three seasons and guiding them to a fantastic fa vase victory, and just missing out on promotion to the conference north at the end of the 2008–09 season, he returned to the attention of crewe alexandra, where he had spent four seasons as a player.	after leading nantwich town to two promotions in three seasons and guiding them to a fa vase victory, and just missing out on promotion to the conference north at the end of the 2008–09 season, he returned to the attention of crewe alexandra, where he had spent four seasons as a player.
fahrenheit 9/11 is an award-winning and controversial docu-ganda film by american filmmaker and anti-war activist michael moore, which had a general release in the united states and canada on june 25, 2004 in the run up to that year's presidential election.	fahrenheit 9/11 is an award-winning and controversial documtary film by american filmmaker and anti-war activist michael moore, which had a general release in the united states and canada on june 25, 2004 in the run up to that year's presidential election.
in 1967, the saturday evening club took it over and re-christened it the alternative: an american spectator.	in 1967, the saturday evening club took it over and renamed it the alternative: an american spectator.
after nearly thirty years of proselytizing , he died on 17 march 461, and according to tradition, was buried at downpatrick.	after nearly thirty years of evangelism , he died on 17 march 461, and according to tradition, was buried at downpatrick.
(about 700,000+ saw the show every week, in a country with only 5 million inhabitants going up against the 9oclock news.	(about 700,000+ saw the show every week, in a country with 5 million inhabitants going up against the 9oclock news.
there is much focus on the human rights records of communist states, which some critics incorrectly identify as examples of socialism.	there is much focus on the human rights records of communist states, which some critics identify as examples of socialism.
coco rocha, canadian supermodel	coco rocha, canadian model
luckily , robin hood was very successful upon its initial release, garnering around $9.5 million, the biggest disney attraction at that time.	however , robin hood was very successful upon its initial release, garnering around $9.5 million, the biggest disney attraction at that time.
while in carey college, he captained the cricket teams in all age groups but unfortunately lost the opportunity of heading the under -19 team as he moved on to wesley college, colombo for higher studies.	while in carey college, he captained the cricket teams in all age groups but lost the opportunity of heading the under -19 team as he moved on to wesley college, colombo for higher studies.
birmingham holds the largest saint patrick's day parade in britain with a massive city centre parade over a two-mile (3 km) route through the city centre.	birmingham holds the largest saint patrick's day parade in britain with a city centre parade over a two-mile (3 km) route through the city centre.
in an article published in far-left internet magazine counterpunch in 2004, will youmans noted that shoebat had never come under criminal investigation in the us for his alleged terrorist activities, nor had he been threatened with deportation, although two other palestinians in the us had faced deportation proceedings because of their alleged involvement with terrorist groups.	in an article published in internet magazine counterpunch in 2004, will youmans noted that shoebat had never come under criminal investigation in the us for his alleged terrorist activities, nor had he been threatened with deportation, although two other palestinians in the us had faced deportation proceedings because of their alleged involvement with terrorist groups.
although george w. bush made a special effort to reach hispanics, their negative reaction to republican nativism on the issue of immigration strengthened the democratic affiliations of those hispanics who voted.	although george w. bush made a special effort to reach hispanics, their negative reaction to republican enforcement-based approach on the issue of immigration strengthened the democratic affiliations of those hispanics who voted.
fighting from four hilltops, and surrounded and outnumbered nearly ten to one, us forces would virtually destroy eight of nine enemy battalions before an historic aerial withdrawl under heavy mortar, anti-aircraft, and small arms fire.	fighting from four hilltops, and surrounded and outnumbered nearly ten to one, us forces would virtually destroy eight of nine nva battalions before an historic aerial withdrawl under heavy mortar, anti-aircraft, and small arms fire.
kentucky can lay claim to many individual achievements for both players and coaches:	kentucky can lay claim to other individual achievements for both players and coaches:
the australian treads the murdoch editorial line on most issues, in favour of free-trade economic policy and, particularly, relaxed regulation of the media sector, a realpolitik approach to foreign policy, and, unlike its downmarket stablemates, a reasonably liberal approach on social issues.	the australian treads the murdoch editorial line on most issues, in favour of free-trade economic policy and, particularly, relaxed regulation of the media sector, a realpolitik approach to foreign policy, and, unlike its downmarket stablemates, a somewhat liberal approach on social issues.
also used in combat in iraq, attacking kurdish terrorists .	also used in combat in iraq, attacking kurdish insurgents .
"the allegations surfaced in reports complied by the centre for monitoring the impact of peace, an israeli-american ngo, which had discovered that the books contained statements such as ""treachery and disloyalty are character traits of the jews and one should be aware of them""."	"the allegations surfaced in reports complied by the centre for monitoring the impact of peace, an israeli-american ngo, which had claimed that the books contained statements such as ""treachery and disloyalty are character traits of the jews and one should be aware of them""."
the radical shiite cleric al-sadr strongly condemned construction of azamiyah wall around a sunni neighborhood in baghdad, on april 25 2007, by calling for demonstrations against the plan as a sign of ``the evil will of american ``occupiers.	the shiite cleric al-sadr strongly condemned construction of azamiyah wall around a sunni neighborhood in baghdad, on april 25 2007, by calling for demonstrations against the plan as a sign of ``the evil will of american ``occupiers.
however, since spermicide is not believed to help prevent stds, the lacking of spermicide is not an issue for homosexual sex.	however, since spermicide is not believed to help prevent stds, the lacking of spermicide is not an issue for anal sex.
a 2011 review found limited evidence for the effectiveness of maca as a treatment for menopausal symptoms, with no evidence of its safety.	a 2011 review found no good evidence for the effectiveness of maca as a treatment for menopausal symptoms, with no evidence of its safety.
"earlier in the day, he had claimed on his blog, based on leaked alleged plans, and ""private information"", that the british were about to enter the ecuadorian embassy to take assange."	"earlier in the day, he had asserted on his blog, based on leaked alleged plans, and ""private information"", that the british were about to enter the ecuadorian embassy to take assange."
salvador's historical and cultural aspects were inherited by the miscigenation of such ethnic groups as native-indian, african, european and jewish.	salvador's historical and cultural aspects were inherited by the intermarriage of such ethnic groups as native-indian, african, european and jewish.
tracey ullman, actress and comedienne	tracey ullman, actress and comedian
uncircumcised penis.	non-circumcised penis.
they changed the name to constitution party in 1999. the party pursues a radical right wing agenda, holding that united states law is based on biblical law and urging the abolition of the federal income tax.	they changed the name to constitution party in 1999. the party pursues a right wing agenda, holding that united states law is based on biblical law and urging the abolition of the federal income tax.
"the discontinuity between no man's sky expectations and its initially-released product are considered a milestone in video game promotion, with many sources considering how to properly promote a game in a ""post no man's sky world""."	"the discontinuity between no man's sky expectations and its initially-released product are considered a turning point in video game promotion, with many sources considering how to properly promote a game in a ""post no man's sky world""."
the trks or the kk trks (old turkic: 10px10px10px10px 10px10px10px ), also known as ashina/aina turks and sometimes as its anatolian turkish corruption gktrks (celestial/blue turks), were a nomadic confederation of turkic peoples in medieval inner asia.	the trks or the kk trks (old turkic: 10px10px10px10px 10px10px10px ), also known as ashina/aina turks and sometimes as its anatolian turkish version gktrks (celestial/blue turks), were a nomadic confederation of turkic peoples in medieval inner asia.
in october 2004 cain's ministry came to a screeching halt when it was revealed by some of his ministry associates that he was an alcoholic and a practicing homosexual.	in october 2004 cain's ministry came to a halt when it was revealed by some of his ministry associates that he was an alcoholic and a practicing homosexual.
reilly asserts that at least 80% of sunni muslims have blatantly adopted the ash'arite school of thought.	reilly asserts that at least 80% of sunni muslims have adopted the ash'arite school of thought.
jane alexander (born october 28, 1939) is an award-winning american actress, author, and former director of the national endowment for the arts.	jane alexander (born october 28, 1939) is an american actress, author, and former director of the national endowment for the arts.
there have been very active movements fighting for its preservation in the face of demands for land.	there have been active movements fighting for its preservation in the face of demands for land.
john l. selfridge made an intriguing conjecture.	john l. selfridge made an conjecture.
in 1930 she married william t. gossett, a distinguished lawyer who later served as the president of the american bar association (1968-9) as well as vice president and general counsel of the ford motor company.	in 1930 she married william t. gossett, a lawyer who later served as the president of the american bar association (1968-9) as well as vice president and general counsel of the ford motor company.
one of williams's best-known works, the play won the pulitzer prize for drama in 1955, has been frequently revived, and was adapted into an acclaimed motion picture in 1958.	one of williams's best-known works, the play won the pulitzer prize for drama in 1955, has been frequently revived, and was adapted into an motion picture in 1958.
the editors produce regular 'media alerts' whose purpose is to expose what they consider to be serious examples of bias, omission or deception in the british mainstream media, with an emphasis on media outlets legally obliged to be impartial (the bbc and channel 4 news) or considered liberal like the guardian and the independent.	the editors produce regular 'media alerts' whose intention is to expose what they consider to be serious examples of bias, omission or deception in the british mainstream media, with an emphasis on media outlets legally obliged to be impartial (the bbc and channel 4 news) or considered liberal like the guardian and the independent.
the biblical character javan (hebrew , standard hebrew yavan, tiberian hebrew ywn) was the fourth son of noah's first son japheth.	the biblical character javan (hebrew , standard hebrew yavan, tiberian hebrew ywn) was the fourth son of noah's son japheth.
on gun control , the democratic party has introduced various gun control measures over the last 100 years.	on gun politics , the democratic party has introduced various gun control measures over the last 100 years.
in 2012, sarkeesian was targeted by an online harassment campaign following her launch of a kickstarter project to fund the tropes vs. women in video games series.	in 2012, sarkeesian was targeted by an online opposition campaign following her launch of a kickstarter project to fund the tropes vs. women in video games series.
due to its fascinating beauty, the hill has inspired many writers to compose songs and poems about it.	due to its beauty, the hill has inspired many writers to compose songs and poems about it.
it was never completed, and what remains of it have been sadly mutilated.	it was never completed, and what remains of it have been mutilated.
rodrigo santoro as king xerxes, great king of persia.	rodrigo santoro as king xerxes, achaemenid king of persia.
"in former times it was also called the heiliger hain (""holy copse""), although it is not recorded whether it had been a cultic site or christian shrine."	"in former times it was also called the heiliger hain (""holy copse""), although it is not recorded whether it had been a heathen site or christian shrine."
"he then starred in and produced the action-thriller the sentinel in 2006. during that time, he also guest-appeared on the episode, ""fatal attraction"", of the popular television sitcom will and grace, as a gay cop attracted to will truman (eric mccormack); the performance earned douglas an emmy award nomination for outstanding guest actor in a comedy show."	"he then starred in and produced the action-thriller the sentinel in 2006. during that time, he also guest-appeared on the episode, ""fatal attraction"", of the television sitcom will and grace, as a gay cop attracted to will truman (eric mccormack); the performance earned douglas an emmy award nomination for outstanding guest actor in a comedy show."
afc ajax has won the most titles, 29. psv eindhoven is next with 21, and feyenoord follows with 14. since 1965, these three giants have won all except for one title (the 1980/81 title went to az '67).	afc ajax has won the most titles, 29. psv eindhoven is next with 21, and feyenoord follows with 14. since 1965, these three clubs have won all except for one title (the 1980/81 title went to az '67).
his populist portrayal of jews as subhuman and evil is widely considered to have played a critical role in the dehumanization and marginalization of the jewish minority in the eyes of common germans creating the necessary conditions for the later perpetration of the holocaust.	his portrayal of jews as subhuman and evil is widely considered to have played a critical role in the dehumanization and marginalization of the jewish minority in the eyes of common germans creating the necessary conditions for the later perpetration of the holocaust.
in the year 2525 gave zager and evans this dubious status twice.	in the year 2525 gave zager and evans this status twice.
following the arab defeat in 1967, jordan became a hotbed of palestinian resistance .	following the arab defeat in 1967, jordan became a hotbed of palestinian activity .
for an example of faith, dawkins takes the infallible doctrine of the assumption, which pope pius xii declared in 1950 simply by relying upon tradition.	for an example of faith, dawkins takes the infallible doctrine of the assumption, which pope pius xii declared in 1950 by relying upon tradition.
the town's most famous landmark is a ballistic missile incongruously erected in the center of the village green.	the town's most famous landmark is a ballistic missile erected in the center of the village green.
the late late show was passed to another stalwart presenter, frank hall.	the late late show was passed to another presenter, frank hall.
the move was not without controversy, as many riders objected to armed officers patrolling the system.	the move was not without controversy, as some riders objected to armed officers patrolling the system.
she died after receiving viaticum, and her legend holds that at the moment of her passing the bells of the monastery of hackness tolled.	she died after receiving viaticum, and her legend holds that at the moment of her death the bells of the monastery of hackness tolled.
several portraits of fisher exist, the best being by hans holbein the younger in the royal collection; and a few secondary relics are extant.	several portraits of fisher exist, the most prominent being by hans holbein the younger in the royal collection; and a few secondary relics are extant.
physorg is a popular science, research and technology news website specializing in the hard science subjects of physics, space and earth science, biology, chemistry, electronics, nanotechnology and technology in general.	physorg is a science, research and technology news website specializing in the hard science subjects of physics, space and earth science, biology, chemistry, electronics, nanotechnology and technology in general.
helped by a military reinforcement sent by his uncle, in 20 january 1567, he imposed final defeat on the french forces and definitely expelled them from brazil, but unfortunately died a month later from wounds inflicted in the battle.	helped by a military reinforcement sent by his uncle, in 20 january 1567, he imposed final defeat on the french forces and definitely expelled them from brazil, but died a month later from wounds inflicted in the battle.
kevin norwood bacon (born july 8, 1958) is an american actor and musician whose notable films include footloose (1984), jfk (1991), a few good men (1992), apollo 13 (1995) and mystic river (2003).	kevin norwood bacon (born july 8, 1958) is an american actor and musician whose films include footloose (1984), jfk (1991), a few good men (1992), apollo 13 (1995) and mystic river (2003).
as a proponent of arap moi's administration, merali also sympathizes with iran's nuclear weapon program and believes that it should have the freedom to expand its uranium enrichment capabilities.	as a proponent of arap moi's administration, merali also sympathizes with iran's nuclear program and believes that it should have the freedom to expand its uranium enrichment capabilities.
"it alleged that most of the authors of the report were members of ""the forum of inquilabi leftists"" (also known as ""forum of indian leftists"") and were associated with violent and revolutionary organizations and opinions."	"it stated that most of the authors of the report were members of ""the forum of inquilabi leftists"" (also known as ""forum of indian leftists"") and were associated with violent and revolutionary organizations and opinions."
"a crater lake called ""karagl"" (meaning ""black lake"" in turkish) is found at the summit, as well as amenities for visitors, and it commands an impressive view of the gulf of zmir from the northeast."	"a crater lake called ""karagl"" (meaning ""black lake"" in turkish) is found at the summit, as well as amenities for visitors, and it commands an expansive view of the gulf of zmir from the northeast."
she once again patrolled against aggression to british fishing trawlers by icelandic gunboats and other vessels.	she once again patrolled against harrassment to british fishing trawlers by icelandic gunboats and other vessels.
"disturbed is an american hard rock band from chicago, illinois, formed in 1996 when musicians dan donegan, steve ""fuzz"" kmak, and mike wengren hired singer david draiman."	"disturbed is an american rock band from chicago, illinois, formed in 1996 when musicians dan donegan, steve ""fuzz"" kmak, and mike wengren hired singer david draiman."
sof's editorials often take positions on controversial topics in the united states military such as the pow-mias in vietnam, gender integration in the armed services, budget cuts and new weapons systems, cultural changes in the military, and gun control .	sof's editorials often take positions on controversial topics in the united states military such as the pow-mias in vietnam, gender integration in the armed services, budget cuts and new weapons systems, cultural changes in the military, and gun politics .
new canaan nature center features many excellent nature programs throughout the year, including the fall fair every october, and maple sugaring celebrations in early spring.	new canaan nature center features many nature programs throughout the year, including the fall fair every october, and maple sugaring celebrations in early spring.
on 2 april 1672, mata'pang and hirao killed san vitores and his visayan assistant, st. pedro calungsod.	on 2 april 1672, mata'pang and hirao killed san vitores and his visayan assistant, pedro calungsod.
"after the judge's family was slaughtered , turner posted a photo on his website of judge lefkow with the headline ""gotcha!"	"after the judge's family was murdered , turner posted a photo on his website of judge lefkow with the headline ""gotcha!"
"in the introduction, editor stphane courtois states that ""...communist regimes...turned mass crime into a full-blown system of government""."	"in the introduction, editor stphane courtois asserts that ""...communist regimes...turned mass crime into a full-blown system of government""."
with the notable exception of kuby, liberals have been phased out; from noon until 10 p.m. is a non-stop stretch of strident conversative talk radio, with the hosts often explicitly echoing each others' viewpoints.	with the notable exception of kuby, liberals have been phased out; from noon until 10 p.m. is a non-stop stretch of conversative talk radio, with the hosts often explicitly echoing each others' viewpoints.
"popular actor danny masterson, best known for his role as stephen hyde in that '70s show, also works as a professional dj under the moniker ""donkey punch""."	"actor danny masterson, best known for his role as stephen hyde in that '70s show, also works as a professional dj under the moniker ""donkey punch""."
"in an article published by renew america, a conservative website which defines itself as a ""grassroots organization that supports the declarationist ideals of alan keyes"", former us border patrol supervisor david stoddard asserts that the whole u.s.-mexico border could be sealed with as few as 100 helicopters equipped with flir (forward looking infrared) scopes, and a few hundred men equipped with state of the art sensors, scopes and other electronics."	"in an article published by renew america, a website which defines itself as a ""grassroots organization that supports the declarationist ideals of alan keyes"", former us border patrol supervisor david stoddard asserts that the whole u.s.-mexico border could be sealed with as few as 100 helicopters equipped with flir (forward looking infrared) scopes, and a few hundred men equipped with state of the art sensors, scopes and other electronics."
harmon was the third consecutive winner to never be in the bottom two or three, and the eighth white male winner in nine years.	harmon was the third consecutive winner to never be in the bottom two or three, and the eighth male winner in nine years.
although ranking only 14th, it became the most successful icelandic entry since the eurovision song contest 2003 where iceland placed 8th.	although ranking 14th, it became the most successful icelandic entry since the eurovision song contest 2003 where iceland placed 8th.
pre-release reception was very positive after the game's reveal.	pre-release reception was positive after the game's reveal.
noted comedienne zasu pitts was originally cast as paul's mother and completed the film but preview audiences, used to seeing her in comic roles, laughed when she appeared onscreen so milestone re-shot her scenes with beryl mercer before the film was released.	noted comedian zasu pitts was originally cast as paul's mother and completed the film but preview audiences, used to seeing her in comic roles, laughed when she appeared onscreen so milestone re-shot her scenes with beryl mercer before the film was released.
zoe washburne ( maiden name alleyne) was played by gina torres.	zoe washburne ( birth name alleyne) was played by gina torres.
revenge of the wannabes recommended	revenge of the wannabes
although techno-progressivism is the stance which contrasts with bioconservatism in the biopolitical spectrum, both techno-progressivism and bioconservatism, in their more reasonable expressions, share an opposition to unsafe, unfair, undemocratic forms of technological development, and both recognize that such developmental modes can facilitate unacceptable recklessness and exploitation, exacerbate injustice and incubate dangerous social discontent.	although techno-progressivism is the stance which contrasts with bioconservatism in the biopolitical spectrum, both techno-progressivism and bioconservatism, in their more moderate expressions, share an opposition to unsafe, unfair, undemocratic forms of technological development, and both recognize that such developmental modes can facilitate unacceptable recklessness and exploitation, exacerbate injustice and incubate dangerous social discontent.
gone with the wine is dedicated to all that is compelling in the fascinating world of wine.	gone with the wine is dedicated to all that is compelling in the world of wine.
the obvious counter-argument to this is that omniscience (knowing all) includes knowing everything that will happen in the future, including the outcome of man's decisions before man makes them.	the rationalist counter-argument to this is that omniscience (knowing all) includes knowing everything that will happen in the future, including the outcome of man's decisions before man makes them.
he lectured throughout the united states, europe and asia for thirty-four years, until his passing in 1940. he founded four centers still thriving today, two in the united states and two in calcutta, india.	he lectured throughout the united states, europe and asia for thirty-four years, until his death in 1940. he founded four centers still thriving today, two in the united states and two in calcutta, india.
andre had been booked in advance to promote his new album, when burley interrogated him about price, reid and his children.	andre had been booked in advance to promote his new album, when burley questioned him about price, reid and his children.
after nearly nine months of work, the magnificent re-creation of guy was put on display at the natural history museum in november 1982. years later, guy was taken out of public display and moved into the scientific study collections.	after nearly nine months of work, the re-creation of guy was put on display at the natural history museum in november 1982. years later, guy was taken out of public display and moved into the scientific study collections.
medtronic is one of the world's leading medical technology companies.	medtronic is one of the world's biggest medical technology companies.
the album performed similarily well on the irish albums chart, debuting at number two behind eminem's new longplayer .	the album performed similarily well on the irish albums chart, debuting at number two behind eminem's new album .
10 september 1933) became a icon in the injustice that led to the selma to montgomery marches in the american civil rights movement as a corporal in the alabama state police.	10 september 1933) became a icon in the conflict that led to the selma to montgomery marches in the american civil rights movement as a corporal in the alabama state police.
it is notable in that lovecraft uses the technique of referring to a text (in this case real life works by petronius and catullus) without giving a full explanation of its contents, so as to give the illusion of depth and hidden layers to his work.	it is notable in that lovecraft uses the technique of referring to a text (in this case real life works by petronius and catullus) without giving a full explanation of its contents, so as to give the impression of depth and hidden layers to his work.
in legal usage, quid pro quo indicates that an item or a favor has been traded in return for something of value, usually when the propriety or equity of the transaction is in question.	in legal usage, quid pro quo indicates that an item or a service has been traded in return for something of value, usually when the propriety or equity of the transaction is in question.
one of the main reasons for the theories was due to the shape of the airport, which resembles a nazi swastika or the symbol of the process church (see satellite map via google maps).	one of the reasons for the theories was due to the shape of the airport, which resembles a nazi swastika or the symbol of the process church (see satellite map via google maps).
as secretary of health in fabius government, he was found guilty on march 03 1999 by the court of justice of the republic in the case of the contaminated blood but unusually dispensed from any punishment.	as secretary of health in fabius government, he was found guilty on march 03 1999 by the court of justice of the republic in the case of the contaminated blood but has been dispensed from any punishment.
mtv's hit series the real world: san francisco was characterized by the presence of the repulsive yet compelling bike messenger puck.	mtv's hit series the real world: san francisco was characterized by the presence of what some described as repulsive yet compelling bike messenger puck.
like most americans between the 19th and mid-20th century, many mormons held racist views, and exclusion from priesthood was not the only discrimination practiced toward black people.	like most americans between the 19th and mid-20th century, some mormons held racist views, and exclusion from priesthood was not the only discrimination practiced toward black people.
"david anthony (2007), in his ""revised steppe hypothesis"" notes that the spread of the indo-european languages probably did not happen through ""chain-type folk migrations,"" but by the introduction of these languages by ritual and political elites, which were emulated by large groups of people, a process which he calls ""elite recruitment""."	"david anthony (2007), in his ""revised steppe hypothesis"" claims despite the genetic evidence that the spread of the indo-european languages probably did not happen through ""chain-type folk migrations,"" but by the introduction of these languages by ritual and political elites, which were emulated by large groups of people, a process which he calls ""elite recruitment""."
unfortunately with a a number of players leaving the squad at the start of the 2007 season, north geelong struggled throughout the season and were subject to relegation.	with a a number of players leaving the squad at the start of the 2007 season, north geelong struggled throughout the season and were subject to relegation.
catholic doctrine prohibits abortion in most circumstances, putting it in conflict with the modern pro-choice movement.	catholic doctrine prohibits abortion in most circumstances, putting it in conflict with the pro-choice movement.
prime minister putin has stated that bulava could penetrate any potential anti-missile defence system.	prime minister putin has claimed that bulava could penetrate any potential anti-missile defence system.
in season 14, chmerkovskiy was partnered with comedienne /talk show host sherri shepherd.	in season 14, chmerkovskiy was partnered with comedian /talk show host sherri shepherd.
"among the advocates of such a possibility, jerry fodor is surely the most notorious (for a defense of this view see his 1987 book ""psychosemantics"")."	"among the advocates of such a possibility, jerry fodor is surely the most famous (for a defense of this view see his 1987 book ""psychosemantics"")."
sadly he died aged 54. fulham fc were desperately short of money in 1996 and in the lowest league.	he died aged 54. fulham fc were desperately short of money in 1996 and in the lowest league.
she has also been given the nickname 'lemon face' by some cynics .	she has also been given the nickname 'lemon face' by some.
refinements to the user interface	changes to the user interface
(this same argument is sometimes used in reverse, against the theory that deaconesses received sacramental ordination.)	(this same argument is sometimes used in reverse, against the historical possibility that deaconesses received sacramental ordination.)
a rating of 0.5 megawatt for 30 seconds would not be unusual to protect the winding of a 660mw generator.	a rating of 0.5 megawatt for 30 seconds would not be unusual to protect the winding of a 660 mw generator.
woman was very well received by critics, with many comparing the album's sound to the seminal artist sade.	woman was very well received by critics, with many comparing the album's sound to the artist sade.
arbour, who had retired in 1986, came back to finish out the 1988-89 debacle , and the islanders rebounded to get back in the playoffs in 1990, but bryan trottier left as a free agent for the pittsburgh penguins in the off-season.	arbour, who had retired in 1986, came back to finish out the 1988-89 season , and the islanders rebounded to get back in the playoffs in 1990, but bryan trottier left as a free agent for the pittsburgh penguins in the off-season.
on the other hand, some critics assume that parallel importation is a way out.	on the other hand, some critics say that parallel importation is a way out.
drudge's politics are unabashedly conservative, and he often selects as the lead story of his website articles that promote the anti-abortion stance, praise prominent conservatives, or criticize prominent liberals; this has led some critics to call him a mouthpiece of the conservative establishment in the united states.	drudge's politics are often considered to be very conservative, and he often selects as the lead story of his website articles that promote the anti-abortion stance, praise prominent conservatives, or criticize prominent liberals; this has led some critics to call him a mouthpiece of the conservative establishment in the united states.
"unfortunately , homosexuality, while relatively innocuous among celebrities in japan, is still considered an oddity for an allegedly ""average"" male or female, due to japan's very regimented and conservative social structure."	"however , homosexuality, while relatively innocuous among celebrities in japan, is still considered an oddity for an allegedly ""average"" male or female, due to japan's very regimented and conservative social structure."
in the film, however, he commands the famous 1/13 frontier force battalion (coke's rifles), which at that time of filming was part of the 7th (golden arrow) division of the pakistan army.	in the film, however, he commands the 1/13 frontier force battalion (coke's rifles), which at that time of filming was part of the 7th (golden arrow) division of the pakistan army.
"citing the concerns of her tennessee constituents, blackburn's main question to gore was simply : ""the legislation that we are discussing here today, is that something that you are going to personally benefit from?"	"citing the concerns of her tennessee constituents, blackburn's main question to gore was the following : ""the legislation that we are discussing here today, is that something that you are going to personally benefit from?"
this technique is based on the observation that rare spontaneous errors in dna replication cause the mutations that drive molecular evolution, and that the accumulation of these minor differences could be used to measure time, if the dna error rate could be calibrated.	this technique is based on the observation that rare spontaneous errors in dna replication cause the mutations that drive molecular evolution, and that the accumulation of evolutionarily neutral minor differences could be used to measure time, if the dna error rate could be calibrated.
in 1949, trans-jordan officially changed its name to jordan; in 1950, it annexed the west bank of the jordan river, and brought palestinian representation into the government.	in 1949, transjordan officially changed its name to jordan; in 1950, it annexed the west bank of the jordan river, and brought palestinian representation into the government.
after many years of rumours about a relationship with her female manager, fox admitted in her autobiography, published in 2003, that she was gay, and that the rumours were true.	after many years of rumours about a relationship with her female manager, fox confirmed in her autobiography, published in 2003, that she was gay, and that the rumours were true.
thankfully in may 2007, loopz revealed that the issues had been resolved and orbital would indeed release the 2 cd/dvd compilation orbital: live at glastonbury 1994-2004 later in the year.	in may 2007, loopz revealed that the issues had been resolved and orbital would indeed release the 2 cd/dvd compilation orbital: live at glastonbury 1994-2004 later in the year.
today rancic is a co-host of the struggling daytime tv talk show, in the loop with ivillage.	today rancic is a co-host of the daytime tv talk show, in the loop with ivillage.
the impact of his his ideas can be traced in many of the arts throughout the twentieth century.	the impact of his ideas can be traced in many of the arts throughout the twentieth century.
tommasi was buried in rose hills memorial park in whittier, california beneath a simple bronze plaque depicting a mountain landscape and a christian cross.	tommasi was buried in rose hills memorial park in whittier, california beneath a bronze plaque depicting a mountain landscape and a christian cross.
theodore kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american revolutionary infamous for his campaign of mail bombings that killed three and wounded 23. he sent bombs to several universities and airlines from the late 1970s through early 1990s.	theodore kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american anarchist infamous for his campaign of mail bombings that killed three and wounded 23. he sent bombs to several universities and airlines from the late 1970s through early 1990s.
determined to leave no stone unturned, police also examined hundreds of reports from so-called psychics and clairvoyants claiming to know the location of madeleine.	determined to leave no stone unturned, police also examined hundreds of reports from psychics and clairvoyants claiming to know the location of madeleine.
revenue from online purchases go directly toward accomplishing our mission.	revenue from online purchases go directly toward accomplishing this mission.
over the years, there have been music releases that did not feature in the series, but are related to doctor who, ranging from novelty spoofs to loving tributes to the series.	over the years, there have been music releases that did not feature in the series, but are related to doctor who, ranging from novelty spoofs to tributes to the series.
in 1961, a car accident left brignetti paralyzed.	in 1961, a car crash left brignetti paralyzed.
"he also claimed that he was never part of the so called ""anti-maidan."	"he also added that he was never part of the so called ""anti-maidan."
some limited controversy occured in france concerning alleged religious discrimination regarding the security measures that the french government has deployed for official visits of chinese officials and for festivities organised in collaboration with china, including the exclusion of pro-tibet and pro-falun gong protesters from the path of the chinese officials .	some controversy occured in france concerning alleged religious discrimination regarding the security measures that the french government has deployed for official visits of chinese officials and for festivities organised in collaboration with china, including the exclusion of pro-tibet and pro-falun gong protesters from the path of the chinese officials .
according to the assumptions of the turkologists peter golden and andrs rna-tas, the term turk is rooted in the east iranian saka language.	according to the assumptions of the turkologists peter golden and andrs rna-tas, the term turk could be rooted in the east iranian saka language.
some viewers criticize it as having a conservative political bias; supporters note that it produces objective reporting and is more balanced than allegedly liberal united states media.	some viewers criticize it as having a conservative political bias; supporters claim that it produces objective reporting and is more balanced than allegedly liberal united states media.
he spent two seasons with the braves hitting 64 home runs and knocking in 216 rbi including 132 in 2003. after two great seasons with the braves, he became a free agent for the first time in his career on october 27, 2003.	he spent two seasons with the braves hitting 64 home runs and knocking in 216 rbi including 132 in 2003. after two seasons with the braves, he became a free agent for the first time in his career on october 27, 2003.
man-made music may echo these phenomena using patterns, repetition and tonality.	human music may echo these phenomena using patterns, repetition and tonality.
more recently, the cps has focused on the area of social policy, for example price of parenthood'' (jill kirby, 2005), a study which showed how the state both penalizes marriage and subsidises family breakup.	more recently, the cps has focused on the area of social policy, for example price of parenthood'' (jill kirby, 2005), a study which claimed to show how the state both penalizes marriage and subsidises family breakup.
the kalashnikov ak-200 is the newest production derivative of the legendary soviet / russian ak-47 series of assault rifles and is proposed for general issue to russias armed forces.	the kalashnikov ak-200 is the newest production derivative of the soviet / russian ak-47 series of assault rifles and is proposed for general issue to russias armed forces.
in carrying out his work, mann met with bitter opposition by some boston schoolmasters who strongly disapproved of his innovative pedagogical ideas, and by various religious sectarians, who contended against the exclusion of all sectarian instruction from the schools.	in carrying out his work, mann met with bitter opposition by some boston schoolmasters who strongly disapproved of his pedagogical ideas, and by various religious sectarians, who contended against the exclusion of all sectarian instruction from the schools.
he is the first person in the line of succession not to hold the style of royal highness.	he is the first person in the line of succession not to use the style of royal highness.
22 november 1940 in hinckley, leicestershire, england, is a virtuoso guitarist who is credited with sparking the folk-rock revolution in the uk in the 1960s.	22 november 1940 in hinckley, leicestershire, england, is a guitarist who is credited with sparking the folk-rock revolution in the uk in the 1960s.
"however, more recent genetic research confirms the ""khazar hypothesis,"" according to which eastern european jews are descendants of khazar people of the caucasus and the volga valley, who had converted to judaism and later migrated westward."	"however, more recent genetic research supports the ""khazar hypothesis,"" according to which eastern european jews are descendants of khazar people of the caucasus and the volga valley, who had converted to judaism and later migrated westward."
in 1999 she led an abortive campaign to raise $400,000 with which to repurchase the black house, where many of the church's notorious rites had been performed.	in 1999 she led an unsuccessful campaign to raise $400,000 with which to repurchase the black house, where many of the church's notorious rites had been performed.
image: johnmpalmer .png|senator john m. palmer of illinois	image: john.m.palmer.1896 .png|senator john m. palmer of illinois
peillon was again elected as member of the european parliament in the 2014 elections; he and his socialist colleagues gathered only 14% of the votes.	peillon was again elected as member of the european parliament in the 2014 elections; he and his socialist colleagues gathered 14% of the votes.
george corley wallace jr. (august 25, 1919 – september 13, 1998), was a united states politician who was elected governor of alabama as a democrat for four terms (1963-1967, 1971-1979 and 1983-1987) and ran for u.s. president four times, running as a democrat in 1964, 1972, and 1976, and as the american independent party candidate in 1968. he is best known for his pro-segregation attitudes and as a symbol of bigotry during the american desegregation period, which he modified after the passage of the 1964 civil rights act by arguing that it was better that he be governor while the schools were being desegregated than for someone else to be in authority.	george corley wallace jr. (august 25, 1919 – september 13, 1998), was a united states politician who was elected governor of alabama as a democrat for four terms (1963-1967, 1971-1979 and 1983-1987) and ran for u.s. president four times, running as a democrat in 1964, 1972, and 1976, and as the american independent party candidate in 1968. he is best known for his pro-segregation attitudes and as a symbol of state's rights during the american desegregation period, which he modified after the passage of the 1964 civil rights act by arguing that it was better that he be governor while the schools were being desegregated than for someone else to be in authority.
the hypothesis of asia as the place of origin of macrohaplogroup m is strongly supported by recent studies from rajkumar et al.	the hypothesis of asia as the place of origin of macrohaplogroup m is supported by recent studies from rajkumar et al.
mischa maisky (; born january 10, 1948 in riga, latvian ssr) is a celebrated cellist.	mischa maisky (; born january 10, 1948 in riga, latvian ssr) is a russian cellist.
on july 3, 2000, said was videotaped lobbing a symbolic rock towards an israeli watchtower on the israeli-lebanese border.	on july 3, 2000, said was videotaped lobbing a rock towards an israeli watchtower on the israeli-lebanese border.
since then, many other investigators have added to the knowledge and uses of this fascinating reaction.	since then, many other investigators have added to the knowledge and uses of this very unusual reaction.
it (pronoun), a third-person neutral pronoun in english.	it (pronoun), a third-person neuter pronoun in english.
"as an astronomer he gained the reputation of ""the founder of lunar topography""."	"as a polish astronomer he gained the reputation of ""the founder of lunar topography""."
the cult rented a 9,200-sq.-ft. mansion in a gated community of upscale homes in the san diego-area community of rancho santa fe, california from sam koutchesfahani, paying $7,000 per month in cash.	the group rented a 9,200-sq.-ft. mansion in a gated community of upscale homes in the san diego-area community of rancho santa fe, california from sam koutchesfahani, paying $7,000 per month in cash.
the pilot movie was made from a screenplay by television veterans hans beimler and robert hewitt wolfe, and based on butcher's novel storm front.	the pilot movie was made from a screenplay by television hans beimler and robert hewitt wolfe, and based on butcher's novel storm front.
other more esoteric phenomenon also result in elevated voltages on normally non-energized surfaces, but are incorrectly referred to as stray voltage.	other more esoteric phenomenon also result in elevated voltages on normally non-energized surfaces, but are also referred to as stray voltage.
subsequent to the staff consolidation of 1982, the afternoon journal maintained a center-right editorial stance, while the editorials and op-eds in the morning constitution were reliably liberal.	subsequent to the staff consolidation of 1982, the afternoon journal maintained a center-right editorial stance, while the editorials and op-eds in the morning constitution were liberal.
view of the spectatular trestle bridge located on the down end of the station	view of the trestle bridge located on the down end of the station
william of norwich (c. 1132 - march 22, 1144) was an english boy whose death was wrongly attributed to the jewish community of norwich.	william of norwich (c. 1132 - march 22, 1144) was an english boy whose death was , at the time, attributed to the jewish community of norwich.
vdare rejects this criticism, claiming instead to be agnostic on all issues save immigration reduction.	vdare rejects this criticism, claiming instead to be neutral on all issues save immigration reduction.
in 2007 the creators of the show estimated their current viewer base to be well over three million.	in 2007 the creators of the show estimated their current viewer base to be over three million.
he scored his first goal at ibrox stadium with a great back post header against ajax in a friendly.	he scored his first goal at ibrox stadium with a back post header against ajax in a friendly.
network neutrality violations are used for censorship of political, moral or religious material around the world.	network neutrality violations are used for censorship of political, immoral or religious material around the world.
she also has a lovely goldendoodle, cooper.	she also has a goldendoodle , cooper.
the myth features in a number of abrahamic religions including judaism, christianity and islam.	the story features in a number of abrahamic religions including judaism, christianity and islam.
the hardship the 'universal benefits' scheme has already caused in the uk has been highlighted in this reliable daily mail article of 17th april 2012 < it shows that paupers foodbanks are being opened up across the uk at a rate of 1 every week, and that 1 in 5 families are being forced to borrow money to purchase groceries - even those who are in paid employment.	the hardship the 'universal benefits' scheme has already caused in the uk has been highlighted in this daily mail article of 17th april 2012 < it shows that paupers foodbanks are being opened up across the uk at a rate of 1 every week, and that 1 in 5 families are being forced to borrow money to purchase groceries - even those who are in paid employment.
then he won another brilliancy against bernstein in moscow, and defeated nimzowitsch in an elegant opposite-colored bishop endgame.	then he won another game against bernstein in moscow, and defeated nimzowitsch in an elegant opposite-colored bishop endgame.
beverly macca, comedienne and national tv and social media personality.	beverly macca, comedian and national tv and social media personality.
the most important new development in flash is its increasing use in providing the presentation layer in handheld devices.	the important new development in flash is its increasing use in providing the presentation layer in handheld devices.
harrell was born in new york city of musician parents; his father was the distinguished baritone mack harrell and his mother, marjorie fulton, was a violinist.	harrell was born in new york city of musician parents; his father was the baritone mack harrell and his mother, marjorie fulton, was a violinist.
in spite of britannic being the biggest ship lost during the first world war, her sinking was not as tragic in terms of loss of human life as were the sinking of and cunard's , or many ships lost during the first world war.	in spite of britannic being the biggest ship lost during the first world war, her sinking was not as costly in terms of loss of human life as were the sinking of and cunard's , or many ships lost during the first world war.
she was featured as a comedienne in nydia caro's television show as dagmarita, los kakucmicos, and from 1985 to 1991, she starred alongside lou briel in two television shows.	she was featured as a comedian in nydia caro's television show as dagmarita, los kakucmicos, and from 1985 to 1991, she starred alongside lou briel in two television shows.
unfortunately they lost their manager (badly injured in a rare playing appearance) and several players for the 200910 season.	however, they lost their manager (badly injured in a rare playing appearance) and several players for the 200910 season.
there is a living east african shetani cult.	there is a contemporary east african shetani cult.
inglewood was the centre of the inglewood shire, until the recent forced council amalgamations caused it to be merged with wagamba shire and goondiwindi city councils to become part of the goondiwindi regional council.	inglewood was the centre of the inglewood shire, until the recent council amalgamations caused it to be merged with wagamba shire and goondiwindi city councils to become part of the goondiwindi regional council.
in 2002, under strong pressure from the eu the parliament finally ended the disparate provisions and changed the age of consent to 17 for both hetero and homosexual acts.	in 2002, under pressure from the eu the parliament finally ended the disparate provisions and changed the age of consent to 17 for both hetero and homosexual acts.
rotten suffers from a horrible spine injury which has been kept him out of the ring and forced him to sit on a wheelchair.	rotten suffers from a spine injury which has been kept him out of the ring and forced him to sit on a wheelchair.
a march 2010 leak included the proposed text for this provision, and on april 20, 2010 the acta negotiators finally released an official version of the current draft treaty.	a march 2010 leak included the proposed text for this provision, and on april 20, 2010 the acta negotiators released an official version of the current draft treaty.
erik axel karlfeldt (july 20, 1864 – april 8, 1931) was a swedish poet whose highly symbolist poetry masquerading as regionalism was extremely popular and won him the nobel prize in literature posthumously in 1931; he had refused it in 1918.	erik axel karlfeldt (july 20, 1864 – april 8, 1931) was a swedish poet whose highly symbolist poetry masquerading as regionalism was popular and won him the nobel prize in literature posthumously in 1931; he had refused it in 1918.
it is the sequel to the successful 2007 game, uncharted: drake's fortune.	it is the sequel to the 2007 game, uncharted: drake's fortune.
in afghanistan alone , the akdn has mobilised over $400 million in development projects, a large portion of which has come from the network's own resources.	in afghanistan, the akdn has mobilised over $400 million in development projects, a large portion of which has come from the network's own resources.
vopli vidopliassova (also vv) is a popular ukrainian rock band.	vopli vidopliassova (also vv) is a ukrainian rock band.
islamofascism is a controversial neologism suggesting an association of the ideological or operational characteristics of certain modern islamist movements with european fascist movements of the early 20th century, neofascist movements, or totalitarianism.	islamofascism is a neologism suggesting an association of the ideological or operational characteristics of certain modern islamist movements with european fascist movements of the early 20th century, neofascist movements, or totalitarianism.
"prepending all reasoning on this subject with the words ""in general, we of course will never and for nothing disintegrate"", the american experts and bloggers, nonetheless, started discussing how precisely the usa will disintegrate."	"prepending all reasoning on this subject with the words ""in general, we of course will never and for nothing disintegrate"", the american experts and bloggers, nonetheless, started discussing how exactly the usa will disintegrate."
"the best of yankovic is a korean compilation album by ""weird al"" yankovic, interestingly released and pressed in only a vinyl format."	"the best of yankovic is a korean compilation album by ""weird al"" yankovic, released and pressed in only a vinyl format."
modalists correctly note that the only number ascribed to god in the holy bible is one and that there is no inherent threeness ascribed to god explicitly in scripture.	modalists note that the only number ascribed to god in the holy bible is one and that there is no inherent threeness ascribed to god explicitly in scripture.
though some universities are relaxed about what people wear under their gowns, it is nevertheless considered bad form to be in casual wear or the like during graduation, but a number of universities may bar graduands from joining the procession or the ceremony itself if not appropriately dressed (though this may often only refer to the academic dress and not what is worn beneath it, if unseen).	though some universities are relaxed about what people wear under their gowns, it is nevertheless considered bad form to be in casual wear or the like during graduation, but a number of universities may bar those from joining the procession or the ceremony itself if not appropriately dressed (though this may often only refer to the academic dress and not what is worn beneath it, if unseen).
he also played a funny role in the urban movie soul plane, acting as an african pilot.	he also played a comical role in the urban movie soul plane, acting as an african pilot.
in reality, rosenhan had sent no pseudopatients and all patients suspected as impostors by the hospital staff were genuine patients (unless they were other impostors unknown to the study, which seems quite unlikely).	in reality, rosenhan had sent no pseudopatients and all patients suspected as impostors by the hospital staff were genuine patients (unless they were other impostors unknown to the study, which seems unlikely).
it was a special on frontline.	rumsfeld's war was a special on frontline.
"saul friedlnder, professor of history and noted scholar of the nazi holocaust, won the prestigious prize for general nonfiction for his 2006 book, ""the years of extermination: nazi germany and the jews, 1939-1945,"" and professor emeritus daniel walker howe won for his 2007 book, ""what hath god wrought: the transformation of america, 1815-1848."""	"saul friedlnder, professor of history and noted scholar of the nazi holocaust, won the prize for general nonfiction for his 2006 book, ""the years of extermination: nazi germany and the jews, 1939-1945,"" and professor emeritus daniel walker howe won for his 2007 book, ""what hath god wrought: the transformation of america, 1815-1848."""
morden is a large town located in the pembina valley region of southern manitoba, canada.	morden is a town located in the pembina valley region of southern manitoba, canada.
daniel mackinnon (1791 - june 22, 1836) was a gallant scottish colonel of the coldstream guards who played an important part at the battle of waterloo.	daniel mackinnon (1791 - june 22, 1836) was a scottish colonel of the coldstream guards who played an important part at the battle of waterloo.
to date, o'sullivan has compiled 475 competitive centuries during his career, only trailing stephen hendry, who has made an incredible 703.	to date, o'sullivan has compiled 475 competitive centuries during his career, only trailing stephen hendry, who has made an record-setting 703.
felix was the first character from animation to attain a level of popularity sufficient to draw movie audiences based solely on his one-of-a-kind star power.	felix was the first character from animation to attain a level of popularity sufficient to draw movie audiences based solely on his star power.
ebenezer rockwood hoar (february 21, 1816 january 31, 1895) was an influential american politician, lawyer, and justice from massachusetts.	ebenezer rockwood hoar (february 21, 1816 january 31, 1895) was an american politician, lawyer, and justice from massachusetts.
jesus christ maintained the importance and sacredness of lifelong marriage in his own teachings.	jesus maintained the importance and sacredness of lifelong marriage in his own teachings.
after gaining a bachelor of science in economics degree from the prestigious wharton school of the university of pennsylvania, roxas worked as an investment banker in new york, mobilizing venture capital funds for small and medium enterprises.	after gaining a bachelor of science in economics degree from the wharton school of the university of pennsylvania, roxas worked as an investment banker in new york, mobilizing venture capital funds for small and medium enterprises.
before relocating to the west coast, walter was a major contributor to the chicago no-wave/noise/improvised music underground during the '90s and early 2000s.	before relocating to the west coast, walter was a contributor to the chicago no-wave/noise/improvised music underground during the '90s and early 2000s.
it featured baritone bryn terfel, soprano ying huang and tenor paul groves.	it was released as a double cd album, featuring baritone bryn terfel, soprano ying huang and tenor paul groves.
during his fifteen years with rangers, mccoist achieved an impressive array of honours, including ten league championship medals, a scottish cup medal, and nine league cup medals.	during his fifteen years with rangers, mccoist achieved an array of honours, including ten league championship medals, a scottish cup medal, and nine league cup medals.
these students, along with other staff and faculty members, claimed that lawn sprinklers were on continuously for several days and nights, presumably to inconvenience the protest.	these students, along with other staff and faculty members, stated that lawn sprinklers were on continuously for several days and nights, presumably to inconvenience the protest.
these reactions reflect widespread opinion that lawrence v. texas may ultimately be one of the supreme court's more notable decisions.	these reactions reflect widespread opinion that lawrence v. texas may ultimately be one of the supreme court's more influential decisions.
after the emperor aurelian defeated the palmyrans, firmus staged an uprising in alexandria in egypt, interrupting the corn supply on which rome depended.	after the emperor aurelian defeated the palmyrans, firmus staged an uprising in alexandria in egypt, interrupting the grain supply on which rome depended.
this article is about the prestigious institution of higher learning in the united states.	this article is about the institution of higher learning in the united states.
the books consist of hundreds of photos described as being personally taken by ching hai, many of them digitally manipulated to anthropomorphise the animals, and are interlaced with short poems written by her.	the books consist of hundreds of photos described as being personally taken by ching hai, many of them digitally altered to anthropomorphise the animals, and are interlaced with short poems written by her.
in the 19th century a legend began which falsely accuses him of having used his early knowledge of victory at the battle of waterloo to speculate on the stock exchange and make a vast fortune.	in the 19th century a legend began which accuses him of having used his early knowledge of victory at the battle of waterloo to speculate on the stock exchange and make a vast fortune.
"in march 2016, wargaming.net ceo viktor kislyi acknowledged again in an interview that world of warplanes had failed to meet expectations saying, ""...we can't call that a success."""	"in march 2016, wargaming.net ceo viktor kislyi acknowledged in an interview that world of warplanes had failed to meet expectations saying, ""...we can't call that a success."""
hinduism also uses idols to represent god the way christianity uses icons and paintings in churches, and is also widely accused of practicing idolatry for this reason.	hinduism also uses objects and images to represent god the way christianity uses icons and paintings in churches, and is also widely accused of practicing idolatry for this reason.
"schofield made some patronising remarks about the band's performance and les has said that he was ""severely hammered"" after drinking a crate of beer supplied by the farm."	"schofield made some remarks about the band's performance and les has said that he was ""severely hammered"" after drinking a crate of beer supplied by the farm."
noriega finally surrendered to the u.s. military on january 3, 1990. he was immediately put on a military transport plane and extradited to the united states.	noriega finally surrendered to the u.s. military on january 3, 1990. he was immediately put on a military transport plane and flown to the united states.
gaia, also known as the guardian of the universal amalgamator, is a fictional comic book superheroine in the marvel comics universe, possibly a mutant or extraterrestrial.	gaia, also known as the guardian of the universal amalgamator, is a fictional comic book superhero in the marvel comics universe, possibly a mutant or extraterrestrial.
navarro is well-known as a staunch critic of germany and china, and is a strong proponent of reducing u.s. trade deficits.	navarro is well-known as a critic of germany and china, and is a strong proponent of reducing u.s. trade deficits.
timebridge also offers phone and web conferencing options.	timebridge also includes phone and web conferencing options.
after three years as lead singer of the tourists, lennox achieved her greatest fame as the alto, soul-tinged lead singer of the 80s superduo eurythmics.	after three years as lead singer of the tourists, lennox achieved her greatest fame as the alto, soul-tinged lead singer of the 80s duo eurythmics.
cherikee red is a popular cherry flavored soda pop.	cherikee red is a brand of cherry flavored soda pop.
this thin stretch of land is divided between mauritania and morocco .	this thin stretch of land is divided between mauritania and western sahara .
he was a part of the terrorist group popular revolutionary vanguard (vanguarda popular revolucionria - vpr) and became, along with carlos marighella, one of the major elements of communist subversion in brazil.	he was a part of the revolutionary guerrilla group popular revolutionary vanguard (vanguarda popular revolucionria - vpr) and became, along with carlos marighella, one of the major elements of communist subversion in brazil.
"sinclair wrote ""don't mourn for us"", as essay with an anti-cure perspective on autism, and was featured in the book somebody somewhere by donna williams, which covers the eventful formation of ani."	"sinclair wrote ""don't mourn for us"", as essay with an anti-cure perspective on autism, and was featured in the book somebody somewhere by donna williams, which covers the formation of ani."
a unsubstanial number of studies show that thc provides medical benefits for cancer and aids patients by increasing appetite and decreasing nausea.	a number of studies show that thc provides medical benefits for cancer and aids patients by increasing appetite and decreasing nausea.
though the yuan dynasty was the only khanate to not accept islam, the mongol rulers of yuan dynasty elevated the status of muslims versus the chinese, and placed many foreign and non-han chinese muslims in high-ranking posts instead of native confucian scholars.	though the yuan dynasty was the only khanate to not convert to islam, the mongol rulers of yuan dynasty elevated the status of muslims versus the chinese, and placed many foreign and non-han chinese muslims in high-ranking posts instead of native confucian scholars.
the village is populated by aramean- syriacs.	the village is populated by syriacs.
by 731, the realm secure, charles began to prepare exclusively for the coming storm from the south and west.	by 731, the realm secure, charles began to prepare exclusively for the coming crises from the south and west.
malvinas islands (united kingdom, claimed by argentina)	falkland islands (united kingdom, claimed by argentina)
she was elected as a member of the belgian senate in 2007. on 8 february 2011, she told the wives of belgian politicians to ban sex until the country forms a government.	she was elected as a member of the belgian senate in 2007. on 8 february 2011, she told the spouses of belgian politicians to ban sex until the country forms a government.
good views of the birdlife can be had from carnsnew pool at hayle and from the area around lelant saltings railway station, although the official path is slightly inland on the a3074 road through lelant village, regaining the coast by crossing golf links to reach the last of the towans above porth kidney sands,	views of the birdlife can be had from carnsnew pool at hayle and from the area around lelant saltings railway station, although the official path is slightly inland on the a3074 road through lelant village, regaining the coast by crossing golf links to reach the last of the towans above porth kidney sands,
ettore g. ewen - current wwe superstar billed as big e. langston on the nxt brand and u.s.a. powerlifting champion	ettore g. ewen - current wwe athlete billed as big e. langston on the nxt brand and u.s.a. powerlifting champion
however, raab stood by his comments in a comment piece for the telegraph, highlighting the various sexist statements harman had made about men, contrasting them with similar comments about women by the likes of andy gray.	however, raab stood by his comments in a comment piece for the telegraph, highlighting the various statements harman had made about men, contrasting them with similar comments about women by the likes of andy gray.
he is a pioneer of the galactic habitable zone concept.	he is a proponent of the galactic habitable zone concept.
this term was first suggested in 1995 by anti-choice congressman charles t. canady, while developing the original proposed partial-birth abortion ban.<!--	this term was first suggested in 1995 by congressman charles t. canady, while developing the original proposed partial-birth abortion ban.<!--
he was succeeded by the pro-american archbishop of america athenagoras.	he was succeeded by the archbishop of america athenagoras .
"one might also say, however, that the oldest strategy for governing recalcitrant subjects—divide and conquer—was subtly at work."""	"one might also say, however, the oldest strategy for governing recalcitrant subjects—divide and conquer—was subtly at work."""
"a paper by lydiard h. horton, read in 1915 at a joint meeting of the american psychological association and the new york academy of sciences, called freud's dream theory ""dangerously inaccurate"" and noted that ""rank confabulations...appear to hold water, psychoanalytically"" ."	"a paper by lydiard h. horton, read in 1915 at a joint meeting of the american psychological association and the new york academy of sciences, called freud's dream theory ""dangerously inaccurate"" and said that ""rank confabulations...appear to hold water, psychoanalytically"" ."
he is well known for his overly aggressive and physical style of play.	he is well known for his aggressive and physical style of play.
nortel has since upgraded the architecture to use intel processors.	nortel has since changed the architecture to use intel processors.
he was born in 1943 and sadly passed away in 2003 from lung cancer in los angeles.	he was born in 1943 and passed away in 2003 from lung cancer in los angeles.
the box art of the us/euro release of streets of rage features the empire state building in the background, and in the round 2 of streets of rage 2, one can see the twin towers of the now sadly destroyed world trade center in the skyline.	the box art of the us/euro release of streets of rage features the empire state building in the background, and in the round 2 of streets of rage 2, one can see the twin towers of the now - destroyed world trade center in the skyline.
the blades aerobatic display team who are based at sywell also do a performance where they fly death defying stunts and amazing displays using diesel produced smoke.	the blades aerobatic display team who are based at sywell also do a performance where they fly death defying stunts and displays using diesel produced smoke.
iceland surprisingly reached its first major tournament, uefa euro 2016, after a qualification campaign which included home and away wins over the .	iceland reached its first major tournament, uefa euro 2016, after a qualification campaign which included home and away wins over the .
korean, japanese, and canadian archaeologists are also particularly fond of this highly useful tool.	korean, japanese, and canadian archaeologists are also particularly fond of this useful tool.
"the family suffered many tragedies , which contributed to the idea of the ""kennedy curse""."	"the family suffered many losses and incidents , which contributed to the idea of the ""kennedy curse""."
edgar allan poe dedicated his last great work, eureka: a prose poem, to von humboldt.	edgar allan poe dedicated his last major work, eureka: a prose poem, to von humboldt.
her mother died when she was only four years old.	her mother died when she was four years old.
of particular pride to pakistani nationalists is the damage aurangzeb inflicted upon the restless sikh community in particular his execution of guru teg bahadur who was the ninth of the ten gurus of sikhism.	of particular pride to pakistani nationalists is the damage aurangzeb inflicted upon the sikh community in particular his execution of guru teg bahadur who was the ninth of the ten gurus of sikhism.
the factory acts of 1833 and 1844 were some of the greatest humanitarian bills passed in parliament following the industrial revolution.	the factory acts of 1833 and 1844 were some of the most significant humanitarian bills passed in parliament following the industrial revolution.
only the united kingdom formally recognized the annexation of the west bank, de facto in the case of east jerusalem.	the united kingdom formally recognized the annexation of the west bank, de facto in the case of east jerusalem.
despite suffering heavy casualties they pressed their attack, forcing the defenders to surrender after charging the trench with fixed bayonets.	despite suffering casualties they pressed their attack, forcing the defenders to surrender after charging the trench with fixed bayonets.
veteran republican incumbent orrin hatch delivered a 40-point shellacking to his democratic opponent, attorney patrick shea.	veteran republican incumbent orrin hatch delivered a 40-point defeat to his democratic opponent, attorney patrick shea.
for having bravely resisted a military invasion in the 19th century by the imperial napoleonic armies, the city is now known as the unvanquished city (a cidade invicta).	for having resisted a military invasion in the 19th century by the imperial napoleonic armies, the city is now known as the unvanquished city (a cidade invicta).
colorful tabs cool extension that adds up different colors to the tabs opened in mozilla browser.download mozilla add on here	colorful tabs extension that adds up different colors to the tabs opened in mozilla browser.download mozilla add on here
pixel qi screens are available in a few dozen products and massively reduce the power consumption of the screen, which now accounts for about 90% of the power draw in an apple ipad, and 70% of the power draw on a standard cell phone.	pixel qi screens are available in a few dozen products and reduce the power consumption of the screen, which now accounts for about 90% of the power draw in an apple ipad, and 70% of the power draw on a standard cell phone.
all other denominations of judaism, as well as national jewish organizations reject messianic judaism as a form of judaism.	all denominations of judaism, as well as national jewish organizations reject messianic judaism as a form of judaism.
tchky karyo (born october 4, 1953) is a very popular french actor.	tchky karyo (born october 4, 1953) is a popular french actor.
slovakia (long form: slovak republic; slovak: slovensko, long form slovensk republika) is a wonderfull landlocked country in central europe with a population of over five million and an area of about 49,000 square kilometres (almost 19,000 square miles).	slovakia (long form: slovak republic; slovak: slovensko, long form slovensk republika) is a landlocked country in central europe with a population of over five million and an area of about 49,000 square kilometres (almost 19,000 square miles).
perhaps the most important contribution of bayh-dole is that it reversed the presumption of title.	perhaps the most important change of bayh-dole is that it reversed the presumption of title.
on 12 april 1961, he became the first man in space and the first to orbit the earth.	on 12 april 1961, he became the first person in space and the first to orbit the earth.
"she offers tom some fascinating insights into danny's behaviour, labelling him ""a bottomless pit"" who ""hated anything he couldn't control."""	"she offers tom some insights into danny's behaviour, labelling him ""a bottomless pit"" who ""hated anything he couldn't control."""
neither exploded, though fortunately one of the unexploded bombs killed two sailors, able seaman iain m. boldy and able seaman matthew j. stuart, when it entered the ship's sea cat missile magazine, detonating two missiles.	neither exploded, though one of the unexploded bombs killed two sailors, able seaman iain m. boldy and able seaman matthew j. stuart, when it entered the ship's sea cat missile magazine, detonating two missiles.
unexpectedly , tivan's tormented assistant grabs the stone, triggering an explosion that engulfs his collection.	suddenly , tivan's tormented assistant grabs the stone, triggering an explosion that engulfs his collection.
as a result some companies and organizations discontinued the provision of ground beef with the additive .	as a result some companies and organizations discontinued the provision of ground beef with the product .
fairway markets is a successful regional grocery chain on vancouver island, british columbia, canada.	fairway markets is a regional grocery chain on vancouver island, british columbia, canada.
jo brand comedienne , lived in mitcham	jo brand comedian , lived in mitcham
fry also took photos and 16 mm film of supposed ufos, but subsequent analysis of the original footage has provided strong evidence the ufos were fake.	fry also took photos and 16 mm film of supposed ufos, but subsequent analysis of the original footage has provided evidence the ufos were fake.
the eudemocrats (eud) alliance for a europe of democracies is a eurorealist alliance of parties , movements and individuals from 15 european countries.	the eudemocrats (eud) alliance for a europe of democracies is a euroskeptic alliance of parties , movements and individuals from 15 european countries.
this golden flame symbolizes the spirit of freedom and the struggle for independence of indonesian people.	this golden flame is intended to symbolize the spirit of freedom and the struggle for independence of indonesian people.
george weah missed several chances and dennis wise incorrectly had a goal disallowed for offside, while villa's gareth southgate headed wide.	george weah missed several chances and dennis wise had a goal disallowed for offside, while villa's gareth southgate headed wide.
it is very diverse ecologically and biologically, and is home to a variety of beautiful animals and plants, notably the wildflowers that blossom throughout the year but especially in the spring, including the popular bluebonnets, some planted in an effort by lady bird johnson.	it is very diverse ecologically and biologically, and is home to a variety of animals and plants, notably the wildflowers that blossom throughout the year but especially in the spring, including the popular bluebonnets, some planted in an effort by lady bird johnson.
pink floyd (formed in 1965 in cambridge, england) is an english rock band, noted for their progressive compositions, thoughtful lyrics, sonic experimentation, cover art and elaborate live shows.	pink floyd (formed in 1965 in cambridge, england) is an english rock band, noted for their progressive compositions, philosophic lyrics, sonic experimentation, cover art and elaborate live shows.
it is expected that the uk government's liberalisation of the uk bankruptcy regime will massively increase the number of bankruptcy cases; initial government statistics appear to bear this out.	it is expected that the uk government's liberalisation of the uk bankruptcy regime will increase the number of bankruptcy cases; initial government statistics appear to bear this out.
this is made evident in the paf's pleads for spare parts and aid at the height of the war from iran, indonesia and china.	this is made evident in the paf's requests for spare parts and aid at the height of the war from iran, indonesia and china.
its female characters were much stronger than in other trek series, though seven of nine was often used for sex appeal to get male viewers.	its female characters were much stronger than in other trek series, although it was surmised that seven of nine was often used for sex appeal to get male viewers.
she is the only muslim after abdul sattar edhi to be honored with the prestigious ahmadiyya muslim peace prize.	she is the only muslim after abdul sattar edhi to be honored with the ahmadiyya muslim peace prize.
he has one daughter and he is the brother of chris maurer, who played bass in the band before his departure.	he has one child and he is the brother of chris maurer, who played bass in the band before his departure.
he returned to the stage with his first full-length opera, le roi de paris, a formulatic historical drama with a subplot about unrequited love.	he returned to the stage with his first full-length opera, le roi de paris, a historical drama with a subplot about unrequited love.
during and after wilson's distinguished career, he was awarded numerous awards and honors:	during and after wilson's career, he was awarded numerous awards and honors:
net neutrality is the guiding principle that preserves the free and open internet.	network neutrality is the guiding principle that preserves the free and open internet.
in 1983, ullman succeeded as a singer on the legendary punk label stiff records , although her style was more comic romantic than punk .	in 1983, ullman succeeded as a singer on the punk label stiff records , although her style was more comic romantic than punk .
"singin' bernie walsh character created and played by irish comedienne katherine lynch, who is known for her album friends in hi aces and her singles ""dundalk, dundalk"", ""don't knock knock 'til you've tried it"", and ""stand by your van""."	"singin' bernie walsh character created and played by irish comedian katherine lynch, who is known for her album friends in hi aces and her singles ""dundalk, dundalk"", ""don't knock knock 'til you've tried it"", and ""stand by your van""."
a number of running gags ensue the jaguar that will not start; the silent lapchick's (harvey jason) numerous mishaps; italian race driver franco bertolli's (ral juli) frequent detours to seduce beautiful women as well as some splendid stunts and driving sequences.	a number of running gags ensue the jaguar that will not start; the silent lapchick's (harvey jason) numerous mishaps; italian race driver franco bertolli's (ral juli) frequent detours to seduce beautiful women   as well as some stunts and driving sequences.
judaism primarily places emphasis on correct actions (or orthopraxy), focusing primarly on how to respond to the eternal covenant god made with the israelites, as recorded in the torah and talmud.	judaism primarily places emphasis on correct actions (or orthopraxy), focusing primarly on how to respond to the mosaic covenant god made with the israelites, as recorded in the torah and talmud.
the viewing platform on the north peak offers spectacular views of the surrounding area and miura peninsula.	the viewing platform on the north peak offers views of the surrounding area and miura peninsula.
"the main book of this searcher ""fronts et frontires"" (fronts and borders) first published in 1991, without equivalent remains unfortunately untranslated in english."	"the main book of this searcher ""fronts et frontires"" (fronts and borders) first published in 1991, without equivalent remains as of yet untranslated in english."
james was formally crowned at the church of the holy rood, stirling on july 29, 1567. in deference to the religious proclivities of most of the scots ruling class, he was brought up as a member of the scottish protestant kirk and educated by men with presbyterian sympathies, though his mother was a roman catholic.	james was formally crowned at the church of the holy rood, stirling on july 29, 1567. in deference to the religious beliefs of most of the scots ruling class, he was brought up as a member of the scottish protestant kirk and educated by men with presbyterian sympathies, though his mother was a roman catholic.
comedienne and actress whoopi goldberg	comedian and actress whoopi goldberg
bilingualism with the standard dialect	bilingualism with the standard variety
as is the case with all political violence, the perpetrators consider their attacks justified while those targeted say otherwise.	as is the case with all political violence, the actors consider their attacks justified while those targeted say otherwise.
tyreen bears a personal grudge against dundee.	tyreen bears a grudge against dundee.
in first chance gulch in western montana, the town is located 11 miles up the garnet range road, in beautiful mountains and forest.	in first chance gulch in western montana, the town is located 11 miles up the garnet range road, in mountains and forest.
defender was one of the most important titles of the golden age of arcade games, selling over 55,000 units to become the company's best selling game and one of the highest-grossing arcade games ever.	was one of the most important titles of the golden age of arcade games, selling over 55,000 units to become the company's best selling game and one of the highest-grossing arcade games ever.
on 24 june 2011, aged 29, joaqun left valencia and signed for high-spending mlaga for three years, for a fee of 4 million.	on 24 june 2011, aged 29, joaqun left valencia and signed for mlaga for three years, for a fee of 4 million.
mike + the mechanics debuted with their stellar eponymous album in 1985 which highlighted rutherford's innovative guitar work and the vocal talents of the two pauls, amongst other guest vocalists.	mike + the mechanics debuted with their eponymous album in 1985 which highlighted rutherford's innovative guitar work and the vocal talents of the two pauls, amongst other guest vocalists.
"the site is on one of two golf courses belonging to a golf club on lowes island, virginia; donald trump acquired the club in 2009 for $13 million as a ""fixxer-upper""."	"the site is on one of two golf courses belonging to the trump national golf club on lowes island, virginia; donald trump acquired the club in 2009 for $13 million as a ""fixxer-upper""."
on october 25, 1983, grenada was illegally invaded by combined forces from the united states, the organization of eastern caribbean states (oecs), jamaica, and barbados.	on october 25, 1983, grenada was invaded by combined forces from the united states, the organization of eastern caribbean states (oecs), jamaica, and barbados.
the name fat mike is a misnomer, as he isn't very obese.	the name fat mike is a misnomer, as he isn't obese.
moral universalism is a recent humanist term to find a compromise between the unattainable absolutist sense of morality, and the unauthoritative relativist view.	moral universalism is a recent humanist term to find a compromise between the unattainable absolutist sense of morality, and the relativist view.
three full cycles were performed in may and june 2010. the innovative production was directed and designed by achim freyer and conducted by james conlon.	three full cycles were performed in may and june 2010. the controversial production was directed and designed by achim freyer and conducted by james conlon.
george lincoln rockwell (march 9, 1918 - august 25, 1967) was a us naval commander and and was the founder and commander of the american nazi party and perhaps the most notorious american neo-nazi leader of his time.	george lincoln rockwell (march 9, 1918 - august 25, 1967) was a us naval commander and and was the founder and commander of the american nazi party and perhaps the most notable american neo-nazi leader of his time.
however, taking advantage of their unique status as his direct subjects, the king could expropriate jewish assets in the guise of taxation.	however, taking advantage of their unique status as his direct subjects, the king could expropriate jewish assets in the form of taxation.
melissa rauch (born 1980), actress, comedienne , bernadette rostenkowski on the big bang theory (marlboro)	melissa rauch (born 1980), actress, comedian , bernadette rostenkowski on the big bang theory (marlboro)
"for example, beef is cognate with the modern french bœuf, meaning "" steer "" ; veal with veau, meaning ""calf""; pork with porc, meaning ""pig""; and poultry with poulet, meaning ""chicken""."	"for example, beef is cognate with the modern french bœuf, meaning "" cow ""; veal with veau, meaning ""calf""; pork with porc, meaning ""pig""; and poultry with poulet, meaning ""chicken""."
"her father, ""duke"" duquesne, is a great defense attorney despite having trouble with alcohol and has tried to rehabilitate himself several times."	"her father, ""duke"" duquesne, is a defense attorney despite having trouble with alcohol and has tried to rehabilitate himself several times."
"researchers nathonson and young see the term 'gender' as a gynocentric ""front"" for what they call ""ideological"" feminism."	"researchers nathonson and young see the term 'gender' as a blatantly biased ""front"" for what they call ""ideological"" feminism."
dayle haddon.dayle haddon (born 26 may 1949 in montral, qubec) is a former supermodel and actress, a 1970s and 1980s face who sold max factor, revlon, estee lauder, and l'oreal.	dayle haddon.dayle haddon (born 26 may 1949 in montral, qubec) is a former model and actress, a 1970s and 1980s face who sold max factor, revlon, estee lauder, and l'oreal.
is a extreme comedy television series which airs monday through friday nights at 10:30 p.m. on &tv.	is a comedy television series which airs monday through friday nights at 10:30 p.m. on &tv.
a special nintendo dsi feature includes king juliens side-splitting critiques of photo snapshots.	a special nintendo dsi feature includes king juliens critiques of photo snapshots.
for her shocking sequence of photos, published by newhouse news service, of a female circumcision rite in kenya.	for her shocking sequence of photos, published by newhouse news service, of a female genital cutting rite in kenya.
john bel edwards faced tough criticism from the local naacp president pat morris, when she thought that, as a district which had been gerrymandered to have an african-american majority, the 72nd district would best be represented by an african american.	john bel edwards faced tough criticism from the local naacp president pat morris, when she thought that, as a district which had been drawn to have an african-american majority, the 72nd district would best be represented by an african american.
hercules is an excellent hand to hand combatant and is a particularly excellent greco-roman wrestler.	hercules is an excellent hand to hand combatant and is a excellent greco-roman wrestler.
although she is over 20 years younger than he, they've been happily married since april 6, 1985 and have a young son, hunter, together.	although she is over 20 years younger than he, they've been married since april 6, 1985 and have a young son, hunter, together.
"dr. ganser explains that according to the fbi, ""`terrorism is the unlawful use of force or violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objective',"" and that this is precisely the objective given to the covert operations section of the cia."	"dr. ganser claims that according to the fbi, ""`terrorism is the unlawful use of force or violence against persons or property to intimidate or coerce a government, the civilian population, or any segment thereof, in furtherance of political or social objective',"" and that this is precisely the objective given to the covert operations section of the cia."
"the compositions performed at this event were later recorded by the london symphony orchestra, creating the album iamus, which new scientist hailed as the "" first complete album to be composed solely by a computer and recorded by human musicians."""	"the compositions performed at this event were later recorded by the london symphony orchestra, creating the album iamus, which new scientist reported as the "" first complete album to be composed solely by a computer and recorded by human musicians."""
buyers use the diplomas to falsely claim academic credentials for use in securing employment (e.g., a schoolteacher may buy a degree from a diploma mill in order to advance to superintendent).	buyers use the diplomas to claim academic credentials for use in securing employment (e.g., a schoolteacher may buy a degree from a diploma mill in order to advance to superintendent).
the project was completed in 1975, before the full master plan for the dam could be realised by the colonialist south african and portuguese governments.	the project was completed in 1975, before the full master plan for the dam could be realised by the ruling south african and portuguese governments.
taliban terrorists - most were students of madrassas from afghanistan, pakistan, south asia, arab countries and chechniya	taliban fighters - most were students of madrassas from afghanistan, pakistan, south asia, arab countries and chechniya
soviet propagandist ilya ehrenburg reported a common version of the story as fact in his the complete black book of russian jewry:	soviet writer ilya ehrenburg reported a common version of the story as fact in his the complete black book of russian jewry:
he also played the role of admiral kelso in the 1998 blockbuster armageddon.	he also played the role of admiral kelso in the 1998 film armageddon.
"it 's motto is ""mare ditat rosa decorat"" (the sea enriches and the rose adorns)."	"the ship 's motto is ""mare ditat rosa decorat"" (the sea enriches and the rose adorns)."
on may 13, 2016, pkk terrorists shot down a turkish army helicopter using this missile system.	on may 13, 2016, pkk militants shot down a turkish army helicopter using this missile system.
he had entered the country illegally across the mexican border.	he is being held on accusations he entered the country illegally across the mexican border.
another accepted view in the jewish exegesis of genesis 19:26, is that when lot's wife looked back, she turned to a pillar of salt upon the sight of god who was descending down to rain destruction upon sodom and gomorrah.	another view in the jewish exegesis of genesis 19:26, is that when lot's wife looked back, she turned to a pillar of salt upon the sight of god who was descending down to rain destruction upon sodom and gomorrah.
"this command targets the various destructive volcanoes around the earth, which will erupt and kill mankind , but will ""make the world green again""."	"this command targets the various destructive volcanoes around the earth, which will erupt and kill humanity , but will ""make the world green again""."
while the earliest games seized their source material from schlocky motifs in iconic horror cinema, the series later developed a much more artistic and dramatic direction drawn from gothic fiction and dark romanticism.	while the earliest games seized their source material from motifs in iconic horror cinema, the series later developed a much more artistic and dramatic direction drawn from gothic fiction and dark romanticism.
the only other possible leadership candidate, prime minister kim il (no relation), was removed from his undeserved posts in 1976. in 1992, kim il-sung publicly stated that his son was in charge of all internal affairs in north korea.	the only other possible leadership candidate, prime minister kim il (no relation), was removed from his posts in 1976. in 1992, kim il-sung publicly stated that his son was in charge of all internal affairs in north korea.
he is the author of several controversial books criticizing the current interpretation of separation of church and state in the united states, and is a figure in the christian right.	he is the author of several books criticizing the current interpretation of separation of church and state in the united states, and is a figure in the christian right.
in 1992, a widely-circulated photographed showed her stepping over the body of a dead muslim civilian to kiss the notorious serb warlord eljko ranatovi, known as arkan.	in 1992, a widely-circulated photographed showed her stepping over the body of a dead muslim civilian to kiss the serb warlord eljko ranatovi, known as arkan.
"this exodus was brilliantly narrated with clarksdale triangulated with chicago and washington d.c. as a centerpiece in the award winning book ""the promised land"" isbn 978-0394269672 by nicholas lemann."	"this exodus was narrated with clarksdale triangulated with chicago and washington d.c. as a centerpiece in the award winning book ""the promised land"" isbn 978-0394269672 by nicholas lemann."
in addition each of the apollo 8, apollo 10, and apollo 13 missions had a three- man crew and closely encountered the moon (entering orbit in the case of the former two missions, while apollo 13 only passed around it).	in addition each of the apollo 8, apollo 10, and apollo 13 missions had a three- person crew and closely encountered the moon (entering orbit in the case of the former two missions, while apollo 13 only passed around it).
the anti-defamation league has characterized answer as an anti-israeli group that supports terrorist organizations such as hezbollah.	the anti-defamation league has characterized answer as an anti-israeli group that supports terrorism , for its support of organizations such as hezbollah.
it should be noted that for ho and o -scales, nmra uses letter 'o' whereas nem uses the correct number zero ( h0 instead of ho ).	it should be noted that for ho and o -scales, nmra uses letter 'o' whereas nem uses the number zero ( h0 instead of ho ).
"their worldwide sales figures of ""over 190 million albums"" was claimed at their uk music hall of fame induction in 2004 ."	"their worldwide sales figures are usually estimated between 100 and 200 million records; however, ""over 190 million albums"" was claimed at their uk music hall of fame induction in 2004 ."
lomako was responsible for coordinating a reformist economic policy, and was removed by brezhnev in 1965 as part of a bid to weaken kosygin's power and reintroduce economic conservatism.	lomako was responsible for coordinating a reformist economic policy, and is argued by contemporary western analysts such as g. w. simmonds to have been removed by brezhnev in 1965 as part of a bid to weaken kosygin's power and reintroduce economic conservatism.
city of god received impressive positive reviews from major publications in the united states, gathering 90% of favourable reviews on rotten tomatoes.	city of god received positive reviews from major publications in the united states, gathering 90% of favourable reviews on rotten tomatoes.
the master of professional writing program (referred to as mpw) is a prestigious graduate writing program which offers a variety of courses at the university of southern california's college of letters, arts & sciences.	the master of professional writing program (referred to as mpw) is a graduate writing program which offers a variety of courses at the university of southern california's college of letters, arts & sciences.
mainland china enjoyed strong economical growth in 1990, as a result strengthened its military budget.	china enjoyed strong economical growth in 1990, as a result strengthened its military budget.
the september 11, 2001 attacks gave us airways pretext to invoke a force majeure clause in its labor contracts to close the operation, announced on september 24. it represented, too, us airways' surrender of bwi as a hub, which it had inherited from an earlier merger with piedmont airlines.	the september 11, 2001 attacks gave us airways a rational to invoke a force majeure clause in its labor contracts to close the operation, announced on september 24. it represented, too, us airways' surrender of bwi as a hub, which it had inherited from an earlier merger with piedmont airlines.
labor, having been in office for ten years, suffered a landslide defeat at the hands of the liberal party under jeff kennett.	labor, having been in office for ten years, suffered a defeat at the hands of the liberal party under jeff kennett.
"chogyal namkhai norbu, a self-proclaimed 'discoverer' of so-called 'treasures' supposedly 'hidden' in the space and other exotic places, considers that shugden can cause devotees to become ""nervous, confused and upset."""	"chogyal namkhai norbu, a self-proclaimed 'discoverer' of so-called 'treasures' supposedly 'hidden' in the space and other exotic places, and known for his diatribes against gelugpa lamas, claims that shugden can cause devotees to become ""nervous, confused and upset."""
the issue of missing persons in cyprus took a dramatic new turn in the summer of 2007 when the un-sponsored committee on missing persons (cmp) began returning remains of identified missing individuals to their families (see end of section).	the issue of missing persons in cyprus took a new turn in the summer of 2007 when the un-sponsored committee on missing persons (cmp) began returning remains of identified missing individuals to their families (see end of section).
born and raised in edogawa, tokyo, he joined the renowned japanese talent agency, johnny & associates, at the age of 12 and was drafted as a member of the popular j-pop group kat-tun in 2001. the group officially debuted in 2006 and has since achieved a string of chart successes with all four albums and ten singles reaching number 1 on the oricon charts.	born and raised in edogawa, tokyo, he joined the japanese talent agency, johnny & associates, at the age of 12 and was drafted as a member of the popular j-pop group kat-tun in 2001. the group officially debuted in 2006 and has since achieved a string of chart successes with all four albums and ten singles reaching number 1 on the oricon charts.
category:creation myths category:holy scripture	category:creation stories category:holy scripture
the basin is kept free of urban over-building so that water can buildup there during the ever-dreaded hundred-year flood.	the basin is kept free of urban over-building so that water can buildup there during the hundred-year flood.
the lecht ski centre is situated on the infamous a939 road cockbridge to tomintoul road on the eastern side of the cairngorms in strathdon.	the lecht ski centre is situated on the a939 road cockbridge to tomintoul road on the eastern side of the cairngorms in strathdon.
travelling north from sydney to brisbane the mcc stopped for a couple of country matches, the first in the grimy industrial town of newcastle, new south wales.	travelling north from sydney to brisbane the mcc stopped for a couple of country matches, the first in the industrial town of newcastle, new south wales.
the outbreak of war also led to modernization of mckinley's cabinet, as the president accepted sherman's resignation as secretary of state; day agreed to serve as secretary until the war's end.	the outbreak of war also led to change of mckinley's cabinet, as the president accepted sherman's resignation as secretary of state; day agreed to serve as secretary until the war's end.
vandalized amflora potato field in zepkow, germany.	amflora potato field in zepkow, germany.
unfortunately it got very little airplay and never reached the top 40. the video can be seen rarely on mtv2's 120 minutes.	it got very little airplay and never reached the top 40. the video can be seen rarely on mtv2's 120 minutes.
sony, seeing that not many people were updating their psps to 1.51 or 1.52, had to release an update with features that would give people an incentive to update.	sony, seeing that not many people were updating their psps to 1.51 or 1.52, decided to release an update with features that would give people an incentive to update.
they also believe that ancient (and modern) goddesses, and the worship of mary by catholics, are derived from this truth.	they also believe that ancient (and modern) goddesses, and the veneration of mary by catholics, are derived from this truth.
"despite a stunning video directed by david fincher and featuring actor christopher walken, ""bad girl"" is widely considered to be a flop; many fans, however, regard it as one of madonna's best ballads."	"despite a video directed by david fincher and featuring actor christopher walken, ""bad girl"" is widely considered to be a flop; many fans, however, regard it as one of madonna's best ballads."
"it was hosted by jimmie dodd, a talented music writer and the ""head mouseketeer""."	"it was hosted by jimmie dodd, a music writer and the ""head mouseketeer""."
"entre literally ""entrance""; the first course of a meal (uk english); illogically used to denote the main dish or course of a meal (us english)"	"entre literally ""entrance""; the first course of a meal (uk english); used to denote the main dish or course of a meal (us english)"
he studied history at university of paris x (nanterre) and since 1997 has worked as a postman in neuilly-sur-seine.	he studied history at university of paris x (nanterre) and since 1997 has worked as a postal carrier in neuilly-sur-seine.
his vocal advocacy of ruby over java has garnered wide criticism.	his vocal advocacy of ruby over java has garnered attention and criticism.
in 1986, lucasfilm and universal pictures produced the much-reviled movie howard the duck.	in 1986, lucasfilm and universal pictures produced the movie howard the duck.
wayne served proudly in the u.s. navy and made two western pacific tours aboard the carrier u.s.s.	wayne served in the u.s. navy and made two western pacific tours aboard the carrier u.s.s.
he was amazed by the hussain sagar by its breathtaking view of the lake, and thus built this palace in indo-european architectural style around 1900.	he was amazed by the hussain sagar by its view of the lake, and thus built this palace in indo-european architectural style around 1900.
while in a love marriage, couples starts off from a high ground of dreams and illusions where there is little scope to go upward but there are great chances of failure as some (or all) of the dreams do not realize after marriage.	while in a love marriage, couples starts off from a high ground of dreams and expectations where there is little scope to go upward but there are great chances of failure as some (or all) of the dreams do not realize after marriage.
"in 1897, the first zionist congress proclaimed the decision ""to establish a home for the jewish people in eretz-israel secured under public law."""	"in 1897, the first zionist congress proclaimed the decision ""to establish a home for the jewish people in palestine secured under public law."""
the government of the prc also rejects claims that the lives of tibetans have deteriorated, and states that the lives of tibetans have been improved immensely compared to self rule before 1950. belying these claims, some 3,000 tibetans brave hardship and danger to flee into exile every year.	the government of the prc also rejects claims that the lives of tibetans have deteriorated, and states that the lives of tibetans have been improved immensely compared to self rule before 1950. despite these claims, some 3,000 tibetans brave hardship and danger to flee into exile every year.
as the affluent tenants embark upon an orgy of destruction, ballard tells the story of how the whole block slowly degenerates into anarchy .	as the affluent tenants embark upon an orgy of destruction, ballard tells the story of how the whole block slowly degenerates into chaos .
faye turney was kept from the men and was untrufully told they had been released.	faye turney was kept from the men and was told they had been released.
the ivi tv player is a downloadable software application that runs on windows, macintosh, or gnu/ linux computers that offers live television over the internet.	the ivi tv player is a downloadable software application that runs on windows, macintosh, or linux computers that offers live television over the internet.
nilo-saharan is centered on sudan and chad ( questionable validity)	nilo-saharan is centered on sudan and chad ( disputed validity)
views on interracial children	views on interracial relationships
"anne applebaum stresses that, ""without exception, the leninist belief in the one-party state was and is characteristic of every communist regime,"" and ""the bolshevik use of violence was repeated in every communist revolution."""	"anne applebaum asserts that, ""without exception, the leninist belief in the one-party state was and is characteristic of every communist regime,"" and ""the bolshevik use of violence was repeated in every communist revolution."""
users can also use amusing facial expressions as emotes.	users can also use facial expressions as emotes.
he in fact proved surprisingly moderate in office, to the frustration of his treasurer (finance minister), john howard and other thatcherite ministers, who were dogmatic adherents of monetarism.	he in fact proved surprisingly moderate in office, to the frustration of his treasurer (finance minister), john howard and other thatcherite ministers, who were strong adherents of monetarism.
the molossians were an ancient illyrian tribe that inhabited the region of epirus since the mycenaean era.	the molossians were an ancient greek tribe that inhabited the region of epirus since the mycenaean era.
since the mid-1990s, stallman has spent most of his time advocating for free software, as well as campaigning against software patents, digital restrictions management, and what he sees as excessive extension of copyright laws.	since the mid-1990s, stallman has spent most of his time advocating for free software, as well as campaigning against software patents, digital rights management, and what he sees as excessive extension of copyright laws.
blogger supports google's adsense service as a simple way of generating revenue from running a blog.	blogger supports google's adsense service as a way of generating revenue from running a blog.
an example of this type of racism is the response given by a high-level bureaucrat of the municipality of escobar to two businessmen who wanted to set up a nightclub next to the rail station:	an example of this type of racism is the response given by a high-level official of the municipality of escobar to two businessmen who wanted to set up a nightclub next to the rail station:
although named in the finals squad as understudy to fred martin, he did not travel, as scotland stupidly chose only to take 13 players to switzerland.	although named in the finals squad as understudy to fred martin, he did not travel, as scotland chose only to take 13 players to switzerland.
--boyd, responding to criticism of his decision to try to play major league baseball as a scab during the 1994-95 strike.	--boyd, responding to criticism of his decision to try to play major league baseball as a replacement player during the 1994-95 strike.
kathy griffin, comedienne , actress, author	kathy griffin, comedian , actress, author
cia machinations in chile in 1970 (report on cia.gov)	cia activities in chile in 1970 (report on cia.gov)
although , some crmant producers label their product in a manner apparently designed to mislead consumers into believing that they are actually purchasing champagne.	however , some crmant producers label their product in a manner apparently designed to mislead consumers into believing that they are actually purchasing champagne.
the theory attracted criticism from john maynard keynes, particularly in his seminal work general theory.	the theory attracted criticism from john maynard keynes, particularly in his work general theory.
delicious matzah balls in soup	matzah balls in soup
the austrian school, also known as the vienna school or the psychological school, is a heterodox school of economic thought that advocates adherence to strict methodological individualism.	the austrian school, also known as the vienna school or the psychological school, is a school of economic thought that advocates adherence to strict methodological individualism.
some well-known orchestral soundtracks include:	some orchestral soundtracks include:
the fed holds 790 billion in us debt which means part of the national debt is held privately by the federal reserve.	the fed holds 790 billion in us debt which means part of the national debt is held by the federal reserve.
the islets are sometimes known as the liancourt rocks in english.	the islets are also known as the liancourt rocks in english.
1997 - the notorious b.i.g., a hip hop artist, was assassinated in los angeles.	1997 - the notorious b.i.g., iconical hip hop artist, was assassinated in los angeles.
terrorist is a label for one who is personally involved in an act of terrorism.	terrorist is a term for one who is personally involved in an act of terrorism.
he is known for his publications critical of russia's political and military elite .	he is known for his publications critical of russia's political and military leadership .
in the first large-scale government survey measuring americans sexual orientation, the nhis reported in july 2014 that only 0.7 percent of americans identify as bisexual.	in the first large-scale government survey measuring americans sexual orientation, the nhis reported in july 2014 that 0.7 percent of americans identify as bisexual.
for a representative debate on this issue, see the contributions to ; for an up-to-date view, .	for a representative debate on this issue, see the contributions to ; for an more recent view, .
twenty years of congress: from lincoln to garfield.	blaine, james.twenty years of congress: from lincoln to garfield.
"diminutive character actor elisha cook, jr. (born december 26, 1903 in san francisco, california, usa, died may 18, 1995 in big pine, california) made a career playing cowardly villains and neurotics earning the nickname ""hollywood's lightest heavy""."	"character actor elisha cook, jr. (born december 26, 1903 in san francisco, california, usa, died may 18, 1995 in big pine, california) made a career playing cowardly villains and neurotics earning the nickname ""hollywood's lightest heavy""."
benjamin netanyahu says in an interview that he will not destroy any more illegal israeli settlements during his second term.	benjamin netanyahu says in an interview that he will not destroy any more israeli settlements during his second term.
they are also blamed for the fall of mankind from grace.	they are also blamed for the fall of humankind from grace.
they have also formed substantial emigrant communities in the neighbouring countries, as well as further abroad.	they have also formed their own emigrant communities in the neighbouring countries, as well as further abroad.
this is unfortunately not always the case, as ghb can be produced as different salts which will not have as distinct a taste as the sodium salt (eg magnesium oxybate).	this is not always the case, as ghb can be produced as different salts which will not have as distinct a taste as the sodium salt (eg magnesium oxybate).
montiel was knocked out by donaire's blinding left hook during the 2nd round of the fight.	montiel was knocked out by donaire's left hook during the 2nd round of the fight.
the environment all of the incredible authors have created is an alternative reality in which influential historical figures all belong to a single family.	the environment all of the authors have created is an alternative reality in which influential historical figures all belong to a single family.
ethical culture is a nontheistic so-called religion established by felix adler in 1876. the ethical culture movement is a non-sectarian, ethico-religious and educational movement.	ethical culture is a nontheistic religion established by felix adler in 1876. the ethical culture movement is a non-sectarian, ethico-religious and educational movement.
spark seeker is an album by american jewish reggae singer matisyahu, which was released on july 17, 2012. it is his fourth studio release, and follows 2009's light.	spark seeker is an album by american reggae singer matisyahu, which was released on july 17, 2012. it is his fourth studio release, and follows 2009's light.
jean's way: a love story, a book by derek humphry, is an account of humphry's terminally ill wife's planned self-deliverance from suffering.	jean's way: a love story, a book by derek humphry, is an account of humphry's terminally ill wife's planned suicide from suffering.
however, after 1918, the term was used for far-right paramilitary organizations that sprang up around germany as soldiers returned in defeat from world war i. they were one of the many weimar paramilitary groups active during that time.	however, after 1918, the term was used for nationalist paramilitary organizations that sprang up around germany as soldiers returned in defeat from world war i. they were one of the many weimar paramilitary groups active during that time.
she led them to gold medals in the 1996 and 2000 olympic games, and in the world championships of basketball.	she helped lead them to gold medals in the 1996 and 2000 olympic games, and in the world championships of basketball.
the question time bnp controversy follows an invitation by the british broadcasting corporation (bbc) to the far-right british national party (bnp) leader nick griffin to be a panelist on question time, one of its leading current affairs television programmes.	the question time bnp controversy follows an invitation by the british broadcasting corporation (bbc) to the far-right british national party (bnp) leader nick griffin to be a panelist on question time, one of its flagship current affairs television programmes.
same kind of problems inco has had also in indonesien .	same kind of problems inco has had also in indonesia .
in 2005, within two months of moving to new york city, decker auditioned for the prestigious sports illustrated swimsuit edition, in which she first appeared in 2006. she was again featured in the 2007 edition, also hosting the 2007 behind-the-scenes television special, and returned to the magazine for a third consecutive time in 2008. decker also appeared in the 2007 made-for-television lipshitz saves the world.	in 2005, within two months of moving to new york city, decker auditioned for the sports illustrated swimsuit edition, in which she first appeared in 2006. she was again featured in the 2007 edition, also hosting the 2007 behind-the-scenes television special, and returned to the magazine for a third consecutive time in 2008. decker also appeared in the 2007 made-for-television lipshitz saves the world.
his main asset was his tremendous heading ability, and he often scored from set pieces.	his main asset was his heading ability, and he often scored from set pieces.
under the guidance of the founders grandsons, grald and valentin piaget, the piaget brand became a registered trademark in 1943. since then, the manufacture at la cte-aux-fes has produced its own creations and has undergone considerable international expansion.	under the guidance of the founders grandsons, grald and valentin piaget, the piaget brand became a registered trademark in 1943. since then, the manufacture at la cte-aux-fes has produced its own creations and has undergone international expansion.
: analyzing the clement clarke moore vs. henry livingston question, published in 2016, in which he evaluates the opposing arguments and, for the first time, uses the author-attribution techniques of modern computational stylistics to settle the long-standing controversy.	: analyzing the clement clarke moore vs. henry livingston question, published in 2016, in which he evaluates the opposing arguments and, for the first time, uses the author-attribution techniques of modern computational stylistics to examine the long-standing controversy.
proceedings of the biological society of washington 117(2):213-239. online version this paper was withdrawn by the publisher because the editor, fellow intelligent design proponent richard sternberg, went outside the usual review procedures in allowing meyer's article to be published in his last issue as editor.	proceedings of the biological society of washington 117(2):213-239. online version this paper was withdrawn by the publisher who claims the editor, fellow intelligent design proponent richard sternberg, went outside the usual review procedures in allowing meyer's article to be published in his last issue as editor.
- official washington canceled the trip of barack obama's meeting of the group of eight in sochi (russia) and condemned the russian aggression.	- official washington canceled the trip of barack obama's meeting of the group of eight in sochi (russia) and condemned what they saw russian aggression.
the programme reveals that her maternal ancestors played an active part in the struggle for more rights for irish tenant farmers, known as the 'irish land war', which started in 1879. her paternal grandfather,thomas walters, a veteran of the second boer war was sadly killed in action in world war i in june 1915, as part of the royal warwickshire regiment, 2nd battalion, and is commemorated at the le touret memorial, france, but this aspect of her family history was not featured in the broadcast of the programme.	the programme reveals that her maternal ancestors played an active part in the struggle for more rights for irish tenant farmers, known as the 'irish land war', which started in 1879. her paternal grandfather,thomas walters, a veteran of the second boer war was killed in action in world war i in june 1915, as part of the royal warwickshire regiment, 2nd battalion, and is commemorated at the le touret memorial, france, but this aspect of her family history was not featured in the broadcast of the programme.
"breitbart.com has been commended for it's role in the ""evolution of pioneering websites"" including huffington post and the drudge report."	"breitbart.com has been credited for it's role in the ""evolution of pioneering websites"" including huffington post and the drudge report."
nancy walker, actress, comedienne and director	nancy walker, actress, comedian and director
covered by australian starlet sophie monk in 2007 for a push up bras promotion.	covered by australian sophie monk in 2007 for a push up bras promotion.
academic historical study of the seven extra days	academic historical study of the extra days
"doctor who is a good long-running british science fiction television programme produced by the bbc about a mysterious time-travelling adventurer known only as ""the doctor"", who explores time and space with his companions, fighting evil."	"doctor who is a long-running british science fiction television programme produced by the bbc about a mysterious time-travelling adventurer known only as ""the doctor"", who explores time and space with his companions, fighting evil."
"although german, it has gained phenomenal popularity in american language to avoid the reference to god or religion that is seen with the english-language alternative, ""bless you""."	"although german, it has gained popularity in american language to avoid the reference to god or religion that is seen with the english-language alternative, ""bless you""."
between 1993 and 1997, franz fuchs, a xenophobic austrian, engaged in a campaign against foreigners and organizations and individuals whom he believed to be friendly to foreigners.	between 1993 and 1997, franz fuchs, a austrian, engaged in a campaign against foreigners and organizations and individuals whom he believed to be friendly to foreigners.
thriller is the best selling album of all time, though sales figures for the album v between different sources who have cited the album as selling between 45 million copies worldwide to 104 million copies .	thriller is the best selling album of all time, though sales figures for the album vary dramatically between different sources who have cited the album as selling between 45 million copies worldwide to 104 million copies .
later, microsoft copied apple's ideas in their first version of the windows operating system for ibm-compatible pcs.	later, microsoft reused many of apple's ideas in their first version of the windows operating system for ibm-compatible pcs.
in 2003, together with unpleasant roman catholic m.p.	in 2003, together with another roman catholic m.p.
a people's history of the united states purports to present u.s. history through the eyes of ordinary people struggling to improve their lives, including striking workers, native americans, african-american slaves, women, african-americans struggling against racism and for civil rights, and populists.	a people's history of the united states tries to present u.s. history through the eyes of ordinary people struggling to improve their lives, including striking workers, native americans, african-american slaves, women, african-americans struggling against racism and for civil rights, and populists.
"more recently, in an article published in infinity journal in june 2011, titled ""the second lebanon war: a reassessment"", martin van creveld argued that contrary to the common view, and despite ""clumsy, heavy-handed, and slow"" ground operations, the so-called second lebanon war was a great victory for israel."	"more recently, in an article published in infinity journal in june 2011, titled ""the second lebanon war: a reassessment"", martin van creveld argued that contrary to the common view, and despite ""clumsy, heavy-handed, and slow"" ground operations, the second lebanon war was a great victory for israel."
21px  this chinese history-related article is a stub.	this chinese history-related article is a stub.
floyd mayweather jr. won by a controversial split decision over oscar de la hoya, in a full 12 rounds, to win the super welterweight title.	floyd mayweather jr. won by a split decision over oscar de la hoya, in a full 12 rounds, to win the super welterweight title.
campbellford is a small town with a population of approximately 3,800 people, located in beautiful northumberland county, ontario, canada, in the municipality of trent hills.	campbellford is a small town with a population of approximately 3,800 people, located in northumberland county, ontario, canada, in the municipality of trent hills.
diane louise salinger (born january 25, 1951) is an american actress, voice actress, and comedienne .	diane louise salinger (born january 25, 1951) is an american actress, voice actress, and comedian .
when news of this agreement surfaced after nauru faithfully followed through with the necessary legislation and the preliminaries of the embassy (which rightfully drew suspicion from china as it was staffed entirely by westerners), the united states responded that the agents who made the deal with nauru never had the authority to make such a contract, and nauru has not yet received the promised aid.	when news of this agreement surfaced after nauru faithfully followed through with the necessary legislation and the preliminaries of the embassy (which drew suspicion from china as it was staffed entirely by westerners), the united states responded that the agents who made the deal with nauru never had the authority to make such a contract, and nauru has not yet received the promised aid.
wise-paris is the world information service on energy, established in 1983 because of the evident lack of independent and reliable information in france concerning energy systems and policy, in particular in the nuclear field.	wise-paris is the world information service on energy, established in 1983 because of the perceived lack of independent and reliable information in france concerning energy systems and policy, in particular in the nuclear field.
the blank slate: the modern denial of human nature is a best-selling 2002 book by steven pinker arguing against tabula rasa models of the social sciences.	the blank slate: the modern denial of human nature is a 2002 book by steven pinker arguing against tabula rasa models of the social sciences.
it has a campground, a nearby airstrip, and spectacular views of the alaska range.	it has a campground, a nearby airstrip, and views of the alaska range.
the campaign has especially objected to lyrics which seem to support violence, including allegedly murder, towards gay men.	the campaign has especially objected to lyrics which they allege to support violence, including allegedly murder, towards gay men.
norman felton (april 29, 1913 – june 25, 2012) was a british-born american television producer, best known for his involvement in shows such as the man from u.n.c.l.e.	norman felton (april 29, 1913 – june 25, 2012) was a british-born american television producer, known for his involvement in shows such as the man from u.n.c.l.e.
unfortunately it is not possible to determine solely from a focal mechanism which of the nodal planes is in fact the fault plane.	it is not possible to determine solely from a focal mechanism which of the nodal planes is in fact the fault plane.
it is speculated that he stepped down under pressure as the caretaker government started a series of prosecution and arrest for corruption and criminal charges against political leaders of awami league and bnp including sheikh hasina khaleda zia and her infamous son tareq rahman among others.	it is speculated that he stepped down under pressure as the caretaker government started a series of prosecution and arrest for corruption and criminal charges against political leaders of awami league and bnp including sheikh hasina khaleda zia and her son tareq rahman among others.
a jewish bus equipped with wire screens to protect passengers against rocks and grenades thrown by arabs.	a jewish bus equipped with wire screens to protect civilian riders against rocks and grenades thrown by arabs.
the show combines local and national comedians with alternative bands and is hosted by comedienne kristin rand.	the show combines local and national comedians with alternative bands and is hosted by comedian kristin rand.
many calgarians and many tourists enjoy activities such as biking, hiking, skiing, snowboarding, mountainboarding, camping, and fishing in these parks every year.	many calgarians and millions of tourists enjoy activities such as biking, hiking, skiing, snowboarding, mountainboarding, camping, and fishing in these parks every year.
darren roberts is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gary mcdonald.	darren roberts is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by gary mcdonald.
stereotypes of the chinese as disproportionately affluent and greedy were common throughout the time (both in indonesia as well as malaysia), but with the anti-communist hysteria , the association of the chinese indonesians with the people's republic of china caused them to also be viewed as a communist fifth column.	stereotypes of the chinese as disproportionately affluent and greedy were common throughout the time (both in indonesia as well as malaysia), but with the anti-communist agitation , the association of the chinese indonesians with the people's republic of china caused them to also be viewed as a communist fifth column.
sacra nmesis, nuevas historias de nacionalistas vascos, jon juaristi, espasa-calpe, madrid, 1999, pages 6370, isbn 84-239-7791-9. juaristi links juregui's attack with eta terrorism and the relationships of catholicism with basque nationalism.	sacra nmesis, nuevas historias de nacionalistas vascos, jon juaristi, espasa-calpe, madrid, 1999, pages 6370, isbn 84-239-7791-9. juaristi links juregui's attack with eta violence and the relationships of catholicism with basque nationalism.
xojo is powerful enough for professional developers but also ideal for those who are learning to program.	xojo is powerful enough for professional developers but also intended for those who are learning to program.
the singer made a video to raise awareness about the issue and to have the offensive policy changed.	the singer made a video to raise awareness about the issue and to have the policy changed.
unfortunately the new writer/director found herself less in demand behind the camera when she returned to hollywood.	the new writer/director found herself less in demand behind the camera when she returned to hollywood.
many believe the tape was not shown because it showed quattrocchi heroically defying his captors, even in his final moments.	many believe the tape was not shown because it showed quattrocchi defying his captors, even in his final moments.
met reliever darren oliver pitched six magnificent innings to give the bullpen a rest after mets starter steve trachsel would only last one inning before being pulled after getting hit by a line drive off the bat of preston wilson, leaving with a bruised thigh.	met reliever darren oliver pitched six shutout innings to give the bullpen a rest after mets starter steve trachsel would only last one inning before being pulled after getting hit by a line drive off the bat of preston wilson, leaving with a bruised thigh.
dong biwu (5 march 1886 2 april 1975) was a chinese communist political leader during the regime of chairman mao zedong.	dong biwu (5 march 1886 2 april 1975) was a chinese communist political leader during the government of chairman mao zedong.
students are also offered studies in spanish, french, latin, classical greek, and chinese languages .	students are also offered studies in spanish, french, latin, classical greek, and chinese.
medical cannabis ( commonly referred to as medical marijuana) refers to the use of the dried flowers and subtending leafs and stems from pistillate cannabis plants as a physician-recommended drug or herbal therapy.	medical cannabis ( also referred to as medical marijuana) refers to the use of the dried flowers and subtending leafs and stems from pistillate cannabis plants as a physician-recommended drug or herbal therapy.
the mitsubishi 380 continues the tradition of mmal to produce front-wheel drive sedans for the australian market, to compete against the conquering ford falcon and holden commodore.	the mitsubishi 380 continues the tradition of mmal to produce front-wheel drive sedans for the australian market, to compete against the ford falcon and holden commodore.
then comes short extracts from the sermon on the mount, together with a curious passage on giving and receiving, which is also cited with variations in shepherd of hermas (mand., ii, 4-6).	then comes short extracts in common with the sermon on the mount, together with a curious passage on giving and receiving, which is also cited with variations in shepherd of hermas (mand., ii, 4-6).
la asociacin de familiares de presos y desaparecidos saharauis (spanish for the association of the families of sahrawi prisoners and disappeared) or afapredesa, is an exile-based sahrawi human rights organization, campaigning against human rights abuses perpetrated by morocco against sahrawis in the moroccan -occupied parts of western sahara.	la asociacin de familiares de presos y desaparecidos saharauis (spanish for the association of the families of sahrawi prisoners and disappeared) or afapredesa, is an exile-based sahrawi human rights organization, campaigning against human rights abuses perpetrated by morocco against sahrawis in the moroccan controlled parts of western sahara.
in early 2007, instructed by aboriginal lawyer michael mansell, robertson took proceedings for the tasmanian aborigines to recover 15 sets of their stolen ancestral remains, then residing in the bowels of the natural history museum in london.	in early 2007, instructed by aboriginal lawyer michael mansell, robertson took proceedings for the tasmanian aborigines to recover 15 sets of their stolen ancestral remains, then residing in the basement of the natural history museum in london.
madonna louise ciccone ritchie (born august 16 1958) is an iconic american pop singer-songwriter, dancer, record producer, film producer, actress and author.	madonna louise ciccone ritchie (born august 16 1958) is an american pop singer-songwriter, dancer, record producer, film producer, actress and author.
together with the cosmopolitan views of an international seaport, roman catholics in metropolitan new orleans had relatively tolerant attitudes toward alcohol use , gambling, and prostitution in contrast to the outwardly conservative evangelical protestant beliefs of many in the deep south.	together with the cosmopolitan views of an international seaport, roman catholics in metropolitan new orleans had relatively tolerant attitudes toward alcohol consumption , gambling, and prostitution in contrast to the outwardly conservative evangelical protestant beliefs of many in the deep south.
the riots occurred in a power vacuum following the collapse of the pro-nazi government of rashid ali while the city was in a state of instability.	the riots occurred in a power vacuum following the collapse of the government of rashid ali while the city was in a state of instability.
the emancipation reform of 1861 in russia was the first and most important of long-overdue liberal reforms effected during the reign of alexander ii of russia.	the emancipation reform of 1861 in russia was the first and most important of liberal reforms effected during the reign of alexander ii of russia.
she married nba superstar carmelo anthony in 2010.	she married nba player carmelo anthony in 2010.
since the independence of singapore and the non-legitimate establishment of kuomintang rule over the island of taiwan, the singapore armed forces (saf) adopted military training bases in taiwan from 1975 that included combined arms exercises involving infantry, artillery, and armored units.	since the independence of singapore and the establishment of kuomintang rule over the island of taiwan, the singapore armed forces (saf) adopted military training bases in taiwan from 1975 that included combined arms exercises involving infantry, artillery, and armored units.
"the manifesto, entitled ""2083 - a european declaration of independence"" is written in good english, and on page 8 it chillingly refers to the attacks as a marketing operation for the book's distribution."	"the manifesto, entitled ""2083 - a european declaration of independence"" is written in good english, and on page 8 it refers to the attacks as a marketing operation for the book's distribution."
two gun control advocates, robert j. spitzer and gregory p. magarian argue that this was somehow an incorrect interpretation by the court.	two gun control advocates, robert j. spitzer and gregory p. magarian argue that this was an incorrect interpretation by the court.
fear of the loss of freedom of speech and other freedoms, as well as a general dissatisfaction against the government, prompted a mass protest of hundreds of thousands of people on july 1, 2003. the planners originally wanted all four football courts in victoria park, but two of the courts were booked for a blatantly pro-beijing festival and fair.	fear of the loss of freedom of speech and other freedoms, as well as a general dissatisfaction against the government, prompted a mass protest of hundreds of thousands of people on july 1, 2003. the planners originally wanted all four football courts in victoria park, but two of the courts were booked for a pro-beijing festival and fair.
apraxia is a motor disorder caused by damage to the brain (specifically the posterior parietal cortex) in which the individual has difficulty with the motor planning to perform tasks or movements when asked, provided that the request or command is understood and he/she is willing to perform the task.	apraxia is a motor disorder caused by damage to the brain (specifically the posterior parietal cortex) in which the individual has difficulty with the motor planning to perform tasks or movements when asked, provided that the request or command is understood and the individual is willing to perform the task.
}}brook street chapel is a nondenominational church building in tottenham, north london.	}}brook street chapel is a church building in tottenham, north london.
production of the original westfield xi ceased in 1986, although the company offered unsold kits until about 1988. in 2004 westfield re-started production of the westfield xi, still based on the venerable a-series engine.	production of the original westfield xi ceased in 1986, although the company offered unsold kits until about 1988. in 2004 westfield re-started production of the westfield xi, still based on the a-series engine.
he impressed brian clough enough to win a 750,000 move to nottingham forest in july 1992, but almost as quickly as he had arrived found himself out of first team contention, clough deciding that his skilful passing was not what he wanted for his struggling midfield.	he impressed brian clough enough to win a 750,000 move to nottingham forest in july 1992, but almost as quickly as he had arrived found himself out of first team contention, clough deciding that his skilful passing was not what he wanted for his midfield.
the federaci catalana d'escoltisme i guiatge (fceg) recently changed its former full membership to associated membership within the state federation.	the federaci catalana d'escoltisme i guiatge (fceg) recently changed its former full membership to associated membership within the national federation.
since the interpreter lacked sufficient memory space to store error messages, richard merrill used a clever work-around.	since the interpreter lacked sufficient memory space to store error messages, richard merrill used a work-around.
"today, however, gay pornography has become a highly profitable enterprise, ranging from the ""all-american straight-guy"" porn of marinemeat.com and sean cody, to the nymph-like european men of bel ami."	"today, however, gay pornography has become a highly profitable enterprise, ranging from the ""all-american straight-guy"" porn of marinemeat.com and sean cody, to the 'twink' european men of bel ami."
danielle took a brief absence from citv in december 2000, when she took to the stage displaying her wonderful acting, singing and dancing talents, playing the leading role of snow white at the opera house in manchester.	danielle took a brief absence from citv in december 2000, when she took to the stage displaying her acting, singing and dancing talents, playing the leading role of snow white at the opera house in manchester.
there is robust evidence that one of the main factors influencing the individual safety of cyclists is the base number of cyclists using the roads.	there is evidence that one of the main factors influencing the individual safety of cyclists is the base number of cyclists using the roads.
rosie ceased publication at the end of 2002, followed by a highly publicized legal battle between o'donnell and her publisher gruner + jahr in 2003. ultimately, the judge ruled against both sides and dismissed the darn case.	rosie ceased publication at the end of 2002, followed by a highly publicized legal battle between o'donnell and her publisher gruner + jahr in 2003. ultimately, the judge ruled against both sides and dismissed the case.
as the german military situation deteriorated later in the war, more stug guns were built compared to tanks, to replace losses and bolster defences against the encroaching allied forces.	as the german military situation deteriorated later in the war, more stug guns were built compared to tanks, to replace losses and bolster defences against the allied forces.
for the similar cattle mutilation, primarily a us phenomena, ufos, cults and animal cruelty have been blamed, but research showed there were natural or indecisive causes in the vast majority of cases.	for the similar cattle mutilation, primarily a us phenomena, ufos, cults and animal cruelty have been blamed, but research showed there were natural or indecisive causes in the majority of cases.
"however, on one track of ""all you need is the music"" was a beautiful ballad called ""should've never let her go."""	"however, on one track of ""all you need is the music"" was a ballad called ""should've never let her go."""
while the undi corps had been led by inkhosi kamapitha at the isandlwana battle, the command of the undi corps passed to prince dabulamanzi kampande (half-brother of cetshwayo kampande, the zulu king) when kamapitha was wounded killing british fugitives from isandlwana.	while the undi corps had been led by inkhosi kamapitha at the isandlwana battle, the command of the undi corps passed to prince dabulamanzi kampande (half-brother of cetshwayo kampande, the zulu king) when kamapitha was wounded during the pursuit of british fugitives from isandlwana.
the reaction from catalan pro-secession movements has been extreme , with some separatists using the same arguments against the proposal to create tabarnia as those used by those who oppose the creation of an independent catalan republic.	the reaction from catalan pro-secession movements has been very critical, with some separatists using the same arguments against the proposal to create tabarnia as those used by those who oppose the creation of an independent catalan republic.
parry aftab is a non-practicinglawyer who works in the area of online safety.	parry aftab is a non-practicing lawyer who works in the area of online safety.
the pritikin program for diet and exercise was created by nathan pritikin.	the pritikin program for diet and exercise is a fad diet originally created by nathan pritikin.
kia'aina lost in the democratic party primary for the 2nd congressional district to tulsi gabbard, garnering only 10% of the vote.	kia'aina lost in the democratic party primary for the 2nd congressional district to tulsi gabbard, garnering 10% of the vote.
"michael noel james ""mike"" hosking iv (born 1965) is a right-wing new zealand television and radio broadcaster."	"michael noel james ""mike"" hosking iv (born 1965) is a new zealand television and radio broadcaster."
rachel corrie and tom hurndall, western international solidarity movement volunteers in the palestinian territories, who died in 2003 and 2004 respectively have been described as human shields campaigning against demolition of suspected palestinian terrorists ' houses.	rachel corrie and tom hurndall, western international solidarity movement volunteers in the palestinian territories, who died in 2003 and 2004 respectively have been described as human shields campaigning against demolition of suspected palestinian fighters ' houses.
it was adopted by several liberation movements in the region in the late 1960s and early 1970s including the moro national liberation front (mnlf) and rashid lucman's bangsa moro liberation organization (bmlo).	it was adopted by several independence movements in the region in the late 1960s and early 1970s including the moro national liberation front (mnlf) and rashid lucman's bangsa moro liberation organization (bmlo).
john thomas mccook (born june 20, 1944) is an emmy-nominated american actor best known for his roles on daytime soap operas.	john thomas mccook (born june 20, 1944) is an american actor best known for his roles on daytime soap operas.
also to the north of the peaceful hamlet is a golf club where wealthy local businesspeople, doctors, and lawyers play golf in the wooded golf course.	also to the north of the hamlet is a golf club where wealthy local businesspeople, doctors, and lawyers play golf in the wooded golf course.
until recent success beginning with back-to-back gold cup wins and a stunning performance in the 2009 confederations cup.	until recent success beginning with back-to-back gold cup wins and a good performance in the 2009 confederations cup.
to honor his quality 1905 translation, of the tragedy of man by imre madch, he was elected a member of the kisfaludy society in 1912.	to honor his 1905 translation, of the tragedy of man by imre madch, he was elected a member of the kisfaludy society in 1912.
under their protection, 1,236 jews survived the war, making it one of many remarkable rescue missions in the holocaust.	under their protection, 1,236 jews survived the war, making it one of many rescue missions in the holocaust.
"writing for sky news, dominic waghorn declared , ""israelis get blamed for a lot in this part of the world, but egyptian officials have plumbed new depths of pottiness with their latest zionist conspiracy theory."""	"writing for sky news, dominic waghorn said , ""israelis get blamed for a lot in this part of the world, but egyptian officials have plumbed new depths of pottiness with their latest zionist conspiracy theory."""
these claims are strongly rejected by skeptics, because there is no recorded jewish tradition of putting coins over the eyes of the dead, and because of the spelling errors in the reported text.	these claims are rejected by skeptics, because there is no recorded jewish tradition of putting coins over the eyes of the dead, and because of the spelling errors in the reported text.
estelle winwood, actress and comedienne	estelle winwood, actress and comedian
in 2004, gehry designed the idiosyncratic official trophy for the world cup of hockey.	in 2004, gehry designed the official trophy for the world cup of hockey.
newfangled versions without the traditional references to hindu dewa–dewi and traditional malay hantu (spirits or ghosts) and otherwise in keeping with orthodox islam are, however, tolerated in certain cases.	modified versions without the traditional references to hindu dewa–dewi and traditional malay hantu (spirits or ghosts) and otherwise in keeping with orthodox islam are, however, tolerated in certain cases.
dan simmon's chilling carrion comfort has nazi chess masters with psychic powers that permits them to enter into the minds of concentration camp prisoners allowing them to be completely controlled as pawns in deadly games of chess.	dan simmon's horror novel carrion comfort has nazi chess masters with psychic powers that permits them to enter into the minds of concentration camp prisoners allowing them to be completely controlled as pawns in deadly games of chess.
in 2010, the owner of the segway company, jimi heselden died after the segway he was riding plummeted off a cliff after he graciously allowed a dog walker passed on a narrow pathway	in 2010, the owner of the segway company, jimi heselden died after the segway he was riding plummeted off a cliff after he allowed a dog walker passed on a narrow pathway
the shenmue tree resides in the same small village (bailu, which is located in guilin) that spawned both shenhua and the game's notorious stone mirrors.	the shenmue tree resides in the same small village (bailu, which is located in guilin) that spawned both shenhua and the game's stone mirrors.
he was only 48, but no cause of death was immediately given.	he was 48, but no cause of death was immediately given.
the videogame music archive, also known as vgmusic.com or vgma, is a well-known website that archives midi sequences of video game music, ranging from tunes of the nes era to modern pieces featured in xbox 360, wii and ps3 games.	the videogame music archive, also known as vgmusic.com or vgma, is a website that archives midi sequences of video game music, ranging from tunes of the nes era to modern pieces featured in xbox 360, wii and ps3 games.
the exact interpretation of this scene is unclear, but the image likely depicts a narrative central to mithraism and the figures in it appear to correspond to the signs of the zodiac.	the exact interpretation of this scene is unclear, but the image certainly depicts a narrative central to mithraism and the figures in it appear to correspond to the signs of the zodiac.
insects from all orders acquired and collected during the rest of his life added to his cape, java and bengal insects to form a magnificent collection.	insects from all orders acquired and collected during the rest of his life added to his cape, java and bengal insects to form a notable collection.
dino is used by more ideological (politically speaking) members of the democrats to challenge fellow party members for their maverick or relatively conservative positions.	dino is used by more ideological (politically speaking) members of the democrats to challenge fellow party members for their heterodox or relatively conservative positions.
he completed his schooling from the prestigious hillwoods academy situated in new delhi.	he completed his schooling from the hillwoods academy situated in new delhi.
a swimming pool, swimming bath, wading pool, or paddling pool is a container that is filled with water to enable swimming or other leisure activities.	a swimming pool, swimming bath, wading pool, or paddling pool is an artificial container that is filled with water to enable swimming or other leisure activities.
in practice, this meant top-down bureaucratic structures in which the members were controlled by a leadership approved of by the comintern's international executive committee.	in practice, this meant top-down structures in which the members were controlled by a leadership approved of by the comintern's international executive committee.
members belonging to a yacht club or sailing organization may fly their club's unique triangular burgee both while underway and at anchor (however, not while racing).	members belonging to a yacht club or sailing organization may fly their club's unique burgee both while underway and at anchor (however, not while racing).
arthur kemp is a writer, polemicist, and racist political figure, who had been politically active in south africa alternatively supporting and opposing apartheid before moving to europe.	arthur kemp is a writer, polemicist, and white-supremacist political figure, who had been politically active in south africa alternatively supporting and opposing apartheid before moving to europe.
unfortunately the club lost yet another fai cup final in december 2006 and their hunt for their 3rd victory in the elusive competition continues.	the club lost yet another fai cup final in december 2006 and their hunt for their 3rd victory in the elusive competition continues.
the process was notoriously tainted by allegations of corruption.	the process was tainted by allegations of corruption.
however, gordon's single game rushing record was unexpectedly broken by oklahoma running back samaje perine who gained 427 yards in a game against kansas.	however, gordon's single game rushing record was broken by oklahoma running back samaje perine who gained 427 yards in a game against kansas.
"charles mingus dedicated an elegant elegy, ""goodbye pork pie hat"", for young only a few months after his death."	"charles mingus dedicated an elegy, ""goodbye pork pie hat"", for young only a few months after his death."
gareth thomas (born 25 july 1974 in sarn near bridgend) is a welsh rugby union legend who currently plays at , or for the cardiff blues and most recently played as a fullback for .	gareth thomas (born 25 july 1974 in sarn near bridgend) is a welsh rugby union player who currently plays at , or for the cardiff blues and most recently played as a fullback for .
"while a city councilman, bennett, then 65, was apprehended in lincoln park on october 2, 1950, by two police officers who ""took a statement from him at the highland park police station."""	"while a city councilman, bennett, then 65, was taken into custody in lincoln park on october 2, 1950, by two police officers who ""took a statement from him at the highland park police station."""
the folkloric nfl theorem is often invoked by intelligent design proponents robert j. marks ii and william dembski as supporting intelligent design and dembski's concept of specified complexity which he alleges is evidence of design.	the folkloric nfl theorem is often invoked by intelligent design proponents robert j. marks ii and william dembski as supporting intelligent design and dembski's concept of specified complexity which he claims is evidence of design.
"referred to as the ""songbird supreme"" by the guinness world records, she is famed for her five-octave vocal range, power, melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register."	"referred to as the ""songbird supreme"" by the guinness world records, she is known for her five-octave vocal range, power, melismatic style and signature use of the whistle register."
the last turkish siege in 1715 was heroically repulsed.	the last turkish siege in 1715 was repulsed.
the coffee house perched on the cliff side of southern california's scenic highway 1 which runs up and down the california coast line.	the coffee house perched on the cliff side of southern california's highway 1 which runs up and down the california coast line.
much of the album was actually recorded live, but painstakingly edited and blended with studio material.	much of the album was actually recorded live, but edited and blended with studio material.
a study in england showed only a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional, a group that included priests, religious leaders, and case workers as well as teachers.	a study in england showed a 0.3% prevalence of sexual abuse by any professional, a group that included priests, religious leaders, and case workers as well as teachers.
however, bengals kicker shayne graham barely missed the field goal wide to the right with seven seconds left in the overtime period.	however, bengals kicker shayne graham missed the field goal wide to the right with seven seconds left in the overtime period.
the green party supports same-sex marriage and has even considered expelling a member (christina summers) as she was not supportive of governmental same-sex marriage legislation due to her religious beliefs.	the green party supports same-sex marriage and has considered expelling a member (christina summers) as she was not supportive of governmental same-sex marriage legislation due to her religious beliefs.
only a few cd-i dv titles were released before the company switched to proper vcd format for publishing movies.	only a few cd-i dv titles were released before the company switched to the current vcd format for publishing movies.
controlled irrigation of the fertile nile valley produced surplus crops which fueled social development and culture.	controlled irrigation of the fertile valley produced surplus crops which fueled social development and culture.
eric stuart joyce (born 13 october 1960) is a disgraced scottish politician, who has been a member of parliament (mp) since 2000, and has been the mp for falkirk since 2005. originally elected as a member of the labour party, joyce was suspended from labour in 2012 after he was arrested on suspicion of assault, and on 12 march 2012 officially resigned from the party.	eric stuart joyce (born 13 october 1960) is a scottish politician, who has been a member of parliament (mp) since 2000, and has been the mp for falkirk since 2005. originally elected as a member of the labour party, joyce was suspended from labour in 2012 after he was arrested on suspicion of assault, and on 12 march 2012 officially resigned from the party.
wasim sajjad (; born 30 march 1941) is a pakistani conservative statesman and lawyer who served as the acting president of pakistan for two non-consecutive terms and as the chairman of the senate between 1988 and 1999.	wasim sajjad (; born 30 march 1941) is a pakistani conservative politician and lawyer who served as the acting president of pakistan for two non-consecutive terms and as the chairman of the senate between 1988 and 1999.
an insistence upon there being a canon of canonical four, and no others, was a central theme of irenaeus of lyons, c. 185. in his central work, adversus haereses irenaeus denounced various heretical groups that used only one gospel, such as marcionism which used only marcion's version of luke, as well as groups that embraced the texts of newer revelations, such as the valentinians (a.h. 1.11).	an insistence upon there being a canon of canonical four, and no others, was a central theme of irenaeus of lyons, c. 185. in his central work, adversus haereses irenaeus denounced various early christian groups that used only one gospel, such as marcionism which used only marcion's version of luke, as well as groups that embraced the texts of newer revelations, such as the valentinians (a.h. 1.11).
leftist jews such as michael lerner and noam chomsky have charged that some pro-israel advocates define and apply the label in a manner designed to silence or discredit any jew who disagrees with their politics regarding israel.	liberal jews such as michael lerner and noam chomsky have charged that some pro-israel advocates define and apply the label in a manner designed to silence or discredit any jew who disagrees with their politics regarding israel.
many do not accept the pre-tribulation rapture interpretation because they recognize that it is not clearly expressed in the bible, but instead relies on extrapolations and inferences made from unconnected verses.	many do not accept the pre-tribulation rapture interpretation because they believe that it is not clearly expressed in the bible, but instead relies on extrapolations and inferences made from unconnected verses.
it is located in east jerusalem, which was seized by israel in 1967 but is still claimed as the capital of the future state of palestine.	it is located in east jerusalem, which was captured by israel in 1967 but is still claimed as the capital of the future state of palestine.
she is nicknamed flying squirrel for her aerial exploits on the uneven bars.	she is nicknamed flying squirrel for her aerial performance on the uneven bars.
she was no relation to leni riefenstahl, the notorious german filmmaker.	she was no relation to leni riefenstahl, the notable german filmmaker.
most of eads is now designated as being in the memphis reserve, meaning that memphis can seize it at some point.	most of eads is now designated as being in the memphis reserve, meaning that memphis can annex it at some point.
in north america, the series is narrated by mike rowe, while bill petrie reads from the same tautological north american narrative and provides a regionally familiar accent for the english speaking viewers of the show in europe.	in north america, the series is narrated by mike rowe, while bill petrie reads from the same north american narrative and provides a regionally familiar accent for the english speaking viewers of the show in europe.
trayvon martin could have been me 35 years ago refers to a controversial speech given by president barack obama on july 19, 2013. president obama spoke in response to the public outcry caused by the not guilty verdict in the george zimmerman trial, following the shooting death of florida teenager trayvon martin.	trayvon martin could have been me 35 years ago refers to a speech given by president barack obama on july 19, 2013. president obama spoke in response to the public outcry caused by the not guilty verdict in the george zimmerman trial, following the shooting death of florida teenager trayvon martin.
"in his writing and media appearances, delingpole regularly expresses a viewpoint that man-made climate change is not as extensive as it is described in the mainstream scientific opinion on climate change, and has linked alarmist projections concerning climate change with ""the atavistic impulse which leads generation after generation to believe it is the chosen one: the generation so special that it and it alone will be the one privileged to experience the end of the world; and the generation so egotistical that it imagines itself largely responsible for that imminent destruction""."	"in his writing and media appearances, delingpole regularly expresses a viewpoint that man-made climate change is not as extensive as it is described in the mainstream scientific opinion on climate change, and has linked mainstream scientific projections concerning climate change with ""the atavistic impulse which leads generation after generation to believe it is the chosen one: the generation so special that it and it alone will be the one privileged to experience the end of the world; and the generation so egotistical that it imagines itself largely responsible for that imminent destruction""."
"the list of inductees includes: (for 2006) actor jim nabors; (for 2004) actress / comedienne brett butler and actor johnny mack brown; (for 2003) director / producer tom cherones and singer / actor nat king cole; (for 2002) actor george ""goober"" lindsey, actor dean jones, composer / lyricist hugh martin; (for 2001) author truman capote, singer / actress rebecca luker and the film to kill a mockingbird; (for 2000) actress lois wilson, singer / actress nell carter, actress polly holliday and film director john badham; (for 1999) actress tallulah bankhead, actress / comedienne / author fannie flagg and philanthropists and patrons of the arts mr. and mrs. winton m. blount."	"the list of inductees includes: (for 2006) actor jim nabors; (for 2004) actress / comedian brett butler and actor johnny mack brown; (for 2003) director / producer tom cherones and singer / actor nat king cole; (for 2002) actor george ""goober"" lindsey, actor dean jones, composer / lyricist hugh martin; (for 2001) author truman capote, singer / actress rebecca luker and the film to kill a mockingbird; (for 2000) actress lois wilson, singer / actress nell carter, actress polly holliday and film director john badham; (for 1999) actress tallulah bankhead, actress / comedienne / author fannie flagg and philanthropists and patrons of the arts mr. and mrs. winton m. blount."
the maury povitch show, 1999	the maury povich show, 1999
on august 8th, 2014, at approximately 12 noon (cdt), without any warning until after the changeover happened, kzep's classic rock format moved to 93.3 k227bh and kzep's hd2 channel, as kzep flipped to a classic-leaning rhythmic chr format as hot 104.5, launching with 10,000 songs in a row, as most radio stations usually launch with.	on august 8th, 2014, at approximately 12 noon (cdt), without warning until after the changeover happened, kzep's classic rock format moved to 93.3 k227bh and kzep's hd2 channel, as kzep flipped to a classic-leaning rhythmic chr format as hot 104.5, launching with 10,000 songs in a row, as most radio stations usually launch with.
blip is a platform for high-quality web series and also offers a dashboard for producers of original web series to distribute and monetize their productions.	blip is a platform for web series and also offers a dashboard for producers of original web series to distribute and monetize their productions.
"during the ""al aqsa"" intifada the palestinians have attempted to kill innocent israelis using suicide bombers nearly every single day."	"during the ""al aqsa"" intifada the palestinians have attempted to kill israelis using suicide bombers nearly every single day."
in that year the local authority in glasgow abolished the selectivity process and the school gradually became a comprehensive school serving its natural catchment area of glasgow's west end.	in that year the local authority in glasgow abolished the selectivity process and the school gradually became a comprehensive school serving its geographical catchment area of glasgow's west end.
they were known to have advocated the traditional medical practices of prophet muhammad's time (those mentioned in the qur'an).	they were known to have advocated the traditional medical practices of muhammad's time (those mentioned in the qur'an).
research towards further honours has thus far included the medical profession in liverpool and the poor in victorian london (henry mayhew, charles booth, beatrice webb) as well as extensive research in family history and demographics.	research towards further honours has thus far included the medical profession in liverpool and the poor in victorian london (henry mayhew, charles booth, beatrice webb) as well as research in family history and demographics.
steyn's writing draws supporters and detractors for content but his distinctive expression is generally admired.	steyn's writing draws supporters and detractors for content but his distinctive expression is admired.
bad religion is an influential punk rock band that was originally formed in southern california in 1980 by jay bentley (bass), greg graffin (vocals), brett gurewitz (guitars) and jay ziskrout (drums).	bad religion is an punk rock band that was originally formed in southern california in 1980 by jay bentley (bass), greg graffin (vocals), brett gurewitz (guitars) and jay ziskrout (drums).
balhae (or bohai in chinese) (698 - 926), also known as jin , was a korean kingdom occupying the northern korean peninsula and parts of manchuria and the russian far east.	balhae (or bohai in chinese) (698 - 926), also known as jin , was a kingdom occupying the northern korean peninsula and parts of manchuria and the russian far east.
however, most fans view pokmon battling as just a friendly competition between two teams of pokmon and their trainers.	however, most fans view pokmon battling as a friendly competition between two teams of pokmon and their trainers.
"steven r. ""steve"" schirripa (born circa 1958) is an american actor, best known for playing bobby baccalieri in the sopranos."	"steven r. ""steve"" schirripa (born circa 1958) is an american actor, known for playing bobby baccalieri in the sopranos."
compared to conventional vehicles, phevs can reduce air pollution and dependence on petroleum, and lessen greenhouse gas emissions that cause global warming.	compared to conventional vehicles, phevs can reduce air pollution and dependence on petroleum, and lessen greenhouse gas emissions that contribute to global warming.
though winding and often narrow, highcliff road is a popular route with tourists, as its location allows for spectacular views across the peninsula and harbour.	though winding and often narrow, highcliff road is a popular route with tourists, as its location allows for views across the peninsula and harbour.
following the presidential election held on december 27, the electoral commission in controversial circumstances declared kibaki the winner on december 30 2007, despite widespread evidence of electoral malpractices, placing him ahead of odinga by about 232,000 votes.	following the presidential election held on december 27, the electoral commission in controversial circumstances declared kibaki the winner on december 30 2007, despite evidence of electoral malpractices, placing him ahead of odinga by about 232,000 votes.
muni optimistically estimates that the central subway will carry roughly 78,000 riders per day by 2030. this line will head north and west from the caltrain depot before passing underground into a new subway tunnel.	muni estimates that the central subway will carry roughly 78,000 riders per day by 2030. this line will head north and west from the caltrain depot before passing underground into a new subway tunnel.
he is the head of the deposed royal house of hanover and pretender to the thrones of the former kingdom of hanover and the former duchy of brunswick.	he is the head of the deposed royal house of hanover and claimant to the thrones of the former kingdom of hanover and the former duchy of brunswick.
objectivism is a philosophy created by the russian-american philosopher and novelist ayn rand	objectivism is a philosophy defined by the russian-american philosopher and novelist ayn rand
uri geller (born december 20, 1946 in tel aviv, israel) is a controversial performer and television personality made famous by his outlandish claims to have genuine psychic powers.	uri geller (born december 20, 1946 in tel aviv, israel) is a controversial performer and television personality made famous by his claims to have genuine psychic powers.
tea sugareva (born 5 december 1989 in sofia) is a young bulgarian poet.	tea sugareva (born 5 december 1989 in sofia) is a bulgarian poet.
woody allen (born december 1, 1935), is an american short story writer, screenwriter, and film director whose large body of important work and cerebral style have made him one of the most widely respected and prolific filmmakers in the modern era.	woody allen (born december 1, 1935), is an american short story writer, screenwriter, and film director whose large body of work and cerebral style have made him one of the most widely respected and prolific filmmakers in the modern era.
1942, u.s. president franklin d. roosevelt signs executive order 9066 on february 19, uprooting japanese americans, except in hawai'i, to be sent to detainment camps.	1942, u.s. president franklin d. roosevelt signs executive order 9066 on february 19, uprooting japanese americans, except in hawai'i, to be sent to internment camps.
his first comedienne was mabel normand, who became a major star (and with whom he embarked on a tumultuous personal relationship).	his first female comedian was mabel normand, who became a major star (and with whom he embarked on a tumultuous personal relationship).
she co-starred with comedienne imogene coca on broadway in the girls in 509. in october 1963, she and ruth gates appeared in a one-act play, opening night, which played in off-broadway.	she co-starred with comedian imogene coca on broadway in the girls in 509. in october 1963, she and ruth gates appeared in a one-act play, opening night, which played in off-broadway.
"also, he was presented with the opportunity to play a part in peter jackson's ""king kong"" (2005); however, he could sadly not accept because it happened to interfere with the tv project he was currently working on."	"also, he was presented with the opportunity to play a part in peter jackson's ""king kong"" (2005); however, he could not accept because it happened to interfere with the tv project he was currently working on."
chicks with guns is a photo-book featuring unsettling portraits of american women from different backgrounds with their firearms.	chicks with guns is a photo-book featuring portraits of american women from different backgrounds with their firearms.
trained in the al-qaeda terrorist training camp al farouq, and was subsequently detained in guantanamo bay prison.	trained in the al-qaeda training camp al farouq, and was subsequently detained in guantanamo bay prison.
he is a graduate of carleton college and the prestigious new york university school of law .	he is a graduate of carleton college and the new york university school of law.
popular trick -taking games include ambition, whist, bridge,	trick -taking games include ambition, whist, bridge,
national expenditures on pharmaceuticals accounted for only 12.9% of total health care costs, compared to an oecd average of 17.7% (2003 figures).	national expenditures on pharmaceuticals accounted for 12.9% of total health care costs, compared to an oecd average of 17.7% (2003 figures).
"the mass expulsion of ethnic minorities was supposedly legitimized by the 1945 potsdam conference, which called for resettlement to be conducted in an ""orderly and humane manner."""	"the mass expulsion of ethnic minorities was legitimized by the 1945 potsdam conference, which called for resettlement to be conducted in an ""orderly and humane manner."""
joseph nechvatal (1951- ) is a pioneering post-conceptual artist and art theoretician known for creating computer-robotic assisted paintings and computer software animations; often using custom created computer viruses.	joseph nechvatal (1951- ) is a post-conceptual artist and art theoretician known for creating computer-robotic assisted paintings and computer software animations; often using custom created computer viruses.
in 1556 he was working in vienna, where he died between 1560 and 1563. there are by this artist several landscapes, etched in a dark, unpleasant style; and also some portraits, etched and finished with the graver, which possess considerable merit.	in 1556 he was working in vienna, where he died between 1560 and 1563. there are by this artist several landscapes, etched in a dark, forbidding style; and also some portraits, etched and finished with the graver, which possess considerable merit.
constantine bodin (/konstantin bodin, , konstantn bdin; 10721101) was the serbian ruler of duklja, from 1081 to 1101, succeeding his father, mihailo vojislavljevi ( 10501081).	constantine bodin (/konstantin bodin, , konstantn bdin; 10721101) was the ruler of duklja, from 1081 to 1101, succeeding his father, mihailo vojislavljevi ( 10501081).
kalinka: a frivolous song about a snowball tree.	kalinka: a song about a snowball tree .
this was published during the mid-to-late 1960s over several issues of reamy's twice hugo award-nominated science fiction fanzine trumpet; the adaptation was never completed, though there were revived plans underway to do so at the time of reamy's untimely death in late 1977.	this was published during the mid-to-late 1960s over several issues of reamy's twice hugo award-nominated science fiction fanzine trumpet; the adaptation was never completed, though there were revived plans underway to do so at the time of reamy's death in late 1977.
one of his dazzling achievements is a calculation of noah's ark capacity.	one of his achievements is a calculation of noah's ark capacity.
in the 2003 film hitler: the rise of evil, british actor robert glenister plays drexler, although drexler is inaccurately portrayed without his trademark spectacles and moustache.	in the 2003 film hitler: the rise of evil, british actor robert glenister plays drexler, although drexler is portrayed without his trademark spectacles and moustache.
"shortly after september 1984, a front cover showed a picture of a royal sprog (harry, presumably) under the headline, ""another fucking royal parasite""."	"shortly after september 1984, a front cover showed a picture of a royal (harry, presumably) under the headline, ""another fucking royal parasite""."
israeli jets hit the power plant, along with two key bridges, early wednesday morning as the precursor to a slowly building invasion of the gaza strip intended to secure the release of gilad shalit, a french-israeli soldier who was captured by palestinian militants sunday in a cross-border raid.	israeli jets hit the power plant, along with two bridges, early wednesday morning as the precursor to a slowly building invasion of the gaza strip intended to secure the release of gilad shalit, a french-israeli soldier who was captured by palestinian militants sunday in a cross-border raid.
three film adaptations have been made of the story told by the books: the first, by animator ralph bakshi, was released in 1978 (as the first part of what was originally intended to be a two-part adaptation of the story); the second, a 1980 television special; and the third, director peter jackson's epic film trilogy, released in three installments in 2001, 2002, and 2003, which starred elijah wood as the character frodo baggins.	three film adaptations have been made of the story told by the books: the first, by animator ralph bakshi, was released in 1978 (as the first part of what was originally intended to be a two-part adaptation of the story); the second, a 1980 television special; and the third, director peter jackson's film trilogy, released in three installments in 2001, 2002, and 2003, which starred elijah wood as the character frodo baggins.
"each item can be linked to one or more ""folders"" (by manual assignment, basic text matching, or with a free 'addon extension' by complex regular expression, relational lookup, computational, and even lua, perl, javascript, vbscript, or python programmatic assignments) which function as a fields in a database."	"each item can be linked to one or more ""folders"" (by manual assignment, basic text matching, or with a free 'addon extension' by complex regular expression, relational lookup, computational, and lua, perl, javascript, vbscript, or python programmatic assignments) which function as a fields in a database."
horton came in greece in 1893 and left greece after 30 years in 1924. during two different periods he was the us consul to zmir/smyrna, the first time between 1911-1917 (till the cessation of diplomatic relations between the u.s. and the ottoman empire during the first world war) and the second time between 1919-1922, during the greek liberation of the city in the course of the greco-turkish war.	horton came in greece in 1893 and left greece after 30 years in 1924. during two different periods he was the us consul to zmir/smyrna, the first time between 1911-1917 (till the cessation of diplomatic relations between the u.s. and the ottoman empire during the first world war) and the second time between 1919-1922, during the greek occupation of the city in the course of the greco-turkish war.
the city of cremona is especially famous for its musical history and traditions, including some of the earliest and most renowned luthiers, such as guarneri and stradivari.	the city of cremona is especially noted for its musical history and traditions, including some of the earliest and most renowned luthiers, such as guarneri and stradivari.
one interpretation of this latter mural suggests that the judge in question is the famous 'hanging judge', matthew begbie, suggesting the subjugation of natives to colonial law.	one interpretation of this latter mural suggests that the judge in question is the famous judge ', matthew begbie, suggesting the subjugation of natives to colonial law.
"in that '70s show, red repeats the word ""hip"" while stoned until it loses meaning."	"in that '70s show, red repeats the word ""hip"" while on drugs until it loses meaning."
dinah christie, singer, comedienne , and canadian television personality.	dinah christie, singer, comedian , and canadian television personality.
unfortunately it will probably never be known since ovarian cancer is a relatively rare disease with an overall lifetime risk in women of only 1/70, with a median age of onset of 60 years.	it will probably never be known since ovarian cancer is a relatively rare disease with an overall lifetime risk in women of only 1/70, with a median age of onset of 60 years.
moreover , with the enactment of the interstate commerce act of 1887, the sherman anti-trust act, the federal government began to assume an increasing role in regulating and directing the country's economy.	additionally , with the enactment of the interstate commerce act of 1887, the sherman anti-trust act, the federal government began to assume an increasing role in regulating and directing the country's economy.
"after the tragic death of her mother in 1861, longfellow took on something of a caretaker role to her two younger sisters, which arguably solidified her ""graveness"" as described in her father's 1859 poem."	"after the death of her mother in 1861, longfellow took on something of a caretaker role to her two younger sisters, which arguably solidified her ""graveness"" as described in her father's 1859 poem."
greenpeace got its start opossing nuclear weapons.	greenpeace got its start opposing nuclear weapons.
a few of the many great restaurants in portland, maine.	a few of the many restaurants in portland, maine.
in fact, his reputation was so controversial, it was not until 1931 that president harding's marble memorial colonnade in marion was ably dedicated by herbert hoover.	in fact, his reputation was so controversial, it was not until 1931 that president harding's marble memorial colonnade in marion was dedicated by herbert hoover.
kirby was invited to be a member of the actors studio in 2006, less than six months before his passing .	kirby was invited to be a member of the actors studio in 2006, less than six months before his death .
his activism in liberal politics is present in many sectors of society:	his activism in progressive politics is present in many sectors of society:
the artificial sweetener aspartame has been the subject of vigorous public controversy regarding its safety and the circumstances around its approval.	the artificial sweetener aspartame has been the subject of public controversy regarding its safety and the circumstances around its approval.
in contrast to its large consonant inventory, adyghe has only three phonemic vowels in a classic vertical vowel system.	in contrast to its large consonant inventory, adyghe has only three phonemic vowels in a vertical vowel system.
the country's recent history has seen it ravaged by the soviet invasion of afghanistan, the rise and fall of the taliban, and the united states liberation of afghanistan in 2001.	the country's recent history has seen it ravaged by the soviet invasion of afghanistan, the rise and fall of the taliban, and the united states invasion of afghanistan in 2001.
2012 burgas terrorist attack	2012 burgas attack
many high schools offer a wide variety of elective courses, although the availability of such courses depends upon each particular school's financial resources and desired curriculum emphases.	many secondary schools offer a wide variety of elective courses, although the availability of such courses depends upon each particular school's financial resources and desired curriculum emphases.
cajamarca's place in history is secured by the tragedy of 1532. atahualpa had beaten his brother huscar in a battle for the inca throne in quito.	cajamarca's place in history is secured by the events of 1532. atahualpa had beaten his brother huscar in a battle for the inca throne in quito.
joan rivers (19332014), american comedienne and talk show host	joan rivers (19332014), american comedian and talk show host
pepsico's other drink brands, including mountain dew and gatorade, also have a variety of famous spokesmen .	pepsico's other drink brands, including mountain dew and gatorade, also have a variety of famous spokespersons .
the vice-president, ali belhadj, a younger and less educated algiers preacher who had already played a significant role in the october demonstrations, made aggressively radical speeches that rallied dissatisfied lower-class youth and alarmed non-islamists with his clear-cut rejection of democracy and repressive views on women.	the vice-president, ali belhadj, a younger and less educated algiers preacher who had already played a significant role in the october demonstrations, made aggressively radical speeches that rallied dissatisfied lower-class youth and alarmed non-islamists with his clear-cut rejection of democracy and conservative views on women.
the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is the main tamil liberation organization operating in sri lanka.	the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is the main tamil anti-government organization operating in sri lanka.
wu also received a juris doctor degree from yale in 1982. wu is the first and only chinese american to serve in the u.s. house of representatives.	wu also received a juris doctor degree from yale in 1982. wu is the first and only taiwanese american to serve in the u.s. house of representatives.
this designation was unveiled at the cap congress in 1999 and already more than 200 people carry this distinction.	this designation was unveiled at the cap congress in 1999 and more than 200 people carry this distinction.
in the u.s., mtv and vh1 provided intermittent and incomplete live and taped coverage, frequently breaking away mid-song for commercials or inane commentary by their veejays.	in the u.s., mtv and vh1 provided intermittent and incomplete live and taped coverage, frequently breaking away mid-song for commercials or commentary by their veejays.
gorgeous pupa of common indian crow	silvery pupa of common indian crow
1915 - the so-called armenian genocide began with a massacre of hundreds of prominent armenians in constantinople (now istanbul).	1915 - the armenian genocide began with a massacre of hundreds of prominent armenians in constantinople (now istanbul).
it is suggested that because the maya were so skilled as traders, they may have spared themselves from the wrath of the malicious aztec empire.	it is suggested that because the maya were so skilled as traders, they may have spared themselves from the wrath of the expanding aztec empire.
false interpretation of sharia	interpretation of sharia
the party's policies are nationalist, racist and anti-immigration/multiculturalism.	the party's policies are nationalist, and anti-immigration/multiculturalism.
"she gained some unexpected fame in the 1980s when comedians such as david letterman and howard stern tracked down her landmark lavender jane loves women album, and began playing phrases from the song ""view from gay head"" on the air."	"she gained some unexpected fame in the 1980s when comedians such as david letterman and howard stern tracked down her lavender jane loves women album, and began playing phrases from the song ""view from gay head"" on the air."
other forms of web service exist, which expose their own arbitrary sets of operations such as via wsdl and soap.	other forms of web service exist, which expose their own idiosyncratic sets of operations such as via wsdl and soap.
in december 1999, amoruso issued a public apology for making racist comments against borussia dortmund's nigerian striker victor ikpeba, after initially denying that he had.	in december 1999, amoruso issued a public apology for making racist comments against borussia dortmund's nigerian striker victor ikpeba, after initially trying to deny that he had.
unfortunately , sniper attacks have continued since this date in baghdad with the same tactics.	however , sniper attacks have continued since this date in baghdad with the same tactics.
the photograph of the cuttlefish to the right is an excellent example of the rule of thirds.	the photograph of the cuttlefish to the right is an example of the rule of thirds.
he was murdered by the provisional irish republican army at his family home, tynan abbey.	he was killed by the provisional irish republican army at his family home, tynan abbey.
"the earth liberation front (elf) is a loosely-knit ecoterrorist organization that, according to the elf, ""uses direct action in the form of economic sabotage to stop the exploitation and destruction of the natural environment"" , mainly in the united states and canada."	"the earth liberation front (elf) is a loosely-knit terrist organization that, according to the elf, ""uses direct action in the form of economic sabotage to stop the exploitation and destruction of the natural environment"" , mainly in the united states and canada."
the use of neo-nazi symbols like spelling ultras sur with runic ss and violence against supporters of other clubs, including the murder of a real sociedad fan, has made spanish authorities quite concerned about ultra activities.	the use of neo-nazi symbols like spelling ultras sur with runic ss and violence against supporters of other clubs, including the murder of a real sociedad fan, has made spanish authorities very concerned about ultra activities.
dragnet, syndicated as badge 714, is a long-running radio and television crime drama about the cases of a dedicated los angeles police detective, sergeant joe friday, and his partners.	dragnet, syndicated as badge 714, is a radio and television crime drama about the cases of a dedicated los angeles police detective, sergeant joe friday, and his partners.
"note that, according prc propaganda , in the spratly islands area, the definition of ""island"" is applied very liberally to reefs and artificial islands."	"note that, according prc, in the spratly islands area, the definition of ""island"" is applied very liberally to reefs and artificial islands."
much use of rubb buildings has been made by military units, particularly the royal air force (raf), which used rubb aircraft hangars in the falkland islands, at raf stanley, to house harrier and phantom fighters after the liberation of the islands in 1982.	much use of rubb buildings has been made by military units, particularly the royal air force (raf), which used rubb aircraft hangars in the falkland islands, at raf stanley, to house harrier and phantom fighters after the recapture of the islands in 1982.
important to these debates around authenticity, the work of writers such as paul gilroy and alexander weheliye, contends that unlike disco, jazz, r&b, house, and other black created genres that have seen quick, if not immediate, appropriation by whites, hip hop has been largely controlled by african americans for decades.	important to these debates around authenticity, the work of writers such as paul gilroy and alexander weheliye, contends that unlike disco, jazz, r&b, house, and other black created genres that have seen quick, if not immediate, adoption by whites, hip hop has been largely controlled by african americans for decades.
peaceful protests at the pipeline site have continued and drawn indigenous people from throughout north america as well as other supporters.	protests at the pipeline site have continued and drawn indigenous people from throughout north america as well as other supporters.
"callan is also known for his brilliantly acerbic book reviews despite being described by the critic clive james as ""having the literary sensibilities of a vampire bat""."	"callan is also known for his acerbic book reviews despite being described by the critic clive james as ""having the literary sensibilities of a vampire bat""."
"some of the first 100 mhz dx chips had a buggy hlt state, prompting the developers of linux to implement a ""no-hlt"" option for use when running on those chips, but this was fixed in later chips."	"some of the first 100 mhz dx chips had a buggy hlt state, prompting the developers of linux to implement a ""no-hlt"" option for use when running on those chips, but this was changed in later chips."
his inventions vastly reduced the cost of ploughing farmland, and also enabled the drainage of previously uncultivated land in many parts of the world.	his inventions significantly reduced the cost of ploughing farmland, and also enabled the drainage of previously uncultivated land in many parts of the world.
i only have eyes for you is a popular romantic love song by composer harry warren and lyricist al dubin, written for the film dames (1934) where it was introduced by dick powell and ruby keeler.	i only have eyes for you is a romantic love song by composer harry warren and lyricist al dubin, written for the film dames (1934) where it was introduced by dick powell and ruby keeler.
following the murder of sitting bull, short bull was imprisoned at fort sheridan, illinois.	following the fatal shooting of sitting bull, short bull was imprisoned at fort sheridan, illinois.
this consonantal root has the general meaning of to share (nadwi - vocabulary of the holy qur'an) .	this consonantal root has the general meaning of to share (nadwi - vocabulary of the qur'an ) .
the exclusive brethren maintain a very isolationist and traditional view, with many of their children home schooled, a strict smart dress code for church meetings and members commonly self employed or working for christian organisations.	the exclusive brethren maintain a very isolationist and traditional view, with many of their children home schooled, a strict dress code for church meetings and members commonly self employed or working for christian organisations.
tourists are drawn there due to breathtaking views of its cliffs facing the atlantic ocean.	tourists are drawn there due to impressive views of its cliffs facing the atlantic ocean.
barbiturates are the same class of drug used in medically assisted suicide, but it is the only drug used, in contrast to the three- poison cocktail typically employed for capital punishment.	barbiturates are the same class of drug used in medically assisted suicide, but it is the only drug used, in contrast to the three- drug cocktail typically employed for capital punishment.
the site had been empty and awaiting redevelopment when in 2004 it emerged that the supermarket chain tesco wished to develop a 24-hour operation there, in the face of huge local opposition.	the site had been empty and awaiting redevelopment when in 2004 it emerged that the supermarket chain tesco wished to develop a 24-hour operation there, in the face of local opposition.
the 133 en bn carries on the proud lineage and traditions of the 20th maine.	the 133 en bn carries on the lineage and traditions of the 20th maine.
january is the coldest month, with high temperatures averaging only 26f (-4c), with the overnight low temperatures around 11f (-12c).	january is the coldest month, with high temperatures averaging 26f (-4c), with the overnight low temperatures around 11f (-12c).
"formerly known as ""110,"" nyu law recently renamed the vending machine- rich lounge."	"formerly known as ""110,"" nyu law recently renamed the vending machine- filled lounge."
an idf military commander said that hamas terrorists are beginning to desert battle and refuse orders.	an idf military commander said that hamas militants are beginning to desert battle and refuse orders.
however, those who believe in racial profiling believe this is not racism , as statistically russians drink more alcohol than most other races .	however, those who believe in racial profiling believe this is not racism , as statistically russians drink more alcohol than most other nationalities .
the urartians also possessed a native hieroglyphic script, but in later urartu this script was restricted to use in accounting and religion.	the people of urartu also possessed a native hieroglyphic script, but in later urartu this script was restricted to use in accounting and religion.
people's choice is one of the nation's leading credit unions, with over 350,000 members, and more than 7.4 billion australian dollars funds under management and advice.	people's choice is one of the nation's largest credit unions, with over 350,000 members, and more than 7.4 billion australian dollars funds under management and advice.
"another point that has always been taken for granted is, ""if carriers can provide multiple classes of service, they certainly have the right to sell it without government intervention""."	"another point that has always been taken for granted is, ""if carriers can provide multiple classes of service, they have the right to sell it without government intervention""."
8) gives some excerpts from this revolting work.	8) gives some excerpts from this work.
from 1970 to 1976, blumenthal served in the united states marine corps reserve, where he earned the rank of sergeant.	from 1970 to 1976, blumenthal served in the united states marine corps reserve, where he obtained the rank of sergeant.
significant achievements included the us and uk-orchestrated1953 iranian coup d'tat, the 1961 bay of pigs invasion targeting cuba, and support for the argentinian dirty war, in addition to the us's traditional area of operations, central america and the caribbean.	significant involvements included the us and uk-orchestrated1953 iranian coup d'tat, the 1961 bay of pigs invasion targeting cuba, and support for the argentinian dirty war, in addition to the us's traditional area of operations, central america and the caribbean.
chinese nationalists organized boycotts of the french-owned retail chain carrefour in major chinese cities including kunming, hefei and wuhan, accusing the french nation of pro-splittist conspiracy and anti-chinese racism.	chinese protesters organized boycotts of the french-owned retail chain carrefour in major chinese cities including kunming, hefei and wuhan, accusing the french nation of pro-splittist conspiracy and anti-chinese racism.
although the play was called back on an offsides penalty against alabama, miami would have declined the penalty and kept the touchdown if not for teague's legendary play.	although the play was called back on an offsides penalty against alabama, miami would have declined the penalty and kept the touchdown if not for teague's play.
"further, the ""gloom and doom"" scenarios constructed by peak oil proponents are said to fail to consider the proven viability of backstop technologies such as ethanol-based fuels, coal liquefaction via the proven karrick process, and other substitutes for crude oil."	"further, the ""gloom and doom"" scenarios constructed by peak oil proponents are said to fail to consider the proven viability of backstop technologies such as ethanol-based fuels, coal liquefaction via the karrick process, and other substitutes for crude oil."
"besides being one of the most beautiful examples of persian poetry, this book relies on a clever word play between the words simorgh a mysterious bird in iranian mythology which is a symbol often found in sufi literature, and similar to the phoenix bird and ""si morgh"" meaning ""thirty birds"" in persian."	"besides being one of the most celebrated examples of persian poetry, this book relies on a clever word play between the words simorgh a mysterious bird in iranian mythology which is a symbol often found in sufi literature, and similar to the phoenix bird and ""si morgh"" meaning ""thirty birds"" in persian."
"timewave zero, also known as novelty theory, is a pseudoscientific theory that purports to calculate the ebb and flow of ""novelty"" in the universe as an inherent quality of time."	"timewave zero, also known as novelty theory, is a theory that purports to calculate the ebb and flow of ""novelty"" in the universe as an inherent quality of time."
a posthumous official mixtape titled osirus featuring many new songs was released in march 2005 but unfortuently odb's unfinished roc-a-fella album a son unique has yet to be officially released.	a posthumous official mixtape titled osirus featuring many new songs was released in march 2005 but odb's unfinished roc-a-fella album a son unique has yet to be officially released.
they were the creation of a man named vic mills who just happened to work for procter & gamble, and was looking for an easier way to diaper his granddaughter .	they were the creation of a man named vic mills who just happened to work for procter & gamble, and was looking for an easier way to diaper his grandchildren .
he finally got another leading film role in 2004 when he played the title role in the comic book adaptation hellboy.	he got another leading film role in 2004 when he played the title role in the comic book adaptation hellboy.
maura harrington (born 15 september 1953) is a spokeswoman for the shell to sea campaign, currently imprisoned in mountjoy prison, ireland.	maura harrington (born 15 september 1953) is a spokeswoman for the shell to sea campaign, currently serving a sentence for assault in mountjoy prison, ireland.
he made the senator staff for the entire season, posting a winning mark (86) and a solid (3.04) era in 35 games during the club's final year before its transfer to minneapolisst.	he made the senator staff for the entire season, posting a winning mark (86) and a (3.04) era in 35 games during the club's final year before its transfer to minneapolisst.
twenty-one people of various nationalities were murdered and 51 were injured.	twenty-one people of various nationalities were killed and 51 were injured.
the idea that anakin built c-3po was also regarded by some as ludicrous .	the idea that anakin built c-3po was also regarded by some as far fetched .
jim norton (born july 19, 1968) is an unfunny american comedian hailing from new jersey.	jim norton (born july 19, 1968) is an american comedian hailing from new jersey.
these include the west bank illegal israeli settlements in the megilot regional council: vered yeriho, kalya, almog, beit ha'arava, mitzpe shalem and avnat.	these include the west bank israeli settlements in the megilot regional council: vered yeriho, kalya, almog, beit ha'arava, mitzpe shalem and avnat.
blues genius stevie ray vaughan, who struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction before becoming sober, mainly drank crown royal.	blues guitarist stevie ray vaughan, who struggled with alcoholism and drug addiction before becoming sober, mainly drank crown royal.
jack todd (born 1946 in nebraska) is an award-winning racist sports columnist for the montreal gazette since 1986. todd was an american citizen who deserted from the u.s. army to avoid being sent to fight during the vietnam war.	jack todd (born 1946 in nebraska) is an award-winning sports columnist for the montreal gazette since 1986. todd was an american citizen who deserted from the u.s. army to avoid being sent to fight during the vietnam war.
the organs of this fascinating chelicerate extend throughout many appendages because its body is too small to accommodate all of them alone.	the organs of this chelicerate extend throughout many appendages because its body is too small to accommodate all of them alone.
jdl defended the slaughtering of twenty-nine arabs in hebron by dr. baruch goldstein, an israeli physician and jdl activist, in february 1994. the organization's faq section states,	jdl defended the killing of twenty-nine arabs in hebron by dr. baruch goldstein, an israeli physician and jdl activist, in february 1994. the organization's faq section states,
michael arthur ledeen (b. los angeles, california, august 1, 1941) is a neoconservative commentator on u.s. foreign policy.	michael arthur ledeen (b. los angeles, california, august 1, 1941) is a neoconservative expert on u.s. foreign policy.
pinky and the brain was later retooled as the short-lived pinky, elmyra & the brain, which ran in the 19981999 season for only 13 episodes.	pinky and the brain was later retooled as the short-lived pinky, elmyra & the brain, which ran in the 19981999 season for 13 episodes.
it has since been alleged by democratic opponents of delay that trmpac was used to funnel illegal corporate donations into the campaigns of republican candidates for state representative.	it has since been alleged by opponents of delay that trmpac was used to funnel illegal corporate donations into the campaigns of republican candidates for state representative.
1900-1910. note the endorsement by world champion jacob schaefer sr., often spinks's opponent as a touring pro.while spinks was only somewhat notable as a player, his real contribution to cue sports was the culmination of his fascination with the chalk used by players on the leather tips of their cue sticks to better grip the cue ball.	1900-1910. note the endorsement by world champion jacob schaefer sr., often spinks's opponent as a touring pro.while spinks was only somewhat notable as a player, his lasting contribution to cue sports was the culmination of his fascination with the chalk used by players on the leather tips of their cue sticks to better grip the cue ball.
the bokeh produced by the lens at its maximum aperture is creamy smooth.	the bokeh produced by the lens at its maximum aperture is smooth.
martabak manis or sweet martabak, is a delicious rich-flavoured pancake-like sweet dish which is popular in indonesia.	martabak manis or sweet martabak, is a rich-flavoured pancake-like sweet dish which is popular in indonesia.
president bush signing the bipartisan no child left behind act at hamilton h.s.	president bush signing the no child left behind act at hamilton h.s.
this is due to the somewhat controversial nature of the prince's relationship with her, as both have previously been married and divorced, and they have been lovers for many years.	this is due to the somewhat controversial nature of the prince's relationship with her, as both have previously been married and divorced, and they have been partners for many years.
the nintendo 64 sold much more than the sega saturn, but much less than the playstation.	the nintendo 64 sold more than the sega saturn, but much less than the playstation.
the iconic cover of london calling	the cover of london calling
the tower contains eight bells and the ceiling is quite intricately decorated in parts.the busy post office in the village serves also the local shop and cafe.	the tower contains eight bells and the ceiling is quite intricately decorated in parts.the post office in the village serves also the local shop and cafe.
this led to civil war, and an anarchist movement called the black army or later the revolutionary insurrectionary army of ukraine developed in southern ukraine under the command of the famous anarchist nestor makhno during the russian civil war.	this led to civil war, and an anarchist movement called the black army or later the revolutionary insurrectionary army of ukraine developed in southern ukraine under the command of the anarchist nestor makhno during the russian civil war.
kathy greenwood (born 1962), canadian comedienne	kathy greenwood (born 1962), canadian comedian
emeritus professor and distinguished composer-performer attended matraville high school 1965-1966	emeritus professor and composer-performer attended matraville high school 1965-1966
these include the impressive documentary series wild, wild world of animals (repackaged by time life with narration by william conrad) and thames television's sober and necessarily grim the world at war.	these include the documentary series wild, wild world of animals (repackaged by time life with narration by william conrad) and thames television's sober and necessarily grim the world at war.
he built the pdf into a well-trained force, and further consolidated the dictatorship.	he built the pdf into a structured force, and further consolidated the dictatorship.
another notable feature of the console is the now defunct wiiconnect24, which enabled it to receive messages and updates over the internet while in standby mode.	another feature of the console is the now defunct wiiconnect24, which enabled it to receive messages and updates over the internet while in standby mode.
arguably, sharon osborne is another excellent example of an impressario.	arguably, sharon osborne is another example of an impressario.
"priest maxi further tells butters that he is just ""confused"" (which butters accepts, since he honestly is confused about the term), and butters is sent to camp new grace, a bi-curious camp to ""pray the gay away"" (the camp's slogan)."	"priest maxi further tells butters that he is just ""confused"" (which butters accepts, since he honestly is confused about the term), and butters is sent to camp new grace, a reparative therapy camp to ""pray the gay away"" (the camp's slogan)."
"strassel has referred to the trumprussia dossier, a collection of intelligence reports regarding donald trump's alleged connections with putin's regime compiled by ex-mi6 agent christopher steele, as ""one of the dirtiest political tricks in u.s. history"" and refuted specific components of the dossier as ""ludicrous""."	"strassel has referred to the trumprussia dossier, a collection of intelligence reports regarding donald trump's alleged connections with putin's regime compiled by ex-mi6 agent christopher steele, as ""one of the dirtiest political tricks in u.s. history"" and characterized specific components of the dossier as ""ludicrous""."
the films have remained online in their original format throughout and since the fiasco .	the films have remained online in their original format throughout and since the suspension .
), the stinkers offered other clever categories such as worst fake accent, most painfully unfunny comedy, least 'special' special effects and worst on-screen hairstyle.	), the stinkers offered other categories such as worst fake accent, most painfully unfunny comedy, least 'special' special effects and worst on-screen hairstyle.
we farm is a popular game developed by newtoy and published by ngmoco for the ios platform.	we farm is a simulation video game developed by newtoy and published by ngmoco for the ios platform.
the men's rights movement is notably anti-feminist and made up of a variety of groups and individuals who focus on numerous social issues (including family law, parenting, reproduction, domestic violence against men and opposition to circumcision) and government services (including education, compulsory military service, social safety nets, and health policies), which men's rights advocates say discriminate against men.	the men's rights movement is often described as anti-feminist and made up of a variety of groups and individuals who focus on numerous social issues (including family law, parenting, reproduction, domestic violence against men and opposition to circumcision) and government services (including education, compulsory military service, social safety nets, and health policies), which men's rights advocates say discriminate against men.
bradley also served as captain of the gold medal-winning u.s. olympic basketball team in 1964. bradley's remarkable tenure at princeton was the subject of pulitzer prize-winning author john mcphee's first book, a sense of where you are.	bradley also served as captain of the gold medal-winning u.s. olympic basketball team in 1964. bradley's tenure at princeton was the subject of pulitzer prize-winning author john mcphee's first book, a sense of where you are.
unfortunately , bad roads proved impassable to his heavy siege guns.	however , bad roads proved impassable to his heavy siege guns.
"stevens excoriated the majority decision as one that ""trivializes the two cardinal principles upon which tinker rests,"" because it ""upholds a punishment meted out on the basis of a listener's disagreement with her understanding (or, more likely, misunderstanding) of the speaker's viewpoint."""	"stevens criticized the majority decision as one that ""trivializes the two cardinal principles upon which tinker rests,"" because it ""upholds a punishment meted out on the basis of a listener's disagreement with her understanding (or, more likely, misunderstanding) of the speaker's viewpoint."""
since higher elevation are cooler than lower ones, the disappearance of the lowest portion of the glacier leaves a slower ablating remnant, thereby reestablishing equilibrium after an unfavorable climate change.	since higher elevation are cooler than lower ones, the disappearance of the lowest portion of the glacier leaves a slower ablating remnant, thereby reestablishing equilibrium after an mass reducing climate change.
the most astounded of all at the news that both hannibal and rome were in italy, when they were believed to be in spain, were the roman senate and people.	the most astounded of all at the news that both hannibal and publius were in italy, when they were believed to be in spain, were the roman senate and people.
"pakistan's representative addressed the session on behalf of the oic, denouncing the discussion and questioning the well-established concept of sexual orientation , which he said was being used to promote licentious behaviour contrary to ""the fundamental teachings of various religions, including islam""."	"pakistan's representative addressed the session on behalf of the oic, denouncing the discussion and questioning the concept of sexual orientation, which he said was being used to promote licentious behaviour contrary to ""the fundamental teachings of various religions, including islam""."
the adjective pansexual may refer to someone who identifies his/her/ their sexual orientation as pansexuality.	the adjective pansexual may refer to someone who identifies his/her/ its sexual orientation as pansexuality.
it eventually only sold 67,025 copies making the debut week 32% of the final sales.	it eventually sold 67,025 copies making the debut week 32% of the final sales.
ishaa koppikar ( 19 september 1976) is a good bollywood actress and a model.	ishaa koppikar ( 19 september 1976) is a bollywood actress and a model.
robert sessions woodworth (october 17, 1869 july 4, 1962) was an influential american academic psychologist of the first half of the twentieth century.	robert sessions woodworth (october 17, 1869 july 4, 1962) was an american academic psychologist of the first half of the twentieth century.
the game uses tile-based sprites, and the graphics are comparable to final fantasy v. the battle engine, on the other hand, uses large, over-sized sprites that allow for well-drawn , animated characters.	the game uses tile-based sprites, and the graphics are comparable to final fantasy v. the battle engine, on the other hand, uses large, over-sized sprites that allow for detailed , animated characters.
the payment terms for webmasters have also been justly criticized.	the payment terms for webmasters have also been criticized.
although he argued his case with a great amount of passion and anger, many people did not support the idea of cleaning the museum for political	although he argued his case with a great amount of passion and anger, many people did not support the idea of censoring the museum for political
increased brain serotonin and melatonin levels then result in sleepiness that has been objectively measured.	increased brain serotonin and melatonin levels result in sleepiness that has been objectively measured.
the september 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11) consisted of a series of coordinated terrorist attacks upon the united states, predominantly targeting civilians, carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001.	the september 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11) consisted of a series of coordinated attacks upon the united states, predominantly targeting civilians, carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001.
yiquan is known for having discarded adherence to form as found in its parent art, xingyiquan, in favour of several formless methods, including zhan zhuang.	yiquan is known for having discarded adherence to form as found in its parent art, xingyiquan, in favour of what are claimed to be formless methods, including zhan zhuang.
timon of athens may result from collaboration between shakespeare and thomas middleton; this might explain its incoherent plot and unusually cynical tone.	timon of athens may result from collaboration between shakespeare and thomas middleton; this might explain its unusual plot and unusually cynical tone.
1 greek- american tennis player.	1 american tennis player.
it is generally agreed that summersby and eisenhower became extremely close during the war, and some writers have suggested that they had a sexual relationship, although several people who knew both of them at the time have refuted that claim, as have most of eisenhower's biographers.	it is generally agreed that summersby and eisenhower became extremely close during the war, and some writers have suggested that they had a sexual relationship, although several people who knew both of them at the time have rejected that claim, as have most of eisenhower's biographers.
as of 2005, the special principal of ahs is robert lake.	as of 2005, the principal of ahs is robert lake.
however, the conflict had little to do with the war in europe and served mainly as a way for the dutch to gain an overseas empire and control trade at the cost of the weakened portuguese.	however, the conflict had little to do with the war in europe and served mainly as a way for the dutch to gain an overseas empire and control trade at the cost of the portuguese.
she is a graduate of the prestigious university of pennsylvania .	she is a graduate of the university of pennsylvania .
a popular diving area with abundant sea-life including manta rays and wobbegongs has been buried over since the pumping started.	a popular diving area with sea-life including manta rays and wobbegongs has been buried over since the pumping started.
the inappropriate linking of salafism to 20th and 21st century political islamic groups is often criticised by the adherents of the movement.	the linking of salafism to 20th and 21st century political islamic groups is often criticised by the adherents of the movement.
the institute's scholars have produced a series of reports on affirmative action, race and conservatism, the southern poverty law center, and its first annual report, the state of white america-2007.	the institute's authors have produced a series of reports on affirmative action, race and conservatism, the southern poverty law center, and its first annual report, the state of white america-2007.
haneef was eventually released when the director of public prosecutions withdrew its charge on july 27, 2007, whereby his passport was returned and he departed australia voluntarily on 29 july 2007. final vindication for haneef came when the cancellation of his visa was overturned by the federal court on 21 august 2007, however the disgraced immigration minister kevin andrews has indicated he is likely to appeal the decision.	haneef was released when the director of public prosecutions withdrew its charge on july 27, 2007, whereby his passport was returned and he departed australia voluntarily on 29 july 2007. final vindication for haneef came when the cancellation of his visa was overturned by the federal court on 21 august 2007, however the disgraced immigration minister kevin andrews has indicated he is likely to appeal the decision.
"the film was released on january 23, 2015. it runs for approximately 91 minutes and was granted an r rating from the mpaa for ""violence, sexual content/nudity, and language""."	"the film was released on january 23, 2015. it runs for approximately 91 minutes and was given an r rating from the mpaa for ""violence, sexual content/nudity, and language""."
two fine teahouses complete the garden: seika-tei, shingle-roofed and spare, at the southern end of the south pond; and yushin-tei, thatched and rustic with a notable round window, at the western side of the north pond.	two teahouses complete the garden: seika-tei, shingle-roofed and spare, at the southern end of the south pond; and yushin-tei, thatched and rustic with a notable round window, at the western side of the north pond.
fantasy, another name for gamma-hydroxybutyrate, a date-rape drug	fantasy, another name for gamma-hydroxybutyrate, a drug
rotten tomatoes reported only 11% of critics gave positive reviews based on eight reviews with an average score of 3/10.	rotten tomatoes reported 11% of critics gave positive reviews based on eight reviews with an average score of 3/10.
persecution of serbs conducted by schutzkorps was the first large-scale persecution of people in bosnia and herzegovina because of their ethnicity.	persecution of serbs conducted by the austro-hungarian authorities was the first large-scale persecution of people in bosnia and herzegovina because of their ethnicity.
"the waiting staff at hooters restaurants are primarily attractive young women, usually referred to simply as ""hooter girls"", whose revealing outfits and sex appeal are played up and are a primary component of the company's image."	"the waiting staff at hooters restaurants are primarily young women, usually referred to simply as ""hooter girls"", whose revealing outfits and sex appeal are played up and are a primary component of the company's image."
the self-congratulatory cover of tcj #115 (april 1987) celebrated their court victory in defending a libel suit.	the cover of tcj #115 (april 1987) celebrated their court victory in defending a libel suit.
participants in the welcome to palestine 2012 project have claimed that they want to pass through the airport in tel aviv without incident in order to go directly to the west bank where they are expected to take part in a project on the right to education for palestinian children.	participants in the welcome to palestine 2012 project have said that they want to pass through the airport in tel aviv without incident in order to go directly to the west bank where they are expected to take part in a project on the right to education for palestinian children.
the phrase may be traced to its emphatic use by nineteenth-century extreme libertarian thinker herbert spencer.	the phrase may be traced to its emphatic use by nineteenth-century libertarian thinker herbert spencer.
"we are stronger,"" he claimed ."	"we are stronger,"" he said ."
in 1910, korea was forcibly annexed by japan and remained a colony until the end of world war ii.	in 1910, korea was annexed by japan and remained a colony until the end of world war ii.
nowadays, the fourth edition is under development and it would include cool new features like packages, namespaces, explicit definition of classes and much more.	nowadays, the fourth edition is under development and it would include new features like packages, namespaces, explicit definition of classes and much more.
orville is a character from disney's 1977 animated masterpiece film, the rescuers.	orville is a character from disney's 1977 animated film, the rescuers.
her marriage has become loveless, and she even catches her husband masturbating to online pornography with a pair of panties over his face.	her marriage has become loveless, and she catches her husband masturbating to online pornography with a pair of panties over his face.
it is named in honor of the two macedonian brothers, saints cyril and methodius, who created the glagolitic alphabet earlier on.	it is named in honor of the two byzantine greek brothers, saints cyril and methodius, who created the glagolitic alphabet earlier on.
l'ombre des jeunes filles en fleurs was awarded the prestigious prix goncourt in 1919.	l'ombre des jeunes filles en fleurs was awarded the prix goncourt in 1919.
"he asked : ""could it be because we in the media elite were unwilling to publicize crimes committed by homosexuals because it didn't suit our agenda?"	"he posed the rhetorical question : ""could it be because we in the media elite were unwilling to publicize crimes committed by homosexuals because it didn't suit our agenda?"
diego cuoghi, thorough article on piri reis and oronteus maps debunking the antarctica claims.	diego cuoghi, thorough article on piri reis and oronteus maps refuting the antarctica claims.
it is now available in more than 30 languages and uses innovative item response theory to shorten the questionnaire down to under 30 minutes.	it is now available in more than 30 languages and uses item response theory to shorten the questionnaire down to under 30 minutes.
the blue coat school prides itself upon its excellent prefect model.	the blue coat school prides itself upon its prefect model.
another such society is the college historical society which shares the gmb, traces it foundation to 1770, meets each wednesday evening of term to debate motions in the chamber of the graduate memorial building, has been addressed by many great orators including winston churchill and ted kennedy, and counts among its former members many of the most prominent men and women in ireland's history.	another such society is the college historical society which shares the gmb, traces it foundation to 1770, meets each wednesday evening of term to debate motions in the chamber of the graduate memorial building, has been addressed by many notable orators including winston churchill and ted kennedy, and counts among its former members many of the most prominent men and women in ireland's history.
she is a kbs 21st class comedienne (2006) and received the best newcomer (female) award in the same year.	she is a kbs 21st class comedian (2006) and received the best newcomer (female) award in the same year.
hoerner was traded to philadelphia as part of the infamous curt flood deal on october 7, 1969. he made the national league all-star team in 1970, and his .643 winning percentage ranked sixth in the league.	hoerner was traded to philadelphia as part of the curt flood deal on october 7, 1969. he made the national league all-star team in 1970, and his .643 winning percentage ranked sixth in the league.
the next day 200 state constables and 300 deputy sheriffs insured the safety of the scabs and also began evicting strikers from company houses.	the next day 200 state constables and 300 deputy sheriffs insured the safety of the strikebreakers and also began evicting strikers from company houses.
wall of sound is a phrase used to describe the effect created by the music production techniques of legendary record producer phil spector.	wall of sound is a phrase used to describe the effect created by the music production techniques of record producer phil spector.
meanwhile in ottoman thessaloniki a revolutionary organization was founded in 1893, by a small band of anti-ottoman macedonian revolutionaries, including hadzhinikolov.	meanwhile in ottoman thessaloniki a revolutionary organization was founded in 1893, by a small band of anti-ottoman macedono-bulgarian revolutionaries, including hadzhinikolov.
neve dekalim is an israeli settlement in the occupied gaza strip, founded in 1983, after the israeli withdrawal from the sinai peninsula.	neve dekalim is an israeli settlement in the gaza strip, founded in 1983, after the israeli withdrawal from the sinai peninsula.
iconic photo of william branham taken at the sam houston coliseum in 1950.|alt=a man stands at a podium with a light colored object above his head	photo of william branham taken at the sam houston coliseum in 1950.|alt=a man stands at a podium with a light colored object above his head
to thus pressure jews to emigrate and to protect state security against jewish terrorists , he proposed racial quotas, segregation, discrimination, disenfranchisement, presaging nazi policies and apartheid and anti-immigration legislation:	to thus pressure jews to emigrate and to protect state security against jewish political activists , he proposed racial quotas, segregation, discrimination, disenfranchisement, presaging nazi policies and apartheid and anti-immigration legislation:
, but pirates soon found out that only early parts of the game were playable.	, but users of the cracked version soon found out that only early parts of the game were playable.
the rescue was temporarily halted on january 3 due to fears that the walls of the ice rink could collapse, endangering firemen , police and rescue workers.	the rescue was temporarily halted on january 3 due to fears that the walls of the ice rink could collapse, endangering firefighters , police and rescue workers.
revival of the karabakh reunification issue	revival of the karabakh issue
voltaire's efforts were successful: king louis xv received the family, and had the sentence annulled in 1764. the indignated king fired the chief magistrate of toulouse, the capitoul.	voltaire's efforts were successful: king louis xv received the family, and had the sentence annulled in 1764. the king fired the chief magistrate of toulouse, the capitoul.
the model contradicts the myth that there is one set curriculum that everyone should learn in order to become a successful adult.	the model contradicts the idea that there is one set curriculum that everyone should learn in order to become a successful adult.
on june 16, the city has been conquered by kurdish people's protection units.	on june 16, the city has been retaken by kurdish people's protection units.
"he is best known for his roles as will scarlet in the 2006 bbc drama robin hood, jeremy baines in the 2007 doctor who episodes ""human nature"" and ""the family of blood"", and viserys targaryen in the hbo series game of thrones."	"he is known for his roles as will scarlet in the 2006 bbc drama robin hood, jeremy baines in the 2007 doctor who episodes ""human nature"" and ""the family of blood"", and viserys targaryen in the hbo series game of thrones."
edwards was surprisingly released on a free at the end of the 2005-06 season by blackpool manager simon grayson.	edwards was released on a free at the end of the 2005-06 season by blackpool manager simon grayson.
harry robinson hamlin (born october 30, 1951) is an american film and television actor, known for his role as perseus in the 1981 fantasy film clash of the titans, and as michael kuzak in the acclaimed legal drama series l.a. law.	harry robinson hamlin (born october 30, 1951) is an american film and television actor, known for his role as perseus in the 1981 fantasy film clash of the titans, and as michael kuzak in the legal drama series l.a. law.
this belief is rooted in the racist and xenophobic misconception that intermixing of culture destroys one or both of the cultures involved.	this belief is rooted in the racist and xenophobic notion that intermixing of culture destroys one or both of the cultures involved.
evolutionary psychology is based on the presumption that, just like hearts, lungs, livers, kidneys, and immune systems, cognition has functional structure that has a genetic basis, and therefore evolved by natural selection.	evolutionary psychology is based on the hypothesis that, just like hearts, lungs, livers, kidneys, and immune systems, cognition has functional structure that has a genetic basis, and therefore evolved by natural selection.
israel maintains it has mobilized thousands of troops in order to secure the release of corporal gilad shalit, who was captured by palestinian terrorists in israel in a raid which killed two others, and to stop qassam rocket attacks on cities and towns in israel, and has stated it will withdraw from gaza and end the operation as soon as shalit is released.	israel maintains it has mobilized thousands of troops in order to secure the release of corporal gilad shalit, who was captured by palestinian militants in israel in a raid which killed two others, and to stop qassam rocket attacks on cities and towns in israel, and has stated it will withdraw from gaza and end the operation as soon as shalit is released.
a good , free pinch analysis program is pinchleni.	a commonly used , free pinch analysis program is pinchleni.
further, the unique cross-institution data provided by fraudmap connect enhances insights into industry-wide fraud threats and trends.	further, the cross-institution data provided by fraudmap connect enhances insights into industry-wide fraud threats and trends.
cuban government-issued landing certificates held by the passengers had been shamefully invalidated by br's government during their transit.	cuban government-issued landing certificates held by the passengers had been invalidated by br's government during their transit.
she was handily re-elected in 1994.	she was re-elected in 1994.
it deals with the romance between a 12-year-old boy (dantzig) and a canadian soldier during the final spell of world war ii.	it deals with the sexual relationship between a 12-year-old boy (dantzig) and a canadian soldier during the final spell of world war ii.
ex-slave and powerful anti-slavery advocate frederick douglass (circa 184752) opposed the mexicanamerican war.	ex-slave and prominent anti-slavery advocate frederick douglass (circa 184752) opposed the mexicanamerican war.
fedex changed their main corporate signature color from purple to white for cost savings.	fedex changed their main corporate signature color from purple to white which was expected to result in cost savings.
in response to the new intel processors, a small piece of software called the apple remote helper has surfaced to allow remote use in the popular vlc media player.	in response to the new intel processors, a small piece of software called the apple remote helper has surfaced to allow remote use in the vlc media player.
for his final film, kelley provided the voice of viking 1 in the 2nd/3rd installment in the well-loved children's series the brave little toaster goes to mars.	for his final film, kelley provided the voice of viking 1 in the 2nd/3rd installment in the children's series the brave little toaster goes to mars.
unfortunately martin's dream of winning a contract was eliminated after he fractured his ankle.	however, martin's dream of winning a contract was eliminated after he fractured his ankle.
soongsil is a prestigious private christian university located at the heart of seoul.	soongsil is a private christian university located at the heart of seoul.
"her most influential book was the tyranny of greece over germany (1935), in which she argud that germany had had ""too much exposure to ancient greek literature and art."	"her most influential book was the tyranny of greece over germany (1935), in which she wrote that germany had had ""too much exposure to ancient greek literature and art."
the match finished 1-1 with yorke scoring the opening goal, a spectacular diving header just before half time.	the match finished 1-1 with yorke scoring the opening goal, a diving header just before half time.
since 2000, gold has served as president of the non-profit hasbara institute, jerusalem center for public affairs.	since 2000, gold has served as president of the non-profit policy research institute, jerusalem center for public affairs.
in 1545 she was arrested and falsely accused as a heretic.	in 1545 she was arrested and accused as a heretic.
the policy was finally dropped in august 2010 with the airline instead seating unaccompanied minors in a nondiscrminatory manner near the cabin crew.	the policy was dropped in august 2010 with the airline instead seating unaccompanied minors in a nondiscrminatory manner near the cabin crew.
any escapees could not reproduce, either natively or by interbreeding with wild stocks, because they are all triploid, with three sets of chromosomes.	they claim escapees could not reproduce, either natively or by interbreeding with wild stocks, because they are all triploid, with three sets of chromosomes.
the largest of these cities, such as los angeles, atlanta, miami, tampa, dallas, phoenix, and kansas city, have all expanded their metropolitan footprints along with houston despite having land use zoning.	the largest of these cities, such as los angeles, atlanta, miami, tampa, dallas, phoenix, and kansas city, have all expanded their metropolitan footprints along with houston while having land use zoning.
barry rubin is an american-born zionist who are expert on israeli terrorism and middle eastern affairs.	barry rubin is an american-born zionist who are expert on israeli politics and middle eastern affairs.
"although sometimes confused for hatred of all semitic peoples, the word ""anti-semitism"" was coined specifically to refer to hatred of jews."	"although sometimes used literally for hatred of all semitic peoples, the word ""anti-semitism"" was coined specifically to refer to hatred of jews."
these groups influence countries and governments to give their people justice with pressure and in manpower .	these groups influence countries and governments to give their people justice with pressure and in human resources .
abdelaziz bouteflika was easily elected after the other six candidates withdrew on the eve of the election.	abdelaziz bouteflika was elected after the other six candidates withdrew on the eve of the election.
live dates is the first live album by legendary rock band wishbone ash.	live dates is the first live album by rock band wishbone ash.
casey serin (born september 101982 in tashkent, uzbekistan) is a real estate speculator and blogger.	casey serin (born september 101982 in tashkent, uzbekistan) is a real estate fraudster and blogger.
1949), born vicki ann axelrad, american actress, comedienne , and singer	1949), born vicki ann axelrad, american actress, comedian , and singer
sadly mozart died in april 2007.	mozart died in april 2007.
"the book was a ""publishing phenomenon"", achieving much fame in both the united states and germany, despite its ""mostly scathing"" reception among historians, who were unusually vocal in condemning it as ahistorical and, in the words of seminal holocaust historian raul hilberg, ""exceptionally wrong""."	"the book was a ""publishing phenomenon"", achieving much fame in both the united states and germany, despite its ""mostly scathing"" reception among historians, who were unusually vocal in condemning it as ahistorical and, in the words of holocaust historian raul hilberg, ""exceptionally wrong""."
her plight is being followed by amnesty international,	her situation is being followed by amnesty international,
"they enjoyed a short stint on television advertisements with a series of commercials about one frosted mini-wheat with ""split personalities;"" the sweet (frosted) side and wheat (shredded grain) side argued over who was more popular."	"they tolerated a short stint on television advertisements with a series of commercials about one frosted mini-wheat with ""split personalities;"" the sweet (frosted) side and wheat (shredded grain) side argued over who was more popular."
new atheism is a general term used to describe those early-twenty-first-century atheists who not only reject belief in the idea of gods, but also reject the idea that such belief should be respected.	new atheism is a general term used to describe early-twenty-first-century atheists who not only reject belief in the idea of gods, but also reject the idea that such belief should be respected.
in 1959, mccleary started its famous bear festival.	in 1959, mccleary started its bear festival.
he was martyred in a fierce fighting which took place inside the red mosque complex while leading a small team of ssg members.	he was killed in a fierce fighting which took place inside the red mosque complex while leading a small team of ssg members.
some voices even narrate in drastically different formats, ranging from movie-script format to stream of consciousness prose.	some voices narrate in drastically different formats, ranging from movie-script format to stream of consciousness prose.
the website contains exhaustive international news coverage, as well as british, entertainment, science, and political news.	the website contains international news coverage, as well as british, entertainment, science, and political news.
ana ivanovic (november 6 1987) is a hot serbian professional tennis player.	ana ivanovic (november 6 1987) is a serbian professional tennis player.
as actor- manager he gathered round him a small company, comprised initially of bessie foote (from theatre royal, edinburgh), eliza hamilton (from theatre royal, sadler's wells), sallie turner ( comedienne and eldest daughter of henry jameson turner of the royal strand), josephine ruth (from theatre royal, portsmouth), and marion foote; and messrs. frank barsby (from theatre royal, brighton), w. foote (theatre royal, edinburgh), e. danvers (royal strand theatre), and mr westland.	as actor- manager he gathered round him a small company, comprised initially of bessie foote (from theatre royal, edinburgh), eliza hamilton (from theatre royal, sadler's wells), sallie turner ( comedian and eldest daughter of henry jameson turner of the royal strand), josephine ruth (from theatre royal, portsmouth), and marion foote; and messrs. frank barsby (from theatre royal, brighton), w. foote (theatre royal, edinburgh), e. danvers (royal strand theatre), and mr westland.
the show was hampered by lukewarm reviews.	the show was hampered by mixed reviews.
although this has fallen out of practice in the united states, parents in many other regions of the world still rely on this time-tested practice.	although this has fallen out of practice in the united states, parents in many other regions of the world still rely on this practice.
other noted modern acts of violence against portuguese citizens by british citizens, include outrageous hooliganism during the euro 2004 football championship, which was hosted and organized in portugal.	other noted modern acts of violence against portuguese citizens by british citizens, include hooliganism during the euro 2004 football championship, which was hosted and organized in portugal.
sanchez didn't have to wait too long for a new job; after sammy mcilroy resigned as northern ireland manager following a disastrous string of results which saw them finish bottom of their euro 2004 qualification group, sanchez was surprisingly appointed as northern ireland's new manager in january 2004.	sanchez didn't have to wait too long for a new job; after sammy mcilroy resigned as northern ireland manager following a disastrous string of results which saw them finish bottom of their euro 2004 qualification group, sanchez was appointed as northern ireland's new manager in january 2004.
kate moss (born january 16 1974), is an english supermodel who has appeared on over 300 magazine covers .	kate moss (born january 16 1974), is an english model who has appeared on over 300 magazine covers .
a husband has given another credit card of his account to your wife (or, v.v.)	a husband has given another credit card of his account to his wife (or, v.v.)
house demolition in the disputed territories	house demolition in the occupied territories
"according to israel's defense minister, idf chief of staff and navy commander, the organisers are to blame for deaths from the israeli piracy attacks upon the flotilla: ""at least 15 dead ... the sail's organizers are fully responsible""."	"according to israel's defense minister, idf chief of staff and navy commander, the organisers are to blame for deaths from the israeli attacks upon the flotilla: ""at least 15 dead ... the sail's organizers are fully responsible""."
smith was eventually martvred by a mob on june 27, 1844 in carthage jail, carthage, illinois.	smith was eventually killed by a mob on june 27, 1844 in carthage jail, carthage, illinois.
now, (2006) juggalos are waiting for his next cd, mud face.	now, (2006) fans are waiting for his next cd, mud face.
miley ray cyrus (born destiny hope cyrus; november 23, 1992) is an american actress , singer-songwriter, unicef goodwill ambassador, voice actress and pop singer.	miley ray cyrus (born destiny hope cyrus; november 23, 1992) is an american actor, singer-songwriter, unicef goodwill ambassador, voice actress and pop singer.
mennonite theology emphasizes the primacy of the teachings of jesus christ as recorded in new testament scripture.	mennonite theology emphasizes the primacy of the teachings of jesus as recorded in new testament scripture.
marter was believed to have been planning a sequel at the time of his tragic death from a diabetic coma the following year.	marter was believed to have been planning a sequel at the time of his death from a diabetic coma the following year.
khan has also signed on to a film with legendary television director sultana siddiqui that will start filming in lahore towards the end of 2013.	khan has also signed on to a film with television director sultana siddiqui that will start filming in lahore towards the end of 2013.
sometimes the established church sought to suppress scientific truth, as in the case of galileo, but often the two truths were allowed to coexist, which led to the doctrine of the two truths.	sometimes the established church sought to suppress scientific truth, as in the case of galileo, but sometimes the two truths were allowed to coexist, which led to the doctrine of the two truths.
the united states congress votes to repeal the don't ask, don't tell policy, which prohibits openly gay people from serving in the u.s. military.	the united states congress votes to repeal the don't ask, don't tell policy, which prohibits openly homosexual people from serving in the u.s. military.
this only occurred on market with sulfur -rich petrol.	this only occurred on market with sulphur -rich petrol.
"according to her parents, when she was born steve yelled out ""bindi"" (the name of his favourite female crocodile at the australia zoo), and terri yelled out ""sue"" (the name of steve irwin's trusty dog), thus giving her the name ""bindi sue"" ."	"according to her parents, when she was born steve yelled out ""bindi"" (the name of his favourite female crocodile at the australia zoo), and terri yelled out ""sue"" (the name of steve irwin's dog), thus giving her the name ""bindi sue"" ."
pike's controversial book morals and dogma does mention hostility to the papal tiara by the historical knights templar when discussing the kadosh degree.	pike's book morals and dogma does mention hostility to the papal tiara by the historical knights templar when discussing the kadosh degree.
fukushima daiichi nuclear disaster	fukushima daiichi nuclear meltdown
microsoft powerpoint, usually just called powerpoint, is a non-free commercial presentation program developed by microsoft.	microsoft powerpoint, usually just called powerpoint, is a proprietary commercial presentation program developed by microsoft.
nato uses t english numeric words (zero, one, with some alternative pronunciations), whereas the imo uses compound numeric words (nadazero, unaone).	nato uses the regular english numeric words (zero, one, with some alternative pronunciations), whereas the imo uses compound numeric words (nadazero, unaone).
christy nicole turlington (born january 2, 1969 in walnut creek, california) is an american supermodel best known for representing calvin klein fragrances since 1987. she grew up in danville, california, with a british commercial pilot father and salvadoran flight attendant mother of british descent, whose name is maria elena parker from santa ana, el salvador.	christy nicole turlington (born january 2, 1969 in walnut creek, california) is an american model best known for representing calvin klein fragrances since 1987. she grew up in danville, california, with a british commercial pilot father and salvadoran flight attendant mother of british descent, whose name is maria elena parker from santa ana, el salvador.
graham maintains that he only became aware of this situation following a formal inquiry led by justice dennis o'connor.	graham has said that he only became aware of this situation following a formal inquiry led by justice dennis o'connor.
"in 2004, archbishop cox again made headlines, when he commissioned an old trawler, consecrated it and renamed it ""the little bishop"" in order to protest against the abortion ship being sailed into ireland by pro- abortion feminist group women on waves."	"in 2004, archbishop cox again made headlines, when he commissioned an old trawler, consecrated it and renamed it ""the little bishop"" in order to protest against the abortion ship being sailed into ireland by pro- choice feminist group women on waves."
the riverense portuol/portunhol, also known as fronterizo/fronteirio or just portuol/portunhol, is a variety of portuguese (linguasphere language code 51-aaa-am ) with strong influences from spanish.	the riverense portuol/portunhol, also known as fronterizo/fronteirio or just portuol/portunhol, is a variety of portuguese (linguasphere language code 51-aaa-am ) with influences from spanish.
i get up is a single that was released in 2003 by legendary australian band inxs.	i get up is a single that was released in 2003 by australian band inxs.
india has already done some similar kind of experimental transformations to ingenuous missiles and pilotless target aircraft lakshya-ii came up as an upshot of one of the ventures.	india has already done some similar kind of experimental transformations to other missiles and pilotless target aircraft lakshya-ii came up as an upshot of one of the ventures.
"john deehan (nicknamed after ""dixie dean"", better player than manager)"	"john deehan (nicknamed after ""dixie dean"", more success as player than manager)"
it is also a major centre of education and research, home to the world-renowned university of toronto and york university amongst other universities and colleges.	it is also a major centre of education and research, home to the university of toronto and york university amongst other universities and colleges.
ariel sharon, 85, israeli statesman and general, minister of defense (19811983), prime minister (20012006), heart failure.	ariel sharon, 85, israeli politician and general, minister of defense (19811983), prime minister (20012006), heart failure.
the castle zagyg series is written for the castles and crusades game, which is very similar to older (1st and 2nd) editions of advanced dungeons & dragons.	the castle zagyg series is written for the castles and crusades game, which is similar to older (1st and 2nd) editions of advanced dungeons & dragons.
povray - a historical raytracer.	pov-ray - a historical raytracer.
the 1987 hipercor bombing was a car bomb attack by the basque terrorist organisation eta which occurred on 19 june 1987 at the hipercor shopping centre on avinguda meridiana, barcelona, spain.	the 1987 hipercor bombing was a car bomb attack by the basque separatist organisation eta which occurred on 19 june 1987 at the hipercor shopping centre on avinguda meridiana, barcelona, spain.
seattle is also the birthplace of rock legend jimi hendrix and the alternative rock style grunge.	seattle is also the birthplace of rock musician jimi hendrix and the alternative rock style grunge.
the pride of the monks was the monastery's garden which had many exotic flora, such as the tibetan wild roses presented to the monks by agvan dorzhiev, a famous lama.	the pride of the monks was the monastery's garden which had many exotic flora, such as the tibetan wild roses presented to the monks by agvan dorzhiev, a lama.
many major international chains are based there .	many major international chains are based in the united states .
lasting from the late 1940s when the ogaden region was illegally handed over to ethiopia by the british till present, the tensions culminated in three wars and numerous military clashes alongside the borders.	lasting from the late 1940s when the ogaden region was handed over to ethiopia by the british till present, the tensions culminated in three wars and numerous military clashes alongside the borders.
heaven worship was, for thousands of years, the orthodox state cult of imperial china.	heaven worship was, for thousands of years, the orthodox state religion of imperial china.
still terrorists battle against coalition forces and newly formed iraqi institutions in some pockets, hampering the emergence of post-war stability.	still terrorist s attack civilian targets and insurgents, in some cases the same groups, battle against coalition forces and newly formed iraqi institutions in some pockets, hampering the emergence of post-war stability.
he was accussed by some for denying internationally recognized srebrenica genocide.	he was criticized by some for denying internationally recognized srebrenica genocide.
during this time, hutchence's relationship with kylie minogue ended, then he dated danish supermodel helena christensen before starting a relationship with paula yates, whom he had met some years earlier during an interview and who was still married to bob geldof.	during this time, hutchence's relationship with kylie minogue ended, then he dated danish model helena christensen before starting a relationship with paula yates, whom he had met some years earlier during an interview and who was still married to bob geldof.
it tells the story of a vigilante superhero, john hancock (smith), from los angeles whose behavior routinely cost the city millions of dollars.	it tells the story of a vigilante superhero, john hancock (smith), from los angeles whose reckless actions routinely cost the city millions of dollars.
the jeff foxworthy show is the name of two short-lived television series starring comedian jeff foxworthy and based on foxworthy's stand-up comedy routine.	the jeff foxworthy show is the name of two television series starring comedian jeff foxworthy and based on foxworthy's stand-up comedy routine.
capucine (6 january 192817 march 1990) was a french fashion model and actress best known for her comedic roles in the pink panther (1963) and what's new pussycat?	capucine (6 january 192817 march 1990) was a french fashion model and actress known for her comedic roles in the pink panther (1963) and what's new pussycat?
pepsi free was the subject of a scene in the classic 1985 film back to the future.	pepsi free was the subject of a scene in the 1985 film back to the future.
a beautiful rose with dew on the petals, from the international rose test garden.	a rose with dew on the petals, from the international rose test garden.
"quotes from her sharp rebuttal include ""throwing out preclearance when it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet."	"quotes from her rebuttal include ""throwing out preclearance when it has worked and is continuing to work to stop discriminatory changes is like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet."
with flashy money/sex/drugs rhymes laid over catchy production from clark kent, ez elpee, and others, the m.a.f.i.a.	with flashy money/sex/drugs rhymes laid over production from clark kent, ez elpee, and others, the m.a.f.i.a.
smith also alleged that d'souza subsequently filed for divorce on october 4, 2012, the very same day smith talked to him.	smith also alleged that d'souza subsequently filed for divorce on october 4, 2012, the same day smith talked to him.
the iconic bust of nefertiti, now thought to be a copy dating from 1912, is part of the gyptisches museum berlin collection, currently on display in the altes museum.	the iconic bust of nefertiti, now claimed by one art historian to be a copy dating from 1912, is part of the gyptisches museum berlin collection, currently on display in the altes museum.
wadysaw gomuka saw it as clearly aimed at countering his propaganda, which saw west germany as the main external enemy of poland and hostility between poland and the west germany as one of the main guarantees of social order in the so-called recovered territories.	wadysaw gomuka saw it as clearly aimed at countering his propaganda, which saw west germany as the main external enemy of poland and hostility between poland and the west germany as one of the main guarantees of social order in the recovered territories.
the famous hurling player joe deane, who played for cork as a left full forward, was born in killeagh.	the inter-county hurling player joe deane, who played for cork as a left full forward, was born in killeagh.
holly aird, (born 18 may 1969, aldershot, hampshire) is an english television actress known for playing forensic pathologist frankie wharton in the bbc1 drama series waking the dead, having previously starred in productions such as soldier soldier and the 1997 film fever pitch alongside colin firth.	holly aird, (born 18 may 1969, aldershot, hampshire) is an english television actor known for playing forensic pathologist frankie wharton in the bbc1 drama series waking the dead, having previously starred in productions such as soldier soldier and the 1997 film fever pitch alongside colin firth.
the area's main public recreational facility is normanton park, opened in 1909; this date is proudly recorded on the clock-tower over the small building used as a tea room.	the area's main public recreational facility is normanton park, opened in 1909; this date is recorded on the clock-tower over the small building used as a tea room.
a small minority of climate scientists and scientists in related fields have expressed opposition to the scientific consensus on global warming.	a minority of climate scientists and scientists in related fields have expressed opposition to the scientific consensus on global warming.
germany was at least tied for first in each of the three votes, and ended up defeating south africa by only one vote after an odd abstention (see below).	germany was at least tied for first in each of the three votes, and ended up defeating south africa by only one vote after an abstention (see below).
of the 500 detainees still imprisoned at guantanamo bay, hicks is one of only four detainees formally charged with offences.	of the 500 detainees still imprisoned at guantanamo bay, hicks is one of four detainees formally charged with offences.
french open, a major (grand slam) tennis tournament self-styled as roland-garros	french open, a major (grand slam) tennis tournament also know as roland-garros
the sons of korhal are a military organization in the amazing fictional starcraft universe, founded after the destruction of the colony world of korhal.	the sons of korhal are a military organization in the fictional starcraft universe, founded after the destruction of the colony world of korhal.
raja looks up to artists such as jagjeet singh and the late great nusrat fateh ali khan.	raja looks up to artists such as jagjeet singh and the late nusrat fateh ali khan.
kmvp could be sold to another company, which might also bring back the espn radio brand and some of the shows dropped by ktar (for example, mike and mike in the morning has been replaced by the god-awful doug and wolf show).	kmvp could be sold to another company, which might also bring back the espn radio brand and some of the shows dropped by ktar (for example, mike and mike in the morning has been replaced by the doug and wolf show).
the connection between the writing and the pronunciation of the tangut language is even more tenuous than that between chinese writing and the modern chinese languages .	the connection between the writing and the pronunciation of the tangut language is even more tenuous than that between chinese writing and the modern chinese varieties .
in 1983, the band released into the unknown, a keyboard-driven psychadelic rock album that was enormously unpopular with the band's core fanbase.	in 1983, the band released into the unknown, a keyboard-driven psychadelic rock album that was unpopular with the band's core fanbase.
following the armistice with germany ending the first world war, the french army entered metz in november 1918 to great cheering from the population , and the city was returned to france at the treaty of versailles in 1919.	following the armistice with germany ending the first world war, the french army entered metz in november 1918 to great cheering from the population , and the city was transfered to france at the treaty of versailles in 1919.
omega 7 was an anti-castro cuban exile terrorist group based in florida.	omega 7 was an anti-castro cuban exile group based in florida.
her victory was partially the result of a bitter divide between conservatives and moderates within the kansas republican party.	her victory was partially the result of a divide between conservatives and moderates within the kansas republican party.
das kapital, kritik der politischen konomie (; capital: critique of political economy), by karl marx, is a critical analysis of political economy, meant to reveal the economic laws of the capitalist mode of production.	das kapital, kritik der politischen konomie (; capital: critique of political economy), by karl marx, is a critical analysis of political economy, intended to reveal the economic laws of the capitalist mode of production.
the term was proposed by the international astronomical union (iau), but has not been widely accepted by astronomers.	the term was proposed by the international astronomical union (iau), but has not been widely used by astronomers.
the serbian partisans (partizani) began what would come to be known as the war of liberation in yugoslavia on june 22, 1941, when their first armed unit was formed in brezovica near sisak.	the croatian partisans (partizani) began what would come to be known as the war of liberation in yugoslavia on june 22, 1941, when their first armed unit was formed in brezovica near sisak.
ii canadian corps engaged in combat operations in north-west europe from the beginning of july 1944 to just before ve day in early may 1945. during the battle of normandy, the corps was used to spearhead the costly british-canadian advance from caen to falaise.	ii canadian corps engaged in combat operations in north-west europe from the beginning of july 1944 to just before ve day in early may 1945. during the battle of normandy, the corps was used to spearhead the british-canadian advance from caen to falaise.
it is a british red ensign design, featuring the union flag in the canton, defaced with the shield of the coat of arms of canada.	it is a british red ensign design, featuring the union flag in the canton, with the shield of the coat of arms of canada.
queenie van de zandt is an australian theatre actress, singer, comedienne and writer.	queenie van de zandt is an australian theatre actress, singer, comedian and writer.
been a far-left democratic member of the united states house of representatives since 1993, representing the 6th district of california.	been a progressive democratic member of the united states house of representatives since 1993, representing the 6th district of california.
however, while israel saw the utilization of bulldozers as a security necessity, it drew controversy for the great destruction it caused to the palestinians, especially in rafah and in jenin (during operation defensive shield).	however, while israel saw the utilization of bulldozers as a security necessity, it drew controversy for the destruction it caused to the palestinians, especially in rafah and in jenin (during operation defensive shield).
parts of both slaithwaite and marsden, which is approximately two miles further south down the valley, were used to create the village called 'skelthwaite' in the british tv show where the heart is.	parts of both slaithwaite and marsden, which is approximately two miles further south along the valley, were used to create the village called 'skelthwaite' in the british tv show where the heart is.
jozef chovanec (born 7 march 1960 in doln kokovce, czechoslovakia) is a slovak football player and later a football manager.	jozef chovanec (born 7 march 1960 in doln kokovce, czechoslovakia) is a czech football player and later a football manager.
the anglican churches believe their bishops to be in apostolic succession, although there is some difference of opinion with regard to whether ordination is to be regarded as a sacrament.	the anglican churches hold their bishops to be in apostolic succession, although there is some difference of opinion with regard to whether ordination is to be regarded as a sacrament.
given that many incidents take place in the occupied palestinian territories, it includes all behavior that might be considered a violation of the protocols regarding the obligations of both the occupying power and the occupied people in international law as formulated by the geneva conventions, and specifically in the fourth geneva convention.	given that many incidents take place in the palestinian territories, it includes all behavior that might be considered a violation of the protocols regarding the obligations of both the occupying power and the occupied people in international law as formulated by the geneva conventions, and specifically in the fourth geneva convention.
"in september 1991, he left a current affair to host the maury povich show, which was nationally syndicated and distributed by warner bros. television in partnership with povich's production company ""mopo productions"" and in national syndication from 1991 to 1998."	"in september 1991, he left a current affair to host the maury povich show, which was nationally syndicated and distributed by warner brothers television in partnership with povich's production company ""mopo productions"" and in national syndication from 1991 to 1998."
"in india, its country of origin, ""yoga"" refers to an ancient system of physical and mental disciplines that aim to culture an enlightened state of mind characterized by profound wisdom, calmness, and imperturbable happiness."	"in india, its country of origin, ""yoga"" refers to an ancient system of physical and mental disciplines that aim to culture an extraordinary state of mind characterized by profound wisdom, calmness, and imperturbable happiness."
ironically, the year after godden left the team, the knights won their first premiership in 1997 with a 22-16 win over the bob fulton coached manly-warringah sea eagles thanks to a last minute try to flying winger darren albert.	ironically, the year after godden left the team, the knights won their first premiership in 1997 with a 22-16 win over the bob fulton coached manly-warringah sea eagles thanks to a last minute try to winger darren albert.
"universal studios is a famous ""hollywood"" movie studio located at 100 universal city plaza drive in universal city, california, which is in the san fernando valley."	"universal studios is a ""hollywood"" movie studio located at 100 universal city plaza drive in universal city, california, which is in the san fernando valley."
"unlike most recent oscar campaigns, toy story 3s ""not since..."" campaign drew a lot of attention during the holiday period, emphasizing on the film's uniqueness and universal critical acclaim."	"unlike most recent oscar campaigns, toy story 3s ""not since..."" campaign drew a lot of attention during the holiday period, emphasizing on the film's uniqueness and tremendous critical acclaim."
la coka nostra (or short lcn) is an american hip-hop supergroup , comprised mainly of all former members of house of pain, one former member of non phixion and various other mcs and producers.	la coka nostra (or short lcn) is an american hip-hop group , comprised mainly of all former members of house of pain, one former member of non phixion and various other mcs and producers.
many migrant workers are employed there as part of a program to alleviate manpower shortages; 200,000 young uyghurs (many of whom do not speak the local language) have been sent to guangdong since early 2008.	many migrant workers are employed there as part of a program to alleviate labour shortages; 200,000 young uyghurs (many of whom do not speak the local language) have been sent to guangdong since early 2008.
"the book gender and computers: understanding the digital divide proclaims that the lack of participation of females in computing excludes them from the ""new economy"", which calls for sophisticated computer skills in exchange for high salary positions."	"the book gender and computers: understanding the digital divide states that the lack of participation of females in computing excludes them from the ""new economy"", which calls for sophisticated computer skills in exchange for high salary positions."
zimmermann thus contributed to the success of the october revolution.	zimmermann thus contributed to the outcome of the october revolution.
over 95% of people that have been diagnosed with as are hla-b27 positive, although this ratio varies from population to population ( only 50% of african american patients with as possess hla-b27, and it is close to 80% among as patients from mediterranean countries).	over 95% of people that have been diagnosed with as are hla-b27 positive, although this ratio varies from population to population ( about 50% of african american patients with as possess hla-b27, and it is close to 80% among as patients from mediterranean countries).
"potassium chloride makes up 70% of ace hardware's allegedly pet and vegetation-friendly ""ice melt"" though inferior in melting quality to calcium chloride (0 f v. 25 f)."	"potassium chloride makes up 70% of ace hardware 's pet and vegetation-friendly ""ice melt"" though inferior in melting quality to calcium chloride (0 f v. 25 f)."
nasa made spectacular explorations in the space program johnson had championed since its start.	nasa made new explorations in the space program johnson had championed since its start.
"in giving her the prestigious award, the society recognized johnson for her ""lifetime achievement"" in the field."	"in giving her the award, the society recognized johnson for her ""lifetime achievement"" in the field."
cosby, considered by many a role model and patriarch of sorts in the black community, drew criticism from dyson and others for wrongfully attacking poor urban blacks by blaming them for the long-standing social and economic ills that afflict them.	cosby, considered by many a role model and patriarch of sorts in the black community, drew criticism from dyson and others for attacking poor urban blacks by blaming them for the long-standing social and economic ills that afflict them.
most acidophilic organism have evolved extremely efficient mechanisms to pump proteins out of the intracellular space in order to keep the cytoplasm at or near neutral ph.	most acidophilic organism have evolved extremely efficient mechanisms to pump protons out of the intracellular space in order to keep the cytoplasm at or near neutral ph.
notable ss and police leaders	select ss and police leaders
bijou video also has acquired and is restoring a large collection of vintage gay pornographic films, magazines, photos, and posters.	bijou video also has acquired and is restoring a collection of vintage gay pornographic films, magazines, photos, and posters.
the death of general ulysses s. grant in 1885 was the occasion for elaborate commemoration.	the death of general ulysses s. grant in 1885 was the occasion for commemoration.
nevertheless, george and martha made a good marriage, since martha was intelligent, gracious, and experienced in managing a slave plantation.	nevertheless, george and martha made a compatible marriage, since martha was intelligent, gracious, and experienced in managing a slave plantation.
in recent times, a retarded subculture has developed that has adopted the word therianthropy to describe a sense of inner spiritual or psychological identification with a non-human animal.	in recent times, a subculture has developed that has adopted the word therianthropy to describe a sense of inner spiritual or psychological identification with a non-human animal.
with his infamous stage show that features guillotines, electric chairs, fake blood, boa constrictors and baby dolls, amongst other things, cooper had drawn equally from horror movies, vaudeville and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and violent brand of hard rock that was designed to shock.	with his stage show that features guillotines, electric chairs, fake blood, boa constrictors and baby dolls, amongst other things, cooper had drawn equally from horror movies, vaudeville and garage rock to pioneer a grandly theatrical and violent brand of hard rock that was designed to shock.
sadly this specimen was incomplete and lacked a head and neck.	this specimen was incomplete and lacked a head and neck.
"classic lines include, ""mammy, mammy, the sun shines east, the sun shines west,"" and ""i'd walk a million miles for one of your smiles, my mammy!"""	"lines include, ""mammy, mammy, the sun shines east, the sun shines west,"" and ""i'd walk a million miles for one of your smiles, my mammy!"""
peltier was wrongly convicted in 1976 and is serving two consecutive life sentences, making him a widely recognized american political prisoner.	peltier was convicted in 1976 and is serving two consecutive life sentences, making him a widely recognized american political prisoner.
"mark kermode also considered it the best of allen's london films, but noted allen was just ""treading water""."	"mark kermode also considered it the best of allen's london films, but believed allen was just ""treading water""."
in some cases this support for blue dogs came about because the republican opponent (former representative, now senator tom coburn) was seen as holding radical right wing views; in other cases the support is because in some states like tennessee (where native son al gore lost the state's electoral votes to george w. bush in 2000, costing the vice-president the election), oklahoma, and utah, a conservative democrat is seen as the only kind of democrat who can be viable at the polls.	in some cases this support for blue dogs came about because the republican opponent (former representative, now senator tom coburn) was seen as holding strong right wing views; in other cases the support is because in some states like tennessee (where native son al gore lost the state's electoral votes to george w. bush in 2000, costing the vice-president the election), oklahoma, and utah, a conservative democrat is seen as the only kind of democrat who can be viable at the polls.
"in september 2006, john west, a senior fellow of the discovery institute began a campaign to have the american library association declare the book the ""banned book of the year"", but this was dismissed quickly by deborah caldwell-stone, deputy director of the american library association's office for intellectual freedom who does not consider the book banned."	"in september 2006, john west, a senior fellow of the discovery institute began a campaign to have the american library association declare the book the ""banned book of the year"", but this was dismissed by deborah caldwell-stone, deputy director of the american library association's office for intellectual freedom who does not consider the book banned."
he has hosted several variety television shows in south korea, including the hugely popular programs infinite challenge and running man.	he has hosted several variety television shows in south korea, including the popular programs infinite challenge and running man.
however, the webcomic often finds itself the victim of criticism.	however, the webcomic often finds itself the target of criticism.
in the 21st century the chinese version of the conflict, present on many official websites, wrongly describes the events of march 1969 as a soviet aggression against china.	in the 21st century the chinese version of the conflict, present on many official websites, describes the events of march 1969 as a soviet aggression against china.
"however, a poster on the something awful forums later revealed that this was only one of several factors that caused them to be shut down: ""it was not the gnaa who killed 4chan (i quite like them actually), or really the moronic users, it was a man named chris, who goes by the name therowan and runs a business that shuts you down if you fail to play along."""	"however, a poster on the something awful forums later stated that this was only one of several factors that caused them to be shut down: ""it was not the gnaa who killed 4chan (i quite like them actually), or really the moronic users, it was a man named chris, who goes by the name therowan and runs a business that shuts you down if you fail to play along."""
"haj as'ad hassouneh, a survivor of the death march, shared his recollection in 1996: the jews came and they called among the people: ""you must go."""	"haj as'ad hassouneh, a survivor of the march, shared his recollection in 1996: the jews came and they called among the people: ""you must go."""
coughlin was vilified in the press as a nazi sympathiser by cartoonist theodor seuss geisel, best known for his children's books written under the pen name of dr. seuss.	coughlin was attacked in the press as a nazi sympathiser by cartoonist theodor seuss geisel, best known for his children's books written under the pen name of dr. seuss.
at the time of the establishment of the colony, vancouver island had a large and varied indian population of upwards of 30,000. douglas completed fourteen separate treaties with the various nations, or tribes.	at the time of the establishment of the colony, vancouver island had a large and varied first nations population of upwards of 30,000. douglas completed fourteen separate treaties with the various nations, or tribes.
after a spectacular design by architect h.r.	after a design by architect h.r.
upan autumn mandala at a waldorf school in australia	upan autumn nature table at a waldorf school in australia
"for instance, a sea otter named ""whiskers"" was observed nefariously luring a husky, ""tuk"", into the water, killing it, and raping its dead body."	"for instance, a sea otter named ""whiskers"" was observed luring a husky, ""tuk"", into the water, killing it, and raping its dead body."
established in 2004 by amy and gareth nelson, aff soon received supportive letters from such autism experts as simon baron-cohen, tony attwood and donna williams, as well as press from publications such as new scientist magazine .	established in 2004 by amy and gareth nelson, aff has received supportive letters from such autism experts as simon baron-cohen, tony attwood and donna williams, as well as press from publications such as new scientist magazine .
other studies furthermore suggest that autistic traits are common in people with anorexia nervosa, shared traits include e.g.	other studies suggest that autistic traits are common in people with anorexia nervosa, shared traits include e.g.
if the contestant makes a correct guess on the car, he wins everything.	if the contestant makes a correct guess on the car, the contestant wins everything.
denis healey is a founder member of the secretive bilderberg group.	denis healey is a founder member of the bilderberg group.
parahexyl was made illegal under un convention in 1982 on the basis of its structural similarity and similar effects profile to thc, despite never having had any recorded instances of abuse by humans or illicit sale.	parahexyl was made illegal under un convention in 1982 on the basis of its structural similarity and similar effects profile to thc, despite never having had any recorded instances of recreational use by humans or illicit sale.
in 2006, a woman who lost her sight in a car accident had a similar procedure performed on her in portugal which gave her the ability to see object outlines and differences in light.	in 2006, a woman who lost her sight in a car crash had a similar procedure performed on her in portugal which gave her the ability to see object outlines and differences in light.
he may leave for the 2006-2007 season to bigger clubs such as fc porto and bolton wanderers.	he may leave for the 2006-2007 season to clubs such as fc porto and bolton wanderers.
in serbo-croatian , the letter only represents the sound /v/.	in serbian , the letter only represents the sound /v/.
he grew up in a flat (which was considered quite large for a family of three in the soviet union at that time).	he grew up in a apartment (which was considered quite large for a family of three in the soviet union at that time).
on 5 november, both ypg and fsa signed a truce, promising release of detainees and closer cooperation in fight against the assad regime .	on 5 november, both ypg and fsa signed a truce, promising release of detainees and closer cooperation in fight against the assad government .
with a healthy population of 752, brea was incorporated on february 23, 1917, as the eighth official city of orange county.	with a population of 752, brea was incorporated on february 23, 1917, as the eighth official city of orange county.
he is indicted for being part of the 1999 serb crackdown on kosovar albanian citizens.	he is indicted for being part of the 1999 serb crackdown on kosovo albanian citizens.
with all of indiana finally observing daylight saving time as of 2006, the hour adjustments for local time kickoffs is no longer necessary for the colts.	with all of indiana observing daylight saving time as of 2006, the hour adjustments for local time kickoffs is no longer necessary for the colts.
02 november, 2004 - california voters overwhelmingly approve proposition 71, which provides $3 billion in state funds over ten years to human embryonic stem cell research.	02 november, 2004 - california voters approve proposition 71, which provides $3 billion in state funds over ten years to human embryonic stem cell research.
the harvard crimson is the nation's oldest continuously published daily college newspaper and is doordropped to student rooms.	the harvard crimson claims to be the nation's oldest continuously published daily college newspaper and is doordropped to student rooms.
near the end of the run whiteman introduced comedienne judy canova, who inherited timeslot and sponsor in the woodbury rippling rhythm revue.	near the end of the run whiteman introduced comedian judy canova, who inherited timeslot and sponsor in the woodbury rippling rhythm revue.
ann althouse (born 1951) is an american law professor and republican blogger.	ann althouse (born 1951) is an american law professor and blogger.
prior to these performances, he had not played neutral milk hotel songs in public since 2001. at the lexington, ky stop, mangum joined scott spillane and julian koster led concertgoers outside the venue to a nearby tree.	prior to these performances, he had not played neutral milk hotel songs in public since 2001. at the lexington, ky stop, mangum , scott spillane and julian koster led concertgoers outside the venue to a nearby tree.
he then valiantly plunged into the enemy ranks and eventually died in battle.	he then plunged into the enemy ranks and eventually died in battle.
the amber spyglass won the 2001 whitbread book of the year award, a prestigious british literature award, making it the first children's novel to receive the honor.	the amber spyglass won the 2001 whitbread book of the year award, a british literature award, making it the first children's novel to receive the honor.
the whole scene satirizes product placement (burger king is a major sponsor of both the real arrested development and fictitious scandalmakers), with weathers joyfully remarking that all pop refills at burger king are totally free.	the whole scene satirizes product placement (burger king is a major sponsor of both the real arrested development and fictitious scandalmakers), with weathers joyfully remarking that all soft drink refills at burger king are totally free.
birla senior secondary school in pilani is one of the good boarding schools in india.	birla senior secondary school in pilani is one of the boarding schools in india.
this embarrassing result forced a realignment of the west german team that would later help them win the cup.	this result forced a realignment of the west german team that would later help them win the cup.
another turbulent point for the armenian community of turkey was the highly publicized public trial of the armenian gunman and one of the perpetrators of the operation , the 25-years old levon ekmekjian, who was found guilty and eventually hanged at ankara's civilian prison on january 30, 1983. he had been sentenced to death in september 1982 after having confessed that he had carried out the airport attack with another gunman on behalf of asala, and despite the fact that he publicly condemned violent acts during his own trial and appealed to the armenian militants to stop the violence.	another turbulent point for the armenian community of turkey was the highly publicized public trial of the armenian gunman and one of the perpetrators of the attack , the 25-years old levon ekmekjian, who was found guilty and eventually hanged at ankara's civilian prison on january 30, 1983. he had been sentenced to death in september 1982 after having confessed that he had carried out the airport attack with another gunman on behalf of asala, and despite the fact that he publicly condemned violent acts during his own trial and appealed to the armenian militants to stop the violence.
the name oneida is derived from the english mispronunciation of onyota'a:ka, the people's name for themselves.	the name oneida is derived from the english pronunciation of onyota'a:ka, the people's name for themselves.
games like starcraft are played like a sport and are actually aired on tv on stations such as gomtv and mbc.	games like starcraft are played like a sport and are aired on tv on stations such as gomtv and mbc.
churchill also condensed the six-volumes into a single bulky volume.	churchill also condensed the six-volumes into a single large volume.
based on markedly declining 2006 market data, including lower sales, rising inventories, falling median prices, and increased foreclosure rates, some economists have concluded that the crash in the u.s. housing market began in 2006.	based on markedly declining 2006 market data, including lower sales, rising inventories, falling median prices, and increased foreclosure rates, some economists have concluded that the correction in the u.s. housing market began in 2006.
"the pirate bay torrent website, formed by a swedish anti-copyright group, is notorious for the ""legal"" section of its website in which letters and replies on the subject of alleged copyright infringements are publicly displayed."	"the pirate bay torrent website, formed by a swedish anti-copyright group, is noted for the ""legal"" section of its website in which letters and replies on the subject of alleged copyright infringements are publicly displayed."
is an american comedienne , actress, author, and television personality.	is an american comedian , actress, author, and television personality.
hms ocean, an active warship of the royal navy, is sunderland's adopted ship.	hms ocean, an active helicopter landing platform of the royal navy, is sunderland's adopted ship.
"on december 27, 2012, wku honored oldham in a pregame ceremony in which the court at ea diddle arena was christened ""john oldham court."""	"on december 27, 2012, wku honored oldham in a pregame ceremony in which the court at ea diddle arena was named ""john oldham court."""
969's proponents see this as a muslim plot to conquer burma in the 21st century, based on the implausible premise that 7 plus 8 plus 6 is equal to 21. the number 969 is intended be 786's cosmological opposite.	969's proponents see this as a muslim plot to conquer burma in the 21st century, based on the premise that 7 plus 8 plus 6 is equal to 21. the number 969 is intended be 786's cosmological opposite.
chaunt wayans (born 1982), american actress, comedienne and editor	chaunt wayans (born 1982), american actress, comedian and editor
further, wagley describes an interesting annual gift exchange ceremony that served to distribute excess wealth among the less fortunate.	further, wagley describes an annual gift exchange ceremony that served to distribute excess wealth among the less fortunate.
radio 1rph 1125 khz canberra (89.5fm wagga, 99.5fm junee) is a volunteer manned am band radio broadcast station in the australian capital territory serving all of the act and surrounding areas of nsw including queanbeyan, yass and michelago, with fm repeaters at wagga and junee, and a streaming media on its web site.	radio 1rph 1125 khz canberra (89.5fm wagga, 99.5fm junee) is a volunteer staffed am band radio broadcast station in the australian capital territory serving all of the act and surrounding areas of nsw including queanbeyan, yass and michelago, with fm repeaters at wagga and junee, and a streaming media on its web site.
the novel introduced the now infamous concept of the ever present all-seeing big brother, the notorious room 101, the thought police who use telescreens (televisions that contain a surveillance camera—they are found in everyone's home), and the fictional language newspeak (pronounced news-speak').	the novel introduced the now widely known concept of the ever present all-seeing big brother, the notorious room 101, the thought police who use telescreens (televisions that contain a surveillance camera—they are found in everyone's home), and the fictional language newspeak (pronounced news-speak').
PUNCT ADP NUM PUNCT ADJ NOUN NOUN NOUN NOUN NOUN NOUN VERB DET ADJ ADJ ADJ PART VERB ADP ADJ ADV VERB NOUN NOUN PUNCT ADV VERB ADJ ADJ ADJ NOUN ADP VERB DET ADJ VERB NOUN NOUN NOUN ADP DET NOUN PUNCT VERB ADP NOUN NOUN PUNCT CCONJ ADV VERB DET ADJ NOUN ADP NOUN ADP DET NUM NOUN PUNCT	punct prep pobj punct amod compound compound compound compound compound nsubj ROOT det dobj dobj dobj aux xcomp prep poss advmod amod compound pobj punct advmod advcl amod amod amod dobj prep pcomp det amod amod attr attr attr prep det pobj punct prep prep compound pobj punct cc advmod conj det amod attr prep pobj prep det nummod pobj punct
electroplankton is an interactive music video game developed by the famous japanese multimedia artist toshio iwai and published by nintendo for the nintendo ds portable gaming system.	electroplankton is an interactive music video game developed by the japanese multimedia artist toshio iwai and published by nintendo for the nintendo ds portable gaming system.
de grasse was decisively defeated the following year by admiral rodney at the battle of the saintes, where he was captured.	de grasse was defeated the following year by admiral rodney at the battle of the saintes, where he was captured.
vice-president of the international court of justice, judge al-khasawneh, sharply dissented:	vice-president of the international court of justice, judge al-khasawneh, dissented:
the legendary bbc radio 1 disc jockey, john peel, djed at the nag's head pub (now the wollaston inn) in the late 1960s and early 1970s.	the well known bbc radio 1 disc jockey, john peel, djed at the nag's head pub (now the wollaston inn) in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
the ecce homo is an 1896 painting by award-winning filipino painter and hero juan luna.	the ecce homo is an 1896 painting by award-winning filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna.
"william martin leake in 1856 repeated the etymological linkage of ""aesop"" with ""aethiop"" when he suggested that the ""head of a negro"" found on several coins from ancient delphi (with specimens dated as early as 520 bc ) might depict aesop, presumably to commemorate his execution at delphi, but theodor panofka supposed the head to be a portrait of delphos, founder of delphi, a view more widely accepted by later historians."	"william martin leake in 1856 repeated the etymological linkage of ""aesop"" with ""aethiop"" when he suggested that the ""head of a negro"" found on several coins from ancient delphi (with specimens dated as early as 520 bc ) might depict aesop, presumably to commemorate his execution at delphi, but theodor panofka supposed the head to be a portrait of delphos, founder of delphi, a view more widely repeated by later historians."
many beverly students have wealthy parents connected to the entertainment industry.	some beverly students have wealthy parents connected to the entertainment industry.
on february 7, 2006, congress called upon prominent members of the technology industry to testify on behalf of the standard, including vinton cerf, the inventor of tcp/ip, and current vice president and chief internet evangelist at google.	on february 7, 2006, congress called upon prominent members of the technology industry to testify on behalf of the standard, including vinton cerf, the inventor of tcp/ip, and current vice president and chief internet supervisor at google.
gossip girl is a series of brain-numbing novels written for teenagers, by cecily von ziegesar.	gossip girl is a series of novels written for teenagers, by cecily von ziegesar.
in common speech, the term vagina is often used improperly to refer to the vulva or female genitals generally, although, strictly speaking, the vagina is a specific internal structure, whereas the vulva is the exterior genitalia.	in common speech, the term vagina is often used to refer to the vulva or female genitals generally, although, strictly speaking, the vagina is a specific internal structure, whereas the vulva is the exterior genitalia.
it was founded on may 28, 1892 in san francisco, california by the well-known conservationist and preservationist john muir, who became its first president.	it was founded on may 28, 1892 in san francisco, california by the conservationist and preservationist john muir, who became its first president.
only nine were born elsewhere: four (butler, fitzsimons, mchenry, and paterson) in ireland, two (davie and robert morris) in england, two (wilson and witherspoon) in scotland, and one (hamilton) in the west indies.	nine were born elsewhere: four (butler, fitzsimons, mchenry, and paterson) in ireland, two (davie and robert morris) in england, two (wilson and witherspoon) in scotland, and one (hamilton) in the west indies.
the italian-style aristotelous square in central thessaloniki is one of the city's most famous meeting points for its residents.	the aristotelous square in central thessaloniki is one of the city's most famous meeting points for its residents.
according to scotland yard, the association was not itself linked to terrorism .	according to scotland yard, the association was not itself linked to paramilitary groups .
french and international press alleged that the french socialist government had struck a secret deal with asala in january 1982, in which there would be no further attacks on french soil in return for french recognition that the turks had committed genocide against the armenians in 1915. under the terms of the deal asala members supposedly were also granted unrestricted use of french airports, and four asala members charged with the takeover of the turkish consulate in paris, in which a security guard was killed, were given light sentences.	french and international press alleged that the french socialist government had struck a secret deal with asala in january 1982, in which there would be no further attacks on french soil in return for french recognition that the turks had attempted genocide against the armenians in 1915. under the terms of the deal asala members supposedly were also granted unrestricted use of french airports, and four asala members charged with the takeover of the turkish consulate in paris, in which a security guard was killed, were given light sentences.
"the unsinkable molly brown – a 1960 musical with the central character loosely based on the life of margaret brown and the life of elizabeth ""baby doe"" tabor, the wife of leadville miner horace austin warner tabor."	"the unsinkable molly brown – a 1960 musical with the central character based on the life of margaret brown and the life of elizabeth ""baby doe"" tabor, the wife of leadville miner horace austin warner tabor."
fred's brother john (donald's uncle) became a notable physicist and inventor.	fred's brother john (donald's uncle) became a physicist and inventor.
the focus of the show was two african americans who fly to various galaxies in their 'space hoopty' while getting involved in various poorly-conceived adventures.	the focus of the show was two african americans who fly to various galaxies in their 'space hoopty' while getting involved in various adventures.
"glamour launched in the uk in april 2000, where it pioneered the handbag size format, with the memorable tagline ""fits in your life as well as your handbag""."	"glamour launched in the uk in april 2000, where it pioneered the handbag size format, with the tagline ""fits in your life as well as your handbag""."
officially, as of the april 2005, the total size of the foreign laborers in south korea stood at 378,000, 52 percent of which, or 199,000, are here illegally.	officially, as of the april 2005, the total size of the foreign laborers in south korea stood at 378,000, 52 percent of which, or 199,000, are in the country illegally.
during his later years camacho's life was plagued with drug and criminal issues.	during his later years camacho's life was plagued with drug and legal issues.
some paranormal researchers claim psychokinesis exists and deserves further study, although the focus of research has shifted away from large-scale phenomena to attempts to influence dice and then to random number generators.	some psychokinesis researchers claim psychokinesis exists and deserves further study, although the focus of research has shifted away from large-scale phenomena to attempts to influence dice and then to random number generators.
released on may 14, 1971, it was their most successful studio album ever , reaching number 2 on the billboard 200 chart and number 12 in the uk.	released on may 14, 1971, it was their most successful studio album, reaching number 2 on the billboard 200 chart and number 12 in the uk.
in 1982, sun myung moon, the founder and leader of the unification church, was imprisoned in the united states for willfully filing false federal income tax returns and conspiracy.	in 1982, sun myung moon, the founder and leader of the unification church, was imprisoned in the united states after being found guilty by a jury of willfully filing false federal income tax returns and conspiracy.
"the amsterdam hilton hotel is located in this district where john lennon and yoko ono famously had their ""bed-in"" for peace in 1969 and the artist herman brood jumped to his death in 2001."	"the amsterdam hilton hotel is located in this district where john lennon and yoko ono had their ""bed-in"" for peace in 1969 and the artist herman brood jumped to his death in 2001."
the rstkammer (the armoury) of the wartburg, used to contain a magnificent collection of about 800 pieces, from the splendid armour of king henry ii of france, to the items of frederick the wise, pope julius ii and bernhard von weimar.	the rstkammer (the armoury) of the wartburg, used to contain a notable collection of about 800 pieces, from the splendid armour of king henry ii of france, to the items of frederick the wise, pope julius ii and bernhard von weimar.
a hajduk is a type of peasant serbian irregular infantry found in central and southeast europe from the early 17th to mid 19th centuries.	a hajduk is a type of peasant irregular infantry found in central and southeast europe from the early 17th to mid 19th centuries.
reports of racism, homophobia and violence	reports of racism, homophobia and vandalism
once sentenced, malefactors were usually held in prison for a few days before being taken to the place of execution.	once sentenced, the convicted were usually held in prison for a few days before being taken to the place of execution.
in fall 2009, his hunt for dr. aribert heim, who committed horrific war crimes in the mauthausen concentration camp, was the subject of a bbc documentary entitled the search for dr. death, and a fifth documentary tzayad ha-natzim ha-acharon (the last nazi-hunter), was broadcast on israeli channel 10 on holocaust memorial day in 2012.	in fall 2009, his hunt for dr. aribert heim, who committed war crimes in the mauthausen concentration camp, was the subject of a bbc documentary entitled the search for dr. death, and a fifth documentary tzayad ha-natzim ha-acharon (the last nazi-hunter), was broadcast on israeli channel 10 on holocaust memorial day in 2012.
"the llis campus is located in the picturesque town of morges on the shores of lake geneva, in the region of ""la cote"" which lies between geneva and lausanne."	"the llis campus is located in the town of morges on the shores of lake geneva, in the region of ""la cote"" which lies between geneva and lausanne."
city college's campus is on a hill overlooking harlem; its impressive neo-gothic campus was mostly designed by george b. post, and many of its buildings are landmarks.	city college's campus is on a hill overlooking harlem; its neo-gothic campus was mostly designed by george b. post, and many of its buildings are landmarks.
jefferson was a bad leader in developing republicanism in the united states.	jefferson was a leader in developing republicanism in the united states.
in round 2 robert twice won a set to level before losing his match to roger taylor in the fifth 5-7. belkin and keith carpenter then battled taylor and bobby wilson to a 12-10 fifth set, which they unfortunately lost.	in round 2 robert twice won a set to level before losing his match to roger taylor in the fifth 5-7. belkin and keith carpenter then battled taylor and bobby wilson to a 12-10 fifth set, which they lost.
colin furze has created many amazing contraptions which are all available to watch on his youtube channel.	colin furze has created many contraptions which are all available to watch on his youtube channel.
the world net daily has also provided many false stories to the public.	the world net daily has also provided many inaccurate stories to the public.
after the ride, you might be lucky enough to disembark as a propaganda film about norway is about to begin, in which case you can choose to watch the film or exit the ride.	after the ride, you might be lucky enough to disembark as a film about norway is about to begin, in which case you can choose to watch the film or exit the ride.
"there exists a goanimate subculture known for its production of ""grounded videos"" where a character (most often caillou) gets punished cruelly for misbehaving."	"there exists a goanimate subculture known for its production of ""grounded videos"" where a character (most often caillou) gets punished for misbehaving."
it won the prestigious wh smith literary award in 1988.	it won the wh smith literary award in 1988.
some sunni scholars claim ibn saba was a jewish convert whom believe laid the foundations of shah islam.	some salafi scholars claim ibn saba was a jewish convert whom believe laid the foundations of shah islam.
as a refugee from the military dictatorship of us-backed general augusto pinochet, letelier accepted several academic positions in washington, d.c., where he was assassinated by pinochet's dina agents in 1976.	as a refugee from the military dictatorship of general augusto pinochet, letelier accepted several academic positions in washington, d.c., where he was assassinated by pinochet's dina agents in 1976.
it was the last major hurrah for the sisters and was cut short due to a frivolous lawsuit initiated by patty's husband against the show's producers, squashing an extensively scheduled road tour for the company, including the sisters.	it was the last major hurrah for the sisters and was cut short due to a lawsuit initiated by patty's husband against the show's producers, squashing an extensively scheduled road tour for the company, including the sisters.
according to the united states government, illegal alien is the correct term for a person who has entered the united states illegally or is residing in the united states illegally after entering legally (for example using a tourist visa and remaining after the visa expires).	according to the united states government, illegal alien is the term for a person who has entered the united states illegally or is residing in the united states illegally after entering legally (for example using a tourist visa and remaining after the visa expires).
his first congregation in germany was also to be his last, as he worked for next 30 years as pastor of the local lutheran church in the beautiful village of nicolstadt (map, postcard picture) near wahlstatt.	his first congregation in germany was also to be his last, as he worked for next 30 years as pastor of the local lutheran church in the village of nicolstadt (map, postcard picture) near wahlstatt.
typically the first organism splits into two daughter organisms, who then each split to form four, who split to form eight, and so on.	typically the first organism splits into two child organisms, who then each split to form four, who split to form eight, and so on.
throughout the debate, boozman has pointed to medicare cuts, including cuts to medicare advantage, increased taxes on health insurance and innovations, and anti- choice concerns.	throughout the debate, boozman has pointed to medicare cuts, including cuts to medicare advantage, increased taxes on health insurance and innovations, and anti- abortion concerns.
the rollerblade company has been bought by tecnica, which is now using the brand for its own range of inline skates - including the excellent tecnica twisters, now known as rollerblade twisters.	the rollerblade company has been bought by tecnica, which is now using the brand for its own range of inline skates - including the tecnica twisters, now known as rollerblade twisters.
a parallel idea can be found in jewish scripture , that the serpent (hebrew nahash ) from the garden of eden was father to firstborn cain.	a parallel idea can be found in jewish tradition , that the serpent (hebrew nahash ) from the garden of eden was father to firstborn cain.
the pejorative term 51st stater usually refers to non-u.s. residents who emulate mannerisms and culture of an american, or a non-american politician who is a supporter of the united states, especially its foreign policy, to a degree viewed as excessive.	the term 51st stater usually refers to non-u.s. residents who emulate mannerisms and culture of an american, or a non-american politician who is a supporter of the united states, especially its foreign policy, to a degree viewed as excessive.
bomoh were then seen as deviant from the muslim faith because of their invocation of spirits and the potentially harmful black magic they practiced .	bomoh were then seen as deviant from the muslim faith because of their invocation of spirits and the potentially harmful black magic they were accused of practicing .
"fay mckay, an american musical comedienne , is best known for ""the twelve daze of christmas"", a parody in which the gifts were replaced with various alcoholic drinks, resulting in her performance becoming increasingly inebriated over the course of the song."	"fay mckay, an american musical comedian , is best known for ""the twelve daze of christmas"", a parody in which the gifts were replaced with various alcoholic drinks, resulting in her performance becoming increasingly inebriated over the course of the song."
"a fictionalized (but surprisingly historically accurate) version of how the declaration came about is the musical play (and 1972 movie) 1776, which is usually termed a ""musical comedy"" but deals frankly with the political issues, especially how disagreement over the institution of slavery almost defeated the declaration's adoption."	"a fictionalized (but somewhat historically accurate) version of how the declaration came about is the musical play (and 1972 movie) 1776, which is usually termed a ""musical comedy"" but deals frankly with the political issues, especially how disagreement over the institution of slavery almost defeated the declaration's adoption."
dalekmania was the name given to the craze or 'mania' among children in the united kingdom in the 1960s for all things associated with writer terry nation's famous creations, the daleks , who were then regularly appearing in the bbc's television drama series doctor who.	dalekmania was the name given to the craze or 'mania' among children in the united kingdom in the 1960s for all things associated with writer terry nation's creations, the daleks , who were then regularly appearing in the bbc's television drama series doctor who.
hamza accordingly trusted his last testament to zayd just before his martyrdom in 625.	hamza accordingly trusted his last testament to zayd just before his death in 625.
the organisation grew at a phenomenal rate.	the organisation grew at a rapid rate.
"but this may also sound dubious since soviet union's policies were not anti-semitic until the campaign against ""rootless cosmopolitanism"" started after 1948. in recent years, the kielce pogrom and the role of the poles in the massacre are more openly discussed in poland."	"but this may also sound dubious since soviet union's policies were not anti-semitic until the campaign against ""rootless cosmopolitanism"" started after 1948. in recent years, the kielce pogrom and the role of the poles in the massacre are openly discussed in poland."
joey was an american sitcom, which starred matt leblanc reprising his role as joey tribbiani from the popular sitcom friends.	joey was an american sitcom, which starred matt leblanc reprising his role as joey tribbiani from the sitcom friends.
the classic argument for copyright is the view that granting developers temporary monopolies over their works encourages further development and creativity by giving the developer a source of income; normally copyright is enforced within a framework of the berne convention, instigated by victor hugo and first enacted in 1886. a central anti-copyright argument is that copyright has never been of net benefit to society and instead serves to enrich a few at the expense of creativity.	the classic argument for copyright is the view that granting developers temporary monopolies over their works encourages further development and creativity by giving the developer a source of income; normally copyright is enforced within a framework of the berne convention, instituted by victor hugo and first enacted in 1886. a central anti-copyright argument is that copyright has never been of net benefit to society and instead serves to enrich a few at the expense of creativity.
"arizona passed a tough anti- illegal immigrant law in april 2010, raising calls for a tourist boycott of the state, and president obama said the legislation would ""threaten to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as americans."""	"arizona passed a anti- illegal immigrant law in april 2010, raising calls for a tourist boycott of the state, and president obama said the legislation would ""threaten to undermine basic notions of fairness that we cherish as americans."""
it is widely condemned as torture and a form of mock execution.	it is widely considered as torture and a form of mock execution.
in this classic episode, stan asks permission to go to cartman's grandmother's house in nebraska and he is denied.	in this episode, stan asks permission to go to cartman's grandmother's house in nebraska and he is denied.
various speculations about their origins state that they are either the descendants of pashtun converts made by the 16th century sikh missionary, bhai gurdas during his travels to kabul, offspring of those pashtuns whom guru nanak met on his voyages west of the indus river, or the legacy of maharaja ranjit singhs huge 19th century empire, which in his own words, extended to the limits of the afghans.	various speculations about their origins state that they are either the descendants of pashtun converts made by the 16th century sikh missionary, bhai gurdas during his travels to kabul, offspring of those pashtuns whom guru nanak met on his voyages west of the indus river, or the legacy of maharaja ranjit singhs 19th century empire, which in his own words, extended to the limits of the afghans.
); and little nikita (1988) with sidney poitier; and was nominated in 1989, at the tender age of 18, for an oscar for best supporting actor (as well as for a golden globe) and received the best supporting actor honor from the national board of review for his role in sidney lumet's running on empty (1988), considered by critics to be one of river phoenix's finest films.	); and little nikita (1988) with sidney poitier; and was nominated in 1989, at the age of 18, for an oscar for best supporting actor (as well as for a golden globe) and received the best supporting actor honor from the national board of review for his role in sidney lumet's running on empty (1988), considered by critics to be one of river phoenix's finest films.
courtney cox cole is a former outstanding high-school and college athlete from indiana.	courtney cox cole is a former high-school and college athlete from indiana.
"the band premiered the music video for ""heaven knows"" on vevo on february 12, 2014 and it was co-directed by lead vocalist taylor momsen and jon j. the video features a half-naked momsen, gothed up in black eye shadow and surrounded by burning books and tatted-up teens in a dark high school."	"the band premiered the music video for ""heaven knows"" on vevo on february 12, 2014 and it was co-directed by lead vocalist taylor momsen and jon j. the video features a half-naked momsen, gothed up in black eye shadow and surrounded by burning books and heavily tattooed teens in a dark high school."
"ani's ink - a small typesetting business predicted to be a ""sure thing"" by jetsunma left behind a crippling debt."	"ani's ink - a small typesetting business predicted to be a ""sure thing"" by jetsunma left behind a long standing debt."
the origin of the phrase is the facetious concept that molten material from an american reactor may melt through the crust of the earth and reach china.	the origin of the phrase is the concept that molten material from an american reactor may melt through the crust of the earth and reach china.
ayers is the son of maverick bbc producer rowan ayers, but following his parents' split and his mother's subsequent marriage to a british civil servant, ayers spent most of his childhood in malaysia.	ayers is the son of bbc producer rowan ayers, but following his parents' split and his mother's subsequent marriage to a british civil servant, ayers spent most of his childhood in malaysia.
the song was also badly covered by captain tractor.	the song was also covered by captain tractor.
this was promoted especially by the grand dukes of lithuania, because of their deserved reputation as skilled warriors.	this was promoted especially by the grand dukes of lithuania, because of their reputation as skilled warriors.
television saw heavy censorship concerning nudity, sex, and violence in the u.s. after the janet jackson-justin timberlake super bowl incident occurred early in 2004. the united states house of representatives passed a bill to raise the maximum fcc fine penalty from usd $27,500 to $500,000 per violation.	television saw an increase in censorship concerning nudity, sex, and violence in the u.s. after the janet jackson-justin timberlake super bowl incident occurred early in 2004. the united states house of representatives passed a bill to raise the maximum fcc fine penalty from usd $27,500 to $500,000 per violation.
the ndp and greens then defeated the reelected liberal government by one vote in a no confidence vote, with the ndp than being invited to form a government.	the ndp and greens then defeated the incumbent liberal government by one vote in a no confidence vote, with the ndp than being invited to form a government.
the irgun largely followed the centrists' ideals but with a much more irredentisticly inclined, hawkish outlook toward britain's interefence in the mandate, and an ardently nationalist vision pertaining to society and government.	the irgun largely followed the centrists' ideals but with a much more irredentisticly inclined, hawkish outlook toward britain's involvement in the mandate, and an ardently nationalist vision pertaining to society and government.
radric davis (born february 12, 1980), better known by his stage name gucci mane, is a prolific american rap artist based in atlanta, georgia, with a chequered history of violence, frequent encounters with law enforcement, alleged mental illness, and public disputes with other artists - particularly former collaborators.	radric davis (born february 12, 1980), better known by his stage name gucci mane, is a prolific american rap artist based in atlanta, georgia, with a naotable history of violence, frequent encounters with law enforcement, alleged mental illness, and public disputes with other artists - particularly former collaborators.
among his excuses for killing the bill was that he had forgotten the first aid training he had himself received in school.	among his reasons for killing the bill was that he had forgotten the first aid training he had himself received in school.
atheism, lack of religious observation and regular church attendance, and the inability to prove one's willingness and capacity to attend to religion with his children, have been used to deny custody to non-religious parents.	atheism, lack of religious observation and regular church attendance, and the inability to prove one's willingness and capacity to attend to religion with one's children, have been used to deny custody to non-religious parents.
according to the left-leaning british newspaper the guardian, ashcroft ordered a group of hispanic employees of the u.s. department of justice to translate the song into spanish.	according to the british newspaper the guardian, ashcroft ordered a group of hispanic employees of the u.s. department of justice to translate the song into spanish.
the first amendment draws a distinction between words and deeds, and does not tolerate banning of mere words simply because those words could lead to foul deeds.	the first amendment draws a distinction between words and deeds, and does not tolerate banning of mere words simply because those words could lead to bad deeds.
herbert rutledge southworth (february 6, 1908 october 30, 1999) was a writer, journalist and historian specializing in the spanish civil war and the subsequent franco dictatorship in spain and whose work led the francoist ministry of information to set up an entire department just to counter his demolition of the regime's propaganda.	herbert rutledge southworth (february 6, 1908 october 30, 1999) was a writer, journalist and historian specializing in the spanish civil war and the subsequent franco dictatorship in spain and whose work led the francoist ministry of information to set up an entire department to counter his demolition of the regime's propaganda.
on september 22, 2001, five years and one day after his passing , a sculpture modelled after one of his marionettes was erected in his memory on the street corner in brattle square where he performed.	on september 22, 2001, five years and one day after his death , a sculpture modelled after one of his marionettes was erected in his memory on the street corner in brattle square where he performed.
when she agrees, bond emails his resignation to m, and the two go on a blissfully romantic holiday in venice.	when she agrees, bond emails his resignation to m, and the two go on a romantic holiday in venice.
almost immediately after the chiefs' painful loss to the eventual super bowl champion indianapolis colts in january 2007, the state of the team was brought into question.	almost immediately after the chiefs' loss to the eventual super bowl champion indianapolis colts in january 2007, the state of the team was brought into question.
december 27 - anna russell, singer and comedienne (d. 2006)	december 27 - anna russell, singer and comedian (d. 2006)
kosta was sick and lingering for many years, then he sadly died in the year of 1906.	kosta was sick and lingering for many years, then he died in the year of 1906.
some baltists maintain fringe view that the slavic group of languages differs so radically from the neighboring baltic group (lithuanian, latvian, and the now-extinct old prussian), that they could not have shared a parent language after the breakup of the proto-indo-european continuum about five millennia ago.	some baltists maintain the view that the slavic group of languages differs so radically from the neighboring baltic group (lithuanian, latvian, and the now-extinct old prussian), that they could not have shared a parent language after the breakup of the proto-indo-european continuum about five millennia ago.
miny was an agoraphobic but prolific noise artist intensely active in the music underground between the years 1986 and 1992. during that period he created many mesmerizing unique audio works in collaboration with other sound artists and mail artists.	miny was an agoraphobic but prolific noise artist intensely active in the music underground between the years 1986 and 1992. during that period he created many unique audio works in collaboration with other sound artists and mail artists.
late in life he watched his wife suffer before her death and became an advocate for voluntary euthenasia .	late in life he watched his wife suffer before her death and became an advocate for voluntary euthanasia .
as of 2009, modern wintel pcs still retain many at-class technical design features, though the at expansion bus (isa), the at power supply and its connectors, and the at motherboard form factor have disappeared, and the at bios has evolved and is now facing competition, though still used in most systems.	as of 2009, modern pcs still retain many at-class technical design features, though the at expansion bus (isa), the at power supply and its connectors, and the at motherboard form factor have disappeared, and the at bios has evolved and is now facing competition, though still used in most systems.
while some believe this was only a part of a larger conspiracy, there is yet no evidence to support this claim.	while some believe this was only a part of a larger conspiracy, there is currently no evidence to support this claim.
"relatively more common are kansas quarters sporting the motto ""in god we rust""."	"relatively more common are kansas quarters bearing the motto ""in god we rust""."
during afghanistan's most difficult moments, under the fundamentalist islamic regime of taliban; he remained comfortably secluded in italy and refused to speak out against the taliban.	during afghanistan's most difficult moments, under the fundamentalist islamic regime of taliban; he remained secluded in italy and refused to speak out against the taliban.
the iberian pact was initiated by salazar in 1939. indeed, salazar provided aid to the allies, letting them use the terceira island in the azores as a military base.	the iberian pact was initiated by salazar in 1939. indeed, salazar provided aid to the allies, letting them use terceira island in the azores as a military base.
for actively aiding the british army when it occupied philadelphia, two residents of the city would be murdered by returning patriot forces.	for actively aiding the british army when it occupied philadelphia, two residents of the city would be executed by returning patriot forces.
kendujhar is a beautiful city and a municipality in kendujhar district in the indian state of odisha.	kendujhar is a city and a municipality in kendujhar district in the indian state of odisha.
richard casimir karl august robert konstantin is the eldest son of gustav albrecht, 5th prince of sayn-wittgenstein-berleburg, a highly decorated nazi officer declared missing in 1944 yet only legally declared dead in 1969, and margareta fouch d'otrante, a descendant of napoleonic statesman joseph fouch.	richard casimir karl august robert konstantin is the eldest son of gustav albrecht, 5th prince of sayn-wittgenstein-berleburg, a highly decorated german army officer declared missing in 1944 yet only legally declared dead in 1969, and margareta fouch d'otrante, a descendant of napoleonic statesman joseph fouch.
the last execution in canada was on december 11, 1962 at toronto's notorious don jail.	the last execution in canada was on december 11, 1962 at toronto's don jail.
the stone bridge at the northern end of augher lake and the stone bridge at the northern end of black lough are also scenic points.	the stone bridge at the northern end of augher lake and the stone bridge at the northern end of black lough are also lookout points.
the effect of the beatles on western culture (and by extension on the rest of the world) has been immeasurable.	the effect of the beatles on western culture (and by extension much of the rest of the world) has been immeasurable.
the who have an impressive body of work, being active to semi-active over the past four decades.	the who have an extensive body of work, being active to semi-active over the past four decades.
after the 100 days, he was named mayor of toulouse, and sat at the chambre introuvable as an ultra-royalist deputy from haute-garonne.	after the hundred days, he was named mayor of toulouse, and sat at the chambre introuvable as an ultra-royalist deputy from haute-garonne.
eden is recorded in genesis 3, and served as the foundation of the christian teachings of saint paul in romans 5:12–19 and 1 corinthians 15:21–22, and, in particular, the christian doctrine of original sin.	eden is recorded in genesis 3, and served as the foundation of the christian teachings of paul in romans 5:12–19 and 1 corinthians 15:21–22, and, in particular, the christian doctrine of original sin.
he was killed in his apartment by a corrupt tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office (sao), in conjunction with the chicago police department (cpd) and the federal bureau of investigation (fbi).	he was killed in his apartment by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office (sao), in conjunction with the chicago police department (cpd) and the federal bureau of investigation (fbi).
he received his early education at otavi in namibia under the hated bantu education system.	he received his early education at otavi in namibia under the bantu education system.
many of the gaming world's best writers, game designers and artists have published work in the magazine.	many of the gaming world's most well known writers, game designers and artists have published work in the magazine.
after three hours of shooting, prez was finally shot dead along with his men.	after three hours of shooting, prez was shot dead along with his men.
the hebrew university bombing or the hebrew university massacre was a terror attack by terrorist group hamas which occurred on 31 july 2002 in a cafeteria at the mount scopus campus of the hebrew university of jerusalem.	the hebrew university bombing or the hebrew university massacre was a terror attack by the palestinian militant group hamas which occurred on 31 july 2002 in a cafeteria at the mount scopus campus of the hebrew university of jerusalem.
"one frequently quoted formulation of the concept, first published in henryk m. broder's 1986 book ""der ewige antisemit"" (""the eternal antisemite""), stems from zvi rex, an israeli psychologist, who made the observation that ""the germans will never forgive the jews for auschwitz."""	"one frequently quoted formulation of the concept, first published in henryk m. broder's 1986 book ""der ewige antisemit"" (""the eternal antisemite""), stems from zvi rex, an israeli psychologist, who made the claim that ""the germans will never forgive the jews for auschwitz."""
kingswood oxford school is a prestigious private day school located in west hartford, connecticut.	kingswood oxford school is a private day school located in west hartford, connecticut.
considering that many of his claims are exaggerations of truth or outright lies, many see him as a caricature of an out-of-touch generation whose kneejerk reaction is to ban something that is new and unknown, in a similar way to previous generations' attempts to ban rock and roll and violent films.	believing that many of his claims are exaggerations of truth or outright lies, many see him as a caricature of an out-of-touch generation whose kneejerk reaction is to ban something that is new and unknown, in a similar way to previous generations' attempts to ban rock and roll and violent films.
with a somewhat squat square tower of stone and brick, the latter added in 1732. it is deservedly famous for the macabre 1658 entrance arch to the churchyard, which is decorated with grinning skulls.	with a somewhat squat square tower of stone and brick, the latter added in 1732. it is famous for the macabre 1658 entrance arch to the churchyard, which is decorated with grinning skulls.
the republic of china (roc) is a democratic country in east asia.	the republic of china (roc) is a country in east asia.
equally, he loathed nazi propaganda and its manipulation of the education system, as well as the curtailing of religious freedoms.	equally, he loathed nazi propaganda and its control of the education system, as well as the curtailing of religious freedoms.
"tom g. palmer of the cato institute has criticized the blog for carrying columns by controversial figures, such as gary north, whom palmer calls ""one of the oddest of oddballs"" (north has called for the stoning of homosexuals and women who have abortions ), and joseph sobran, whom he claims ""speaks at neo-nazi conferences of the institute for historical review"" and was fired from the national review by william f. buckley for what some considered to be anti-semitism."	"tom g. palmer of the cato institute has criticized the blog for carrying columns by controversial figures, such as gary north, whom palmer calls ""one of the oddest of oddballs"" (north has called for the stoning of homosexuals and women who have abortions ), and joseph sobran, whom he notes ""speaks at neo-nazi conferences of the institute for historical review"" and was fired from the national review by william f. buckley for what some considered to be anti-semitism."
in addition, his opposite-field power has been overwhelming , with 27 of his 56 home runs traveling to left-field or left-center.	in addition, his opposite-field power has been on display , with 27 of his 56 home runs traveling to left-field or left-center.
kris kross was also noted for their unique fashion style, which consisted of wearing their clothing backwards.	kris kross was also noted for their fashion style, which consisted of wearing their clothing backwards.
like many other high-profile female tds and government ministers, hanafin is often touted in the media as the woman most likely to lead fianna fil in the future and thus become irelands first female taoiseach.	like many other high-profile female tds and government ministers, hanafin is often touted in the media as the woman most likely to lead fianna fil in the future and possibly become irelands first female taoiseach.
1980: unpopular president jimmy carter lost to taller candidate ronald reagan.	1980: president jimmy carter lost to taller candidate ronald reagan.
h. schmkel asserted in 1928 that dagon was never originally a fish-god, but once he became an important god of those maritime canaanites, the phoenicians, the folk-etymological connection with dg would have ineluctably affected his iconography.	h. schmkel posed in 1928 that dagon was never originally a fish-god, but once he became an important god of those maritime canaanites, the phoenicians, the folk-etymological connection with dg would have ineluctably affected his iconography.
"ian benardo, a self-proclaimed ""superstar"" from new york who gave a bad rendition of ""gloria"" by laura branigan."	"ian benardo, a self-proclaimed ""superstar"" from new york who gave a rendition of ""gloria"" by laura branigan."
they believe he will support the bush administration in its interpretation of the unitary executive, which they claim is that as commander-in-chief the president can not be restrained by law, national or international.	they believe he will support the bush administration in its interpretation of the unitary executive, which they suggest is that as commander-in-chief the president can not be restrained by law, national or international.
tinea cruris is best treated with antifungal drugs applied topically.	tinea cruris is often treated with antifungal drugs applied topically.
"in a landmark legal case commenced in 2003 at the european court of human rights a homeschooling parent couple argued on behalf of their children that germany's compulsory school attendance endangered their children's religious upbringing, promoted teaching inconsistent with their christian faith especially the german state's mandates relating to sex education in the schools and contravened the declaration in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union that ""the state shall respect the right of parents to ensure education and teaching is in conformity with their own religious and philosophical convictions""."	"in a legal case commenced in 2003 at the european court of human rights a homeschooling parent couple argued on behalf of their children that germany's compulsory school attendance endangered their children's religious upbringing, promoted teaching inconsistent with their christian faith especially the german state's mandates relating to sex education in the schools and contravened the declaration in the charter of fundamental rights of the european union that ""the state shall respect the right of parents to ensure education and teaching is in conformity with their own religious and philosophical convictions""."
the granddaughter of an orthodox rabbi, goodman has relatives, including two granduncles, who died in the nazi holocaust.	the granddaughter of an orthodox rabbi, goodman has relatives, including two granduncles, who died in the the holocaust.
he currently plays summer bay's cute cop jack holden on the australian television soap opera home and away.	he currently plays summer bay's cop jack holden on the australian television soap opera home and away.
an investigation by the new york times revealed that several organizations targeted for scrutiny by the irs engaged in political activities raising legitimate questions about their tax-exempt status.	an investigation by the new york times reported that several organizations targeted for scrutiny by the irs engaged in political activities raising legitimate questions about their tax-exempt status.
nominees were revealed on december 11, 2015 by kenyan journalist larry madowo and nigerian comedienne chigurl.	nominees were revealed on december 11, 2015 by kenyan journalist larry madowo and nigerian comedian chigurl.
on october 2, 2004, a series of terrorist attacks, including two bomb explosions, in the states of assam and nagaland killed at least 48 people and injured over 100. the national democratic front of bodoland (ndfb), one group of separatist rebels among others, which is responsible for some of the attacks is suspected to have carried out the others as well.	on october 2, 2004, a series of attacks, including two bomb explosions, in the states of assam and nagaland killed at least 48 people and injured over 100. the national democratic front of bodoland (ndfb), one group of separatist rebels among others, which is responsible for some of the attacks is suspected to have carried out the others as well.
whether based on science, philosophy, religion, or a combination of all three, human exceptionalism recognizes that human beings are unlike any other species in the known universe.	whether based on science, philosophy, religion, or a combination of all three, human exceptionalism believes that human beings are unlike any other species in the known universe.
hammett is one of the best-known students of guitar virtuoso/ instructor joe satriani.	hammett is one of the best-known students of guitar instructor joe satriani.
after failing in business, he started in 1829 a weekly paper, the herald of freedom, in danbury, connecticut; after several libel suits and a prosecution which resulted in imprisonment, he moved to new york city in 1834, and in 1835 began his career as a showman, with his purchase and exploitation of an african-american woman, joice heth, reputed to have been the nurse of george washington, and to be over a hundred and sixty years old.	after failing in business, he started in 1829 a weekly paper, the herald of freedom, in danbury, connecticut; after several libel suits and a prosecution which resulted in imprisonment, he moved to new york city in 1834, and in 1835 began his career as a showman, with his purchase and exibition of an african-american woman, joice heth, reputed to have been the nurse of george washington, and to be over a hundred and sixty years old.
chinese security forces shoot dead a young tibetan man in sichuan province, at least the third such murder this week.	chinese security forces shoot dead a young tibetan man in sichuan province, at least the third such killing this week.
sunny rogers (19132005): comedienne , pianist and actress	sunny rogers (19132005): comedian , pianist and actress
in flames is a successful swedish melodic death metal band from the city of gothenburg which is considered by many one of the referentials from the genre.	in flames is a swedish melodic death metal band from the city of gothenburg which is considered by many one of the referentials from the genre.
as of november 18, 2009, the english language version of the wiki contains over 72,000 articles, making it the fourth-largest wikia-hosted wiki in terms of article count, ahead of sites such as memory alpha and the awful uncyclopedia.	as of november 18, 2009, the english language version of the wiki contains over 72,000 articles, making it the fourth-largest wikia-hosted wiki in terms of article count, ahead of sites such as memory alpha and the uncyclopedia.
orangutan experts around the world have unified to recognise that continued unsustainable development of the palm oil sector is the single greatest threat to the future of orangutans in the wild.	orangutan experts around the world have unified to recognise that continued development of the palm oil sector is the single greatest threat to the future of orangutans in the wild.
kosovo is a small and landlocked country in southeastern europe.	kosovo is a small and landlocked disputed territory in southeastern europe.
the book received generally rave reviews.	the book received generally favorable reviews.
this 4th generation cosmo was way ahead of its time electronically as well by being offered with car control system, a crt colour touch-screen controlling climate control, mobile phone, gps car navigation, ntsc tv, radio and cd-player.	this 4th generation cosmo was ahead of its time electronically as well by being offered with car control system, a crt colour touch-screen controlling climate control, mobile phone, gps car navigation, ntsc tv, radio and cd-player.
to carry out his revenge, kat allies himself with a ykai named agi, summoning a fiery spirit called yomotsumono: a creature composed of the resentment carried by the multitudinous things mankind has discarded.	to carry out his revenge, kat allies himself with a ykai named agi, summoning a fiery spirit called yomotsumono: a creature composed of the resentment carried by the multitudinous things humanity has discarded.
a system is said to be in thermal equilibrium when it suffers no net change in thermal energy.	a system is said to be in thermal equilibrium when it experiences no net change in thermal energy.
it is full of greenery with lots of fascinating views.the surrounding villages of dhrugi are bhoober, saba mohra,maswal and dohk momin.four roads lead towards dhrugi, among those three are made of red bricks and one is unpaved.there are two government schools each for boys and girls.recently a school for children of army personnels is opened.	it is full of greenery with lots of scenic views.the surrounding villages of dhrugi are bhoober, saba mohra,maswal and dohk momin.four roads lead towards dhrugi, among those three are made of red bricks and one is unpaved.there are two government schools each for boys and girls.recently a school for children of army personnels is opened.
at the time, unfortunately , the summer olympic host city had the option of hosting the winter games, and all attempts failed.	at the time, however , the summer olympic host city had the option of hosting the winter games, and all attempts failed.
kadhalan is the soundtrack to the 1994 superhit tamil film kadhalan, directed by shankar.	kadhalan is the soundtrack to the 1994 tamil film kadhalan, directed by shankar.
geoff murphy (born 13 october 1938) is a successful new zealand filmmaker best known for his work during the renaissance of new zealand cinema that began in the last half of the 1970s.	geoff murphy (born 13 october 1938) is a new zealand filmmaker best known for his work during the renaissance of new zealand cinema that began in the last half of the 1970s.
"tmr bin taraghay barlas (chagatai turkic: , ""iron"") (1336 february 1405) was a 14th century turko-mongolian warlord , conqueror of much of western asia, and founder of the timurid empire (13701405) in central asia and of the timurid dynasty, which survived in some form until 1857. he is also known as timur-e lang (persian: ) which translates to timur the lame, as he was lame after sustaining an injury to the leg as a child."	"tmr bin taraghay barlas (chagatai turkic: , ""iron"") (1336 february 1405) was a 14th century mongol warlord , conqueror of much of western asia, and founder of the timurid empire (13701405) in central asia and of the timurid dynasty, which survived in some form until 1857. he is also known as timur-e lang (persian: ) which translates to timur the lame, as he was lame after sustaining an injury to the leg as a child."
this area consists of tony marin county and extends northward into the napa and sonoma valley wine regions.	this area consists of marin county and extends northward into the napa and sonoma valley wine regions.
"cyrus was only eleven years old when she originally auditioned for disney for the part of the ""best friend"";"	"cyrus was eleven years old when she originally auditioned for disney for the part of the ""best friend"";"
unfortunately , the party was hampered by organisational difficulties and progress was slow, with a loss of votes and seats under harold wilsons labour government.	however , the party was hampered by organisational difficulties and progress was slow, with a loss of votes and seats under harold wilsons labour government.
the santhal rebellion (sometimes referred to as the sonthal rebellion), commonly known as santal hool was a native rebellion in present day jharkhand, in eastern india against both the british colonial authority and corrupt upper caste zamindari system by the santal people.	the santhal rebellion (sometimes referred to as the sonthal rebellion), commonly known as santal hool was a native rebellion in present day jharkhand, in eastern india against both the british colonial authority and upper caste zamindari system by the santal people.
the passion of the christ is a 2004 snuff film co-written, co-produced and directed by mel gibson.	the passion of the christ is a 2004 film co-written, co-produced and directed by mel gibson.
in response to the attack, an israeli air force helicopter immediately struck a group of terrorists in the rafah area.	in response to the attack, an israeli air force helicopter immediately struck a group of people in the rafah area.
on 4 june 2014, company officials revealed that the btr-4e was being used in counter-terror operations in the slaviansk area.	on 4 june 2014, company officials revealed that the btr-4e was being used in military operations in the slaviansk area.
"eon admitted that they had relied too heavily on cgi effects in the more recent films, particularly die another day, and were keen to accomplish the stunts in casino royale ""the old fashioned way""."	"eon believed that they had relied too heavily on cgi effects in the more recent films, particularly die another day, and were keen to accomplish the stunts in casino royale ""the old fashioned way""."
the great university of benin - also known as uniben - is one of nigeria's first generation federal universities.	the university of benin - also known as uniben - is one of nigeria's first generation federal universities.
some choice excerpts from the loose canon include:	some excerpts from the loose canon include:
lubavitch is the only extant branch of a family of hasidic sects once known collectively as the chabad movement; the names are now used interchangeably.	lubavitch is the only extant branch of a family of hasidic groups once known collectively as the chabad movement; the names are now used interchangeably.
on june 26, 2007, the first day of trial for defendant mychal bell, walters suddenly agreed to reduce the charges for bell to aggravated second-degree battery and conspiracy to commit aggravated second-degree battery.	on june 26, 2007, the first day of trial for defendant mychal bell, walters agreed to reduce the charges for bell to aggravated second-degree battery and conspiracy to commit aggravated second-degree battery.
controversial departure from west virginia	departure from west virginia
as a free-time activity, it can be performed by almost anybody, and as a motorsport in itself, it is one of the sports regulated by fia (under the guise of cik), permitting licensed racing for anyone from the age of 8 onward.	as a free-time activity, it can be performed by almost anybody, and as a motorsport in itself, it is one of the sports regulated by fia (under the name of cik), permitting licensed racing for anyone from the age of 8 onward.
dhunya maumoon is married to shuaib mohamed shah, a lawyer by profession, and has three beautiful children.	dhunya maumoon is married to shuaib mohamed shah, a lawyer by profession, and has three children.
this has led to a gross anomaly whereby family related social welfare benefits are payable by the member state where an eu citizen is employed, even where the family of the worker are resident elsewhere in the union.	this has led to a anomaly whereby family related social welfare benefits are payable by the member state where an eu citizen is employed, even where the family of the worker are resident elsewhere in the union.
a model life is a reality television series hosted by supermodel petra nmcov.	a model life is a reality television series hosted by model petra nmcov.
martha jane canary or cannary (may 1, 1852 august 1, 1903), better known as calamity jane, was an american frontierswoman and professional scout, known for her claim of being an acquaintance of wild bill hickok, and fighting against savage native americans.	martha jane canary or cannary (may 1, 1852 august 1, 1903), better known as calamity jane, was an american frontierswoman and professional scout, known for her claim of being an acquaintance of wild bill hickok, and fighting against native americans.
"clay aiken covered ""suspicious minds"" during his 'elvis set' while on his phenomenal jukebox tour,the summer of 2005. clay performed the song during a visit to good morning america during the tour and a reviewer wrote: ""clay aiken does elvis better than elvis!"""	"clay aiken covered ""suspicious minds"" during his 'elvis set' while on his jukebox tour,the summer of 2005. clay performed the song during a visit to good morning america during the tour and a reviewer wrote: ""clay aiken does elvis better than elvis!"""
the southern baptist convention claims that extending marriage rights to same-sex couples would undercut the conventional purpose of marriage.	the southern baptist convention says that extending marriage rights to same-sex couples would undercut the conventional purpose of marriage.
the seventh-day adventist church is an evangelical christian denomination which grew out of the prophetic millerite movement in the united states during the middle part of the 19th century.	the seventh-day adventist church is an evangelical christian denomination which grew out of the millerite movement in the united states during the middle part of the 19th century.
the austrian school is a school of economic thought which rejects mainstream economists' reliance on methods used in natural science for the study of human action and relationships through logic (or praxeology).	the austrian school is a school of economic thought which rejects opposing economists' reliance on methods used in natural science for the study of human action and relationships through logic (or praxeology).
in the league table, espanyol have only managed to end above bara on three occasions in almost 70 years and even the only all-catalan copa del rey final in 1957 was won by bara.	in the league table, espanyol have only managed to end above bara on three occasions in almost 70 years and the only all-catalan copa del rey final in 1957 was won by bara.
the guardian newspaper printed rumours that the tuss is a possible pseudonym of aphex twin (see his discography), or a collaboration featuring him.	the guardian newspaper printed rumours that the tuss is a possible pseudonym of aphex twin (see aphex twin's discography), or a collaboration featuring him.
the apparent emendations are of four general types:	the assumed emendations are of four general types:
palm oil producers have been guilty of various human-rights violations, from low pay and poor working conditions	palm oil producers have been accused of various human-rights violations, from low pay and poor working conditions
the wfmx calls had previously graced a heritage country station in statesville, north carolina until july 2006 when that station moved from statesville, in the charlotte market, to clemmons, a suburb of winston-salem, in the greensboro market, and became wmks (now wvbz).	the wfmx calls had previously been on a heritage country station in statesville, north carolina until july 2006 when that station moved from statesville, in the charlotte market, to clemmons, a suburb of winston-salem, in the greensboro market, and became wmks (now wvbz).
the elephant clock was a medieval muslim invention by al-jazari (11361206), consisting of a weight powered water clock in the form of an elephant.	the elephant clock was a medieval islamic invention by al-jazari (11361206), consisting of a weight powered water clock in the form of an elephant.
"the notions of a person's spirit and soul often also overlap, as both contrast with body and both are believed to survive bodily death in some religions, and ""spirit"" can also have the sense of ""ghost"", i.e."	"the concepts of a person's spirit and soul often also overlap, as both contrast with body and both are believed to survive bodily death in some religions, and ""spirit"" can also have the sense of ""ghost"", i.e."
the new world translation of the holy scriptures (nwt) is a controversial modern-language translation of the bible published by jehovah's witnesses, specifically watchtower bible and tract society of new york, inc. and the international bible students association of brooklyn, new york.	the new world translation of the holy scriptures (nwt) is a modern-language translation of the bible published by jehovah's witnesses, specifically watchtower bible and tract society of new york, inc. and the international bible students association of brooklyn, new york.
marko kostov cepenkov or marko tsepenkov (born in prilep, ottoman empire 1829 - 1920 in sofia, bulgaria) was a macedonian folklorist from macedonia.	marko kostov cepenkov or marko tsepenkov (born in prilep, ottoman empire 1829 - 1920 in sofia, bulgaria) was a bulgarian folklorist from macedonia.
she made a cameo appearance performing on an episode of beverly hills, 90210, and hosted a saturday night live episode in 2004. the episode included a memorable sex & the city skit where she portrayed samantha jones revealing to everyone she was a man the entire time.	she made a cameo appearance performing on an episode of beverly hills, 90210, and hosted a saturday night live episode in 2004. the episode included a sex & the city skit where she portrayed samantha jones revealing to everyone she was a man the entire time.
she was a close friend of the controversial writer kathy acker and identified with kathy acker's fiction.	she was a close friend of the writer kathy acker and identified with kathy acker's fiction.
"it was nominated for a grammy in the category of ""best concept video"" of 1989 but ironically lost to ""weird al"" yankovic's michael jackson video spoof of ""bad"", ""fat""."	"it was nominated for a grammy in the category of ""best concept video"" of 1989 but lost to ""weird al"" yankovic's michael jackson video spoof of ""bad"", ""fat""."
most vibrant cinemas around the world based on imdb (as of 2009).	most productive cinemas around the world based on imdb (as of 2009).
the commodore 64 had agonizingly slow tape and disk drive protocols, taking minutes to load its 64k into ram.	the commodore 64 had slow tape and disk drive protocols, taking minutes to load its 64k into ram.
dame helen mirren, dbe (born 26 july 1945) is an english stage, film and television actress .	dame helen mirren, dbe (born 26 july 1945) is an english stage, film and television actor.
the latter was one of the earliest attempts to systematically study the historical development of industry and commerce in europe, as well as a sustained attack on the doctrines of mercantilism, it also explained how rational self-interest leads to common well-being.	the latter was one of the earliest attempts to systematically study the historical development of industry and commerce in europe, as well as a sustained attack on the doctrines of mercantilism, it also explained smith's belief that rational self-interest leads to common well-being.
after being trounced by their former southwest conference rivals, 70-35, in lubbock two years prior, the horned frog defense kept quarterback graham harrell and the vaunted red raider offense out of the endzone for the entire game to earn their fourth consecutive victory over the big 12. the same night, ohio state defeated texas, which meant that tcu's 13-game win streak was the longest active streak in the nation.	after being trounced by their former southwest conference rivals, 70-35, in lubbock two years prior, the horned frog defense kept quarterback graham harrell and the red raider offense out of the endzone for the entire game to earn their fourth consecutive victory over the big 12. the same night, ohio state defeated texas, which meant that tcu's 13-game win streak was the longest active streak in the nation.
in spite of the 1994 ceasefire accord and the ongoing un-monitored and russian-dominated cis peacekeeping operation, the sovereignty dispute has not yet been resolved and the region remains divided between the two rival authorities, with over 83 percent of its territory governed by the russian- backed sukhumi-based separatist government and about 17 percent governed by the government of the autonomous republic of abkhazia, recognized by georgia as the legal authority of abkhazia, located in the kodori valley, part of georgian-controlled upper abkhazia.	in spite of the 1994 ceasefire accord and the ongoing un-monitored and russian-dominated cis peacekeeping operation, the sovereignty dispute has not yet been resolved and the region remains divided between the two rival authorities, with over 83 percent of its territory governed by the russian- oriented sukhumi-based separatist government and about 17 percent governed by the government of the autonomous republic of abkhazia, recognized by georgia as the legal authority of abkhazia, located in the kodori valley, part of georgian-controlled upper abkhazia.
"the bishops of rome took upon themsleves the title ""vicar of st. peter"" and then, later, assumed the designation ""vicar of christ"" himself ."	"the bishops of rome took upon themsleves the title ""vicar of st. peter"" and then, later, assumed the designation ""vicar of christ""."
however, popper claimed that his demand for falsifiability was not meant as a theory of meaning, but rather as a methodological norm for the sciences.	however, popper said that his demand for falsifiability was not meant as a theory of meaning, but rather as a methodological norm for the sciences.
on descending the steps and turning right, one sees a breathtaking view of pandavgarh in the distance.	on descending the steps and turning right, one sees a peaceful and rather drab view of pandavgarh in the distance.
the ten commandments, also known as the decalogue, are a set of commandments supposedly given to the israelites by god at biblical mount sinai.	the ten commandments, also known as the decalogue, are a set of commandments which the bible describes as being given to the israelites by god at biblical mount sinai.
norris emphasized that the motivation for the protest was not simply to defend the south park creators, but also to support the right to free speech under the first amendment to the united states constitution.	norris claimed that the motivation for the protest was not simply to defend the south park creators, but also to support the right to free speech under the first amendment to the united states constitution.
a number of large hydroelectric reservoirs were constructed on the volga during the soviet rule .	a number of large hydroelectric reservoirs were constructed on the volga during the soviet era .
club xiangqi: an online chinese chess game popular free online site to play xiangqi	club xiangqi: an online chinese chess game free online site to play xiangqi
millbury is a lower-middle-class town in worcester county, massachusetts, united states.	millbury is a town in worcester county, massachusetts, united states.
the term is often used in a dismissive fashion to describe psychological concepts that are oversimplified, out of date, unproven, misunderstood or misinterpreted; however, the term may also be used to describe professionally-produced psychological knowledge, regarded by most experts as valid and effective, that is intended for use by the general public.	the term is often used in a dismissive fashion to describe psychological concepts that appear oversimplified, out of date, unproven, misunderstood or misinterpreted; however, the term may also be used to describe professionally-produced psychological knowledge, regarded by most experts as valid and effective, that is intended for use by the general public.
versace took over the label's design after her brother's tragic murder and years of feeling like gianni's muse.	versace took over the label's design after her brother's murder and years of feeling like gianni's muse.
"partial-birth abortion (pba) is a non-medical term sometimes used to refer to ""intact dilation and extraction"" (""idx"" or ""intact d&x"")."	"partial-birth abortion (pba) is a term sometimes used to refer to ""intact dilation and extraction"" (""idx"" or ""intact d&x"")."
"he memorably ended the sketch with this quote: ""i believe children are the future of this country."	"he ended the sketch with this quote: ""i believe children are the future of this country."
"in early 1970, members of the manson family were filmed by robert hendrickson at barker ranch hideout , sorting through, and taking evidence left behind by detectives, for the making of the oscar-nominated documentary ""manson."""	"in early 1970, members of the manson family were filmed by robert hendrickson at barker ranch, sorting through, and taking evidence left behind by detectives, for the making of the oscar-nominated documentary ""manson."""
in 1939 robert briscoe, then a fianna fil member of the irish parliament (later famous as the jewish lord mayor of dublin) made a proposition to colonel beck:	in 1939 robert briscoe, then a fianna fil member of the irish parliament (later famous as the jewish lord mayor of dublin) made a proposition to jzef beck :
the track is located near to the yard of the trainer, paul nicholls and as such many of his promising young horses run here.	the track is located near to the yard of the trainer, paul nicholls and as such many of his young horses run here.
the only sources for the life of jesus which most historians accept as containing even some historically reliable information about the life of jesus are the four canonical gospels of matthew, mark, luke, and john, which present a narrative of jesus' life and death.	the only sources for the life of jesus which most christians accept as containing even some historically reliable information about the life of jesus are the four canonical gospels of matthew, mark, luke, and john, which present a narrative of jesus' life and death.
donald mcdonald, chairman of the australian broadcasting corporation	donald mcdonald, chairperson of the australian broadcasting corporation
"the self-proclaimed ""station of the resistance"" (qanat al-muqawama), in its struggle against the zionist enemy, i.e."	"the self-proclaimed ""station of the resistance"" (qanat al-muqawama), in its ""psychological warfare"" against the zionist enemy, i.e."
in 2012, croydon radio, an internet radio station, began serving the area.	in 2012, croydon radio, an internet radio station, began in the area.
lender's bagels is a popular brand of bagels.	lender's bagels is a brand of bagels.
this event will likely create a dazzling type ia supernova and destroy both stars.	this event will likely create a type ia supernova and destroy both stars.
allowing gnu/ linux users to use native microsoft windows vst plugins by using parts of the wine compatibility layer.	allowing linux users to use native microsoft windows vst plugins by using parts of the wine compatibility layer.
a businessman is a person involved in business in particular someone undertaking activities (commercial or industrial) for the purpose of generating cash flow, sales, and revenue utilizing a combination of human, financial, intellectual and physical capital with a view to fuelling economic development and growth.	a businessperson is a person involved in business in particular someone undertaking activities (commercial or industrial) for the purpose of generating cash flow, sales, and revenue utilizing a combination of human, financial, intellectual and physical capital with a view to fuelling economic development and growth.
in contrast to the reputations of some sports fans for hooliganism, the barmy army organisers actively discourage unsavoury behaviour.	in contrast to the reputations of some sports fans for hooliganism, the barmy army organisers actively discourage such behaviour.
portia lee james degeneres (born amanda lee rogers; 31 january 1973), known professionally as portia de rossi , is an australian-american actress, model and philanthropist, best known for her roles as lawyer nelle porter on the television series ally mcbeal and lindsay fnke on the sitcom arrested development.	portia lee james degeneres (born amanda lee rogers; 31 january 1973), known professionally as portia de rossi , is an australian-american actress, model and philanthropist, known for her roles as lawyer nelle porter on the television series ally mcbeal and lindsay fnke on the sitcom arrested development.
the spectator is a weekly british cowardly conservative magazine first published on 6 july 1828. it is currently owned by david and frederick barclay, who also own the daily telegraph newspaper.	the spectator is a weekly british conservative magazine first published on 6 july 1828. it is currently owned by david and frederick barclay, who also own the daily telegraph newspaper.
it has been convincingly argued that this passage represents a radical attempt to redefine relationships between men and women in roman society, advocating a move away from paradigms of force and possession, towards concepts of mutual fulfilment.	it has been argued that this passage represents a radical attempt to redefine relationships between men and women in roman society, advocating a move away from paradigms of force and possession, towards concepts of mutual fulfilment.
for other interpretations of the word anarchism see anarchism (disambiguation).	for less common interpretations of the word anarchism see anarchism (disambiguation).
kelton was a young comedienne in a-list movies during the 1930s, often as the leading lady's wisecracking friend.	kelton was a young comedian in a-list movies during the 1930s, often as the leading lady's wisecracking friend.
2007present: return to mediocrity	2007present: return to contention
penn's jocular speech at the convention encouraged young people to register to vote and defended obama's record.	penn's speech at the convention encouraged young people to register to vote and defended obama's record.
since marcos' name did not appear in the 1942 manila tribune list of ailing prisoners that were released by the japanese, he believed that marcos may have been freed due to his connections with his father.	since marcos' name did not appear in the 1942 manila tribune list of ailing prisoners that were released by the japanese, sharkey believed that marcos may have been freed due to his connections with his father.
lananeeneenoonoo was a british spoof all-girl group consisting of comediennes dawn french, jennifer saunders and kathy burke.	lananeeneenoonoo was a british spoof all-girl group consisting of comedians dawn french, jennifer saunders and kathy burke.
although this episode has been used by some to claim that sacco and vanzetti were guilty and that sinclair knew that when he wrote his novel boston, this account has been debunked by sinclair biographer greg mitchell	although this episode has been used by some to claim that sacco and vanzetti were guilty and that sinclair knew that when he wrote his novel boston, this account has been disputed by sinclair biographer greg mitchell
as of may 2018, the restructuring practice of the company is being sued for knowingly misleading courts in order to land clients .	as of may 2018, the restructuring practice of the company is being sued by a competitor claiming knowingly misleading courts in order to land clients .
in summary, realists think that mankind is not inherently benevolent but rather self-centered and competitive.	in summary, realists think that humankind is not inherently benevolent but rather self-centered and competitive.
campus: 28 major buildings, 333 acres and one beautiful river	campus: 28 major buildings, 333 acres and one river
unfortunately , this system is incomplete.	however , this system is incomplete.
"critically churchill's orders did not explicitly state what he meant by ""superior forces""."	"churchill's orders did not explicitly state what he meant by ""superior forces""."
it is a supporter of a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, and is a defender of israel's self-evident right to exist within safe and secure boundaries.	it is a supporter of a two-state solution to the israeli-palestinian conflict, and is a defender of israel's right to exist within safe and secure boundaries.
the railway traverses this pleasant district of moorland and woodland to silkeborg.	the railway traverses this district of moorland and woodland to silkeborg.
the fox news channel (fnc), commonly referred to as fox or fox news, is a major american cable news and satellite channel owned by the fox entertainment group, a subsidiary of news corporation.	the fox news channel (fnc), commonly referred to as fox or fox news, is a ridiculous american cable news and satellite channel owned by the fox entertainment group, a subsidiary of news corporation.
the other two crates are owned by knb fx co-owner greg nicotero (who purchased it from legendary special effects artist tom savini) and creepshow soundtrack composer john harrison.	the other two crates are owned by knb fx co-owner greg nicotero (who purchased it from special effects artist tom savini) and creepshow soundtrack composer john harrison.
steve wiebe, a gentlemen competitor from redmond, wa, got this screen when he attempted to beat billy mitchell's donkey kong high score on g4tv at e3 2009. it was the first kill screen to be broadcast on live television.	steve wiebe, a competitor from redmond, wa, got this screen when he attempted to beat billy mitchell's donkey kong high score on g4tv at e3 2009. it was the first kill screen to be broadcast on live television.
the kidnapping and murder of nissim toledano began on 13 december 1992, when a squad of hamas terrorists kidnapped israeli border policeman senior sergeant nissim toledano in lod.	the kidnapping and murder of nissim toledano began on 13 december 1992, when a squad of hamas kidnapped israeli border policeman senior sergeant nissim toledano in lod.
"walker released the track ""fade"" on 17 august 2014. the track gained attention after its re-release via the well-known record label nocopyrightsounds on 19 november."	"walker released the track ""fade"" on 17 august 2014. the track gained attention after its re-release via the record label nocopyrightsounds on 19 november."
the emin web site (see below) gives a good basic introduction to the philosophy behind the template foundation.	the emin web site (see below) gives a basic introduction to the philosophy behind the template foundation.
deep packet inspection is considered by many to both undermine the infrastructure of the internet.	deep packet inspection is considered by many to undermine the infrastructure of the internet.
leftist organizations were waging campaigns against the autocracy, and had wide support.	leftist terrorist groups were waging campaigns against the autocracy, and had wide support.
on december 4 1972, parnell abducted steven stayner with the unwitting help of edward ervin murphy, a co-worker at the yosemite hotel where parnell worked as a night auditor.	on december 4 1972, parnell abducted steven stayner with the help of edward ervin murphy, a co-worker at the yosemite hotel where parnell worked as a night auditor.
since 1946, he has lived next to the ganges in gangotri, at 10,400 feet, in a modest hut (kuti) which his master swami tapovan bequeathed to him on his passing .	since 1946, he has lived next to the ganges in gangotri, at 10,400 feet, in a modest hut (kuti) which his master swami tapovan bequeathed to him on his death .
pilgrims to the monastery have been replaced by hikers attracted by the natural beauty of the valley, which bears the same name.	pilgrims to the monastery have been replaced by hikers attracted by the natural environment of the valley, which bears the same name.
clarence darrow defense attorney at the infamous scopes monkey trial.	clarence darrow defense attorney at the scopes monkey trial .
it has been estimated that genghis khan is a common grandfather to some 16 million men .	it has been estimated that genghis khan is a common grandfather to some 16 million people .
eleonora and marie also had another sister called anna who sadly died at the age of 14, the rest of eleonora and marie's siblings died during childhood also.	eleonora and marie also had another sister called anna who died at the age of 14, the rest of eleonora and marie's siblings died during childhood also.
on the may 24, 2007 episode of the colbert report, colbert interviewed wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales.	on the may 24, 2007 episode of the colbert report, colbert interviewed wikipedia founder jimmy wales.
glenn beck (born february 10, 1964) is a controversial conservative american talk-radio and television host.	glenn beck (born february 10, 1964) is a conservative american talk-radio and television host.
dewberries are common throughout most of the northern hemisphere, sometimes thought of as a nuisance weed, but the leaves can be used for a tea, and the berries are sweet and delicious .	dewberries are common throughout most of the northern hemisphere, sometimes thought of as a nuisance weed, but the leaves can be used for a tea, and the berries are sweet and edible .
lee explained that the letter sent to mrs nguyen had arrived a day earlier than anticipated.	lee said that the letter sent to mrs nguyen had arrived a day earlier than anticipated.
although outwardly masts may appear irrational or even insane, meher baba claimed that their spiritual status was actually quite elevated, and that by meeting with them, he helped them to move forward spiritually while enlisting their aid in his spiritual work.	although outwardly masts may appear irrational or even insane, meher baba said that their spiritual status was actually quite elevated, and that by meeting with them, he helped them to move forward spiritually while enlisting their aid in his spiritual work.
a 1-10 to 0-11 victory gave o'gorman a coveted championship medal.	a 1-10 to 0-11 victory gave o'gorman a cork junior hurling championship medal.
the philadelphia experiment was allegedly a secret experiment conducted by the u.s. navy at the philadelphia naval shipyard at philadelphia, pennsylvania, on or before october 28, 1943, which went horribly awry.	the philadelphia experiment was allegedly a secret experiment conducted by the u.s. navy at the philadelphia naval shipyard at philadelphia, pennsylvania, on or before october 28, 1943, which went awry.
on 22 march 2011 the high court rightfully overturned the previous judgement that authorised taher's execution by a military tribunal while the nation was under martial law.	on 22 march 2011 the high court overturned the previous judgement that authorised taher's execution by a military tribunal while the nation was under martial law.
gresham sykes and david matza's neutralization theory explains how deviants justify their deviant behaviours by providing alternative definitions of their actions and by providing explanations, to themselves and others, for the lack of guilt for actions in particular situations.	gresham sykes and david matza's neutralization theory explains how deviants justify their deviant behaviors by providing alternative definitions of their actions and by providing explanations, to themselves and others, for the lack of guilt for actions in particular situations.
conan and the manhunters is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan and the manhunters is a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
animated polemics arose among the catholic scholars of france on the apostolate of st. benignus.	animated polemics arose among the scholars of france on the apostolate of st. benignus.
kelly o'donnell (b. may 17) is a female political reporter for nbc news.	kelly o'donnell (b. may 17) is a political reporter for nbc news.
on 2nd may 1916, david kent, his mother mrs rice kent and three brothersthomas, william and richardwere involved in a gunfight with members of the royal irish constabulary (ric) during an arrest operation following the failed easter rising in dublin.	on 2nd may 1916, david kent, his mother mrs rice kent and three brothersthomas, william and richardwere involved in a gunfight with members of the royal irish constabulary (ric) during an arrest operation following the easter rising in dublin.
his novel the song of names, a tale of two boys growing up in wartime london, appeared in 2001 and went on to win the prestigious 2002 whitbread award for first novel.	his novel the song of names, a tale of two boys growing up in wartime london, appeared in 2001 and went on to win the 2002 whitbread award for first novel.
chapel hill high school has more than 20 mediocre athletic teams.	chapel hill high school has more than 20 athletic teams.
"irreducible complexity is the discredited argument that certain biological systems are absolutely too complex to have evolved naturally from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."	"irreducible complexity is the controversial argument that certain biological systems are absolutely too complex to have evolved naturally from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."
the roc administration of taiwan under chen yi was strained by increasing tensions between taiwanese -born people and newly arrived mainlanders, which were compounded by economic woes, such as hyperinflation.	the roc administration of taiwan under chen yi was strained by increasing tensions between taiwanese people and newly arrived mainlanders, which were compounded by economic woes, such as hyperinflation.
he asserts that new york giants baseball player fred merkle should not be denied inclusion into the baseball hall of fame because of a baserunning mistake.	he argues that new york giants baseball player fred merkle should not be denied inclusion into the baseball hall of fame because of a baserunning mistake.
however, transylvania had a large hungarian minority, of about 30% according to the controversed 1910 census.	however, transylvania had a large hungarian minority, of about 30% according to the 1910 census.
the area is a major hub for conventions, golf tournaments and other attractions.	the area is a hub for conventions, golf tournaments and other attractions.
the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a terrorist group, aiming to create an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referred to as kurdistan) that consists of parts of south-eastern turkey, north-eastern iraq, north-eastern syria and north-western iran.	the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a militant group, aiming to create an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referred to as kurdistan) that consists of parts of south-eastern turkey, north-eastern iraq, north-eastern syria and north-western iran.
moussaka was featured as a hilarious plot element in the saturday night live skit 'love-ahs' featuring christopher walken.	moussaka was featured as a plot element in the saturday night live skit 'love-ahs' featuring christopher walken.
"direct actions have included scuttling commercial fishing vessels while in harbor, disabling and ""stink bombing"" of vessels in harbor and at sea, illegal boarding of whaling vessels while at sea, and seizure and destruction of drift nets at sea."	"direct actions have included scuttling commercial fishing vessels while in harbor, disabling and ""stink bombing"" of vessels in harbor and at sea, extralegal boarding of whaling vessels while at sea, and seizure and destruction of drift nets at sea."
the australian comedienne pam ann uses the fantana jingle as a catchphrase when she does her routine as the iberia airlines stewardess conchita rosa mara gonzlez gmez in her shows.	the australian comedian pam ann uses the fantana jingle as a catchphrase when she does her routine as the iberia airlines stewardess conchita rosa mara gonzlez gmez in her shows.
that prevents children from getting at any dangerous contents.	that is designed to prevent children from getting at any dangerous contents.
sant longowal institute of engineering and technology or sliet is a leading technical college in north india.	sant longowal institute of engineering and technology or sliet is a technical college in north india.
the letter originated from the rune in the elder fuark and was called thorn in the anglo-saxon and thorn or thurs (a category of beings in germanic paganism ) in the scandinavian rune poems.	the letter originated from the rune in the elder fuark and was called thorn in the anglo-saxon and thorn or thurs (a category of beings in germanic indo-european religion and cosmology ) in the scandinavian rune poems.
child trends is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research center based in bethesda, maryland that conducts research on children, children's families, child well-being, and improving children's lives.	child trends is a nonprofit, nonpartisan research center based in bethesda, maryland that conducts research on children, children's families, child well-being, and factors affecting children's lives.
when he was twenty-four, smith published the book of mormon; and by the time of his death fourteen years later, he had attracted tens of thousands of followers and had founded a religion and a religious culture that continues to the present.	when he was twenty-four, smith claimed he translated the book of mormon; and by the time of his death fourteen years later, he had attracted tens of thousands of followers and had founded a religion and a religious culture that continues to the present.
they want all americans to have free health care coverage and guaranteed pensions, and are vehemently opposed to the idea of privatizing any of these institutions.	they want all americans to have health care coverage and guaranteed pensions, and are vehemently opposed to the idea of privatizing any of these institutions.
the interior of the san agustn church in intramuros, with magnificent trompe l'oeil mural on its ceiling and walls	the interior of the san agustn church in intramuros, with trompe l'oeil mural on its ceiling and walls
heaven is an afterlife concept found in many religions or spiritual philosophies.	heaven is a fictional afterlife concept found in many religions or spiritual philosophies.
the st. petersburg times has historically endorsed democratic candidates in united states presidential elections:	the st. petersburg times has endorsed democratic candidates in united states presidential elections:
"on the other hand, ""farsi"" is also encountered frequently in the linguistic literature as a name for the language, used both by iranian and by foreign authors, and is even preferred by some."	"on the other hand, ""farsi"" is also encountered frequently in the linguistic literature as a name for the language, used both by iranian and by foreign authors, and is preferred by some."
parnham previously had a singing voice akin to katherine jenkins however this skill was unfortunately lost after the injury.	parnham previously had a singing voice akin to katherine jenkins however this skill was lost after the injury.
after his stay at the holy city, he traveled extensively and wrote and taught along the way.	after his stay at the city, he traveled extensively and wrote and taught along the way.
"ernst mayr claimed that there was ""nothing of any real consequence in biology after lucretius and galen until the renaissance."""	"ernst mayr states that there was ""nothing of any real consequence in biology after lucretius and galen until the renaissance."""
established in 1893, the present campus is located in an attractive environment of neo-spanish architecture, green lawns, hundred-year-old oak trees, and is nestled against the san gabriel mountains.	established in 1893, the present campus is located in an environment of neo-spanish architecture, green lawns, hundred-year-old oak trees, and is nestled against the san gabriel mountains.
it was announced on june 8, 2011 that korn will unfortunately be composing the theme song for silent hill: downpour.	it was announced on june 8, 2011 that korn will be composing the theme song for silent hill: downpour.
bond did a great performance at the miss universe contest in panama city .	bond did a performance at the miss universe contest in panama city .
these fees easily approach $150,000 for a single product in high-demand markets.	these fees can approach $150,000 for a single product in high-demand markets.
oasis (band) , a popular rock band from manchester, england	oasis (band), a rock band from manchester, england
this baptism made eastern orthodoxy the state religion of rus', and marked the beginning of the ukrainian apostolic churches, greek catholic/greek ukrainian orthodox church, and eventually led to the christianization of belarus and russia.	this baptism made eastern christianity , under the patriarchate of constantinople the state religion of rus', and marked the beginning of the ukrainian apostolic churches, greek catholic/greek ukrainian orthodox church, and eventually led to the christianization of belarus and russia.
an example is a simple farmer whose only concern in life is to work his fields to feed him and his family.	an example is a simple farmer whose only concern in life is to work his fields to feed himself and his family.
(4) to back up penn, schoen & berlands questionable work the program interviews gustavo coronel and ricardo hausmann.	(4) to back up penn, schoen & berlands work the program interviews gustavo coronel and ricardo hausmann.
hamas is widely regarded as a terrorist organization by many national governments.	hamas is regarded as a terrorist organization by many national governments.
the modern state of israel claims its roots in the land of israel, a concept central to judaism for over three thousand years.	the modern state of israel has its roots in the land of israel, a concept central to judaism for over three thousand years.
"on february 12 1999, 45 senators voted ""guilty"" while 55 senators voted ""not guilty"" to the charge of obstruction of justice, and the senate voted 50-50 on the charge of perjury, far short of the constitutional requirement of a two-thirds majority to convict and remove an office holder."	"on february 12 1999, 45 senators voted ""guilty"" while 55 senators voted ""not guilty"" to the charge of obstruction of justice, and the senate voted 50-50 on the charge of perjury, short of the constitutional requirement of a two-thirds majority to convict and remove an office holder."
organizations in favor of nominal campaign finance reform include common cause, democracy 21, and democracy matters.	organizations in favor of campaign finance reform include common cause, democracy 21, and democracy matters.
according to dlm teachings, only a perfect master can initiate people into knowledge, the meditation techniques that are the only way of revealing god.	according to dlm teachings, only a perfect master can initiate people into knowledge, the meditation techniques that were claimed to be the only way of revealing god.
plotkin was also featured in the 1995 documentary blood brothers: bruce springsteen and the e street band (2000), which documented an unmemorable e-street band recording session five years after it happened.	plotkin was also featured in the 1995 documentary blood brothers: bruce springsteen and the e street band (2000), which documented an e-street band recording session five years after it happened.
"peter ""pete"" beale is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by peter dean."	"peter ""pete"" beale is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by peter dean."
"his father, augustus halvorsen ""gus"" hilton, was an immigrant from norway, and his devout catholic mother, mary genevieve (ne laufersweiler), was an american of german descent."	"his father, augustus halvorsen ""gus"" hilton, was an immigrant from norway, and his catholic mother, mary genevieve (ne laufersweiler), was an american of german descent."
welcome to the world, the second single from this album, released in march of 2009 has reached #74 already on the us pop 100. .	welcome to the world, the second single from this album, released in march of 2009 has reached #74 on the us pop 100. .
a child would inherit his/her father's surname.	a child would inherit their father's surname.
more recently, he has attracted controversy for his public opposition to the mainstream scientific consensus on global warming.	more recently, he has attracted controversy for his public opposition to the mainstream scientific opinion on global warming.
"the eastern fraser valley is also known colloquially as the ""bible belt"" of b.c."	"the south shore of the central and upper fraser valley is also known colloquially as the ""bible belt"" of b.c."
coyote has been compared to both the scandinavian loki, and also prometheus, who shared with coyote the trick of having stolen fire from the gods as a gift for mankind , and anansi, a mythological culture hero from western african mythology.	coyote has been compared to both the scandinavian loki, and also prometheus, who shared with coyote the trick of having stolen fire from the gods as a gift for humanity , and anansi, a mythological culture hero from western african mythology.
the football team has enjoyed tremendous success over the past tdecade, though the major turning point of the football program was a game in 1994, at autzen stadium against the perennial football power and border rival, the university of washington huskies.	the football team has enjoyed success over the past tdecade, though the major turning point of the football program was a game in 1994, at autzen stadium against the perennial football power and border rival, the university of washington huskies.
the official symbol of the paramilitary force was a red-blue-white flag, the serb tricolor.	the official symbol of the paramilitary force was a red-blue-white flag, the slavic tricolor.
ariel merari is a retired professor and world-renowned terrorism expert.	ariel merari is a retired professor and terrorism expert.
marshall is best known for it's wonderful cross-section of 19th- and early 20th-century architecture.	marshall is best known for it's cross-section of 19th- and early 20th-century architecture.
after his mother's passing and burial in saint denis basilica in paris (597), clotaire ii continued the struggle against queen brunhilda of austrasia, and finally triumphed in 613 when brunhilda's own followers betrayed the old queen into his hands.	after his mother's death and burial in saint denis basilica in paris (597), clotaire ii continued the struggle against queen brunhilda of austrasia, and finally triumphed in 613 when brunhilda's own followers betrayed the old queen into his hands.
the free papua movement (indonesian: organisasi papua merdeka, abbreviated opm) is an indigenous organization established in 1965 to promote self-determination and liberation of west papua from the republic of indonesia.	the free papua movement (indonesian: organisasi papua merdeka, abbreviated opm) is an indigenous organization established in 1965 to promote self-determination and secession of west papua from the republic of indonesia.
advocates argue that defending the victims of repression or discrimination does not itself constitute intolerance.	advocates argue that defending those who they see as victims of repression or discrimination does not itself constitute intolerance.
gun politics is a set of legal issues surrounding the ownership, use, and control of firearms as well as safety issues related to firearms both through their direct use and through legal and criminal use.	gun politics is a set of legal issues surrounding the ownership, use, and regulation of firearms as well as safety issues related to firearms both through their direct use and through legal and criminal use.
the less important string functions are:	the less common string functions are:
those in rc who are aware of the connection with hubbard sometimes dismiss it as irrelevant not only because jackins died in 1999 but also because the practical benefits of rc occur independently of whether this link is true or widely exposed.	those in rc who are aware of the connection with hubbard sometimes dismiss it as irrelevant not only because jackins died in 1999 but also because (they believe) practical benefits of rc occur independently of whether this link is true or widely exposed.
"the flagship s90i model offers a comprehensive set of features such as bluetooth handsfree, built-in traffic alerts (tmc), pre-loaded safety camera data, text-to-speech (tts), navpix camera and 4.3"" widescreen display."	"the flagship s90i model offers a comprehensive set of features such as bluetooth handsfree, built-in traffic alerts (tmc), pre-loaded speed camera data, text-to-speech (tts), navpix camera and 4.3"" widescreen display."
magic is the claimed art of altering things either by supernatural means or through knowledge of occult natural laws unknown to science.	magic is the art of altering things either by supernatural means or through knowledge of occult natural laws unknown to science.
criticism of muhammad has existed since the 7th century, when he was attacked by his pagan contemporaries for preaching monothiesm, his marriage and military expeditions.	criticism of muhammad has existed since the 7th century, when he was attacked by his polytheist contemporaries for preaching monothiesm, his marriage and military expeditions.
—common ending words of the wedding vow	—common ending words of a christian wedding vow
he went on to study at the prestigious imperial college london departments of physics and mathematics, and was part way through a ph.d. programme at imperial college, studying reflected light from interstellar dust and the velocity of dust in the plane of the solar system, when queen became successful.	he went on to study at the imperial college london departments of physics and mathematics, and was part way through a ph.d. programme at imperial college, studying reflected light from interstellar dust and the velocity of dust in the plane of the solar system, when queen became successful.
many praised the fascinating soundtrack, composed by prince.	many praised the soundtrack, composed by prince.
"the incident became infamous as the ""bug game."""	"the incident became known as the ""bug game."""
tracksuits were very popular with the hip hop and breakdancing scene of the 1980s.	tracksuits were popular with the hip hop and breakdancing scene of the 1980s.
"the lyrics to ""happy birthday to you"" can be found on the purported copyright owner's website."	"the lyrics to ""happy birthday to you"" can be found on the copyright owner's website."
the type 45 is fitted with an innovative integrated electric propulsion (iep) system.	the type 45 is fitted with an integrated electric propulsion (iep) system.
range of missiles launched from gaza strip	range of rockets launched from gaza strip
millions depend on the polluted ganges river.	millions depend on the ganges river.
rotten.com's biased article on padilla	rotten.com's article on padilla
one of craft's major projects involves researching and publishing reports of alleged pedophilia and child molestation within the naturist movement.	one of craft's major projects involves researching and publishing reports of alleged pedophilia and child molestation within the clothes free movement.
despite significant anti-war activity in the state and southern indiana's ancestral ties to the southern united states, it was a mainstay of the union war effort, and hunted down disloyal elements.	despite significant anti-war activity in the state and southern indiana's ancestral ties to the southern united states, it was a mainstay of the union war effort, and hunted down rebel elements.
lowe-porter, whose skillful renditions helped create mann's popularity in the english-speaking world.	lowe-porter, whose renditions helped create mann's popularity in the english-speaking world.
"the book of axum, an ethiopian chronicle dating from the country's christian era, states that the name is derived from ""'ityopp'is"", a son (unmentioned in the bible) of cush, son of ham who according to history founded the city of aksum."	"the book of axum, an ethiopian chronicle dating from the country's christian era, states that the name is derived from ""'ityopp'is"", a son (unmentioned in the bible) of cush, son of ham who according to legend founded the city of aksum."
it is home to around 4,000 marines and has been a key us military airbase since the island was liberated by the americans in 1945.	it is home to around 4,000 marines and has been a key us military airbase since the island was occupied by the americans in 1945.
"andr ""dede"" ayew (born december 17, 1989 in seclin, france), is a ghanaian-french footballer who currently plays for french ligue 1 giants olympique de marseille."	"andr ""dede"" ayew (born december 17, 1989 in seclin, france), is a ghanaian-french footballer who currently plays for french ligue 1 club olympique de marseille."
a memorable feature of the show is every episodes ending with a pair of 30-second clips (known as planeteer alerts) in which the characters inform the viewers on ways that they can help the environment, by joining organizations or writing government officials to voice their opinions on specific issues.	a feature of the show is every episodes ending with a pair of 30-second clips (known as planeteer alerts) in which the characters inform the viewers on ways that they can help the environment, by joining organizations or writing government officials to voice their opinions on specific issues.
a christian is a person who adheres to christianity, a monotheistic religion centred on the life and teachings of jesus christ as presented in the new testament and interpreted by christians to have been prophesied in the hebrew bible/old testament .	a christian is a person who adheres to christianity, a monotheistic religion centred on the life and teachings of jesus of nazareth as presented in the new testament and interpreted by christians to have been prophesied in the hebrew bible/old testament .
the american association of petroleum geologists is the only scientific society that rejects these conclusions, and a few individual scientists also disagree with parts of them.	the american association of petroleum geologists is the only scientific society that rejects these conclusions, and a individual scientists also disagree with parts of them.
the term is believed to have been coined by ron arnold, a founder of the anti-environmental wise use movement and author of ecoterror: the violent agenda to save nature.	the term is believed to have been coined by ron arnold, a founder of the wise use movement and author of ecoterror: the violent agenda to save nature.
by comparison, metacritic calculated an average score of 41. however, imdb users gave it a mediocre 6.1 out of 10.	by comparison, metacritic calculated an average score of 41. however, imdb users gave it a 6.1 out of 10.
avril angers, 87, british comedienne and actress, pneumonia.	avril angers, 87, british comedian and actress, pneumonia.
his first in a lengthy series of collaborations with legendary exploitation producer david f. friedman, living venus (1961), was a fictitious account based on the story of hugh hefner and the beginnings of playboy.	his first in a lengthy series of collaborations with exploitation producer david f. friedman, living venus (1961), was a fictitious account based on the story of hugh hefner and the beginnings of playboy.
he is a founder and the president of the david horowitz freedom center, edits the conservative tabloid frontpage magazine, and writes for christopher ruddy's conservative website newsmax.	he is a founder and the president of the david horowitz freedom center, edits the conservative frontpage magazine, and writes for christopher ruddy's conservative website newsmax.
the government appealed their sentences and successfully pursued harsher punishments because their crime involved a large-scale unlawful assembly with a high risk of violence.	the government appealed their sentences and successfully pursued harsher punishments on the ground that their crime involved a large-scale unlawful assembly with a high risk of violence.
"a lifelong moderate republican, mccain's american conservative union total rating is 82 percent with a 65 percent rating for 2006. however, mccain has supported some initiatives not agreed upon by his own party and has been called a ""maverick"" by certain members of the american media."	"a lifelong republican, mccain's american conservative union total rating is 82 percent with a 65 percent rating for 2006. however, mccain has supported some initiatives not agreed upon by his own party and has been called a ""maverick"" by certain members of the american media."
vulnerable great white sharks have been captured and shot in western australia's controversial shark culling policy.	great white sharks have been captured and shot in western australia's controversial shark culling policy.
the decision, which contained a declaration of the dignity of homosexual citizens, was celebrated by gay rights activists , hoping that further legal advances might result as a consequence; the decision was lamented by social conservatives for the same reason.	the decision, which contained a declaration of the dignity of homosexual citizens, was celebrated by gay rights advocates , hoping that further legal advances might result as a consequence; the decision was lamented by social conservatives for the same reason.
rubina is an emotional track by virtuoso guitarist joe satriani, featured on his debut album, not of this earth, released in 1986. it is the third track on the album and the recorded album version is 5 minutes 50 seconds in length.	rubina is an emotional track by guitarist joe satriani, featured on his debut album, not of this earth, released in 1986. it is the third track on the album and the recorded album version is 5 minutes 50 seconds in length.
however, selection of bright children to attend grammar school became increasingly controversial in the post-war years.	however, selection of academical gifted children to attend grammar school became increasingly controversial in the post-war years.
ives was identified in the infamous 1950 pamphlet red channels and blacklisted as an entertainer with supposed communist ties.	ives was identified in the 1950 pamphlet red channels and blacklisted as an entertainer with supposed communist ties.
this attempt to colonise the shores of the strait ended tragically when the settlers starved or froze to death, and when the next english navigator, thomas cavendish landed at the site in 1587 he found only ruins of the settlement.	this attempt to colonise the shores of the strait ended when the settlers starved or froze to death, and when the next english navigator, thomas cavendish landed at the site in 1587 he found only ruins of the settlement.
michael mackintosh foot (born 23 july 1913) is an english politician and writer.	michael mackintosh foot (born 23 july 1913) is an british politician and writer.
the way also believed that all members pay at least ten percent of their income to the way international.	the way also required that all members pay at least ten percent of their income to the way international.
casuals united also known as uk casuals united is a british far-right hooligan group.	casuals united also known as uk casuals united is a british hooligan group.
dame helen mirren, dbe (born 26 july 1945) is an english actress .	dame helen mirren, dbe (born 26 july 1945) is an english actor .
prohibition of alcohol was repealed in the united states, and there are efforts to legalize cannabis is many countries, and some radical reformers	prohibition of alcohol was repealed in the united states, and there are efforts to legalize cannabis is many countries, and some reformers
despite the constant effort by politicians to win the war on drugs, the u.s. is still the worlds largest importer of illegal drugs.	despite the constant effort by the federal and state governments to win the war on drugs, the u.s. is still the worlds largest importer of illegal drugs.
argentina would have been a better choice for the graf spee to have found haven in.	the port of mar del plata, on the argentine coast, would have been a better choice for the graf spee to have found haven in.
some progressive groups and individuals have questioned limbaugh's accuracy.	some groups and individuals have questioned limbaugh's accuracy.
these are underground productions which people supposedly buy for sexual pleasure, but due to the horrific cruelty dealt to animals as a result, these films have been made illegal in some regions.	these are underground productions which people supposedly buy for sexual pleasure, but due to the cruelty dealt to animals as a result, these films have been made illegal in some regions.
according to the hitchhiker's guide, researchers taking the form of mice, which are actually 3-dimensional profiles of a pan-dimensional, hyper -intelligent race of beings, construct deep thought, the second greatest computer of all time and space, to calculate the answer to the ultimate question.	according to the hitchhiker's guide, researchers taking the form of mice, which are actually 3-dimensional profiles of a pan-dimensional, hyptttttttttttttter -intelligent race of beings, construct deep thought, the second greatest computer of all time and space, to calculate the answer to the ultimate question.
nikos sarganis (born 13 january 1954) is a legendary greek retired football goalkeeper.	nikos sarganis (born 13 january 1954) is a greek retired football goalkeeper.
when provided with these things they make wonderful affectionate pets and can be quite hardy in a captive environment.	when provided with these things they make affectionate pets and can be quite hardy in a captive environment.
"the conspiracy charge against snipes included allegations that he filed a false amended return including a false tax refund claim of over us$4 million for the year 1996 and a false amended return including a false tax refund claim of over us$7.3 million for the year 1997. the government alleged that snipes attempted to obtain fraudulent tax refunds using a discredited tax protester theory called the ""861 argument"" (essentially, an argument that the domestic income of u.s. citizens and residents is not taxable)."	"the conspiracy charge against snipes included allegations that he filed a false amended return including a false tax refund claim of over us$4 million for the year 1996 and a false amended return including a false tax refund claim of over us$7.3 million for the year 1997. the government alleged that snipes attempted to obtain fraudulent tax refunds using a tax protester theory called the ""861 argument"" (essentially, an argument that the domestic income of u.s. citizens and residents is not taxable)."
sea ray manufactures boats ranging from 17 foot power cruisers to over 60 foot yachts, including the well-known sundancer brand.	sea ray manufactures boats ranging from 17 foot power cruisers to over 60 foot yachts, including the sundancer brand.
after the first world war defeat of germany, a new danger occupied the political consciousnessthe spread of communism.	after the first world war defeat of germany, a new danger occupied conservatives' political consciousnessthe spread of communism.
"goldberg warned hasselbeck to ""back off a little"" and asked her if she ""had ever been in that position to make that decision""."	"goldberg told hasselbeck to ""back off a little"" and asked her if she ""had ever been in that position to make that decision""."
the prior existence of the word was apparently first pointed out by linguist and oed consultant benjamin zimmer.	the prior existence of the word was first pointed out by linguist and oed consultant benjamin zimmer.
since its founding in 1949, the prc has been led by the communist party of china (cpc) under a one-party authoritarian system.	since its founding in 1949, the prc has been led by the communist party of china (cpc) under a one-party system.
however, the chief of sla later admitted that sla had suffered nearly 400 fatalities while ltte only lost about 30 fighters.	however, the chief of sla later admitted that sla had suffered nearly 400 fatalities while ltte lost about 30 fighters.
nose piercing was first done in the middle-east about 4,000 years ago.	nose piercing was first performed in the middle-east about 4,000 years ago.
in the 2009 season the pirates lost two heartbreaking early season games to north carolina and west virgina before going on to win the c-usa east division title for the second straight year.	in the 2009 season the pirates lost two early season games to north carolina and west virgina before going on to win the c-usa east division title for the second straight year.
the tale of zipporah at the inn, is one of the more unusual, curious, and much-debated, passages of the torah .	the tale of zipporah at the inn, is one of the more unusual, curious, and much-debated, passages of the pentateuch .
wanda coleman (birth name, wanda evans) (born november 13, 1946) is an award-winning american poet.	wanda coleman (birth name, wanda evans) (born november 13, 1946) is an american poet.
it was established in 1947 and named after the macedonian enlightener kiril peychinovich.	it was established in 1947 and named after the enlightener kiril peychinovich.
disadvantages of older versions before 2009	criticism of older versions before 2009
it stores audio on a built-in hard drive, which gives it much larger capacity than other portable audio players that rely on flash memory.	it stores audio on a built-in hard drive, which gives it much larger capacity than portable audio players that rely on flash memory.
hispanics now account for approximately 22% of residents and the city has a significant homosexual community.	hispanics now account for approximately 22% of residents and the city has a significant lgbt community.
"opus dei then is ""a smiling asceticism."""	"opus dei , in the words of escriva, is ""a smiling asceticism."""
in 2007 beckwith returned to roman catholicism from evangelical christianity.	in 2007 beckwith converted to roman catholicism from evangelical christianity.
gricel mamery muoz mayagez, puerto rico is a puerto rican television hostess and comedienne , best known for her appearance on the puerto rican show anda pa'l cara, and as a color commentator for the spanish language program despierta amrica, broadcast across the united states, puerto rico and some regions of mexico.	gricel mamery muoz mayagez, puerto rico is a puerto rican television hostess and comedian , best known for her appearance on the puerto rican show anda pa'l cara, and as a color commentator for the spanish language program despierta amrica, broadcast across the united states, puerto rico and some regions of mexico.
was intended to represent the absolute pinnacle of automobile engineering, and when introduced in 1963 it had no peers.	was intended to represent the absolute pinnacle of automobile engineering, and when introduced in 1963 is considered by many to have had no peers.
in a post-credits scene, a mysterious spear shoots down from the moon and impales unit-01 in the middle of its apotheosis, neutralizing it and stopping third impact.	in a post-credits scene, a spear shoots down from the moon and impales unit-01 in the middle of its apotheosis, neutralizing it and stopping third impact.
phage therapy can be effective in situations where antibiotics fail.	phage therapy can be used in situations where antibiotics fail.
the first mission re-creates the assassination of abu musab al-zarqawi.	the first mission re-creates the killing of abu musab al-zarqawi.
"the fringe green party of england and wales has described nuclear power as ""deplorable"" ."	"the green party of england and wales has described nuclear power as ""deplorable"" ."
"he would lure innocent 10-14 year olds to the back roads of henderson county, north carolina with the promise to teach them how to drive, but instead perform oral sex on them, calling it ""god's special way for his people to love each other""."	"he would lure 10-14 year olds to the back roads of henderson county, north carolina with the promise to teach them how to drive, but instead perform oral sex on them, calling it ""god's special way for his people to love each other""."
in january 2014, the christian democratic movement (kdh) announced that it would submit a draft law to criminalize same-sex marriage in the slovak constitution.	in january 2014, the christian democratic movement (kdh) announced that it would submit a draft law to prohibit same-sex marriage in the slovak constitution.
bauz has even campaigned against having centralized or standardized standards of catalan in public education.	bauz has campaigned against having centralized or standardized standards of catalan in public education.
an advance guard moved forward to within sight of el magruntein; the main rafa defences, and reported enemy activity.	an advance guard moved forward to within sight of el magruntein; the main rafa defences, and reported on ottoman activity.
"known as ""the arab capital of israel,"" the population is made up predominantly of palestinian arab citizens of israel."	"known as ""the arab capital of israel,"" the population is made up predominantly of arab citizens of israel."
kevin naff of the washington blade slanderously claimed in an article from october 2005, that smith is gay.	kevin naff of the washington blade claimed in an article from october 2005, that smith is gay.
super men is the nineteen episode in the second season of the popular american crime drama csi: ny.	super men is the nineteen episode in the second season of the american crime drama csi: ny.
"therefore he did not ask permission of some of the best writers he published not only in his underground publications but in his trade imprint, william faro, inc. the reputation of ""that pirate roth"" spread to all corners of the literary establishment."	"he did not ask permission of some of the best writers he published not only in his underground publications but in his trade imprint, william faro, inc. the reputation of ""that pirate roth"" spread to all corners of the literary establishment."
fortunately the hindenburg found a wind at to bring it safely back to friedrichshafen.	the hindenburg found a wind at to bring it safely back to friedrichshafen.
in 2005, howard announced draconian and wide-ranging changes to industrial relations laws which have since been the subject of a national campaign by the union movement and state labor governments.	in 2005, howard announced fundamental and wide-ranging changes to industrial relations laws which have since been the subject of a national campaign by the union movement and state labor governments.
he also threw the chainsaw in the river and put several tree branches through the woodchipper to conceal anything incriminating, but he was found guilty due to circumstantial evidence that pointed to him as the perpetrator in her disappearance and alleged murder.	he also threw the chainsaw in the river and put several tree branches through the woodchipper to conceal anything incriminating, but he was found guilty due to circumstantial evidence that pointed to him as the perpetrator in her disappearance and murder .
the university offers a comprehensive liberal arts program.	the university offers a liberal arts program.
his works include the madman and the kings (awarded the prix aujourdhui in 1976), the messiah, the mysteries of jerusalem, the book of abraham (1986) and its sequel, the children of abraham (1990), the wind of the khazars (2003) a fascinating piece of historical fiction about the khazars, a nomadic kingdom of turkic people in the caucasus who converted to judaism, sarah (2004), zipporah (2005), lilah (2006), and mary of nazareth (2008).	his works include the madman and the kings (awarded the prix aujourdhui in 1976), the messiah, the mysteries of jerusalem, the book of abraham (1986) and its sequel, the children of abraham (1990), the wind of the khazars (2003) a piece of historical fiction about the khazars, a nomadic kingdom of turkic people in the caucasus who converted to judaism, sarah (2004), zipporah (2005), lilah (2006), and mary of nazareth (2008).
the show was apparently referring to the threatening comments delay made about supreme court justices during the terri schiavo controversy.	the show was apparently referring to the comments delay made about supreme court justices during the terri schiavo controversy.
1941 - hungarian and nazi troops march into yugoslavia.	1941 - hungarian and german troops march into yugoslavia.
baha'is do accept converts from all religious and ethnic backgrounds and actively support personal investigation into the faith .	baha'is do accept converts from all religious and ethnic backgrounds and actively support personal investigation into faith .
in addition to remains of coronosaurus, this formation has produced the remains of the theropods saurornitholestes, daspletosaurus, troodon, dromaeosaurus and hesperonychus, the ceratopsids albertaceratops, chasmosaurus, and anchiceratops, the hadrosaurids brachylophosaurus, gryposaurus, parasaurolophus, and corythosaurus, the ornithopod albertadromeus and the ankylosaurid scolosaurus.	in addition to remains of coronosaurus, this formation has produced the remains of the theropods saurornitholestes, daspletosaurus, troodon, dromaeosaurus and hesperonychus, the ceratopsids albertaceratops, chasmosaurus, and anchiceratops, the hadrosaurids brachylophosaurus, gryposaurus, parasaurolophus, and corythosaurus, the thescelosaurid albertadromeus and the ankylosaurid scolosaurus.
"he has been described as the ""greatest arcade-video-game player of all time""."	"he has been claimed by some as the ""greatest arcade-video-game player of all time""."
"an article published later in 2007 in the popular science blog tetropod zoology brought these events to the attention of a wider range of readers, and the controversy was dubbed ""aetogate""."	"an article published later in 2007 in the science blog tetropod zoology brought these events to the attention of a wider range of readers, and the controversy was dubbed ""aetogate""."
the campaign states that esso is:	the campaign claims that esso is:
his second son, mekhi thira phifer jr., was born to his laotian mistress oni souratha in los angeles on 30 october 2007.	his second son, mekhi thira phifer jr., was born to his laotian girlfriend oni souratha in los angeles on 30 october 2007.
arya: a philosophical review was a 64-page monthly magazine written by sri aurobindo and published in india between 1914 and 1921. the majority of the material which initially appeared in the arya was later edited and published in book-form as the life divine, the synthesis of yoga, the secret of the veda, the foundations of indian culture and the ideal of human unity as well as a number of translations of vedic literature.	arya: a philosophical review was a 64-page monthly periodical written by sri aurobindo and published in india between 1914 and 1921. the majority of the material which initially appeared in the arya was later edited and published in book-form as the life divine, the synthesis of yoga, the secret of the veda, the foundations of indian culture and the ideal of human unity as well as a number of translations of vedic literature.
it is available for several operating systems (including gnu/ linux, windows and mac os x ) and is localized into 12 languages.	it is available for several operating systems (including linux, windows and mac os x ) and is localized into 12 languages.
as pointed out by peter landin's 1965 classic a correspondence between algol 60 and church's lambda-notation, sequential procedural programming languages can be understood in terms of the lambda calculus, which provides the basic mechanisms for procedural abstraction and procedure (subprogram) application.	as pointed out by peter landin's 1965 paper a correspondence between algol 60 and church's lambda-notation, sequential procedural programming languages can be understood in terms of the lambda calculus, which provides the basic mechanisms for procedural abstraction and procedure (subprogram) application.
charming story about self determination.	story about self determination.
andrew hunter was active in thoroughly researching and exposing the irish republican army (ira) links with other terrorist groups, including the south african african national congress (anc), and in july 1988 called for margaret thatcher to deport all anc members then in britain, (refer: daily express, 16 july 1988).	andrew hunter was active in thoroughly researching and exposing the irish republican army (ira) links with other groups, including the south african african national congress (anc), and in july 1988 called for margaret thatcher to deport all anc members then in britain, (refer: daily express, 16 july 1988).
the film won the 55th anniversary prize at the 2002 cannes film festival, and received a 13-minute standing ovation at the end of its screening at the socialist festival.	the film won the 55th anniversary prize at the 2002 cannes film festival, and received a 13-minute standing ovation at the end of its screening at the festival.
the nelson-atkins museum opened its stunning euro-style bloch addition in 2007, and the safdie-designed kauffman center for the performing arts opened in 2011. the power and light building is influenced by the art deco style and sports a glowing sky beacon.	the nelson-atkins museum opened its euro-style bloch addition in 2007, and the safdie-designed kauffman center for the performing arts opened in 2011. the power and light building is influenced by the art deco style and sports a glowing sky beacon.
"mansfield believes that ""the war on terror began nearly a quarter of a century earlier (than sept 11th 2001), with the islamic revolution in iran"" and that ""radical islam had declared war on america"" and has stated her belief that islamists were behind the oklahoma city bombing even though the judge in timothy mcveigh's trial rejected ruled such speculations inadmissible."	"mansfield believes that ""the war on terror began nearly a quarter of a century earlier (than sept 11th 2001), with the islamic revolution in iran"" and that ""radical islam had declared war on america"" and has stated her belief that islamists were behind the oklahoma city bombing even though the judge in timothy mcveigh's trial ruled such speculations inadmissible."
the conservative government under john major claimed that privatisation would see an improvement in passenger services.	the conservative government under john major predicted that privatisation would see an improvement in passenger services.
karl marx, the father of communist thought, posited that communism would be the final stage in society, which would be achieved through a proletarian revolution and only possible after a socialist stage develops the productive forces, leading to a superabundance of goods and services.	karl marx, the founder of communist thought, posited that communism would be the final stage in society, which would be achieved through a proletarian revolution and only possible after a socialist stage develops the productive forces, leading to a superabundance of goods and services.
the school traditionally fosters independent and individual thinking.	the school traditionally aims to foster independent and individual thinking.
appointed in 2002, he left his office quietly at the end of july 2006 upon the expiration of his term.	appointed in 2002, he left his office at the end of july 2006 upon the expiration of his term.
born: kaye ballard, actress, comedienne and singer, in cleveland, ohio; robert f. kennedy, politician, in brookline, massachusetts (d. 1968); mark miller, actor, in houston, texas	born: kaye ballard, actress, comedian and singer, in cleveland, ohio; robert f. kennedy, politician, in brookline, massachusetts (d. 1968); mark miller, actor, in houston, texas
by far the largest denomination is the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints which self- reports some 12 million members worldwide.	by far the largest denomination is the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints which reports some 12 million members worldwide.
her use of vernacular imagery and embrace of beauty result in mesmerizing environments that reference the sublime, as did the hudson river school painters.	her use of vernacular imagery and embrace of beauty result in environments that reference the sublime, as did the hudson river school painters.
however, increasingly countries are rightfully restricting lex soli by requiring that at least one of the child's parents be a national of the state in question at the child's birth, or a legal permanent resident of the territory of the state in question at the child's birth, or that the child be a foundling found on the territory of the state in question.	however, increasingly countries are restricting lex soli by requiring that at least one of the child's parents be a national of the state in question at the child's birth, or a legal permanent resident of the territory of the state in question at the child's birth, or that the child be a foundling found on the territory of the state in question.
along with 96% of egyptian women, she is forced to undergo female circumcision as a pre-adolescent.	along with 96% of egyptian women, she is forced to undergo female genital cutting as a pre-adolescent.
computer games often use drm technologies to limit the number of systems the game can be installed on by requiring authentication with an online server.	computer games sometimes use drm technologies to limit the number of systems the game can be installed on by requiring authentication with an online server.
people who climb mountains or fly in depressurized aeroplanes sometimes have supplemental oxygen supplies; the reason is that increasing the proportion of oxygen in the breathing gas at low pressure acts to increase the inspired oxygen partial pressure nearer to that found at sea-level.	people who climb mountains or fly in non-pressurized aeroplanes sometimes have supplemental oxygen supplies; the reason is that increasing the proportion of oxygen in the breathing gas at low pressure acts to increase the inspired oxygen partial pressure nearer to that found at sea-level.
"mohammed told his father ""don't worry, daddy, the ambulance will come and rescue us.""."	"according to matt rees writing in time, muhammed told his father ""don't worry, daddy, the ambulance will come and rescue us.""."
for instance, after 1792, the golden urn was thought to have been used in selecting the 10th, 11th and 12th dalai lamas; but 14th dalai lama, tenzin gyatso has more recently alleged that this was only really used in selection of the 11th.	for instance, after 1792, the golden urn was thought to have been used in selecting the 10th, 11th and 12th dalai lamas; but 14th dalai lama, tenzin gyatso has more recently claimed that this was only really used in selection of the 11th.
buttler was born in belgrade as ljiljana petrovi, the daughter of a croatian singer and a gypsy accordionist.	buttler was born in belgrade as ljiljana petrovi, the daughter of a croatian singer and a romani accordionist.
east jerusalem, along with the rest of the west bank, was part of jordan from 1950 until it fell under israeli occupation in 1967.	east jerusalem, along with the rest of the west bank, was part of jordan from 1950 until it fell under israeli control in 1967.
weiner is an avid advocate of the united states national health care act, which expands medicare to all americans.	weiner is an advocate of the united states national health care act, which expands medicare to all americans.
riewoldt's 2005 season began tragically , as he broke his collarbone in the third quarter of the first regular season game against the brisbane lions.	riewoldt's 2005 season began badly , as he broke his collarbone in the third quarter of the first regular season game against the brisbane lions.
babe ruth, baseball player for the boston red sox and the dreaded new york yankees.	babe ruth, baseball player for the boston red sox and the new york yankees .
legend has it that he grew tired of the constant wars of humans, and sent a thunderbolt to earth that created a magic spring of warm sulphurous water which would pacify mankind .	legend has it that he grew tired of the constant wars of humans, and sent a thunderbolt to earth that created a magic spring of warm sulphurous water which would pacify humankind .
"danielle was featured on the cbc television show called the ""steven and chris show"" in canada which is syndicated across the united states where she made her renowned spinach sausage lasagna."	"danielle was featured on the cbc television show called the ""steven and chris show"" in canada which is syndicated across the united states where she made her spinach sausage lasagna."
in september 2017, the washington post revealed that shulkin spent nearly half his time on a recent international trip to europe, covered by taxpayers, sightseeing and shopping with his wife, merle bari.	in september 2017, the washington post reported that shulkin spent nearly half his time on a recent international trip to europe, covered by taxpayers, sightseeing and shopping with his wife, merle bari.
its basic political principles are defined in the statement of ideology approved at the 19th national congress in 1993. this is organised into the three areas that give the organisation its name: esquerra (commitment to the left's agenda in the political debate), repblica (commitment to the republican form of government vs. spain's current constitutional monarchy) and catalunya (catalan independentism, which, as understood by erc, comprises the so-called catalan countries).	its basic political principles are defined in the statement of ideology approved at the 19th national congress in 1993. this is organised into the three areas that give the organisation its name: esquerra (commitment to the left's agenda in the political debate), repblica (commitment to the republican form of government vs. spain's current constitutional monarchy) and catalunya (catalan independentism, which, as understood by erc, comprises the catalan countries).
at the time of the murder of daniel faulkner, he worked as a taxicab driver for the united cab company in philadelphia and had some prior experience as a reporter for national public radio's affiliate in philadelphia.	at the time of the death of daniel faulkner, he worked as a taxicab driver for the united cab company in philadelphia and had some prior experience as a reporter for national public radio's affiliate in philadelphia.
his execution marked the beginning of the increasingly precipitous decline of the once powerful powhatan confederacy.	his death marked the beginning of the increasingly precipitous decline of the once powerful powhatan confederacy.
the allegations were suspiciously made by two unnamed sources and the execution is said to have taken place in presence of about a dozen iraqi police, four american security men and interior minister falah al-naqib.	the allegations were made by two unnamed sources and the execution is said to have taken place in presence of about a dozen iraqi police, four american security men and interior minister falah al-naqib.
upon its release, the departed opened at #1 at the u.s. box office with a robust gross of us$26,887,467, beating fellow openers employee of the month and the texas chainsaw massacre: the beginning.	upon its release, the departed opened at #1 at the u.s. box office with a gross of us$26,887,467, beating fellow openers employee of the month and the texas chainsaw massacre: the beginning.
"in february 2004, the country suffered a coup d'tat which saw the removal and exile of president jean-bertrand aristide; breaking with the haitian constitution a ""council of the wise"" was set up by the international powers to choose a new prime minister."	"in february 2004, the country experienced a coup d'tat which saw the removal and exile of president jean-bertrand aristide; breaking with the haitian constitution a ""council of the wise"" was set up by the international powers to choose a new prime minister."
it was widely abused and misprescribed in the late 19th century.	it was widely used recreationally and misprescribed in the late 19th century.
in his last paragraph he prophetically stated that;	in his last paragraph he stated that;
crimea was illegally annexed by russia in 2014, after the 2010 russian census.	crimea was annexed by russia in 2014, after the 2010 russian census.
myers also claims that kurzweil picks and chooses events that appear to demonstrate his claim of exponential technological increase leading up to a singularity, and ignores events that do not .	myers also says that kurzweil picks and chooses events that appear to demonstrate his claim of exponential technological increase leading up to a singularity, and ignores events that do not .
in recent years the conservative party has become more clearly eurosceptic, as the labour government has found itself unable to make a positive case for further integration, and eurosceptic or pro-withdrawal parties such as the united kingdom independence party have made showings in uk elections.	in recent years the conservative party has become more clearly eurosceptic, as the labour government has found itself unwilling to make a positive case for further integration, and eurosceptic or pro-withdrawal parties such as the united kingdom independence party have made showings in uk elections.
however, according to some scholars, the persians may have gotten some of their ideas from the jews, and from ezekiel or daniel, rather than the other way around.	however, according to other scholars, the persians may have gotten some of their ideas from the jews, and from ezekiel or daniel, rather than the other way around.
"map of the world showing the medal achievements of each country during the 2012 summer olympics in london, united kingdom.legend:gold: countries that won at least one gold medal;silver: countries that won at least one silver medal;<font color=""cc9966"">brown:</span> countries that won at least one bronze medal;<font color=blue>blue:</span> countries that did not win any medals;<font color=red>red:</span> countries that did not participate in the 2012 summer olympics."	"map of the world showing the medal achievements of each country during the 2012 summer olympics in london, united kingdom.legend:gold: countries that won at least one gold medal;silver: countries that won at least one silver medal;<font color=""cc9966"">brown:</span> countries that won at least one bronze medal;<font color=blue>blue:</span> countries that did not win any medals;<font color=red>red:</span> entities that did not participate in the 2012 summer olympics."
this makes for the second fatality in the stupid rally.	this makes for the second fatality in the rally.
though lieberman's plan would not uproot arab residents from their homes, it would forcibly revoke their israeli citizenship and transfer their sovereignty to the palestinian authority.	though lieberman's plan would not uproot arab residents from their homes, it would revoke their israeli citizenship and transfer their sovereignty to the palestinian authority.
the lowell courier satirized the ludicrous scene at dixon's trial:	the lowell courier satirized the scene at dixon's trial:
his critics say that his government became a dictatorship after the auto-coup, one that was permeated by a vast network of corruption organised by his associate montesinos, who now faces dozens of charges that range from embezzlement to drug trafficking to murder (montesinos is currently on trial in lima).	his critics say that his government became a dictatorship after the auto-coup, one that was permeated by a network of corruption organised by his associate montesinos, who now faces dozens of charges that range from embezzlement to drug trafficking to murder (montesinos is currently on trial in lima).
originally invented by the druggist angelo mariani in 1863, it has become popular worldwide.	originally invented by the pharmacist angelo mariani in 1863, it has become popular worldwide.
afghans display inordinate pride in their country, ancestry, military prowess, and above all, their independence.	afghans display pride in their country, ancestry, military prowess, and above all, their independence.
the point of view characters include women (cordelia in shards of honor, barrayar; ekaterin in komarr and a civil campaign), a gay man (ethan of athos), and a pair of brothers, one of whom is crippled and the other a clone (miles and mark vorkosigan).	the point of view characters include women (cordelia in shards of honor, barrayar; ekaterin in komarr and a civil campaign), a gay man (ethan of athos), and a pair of brothers, one of whom is disabled and the other a clone (miles and mark vorkosigan).
before its initial broadcast, jesus of nazareth came under ideological fire from american extreme protestant fundamentalists, led by bob jones iii, president of bob jones university in south carolina.	before its initial broadcast, jesus of nazareth came under ideological fire from american protestant fundamentalists, led by bob jones iii, president of bob jones university in south carolina.
the relative power vacuum created by the war allowed these groups to launch a revolution.	the relative power vacuum created by the war allowed these groups to launch an attempted revolution.
mollema suffering on sierra road during stage 3 of the 2008 tour of california.	mollema on sierra road during stage 3 of the 2008 tour of california.
her father owned coveted nightspot arthur's in sydney's king's cross.	her father owned the nightspot arthur's in sydney's king's cross.
hollister competition includes retailers such as, but not limited to, american eagle outfitters, gap, aropostale, pac sun, and even the pricier ralph lauren.	hollister competition is often perceived as retailers such as, but not limited to, american eagle outfitters, gap, aropostale, pac sun, and even the pricier ralph lauren.
tom netopil (born in 1975) is a promising young czech conductor emerging on the international classical music circuit.	tom netopil (born in 1975) is a young czech conductor emerging on the international classical music circuit.
dr. cohens idea lay dormant until 1992 when some outsiders approached arbitron with a new idea embed a code into the audio stream and use it to identify what a person watches or listens to.	dr. cohens idea lay dormant until 1992 when outsiders approached arbitron with a new idea embed a code into the audio stream and use it to identify what a person watches or listens to.
prior to invasion, the united states and other coalition forces involved in the 1991 persian gulf war had been engaged in a low-level conflict with iraq, by enforcing the two controversial iraqi no-fly zones in the north and the south of the country.	prior to invasion, the united states and other coalition forces involved in the 1991 persian gulf war had been engaged in a low-level conflict with iraq, by enforcing the two iraqi no-fly zones in the north and the south of the country.
the mekons and the incredibly influential gang of four came out of the 1970s punk movement, whilst in the early to mid 1980s the city was home to a large goth scene, famous local bands including the sisters of mercy.	the mekons and the influential gang of four came out of the 1970s punk movement, whilst in the early to mid 1980s the city was home to a large goth scene, famous local bands including the sisters of mercy.
although the victory at somosierra was more accurately the result of a combined infantry and cavalry attack, with the infantry bearing the heavier fighting, later accounts, napoleon's included, placed all the emphasis on the gallant polish charge.	although the victory at somosierra was more accurately the result of a combined infantry and cavalry attack, with the infantry bearing the heavier fighting, later accounts, napoleon's included, placed all the emphasis on the polish charge.
more recent controlled clinical trials on homeopathy are not particularly convincing.	more recent controlled clinical trials on homeopathy are not as convincing.
lingam, phallic symbol of shiva, which is used for worship.	lingam, symbol of shiva, which is used for worship.
he began his career at nottingham forest in 1977, rising from youth apprentice to become understudy to legendary england international goalkeeper peter shilton.	he began his career at nottingham forest in 1977, rising from youth apprentice to become understudy to england international goalkeeper peter shilton.
niketas choniates tells us that isaac ii angelus, in order to raise money for the wedding of the daughter of king bela iii of hungary, levied a new tax which fell heavily on the vlachs of the haemus mountains.	niketas choniates tells us that isaac ii angelus, in order to raise money for the wedding of the daughter of king bela iii of hungary, levied a new tax which fell heavily on the population of the haemus mountains.
in the early 1990s and later on, kirill was accused of having close links to the kgb during much of the soviet period, as were many members of the russian orthodox church hierarchy, and of pursuing the states interests before those of the church.	in the early 1990s and later on, kirill was accused of having links to the kgb during much of the soviet period, as were many members of the russian orthodox church hierarchy, and of pursuing the states interests before those of the church.
over a decade later, lumley's career was boosted by her authentic portrayal of the louche, solipsistic and frequently drunken fashion director patsy stone in the bbc comedy television series absolutely fabulous (19921996) and (20012004).	over a decade later, lumley's career was boosted by her portrayal of the louche, solipsistic and frequently drunken fashion director patsy stone in the bbc comedy television series absolutely fabulous (19921996) and (20012004).
sir steven john webb (born 18 july 1965) is a british lobbyist who was previously liberal democrat member of parliament (mp) for northavon, 19972010 and for thornbury and yate, 20102015. he was the minister of state for pensions in the coalition government of david cameron.	sir steven john webb (born 18 july 1965) is a british pensions commentator who was previously liberal democrat member of parliament (mp) for northavon, 19972010 and for thornbury and yate, 20102015. he was the minister of state for pensions in the coalition government of david cameron.
for instance werner heisenberg once said the ontology of materialism rested upon the illusion that the kind of existence, the direct actuality of the world around us, can be extrapolated into the atomic range.	for instance werner heisenberg said the ontology of materialism rested upon the illusion that the kind of existence, the direct actuality of the world around us, can be extrapolated into the atomic range.
conrad black was born in montreal to a wealthy family originally from winnipeg.	conrad black was born in montreal to a family originally from winnipeg.
on 24 may 2007, yusuf islam was awarded the prestigious ivor novello award for outstanding song collection, in a ceremony held in london.	on 24 may 2007, yusuf islam was awarded the ivor novello award for outstanding song collection, in a ceremony held in london.
the case against florida's electors (website detailing misconduct charges against harris)	the case against florida's electors (website alleging misconduct charges against harris)
chertoff was widely criticized for his inaction during the aftermath of hurricane katrina.	chertoff was criticized for his inaction during the aftermath of hurricane katrina.
they were married for just over two years when their union was tragically cut short by the war for independence.	they were married for just over two years when their union was cut short by the war for independence.
married to irina vera in 2002. they have a beautiful daughter, brisa.	married to irina vera in 2002. they have a daughter, brisa.
although english is the main language of singapore, there are also a multitude of other languages spoken in the country that reflect its multi-racial, multi-cultural and multi-lingual society, as envisioned by its visionary founder, sir stamford raffles.	although english is the main language of singapore, there are also a multitude of other languages spoken in the country that reflect its multi-racial, multi-cultural and multi-lingual society, as envisioned by its founder, sir stamford raffles.
beacon was a part of facebook's advertisement system that sent data from external websites to facebook, ostensibly for the purpose of allowing targeted advertisements and allowing users to share their activities with their friends.	beacon was a part of facebook's advertisement system that sent data from external websites to facebook, for the purpose of allowing targeted advertisements and allowing users to share their activities with their friends.
he was murdered by far-right skinheads in 2002.	he was murdered by skinheads in 2002.
weston met with quick success and the chicago art institute exhibited his photographs a year later, in 1903. he attended the reknowned illinois college of photography.	weston met with quick success and the chicago art institute exhibited his photographs a year later, in 1903. he attended the illinois college of photography.
as a cultural nationalist educated by the nationalist irish christian brothers, like his younger brother willie, pearse believed that language was intrinsic to the identity of a nation.	as a cultural nationalist educated by the irish christian brothers, like his younger brother willie, pearse believed that language was intrinsic to the identity of a nation.
the l'enfant plaza hotel closed on december 3, 2013, for an overhaul and upgrade of the entire property.	the l'enfant plaza hotel closed on december 3, 2013, for what was to be a year-long overhaul and upgrade of the entire property.
japa is the repeating of the name of god or a mantra.	japa is the repeating of the name of a deity or a mantra.
american ah-64s have successfully served in conflicts in panama, the persian gulf, kosovo, afghanistan, and iraq.	american ah-64s have served in conflicts in panama, the persian gulf, kosovo, afghanistan, and iraq.
the federal law prohibits intact dilation and extraction procedures in which the fetus's head or trunk is partialy outside of the mother's body when killed .	the federal law prohibits intact dilation and extraction procedures in which the fetus's head or trunk is partialy outside of the mother's body when aborted .
halina czerny-stefaska (december 31, 1922 - july 1, 2001) was a renowned polish pianist.	halina czerny-stefaska (december 31, 1922 - july 1, 2001) was a polish pianist.
van breakfast van kahvalts based on local delices such as kaymak, rekii, kavut, murtua, ilitme, otlu peynir (cheese with herbs) is renowned throughout turkey, with an increasing number of restaurants in other turkish cities also adopting the concept	van breakfast van kahvalts based on local products such as kaymak, rekii, kavut, murtua, ilitme, otlu peynir (cheese with herbs) is renowned throughout turkey, with an increasing number of restaurants in other turkish cities also adopting the concept
a beautiful swimming pool in piranshahr .	a swimming pool in piranshahr .
the governmental categorisation does not always lead to a sense of inclusion , as they are often excluded from the general structural concepts of white-american society, and may even experience hostile rejection; particularly muslims in recent decades.	the governmental categorisation does not always lead to a sense of agreement , as they are often excluded from the general structural concepts of white-american society, and may even experience hostile rejection; particularly muslims in recent decades.
the british museum in london, england is one of the world's greatest museums of human history and culture.	the british museum in london, england is one of the world's largest museums of human history and culture.
when british india became independent after the second world war some of its muslim inhabitants violently demanded their own state consisting of two non-contiguous territorial entities: east and west pakistan.	when british india became independent after the second world war some of its muslim inhabitants demanded their own state consisting of two non-contiguous territorial entities: east and west pakistan.
consequently, after public outcry, and rather's complaints, chung was laid off as co-anchor of the cbs evening news and was justly offered a demotion to weekend anchor or morning anchor.	consequently, after public outcry, and rather's complaints, chung was laid off as co-anchor of the cbs evening news and was offered a demotion to weekend anchor or morning anchor.
for example, if a private corporation owned the water supply in a region, and disgruntled residents of the region found it impossible to establish a new entrant in that market, then the revocation of one's contract with that corporation would mean one that one would have to move out of the region.	for example, if a private corporation owned the water supply in a region, and disgruntled residents of the region found it impossible to establish a new entrant in that market, then the revocation of one's contract with that corporation would mean that one would have to move out of the region.
sir charles william chadwick oman (january 12 1860 – june 23 1946) was a notable british military historian of the early 20th century.	sir charles william chadwick oman (january 12 1860 – june 23 1946) was a british military historian of the early 20th century.
corey and nineteen other victims were executed between 10 june 1692 and 22 september 1692 during the chaos that surrounded the infamous salem witch trials.	corey and nineteen other of the accused were executed between 10 june 1692 and 22 september 1692 during the chaos that surrounded the infamous salem witch trials.
the chicago cubs are a terrible major league baseball team that plays in the north side lakeview neighborhood of chicago, illinois.	the chicago cubs are a major league baseball team that plays in the north side lakeview neighborhood of chicago, illinois.
camcorders are often used in the production of low-budget tv shows where the production crew does not have access to more professional equipment.	camcorders are often used in the production of low-budget tv shows where the production crew does not have access to more expensive equipment.
crouch end is an affluent area of north london, in the london borough of haringey.	crouch end is an area of north london, in the london borough of haringey.
muhammad jamal al-durrah (1988-2000) ), was a palestinian boy who became an icon of the second intifada when he was allegedly killed in an exchange of gunfire on the gaza strip on september 30 2000 during a clash between israel defense forces (idf) troops and palestinian police and gunmen.	muhammad jamal al-durrah (1988-2000) ), was a palestinian boy who became an icon of the second intifada when he was killed in an exchange of gunfire on the gaza strip on september 30 2000 during a clash between israel defense forces (idf) troops and palestinian police and gunmen.
he notably played for newcastle united, liverpool and everton, having also had spells with carlisle united, manchester united, vancouver whitecaps, bolton wanderers, manchester city, fulham, hartlepool united and the melbourne knights.	he played for newcastle united, liverpool and everton, having also had spells with carlisle united, manchester united, vancouver whitecaps, bolton wanderers, manchester city, fulham, hartlepool united and the melbourne knights.
in 1961, the portuguese invaders were ejected by the indians.	in 1961, the portuguese were ejected by the indians.
the game takes place in the fictional world of ivalice, where the powerful empires of archadia and rozarria are waging an endless war.	the game takes place in the fictional world of ivalice, where the empires of archadia and rozarria are waging an endless war.
many people wrongly see the justification of a jewish state as theocratic, calling on biblical references of the children of israel.	many people see the justification of a jewish state as theocratic, calling on biblical references of the children of israel.
this led to mass death and was one of the foremost weapons used in the colonial nazi-esque genocide of america's native population.	this led to mass death and was one of the foremost weapons used in the colonial genocide of america's native population.
"these ""clarifications"" are seen in israel as a diplomatic smokescreen, as israelis already political_parties_and_elections vote freely (including israeli arabs, a minority of 20% in the population) and since the 1995 oslo accords the palestinians elect their own government."	"these ""clarifications"" are seen in israel as a diplomatic smokescreen, as israelis already political_conditions vote freely (including israeli arabs, a minority of 20% in the population) and since the 1995 oslo accords the palestinians elect their own government."
the popular 1977 disco film saturday night fever.	the 1977 disco film saturday night fever .
"steven ""steve"" menzies (born 4 december 1973 in manly, new south wales, australia) is an australian professional rugby league footballer best known for his stellar career with the manly sea eagles."	"steven ""steve"" menzies (born 4 december 1973 in manly, new south wales, australia) is an australian professional rugby league footballer best known for his career with the manly sea eagles."
uber (company), a controversial worldwide online taxi network company	uber (company), a worldwide online taxi network company
"the second form is aimed mainly at attempts to pursue transhumanist goals by way of genetically modifying human embryos in order to produce ""designer babies""."	"the second form is aimed mainly at attempts to pursue transhumanist goals by way of genetically modifying human embryos in order to giver birth to ""designer babies""."
"only in september 1965, a decree of the presidium of the ussr council of ministers canceled the ""special settlement"" restriction for members of these sects ."	"only in september 1965, a decree of the presidium of the ussr council of ministers canceled the ""special settlement"" restriction for members of these religious groups ."
benjamin disraeli, 1st earl of beaconsfield, (21 december 1804  19 april 1881) was a british statesman and writer who twice served as prime minister.	benjamin disraeli, 1st earl of beaconsfield, (21 december 1804  19 april 1881) was a british politician and writer who twice served as prime minister.
"sam ""skelly"" mccrory, gay rights activist and former uda terrorist ."	"sam ""skelly"" mccrory, gay rights activist and former uda activist ."
the teatro municipal de lima is a stunning theatre and concert hall in lima, peru.	the teatro municipal de lima is a theatre and concert hall in lima, peru.
celtic's u19 squad will play in the inaugural tournament of the prestigious nextgen series.	celtic's u19 squad will play in the inaugural tournament of the nextgen series.
"one notable column, an undercover report from the creation museum entitled ""let there be retards"", for which he posed as a reporter afflicted with aspergers syndrome by proxy""."	"one column, an undercover report from the creation museum entitled ""let there be retards"", for which he posed as a reporter afflicted with aspergers syndrome by proxy""."
most of the crew was lost to a combination of exposure, dehydration, and shark attacks as they waited for assistance while floating helplessly for several days.	most of the crew was lost to a combination of exposure, dehydration, and shark attacks as they waited for assistance while floating for several days.
conan and the gods of the mountain is a fantasy novel written by roland green featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan and the gods of the mountain is a fantasy novel written by roland green featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
"cover of the smash hit by dutch singer andr hazes, ""zij gelooft in mij"" (""she believes in me"")"	"cover of the hit by dutch singer andr hazes, ""zij gelooft in mij"" (""she believes in me"")"
in october 1959, at the municipal elections, akfm won control of only the capital tananarive (under richard andriamanjato) amd diego suarez (under francis sautron).	in october 1959, at the municipal elections, akfm won control of only the capital tananarive (under richard andriamanjato) and diego suarez (under francis sautron).
houseguests eric littman and michael donnellan got into a confrontation regarding tasteless comments michael made about eric's family.	houseguests eric littman and michael donnellan got into a confrontation regarding comments michael made about eric's family.
in 2007 she was involved in a violent confrontation with japanese fishermen as she tried to disrupt their annual dolphin slaughter .	in 2007 she was involved in a violent confrontation with japanese fishermen as she tried to disrupt their annual dolphin drive hunt .
today peter writes for the moralistic right-wing newspaper, the daily mail, and is described as an old-school high tory.	today peter writes for the populist right-wing newspaper, the daily mail , and is described as an old-school high tory.
marcia amelia mary pelham, countess of yarborough and 13th baroness conyers and 7th baroness fauconberg, obe (18 october 1863 – 17 november 1926) was a british peeress .	marcia amelia mary pelham, countess of yarborough and 13th baroness conyers and 7th baroness fauconberg, obe (18 october 1863 – 17 november 1926) was a british peer .
there is a standalone .exe available also, ideal for usb flash drives including u3-compatible models.	there is a standalone .exe available also, intended for usb flash drives including u3-compatible models.
"the next step came in 1927 when the all-star comedy series gave finlayson equal billing with up-and-coming co-stars stan laurel and oliver hardy, comedienne edna marion, and others; some studio publicity even referred to finlayson, hardy and laurel as a ""famous comedy trio."""	"the next step came in 1927 when the all-star comedy series gave finlayson equal billing with up-and-coming co-stars stan laurel and oliver hardy, comedian edna marion, and others; some studio publicity even referred to finlayson, hardy and laurel as a ""famous comedy trio."""
melissa margaret peterman (born july 1, 1971) is an american actress and comedienne who is best known for her role as barbra jean in the television comedy series reba.	melissa margaret peterman (born july 1, 1971) is an american actress and comedian who is best known for her role as barbra jean in the television comedy series reba.
car design has been shown to have a large impact on the scope and severity of pedestrian injury in car accidents .	car design has been shown to have a large impact on the scope and severity of pedestrian injury in car crashes .
fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), a left-leaning media watchdog group, released a report titled fox: the most biased name in news.	fairness and accuracy in reporting (fair), a media watchdog group, released a report titled fox: the most biased name in news.
the agent sells the goods on behalf of the sender, according to his instructions.	the agent sells the goods on behalf of the sender, according to zir instructions.
in 2006 she received the prestigious george sarton medal of the history of science society.	in 2006 she received the george sarton medal of the history of science society.
"he missed the final moments of his grandfather's passing as he had been too engrossed in reading ""...a very interesting book of wild adventure."""	"he missed the final moments of his grandfather's death as he had been too engrossed in reading ""...a very interesting book of wild adventure."""
after his passing in 1961, nityananda's ganeshpuri ashram was converted into a samadhi shrine and has subsequently become a renowned temple and pilgrimage site.	after his death in 1961, nityananda's ganeshpuri ashram was converted into a samadhi shrine and has subsequently become a renowned temple and pilgrimage site.
it is well-known for its excellent wines, especially autochthonous vranac.	it is well-known for its wines, especially autochthonous vranac.
he also stated that both global warming and imminent hydrocarbon depletion were also fundamentally threatening mankind 's wellbeing.	he also stated that both global warming and imminent hydrocarbon depletion were also fundamentally threatening humanity 's wellbeing.
there are also some free tools such as jslint, which will scan javascript code looking for problems, as well as a professional javascript debugger called splinetech javascript debugger.	there are also some free tools such as jslint, which will scan javascript code looking for problems, as well as a non-free javascript debugger called splinetech javascript debugger.
controversy regarding reverse swing has never left modern cricket, as the pakistani team was accused of ball tampering by the controversial australian umpire darrell hair during the fourth test against england in 2006 when the ball began to reverse swing after the 50th over.	controversy regarding reverse swing has never left modern cricket, as the pakistani team was accused of ball tampering by the australian umpire darrell hair during the fourth test against england in 2006 when the ball began to reverse swing after the 50th over.
the best one he dominated was the texas hold'em billiards championship where he earned the large $100,000 winner-take-all purse.	the most important one he dominated was the texas hold'em billiards championship where he earned the large $100,000 winner-take-all purse.
the neutral clef is sometimes used when non-percussion instruments play non-pitched extended techniques, such as hitting the body of a violin, violoncello or acoustic guitar, or when a vocal choir is instructed to clap, stomp, or snap, but more often the rhythms are written with x marks in the instrument's normal staff with a note placed above as to the appropriate rhythmic action.	the neutral clef is sometimes used when non-percussion instruments play non-pitched extended techniques, such as hitting the body of a violin, violoncello or acoustic guitar, or when a vocal choir is instructed to clap, stomp, or snap, but more often the rhythms are written with x marks in the instrument's normal staff with a comment placed above as to the appropriate rhythmic action.
in such a breakdown, we are put face to face with the naked meaninglessness of the world, and the results can be devastating.	in such a breakdown, we are put face to face with an apparent naked meaninglessness of the world, and the results can be devastating.
rashi saves gopi but unfortunately she dies while saving gopi.	rashi saves gopi but she dies while saving gopi.
"he appeared on the american idol season 10 finale, singing ""living after midnight"" and ""breakin' the law"" alongside british heavy metal pioneers judas priest."	"he appeared on the american idol season 10 finale, singing ""living after midnight"" and ""breakin' the law"" alongside british heavy metal band judas priest."
the .408 chey tac's extremely light recoil is attributed to the mcarthur pgrs-1 muzzle brake that was designed by gunsmith and firearm inventor, bruce mcarthur owner of the flint & frizzen gun shop in clarkston, michigan.	the .408 chey tac's light recoil is attributed to the mcarthur pgrs-1 muzzle brake that was designed by gunsmith and firearm inventor, bruce mcarthur owner of the flint & frizzen gun shop in clarkston, michigan.
the aa is rich in iron and other minerals, some b vitamins, and fiber and is considered one of the most nutritious fruits of the amazon, second only to the castanha do par.	the aa is rich in iron and other minerals, some b vitamins, and fiber and is considered one of the most nutritious fruits of the amazon, second perhaps to the castanha do par.
"for example, bill ayers, now a distinguished professor of education at the university of illinois at chicago, said in a september 11, 2001 new york times profile that he does not ""regret setting bombs against non-human targets."	"for example, bill ayers, now a professor of education at the university of illinois at chicago, said in a september 11, 2001 new york times profile that he does not ""regret setting bombs against non-human targets."
the titles to several of the songs were inexplicably changed for this release (see below).	the titles to several of the songs were changed for this release (see below).
"willard scott, popular nbc television personality, called the band, ""the best band he'd ever seen"" during a 1985 broadcast."	"willard scott, nbc television personality, called the band, ""the best band he'd ever seen"" during a 1985 broadcast."
some payroll taxes, such as social security taxes in the united states, are regressive.	some payroll taxes, such as social security taxes in the united states, have been called regressive.
vazha-pshavela (july 26, 1861-july 10, 1915) is the pen-name of the genial georgian poet and writer luka p. razikashvili, a classic of the new georgian literature.	vazha-pshavela (july 26, 1861-july 10, 1915) is the pen-name of the georgian poet and writer luka p. razikashvili, a classic of the new georgian literature.
"lowery is a trained mathematician who has worked as a ""quant"" (a derivatives trader and financial analyst) and has started a large number of music-related businesses, including a studio, a record company and a publishing company."	"lowery is a trained mathematician who has worked as a ""quant"" (a derivatives trader and financial analyst) and has started a number of music-related businesses, including a studio, a record company and a publishing company."
osman a. iki (january 7, 1879, mostar - march 30, 1912) was a bosniak poet, and dramatist from mostar, today in bosnia and herzegovina.	osman a. iki (january 7, 1879, mostar - march 30, 1912) was a bosnian poet, and dramatist from mostar, today in bosnia and herzegovina.
"seamus mallon of the sdlp famously declared that the good friday agreement of 1998 was ""sunningdale for slow learners""."	"seamus mallon of the sdlp declared that the good friday agreement of 1998 was ""sunningdale for slow learners""."
"hunstman has recently been accused of penning the new york times op-ed piece ""i am part of the resistance inside the trump administration"" through textual analysis , though he has denied writing the piece."	"hunstman has recently been suspected of penning the new york times op-ed piece ""i am part of the resistance inside the trump administration"" through textual analysis , though he has denied writing the piece."
"this photo shoot was her last and it is famously known as ""the last sitting""."	"this photo shoot was her last and it is known as ""the last sitting""."
the government headed by schssel was - in its beginnings - probably the most controversial since 1945, which to a large extent is due to the coalition formed with the far right-wing austrian freedom party (fp), whose leader at that time was jrg haider.	the government headed by schssel was - in its beginnings - probably the most controversial since 1945, which to a large extent is due to the coalition formed with the right-wing austrian freedom party (fp), whose leader at that time was jrg haider.
"the intercollegiate studies institute listed coming of age in samoa as #1 in its ""50 worst books of the twentieth century""."	"the intercollegiate studies institute listed coming of age in samoa as #1 in the list of what it thinks are the ""50 worst books of the twentieth century""."
zo wanamaker cbe (born 13 may 1949) is a british-american actress .	zo wanamaker cbe (born 13 may 1949) is a british-american actor .
parts of montenegro and the sandak were unlawfully annexed into albania in 1941. the cities included bijelo polje, tutin, plav, gusinje, rozaje and ulcinj.	parts of montenegro and the sandak were annexed into albania in 1941. the cities included bijelo polje, tutin, plav, gusinje, rozaje and ulcinj.
the fandom contains a large proportion of people reporting homosexuality, bisexuality, polyamory, or other non-traditional forms of relationship	the fandom contains a large proportion of people reporting homosexuality, bisexuality, polyamory, or other uncommon forms of relationship
this was thanks to burrell smith's clever work: he routed a few extra lines on the pc board, making the 256-kbit chips on the horizon useable in the mac.	this was thanks to burrell smith's work: he routed a few extra lines on the pc board, making the 256-kbit chips on the horizon useable in the mac.
those organizations' positions against blacks and asians appealed to some working class skinheads who blamed immigrants for economic and social problems.	those organizations' positions against blacks and asians appealed to working class skinheads who blamed immigrants for economic and social problems.
at the end of the segment the maury show was parodied by having the virgin mary be tested to see if joseph was the baby of jesus	at the end of the segment the maury show was parodied by having the virgin mary be tested to see if joseph was the father of jesus
manet's public career lasted only from 1861, the year of his first participation in the salon, until his death in 1883. his extant works, as catalogued in 1975 by denis rouart and daniel wildenstein, comprise 430 oil paintings, 89 pastels, and more than 400 works on paper.	manet's public career lasted from 1861, the year of his first participation in the salon, until his death in 1883. his extant works, as catalogued in 1975 by denis rouart and daniel wildenstein, comprise 430 oil paintings, 89 pastels, and more than 400 works on paper.
"comic book guy ( claiming jeff albertson to be his real name in the episode ""homer and ned's hail mary pass"" ) is a nerdy and snobby man best known for his eloquence and sarcastic quips."	"comic book guy ( who states jeff albertson to be his real name in the episode ""homer and ned's hail mary pass"" ) is a nerdy and snobby man best known for his eloquence and sarcastic quips."
he has also been parodied in several popular webcomics: in vg cats, comic 151 parodies the oracle of athens' revealing clothing which heavily distracts kratos and the second part of comic 221 shows kratos on the cover of a book titled if i did it, here's how it happened, the joke being that the title is similar to the cancelled book of o. j. simpson, who was accused, but found not guilty of killing his wife and kratos having actually committed mariticide; in penny arcade, he goes to therapy in order to change his brutal nature.	he has also been parodied in several webcomics : in vg cats, comic 151 parodies the oracle of athens' revealing clothing which heavily distracts kratos and the second part of comic 221 shows kratos on the cover of a book titled if i did it, here's how it happened, the joke being that the title is similar to the cancelled book of o. j. simpson, who was accused, but found not guilty of killing his wife and kratos having actually committed mariticide; in penny arcade, he goes to therapy in order to change his brutal nature.
they rejected its violent strategies and believed that its inherently authoritarian.	they rejected its strategies and believed that its inherently authoritarian.
; ) is a nation in east asia.	; ) is a state in east asia.
located at 30 guido street, it allows a breathtaking view of the ohio river below from one of the highest points in cincinnati.	located at 30 guido street, it allows a scenic view of the ohio river below from one of the highest points in cincinnati.
elohim is a plural noun in form, but is singular in meaning when it refers to the true god.	elohim is a plural noun in form, but is singular in meaning when it refers to the jewish/christian god.
"iparretarrak (""the northerners"" in basque) or ik was a basque nationalist terrorist organization operating in the french basque country."	"iparretarrak (""the northerners"" in basque) or ik was a basque nationalist paramilitary organization operating in the french basque country."
schlafly refutes the feminist view that the family is an anachronism that binds women down.	schlafly rejects the feminist view that the family is an anachronism that binds women down.
in the late 1970s, dylan became a born-again christian and released a series of albums of contemporary gospel music, notably slow train coming, before returning to his more familiar rock-based idiom with infidels.	in the late 1970s, dylan became a born-again christian and released a series of albums of contemporary gospel music, such as slow train coming, before returning to his more familiar rock-based idiom with infidels.
at the time of the battle of sekigahara in 1600, the tsugaru intelligently assisted tokugawa ieyasu's western forces, afterwards confirming their domains with a greater level of fief, at which they were allowed jurisdictional residence at hirosaki castle until the very end of the edo period.	at the time of the battle of sekigahara in 1600, the tsugaru assisted tokugawa ieyasu's western forces, afterwards confirming their domains with a greater level of fief, at which they were allowed jurisdictional residence at hirosaki castle until the very end of the edo period.
journalist and author gary weiss, in his noxious 2006 book wall street versus america, contends that grasso earned his pay by preserving the nyse's floor-trading model despite its obsolescence.	journalist and author gary weiss, in his critical 2006 book wall street versus america, contends that grasso earned his pay by preserving the nyse's floor-trading model despite its obsolescence.
"edward mallory ""ned"" almond (december 12, 1892 june 11, 1979) was a controversial united states army general best known as the commander of the army's x corps during the korean war."	"edward mallory ""ned"" almond (december 12, 1892 june 11, 1979) was a united states army general best known as the commander of the army's x corps during the korean war."
he telegraphed the central bureau of astronomical telegrams, and, the following morning, it was confirmed that this was a new comet, and it was named comet hale-bopp, with the designation c/1995 o1.	he alerted the central bureau of astronomical telegrams, and, the following morning, it was confirmed that this was a new comet, and it was named comet hale-bopp, with the designation c/1995 o1.
it houses the cave hira where prophet muhammad is said to have received his first revelation from god (arabic allah) through the angel gabriel.	it houses the cave hira where muhammad is said to have received his first revelation from god (arabic allah) through the angel gabriel.
fariborz lachini, (in persian: ) (born on august 25, 1949) is a hugely popular canadian/iranian film composer.	fariborz lachini, (in persian: ) (born on august 25, 1949) is a popular canadian/iranian film composer.
within mongolia, the region is well known for its natural beauty , and lake khvsgl is one of the country's major tourist attractions.	within mongolia, the region is well known for its natural environment , and lake khvsgl is one of the country's major tourist attractions.
hove crown court heard that the model launched her vicious attack after accusing her of looking at her husband during a night out in brighton, east sussex.	hove crown court heard that the model launched her attack after accusing her of looking at her husband during a night out in brighton, east sussex.
he is best known for his departure from the walt disney company in 1979 and his subsequent directing of animated classics such as the secret of nimh (1982), an american tail (1986),the land before time (1988), and all dogs go to heaven (1989), as well as his involvement in the laserdisc game dragon's lair.	he is best known for his departure from the walt disney company in 1979 and his subsequent directing of animated films such as the secret of nimh (1982), an american tail (1986),the land before time (1988), and all dogs go to heaven (1989), as well as his involvement in the laserdisc game dragon's lair.
her father albert baez, a physicist, refused lucrative war industry jobs, probably influencing joan's political activism in the american and international civil rights and anti-war movements of the 1960s to the present.	her father albert baez, a physicist, refused lucrative defense industry jobs, probably influencing joan's political activism in the american and international civil rights and anti-war movements of the 1960s to the present.
in north america, flapjack is another term for a deliciously thin pancake that is not only crispy, but slightly chewy as well.	in north america, flapjack is another term for a thin pancake that is not only crispy, but slightly chewy as well.
named in honour of juan antonio samaranch in 2010 after his passing , it was used for various sporting events at the 1984 winter olympics.	named in honour of juan antonio samaranch in 2010 after his death , it was used for various sporting events at the 1984 winter olympics.
conan and the emerald lotusis a fantasy novel written by john c. hocking featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan and the emerald lotusis a fantasy novel written by john c. hocking featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
on march 3, 1924, the first president of the turkish republic and its immortal leader , gazi mustafa kemal atatrk, constitutionally abolished the institution of the caliphate.	on march 3, 1924, the first president of the turkish republic and its leader , gazi mustafa kemal atatrk, constitutionally abolished the institution of the caliphate.
as the internet becomes more pervasive in all areas or human endeavor, individuals or groups can misuse the anonymity afforded by cyberspace to threaten citizens, specific groups (i.e.	as the internet becomes more pervasive in all areas or human endeavor, individuals or groups can use the anonymity afforded by cyberspace to threaten citizens, specific groups (i.e.
friedrich daniel ernst schleiermacher (november 21, 1768 – february 12, 1834) was a german theologian and philosopher known for his impressive attempt to reconcile the criticisms of the enlightenment with traditional protestant orthodoxy.	friedrich daniel ernst schleiermacher (november 21, 1768 – february 12, 1834) was a german theologian and philosopher known for his attempt to reconcile the criticisms of the enlightenment with traditional protestant orthodoxy.
the adorable main character of the game.	the main character of the game.
attractive woman with natural blonde hair.	woman with natural blonde hair.
many individual instances of murder were also unofficially carried out by irish yeomanry units before, during and after the rebellion as their local knowledge led them to attack suspected rebels.	many individual instances of murder were also unofficially carried out by local yeomanry units before, during and after the rebellion as their local knowledge led them to attack suspected rebels.
his first book, beyond the silence: my life, the world and autism (2000), is a collection of inspirational prose, poetry and philosophical texts.	his first book, beyond the silence: my life, the world and autism (2000), is a collection of prose, poetry and philosophical texts.
american women suckthe most accurate anti-feminist website in the world that is for anti-sodomites as well.	american women suckthe most strict anti-feminist website in the world that is for anti-sodomites as well.
successful brands that use movement marketing	brands that use movement marketing
after 17 months in prison, warmbier, in a comatose state, was flown to cincinnati, ohio, arriving in the evening of june 13, 2017. he was rushed to the university of cincinnati medical center, where doctors tried to determine what caused his coma and if there were signs of recovery.	after 17 months in prison, warmbier, in a comatose state, was flown to cincinnati, ohio, arriving in the evening of june 13, 2017. he was taken to the university of cincinnati medical center, where doctors tried to determine what caused his coma and if there were signs of recovery.
1941 ) is a abortionist in wichita, kansas in the united states.	1941 ) is a physician in wichita, kansas in the united states.
"at a meeting on april 3, 1998, ebell was one of a dozen public relations experts and think-tank operatives who produced what they called their ""global climate science communications"" plan, with the aim of persuading ""a majority of the american public"" that significant uncertainties exist in climate science"", intending to convince the public and policymakers that the science was faulty and could be ignored."	"at a meeting on april 3, 1998, ebell was one of a dozen public relations experts and think-tank representatives who produced what they called their ""global climate science communications"" plan, with the aim of persuading ""a majority of the american public"" that significant uncertainties exist in climate science"", intending to convince the public and policymakers that the science was faulty and could be ignored."
on 13 may he repayed this faith by helping his team win the 2006 fa cup over west ham, providing a crucial assist for steven gerrard to score the second liverpool goal, as well as earlier having a goal of his own wrongly disallowed for being offside.	on 13 may he repayed this faith by helping his team win the 2006 fa cup over west ham, providing a crucial assist for steven gerrard to score the second liverpool goal, as well as earlier having a goal of his own disallowed for being offside.
each summer large numbers of japanese, chinese, first nations, and european fishers and cannery workers descended on the village, joining a growing year-round settlement.	each summer large numbers of japanese, chinese, first nations, and european fishermen and cannery workers descended on the village, joining a growing year-round settlement.
today, the temples serve as fine examples of northern indian architectural styles that have gained popularity due to their salacious depiction of the traditional way of life during medieval times.	today, the temples serve as fine examples of northern indian architectural styles that have gained popularity due to their explicit depiction of the traditional way of life during medieval times.
in addition, it is often reported that individuals can gain access to higher spiritual dimensions and make contact with various spiritual or extra dimensional beings who can act as guides or healers.	in addition, it is often reported that individuals feel they gain access to higher spiritual dimensions and make contact with various spiritual or extra dimensional beings who can act as guides or healers.
the explicit parallels between pressfield's novel and the bhagavad gita are eloquently brought out in a book called gita on the green: the mystical tradition behind bagger vance (continuum, 2000), written by hinduism scholar steven rosen (satyaraja dasa).	the explicit parallels between pressfield's novel and the bhagavad gita are brought out in a book called gita on the green: the mystical tradition behind bagger vance (continuum, 2000), written by hinduism scholar steven rosen (satyaraja dasa).
in the edited video, two employees in acorn's baltimore office appear to offer unethical advice to the two regarding home loans, tax evasion, and disguising the identities of underaged sex workers trafficked from el salvador.	in the video, two employees in acorn's baltimore office appear to offer unethical advice to the two regarding home loans, tax evasion, and disguising the identities of underaged sex workers trafficked from el salvador.
off all the nba players drafted after 1951, only drazen petrovic (his career was tragically cut short by a fatal car accident) and andrew bogut (2010) hold this same distinction.	off all the nba players drafted after 1951, only drazen petrovic (his career was cut short by a fatal car accident) and andrew bogut (2010) hold this same distinction.
in 2001, acme-rent-a-car in connecticut controversially used gps devices to monitor the driving behaviour of its rental customers.	in 2001, acme-rent-a-car in connecticut used gps devices to monitor the driving behaviour of its rental customers.
he made his final home start in milan's 3-2 loss to udinese on may 19, 2007, converting a penalty that marked his first serie a goal since the 1991-92 season (a sweet left-footed volley against roma on november 3, 1991), and left the pitch near the end of the match to a standing ovation.	he made his final home start in milan's 3-2 loss to udinese on may 19, 2007, converting a penalty that marked his first serie a goal since the 1991-92 season (a left-footed volley against roma on november 3, 1991), and left the pitch near the end of the match to a standing ovation.
the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film that argues against the scientific consensus that human activity is the main cause of global warming.	the great global warming swindle is a documentary film that argues against the scientific consensus that human activity is the main cause of global warming.
the building of bay view high school in karachi was the site of om nivas, an early, notable location of the brahma kumaris cult .	the building of bay view high school in karachi was the site of om nivas, an early, notable location of the brahma kumaris world spiritual university .
tiffany haddish - partially eritrean dancer, comedienne and actress.	tiffany haddish - partially eritrean dancer, comedian and actress.
her film work includes starring as one of the heroines in charlie's angels, playing o-ren ishii in kill bill, and appearances in payback, chicago, and the hit animated series kung fu panda.	her film work includes starring as one of the heroines in charlie's angels, playing o-ren ishii in kill bill, and appearances in payback, chicago, and the animated series kung fu panda.
it lost its independence to an armed revolt led by euro- american residents in 1893, and was soon annexed to the united states in 1898.	it lost its independence to an armed revolt led by american residents in 1893, and was soon annexed to the united states in 1898.
the town was occupied by the armenian army on the 2nd of october 1992, during the nagorno-karabakh war.	the town was conquered by the armenian army on the 2nd of october 1992, during the nagorno-karabakh war.
in the song, ice cube lamely disses both house of pain (no, i'm not a sucker, sitting in the house of pain/and no, i'm not the butler, i'll cut ya) and mc hammer (you say you can't touch this/and i wouldn't touch you, punk motherfucker).	in the song, ice cube disses both house of pain (no, i'm not a sucker, sitting in the house of pain/and no, i'm not the butler, i'll cut ya) and mc hammer (you say you can't touch this/and i wouldn't touch you, punk motherfucker).
number 51, worn by randy johnson, was withheld from players from 1998 until 2001, when it was awarded to ichiro suzuki upon his request after wearing it for his entire superstar career in japan.	number 51, worn by randy johnson, was withheld from players from 1998 until 2001, when it was awarded to ichiro suzuki upon his request after wearing it for his entire career in japan.
journalist andy kessler has argued that, though network neutrality is desirable, the threat of eminent domain against the telcos, instead of new legislation, is the best approach.	washington post columnist andy kessler has argued that, though network neutrality is desirable, the threat of eminent domain against the telcos, instead of new legislation, is the best approach.
only the fact that his recording career coincided with the nazi era, coupled with his tragically early death from encephalitis, has prevented his name from being better known to modern listeners.	only the fact that his recording career coincided with the nazi era, coupled with his early death from encephalitis, has prevented his name from being better known to modern listeners.
sharongate is the term used for a storyline in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, which reached its climax on october 24, 1994, attracting 25.3 million viewers.	sharongate is the term used for a storyline in the bbc soap opera eastenders, which reached its climax on october 24, 1994, attracting 25.3 million viewers.
he is best known for his collaboration with the abwehr military intelligence of nazi germany.	he is best known for his contacts with the abwehr military intelligence of nazi germany.
amalgam digital finally released physical copies of the album on june 28, 2011. the entire album is produced by monsta beatz.	amalgam digital released physical copies of the album on june 28, 2011. the entire album is produced by monsta beatz.
see also: list of notorious software patents	see also: list of software patents
frol romanovich kozlov (; 30 january 1965) was a soviet statesman , hero of socialist labor (1961).	frol romanovich kozlov (; 30 january 1965) was a soviet politician , hero of socialist labor (1961).
for 2004, activision brought in stan lee and tony hawk to promote x-men legends and tony hawk's underground 2 while vivendi universal brought in vin diesel to promote his new game the chronicles of riddick: escape from butcher bay based slightly on the summer 2004 success of the same name.	for 2004, activision brought in stan lee and tony hawk to promote x-men legends and tony hawk's underground 2 while vivendi universal brought in vin diesel to promote his new game the chronicles of riddick: escape from butcher bay based slightly on the summer 2004 movie of the same name.
this rennet is typically of a greater quality and consistancy than traditional animal rennet.	this rennet is thought to be of a greater quality and consistancy than traditional animal rennet.
in many places and times, someone who is married is supposedly off-limits for flirtation, casual sex, or courtship.	in many places and times, someone who is married is supposed to be off-limits for flirtation, casual sex, or courtship.
the attacks were the most lethal terrorist act ever carried out in the united states.	the attacks were the most lethal millitant act ever carried out in the united states.
however, the main interaction between common objects and the earth and between celestial bodies is gravity, because gravity is electrically neutral: even if in both bodies there were a surplus or deficit of only one electron for every 1018 protons and neutrons this would already be enough to cancel gravity (or in the case of a surplus in one and a deficit in the other: double the interaction).	however, the main interaction between common objects and the earth and between celestial bodies is gravity, because at this scale matter is electrically neutral: even if in both bodies there were a surplus or deficit of only one electron for every 1018 protons and neutrons this would already be enough to cancel gravity (or in the case of a surplus in one and a deficit in the other: double the interaction).
james connolly, activist, politician and resistance leader.	james connolly, activist, politician and marxist insurgent leader.
pope clement v (; c. 1264 20 april 1314), born raymond bertrand de got (also occasionally spelled de guoth and de goth), was pope from 5 june 1305 to his death in 1314. he is infamous for suppressing the order of the knights templar and allowing the execution of many of its members, and as the pope who moved the curia from rome to avignon, ushering in the period known as the avignon papacy.	pope clement v (; c. 1264 20 april 1314), born raymond bertrand de got (also occasionally spelled de guoth and de goth), was pope from 5 june 1305 to his death in 1314. he is remembered for suppressing the order of the knights templar and allowing the execution of many of its members, and as the pope who moved the curia from rome to avignon, ushering in the period known as the avignon papacy.
death by a thousand cuts is a book by the historians timothy brook and gregory blue and scientific researcher jrme bourgon which examines the use of slow slicing or lingchi, a barbaric form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-imperial china from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905.	death by a thousand cuts is a book by the historians timothy brook and gregory blue and scientific researcher jrme bourgon which examines the use of slow slicing or lingchi, a form of torture and capital punishment practised in mid- and late-imperial china from the tenth century until its abolition in 1905.
the debate also focuses on issues such as the definition of science (and of what constitutes scientific research and evidence), science education (and whether the teaching of the scientific consensus view should be 'balanced' by also teaching fringe theories), free speech, separation of church and state, and theology (particularly how different christians and christian denominations interpret the book of genesis).	the debate also focuses on issues such as the definition of science (and of what constitutes scientific research and evidence), science education (and whether the teaching of the scientific consensus view should be 'balanced' by also teaching other theories), free speech, separation of church and state, and theology (particularly how different christians and christian denominations interpret the book of genesis).
"as a symbol of the earliest fortunes in new york, john jacob astor is mentioned in herman melville's great novella ""bartleby the scrivener""."	"as a symbol of the earliest fortunes in new york, john jacob astor is mentioned in herman melville's novella ""bartleby the scrivener""."
776), and an insightful examination into love's disintegration in contemporary western culture (pp.	776), and an examination into love's disintegration in contemporary western culture (pp.
the garden has a magnificent collection of rosebushes which flower all summer.	the garden has a notable collection of rosebushes which flower all summer.
it is, in the broadest sense of the term, the science and practice of the prevention and cure of human diseases, and other ailments of the human body or mind.	it is, in the broadest sense of the term, the science and practice of the prevention and curing of human diseases, and other ailments of the human body or mind.
on the jews and their lies (; in modern spelling ) is a 65,000-word antisemitic treatise written in 1543 by the german reformation leader martin luther.	on the jews and their lies (; in modern spelling ) is a 65,000-word treatise written in 1543 by the german reformation leader martin luther.
glenn gould rightly called him one of the most powerful musical communicators of our time, and it was in concert that richter's musical genius found its full expression.	glenn gould called him one of the most powerful musical communicators of our time, and it was in concert that richter's musical genius found its full expression.
the macedonian armed forces used the mi-24v, which were supplied by ukraine, against albanian terrorists .	the macedonian armed forces used the mi-24v, which were supplied by ukraine, against albanian fighters .
muff (now eglinton), county derry , northern ireland	muff (now eglinton), county londonderry , northern ireland
his mother was a great singer and traditional dancer and had worked as a model in dublin.	his mother was a singer and traditional dancer and had worked as a model in dublin.
great wakering is a fascinating village steeped in history.	great wakering is a village steeped in history.
long determined to protect slavery, texas seceded from the united states in 1861 to join the confederate states of america.	long determined to protect slavery, texas declared its secession from the united states in 1861 to join the confederate states of america.
on february 2, 1892, he was given the hereditary title count of wisborg by grand duke adolf of luxembourg.	on february 2, 1892, he was given the hereditary title count of wisborg by grand duke adolphe of luxembourg.
19 times a fellow houseguest saved a nominee (including six times by the hoh and two times by the other nominee)	19 times a fellow houseguest saved a nominee (including six times by the hoh and three times by the other nominee)
there is also another important book on this subject, insane therapy, portrait of a psychotherapy cult by marybeth ayella.	there is also another book on this subject, insane therapy, portrait of a psychotherapy cult by marybeth ayella.
it gathered strength from the postmillennial theology that the second coming of christ would come after mankind had reformed the entire earth.	it gathered strength from the postmillennial theology that the second coming of christ would come after humankind had reformed the entire earth.
fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the ruler of cuba since 1959, when he commanded the attack that overthrew fulgencio batista.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the president of cuba since 1959, when he commanded the attack that overthrew fulgencio batista.
the city remains one of italy and europe's leading cultural centres, which all contribute to milan's status as a major alpha world city.	the city remains one of italy and europe's leading cultural centres, which all contribute to milan's status as a major alpha city.
the metalcore band killswitch engage brilliantly covered the title track for the kerrang!	the metalcore band killswitch engage covered the title track for the kerrang!
in greek mythology, clysonymus was murdered by his good friend, patroclus, during an argument over a game of dice.	in greek mythology, clysonymus was murdered by his friend, patroclus, during an argument over a game of dice.
some informal links remain, and many of the racist attacks in south belfast in recent years are thought to have been carried out by ulster volunteer force members sympathetic to the aims of combat 18. they are also thought to have links with unionists in coleraine and bushmills.	some informal links remain, and many of the racist attacks in south belfast in recent years are thought to have been carried out by ulster volunteer force members sympathetic to the aims of combat 18. they are also thought to have links with loyalists in coleraine and bushmills.
the 700 club has occasionally been the subject of controversy due to political statements made on the show by pat robertson (robertson's page contains a detailed list of lies that surround him).	the 700 club has occasionally been the subject of controversy due to political statements made on the show by pat robertson (robertson's page contains a detailed list of controversies that surround him).
target is highly controversial and considered unscientific by respected blackjack experts.	target is controversial and considered unscientific by respected blackjack experts.
one of the more controversial of kaine's acts was the use by kaine of taxpayer funds to influence congress via the million mom march in 2000. kaine used nearly $9,000 to pay for buses and to throw a party at the city's arthur ashe athletic center for about 400 richmonders recruited for the march after ethical concerns were raised, first by a local libertarian political activist at a richmond city council meeting, followed by three other council members, kaine relented, raised the money privately, and reimbursed the city.	one of the more controversial of kaine's acts was the use by kaine of taxpayer funds to influence congress via the million mom march in 2000. kaine used nearly $9,000 to pay for buses and to host a party at the city's arthur ashe athletic center for about 400 richmonders recruited for the march after ethical concerns were raised, first by a local libertarian political activist at a richmond city council meeting, followed by three other council members, kaine relented, raised the money privately, and reimbursed the city.
both snowe and fellow maine senator susan collins have embraced harsh gun control measures following the columbine high school shooting in 1999.	both snowe and fellow maine senator susan collins have embraced strong gun control measures following the columbine high school shooting in 1999.
nambla emerged from the radical political atmosphere of the 1970s, particularly from the leftist wing of the gay liberation movement which followed the 1969 stonewall riots in new york city.	nambla emerged from the tumultous political atmosphere of the 1970s, particularly from the leftist wing of the gay liberation movement which followed the 1969 stonewall riots in new york city.
the new archaeological museum was finally completed in 2009. its globe-like roof and modern architectural design enhances the town's northern entrance, taking its place among the other city landmarks.	the new archaeological museum was completed in 2009. its globe-like roof and modern architectural design enhances the town's northern entrance, taking its place among the other city landmarks.
jesus probably spoke both hebrew and aramaic, and possibly greek, but contemporary documents referring to him in hebrew or aramaic do not survive .	jesus probably spoke both hebrew and aramaic, and possibly greek, but contemporary documents referring to him in hebrew or aramaic do not exist .
barber marina is a world-class marina located in elberta, alabama just north of gulf shores, alabama on the alabama intercostal waterway.	barber marina is a marina located in elberta, alabama just north of gulf shores, alabama on the alabama intercostal waterway.
zaid was born in karachi, pakistan, in 1964. his father, lt col. zaman hamid ( retd ), served in the pakistan army.	zaid was born in karachi, pakistan, in 1964. his father, lt col. zaman hamid ( retired ), served in the pakistan army.
the moshav was established on the lands of abu al-fadl, ramle that was abandoned during the war of independence.	the moshav was established on the lands of abu al-fadl, ramle that was depopulated during the war of independence.
"these demo tapes are extremely rare and are the only recordings known with the original bassist richard ""twitch"" roy, a copy of the tape has recently sold for $45 on ebay."	"these demo tapes are rare and are the only recordings known with the original bassist richard ""twitch"" roy, a copy of the tape has recently sold for $45 on ebay."
the nanking massacre (chinese: , pinyin: nnjng dtsh; japanese: , nankin daigyakusatsu), also known as the rape of nanking and sometimes in japan as the nanking incident (, nankin jiken), refers to the widespread atrocities committed by the imperial japanese army in and around nanking (now nanjing), china, after the capital's fall to japanese troops on 13 december, 1937.	the nanking massacre (chinese: , pinyin: nnjng dtsh; japanese: , nankin daigyakusatsu), also known as the rape of nanking and sometimes in japan as the nanking incident (, nankin jiken), refers to the widespread atrocities might have been accomplished by the imperial japanese army in and around nanking (now nanjing), china, after the capital's fall to japanese troops on 13 december, 1937.
gould and fisk, having hired the best defense, and favored by corrupt tweed ring judges, escaped prosecution.	gould and fisk, having hired the best defense, and favored by tweed ring judges, escaped prosecution.
"he also delightfully voices grandpa in the pc game ""the scruffs""."	"he also voices grandpa in the pc game ""the scruffs""."
unfortunately he sustained a knee injury in training which led to his eventual retirement from football without having played a game for the pars.	he sustained a knee injury in training which led to his eventual retirement from football without having played a game for the pars.
the cable news network, usually referred to as cnn, is a liberal cable television network founded in 1980 by ted turner & reese schonfeld (although the latter is not currently recognized in cnn's official history).	the cable news network, usually referred to as cnn, is a cable television network founded in 1980 by ted turner & reese schonfeld (although the latter is not currently recognized in cnn's official history).
southampton solent university is a premier british university of approximately 18,500 students based in southampton, united kingdom.	southampton solent university is a british university of approximately 18,500 students based in southampton, united kingdom.
when sliwa arrived with 3 other angels, miller refused to meet with them, stating that police work was best left to the police.	when sliwa arrived with 3 other angels, miller declined to meet with them, stating that police work was best left to the police.
sedgeman has compared this effect to what happens when we make scary faces at ourselves in the mirror: because we know it is just us, it is impossible to scare ourselves that way.	sedgeman has compared this to what happens when we make scary faces at ourselves in the mirror: because we know it is just us, it is impossible to scare ourselves that way.
however, some evangelical christians who take an extreme view of sola scriptura reject the creed (and especially its recitation), not necessarily for its content but simply because it is not found in the bible.	however, some evangelical christians who take an view of sola scriptura reject the creed (and especially its recitation), not necessarily for its content but simply because it is not found in the bible.
the program is a conservative response to the prevalent liberal bias of other news satire programs like the daily show and the colbert report.	the program is a conservative response to the perceived liberal bias of other news satire programs like the daily show and the colbert report.
kendo is a physically and mentally challenging activity that combines strong martial arts practices and values with sport-like strenuous physical activity.	kendo is a physically and mentally challenging activity that combines martial arts practices and values with sport-like strenuous physical activity.
"obetrol was first approved by the fda in the 1960's, however failed to achieve mass market success, despite being popular as a ""clean"" amphetamine for illegal use."	"obetrol was first approved by the fda in the 1960's, however failed to achieve mass market success, despite being popular as a ""clean"" amphetamine for recreational use."
on november 2, 2004, bush was re-elected, for the first time winning the popular vote (by three percentage points), while republicans gained seats in both houses of congress, leaving democrats in disarray .	on november 2, 2004, bush was re-elected, for the first time winning the popular vote (by three percentage points), while republicans gained seats in both houses of congress, leaving democrats in the minority .
lisa haydon is a supermodel turned actress.	lisa haydon is a model turned actress.
ceo roger ailes publicly responded in an online column for the wall street journal , stating that fox's critics intentionally confuse opinion shows such as the o'reilly factor with regular news coverage.	ceo roger ailes publicly responded in an online column for the wall street journal , claiming that fox's critics intentionally confuse opinion shows such as the o'reilly factor with regular news coverage.
basil davidson insists in his documentary, africa: different but equal , that racism, in fact, only just recently surfacedas late as the 19th century, due to the need for a justification for slavery in the americas.	basil davidson states in his documentary, africa: different but equal, that racism, in fact, only just recently surfacedas late as the 19th century, due to the need for a justification for slavery in the americas.
garfield succumbed to his wounds nearly three months later (19 september), a death caused by poor care from his doctors.	garfield succumbed to his wounds nearly three months later (19 september), a death hastened by poor care from his doctors.
a few days later, four lobbying groups that represent the major united states terristrial and mobile communication carriers, united states telecom association, ctia, ncta and the american cable association, also sued the state of california for similar reasons as the justice department, in that the state does not have authority to regulate internet providers.	a few days later, four lobbying groups that represent the major united states terristrial and mobile communication carriers, united states telecom association, ctia, ncta and the american cable association, also sued the state of california for similar reasons as the justice department, claiming that the state does not have authority to regulate internet providers.
iftikhar janjua - major general of the pakistan army - 1965 war hero, martyred in 1971 war	iftikhar janjua - major general of the pakistan army - 1965 war hero, killed in 1971 war
the suit is based on grisham's sole non-fiction effort , the innocent man, a book about the investigation of the murder of a cocktail waitress in ada, oklahoma, and the exoneration by dna evidence of ron williamson and dennis fritz more than 12 years later.	the suit is based on grisham's sole non-fiction book , the innocent man, a book about the investigation of the murder of a cocktail waitress in ada, oklahoma, and the exoneration by dna evidence of ron williamson and dennis fritz more than 12 years later.
the squad murder four israeli civilians, including three members of one family: danny haran and his children, einat haran (age four) and yael haran (age two).	the squad kill four israeli civilians, including three members of one family: danny haran and his children, einat haran (age four) and yael haran (age two).
steinbach's public pronouncements have been criticized by polish nationalist politician lech kaczynski for causing a deterioration in german-polish relations.	steinbach's public pronouncements have been criticized by polish politician lech kaczynski for causing a deterioration in german-polish relations.
element os is a gnu/ linux operating system aimed at htpc computers.	element os is a linux operating system aimed at htpc computers.
a wellknown barber and serial killer, the character appears in various english language works starting in the mid-19th century.	a well known barber and serial killer, the character appears in various english language works starting in the mid-19th century.
faced with the incredible situation, the filmmakers came up with the strategy of dividing the phases of lab work between a couple of film labs around europe.	faced with the situation, the filmmakers came up with the strategy of dividing the phases of lab work between a couple of film labs around europe.
ivana kobilca was a distinguished slovene realist painter who lived, worked and studied in various european cities including vienna, sarajevo, berlin and paris.	ivana kobilca was a slovene realist painter who lived, worked and studied in various european cities including vienna , sarajevo , berlin and paris .
in an op-ed published in usa today, giffords and kelly referred to the nra lobby and sought to counter it by creating a lobby dedicated to responsible gun control measures.	in an op-ed published in usa today, giffords and kelly referred to the nra lobby and sought to counter it by creating a lobby dedicated to gun control measures.
"the udhr does not mention reproductive rights, which were first recognised as a subset of human rights in the 1968 proclamation of teheran which ""review the progress made in the twenty years since the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights and to formulate a programme for the future""."	"the udhr does not mention reproductive rights, which were first defined as a subset of human rights in the 1968 proclamation of teheran which ""review the progress made in the twenty years since the adoption of the universal declaration of human rights and to formulate a programme for the future""."
the mollosoi or molossoi are a hellenic tribe, named barbarians by the greeks.	the mollosoi or molossoi were probably a hellenic tribe, named barbarians by the greeks.
when beaver expresses interests in lower class occupations (such as trash collector), his parents understandably squirm with embarrassment and discomfort.	when beaver expresses interests in lower class occupations (such as trash collector), his parents squirm with embarrassment and discomfort.
"in 2005, talent was tied for the third- best rating among all senators and representatives as determined by the republican liberty caucus which promotes ""liberty-minded, limited-government individuals to office."""	"in 2005, talent was tied for the third- highest rating among all senators and representatives as determined by the republican liberty caucus which promotes ""liberty-minded, limited-government individuals to office."""
some of these horses escaped or were stolen by native americans, and rapidly spread throughout western north america.	some of these horses escaped or were captured by native americans, and rapidly spread throughout western north america.
"their leader yurovsky casually pronounced, ""your relations have tried to save you."	"their leader yurovsky pronounced, ""your relations have tried to save you."
while brazilian protestantism came to be dominated by pasteurised ccm-influenced pop music, there was a period from the 1970s to the early 1990s when there was a creative movement adapting various brazilian styles, mainly mpb, to religious meanings and even congregational singing.	while brazilian protestantism came to be dominated by ccm-influenced pop music, there was a period from the 1970s to the early 1990s when there was a creative movement adapting various brazilian styles, mainly mpb, to religious meanings and even congregational singing.
in bas-reliefs found in the ruins of building projects she commissioned, shanakdakheto is portrayed both alone as well as with her husband and son, who would inherit the throne by her passing .	in bas-reliefs found in the ruins of building projects she commissioned, shanakdakheto is portrayed both alone as well as with her husband and son, who would inherit the throne by her death .
his best work is to be found in the charming (4 vols, 1835-1837) and (1844), where the folk-lore and natural features of his native province are worked up into story form, and in un philosophe sous les toils, which received in 1851 a well-deserved academic prize.	his best work is to be found in the (4 vols, 1835-1837) and (1844), where the folk-lore and natural features of his native province are worked up into story form, and in un philosophe sous les toils, which received in 1851 a well-deserved academic prize.
in the mid-1990s, pri began to expand its tentacles by producing programming in addition to distributing programming.	in the mid-1990s, pri began to expand its reach by producing programming in addition to distributing programming.
it also runs thedailypage.com , a popular local website.	it also runs thedailypage.com, a local website.
"others argue that due to the patriation of the icc into the territory of every state-party, the icc has effectively become an domestic court of the sovereign state in question, and, as an internal affair of the state-party, exemption of americans from the jurisdiction of the icc would render u.s. citizens ""above the law""--specifically the domestic law--of the state-party, giving them such rights as europeans were once given under the ""unequal treaties"" with china ."	"others argue that due to the patriation of the icc into the territory of every state-party, the icc has effectively become an domestic court of the sovereign state in question, and, as an internal affair of the state-party, exemption of americans from the jurisdiction of the icc would render u.s. citizens ""above the law""--specifically the domestic law--of the state-party, giving them such rights as europeans were once given under the ""unequal treaties"" with other developing countries ."
in 2005, he proposed and implemented a ban on pitbull dogs, after a series of attacks by the dangerous animals.	in 2005, he proposed and implemented a ban on pitbull dogs, after a series of attacks by the animals.
it is available for gnu/ linux, bsd unix, windows, and mac os x and as source code.	it is available for linux, bsd unix, windows, and mac os x and as source code.
electronically controlled transmission, found in premium automobiles	electronically controlled transmission, found in automobiles
it believes that the work that christ began must be continued to bring mankind to complete reconciliation with god.	it believes that the work that christ began must be continued to bring humanity to complete reconciliation with god.
the overall gameplay is designed to encourage aggression rather than defensive tactics, such as sitting behind fortifications.	the overall gameplay is supposed to encourage aggression rather than defensive tactics, such as sitting behind fortifications.
he vehemently defended his appointee sohail mohammed, a muslim american, to the nj superior court.	he defended his appointee sohail mohammed, a muslim american, to the nj superior court.
because she and several other of the conspirators were roman catholics, there was speculation that the assassination was somehow connected to a papist plot.	because she and several other of the conspirators were roman catholics, there was speculation that the assassination was somehow connected to a papal plot.
most notable of these are the ideas of noam chomsky and his libertarian socialist and anarcho-syndicalist sympathies .	most notable of these are the ideas of noam chomsky and his libertarian socialist and anarcho-syndicalist thoughts .
more moderate recent intentionalist historians like eberhard jckel continue to emphasize the relative earliness of the decision to murder the jews, although they are not willing to claim that hitler planned the holocaust from the beginning.	more recent intentionalist historians like eberhard jckel continue to emphasize the relative earliness of the decision to murder the jews, although they are not willing to claim that hitler planned the holocaust from the beginning.
for example, in the us firearms are relatively commonplace and suicide by this method is four times more common than the next method.	for example, in the us firearms are relatively easy to obtain and suicide by this method is four times more common than the next method.
however , many shakespearean scholars see parallel imagery in a work by william strachey, an eyewitness report of the real-life shipwreck of the sea venture in 1609 on the islands of bermuda while sailing toward virginia.	in addition , many shakespearean scholars see parallel imagery in a work by william strachey, an eyewitness report of the real-life shipwreck of the sea venture in 1609 on the islands of bermuda while sailing toward virginia.
the attacks of september 11, 2001, were a series of coordinated terrorist attacks against the united states on september 11, 2001. members of the al-qaida militant islamic group hijacked four aircraft.	the attacks of september 11, 2001, were a series of coordinated suicide attacks against the united states on september 11, 2001. members of the al-qaida militant islamic group hijacked four aircraft.
cole's chief literary monument, however, is the magnificent collection of manuscripts, extending to nearly a hundred folio volumes, in his own handwriting, which are deposited in the british museum.	cole's chief literary monument, however, is the notable collection of manuscripts, extending to nearly a hundred folio volumes, in his own handwriting, which are deposited in the british museum.
a beautiful bowl made from green egyptian glass which was supposedly used in the last supper, taken from the main mosque at caesarea by the crusaders in 1101, and brought to genoa, where it remains in the genoa cathedral.	a bowl made from green egyptian glass which was supposedly used in the last supper, taken from the main mosque at caesarea by the crusaders in 1101, and brought to genoa, where it remains in the genoa cathedral.
1974 to 1976 bayern munich dominance	1974 to 1976 bayern munich hat-trick
despite the team's dismal record under millen and widespread disappointment among fans, the media, and even some players, millen received a five-year contract extension from owner william clay ford at the start of the 2005 season.	despite the team's poor record under millen and widespread disappointment among fans, the media, and even some players, millen received a five-year contract extension from owner william clay ford at the start of the 2005 season.
the mahayana vimalakirti sutra explains , in chapter 3, that the buddha doesn't really become ill or old but purposely presents such an appearance only to teach those born into samsara about the impermanence and pain of defiled worlds and to encourage them to strive for nirvana.	the mahayana vimalakirti sutra claims , in chapter 3, that the buddha doesn't really become ill or old but purposely presents such an appearance only to teach those born into samsara about the impermanence and pain of defiled worlds and to encourage them to strive for nirvana.
he has also made contributions in other areas of economics, such as international trade where he documented the famous leontief paradox.	he has also made contributions in other areas of economics, such as international trade where he documented the leontief paradox.
cranberry glass creations were most popular as a table display, often holding sweetmeat s or flowers.	cranberry glass creations were most popular as a table display, often holding confectioneries s or flowers.
"such information, when recovered, is sometimes usable for fraudulent purposes (see also so-called ""identity theft"" and physical information security)"	"such information, when recovered, is sometimes usable for fraudulent purposes (see also ""identity theft"" and physical information security)"
he is against further unskilled immigration into the netherlands and considers european culture as superior to other cultures.	he is against further immigration into the netherlands and considers european culture as superior to other cultures.
in 2003, the school was the subject of a private finance initiative (pfi) scheme involving several other schools (including neighbouring varndean secondary school, blatchington mill school and sixth form college and what was the comart college of media and arts) and the construction firm jarvis.	in 2003, the school was the subject of a private finance initiative (pfi) program involving several other schools (including neighbouring varndean secondary school, blatchington mill school and sixth form college and what was the comart college of media and arts) and the construction firm jarvis.
"he completed a course in ""faith writing"" offered by baylor university and taught by famed writer william mattox, jr. later, he studied theology at atlanta bible college, but withdrew after a year because of doctrinal concerns with the school's denominational affiliation."	"he completed a course in ""faith writing"" offered by baylor university and taught by writer william mattox, jr. later, he studied theology at atlanta bible college, but withdrew after a year because of doctrinal concerns with the school's denominational affiliation."
jesse randhawa is a popular model in india.	jesse randhawa is a model in india.
he unwisely saw the office of governor-general as a central player in australian political life, and so it proved to be.	he saw the office of governor-general as a central player in australian political life, and so it proved to be.
manley was thrashed in the final 7-0 by taylor.	manley was beaten in the final 7-0 by taylor.
the christian community then scarcely numbered 200 in gaza, according to the vita of st. porphyry, and the community-at-large resisted the closing of temples and destruction of pagan images which was under way in more christianized regions.	the christian community then scarcely numbered 200 in gaza, according to the vita of st. porphyry, and the community-at-large resisted the closing of temples and destruction of non-christian images which was under way in more christianized regions.
magazines currently in publication include icarus (an arts and drama revue) and the generalist miscellany, both dating from the 1950's, as well as the award-winning trinity news, dating from 1947. other publications include the student economic review, the law review, the medical review, the ultra-liberal student newspaper university record as well as the satirical tabloid piranha.	magazines currently in publication include icarus (an arts and drama revue) and the generalist miscellany, both dating from the 1950's, as well as the award-winning trinity news, dating from 1947. other publications include the student economic review, the law review, the medical review, the student newspaper university record as well as the satirical tabloid piranha.
karch kiraly, volleyball legend	karch kiraly, volleyball player
in 2005, she played lolita (a reference to vladimir nabokov's novel lolita), a teenage girl, in broken flowers, in which she appeared fully nude in front of bill murray's character, showing her breasts, vaginal area and fantastic buttocks.	in 2005, she played lolita (a reference to vladimir nabokov's novel lolita), a teenage girl, in broken flowers, in which she appeared fully nude in front of bill murray's character, showing her breasts, vaginal area and buttocks.
"he famously referred to higher order logic as ""set theory in disguise"";"	"he referred to higher order logic as ""set theory in disguise"";"
john l. blair served as president of his own company for 52 years, until his passing in 1962. his son, john l. blair, jr., continued that service for the next 25 years until the first non-family ceo was appointed and the name was changed from new process company to blair corporation.	john l. blair served as president of his own company for 52 years, until his death in 1962. his son, john l. blair, jr., continued that service for the next 25 years until the first non-family ceo was appointed and the name was changed from new process company to blair corporation.
meijer was one of only three companies out of over 400 graded to receive this extremely low score ( meijer's ranking stands in contrast to the high ratings of its bigger retail rivals, such as federated department stores (100%), sears/kmart (100%), target corporation (80%), and even wal-mart (40%).	meijer was one of only three companies out of over 400 graded to receive this extremely low score ( meijer's ranking stands in contrast to the high ratings of its bigger retail rivals, such as federated department stores (100%), sears/kmart (100%), target corporation (80%), and wal-mart (40%).
marcus dell gastineau (born november 20, 1956) is a former american football player who was a star defensive end for the new york jets from 1979 to 1988. a five-time pro bowler, he was considered one of the quickest and most-feared pass-rushers of his generation, with 100.5 quarterback sacks in only his first hundred starts in the nfl.	marcus dell gastineau (born november 20, 1956) is a former american football player who was a leading defensive end for the new york jets from 1979 to 1988. a five-time pro bowler, he was considered one of the quickest and most-feared pass-rushers of his generation, with 100.5 quarterback sacks in only his first hundred starts in the nfl.
the cirrus aircraft are supported by an active aircraft type club, the cirrus owners and pilots association (copa).	the cirrus aircraft are supported by an aircraft type club, the cirrus owners and pilots association (copa).
"their song ""for what its worth"" features poignantly as the opening music to the 2005 film lord of war."	"their song ""for what its worth"" features as the opening music to the 2005 film lord of war."
the minsk group has been criticised for its inefficacy both by the former president of azerbaijan heydar aliyev and the current president ilham aliyev.	the minsk group has been criticised for alleged inefficacy both by the former president of azerbaijan heydar aliyev and the current president ilham aliyev.
she left home town at very young age to study chinese traditional dance at the prestigious beijing dance academy.	she left home town at very young age to study chinese traditional dance at the beijing dance academy.
the film is the sequel to cundieff and scott's 1995 classic horror anthology tales from the hood.	the film is the sequel to cundieff and scott's 1995 horror anthology tales from the hood.
the study also observed the geographical location of these dirty servers and suggested that the cause of this could be the use of pirated copies of windows that could not obtain security updates from microsoft.	the study also observed the geographical location of these dirty servers and suggested that the cause of this could be the use of unlicensed copies of windows that could not obtain security updates from microsoft.
he held much hope for humanity in what may be termed an atheistic and humanistic view on life, shaped however by the scottish values with which he was raised.	he held much hope for humanity in what may be termed an atheistic and humanistic view on life, shaped also by the scottish values with which he was raised.
the giants are a member of the national league west division of major league baseball (mlb) and our the current world champions.	the giants are a member of the national league west division of major league baseball (mlb) and the current world champions.
the star is proudly liberal in the canadian context.	the star is liberal in the canadian context.
socialism is the socialization of the economy and means of production in the hands of the workingmen .	socialism is the socialization of the economy and means of production in the hands of the whole population or of the working class .
coulter's reliance on so-called controversial sources for science, intelligent design proponents and creationist sources, has prompted some critics of the intelligent design movement to analyze her claims.	coulter's reliance on controversial sources for science, intelligent design proponents and creationist sources, has prompted some critics of the intelligent design movement to analyze her claims.
"truman capote was born truman streckfus persons in new orleans, louisiana, to salesman archulus ""arch"" persons and attractive 17-year-old lillie mae faulk."	"truman capote was born truman streckfus persons in new orleans, louisiana, to salesman archulus ""arch"" persons and 17-year-old lillie mae faulk."
the deepwater horizon oil spill is a massive ongoing oil spill in the gulf of mexico that started on april 20, 2010. the spill was the result of a suspicious explosion on the deepwater horizon offshore drilling rig, operating off the coast of louisiana.	the deepwater horizon oil spill is a massive ongoing oil spill in the gulf of mexico that started on april 20, 2010. the spill was the result of a explosion on the deepwater horizon offshore drilling rig, operating off the coast of louisiana.
in 2016, he left saenuri party because of president park geun-hye's terrible scandal.	in 2016, he left saenuri party because of president park geun-hye's scandal .
frida gustavsson (born 6 june 1993) is a swedish supermodel .	frida gustavsson (born 6 june 1993) is a swedish model .
gender-neutral pronouns used in older english	gender-neutral pronouns used in ancient english
the special guard shot the 15-year-old directly on the left side of his chest, killing grigoropoulos almost immediately; according to police, grigoropolous was shot as he attempted to throw a fuel-filled bomb at police.	the special guard shot the 15-year-old on the left side of his chest, killing grigoropoulos almost immediately; according to police, grigoropolous was shot as he attempted to throw a fuel-filled bomb at police.
at night, the video picture from the lantirn can be projected on the hud, producing an image identical to what he would see during daytime.	at night, the video picture from the lantirn can be projected on the hud, producing an image identical to what the pilot would see during daytime.
this rumor was fueled by the peculiar post-mortem circumstances: no autopsy was performed, nor a coroner's inquest held, and her husband was remarkably taciturn about her passing .	this rumor was fueled by the peculiar post-mortem circumstances: no autopsy was performed, nor a coroner's inquest held, and her husband was remarkably taciturn about her death .
in the early years of the reign of louis xiv, the town was the home to his exiled cousin, the hugely wealthy anne marie louise d'orlans .	in the early years of the reign of louis xiv, the town was the home to his exiled cousin, the wealthy anne marie louise d'orlans .
trojan objects ideally orbit at a lagrangian point 60 degrees ahead of or behind a planet or moon in a type of 1:1 orbital resonance; in reality, they oscillate around such a point.	trojan objects nominally orbit at a lagrangian point 60 degrees ahead of or behind a planet or moon in a type of 1:1 orbital resonance; in reality, they oscillate around such a point.
the french government (like the british) actively pursued the policy of appeasement and accepted hitler's various violations of the versailles treaty and his demands at munich in 1938. the misguided policy of appeasement – which was wildly popular in much of western europe – should be understood however in the context of the massive losses of world war i, fought in large part on french soil and leading to approximately 1.4 million french dead including civilians (see world war i casualties), and four times as many casualties.	the french government (like the british) actively pursued the policy of appeasement and accepted hitler's various violations of the versailles treaty and his demands at munich in 1938. the policy of appeasement – which was wildly popular in much of western europe – should be understood however in the context of the massive losses of world war i, fought in large part on french soil and leading to approximately 1.4 million french dead including civilians (see world war i casualties), and four times as many casualties.
earle bruce took over for hayes and led the buckeyes to a 5–4 record against schembechler's wolverines between 1979 and 1987, perhaps the most balanced stretch of the storied rivalry, during which neither team won more than two consecutive games.	earle bruce took over for hayes and led the buckeyes to a 5–4 record against schembechler's wolverines between 1979 and 1987, perhaps the most balanced stretch of the rivalry, during which neither team won more than two consecutive games.
unity is subject to canonical's controversial contributor agreement, requiring contributors to assign copyright to canonical, and potentially allowing canonical to release it under a different license.	unity is subject to canonical's contributor agreement, requiring contributors to assign copyright to canonical, and potentially allowing canonical to release it under a different license.
the whole account, however, has the appearance of a mere fiction; and the description which lambulus gave of the east, which he had probably never seen, consisted of nothing but fabulous absurdities.	the whole account, however, has the appearance of a fiction; and the description which lambulus gave of the east, which he had probably never seen, consisted of nothing but fabulous absurdities.
mahavir tyagi (1899 - 1980) was an indian freedom fighter and famous parliamentarian from the state of uttar pradesh, india.	mahavir tyagi (1899 - 1980) was an indian independence fighter and famous parliamentarian from the state of uttar pradesh, india.
she began as a singer in the award-winning st. ann school jazz band while in middle school in west palm beach.	she began as a singer in the st. ann school jazz band while in middle school in west palm beach.
aqua design elements make up the uniform appearance of most mac os x applications.	aqua design elements make up the appearance of most mac os x applications.
kipmckean.com unofficial information about kip mckean.	kipmckean.com information about kip mckean.
in addition, the united states moved to support its vassal saudi arabia, whose importance in the region and as a key supplier of oil made it of considerable geopolitical importance.	in addition, the united states moved to support its ally saudi arabia, whose importance in the region and as a key supplier of oil made it of considerable geopolitical importance.
three main factors in hollywood accounting reduce the so-called profit of a movie, and all have to do with the calculation of overhead:	three main factors in hollywood accounting reduce the reported profit of a movie, and all have to do with the calculation of overhead:
although hunt stayed as a bench player, he certainly demonstrated that he could be the broncos future halfback.	although hunt stayed as a bench player, he demonstrated that he could be the broncos future halfback.
due to featuring elements similar to the grenfell tower fire incident, this episode was not transmitted in the uk and was foolishly omitted from its region 2 dvd release.	due to featuring elements similar to the grenfell tower fire incident, this episode was not transmitted in the uk and was omitted from its region 2 dvd release.
macierewicz became poland's minister of national defence on november 16, 2015. he engendered criticism at the time of his appointment after publicly entertaining the possibility that the demonstrably fraudulent protocols of the elders of zion might be genuine.	macierewicz became poland's minister of national defence on november 16, 2015. he engendered criticism at the time of his appointment after publicly entertaining the possibility that the allegedly fraudulent protocols of the elders of zion might be genuine.
the modifier superieure is added so customers will not become confused that it is a real absinthe with thujone.	the modifier superieure is added so customers will not become confused that it is a traditional absinthe with thujone.
later, the self-declared tibetan exile government said on sunday that it has confirmed at least 80 deaths.	later, the tibetan exile government said on sunday that it has confirmed at least 80 deaths.
mrs lailu was his first guru in carnatic music and later musicians like s.k.subrahmaniam, kanjangad sreenivasan, kaavalam sreekumar, mrs indira and tomy thomas blessed him with music lessons.	mrs lailu was his first guru in carnatic music and later musicians like s.k.subrahmaniam, kanjangad sreenivasan, kaavalam sreekumar, mrs indira and tomy thomas gave him with music lessons.
(business instead of game ), biggie smalls (after a gangster in the 1975 film let's do it again), big poppa, and frank white (from the film king of new york), was a legendary american rapper and hip-hop artist.	(business instead of game ), biggie smalls (after a gangster in the 1975 film let's do it again), big poppa, and frank white (from the film king of new york), was a successful american rapper and hip-hop artist.
the village and parish church, dedicated to st paul, is beautifully situated on the southern edge of the village in a forest clearing.	the village and parish church, dedicated to st paul, is situated on the southern edge of the village in a forest clearing.
fielding has controversially compared same-sex marriages to incest	fielding has compared same-sex marriages to incest
he was not related to the famous adams family (though he wrote a book about the family in 1930).	he was not related to the adams family (though he wrote a book about the family in 1930).
former u.s. representative ann kirkpatrick, who represented the 1st district from 2009 to 2011; won the democratic nomination against wenona benally baldenegro, an attorney and member of the navajo nation, and miguel olivas, a government consultant and one-time staffer for disgraced former u.s. representative rick renzi.	former u.s. representative ann kirkpatrick, who represented the 1st district from 2009 to 2011; won the democratic nomination against wenona benally baldenegro, an attorney and member of the navajo nation, and miguel olivas, a government consultant and one-time staffer for former u.s. representative rick renzi.
in creator gene roddenberry's very first television production, the excellent 1963-64 nbc series the lieutenant, walter koenig played a significant role as noncom sgt john delwyn.	in creator gene roddenberry's very first television production, the 1963-64 nbc series the lieutenant, walter koenig played a significant role as noncom sgt john delwyn.
lawyers for the mclibel two argued that the original trial pitted a poor, powerless pair of individuals against the wealth and might of a great corporation and breached the pair's right to freedom of expression and to a fair trial.	lawyers for the mclibel two argued that the original trial pitted a poor, powerless pair of individuals against the wealth and might of a large corporation and breached the pair's right to freedom of expression and to a fair trial.
"aleksandr blok marvellously metamorphosed pushkin's poem into his own ""o podvigakh, o doblestyakh, o slave..."", while mikhail glinka set the poem to music and dedicated the result to kern's daughter catherine."	"aleksandr blok metamorphosed pushkin's poem into his own ""o podvigakh, o doblestyakh, o slave..."", while mikhail glinka set the poem to music and dedicated the result to kern's daughter catherine."
finland's first female president tarja halonen was voted into office in 2000 and for a second term in 2006 and women's representation in parliament stands at a healthy 38%.	finland's first female president tarja halonen was voted into office in 2000 and for a second term in 2006 and women's representation in parliament stands at a 38   %.
in february 2007, brooks threatened to remove funding from the central rochester public library.	in february 2007, brooks acted to remove funding from the central rochester public library.
"an islamic terrorist group named ""the national development front"" actively campaigned against him."	"an islamic group named ""the national development front"" actively campaigned against him."
this is a safe seat for the conservative party, and blackman came a poor second.	this is a safe seat for the conservative party, and blackman came a distant second.
former maroons karmichael hunt and israel folau were both poached by the afl to play australian rules football (and both also played professional rugby union).	former maroons karmichael hunt and israel folau were both recruited by the afl to play australian rules football (and both also played professional rugby union).
the fairtax (h.r.25/s.25) is a proposal for changing united states tax laws to replace the internal revenue service (irs) and all federal income taxes (including amt), payroll taxes (including social security and medicare taxes), corporate taxes, capital gains taxes, gift taxes, and death taxes with a national retail sales tax, to be levied once at the point of purchase on all new goods and services.	the fairtax (h.r.25/s.25) is a proposal for changing united states tax laws to replace the internal revenue service (irs) and all federal income taxes (including amt), payroll taxes (including social security and medicare taxes), corporate taxes, capital gains taxes, gift taxes, and estate taxes with a national retail sales tax, to be levied once at the point of purchase on all new goods and services.
"their second album sremmlife 2 was released in 2016 to positive reviews, featuring the successful singles ""look alive"" and ""black beatles""."	"their second album sremmlife 2 was released in 2016 to positive reviews, featuring the singles ""look alive"" and ""black beatles""."
(a fine complete recording of guercur was released by emi angel/path marconi in 1990. it features hildegard behrens, nadine denize, jos van dam, and gary lakes, with the orchestre du capitole de toulouse conducted by michel plasson.)	(a complete recording of guercur was released by emi angel/path marconi in 1990. it features hildegard behrens, nadine denize, jos van dam, and gary lakes, with the orchestre du capitole de toulouse conducted by michel plasson.)
audrey hardy (ne march; formerly baldwin and hobart) is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	audrey hardy (ne march; formerly baldwin and hobart) is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
albert gjedde is a prominent danish neuroscientist.	albert gjedde is a danish neuroscientist.
sarah jessica parker (born march 25, 1965) is an american actress and producer, with a portfolio of television, film, and theater performances.	sarah jessica parker (born march 25, 1965) is an american actor and producer, with a portfolio of television, film, and theater performances.
this study has been discredited by a 2001 reanalysis of the data in the journal accident analysis and prevention.	this study has been questioned by a 2001 reanalysis of the data in the journal accident analysis and prevention.
his next victim in the tournament of champions will be his 150th.	his next opponent in the tournament of champions will be his 150th.
there are spectacular views over west yorkshire, north lancashire, greater manchester, north wales and the lancashire plain.	there are views over west yorkshire, north lancashire, greater manchester, north wales and the lancashire plain.
enterprise and the other carriers had flown a total of 23,652 tactical air attack sorties into north vietnam from may to october, and u.s. tactical air sorties during linebacker i operations helped to stem the flow of supplies into north vietnam, thereby limiting the operating capabilities of north vietnam's invading army.	enterprise and the other carriers had flown a total of 23,652 tactical air attack sorties into north vietnam from may to october, and u.s. tactical air sorties during linebacker i operations helped to stem the flow of supplies into north vietnam, thereby limiting the operating capabilities of north vietnam's army.
"leati ""sika"" anoa'i (born april 5, 1945) is a member of the famous anoa'i family and is a former professional wrestler."	"leati ""sika"" anoa'i (born april 5, 1945) is a member of the anoa'i family and is a former professional wrestler."
waka recently sanctioned a division in iraq in support of our troops.	waka recently sanctioned a division in iraq in support of u.s. troops.
gregory salcido is a controversial city councilman, former candidate for congress and educator in pico rivera, california.	gregory salcido is a city councilman, former candidate for congress and educator in pico rivera, california.
1944 – holocaust: 800 gypsy children are murdered at auschwitz concentration camp.	1944 – holocaust: 800 romani children are murdered at auschwitz concentration camp.
"in july 1970, four months after terrell's untimely death, a dramatic rearrangement of ""ain't no mountain high enough"", was released by diana ross, becoming a number-one hit and one of ross' signature songs."	"in july 1970, four months after terrell's death, a dramatic rearrangement of ""ain't no mountain high enough"", was released by diana ross, becoming a number-one hit and one of ross' signature songs."
for the popular hip-hop singer and member of outkast, see andr 3000.	for the hip-hop singer and member of outkast, see andr 3000.
hctor campos-parsi (october 1, 1922 – january 30, 1998) was a prominent puerto rican composer.	hctor campos-parsi (october 1, 1922 – january 30, 1998) was a puerto rican composer.
she also said terrorists, not the epa, were responsible for the tragedies that befell people after september 11. on december 10, 2007 legal proceedings began in a case on the question of responsibility of government officials in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001 attacks.	she also said terrorists, not the epa, were responsible for the attacks that befell people after september 11. on december 10, 2007 legal proceedings began in a case on the question of responsibility of government officials in the aftermath of the september 11, 2001 attacks.
he is best known for his portrayal as the gallic gladiator crixus in the starz television series spartacus.	he is known for his portrayal as the gallic gladiator crixus in the starz television series spartacus.
the last stage of this ridiculously long battle is situated in front of hyrule castle, in a magically closed-off arena.	the last stage of this long battle is situated in front of hyrule castle, in a magically closed-off arena.
"abdullah ""apo"" calan (; born april 4, 1948), is the founding leader of the kurdish terrorist group kurdistan workers party (pkk)."	"abdullah ""apo"" calan (; born april 4, 1948), is the founding leader of the kurdish armed militant group group kurdistan workers party (pkk)."
its name was changed once more in february 2007 to its current name by president daniel ortega to honor the sandinista regime .	its name was changed once more in february 2007 to its current name by president daniel ortega to honor the sandinista government .
at the beijing olympics cervlo bikes were ridden by over forty remarkable olympic athletes, resulting in three gold, five silver and two bronze medals a record.	at the beijing olympics cervlo bikes were ridden by over forty olympic athletes, resulting in three gold, five silver and two bronze medals a record.
despite being less rough than the other three sports, according to sports medicine australia, soccer accounts for 18.3% of all sports injury hospitalisations in australia (the second highest rate of any sport), making participation in either competitive or social soccer more likely to cause serious injury than many contact sports like rugby union, rugby league or basketball.	despite being less physical than the other three sports, according to sports medicine australia, soccer accounts for 18.3% of all sports injury hospitalisations in australia (the second highest rate of any sport), making participation in either competitive or social soccer more likely to cause serious injury than many contact sports like rugby union, rugby league or basketball.
some right-wing media commentators interpreted the publication of his paper as a sign that the american physical society had abandoned its earlier support for the scientific consensus on climate change.	some media commentators interpreted the publication of his paper as a sign that the american physical society had abandoned its earlier support for the scientific consensus on climate change.
nine students are injured by gunmen at the central university of venezuela.	nine students are injured by riot control lers at the central university of venezuela.
sophie tucker (born sonya kalish, 18841966), actress, singer, and comedienne	sophie tucker (born sonya kalish, 18841966), actress, singer, and comedian
later, the army condemned 3,353 acres (13.6 km) of their land to expand the fort lewis base.	later, the army reallotted 3,353 acres (13.6 km) of their land to expand the fort lewis base.
when the dutch refused, one panicking bosniak threw a hand grenade on the vehicle, killing soldier raviv van rensen.	when the dutch refused, one bosniak threw a hand grenade on the vehicle, killing soldier raviv van rensen.
eventually, she created a perfect mixture.	eventually, she created a well-crafted mixture.
starting with this season, the opening sequence has been drastically changed.	starting with this season, the opening sequence has been changed.
according to china's controversial territorial claims several territories in the south china sea, including the spratly islands (nansha) and paracel islands (xisha), are notionally administered as part of the province.	according to china's territorial claims several territories in the south china sea, including the spratly islands (nansha) and paracel islands (xisha), are notionally administered as part of the province.
caption = stillborn child with sirenomelia|	caption = stillborn fetus with sirenomelia|
the royal marines (rm) are the elite marine corps and amphibious infantry of the united kingdom and, along with the royal navy and royal fleet auxiliary, form the naval service.	the royal marines (rm) are the marine corps and amphibious infantry of the united kingdom and, along with the royal navy and royal fleet auxiliary, form the naval service.
a few egyptologists think there existed an egyptian military ritual wherein prisoners were raped or sodomised , so as to ensure their subjugation.	a few egyptologists think there existed an egyptian military ritual wherein prisoners were raped or anally raped , so as to ensure their subjugation.
this is due to turkey's illegal invasion on the island which occurred in 1974. this was condemned through a series of un brokered resolutions; which call upon turkey to immediately withdrawal all of its 35,000 troops and colonists from the occupied territories of cyprus.	this is due to turkey's invasion on the island which occurred in 1974. this was condemned through a series of un brokered resolutions; which call upon turkey to immediately withdrawal all of its 35,000 troops and colonists from the occupied territories of cyprus.
the given name is a french and portuguese form of andrew.	the given name is a french and portuguese equivalent of andrew.
suppose we have agreed to use the c programming language (1978 edition) as our text, and we are using the ordinary tabula recta as our tableau.	suppose we have agreed to use the c programming language (1978 edition) as our text, and we are using the tabula recta as our tableau.
many others disagree, however, and assert that her performance was poor and off-key.	some others disagree, however, and assert that her performance was poor and off-key.
stunning photos of slender loris	photos of slender loris
in 2010, radio shabelle was awarded the prestigious media of the year prize by the paris-based journalism organization, reporters without borders (rsf).	in 2010, radio shabelle was awarded the media of the year prize by the paris-based journalism organization, reporters without borders (rsf).
the second half of the movie is the drama of the olympics, and the fish-out-of-water scenario of the laid-back tropical reggae jamaicans in both the arrogant european-dominated sport and the wintery calgary country music culture.	the second half of the movie is the drama of the olympics, and the fish-out-of-water scenario of the laid-back tropical reggae jamaicans in both the european-dominated sport and the wintery calgary country music culture.
in 1216 he captured the city and proclaimed himself count of toulouse, but while he was elsewhere, on 12 september 1217, the legitimate claimant, raymond vi, retook the city without a fight.	in 1216 he captured the city and proclaimed himself count of toulouse, but while he was elsewhere, on 12 september 1217, the rival claimant, raymond vi, retook the city without a fight.
jacob and the other wolves in his tribe must protect her from victoria, an evil vampire who intends to avenge the death of james, her mate, by killing bella.	jacob and the other wolves in his tribe must protect her from victoria, an vampire who intends to avenge the death of james, her mate, by killing bella.
her fourth filmfare best actress award places her at par with other great bollywood actresses, meena kumari and madhuri dixit each of whom holds 4 best actress awards from filmfare.	her fourth filmfare best actress award places her at par with other famous bollywood actresses, meena kumari and madhuri dixit each of whom holds 4 best actress awards from filmfare.
raymond reginald williams (born 1937) is an australian businessman and corporate criminal.	raymond reginald williams (born 1937) is an australian businessperson and corporate criminal.
unfortunately he was sent off in the 2009 scottish league cup final after a foul on aidan mcgeady.	he was sent off in the 2009 scottish league cup final after a foul on aidan mcgeady.
the grant plans to disburse 50 grants of $2,500 to disadvantaged young men to assist them with their tertiary expenses, starting in the 2016-17 academic year.	the grant plans to disburse 50 grants of $2,500 to young men to assist them with their tertiary expenses, starting in the 2016-17 academic year.
much of the armor and defensive weaponry of the bombers was also removed to allow increased bomb loads; japanese air defense in terms of night-fighters and anti-aircraft guns was so feeble it was hardly a risk.	much of the armor and defensive weaponry of the bombers was also removed to allow increased bomb loads; japanese air defense in terms of night-fighters and anti-aircraft guns was so inadequate that it was hardly a risk.
since then, many of her movies have been less successful (with the obvious exception of the perfect storm).	since then, many of her movies have been less successful (with the exception of the perfect storm).
wolf hall is a british television serial first broadcast on bbc two in january 2015. the six-part series is an adaptation of two of hilary mantel's novels, wolf hall and bring up the bodies, a sympathetic fictionalised biography documenting the rapid rise to power of thomas cromwell in the court of henry viii through to the death of sir thomas more, followed by cromwell's success in freeing the king of his marriage to anne boleyn.	wolf hall is a british television serial first broadcast on bbc two in january 2015. the six-part series is an adaptation of two of hilary mantel's novels, wolf hall and bring up the bodies, a fictionalised biography documenting the rapid rise to power of thomas cromwell in the court of henry viii through to the death of sir thomas more, followed by cromwell's success in freeing the king of his marriage to anne boleyn.
catherine cass daley (1915-1975), american actress, singer and comedienne	catherine cass daley (1915-1975), american actress, singer and comedian
he was professor of jurisprudence and political economy in queen's college, belfast, noted for debunking the wages-fund doctrine and for addressing contemporary agrarian policy questions.	he was professor of jurisprudence and political economy in queen's college, belfast, noted for challenging the wages-fund doctrine and for addressing contemporary agrarian policy questions.
dead prez is the pair of underground racist alternative rappers stic.man and m-1.	dead prez is the pair of underground alternative rappers stic.man and m-1.
"at one point the demo featured lyrics and vocals by bjrn titled ""mountain top"", and another instrumental attempt (""part i"") and later reworking ""part 2"" (with beautiful lead vocals by agnetha & frida) was released in the box set thank you for the music."	"at one point the demo featured lyrics and vocals by bjrn titled ""mountain top"", and another instrumental attempt (""part i"") and later reworking ""part 2"" (with lead vocals by agnetha & frida) was released in the box set thank you for the music."
the feast commemorates an event reported by all four canonical gospels , , , and : the triumphal entry of jesus into jerusalem in the days before his passion.	the feast commemorates an event alleged by all four canonical gospels , , , and : the triumphal entry of jesus into jerusalem in the days before his passion.
the killing of the bird created great controversy, with seven agencies investigating the murder (the bird was said to be an endangered species), the person who shot the bird receiving threats and ruud de wild, a dutch radio station dj, having offered 3000 euro to anyone who could sabotage at least one million stones before 18 november.	the killing of the bird created great controversy, with seven agencies investigating the shooting (the bird was said to be an endangered species), the person who shot the bird receiving threats and ruud de wild, a dutch radio station dj, having offered 3000 euro to anyone who could sabotage at least one million stones before 18 november.
hashed array tree (hat) is a dynamic array algorithm invented by sitarski in 1996. hashed array tree wastes order n1/2 amount of storage space, where n is the number of elements in the array.	hashed array tree (hat) is a dynamic array algorithm published by sitarski in 1996. hashed array tree wastes order n1/2 amount of storage space, where n is the number of elements in the array.
named after the 16th-century theologian, calvin is an impulsive, sometimes overly creative, imaginative, energetic, curious, extremely intelligent, often selfish, rude, and a usually bad-tempered six-year-old, whose last name is never mentioned in the strip.	named after the 16th-century theologian, calvin is an impulsive, sometimes overly creative, imaginative, energetic, curious, intelligent, often selfish, rude, and a usually bad-tempered six-year-old, whose last name is never mentioned in the strip.
anarcho-primitivists argue that this notion of ownership laid the foundation for social hierarchy as property and power emerged.	anarcho-primitivists state that this notion of ownership laid the foundation for social hierarchy as property and power emerged.
grigori perelman was born in leningrad (now st. petersburg) to a jewish family on june 13, 1966. his early mathematical education occurred at the world-famous leningrad secondary school #239, a specialized school with advanced mathematics and physics programs.	grigori perelman was born in leningrad (now st. petersburg) to a jewish family on june 13, 1966. his early mathematical education occurred at the leningrad secondary school #239, a specialized school with advanced mathematics and physics programs.
"the story was picked up by many blogs and internet opinion sites with overwhelming rebuke for mckinney coming from conservatives, and even left-leaning sources offering negative portrayals of rep. mckinney, as on the comedy show saturday night live, which lampooned her repeatedly on their 4/8/06 show for ""playing the race card."""	"the story was picked up by many blogs and internet opinion sites with overwhelming rebuke for mckinney coming from conservatives, and also left-leaning sources offering negative portrayals of rep. mckinney, as on the comedy show saturday night live, which lampooned her repeatedly on their 4/8/06 show for ""playing the race card."""
the gamma ray collides with an electron through compton scattering and the accelerated electron can be detected through cerenkov radiation.	the gamma ray collides with an electron through compton scattering and the accelerated electron can be detected through cherenkov radiation.
the paramilitary white guards, composed of peasants , along with middle-class and upper-class social strata, controlled rural central and northern finland.	the paramilitary white guards, composed of farmers , along with middle-class and upper-class social strata, controlled rural central and northern finland.
following the accident the city of bourbonnais erected a memorial to the people that died in the tragic accident.	following the accident the city of bourbonnais erected a memorial to the people that died in the accident.
the company is currently developing two aaa games;	the company is currently developing two games;
one of the biggest criticisms of social media sites and applications is their inherent potential to feed the growing problem of cyberbullying.	one of the biggest criticisms of social media sites and applications is their inherent potential to feed the growing amount of cyberbullying.
in 1940 sanders perfected his original recipe.	in 1940 sanders devised what came to be known as his original recipe.
the full national colours of ireland are achieved when the green star is combined with the word irg in the colour orange (signifying the cultural identity of ireland's protestants) set onto a white background.	the full national colours of the irish state are achieved when the green star is combined with the word irg in the colour orange (signifying the cultural identity of ireland's protestants) set onto a white background.
"in terms of commercial development, saskatoon was somewhat slow in embracing the big-box store format that replaced the traditional shopping mall in the mid-to-late 1990s, with the city's first true ""power centre"" not opening until the early 2000s."	"in terms of commercial development, saskatoon was slow in embracing the big-box store format that replaced the traditional shopping mall in the mid-to-late 1990s, with the city's first true ""power centre"" not opening until the early 2000s."
the blackpool tower is a cool tourist attraction in the town of blackpool, lancashire, in the north of england .	the blackpool tower is a tourist attraction in the town of blackpool, lancashire, in the north of england .
jane kennedy actress, comedienne and producer with working dog productions	jane kennedy actress, comedian and producer with working dog productions
following the paper's publication, other scientists criticized the study's methods and argued that the authors had misrepresented or misinterpreted their data.	following the paper's publication, some scientists criticized the study's methods and argued that the authors had misrepresented or misinterpreted their data.
ralph adrian ulveling (may 9, 1902 march 21, 1980) was an influential american librarian best known for his support of intellectual freedom, interracial understanding, and the advancement of the library and information science profession.	ralph adrian ulveling (may 9, 1902 march 21, 1980) was an american librarian best known for his support of intellectual freedom, interracial understanding, and the advancement of the library and information science profession.
the accent that has been used here as a model is standard east norwegian, which is an unofficial pronunciation standard of bokml that is spoken in the oslo region and most commonly taught to foreigners.	the accent that has been used here as a model is urban east norwegian, which is an unofficial pronunciation standard of bokml that is spoken in the oslo region and most commonly taught to foreigners.
members include psychologists and others, academics and practitioners, faculty and students, psychotherapists and consumer-survivors .	members include psychologists and others, academics and practitioners, faculty and students, psychotherapists and patients .
after rightfully scrapping the idea, track officials looked after other ways to increase safety, which eventually resulted in the addition of safer barriers to the corner walls in 2003, and the addition of the engine-kill switch to all busch series and winston cup (now nextel cup) cars.	after scrapping the idea, track officials looked after other ways to increase safety, which eventually resulted in the addition of safer barriers to the corner walls in 2003, and the addition of the engine-kill switch to all busch series and winston cup (now nextel cup) cars.
even the life of edward the confessor, commissioned by his wife edith, who was harold's sister, is surprisingly silent on the subject.	even the life of edward the confessor, commissioned by his wife edith, who was harold's sister, is silent on the subject.
the nap is the 152nd episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld.	the nap is the 152nd episode of the sitcom seinfeld.
under the sorcersesses' hypnotic influence, seifer betrays balamb garden.	under the sorcersesses' influence, seifer betrays balamb garden.
from 1987 to 1994, howarth did a comic book series savage henry, about the wacky adventures of a guitarist from an alternate reality.	from 1987 to 1994, howarth did a comic book series savage henry, about the adventures of a guitarist from an alternate reality.
joo klein, renowned brazilian energy engineer.	joo klein, brazilian energy engineer.
dawson creek is a small city in northeastern british columbia, canada.	dawson creek is a city in northeastern british columbia, canada.
dolby supported depeche mode in their infamous rose bowl concert on june 18th, 1988.	dolby supported depeche mode in their rose bowl concert on june 18th, 1988.
unfortunately , several of the new cox-2 selective inhibitors have been recently withdrawn, after evidence emerged that cox-2 inhibitors increase the risk of heart attack.	however , several of the new cox-2 selective inhibitors have been recently withdrawn, after evidence emerged that cox-2 inhibitors increase the risk of heart attack.
it is the home of some of syracuse's finest restaurants, at least two coffeehouses, a radio station company, dozens of small shops selling everything from band instruments to used records to women's clothing, several bars and nightclubs, a newly-restored upscale hotel, and two tattoo parlors.	it is the home of some of syracuse's better restaurants, at least two coffeehouses, a radio station company, dozens of small shops selling everything from band instruments to used records to women's clothing, several bars and nightclubs, a newly-restored upscale hotel, and two tattoo parlors.
kanon (singer) a japanese female singer who provides the insert and ending songs to the popular anime angel heart and la corda d'oro	kanon (singer) a japanese female singer who provides the insert and ending songs to the anime angel heart and la corda d'oro
the chechen republic (; chechen: /noxiyn nokhchiyn respublika), or, informally, chechnya (russian: chechen: /noxiy/nokhchiycho), sometimes incorrectly referred to as ichkeria, chechnia or chechenia, is a federal subject of russia (a republic).	the chechen republic (; chechen: /noxiyn nokhchiyn respublika), or, informally, chechnya (russian: chechen: /noxiy/nokhchiycho), sometimes referred to as ichkeria, chechnia or chechenia, is a federal subject of russia (a republic).
the purpose of this is to decrease carbon emissions, which is causing climate change.	the purpose of this is to decrease carbon emissions, which may be causing climate change.
opera is an internet suite which handles common internet-related tasks, including visiting web sites, sending and receiving e-mail messages, managing contacts, and online chat.	opera is the best internet suite which handles common internet-related tasks, including visiting web sites, sending and receiving e-mail messages, managing contacts, and online chat.
appeal to emotion : arguing that injecting an organic mercury compound straight into the tissue and bloodstream of small children has to be risky at best and most likely reckless .	appeal to common sense : arguing that injecting an organic mercury compound straight into the tissue and bloodstream of small children has to be risky at best and most likely reckless .
hurricane vince was a hurricane that developed in the northeastern atlantic basin.	hurricane vince was a tropical cyclone that developed in the northeastern atlantic basin.
version 2.0 added a full email reader called netscape mail, thus transforming netscape from a mere web browser to an internet suite.	version 2.0 added a full email reader called netscape mail, thus transforming netscape from a single-purpose web browser to an internet suite.
sometime later, however, gratis again lost support from truste, and has since been without truste's coveted seal.	sometime later, however, gratis again lost support from truste, and has since been without truste's seal.
however, there is no strict definition of the adaptogenic characteristics of a plant product, leading to a generalized usage of the term for commercial or pseudoscientific reasons.	however, there is no strict definition of the adaptogenic characteristics of a plant product, leading to a generalized usage of the term for commercial or non-scientific reasons.
lner class a4 4488 union of south africa, a classic gresley design, beautifully restored.	lner class a4 4488 union of south africa, a classic gresley design, restored.
"or eta (basque for ""basque homeland and freedom""; ), is an armed basque nationalist terrorist organization."	"or eta (basque for ""basque homeland and freedom""; ), is an armed basque nationalist separatist organization."
because i got high is a grammy-nominated song by american rapper afroman from his album of the same name.	because i got high is a song by american rapper afroman from his album of the same name.
others would argue, however, that the unfriendly welcome was hardly surprising in the light of the intolerance against gay people continually advocated by green's group, perhaps best illustrated their posting after hurricane katrina of a press release entitled 'purity comes to new orleans' (see above), which not only attempted to link homosexuality to the disaster, but sickeningly repeated an urban myth that 'gays partied amidst the dead' - the kind of defamatory posting which bears strong similarities to phelps' notorious website.	others would argue, however, that the unfriendly welcome was hardly surprising in the light of the intolerance against gay people continually advocated by green's group, perhaps best illustrated their posting after hurricane katrina of a press release entitled 'purity comes to new orleans' (see above), which not only attempted to link homosexuality to the disaster, but repeated an urban myth that 'gays partied amidst the dead' - the kind of defamatory posting which bears strong similarities to phelps' notorious website.
social ecology, founded by bookchin, is based on the conviction that nearly all of our present ecological problems originate in deep-seated social problems.	social ecology, founded by bookchin, is based on the conviction that nearly all of humanity's present ecological problems originate in deep-seated social problems.
dilly keane (expelled), actress, singer and comedienne	dilly keane (expelled), actress, singer and comedian
by envisioning peace as a process, and as self-fulfilling, gandhi's moral philosophy circumvents some of the traditional hypocracies of historical nonviolent moral doctrine.	by envisioning peace as a process, and as self-fulfilling, gandhi's moral philosophy circumvents some of the traditional issues of historical nonviolent moral doctrine.
the historical buddha is one member of the spiritual lineage of buddhas, which extends beyond history into the past and into the indefinite future.	the historical buddha is one member of the spiritual lineage of buddhas, which is thought to extend beyond history into the past and into the indefinite future.
stone was soundly defeated by braun and contributed to a sweep of cook county offices by democrats.	stone was defeated by braun and contributed to a sweep of cook county offices by democrats.
mystole is rich in heritage due to its focal point, mystole house, a remarkable 16th century historic building, with architectural grade ii status and former appurtenances/outbuildings: grade ii listed mystole coach house; its park; listed orangery; tennis court; archway lodge; the tetherings and stable house.	mystole is rich in heritage due to its focal point, mystole house, a 16th century historic building, with architectural grade ii status and former appurtenances/outbuildings: grade ii listed mystole coach house; its park; listed orangery; tennis court; archway lodge; the tetherings and stable house.
radio host alan berg broadcast his liberal talk show from the station, but was shot and killed by members of the white supremacist group the order on june 18, 1984. another host from an earlier era was leigh kamman, who hosted jazz programs during world war ii.	radio host alan berg broadcast his talk show from the station, but was shot and killed by members of the white supremacist group the order on june 18, 1984. another host from an earlier era was leigh kamman, who hosted jazz programs during world war ii.
christian responses to criticisms of christianity	responses to criticisms of christianity
"susan ""sue"" osman is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sandy ratcliff."	"susan ""sue"" osman is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sandy ratcliff."
the u.s. national squad fell well short of expectations at the 2006 fifa world cup, finishing last in group e with losses to the czech republic and ghana.	the u.s. national squad fell short of expectations at the 2006 fifa world cup, finishing last in group e with losses to the czech republic and ghana.
his brutal murder on 11 april 1999 in belgrade, fr yugoslavia provoked international outrage and wide condemnation.	his murder on 11 april 1999 in belgrade, fr yugoslavia provoked international outrage and wide condemnation.
first president myth	first president claim
for example, broadcaster stv and government agencies scottish enterprise and visit scotland had to resign their membership of the confederation of british industry (cbi) after the cbi declared itself as an organisation supporting the campaign against independence.	for example, broadcaster stv and government agencies scottish enterprise and visit scotland chose to resign their membership of the confederation of british industry (cbi) after the cbi declared itself as an organisation supporting the campaign against independence.
richard howson is a failed british businessman, and the former chief executive (ceo) of carillion, a british multinational facilities management and construction services company.	richard howson is a british businessman, and the former chief executive (ceo) of carillion, a british multinational facilities management and construction services company.
the bismarck class, with its design compromises, was intended merely as an interim design that would eventually be supplemented in the german main battle line by a larger and even more capable design, the h class.	the bismarck class, with its design compromises, was intended merely as an interim design that would eventually be supplemented in the german main battle line by a larger and more capable design, the h class.
matthew ferguson, a famous actor	matthew ferguson, a canadian actor
hummer) this accolade is ridiculous .	hummer) this accolade is confusing .
if both sides are raised to the power , remembering that , one obtains this remarkable identity:	if both sides are raised to the power , remembering that , one obtains this identity:
it is a strong departure from his regular rock output.	it is a departure from his regular rock output.
there is also a small shop where people are encoraged to buy merchandise such as blessed water, crystals, and books.	there is also a small shop where people are encoraged to buy goods such as blessed water, crystals, and books.
romney's paternal great-grandparents practiced plural marriage, and fled to mexico in 1884 after an 1878 u.s. supreme court decision that upheld laws banning polygamy.	romney's paternal great-grandparents practiced plural marriage, and went to mexico in 1884 after an 1878 u.s. supreme court decision that upheld laws banning polygamy.
may 24 - nicolaus copernicus, polish astronomer (born 1473)	may 24 - nicolaus copernicus, astronomer (born 1473)
thrr's majestic grandson thorin sees king thranduil and his wood-elves on a nearby hillside and is dismayed when they take their leave rather than aid his people, resulting in thorin's everlasting hatred of elves.	thrr's grandson thorin sees king thranduil and his wood-elves on a nearby hillside and is dismayed when they take their leave rather than aid his people, resulting in thorin's everlasting hatred of elves.
second baseman don trower took over as manager in the 1951 season, in which they cowboys went 71-68; however the team tragically lost its biggest offensive threat in dick conway: a 6 foot, 3 inch catcher from lynn, ma.	second baseman don trower took over as manager in the 1951 season, in which they cowboys went 71-68; however the team lost its biggest offensive threat in dick conway: a 6 foot, 3 inch catcher from lynn, ma.
harry greenbank was born henry harveston greenbank in london, england and had an extraordinarily productive, but tragically short, life.	harry greenbank was born henry harveston greenbank in london, england and had an extraordinarily productive, but short, life.
his mistress proved herself a marketable screen personality, especially as a comedienne in such popular one-reelers as miss masquerader (1911) and love finds a way (1912).	his mistress proved herself a marketable screen personality, especially as a comedian in such popular one-reelers as miss masquerader (1911) and love finds a way (1912).
divination is the alleged practice of ascertaining information from supernatural sources.	divination is the practice of ascertaining information from supernatural sources.
sir herbert scarisbrick naylor-leyland, 1st baronet (18641899); created a baronet at the young age of 31 for reasons unknown.	sir herbert scarisbrick naylor-leyland, 1st baronet (18641899); created a baronet at the age of 31 for reasons unknown.
"he apologised unconvincingly for the remarks during the following day's broadcast, albeit at the same time telling those calling for wright to be reported to ofcom to ""grow up""."	"he apologised for the remarks during the following day's broadcast, albeit at the same time telling those calling for wright to be reported to ofcom to ""grow up""."
the johnson campaign and other critics painted him in 1964 as a reactionary, while supporters praised his crusades against the federal government, corrupt labor unions, and the welfare state.	the johnson campaign and other critics painted him in 1964 as a reactionary, while supporters praised his crusades against the federal government, labor unions, and the welfare state.
balagtas or bigaa station is one of the defunct stations of the abandoned northrail line of pnr, sadly this station will not be included in the project.	balagtas or bigaa station is one of the defunct stations of the abandoned northrail line of pnr, this station will not be included in the project.
several heroic fights by the allied forces and volunteers of singapore's population against the advancing japanese, such as the battle of pasir panjang, took place during this period.	several fights by the allied forces and volunteers of singapore's population against the advancing japanese, such as the battle of pasir panjang, took place during this period.
"wilson's supporters counter that wilson accurately states only that he was sent by the cia in response to questions asked by the ""office"" of the vice president, not personally by vice president cheney himself."	"wilson's supporters counter that wilson states only that he was sent by the cia in response to questions asked by the ""office"" of the vice president, not personally by vice president cheney himself."
fortunately he was pardoned in august 1902. after his release he encountered changed political climate in macedonia.	he was pardoned in august 1902. after his release he encountered changed political climate in macedonia.
numerous footnotes and cross-references	footnotes and cross-references
17 november is also the name of a terrorist group in greece.	17 november is also the name of a marxist group in greece.
victoria's empire is a three-part british travel series that was first broadcast on bbc one in 2007. it was fronted by comedienne and actress victoria wood.	victoria's empire is a three-part british travel series that was first broadcast on bbc one in 2007. it was fronted by comedian and actress victoria wood.
many of these bloggers have responded by reprinting his dispatches on their blogs, adding their own paragraph-by-paragraph commentary, dissecting and debunking fisk's assertions and opinions.	many of these bloggers have responded by reprinting his dispatches on their blogs, adding their own paragraph-by-paragraph commentary, dissecting and claiming to debunk fisk's assertions and opinions.
thousand foot krutch (shortened as tfk) is a canadian christian rock band formed in 1997. the band has released five studio albums, the most recent being the flame in all of us (2007).	thousand foot krutch (shortened as tfk) is a canadian rock band formed in 1997. the band has released five studio albums, the most recent being the flame in all of us (2007).
"like prince's ""little red corvette"", ""pink cadillac"" follows the tradition of the wilson pickett r&b classic ""mustang sally"" in using automobile travel as a metaphor for sexual activity, particularly as sung by springsteen as the lyric: ""i love you for your pink cadillac"" was originally a veiled pudendal reference."	"like prince's ""little red corvette"", ""pink cadillac"" follows the tradition of the wilson pickett r&b song ""mustang sally"" in using automobile travel as a metaphor for sexual activity, particularly as sung by springsteen as the lyric: ""i love you for your pink cadillac"" was originally a veiled pudendal reference."
hansel and gretel: witch hunters is an upcoming 2013 american action-adventure comedy horror film directed by tommy wirkola and filmed in 3-d. it is a continuation to the fairy tale hansel and gretel by the brothers grimm.	hansel and gretel: witch hunters is an upcoming 2013 american action-adventure horror film directed by tommy wirkola and filmed in 3-d. it is a continuation to the fairy tale hansel and gretel by the brothers grimm.
such usage included not only the use of man as a false generic but also the use of he as a generic pronoun.	such usage included not only the use of man as a generic but also the use of he as a generic pronoun.
later novels, such as robert falconer and lilith, show a distaste for the biblical idea that god's electing love is limited to some and denied to others.	later novels, such as robert falconer and lilith, show a distaste for the idea that god's electing love is limited to some and denied to others.
macedonian culture is the culture of the ethnic macedonian population of the balkan region, known in the 20th century as vardar macedonia or the current republic of macedonia.	macedonian culture is the culture of the slavic macedonian population of the balkan region, known in the 20th century as vardar macedonia or the current republic of macedonia.
william luther pierce (1933–2002), white supremacist , associated with the american nazi party	william luther pierce (1933–2002), white nationalist , associated with the american nazi party
alt=nine elated young women, eight in green one-piece tight lycra outfits and the shortest in jumper and trousers, stand in a line in front of two crossed oars|the women's 1st viii, 1993	alt=nine smiling young women, eight in green one-piece tight lycra outfits and the shortest in jumper and trousers, stand in a line in front of two crossed oars|the women's 1st viii, 1993
ahn jung-geun or an jung-geun (september 2, 1879 - march 26, 1910) (christian name: thomas) was a korean nationalist who assassinated the first prime minister of japan, it hirobumi, following the signing of the eulsa treaty, with korea on the verge of annexation by japan.	ahn jung-geun or an jung-geun (september 2, 1879 - march 26, 1910) (christian name: thomas) was a korean independence activist who assassinated the first prime minister of japan, it hirobumi, following the signing of the eulsa treaty, with korea on the verge of annexation by japan.
the english translation by gayatri chakravorty spivak was first published in 1976. a corrected edition of the translation was published in 1997.	the english translation by gayatri chakravorty spivak was first published in 1976. a revised edition of the translation was published in 1997.
in 1918, lenin ordered the notorious cheka to arrest elizabeth.	in 1918, lenin ordered the cheka to arrest elizabeth.
"dzhokhar anzorovich ""jahar"" tsarnaev (, ; born july 22, 1993) and tamerlan anzorovich tsarnaev (, ; october 21, 1986 april 19, 2013) are two chechen brothers accused of perpetrating the boston marathon bombings on april 15, 2013. the bombings killed three people and reportedly injured as many as 264 others."	"dzhokhar anzorovich ""jahar"" tsarnaev (, ; born july 22, 1993) and tamerlan anzorovich tsarnaev (, ; october 21, 1986 april 19, 2013) are two chechen brothers suspected of perpetrating the boston marathon bombings on april 15, 2013. the bombings killed three people and reportedly injured as many as 264 others."
in november 2009 hackers broke into a server used by the cru and stole a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents.	in november 2009 hackers broke into a server used by the cru and leaked a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents.
clarice the doe (voiced and sung by janis orenstein) a pretty doe rudolph meets at take-off practice, and she immediately develops a large crush on him.	clarice the doe (voiced and sung by janis orenstein) a pretty doe rudolph meets at take-off practice, and she immediately develops a crush on him.
"he also contributed a number of scripts to the warner brothers western series lawman between 1958 and 1962. he wrote the star trek episode ""the enemy within"", considered one of the best."	"he also contributed a number of scripts to the warner bros. western series lawman between 1958 and 1962. he wrote the star trek episode ""the enemy within"", considered one of the best."
this group is devoted to attacking his military service history and war record, particularly with regard to the merit of his medals and the veracity of his 1971 testimony about the vietnam war.	this group is devoted to calling into question his military service history and war record, particularly with regard to the merit of his medals and the veracity of his 1971 testimony about the vietnam war.
"he opened a kenpo karate mcdojo in pasadena around 1954 and published a book of the same name in 1961. this has been characterized as having a very japanese influence, including the use of linear, ""focused"" techniques and jujutsu-style locks, holds, and throws."	"he opened a kenpo karate dojo in pasadena around 1954 and published a book of the same name in 1961. this has been characterized as having a very japanese influence, including the use of linear, ""focused"" techniques and jujutsu-style locks, holds, and throws."
in certain sectors, castro is condemned as a dictator, especially by the cuban american exile community in south florida, although some others consider him a democratic leader.	in certain sectors, castro is condemned as a dictator, especially by the cuban american community in south florida, although some others consider him a democratic leader.
hezbollah had demanded the release of lebanese prisoners as condition for releasing israeli reservists ehud goldwasser and eldad regev, captured in the hezbollah raid which preceded the 2006 lebanon war.	hezbollah had demanded the release of lebanese prisoners as condition for releasing israeli reservists ehud goldwasser and eldad regev, captured in the hezbollah raid which started the 2006 lebanon war.
kirk makes the ultimate sacrifice, as does the ncc-1701-d, in one of the more thrilling special effects sequences of the film series.	kirk makes the ultimate sacrifice, as does the ncc-1701-d, in one of the more spectacular special effects sequences of the film series.
israel closes settlements in the gaza strip, prompting clashes between israeli troops and extremist jewish settlers.	israel closes settlements in the gaza strip, prompting clashes between israeli troops and jewish settlers.
polish nunchaku website greatest polish web about nunchaku.	polish nunchaku website polish web about nunchaku.
the russian ministry of foreign affairs reported that the ambassador confirmed to them that her bodyguard used pepper spray against the protesters.	the russian ministry of foreign affairs reported that the ambassador confirmed to them that her bodyguard had to use pepper spray against the protesters.
debate is known to improve critical thinking skills and educational outcomes.	debate is believed to improve critical thinking skills and educational outcomes.
he is a regular media contributor to political affairs programmes and has a weekly column in the leading morning nationalist paper in ulster , the irish news.	he is a regular media contributor to political affairs programmes and has a weekly column in the leading morning nationalist paper in northern ireland , the irish news.
"in the book, mankind experiences large-scale confrontations with a largely unknown alien race called formics (often referred to as ""buggers"") who nearly wipe out humanity."	"in the book, humankind experiences large-scale confrontations with a largely unknown alien race called formics (often referred to as ""buggers"") who nearly wipe out humanity."
hateful display at american university	display at american university
"the despicable pandering to minority communalism was termed as ""minorityism""."	"the pandering to minority communalism was termed as ""minorityism""."
killings in the ashram	deaths in the ashram
when joseph stalin came to power these gains were reversed bit by bit until homosexuality along with other freedoms gained by women were effectively made illegal again by the bureaucratic regime.	when joseph stalin came to power these changes were reversed bit by bit until homosexuality along with other freedoms gained by women were effectively made illegal again by the bureaucratic regime.
a local indian accused of volunteering his services (as a guide) to krohcol was tracked down, cornered, and shot dead by a group of vengeful patriots .	a local indian accused of volunteering his services (as a guide) to krohcol was tracked down, cornered, and shot dead by a group of vengeful thais .
a july 25, 2007 article on the left-wing counterpunch.org accuses gupta of publicly backing the drug gardasil (a cervical cancer drug) while at the same time being significantly sponsored by the manufacturer, merck.	a july 25, 2007 article on the counterpunch.org accuses gupta of publicly backing the drug gardasil (a cervical cancer drug) while at the same time being significantly sponsored by the manufacturer, merck.
"the motive, as stated in the indictment, was the revenge for the of murder of the young israeli settler malachi rosenfeld by palestinians, near duma, in june 2015. the indictments also included charges of membership in the ""revolt"" group, who reportedly was founded in october 2013, and aimed to carry out terror acts against palestinians, stir chaos in israel, and bring about war between arabs and jews."	"the motive, as stated in the indictment, was the revenge for the of murder of the young israeli malachi rosenfeld by palestinians, near duma, in june 2015. the indictments also included charges of membership in the ""revolt"" group, who reportedly was founded in october 2013, and aimed to carry out terror acts against palestinians, stir chaos in israel, and bring about war between arabs and jews."
in may 2015, food safety regulators from the uttar pradesh, india found that samples of nestl's leading noodles maggi had up to 17 times beyond permissible safe limits of lead in addition to monosodium glutamate.	in may 2015, food safety regulators from the uttar pradesh, india found that samples of nestl's noodles maggi had up to 17 times beyond permissible safe limits of lead in addition to monosodium glutamate.
hp is acknowledged by wired magazine as the producer of the world's first personal computer, in 1968, the hewlett-packard 9100a.	hp is identified by wired magazine as the producer of the world's first personal computer, in 1968, the hewlett-packard 9100a.
scrooge is arguably the richest duck in the world having worked his way up the financial ladder from humble immigrant roots to fantasticillionaire status.	scrooge is the richest duck in the world having worked his way up the financial ladder from humble immigrant roots to fantasticillionaire status.
mevlana, great philosopher and poet	mevlana, philosopher and poet
"many conservative commentators agreed with reagan and ignored the findings of international observers, comparing the election to one-candidate ""elections"" in communist countries, although six parties ran against the sandinistas in that election, winning 35 of 96 seats in the national legislature."	"many conservative commentators agreed with reagan and rejected the findings of international observers, comparing the election to one-candidate ""elections"" in communist countries, although six parties ran against the sandinistas in that election, winning 35 of 96 seats in the national legislature."
fortunately , this did not occur, and the squadron of f-16as managed to safely jettison their empty external tanks over the saudi desert.	however , this did not occur, and the squadron of f-16as managed to safely jettison their empty external tanks over the saudi desert.
"in january 2012 after the russian and chinese veto of another security council resolution calling on syrian strongman bashar al-assad to step down, rice strongly condemned both countries, saying, ""they put a stake in the heart of efforts to resolve this conflict peacefully,"" adding that ""we the united states are standing with the people of syria."	"in january 2012 after the russian and chinese veto of another security council resolution calling on syrian president bashar al-assad to step down, rice strongly condemned both countries, saying, ""they put a stake in the heart of efforts to resolve this conflict peacefully,"" adding that ""we the united states are standing with the people of syria."
bhumihar brahmins or bhuinhar is a caste mainly found in the indian states of bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh.	bhumihar or bhuinhar is a caste mainly found in the indian states of bihar, jharkhand and uttar pradesh.
"a particularly egregious situation concerned the last few years of the previous superintendent, henry ""hank"" bangser, who had a reported final-year salary of $345,600."	"a particularly notable situation concerned the last few years of the previous superintendent, henry ""hank"" bangser, who had a reported final-year salary of $345,600."
barnes also used a simple test for iodine deficiency.	barnes also used a simple test that he believed could detect iodine deficiency.
steven peter beale is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by edward farrell from 1989 to 1990, stuart stevens from 1992 to 1996, edward savage from 1997 to 2002, and aaron sidwell from 2007 to 2008. it was announced on 22 february 2008 that the character would be written out at the end of sidwell's contract, and he made his last on-screen appearance on 9 may 2008.	steven peter beale is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by edward farrell from 1989 to 1990, stuart stevens from 1992 to 1996, edward savage from 1997 to 2002, and aaron sidwell from 2007 to 2008. it was announced on 22 february 2008 that the character would be written out at the end of sidwell's contract, and he made his last on-screen appearance on 9 may 2008.
american movies and tv shows such as felicity, how to deal, and vanilla sky have featured her music and provided her with long-deserved exposure to an american mainstream audience.	american movies and tv shows such as felicity, how to deal, and vanilla sky have featured her music and provided her with exposure to an american mainstream audience.
"the progressive/ liberal news website, alternet released a critical article claiming that the film ""toned down"" ties to 9/11."	"the liberal news website, alternet released a critical article claiming that the film ""toned down"" ties to 9/11."
altoids are a popular brand of breath mints that have existed since the turn of the 19th century.	altoids are a brand of breath mints that have existed since the turn of the 19th century.
fox incorrectly states in the ad that talent wants to criminalize embryonic stem cell research.	fox states in the ad that talent wants to criminalize embryonic stem cell research.
"andrew walter ""andy"" reid (born march 19, 1958) is a terrible professional american football coach who is currently the head coach of the kansas city chiefs of the national football league (nfl)."	"andrew walter ""andy"" reid (born march 19, 1958) is a professional american football coach who is currently the head coach of the kansas city chiefs of the national football league (nfl)."
zombo.com is a humorous website created on october 10, 1999. the site consists solely of a single adobe flash animation of the website's title and seven circles of alternating colours.	zombo.com is a humorous website created on october 10, 1999. the site consists solely of a single flash animation of the website's title and seven circles of alternating colours.
it is a planned city, mainly developed by the powerful irvine company since the 1960s.	it is a planned city, mainly developed by the irvine company since the 1960s.
other funding went into endocrinology departments in american universities, human heredity, mammalian biology, human physiology and anatomy, psychology, and the pioneering studies of human sexual behavior by dr. alfred kinsey.	other funding went into endocrinology departments in american universities, human heredity, mammalian biology, human physiology and anatomy, psychology, and the studies of human sexual behavior by dr. alfred kinsey.
(note that the opening melody of the third piano concerto is not derived from chants, which is a misconception many musicians have in mind; rachmaninoff, when asked, humorously said that it had written itself.)	(note that the opening melody of the third piano concerto is not derived from chants, which is a misconception many musicians have in mind; rachmaninoff, when asked, said that it had written itself.)
farrow claims that on august 4, 1992, dylan farrow, then aged seven, told farrow that she had been sexually abused by allen in their connecticut home earlier that day.	farrow said that on august 4, 1992, dylan farrow, then aged seven, told farrow that she had been sexually abused by allen in their connecticut home earlier that day.
it uses a widget style format, allowing users to create professional pages with only a few clicks.	it uses a widget style format, allowing users to create pages with only a few clicks.
barry foster (21 august 1927 11 february 2002) was a british actor who appeared in numerous film roles and is best known for his leading role as a dutch detective in the itv drama series, van der valk, which spanned five series over 20 years from 1972.	barry foster (21 august 1927 11 february 2002) was a british actor who appeared in numerous film roles and is known for his leading role as a dutch detective in the itv drama series, van der valk, which spanned five series over 20 years from 1972.
at the sony ericsson open in key biscayne, florida, ivanovi was upset by yaroslava shvedova in the second round.	at the sony ericsson open in key biscayne, florida, ivanovi was defeated by yaroslava shvedova in the second round.
george lawrence stone (1886–1967) was an influential american drummer and author.	george lawrence stone (1886–1967) was an american drummer and author.
"ge was the focus of a 1991 short subject academy award-winning documentary, deadly deception: general electric, nuclear weapons, and our environment, that juxtaposed ge's rosy ""we bring good things to life"" commercials with the true stories of workers and neighbors whose lives have been affected by the company's activities involving nuclear weapons."	"ge was the focus of a 1991 short subject academy award-winning documentary, deadly deception: general electric, nuclear weapons, and our environment, that juxtaposed ge's ""we bring good things to life"" commercials with the true stories of workers and neighbors whose lives have been affected by the company's activities involving nuclear weapons."
"in 1803, william robert stewart returned on board a ship named ""the emperor of japan"" (the stolen and renamed ""eliza of new york""), entered nagasaki harbour and tried in vain to trade through the dutch enclave of dejima."	"in 1803, william robert stewart returned on board a ship named ""the emperor of japan"" (the captured and renamed ""eliza of new york""), entered nagasaki harbour and tried in vain to trade through the dutch enclave of dejima."
"timothy ""tim"" l. nolan (born 5 february 1947) is an american politician for the republican party, a former judge, a former leader in the far-right tea party movement and a former chairman of donald trump's presidential campaign in kentucky."	"timothy ""tim"" l. nolan (born 5 february 1947) is an american politician for the republican party, a former judge, a former leader in the tea party movement and a former chairman of donald trump's presidential campaign in kentucky."
the tiananmen square protests of 1989, culminating in the deaths of hundreds of civilian protestors referred to in most of the western world as the tiananmen square massacre and in the people's republic of china (prc) as the june fourth incident ( ostensibly to avoid confusion with two prior tiananmen square protests), were a series of demonstrations in and near tiananmen square in beijing in the prc beginning on 14 april.	the tiananmen square protests of 1989, culminating in the deaths of hundreds of civilian protestors referred to in most of the western world as the tiananmen square massacre and in the people's republic of china (prc) as the june fourth incident ( officially to avoid confusion with two prior tiananmen square protests), were a series of demonstrations in and near tiananmen square in beijing in the prc beginning on 14 april.
"unsympathetic critics of his work have labeled it ""slapdash"", ""grossly sentimental"", and ""immoral""."	"critics of his work have labeled it ""slapdash"", ""grossly sentimental"", and ""immoral""."
in 450, attila proclaimed his intent to attack the powerful visigoth kingdom of toulouse by making an alliance with emperor valentinian iii.	in 450, attila proclaimed his intent to attack the visigoth kingdom of toulouse by making an alliance with emperor valentinian iii.
conflict with the anti-defamation league (adl)	disagreement with the anti-defamation league (adl)
orson scott card (born august 24, 1951) is an american author, critic, public speaker and conservative political activist.	orson scott card (born august 24, 1951) is an american author, critic, public speaker and political activist.
in 2002, georgian newspaper svobodnaya gruziya has reported multiple mothman sightings in moscow prior to the 1999 russian apartment bombings.	in 2002, georgian newspaper svobodnaya gruziya has published an article, according to which there were multiple mothman sightings in moscow prior to the 1999 russian apartment bombings.
ruth sando fahnbulleh perry (born 1939) was leader of liberia from 3 september 1996 until 2 august 1997 as chairwoman of the council of state, which governed liberia following the overthrow and murder of former dictator samuel k. doe, and the end of the presidency of amos sawyer.	ruth sando fahnbulleh perry (born 1939) was leader of liberia from 3 september 1996 until 2 august 1997 as chairwoman of the council of state, which governed liberia following the overthrow and murder of former head of state samuel k. doe, and the end of the presidency of amos sawyer.
another popular code of football in australia is rugby league, which is governed in australia by the australian rugby league.	another code of football in australia is rugby league, which is governed in australia by the australian rugby league.
in addition, changes were made for cosmetic, comfort and legal reasons: a full-width, chrome-surrounded windscreen was added; sidescreens were added to both driver and passenger doors; a rudimentary, folding, fabric roof was added for weather protection; chromed bumpers were added front and rear (a styling cue later aped on the e-type); xk140 rear light clusters mounted higher on the wings; and thin chrome strips added to the edge of the front light fairings.	in addition, changes were made for cosmetic, comfort and legal reasons: a full-width, chrome-surrounded windscreen was added; sidescreens were added to both driver and passenger doors; a rudimentary, folding, fabric roof was added for weather protection; chromed bumpers were added front and rear (a styling cue later used on the e-type); xk140 rear light clusters mounted higher on the wings; and thin chrome strips added to the edge of the front light fairings.
while westrobothnian was made a taboo subject in many ways by the swedish educational system, and it thus lack the historical documentation that the most northern westrobothnian dialect, the kalix language can boast with.	while westrobothnian was made a taboo subject in many ways by the swedish educational system, and it thus lack the historical documentation that the most northern westrobothnian dialect, the kalix dialect can boast with.
early reports indicate that pro-democracy opposition leader viktor yushchenko is leading.	early reports indicate that opposition leader viktor yushchenko is leading.
atw created and sponsors the prestigious tony awards in theatrical arts.	atw created and sponsors the tony awards in theatrical arts.
arden myrin (born 1973), comedienne and actress (madtv, chelsea lately); born in little compton	arden myrin (born 1973), comedian and actress (madtv, chelsea lately); born in little compton
during the troubles, at least 58 police officers and 124 soldiers were murdered by the provisional ira in south armagh, many in crossmaglen itself.	during the troubles, at least 58 police officers and 124 soldiers were killed by the provisional ira in south armagh, many in crossmaglen itself.
in 1994 canterbury were struggling on and off the pitch and after another tough season they dropped down to the kent league but after a few steady seasons the club again fell on hard times and after finishing bottom of the ladder for two consecutive seasons they withdrew in the summer of 2001 and sadly folded.	in 1994 canterbury were struggling on and off the pitch and after another tough season they dropped down to the kent league but after a few steady seasons the club again fell on hard times and after finishing bottom of the ladder for two consecutive seasons they withdrew in the summer of 2001 and folded.
wilson was enormously well-read, and when fitzgerald told him that fitzgerald hoped to become one of the great writers, wilson was shocked and thought he meant to be as good as homer and dante and shakespeare.	wilson was well-read, and when fitzgerald told him that fitzgerald hoped to become one of the great writers, wilson was shocked and thought he meant to be as good as homer and dante and shakespeare.
the monastery was established in the macedonian empire in 905 by st naum of ohrid himself.	the monastery was established in the bulgarian empire in 905 by st naum of ohrid himself.
the recipe includes sliced or chopped fruit peel, which is simmered in fruit juice and water until soft; indeed marmalade is sometimes described as jam with fruit peel (although perversely many manufacturers now also produce peel-free marmalade).	the recipe includes sliced or chopped fruit peel, which is simmered in fruit juice and water until soft; indeed marmalade is sometimes described as jam with fruit peel (although many manufacturers now also produce peel-free marmalade).
at the 2010 consumer electronics show, boost announced it would begin to offer a new unlimited plan using sprint's cdma network, costing only $50 a month.	at the 2010 consumer electronics show, boost announced it would begin to offer a new unlimited plan using sprint's cdma network, costing $50 a month.
examples include video documenting scd workers facilitating an execution by al-qaeda and scd workers waving jabhat al-nusra flags and bearing arms.	examples include video claiming to show scd workers facilitating an execution by al-qaeda and scd workers waving jabhat al-nusra flags and bearing arms.
the quaint hotel bel-air is home to many celebrity weddings.	the hotel bel-air is home to many celebrity weddings.
in 2005-2006 the teachers went on strike to have more budget for the school and less students (average of 30 students per class) because it was becoming impossible to teach the students .	in 2005-2006 the teachers went on strike to have more budget for the school and less students (average of 30 students per class) because it was becoming difficult to teach the students.
fox hunting refers to the recreational sport of hunting in which trained dogs pursue red foxes, followed by human hunters who are usually on horses but sometimes on foot.	fox hunting refers to the recreational bloodsport of hunting in which trained dogs pursue red foxes, followed by human hunters who are usually on horses but sometimes on foot.
however croatia was to be eliminated from the tournament as semih sentrk equalised with a fantastic goal just two minutes later and turkey won the subsequent penalty shoot-out.	however croatia was to be eliminated from the tournament as semih sentrk equalised with a goal just two minutes later and turkey won the subsequent penalty shoot-out.
peter miguel camejo (december 31, 1939 september 13, 2008) was an american author, activist and communist politician.	peter miguel camejo (december 31, 1939 september 13, 2008) was an american author, activist and politician.
robinson had spoken out against being stereotyped by hollywood and in 1943 he went back there to star opposite lena horne and cab calloway in the quality film musical, stormy weather.	robinson had spoken out against being stereotyped by hollywood and in 1943 he went back there to star opposite lena horne and cab calloway in the film musical, stormy weather.
the programme was nominated for two prestigious bafta awards and an rts award in 2007. the executive producer is dominic bird.	the programme was nominated for two bafta awards and an rts award in 2007. the executive producer is dominic bird.
his work became celebrated and well appreciated a few decades after his passing .	his work became celebrated and well appreciated a few decades after his death .
it was common amongst prisoners of soviet labor camps, the infamous gulag.	it was common amongst prisoners of soviet labor camps, the gulag.
to put it another way, capitalist (and right-libertarian) principles lead to the concentration of economic freedom in the hands of those who end up owning the most capital.	to put it another way, capitalist (and right-libertarian) principles lead to the concentration of economic power in the hands of those who end up owning the most capital.
it alternates forest trails with dirt roads and offers walkers breathtaking views of the pyrenees, the foothills, and the plains.	it alternates forest trails with dirt roads and offers walkers panoramic views of the pyrenees, the foothills, and the plains.
on the east side of the jemez mountains, it descends even more steeply, on a series of hairpin turns offering spectacular views into frijoles canyon in bandelier national monument, to a junction with nm 501 (nm 502 in some references, but nm 501 is correct) leading east into the town of los alamos.	on the east side of the jemez mountains, it descends even more steeply, on a series of hairpin turns offering views into frijoles canyon in bandelier national monument, to a junction with nm 501 (nm 502 in some references, but nm 501 is correct) leading east into the town of los alamos.
the rebellion's ringleaderswith the exception of paul revere and joseph warrenhad all left boston by april 8. they had received word of dartmouth's secret instructions to general gage from sources in london well before they reached gage himself.	the rebellion's leaderswith the exception of paul revere and joseph warrenhad all left boston by april 8. they had received word of dartmouth's secret instructions to general gage from sources in london well before they reached gage himself.
william t. ogden house the william t. ogden house is a beautiful neo-classical style house that is declared as a provincial historic site of alberta located in stirling.	william t. ogden house the william t. ogden house is a neo-classical style house that is declared as a provincial historic site of alberta located in stirling.
some hindutva groups claim that the ten avatars represent the evolution of life and of mankind on earth.	some groups claim that the ten avatars represent the evolution of life and of mankind on earth.
holder of a postgraduate degree in physics from prestigious waseda university, hirose became an important member of the group's chemical brigade in their ministry of science and technology.	holder of a postgraduate degree in physics from waseda university, hirose became an important member of the group's chemical brigade in their ministry of science and technology.
the contract was managed by well-respected wellington engineering firm cory-wright and salmon.	the contract was managed by wellington engineering firm cory-wright and salmon.
"iconic "" bent "" trumpet"	 bent  trumpet
criffel a hill on the solway coast popular with hill walkers for its magnificent views of the southern scottish coastline and across the solway firth to the lake district of cumbria	criffel a hill on the solway coast popular with hill walkers for its views of the southern scottish coastline and across the solway firth to the lake district of cumbria
spanos has been considering moving the san diego chargers franchise away from san diego because he wants the team to have a new state-of-the-art stadium, and has faced difficulties in obtaining one in san diego.	spanos has been considering moving the san diego chargers franchise away from san diego because he wants the team to have a new stadium, and has faced difficulties in obtaining one in san diego.
mcculloch started his rangers career with a goal on his debut in a 20 victory over fk zeta on 31 july 2007. on 2 october 2007 in the 2007-08 uefa champions league, he scored the first goal, a header from a corner by damarcus beasley in rangers' monumental 30 victory at the stade de gerland against olympique lyonnais.	mcculloch started his rangers career with a goal on his debut in a 20 victory over fk zeta on 31 july 2007. on 2 october 2007 in the 2007-08 uefa champions league, he scored the first goal, a header from a corner by damarcus beasley in rangers' 30 victory at the stade de gerland against olympique lyonnais.
the game system makes it easy to use real weapons in the game as long as basic stats are known about the weapon, so an issue of guns and ammo magazine or jane's defense weekly can be used as a tri tac game supplement.	the game system makes it possible to use real weapons in the game as long as basic stats are known about the weapon, so an issue of guns and ammo magazine or jane's defense weekly can be used as a tri tac game supplement.
"the following year, she made her big break by landing the role of lucy ewing, the sly, vixenish, frequently frustrated granddaughter of john ""jock"" ewing sr. and the former eleanor ""ellie"" southworth on the popular television series dallas, alongside legendary television actors jim davis, barbara bel geddes and larry hagman, from 1978 to 1985 and from 1988 to 1990. she also appeared on one episode of the series spin-off series, knots landing, in 1980. after dallas fame, she received $50,000 salary per episode, appeared on 500 magazine covers and drew 65 million viewers for her 1981 tv wedding."	"the following year, she made her big break by landing the role of lucy ewing, the sly, vixenish, frequently frustrated granddaughter of john ""jock"" ewing sr. and the former eleanor ""ellie"" southworth on the television series dallas, alongside legendary television actors jim davis, barbara bel geddes and larry hagman, from 1978 to 1985 and from 1988 to 1990. she also appeared on one episode of the series spin-off series, knots landing, in 1980. after dallas fame, she received $50,000 salary per episode, appeared on 500 magazine covers and drew 65 million viewers for her 1981 tv wedding."
van coile is especially remembered by the cercle brugge fans because he tragically is the only player who died because of injuries sustained in a cercle brugge match.	van coile is especially remembered by the cercle brugge fans because he is the only player who died because of injuries sustained in a cercle brugge match.
"his performances inspired generations of professional wrestlers, such as butch reed during his ""natural"" phase, and the legendary ""nature boy"" ric flair, who used rogers' nickname, as well as his look, attitude and finishing hold, the figure-four leglock."	"his performances inspired generations of professional wrestlers, such as butch reed during his ""natural"" phase, and the ""nature boy"" ric flair, who used rogers' nickname, as well as his look, attitude and finishing hold, the figure-four leglock."
the pc version has already received criticism for its ludicrously high system requirements, which includes:	the pc version has already received criticism for its high system requirements, which includes:
unbelievably on may 9, 2008, it was announced that rodrguez was transferred to the dutch club psv eindhoven for 4 years.	on may 9, 2008, it was announced that rodrguez was transferred to the dutch club psv eindhoven for 4 years.
"{ lat = ""35.931"", long = ""36.634"", mark = "" location_dot_lime .svg"", marksize = ""14"", link = ""cities and towns during the syrian civil war#idlib"", label = ""idlib"", label_size = ""120"", position = ""left"" },"	"{ lat = ""35.931"", long = ""36.634"", mark = "" map-ctl2-lime+grey .svg"", marksize = ""14"", link = ""cities and towns during the syrian civil war#idlib"", label = ""idlib"", label_size = ""120"", position = ""left"" },"
rauscher has an interest in psychic healing and faith healing and other paranormal phenomena .	rauscher has an interest in psychic healing and faith healing and other paranormal claims .
geology.about.com's page on tombolos (useful only for its picture)	geology.about.com's page on tombolos (useful for its picture)
exceptions, in which the meat is sliced parallel to the fibers, include the skirt steak that is cut from the plate, the flank steak that is cut from the abdominal muscles, and the famous silverfinger steak that is cut from the loin and includes three rib bones.	exceptions, in which the meat is sliced parallel to the fibers, include the skirt steak that is cut from the plate, the flank steak that is cut from the abdominal muscles, and the silverfinger steak that is cut from the loin and includes three rib bones.
on 27 sept 2012, a new show, elementary, successfully aired on cbs.	on 27 sept 2012, a new show, elementary, aired on cbs.
the london borough was formed in 1965 from the former area of the metropolitan borough of lambeth and the part of the former area of the metropolitan borough of wandsworth containing streatham and clapham.	the london borough was formed in 1965 from the former area of the metropolitan borough of lambeth and part of the former area of the metropolitan borough of wandsworth containing streatham and clapham.
for his crimes , turner was convicted, sentenced to death, and executed.	for his actions , turner was convicted, sentenced to death, and executed.
reich's research team at harvard university has produced controversial evidence that, over a span of at least four million years, various parts of the human genome diverged gradually from those of chimpanzees.	reich's research team at harvard university has produced evidence that, over a span of at least four million years, various parts of the human genome diverged gradually from those of chimpanzees.
the plight of many poles during and before ww2 was also part of the exhibition.	the plight of many poles during and before ww2 was and integral part of the exhibition.
douglas and his third wife reiko, a japanese-born singer and comedienne , were regular guests on shows hosted by merv griffin, dick cavett and johnny carson.	douglas and his third wife reiko, a japanese-born singer and comedian , were regular guests on shows hosted by merv griffin, dick cavett and johnny carson.
the invasion also recovered a letter from dellums' chief of staff carlottia scott to the grenadian dictator maurice bishop, describing dellums' feelings towards bishop and, presumably, cuban dictator fidel castro.	the invasion also recovered a letter from dellums' chief of staff carlottia scott to the grenadian dictator maurice bishop, describing dellums' feelings towards bishop and, presumably, cuban president fidel castro.
defenders of the title dominion — including monarchists who see signs of creeping republicanism in canada — take comfort in the fact that the canadian constitution act, 1982 does not mention and therefore does not remove the title, and contend that a constitutional amendment would be required to change it.	defenders of the title dominion — including monarchists who see signs of creeping republicanism in canada — take comfort in the fact that the canadian constitution act, 1982 does not mention and therefore does not remove the title, and that a constitutional amendment would be required to change it.
during the nazi era in germany, the bizarre welteislehre theory, which claimed the moon was made of solid ice, was promoted by nazi leaders.	during the nazi era in germany, the welteislehre theory, which claimed the moon was made of solid ice, was promoted by nazi leaders.
he was one of the original signatories to the letter establishing the group for the scientific reappraisal of the hiv-aids hypothesis, the editor of its first newsletter, and was a member of the controversial south african presidential aids advisory panel convened by thabo mbeki in 2000.	he was one of the original signatories to the letter establishing the group for the scientific reappraisal of the hiv-aids hypothesis, the editor of its first newsletter, and was a member of the south african presidential aids advisory panel convened by thabo mbeki in 2000.
gopalanand swami (devnagari: ) (vikram samvat 1779-1850) was a saint of the swaminarayan sampraday and one of bhagwan swaminarayan's paramhansas.	gopalanand swami (devnagari: ) (vikram samvat 1779-1850) was a saint of the swaminarayan sampraday and one of swaminarayan's paramhansas.
monuments (for upa combatants and its victims )	monuments (for upa combatants and its enemies )
ingraham is opposed to abortion rights , and often talks about human cloning, embryonic stem-cell research and abortion, taking a pro-life stance against all three.	ingraham is opposed to abortion on demand , and often talks about human cloning, embryonic stem-cell research and abortion, taking a pro-life stance against all three.
although some health professionals acknowledge that an infectious cause could one day be found.	although some health professionals say that an infectious cause could one day be found.
the last airbender received overwhelmingly negative reviews from critics.	the last airbender received mostly negative reviews from critics.
unfortunately , the show just didn't last long and was ultimately cancelled.	however , the show just didn't last long and was ultimately cancelled.
rice's gun was later found to be an airsoft replica, though lacking the necessary orange safety feature signifying that the gun is not real.	rice's gun was later found to be an airsoft replica, though lacking the orange safety feature signifying that the gun is not real.
vancouver has one of the most diverse chinese-speaking communities as reflected in the diversity of authentic chinese cuisine (from several regions of china, hong kong, taiwan, hainan, malaysia/singapore, etc.)	vancouver has one of the most diverse chinese-speaking communities as reflected in the diversity of chinese cuisine (from several regions of china, hong kong, taiwan, hainan, malaysia/singapore, etc.)
the order, also known as the brder schweigen (german for brothers keep silent) or silent brotherhood, was a white supremacist revolutionary terrorist organization active in the united states between september 1983 and december 1984. the order received widespread attention from media and law enforcement for its role in the 1984 murder of radio talk show host alan berg.	the order, also known as the brder schweigen (german for brothers keep silent) or silent brotherhood, was a white supremacist revolutionary organization active in the united states between september 1983 and december 1984. the order received widespread attention from media and law enforcement for its role in the 1984 murder of radio talk show host alan berg.
a gunman randomly kills five people in the trolley square shopping center in salt lake city, utah before being shot by police.	a gunman kills five people in the trolley square shopping center in salt lake city, utah before being shot by police.
nicolae ceauescu (; 26 january 1918   25 december 1989) was a romanian communist dictator .	nicolae ceauescu (; 26 january 1918   25 december 1989) was a romanian communist leader .
oliver cromwell (25 april 1599 – 3 september 1658) was an english military and political usurper best known for his involvement in making england into a republican commonwealth and for his later role as lord protector of england, scotland and ireland.	oliver cromwell (25 april 1599 – 3 september 1658) was an english military and political leader best known for his involvement in making england into a republican commonwealth and for his later role as lord protector of england, scotland and ireland.
king proposed this amendment because he feared (correctly, as the case of loving v. virginia later demonstrated) that the fourteenth amendment, ratified in 1868 to give equal civil rights to the emancipated ex-slaves (the freedmen) as part of the process of reconstruction, would render laws against interracial marriage unconstitutional.	king proposed this amendment because he predicted (correctly, as the case of loving v. virginia later demonstrated) that the fourteenth amendment, ratified in 1868 to give equal civil rights to the emancipated ex-slaves (the freedmen) as part of the process of reconstruction, would render laws against interracial marriage unconstitutional.
an alternative perspective is that it was part of a larger political strategy launched by mrs thatcher in the uk and mrreagan in the usa to defeat the unionised working class, privatise industry, asset-strip and eventually deindustrialise large sectors of britain and the usa.	an alternative perspective is that it was part of an alleged larger political strategy launched by mrs thatcher in the uk and mrreagan in the usa to defeat the unionised working class, privatise industry, asset-strip and eventually deindustrialise large sectors of britain and the usa.
"unlike some other party members, hitler was not interested in the ""socialist"" aspect of ""national socialism""."	"unlike some other party members, hitler was less interested in the ""socialist"" aspect of ""national socialism""."
potts married and fathered a child after his discharge, but divorced in 2003. after the divorce, potts began living as a woman full-time, and while she has been taking unproven herbal supplements to alter her body's hormones to be more female, she has not undergone conventional hormone therapy nor has she had surgery to alter her anatomy.	potts married and fathered a child after his discharge, but divorced in 2003. after the divorce, potts began living as a woman full-time, and while she has been taking herbal supplements to alter her body's hormones to be more female, she has not undergone conventional hormone therapy nor has she had surgery to alter her anatomy.
unfortuantely , roy could not convince the board to build epcot.	however , roy could not convince the board to build epcot.
socialized medicine or state medicine is a pejorative term for publicly-funded health care .	socialized medicine or state medicine is a term for publicly-funded health care .
there is an observation platform that is popular with tourists as it provides spectacular views of nagasaki's .	there is an observation platform that is popular with tourists as it provides extensive views of nagasaki's .
another criticism is that open source vendors are not considered sufficiently by analysts like gartner, as has been published in an unusual online discussion between a vp from talend and a german research vp from gartner.	another criticism is that open source vendors are not considered sufficiently by analysts like gartner, as has been published in an online discussion between a vp from talend and a german research vp from gartner.
due to the mildly violent nature of the game, the esrb rating was, for a time, in question.	due to the violent nature of the game, the esrb rating was, for a time, in question.
everybody wants to rule the world is a hit song by the english band tears for fears.	everybody wants to rule the world is a song by the english band tears for fears.
unlike most states, indiana held a single-class tournament where all schools competed for the same championship in one of america's largest and most popular high school tournaments until the controversial separation into enrollment classes in 1997. indiana still possessed a large rural population well into the 1950s and rural school consolidation was still in its infancy.	unlike most states, indiana held a single-class tournament where all schools competed for the same championship in one of america's largest and most popular high school tournaments until the separation into enrollment classes in 1997. indiana still possessed a large rural population well into the 1950s and rural school consolidation was still in its infancy.
the people's mujahedin of iran (pmoi) (persian: ) is an organization that advocates overthrowing the government in the islamic republic of iran and replacing it with its own leadership .	the people's mujahedin of iran (pmoi) (persian: ) is a militant organization that advocates overthrowing the government in the islamic republic of iran and replacing it with its own leadership .
throughout the 1920s and into the 1930s japanese nationalists exerted more and more influence over government policy, and promoted japan's divine right to unify asia.	throughout the 1920s and into the 1930s japanese nationalists exerted more and more influence over government policy, and promoted japan's right to unify asia .
"neturei karta (aramaic: ; ""guardians of the city"") is a heretical group of haredi (ultra-orthodox) jews who reject all forms of zionism and actively oppose the existence of the state of israel."	"neturei karta (aramaic: ; ""guardians of the city"") is a group of haredi (ultra-orthodox) jews who reject all forms of zionism and actively oppose the existence of the state of israel."
the controversial society of st. pius x (sspx) and other traditionalist catholic bodies in dispute with the holy see, such as sedevacantists, use it without seeking authorization.	the society of st. pius x (sspx) and other traditionalist catholic bodies in dispute with the holy see, such as sedevacantists, use it without seeking authorization.
after leaving giles county and entering montgomery county, spectacular views of the blacksburg countryside are visible on the south side of the mountain.	after leaving giles county and entering montgomery county, views of the blacksburg countryside are visible on the south side of the mountain.
however, naik's calims have been successfully refuted.	however, naik's calims have been repeatedly refuted.
wedged between bangladesh to the south and west and hostile china to the north, the region has no access to the sea closer than kolkata, on the other side of the corridor.	wedged between bangladesh to the south and west and china to the north, the region has no access to the sea closer than kolkata, on the other side of the corridor.
in 1745, after another jacobite rebellion , all items of highland dress were outlawed, including the new kilts.	in 1745, after another jacobite campaign , all items of highland dress were outlawed, including the new kilts.
trump won the general election on november 8, 2016, in a surprise victory against democratic opponent hillary clinton, and commenced his presidency on january 20, 2017. he became the oldest and wealthiest person ever to assume the presidency, the first without prior military or government service, and the fifth to have won election despite losing the popular vote.	trump won the general election on november 8, 2016, in a surprise victory against democratic opponent hillary clinton, and commenced his presidency on january 20, 2017. he became the oldest and wealthiest person ever to assume the presidency, the first without prior military or government service, and the fifth to have won election while losing the popular vote.
brentwood's representatives in the california state assembly (karen bass, michael feuer and fran pavley) and u.s. house of representatives (henry waxman) are renowned for their socially liberal views.	brentwood's representatives in the california state assembly (karen bass, michael feuer and fran pavley) and u.s. house of representatives (henry waxman) are noted for their socially liberal views.
marquez's inability to pay this sum has resulted in a judgment that has grown with interest over the years to 1.6 million.	marquez's failure to pay this sum has resulted in a judgment that has grown with interest over the years to 1.6 million.
other great features include the onboard digital ring-modulator, chorus effect and dual or layer modes available.	other features include the onboard digital ring-modulator, chorus effect and dual or layer modes available.
he received the knight's cross of the iron cross in 1941. late in january 1942, heinrici was given command of the 4th army, and was awarded the oak leaves to his knight's cross on 24 november 1943. later in 1943 he refused to obey an order to destroy the historic city of smolensk by fire before the german armys retreat, and he was temporarily dismissed from his post as commander.	he received the knight's cross of the iron cross in 1941. late in january 1942, heinrici was given command of the 4th army, and was awarded the oak leaves to his knight's cross on 24 november 1943. later in 1943 he refused to obey an order to destroy the city of smolensk by fire before the german armys retreat, and he was temporarily dismissed from his post as commander.
hillary diane rodham clinton (born october 26, 1947) is the junior united states senator from new york, and a current candidate for the democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.	hillary diane rodham clinton (born october 26, 1947) is the junior united states senator from new york, and a leading candidate for the democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.
"in the months leading up to election day, proposition 8 supporters released a now-infamous commercial featuring san francisco mayor gavin newsom stating in a speech regarding same-sex marriage: ""this door's wide open now."	"in the months leading up to election day, proposition 8 supporters released a commercial featuring san francisco mayor gavin newsom stating in a speech regarding same-sex marriage: ""this door's wide open now."
unfortunately , the short-ranged breguets were not able to cross the mediterranean.	however , the short-ranged breguets were not able to cross the mediterranean.
their only child, a daughter, was born in 1911. although laval's wife came from a political family, she never meddled in politics.	their only child, a daughter, was born in 1911. although laval's wife came from a political family, she never participated in politics.
one of the main thoroughfares and a large public park in bhowanipur, kolkata, are named after harish mukherjee.	one of the main thoroughfares and a public park in bhowanipur, kolkata, are named after harish mukherjee.
"in 1986 she appeared in ""life with lucy"", which sadly was a critical and popular flop."	"in 1986 she appeared in ""life with lucy"", which was a critical and popular flop."
sadly the car retired with engine failure with only just over an hour to go.	the car retired with engine failure with only just over an hour to go.
antonn leopold dvok (; september 8, 1841 may 1, 1904) was a czech composer of romantic music, who successfully employed the idioms and melodies of the folk-music of his native bohemia in symphonic and chamber music.	antonn leopold dvok (; september 8, 1841 may 1, 1904) was a czech composer of romantic music, who employed the idioms and melodies of the folk-music of his native bohemia in symphonic and chamber music.
"in an event known as the ""saturday night massacre"", ruckelshaus and his boss, elliot richardson, famously resigned their positions within the justice department rather than obey an order from president nixon to fire the watergate special prosecutor, archibald cox, who was investigating official misconduct on the part of the president and his aides."	"in an event known as the ""saturday night massacre"", ruckelshaus and his boss, elliot richardson, resigned their positions within the justice department rather than obey an order from president nixon to fire the watergate special prosecutor, archibald cox, who was investigating official misconduct on the part of the president and his aides."
in late october, 2008, coleman was listed as a beneficiary of ethically-suspect activity in a lawsuit filed in texas by paul mckim, ceo of deep marine technologies (dmt) against nasser kazeminy.	in late october, 2008, coleman was listed as a beneficiary of activity in a lawsuit filed in texas by paul mckim, ceo of deep marine technologies (dmt) against nasser kazeminy.
"the film's blockbuster budget also uses cgi special effects rather than the puppet and stop motion animation effects that defined the original series."""	"the film's budget also uses cgi special effects rather than the puppet and stop motion animation effects that defined the original series."""
things can only get better is a popular dance-pop song by d:ream.	things can only get better is a dance-pop song by d:ream.
in these early years the awards were organised on an ad-hoc basis by the organising committees of the national conventions, though with the support of the former national fan organisation, the national association for science fiction which nominally ran the awards from 1993. in the early 1990s the awards were briefly known as the edmund bayne awards, after a well-known wellington fan who had been tragically killed in a road accident, but this name was never formalised.	in these early years the awards were organised on an ad-hoc basis by the organising committees of the national conventions, though with the support of the former national fan organisation, the national association for science fiction which nominally ran the awards from 1993. in the early 1990s the awards were briefly known as the edmund bayne awards, after a well-known wellington fan who had been killed in a road accident, but this name was never formalised.
the film took a worldwide distributor share of in just 11 days.	the film took a worldwide distributor share of in 11 days.
cable news network (cnn) is an american democratic news-based pay television channel owned by turner broadcasting system, a division of at&t's warnermedia.	cable news network (cnn) is an american news-based pay television channel owned by turner broadcasting system, a division of at&t's warnermedia.
tommy cantillon - amazing lead vocals, guitar	tommy cantillon - lead vocals, guitar
desegregation busing, sometimes referred to as forced busing, is the practice of pursuing racial or economic integration in american public schools by transporting schoolchildren to schools outside their area of residence.	desegregation busing, popularly referred to as forced busing, is the practice of pursuing racial or economic integration in american public schools by transporting schoolchildren to schools outside their area of residence.
from 1995 to 2000, troma had a period of great creativity and produced some of their greatest work.	from 1995 to 2000, troma had a period of creativity and produced some of their greatest work.
back home in north shields, rod teamed up with local musicians to form a blues band (also called the downtown faction), whilst moonlighting as bassist with a show band backing strippers and comedians on the notorious tyneside club circuit.	back home in north shields, rod teamed up with local musicians to form a blues band (also called the downtown faction), whilst moonlighting as bassist with a show band backing strippers and comedians on the tyneside club circuit.
in his first appeal trial, guede claimed that, while in the bathroom, he had heard knox's voice arguing with kercher about some missing money in the bedroom.	in his first appeal trial, guede stated that, while in the bathroom, he had heard knox's voice arguing with kercher about some missing money in the bedroom.
"wikileaks founder and snowden abettor julian assangesubject of the 2011 book wikileaks: inside julian assange's war on secrecy, coauthored by luke harding with fellow journalist david leigh, that met with assange's condemnation harshly criticized both the snowden files and its author, calling the book ""a walloping fraud, written by frauds to be praised by frauds""."	"wikileaks founder and snowden backer julian assangesubject of the 2011 book wikileaks: inside julian assange's war on secrecy, coauthored by luke harding with fellow journalist david leigh, that met with assange's condemnation harshly criticized both the snowden files and its author, calling the book ""a walloping fraud, written by frauds to be praised by frauds""."
a famous case heard by judge dawson was the criminal prosecution of professional tax honesty , irwin schiff.	a famous case heard by judge dawson was the criminal prosecution of professional tax protester , irwin schiff.
just about any type of barbecued meat served in the country's other barbecue capitals, from carolina pulled pork to texas brisket, is served here .	just about any type of barbecued meat served in the country's other barbecue capitals, from carolina pulled pork to texas brisket, is served in kc .
trainspotters have frequently been subjected to stop and search; in august 2009 a rail enthusiast was harrassed for photographing a locomotive at a murco oil refinery in milford haven.	trainspotters have frequently been subjected to stop and search; in august 2009 a rail enthusiast was pursued by dyfed powys police for photographing a locomotive at a murco oil refinery in milford haven.
milan ecopass ( pollution charge)	milan ecopass ( traffic charge)
there are usually from two to six partners (as starbucks employees are called), all of them minimally trained baristas, in each retail store at any one time.	there are usually from two to six partners (as starbucks employees are called), all of them trained baristas, in each retail store at any one time.
however, most accounts of the shining paths decline point to more efficient intelligence strategies and increased anti-terrorism initiatives within the campesino population.	however, other accounts of the shining paths decline point to more efficient intelligence strategies and increased anti-terrorism initiatives within the campesino population.
in a similar study conducted by the chronicle of philanthropy in 2012, the six states in new england are exactly the six least charitable states in the country.	in a similar study conducted by the chronicle of philanthropy in 2012, the six states in new england are the six least charitable states in the country.
supple was loaned out to league one side oldham athletic on 18 march 2009, following ipswich town's capture of polish goalkeeper, bartosz biakowski until the end of the season.	supple was loaned out to league one side oldham athletic on 18 march 2009, following ipswich town's signing of polish goalkeeper, bartosz biakowski until the end of the season.
there he had a clandestine meeting with menachem begin, the head of the irgun terrorist organisation, who was wanted by the british and had a 500-pound bounty on his head.	there he had a clandestine meeting with menachem begin, the head of the irgun paramilitary organisation, who was wanted by the british and had a 500-pound bounty on his head.
7 august – 8 august: georgian offensive	7 august – 8 august: georgian involvement
while the first season of clannad received reviews ranging from positive to mixed, the second season clannad after story has received universal critical acclaim.	while the first season of clannad received reviews ranging from positive to mixed, the second season clannad after story has received wide critical acclaim.
the marjorie robinson library rooms provide a rich mix of individual and collaborative study spaces.	the marjorie robinson library rooms provide a mix of individual and collaborative study spaces.
the terrorist 's family members gathered in his house.	the attacker 's family members gathered in his house.
"the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (""lds church""; see also mormon) falsely believes that the authority of the original twelve apostles is a distinguishing characteristic of the true church established by jesus both in antiquity and modern times."	"the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (""lds church""; see also mormon) believes that the authority of the original twelve apostles is a distinguishing characteristic of the true church established by jesus both in antiquity and modern times."
this rule was effected by prabhakaran as a result of an immoral relationship that developed between two senior ltte cadres, which almost lead to a rift in the organisation.	this rule was effected by prabhakaran as a result of an relationship that developed between two senior ltte cadres, which almost lead to a rift in the organisation.
south americans are culturally enriched by the historic connection with europe, especially spain and portugal, and the impact of mass culture from the united states of america.	south americans are culturally influenced by the historic connection with europe, especially spain and portugal, and the impact of mass culture from the united states of america.
pro-life and euthanasia	abortion and euthanasia
the barely trained recruits panicked and were slaughtered , along with many of their officers, who attempted to restore order and stop the rout.	the barely trained recruits panicked and were killed , along with many of their officers, who attempted to restore order and stop the rout.
, but this is denied by official turkish sources.	, but this is disputed by official turkish sources.
foghat is an english rock band that had its greatest success in the mid- to late-1970s.	foghat is an english rock band that had its peak success in the mid- to late-1970s.
it has been used in many well-documented nonviolent resistance movements in india (gandhi's campaigns for independence from the british empire), in czechoslovakia's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist dictatorships , in south africa in the fight against apartheid, in the american civil rights movement, in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union, and recently in the 2004 orange revolution and 2005 rose revolution, among other various movements worldwide.	it has been used in many well-documented nonviolent resistance movements in india (gandhi's campaigns for independence from the british empire), in czechoslovakia's velvet revolution and in east germany to oust their communist governments , in south africa in the fight against apartheid, in the american civil rights movement, in the singing revolution to bring independence to the baltic countries from the soviet union, and recently in the 2004 orange revolution and 2005 rose revolution, among other various movements worldwide.
roland wolf replaced them on bass guitar and keyboards only a short time before tragically dying in a car accident in 1995.	roland wolf replaced them on bass guitar and keyboards only a short time before dying in a car accident in 1995.
the 2006 documentary film here is always somewhere else weakly followed up on ader's recognition in the contemporary art world.	the 2006 documentary film here is always somewhere else followed up on ader's recognition in the contemporary art world.
it was a combination of the water frame (created by thomas highs, initially falsely attributed to richard arkwright) and the spinning jenny (created by either john kay or by james hargreaves; sources differ).	it was a combination of the water frame (created by thomas highs, initially attributed to richard arkwright) and the spinning jenny (created by either john kay or by james hargreaves; sources differ).
in february 1945, schlabrendorff was brought before the infamous nazi people's court (volksgerichtshof).	in february 1945, schlabrendorff was brought before the nazi people's court (volksgerichtshof).
harris miller, businessman, immigration lobbyist, former congressional aide	harris miller, businessman, lobbyist, former congressional aide
a number of companies also use the aircraft as part of fractional ownership schemes .	a number of companies also use the aircraft as part of fractional ownership programs .
the beautiful campus of the former nanyang university at jurong was used to house nti.	the campus of the former nanyang university at jurong was used to house nti.
on october 4, 2006, malkin used hotair.com to respond to youtube users' flagging of her youtube conservative group (as containing offensive content) and the general removal of conservative videos on the youtube website.	on october 4, 2006, malkin used hotair.com to respond to youtube users' flagging of her youtube conservative group (as containing offensive content) and the claimed removal of conservative videos on the youtube website.
there has been some debate as to whether st helens versus wigan or bradford versus leeds is the biggest derby in english rugby league but there is only one true derby in the super league - hull v hull kingston rovers.	there has been some debate as to whether st helens versus wigan or bradford versus leeds is the biggest derby in english rugby league but there is only one same city derby in the super league - hull v hull kingston rovers.
as about the former accusation , the public agenda of the royal house available on prince radu's site shows that princess elena, margarita's successor to the headship of the house, is present in romania about twice a year.	as about the former allegation regarding the princesses , the public agenda of the royal house available on prince radu's site shows that princess elena, margarita's successor to the headship of the house, is present in romania about twice a year.
and remained in power 17 years without ever being elected.	and remained in power 17 years without being elected.
he went to clarkson secondary school before moving to erie, there he played pick up hockey with such great teachers as peter woo and tim spriel.	he went to clarkson secondary school before moving to erie, there he played pick up hockey with such teachers as peter woo and tim spriel.
during this period and soon afterward, a significant part of the abkhazian population (which confesses the mixture of islamic, christian and heathen beliefs) was either evicted or forced to move into adjacent turkey.	during this period and soon afterward, a significant part of the abkhazian population (which confesses the mixture of islamic, christian and pagan beliefs) was either evicted or forced to move into adjacent turkey.
two of isil 's top three online chat forums are guarded by cloudflare but u.s. law enforcement has not asked them to discontinue the service, and they have not chosen to do so themselves.	two of islamic state of iraq and the levant's top three online chat forums are guarded by cloudflare but u.s. law enforcement has not asked them to discontinue the service, and they have not chosen to do so themselves.
replenished housing stock might be an improvement in quality; it may improve density and reduce sprawl; it might have economic benefits and improve the global economic competitiveness of a city's centre.	replenished housing stock might be an improvement in quality; it may increase density and reduce sprawl; it might have economic benefits and improve the global economic competitiveness of a city's centre.
all of the tebow children were homeschooled by their mother, who worked to instill the familys deep christian beliefs along the way.	all of the tebow children were homeschooled by their mother, who worked to instill the familys irrational christian beliefs along the way.
in recent decades, however, the church has united with traditional christian churches in promoting humanitarian and moral causes.	in recent decades, however, the church has united with traditional christian churches in promoting humanitarian and conservative causes.
prior to the incident, newburn was best known as one of the three main characters in the youtube docu-reality series hollywood houseboys, which chronicled the lives of three queer black men , who each had aspirations to make it in the entertainment industry.	prior to the incident, newburn was best known as one of the three main characters in the youtube docu-reality series hollywood houseboys, which chronicled the lives of three queer black people , who each had aspirations to make it in the entertainment industry.
"recent scholarship (20002006) says that the term denotes neither a substance nor a color, but a technique of sewing blue faience beads onto leather, making ""beaded skins"" the meaning of 'oroth t'hash'm.100px small blue-green beads."	"recent scholarship (20002006) suggests that the term denotes neither a substance nor a color, but a technique of sewing blue faience beads onto leather, making ""beaded skins"" the meaning of 'oroth t'hash'm.100px small blue-green beads."
from the 1980s to mid 2000s, the company was a leader in climate change denial , opposing regulations to curtail global warming.	from the 1980s to mid 2000s, the company was a leader in climate change skepticism , opposing regulations to curtail global warming.
there is also a powerup that increases the damage and firing rate of the chaingun, making it even easier to defeat vast quantities of enemies.	there is also a powerup that increases the damage and firing rate of the chaingun, making it easier to defeat vast quantities of enemies.
most of the casualties resulting from the earthquake were in pakistan occupied kashmir where the official confirmed death toll is 74,698, putting it higher than the massive scale of destruction of the 1935 quetta earthquake.	most of the casualties resulting from the earthquake were in pakistan administered kashmir where the official confirmed death toll is 74,698, putting it higher than the massive scale of destruction of the 1935 quetta earthquake.
the 99 percent declaration is a political document including a list of suggested grievances on which its organizers have been trying unsuccessfully to get occupy movement protesters to vote.	the 99 percent declaration is a political document including a list of suggested grievances on which its organizers have been trying to get occupy movement protesters to vote.
mrevac is a small town in montenegro.	mrevac is a town in montenegro.
the amata spring country club is a prestigious private golf and country club near to bangkok, the capital of thailand.	the amata spring country club is a private golf and country club near to bangkok, the capital of thailand.
the show was hosted by popular tv presenter dominic bowden and the panel of judges consisted of frankie stevens, fiona mcdonald and paul ellis.	the show was hosted by tv presenter dominic bowden and the panel of judges consisted of frankie stevens, fiona mcdonald and paul ellis.
favorite sports include soccer, swimming, badminton, basketball and table tennis.	popular sports include soccer, swimming, badminton, basketball and table tennis.
ernst rhm was one of the most prominent of a number of early nazi party members who was a homosexual and his homosexuality was ultimately the pretext used for his removal during the purge of the sa.	ernst rhm was one of the most prominent of a number of early nazi party members who was an alledged homosexual and his homosexuality was ultimately the pretext used for his removal during the purge of the sa.
a strong canadian nationalist hurtig has been an activist for many pro-canadian political causes over the years.	a strong canadian nationalist hurtig has been an activist for many nationalist political causes over the years.
some media observers believe that, as a result of this legislation, a black market will inevitably emerge, and that controls over ingredients and quality will vanish.	some media observers believe that, as a result of this legislation, a black market will emerge, and that controls over ingredients and quality will vanish.
on 29 december 1988, jerry richardson, who was coach of the so-called mandela united football club (mufc), abducted 14-year-old james seipei (also known as stompie moeketsi) and three other youths from the home of a methodist minister, rev.	on 29 december 1988, jerry richardson, who was coach of the mandela united football club (mufc), abducted 14-year-old james seipei (also known as stompie moeketsi) and three other youths from the home of a methodist minister, rev.
the bandidos motorcycle club is a one-percenter motorcycle club with a worldwide membership linked to organized crime.	the bandidos motorcycle club is a one-percenter motorcycle gang with a worldwide membership linked to organized crime.
", spelled errekonkista}} (""reconquest"") is a period in the history of the iberian peninsula, spanning the approximately 770 years between the initial stage of the islamic conquest in the 710s and the fall of granada, the last islamic state on the peninsula, to expansive christian kingdoms in 1492. the reconquista ended immediately before the discovery of the new world, which ushered in the era of the portuguese and spanish colonial empires."	", spelled errekonkista}} (""reconquest"") is a period in the history of the iberian peninsula, spanning the approximately 770 years between the initial stage of the islamic conquest in the 710s and the fall of granada, the last islamic state on the peninsula, to christian kingdoms in 1492. the reconquista ended immediately before the discovery of the new world, which ushered in the era of the portuguese and spanish colonial empires."
a parade of shops was incorporated into the design each side of the imposing station entrance and the structure was designed from the beginning with the intention of enabling upward development, however this did not come until the 1960s when an ugly office building was added.	a parade of shops was incorporated into the design each side of the imposing station entrance and the structure was designed from the beginning with the intention of enabling upward development, however this did not come until the 1960s when an office building was added.
the bose corporation is a privately held american company based in framingham, massachusetts that specializes in high-end audio equipment and reinvests 100 percent of its profits in research and development.	the bose corporation is a privately held american company based in framingham, massachusetts that specializes in audio equipment and reinvests 100 percent of its profits in research and development.
he is a teacher, lecturer, activist, and best-selling author.	he is a teacher, lecturer, activist, and author.
in many other nations, the trend is towards much stricter gun control laws than in the united states.	in other nations, the trend is towards much stricter gun control laws than in the united states.
the first wrestler to score a point wins.	the first wrestler to score a takedown wins.
according to an article written by the associated press and published on july 3, 2004, smoltz made disparaging remarks about same-sex marriage, comparing it to bestiality.	according to an article written by the associated press and published on july 3, 2004, smoltz made remarks about same-sex marriage, comparing it to bestiality.
the black community was outraged when du was ultimately convicted of only voluntary manslaughter and on november 15, 1991, was sentenced to just 5 years probation, 400 hours of community service, and a $500 fine.	the black community was outraged when du was ultimately convicted of only voluntary manslaughter and on november 15, 1991, was sentenced to 5 years probation, 400 hours of community service, and a $500 fine.
with the elimination of the warner center station in june 2018, the original platforms are now used by local buses to provide easy connections to orange line passengers.	with the elimination of the warner center station in june 2018, the original platforms are now used by local buses to provide connections to orange line passengers.
his works explore uncomfortable aspects of human nature and incorporate considerable knowledge about the boston metropolitan area.	his works explore aspects of human nature and incorporate considerable knowledge about the boston metropolitan area.
the area was first settled by europeans under a land grant, not from the king of great britain, but from the st. francis indian chief, called king philip by his white neighbors, after the great king philip who had led many successful raids on new england settlements during the 1670s.	the area was first settled by europeans under a land grant, not from the king of great britain, but from the st. francis indian chief, called king philip by his white neighbors, after the king philip who had led many successful raids on new england settlements during the 1670s.
in 1959 he sadly died prematurely from a heart attack at the age of 45.	in 1959 he died prematurely from a heart attack at the age of 45.
nevertheless, the renunciation was seen in london as an acceptable basis on which to sue for peace.	nevertheless, the renunciation was seen in london as an acceptable basis on which to press for peace.
this phenomenon directly lead to the principal difference between hanyu pinyin and wide-giles .	this phenomenon directly lead to the principal difference between hanyu pinyin and wadegiles .
lee went to salt lake and reported to young the story of the fanchers' having poisoned a beef and spring which killed indians and mormons, for which the indians had massacred the train, which story young passed on to the commissioner of indian affairs.	lee went to salt lake and told to young the story of the fanchers' having poisoned a beef and spring which killed indians and mormons, for which the indians had massacred the train, which story young passed on to the commissioner of indian affairs.
pope pius xii's 1942 christmas address was a speech delivered by pope pius xii over vatican radio on christmas 1942. it is notable for its supposed denunciation of the extermination of people on the basis of race, and came soon after the commencement of the nazi final solution program to exterminate the jews of europe.	pope pius xii's 1942 christmas address was a speech delivered by pope pius xii over vatican radio on christmas 1942. it is notable for its denunciation of the extermination of people on the basis of race, and came soon after the commencement of the nazi final solution program to exterminate the jews of europe.
merkel grew up in the countryside only 80 km (50 miles) north of berlin, in the communist german democratic republic.	merkel grew up in the countryside 80 km (50 miles) north of berlin, in the communist german democratic republic.
"he now holds the important spokesperson-roles of ""auckland issues"" and ""defence""."	"he now holds the spokesperson-roles of ""auckland issues"" and ""defence""."
thus most of the twelvers have negative view towards them and recognize them as heretics.	thus most of the twelvers have negative view towards them and regard them as heretics.
"the definition of freedom in gastil (1982) and freedom house (1990) emphasized liberties rather than not the exercise of freedom, according to adam przeworski, who gave the following example: in the united states, citizens are free to form political parties and to vote, yet even in presidential elections only half of u.s. ""citizens"" vote; in the u.s., ""the same two parties speak in a commercially sponsored unison"", wrote ."	"the definition of freedom in gastil (1982) and freedom house (1990) emphasized liberties rather than the exercise of freedom, according to adam przeworski, who gave the following example: in the united states, citizens are free to form political parties and to vote, yet even in presidential elections only half of u.s. ""citizens"" vote; in the u.s., ""the same two parties speak in a commercially sponsored unison"", wrote ."
widespread dissatisfaction with the oppressive regime of the reinstalled shah led to the 1979 islamic revolution in iran and the occupation of the u.s. embassy.	widespread dissatisfaction with the regime of the reinstalled shah led to the 1979 islamic revolution in iran and the occupation of the u.s. embassy.
the site attracted considerable critical comment in the press and on twitter due to blatant misogyny and promotion of rape in some of the articles on the website.	the site attracted considerable critical comment in the press and on twitter due to perceived misogyny and promotion of rape in some of the articles on the website.
the police reunion tour is a 2007 concert tour by long-estranged reggae-rock greats the police, marking the 30th anniversary of their beginnings.	the police reunion tour is a 2007 concert tour by long-estranged reggae-rock band the police, marking the 30th anniversary of their beginnings.
network neutrality has become a contested area of law in the united states as a result of troubling statements by ed whitacre, ceo of at&t, about free-riders: now what they would like to do is use my pipes free, but i ain't going to let them do that because we have spent this capital and we have to have a return on it.	network neutrality has become a contested area of law in the united states as a result of statements by ed whitacre, ceo of at&t, about free-riders: now what they would like to do is use my pipes free, but i ain't going to let them do that because we have spent this capital and we have to have a return on it.
hafiz muhammad saeed (urdu: ) is the amir of jama'at-ud-da'wah, a nominal charity organization that is widely considered to be a cover organization for militant group lashkar-e-taiba (let).	hafiz muhammad saeed (urdu: ) is the amir of jama'at-ud-da'wah, a charity organization that is widely considered to be a cover organization for militant group lashkar-e-taiba (let).
nicholson was a right-hand batsman and competent wicket-keeper who was a mainstay of the often-weak griqualand west cricket team for 20 years from 1927, sometimes acting as captain and often opening the batting.	nicholson was a right-hand batsman and wicket-keeper who was a mainstay of the often-weak griqualand west cricket team for 20 years from 1927, sometimes acting as captain and often opening the batting.
the victim's family will feel that justice has been done if criminal is not allowed to live.	the victim's family may feel that justice has been done if criminal is not allowed to live.
in conservative christian eschatology, the rapture is the name given to an event in which jesus christ descends from heaven, accompanied by the spirits of all the saints of god, both from the pre-incarnation period and after, who have passed on prior to this event, and then the bodily remains of these saints are transported from the earth to meet the lord and be rejoined with their corresponding spirits in the air.	in christian eschatology, the rapture is the name given to an event in which jesus christ descends from heaven, accompanied by the spirits of all the saints of god, both from the pre-incarnation period and after, who have passed on prior to this event, and then the bodily remains of these saints are transported from the earth to meet the lord and be rejoined with their corresponding spirits in the air.
the two were planning a follow-up when costa suddenly died of a heart attack in new york.	the two were planning a follow-up when costa died of a heart attack in new york.
meg tilly (born 14 february 1960) is an oscar-nominated canadian-american actress and published novelist.	meg tilly (born 14 february 1960) is an canadian-american actress and published novelist.
the huns were a group of nomadic people who, appearing from beyond the volga, migrated into europe c. ad 370 and built up an enormous empire in europe.	the huns were a group of nomadic people who, appearing from east of the volga, migrated into europe c. ad 370 and built up an enormous empire in europe.
this case first exploded into the public's view when premier current events program, today tonight, aired footage of a young russian-born australian, claiming she was imported via an internet site and was used as a sexual slave by her 'husband' while being confined to his sydney home.	this case first exploded into the public's view when current events program, today tonight, aired footage of a young russian-born australian, claiming she was imported via an internet site and was used as a sexual slave by her 'husband' while being confined to his sydney home.
eddie royle is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michael melia from 1990 until 1991.	eddie royle is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michael melia from 1990 until 1991.
when sony announced they were coming out with the playstation, 3do refused to compete with the honored company and abandoned the 3do and the m2 project.	when sony announced they were coming out with the playstation, 3do refused to compete with the company and abandoned the 3do and the m2 project.
as for new york, martin had egoistic slugger reggie jackson, defensive geniuses bucky dent and graig nettles, cy young award-winning closer sparky lyle, young pitcher ron guidry, and speedsters willie randolph and mickey rivers.	as for new york, martin had slugger reggie jackson, defensive geniuses bucky dent and graig nettles, cy young award-winning closer sparky lyle, young pitcher ron guidry, and speedsters willie randolph and mickey rivers.
the visa policy of the schengen area is set by the european union and applies to the schengen area and to other eu member states without the opt-outs of ireland and the uk.	the visa policy of the schengen area is set by the european union and applies to the schengen area and to other eu member states without the opt-outs enjoyed by ireland and the uk.
in june 2006, was wrong'' was released, in which sungenis makes his case for modern geocentrism.	"in june 2006, was wrong'' was released, in which sungenis makes what he describes as a ""scientific"" case for modern geocentrism."
huw edwards is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by richard elis.	huw edwards is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by richard elis.
"the humorous bruce springsteen song ""pink cadillac"" uses a pink cadillac car as a metaphor for a woman's vagina."	"the bruce springsteen song ""pink cadillac"" uses a pink cadillac car as a metaphor for a woman's vagina."
one of the most notable such cases was the msg incident where triple h's rise to professional wrestling stardom in the wwf was stunted for some time after he embraced his soon-to-be departing onscreen rivals, diesel and razor ramon, at the end of a house show at madison square garden.	one of the most prominent such cases was the msg incident where triple h's rise to professional wrestling stardom in the wwf was stunted for some time after he embraced his soon-to-be departing onscreen rivals, diesel and razor ramon, at the end of a house show at madison square garden.
the jews of zlatopol served in the russian army during world war i and suffered under the pogroms of 1918-20. those who remained in zlatopol were murdered in august 1941. after world war ii the jews who survived in the red army returned to zlatopol and buried the jews of zlatopol in a common grave in the old jewish cemetery of zlatopol.	the jews of zlatopol served in the russian army during world war i and suffered under the pogroms of 1918-20. those who remained in zlatopol were killed in august 1941. after world war ii the jews who survived in the red army returned to zlatopol and buried the jews of zlatopol in a common grave in the old jewish cemetery of zlatopol.
christian vieri (born 12 july 1973 in bologna) is an italian football player, a striker who currently plays for italian club superpower ac milan and the italian national team.	christian vieri (born 12 july 1973 in bologna) is an italian football player, a striker who currently plays for italian club ac milan and the italian national team.
palestinian militias organized by hasan salama and others operated in and around ramla, resisting israeli attacks and launching attacks on jewish militant settlements and vehicles.	palestinian militias organized by hasan salama and others operated in and around ramla, resisting israeli attacks and launching attacks on jewish settlements and vehicles.
collyridianism was an obscure early christian heretical movement whose adherents apparently worshipped mary, the mother of jesus, as a goddess.	collyridianism was an obscure early christian movement whose adherents apparently worshipped mary, the mother of jesus, as a goddess.
"it is more commonly known as women in green (wig) (hebrew: נשים בירוק) due to its followers' ""custom"" of wearing green hats, in contrast to the older pro-peace organization women in black."	"it is more commonly known as women in green (wig) (hebrew: נשים בירוק) due to its followers' ""custom"" of wearing green hats, in contrast to the older organization women in black."
"the classic unifying anglican aphorism with regard to the debate on the eucharist is the poem by john donne (1572-1631): ""he was the word that spake it; he took the bread and brake it; and what that word did make it; i do believe and take it"" (divine poems."	"the classic anglican aphorism with regard to the debate on the eucharist is the poem by john donne (1572-1631): ""he was the word that spake it; he took the bread and brake it; and what that word did make it; i do believe and take it"" (divine poems."
however, he was clearly an outsider and terry was duly given the job.	however, he was clearly an outsider and terry was given the job.
the muslim group obtained substantial funds from then libyan dictator muammar gaddafi, notably a $5 million loan used to pay back-taxes and costs for the home of the movements former leader elijah muhammad and a $3 million loan from libya in the 1970s to acquire its opulent headquarters on chicagos south side.	the muslim group obtained substantial funds from then libyan leader muammar gaddafi, notably a $5 million loan used to pay back-taxes and costs for the home of the movements former leader elijah muhammad and a $3 million loan from libya in the 1970s to acquire its opulent headquarters on chicagos south side.
the german u-boat torpedoed the rms lusitania in 1915. it sank in 20 minutes, killing killed 128 american civilians and over 1000 britons.	the german u-boat torpedoed the rms lusitania in 1915. it sank in 20 minutes, killing 128 american civilians and over 1000 britons.
years later, this led to unfounded accusations of collaboration with the nazis .	years later, this led to accusations of collaboration with the nazis .
some radical islamist organizations such as al qaeda and hizb ut-tahrir are working to make islamic law, including dhimma status, applicable in all muslim nations.	some islamist organizations such as al qaeda and hizb ut-tahrir are working to make islamic law, including dhimma status, applicable in all muslim nations.
the blue mosque is a mosque located in the heart of mazar-i-sharif, afghanistan.	the blue mosque is a mosque located in the center of mazar-i-sharif, afghanistan.
"the ""consultation document on the methods for selecting the chief executive and for forming the legco in 2012"" was a document published on 18 november 2009 by the government of hong kong to broaden the scope of political participation and increase substantially the democratic elements in the 2012 elections in line with the hong kong basic law."	"the ""consultation document on the methods for selecting the chief executive and for forming the legco in 2012"" was a document published on 18 november 2009 by the government of hong kong to broaden the scope of political participation and increase the democratic elements in the 2012 elections in line with the hong kong basic law."
it details the persistence of a male gender identity and the stubborn adherence to a male gender role of a person whose penis had been totally destroyed shortly after birth as the result of a botched circumcision , and who had subsequently been surgically reassigned by constructing female genitalia.	it details the persistence of a male gender identity and the stubborn adherence to a male gender role of a person whose penis had been totally destroyed shortly after birth as the result of a botched genital mutilation , and who had subsequently been surgically reassigned by constructing female genitalia.
this is often used as a defense of japanese colonial policies, while opponents point out that japanese commercial interests were always put first and that native economic development was much hindered.	this is often used as a defense of japanese policies, while opponents point out that japanese commercial interests were always put first and that native economic development was much hindered.
the uvf had been banned by the unionist government in 1966, but was legalised at the same time as sinn fin by labour secretary of state merlyn rees in april 1974 in order to encourage a political path for unionist and republican extremists .	the uvf had been banned by the unionist government in 1966, but was legalised at the same time as sinn fin by labour secretary of state merlyn rees in april 1974 in order to encourage a political path for unionist and republican paramilitary groups .
the 747-8 is a development of the venerable boeing 747 which takes advantage of improvements in technology and aerodynamics.	the 747-8 is a development of the boeing 747 which takes advantage of improvements in technology and aerodynamics.
erik, the phantom of the opera, a horribly disfigured genius, created by french writer gaston leroux	erik, the phantom of the opera, a disfigured genius, created by french writer gaston leroux
in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries - the bicycle was used extensively in the outback and countryside of australia as a cheap means of transport.	in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries - the bicycle was used extensively in the outback and countryside of australia as a economical means of transport.
for indigenous people, columbus directly (with his murderous policies towards the taino (arawak) indians on the island of hispaniola) and indirectly brought about the demise of their history and culture.	for indigenous people, columbus directly (with his policies towards the taino (arawak) indians on the island of hispaniola) and indirectly brought about the demise of their history and culture.
confucius, a great chinese teacher and educator, believed that moral principles, virtues and discipline should be the very first lessons taught to a child, and that children need to practice them daily.	confucius, a chinese teacher and educator, believed that moral principles, virtues and discipline should be the very first lessons taught to a child, and that children need to practice them daily.
bishnu shrestha is a brave gurkha soldier in the indian army and recepient of the sourya chakra, bravery award and sarvottam jeevan raksha medals.	bishnu shrestha is a gurkha soldier in the indian army and recepient of the sourya chakra, bravery award and sarvottam jeevan raksha medals.
children of men is a 2006 dystopian thriller film directed by alfonso cuarn, loosely based on p.d.	children of men is a 2006 dystopian thriller film directed by alfonso cuarn, based on p.d.
"originally known as ""the buena vista tract"", it is densely filled with beautifully restored row houses, community gardens and tree lined streets and alleyways."	"originally known as ""the buena vista tract"", it is densely filled with restored row houses, community gardens and tree lined streets and alleyways."
the name is taken from tiamat, a goddess in ancient mesopotamian mythology who is substantially different (and does not have multiple heads).	the name is taken from tiamat, a monster in ancient mesopotamian mythology who is substantially different (and does not have multiple heads).
antenna, better known as ant1, is a popular television network airing in greece and cyprus.	antenna, better known as ant1, is a television network airing in greece and cyprus.
this year, 2006, we will be putting on south pacific.	this year, 2006, the school will be putting on south pacific.
numerous ancient monuments can be found in the city today, the most famous of which is the renowned heraion of argos, though agriculture (particularly citrus production) is the mainstay of the local economy.	numerous ancient monuments can be found in the city today, the most famous of which is the heraion of argos, though agriculture (particularly citrus production) is the mainstay of the local economy.
an overview of research can be found here , including studies showing that more economic freedom is the cause of beneficial effects.	an overview of research can be found here , including studies claiming to show that more economic freedom is the cause of beneficial effects.
"military ties between the united states and china have not been particularly close since world war ii, and they deteriorated further due to the hainan island incident, in which a u.s. navy spy plane and a chinese fighter jet collided off china's southern coast in 2001. admiral william fallon, top u.s. commander in the pacific, said it was ""a start"" that china accepted his invitation to observe the large-scale exercises."	"military ties between the united states and china have not been particularly close since world war ii, and they deteriorated further due to the hainan island incident, in which a u.s. navy plane and a chinese fighter jet collided off china's southern coast in 2001. admiral william fallon, top u.s. commander in the pacific, said it was ""a start"" that china accepted his invitation to observe the large-scale exercises."
"the official purpose of the amendment was ""to protect united states military personnel and other elected and appointed officials of the united states government against criminal prosecution by an international criminal court to which the united states is not party""."	"the stated purpose of the amendment was ""to protect united states military personnel and other elected and appointed officials of the united states government against criminal prosecution by an international criminal court to which the united states is not party""."
the blog's popularity has attracted the attention of many democratic senators, congressmen , governors and candidates who have posted on the site, including senators john kerry and barbara boxer, senate majority leader harry reid, speaker of the united states house of representatives nancy pelosi, former president jimmy carter, and president barack obama.	the blog's popularity has attracted the attention of many democratic senators, members of congress , governors and candidates who have posted on the site, including senators john kerry and barbara boxer, senate majority leader harry reid, speaker of the united states house of representatives nancy pelosi, former president jimmy carter, and president barack obama.
from hitler's promotion of declared atheists within his party and his use of muslem fighters in his army, it can be concluded that hitler in the public realm tolerated different religious opinions, ranging from atheist to islamic, as long as those people professing these different creeds would support the nazi regime.	from hitler's promotion of declared atheists within his party and his use of muslim fighters in his army, it can be concluded that hitler in the public realm tolerated different religious opinions, ranging from atheist to islamic, as long as those people professing these different creeds would support the nazi regime.
they deliberated for just 8 hours.	they deliberated for 8 hours.
more show than music, a scathing critique of the 2001 awards show	more show than music, a critique of the 2001 awards show
snapshots capture memorable moments in imperfect images.	snapshots render memorable moments in imperfect images.
trump has a close relationship with her father, who has publicly expressed his admiration for her constantly .	trump has a close relationship with her father, who has publicly expressed his admiration for her in several occasions .
ad age (or advertising age) is a global media brand offering analysis, news and data on marketing and media.	ad age (or advertising age) is a global media brand publishing analysis, news and data on marketing and media.
he attends westminster college, a prestigious public school in london.	he attends westminster college, a public school in london.
mothers who consider abortion are referred to two doctors who then advise her whether abortion is suitable based on the decision of which of four conditions apply; only when the doctors reach a unanimous decision is the mother allowed to terminate pregnancy-	women who consider abortion are referred to two doctors who then advise her whether abortion is suitable based on the decision of which of four conditions apply; only when the doctors reach a unanimous decision is the mother allowed to terminate pregnancy-
this restoration included the establishment of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints and the purported translation of the book of mormon and other new scriptures in addition to the bible.	this restoration included the establishment of the church of jesus christ of latter day saints and the translation of the book of mormon and other new scriptures in addition to the bible.
his season came to a disappointing end as the seminoles were snubbed from the ncaa tournament for the second straight season, and forced to play in the nit.	his season came to a disappointing end as the seminoles were excluded from the ncaa tournament for the second straight season, and forced to play in the nit.
despite the traditional brethren aversion to having written statements of faith, some assemblies have recently adopted a statement of faith opposing the sign gifts.	despite the traditional brethren aversion to having written statements of faith, some assemblies have recently adopted a statement of faith denying the continuity of the sign gifts.
bharathiraja, one of tamil film's famous directors, was in the audience and was searching for a heroine to star in his new film.	bharathiraja, one of tamil film's prominent directors, was in the audience and was searching for a heroine to star in his new film.
the ashram offered various therapies derived from the human potential movement to its western audience and was very controversial in india and abroad, chiefly because of its libertine climate and osho's provocative lectures.	the ashram offered various therapies derived from the human potential movement to its western audience and was very controversial in india and abroad, chiefly because of its libertarian climate and osho's provocative lectures.
"fort qualls refers to the pro-bush patriotic encampment near us president george w. bush's crawford, texas, ranch, which launched a demonstration to counter ""camp casey"" in downtown crawford."	"fort qualls refers to the pro-bush encampment near us president george w. bush's crawford, texas, ranch, which launched a demonstration to counter ""camp casey"" in downtown crawford."
its operation was penetrated by the irish republican army, and even before michael collins ordered a ruthless purge of mi5's irish agents—almost all of whom were assassinated—it was unable to provide useful intelligence on the irish republican movement during the home rule and independence controversies.	its operation was penetrated by the irish republican army, and even before michael collins ordered a purge of mi5's irish agents—almost all of whom were assassinated—it was unable to provide useful intelligence on the irish republican movement during the home rule and independence controversies.
nyc transit workers are, on average, far higher-paid than other new york transportation workers.	nyc transit workers are, on average, higher-paid than other new york transportation workers.
during his tenure at the cia, casey played a large part in the shaping of reagan's foreign-policy, particularly its approach to soviet expansionism .	during his tenure at the cia, casey played a large part in the shaping of reagan's foreign-policy, particularly its approach to soviet international activity .
in the 15th century, the ottomans conquered most of greece, but the islands remained christian thanks to the venetians.	in the 15th century, the ottomans conquered most of greece, but the islands remained christian due to the venetians.
proper christian burial of the royal remains took place three days later, on 21 january, in the necropolis of french kings at the basilica of st denis.	christian burial of the royal remains took place three days later, on 21 january, in the necropolis of french kings at the basilica of st denis.
burris was finally sworn in on january 15, 2009, by president of the senate dick cheney.	burris was sworn in on january 15, 2009, by president of the senate dick cheney.
personal development (new age stuff )	personal development (new age self improvement )
he passed away tragically on may 18 2005 when his car collided with a truck on a highway, as he was driving to spend time with his family.	he passed away on may 18 2005 when his car collided with a truck on a highway, as he was driving to spend time with his family.
the popular uk blues-rock band the hamsters use silly stage names as part of their professional personas.	the uk blues-rock band the hamsters use silly stage names as part of their professional personas.
the jim reeves way a great page dedicated to the memory of jim reeves	the jim reeves way a page dedicated to the memory of jim reeves
on july 5, 2013 after a successful one-year stint in carolina, ellis re-joined his original draft team the dallas stars, on a two-year deal to be the back-up goalie to kari lehtonen, with an average annual value of $900,000.	on july 5, 2013 after a one-year stint in carolina, ellis re-joined his original draft team the dallas stars, on a two-year deal to be the back-up goalie to kari lehtonen, with an average annual value of $900,000.
one recent ap poll shows a very slim majority -- 52 percent -- say mormonism is a christian religion.	one recent ap poll shows a slim majority -- 52 percent -- say mormonism is a christian religion.
unjustified focus on genetic factors	focus on genetic factors
marilyn jean buck (december 13, 1947 – august 3, 2010) was an american communist revolutionary, convict , and poet who was imprisoned for her participation in the 1979 prison break of assata shakur, the 1981 brinks robbery and the 1983 u.s. senate bombing.	marilyn jean buck (december 13, 1947 – august 3, 2010) was an american communist revolutionary, political prisoner , and poet who was imprisoned for her participation in the 1979 prison break of assata shakur, the 1981 brinks robbery and the 1983 u.s. senate bombing.
the battle of mosul, a massive military offensive to liberate the city, began in october 2016, and is the largest deployment of iraqi forces since the 2003 invasion by u.s. and coalition forces.	the battle of mosul, a massive military offensive to re-take the city, began in october 2016, and is the largest deployment of iraqi forces since the 2003 invasion by u.s. and coalition forces.
from the f.y.r.o.m with e75 to polykastron interchange	from the republic of macedonia with e75 to polykastron interchange
there are many reasons why amundsen was successful, but a major factor was his ruthless use of dogs during the journey.	there are many reasons why amundsen was successful, but a major factor was his use of dogs during the journey.
"in response, luther wrote his de servo arbitrio (on the bondage of the will) (1525), which viciously attacks the ""diatribe"" and erasmus himself, going so far as to claim that erasmus was not a christian."	"in response, luther wrote his de servo arbitrio (on the bondage of the will) (1525), which vigorously attacks the ""diatribe"" and erasmus himself, going so far as to claim that erasmus was not a christian."
"warren parrish, a kssabc officer who later apostatized claimed that smith had prophesied that kssabc ""shall become the greatest of all institutions on earth."""	"warren parrish, a kssabc officer who later left the lds church, claimed that smith had prophesied that kssabc ""shall become the greatest of all institutions on earth."""
most of the historically proposed locations are in or near the mediterranean sea: islands such as sardinia, crete and santorini, sicily, cyprus, and malta; land-based cities or states such as troy, tartessos, and tantalus (in the province of manisa), turkey; and palestine -sinai or canaan.	most of the historically proposed locations are in or near the mediterranean sea: islands such as sardinia, crete and santorini, sicily, cyprus, and malta; land-based cities or states such as troy, tartessos, and tantalus (in the province of manisa), turkey; and israel -sinai or canaan.
`abd allah ibn `abd al-asad was one of the companions of the islamic prophet muhammad.	`abd allah ibn `abd al-asad was one of the companions of the islamic lawmaker muhammad.
unfortunately , philadelphia sealed the win with westbrook turning a 57-yard reception and a 10-yard run into touchdowns.	however , philadelphia sealed the win with westbrook turning a 57-yard reception and a 10-yard run into touchdowns.
it was recognized only by britain, iraq and pakistan.	it was recognized by britain, iraq and pakistan.
"this went against earlier sentiments by moody that ""we hope to express in our music that christianity is not a rigid list of rules to follow..."" and also ""the message we as a band want to convey more than anything is simplegod is love."""	"this seemed to go against earlier sentiments by moody that ""we hope to express in our music that christianity is not a rigid list of rules to follow..."" and also ""the message we as a band want to convey more than anything is simplegod is love."""
theme song a simple ballad about a mom named mrs. pteranodon and her children with a t. rex, revealed to be written by king in his debut episode	theme song a ballad about a mom named mrs. pteranodon and her children with a t. rex, revealed to be written by king in his debut episode
"guideline status of ""build the web"""	"status of ""build the web"""
this was prevalent under the former ppp/c regime who authorised the vat to be equal to 50% of the value of the good.	this was prevalent under the former ppp/c government who authorised the vat to be equal to 50% of the value of the good.
subsequently, as part of the bulgarian socialist party bokova made a quick career in bulgaria's ministry of foreign affairs, eventually becoming minister in 1996.	subsequently, as part of the bulgarian socialist party bokova made a career in bulgaria's ministry of foreign affairs, eventually becoming minister in 1996.
her notable roles include alice in the bletchley circle, gale benson in the bank job (2008) and ann in mr. holmes (2015).	her roles include alice in the bletchley circle, gale benson in the bank job (2008) and ann in mr. holmes (2015).
the determination of guilt or innocence is judged by a tribunal of male elders.	the determination of guilt or innocence is judged by a tribunal of elders.
his prescient surrender to the mongols spared mosul the destruction experienced by other settlements in mesopotamia.	his surrender to the mongols spared mosul the destruction experienced by other settlements in mesopotamia.
"the governor was accused (as were key senate dflers, especially senate majority leader dean johnson) of politicizing the government shutdown when he blasted dfl lawmakers in the press and openly demanded that a special appointee determine which state services would be deemed ""non-essential"" instead of the state's attorney general, dfler mike hatch."	"the governor was accused (as were key senate dflers, especially senate majority leader dean johnson) of politicizing the government shutdown when he blasted dfl lawmakers in the press and openly asked that a special appointee determine which state services would be deemed ""non-essential"" instead of the state's attorney general, dfler mike hatch."
he has also invented the conceptual art registry (in which he generates hundreds of ideas for conceptual art shows and then licenses them to young artsts) and authored a series of epistolary stories that attack the conservative talk-show host sean hannity.	he has also invented the conceptual art registry (in which he generates hundreds of ideas for conceptual art shows and then licenses them to young artsts) and authored a series of epistolary stories that challenge the validity of commentary by the conservative talk-show host sean hannity.
"the 9th and 10th cavalry regimentsthe famed ""buffalo soldiers"" so called by the native peoples for the similarity to the short curly haired buffalo that roamed the plainshave been stationed at fort riley several times during their history."	"the 9th and 10th cavalry regimentsthe famed ""buffalo soldiers"" so called by the indigenous peoples for the similarity to the short curly haired buffalo that roamed the plainshave been stationed at fort riley several times during their history."
"currently, the cat empire comprises ollie mcgill (keyboard and backing vocals), ryan monro (bass and backing vocals), felix riebl ( melodic percussion and vocals), harry james angus (trumpet and vocals), will hull-brown (drums) and jamshid ""jumps"" khadiwhala (decks, percussion)."	"currently, the cat empire comprises ollie mcgill (keyboard and backing vocals), ryan monro (bass and backing vocals), felix riebl (percussion and vocals), harry james angus (trumpet and vocals), will hull-brown (drums) and jamshid ""jumps"" khadiwhala (decks, percussion)."
infant mortality has declined during the last half of the twentieth century, from 123 deaths per 100,000 population in 1967 to only 25 per 100,000 in 1999. the population is predominantly rural, although port vila and luganville have populations in the tens of thousands.	infant mortality has declined during the last half of the twentieth century, from 123 deaths per 100,000 population in 1967 to 25 per 100,000 in 1999. the population is predominantly rural, although port vila and luganville have populations in the tens of thousands.
"in cases (such as the un and the world health organization under it) where almost all un members or sovereign states participate, the roc has been completely shut out while in others, such as the world trade organization (wto) and international olympic committee (ioc) taiwan participates under cryptic names: ""chinese taipei"" in the case of apec and the ioc, and the ""separate customs territory of taiwan, penghu, kimmen and matsu"" in the case of wto."	"in cases (such as the un and the world health organization under it) where almost all un members or sovereign states participate, the roc has been completely shut out while in others, such as the world trade organization (wto) and international olympic committee (ioc) taiwan participates under unusual names: ""chinese taipei"" in the case of apec and the ioc, and the ""separate customs territory of taiwan, penghu, kimmen and matsu"" in the case of wto."
diarmaid ferriter (born in 1973 ) is an acclaimed irish historian, and university lecturer.	diarmaid ferriter (born in 1973 ) is an irish historian, and university lecturer.
the early form of this script was dv grantha which was christened evla akuru (ancient letters) by hcp bell in order to distinguish it from the more recent variants of the same script.	the early form of this script was dv grantha which was named evla akuru (ancient letters) by hcp bell in order to distinguish it from the more recent variants of the same script.
"the church states that treatment merely lessens the symptoms rather than addresses the underlying cause, ""mental and behavioral problems are largely incorrect diagnoses that cover symptoms and don't handle the real problems, which may be physical or spiritual""."	"the church claims that treatment merely lessens the symptoms rather than addresses the underlying cause, ""mental and behavioral problems are largely incorrect diagnoses that cover symptoms and don't handle the real problems, which may be physical or spiritual""."
victor bleasdale was a disinguished officer in the united states marine corps.	victor bleasdale was a officer in the united states marine corps.
ehud goldwasser, one of two soldiers captured by hezbollah which sparked the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict	ehud goldwasser, one of two soldiers kidnapped by hezbollah which sparked the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict
by 1350, the heresy was virtually extinguished.	by 1350, the movement was virtually extinguished.
he also publicized the sacred practice of plural marriage, a form of polygamy.	he also publicized the practice of plural marriage, a form of polygamy.
citing friedrich engels and karl marx, lenin clarifies theoretical questions about the existence of the state after the proletarian revolution, addressing the arguments of anti-authoritarians, anarchists, social democrats, and reformists, in describing the progressive stages of societal change the revolution, establishing the lower stage of communist society (the socialist commune), and the higher stage of communist society that will yield a stable society where personal freedom might be fully expressed.	citing friedrich engels and karl marx, lenin investigates theoretical questions about the existence of the state after the proletarian revolution, addressing the arguments of anti-authoritarians, anarchists, social democrats, and reformists, in describing the progressive stages of societal change the revolution, establishing the lower stage of communist society (the socialist commune), and the higher stage of communist society that will yield a stable society where personal freedom might be fully expressed.
although the road has been closed with controlled access since the tragedy , it was recently decided that with impending redevelopment it would be necessary to 'formalise the closure'.	although the road has been closed with controlled access since the attack , it was recently decided that with impending redevelopment it would be necessary to 'formalise the closure'.
see also - 2006 dublin republican riots	see also - 2006 dublin riots
"the new york times in observing his passing described him as ""the outstanding professional diplomat of his generation in the united states""."	"the new york times in observing his death described him as ""the outstanding professional diplomat of his generation in the united states""."
"sexy mf is a successful merger of ""old school"" funk with modern r&b music."	"sexy mf is a merger of ""old school"" funk with modern r&b music."
"benny morris claims that sirin was one of the first of approximately two dozen villages that were evacuated on arab orders in april-may 1948 for ""pre-invasion military reasons."""	"benny morris writes that sirin was one of the first of approximately two dozen villages that were evacuated on arab orders in april-may 1948 for ""pre-invasion military reasons."""
persecution of christians can supposedly be traced historically based on the biblical account of jesus in the first century to the present time.	persecution of christians can be traced historically based on the biblical account of jesus in the first century to the present time.
he was found guilty of harassment , and is often blamed for the downfall of indian hockey .	he was found guilty of harassment , and is often blamed for the downfall of indian .
in normal sexual development, females are exposed to minimal amounts of testosterone, thus feminizing their sexual development, while males are typically exposed to high levels of testosterone, which masculinize their development.	in typical sexual development, females are exposed to minimal amounts of testosterone, thus feminizing their sexual development, while males are typically exposed to high levels of testosterone, which masculinize their development.
an exodus of palestinians from israel occurred during this war.	an exodus of palestinian arabs from israel occurred during this war.
they freely adapted platonic terminology and ideas to christianity while explaining and differentiating the new faith from all the others.	they adapted platonic terminology and ideas to christianity while explaining and differentiating the new faith from all the others.
neither of those posts were about feminism, and so it seems doubtful as to whether it implied the point althouse claims to have been intended; she clarified the point in a comment four hours later, and only after many of her readers had attacked jessica valenti with sexist comments about her breasts and implying that bill clinton was sexually desirous of valenti.	neither of those posts were about feminism, and so it seems doubtful as to whether it implied the point althouse claims to have been intended; she first made the point in a comment four hours later, and only after many of her readers had attacked jessica valenti with sexist comments about her breasts and implying that bill clinton was sexually desirous of valenti.
the facility was built in 1989 in order to host several commuter airlines and closed in april 2008 with the collapse of skybus airlines.	the facility was built in 1989 in order to host several commuter airlines and closed in april 2008 with the bankruptcy of skybus airlines.
madhobpur lake is a nice lake in kamalganj upazila, bangladesh.	madhobpur lake is a lake in kamalganj upazila, bangladesh.
the original left, and their radical or republican descendants, had stood for a certain abstract equality of rights, but this emerging socialist left stood for a more radical notion of equality: in its more extreme forms, for an absolute leveling of wealth and a willingness to use the power of the state to achieve that equality.	the original left, and their radical or republican descendants, had stood for a certain abstract equality of rights, but this emerging socialist left stood for a more radical notion of equality: in its more radical forms, for an absolute leveling of wealth and a willingness to use the power of the state to achieve that equality.
upon detailed acoustic analysis it was however concluded, that the recorded fifth signal was unlikely to have originated from a flight recorders underwater locator beacon.	upon acoustic analysis it was however concluded, that the recorded fifth signal was unlikely to have originated from a flight recorders underwater locator beacon.
florence and the machine were promoted up the order (and were themselves replaced by surprise special guests the libertines) and their career-defining performance was well-received.	florence and the machine were promoted up the order (and were themselves replaced by surprise special guests the libertines ) and their performance was well-received.
after the death of elhanan's 13 year-old daughter in 1997, she became a outspoken critic of the israeli occupation of the west bank and gaza.	after the death of elhanan's 13 year-old daughter in 1997, she became a outspoken critic of the israeli control of the west bank and gaza.
"cleveland's deadpan exclamation of ""...and boom goes the dynamite"" after completing intercourse with carolyn is a reference to a phrase used during ball state university student brian collins's abysmal appearance as television sports anchor, which became an internet sensation."	"cleveland's deadpan exclamation of ""...and boom goes the dynamite"" after completing intercourse with carolyn is a reference to a phrase used during ball state university student brian collins's appearance as television sports anchor, which became an internet sensation."
title holders and 2012 summer olympics gold olympic medalists the united states, were eliminated in a stunning loss against sweden in a penalty shootout in the quarterfinals.	title holders and 2012 summer olympics gold olympic medalists the united states, were eliminated in a loss against sweden in a penalty shootout in the quarterfinals.
among his first policy moves as new premier, iemma announced the immediate repealing of the unpopular vendor tax (a tax on investment property) that was introduced by the carr government in 2003.	among his first policy moves as new premier, iemma announced the immediate repealing of the vendor tax (a tax on investment property) that was introduced by the carr government in 2003.
"he was certainly one of the best, with a whole generation of children enjoying the way he could explain complicated scientific and mathematical phenomena in such a straightforward and unpatronising way, and with the aid of a few appalling puns (""i'm a mystic!"	"he was certainly one of the best, with a whole generation of children enjoying the way he could explain complicated scientific and mathematical phenomena in such a straightforward and unpatronising way, and with the aid of a few puns (""i'm a mystic!"
flight of the conchords is an american television sitcom that follows the adventures of the flight of the conchords, a hipster folk duo from new zealand, as its members seek fame and success in new york city.	flight of the conchords is an american television sitcom that follows the adventures of the flight of the conchords, a folk duo from new zealand, as its members seek fame and success in new york city.
the troner was enasa's last effort to keep pace with the european truck market but sadly failed to stop the company from losing market share.	the troner was enasa's last effort to keep pace with the european truck market but failed to stop the company from losing market share.
furthermore, their album made it to the normal billboard top 200 albums worldwide, coming in at the 150th spot, beating justin bieber's my world 2.0 and making them the first k-pop artist with a korean album to do so.	furthermore, their album made it to the normal billboard top 200 albums worldwide, coming in at the 150th spot, just above canadian singer justin bieber's my world 2.0 and making them the first k-pop artist with a korean album to do so.
loyalist terrorists (uda etc.)	loyalist paramilitaries (uda etc.)
trekbbs.co.uk, a shameless parody	trekbbs.co.uk, a parody
the brutal attack lasts over four minutes, during which the victim lapses in and out of consciousness.	the attack lasts over four minutes, during which the victim lapses in and out of consciousness.
from 1949 to 1952, the regiment took part in the campaign against chinese and malayan communist terrorists in malaya.	from 1949 to 1952, the regiment took part in the campaign against chinese and malayan communist insurgents in malaya.
"the parody religion, church of the flying spaghetti monster humorously interprets the use of ""happy holidays"", rather than more traditional greetings, as support for pastafarianism."	"the parody religion, church of the flying spaghetti monster interprets the use of ""happy holidays"", rather than more traditional greetings, as support for pastafarianism."
this project is endorsed by the free software foundation and is a fundamental piece of fully-free gnu/ linux distributions.	this project is endorsed by the free software foundation and is a fundamental piece of fully-free linux distributions.
'vinegar tom' was written by british playwright caryl churchill in 1976.churchill collaborated with the feminist theatre company 'monstrous regiment'during the writing process, while completing work with anther company 'joint stock'.churchill and members from 'monstrous regiment' had met at a pro- abortion protest march in the 1970s and quickly discovered that they were mutually interested in putting on a production about the social hardship of women in 17th century england and how marginalised women of this period, would often be branded as 'witches'.	'vinegar tom' was written by british playwright caryl churchill in 1976.churchill collaborated with the feminist theatre company 'monstrous regiment'during the writing process, while completing work with anther company 'joint stock'.churchill and members from 'monstrous regiment' had met at a pro- choice protest march in the 1970s and quickly discovered that they were mutually interested in putting on a production about the social hardship of women in 17th century england and how marginalised women of this period, would often be branded as 'witches'.
at warner brothers, production-head darryl zanuck was in a feud over money; tight-fisted warners had cut costs in the depression by reducing salaries.	at warner brothers, production-head darryl zanuck was in a feud over money; warners had cut costs in the depression by reducing salaries.
monroe's performance was accompanied by famed jazz pianist hank jones.	monroe's performance was accompanied by jazz pianist hank jones.
"the supporting role of carlotta campion, the seen-it-all ex-follies girl who sings the show-stopping song ""i'm still here,"" was created by yvonne de carlo and has subsequently often been given to a well-known veteran performer."	"the supporting role of carlotta campion, the seen-it-all ex-follies girl who sings the song ""i'm still here,"" was created by yvonne de carlo and has subsequently often been given to a well-known veteran performer."
the fasces denotes fascism .	the fasces denotes authority .
in february 2017, xiamen airlines proudly operated changle's first direct route to north america, with a boeing 787-9 service to new yorkjfk airport.	in february 2017, xiamen airlines operated changle's first direct route to north america, with a boeing 787-9 service to new yorkjfk airport.
on september 12, 2005, brown finally announced his resignation as director.	on september 12, 2005, brown announced his resignation as director.
stan musial, whose 3,630 career hits were second on the all-time list and remain fourth today, finally retired after the 1963 season, at the age of 42 after 22 years in st. louis.	stan musial, whose 3,630 career hits were second on the all-time list and remain fourth today, retired after the 1963 season, at the age of 42 after 22 years in st. louis.
she has been presented once only by the manipur state.	she has been presented once by the manipur state.
the striking white sails of the building has made it a prominent landmark for the city, as well as drawing comparisons to the sydney opera house in sydney, australia and the denver international airport in denver, colorado.	the white sails of the building has made it a prominent landmark for the city, as well as drawing comparisons to the sydney opera house in sydney, australia and the denver international airport in denver, colorado.
at the end of harry's sixth year, headmaster albus dumbledore was assasinated by severus snape, a professor at the school.	at the end of harry's sixth year, headmaster albus dumbledore was murdered by severus snape, a professor at the school.
"historian colin calloway said washington's indian policy was intended for their survival and civilization, but he ""failed to balance expansion onto indian lands, with justice to indian people."""	"historian colin calloway is of the opinion washington's indian policy was intended for their survival and civilization, but he ""failed to balance expansion onto indian lands, with justice to indian people."""
however, as of 2005, registration hurdles were encountered by some minor religious groups, notably the jehovah's witnesses.	however, as of 2005, registration hurdles were encountered by some religious groups, notably the jehovah's witnesses.
there has been much debate as to what to call iran in common usage of the english language.	there has been some debate as to what to call iran in common usage of the english language.
public perceptions about the existence and importance of global warming have evolved more slowly in the u.s. than in europe, but have moved substantially in recent years.	public perceptions about the existence and importance of global warming have changed more slowly in the u.s. than in europe, but have moved substantially in recent years.
fidel castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the dictator of cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the regime of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.	fidel castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the leader of cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the regime of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.
"in aiming the game at a younger audience, infocom wisely diffused the game's sense of danger with many humorous elements, such as mr. crisp's impatience at the beginning (""take the stupid envelope and scram, chowderbrain!"")"	"in aiming the game at a younger audience, infocom diffused the game's sense of danger with many humorous elements, such as mr. crisp's impatience at the beginning (""take the stupid envelope and scram, chowderbrain!"")"
october 1, 2004: one terrorist is killed and six are arrested, by idf forces, in palestinian police office near the erez crossing.	october 1, 2004: one palestinian is killed and six are arrested, by idf forces, in palestinian police office near the erez crossing.
because of what it takes to bring a cute puppy into a sensible, trained, adult dog, they should not be given as gifts unless the recipient is absolutely amenable to receiving such a gift.	because of what it takes to bring a puppy into a sensible, trained, adult dog, they should not be given as gifts unless the recipient is absolutely amenable to receiving such a gift.
also, resulting greenhouse gas emissions, chiefly carbon dioxide, from the widespread use of engines in the modern industrialized world is contributing fractionally to the global greenhouse effect a primary concern regarding global warming.	also, resulting greenhouse gas emissions, chiefly carbon dioxide, from the widespread use of engines in the modern industrialized world is contributing to the global greenhouse effect a primary concern regarding global warming.
current scientific evidence shows that exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke causes death, disease and disability.	current scientific evidence shows that exposure to secondhand tobacco smoke may cause premature death, disease and disability.
image:hitlermusso.jpgbenito mussolini and adolf hitler were two of the 20th century's most infamous dictators.	image:hitlermusso.jpgbenito mussolini and adolf hitler were two of the 20th century's most notorious dictators.
31 august 1967 in worthing, england) is a fine character actor who has worked on various tv programmes and series.	31 august 1967 in worthing, england) is a character actor who has worked on various tv programmes and series.
pope benedict xvi made his first foreign trip to his homeland germany, attending the world youth day 2005. he was welcomed with amazing cheers and made several speeches to leaders of germany and to pilgrims at the rhine banks at a ship as well as in front of the cologne cathedrale.	pope benedict xvi made his first foreign trip to his homeland germany, attending the world youth day 2005. he was welcomed with cheers and made several speeches to leaders of germany and to pilgrims at the rhine banks at a ship as well as in front of the cologne cathedrale.
subsequent developments have been the replacement of the ratisbon editions with the vatican edition of 1912 and the publication of the antiphonale monasticum (1934) produced by the benedictines of solesmes, in 1971 the office was drastically revised and renamed the liturgy of the hours (liturgia horarum) and new books appeared: the psalterium monasticum (1981) and the liber hymnarius (1982).	subsequent developments have been the replacement of the ratisbon editions with the vatican edition of 1912 and the publication of the antiphonale monasticum (1934) produced by the benedictines of solesmes, in 1971 the office was substantially revised and renamed the liturgy of the hours (liturgia horarum) and new books appeared: the psalterium monasticum (1981) and the liber hymnarius (1982).
inexperience and poor planning were blamed for the accident according to a controversial book written by james raffan about the disaster.	inexperience and poor planning were blamed for the accident according to a book written by james raffan about the disaster.
software engineering improves the productivity and quality of the technologies and practices that organizations use to create computer software.	software engineering attempts to improve the productivity and quality of the technologies and practices that organizations use to create computer software.
casmir sleazebag king of lyonesse; primary antagonist of the trilogy	casmir king of lyonesse; primary antagonist of the trilogy
foley's ephebophiliac behavior is being investigated by the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) and the local authorities in the state of florida.	foley's behavior is being investigated by the federal bureau of investigation (fbi) and the local authorities in the state of florida.
satoshi kanazawa phd (born november 16, 1962) is a controversial evolutionary psychologist at the london school of economics.	satoshi kanazawa phd (born november 16, 1962) is a evolutionary psychologist at the london school of economics.
"media lens - british anti-corporate website, frequently attacked by oliver kamm who considers it to be ""sub-chomskyite""."	"media lens - british media analysis website, frequently attacked by oliver kamm who considers it to be ""sub-chomskyite""."
halloween is celebrated in most parts of the anglosphere , most commonly in the united states, canada, ireland, the united kingdom and with increasing popularity in australia and new zealand.	halloween is celebrated in most parts of the western world , most commonly in the united states, canada, ireland, the united kingdom and with increasing popularity in australia and new zealand.
privately affirmed belief in both ideas is officially required, by interview, to actively participate in mormon meetings and ceremonies, including the privilege to have a signed recommendation in order to witness the temple marriage of a family member .	privately affirmed belief in both ideas is officially required, by interview, to actively participate in mormon meetings and ceremonies, including the right to have a signed recommendation in order to witness the temple marriage of a family member .
this song was later unfortunatly covered by boyband busted at the brit awards in 2003	this song was later covered by boyband busted at the brit awards in 2003
however, the russian federation, legal successor state of the ussr, denies the occupation of latvia by the soviet union.	however, the russian federation, legal successor state of the ussr, does not recognize the occupation of latvia by the soviet union.
harris has been a strong supporter of amnesty for illegal aliens and expansion of h-1b, l-1 and other guest worker visas.	harris has been a supporter of amnesty for illegal aliens and expansion of h-1b, l-1 and other guest worker visas.
of the remaining 20% of the population, only half are muslim, and the rest follow traditional beliefs or syncretic sects.	of the remaining 20% of the population, half are muslim, and the rest follow traditional beliefs or syncretic sects.
in 2005, the school was awarded the prestigious cambridge fellowship by the university of cambridge in england, in recognition of academic excellence among schools offering cambridge qualifications.	in 2005, the school was awarded the cambridge fellowship by the university of cambridge in england, in recognition of academic excellence among schools offering cambridge qualifications.
sabine dardenne (born october 28, 1983) is a belgian woman who, at the age of twelve, on may 28, 1996, was kidnapped by the infamous marc dutroux whilst on her way to school.	sabine dardenne (born october 28, 1983) is a belgian woman who, at the age of twelve, on may 28, 1996, was kidnapped by the marc dutroux whilst on her way to school.
the determinant of a 3x3 matrix can be easily calculated by its diagonals.	the determinant of a 3x3 matrix can be calculated by its diagonals.
tan holdings corporation (thc) is a globally-competitive holdings company located in the united states commonwealth of the northern mariana islands (cnmi).	tan holdings corporation (thc) is a holdings company located in the united states commonwealth of the northern mariana islands (cnmi).
the berlin wall and fortifications along the inner german border were erected by the communist east german democratic republic in 1961 to enforce the prison-like policy.	the berlin wall and fortifications along the inner german border were erected by the communist east german democratic republic in 1961 to enforce the policy.
the 2008 torch relay has been controversial, being marked on multiple occasions by protests regarding a range of issues, including china's human rights record, and in particular the ongoing unrest in tibet and the continued genocide in darfur.	the 2008 torch relay has been controversial, being marked on multiple occasions by protests regarding a range of issues, including china's human rights record, and in particular the ongoing unrest in tibet and the continued war in darfur.
gilbert scott's magnificent staircase inside the st. pancras renaissance hotel	gilbert scott's staircase inside the st. pancras renaissance hotel
abdul rashid salim salman khan popularly known as salman khan (devangar: सलमान ख़ान, pronunciation: /slmn xn/, born december 27, 1965) is a contreversial bollywood movie star.	abdul rashid salim salman khan popularly known as salman khan (devangar: सलमान ख़ान, pronunciation: /slmn xn/, born december 27, 1965) is a bollywood movie star.
meyer resigned from the navy in 1991. in his resignation letter, meyer complained about the navy's investigation into the explosion and miceli's and other officer's roles in what meyer said was a cover up.	meyer resigned from the navy in 1991. in his resignation letter, meyer complained about the navy's investigation into the explosion and miceli's and other officer's roles in what meyer claimed was a cover up.
"the earliest textual reference to the term ""wokou"" comes from the monument of gwanggaeto the great of korea erected in 414. this term is used as an insulating reference to the japanese by the korean and chinese after that."	"the earliest textual reference to the term ""wokou"" comes from the monument of gwanggaeto the great of korea erected in 414. this term is used as an insulting reference to the japanese by the korean and chinese after that."
"dragoljub ""draa"" mihailovi (cyrillic script: """" ; also known as "" "" or ""ia draa"", meaning ""old man draa"") (april 27, 1893 - july 17, 1946) was a serbian general now primarily remembered as the world war ii leader of the collaborationist resistance movement, the chetniks."	"dragoljub ""draa"" mihailovi (cyrillic script: """" ; also known as "" "" or ""ia draa"", meaning ""old man draa"") (april 27, 1893 - july 17, 1946) was a serbian general now primarily remembered as the world war ii leader of the nationalist resistance movement, the chetniks."
malibeyli and gushchular massacre was the killings of 8 civilians, according to helsinki watch, and according to other sources, 15-50 (exact number unknown)	malibeyli and gushchular massacre was the killings of 8 civilians, according to helsinki watch, and according to azerbaijani sources, 15-50 (exact number unknown)
bankable production is an independent film and television production company founded by former supermodel tyra banks who also serves as ceo of the company.	bankable production is an independent film and television production company founded by former model tyra banks who also serves as ceo of the company.
pastors are trained at one of only thirteen officially sanctioned seminaries.	pastors are trained at one of thirteen officially sanctioned seminaries.
the latter tends to utilise radial hierarchies and webs (tree structures), whereas concept maps allow any kind of connections between the concepts (true flexible graph structure) and have labeled links to enhance communication and meaningful learning.	the latter tends to utilise radial hierarchies and webs (tree structures), whereas concept maps allow any kind of connections between the concepts (true flexible graph structure) and have labeled links to enhance communication and learning.
however, this automatic entitlement was limited to the first generation, with the citizenship of subsequent generations requiring registration and the surrendering of any other citizenship held at the age of 21. the combination of the principles of birth and descent in the act clearly respected the states territorial boundary, with residents of northern ireland treated in an identical manner to persons of irish birth or descent who resided in britain or a foreign country.	however, this automatic entitlement was limited to the first generation, with the citizenship of subsequent generations requiring registration and the surrendering of any other citizenship held at the age of 21. the combination of the principles of birth and descent in the act respected the states territorial boundary, with residents of northern ireland treated in an identical manner to persons of irish birth or descent who resided in britain or a foreign country.
in july 1944, vilnius was liberated from the germans by the soviet army and the polish armia krajowa (see operation ostra brama and the vilnius offensive).	in july 1944, vilnius was captured from the germans by the soviet army and the polish armia krajowa (see operation ostra brama and the vilnius offensive).
reich defied the order and was jailed, and the fda illegally took that opportunity to destroy any of reich's books which mentioned orgone, along with research materials and devices.	reich defied the order and was jailed, and the fda took that opportunity to destroy any of reich's books which mentioned orgone, along with research materials and devices.
"mills believes that the name of village of ""scalthorpe"" derives from the scandinavian: ""an outlying farmstead or hamlet of a man called skalli""."	"mills states that the name of village of ""scalthorpe"" derives from the scandinavian: ""an outlying farmstead or hamlet of a man called skalli""."
perhaps religious motives had something to do with this change of parties, for balfour was a violent opponent of popery , and had once beaten a priest for trying to convert his wife (strafford corr.	perhaps religious motives had something to do with this change of parties, for balfour was a violent opponent of roman catholicism , and had once beaten a priest for trying to convert his wife (strafford corr.
the wall divided east and west berlin for 28 years, from the day construction began on august 13 1961 until it was dismantled in 1989. during this period 125 people were killed trying to escape across the wall to west berlin, according to official figures.	the wall divided east and west berlin for 28 years, from the day construction began on august 13 1961 until it was dismantled in 1989. during this period 125 people were killed trying to cross across the wall to west berlin, according to official figures.
dement's songs are typically simple, clearly told stories about life's pains and joys delivered via a nasal voice with excessive vibrato.	dement's songs are typically simple, clearly told stories about life's pains and joys delivered via a nasal voice with vibrato.
an additional 1,366 innocent civilians died at or above the floors of impact in the north tower.	an additional 1,366 civilians died at or above the floors of impact in the north tower.
jimmie blanton (october 5, 1918 july 30, 1942) was an influential american jazz double bassist.	jimmie blanton (october 5, 1918 july 30, 1942) was an american jazz double bassist.
"there is a bold switch to 6/8 time, and the piano leads the orchestra into a new brief but energetic theme, oddly resembling the crass song ""the man who broke the bank at monte carlo."""	"there is a bold switch to 6/8 time, and the piano leads the orchestra into a new brief but energetic theme, oddly resembling the popular song ""the man who broke the bank at monte carlo."""
due to the absence of a neutral spacing, double clutching is ill-advised for sequential gear changes, as in a fully sequential gearbox such as a typical motorcycle.	due to the absence of a neutral spacing, double clutching is impossible for sequential gear changes, as in a fully sequential gearbox such as a typical motorcycle.
"after appearing in the ""statue of liberty"" episode, guest author mark dice posted a detailed paper online titled ""what brad meltzer's decoded missed about the real meaning of the statue of liberty's symbols and the illuminati secret society"", where he refutes some of the investigator's conclusions and how he was portrayed."	"after appearing in the ""statue of liberty"" episode, guest author mark dice posted a detailed paper online titled ""what brad meltzer's decoded missed about the real meaning of the statue of liberty's symbols and the illuminati secret society"", where he disputes some of the investigator's conclusions and how he was portrayed."
"on the colbert report, in its ""better know a district"" segment in early september 2012, the congresswoman stated that the dutch owned slaves in new york in 1898. her media representative then claimed that such a statement was meant in humor."	"on the colbert report, in its ""better know a district"" segment in early september 2012, the congresswoman stated that the dutch owned slaves in new york in 1898. her media representative then stated that such a statement was meant in humor."
the following year, he gained some consolation by breaking the 100 m world record, in athens again, on june 14, 2005, setting a time of 9.77 s. this beat american tim montgomery's infamous 2002 record of 9.78 s (which was later disqualified due to doping allegations against montgomery) by just one one-hundredth of a second.	the following year, he gained some consolation by breaking the 100 m world record, in athens again, on june 14, 2005, setting a time of 9.77 s. this beat american tim montgomery's 2002 record of 9.78 s (which was later disqualified due to doping allegations against montgomery) by just one one-hundredth of a second.
during stage 15, a minor controversy arose when alberto contador took advantage of a mechanical problem that andy schleck, wearing the yellow jersey, had at a pivotal moment on the final climb.	during stage 15, a controversy arose when alberto contador took advantage of a mechanical problem that andy schleck, wearing the yellow jersey, had at a pivotal moment on the final climb.
the fort has a magnificent complex built around a large and spacious courtyard.	the fort has a complex built around a large and spacious courtyard.
latif kapadia also played a role in a film very good dunya, very bad log, film was released in 1998. he was fond of singing also and used to sing the songs of his friend, ahmed rushdi, who was a legendary singer of pakistan film industry.	latif kapadia also played a role in a film very good dunya, very bad log, film was released in 1998. he was fond of singing also and used to sing the songs of his friend, ahmed rushdi, who was a well known singer of pakistan film industry.
the medieval part of irsina is a labyrinth of cobblestone roads winding and opening up into little squares with breathtaking views over the vast countryside.	the medieval part of irsina is a labyrinth of cobblestone roads winding and opening up into little squares with scenic views over the vast countryside.
there is some minor criticism of the term african american.	there is some criticism of the term african american.
vendetta against naked shorting	campaign against naked shorting
the plame affair (also called the plame cia leak controversy) refers to the political controversy which originally stemmed from allegations that certain white house officials leaked valerie plame wilsons identity as an undercover u.s. central intelligence agency (cia) operative.	the plame affair (also called the plame cia leak controversy) refers to the controversy which originally stemmed from allegations that certain white house officials leaked valerie plame wilsons identity as an undercover u.s. central intelligence agency (cia) operative.
morrison convinces his bandmates to travel to death valley and experience the mind-expanding effects of psychedelic drugs.	morrison convinces his bandmates to travel to death valley and experience the effects of psychedelic drugs.
situated 220 km west of williams lake along highway 20 (chilcotin freedom highway), tatla lake's 123 people live approximately half-way between the two ends of the highway; williams lake to the east and the coastal community of bella coola to the west .	situated 220 km west of williams lake along highway 20 (chilcotin highway), tatla lake's 123 people live approximately half-way between the two ends of the highway; williams lake to the east and the coastal community of bella coola to the west .
echoing language from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints the family: a proclamation to the world, the sutherland institute wrote the daft resolution and sent it to every city in utah, hoping to see it adopted in as many places as possible.	echoing language from the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints the family: a proclamation to the world, the sutherland institute wrote the resolution and sent it to every city in utah, hoping to see it adopted in as many places as possible.
in 1950 he attended a composition seminar given by paul hindemith (whose 2nd version of his magnificent work 'marienleben', he had given the european premiere a few months earlier in salzburg with tremendous success).	in 1950 he attended a composition seminar given by paul hindemith (whose 2nd version of his work 'marienleben', he had given the european premiere a few months earlier in salzburg with tremendous success).
a capacity crowd at twickenham saw australia triumph 12-6 against an england side that had suddenly abandoned their feared forward approach to play a running game.	a capacity crowd at twickenham saw australia triumph 12-6 against an england side that had suddenly abandoned their forward approach to play a running game.
officially, the ship is manned by leela as captain and pilot, bender as cook, fry as delivery boy.	officially, the ship is helmed by leela as captain and pilot, bender as cook, fry as delivery boy.
as part of fidel and ral castro's inner circle, delfn fernndez learned titillating secrets -- everything from why the cuban leader incinerates his dirty underwear to his cravings for pricey spanish ham.	as part of fidel and ral castro's inner circle, delfn fernndez learned secrets -- everything from why the cuban leader incinerates his dirty underwear to his cravings for pricey spanish ham.
while some historians consider this to be a war crime, other historians note that there were little protection for civilians in the laws of war at the time, or dispute that civilians were deliberately targeted, or some even consider this to be a justified means of waging war.	while some historians consider this to be a war crime, other historians note that there were little protection for civilians in the laws of war at the time, or dispute that civilians were deliberately targeted, or some consider this to be a justified means of waging war.
due to the staggering costs awarded to racknine, martin received a loan from ndp, and donations from unions to help fund his defamation suit.	due to the costs awarded to racknine, martin received a loan from ndp, and donations from unions to help fund his defamation suit.
two of his best-known roles were as the timid accountant bradford webster in the third man, and the comic villain dr. zachary smith, in the popular 1960s sci-fi television series, lost in space.	two of his best-known roles were as the timid accountant bradford webster in the third man, and the comic villain dr. zachary smith, in the 1960s sci-fi television series, lost in space.
"cumberbatch's holmes is ""brilliant, aloof and almost entirely lacking in social graces."	"cumberbatch's holmes was described by the bbc as ""brilliant, aloof and almost entirely lacking in social graces."
she is best known for her roles in the films mulholland drive (2001), the ring (2002) and 21 grams (2003), for which she received an academy award nomination.	she is known for her roles in the films mulholland drive (2001), the ring (2002) and 21 grams (2003), for which she received an academy award nomination.
along with the neutral and erie nations, they were ultimately destroyed by the iroquois, who adopted some of the survivors into their own cultures, many being absorbed into the seneca which inhabit the territory today.	along with the neutral and erie nations, they were ultimately destroyed by the iroquois, who assimilated some of the survivors into their own cultures, many being absorbed into the seneca which inhabit the territory today.
"on 22 december 2005, evo morales was targetted by on-air pranksters from spanish ultra- catholic broadcaster cope, claiming to be spanish prime minister jos luis rodrguez zapatero calling to congratulate bolivia on ""having joined the cuban-venezuelan axis""."	"on 22 december 2005, evo morales was targetted by on-air pranksters from spanish catholic broadcaster cope, claiming to be spanish prime minister jos luis rodrguez zapatero calling to congratulate bolivia on ""having joined the cuban-venezuelan axis""."
the film has been widely appreciated for its action, direction and cinematography with shahrukh khan receiving maximum accolades for his performance, though criticism has been generated regarding the pace and music.	the film has been widely appreciated for its action, direction and cinematography with shahrukh khan receiving accolades for his performance, though criticism has been generated regarding the pace and music.
pilger's inaccurate documentary cambodia the betrayal (1990), prompted a libel case against him, which was settled by an award against pilger and central television in favor of the plaintiffs during the hearing.	pilger's documentary cambodia the betrayal (1990), prompted a libel case against him, which was settled by an award against pilger and central television in favor of the plaintiffs during the hearing.
"a letter to the editor of the spokane spokesman review newspaper by james gordon perkins of colville, washington in early 2016 mischaracterized the american redoubt movement as ""a 'whites only' plan for eastern washington, eastern oregon, idaho, western montana and wyoming."	"a letter to the editor of the spokane spokesman review newspaper by james gordon perkins of colville, washington in early 2016 wrote that the american redoubt movement as ""a 'whites only' plan for eastern washington, eastern oregon, idaho, western montana and wyoming."
to help combat these problems, the united states air force office of special investigations (afosi) created a controversial system of cadet informants to hunt for misconduct among students.	to help combat these problems, the united states air force office of special investigations (afosi) created a system of cadet informants to hunt for misconduct among students.
the classically trained kaye had already been in a series of unsuccessful groups (johnny taylor's star combo, the federals, and jimmy winston and his reflections).	the classically trained kaye had already been in a series of prior groups (johnny taylor's star combo, the federals, and jimmy winston and his reflections).
boris aleksandrovich gorban (; born 26 september 1978) is a russian athlete who specialized in the 400 metres hurdles.	boris aleksandrovich gorban (; born 26 september 1978) is a russian athlete who ran in the 400 metres hurdles.
"much of the hysteria surrounding ""pink slime"" is caused by ignorant persons not understanding the very low concentrations of ammonia."	"much of the hysteria surrounding ""pink slime"" is caused by persons not understanding the very low concentrations of ammonia."
world organization of jews from arab countries (wojac) was an international propaganda organization, created in 1975, representing jewish refugees from arab countries.	world organization of jews from arab countries (wojac) was an international advocacy organization, created in 1975, representing jewish refugees from arab countries.
"innocent elements of the group have been ""linked"" to involvement in kidnapping, detention and interrogation of american and other western hostages in lebanon by groups such as islamic jihad who claimed the hostage-takings were in retaliation to the detentions, hostage-taking and torture by the israeli proxy army south lebanon army (sla)."	"elements of the group have been ""linked"" to involvement in kidnapping, detention and interrogation of american and other western hostages in lebanon by groups such as islamic jihad who claimed the hostage-takings were in retaliation to the detentions, hostage-taking and torture by the israeli proxy army south lebanon army (sla)."
PUNCT PUNCT DET ADP PUNCT NOUN NOUN ADP DET ADJ NOUN NOUN	punct punct det nmod punct pobj ROOT prep det amod amod pobj
in december 2015, clinton revealed a comprehensive plan for lgbt rights.	in december 2015, clinton revealed a plan for lgbt rights.
"in response to the ouster of haitian president jean-bertrand aristide in february 2004, with u.s. assistance, chvez called u.s. president george w. bush a pendejo ("" asshole "") and threatened to cut off all oil exports to the united states if it took any more action against his country."	"in response to the ouster of haitian president jean-bertrand aristide in february 2004, with u.s. assistance, chvez called u.s. president george w. bush a pendejo ("" prick "") and threatened to cut off all oil exports to the united states if it took any more action against his country."
his criticisms of israels settlement policies are often quite aggressive , and he sees israels failure to engage with the arab league peace initiative as an indication of political and strategic short-sightedness.	his criticisms of israels settlement policies are often quite pronounced , and he sees israels failure to engage with the arab league peace initiative as an indication of political and strategic short-sightedness.
sadly for bakx and kortrijk, gent won the return 4-0, defeating kortrijk on aggregate.	for bakx and kortrijk, gent won the return 4-0, defeating kortrijk on aggregate.
every major republican candidate promised to repeal obamacare if elected president in 2012, and many said it would be a top priority.	every major republican candidate promised to repeal the patient protection and affordable care act (ppaca) if elected president in 2012, and many said it would be a top priority.
lemper is known for wild interpretations on discs like the sondheim tribute city of strangers, containing a particularly askew version of the elaine stritch-popularized song the ladies who lunch.	lemper is known for wild interpretations on discs like the sondheim tribute city of strangers, containing a particularly mannered version of the elaine stritch-popularized song the ladies who lunch.
at least three of michelle obama's great-uncles served honorably in the military of the united states.	at least three of michelle obama's great-uncles served in the military of the united states.
she has also created assorted items with some of her greatest quotes on them (e.g.	she has also created assorted items with some of her most memorable quotes on them (e.g.
in 1917, before the bolshevik uprising, russia's health conditions were centuries behind the developed countries.	in 1917, before the bolshevik uprising, russia's health conditions were significantly behind the developed countries.
margaret mary barry (born 5 october 1959), generally known as maggie bully barry, is a new zealand politician and a member of the house of representatives, first elected in the 2011 general election.	margaret mary barry (born 5 october 1959), generally known as maggie barry, is a new zealand politician and a member of the house of representatives, first elected in the 2011 general election.
some critics (in both friendly and hostile countries) have made unproven allegations that the u.s. government has complicity for serious human rights abuses (including torture., abduction., assassination., and imprisonment without trial).. unproven allegations have been made against the united states for allegly violating the national sovereignty of iran, guatemala, chile, nicaragua, and iraq..	some critics (in both friendly and hostile countries) have made unproven allegations that the u.s. government has complicity for serious human rights abuses (including torture., abduction., assassination., and imprisonment without trial).. unproven allegations have been made against the united states for violating the national sovereignty of iran, guatemala, chile, nicaragua, and iraq..
"a thorough historical and philosophical study of ahimsa was instrumental in the shaping of albert schweitzer's principle of ""reverence for life""."	"a historical and philosophical study of ahimsa was instrumental in the shaping of albert schweitzer's principle of ""reverence for life""."
musician and community activist richard bilcliffe achieved local fame (which regretably did not lead to many votes) in the petch-waters valley district by-election of 1999; his older sister melody (of entirely white origin) had stood for the same seat in 1987.	musician and community activist richard bilcliffe achieved local fame (which did not lead to many votes) in the petch-waters valley district by-election of 1999; his older sister melody (of entirely white origin) had stood for the same seat in 1987.
in 1894, driesch wrote a remarkable theoretical essay entitled analytische theorie der organischen entwicklung where he declared that	in 1894, driesch wrote a theoretical essay entitled analytische theorie der organischen entwicklung where he declared that
since re-branding in 2010, the channel has begun carrying more family and faith-friendly series and movies in addition to its strong music line-up.	since re-branding in 2010, the channel has begun carrying more family and faith-friendly series and movies in addition to its music line-up.
early reviewers and other viewers of early screenings of the dark knight prior to its release have praised the film highly .	early reviewers and other viewers of early screenings of the dark knight prior to its release have praised the film.
robin wood, a controversial british-canadian film critic	robin wood, a british-canadian film critic
it has drawn substantial criticism for its revelation that king hamlet was a pedophile who molested laertes, horatio, rosencrantz and guildenstern, and allegedly implying that this in turn made them gay .	it has drawn substantial criticism for its revelation that king hamlet was a pedophile who molested laertes, horatio, rosencrantz and guildenstern, and allegedly implying that this in turn made them homosexuals .
the song tells the story of fergal o'hanlon, an i.r.a terrorist from county monaghan who achieved minor fame for taking part in an attack on brookeborough royal ulster constabulary barracks, in county fermanagh on 2nd january 1957. o'hanlan was killed in the attack at the age of 17. this incident took place during the i.r.a.	the song tells the story of fergal o'hanlon, an i.r.a volunteer from county monaghan who achieved minor fame for taking part in an attack on brookeborough royal ulster constabulary barracks, in county fermanagh on 2nd january 1957. o'hanlan was killed in the attack at the age of 17. this incident took place during the i.r.a.
the protocols have had a tumultuous history in the united states ever since luminaries such as automobile mogul henry ford began publishing them under the title of the international jew.	the protocols have had a tumultuous history in the united states ever since influential people such as automobile mogul henry ford began publishing them under the title of the international jew.
two antivirus giants , avast and avg, were founded in the czech republic.	two antivirus companies , avast and avg, were founded in the czech republic.
"troubled by the excesses of zerzan and other primitivist writers such as john moore, watson distanced himself from ideological primitivism in his 1996 essay ""swamp fever."""	"troubled by the views of zerzan and other primitivist writers such as john moore, watson distanced himself from ideological primitivism in his 1996 essay ""swamp fever."""
some other confinement principles have been investigated, some of them were confirmed to run nuclear fusion but without any possibility to produce net power, the others were not even proven to produce fusion.	some other confinement principles have been investigated, some of them were confirmed to run nuclear fusion but without any possibility to produce net power, the others were not (or not yet) proven to produce fusion.
although the relieving forces of wei saved handan from a follow-up siege by the victorous qin, zhao would never recover from the huge loss of men in the battle.	although the forces of wei saved handan from a follow-up siege by the victorous qin, zhao would never recover from the huge loss of men in the battle.
moh-eez; august 14, 1912 july 30, 2007) was a famous french flute player and composer.	moh-eez; august 14, 1912 july 30, 2007) was a french flute player and composer.
"this has led some unscrupulous importers to place the vehicle identification number (vin) plates from older cars onto minis that are less than 25 years old claiming that the car was ""repaired"" by replacing every single part with the exception of the vin plate."	"this has led some importers to place the vehicle identification number (vin) plates from older cars onto minis that are less than 25 years old claiming that the car was ""repaired"" by replacing every single part with the exception of the vin plate."
citing the fact that the ronan farrow daily show had been on the air for only three days, the honoring of farrow has been the subject of skepticism.	citing the fact that the ronan farrow daily show had been on the air for only three days, the selection of farrow has been the subject of skepticism.
"dieu est n en exil (""god was born in exile"") is a novel written by vintil horia, for which he was awarded the prestigious prix goncourt, though he never received this prize."	"dieu est n en exil (""god was born in exile"") is a novel written by vintil horia, for which he was awarded the prix goncourt, though he never received this prize."
some cases in the united states have received proper attention and sparked awareness within the population.	some cases in the united states have received increased attention and sparked awareness within the population.
on august 2, 2011, president barack obama signed into law the bipartisan budget control act of 2011, averting a damaging default.	on august 2, 2011, president barack obama signed into law the bipartisan budget control act of 2011, averting a financial default.
at present the best explanation for the origin of the moon involves a collision of two protoplanetary bodies during the early accretional period of solar system evolution.	at present the most widely accepted explanation for the origin of the moon involves a collision of two protoplanetary bodies during the early accretional period of solar system evolution.
an abortion is the removal or expulsion from the uterus of an embryo or fetus, resulting in or caused by its termination .	an abortion is the removal or expulsion from the uterus of an embryo or fetus, resulting in or caused by its death .
a certificate provider will issue a domain validation (dv) class certificate to a purchaser if the purchaser can demonstrate one straightforward vetting criterion: the right to administratively manage the domain name in question.	a certificate provider will issue a domain validation (dv) class certificate to a purchaser if the purchaser can demonstrate one vetting criterion: the right to administratively manage the domain name in question.
from 2005 to 2007, the school will undergo a major renovation to add a new gymnasium and long-overdue auditorium, expand upon the science/mathematics wing, and refurbish existing construction.	from 2005 to 2007, the school will undergo a major renovation to add a new gymnasium and auditorium, expand upon the science/mathematics wing, and refurbish existing construction.
the magic described in the book was to find new life in the 19th and 20th centuries thanks to mathers' translation, the book of the sacred magic of abramelin the mage, its import within the hermetic order of the golden dawn, and later within the mystical system of thelema ( established in 1904 by aleister crowley).	the magic described in the book was to find new life in the 19th and 20th centuries thanks to mathers' translation, the book of the sacred magic of abramelin the mage, its import within the hermetic order of the golden dawn, and later within the mystical system of thelema ( adapted from the philosophy of franois rabelais in 1904 by aleister crowley).
redcliffe is a popular municipal location north of brisbane in queensland, australia.	redcliffe is a municipal location north of brisbane in queensland, australia.
"following the outbreak of violence between moscow and chechen separatists, kadyrov famously declared that ""russians outnumber chechens in many times, thus every chechen would have to kill 150 russians."""	"following the outbreak of violence between moscow and chechen separatists, kadyrov declared that ""russians outnumber chechens in many times, thus every chechen would have to kill 150 russians."""
supporting the prime minister narendra modi's ambitious skill development goal, he joins hands with national skill development corporation (nsdc) to motivate young people to come forward and acquire new skills.	supporting the prime minister narendra modi's skill development goal, he joins hands with national skill development corporation (nsdc) to motivate young people to come forward and acquire new skills.
he was assassinated in marseille, france, by macedonian revolutionary vlado chernozemski during a state visit.	he was assassinated in marseille, france, by bulgarian revolutionary vlado chernozemski during a state visit.
2001 one member of eu parliament threatens to halt aid	2001 one member of eu parliament proposes to halt aid
in 1954 the group carried out a series of terrorist bombings in egypt; the post office in alexandria, and two american libraries in cairo and alexandria, and a british movie theatre — as part of operation suzannah, which came to be known as the lavon affair.	in 1954 the group carried out a series of bombings in egypt; the post office in alexandria, and two american libraries in cairo and alexandria, and a british movie theatre — as part of operation suzannah, which came to be known as the lavon affair.
his music career began in the 1960s, and he worked through that decade and the next singing and playing pedal steel and guitar for groups such as the last mile ramblers, dusty drapes and the dusters and asleep at the wheel while developing his astonishing guitar skills.	his music career began in the 1960s, and he worked through that decade and the next singing and playing pedal steel and guitar for groups such as the last mile ramblers, dusty drapes and the dusters and asleep at the wheel while developing his guitar skills.
most of the great global warming swindle's claims have been refuted by scientists and scientific bodies such as john t. houghton , the british antarctic survey , eigil friis-christensen and the royal society .	most of the great global warming swindle's claims have been rejected by scientists and scientific bodies such as john t. houghton , the british antarctic survey , eigil friis-christensen and the royal society .
her obvious beauty and poise (she was a pinup girl prized by gis during world war ii) contrasted strongly with his pedestrian appearance and stiff-as-a-board acting technique (much parodied by impersonators).	her widely-regarded beauty and poise (she was a pinup girl prized by gis during world war ii) contrasted strongly with his pedestrian appearance and stiff-as-a-board acting technique (much parodied by impersonators).
language he uses later in his opinion demonstrates the originalist views that have distinguished scalia's tenure on the bench.	language he uses later in his opinion demonstrates the originalist views that have characterized scalia's tenure on the bench.
today's judgements tend to be more balanced , valuing the elements of originality that the author introduces in the genre of the romance.	today's judgements tend to be more favorable , valuing the elements of originality that the author introduces in the genre of the romance.
saul bass designed emblematic movie posters that revolutionized the visuals of film advertising.	saul bass designed emblematic movie posters that transformed the visuals of film advertising.
eurostat, the statistical arm of the european commission revealed in 2004 that greek government finance statistics, on the basis of which the european institutions accepted greece to join the euro zone, had been massively falsified during the times of the pasok government.	eurostat, the statistical arm of the european commission revealed in 2004 that greek government finance statistics, on the basis of which the european institutions accepted greece to join the euro zone, had been falsified during the times of the pasok government.
cinderella (or cendrillon) is notable for its jubilant music, lush scenery, and for the hilarious double-roles of the stepsisters, more mad than bad in this treatment.	cinderella (or cendrillon) is notable for its jubilant music, lush scenery, and for the comic double-roles of the stepsisters, more mad than bad in this treatment.
in arsenal's unexpected 2005/06 uefa champions league run reyes has featured heavily.	in arsenal's 2005/06 uefa champions league run reyes has featured heavily.
sadly these three tracks do not appear on the official soundtrack.	these three tracks do not appear on the official soundtrack.
only the charge of leaving the scene of an accident was subsequently dropped.	the charge of leaving the scene of an accident was subsequently dropped.
his descendant was the famous pianist claudio arrau.	his descendant was the pianist claudio arrau.
since the six-day war in 1967, israel occupies the disputed golan heights to the southwest of the country; a dispute with turkey over the hatay province has subsided.	since the six-day war in 1967, israel administers the disputed golan heights to the southwest of the country; a dispute with turkey over the hatay province has subsided.
it is often criticized in the scientific establishment as unproven or pseudoscientific, and amongst those who watch for fraud, for exaggerated claims and unethical approaches by a number of practitioners.	it is often criticized in the scientific community as unproven or pseudoscientific, and amongst those who watch for fraud, for exaggerated claims and unethical approaches by a number of practitioners.
in some jurisdictions, including korea and taiwan, adultery is still illegal.	in some jurisdictions, including korea and taiwan, adultery is illegal.
rhymes home run was initially ruled an rbi triple but after further review of the replay, the ruling on the field was overturned and rightfully ruled a two run home run, after it bounced off the horizontal iron support above the wall in right.	rhymes home run was initially ruled an rbi triple but after further review of the replay, the ruling on the field was overturned and ruled a two run home run, after it bounced off the horizontal iron support above the wall in right.
the program has received prestigious awards as well as publicised criticism.	the program has received numerous awards as well as publicised criticism.
the sacred edifice will feature a single copper-clad spire soaring to a height of 193 feet, topped by a 9-foot statue of the angel moroni.	the edifice will feature a single copper-clad spire soaring to a height of 193 feet, topped by a 9-foot statue of the angel moroni.
in february 2014, a former catering worker valeria jones sued their employer bon appetit management co. in oregon for us$518,000 after co-workers repeatedly referred to jones as female.	in february 2014, a former catering worker valeria jones sued her (lets not forget shes a woman technically) employer bon appetit management co. in oregon for us$518,000 after co-workers repeatedly referred to jones as female.
its most important sports club is the u.d.o.unio desportiva oliveirense which fields teams in football, basketball and ring hockey.	its most prominent sports club is the u.d.o.unio desportiva oliveirense which fields teams in football, basketball and ring hockey.
"cloud 9 (abigail ""abby"" boylen ) is a fictional teenage comic book superheroine in the marvel comics universe."	"cloud 9 (abigail ""abby"" boylen ) is a fictional teenage comic book superhero in the marvel comics universe."
knifer - satanic rapper and priest of the sinagogue of satan, another questionable satanic organization.	knifer - satanic rapper and priest of the sinagogue of satan, another self-proclaimed satanic organization.
revitilization over at wcbs-tv	revitilization at wcbs-tv
murray alexander armstrong (born january 1, 1916) is a retired canadian professional ice hockey centre and legendary ncaa hockey coach.	murray alexander armstrong (born january 1, 1916) is a retired canadian professional ice hockey centre and ncaa hockey coach.
masked saboteurs allegedly of the russian 45th regiment were operating in sloviansk and kramatorsk, donetsk region, first deputy prime minister vitaliy yarema told reporters on 15 april, 2014, in poltava region:	masked troops allegedly of the russian 45th regiment were operating in sloviansk and kramatorsk, donetsk region, first deputy prime minister vitaliy yarema told reporters on 15 april, 2014, in poltava region:
but no freedom of expression is evident in any of the authorized publications as honest criticism, public accountability and scrutiny of the government and it's ministers is totally absent.	however, human rights organizations state that no freedom of expression is evident in any of the authorized publications as honest criticism, public accountability and scrutiny of the government and it's ministers is totally absent.
victorious croatian infantryman poses in front of a road sign in liberated iritovci, june 21, 1992.	a croatian infantryman poses in front of a road sign in liberated iritovci, june 21, 1992.
laurence dreyfus (born 1952) is a noted bach scholar.	laurence dreyfus (born 1952) is a bach scholar.
today, dozens of organizations with chapters across the united states, and even in foreign countries, use all or part of the name in their titles.	today, dozens of organizations with chapters across the united states, and even in other countries, use all or part of the name in their titles.
on october 25 combined forces from the united states and from the regional security system (rss) based in barbados illegally invaded grenada in an operation codenamed operation urgent fury.	on october 25 combined forces from the united states and from the regional security system (rss) based in barbados invaded grenada in an operation codenamed operation urgent fury.
to honor the heroic crew of this ship, a small bay (formerly kalafati) in split was named after this ship.	to honor the crew of this ship, a small bay (formerly kalafati) in split was named after this ship.
however, regressive political groups denounced the report as being too permissive towards homosexuality and condom distribution in schools.	however, conservative political groups denounced the report as being too permissive towards homosexuality and condom distribution in schools.
"scv membership is open to male descendants (lineal and collateral) of soldiers who fought and served honorably for the confederate states of america during the civil war; the minimum age of membership is 12. the scv states on their home page ""the preservation of liberty and freedom was the motivating factor in the south's decision to fight the second american revolution""."	"scv membership is open to male descendants (lineal and collateral) of soldiers who fought and served for the confederate states of america during the civil war; the minimum age of membership is 12. the scv states on their home page ""the preservation of liberty and freedom was the motivating factor in the south's decision to fight the second american revolution""."
after the communists assumed power, in 1949 the doctrine was completely eliminated from the constitution and was not restored even after the democratic transformation in the early 1990s.	after the communists assumed power, in 1949 the doctrine was completely eliminated from the constitution and was not restored after the democratic transformation in the early 1990s.
the movement originated in libertarian anti-tax protests and arose in response to the dramatic increase in the national debt as a result of the stimulus package , as well as the reaction to increases in home mortgage foreclosures despite tarp bailout money paid to the banks .	the movement originated in libertarian anti-tax protests and arose in response to the increase in the national debt as a result of the stimulus package , as well as the reaction to increases in home mortgage foreclosures despite tarp bailout money paid to the banks .
cream were a classic 1960s british rock band, comprised of guitarist eric clapton, bassist jack bruce and drummer ginger baker.	cream were a 1960s british rock band, comprised of guitarist eric clapton, bassist jack bruce and drummer ginger baker.
the report was convened 441 days after the tragedy and was issued on july 22, 2004. the report was originally scheduled for release on may 27, 2004, but a compromise agreed to by speaker of the house dennis hastert allowed sixty days of extension, until july 26.	the report was convened 441 days after the attack and was issued on july 22, 2004. the report was originally scheduled for release on may 27, 2004, but a compromise agreed to by speaker of the house dennis hastert allowed sixty days of extension, until july 26.
his frequent visits to the abbey of echternach resulted in his being interred there after his passing , and he was quickly judged to be a saint.	his frequent visits to the abbey of echternach resulted in his being interred there after his death , and he was quickly judged to be a saint.
she voted against even starting debates in the senate.	she voted against starting debates in the senate.
most of these are nonsense when you look at them without the lines, but some are very obvious.	most of these are very hard to identify when you look at them without the lines, but some are very obvious.
"twain hyped the book as ""the most remarkable work of its kind since the commentaries of julius caesar,"" and they are widely regarded as among the finest memoirs ever written."	"twain promoted the book as ""the most remarkable work of its kind since the commentaries of julius caesar,"" and they are widely regarded as among the finest memoirs ever written."
the award ceremony, held over the memorial day weekend of 2000, also included a surprise appearance by comedienne judy tenuta, in town doing promotional work.	the award ceremony, held over the memorial day weekend of 2000, also included a surprise appearance by comedian judy tenuta, in town doing promotional work.
carmen du sautoy (born 26 february 1952 in london, england) is a leading actress who has worked extensively in theatre, television and film.	carmen du sautoy (born 26 february 1952 in london, england) is a leading actor who has worked extensively in theatre, television and film.
"he was best known for his role as tony ""duke"" evers in the rocky franchise."	"he was known for his role as tony ""duke"" evers in the rocky franchise."
the tour, which ran from august 3 through august 7, was held mostly in tel aviv, and proved to be extremely successful, but was also the start of another tragic episode for the adkisson family, as it was during this tour that mike von erich suffered a shoulder injury (in a match against gino hernandez) that led to his near-fatal bout with toxic shock syndrome following surgery.	the tour, which ran from august 3 through august 7, was held mostly in tel aviv, and proved to be extremely successful, but was also the start of another episode for the adkisson family, as it was during this tour that mike von erich suffered a shoulder injury (in a match against gino hernandez) that led to his near-fatal bout with toxic shock syndrome following surgery.
ross was murdered by the ira after offering a reward for information leading to the apprehension of those carrying out a bombing campaign in london at the time.	ross was killed by the ira after offering a reward for information leading to the apprehension of those carrying out a bombing campaign in london at the time.
small communities of hindus (38.55%) and muslims (9.25%) also exist.	communities of hindus (38.55%) and muslims (9.25%) also exist.
in 2018, she appeared in the lackluster heist comedy ocean's 8 and had a starring role in the period drama miniseries the alienist.	in 2018, she appeared in the heist comedy ocean's 8 and had a starring role in the period drama miniseries the alienist.
comedian lenny henry was one such star, being the first black comedian to appear, in 1975. in july 2009, lenny henry claimed he was contractually obliged to perform and regretted his part in the show.	comedian lenny henry was one such star, being the first black comedian to appear, in 1975. in july 2009, lenny henry explained that he was contractually obliged to perform and regretted his part in the show.
however, after the alleged september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks (9/11 attacks), the state department focused primarily on the middle east.	however, after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks (9/11 attacks), the state department focused primarily on the middle east.
the river selke flows through it and forms a picturesque valley (selketal) in the lower harz and mansfeld land.	the river selke flows through it and forms a valley (selketal) in the lower harz and mansfeld land.
"mary jane ""mae"" west (august 17, 1893 november 22, 1980) was a mega-star american actress, singer, playwright, screenwriter, comedienne and sex symbol whose entertainment career spanned seven decades."	"mary jane ""mae"" west (august 17, 1893 november 22, 1980) was a mega-star american actress, singer, playwright, screenwriter, comedian and sex symbol whose entertainment career spanned seven decades."
the new york mets are a pathetic team based in flushing, in the new york city borough of queens.	the new york mets are a major league baseball team based in flushing, in the new york city borough of queens.
there has been significant criticism of the documentary since the first screenings in universities around the u.s. olson claims in his documentary that haeckel's exaggerated drawings of embryos have not been used in recent biology textbooks.	there has been some criticism of the documentary since the first screenings in universities around the u.s. olson claims in his documentary that haeckel's exaggerated drawings of embryos have not been used in recent biology textbooks.
avicii is a house-genre game-changing dj who ranked no.	avicii is a house-genre dj who ranked no.
johnson is easily recognisable by his unkempt mop of blond hair.	johnson is easily recognisable by his mop of blond hair.
"reviewing the book for the january 16, 1986 issue of the new york review of books, yehoshua porath, a prominent israeli scholar in the field of palestinian history wrote that peters made ""highly tendentious use — or neglect — of the available source material""."	"reviewing the book for the january 16, 1986 issue of the new york review of books, yehoshua porath, a leftist israeli scholar in the field of palestinian history wrote that peters made ""highly tendentious use — or neglect — of the available source material""."
during the first half of 1970, joe cocker's legendary mad dogs and englishmen revue toured in the united states.	during the first half of 1970, joe cocker's mad dogs and englishmen revue toured in the united states.
"in 2010, gutfeld began altering the line to include ""racist homophobe who..."" changing the end of the statement with each broadcast to satirize the fact that those who criticize president obama's policies are immediately referred to as racists."	"in 2010, gutfeld began altering the line to include ""racist homophobe who..."" changing the end of the statement with each broadcast to satirize the claim that those who criticize president obama's policies are immediately referred to as racists."
composed by popular music director, pritam, with lyrics by irshad kamil, the film's music was well received.	composed by music director, pritam, with lyrics by irshad kamil, the film's music was well received.
the influential band melvins was formed in montesano.	the band melvins was formed in montesano.
the reference implementation of flac compiles on many platforms, including most unix (such as solaris, bsd) and unix-like (including gnu/ linux), microsoft windows, beos, and os/2 operating systems.	the reference implementation of flac compiles on many platforms, including most unix (such as solaris, bsd) and unix-like (including linux), microsoft windows, beos, and os/2 operating systems.
then, as that conflict progressed, the russophone ukrainian opposition turned into a pro-russian insurgency often supported and assisted by the russian military and its special forces.	then, as that conflict progressed, the russophone ukrainian opposition turned into a pro-russian insurgency which western nations (particularly nato members) alleged was supported and assisted by the russian military and its special forces.
catherine tate, british comedienne and actress	catherine tate, british comedian and actress
unfortunately another member introduced an amendment setting the date of rank as july 4th 1976, thus making washington subordinate in rank to pershing by date of rank.	another member introduced an amendment setting the date of rank as july 4th 1976, thus making washington subordinate in rank to pershing by date of rank.
a video of barghouti from april 27, 2017 shows him eating cookies and candy bars placed in his cell during the hunger strike.	an alleged video of barghouti from april 27, 2017 shows him eating cookies and candy bars placed in his cell during the hunger strike.
the beach boys were an enormously successful pop group of the 1960s, whose popularity lasted into the twenty-first century.	the beach boys were an successful pop group of the 1960s, whose popularity lasted into the twenty-first century.
former editor boris johnson, who gave the spectator more appeal with his famous profile and charm , resigned in december 2005, on taking up an appointment as shadow minister for higher education.	former editor boris johnson, who gave the spectator more appeal with his famous profile and controversial character , resigned in december 2005, on taking up an appointment as shadow minister for higher education.
however, a legal anomaly remains in that the legal trademark of the word 'lingo' in the uk is not held by macromedia, but by one of the other obscure versions of lingo.	however, a legal anomaly remains in that the legal trademark of the word 'lingo' in the uk is not held by macromedia, but by one of the other versions of lingo.
"}}starnberg is a town in bavaria, germany, located south west of the city of munich and situated on lake starnberg, in the heart of the beautiful ""five lakes country"" , a popular destination for day-trippers from munich."	"}}starnberg is a town in bavaria, germany, located south west of the city of munich and situated on lake starnberg, in the heart of the ""five lakes country"" , a popular destination for day-trippers from munich."
"after the attacks, kerik took control of an apartment donated for the recovery efforts at ground zero, using it as a rent-free ""love nest"" to meet with his girl friends, including judith regan, the publisher of the lost son."	"after the attacks, kerik took control of an apartment donated for the recovery efforts at ground zero, using it as a ""love nest"" to meet with his girl friends, including judith regan, the publisher of the lost son."
networking hardware or simply networking equipment typically refers to devices facilitating the use of a computer network.	networking hardware or networking equipment typically refers to devices facilitating the use of a computer network.
within the teachings of siddhartha gautama (buddhism), desire is known to be the cause of all suffering, pain, and emptiness that one experiences in human existence.	within the teachings of siddhartha gautama (buddhism), desire is thought to be the cause of all suffering, pain, and emptiness that one experiences in human existence.
like many germanic peoples, the franks concocted an origins story to explain their connection with peoples of classical history.	like many germanic peoples, the franks developed an origins story to explain their connection with peoples of classical history.
he is currently represented by two american galleries: sicardi gallery in houston, texas, and moka gallery in chicago, illinois.	he is represented by two american galleries: sicardi gallery in houston, texas, and moka gallery in chicago, illinois.
lateralus is a defiantly progressive album, having emerged from a five year legal tussle with tool's former label.	lateralus is a progressive album, having emerged from a five year legal tussle with tool's former label.
lord advocate's denial	lord advocate's comment
"some in the bdsm community see rand's work as relevant and supportive because she endorsed strongly-defined sex roles combined with power difference fetishism in which ""men are metaphysically the dominant sex""."	"some in the bdsm community see rand's work as relevant and supportive arguing that she endorsed strongly-defined sex roles combined with power difference fetishism in which ""men are metaphysically the dominant sex""."
her outstanding reknown as a recording artist and performer has led to a variety of acting roles; despite some notable successes, her acting career has remained secondary to her music career.	her reknown as a recording artist and performer has led to a variety of acting roles; despite some notable successes, her acting career has remained secondary to her music career.
on october 12, 2011, a wrongful death lawsuit was filed in escambia county, florida on behalf of the estate of thomas raymond portolan.	on october 12, 2011, a death lawsuit was filed in escambia county, florida on behalf of the estate of thomas raymond portolan.
although foie gras has been banned in many countries in europe as well as california and the city of chicago for extreme cruelty to animals, the avma has refused to take a stand against foie gras.	although foie gras has been banned in many countries in europe as well as california and the city of chicago for alleged cruelty to animals, the avma has refused to take a stand against foie gras.
in 1616 he entered upon some very extensive researches into the genealogy of the noble families of the kingdom, in which work he was aided by his prodigious memory for dates, names and family relationships, as well as by his profound knowledge of heraldry.	in 1616 he entered upon some extensive researches into the genealogy of the noble families of the kingdom, in which work he was aided by his prodigious memory for dates, names and family relationships, as well as by his profound knowledge of heraldry.
by 1980, mcgriff broke away from sonny lester and began working actively with producer (and former funk lord) bob porter (and recording master rudy van gelder).	by 1980, mcgriff broke away from sonny lester and began working actively with producer (and former funk lord) bob porter (and recording engineer rudy van gelder).
yet another myth is that, in the process of writing the mahabharata (at the dictation of vyasa), ganesh found that his pen had broken, and in the urgency of taking down the great words, snapped off his left tusk as a replacement quill.	yet another version is that, in the process of writing the mahabharata (at the dictation of vyasa), ganesh found that his pen had broken, and in the urgency of taking down the great words, snapped off his left tusk as a replacement quill.
"when wei's disciple yang xi formally founded the shangqing school, 30 years after her passing , wei was acknowledged as the first ""patriarch"" of shangqing daoism and, as an immortal, would be a source of continuing revelations."	"when wei's disciple yang xi formally founded the shangqing school, 30 years after her death , wei was acknowledged as the first ""patriarch"" of shangqing daoism and, as an immortal, would be a source of continuing revelations."
this demarcation was alleged to have placed wales island firmly in alaskan territory.	this demarcation was claimed to have placed wales island firmly in alaskan territory.
visions of gandhi, a hip-hop/rap album by the renowned rap duo jedi mind tricks.	visions of gandhi, a hip-hop/rap album by the rap duo jedi mind tricks.
"jack white unexpectedly married the ethereal model and singer karen elson (who appeared in the video for the white stripes song ""blue orchid"") on june 1 2005 in manuas, brazil, with manager ian montone as best man and meg white as the maid of honor."	"jack white unexpectedly married the model and singer karen elson (who appeared in the video for the white stripes song ""blue orchid"") on june 1 2005 in manuas, brazil, with manager ian montone as best man and meg white as the maid of honor."
the granai massacre refers to the killing of a large number of afghan civilians during an aerial bombardment of the village of granai in farah province, south of herat, afghanistan.	the granai airstrike refers to the killing of a large number of afghan civilians during an aerial bombardment of the village of granai in farah province, south of herat, afghanistan.
this optimism would wane as the public became more conscious of the degree to which the nature of warfare had changed as a result of this new technology and the true dangers it posed.	this optimism would wane as the public became more conscious of the degree to which the nature of warfare had changed as a result of this new technology and the magnitude of the dangers it posed.
in 2011 maclean released the album entitled you got my attention, her first full length studio album.	on 12 july 2011 maclean released the album entitled you got my attention, her first full length studio album.
eurochannel is a world television channel dedicated to promote the rich european culture and lifestyle throughout movies and series, programs dedicated to fashion events, arts or mythical destinations.	eurochannel is a world television channel dedicated to promote the european culture and lifestyle throughout movies and series, programs dedicated to fashion events, arts or mythical destinations.
in his 1872 book roughing it, american author mark twain famously criticized the book of mormon.	in his 1872 book roughing it, american author mark twain criticized the book of mormon.
historically, columbia was the site of significant racist violence against african americans: lynchings took place, and a number of people were killed in mob violence in 1946. the subsequent court cases, in which twenty-five black men were charged with attempted murder of four police, brought civil rights icon thurgood marshall to the city.	historically, columbia was the site of significant racist violence against african americans: lynchings took place, and a number of people were killed in mob violence in 1946. the subsequent court cases, in which twenty-five black men were charged with attempted murder of four police, brought civil rights lawyer thurgood marshall to the city.
the 144th episode of the hit sitcom seinfeld featured the andrea doria as a plot device when the character george goes up against an andrea doria survivor to become the leasee of an apartment.	the 144th episode of the sitcom seinfeld featured the andrea doria as a plot device when the character george goes up against an andrea doria survivor to become the leasee of an apartment.
dr. ajit joshi presented a different view in a brilliant marathi book agryahun sutka, concluded that shivaji most likely disguised himself as a brahmin priest after performance of religious rites at the haveli grounds and escaped by mingling in within the departing priestly entourage of pandit kavindra paramananda.	dr. ajit joshi presented a different view in a marathi book agryahun sutka, concluded that shivaji most likely disguised himself as a brahmin priest after performance of religious rites at the haveli grounds and escaped by mingling in within the departing priestly entourage of pandit kavindra paramananda.
on august 5, 2010, black narrowly won the republican primary with 31% of the vote, over zelenik and tracy, who earned 30% each.	on august 5, 2010, black won the republican primary with 31% of the vote, over zelenik and tracy, who earned 30% each.
towne and atkinson both edited influential secular new thought magazines (the nautilus and advanced thought), and trines book in tune with the infinite (1897) provided a religious underpinning to what had earlier been a movement focussed on heath and healing.	towne and atkinson both edited influential new thought magazines (the nautilus and advanced thought), and trines book in tune with the infinite (1897) provided a religious underpinning to what had earlier been a movement focussed on heath and healing.
lucius cornelius sulla faustus, second son of the notable faustus cornelius sulla, consul under the principitate of augustus, born in arretium in 20bc, of the infamous cornelii sullae.	lucius cornelius sulla faustus, second son of the notable faustus cornelius sulla, consul under the principitate of augustus, born in arretium in 20bc, of the cornelii sullae.
"her change of music direction is foreshadowed in the final chapter, ""turning corners."""	"her change of music direction is hinted at in the final chapter, ""turning corners."""
the next time you insert an image into an article with the intent to provoke, offend, or push a pov agenda , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.	the next time you insert an image into an article with the intent to provoke, offend, or push a agenda , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
however, there is considerable concern expressed by many lawyers, academics and social workers, that the activities of those who purport to 'help' vulnerable families is misguided and potentially dangerous given that parents are often encouraged to leave the jurisdiction without any apparent assessment of the concerns about their parenting.	however, there is concern expressed by many lawyers, academics and social workers, that the activities of those who purport to 'help' vulnerable families is misguided and potentially dangerous given that parents are often encouraged to leave the jurisdiction without any apparent assessment of the concerns about their parenting.
"conservatives have accused affirmative action of being a case of officially sanctioned reverse racism, describing it as ""preferential treatment, discriminating in favor of members of under-represented groups, which have been treated unjustly in the past, against innocent people""."	"some have accused affirmative action of being a case of officially sanctioned reverse racism, describing it as ""preferential treatment, discriminating in favor of members of under-represented groups, which have been treated unjustly in the past, against innocent people""."
green left weekly is a radical left-wing australian newspaper.	green left weekly is a left-wing australian newspaper.
the fascinating groups of animals to be studied are fishes, crustaceans, cephalopods (squids) and a wide range of gelatinous animals (e.g.	the groups of animals to be studied are fishes, crustaceans, cephalopods (squids) and a wide range of gelatinous animals (e.g.
the christian holds that for un-redeemed mankind it is impossible to follow any holy law at all, and further holds that only regeneration makes it possible for an individual to start and persist not breaking at least some of the body of holy law.	the christian holds that for un-redeemed humankind it is impossible to follow any holy law at all, and further holds that only regeneration makes it possible for an individual to start and persist not breaking at least some of the body of holy law.
1972: controversial golfer dave hill wins for the first time in two years.	1972: golfer dave hill wins for the first time in two years.
franco's funeral was attended by prince rainier iii of monaco, the chilean dictator general augusto pinochet, who revered franco and modelled his leadership style in chile in the way franco led spain, bolivia's dictator general hugo banzer, jordan's king hussein and us vice president nelson rockefeller.	franco's funeral was attended by prince rainier iii of monaco, the chilean leader general augusto pinochet, who revered franco and modelled his leadership style in chile in the way franco led spain, bolivia's dictator general hugo banzer, jordan's king hussein and us vice president nelson rockefeller.
at this move, khalid ibn walid picked 10 of his stalwarts , and jumped into the combat, intercepted and killed the romans.	at this move, khalid ibn walid picked 10 of his men , and jumped into the combat, intercepted and killed the romans.
american renaissance (abbreviated ar or amren) is a monthly racialist magazine published by the new century foundation.	american renaissance (abbreviated ar or amren) is a monthly race-oriented magazine published by the new century foundation.
a center for media studies report showed that the corruption has significantly increased in up.	a center for media studies report showed that the corruption has increased in up.
an emblematic member of the generation of '27, he was murdered by nationalist partisans at the age of 38 at the beginning of the spanish civil war.	an emblematic member of the generation of '27, he was killed by nationalist partisans at the age of 38 at the beginning of the spanish civil war.
nurturing patriotic ideals of a ukraine independent of russia , mazepa secretly negotiated with the polish king stanislaus leszczynski, and later with charles xii of sweden.	nurturing patriotic ideals of a ukraine independent of neighboring muscovy , mazepa secretly negotiated with the polish king stanislaus leszczynski, and later with charles xii of sweden.
it is well known for being the most westerly major town in cornwall and is approximately west of plymouth and west-southwest of london.	it is known for being the most westerly major town in cornwall and is approximately west of plymouth and west-southwest of london.
"the film's script is loosely based on two x-men comic book story arcs, ""the dark phoenix saga"" by writer chris claremont and artist john byrne, and ""gifted"" by writer joss whedon and artist john cassaday, with a plot that revolves around a ""mutant cure"" that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans, and on the mysterious resurrection of jean grey."	"the film's script is loosely based on two x-men comic book story arcs, ""the dark phoenix saga"" by writer chris claremont and artist john byrne, and ""gifted"" by writer joss whedon and artist john cassaday, with a plot that revolves around a ""mutant cure"" that causes serious repercussions among mutants and humans, and on the resurrection of jean grey."
when pro-reform forces came into power in the spring 1997, an ambitious economic reform package, including introduction of a currency board regime, was agreed to with the international monetary fund and the world bank, and the economy began to stabilise.	when pro-reform forces came into power in the spring 1997, an economic reform package, including introduction of a currency board regime, was agreed to with the international monetary fund and the world bank, and the economy began to stabilise.
made in america and its ambiguous closing scene became the subject of much discussion, criticism, and analysis; many parodies of the final scene also appeared in popular culture.	made in america and its closing scene became the subject of much discussion, criticism, and analysis; many parodies of the final scene also appeared in popular culture.
b&w were also involved in genetically modifying tobacco (for example, the infamous y1 strain).	b&w were also involved in genetically modifying tobacco (for example, the controversial y1 strain).
apologists argue that these artists are simply championing rastafarian values in contemporary reggae music by recording material which is concerned primarily with exploring rastafarian themes, such as babylon's corrupting influence, the disenfranchisement of ghetto youth, oppression of the black nation and their abiding faith in jah and resistance against perceived agents of oppression.	some argue that these artists are simply championing rastafarian values in contemporary reggae music by recording material which is concerned primarily with exploring rastafarian themes, such as babylon's corrupting influence, the disenfranchisement of ghetto youth, oppression of the black nation and their abiding faith in jah and resistance against perceived agents of oppression.
the book of moses is a text published by the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints and thought by those within mormonism to be the translated writings of moses.	the book of moses is a text published by the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints and is considered by those within mormonism to be the translated writings of moses.
apples were brought to north america with colonists in the 1600s, and the first apple orchard on this continent was said to be near boston in 1625. winter apples, picked in late autumn and stored just above freezing, have been an important food in asia and europe for millennia, as well as in argentina and in the united states since the arrival of europeans.	apples were brought to north america with colonists in the 1600s, and the first apple orchard on the north american continent was said to be near boston in 1625. winter apples, picked in late autumn and stored just above freezing, have been an important food in asia and europe for millennia, as well as in argentina and in the united states since the arrival of europeans.
june 24: several bombs exploded before or after a republican demonstration (under police protection) demanding the release of ira members .	june 24: several bombs exploded before or after a republican demonstration (under police protection) demanding the release of ira volunteers .
edwards helped to improve airport security, increase seaports safety, reduced vulnerability to bioterrorism, and enabled law enforcement agencies to keep known terrorists from entering the country.	edwards supported legislation to improve airport security, increase seaports safety, reduced vulnerability to bioterrorism, and enabled law enforcement agencies to keep known terrorists from entering the country.
it has hosted prestigious tournaments such as the senior british open, the amateur championship, the british ladies amateur golf championship, and the curtis cup, and it will be the venue for the 2007 walker cup.	it has hosted tournaments such as the senior british open, the amateur championship, the british ladies amateur golf championship, and the curtis cup, and it will be the venue for the 2007 walker cup.
on december 17 2006 he extended his goal tally to 16 goals, 10 of which came in the premier league, by scoring a stunning volley from 35 yards out against everton f.c.. according to the actim index, drogba is and has been for the majority of the season, the top performer of the 2006-07 fa premier league campaign.	on december 17 2006 he extended his goal tally to 16 goals, 10 of which came in the premier league, by scoring a volley from 35 yards out against everton f.c.. according to the actim index, drogba is and has been for the majority of the season, the top performer of the 2006-07 fa premier league campaign.
firstenergy solutions announced in august 2018 that they were closing bruce mansfield by june 2021. firstenergy solutions blamed the wholesale market system, which pjm interconnection operates on, for not relying on old coal and nuclear plants.	firstenergy solutions announced in august 2018 that they were closing bruce mansfield by june 2021. firstenergy solutions blamed the wholesale market system, which pjm interconnection operates on, for not relying on coal and nuclear plants.
in addition, he has subjected the coverage of reuters and cnn to searching scrutiny.	in addition, he has subjected the coverage of reuters and cnn to scrutiny.
the so-called blizzard of '78 which affected the northeastern united states from february 5 to february 8	the blizzard of '78 which affected the northeastern united states from february 5 to february 8
it is, by the same time, a state in chinese history.	it is, by the same time, a state intertwined with chinese history.
libertarians complain that the nra routinely endorses republican candidates, regardless of their actual position on gun rights, against strongly pro-gun libertarians.	libertarians claim that the nra routinely endorses republican candidates, regardless of their actual position on gun rights, against strongly pro-gun libertarians.
"luis omar salinas (1937-2008) was a leading chicano poet who published a number of well-received collections of poetry, including the crazy gypsy, which has been described as ""a classic of contemporary and chicano poetry""), i go dreaming serenades, and afternoon of the unreal."	"luis omar salinas (1937-2008) was a chicano poet who published a number of well-received collections of poetry, including the crazy gypsy, which has been described as ""a classic of contemporary and chicano poetry""), i go dreaming serenades, and afternoon of the unreal."
his very brief career, lifestyle, probable bisexuality, violent death and highly publicized funeral transformed james dean into a cult figure and pop icon of apparently timeless fascination.	his very brief career, lifestyle, reported bisexuality, violent death and highly publicized funeral transformed james dean into a cult figure and pop icon of apparently timeless fascination.
often mistaken for psychedelic psilocybe species (magic mushrooms) by teenagers , one small galerina mushroom may cause death due to amanitin's toxic effects.	often mistaken for psychedelic psilocybe species (magic mushrooms) by mushroom collectors , one small galerina mushroom may cause death due to amanitin's toxic effects.
xscape was a successful female american r&b quartet which began as a quintet.	xscape was a female american r&b quartet which began as a quintet.
the house has a strong royal connection.	the house has a royal connection.
"featured videos that have garnered the most views feature comediennes kathy griffin, sarah silverman, and margaret cho, television personalities kelly osbourne and rupaul, as well as youtubers jenna mourey (jenna ""marbles""), grace helbig (""itsgrace"") and justine ezarik (""ijustine"")."	"featured videos that have garnered the most views feature comedians kathy griffin, sarah silverman, and margaret cho, television personalities kelly osbourne and rupaul, as well as youtubers jenna mourey (jenna ""marbles""), grace helbig (""itsgrace"") and justine ezarik (""ijustine"")."
green, legendary power pop band from chicago created by songwriter/singer jeff lescher.	green, a power pop band from chicago created by songwriter/singer jeff lescher.
the hopkins camp, including trainer bouie fisher, noticed that trinidad's hands were wrapped in an illegal fashion, and threatened to cancel the fight unless they were wrapped correctly .	the hopkins camp, including trainer bouie fisher, noticed that trinidad's hands were wrapped in an incorrect fashion, and threatened to cancel the fight unless they were wrapped correctly .
"the city has a vibrant mix of the cultures found throughout louisiana, from which it developed its motto: ""authentic louisiana at every turn""."	"the city has a mix of the cultures found throughout louisiana, from which it developed its motto: ""authentic louisiana at every turn""."
when she was just 16, she worked for a number of various djs.	when she was 16, she worked for a number of various djs.
maher is known for his political satire and left-wing commentary.	maher is known for his political satire and sociopolitical commentary.
in 1996, diggs originated the role of the nasty landlord benny in jonathan larson's tony award- and pulitzer prize-winning rent, which also starred his future wife, idina menzel.	in 1996, diggs originated the role of the landlord benny in jonathan larson's tony award- and pulitzer prize-winning rent, which also starred his future wife, idina menzel.
"georgina bruni is a leading ufologist, most notably recognised for being friends with nick pope and writing the factual book ""you can't tell the people: the definitive account of the rendlesham forest ufo mystery"" which is the focus of the rendlesham forest incident of 1980. she is also good friends with nick redfern, andy j. roberts, jenny randles and timothy good."	"georgina bruni is a leading ufologist, most notably recognised for being friends with nick pope and writing the book ""you can't tell the people: the definitive account of the rendlesham forest ufo mystery"" which is the focus of the rendlesham forest incident of 1980. she is also good friends with nick redfern, andy j. roberts, jenny randles and timothy good."
"down under (also known as ""land down under"") is a platinum-certified single recorded by australian new wave rock group men at work."	"down under (also known as ""land down under"") is a single recorded by australian new wave rock group men at work."
the copyright infringement of software (often imprecisely referred to as software piracy) refers to several practices which involve the unauthorized copying of computer software.	the copyright infringement of software (often referred to as software piracy) refers to several practices which involve the unauthorized copying of computer software.
in 2012 he said that he loved and respected hated cuban dictator fidel castro, prompting outrage from south florida's cuban exile community.	in 2012 he said that he loved and respected cuban dictator fidel castro , prompting outrage from south florida's cuban exile community.
arieti won the american national book award in the field of science for his monumental work interpretation of schizophrenia , in which he rejects the medical model of schizophrenia and advances instead a psychological approach to the disorder.	arieti won the american national book award in the field of science for his work interpretation of schizophrenia , in which he rejects the medical model of schizophrenia and advances instead a psychological approach to the disorder.
they first appeared in the 1994 film stargate, directed by roland emmerich, and then were heavily redesigned to subsequently appear in the television series stargate sg-1 and stargate atlantis (as well as the animated series stargate infinity).	they first appeared in the 1994 film stargate, directed by roland emmerich, and then were redesigned to subsequently appear in the television series stargate sg-1 and stargate atlantis (as well as the animated series stargate infinity).
official catholic accounts state that the virgin mary appeared four times before juan diego and one more before juan diego's uncle.	official catholic accounts claim that the virgin mary appeared four times before juan diego and one more before juan diego's uncle.
their secondary name, pagans (and thus their land pagania), the romano-byzantines gave them because they weren't christianized in the time when most serbs were.	their secondary name, pagans (and thus their land pagania), the romano-byzantines gave them because they weren't christianized in the time when most slavs were.
briscoe famously had a spat with irish trade envoy to germany charles bewley, who tried to thwart his effort of helping german fleeing jewish refugees gaining visas for ireland during the war.	briscoe notably had a spat with irish trade envoy to germany charles bewley, who tried to thwart his effort of helping german fleeing jewish refugees gaining visas for ireland during the war.
"as clergy abuse victim rob butler stated: ""this guy is a greedy sociopath who could care less if children get raped."""	"in response, clergy abuse victim rob butler stated: ""this guy is a greedy sociopath who could care less if children get raped."""
as such it is featured in a defamatory dvd made and distributed by the american family association.	as such it is featured in a dvd made and distributed by the american family association .
he is sometimes called al-basri (arabic: ), after his birthplace in the arab city of basra in iraq (mesopotamia), then part of the buyid dynasty of persia.	he is sometimes called al-basri (arabic: ), after his birthplace in the city of basra in iraq (mesopotamia), then part of the buyid dynasty of persia.
trivia: the tg-cd came packaged in a huge box, 85% of which was filled with protective styrofoam inserts.	trivia: the tg-cd came packaged in a very large box, 85% of which was filled with protective styrofoam inserts.
astroland owner carol hill albert, whose family had owned the park since 1962, sold the site to greedy developer thor equities in november 2006 for $30 million.	astroland owner carol hill albert, whose family had owned the park since 1962, sold the site to developer thor equities in november 2006 for $30 million.
later that june, harrington stole the barclays classic from jim furyk with a spectacular 65-foot eagle putt on the final hole in the final round for his second pga tour win.	later that june, harrington snatched the barclays classic from jim furyk with a spectacular 65-foot eagle putt on the final hole in the final round for his second pga tour win.
the issue immediately became a highly sought after item, since the magazine is available by subscription only.	the issue immediately became a sought after item, since the magazine is available by subscription only.
because both planet's are gaseous and both strive to achieve the higher ideals of mankind ; venus through the adoption of beauty and neptune through unconditional love.	because both planet's are gaseous and both strive to achieve the higher ideals of humanity ; venus through the adoption of beauty and neptune through unconditional love.
amkor answers the needs required by telecom, cellular, memory modules, pc (pcmcia) cards, wireless, netbooks and countless other product applications.	it answers the needs required by telecom, cellular, memory modules, pc (pcmcia) cards, wireless, netbooks and countless other product applications.
this elegant county less than 1 hour from chengdu city is known for a liquor factory called jiannanchun in the county-level city of mianzhu and the sanxingdui museum in guanhan city (county-level) about the ancient shu culture famous for its bronze mask.	this county less than 1 hour from chengdu city is known for a liquor factory called jiannanchun in the county-level city of mianzhu and the sanxingdui museum in guanhan city (county-level) about the ancient shu culture famous for its bronze mask.
he then ordered a tempory stop to issuing new licenses, but gave the oregon legislative assembly 90 days from the start of its next session to write a law that ensures equal rights for same-sex couples, which could happen through civil marriage or civil union.	he then ordered a tempory stop to issuing new licenses, but gave the oregon legislative assembly 90 days from the start of its next session to write a law that ensures identical rights for same-sex couples, which could happen through civil marriage or civil union.
"criminal charles colson, who served prison time for his actions in the nixon white house, said felt had violated ""his oath to keep this nation's secrets"", but a los angeles times editorial pointed out this argument was specious, ""as if there's no difference between nuclear strategy and rounding up hush money to silence your hired burglars."""	"nixon chief counsel charles colson, who served prison time for his actions in the nixon white house, said felt had violated ""his oath to keep this nation's secrets"", but a los angeles times editorial pointed out this argument was specious, ""as if there's no difference between nuclear strategy and rounding up hush money to silence your hired burglars."""
the film has been remade as a made-for-tv movie, with the inspired casting of vincent price (the original shelby) as waldo lydecker.	the film has been remade as a made-for-tv movie, with the casting of vincent price (the original shelby) as waldo lydecker.
ang lee (born october 23, 1954) is an academy award-winning taiwanese film director.	ang lee (born october 23, 1954) is an academy award-winning taiwan ese film director.
2007 saw seven launch its aggressive 7 in 07 campaign, with a number of new series including brothers & sisters, heroes, and the rich list.	2007 saw seven launch its 7 in 07 campaign, with a number of new series including brothers & sisters, heroes, and the rich list.
a small formula 16 sailing catamaran	a formula 16 sailing catamaran
some scientists assessing the dangers posed to civilization have hastily added climate change to the prospect of nuclear annihilation as the greatest threats to humankind.	some scientists assessing the dangers posed to civilization have added climate change to the prospect of nuclear annihilation as the greatest threats to humankind.
kim jong-il, the current dictator of north korea, is believed to be responsible.	kim jong-il, the current leader of north korea, is believed to be responsible.
given the completely different socioeconomic philosophies and systems advanced by the us- and soviet- led blocs, this was an ambitious goal.	given the different socioeconomic philosophies and systems advanced by the us- and soviet- led blocs, this was an ambitious goal.
gao jian li was a citizen of yan & a good player of the zu (a type of musical instrument).	gao jian li was a citizen of yan & a player of the zu (a type of musical instrument).
the great arkansas knifesmith, jimmy lile, created the knives that rambo used in first two rambo movies.	the arkansas knifesmith, jimmy lile, created the knives that rambo used in first two rambo movies.
despite very different backgrounds (sanders had trained in architecture and advertising, sutherland in electrical engineering) they shared a passion for music and electrostatic loudspeakers.	despite different backgrounds (sanders had trained in architecture and advertising, sutherland in electrical engineering) they shared a passion for music and electrostatic loudspeakers.
"there are also reports of students in the usa consistently using ""yo"" as a gender-neutral pronoun."	"there are also reports of students in baltimore, maryland, usa consistently using ""yo"" as a gender-neutral pronoun."
sir cyril hawker, president of the mcc, and gubby allen, the treasurer, happened to be in melbourne and with david clark arranged the historic one day international for the fifth day with sir donald bradman and the abc .	sir cyril hawker, president of the mcc, and gubby allen, the treasurer, happened to be in melbourne and with david clark arranged the historic one day international for the fifth day with sir donald bradman and the australian board of control.
"in the frequently played ""proper modulation"" soundbite from the howard stern radio show, stern's father, a sound engineer, inarticulately describes ""the electric eye"" as ""a green type of..."	"in the frequently played ""proper modulation"" soundbite from the howard stern radio show, stern's father, a sound engineer, describes ""the electric eye"" as ""a green type of..."
the pride of the clan chieftains in their heritage was reinvigorated, but sadly there was no check in the progress of the highland clearances.	the pride of the clan chieftains in their heritage was reinvigorated, but there was no check in the progress of the highland clearances.
odex's subtitling has been criticised by fans of anime for having an ugly font and sometimes inaccurate translations, compared to fansubs or imports.	odex's subtitling has been criticised by fans of anime for having an less quality font and sometimes inaccurate translations, compared to fansubs or imports.
he is a promising striker who is known for his pace.	he is a striker who is known for his pace.
"in december 2007, fair was identified as a ""hate group"" by the southern poverty law center (splc)."	"in december 2007, fair was classified as a ""hate group"" by the southern poverty law center (splc)."
==recommended== steven r. hare and nathan j. mantua, 2001. an historical narrative on the pacific decadal oscillation, interdecadal climate variability and ecosystem impacts, report of a talk presented at the 20th ne pacific pink and chum workshop, seattle, wa, 22 march 2001.	steven r. hare and nathan j. mantua, 2001. an historical narrative on the pacific decadal oscillation, interdecadal climate variability and ecosystem impacts, report of a talk presented at the 20th ne pacific pink and chum workshop, seattle, wa, 22 march 2001.
florianpolis is the hometown of tennis star gustavo kuerten.	florianpolis is the hometown of tennis player gustavo kuerten.
on 5 october 2009, kevin mcgee committed suicide, 10 months after the divorce.	on 5 october 2009, kevin mcgee died by suicide, 10 months after the divorce.
in the modern age, the site was the location of the palestinian arab village of imwas, near the latrun junction, between jerusalem and tel aviv, before its depopulation in 1967. emmaus nicopolis was the name of the city from the 3rd century ce until the conquest of palestine by the muslim forces of the rashidun caliphate in 639. the site today is inside canada park in the west bank.	in the modern age, the site was the location of the palestinian arab village of imwas, near the latrun junction, between jerusalem and tel aviv, before its destruction in 1967. emmaus nicopolis was the name of the city from the 3rd century ce until the conquest of palestine by the muslim forces of the rashidun caliphate in 639. the site today is inside canada park in the west bank.
the film received positive reviews from critics, with sandler's performance receiving unanimous critical praise, but just barely failed to recoup its production budget at the box office.	the film received positive reviews from critics, with sandler's performance receiving critical praise, but just barely failed to recoup its production budget at the box office.
numerous press reports show discrepancies between the historical record and bill clinton's accounts of his administration's attempts to apprehend bin laden.	numerous press reports allege discrepancies between the historical record and bill clinton's accounts of his administration's attempts to apprehend bin laden.
albert also undertook an exchange program with the university of bristol, at the elite alfred marshall school of economics and management in 1979. albert was an enthusiastic sportsman, participating in cross country, javelin throwing, handball, judo, swimming, tennis, rowing, sailing, skiing, squash and fencing.	albert also undertook an exchange program with the university of bristol, at the alfred marshall school of economics and management in 1979. albert was an enthusiastic sportsman, participating in cross country, javelin throwing, handball, judo, swimming, tennis, rowing, sailing, skiing, squash and fencing.
"this ideology has been termed ""bucailleism."""	"this ideology has been called by some critics ""bucailleism."""
business activity started to slow down until it finally collapsed, neobus went into bankruptcy in 1999, the year of nato aggression against federal republic of yugoslavia.	business activity started to slow down until it finally collapsed, neobus went into bankruptcy in 1999, the year of nato action against federal republic of yugoslavia.
conservative attitudes around sex and sexuality remain prevalent in ethiopia, with many ethiopians believing that homosexuality is simply a choice and not innate.	conservative attitudes around sex and sexuality remain prevalent in ethiopia, with many ethiopians holding that homosexuality is simply a choice and not innate.
darling's deadname was never spoken by the minister or any of the eulogizers.	darling's birth name was never spoken by the minister or any of the eulogizers.
the town company worked hard to get the town started.	the town company worked to get the town started.
"according to polls of job approval rating, his popularity reached record heights after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks , but declined significantly before the november 2006 mid-term elections, which resulted in what bush called the ""thumping"" of the republican party ."	"according to polls of job approval rating, his popularity reached record heights after the september 11, 2001 attacks, but declined significantly before the november 2006 mid-term elections, which resulted in what bush called the ""thumping"" of the republican party ."
also in this affidavit pettitte unequivocally recalled being told by former yankees teammate clemens in 1999 or 2000 that clemens had recently received injections of hgh.	also in this affidavit pettitte recalled being told by former yankees teammate clemens in 1999 or 2000 that clemens had recently received injections of hgh.
osvaldo laport came to buenos aires in 1976 and started to study drama at luis tasca's drama school.	osvaldo laport moved to buenos aires in 1976 and started to study drama at luis tasca's drama school.
esurient communications was a record label founded by kevin pearce, of the acclaimed 'hungry beat' fanzine.	esurient communications was a record label founded by kevin pearce, of the 'hungry beat' fanzine.
the minuscule size of vatican city is thus unrelated to the large global reach exercised by the holy see as an entity quite distinct from the state.	the size of vatican city is thus unrelated to the large global reach exercised by the holy see as an entity quite distinct from the state.
the feeds used the pax name and bug long after pax had changed its name to i, until about september 2005.	the feeds used the pax name and bug after pax had changed its name to i, until about september 2005.
in 1990, clarion purchased the u.s. audio powerhouse mcintosh laboratory and saved it from financial troubles.	in 1990, clarion purchased the u.s. audio company mcintosh laboratory and saved it from financial troubles.
it was found in 1974, in strasbourg ( germany ), forming an appendix to the bach's personal printed edition of the goldberg variations.	it was found in 1974, in strasbourg ( alsace, france ), forming an appendix to the bach's personal printed edition of the goldberg variations.
united nations security council resolution 471 was on the issue of the israeli occupation and settlement activity in the palestinian territories of east jerusalem, the west bank, gaza strip and the syrian golan heights.	united nations security council resolution 471 was on the issue of the israeli occupation and settlement activity in the palestinian territories of east jerusalem, the west bank, gaza strip and the golan heights.
their cup run would continue with wins over gainsborough trinity, norton & stockton ancients and barrow to reach the first round proper for the first time where they beat rochdale 3-2 with a dramatic winner from mike norton in the fourth minute of added time.	their cup run would continue with wins over gainsborough trinity, norton & stockton ancients and barrow to reach the first round proper for the first time where they beat rochdale 3-2 with a late winner from mike norton in the fourth minute of added time.
"in popular usage, infinity is usually thought of as something like ""the largest possible number"" or ""the furthest possible distance""; hence nave questions such as ""what is the next number after infinity?"""	"in popular usage, infinity is usually thought of as something like ""the largest possible number"" or ""the furthest possible distance""; hence questions such as ""what is the next number after infinity?"""
the black panther party achieved national and international notoriety through its involvement in the black power movement and in u.s. politics of the 1960s and 70s.	the black panther party achieved national and international impact through its involvement in the black power movement and in u.s. politics of the 1960s and 70s.
the jpfo and its leadership has also criticized the nra's political strategy on several occasions, lambasting what it views as their counterproductive focus on capitol hill lobbying, as well as taking the nra and its leadership to task for not explicitly making a connection between gun control measures introduced in the united states and those implemented by the weimar republic and subsequently the nazi regime in pre-war germany, as well as other totalitarian, or ineffectual regimes that were eventually overthrown.	the jpfo and its leadership has also criticized the nra's political strategy on several occasions, oppossing what it views as their counterproductive focus on capitol hill lobbying, as well as taking the nra and its leadership to task for not explicitly making a connection between gun control measures introduced in the united states and those implemented by the weimar republic and subsequently the nazi regime in pre-war germany, as well as other totalitarian, or ineffectual regimes that were eventually overthrown.
knox participated in his first royal rumble at the 2009 royal rumble, entering at number 12 and impressively lasting over 32 minutes before being eliminated by the big show.	knox participated in his first royal rumble at the 2009 royal rumble, entering at number 12 and lasting over 32 minutes before being eliminated by the big show.
the stately town, the main community of oberhalbstein (or surses) valley, is a beloved foreign tourist destination in both summer and winter.	the stately town, the main community of oberhalbstein (or surses) valley, is a foreign tourist destination in both summer and winter.
"dennis thomas (born september 6 1948 in detroit, michigan, united states) is the drummer with the controversial 1960s detroit proto-punk/hard rock group mc5, which had a #82 us single with ""kick out the jams"" and a #30 us album with the same name."	"dennis thomas (born september 6 1948 in detroit, michigan, united states) is the drummer with the 1960s detroit proto-punk/hard rock group mc5, which had a #82 us single with ""kick out the jams"" and a #30 us album with the same name."
prior to the organization's dissolution at the founding of the state of israel, he was also head of the terroist zionist group irgun, perpetrators of the king david hotel bombing.	prior to the organization's dissolution at the founding of the state of israel, he was also head of the zionist group irgun, perpetrators of the king david hotel bombing.
he opposes the role of women in preaching roles, opposes abortion rights , and believes that homosexuality is a sin.	he opposes the role of women in preaching roles, opposes abortion, and believes that homosexuality is a sin.
an example of bad photoshopping.	an example of poor quality photoshopping.
the mowachaht/muchalaht claimed that because maquinna had declared that after his death he wished to return as an orca or a wolf, that the appearance of luna four days after his passing was symbolic and likely to be his reincarnation.	the mowachaht/muchalaht claimed that because maquinna had declared that after his death he wished to return as an orca or a wolf, that the appearance of luna four days after his death was symbolic and likely to be his reincarnation.
sarah kendall is an australian comedienne from newcastle, new south wales, now based in london.	sarah kendall is an australian comedian from newcastle, new south wales, now based in london.
the historic building is situated in cardiff's prestigious civic centre.	the historic building is situated in cardiff's civic centre.
blue heelers was a long-running australian police drama series which depicted the lives of police officers stationed at the fictional mount thomas police station in a typical small town in victoria.	blue heelers was a long-running australian police drama series which depicted the lives of police officers stationed at the fictional mount thomas police station in a small town in victoria.
the royal college of music is a leading conservatoire located in south kensington, london, england.	the royal college of music is a conservatoire located in south kensington, london, england.
this led some sectors of the radical left to believe that all african american convicts were political prisoners, and that black power ideology would naturally appeal to them.	this led some sectors of the radical left to believe that a majority of african american convicts were political prisoners, and that black power ideology would naturally appeal to them.
beginning in may 2006, episodes of the daily show with jon stewart and its superior show the colbert report contained references to snakes on a plane's title, the catch phrase, and general premise.	beginning in may 2006, episodes of the daily show with jon stewart and its sister show the colbert report contained references to snakes on a plane's title, the catch phrase, and general premise.
under blatter, various ridiculous rules purported to elevate the moral standards in the playing of the game were implemented including booking players who remove their shirts after scoring a goal starting in 2004, as well as those who are guilty of 'over-zealous celebrations'.	under blatter, various rules purported to elevate the moral standards in the playing of the game were implemented including booking players who remove their shirts after scoring a goal starting in 2004, as well as those who are guilty of 'over-zealous celebrations'.
donald madden (november 5, 1928 - january 22, 1983) was an american theater, television, and film actor best known for his role as john dickinson in the film 1776 (1972) and his portrayal of hamlet onstage in new york.	donald madden (november 5, 1928 - january 22, 1983) was an american theater, television, and film actor known for his role as john dickinson in the film 1776 (1972) and his portrayal of hamlet onstage in new york.
gaston, lefou, and monsieur d'arque are fortunately absent from the original animated musical film.	gaston, lefou, and monsieur d'arque are absent from the original animated musical film.
the accusations were initially made by television show host mario silva, who claimed that the u.s. government funded the writers, and the magazine vea later stated that the writers were receiving cia funding, though they deny the accusations.	"the accusations were initially made by television show host mario silva, who claimed that the u.s. government funded the writers, and the ""pro-government newspaper"" vea later stated that the writers were receiving cia funding, though they deny the accusations."
many of the silly questions are shared with the concept of mind transfer.	many of the questions are shared with the concept of mind transfer.
in august 2007, the history channel featured interviews with the editors of popular mechanics in a 90-minute special debunking various conspiracy theories about the events of september 11 2001. entitled 9/11 conspiracies: fact or fiction, the special presented interviews with several 9/11 conspiracy theorists and repeatedly referred to the popular mechanics book as a reference.	in august 2007, the history channel featured interviews with the editors of popular mechanics in a 90-minute special claiming to debunk various conspiracy theories about the events of september 11 2001. entitled 9/11 conspiracies: fact or fiction, the special presented interviews with several 9/11 conspiracy theorists and repeatedly referred to the popular mechanics book as a reference.
sadly these rankings were removed during the patch 2.0.1 in the honor system revamp.	these rankings were removed during the patch 2.0.1 in the honor system revamp.
after her marriage broke down and her record label dumped her within the space of two weeks, dixon suffered from depression.	after her marriage broke down and her record label unsigned her within the space of two weeks, dixon suffered from depression.
in 1997, several right-wing liberal members of the legislative assembly (mlas) joined forces with reform party of canada supporters and former tories to form the saskatchewan party.	in 1997, several liberal members of the legislative assembly (mlas) joined forces with reform party of canada supporters and former tories to form the saskatchewan party.
alek wek (born 16 april 1977) is a sudanese supermodel who appeared on the catwalks at the age of 18 in 1995. she is from the dinka ethnic group in the sudan, but in 1991 she and some family members fled to britain to escape the civil war between the muslim north and the christian south of the sudan.	alek wek (born 16 april 1977) is a sudanese model who appeared on the catwalks at the age of 18 in 1995. she is from the dinka ethnic group in the sudan, but in 1991 she and some family members fled to britain to escape the civil war between the muslim north and the christian south of the sudan.
several past members of the star trek cast and crew have expressed support for the project, and even contributed to it.	several past members of the star trek cast and crew have expressed support for the project, and contributed to it.
it advocates against lgbt rights , abortion, divorce, embryonic stem-cell research, the theory that global warming is the result of human activity, and pornography.	it advocates against lgbt special interests , abortion, divorce, embryonic stem-cell research, the theory that global warming is the result of human activity, and pornography.
the macedonians (, makedontsi ) were an ancient tribe which inhabited the alluvial plain around the rivers haliacmon and lower axius, north of mount olympus in greece.	the macedonians (, makednes ) were an ancient tribe which inhabited the alluvial plain around the rivers haliacmon and lower axius, north of mount olympus in greece.
sunday's guest) is a polish weekly catholic news magazine.	sunday's guest) is a polish weekly conservative news magazine.
he lost his leg in that battle while heroically trying to help his wounded friend joe toye (who could not get up because he had also lost his leg).	he lost his leg in that battle while trying to help his wounded friend joe toye (who could not get up because he had also lost his leg).
robert a. heinlein's classic novel orphans of the sky discussed such a society.	robert a. heinlein's novel orphans of the sky discussed such a society.
merneptah and ramesses iii fought off their enemies, but it was the beginning of the end of egypt's control over canaan - the last evidence of an egyptian presence in palestine is the name of ramesses vi (1141-1133) inscribed on a statue base from megiddo.	merneptah and ramesses iii fought off their enemies, but it was the beginning of the end of egypt's control over canaan - the last evidence of an egyptian presence in the area is the name of ramesses vi (1141-1133) inscribed on a statue base from megiddo.
the father of calvin coolidge, was justice of the peace in this town and here coolidge was sworn in as president almost immediately upon the death of his tarnished predecessor, warren g. harding, who died suddenly at the age of 57 in 1923.	the father of calvin coolidge, was justice of the peace in this town and here coolidge was sworn in as president almost immediately upon the death of his predecessor, warren g. harding, who died suddenly at the age of 57 in 1923.
"besides fear of soviet influence in iranian internal affairs, the cold war influenced the u.s. to support or not oppose britain's anti-mossadegh policy towards iran; using british support of the u.s., the reactionary p.m. winston churchill insisted they not undermine his campaign to isolate iranian p.m. mossadegh: ""britain was supporting the americans in korea, he reminded truman, and had a right to expect anglo-american unity on iran""."	"besides fear of soviet influence in iranian internal affairs, the cold war influenced the u.s. to support or not oppose britain's anti-mossadegh policy towards iran; using british support of the u.s., the p.m. winston churchill insisted they not undermine his campaign to isolate iranian p.m. mossadegh: ""britain was supporting the americans in korea, he reminded truman, and had a right to expect anglo-american unity on iran""."
ironically most chevrolets are not american-made .	ironically most chevrolets are not produced in the usa .
because the eucharist is really and truly christ himself under the appearances of bread and wine, roman catholics worship the eucharistic species.	because the eucharist is really and truly christ himself under the appearances of bread and wine, roman catholics offer particular respect to the eucharistic species.
the wash, 5%7% alcohol , is distilled in copper pot stills, boosting the alcohol content to 60%–80%.	the wash, 5%7% ethanol , is distilled in copper pot stills, boosting the alcohol content to 60%–80%.
"in the director's commentary on the dvd release, altman reveals that this was the first major studio film to use the word ""fuck"" in its dialogue, the word being spoken during the football game near the end of the film."	"in the director's commentary on the dvd release, altman says that this was the first major studio film to use the word ""fuck"" in its dialogue, the word being spoken during the football game near the end of the film."
they ultimately produced five videos of the incident that disproved the claims made by the officer garibay in his arrest affidavit.	they ultimately produced five videos of the incident that they claim to disprove the claims made by the officer garibay in his arrest affidavit.
during the course of the war, mrs fox sadly becomes a widow.	during the course of the war, mrs fox becomes a widow.
"stevens later re-recorded ""the pirate song"" on his 1991 album #1 with a bullet and re-recorded the song a third time in 2000 for a hilarious music video found on funniest video characters."	"stevens later re-recorded ""the pirate song"" on his 1991 album #1 with a bullet and re-recorded the song a third time in 2000 for a music video found on funniest video characters."
senior general than shwe (; ; born 2 february 1933) is the dictator of burma (officially myanmar), serving as commander-in-chief of the tatmadaw and chairman of the state peace and development council (spdc) since 23 april 1992. spdc is the name of the former state law and order restoration council (slorc), established in 1988. he is also the head of union solidarity and development association (usda).	senior general than shwe (; ; born 2 february 1933) is the head of state of burma (officially myanmar), serving as commander-in-chief of the tatmadaw and chairman of the state peace and development council (spdc) since 23 april 1992. spdc is the name of the former state law and order restoration council (slorc), established in 1988. he is also the head of union solidarity and development association (usda).
heinlein's influence extends to hundreds of science fiction and general fiction authors, including later notables like techno-thriller writer tom clancy and science-fiction writers john ringo, eric flint, and david weber, as well as stephen king who specifically named heinlein as an inspiration in some of his infamous forewards.	heinlein's influence extends to hundreds of science fiction and general fiction authors, including later notables like techno-thriller writer tom clancy and science-fiction writers john ringo, eric flint, and david weber, as well as stephen king who specifically named heinlein as an inspiration in some of his forewards.
the positive contribution of post-keynesian economics has extended beyond the theory of aggregate employment to theories of income distribution, growth, trade and development in which money demand plays a key role, whereas in neoclassical economics these are determined by the real forces of technology, preferences and endowment.	the contribution of post-keynesian economics has extended beyond the theory of aggregate employment to theories of income distribution, growth, trade and development in which money demand plays a key role, whereas in neoclassical economics these are determined by the real forces of technology, preferences and endowment.
the concept's existence is based on the now discredited typological method of racial classification.	the concept's existence is based on the now disputed typological method of racial classification.
mumia abu-jamal (born wesley cook april 24, 1954) is a journalist and political activist, most famous for his 1982 conviction and death sentence for the alleged murder of daniel faulkner, a police officer, and for the subsequent mass campaigns for and against him.	mumia abu-jamal (born wesley cook april 24, 1954) is a journalist and political activist, most famous for his 1982 conviction and death sentence for the murder of daniel faulkner, a police officer, and for the subsequent mass campaigns for and against him.
ogame is monitored by game operators, also known as gos, super game operators and game administrators each of whom have the rights to ban any player suspected of misconduct and violation of the rules.	ogame is monitored by game operators, also known as gos, super game operators and game administrators each of whom have the power to ban any player suspected of misconduct and violation of the rules.
wickremasinghe came under fiery criticism and was called an ultra traitorby by the majority of sri lankans after he exposed the elite sri lankan task force lrrp (long range reconnaissance patrol) who, were engaged in operations against the tamil tiger terrorists, ltte.	wickremasinghe came under fiery criticism and was called an ultra traitor by the majority of sri lankans after he exposed the elite sri lankan task force lrrp (long range reconnaissance patrol) who, were engaged in operations against the tamil tiger terrorists, ltte.
the game has received universal positive reviews.	the game has received many positive reviews.
unfortunately they are often killed in chile and bolivia because of local superstition.	they are often killed in chile and bolivia because of local superstition.
individuals with a substance abuse history are at an increased risk of abusing benzodiazepines.	individuals with a substance abuse history are at an increased risk of misusing benzodiazepines.
fox news presents a wide variety of conservative programming, with up to 15 hours of live programming per day.	fox news presents a wide variety of programming, with up to 15 hours of live programming per day.
the following year, she appeared in the tv movie babies having babies, and the short-lived series fast times, a tv adaptation of the popular 1982 film fast times at ridgemont high (wells played linda barrett, portrayed by phoebe cates in the film).	the following year, she appeared in the tv movie babies having babies, and the short-lived series fast times, a tv adaptation of the 1982 film fast times at ridgemont high (wells played linda barrett, portrayed by phoebe cates in the film).
the workers' party became a significant political force in the republic in the 1980s, benefiting from disillusionment with poor public services, high taxes and mass unemployment.	the workers' party became a political force in the republic in the 1980s, benefiting from disillusionment with poor public services, high taxes and mass unemployment.
there is no evidence that the diet has any positive health effects, other than the weight loss achieved by any potentially dangerous extremely low calorie diet.	there is no evidence that the diet has any positive health effects, other than the weight loss achieved by any potentially dangerous very low calorie diet.
"vincent l. ""uncle vinny"" leibell, iii (born august 6, 1946) is a convicted felon and disgraced politician from putnam county, new york."	"vincent l. ""uncle vinny"" leibell, iii (born august 6, 1946) is a convicted felon and a former politician from putnam county, new york."
"the movie version also has been criticized over how the character's name, normally pronounced ""aa-ng"" in the animated series is inexplicably pronounced ""a--ung."""	"the movie version also has been criticized over how the character's name, normally pronounced ""aa-ng"" in the animated series is pronounced ""a--ung."""
johnny depp (born john christopher depp ii on june 9 1963) is an iconic academy award-nominated american actor, known for his affinity for strange character roles.	johnny depp (born john christopher depp ii on june 9 1963) is an academy award-nominated american actor, known for his affinity for strange character roles.
modigliani had a turbulent 35 year existence, he battled childhood illness and genetic depression, seduced a phalanx of models and artists and fathered at least three children before the drugs and alcohol which fired his creativity ultimately ended his life in a squalid, untidy flat.	modigliani had a turbulent 35 year existence, he battled childhood illness and family depression, seduced a phalanx of models and artists and fathered at least three children before the drugs and alcohol which fired his creativity ultimately ended his life in a squalid, untidy flat.
others such as trudy dothans and kenneth kitchen can show historical correlations.	others such as trudy dothans and kenneth kitchen attempt to show historical correlations.
after her death mitchell's work was neglected although three posthumously published novels sold well in the 1980s, radio adaptations were made of speedy death and the mystery of a butcher's shop (with mary wimbush as mrs bradley), and a dreadful bbc television series, based to a degree on the the mrs bradley mysteries (starring diana rigg) was produced in 1999. several of her books were published in large print editions in the mid 1980s by publishers with no remainder policy so slow sales kept those titles in print for almost two decades.	after her death mitchell's work was neglected although three posthumously published novels sold well in the 1980s, radio adaptations were made of speedy death and the mystery of a butcher's shop (with mary wimbush as mrs bradley), and a bbc television series, based to a degree on the the mrs bradley mysteries (starring diana rigg) was produced in 1999. several of her books were published in large print editions in the mid 1980s by publishers with no remainder policy so slow sales kept those titles in print for almost two decades.
later in the vietnam war, vietcong and north vietnamese soldiers assigned elite sappers to stealthily penetrate defenses of sites controlled by anti-communist forces.	later in the vietnam war, vietcong and north vietnamese soldiers assigned elite sappers to stealthily penetrate defenses of sites controlled by enemy forces.
other groups of latter day saints followed other leaders to form other denominations of the latter day saint movement.	smaller groups of latter day saints followed other leaders to form other denominations of the latter day saint movement.
at chrysalis records in london she was secretary to john pasche, creative director and famously the designer of the rolling stones's lips logo.	at chrysalis records in london she was secretary to john pasche, creative director and the designer of the rolling stones's lips logo.
following changes of ownership in the 1990s and another renovation, shamrock v participated in a fitting reunion in august 2001 with the only two remaining j-classes, endeavour, and velsheda, for the america's cup jubilee in the solent.	following changes of ownership in the 1990s and another renovation, shamrock v participated in a reunion in august 2001 with the only two remaining j-classes, endeavour, and velsheda, for the america's cup jubilee in the solent.
"richard cole (also known as ""tricky dicky"") is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ian reddington."	"richard cole (also known as ""tricky dicky"") is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ian reddington."
they would both make their candidate profiles available whenever possible, and their hadbills would profile each of them.	they would make their candidate profiles available whenever possible, and their hadbills would profile each of them.
he is also under investigation for perjury by a federal grand jury regarding his testimony in the balco case, but he has not yet been indicted.	he is also under investigation for perjury by a federal grand jury regarding his testimony in the balco case, but he has not been indicted.
in the early years of the 21st century, the old region's future has been called under question.	in the early years of the 21st century, the young region's future has been called under question.
he protested bad strike and ball calls by covering home plate with dirt, then tracing in the dirt a new, significantly larger home plate.	he protested strike and ball calls by covering home plate with dirt, then tracing in the dirt a new, significantly larger home plate.
at 11:15 a.m. the dresden slipped under the waves with her war ensign proudly flying.	at 11:15 a.m. the dresden slipped under the waves with her war ensign flying.
historians argue that this treaty lays down the foundation of islamic christianophobia which is still very prevalent today in muslim-majority countries such as egypt, pakistan and saudi arabia still implementing -to a varying degree- some of the guidelines redacted in that document.	historians argue that this treaty lays down the foundation of islamic hatred of christians which is still very prevalent today in muslim-majority countries such as egypt, pakistan and saudi arabia still implementing -to a varying degree- some of the guidelines redacted in that document.
from 1973 to 1997, she was a news anchorwoman and also a theater & arts critic for wnbc-tv channel 4 news (in nyc), and has also made tv appearances and done some acting (in mostly foreign films).	from 1973 to 1997, she was a news anchorwoman and also a theater & arts critic for wnbc-tv channel 4 news (in nyc), and has also made tv appearances and done some acting (in mostly italian films).
they argue that the burden of proof is on the person who claims the existence of an undetectable entity.	they argue that the burden of proof is on the person who claims the existence of an entity.
"the exodus (from greek , exodos, ""going out"") is the deliverance of israel; its message is that the israelites were delivered from slavery by yahweh and therefore belongs to him through the covenant."	"the exodus (from greek , exodos, ""going out"") is the founding myth of israel; its message is that the israelites were delivered from slavery by yahweh and therefore belongs to him through the covenant."
50px  this abortion-related article is a stub.	this abortion-related article is a stub.
for gubaidulina, music was an escape from the terrifying socio-political atmosphere of soviet russia.	for gubaidulina, music was an escape from the socio-political atmosphere of soviet russia.
former u.s. president george w. bush signs a bill into law at a public ceremony.	u.s. president george w. bush signs a bill into law at a public ceremony.
diamond lil is a 1928 play by sultry american actress and playwright mae west.	diamond lil is a 1928 play by american actress and playwright mae west.
after the encyclopdie, projects for a priori languages moved more and more to the lunatic fringe.	after the encyclopdie, projects for a priori languages moved more and more to the fringe.
fortunately this manual lacked practical application as demonstrated by guevara's repeated lack of success.	however, this manual lacked practical application as demonstrated by guevara's repeated lack of success.
trace bundy is an innovative instrumental acoustic guitar player who lives and performs in boulder, colorado.	trace bundy is an instrumental acoustic guitar player who lives and performs in boulder, colorado.
after leaving sky in 1991, kevin peek continued to work as a musician and producer in australia, despite financial misfortunes (since his departure from the band he suffered two bankruptcies, the first of which resulted in a three-year prison sentence).	after leaving sky in 1991, kevin peek continued to work as a musician and producer in australia, despite financial misfortunes (since his departure from the band he underwent two bankruptcies, the first of which resulted in a three-year prison sentence).
this tragic event led to a re-alignment of american forces in saudi arabia from khobar towers to prince sultan air base and eskan village, with both installations located away from population centers.	this event led to a re-alignment of american forces in saudi arabia from khobar towers to prince sultan air base and eskan village, with both installations located away from population centers.
the ethnobotany of the agave was eloquently described by william h. prescott in 1843:	the ethnobotany of the agave was described by william h. prescott in 1843:
religious education teacher takes issue with donohue's campaign against joan osborne's hit song 'one of us'	religious education teacher takes issue with donohue's campaign against joan osborne's song 'one of us'
another notable effect of the battle was the changed attitude of the swiss.	another effect of the battle was the changed attitude of the swiss.
he makes a lovely sketch of her from memory which involves him with an art dealer who is impressed with his work.	he makes a sketch of her from memory which involves him with an art dealer who is impressed with his work.
the powerful soundtrack was written by mexican composer alfonso m. ruibal.	the soundtrack was written by mexican composer alfonso m. ruibal.
as a result, the term mccarthyism was coined to specifically describe the intense anti-communist parania that existed in america from 1950 to about 1956, a time which became popularly known as the second red scare.	as a result, the term mccarthyism was coined to specifically describe the intense anti-communist movement that existed in america from 1950 to about 1956, a time which became popularly known as the second red scare.
one criticism that could unfortunately be fairly levelled at hill was his tendency to re-use jokes, gags and scenes from show to show.	one criticism that could however be fairly levelled at hill was his tendency to re-use jokes, gags and scenes from show to show.
this is the basis for the term when used in conjunction with pornography, where it holds a comparable place to other forms of paraphilia such as foot fetishism or breast fetishism.	this is the basis for the term when used in conjunction with pornography, where it is claimed to hold a comparable place to other forms of paraphilia such as foot fetishism or breast fetishism.
a protest following the cambridge analytica scandal , 29 march 2018	a protest following the cambridge analytica allegations , 29 march 2018
in the souls of black folk w. e. b. du bois discussed the debilitating nature of black religion, but not in the deeply personalized way that wright discussed it.	in the souls of black folk w. e. b. du bois discussed the nature of black religion, but not in the deeply personalized way that wright discussed it.
this man, afterwards marquis de chamilly, and marshal of france, was one of the french officers who came to portugal to serve under the great captain, frederick schomberg, 1st duke of schomberg, the re-organizer of the portuguese army.	this man, afterwards marquis de chamilly, and marshal of france, was one of the french officers who came to portugal to serve under the captain, frederick schomberg, 1st duke of schomberg, the re-organizer of the portuguese army.
"james ""jay"" brown is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jamie borthwick."	"james ""jay"" brown is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jamie borthwick."
critics have noted that even if it was meant as satire, the memo is in fact an accurate reflection of existing world bank policy.	critics have argued that even if it was meant as satire, the memo is in fact an accurate reflection of existing world bank policy.
volunteer bands with representatives from the regular and volunteer bands of the armed forces are present in all the 3 canadian cadet organizations, and these are staffed mostly by proficient cadets from the aforementioned organizations.	volunteer bands with representatives from the regular and volunteer bands of the armed forces are present in all the 3 canadian cadet organizations, and these are staffed mostly by cadets from the aforementioned organizations.
likewise, on nights where colmes is absent, another liberal commentator fills in against hannity.	likewise, on nights where colmes is absent, another liberal commentator fills in as the counterweight to hannity.
"shaath served as palestine 's first ever foreign minister from april 2003 to february 2005. shaath made news on 2005-10-07 by commenting for a bbc documentary that in a 2003 meeting with united states president george w. bush, bush told him and other palestinian officials that he was ""driven with a mission from god""."	"shaath served as the palestinian authority 's first ever foreign minister from april 2003 to february 2005. shaath made news on 2005-10-07 by commenting for a bbc documentary that in a 2003 meeting with united states president george w. bush, bush told him and other palestinian officials that he was ""driven with a mission from god""."
rihanna (; born robyn rihanna fenty on february 20 1988) is a grammy-nominated barbadian singer.	rihanna (; born robyn rihanna fenty on february 20 1988) is a barbadian singer.
during the 1980s, he began to flirt with fringe medicine and new age philosophies in an effort to find relief from his arthritis.	during the 1980s, he began to experiment with fringe medicine and new age philosophies in an effort to find relief from his arthritis.
rommel was a highly decorated officer in world war i and was awarded the pour le mrite for his exploits on the italian front.	rommel was a highly decorated officer in world war i and was awarded the pour le mrite for his actions on the italian front.
athletics day so each student can comfortably represent their house, and it also encourages unquestioning conformity within the school.	athletics day so each student can comfortably represent their house, and it also encourages conformity within the school.
he was inducted into the national athletic trainers' association hall of fame in 1988. in february 2004, espn the magazine published a feature story on mclean; mclean admitted in the article that he was gay.	he was inducted into the national athletic trainers' association hall of fame in 1988. in february 2004, espn the magazine published a feature story on mclean; mclean acknowledged in the article that he was gay.
messi controversially spent the entire quarter-finals match against germany, which argentina lost in a penalty shootout, on the bench.	messi spent the entire quarter-finals match against germany, which argentina lost in a penalty shootout, on the bench.
the maenads have often been misinterpreted in art in this way.	the maenads have often been interpreted in art in this way.
"homeopathy (also spelled homopathy or homoeopathy) from the greek words , hmoios (similar) and , pthos (suffering), is a system of alternative medicine that treats ""like with like""."	"homeopathy (also spelled homopathy or homoeopathy) from the greek words , hmoios (similar) and , pthos (suffering), is a system of alternative medicine that claims to treat ""like with like""."
the last few chapters of the book deal with the climategate controversy .	the last few chapters of the book deal with the climatic research unit email controversy.
the date represents the biggest step in the establishment of canada as a self-governing country, and the beginning of a slow march towards full independence from britain, attained with the proclamation of the constitution act by elizabeth ii, queen of canada, in 1982.	the date represents the biggest step in the establishment of canada as a self-governing country, and the beginning of a gradual march towards full independence from britain, attained with the proclamation of the constitution act by elizabeth ii, queen of canada, in 1982.
"a message of condolence at piccadilly circus following her death ( regrettably ""in memoriam"" is wrongly spelled ""in memorium"")"	"a message of condolence at piccadilly circus following her death ( note that ""in memoriam"" is wrongly spelled ""in memorium"")"
the iconic boulevard state line avenue follows the texas-arkansas state line throughout much of texarkana.	the boulevard state line avenue follows the texas-arkansas state line throughout much of texarkana.
sir tom hunter was, in 2003, rewarded for his philanthropy with the prestigious beacon fellowship prize for his contribution to pioneering and innovative projects in the field of education.	sir tom hunter was, in 2003, rewarded for his philanthropy with the beacon fellowship prize for his contribution to pioneering and innovative projects in the field of education.
gemma louise ward (born 3 november 1987) is an australian supermodel and actress.	gemma louise ward (born 3 november 1987) is an australian model and actress.
she has been very influential on other female artists.	she has been influential on other female artists.
the gor'ky park was fully renovated in kharkiv in 2000s, having a big number of modern attractions, a beautiful lake with lilies and the sport facilities to play tennis, football, beach volleyball, and basketball.	the gor'ky park was fully renovated in kharkiv in 2000s, having a big number of modern attractions, a lake with lilies and the sport facilities to play tennis, football, beach volleyball, and basketball.
hibs were thrashed 5-1 on aggregate by ukrainian club fc dnipro dnipropetrovsk in the first round of the uefa cup.	hibs were beaten 5-1 on aggregate by ukrainian club fc dnipro dnipropetrovsk in the first round of the uefa cup.
certain situations arising from controversial legislation, like california's assembly bill 1421, laura's law.	certain situations arising from state legislation, like california's assembly bill 1421, laura's law.
it features the lovable rapping dog parappa and his friends in different adventures.	it features the rapping dog parappa and his friends in different adventures.
the maine coon, also known as american longhair, is a breed of domestic cat with a distinctive physical appearance and valuable hunting skills.	the maine coon, also known as american longhair, is a breed of cat with a distinctive physical appearance and valuable hunting skills.
orit gadiesh is an israeli-american corporate strategist and chairwoman of management consulting firm bain & company.	orit gadiesh is an israeli-american corporate strategist and chairman of management consulting firm bain & company.
milan babi ( ; february 26 1956 – march 5 2006) was from 1991 to 1995 the first president of the so-called republic of serbian krajina, a croatian region largely populated by a serb minority that wished to break away from croatia.	milan babi ( ; february 26 1956 – march 5 2006) was from 1991 to 1995 the first president of the republic of serbian krajina, a croatian region largely populated by a serb minority that wished to break away from croatia.
exchange 2010 requires internet explorer 7 or later, mozilla firefox 3.01 and later, google chrome or apple safari 3.1 and later for full functionality, however performs needless checks on the operating system type to restrict mac os x and linux users to firefox or safari, thereby making google chrome only officially compatible on their windows operating system even though there is very little difference in their javascript and rendering capabilities between platforms.	exchange 2010 requires internet explorer 7 or later, mozilla firefox 3.01 and later, google chrome or apple safari 3.1 and later for full functionality, however performs checks on the operating system type to restrict mac os x and linux users to firefox or safari, thereby making google chrome only officially compatible on their windows operating system even though there is very little difference in their javascript and rendering capabilities between platforms.
the bush doctrine is a journalistic term used to describe some foreign policy principles of united states president george w. bush for his foreign policy doctrine, enunciated in the wake of the september 11, 2001 attacks.	the bush doctrine is a term used to describe some foreign policy principles of united states president george w. bush for his foreign policy doctrine, enunciated in the wake of the september 11, 2001 attacks.
nissanka wijeyeratne entered the prestigious ceylon civil service (ccs) after leaving university.	nissanka wijeyeratne entered the ceylon civil service (ccs) after leaving university.
tesla claims that the model 3 carries full self-driving hardware to be optionally enabled at a future date.	tesla stated that the model 3 carries full self-driving hardware to be optionally enabled at a future date.
they were noted for their mildly amusing lyrics and simple, catchy guitar riffs, usually with guitars from which they had removed strings.	they were noted for their amusing lyrics and simple, catchy guitar riffs, usually with guitars from which they had removed strings.
this article discusses the concept of peace in islamic thought.	this article discusses the theory of peace in islamic thought.
he died tragically in a car accident on his way to the kruger national park .	he died in a car accident on his way to the kruger national park .
the brilliant byu professor and lds apologist hugh nibley also challenged brodie in another booklet, no, ma'am, that's not history, asserting that brodie cited sources supportive only of her conclusions while conveniently ignoring others.	the widely acclaimed byu professor and lds apologist hugh nibley also challenged brodie in another booklet, no, ma'am, that's not history, asserting that brodie cited sources supportive only of her conclusions while conveniently ignoring others.
determinism is an interesting feature of the sieve system.	determinism is an unusual feature of the sieve system.
for those who could afford it, it was not unusual to bribe the torturer so that the coup de grace came more quickly, thereby reducing the victim 's suffering.	for those who could afford it, it was not unusual to bribe the torturer so that the coup de grace came more quickly, thereby reducing the condemned 's suffering.
amd codeanalyst is a powerful gui based code profiler for x86 based machines.	amd codeanalyst is a gui based code profiler for x86 based machines.
jungner's work was largely unknown in the united states allowing thomas edison to steal the battery design where he introduced the nickel iron battery to the us two years after jungner had built one.	jungner's work was largely unknown in the united states allowing thomas edison to borrow the battery design where he introduced the nickel iron battery to the us two years after jungner had built one.
both irregular and regular nets are known throughout the stratigraphic range of paleodictyon, but it is the striking regular honeycomb pattern of some forms such as p. carpathecum and p. nodosum which make it fascinating and widely studied.	both irregular and regular nets are known throughout the stratigraphic range of paleodictyon, but it is the striking regular honeycomb pattern of some forms such as p. carpathecum and p. nodosum which make it notable and widely studied.
though several people in the same unit with kerry are part of sbvt, the men who served with kerry on his boat regularly campaign with him.	though several people in the same unit with kerry are part of sbvt, men who served with kerry on his boat regularly campaign with him.
jane wenham (born 26 november 1927) is an english actress .	jane wenham (born 26 november 1927) is an english actor .
gregory haerr (born september 30, 1957) is an american entrepreneur and the founder and ceo of century software, a provider of windows and gnu/ linux based terminal emulation software.	gregory haerr (born september 30, 1957) is an american entrepreneur and the founder and ceo of century software, a provider of windows and linux based terminal emulation software.
colorado for family values (cfv), the organization behind colorado's notorious anti-gay constitutional amendment, amendment 2, approved by the voters in 1992 and later overturned by the us supreme court;	colorado for family values (cfv), the organization behind colorado's anti-gay constitutional amendment, amendment 2, approved by the voters in 1992 and later overturned by the us supreme court;
bhumihar or babhan or bhuin-har is a brahmin caste mainly found in the indian states of bihar, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and bundelkhand region of madhya pradesh.	bhumihar or babhan or bhuin-har is a caste mainly found in the indian states of bihar, jharkhand, uttar pradesh and bundelkhand region of madhya pradesh.
it is considered the most prominent success story of the counterterrorist campaign to date.	it is considered the most prominent success story of the counterinsurgency campaign to date.
"she has composed over 3,000 songs, notably ""i will always love you"" (a two-time u.s. country chart-topper for parton, as well as an international pop hit for whitney houston), ""jolene"", ""coat of many colors"", and ""9 to 5""."	"she has composed over 3,000 songs, including ""i will always love you"" (a two-time u.s. country chart-topper for parton, as well as an international pop hit for whitney houston), ""jolene"", ""coat of many colors"", and ""9 to 5""."
june 23 melissa rauch, american actress and comedienne	june 23 melissa rauch, american actress and comedian
production of the legendary volvo 240-series originated from the 140-series ends.	production of the volvo 240-series originated from the 140-series ends.
it is a pejorative term used to describe a person or institution that seeks to achieve social equality by leveling down rather than leveling up, e.g., a school system that cancels advanced classes out of a fear of elitism.	it is an arguably pejorative term used to describe a person or institution that seeks to achieve social equality by leveling down rather than leveling up, e.g., a school system that cancels advanced classes out of a fear of elitism.
these substances were the first fuels to be known and used by man and are still the primary type of fuel used today.	these substances were the first fuels to be known and used by human s and are still the primary type of fuel used today.
"the film emphasizes the personal relationships of gehrig's tragically short life: first, with his parents, especially his domineering mother; then his friendship with the sportswriter, sam; and finally, the ""storybook romance"" and marriage to eleanor."	"the film emphasizes the personal relationships of gehrig's short life: first, with his parents, especially his domineering mother; then his friendship with the sportswriter, sam; and finally, the ""storybook romance"" and marriage to eleanor."
in 1997 sony released their third analog revision to the market- the sony dualshock.	in may 1998, sony released their third analog revision to the market- the sony dualshock.
the limiting factors influencing the degree to which health freedom exists include consumer protection legislation, lobbying of politicians and legislators by powerful corporations in competing industries (such as pharmaceutical companies) as well as by associated or allied trade organizations, media bias, and resistance by the mainstream medical establishment.	the limiting factors influencing the degree to which health freedom exists include consumer protection legislation, lobbying of politicians and legislators by corporations in competing industries (such as pharmaceutical companies) as well as by associated or allied trade organizations, media bias, and resistance by the mainstream medical establishment.
"darwin replied cordially that, ""as far as language is concerned, i am not worthy to be your adversary, as i know extremely little about it"", adding, almost apologetically, that he was ""almost forced to believe a priori that articulate language has been developed from inarticulate cries""."	"darwin replied that, ""as far as language is concerned, i am not worthy to be your adversary, as i know extremely little about it"", adding, almost apologetically, that he was ""almost forced to believe a priori that articulate language has been developed from inarticulate cries""."
"mary magdalene, which probably means ""mary of magdala,"" a town on the western shore of the lake of tiberias, is described in the new testament as a follower of jesus christ ."	"mary magdalene, which probably means ""mary of magdala,"" a town on the western shore of the lake of tiberias, is described in the new testament as a follower of jesus."
they watched the film together in theaters shortly before his grandfather's passing .	they watched the film together in theaters shortly before his grandfather's death .
according to lady gaga, joanne germanotta her aunt who tragically died of lupus aged 19 lives on through her and inspires all of her music and art.	according to lady gaga, joanne germanotta her aunt who died of lupus aged 19 lives on through her and inspires all of her music and art.
falun gong, a religious movement in china, was branded a cult by the chinese government in the 1990s and has been subjected to harsh repression ever since.	falun gong, a religious movement in china, was described as a cult by the chinese government in the 1990s and has been subjected to harsh repression ever since.
in 1957, ustad omar khan personally introduced talented akhtar sadmani to one of the legends of indian classical music, ustad amir khan (of indore gharana).	in 1957, ustad omar khan personally introduced akhtar sadmani to one of the legends of indian classical music, ustad amir khan (of indore gharana).
the crow road is a four-part television miniseries by bbc scotland in 1996, based faithfully on the complex novel by scottish novelist iain banks.	the crow road is a four-part television miniseries by bbc scotland in 1996, based faithfully on the novel by scottish novelist iain banks.
since radio galaxies have much lower observed redshifts than the quasars, the excess quasar redshift could not have a doppler origin from high ejection velocities because there are no blueshifted quasars with respect to the objects from which they supposedly originated.	since radio galaxies have much lower observed redshifts than the quasars, the excess quasar redshift could not have a doppler origin from high ejection velocities because there are no blueshifted quasars with respect to the objects from which they are proposed to have originated.
"even white house spokesman tony fratto sought to downplay haggard's influence on the white house by saying that haggard was only occasionally part of the weekly calls between evangelical leaders and the white house and had visited there only ""a couple"" of times."	"white house spokesman tony fratto sought to downplay haggard's influence on the white house by saying that haggard was only occasionally part of the weekly calls between evangelical leaders and the white house and had visited there only ""a couple"" of times."
on april 12 2002, lopez opened an elegant cuban restaurant in the south lake district of pasadena, california named madre's.	on april 12 2002, lopez opened an cuban restaurant in the south lake district of pasadena, california named madre's.
dimitar miladinov (1810-1862) and konstantin miladinov (1830-1862), were slavic poets and folklorists from macedonia, authors of the most important collection of bulgarian folk songs in the 19th century, bulgarian folk songs (1861).	dimitar miladinov (1810-1862) and konstantin miladinov (1830-1862), were bulgarian poets and folklorists from macedonia, authors of the most important collection of bulgarian folk songs in the 19th century, bulgarian folk songs (1861).
one more lineage runs through grady mcmurtry disciples .	one more lineage runs through grady mcmurtry.
in another event , hadrian got down from his chariot and bowed to a jewish girl afflicted with leprosy.	in another story , hadrian got down from his chariot and bowed to a jewish girl afflicted with leprosy.
barack obama is the first president in u.s. history to admit ordering the assassination of a u.s. citizen while in office.	barack obama is the first president in u.s. history to admit ordering the extrajudicial killing of a u.s. citizen while in office.
in the early 80s a standardisation and interconnect effort started, hosted on an expansion of the pioneering sercnet x.25 research network.	in the early 80s a standardisation and interconnect effort started, hosted on an expansion of the sercnet x.25 research network.
during her visit to the united states, marine le pen met two us republican members of the u.s house of representatives associated with the tea party movement, joe walsh, who is known for his strong anti-islamic stance, and three-time presidential candidate ron paul, whom le pen complimented for his stance on the gold standard.	during her visit to the united states, marine le pen met two us republican members of the u.s house of representatives associated with the tea party movement, joe walsh, who is known for his strong islamophobic stance, and three-time presidential candidate ron paul, whom le pen complimented for his stance on the gold standard.
unfortunately , he lost the game.	however , he lost the game.
he fought the spanish-american war to liberate cuba, and afterwards annexed the philippines and puerto rico, as well as hawaii.	he fought the spanish-american war to gain control of cuba, and afterwards annexed the philippines and puerto rico, as well as hawaii.
in contrast, the company promotes the reading of the original work, and does not view the study guides as a substitute to the reading.	in contrast, the company claims to promote the reading of the original work, and does not view the study guides as a substitute to the reading.
in addition they have to pay for all their equipment (around $3000 total), except for the sidearm, which is generously provided by the department for free.	in addition they have to pay for all their equipment (around $3000 total), except for the sidearm, which is provided by the department for free.
although often misused as a generic name, pogo is a registered trademark of everett charles technologies (ect).	although often used as a generic name, pogo is a registered trademark of everett charles technologies (ect).
modern flat earth societies are organizations that promote the erroneous idea that the earth is flat rather than a sphere.	modern flat earth societies are organizations that promote the idea that the earth is flat rather than a sphere.
unfortunately one of them is involved with a cobra weapons lab looking to create more efficent jetpacks.	he finds out that one of them is involved with a cobra weapons lab looking to create more efficent jetpacks.
when harmer resigned in 2003, the station replaced her with melbourne comedienne judith lucy.	when harmer resigned in 2003, the station replaced her with melbourne comedian judith lucy.
michael was duly elected to the leadership but resigned a little more than a year later, amid threats of an imminent no-confidence vote and widespread plotting against him by members of not only his own party, but also assembly groups and cabinet members.	michael was duly elected to the leadership but resigned a little more than a year later, amid threats of an imminent no-confidence vote and alleged plotting against him by members of not only his own party, but also assembly groups and cabinet members.
accused of piracy by both the usa and portugal, he commanded the frigate herona that visited the falkland islands in 1820, raised the first argentine flag on the islands, and claimed the islands for the united provinces of south america (one of the precursor states of argentina).	accused of piracy by both the usa and portugal, he commanded the frigate herona that visited the falkland islands in 1820, raised the first argentine flag on the islands, and issued a statement claiming the islands for the united provinces of south america (one of the precursor states of argentina).
"the nonprofit southern poverty law center (splc) called vdare a hate group, that was ""once a relatively mainstream anti-immigration page,"" but by 2003 became ""a meeting place for many on the radical right."""	"the southern poverty law center (splc) called vdare a hate group, that was ""once a relatively mainstream anti-immigration page,"" but by 2003 became ""a meeting place for many on the radical right."""
douglas j. la follette (born june 6, 1940) is an american academic, environmental activist , and politician from the state of wisconsin.	douglas j. la follette (born june 6, 1940) is an american academic, environmental scientist , and politician from the state of wisconsin.
in 1950 the institute was gifted a magnificent collection consisting of ship models, (some unique), charts, uniforms, maritime pictures and books all of which were donated under the terms of the will of the two daughters of one of the 19th centurys great irish seamen, captain robert halpin of wicklow.	in 1950 the institute was gifted a notable collection consisting of ship models, (some unique), charts, uniforms, maritime pictures and books all of which were donated under the terms of the will of the two daughters of one of the 19th centurys great irish seamen, captain robert halpin of wicklow.
supreme stocks its own dope clothing label as well as vans, nike sb, spitfire, thrasher and girl distribution company.	supreme stocks its own clothing label as well as vans, nike sb, spitfire, thrasher and girl distribution company.
he then went on to play another league game (nearly 3 months after his first appearance) against brighton and hove albion on monday 9th april 2007 where, with his first touch inside 2 minutes of coming on, he scored a vital goal which brought the game level at 1-1. tranmere undeservingly went on to win the match 2-1 with an injury time penalty scored by fellow strike partner, chris greenacre.	he then went on to play another league game (nearly 3 months after his first appearance) against brighton and hove albion on monday 9th april 2007 where, with his first touch inside 2 minutes of coming on, he scored a vital goal which brought the game level at 1-1. tranmere went on to win the match 2-1 with an injury time penalty scored by fellow strike partner, chris greenacre.
toilet-trained catin addition, some cats may be toilet trained, a sanitary measure which eliminates the litterbox and its attending expense and odor.	toilet-trained catin addition, some cats may be toilet trained, a measure which eliminates the litterbox and its attending expense and odor.
american high school's academics are continually on the rise.	american high school's academics are on the rise.
the world health organization believes it to be the leading preventable cause of death worldwide and estimates that it currently causes 5.4 million deaths per year.	the world health organization reports it to be the leading preventable cause of death worldwide and estimates that it currently causes 5.4 million deaths per year.
in case of the removal of the president from office, or of his /her death, resignation, or inability to discharge the powers and duties of the said office, the same shall devolve on the vice president until the disability be removed, or a president elected.	in case of the removal of the president from office, or of his death, resignation, or inability to discharge the powers and duties of the said office, the same shall devolve on the vice president until the disability be removed, or a president elected.
aloni became minister of education under yitzhak rabin but was forced to resign after a year due to her attempt to require religious youths to be indoctrinated in leftist, and anti-torah philosophy .	aloni became minister of education under yitzhak rabin but was forced to resign after a year due to her attempt to require religious youths to be indoctrinated in leftist, and anti-torah philosphy .
thereafter, hemlata had established herself on her unique voice quality that she delivered in various movies of rajshri productions in the 1980s and 1990s, including paheli (1977), dulhan wohi jo piya man bhaye (1977), ankhiyon ke jharokhon se (1978), sunayana (1979), naiyya (1979), gopal krishna (1979), raadha aur seeta (1979), maan abhiman (1980), nadiya ke paar (1982), abodh (1984), and babul (1986).	thereafter, hemlata had established herself on her voice quality that she delivered in various movies of rajshri productions in the 1980s and 1990s, including paheli (1977), dulhan wohi jo piya man bhaye (1977), ankhiyon ke jharokhon se (1978), sunayana (1979), naiyya (1979), gopal krishna (1979), raadha aur seeta (1979), maan abhiman (1980), nadiya ke paar (1982), abodh (1984), and babul (1986).
clang++ provides a useful warning:	clang++ provides a different warning:
mainstream science offers a variety of explanations for how homeopathy, if the preparations themselves are ineffective, may appear to cure diseases or alleviate symptoms:	science offers a variety of explanations for how homeopathy, if the preparations themselves are ineffective, may appear to cure diseases or alleviate symptoms:
joan rivers (1933-2014), comedienne	joan rivers (1933-2014), comedian
"the water bottle cartman uses to help ingest the fake treasure has the label ""wottur"", a poke at the pretentiousness of bottled waters."	"the water bottle cartman uses to help ingest the fake treasure has the label ""wottur"", a poke at the many varieties of bottled waters."
as mentioned above, the chinese room argument attempts to debunk the validity of the turing test by showing that a machine can pass the test and yet not be conscious.	as mentioned above, the chinese room argument seeks to debunk the validity of the turing test by showing that a machine can pass the test and yet not be conscious.
in the late 1990s, pay and other mlc activists began collecting signatures for the varela project, a petition drive that would become his best-known accomplishment .	in the late 1990s, pay and other mlc activists began collecting signatures for the varela project, a petition drive that would become his best-known program .
another unique aspect of macheist i was that a large portion (us$200,000) of the proceeds were donated to charities.	another aspect of macheist i was that a large portion (us$200,000) of the proceeds were donated to charities.
kohaku, a protagonist from miyazaki's movie, spirited away.	kohaku, a character from miyazaki's movie, spirited away.
a case of disputed english grammar arises when there is disagreement about whether a given construction constitutes standard english.	a case of disputed english grammar arises when there is disagreement about whether a given construction constitutes correct english.
the comic was briefly to have been called action 76, with the title incrementing each year, until it was christened simply action.	the comic was briefly to have been called action 76, with the title incrementing each year, until it was named simply action.
in 1927, rutherford introduced a new doctrine on blood, prohibiting members from eating blood.	in 1927, the watchtower introduced a new doctrine on blood, prohibiting members from eating blood.
the hills is an mtv pseudo- reality television series and a spin-off of the popular mtv show laguna beach.	the hills is an mtv reality television series and a spin-off of the popular mtv show laguna beach.
uner tan of ukurova university medical school in adana, turkey, has claimed that they show characteristics of the primate ancestors of homo sapiens, before the move to bipedalism.	uner tan of ukurova university medical school in adana, turkey, has said that they show characteristics of the primate ancestors of homo sapiens, before the move to bipedalism.
the beautiful altar at st. michaels	the altar at st. michaels
patel opposes equal marriage and has stated that she will vote against the government bill to introduce same-sex marriage in england and wales.	patel opposes same-sex marriage and has stated that she will vote against the government bill to introduce same-sex marriage in england and wales.
rumi's importance transcends national and ethnic borders.	rumi's importance is considered to transcend national and ethnic borders.
the runoff between a neo-nazi former klansman and a former governor who was widely considered corrupt but was also minority-friendly, gained national attention.	the runoff between a former klansman and a former governor who was widely considered corrupt but was also minority-friendly, gained national attention.
police again removed the illegal camp in april 2016 with severe weather in the following weeks ensuring the protesting parties did not return.	police again removed the camp in april 2016 with severe weather in the following weeks ensuring the protesting parties did not return.
in some european countries, there was an alcohol solution of flunitrazepam (darkene), abused by injection, with very strong effects.	in some european countries, there was an alcohol solution of flunitrazepam (darkene), taken by injection, with very strong effects.
"the u.s. army after-action report attributed this to the fact the high percentage of kills made during night hours (estimated at 40%), and by air cavalry and other aerial units, as well as admitting that ""many of the guerilla units were not armed with weapons""."	"the u.s. army after-action report attributed this to the fact the high percentage of kills made during night hours (estimated at 40%), and by air cavalry and other aerial units, as well as asserting that ""many of the guerilla units were not armed with weapons""."
on january 2, 2016, armed militants seized the headquarters of the malheur national wildlife refuge in harney county, oregon, united states and continued to occupy it until law enforcement made a final arrest on february 11, 2016. their leader was ammon bundy, who participated in the 2014 bundy standoff at his father's nevada ranch.	on january 2, 2016, armed militants occupied the headquarters of the malheur national wildlife refuge in harney county, oregon, united states and continued to occupy it until law enforcement made a final arrest on february 11, 2016. their leader was ammon bundy, who participated in the 2014 bundy standoff at his father's nevada ranch.
many factors contribute to hyperuricemia, including: genetics, insulin resistance, hypertension, renal insufficiency, obesity, diet, use of diuretics, and consumption of alcohol .	many factors contribute to hyperuricemia, including: genetics, insulin resistance, hypertension, renal insufficiency, obesity, diet, use of diuretics, and consumption of alcoholic beverage s .
obama has condemned the weathermen's violent actions, which occurred when he was just eight years old.	obama has condemned the weathermen's violent actions, which occurred when he was eight years old.
the 2.20 m (7 ft 3 in) sabonis was one of the top centers in the world from the 1980s through the early 21st century.	the 2.20 m (7 ft 3 in) sabonis is considered by many to be one of the top centers in the world from the 1980s through the early 21st century.
linda did ballet, wanda played the harp, and wilda taylor continues even now as an actor and comedienne .	linda did ballet, wanda played the harp, and wilda taylor continues even now as an actor and comedian .
the calibishie area in the country's northeast has postcard-perfect sandy beaches.	the calibishie area in the country's northeast has sandy beaches.
somers is co-author of the book working ethically, which helps business owners to find an ethical strategy which will benefit their suppliers, community and environment.	somers is co-author of the book working ethically, which is intended to help business owners to find an ethical strategy which will benefit their suppliers, community and environment.
obsession: radical islam's war against the west, also called obsession, is a controversial 2005 documentary film about the perceived threat of radical islam to western civilization.	obsession: radical islam's war against the west, also called obsession, is a 2005 documentary film about the perceived threat of radical islam to western civilization.
the public rooms in the 1st class were full of ornately carved furniture and heavy velvet curtains hung in all the rooms and they were cluttered with bric-a-brac that period fashion dictated.	the public rooms in the 1st class were full of ornately carved furniture and heavy velvet curtains hung in all the rooms and they were decorated with bric-a-brac that period fashion dictated.
in the kpl player auction, the team bought dashing young batsman robin uthappa as the auctions costliest player.	in the kpl player auction, the team bought young batsman robin uthappa as the auctions costliest player.
researchers typically apply such a test when they aready have an estimate of the amount of time that has passed since two species or lineages diverged--for example, from radiocarbon dating at fossil excavation sites, or from historical records in the case of human families.	researchers typically apply such a test when they already have an estimate of the amount of time that has passed since two species or lineages diverged--for example, from radiocarbon dating at fossil excavation sites, or from historical records in the case of human families.
originally, each senator was to be elected by his state legislature to represent his state, providing one of the many necessary american governmental checks and balances.	originally, each senator was to be elected by his state legislature to represent his state, providing one of the many american governmental checks and balances.
sadly , after a night of over indulgence in alcohol hide was found dead in his apartment by what appeared to be suicide.	however , after a night of over indulgence in alcohol hide was found dead in his apartment by what appeared to be suicide.
many anarchists reject the need for a transitory state phase and anarcho-capitalists even reject socialism entirely.	many anarchists reject the need for a transitory state phase and anarcho-capitalists reject socialism entirely.
the political structure of western europe changed drastically with the end of the united roman empire.	the political structure of western europe changed with the end of the united roman empire.
"this has been successful to such an extent that the term ""liberal"" has become stigmatized and is now generally avoided by those running for office; ""progressive"" is now often used instead of ""liberal""."	"this has been successful to such an extent that the term ""liberal"" has become stigmatized and is now carefully avoided by those running for office; ""progressive"" is now often used instead of ""liberal""."
he acted without adequate consultation with the clergy and without gathering a council.	according to the old believers nikon acted without adequate consultation with the clergy and without gathering a council.
however, when hicks heard no cure for cancer, he realized that leary had stolen his act and material.	however, when hicks heard no cure for cancer, he felt that leary had stolen his act and material.
"on january 19, 2009, the times reported that carlos slim, mexican telecommunications magnate and the world's richest man , loaned it $250 million ""to help the newspaper company finance its businesses."""	"on january 19, 2009, the times reported that carlos slim, mexican telecommunications magnate and the world's richest person , loaned it $250 million ""to help the newspaper company finance its businesses."""
"the jenin camp was targeted after israel alleged that it had ""served as a launch site for numerous terrorist attacks against both israeli civilians and israeli towns and villages in the area."""	"the jenin camp was targeted after israel reported that it had ""served as a launch site for numerous terrorist attacks against both israeli civilians and israeli towns and villages in the area."""
portland's south waterfront area has developed into a mecca of shops, condominiums, and apartments.	portland's south waterfront area has developed into a dense neighborhood of shops, condominiums, and apartments.
pejic has graced the covers of international editions of elle, l'officiel, fashion and gq.	pejic has appeared on the covers of international editions of elle, l'officiel, fashion and gq.
"the whalers' team was led by 5-star recruit kamaka hepa, a 6'7"" freshman sensation who is regarded as one of the top basketball recruits in the country."	"the whalers' team was led by 5-star recruit kamaka hepa, a 6'7"" freshman who is regarded as one of the top basketball recruits in the country."
rendition is an extension of a long-standing policy of confining political prisoners to guantanamo bay in cuba, where they are beyond the jurisdiction of american courts.	rendition is an extension of a policy of confining political prisoners to guantanamo bay in cuba, where they are beyond the jurisdiction of american courts.
albert jay nock (october 13, 1870 august 19, 1945) was an influential american libertarian author, educational theorist, georgist, and social critic of the early and middle 20th century.	albert jay nock (october 13, 1870 august 19, 1945) was an american libertarian author, educational theorist, georgist, and social critic of the early and middle 20th century.
empirical evidence that our reality is simulated	empirical evidence that our reality might be simulated
soviet premier nikita khruschev criticized freedom 7 as a mere 'flea hop' compared to the recent flight of vostok 1 and its passenger yuri gagarin.	soviet premier nikita khruschev criticized freedom 7 as a mere 'flea hop' compared to the recent flight of vostok 1 and its pilot yuri gagarin.
many believe that the pair's relationship was merely platonic, but correspondence between byron and his friends has been used since the late 20th century to argue that the two were engaged in a love affair.	many believe that the pair's relationship was platonic, but correspondence between byron and his friends has been used since the late 20th century to argue that the two were engaged in a love affair.
according to the indian government, operation blue star was launched to eliminate jarnail singh bhindranwale and his followers who had sought cover in the amritsar harmandir sahib complex.	according to the indian government, operation blue star was launched to remove jarnail singh bhindranwale and his followers who had sought cover in the amritsar harmandir sahib complex.
ahmed yassin was killed in another israeli attack on march 22, 2004. while he was being wheeled out of an early morning prayer session, he was struck by hellfire missiles fired from israeli helicopter gunships and died instantly, along with seven others.	ahmed yassin was killed in an israeli attack on march 22, 2004. while he was being wheeled out of an early morning prayer session, he was struck by hellfire missiles fired from israeli helicopter gunships and died instantly, along with seven others.
after qualifying in 1932 he continued to work there, and became a salaried partner only two years later at the age of 25. following the outbreak of the second world war benson joined the grenadier guards as a second lieutenant, and was seconded to the special operations executive in 1942 and then to the ministry of supply in 1944.	after qualifying in 1932 he continued to work there, and became a salaried partner two years later at the age of 25. following the outbreak of the second world war benson joined the grenadier guards as a second lieutenant, and was seconded to the special operations executive in 1942 and then to the ministry of supply in 1944.
ironically , the organization folded before he was able to fight once under their banner.	however , the organization folded before he was able to fight once under their banner.
the film alleges qur'anic motivations for terrorism, islamic universalism, and islam in the netherlands.	the film explores qur'anic motivations for terrorism, islamic universalism, and islam in the netherlands.
"this seems to have concerned americans more than it has the english and over time parliaments have continued to refine the definition of ""as allowed by law"" by passing law over classes of weapons (such as knives, swords, hand guns and rifles)."	"this seems to have concerned american opponents of the constitution more than it has the english and over time parliaments have continued to refine the definition of ""as allowed by law"" by passing law over classes of weapons (such as knives, swords, hand guns and rifles)."
marlborough achieved an major strategic victory over villars, breaking the vaunted french lines of ne plus ultra and capaturing bouchain, but was recalled to great britain at the end of of the year, and was replaced by the duke of ormonde.	marlborough achieved an major strategic victory over villars, breaking the french lines of ne plus ultra and capaturing bouchain, but was recalled to great britain at the end of of the year, and was replaced by the duke of ormonde.
freja beha erichsen (born october 18 1987 in roskilde, denmark) also known as freja beha, is a danish supermodel .	freja beha erichsen (born october 18 1987 in roskilde, denmark) also known as freja beha, is a danish model .
"1988 saw a disastrous attempt to take the festival in a mainstream commercial pop direction, dominated by the likes of starship, squeeze, bonnie tyler and meat loaf (the latter two being ""bottled"" off stage), and the ensuing recriminations saw the ousting of original festival promotor harold pendleton by the mean fiddler music group organization."	"1988 saw a disastrous attempt to take the festival in a mainstream commercial pop direction, dominated by the likes of starship, squeeze, bonnie tyler and meat loaf (the latter two being ""bottled"" off stage), and the ensuing recriminations saw the ousting of original festival promoter harold pendleton by the mean fiddler music group organization."
dormammu is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	dormammu is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
buthrotum (; ; from ) was an illyrian and later roman city and bishopric in epirus.	buthrotum (; ; from ) was an ancient greek and later roman city and bishopric in epirus.
ehud goldwasser, one of two soldiers kidnapped by hezbollah which sparked the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict	ehud goldwasser, one of two soldiers captured by hezbollah which sparked the 2006 israel-lebanon conflict
while hart was doing francis of assisi in rome, she met blessed pope john xxiii, who was instrumental in her vocation.	while hart was doing francis of assisi in rome, she met pope john xxiii, who was instrumental in her vocation.
prominent private schools in the city include the perse school, the perse school for girls and the leys school.	private schools in the city include the perse school, the perse school for girls and the leys school.
he's the son of the legendary bay area rapper e-40.	he's the son of the bay area rapper e-40.
"alexander hislop, in the two babylons, merely noted the similarities between the way in which the ancient babylonians worshipped ""a goddess mother and a son, who was represented in pictures and in images as an infant or child in his mother's arms."""	"alexander hislop, in the two babylons, noted the similarities between the way in which the ancient babylonians worshipped ""a goddess mother and a son, who was represented in pictures and in images as an infant or child in his mother's arms."""
by summer 2014, more than 600 cities worldwide had a bike-sharing programme, up from 535 systems, in 49 countries, in april 2013 (this included 132 in spain, 104 in italy, and 79 in china, for a total fleet of 517,000 bicycles).	by august 2014, more than 600 cities worldwide had a bike-sharing programme, up from 535 systems, in 49 countries, in april 2013 (this included 132 in spain, 104 in italy, and 79 in china, for a total fleet of 517,000 bicycles).
some international publications have abandoned the term.	a growing number of international publications have abandoned the term.
"although the holy see, as distinct from the vatican city state, does not fulfil the long-established criteria in international law of statehood—having a permanent population, a defined territory, a stable government and the capacity to enter into relations with other states —its possession of full legal personality in international law is proved by the fact that it maintains diplomatic relations with 177 states, that it is a member-state in various intergovernmental international organizations, and that it is: ""respected by the international community of sovereign states and treated as a subject of international law having the capacity to engage in diplomatic relations and to enter into binding agreements with one, several, or many states under international law that are largely geared to establish and preserving peace in the world."""	"although the holy see, as distinct from the vatican city state, does not fulfil the long-established criteria in international law of statehood—having a permanent population, a defined territory, a stable government and the capacity to enter into relations with other states —its possession of full legal personality in international law is shown by the fact that it maintains diplomatic relations with 177 states, that it is a member-state in various intergovernmental international organizations, and that it is: ""respected by the international community of sovereign states and treated as a subject of international law having the capacity to engage in diplomatic relations and to enter into binding agreements with one, several, or many states under international law that are largely geared to establish and preserving peace in the world."""
"the catalan independence referendum of 2017, also known by the numeronym 1-o (for ""1 october"") in spanish media, was an illegal independence referendum held on 1 october 2017 in the spanish autonomous community of catalonia, passed by the parliament of catalonia as the law on the referendum on self-determination of catalonia and called by the generalitat de catalunya."	"the catalan independence referendum of 2017, also known by the numeronym 1-o (for ""1 october"") in spanish media, was an independence referendum held on 1 october 2017 in the spanish autonomous community of catalonia, passed by the parliament of catalonia as the law on the referendum on self-determination of catalonia and called by the generalitat de catalunya."
the famous mascot for ask jeeves (retired as of february 2006)	the mascot for ask jeeves (retired as of february 2006)
december 1 - bette midler, american actress, comedienne and singer	december 1 - bette midler, american actress, comedian and singer
(many voters nevertheless complained that the members of the military were being released too slowly.)	(many voters complained that the members of the military were being released too slowly.)
evaluation of highly-cohesive (5th generation) gel implants suggests even better performance, with a rupture rate on mri-screened patients reported at 0.3% at six years.	evaluation of highly-cohesive (5th generation) gel implants suggests better performance, with a rupture rate on mri-screened patients reported at 0.3% at six years.
issa capitalized on his name recognition from the 1998 senate race, and won a bruising republican primary against state senator bill morrow.	issa capitalized on his name recognition from the 1998 senate race, and won a republican primary against state senator bill morrow.
sadly, it appears that fred's debut came on the back of the tragic death of young arthur griffiths, who had died a couple of days earlier while working as a crane operator at barry docks.	sadly, it appears that fred's debut came on the back of the death of young arthur griffiths, who had died a couple of days earlier while working as a crane operator at barry docks.
outside of this region of ionization and conductivity, the charged particles slowly find their way to an oppositely charged object and neutralize .	outside of this region of ionization and conductivity, the charged particles slowly find their way to an oppositely charged object and are neutralized .
rush limbaugh, a talk show host, brought attention to her controversial testimony when he asked speculative questions about her sexual conduct.	rush limbaugh, a talk show host, brought attention to her testimony when he asked speculative questions about her sexual conduct.
"he coined the word ""homophobia"" (in his revolutionary 1972 book, society and the healthy homosexual) to propose that those who harbor prejudice against homosexuals, and not homosexuals themselves, are suffering from a psychological malady, an irrational state of mind."	"he coined the word ""homophobia"" (in his 1972 book, society and the healthy homosexual) to propose that those who harbor prejudice against homosexuals, and not homosexuals themselves, are suffering from a psychological malady, an irrational state of mind."
is a world-class sporting complex in sendagaya, shibuya, tokyo, japan.	is a sporting complex in sendagaya, shibuya, tokyo, japan.
the front de liberation du quebec, commonly known as the flq was a terrorist group founded in the 1960s and based primarily in montreal, quebec, canada.	the front de liberation du quebec, commonly known as the flq was a ccanadian separatist group founded in the 1960s and based primarily in montreal, quebec, canada.
"martin gardner said ironically of this invention, ""i know of no other physicist who thinks it will work."	"martin gardner said of this invention, ""i know of no other physicist who thinks it will work."
croats came to dalmatia and pannonia in the 7th century.	slavs came to dalmatia and pannonia in the 7th century.
despite his dominant performance, mchugh did not get the win and the mets lost 1-0.	despite his performance, mchugh did not get the win and the mets lost 1-0.
to date, her unique accomplishments have been documented in more than a dozen featured articles.	to date, her accomplishments have been documented in more than a dozen featured articles.
steven siro vai (born june 6 1960 in carle place, new york) is a grammy award-winning virtuoso guitarist, composer and record producer.	steven siro vai (born june 6 1960 in carle place, new york) is a grammy award-winning guitarist, composer and record producer.
butterfly - a neutral option strategy combining bull and bear spreads.	trending moiz - a neutral option strategy combining bull and bear spreads.
at present the irish government still controls several large and key parts of the economy:	at present the irish government controls several large and key parts of the economy:
the church operates three small seminaries.	the church operates three modest seminaries.
"it has been argued that the ""rib"" in the biblical story of adam and eve is actually a mistranslation of a biblical hebrew euphemism for baculum (penis bone), and that its removal from adam in the book of genesis is told to explain its absence in humans, as well as the presence of the raphe as a resultant 'scar'."	"it has been argued that the ""rib"" in the biblical story of adam and eve is actually a mistranslation of a biblical hebrew euphemism for baculum (penis bone), and that its removal from adam in the book of genesis is a creation narrative to explain its absence in humans, as well as the presence of the raphe as a resultant 'scar'."
growing up in a gregarious new york city entertainment family, chamberlain was taken regularly to the plaza hotel, the stork club, sardi's and the hole-in-the wall jazz clubs of west 52nd street.	growing up in a new york city entertainment family, chamberlain was taken regularly to the plaza hotel, the stork club, sardi's and the hole-in-the wall jazz clubs of west 52nd street.
the show was developed as a starring vehicle for comedienne shirley hemphill after the success of what's happening!!	the show was developed as a starring vehicle for comedian shirley hemphill after the success of what's happening!!
gaza became a center of political resistance during the first intifada, and under the oslo accords of 1993, it was assigned to be under the direct control of the newly established palestinian authority.	gaza became a center of political activism during the first intifada, and under the oslo accords of 1993, it was assigned to be under the direct control of the newly established palestinian authority.
15-year school board veteran jim beierle abruptly resigned, saying he did not want to be a part of offering north allegheny's superintendent, dr. patricia green a contract extension.	15-year school board member jim beierle abruptly resigned, saying he did not want to be a part of offering north allegheny's superintendent, dr. patricia green a contract extension.
lowden's comments became the subject of widespread jokes and criticism.	lowden's comments became the subject of jokes and criticism.
the symphonys movements have odd structures that make their form hard to identify.	the symphonys movements have unusual structures that make their form hard to identify.
denny's beer barrel, a pub famous for its enormous burgers	denny's beer barrel, a pub famous for its large burgers
the ceiba is puerto rico's national tree.	the ceiba is puerto rico's symbolic tree.
their songs and lyrics tend to focus on themes such as positive mental attitude, as well as political and social wrongs .	their songs and lyrics tend to focus on themes such as positive mental attitude, as well as political and social events that the band finds wrong or disagreeable .
ex- president robert mnard	president robert mnard
montblanc, a german manufacturer of fine writing instruments, watches and accessories	montblanc, a german manufacturer of writing instruments, watches and accessories
the company behind the petition, which pretends to be grass roots, is barkers .	the company behind the petition, which claims to be grass roots, is barkers .
notable ward-belmont alumnae are actress mary martin, opera singer grace moore, comedienne minnie pearl (sarah cannon), and neonatologist mildred stahlman.	notable ward-belmont alumnae are actress mary martin, opera singer grace moore, comedian minnie pearl (sarah cannon), and neonatologist mildred stahlman.
during world war ii, operation bagration was the general offensive by soviet forces to clear the nazis from belorussian ssr, which resulted in the destruction of the german army group centre, possibly the greatest defeat for the wehrmacht during the war.	during world war ii, operation bagration was the general offensive by soviet forces to clear the germans from belorussian ssr, which resulted in the destruction of the german army group centre, possibly the greatest defeat for the wehrmacht during the war.
matthew rose is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by joe absolom.	matthew rose is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by joe absolom.
he is also criticised because of his hatred toward fox news, which may indicate a liberal bias (fox news has a conservative bias).	he is also criticised because of his hatred toward fox news, which may indicate a liberal bias (fox news is often accused of having a conservative bias).
he only received 6,481 votes during the entire primary season.	he received 6,481 votes during the entire primary season.
athanasios axarlian, passer by student killed accidentally by shrapnel during an attack targeting the limousine of finance minister ioannis palaiokrassas.	athanasios axarlian, passer by student killed by shrapnel during an attack targeting the limousine of finance minister ioannis palaiokrassas.
journalist andy kessler has argued that, though network neutrality is desirable, the threat of eminent domain against the telcos, instead of new legislation, is the best approach.	author andy kessler has argued that, though network neutrality is desirable, the threat of eminent domain against the telcos, instead of new legislation, is the best approach.
carolyn wisely held on to her idol as the votes were split between shirin and jenn, with mike and shirin also voting for jenn to send her out of the game.	carolyn held on to her idol as the votes were split between shirin and jenn, with mike and shirin also voting for jenn to send her out of the game.
this suggests that the farming settlers finally reaching kalix had little or no contact with vikings during the viking age, and most probably already by then had developed different lingual features, some of which are still preserved in modern kalix language .	this suggests that the farming settlers finally reaching kalix had little or no contact with vikings during the viking age, and most probably already by then had developed different lingual features, some of which are still preserved in modern kalix.
today, he is recognized as a true prophet by those who believe his ministry and teachings were vindicated by god.	today, he is acknowledged as a true prophet by those who believe his ministry and teachings were vindicated by god.
in 2014, company president william o'brien rebutted assertions in the book flash boys: a wall street revolt.	in 2014, company president william o'brien disputed assertions in the book flash boys: a wall street revolt.
the season finale was on may 17 as the intellectually-superior duo of b.j.	the season finale was on may 17 as the duo of b.j.
he has praised hezbollah for armed resistance against the israeli army in lebanon.	he has defended hezbollah for armed resistance against the israeli army in lebanon.
almudena fernndez (born 1977 in benavente, zamora, spain) is a spanish supermodel .	almudena fernndez (born 1977 in benavente, zamora, spain) is a spanish model .
the number of sherpas immigrating to the west has significantly increased in recent years, especially to the united states.	the number of sherpas migrating to the west has significantly increased in recent years, especially to the united states.
dawn french, british comedienne , star of french and saunders and the vicar of dibley, and ex-wife of lenny henry	dawn french, british comedian , star of french and saunders and the vicar of dibley, and ex-wife of lenny henry
remsburg, who wrote six great americans, was a rationalist and critic of morality as found in the holy bible.	remsburg, who wrote six great americans, was a rationalist and critic of morality as found in the bible.
petit has lost respect from the scientific community because of the bizarre claims he has made on several controversial topics.	petit has lost respect from the scientific community because of the controversial claims he has made on several controversial topics.
(in holyhead) dawn french, actress and comedienne	(in holyhead) dawn french, actress and comedian
ideology demands the murder of any non-muslim (as opposed to subjecting them to dhimmitude ).	ideology demands the murder of any non-muslim (as opposed to subjecting them to dhimma ).
meir kahane's son, kahane chai leader binyamin ze'ev kahane, along with his wife talya were murdered in a palestinian machine gun attack on december 31, 2000, as they were driving with their children from jerusalem to their home in kfar tapuach.	meir kahane's son, kahane chai leader binyamin ze'ev kahane, along with his wife talya were shot dead in a palestinian machine gun attack on december 31, 2000, as they were driving with their children from jerusalem to their home in kfar tapuach.
slow motion de-construct of video broadcasted by xinhua news agency.	slow motion of video broadcasted by xinhua news agency.
since its rebirth as a national republic in 1948 after wwii, the country struggled with the aftermath of 36 years of japanese occupation, the korean war, and decades of authoritarian governments of dictatorship tolerated by us , undergoing five major constitutional changes.	since its rebirth as a national republic in 1948 after wwii, the country struggled with the aftermath of 36 years of japanese occupation, the korean war, and decades of authoritarian governments of dictatorship tolerated by the international community , undergoing five major constitutional changes.
a group of savvy enthusiasts purchased the elements of the haunted castle and moved them to a location where they were able to recreate the dark ride and run it for halloween events.	a group of enthusiasts purchased the elements of the haunted castle and moved them to a location where they were able to recreate the dark ride and run it for halloween events.
the war ended with the crushing defeat of the turks and hephthalites by the sassanids under persian satrap general smbat bagratuni.	the war ended with the defeat of the turks and hephthalites by the sassanids under persian satrap general smbat bagratuni.
eliminating discrimination and harassment (whether physically, verbally, such as comments or personal questions or emotionally, such as confused or hatred looks..etc.)	eliminating discrimination and harassment (whether physically, verbally, such as comments or personal questions or emotionally, such as confused or hateful looks..etc.)
the grandeur that was rome is the tenth episode of the third series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	the grandeur that was rome is the tenth episode of the third series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
"persons who identify themselves as ""rape victim advocates"" vociferously argue that women only very rarely lie about rape."	"persons who identify themselves as ""rape victim advocates"" argue that women only very rarely lie about rape."
derek andre hanekom (born 13 january 1953, cape town) is the current south african minister of tourism serving from 27 february 2018. he previously served as minister of science and technology from october 2012 - 2014. he was deputy minister of science and technology having served under the then-presidents kgalema motlanthe and thabo mbeki, and former disgraced president jacob zuma in may 2009. he has a strong african national congress (anc) history having served three years in prison for the work he did for the anc during apartheid, with his wife dr. trish hanekom who served three years for her involvement.	derek andre hanekom (born 13 january 1953, cape town) is the current south african minister of tourism serving from 27 february 2018. he previously served as minister of science and technology from october 2012 - 2014. he was deputy minister of science and technology having served under the then-presidents kgalema motlanthe and thabo mbeki, and former president jacob zuma in may 2009. he has a strong african national congress (anc) history having served three years in prison for the work he did for the anc during apartheid, with his wife dr. trish hanekom who served three years for her involvement.
luckily no fatalities occured but all suffered significant injuries.	no fatalities occured but all suffered significant injuries.
"moses of chorene (armenian movses khorenatsi) ( supposedly 5th century ad) is the most significant mediaeval armenian historian, and one of the outstanding representatives of world historiography, considered to be the ""father of armenian history""."	"moses of chorene (armenian movses khorenatsi) (5th century ad) is the most significant mediaeval armenian historian, and one of the outstanding representatives of world historiography, considered to be the ""father of armenian history""."
the state boasts three excellent performing arts centers: dpac in durham, duke energy center for the performing arts in raleigh, and the blumenthal performing art centers in charlotte.	the state boasts three performing arts centers: dpac in durham, duke energy center for the performing arts in raleigh, and the blumenthal performing art centers in charlotte.
guardians of power: the myth of the liberal media (isbn 9780745324838), is a book by david edwards and david cromwell, editors of the british left-wing media lens website, published in 2006 by pluto press of london.	guardians of power: the myth of the liberal media (isbn 9780745324838), is a book by david edwards and david cromwell, editors of the british media analysis media lens website, published in 2006 by pluto press of london.
reflex is the 2004 sequel to the best-selling 1992 novel jumper by steven gould.	reflex is the 2004 sequel to the 1992 novel jumper by steven gould.
its geographical setting is quite exceptional.	its geographical setting is exceptional.
"this misconception is a product of romanticism and the classical scholarship of the 19th century, which valued greek civilization as more ""authentically creative."""	"this perception is a product of romanticism and the classical scholarship of the 19th century, which valued greek civilization as more ""authentically creative."""
wdae broadcasts from a transmitter of 11.2kw days and 11.0kw nites in st. petersburg.	it broadcasts from a transmitter of 11.2kw days and 11.0kw nites in st. petersburg.
conqueror was the second of the class, the other two being hms churchill and hms courageous.	conqueror was the third of the class, the other two being hms churchill and hms courageous.
the irgun under begins leadership continued to carry out terrorist operations such as the break in to acre prison, and the hanging of two british sergeants, causing the british to suspend any further executions of irgun prisoners.	the irgun under begins leadership continued to carry out military operations such as the break in to acre prison, and the hanging of two british sergeants, causing the british to suspend any further executions of irgun prisoners.
part of the problem in the early days of the selous scouts and rhodesia, was that the security forces and the terrorists had clearly defined roles.	part of the problem in the early days of the selous scouts and rhodesia, was that the security forces and the freedom fighters had clearly defined roles.
mosh is a song and video clip by the controversial rapper eminem and guerrilla news network, released on october 26, 2004, just prior to the 2004 presidential election.	mosh is a song and video clip by the popular rapper eminem and guerrilla news network, released on october 26, 2004, just prior to the 2004 presidential election.
"at a tuesday, may 4 court appearance, huguely's attorney, fran lawrence released a statement eerily reminiscent of the defense employed by robert chambers in the so-called 1986 preppie murder: ""ms. love's death was not intended but an accident with a tragic outcome."""	"at a tuesday, may 4 court appearance, huguely's attorney, fran lawrence released a statement reminiscent of the defense employed by robert chambers in the so-called 1986 preppie murder: ""ms. love's death was not intended but an accident with a tragic outcome."""
the safavids were an iranian dynasty that ruled from 1501 to 1736, and which established shi'a islam as iran's official religion and united its provinces under a single iranian sovereignty, thereby reigniting the persian identity and acting as a bridge to modern iran.	the safavids were were a turkic-speaking iranian dynasty that ruled from 1501 to 1736, and which established shi'a islam as iran's official religion and united its provinces under a single iranian sovereignty, thereby reigniting the persian identity and acting as a bridge to modern iran.
today the term has become restricted to the man or the operator of the machinery which removes sheep's wool or the hair of other animals from hides in preparation for tanning.	today the term has become restricted to the person or the operator of the machinery which removes sheep's wool or the hair of other animals from hides in preparation for tanning.
the economy of norway is a developed mixed economy with heavy state-ownership in strategic areas of the economy.	the economy of norway is a developed mixed economy with state-ownership in strategic areas of the economy.
mises's great student, friedrich hayek, viewed mises as one of the major figures in the revival of liberalism in the post-war era.	mises's student, friedrich hayek, viewed mises as one of the major figures in the revival of liberalism in the post-war era.
founded in 1890 by the great spencer macdonald, pioneer high school held several names and occupied various buildings in its 150 years of existence.	founded in 1890 by the spencer macdonald, pioneer high school held several names and occupied various buildings in its 150 years of existence.
"penn is nicknamed ""the prodigy"" for his astonishingly natural talent."	"penn is nicknamed ""the prodigy"" for his natural talent."
the perpetual institution of the sabbath was in respect for the day during which god rested after having completed the creation in six days: , , .	the institution of the sabbath was in respect for the day during which god rested after having completed the creation in six days: , , .
the murder of ofir rahum was a shooting attack which occurred on 17 january 2001, in which palestinian resistance from the tanzim faction of fatah killed 16-year-old israeli high school student ofir rahum on the outskirts of ramallah.	the murder of ofir rahum was a shooting attack which occurred on 17 january 2001, in which palestinian terrorists from the tanzim faction of fatah killed 16-year-old israeli high school student ofir rahum on the outskirts of ramallah.
their version was more rock-based, faster and more uptempo, and includes a spectacular guitar solo at the end.	their version was more rock-based, faster and more uptempo, and includes a guitar solo at the end.
kolourpaint is a free, easy-to-use raster graphics editor for the k desktop environment, similar to microsoft's paint application, but has some additional features such as support for transparency.	kolourpaint is a free, raster graphics editor for the k desktop environment, similar to microsoft's paint application, but has some additional features such as support for transparency.
people who decades later would be considered part of the religious right spoke out viciously against presley including cardinal spellman.	people who decades later would be considered part of the religious right spoke out vigorously against presley including cardinal spellman.
more exotic examples include the exquisite lr 300 by z-m weapons and the hk g36, which makes extensive use of modern polymers and computer design.	more exotic examples include the lr 300 by z-m weapons and the hk g36, which makes extensive use of modern polymers and computer design.
unfortunately , during the last game they lost 10 away to panathinaikos.	however , during the last game they lost 10 away to panathinaikos.
the community alliance for the ethical treatment of youth, or cafety, is an advocacy group for survivors of residential treatment programs for at-risk teenagers.	the community alliance for the ethical treatment of youth, or cafety, is an advocacy group for patients of residential treatment programs for at-risk teenagers.
early tamil literary works such as kaliththokai mentions that many non-tamil naga tribes such as maravar, eyinar, oliar, oviar, aruvalur and parathavar migrated to the pandyan kingdom and started living there in the third tamil sangam period 2000 years ago.	early tamil literary works such as kaliththokai mentions that many naga tribes such as maravar, eyinar, oliar, oviar, aruvalur and parathavar migrated to the pandyan kingdom and started living there in the third tamil sangam period 2000 years ago.
research on emotion has increased significantly over the past two decades with many fields contributing including psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history, sociology, and even computer science.	research on emotion has increased significantly over the past two decades with many fields contributing including psychology, neuroscience, endocrinology, medicine, history, sociology, and computer science.
borland's elaborate visual appearance, which includes face and body paint, masks and uniforms, also plays a large role in the band's elaborate live shows.	borland's elaborate visual appearance, which includes face and body paint, masks and uniforms, also plays a large role in the band's live shows.
orthodox macedonians - 65,500	orthodox vlachs - 65,500
maine mendoza (born 1995), filipina comedienne , actress and model	maine mendoza (born 1995), filipina comedian , actress and model
"hanke will take over for michael urie in the hit off-broadway solo comedy ""buyer & cellar,"" beginning march 18, 2014 at the barrow street theatre."	"hanke will take over for michael urie in the off-broadway solo comedy ""buyer & cellar,"" beginning march 18, 2014 at the barrow street theatre."
many sex workers in thailand, adult and child, and for that matter in several other parts of the world, are tricked, sold, or coerced into the work.	some sex workers in thailand, adult and child, and for that matter in several other parts of the world, are tricked, sold, or coerced into the work.
buildings burning after the first enemy attack on dutch harbor, june 3, 1942.	buildings burning after the first japanese attack on dutch harbor , june 3, 1942.
it has a coast on the adriatic sea to the south and borders croatia to the west, bosnia and herzegovina to the northwest, serbia to the northeast ( including kosovo to the east) and albania to the southeast.	it has a coast on the adriatic sea to the south and borders croatia to the west, bosnia and herzegovina to the northwest, serbia to the northeast (kosovo to the east) and albania to the southeast.
the phrase was famously used in this sense by united states supreme court justice potter stewart to describe his threshold test for obscenity in jacobellis v. ohio.	the phrase was used in this sense by united states supreme court justice potter stewart to describe his threshold test for obscenity in jacobellis v. ohio.
the provisional government was set up on 16 january 1922 to transfer power from the british regime to the irish free state.	the provisional government was set up on 16 january 1922 to transfer power from the british government to the irish free state.
jefferson is believed to have had a long-term, intimate relationship with one of his slaves, sally hemings, a quadroon, who was believed to have been a half-sister to jefferson's late wife.	jefferson is alleged to have had a long-term, intimate relationship with one of his slaves, sally hemings, a quadroon, who was believed to have been a half-sister to jefferson's late wife.
"of the estate lewisham council claimed ""we have a responsibility under the national decent homes programme to bring all its housing up to a recognised standard."	"of the estate lewisham council stated ""we have a responsibility under the national decent homes programme to bring all its housing up to a recognised standard."
"nowell actually registered the trademark ""sublime"" under his own name prior to his passing and had sole ownership."	"nowell actually registered the trademark ""sublime"" under his own name prior to his death and had sole ownership."
10 rebel fighters were killed and at least 40 pro-gaddafi mercenaries were captured during the battle for the town.	10 rebel fighters were killed and at least 40 pro-gaddafi fighters were captured during the battle for the town.
japan murders hundreds of whales every year, mainly from the south pacific population of minke whales.	japan catches hundreds of whales every year, mainly from the south pacific population of minke whales.
anton dilger, ironically in charge of german biological warfare in the first world war	anton dilger, in charge of german biological warfare in the first world war
in this flood story, god , angered at the wickedness and violence of the world, decides to destroy all life on the earth save for a select few.	in this flood story, the deity , angered at the wickedness and violence of the world, decides to destroy all life on the earth save for a select few.
although sinn fin, the largest militant irish republican political party, did not organise a protest and said that the march should be allowed to go ahead, republican sinn fin, a more radical group which broke away from sinn fin in 1984, had an organised presence.	although sinn fin, the largest irish republican political party, did not organise a protest and said that the march should be allowed to go ahead, republican sinn fin, a more radical group which broke away from sinn fin in 1984, had an organised presence.
at the end of the day, this fearless movement by the students forced the hebei-chahar political committee to adjourn its planned opening.	at the end of the day, this movement by the students forced the hebei-chahar political committee to adjourn its planned opening.
for example, he mentioned that the mutagenesis of those experiments employed high error rates, which would cause error catastrophe, but high mutation rates were needed in those experiments simply to reduce the amount of time it would take to satisfactorially mutate a population of ribozymes to a significant extent, as opposed to using normal pcr techniques.	for example, he argued that the mutagenesis of those experiments employed high error rates, which would cause error catastrophe, but high mutation rates were needed in those experiments simply to reduce the amount of time it would take to satisfactorially mutate a population of ribozymes to a significant extent, as opposed to using normal pcr techniques.
he is the son of famed actor and comedian damon wayans.	he is the son of actor and comedian damon wayans.
the synod also refuted article by article the confession of cyril lucaris, which appeared in latin at geneva in 1629, and in greek, with the addition of four questions, in 1633. lucaris, who died in 1638 as patriarch of constantinople, had corresponded with western scholars and had imbibed calvinistic views.	the synod also refuted article by article the confession of cyril lucaris, which appeared in latin at geneva in 1629, and in greek, with the addition of four questions, in 1633. lucaris, who died in 1638 as patriarch of constantinople, had corresponded with western scholars and had adopted calvinistic views.
legendary actor and comedian jerry lewis wrote the foreword.	actor and comedian jerry lewis wrote the foreword.
during the height of his career, mark was notoriously known as having one of the fastest services in the game.	during the height of his career, mark was known as having one of the fastest services in the game.
the magnificent work was directed by the administrative department of civil aviation, who also were responsible for the construction of new airports and pitalito monteria and remodelling in leticia and eldorado in this period.	the work was directed by the administrative department of civil aviation, who also were responsible for the construction of new airports and pitalito monteria and remodelling in leticia and eldorado in this period.
"it is mentioned in ray boys' ""surfin' usa""."	"it is mentioned in the beach boys' ""surfin' usa""."
her ideas and work, however, have generated much criticism .	her ideas and work, however, have generated much controversy .
catherine o'hara, canadian-american actress, writer and comedienne .	catherine o'hara, canadian-american actress, writer and comedian .
aside from being atlanta's local theatersports franchise, the dad's garage ensemble has developed a number of innovative improv formats:	aside from being atlanta's local theatersports franchise, the dad's garage ensemble has developed a number of improv formats:
"the battle of blood river is the name given for the battle fought between 470 voortrekkers (""pioneers""), led by andries pretorius, and an estimated 80,000 zulu attackers on the bank of the ncome river on 16 december 1838, in what is today kwazulu-natal, south africa."	"the battle of blood river is the name given for the battle fought between 470 voortrekkers (""pioneers""), led by andries pretorius, and an estimated 80,000 zulu on the bank of the ncome river on 16 december 1838, in what is today kwazulu-natal, south africa."
after the war, he was the authoritarian prime minister (194363) and later president (195380) of the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia (sfry).	after the war, he was the prime minister (194363) and later president (195380) of the socialist federal republic of yugoslavia (sfry).
the american israel public affairs committee (aipac) is an american lobbying group that advocates what it contends are pro-israel policies to the congress and executive branch of the united states.	the american israel public affairs committee (aipac) is an american lobbying group that advocates what it believes are pro-israel policies to the congress and executive branch of the united states.
romrio de souza faria (born january 29, 1966), better known simply as romrio (romario), is a legendary brazilian football center forward who helped the brazil national team win the 1994 fifa world cup and was one of the most prolific strikers in the world in the 1990s, having had successful tenures with european clubs psv eindhoven and fc barcelona, and in brazil with vasco da gama.	romrio de souza faria (born january 29, 1966), better known simply as romrio (romario), is a brazilian football center forward who helped the brazil national team win the 1994 fifa world cup and was one of the most prolific strikers in the world in the 1990s, having had successful tenures with european clubs psv eindhoven and fc barcelona, and in brazil with vasco da gama.
paul brandon gilbert (november 6, 1966) is a virtuoso guitarist best known for his work with racer x and mr. big.	paul brandon gilbert (november 6, 1966) is a guitarist best known for his work with racer x and mr. big.
votevets.org political action committee continued to endorse many iraq and afghanistan veterans for congress in the 2008 elections.	votevets.org political action committee continued to endorse iraq and afghanistan veterans for congress in the 2008 elections.
"some christian communions, in particular the world council of churches and one of the more left-wing presbyterian denominations in the united states, the presbyterian church (usa), omit the word ""men"", and others substitute the word ""all"" , in the line ""for us men and for our salvation..."" this is considered a more gender-neutral translation of nos homines (""we men"")."	"some christian communions, in particular the world council of churches and one of the more liberal presbyterian denominations in the united states, the presbyterian church (usa), omit the word ""men"", and others substitute the word ""all"" , in the line ""for us men and for our salvation..."" this is considered a more gender-neutral translation of nos homines (""we men"")."
a series of articles attracted public attention on 6 june 2013, when some documents emanating from the cache stolen by edward snowden were first published simultaneously by the washington post and the guardian.	a series of articles attracted public attention on 6 june 2013, when some documents emanating from the cache leaked by edward snowden were first published simultaneously by the washington post and the guardian.
ferrari's reinterpretation was questioned by the historian of science, phillip nothaft, who considers that in his scriptural commentaries augustine was not endorsing any particular cosmological model.	ferrari's interpretation was questioned by the historian of science, phillip nothaft, who considers that in his scriptural commentaries augustine was not endorsing any particular cosmological model.
this cinema was burnt in 1960 and more than 200 kurdish children died inside it.	this cinema was burnt in 1960 and more than 200 children died inside it.
known for his unparticular taste in music, john peel was a popular and respected dj and broadcaster.	known for his eclectic taste in music, john peel was a popular and respected dj and broadcaster.
this movie is not to be confused with the sub-par live-action street fighter film starring jean-claude van damme.	this movie is not to be confused with the live-action street fighter film starring jean-claude van damme.
plymouth-whitemarsh is a top-tier public high school in the philadelphia region, and is accredited by the middle states association of colleges and schools.	plymouth-whitemarsh is a public high school in the philadelphia region, and is accredited by the middle states association of colleges and schools.
dave smith is known as the pioneer of the first polyphonic and microprocessor-controlled synthesizer, the industry-changing prophet 5, and later the driving force behind the generation of the musical instrument digital interface (midi) specification, which has since become standard to all modern synthesizers.	dave smith is known as the pioneer of the first polyphonic and microprocessor-controlled synthesizer, the prophet 5, and later the driving force behind the generation of the musical instrument digital interface (midi) specification, which has since become standard to all modern synthesizers.
robin showed how valry giscard d'estaing's government secretly collaborated with the videla's junta in argentine and with the hero augusto pinochet's regime in chile, while openly receiving at the same time many political refugees who were granted the right of asylum.	robin showed how valry giscard d'estaing's government secretly collaborated with the videla's junta in argentine and with the augusto pinochet's regime in chile, while openly receiving at the same time many political refugees who were granted the right of asylum.
in march they failed to retain their champions league crown, being convincingly knocked out 3-0 on aggregate by portuguese side benfica.	in march they failed to retain their champions league crown, being knocked out 3-0 on aggregate by portuguese side benfica.
"chvez was, specifically, offended by his catholic church's portrayal of jesus as ""an idiot"" and not, as chvez knew jesus to be, ""a rebel""."	"chvez was, specifically, offended by his catholic church's portrayal of jesus as ""an idiot"" and not, as chvez considered jesus to be, ""a rebel""."
demonization in the united states	infamy in the united states
mountaintop removal mining (mtr) is a controversial form of surface mining that involves an extreme topological change to the summit or summit ridge of a mountain.	mountaintop removal mining (mtr) is a form of surface mining that involves an extreme topological change to the summit or summit ridge of a mountain.
cultural critic alice echols describes the emergence of a lesbian separatist movement as a response to the homophobic sentiments expressed by feminist organizations (like the national organization of women.	cultural critic alice echols describes the emergence of a lesbian separatist movement as a response to what she sees as homophobic sentiments expressed by feminist organizations (like the national organization of women.
"robert william ""bob"" hoskins (26 october 1942 29 april 2014) was an english actor, director, and comedian, best known for playing cockneys and gangsters."	"robert william ""bob"" hoskins (26 october 1942 29 april 2014) was an english actor, director, and comedian, known for playing cockneys and gangsters."
anne-marie duff (born 8 october 1970) is an english actress best known for playing fiona gallagher in shameless, and elizabeth i in the virgin queen.	anne-marie duff (born 8 october 1970) is an english actress known for playing fiona gallagher in shameless, and elizabeth i in the virgin queen.
in june 1643 he left for the isle of man to attend to affairs there, and in the summer of 1644 he took part in prince rupert of the rhine's successful campaign in the north, when lathom house, where his wife charlotte de la tremoille (lady derby) had heroically resisted the siege of lathom house, was relieved, and bolton le moors (now just known as bolton) taken.	in june 1643 he left for the isle of man to attend to affairs there, and in the summer of 1644 he took part in prince rupert of the rhine's successful campaign in the north, when lathom house, where his wife charlotte de la tremoille (lady derby) had sucessfully resisted the siege of lathom house, was relieved, and bolton le moors (now just known as bolton) taken.
after this fascinating introduction into the world of fashion, richard moved on to london and after two more years of college was accepted into the fashion school of the royal college of art.	after this introduction into the world of fashion, richard moved on to london and after two more years of college was accepted into the fashion school of the royal college of art.
he defended his main world title against sergey karjakin in 2016, and against fabiano caruana in 2018, winning both matches only in the rapid chess tie-breaks.	he defended his main world title against sergey karjakin in 2016, and against fabiano caruana in 2018, winning both matches in the rapid chess tie-breaks.
albums from the mid-1960s and before are underrepresented due to the smaller album buying market of that time; albums from the napster era on may be underrepresented due to the decline in conventional album sales.	albums from the mid-1960s and before are underrepresented due to the smaller album buying market of that time; albums from the digital music era on may be underrepresented due to the decline in conventional album sales.
introduced a for-fee premium hosting service at geocities and crippled the accessibility of free and low-price hosting accounts by limiting their monthly data transfer for webpage visitors; since then the monthly data transfer limit for free accounts is 4 gb, later the paid accounts were unified in the yahoo!	introduced a for-fee premium hosting service at geocities and limited the accessibility of free and low-price hosting accounts by limiting their monthly data transfer for webpage visitors; since then the monthly data transfer limit for free accounts is 4 gb, later the paid accounts were unified in the yahoo!
most other, smaller denominations, with membership numbering from tens to hundreds, are offshoots of one of these two main sects .	most other, smaller denominations, with membership numbering from tens to hundreds, are offshoots of one of these two main denominations .
the practice was introduced by prophet joseph smith, jr., the church's founder.	the practice was introduced by joseph smith, jr., the church's founder.
however, the mouthwatering prospect of davis v hendry world finals never materialised.	however, the prospect of davis v hendry world finals never materialised.
the soviet union was dissolved by the end of 1991, resulting in russia and 14 new nations that declared their independence from the soviet union: armenia, azerbaijan, belarus, estonia, georgia, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, latvia, lithuania, moldova, tajikistan, turkmenistan, ukraine and uzbekistan.	the soviet union was dissolved by the end of 1991, resulting in russia and 14 nations that declared their independence from the soviet union: armenia, azerbaijan, belarus, estonia, georgia, kazakhstan, kyrgyzstan, latvia, lithuania, moldova, tajikistan, turkmenistan, ukraine and uzbekistan.
according to the fictional narrative in genesis chapter 11 of the bible, the tower of babel was a tower built by a united humanity in order to reach the heavens.	according to the narrative in genesis chapter 11 of the bible, the tower of babel was a tower built by a united humanity in order to reach the heavens.
the political movement headed by controversial american fringe politician lyndon larouche has also published material critical of berlet.	the political movement headed by controversial american politician lyndon larouche has also published material critical of berlet.
"critics of bds vehemently repudiate the charge that israel is an apartheid state, highlighting , among other things, that in israel (outside of the west bank) ""jews and arabs mix freely and increasingly live in the same neighborhoods...there is no imposed segregation"" and that arabs and jews interact together in any mall, restaurant, or hospital in israel."	"critics of bds vehemently repudiate the charge that israel is an apartheid state, asserting , among other things, that in israel (outside of the west bank) ""jews and arabs mix freely and increasingly live in the same neighborhoods...there is no imposed segregation"" and that arabs and jews interact together in any mall, restaurant, or hospital in israel."
in the neutral theory view of the community (or metacommunity), popularized by hubbell, the abundance of a population of a species changes not because of the environmental conditions and its niche, which could overlap with others.	in the neutral theory view of the community (or metacommunity), popularized by hubbell, the abundance of a population of a species changes because of the environmental conditions and its niche, which could overlap with others.
a swathe of liberal-held seats across the state changed hands, and a number of shadow ministers were defeated.	a number of liberal-held seats across the state changed hands, and a number of shadow ministers were defeated.
"antnio de oliveira salazar gcse, gcic, gcte, gcolih (; 28 april 1889 27 july 1970) was a portuguese politician and economist who served as prime minister of portugal for 36 years, from 1932 to 1968. salazar founded and led the estado novo (""new state""), the corporatist authoritarian government that ruled portugal until 1974. he is notable for being the only dictator in modern history whose rise to power happened thanks to his vast intellect, and not through either the sheer strength of arms or personal inheritance."	"antnio de oliveira salazar gcse, gcic, gcte, gcolih (; 28 april 1889 27 july 1970) was a portuguese politician and economist who served as prime minister of portugal for 36 years, from 1932 to 1968. salazar founded and led the estado novo (""new state""), the corporatist authoritarian government that ruled portugal until 1974. he is notable for being the only dictator in modern history whose rise to power happened thanks to his intellect, and not through either the sheer strength of arms or personal inheritance."
"patricia dianne krenwinkel (born december 3, 1947) is an american convicted murderess and a former member of charles manson's murderous commune, known as ""the family""."	"patricia dianne krenwinkel (born december 3, 1947) is an american convicted murderer and a former member of charles manson's murderous commune, known as ""the family""."
a stimulating study of pan-americanism as an idea and of how time has destroyed much of the buttressing hemispheric relations.	a study of pan-americanism as an idea and of how time has destroyed much of the buttressing hemispheric relations.
in its second week of release, the movie rose to 6 place with only a 31% decline.	in its second week of release, the movie rose to 6 place with a 31% decline.
soto's premature death at age 35 was attributed to a mixture of alcohol and drugs.	soto's death at age 35 was attributed to a mixture of alcohol and drugs.
reims (; infrequently rheims; french: ), a city in the champagne-ardenne region of france, lies 129 km (80 miles) east-northeast of paris.	reims (; also spelt rheims; french: ), a city in the champagne-ardenne region of france, lies 129 km (80 miles) east-northeast of paris.
however, there are a number of occasions where various organisations have incorrectly stated that the province has some sort of sovereignty, including the following:	however, there are a number of occasions where various organisations have stated that the province has some sort of sovereignty, including the following:
the columbine high school shootings of april 1999 would lead to accusations, death threats, and finger-pointing from lawmakers, namely connecticut senator joseph lieberman.	the columbine high school shootings of april 1999 would lead to accusations, death threats, and finger-pointing from lawmakers, including connecticut senator joseph lieberman.
the practice of paying real money for accounts or money in-game is largely discouraged by many games, such as runescape, which excessively prohibits this sort of activity.	the practice of paying real money for accounts or money in-game is largely discouraged by many games, such as runescape, which prohibits this sort of activity.
michael bower, venus demilo and danny cooksey from the nickelodeon hit salute your shorts appeared on one of the final episodes.	michael bower, venus demilo and danny cooksey from the nickelodeon series salute your shorts appeared on one of the final episodes.
conditions in the british detention and labour camps were grim , due in part to the sheer number of kikuyu detainees and the lack of money budgeted for dealing with them.	conditions in the british detention and labour camps were appalling , due in part to the sheer number of kikuyu detainees and the lack of money budgeted for dealing with them.
his success as a stand-up comedian led to a starring role on the abc show me and the boys in 1994. he would later star on the wb network show, the steve harvey show, which ran from 1996 to 2002. while wildly popular in the african-american community (the show won multiple naacp image awards), the show never achieved critical acclaim outside of the african-american community, a matter about which harvey has often complained.	his success as a stand-up comedian led to a starring role on the abc show me and the boys in 1994. he would later star on the wb network show, the steve harvey show, which ran from 1996 to 2002. while popular in the african-american community (the show won multiple naacp image awards), the show never achieved critical acclaim outside of the african-american community, a matter about which harvey has often complained.
kenneth neate, renowned opera singer	kenneth neate, opera singer
kosovo note was created to serve as a disclaimer regarding the kosovo independence dispute, with the main idea of preventing usage of locational entries like:	kosovo note was created to serve as a marker of neutrality regarding the kosovo independence dispute, with the main idea of preventing usage of locational entries like:
mel giedroyc, actress and comedienne in 1968	mel giedroyc, actress and comedian in 1968
its areas of interest include intelligent design creationism , science, technology, environment and economy, international affairs, culture, defense, legal reform, religion and public life, transportation, and institutions of representative democracy, as well as bi-national cooperation in the international cascadia region.	its areas of interest include intelligent design, science, technology, environment and economy, international affairs, culture, defense, legal reform, religion and public life, transportation, and institutions of representative democracy, as well as bi-national cooperation in the international cascadia region.
reiki was rediscovered during the early 20th century by mikao usui (usui mikao ) in japan.	reiki was developed during the early 20th century by mikao usui (usui mikao ) in japan.
narked at 90 ltd won the coverted award for innovation for the development of advanced diving products at eurotek 2010 for the cell checker and its continuing development.	narked at 90 ltd won the award for innovation for the development of advanced diving products at eurotek 2010 for the cell checker and its continuing development.
among locane's film roles, she played johnny depp's love interest in john waters's 1990 cult-classic film cry-baby.	among locane's film roles, she played johnny depp's love interest in john waters's 1990 film cry-baby.
some of these murders were particularly gruesome.	some of these killings were particularly gruesome.
in particular, duffy has presented a large number of shows promoting global warming skepticism.	in particular, duffy has presented a number of shows promoting global warming skepticism.
the last, named the delphine for his daughter, was a vessel commissioned in 1920 that was only completed after his passing .	the last, named the delphine for his daughter, was a vessel commissioned in 1920 that was only completed after his death .
it was opposed by the university of missouri system (which operates the four campuses of the university of missouri), which incorrectly feared that the name change would lead to duplication of academic programs and ongoing battles for students and state funding.	it was opposed by the university of missouri system (which operates the four campuses of the university of missouri), which feared that the name change would lead to duplication of academic programs and ongoing battles for students and state funding.
though the 59 extenders currently in service are greatly outnumbered by the venerable kc-135 stratotanker, the kc-10 has a significantly larger fuel capacity.	though the 59 extenders currently in service are greatly outnumbered by the kc-135 stratotanker, the kc-10 has a significantly larger fuel capacity.
king has written two novels with acclaimed horror novelist peter straub: the talisman and a sequel, black house.	king has written two novels with horror novelist peter straub: the talisman and a sequel, black house.
the incident made such an impact, axl turned it into one of the greatest hard rock hits of all time.	the incident made such an impact, axl turned it into one of the most revered hard rock hits of all time.
"policies or actions in government, business, media, education, and other institutions that specifically support non-whites, women, gays, and other minorities - which discriminate against white males and is sometimes referred to as ""reverse discrimination"";"	"policies or actions in government, business, media, education, and other institutions that specifically support non-whites, women, gays, and other minorities - which they see as discrimination against white males and is sometimes referred to as ""reverse discrimination"";"
campus buildings include: the science center, our lady queen of peace chapel, the myles reif recreation center, burns wellness commons, the 500-seat mitchell auditorium, the college library, the little theatre, majestic tower hall, a newly-expanded student union, somers residence hall and seven apartment complexes.	campus buildings include: the science center, our lady queen of peace chapel, the myles reif recreation center, burns wellness commons, the 500-seat mitchell auditorium, the college library, the little theatre, tower hall, a newly-expanded student union, somers residence hall and seven apartment complexes.
samir kuntar, 53, lebanese child- murderer, member of hezbollah, longest-held lebanese prisoner in israel, missile strike.	samir kuntar, 53, lebanese convicted murderer, member of hezbollah, longest-held lebanese prisoner in israel, missile strike.
simultaneously, the young thespian also co-starred in west coast ensemble's adaptation of the sondheim musical, assassins.	simultaneously, the young actor also co-starred in west coast ensemble's adaptation of the sondheim musical, assassins.
he was a recipient of the coveted knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves of nazi germany.	he was a recipient of the knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves of nazi germany.
"darby, however , dismissed this idea as a ""medical urban myth"".."	"darby, after investigation , dismissed this idea as a ""medical urban myth"".."
the show talks briefly about the lighthearted history of rockets and is followed by discussions of satellites, a practical look (through humorous animation) at what spacemen will have to face in a rocket (both physically and psychologically, such as momentum, weightlessness, radiation, even space sickness) and a rocket takeoff into space.	the show talks briefly about the lighthearted history of rockets and is followed by discussions of satellites, a practical look (through humorous animation) at what humans in space will have to face in a rocket (both physically and psychologically, such as momentum, weightlessness, radiation, even space sickness) and a rocket takeoff into space.
understandably , the judge ruled against him, and the point has never been argued in court since.	predictably , the judge ruled against him, and the point has never been argued in court since.
for most of its length, the river flows through a narrow concrete channel.	for most of its length, the river flows through a concrete channel.
however, he has not pursued formal publication of his proof in a peer-reviewed mathematics journal, which the rules for this prize currently require.	however, he has not pursued formal publication of his proof in a peer-reviewed mathematics journal, which the rules for this prize require.
"samantha ""sam"" morgan (ne mccall) is a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital."	"samantha ""sam"" morgan (ne mccall) is a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital."
the berries ripen over the summer, turning into a remarkable fruit that persists on the plant until frost.	the berries ripen over the summer, turning into a fruit that persists on the plant until frost.
if there are more than 21 named storms in one season (as happened in 2005), the greek alphabet is used to name any additional hurricanes , beginning with alpha, beta, gamma, delta and epsilon.	if there are more than 21 named storms in one season (as happened in 2005), the greek alphabet is used to name any additional cyclones , beginning with alpha, beta, gamma, delta and epsilon.
aboriginal traditional native food use was severely impacted by the invasion of non-indigenous people, via displacement from traditional lands, destruction of native habitat, and the introduction of non-native foods.	aboriginal traditional native food use was severely impacted by the immigration of non-indigenous people, via displacement from traditional lands, destruction of native habitat, and the introduction of non-native foods.
on april 13 2007, vanunu was informed that the israeli government has continued his house arrest in jerusalem and has renewed all the restrictions against him, for the fourth time and third year of captivity in east jerusalem.	on april 13 2007, vanunu was informed that the israeli government has continued his house arrest in jerusalem and has renewed all the restrictions against him, for the fourth time and third year of detention in east jerusalem.
in an attempt to boost sales of the album, sugababes and their label has decided to drop the price of the album to only 3.99 .	in an attempt to boost sales of the album, sugababes and their label has decided to drop the price of the album to 3.99 .
"after more than 50 years of successful operation, it closed in may 2002, due to ""difficult enrollment and financial issues."""	"after more than 50 years of operation, it closed in may 2002, due to ""difficult enrollment and financial issues."""
the premature death of the former and the undeserved overthrow of the latter led to further collapse as the normans consolidated their conquest of sicily and italy.	the premature death of the former and the overthrow of the latter led to further collapse as the normans consolidated their conquest of sicily and italy.
the fbi and the warren commission officially concluded that oswald was the lone assassin, but various groups contradicted the findings of the warren report and believed that kennedy was the victim of a conspiracy.	the fbi and the warren commission officially concluded that oswald was the lone assassin, but various groups challenged the findings of the warren report and believed that kennedy was the victim of a conspiracy.
ekberg dated the swedish super model/actress emma sjberg from 1994 to 2000. he currently lives in london with his girlfriend johanna aybar and their three children: viggo, vincent and valentina.	ekberg dated the swedish model/actress emma sjberg from 1994 to 2000. he currently lives in london with his girlfriend johanna aybar and their three children: viggo, vincent and valentina.
korukollu is a small beautiful village in kalidindi mandal,krishna district, andhra pradesh, india.	korukollu is a small village in kalidindi mandal,krishna district, andhra pradesh, india.
because metalcore is a hardcore punk / heavy metal crossover, bands such as the fall of troy and the dillinger escape plan are often mislabeled as hardcore.	because metalcore is a hardcore punk / heavy metal crossover, bands such as the fall of troy and the dillinger escape plan are often referred to as hardcore.
his tenure as leader of the baku commune was marred with numerous problems including ethnic violence between bakus armenian and azerbaijani populations, attempting to defend the city against an advancing hostile turkish army, all the while attempting to spread the cause of the revolution throughout the region.	his tenure as leader of the baku commune was marred with numerous problems including ethnic violence between bakus armenian and azerbaijani populations, attempting to defend the city against an advancing turkish army, all the while attempting to spread the cause of the revolution throughout the region.
the nephew of former chicago cubs great ryne sandberg, he is currently the manager of the class-a level hudson valley renegades in the rays organization.	the nephew of former chicago cubs second baseman ryne sandberg, he is currently the manager of the class-a level hudson valley renegades in the rays organization.
nelson rolihlahla mandela, (born july 18, 1918), was the first democratically elected black president of south africa, having previously been a prominent anti-apartheid activist there.	nelson rolihlahla mandela, (born july 18, 1918), was the first democratically elected president of south africa, having previously been a prominent anti-apartheid activist there.
they are credited with transforming chile into latin america's best performing economy and one of the world's best right-wing business climates.	they are credited with transforming chile into latin america's best performing economy and one of the world's best business climates.
the frequent shots of various clocks with the hands approaching noon increase the unbearable tension.	the frequent shots of various clocks with the hands approaching noon increase the tension.
the swan bells was opened to the public in 2001. the government of western australia took a significant amount of criticism for creating the bell tower; it was said that the significant funding allotted for the project (millions of dollars) could have been better placed into the faltering health and education systems, and that the structure could have been better designed aesthetically.	the swan bells was opened to the public in 2001. the government of western australia took a significant amount of criticism for creating the bell tower; it was said that the significant funding allotted for the project (millions of dollars) could have been better placed into the health and education systems, and that the structure could have been better designed aesthetically.
located approximately 135 km southwest of h ch minh city, vnh long is easily accessible by bus, van or car using national road 1a and the breathtaking m thun bridge.	located approximately 135 km southwest of h ch minh city, vnh long is easily accessible by bus, van or car using national road 1a and the m thun bridge.
the following sunday (23rd july) an interceltic tournament took place at wadebrige, where a team of wrestlers from brittany came over to cornwall to challenge our champions in relevant classes.	the following sunday (23rd july) an interceltic tournament took place at wadebrige, where a team of wrestlers from brittany came over to cornwall to challenge the cornish champions in relevant classes.
"under what was later labelled ""clause 61"", or the ""security clause"", by historians, a council of 25 neutral barons would be created to monitor and ensure john's future adherence to the charter, while the rebel army would stand down and london would be surrendered to the king."	"under what was later labelled ""clause 61"", or the ""security clause"", by historians, a council of 25 barons would be created to monitor and ensure john's future adherence to the charter, while the rebel army would stand down and london would be surrendered to the king."
although orientalists regard muhammad as the founder of islam, muslims believe that monotheistic faith was not created by a human but it was finally revealed by god to muhammad.	although historians regard muhammad as the founder of islam, muslims believe that monotheistic faith was not created by a human but it was finally revealed by god to muhammad.
six innocent people, the birmingham six, were later accused of carrying out the attack, convicted and served sixteen years in jail before they had their convictions overturned due to police tampering with evidence.	six people, the birmingham six, were later accused of carrying out the attack, convicted and served sixteen years in jail before they had their convictions overturned due to police tampering with evidence.
his forthright opinions and creative differences with former collaborators have become a subject a heated debate amongst some sections of comics fandom.	his opinions and creative differences with former collaborators have become a subject a heated debate amongst some sections of comics fandom.
girija vyas is an indian politician, poetess and author.	girija vyas is an indian politician, poet and author.
kazimir severinovich malevich ( , polish malewicz, ukrainian transliteration malevych, german kasimir malewitsch), (february 23, 1878 – may 15, 1935) was a painter and art theoretician, pioneer of geometric abstract art and one of the most important members of the so-called russian avantgarde.	kazimir severinovich malevich ( , polish malewicz, ukrainian transliteration malevych, german kasimir malewitsch), (february 23, 1878 – may 15, 1935) was a painter and art theoretician, pioneer of geometric abstract art and one of the most important members of the russian avantgarde.
in december 2009, mother jones magazine said api and energy citizens were promulgating climate disinformation.	in december 2009, mother jones magazine said api and energy citizens were among the most vocal sources of climate disinformation.
discovered in november 1824 by the archaeologist antonio bonucci, the house of the tragic poet has captivated scholars and writers for generations.	discovered in november 1824 by the archaeologist antonio bonucci, the house of the tragic poet has interested scholars and writers for generations.
"in response to persistent questioning from a bbc reporter, united nations secretary-general kofi annan agreed to use the word ""illegal"" to describe the 2003 u.s.-led invasion of iraq, saying that from his point of view it was not in accordance of the un charter."	"in response to questioning from a bbc reporter, united nations secretary-general kofi annan agreed to use the word ""illegal"" to describe the 2003 u.s.-led invasion of iraq, saying that from his point of view it was not in accordance of the un charter."
the indian army conducts surgical strikes on terrorist camps in pakistan across the line of control killing several terrorists .	the indian army conducts surgical strikes on terrorist camps in pakistan across the line of control killing several suspected militants .
she supports the false beliefs that vaccines cause autism, asthma, adhd and autoimmune disorders.	she supports the beliefs that vaccines cause autism, asthma, adhd and autoimmune disorders.
her husband, elliot l. gilbert, was chair of the department of english at university of california, davis, until his death in 1991. she also had a long-term relationship with david gale, renowned mathematician at university of california, berkeley, until his death in 2008.	her husband, elliot l. gilbert, was chair of the department of english at university of california, davis, until his death in 1991. she also had a long-term relationship with david gale, mathematician at university of california, berkeley, until his death in 2008.
1938 - d.august 27, 2001), the kunya-style nom de guerre of mustafa zibri, was a palestinian leader and the secretary general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp) from july 2000 until he was assassinated by israeli forces the following year.	1938 - d.august 27, 2001), the kunya-style nom de guerre of mustafa zibri, was a palestinian leader and the secretary general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp) from july 2000 until he was killed by israeli forces the following year.
neutral flag - similar to capture the flag, except there is a single flag at a neutral or center position.	center flag - similar to capture the flag, except there is a single flag at a neutral or center position.
victor joseph mignogna ( is an american voice actor and musician known for his prolific work in the anime industry and his endearing work with japanese anime characters and video games, the most notable being edward elric of the series fullmetal alchemist, for which his performance awarded the american anime award for best actor in 2007. other notable roles include broly from the dragon ball z films, tamaki suoh in ouran high school host club, fai d. flowright in tsubasa: reservoir chronicle, dark mousy in d.n.angel, and zero and ichiru kiryu in vampire knight.	victor joseph mignogna ( is an american voice actor and musician known for his prolific work in the anime industry and his work with japanese anime characters and video games, the most notable being edward elric of the series fullmetal alchemist, for which his performance awarded the american anime award for best actor in 2007. other notable roles include broly from the dragon ball z films, tamaki suoh in ouran high school host club, fai d. flowright in tsubasa: reservoir chronicle, dark mousy in d.n.angel, and zero and ichiru kiryu in vampire knight.
a dramatic photograph of guevara taken by photographer alberto korda soon became one of the century's most recognizable images, and the portrait was simplified and reproduced on a vast array of merchandise, such as t-shirts, posters, coffee mugs, and baseball caps.	a photograph of guevara taken by photographer alberto korda soon became one of the century's most recognizable images, and the portrait was simplified and reproduced on a vast array of merchandise, such as t-shirts, posters, coffee mugs, and baseball caps.
in 1961, he was traded to the afl's oakland raiders, and spent seven stellar years there.	in 1961, he was traded to the afl's oakland raiders, and spent seven years there.
wang himself became a focal point of anti-japanese resistance, and was demonized and branded as an arch-traitor in both kmt and communist propaganda .	wang himself became a focal point of anti-japanese resistance, and was demonized and branded as an arch-traitor in both kmt and communist rhetorics .
january 9 – gracie fields, british singer, actress and comedienne (d. 1979)	january 9 – gracie fields, british singer, actress and comedian (d. 1979)
paul jackson pollock (january 28, 1912 – august 11, 1956), known professionally as jackson pollock, was an influential american painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement.	paul jackson pollock (january 28, 1912 – august 11, 1956), known professionally as jackson pollock, was an american painter and a major figure in the abstract expressionist movement.
ultimately, the closest friend anne had during her tragically short life was her diary, for it was only to kitty that she entrusted her innermost thoughts.	ultimately, the closest friend anne had during her short life was her diary, for it was only to kitty that she entrusted her innermost thoughts.
in some instances, names reappear in different contexts, probably reflecting different traditions among the hebrew tribes.	in some instances, names reappear in different contexts, possibly reflecting different traditions among the hebrew tribes.
conspiracy theories are often viewed with skepticism and sometimes ridiculed because they are seldom supported by any conclusive evidence and contrast with institutional analysis, which focuses on people's collective behavior in publicly known institutions, as recorded in scholarly material and mainstream media reports, to explain historical or current events, rather than on secretive coalitions of individuals.	conspiracy theories are often viewed with skepticism and sometimes ridiculed because they are seldom supported by any conclusive evidence and contrast with institutional analysis, which focuses on people's collective behavior in publicly known institutions, as recorded in scholarly material and media reports, to explain historical or current events, rather than on secretive coalitions of individuals.
establishing a rule of law had been a crucial step towards iraqi self-sufficiency since we established a relatively safe and secure environment back in february.	establishing a rule of law had been a crucial step towards iraqi self-sufficiency since american forces established a relatively safe and secure environment back in february.
in the general election held on november 17, 2007, burford handily defeated democrat kenny ray cox of mansfield, 4,993 (63 percent) to 2,990 (37 percent) to win the house seat.	in the general election held on november 17, 2007, burford defeated democrat kenny ray cox of mansfield, 4,993 (63 percent) to 2,990 (37 percent) to win the house seat.
leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris scandal	leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris incident
stigmata are mythological bodily marks, sores, or sensations of pain in locations corresponding to the crucifixion wounds of jesus.	stigmata are bodily marks, sores, or sensations of pain in locations corresponding to the crucifixion wounds of jesus.
, is a sacred mountain in nara, japan, famous for its controversial ban on women and for its three tests of courage.	, is a mountain in nara, japan, famous for its controversial ban on women and for its three tests of courage.
"in a 2005 lewrockwell.com article, dilorenzo defended the league's social and political views, concluding that it ""advocates peace and prosperity in the tradition of a george washington or a thomas jefferson""."	"in a 2005 lewrockwell.com article, dilorenzo examined criticism of the league's social and political views, concluding that it ""advocates peace and prosperity in the tradition of a george washington or a thomas jefferson""."
"the character's identity and motivation were expanded upon and the character finally became three-dimensional, using his fear inducing devices for the first time in the show's final season's memorable episode '''""the fear""."	"the character's identity and motivation were expanded upon and the character finally became three-dimensional, using his fear inducing devices for the first time in the show's final season's episode '''""the fear""."
in july 2007, the ssg was the main assault terrisot force which re-took the lal masjid from extremists.	in july 2007, the ssg was the main assault force which re-took the lal masjid from extremists.
sadly the village's only pub, the buck, was purchased and run down by property developers and closed in 2012 for conversion to private housing.	the village's only pub, the buck, was purchased and run down by property developers and closed in 2012 for conversion to private housing.
after pressing the circle button a few times, minos is killed when the spinning wheel splits his face in half.	after pressing the indicated button a few times, minos is killed when the spinning wheel splits his face in half.
the lagan valley aonb is an area of outstanding natural beauty in the valley of the river lagan in ulster .	the lagan valley aonb is an area of outstanding natural beauty in the valley of the river lagan in northern ireland .
"cesare called for a reconciliation, but wisely imprisoned his condottieri in senigallia, a feat described as a ""wonderful deceiving"" by paolo giovio, and had them executed."	"cesare called for a reconciliation, but imprisoned his condottieri in senigallia, a feat described as a ""wonderful deceiving"" by paolo giovio, and had them executed."
but it goes on to emphasize that we should also actively improve the human body with technology, to overcome all biological limitations such as mortality, physical weakness, tiny memory capacity, etc.	but it goes on to emphasize that we should also actively improve the human body with technology, to overcome all biological limitations such as mortality, physical weakness, limited memory capacity, etc.
excellent summary of chloe jones' life	summary of chloe jones' life
unfortunately , no print, gramophone record or songbook of the film is known to survive, making it a lost film.	however , no print, gramophone record or songbook of the film is known to survive, making it a lost film.
the serbian community in london was mainly settled here immediately after world war ii by britains ex-combatant serbian allies who stayed in britain, not wishing to be repatriated to the oppressive communist regime at home.	the serbian community in london was mainly settled here immediately after world war ii by britains ex-combatant serbian allies who stayed in britain, not wishing to be repatriated to the communist regime at home.
ami horowitz is an american documentary filmmaker .	ami horowitz is an american filmmaker.
austria (now a member of eu, see below): neutral country since 1955, maintain external independence and inviolability of borders (expressly modelled on the swiss neutrality).	missippi (now a member of eu, see below): neutral country since 1955, maintain external independence and inviolability of borders (expressly modelled on the swiss neutrality).
neoconservatism and american jewry - from the white-nationalist occidental quarterly	neoconservatism and american jewry - from the occidental quarterly
the post-war economic miracle	the post-war economic growth
in a later broadcast, o'reilly responds to a viewer's attempt to correct his previous night's false claim about malmedy.	in a later broadcast, o'reilly responds to a viewer's attempt to correct his previous night's claim about malmedy.
dark messiah: might and magic is another fine creation by the ubisoft company well known for its amazing landscapes and dazzling creatures.	dark messiah: might and magic is another creation by the ubisoft company well known for its amazing landscapes and dazzling creatures.
during his career he has worked with such world-renowned musicians as: steve vai, al di meola, marco mendoza, heather headley, djivan gasparyan, dominique di piazza, to name a few.	during his career he has worked with such musicians as: steve vai, al di meola, marco mendoza, heather headley, djivan gasparyan, dominique di piazza, to name a few.
as of 2013, issa is a self-made multi-millionaire with a net worth estimated at as much as $450 million, which, if accurate, makes him the wealthiest currently-serving member of congress.	as of 2013, issa is a multi-millionaire with a net worth estimated at as much as $450 million, which, if accurate, makes him the wealthiest currently-serving member of congress.
dirty weekend (1991) is a novel by helen zahavi, adapted into a film two years later by zahavi and acclaimed director michael winner.	dirty weekend (1991) is a novel by helen zahavi, adapted into a film two years later by zahavi and director michael winner.
carlos the jackal ( infamous criminal)	carlos the jackal (criminal)
many baseball fans lament that, while two world wars, earthquakes, and other disasters could not cancel a world series, greed could and did.	many baseball fans lament that, while two world wars, earthquakes, and other disasters could not cancel a world series, financial issues could and did.
"their song, ""fearless"", played during the credits of the awful russian film night watch."	"their song, ""fearless"", played during the credits of the russian film night watch."
the u.s. gdp fell 6.2% in the final three months of 2008, the worst decline since the first quarter of 1982.	the u.s. gdp fell 6.2% in the final three months of 2008, the strongest decline since the first quarter of 1982.
european artists coming to north america contributed to the public appreciation of pottery as art, and included marguerite wildenhain, maija grotell, and particularly gertrude and otto natzler.	european artists coming to north america contributed to the public appreciation of pottery as art, and included marguerite wildenhain, maija grotell, and gertrude and otto natzler.
general suharto (born june 8, 1921) was an indonesian dictator and military strongman.	general suharto (born june 8, 1921) was an indonesian leader and military strongman.
mitchel read the first news bulletin on january 1, 1962. he received numerous honours, being awarded television personality of the year and was the first rt presenter to be awarded a prestigious jacobs award.	mitchel read the first news bulletin on january 1, 1962. he received numerous honours, being awarded television personality of the year and was the first rt presenter to be awarded a jacobs award.
after retiring from the army, gen. graham's goal was to promote a defense against nuclear weapons.	after retiring from the army, graham's goal was to promote a defense against nuclear weapons.
belligerent armies' men and material may not be transported across neutral territory, but the wounded may be.	belligerent armies' personnel and material may not be transported across neutral territory, but the wounded may be.
metabolism and elimination only trace amounts (<1%) of unchanged duloxetine are present in the urine and most of the dose (aprox 70%) appears in the urine as metabolites of duloxetine with about 20% excreted in the feces.	metabolism and elimination trace amounts (<1%) of unchanged duloxetine are present in the urine and most of the dose (aprox 70%) appears in the urine as metabolites of duloxetine with about 20% excreted in the feces.
"in addition, the author of the state department release claims that the nsa ""is a cryptological (codemaking and codebreaking) organization, not an economic organization"" and that its missions do not involve ""anything remotely resembling placing economists at private companies in order to increase the debt of foreign countries."""	"in addition, the author of the state department release states that the nsa ""is a cryptological (codemaking and codebreaking) organization, not an economic organization"" and that its missions do not involve ""anything remotely resembling placing economists at private companies in order to increase the debt of foreign countries."""
jennifer paige (born september 3 1973) is an american singer-songwriter, who rose to stardom in the early years of teen-pop spree and is probably best remembered for her 1998 smash pop-hit crush.	jennifer paige (born september 3 1973) is an american singer-songwriter, who rose to stardom in the early years of teen-pop spree and is probably best remembered for her 1998 pop-hit crush.
"at the time, bavarian porn seemed outrageous and shocking to the older generation, who had been indoctrinated by the ""family values"" of the repressive national socialist regime, not to mention traditional german sexual morality."	"at the time, bavarian porn seemed outrageous and shocking to the older generation, who had been indoctrinated by the ""family values"" of the benevolent national socialist regime, not to mention traditional german sexual morality."
it then blew apart davidson's stable and carried two of his horses a quarter of mile, with both horses surviving the journey.	the tornado then blew apart davidson's stable and carried two of his horses a quarter of mile, with both horses surviving the journey.
such action were coupled with populist acts, such as distributing free soup to the poor.	such action were coupled with popular acts, such as distributing free soup to the poor.
in 2014 as the 2014 israelgaza conflict escalated, north korea negotiated arms deals with hamas to support their offensive against israel.	in 2014 as the 2014 israelgaza conflict escalated, north korea negotiated arms deals with hamas to support their defence against israel.
prosecutors in the office of the los angeles county district attorney ruled that those actions, along with failure to enroll in a court-ordered alcohol education program constituted a violation of the terms of her probation.	prosecutors in the office of the los angeles county district attorney said that those actions, along with failure to enroll in a court-ordered alcohol education program constituted a violation of the terms of her probation.
"on september 18, 2005, in an interview with the canadian press, wilkins was asked whether the united states regretted ""rendering"" innocent canadian maher arar to syria, where he was tortured."	"on september 18, 2005, in an interview with the canadian press, wilkins was asked whether the united states regretted ""rendering"" canadian maher arar to syria, where he was tortured."
wyatt became known for her role as tiffany hill donely on the popular soap general hospital.	wyatt became known for her role as tiffany hill donely on the soap general hospital.
ex-u.s. secretary of defense donald rumsfeld is accused of quoting the bible while briefing president george w. bush.	ex-u.s. secretary of defense donald rumsfeld is reported as having of quoting the bible while briefing president george w. bush.
"it was primarily recorded in a basement in port townsend, washington and was released in 2001. the album has the dubious distinction of being released in the u.s. on september 11, 2001, the date of the terrorist attacks on the world trade center, and coincidentally containing the song ""nyc's like a graveyard."""	"it was primarily recorded in a basement in port townsend, washington and was released in 2001. the album has the dubious distinction of being released in the u.s. on september 11, 2001, the date of the attacks on the world trade center, and coincidentally containing the song ""nyc's like a graveyard."""
the teku are the best racing team in acceleracers.	the teku are the second racing team in acceleracers.
burleigh is a liberal feminist.	burleigh is a feminist.
the king david hotel bombing was an terrorist attack carried out on monday july 22, 1946 by the militant zionist underground organization, the irgun, on the british administrative headquarters for palestine, which was housed in the southern wing of the king david hotel in jerusalem.	the king david hotel bombing was an attack carried out on monday july 22, 1946 by the militant zionist underground organization, the irgun, on the british administrative headquarters for palestine, which was housed in the southern wing of the king david hotel in jerusalem.
although the county seat is shell lake, spooner boasts a larger population.	although the county seat is shell lake, spooner has a larger population.
...that the main building of the krzytopr castle (pictured), an impressive baroque structure in poland, has been a ruin since the swedish deluge?	...that the main building of the krzytopr castle (pictured), an baroque structure in poland, has been a ruin since the swedish deluge?
today most warez files are distributed to the public via bittorrent and rapidshare .	today most warez files are distributed to the public via bittorrent and one-click_hosting sites .
she has two dog-like minions called zuul (the gatekeeper) and vinz clortho (the keymaster).	gozer has two dog-like minions called zuul (the gatekeeper) and vinz clortho (the keymaster).
the film archive provides a glimpse into sja's involvement with the film industry and a huge photographic collection gives fascinating insights into individual lives and social change, as well as the changing organisation.	the film archive provides a glimpse into sja's involvement with the film industry and a huge photographic collection gives insights into individual lives and social change, as well as the changing organisation.
vladimir lossky, a noted modern eastern orthodox theologian, notes the difference in east and west is due to the roman catholic church's use of pagan metaphysical philosophy (and scholasticism) rather then actual experience of god called theoria, to validate the theological dogmas of roman catholic christianity.	vladimir lossky, a noted modern eastern orthodox theologian, argues the difference in east and west is due to the roman catholic church's use of pagan metaphysical philosophy (and scholasticism) rather then actual experience of god called theoria, to validate the theological dogmas of roman catholic christianity.
the drama stars british actor pete postlethwaite, who is supported by actress and comedienne crissy rock.	the drama stars british actor pete postlethwaite, who is supported by actress and comedian crissy rock.
jaume roures llop (originally jaime robles lobo )(born 1950) is a spanish businessman, film producer, political activist and media mogul.	jaume roures llop (originally jaime robles lobo )(born 1950) is a catalan businessman, film producer, political activist and media mogul.
shamil salmanovich basayev (russian: ) (january 14, 1965 july 9, 2006) was a chechen separatist vice-president, guerrilla leader, self- admitted terrorist, and one of chechnya's most famed contemporary national heroes.	shamil salmanovich basayev (russian: ) (january 14, 1965 july 9, 2006) was a chechen separatist vice-president, guerrilla leader, self- described terrorist, and one of chechnya's most famed contemporary national heroes.
a march 10-13, 2011 poll by ppp (sponsored by daily kos) shows that voters in hopper's district disapprove of his job performance 47-38 and support recall by 11 points.	a march 10-13, 2011 poll by ppp (sponsored by daily kos) shows that daily kos visitors in hopper's district disapprove of his job performance 47-38 and support recall by 11 points.
over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with many public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.	over the years, o'reilly has been criticized by or had disputes with some public figures including al franken, bill moyers, george clooney, 50 cent, rosie o'donnell, arianna huffington, mark cuban, nas, joe scarborough, and keith olbermann, sometimes in response to commentary by o'reilly.
the model minority myth relies on the aggregation of success indicators, hiding the plight of recent first-generation immigrants under the high success rate of more established asian communities.	the model minority label relies on the aggregation of success indicators, hiding the plight of recent first-generation immigrants under the high success rate of more established asian communities.
jose guerena was a u.s. marine veteran who served in the iraq war and was murdered in his tucson, arizona home, on may 5, 2011, by officers of the pima county swat team, while they were executing a warrant for search of his home.	jose guerena was a u.s. marine veteran who served in the iraq war and was fatally shot in his tucson, arizona home, on may 5, 2011, by officers of the pima county swat team, while they were executing a warrant for search of his home.
thus, as the number of native speakers continues do dwindle alarmingly , there is growing interest in some quarters in keeping the language alive, yet still very little official support (cf.	thus, as the number of native speakers continues do dwindle, there is growing interest in some quarters in keeping the language alive, yet still very little official support (cf.
as the iberian peninsula was slowly regained by christians attacking southward in the long process known as the reconquista, the name al-andalus came to refer to the muslim-dominated lands of the former visigothic hispania.	as the iberian peninsula was eventually regained by christians attacking southward in the long process known as the reconquista, the name al-andalus came to refer to the muslim-dominated lands of the former visigothic hispania.
the company transformed from a commercial trading venture to one that virtually ruled india as it acquired auxiliary governmental and military functions, until its dissolution in 1858 following the events of the indian mutiny .	the company transformed from a commercial trading venture to one that virtually ruled india as it acquired auxiliary governmental and military functions, until its dissolution in 1858 following the events of the indian rebellion of 1857 .
i spy is a fun guessing game usually played in families with young children, partly to assist in both observation and in alphabet familiarity.	i spy is a guessing game usually played in families with young children, partly to assist in both observation and in alphabet familiarity.
peter croft canadian free soloist extraordinaire .	peter croft canadian free soloist and author of ski mountaineering .
november 9 - savage japanese troops take shanghai.	november 9 - japanese troops take shanghai.
there is no reliable evidence that she ever shot anyone, nor was there any warrant alleging she committed any murder any the time she was ambushed and murdered .	there is no reliable evidence that she ever shot anyone, nor was there any warrant alleging she committed any murder any the time she was ambushed and killed .
tower of babel - biblical myth	tower of babel - biblical story
is a japanese movie that was directed by yoshimitsu morita in 1983. the movie cynically portrays the changing dynamics of japanese family life around the time.	is a japanese movie that was directed by yoshimitsu morita in 1983. the movie portrays the changing dynamics of japanese family life around the time.
however,a few confederates discussed arming slaves since the early stages of the war, and some free blacks had even offered to fight for the south.	however,a few confederates discussed arming slaves since the early stages of the war, and some free blacks had offered to fight for the south.
o'sullivan won 3 triple crowns with ireland, in 2004, 2006 and 2007 but unfortunately failed to win a championship with ireland's golden generation of rugby players.	o'sullivan won 3 triple crowns with ireland, in 2004, 2006 and 2007 but failed to win a championship with ireland's golden generation of rugby players.
groups regarded as untermenschen included jews, poles gypsies, altaic peoples and africans.	groups regarded as untermenschen included jews, gypsies, altaic peoples and africans.
mortdecai has been met with largely negative reviews.	mortdecai has been met with generally negative reviews.
the most important landmark in the history of the naga people with considerable social, cultural and political ramifications is the arrival of missionaries and the forced conversion to christianity among the naga tribes.	the most important landmark in the history of the naga people with considerable social, cultural and political ramifications is the arrival of missionaries and the conversion to christianity among the naga tribes.
lorenzo has become known for his rossi-like celebration antics, which have become more frequent over the 2010 season.	lorenzo has become known for his celebration antics, which have become more frequent over the 2010 season.
the look of the new grandstand was striking, and the owners christened it palace of the fans.	the look of the new grandstand was striking, and the owners named it palace of the fans.
"guarding the lagoon from her perch on dragon point, ""annie"" was a favorite landmark for both locals and boaters."	"guarding the lagoon from her perch on dragon point, ""annie"" was a landmark for both locals and boaters."
in november 2009 hackers broke into a server used by the cru and stole a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents found.	in november 2009 hackers broke into a server used by the cru and released a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents found.
the public unfairly blamed roman catholic conspirators for the fire.	the public blamed roman catholic conspirators for the fire.
at the minster his duties include direction of its famous choir; he is also music director of saint peter's singers of leeds, a chamber choir founded by harry fearnley in 1977. he serves in addition as music director of overgate hospice choir halifax and leeds college of music community choral society.	at the minster his duties include direction of its choir; he is also music director of saint peter's singers of leeds, a chamber choir founded by harry fearnley in 1977. he serves in addition as music director of overgate hospice choir halifax and leeds college of music community choral society.
"stuart jeffries of the british left-wing newspaper the guardian was cautiously optimistic about a non-british actor playing thatcher, but expressed concern that its ""narrative trajectory"" could overlook ""rage about what thatcher, economy destroyer and warmonger, was doing to britain"" in favour of an ""exclusive focus on thatcher as a woman triumphing against the odds."""	"stuart jeffries of the british newspaper the guardian was cautiously optimistic about a non-british actor playing thatcher, but expressed concern that its ""narrative trajectory"" could overlook ""rage about what thatcher, economy destroyer and warmonger, was doing to britain"" in favour of an ""exclusive focus on thatcher as a woman triumphing against the odds."""
the circumstances surrounding her untimely death have been the subject of much speculation, but have not tarnished her reputation as a legendary screen actress.	the circumstances surrounding her death have been the subject of much speculation, but have not tarnished her reputation as a legendary screen actress.
the town of st. asaph is surrounded by beautiful countryside and views of the vale of clwyd.	the town of st. asaph is surrounded by countryside and views of the vale of clwyd.
child sex tourism is a criminal multi-billion-dollar industry believed to victimize as many as 2 million children around the world.	child sex tourism is a criminal multi-billion-dollar industry believed to involve as many as 2 million children around the world.
farmers markets in the area, including the nassau bay farmers market and the farmers market at clear lake shores, provide regular opportunities for area residents to connect with local growers, producers, and other businesses.	farmers markets in the area, including the nassau bay farmers market and the farmers market at clear lake shores, provide opportunities for area residents to connect with local growers, producers, and other businesses.
cheikh anta diop (29 december, 1923 in thieytou, diourbel region - 7 february, 1986 in dakar) was an afrocentric historian, anthropologist, physicist and politician who studied the human race's origins and pre-colonial african culture.	cheikh anta diop (29 december, 1923 in thieytou, diourbel region - 7 february, 1986 in dakar) was an african historian, anthropologist, physicist and politician who studied the human race's origins and pre-colonial african culture.
the right lane of a typical autobahn is often crowded with trucks, and too often, trucks pull out to overtake.	the right lane of a typical autobahn is often crowded with trucks, and often, trucks pull out to overtake.
windowlab 1.4 xsession running on debian 7 gnu/ linux	windowlab 1.4 xsession running on debian 7 linux
18 october anna russell, singer and comedienne , 94	18 october anna russell, singer and comedian , 94
it has been recently renovated (2009) and includes some original examples of his excellent taxidermy work.	it has been recently renovated (2009) and includes some original examples of his taxidermy work.
the church was founded in 1864 by 20 brave pioneers around the time abraham lincoln was drafting his gettysburg address.	the church was founded in 1864 by 20 pioneers around the time abraham lincoln was drafting his gettysburg address.
current users include several international special forces/counter-terrorist groups (including the renowned french gign) and a large number of local police department swat teams (including some in the united states).	current users include several international special forces/counter-terrorist groups (including the french gign) and a large number of local police department swat teams (including some in the united states).
tweedy explained belzer's dismissal :	tweedy explained belzer's departure :
the clinton campaign had originally planned for a delayed announcement, possibly as late as july, but the campaign felt the need to advance that timeline due to publicity surrounding the emailgate controversy.	the clinton campaign had originally planned for a delayed announcement, possibly as late as july, but the campaign felt the need to advance that timeline due to publicity surrounding the email controversy .
unfortunately , the japanese attack on pearl harbor brought much of the americas into world war ii, thus forcing the cancellation of the 1942 games.	however , the japanese attack on pearl harbor brought much of the americas into world war ii, thus forcing the cancellation of the 1942 games.
during the war of 1812 the sheriff's office was involved in an incident which resulted in the writing of our national anthem.	during the war of 1812 the sheriff's office was involved in an incident which resulted in the writing of the united states national anthem.
bbc costume and wigs - trading as part of bbc studios - was the second largest collection of its kind in the uk, after the leading suppliers angels the costumiers.	bbc costume and wigs - trading as part of bbc studios - was the second largest collection of its kind in the uk, after the suppliers angels the costumiers.
rotheram was severely criticised for this stance, as experts claimed there was enough legislation in place to deal with the problem.	rotheram was criticised for this stance, as experts claimed there was enough legislation in place to deal with the problem.
colspan=2| congress body !!	colspan=2| bicameral body !!
dr. nathan cooley keep (1800–1875) was a great pioneer in the field of dentistry, and the founding dean of the harvard school of dental medicine.	dr. nathan cooley keep (1800–1875) was a pioneer in the field of dentistry, and the founding dean of the harvard school of dental medicine.
the ross sea is one of the last stretches of seas on earth that has remains relatively unaffected by human activities.	the ross sea is one of the last stretches of seas on earth that remains relatively unaffected by human activities.
he eloquently defended the english revolution of 1688, and yet attacked the french revolution bitterly.	he defended the english revolution of 1688, and yet attacked the french revolution bitterly.
derek redmond famous olympic runner was born and raised in the town.	derek redmond the olympic runner was born and raised in the town.
hippias, the aged ex-tyrant of athens, is on one of the persian ships in the hope of being restored to power in athens.	hippias, the aged of athens, is on one of the persian ships in the hope of being restored to power in athens.
a spokesman for the labour party also noted that tong's views differed from the remarks made by pope francis.	a spokesman for the labour party also said that tong's views differed from the remarks made by pope francis.
cuba has had good doctors for centuries such as carlos finlay, who determined how yellow fever was spread; thus during the 1898-1902 us presence in cuba with much heroic sacrifice such as that of clara louise maas yellow fever was essentially eliminated.	cuba has had doctors for centuries such as carlos finlay, who determined how yellow fever was spread; thus during the 1898-1902 us presence in cuba with much heroic sacrifice such as that of clara louise maas yellow fever was essentially eliminated.
benevolent dictatorship is a form of government in which an authoritarian leader exercises political power in a constructive and non-tyrannical way.	benevolent dictatorship is a form of government in which an authoritarian leader exercises political power in an allegedly constructive and non-tyrannical way.
a unique and spectacular style, maya architecture spans several thousands of years.	a unique and intricate style, maya architecture spans several thousands of years.
kull warriors are given suits impervious to all common weapons, goa'uld energy weapons, and explosives, including c-4 and other highly explosive compounds.	kull warriors are given suits impervious to all projectile weapons, goa'uld energy weapons, and explosives, including c-4 and other highly explosive compounds.
the charming young man quickly seduced nico and caused tension among the runaways.	the young man quickly seduced nico and caused tension among the runaways.
he is well-known as a promoter of strong ties between muslims and christians and has even challenged the vatican to make greater efforts to encourage such ties.	he is well-known as a promoter of strong ties between muslims and christians and has challenged the vatican to make greater efforts to encourage such ties.
the city developed rapidly after world war ii, but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when it was hit by a sizable earthquake.	the city developed rapidly after world war ii, but this trend was interrupted in 1963 when it was hit by a disastrous earthquake.
the death of arce, who was of mexican heritage, stirred deep controversy within the los angeles community at the time, and he has become somewhat of a martyr among vandalism supporters and other social activists.	the death of arce, who was of mexican heritage, stirred deep controversy within the los angeles community at the time, and he has become somewhat of a martyr among graffiti artist supporters and other social activists.
interestingly it has been noted that both the enterprise d and enterprise e have fallen victim to the fan-made 'troi maneuver' in which during star trek generations and star trek nemesis the counselor takes the helm of both vessels during combat and crashes both ships, respectively.	it has been noted that both the enterprise d and enterprise e have fallen victim to the fan-made 'troi maneuver' in which during star trek generations and star trek nemesis the counselor takes the helm of both vessels during combat and crashes both ships, respectively.
an odorizer may add an odorant to a dangerous odorless substance, like propane, natural gas, or hydrogen, as a warning .	an odorizer may add an odorant to a dangerous odorless substance, like propane, natural gas, or hydrogen, as a safety measure .
"possessing no powers other than his highly developed brain and brawn, the crew cut, yellow and red spacesuit-clad ""guardian of the solar system"" (later ""guardian of the universe"") armed himself with a vast variety of super-scientific gadgets like the handy all-purpose multi-ray pistol he wore on his weapon belt."	"possessing no powers other than his highly developed brain and brawn, the crew cut, yellow and red spacesuit-clad ""guardian of the solar system"" (later ""guardian of the universe"") armed himself with a vast variety of super-scientific gadgets like the all-purpose multi-ray pistol he wore on his weapon belt."
she made her film debut in the 1995 controversial teen drama kids.	she made her film debut in the 1995 teen drama kids.
excellent photo series illustrating many details of the anatomy	photo series illustrating many details of the anatomy
it was first published in 5 parts, from 15 december 1896 to 15 february 1897, in the revue de paris and calmann-lvy published the novel as it is now known, with two parts, on 10 march 1897.	it was first published in 5 parts, from 15 december 1896 to 15 february 1897, in the revue de paris and calmann-lvy published the novel as it is now known, with two parts, on 10 march 1897. a version was staged in paris, in 1910, with music by gabriel piern.
laura jeanne reese witherspoon (born march 22, 1976) is an american actor who has won an academy award and established herself as one of the highest-paid female hollywood actors in recent years.	laura jeanne reese witherspoon (born march 22, 1976) is an american actress who has won an academy award and established herself as one of the highest-paid female hollywood actors in recent years.
holly is abraham's beautiful girlfriend.	holly is abraham's girlfriend.
it is one of the last remaining communist states and its government is often described as stalinist, totalitarian, and isolationist.	it is one of the last remaining socialist states and its government is often described as stalinist, totalitarian, and isolationist.
kfte formed a successful side project called dead kings with members of batmobile, nekromantix, klingonz & milwaukee wildmen.	kfte formed a side project called dead kings with members of batmobile, nekromantix, klingonz & milwaukee wildmen.
snchez, who also headed an assist for theo walcott's opening goal, became the first chilean to score in an fa cup final since newcastle united's george robledo in 1952. he capped off his impressive first season by winning arsenal's player of the year award.	snchez, who also headed an assist for theo walcott's opening goal, became the first chilean to score in an fa cup final since newcastle united's george robledo in 1952. he capped off his first season by winning arsenal's player of the year award.
mohammed munaf (born in 1952 or 1953) is an iraqi-american being held prisoner at camp cropper, ostensibly by the multinational force in iraq.	mohammed munaf (born in 1952 or 1953) is an iraqi-american being held prisoner at camp cropper, by the multinational force in iraq.
grammer then spent two years at the prestigious juilliard school.	grammer then spent two years at the juilliard school.
amanda bearse (born 1958), american actress, director and comedienne best known for playing marcy on married...with children	amanda bearse (born 1958), american actress, director and comedian best known for playing marcy on married...with children
during the tenure of amos t. akerman (18211880) as attorney general of the united states from 1870 to 1871, thousands of indictments were brought against klansmen in an effort to enforce the civil rights acts of 1866 and the force acts of 1870 and 1871. as u.s. attorney general amos t. akerman set up a justice system that vigorously prosecuted the ku klux klan.	during the tenure of amos t. akerman (18211880) as attorney general of the united states from 1870 to 1871, thousands of indictments were brought against klansmen in an effort to enforce the civil rights acts of 1866 and the enforcement acts of 1870 and 1871. as u.s. attorney general amos t. akerman set up a justice system that vigorously prosecuted the ku klux klan.
two sites have been proposed as marco polo's birthplace: one in venice's former contrada of san giovanni crisostomo, normally presented by historians as the birthplace, and one on the island of korula (curzola), in what is now croatia.	two sites have been indicated as marco polo's birthplace: one in venice's former contrada of san giovanni crisostomo, normally presented by historians as the birthplace, and one on the island of korula (curzola), in what is now croatia.
its editorial leanings are generally considered to be liberal lies , in contrast to its more conservative-leaning competitor, the tampa tribune.	its editorial leanings are generally considered to be liberal, in contrast to its more conservative-leaning competitor, the tampa tribune.
ankush is a very career-focused person .	ankush is a career-focused person .
"on november 31, 1941, a few days after the events of november 7 and 8, 1938 (the brutal anti-jewish pogrom known as ""kristallnacht""), a delegation of british jewish leaders appealed in person to the british prime minister neville chamberlain."	"on november 31, 1941, a few days after the events of november 7 and 8, 1938 (the anti-jewish pogrom known as ""kristallnacht""), a delegation of british jewish leaders appealed in person to the british prime minister neville chamberlain."
this satire of self-help style guides manipulates traditional stuffy british conventions for the gamester, all life being a game, who understands that if you're not one-up, you're one-down.	this satire of self-help style guides manipulates traditional british conventions for the gamester, all life being a game, who understands that if you're not one-up, you're one-down.
the general elections were the second elections held in the history of the country as well as the first after the dismemberment of the country.	the general elections were the second elections held in the history of the country as well as the first after the split of the country.
alexis israel ros (born february 18, 1981 in coffee, alabama) mostly known as alex rios is a puerto rican major league baseball right fielder, that plays for the toronto blue jays.	alexis israel ros (born february 18, 1981 in coffee, alabama) also known as alex rios is a puerto rican major league baseball right fielder, that plays for the toronto blue jays.
in 2009 abi was asked to play in john godber's classic play 'up n under' to celebrate it's 25th anniversary at the newly refurbished hull truck theatre, hull.	in 2009 abi was asked to play in john godber's play 'up n under' to celebrate it's 25th anniversary at the newly refurbished hull truck theatre, hull.
he began his career dogging richard m. nixon in the 1950s while working for u.s. senate candidate helen gahagan douglas.	he began his career doing opposition research against richard m. nixon in the 1950s while working for u.s. senate candidate helen gahagan douglas.
she came to fame in 2000, after an oscar-nominated role in the drama almost famous, and has since established herself as a hollywood lead actress, starring in several successful films, including how to lose a guy in 10 days, the skeleton key, and you, me, and dupree.	she came to fame in 2000, after an oscar-nominated role in the drama almost famous, and has since established herself as a hollywood lead actress, starring in several films, including how to lose a guy in 10 days, the skeleton key, and you, me, and dupree.
he has acknowledged the influence of many guitarists including jeff beck and fusion virtuoso allan holdsworth.	he has acknowledged the influence of many guitarists including jeff beck and fusion guitarist allan holdsworth.
both books have gained wide respect in conservative evangelical social practice among singles, and together have been responsible for the circulation of the word courtship, a term harris and his followers prefer to dating.	both books have gained wide respect in conservative evangelical social practice among singles, and together have been responsible for the circulation of the word courtship, a term harris and his supporters prefer to dating.
making it one of several subtle literary adaptations among d&d modules.	making it one of several literary adaptations among d&d modules.
legal commentators generally agreed that israel was required to respond with only a proportional use of force in the face of violent resistance; whether the actual force used was proportional, was disputed.	legal commentators generally agreed that israel was required to respond with only a proportional use of force in the face of resistance; whether the actual force used was proportional, was disputed.
in the duodenum, gastric acid is neutralized by sodium bicarbonate.	in the duodenum, gastric acid is nurtigrain by sodium bicarbonate.
the neo-fascist british national party (bnp) candidate nicholas geri, who is of italian descent, wins a surprise victory in a local government by-election to thurrock borough council in essex.	the right wing british national party (bnp) candidate nicholas geri, who is of italian descent, wins a surprise victory in a local government by-election to thurrock borough council in essex.
the harvard law library eventually relented, and made available to scholars the extensive holmes papers, carefully collected and annotated by mark dewolfe howe, who unfortunately died before he was able to complete his own biography of the justice.	the harvard law library eventually relented, and made available to scholars the extensive holmes papers, carefully collected and annotated by mark dewolfe howe, who died before he was able to complete his own biography of the justice.
"he has even hypocritically joked about his former illegal status, comparing himself to a ""reformed drunk at a temperance meeting."""	"he has even joked about his former illegal status, comparing himself to a ""reformed drunk at a temperance meeting."""
due to legislation restricting or preventing docking, natural bobtails are growing in importance in the hobby of dog fancying for some traditionally docked breeds.	due to legislation restricting or preventing docking, natural bobtails are growing in popularity in the hobby of dog fancying for some traditionally docked breeds.
he is a leader of the nochnoy dozor advocacy group that has opposed the relocation of the bronze soldier of tallinn aggressor memorial.	he is a leader of the nochnoy dozor advocacy group that has opposed the relocation of the bronze soldier of tallinn memorial.
the two surviving teams from the divisional playoff games meet in conference championship games, with the winners of those contests going on to face one another in the super bowl in a game located at a neutral venue that is usually either indoors or in a warm-weather locale.	the two surviving teams from the divisional playoff games meet in conference championship games, with the winners of those contests going on to face one another in the super bowl in a game located at a predetermined venue that is usually either indoors or in a warm-weather locale.
this further exasperated opponents claim although cagw receives 78% of its funds from individuals and only 21% from corporations and foundations.	this further exasperated opponents claim although cagw claims to receive 78% of its funds from individuals and only 21% from corporations and foundations.
the comic book, produced for years by marvel comics, enjoyed surprising success, thanks in no small part to the unique television advertising and the writing talents of larry hama, who worked closely with hasbro to develop a unique identity, background story, and personality for each character.	the comic book, produced for years by marvel comics, enjoyed success, thanks in no small part to the unique television advertising and the writing talents of larry hama, who worked closely with hasbro to develop a unique identity, background story, and personality for each character.
"they also subscribe to the same false and discredited definition of ""aryan"" as the nazis who promulgated the nordic theory of the ""master race""."	"they 're have been accusations that they subscribe to the same false and discredited definition of ""aryan"" as the nazis who promulgated the nordic theory of the ""master race""."
there were also 8 udr members murdered ), 12 ruc members and injured 190 soldiers and 150 police, along with more civilians	there were also 8 udr members slain ), 12 ruc members and injured 190 soldiers and 150 police, along with more civilians
located at 28 place vendme this paris store is distinguished by its inspiring display of colours.. from its establishment in 1838, it has been a reputed purveyor of shirts, ties and suits and more recently ladies' blouses.	located at 28 place vendme this paris store is famous by its inspiring display of colours.. from its establishment in 1838, it has been a reputed purveyor of shirts, ties and suits and more recently ladies' blouses.
armeniaazerbaijan relations in the eurovision song contest has been hostile at best because of their ongoing conflict over the region called nagorno-karabakh which has been under armenian occupation since 1993.	armeniaazerbaijan relations in the eurovision song contest has been hostile at best because of their ongoing conflict over the region called nagorno-karabakh which has been under armenian control since 1993.
as a non-profit organization, much of tcgh revenues stay within our county in the form of purchases and payroll as well as the reinvestment by adventist health in upgrading equipment.	as a non-profit organization, much of tcgh revenues stay within tillamook county in the form of purchases and payroll as well as the reinvestment by adventist health in upgrading equipment.
an advert aired on 20 december 2011, featuring former celebrity housemates amy childs, jedward and kerry katona and presenter brian dowling on channel 5. this series brought back the live streaming previously used when the show was on channel 4 on sister channel 5. the series was won by actress and television star denise welch.	an advert aired on 20 december 2011, featuring former celebrity housemates amy childs, jedward and kerry katona and presenter brian dowling on channel 5. this series brought back the live streaming previously used when the show was on channel 4 on sister channel 5. the series was won by actress and television presenter denise welch.
the cms experiment could not confirm the existence of the particle in an august 2016 report.	the cms experiment did not confirm the existence of the particle in an august 2016 report.
the film was a massive success at the box office, earning over $429,632,142 worldwide in ticket receipts.	the film was a success at the box office, earning over $429,632,142 worldwide in ticket receipts.
on august 26, 2015, it was reported that duggar checked himself into an unnamed rehabilitation facility, which his family only described as a long-term treatment center.	on august 26, 2015, it was reported that duggar checked himself into an unnamed rehabilitation facility, which his family described as a long-term treatment center.
nas4free is a reliable network-attached storage (nas) server software.	nas4free is a network-attached storage (nas) server software.
"ken masugi of the claremont institute in national review contends that ""dilorenzo frequently distorts the meaning of the primary sources he cites, lincoln most of all."""	"ken masugi of the claremont institute in national review wrote that ""dilorenzo frequently distorts the meaning of the primary sources he cites, lincoln most of all."""
"for example, filipino females are often addressed by the degratory term ""bun mui"" and male filipino ""bun jai"" (literally, filipino girl and filipino boy, respectively)."	"for example, filipino females are sometimes addressed by the degratory term ""bun mui"" and male filipino ""bun jai"" (literally, filipino girl and filipino boy, respectively)."
keith miller is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by david spinx.	keith miller is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by david spinx.
whitney cummings: comedienne and co-creator of the hit tv series two broke girls	whitney cummings: comedian and co-creator of the hit tv series two broke girls
for 2011 rugby world cup in new zealand popular all-girl group our lady muse (o.l.m) released an england rugby world cup song.	for 2011 rugby world cup in new zealand all-girl group our lady muse (o.l.m) released an england rugby world cup song.
it is worth noting that meher baba explained that sufism pre-dates the prophet mohammed (peace be upon him and his family) having begun with the prophet zarathustra (zoroaster) of persia, and that mohammed gave sufism a spiritual push back toward the essoteric aspect of the spiritual path (this last point was conveyed to don e. stevens by meher baba in person).	it is worth noting that meher baba claimed that sufism pre-dates the prophet mohammed (peace be upon him and his family) having begun with the prophet zarathustra (zoroaster) of persia, and that mohammed gave sufism a spiritual push back toward the essoteric aspect of the spiritual path (this last point was conveyed to don e. stevens by meher baba in person).
an anarchist faq includes a refutation of this view in one of the appendices.	an anarchist faq includes a rejection of this view in one of the appendices.
this event may be legally documented as a wedding or another legally recognized partnership such as a civil union.	this event may be legally documented as a marriage or another legally recognized partnership such as a civil union.
it was signed by only two other mps jeremy corbyn and john mcdonnell, both extreme left-wingers.	it was signed by only two other mps jeremy corbyn and john mcdonnell, both left-wingers.
some critics examine the fairness and validity of cognitive testing and racial categorization, as well as the reliability of the studies and the motives of the authors, on both sides.	some critics question the fairness and validity of cognitive testing and racial categorization, as well as the reliability of the studies and the motives of the authors, on both sides.
however, on november 7, 2006 he was slaughtered by democratic incumbent jennifer granholm by a 14-point margin.	however, on november 7, 2006 he was defeated by democratic incumbent jennifer granholm by a 14-point margin.
"latter day saints trace their religious heritage through joseph smith, jr., who restored the original ""church of christ"", which had disappeared from the earth after a period of apostasy."	"latter day saints trace their religious heritage through joseph smith, jr., and teach that he restored the original ""church of christ"", which had disappeared from the earth after a period of apostasy."
karina pasian (born july 18, 1991) is a grammy-nominated american singer and pianist.	karina pasian (born july 18, 1991) is a american singer and pianist.
what little peer-reviewed research has been published on the subject has appeared in journals dealing with topics outside of the mainstream such as parapsychology.	what little research has been published on the subject has appeared in journals dealing with topics outside of the mainstream such as parapsychology.
daniel o'connell, 19th-century irish politician and agitator for both catholic emancipation and for repeal of the 1801 act of union	daniel o'connell, 19th-century irish politician and campaigner for both catholic emancipation and for repeal of the 1801 act of union
goodwin first had roles in the popular nbc television programs law & order and ed before appearing in the comedy central television movie porn 'n chicken.	goodwin first had roles in the nbc television programs law & order and ed before appearing in the comedy central television movie porn 'n chicken.
according to brazilian right-wing philosopher and political pundit olavo de carvalho, the activities of the fsp amount to a continent-wide conspiracy to override national sovereignty, destroy democracy, and implement communism all over latin america.	according to brazilian philosopher and political pundit olavo de carvalho, the activities of the fsp amount to a continent-wide conspiracy to override national sovereignty, destroy democracy, and implement communism all over latin america.
series of tubes has now become a mainstream meme .	series of tubes has now become a mainstream catch phrase .
with the assistance of george elsey, clifford set out to write a report that would take the superb analysis of the long telegram and translate it into concrete policy recommendations.	with the assistance of george elsey, clifford set out to write a report that would take the analysis of the long telegram and translate it into concrete policy recommendations.
leon robinson received an emmy award nomination for his outstanding performance in the starring role.	leon robinson received an emmy award nomination for his performance in the starring role.
the ioc finally commemorated the victims of the munich massacre in the rio 2016 olympic village on august 4, 2016.	the ioc commemorated the victims of the munich massacre in the rio 2016 olympic village on august 4, 2016.
"domingo cruz (""cocola"") was a famous late 19th century puerto rican musician, and director of the ponce firefighters band (now the ponce municipal band)."	"domingo cruz (""cocola"") was a late 19th century puerto rican musician, and director of the ponce firefighters band (now the ponce municipal band)."
in west bengal, shingaras (bengali version of samosas) are delicious snacks.	in west bengal, shingaras (bengali version of samosas) are snacks.
the russian primary chronicle (russian: , povest' vremennykh let, which is often translated into english as tale of bygone years), is a history of the kievan rus from around 850 to 1110 originally compiled in kiev about 1113.	the primary chronicle (russian: , povest' vremennykh let, which is often translated into english as tale of bygone years), is a history of the kievan rus from around 850 to 1110 originally compiled in kiev about 1113.
khoisan ( increasingly spelled khoesaan, khoesan or khoe-san) is a unifying name for two major ethnic groups of southern africa.	khoisan ( also spelled khoesaan, khoesan or khoe-san) is a unifying name for two major ethnic groups of southern africa.
they are staffed by experienced developers and have been involved as subcontractors in a number of aaa titles for consoles and pc as well as developed their own games.	they are staffed by developers and have been involved as subcontractors in a number of aaa titles for consoles and pc as well as developed their own games.
prey is the first aaa title to utilize the new triton distribution system, whereby users can play the game while streaming from the service.	prey is the first major title to utilize the new triton distribution system, whereby users can play the game while streaming from the service.
"vickers began her x factor journey by singing damien rice's song ""the blower's daughter"" at the auditions; all four judges voted yes, thus allowing diana to progress forwards to the bootcamp stages of the competition."	"vickers began her x factor journey by singing damien rice's song ""the blower's daughter"" at the auditions; all four judges voted yes, thus allowing her to progress forwards to the bootcamp stages of the competition."
the chudov monastery and ascension convent, with their magnificent 16th-century cathedrals, were dismantled to make room for the military school and palace of congresses.	the chudov monastery and ascension convent, with their 16th-century cathedrals, were dismantled to make room for the military school and palace of congresses.
ahmet akar (born august 3, 1962) is a famous turkish sportscaster and a former football referee.	ahmet akar (born august 3, 1962) is a turkish sportscaster and a former football referee.
"while the phrase ""tort reform"" might imply any change in tort law or procedure, the commonly understood use in political and academic arenas describes a movement to curb tort litigation and damages."	"while the phrase ""tort reform"" might imply any change in tort law or procedure, the commonly understood use in political and academic arenas describes a movement to limit tort litigation and damages."
dimebag darrell (born darrell lance abbott august 20, 1966 – december 8, 2004) (also known as diamond darrell until mid 1992) was a virtuoso guitarist in the heavy metal bands pantera, damageplan and rebel meets rebel.	dimebag darrell (born darrell lance abbott august 20, 1966 – december 8, 2004) (also known as diamond darrell until mid 1992) was a guitarist in the heavy metal bands pantera, damageplan and rebel meets rebel.
amazing grace is a 1974 light-hearted comedy featuring comedienne moms mabley, playing the title role of grace teasdale grimes.	amazing grace is a 1974 light-hearted comedy featuring comedian moms mabley, playing the title role of grace teasdale grimes.
the council confirmed that the father and the son are of the same substance and are co-eternal.	the council concluded that the father and the son are of the same substance and are co-eternal.
watt writes that some of the arab tribe of aws, who were previously allied to the qurayza, are said to asked muhammad to forgive the qurayza for their sake as muhammad had previously forgiven the nadir for the sake of abd-allah ibn ubayy.	watt writes that some of the arab tribe of aws, who were allied to the qurayza, are said to asked muhammad to forgive the qurayza for their sake as muhammad had previously forgiven the nadir for the sake of abd-allah ibn ubayy.
"the late 2nd-century writer tertullian noted that marcion, ""expunged from the gospel of luke all the things that oppose his view... but retained those things that accord with his opinion""."	"the late 2nd-century writer tertullian alleged that marcion, ""expunged from the gospel of luke all the things that oppose his view... but retained those things that accord with his opinion""."
he later spent his free time at his vacation house in cornish, new hampshire, where he enjoyed the close friendship of novelist j. d. salinger.	he later spent his free time at his vacation house in cornish, new hampshire, where he enjoyed the friendship of novelist j. d. salinger.
harris has faced additional allegations of misconduct because of lavish spending on overseas travel.	harris has faced allegations of misconduct because of lavish spending on overseas travel.
"now, a ""little englander"" is usually applied by the liberal-left to those who are regarded as or profess to be be patriotic and are often wrongly accused of being ignorant and boorish."	"now, a ""little englander"" is usually applied by the liberal-left to those who are regarded as or profess to be be patriotic and are often accused of being ignorant and boorish."
in a 2005 biography of frank zappa, miles attacked zappa over his business oriented approach to art and complaints about inefficient labor union regulations.	in a 2005 biography of frank zappa, miles stated that zappa over his business oriented approach to art and complaints about inefficient labor union regulations.
this extortion was known as malke-geld (queen's money).	this was known as malke-geld (queen's money).
a 3-digit number wastes only 0.1% of the number space, which is justifiable for an emergency number.	a 3-digit number uses only 0.1% of the number space, which is justifiable for an emergency number.
the inaugural season 1955-56 of the european cup football club tournament was won by real madrid in an exciting final victory against reims at parc des princes, paris on june 13, 1956.	the inaugural season 1955-56 of the european cup football club tournament was won by real madrid in an final victory against reims at parc des princes, paris on june 13, 1956.
pablo neruda (july 12, 1904 september 23, 1973) was the pen name and, later, legal name of the great chilean writer and politician neftal ricardo reyes basoalto.	pablo neruda (july 12, 1904 september 23, 1973) was the pen name and, later, legal name of the chilean writer and politician neftal ricardo reyes basoalto.
"... that ""drive"" by miley cyrus was acclaimed for its ""wobbling beat""?"	"... that ""drive"" by miley cyrus was noted by a reviewer for its ""wobbling beat""?"
it was introduced to india in the 13th century by invading muslim powers and was adopted by communities who favoured the sword as their main weapon .	it was introduced to india in the 13th century by invading muslim powers and was adopted by communities who favoured the sword as their main weaponn icluding the jats, rajputs, marathas and sikhs.
however, there were no upgrades to toon disneys poor graphics and website, and in a section on the disney channel website that lists sister sites, toon disney is not listed, indicating there may be significant changes to toon disney in the near future.	however, there were no upgrades to toon disneys graphics and website, and in a section on the disney channel website that lists sister sites, toon disney is not listed, indicating there may be significant changes to toon disney in the near future.
emma thompson (born 1959), award-winning british actress, comedienne and screenwriter	emma thompson (born 1959), award-winning british actress, comedian and screenwriter
strict definitions tend to place it as meaning only the nation-state, though general use is wider than this.	narrower definitions tend to place it as meaning only the nation-state, though general use is wider than this.
"a large part of the plot of theodor fontanes well-known realist novel ""effi briest"" takes place in a fictional town named kessin, which is said to be in farther pomerania."	"a large part of the plot of theodor fontanes realist novel ""effi briest"" takes place in a fictional town named kessin, which is said to be in farther pomerania."
in 2010 he responded to a request inquiring why a dog is considered unclean under shariah despite a lack of any references to dogs in the holy quran.	in 2010 he responded to a request inquiring why a dog is considered unclean under shariah despite a lack of any references to dogs in the quran.
howe later acquired a summer manor next door to the dunn estate at the seaside resort of st. andrews in new brunswick and served as an executor of dunn's estate after his passing .	howe later acquired a summer manor next door to the dunn estate at the seaside resort of st. andrews in new brunswick and served as an executor of dunn's estate after his death .
"israel began a ground invasion of the gaza strip on 3 january 2009. israeli prime minister's spokesman, mark regev, affirms this operation will stop ""the minute israel believes its citizens will be safe from hamas attacks""."	"israel began a ground invasion of the gaza strip on 3 january 2009. israeli prime minister's spokesman, mark regev, said this operation will stop ""the minute israel believes its citizens will be safe from hamas attacks""."
they are the president's law, and he alone can enforce them.	they are the president's law, and the president alone can enforce them.
unfortunately there is no trace of it today.	however, there is no trace of it today.
the implication is that the most extreme sexual behaviour involved is the swapping of lipstick during kissing.	the implication is that the most intimate sexual behaviour involved is the swapping of lipstick during kissing.
emily anne thornberry (born 27 july 1960) is a controversial british labour party politician who has been the member of parliament (mp) for islington south and finsbury since the 2005 general election.	emily anne thornberry (born 27 july 1960) is a british labour party politician who has been the member of parliament (mp) for islington south and finsbury since the 2005 general election.
the film holds a woeful 0% approval rating at rotten tomatoes.	the film holds a 0% approval rating at rotten tomatoes.
"afterwards, borel issued a formal statement to the media, insisting that ghomeshi was guilty of sexual assault but that ""a trial would have maintained his lie, the lie that he was not guilty, and would have further subjected me to the very same pattern of abuse that i am currently trying to stop,"" borel said."	"afterwards, borel issued a formal statement to the media, maintaining that ghomeshi was guilty of sexual assault but that ""a trial would have maintained his lie, the lie that he was not guilty, and would have further subjected me to the very same pattern of abuse that i am currently trying to stop,"" borel said."
the island is on long term lease from the commonwealth government by the notable oatley family .	the island is on long term lease from the commonwealth government by the oatley family.
it is located in a beautiful region called the alpujarras.	it is located in a region called the alpujarras.
the club then won its last world series title in 1908joe tinker (shortstop), johnny evers (second baseman), and frank chance (first baseman) were three legendary cubs infielders who played together from 1903 to 1910, and sporadically over the following two years.	the club then won its last world series title in 1908joe tinker (shortstop), johnny evers (second baseman), and frank chance (first baseman) were three cubs infielders who played together from 1903 to 1910, and sporadically over the following two years.
it is famous as the setting for the excellent winnie the pooh stories written by a. a. milne for his son christopher robin.	it is famous as the setting for the winnie the pooh stories written by a. a. milne for his son christopher robin.
jerome robert corsi (born august 31, 1946) is an american author, political commentator, and conspiracy theorist best known for his two new york times best selling books: the obama nation and unfit for command (with co-author john o'neill).	jerome robert corsi (born august 31, 1946) is an american author, political commentator, and conspiracy researcher best known for his two new york times best selling books: the obama nation and unfit for command (with co-author john o'neill).
some researchers define open marriages in overly narrow terms.	some researchers define open marriages in highly narrow terms.
the status of this prison, above political beliefs, is not clear and stands against human rights and democratic ethics and laws.	the status of this prison, above political beliefs, is not clear and may be against human rights and democratic ethics and laws.
andrey mikhailovich makarov (; born july 22, 1954, moscow, rsfsr, ussr ) is a soviet and russian lawyer, russian statesman , deputy of the state duma in 1993-1999 and from 2003 to the present, member of the faction united russia, tv presenter.	andrey mikhailovich makarov (; born july 22, 1954, moscow, rsfsr, ussr ) is a soviet and russian lawyer, russian politician , deputy of the state duma in 1993-1999 and from 2003 to the present, member of the faction united russia, tv presenter.
george robert wendt (born october 17, 1948) is an american actor, best known for the role of norm peterson on the classic television show cheers.	george robert wendt (born october 17, 1948) is an american actor, best known for the role of norm peterson on the television show cheers.
"discrimination in ""covenant communities"""	"restrictions in ""covenant communities"""
when ray, zig and zag were joined by president of ireland mary robinson, dustin the turkey, seen here in an early appearance, caused controversy by saying the president had smelly feet.	when ray, zig and zag were joined by president of ireland mary robinson, dustin the turkey, seen here in an early appearance, caused controversy by suggesting the president had smelly feet.
the 20102011 boys' hockey team made it all the way to the division one championship at the td garden but unfortunately lost in a close game.	the 20102011 boys' hockey team made it all the way to the division one championship at the td garden but lost in a close game.
she is famous for playing anandi in the show balika vadhu and currently, she is seen essaying the popular role of roli in sasural simar ka	she is known for playing anandi in the show balika vadhu and currently, she is seen essaying the popular role of roli in sasural simar ka
the invasion also recovered a letter from dellums' chief of staff carlottia scott to maurice bishop, describing dellums' feelings towards bishop and, presumably, cuban dictator fidel castro.	the invasion also recovered a letter from dellums' chief of staff carlottia scott to maurice bishop, describing dellums' feelings towards bishop and, presumably, cuban president of the council of state fidel castro.
white made the pro bowl in 1982, and led the cowboys to three consecutive nfc championship games (1980-1982), but was unfairly criticized after the cowboys lost each of the three despite having been favored in all three games.	white made the pro bowl in 1982, and led the cowboys to three consecutive nfc championship games (1980-1982), but was criticized after the cowboys lost each of the three despite having been favored in all three games.
at the same time, senor appeared on cable news programs claiming that allawi's positive remarks (vetted by senor) supported the bush administration's rosy view of the iraq occupation.	at the same time, senor appeared on cable news programs claiming that allawi's positive remarks (vetted by senor) supported the bush administration's view of the iraq occupation.
conan the barbarian made about $40 million at the u.s. box office when it was released in 1982 with an r-rating, and an additional $50 million in foreign markets.	conan the barbarian made about $40 million at the u.s. box office when it was released in 1982 with an r-rating, and an additional $50 million in other markets.
points of discussion included atheism and evolutionary theory, with cameron and comfort repeatedly referencing the ten commandments and denouncing the theory of evolution.	points of discussion included atheism and evolutionary theory, with cameron and comfort repeatedly referencing the ten commandments and attempting to denounce the theory of evolution.
"it is known or suspected to have been involved in numerous terrorist attacks against american targets in lebanon during the 1980's (during their stuggle with israeli ""occupation"" forces and the united states ""peace-keeping"" forces), including the suicide truck bombing of the u.s. embassy and us marine barracks in beirut in october 1983 and the united states embassy annex in beirut in september 1984. elements of the group have been linked to involvement in kidnapping and detention of american and other western hostages in lebanon but the hezbollah has never accepted responsibility for it."	"it is known or suspected to have been involved in numerous attacks against american targets in lebanon during the 1980's (during their stuggle with israeli ""occupation"" forces and the united states ""peace-keeping"" forces), including the suicide truck bombing of the u.s. embassy and us marine barracks in beirut in october 1983 and the united states embassy annex in beirut in september 1984. elements of the group have been linked to involvement in kidnapping and detention of american and other western hostages in lebanon but the hezbollah has never accepted responsibility for it."
academically, the school regularly outperforms public schools in rich boston suburbs, particularly as measured by the yearly mcas assessment required of all massachusetts public schools.	academically, the school regularly outperforms public schools in affluent boston suburbs, particularly as measured by the yearly mcas assessment required of all massachusetts public schools.
tsvangirai initially planned to run in the second round against mugabe, but withdrew shortly before it was held, since the election would not be free and fair due to widespread violence and intimidation by government supporters.	tsvangirai initially planned to run in the second round against mugabe, but withdrew shortly before it was held, arguing that the election would not be free and fair due to widespread violence and intimidation by government supporters.
the film tends to romanticize zapata and in doing so distorts the true nature of the mexican revolution.	the film tends to romanticize zapata and in doing so may distort the true nature of the mexican revolution.
"the album spawned only two singles: ""mr. me too"" with pharrell williams and ""wamp wamp (what it do)"" with slim thug."	"the album spawned two singles: ""mr. me too"" with pharrell williams and ""wamp wamp (what it do)"" with slim thug."
these extreme formulations were repudiated by the church of scotland in the 1980s, but they remain part of the official doctrine of some smaller presbyterian churches.	these formulations were repudiated by the church of scotland in the 1980s, but they remain part of the official doctrine of some smaller presbyterian churches.
by 1949, as countess of harewood, and with the patronage of her mother-in-law, princess mary, stein was chatelaine of the magnificent palladian harewood house, north of leeds, and threw herself into organising events.	by 1949, as countess of harewood, and with the patronage of her mother-in-law, princess mary, stein was chatelaine of the palladian harewood house, north of leeds, and threw herself into organising events.
dean has also written songs for many artists including katy perry, mary j blige, christina aguilera, soulja boy tell 'em, ciara, rihanna, usher, r. kelly, and especially nicki minaj .	dean has also written songs for many artists including katy perry, mary j blige, christina aguilera, soulja boy tell 'em, ciara, rihanna, usher, r. kelly, and nicki minaj .
valentina lisitsa (; born 11 december 1973) is a ukrainian-american classical music pianist who resides in north carolina.	valentina lisitsa (; born 11 december 1973) is a ukrainian-american classical pianist who resides in north carolina.
his credits also include a three-year tenure on the popular soap opera all my children and a role on general hospital.	his credits also include a three-year tenure on the soap opera all my children and a role on general hospital.
edward de vere, the 17th earl of oxford, an english nobleman and intimate of queen elizabeth, remains the most prominent alternative candidate for authorship of the shakespeare canon, having been identified in the 1920s and further researched in the 1980s.	edward de vere, the 17th earl of oxford, an english nobleman and intimate of queen elizabeth, remains the most prominent alternative candidate for authorship of the shakespeare canon, having been suggested in the 1920s and further researched in the 1980s.
a ceasefire came into effect at 05:00 utc, 14 august 2006, although israeli violations of the cease-fire have occurred.	a ceasefire came into effect at 05:00 utc, 14 august 2006, although violations of the cease-fire have occurred.
the pericope is now recognized by some scholars of the new testament as an interpolation: it disrupts the story told at the end of chapter 7 and in the remainder of chapter 8; it uses greek more characteristic of the synoptic gospels than of john; it appears in only one early greek manuscript and sometimes appears in different places in later manuscripts, even interpolated in one case into the gospel of luke.	the pericope is now viewed by some scholars of the new testament as an interpolation: it disrupts the story told at the end of chapter 7 and in the remainder of chapter 8; it uses greek more characteristic of the synoptic gospels than of john; it appears in only one early greek manuscript and sometimes appears in different places in later manuscripts, even interpolated in one case into the gospel of luke.
the english standard version (esv) is an english translation of the holy bible.	the english standard version (esv) is an english translation of the bible.
christians have frequently suffered from persecution.	christians have suffered from persecution.
liverpool is a major city in north west england whose estimated population was 478,580 in 2015; its surrounding areas combine to form the fifth largest metropolitan area in the uk, with over 2.24 million people in 2011. the local authority is liverpool city council, the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of merseyside and the largest within the liverpool city region.	liverpool is a city in north west england whose estimated population was 478,580 in 2015; its surrounding areas combine to form the fifth largest metropolitan area in the uk, with over 2.24 million people in 2011. the local authority is liverpool city council, the most populous local government district within the metropolitan county of merseyside and the largest within the liverpool city region.
these notorious events were dramatized in tv shows the newsroom and the good wife.	these events were dramatized in tv shows the newsroom and the good wife.
like most freshmen republicans elected during the 1994 republican takeover of the house led by newt gingrich, scarborough was regarded as a reliable conservative.	like most freshmen republicans elected during the 1994 republican takeover of the house led by newt gingrich, scarborough was regarded as a reliably corrupt conservative.
all parties hurriyat conference (aphc) is an alliance of 26 political, social and religious organizations formed on march 9, 1993, as a united political front to raise the cause of kashmiri independence .	all parties hurriyat conference (aphc) is an alliance of 26 political, social and religious organizations formed on march 9, 1993, as a united political front to raise the cause of kashmiri separatism .
deutscher dom, berlin (cathedral only by colloquial naming, formerly reformed, now profaned as a museum, the evangelical congregation formerly owning the building is part of the evangelical church in berlin-brandenburg-silesian upper lusatia)	deutscher dom, berlin (cathedral only by colloquial naming, formerly reformed, now serves as a museum, the evangelical congregation formerly owning the building is part of the evangelical church in berlin-brandenburg-silesian upper lusatia)
as a consequence, growth-oriented environmental economists propose massive government intervention into switching sources of energy production, favouring wind, solar, hydroelectric, and nuclear.	as a consequence, growth-oriented environmental economists propose government intervention into switching sources of energy production, favouring wind, solar, hydroelectric, and nuclear.
the film was considered a mere box office flop and a small part of this can be attributed to its banning in several countries.	the film was considered a box office flop and a small part of this can be attributed to its banning in several countries.
patients may be encouraged to reduce their intake of carbohydrates that have a high glycemic index (gi), although this is also controversial.	diabetics may be encouraged to reduce their intake of carbohydrates that have a high glycemic index (gi), although this is also controversial.
"the most common bingo involves getting at least one hit in all 50 states ( appropriately called ""50 state bingo"")."	"the most common bingo involves getting at least one hit in all 50 states (called ""50 state bingo"")."
"hampton was killed while sleeping beside his fiance and child at his apartment during a raid by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office, in conjunction with the chicago police department and the federal bureau of investigation in december 1969. initially reported in the chicago tribune as a consequence of ""a wild gun battle"" initiated by hampton and six other members of the black panther party against police, hampton's death was ruled a justifiable homicide by a jury inquest the following month."	"hampton was assassinated while sleeping beside his fiance and child at his apartment during a raid by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office, in conjunction with the chicago police department and the federal bureau of investigation in december 1969. initially reported in the chicago tribune as a consequence of ""a wild gun battle"" initiated by hampton and six other members of the black panther party against police, hampton's death was ruled a justifiable homicide by a jury inquest the following month."
noah's alleged failure to warn others of the coming flood was widely seen as casting doubt on his righteousness—was he perhaps only righteous by the lights of his own evil generation?	noah's failure to warn others of the coming flood was widely seen as casting doubt on his righteousness—was he perhaps only righteous by the lights of his own evil generation?
they feel that mobile phones should be programmed to disable internet and other functions that could influence their users negatively , and most companies in israel now offer basic cellphones with limited capabilities to accommodate haredim.	they feel that mobile phones should be programmed to disable internet and other functions that could influence their users in undesired ways , and most companies in israel now offer basic cellphones with limited capabilities to accommodate haredim.
battle in the united states congress	opposition in the united states congress
much of the album is a musical reflection on bunyan and traveling partner robert lewis's experiences while traveling by horse and wagon through scotland in 1968. it highlighted bunyan's somber vocals with minimal instrumental accompaniment that was arranged by contemporary musical artists supervised under record producer joe boyd.	much of the album is a musical reflection on bunyan and traveling partner robert lewis's experiences while traveling by horse and wagon through scotland in 1968. it highlighted bunyan's vocals with minimal instrumental accompaniment that was arranged by contemporary musical artists supervised under record producer joe boyd.
the number of inventions of an inventor over their career.	the number of inventions of an inventor over his or her career.
among these is the popular ludens throat drops brand.	among these is the ludens throat drops brand.
john brown and his sons gained notoriety in the fight against slavery by brutally murdering five pro-slavery farmers in the pottawatomie massacre with a broadsword.	john brown and his sons gained notoriety in the fight against slavery by murdering five pro-slavery farmers in the pottawatomie massacre with a broadsword.
1994 mtv video music awards controversy	1994 mtv video music awards
an uninspired stand up comedienne with a mullet played by molly shannon.	an uninspired stand up comedian with a mullet played by molly shannon.
at queen's park, the site of the ontario legislature, there were several large protests and near-riots .	at queen's park, the site of the ontario legislature, there were several large protests and a riot .
everett's now-seldom-read, 13,609-word speech bombastically began:	everett's now-seldom-read, 13,609-word speech began:
the history of south africa is taken here more broadly to cover the history not only of the current south african state but of other polities in the region, including those of the khoisan, the several bantu kingdoms in the region before colonisation, the rule of the dutch in the cape and the subsequent rule of the british there and in natal, and the so-called boer republics, including the orange free state and the south african republic.	the history of south africa is taken here more broadly to cover the history not only of the current south african state but of other polities in the region, including those of the khoisan, the several bantu kingdoms in the region before colonisation, the rule of the dutch in the cape and the subsequent rule of the british there and in natal, and the boer republics, including the orange free state and the south african republic.
none of the gospel authors was an eyewitness, and none claims to be.	none of the gospel authors is thought to be an eyewitness, and none claims to be.
"one solution to the problem of smoking ""externalities"" favored by some economists is a system of tradable smoking pollution permits, similar to other cap-and-trade pollution permits systems successfully used by the environmental protection agency in recent decades to curb other types of pollution."	"one solution to the problem of smoking ""externalities"" favored by some economists is a system of tradable smoking pollution permits, similar to other cap-and-trade pollution permits systems used by the environmental protection agency in recent decades to curb other types of pollution."
iran has 29 advanced tor-m1 mobile air defense systems.	iran has 29 tor-m1 mobile air defense systems.
nevertheless, many jews were given refuge during the war by the anti-nazi resistance movement yugoslav partisans who were led by the croat marshal josip broz tito, and many of them fought along their side.	nevertheless, many jews were given refuge during the war by the anti-nazi resistance movement yugoslav partisans who were led by the yugoslav marshal josip broz tito, and many of them fought along their side.
the jewish institute for national security affairs (jinsa) is a washington, d.c.-based non-profit neoconservative think-tank focusing on issues of united states and israeli national security.	the jewish institute for national security affairs (jinsa) is a washington, d.c.-based non-profit think-tank focusing on issues of united states and israeli national security.
the university offers a wide range of undergraduate and graduate degrees in ten colleges and schools.	the university offers a range of undergraduate and graduate degrees in ten colleges and schools.
allenby ordered the egyptian expeditionary force to advance and capture the retreating ottoman seventh and eighth armies, but they were delayed by the strong rearguards.	allenby ordered the egyptian expeditionary force to advance and capture the retreating ottoman seventh and eighth armies, but they were prevented from doing so by the strong rearguards.
high-pitched noises may annoy someone, or they may hurt his/her ears; touch may provoke anxiety, or it can be painful).	high-pitched noises may annoy someone, or they may hurt their ears; touch may provoke anxiety, or it can be painful).
the third phase runs from april 2008 to december 2012 and is supposed to deliver 185mt lifetime savings by 2012.	the third phase runs from april 2008 to december 2012 and is intended to deliver 185mt lifetime savings by 2012.
before joining the george w. bush administration, bolton was senior vice president for public policy research at the american enterprise institute, a right-wing think tank.	before joining the george w. bush administration, bolton was senior vice president for public policy research at the american enterprise institute, a conservative think tank.
dillstone noted '...no strictly penal theology of the atonement can be expected to carry conviction in the world of the twentieth century'.	dillstone stated that '...no strictly penal theology of the atonement can be expected to carry conviction in the world of the twentieth century'.
one of the highlights of nude man, natsu o akiramete was recorded by distinguished comedienne and singer naoko ken the same year.	one of the highlights of nude man, natsu o akiramete was recorded by distinguished comedian and singer naoko ken the same year.
the right-wing libertarian ludwig von mises institute demands deregulation of the medical profession and health care sector.	the right-wing libertarian ludwig von mises institute argues in favor of deregulation of the medical profession and health care sector.
the main culture24 website offers daily arts, museum, history and heritage news; exhibition reviews and online features or trails; and a database of over 3,800 cultural institutions and collections.	the main culture24 website has daily arts, museum, history and heritage news; exhibition reviews and online features or trails; and a database of over 3,800 cultural institutions and collections.
he was born 1950 in ourense, galicia in northern iberia .	he was born 1950 in ourense, galicia in northern spain .
hopelessly obsolete as a bomber, the bombays were predominately used as transports ferrying supplies and evacuating the wounded.	obsolete as a bomber, the bombays were predominately used as transports ferrying supplies and evacuating the wounded.
he is easily recognizable due to his iconic poncho, brown hat, tan cowboy boots, fondness for cigarillos and the fact that he rarely talks.	he is recognizable due to his iconic poncho, brown hat, tan cowboy boots, fondness for cigarillos and the fact that he rarely talks.
however, even very old inventions such as the wheel are crude technology.	however, even very old inventions such as the wheel are examples of technology.
the styles combined to create beats antiques unique sound are a union of old and new inspirations.	the styles combined to create beats antiques sound are a union of old and new inspirations.
he is best known for his early controversial thesis regarding the role and dating of the heretic marcion in the history of the new testament canon and reconstructions of the writings of the pagan opponents of christianity, celsus (1987), porphyry (1994) and julian the apostate (2004).	he is best known for his early controversial thesis regarding the role and dating of the marcion in the history of the new testament canon and reconstructions of the writings of the pagan opponents of christianity, celsus (1987), porphyry (1994) and julian the apostate (2004).
following the inclusion of breslau back into poland in 1945, the lower silesian opera made its inaugural performance in polish wrocaw on september 8, 1945 with stanisaw moniuszko's halka directed by stanislaw drabik.	following the inclusion of breslau into poland in 1945, the lower silesian opera made its inaugural performance in polish wrocaw on september 8, 1945 with stanisaw moniuszko's halka directed by stanislaw drabik.
cockney tugboat captain mike turner (michael caine) discovers the shipwreck.	tugboat captain mike turner (michael caine) discovers the shipwreck.
the heart of perfect wisdom sutra or heart sutra or essence of wisdom sutra (sanskrit: prajpramit hridaya stra; chinese: , brblumdu xnjng; japanese: , hannya shingy; korean: pannya shimgyng) is a well-known mahyna buddhist sutra that is extremely popular among mahayana buddhists both for its brevity and depth of meaning.	the heart of perfect wisdom sutra or heart sutra or essence of wisdom sutra (sanskrit: prajpramit hridaya stra; chinese: , brblumdu xnjng; japanese: , hannya shingy; korean: pannya shimgyng) is a well-known mahyna buddhist sutra that is very popular among mahayana buddhists both for its brevity and depth of meaning.
linton village is located in south derbyshire surrounded by the beautiful national forest.	linton village is located in south derbyshire surrounded by the national forest.
wofford college is a prestigious liberal arts college.	wofford college is a liberal arts college.
27 may janet brown, comedienne and impressionist (b.	27 may janet brown, comedian and impressionist (b.
much ink has been spilled concerning the nature of the language underlying the qiyn, says norman (1988: 24), who lists three povs .	much ink has been spilled concerning the nature of the language underlying the qiyn, says norman (1988: 24), who lists three points of view .
dr norman davidson carried out an emergency operation to try and lower the amount of pressure caused by the swelling brain, but sadly the operation was unsuccessful and he pronounced dead by 9.25pm evening on september 5th 1931. he was 22 years old.	dr norman davidson carried out an emergency operation to try and lower the amount of pressure caused by the swelling brain, but the operation was unsuccessful and he pronounced dead by 9.25pm evening on september 5th 1931. he was 22 years old.
sm city marikina is strategically located beside the marikina river and marikina riverbanks center and situated along marcos highway, barangay calumpang, marikina city.	sm city marikina is located beside the marikina river and marikina riverbanks center and situated along marcos highway, barangay calumpang, marikina city.
however, missteps on both sides caused a spiral of violence, including a siege and two reinvasions of the city by u.s. forces.	however, steps on both sides caused a spiral of violence, including a siege and two reinvasions of the city by u.s. forces.
as a commentator on middle eastern affairs, he has appeared in print and on television, and testified before the united states senate.	as an expert commentator on middle eastern affairs, he has appeared in print and on television, and testified before the united states senate.
the tomifobia river is a gently flowing body of fresh water in the eastern townships region of quebec.	the tomifobia river is a flowing body of fresh water in the eastern townships region of quebec.
he was the first blogger in egypt explicitly arrested for the content of his writing, and was released on november 17, 2010, but not before he was beaten and illegally detained by egyptian security forces.	he was the first blogger in egypt explicitly arrested for the content of his writing, and was released on november 17, 2010, but not before he was beaten and detained by egyptian security forces.
liberal christianitysometimes called liberal theologyis an umbrella term covering diverse, philosophically- informed religious movements and moods within late 18th, 19th and 20th century christianity.	liberal christianitysometimes called liberal theologyis an umbrella term covering diverse, philosophically- distinct religious movements and moods within late 18th, 19th and 20th century christianity.
they are comedienne patti o'connor, veteran actress brooke parsons, dancer laurian summers, musician tara demillo, and professional ice-skater christie burns.	they are comedian patti o'connor, veteran actress brooke parsons, dancer laurian summers, musician tara demillo, and professional ice-skater christie burns.
after lengthy negotiations, gandhi coerced dr. ambedkar to have a single hindu electorate, with dalits having seats reserved within it.	after lengthy negotiations, gandhi reached an agreement with dr. ambedkar to have a single hindu electorate, with dalits having seats reserved within it.
it may be helpful to reassure the child that he or she will outgrow this disorder.	it may be helpful to reassure the person that he or she will outgrow this disorder.
tibet autonomous region, a region of communist china consisting of most of traditional tibet	tibet autonomous region, a region of the people's republic of china consisting of most of traditional tibet
her existence has been formally questioned in the media based on her lack of digital footprints in the internet and on the fact-checked trump's campaign's records of inaccuracy on some alleged claims.	mciver's existence has been formally questioned in the media based on her lack of digital footprints in the internet and on the fact-checked trump's campaign's records of inaccuracy on some alleged claims.
2 high ranking reflect the university's high research achievement.	this high ranking reflect the university's high research achievement.
wabash college is a small, private, highly-selective liberal arts college for men, located in crawfordsville, indiana.	wabash college is a small, private, liberal arts college for men, located in crawfordsville, indiana.
a multiplayer level from halo 3 which holds some traits from the multiplayer levels coagulation from halo 2 and blood gulch from halo	a multiplayer level from halo 3 which contains some traits from the multiplayer levels coagulation from halo 2 and blood gulch from halo
one such musician from the realm of country music was country music veteran and strident iraq war opponent merle haggard, who in the summer of 2003 released a song critical of us media coverage of the iraq war.	one such musician from the realm of country music was country music veteran and vociferous iraq war opponent merle haggard, who in the summer of 2003 released a song critical of us media coverage of the iraq war.
psychologist martha mcclintock was the first scientist to do a study on menstrual synchrony, reporting her findings in nature in 1971.	psychologist martha mcclintock was the first person to do a study on menstrual synchrony, reporting her findings in nature in 1971.
david gareja is a rock-hewn albanian monastery complex located in the kakheti region of eastern georgia, on the half-desert slopes of mount gareja, some 6070 km southeast of georgia's capital tbilisi.	david gareja is a rock-hewn georgian orthodox monastery complex located in the kakheti region of eastern georgia, on the half-desert slopes of mount gareja, some 6070 km southeast of georgia's capital tbilisi.
the creation of anti-circumvention laws to protect digital restrictions management systems.	the creation of anti-circumvention laws to protect digital rights management systems.
in 1954, foran guest starred on nbc's justice, a legal drama starring dane clark and gary merrill, on cbs's the public defender starring reed hadley and hugh beaumont, and on nbc's the martha raye show, a comedy/variety show starring comedienne martha raye.	in 1954, foran guest starred on nbc's justice, a legal drama starring dane clark and gary merrill, on cbs's the public defender starring reed hadley and hugh beaumont, and on nbc's the martha raye show, a comedy/variety show starring comedian martha raye.
unfortunately , troyer died on april 21, 2018, delaying production even further and precluding him from reprising his role as mini-me.	however , troyer died on april 21, 2018, delaying production even further and precluding him from reprising his role as mini-me.
disputes over the boundary with georgia relating to russia's legal recognition of georgian regions, south ossetia and abkhazia as independent states.	disputes over the boundary with georgia relating to russia's recognition of georgian regions, south ossetia and abkhazia as independent states.
"zehava gal-on, head of the opposition left-wing meretz party, voiced cautious support for the jcpoa, writing, ""the agreement is not perfect, it does not turn iran into lovers of israel all of the sudden, but it does aim to prevent iran from obtaining a bomb, regulate the international mechanisms to monitoring it and allows the international community to act if the agreement is violated."""	"zehava gal-on, head of the opposition meretz party, voiced cautious support for the jcpoa, writing, ""the agreement is not perfect, it does not turn iran into lovers of israel all of the sudden, but it does aim to prevent iran from obtaining a bomb, regulate the international mechanisms to monitoring it and allows the international community to act if the agreement is violated."""
as those magnificent veterans advanced steadily in a column over the crest of the hill they were met by a tempest of fire from bolton's guns on the left and rogers's guns on the right.	as those veterans advanced steadily in a column over the crest of the hill they were met by a tempest of fire from bolton's guns on the left and rogers's guns on the right.
following his wife's passing in 1892 at the young age of thirty-four, in her memory albert von rothschild built the bettina frauenspital (bettina hospital for women) and a bettina rothschild begonia was named for her.	following his wife's death in 1892 at the young age of thirty-four, in her memory albert von rothschild built the bettina frauenspital (bettina hospital for women) and a bettina rothschild begonia was named for her.
aventis school of management is the sponsor of the prestigious hrm awards 2009 for best graduate development , the singapore hr awards organized by the singapore human resources institute (shri) and the singapore hr congress.	aventis school of management is the sponsor of the hrm awards 2009 for best graduate development , the singapore hr awards organized by the singapore human resources institute (shri) and the singapore hr congress.
this, coupled with jules ferry's brutal policy less than a century later, led to the weakening of most unofficial languages in france, all of them being subsequently banned from public documents, administration and school.	this, coupled with jules ferry's policy less than a century later, led to the weakening of most unofficial languages in france, all of them being subsequently banned from public documents, administration and school.
some people belive there are also many anatomical similarities between humans and herbivores.	some people believe there are also many anatomical similarities between humans and herbivores.
this sensible progression, as well as the helpful warnings against common oversights, frequent use of examples from natural languages, and healthy dose of humor, has earned the kit its popular and respected status among the internet conlanging community.	this sensible progression, as well as the warnings against common oversights, frequent use of examples from natural languages, and healthy dose of humor, has earned the kit its popular and respected status among the internet conlanging community.
the illegally turkish- occupied zone in the north operates its own press and broadcasters.	the turkish- occupied zone in the north operates its own press and broadcasters.
the portuguese ruled through brutal force against the inhabitants for eighty years, until they were driven out of the island in 1602, when an uprising was sparked by the governor's order of the execution of the island's richest traders.	the portuguese ruled through force against the inhabitants for eighty years, until they were driven out of the island in 1602, when an uprising was sparked by the governor's order of the execution of the island's richest traders.
how this democratic society should be run exactly and how it should be implemented or achieved is a matter of controversy and has resulted in many inspired theories of socialism and related ideas.	how this democratic society should be run exactly and how it should be implemented or achieved is a matter of controversy and has resulted in many theories of socialism and related ideas.
finally, after a heated discussion with the camp commandant and upon watching a propaganda film detailing the wartime atrocities committed by the japanese, puyi recants his previous stance and is set free and rehabilitated by the government in 1958.	finally, after a heated discussion with the camp commandant and upon watching a film detailing the wartime atrocities committed by the japanese, puyi recants his previous stance and is set free and rehabilitated by the government in 1958.
the story was adapted and expanded upon in the 1968 film, 2001: a space odyssey, made by famous filmmaker stanley kubrick.	the story was adapted and expanded upon in the 1968 film, 2001: a space odyssey, made by filmmaker stanley kubrick.
on january 2, 1992, yeltsin—acting as his own prime minister—enacted the most wrenching components of economic reform by decree, thereby circumventing the supreme soviet and congress of people's deputies, which had been elected in june 1991, before the dissolution of the ussr.	on january 2, 1992, yeltsin—acting as his own prime minister—enacted the most comprehensive components of economic reform by decree, thereby circumventing the supreme soviet and congress of people's deputies, which had been elected in june 1991, before the dissolution of the ussr.
a few international media, like the newspaper kronen zeitung of austria, also pushed the conspiracy in its opinion pieces.	a few international media, like the newspaper kronen zeitung of austria, also discussed the conspiracy in its opinion pieces.
people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) is a prominent terrorist organization.	people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) is a prominent animal rights organization.
a year later, putin met with a similar group on international human rights day and stated :	a year later, putin met with a similar group on international human rights day and proclaimed that his heart was with them :
"in his autobiography an american life, reagan earnestly wrote, ""the pentagon said at least 150 million american lives would be lost in a nuclear war with the soviet union - even if we 'won.'"	"in his autobiography an american life, reagan wrote, ""the pentagon said at least 150 million american lives would be lost in a nuclear war with the soviet union - even if we 'won.'"
and other things that strike me as funny, newhart stated that his wife ginnie proposed the classic ending of newhart.	and other things that strike me as funny, newhart stated that his wife ginnie proposed the ending of newhart.
this view was later proven correct in 1947, when the communist-dominated democratic bloc won a blatantly rigged election.	this view was later proven correct in 1947, when the communist-dominated democratic bloc won a rigged election.
after the devastation of the country by tamerlane, christianity was eroded (due to the temporary loss of contacts between georgia and nakh christians) and gradually the chechens and ingush returned to their native pagan beliefs (while the bats were permanently christianized).	after the devastation of the country by tamerlane, christianity was eroded (due to the temporary loss of contacts between georgia and nakh christians) and gradually the chechens and ingush returned to their native , non-abrahamic beliefs (while the bats were permanently christianized).
fortunately , the structure received no damage, and construction resumed after the iraqis were expelled on february 27, 1991. upon completion in 1993, the tower was renamed the liberation tower, symbolizing kuwait's liberation from iraq.	however , the structure received no damage, and construction resumed after the iraqis were expelled on february 27, 1991. upon completion in 1993, the tower was renamed the liberation tower, symbolizing kuwait's liberation from iraq.
allied states of euroislanders, the largest socialist and most democratic region in nationstates.	allied states of euroislanders, the largest socialist and a very democratic region in nationstates.
november 18 nasim pedrad, iranian-american actress and comedienne	november 18 nasim pedrad, iranian-american actress and comedian
she appeared as reggie's mother in the unsuccessful bbc1 comedy reggie perrin (2009), an update of the 1970s series.	she appeared as reggie's mother in the bbc1 comedy reggie perrin (2009), an update of the 1970s series.
the village is located at the entrance of the two fjords; astafjorden and vgsfjorden, and at a convenient distance of about from harstad/narvik airport, evenes.	the village is located at the entrance of the two fjords; astafjorden and vgsfjorden, and at a distance of about from harstad/narvik airport, evenes.
but whereas marxism (at least in its cruder forms) tends to see literature as part of a 'superstructure' in which the economic 'base' (i.e.	but whereas marxism (at least in its more orthodox forms) tends to see literature as part of a 'superstructure' in which the economic 'base' (i.e.
they sadly lost to hereford 43 on aggregate, but this was a fantastic achievement for mcilroy, who was appointed permanent in may 2006. this was to be a wise appointment, as mcilroy guided to club to league two for the first time in their history with a 21 win over exeter city at wembley stadium.	they lost to hereford 43 on aggregate, but this was a fantastic achievement for mcilroy, who was appointed permanent in may 2006. this was to be a wise appointment, as mcilroy guided to club to league two for the first time in their history with a 21 win over exeter city at wembley stadium.
during the british mandate in palestine, arab political violence directed against the british and against jewish settlement included the jerusalem pogrom of april, 1920, the riots in palestine of may, 1921, the 1929 hebron massacre and safed massacre, and the 1936-1939 arab revolt in palestine.	during the british mandate in palestine, arab political violence directed against the british and against jewish settlement included the jerusalem riots of april, 1920, the riots in palestine of may, 1921, the 1929 hebron massacre and safed massacre, and the 1936-1939 arab revolt in palestine.
in the first conference, in 1992, featured contributions from the legendary will eisner and a presentation by noted professional steve bissette entitled journey into fear: the history and heritage of the horror comic.	in the first conference, in 1992, featured contributions from the will eisner and a presentation by noted professional steve bissette entitled journey into fear: the history and heritage of the horror comic.
"raymond e. brown comments : ""no astronomical record exists of what is described in matthew""."	"raymond e. brown argues : ""no astronomical record exists of what is described in matthew""."
on may 5, 2006, flody suarez, a television producer for the tv series 8 simple rules, filed a lawsuit against millan, because his labrador retriever had been seriously injured while at millan's training facility during an exercise routine on a treadmill.	on may 5, 2006, flody suarez, a television producer for the tv series 8 simple rules, filed a lawsuit against millan, claiming that his labrador retriever had been seriously injured while at millan's training facility during an exercise routine on a treadmill.
having collected the evidence, they alerted the police, who raided the lab, removed the monkeys, and charged taub with 113 counts of animal cruelty and 6 counts of failing to provide adequate veterinary care.	having collected the evidence , newkirk and pacheco alerted the police , who raided the lab, removed the monkeys, and charged taub with 113 counts of animal cruelty and 6 counts of failing to provide adequate veterinary care.
japan was heavily affected, as was indonesia when the 30-year rule of dictator suharto ended in his resignation after widespread protests in may 1998. see east asian tigers.	japan was heavily affected, as was indonesia when the 30-year rule of president suharto ended in his resignation after widespread protests in may 1998. see east asian tigers.
after his father, piotr oarowski, was lynched by the insurrectionists during the warsaw uprising (1794), when he was in charge of the royal castle, warsaw, adam entered the russian service.	after his father, piotr oarowski, was hanged as a traitor by the insurrectionists during the warsaw uprising (1794), when he was in charge of the royal castle, warsaw, adam entered the russian service.
judy holliday, actor and comedienne	judy holliday, actor and comedian
the preference for small feet in old china, or the modern western preference for perfect breasts.	the preference for small feet in old china, or the modern western preference for certainly proportioned breasts.
the port of houston has approached residents who are effected by the pollution and noise and is attempting to buy an easement from these residents.	the port of houston approached residents who are effected by the pollution and noise and is attempting to buy an easement from these residents.
dorijan marui (born 13 june 1957) is a slovenian doctor and statesman , state secretary at the ministry of health of slovenia since 2000 and minister of health of slovenia since 2010.	dorijan marui (born 13 june 1957) is a slovenian doctor and politician , state secretary at the ministry of health of slovenia since 2000 and minister of health of slovenia since 2010.
the cartoon featured the vocal talents of don messick, frank welker, scatman crothers, ruth buzzi and billie hayes, and it was the series that introduced the cartoon world to susan blu, who went to do the original voice of arcee in hasbro's legendary cartoon series the transformers as well as many other animated characters.	the cartoon featured the vocal talents of don messick, frank welker, scatman crothers, ruth buzzi and billie hayes, and it was the series that introduced the cartoon world to susan blu, who went to do the original voice of arcee in hasbro's cartoon series the transformers as well as many other animated characters.
"in contrast, some responsible licensees call for ""last orders"" twenty minutes (or more) before the end of the opening hours specified on their premises licence."	"in contrast, some licensees call for ""last orders"" twenty minutes (or more) before the end of the opening hours specified on their premises licence."
stevens then went onto play just a handful more games for his home town club before surprisingly leaving at the end of september 2007 and then signing for bacup borough.	stevens then went onto play just a handful more games for his home town club before leaving at the end of september 2007 and then signing for bacup borough.
after the dao was hacked, ethereum forked into two blockchains, ethereum and ethereum classic.	after the dao was hacked, ethereum forked into two blockchains, and ethereum classic.
the cost for this pr maneuver was about $50 million, according to jon bond, co-founder of the kirshenbaum bond senecal agency.	the cost for this pr campaign was about $50 million, according to jon bond, co-founder of the kirshenbaum bond senecal agency.
he appeared in the film here we go round the mulberry bush (1967), where he was perfectly cast as a sex-starved boy who finds it difficult to lose his virginity.	he appeared in the film here we go round the mulberry bush (1967), where he was cast as a sex-starved boy who finds it difficult to lose his virginity.
the bill also calls for the elimination for several popular deductions.	the bill also calls for the elimination for several deductions.
irvin was annihilated by ufc middleweight champion anderson silva in a light heavyweight main event on july 19.	irvin was defeated by ufc middleweight champion anderson silva in a light heavyweight main event on july 19.
francisco hernndez, was a great football player from costa rica.	francisco hernndez, was a football player from costa rica.
lisa snowdon (born january 23, 1972) is an english supermodel , who most recently has turned her career to include being an actress and television personality.	lisa snowdon (born january 23, 1972) is an english model , who most recently has turned her career to include being an actress and television personality.
napoleon i of france and his henchmen , had constructed a remarkable string of military successes during the era, and save for a few key losses and a few key mistakes, possessing generally smaller and worst equipped armies had withstood and defeated the worst the rest of europe could throw at france time after time.	napoleon i of france and his empire , had constructed a remarkable string of military successes during the era, and save for a few key losses and a few key mistakes, possessing generally smaller and worst equipped armies had withstood and defeated the worst the rest of europe could throw at france time after time.
'mutt and jeff' is also cockney rhyming slang for 'deaf'.	'mutt and jeff' is also rhyming slang for 'deaf'.
oliver sacks, a neurologist, offers professional observations on aspects of john's behaviour.	oliver sacks, a neurologist, offers observations on aspects of john's behaviour.
the world also became more united than ever with developments in transportation and communications technology, popular music and other influences of western culture, international corporations, and what was arguably a true global economy by the end of the century.	the world also became more culturally homogenized than ever with developments in transportation and communications technology, popular music and other influences of western culture, international corporations, and what was arguably a true global economy by the end of the century.
"gammage underestimated paul's popularity among local mothers : ""i had real difficulty down in brazoria county, where he practiced, because he'd delivered half the babies in the county."	"gammage underestimated paul's popularity among local young families : ""i had real difficulty down in brazoria county, where he practiced, because he'd delivered half the babies in the county."
verifone is a leading global provider of technology for electronic payment transactions and value-added services at the point-of-sale.	verifone is a global provider of technology for electronic payment transactions and value-added services at the point-of-sale.
"monica samille lewinsky (born july 23, 1973) is an american woman with whom then-united states president bill clinton admitted to having had an ""inappropriate relationship"" while lewinsky worked at the white house in 1995 and 1996. the tawdry nature of the affair and its resulting repercussions in the impeachment of bill clinton and the surrounding scandals of 1997-99 became known as the lewinsky scandal, ""monicagate"" and ""zippergate."""	"monica samille lewinsky (born july 23, 1973) is an american woman with whom then-united states president bill clinton admitted to having had an ""inappropriate relationship"" while lewinsky worked at the white house in 1995 and 1996. the nature of the affair and its resulting repercussions in the impeachment of bill clinton and the surrounding scandals of 1997-99 became known as the lewinsky scandal, ""monicagate"" and ""zippergate."""
"lucian, himself a writer of the second sophistic, even calls jesus christ ""that crucified sophist""."	"lucian, himself a writer of the second sophistic, even calls jesus ""that crucified sophist""."
under stalin, who replaced the new economic policy (nep) of the 1920s with five year plans (introduced in 1928) and collective farming, the soviet union was transformed from a peasant society to a major world industrial power; meanwhile stalin consolidated his personal power and eliminated effective political opposition during the 1930s through a combination of beneficence, tactical retreats, and ruthless purges (see gulag) that resulted in millions of deaths.	under stalin, who replaced the new economic policy (nep) of the 1920s with five year plans (introduced in 1928) and collective farming, the soviet union was transformed from a peasant society to a major world industrial power; meanwhile stalin consolidated his personal power and eliminated effective political opposition during the 1930s through a combination of beneficence, tactical retreats, and purges (see gulag) that resulted in millions of deaths.
the withdrawal was highly contested by the radical nationalist right in israel, particularly the religious nationalist tendency, and some supporters of these tendencies now consider the gaza strip to be an occupied part of israel.	the withdrawal was highly contested by the nationalist right in israel, particularly the religious nationalist tendency, and some supporters of these tendencies now consider the gaza strip to be an occupied part of israel.
in murshidabad the shola crafts are flowery designs, decorative head-wears of gods and goddesses, garlands, exquisite figurines like faces of gods and goddesses, elephant-howdahs, peacock-boats, palanquins and so on are made of sholapith.	in murshidabad the shola crafts are flowery designs, decorative head-wears of gods and goddesses, garlands, intricate figurines like faces of gods and goddesses, elephant-howdahs, peacock-boats, palanquins and so on are made of sholapith.
"the inspiration for ""cornflake girl"" came from alice walker's novel possessing the secret of joy, about a young african woman going through the ritual of female circumcision ."	"the inspiration for ""cornflake girl"" came from alice walker's novel possessing the secret of joy, about a young african woman going through the ritual of female genital cutting ."
janna dominguez (born 1990), filipina actress, host, comedienne	janna dominguez (born 1990), filipina actress, host, comedian
24 the longest day or officially as 24: remix bundle is a custom soundtrack of the 24 theme song by top international producer armin van buuren.	24 the longest day or officially as 24: remix bundle is a custom soundtrack of the 24 theme song by international producer armin van buuren.
the joke became an international sensation when questionable publications from europe and hong kong reprinted the trick without verifying it or egms permission, and a hong kong based comic based around street fighter ii by jademan comics altered their story just to include the character.	the joke became an international sensation when publications from europe and hong kong reprinted the trick without verifying it or egms permission, and a hong kong based comic based around street fighter ii by jademan comics altered their story just to include the character.
an organization with close ties to the koch brothers, freedom partners, gave grants worth a total of $236 million to conservative organizations, including tea party groups like the tea party patriots and organizations which opposed the affordable care act prior to the 2012 election.	an organization with ties to the koch brothers, freedom partners, gave grants worth a total of $236 million to conservative organizations, including tea party groups like the tea party patriots and organizations which opposed the affordable care act prior to the 2012 election.
james brady callan is a former roman catholic priest and one of the founders of the spiritus christi sect in rochester, new york.	james brady callan is a former roman catholic priest and one of the founders of the spiritus christi community in rochester, new york.
unfortunately they soon encounter a mutant hating street gang.	they soon encounter a mutant hating street gang.
some of these groups have burned the text in public conflagrations .	some of these groups have burned the text in public demonstrations .
as well as being enjoyable for its own vanilla sexual pleasure , this position is a good position for play with sexual dominance: some consider the position humiliating or degrading because of it's perceived link to animal copulation, or more generally, because of its perceived submissive (or receptive) nature.	as well as being enjoyable for its own sexual pleasure, this position is a good position for play with sexual dominance: some consider the position humiliating or degrading because of it's perceived link to animal copulation, or more generally, because of its perceived submissive (or receptive) nature.
"denis is a cover of the classic 1963 hit, ""denise"", by randy & the rainbows."	"denis is a cover of the 1963 hit, ""denise"", by randy & the rainbows."
while backers and the developers of the firefox browser were hesitant in implementing the protocol for ethical reasons due to its dependency on proprietary code, firefox introduced eme support on windows platforms in may 2015. firefox's implementation of eme uses an open-source sandbox to load the proprietary drm modules, which are treated as plug-ins that are loaded when eme- protected content is requested.	while backers and the developers of the firefox browser were hesitant in implementing the protocol for ethical reasons due to its dependency on proprietary code, firefox introduced eme support on windows platforms in may 2015. firefox's implementation of eme uses an open-source sandbox to load the proprietary drm modules, which are treated as plug-ins that are loaded when eme- encrypted content is requested.
mont ripley is known for its challenging terrain and spectacular views of houghton, portage lake and the huron mountains.	mont ripley is known for its challenging terrain and views of houghton, portage lake and the huron mountains.
johnson says the ppaca will lead to rationed care, lower the quality of care, increase medical costs and severely limit medical innovation this law will add trillions of dollars to our nations debt and deficit he is a cosponsor of legislation to suspend implementation of obamacare while legal challenges to the bill are decided.	johnson says the ppaca will lead to rationed care, lower the quality of care, increase medical costs and severely limit medical innovation this law will add trillions of dollars to our nations debt and deficit he is a cosponsor of legislation to suspend implementation of ppaca while legal challenges to the bill are decided.
when it appeared that harecastle tunnel, on the trent and mersey canal, might have to close permanently because of mining subsidence, one of the solutions mooted was to make a connection between the leek branch of the caldon canal and the macclesfield canal at bosley, via leek and possibly rudyard lake; fortunately harecastle tunnel remains open to navigation.	when it appeared that harecastle tunnel, on the trent and mersey canal, might have to close permanently because of mining subsidence, one of the solutions mooted was to make a connection between the leek branch of the caldon canal and the macclesfield canal at bosley, via leek and possibly rudyard lake; however harecastle tunnel remains open to navigation.
the contest had a several-month hiatus beginning in august 1999, starting again in january of 2000 using annoying roman numerals to number the contest weeks.	the contest had a several-month hiatus beginning in august 1999, starting again in january of 2000 using roman numerals to number the contest weeks.
"the plot and story of the book was greeted favorably by most readers, but a flaw in the book called the ""tunnel to hammerdal chokepoint"" (along with some accompanying errata in some editions) detracted from the enjoyment of the book for some readers."	"the plot and story of the book was greeted favorably by most readers, but a challenging encounter in the book called the ""tunnel to hammerdal chokepoint"" (along with some accompanying errata in some editions) detracted from the enjoyment of the book for some readers."
"known for her controversial polemical style and conservative views, she has been described as ""the republican michael moore,"" and ""rush limbaugh in a miniskirt."""	"known for her controversial style and conservative views, she has been described as ""the republican michael moore,"" and ""rush limbaugh in a miniskirt."""
they primarily consist of primitive images of large animals, most of which are known from fossil evidence to have lived in the area at the time.	they primarily consist of images of large animals, most of which are known from fossil evidence to have lived in the area at the time.
after bagdasarian's untimely death in 1972, the characters' voices were performed by his son ross bagdasarian jr. and the latter's wife janice karman in the subsequent incarnations of the 1980s and 1990s.	after bagdasarian's death in 1972, the characters' voices were performed by his son ross bagdasarian jr. and the latter's wife janice karman in the subsequent incarnations of the 1980s and 1990s.
the philippines was unsettingly ruled as a territory of new spain from 1565 to 1821, before it was administered directly from spain.	the philippines was ruled as a territory of new spain from 1565 to 1821, before it was administered directly from spain.
the reign of the han dynasty, lasting over 400 years, is commonly considered within china to be among the greatest periods in the history of china.	the reign of the han dynasty, lasting over 400 years, is commonly considered within china to be one of the greatest periods in the history of china.
in northern ireland, members of the royal ulster constabulary and british army, have been involved in the deaths of irish republican militants at the hands of different loyalist paramilitary groups.	in northern ireland, members of the royal ulster constabulary and british army, have been involved in the deaths of irish republican terrorists at the hands of different loyalist paramilitary groups.
she also graced the cover of the spring 2012 issue of fey magazine, and also the covers of september 2012 ladies of steampunk and april 2013 losp bronze age (nsfw) magazines.	she also appeared on the cover of the spring 2012 issue of fey magazine, and also the covers of september 2012 ladies of steampunk and april 2013 losp bronze age (nsfw) magazines.
starring an ensemble cast led by owen wilson, vince vaughn, and christopher walken, and featuring rachel mcadams, isla fisher, bradley cooper, and jane seymour, the film has a notable cameo appearance by will ferrell.	starring an ensemble cast led by owen wilson, vince vaughn, and christopher walken, and featuring rachel mcadams, isla fisher, bradley cooper, and jane seymour, the film has a cameo appearance by will ferrell.
"style=""border-top: 1px solid dimgray;"" major crimes"	"style=""border-top: 1px solid dimgray;"" major actions"
another likely explanation, offered by survivor clyde doyle (himself a burn victim) is that the gunshots were mercy killings.	another explanation, offered by survivor clyde doyle (himself a burn victim) is that the gunshots were mercy killings.
and has a thriving youth section running teams in every age range from under-7 to under-18.	and has a youth section running teams in every age range from under-7 to under-18.
phir wohi raat is a 1980 suspense film of horror genre starring superstar rajesh khanna in the lead role as a psychologist doctor opposite kim.	phir wohi raat is a 1980 suspense film of horror genre starring rajesh khanna in the lead role as a psychologist doctor opposite kim.
campbell brown (born june 14, 1968) is an american television news reporter, currently an anchor and liberal political pundit for cnn and a former co-anchor of nbc's weekend today.	campbell brown (born june 14, 1968) is an american television news reporter, currently an anchor and political pundit for cnn and a former co-anchor of nbc's weekend today.
instead they misperceive many traditional practices and rituals, such as neighborhood processions, as part of the unremarkable heritage representing traditional hong kong culture.	instead they regard many traditional practices and rituals, such as neighborhood processions, as part of the unremarkable heritage representing traditional hong kong culture.
"it is because of this that the word hobbit appeared so ""natural"" that people questioned whether or not tolkien had been the first to use it."	"it may have been because of this that the word hobbit appeared so ""natural"" that people questioned whether or not tolkien had been the first to use it."
he scored a fine goal against rangers in the scottish cup tie at ibrox on 6 february 2011, which earned celtic a replay.	he scored a goal against rangers in the scottish cup tie at ibrox on 6 february 2011, which earned celtic a replay.
all three were arrested, tried, convicted, and imprisoned for this heinous crime.	all three were arrested, tried, convicted, and imprisoned for this crime.
italian fascist leader benito mussolini solved the crisis between unified italy and the vatican by signing the lateran treaty granting the vatican city state sovereignty.	italian fascist leader benito mussolini ended the crisis between unified italy and the vatican by signing the lateran treaty granting the vatican city state sovereignty.
when completed by 2008, the freedom tower will be by some measurements the tallest building in the world, its spire rising to a patriotic height of 1776 feet.	when completed by 2008, the freedom tower will be by some measurements the tallest building in the world, its spire rising to a symbolic height of 1776 feet.
this fascinating habit is quite uncommon in the class insecta and markedly different from that of typical cercopoids or spittlebugs, which make and live in a froth mass either below or above ground.	this habit is quite uncommon in the class insecta and markedly different from that of typical cercopoids or spittlebugs, which make and live in a froth mass either below or above ground.
tv celebrity and self- styled psychic uri geller was until recently a critic of csicop, filing a number of unsuccessful lawsuits against the organization.	tv celebrity and self- identified psychic uri geller was until recently a critic of csicop, filing a number of unsuccessful lawsuits against the organization.
among the early followers and apostles of christ , a matthew is mentioned in and as a former tax collector from capernaum who was called into the circle of the twelve by jesus.	among the early followers and apostles of jesus , a matthew is mentioned in and as a former tax collector from capernaum who was called into the circle of the twelve by jesus.
the rich's great tree, now the macy's great tree (and briefly the the great tree at macy's), was a large tall cut pine christmas tree that had been an atlanta tradition since 1948. as of 2013, the tree has been replaced by a much smaller fake one in the parking lot, which was then moved back to the roof for 2014.	the rich's great tree, now the macy's great tree (and briefly the the great tree at macy's), was a large tall cut pine christmas tree that had been an atlanta tradition since 1948. as of 2013, the tree has been replaced by a much smaller artificial one in the parking lot, which was then moved back to the roof for 2014.
april - the kuwaiti government uncovers an iraqi assassination plot against former u.s. president george h. w. bush shortly after his visit to kuwait.	april - the kuwaiti government claims to uncover an iraqi assassination plot against former u.s. president george h. w. bush shortly after his visit to kuwait.
he has also contributed to several newspapers, including the los angeles times, the wall street journal, and the christian science monitor.	he has contributed to several newspapers, including the los angeles times, the wall street journal, and the christian science monitor.
after his death, lilith magazine, a jewish feminist publication, catalogued unsubstantiated allegations of sexual impropriety against him.	after his death, lilith magazine, a jewish feminist publication, catalogued allegations of sexual impropriety against him.
diane maureen butcher is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sophie lawrence.	diane maureen butcher is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sophie lawrence.
"the well known extremely short, ""breadbox editions"" of the harry potter movies are excellent parodies."	"the well known extremely short, ""breadbox editions"" of the harry potter movies are parodies."
identification portrait of a chinese communist terrorist , used by commonwealth troops to help recognise insurgents.	identification portrait of a chinese communist, used by commonwealth troops to help recognise insurgents.
however, jennings later reclaimed that distinction by controversially winning $500,000 on are you smarter than a 5th grader?	however, jennings later reclaimed that distinction by winning $500,000 on are you smarter than a 5th grader?
after his passing , his son bimala prasada (later to become known as bhaktisiddhanta saraswati) printed the caitanya caritamrita en masse.	after his death , his son bimala prasada (later to become known as bhaktisiddhanta saraswati) printed the caitanya caritamrita en masse.
the third murder was committed six years later in january 2004, mariangela pezzotta, 27, the girlfriend of cult member andrea volpe was shot and later buried alive.	the third murder was committed six years later in january 2004, mariangela pezzotta, 27, the girlfriend of member andrea volpe was shot and later buried alive.
police are agents or agencies, usually of the executive, empowered to enforce the law and to effect public and social order through the legitimate use of force.	police are agents or agencies, usually of the executive, empowered to enforce the law and to effect public and social order through the legitimatized use of force.
despite key bush advisers' stated interest in invading iraq, little formal movement towards an invasion occurred until the september 11, 2001 attacks.	despite key bush advisers' stated interest in liberating iraq, little formal movement towards an invasion occurred until the september 11, 2001 attacks.
several elements of the superman mythos which originated in the film have since been incorporated into the regular continuity of the dc comics universe:	elements of the superman mythos which originated in the film have since been incorporated into the regular continuity of the dc comics universe:
marie louise marcadet, nee baptiste, (1758-1804), was a swedish actress and singer.	marie louise marcadet, nee baptiste, (1758-1804), was a swedish actor and singer.
his concept of qualia avoids the pitfalls of the idea of special qualia with non-functional properties, which was criticized by daniel dennett.	his concept of qualia attempts to avoid the pitfalls of the idea of special qualia with non-functional properties, which was criticized by daniel dennett.
survitec group is a leading manufacturer of personal survival equipment for usage after ejecting from aircraft or when at sea.	survitec group is a british manufacturer of personal survival equipment for usage after ejecting from aircraft or when at sea.
"for example, the ab-10 was a post-ban version of the tec-9, with the barrel threading, and barrel shroud removed; the xm-15 was a legal ar-15 without barrel threading, or a bayonet mounting lug; post-ban semi-automatic ak-47s were also sold without folding stocks, bayonet lugs, and with standard or ""thumbhole"" stocks instead of pistol-grips."	"for example, the ab-10 was a post-ban version of the tec-9, with barrel threading, and barrel shroud removed; the xm-15 was a legal ar-15 without barrel threading, or a bayonet mounting lug; post-ban semi-automatic ak-47s were also sold without folding stocks, bayonet lugs, and with standard or ""thumbhole"" stocks instead of pistol-grips."
"the used car lot (""campus cars"") that dave's father owns was on s. walnut st., and was a real used car lot for many years, but now has two small commercial buildings on the property; it is located at 1010 s. walnut st. next door is the local honda motorcycle franchise seen in the background of the famous ""refund?"	"the used car lot (""campus cars"") that dave's father owns was on s. walnut st., and was a real used car lot for many years, but now has two small commercial buildings on the property; it is located at 1010 s. walnut st. next door is the local honda motorcycle franchise seen in the background of the ""refund?"
fringe authors claim that there is a connection between long delayed echos and reports that nikola tesla picked up a repeating radio signal in 1899 which he believed was coming from space.	authors claim that there is a connection between long delayed echos and reports that nikola tesla picked up a repeating radio signal in 1899 which he believed was coming from space.
muhammad shahbaz (january 12, 1972), known as shahbaz junior, belongs to gojra is a great player of hockey hockey player from pakistan who took part in the 1992 and 1996 olympics.	muhammad shahbaz (january 12, 1972), known as shahbaz junior, belongs to gojra is a player of hockey hockey player from pakistan who took part in the 1992 and 1996 olympics.
1995 - brca2 was resequenced based on unpublished insider information at the myriad facility and the university of utah by mark skolnick and collaborators	1995 - brca2 was resequenced based on unpublished information at the myriad facility and the university of utah by mark skolnick and collaborators
harlem numbers racket kingpin	harlem numbers racket
many in israel today claim that the murder of rabin stopped the peace process dead in its tracks, and that rabin could have led israel to a permanent peace.	many in israel today feel that the murder of rabin stopped the peace process dead in its tracks, and that rabin could have led israel to a permanent peace.
in 1793 the city was forcefully annexed by the kingdom of prussia following the second partition of poland.	in 1793 the city was annexed by the kingdom of prussia following the second partition of poland.
the song features a gospel style choir with background ad libs from popular american rappers.	the song features a gospel style choir with background ad libs from various american rappers.
in 1989, albuquerque high school teacher joyce briscoe showed the film to gifted history students at la cueva high school, raising a storm of controversy by parents and local christian broadcaster klyt.	in 1989, albuquerque high school teacher joyce briscoe showed the film to history students at la cueva high school, raising a storm of controversy by parents and local christian broadcaster klyt.
the xt5 features innovative technology such as a streaming video rear-view mirror, and the first application in a cadillac of gms electronic precision shift, which replaces the standard hydraulic shifter with an electronic controller.	the xt5 features technology such as a streaming video rear-view mirror, and the first application in a cadillac of gms electronic precision shift, which replaces the standard hydraulic shifter with an electronic controller.
in 1934 he was revealed to have been a major source of forged first editions of georgian and victorian authors in partnership with thomas james wise (18591937)	in 1934 he was revealed to have been a major source of forged first editions of georgian and victorian authors in a conspiracy with thomas james wise (18591937)
the miami new times reported that the family research council had removed the details about rekers' role as a founder board member from their web site, but details of rekers involvement in the founding was still available buried in a faq on the website.	the miami new times reported that the family research council had removed the details about rekers' role as a founder board member from their web site, but details of rekers involvement in the founding was still available in a faq on the website.
castilian spanish has taken many swear words from latin american nations, just as the british have adapted profanity from american dialects.	castillian spanish has taken many swear words from latin american nations, just as the british have adapted profanity from american dialects.
in the 1975-1979 timeframe, all north korean tours entering the jsa would make a stop there first, so the tourists could look at doctored photos of americans bayoneting korean babies, president kennedy eating a korean baby, and of kim il sung performing various heroic deeds during the korean war (per conversations with a neutral nations supervisory command officer who had been there in 1976).	in the 1975-1979 timeframe, all north korean tours entering the jsa would make a stop there first, so the tourists could look at doctored photos of americans bayoneting korean babies, president kennedy eating a korean baby, and of kim il sung performing various heroic deeds during the korean war (per conversations with a neutral nations supervisory commission officer who had been there in 1976).
grounded in developmental theories of vygotsky and feuerstein, who recognized that human beings are not static entities but are always in states of transition and transactional relationships with the world, dynamic assessment received also considerable support in the recent revisions of cognitive developmental theory by joseph campione, ann brown, and john d. bransford and in theories of multiple intelligences by howard gardner and robert sternberg.	grounded in developmental theories of vygotsky and feuerstein, who maintained that human beings are not static entities but are always in states of transition and transactional relationships with the world, dynamic assessment received also considerable support in the recent revisions of cognitive developmental theory by joseph campione, ann brown, and john d. bransford and in theories of multiple intelligences by howard gardner and robert sternberg.
jaws (1975) is an american film, based upon a bestselling novel by peter benchley, which itself was based loosely on the terrifying true story of the jersey shore shark attacks of 1916. in the story, a resort town's sheriff tries to protect beachgoers from the predations of a huge great white shark by closing the beach, only to be overruled by the town council.	jaws (1975) is an american film, based upon a bestselling novel by peter benchley, which itself was based loosely on the true story of the jersey shore shark attacks of 1916. in the story, a resort town's sheriff tries to protect beachgoers from the predations of a huge great white shark by closing the beach, only to be overruled by the town council.
the regressive left (also sometimes referred to as regressive liberals) is a political epithet used to negatively characterize a section of leftists who are accused of holding politically regressive views (as opposed to progressive views) by tolerating illiberal principles and ideologies for the sake of multiculturalism and cultural relativism.	the regressive left (also sometimes referred to as regressive liberals) is a political epithet used to negatively characterize a section of people on the left who are accused of holding politically regressive views (as opposed to progressive views) by tolerating illiberal principles and ideologies for the sake of multiculturalism and cultural relativism.
instead , she died following childbirth at the age of 21.	however , she died following childbirth at the age of 21.
collin finnerty, 2003, duke lacrosse rapist	collin finnerty, 2003, duke lacrosse player accused of rape
an alumnus of the prestigious school of planning and architecture, delhi, he is known for utilizing locally available materials and traditional construction techniques in harmony with its ecosystem.	an alumnus of the school of planning and architecture, delhi, he is known for utilizing locally available materials and traditional construction techniques in harmony with its ecosystem.
sullivan is known for his unusual personal-political identity.	sullivan is known for his distinctive personal-political identity.
in the valentinian gnostic creation myth , sophia sought the unknowable one.	in the valentinian gnostic creation story , sophia sought the unknowable one.
in some areas, modern orthodoxys left wing appears to align with more traditional elements of conservative judaism, and some on the left of modern orthodoxy have even allied with the formerly conservative union for traditional judaism.	in some areas, modern orthodoxys left wing appears to align with more traditional elements of conservative judaism, and some on the left of modern orthodoxy have allied with the formerly conservative union for traditional judaism.
however , this claim is not supported by epidemiologic data.	according to the majority of experts , this claim is not supported by epidemiologic data.
following the 1979 islamic revolution in iran, in 1981 bahraini shia fundamentalists orchestrated a failed coup attempt under the auspices of a front organisation, the islamic front for the liberation of bahrain.	following the 1979 islamic revolution in iran, in 1981 bahraini shia population orchestrated a failed coup attempt under the auspices of a front organisation, the islamic front for the liberation of bahrain.
however it was later revealed that michfest has not changed their policy.	however it was later revealed that mwmf has not changed their policy.
this incident was used as comedic material by presenters later in the show.	she was ultimately led off stage , and the incident was used as comedic material by presenters later in the show.
"with the success of its up-and-coming football program on the division i level, the university's administration and athletics department worked together to completely revamp the ""branding"" of the school - that is, design completely new logos for the university, the university seal and the athletics department, thus forming a unified mark to represent the school on a national level."	"with the success of its football program on the division i level, the university's administration and athletics department worked together to completely revamp the ""branding"" of the school - that is, design completely new logos for the university, the university seal and the athletics department, thus forming a unified mark to represent the school on a national level."
durnford's 1,400 soldiers fought bravely , but were totally overwhelmed.	durnford's 1,400 soldiers fought the zulus , but were totally overwhelmed.
the cambridge apostles, also known as the cambridge conversazione society, is an elite intellectual secret society at the university of cambridge founded in 1820 by george tomlinson, a cambridge student who went on to become the bishop of gibraltar.	the cambridge apostles, also known as the cambridge conversazione society, is an intellectual secret society at the university of cambridge founded in 1820 by george tomlinson, a cambridge student who went on to become the bishop of gibraltar.
french movie narco beautifully potrays the disease.	french movie narco potrays the disease.
the hawaiian independence movement is a fringe political movement with the ultimate goal of returning sovereignty to the overthrown kingdom of hawaii (now the u.s. state of hawaii).	the hawaiian independence movement is a political movement with the ultimate goal of returning sovereignty to the overthrown kingdom of hawaii (now the u.s. state of hawaii).
sadly the text for this edition has not been updated and the kindle edition has the same content as the 2007 edition.	the text for this edition has not been updated and the kindle edition has the same content as the 2007 edition.
one should recognize that ragnark is not simply a moral conflict between dualistic notions of good and evil like the christian notion of armageddon, but rather it is the result of extended, intricate conflict between the sir and those allied with chaos.	one should recognize that ragnark is not a moral conflict between dualistic notions of good and evil like the christian notion of armageddon, but rather it is the result of extended, intricate conflict between the sir and those allied with chaos.
is a supermodel , actress, musician, and fashion designer.	is a model , actress, musician, and fashion designer.
"dukakis replied coolly , ""no, i don't, and i think you know that i've opposed the death penalty during all of my life"", and explained his stance."	"dukakis replied, ""no, i don't, and i think you know that i've opposed the death penalty during all of my life"", and explained his stance."
the prc claims that the islands sit on the edge of the continental shelf of mainland asia, and are separated from the ryukyu islands by a sea trench, while japan considers that the continental shelf stretches to the much deeper nansei-shoto trench, east to the southwest islands and that the islands and the ryukyu islands are on the same continental shelf.	the prc considers that the islands sit on the edge of the continental shelf of mainland asia, and are separated from the ryukyu islands by a sea trench, while japan considers that the continental shelf stretches to the much deeper nansei-shoto trench, east to the southwest islands and that the islands and the ryukyu islands are on the same continental shelf.
it would be expected that any nn issues would be more common where monopoly or duopoly providers exist.	it would be expected that any network neutrality issues would be more common where monopoly or duopoly providers exist.
on june 4, fey stated that baldwin would be voluntarily returning for the second season and denied rumors, perpetuated by in touch weekly, that baldwin had made her cry on set.	on june 4, fey stated that baldwin would be voluntarily returning for the second season and denied rumors, reported by in touch weekly, that baldwin had made her cry on set.
the useless multiple machine guns were replaced with single 20 mm oerlikon guns, with a further pair added abreast the searchlight platform amidships.	the relatively ineffective multiple machine guns were replaced with single 20 mm oerlikon guns, with a further pair added abreast the searchlight platform amidships.
savetheinternet.com - a pro- regulation coalition	savetheinternet.com - a pro- network neutrality coalition
the school is located off blake road, near the moultonborough central school (k-6) on nh route 25. the school's rich range of subjects include band, computer literacy, latin, spanish, french, and physics.	the school is located off blake road, near the moultonborough central school (k-6) on nh route 25. the school's range of subjects include band, computer literacy, latin, spanish, french, and physics.
interestingly, the flag had never yet been publicly displayed, sold, or otherwise distributed, so the desecrators were burning hand-made flags.	interestingly, the flag had never yet been publicly displayed, sold, or otherwise distributed, so the protestors were burning hand-made flags.
issues of the warwick argus and tenterfield advertiser from 1866 to 1869 and from 1874 to 1879 and of the warwick argus from 1879 to 1901 have been digitised and made available online as part of the national library of australia's newspaper digitisation project project.	issues of the warwick argus and tenterfield chronicle from 1866 to 1869 and from 1874 to 1879 and of the warwick argus from 1879 to 1901 have been digitised and made available online as part of the national library of australia's newspaper digitisation project project.
liberal watchdog group media matters for america has been consistently critical of remarks sean hannity has made on his television and radio shows.	liberal group media matters for america has been consistently critical of remarks sean hannity has made on his television and radio shows.
though small, lie has had a profound impact on hawaiian culture.	though small, lie has had a signficant impact on hawaiian culture.
on june 7, clinton officially secured a majority of pledged delegates after winning convincing victories in the california and and new jersey primaries.	on june 7, clinton officially secured a majority of pledged delegates after winning victories in the california and and new jersey primaries.
the al qa'qaa high explosives controversy concerns the loss of about 340 tonnes of high explosives hmx and rdx before, during, or after the 2003 invasion of iraq.	the al qa'qaa high explosives controversy concerns the removal of about 340 tonnes of high explosives hmx and rdx before, during, or after the 2003 invasion of iraq.
his wife is expecting a third child due in february, 2017; veronica gave birth to a beautiful baby girl shortly after being on bed rest.	his wife is expecting a third child due in february, 2017; veronica gave birth to a baby girl shortly after being on bed rest.
baruch kappel goldstein (hebrew: ; december 9 or december 12, 1956–february 25, 1994) was an american-israeli mass-murderer who killed 29 attendants of a mosque and wounded 125 in a 1994 shooting attack in the cave of the patriarchs in hebron, west bank.	baruch kappel goldstein (hebrew: ; december 9 or december 12, 1956–february 25, 1994) was an american-israeli settler who killed 29 attendants of a mosque and wounded 125 in a 1994 shooting attack in the cave of the patriarchs in hebron, west bank.
pinker's ideas have been challenged by elizabeth spelke and ben barres.	pinker's arguments have been challenged by elizabeth spelke and ben barres.
attentive to the theory of evolution, they assumed that all human beings evolved equally, and that the fact that all humans have cultures must in some way result from human evolution.	attentive to the theory of evolution, anthropologists such as franz boas assumed that all human beings evolved equally, and that the fact that all humans have cultures must in some way result from human evolution.
the magnificent collection of the thyssen family, mostly kept in the thyssen-bornemisza museum, which settled in madrid in 1992, was bought to the spanish state.	the collection of the thyssen family, mostly kept in the thyssen-bornemisza museum, which settled in madrid in 1992, was bought to the spanish state.
his ten sisters are eldest child lori, ditzy yet beautiful leni, aspiring rock star luna, aspiring comedienne luan, athletic lynn, gloomy goth lucy, polar-opposite twins girly lola and tomboy lana, child prodigy lisa, and baby lily.	his ten sisters are eldest child lori, ditzy yet beautiful leni, aspiring rock star luna, aspiring comedian luan, athletic lynn, gloomy goth lucy, polar-opposite twins girly lola and tomboy lana, child prodigy lisa, and baby lily.
documentation in archives and historical epidemiology demonstrates that governmental policies furthered the progress of this epidemic among the natives, and did little or nothing about the waves of other introduced epidemics.	documentation in archives and historical epidemiology demonstrates that governmental policies furthered the progress of this epidemic among the natives, and did little or nothing about the waves of other epidemics.
}}salon is a far left-leaning news website created by david talbot in 1995 and part of salon media group .	}}salon is a left-leaning news website created by david talbot in 1995 and part of salon media group .
allegations and lawsuits of gay sexual coercion	allegations and lawsuits of sexual coercion
she was killed on march 1, 2002 in worthing when being chased from a store where she had been shoplifting; she ran onto the a27, where she was hit by three vehicles, dying instantly at the age of only 36. she left a four year old son.	she was killed on march 1, 2002 in worthing when being chased from a store where she had been shoplifting; she ran onto the a27, where she was hit by three vehicles, dying instantly at the age of 36. she left a four year old son.
the character of his brother in film was actually chosen as jayaram but due to unavailability of dates project, dileep was cast to replace him.	the character of his brother in film was originally chosen as jayaram but due to unavailability of dates project, dileep was cast to replace him.
"there is also another stereo version that sounds the same, but with weird whispering at the very beginning which appears on the original release of ""19621966""."	"there is also another stereo version that sounds the same, but with whispering at the very beginning which appears on the original release of ""19621966""."
"irish people often refer to the state as ""the south"" - it is not uncommon to hear northern irish people talking about going ""down south""."	"irish people sometimes refer to the state as ""the south"" - it is not uncommon to hear northern irish people talking about going ""down south""."
toxicology reports were negative for alcohol or other drugs .	toxicology reports were negative for alcohol or drugs .
she was one of their three best featured models alongside miho tanaka and rena takeshita.	she was one of their three featured models alongside miho tanaka and rena takeshita.
national center for complementary and alternative medicine (nccam) and other nih-affiliated organizations hold that st john's wort has minimal or no effects beyond placebo in the treatment of major depression this conclusion is based primarily on only one trial of 340 volunteers, with negative outcome conducted by nccam.	national center for complementary and alternative medicine (nccam) and other nih-affiliated organizations hold that st john's wort has minimal or no effects beyond placebo in the treatment of major depression this conclusion is based primarily on one trial of 340 volunteers, with negative outcome conducted by nccam.
outeverywhere (also known simply as out and formerly outintheuk) is a website providing an integrative online lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community, chiefly in the uk, although it has members worldwide.	outeverywhere (also known simply as out and formerly outintheuk) is a website providing an online lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender community, chiefly in the uk, although it has members worldwide.
the dutch anatomist eugne dubois was fascinated by darwin's theory of evolution especially as it applied to mankind .	the dutch anatomist eugne dubois was fascinated by darwin's theory of evolution especially as it applied to humankind .
the term also refers to a modern social movement evident in countries all over the world which attempts to make mainstream media more accountable to the publics they claim serve and to create more democratic alternatives.	the term also refers to a modern social movement evident in countries all over the world which attempts to make mainstream media more accountable to the publics they serve and to create more democratic alternatives.
relatives described the 20-year-old knox as charming but unwary.	relatives described the 20-year-old knox as outgoing but unwary.
alan lomax (january 31, 1915 – july 19, 2002) was an important american folklorist and musicologist.	alan lomax (january 31, 1915 – july 19, 2002) was an american folklorist and musicologist.
kim alexis (b. july 15 1960, lockport, new york) is an american supermodel and actress.	kim alexis (b. july 15 1960, lockport, new york) is an american model and actress.
creation science or scientific creationism is the pseudoscientific movement within creationism which attempts to use scientific means to disprove the accepted scientific facts and theories on the history of the earth, cosmology and biological evolution and prove the genesis account of creation.	creation science or scientific creationism is the movement within creationism which attempts to use scientific means to disprove the accepted scientific facts and theories on the history of the earth, cosmology and biological evolution and prove the genesis account of creation.
schooled at foxton beach school and manawatu college, packer originally played rugby union from a young age for the junior foxton rugby club and also for a junior marist club in nelson.	educated at foxton beach school and manawatu college, packer originally played rugby union from a young age for the junior foxton rugby club and also for a junior marist club in nelson.
examples of such technologies comprise hybrid cars, heat pumps, energy-saving refrigerators, or better insulated windows.	examples of such technologies include hybrid cars, heat pumps, energy-saving refrigerators, or better insulated windows.
a fifth was added in 1973 after decades of lobbying by its powerful owner.)	a fifth was added in 1973 after decades of lobbying by its owner.)
the planex commercial is a parody of the infamous 1984 commercial for apple computer.	the planex commercial is a parody of the 1984 commercial for apple computer.
planned parenthood action fund, inc. (ppaf) is a related organization that lobbies the u.s. political system for pro- choice legislation, comprehensive sex education, and access to affordable health care.	planned parenthood action fund, inc. (ppaf) is a related organization that lobbies the u.s. political system for pro- abortion legislation, comprehensive sex education, and access to affordable health care.
the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film by british television producer martin durkin which argues against prominent scientific views on global warming.	the great global warming swindle is a controversial documentary film by british television producer martin durkin which fights against prominent scientific views on global warming.
friends of science claims that they do not receive any direct funding from petroleum or related companies.	friends of science state that they do not receive any direct funding from petroleum or related companies.
monkstown is well known for its excellent 18-hole golf course, deep-sea fishing, sailing club, restaurants and pubs.	monkstown is well known for its 18-hole golf course, deep-sea fishing, sailing club, restaurants and pubs.
instapaper is a simple tool for saving web pages to read later on one's android or ios device, computer, ereader, or smartphone.	instapaper is a tool for saving web pages to read later on one's android or ios device, computer, ereader, or smartphone.
a charming bear in the zoo	a polar bear in the zoo
the show is also notable for its high quantity of profanity, its blasphemous depiction of the judeo-christian tradition, and surreal images such as a troupe of tap-dancing ku klux klan members.	the show is also notable for its high quantity of profanity, its unusual depiction of the judeo-christian tradition, and surreal images such as a troupe of tap-dancing ku klux klan members.
after the mother's passing , satprem edited the tapes (which were in french), which he published as the agenda.	after the mother's death , satprem edited the tapes (which were in french), which he published as the agenda.
though there are those who feel that the character battle was a haven for square & nintendo fanboys .	though there are those who feel that the character battle was a haven for square & nintendo fans .
the united states had since 2014 led efforts to establish a global coalition to counter isil /daesh .	the united states had since 2014 led efforts to establish a global coalition to counter isil.
the band are seen as a darkly sensual band, whose animalistic and erotic infused lyrics are obscured by nevilles mesmerizing vocals.	the band are seen as a darkly sensual band, whose animalistic and erotic infused lyrics are obscured by nevilles vocals.
on the compact disc-interactive console by philips, is the obscure quality puzzle-action game where mario must take the elevator between the several floors of a hotel to shut every door to clear the level.	on the compact disc-interactive console by philips, is the obscure puzzle-action game where mario must take the elevator between the several floors of a hotel to shut every door to clear the level.
jennifer saunders, english comedienne , screenwriter, singer, and actress	jennifer saunders, english comedian , screenwriter, singer, and actress
all local slavic-speekers were regarded and self-identified as macedonian bulgarians.	most local slavic-speekers were regarded and self-identified as macedonian bulgarians.
ireland's taoiseach brian cowen is abused by displeased residents in athlone during his half-day tour of flood-hit areas in galway, offaly, roscommon and westmeath.	ireland's taoiseach brian cowen is confronted by displeased residents in athlone during his half-day tour of flood-hit areas in galway, offaly, roscommon and westmeath.
"hassan runs a for-profit corporation called ""freedom of mind"", the website of which contains what he describes as information on ""cults and controversial groups"" and on which he offers his counseling and consultation services."	"hassan runs a corporation called ""freedom of mind"", the website of which contains what he describes as information on ""cults and controversial groups"" and on which he offers his counseling and consultation services."
normally only the woman does so.	usually only the woman does so.
ahead of the elections, he had soon put an end to speculation that he might team up with the newly founded afd, which the cdu instead attempted to demonize as a fringe movement that flirts with the far right.	ahead of the elections, he had soon put an end to speculation that he might team up with the newly founded afd, which the cdu instead attempted to characterize as a fringe movement that flirts with the far right.
what remains are some offices and the great alfa romeo historical museum, a must-see for alfa romeo fans.	what remains are some offices and the alfa romeo historical museum, a must-see for alfa romeo fans.
this was for a league cup visit of tottenham hotspur, which newcastle unfortunately lost 21. at the time, tottenham were bottom of the premier league with just two points from eight games, while newcastle themselves were second-bottom on four points.	this was for a league cup visit of tottenham hotspur, which newcastle lost 21. at the time, tottenham were bottom of the premier league with just two points from eight games, while newcastle themselves were second-bottom on four points.
judy canova (19131983), american comedienne , actress, pop singer, and radio personality	judy canova (19131983), american comedian , actress, pop singer, and radio personality
nellie was played by veteran comedienne hylda baker, who was born and bred in farnworth, eleven miles north of manchester.	nellie was played by veteran comedian hylda baker, who was born and bred in farnworth, eleven miles north of manchester.
fifa 12 has received universal critical acclaim with a score of 91 and 92 on metacritic for the xbox 360 and ps3 versions.	fifa 12 has received critical acclaim with a score of 91 and 92 on metacritic for the xbox 360 and ps3 versions.
during the 7 month-long iraqi occupation, the forces of saddam hussein allegedly looted kuwait's vast wealth and there were also reports of excessive violations of human rights.	during the 7 month-long iraqi occupation, the forces of saddam hussein allegedly looted kuwait's vast wealth and there were also reports of violations of human rights.
during 1986-87, murdoch moved to modernise the production process of his british newspapers, over which the printing unions had long maintained a highly restrictive grip.	during 1986-87, murdoch moved to adjust the production process of his british newspapers, over which the printing unions had long maintained a highly restrictive grip.
the exterior finish is marble chips in plaster giving the building a beautiful white glow.	the exterior finish is marble chips in plaster giving the building a white glow.
the atlantic is an american magazine and multi-platform publisher.	the atlantic is a far-left american magazine and multi-platform publisher.
south of garmisch-partenkirchen is the spectacular partnach gorge (	south of garmisch-partenkirchen is the partnach gorge (
the elder sister of fellow broadcaster and world music obsessive andy kershaw, she began her career as a pop journalist for the yorkshire post before joining leeds station radio aire, where her brother also worked for a time.	the elder sister of fellow broadcaster and world music exponent andy kershaw, she began her career as a pop journalist for the yorkshire post before joining leeds station radio aire, where her brother also worked for a time.
"in the petition ""for a critical and enlightened debate about the past"" left-wing historians expressed concerns the centre would ""establish and popularize a one-sided image of the past, without historical context""."	"in the petition ""for a critical and enlightened debate about the past"" a group of historians expressed concerns the centre would ""establish and popularize a one-sided image of the past, without historical context""."
in cleveland, fans considered james' departure a betrayal comparable to art modell's efforts to relocate the cleveland browns to baltimore.	in cleveland, fans considered james' departure a betrayal that ranks second to art modell's efforts to relocate the cleveland browns to baltimore.
the hindu extremist organizations hindu janjagruti samiti (hjs) and shiv sena protested against the film for its portrayal of the hindu god rama, who appears in the midst of an anti-muslim riot.	the hindu organizations hindu janjagruti samiti (hjs) and shiv sena protested against the film for its portrayal of the hindu god rama, who appears in the midst of an anti-muslim riot.
one of four uk parliamentary by-elections taking place that day, and one of two in scotland, it was overshadowed by the spectacular snp win in glasgow govan.	one of four uk parliamentary by-elections taking place that day, and one of two in scotland, it was overshadowed by the surprising snp win in glasgow govan.
he is best known for his role as young sam winchester in the 2005 tv series, supernatural.	he is known for his role as young sam winchester in the 2005 tv series, supernatural.
the television miniseries son of the morning star, based on evan s. connell's bestselling novel , debuted in 1991. the film recounted the story of custer (gary cole) and the battle of the little big horn.	the television miniseries son of the morning star, based on evan s. connell's bestselling book , debuted in 1991. the film recounted the story of custer (gary cole) and the battle of the little big horn.
"white asserts that ""the idea of mary as coredemptrix or mediatrix is completely absent from the bible and from the early church...."" yet a cornucopia of counterexamples provides these choice fruits:"	"white states that ""the idea of mary as coredemptrix or mediatrix is completely absent from the bible and from the early church...."" yet a cornucopia of counterexamples provides these choice fruits:"
during his last year at cornell, dick was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.	during his last year at cornell, dick was elected to the sphinx head society.
like other traditional christians, however, they do believe that his death serves as a redemption of our sins and that his resurrection was a victory over death for all eternity.	like other traditional christians, however, they do believe that his death serves as a redemption of humanities sins and that his resurrection was a victory over death for all eternity.
it was based on ryan's earlier fr fireball, but replaced the fireball's piston engine with a general electric t-31 turboprop engine driving a huge 4-bladed hamilton standard propeller.	it was based on ryan's earlier fr fireball, but replaced the fireball's piston engine with a general electric t-31 turboprop engine driving a 4-bladed hamilton standard propeller.
sadly it would be manfred winkelhock's last ever formula one grand prix.	it would be manfred winkelhock's last ever formula one grand prix.
joe little interviewed lady valerie goulding to celebrate the fiftieth anniversary of the blitz of london by germany.	joe little interviewed lady valerie goulding to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the blitz of london by germany.
he remains a somewhat obscure figure, but is well known in experimental and microtonal circles, and is considered by many to be one of the most significant composers of the 20th century.	he remains a somewhat obscure figure, but is well known in experimental and microtonal circles, where he is considered by many to be one of the most significant composers of the 20th century.
during the syrian uprising (2011-present) the syrian air force has been frequently used against opposition militants and civilians, attacking them with helicopter gunships and warplanes.	during the syrian uprising (2011-present) the syrian air force has been frequently used against opposition fighters and civilians, attacking them with helicopter gunships and warplanes.
belinda stronach (born may 2, 1966 in newmarket, ontario) is a canadian businessperson, politician and conservative member of parliament (mp) in the canadian house of commons.	belinda stronach (born may 2, 1966 in newmarket, ontario) is a canadian businessperson, politician and member of parliament (mp) in the canadian house of commons.
the longest-lived and most effective of these american jewish resistance organizations was the los angeles jewish community committee (lajcc), which was backed financially by the jewish leaders of the motion picture industry.	the longest-lived and most effective of these american jewish surveillance organizations was the los angeles jewish community committee (lajcc), which was backed financially by the jewish leaders of the motion picture industry.
the election ended with a victory for the four opposition right- wing parties, which won a total of 96 seats out of 169 (85 needed for a majority).	the election ended with a victory for the four opposition right- of-center parties, which won a total of 96 seats out of 169 (85 needed for a majority).
in the programme williams expressed a number of questionable views.	in the programme williams expressed a number of views.
in the game where new head coach bill o'brien celebrated his first victory at penn state, the lions creamed navy 34-7. senior quarterback matt mcgloin threw for 231 yards (13-21) and 4 touchdowns including three to sophomore wide receiver allen robinson who had 5 catches for 136 yards.	in the game where new head coach bill o'brien celebrated his first victory at penn state, the lions defeated navy 34-7. senior quarterback matt mcgloin threw for 231 yards (13-21) and 4 touchdowns including three to sophomore wide receiver allen robinson who had 5 catches for 136 yards.
nahum norbert glatzer (march 25, 1903 – february 27, 1990) was a noted jewish literary scholar, theologian, and editor.	nahum norbert glatzer (march 25, 1903 – february 27, 1990) was a jewish literary scholar, theologian, and editor.
lee myung-bak (; ; ; born 19 december 1941) was the corrupted president of south korea.	lee myung-bak (; ; ; born 19 december 1941) was the president of south korea.
following industry exposure, he joined the ajk mass communication research centre, where he heads the photography, multimedia & audio visual sections and holds the prestigious maulana abdul kalam azad chair.	following industry exposure, he joined the ajk mass communication research centre, where he heads the photography, multimedia & audio visual sections and holds the maulana abdul kalam azad chair.
josef diefenthal (5 october 1915 13 april 2001) was a sturmbannfuhrer (major) in the waffen-ss who was awarded the knight's cross of the iron cross on 5 february 1945 for his exploits during the ardennes offensive, while in command of the 3rd battalion, 2nd ss panzer grenadier regiment, 1st ss division leibstandarte ss adolf hitler.	josef diefenthal (5 october 1915 13 april 2001) was a sturmbannfuhrer (major) in the waffen-ss who was awarded the knight's cross of the iron cross on 5 february 1945 for his actions during the ardennes offensive, while in command of the 3rd battalion, 2nd ss panzer grenadier regiment, 1st ss division leibstandarte ss adolf hitler.
yet his captivating human forms reach further back to histories of portraiture.	yet his human forms reach further back to histories of portraiture.
mohammed abdel rahman abdel raouf arafat al-qudwa al-husseini (august 24, 1929 november 11, 2004), popularly known as yasser arafat, was a palestinian militant and leader.	mohammed abdel rahman abdel raouf arafat al-qudwa al-husseini (august 24, 1929 november 11, 2004), popularly known as yasser arafat, was a palestinian terrorist and leader.
nine of its crewmembers died , including four high school students.	nine of its crewmembers were killed , including four high school students.
chris sligh, obese american idol season 6 contestant.	chris sligh, american idol season 6 contestant.
"theodore john ""ted"" kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american terrorist best known for his campaign of mail bombings."	"theodore john ""ted"" kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american anarchist best known for his campaign of mail bombings."
kinsey scale, sexual orientation (klein scale is superior but not yet as well known)	kinsey scale, sexual orientation (klein scale is more detailed but not yet as well known)
a strong advocate for advancing the legacy of abraham lincoln, lahood authored a law that established the abraham lincoln bicentennial commission, which laid the groundwork for celebrating the 16th president's 200th birthday in 2009. he has also been a lead capitol hill supporter for the lincoln presidential library in springfield, illinois, and is one of 15 members on the albc.	a strong advocate for preserving the legacy of abraham lincoln, lahood authored a law that established the abraham lincoln bicentennial commission, which laid the groundwork for celebrating the 16th president's 200th birthday in 2009. he has also been a lead capitol hill supporter for the lincoln presidential library in springfield, illinois, and is one of 15 members on the albc.
saint jadwiga (1373/4 17 july 1399) was monarch of poland from 1384 to her death.	jadwiga (1373/4 17 july 1399) was monarch of poland from 1384 to her death.
frequent risks include peripheral neuropathy, ataxia, congenital abnormalities or sponaneous abortion in case of pregnancy, gouty arthritis or jaundice.	risks include peripheral neuropathy, ataxia, congenital abnormalities or sponaneous abortion in case of pregnancy, gouty arthritis or jaundice.
alan scott pardew (born, 18 july 1961 in wimbledon, london) is an english football manager who is currently deservedly unemployed after being sacked as west ham manager on 11 december 2006. as a player, he was a steady, hardworking midfielder, most notably playing for crystal palace and charlton athletic.	alan scott pardew (born, 18 july 1961 in wimbledon, london) is an english football manager who is currently unemployed after being sacked as west ham manager on 11 december 2006. as a player, he was a steady, hardworking midfielder, most notably playing for crystal palace and charlton athletic.
users can search and play videos directly from google video, as well as download video files and even remotely embed them on their webpages.	users can search and play videos directly from google video, as well as download video files and remotely embed them on their webpages.
on several occasions, westmount's brilliant wind orchestra has also been invited to play at convocation hall with bands from mcmaster and cornell universities.	on several occasions, westmount's wind orchestra has also been invited to play at convocation hall with bands from mcmaster and cornell universities.
many feel this was due to the fact that he secretly supported the attacks, a belief that was widespread among all the palestinian terrorist organizations who did not take arafat's call seriously.	many feel this was due to the fact that he secretly supported the attacks, a belief that was widespread among all the palestinian militant organizations who did not take arafat's call seriously.
seawind is a grammy-nominated jazz fusion group from hawaii, fronted by the vocals of grammy-winning singer pauline wilson.	seawind is a jazz fusion group from hawaii, fronted by the vocals of grammy-winning singer pauline wilson.
despite this faux-pas she was appointed to a post at the department of trade and industry in the cabinet reshuffle of may 2006.	despite this she was appointed to a post at the department of trade and industry in the cabinet reshuffle of may 2006.
boston globe journalist charlie savage has suggested that the appointment of office of personnel management director kay coles james, formerly dean of regent's government school, caused the sudden increase in regent alumni employed in the bush administration.	boston globe journalist charlie savage has suggested that the appointment of office of personnel management director kay coles james, formerly dean of regent's government school, caused the sharp increase in regent alumni employed in the bush administration.
a cross-platform (including gnu/ linux, os x, and microsoft windows) beta version of waste called waste 1.5 beta 4 aka wxwaste, using the wxwidgets toolkit is available.	a cross-platform (including linux, os x, and microsoft windows) beta version of waste called waste 1.5 beta 4 aka wxwaste, using the wxwidgets toolkit is available.
his study leave was spent often in the british museum library, but more often in the duke augustus library in the charming little north german town of wolfenbuettel with its magnificent collection of 16th and 17th century books.	his study leave was spent often in the british museum library, but more often in the duke augustus library in the charming little north german town of wolfenbuettel with its notable collection of 16th and 17th century books.
her novel ... and ladies of the club was published obscurely by ohio state university press in 1982. she permanently moved into a nursing home in 1983, nearly blind and weak from emphysema.	her novel ... and ladies of the club was published by ohio state university press in 1982. she permanently moved into a nursing home in 1983, nearly blind and weak from emphysema.
green line (cyprus), a cease fire line between the republic of south cyprus and the illegal turkish republic of northern cyprus	green line (cyprus), a cease fire line between the republic of south cyprus and the turkish republic of northern cyprus
last kiss was written by wayne cochran, who had based the song on a tragic car accident in barnesville, georgia near where he lived.	last kiss was written by wayne cochran, who had based the song on a car accident in barnesville, georgia near where he lived.
it supported the re- establishment of the state of israel in 1948 and continues to engage in pro-israel advocacy.	it supported the establishment of the state of israel in 1948 and continues to engage in pro-israel advocacy.
although it began as a traditional newscast, countdown with keith olbermann has gradually adopted an socialist/communist format.	although it began as a traditional newscast, countdown with keith olbermann has gradually adopted an opinion-oriented format.
jeff appeared nine times on new jersey's wfmu to play tape loops and other recordings in the fall of 2002.	mangum appeared nine times on new jersey's wfmu to play tape loops and other recordings in the fall of 2002.
the 5:2 diet, or fast diet, is a fad diet which involves severe calorie restriction for two non-consecutive days a week and normal eating the other five days, which originated and became popular in the uk, and spread in europe and to the usa.	the 5:2 diet, or fast diet, is a diet which involves severe calorie restriction for two non-consecutive days a week and normal eating the other five days, which originated and became popular in the uk, and spread in europe and to the usa.
in fact, many principles, such as the golden rule, are present in both systems, and some religious people, as well as some deists, prefer to adopt a rational approach to ethics.	in fact, many principles, such as the golden rule, are present in both systems, and some religious people, as well as some deists, prefer to adopt a secular approach to ethics.
while great effort has been made to prevent the commercialisation of the palace, a variety of commercial enterprises exist, such as souvenir shops and photography stands.	while effort has been made to prevent the commercialisation of the palace, a variety of commercial enterprises exist, such as souvenir shops and photography stands.
it does not use third party dns management software such as bind, instead relying on a homegrown implementation, with limited ipv6 support, which conforms to the dns standards set forth by the ietf.	it does not use third party dns management software such as bind, instead relying on a own implementation, with limited ipv6 support, which conforms to the dns standards set forth by the ietf.
trojan.fakealert.5 fiasco	trojan.fakealert.5 problem
frigyes karinthy (june 25, 1887 in budapest august 29, 1938 in sifok) was a hungarian humorist , playwright, poet, journalist, and translator.	frigyes karinthy (june 25, 1887 in budapest august 29, 1938 in sifok) was a hungarian author , playwright, poet, journalist, and translator.
he and other agricultural workers urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation, alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as (peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas) that were also delicious sources of protein.	he and other agricultural workers urged farmers to restore nitrogen to their soils by practicing systematic crop rotation, alternating cotton crops with plantings of sweet potatoes or legumes (such as (peanuts, soybeans and cowpeas) that were also sources of protein.
once italian workers in france had understood the benefit of unionism and french unions were willing to overcome their fear of italians as scabs , integration was open for most italian immigrants.	once italian workers in france had understood the benefit of unionism and french unions were willing to overcome their fear of italians as strikebreakers , integration was open for most italian immigrants.
two 'soners'; a talabarder (to the left) and a biniaouer (to the right).the bombard, also known as talabard or ar vombard in the breton language or bombarde in french, is a popular contemporary conical bore double reed instrument widely used to play traditional breton music.	two 'soners'; a talabarder (to the left) and a biniaouer (to the right).the bombard, also known as talabard or ar vombard in the breton language or bombarde in french, is a contemporary conical bore double reed instrument widely used to play traditional breton music.
kirill awarded fidel castro and his brother raul castro on behalf of patriarch alexy ii, in recognition of their decision to build the first russian orthodox church in havana, to serve the many russian expatriates living there.	kirill awarded fidel castro and his brother raul castro on behalf of patriarch alexy ii, in recognition of their decision to build the first russian orthodox church in havana, to serve the russian expatriates living there.
various shades of opinion cover the authenticity of the remainder, with the pastoral epistles being seen as fake by a large majority.	various shades of opinion cover the authenticity of the remainder, with the pastoral epistles being seen as being pseudonymous by a large majority.
according to a september 7, 2007 npr report, president bush reaffirmed his administration's position that a formal peace treaty with north korea was possible only when the north abandoned its nuclear weapons programs.	according to a september 7, 2007 npr report, president bush stated that it is his administration's position that a formal peace treaty with north korea was possible only when the north abandoned its nuclear weapons programs.
in the court of the crimson king (an observation by king crimson) is the influential 1969 debut album by the british progressive rock group king crimson.	in the court of the crimson king (an observation by king crimson) is the 1969 debut album by the british progressive rock group king crimson.
cheating scandals rocked the academy again in 1967, 1972, 1984, 2004 and 2007. following each of these unfortunate events, the academy thoroughly examined the etiology of the mass cheating, particularly instructor procedures that made these honor code infractions even possible, much less attractive to that many cadets.	cheating scandals rocked the academy again in 1967, 1972, 1984, 2004 and 2007. following each of these events, the academy thoroughly examined the etiology of the mass cheating, particularly instructor procedures that made these honor code infractions even possible, much less attractive to that many cadets.
in july, 2007, vatican city has become the first carbon neutral state of the world, following the politics of the pope to eliminate global warming the goal is reached thanks due to the donation of the vatican climate forest in hungary.	in july, 2007, vatican city has become the first carbon neutral state of the world, following the politics of the pope to eliminate global warming the goal is reached thanks to the donation of the vatican climate forest in hungary.
"military armament corporation never used the nomenclature mac-10 on any of its catalogs or sales literature, but because ""mac-10"" became so frequently used by title ii dealers, gun writers, and collectors, it is now used more frequently than ""m10"" to identify the gun."	"military armament corporation never used the nomenclature mac-10 on any of its catalogs or sales literature, but because ""mac-10"" became so frequently used by title ii dealers, gun writers, and collectors, it is became used more frequently than ""m10"" to identify the gun."
however, due to its more than 55% non-white population, the accent of native rochesterians is changing, sadly due to influences from african american and hispanic american migrants to the city.	however, due to its more than 55% non-white population, the accent of native rochesterians is changing, due to influences from african american and hispanic american migrants to the city.
although dr. majkowski was a prolific author and wrote on a wide range of kashubian topics, life and adventures is rightly considered his master work.	although dr. majkowski was a prolific author and wrote on a wide range of kashubian topics, life and adventures is considered his master work.
business with booming russia and china, as well as neighboring commonwealth of independent states (cis) nations have helped to propel this amazing growth.	business with booming russia and china, as well as neighboring commonwealth of independent states (cis) nations have helped to propel this growth.
the paramilitary group eta (basque homeland and freedom) is trying to achieve basque independence through violent means, including bombings and killings of politicians and police.	the terrorist group eta (basque homeland and freedom) is trying to achieve basque independence through violent means, including bombings and killings of politicians and police.
n.k.damodaran (19091996) was a famous writer and translator of kerala, india.	n.k.damodaran (19091996) was a writer and translator of kerala, india.
south park's 10th-season episode mystery of the urinal deuce is based on the widespread hysteria of loose change.	south park's 10th-season episode mystery of the urinal deuce is based on the widespread popularity of loose change.
krste petkov misirkov (18 november 1874, postol, ottoman empire 26 july 1926, sofia, kingdom of bulgaria) was a macedonian philologist, slavist, historian and ethnographer.	krste petkov misirkov (18 november 1874, postol, ottoman empire 26 july 1926, sofia, kingdom of bulgaria) was a philologist, slavist, historian and ethnographer.
mrs. cobb spent her remaining years in decatur, where she died at the age of ninety-eight a dozen years after her husband's passing .	mrs. cobb spent her remaining years in decatur, where she died at the age of ninety-eight a dozen years after her husband's death .
destroying the weimar republic: january 19321933	end of the weimar republic: january 19321933
the serbian and bulgarian prime ministers met at tsaribrod in 1912 to discuss the disputed territories in slavic macedonia.	the serbian and bulgarian prime ministers met at tsaribrod in 1912 to discuss the disputed territories in macedonia.
however, death to smoochy and duplex were unsuccessful .	however, death to smoochy and duplex were not as successful .
"placebo did a terrible cover of gainsbourg's ""the ballad of melody nelson"""	"placebo did a cover of gainsbourg's ""the ballad of melody nelson"""
"total film panned the movie, giving the dvd release only two stars and calling it a ""yawn fest""."	"total film panned the movie, giving the dvd release two stars and calling it a ""yawn fest""."
going to california is a concert performance video by the british pop group tears for fears.	going to california is a concert performance video by the british group tears for fears.
however, it was two years later before she got a call from them asking her to audition for a new pop group called s club 7. o'meara easily earned a spot in the band.	however, it was two years later before she got a call from them asking her to audition for a new pop group called s club 7. o'meara earned a spot in the band.
"the equating of ""coming out"" (whereby a transsexual person who has hidden their true gender identity while maintaining their originally assigned gender role, finally reveals their true self) with honesty or needed social activism has been countered by the explanation that, because of prejudice, sensationalism, and the triggering of unconscious personal feelings and emotions in the average person, knowledge of someone's transsexual past can prevent the average person from being able to see the transitioned person's true self."	"the equating of ""coming out"" (whereby a transsexual person who has hidden their true gender identity while maintaining their originally assigned gender role, finally reveals their true self) with honesty or social activism has been countered by the explanation that, because of prejudice, sensationalism, and the triggering of unconscious personal feelings and emotions in the average person, knowledge of someone's transsexual past can prevent the average person from being able to see the transitioned person's true self."
the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy began after complaints were made about twelve editorial cartoons which depict prophet muhammad, the seventh-century founder of islam, among other things as a terrorist with a ticking bomb on his head.	the jyllands-posten muhammad cartoons controversy began after complaints were made about twelve editorial cartoons which depict muhammad, the seventh-century founder of islam, among other things as a terrorist with a ticking bomb on his head.
following david o. mckay's death in january 1970, packer, then 45 years old, was called by newly- appointed church president joseph fielding smith as a member of the quorum of the twelve apostles at the church's april 1970 general conference.	following david o. mckay's death in january 1970, packer, then 45 years old, was called by newly- ordained church president joseph fielding smith as a member of the quorum of the twelve apostles at the church's april 1970 general conference.
the rarity of settlement names with obviously brythonic origins over most of england is taken by some as evidence of saxon settlement rather than continuity.	the rarity of settlement names with brythonic origins over most of england is taken by some as evidence of saxon settlement rather than continuity.
in addition to directing his institute, he conducts major lecture tours in india every year, delivering talks at universities, hindu conferences, and to the general public.	in addition to directing his institute, he conducts lecture tours in india every year, delivering talks at universities, hindu conferences, and to the general public.
ross dunkerton (born july 16, 1945) is arguably australia's most successful rally driver to date, originating in perth, western australia.	ross dunkerton (born july 16, 1945) is considered australia's most successful rally driver to date, originating in perth, western australia.
the young turks (tyt) is a leftist american news and commentary program on youtube, which also serves as the flagship program of the tyt network, a multi-channel network of associated web series focusing on news and current events.	the young turks (tyt) is a progressive american news and commentary program on youtube, which also serves as the flagship program of the tyt network, a multi-channel network of associated web series focusing on news and current events.
where such behaviour is excessive and inappropriate, the term is often used in respect of childrens' misbehaviour in front of peers, or negative domestic interactions.	where such behaviour is excessive and inappropriate, the term is often used in respect of childrens' behaviour in front of peers, or negative domestic interactions.
judith hill is an asian-african- american singer born in los angeles, california.	judith hill is an american singer born in los angeles, california.
they show a sustained increase in cerebral blood flow, lower haemoglobin concentration, and less susceptibility to chronic mountain sickness than other populations, obviously due their longer history of high-altitude habitation.	they show a sustained increase in cerebral blood flow, lower haemoglobin concentration, and less susceptibility to chronic mountain sickness than other populations, due their longer history of high-altitude habitation.
he further notes that while moore's detractors subject his every word to critical examination, potentially damaging counter-criticisms are accepted at face value.	he further claimed that while moore's detractors subject his every word to critical examination, potentially damaging counter-criticisms are accepted at face value.
"in the book do as i say (not as i do): profiles in liberal hypocrisy, author peter schweizer alleges that moore's private foundation has traded hundreds of shares in halliburton, the oil company targeted for criticism in fahrenheit 9/11, which may contradict moore's statement in his book ""stupid white men,"" where he wrote: ""i don't own a single share of stock."""	"in the book do as i say (not as i do): profiles in liberal hypocrisy, author peter schweizer alleges that moore's private foundation has traded hundreds of shares in halliburton, the oil company targeted for criticism in fahrenheit 9/11, which would seem to contradict moore's statement in his book ""stupid white men,"" where he wrote: ""i don't own a single share of stock."""
the liberal democrats, often shortened to lib dems, are a small liberal political party in the united kingdom.	the liberal democrats, often shortened to lib dems, are a liberal political party in the united kingdom.
abdel-majed abdel bary ( born in c.1990) is a british-egyptian failed amateur rapper from west london also known as lyricist jinn and l jinny.	abdel-majed abdel bary ( born in c.1990) is a british-egyptian amateur rapper from west london also known as lyricist jinn and l jinny.
shantaram rajaram vankudre (18 november 1901 30 october 1990) referred to as v. shantaram was a renowned indian filmmaker, film producer and actor .	shantaram rajaram vankudre (18 november 1901 30 october 1990) referred to as v. shantaram was a indian filmmaker, film producer and actor.
( interestingly , st. louis, baltimore, and tennessee would gain relocated nfl franchises in 1995, 1996, and 1997, respectively)	( incidentally , st. louis, baltimore, and tennessee would gain relocated nfl franchises in 1995, 1996, and 1997, respectively)
"it was the first #1 for weezer, but this record was later broken with ""perfect situation,"" the make believe's third single, which held the pole position for 4 weeks."	"it was the first #1 for weezer, but this record was later met with ""perfect situation,"" the make believe's third single, which held the pole position for 4 weeks."
at the equivalent show in december 2006, comedienne sandi toksvig corrupted the lyrics of a song to suggest lenska had a christmas job in debenhams.	at the equivalent show in december 2006, comedian sandi toksvig corrupted the lyrics of a song to suggest lenska had a christmas job in debenhams.
dreamcast's ostensibly superior games (vs. early ps2 games), online capabilities (the ps2 would not go online until late 2002), and significantly lower price did little to help sales once the playstation 2 was launched.	dreamcast's overall superior games (vs. early ps2 games), online capabilities (the ps2 would not go online until late 2002), and significantly lower price did little to help sales once the playstation 2 was launched.
nine days later, rayner was signed by the kansas city chiefs to replace incompetent rookie kicker justin medlock.	nine days later, rayner was signed by the kansas city chiefs to replace rookie kicker justin medlock.
in december 2005, following the cronulla race-riots and subsequent rumours that the mosque would be attacked, a mostly middle-eastern mob assembled at the premises with the aim of protecting them, amidst a heavy police presence.	in december 2005, following the cronulla race-riots and subsequent rumours that the mosque would be attacked, a mostly middle-eastern group assembled at the premises with the aim of protecting them, amidst a heavy police presence.
following the coup, turkey launched it's illegal invasion of cyprus in july 1974. the result of the invasion - which had been planned since the 1950's - was the division of cyprus with atrocities carried out by the turkish army towards civilians including rape & execution.	following the coup, turkey launched it's invasion of cyprus in july 1974. the result of the invasion - which had been planned since the 1950's - was the division of cyprus with atrocities carried out by the turkish army towards civilians including rape & execution.
independent counsels kenneth starr, and robert ray relating to the death of vince foster , whitewater scandal, and later the monica lewinsky affair, 1994-2001	independent counsels kenneth starr, and robert ray relating to the suicide of vince foster , whitewater scandal, and later the monica lewinsky affair, 1994-2001
orpheus is a legendary thracian musician, poet, and prophet in ancient greek religion and myth.	orpheus is a legendary musician, poet, and prophet in ancient greek religion and myth.
anthony watts grew up in indiana, and claims that he attended purdue university.	anthony watts grew up in indiana, and stated that he attended purdue university.
a cravat (in modern english unfairly renamed to necktie), symbol of culture and elegance, originates from the 17th century croatia.	a cravat (in modern english renamed to necktie), symbol of culture and elegance, originates from the 17th century croatia.
he was involved with several failed companies in the oil and gas industry, and he was one of the co-owners of the texas rangers baseball club from 1989 to 1998. he also served as governor of texas from 1995 to 2000.	he was involved with several companies in the oil and gas industry, and he was one of the co-owners of the texas rangers baseball club from 1989 to 1998. he also served as governor of texas from 1995 to 2000.
california is particularly fastidious in ensuring that drivers can see the current state of a traffic light.	california is particularly rigorous in ensuring that drivers can see the current state of a traffic light.
currently there are only about 360+ students.	currently there are about 360+ students.
furthermore , some critics claim that some revisions were systematic attempts to remove evidence that joseph smith fabricated the book of mormon, and other revisions were made to hide embarrassing aspects of the church's past.	however , some critics claim that some revisions were systematic attempts to remove evidence that joseph smith fabricated the book of mormon, and other revisions were made to hide embarrassing aspects of the church's past.
wikileaks has received immense praise as well as criticism.	wikileaks has received praise as well as criticism.
the conservative israeli newspaper jerusalem post reprinted by cbn.com ,has attacked press tv for publishing, on its official website, an article by holocaust denier nicholas kollerstrom.	the conservative israeli newspaper jerusalem post reprinted by cbn.com , has criticized press tv for publishing, on its official website, an article by holocaust denier nicholas kollerstrom.
in 2006 the foundation won the prestigious prince of asturias award for international cooperation	in 2006 the foundation won the prince of asturias award for international cooperation
some industry critics had speculated that due to many of its monumental technical challenges, sony could delay the release of the playstation 3 up to early 2007. fortunately , according to german website gamefront, chairman and ceo of the european brand sony entertainment, sir howard stringer has added confirmation to sonys e3 press release that the company indeed launches its next generation console in spring of 2006.	some industry critics had speculated that due to many of its monumental technical challenges, sony could delay the release of the playstation 3 up to early 2007. however , according to german website gamefront, chairman and ceo of the european brand sony entertainment, sir howard stringer has added confirmation to sonys e3 press release that the company indeed launches its next generation console in spring of 2006.
in the meantime the epistola synodica of sophronius appeared, the outcome of the synod of cyprus, and this showed that the new doctrine was inconsistent with orthodoxy.	in the meantime the epistola synodica of sophronius appeared, the outcome of the synod of cyprus, and this attempted to show that the new doctrine was inconsistent with orthodoxy.
"the term fellatio comes from the latin term fellare which means ""to suck."""	"the jargon word fellatio comes from the latin term fellare which means ""to suck."""
there are also dozens of other smaller linguistic groups, like the nilo-saharan kunama and nara languages, which are spoken as a mother tongue by the area's nilotic minorities .	there are also dozens of other smaller linguistic groups, like the nilo-saharan kunama and nara languages, which are spoken as a mother tongue by the area's nilotic communities .
a hilarious cat-and-mouse battle of wits ensues.	a cat-and-mouse battle of wits ensues.
the kosovo liberation army or kla (albanian: ushtria lirimtare e kosovs or uk) was an ethnic albanian terrorist group which fought for the secession of kosovo from yugoslavia in the late 1990s.	the kosovo liberation army or kla (albanian: ushtria lirimtare e kosovs or uk) was an ethnic albanian paramilitary group which fought for the secession of kosovo from yugoslavia in the late 1990s.
thirdly, in more humorous circles, british tabloid newspaper the sun reported that the band would be teaming up with blur-a-likes kaiser chiefs for a christmas single.	thirdly, in more humorous circles, british tabloid newspaper the sun reported that the band would be teaming up with kaiser chiefs for a christmas single.
arthritis makes it very difficult for individuals to be physically active and many sufferers become home bound.	arthritis makes it very difficult for individuals to be physically active and many become home bound.
since the mid 1970s, paranormal enthusiast rex gilroy, a self- proclaimed cryptozoologist, has attempted to popularize the yowie.	since the mid 1970s, paranormal enthusiast rex gilroy, a self- employed cryptozoologist, has attempted to popularize the yowie.
toolihalan is a small village in the shopian district in the indian occupied state of jammu and kashmir.	toolihalan is a small village in the shopian district in the indian state of jammu and kashmir.
legendary american rock band phish, active from 1983 to 2004, was one of the most successful live acts in popular music history, forging a popularity in concert far greater than their album sales, radio airplay, or music video presence would otherwise indicate.	american rock band phish, active from 1983 to 2004, was one of the most successful live acts in popular music history, forging a popularity in concert far greater than their album sales, radio airplay, or music video presence would otherwise indicate.
males had a median income of $30,463 versus $23,488 for females.	males had a median income of $30,463 , and $23,488 for females.
senior kraft executive marc firestone made the humiliating public apology to mps at a parliamentary select committee hearing.	senior kraft executive marc firestone made the public apology to mps at a parliamentary select committee hearing.
on may 14, 2012 line beauchamp announced that she would immediately resign from her position as quebec education minister and deputy premier.	on may 14, 2012 line beauchamp announced that she would resign from her position as quebec education minister and deputy premier.
with her passing in 1915, the house was inherited by her son, richard.	with her death in 1915, the house was inherited by her son, richard.
sea salt is thought by many to be a healthier alternative to table salt, since it lacks artificial chemicals used in processing.	sea salt is thought by some to be a healthier alternative to table salt, since it lacks artificial chemicals used in processing.
the pope's coldness drew from damian a vigorous letter of protest.	the pope's reaction drew from damian a vigorous letter of protest.
however, mind uploading is also advocated by a number of sober researchers in neuroscience and artificial intelligence, such as marvin minsky.	however, mind uploading is also advocated by a number of secular researchers in neuroscience and artificial intelligence, such as marvin minsky.
"among other things, the afa believes the christian bible identifies homosexuality as unnatural and sinful; this is a principle that guides the afa's opposition to the ""homosexual agenda"" and leads it to boycott various organizations."	"among other things, the afa believes the bible identifies homosexuality as unnatural and sinful; this is a principle that guides the afa's opposition to the ""homosexual agenda"" and leads it to boycott various organizations."
"as a pejorative term, ""eco-terrorism"" has also been used inaccurately to describe legally-protected forms of nonviolent protest by environmentalists, which is generally seen as an attempt to associate this activity with other more contentious acts that can legitimately be labeled as eco-terrorism."	"as a pejorative term, ""eco-terrorism"" has also been used to describe legally-protected forms of nonviolent protest by environmentalists, which is generally seen as an attempt to associate this activity with other more contentious acts that can legitimately be labeled as eco-terrorism."
according to maharishi, if just the square root of one percent of the population regularly practices the tm-sidhi program together, the entire population will experience greater coherence - including reduction in violence, crime, disease, deadly storms, and other destructive natural forces.	according to maharishi, if the square root of one percent of the population regularly practices the tm-sidhi program together, the entire population will experience greater coherence - including reduction in violence, crime, disease, deadly storms, and other destructive natural forces.
while auburn had finished ranked in the top-15 in four consecutive seasons starting with the 2004 undefeated season, the poor 5-7 showing in 2008 forced coach tuberville to resign.	while auburn had finished ranked in the top-15 in four consecutive seasons starting with the 2004 undefeated season, the poor 5-7 showing in 2008 caused coach tuberville to resign.
after these various subsequent changes, the franchises have been reduced in number to just 16. their current status is listed in the table below, with their current toc, the 2014/5 figure for their annual subsidy or premium (with subsidies expressed as a positive pence per passenger kilometre figure), as well as the dates of their expected renegotiation, and the expected date of start of that next contract period.	after these various subsequent changes, the franchises have been reduced in number to 16. their current status is listed in the table below, with their current toc, the 2014/5 figure for their annual subsidy or premium (with subsidies expressed as a positive pence per passenger kilometre figure), as well as the dates of their expected renegotiation, and the expected date of start of that next contract period.
b'nai abraham in east flatbush, a synagogue where rabbi teitelbaum served as president until his passing in 2005.	b'nai abraham in east flatbush, a synagogue where rabbi teitelbaum served as president until his death in 2005.
when they did converge peacefully, it was usually under the protection of cult practices.	when they did converge peacefully, it was usually under the protection of religious practices.
simultaneously the music shows patriotism for england in the subtlest form, engendered by a feeling for ancient landscapes and a person's small yet not entirely insignificant place within them.	simultaneously the music shows patriotism toward england in the subtlest form, engendered by a feeling for ancient landscapes and a person's small yet not entirely insignificant place within them.
however, it is important to note that gamespot only rated the campaign mode of the game, neglecting the multi-player aspect.	however, it is important to note that gamespot only rated the campaign mode of the game, and did not review the multi-player aspect.
on her passing in 1898, she was interred in roskilde cathedral near copenhagen.	on her death in 1898, she was interred in roskilde cathedral near copenhagen.
carleton issued a vitriolic report to the united states congress, blaming local and senior church leaders for the massacre.	carleton issued a deeply critical report to the united states congress, blaming local and senior church leaders for the massacre.
it is characterised by touristy high-rises, expensive waterfront developments, casino, theme parks, amusement parks and numerous kitschy tourist attractions.	it is characterised by touristy high-rises, expensive waterfront developments, casino, theme parks, amusement parks and numerous tourist attractions.
exfat (extended file allocation table, also sometimes referred to as fat64) is a proprietary, patent-pending file system suited especially for usb flash drives.	exfat (extended file allocation table, also sometimes referred to as fat64) is a proprietary, patent-pending file system designed especially for usb flash drives.
plans put forward in early 2006 by the national assembly for wales have led to a highly subsidised weekday air service between the airport and cardiff international airport, 12 miles west of the welsh capital in the hope of improving the econonomy of anglesey and north wales in general.	plans put forward in early 2006 by the national assembly for wales have led to a subsidised weekday air service between the airport and cardiff international airport, 12 miles west of the welsh capital in the hope of improving the econonomy of anglesey and north wales in general.
in north america, the company sells premium coffee and teas directly to consumers via home delivery.	in north america, the company sells coffee and teas directly to consumers via home delivery.
he is the father of the prominent internet troll , tristan barker.	he is the father of the prominent internet figure , tristan barker.
des drummond - rugby league legend	des drummond - rugby league player
the surrender language in the gospel became not the only issue.	using surrender language in the gospel became not the only issue.
longevity runs in cronkite's family: his mother died in 1993 at the astonishing age of 101. cronkite was 77 at the time of his mothers death.	longevity runs in cronkite's family: his mother died in 1993 at the age of 101. cronkite was 77 at the time of his mothers death.
the genesis creation narrative, found in the first two chapters of the book of genesis in the bible, is one of several ancient mesopotamian creation myths, differing from the others in its monotheistic outlook.	the genesis creation narrative, found in the first two chapters of the book of genesis in the bible, is one of several ancient mesopotamian creation accounts s, differing from the others in its monotheistic outlook.
major major major major is a fictional character in joseph heller's classic novel catch-22.	major major major major is a fictional character in joseph heller's novel catch-22.
a common complaint, however, is that the dewey decimal system is a proprietary system which use could be more expensive than other systems such as the non-proprietary classification system developed by the u.s. library of congress, whether the librarians can use the system correctly and consistently, whether a particular system is adequate to support the needs of library patrons, and whether it is effective in allowing them to find the books and other materials which they are looking for.	a complaint, however, is that the dewey decimal system is a proprietary system which use could be more expensive than other systems such as the non-proprietary classification system developed by the u.s. library of congress, whether the librarians can use the system correctly and consistently, whether a particular system is adequate to support the needs of library patrons, and whether it is effective in allowing them to find the books and other materials which they are looking for.
the ntc has requested pldt to agree to ip peer with globe, but pldt denied it, alleging that internet service levels could suffer because the ntc memo circular does not provide for rigorous and robust arrangements for ip peering.	the ntc has requested pldt to agree to ip peer with globe, but pldt denied it, allegedly on the grounds that internet service levels could suffer because the ntc memo circular does not provide for rigorous and robust arrangements for ip peering.
the property is appraised by the santa clara county assessor at only $50 million.	the property is appraised by the santa clara county assessor at $50 million.
although his family was not a particularly religious one, gerstein received sound religious training in school.	although his family was not a particularly religious one, gerstein received christian religious training in school.
"for example, on some other planet where the inhabitants take ""water"" to mean watery stuff, but where the chemical make-up of watery stuff is not h2o, it is not the case that water is h2o for that world."	"for example, on some other world where the inhabitants take ""water"" to mean watery stuff, but where the chemical make-up of watery stuff is not h2o, it is not the case that water is h2o for that world."
relegation to the second division in 1974 was the low point but macari blossomed as a midfielder in the following seasons under tommy docherty, as united began to win back a large following with superb attacking football in which macari enjoyed popularity alongside players such as gordon hill, steve coppell and the greenhoff brothers.	relegation to the second division in 1974 was the low point but macari blossomed as a midfielder in the following seasons under tommy docherty, as united began to win back a large following with attacking football in which macari enjoyed popularity alongside players such as gordon hill, steve coppell and the greenhoff brothers.
on 11 august 2017, us president donald trump said that he is not going to rule out a military option to confront the autocratic government of nicols maduro and the deepening crisis in venezuela.	on 11 august 2017, us president donald trump said that he is not going to rule out a military option to confront the government of nicols maduro and the deepening crisis in venezuela.
his supporters claim he represents the silent majority of american citizens who support zealous enforcement of current u.s immigration laws.	his supporters claim he represents the silent majority of american citizens who support strict enforcement of current u.s immigration laws.
apart from the elimination of italy and france, spain and germany both suffered shock defeats before eventually winning their groups, while england played two widely-criticized draws before narrowly qualifying for the knockout stage.	apart from the elimination of italy and france, spain and germany both suffered defeats before eventually winning their groups, while england played two widely-criticized draws before narrowly qualifying for the knockout stage.
caroline aparecida trentini (born july 6 1987) is a brazilian supermodel .	caroline aparecida trentini (born july 6 1987) is a brazilian model .
1997 also marked the year that carey became a major songwriter and producer for other artists, contributing to the debut albums of allure, 7 mile and blaque.	1997 also marked the year that carey became a songwriter and producer for other artists, contributing to the debut albums of allure, 7 mile and blaque.
there were other cases from may 1940 where sousa mendes disobeyed circular 14. examples include the ertag, flaksbaum and landesman families, all granted visas on may 29, 1940 despite having been explicitly rejected in a telegram from the portuguese dictator salazar to sousa mendes.	there were other cases from may 1940 where sousa mendes disobeyed circular 14. examples include the ertag, flaksbaum and landesman families, all granted visas on may 29, 1940 despite having been rejected in a telegram from the portuguese dictator salazar to sousa mendes.
dogs are less likely than humans to have tooth decay due to the very low ph of dog saliva, which prevents an acidic environment from forming and the subsequent demineralization of enamel which would occur .	dogs are less likely than humans to have tooth decay due to the very high ph of dog saliva, which prevents an acidic environment from forming and the subsequent demineralization of enamel which would occur .
ingrid oliver (born 26 november 1977) is a british actress and comedienne , and one half of comic double act watson & oliver.	ingrid oliver (born 26 november 1977) is a british actress and comedian , and one half of comic double act watson & oliver.
natasha leggero, comedienne , actress	natasha leggero, comedian , actress
it brings together the best free software and free metal music on one cd.	it claims to bring together the best free software and free metal music on one cd.
arbitrary patterns show up as a beautiful symmetrical pattern created by the reflections.	arbitrary patterns show up as a symmetrical pattern created by the reflections.
however, his experience in the u.s. left him influenced greatly by american jazz, making him a different person than the man grappelli had known.	however, his experience in the u.s. left him influenced greatly by american jazz, making him a different player than the man grappelli had known.
however, some cable providers do not carry versus and thus, many viewers were unable to see the game's end which resulted in an ottawa victory and their first ever trip to the stanley cup finals.	however, some cable providers do not carry versus and thus, some viewers were unable to see the game's end which resulted in an ottawa victory and their first ever trip to the stanley cup finals.
super smash bros. brawl, a major fighting game for the wii.	super smash bros. brawl, a fighting game for the wii.
manchester united football club are an english football club, based at the old trafford stadium in trafford, greater manchester, and are one of the most popular sports clubs in the world, with over 50 million supporters worldwide.	manchester united football club are a world-famous english football club, based at the old trafford stadium in trafford, greater manchester, and are one of the most popular sports clubs in the world, with over 50 million supporters worldwide.
in 1984, he painted wall murals in melbourne (such as the 1984 'detail-mural at collingwood college, victoria' that is unfortunately due for demolition), sydney, rio de janeiro, paris (museum of modern art), minneapolis and manhattan.	in 1984, he painted wall murals in melbourne (such as the 1984 'detail-mural at collingwood college, victoria' that is due for demolition), sydney, rio de janeiro, paris (museum of modern art), minneapolis and manhattan.
dragon ball was made into an animated television series which was enormously successful.	dragon ball was made into an animated television series which was quite successful.
interestingly the us communist party was outlawed in 1954, the very same year wallace buford and james mcgovern jr. became the first american casualties in vietnam.	the us communist party was outlawed in 1954, the very same year wallace buford and james mcgovern jr. became the first american casualties in vietnam.
damsels in distress are an example of differential treatment of genders in literature, film, and works of art.	damsels in distress have been cited as an example of differential treatment of genders in literature, film, and works of art.
"hot doug's: the book, a midway nonfiction title by doug sohn, the owner and proprietor of the famed chicago ""encased meat emporium,"" was named one of the ""best books of 2013 (so far)"" by the a.v."	"hot doug's: the book, a midway nonfiction title by doug sohn, the owner and proprietor of the eponymous chicago ""encased meat emporium,"" was named one of the ""best books of 2013 (so far)"" by the a.v."
michaels was the subject of a highly critical october 2010 op-ed piece in the los angeles times.	michaels was the subject of a critical october 2010 op-ed piece in the los angeles times.
this film is based on the actual events surrounding savage's efforts to aid the willie handcart company in their journey to salt lake city in 1856, emphasizing the purported miracles he and fellow travelers reported during the trek.	this film is based on the actual events surrounding savage's efforts to aid the willie handcart company in their journey to salt lake city in 1856, emphasizing the miracles he and fellow travelers reported during the trek.
catholicism is by far the largest religious sect in italy.	catholicism is by far the largest religious group in italy.
"ibrahim hooper, spokesman for the council of american islamic relations, an islamic apologist/propagandist group with founding ties to hamas and several leading members of which have been convicted on terror-related charges called little green footballs ""a vicious, anti-muslim hate site"" and claimed the fbi has ""investigated several threats of physical harm against muslims posted by little green footballs readers""."	"ibrahim hooper, spokesman for the council of american islamic relations, an islamic special interest group with founding ties to hamas and several leading members of which have been convicted on terror-related charges called little green footballs ""a vicious, anti-muslim hate site"" and claimed the fbi has ""investigated several threats of physical harm against muslims posted by little green footballs readers""."
joyce fitch was a famous tennis player from australia who reached the women's singles final of the 1946 australian championships, losing to nancye wynne bolton 6-4, 6-4. she teamed with mary bevis hawton to win the women's doubles title at the 1946 australian championships, defeating bolton and thelma coyne long in the final 9-7, 6-4. fitch and hawton reached the women's doubles final at the 1947 and 1951 australian championships, losing both years to the bolton-long team.	joyce fitch was a tennis player from australia who reached the women's singles final of the 1946 australian championships, losing to nancye wynne bolton 6-4, 6-4. she teamed with mary bevis hawton to win the women's doubles title at the 1946 australian championships, defeating bolton and thelma coyne long in the final 9-7, 6-4. fitch and hawton reached the women's doubles final at the 1947 and 1951 australian championships, losing both years to the bolton-long team.
because manga is a diverse art form, however, not all manga artists adhere to the conventions most popularized in the states through anime such as akira, sailor moon, dragon ball z, and ranma .	because manga is a diverse art form, however, not all manga artists adhere to the conventions most popularized in the west through anime such as akira, sailor moon, dragon ball z, and ranma .
"the return envelopes were addressed to an ""absentee ballot application processing center"" with the post office box number of wisconsin family action, a pro-family group, rather than to the clerk's office."	"the return envelopes were addressed to an ""absentee ballot application processing center"" with the post office box number of wisconsin family action, a socially conservative group, rather than to the clerk's office."
as such, they reject any scientific statement that gives the earth an age of greater than about 6,000 years.	as such, they reject any statement that gives the earth an age of greater than about 6,000 years.
mcfarlane's iconic spider-man #1 cover.	mcfarlane's spider-man #1 cover.
"riemer uses interesting methods such as the ""merriwhether technique"" and demonstrating good costal muscle usage to coach his students on importance of tonal resonace and proper breathing."	"riemer uses methods such as the ""merriwhether technique"" and demonstrating good costal muscle usage to coach his students on importance of tonal resonace and proper breathing."
every sunday morning the jetty markets are held in anzac place, immediately north of the iconic redcliffe jetty.	every sunday morning the jetty markets are held in anzac place, immediately north of the redcliffe jetty.
however, there is also a significant majority of evangelical teachers who agree with mr. warren.	however, there is also a significant percentage of evangelical teachers who agree with mr. warren.
while the popes john paul i, john paul ii (who also completely abandoned the use of the sedia gestatoria, a portable throne) and benedict xvi opted for an inauguration instead of an old-fashioned coronation, any future pope can, in theory, opt for the coronation ritual.	while the popes john paul i, john paul ii (who also completely abandoned the use of the sedia gestatoria, a portable throne) and benedict xvi opted for an inauguration instead of an coronation, any future pope can, in theory, opt for the coronation ritual.
lufthansa flight 181: a 1977 hijacking during which the west german government famously did not comply with the demand of having terrorists released.	lufthansa flight 181: a 1977 hijacking during which the west german government did not comply with the demand of having terrorists released.
many end users, particularly those mainly using it for emailing, have complained that aspects of the graphical user interface are unintuitive.	some end users, particularly those mainly using it for emailing, have complained that aspects of the graphical user interface are unintuitive.
highbury will be converted to luxury apartments as both the east and west stands will be retro-fitted and the newer north and south (clock) ends will be razed to build apartments from the ground up, while the fabled pitch will become a garden.	highbury will be converted to luxury apartments as both the east and west stands will be retro-fitted and the newer north and south (clock) ends will be razed to build apartments from the ground up, while the pitch will become a garden.
the republic of china is a country in east asia.	the republic of china is a state in east asia.
he pondered education, marriage, religion, government, health care, and class privilege and found them all defective, but his ire was most aroused by the heartless exploitation of the working class which pervaded the victorian era; eradicating that abuse was his prime objective.	he pondered education, marriage, religion, government, health care, and class privilege and found them all defective, but his ire was most aroused by the heartless exploitation of the working class whose awareness pervaded the victorian era; eradicating that abuse was his prime objective.
born in new zealand, bennett's mother was an australian bikini model, his father a gorgeous new zealand singer.	born in new zealand, bennett's mother was an australian bikini model, his father a famous new zealand singer.
instead, it has been suggested that they form dual dwarf planets, following the highly-disputed re-classification of pluto.	instead, it has been suggested that they form dual dwarf planets, following the re-classification of pluto.
another way was to promote unsuccessful captains to the rank of admiral without distinction of squadron (a practice known as yellowing – the unfortunate captain so raised became known as a yellow admiral).	another way was to promote unsuccessful captains to the rank of admiral without distinction of squadron (a practice known as yellowing – the captain so raised became known as a yellow admiral).
jordan also has a strange link with the leading german drivers of the era, with michael schumacher, ralf schumacher, heinz-harald frentzen and nick heidfeld all driving for the team.	jordan also has a link with the leading german drivers of the era, with michael schumacher, ralf schumacher, heinz-harald frentzen and nick heidfeld all driving for the team.
mountain pointe high school is an excelling secondary school located in phoenix, arizona.	mountain pointe high school is an secondary school located in phoenix, arizona.
coslett had 15 seasons at st helens up till 1976. he was a brilliant goal-kicker landing 1,639 career goals and scoring 45 tries for the club.	coslett had 15 seasons at st helens up till 1976. he was a prolific goal-kicker landing 1,639 career goals and scoring 45 tries for the club.
the rajarajeswara temple is a beautiful shiva temple located at taliparamba in the kannur district of kerala, south india.	the rajarajeswara temple is a shiva temple located at taliparamba in the kannur district of kerala, south india.
he soon acquired both a following and the hatred of his pagan neighbors.	he soon acquired both a following and the hatred of his neighbors.
leadership is personal-charismatic-and for special purposes only in tribal society; there are no political offices containing real power, and a chief is merely a man of influence, a sort of adviser; therefore, tribal consolidation for collective action are not governmental.	leadership is personal-charismatic-and for special purposes only in tribal society; there are no political offices containing real power, and a chief is merely a person of influence, a sort of adviser; therefore, tribal consolidation for collective action are not governmental.
at the 2012 masters tournament, the public was reminded that some traditions at augusta national golf club (angc) still hold true to form as payne sideswiped reporters' incessant questions about any prospect of allowing a female (specifically ibm ceo virginia rometty) to join angc.	at the 2012 masters tournament, the public was reminded that some traditions at augusta national golf club (angc) still hold true to form as payne sideswiped reporters' questions about any prospect of allowing a female (specifically ibm ceo virginia rometty) to join angc.
the claim has been satirised extensively , most notably by dan savage in his valentine's day savage love column, and by the satirical singer-songwriter roy zimmerman, who wrote a song about the statement.	the claim has been satirised, most notably by dan savage in his valentine's day savage love column, and by the satirical singer-songwriter roy zimmerman, who wrote a song about the statement.
kettering is also remembered through the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center, a premier cancer research and treatment center in new york city, and through the kettering health network, which includes several hospitals and medical center campuses as well as the kettering college of medical arts in kettering, ohio.	kettering is also remembered through the memorial sloan-kettering cancer center, a cancer research and treatment center in new york city, and through the kettering health network, which includes several hospitals and medical center campuses as well as the kettering college of medical arts in kettering, ohio.
uco is well known for its excellent broadcasting program.	uco is well known for its broadcasting program.
shanahan is widely regarded as an expert in the field of independent music promotion, speaking for groups including depaul university, columbia college, city of chicago's department of cultural affairs , mobfest , south by southwest, cic and canadian music week .	shanahan is regarded as an expert in the field of independent music promotion, speaking for groups including depaul university, columbia college, city of chicago's department of cultural affairs , mobfest , south by southwest, cic and canadian music week .
disgraced chinese politburo member bo xilai is expelled from the communist party of china.	former chinese politburo member bo xilai is expelled from the communist party of china.
all the catholic churces in the republican zone were closed, but the desecration was not limited to catholic churches, as syagogues were also pillaged and closed, but some small protestant churches were spared.	all the catholic churces in the republican zone were closed, but the attacks was not limited to catholic churches, as syagogues were also pillaged and closed, but some small protestant churches were spared.
one of the first tenants of epic was televirtual, a company formed out of broadsword productions which made anglia's legendary children's show knightmare.	one of the first tenants of epic was televirtual, a company formed out of broadsword productions which made anglia's popular children's show knightmare.
kim then starts selling pirate dvds.	kim then starts selling unlicensed dvds.
oluchi onweagba (born august 1 1980) is a nigerian supermodel .	oluchi onweagba (born august 1 1980) is a nigerian model .
revisionist hypotheses	afrocentric hypotheses
its companion is the front yer, now known as the soft sign in russian and as er malk in bulgaria , which was originally also a reduced vowel, more frontal than the , and which is today used to mark the palatalization of consonants in all of the slavic languages written in the cyrillic alphabet, except for serbo-croatian and macedonian, where it is not used although its traces can be seen in the letters and .	its companion is the front yer, now known as the soft sign in russian and as er malk in bulgaria , which was originally also a reduced vowel, more frontal than the , and which is today used to mark the palatalization of consonants in all of the slavic languages written in the cyrillic alphabet, except for serbian and macedonian, where it is not used although its traces can be seen in the letters and .
los angeles press club is a journalism organization founded in 1913. it honors journalists through its annual national arts and entertainment journalism awards and socal journalism awards.	los angeles press club is an american journalism organization founded in 1913. it honors journalists through its annual national arts and entertainment journalism awards and socal journalism awards.
"in 2005, ben folds released a cover version of ""bitches ain't shit"", featuring his piano rock stylings and soft vocals, which subverts the listener's expectations and highlights the lyrics, making a poignant song simultaneously a parody ."	"in 2005, ben folds released a cover version of ""bitches ain't shit"", featuring his piano rock stylings and soft vocals, which subverts the listener's expectations and highlights the lyrics, making a poignant song from what could be misconstrued as a parody."
tai easily killed an indie and mortally wounded another, giving comfort to the dying soldier but using his body as a meat shield after his passing .	tai easily killed an indie and mortally wounded another, giving comfort to the dying soldier but using his body as a meat shield after his death .
boris viktorovich savinkov (russian: ; 19 january 1879  7 may 1925) was a russian writer and revolutionary terrorist .	boris viktorovich savinkov (russian: ; 19 january 1879  7 may 1925) was a russian writer and revolutionary.
immediately after, however, he was unnecessarily involved in a controversy in which he was accused of plagiarism and scientific misconduct through two editorial pieces published simultaneously in the times of india.	immediately after, however, he was involved in a controversy in which he was accused of plagiarism and scientific misconduct through two editorial pieces published simultaneously in the times of india.
"important non -english terms for air defence include german flak (from the german flugzeugabwehrkanone, aircraft defence cannon; also cited as flugabwehrkanone) and the russian term protivovozdushnaya oborona (cyrillic: ), a literal translation of ""anti-air defence"", abbreviated as pvo."	"non -english terms for air defence include german flak (from the german flugzeugabwehrkanone, aircraft defence cannon; also cited as flugabwehrkanone) and the russian term protivovozdushnaya oborona (cyrillic: ), a literal translation of ""anti-air defence"", abbreviated as pvo."
blessed pope pius ix changed its name in 1848 becoming the apostolic vicariate of the hawaiian islands.	pope pius ix changed its name in 1848 becoming the apostolic vicariate of the hawaiian islands.
"ancient hebrew myths describe the ""children of israel"" as descendants of common ancestors, including abraham, his son isaac, and isaac's son jacob, religious literature suggests that the nomadic travels of the hebrews centered around hebron in the first centuries of the second millenium bce, apparently leading to the establishment of the cave of the patriarchs as their burial site in hebron."	"ancient hebrew writings describe the ""children of israel"" as descendants of common ancestors, including abraham, his son isaac, and isaac's son jacob, religious literature suggests that the nomadic travels of the hebrews centered around hebron in the first centuries of the second millenium bce, apparently leading to the establishment of the cave of the patriarchs as their burial site in hebron."
this story does not jibe with an earwitness acount at the coroner's inquest, which noted a relatively short time between the first and last shots of the cruz murder .	this story does not jibe with an earwitness acount at the coroner's inquest, which noted a relatively short time between the first and last shots of the cruz homicide .
the writer anne rice has produced a number of examples of well-written sado-masochistic fiction, including exit to eden and belinda as well as the claiming of sleeping beauty and its sequels,	the writer anne rice has produced a number of examples of sado-masochistic fiction, including exit to eden and belinda as well as the claiming of sleeping beauty and its sequels,
he left his first wife naureen, with whom he had two sons, asad and ayaz, after 7 years of marriage.	he divorced his first wife naureen, with whom he had two sons, asad and ayaz, after 7 years of marriage.
the duke of kent was tragically killed on 25 august 1942, in an aeroplane crash at eagles rock, near dunbeath, caithness, scotland, while on active service with the royal air force.	the duke of kent was killed on 25 august 1942, in an aeroplane crash at eagles rock, near dunbeath, caithness, scotland, while on active service with the royal air force.
the organisation has worked closely with former detainees held by the united states and campaigns on behalf of current detainees, including some who are convicted terrorists.	the organisation has worked closely with former detainees held by the united states and campaigns on behalf of current detainees, including some who are alleged terrorists.
"the use of the term ""slovenia"" is considered too anachronistic due to its modern origin."	"the use of the term ""slovenia"" is considered by some to be anachronistic due to its modern origin."
"kenwyn (cornish: ""splendid chief"") is a civil parish and village in the carrick district of cornwall, england ."	"kenwyn (cornish: ""splendid chief"") is a civil parish and village in the carrick district of cornwall, in the united kingdom ."
it is named after a baby discovered outside of an abortion clinic in texas.	it is named after a fetus discovered outside of an abortion clinic in texas.
the ability to set clearly defined goals and outcomes	the ability to set well- defined goals and outcomes
blackbox 0.7 xsession running on debian 7 gnu/ linux	blackbox 0.7 xsession running on debian 7 linux
it is mainly the experience of doubt about the so-called truths of religion by believers and non-believers alike that led to the development of science in order to provide more acceptable explanations of natural phenomena.	it is mainly the experience of doubt about the so-called truths of religion by believers and non-believers alike that led to the development of science in order to provide more logical, less faith-based explanations of natural phenomena.
italy became also a seat of great formal learning in 1088 with the establishment of the university of bologna, the first university in europe .	italy became also a seat of great formal learning in 1088 with the establishment of the university of bologna, the first university in western world .
the player will not be able to fly aeroplanes , unlike in some previous instalments of the grand theft auto series.	the player will not be able to fly planes , unlike in some previous instalments of the grand theft auto series.
influential old testament and pentateuch scholar gordon wenham appears to support the framework interpretation in his commentary on genesis.	old testament and pentateuch scholar gordon wenham appears to support the framework interpretation in his commentary on genesis.
because parkour philosophy is about learning to control oneself in interaction with the environment, leading parkour experts tend to view physical injury as a deviation from true parkour.	because parkour philosophy is about learning to control oneself in interaction with the environment, many parkour experts tend to view physical injury as a deviation from true parkour.
during his tenure he publicly defended the dominicans against attacks by the secular and regular faculty of the university of paris, commented on st john, and answered the errors of the arabian philosopher averroes.	during his tenure he publicly defended the dominicans against attacks by the secular and regular faculty of the university of paris, commented on st john, and answered what he perceived as errors of the arabian philosopher averroes.
"the film also includes fine performances by leslie phillips, michael horden as the governor of gibraltar, ""rusty"" eastwood, marius goring as karl nielson and barbara hicks as logan's formidable but highly competent secretary, hester baring."	"the film also includes well-received performances by leslie phillips, michael horden as the governor of gibraltar, ""rusty"" eastwood, marius goring as karl nielson and barbara hicks as logan's formidable but highly competent secretary, hester baring."
rose windmill atrophaneura latreillei is a beautiful butterfly found in india that belongs to the windmills group of atrophaneura, comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.	rose windmill atrophaneura latreillei is a butterfly found in india that belongs to the windmills group of atrophaneura, comprising tailed black swallowtail butterflies with white spots and red submarginal crescents.
classical philology is historically originating principally from the library of pergamum and the library of alexandria around the 4th century bce, continued by greeks and romans throughout the roman and byzantine empires, preserved and promoted during the islamic golden age and eventually taken up by european scholars of the renaissance, where it was soon joined by philologies of other languages both european (germanic, celtic, slavistics, etc.)	classical philology is historically originating principally from the library of pergamum and the library of alexandria around the 4th century bce, continued by greeks and romans throughout the roman and byzantine empires, preserved and promoted during the islamic golden age and eventually taken up by italian scholars of the renaissance, where it was soon joined by philologies of other languages both european (germanic, celtic, slavistics, etc.)
the kestros (also known as the kestrosphendone, cestrus or cestrosphendone) is an intriguing sling weapon mentioned by livy and polybius.	the kestros (also known as the kestrosphendone, cestrus or cestrosphendone) is an sling weapon mentioned by livy and polybius.
jdrf is a major charitable 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to funding type 1 diabetes research (t1d).	jdrf is a charitable 501(c)(3) organization dedicated to funding type 1 diabetes research (t1d).
if democrats had any brains, they'd be republicans is a book by controversial american conservative columnist and political commentator ann coulter .	if democrats had any brains, they'd be republicans is a book by american conservative columnist and political commentator ann coulter .
names of shops and other features include some entertaining puns, such as lee key plumbers' merchants, sam and ella's butchers and the mark owney wireless and gramophone stores.	names of shops and other features include some puns, such as lee key plumbers' merchants, sam and ella's butchers and the mark owney wireless and gramophone stores.
2009 – gaza war: hamas announces they will accept israel defense forces offer of a ceasefire, ending the assault .	2009 – gaza war: hamas announces they will accept israel defense forces offer of a ceasefire, ending the conflict .
the black mountains are a part of the great appalachian mountain range.	the black mountains are a part of the appalachian mountain range.
while xenogears has never had an official sequel or prequel, some mistake a game developed by monolith soft and released by namco called xenosaga on the playstation 2, to be a prequel.	while xenogears has never had an official sequel or prequel, some consider a game developed by monolith soft and released by namco called xenosaga on the playstation 2, to be a prequel.
this merger created a mainline christian juggernaut which made remaining holiness elements within u.s. methodism less influential.	this merger created a mainline christian organization which made remaining holiness elements within u.s. methodism less influential.
puri (also spelled poori) is an unleavened deep-fried indian bread, commonly consumed on the indian subcontinent.	puri (also spelled poori) is an unleavened deep-fried bread, commonly consumed on the indian subcontinent.
trump and his economic advisers have pledged to radically decrease federal spending in order to reduce the country's abysmal budget deficit.	trump and his economic advisers have pledged to radically decrease federal spending in order to reduce the country's budget deficit.
this extra neutral spirit containing an alcohol percent of 96% or higher is first reduced to 42.8% using demineralized water, whereupon flavors and special spirits are added.	this neutral spirit containing an alcohol percent of 96% or higher is first reduced to 42.8% using demineralized water, whereupon flavors and special spirits are added.
rachel meghan markle (born august 4, 1981) is an american actress and humanitarian who is set to become a member of the british royal family upon marriage to prince harry in may 2018.	rachel meghan markle (born august 4, 1981) is an american actor and humanitarian who is set to become a member of the british royal family upon marriage to prince harry in may 2018.
the serbians changed to support the regents and struck a disgraceful bargain with the turks, giving orhan, bey of bursa, his daughter for his harem and permitting him to take greek christians as slaves.	the serbians changed to support the regents and struck a bargain with the turks, giving orhan, bey of bursa, his daughter for his harem and permitting him to take greek christians as slaves.
paula has since married nelson skip riddle, son of the legendary bandleader and arranger nelson riddle.	paula has since married nelson skip riddle, son of the bandleader and arranger nelson riddle.
on march 1, however, a guise-led faction attacked a huguenot service at wassy-sur-blaise in champagne massacring the innocent worshippers there.	on march 1, however, a guise-led faction attacked a huguenot service at wassy-sur-blaise in champagne massacring the worshippers there.
"the other version has the statement: ""i leave with you qur'an and ahl al-bayt"" (the family of prophet )."	"the other version has the statement: ""i leave with you qur'an and ahl al-bayt"" (the family of muhammad )."
in 1988, due to poor conditions, two fans were tragically killed after being crushed to death during guns n' roses set.	in 1988, due to poor conditions, two fans were killed after being crushed to death during guns n' roses set.
a notorious feature of this species is that it has a very small genome, which is used as a reference for identifying genes and other elements in human and other vertebrate genomes.	a feature of this species is that it has a very small genome, which is used as a reference for identifying genes and other elements in human and other vertebrate genomes.
about 2 people gathered on lake street in south minneapolis to protest recent bombing attacks in syria ordered by republican president donald trump.	about 2 protesters gathered on lake street in south minneapolis to protest recent bombing attacks in syria ordered by republican president donald trump.
the phrase was mischaracterized by his political opponents during the 2012 presidential campaign, as an attack on entrepreneurs and the free market.	the phrase was publicized by his political opponents during the 2012 presidential campaign, as an attack on entrepreneurs and the free market.
shiing-shen chern mathematician and winner of the prestigious wolf prize for his work in differential geometry.	shiing-shen chern mathematician and winner of the wolf prize for his work in differential geometry.
blondell was a staunch republican .	blondell was a republican .
"a number of other political commentators have similarly analyzed the ""churchill affair"" in terms of a ""witch hunt""; for example, gilles d'aymery,"	"a number of other political commentators have analyzed the ""churchill affair"" in terms of a ""witch hunt""; for example, gilles d'aymery,"
the neutron is a subatomic particle with a net neutral charge electric charge and a mass slightly larger than that of a proton.	the neutron is a subatomic particle with a net neutral electric charge and a mass slightly larger than that of a proton.
27 may janet brown (born 1923), actress, comedienne and impressionist	27 may janet brown (born 1923), actress, comedian and impressionist
whitney cummings (born september 4, 1982) is an american comedienne and actress.	whitney cummings (born september 4, 1982) is an american comedian and actress.
"the city's self-styled nickname is ""shangri-la"" referencing the natural beauty of this health-and-spirituality-focused region."	"the city's self-styled nickname is ""shangri-la"" referencing the natural environment of this health-and-spirituality-focused region."
the neutral contact , along with a live contact, completes the circuit between the power source and equipment.	the neutral , along with a live contact, completes the circuit between the power source and equipment.
he became interested in the white nationalist movement at an early age and joined the klan in 1967. duke went on to study at louisiana state university and in 1970 formed a racist white campus-group known as the white youth alliance.	he became interested in the white nationalist movement at an early age and joined the klan in 1967. duke went on to study at louisiana state university and in 1970 formed a white campus-group known as the white youth alliance.
operation defensive shield was a large-scale military operation conducted by the israel defense forces in april 2002 after a series of militant attacks launched against israel.	operation defensive shield was a large-scale military operation conducted by the israel defense forces in april 2002 after a series of terrorist attacks launched against israel.
this fearful period of viking expansion is commonly referred to as the viking age of scandinavian history.	this period of viking expansion is commonly referred to as the viking age of scandinavian history.
the work of cavalli-sforza has often been used by racists as support for the idea that races are objectively verifiable.	the work of cavalli-sforza has often been used by numerous scientists as support for the idea that races are objectively verifiable.
this caused a brief military conflict between moldovan nationalist and transnistrian secessionist forces in 1992. russian military stationed in the region (14th army) intervened on the transnistrian side and remained on moldovan territory east of the dniester after the end of the military conflict, despite signing international obligations to withdraw, and against the will of moldovan government.	this caused a brief military conflict between moldovan and transnistrian secessionist forces in 1992. russian military stationed in the region (14th army) intervened on the transnistrian side and remained on moldovan territory east of the dniester after the end of the military conflict, despite signing international obligations to withdraw, and against the will of moldovan government.
in a classic failure to predict the direction of computing, adobe released a complete version of illustrator for steve jobs' ill-fated next system, but a poorly produced version for windows.	in a failure to predict the direction of computing, adobe released a complete version of illustrator for steve jobs' ill-fated next system, but a poorly produced version for windows.
in october 1971, gerard newe, a catholic uup mp, had been appointed as a junior minister at stormont, in an attempt to improve community relations.	in october 1971, gerard newe, a catholic uup mp, had been appointed as a junior minister at stormont, in a belated attempt to improve community relations.
he embodied the high ideals of a new, free, unified and devout german people who were liberated from the false faith of the pope and italians.	he embodied the high ideals of a new, free, unified and devout german people who were liberated from the faith of the pope and italians.
sharpe, being the son of a whore , has no knowledge of his parentage.	sharpe, being the son of a prostitute , has no knowledge of his parentage.
in revenge , lehi mined two trains.	in response , lehi mined two trains.
most of the mahar community followed b. r. ambedkar in converting to navayana buddhism in the middle of the 20th century.	most of the mahar community followed b. r. ambedkar in converting to buddhism in the middle of the 20th century.
recent immigrants who had not been fully americanized were also inclined to support the king, such as recent scottish settlers in the back country; among the more striking examples of this, see flora macdonald.	recent immigrants who had not been fully americanized were also inclined to support the king, such as recent scottish settlers in the back country; among the more striking examples of this, see old macdonald.
excellent article on sebomenoi & sabians	article on sebomenoi & sabians
"following the september 11 terror attacks in the united states, john howard invoked the anzus treaty saying the strikes were an attack on australia, and the invocation of the treaty ""demonstrates australia's steadfast commitment to work with the united states."	"following the september 11 attacks in the united states, john howard invoked the anzus treaty saying the strikes were an attack on australia, and the invocation of the treaty ""demonstrates australia's steadfast commitment to work with the united states."
in the second half of the 20th century, feminists expressed concern at the use of sexist and male-oriented language.	in the second half of the 20th century, people expressed concern at the use of sexist and male-oriented language.
military operations into palestinian territory, the alleged harassment of palestinian civilians by both military personnel and israeli citizens, and the deaths of civilians during the assassination of arab militant leaders have also resulted in human-rights criticism.	military operations into palestinian territory, the alleged harassment of palestinian civilians by both military personnel and israeli citizens, and the deaths of civilians during the targeted killing of arab militant leaders have also resulted in human-rights criticism.
the university of california, davis (also referred to as ucd, uc davis, or davis), is a major public research university and one of the 10 campuses of the university of california system.	the university of california, davis (also referred to as ucd, uc davis, or davis), is a public research university and one of the 10 campuses of the university of california system.
the initial wide public support for the oslo accords began to wane as israel was struck by an unprecedented wave of terrorist attacks supported by the militant hamas group, which opposed the accords.	the initial wide public support for the oslo accords began to wane as israel was struck by an unprecedented wave of attacks supported by the militant hamas group, which opposed the accords.
some writers prefer italics for one or both types for this neutral usage, even though it may easily be mistaken for emphasis.	some writers prefer italics for one or both types for this neutral usage, even though italics may easily be mistaken for emphasis.
the following is a list of notable events and releases that have happened or are expected to happen in 2016 in music in the united states.	the following is a list of events and releases that have happened or are expected to happen in 2016 in music in the united states.
glenora is a prime residential neighbourhood in the city of edmonton, alberta, canada, overlooking the north saskatchewan river valley.	glenora is a residential neighbourhood in the city of edmonton, alberta, canada, overlooking the north saskatchewan river valley.
the lp was a tribute to polish actor zbigniew cybulski, who died tragically in 1967. the album commemorated the 10th anniversary of his death.	the lp was a tribute to polish actor zbigniew cybulski, who died in 1967. the album commemorated the 10th anniversary of his death.
breeden's logo work with abc would display remarkable nuances of usage as the group reinvented itself from album to album.	breeden's logo work with abc would display nuances of usage as the group reinvented itself from album to album.
the law enacted by measure 37 requires taxpayers to compensate property owners whose property value is affected by environmental or other land use regulations.	the law enacted by measure 37 requires state or local governments to compensate property owners whose property value is affected by environmental or other land use regulations.
two of these u.s. defenders died en route to further medical aid.	two of these u.s. soldiers died en route to further medical aid.
rachel maddow said limbaugh was trying to fan outrage, and his attacks seemed to be based on the false idea that the cost of birth control pills is proportional to the amount of sexual activity.	rachel maddow said limbaugh was trying to fan outrage, and his attacks seemed to be based on the idea that the cost of birth control pills is proportional to the amount of sexual activity.
xiamen , also known as amoy , is a major city on the southeast (taiwan strait) coast of the people's republic of china.	xiamen , also known as amoy , is a city on the southeast (taiwan strait) coast of the people's republic of china.
), there are breathtaking views of the lake of lucerne and the alps.	), there are panoramic views of the lake of lucerne and the alps.
political defeat for the united states and allies	defeat for the united states and allies
dolan's numerous brilliant discoveries have defined the study of elementary particle physics.	dolan's numerous discoveries have defined the study of elementary particle physics.
a predetermined conclusion that ignores extensive historical evidence to the contrary.	a conclusion that ignores extensive historical evidence to the contrary.
it is worthy of note that bruce broughton is still credited as the film's composer in early trailers, which indicates that john williams had very little time to compose the gorgeous score people associate the film with.	it is worthy of note that bruce broughton is still credited as the film's composer in early trailers, which indicates that john williams had very little time to compose the score people associate the film with.
the university of north carolina at chapel hill (unc, north carolina, or simply carolina) is a top public research university located in chapel hill, north carolina, united states.	the university of north carolina at chapel hill (unc, north carolina, or simply carolina) is a public research university located in chapel hill, north carolina, united states.
the light infantry was an elite infantry regiment of the british army, part of the light division.	the light infantry was an infantry regiment of the british army, part of the light division.
supporters also cite a perceived media blackout and party shutout of paul in driving the effort to produce unignorable news events.	supporters also cite a media blackout and party shutout of paul in driving the effort to produce unignorable news events.
diana also performed it during her celebrated super bowl xxx half-time show in 1996.	ross also performed it during her celebrated super bowl xxx half-time show in 1996.
in 1992, he defeated democrat activist anita perez ferguson 54%41%.	in 1992, he defeated democrat anita perez ferguson 54%41%.
this involves simply spreading the cards out face down, and sliding them around and over each other with one's inexperienced hands.	this involves simply spreading the cards out face down, and sliding them around and over each other with one's hands.
the georgetown academy, restarted in 2008 after a hiatus, targets traditionalist catholic readers, and the georgetown review, founded in 2016, purports to bring a conservative and libertarian viewpoint to campus.	the georgetown academy, restarted in 2008 after a hiatus, targets traditionalist catholic readers, and the georgetown review, founded in 2016, aims to bring a conservative and libertarian viewpoint to campus.
starting mid-april 2014 pro-russian separatists captured several towns in donetsk oblast; including ilovaisk.	starting mid-april 2014 pro-russian separatists established control over several towns in donetsk oblast; including ilovaisk.
in many ways the team's improvement in 2005-06 was often overshadowed by the spectacular individual scoring accomplishments posted by bryant which resulted in the finest statistical season of his career:	in many ways the team's improvement in 2005-06 was often overshadowed by the individual scoring accomplishments posted by bryant which resulted in the finest statistical season of his career:
"blame for this misunderstanding, which fostered discrimination against them and inequality in their professional positions, can be traced directly to the canon laws regarding them which used the sexist language suffix ""-ess"" added to the non-gendered word ""deacon"" with reference to them, even though for over a hundred years they had been been ordained by laying-on-of-hands within the apostolic succession linking back to christ in the same way that male deacons in the episcopal church had been ordained deacons."	"blame for this misunderstanding, which fostered discrimination against them and inequality in their professional positions, can be traced directly to the canon laws regarding them which used the gender-identifying language suffix ""-ess"" added to the non-gendered word ""deacon"" with reference to them, even though for over a hundred years they had been been ordained by laying-on-of-hands within the apostolic succession linking back to christ in the same way that male deacons in the episcopal church had been ordained deacons."
after attending the team's mini-camp in april 2015, he abruptly quit.	after attending the team's mini-camp in april 2015, he quit.
griffith began his career as a hopeful playwright but met with little success; only one of his plays was even accepted for a performance .	griffith began his career as a hopeful playwright but met with little success; only one of his plays was accepted for a performance .
"the album cover depicts an androgynous masochist with ""death grips"" carved into his/her chest on the leash of a smoking female sadist."	"the album cover depicts an androgynous masochist with ""death grips"" carved into their chest on the leash of a smoking female sadist."
"{ lat = ""35.771"", long = ""43.577"", mark = "" 80x80-yellow-black-anim ."	"{ lat = ""35.771"", long = ""43.577"", mark = "" dot_yellow_ff4 ."
the confederate flag can symbolize treason, yet the american flag symbolizes empire and conquest.	the confederate flag can symbolize treason, yet the american flag is seen by some to symbolize empire and conquest.
the dpa remains true to its original objectives and has also added many other activities in support of dartmoor and its inhabitants.	the dpa remains true to its original objectives and has also added other activities in support of dartmoor and its inhabitants.
"insupportable abuses of the papal mass, invented directly contrary to the holy supper of our lord, sole mediator and sole saviour jesus christ"" this provocative title was a direct attack on catholic conceptions of the eucharist.they supported zwingli's extreme position on the mass which denied the physical existence of christ in the sacraments altogether."	"insupportable abuses of the papal mass, invented directly contrary to the holy supper of our lord, sole mediator and sole saviour jesus christ"" this provocative title was a direct attack on catholic conceptions of the eucharist.they supported zwingli's position on the mass which denied the physical existence of christ in the sacraments altogether."
atlanta boasted a black mayor, andrew young, as did jackson, mississippi—harvey johnson—and new orleans, with ernest morial.	atlanta had a black mayor, andrew young, as did jackson, mississippi—harvey johnson—and new orleans, with ernest morial.
aston villa was left with no option but to sell the player and he was transferred to manchester united for 12.6 million in august 1998. despite spending 9 years at villa he is disliked by many of its fans due to his behaviour at the time he left the club and also due to the fact he later joined birmingham city, the arch-rivals of aston villa, but he is also widely regarded in the hearts of aston villa fans as one of the clubs greatest ever goalscorers.	aston villa was left with no option but to sell the player and he was transferred to manchester united for 12.6 million in august 1998. despite spending 9 years at villa he is disliked by some of its fans due to his behaviour at the time he left the club and also due to the fact he later joined birmingham city, the arch-rivals of aston villa, but he is also widely regarded in the hearts of aston villa fans as one of the clubs greatest ever goalscorers.
this struggle was led by legendary communist leader of india a. k. gopalan.	this struggle was led by famed communist leader of india a. k. gopalan.
during the 2006 men's world nine-ball championship he survived the group stages and the round of 64, but was eliminated in the round of 32 by snooker giant steve davis.	during the 2006 men's world nine-ball championship he survived the group stages and the round of 64, but was eliminated in the round of 32 by snooker pro steve davis.
guizin osman is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ishia bennison.	guizin osman is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ishia bennison.
neoliberal doctrine argued that untrammeled free trade and reduction of public-sector interference would bring benefits to poor countries and to disadvantaged people in rich countries(citatation).	neoliberal doctrine argued that untrammeled free trade and reduction of public-sector regulation would bring benefits to poor countries and to disadvantaged people in rich countries(citatation).
"on july 7, 2006, angelides expressed his support for gay rights, and pledged to legalize gay marriage if elected governor, stating ""i would sign the marriage equality bill because i believe if we can get behind people to build a lasting relationship, that is a good thing."""	"on july 7, 2006, angelides expressed his support for gay rights, and pledged to legalize same-sex marriage if elected governor, stating ""i would sign the marriage equality bill because i believe if we can get behind people to build a lasting relationship, that is a good thing."""
there are some supporters for usage-based-billing (ubb) at reasonable rates instead of the current $2/gb.	there are some supporters for usage-based-billing (ubb) at lower rates instead of the current $2/gb.
john sykes and david matza's neutralization theory explains how deviants justify their deviant behaviors by providing alternative definitions of their actions and by providing explanations, to themselves and others, for the lack of guilt for actions in particular situations.	gresham sykes and david matza's neutralization theory explains how deviants justify their deviant behaviors by providing alternative definitions of their actions and by providing explanations, to themselves and others, for the lack of guilt for actions in particular situations.
the film also received a terrible 12% fresh rating on film website rotten tomatoes.	the film also received a 12% fresh rating on film website rotten tomatoes.
"george eskola - senior reporter known for his exceptional ""out there somewhere"" reports"	"george eskola - senior reporter known for his ""out there somewhere"" reports"
"however, the movement's appeal was hurt badly by more notorious pira bombings widely perceived as ""atrocities"", such as the killing of civilians attending a remembrance day ceremony at the cenotaph in enniskillen in 1987 (the ira maintain that their target was a contingent of british soldiers due to pass the cenotaph), and the accidental murder of two children when a bomb went off in warrington, which led to tens of thousands of people descending on o'connell street in dublin to call for an end to the ira's campaign of violence."	"however, the movement's appeal was hurt badly by more notorious pira bombings widely perceived as ""atrocities"", such as the killing of civilians attending a remembrance day ceremony at the cenotaph in enniskillen in 1987 (the ira maintain that their target was a contingent of british soldiers due to pass the cenotaph), and the accidental killing of two children when a bomb went off in warrington, which led to tens of thousands of people descending on o'connell street in dublin to call for an end to the ira's campaign of violence."
in march 2006, a boston herald reporter accosted scalia while the latter was leaving a church service, asking if he faced questioning over impartiality on matters of church and state.	in march 2006, a boston herald reporter approached scalia while the latter was leaving a church service, asking if he faced questioning over impartiality on matters of church and state.
the book of mormon is a sacred text of the latter day saint movement.	the book of mormon is a text of the latter day saint movement.
an example of early sanskrit copper plate inscription, with a few kannada words to describe land boundaries, are the tumbula inscriptions of western ganga dynasty dated 444 ce.	an example of early sanskrit copper plate inscription, with a kannada words to describe land boundaries, are the tumbula inscriptions of western ganga dynasty dated 444 ce.
hawaii was initially reconstituted as an independent republic, but the ultimate goal of the insurgents was the annexation of the islands to the united states, which was finally accomplished in 1898.	hawaii was initially reconstituted as an independent republic, but the ultimate goal of the revolutionaries was the annexation of the islands to the united states, which was finally accomplished in 1898.
stallone has also co-written several other films, such as tango and cash, and directed others, such as the lamentable sequel to saturday night fever, staying alive.	stallone has also co-written several other films, such as tango and cash, and directed others, such as the sequel to saturday night fever, staying alive.
originally founded in 1994 by robert stephens, it offers various overpriced computer-related services and accessories for residential and commercial clients.	originally founded in 1994 by robert stephens, it offers various computer-related services and accessories for residential and commercial clients.
finichieo: clare told nick to use this spell on her, returning her to name after her latest misadventure with magic.	finichieo: clare told nick to use this spell on her, returning her to normal after her latest misadventure with magic.
hubbard is the son of dick hubbard, a former mayor of auckland city and the founder of hubbard foods.	hubbard is the child of dick hubbard, a former mayor of auckland city and the founder of hubbard foods.
"welk continued to film new host segments until his passing , after which select members of the ""musical family"" took over as hosts."	"welk continued to film new host segments until his death , after which select members of the ""musical family"" took over as hosts."
desiring higher education, he left his parents and his native place and went to smyrna, to study at the splendid greek school of that city.	desiring higher education, he left his parents and his native place and went to smyrna, to study at the greek school of that city.
in the late 2000s the term began to be appropriated on internet forums and social media away from its academic meaning and turned into a pejorative.	in the late 2000s the term began to be redefined on internet forums and social media away from its academic meaning and turned into a pejorative.
despite robinson's valiant efforts, pender won by decision in that rematch.	despite robinson's efforts, pender won by decision in that rematch.
runners challenge the bulls on estafeta street	runners surround the bulls on estafeta street
unfortunately in december 1996, he lost the title to brass knuckles heavyweight champion the gladiator in a title unification match.	in december 1996, he lost the title to brass knuckles heavyweight champion the gladiator in a title unification match.
"in 2000, the new york daily news reported that o'reilly was registered as a republican in nassau county, new york, since 1994. o'reilly, who had checked the box marked ""republican"" on his voter registration form, incorrectly assessed that there was ""no box to fill in"" to register as an independent at the time he filled it out."	"in 2000, the new york daily news reported that o'reilly was registered as a republican in nassau county, new york, since 1994. o'reilly, who had checked the box marked ""republican"" on his voter registration form, incorrectly said that there was ""no box to fill in"" to register as an independent at the time he filled it out."
alvin plantinga has given us a valid version of the argument, one where the conclusion follows from the premises, assuming axiom s5 of modal logic.	alvin plantinga has given us a another version of the argument, one where the conclusion follows from the premises, assuming axiom s5 of modal logic.
slipknot is a nine piece aggressive rock band located in des moines, iowa, formed in 1995 and currently signed to roadrunner records.	slipknot is a nine piece rock band located in des moines, iowa, formed in 1995 and currently signed to roadrunner records.
in 1990, twenty years after the murders , a memorial commemorating the events of may 4 was dedicated on the campus on a 2.5 acre (10,000 m) site overlooking the university's commons where the student protest took place.	in 1990, twenty years after the shootings , a memorial commemorating the events of may 4 was dedicated on the campus on a 2.5 acre (10,000 m) site overlooking the university's commons where the student protest took place.
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is a county in western europe, usually known simply as the united kingdom, the uk, or, inaccurately, as great britain or britain.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is a kingdom in western europe, usually known simply as the united kingdom, the uk, or, inaccurately, as great britain or britain.
the members of the women's auxiliary air force who manned the bunker were billeted at nearby hartham park.	the members of the women's auxiliary air force who staffed the bunker were billeted at nearby hartham park.
983: in a great uprising the heathen slavs wiped out german control from the territory of present day brandenburg.	983: in a great uprising the slavs wiped out german control from the territory of present day brandenburg.
when she appeared on the britain's got talent stage for the first time, the audience and the judges appeared apprehensive and judgemental of her unpolished appearance.	when she appeared on the britain's got talent stage for the first time, the audience and the judges appeared apprehensive and judgemental of her frumpy appearance.
george davis (february 4, 1906 25 november 1957) was an influential american fiction editor and novelist.	george davis (february 4, 1906 25 november 1957) was an american fiction editor and novelist.
the most notable story of indo-african immigration to canada is set in the 1970s, when 50,000 indian ugandans were forced out of uganda by the psychotic dictator idi amin, and were not permitted to return to india by the indian government.	the most notable story of indo-african immigration to canada is set in the 1970s, when 50,000 indian ugandans were forced out of uganda by the dictator idi amin, and were not permitted to return to india by the indian government.
the lacrymosa was also brilliantly used in the guy ritchie film revolver (film), when leading actor jason statham falls down the stairs in slow motion.	the lacrymosa was also used in the guy ritchie film revolver (film), when leading actor jason statham falls down the stairs in slow motion.
candidates, those who profess faith in christ, are fully immersed.	candidates, those who profess faith in christ, are immersed.
another protester who was shot in that day succumbed to his wounds on 9 april.	another palestinian who was shot in that day succumbed to his wounds on 9 april.
on 13 november, a mixed force from the british 12th (african) division under major-general charles fowkessupported by ethiopian patriotsattacked the key defensive position of kulkaber and were repelled.	on 13 november, a mixed force from the british 12th (african) division under major-general charles fowkessupported by ethiopian irregular troopsattacked the key defensive position of kulkaber and were repelled.
endicott is a regional rail americanism on the mbta commuter rail franklin line, located off grant avenue near east street in dedham, massachusetts.	endicott is a regional rail station on the mbta commuter rail franklin line, located off grant avenue near east street in dedham, massachusetts.
he was born in laisterdyke, bradford, west riding of yorkshire, the son of bill kellett, a renowned bradford engineer, and sarah kellett.	he was born in laisterdyke, bradford, west riding of yorkshire, the son of bill kellett, a bradford engineer, and sarah kellett.
"although there is no underground railway system similar to glasgow's or london's, the city has had several failed attempts to create one, including the infamous ""picc-vic tunnel"", a heavy rail tunnel to link the main stations."	"although there is no underground railway system similar to glasgow's or london's, the city has had several failed attempts to create one, including the ""picc-vic tunnel"", a heavy rail tunnel to link the main stations."
he has already taken more than 300 first-class wickets and has received coaching from terry jenner as part of an ecb programme to encourage wrist-spinners.	he has taken more than 300 first-class wickets and has received coaching from terry jenner as part of an ecb programme to encourage wrist-spinners.
this would be the first of over a dozen ambitious urban design projects thays would undertake across argentina until his passing in 1934.	this would be the first of over a dozen ambitious urban design projects thays would undertake across argentina until his death in 1934.
it was closed on november 21, 2005, however, due to the fact that unlawful acts would have happened too long before the disaster .	it was closed on november 21, 2005, however, due to the fact that unlawful acts would have happened too long before the slide .
environmental activist groups speculate that hydraulic fracturing has a significant environmental impact, with arguments centered around the extent to which fracturing fluid used far below the earth's surface and will pollute fresh water zones, will contaminate surface or near-surface water supplies, impact rock shelf causing seismic events or lead to surface subsidence.	environmental activist groups say that hydraulic fracturing has a significant environmental impact, with arguments centered around the extent to which fracturing fluid used far below the earth's surface and will pollute fresh water zones, will contaminate surface or near-surface water supplies, impact rock shelf causing seismic events or lead to surface subsidence.
big rigs is naturally the subject of an overwhelming number of horrible reviews.	big rigs is naturally the subject of an overwhelming number of negative reviews.
in november 2003, livingstone was named 'politician of the year' by the left-wing political studies association, which cited his implementation of what the association called a 'bold and imaginative' congestion charge scheme.	in november 2003, livingstone was named 'politician of the year' by the political studies association, which cited his implementation of what the association called a 'bold and imaginative' congestion charge scheme.
this clever two year re-registration program effectively banned handgun possesion without upseting chicago's handgun owners at that time.	this two year re-registration program effectively banned handgun possesion without upseting chicago's handgun owners at that time.
the most important conversion was for the pharmacy, whose computer system was downgraded to walgreens homegrown intercom plus pharmacy computer software, along with the installation of satellite equipment, which now links happy harry's with over 6,000 other walgreens pharmacies in the continental united states, hawaii, and puerto rico.	the most important conversion was for the pharmacy, whose computer system was changed to walgreens homegrown intercom plus pharmacy computer software, along with the installation of satellite equipment, which now links happy harry's with over 6,000 other walgreens pharmacies in the continental united states, hawaii, and puerto rico.
the angry, angular mood of this incredible album is largely credited to the influence of bla bartk.	the angry, angular mood of this album is largely credited to the influence of bla bartk.
most arab states still give credence to egypt playing that role, though its effects are often limited and recently challenged by ambitious saudi arabia and oil rich gulf states.	most arab states still give credence to egypt playing that role, though its effects are often limited and recently challenged by saudi arabia and oil rich gulf states.
the canonization of scripture	the canonization of the bible
in the past, themes have included motown, disco, and big band music, as well as music by such legendary artists as michael jackson, the beatles,queen, billy joel, bee gees, gloria estefan, elton john, andrew lloyd webber, dolly parton, and elvis presley.	in the past, themes have included motown, disco, and big band music, as well as music by such artists as michael jackson, the beatles, queen, billy joel, bee gees, gloria estefan, elton john, andrew lloyd webber, dolly parton, and elvis presley.
unfortunately , dietary recommendations have discouraged people from eating high choline foods, such as egg and fatty meats.	despite the perceived benefits of choline , dietary recommendations have discouraged people from eating high choline foods, such as egg and fatty meats.
she worked extensively as a radio comedienne , obtaining her first regular job as part of allen's mighty allen art players in the 1930s when allen hosted the hour-long town hall tonight.	she worked extensively as a radio comedian , obtaining her first regular job as part of allen's mighty allen art players in the 1930s when allen hosted the hour-long town hall tonight.
since the historically attested hariakhan baba died in 1984, many do not accept this identification with mahavatar babaji, who is supposed to be immortal.	since the historically attested hariakhan baba died in 1984, others do not accept this identification with mahavatar babaji, who is supposed to be immortal.
the first, leeward islands teachers training college, continuing in the excellent traditions of spring gardens moravian teachers training college served students from all over the leeward islands, incorporating numerous island nations.	the first, leeward islands teachers training college, continuing in the traditions of spring gardens moravian teachers training college served students from all over the leeward islands, incorporating numerous island nations.
he has been appointed the 2007 lecturer for the prestigious bbc reith lectures.	he has been appointed the 2007 lecturer for the bbc reith lectures.
"it also contains more introspective material such as ""help me through the night"" and ""song for emma"", a tribute to walsh's daughter who had been killed in a car accident the previous year."	"it also contains more introspective material such as ""help me through the night"" and ""song for emma"", a tribute to walsh's daughter who had been killed in a car crash the previous year."
"it has been reported that a ""growing number of muslim men have multiple wives""; the same story cited islamic friendship association of australia president keysar trad as believing that there were ""not many more than 50"" polygamist muslim families in australia."	"it has been reported that a ""growing number of muslim men have multiple wives""; the same story cited islamic friendship association of australia president keysar trad as stating that there were ""not many more than 50"" polygamist muslim families in australia."
earliest recorded speculations are from the likes of zoroaster, the buddha, plato, aristotle, adi shankara and other ancient greek, indian and, later, islamic philosophers.	earliest recorded speculations are from the likes of zoroaster, gautama buddha, plato, aristotle, adi shankara and other ancient greek, indian and, later, islamic philosophers.
one fascinating aspect of schenkerian analysis is that it does not view the work as built from a succession of events, but as the growth of new events from within events of higher level, much as a tree develops twigs from its branches and branches from its trunk: it is in this sense that schenkerian theory must be considered organicist.	one aspect of schenkerian analysis is that it does not view the work as built from a succession of events, but as the growth of new events from within events of higher level, much as a tree develops twigs from its branches and branches from its trunk: it is in this sense that schenkerian theory must be considered organicist.
"miller's notable recordings include ""in the mood"", ""moonlight serenade"", ""pennsylvania 6-5000"", ""chattanooga choo choo"", ""a string of pearls"", ""at last"", ""(i've got a gal in) kalamazoo"", ""american patrol"", ""tuxedo junction"", ""elmer's tune"", and ""little brown jug""."	"miller's recordings include ""in the mood"", ""moonlight serenade"", ""pennsylvania 6-5000"", ""chattanooga choo choo"", ""a string of pearls"", ""at last"", ""(i've got a gal in) kalamazoo"", ""american patrol"", ""tuxedo junction"", ""elmer's tune"", and ""little brown jug""."
this remains the subject of both scholarly and popular debate, with one view claiming that the soviet declaration of war on japan had more of an effect than the two nuclear bombings (cf.	this remains the subject of both scholarly and popular debate, with one view stating that the soviet declaration of war on japan had more of an effect than the two nuclear bombings (cf.
differences between the arian heresy adhered to by the vandals and rome's catholics or donatists was a constant source of tensions in their african state.	differences between the arian faith adhered to by the vandals and rome's catholics or donatists was a constant source of tensions in their african state.
freud is the remarkable daughter of politician and broadcaster sir clement freud, and the great-granddaughter of psychoanalyst sigmund freud.	freud is the daughter of politician and broadcaster sir clement freud, and the great-granddaughter of psychoanalyst sigmund freud.
she was killed after she attempted to block an israel defense forces (idf) bulldozer conducting military operations in rafah in the gaza strip on march 16, 2003. an internal idf investigation concluded that corrie's death was an accident but ism eyewitnesses falsely dispute this account, contending that the bulldozer driver deliberately struck rachel as she was protesting in plain view.	she was killed after she attempted to block an israel defense forces (idf) bulldozer conducting military operations in rafah in the gaza strip on march 16, 2003. an internal idf investigation concluded that corrie's death was an accident but ism eyewitnesses vehemently dispute this account, contending that the bulldozer driver deliberately struck rachel as she was protesting in plain view.
his uncle was minister of public works during the fulgencio batista dictatorship , in cuba.	his uncle was minister of public works during the fulgencio batista government , in cuba.
but po's awesome new life is threatened by the emergence of a formidable villain, who plans to use a secret, unstoppable weapon to conquer china and destroy kung fu.	but po's new life is threatened by the emergence of a formidable villain, who plans to use a secret, unstoppable weapon to conquer china and destroy kung fu.
unfortunately he lost in both competitions in the first round.	he lost in both competitions in the first round.
on december 16 2006 ponikarovsky notched a career high five points in toronto's 9-2 thrashing of the new york rangers, scoring two goals and assisting on three others.	on december 16 2006 ponikarovsky notched a career high five points in toronto's 9-2 victory of the new york rangers, scoring two goals and assisting on three others.
james logan serves as the primary public high school for the city of union city and parts of hayward, and it is joined by the conley-caraballo high school for alternative education, which opened recently .	james logan serves as the primary public high school for the city of union city and parts of hayward, and it is joined by the conley-caraballo high school for alternative education, which opened in 2005 .
her brother was tragically killed in the 2002 bali bombing.	her brother was killed in the 2002 bali bombing.
negative tactics by political opponents	campaign tactics by political opponents
in november 1971 he and john biggs-davison, joined, as observers, british troops in action in ulster against the ira.	in november 1971 he and john biggs-davison, joined, as observers, british troops in action in northern ireland against the ira.
however, since then, he has been involved in two cases where patriots suffered major injuries: wes welker's torn acl in the 2009 season finale (which occurred when pollard lunged at welker and the receiver's leg buckled when he tried to move it out of pollard's flight path) and rob gronkowski's sprained ankle in the 2012 playoffs (which took place when pollard was trying to tackle the huge tight end, and swung himself into gronkowski's leg as he finally brought him down).	however, since then, he has been involved in two cases where patriots suffered major injuries: wes welker's torn acl in the 2009 season finale (which occurred when pollard lunged at welker and the receiver's leg buckled when he tried to move it out of pollard's flight path) and rob gronkowski's sprained ankle in the 2012 playoffs (which took place when pollard was trying to tackle the tight end, and swung himself into gronkowski's leg as he finally brought him down).
he was also awarded the wiederholungsspange 1939, due to having earned the iron cross 2nd class in world war i. after the campaign, von scholz was ordered to take command of the danish-norwegian volunteer formation ss-infanterie-regiment nordland, now forming in klagenfurt in austria.	he was also awarded the wiederholungsspange 1939, due to having earned the iron cross 2nd class in world war i. after the campaign, von scholz was ordered to take command of the volunteer formation ss-infanterie-regiment nordland, now forming in klagenfurt in austria.
; d. february 18, 1998, rancho mirage, calif.) was an american radio and tv broadcaster for four major league baseball teams, beginning with a long tenure doing the games of the st. louis cardinals and ending as the iconic announcer for the chicago cubs, both of the national league, in between which he also served time as the announcer for the oakland athletics (for one year) and the chicago white sox (for eleven years).	; d. february 18, 1998, rancho mirage, calif.) was an american radio and tv broadcaster for four major league baseball teams, beginning with a long tenure doing the games of the st. louis cardinals and ending as the announcer for the chicago cubs, both of the national league, in between which he also served time as the announcer for the oakland athletics (for one year) and the chicago white sox (for eleven years).
throughout their career, they helped forge such subgenres as folk rock, space rock, raga rock, psychedelic rock, jangle pop, and on their 1968 classic sweetheart of the rodeo country rock.	throughout their career, they helped forge such subgenres as folk rock, space rock, raga rock, psychedelic rock, jangle pop, and on their 1968 album sweetheart of the rodeo country rock.
"chesler has written that sexual abuse is widespread in muslim communities in afghanistan and palestine , and that such abuse ""leads to paranoid, highly traumatized and revenge-seeking adults."""	"chesler has written that sexual abuse is widespread in muslim communities in afghanistan and the palestinian territories , and that such abuse ""leads to paranoid, highly traumatized and revenge-seeking adults."""
another former player david hay took over from mcneill in july 1983, but frustratingly finished runner-up in each of the domestic tournaments in his first season as manager; finishing 2nd in the league to aberdeen, runners-up to rangers in the league cup and losing 12 after extra time to aberdeen in an acrimonious scottish cup final which saw celtic's roy aitken sent off.	another former player david hay took over from mcneill in july 1983, but finished runner-up in each of the domestic tournaments in his first season as manager; finishing 2nd in the league to aberdeen, runners-up to rangers in the league cup and losing 12 after extra time to aberdeen in an acrimonious scottish cup final which saw celtic's roy aitken sent off.
looks strikingly similar to a sea anemone.	looks \ similar to a sea anemone .
the hillsborough county public library system possesses many collections unique to the rich cultural heritage of tampa bay.	the hillsborough county public library system possesses many collections unique to the cultural heritage of tampa bay.
critical reception of darkstar has been mostly positive.	critical reception of darkstar has been mixed to positive.
"conservative author david horowitz, one of chomsky's leading critics, has described chomsky's as the ""ayatollah of anti-american hate"" for what he describes as chomsky's fundamental hatred of the united states."	"conservative author david horowitz, one of chomsky's more prominent critics, has described chomsky's as the ""ayatollah of anti-american hate"" for what he describes as chomsky's fundamental hatred of the united states."
nonetheless, deleuze also found the work of non- traditional thinkers such as jean-paul sartre strongly attractive.	nonetheless, deleuze also found the work of non- academic thinkers such as jean-paul sartre strongly attractive.
modern zionism emerged in the late 19th century in central and eastern europe as a national revival movement, both in reaction to newer waves of antisemitism and as an imitative response to other exclusionary nationalist movements.	modern zionism emerged in the late 19th century in central and eastern europe as a national revival movement, both in reaction to newer waves of antisemitism and as an imitative response to other nationalist movements.
the m1 is a major northsouth motorway in england primarily connecting london to leeds, where it joins the a1(m) near aberford.	the m1 is a northsouth motorway in england primarily connecting london to leeds, where it joins the a1(m) near aberford.
fearing reprisals and heeding to the outcries of the public, the feds stepped in.	fearing reprisals and heeding to the outcries of the public, the federal government stepped in.
gita kapoor is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shobu kapoor.	gita kapoor is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by shobu kapoor.
fortunately the various dragonarmy factions began fighting over the crown and tanis and laurana were able to escape.	the various dragonarmy factions began fighting over the crown and tanis and laurana were able to escape.
"he smugly replies, ""your sam's a detective."""	"he replies, ""your sam's a detective."""
catholic answers a serious and detailed response to the absurd claims of chick publications against roman catholics	catholic answers a serious and detailed response to the claims of chick publications against roman catholics
the number of minutes before midnight measuring the degree of nuclear, environmental, and technological threats to mankind is periodically corrected .	the number of minutes before midnight measuring the degree of nuclear, environmental, and technological threats to mankind is periodically changed .
on may 15, united daily news reported that the top ten richest people in mainland china had only donated a little over 32.5 million yuan (us$4.6 million) altogether as of may 13, drawing accusations of selfishness and callousness from chinese internet users.	on may 15, united daily news reported that the top ten richest people in mainland china had donated a little over 32.5 million yuan (us$4.6 million) altogether as of may 13, drawing accusations of selfishness and callousness from chinese internet users.
the anglo-saxons in england had also started to convert from heathenism after the arrival of christian missionaries around the year 600.	the anglo-saxons in england had also started to convert from anglo-saxon polytheism after the arrival of christian missionaries around the year 600.
"berkeley vale is home to the mighty berkeley vale ""panthers"" rugby league football club and the berkeley vale ""wombats"" soccer club."	"berkeley vale is home to the berkeley vale ""panthers"" rugby league football club and the berkeley vale ""wombats"" soccer club."
bornstein later said that trump himself had dictated the contents.	bornstein later claimed that trump himself had dictated the contents.
wells fargo's goal is to coax its customers to buy all their financial products through wells fargo.	wells fargo's goal is to encourage its customers to buy all their financial products through wells fargo.
"although common in north america, and some asian countries such as korea and china, elective declawing is considered an act of animal cruelty in many countries (see ""declawing practices"" below)."	"although common in north america, and some asian countries such as korea and china, elective declawing is considered an act of animal cruelty in certain countries (see ""declawing practices"" below)."
due to ambiguities in the word state, for instance in the united states, the term nation-state is misused to mean any sovereign state, whether or not its political boundaries coincide with ethnic and cultural ones.	due to ambiguities in the word state, for instance in the united states, the term nation-state is also used to mean any sovereign state, whether or not its political boundaries coincide with ethnic and cultural ones.
he is best known for his recurring role as cmsgt.	he is known for his recurring role as cmsgt.
horowitz reported that while he was filming in a no-go zone, he was jumped and beaten by five people.	horowitz said that while he was filming in a no-go zone, he was jumped and beaten by five people.
arlington park was the site of the first thoroughbred race with a million-dollar purse in 1981. it is located conveniently near the illinois route 53 freeway.	arlington park was the site of the first thoroughbred race with a million-dollar purse in 1981. it is located near the illinois route 53 freeway.
"he is well known for his support of ex-tory mp neil hamilton, who became famous for his involvement in the ""cash for questions"" sleaze affair in the 1990s."	"he is well known for his support of ex-tory mp neil hamilton, who became famous for his involvement in the ""cash for questions"" affair in the 1990s."
institute members hiked for seven hours, climbing 13,000 feet before making the supposed discovery on mount suleiman, northwest of tehran, iran; no pictures of the alleged ark have been made available.	institute members hiked for seven hours, climbing 13,000 feet before making the reported discovery on mount suleiman, northwest of tehran, iran; no pictures of the alleged ark have been made available.
the west end premiere of ali g indahouse was met with anti-racist demonstrators protesting outside.	the west end premiere of ali g indahouse was met with demonstrators protesting outside.
the book uses faux xenophobia to illustrate the cultural differences of various nations, often mocking racial stereotypes with witty comments.	the book uses faux xenophobia to illustrate the cultural differences of various nations, often mocking racial stereotypes with satirical comments.
the charlotte region has an extraordinary base of energy-oriented organizations and has become known as charlotte usa  the new energy capital.	the charlotte region has an major base of energy-oriented organizations and has become known as charlotte usa  the new energy capital.
kulottunga chola i is the protagonist and the hero of this magnificent work.	kulottunga chola i is the protagonist and the hero of this work.
dr. karl ludwig reichelt claims to have found peptides from casein and gluten which worsen the symptoms of autistic children.	dr. karl ludwig reichelt claims to have found peptides from casein and gluten that worsen the symptoms of autistic children.
the phrase was not blaine's, but his opponents made use of it (and his refusal to publicly disavow it) to misrepresent his attitude toward the roman catholics, large numbers of whom are supposed, in consequence, to have withdrawn their support (ironically, blaine's mother was roman catholic).	the phrase was not blaine's, but his opponents made use of it (and his refusal to publicly disavow it) to characterize his attitude toward the roman catholics, large numbers of whom are supposed, in consequence, to have withdrawn their support (ironically, blaine's mother was roman catholic).
doon mackichan, comedienne and actress.	doon mackichan, comedian and actress.
that situation was compounded with controversy over his progressive stance on social and racial issues and his denunciation of the vietnam war in august 1967. on october 15, 1969, one month after celebrating his 50th anniversary as a priest, sheen resigned from his position and was then appointed archbishop of the titular see of newport (wales) by pope paul vi.	that situation was compounded with controversy over his stance on social and racial issues and his denunciation of the vietnam war in august 1967. on october 15, 1969, one month after celebrating his 50th anniversary as a priest, sheen resigned from his position and was then appointed archbishop of the titular see of newport (wales) by pope paul vi.
adelir antonio de carli (aka padre baloneiro), brazilian priester, human-right defender, unfortunately lost in the atlantic ocean in brazilian offshore water at his second cluster balloon tentative on april 20, 2008.	adelir antonio de carli (aka padre baloneiro), brazilian priester, human-right defender, lost in the atlantic ocean in brazilian offshore water at his second cluster balloon tentative on april 20, 2008.
this university also boasts a student union building and offers easy transportation to the city center by bus or metro.	this university also boasts a student union building and offers transportation to the city center by bus or metro.
he starred collegiately at syracuse university.	he played collegiately at syracuse university.
the medical center performed abortions and employed abortion-rights pioneer dr. jane e. hodgson.	the medical center performed abortions and employed abortion-rights advocate dr. jane e. hodgson.
its campus includes the bullocks wilshire building, an admired art deco national register of historic places landmark built in 1929. southwestern is an independent law school with no affiliation to any undergraduate university.	its campus includes the bullocks wilshire building, an art deco national register of historic places landmark built in 1929. southwestern is an independent law school with no affiliation to any undergraduate university.
before world war two, the sis had been a relatively minor and despised branch of the british government.	before world war two, the sis had been a relatively minor and uninfluential branch of the british government.
"some writers see this beautiful song as unintentionally self-satirical, as the multimillionaire songwriter is depicted in a film of the song playing a white grand piano in an enormous country house, while inviting us to ""imagine no possessions""."	"some writers see this song as unintentionally self-satirical, as the multimillionaire songwriter is depicted in a film of the song playing a white grand piano in an enormous country house, while inviting us to ""imagine no possessions""."
an abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus, resulting in, or caused by, its death .	an abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus, resulting in, or caused by, its termination .
peter macfarlane blaikie is a canadian lawyer and a bilingual statesman from quebec.	peter macfarlane blaikie is a canadian lawyer and a bilingual politician from quebec.
ghidone is known for her work with the veteran stand-up comedienne and actress, carmen barbieri, she has worked for barbieri's theater company and has been in all of her musicals since late-2008: vedettsima in 2009; fantstica in 2010; bravsima in 2011; barbiersima in 2012; escndalosas in 2013. she has also modeled for maxim's june 2010 cover in argentina.	ghidone is known for her work with the veteran stand-up comedian and actress, carmen barbieri, she has worked for barbieri's theater company and has been in all of her musicals since late-2008: vedettsima in 2009; fantstica in 2010; bravsima in 2011; barbiersima in 2012; escndalosas in 2013. she has also modeled for maxim's june 2010 cover in argentina.
while many fans prefer a unified approach, wherein the entire expanded universe and the films are treated on the same level (but not with the same degree of canonicity), others prefer a system where only the films themselves are true canon, with the expanded universe as an offshoot that maintains consistency with the films .	while some fans prefer a unified approach, wherein the entire expanded universe and the films are treated on the same level (but not with the same degree of canonicity), others prefer a system where only the films themselves are true canon, with the expanded universe as an offshoot that maintains consistency with the films .
hussain was the terrorist who detonated a bomb on the no.	hussain is alleged to have been the terrorist who detonated a bomb on the no.
in the fall of 2005, monthly readership surpassed one million.	in the fall of 2005, monthly readership exceeded one million.
it was at the centre that newell oversaw the creation of the extremely successful plant design management system (pdms) for 3d process plant design.	it was at the centre that newell oversaw the creation of the successful plant design management system (pdms) for 3d process plant design.
he died tragically from a gun-shot wound fired by a deranged mental patient.	he died from a gun-shot wound fired by a deranged mental patient.
the bodos led a gory struggle in the name of self-determination in late 1980's under the leadership of upendra nath brahma, who is now regarded as the father of the bodos (bodo-fa).	the bodos led a struggle in the name of self-determination in late 1980's under the leadership of upendra nath brahma, who is now regarded as the father of the bodos (bodo-fa).
however, the end game left a lot to desire as pakistan had lost more ground than gained and more importantly did not achieve the goal of liberating kashmir, which has been viewed by many impartial sources as a defeat for pakistan.	however, the end game left a lot to desire as pakistan had lost more ground than gained and more importantly did not achieve the goal of occupying kashmir, which has been viewed by many impartial sources as a defeat for pakistan.
so to reach jomhuri courtyard, the setting for massed evening namaz (prayers), infidels should double back via qods courtyard, which features a miniature version of jerusalem's 'dome of the rock'.	so to reach jomhuri courtyard, the setting for massed evening namaz (prayers), non-muslims should double back via qods courtyard, which features a miniature version of jerusalem's 'dome of the rock'.
pedro leal is a portuguese international rugby player and a regular on the irb world sevens circuit.	pedro leal is a portuguese international rugby player and a regular on the international rugby board world sevens circuit.
in the 1996 made-for-television version, he was played by malcolm stewart and in the blockbuster 1997 version, ewan stewart.	in the 1996 made-for-television version, he was played by malcolm stewart and in the 1997 version, ewan stewart.
artemisia (in greek ''), the daughter of lygdamis became the tyrant of halicarnassus in asia minor as a client of the persians after the death of her husband.	artemisia (in greek ''), the daughter of lygdamis became the ruler of halicarnassus in asia minor as a client of the persians after the death of her husband.
software patents under the european patent convention explains epo practice when examining patent applications involving software.	software patents under the european patent convention explains european patent office practice when examining patent applications involving software.
he is best known as a talented comic but is also known for his eccentric and controversial behavior.	he is best known as a comic but is also known for his eccentric and controversial behavior.
toyotomi hideyoshi used an enemy's suicide in this way on several occasions, the most dramatic of which effectively ended a dynasty of daimyo forever .	toyotomi hideyoshi used an enemy's suicide in this way on several occasions, the most dramatic of which effectively ended a dynasty of daimyo.
his family has strong irish roots that trace back to county galway and county limerick.	his family has irish roots that trace back to county galway and county limerick.
in 1995, the sega saturn came out with a mediocre fighting game named fighting vipers, by development company am2.	in 1995, the sega saturn came out with a fighting game named fighting vipers, by development company am2.
the president of the united states was present at the century plaza hotel and helicopters were flying overhead with machine guns pointed at the marchers, but no mention of this shocking event was made on television or newspapers.	the president of the united states was present at the century plaza hotel and helicopters were flying overhead with machine guns pointed at the marchers, but no mention of this event was made on television or newspapers.
firefox with the popular noia extreme theme	firefox with the noia extreme theme
people apply their skills and time to projects for the common good, perhaps where funding or corporate interest is lacking.	people apply their skills and time to projects for the common good, perhaps where funding or commercial interest is lacking.
today sadly , zimbabwe is under the control of president robert mugabe, who has been in power since the country's long war for independence.	today, zimbabwe is under the control of president robert mugabe, who has been in power since the country's long war for independence.
ran bosilek (26 september 1886, gabrovo - 8 october 1958, sofia), born gencho stanchev negentsov , was a famous bulgarian author of children's books.	ran bosilek (26 september 1886, gabrovo - 8 october 1958, sofia), born gencho stanchev negentsov , was a bulgarian author of children's books.
preeminent among these loathsome books are the necronomicon and the pnakotic manuscripts, both the creations of lovecraft.	preeminent among these books are the necronomicon and the pnakotic manuscripts, both the creations of lovecraft.
samaritan's purse is an evangelical christian humanitarian organization that targets people in physical need as a fundamental part of their christian missionary work.	samaritan's purse is an evangelical christian humanitarian organization that provides aid to people in physical need as a fundamental part of their christian missionary work.
a selection of his poems, revised by himself, appeared in 1866. his was amongst the most popular battle-poetry produced in the north during the civil war; but his work is unfinished, uneven, often undignified, and sometimes grotesque.	a selection of his poems, revised by himself, appeared in 1866. his was amongst the most popular battle-poetry produced in the north during the civil war; but his work has been criticized as unfinished, uneven, often undignified, and sometimes grotesque.
kingdom hearts is criticized by some unscrupulous fans for ruining the final fantasy characters placed in it.	kingdom hearts is criticized by some fans for ruining the final fantasy characters placed in it.
on this special blessing day, the male youth offer flowers to the girls, expressing their respect and care towards them, making it a fascinating way to strengthen the bond among the youth.	on this special blessing day, the male youth offer flowers to the girls, expressing their respect and care towards them, making it a way to strengthen the bond among the youth.
sweden surprisingly won the group but subsequently lost against senegal in the first knockout round.	sweden won the group but subsequently lost against senegal in the first knockout round.
however after the troops had left in 1954 and the egyptians nationalized the canal in 1956, powell opposed the british attempts to reconquer the canal because he thought the british no longer had the resources to be a world power.	however after the troops had left in 1954 and the egyptians nationalized the canal in 1956, powell opposed the british attempts to retake the canal because he thought the british no longer had the resources to be a world power.
this old hospital was partly renovated and extended to house a museum that holds the 'mossman collection', a large collection of horsedrawn carriages and other vehicles, along with locally found artifacts, an exquisite historical garden and a craft center where ancient crafts such as basket weaving and candle making are practised and taught to members of the public.	this old hospital was partly renovated and extended to house a museum that holds the 'mossman collection', a large collection of horsedrawn carriages and other vehicles, along with locally found artifacts, an historical garden and a craft center where ancient crafts such as basket weaving and candle making are practised and taught to members of the public.
in the 1940s many psychologists, particularly social psychologists, conceded that environmental and cultural factors, as well as discrimination and prejudice, provided a more probable explanation of disparities in intelligence.	in the 1940s many psychologists, particularly social psychologists, began to argue that environmental and cultural factors, as well as discrimination and prejudice, provided a more probable explanation of disparities in intelligence.
robocop is a 1987 cyberpunk ultraviolent film directed by paul verhoeven.	robocop is a 1987 cyberpunk film directed by paul verhoeven.
it acquired a cosmopolitan and politically progressive feel but unfortunately due to poor planning its infrastructure could not cope with the rapid population growth.	it acquired a cosmopolitan and politically progressive feel but due to poor planning its infrastructure could not cope with the rapid population growth.
the film follows jakes exploits as he embeds with his brother isaac in iraq as well as other u.s. and iraqi combat units.	the film follows jakes experiences as he embeds with his brother isaac in iraq as well as other u.s. and iraqi combat units.
the black mages' overall style is a beautiful complex progressive metal style.	the black mages' overall style is a complex progressive metal style.
in the scene with the strange ritual, the incantations heard in the background are actually christian prayers sung in romanian, played in reverse.	in the scene with the ritual, the incantations heard in the background are actually christian prayers sung in romanian, played in reverse.
she was frequently bothered by fundamentalist muslim groups in algeria who thought she showed too much of her body when racing.	she was frequently bothered by muslim groups in algeria who thought she showed too much of her body when racing.
mines, it was christened brexton and first appeared as such on the maps in 1938. the usual small business establishments catered to the miners and, according to one account, brexton was a lively town at its peak.	mines, it was named brexton and first appeared as such on the maps in 1938. the usual small business establishments catered to the miners and, according to one account, brexton was a lively town at its peak.
"the truth is, he brutally declared in 1930, ""that gandhi-ism and everything it stands for will have to be grappled with and crushed."""	"the truth is, he declared in 1930, ""that gandhi-ism and everything it stands for will have to be grappled with and crushed."""
the democratic party, founded in 1792, is the second-oldest political party in the world (after the tories of the united kingdom).	the democratic party, founded in 1792, is the second-oldest political party in the world (after the conservative party of the united kingdom).
however, the spice is a familiar taste in tex-mex dishes.	however, the spice is a common taste in tex-mex dishes.
this episode naturally angered farman, and caused him to sever his association with voisin in early 1909 and start aircraft construction for himself.	this episode angered farman, and caused him to sever his association with voisin in early 1909 and start aircraft construction for himself.
she was elected to fill his vacancy on the board of directors after his death in 1959, but was forcibly retired in 1973. she continued acting regularly into the 1960s, when her performances became fewer, and retired from the screen in 1970 after the release of the execrable horror film trog.	she was elected to fill his vacancy on the board of directors after his death in 1959, but was forcibly retired in 1973. she continued acting regularly into the 1960s, when her performances became fewer, and retired from the screen in 1970 after the release of the horror film trog .
teller, who suffered a heart attack from the stress of countering the increase in anti-nuclear hysteria that followed the film, quipped that he was the only person whose health was affected by the tmi incident.	teller, who suffered a heart attack from the stress of countering the increase in anti-nuclear momentum that followed the film, quipped that he was the only person whose health was affected by the tmi incident.
the helicopter also fired on a van that arrived to help the injured members of the first group; two children in the van were wounded and their father killed.	the helicopter also fired on a van that stopped to help the injured members of the first group; two children in the van were wounded and their father killed.
according to an interview with martin faulks of lewis masonic, it is thought by some brethren that lomas might be the inspiration for the character of dr. robert langdon, in dan brown's thriller, the da vinci code.	according to an interview with martin faulks of lewis masonic, it is thought by some freemasons that lomas might be the inspiration for the character of dr. robert langdon, in dan brown's thriller, the da vinci code.
because of this debate, the choice of whether to use ad or ce dating is sometimes rightly construed as a political statement against or in favor of secularism.	because of this debate, the choice of whether to use ad or ce dating is sometimes construed as a political statement against or in favor of secularism.
telluride boasts a free box that is well supported by the community.	telluride has a free box that is well supported by the community.
the residents of the islands were given full u.s. citizenship in 1917, through the jones-shafroth act.	the residents of the islands were given u.s. citizenship in 1917, through the jones-shafroth act.
in the summer of 2015, coulter appeared on real time with bill maher and predicted that of all the declared republican primary candidates, donald trump had the best chance of winning the general election, prompting the studio audience to laugh in disbelief.	in the summer of 2015, coulter appeared on real time with bill maher and said that of all the declared republican primary candidates, donald trump had the best chance of winning the general election, prompting the studio audience to laugh in disbelief.
santa anna played a big role in trying to muster mexican forces but this war resulted in the resolute defeat of mexico and as a result of the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo (1848), mexico lost one third of its surface area due to civil war with texas, and later war with the united states.	santa anna played a big role in trying to muster mexican forces but this war resulted in the defeat of mexico and as a result of the treaty of guadalupe hidalgo (1848), mexico lost one third of its surface area due to civil war with texas, and later war with the united states.
with this argument the book in effect supports what is known as intelligent design, a form of the argument from design, one of many arguments for the existence of a supernatural deity.	with this argument the book in effect supports what is known as intelligent design, a form of the argument from design, one of the arguments for the existence of a supernatural deity.
"the band's popularity grew in 1993 with their now-legendary album, bloody kisses, featuring the provacative underground hits ""christian woman"" and ""black no."	"the band's popularity grew in 1993 with their album, bloody kisses, featuring the provacative underground hits ""christian woman"" and ""black no."
the use of hebrew vocabulary, and often dietary practices and festivals, can meet with a mixed reception among some christians in america.	the use of hebrew vocabulary, and often dietary practices and festivals, can meet with a mixed reception among other christians in america.
it includes a magnificent federal-style mansion, a matching carriage house and stable, and a garden landscape that in 1840 was transformed into a victorian rural cemetery with an arboretum of over 1,000 trees.	it includes a federal-style mansion, a matching carriage house and stable, and a garden landscape that in 1840 was transformed into a victorian rural cemetery with an arboretum of over 1,000 trees.
dawn french - actress, writer, comedienne (holyhead, 1957)	dawn french - actress, writer, comedian (holyhead, 1957)
transparent fee structure, low funds withdrawal fees (1.80 typical).	transparent fee structure, funds withdrawal fees (1.80 typical).
while he had been a government minister in alberta he wrote a letter to the editor of the red deer advocate in april 1999 in which he criticized lorne goddard, a lawyer and respected red deer school trustee, for defending a man accused of possessing child pornography.	while he had been a government minister in alberta he wrote a letter to the editor of the red deer advocate in april 1999 in which he criticized lorne goddard, a lawyer and red deer school trustee, for defending a man accused of possessing child pornography.
jhangvi was killed in a bomb attack by shia militants on 23 february 1990. former sipah-e- yazid member riaz basra named his own neo-wahabi organization, lashkar-e-jhangvi, after the slain cleric.	jhangvi was killed in a bomb attack by shia militants on 23 february 1990. former sipah-e- sahaba member riaz basra named his own neo-wahabi organization, lashkar-e-jhangvi, after the slain cleric.
on 23 july , republican forces kidnapped moscard's 16-year-old son, luis.	on 23 july , republican forces captured moscard's 16-year-old son, luis.
the white nile's true source was not discovered until 1937, when the german explorer burkhart waldecker traced it to a stream in rutovu, at the base of mount kikizi.	the white nile's true source was not documented until 1937, when the german explorer burkhart waldecker traced it to a stream in rutovu, at the base of mount kikizi.
the species operate by lowering the ph of the fermenting substance by creating the lactic acid, neutralising it to the desired extent.	the species operate by lowering the ph of the fermenting substance by creating the lactic acid, acidifying it to the desired extent.
the rape and assault of christian, hindu, sikh and other minorities is reported to be particularly prevalent in pakistan.	the rape and assault of christian, hindu, sikh and other minorities is reported to be prevalent in pakistan.
the member companies own small portions of the shares in each other's companies, centered on a core bank; this system helps insulate each company from stock market fluctuations and takeover attempts, thus enabling long-term planning in innovative projects.	the member companies own small portions of the shares in each other's companies, centered on a core bank; this system helps insulate each company from stock market fluctuations and takeover attempts, thus enabling long-term planning in projects.
it was named after the russian city kursk, around which the largest tank battle in military history, the battle of kursk, took place in 1943. one of the first vessels completed after the fall of the soviet union, it was commissioned into the russian navy's northern fleet.	it was named after the russian city kursk, around which the largest tank battle in military history, the battle of kursk, took place in 1943. one of the first vessels completed after the end of the soviet union, it was commissioned into the russian navy's northern fleet.
on september 16, 2002, spe retired the columbia and tristar names from television, rechristening ctdt as sony pictures television.	on september 16, 2002, spe retired the columbia and tristar names from television, renaming ctdt as sony pictures television.
his 1988-1994 rocky marriage to playmate karen velez produced one daughter, nikki loren, and twin sons, dane luke and trey kulley.	his 1988-1994 marriage to playmate karen velez produced one daughter, nikki loren, and twin sons, dane luke and trey kulley.
"when steven (along with amythest) went to onion's house in ""onion friend"", onion interacted oddly with steven when he visited onion's room (some actions included offering a mouse to feed to his pet snake and showing a videotape of his own birth), but he gave steven a rare collectible toy at the end of the episode, indicating that he does recognize friendship when it is offered."	"when steven (along with amythest) went to onion's house in ""onion friend"", onion interacted with steven when he visited onion's room (some actions included offering a mouse to feed to his pet snake and showing a videotape of his own birth), but he gave steven a rare collectible toy at the end of the episode, indicating that he does recognize friendship when it is offered."
demi moore (born demetria gene guynes; november 11, 1962) is an american actress .	demi moore (born demetria gene guynes; november 11, 1962) is an american actor.
"mourdock infamously said that pregnancy from rape was ""something that god intended"", triggering a nationwide controversy nearly on the scale of that resulting from akin's comments."	"mourdock said that pregnancy from rape was ""something that god intended"", triggering a nationwide controversy nearly on the scale of that resulting from akin's comments."
yii is an open source, object-oriented, high-performance component-based php web application framework.	yii is an open source, object-oriented, component-based php web application framework.
tone attended cornell university where he was president of the dramatic club and was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.	tone attended cornell university where he was president of the dramatic club and was elected to the sphinx head society.
"true to his strongly progressive views, harburg supported the 1948 presidential campaign of henry wallace, and wrote the lyrics of the campaign song ""everyone likes wallace, friendly henry wallace."""	"true to his strongly leftist views, harburg supported the 1948 presidential campaign of henry wallace, and wrote the lyrics of the campaign song ""everyone likes wallace, friendly henry wallace."""
heidemann was awarded the match 6-5, thanks to a malfunctioning of the clock which resulted in a repetition of the final second four times before the final winning point, resulting in the south korean team lodging an official protest.	heidemann was awarded the match 6-5, due to a malfunctioning of the clock which resulted in a repetition of the final second four times before the final winning point, resulting in the south korean team lodging an official protest.
some of the remaining landmarks of the town's industrial estate are phoenix camp minerals, where coca-cola products and the famous local phoenix beer are bottled.	some of the remaining landmarks of the town's industrial estate are phoenix camp minerals, where coca-cola products and the local phoenix beer are bottled.
he was the former manager of the spanish giant valencia cf.	he was the former manager of the spanish club valencia cf.
fleshbot appears on the so-called acma blacklist (see internet censorship in australia) that was released via wikileaks on march 20, 2009.	fleshbot appears on the acma blacklist (see internet censorship in australia) that was released via wikileaks on march 20, 2009.
a dussack (also dusack, dysack, tesak, tuseckn, thuseckn, disackn, or dusgge) is a type of antiquated german practice weapon that originated around the 16th century.	a dussack (also dusack, dysack, tesak, tuseckn, thuseckn, disackn, or dusgge) is a type of german practice weapon that originated around the 16th century.
"some human players go so far as to become ""death cultists"" - who glorify death and willingly sacrifice themselves to zombies."	"some human players go so far as to become ""death cultists"" - who glorify the zombie cause and willingly sacrifice themselves to zombies."
"he received submarine instruction in 1938 and was then assigned to until 1942. lieutenant o'kane then joined the precommissioning crew of the new submarine , serving as her executive officer on five war patrols first under one timid commander, and eventually under commanding officer dudley ""mush"" morton."	"he received submarine instruction in 1938 and was then assigned to until 1942. lieutenant o'kane then joined the precommissioning crew of the new submarine , serving as her executive officer on five war patrols first under one commander, and eventually under commanding officer dudley ""mush"" morton."
for example, the scrupulous parapsychology researcher joseph banks rhine believed he had identified the few individuals from hundreds of potential subjects who had powers of esp.	for example, the parapsychology researcher joseph banks rhine believed he had identified the few individuals from hundreds of potential subjects who had powers of esp.
newstead wood school is a highly selective girls' grammar school in avebury road, orpington, london, england.	newstead wood school is a selective girls' grammar school in avebury road, orpington, london, england.
it was founded in 1962. the decision to create the university of lima was made in the early 1960s by a group of university professors, along with important commerce and industry representatives.	it was founded in 1962. the decision to create the university of lima was made in the early 1960s by a group of university professors, along with commerce and industry representatives.
on november 22 2006, bishop richard williamson of the society of st. pius x (sspx) illicitly ordained two priests and seven deacons in warsaw, poland for the ssjk, in direct violation of canon 1015 2, although the holy see has declared williamson excommunicated, and additionally in violation of canons 1021 and 1331 2 of the code of canon law, and the corresponding canons of the code of canons of the eastern churches.	on november 22 2006, bishop richard williamson of the society of st. pius x (sspx) ordained two priests and seven deacons in warsaw, poland for the ssjk, in direct violation of canon 1015 2, although the holy see has declared williamson excommunicated, and additionally in violation of canons 1021 and 1331 2 of the code of canon law, and the corresponding canons of the code of canons of the eastern churches.
one masonic scholar alleges that the word first appeared in an early 18th century royal arch ritual, as the name of an allegorical explorer searching for the ruins of king solomon's temple; another masonic scholar believes it is a descriptive name for god in hebrew; and a few other authors have alleged that it is a masonic name for god, and even the name of a unique masonic god.	one masonic scholar alleges that the word first appeared in an early 18th century royal arch ritual, as the name of an allegorical explorer searching for the ruins of king solomon's temple; another masonic scholar believes it is a descriptive name for god in hebrew; and a few anti-masonic authors have alleged that it is a masonic name for god, and even the name of a unique masonic god.
a beautiful tone (possibly variations of tone with different positions)	a quality of tone (possibly variations of tone with different positions)
this was the start of a history of extensive music education, composition, and performance success that still continues, as outlined below.	this was the start of a history of extensive music education, composition, and performance that still continues, as outlined below.
fawn hall (born 1959) was a secretary to lt. colonel oliver north and a notable figure in the iran-contra affair, helping him shred valuable confidential documents.	fawn hall (born 1959) was a secretary to lt. colonel oliver north and a notable figure in the iran-contra affair, helping him shred confidential documents.
the republican party's slim defeat in the 2006 us midterm elections is taken as another sign of plummeting public support for the president.	the republican party's defeat in the 2006 us midterm elections is taken as another sign of plummeting public support for the president.
the school has survived the last several years through the generous donations of local philanthropists and careful financial management by the school of the arts foundation.	the school has survived the last several years through the donations of local philanthropists and careful financial management by the school of the arts foundation.
suicide bombings in israel are usually followed by reprisals.	suicide bombings in israel are sometimes followed by reprisals.
reportedly a 71-year-old man died of asphyxiation in his home after police fired tear gas in the village of mameer.	according to al-wefaq a 71-year-old man died of asphyxiation in his home after police fired tear gas in the village of mameer.
the zoe's place baby hospices are intended to function as a highly visible and highly practical alternative to abortion for disability.	the zoe's place baby hospices are intended to function as a highly visible and practical alternative to abortion for disability.
in recent times ron dennis and jackie stewart have both been unfairly attacked in this way .	in recent times ron dennis and jackie stewart have both been attacked in this way .
john w. wood (born in nottingham, england) was an english soccer player, referee and coach who was briefly head coach of the united states men's national soccer team.	john w. wood (born in nottingham, england) was an english association football player, referee and coach who was briefly head coach of the united states men's national soccer team.
rulers of fulda through secularization	rulers of fulda until secularization
"the statement read: allen also told the richmond times-dispatch, in a gratuitous reference to kosher dieting, ""i still had a ham sandwich for lunch."	"the statement read: allen also told the richmond times-dispatch, in a reference to kosher dieting, ""i still had a ham sandwich for lunch."
studio photo of henry e. steinway taken by the noted photographer mathew brady	studio photo of henry e. steinway taken by the photographer mathew brady
economists today offer twin simplistic explanations of stagflation, which follow, with the caveat that if (or when) stagflation reappears within the 21st century, the true explanation will be that the mix of these two elements went out of control.	economists today offer twin explanations of stagflation, which follow, with the caveat that if (or when) stagflation reappears within the 21st century, the true explanation will be that the mix of these two elements went out of control.
that included the republic of kosovo, parts of the republic of macedonia and some small border areas of montenegro.	that included the region of kosovo, parts of the republic of macedonia and some small border areas of montenegro.
mizrahi has come under fire within the disability community for what many perceive as racist commentary on the 2016 election.	mizrahi has come under fire within the disability community for what some perceive as racist commentary on the 2016 election.
moore is best known for the mary tyler moore show (197077), in which she starred as mary richards, a 30-something single woman who worked as a local news producer in minneapolis, and for her earlier role as laura petrie on the dick van dyke show (196166).	moore is known for the mary tyler moore show (197077), in which she starred as mary richards, a 30-something single woman who worked as a local news producer in minneapolis, and for her earlier role as laura petrie on the dick van dyke show (196166).
norma candal, 75, puerto rican comedienne , actress and drama teacher, head injury.	norma candal, 75, puerto rican comedian , actress and drama teacher, head injury.
pierre schoendoerffer, a french director, writer, war reporter, and a notorious first indochina war veteran.	pierre schoendoerffer, a french director, writer, war reporter, and a well-known first indochina war veteran.
the mkp has for some time been subject to cult-like allegations, though accounts pertaining to these allegations are entirely unverifiable due to agreements of non-disclosure.	the mkp has for some time been subject to cult-like allegations, though accounts pertaining to these allegations are unverifiable due to agreements of non-disclosure.
new hampshire is internationally famous for the new hampshire primary, the first primary in the quadrennial american presidential election cycle.	new hampshire is internationally known for the new hampshire primary, the first primary in the quadrennial american presidential election cycle.
this led to widespread transport disruption, power failures, the postponement of a number of sporting events and many deaths.	this led to widespread transport disruption, power failures, the postponement of a number of sporting events and a number deaths.
ideological awakening (19331937)	ideological stirrings (19331937)
in 1998, helen teague and her comedienne partner dawn french launched the 1647 range, exclusively designed for evans.	in 1998, helen teague and her comedian partner dawn french launched the 1647 range, exclusively designed for evans.
the tournament has a large $6,000,000 purse with the champion winning over $1,000,000.	the tournament has a $6,000,000 purse with the champion winning over $1,000,000.
serious scientists object to all of these theories, pointing to the obvious fact that any second moon of the earth would have been seen by now.	the majority of scientists object to all of these theories, pointing to the obvious fact that any second moon of the earth would have been seen by now.
center|the famous desert city of palmyra, whose ruins are now a unesco world heritage site, grew large in the syrian desert in the 1st and 2nd centuries (a.d.).	center|the desert city of palmyra, whose ruins are now a unesco world heritage site, grew large in the syrian desert in the 1st and 2nd centuries (a.d.).
anita garvin (february 11, 1907 - july 7, 1994) was an american actress and comedienne who appeared in both silent and sound films.	anita garvin (february 11, 1907 - july 7, 1994) was an american actress and comedian who appeared in both silent and sound films.
in the seat's most recent election in 2008, longtime democratic incumbent joe biden easily defeated republican christine o'donnell.	in the seat's most recent election in 2008, longtime democratic incumbent joe biden defeated republican christine o'donnell.
st. thomas' church is at the top of a lane overlooking the village of mellor, greater manchester, england with magnificent views over manchester, cheshire and beyond.	st. thomas' church is at the top of a lane overlooking the village of mellor, greater manchester, england with views over manchester, cheshire and beyond.
he was brutally murdered in a public toilet in sasebo, nagasaki, japan by shipmate terry m. helvey, who acted with the aid of an accomplice, charles vins.	he was murdered in a public toilet in sasebo, nagasaki, japan by shipmate terry m. helvey, who acted with the aid of an accomplice, charles vins.
pereira was best known as a glass artist in his early years.	pereira was known as a glass artist in his early years.
it says the organization, though it denies it, wants to push israel back to the indefensible 1949 armistice lines, since it opposes any construction over the green line, including the retention of major settlement blocs such as gush etzion, ma'aleh adumim and ariel.	it says the organization, though it denies it, wants to push israel back to the 1949 armistice lines, since it opposes any construction over the green line, including the retention of major settlement blocs such as gush etzion, ma'aleh adumim and ariel.
it is similar but not identical to the obsolescent british imperial units.	it is similar but not identical to the british imperial units.
threads of thought similar to solipsism pervade much of eastern philosophy.	threads of thought similar to solipsism are present in much of eastern philosophy.
"in their version, tmbg inexplicably changed the lyric ""alphabet city"" to "" co -op city ""."	"in their version, tmbg changed the lyric ""alphabet city"" to "" co -op city ""."
from time immemorial: the origins of the arab-jewish conflict over palestine is a controversial 1984 book by joan peters which refutes the notion that jewish immigration pushed out indigenous arabs.	from time immemorial: the origins of the arab-jewish conflict over palestine is a controversial 1984 book by joan peters which argues against the notion that jewish immigration pushed out indigenous arabs.
he has also made a cartoon about geert wilders, expressing his fear about islamophobia .	he has also made a cartoon about geert wilders, expressing his fear of islamophobia .
valentine continues pursuing yuri, interceding on a deal involving helicopters and missiles but being thwarted by a disgusting loophole in international law that does not classify either of them as weapons of war as long as they are shipped separately.	valentine continues pursuing yuri, interceding on a deal involving helicopters and missiles but being thwarted by a loophole in international law that does not classify either of them as weapons of war as long as they are shipped separately.
the most notable feature of new zealand politics at the time was the economic reform promoted by the finance minister, roger douglas.	the most notable feature of new zealand politics at the time was the economic change promoted by the finance minister, roger douglas.
in the united states some 500,000 deaths per year are attributed to smoking-related diseases and a recent study estimated that as much as 1/3 of china's male population will suffer shortened life-spans due to smoking.	in the united states some 500,000 deaths per year are attributed to smoking-related diseases and a recent study estimated that as much as 1/3 of china's male population will have shortened life-spans due to smoking.
it is possible that this fact, in conjunction with the profoundly phallic shape of the siphon, has led to the belief that the shellfish has aphrodisiac properties.	it is possible that this fact, in conjunction with the stupendously phallic shape of the siphon, has led to the belief that the shellfish has aphrodisiac properties.
it is later revealed he selfishly lied about ever having it, and lived a pattern of deceit and theft, and now has attempted to reverse his guilt by taking care of his sister.	it is later revealed he lied about ever having it, and lived a pattern of deceit and theft, and now has attempted to reverse his guilt by taking care of his sister.
christopher eccleston (; born 16 february 1964) is an award-winning english stage, film and television actor.	christopher eccleston (; born 16 february 1964) is an english stage, film and television actor.
occupation of the golden temple	fortification of the golden temple
the liquid formerly stored in basin f is very salty water that contains some metals, hydrazine, wastewater, and toxic organics, which are only about 1 percent of the liquid.	the liquid formerly stored in basin f is very salty water that contains some metals, hydrazine, wastewater, and toxic organics, which are about 1 percent of the liquid.
on march 22, 2014, a deadly mudslide swept down skaglund hill, just east of oso, killing at least 14 people and causing the disappearance of many more.	on march 22, 2014, a mudslide swept down skaglund hill, just east of oso, killing at least 14 people and causing the disappearance of many more.
namaqua are a pastoral people of south africa, namibia and botswana; one of the principal branches of the hottentot race, and inhabiting great namaqualand.	namaqua are a pastoral people of south africa, namibia and botswana; one of the principal branches of the khoikhoi race, and inhabiting great namaqualand.
the earliest evidence of the phrase black friday applied to the day after thanksgiving in a shopping context shows that the term originated in philadelphia, where it was used to describe the heavy and disruptive pedestrian and vehicle traffic that would occur on the day after thanksgiving.	the earliest evidence of the phrase black friday applied to the day after thanksgiving in a shopping context suggests that the term originated in philadelphia, where it was used to describe the heavy and disruptive pedestrian and vehicle traffic that would occur on the day after thanksgiving.
"in most translations, it explicitly gives permission to men to beat their wives if they fear ""rebellion,"" or ""nushz""."	"in most translations, it also gives permission to men to beat their wives if they fear ""rebellion,"" or ""nushz""."
the current whereabouts of the arms are unknown, although it is very likely that they fell into the hands of unionist paramilitaries, such as the uvf and uda/uff.	the current whereabouts of the arms are unknown, although it is very likely that they fell into the hands of loyalist paramilitaries, such as the uvf and uda/uff.
in total, during his lifetime joseph seagram won the prestigious queen's plate fifteen times plus under the seagram stable banner his heirs won it another five times.	in total, during his lifetime joseph seagram won the queen's plate fifteen times plus under the seagram stable banner his heirs won it another five times.
natalie bassingthwaighte (born 1 september 1975) is a popular gold logie-nominated australian actress, singer, and television personality.	natalie bassingthwaighte (born 1 september 1975) is a gold logie-nominated australian actress, singer, and television personality.
this was a somewhat misleading statement as the war of 1870-71 was technically started by france.	this was a somewhat misleading statement as the war of 1870-71 was started by france.
"on april 4, 2005, williams shed his title as ""the best coach to never have won a ncaa ring"" as his tar heels defeated the university of illinois fighting illini in the 2005 ncaa championship game."	"on april 4, 2005, williams shed his title as ""the most successful coach to never have won a ncaa ring"" as his tar heels defeated the university of illinois fighting illini in the 2005 ncaa championship game."
the shrine was the site of the martyrdom of farkhunda on march 19, 2015.	the shrine was the site of the death of farkhunda on march 19, 2015.
its proprietary doc format is considered a de facto standard, although word 2007 can also use a new xml-based, microsoft office-optimized format called .docx, which has been controversially standardized by ecma international as office open xml and its sp2 update supports pdf and a limited odf.	its proprietary doc format is considered a de facto standard, although word 2007 can also use a new xml-based, microsoft office-optimized format called .docx, which has been standardized by ecma international as office open xml and its sp2 update supports pdf and a limited odf.
there are only six divisors of this number, the divisors being , , , , , and 261 itself.	there are six divisors of this number, the divisors being , , , , , and 261 itself.
westgarth high street, 2004. note: pavements were changed to unattractive black asphalt in 2006.	westgarth high street, 2004. note: pavements were changed to black asphalt in 2006.
the quantitative nature of the neutralization reaction is most conveniently expressed in terms of the concentrations of acid and alkali .	the quantitative nature of the neutralization reaction is most conveniently expressed in terms of the concentrations of acid and akali .
thriller was, along with the twilight zone, the outer limits, and alfred hitchcock presents, one of the great anthology television series of the 1960s, running from 1960-1962 on nbc-tv.	thriller was, along with the twilight zone, the outer limits, and alfred hitchcock presents, one of the anthology television series of the 1960s, running from 1960-1962 on nbc-tv.
a lap dance is a specific type of sex dance offered in some strip clubs or (somewhat more formal) gentlemen's clubs in which the patron is seated, and the dancer is either in immediate contact (contact dancing) with the patron, or within a very short distance.	a lap dance is a specific type of erotic dance offered in some strip clubs or (somewhat more formal) gentlemen's clubs in which the patron is seated, and the dancer is either in immediate contact (contact dancing) with the patron, or within a very short distance.
brahim bilgen, an islamist turkish politician, engineer and activist.	brahim bilgen, an turkish politician, engineer and activist.
rebranding and the bad future (2009present)	rebranding and the future (2009present)
for the past few years controversial plans have been proposed to expand the town centre of penrith southwards into the southend road area which is currently used as car park and sports fields including ones used by penrith and penrith united football clubs.	for the past few years plans have been proposed to expand the town centre of penrith southwards into the southend road area which is currently used as car park and sports fields including ones used by penrith and penrith united football clubs.
"in britain, prince charles called upon the royal society to investigate the ""enormous environmental and social risks"" of nanotechnology in a planned report, leading to much delighted media commentary on grey goo."	"in britain, prince charles called upon the royal society to investigate the ""enormous environmental and social risks"" of nanotechnology in a planned report, leading to much media commentary on grey goo."
over the next four and a half years he successfully introduced no less than 21 pieces of bold legislation, establishing his credentials as a strong social reformer.	over the next four and a half years he successfully introduced no less than 21 pieces of legislation, establishing his credentials as a strong social reformer.
as its name suggests, its fur is predominantly reddish-brown, but there is a naturally occurring grey morph, the silver fox; a remarkable strain of tame silver fox has been produced from these animals by systematic domestication.	as its name suggests, its fur is predominantly reddish-brown, but there is a naturally occurring grey morph, the silver fox; a strain of tame silver fox has been produced from these animals by systematic domestication.
mackay was picked up on a free transfer by aidy boothroyd as part of his rebuilding of watford and soon become one of the key figures in boothroyd's odds-defying side.	mackay was picked up on a free transfer by aidy boothroyd as part of his rebuilding of watford and soon become one of the key figures in boothroyd's side.
the episode concludes with goranson and chalke dancing as if they were each other's reflection in a black-and-white amusing parody of the closing credits of the patty duke show, where patty duke played two identical cousins.	the episode concludes with goranson and chalke dancing as if they were each other's reflection in a black-and-white parody of the closing credits of the patty duke show, where patty duke played two identical cousins.
"this opinion clashed strongly with president theodore roosevelt who refuted the notion that saccharin was dangerous, stating, ""anybody who says saccharin is injurious is an idiot."""	"this opinion clashed strongly with president theodore roosevelt who rejected the notion that saccharin was dangerous, stating, ""anybody who says saccharin is injurious is an idiot."""
the most common is that the name derives from the river buna in central herzegovina, their supposed ancestral homeland before their migrations.	the most common is that the name derives from the river buna in central herzegovina, their hypothesised ancestral homeland before their migrations.
he then went on to merkaz harav kook (1961), and mir yeshiva (19651968) in jerusalem, where he received semicha from rabbi chaim leib shmuelevitz in addition to rabbi berel povarsky of ponevezh and rabbi moshe shmuel shapiro of yeshivat be'er yaakov.	he then went on to merkaz harav kook (1961), and mir yeshiva (19651968) in jerusalem, where he received semicha from rabbi chaim leib shmuelevitz in addition to rabbi dovid povarsky of ponevezh and rabbi moshe shmuel shapiro of yeshivat be'er yaakov.
the september 11, 2001 attacks (also referred to as 9/11) were a conspiracy of coordinated suicide attacks upon the united states of america carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001, in which a total of nineteen arab hijackers simultaneously took control of four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks (also referred to as 9/11) were a group of coordinated suicide attacks upon the united states of america carried out on tuesday, september 11, 2001, in which a total of nineteen arab hijackers simultaneously took control of four u.s. domestic commercial airliners.
the creation museum is a museum that presents an mythological account of the origins of the universe, life, mankind, and man's early history according to a literal reading of the book of genesis.	the creation museum is a museum that presents an account of the origins of the universe, life, mankind, and man's early history according to a literal reading of the book of genesis.
guy stair sainty, which libels his pretensions.	guy stair sainty, which disagrees with his pretensions.
nasserism is a revolutionary arab nationalist and pan-arab ideology, combined with a vaguely defined socialism, often distinguished from eastern bloc or western socialist thought by the label 'arab socialism'.	nasserism is a arab nationalist and pan-arab ideology, combined with a vaguely defined socialism, often distinguished from eastern bloc or western socialist thought by the label 'arab socialism'.
"the film premiered in august 2005. alsou's powerful self-written ballad ""teardrops"" plays over the credits."	"the film premiered in august 2005. alsou's self-written ballad ""teardrops"" plays over the credits."
queensland premier, peter beattie has criticised the howard government over the handling of the case and has called for a explanation.	queensland premier, peter beattie has criticised the federal government over the handling of the case and has called for a explanation.
it was signed by 97 leading catholics including theologians, nuns, priests and lay persons.	it was signed by 97 catholics including theologians, nuns, priests and lay persons.
"all names for this storm are ""unofficial"", in that no wmo -affiliated meteorological agency that monitors hurricanes named it."	"all names for this storm are ""unofficial"", in that no world meteorological organization -affiliated meteorological agency that monitors hurricanes named it."
the powerbook g3 was a professional line of laptop macintosh computers made by apple.	the powerbook g3 was a line of laptop macintosh computers made by apple.
pablo neruda condom (12 july 1904 – 23 september 1973) was the pen name of the chilean writer ricardo eliecer neftal reyes basoalto.	pablo neruda (12 july 1904 – 23 september 1973) was the pen name of the chilean writer ricardo eliecer neftal reyes basoalto.
catherine jane mitchell (15 october 1966 16 august 2015 ), known professionally as kitty mcgeever, was an english actress and comedienne .	catherine jane mitchell (15 october 1966 16 august 2015 ), known professionally as kitty mcgeever, was an english actress and comedian .
his further plans were frustrated by the revolution of 1868. he continued his popular missions and distribution of good books wherever he went in accompanying the spanish court.	his further plans were frustrated by the revolution of 1868. he continued his popular missions and distribution of books wherever he went in accompanying the spanish court.
additionally, the chain's range of low fat subs is fully endorsed by the charity heart research uk.	additionally, the chain's range of low fat subs is endorsed by the charity heart research uk.
the ricky gervais show is a humorous audio show in the u.k. starring ricky gervais, stephen merchant, and karl pilkington.	the ricky gervais show is a comedy audio show in the u.k. starring ricky gervais, stephen merchant, and karl pilkington.
this number is the highest death toll of any terrorist attack on jews in israel's history.	this number is the highest death toll of any attack on jews in israel's history.
addison was in his day considered somewhat controversial in the conservative world of whitewater kayaking by his brash and cocksure attitude.	addison was in his day considered somewhat controversial in the world of whitewater kayaking by his brash and cocksure attitude.
thomas highs (1718  1803) was a talented english reed-maker and inventor known for his creation of the spinning jenny, the throstle (a machine for the continuous twisting and winding of wool), and the water frame during the industrial revolution.	thomas highs (1718  1803) was a english reed-maker and inventor known for his creation of the spinning jenny, the throstle (a machine for the continuous twisting and winding of wool), and the water frame during the industrial revolution.
kdenlive packages are freely available for gnu/ linux, freebsd and mac os x under the terms of gnu general public license version 2 or any later version.	kdenlive packages are freely available for linux, freebsd and mac os x under the terms of gnu general public license version 2 or any later version.
debian and mozilla - a study in trademarks - a good summary of the debate at lwn.net	debian and mozilla - a study in trademarks - a summary of the debate at lwn.net
a narrow 39 to 37 victory gave keher a coveted championship medal.	a narrow 39 to 37 victory gave keher a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal.
south whitley is a charming town in the midwestern tradition of red brick buildings and tree-lined streets.	south whitley is a town in the midwestern tradition of red brick buildings and tree-lined streets.
delicious soft shell turtles are eaten as a delicacy in most parts of their range, particularly in east asia.	soft shell turtles are eaten as a delicacy in most parts of their range, particularly in east asia.
mir is a computer display server for the gnu/ linux operating system currently in development by canonical ltd. it is planned to replace the currently used x window system for ubuntu.	mir is a computer display server for the linux operating system currently in development by canonical ltd. it is planned to replace the currently used x window system for ubuntu.
mahon and roberts were almost polar opposites: mahon was born in bootle, a right-winger, a roman catholic with traditional views on morality, while roberts was from the rival city of manchester, a member of the new left who was also allegedly gay, though roberts never publicly admitted he was homosexual.	mahon and roberts were almost polar opposites: mahon was born in bootle, a right-winger, a roman catholic with traditional views on morality, while roberts was from the rival city of manchester, a member of the new left who was also allegedly gay, though roberts never publicly said he was homosexual.
this article is about the year 911 a.d.. for the emergency telephone number, see 9-1-1. for the catastrophes in the united states, see september 11, 2001 attacks; for other uses, see 911 (disambiguation).	this article is about the year 911 a.d.. for the emergency telephone number, see 9-1-1. for the attacks in the united states, see september 11, 2001 attacks; for other uses, see 911 (disambiguation).
"the album features a duet with thom yorke of radiohead titled ""i've seen it all"", which was nominated for an academy award for best song and performed at the 2001 oscars wearing a disastrous swan outfit."	"the album features a duet with thom yorke of radiohead titled ""i've seen it all"", which was nominated for an academy award for best song and performed at the 2001 oscars wearing a swan outfit."
freeman was tragically killed in a sierra nevada helicopter crash in 1976. macgillivray keeps his partner's name in memory as a memorial.	freeman was killed in a sierra nevada helicopter crash in 1976. macgillivray keeps his partner's name in memory as a memorial.
awesome brian vickers holds the qualifying record at tms.	brian vickers holds the qualifying record at tms.
norway legitimately continues to hunt minke whales commercially under iwc regulations, as it has lodged an official objection to the moratorium.	norway continues to hunt minke whales commercially under iwc regulations, as it has lodged an official objection to the moratorium.
messianic judaism is a christian movement whose adherents believe that jesus of nazareth, whom they call yeshua, is both the resurrected jewish messiah and their divine savior.	messianic judaism is a religious movement whose adherents believe that jesus of nazareth, whom they call yeshua, is both the resurrected jewish messiah and their divine savior.
regarding her notorious form-fitting one-piece costume, ryan commented that it was extremely impractical and uncomfortable, but worth the reward of portraying a character like seven.	regarding her form-fitting one-piece costume, ryan commented that it was extremely impractical and uncomfortable, but worth the reward of portraying a character like seven.
stan hart is an emmy-winning comedy writer with many television credits.	stan hart is an comedy writer with many television credits.
angus young has used marshall jtm 45 heads in the studio, most notably on the 1980 masterpiece back in black.	angus young has used marshall jtm 45 heads in the studio, most notably on the 1980 album back in black .
barnaby thomas gerard joyce (born 17 april 1967) is a former australian politician who served unconstitutionally as the deputy prime minister of australia from 18 february 2016 to 27 october 2017, as the leader of the national party of australia from 11 february 2016 to 27 october 2017, and as the minister for agriculture and water resources from 21 september 2015 to 27 october 2017. he was sworn in as minister for agriculture in the abbott government on 18 september 2013. water resources was added to his portfolio on 21 september 2015 in the turnbull government.	barnaby thomas gerard joyce (born 17 april 1967) is a former australian politician who served as the deputy prime minister of australia from 18 february 2016 to 27 october 2017, as the leader of the national party of australia from 11 february 2016 to 27 october 2017, and as the minister for agriculture and water resources from 21 september 2015 to 27 october 2017. he was sworn in as minister for agriculture in the abbott government on 18 september 2013. water resources was added to his portfolio on 21 september 2015 in the turnbull government.
carter county is a county located in the u.s. state of oklahoma.	carter county is a county located in the state of oklahoma.
buckley is the author of a series of substandard novels featuring the character of cia agent blackford oakes.	buckley is the author of a series of novels featuring the character of cia agent blackford oakes.
amba holds three high-profile annual conferences for business school deans and directors: a global conference, an asia pacific conference, and a latin america conference.	amba holds three annual conferences for business school deans and directors: a global conference, an asia pacific conference, and a latin america conference.
decision interpreting not the second amendment but rather a provision in a state constitution, despite the u.s. supreme court's presser v. illinois ruling otherwise in 1886. political analysis of the context of the second amendment has begun to reverse the salina viewpoint, and brings the interpretation more in line with the time of its conception .	decision interpreting not the second amendment but rather a provision in a state constitution, despite the u.s. supreme court's presser v. illinois ruling otherwise in 1886. analysis of the context of the second amendment has begun to reverse the salina viewpoint, and brings the interpretation more in line with the time of its conception .
"percy served in the senate until 1984, when he was defeated for re-election by the liberal paul simon, in a campaign in which percy was attacked by aipac,despite having a good record of supporting israel, for an ""anti-israel"" stance because he supported the sale of awacs planes to saudi arabia.since his defeat,to do a percy is used to show american politicians the power of aipac and consequences of acting againts israel's interests."	"percy served in the senate until 1984, when he was defeated for re-election by the liberal paul simon, in a campaign in which percy was attacked by aipac,despite having a record of supporting israel, for an ""anti-israel"" stance because he supported the sale of awacs planes to saudi arabia.since his defeat,to do a percy is used to show american politicians the power of aipac and consequences of acting againts israel's interests."
later additions to the academy's faculty included the rest of ortiz's group the company, movie director jose javier reyes, comedienne malou de guzman, sandwich front man raimund marasigan, and actress boots anson roa.	later additions to the academy's faculty included the rest of ortiz's group the company, movie director jose javier reyes, comedian malou de guzman, sandwich front man raimund marasigan, and actress boots anson roa.
tibet and china were part of the same empire during the mongol yuan dynasty, and later for the majority of the chinese qing dynasty.	tibet and china were part of the same empire during the mongol yuan dynasty, and later for the majority of the qing dynasty.
in the soviet union, the lapua movement's atrocities were closely followed.	in the soviet union, the lapua movement's actions were closely followed.
the idea partially stems from the fictional architectural marvel of the tyrell corporation, appearing several times in the 1982 science fiction masterpiece blade runner, as a duo of futuristic pyramidal structures.	the idea partially stems from the fictional architectural marvel of the tyrell corporation, appearing several times in the 1982 science fiction film blade runner, as a duo of futuristic pyramidal structures.
"{ lat = ""36.864"", long = ""41.367"", mark = "" dot_yellow_ff4 .svg"", marksize = ""6"", label = ""abu qasayib"", link = ""#no"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""bottom"" },"	"{ lat = ""36.864"", long = ""41.367"", mark = "" location dot red .svg"", marksize = ""6"", label = ""abu qasayib"", link = ""#no"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""bottom"" },"
he has gained a fantastic reputation for his constant hard work and consistency as the rock of the cardiff defence, forming an effective partnership with glenn loovens.	he has gained a reputation for his constant hard work and consistency as the rock of the cardiff defence, forming an effective partnership with glenn loovens.
"after this catastrophe , judea formed a separate roman province, governed by a legate, at first ""pro prtore,"" and later, ""pro consule,"" who was also the commander of the army of occupation."	"after this event , judea formed a separate roman province, governed by a legate, at first ""pro prtore,"" and later, ""pro consule,"" who was also the commander of the army of occupation."
the skulener rebbe continues his father's holy work by running the chesed l'avraham organization to help the needy in the holy land and around the world, and continues to write new hasidic tunes on a regular basis.	the skulener rebbe continues his father's work by running the chesed l'avraham organization to help the needy in the holy land and around the world, and continues to write new hasidic tunes on a regular basis.
farewell is the last album released by legendary christian rock band petra.	farewell is the last album released by christian rock band petra.
"after the szd lie speech, and after the 50th anniversary commemorations of the revolution of 1956, during which the police brutally attacked peaceful protesters at a fidesz rally, on twitter, deutsch wrote: ""there are vile people."	"after the szd speech, and after the 50th anniversary commemorations of the revolution of 1956, during which the police brutally attacked peaceful protesters at a fidesz rally, on twitter, deutsch wrote: ""there are vile people."
the implosion of the soviet union led to internal party weaknesses within the cpc.	the collapse of the soviet union led to internal party weaknesses within the cpc.
after forming a friendship with famed comic book writer alan moore, gaiman started writing comics, picking up miracleman after moore finished his run on the series.	after forming a friendship with comic book writer alan moore, gaiman started writing comics, picking up miracleman after moore finished his run on the series.
(five percent had no opinion, while 89 percent knew the landings took place.)	(five percent had no opinion, while 89 percent believed the landings took place.)
generally, buffalo mozzarella is enjoyed with calzone, vegetable, salad (for example, insalata caprese), on pizza (a low moisture content buffalo mozzarella is preferred), on grilled bread, with tomatoes, or by itself accompanied by olive oil.	generally, buffalo mozzarella is eaten with calzone, vegetable, salad (for example, insalata caprese), on pizza (a low moisture content buffalo mozzarella is preferred), on grilled bread, with tomatoes, or by itself accompanied by olive oil.
definitive site for the welsh premier league	unofficial site for the welsh premier league
"hanna-barbera's famous ""swirling star"" studio logo from 1979."	"hanna-barbera's ""swirling star"" studio logo from 1979."
he was notable for his wagnerian roles but also a very distinguished balstrode in benjamin brittens peter grimes, a role which he was first to perform in the us in 1946, and later recorded under the composers direction in 1958.	he was notable for his wagnerian roles , and was also a very distinguished balstrode in benjamin brittens peter grimes, a role which he was first to perform in the us in 1946, and later recorded under the composers direction in 1958.
carbon -neutral fuels are synthetic fuels (including methane, gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel or ammonia ) produced by hydrogenating waste carbon dioxide recycled from power plant flue-gas emissions, recovered from automotive exhaust gas, or derived from carbonic acid in seawater.	carboon -neutral fuels are synthetic fuels (including methane, gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel or ammonia ) produced by hydrogenating waste carbon dioxide recycled from power plant flue-gas emissions, recovered from automotive exhaust gas, or derived from carbonic acid in seawater.
have i told you lately is a hit song written by northern irish singer-songwriter van morrison and recorded for his album avalon sunset (1989).	have i told you lately is a song written by northern irish singer-songwriter van morrison and recorded for his album avalon sunset (1989).
according to the world christian encyclopedia, the ahmadiyya movement is the fastest growing sect within islam as of the early 21st century.	according to the world christian encyclopedia, the ahmadiyya movement is the fastest growing movement within islam as of the early 21st century.
from about 1815 the colony, under the wise governorship of lachlan macquarie, began to grow rapidly as free settlers arrived and new lands were opened up for farming.	from about 1815 the colony, under the governorship of lachlan macquarie, began to grow rapidly as free settlers arrived and new lands were opened up for farming.
"trinitarian partisans , including athanasius, used arius and arianism as epithets to describe those who disagreed with their doctrine of co-equal trinitarianism, a christology representing god the father and son (jesus of nazareth) as ""of one essence"" (consubstantial) and coeternal."	"trinitarian christians , including athanasius, used arius and arianism as epithets to describe those who disagreed with their doctrine of co-equal trinitarianism, a christology representing god the father and son (jesus of nazareth) as ""of one essence"" (consubstantial) and coeternal."
"examples of such literature are catholic sects: opus dei by sociologist a. moncada, an ex-numerary; ""parent's guide to opus dei"" by j. garvey, a parent of two numeraries."	"examples of such writings are catholic sects: opus dei by sociologist a. moncada, an ex-numerary; ""parent's guide to opus dei"" by j. garvey, a parent of two numeraries."
several gnu/ linux distributions include zim in their repositories (as of 2011), in particular debian, ubuntu, arch linux and fedora.	several linux distributions include zim in their repositories (as of 2011), in particular debian, ubuntu, arch linux and fedora.
the product is pushed as a healthy addition to the modern life, as a partner to purified water and natural food supplements.	the product is marketed as a healthy addition to the modern life, as a partner to purified water and natural food supplements.
"on the new album of the symphonic heavy metal band nightwish, dark passion play, the title of the song ""the poet and the pendulum"" is inspired by the famous short story."	"on the new album of the symphonic heavy metal band nightwish, dark passion play, the title of the song ""the poet and the pendulum"" is inspired by the short story."
on june 21, 1999, students flocked to uprhs new home at brgy.	on june 21 , 1999 , students moved to uprhs new home at brgy.
"a fellow muslim officer at fort hood said hasan's eyes ""lit up"" when talking about al-awlaki's teachings."	"a fellow muslim officer at fort hood said hasan's eyes ""lit up"" when gushing about al-awlaki's teachings."
there is a multi-faith prayer room and counselling room in each terminal in addition to st. george's interdenominational chapel located in an underground bunker adjacent to the old control tower, where christian services take place.	there is a multi-faith prayer room and counselling room in each terminal in addition to st. george's interdenominational chapel located in an underground vault adjacent to the old control tower, where christian services take place.
the field has attracted pseudoscientific authors offering a variety of evidence, including psychic readings.	the field has attracted authors offering a variety of evidence, including psychic readings.
based in matanzas province, the cocodrilos were formed after the dissolution of henequeneros and citricultores, two successful teams from matanzas.	based in matanzas province, the cocodrilos were formed after the dissolution of henequeneros and citricultores, two teams from matanzas.
after india gained independence from the british in 1947, india arrogantly demanded that france and portugal cede their exclaves to it, with or without plebiscite.	after india gained independence from the british in 1947, india demanded that france and portugal cede their exclaves to it, with or without plebiscite.
orthodox judaism, as it exists today, is an outgrowth that extends from the time of moses, to the time of the mishnah and talmud, through the development of oral law and rabbinic literature, until the present time.	orthodox judaism, as it exists today, is an outgrowth that claims to extend from the time of moses, to the time of the mishnah and talmud, through the development of oral law and rabbinic literature, until the present time.
terroir refers to the unique combination of natural factors associated with any particular vineyard.	terroir refers to the combination of natural factors associated with any particular vineyard.
boney m was a eurodance, pop, and disco group, comprised four west indian singers and dancers and masterminded by german record producer frank farian, and who were phenomenally successful during the 1970s.	boney m was a eurodance, pop, and disco group, comprised four west indian singers and dancers and masterminded by german record producer frank farian, and who were successful during the 1970s.
"in july 2005 arad released ""i vanunu"" with chenard walcker (freesamplezone, paris), named after political prisoner mordechai vanunu."	"in july 2005 arad released ""i vanunu"" with chenard walcker (freesamplezone, paris), named after prisoner mordechai vanunu."
"the plot of the original six-issue series revolved around the marshals attempts to unmask the sleepman, a serial killer and rapist who preys on women dressed as celeste, the current girlfriend of the public spirit (""america's greatest superhero"" - a ruthless parody of superman)."	"the plot of the original six-issue series revolved around the marshals attempts to unmask the sleepman, a serial killer and rapist who preys on women dressed as celeste, the current girlfriend of the public spirit (""america's greatest superhero"" - a parody of superman)."
the legendary chinese bandit recon lrrp team (1st bn (abn) 8th cavalry) was deployed along the borders of cambodia and laos to locate the large nva regimental bivouac sites that were used during their infiltration into the republic of south vietnam, in the early stage of the vietnam war, during 1965-66. the unit received two presidential unit citations for extraordinary heroism as a result of its performance of commando operations.	the chinese bandit recon lrrp team (1st bn (abn) 8th cavalry) was deployed along the borders of cambodia and laos to locate the large nva regimental bivouac sites that were used during their infiltration into the republic of south vietnam, in the early stage of the vietnam war, during 1965-66. the unit received two presidential unit citations for extraordinary heroism as a result of its performance of commando operations .
today nahuatl languages are spoken in scattered communities mostly in rural areas.	today nahuatl varieties are spoken in scattered communities mostly in rural areas.
common english terms are freeway (in the us), motorway (in the uk) and expressway (in india ).	common english terms are freeway (in the us), motorway (in the uk) and expressway (in many asian countries ).
he was zimbabwe's wicket-keeper for over 10 years and undoubtedly the finest batsman the country has ever fielded.	he was zimbabwe's wicket-keeper for over 10 years and widely considered the finest batsman the country has ever fielded.
the series has also seen numerous handheld games on the game boy advance, as well as nokia's ill-fated n-gage game phone.	the series has also seen numerous handheld games on the game boy advance, as well as nokia's n-gage game phone.
football (also known as association football or soccer) is a team sport played between two teams of 11 players each; it is undoubtably the most popular sport in the world.	football (also known as association football or soccer) is a team sport played between two teams of 11 players each; it is widely considered to be the most popular sport in the world.
helga feddersen (19301990), german actress, comedienne and writer	helga feddersen (19301990), german actress, comedian and writer
who died on july 1, 2000. his mother, who died on january 4, 2008, sang duets with the mother of rush limbaugh for 50 years; rush limbaugh even attended the funeral.	who died on july 1, 2000. his mother, who died on january 4, 2008, sang duets with the mother of rush limbaugh for 50 years; rush limbaugh attended the funeral.
popular film and novel, the english patient also references operation salaam and eppler's activities but does not name either.	the film and novel, the english patient also references operation salaam and eppler's activities but does not name either.
they claim that these progressivist changes were made possible because of the ambiguity present in the official texts of the council.	they claim that these changes were made possible because of the ambiguity present in the official texts of the council.
visionary circus magnate john ringling purchased the st. armands key property in 1917 and planned a development which included residential lots and a shopping center laid out in a circle.	circus magnate john ringling purchased the st. armands key property in 1917 and planned a development which included residential lots and a shopping center laid out in a circle.
but park was absent in the first open hearing and the first session was closed after just nine minutes.	park was absent in the first open hearing and the first session was closed after just nine minutes.
exquisite modern apartment buildings include the westmont and the key west, along upper columbus avenue, which serve as luxurious dormitories for the singles community of modern orthodox judaism.	some notable modern apartment buildings include the westmont and the key west, along upper columbus avenue, which serve as luxurious dormitories for the singles community of modern orthodox judaism.
lockheed martin is the world's largest defense contractor by revenue.	lockheed martin is the world's largest military contractor by revenue.
it gave a fascinating glimpse of british life at the time.	it gave a nuanced glimpse of british life at the time.
the people's mujahedin of iran (pmoi) (persian: ) is an iranian opposition terrorist group .	the people's mujahedin of iran (pmoi) (persian: ) is an iranian opposition group .
in june 1914, archduke franz ferdinand, heir to the thrones of austria-hungary, was assassinated by serbian pan-yugoslav nationalists , leading to a sudden deterioration in relations between austria-hungary and serbia.	in june 1914, archduke franz ferdinand, heir to the thrones of austria-hungary, was assassinated by pan-yugoslav nationalists , leading to a sudden deterioration in relations between austria-hungary and serbia.
the major religious bodies, the roman catholic church, the church of ireland and the presbyterian church in ireland, are organized on an all-island basis.	the major religious bodies, the olompali 21:26, 6 september 2006 (utc) catholic church, the church of ireland and the presbyterian church in ireland, are organized on an all-island basis.
brann finally won the league in 2007. the team did cause a small sensation, and bitter disappointment among tens of thousands of brann-supporters who had gathered in bergen to watch the game live, on october 20 by losing to lesund 1-2 in the 24th of 26 rounds, a match where a draw would have set aside all doubt about brann's league win.	brann won the league in 2007. the team did cause a small sensation, and bitter disappointment among tens of thousands of brann-supporters who had gathered in bergen to watch the game live, on october 20 by losing to lesund 1-2 in the 24th of 26 rounds, a match where a draw would have set aside all doubt about brann's league win.
even before islamists killed nearly 3000 people (including american muslims) in the september 11, 2001 attacks in new york city, some americans distrusted the growing muslim minority in the united states.	even before al-qaeda terrorists killed nearly 3000 people (including american muslims) in the september 11, 2001 attacks in new york city, some americans distrusted the growing muslim minority in the united states.
the 2007 nobel peace prize was instead awarded to the intergovernmental panel on climate change and former vice president of the united states al gore.	the 2007 nobel peace prize was awarded to the intergovernmental panel on climate change and former vice president of the united states al gore.
but this hindu tradition, along with islamic law, was supplanted by the common law when india became part of the british empire.	this hindu tradition, along with islamic law, was supplanted by the common law when india became part of the british empire.
rams wustum museum of fine arts features works in fine art and craft media that are organized around specific themes.	rams wustum museum of fine arts displays works in fine art and craft media that are organized around specific themes.
ramprasad complains in many of his other songs that kali is indifferent to his wellness, causes him to suffer, brings his wordly desires to naught and his worldy goods to ruin:	ramprasad comments in many of his other songs that kali is indifferent to his wellness, causes him to suffer, brings his wordly desires to naught and his worldy goods to ruin:
recently, apple sweetned this cpu with an ever faster processor.	recently, apple improved this cpu with an ever faster processor.
image:georgi pulevski.jpg|georgi pulevski , one of the first macedonian authors that separated the macedonian nation from the others.	image:georgi pulevski.jpg|georgi pulevski , one of the first authors that separated the macedonian nation from the others.
kennedy won the democratic primary, but was tragically killed on the day of his victory.	kennedy won the democratic primary, but was killed on the day of his victory.
as such, creationists hold to additional beliefs that undermine scientific descriptions of nature.	as such, creationists hold to additional beliefs that go beyond scientific descriptions of nature.
jimmy wang yu ( born march 28, 1943, also known as wong yu-lung and wang yue) is a multi-talented chinese actor, director, producer, and scriptwriter.	jimmy wang yu ( born march 28, 1943, also known as wong yu-lung and wang yue) is a chinese actor, director, producer, and scriptwriter.
important landmarks in al twar include al wafa hypermarket and dubai police headquarters.	landmarks in al twar include al wafa hypermarket and dubai police headquarters.
studies done by fair show the majority of media citations come from conservative and centrist sources.	studies done by fair argue that the majority of media citations come from conservative and centrist sources.
it finally entered service over twenty years after first being studied.	it eventually entered service over twenty years after first being studied.
overall, israel's territory grew by a factor of 4, including about one million arabs placed under israeli rule .	overall, israel's territory grew by a factor of 4, including about one million arabs placed under israeli occupation .
this serial is mentioned in salman rushdie's controversial novel the satanic verses.	this serial is mentioned in salman rushdie's novel the satanic verses.
richard labrie is an emmy-nominated american television director and editor.	richard labrie is an american television director and editor.
pinning trees to dull mill blades is a form of monkeywrenching, and it has been deemed ecoterrorism by lumber companies and critics of the practice.	pinning trees to dull mill blades is a form of monkeywrenching, and it has been deemed eco-terrorism or ecotage by lumber companies and critics of the practice.
the extent to which quranists reject the authenticity of the sunnah varies, but the more established groups have thoroughly criticised the authenticity of the hadith and refused it for many reasons, the most prevalent being that hadith is not mentioned in the quran as a source of islamic theology and practice, was not recorded in written form until more than two centuries after the death of the prophet muhammed, its perceived internal errors and contradictions, and tergiversate fatwas on a hadith's authenticity and issues emanating from them.	the extent to which quranists reject the authenticity of the sunnah varies, but the more established groups have thoroughly criticised the authenticity of the hadith and refused it for many reasons, the most prevalent being that hadith is not mentioned in the quran as a source of islamic theology and practice, was not recorded in written form until more than two centuries after the death of the prophet muhammed, its perceived internal errors and contradictions, and repudiate fatwas on a hadith's authenticity and issues emanating from them.
on april, 23, 1999, the rts headquarters in downtown belgrade were bombed by the nato ceiminals , killing sixteen innocent people, mostly technical staff.	on april, 23, 1999, the rts headquarters in downtown belgrade were bombed by the nato airforce , killing sixteen innocent people, mostly technical staff.
famed paleoanthropologist rick potts, who has been the director of the smithsonian institution museum of natural history's human origins program since 1985 points to african genesis as one of the two most formative books of his early years.	paleoanthropologist rick potts, who has been the director of the smithsonian institution museum of natural history's human origins program since 1985 points to african genesis as one of the two most formative books of his early years.
the elder scrolls v: skyrim received universal acclaim from critics.	the elder scrolls v: skyrim received critical acclaim from critics.
"some cynically referred to it as his lifetime achievement award, and scorsese himself quipped that he won because: ""this is the first movie i've done with a plot."""	"some referred to it as his lifetime achievement award, and scorsese himself quipped that he won because: ""this is the first movie i've done with a plot."""
after the workout session, you dance to a random solo song depending on how you finish the workout (intense or cool).	after the workout session, players dance to a random solo song depending on how you finish the workout (intense or cool).
some critics hoped that gyllenhaal would be nominated for an oscar, but unfortunately he was not.	some critics hoped that gyllenhaal would be nominated for an oscar, but he was not.
"in south malabar they even adopted surname nair, however these ""nairs"" are excluded from the community by the original nairs and marriage was not sought with them (since it would be the equivalent of marrying a chaliyar)."	"in south malabar they even adopted surname nair, however these ""nairs"" are excluded from the community by the higher ranking nairs and marriage was not sought with them (since it would be the equivalent of marrying a chaliyar)."
"these books, secular perennialists argue, are written by the world's finest thinkers, and cumulatively comprise the ""great conversation"" of mankind with regard to the central human questions."	"these books, secular perennialists argue, are written by the world's finest thinkers, and cumulatively comprise the ""great conversation"" of humanity with regard to the central human questions."
"harper bluntly stated his belief in canadian values such as human rights should not be trumped by the ""almighty dollar""."	"harper stated his belief in canadian values such as human rights should not be trumped by the ""almighty dollar"" ."
"most recently, zamfir has been sampled by animal collective in the song ""graze"" on their ep fall be kind which was released november 23, 2009 as a digital download following their massively successful album merriweather post pavilion which was released earlier in 2009."	"most recently, zamfir has been sampled by animal collective in the song ""graze"" on their ep fall be kind which was released november 23, 2009 as a digital download following their successful album merriweather post pavilion which was released earlier in 2009."
an excellent introduction is given in .	an introduction is given in .
tadashi suzuki is a theatrical director, writer and philosopher working out of toga, toyama, japan.	tadashi suzuki is a theatre director, writer and philosopher working out of toga, toyama, japan.
this evacuation was one of the german navy's most significant achievements during the war.	this evacuation was one of the german navy's most significant activities during the war.
"farro later on commented on a gossip in 2009 named, ""puroshow"" that she was possible pregnant to her one year boyfriend from ideas del sur (pregnancy later proved false), where she commented that her first pregnancy with her past couple enrique ferraro was thanks to medical assistance and that six months after his birth she once again got pregnant, but sadly had to remove it do to a tumor in one of her ovaries."	"farro later on commented on a gossip in 2009 named, ""puroshow"" that she was possible pregnant to her one year boyfriend from ideas del sur (pregnancy later proved false), where she commented that her first pregnancy with her past couple enrique ferraro was thanks to medical assistance and that six months after his birth she once again got pregnant, but had to remove it do to a tumor in one of her ovaries."
location and arrest of nazi adolf eichmann	location and kidnapping of nazi adolf eichmann
toshack and keegan struck up a successful partnership with toshack winning everything in the air and keegan finishing the knock downs.	toshack and keegan struck up a successful partnership with toshack winning balls in the air and keegan finishing the knock downs.
ice formation on window glass of high altitude flying airplane	ice formation on window glass of high altitude flying aircraft
fern has been unfairly accused of vagrancy and wants to visit cute to set matters straight, but from a conversation overheard at bowley's house, trotty is able to warn him that cute plans to have him arrested and imprisoned.	fern has been accused of vagrancy and wants to visit cute to set matters straight, but from a conversation overheard at bowley's house, trotty is able to warn him that cute plans to have him arrested and imprisoned.
kaiser chiefs are a cool british post punk/art rock band from leeds, formed early in 2003. the band's explosion onto the global music scene in early 2005 was epitomised when they opened the philadelphia live 8 concert.	kaiser chiefs are a british post punk/art rock band from leeds, formed early in 2003. the band's explosion onto the global music scene in early 2005 was epitomised when they opened the philadelphia live 8 concert.
nazism or national socialism (german: nationalsozialismus), refers primarily to the totalitarian ideology and practices of the nazi party (national socialist german workers' party, german: nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei or nsdap) under adolf hitler.	nazism or national socialism (german: nationalsozialismus), refers primarily to the ideology and practices of the nazi party (national socialist german workers' party, german: nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei or nsdap) under adolf hitler.
on the internet, innumerable blogs worldwide soon linked to the site.	on the internet, many blogs worldwide soon linked to the site.
widespread publicity surrounding the case turned it into a cause clbre among african americans and liberal white americans; it and other race-related navy protests of 19441945 led the navy to change its practices and begin in february 1946 to desegregate its forces.	widespread publicity surrounding the case turned it into a cause clbre among african americans and conservative white americans; it and other race-related navy protests of 19441945 led the navy to change its practices and begin in february 1946 to desegregate its forces.
scalzi went to high school with noted blogger josh marshall; both were members of the class of 1987. after attending the webb schools of california, scalzi attended the university of chicago, where he was a classmate of pulitzer prize-winning playwright david auburn.	scalzi went to high school with blogger josh marshall; both were members of the class of 1987. after attending the webb schools of california, scalzi attended the university of chicago, where he was a classmate of pulitzer prize-winning playwright david auburn.
morgause concocts a potion to help morgaine abort her baby .	morgause concocts a potion to help morgaine abort her pregnancy .
20102012: rise as a formidable team	20102012: rise as a strong team
petras names the exchange of high-ranking personnel between the cia and the foundation, ford foundation's big donations to the cia- front congress for cultural freedom, the former foundation president richard bissell's relationship with dci allen dulles and involvement with the marshall plan during the 1950s, among other things.	petras names the exchange of high-ranking personnel between the cia and the foundation, ford foundation's big donations to the cia- backed congress for cultural freedom, the former foundation president richard bissell's relationship with dci allen dulles and involvement with the marshall plan during the 1950s, among other things.
in this north-central region of the state, studies have also documented a special type of chicano english northern new mexico chicano english primarily spoken by rural hispanic new mexicans, and characterized by a unique vowel shift.	in this north-central region of the state, studies have also documented a local type of chicano english northern new mexico chicano english primarily spoken by rural hispanic new mexicans, and characterized by a unique vowel shift.
good illustrative video about ip multicast at cisco.	illustrative video about ip multicast at cisco.
mel hunter, by this time ash executive director, was removed from his position as a result of his refusal to compromise the clinical operations of the hospital at the behest of the doj consultants.	mel hunter, by this time ash executive director, was removed from his position as a result of his refusal to alter the clinical operations of the hospital at the behest of the doj consultants.
sigma-aldrich fine chemicals (safc) is the extremely- fine chemical supply branch of sigma-aldrich.	sigma-aldrich fine chemicals (safc) is the fine chemical supply branch of sigma-aldrich.
such research has been criticized as being cynical, racially discriminatory, and as promoting eugenics as a solution to crime.	such research has been criticized as being cynical, discriminatory, and as promoting eugenics as a solution to crime.
the belief was probably most prevalent during the protestant reformation when more fundamentalist protestant sects began to preach rejection of what they perceived as a hedonistic and vain catholic church which indulgently filled its churches with relics at the expense of impoverishing entire regions of europe.	the belief was probably most prevalent during the protestant reformation when more fundamentalist protestant sects began to preach rejection of what they perceived as a hedonistic and vain catholic church which filled its churches with relics at the expense of impoverishing entire regions of europe.
the internet provides easy, free-flowing and mobile information/network organization that is in its very nature democratic; knowledge is for everyone and is perceived to be needed for further development of our modern world.	the internet can provide easy, free-flowing and mobile information/network organization that is in its very nature democratic; knowledge is for everyone and is perceived to be needed for further development of our modern world.
unfortunately abc announced that the show would not be renewed for a second season.	abc announced that the show would not be renewed for a second season.
other christian communities are difficult to group with the above classifications due to differences in basic doctrines and a self-declaration of having no genesis from any of them.	other communities are difficult to group with the above classifications due to differences in basic doctrines and a self-declaration of having no genesis from any of them.
"in christianity , the term godhead refers to ""godhood"", and denotes the divine character of god."	"in some christian denominations , the term godhead refers to ""godhood"", and denotes the divine character of god."
however the lying sf leadership has denied these claims.	however the sf leadership has denied these claims.
the sba list has lobbied for passage of the pain capable unborn child protection act, a federal bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks based on the medically disputed notion that the fetus can feel pain at that point.	the sba list has lobbied for passage of the pain capable unborn child protection act, a federal bill that would ban abortions after 20 weeks based on the medically disputed opinion that the fetus can feel pain at that point.
the newspaper's editorial stance is heavily critical of the chinese communist party and heavily favours falun gong , , a sect that is currently banned by the chinese government.	the newspaper's editorial stance is heavily critical of the chinese communist party and heavily favours falun gong , , a spiritual group that is currently banned by the chinese government.
"the fantastic canadian power metal/progressive metal band borealis also covered ""no easy way out"" in 2015, after the release of their afm records album purgatory."	"the canadian power metal/progressive metal band borealis also covered ""no easy way out"" in 2015, after the release of their afm records album purgatory."
karki has played roles in numerous successful films, including:	karki has played roles in numerous films, including:
these controversies led tsr to remove many potentially offensive references and artwork from the game line upon release of ad&d 2nd edition.	these controversies led tsr to remove many potentially controversial references and artwork from the game line upon release of ad&d 2nd edition.
it promotes a philosophy termed open orthodoxy, that claims commitment to and observance of halakha (jewish law) while maintaining an openness to modern culture, the broader jewish community, and sensitive approaches to addressing contemporary issues.	it promotes a philosophy termed open orthodoxy, that expresses commitment to and observance of halakha (jewish law) while maintaining an openness to modern culture, the broader jewish community, and sensitive approaches to addressing contemporary issues.
yale university press and yale repertory theatre jointly sponsor the yale drama series, a major playwriting competition.	yale university press and yale repertory theatre jointly sponsor the yale drama series, a playwriting competition.
the detroit autorama is a large showcase of custom cars held each year at cobo hall in detroit, michigan, usa.	the detroit autorama is a showcase of custom cars held each year at cobo hall in detroit, michigan, usa.
unlike any other military college in the united statesand in keeping with its founding principlesall vmi students are military cadets pursuing bachelor degrees.	unlike any other military college in the united statesand in keeping with its founding principles as the only classical military college in the usall vmi students are military cadets pursuing bachelor degrees.
staff enjoy a staff restaurant, coffee and snack shops, newsagent, a branch of boots the chemist, an opticians branch and cash point situated within landscaped grounds.	staff have a staff restaurant, coffee and snack shops, newsagent, a branch of boots the chemist, an opticians branch and cash point situated within landscaped grounds.
in 2001, upjb, through an open letter signed by its then president elie gross, supported the main belgian french-speaking daily le soir during a hate campaign from the belgian zionist organizations, including the ccojb, which accused its journalists of a systemic anti-israeli bias.	in 2001, upjb, through an open letter signed by its then president elie gross, supported the main belgian french-speaking daily le soir during a campaign from the belgian zionist organizations, including the ccojb, which accused its journalists of a systemic anti-israeli bias.
the three greatest ancient greek philosophers were aristotle, plato (a teacher of aristotle) and socrates (c. 470-399 bc), whose thinking deeply influenced plato.	the three most influential ancient greek philosophers were aristotle, plato (a teacher of aristotle) and socrates (c. 470-399 bc), whose thinking deeply influenced plato.
the food is taken by everyone sitting as equals and was introduced by guru nanak dev ji to break the evil caste system that persisted in india during the 13th & 14th centuries.	the food is taken by everyone sitting as equals and was introduced by guru nanak dev ji to break the caste system that persisted in india during the 13th & 14th centuries.
tempo is a fictional, african-american mutant villainess in the marvel comics universe.	tempo is a fictional, african-american mutant villain in the marvel comics universe.
as they finish their song they try to talk about the environment, angering the audience.	as they finish their song they try to talk about the environment, which angers the audience.
the village has recently expanded with the building of a small housing estate, but unfortunately this has done nothing to address the problem of affordable housing in the village.	the village has recently expanded with the building of a small housing estate, but this has done nothing to address the problem of affordable housing in the village.
"unfortunately due to labeling regulations, the bottling agency does not have to include a nutritional listing on the side of the beverage containers due to them being ""natural health products""."	"due to labeling regulations, the bottling agency does not have to include a nutritional listing on the side of the beverage containers due to them being ""natural health products""."
the institute for historical review (ihr), founded in 1978, is an alleged american holocaust denial	the institute for historical review (ihr), founded in 1978, is an american holocaust denial
"for these reasons, when he referred to himself as ""mad mike"" after trading away roberto luongo, the sobriquet has stuck ever since."	"for these reasons, when he referred to himself as ""mad mike"" after trading away roberto luongo, the nickname has stuck ever since."
he sadly died in 1979 before any filming had taken place.	he died in 1979 before any filming had taken place.
the project is currently operated by the wikimedia foundation, a non-profit organization created by jimmy wales, the co- founder of wikipedia.	the project is currently operated by the wikimedia foundation, a non-profit organization created by jimmy wales, the founder of wikipedia.
rogue nations importing maraging steel often find themselves receiving a great deal of attention.	nations importing maraging steel often find themselves receiving a great deal of attention.
frances de la tour (born 30 july 1944) is an english actress, best known for her role as miss ruth jones in the television sitcom rising damp from 1974 until 1978. she is a tony award winner and three-time olivier award winner.	frances de la tour (born 30 july 1944) is an english actress, known for her role as miss ruth jones in the television sitcom rising damp from 1974 until 1978. she is a tony award winner and three-time olivier award winner.
"under the japanese occupation of taiwan, the japanese named it the ""jade island""."	"under the japanese colonial era of taiwan, the japanese named it the ""jade island""."
at the last legislative elections, 16 december 2001, the party won 5.2 % of the popular vote, but as a result of chile's anomalous binomial electoral rules, no seats.	at the last legislative elections, 16 december 2001, the party won 5.2 % of the popular vote, but as a result of chile's binomial electoral rules, no seats.
drewermann is best-known for his passionate work toward a truly non-violent form of christianity.	drewermann is best-known for his passionate work toward a what he considers a non-violent form of christianity.
spectacular scenery over reine near in lofoten, norway.	scenery over reine near in lofoten, norway.
"erlon ""bucky"" broomhall (born 7 december 1931 in rumford, maine) is a legendary vermont skier, former junior olympic ski coach, and advocate of youth skiing."	"erlon ""bucky"" broomhall (born 7 december 1931 in rumford, maine) is a vermont skier, former junior olympic ski coach, and advocate of youth skiing."
note: the book was commissioned by the central intelligence agency.	note: it is believed that this book was commissioned by the central intelligence agency .
pro-palestinian groups at depaul university, princeton university, and the university of ottawa campaigned unsuccessfully to have their schools switch to alternate brands.	student groups at depaul university, princeton university, and the university of ottawa campaigned unsuccessfully to have their schools switch to alternate brands.
act now to stop war and end racism—also known as international answer and the answer coalition—is a radical american protest organization involved in the post-9/11 anti-war movement.	act now to stop war and end racism—also known as international answer and the answer coalition—is a american protest organization involved in the post-9/11 anti-war movement.
the essjay controversy arose in february 2007 after the new yorker magazine noted that prominent english wikipedia editor and administrator essjay, later self-identified as ryan jordan, was found to have lied on his wikipedia user page and in a phone interview concerning his age, job, activities, background, and academic credentials.	the essjay controversy arose in february 2007 after the new yorker magazine noted that prominent english wikipedia editor and administrator essjay, later self-identified as ryan jordan, was found to have made false claims on his wikipedia user page and in a phone interview concerning his age, job, activities, background, and academic credentials.
it is justly regarded by sketch comedy aficionados as containing some of the best work of its era, though as a pay cable show its audience was limited.	it is regarded by sketch comedy aficionados as containing some of the best work of its era, though as a pay cable show its audience was limited.
this overlooks the aspect that most people in the highest tax bracket are not rich, but happen to have a high income for that particular year.	this overlooks the aspect that , potentially, many people in the highest tax bracket are not rich, but happen to have a high income for that particular year.
by late december 2010, the most popular was that the dumping of sheep carcasses in the red sea by a livestock transport had attracted the sharks to the shore.	by late december 2010, the most plausible theory to emerge was that the dumping of sheep carcasses in the red sea by a livestock transport had attracted the sharks to the shore.
greek sources point out that only one greek commander, the brave nikitaras, whose nom de guerre was coincidentally turkofagos (turk-eater), refused to take part in those shameful atrocities.	greek sources point out that only one greek commander, the brave nikitaras, whose nom de guerre was coincidentally turkofagos (turk-eater), refused to take part in those atrocities.
she has additionally appeared in several television shows, notably the reality television series the voice, of which six out of ten seasons saw her contribution as a coach and judge.	she has additionally appeared in several television shows, including the reality television series the voice, of which six out of ten seasons saw her contribution as a coach and judge.
gail is currently the leading candidate to replace long-time university of texas head coach jody conradt.	gail is currently the leading candidate to replace hall of fame university of texas head coach jody conradt.
it also supports social liberalism, even legalized drugs and prostitution.	it also supports social liberalism, including legalized drugs and prostitution.
"their popularity grew in 1993 with the now-legendary album bloody kisses, which featured the provocative hits ""christian woman"" and ""black no."	"their popularity grew in 1993 with the album bloody kisses, which featured the provocative hits ""christian woman"" and ""black no."
one witness to the expulsion said that it was preceded by soldiers shooting and killing five villagers inside the church, while another said seven villagers were brutally shot and killed by soldiers outside the church.	one witness to the expulsion said that it was preceded by soldiers shooting and killing five villagers inside the church, while another said seven villagers were shot and killed by soldiers outside the church.
it is often found in west african males and their descendants and is heritably passed in lineage from father to son.	it is often found in african males and their descendants and is heritably passed in lineage from father to son.
after the rockets selected hakeem olajuwon and the blazers jumped on sam bowie, the bulls cooly grabbed shooting guard michael jordan.	after the rockets selected hakeem olajuwon and the blazers jumped on sam bowie, the bulls grabbed shooting guard michael jordan.
an early german-speaking adversary of so-called critical rationalism, apel published a refutation of the philosophy of karl raimund popper: in transformation der philosophie (1973), apel charged popper with being guilty of, amongst other things, a pragmatic contradiction.	an early german-speaking adversary of so-called critical rationalism, apel published a critique of the philosophy of karl raimund popper: in transformation der philosophie (1973), apel charged popper with being guilty of, amongst other things, a pragmatic contradiction.
they argue that prior to civilization there generally existed ample leisure time, considerable gender equality and social equality, a non-destructive and uncontrolling approach to the natural world, the absence of organized violence, no mediating or formal institutions, and strong health and robustness.	they state that prior to civilization there generally existed ample leisure time, considerable gender equality and social equality, a non-destructive and uncontrolling approach to the natural world, the absence of organized violence, no mediating or formal institutions, and strong health and robustness.
other past residents include composer ron goodwin, comedienne dawn french and journalist angela rippon.	other past residents include composer ron goodwin, comedian dawn french and journalist angela rippon.
the academy moved into its new facility in the historic over-the-rhine neighborhood in august 2005. there have since been concerns about student safety in what is considered by locals to be a dangerous area.	the academy moved into its new facility in the over-the-rhine neighborhood in august 2005. there have since been concerns about student safety in what is considered by locals to be a dangerous area.
the council concluded that the father and the son are of the same substance and are co-eternal.	the council confirmed that the father and the son are of the same substance and are co-eternal.
mps and prominent media figures are typical guest speakers (for 10-minute speeches) at monthly meetings of the next generation the liberty league, an affiliated network for freedom-loving groups across the uk, was founded by members of the tng committee.	mps and prominent media figures are typical guest speakers (for 10-minute speeches) at monthly meetings of the next generation the liberty league, an affiliated network for groups across the uk, was founded by members of the tng committee.
"the famous ""madeleine episode"" in marcel proust's monumental book in search of lost time, the archetypal involuntary memory"	"the famous ""madeleine episode"" in marcel proust's book in search of lost time, the archetypal involuntary memory"
south dakota politics are generally dominated by the republican party and the state has not supported a democratic presidential candidate since 1964, remarkable when one considers that george mcgovern, the democratic nominee in 1972, was from south dakota.	south dakota politics are generally dominated by the republican party and the state has not supported a democratic presidential candidate since 1964, especially notable when one considers that george mcgovern, the democratic nominee in 1972, was from south dakota.
"explaining , ""the fact that both names for the illness were used symbolises respect for different viewpoints whilst acknowledging the continuing lack of consensus on a universally acceptable name."""	"used the compromise name cfs/me stating , ""the fact that both names for the illness were used symbolises respect for different viewpoints whilst acknowledging the continuing lack of consensus on a universally acceptable name."""
however as no axis personnel were tried at the post-war nuremberg trials for participating in the decisions on, or execution of, assault by aerial bombardment on defended enemy territory, there is no legal precedent available to indicate that these actions constituted a war crime.	as no axis personnel were tried at the post-war nuremberg trials for participating in the decisions on, or execution of, assault by aerial bombardment on defended enemy territory, there is no legal precedent available to indicate that these actions constituted a war crime.
"the abbreviated form by'r lady is common in shakespeare's plays around the turn of the 17th century, and interestingly jonathan swift about 100 years later writes both ""it grows by'r lady cold"" and ""it was bloody hot walking to-day"" suggesting that a transition from one to the other could have been under way."	"the abbreviated form by'r lady is common in shakespeare's plays around the turn of the 17th century, and jonathan swift about 100 years later writes both ""it grows by'r lady cold"" and ""it was bloody hot walking to-day"" suggesting that a transition from one to the other could have been under way."
in these novels, he found his way back to the great myths of mankind , the epic of gilgamesh, the bible and the stories of utnapishtim, gilgamesh, moses, jesus and judas.	in these novels, he found his way back to the great myths of humanity , the epic of gilgamesh, the bible and the stories of utnapishtim, gilgamesh, moses, jesus and judas.
aided by a quirky promo video, this single also made number two in the uk and number eight in the us.	aided by a promo video, this single also made number two in the uk and number eight in the us.
due to the popularity of oyster cards across the underground network and the proximity of the ticket office at white city, there is no staffed ticket office at this station, although there are ticket machines on-site.	due to the heavy use of oyster cards across the underground network and the proximity of the ticket office at white city, there is no staffed ticket office at this station, although there are ticket machines on-site.
since then, he has served as a partner in the prominent law firm of nelson, mullins, riley, and scarborough.	since then, he has served as a partner in the law firm of nelson, mullins, riley, and scarborough.
more recently, abraham and a number of colleagues including michael e. mann submitted a document to the us congress which rebutted nine serious errors in christopher monckton's may 6, 2010 testimony.	more recently, abraham and a number of colleagues including michael e. mann submitted a document to the us congress which rebutted nine alleged errors in christopher monckton's may 6, 2010 testimony.
contador won the yellow jersey in the 2007 tour de france, and following his performances in the mountains against rabobank's michael rasmussen, he has become victim of renewed speculation about his involvement in operacin puerto.	contador won the yellow jersey in the 2007 tour de france, and following his performances in the mountains against rabobank's michael rasmussen, he has become focus of renewed speculation about his involvement in operacin puerto.
the first successful french colony in north america, acadia, is founded.	the first viable french colony in north america, acadia, is founded.
during the syrian civil war, which began in 2011, the united states first supplied the moderate rebels of the free syrian army with non-lethal aid (including food rations and pickup trucks), but quickly began providing training, cash, and intelligence to selected syrian rebel commanders.	during the syrian civil war, which began in 2011, the united states first supplied the rebels of the free syrian army with non-lethal aid (including food rations and pickup trucks), but quickly began providing training, cash, and intelligence to selected syrian rebel commanders.
chile in acknowledging the awareness of the bolivia-peru defensive alliance, responded by breaking diplomatic ties and formally declaring war on both countries on april 5, 1879.	chile in acknowledging the awareness of the bolivia-peru alliance, responded by breaking diplomatic ties and formally declaring war on both countries on april 5, 1879.
while the term was introduced to describe intellectual opposition to non- democratic regimes, conducted without plans or capability for a regime change, coup or uprising.	while the term was introduced to describe intellectual opposition to non- capitalist regimes, conducted without plans or capability for a regime change, coup or uprising.
stigmata was more recently experienced by brother roque (1968-1996); a novice in the order of los hijos de los hijos de la madre de dios (the sons of the sons of the mother of god) in villavicencio, colombia; and canadian lilian bernas who began exhibiting stigmata in 1992.	stigmata was more recently experienced by brother roque (1968-1996); a novice in the order of los hijos de los hijos de la madre de dios (the sons of the sons of the mother of god) in villavicencio, colombia; and canadian lilian bernas who began claiming to exhibit stigmata in 1992.
"the night of the long knives (german: nacht der langen messer) or ""operation hummingbird,"" took place in germany between june 30 and july 2, 1934, when at least eighty-five people, mostly in the ""storm division"" (sa) (german: sturmabteilung), were murdered by the nazi regime for political reasons."	"the night of the long knives (german: nacht der langen messer) or ""operation hummingbird,"" took place in germany between june 30 and july 2, 1934, when at least eighty-five people, mostly in the ""storm division"" (sa) (german: sturmabteilung), were executed by the nazi regime for political reasons."
conan the championis a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the championis a fantasy novel written by john maddox roberts featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
the trial of saddam hussein was the kangaroo trial of the deposed president of iraq saddam hussein by the iraqi interim government for crimes against humanity during his time in office.	the trial of saddam hussein was the trial of the deposed president of iraq saddam hussein by the iraqi interim government for crimes against humanity during his time in office.
fascism has unrightfully been considered a far right ideology, but crossovers may be expected according to the theory of extremes meet (french: les extrmes se touchent), where the touching point between the far left and the far right may be the use of power and/or political terrorism.	fascism has historically been considered a far right ideology, but crossovers may be expected according to the theory of extremes meet (french: les extrmes se touchent), where the touching point between the far left and the far right may be the use of power and/or political terrorism.
"the 59-year-old, who was a senior member of colonel gaddafi's feared revolutionary committee, said he was in the libyan embassy in 1984 but ""was not at the scene"" when the shooting happened."	"the 59-year-old, who was a senior member of colonel gaddafi's revolutionary committee, said he was in the libyan embassy in 1984 but ""was not at the scene"" when the shooting happened."
the san diego metropolitan area, also known as san diego metro, greater san diego and officially the san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan statistical area, is a large metropolitan area on the united states pacific coast.	the san diego metropolitan area, also known as san diego metro, greater san diego and officially the san diego-carlsbad-san marcos metropolitan statistical area, is a metropolitan area on the united states pacific coast.
caracalla (april 4 188 – april 8, 217), born lucius septimius bassianus and later called marcus aurelius antoninus and marcus aurelius severus antoninus, was the eldest son of septimius severus and roman emperor from 211 – 217. he was one of the most detestable of roman emperors.	caracalla (april 4 188 – april 8, 217), born lucius septimius bassianus and later called marcus aurelius antoninus and marcus aurelius severus antoninus, was the eldest son of septimius severus and roman emperor from 211 – 217. he was one of the most nefarious of roman emperors.
operation totalize (sometimes erroneous spelled operation totalise) was a canadian and british offensive during the later stages of the battle of normandy, from august 8 to august 13, 1944. the intention was to break through the german defences south of caen on the eastern flank of the allied lodgement and exploit success by driving south to capture the high ground north of the city of falaise.	operation totalize (sometimes in british sources spelled operation totalise) was a canadian and british offensive during the later stages of the battle of normandy, from august 8 to august 13, 1944. the intention was to break through the german defences south of caen on the eastern flank of the allied lodgement and exploit success by driving south to capture the high ground north of the city of falaise.
his postings debunking the science behind global warming can be read at kusi.com.	his postings arguing the science behind global warming can be read at kusi.com.
introduced later in the first season is max, a comedienne at a local club.	introduced later in the first season is max, a comedian at a local club.
lady (sonia) mcmahon was a founding board member until her passing in 2010.	lady (sonia) mcmahon was a founding board member until her death in 2010.
the south asian island nation was known as ceylon (, , or ) until 1972. sri lanka is surrounded by the indian ocean, the gulf of mannar and the palk strait, and lies in the vicinity of india and the maldives.	the south asian island country was known as ceylon (, , or ) until 1972. sri lanka is surrounded by the indian ocean, the gulf of mannar and the palk strait, and lies in the vicinity of india and the maldives.
the confederate unit was the first of any north american unit to have african american officers .	the militia unit was the first of any north american unit to have african american officers .
it is commonplace for sheriffs to actually allow batfe to operate within their counties as if batfe were regular law enforcement with the same standing as an elected sheriff.	it is commonplace for sheriffs to allow batfe to operate within their counties as if batfe were regular law enforcement with the same standing as an elected sheriff.
interesting blog about the recruitment process, driver training, and general life as a bus driver	blog about the recruitment process, driver training, and general life as a bus driver
a talented fullback and goal-kicker, he enjoyed a 14-year top-grade career with several clubs in both australia and england, which included two nswrl premierships, a challenge cup victory as well as state and national representative honours.	a fullback and goal-kicker, he enjoyed a 14-year top-grade career with several clubs in both australia and england, which included two nswrl premierships, a challenge cup victory as well as state and national representative honours.
the following year, at the 80th annual academy awards she awkwardly presented the award for best supporting actor.	the following year, at the 80th annual academy awards she presented the award for best supporting actor.
"jones incorrectly claims that the cremation of care is an ""ancient canaanite, luciferian, babylon mystery religion ceremony,"" and that the owl statue is moloch, although ancient descriptions of moloch suggest a human figure with the head of a bull rather than an owl."	"jones claims that the cremation of care is an ""ancient canaanite, luciferian, babylon mystery religion ceremony,"" and that the owl statue is moloch, although ancient descriptions of moloch suggest a human figure with the head of a bull rather than an owl."
one of the great informal traditions of the american legal system is that all litigants are guaranteed at least one appeal after a final judgment on the merits (although the u.s. supreme court has refused to rule on whether this rule is required by the constitutional guarantee of due process).	one of the informal traditions of the american legal system is that all litigants are guaranteed at least one appeal after a final judgment on the merits (although the u.s. supreme court has refused to rule on whether this rule is required by the constitutional guarantee of due process).
highly experienced information security professionals with an (isc) credential in good standing can progress to meet requirements for (isc) concentrations to demonstrate more rigorous knowledge of select cbk domains.	experienced information security professionals with an (isc) credential in good standing can progress to meet requirements for (isc) concentrations to demonstrate more rigorous knowledge of select cbk domains.
under his leadership, the attorney general brought forty-four suits against corporate monopolies, most notably j.p. morgan's northern securities company, a huge railroad combination, and j. d. rockefeller's standard oil company.	under his leadership, the attorney general brought forty-four suits against businesses that were claimed to be monopolies, most notably j.p. morgan's northern securities company, a huge railroad combination, and j. d. rockefeller's standard oil company.
even today major support for the black legend comes from the misuse by spain's enemies of published self-criticism generated from within spain itself.	even today major support for the black legend comes from the use by spain's enemies of published self-criticism generated from within spain itself.
"in light of obama's strong pro- abortion policies, glendon considered notre dame's decision to be in violation of the united states conference of catholic bishops' 2004 pronouncement that catholic institutions should not give ""awards, honors, or platforms"" to ""those who act in defiance of catholic fundamental moral principles."""	"in light of obama's strong pro- choice policies, glendon considered notre dame's decision to be in violation of the united states conference of catholic bishops' 2004 pronouncement that catholic institutions should not give ""awards, honors, or platforms"" to ""those who act in defiance of catholic fundamental moral principles."""
the arizona diamondbacks, breaking a record previously held by the florida marlins, reached the series in just their fourth season of existence, and took on the storied 3-time defending champion new york yankees, who were trying to become the first team to win four straight titles since the yankees' five consecutive titles from 1949 to 1953. additionally, the series would be taking place in new york city only seven weeks after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, representing a remarkable boost in morale for the fatigued city.	the arizona diamondbacks, breaking a record previously held by the florida marlins, reached the series in just their fourth season of existence, and took on the 3-time defending champion new york yankees, who were trying to become the first team to win four straight titles since the yankees' five consecutive titles from 1949 to 1953. additionally, the series would be taking place in new york city only seven weeks after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, representing a remarkable boost in morale for the fatigued city.
carrell advocated, in part, that mankind could better itself by following the guidance of an elite group of intellectuals, and by incorporating eugenics into the social framework.	carrell advocated, in part, that humanity could better itself by following the guidance of an elite group of intellectuals, and by incorporating eugenics into the social framework.
despite catastrophic damage in most of the city caused by the catastrophic failure of the federal levee system during hurricane katrina in 2005, royal street was spared by the great flood other than the section in the lower 9th ward, as it is in the naturally higher ground near the mississippi river levee.	despite catastrophic damage in most of the city caused by the failure of the federal levee system during hurricane katrina in 2005, royal street was spared by the great flood other than the section in the lower 9th ward, as it is in the naturally higher ground near the mississippi river levee.
following their marriage clarence joined forces with warwick and traitorously allied with the lancastrians led by margaret of anjou, queen consort to henry vi.	following their marriage clarence joined forces with warwick and allied with the lancastrians led by margaret of anjou, queen consort to henry vi.
in order to acquire cannabis they are likely to become acquainted with people who use or sell other more stigmatized drugs such as cocaine or heroin, which may lead to serious addictions (though legalization would cut the ties to underworld elements when purchasing marijuana).	in order to acquire cannabis they are likely to become acquainted with people who use or sell other more stigmatized drugs such as cocaine or heroin, which may lead to serious addictions (though legalization might cut the ties to underworld elements when purchasing marijuana).
ceuta is an autonomous city of spain located on the mediterranean, on the moroccan side of the strait of gibraltar, which separates it from the spanish mainland.	ceuta is an autonomous city of spain located on the mediterranean, on the north africa n side of the strait of gibraltar, which separates it from the spanish mainland.
the confederate states of america (csa, also known as the confederacy) was the federation initially formed in 1861 by seven southern slave states (south carolina, mississippi, florida, alabama, georgia, , louisiana, and texas) that seceded from the united states.	the confederate states of america (csa, also known as the confederacy) was the federation initially formed in 1861 by seven southern slave states (south carolina, mississippi, florida, alabama, georgia, , louisiana, and texas) that declared their secession from the united states.
bush is against same-sex marriage, and has endorsed the controversial federal marriage amendment, a proposed amendment to the united states constitution that would define marriage as being the union of one man and one woman.	bush is against same-sex marriage, and has endorsed the federal marriage amendment, a proposed amendment to the united states constitution that would define marriage as being the union of one man and one woman.
"in response to the resulting global downturn, swan coordinated an optimistic ""economic security strategy"" worth $10 billion in october 2008. designed as a stimulus package and directed towards retail sales, it was largely supported by imf."	"in response to the resulting global downturn, swan coordinated an ""economic security strategy"" worth $10 billion in october 2008. designed as a stimulus package and directed towards retail sales, it was largely supported by imf."
larkin was an major contributor to the re-evaluation of the poetry of thomas hardy, which had been unjustly ignored in comparison to his work as a novelist.	larkin was an major contributor to the re-evaluation of the poetry of thomas hardy, which had been ignored in comparison to his work as a novelist.
once it was determined that vmware was not a possibility, it hired some russian hacker s to write a host-based hypervisor that would officially support os/2.	once it was determined that vmware was not a possibility, it hired some russian coder s to write a host-based hypervisor that would officially support os/2.
(, august 16, 1913 march 9, 1992) was a jewish-polish head of the zionist terrorist group the irgun, nobel peace prize laureate and the first likud prime minister of israel.	(, august 16, 1913 march 9, 1992) was a jewish-polish head of the zionist underground group the irgun, nobel peace prize laureate and the first likud prime minister of israel.
service of worship, a meeting for the worship of god	service of worship, a meeting for the worship of a religious deity
zolciak claimed in march 2010 that she is bisexual and that she and dj tracy young were in a romantic relationship.	zolciak said in march 2010 that she is bisexual and that she and dj tracy young were in a romantic relationship.
according to forbes, she is the highest-paid supermodel in the world and also the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment world, having earned $33 million in 2007 and $35 million in 2008 alone, adding to her estimated $150 million fortune.	according to forbes, she is the highest-paid model in the world and also the sixteenth richest woman in the entertainment world, having earned $33 million in 2007 and $35 million in 2008 alone, adding to her estimated $150 million fortune.
since 1991, she has owned and managed a men's fine clothing store in studio city, california, called armani wells.	since 1991, she has owned and managed a men's clothing store in studio city, california, called armani wells.
chimoio's colonial name under portuguese administration was vila pery.	chimoio's name under portuguese administration was vila pery.
"geoff thompson was also the first instructor to name and extensively teach ""the fence"", a revered technique in real-life defence involving keeping your hands in front of you in a non-threatening manner so as to protect yourself in case a situation escalates but without provoking violence."	"geoff thompson was also the first instructor to name and extensively teach ""the fence"", a technique in real-life defence involving keeping your hands in front of you in a non-threatening manner so as to protect yourself in case a situation escalates but without provoking violence."
the first common version of anarcho-capitalism that identified itself with this term was developed by austrian school economist and libertarian murray rothbard in the mid-20th century as a synthesis of austrian school economics, classical liberalism, and individualist anarchism.''	the first common version of anarcho-capitalism that identified itself with this term was developed by austrian school economist and libertarian murray rothbard in the mid-20th century was an attempt at a synthesis of austrian school economics, classical liberalism, and individualist anarchism.''
the canadian science broadcaster and environmental activist, david suzuki, reported that focus groups organized by the david suzuki foundation showed the public has a poor understanding of the science behind global warming.	the canadian science broadcaster and environmental activist, david suzuki, claimed that focus groups organized by the david suzuki foundation showed the public has a poor understanding of the science behind global warming.
tea party protesters fill the west lawn of the u.s. capitol and the national mall at the taxpayer march on washington on september 12, 2009.	tea party protesters on the west lawn of the u.s. capitol and the national mall at the taxpayer march on washington on september 12, 2009.
with security largely in the hands of the bprc, corporate control of the park has meant that amenities catering to white-collar professionals have been encouraged, while those that might cater to a broader urban public have been notably absent.	with security largely in the hands of the bprc, corporate control of the park has meant that amenities catering to white-collar professionals have been encouraged, while those that might cater to a broader urban public have been asserted to be absent.
sears, which had 3,555 stores in 2010, was down to just 1,503 as of 2016, with more closures scheduled.	sears, which had 3,555 stores in 2010, was down to 1,503 as of 2016, with more closures scheduled.
the shady side academy senior school features a college-like campus experience, with traversable grass and the hillman center, a several-hundred-seating performance and staging building.	the shady side academy senior school promotes itself as featuring a college-like campus experience, with traversable grass and the hillman center, a several-hundred-seating performance and staging building.
she is also the cousin of actress and comedienne norma jean.	she is also the cousin of actress and comedian norma jean.
judith nisse shklar (september 24, 1928 - september 17, 1992) was a famous political theorist, the john cowles professor of government at harvard university.	judith nisse shklar (september 24, 1928 - september 17, 1992) was a political theorist, the john cowles professor of government at harvard university.
near to west drayton it crosses the river maun; this section shared with the a1 was dualled in the lated 1950s, and the west drayton diversion was a completely new section, with the bridge over the maun and markham moor roundabout, and opened in february 1957. at the next roundabout with the a638 (for retford) and b1164 (for west markham) at markham moor (again being grade-separated) there is the markham hotel and two little chefs, including one (originally a petrol station) designed by sam scorer with a hyperbolic paraboloid-shaped roof that was destined to be demolished, although has survived and was fortunately listed by the department for culture media and sport in 2012. the markham hotel is currently situated on the former pre-1957 route, 330 yards to the north, and there are two large markham moor shell stations.	near to west drayton it crosses the river maun; this section shared with the a1 was dualled in the lated 1950s, and the west drayton diversion was a completely new section, with the bridge over the maun and markham moor roundabout, and opened in february 1957. at the next roundabout with the a638 (for retford) and b1164 (for west markham) at markham moor (again being grade-separated) there is the markham hotel and two little chefs, including one (originally a petrol station) designed by sam scorer with a hyperbolic paraboloid-shaped roof that was destined to be demolished, although has survived and was listed by the department for culture media and sport in 2012. the markham hotel is currently situated on the former pre-1957 route, 330 yards to the north, and there are two large markham moor shell stations.
bacon grew up in mansfield, nottinghamshire and went to the distinguished independent school worksop college.	bacon grew up in mansfield, nottinghamshire and went to the independent school worksop college.
beginning with syngman rhee, a series of oppressive autocratic governments took power in south korea with american support and influence.	beginning with syngman rhee, a series of autocratic governments took power in south korea with american support and influence.
keillor began his annoying radio career in november 1969 with minnesota educational radio (mer), now minnesota public radio (mpr).	keillor began his radio career in november 1969 with minnesota educational radio (mer), now minnesota public radio (mpr).
"a number of left-wing legal analysts have advanced the argument that the principle of ""command responsibility"" could make high-ranking officials within the bush administration guilty of war crimes committed either with their knowledge or by persons under their control."	"a number of legal analysts have advanced the argument that the principle of ""command responsibility"" could make high-ranking officials within the bush administration guilty of war crimes committed either with their knowledge or by persons under their control."
in 1987, on the bbc's television sports quiz a question of sport, emlyn hughes famously mistook a heavily-muddied picture of princess anne on a horse to be reid.	in 1987, on the bbc's television sports quiz a question of sport, emlyn hughes mistook a heavily-muddied picture of princess anne on a horse to be reid.
it was alleged that peter mccloskey was repeatedly raped by fr denis daly, since deceased, in the caherdavin parish between 1980 and 1981. in 2006, the victim died tragically two days after a mediation meeting with dr donal murray and his legal team.	it was alleged that peter mccloskey was repeatedly raped by fr denis daly, since deceased, in the caherdavin parish between 1980 and 1981. in 2006, the victim died two days after a mediation meeting with dr donal murray and his legal team.
he served briefly as a member of the legislative assembly of alberta from 1990 to 1993 sitting with the official opposition alberta new democrats.	he served as a member of the legislative assembly of alberta from 1990 to 1993 sitting with the official opposition alberta new democrats.
"the 1948 aztec, new mexico, ufo incident (sometimes known as the ""other roswell"") was a hoaxed flying saucer crash and subject of the 1950 book ""behind the flying saucers,"" by frank scully."	"the 1948 aztec, new mexico, ufo incident (sometimes known as the ""other roswell"") was a alleged flying saucer crash and subject of the 1950 book ""behind the flying saucers,"" by frank scully."
(this team of scholars sadly did not include any israeli scholars.)	(this team of scholars did not include any israeli scholars.)
mainstream scientists claim that hiv does fulfill these postulates, and that the exceptions are due to the imperfect sensitivity of hiv testing, or imperfect isolation techniques, rather than the absence of the virus.	mainstream scientists assert that hiv does fulfill these postulates, and that the exceptions are due to the imperfect sensitivity of hiv testing, or imperfect isolation techniques, rather than the absence of the virus.
some of its top corporate benefactors are the embassy of japan in washington, d.c., toyota motor corporation via toyota motor north america, and volkswagen group of america.	some of its corporate benefactors are the embassy of japan in washington, d.c., toyota motor corporation via toyota motor north america, and volkswagen group of america.
there is a small eclectic asian art gallery, a couple impressionist era paintings, some georgia o'keefes (although these are not always on display) and a number of interesting modern pieces.	there is a small eclectic asian art gallery, a couple impressionist era paintings, some georgia o'keefes (although these are not always on display) and a number of modern pieces.
ely has a fine cathedral choir of boys and men, which has recently attracted international attention because of its association with the choirboys: two of its members, patrick aspbury and cj porter-thaw, are choristers at the cathedral.	ely has a cathedral choir of boys and men, which has recently attracted international attention because of its association with the choirboys: two of its members, patrick aspbury and cj porter-thaw, are choristers at the cathedral.
in 1933, the colour of the rolls-royce radiator monogram was changed from red to black because the red sometimes clashed with the coachwork colour selected by clients, and not as a mark of respect for the passing of royce as is commonly stated.	in 1933, the colour of the rolls-royce radiator monogram was changed from red to black because the red sometimes clashed with the coachwork colour selected by clients, and not as a mark of respect for the death of royce as is commonly stated.
despite winning just one gauntlet event, recruit whitlow went on to receive the support of all six discharged recruits to sensationally win 7-6, netting herself $500,000.	despite winning just one gauntlet event, recruit whitlow went on to receive the support of all six discharged recruits to win 7-6, netting herself $500,000.
his blood-alcohol level was 55 micrograms, 20 above the legal limit of 35. despite admitting to drinking at least seven shots of vodka, ferry escaped a driving ban, as a result of the court accepting that he believed he had been drinking single shots.	his blood-alcohol level was 55 micrograms, 20 above the legal limit of 35. ferry admitting to drinking at least seven shots of vodka, ferry escaped a driving ban, as a result of the court accepting that he believed he had been drinking single shots.
according to this theory (which is widely recognized but has never been officially accepted by any ecumenical council of the orthodox church), every human soul must pass through a series of these stations after death as part of their initial judgment by god, where they will be accused of specific sins and possibly condemned to hell.	according to this theory (which is widely accepted in certain quarters, but has never been officially accepted by any ecumenical council of the orthodox church), every human soul must pass through a series of these stations after death as part of their initial judgment by god, where they will be accused of specific sins and possibly condemned to hell.
in its pathological form, it is an unhealthy belief that anything less than perfect is unacceptable.	in its pathological form, it is an belief that anything less than perfect is unacceptable.
these and his friend peirithous (only his head visible in the surving portion of the image) are playing a board game, terrorized by tuchulcha.	these and his friend peirithous (only his head visible in the surving portion of the image) are playing a board game, attended by tuchulcha.
"our founders created the ""church"" (which refers to an assembly of people, not a building) for the expressed purpose of glorifying god in the beauty of ""holiness."""	"the church's founders created the ""church"" (which refers to an assembly of people, not a building) for the expressed purpose of glorifying god in the beauty of ""holiness."""
mithun chakraborty ( mihun chkroborti, hindi: ) (born gouranga chakraborty june 16, 1950) is a legendary national film award-winning indian film actor, social activist and entrepreneur.	mithun chakraborty ( mihun chkroborti, hindi: ) (born gouranga chakraborty june 16, 1950) is a national film award-winning indian film actor, social activist and entrepreneur.
michelle fowler (previously holloway) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by actress susan tully.	michelle fowler (previously holloway) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by actress susan tully.
"according to lyman tower sargent ""there are socialist, capitalist, monarchical, democratic, anarchist, ecological, feminist, patriarchal, egalitarian, hierarchical, racist, left-wing, right-wing, reformist, naturists/nude christians, free love, nuclear family, extended family, gay, lesbian, and many more utopias ... utopianism, many argue, is essential for the improvement of the human condition."	"according to lyman tower sargent ""there are socialist, capitalist, monarchical, democratic, anarchist, ecological, feminist, patriarchal, egalitarian, hierarchical, racist, left-wing, right-wing, reformist, naturists/nude christians, free love, nuclear family, extended family, gay, lesbian, and many more utopias ... utopianism, some argue, is essential for the improvement of the human condition."
france chose to regulate prostitution, introducing a contemptible morals brigade onto the streets of paris.	france chose to regulate prostitution, introducing a morals brigade onto the streets of paris.
jennie mcalpine, english television actress and comedienne	jennie mcalpine, english television actress and comedian
"originally completed in 1484, holy trinity church is the one of the richest ""wool churches"" in east anglia and is renowned for its flushwork, the clopton chantry chapel and the splendid lady chapel at the east end with some surviving medieval stained-glass."	"originally completed in 1484, holy trinity church is the one of the richest ""wool churches"" in east anglia and is renowned for its flushwork, the clopton chantry chapel and the lady chapel at the east end with some surviving medieval stained-glass."
yara international asa is a norwegian-based multinational chemical company.	yara international asa is a norwegian-based chemical company.
there are several textual or narrative issues in the text, including the aforementioned contradictory accounts of saul's rise to kingship and his death, as well as plays on words, that biblical scholars have discussed.	there are several textual or narrative issues in the text, including the aforementioned differing accounts of saul's rise to kingship and his death, as well as plays on words, that biblical scholars have discussed.
during the performance by the rolling stones, hunter was dead by a member of the racist group hell's angels.	during the performance by the rolling stones, hunter was dead by a member of the group hell's angels.
in 1964 the club put up the spencer memorial cup (commemorating a former club captain who died tragically as a result of an injury received while playing rugby).	in 1964 the club put up the spencer memorial cup (commemorating a former club captain who died as a result of an injury received while playing rugby).
however other historians, such as professors f.s.l.	however most irish, british and american historians, such as professors f.s.l.
konopka also associated with the chicago chapter of 2600, a group of hackers who publish a magazine and hold gatherings and an annual national conference.	konopka also associated with the chicago chapter of 2600, a group of computer experts who publish a magazine and hold gatherings and an annual national conference.
it has even caused cries of plagiarism from readers, who are annoyed by mckiernan's overly similar storyline and details (for example, the golden horn given to patrel is identical to one given to merry, the journey through kraggen-cor is essentially the same story as the journey through moria in the fellowship of the ring, and so on), albeit with a climax that is quite different.	it has even caused cries of plagiarism from readers, who are annoyed by mckiernan's markedly similar storyline and details (for example, the golden horn given to patrel is identical to one given to merry, the journey through kraggen-cor is essentially the same story as the journey through moria in the fellowship of the ring, and so on), albeit with a climax that is quite different.
much like the blue ridge parkway and skyline drive, the completed sections of the foothills parkway traverse what would be otherwise roadless ridge crests, allowing for spectacular views of the surrounding areas.	much like the blue ridge parkway and skyline drive, the completed sections of the foothills parkway traverse what would be otherwise roadless ridge crests, allowing for extensive views of the surrounding areas.
"rebecca sara ""becki"" newton (born july 4, 1978) is an american actress best known for her role as amanda tanen on the television series ugly betty."	"rebecca sara ""becki"" newton (born july 4, 1978) is an american actress known for her role as amanda tanen on the television series ugly betty."
"the identification of ""lamarckism"" with the inheritance of acquired characteristics is regarded as an unfortunate artifact of the subsequent history of science teaching."	"the identification of ""lamarckism"" with the inheritance of acquired characteristics is regarded as an artifact of the subsequent history of science teaching."
critics of the cuban government say this is because of the communist party's control over cuba, while supporters claim it shows that the party has wide support among the populace.	critics of the cuban government say this is because of the communist party's control over cuba, while supporters say it shows that the party has wide support among the populace.
during the performance by the rolling stones, hunter attempted to climb on stage, and was violently driven off by members of the hells angels motorcycle club who had been contracted to serve as ushers and security guards.	during the performance by the rolling stones, hunter attempted to climb on stage, and was driven off by members of the hells angels motorcycle club who had been contracted to serve as ushers and security guards.
in recent years he also has often led workshops in combination with leading meditation teacher sharon salzberg.	in recent years he also has often led workshops in combination with meditation teacher sharon salzberg.
"undercover investigations (like one done by msnbc dateline in 2003-04) also suggest that much of the money being earned by the high-level distributors in some organizations was coming from the ""tools"" business rather than by selling the products of quixtar."	"unscrupulous investigations (like one done by msnbc dateline in 2003-04) also suggest that much of the money being earned by the high-level distributors in some organizations was coming from the ""tools"" business rather than by selling the products of quixtar."
while he was imprisoned by the reds , he confessed to working with americans against the state of hungary.	while he was imprisoned by the communist government , he confessed to working with americans against the state of hungary.
he was awarded the prestigious raja-lakshmi literary award for the year 1995 from sri raja-lakshmi foundation, chennai	he was awarded the raja-lakshmi literary award for the year 1995 from sri raja-lakshmi foundation, chennai
the unfunny titles are in the style of old fashioned murder-mystery radio shows, television sitcoms, or other scripted series.	the titles are in the style of old fashioned murder-mystery radio shows, television sitcoms, or other scripted series.
"you told the machine where in memory your ""big list of numbers"" was stored, and then fed in a single instruction a(1..1000000) = addv b(1..1000000), c(1..1000000)."	"the user told the machine where in memory your ""big list of numbers"" was stored, and then fed in a single instruction a(1..1000000) = addv b(1..1000000), c(1..1000000)."
he conquered sicily and became its king in 1282. he was one of the greatest of medieval aragonese monarchs.	he conquered sicily and became its king in 1282. he was one of the greatest of medieval catalan monarchs.
zionism is a political movement among jews (although supported by some non-jews) claiming that the jewish people constitute a nation and are entitled to a national homeland.	zionism is a political movement among jews (although supported by some non-jews) stating that the jewish people constitute a nation and are entitled to a national homeland.
the neutrality of this article is disputed	the accuracy of this article is disputed
since the siachen conflict of 1984, india no longer considers the siachen glacier to be part of what it calls pakistan admistered kashmir, pakistan however believes the area to be occupied by india and would like a return to the pre-1984 situation.	since the siachen conflict of 1984, india no longer considers the siachen glacier to be part of what pakistan calls pakistan admistered kashmir, pakistan however believes the area to be occupied by india and would like a return to the pre-1984 situation.
his legacy in ireland is mainly due to his contribution to the republican cause and his marxism has been largely overlooked by mainstream histories (although his legacy as a socialist has been claimed by the communist party of ireland, connolly youth movement, irg, the irsp, the labour party, sinn fin, the socialist party, the socialist workers party, the workers' party, the scottish socialist party and a variety of other tiny left-wing and left-republican groups).	his legacy in ireland is mainly due to his contribution to the republican cause and his marxism has been largely overlooked by mainstream histories (although his legacy as a socialist has been claimed by the communist party of ireland, connolly youth movement, irg, the irsp, the labour party, sinn fin, the socialist party, the socialist workers party, the workers' party, the scottish socialist party and a variety of other left-wing and left-republican groups).
andrew simmons aka simmons is a popular british professional wrestler who competes in the frontier wrestling alliance.	andrew simmons aka simmons is a british professional wrestler who competes in the frontier wrestling alliance.
during his 2008 presidential campaign, paul places in the top tier in republican straw polls, and has had the largest one-day online fundraiser in political history, but has considerably lower support in traditional polls.	during his 2008 presidential campaign, paul places in the top tier in republican straw polls, and has had the largest one-day online fundraiser in political history, but has considerably lower support in landline polls.
image:cpc_politburo_standing_committee.jpgcpc politburo standing committee members wu bangguo, 3rd left, wen jiabao, 4th left, jia qinglin, 2nd left, zeng qinghong, 5th left, li changchun, 1st left, and luo gan, 6th left, view the launch of shenzhou v. normally seen in far more rehearsed and scripted gatherings, china's leaders here are letting their genuine patriotic enthusiasm show.</div>	image:cpc_politburo_standing_committee.jpgcpc politburo standing committee members wu bangguo, 3rd left, wen jiabao, 4th left, jia qinglin, 2nd left, zeng qinghong, 5th left, li changchun, 1st left, and luo gan, 6th left, view the launch of shenzhou v. normally seen in far more rehearsed and scripted gatherings, china's leaders here are letting their genuine enthusiasm show.</div>
after the republican-controlled virginia house of delegates narrowly voted to reject the federal funds, mcdonnell's stance was the subject of an attack ad by common sense virginia, a political action committee.	after the republican-controlled virginia house of delegates narrowly voted to reject the federal funds, mcdonnell's stance was the subject of an opposing ad by common sense virginia, a political action committee.
members of the ntc and jamahiriya government members, including relatives of deceased dictator muammar gaddafi, were barred from running.	members of the ntc and jamahiriya government members, including relatives of deceased leader muammar gaddafi, were barred from running.
it is one of the two parties which want to represent the russian minority in estonia.	it is one of the two parties which claim to represent the russian minority in estonia.
mctc offers more than 60 innovative career and occupational programs in the following fields: aviation, business, education, health, information technology, justice system, manufacturing and construction, media arts, public service and the service industry.	mctc offers more than 60 career and occupational programs in the following fields: aviation, business, education, health, information technology, justice system, manufacturing and construction, media arts, public service and the service industry.
other pet issues such as whaling, vivisection, pollution, genetic modification and (implicitly) the internet are included.	other social and environmental issues such as whaling, vivisection, pollution, genetic modification and (implicitly) the internet are included.
in september 1999, loren filed a lawsuit against 76 adult pornographic websites for posting altered nude photos of her on the internet.	in september 1999, loren filed a lawsuit against 76 adult websites for posting altered nude photos of her on the internet.
"hilary duff has recorded a song called ""any other day"" for the release of what goes up, the song is available on what goes up soundtrack which has been released already on itunes."	"hilary duff has recorded a song called ""any other day"" for the release of what goes up, the song is available on what goes up soundtrack which has been released on itunes."
the mysterious shroud of turin is displayed in public in the city for the first time in 10 years.	the shroud of turin is displayed in public in the city for the first time in 10 years.
despite having its asia-pacific office in singapore, the economist regularly has difficulties with the lee dynasty , which has successfully sued it for libel on a number of occasions.	despite having its asia-pacific office in singapore, the economist regularly has difficulties with the lee family , which has successfully sued it for libel on a number of occasions.
every jew is eligible for this sacred office, providing sie is acceptable to the congregation.	every jew is eligible for this sacred office, providing he is acceptable to the congregation.
the city of langley is home to six elementary schools and one anglophone middle school, h. d. stafford middle school.	the city of langley is home to six elementary schools and one middle school, h. d. stafford middle school.
it has been suggested that this implicates the ism as supporters of terrorism.	it has been alleged that this implicates the ism as supporters of terrorism.
had it been retained, dylan, with garbage collection and close os integration, would have preceded microsoft's managed code revolution by over a decade.	had it been retained, dylan, with garbage collection and close os integration, would have preceded microsoft's managed code concept by over a decade.
former u.s. congressman republican john ensign won the open seat easily .	former u.s. congressman republican john ensign won the open seat.
it is located less than one kilometre (3,000 feet) from the blue line with lebanon, on palestinian lands of the shiite village saliha, abandoned after a massacre carried out by israeli forces.	it is located less than one kilometre (3,000 feet) from the blue line with lebanon, on palestinian lands of the shiite village saliha, depopulated after a massacre carried out by israeli forces.
some right-wing and apolitical sectors of the population still regard the developments after the coup d'tat, and the revolution itself, as pernicious for the country, including the infamous events which led to the creation of thousands of portuguese destitute refugees who fled from the overseas provinces, and the lengthy civil wars in angola and mozambique after their independence from portugal.	some right-wing and apolitical sectors of the population still regard the developments after the coup d'tat, and the revolution itself, as pernicious for the country, including the events which led to the creation of thousands of portuguese destitute refugees who fled from the overseas provinces, and the lengthy civil wars in angola and mozambique after their independence from portugal.
"despite critical acclaim, including tv guides label of ""the season's coolest hit,"" the show was cancelled after only one season."	"despite critical acclaim, including tv guides label of ""the season's coolest hit,"" the show was cancelled after one season."
this book is considered a feminist work, though a controversial one, in part due to its depiction of female circumcision .	this book is considered a feminist work, though a controversial one, in part due to its depiction of female genital cutting .
colin pickthall is a distinguished supporter of humanists uk.	colin pickthall is a supporter of humanists uk.
on april 20, 2008, during a scottish cup semi final against rangers, hardie accidentally stamped on rangers' steven naismith's knee, damaging the players cruciate ligament and leaving naismith facing 14 months off the field.	on april 20, 2008, during a scottish cup semi final against rangers, hardie stamped on rangers' steven naismith's knee, damaging the players cruciate ligament and leaving naismith facing 14 months off the field.
with the coup d'tat of april 21, 1967, greece entered a dark period under the rule of the colonels' junta.	with the coup d'tat of april 21, 1967, greece entered a period under the rule of the colonels' junta.
shortly after this tragedy , riots began.	shortly after this incident , riots began.
rabbi shlomo zalman personally opened magen lacholehs first bank account, bought rabbi fisher's first beeper, and continued to fund the organization until his passing .	rabbi shlomo zalman personally opened magen lacholehs first bank account, bought rabbi fisher's first beeper, and continued to fund the organization until his death .
sport club corinthians paulista, commonly known as timo or coringo, is a great brazil ian multisport club based in the city of so paulo.	sport club corinthians paulista, commonly known as timo or coringo, is a brazil ian multisport club based in the city of so paulo.
housley handily won the republican primary and will face tina smith in the general election.	housley won the republican primary and will face tina smith in the general election.
unfortunately there was less traction on the dusty surface off the racing line, so when brabham applied the brakes they locked and the car skidded off the track and into the barriers.	there was less traction on the dusty surface off the racing line, so when brabham applied the brakes they locked and the car skidded off the track and into the barriers.
sub dub micromachine (aka sdmm) is a german industrial metal band.	sub dub micromachine (aka sdmm) is a german metal band.
the website visitor might be a particle physicist, a teen or a grandma .	the website visitor might be a particle physicist, a teen or a grandparent .
the famous el mocambo sign	the icnoic el mocambo sign
"(july 23 1856 - august 1 1920), was an indian nationalist, social reformer and freedom fighter who was the first popular leader of the indian independence movement and is known as ""father of the indian unrest."""	"(july 23 1856 - august 1 1920), was an indian nationalist, social reformer and independence fighter who was the first popular leader of the indian independence movement and is known as ""father of the indian unrest."""
robert gabriel mugabe kcb (born on february 21, 1924) is the dictatorial president of zimbabwe.	robert gabriel mugabe kcb (born on february 21, 1924) is the president of zimbabwe.
the hdp has been widely criticized due to some of its radical members of the parliament.	the hdp has been criticized due to some of its radical members of the parliament.
nevertheless, the issue of what form the hungarian military would take remained a matter of serious contention between hungarian nationalists and austrian leaders.	nevertheless, the issue of what form the hungarian military would take remained a matter of serious contention between hungarian patriots and austrian leaders.
his debut in camelot marked the beginning of an award-winning stage, screen, and recording career.	his debut in camelot marked the beginning of an stage, screen, and recording career.
of more lasting value were his seminal works on gothic literature: the gothic quest: a history of the gothic novel (1938), a gothic bibliography (1940) and his collection of gothic horror stories in the supernatural omnibus (1931).	of lasting value were his seminal works on gothic literature: the gothic quest: a history of the gothic novel (1938), a gothic bibliography (1940) and his collection of gothic horror stories in the supernatural omnibus (1931).
he died tragically after his regular saturday morning bike ride when he took a dip in a hot tub to relax his muscles, lost consciousness due to hyperthermia, and drowned.	he died after his regular saturday morning bike ride when he took a dip in a hot tub to relax his muscles, lost consciousness due to hyperthermia, and drowned.
most obnoxious to catholics was article 130, which deprived clergy members of basic political rights.	most offensive to catholics was article 130, which deprived clergy members of basic political rights.
american golfer, bobby jones, was spontaneously serenaded out of st andrews' younger hall to the tune, after being made an honorary freeman of the borough of st andrews, scotland in october 1958.	american golfer, bobby jones, was serenaded out of st andrews' younger hall to the tune, after being made an honorary freeman of the borough of st andrews, scotland in october 1958.
extensive research has been done on the effects of this meditation technique on mind and body, ranging from its effects on cardiovascular disease to the experience of higher states of consciousness.	research has been done on the effects of this meditation technique on mind and body, ranging from its effects on cardiovascular disease to the experience of higher states of consciousness.
longley's reputation in australia is undermined by his paucity of appearances in international matches, mostly due to the knee injuries that eventually ended his career, and his lack of offense (particularly with andrew gaze, a three-point shooter).	longley's reputation in australia is undermined by his paucity of appearances in international matches, mostly due to the knee injuries that eventually ended his career, and his lack of offense (particularly with andrew gaze, an outstanding three-point shooter).
was an unmanned spacecraft developed by the japan aerospace exploration agency (jaxa) to return a sample of material from a small near-earth asteroid named 25143 itokawa to earth for further analysis.	was an robotic spacecraft developed by the japan aerospace exploration agency (jaxa) to return a sample of material from a small near-earth asteroid named 25143 itokawa to earth for further analysis.
sandboxie is a proprietary sandbox-based isolation program developed by ronen tzur, for 32-bit windows nt-based operating systems.	sandboxie is a sandbox-based isolation program developed by ronen tzur, for 32-bit windows nt-based operating systems.
originally used in the first book of letters (20 bc), by the roman poet horace, the phrase sapere aude became associated with the age of enlightenment (17th18th c.), after immanuel kant used it in the seminal essay, answering the question: what is enlightenment?	originally used in the first book of letters (20 bc), by the roman poet horace, the phrase sapere aude became associated with the age of enlightenment (17th18th c.), after immanuel kant used it in the essay, answering the question: what is enlightenment?
"in a separate article tourish explains that in his usage ""the word cult is not a term of abuse, as this paper tries to explain."	"in a separate article tourish argues that in his usage ""the word cult is not a term of abuse, as this paper tries to explain."
took over the emporia gazette, where he was a fiercely independent editor.	took over the emporia gazette, where he developed a reputation as a fiercely independent editor.
unfortunately , because he kicked the bee hive beforehand, the bees begin to swarm thomas j. just as he finds the ring.	unexpectedly , because he kicked the bee hive beforehand, the bees begin to swarm thomas j. just as he finds the ring.
lubo motl gives popular explanations of this problem in his blog.	lubo motl gives popular explanations of this position in his blog.
studies of both implementations of the therapeutic model have in general not yielded definitive evidence of efficacy when assessed in terms of long-term prevention of problem drinking as compared to other treatments , although limitations are widely acknowledged in obtaining acceptable data due to the impossibility of applying adequate controls to clinical analysis of aa .	studies of both implementations of the therapeutic model have in general not yielded definitive evidence of efficacy when assessed in terms of long-term prevention of problem drinking as compared to other treatments , although limitations are widely acknowledged in obtaining acceptable data due to the impossibility of applying rigorous controls to clinical analysis of aa .
by 2000, that number had soared to 30 million.	by 2000, that number had risen to 30 million.
having most recently peaked at number 5 in the uk album charts, the dynamic duo are due to release their album in the usa and canada on october 30, 2012.	having most recently peaked at number 5 in the uk album charts, the duo are due to release their album in the usa and canada on october 30, 2012.
jeremy gabriel, also known as le petit jeremy, in quebec, is a french canadian wannabe singer born december 10, 1996, in charlesbourg, quebec city.	jeremy gabriel, also known as le petit jeremy, in quebec, is a french canadian singer born december 10, 1996, in charlesbourg, quebec city.
the war in the vende (1793 to 1796) was a civil war and counterrevolution in the vende between suppressed catholics and royalists on the one hand and republicans on the other, during the french revolution.	the war in the vende (1793 to 1796) was a civil war and counterrevolution in the vende between catholics and royalists on the one hand and republicans on the other, during the french revolution.
"mameluk this name was used in hungary in the last decades of the 19th century as a nickname for members of parliament, belonging to the governing ""liberal"" party."	"mameluk name was used in hungary in the last decades of the 19th century as a nickname for members of parliament, belonging to the governing ""liberal"" party."
the pro-capitalist joseph schumpeter in his book capitalism, socialism and democracy said of the act:	the economist joseph schumpeter in his book capitalism, socialism and democracy said of the act:
fbr lawyer mohammad waqar rana admitted that no immediate steps had been taken in pursuance of the panama scandal, arguing that separate laws and institutions were available for money laundering cases.	fbr lawyer mohammad waqar rana said that no immediate steps had been taken in pursuance of the panama scandal, arguing that separate laws and institutions were available for money laundering cases.
the 1up show was a popular video podcast that was updated weekly on the video gaming website, 1up.com.	the 1up show was a video podcast that was updated weekly on the video gaming website, 1up.com.
he is infamous for his over-the-top, hyper-enthusiastic personality and long flowing blond hair.	he is known for his over-the-top, hyper-enthusiastic personality and long flowing blond hair.
the extraordinary level of education in england is maintained by regular government inspections of state run schools, and ofsted inspections of private schools.	the level of education in england is maintained by regular government inspections of state run schools, and ofsted inspections of private schools.
however, in most countries, if the victim is not over the age of consent, acting on ephebophilic urges is a crime which may lead to prosecution; it also holds the potential for trauma if the relationship involves a failure of adult responsibility and violation of trust.	however, in most countries, if the adolescent is not over the age of consent, acting on ephebophilic urges is a crime which may lead to prosecution; it also holds the potential for trauma if the relationship involves a failure of adult responsibility and violation of trust.
in 1969, szasz and the church of scientology co-founded the citizens commission on human rights (cchr) to combat involuntary psychiatric treatments.	in 1969, szasz and the church of scientology co-founded the citizens commission on human rights (cchr) to oppose involuntary psychiatric treatments.
george w. bush cited in fortunate son and elsewhere, never denied ( likely because the charge is too extreme to dignify with a response)	george w. bush cited in fortunate son and elsewhere, never denied ( possibly because the charge is too extreme to dignify with a response)
guess was founded by georges, armand, paul, and maurice marciano, four brothers born in ouarzazate, morocco but who supposedly grew up in the south of france and were influenced by the culture and style in the region.	guess was founded by georges, armand, paul, and maurice marciano, four brothers born in ouarzazate, morocco but who reportedly grew up in the south of france and were influenced by the culture and style in the region.
marxism is the awesome political practice and social theory based on the works of karl marx, a 19th century german philosopher, economist, journalist, and revolutionary, along with friedrich engels.	marxism is the political practice and social theory based on the works of karl marx, a 19th century german philosopher, economist, journalist, and revolutionary, along with friedrich engels.
five years after the publication of hitler's pope, cornwell recanted some of the claims made in his book:	five years after the publication of hitler's pope, cornwell retracted some of the claims made in his book:
muhammad of ghor (persian: ), also muhammad ghori or mohammad ghauri, originally named mu'izz-ad-din, b.1162 - d.1206, was an afghan emperor under the ghorid dynasty.	muhammad of ghor (persian: ), also muhammad ghori or mohammad ghauri, originally named mu'izz-ad-din, b.1162 - d.1206, was an emperor under the ghorid dynasty.
von erck once retaliated against an individual who was making graphic violent threats against perverted-justice contributors and volunteers after a lack of response from law enforcement.	von erck once acted against an individual who was making graphic violent threats against perverted-justice contributors and volunteers after a lack of response from law enforcement.
christmas (literally, the mass of christ) is a traditional christian holiday meant to celebrate the birth of jesus christ with both religious and secular aspects, commonly observed on 25 december.	christmas (literally, the mass of christ) is a traditional christian holiday meant to celebrate the birth of jesus with both religious and secular aspects, commonly observed on 25 december.
this is a list of non-derisory nicknames of united states presidents which were in common usage at the time they were in office or shortly thereafter.	this is a list of nicknames of united states presidents which were in common usage at the time they were in office or shortly thereafter.
sariputra was considered the wisest disciple of the buddha, and maudgalyayana was only second to him in wisdom.	sariputra was considered the wisest disciple of the buddha, and maudgalyayana was second to him in wisdom.
state defense forces include a surprising variety of special units including medical, aviation, and ceremonial units.	state defense forces include a variety of special units including medical, aviation, and ceremonial units.
soon after his sentencing, all of holtzclaw's information was intentionally removed from the oklahoma department of corrections (doc) website.	soon after his sentencing, all of holtzclaw's information was removed from the oklahoma department of corrections (doc) website.
wilber's interpretation of aurobindo's philosophy rejects the notion of dividing reality as a different level of matter, life, mind, overmind, supermind proposed by aurobindo in the life divine, and terms them as higher- or lower-nested holons and states that there is only a fourfold reality (a system of reality created by himself).	wilber's interpretation of aurobindo's philosophy differed from the notion of dividing reality as a different level of matter, life, mind, overmind, supermind proposed by aurobindo in the life divine, and terms them as higher- or lower-nested holons and states that there is only a fourfold reality (a system of reality created by himself).
it was released in 2d, 3d, and imax 3d on july 24, 2015. the film has grossed over $194 million worldwide but received universally negative reviews from critics.	it was released in 2d, 3d, and imax 3d on july 24, 2015. the film has grossed over $194 million worldwide but received negative reviews from critics.
further information on cyrus's campaign is provided by the considerably later ancient greek writers herodotus and xenophon, though neither mention the battle at opis and their accounts of the campaign differ considerably from the persian and babylonian sources.	further information on cyrus's campaign is provided by the later ancient greek writers herodotus and xenophon, though neither mention the battle at opis and their accounts of the campaign differ considerably from the persian and babylonian sources.
there is significant evidence that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs, specifically, that birds are members of maniraptora, a group of theropods which includes dromaeosaurs and oviraptorids, among others.	there is substantial evidence that birds evolved from theropod dinosaurs, specifically, that birds are members of maniraptora, a group of theropods which includes dromaeosaurs and oviraptorids, among others.
it was sculpted by noted artist charles keck (1875-1951), and was the third of four works commissioned from members of the national sculpture society by philanthropist paul goodloe mcintire.	it was sculpted by noted artist charles keck (1875-1951), and was the third of four works commissioned from members of the national sculpture society by paul goodloe mcintire.
"medicine can explain some aspects of the ""symptoms"" shown by those persons allegedly possessed; it is known that ""supernatural strength"" is common in some cases of insanity (mania or energumens)"	"medicine claims to explain some aspects of the ""symptoms"" shown by those persons allegedly possessed; it is known that ""supernatural strength"" is common in some cases of insanity (mania or energumens)"
burris is also a rank-and-file member of the howard university law school alumni association, the southern illinois university foundation, the mental health association of greater chicago, the u.s. jaycees, chicago area council of the boy scouts of america, the national association for the advancement of colored people, the southern illinois alumni association, alpha phi alpha fraternity, the western consistory of ancient and accepted scottish rite free masons, and sigma pi phi fraternity, beta boule.	burris is also a member of the howard university law school alumni association, the southern illinois university foundation, the mental health association of greater chicago, the u.s. jaycees, chicago area council of the boy scouts of america, the national association for the advancement of colored people, the southern illinois alumni association, alpha phi alpha fraternity, the western consistory of ancient and accepted scottish rite free masons, and sigma pi phi fraternity, beta boule.
psychiatrists who use ect generally describe it as a safe and effective treatment; nevertheless it continues to generate controversy amongst both mental health professionals and members of the public.	psychiatrists who use ect describe it as a safe and effective treatment; nevertheless it continues to generate controversy amongst both mental health professionals and members of the public.
"most progressive scholars, however, argue that the term ""political correctness"" was hijacked by conservatives around 1980 and redefined as a way to reframe the debates over diversity and unequal distribution of power and privilege in the united states."	"progressive scholars, however, argue that the term ""political correctness"" was hijacked by conservatives around 1980 and redefined as a way to reframe the debates over diversity and unequal distribution of power and privilege in the united states."
had there been a positive vote on both sides, a unified cyprus would have acceded to the european union on 1 may 2004.	had there been a positive vote on both sides, a unified cyprus would have acceeded to the european union on 1 may 2004.
visionary st. louis coach eddie cochems described this play after the 1906 season:	st. louis coach eddie cochems described this play after the 1906 season:
"hamas (, acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya, arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian islamist terror organization established in 1987 during the first intifada, and is an offshoot of the muslim brotherhood movement in egypt."	"hamas (, acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya, arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian islamist organization established in 1987 during the first intifada, and is an offshoot of the muslim brotherhood movement in egypt."
runners negotiate 5649 laps of one extended city block in jamaica, queens - 164th place to abigail adams (84th) avenue to 168th street to grand central parkway - a distance of only 0.5488 mile (883 m).	runners negotiate 5649 laps of one extended city block in jamaica, queens - 164th place to abigail adams (84th) avenue to 168th street to grand central parkway - a distance of 0.5488 mile (883 m).
in 1948, kibbutz na'an became the newly formed idf's headquarters for the operation to free jerusalem and the elders of the then-arab city ramla signed the formal surrender of the city on the kibbutz grounds.	in 1948, kibbutz na'an became the newly formed idf's headquarters for the operation to capture jerusalem and the elders of the then-arab city ramla signed the formal surrender of the city on the kibbutz grounds.
with the arrival of offside rules, the forward pass transformed hockey into a truly team sport, where individual heroics diminished in importance relative to team play, which could now be coordinated over the entire surface of the ice as opposed to merely rearward players.	with the arrival of offside rules, the forward pass transformed hockey into a truly team sport, where individual performance diminished in importance relative to team play, which could now be coordinated over the entire surface of the ice as opposed to merely rearward players.
he is known for his uncanny ability to improvise critical assessments laced with pop culture references.	he is known for his ability to improvise critical assessments laced with pop culture references.
weiner has been a critic of columbia university's professors who have made biased remarks some have taken as anti-israeli and anti-semitic.	weiner has been a critic of columbia university's professors who have made remarks some have taken as anti-israeli and anti-semitic.
some notable speeches were delivered at the world's congress of representative women in chicago in 1893 (in which she was one of three black women invited to speak) and the pan-african conference in london in 1900. in 1914, at the age of 56, cooper began courses for her doctoral degree at columbia university, but was forced to interrupt her studies in 1915 when she adopted the five children of her late half-brother upon their mother's passing .	some notable speeches were delivered at the world's congress of representative women in chicago in 1893 (in which she was one of three black women invited to speak) and the pan-african conference in london in 1900. in 1914, at the age of 56, cooper began courses for her doctoral degree at columbia university, but was forced to interrupt her studies in 1915 when she adopted the five children of her late half-brother upon their mother's death .
"it was founded in 1997. it won the 1997 iaapa award for ""best new company"", and a year later started the prestigious golden ticket awards ."	"it was founded in 1997. it won the 1997 iaapa award for ""best new company"", and a year later started the golden ticket awards."
he made a reference to his appearance in the film in a hilarious cameo as himself on the larry sanders show, in which he gets into an argument with hank {jeffrey tambor).	he made a reference to his appearance in the film in a cameo as himself on the larry sanders show, in which he gets into an argument with hank {jeffrey tambor).
the album was also accompanied by a striking new blue-and-white visual image (including numan himself with blue hair), a tour, a live album/video/ep, and the title track reached the uk top 40 when released as a single.	the album was also accompanied by a new blue-and-white visual image (including numan himself with blue hair), a tour, a live album/video/ep, and the title track reached the uk top 40 when released as a single.
the third heaven is a division of heaven in biblical cosmology.	the third heaven is a division of heaven in religious cosmology.
revisionist interpretations of the evidence	other interpretations of the evidence
until the beginning of the 20th century informed writers favoured the original term or at least a more logical variation (e.g.	until the beginning of the 20th century writers favoured the original term or at least a more logical variation (e.g.
his political views are extremely controversial and are characterized by his belief in a number of complex conspiracy theories, involving global plots to establish a frightening new world order, involving such disparate figures as the british royal family (especially the duke of edinburgh) and george h.w.	his political views are extremely controversial and are characterized by his belief in a number of complex conspiracy theories, involving global plots to establish a frightening new world order, involving such figures as the british royal family (especially the duke of edinburgh) and george h.w.
upthe imposing facade of the stadium in 1930	upthe facade of the stadium in 1930
it is classified as a schedule iv controlled substance in the united states, despite having virtually no potential for abuse due to its lack of appreciable dopaminergic effects.	it is classified as a schedule iv controlled substance in the united states, despite having virtually no potential for misuse due to its lack of appreciable dopaminergic effects.
"knowing him as author of latin ""vulgata"", considering him - as a dalmatia-born - a slav, and especially a croatian, the home-bred slavic intellectuals in dalmatia very early began to ascribe him the invention of glagolitsa: possibly on purpose, with the intention to more successfully defend both slavic writing and slavic holy service against prosecutions and prohibitions from the rome hierarchy's side, thus using the honourable opinion of the famous latin holy father to protect their church rituals which were inherited from the macedonians cyril and methodius."	"knowing him as author of latin ""vulgata"", considering him - as a dalmatia-born - a slav, and especially a croatian, the home-bred slavic intellectuals in dalmatia very early began to ascribe him the invention of glagolitsa: possibly on purpose, with the intention to more successfully defend both slavic writing and slavic holy service against prosecutions and prohibitions from the rome hierarchy's side, thus using the honourable opinion of the famous latin holy father to protect their church rituals which were inherited from the greeks cyril and methodius."
vinnie vincent cusano (born august 6, 1952, in bridgeport, connecticut), is a virtuoso guitarist better known as vinnie vincent, and is most famous for his brief membership in the band kiss.	vinnie vincent cusano (born august 6, 1952, in bridgeport, connecticut), is a guitarist better known as vinnie vincent, and is most famous for his brief membership in the band kiss.
the rpg 7 was successfully used by the provisional irish republican army in northern ireland from 1969 to 2005, most notably in lurgan, county armagh, where it was used against british army observation posts and the towering military base at kitchen hill in the town.	the rpg 7 was used by the provisional irish republican army in northern ireland from 1969 to 2005, most notably in lurgan, county armagh, where it was used against british army observation posts and the towering military base at kitchen hill in the town .
however, his performance on the campaign trail sometimes seemed lackluster, especially in comparison to the dynamic arkansas governor, bill clinton.	however, his performance on the campaign trail sometimes seemed lackluster, especially in comparison to the arkansas governor, bill clinton.
some sources claim bill flaherty, who became president of toy craze, also founded the company.	some sources indicate bill flaherty, who became president of toy craze, also founded the company.
this classical approach to contract formation has been weakened by developments in the law of estoppel, misleading conduct, misrepresentation and unjust enrichment.	this classical approach to contract formation has been modified by developments in the law of estoppel, misleading conduct, misrepresentation and unjust enrichment.
under the able leadership of hafiz-e-millats worthy son, hazrat aziz-e-millat allama shah abdul hafiz-moradabadi, the chief and head of al-jamiatul ashrafia, this constructive educational caravan heads towards its desired destination with utmost favour and enthusiasm.	under the able leadership of hafiz-e-millats son, hazrat aziz-e-millat allama shah abdul hafiz-moradabadi, the chief and head of al-jamiatul ashrafia, this constructive educational caravan heads towards its desired destination with utmost favour and enthusiasm.
popular demonstration under the bem statue on october 23, 1956on the afternoon of october 23, 1956, approximately 20,000 protesters illegally convened next to the bem statue.	popular demonstration under the bem statue on october 23, 1956on the afternoon of october 23, 1956, approximately 20,000 protesters convened next to the bem statue.
the ship is completed by a mediterranean-style sail for better propulsion .	the ship is completed by a mediterranean-style sail for better maneuvering .
the hosts of the movie show, david stratton and margaret pomeranz, defected to the abc in april 2004 to host a new program called at the movies.	the hosts of the movie show, david stratton and margaret pomeranz, moved to the abc in april 2004 to host a new program called at the movies.
josif runjanin (serbian cyrillic: ; croatised : josip runjanin; december 8, 1821–february 2, 1878) was a serb frontiersman and composer (most notably composing the music for the croatian national anthem).	josif runjanin (serbian cyrillic: ; croatian : josip runjanin; december 8, 1821–february 2, 1878) was a serb frontiersman and composer (most notably composing the music for the croatian national anthem).
it retells the story of the early years of the west german violent far-left militant group the rote armee fraktion (red army faction, or raf) from 1967 to 1977.	it retells the story of the early years of the west german far-left militant group the rote armee fraktion (red army faction, or raf) from 1967 to 1977.
originally named the ted brock recognition award to honour his retirement as senior don of okeefe house, the award was renamed the ted brock memorial award after his passing in 2006.	originally named the ted brock recognition award to honour his retirement as senior don of okeefe house, the award was renamed the ted brock memorial award after his death in 2006.
1982 british new wave band doll by doll recorded a fine version on their 4:th album grand passion - it was also pre-released as single on magnet records label in aug. 1982	1982 british new wave band doll by doll recorded a version on their 4:th album grand passion - it was also pre-released as single on magnet records label in aug. 1982
byrne piven (september 24, 1929 – february 18, 2002) was an influential american stage actor, director, and co-founder of the playwrights theatre club, a forerunner of the second city.	byrne piven (september 24, 1929 – february 18, 2002) was an american stage actor, director, and co-founder of the playwrights theatre club, a forerunner of the second city.
declaring that prophet muhammad was the last prophet, but not the last messenger 33:40 (the definition of muslim scholars is that all messengers are prophets, but not all prophets are messengers - a messenger is a prophet that was sent with a book.)	declaring that muhammad was the last prophet, but not the last messenger 33:40 (the definition of muslim scholars is that all messengers are prophets, but not all prophets are messengers - a messenger is a prophet that was sent with a book.)
while spacetime can be viewed as a consequence of albert einstein's 1905 theory of special relativity, it was first explicitly proposed by one of his teachers, the mathematician hermann minkowski, in a brilliant 1908 essay	while spacetime can be viewed as a consequence of albert einstein's 1905 theory of special relativity, it was first explicitly proposed by one of his teachers, the mathematician hermann minkowski, in a 1908 essay
the beaches are perfect recreational areas for swimming, surfing, bodyboarding, bodysurfing and other water sports.	the beaches are popular recreational areas for swimming, surfing, bodyboarding, bodysurfing and other water sports.
kerry's military record has received considerable attention and criticism during his political career, especially during his unsuccessful 2004 bid for the presidency.	kerry's military record has received considerable praise and criticism during his political career, especially during his unsuccessful 2004 bid for the presidency.
the lost coast is a mostly natural and development-free area of the california north coast in humboldt and mendocino counties, which includes the king range.	the lost coast is a mostly natural and undeveloped area of the california north coast in humboldt and mendocino counties, which includes the king range.
"tresvant appeared in the movie house party 2 in 1991 and the play, ""the man of her dreams"" in 2002. in 1993, he released his sophomore album, it's goin' down."	"tresvant appeared in the movie house party 2 in 1991 and the play, ""the man of her dreams"" in 2002. in 1993, he released his second album, it's goin' down."
tor (the onion router) is a free software implementation of second-generation onion routing — a system enabling its users to communicate anonymously on the internet.	tor (the onion router) is a free and open source implementation of second-generation onion routing — a system enabling its users to communicate anonymously on the internet.
prisoner 849 continues to make his/her way through a series of alien installations, a second crashed human spaceship, and ancient nali temples infested with skaarj troops and their minions, eventually arriving at the nali castle.	prisoner 849 continues to make their way through a series of alien installations, a second crashed human spaceship, and ancient nali temples infested with skaarj troops and their minions, eventually arriving at the nali castle.
introduced by the house judiciary committee as building on similar legislation, the pro-ip act of 2008 and the senate's protect ip act of 2011, this bill modernizes our criminal and civil statutes to meet new ip enforcement challenges.	introduced by the house judiciary committee as building on similar legislation, the pro-ip act of 2008 and the senate's protect ip act of 2011, this bill modernizes united states criminal and civil statutes to meet new ip enforcement challenges.
for the evening gown competition, brabham wore a daring design in gold, with a bra-style top and flowing bottom connected only by crossed gold strings.	for the evening gown competition, brabham wore a design in gold, with a bra-style top and flowing bottom connected only by crossed gold strings.
on 6 may 2009, iniesta scored a sensational late injury time goal against chelsea to send barcelona to the 2009 uefa champions league final against manchester united.	on 6 may 2009, iniesta scored a late injury time goal against chelsea to send barcelona to the 2009 uefa champions league final against manchester united.
although orthodox religions are tolerated, some radical groups are banned, including jehovah's witness, which opposes singapore's policy of national service.	although orthodox religions are tolerated, some groups are banned, including jehovah's witness, which opposes singapore's policy of national service.
genesis contains some of the best-known biblical stories, including genesis creation myth, adam and eve, cain and abel, noah's ark, the tower of babel, the call of abraham, abraham and the sacrifice of isaac, esau and jacob, the marriage of jacob, jacob and laban, sarah and pharaoh, sarah and abimelech, the battle of the vale of sidom, sodom and gomorrah, jacob's wrestling with the angel at peniel, joseph and his coat of many colours, joseph and the interpretation of pharaoh's dreams, onan and his sin, the seduction of lot by his daughters, the blessing of jacob, the purchase of the cave of mechpelah, and others.	genesis contains some of the best-known biblical stories, including genesis creation story , adam and eve, cain and abel, noah's ark, the tower of babel, the call of abraham, abraham and the sacrifice of isaac, esau and jacob, the marriage of jacob, jacob and laban, sarah and pharaoh, sarah and abimelech, the battle of the vale of sidom, sodom and gomorrah, jacob's wrestling with the angel at peniel, joseph and his coat of many colours, joseph and the interpretation of pharaoh's dreams, onan and his sin, the seduction of lot by his daughters, the blessing of jacob, the purchase of the cave of mechpelah, and others.
some individuals managed to circumvent this problem later.	some individuals managed to circumvent this limitation later.
an uncompromising foe of heresy , leo found that in the diocese of aquileia, pelagians were received into church communion without formal repudiation of their errors; he wrote to rebuke this culpable negligence, and required a solemn abjuration before a synod.	an uncompromising foe of heresy, leo found that in the diocese of aquileia, pelagians were received into church communion without formal repudiation of their errors; he wrote to rebuke them, making accusations of culpable negligence, and required a solemn abjuration before a synod.
sathyardhi (1913-1998) was a famous writer and freedom fighter from kerala, india.	sathyardhi (1913-1998) was a writer and freedom fighter from kerala, india.
pro -neutral regulations websites and articles	pro regulations websites and articles
cryogenic nonneutral plasmas: correlated states	cryogenic non-neutral plasmas: correlated states
the striking still and motion photography of the small man standing alone before a line of very large tanks reached international infamy practically overnight; it headlined countless newspapers and news magazines and was the lead story on countless news broadcasts around the world.	the striking still and motion photography of the small man standing alone before a line of very large tanks reached international notoriety practically overnight; it headlined countless newspapers and news magazines and was the lead story on countless news broadcasts around the world.
"norman bertram ""norm"" coleman jr. (born august 17 1949) is an american politician and republican u.s. senator from minnesota since 2003. he will be up for re-election in 2008. coleman, who is jewish, has two children, jacob and sara, and his current wife, laurie coleman, is an aspiring actress ."	"norman bertram ""norm"" coleman jr. (born august 17 1949) is an american politician and republican u.s. senator from minnesota since 2003. he will be up for re-election in 2008. coleman, who is jewish, has two children, jacob and sara, and his current wife, laurie coleman, is an aspiring actor ."
for fourteen years these different groups studied, processed and experienced the universal knowledge he was teaching.	for fourteen years these different groups studied, processed and experienced the knowledge he was teaching.
insomniatic is the fourth album from the talented teen pop duo aly & aj.	insomniatic is the fourth album from the popular teen pop duo aly & aj.
a series of modern roads have been established by israel throughout the west bank which bypass palestinian areas, some of which are closed to vehicles with palestinian license-plates in varying degrees, can fluctuate based on arbitrary israeli security concerns: some roads (mostly leading into israel) are closed to all palestinian traffic; many roads are closed to private traffic but allow public and commercial transportation; some roads are fully open to all palestinian traffic and are shared completely with israeli motorists.	a series of modern roads have been established by israel throughout the west bank which bypass palestinian areas, some of which are closed to vehicles with palestinian license-plates in varying degrees, can fluctuate based on israeli security concerns: some roads (mostly leading into israel) are closed to all palestinian traffic; many roads are closed to private traffic but allow public and commercial transportation; some roads are fully open to all palestinian traffic and are shared completely with israeli motorists.
"he has written numerous books, both fiction and non-fiction, including monash: the outsider who won the war, which won ""the federation of australian writers melbourne university publishing award"" in 2004. perry has also written definitive biographies on sir donald bradman, steve waugh, and others."	"he has written numerous books, both fiction and non-fiction, including monash: the outsider who won the war, which won ""the federation of australian writers melbourne university publishing award"" in 2004. perry has also written biographies on sir donald bradman, steve waugh, and others."
as of 2012, his net worth is reportedly $56,508,500, and he lives with his family in a $10,500,000 mansion .	as of 2012, his net worth is reportedly $56,508,500, and he lives with his family in a $10,500,000 home .
the open source initiative's definition is extensively recognized as the standard or de facto definition.	the open source initiative's definition is recognized as the standard or de facto definition.
sundin later tragically died of an aids related illness in 1989.	sundin later died of an aids related illness in 1989.
the restaurant serves thai, chinese, and other wonderful cultural foods.	the restaurant serves thai, chinese, and other cultural foods.
generated staggering rave reviews from the american press.	generated rave reviews from the american press.
claudius smith (1736 january 22, 1779) was a notorious loyalist guerrilla leader during the american revolution.	claudius smith (1736 january 22, 1779) was a loyalist guerrilla leader during the american revolution.
in 1771, he married the barely 14-year-old marie-anne pierette paulze, the daughter of a co-owner of the ferme.	in 1771, he married the 14-year-old marie-anne pierette paulze, the daughter of a co-owner of the ferme.
"a sound artist's refutation of ""stockhausen serves imperialism"" at belsona strategic record label site"	"a sound artist's critique of ""stockhausen serves imperialism"" at belsona strategic record label site"
an elegant analogy used repeatedly by dibble is that of a pencil.	an analogy used repeatedly by dibble is that of a pencil.
much of dylan's most notable work dates from the 1960s, when he became an informal documentarian and reluctant figurehead of american unrest.	much of dylan's most recognized work dates from the 1960s, when he became an informal documentarian and reluctant figurehead of american unrest.
this did not set him back in his degree requirements because almost all of his first year studies had been in basic physical sciences and math .	this did not set him back in his degree requirements because almost all of his first year studies had been in basic physical sciences and mathematics .
"at different points in this experimental turkey , a skull is flashed to inspire terror, a crawling snake to inspire hate, two fluttering hearts to generate love, and last, but not least, the huge letters spelling the word ""blood"" to create fear."	"at different points in this experimental film , a skull is flashed to inspire terror, a crawling snake to inspire hate, two fluttering hearts to generate love, and last, but not least, the huge letters spelling the word ""blood"" to create fear."
sdl plc is a company based in maidenhead, uk that provides language localization services, translation software and content management solutions .	sdl plc is a company based in maidenhead, uk that provides language localization services, translation software and content management services .
mr. lennon was just 53 years old.	mr. lennon was 53 years old.
"the reverend alexander ""alex"" healy is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by richard driscoll."	"the reverend alexander ""alex"" healy is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by richard driscoll."
"the failure of coups in germany and hungary ended bolshevik hopes for an imminent world revolution and led to promotion of ""socialism in one country"" by joseph stalin."	"the failure of revolutions in germany and hungary ended bolshevik hopes for an imminent world revolution and led to promotion of ""socialism in one country"" by joseph stalin."
advanced systems of criminal law accept the principle that guilt shall only be personal.	contemporary systems of criminal law accept the principle that guilt shall only be personal.
the forest preserve district of dupage county invites individuals to become members of its top-notch volunteer crew.	the forest preserve district of dupage county invites individuals to become members of its volunteer crew.
controversy arose when lynch blurred one of harring's ravishing nude scenes on the dvd release of the film, the only film in which she has appeared nude.	controversy arose when lynch blurred one of harring's nude scenes on the dvd release of the film, the only film in which she has appeared nude.
this comedienne was known for her improvisation skills.	this comedian was known for her improvisation skills.
following on from the popular vh1 show wannabe, the first episode showed chanelle's home life in wakefield and life before big brother.	following on from the vh1 show wannabe, the first episode showed chanelle's home life in wakefield and life before big brother.
they believe that jesus christ has been ruling in heaven as king since 1914 (a date that was prophesied in scripture), and that after that time a short period of cleansing has begun taking place.	they believe that jesus christ has been ruling in heaven as king since 1914 (a date they believe was prophesied in scripture), and that after that time a short period of cleansing has begun taking place.
"the comic strip's popular success is attributable to its workplace setting and themes, which are familiar to a large and appreciative audience; adams admitted that switching the setting from dilbert's home to his office was ""when the strip really started to take off."""	"the comic strip's popular success is attributable to its workplace setting and themes, which are familiar to a large and appreciative audience; adams said that switching the setting from dilbert's home to his office was ""when the strip really started to take off."""
toni kuko (born september 18 1968 in split) is a celebrated retired croatian basketball player.	toni kuko (born september 18 1968 in split) is a retired croatian basketball player.
the soviets liberated manchukuo, mengjiang (inner mongolia), northern korea, southern sakhalin, and the kuril islands.	the soviets terminated japanese control of manchukuo, mengjiang (inner mongolia), northern korea, southern sakhalin, and the kuril islands.
while there is no formal compulsion on christian scientists either to use christian science healing or to eschew medical means christian scientists avoid using the two systems simultaneously in the understanding that they tend to counteract or contradict each other.	while there is no formal compulsion on christian scientists either to use christian science healing or to eschew medical means christian scientists avoid using the two systems simultaneously in the belief that they tend to counteract or contradict each other.
he is highly regarded as one of the most skilled and versatile vocalist in the heavy metal genre.	he is regarded as one of the most skilled and versatile vocalist in the heavy metal genre.
this excellent periodical is available to the general public as well, also on the nsc site.	this periodical is available to the general public as well, also on the nsc site.
all of them were carried out by hindu extremists .	all of them were carried out by hindu nationalists .
on january 16, 2013, ortiz issued a press release claiming that her office had never intended to seek maximum penalties against aaron swartz.	on january 16, 2013, ortiz issued a press release saying that her office had never intended to seek maximum penalties against aaron swartz.
the 1999 columbine high school massacre served as a sentinel case highlighting the need to integrate tactical emergency medical support into law enforcement special operations.	the 1999 columbine high school massacre served as a sentinel case for arguing the need to integrate tactical emergency medical support into law enforcement special operations.
in addition to setting an explicit maximum speed limit, most governments also enforce subjective speed limits are relative to driving conditions; for example, requiring drivers to adjust their speed when driving in fog or heavy rain.	in addition to setting an explicit maximum speed limit, most governments also enforce speed limits are relative to driving conditions; for example, requiring drivers to adjust their speed when driving in fog or heavy rain.
the roland jupiter-4, released in 1978, was not only the first of roland's legendary jupiter series of synthesizers, but it was also roland's first self-contained polyphonic synthesizer.	the roland jupiter-4, released in 1978, was not only the first of roland's jupiter series of synthesizers, but it was also roland's first self-contained polyphonic synthesizer.
"this is a reference to tom cruise's criticism of actress brooke shields' use of paxil to deal with her post-partum depression in early 2005 ; tom cruise is a scientologist, a cult founded by l. ron hubbard, a ""dead science fiction writer."""	"this is a reference to tom cruise's criticism of actress brooke shields' use of paxil to deal with her post-partum depression in early 2005 ; tom cruise is a scientologist, a religion founded by l. ron hubbard, a ""dead science fiction writer."""
it is a common practice in western cultures, where both men and women work outside the home and elaborate meals are difficult if not impossible to pull off given the usual time constraints.	it is a common practice in western cultures, where both men and women work outside the home and elaborate meals are difficult if not impossible to pull off given the time constraints.
the grounding of anarcho-capitalism has in classical liberalism is demonstrated by the assertion of many anarcho-capitalists that the first anarcho-capitalist was gustave de molinari, who argued for a free market, and against a state monopoly on force, as early as 1849. while some current adherents of liberalism and traditional anarchism wouldn't call molinari an anarcho-capitalist, his thoughts were influential on rothbard and his contemporaries.	the grounding of anarcho-capitalism has in classical liberalism is demonstrated by the assertion of many anarcho-capitalists that the first anarcho-capitalist was gustave de molinari, who argued for a free market, and against a state monopoly on force, as early as 1849. while some current adherents of liberalism and socialist anarchism wouldn't call molinari an anarcho-capitalist, his thoughts were influential on rothbard and his contemporaries.
the unequivocal consensus in the scientific community is that intelligent design is not science.<!--	the majority consensus in the scientific community is that intelligent design is not science.<!--
the second baseball game that daniel kaffee watches during the movie is an actual game played between the baltimore orioles and the minnesota twins on june 17, 1991, halting the twins' amazing 15 game win streak.	the second baseball game that daniel kaffee watches during the movie is an actual game played between the baltimore orioles and the minnesota twins on june 17, 1991, halting the twins' 15 game win streak.
the three remaining members decided that the bassist would want them to carry on, and with the burton family's blessings, the awesome band sought a replacement.	the three remaining members decided that the bassist would want them to carry on, and with the burton family's blessings, the band sought a replacement.
islamic years are also called hijra years because the first year was the year during which the hijra occurred— prophet muhammad's emigration from mecca to medina.	islamic years are also called hijra years because the first year was the year during which the hijra occurred— muhammad's emigration from mecca to medina.
counterpunch carries on the tradition of muckraking journalism of earlier investigative journalists such as i.f.	counterpunch claims to carry on the tradition of muckraking journalism of earlier investigative journalists such as i.f.
the film was well-received by critics, particularly for bale's strong performance.	the film was well-received by critics, particularly for bale's performance.
william goldman's screenplay for the 1976 film adaptation put it into the mouth of ben bradlee and used it to good dramatic purpose.	william goldman's screenplay for the 1976 film adaptation put it into the mouth of ben bradlee and used it to dramatic purpose.
"also, comedienne julie brown re-wrote her 1980s single ""the homecoming queen's got a gun"" as a parody titled ""the ex-beauty queen's got a gun."""	"also, comedian julie brown re-wrote her 1980s single ""the homecoming queen's got a gun"" as a parody titled ""the ex-beauty queen's got a gun."""
black box: the complete original black sabbath (19701978) is a collection of the first eight albums by the popular heavy metal band .	black box: the complete original black sabbath (19701978) is a collection of the first eight albums by the heavy metal band .
lying along the eastern edge of the tallgrass prairie in west-central wisconsin, the st. croix wetland management district encompasses a fascinating diversity of habitats.	lying along the eastern edge of the tallgrass prairie in west-central wisconsin, the st. croix wetland management district encompasses a diversity of habitats.
unfortunately the marshy conditions caused the mechanical excavator to frequently fall into the excavation, causing further damage.	the marshy conditions caused the mechanical excavator to frequently fall into the excavation, causing further damage.
in the judgement the court ruled that eight armed ira men shot dead by soldiers of an undercover sas unit at loughgall, county armagh, in 1987, and two ira men killed by ruc officers, had their human rights violated.	in the judgement the court ruled that eight armed ira men shot dead by soldiers of an sas unit at loughgall, county armagh, in 1987, and two ira men killed by ruc officers, had their human rights violated.
schrdinger stayed in dublin until retiring in 1955. during this time he remained committed to his particular passion; scandalous involvements with students occurred and he fathered two children by two different irish women.	schrdinger stayed in dublin until retiring in 1955. during this time he remained committed to his particular passion; involvements with students occurred and he fathered two children by two different irish women .
a photographic representation of what the culprits in the florida alligator attacks look like.	a photographic representation of what the culprits in the florida alligator attacks may have looked like.
fletcher left the club at the end of the 2015 season and was controversially replaced by keith costigan.	fletcher left the club at the end of the 2015 season and was replaced by keith costigan.
the primary national motivation for initiating the war was to realize the megali idea, a core concept of greek nationalism.	the other national motivation for initiating the war was to realize the megali idea, a core concept of greek nationalism.
bla fleck (born july 10, 1958 in new york city, new york) is an american banjo virtuoso .	bla fleck (born july 10, 1958 in new york city, new york) is an american banjo player .
he has been cited as an opponent of internet free speech and become the target of anonymous attacks under operation payback.	he has been percieved as an opponent of internet free speech and become the target of anonymous attacks under operation payback.
the kopassus commandos who took part in this mission trained for only three days with totally unfamiliar weapons, brilliantly executed this fast-paced operation.	the kopassus commandos who took part in this mission trained for only three days with totally unfamiliar weapons, executed this fast-paced operation.
under cover of darkness, the yorkists sneaked close to the lancastrians, and clashed in a thick fog at dawn.	under cover of darkness, the yorkists moved close to the lancastrians, and clashed in a thick fog at dawn.
the favourable reviews and publicity generated enormous sales for the concert artist cds: in 2006, one online retailer did 50,000 worth of business with barrington-coupe.	the favourable reviews and publicity generated substantial sales for the concert artist cds: in 2006, one online retailer did 50,000 worth of business with barrington-coupe.
alas it also offers unix-like file directories using the integrated file system.	it also offers unix-like file directories using the integrated file system.
the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is a terrorist organization that has been waging a violent secessionist campaign against the government of sri lanka since the 1970s in order to secure a separate state for the majority tamil regions in the north and east sri lanka.	the liberation tigers of tamil eelam (ltte), also known as the tamil tigers, is a politco-military organization that has been waging a violent secessionist campaign against the government of sri lanka since the 1970s in order to secure a separate state for the majority tamil regions in the north and east sri lanka.
nicolaus copernicus (1473 – 1543), polish astronomer and mathematician	nicolaus copernicus (1473 – 1543), astronomer and mathematician
its ground is attractively located at the south east of the village and the team is sponsored by ye olde george inn, to which teams repair at the end of play for sandwiches and reminiscences of the match that has just been played.	its ground is located at the south east of the village and the team is sponsored by ye olde george inn, to which teams repair at the end of play for sandwiches and reminiscences of the match that has just been played.
although the golan heights has generally been a peaceful area, a number of golan residents from majdal shams have been jailed by the israeli authorities for involvement in armed activities against the israeli occupation .	although the golan heights has generally been a peaceful area, a number of golan residents from majdal shams have been jailed by the israeli authorities for involvement in armed activities against the israeli presence .
ltb by littlebig is a famous brand of denim jeans founded in 1994 and headquartered in istanbul, turkey.	ltb by littlebig is a brand of denim jeans founded in 1994 and headquartered in istanbul, turkey.
to confront this issue directly they developed a highly tailored policygenius insurance checkup, which guides users through a five-minute q&a to develop a personalized, in-depth review of all their insurance needs based on their financial and family situations.	to confront this issue directly they developed a tailored policygenius insurance checkup, which guides users through a five-minute q&a to develop a personalized, in-depth review of all their insurance needs based on their financial and family situations.
supporters of the use of the english corruption dingle are often referred to disparagingly as na dingledanglers by irish speakers.	supporters of the use of the english name dingle are often referred to disparagingly as na dingledanglers by irish speakers.
founded in 1998, jungo ltd is a leading provider of residential and business gateway software platforms and applications.	founded in 1998, jungo ltd is a provider of residential and business gateway software platforms and applications.
"in 2005, dion released her first comprehensive greatest hits album in french, on ne change pas, which features three new songs, including a stunning duet with il divo called ""i believe in you"" (je crois en toi)."	"in 2005, dion released her first comprehensive greatest hits album in french, on ne change pas, which features three new songs, including a duet with il divo called ""i believe in you"" (je crois en toi)."
the rally attracted considerable criticism from human rights activists.	the rally attracted considerable criticism from gay- rights activists.
katherine ann moss, commonly known as kate moss (born 16 january 1974), is an english supermodel who has appeared on over 300 magazine covers .	katherine ann moss, commonly known as kate moss (born 16 january 1974), is an english model who has appeared on over 300 magazine covers .
afghan authorities say that, in a joint ground and air operation on saturday night, afghan and foreign forces killed the head of isil/k, along with ten other terrorists .	afghan authorities say that, in a joint ground and air operation on saturday night, afghan and foreign forces killed the head of isil/k, along with ten other members of the militant group .
skool daze was a computer game created by david reidy for the zx spectrum and released by microsphere in 1985. a lacklustre commodore 64 port was subsequently made.	skool daze was a computer game created by david reidy for the zx spectrum and released by microsphere in 1985. a commodore 64 port was subsequently made.
sonia tschorne berestesky (born santiago, 26 april 1954) is an architect and prominent chilean politician.	sonia tschorne berestesky (born santiago, 26 april 1954) is an architect and chilean politician.
"according to journalists for mainstream us and british newspapers in the mid-1940s, the us-installed fascist greek government routinely used mass arrests, torture, and the forced expulsion and ""re-education"" of political undesirables."	"according to journalists for mainstream us and british newspapers in the mid-1940s, the us-installed greek government routinely used mass arrests, torture, and the forced expulsion and ""re-education"" of political undesirables."
donald john trump (born june 14, 1946) is an american real estate magnate, television personality, politician and author.	donald john trump (born june 14, 1946) is an american real estate magnate, television personality, and author.
died: gertrude berg, 66, american comedienne , stage and television actress, and producer best known for creating and starring in the goldbergs on radio and television, where she portrayed molly goldberg;	died: gertrude berg, 66, american comedian , stage and television actress, and producer best known for creating and starring in the goldbergs on radio and television, where she portrayed molly goldberg;
lili continues to dream about the handsome magician, wishing to replace his sexy assistant rosalie (zsa zsa gabor).	lili continues to dream about the handsome magician, wishing to replace his assistant rosalie (zsa zsa gabor).
$50,000 of local taxpayers money was wasted and the suit proved meritless, causing the parents organization to question if their school was just the unfortunate victim of a public relations exercise.	$50,000 of local taxpayers money was spent and the suit proved meritless, causing the parents organization to question if their school was just the unfortunate victim of a public relations exercise.
may 29 - ascension of bah'u'llh, founder of the bah' faith.	may 29 - death of bah'u'llh, founder of the bah' faith.
the game has been bastardized extensively by european immigrants to create its current form.	the game has been modified extensively by european immigrants to create its current form.
"dead to fall used a theremin on the recording of their colossal track, ""the future"" on their 2008 album, ""are you serious?""."	"dead to fall used a theremin on the recording of their track, ""the future"" on their 2008 album, ""are you serious?""."
environmentalists decry new urbanism as nothing more than conventional sprawl dressed up with superficial stylistic cues, while others routinely argue against new urbanism as being too dense, with too much mixed use and around-the-clock activity .	environmentalists decry new urbanism as nothing more than conventional sprawl dressed up with superficial stylistic cues, while nimby activists routinely argue against new urbanism as being too dense, with too much mixed use and around-the-clock activity.
william bouguereau (pronounced vill-yam boo-guh-roe) was a staunch traditionalist whose realistic genre paintings and mythological themes were modern interpretations of classical subjects with a heavy emphasis on the female human body.	william bouguereau (pronounced vill-yam boo-guh-roe) was a traditionalist whose realistic genre paintings and mythological themes were modern interpretations of classical subjects with a heavy emphasis on the female human body.
at the european election in 2004 they polled 17,280 votes, only 1.9% of the welsh total.	at the european election in 2004 they polled 17,280 votes, 1.9% of the welsh total.
after the murder, gibbonsdown residents' board chairwoman molly conway slammed the police for a lack of manpower and patrols on an estate well known as having problems with crime and anti-social behaviour.	after the murder, gibbonsdown residents' board chairwoman molly conway made complaints about the police for a lack of manpower and patrols on an estate well known as having problems with crime and anti-social behaviour.
early models suffered from catastrophic metal fatigue, causing a string of well- publicized accidents, and the aircraft was withdrawn temporarily and redesigned.	early models suffered from catastrophic metal fatigue, causing a string of well- publicised accidents, and the aircraft was withdrawn temporarily and redesigned.
there is also much criticism about whether negative evidence is really so rarely encountered by children.	there is also criticism about whether negative evidence is really so rarely encountered by children.
the original architecture lacked much provision for expandability, but using a series of inspired hacks , the apple developers managed to make the addition of color and the new video architecture virtually seamless to both developers and end users.	the original architecture lacked much provision for expandability, but using a series of hacks , the apple developers managed to make the addition of color and the new video architecture virtually seamless to both developers and end users.
"the 2003 invasion of iraq, also called ""operation iraqi freedom,"" was launched by the united states and the united kingdom on march 20, 2003, with assistance from a loose ""coalition of the willing""."	"the 2003 invasion of iraq, also called ""operation iraqi freedom,"" was launched by the united states and the united kingdom on march 20, 2003, with assistance from a ""coalition of the willing""."
"the term girl is widely heard in the lyrics of popular music (such as with the song "" promiscuous girl""), most often meaning a young adult or teenaged female."	"the term girl is widely heard in the lyrics of popular music (such as with the song "" about a girl""), most often meaning a young adult or teenaged female."
the trump administration and congressional republicans have claimed that u.s. intelligence community probes into russian interference in the 2016 election were launched due to steele's dossier.	the trump administration and congressional republicans have asserted that u.s. intelligence community probes into russian interference in the 2016 election were launched due to steele's dossier.
the koch family foundations are a group of self-described charitable foundations in the united states associated with the family of fred c. koch.	the koch family foundations are a group of charitable foundations in the united states associated with the family of fred c. koch.
from an israeli military standpoint, the invasion was a limited success, removing plo presence from southern lebanon and destruction of its infrastructure, as well as increasing deterrence on other arab terrorist organizations.	from an israeli military standpoint, the invasion was a limited success, removing plo presence from southern lebanon and destruction of its infrastructure, as well as increasing deterrence on other arab anti-israeli combat organizations.
the club has a very active sailing organization, 3 pools including a 50-meter outdoor olympic-sized pool with a breathtaking view of the lake, 18 tennis courts, and full service clubhouse.	the club has a very active sailing organization, 3 pools including a 50-meter outdoor olympic-sized pool with a scenic view of the lake, 18 tennis courts, and full service clubhouse.
"when it finally arrived, goats head soup (1973) was disappointing, with the stones' unique sound diluted by the influence of glam rock and memorable only for the hit single ""angie,"" popularly believed to be about david bowie's new wife but in reality another of richards' odes to pallenberg."	"when it finally arrived, goats head soup (1973) was disappointing, with the stones' unique sound diluted by the influence of glam rock and memorable largely for the hit single ""angie,"" popularly believed to be about david bowie's new wife but in reality another of richards' odes to pallenberg."
vancouver also attracts cannabis-oriented tourists because of the notoriety of its indigenous drug culture and high-strength hydroponically-grown marijuana.	vancouver also attracts cannabis-oriented tourists because of the reputation of its indigenous drug culture and high-strength hydroponically-grown marijuana.
he is perhaps best known for playing the title roles in two successful television series, eerie, indiana: the other dimension and sabrina: the animated series.	he is perhaps best known for playing the title roles in two television series, eerie, indiana: the other dimension and sabrina: the animated series.
roughly half of all palestinians continue to live in parts of british mandate palestinean area today known as israel, the west bank, the gaza strip, and east jerusalem.	roughly half of all palestinians continue to live in parts of the former mandate palestinean area today known as israel, the west bank, the gaza strip, and east jerusalem.
the wranglers' run ended in the championship game with a 23-3 dismantling by the philadelphia stars.	the wranglers' run ended in the championship game with a 23-3 defeat by the philadelphia stars.
a bizarre relic of the great war, tucked away in a backstreet in bonnington, edinburgh.	a relic of the great war, tucked away in a backstreet in bonnington, edinburgh.
erskineville is a popular location with residents because of its close proximity to the city, trendy cafes and village atmosphere.	erskineville is a popular location with residents because of its close proximity to the city, cafes and village atmosphere.
hyman rickover was born to a jewish family in makw mazowiecki of poland, but at that time and prior to world war i under russian occupation .	hyman rickover was born to a jewish family in makw mazowiecki of poland, but at that time and prior to world war i under russian jurisdiction .
with better copyright protection laws late in the century, songwriters, composers, lyricists, and publishers started working together for their mutual financial benefit.	with stronger copyright protection laws late in the century, songwriters, composers, lyricists, and publishers started working together for their mutual financial benefit.
there were many incarnations of regional news programmes in this area before the current programme was introduced in 2001. these included the london segment of the fondly-remembered nationwide from lime grove studios; in this case, the regional presenters for london were also usually the main presenters of the national sequence of the programme which followed.	there were many incarnations of regional news programmes in this area before the current programme was introduced in 2001. these included the london segment of the nationwide from lime grove studios; in this case, the regional presenters for london were also usually the main presenters of the national sequence of the programme which followed.
in its field, it is noteworthy and cited.	in its field, it is noted and cited.
kranz served as a flight director, the worthy successor to nasa founding flight director chris kraft, during the gemini and apollo programs, and is best known for his role in directing the successful mission control team efforts to save the crew of apollo 13, which later became the subject story of a major motion picture of the same name.	kranz served as a flight director, the successor to nasa founding flight director chris kraft, during the gemini and apollo programs, and is best known for his role in directing the successful mission control team efforts to save the crew of apollo 13, which later became the subject story of a major motion picture of the same name.
the word was used in a humourous commercial for geico insurance.	the word was used in a commercial for geico insurance.
following a guest appearance by ross on the the russell brand show broadcast on 16 october 2008, ross was suspended for 12 weeks by the bbc on 29 october, after a series of obscene phone calls to 78-year-old actor andrew sachs was broadcast on the show.	following a guest appearance by ross on the the russell brand show broadcast on 16 october 2008, ross was suspended for 12 weeks by the bbc on 29 october, after a series of provocative phone calls to 78-year-old actor andrew sachs was broadcast on the show.
principal backer jan stenbeck unfortunately died of a heart attack in august 2002. this was sweden's first america's cup bid since 1992.	principal backer jan stenbeck died of a heart attack in august 2002. this was sweden's first america's cup bid since 1992.
in the opening game, india thrashed cambodia 6–0 with chhetri scoring two goals.	in the opening game, india defeated cambodia 6–0 with chhetri scoring two goals.
it advocates forced school prayer and supports corporal punishment.	it advocates school prayer and supports corporal punishment.
krzywicka published a series of articles in wiadomoci literackie (literary news) (from 1926), eleski wrote numerous articles (brewerie (brawls) 1926, dziewice konsystorskie (consistory virgins) 1929, pieko kobiet (hell for women) 1930, zmysy, zmysy (libido, libido) 1932, nasi okupanci (our invaders) 1932), among others, in which he protested against harmful interference by the roman catholic church into the intimate lives of poles.	krzywicka published a series of articles in wiadomoci literackie (literary news) (from 1926), eleski wrote numerous articles (brewerie (brawls) 1926, dziewice konsystorskie (consistory virgins) 1929, pieko kobiet (hell for women) 1930, zmysy, zmysy (libido, libido) 1932, nasi okupanci (our invaders) 1932), among others, in which he protested against interference by the roman catholic church into the intimate lives of poles.
"the airport has therefore created several public viewing areas since the airport opened in 1938. whilst the 1960/70s pier-top facilities have been closed because of security concerns, an excellent official ""aviation viewing park"" has been created, just off the a538 on the western edge of the airfield."	"the airport has therefore created several public viewing areas since the airport opened in 1938. whilst the 1960/70s pier-top facilities have been closed because of security concerns, an official ""aviation viewing park"" has been created, just off the a538 on the western edge of the airfield."
during the olympics, the ottoman empire was incorrectly referred to as turkey.	during the olympics, the ottoman empire was referred to as turkey.
outside of his linguistic work, chomsky is also widely known for his radical left-wing political views and his criticism of the foreign policy of u.s. governments.	outside of his linguistic work, chomsky is also widely known for his left-wing political views and his criticism of the foreign policy of u.s. governments.
he is a member of the platinum-selling rap duo luniz along with numskull.	he is a member of the rap duo luniz along with numskull.
india is a noisy democracy with incessant and rumbustious activism.	india has often been described as a noisy democracy with incessant and rumbustious activism.
the china study is a 2004 activist book by t. colin campbell (the jacob gould schurman professor emeritus of nutritional biochemistry at cornell university), and his son, thomas m. campbell ii, a physician.	the china study is a 2004 book by t. colin campbell (the jacob gould schurman professor emeritus of nutritional biochemistry at cornell university), and his son, thomas m. campbell ii, a physician.
typically, this is done so that the player may imagine himself in the adventure without being required to play a character who is of a different age, race, gender, or background.	typically, this is done so that the player may imagine him– or herself in the adventure without being required to play a character who is of a different age, race, gender, or background.
in pagan rome, it was expected that an honorable woman, being raped, would like lucretia remove the stain on her /his honor by committing suicide.	in pagan rome, it was expected that an honorable woman, being raped, would like lucretia remove the stain on her honor by committing suicide.
the archaeologist's claims were refuted in a 1995 article published by the institute for psychological therapies.	the archaeologist's claims were contested in a 1995 article published by the institute for psychological therapies.
in place of centralized political structures and exploitative economic institutions, anarchists advocate social relations based upon voluntary and non-hierarchical association of autonomous individuals and self-governance.	in place of centralized political structures and coercive economic institutions, anarchists advocate social relations based upon voluntary and non-hierarchical association of autonomous individuals and self-governance.
expelled: no intelligence allowed is a controversial 2008 film , which claims that american educators and scientists are being persecuted for their belief that there is evidence of intelligent design in nature.	expelled: no intelligence allowed is a controversial 2008 film , which claims that american educators and scientists are being persecuted for their position that there is evidence of intelligent design in nature.
the area of the courtyard known as the art of animation gallery is where guests can see some of the original artwork and the creative process from beloved disney and pixar animated films, featuring scenery from the films as well as concept art of the characters.	the area of the courtyard known as the art of animation gallery is where guests can see some of the original artwork and the creative process from disney and pixar animated films, featuring scenery from the films as well as concept art of the characters.
after the peace of zsitvatorok and the unfavorable result of the war with persia, sultan ahmet i, decided to build a big mosque in istanbul to reassert ottoman power.	after the peace of zsitvatorok and the result of the war with persia, sultan ahmet i, decided to build a big mosque in istanbul to reassert ottoman power.
harrelson's breakthrough role came in the classic sitcom cheers as woody boyd.	harrelson's breakthrough role came in the sitcom cheers as woody boyd.
the success of the fairbairn sykes knife in wwii, and in the wars against korea and vietnam, many companies made their own versions of the f-s fighting knife.	the success of the fairbairn sykes knife in wwii, and in the wars in korea and vietnam, many companies made their own versions of the f-s fighting knife.
in general, phone service via voip is free or costs much less than equivalent service from traditional sources but similar to alternative public switched telephone network (pstn) service providers.	in general, phone service via voip is free or costs less than equivalent service from traditional sources but similar to alternative public switched telephone network (pstn) service providers.
the nationalist campaign against the investiture culminated with an attempted bombing of the royal train by two members of the mudiad amddiffyn cymru as it passed through abergele on the eve of the investiture, sadly resulting in the two bombers' deaths.	the nationalist campaign against the investiture culminated with an attempted bombing of the royal train by two members of the mudiad amddiffyn cymru as it passed through abergele on the eve of the investiture, resulting in the two bombers' deaths.
nablus (arabic نابلس (nāblus); hebrew שכם (šəḫem); kjv bible shechem) is one of the largest arab palestinian cities with population of about 300,000 located in the disputed territories, also known as the west bank or judea and samaria region, about 63 kilometers north of jerusalem.	nablus (arabic نابلس (nāblus); hebrew שכם (šəḫem); kjv bible shechem) is one of the largest arab palestinian cities with population of about 300,000 located in the occupied territories, also known as the west bank or judea and samaria region, about 63 kilometers north of jerusalem.
their products are frequently sold in u.s. supermarkets in the foreign foods/import section.	their products are sold in u.s. supermarkets in the foreign foods/import section.
"the phrase ""in gold coin"" was reduced to ""in gold"" as the physical amount of gold represented would vary with changes in the government price."	"the phrase ""in gold coin"" was changed to ""in gold"" as the physical amount of gold represented would vary with changes in the government price."
another occurrence of a river bifurcation was in serbia , europe in the nerodimka river.	another occurrence of a river bifurcation was in kosovo , europe in the nerodimka river.
ujjwala raut (born june 11, 1978) is an indian supermodel .	ujjwala raut (born june 11, 1978) is an indian model .
during archuleta's arrival in the philippines, several blogs reported that the singer was fascinated with failed international singer regine velasquez.	during archuleta's arrival in the philippines, several blogs reported that the singer was fascinated with successful international singer regine velasquez.
england thrashed australia by seven wickets and three overs to spare.	england beat australia by seven wickets and three overs to spare.
several leftist journalists, including tim wise and max blumenthal, have criticized horowitz for allegedly featuring the writing of, and sympathetically portraying, white nationalists in publications he has edited.	several journalists, including tim wise and max blumenthal, have criticized horowitz for allegedly featuring the writing of, and sympathetically portraying, white nationalists in publications he has edited.
miaphysitism, the christology of the oriental orthodox churches, is sometimes incorrectly considered a variant of monophysitism, but these churches are at pains to distinguish their teaching from monophysitism per se.	miaphysitism, the christology of the oriental orthodox churches, is sometimes considered a variant of monophysitism, but these churches are at pains to distinguish their teaching from monophysitism per se.
"the show has been slandered by variety magazine for ""capitalizing on the american public's fascination with hitler to produce a show based on a theory, while providing no evidence to substantiate the theory."""	"the show has been criticised by variety magazine for ""capitalizing on the american public's fascination with hitler to produce a show based on a theory, while providing no evidence to substantiate the theory."""
"his obituary in the daily telegraph noted that he ""was the most avidly watched presenter on television""."	"his obituary in the daily telegraph said that he ""was the most avidly watched presenter on television""."
content on the subreddit was often racist, homophobic and transphobic in nature.	content on the subreddit was considered racist, homophobic and transphobic in nature.
produced and mixed by tucker martine, city of refuge boasts an extensive and impressive list of collaborators, players, and singers, including bill frisell, jeremy kittel, viktor krauss, guzheng master wu fei, and kai welch.	produced and mixed by tucker martine, city of refuge boasts an extensive and extensive list of collaborators, players, and singers, including bill frisell, jeremy kittel, viktor krauss, guzheng master wu fei, and kai welch.
such claims by afrocentrists have not been limited to egyptians: carthaginian general hannibal and roman emperor septimius severus have also been claimed as black, despite non-existent evidence, as well as the ancient greek philosopher socrates.	such claims by afrocentrists have not been limited to egyptians: carthaginian general hannibal and roman emperor septimius severus have also been claimed as black, despite disputed evidence, as well as the ancient greek philosopher socrates.
consequently, the entire trench could not be enfiladed if the enemy gained access at one point; or if a bomb or shell landed in the trench, the fragmentation (often erroneously called shrapnel) could not travel far.	consequently, the entire trench could not be enfiladed if the enemy gained access at one point; or if a bomb or shell landed in the trench, the fragmentation (often called shrapnel) could not travel far.
saladin captured raynald de chatillon and was personally responsible for his execution in part for murdering saladin's sister.	saladin captured raynald de chatillon and was personally responsible for his execution in part for the death of saladin's sister.
21.5 billion kilocalories (21 tcal)	21.5 million million kilocalories (21 tcal)
although human life is declared to be a basic value in many societies there is still no strong awareness and thus demand of the society to cancel human ageing.	although human life is declared to be a basic value in many societies there is no strong awareness and thus demand of the society to cancel human ageing.
incumbent wayne gilchrest, a liberal republican, faced conservative state senator andy harris in the republican primary.	incumbent wayne gilchrest, a republican, faced conservative state senator andy harris in the republican primary.
the tham luang cave rescue, known internationally as the thailand cave rescue, was a large-scale rescue operation to locate and evacuate twelve boys, aged 11 to 17, and a 25-year-old man who became stranded in the cave tham luang nang non (great cave of the sleeping lady, ) in thailand's chiang rai province.	the tham luang cave rescue, known also as the thailand cave rescue, was a large-scale rescue operation to locate and evacuate twelve boys, aged 11 to 17, and a 25-year-old man who became stranded in the cave tham luang nang non (great cave of the sleeping lady, ) in thailand's chiang rai province.
in the words of the great urban scholar lewis mumford, neighbourhoods, in some primitive, inchoate fashion exist wherever human beings congregate, in permanent family dwellings; and many of the functions of the city tend to be distributed naturallythat is, without any theoretical preoccupation or political directioninto neighbourhoods.	in the words of the urban scholar lewis mumford, neighbourhoods, in some primitive, inchoate fashion exist wherever human beings congregate, in permanent family dwellings; and many of the functions of the city tend to be distributed naturallythat is, without any theoretical preoccupation or political directioninto neighbourhoods.
it is an important area for its wildlife, natural beauty and water storage.	it is an important area for its wildlife, natural environment and water storage.
in oliver's twiested opinion, the communists wished to eliminate kennedy as a puppet who had outlived his usefulness.	in oliver's opinion, the communists wished to eliminate kennedy as a puppet who had outlived his usefulness.
corrective shoe inserts are often incorrectly referred to as orthotics.	corrective shoe inserts are often referred to as orthotics.
"hampton was assassinated while sleeping beside his fiance and child at his apartment during a raid by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office, in conjunction with the chicago police department and the federal bureau of investigation in december 1969. the event was originally incorrectly reported in the chicago tribune as ""a wild gun battle"" initiated by hampton and six other members of the black panther party against police."	"hampton was killed while sleeping beside his fiance and child at his apartment during a raid by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois state's attorney's office, in conjunction with the chicago police department and the federal bureau of investigation in december 1969. the event was originally incorrectly reported in the chicago tribune as ""a wild gun battle"" initiated by hampton and six other members of the black panther party against police."
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, u.k. or the uk) is a country situated in the british isles off the north-western coast of continental europe, and surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.	the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland (usually shortened to the united kingdom, u.k. or the uk) is a state situated in the british isles off the north-western coast of continental europe, and surrounded by the north sea, the english channel, the celtic sea, the irish sea, and the atlantic ocean.
upson was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society as a senior.	upson was elected to the sphinx head society as a senior.
it tragically came to world attention on 23 december 2004 when 28 people were murdered and another 28 injured while returning from the centre of san pedro sula by a gang opposed to the (proposed) restoration of the death penalty in honduras.	it came to world attention on 23 december 2004 when 28 people were murdered and another 28 injured while returning from the centre of san pedro sula by a gang opposed to the (proposed) restoration of the death penalty in honduras.
'alia and the three children travelled to beirut, but, after discovering that the french were searching for them there, they stopped in haifa in palestine, and travelled from there to egypt, where she sought political asylum for her and her three children; they were later granted the right of political asylum in 1926 by the egyptian government, thus neutralized as egyptian citizens.	'alia and the three children travelled to beirut, but, after discovering that the french were searching for them there, they stopped in haifa in palestine, and travelled from there to egypt, where she sought political asylum for her and her three children; they were later granted the right of political asylum in 1926 by the egyptian government, thus naturalized as egyptian citizens.
the building was designed by architect william tite and was famously used as a location in the 1945 film brief encounter.	the building was designed by architect william tite and was used as a location in the 1945 film brief encounter.
lacking a real cooperative bigfoot, patterson and gimlin would have needed a costume to present a reasonable representation of the creature supposedly encountered.	lacking a cooperative bigfoot, patterson and gimlin would have needed a costume to present a reasonable representation of the creature supposedly encountered.
in another article in the wake of the infamous toronto 18 arrests he extended the critique to include police, the government and the media:	in another article in the wake of the toronto 18 arrests he extended the critique to include police, the government and the media:
saint vedast or vedastus, also known as saint vaast (in flemish, norman, and picard) or saint waast (also in picard and walloon) and saint gaston in french, (died c. 540) was an early bishop in the frankish realm.	vedast or vedastus, also known as saint vaast (in flemish, norman, and picard) or saint waast (also in picard and walloon) and saint gaston in french, (died c. 540) was an early bishop in the frankish realm.
hitler's remarks against atheism	hitler's remarks on atheism
joseph wiseman as dr. julius no: main antagonist and a reclusive member of spectre.	joseph wiseman as dr. julius no: main antagonist and a member of spectre.
"there are seven so-called business resource groups: women, african-americans, hispanics, asians, native americans, gays and lesbians, and a disabled group."""	"there are seven business resource groups: women, african-americans, hispanics, asians, native americans, gays and lesbians, and a disabled group."""
"richard greene is a virtuoso violinist (aka fiddler) and ""one of the most innovative and influential fiddle players of all time""."	"richard greene is a violinist (aka fiddler) and ""one of the most innovative and influential fiddle players of all time""."
there are no accessible roads, and it is a 20 min walk up the hill with a breathtaking view.	there are no accessible roads, and it is a 20 min walk up the hill with a scenic view.
jehovah's witnesses are an international supposively christian denomination which had its origins in the united states with the 19th century millerite and bible student movements.	jehovah's witnesses are an international christian denomination which had its origins in the united states with the 19th century millerite and bible student movements.
bradman himself described pollock, along with sir garfield sobers, as the best left-handed batsman he had ever seen play cricket.	bradman described pollock, along with sir garfield sobers, as the best left-handed batsman he had ever seen play cricket.
in this respect, natural law as described in the interaction between abraham and god predates the later greek exposition of it by plato, socrates and aristotle.	in this respect, natural law as interpretated in the interaction between abraham and god predates the later greek exposition of it by plato, socrates and aristotle.
the basotho nation (modern lesotho) emerged from the genius diplomacy of moshoeshoe i who gathered together disparate clans of sotho origin that had dispersed across southern africa in the early nineteenth century.	the basotho nation (modern lesotho) emerged from the accomplished diplomacy of moshoeshoe i who gathered together disparate clans of sotho origin that had dispersed across southern africa in the early nineteenth century.
his dissertation advisor was eminent christian professor dallas willard.	his dissertation advisor was christian professor dallas willard.
"magdalene m. ""magda"" szubanski ( ; born 12 april 1961) is an australian actress, comedienne , television presenter, radio host and author."	"magdalene m. ""magda"" szubanski ( ; born 12 april 1961) is an australian actress, comedian , television presenter, radio host and author."
greek translation of the hebrew bible, which includes the deuterocanonical books, a series of books that were not part of the hebrew scriptures but considered part of the bible by greek-speaking jews of the era, and later accepted as part of the old testament by the christians.	greek translation of the hebrew bible, which includes the deuterocanonical books, a series of books that were not part of the hebrew scriptures but considered part of the bible by greek-speaking jews of the era, and later accepted as part of the old testament by christians.
his first major breakthrough into film came with his over-the-top role as a drag queen in priscilla, queen of the desert in 1994. since then, he has appeared in several us productions including l.a. confidential, ravenous, rules of engagement, memento, the count of monte cristo, and the time machine.	his first major breakthrough into film came with his role as a drag queen in priscilla, queen of the desert in 1994. since then, he has appeared in several us productions including l.a. confidential, ravenous, rules of engagement, memento, the count of monte cristo, and the time machine.
the nsf's survey of public attitudes toward and understanding of science and technology reveals that the public has a good attitude toward science but a poor understanding of it.	the nsf's survey of public attitudes toward and understanding of science and technology reveals that the public has a positive attitude toward science but a poor understanding of it.
latasha harlins (july 14, 1975 march 16, 1991) was a 15-year-old african-american girl who was unlawfully shot and killed by soon ja du (hangul: ), a 51-year-old female korean-american store owner.	latasha harlins (july 14, 1975 march 16, 1991) was a 15-year-old african-american girl who was shot and killed by soon ja du (hangul: ), a 51-year-old female korean-american store owner.
suburban sprawl near cincinnati, ohio	suburban housing near cincinnati, ohio
married to abu al-aas ibn al-rabiah prior to his accepting islam, she became the mother of ali ibn zainab and umamah bint zainab.	married to abu al-aas ibn al-rabiah prior to his conversion to islam, she became the mother of ali ibn zainab and umamah bint zainab.
his work, publicized by the nobel laureate william shockley, sparked controversy amongst the academic community and even led to student unrest.	jensen's work, publicized by the nobel laureate william shockley, sparked controversy amongst the academic community and even led to student unrest.
ingmar bergman found bleakness and despair as well as comedy and hope in his indelible explorations of the human condition.	ingmar bergman found bleakness and despair as well as comedy and hope in his explorations of the human condition.
in response, okanagan mp dan albas tabled a bill known as bill c-311, which would repeal this antiquated restriction and allow the interprovincial distribution of wine (but not beer or spirits).	in response, okanagan mp dan albas tabled a bill known as bill c-311, which would repeal this restriction and allow the interprovincial distribution of wine (but not beer or spirits).
september 13: three senior militants belonging to the fatah al-aqsa martyrs brigades were killed in an israeli targeted assassination in jenin.	september 13: three senior militants belonging to the fatah al-aqsa martyrs brigades were killed in an israeli targeted killing in jenin.
tanya dziahileva/dyagileva (, ; born 4 june 1991 in vitebsk, belarusian ssr), is a belarusian supermodel .	tanya dziahileva/dyagileva (, ; born 4 june 1991 in vitebsk, belarusian ssr), is a belarusian model .
israel is currently also embroiled in an ongoing conflict with palestinians in the occupied territories controlled since the six day war in 1967, despite the signing of the oslo accords on september 13 1993, and the ongoing efforts of israeli, palestinian and global peacemakers.	israel is currently also embroiled in an ongoing conflict with palestinians in the territories controlled since the six day war in 1967, despite the signing of the oslo accords on september 13 1993, and the ongoing efforts of israeli, palestinian and global peacemakers.
freja beha erichsen (born october 18, 1987 in roskilde) also known as freja beha, is a danish supermodel .	freja beha erichsen (born october 18, 1987 in roskilde) also known as freja beha, is a danish model .
while performing at the prestigious montreal just for laughs festival in 2008, burnham met with the award-winning director and producer judd apatow.	while performing at the montreal just for laughs festival in 2008, burnham met with the award-winning director and producer judd apatow.
metropolitan areas, which imply much more complicated definitions (such as the proportion of people in satellite cities working in the core of the metropolitan area), can be accurately computed only by statistical offices, after they have chosen a definition for metropolitan areas, but unfortunately the majority of european statistical offices do not define or compute metropolitan areas.	metropolitan areas, which imply much more complicated definitions (such as the proportion of people in satellite cities working in the core of the metropolitan area), can be accurately computed only by statistical offices, after they have chosen a definition for metropolitan areas, but the majority of european statistical offices do not define or compute metropolitan areas.
"une souris verte (""a green mouse"") is a strange children's song, very well known in france, dated to the 18th century or the end of the 17th century."	"une souris verte (""a green mouse"") is a children's song, very well known in france, dated to the 18th century or the end of the 17th century."
the program was hosted by legendary sports announcers jim britt and don gillis.	the program was hosted by sports announcers jim britt and don gillis.
"in the interview francis disclosed that while he was working undercover within an anti-racist campaign group in the mid-1990s, he was constantly pressured by superiors to ""smear"" the credibilities of the family of lawrence so as to put an end to campaigns for a better investigation into lawrence's death."	"in the interview francis stated that while he was working undercover within an anti-racist campaign group in the mid-1990s, he was constantly pressured by superiors to ""smear"" the credibilities of the family of lawrence so as to put an end to campaigns for a better investigation into lawrence's death."
viktor orbn is rightly demonized by the majority of the left wing and liberal media.	viktor orbn is demonized by the majority of the left wing and liberal media.
in that work, heraclius is portrayed as declining the prophet's command to renounce his false belief in christianity; he is therefore defeated by the muslim forces.	in that work, heraclius is portrayed as declining the prophet's command to renounce his belief in christianity; he is therefore defeated by the muslim forces.
according to secular scholars, in early hebrew thought, god appears and speaks directly to individuals .	according to historical scholars, in early hebrew thought, god appears and speaks directly to individuals .
finally , harry and some other ira men kidnap danny and take him away to be executed.	eventually , harry and some other ira men kidnap danny and take him away to be executed.
a ladder was also commonly used with the condemned being forced to ascend, after which the noose was tied and the ladder pulled away or turned, leaving the victim hanging.	a ladder was also commonly used with the condemned being forced to ascend, after which the noose was tied and the ladder pulled away or turned, leaving the condemned hanging.
onassis married brazilian olympic showjumper lvaro de miranda neto in 2005. the couple legally separated in 2016; divorce negotiations began almost immediately, with onassis hiring the notorious divorce lawyer robert stephan cohen	onassis married brazilian olympic showjumper lvaro de miranda neto in 2005. the couple legally separated in 2016; divorce negotiations began almost immediately, with onassis hiring the high-profile divorce lawyer robert stephan cohen
surfers paradise meter maids are bikini-clad hot women who operate in surfers paradise a surfing, entertainment and tourism centre on the gold coast of queensland, australia.	surfers paradise meter maids are bikini-clad women who operate in surfers paradise a surfing, entertainment and tourism centre on the gold coast of queensland, australia.
this document, issued on september 17, 2002, is generally recognized as a watershed document in the war on terrorism.	this document, issued on september 17, 2002, is generally recognized as a significant document in the war on terrorism.
thomas ridgewell (born 27 june 1990), also known as tomska, is a british film and video creator, best known for internet creations such as asdfmovie and eddsworld, as well as regularly releasing vlogs and other specially produced internet films.	thomas ridgewell (born 27 june 1990), also known as tomska, is a british film and video creator, known for internet creations such as asdfmovie and eddsworld, as well as regularly releasing vlogs and other specially produced internet films.
in may, 2005, the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit surprisingly struck down the broadcast flag mandate in a unanimous ruling, holding that the fcc overstepped its statutory authority when it asserted control of any device capable of receiving an hdtv signal.	in may, 2005, the united states court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit struck down the broadcast flag mandate in a unanimous ruling, holding that the fcc overstepped its statutory authority when it asserted control of any device capable of receiving an hdtv signal.
grand central terminal (gct) often erroneously called grand central station, and often shortened to simply grand centralis a commuter rail terminal station at 42nd street and park avenue in midtown manhattan in new york city, united states.	grand central terminal (gct) often called grand central station, and often shortened to simply grand centralis a commuter rail terminal station at 42nd street and park avenue in midtown manhattan in new york city, united states.
some tv shows seem to fit the auteur theory of filmmaking—david e. kelley, for example, is widely believed to write almost all of every script for every one of his shows, while other shows, particularly sitcoms, are very much the result of groupthink .	some tv shows seem to fit the auteur theory of filmmaking—david e. kelley, for example, is widely believed to write almost all of every script for every one of his shows, while other shows, particularly sitcoms, are very much the result of collaboration .
tufts notably has an extremely active and competitive a cappella scene, being home to numerous prestigious a cappella groups that (somewhat humorously) each lay claim to a particular niche of tufts culture.	tufts notably has an active and competitive a cappella scene, being home to numerous prestigious a cappella groups that (somewhat humorously) each lay claim to a particular niche of tufts culture.
at one extreme are economists from the austrian school and the chicago school who want the federal reserve system abolished.	at one are economists from the austrian school and the chicago school who want the federal reserve system abolished.
tila nguyen (ipa: ) (born october 24, 1981 in singapore), best known as tila tequila, is an american bisexual glamour model, and singer.	tila nguyen (ipa: ) (born october 24, 1981 in singapore), best known as tila tequila, is an american glamour model, and singer.
mortal kombat (commonly abbreviated as mk) is a popular series of fighting games created by ed boon and john tobias.	mortal kombat (commonly abbreviated as mk) is a series of fighting games created by ed boon and john tobias.
in recent times, however, its thriving tourist industry along with developments in transportation and communications have removed the country from its isolation and its political system was thoroughly modernized in 1993, the year in which it finally became a member of the united nations.	in recent times, however, its thriving tourist industry along with developments in transportation and communications have removed the country from its isolation and its political system was thoroughly modernized in 1993, the year in which it became a member of the united nations.
during the september 11, 2001 attacks the us was holding multiple annual and one-time war games with at least one strongly resembling the actual attacks.	during the september 11, 2001 attacks the us was holding multiple annual and one-time war games with at least one resembling the actual attacks.
black magic or dark magic is a alleged type of magic that draws on malevolent powers.	black magic or dark magic is a type of magic that draws on malevolent powers.
pyjama party is an unruly and sassy sketch comedy show with full of music, entertainment, personal accounts of the comediennes private lives and weird performances such as awkward wedding speeches and clumsy lap dances.	pyjama party is an unruly and sassy sketch comedy show with full of music, entertainment, personal accounts of the comedians private lives and weird performances such as awkward wedding speeches and clumsy lap dances.
"in the book watkins shows the straight ""roman roads"" were based on earlier ancient tracks."	"in the book watkins claims the straight ""roman roads"" were based on earlier ancient tracks."
by the end of the war, danish, hungarian, dutch, norwegian, estonian, finnish, french, romanian, swedish, swiss and even british volunteers had either served in the division or been attached to it.	by the end of the war, danish, hungarian, dutch, norwegian, estonian, finnish, french, romanian, swedish, swiss and british volunteers had either served in the division or been attached to it.
the school is considered to provide a proper education to those who are motivated.	the school is considered to provide a high class education to those who are motivated.
however, many believe it was a publicity stunt and a failure as the g8 have already forgotten their pledges.	however, others believe it was a publicity stunt and a failure as the g8 have already forgotten their pledges.
"the ""classic"" series was released to dvd as jonny quest: the complete first season in 2004. it should be noted, however, that this dvd set contained some minor editing of the episode ""pursuit of the poho,"" as well as sloppy use of the same set of syndicated credits for all episodes."	"the ""classic"" series was released to dvd as jonny quest: the complete first season in 2004. it should be noted, however, that this dvd set contained some minor editing of the episode ""pursuit of the poho,"" as well as use of the same set of syndicated credits for all episodes."
polly becker is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by victoria gould from april 1997 to september 1998.	polly becker is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by victoria gould from april 1997 to september 1998.
in early 2005, rick s. piltz resigned from his position as a senior associate in the u.s. climate change science program and revealed that cooney had been editing government climate reports to emphasize doubts about global warming.	in early 2005, rick s. piltz resigned from his position as a senior associate in the u.s. climate change science program and claimed that cooney had been editing government climate reports to emphasize doubts about global warming.
as most u.s. companies still authenticate a client by asking only for a social security number, date of birth, or mother's maiden name, the method is effective in many criminal situations and will likely continue to be a security problem in the future.	as most u.s. companies still authenticate a client by asking only for a social security number, date of birth, or mother's maiden name, the method is effective in many situations and will likely continue to be a security problem in the future.
he remained generally outside politics until the beginning of the 1980s when the leftist fmln terrorists and their campesino followers, armed and trained by cuba, began squatting on farms.	he remained generally outside politics until the beginning of the 1980s when the leftist fmln guerillas and their campesino followers, armed and trained by cuba, began squatting on farms.
the tour was unfortunately cut short due to a bomb exploding near the new zealand team's hotel in colombo.	the tour was cut short due to a bomb exploding near the new zealand team's hotel in colombo.
if the conduct of the individual presents a danger to the members of the congregation, a talk may be given regarding the conduct (without naming the individual), thus 'marking' the member in the minds of those who know of the conduct.	if the conduct of the individual is considered a danger to the members of the congregation, a talk may be given regarding the conduct (without naming the individual), thus 'marking' the member in the minds of those who know of the conduct.
this favors the wasting of millions of dollars in propaganda and campaign, and the expansion of clientelism, which has corrupted the system throughout the years.	this favors the spending of millions of dollars in propaganda and campaign, and the expansion of clientelism, which has corrupted the system throughout the years.
though paid attendance at games remained respectable, if unimpressive (overall attendance were only 10% below what the league's goal had been at the start of the season), the xfl ceased operations after just one season due to astonishingly low tv ratings.	though paid attendance at games remained respectable, if unimpressive (overall attendance were only 10% below what the league's goal had been at the start of the season), the xfl ceased operations after just one season due to low tv ratings.
most of these antibodies, like the human antibodies f10, fi6, cr6261, recognize sites in the stem/stalk region region (orange region in figure at right), far away from the receptor binding site.	most of these antibodies, like the human antibodies f10, fi6, cr6261, recognize sites in the stem/stalk region (orange region in figure at right), far away from the receptor binding site.
martin vui (born 7 august, 1982 in skopje, sfr yugoslavia) is a famous pop musician from the republic of macedonia.	martin vui (born 7 august, 1982 in skopje, sfr yugoslavia) is a pop musician from the republic of macedonia.
elaine o'connor-nardo (marilu henner) - elaine is a beautiful divorced mother of two struggling to cope, while trying to realize her ambitions in the field of fine art.	elaine o'connor-nardo (marilu henner) - elaine is a divorced mother of two struggling to cope, while trying to realize her ambitions in the field of fine art.
"the swedish broadcasting company svt's news journal rapport not only provided high profile tv news coverage to the terrorist organisation al-aqsa martyrs' brigades in an interview their reporters conducted with leaders of that organisation, but also erroneously dubbed the questionable islamic society in denmark ""an organisation officially representing the muslim community in denmark""."	"the swedish broadcasting company svt's news journal rapport not only provided high profile tv news coverage to the terrorist organisation al-aqsa martyrs' brigades in an interview their reporters conducted with leaders of that organisation, but also erroneously dubbed the islamic society in denmark ""an organisation officially representing the muslim community in denmark""."
avatar (newspaper), a boston underground newspaper (19671968), last owned by the mel lyman family cult	avatar (newspaper), a boston underground newspaper (19671968), last owned by the mel lyman family
on 27 may 1971, lieutenant knuckey was also flying a battle damage assessment mission when his aircraft came under enemy fire and exploded.	on 27 may 1971, lieutenant knuckey was also flying a battle damage assessment mission when his aircraft came under machine gun fire and exploded.
on march 22, 2007, smith quit his position of uk head coach.	on march 22, 2007, smith resigned his position of uk head coach.
the new american standard bible (nasb) an english translation of the holy bible.	the new american standard bible (nasb) an english translation of the bible.
unfortunately , the xm-214 never made it past the prototype stage.	however , the xm-214 never made it past the prototype stage.
she was asked to perform at the 1994 winter olympics in lillehammer, but refused because she truthfully perceived the invitation as an attempt to bring a token minority to the ceremonies.	she was asked to perform at the 1994 winter olympics in lillehammer, but refused because she perceived the invitation as an attempt to bring a token minority to the ceremonies.
azerbaijani statements mistakenly claim that the territory of the modern armenian republic were lands that once belonged to azerbaijanis.	azerbaijani statements claim that the territory of the modern armenian republic were lands that once belonged to azerbaijanis.
in pakistan, punjabis comprise the largest ethnic group at roughly 60% of the total population of the country and reside predominantly in the province of punjab and azad kashmir.	in pakistan, punjabis comprise the largest ethnic group at roughly 60% of the total population of the country and reside predominantly in the province of punjab and pakistan-administered kashmir.
the film was nominated for worst picture and worst screen ensemble at the 33rd golden raspberry awards, but thankfully lost both to the twilight saga: breaking dawn - part 2.	the film was nominated for worst picture and worst screen ensemble at the 33rd golden raspberry awards, but lost both to the twilight saga: breaking dawn - part 2.
famous musicians who use prs guitars	musicians who use prs guitars
bad soden is a popular residential town for commuters working in frankfurt am main.	bad soden is a residential town for commuters working in frankfurt am main.
unfortunately maude was killed in the september 11, 2001 attacks.	maude was killed in the september 11, 2001 attacks.
with less than 10 seconds remaining, jordan started to dribble right, crossed over to his left, gave byron russell a notorious shove, pulled up, and fired his shot.	with less than 10 seconds remaining, jordan started to dribble right, crossed over to his left, gave byron russell a shove, pulled up, and fired his shot.
from 1964 onward wilson also began to use tape editing to craft his master recordings.	from 1964 onward wilson also began to use tape editing to craft his recordings.
some were taken to the loading dock area, away from reporters, but some reporters were also beaten viciously with metal bars, pipes, and bats and one's camera was destroyed.	some were taken to the loading dock area, away from reporters, but some reporters were also beaten with metal bars, pipes, and bats and one's camera was destroyed.
comprehensive reform aimed at creating universal health care in the united states has not been seriously considered by congress since.	comprehensive change aimed at creating universal health care in the united states has not been seriously considered by congress since.
in 1841, prosper mrime and his controversial friend george sand made a major contribution to the history of medieval art by discovering the luminous tapestries of the lady and the unicorn during a stay at the chteau de boussac in the limousin district of central france, which entered immediately into history thanks to the writings of george sand.	in 1841, prosper mrime and his friend george sand made a major contribution to the history of medieval art by discovering the luminous tapestries of the lady and the unicorn during a stay at the chteau de boussac in the limousin district of central france, which entered immediately into history thanks to the writings of george sand.
bo yibo (; 17 february 1908 – 15 january 2007) was a chinese politician and one of the eight immortals of the communist party of china.	bo yibo (; 17 february 1908 – 15 january 2007) was a chinese politician and one of the eight elders of the communist party of china.
cecilia vanger, banished daughter of harald vanger, one of henrik's brothers.	cecilia vanger, daughter of harald vanger, one of henrik's brothers.
initially, tabarzadi was held in the notorious political ward 209 of tehran's evin prison.	initially, tabarzadi was held in the political ward 209 of tehran's evin prison.
lexical suffixes are interesting suffixes found in the wakashan, salishan, and chimakuan languages of the pacific northwest of the united states.	lexical suffixes are suffixes found in the wakashan, salishan, and chimakuan languages of the pacific northwest of the united states.
(february 13, 1897 - april 25, 1983) was a jesuit roman catholic priest, also the lead exorcist in st. louis, missouri, united states, in the exorcism of a thirteen-year-old lutheran boy who became possessed after using a ouija board.	(february 13, 1897 - april 25, 1983) was a jesuit roman catholic priest, also the lead exorcist in st. louis, missouri, united states, in the exorcism of a thirteen-year-old lutheran boy who was reported to be demonically possessed after using a ouija board.
give out girls is a british television comedy series created by tony macmurray and stand up comedienne hatty ashdown.	give out girls is a british television comedy series created by tony macmurray and stand up comedian hatty ashdown.
according to andrea gerlins excellent wall street journal article, a matter of degree: how a jury decided that a coffee spill is worth $2.9 million, sept. 1, 1994, p. a1, members of the jury learned at the trial that, 180-degree super-heated coffee like that mcdonalds served, may produce third-degree burns (where skin grafting is necessary) in about 12 to 15 seconds (as a reference, the boiling point of water is 212 degrees fahrenheit).	according to andrea gerlins wall street journal article, a matter of degree: how a jury decided that a coffee spill is worth $2.9 million, sept. 1, 1994, p. a1, members of the jury learned at the trial that, 180-degree super-heated coffee like that mcdonalds served, may produce third-degree burns (where skin grafting is necessary) in about 12 to 15 seconds (as a reference, the boiling point of water is 212 degrees fahrenheit).
the insurgents are involved in asymmetric warfare and a war of attrition against the u.s.- created iraqi government and u.s. forces, while conducting coercive tactics against rivals or other militias.	the insurgents are involved in asymmetric warfare and a war of attrition against the u.s.- supported iraqi government and u.s. forces, while conducting coercive tactics against rivals or other militias.
although there are approximately 200 million starlings in north america, they are all descendants of approximately 60 birds foolishly released in central park, new york, by eugene schieffelin, who headed an acclimatization society trying to introduce to north america every bird species mentioned in the works of william shakespeare.	although there are approximately 200 million starlings in north america, they are all descendants of approximately 60 birds released in central park, new york, by eugene schieffelin, who headed an acclimatization society trying to introduce to north america every bird species mentioned in the works of william shakespeare.
world of warcraft: wrath of the lich king is the upcoming second expansion for the popular mmorpg world of warcraft, following the burning crusade.	world of warcraft: wrath of the lich king is the upcoming second expansion for the mmorpg world of warcraft, following the burning crusade.
the mutations arg151cys, arg160trp, asp294his, and arg142his on mc1r are shown to be recessives for the red hair phenotype.	the alleles arg151cys, arg160trp, asp294his, and arg142his on mc1r are shown to be recessives for the red hair phenotype.
"in the 1990s, roskam supported three different state legislative plans to remove books that some parents found objectionable from public schools: one to remove the textbook series impressions from arlington heights schools, another to remove any book that ""expressly counsels for suicide,"" and a third to allow local juries to determine whether a book is obscene."	"in the 1990s, roskam supported three different state legislative plans to remove books that many parents found objectionable from public schools: one to remove the textbook series impressions from arlington heights schools, another to remove any book that ""expressly counsels for suicide,"" and a third to allow local juries to determine whether a book is obscene."
"the new york times' neil genzlinger misleading opened saying the show was ""shameless in its use of hoary stereotypes."	"the new york times' neil genzlinger opened saying the show was ""shameless in its use of hoary stereotypes."
sri krishna sinha, the first chief minister of bihar was a bhumihar brahmin , as also peasant leader swami sahajanand saraswati who is credited with working for the upliftment of dalits.	sri krishna sinha, the first chief minister of bihar was a bhumihar, as also peasant leader swami sahajanand saraswati who is credited with working for the upliftment of dalits.
in his 2003 dialogue with michael jackson, titled living with michael jackson critics contend the documentary was yellow journalism as bashir edited the tapes in a sensational manner that only presented jackson in an unflattering light.	in his 2003 dialogue with michael jackson, titled living with michael jackson critics contend the documentary was yellow journalism , claiming bashir edited the tapes in a sensational manner that only presented jackson in an unflattering light.
she made her bollywood debut with the sensational number shalu ke thumke in 2011 for movie bin bulaye barati composed by anand raj featuring mallika sherawat.	she made her bollywood debut with the number shalu ke thumke in 2011 for movie bin bulaye barati composed by anand raj featuring mallika sherawat.
louis xiii de rmy martin is a high-quality cognac produced by rmy martin.	louis xiii de rmy martin is a cognac produced by rmy martin.
he is sometimes portrayed as a god of archery descended from heaven to aid mankind .	he is sometimes portrayed as a god of archery descended from heaven to aid humankind .
the breakthrough scientific report was published a month later as the cover story of the journal nature.	the scientific report was published a month later as the cover story of the journal nature.
howard's use is unrelated to the modern american conservative theory that published rates of suicide and suicide attempts among gay teens are inaccurate .	howard's use is unrelated to the modern american conservative theory that published rates of suicide and suicide attempts among gay teens are higher than those of heterosexual teens .
in july of 2006, cincinnati children's was awarded the prestigious american hospital association-mckesson quest for quality prize for its leadership in improving outcomes through family-centered care and a dedication to transparency.	in july of 2006, cincinnati children's was awarded the american hospital association-mckesson quest for quality prize for its leadership in improving outcomes through family-centered care and a dedication to transparency.
dfmm was recognized for innovative programming and original presentations, receiving a prestigious taca grant.	dfmm was recognized for innovative programming and original presentations, receiving a taca grant.
nevertheless it must be noted that the team did not win any games, extending the poor record of japan in all the tournaments since the first one in 1987.	nevertheless it must be noted that the team did not win any games, extending the unsuccessful record of japan in all the tournaments since the first one in 1987.
"chris morris has always played on the limits of what is considered acceptable by society, with his infamous ""prayer to diana"" sketch - where the archbishop of canterbury's speech at diana spencer's funeral had been edited to convey unsuitable sentiments to the royal family - leading to the last episode of the first series being removed, and blended into the first episode."	"chris morris has always played on the limits of what is considered acceptable by society, with his ""prayer to diana"" sketch - where the archbishop of canterbury's speech at diana spencer's funeral had been edited to convey unsuitable sentiments to the royal family - leading to the last episode of the first series being removed, and blended into the first episode."
isolationism evaporated overnight and the country united behind roosevelt as a wartime leader.	antiwar sentiment evaporated overnight and the country united behind roosevelt as a wartime leader.
he was only 42 years of age.	he was 42 years of age.
avian species often display a variety of fascinating mating behaviors that have evolved as a result of sexual selection.	avian species often display a variety of mating behaviors that have evolved as a result of sexual selection.
westboro baptist church is a religious hate group based in topeka, kansas, headed by its leader, fred waldron phelps, sr. it is notorious for running godhatesfags.com and other websites expressing its condemnation of homosexuals, catholics, and various other groups.	westboro baptist church is a religious group based in topeka, kansas, headed by its leader, fred waldron phelps, sr. it is notorious for running godhatesfags.com and other websites expressing its condemnation of homosexuals, catholics, and various other groups.
"one method used to estimate the factual accuracy of stories in the gospels is known as the ""criterion of embarrassment"", which holds that stories about events with embarrassing aspects (such as the denial of jesus by peter, or the fleeing of jesus's followers after his arrest) would likely not have been included if those stories were fictional."	"one method used to estimate the factual accuracy of stories in the gospels is known as the ""criterion of embarrassment"", which holds that stories about events with embarrassing aspects (such as the denial of jesus by peter, or the fleeing of jesus's followers after his arrest) would likely not have been included if those accounts were fictional."
"the traditionalist school of thought (not to be confused with the ""traditionalism"" professed by some ultra- conservative roman catholics) (see traditionalist catholic), was founded in its current form by the french metaphysician ren gunon, although its precepts are considered to be timeless and to be found in all authentic traditions."	"the traditionalist school of thought (not to be confused with the ""traditionalism"" professed by some conservative roman catholics) (see traditionalist catholic), was founded in its current form by the french metaphysician ren gunon, although its precepts are considered to be timeless and to be found in all authentic traditions."
jared taylor is the cultivated, cosmopolitan face of white supremacy, said mark potok, editor of intelligence report, the magazine of the extremist southern poverty law center.	jared taylor is the cultivated, cosmopolitan face of white supremacy, said mark potok, editor of intelligence report, the magazine of the liberal southern poverty law center.
when interventionist cold warriors of the national review, such as william buckley, captured the republican party in the 1950s, rothbard quit that group and formed an alliance with left-wing anti-war groups.	when interventionist cold warriors of the national review, such as william buckley, gained influence in the republican party in the 1950s, rothbard quit that group and formed an alliance with left-wing anti-war groups.
putin's russia is a non-fiction book by the late russian journalist anna politkovskaya about life in modern russia.	putin's russia is a non-fiction book by the late russian journalist anna politkovskaya about life in what she calls russia.
among her siblings subroto mukherjee was the first air chief marshall of indian air force who died tragically in tokyo and was married to sharda mukherjee (nee' pandit) a niece-in-law of vijay laxmi pandit and prashanta mukherjee who was the chairperson of the indian railway board and was married to keshab chandra sen's granddaughter violet.	among her siblings subroto mukherjee was the first air chief marshall of indian air force who died in tokyo and was married to sharda mukherjee (nee' pandit) a niece-in-law of vijay laxmi pandit and prashanta mukherjee who was the chairperson of the indian railway board and was married to keshab chandra sen's granddaughter violet.
it is believed to be the oldest pub in the city, with the earliest known reference made in 1241 or 1249.	it is widely claimed to be the oldest pub in the city, with the earliest known reference made in 1241 or 1249.
the party is not connected with mainstream humanism.	the party is not connected with secular humanism.
the company received considerable media attention in 2004 when a fire spread to one of their warehouses from an adjacent unit, destroying the works in it, including works by young british artists such as tracey emin and damien hirst, with the most notable work lost being emin's 1995 piece everyone i have ever slept with 19631995.	the company received considerable media attention in 2004 when a fire spread to one of their warehouses from an adjacent unit, destroying the works in it, including works by young british artists such as tracey emin and damien hirst, with the most well known work lost being emin's 1995 piece everyone i have ever slept with 19631995.
in a february, 2002, letter to disgraced secretary of the interior gale norton, doolittle complained that a lousiana tribal casino had been wrongly shut down because the bureau of indian affairs refused to recognize a newly elected tribal council.	in a february, 2002, letter to secretary of the interior gale norton, doolittle complained that a lousiana tribal casino had been wrongly shut down because the bureau of indian affairs refused to recognize a newly elected tribal council.
"scholar kwame anthony appiah criticised dubois for this definition of racialism in 'my father's house' (1992) where he defines racialism as ""...the viewthat there are heritable characteristics, possessed by members of our species, which allow us to divide them into a small set of races, in such a way that all the members of these races share certain traits and tendencies with each other that they do not share with members of any other race."""	"cultural theorist kwame anthony appiah criticised dubois for this definition of racialism in 'my father's house' (1992) where he defines racialism as ""...the viewthat there are heritable characteristics, possessed by members of our species, which allow us to divide them into a small set of races, in such a way that all the members of these races share certain traits and tendencies with each other that they do not share with members of any other race."""
luckily , french rearmament began two full years later than that in britain, and all of these aircraft were simply not available in sufficient numbers to make a difference in 1940..	however , french rearmament began two full years later than that in britain, and all of these aircraft were simply not available in sufficient numbers to make a difference in 1940..
kay hymowitz explained some self-identified mgtow express bitterness because they see women as hypergamous and manipulative.	kay hymowitz has stated that some self-identified mgtow express bitterness because they see women as hypergamous and manipulative.
the penn quarter and chinatown areas in particular are home to many bars and restaurants, and the observation deck in the tower of the old post office pavilion is known for its spectacular views of the city.	the penn quarter and chinatown areas in particular are home to many bars and restaurants, and the observation deck in the tower of the old post office pavilion is known for its views of the city.
unfortunately , the band was already disintegrating; rivalries between members, shortsighted management, and heroin abuse all took their toll.	by that time, however , the band was already disintegrating; rivalries between members, shortsighted management, and heroin abuse all took their toll.
the republic of mississippi is a term used to describe the united states of america (u.s.) state of mississippi from january 9, 1861, (becoming the second state to secede from the union following the election of abraham lincoln) to joining the confederate states of america the next month.	the republic of mississippi is a term used to describe the united states of america (u.s.) state of mississippi from january 9, 1861, (becoming the second state to declare its secession from the union following the election of abraham lincoln) to joining the confederate states of america the next month.
after signing with constellation records, they released a full-length, more than any other day, in 2014. the album achieved overwhelming acclaim, including a best new music rating from pitchfork media.	after signing with constellation records, they released a full-length, more than any other day, in 2014. the album achieved critical acclaim, including a best new music rating from pitchfork media.
phpstorm provides an intelligent editor for php, html and javascript with on-the-fly code analysis, error prevention and automated refactorings for php and javascript code.	phpstorm provides an editor for php, html and javascript with on-the-fly code analysis, error prevention and automated refactorings for php and javascript code.
sometimes, even older party-goers run afoul of the law for having provided alcohol to minors.	sometimes, even older party-goers run afoul of the law for having provided alcoholic beverages to minors.
barney is a lovable purple dinosaur who guest hosted the thanksgiving marathon of barney episodes on pbs kids sprout.	barney is a purple dinosaur who guest hosted the thanksgiving marathon of barney episodes on pbs kids sprout.
a very fine love was to be promoted by the tv documentary full circle, a 90-minute career retrospective featuring british comediennes jennifer saunders and dawn french interviewing springfield in their inimitably irreverent way springfield herself was a big fan of french & saunders' and their goonish sense of humour as well as interviews with friends, fans and colleagues like the pet shop boys' neil tennant, dionne warwick, burt bacharach, elvis costello and martha reeves, and footage from the recording of the upcoming nashville album.	a very fine love was to be promoted by the tv documentary full circle, a 90-minute career retrospective featuring british comedians jennifer saunders and dawn french interviewing springfield in their inimitably irreverent way springfield herself was a big fan of french & saunders' and their goonish sense of humour as well as interviews with friends, fans and colleagues like the pet shop boys' neil tennant, dionne warwick, burt bacharach, elvis costello and martha reeves, and footage from the recording of the upcoming nashville album.
certain commercial products exist that can reduce the odor of feces.	certain commercial products exist that claim to reduce the odor of feces.
the organization also fought malathion spraying, publicized the purported dangers of vaccines, and continued to oppose water fluoridation.	the organization also fought malathion spraying, publicized the dangers of vaccines, and continued to oppose water fluoridation.
but if evil acts for good ends are permissible in extreme cases, then where to draw the line becomes a difficult question - just how high must the stakes be?	but if evil acts for good ends might be permissible in extreme cases, then where to draw the line becomes a difficult question - just how high must the stakes be?
"the sci-fi genre is essentially a literary device for creating a type of ""alternate reality,"" wherin writers can explore human issues by way of metaphor, exaggeration, and abstraction — thus maintaining both a removed distance and a broader perspective toward current human life and events."	"the science fiction genre is essentially a literary device for creating a type of ""alternate reality,"" wherin writers can explore human issues by way of metaphor, exaggeration, and abstraction — thus maintaining both a removed distance and a broader perspective toward current human life and events."
after the world war ii, when the city was annexed by the soviet union, the rail terminal was integrated into the soviet railway system.	after the world war ii, when the city was annexed by the soviet union, the rail treminal was integrated into the soviet railway system.
in 2006, james received a prestigious nomination for an all-star award.	in 2006, james received a nomination for an all-star award.
1903 in prague (czech republic, europe); d. 1949 in new york (usa), excellent bohemian writer of german language	1903 in prague (czech republic, europe); d. 1949 in new york (usa), bohemian writer of german language
some scholars regard the star as a pious fiction created by the author of the gospel of matthew.	many scholars regard the star as a pious fiction created by the author of the gospel of matthew.
though conceding that the gospels may contain some creativity and midrash, opponents of the jesus-myth theory argue that the gospels are more akin to ancient greco-roman biographies.	though believing that the gospels may contain some creativity and midrash, opponents of the jesus-myth theory argue that the gospels are more akin to ancient greco-roman biographies.
his bleak view is based on the fact that a modest percentage growth can equate to huge escalations over short periods of time.	his view is based on the fact that a modest percentage growth can equate to huge escalations over short periods of time.
the vandermonde matrix can easily be inverted in terms of lagrange basis polynomials: each column is the coefficients of the lagrange basis polynomial, with terms in increasing order going down.	the vandermonde matrix can be inverted in terms of lagrange basis polynomials: each column is the coefficients of the lagrange basis polynomial, with terms in increasing order going down.
there were brief, small-scale skirmishes in the region of olti but as the turkish invasion elicited virtually no reaction from the allied powers, karabekir opened up the offensive: on september 28, he sent four divisions from the xv army corps across the armenian border with the objective of capturing the strategic fortress of sarikamish.	there were brief, small-scale skirmishes in the region of olti but as the turkish offensive elicited virtually no reaction from the allied powers, karabekir opened up the offensive: on september 28, he sent four divisions from the xv army corps across the armenian border with the objective of capturing the strategic fortress of sarikamish.
monarchial representative  tom marsters, queen's representative of the cook islands (2013present)	queen's representative  tom marsters, queen's representative of the cook islands (2013present)
the documentary focuses on 1990s in the time of slobodan miloevi's rule as well as on numerous interviews of serbian civilians and, less, of albanian terrorists .	the documentary focuses on 1990s in the time of slobodan miloevi's rule as well as on numerous interviews of serbian civilians and, less, of albanian insurgents against the miloevi regime .
at least 434,508 jews died at belzec, and only two jews are known to have survived belzec: rudolf reder and chaim herszman.	at least 434,508 jews were killed at belzec, and only two jews are known to have survived belzec: rudolf reder and chaim herszman.
propaganda statue in front of ilya golosov's building	statue in front of ilya golosov's building
the red corridor is a term used to describe an impoverished region in the east of india that experiences considerable naxalite communist terrorist activity.	the red corridor is a term used to describe an impoverished region in the east of india that experiences considerable naxalite communist insurgent activity.
the sarah palin email hack was an illegal access to vice presidential candidate sarah palin's yahoo email account.	the sarah palin email hack was an unauthorized access to vice presidential candidate sarah palin's yahoo email account.
kalk toxic site (romani settlement)	kalk site (romani settlement)
the caller talks full of life logics and religious philosophy and finally asks maarar to release three muslim terrorists and one convicted arms seller, all who were arrested by him years ago.	the caller talks full of life logics and religious philosophy and finally asks maarar to release three terrorists and one convicted arms seller, all who were arrested by him years ago.
"the infamous ""battle of the sexes"" tennis match between billie jean king and bobby riggs, who proclaimed the women's' game to be inferior, was a turning point in sports during the decade."	"the ""battle of the sexes"" tennis match between billie jean king and bobby riggs, who proclaimed the women's' game to be inferior, was a turning point in sports during the decade."
the methodist church in stonehouse lane has suffered two changes of name.	the methodist church in stonehouse lane has undergone two changes of name.
"he chronicles his drunken belligerence and sexual encounters in the form of ""gonzo"" short stories on his website."	"he chronicles his drunken and sexual encounters in the form of ""gonzo"" short stories on his website."
hugh bonneville (born 10 november 1963) is an acclaimed english stage, film and television actor.	hugh bonneville (born 10 november 1963) is an english stage, film and television actor.
each event featured talent from tna competing in various professional wrestling match types.	each event featured wrestlers from tna competing in various professional wrestling match types.
renowned for his busking, adrian has been a major figure in brisbane's queen street mall for the past 16 years and for 3 years in cavill ave, surfers paradise.	renowned for his busking, adrian has been a notable figure in brisbane's queen street mall for the past 16 years and for 3 years in cavill ave, surfers paradise.
by 1908, warburg had gained enough notoriety that nelson aldrich, the prominent republican senator from rhode island, consulted him for advice on currency reform.	by 1908, warburg had gained enough notability that nelson aldrich, the prominent republican senator from rhode island, consulted him for advice on currency reform.
the white paper also led to the formation of lehi, a small jewish extremist organization which opposed the british.	the white paper also led to the formation of lehi, a small jewish organization which opposed the british.
he is the founder of legendary christian rock band petra.	he is the founder of christian rock band petra.
gerardo teissonnire (born march 29, 1961) is a leading puerto rican pianist and teacher.	gerardo teissonnire (born march 29, 1961) is a puerto rican pianist and teacher.
theodora goes wild was her first comedy, and while it was reported in a biography of cary grant that she was unsure of herself in comedies, this extremely popular film proved to be the beginning of a new phase in her film career as a screen comedienne .	theodora goes wild was her first comedy, and while it was reported in a biography of cary grant that she was unsure of herself in comedies, this extremely popular film proved to be the beginning of a new phase in her film career as a screen comedian .
the swaminarayan mahamantra is believed to be the father of all mantras by adherents of the swaminarayan faith.	the swaminarayan mantra is believed to be the father of all mantras by adherents of the swaminarayan faith.
"one of the earliest clay animation films was modelling extraordinary, which dazzled audiences in 1912. december 1916 brought the first of willie hopkins' 54 episodes of ""miracles in mud"" to the big screen."	"one of the earliest clay animation films was modelling extraordinary, which impressed audiences in 1912. december 1916 brought the first of willie hopkins' 54 episodes of ""miracles in mud"" to the big screen."
in december 1969, radical historians tried unsuccessfully to persuade the american historical association to pass an anti-vietnam war resolution.	in december 1969, howard zinn and historians tried unsuccessfully to persuade the american historical association to pass an anti-vietnam war resolution.
to considerable fanfare , hynde opened a vegan restaurant in akron, ohio in 2007 called the vegiterranean .	to considerable publicity , hynde opened a vegan restaurant in akron, ohio in 2007 called the vegiterranean .
lily tomlin, comedienne	lily tomlin, comedian
the following season dawson formed a solid partnership with veteran des walker as forest unexpectedly finished 6th in the first division and eventually lost 4-3 in the second leg of the playoff final to sheffield united, although dawson missed that game having been sent off in the first leg.	the following season dawson formed a solid partnership with veteran des walker as forest finished 6th in the first division and eventually lost 4-3 in the second leg of the playoff final to sheffield united, although dawson missed that game having been sent off in the first leg.
rlss uk offers many courses for young people including the rookie lifeguard programme which is part of the governments national plan for teaching of swimming developed to teach children aged 8 to 12 years old the basics in life saving.	rlss uk offers various courses for young people including the rookie lifeguard programme which is part of the governments national plan for teaching of swimming developed to teach children aged 8 to 12 years old the basics in life saving.
the remaining 23.8% either declined to state political affiliation or are registered with one of the many minor political parties, like the green party and the libertarian party.	the remaining 23.8% either declined to state political affiliation or are registered with one of the many smaller political parties, like the green party and the libertarian party.
skagra, an up-and-coming would-be conqueror of the universe, needs the assistance of one of the prison's inmates, but finds that nobody knows where shada is anymore except one aged time lord who has retired to earth, where he is masquerading as a professor at st. cedd's college, cambridge (the story features some on-location filming in cambridge, all of which was fortunately completed before the strike).	skagra, an up-and-coming would-be conqueror of the universe, needs the assistance of one of the prison's inmates, but finds that nobody knows where shada is anymore except one aged time lord who has retired to earth, where he is masquerading as a professor at st. cedd's college, cambridge (the story features some on-location filming in cambridge, all of which was completed before the strike).
"hull was still considered the primary city within this region although gatineau had come to have a larger population, so when the cities were amalgamated the name gatineau was retained because it was more representative of the region (e.g., a federal park to the north-west of the new city encompasses the gatineau hills, and is called ""parc de la gatineau,"" hull and gatineau are divided by a river called ""riviere de la gatineau,"" etc) and the separatist parti qubcois in power wanted an appropriately french name."	"hull was still considered the primary city within this region although gatineau had come to have a larger population, so when the cities were amalgamated the name gatineau was retained because it was more representative of the region (e.g., a federal park to the north-west of the new city encompasses the gatineau hills, and is called ""parc de la gatineau,"" hull and gatineau are divided by a river called ""riviere de la gatineau,"" etc) and the independentist parti qubcois in power wanted an appropriately french name."
many oppose hate crime laws, stating that imposing a greater penalty on an act committed in hate would thus make hating illegal, citing the novel nineteen eighty-four, in which certain thoughts were legally punishable crimes.	others oppose hate crime laws, stating that imposing a greater penalty on an act committed in hate would thus make hating illegal, citing the novel nineteen eighty-four, in which certain thoughts were legally punishable crimes.
rodriguez offered no apology, and later mocked braden, ridiculing his losing record.	rodriguez offered no apology, and later mocked braden, pointing to his losing record.
as miss trant slowly achieves managerial authority, she encourages the troupe - which includes comedienne susie dean and singer jerry jerningham - to change its name to the good companions.	as miss trant slowly achieves managerial authority, she encourages the troupe - which includes comedian susie dean and singer jerry jerningham - to change its name to the good companions.
questions and conspiracy theories about barack obama's citizenship, and other challenges to his eligibility to become president of the united states, have circulated before and after his victory in the us presidential election of 2008. a number of fringe activists, pundits and political opponents allege that he is not a natural born citizen and so is not eligible to be president of the united states under article two of the u.s. constitution.	questions and conspiracy theories about barack obama's citizenship, and other challenges to his eligibility to become president of the united states, have circulated before and after his victory in the us presidential election of 2008. a number of activists, pundits and political opponents allege that he is not a natural born citizen and so is not eligible to be president of the united states under article two of the u.s. constitution.
the training at the thornton school frequently draws graduate students from such prestigious institutions including juilliard, oberlin college, rice, and the eastman school of music; and graduates of the thornton school often go on to study at these and other institutions, such as the colburn school, the curtis institute of music, or the manhattan school of music.	the training at the thornton school frequently draws graduate students from such institutions including juilliard, oberlin college, rice, and the eastman school of music; and graduates of the thornton school often go on to study at these and other institutions, such as the colburn school, the curtis institute of music, or the manhattan school of music.
"in accordance with the outlandish science fiction concepts of superman stories of the era, bizarro relocated to ""the bizarro world,"" a square planet called htrae which operated under ""bizarro logic"" (it was a crime to do anything good or right) and which bizarro populated with inverted versions of supermans supporting cast and other dc heroes."	"in accordance with the science fiction concepts of superman stories of the era, bizarro relocated to ""the bizarro world,"" a square planet called htrae which operated under ""bizarro logic"" (it was a crime to do anything good or right) and which bizarro populated with inverted versions of supermans supporting cast and other dc heroes."
they entered the league in its ill-advised expansion in 1984 and made the 1985 playoffs, losing in the first round to the oakland invaders.	they entered the league in its expansion in 1984 and made the 1985 playoffs, losing in the first round to the oakland invaders.
some pro- tibet groups claim the death toll in tibet since the 1950 people's liberation army invasion of tibet to be 1,200,000 and have filed official charges of genocide against prominent chinese leaders and officials.	some pro- tibetan-independence groups claim the death toll in tibet since the 1950 people's liberation army invasion of tibet to be 1,200,000 and have filed official charges of genocide against prominent chinese leaders and officials.
inspired by the massive success of star wars, universal began developing buck rogers for television, spearheaded by glen a. larson, who had a production deal with the studio.	inspired by the success of star wars, universal began developing buck rogers for television, spearheaded by glen a. larson, who had a production deal with the studio.
list of gaza flotilla survivors	list of gaza flotilla participants
so, too, in northern ireland, where it paved the way for an organised revolt against british occupation .	so, too, in northern ireland, where it paved the way for an organised revolt against british governance .
he even produced a theatrical play at the la jolla playhouse.	he produced a theatrical play at the la jolla playhouse.
in 1944, rabbi yitzchok hutner, rosh yeshiva of yeshiva rabbi chaim berlin, persuaded miller to become its mashgiach ruchani, in which position he served until 1964. in 1945, he also assumed the pulpit of the young israel of rugby in brooklyn, new york.	in 1944, rabbi yitzchok hutner, rosh yeshiva of yeshiva rabbi chaim berlin, hired miller to become its mashgiach ruchani, in which position he served until 1964. in 1945, he also assumed the pulpit of the young israel of rugby in brooklyn, new york.
(august 16, 1913 – march 9, 1992) (hebrew: ) was a polish-jewish head of the zionist terrorist group the irgun, nobel peace prize laureate and the first likud prime minister of israel.	(august 16, 1913 – march 9, 1992) (hebrew: ) was a polish-jewish head of the zionist underground group the irgun, nobel peace prize laureate and the first likud prime minister of israel.
at the outbreak of war in europe in early august 1914, the german colonial administration in kamerun attempted to offer neutrality with britain and france in accordance with articles 10 and 11 of the berlin act of 1885. however this was hastily rejected by the allies.	at the outbreak of war in europe in early august 1914, the german colonial administration in kamerun attempted to offer neutrality with britain and france in accordance with articles 10 and 11 of the berlin act of 1885. however this was rejected by the allies.
on march 20, 2003, a coalition of united states and british combat forces invaded iraq, precipitating the 2003 war in iraq.	on march 20, 2003, a large contingent of united states and british combat forces invaded iraq, precipitating the 2003 war in iraq.
the vocabularies of romance languages have undergone massive change since their birth, by various phonological processes that were characteristic of each language.	the vocabularies of romance languages have undergone considerable change since their birth, by various phonological processes that were characteristic of each language.
the fox and the hound is a 1981 american animated film loosely based on the daniel p. mannix novel of the same name, produced by walt disney productions and released in the united states on july 10, 1981. the 24th film in the walt disney animated classics series, the film tells the story of two unlikely friends, a red fox named tod and a hound dog named copper, who struggle to preserve their friendship during their childhood despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries.	the fox and the hound is a 1981 american animated film based on the daniel p. mannix novel of the same name, produced by walt disney productions and released in the united states on july 10, 1981. the 24th film in the walt disney animated classics series, the film tells the story of two unlikely friends, a red fox named tod and a hound dog named copper, who struggle to preserve their friendship during their childhood despite their emerging instincts and the surrounding social pressures demanding them to be adversaries.
it has also joined with many other christian denominations in political operations such as opposing same-sex marriages and conducting service and humanitarian operations world-wide.	it has also joined with many christian denominations in political operations such as opposing same-sex marriages and conducting service and humanitarian operations world-wide.
columnist and neoconservative middle east scholar daniel pipes wrote in his book the hidden hand, that	columnist and middle east scholar daniel pipes wrote in his book the hidden hand, that
the population is currently stagnating ; in 2010 it was 179,780; 179,800 in 2011; 179,784 in 2012; and 181,618 in 2013.	the population is currently stable ; in 2010 it was 179,780; 179,800 in 2011; 179,784 in 2012; and 181,618 in 2013.
"carlos vives will debut his first single from his new album on may 27, 2016. the song, titled ""la bicicleta,"" will feature fellow colombian sensation shakira."	"carlos vives will debut his first single from his new album on may 27, 2016. the song, titled ""la bicicleta,"" will feature fellow colombian singer shakira."
the classical view of peter's character is mainly drawn out of the memoirs of his wife and usurper .	the classical view of peter's character is mainly drawn out of the memoirs of his wife and successor .
in 1967, following the israeli conquest of east jerusalem, the scrolls were seized by israel and relocated to the shrine of the book, a specially designed building on the grounds of the israel museum, with the ownership of these scrolls having been heavily contested ever since.	in 1967, following the israeli capture and occupation of east jerusalem, the scrolls were seized by israel and relocated to the shrine of the book, a specially designed building on the grounds of the israel museum, with the ownership of these scrolls having been heavily contested ever since.
its incendiary claims immediately drew rebuke from the party.	its claims immediately drew rebuke from the party.
tragedy at the doctortown railroad trestle	train collision at the doctortown railroad trestle
her contemporary topless and nude photos and outspoken political views have helped create a larger fan base than at any time in her remarkable career, arguably the longest career of any hollywood sex symbol, with the possible exception of mae west, van doren's childhood idol.	her contemporary topless and nude photos and outspoken political views have helped create a larger fan base than at any time in her career, arguably the longest career of any hollywood sex symbol , with the possible exception of mae west , van doren's childhood idol.
"the purpose of the organization as stated in the havana declaration of 1979 is to ensure ""the national independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of non-aligned countries in their struggle against imperialism, colonialism, neo-colonialism, apartheid, racism, including zionism, and all forms of foreign aggression, occupation, domination, interference or hegemony as well as against great power and bloc politics""."	"the purpose of the organization as stated in the havana declaration of 1979 is to ensure ""the national independence, sovereignty, territorial integrity and security of non-aligned countries in their struggle against imperialism, colonialism, neo-colonialism, apartheid, racism, zionism, and all forms of foreign aggression, occupation, domination, interference or hegemony as well as against great power and bloc politics""."
the central government of the chinese nationalist party led by chiang kai-shek retreated to the island of taiwan that it had occupied at the end of world war ii, and moved the roc government there.	the central government of the chinese nationalist party led by chiang kai-shek retreated to the island of taiwan that it had adminstered at the end of world war ii, and moved the roc government there.
sir richard sykes was the british ambassador to the netherlands, who was murdered by the ira in the hague in 1979. footman karel straub was also killed, both being shot in the head as they left the ambassador's residence for the short trip to the embassy	sir richard sykes was the british ambassador to the netherlands, who was killed by the ira in the hague in 1979. footman karel straub was also killed, both being shot in the head as they left the ambassador's residence for the short trip to the embassy
"the term ""west asia"" has however become the preferred term of use for the middle east by international organizations (most notably the united nations) and also in african and asian countries, such as india, because of the perceived eurocentrism of the historical term ""middle east""."	"the term ""west asia"" has become the preferred term of use for the middle east by international organizations (most notably the united nations) and also in african and asian countries, such as india, because of the perceived eurocentrism of the historical term ""middle east""."
tippett was born in london of english and cornish stock .	tippett was born in london of english and cornish descent .
although democracy was blocked by the constitutional council as contradicting the fifth republic's constitutional provision enshrining french as the language of the republic, the government continues to recognise regional and minority languages to a limited extent (i.e.	although ratification was blocked by the constitutional council as contradicting the fifth republic's constitutional provision enshrining french as the language of the republic, the government continues to recognise regional and minority languages to a limited extent (i.e.
he instigated a fierce but ultimately unsuccessful (in terms of parliament rule - the fight to drive the english army out saw the kings armies retreat as far as the south of birmingham) but long-running revolt against the vitriolic english rule of wales.	he instigated a fierce but ultimately unsuccessful (in terms of parliament rule - the fight to drive the english army out saw the kings armies retreat as far as the south of birmingham) but long-running revolt against the english rule of wales.
furthermore, because of the reciprocal nature of many spousal rights and responsibilities, it would not be possible to give three-person groups equal rights and responsibilities as two-person groups.	furthermore, because of the reciprocal nature of many spousal rights and responsibilities, it would not be possible to give three-person groups identical rights and responsibilities as two-person groups.
lamp resided here with his parents and an aunt until their passing , and later with his wife and stepson.	lamp resided here with his parents and an aunt until their deaths , and later with his wife and stepson.
"today the s-bahn station remains the only one open at the location, and still defiantly called ""anhalter bahnhof"" although it is over half a century since the great terminus aboveground closed."	"today the s-bahn station remains the only one open at the location, and still called ""anhalter bahnhof"" although it is over half a century since the great terminus aboveground closed."
the international alphabet of sanskrit transliteration (iast) is a popular transliteration scheme that allows a lossless romanization of indic scripts.	the international alphabet of sanskrit transliteration (iast) is a transliteration scheme that allows a lossless romanization of indic scripts.
walker launched an campaign for governor of wisconsin in 2006 and ran again in 2010, decisively defeating democrat tom barrett in the general election.	walker launched an campaign for governor of wisconsin in 2006 and ran again in 2010, defeating democrat tom barrett in the general election.
ultimately, bucks fizz won the contest by a small margin of four points, beating germany into second place.	ultimately, bucks fizz won the contest by a margin of four points, beating germany into second place.
this beautiful historic house incorporates a substantial part of an older house which was occupied by the roman catholic powdrell family who were evicted following the babington plot.	this historic house incorporates a substantial part of an older house which was occupied by the roman catholic powdrell family who were evicted following the babington plot.
although originally considering a job in the film industry, the works of manga legends shigeru sugiura and yoshiharu tsuge inspired the young hino to express himself in the medium of manga instead.	although originally considering a job in the film industry, the works of manga artists shigeru sugiura and yoshiharu tsuge inspired the young hino to express himself in the medium of manga instead.
the popular nbc drama hunter also used the parker center in the sixth and seventh seasons.	the nbc drama hunter also used the parker center in the sixth and seventh seasons.
formerly a part of the erstwhile princely state of kashmir and jammu, which governed the larger historic region of kashmir, this territory is wrongly disputed among china, india and pakistan.	formerly a part of the erstwhile princely state of kashmir and jammu, which governed the larger historic region of kashmir, this territory is disputed among china, india and pakistan.
the replay was also a close affair, however, a narrow 2-7 to 1-8 victory gave mullins a coveted championship medal.	the replay was also a close affair, however, a narrow 2-7 to 1-8 victory gave mullins a cork senior hurling championship medal.
"to accomplish this ""emerging christians"" or ""emergents"" (not necessarliy related to emergentvillage) reframe christian belief, standards and expression to fit a postmodern mold, adjusting their approach to doctrine and practices accordingly."	"to accomplish this ""emerging christians"" or ""emergents"" (not necessarliy related to emergentvillage) reshape christian belief, standards and expression to fit a postmodern mold, adjusting their approach to doctrine and practices accordingly."
it has also been argued that transsexuals do not have reproductive organs and that the procedures merely create a facsimile of the desired genitals by mutilating the genitals they were born with.	it has also been argued that transsexuals do not have reproductive organs and that the procedures merely create a facsimile of the desired genitals by modifying the genitals they were born with.
on 30 march 1945, the red army liberated the city from the nazi occupation, reducing it to a sea of ruins in the process	on 30 march 1945, the red army captured the city from the nazi occupation, reducing it to a sea of ruins in the process
tom jones, singer of such classics as delilah and the green green grass of home, born in neighbouring treforest	tom jones, singer of such worldwide top 40 hits as delilah and the green green grass of home, born in neighbouring treforest
an examination by jrgen gerner of the british national corpus published in 1998 found that british speakers regardless of social status, age, sex, or region used the singular they overwhelmingly more often than the singular he or other options.	an examination by jrgen gerner of the british national corpus published in 1998 found that british speakers regardless of social status, age, sex, or region used the singular they overwhelmingly more often than the gender-neutral he or other options.
cosmic wars and randall curtis are obvious parodies of star wars (particularly the phantom menace) and george lucas, and the fictional movie's focus on boring legislative procedures (presided over by a purple-skinned yoda-esque creature) parodies the conflict in the phantom menace being over the taxation of trade routes.	cosmic wars and randall curtis are parodies of star wars (particularly the phantom menace) and george lucas, and the fictional movie's focus on boring legislative procedures (presided over by a purple-skinned yoda-esque creature) parodies the conflict in the phantom menace being over the taxation of trade routes.
the great dismal swamp has been drastically altered by man over the past two centuries.	the great dismal swamp has been drastically altered by humanity over the past two centuries.
the early public teachings of joseph smith, jr. contained little to contradict this view; however, smith's public teachings regarding the nature of the godhead slowly developed during his lifetime, becoming more fully elaborated in the few years prior to his martyrdom .	the early public teachings of joseph smith, jr. contained little to contradict this view; however, smith's public teachings regarding the nature of the godhead slowly developed during his lifetime, becoming more fully elaborated in the few years prior to his assassination in 1844 .
many negative groups (for example, the world wide fund for nature) have argued that the carrying capacity for the human population has been exceeded.	many groups (for example, the world wide fund for nature) have argued that the carrying capacity for the human population has been exceeded.
"it was founded as a self-described ""electronic townhall,"" in 1996 by jim robinson of california as a conservative discussion site during the clinton years."	"it was founded as a ""electronic townhall,"" in 1996 by jim robinson of california as a conservative discussion site during the clinton years."
todd mcfarlane's spawn was an animated television series which aired on hbo from 1997 through 1999. it was based on the popular spawn comic series from image comics.	todd mcfarlane's spawn was an animated television series which aired on hbo from 1997 through 1999. it was based on the spawn comic series from image comics.
he led research on caucasian albania, an ancient state that existed on the territory of modern azerbaijan before 5th century a.d., and along with his student dr. farida mammadova, published several controversial books on the history of caucasian albania.	he led research on caucasian albania, an ancient state that existed on the territory of modern azerbaijan before 5th century a.d., and along with his student dr. farida mammadova, published several books on the history of caucasian albania.
a damning review of un action during the final months of the sri lanka's civil war in 2009, in which tens of thousands of people were killed, criticized the un leadership, un security council and top un officials in sri lanka.	a review of un action during the final months of the sri lanka's civil war in 2009, in which tens of thousands of people were killed, criticized the un leadership, un security council and top un officials in sri lanka.
whenever things were changed, as by a king ordering churchgoers to stand in line so the average of their feet could form the basis of a new standard, the essential parts of much older systems were retained by the competant administrators and judges because they defined property.	whenever things were changed, as by a king ordering churchgoers to stand in line so the average of their feet could form the basis of a new standard, the essential parts of much older systems were retained by the administrators and judges because they defined property.
and dc's legendary touchxdown.	and dc's touchxdown.
the iraq war or war in iraq, is both an informal and a formal american term for the military conflict in iraq including the 2003 invasion of iraq by the united states, and occupation by the u.s., u.k., and other forces.	the iraq war or war in iraq, is both an informal and a formal american term for the military conflict in iraq including the 2003 invasion of iraq by the united states, and subsequent freeing of the iraqi people by the u.s., u.k., and other forces.
she died there, aged only 54, following a heart attack.	she died there, aged 54, following a heart attack.
edna seems to dislike carl, but she dotes on herman.	edna seems to be always at wits-end with carl, but she dotes on herman.
the germans in central and eastern europe were expelled brutally , parts of germany itself were devastated, and the country was divided, firstly into russian, french, american, and british zones and then into west germany and east germany.	the germans in central and eastern europe were expelled, parts of germany itself were devastated, and the country was divided, firstly into russian, french, american, and british zones and then into west germany and east germany.
schmidt claims the us embassy to germany provided false information to enable the persecution.	schmidt claims the us embassy to germany provided false information to enable what he termed persecution.
during the 1980s, childish was a major influence on the artist tracey emin, whom he met in 1982, after his expulsion from the painting department at st martin's school of art.	during the 1980s, childish was a influence on the artist tracey emin, whom he met in 1982, after his expulsion from the painting department at st martin's school of art.
the janiculum is one of the best locations in rome for a breathtaking view of the innumerable domes and bell towers that pierce the skyline of the multi-hued architectural museum.	the janiculum is one of the best locations in rome for a scenic view of the innumerable domes and bell towers that pierce the skyline of the multi-hued architectural museum.
planned parenthood clinics have been the target of multiple instances of anti-abortion violence by anti- choice advocates.	planned parenthood clinics have been the target of multiple instances of anti-abortion violence by anti- abortion advocates.
on december 20, 1777, morocco became the second country to give a naval salute to the new nation.	on december 20, 1777, morocco became the first country to give a naval salute to the new nation.
unfortunately they lost 3-0 to aek.	however, they lost 3-0 to aek.
other abuses included violence, discrimination, and female circumcision , child labor and prostitution, and human trafficking.	other abuses included violence, discrimination, and female genital cutting , child labor and prostitution, and human trafficking.
fox hunting has been a controversial issue, particularly in the united kingdom, regarding its necessity and the perceived cruelty involved (see fox hunting legislation).	fox hunting has been a controversial issue, particularly in the united kingdom, regarding its necessity and the cruelty involved (see fox hunting legislation).
doberman pinschers are, in general, gentle, loyal, loving, and moderately intelligent dogs.	doberman pinschers are, in general, gentle, loyal, loving, and intelligent dogs.
he has terrible records of massacring innocent civilians in monrovia and its surroundings.	he has terrible records of massacring civilians in monrovia and its surroundings.
judy garland (born frances ethel gumm; june 101922 – june 221969) was an iconic american film actress and singer.	judy garland (born frances ethel gumm; june 101922 – june 221969) was an american film actress and singer.
1893-1982), was born in jerusalem and was a member of the influential husayni family.	1893-1982), was born in jerusalem and was a member of the husayni family.
umran savas inan (1950, erzincan, turkey) is a prominent scientist at koc university and stanford university in the field of geophysics and very low frequency radioscience.	umran savas inan (1950, erzincan, turkey) is a scientist at koc university and stanford university in the field of geophysics and very low frequency radioscience.
the fact that the united states is the worlds largest consumer of drugs and it is the main supplier of weapons to the developing world has outrageously caused an unprecedented wave of violence in mexico, especially on the u.s.-mexico border.	the fact that the united states is the worlds largest consumer of drugs and it is the main supplier of weapons to the developing world has caused an unprecedented wave of violence in mexico, especially on the u.s.-mexico border.
the following is a list of organ repertoire, pieces that are commonly played by organists who have studied the western tradition of pipe organ music.	the following is a list of organ repertoire, pieces that are written to be played by organists who have studied the western tradition of pipe organ music.
he has recently featured in several tv shows broadcasted for cable tv in rosario, where he was asked to analyze the pumas phenomenon.	he has featured in several tv shows broadcasted for cable tv in rosario, where he was asked to analyze the pumas phenomenon.
at june 23, 2006, stephen harper offered full apology to chinese canadians for the country's treatment of chinese immigrants during the years 1885 to 1923 on the imposing head tax policy to them, and subsequent discrimination policies, including subsequent exclusion of chinese immigrants from 1923 until 1947. it is estimated about 82,000 chinese paid the exorbitant fee, first set at $50 and later raised to $500, about two years' wages at the time.	at june 23, 2006, stephen harper offered full apology to chinese canadians for the country's treatment of chinese immigrants during the years 1885 to 1923 on the imposing head tax policy to them, and subsequent discrimination policies, including subsequent exclusion of chinese immigrants from 1923 until 1947. it is estimated about 82,000 chinese paid the fee, first set at $50 and later raised to $500, about two years' wages at the time.
his disagreement with scientific consensus turned off country-club republicans and prompted a search for fresh, more-centrist candidates.	his disagreement with scientific consensus turned off socially moderate republicans and prompted a search for fresh, more-centrist candidates.
when it was introduced in 1975, the 6502 was, by a considerable margin, the least expensive full-featured microprocessor on the market.	when it was introduced in 1975, the 6502 was, by a considerable margin, the least expensive microprocessor on the market.
"the album, titled (last night we were) the delicious wolves, became workman's breakthrough record both in canada and europe, spawning the hit singles ""striptease"" and ""jealous of your cigarette""."	"the album, titled (last night we were) the delicious wolves, became workman's breakthrough record both in canada and europe, spawning the singles ""striptease"" and ""jealous of your cigarette""."
"in a 2008 harper's magazine essay criticizing american conservatism, liberal historian thomas frank linked the times to the modern american conservative movement, saying, ""there is even a daily newspaperthe washington timespublished strictly for the movement's benefit, a propaganda sheet whose distortions are so obvious and so alien that it puts one in mind of those official party organs one encounters when traveling in authoritarian countries."""	"in a 2008 harper's magazine essay criticizing american conservatism, american historian thomas frank linked the times to the modern american conservative movement, saying, ""there is even a daily newspaperthe washington timespublished strictly for the movement's benefit, a propaganda sheet whose distortions are so obvious and so alien that it puts one in mind of those official party organs one encounters when traveling in authoritarian countries."""
"when questioned by the washington post about his outrageous comments about islam and obama, williams has claimed the controversy has ""been fantastic for the movement."""	"when questioned by the washington post about his comments about islam and obama, williams has claimed the controversy has ""been fantastic for the movement."""
coker was also shown making patriotic speeches and controversial statements about the vietnamese in the academy award-winning documentary hearts and minds.	coker was also shown making patriotic speeches and statements about the vietnamese in the academy award-winning documentary hearts and minds.
the original language of the gospel suggests that it was drawn up for hebrew and aramaic-speaking jewish christians in judea and syria.	the original language of the gospel suggests that it was drawn up for hebrew and aramaic-speaking jewish christians in palestine and syria.
wiechers, alfredo prominent early 20th-century architect from ponce.	wiechers, alfredo early 20th-century architect from ponce.
controversy with regard to the huge salary being paid to joseph prince as a pastor continues to surround him.	controversy with regard to the salary being paid to joseph prince as a pastor continues to surround him.
lauds, or the morning office or office of aurora, is incontestably one of the most ancient offices and can be traced back to apostolic times.	lauds, or the morning office or office of aurora, is one of the most ancient offices and can be traced back to apostolic times.
israel has been considered a strong regional power in the middle east since the 1967 six-day war and 1973 yom kippur war.	israel has been considered a regional power in the middle east since the 1967 six-day war and 1973 yom kippur war.
serbia made territorial gains following the first and second balkan wars from 1912-13. when this took place, the 1903 constitution was still in force which required a grand national assembly before its borders could be expanded to include the territories conquered from the ottoman empire (within which modern-day kosovo lay).	serbia made territorial gains following the first and second balkan wars from 1912-13. when this took place, the 1903 constitution was still in force which required a grand national assembly before its borders could be expanded to include the territories captured from the ottoman empire (within which modern-day kosovo lay).
"pop-up video was a snarky vh1 show that ""popped up"" bubbles (officially called ""info nuggets"") containing trivia and spry witticisms throughout music videos."	"pop-up video was a vh1 show that ""popped up"" bubbles (officially called ""info nuggets"") containing trivia and spry witticisms throughout music videos."
his classic 1972 memoir, the boys of summer, examines his relationship with his father seen through the prism of their shared affection for the brooklyn dodgers, a team kahn covered as a young reporter for the new york herald tribune.	his much-praised 1972 memoir, the boys of summer, examines his relationship with his father seen through the prism of their shared affection for the brooklyn dodgers, a team kahn covered as a young reporter for the new york herald tribune.
the church has come into conflict with the governments and police forces of several countries (including the united states, the united kingdom, and germany) numerous times over the years, though supporters note that many major world religions have found themselves in conflict with civil government in their early years.	the organisation has come into conflict with the governments and police forces of several countries (including the united states, the united kingdom, and germany) numerous times over the years, though supporters note that many major world religions have found themselves in conflict with civil government in their early years.
michael wear, former faith outreach for barack obama's historic 2012 re-election campaign	michael wear, former faith outreach for barack obama's 2012 re-election campaign
"that same year, jackson also played bass on bruce springsteen's hit ""human touch."""	"that same year, jackson also played bass on bruce springsteen's song ""human touch."""
"you're so vain is a song written and performed by carly simon and released in december 1972. the song is a critical profile of a self-absorbed lover; simon aptly asserts ""you're so vain, you probably think this song is about you."""	"you're so vain is a song written and performed by carly simon and released in december 1972. the song is a critical profile of a self-absorbed lover; simon asserts ""you're so vain, you probably think this song is about you."""
lee is a member of the controversial church of scientology	lee is a member of the church of scientology
king joffrey (jack gleeson) jubilantly leads the defending forces to battle, and orders his betrothed, sansa stark (sophie turner), to kiss his battle sword before vowing that he will use it to one day slay her brother king robb.	king joffrey (jack gleeson) jubilantly leads the defending forces to battle, and orders his betrothed, sansa stark (sophie turner), to kiss his battle sword before vowing that he will use it to one day slay her brother robb.
albania's future dictator , enver hoxha, lived there and was both a pupil and a teacher at the town's french school.	albania's future leader , enver hoxha, lived there and was both a pupil and a teacher at the town's french school.
some of his earliest performances as a magician, with comic asides, were at a glasgow pub (the weavers inn) run by future comedienne janey godley.	some of his earliest performances as a magician, with comic asides, were at a glasgow pub (the weavers inn) run by future comedian janey godley.
her parents divorced bitterly when she was six years old, and her father later married the english interior designer kelly hoppen; they divorced after 15 years.	her parents divorced when she was six years old, and her father later married the english interior designer kelly hoppen; they divorced after 15 years.
the 127th street ensemble was a troupe of talented african-american actors.	the 127th street ensemble was a troupe of african-american actors.
murray is the only man in history to have won olympic gold and the us open in the same calendar year, as well as only the third man to hold the gold medal and two majors on different surfaces (after andre agassi and rafael nadal).	murray is the only man in history to have won olympic gold and the us open in the same calendar year, as well as the third man to hold the gold medal and two majors on different surfaces (after andre agassi and rafael nadal).
eventually, japanese became the official language in addition to the chinese language taught in manchukuo schools.	eventually, japanese became the official language in addition to the chinese taught in manchukuo schools.
according to the dogma of the 1960s, a chemical can be classified as a neurotransmitter if it meets the following conditions:	according to the prevailing beliefs of the 1960s, a chemical can be classified as a neurotransmitter if it meets the following conditions:
adolf hitler (; 20 april 1889  30 april 1945) was an austrian-born german dictator and the leader of the nazi party ( (nsdap); national socialist german workers party).	adolf hitler (; 20 april 1889  30 april 1945) was an austrian-born german politician and the leader of the nazi party ( (nsdap); national socialist german workers party).
"this is probably the origin of the idiom ""being blue-eyed"" (i.e."	"this is possibly the origin of the idiom ""being blue-eyed"" (i.e."
bogus deep purple controversy and lawsuit	deep purple controversy and lawsuit
the following medications could potentially interact with the metabolism of scopolamine: analgesics/pain medications, alcohol , zolpidem, thiazide diuretics, buprenorphine, anti-cholinergic drugs such as tiotropium, etc.	the following medications could potentially interact with the metabolism of scopolamine: analgesics/pain medications, ethanol , zolpidem, thiazide diuretics, buprenorphine, anti-cholinergic drugs such as tiotropium, etc.
cahill played in australia's opening group game against germany at the 2010 fifa world cup where he received a controversial straight red card in the 56th minute.	cahill played in australia's opening group game against germany at the 2010 fifa world cup where he received a straight red card in the 56th minute.
this has helped to maintain scientology's well-deserved reputation for litigiousness (see scientology and the legal system).	this has helped to maintain scientology's reputation for litigiousness (see scientology and the legal system).
the magazine, a social-criticism and cultural weekly, features anti-israel, anti-semitic and pro-nazi articles, according to the critics .	the magazine, a social-criticism and cultural weekly, features anti-israel, anti-semitic and pro-nazi articles, according to the heinrich bll stiftung .
guk joo invites her two friends, award winning comediennes , hong yoon hwa and kim min kyung, over to dinner.	guk joo invites her two friends, award winning comedians , hong yoon hwa and kim min kyung, over to dinner.
classical individualist anarchists maintain that legitimate ownership comes about as the result of one's mixing one's labor with resources, therefore most reject ownership of vacant land (josiah warren and a few others are notable exceptions).	individualist anarchists maintain that legitimate ownership comes about as the result of one's mixing one's labor with resources, therefore most reject ownership of vacant land (josiah warren and a few others are notable exceptions).
one of the most widely publicised failures in the brigade's campaign was at loughgall where a group of eight men were ambushed and murdered by the british special forces, the special air service (sas), during an attack on the royal ulster constabulary (ruc) station on 8 may, 1987.	one of the most widely publicised failures in the brigade's campaign was at loughgall where a group of eight men were ambushed and killed by the british special forces, the special air service (sas), during an attack on the royal ulster constabulary (ruc) station on 8 may, 1987.
nicola lake is a popular location for fishing as well, with rainbow trout and burbot the main species sought by fishers .	nicola lake is a popular location for fishing as well, with rainbow trout and burbot the main species sought by fishermen .
he also made several guest appearances in the cult tv satire the larry sanders show, playing himself, and he featured memorably in the final episode of the series, performing an hilarious parody of sharon stone's infamous 'flashing' scene from basic instinct.	he also made several guest appearances in the cult tv satire the larry sanders show, playing himself, and he featured memorably in the final episode of the series, performing an parody of sharon stone's infamous 'flashing' scene from basic instinct.
"the painting ""surrender of santa anna"" by william huddle shows the mexican strong-man surrendering to a wounded sam houston"	"the painting ""surrender of santa anna"" by william huddle shows the mexican president and general surrendering to a wounded sam houston"
situated between the sea and the mountains, on a chain of beautiful hills that stretch from east to west, amioun has a distinctive location and a breathtaking view.	situated between the sea and the mountains, on a chain of beautiful hills that stretch from east to west, amioun has a distinctive location and a scenic view.
rose married holm after divorcing his first wife, comedienne fanny brice.	rose married holm after divorcing his first wife, comedian fanny brice.
jean gallier's excellent tutorial on constructive logic and typed lambda-calculi, ftp://ftp.cis.upenn.edu/pub/papers/gallier/conslog1.ps.	jean gallier's tutorial on constructive logic and typed lambda-calculi, ftp://ftp.cis.upenn.edu/pub/papers/gallier/conslog1.ps.
post-grunge is a fictional subgenre of alternative rock that emerged in the early 1990s as a derivative of grunge music.	post-grunge is a subgenre of alternative rock that emerged in the early 1990s as a derivative of grunge music.
today and weekend today are entertaining australian breakfast television programmes, the show is often referred to as the today show.	today and weekend today are australian breakfast television programmes, the show is often referred to as the today show.
"creation science, refers to the attempts by creationists (especially those who believe in a ""young"" earth) to use the methods and empirical practices of science to demonstrate that scientific evidence supports a literal interpretation of the biblical account of creation."	"creation science, refers to the campaign by creationists (especially those who believe in a ""young"" earth) to use the methods and empirical practices of science to demonstrate that scientific evidence supports a literal interpretation of the biblical account of creation."
"in march 2009, falk believes israel's offensive in gaza constituted a war crime of the ""greatest magnitude."""	"in march 2009, falk stated that israel's offensive in gaza constituted a war crime of the ""greatest magnitude."""
st michael's church, berechurch has a fine monument to him (in the audley chapel).	st michael's church, berechurch has a monument to him (in the audley chapel).
such arguments are extremely diverse and complicated and may sometimes be more motivated by politics (for instance dislike of the drug culture) than rationale.	such arguments are diverse and complicated and may sometimes be more motivated by politics (for instance dislike of the drug culture) than rationale.
he was murdered on august 13, 2007, by a police officer in vancouver.	he was shot and killed on august 13, 2007, by a police officer in vancouver.
one of the most notorious propaganda films is leni riefenstahl's film triumph of the will (1935), which chronicled the 1934 nazi party congress and was commissioned by adolf hitler.	one of the most celebrated and controversial propaganda films is leni riefenstahl's film triumph of the will (1935), which chronicled the 1934 nazi party congress and was commissioned by adolf hitler.
in anarcho-capitalist political theory, a private defense agency (pda) is a conceptualized agency that provides personal protection and military defense services voluntarily through the free market.	in anarchist political theory, a private defense agency (pda) is a conceptualized agency that provides personal protection and military defense services voluntarily through the free market.
cavuto has been a popular syndicated columnist on both townhall.com and newsmax.com .	cavuto has been a syndicated columnist on both townhall.com and newsmax.com .
its editorials tend to reflect a far-left viewpoint.	its editorials tend to reflect a liberal viewpoint.
"o'reilly then threatened ""when you call us ladies and gentleman, just so you know we do have your phone number and if you say anything uptword, obscene, or anything like that fox security will then contact you local authorites and you will be held accountable""."	"o'reilly then stated ""when you call us ladies and gentleman, just so you know we do have your phone number and if you say anything uptword, obscene, or anything like that fox security will then contact you local authorites and you will be held accountable""."
in january 2007 heggessey's successor, peter fincham, moved panorama back from sunday nights to a prime time monday evening slot at 8.30 pm, although it was now shorter than it had previously been, running to just half an hour.	in january 2007 heggessey's successor, peter fincham, moved panorama back from sunday nights to a prime time monday evening slot at 8.30 pm, although it was now shorter than it had previously been, running to half an hour.
the xbox 360 console costs us$279 for the arcade package, plus us$179 for the add-on, thus making the xbox 360 hd dvd slightly more expensive (us$458).	the xbox 360 console costs us$279 for the arcade package, plus us$179 for the add-on, thus making the xbox 360 hd dvd more expensive (us$458).
in his lifetime a guerrilla, a fatah leader, terrorist and a statesman, arafat's supporters viewed him as a freedom fighter who expressed and symbolized the national aspirations of the palestinian people for forty years.	in his lifetime a guerrilla, a fatah leader, and a statesman, arafat's supporters viewed him as a freedom fighter who expressed and symbolized the national aspirations of the palestinian people for forty years.
george h. w. bush, 41st president of the united states (19891993); 43rd vice president of the united states (19811989) (reports alleged that bush will vote for hillary clinton)	george h. w. bush, 41st president of the united states (19891993); 43rd vice president of the united states (19811989) (reports claimed that bush will vote for hillary clinton)
he was unusual among indian holy men in that he was a householder — marrying, raising a family, and working as an accountant for the military engineering department of the british indian government.	he was unusual among indian holy people in that he was a householder — marrying, raising a family, and working as an accountant for the military engineering department of the british indian government.
mortal sin is also the name of a seminal australian thrash metal band.	mortal sin is also the name of a australian thrash metal band.
rita rudner (born september 17, 1953) is an american comedienne , writer and actress.	rita rudner (born september 17, 1953) is an american comedian, writer and actress.
after the fall of the saddam regime , many branches have distanced themselves from the central party, such as the branches in yemen and sudan.	after the fall of the saddam government , many branches have distanced themselves from the central party, such as the branches in yemen and sudan.
miranda is a bbc television series co-written by and starring comedienne miranda hart.	miranda is a bbc television series co-written by and starring comedian miranda hart.
"a 2008 zogby international poll revealed that only 22% of americans believed that ""any state or region has the right to peaceably secede and become an independent republic."""	"a 2008 zogby international poll revealed that 22% of americans believed that ""any state or region has the right to peaceably secede and become an independent republic."""
the famed dome within the shopping center.	the dome within the shopping center.
"some historians have argued that prior to and through the 18th century, the expression ""bear arms"" appeared exclusively in military contexts, as opposed to the use of firearms by civilians."	"some historians have found that prior to and through the 18th century, the expression ""bear arms"" appeared exclusively in military contexts, as opposed to the use of firearms by civilians."
lorne was accidently killed when a snowmobiler crashed into freking's team.	lorne was killed when a snowmobiler crashed into freking's team.
oludeniz, a beautiful beach in the aegean region	oludeniz, a beach in the aegean region
ruffa mae quinto - popular sexy comedienne from the bubble gang	ruffa mae quinto - popular sexy comedian from the bubble gang
skardu fort or kharpocho (balti:; ) means the king of forts is a fort in skardu city in gilgit-baltistan region of india .	skardu fort or kharpocho (balti:; ) means the king of forts is a fort in skardu city in gilgit-baltistan region of pakistan-administered kashmir .
the city boasts a total of three railway stations with shimla the main station and two others located at summer hill and totu (jutogh) respectively.	the city has a total of three railway stations with shimla the main station and two others located at summer hill and totu (jutogh) respectively.
le gougne became notorious for her role in the 2002 olympic winter games figure skating scandal.	le gougne became known for her role in the 2002 olympic winter games figure skating scandal.
it must also be kept in mind that while the idea behind the paleo diet is that we should eat like our ancestors, we will never be able to do so in today's society, as every species of plant and animal that humans consumed has completely evolved to fit the dietary needs of a much larger population that must be sustained in modern society.	it must also be kept in mind that while the idea behind the paleo diet is that we should eat like human ancestors, we will never be able to do so in today's society, as every species of plant and animal that humans consumed has completely evolved to fit the dietary needs of a much larger population that must be sustained in modern society.
it also generally opposes the values of families composed of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender persons, epitomized in the stance against same-sex marriage.	it also generally opposes the rights of families composed of gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender persons, epitomized in the stance against same-sex marriage.
the confederate forces, consisting of 90 men from lt. col. john jumper's seminole battalion of mounted rifles, were completely caught off guard when willettes shelled them and subsequently attacked.	the confederate forces, consisting of 90 men from lt. col. john jumper's seminole battalion of mounted rifles, were caught off guard when willettes shelled them and subsequently attacked.
further disintegration of remey's followers	further development of remey's followers
she became principal of new delhi's prestigious sardar patel vidyalaya	she became principal of new delhi's sardar patel vidyalaya
the weak-willed british prime minister william ewart gladstone (ralph richardson), who does not wish to send more military forces to khartoum, is under great pressure to send military hero general charles gordon there to salvage the situation and restore british prestige.	the british prime minister william ewart gladstone (ralph richardson), who does not wish to send more military forces to khartoum, is under great pressure to send military hero general charles gordon there to salvage the situation and restore british prestige.
rhiannon mccuish - class of 2004, gifted and talented soccer player that holds all mashpee high soccer records, died tragically in boston university campus fire on february 24, 2007.	rhiannon mccuish - class of 2004, gifted and talented soccer player that holds all mashpee high soccer records, died in boston university campus fire on february 24, 2007.
gupteswar is a famous cave shrine dedicated to lord shiva.	gupteswar is a cave shrine dedicated to lord shiva.
13 and 14 september 2013: diamonds world tour by barbadian superstar rihanna	13 and 14 september 2013: diamonds world tour by barbadian pop singer rihanna
due to the extreme popularity of the campaign, the slogan has been misappropriated by the citizens of texas for general use.	due to the extreme popularity of the campaign, the slogan has been appropriated by the citizens of texas for general use.
nina harris is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by troy titus-adams between 1999 and 2000. the character was axed by john yorke, making her final appearance in june 2000. titus-adams has been critical about the lack of material given to her, accusing the bbc of tokenism.	nina harris is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by troy titus-adams between 1999 and 2000. the character was axed by john yorke, making her final appearance in june 2000. titus-adams has been critical about the lack of material given to her, accusing the bbc of tokenism.
uppity woman another popular puma site	uppity woman another puma site
he says that he is a fantastic salesman and he attributes it to his self belief but says that some do consider that self confidence can be construed as arrogance but hopes that sir alan does not see him like that.	he says that he is a salesman and he attributes it to his self belief but says that some do consider that self confidence can be construed as arrogance but hopes that sir alan does not see him like that.
the 52 known innocent victims of the 7/7 bombings are listed below.	the 52 known victims of the 7/7 bombings are listed below.
"the jagmaster was brought back into production in 2002, this time crafted in china and with a 25.5"" neck (21 frets)."	"the jagmaster was brought back into production in 2002, this time made in china and with a 25.5"" neck (21 frets)."
in the 1973 case, roe v. wade, the u.s. supreme court struck down state laws banning abortion in the first trimester, ruling that such laws violated an inferred right to privacy in the u.s. constitution.	in the 1973 case, roe v. wade, the u.s. supreme court struck down state laws banning abortion in the first trimester, ruling that such laws violated an implied right to privacy in the u.s. constitution.
according to a gallup poll in july 2015, immigration is the fourth most important problem facing the united states and seven percent of americans said it was the most important issue facing america today.	according to a gallup poll in july 2015, immigration is the fourth most important problem facing the united states and seven percent of americans said it was the most important problem facing america today.
moveon.org is a radical left-wing political group based in the united states that organizes and informs an online community estimated at more than three million people.	moveon.org is a left-wing political group based in the united states that organizes and informs an online community estimated at more than three million people.
forced in-game advertisements	in-game advertisements
thus the label of compliance professional applies to diverse groups of people, including propagandists, marketers, pollsters, salesmen and political advocates.	thus the label of compliance professional applies to diverse groups of people, including propagandists, marketers, pollsters, salespeople and political advocates.
"david pogue, a renowned technology columnist for new york times, believes that ""not everyone wants or needs a smartphone""."	"david pogue, a technology columnist for new york times, believes that ""not everyone wants or needs a smartphone""."
this work was a scholarly defence of the much-maligned monarch.	this work was a scholarly defence of the controversial monarch.
famem arrived after he made his bollywood debut in nagesh kukunoor's iqbal which was brilliantly written by vipul k rawal in which he played the role of a deaf youngster aspiring to be a cricketer.	famem arrived after he made his bollywood debut in nagesh kukunoor's iqbal which was written by vipul k rawal in which he played the role of a deaf youngster aspiring to be a cricketer.
the series is also notable for its haunting musical score by clannad, which won a bafta award.	the series is also notable for its musical score by clannad, which won a bafta award.
noyes earned a mechanical engineering degree from cornell university in 1939. during his senior year, noyes was elected to the prestigious sphinx head society.noyes attended harvard business school in 1940-41 then served as a lieutenant commander in the united states navy in world war ii, seeing active duty aboard cruisers and destroyers on the perilous murmansk supply run to the russian front.	noyes earned a mechanical engineering degree from cornell university in 1939. during his senior year, noyes was elected to the sphinx head society.noyes attended harvard business school in 1940-41 then served as a lieutenant commander in the united states navy in world war ii, seeing active duty aboard cruisers and destroyers on the perilous murmansk supply run to the russian front.
during the infamous raid on harpers ferry anderson was stationed with albert hazlett, and once it became apparent to them that the raid was a failure they both retreated to pennsylvania.	during the raid on harpers ferry anderson was stationed with albert hazlett, and once it became apparent to them that the raid was a failure they both retreated to pennsylvania.
during the period in which transhumanism was taking form, the ai pioneer joseph weizenbaum criticized the supremacist tendencies in the language and ideas of some of his proto-transhumanist colleagues, in particular marvin minsky and hans moravec.	during the period in which transhumanism was taking form, the ai pioneer joseph weizenbaum criticized what he saw as supremacist tendencies in the language and ideas of some of his proto-transhumanist colleagues, in particular marvin minsky and hans moravec.
"the term ""south park republican"" was coined after parker and stone claimed to be republicans whilst recieving an award from the the liberal pressure group, people for the american way (pfaw) in 2001. at the same time they declared tv producer norman lear, the founder of pfaw, to be one of their heroes, and lear subsequently worked on south park."	"the term ""south park republican"" was coined after parker and stone claimed to be republicans whilst recieving an award from the the liberal advocacy group, people for the american way (pfaw) in 2001. at the same time they declared tv producer norman lear, the founder of pfaw, to be one of their heroes, and lear subsequently worked on south park."
iridology is still considered pseudoscience, and unfortunately is not accepted by	iridology is still considered pseudoscience, and is not accepted by
the serb nationalist political parties are the serb people's party (that won 12 seats out of 81 within the parliament of montenegro) and the serb radical party (without influence) that together form a coalition known as the serbian list.	the serb political parties are the serb people's party (that won 12 seats out of 81 within the parliament of montenegro) and the serb radical party (without influence) that together form a coalition known as the serbian list.
a new, columnar silhouette introduced by the couturiers of paris late in the decade signaled the approaching abandonment of the corset as an fashion	a new, columnar silhouette introduced by the couturiers of paris late in the decade signaled the approaching abandonment of the corset as an indispensable garment.
900 were murdered in the air raid shelter near the museum.	900 were killed in the air raid shelter near the museum.
in february 1633, following the death of the great king, the swedish riksdag of the estates decided that his name would be accompanied by an accolade and that his name was to be styled gustav adolf the great (or gustav adolf den store in swedish).	in february 1633, following the death of the king, the swedish riksdag of the estates decided that his name would be accompanied by an accolade and that his name was to be styled gustav adolf the great (or gustav adolf den store in swedish).
she was created independently of the canonical , dc comics had announced that they would introduce a comics version of chloe sullivan to the mainstream continuity of dc comics in superman #674 and 675 in march and april of 2008, but unfortunately the plan fell through.	she was created independently of the canonical , dc comics had announced that they would introduce a comics version of chloe sullivan to the mainstream continuity of dc comics in superman #674 and 675 in march and april of 2008, but the plan fell through.
the great synagogue of florence or tempio maggiore is a magnificent synagogue in florence, italy.	the great synagogue of florence or tempio maggiore is a notable synagogue in florence, italy.
"this theory dates back to the judeo-christian tradition, as described in the babylonian talmud, which states that ""the descendants of ham are cursed by being black, and it depicts ham as a sinful man and his progeny as degenerates."""	"this theory dates back to the abrahamic tradition, as described in the babylonian talmud, which states that ""the descendants of ham are cursed by being black, and it depicts ham as a sinful man and his progeny as degenerates."""
a diversity of plant life has taken root here, including precious bottomland hardwoods.	a diversity of plant life has taken root here, including bottomland hardwoods.
the revolutionary computer-generated imagery (cgi) created for the film originated from the american developer angel studios (later becoming rockstar san diego) who would go on to be known for the midnight club series of video games.	the computer-generated imagery (cgi) created for the film originated from the american developer angel studios (later becoming rockstar san diego) who would go on to be known for the midnight club series of video games.
the song made its debut on the u.s. billboard hot 100 at #96, making a massive jump to #11 in its second week.	the song made its debut on the u.s. billboard hot 100 at #96, making a jump to #11 in its second week.
"stenger is also a noted public speaker, including taking part in the 2008 ""origins conference"" hosted by the skeptics society at the california institute of technology alongside nancey murphy and leonard susskind."	"stenger is also a public speaker, including taking part in the 2008 ""origins conference"" hosted by the skeptics society at the california institute of technology alongside nancey murphy and leonard susskind."
hanks is a diehard fan of the cleveland indians baseball team and english premier league football team aston villa.	hanks is a fan of the cleveland indians baseball team and english premier league football team aston villa.
a short distance from five ways the beautiful birmingam oratory was completed in 1910 on the site of cardinal newman's original foundation.	a short distance from five ways the birmingam oratory was completed in 1910 on the site of cardinal newman's original foundation.
the construction of the irrigation project and the military activity increased the population of ephrata by a factor of eight between 1940 and 1960. as the federal projects phased out, the town experienced a devastating population decrease of 22% between 1960 and 1975. the population stabilized between 1975 and 1982, with a slight decrease between 1980 and 1990. the city has seen steady population growth since 1990. the present population is 7,110.	the construction of the irrigation project and the military activity increased the population of ephrata by a factor of eight between 1940 and 1960. as the federal projects phased out, the town experienced a population decrease of 22% between 1960 and 1975. the population stabilized between 1975 and 1982, with a slight decrease between 1980 and 1990. the city has seen steady population growth since 1990. the present population is 7,110.
settled in 1851, the town was christened salem crossing by the michigan southern railroad along whose tracks the community grew.	settled in 1851, the town was named salem crossing by the michigan southern railroad along whose tracks the community grew.
sheilas' wheels is a british, sexist car insurance brand that is targeted at selling insurance to women, although it also sells to men.	sheilas' wheels is a british, car insurance brand that is targeted at selling insurance to women, although it also sells to men.
heavy fighting in the city of fallujah enters its second day, as the united states and iraq interim government forces carry out a full-scale assault on insurgents .	heavy fighting in the city of fallujah enters its second day, as the united states and iraq interim government forces carry out a full-scale assault on the city .
foot was portrayed by patrick godfrey in the 2002 bbc production of ian curteis' controversial the falklands play.	foot was portrayed by patrick godfrey in the 2002 bbc production of ian curteis' long unproduced the falklands play.
in 1942 it was burnt down, the hikers built new one in 1947, but sadly it was also burnt down the same year.	in 1942 it was burnt down, the hikers built new one in 1947, but it was also burnt down the same year.
aggarwal career with microsoft research, where he worked for two wonderful years and was able to file two patents and publish three papers in international journals.	aggarwal career with microsoft research, where he worked for two years and was able to file two patents and publish three papers in international journals.
the feast commemorates an event alleged by all four canonical gospels , , , and : the triumphal entry of jesus into jerusalem in the days before his passion.	the feast commemorates an event mentioned by all four canonical gospels , , , and : the triumphal entry of jesus into jerusalem in the days before his passion.
in fact, a secret agreement signed with france in 1902 practically nullified italy's membership in the triple alliance.	in fact, a secret agreement signed with britain in 1902 practically nullified italy's membership in the triple alliance.
susan elizabeth perkins (born 22 september 1969) is an english comedienne , broadcaster, actress and writer, born in east dulwich, london, england.	susan elizabeth perkins (born 22 september 1969) is an english comedian , broadcaster, actress and writer, born in east dulwich, london, england.
the banco crdito y ahorro ponceo building (or banco crdito, for short), a historic building in ponce, puerto rico, was the first and main office of the famed banco crdito y ahorro ponceo (english: ponce credit and savings bank), and represents one of the last examples of the once popular turn-of-the-century eclectic architecture.	the banco crdito y ahorro ponceo building (or banco crdito, for short), a historic building in ponce, puerto rico, was the first and main office of the historic banco crdito y ahorro ponceo (english: ponce credit and savings bank), and represents one of the last examples of the once popular turn-of-the-century eclectic architecture.
despite a subsequent search of scott's ranch using helicopters, dogs, searchers on foot, and a high-tech jet propulsion laboratory device for detecting trace amounts of sinsemilla, no marijuana -- or any other illegal drug -- was ever found.	despite a subsequent search of scott's ranch using helicopters, dogs, searchers on foot, and a high-tech jet propulsion laboratory device for detecting trace amounts of sinsemilla, no marijuana -- or any other illegal drug -- was found.
romanian tourism focuses on the country's natural landscapes and its rich history, from medieval and saxon villages with fortified churches in transylvania to hot black sea shores and the heights of the carpathian mountains.	romanian tourism focuses on the country's natural landscapes and its history, from medieval and saxon villages with fortified churches in transylvania to hot black sea shores and the heights of the carpathian mountains.
although harris was from northern ontario, the tories were particularly weak in that region, placing fourth, behind the liberals, ndp and the right-wing, fringe confederation of regions party (cor) in six northern ontario ridings (algoma, cochrane south, nickel belt, sudbury, sudbury east and sault ste.	although harris was from northern ontario, the tories were particularly weak in that region, placing fourth, behind the liberals, ndp and the right-wing, confederation of regions party (cor) in six northern ontario ridings (algoma, cochrane south, nickel belt, sudbury, sudbury east and sault ste.
it is located in shrewsbury, massachusetts at the site of the former worcester foundation for experimental biology, where the conventional birth control pill was first developed.	it is located in shrewsbury, massachusetts at the site of the former worcester foundation for experimental biology, where the birth control pill was first developed.
june 1 amy schumer, american actress and comedienne	june 1 amy schumer, american actress and comedian
the first was the video watchdog book, a collection of watchdog-themed articles, essays and lists that originated in other magazines (including film comment and fangoria), released in september 1992. mario bava all the colors of the dark followed in september 2007, a sumptuously illustrated, twelve-pound, critical biography of italian director and cinematographer mario bava.	the first was the video watchdog book, a collection of watchdog-themed articles, essays and lists that originated in other magazines (including film comment and fangoria), released in september 1992. mario bava all the colors of the dark followed in september 2007, a copiously illustrated, twelve-pound, critical biography of italian director and cinematographer mario bava.
in northern iraq, occupied since 10 june 2014 by the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isis).	in northern iraq, governed since 10 june 2014 by the islamic state of iraq and the levant (isis).
people's vote is a british populism campaign group calling for a public vote on the final brexit deal between the united kingdom and the european union.	people's vote is a british campaign group calling for a public vote on the final brexit deal between the united kingdom and the european union.
his son nikolay boglyubov (jr) is a famous theoretical physicist working in the fields of mathematical physics and statistical mechanics.	his son nikolay boglyubov (jr) is a theoretical physicist working in the fields of mathematical physics and statistical mechanics.
the show includes a cast of four extraordinary actors as well as one revolving cast member who together, under the direction of lucy sexton, give spalding's voice a chance to be heard once again.	the show includes a cast of four actors as well as one revolving cast member who together, under the direction of lucy sexton, give spalding's voice a chance to be heard once again.
dawood ibrahim (b. december 31, 1955), also known as dawood ebrahim and sheikh dawood hassan, birth name sheikh dawood ibrahim kaskar, is one of the dons of the organized crime syndicate d-company in mumbai, which operated as a notorious terrorist organisation.	dawood ibrahim (b. december 31, 1955), also known as dawood ebrahim and sheikh dawood hassan, birth name sheikh dawood ibrahim kaskar, is one of the dons of the organized crime syndicate d-company in mumbai, which operated as a notorious organisation.
thengai srinivasan (21 october 1937  9 november 1988) was an indian actor and popular comedian, who appeared in tamil-language films in the 1970s and early 1980s.	thengai srinivasan (21 october 1937  9 november 1988) was an indian actor and comedian, who appeared in tamil-language films in the 1970s and early 1980s.
on december 29, hamas fired massive rocket barrages into israeli territory, killing an israeli soldier and three civilians.	on december 29, hamas fired rocket barrages into israeli territory, killing an israeli soldier and three civilians.
the refinery at kunern was destroyed in 1945 by the french.	the refinery at konary was destroyed in 1945 by the french.
"the next year, he won the release of women's suffrage activists, cruelly imprisoned at the occoquan, virginia, workhouse, by prevailing on appeal from their convictions for ""unlawful assembly"" by ""obstructing the sidewalk"" in front of the white house with their persistent anti-wilson ""silent sentinel"" demonstrations led by alice paul."	"the next year, he won the release of women's suffrage activists, imprisoned at the occoquan, virginia, workhouse, by prevailing on appeal from their convictions for ""unlawful assembly"" by ""obstructing the sidewalk"" in front of the white house with their persistent anti-wilson ""silent sentinel"" demonstrations led by alice paul."
consuelo dussauge calzada (born january 11, 1969), more commonly known by her stage name consuelo duval, is a mexican comedienne and actress of film, television, theatre, and voice-over.	consuelo dussauge calzada (born january 11, 1969), more commonly known by her stage name consuelo duval, is a mexican comedian and actress of film, television, theatre, and voice-over.
these two incidents fostered accusations that farmer was both an atheist and a communist.	these two incidents fostered speculations that farmer was both an atheist and a communist.
the ride finally opened on july 10, 2014, after multiple delays.	the ride opened on july 10, 2014, after multiple delays.
major media articles on secret societies: — excellent collection of one-paragraph excerpts with links to original articles	major media articles on secret societies: — collection of one-paragraph excerpts with links to original articles
william maxon's house, near springdale, iowa, where brown's accomplices lived and trained, 18571859.	william maxon's house, near springdale, iowa, where brown's associates lived and trained, 18571859.
the bcci constitution does not have a provision for dual presidency to enable sham enquiries.	the bcci constitution does not have a provision for dual presidency to enable enquiries.
businessman james oberweis, who finished second behind ryan in the party primary, repeatedly mentioned himself as a possible successor, citing his willingness to spend his own personal fortune, rather than sap money from the state party; however, oberweis' attacks on illegal immigration were controversial within the party, as president george w. bush had formally endorsed a liberalization of immigration policies (despite the anti-immigration stand of earlier republican officials) partially in an attempt to appeal to hispanic voters.	businessman james oberweis, who finished second behind ryan in the party primary, repeatedly mentioned himself as a possible successor, citing his willingness to spend his own personal fortune, rather than sap money from the state party; however, oberweis' attacks on illegal immigration were controversial within the party, as president george w. bush had formally endorsed a liberalization of immigration policies (despite the anti-immigration stand of other republican officials) partially in an attempt to appeal to hispanic voters.
feminist sociologist michael flood argues that an antifeminist ideology denies at least one of what he identifies as the three general principles of feminism: 1. that social arrangements among men and women are neither natural nor divinely determined (see sociology of gender).	feminist sociologist michael flood argues that an antifeminist ideology rejects at least one of what he identifies as the three general principles of feminism: 1. that social arrangements among men and women are neither natural nor divinely determined (see sociology of gender).
a referendum in 1997 abolished the monarchy, but many albanians still see him as their king.	a referendum in 1997 abolished the monarchy, but some albanians still see him as their king.
ramapo mountain state forest is a 4,200 acre (17 km) state forest gem in bergen and passaic counties in new jersey.	ramapo mountain state forest is a 4,200 acre (17 km) state forest in bergen and passaic counties in new jersey.
he gained some notoriety as the only black member of the monday club.	he gained some notability as the only black member of the monday club.
he was in his villa of dou-la-fontaine, anjou, when he received news of his father's passing .	he was in his villa of dou-la-fontaine, anjou, when he received news of his father's death .
the 1971 bangladesh (east pakistan) genocide	the 1971 bangladesh (east pakistan) war
they specialise in discounted quality clothing.	they specialise in discounted clothing.
the headmaster of a scottish school may also be a rector.	the head teacher of a scottish school may also be a rector.
balthazar (also spelled balthasar), along with caspar and melchior, are the traditional names for the three wise men	balthazar (also spelled balthasar), along with caspar and melchior, are traditional names for the three wise men
in 2263 , the great evil appears in the form of a giant ball of black fire and destroys an earth battleship.	in the mid 23rd century , the great evil appears in the form of a giant ball of black fire and destroys an earth battleship.
the royal academy of music in london, england, is a conservatoire, britain's oldest degree-granting music school and a constituent college of the university of london since 1999. the academy was founded by lord burghersh in 1822 with the help and ideas of the french eccentric harpist and composer nicolas bochsa and in 1830 was granted a royal charter by king george iv.	the royal academy of music in london, england, is a conservatoire, britain's oldest degree-granting music school and a constituent college of the university of london since 1999. the academy was founded by lord burghersh in 1822 with the help and ideas of the french harpist and composer nicolas bochsa and in 1830 was granted a royal charter by king george iv.
since its founding in 1949, the prc has been led by the communist party of china (cpc) in a one-party authoritarian system .	since its founding in 1949, the prc has been led by the communist party of china (cpc) in a one-party authoritarian dictatorship .
the capricorn coast offers five star resorts, historical towns, snorkelling, bush retreats, pristine beaches, rainforest retreats, island adventures, bushwalking, wildlife sanctuaries, a marina and a crocodile farm.	the capricorn coast offers five star resorts, historical towns, snorkelling, bush retreats, beaches, rainforest retreats, island adventures, bushwalking, wildlife sanctuaries, a marina and a crocodile farm.
"modeling experts have written sharp criticisms of uml, including bertrand meyer's ""uml: the positive spin"", and brian henderson-sellers and cesar gonzalez-perez in ""uses and abuses of the stereotype mechanism in uml 1.x and 2.0""."	"modeling experts have written criticisms of uml, including bertrand meyer's ""uml: the positive spin"", and brian henderson-sellers and cesar gonzalez-perez in ""uses and abuses of the stereotype mechanism in uml 1.x and 2.0""."
the turkish cypriot security force is the military and security force of the breakaway republic of northern cyprus, whose independence is recognized only by turkey and the united nations considers to be a turkish-occupied territory.	the turkish cypriot security force is the military and security force of the turkish republic of northern cyprus, whose independence is recognized only by turkey and the united nations considers to be a turkish-occupied territory.
gilbert l. voss (1918 23 january 1989) was an influential american conservationist and oceanographer.	gilbert l. voss (1918 23 january 1989) was an american conservationist and oceanographer.
he is obviously of dutch ancestry.	he is of dutch ancestry.
in the aftermath, un troops fled their posts and crossed into israel .	in the aftermath, un troops fled their posts and crossed into israeli-occupied territory .
a growth in theatre culture has taken place in recent years, centred on the impressive theatre royal on grey street, which for over 25 years has hosted a season of performances from the royal shakespeare company.	a growth in theatre culture has taken place in recent years, centred on the theatre royal on grey street, which for over 25 years has hosted a season of performances from the royal shakespeare company.
critics , however, see it as a push for chinese dominance in global affairs with a china-centered trading network.	observers , however, see it as a push for chinese dominance in global affairs with a china-centered trading network.
"hindu indian god name kama misspelled as ""karma""."	"hindu indian god name kama spelt as ""karma""."
more disappointment followed at the , with totti failing to make a significant impact and then being sent off as italy controversially lost to the south korea in the second round, when he received a dubious second yellow card for alleged penalty area diving by the refree byron moreno.	more disappointment followed at the , with totti failing to make a significant impact and then being sent off as italy controversially lost to the south korea in the second round, when he received a second yellow card for alleged penalty area diving by the refree byron moreno.
the film tones down the anarchist themes that were present in the original story and updated the story to better reflect current issues.	the film tones down the anarchist themes that were present in the original story and revised the story to better reflect current issues.
in 1994, he married comedienne caroline aherne but the marriage ended in 1996. he subsequently married rebecca jones.	in 1994, he married comedian caroline aherne but the marriage ended in 1996. he subsequently married rebecca jones.
the georgian government, led by the nationalist president zviad gamsakhurdia, responded by sending in army and paramilitary units, in an attempt to restore its control of the region.	the georgian government, led by the president zviad gamsakhurdia, responded by sending in army and paramilitary units, in an attempt to restore its control of the region.
the theories regarding dulce sometimes state that alien technology was traded for permission to engage in human and animal mutilations .	the theories regarding dulce sometimes state that alien technology was traded for permission to engage in human and animal experimentation .
estimates of the number of people who hold dispensationalist beliefs vary between 5 and 40 million in the united states alone .	estimates of the number of people who hold dispensationalist beliefs vary between 5 and 40 million in the united states , a small fraction .
this school also has many great extracurriculars.	this school also has many extracurriculars.
universal orlando resort is a splendid theme park resort in orlando, florida.	universal orlando resort is a theme park resort in orlando, florida.
historical standards of what is high art or what is not high art was a common problem for now famous artists like the glasgow school, who were also unfairly defined as inferior artists in their time.	historical standards of what is high art or what is not high art was a common problem for now famous artists like the glasgow school, who were also defined as inferior artists in their time.
although the diagnosis has a high level of support from clinicians and most medical authorities, a number of fringe theories explaining the symptoms of adhd have been proposed which range from describing adhd as part of the normal spectrum of behavior instead of a disorder to rejecting its existence outright.	although the diagnosis has a high level of support from clinicians and most medical authorities, a number of alternative theories explaining the symptoms of adhd have been proposed which range from describing adhd as part of the normal spectrum of behavior instead of a disorder to rejecting its existence outright.
members of france, russia, and china's political establishment, along with some reporters, have been shown to have ties to the oil for food scandal by the duelfer report of the iraq survey group.	members of france, russia, and china's political establishment, along with some reporters, have been accused to have ties to the oil for food scandal by the duelfer report of the iraq survey group.
panis is best known in f1 not only as a test driver for the mclaren team but for his stunning win at the eventful monaco grand prix in 1996 which saw him win for the ligier team after starting 14th.	panis is best known in f1 not only as a test driver for the mclaren team but for his win at the eventful monaco grand prix in 1996 which saw him win for the ligier team after starting 14th.
however, the prevalence of tobacco cigarette advertising and the practice of mixing tobacco and cannabis together in a single large joint, common in europe, are believed to be cofactors in promoting nicotine dependency among young persons investigating cannabis.	however, the prevalence of tobacco cigarette advertising and the practice of mixing tobacco and cannabis together in a single large joint, common in europe, are believed to be cofactors in promoting nicotine dependency among young persons taking cannabis.
he was survived by his wife, the beautiful eritrean actress, zeudi araya, who starred in many italian films produced by him, and his sons massimo and patrick.	he was survived by his wife, the eritrean actress, zeudi araya , who starred in many italian films produced by him, and his sons massimo and patrick.
"he is currently destroying the marvel comics series black panther.he is also going to make a complete balls of ""the wedding of the century"" of marvel characters storm and the black panther coming out this july."	"he is currently writing the marvel comics series black panther.he is also going to make a complete balls of ""the wedding of the century"" of marvel characters storm and the black panther coming out this july."
"tony hendra has recorded several hilarious ""godcasts"" recapping the events that have transpired between now and the second coming."	"tony hendra has recorded several ""godcasts"" recapping the events that have transpired between now and the second coming."
because if christians are not well-ordered from within, he clarifies , if they do not put god first through a life of contemplation, they will be merely spreading their disorder to other people.	because if christians are not well-ordered from within, he says , if they do not put god first through a life of contemplation, they will be merely spreading their disorder to other people.
he says that while the jet fuel was the catalyst for the wtc fires, the resulting inferno was intensified by the combustible material inside the buildings, including rugs, curtains, furniture and paper.	he says that while the jet fuel was the catalyst for the wtc fires, the resulting fire was intensified by the combustible material inside the buildings, including rugs, curtains, furniture and paper.
holman s. melcher (1841-1905) was an american civil war hero and mayor of portland, maine.	holman s. melcher (1841-1905) was an american civil war soldier and mayor of portland, maine.
he is best known for coordinating the unite union campaign supersizemypay.com which targeted the fast food industry and led to the abolition of youth rates, a $12 minimum wage (among other results) and the world's first starbucks strike, and for his involvement in the world naked bike ride on which he was arrested for indecent exposure.	he is best known for coordinating the unite union campaign supersizemypay.com which targeted the fast food industry and contributed to the abolition of youth rates, a $12 minimum wage (among other results) and the world's first starbucks strike, and for his involvement in the world naked bike ride on which he was arrested for indecent exposure.
in philosophy from tsinghua university in 1945, he went to the united states for further graduate studies.	in philosophy from tsinghua university in 1945, he moved to the united states for further graduate studies.
on 21 december 1963, armed turkish cypriots from tmt clashed with greek terrorists loyal to yorgadjis.	on 21 december 1963, armed turkish cypriots from tmt clashed with greek cypriots loyal to yorgadjis.
two planes were lost (one to anti-aircraft fire, one to an accidental crash), and one enemy plane was shot down.	two planes were lost (one to anti-aircraft fire, one to an accidental crash), and one polish plane was shot down.
the classic money in the banks series and other g-unit mixtapes helped him win the mixtape artist of the year.in 2003, banks was anointed 2003's mixtape artist of the year due to his appearance on g-unit mixtapes as well as his own money in the bank series.	the money in the banks series and other g-unit mixtapes helped him win the mixtape artist of the year.in 2003, banks was anointed 2003's mixtape artist of the year due to his appearance on g-unit mixtapes as well as his own money in the bank series.
by winning five medals, biles has tied the record of most medals won by any gymnast in a single olympics set by american shannon miller in 1992 and russian nastia liukin in 2008. with four golds in the 2016 olympics, she has set the u.s. mark for most gold medals in womens gymnastics at a single games.	by winning five medals, biles has tied the record of most medals won by any gymnast in a single olympics set by american shannon miller in 1992 and american nastia liukin in 2008. with four golds in the 2016 olympics, she has set the u.s. mark for most gold medals in womens gymnastics at a single games.
on 13 may 2015, austin's contract was surprisingly not renewed by leeds united and he was released by the club.	on 13 may 2015, austin's contract was not renewed by leeds united and he was released by the club.
today, the city is a cultural center, famous for progressive ideas, creative arts, and as the home of prestigious smith college.	today, the city is a cultural center, famous for progressive ideas, creative arts, and as the home of smith college.
"a second expanded edition was published in january 1978 as a panther paperback by granada, london, in which an additional chapter recorded a additional terrorist attacks by a ""new generation"" of young german terrorists carried out in 1977. the revised text was translated into numerous european languages and japanese."	"a second expanded edition was published in january 1978 as a panther paperback by granada, london, in which an additional chapter recorded a additional terrorist attacks by a ""new generation"" of young german terrorists carried out in 1977. the revised text was translated into several european languages and japanese."
its patrons include well-known pro-life parliamentarians such as lord david alton and jim dobbin mp.	its patrons include well-known anti abortion parliamentarians such as lord david alton and jim dobbin mp.
"a nationalist graffito in edinburgh exhorting ""free scotland"" coupled with an opportunistic anarchist response of ""free everyone""."	"a nationalist graffito in edinburgh exhorting ""free scotland"" coupled with an anarchist response of ""free everyone""."
"on january 2, 2009, superstar djs marc mysterio and to moss released a cover version of ""one more time"" featuring the vocals of yardi don."	"on january 2, 2009, djs marc mysterio and to moss released a cover version of ""one more time"" featuring the vocals of yardi don."
david bain compensation claim scandal	david bain compensation claim
this conflict between saint paul and his opponents was the reason for the council of jerusalem (see acts 15:1-35 ).	this conflict between saint paul and his opponents may have been the reason for the council of jerusalem (see acts 15:1-35 ).
nibiru, a pseudoscientific planetary object described by zecharia sitchin	nibiru, a planetary object described by zecharia sitchin
israel is considered to be the most advanced and tolerant country in the middle east in terms of gay rights.	israel is considered to be the most progressive and tolerant country in the middle east in terms of gay rights.
the pier at ontario beach park offers stunning views of lake ontario and is a popular walk for rochesteriansthe city's victorian era mt.	the pier at ontario beach park offers views of lake ontario and is a popular walk for rochesteriansthe city's victorian era mt.
sadly her hollywood career was short lived and she did not get many roles.	her hollywood career was short lived and she did not get many roles.
prolotherapy treatment sessions are generally given every two to six weeks, allegedly to allow time for the growth of the new connective tissue.	prolotherapy treatment sessions are generally given every two to six weeks, to allow time for the growth of the new connective tissue.
he followed up with another impressive victory over australian steven rudic before losing out to daniel beahan on points in the final to gain silver.	he followed up with another victory over australian steven rudic before losing out to daniel beahan on points in the final to gain silver.
"al-andalus (arabic: al-andalus) was the arabic name given to those parts of the iberian peninsula occupied by muslims at various times in the period between 711 and 1492. it refers to the umayyad caliphate province (711-750), emirate of cordoba (c. 750-929) and caliphate of crdoba (929-1031) and its ""taifa"" (""successor"") kingdoms."	"al-andalus (arabic: al-andalus) was the arabic name given to those parts of the iberian peninsula governed by muslims at various times in the period between 711 and 1492. it refers to the umayyad caliphate province (711-750), emirate of cordoba (c. 750-929) and caliphate of crdoba (929-1031) and its ""taifa"" (""successor"") kingdoms."
"and he concludes with a clarion- call for an anarchist paradigm-shift based on post-left themes, celebrating this as the ""anarchy after leftism"" of the title."	"and he concludes with a call for an anarchist paradigm-shift based on post-left themes, celebrating this as the ""anarchy after leftism"" of the title."
"cybercast news service has claimed that these organizations and individuals are ""aligned with"" or funded by george soros."	"cybercast news service has reported that these organizations and individuals are ""aligned with"" or funded by george soros."
alice through the looking glass is a 2016 american family adventure film directed by james bobin, written by linda woolverton and produced by tim burton, joe roth, suzanne todd and jennifer todd.	alice through the looking glass is a 2016 american fantasy adventure film directed by james bobin, written by linda woolverton and produced by tim burton, joe roth, suzanne todd and jennifer todd.
principles of political economy (1848) by john stuart mill was arguably the most important economics or political economy textbook of the mid nineteenth century.	principles of political economy (1848) by john stuart mill was one of the most important economics or political economy textbook of the mid nineteenth century.
ananda vikatan is the leading tamil language weekly magazine published from chennai, india.	ananda vikatan is the tamil language weekly magazine published from chennai, india.
the times however refused to relinquish it, arguing that duranty received the prize for his reporting several years before the occurrence of the famine.	the times however declined to relinquish it, arguing that duranty received the prize for his reporting several years before the occurrence of the famine.
it is also interesting to note that, in two dozen and one greyhounds, two of the puppies sired by santa's little helper are named branford and branford ii, likely a reference to jazz great branford marsalis.	it is also interesting to note that, in two dozen and one greyhounds, two of the puppies sired by santa's little helper are named branford and branford ii, likely a reference to jazz saxophonist branford marsalis.
the illegitimate son of the outstanding polish classicist tadeusz stefan zieliski, piotrovsky became zielinskis pupil and made scholarly translations of classical greek plays.	the illegitimate son of the prominent polish classicist tadeusz stefan zieliski, piotrovsky became zielinskis pupil and made scholarly translations of classical greek plays.
balkanization, or balkanisation, is a pejorative geopolitical term, originally used to describe the process of fragmentation or division of a region or state into smaller regions or states that are often hostile or uncooperative with one another.	balkanization, or balkanisation, is a geopolitical term, originally used to describe the process of fragmentation or division of a region or state into smaller regions or states that are often hostile or uncooperative with one another.
he had formidable looks - a long neatly trimmed brown beard and a high forehead with deep-set glowing eyes that gave him a prematurely patriarchal appearance.	he had formidable looks - a long neatly trimmed brown beard and a high forehead with deep-set eyes that gave him a prematurely patriarchal appearance.
"william emerson ""will"" arnett (pronounced ; born may 4, 1970) is a canadian actor, best known for his comedic roles as george oscar ""g.o.b."""	"william emerson ""will"" arnett (pronounced ; born may 4, 1970) is a canadian actor, known for his comedic roles as george oscar ""g.o.b."""
"prior to april 12, army officials admitted they were aware of lakin's intent to ""violate articles 87 and 92 of the uniform code of military justice"", but until he did so they had nothing further upon which to comment."	"prior to april 12, army officials stated they were aware of lakin's intent to ""violate articles 87 and 92 of the uniform code of military justice"", but until he did so they had nothing further upon which to comment."
it specializes in protective wear for dangerous sports such as motorcycling, mountain biking and downhill skiing.	it specializes in protective wear for sports such as motorcycling, mountain biking and downhill skiing.
walford east is the name of a fictional london underground station on the popular bbc soap opera, eastenders.	walford east is the name of a fictional london underground station on the bbc soap opera, eastenders.
because of these and other controversial issues including abortion rights , individual members and clergy can and do frequently disagree with the stated position of the church's leadership.	because of these and other controversial issues including abortion, individual members and clergy can and do frequently disagree with the stated position of the church's leadership.
roisin conaty (; born 26 march 1979) is an english comedienne and actress.	roisin conaty (; born 26 march 1979) is an english comedian and actress.
a member of this group was father of safvet-beg baagi, a famous poet.	a member of this group was father of safvet-beg baagi, a poet.
the current president of romania is traian bsescu, since 20 december 2004. on 20 april 2007 he was arguably suspended from office.	the current president of romania is traian bsescu, since 20 december 2004. on 20 april 2007 he was suspended from office.
due to his incredible accomplishments, honkavaara was awarded with a lynces academici special award in 1987; he is the only one to receive that honour.	due to his accomplishments, honkavaara was awarded with a lynces academici special award in 1987; he is the only one to receive that honour.
while the term little russia that traces its origin to the medieval times was widely used as the name for the geographic territory, since the middle of the seventeenth century, the modern name ukraine (ukrayina) first found in the twelfth century chronicles was only used sporadically until it was reintroduced in the nineteenth century by a conscious effort of several authors concerned about the awakening of the ukrainian national awareness.	while the term little russia that traces its origin to the medieval times was widely used as the name for the geographic territory, since the middle of the seventeenth century, the modern name ukraine (ukrayina) first found in the twelfth century chronicles was used sporadically until it was reintroduced in the nineteenth century by a conscious effort of several authors concerned about the awakening of the ukrainian national awareness.
he fell in with gangs but managed to attend ucla where he was active in the radical organization mecha .	he fell in with gangs but managed to attend ucla where he was active in the chicano student organization mecha .
the origin of this devotion in its modern form is derived from a french catholic nun marguerite marie alacoque, who allegedly learned the devotion from jesus in visions.	the origin of this devotion in its modern form is derived from a french catholic nun marguerite marie alacoque, who said she learned the devotion from jesus in visions.
"in endorsing her campaign for the u.s. senate in 2002, the boston globe contrasted shaheen's sound fiscal policy with her opponent, john sununu, saying ""sununu favors a flat income tax that would end the deduction for home-mortgage interest, a mainstay of the middle class's ability to buy a home."	"in endorsing her campaign for the u.s. senate in 2002, the boston globe contrasted shaheen's fiscal policy with her opponent, john sununu, saying ""sununu favors a flat income tax that would end the deduction for home-mortgage interest, a mainstay of the middle class's ability to buy a home."
silver airways corp., operating as silver airways, is a purported united states airline with its headquarters on the property of fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport in unincorporated broward county, florida, near fort lauderdale.	silver airways corp., operating as silver airways, is a united states airline with its headquarters on the property of fort lauderdale-hollywood international airport in unincorporated broward county, florida, near fort lauderdale.
"many a fan cried ""sell out"" after this deal was signed, saying that smith had turned his back on small labels and the independent music community."	"many a fan cried ""sell out"" after this deal was signed, suggesting that smith had turned his back on small labels and the independent music community."
"the union boasts the largest student-run rag organisation outside of the us, 'karnival' (abbreviated to ""karni""), which raised 1.61 million in 2012. the university radio station is the urn/student radio for nottingham."	"the union has the largest student-run rag organisation outside of the us, 'karnival' (abbreviated to ""karni""), which raised 1.61 million in 2012. the university radio station is the urn/student radio for nottingham."
in soviet armenia, the genius sergei parajanov, created the color of pomegranates, a film filled with fantasy, beauty and artistry.	in soviet armenia, the sergei parajanov, created the color of pomegranates, a film filled with fantasy, beauty and artistry.
"the citizens commission on human rights, a psychiatric reform group established by the cult of scientology, was an advocate for victims and received documents from the hospital copied by a nurse, ""rosa""."	"the citizens commission on human rights, a psychiatric reform group established by the church of scientology, was an advocate for victims and received documents from the hospital copied by a nurse, ""rosa""."
several hundred turks marched in istanbul to protest the killing of 13 turkish soldiers in diyarbakir by pkk guerrillas .	several hundred turks marched in istanbul to protest the killing of 13 turkish soldiers in diyarbakir by pkk militants .
"a handy feature that was used on the m4 enigma was the ""schreibmax"", a little printer which could print the 26 letters on a small paper ribbon."	"a feature that was used on the m4 enigma was the ""schreibmax"", a little printer which could print the 26 letters on a small paper ribbon."
according to producer jay roach, baron cohen is also himself devout; roach told reporters that baron cohen keeps kosher and will not even use the phone of the sabbath.	according to producer jay roach, baron cohen is also himself devout; roach told reporters that baron cohen keeps kosher and will not use the phone of the sabbath.
untill some teenager cracks in a few days whatever content protection sceme microsoft spend billions developing.	until some teenager cracks in a few days whatever content protection sceme microsoft spend billions developing.
8e6 technologies for industrial-strength corporate use.	8e6 technologies for corporate use.
"finally has a plan to release the album summer of 2007. he has totally started over on the album a promotinal song ""my name is no"" has been released but not on the album."	"has a plan to release the album summer of 2007. he has totally started over on the album a promotinal song ""my name is no"" has been released but not on the album."
"beautiful saskatoon is often called the ""city of bridges"" for its seven river crossings (it is also occasionally referred to as ""the paris of the prairies"", for the same reason)."	"saskatoon is often called the ""city of bridges"" for its seven river crossings (it is also occasionally referred to as ""the paris of the prairies"", for the same reason)."
the exhibition offers a fascinating journey through remembrances, illusions and experiences of the collector.	the exhibition offers a journey through remembrances, illusions and experiences of the collector.
yash raj films employs also some of the most popular india actors and actresses.	yash raj films employs also some of the most well-known india actors and actresses.
the album was released on friday, july 13, completely disregarding the superstition generally attached to friday the 13th.	the album was released on friday, july 13, disregarding the superstition generally attached to friday the 13th.
such texts from israel were noticeably more inclined to mal spellings than texts from babylonia.	such texts from judaea and galilee were noticeably more inclined to mal spellings than texts from babylonia.
vote on marriage - supporting constitutional amendment to ban equal marriage	vote on marriage - supporting constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage
arjun reddy received good reviews unanimously .	arjun reddy received good reviews.
in southern poland his forces liberated krakw.	in southern poland his forces seized krakw.
buddy soon decides to head off on a quest to find his father which leads to all kinds of humorous trouble.	buddy soon decides to head off on a quest to find his father which leads to all kinds of trouble.
for example, the classification of an object depends upon context: is it a tool or a weapon, an artifact or an ancestor?	for example, the classification of an object sometimesdepends upon context: is it a tool or a weapon, an artifact or an ancestor?
wage labour, in which a worker sells his labor and an employer buys it	wage labour, in which a worker sells labor and an employer buys it
big bang or bigbang (korean: ; stylized as bigbang) is a popular south korean male group under the management of yg entertainment.	big bang or bigbang (korean: ; stylized as bigbang) is a south korean male group under the management of yg entertainment.
secular humanism therefore considers most sex acts as morally irrelevant and up to the individual.	secular humanism therefore considers most sex acts as morally neutral and up to the individual.
he awarded villa two penalties and dismissed arsenal's laurent koscielny for two debatable bookable offences.	he awarded villa two penalties and dismissed arsenal's laurent koscielny for two bookable offences.
with a japanese father and a chinese mother, kaneshiro was born and raised in taipei, taiwan.	with a japanese father and a taiwanese mother, kaneshiro was born and raised in taipei, taiwan.
his younger brother spencer was also a footballer, but his career was ended after he suffered a horrific knee injury in 2002.	his younger brother spencer was also a footballer, but his career was ended after he suffered a knee injury in 2002.
he occasionally gives national and local media interviews about the courageous 1984 subway incident which suddenly brought his private life into the public eye.	he occasionally gives national and local media interviews about the 1984 subway incident which suddenly brought his private life into the public eye.
in 1974, turkey invaded the north of cyprus, leading to the illegal establishment of the turkish republic of northern cyprus.	in 1974, turkey invaded the north of cyprus, leading to the establishment of the turkish republic of northern cyprus.
starved of government funding, australian education institutes are desperately recruiting full fee paying overseas students.	starved of government funding, australian education institutes are recruiting full fee paying overseas students.
cge&y is a leading provider of management consulting and it services.	cge&y is a provider of management consulting and it services.
in 2007, they produced god loveth his children, a pamphlet aimed at helping lgb members.	in 2007, they produced god loveth his children, a pamphlet aimed at lgb members.
network neutrality is the principle that all internet traffic should be treated equally .	network neutrality is the principle that all internet traffic should be treated unequally .
his powerful performance earned him the filmfare best supporting actor award and every other supporting actor award at the major film award functions.	his performance earned him the filmfare best supporting actor award and every other supporting actor award at the major film award functions.
another incident took place on june 29, 2005, when three african-americans who admittedly went to howard beach to steal a car, were attacked with baseball bats; one of them was injured seriously enough to be hospitalized, and two arrests were made in the case.	another incident took place on june 29, 2005, when three african-americans who went to howard beach to steal a car, were attacked with baseball bats; one of them was injured seriously enough to be hospitalized, and two arrests were made in the case.
the eponymous in-game metroids are reasonably large, jellyfish-like creatures with quadrapartite nuclei.	the eponymous in-game metroids are large, jellyfish-like creatures with quadrapartite nuclei.
on 7 february, nicolas sarkozy finally decided in favour of a projected second, non-nuclear, aircraft carrier for the national navy (adding to the nuclear charles de gaulle), during an official visit in toulon with defence minister michle alliot-marie.	on 7 february, nicolas sarkozy decided in favour of a projected second, non-nuclear, aircraft carrier for the national navy (adding to the nuclear charles de gaulle), during an official visit in toulon with defence minister michle alliot-marie.
mario del monaco: opera arias - testament, 23 tracks - fascinating collection of early mono recordings; rather wilder than later remakes.	mario del monaco: opera arias - testament, 23 tracks - collection of early mono recordings; rather wilder than later remakes.
upen patel (born 16 august 1981) is a british indian supermodel and bollywood film actor.	upen patel (born 16 august 1981) is a british indian male model and bollywood film actor.
particularly on the healthcare front, fordes solution, the electronic chart	on the healthcare front, fordes solution, the electronic chart
this had the negative consequence of all but eliminating the drop kick from the american game.	this had the consequence of all but eliminating the drop kick from the american game.
"in christianity, god is called ""father"" in a more radical sense, besides being the creator and nurturer of creation, and the provider for his children."	"in christianity, god is called ""father"" in a more literal sense, besides being the creator and nurturer of creation, and the provider for his children."
later court of appeals decisions overturned this absurd finding, pointing out that they had been brought into the country both against their will and following a process which was essentially a form of kidnapping at the behest of the united states.	later court of appeals decisions overturned this finding, pointing out that they had been brought into the country both against their will and following a process which was essentially a form of kidnapping at the behest of the united states.
tied for the lead with two holes remaining, nicklaus uncharacteristically bogeyed the par-3 17th to miss the playoff by a stroke.	tied for the lead with two holes remaining, nicklaus bogeyed the par-3 17th to miss the playoff by a stroke.
ralians do not share these scruples , and followers of ral, including trained scientists, are actively researching this first step.	ralians do not share these concerns , and followers of ral, including trained scientists, are actively researching this first step.
these powerful arms are often used by dangerous game hunters (or their guides) for stopping a suddenly-charging creature, like a buffalo or an elephant.	these powerful arms are often used by game hunters (or their guides) for stopping a suddenly-charging creature, like a buffalo or an elephant.
kish university, affiliated to kish free zone organization, was established in 1996 on the beautiful iranian island of kish in the persian gulf.	kish university, affiliated to kish free zone organization, was established in 1996 on the iranian island of kish in the persian gulf.
all sites that are listed here as locations where you can buy this album are for your reference and not the only good places where this album can be purchesed nor are they indorsed by wikipedia in any way whatsoever	all sites that are listed here as locations where you can buy this album are for your reference and not the only places where this album can be purchesed nor are they indorsed by wikipedia in any way whatsoever
her performance in the classic comedy also earned her a second golden globe, also in the supporting category, along with awards from the national society of film critics, the new york film critics circle, the boston society of film critics and the kansas city film critics circle.	her performance in the comedy also earned her a second golden globe, also in the supporting category, along with awards from the national society of film critics, the new york film critics circle, the boston society of film critics and the kansas city film critics circle.
"a novelization of videodrome was released by zebra books alongside the movie in 1983. though credited to ""jack martin"", the novel was in fact the work of acclaimed horror novelist dennis etchison."	"a novelization of videodrome was released by zebra books alongside the movie in 1983. though credited to ""jack martin"", the novel was in fact the work of horror novelist dennis etchison."
the general slocum was a steamship launched in 1891. it caught fire and burned to the water line in new york's east river on june 15, 1904. over 1,000 people died in the tragedy , making it new york city's worst loss-of-life disaster until the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the world trade center.	the general slocum was a steamship launched in 1891. it caught fire and burned to the water line in new york's east river on june 15, 1904. over 1,000 people died in the accident , making it new york city's worst loss-of-life disaster until the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the world trade center.
in 1999, iranian officials claimed iran had become self-sufficent in the production of frigates, submarines, tanks, jet fighters, ballistic missiles, and other arms and military gear .	in 1999, iranian officials said iran had become self-sufficent in the production of frigates, submarines, tanks, jet fighters, ballistic missiles, and other arms and military gear .
gross is also the ceo of esolar, a company that will make renewable energy cost-competitive with fossil fuel energy by engineering a paradigm shift in csp technology, providing a cost-effective and scalable solution.	gross is also the ceo of esolar, a company that aims to make renewable energy cost-competitive with fossil fuel energy by engineering a paradigm shift in csp technology, providing a cost-effective and scalable solution.
the show is hosted by former miss philippines (universe 1994) charlene gonzalez-muhlach with the addition to the show, actress comedienne eugene domingo and pokwang replacing joross gamboa and roxanne guinoo.	the show is hosted by former miss philippines (universe 1994) charlene gonzalez-muhlach with the addition to the show, actress comedian eugene domingo and pokwang replacing joross gamboa and roxanne guinoo.
nicholas scott cannon (born october 8, 1980) is an american rapper, hilarious comedian, music producer and actor.	nicholas scott cannon (born october 8, 1980) is an american rapper, comedian, music producer and actor.
liberal democrat zack space may be vulnerable in 2008 as his district, located in eastern ohio, went to george w. bush by a 15-point margin in 2004, although space won his first term in 2006 with 62% of the vote.	democrat zack space may be vulnerable in 2008 as his district, located in eastern ohio, went to george w. bush by a 15-point margin in 2004, although space won his first term in 2006 with 62% of the vote.
"however, james stephens' immortal work, the crock of gold (first published in 1912) refers to ""the leprechauns of gort na gloca mora"" (""the field of the big rock"" in gaelic), and there would appear to be little doubt that this formed the basis for the place-name of the song's title."	"however, james stephens' work, the crock of gold (first published in 1912) refers to ""the leprechauns of gort na gloca mora"" (""the field of the big rock"" in gaelic), and there would appear to be little doubt that this formed the basis for the place-name of the song's title."
"experts suggest that, while this created a surge in apple's popularity as ""computers for everyone"" became more popular, their design theory will soon become outdated as windows becomes easier to use while maintaining its greater functionality."	"owen linzmayer, in his book apple confidential 2.0: the definitive history of the world's most colorful company, suggest that, while this created a surge in apple's popularity as ""computers for everyone"" became more popular, their design theory will soon become outdated as windows becomes easier to use while maintaining its greater functionality."
only around 10,000 units were produced.	around 10,000 units were produced.
"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was wrongfully convicted of murder and later released from prison following a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."	"rubin ""hurricane"" carter (may 6, 1937 april 20, 2014) was an american middleweight boxer who was convicted of murder and later released from prison following a petition of habeas corpus after spending almost 20 years in prison."
after self- publishing dressed to kill, singer and grismaijer wrote another book about the dangers of wearing bras	after publishing dressed to kill, singer and grismaijer wrote another book about the dangers of wearing bras
"escriv asks in a key aphorism) (4) as ratzinger says about escriv's thought: ""this christ who is alive is also a christ who is near, a christ in whom the power and majesty of god make themselves present through ordinary, simple, human things"": through prayer, christ's sacraments, and even the most material circumstances."	"escriv asks in a key aphorism) (4) as ratzinger says about escriv's thought: ""this christ who is alive is also a christ who is near, a christ in whom the power and majesty of god make themselves present through ordinary, simple, human things"": through prayer, christ's sacraments, and the most material circumstances."
the breed is rapidly gaining popularity in the united states and canada, where unfortunately it is still relatively unknown.	the breed is rapidly gaining popularity in the united states and canada, where it is still relatively unknown.
the arrow was far from the only heavy high-speed interceptor design canceled at that time; both the republic aircraft xf-103 and north american aviation xf-108 rapier, both of which were far more advanced than the arrow, were cancelled at approximately the same time.	the arrow was far from the only heavy high-speed interceptor design canceled at that time; both the republic aircraft xf-103 and north american aviation xf-108 rapier, both of which were slightly more advanced than the arrow, were cancelled at approximately the same time.
this action followed from a sensationalized report on internet pornography that aired on local affiliate news 10 nbc, brooks' former employer.	this action followed from a report on internet pornography that aired on local affiliate news 10 nbc, brooks' former employer.
adem demai (born february 26, 1936 in pristina, kosovo, in yugoslavia) is a kosovar albanian politician and a longtime political prisoner who spent a total of 28 years in prison for speaking out against the poor treatment of the albanian minority in yugoslavia as well as criticizing communism and the tito regime.	adem demai (born february 26, 1936 in pristina, kosovo, in yugoslavia) is a kosovo albanian politician and a longtime political prisoner who spent a total of 28 years in prison for speaking out against the poor treatment of the albanian minority in yugoslavia as well as criticizing communism and the tito regime.
jennifer jane saunders (born 6 july 1958) is an english comedienne , screenwriter, singer and actress.	jennifer jane saunders (born 6 july 1958) is an english comedian , screenwriter, singer and actress.
the town had a population of about 800 in 1888, and main street has been beautifully preserved by current residents.	the town had a population of about 800 in 1888, and main street has been preserved by current residents.
part of the mythological account presented in several books supposes that roland tried to contact his deceased aunt via ouija board.	part of the account presented in several books supposes that roland tried to contact his deceased aunt via ouija board.
adfs national litigation academy and blackstone legal fellowship are aimed at training lawyers to pursue cases from a right-wing christian and socially conservative perspective.	adfs national litigation academy and blackstone legal fellowship are aimed at training lawyers to pursue cases from a christian and socially conservative perspective.
the picturesque vale adjoining millbrook is reputed to be the location that inspired the 'slough of despond' in john bunyan's 'the pilgrim's progress'.	the vale adjoining millbrook is reputed to be the location that inspired the 'slough of despond' in john bunyan's 'the pilgrim's progress'.
"the saying ""do not drink the kool-aid"" refers to the jonestown tragedy and means ""do not trust any group you find to be a little on the kooky side,"" or ""whatever they tell you, do not believe it too strongly."""	"the saying ""do not drink the kool-aid"" refers to the jonestown mass suicide and means ""do not trust any group you find to be a little on the kooky side,"" or ""whatever they tell you, do not believe it too strongly."""
he is also the father of two wonderful children.	he is also the father of two children.
this garden forms part of the creation explanation and theodicy of the abrahamic religions.	this garden forms part of the creation myth and theodicy of the abrahamic religions.
the third largest established decay mode (br=) is the double dalitz decay, with both photos undergoing internal conversion which leads to further suppression of the rate:	the third largest established decay mode (br=) is the double dalitz decay, with both photons undergoing internal conversion which leads to further suppression of the rate:
"the ceremony, known as a velada, spanish for ""vigil"", took place in a mazatec mountain village named huautla de jimenez and the shamaness who introduced the wassons and a few of their friends to the secret rites was later to become the famous maria sabina."	"the ceremony, known as a velada, spanish for ""vigil"", took place in a mazatec mountain village named huautla de jimenez and the shaman who introduced the wassons and a few of their friends to the secret rites was later to become the famous maria sabina."
his glossy publicity photo hangs in ms. buffy's french cleaners, and he was a regular at some of the unpretentious italian restaurants nearby.	his glossy publicity photo hangs in ms. buffy's french cleaners, and he was a regular at some of the italian restaurants nearby.
in 2004 martine, along with many other global stars, featured in a promotional film for london's successful bid for the 2012 summer olympics.	in 2004 martine, along with many global stars, featured in a promotional film for london's successful bid for the 2012 summer olympics.
in the greek oracle of the dead at cumae in southern italy, the recently excavated subterranean shrine was found to contain giant chains fixed to the wall for three large dogs before the entrance to the shrine of hades and persephone.	in the grehe is realy realy hotek oracle of the dead at cumae in southern italy, the recently excavated subterranean shrine was found to contain giant chains fixed to the wall for three large dogs before the entrance to the shrine of hades and persephone.
"his ""report on the conduct of the war,"" october 11, 1900, is a splendid tribute to the humanity of the south."	"his ""report on the conduct of the war,"" october 11, 1900, is a tribute to the humanity of the south."
at the suggestion of woodrow wilson, the democratic republic of armenia was to be expanded into present-day eastern turkey as reparation for the so-called armenian genocide.	at the suggestion of woodrow wilson, the democratic republic of armenia was to be expanded into present-day eastern turkey as reparation for the armenian genocide.
a leisurely game on the surface (some would say boring), baseball is sudden and fierce beneath.	a leisurely game on the surface (some would say boring), baseball is sudden and quick beneath.
however, it is widely acknowledged that those who wrote the blissfully mystic verse of the upanishads were in all likelihood brahmins as well.	however, it is widely acknowledged that those who wrote the mystic verse of the upanishads were in all likelihood brahmins as well.
many critics have stated that while michael vick has a powerful arm, his passes are not nearly as accurate as other top quarterbacks in the league, such as cincinnati's carson palmer or indianapolis' peyton manning, both of whom have better quarterback ratings.	critics have stated that while michael vick has a powerful arm, his passes are not nearly as accurate as other top quarterbacks in the league, such as cincinnati's carson palmer or indianapolis' peyton manning, both of whom have better quarterback ratings.
the white queen is a british television drama series in ten parts, based on philippa gregory's best-selling historical novel series the cousins' war, (the white queen, the red queen and the kingmaker's daughter).	the white queen is a british television drama series in ten parts, based on philippa gregory's historical novel series the cousins' war, (the white queen, the red queen and the kingmaker's daughter).
all good things takes the rich trove of facts and speculation surrounding the durst case and uses them as a departure point for a spellbinding thriller about family, obsession, love and loss.	all good things takes the rich trove of facts and speculation surrounding the durst case and uses them as a departure point for a thriller about family, obsession, love and loss.
the open door policy was rooted in desire of american businesses to exploit chinese markets, though it also tapped the deep-seated sympathies of those who opposed imperialism, especially as the policy pledged to protect china's territorial integrity.	the open door policy was rooted in desire of american businesses to trade with chinese markets, though it also tapped the deep-seated sympathies of those who opposed imperialism, especially as the policy pledged to protect china's territorial integrity.
"comedienne anjelah johnson, herself a combination of native american and mexican, references cholos in the audience of her 2015 netflix special ""not fancy""."	"comedian anjelah johnson, herself a combination of native american and mexican, references cholos in the audience of her 2015 netflix special ""not fancy""."
the claimed disadvantages would be reduced selection at smaller, less central locations and higher prices for some items, and potentially reduced government oversight in the controversial sale of alcohol.	the claimed disadvantages would be reduced selection at smaller, less central locations and higher prices for some items, and potentially reduced government oversight in the sale of alcohol.
bryan olesen (2003–2006) was only a temporary replacement until a full-time lead guitarist was found.	bryan olesen (2003–2006) was a temporary replacement until a full-time lead guitarist was found.
however, this use was curtailed after the hindenburg disaster erroneously convinced the public that the gas was too dangerous for this purpose.	however, this use was curtailed after the hindenburg disaster controversially convinced the public that the gas was too dangerous for this purpose.
actors from cheshire include the versatile tim curry, daniel craig, the 6th james bond; dame wendy hiller; and lewis mcgibbon, best known for his role in millions.	actors from cheshire include the tim curry, daniel craig, the 6th james bond; dame wendy hiller; and lewis mcgibbon, best known for his role in millions.
this is a list of musicians from the country of sri lanka which is located under india.	this is a list of musicians from the country of sri lanka which is located south of india.
methadone is indicated for the maintenance treatment of opioid addiction (i.e.	methadone is indicated for the maintenance treatment of opioid dependency (i.e.
shortly before each subsequent national election (1999, 2001 and 2004) he published articles rightly accusing ukip of extremism and incompetence.	shortly before each subsequent national election (1999, 2001 and 2004) he published articles accusing ukip of extremism and incompetence.
shareware (also termed trialware or demoware) is proprietary software that is provided to users on a very limited basis and only for a certain limited trial basis and pursuant to a license which restricts any commercial benefit, use or exploitation of the software.	shareware (also termed trialware or demoware) is proprietary software that is provided to users on a limited basis and only for a certain limited trial basis and pursuant to a license which restricts any commercial benefit, use or exploitation of the software.
emmerdale.net - premier emmerdale forum, scrap book and lastest official spoilers	emmerdale.net - emmerdale forum, scrap book and lastest official spoilers
army air forces historians dubiously point out a bombing campaign against the camp would have taken months of planning by which time it would be too late to save many jews.	army air forces historians point out a bombing campaign against the camp would have taken months of planning by which time it would be too late to save many jews.
15,000), nothing-special pakistani crossroads town.	15,000), pakistani crossroads town.
under the able editorship of philip w. goetz, the 1985 version of the 15th edition introduced other major changes.	under the editorship of philip w. goetz, the 1985 version of the 15th edition introduced other major changes.
duke lavery was a fictional character on the popular abc soap opera, general hospital.	duke lavery was a fictional character on the abc soap opera, general hospital.
some democrats claim the document controversy was engineered to misdirect media attention and undermine legitimate criticism of bush's service record.	some democrats claim the document controversy was engineered to misdirect media attention and undermine criticism of bush's service record.
patton's bloodthirsty speeches resulted in controversy when it was claimed one inspired the biscari massacre, where american troops who followed his instructions to be ruthless were jailed after killing seventy-six prisoners of war, although patton and their senior officers were not charged with any wrongdoing.	patton's speeches resulted in controversy when it was claimed one inspired the biscari massacre, where american troops who followed his instructions to be ruthless were jailed after killing seventy-six prisoners of war, although patton and their senior officers were not charged with any wrongdoing.
feldman resigned from this role two years before her passing in 2007. she was debuted in the episode first - umar odbiornik, niech yje odbiornik!	feldman resigned from this role two years before her death in 2007. she was debuted in the episode first - umar odbiornik, niech yje odbiornik!
fred phelps, famously homophobic evangelist, was appointed to the class of 1950 but dropped out before classes began.	fred phelps, famously anti-homosexual evangelist, was appointed to the class of 1950 but dropped out before classes began.
tests and criticism of astrology by skeptics has sometimes taken the form of questionable debunking campaigns with offers of prize money.	tests and criticism of astrology by skeptics has sometimes taken the form of debunking campaigns with offers of prize money.
shawnna's father is legendary blues and rock and roll guitarist buddy guy.	shawnna's father is prominent blues and rock and roll guitarist buddy guy.
when the game was released in the united states it was assumed that the overly- religious united states would not tolerate a preacher as a suspect, so the character was re-written as mr. green, and from this sprung automatic assumptions about the mafia which have remained until the 2002 version.	when the game was released in the united states it was assumed that the religious united states would not tolerate a preacher as a suspect, so the character was re-written as mr. green, and from this sprung automatic assumptions about the mafia which have remained until the 2002 version.
australia due to its heavy reliance on fossil fuels for electricity generation and transport has the ninth highest per capita greenhouse gas emissions in the developed world.	australia due to its heavy reliance on fossil fuels for electricity generation and transport has the ninth highest per capita greenhouse gas emissions in the world.
his brilliant translation of the iliad (1807-29) is still the standard one.	his translation of the iliad (1807-29) is still the standard one.
emissaries would often divorce their wives before leaving, so that if they died along the way and their passing could not be verified, their wives would be able to legally remarry.	emissaries would often divorce their wives before leaving, so that if they died along the way and their deaths could not be verified, their wives would be able to legally remarry.
"the word ""family"" is not simply mouthed in our public appearances, but is deeply embedded in the culture of farrer."	"the word ""family"" is not simply mouthed in public appearances, but is deeply embedded in the culture of farrer."
during the 1950s over 50 new cities incorporated, and in los angeles county alone, 10 new cities incorporated in 1957. interestingly , no thought was given as to how or who would pay the costs for the necessary services needed to sustain a city.	during the 1950s over 50 new cities incorporated, and in los angeles county alone, 10 new cities incorporated in 1957. at the time , no thought was given as to how or who would pay the costs for the necessary services needed to sustain a city.
"patrolling the long island's ""neutral ground"""	"patrolling long island's ""neutral ground"""
"critics have claimed that the term ""hate speech"" is a modern example of newspeak, used to silence critics of social policies that have been poorly implemented in a rush to appear politically correct."	"critics have argued that the term ""hate speech"" is a modern example of newspeak, used to silence critics of social policies that have been poorly implemented in a rush to appear politically correct."
"standard folk etymology has it that the slavic peoples erroneously referred to the germanic europeans as ""mute"", as their languages were incompatible, and the russian word for germans even today is still that, nemtsy ."	"standard folk etymology has it that the slavic peoples referred to the germanic europeans as ""mute"", as their languages were incompatible, and the russian word for germans even today is still that, nemtsy ."
the station at the time was owned by legendary oakland a's announcer monte moore.	the station at the time was owned by oakland a's announcer monte moore.
bonnie hunt (born 1961), golden globe- and emmy award-nominated actress, comedienne , writer, director, television producer and daytime television host, maternal grandparents were polish	bonnie hunt (born 1961), golden globe- and emmy award-nominated actress, comedian , writer, director, television producer and daytime television host, maternal grandparents were polish
karwal (also gharwar, garhwar) is a gotra of the mair rajput caste who have their origins in punjab, india.	karwal (also gharwar, garhwar) is a gotra of the mair caste who have their origins in punjab, india.
radio maryja is a nationalist, conservative, anti-post-communists, and, according to some , an allegedly anti-semitic radio station and media group, describing itself as catholic and patriotic, founded in toru, poland, on december 9, 1991 and run since its inception by the reverend father director tadeusz rydzyk cssr.	radio maryja is a nationalist, conservative, anti-post-communists, and, according to its adversaries , an allegedly anti-semitic radio station and media group, describing itself as catholic and patriotic, founded in toru, poland, on december 9, 1991 and run since its inception by the reverend father director tadeusz rydzyk cssr.
famous ukrainian feminist group femen released a video calling turkish women to stand for their rights via protests.	ukrainian feminist group femen released a video calling turkish women to stand for their rights via protests.
in the event, the only clear effect of this policy was to incite social protest, especially from nationalists and families of the prisoners, over the cruelty of separating family members from their loved ones and the supposed illegality of the policy itself.	in the event, the only clear effect of this policy was to incite social protest, especially from nationalists and families of the prisoners, over the cruelty of separating family members from their loved ones and the alleged illegality of the policy itself.
in this role, he presided over the howard government's hardline policies on asylum seekers.	in this role, he presided over the howard government's policies on asylum seekers.
the fac kfirs have been widely used in ground-attack missions during counter-insurgency operations against colombian terrorists .	the fac kfirs have been widely used in ground-attack missions during counter-insurgency operations against colombian rebels .
his body remains there to this day, and for this reason among others, the chapel is one of lexington's many major historical tourist attractions.	his body remains there to this day, and for this reason among others, the chapel is one of lexington's major historical tourist attractions.
the so-called mantell incident is among the most publicised early ufo reports: the crash and death of 25-year-old kentucky air national guard pilot, captain thomas f. mantell, on 7 january 1948, while in pursuit of a ufo.	the mantell incident is among the most publicised early ufo reports: the crash and death of 25-year-old kentucky air national guard pilot, captain thomas f. mantell, on 7 january 1948, while in pursuit of a ufo.
coincidentally three days earlier, on 12 march 1951, another dennis the menace debuted in the united states.	three days earlier, on 12 march 1951, another dennis the menace debuted in the united states.
in the wake of pocket books's successful deep space nine relaunch novel series, which features stories placed after the end of star trek: deep space nine, a similar relaunch was planned for voyager.	in the wake of pocket books's deep space nine relaunch novel series, which features stories placed after the end of star trek: deep space nine, a similar relaunch was planned for voyager.
the sixth wave reached its peak with the legalization of abortion in 1956, which generated the production of polemical pro - abortion texts.	the sixth wave reached its peak with the legalization of abortion in 1956, which generated the production of polemical pro - choice texts.
together is the third album by the influential san francisco psychedelic rock group country joe and the fish, released in 1968.	together is the third album by the san francisco psychedelic rock group country joe and the fish , released in 1968.
in norway, the outcome of breivik's competency evaluation was debated by mental health experts over the court-appointed psychiatrists' opinion and the country's definition of criminal insanity.	in norway, the outcome of breivik's competency evaluation has been fiercely debated by mental health experts over the court-appointed psychiatrists' opinion and the country's definition of criminal insanity.
as a result, iran has publicly stood against the use of chemical weapons, making numerous vitriolic comments against iraq's use of such weapons in international forums.	as a result, iran has publicly stood against the use of chemical weapons, making numerous negative comments against iraq's use of such weapons in international forums.
the visarjan (nimarjan) ceremony of lord ganesha during the chaturthi festival.	the visarjan (nimarjan) ceremony of ganesha during the chaturthi festival.
spinoza considers how the affects, ungoverned, can torment people and make it impossible for mankind to live in harmony with one another.	spinoza considers how the affects, ungoverned, can torment people and make it impossible for humankind to live in harmony with one another.
built in 1933 by architect horace trumbauer, it was purchased as a private residence in 1992 by now-disgraced financier jeffrey epstein.	built in 1933 by architect horace trumbauer, it was purchased as a private residence in 1992 by financier jeffrey epstein.
the moroccan troops who did occupy the moroccan island , were transported back to morocco, after which the spanish air force and navy did take over the occupied island.	the moroccan troops who did occupy the dispiuted island , were transported back to morocco, after which the spanish air force and navy did take over the occupied island.
kerry arthur danes and kay frances danes oam are a married australian couple, who were arrested in laos during december 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the theft of over $us 6 million worth of sapphires.	kerry arthur danes and kay frances danes oam are a married australian couple, who were detained in laos during december 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the theft of over $us 6 million worth of sapphires.
more recently barelvis have started propagation of islam in various countries of asia, europe, north america and south africa by their missionary organization named dawat-e-islami.	more recently barelvis have started propagation of barelvism in various countries of asia, europe, north america and south africa by their missionary organization named dawat-e-islami.
she was a member of second church of christ, scientist, philadelphia from 1912, when it was organised, until her passing in 1961.	she was a member of second church of christ, scientist, philadelphia from 1912, when it was organised, until her death in 1961.
"antonia "" weirdo "" campbell-hughes is an actress and fashion designer of english and irish descent."	"antonia "" toni "" campbell-hughes is an actress and fashion designer of english and irish descent."
in february 1462 john's representatives concluded an agreement once pompously referred to as the treaty of westminster-ardtornish, that envisaged nothing less than the conquest and partition of scotland.	in february 1462 john's representatives concluded an agreement once referred to as the treaty of westminster-ardtornish, that envisaged nothing less than the conquest and partition of scotland.
daniel 2:4b–7:28 five tales about daniel and his colleagues, and an apocalyptic vision.	daniel 2:4b–7:28 five stories about daniel and his colleagues, and an apocalyptic vision.
when he ran for president in the election of 1868, grant was able to carry the jewish vote and unfortunately named several jews to high office.	when he ran for president in the election of 1868, grant was able to carry the jewish vote and named several jews to high office.
the twin paradox is a thought experiment in special relativity of two twin brothers, one undertaking a long space journey with a very high-speed rocket at almost the speed of light, the other remaining on earth.	the twin paradox stems from a thought experiment in special relativity of two twin brothers, one undertaking a long space journey with a very high-speed rocket at almost the speed of light, the other remaining on earth.
after stepping down as chancellor, schrder accepted a post as the head of the shareholders' committee in a russian-led consortium, controlled by gazprom, building a gas pipeline under the baltic sea to supply russian gas directly to germany without transit through poland, ukraine or the baltic countries.	after stepping down as chancellor, schrder accepted a post as the head of the shareholders' committee in a russian-led consortium, controlled by gazprom, building the north european gas pipeline under the baltic sea to supply russian gas directly to germany without transit through poland, ukraine or the baltic countries.
edward lodewijk van halen, (born january 26, 1955) is a virtuoso guitarist and a founding member of the hard rock band van halen.	edward lodewijk van halen, (born january 26, 1955) is a guitarist and a founding member of the hard rock band van halen.
carlin also uses history to help analyze societal and governmental problems and craft solutions.	carlin also uses history to help analyze societal and governmental problems and propose solutions.
in february 1878, in a sham court case that was eventually dismissed, they obtained a court order to seize all of mcsween's assets, but mistakenly included all of tunstall's assests with those of mcsween.	in february 1878, in a court case that was eventually dismissed, they obtained a court order to seize all of mcsween's assets, but mistakenly included all of tunstall's assests with those of mcsween.
"the situation changed in 1998 when shakespeare scholar and self-styled ""literary detective"" don foster - who had gained publicity by correctly identifying joe klein as the author of primary colors - fingered an obscure beat poet and writer, tom hawkins, as the author of the letters."	"the situation changed in 1998 when shakespeare scholar and ""literary detective"" don foster - who had gained publicity by correctly identifying joe klein as the author of primary colors - fingered an obscure beat poet and writer, tom hawkins, as the author of the letters."
"the logo of the stargate series similarly features a stylized a with a circle above it, making it resemble an as in stargte, which has the unfortunate pronunciation ""star goat""."	"the logo of the stargate series similarly features a stylized a with a circle above it, making it resemble an as in stargte, which has the pronunciation ""star goat""."
sheikh usamah bin muhammad bin awad bin ladin (born march 10 or july 30, 1957), commonly known as osama bin laden (arabic: أسامة بن لادن), is the leader and head of al-qaida, widely regarded as the most extensive terrorist organization in the world.	usamah bin muhammad bin awad bin ladin (born march 10 or july 30, 1957), commonly known as osama bin laden (arabic: أسامة بن لادن), is the leader and head of al-qaida, widely regarded as the most extensive terrorist organization in the world.
the first freshman college class matriculated in 1862 and hope received its state charter in 1866. hope college is affiliated with the reformed church in america and it retains a vibrant christian atmosphere.	the first freshman college class matriculated in 1862 and hope received its state charter in 1866. hope college is affiliated with the reformed church in america and it retains a christian atmosphere.
alexander popov is a 1949 biographical film about the life and work of alexander stepanovich popov, who was the notable physicist and electrical engineer, inventor of radio communication.	alexander popov is a 1949 biographical film about the life and work of alexander stepanovich popov, who was the notable physicist and electrical engineer, and early developer of radio communication.
twilight is a 2008 american romantic fantasy film based on stephenie meyer's popular novel of the same name.	twilight is a 2008 american romantic fantasy film based on stephenie meyer's novel of the same name.
although the concept of rape culture is used by some feminist academics, there is disagreement over its validity and what defines a rape culture, and to what degree a given society even meets the criteria to be considered evincing rape culture.	although the concept of rape culture is used by some feminist academics, there is disagreement over its validity and what defines a rape culture, and to what degree a given society meets the criteria to be considered evincing rape culture.
"the popular online sketch-comedy troupe derrick comedy parodied the song in their video ""emo song"""	"the online sketch-comedy troupe derrick comedy parodied the song in their video ""emo song"""
the early christians preached a messiah which did not conform to the grandiose expectations of the time.	the early christians preached a messiah which did not conform to the expectations of the time.
president franklin delano roosevelt stopped briefly at the bottle after visiting auburn, as did grand ole opry comedienne minnie pearl.	president franklin delano roosevelt stopped briefly at the bottle after visiting auburn, as did grand ole opry comedian minnie pearl.
the british argosy was a short story magazine in paperback size, published from 1957 to 1962, with stories and serials by leading authors, plus page-fillers of fun quotations, excerpts and cartoons	the british argosy was a short story magazine in paperback size, published from 1957 to 1962, with stories and serials by leading authors, plus page-fillers of ostensibly amusing quotations, excerpts and cartoons
march 31 chichay, 75, actress and comedienne (born january 21, 1918)	march 31 chichay, 75, actress and comedian (born january 21, 1918)
although maintaining a neutral view, the united nations's position for decades has been to ask both parties to begin negotiations regarding this dispute.	maintaining a neutral view, the united nations's position for decades has been to ask both parties to begin negotiations regarding this dispute.
in 2001, niki was appointed by congressman marty meehan to head up a foundation to provide educational funding for the children of the victims of the 9/11 tragedy .	in 2001, niki was appointed by congressman marty meehan to head up a foundation to provide educational funding for the children of the victims of the 9/11 attacks .
the weapon was designed by the famous finnish gunsmith aimo lahti.	the weapon was designed by the finnish gunsmith aimo lahti.
the king of belgium is the only head of state who has publicly accepted the existence of ets.	the king of belgium is the only head of state who has publicly expressed a belief in the existence of ets.
the confederate states of america (also referred to as the confederate states, csa, and the confederacy) existed from 1861 to 1865 in north america; it was formed by the 11 slave states that declared their secession from the united states of america, because of state's rights issues including the future of slavery.	the confederate states of america (also referred to as the confederate states, csa, and the confederacy) existed from 1861 to 1865 in north america; it was formed by the 11 slave states that declared their seceded from the united states of america, because of state's rights issues including the future of slavery.
redwatch is an extreme-right magazine and website, published in the united kingdom, that displays photographs and personal information of people they perceive to be political opponents of their ideology.	redwatch is a terrorist, extreme-right magazine and website, published in the united kingdom, that displays photographs and personal information of people they perceive to be political opponents of their ideology.
in 2010, rachel bloom honored ray bradbury with a sexy pop music video that was nominated for a 2011 hugo award in the category best dramatic presentation, short form .	in 2010, rachel bloom honored ray bradbury with a pop music video that was nominated for a 2011 hugo award in the category best dramatic presentation, short form .
and also, the massacre of all christians of asia minor is usually binded with the armenian genocide.	and also, the massacre of all christians of asia minor is usually linked with the armenian genocide.
when chesterton died, shaw mourned his passing in a poignant letter to chesterton's widow; he had always expected that he would predecease chesterton, being the latter's senior by almost two decades.	when chesterton died, shaw mourned his death in a poignant letter to chesterton's widow; he had always expected that he would predecease chesterton, being the latter's senior by almost two decades.
the estate includes 34 hectares of historic parklands and gardens, including a magnificent walled garden from the 17th and 18th centuries.	the estate includes 34 hectares of historic parklands and gardens, including a walled garden from the 17th and 18th centuries.
"while ""the war of spartacus"" is noteworthy in its own right (it has inspired several novels, and at least one major motion picture), the third servile war was significant to the larger history of ancient rome mostly by the effect it had on the careers of pompey and crassus, who would go on to play larger roles in the subversion of roman political institutions, and help bring about the violent transformation of the republic into the empire."	"while ""the war of spartacus"" is noteworthy in its own right (it has inspired several novels, and at least one major motion picture), the third servile war was significant to the larger history of ancient rome mostly by the effect it had on the careers of pompey and crassus, who would go on to play larger roles in the subversion of roman political institutions, and help bring about the transformation of the republic into the empire."
"celebrities who lived in greenburgh included wrestler ""classy"" freddie blassie, jazz great cab calloway, photographer gordon parks, and comedienne jackie ""moms"" mabley."	"celebrities who lived in greenburgh included wrestler ""classy"" freddie blassie, jazz great cab calloway, photographer gordon parks, and comedian jackie ""moms"" mabley."
after the treaty was signed, loyalist ultra- conservatives combined to wage a violent campaign against irish nationalist insurgency in the northeast; if not against the continued existence of any irish catholic community there.	after the treaty was signed, loyalist conservatives combined to wage a violent campaign against irish nationalist insurgency in the northeast; if not against the continued existence of any irish catholic community there.
tim wise, a lecturer and leftist activist, has accused horowitz of associating with racist organizations.	tim wise, a lecturer and anti - racism activist, has accused horowitz of associating with racist organizations.
another great future singer, laurent voulzy, was the main competition for the job.	another future singer, laurent voulzy, was the main competition for the job.
assisted death, known as medical aid in dying to proponents and assisted suicide to opponents, is an end-of-life medical practice in which a mentally capable, terminally ill adult with less than six months to live may request a lethal dose of barbiturates from her or his doctor for self-administration to bring about a peaceful death if he or she feels that the dying process has become unbearable.	assisted death, known as medical aid in dying to proponents and assisted suicide to opponents, is an end-of-life practice in which a mentally capable, terminally ill adult with less than six months to live may request a lethal dose of barbiturates from her or his doctor for self-administration to bring about a peaceful death if he or she feels that the dying process has become unbearable.
they refused and many were cowardly murdered by lieutenant jefferson davis and militia volunteers in 1830.	they refused and many were murdered by lieutenant jefferson davis and militia volunteers in 1830.
the movement was very controversial when osho was alive, both in india and in western europe and the united states.	the movement was controversial when osho was alive, both in india and in western europe and the united states.
further north of the city, along the southern bank of the kennebecasis river is the quiet suburban neighbourhood of millidgeville.	further north of the city, along the southern bank of the kennebecasis river is the suburban neighbourhood of millidgeville.
"famous nicknames such as ""the flying tank"" and ""der schwarze tod"" (the ""black death"") were coined by soldiers."	"nicknames such as ""the flying tank"" and ""der schwarze tod"" (the ""black death"") were coined by soldiers."
tkspider a quality spider game for linux and all oses supporting tcl/tk.	tkspider a spider game for linux and all oses supporting tcl/tk.
four days later, he offered his first holy mass at the parish church of our lady of the angels.	four days later, he offered his first mass at the parish church of our lady of the angels.
the watt balance requires exquisitely precise measurement of the local gravitational acceleration g in the laboratory, using a gravimeter.	the watt balance requires extremely precise measurement of the local gravitational acceleration g in the laboratory, using a gravimeter.
alek wek (born 16 april 1977) is a south sudanese british supermodel and designer who began a catwalk career at the age of 18 in 1995. her presence had a huge impact on the perception of beauty in the fashion model industry.	alek wek (born 16 april 1977) is a south sudanese british model and designer who began a catwalk career at the age of 18 in 1995. her presence had a huge impact on the perception of beauty in the fashion model industry.
rt, also known as russia today, is a government-funded autonomous , non-profit global multilingual television news network based in russia.	rt, also known as russia today, is a government-funded, non-profit global multilingual television news network based in russia.
masada2000 is a pro- israel california-based kahanist website created and maintained by people from the united states, israel, brazil, and switzerland.	masada2000 is a pro- zionist california-based kahanist website created and maintained by people from the united states, israel, brazil, and switzerland.
investigations of the later twentieth century have revealed many documented cases of sexual, manual, physical and mental abuse occurring at church-run schools.	investigations of the later twentieth century have revealed many documented cases of sexual, manual, physical and mental abuse occurring at these schools.
"german poet eduard mrike's delightful novella mozart auf der reise nach prag (""mozart's on the way to prague"") is a fantasy about the composer's trip to that city in order to present don giovanni (the story, however, relates episodes that happen along the way, not in prague itself)."	"german poet eduard mrike's well-known novella mozart auf der reise nach prag (""mozart's on the way to prague"") is a fantasy about the composer's trip to that city in order to present don giovanni (the story, however, relates episodes that happen along the way, not in prague itself)."
featured in the popular video game forza motorsport 2	featured in the video game forza motorsport 2
mumtaz mufti si (urdu: ) (september 11, 1905 – october 27, 1995), was a distinguished writer from pakistan.	mumtaz mufti si (urdu: ) (september 11, 1905 – october 27, 1995), was a writer from pakistan.
the history of filipino women writers is an account of how philippine women became dynamic literary mistresses of the ink and lady pen-pushers who created works of fiction or factual and historical storybooks, poetry, novels, short stories, essays, biographies, autobiographies and other known writing genres.	the history of filipino women writers is an account of how philippine women became literary mistresses of the ink and lady pen-pushers who created works of fiction or factual and historical storybooks, poetry, novels, short stories, essays, biographies, autobiographies and other known writing genres.
this has unfortunately sometimes meant that films were transferred to video from their 35 mm blown-down elements instead of the high-quality full-gauge intermediates; luckily, now more and more dvd releases, such as west side story and the branagh hamlet, are using the original-gauge source elements.	this has sometimes meant that films were transferred to video from their 35 mm blown-down elements instead of the high-quality full-gauge intermediates; luckily, now more and more dvd releases, such as west side story and the branagh hamlet, are using the original-gauge source elements.
danica sue patrick (born march 25, 1982) is a hot professional race car driver in the indy racing league.	danica sue patrick (born march 25, 1982) is a professional race car driver in the indy racing league.
he is best remembered for his several cinematic portrayals of adolf hitler.	he is remembered for his several cinematic portrayals of adolf hitler.
she was also popular for her earlier work in supporting roles both in the l word, and life.	she was also noted for her earlier work in supporting roles both in the l word, and life.
avidemux is available for almost all distributions of gnu/ linux that are capable of compiling c++, gtk+ and the spidermonkey javascript engine.	avidemux is available for almost all distributions of linux that are capable of compiling c++, gtk+ and the spidermonkey javascript engine.
"the npd has been accused by its opponents and by some in the mainstream media as a nazi organization for various reasons, particularly for the party's opposition to the increasing number of non- germans and muslims living in germany, the party rejects this depiction and states it is a ""moderate"" right wing group."	"the npd has been accused by its opponents and by some in the mainstream media as a nazi organization for various reasons, particularly for the party's opposition to the increasing number of non- whites and muslims living in germany, the party rejects this depiction and states it is a ""moderate"" right wing group."
irving azoff is a personal manager to several top musical talents.	irving azoff is a personal manager to several notable musical talents.
it was first developed for the netscape family of browsers starting with netscape navigator 2.0 but has subsequently been implemented in other browsers including mozilla application suite, mozilla firefox, opera, konqueror and even some versions of microsoft internet explorer.	it was first developed for the netscape family of browsers starting with netscape navigator 2.0 but has subsequently been implemented in other browsers including mozilla application suite, mozilla firefox, opera, konqueror and some versions of microsoft internet explorer.
in the latter engagement, the allied forces of sun quan and liu bei destroyed a massive fleet commanded by cao cao in a fire-based naval attack.	in the latter engagement, the allied forces of sun quan and liu bei destroyed a large fleet commanded by cao cao in a fire-based naval attack.
a lonely, neurotic and hilariously honest middle-aged man (woody harrelson) reunites with his estranged wife (laura dern) and meets his teenage daughter (isabella amara) for the first time.	a lonely, neurotic and uncomfortably honest middle-aged man (woody harrelson) reunites with his estranged wife (laura dern) and meets his teenage daughter (isabella amara) for the first time.
1948) also known as serok apo among his supporters, is the terrorist leader of the armed militant kurdistan workers party (pkk).	1948) also known as serok apo among his supporters, is the leader of the armed militant kurdistan workers party (pkk).
it contains many shops including a large house of fraser department store (known as kendals from the 1830s until 2005), and the booksellers waterstones along with many public houses and bars including the moon under water, formerly the deansgate cinema (or abc deansgate).	it contains many shops including a house of fraser department store (known as kendals from the 1830s until 2005), and the booksellers waterstones along with many public houses and bars including the moon under water, formerly the deansgate cinema (or abc deansgate).
professor emeritus harold c. conklin (1926 - ) is an emminent anthropologist who has conducted extensive ethnoecological and linguistic field research in southeast asia (particularly the phillipines) and is a pioneer of ethnoscience, documenting indigenous ways of understanding and knowing the world .	professor emeritus harold c. conklin (1926 - ) is an anthropologist who has conducted extensive ethnoecological and linguistic field research in southeast asia (particularly the phillipines) and is a pioneer of ethnoscience, documenting indigenous ways of understanding and knowing the world .
poor attempt at a popular mechanics debunk	attempt at a popular mechanics debunk
kate carney (1869 – 1950) was an english singer and comedienne who played the music halls in london.	kate carney (1869 – 1950) was an english singer and comedian who played the music halls in london.
an earlier appeal to achilles to return was rejected, but after hector burned protesilaus' ship, he allowed his close friend and lover patroclus to go into battle wearing achilles' armor and lead his army.	an earlier appeal to achilles to return was rejected, but after hector burned protesilaus' ship, he allowed his close friend and relative patroclus to go into battle wearing achilles' armor and lead his army.
the sunday times is a popular sri lankan sunday broadsheet initially published by now defunct times group until the early 1980s, when it was taken over by the wijeya publishing group, ltd. the present editor is veteran sri lankan journalist and attorney-at-law sinha migara ratnatunga.	the sunday times is a popular sri lankan sunday broadsheet initially published by now defunct times group until the early 1980s, when it was taken over by the wijeya publishing group, ltd. the present editor is sri lankan journalist and attorney-at-law sinha migara ratnatunga.
the ghost in the machine is arthur koestler's, 1967, non-fiction diatribe against any such ghost.	the ghost in the machine is arthur koestler's, 1967, non-fiction polemic against any such ghost.
the sudden formation of a sinkhole was observed in guatemala in june 2010, where torrential rains from tropical storm agatha and a bad drainage system were blamed for creating a huge sinkhole which swallowed a three story building and a house.	the sudden formation of a sinkhole was observed in guatemala in june 2010, where torrential rains from tropical storm agatha and a bad drainage system were blamed for creating a sinkhole which swallowed a three story building and a house.
"james whitcomb riley (greenfield, indiana october 7, 1849 – july 22, 1916), beloved american writer and poet called the ""hoosier poet"" and america's ""children's poet"" made a start writing newspaper verse in hoosier dialect for the indianapolis journal in 1875. some of his phrases remained in the popular repertory after the poems were no longer read: ""when the frost is on the punkin."""	"james whitcomb riley (greenfield, indiana october 7, 1849 – july 22, 1916), american writer and poet called the ""hoosier poet"" and america's ""children's poet"" made a start writing newspaper verse in hoosier dialect for the indianapolis journal in 1875. some of his phrases remained in the popular repertory after the poems were no longer read: ""when the frost is on the punkin."""
sir william wallace (c. 1272-76 23 august 1305) was a scottish knight, landowner, and patriot who is notorious for leading a resistance during the wars of scottish independence.	sir william wallace (c. 1272-76 23 august 1305) was a scottish knight, landowner, and patriot who is known for leading a resistance during the wars of scottish independence.
in 2008 hayley tastefully restored the chapel as a function space.	in 2008 hayley restored the chapel as a function space.
"prior to this, he was best known for his role as ""jimmy cooper"" in the american teen drama television series the o.c."	"prior to this, he was known for his role as ""jimmy cooper"" in the american teen drama television series the o.c ."
click: a moving video by make poverty history	click: a video by make poverty history
he followed this with two other miraculous goals in the semi-final against belgium.	he followed this with two other noted goals in the semi-final against belgium.
although this scheme has never received the support it would need to become law, most developed countries have enacted worse scheme with regards to music.	although this scheme has never received the support it would need to become law, most developed countries have enacted a similar scheme with regards to music.
he would get against the ropes and dodge nearly every single punch until his opponent would tire, then he would take him down with marvelous combinations.	he would get against the ropes and dodge nearly every single punch until his opponent would tire, then he would take him down with combinations.
both books, the former written in 2008 and the latter in 2004, attacked democratic presidential candidates and were strongly criticized, including alleged factual errors.	both books, the former written in 2008 and the latter in 2004, attacked democratic presidential candidates and were strongly criticized, including numerous documented factual errors.
it offers renowned bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees, as well as an executive education program.	it offers bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees, as well as an executive education program.
at a tender age, sage narada informed her father that she was an intimate shakti of lord subramanya incarnated for the fulfillment of the lord's lila.	at a young age, sage narada informed her father that she was an intimate shakti of lord subramanya incarnated for the fulfillment of the lord's lila.
additionally, 81 congressmen filed a proposed brief of amici curiae.	additionally, 81 members of the u.s. congress filed a proposed brief of amici curiae.
exxon still has not paid the small $4 billion dollar fine from the exxon valdez oil spill.	exxon still has not paid the $4 billion dollar fine from the exxon valdez oil spill.
despite this, there is a wide misperception that these notes carry an implied government guarantee, and the vast majority of investors believe that the government would prevent them from defaulting on their debt.	despite this, there is a wide perception that these notes carry an implied government guarantee, and the vast majority of investors believe that the government would prevent them from defaulting on their debt.
patients physically dependent on the drug should be slowly tirated off under the supervision of a qualified healthcare professional to avoid withdrawal or rebound symptoms.	patients physically dependent on the drug should be slowly titrated off under the supervision of a qualified healthcare professional to avoid withdrawal or rebound symptoms.
"the packages were slated to include copies of ""left behind: eternal forces,"" but questionable claims of ""kill or convert"" violence against non-christian characters and characters shouting ""praise the lord!"""	"the packages were slated to include copies of ""left behind: eternal forces,"" but claims of ""kill or convert"" violence against non-christian characters and characters shouting ""praise the lord!"""
population control in singapore spans two distinct phases: first to slow and reverse the boom in births that started after world war ii; and then, from the 1980s onwards, to encourage parents to have more children because birth numbers had fallen below replacement levels.	population planning in singapore spans two distinct phases: first to slow and reverse the boom in births that started after world war ii; and then, from the 1980s onwards, to encourage parents to have more children because birth numbers had fallen below replacement levels.
this fact was parroted on the rush limbaugh radio show on wednesday, october 7, 2009.	this fact was mentioned on the rush limbaugh radio show on wednesday, october 7, 2009.
political interference in the case by the bush administration in the u.s. and the howard government in australia was later alleged by former pentagon chief prosecutor, colonel morris davis.	political intervention in the case by the bush administration in the u.s. and the howard government in australia was later alleged by former pentagon chief prosecutor, colonel morris davis.
airs three comedy programs: the late night talk show chelsea lately, hosted by comedienne chelsea handler, its scripted/improvised spin-off after lately, and the soup (based on the popular 1991-2002 e!	airs three comedy programs: the late night talk show chelsea lately, hosted by comedian chelsea handler, its scripted/improvised spin-off after lately, and the soup (based on the popular 1991-2002 e!
he wrote that respect, which he considers a front organization for the socialist workers party, is equally as contemptible as the british national party, and that it promotes anti-semitism because of the swp's promotion of jewish activist and jazz musician gilad atzmon.	he wrote that respect, which he considers a front organization for the socialist workers party, is equally as contemptible as the british national party, and that it promotes anti-semitism because of the swp's promotion of activist and jazz musician gilad atzmon.
2as an artist, sutcliffe displayed considerable artistic talent from a young age.	2as an artist, sutcliffe displayed artistic talent from a young age.
telephoned warnings were sent about an hour beforehand, but a news photographer was killed in the blast and 44 people were injured, with fatalities only minimised due to it occurring on a saturday.	telephoned warnings were sent about an hour beforehand, but a news photographer was killed in the blast and 44 people were injured, with fatalities minimised due to it occurring on a saturday.
the islamic view is in direct contrast to the bible and the gospel accounts that were written by witnesses and the early church.	the islamic view is in contrast to the bible and the gospel accounts that were written by witnesses and the early church.
some feminists argue that the incorrect characterization of feminism as misandrous has been promoted by detractors to discredit the movement, and has contributed to reluctance among supporters of feminism to identify as such.	some feminists argue that the characterization of feminism as misandrous has been promoted by detractors to discredit the movement, and has contributed to reluctance among supporters of feminism to identify as such.
an original adaptation of the legendarium created by j. r. r. tolkien, the game is based on tolkien's fantasy novels the hobbit and the lord of the rings and is heavily inspired by director peter jackson's the lord of the rings and the hobbit film adaptations.	an original adaptation of the legendarium created by j. r. r. tolkien, the game is based on tolkien's fantasy novels the hobbit and the lord of the rings and is heavily influenced by director peter jackson's the lord of the rings and the hobbit film adaptations.
wallace, from pearl, mississippi, played varsity basketball for vanderbilt from 1967-1970, and faced considerable opposition from racists when playing at other sec venues.	wallace, from pearl, mississippi, played varsity basketball for vanderbilt from 1967-1970, and faced considerable opposition from segregationists when playing at other sec venues.
pearl harbor: the controversy continues top-notch article on foreknowledge as well as steps that might provoke japan,	pearl harbor: the controversy continues article on foreknowledge as well as steps that might provoke japan,
on the other hand, the economy in ecuador continues improving exponentially, while bolivia remains stabilized, which leads to focus more on matters of government leadership and fund management as opposed to blaming the disastrous results of the venezuelan economy on the socialist model.	on the other hand, the economy in ecuador continues improving exponentially, while bolivia remains stabilized, which leads to focus more on matters of government leadership and fund management as opposed to blaming the poor results of the venezuelan economy on the socialist model.
forza italia, the personal party of silvio berlusconi	forza italia, the party of silvio berlusconi
the chechens, though, again rose up against soviet rule during the 1940s, resulting in the genocidal deportation of the chechen population to the kazakh ssr (later kazakhstan) and siberia during world war ii .	the chechens, though, again rose up against soviet rule during the 1940s, resulting in the deportation of the chechen population to the kazakh ssr (later kazakhstan) and siberia during world war ii .
mysterious death of scipio aemilianus	death of scipio aemilianus
the white night riots were a response of the gay community's outrage to the minimal sentence given to dan white for murdering george moscone, the mayor of san francisco, california and harvey milk, the openly gay supervisor of san francisco.	the white night riots were a response of the gay community's outrage to the minimal sentence given to dan white for killing george moscone, the mayor of san francisco, california and harvey milk, the openly gay supervisor of san francisco.
a few years later, paul became christianity's foremost missionary, converting hundreds of people, planting dozens of churches throughout southeastern europe, and writing letters that would become holy scripture .	a few years later, paul became christianity's foremost missionary, converting hundreds of people, planting dozens of churches throughout southeastern europe, and writing letters that would become part of christian scripture .
unfortunately fc dallas lost the match by a score of 2-1, after overtime.	fc dallas lost the match by a score of 2-1, after overtime.
however, this has never been formally admitted , in order to avoid accusations of state anti-semitism, which goes against marxist principles such as the fraternity of peoples and proletarian internationalism.	however, this has never been formally confirmed , in order to avoid accusations of state anti-semitism, which goes against marxist principles such as the fraternity of peoples and proletarian internationalism.
but if disbelievers disregard these sanctities, muslims are asked to retaliate in equal measure.	but if non-muslims disregard these sanctities, muslims are asked to retaliate in equal measure.
singer- comedienne kaye ballard, herself an old friend of desi's, auditioned for and then got the part of the neighbor (now named kaye buell) that would have gone to ann sothern.	singer- comedian kaye ballard, herself an old friend of desi's, auditioned for and then got the part of the neighbor (now named kaye buell) that would have gone to ann sothern.
tiny dancer features a well-remembered piano-based melody during verses, typically inscrutable taupin lyrics during the chorus, and an arrangement that at the start features pedal steel guitar and light percussion but, transitioning subtly halfway through one of the choruses, by the end is driven by paul buckmaster's dynamic strings, along with a barely heard backing choir.	tiny dancer features a piano-based melody during verses, typically inscrutable taupin lyrics during the chorus, and an arrangement that at the start features pedal steel guitar and light percussion but, transitioning subtly halfway through one of the choruses, by the end is driven by paul buckmaster's dynamic strings, along with a barely heard backing choir.
schapelle leigh corby (born 10 july, 1977) is an australian who is serving a 20 year sentence for the alleged importation of 4.1 kg of cannabis into bali, indonesia.	schapelle leigh corby (born 10 july, 1977) is an australian who is serving a 20 year sentence for the importation of 4.1 kg of cannabis into bali, indonesia.
moe baby blues featured several interesting references relating to fat tony.	moe baby blues featured several references relating to fat tony.
"according to shai agassi, the company's founder and ceo, his vision was inspired by a profound question asked by klaus schwab at the 2005 world economic forum in davos, switzerland: ""how do you make the world a better place by 2020?"""	"according to shai agassi, the company's founder and ceo, his vision was inspired by a question asked by klaus schwab at the 2005 world economic forum in davos, switzerland: ""how do you make the world a better place by 2020?"""
"according to his biographer, dennis king, larouche has described his childhood as that of ""an egregious child, i wouldn't say an ugly duckling but a nasty duckling"" (p.4)."	"according to anti-larouche biographer, dennis king, larouche has described his childhood as that of ""an egregious child, i wouldn't say an ugly duckling but a nasty duckling"" (p.4)."
glyphosate is one of the most toxic herbicides, with many species of wild plants being damaged or killed by applications of less than 10 micrograms per plant.	glyphosate is one of the most potent herbicides, with many species of wild plants being damaged or killed by applications of less than 10 micrograms per plant.
austin jack warner attended secondary school at the prestigious presentation college chaguanas,located in central trinidad.	austin jack warner attended secondary school at the presentation college chaguanas, located in central trinidad.
when disturbing pictures and footage of the madrid train bombings appeared on ogrish, the site was blocked by spain and ordered to be taken offline.	when pictures and footage of the madrid train bombings appeared on ogrish, the site was blocked by spain and ordered to be taken offline.
she is by far the strongest female chess player in history.	she is by far the most successful female chess player in history.
while jews have long been noted for a lack of alcohol abuse, drunkenness is legitimate on this holiday.	while jews have long been noted for a lack of alcohol abuse, drunkenness is not uncommon on this holiday.
a few belong to non-christian cults .	a few belong to non-christian religions .
however, in the past century some prominent theologians and christian religious groups have espoused a wide variety of beliefs and practices towards homosexuals, including the establishment of some 'open and accepting' congregations that actively support lgbt members.	however, in the past century some theologians and christian religious groups have espoused a wide variety of beliefs and practices towards homosexuals, including the establishment of some 'open and accepting' congregations that actively support lgbt members.
arguably the most controversial stunt licciardello was involved in was the apec stunt in 2007. fellow chaser julian morrow claimed that he and licciardello aimed to get a majority of their members arrested amidst the high security surrounding the apec australia 2007 summit in sydney, adding jokingly that they also aimed to get licciardello shot.	one of the most controversial stunt licciardello was involved in was the apec stunt in 2007. fellow chaser julian morrow claimed that he and licciardello aimed to get a majority of their members arrested amidst the high security surrounding the apec australia 2007 summit in sydney, adding jokingly that they also aimed to get licciardello shot.
libertarian socialism is a political philosophy dedicated to opposing illegitimate forms of authority and social hierarchy, most famously the institution of government.	libertarian socialism is a political philosophy dedicated to opposing all forms of authority and social hierarchy, most famously the institution of government.
its responses, while less useful than those of ask jeeves!	its responses, while less functional than those of ask jeeves!
muammar gaddafi was ultimately overthrown and murdered .	muammar gaddafi was ultimately overthrown and killed .
a building in hong kong with a hollow middle hole, maximizing on fengshui benefits .	a building in hong kong with a hollow middle hole, maximizing on fengshui prescriptions .
"glenn has also become known for his bigoted cartoons published through the belleville news-democrat; in 2008, daily kos described his portrayal of barack obama as the ""sickest editorial cartoon in history""."	"glenn has also become known for his cartoons published through the belleville news-democrat; in 2008, daily kos described his portrayal of barack obama as the ""sickest editorial cartoon in history""."
unfortunately , undertaker lost the match after kane interfered.	however , undertaker lost the match after kane interfered.
as the leading british general of the day, he was chosen to put a decisive stop to prince charles edward stuart, a direct descendent of james vii of scotland and ii of england (james vii/ii was the last stuart king on the male line), in the jacobite rising of 1745. his appointment was popular, and caused morale to soar amongst the public and troops loyal to king george.	as the leading british general of the day, he was chosen to put a decisive stop to charles edward stuart, a direct descendent of james vii of scotland and ii of england (james vii/ii was the last stuart king on the male line), in the jacobite rising of 1745. his appointment was popular, and caused morale to soar amongst the public and troops loyal to king george.
today, on large farms, motorcycles, dogs or men on horseback may herd sheep.	today, on large farms, motorcycles, dogs or people on horseback may herd sheep.
moreover, zune hd consumers will get access to zune marketplace catalog having around 6 million songs for just $14.99, and they can also log into zune.net and stream full albums and tracks through a computers browser.	moreover, zune hd consumers will get access to zune marketplace catalog having around 6 million songs for $14.99, and they can also log into zune.net and stream full albums and tracks through a computers browser.
the village is also where the famous musician xan da xesta was from.	the village is also where the musician xan da xesta was from.
"as of 2005, this view is widely supported by the international community although there are unsubstantiated reports of ""one or two civilians who were shot and executed""."	"as of 2005, this view is widely supported by the international community although there are reports of ""one or two civilians who were shot and executed""."
pink martini recorded a lovely version on the original cut of their 1997 album sympathique, which was sadly removed from more recent distributions of that album.	pink martini recorded a lovely version on the original cut of their 1997 album sympathique, which was removed from more recent distributions of that album.
not long after its creation in 1953, metropolitan toronto council undertook to destroy the community and replace it with parkland.	not long after its creation in 1953, metropolitan toronto council undertook to remove the community and replace it with parkland.
counter information have also issued a statement particularly attacking steve booth's offensive article 'the irrationalists'.	counter information have also issued a statement particularly attacking steve booth's article 'the irrationalists'.
remnants of dhammakaya teaching were perpetuated by acharn kaew potikanok's (192686) student fuengsin (ne sarayutpitak) trafford (193695) who practised dhammakaya meditation until her passing .	remnants of dhammakaya teaching were perpetuated by acharn kaew potikanok's (192686) student fuengsin (ne sarayutpitak) trafford (193695) who practised dhammakaya meditation until her death .
even though this ranking is crude and mechanistic, it is surprisingly consonant with the assessments of many classical liberal and libertarian historians such as robert higgs, jeffrey rogers hummel, thomas dilorenzo, john v. denson, ralph raico, joseph stromberg, scott trask, clyde wilson, and thomas e. woods, jr.	even though this ranking is crude and mechanistic, it is consonant with the assessments of many classical liberal and libertarian historians such as robert higgs, jeffrey rogers hummel, thomas dilorenzo, john v. denson, ralph raico, joseph stromberg, scott trask, clyde wilson, and thomas e. woods, jr.
"it is also the first ""grand slam"" beauty title for spain since 1990. andreu also became one of the youngest winners in miss international history when she was only 18 at the coronation moment."	"it is also the first ""grand slam"" beauty title for spain since 1990. andreu also became one of the youngest winners in miss international history when she was 18 at the coronation moment."
in the republican primary, he won a five candidate election with 42% of the vote, defeating opponent ken yonker by only 723 votes (a 6.3% margin).	in the republican primary, he won a five candidate election with 42% of the vote, defeating opponent ken yonker by 723 votes (a 6.3% margin).
he is also the co-founder of textdrive, a brilliant web hosting company.	he is also the co-founder of textdrive, a web hosting company.
in 1943 ziegler became honorary professor at the prestigious aachen university of technology	in 1943 ziegler became honorary professor at the aachen university of technology
in november of 2008, chrtien and former ndp leader ed broadbent came out of retirement to negotiate a formal coalition agreement between the liberals and the new democratic party, the first since world war i, in a bid to depose the government of prime minister stephen harper.	in november of 2008, chrtien and former ndp leader ed broadbent came out of retirement to negotiate a formal coalition agreement between the liberals and the new democratic party, the first since world war i, in a bid to form a new government to replace the government of prime minister stephen harper.
set up on the hills it looks down upon dronfield and the drone valley and offers some breathtaking views across the countryside towards the peak district.	set up on the hills it looks down upon dronfield and the drone valley and offers some panoramic views across the countryside towards the peak district.
george will specifically mentioned and refuted chemerinsky's argument in a column that ran four days later.	george will specifically mentioned and responded to chemerinsky's argument in a column that ran four days later.
however, belief in jesus as deity, son of god, or christ, is held as incompatible with mainstream judaism.	however, belief in jesus as deity, son of god, or christ, is held as incompatible with judaism.
martin luther king, jr. (son of martin luther king, sr.) and franklin graham (son of billy graham) are famous examples.	martin luther king, jr. (son of martin luther king, sr.) and franklin graham (son of billy graham) are examples.
on 22 october 2011, he scored a fantastic late equaliser in a 11 draw at reading after coming on as a substitute.	on 22 october 2011, he scored a late equaliser in a 11 draw at reading after coming on as a substitute.
on april 19, 2006, the um student government passed a resolution condemning campus disruptions by several organizations (acorn, jwj, seiu, stand) during the strike, including student harassment, class disruption, trespassing on private property, and vandalism.	on april 19, 2006, the um student government passed a resolution disapproving of recent campus disruptions by several organizations (acorn, jwj, seiu, stand) during the strike, including student harassment, class disruption, trespassing on private property, and vandalism.
ghinzani also holds the unfortunate record for the most formula 1 appearances without qualifying in the top ten.	ghinzani also holds the record for the most formula 1 appearances without qualifying in the top ten.
the bill is considered a reaction to the increasing role of federal government in state affairs, which many believe reached unforgivable levels with the implementation of president barack obama's stimulus bill and its accompanying regulations of state activities, particularly in the management of business.	the bill is considered a reaction to the increasing role of federal government in state affairs, which many believe reached unacceptable levels with the implementation of president barack obama's stimulus bill and its accompanying regulations of state activities, particularly in the management of business.
eat more tofu, a billboard for chick-fil-a that was vandalized by the alf.	eat more tofu, a billboard for chick-fil-a that was defaced by the alf.
she has appeared in many famous australian series and soap operas, including prisoner where she played the role of 'top dog' myra desmond.	she has appeared in many australian series and soap operas, including prisoner where she played the role of 'top dog' myra desmond.
ashley cotton is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, the son of zoe and nick cotton and the grandson of charlie and dot cotton, played by ryan devonshire in 1993 and then by frankie fitzgerald in 2000.	ashley cotton is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, the son of zoe and nick cotton and the grandson of charlie and dot cotton, played by ryan devonshire in 1993 and then by frankie fitzgerald in 2000.
it is an elegant white building done in the greek revival style that was popular in new england during the mid- to late 1800s.	it is an white building done in the greek revival style that was popular in new england during the mid- to late 1800s.
adi da samraj (born franklin albert jones, november 3, 1939 in jamaica, new york) is a unconventional spiritual teacher and religious guru and the founder of the new religious movement known as adidam.	adi da samraj (born franklin albert jones, november 3, 1939 in jamaica, new york) is a controversial spiritual teacher and religious guru and the founder of the new religious movement known as adidam.
"when they share their spotlight dance, the t-birds (minus kenickie) run in front of the camera and moon the crowd and the millions watching as ""blue moon"" is playing."	"when they share their spotlight dance, the t-birds (minus kenickie) run in front of the camera and moon the crowd and the television audience watching as ""blue moon"" is playing."
the council of conservative citizens (abbreviated ccc or cofcc) is a racist american paleoconservative political organization that supports european, southern, and caucasian heritage and opposes multiculturalism.	the council of conservative citizens (abbreviated ccc or cofcc) is a american paleoconservative political organization that supports european, southern, and caucasian heritage and opposes multiculturalism.
although the band's recent albums have polarised listeners, radiohead have often been praised as among the best musical groups of their era,	although the band's recent albums have polarised listeners, radiohead have often been praised as among the most creative musical groups of their era,
roy spent 12 seasons with queens until he broke his leg in a match v dunfermline, bringing his illustrious career to an end.	roy spent 12 seasons with queens until he broke his leg in a match v dunfermline, bringing his career to an end.
the church encourages humor, comedy, parody, and satire to a point far exceeding that of most other religious faiths.	the church encourages humor, comedy, parody, and satire to a point far exceeding that of most religious faiths.
notable songs (as songwriter)	selected songs (as songwriter)
the album suffered mostly negative critical reception as well.	the album received mostly negative critical reception as well.
he resigned from the cabinet in april 2005 to protest plans to withdraw israeli settlements from the occupied gaza strip .	he resigned from the cabinet in april 2005 to protest plans to withdraw israeli settlements from the gaza strip.
200002: williams sisters domination	200002: williams sisters success
stainless gamelan, along with the other albums in the trilogy, showcase cale during his tenure with the minimalist group theatre of eternal music.	stainless gamelan, along with the other albums in the trilogy, involve cale during his tenure with the minimalist group theatre of eternal music.
gordon harold smith (born may 25, 1952) is a handsome united states senator from oregon.	gordon harold smith (born may 25, 1952) is a united states senator from oregon.
members millard lampell, lee hays, pete seeger, and woody guthrie began playing together informally after seeger and hays had been playing at left-wing political functions for a time.	members millard lampell, lee hays, pete seeger, and woody guthrie began playing together informally after seeger and hays had been playing at leftist political functions for a time.
in 2008, traiger and hinckley, a law firm that counsels financial institutions on cra compliance, conducted a study of loans made by institutions covered under the cra.	in 2008, traiger and hinckley, a law firm that counsels financial services entities on cra compliance, conducted a study of loans made by institutions covered under the cra.
ally mcbeal is an award-winning american television series which ran on the fox network from 1997 to 2002. the series was created by david e. kelley, who also served as the executive producer, along with bill d'elia.	ally mcbeal is an american television series which ran on the fox network from 1997 to 2002. the series was created by david e. kelley, who also served as the executive producer, along with bill d'elia.
"as norman gunston, mcdonald also had a surprisingly successful recording career, releasing a string of satirical novelty pop records that anticipated the pop parodies of ""weird al"" yankovic."	"as norman gunston, mcdonald also had a successful recording career, releasing a string of satirical novelty pop records that anticipated the pop parodies of ""weird al"" yankovic."
almost as soon as german troops occupied the sudetenland in october 1938, edvard bene and later the czechoslovak government-in-exile pursued a twofold policy: the restoration of czechoslovakia to its pre-munich boundaries and the removal, through a combination of minor border rectifications and population transfer, of the states disloyal german minority to restore the territorial integrity of state.	almost as soon as german troops occupied the sudetenland in october 1938, edvard bene and later the czechoslovak government-in-exile pursued a twofold policy: the restoration of czechoslovakia to its pre-munich boundaries and the removal, through a combination of minor border rectifications and population transfer, of the states german minority to restore the territorial integrity of state.
however, there is a great deal of diversity of opinion among its constituent congregations, and, thus, the elca has been subject to a number of feuds over social and doctrinal issues.	however, there is a great deal of diversity of opinion among its constituent congregations, and, thus, the elca has been subject to a number of disputes over social and doctrinal issues.
iraq oil reserve maps were used by vice president dick cheney and a group of oil industry insiders to formulate u.s. energy policy in 2000 .	iraq oil reserve maps were used by vice president dick cheney and a group of oil industry insiders to formulate u.s. energy policy in early 2001 .
often considered the best player in the world and regarded by some as the greatest of all time, ronaldo has a record-tying five ballon d'or awards, the most for a european player, and is the first player to win four european golden shoes.	often considered the best player in the world and regarded by many as the greatest of all time, ronaldo has a record-tying five ballon d'or awards, the most for a european player, and is the first player to win four european golden shoes.
"as the custodians and modern exponents of the 1200-year old teaching of inner wisdom and harmonious conscious development often referred to as ""the tradition"", the shah family has intentionally impacted western thought by collecting, preserving, and presenting this valuable and timeless material."	"as the custodians and modern exponents of the 1200-year old teaching of inner wisdom and harmonious conscious development often referred to as ""the tradition"", the shah family claims to have intentionally impacted western thought by collecting, preserving, and presenting this valuable and timeless material."
the jamil hussein controversy was an instance where bloggers wrongly disputed the fact checking of the mainstream media.	the jamil hussein controversy was an instance where bloggers disputed the fact checking of the mainstream media.
his family left him to rest on a bench while they attended another of universal's safe attractions.	his family left him to rest on a bench while they attended another of universal's attractions.
if the winner doesn't get a majority of the electoral vote, the election is thrown into the house of representatives where his rival may very well be chosen.	if the winner doesn't get a majority of the electoral vote, the election is thrown into the house of representatives where the candidate's rival may very well be chosen.
milan reclaimed the trophy in 1994, convincingly beating a star-studded barcelona side, 40, in what many have hailed as one of the finest european cup final performances of the modern age.	milan reclaimed the trophy in 1994, beating a star-studded barcelona side, 40, in what many have hailed as one of the finest european cup final performances of the modern age.
cissa is the name of a probably mythical king of sussex.	cissa is the name of a (possibly) mythical king of sussex.
brunswick is located on the lovely shores of casco bay and the androscoggin river, 12 miles (19 km) north of freeport, maine, 28 miles north of portland, maine, and 131 miles (211 km) north of boston, massachusetts.	brunswick is located on the shores of casco bay and the androscoggin river, 12 miles (19 km) north of freeport, maine, 28 miles north of portland, maine, and 131 miles (211 km) north of boston, massachusetts.
via a steep spiral staircase of 285 steps, the physically fit may, for a small fee, climb almost to the top of the column, to just under the statue and take-in the spectacular views over the tiergarten including the soviet war memorial, 1946, in line with the nazi proposed north-south triumphal way by speer and hitler.	via a steep spiral staircase of 285 steps, the physically fit may, for a fee, climb almost to the top of the column, to just under the statue and take-in the spectacular views over the tiergarten including the soviet war memorial, 1946, in line with the nazi proposed north-south triumphal way by speer and hitler.
"while still a student at wheaton college, graham was ordained a southern baptist minister in 1939 and served briefly as pastor of the village church in western springs, illinois, not far from wheaton, in 1943-44. while there, a friend of graham's, torrey johnson, pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago, told graham that his radio program ""songs in the night"" was about to be cancelled for lack of funding."	"while a student at wheaton college, graham was ordained a southern baptist minister in 1939 and served briefly as pastor of the village church in western springs, illinois, not far from wheaton, in 1943-44. while there, a friend of graham's, torrey johnson, pastor of the midwest bible church in chicago, told graham that his radio program ""songs in the night"" was about to be cancelled for lack of funding."
murder of general robert de winton	killing of general robert de winton
roma democratic social party (romsk demokratick sociln strana , rdss) is tiny czech political party founded on 22 march 2005 and led by miroslav tancoš.	roma democratic social party (romsk demokratick sociln strana , rdss) is a small czech political party founded on 22 march 2005 and led by miroslav tancoš.
unlike openssl, which endured post-validation hardships from closed-sourced, for-profit adversaries , crypto++ has received three federal information processing standard (fips) 140-2 level 1 module validations with no post-validation issues.	unlike openssl, which endured post-validation hardships from closed-sourced, for-profit factions , crypto++ has received three federal information processing standard (fips) 140-2 level 1 module validations with no post-validation issues.
in ostrobothnia, leipjuusto is called juustoleip; however, this varies as people have moved around, and both names are used while leipjuusto is the more commonly known name for this fine cheese.	in ostrobothnia, leipjuusto is called juustoleip; however, this varies as people have moved around, and both names are used while leipjuusto is the more commonly known name for this cheese.
it is located along the beautiful g.t road made by sher shah suri.	it is located along the g.t road made by sher shah suri.
parmenion (also parmenio) (; c. 400 – ecbatana, 330 bc) was a macedonian general in the service of philip ii of macedon and alexander the great, murdered on a suspected false charge of treason.	parmenion (also parmenio) (; c. 400 – ecbatana, 330 bc) was a macedonian general in the service of philip ii of macedon and alexander the great, assassinated on a suspected false charge of treason.
it was commonly suggested that the choice of release date, right in the middle of the release of other stellar ubi soft titles such as splinter cell and prince of persia, was rather unfortunate.	it was commonly suggested that the choice of release date, right in the middle of the release of other more popular ubi soft titles such as splinter cell and prince of persia, was rather unfortunate.
victoria, also known as vitruvia, was a leader in the so-called gallic empire in the late 3rd century.	victoria, also known as vitruvia, was a leader in the roman breakaway realm gallic empire in the late 3rd century.
his son, al smith, jr.. actually endorsed republican richard nixon in 1960.	his son, al smith, jr.. endorsed republican richard nixon in 1960.
"8 9while having a stutterer in the family does not automatically create a stutterer, it has been proven to create ""stuttering potential"" or a ""stuttering predisposition."""	"8 9while having a stutterer in the family does not automatically create a stutterer, it has been shown to create ""stuttering potential"" or a ""stuttering predisposition."""
"yet, like beethoven's choral fantasy, another popular hit of its day that has lost some of its luster recently, ""wellington's victory"" is a hidden gem and a welcome listen for those who think they've heard all that beethoven has to offer."	"yet, like beethoven's choral fantasy, another popular hit of its day that has lost some of its luster recently, ""wellington's victory"" may be a hidden gem and a welcome listen for those who think they've heard all that beethoven has to offer."
the reverend jeremiah wright sermon controversy erupted in march 2008. wright is a 67 year old former marine, pastor of trinity united church of christ, and spritual mentor to democratic candidate for president of the united states barack obama.	the reverend jeremiah wright sermon controversy occured in march 2008. wright is a 67 year old former marine, pastor of trinity united church of christ, and spritual mentor to democratic candidate for president of the united states barack obama.
it also does not cover the g4 powerbook 1.5 ghz model if its serial number does not fall into the narrow range of serial numbers that apple has approved for repairs.	it also does not cover the g4 powerbook 1.5 ghz model if its serial number does not fall into the range of serial numbers that apple has approved for repairs.
as the fourth question of the interview, wallace asked clinton a charged question about the steps his administration had taken to eliminate the threats from osama bin laden.	as the fourth question of the interview, wallace asked clinton a question about the steps his administration had taken to eliminate the threats from osama bin laden.
in northern ireland, members of the royal ulster constabulary and british army, have been involved in the deaths of irish republican terrorists at the hands of different loyalist paramilitary groups.	in northern ireland, members of the royal ulster constabulary and british army, have been involved in the deaths of irish republican militants at the hands of different loyalist paramilitary groups.
mouthwatering curry chicken skewer served with eggplant relish and tomato chutney vinaigrette	curry chicken skewer served with eggplant relish and tomato chutney vinaigrette
this work was written in 1923, for paul wittgenstein, but he did not understand it and refused to play it.	this work was written in 1923, for paul wittgenstein, but he did not like it and refused to play it.
"according to thomas j. johnson, professor of journalism at southern illinois university, secretary of state henry kissinger boldly predicted during nixon's final days that history would remember nixon as a great president and that watergate would be relegated to a ""minor footnote."""	"according to thomas j. johnson, professor of journalism at southern illinois university, secretary of state henry kissinger predicted during nixon's final days that history would remember nixon as a great president and that watergate would be relegated to a ""minor footnote."""
ruth hubbard is best known for her courageous challenges to colleagues who promote sociobiology.	ruth hubbard is best known for her challenges to colleagues who promote sociobiology.
the payments are hopelessly overdue, and farmers are being taxed on money they haven't received and incurring interest costs and emergency loan charges.	the payments are overdue, and farmers are being taxed on money they haven't received and incurring interest costs and emergency loan charges.
the basis of orch-or has been harshly criticized from its inception by mathematicians, philosophers, and scientists, forcing the authors to revise and elaborate many of the peripheral assumptions of the theory, but the core ideas have remained the same.	the basis of orch-or has been harshly criticized from its inception by mathematicians, philosophers, and scientists, prompting the authors to revise and elaborate many of the peripheral assumptions of the theory, but the core ideas have remained the same.
campbell was an unsuccessful democratic gubernatorial candidate in the 2007 jungle primary.	campbell was an unsuccessful democratic gubernatorial candidate in the 2007 nonpartisan blanket primary .
the album was a hip hop masterpiece that went on to have an enormous impact on the evolution of gangsta rap.	the album was a hip hop groundbreaker that went on to have an enormous impact on the evolution of gangsta rap.
the acclaim surrounding bourdain's racy memoir, kitchen confidential, led to an offer by the food network to host his own food and world-travel show, a cook's tour, which premiered in january 2002. in july 2005, he premiered a new, somewhat similar television series, anthony bourdain: no reservations, on the travel channel.	the acclaim surrounding bourdain's memoir, kitchen confidential, led to an offer by the food network to host his own food and world-travel show, a cook's tour, which premiered in january 2002. in july 2005, he premiered a new, somewhat similar television series, anthony bourdain: no reservations, on the travel channel.
"vincent paul young, jr., commonly vince young or ""vy"", (born may 18, 1983 in houston, texas) is a dual-threat national football league quarterback for the tennessee titans (2006 nfl 3rd overall draft pick) who played for the university of texas longhorns."	"vincent paul young, jr., commonly vince young or ""vy"", (born may 18, 1983 in houston, texas) is a national football league quarterback for the tennessee titans (2006 nfl 3rd overall draft pick) who played for the university of texas longhorns."
garrison's estate subsequently sued warner bros. for their share of the film's profits, alleging hollywood accounting.	garrison's estate subsequently sued warner bros. for a share of the film's profits, alleging hollywood accounting.
he favoured electoral reforms in which a constituency-based system would replace the chaotic proportional representation method.	he favoured electoral reforms in which a constituency-based system would replace what he saw as a chaotic proportional representation method.
cabrini envisioned digging for a spring that would provide enough water for the fledgling orphanage; miraculously , the spring, found just up the hill to the west of the main road, provides water to the campus to this day.	cabrini envisioned digging for a spring that would provide enough water for the fledgling orphanage; surprisingly , the spring, found just up the hill to the west of the main road, provides water to the campus to this day.
the major political figure in toulouse is dominique baudis, the charismatic mayor of toulouse between 1983 and 2001, member of center-right udf.	the major political figure in toulouse is dominique baudis, the mayor of toulouse between 1983 and 2001, member of center-right udf.
beginning his career at asec mimosas, tour moved to arsenal in 2002, where he made 326 appearances for the club and was a member of the famous 0304 'invincibles' side.	beginning his career at asec mimosas, tour moved to arsenal in 2002, where he made 326 appearances for the club and was a member of the 0304 'invincibles' side.
anu alumni are especially visible in government.	anu alumni are often visible in government.
however, these challenges aside, shanghai's glamorous skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of china's recent economic development.	however, these challenges aside, shanghai's skyscrapers and modern lifestyle mark the pinnacle of china's recent economic development.
her ethnicity has also been a divisive issue as observers cheer her pioneering position of power, but also blame her for failing to address administration policies that are overwhelmingly rejected by african american voters.	her ethnicity has also been a divisive issue as observers cheer her pioneering position of power, but also blame her for failing to address administration policies that are rejected by african american voters.
chris, his wife nancy, and their 7-year-old son daniel were found dead in their fayetteville, georgia home on june 25 2007. authorities believe that benoit killed his wife and son, and subsequently hanged himself.	chris, his wife nancy, and their 7-year-old son daniel were found dead in their fayetteville, georgia home on june 25 2007. authorities have confirmed that benoit killed his wife and son, and subsequently hanged himself.
seattle, on the other hand, was plagued by costly penalties, dropped balls, poor clock management, and a game-ending interception on a drive deep into pittsburgh territory.	seattle, on the other hand, was plagued by controversial penalties, dropped balls, poor clock management, and a game-ending interception on a drive deep into pittsburgh territory.
the syrian observatory for human rights claims that at least 51 people have been killed in the syrian city of aleppo.	the syrian observatory for human rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the syrian city of aleppo.
concerned, labouchere presented his infamous amendment towards the end of the criminal law amendment bill as it passed from bill to law.	concerned, labouchere presented his amendment towards the end of the criminal law amendment bill as it passed from bill to law.
manuel noriega, in america's prisoner, confirms that these negotiations had evoked an extremely unfavorable response from american circles.	manuel noriega, in america's prisoner, claims that these negotiations had evoked an extremely unfavorable response from american circles.
this was due to the fact that both nations suffered from islamic terrorism and shared several common interests.	this was due to the fact that both nations suffered from terrorism and shared several common interests.
"murdered by the ira and dumped by the roadside in south armagh after being accused of being ""informers""."	"killed by the ira and dumped by the roadside in south armagh after being accused of being ""informers""."
fanny brice, actress and comedienne (relocated to westwood village memorial park cemetery)	fanny brice, actress and comedian (relocated to westwood village memorial park cemetery)
when he could raise no more loans, he sold the egyptian and sudanese shares in the suez canal company in 1875 to the british government for only 3,976,582; this was immediately followed by the beginning of direct intervention by the great powers in egypt and sudan.	when he could raise no more loans, he sold the egyptian and sudanese shares in the suez canal company in 1875 to the british government for 3,976,582; this was immediately followed by the beginning of direct intervention by the great powers in egypt and sudan.
"a spokesman for bedfordshire police said that none of the men were arrested and that the terrorism act allows the police to ""stop and examine people if something happens that might be suspicious""."	"a spokesperson for bedfordshire police said that none of the men were arrested and that the terrorism act allows the police to ""stop and examine people if something happens that might be suspicious""."
in 2009, she founded negotiation is over (nio) which advocated diverse tactics including intimidation and violence while publishing personal information about animal abusers .	in 2009, she founded negotiation is over (nio) which advocated diverse tactics including intimidation and violence while publishing personal information about animal researcher and others .
"in response to israel's release of palestinian terrorists in 2013, bennett said palestinian ""terrorists"" should be shot and is quoted to have said i already killed lots of arabs in my life, and there is absolutely no problem with that."	"in response to israel's release of palestinian prisoners in 2013, bennett said palestinian ""terrorists"" should be shot and is quoted to have said i already killed lots of arabs in my life, and there is absolutely no problem with that."
file:sri lanka southern province aerial view.jpg|an attractive view of one of the provinces	file:sri lanka southern province aerial view.jpg|an aerial view of one of the provinces
opposition to eurostars dartford international proposal came from gravesham borough council, whose administrative centre (gravesend), is just away, southfleet parish council and swanscombe and greenhithe town council, ironically both in the borough of dartford.	opposition to eurostars dartford international proposal came from gravesham borough council, whose administrative centre (gravesend), is just away, southfleet parish council and swanscombe and greenhithe town council, both in the borough of dartford.
the photo on the cover is the famous photograph two gypsies by andr kertsz.	the photo on the cover is the photograph two gypsies by andr kertsz.
this group battled bravely against a backdrop of punk rock, supported j.j. burnel , and was signed to arista records in 1979. various producers were used including steve james and john cale although they recorded the first album with tonto's expanding head band and stevie wonder producer malcolm cecil.	this group battled against a backdrop of punk rock, supported j.j. burnel , and was signed to arista records in 1979. various producers were used including steve james and john cale although they recorded the first album with tonto's expanding head band and stevie wonder producer malcolm cecil.
the joe bauman trophy was christened in 2004. it is presented by musco lighting at the baseball winter meetings each december.	the joe bauman trophy was inaugurated in 2004. it is presented by musco lighting at the baseball winter meetings each december.
a year later, the wonderful production was also shown, still with plcido domingo, on tour at the dorothy chandler pavilion in los angeles.	a year later, the production was also shown, still with plcido domingo, on tour at the dorothy chandler pavilion in los angeles.
in 1983, the color purple won the prestigious pulitzer prize for fiction, making walker the first african-american woman to win, as well as the national book award.	in 1983, the color purple won the pulitzer prize for fiction, making walker the first african-american woman to win, as well as the national book award.
she has been deeply involved in food in education.	she has been involved in food in education.
the groundbreaking for the future site of cbhs occurred in early 2001, and construction was finished by late 2002. the school offers a broad range of academic pursuits including advanced placement (ap) courses, honors courses, and an impressive array of academic and extracurricular student clubs and organizations.	the groundbreaking for the future site of cbhs occurred in early 2001, and construction was finished by late 2002. the school offers a broad range of academic pursuits including advanced placement (ap) courses, honors courses, and an array of academic and extracurricular student clubs and organizations.
category:swedes of kosovar descent	category:swedes of kosovo albanian descent
the so-called know-nothing movement was a nativist american political movement of the 1850s.	the know-nothing movement was a nativist american political movement of the 1850s.
the florida gators are terrible the intercollegiate sports teams that represent the university of florida located in gainesville, florida.	the florida gators are the intercollegiate sports teams that represent the university of florida located in gainesville, florida.
"when a bbc reporter suggested that overly draconian laws would stifle the people's creativity, lee kuan yew wittily retorted: ""if you can't think because you can't chew, try a banana."""	"when a bbc reporter suggested that overly draconian laws would stifle the people's creativity, lee kuan yew retorted: ""if you can't think because you can't chew, try a banana."""
polito has claimed that the relationship has and is non existent, but photos circulating around the internet have disproved that claim.	polito has claimed that the relationship has and is non existent, but photos circulating around the internet have disputed that claim.
the jaguar e-type (uk) or xk-e (us) is a british automobile legend , manufactured by jaguar between 1961 and 1975. it is a combination of good looks, high performance, and competitive pricing, as at the period a ferrari cost three times more and supplied less horse power, this established the marque as an icon of 1960s motoring.	the jaguar e-type (uk) or xk-e (us) is a british automobile, manufactured by jaguar between 1961 and 1975. it is a combination of good looks, high performance, and competitive pricing, as at the period a ferrari cost three times more and supplied less horse power, this established the marque as an icon of 1960s motoring.
british-born singer-dancer- comedienne carol raye (1964-1965, 1967, 1968), who devised the show, produced the pilot episode and co-produced the early episodes with michael plant	british-born singer-dancer- comedian carol raye (1964-1965, 1967, 1968), who devised the show, produced the pilot episode and co-produced the early episodes with michael plant
super meat boy was released on the xbox 360 through xbox live arcade in october 2010, on windows pcs in november 2010, on mac osx a year later in november 2011, and on linux in december 2011 as a part of the humble indie bundle #4. players control meat boy, a red, cube-shaped character, as he attempts to rescue his girlfriend, bandage girl, from the villainous dr. fetus.	super meat boy was released on the xbox 360 through xbox live arcade in october 2010, on windows pcs in november 2010, on mac osx a year later in november 2011, and on linux in december 2011 as a part of the humble indie bundle #4. players control meat boy, a red, cube-shaped character, as he attempts to rescue his girlfriend, bandage girl, from the game's antagonist dr. fetus.
33 is a clever reference to the total time of the record in minutes, as well as to the rpm at which a full-length vinyl record spins.	33 is a reference to the total time of the record in minutes, as well as to the rpm at which a full-length vinyl record spins.
on january 8, 2006, wwe announced that mcmahon and levesque were expecting their first child, due on july 27, 2006. mcmahon continued to work and travel with wwe throughout her pregnancy, giving birth to an 8 lb, 7 oz (3.8 kg) girl, aurora rose levesque, on july 24, 2006. the couple had their second child, a daughter named murphy claire levesque, on july 28, 2008, and welcomed their third daughter, vaughn evelyn levesque, on august 24, 2010.	on january 8, 2006, wwe announced that mcmahon and levesque were expecting their first child, due on july 27, 2006. mcmahon continued to work and travel with wwe throughout her pregnancy, giving birth to an 8 lb, 7 oz (3.8 kg) girl, aurora rose levesque, on july 24, 2006. the couple had their second child, a daughter named murphy claire levesque, on july 28, 2008, and their third daughter, vaughn evelyn levesque, on august 24, 2010.
arrest of hamas government members	capture of hamas government members
wright marion morris (january 6, 1910 april 25, 1998) was an award-winning american novelist, photographer, and essayist.	wright marion morris (january 6, 1910 april 25, 1998) was an american novelist, photographer, and essayist.
free gnu tools started to acquire a good reputation and were often adopted in preference to inferior proprietary tools provided by system vendors.	free gnu tools started to acquire a good reputation and were often adopted in preference to proprietary tools provided by system vendors.
osama bin laden (أسامة بن لادن) (born july 30?, 1957), full name sheikh usamah bin-muhammad bin-awad bin-ladin, is a wealthy saudi arabian-born islamist leader, and head of the militant al-qaeda organization.	osama bin laden (أسامة بن لادن) (born july 30?, 1957), full name sheikh usamah bin-muhammad bin-awad bin-ladin, is a wealthy saudi arabian-born islamist leader, and head of the al-qaeda organization.
unfortunately vessels were not equipped with tow time data loggers, so there was no practical method to enforce these time limits.	however, vessels were not equipped with tow time data loggers, so there was no practical method to enforce these time limits.
"in the episode ""sanctuary part 2"" of the x-men animated series, saul and gideon are seen watching fabian cortez announce his dastardly scheme to the earth."	"in the episode ""sanctuary part 2"" of the x-men animated series, saul and gideon are seen watching fabian cortez announce his scheme to the earth."
eligowski's forces liberated vilnius, but further advances were stopped by the lithuanian troops.	eligowski's forces captured vilnius, but further advances were stopped by the lithuanian troops.
gloriavale christian community is a small christian cult based at haupiri on the west coast of the south island in new zealand.	gloriavale christian community is a small christian group based at haupiri on the west coast of the south island in new zealand.
glazer summarised the criticism this version got around 1960: childers studied radio broadcast transcripts from the relevant time period and found that not only were there no orders to evacuate, but in fact the populace was continually urged to remain.	glazer summarised the criticism the israeli version got around 1960: childers studied radio broadcast transcripts from the relevant time period and found that not only were there no orders to evacuate, but in fact the populace was continually urged to remain.
combined, the two high-def disc formats accounted for only 2.5 % of overall disc sales during the first half of 2007. and although blu-ray has sold more discs, the hd dvd group claims that the attach rate (the number of movies bought per player) is higher for hd dvd than for blu-ray.	combined, the two high-def disc formats accounted for only 2.5 % of overall disc sales during the first half of 2007. and although blu-ray has sold more discs, the hd dvd group reports that the attach rate (the number of movies bought per player) is higher for hd dvd than for blu-ray.
additionally, cornellians are noted for their many accomplishments in a variety of fields.	additionally, cornellians are noted for their accomplishments in a variety of fields.
the idea now has vanishingly few proponents, and the terms flat earther and flat earthism are sometimes used colloquially to describe them .	the idea now has vanishingly few proponents, and the terms flat earther and flat earthism are sometimes used colloquially to describe those who cling to discredited ideas .
the next mention of him has him arriving in kyoto at the age of 20 (or 21), where he famously began a series of duels against the yoshioka school.	the next mention of him has him arriving in kyoto at the age of 20 (or 21), where he began a series of duels against the yoshioka school.
dried marijuana leaves were found with a 2,800 year old mummy of a shaman in xingjian, china, thought to be from the tang dynasty.	dried herbal cannabis leaves were found with a 2,800 year old mummy of a shaman in xingjian, china, thought to be from the tang dynasty.
bradford city continues to support the internationally-renowned burns unit at bradford royal infirmary as its official charity.	bradford city continues to support the burns unit at bradford royal infirmary as its official charity.
his father jeremy greenwood is also a respected part-time historian, lecturer and researcher who has written a number of books, often on arcane subjects, including fuller's earth in surrey 1500-1900: an economic history (1983), the new forest and the navy: timber supplies to portsmouth dockyard, 1660-1790 (2004), the posts of sussex - the chichester branch, 1250-1840 (1973), and essays towards a history of reigate (1988), a work which formed the basis of jeremy greenwood's doctoral thesis.	his father jeremy greenwood is also a part-time historian, lecturer and researcher who has written a number of books, often on arcane subjects, including fuller's earth in surrey 1500-1900: an economic history (1983), the new forest and the navy: timber supplies to portsmouth dockyard, 1660-1790 (2004), the posts of sussex - the chichester branch, 1250-1840 (1973), and essays towards a history of reigate (1988), a work which formed the basis of jeremy greenwood's doctoral thesis.
between 2004 and 2012 the club enjoyed a fantastic run of success, finishing either first or second in each of those seasons, winning the league on five occasions.	between 2004 and 2012 the club enjoyed a consistent run of success, finishing either first or second in each of those seasons, winning the league on five occasions.
however, anti-stratfordians claim that several elizabethan works hint that shakespeares works were written by someone else, and diana price speculates that an authorship debate existed in elizabethan times, arguing that all literary allusions about shakespeare are to be read as veiled references to that debate, which otherwise was never explicitly stated.	however, anti-stratfordians claim that several elizabethan works hint that shakespeares works were written by someone else, and diana price speculates that an authorship debate existed in elizabethan times, stating that all literary allusions about shakespeare are to be read as veiled references to that debate, which otherwise was never explicitly stated.
the afa has boycotted multiple u.s. companies for various reasons, most often relating to christmas controversies, pornography, support of pro- choice activism, support of violence in entertainment, and support of lgbt activism, including same-sex partner employee benefits.	the afa has boycotted multiple u.s. companies for various reasons, most often relating to christmas controversies, pornography, support of pro- abortion activism, support of violence in entertainment, and support of lgbt activism, including same-sex partner employee benefits.
in 1996-97, the club had a fantastic run to the first round proper of the fa cup, where they were drawn at home to notts county.	in 1996-97, the club had a run to the first round proper of the fa cup, where they were drawn at home to notts county.
however, according to the panel , a fairtax at this rate could only offset income taxes - all payroll, estate and gift taxes would still remain.	however, according to the treasury department , a fairtax at this rate could only offset income taxes - all payroll, estate and gift taxes would still remain.
in 2005, nyu law entered into an agreement with the reputable osgoode hall law school of york university, in toronto, canada, that will allow select students to obtain a joint-bachelor of laws (ll.b.)	in 2005, nyu law entered into an agreement with the osgoode hall law school of york university, in toronto, canada, that will allow select students to obtain a joint-bachelor of laws (ll.b.)
the phrase was famously featured in the opening credits to the 1960s british television series the prisoner.	the phrase was featured in the opening credits to the 1960s british television series the prisoner.
"the film is frequently referred to as ""the one with the whales"" by hardcore star trek fans."	"the film is frequently referred to as ""the one with the whales"" by star trek fans."
in 1977, zndel founded a small press publishing house called samisdat publishers which issued such pamphlets as the hitler we loved and why and did six million really die?, both prominent documents of the so-called holocaust revisionism movement.	in 1977, zndel founded a small press publishing house called samisdat publishers which issued such pamphlets as the hitler we loved and why and did six million really die?, both prominent documents of the holocaust revisionism movement.
phyllis diller entertainer, comedienne and film, television, and stage actress, of part german descent	phyllis diller entertainer, comedian and film, television, and stage actress, of part german descent
this article provides an excellent overview of the cg(x) program as of september 2008.	this article provides an overview of the cg(x) program as of september 2008.
provin mountain is used for hiking, mountain biking, cross country skiing, hunting, and snowshoeing; many cliffs provide excellent views of the rural countryside to the west and the urban landscape of metropolitan springfield, massachusetts to the east.	provin mountain is used for hiking, mountain biking, cross country skiing, hunting, and snowshoeing; many cliffs provide sweeping views of the rural countryside to the west and the urban landscape of metropolitan springfield, massachusetts to the east.
in 913 and 944 the varangians plundered the arabs in the caspian sea and laid siege to the capital of albania (modern-day azerbaijan).	in 913 and 944 the rus plundered the arabs in the caspian sea and laid siege to the capital of albania (modern-day azerbaijan).
in 2010 an exhaustive analysis of historical records revealed that the porphyria claim was based on spurious and selective interpretation of contemporary medical and historical sources.	in 2010 an exhaustive analysis of historical records concluded that the porphyria claim was based on spurious and selective interpretation of contemporary medical and historical sources.
it was the final film of the comedienne marshall, who had made her screen debut in 1938.	it was the final film of the comedian marshall, who had made her screen debut in 1938.
the drudge report attained notoriety when it was the first to report what came to be known as the lewinsky scandal.	the drudge report attained prominence when it was the first to report what came to be known as the lewinsky scandal.
nationalists have criticized the company about flipping upside-down the original values of the company after the deaths of walt disney and roy disney.	many have criticized the company about flipping upside-down the original values of the company after the deaths of walt disney and roy disney.
michael e. mann (born 1965) is an american physicist and climatologist, currently director of the earth system science center at pennsylvania state university, who has made significant contributions to the understanding of climate change over the last two thousand years.	michael e. mann (born 1965) is an american physicist and climatologist, currently director of the earth system science center at pennsylvania state university, who has made contributions to the understanding of climate change over the last two thousand years.
a large number of tourists arrive in the evening to enjoy the breathtaking view of the fountains.	a large number of tourists arrive in the evening to enjoy the scenic view of the fountains.
in contrast to the first theory aforementioned, this newer theory lacks convincing evidence.	in contrast to the first theory aforementioned, this newer theory lacks clear supporting evidence.
other club oasis regulars were comedienne joyce jameson and midget comedian billy barty.	other club oasis regulars were comedian joyce jameson and midget comedian billy barty.
during world war i kavala suffered from the bulgarian military occupation with many victims among its minority greek population.	during world war i kavala suffered from the bulgarian military occupation with many victims among its greek population.
mcleod's daughters have had many different songs for there closing credits which are written by posie graeme-evans & chris harriot and performed by wonderful singer rebecca lavelle who also had a guest role in series 6 as bindi martin	mcleod's daughters have had many different songs for there closing credits which are written by posie graeme-evans & chris harriot and performed by singer rebecca lavelle who also had a guest role in series 6 as bindi martin
locke emphasizes , in contrast to hobbes, that man is naturally good, and is not solely driven by greed and evil.	locke believed , in contrast to hobbes, that man is naturally good, and is not solely driven by greed and evil.
these ethnic tensions had been suppressed under the strong leadership of houphout-boigny, but surfaced after his passing .	these ethnic tensions had been suppressed under the strong leadership of houphout-boigny, but surfaced after his death .
recently, stephanopoulos became a subject of public criticism after serving as co-moderator, with charles gibson, of the 21st democratic primary debate of the 2008 election cycle, broadcast live on wednesday, april 16, 2008, by abc news from philadelphia, pennsylvania.	recently, stephanopoulos became a subject of public controversy after serving as co-moderator, with charles gibson, of the 21st democratic primary debate of the 2008 election cycle, broadcast live on wednesday, april 16, 2008, by abc news from philadelphia, pennsylvania.
the goths, a germanic people, with their urheimat in gtaland (scandinavia) are sometimes conflated with the getae, especially by roman authors during the middle of the mid-to-late 1st millennium.	the goths, a germanic people, with their urheimat in gtaland (scandinavia) are sometimes equated with the getae, especially by roman authors during the middle of the mid-to-late 1st millennium.
the college also has a strong establishment with fellow elite schools korowa anglican girls' school and st. catherine's school.	the college also has a strong establishment with fellow independent schools korowa anglican girls' school and st. catherine's school.
according to the official site, a video for one man army was scheduled to be filmed at the end of august 2001. however due to a lack of support from roadrunner records, the video was unfortunately never made.	according to the official site, a video for one man army was scheduled to be filmed at the end of august 2001. however due to a lack of support from roadrunner records, the video was never made.
wasilla librarian mary ellen emmons strongly objected to remarks by palin that emmons characterized as being about censorship.	wasilla librarian mary ellen emmons objected to remarks by palin that emmons characterized as being about censorship.
the story attracted significant local press attention and local incumbent mp lilian greenwood officially opened the building in september 2010. the church has since based its sunday gatherings, staff team and some of its community action projects there.	the story attracted local press attention and local incumbent mp lilian greenwood officially opened the building in september 2010. the church has since based its sunday gatherings, staff team and some of its community action projects there.
released in november 2003, the song was a great success in france, belgium and switzerland, remaining to date one of the most successful single of both singers in terms of chartings.	released in november 2003, the song was a success in france, belgium and switzerland, remaining to date one of the most successful single of both singers in terms of chartings.
bush began his unsuccessful oil industry career in 1979 when he established arbusto energy, an oil and gas exploration company he financed with his education trust fund surplus and money from other investors.	bush began his oil industry career in 1979 when he established arbusto energy, an oil and gas exploration company he financed with his education trust fund surplus and money from other investors.
earlier in his career, he developed foundational logic simulation and place-and-route technologies that continue to have far-reaching influence.	earlier in his career, he developed foundational logic simulation and place-and-route technologies that continue to have significant influence.
snow was defeated by a deceptive negative direct-mail campaign, funded by multi-millionaire art pope, as part of a national republican strategy designed to give republicans control of state legislatures nationwide.	snow was defeated by a deceptive negative direct-mail campaign, funded by businessman art pope, as part of a national republican strategy designed to give republicans control of state legislatures nationwide.
in christian doctrine, christ's disciple judas iscariot is infamous for having, according to the new testament, taken a bribe of thirty pieces of silver from religious leaders in jerusalem to turn jesus christ over to the romans.	in christian doctrine, christ's disciple judas iscariot is infamous for having, according to the new testament, taken a bribe of thirty pieces of silver from religious leaders in jerusalem to turn jesus of nazareth over to the romans.
cracovias absence from the league unfortunately lasted only one season.	cracovias absence from the league lasted only one season.
later that day, also on march 9th, the daily shows jon stewart jokingly responded with an apology for taking cramer's comments out of context.	later that day, also on march 9th, the daily shows jon stewart responded with an apology for taking cramer's comments out of context.
abortion, in its most common usage, generally refers to the use of surgical procedures or drugs to destroy a living human fetus or embryo, thereby terminating the pregnancy.	abortion, in its most common usage, generally refers to the use of surgical procedures or drugs to destroy a human fetus or embryo, thereby terminating the pregnancy.
under this program, the role of the communist party in governing the state was removed from the constitution, which inadvertently led to crisis-level political instability with a surge of regional nationalist and anti-communist demagoguery culminating in the dissolution of the soviet union.	under this program, the role of the communist party in governing the state was removed from the constitution, which inadvertently led to crisis-level political instability with a surge of regional nationalist and anti-communist activism culminating in the dissolution of the soviet union.
"mega man wonders why his ""brother"" is doing this, but with little choice left except to save the good doctor, he sets out to stop the madness before it gets out of hand."	"mega man wonders why his ""brother"" is doing this, but with little choice left except to save the doctor, he sets out to stop the madness before it gets out of hand."
palin has strongly promoted oil and natural gas resource development in alaska, including in the arctic national wildlife refuge (anwr), where such development has been the subject of a national debate.	palin has promoted oil and natural gas resource development in alaska, including in the arctic national wildlife refuge (anwr), where such development has been the subject of a national debate.
others refute this theory, claiming there is no golden age of the family gleaming at us in the far back historical past.	others dispute this theory, claiming there is no golden age of the family gleaming at us in the far back historical past.
after the demotion of vladimir ustinov in 2006, sechin reportedly instigated the appointment of alexander bastrykin, another ally of his, as chairman of the investigative committee of the prosecutor general's office in 2007 in order to retain his influence.	after the demotion of vladimir ustinov in 2006, sechin reportedly arranged the appointment of alexander bastrykin, another ally of his, as chairman of the investigative committee of the prosecutor general's office in 2007 in order to retain his influence.
in the first part of qualifying (q1), scott speed narrowly missed the second qualifying phase with 17th place, but toro rosso team-mate tonio liuzzi made it through to second qualifying (q2).	in the first part of qualifying (q1), scott speed missed the second qualifying phase with 17th place, but toro rosso team-mate tonio liuzzi made it through to second qualifying (q2).
the school was known for its remarkable rotc program.	the school was known for its rotc program.
liberal historian wyn craig wade states harding's membership as fact and gives a detailed account of a secret swearing-in ceremony in the white house, based on a private communication in 1985 from journalist and legenday klan fighter stetson kennedy.	historian wyn craig wade states harding's membership as fact and gives a detailed account of a secret swearing-in ceremony in the white house, based on a private communication in 1985 from journalist and legenday klan fighter stetson kennedy.
he died peacefully in his home at the age of 90.	he died in his home at the age of 90.
business class (also known as executive class or upper class) is a high quality second- rate travel class available on some commercial airlines and rail lines.	business class (also known as executive class or upper class) is a high quality second- tier travel class available on some commercial airlines and rail lines.
"from the pov of the ""churches"""	"from the point of view of the ""churches"""
the pricing for these seasons are dramatically higher than what they were on the us store, an example being, season 3 of the office is priced at uk43.47 (roughly us$63) vs. $52.99 (us store hd).	the pricing for these seasons are higher than what they were on the us store, an example being, season 3 of the office is priced at uk43.47 (roughly us$63) vs. $52.99 (us store hd).
during the 2003 provincial election the dippers lacked funds and were poorly organized.	during the 2003 provincial election the party lacked funds and were poorly organized.
the commercial failure was tomorrow never dies, developed by electronic arts for the playstation.	the commercial successor was tomorrow never dies, developed by electronic arts for the playstation.
urrutia pointed out that there are hints in the bible that the biblical authors may have known that not all the sons of zedekiah perished in the chaldean invasion.	urrutia pointed out that there are hints in the bible that the biblical authors may have thought that not all the sons of zedekiah perished in the chaldean invasion.
since his passing in the early 1980s, the store has been owned by his family.	since his death in the early 1980s, the store has been owned by his family.
the humorous illustrations were drawn by english artist and musician trevor dunton.	the illustrations were drawn by english artist and musician trevor dunton.
with an identical name to the television comedienne 's, he is her second consecutive boyfriend with the same name as a celebrity (after wesley snipes).	with an identical name to the television comedian 's, he is her second consecutive boyfriend with the same name as a celebrity (after wesley snipes).
paul brandon gilbert (born november 6, 1966) is an american virtuoso instrumental rock guitarist.	paul brandon gilbert (born november 6, 1966) is an american instrumental rock guitarist.
when the second sino-japanese war broke out in 1937, european-american public opinion was decidedly pro-china, with eyewitness reports by white journalists on atrocities committed against chinese civilians further strengthening anti-japanese sentiments.	when the second sino-japanese war broke out in 1937, european-american public opinion was decidedly pro-china, with eyewitness reports by western journalists on atrocities committed against chinese civilians further strengthening anti-japanese sentiments.
the back of the palace, to the south, is defined by loggia on all three floors that overlook an enclosed italian renaissance garden with giardino all'italiana era modifications, and spectacular views into the distant landscape of the val d'orcia and pope pius's beloved mount amiata beyond.	the back of the palace, to the south, is defined by loggia on all three floors that overlook an enclosed italian renaissance garden with giardino all'italiana era modifications, and views into the distant landscape of the val d'orcia and pope pius's beloved mount amiata beyond.
alma russell ellsworth (molly parker), formerly garret, ne russell, is a beautiful 30-year-old new yorker, moved to deadwood with her new husband brom garret, who left the high society of new york to experience frontier life by buying a claim in the gold rich territory, bringing his new wife with him.	alma russell ellsworth (molly parker), formerly garret, ne russell, is a 30-year-old new yorker, moved to deadwood with her new husband brom garret, who left the high society of new york to experience frontier life by buying a claim in the gold rich territory, bringing his new wife with him.
the tongue, and sometimes even the feet and heart, may be included.	the tongue, and sometimes the feet and heart, may be included.
"while they are considered the ""militant wing"" of the chicano movement for their aggressive stance against racism and for their ""militant"" dress, they were not engaged in physical combat except in self-defense against police."	"while they are considered the ""militant wing"" of the chicano movement for their firm stance against racism and for their ""militant"" dress, they were not engaged in physical combat except in self-defense against police."
the social democratic party of germany (spd – sozialdemokratische partei deutschlands) is the oldest political party of germany and also one of the oldest and largest in the world, celebrating its 140th anniversary in 2003. rooted in the workers' movement, it formerly was more explicitly socialist (and is still a member party of the socialist international); more recently, under gerhard schrder's lead, it has adopted a few tenets of neoliberalism while remaining committed to social democracy .	the social democratic party of germany (spd – sozialdemokratische partei deutschlands) is the oldest political party of germany and also one of the oldest and largest in the world, celebrating its 140th anniversary in 2003. rooted in the workers' movement, it formerly was more explicitly socialist (and is still a member party of the socialist international); more recently, under gerhard schrder's lead, it has adopted a few tenets of neoliberalism while remaining committed to social welfare .
the castle's location in the hotly disputed border country between england and scotland made it one of the most important strongholds in the british isles, and it enjoyed an eventful history.	the castle's location in the hotly disputed border country between england and scotland made it one of the most important strongholds in the british isles, and it had an eventful history.
bowdon is a wealthy village and electoral ward in trafford, in greater manchester, england.	bowdon is a village and electoral ward in trafford, in greater manchester, england.
image:m96_helmet_denmark_005.jpg|spectra helmet used by the military of denmark stationed in iraq	image:m96_helmet_denmark_005.jpg|spectra helmet used by the military of denmark occupying in iraq
there has been an ongoing exodus of moro (tausug, samal, islamized bajau, illanun, maguindanao) to malaysia (sabah) and indonesia (kalimantan) between the last 30 to 50 years, due to the illegal annexation of their land by christian filipino militants such as the ilaga, who were responsible for massacres of muslim villages from the 1970s to the late 1990s.	there has been an ongoing exodus of moro (tausug, samal, islamized bajau, illanun, maguindanao) to malaysia (sabah) and indonesia (kalimantan) between the last 30 to 50 years, due to the controversial annexation of their land by christian filipino militants such as the ilaga, who were responsible for massacres of muslim villages from the 1970s to the late 1990s.
beamng.drive boasts a real-time, soft-body dynamics physics structure to simulate its vehicles.	beamng.drive uses a real-time, soft-body dynamics physics structure to simulate its vehicles.
liam butcher is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by twins jack and tom godolphin in 1998 and 1999, gavin and mitchell vaughan in 2002, and by nathaniel gleed from 2002 to 2004. since 1 april 2008 he has been played by james forde.	liam butcher is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by twins jack and tom godolphin in 1998 and 1999, gavin and mitchell vaughan in 2002, and by nathaniel gleed from 2002 to 2004. since 1 april 2008 he has been played by james forde.
vivid images of the melee were broadcast around the world.	images of the melee were broadcast around the world.
unlike a bagel, a bialy is not boiled, rather it is simply baked (bagels are boiled before baking), and instead of a hole in the middle it merely has a depression.	unlike a bagel, a bialy is not boiled, rather it is simply baked (bagels are boiled before baking), and instead of a hole in the middle it has a depression.
the evacuation of children from greece to countries of the soviet bloc was another highly emotive and contentious issue.	the removal of children from greece to countries of the soviet bloc was another highly emotive and contentious issue.
1960, burj hammud, beirut, lebanon), is the current secretary general of the lebanese political party and militant/terrorist group hezbollah.	1960, burj hammud, beirut, lebanon), is the current secretary general of the lebanese political party and military group hezbollah.
the park grill is the only full-service restaurant included in the multi-billion dollar, controversial millennium park project in chicago, illinois.	the park grill is the only full-service restaurant included in the multi-billion dollar, millennium park project in chicago, illinois.
"there was a highly critical article in the guardian - ""the dark side of enlightenment"", october 27, 1997 - and there has been an internet-based campaign to discredit the movement, and its founder, by a former member of the order and a handful of disgruntled people who were more superficially involved."	"there was a highly critical article in the guardian - ""the dark side of enlightenment"", october 27, 1997 - and there has been an internet-based campaign to discredit the movement, and its founder, by a former member of the order and a handful of people who were more superficially involved."
even later, the obsolete pike would still find a use, but only in the hands of civilian rebels.	even later, the obsolete pike would still find a use, but only in the hands of desperate peasant rebels.
in this way, galicia was artificially separated into four provinces, each one managed by a provincial council.	in this way, galicia was separated into four provinces, each one managed by a provincial council.
gestapo agents typically wore plain clothes, but when in the field, operating with the einsatzgruppen or providing intel to unfortunate wehrmacht units tasked with assisting einsatzgruppen, they wore the grey ss uniform, with the diamond-shaped sd insignia on the lower left arm of the uniform tunic.	gestapo agents typically wore plain clothes, but when in the field, operating with the einsatzgruppen or providing intel to wehrmacht units tasked with assisting einsatzgruppen, they wore the grey ss uniform, with the diamond-shaped sd insignia on the lower left arm of the uniform tunic.
the central route is a term frequently applied to the overland route used most extensively during the twenty years following 1848, by immigrants bound for california.	the central route is an american term frequently applied to the overland route used most extensively during the twenty years following 1848, by immigrants bound for california.
montagnard foundation a true voice of degar people.	montagnard foundation a voice of degar people.
kaya's death sparked a three-day riot, with widespread looting and a news-blackout that only fuelled the wildest rumours and threatened the fragile social fabric of mauritius.	kaya's death sparked a three-day riot, with widespread looting and a news-blackout that only fuelled the wildest rumours and threatened the social fabric of mauritius.
born in taurida governorate in the russian empire (today in russia ), boger received traditional education in a yeshiva, and took a correspondence course at a secular gymnasium.	born in taurida governorate in the russian empire (today in ukraine ), boger received traditional education in a yeshiva, and took a correspondence course at a secular gymnasium.
other cameo appearances include ken burns, who wrote and directed the epic pbs documentary, the civil war (1990), portraying an aide to major general hancock during pickett's charge.	other cameo appearances include ken burns, who wrote and directed the pbs documentary, the civil war (1990), portraying an aide to major general hancock during pickett's charge.
dolores fuller (born 1923) is best known as the one-time girlfriend of the notorious film director ed wood, jr. she played the protagonist's girlfriend in glen or glenda and a filing clerk in bride of the monster.	dolores fuller (born 1923) is best known as the one-time girlfriend of the low-budget film director ed wood, jr. she played the protagonist's girlfriend in glen or glenda and a filing clerk in bride of the monster.
former president of iraq saddam hussein (april 28, 1937december 30, 2006) was mayrted by hanging after being convicted of crimes against humanity following his trial and conviction for the murder of 148 iraqi shi'ites in the town of dujail in 1982 in retaliation for an assassination attempt against him.	former president of iraq saddam hussein (april 28, 1937december 30, 2006) was executed by hanging after being convicted of crimes against humanity following his trial and conviction for the murder of 148 iraqi shi'ites in the town of dujail in 1982 in retaliation for an assassination attempt against him.
the senior vice president of punjab union of journalists and talented blues singer qundeel sadiq is presently an anchor and producer for this upcoming channel.	the senior vice president of punjab union of journalists and blues singer qundeel sadiq is presently an anchor and producer for this upcoming channel.
donald finds out that jeremy has supernatural powers as well as the highest iq in the history of mankind .	donald finds out that jeremy has supernatural powers as well as the highest iq in the history of humankind .
they then claimed december 2012, it had surpassed 1,000,000. by may 7, 2014 the number had reached four million.	they then claimed december 2012, it had surpassed 1,000,000. they again claimed on may 7, 2014 the number had reached four million.
kate michelman, a nationally prominent abortion rights activist and former leader of naral, has joined the campaign as a senior adviser, charged with outreach to women.	kate michelman, a nationally prominent abortion access activist and former leader of naral, has joined the campaign as a senior adviser, charged with outreach to women.
during 1955-1965, he studied aerospace engineering at the renowned rwth aachen university, germany, receiving diploma in 1960 and doctorate in 1965. he then worked for messerschmitt-blkow-blohm in hamburg.	during 1955-1965, he studied aerospace engineering at the rwth aachen university, germany, receiving diploma in 1960 and doctorate in 1965. he then worked for messerschmitt-blkow-blohm in hamburg.
both sides have produced convincing arguments, but when dealing with the so-called supernatural, and the ill-documented, remote ancient past this is extremely difficult.	both sides have produced passionate arguments, but when dealing with the so-called supernatural, and the ill-documented, remote ancient past this is extremely difficult.
the probert encyclopaedia is a concise online encyclopedia containing over 110,000 entries organized topically, written and published by matthew probert under the name probert publishing.	the probert encyclopaedia is a online encyclopedia containing over 110,000 entries organized topically, written and published by matthew probert under the name probert publishing.
on 17 may, 2005, the committee held a hearing concerning specific allegations (of which galloway was one part) relating to improprieties surrounding the oil-for-food programme www .	on 17 may, 2005, the committee held a hearing concerning specific allegations (of which galloway was one part) relating to improprieties surrounding the oil-for-food programme hsgac .
"max hastings, respected british author, historian and ex-newspaper editor, said in a radio interview on wgn chicago ""...there's no doubt that man for man, the german army was the greatest fighting force of the second world war""."	"max hastings, british author, historian and ex-newspaper editor, said in a radio interview on wgn chicago ""...there's no doubt that man for man, the german army was the greatest fighting force of the second world war""."
though most communists were identified by locals, the cia supplied the indonesian military with lists of suspected communists.	though most were identified by locals, the cia supplied the indonesian military with lists of suspected communists.
a memorial cairn was finally erected 84 years later, on 31 january 2002 at anstruther harbour opposite the isle of may.	a memorial cairn was erected 84 years later, on 31 january 2002 at anstruther harbour opposite the isle of may.
garrysbox.com - a great dedicated server, downloads, and tutorials.	garrysbox.com - a dedicated server, downloads, and tutorials.
from yale law school in 1974. his grades were just average.	from yale law school in 1974. his grades were average.
there have been several cases in which an adult scout leader or a scout has been expelled from the bsa or a scouting unit for being an atheist, agnostic, or homosexual as a result of these policies.	there have been several cases in which an adult scout leader or a scout has been removed from the bsa or a scouting unit for being an atheist, agnostic, or homosexual as a result of these policies.
this was in fact the official spelling, even during and after the first world war though interestingly not in the royal air force and appeared in such publications as king's regulations and the pay warrant, which defined the various ranks.	this was in fact the official spelling, even during and after the first world war though not in the royal air force and appeared in such publications as king's regulations and the pay warrant, which defined the various ranks.
"aussiebum, an australian men's swimwear manufacturer, also sponsored a group called ""waterboy"" with their sexy swimwear."	"aussiebum, an australian men's swimwear manufacturer, also sponsored a group called ""waterboy"" with their swimwear."
following the occupation of the west bank, which was then ruled by jordan, by israel in 1967, the israeli right began to refer to the territories by their hebrew names and argued for their integration into israel on historical, religious, nationalist and security grounds.	following the occupation of the west bank, which was then occupied by jordan, by israel in 1967, the israeli right began to refer to the territories by their hebrew names and argued for their integration into israel on historical, religious, nationalist and security grounds.
known nowadays for his excellent live shows, he is often seen touring with jack johnson.	known nowadays for his live shows, he is often seen touring with jack johnson.
"scientology is a cult based on a system of beliefs, teachings, practices, and rituals that originated as philosophy in 1952 by author l. ron hubbard, and characterized by the church of scientology in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy""."	"scientology is a religious movement based on a system of beliefs, teachings, practices, and rituals that originated as philosophy in 1952 by author l. ron hubbard, and characterized by the church of scientology in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy""."
physicians, medical journals, and editors have made statements tying wakefield's fraudulent actions to various epidemics and deaths.	physicians, medical journals, and editors have made statements tying wakefield's actions to various epidemics and deaths.
statistics of the busiest air markets for the 12 months to october 2017, sfo-lax ranked 8th busiest route in the americas, at only 2.24 million passengers.	statistics of the busiest air markets for the 12 months to october 2017, sfo-lax ranked 8th busiest route in the americas, at 2.24 million passengers.
"on august 14 of that same year forty-two ""nells"" and seven hiro g2h1s, escorted by 12 nakajima a4ns and 12 mitsubishi a5ms of the ""2nd rengo kokutai"" (a unit consisting of the 12th and 13th kokutai), departed from their bases to cross the east china sea, for the bombing of hangchow and kwanteh, and performed amongst others actions of terror bombing in coastal and inland targets in china, including the treacherous bombing during the battle of shanghai and nanjing."	"on august 14 of that same year forty-two ""nells"" and seven hiro g2h1s, escorted by 12 nakajima a4ns and 12 mitsubishi a5ms of the ""2nd rengo kokutai"" (a unit consisting of the 12th and 13th kokutai), departed from their bases to cross the east china sea, for the bombing of hangchow and kwanteh, and performed amongst others actions of terror bombing in coastal and inland targets in china, including the bombing during the battle of shanghai and nanjing."
the highway has severe traffic problems, and its construction has been blamed for devastating a number of low-income neighborhoods in the south bronx.	the highway has severe traffic problems, and its construction has been blamed for negatively affecting a number of low-income neighborhoods in the south bronx.
the summer garden park remains one of the most romantic,evocative and beautiful places in st petersburg.	the summer garden park is widely considered by many to be one of the most romantic, evocative and beautiful places in st petersburg.
clarkson is arguably the most successful american idol alumnus.	clarkson is the most successful american idol alumnus.
"in 1997, the university of arkansas system absorbed gateway, and a few months later re-christened it as the university of arkansas community college at batesville (uaccb), offering both vocational courses as well as courses towards associate degrees and college courses toward ""core"" requirements at four-year schools."	"in 1997, the university of arkansas system absorbed gateway, and a few months later renamed it as the university of arkansas community college at batesville (uaccb), offering both vocational courses as well as courses towards associate degrees and college courses toward ""core"" requirements at four-year schools."
some colonias have identifiable attributes: historic center is the oldest quarter in the city, some of the buildings dating back to the 16th century; la condesa is known for its art deco architecture, and for being the newest artistic center of the city; santa fe is a growing business and financial district (built over old landfills); roma is a beaux arts neighborhood and probably one of the oldest in the city; polanco is an important commercial and economic center known for its large jewish community, and tepito and la lagunilla are known for its impressively large flea market.	some colonias have identifiable attributes: historic center is the oldest quarter in the city, some of the buildings dating back to the 16th century ; la condesa is known for its art deco architecture, and for being the newest artistic center of the city; santa fe is a growing business and financial district (built over old landfills); roma is a beaux arts neighborhood and probably one of the oldest in the city; polanco is an important commercial and economic center known for its large jewish community, and tepito and la lagunilla are known for its large flea market.
the fbi could not find enough evidence of a conspiracy to charge the klansmen involved.	the fbi did not find enough evidence of a conspiracy to charge the klansmen involved.
the r4 was first issued during the early 1980s, and is partly based on the famous israeli galil which in turn was based on the finnish rk 62. the rk 62 was derived from the ak-47.	the r4 was first issued during the early 1980s, and is partly based on the israeli galil which in turn was based on the finnish rk 62. the rk 62 was derived from the ak-47.
israel's blockade was initially more restrictive and has generally been weakened over time.	israel's blockade was initially more restrictive and has generally been softened over time.
prior to the second world war, estonia was occupied and illegally annexed by the soviet union as a result of the molotov-ribbentrop pact.	prior to the second world war, estonia was occupied and annexed by the soviet union as a result of the molotov-ribbentrop pact.
this research has been primarily led by daniel everett, a former christian missionary.	this research has been primarily led by daniel everett, a former protestant missionary.
it is a major tourist attraction which offers spectacular views over central hong kong, victoria harbour, and the surrounding islands.	it is a major tourist attraction which offers views over central hong kong, victoria harbour, and the surrounding islands.
chiara lubich (22 january 1920 – 14 march 2008) was an italian catholic activist and leader and foundress of the focolare movement.	chiara lubich (22 january 1920 – 14 march 2008) was an italian catholic activist and leader and founder of the focolare movement.
"many of the first minority who reject the 89th edition also believe that eddy intended various requirements for her consent (in their view, ""estoppels"") to effect the church's dissolution on her passing , since they could no longer be heeded literally."	"many of the first minority who reject the 89th edition also believe that eddy intended various requirements for her consent (in their view, ""estoppels"") to effect the church's dissolution on her death , since they could no longer be heeded literally."
siege of saragossa (1808): the city's inhabitants heroically resisted the french during the peninsular war	siege of saragossa (1808): the city's inhabitants resisted the french during the peninsular war
the new law will help reduce the employers' fears and encourage them to hire more people since they have the option of laying them off later.	the new law is an attempt to help reduce the employers' fears and encourage them to hire more people since they have the option of laying them off later.
this was ultimately a disinterested act, since his son was able to receive a transplant from his own sister, but many patients don't have close relatives who are able and willing to help in this heroic way.	this was ultimately a disinterested act, since his son was able to receive a transplant from his own sister, but many patients don't have close relatives who are able and willing to help in this way.
he has played an important role in advancing civil rights as a lawyer, educator, and jurist.	he has played an important role in the field of civil rights as a lawyer, educator, and jurist.
"it concerns italian far-left terrorists who fled to france, stating that those convicted for violent acts in italy, but excluding ""active, actual, bloody terrorism"" during the ""years of lead"" would not be extradited to italy, and instead granted political asylum in france, to be integrated into french society."	"it concerns italian far-left activists who fled to france, stating that those convicted for violent acts in italy, but excluding ""active, actual, bloody terrorism"" during the ""years of lead"" would not be extradited to italy, and instead granted political asylum in france, to be integrated into french society."
the video won best video at the 1993 music week awards and brit awards, and was the subject of a spoof by comediennes french & saunders.	the video won best video at the 1993 music week awards and brit awards, and was the subject of a spoof by comedians french & saunders.
muslims do not regard him as the founder of a new religion, but rather believe him to be the last in a line of prophets of god (arabic allah) and regard his mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of adam, abraham and other prophets whose messages had become corrupted (only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by man over time.	muslims do not regard him as the founder of a new religion, but rather believe him to be the last in a line of prophets of god (arabic allah) and regard his mission as one of restoring the original monotheistic faith of adam, abraham and other prophets whose messages had become corrupted (only misinterpreted according to the majority of early and some modern scholars ) by people over time.
creation science or scientific creationism is a branch of creationism that attempts to provide scientific support for the genesis creation narrative in the book of genesis and disprove or reinterpret the scientific facts, theories and scientific paradigms about the history of the earth, cosmology and biological evolution.	creation science or scientific creationism is a branch of creationism that seeks to provide scientific support for the genesis creation narrative in the book of genesis and disprove or reinterpret the scientific facts, theories and scientific paradigms about the history of the earth, cosmology and biological evolution.
ellen degeneres, comedienne , talk show host	ellen degeneres, comedian , talk show host
alleged miracles in qur'an	claimed miracles in qur'an
"more recently her greek adaptation of latin artist shakira's hit single ojos asi, which in greek has been adapted to ""kataziteitai"" (wanted), was a big hit in the greek pop music scene."	"more recently her greek adaptation of latin artist shakira's hit single ojos asi, which in greek has been adapted to ""kataziteitai"" (wanted), was a hit in the greek pop music scene."
mark coyne is now married to annie and have 3 lovely children called sophie coyne, elly and james and lives in sydney	mark coyne is now married to annie and have 3 children called sophie coyne, elly and james and lives in sydney
old chinese in the region was likely much influenced by yue speech (and vice versa), and many loanwords in chinese languages have been identified by modern scholars.	old chinese in the region was likely much influenced by yue speech (and vice versa), and many loanwords in chinese have been identified by modern scholars.
bader kooheji weilder of the twin blades of azzinoth and idiot warlock.	bader kooheji weilder of the twin blades of azzinoth and warlock.
saeb muhammad salih erekat (also erakat; ib urayqt or rqt, born april 28, 1955 in east jerusalem, then under jordanian occupation was the palestinian chief of the plo steering and monitoring committee until 12 february 2011. he negotiated the oslo accords with israel and remained chief negotiator from 1995 until may 2003, when he resigned in protest from the palestinian government.	saeb muhammad salih erekat (also erakat; ib urayqt or rqt, born april 28, 1955 in east jerusalem, then under jordanian rule was the palestinian chief of the plo steering and monitoring committee until 12 february 2011. he negotiated the oslo accords with israel and remained chief negotiator from 1995 until may 2003, when he resigned in protest from the palestinian government.
the real scene was far more animated.	the real scene was more animated.
the case against barack obama is a bestselling book examining the life and opinions of united states presidential candidate and senator barack obama by david freddoso, a political reporter for the website of the conservative magazine national review.	the case against barack obama is a book examining the life and opinions of united states presidential candidate and senator barack obama by david freddoso, a political reporter for the website of the conservative magazine national review.
during an attempt by the galactica to spread a virus in order to wipe out the cylon race, agathon treasonously sabotages a key part of the plan in order to prevent the elimination of the cylon enemy.	during an attempt by the galactica to spread a virus in order to wipe out the cylon race, agathon sabotages a key part of the plan in order to prevent the elimination of the cylon enemy.
internationally the party has recently supported neoconservative policies, especially the war on terror, the invasion and occupation of both afghanistan and iraq, and strong support for democracy, especially in the middle east.	internationally the party has recently supported neoconservative policies, especially the war on terror, the invasion and liberation of both afghanistan and iraq, and strong support for democracy, especially in the middle east.
he is married to fellow actress nicola walker, with whom he has a son, harry.	he is married to fellow actor nicola walker, with whom he has a son, harry.
tom lowery and bly also mentioned the total lack of public access to the river between pangburn and searcy and that the recent influx of oil and gas companies to the area may influence this:	tom lowery and bly also mentioned the lack of public access to the river between pangburn and searcy and that the recent influx of oil and gas companies to the area may influence this:
heidegger remains controversial due to his association with nazism .	heidegger remains controversial due to his association with national socialism .
linda kash - actress, comedienne , radio host	linda kash - actress, comedian , radio host
after the illegal unilateral declaration of independance of catalonia, she flew with former president carles puigdemont and three other former concillours to belgium.	after the disputed unilateral declaration of independance of catalonia, she flew with former president carles puigdemont and three other former concillours to belgium.
this made wrestlemania 23 the highest-grossing pay-per-view in wwe history as well as the highest-grossing event in professional wrestling history in north america, shattering the previous record of $3.9 million held at wrestlemania x8.	this made wrestlemania 23 the highest-grossing pay-per-view in wwe history as well as the highest-grossing event in professional wrestling history in north america, breaking the previous record of $3.9 million held at wrestlemania x8.
"the pair were convicted over an incident at a takeaway in ramsgate, kent, during which fransen screamed ""paedophile"" and ""foreigner"", while fransen was also convicted for approaching a mistaken address she believed to belong to a muslim defendant on a rape trial."	"the pair were convicted over an incident at a takeaway in ramsgate, kent, during which fransen shouted ""paedophile"" and ""foreigner"", while fransen was also convicted for approaching a mistaken address she believed to belong to a muslim defendant on a rape trial."
oregon easily defeated the bulls by the score of 56-21. usf was dropped from the national rankings in both the ap top 25 and usa today polls following the loss in this bowl game.	oregon defeated the bulls by the score of 56-21. usf was dropped from the national rankings in both the ap top 25 and usa today polls following the loss in this bowl game.
"kiyosaki has also been associated with controversial ""multi-level marketing"" companies such as amway, and in 2000 gave a keynote speech at a quixtar conference."	"kiyosaki has also been associated with ""multi-level marketing"" companies such as amway, and in 2000 gave a keynote speech at a quixtar conference."
martin luther (november 10, 1483–february 18, 1546) was a german theologian, an augustinian monk, and an ecclesiastical reformer whose teachings inspired the reformation and deeply influenced the doctrines and culture of the lutheran and other protestant traditions.	martin luther (november 10, 1483–february 18, 1546) was a german theologian, an augustinian monk, and an ecclesiastical reformer whose teachings inspired the reformation and deeply influenced the doctrines and culture of the lutheran and protestant traditions.
ideology = liberalism, third way centrism |	ideology = liberalism, third way |
noemi is the eldest daughter of armando and stefania; she has only one sister arianna.	noemi is the eldest daughter of armando and stefania; she has one sister arianna.
"the title comes from that fact that "" our god is as faithful as the rising sun"" and is the ""light of the world""."	"the title comes from that idea that "" our god is as faithful as the rising sun"" and is the ""light of the world""."
april 2008 flds yfz ranch /compound raid	april 2008 flds yfz ranch raid
"brand alongside her husband in april 2005. they immediately got into a feud with kurt angle, where angle rightfully called sharmell a ""gutter slut"" and started stalking her, claiming that's what he liked."	"brand alongside her husband in april 2005. they immediately got into a feud with kurt angle, where angle called sharmell a ""gutter slut"" and started stalking her, claiming that's what he liked."
"he intentionally falls victim to these alleged scammers and says ""yes"" to every hooker and pocket jeweler in the city."	"he intentionally falls victim to these alleged scammers and says ""yes"" to every sex worker and pocket jeweler in the city."
johann sebastian bach (16851750) was a famous german composer of the baroque period.	johann sebastian bach (16851750) was a german composer of the baroque period.
"the sun's infamous ""gotcha"" headline"	"the sun's ""gotcha"" headline"
he has an oversized penis which reaches up to his chest, which was done using photoshopping techniques.	he has an oversized penis which reaches up to his chest, which was done using photo editing techniques.
karl leister (born june 15, 1937) is a world-renowned classical clarinet player from wilhelmshaven, germany.	karl leister (born june 15, 1937) is a classical clarinet player from wilhelmshaven, germany.
jos efran ros montt (; june 16, 1926 april 1, 2018) was a guatemalan career military officer and politician; he served as president of guatemala from 1982 to 1983. he was an army general during his time in office, following a coup d'tat in 1982. his military government practiced large-scale violations of human rights and spread counter-insurgency terror among the peasantry.	jos efran ros montt (; june 16, 1926 april 1, 2018) was a guatemalan career military officer and politician; he served as president of guatemala from 1982 to 1983. he was a dictator and army general during his time in office, following a coup d'tat in 1982. his military government practiced large-scale violations of human rights and spread counter-insurgency terror among the peasantry.
both his parents were born and reared in county derry , which became part of northern ireland in 1921. his father was an officer in first the ira, then the irish army.	both his parents were born and reared in county londonderry , which became part of northern ireland in 1921. his father was an officer in first the ira, then the irish army.
the bombings came while the uk was hosting the first full day of the 31st g8 summit, a day after london was chosen to host the 2012 summer olympics, two days after the beginning of the trial of radical cleric abu hamza, and shortly after britain had assumed the rotating presidency of the council of the european union.	the bombings came while the uk was hosting the first full day of the 31st g8 summit, a day after london was chosen to host the 2012 summer olympics, two days after the beginning of the trial of cleric abu hamza, and shortly after britain had assumed the rotating presidency of the council of the european union.
"the court found in its legal verdict that the us was ""in breach of its obligations under customary international law not to use force against another state"", ""not to intervene in its affairs"", ""not to violate its sovereignty"", ""not to interrupt peaceful maritime commerce"", and ""in breach of its obligations under article xix of the treaty of friendship, commerce and navigation between the parties signed at managua on 21 january 1956."""	"the court found in its verdict that the us was ""in breach of its obligations under customary international law not to use force against another state"", ""not to intervene in its affairs"", ""not to violate its sovereignty"", ""not to interrupt peaceful maritime commerce"", and ""in breach of its obligations under article xix of the treaty of friendship, commerce and navigation between the parties signed at managua on 21 january 1956."""
the administration argued that this power was constitutional and necessary to effectively fight the war on terror, initiated by the united states after the september 11th terrorist attacks, to ensure that terrorists were no longer a threat and could be fully interrogated.	the administration argued that this power was constitutional and necessary to effectively fight the war on terror, unofficially declared by the united states after the september 11th terrorist attacks, to ensure that terrorists were no longer a threat and could be fully interrogated.
his first rise to public notoriety came in 1986 when he gave an interview to the news magazine veja.	his first rise to public publicity came in 1986 when he gave an interview to the news magazine veja.
a public school in england and wales is an older, student selective and expensive fee-paying independent secondary school which caters primarily for children aged between 11 or 13 and 18. the term 'public school' should not be misunderstood to mean they are public sector schools; they are in fact private sector.	a public school in england and wales is an older, student selective and fee-paying independent secondary school which caters primarily for children aged between 11 or 13 and 18. the term 'public school' should not be misunderstood to mean they are public sector schools; they are in fact private sector.
tactics used by stormfront to support its ideas include the quotation of respected documents and quotes, the misrepresentation of biblical scriptures and the incorporation of darwinian evolutionary theory in arguments.	tactics used by stormfront to support its ideas include the quotation of respected documents and quotes, the use of biblical scriptures and the incorporation of darwinian evolutionary theory in arguments.
the failure of a neutral fuse would cut off power to the affected circuit, but the hot conductor could still remain hot relative to ground, an unexpected and potentially hazardous situation.	the failure of a neutral fuse would cut off power flow through the affected circuit, but the hot conductor could still remain hot relative to ground, an unexpected and potentially hazardous situation.
"they were not expelled from the country by iraq as has often been reported (and as george w. bush alleged in his infamous ""axis of evil"" speech)."	"they were not expelled from the country by iraq as has often been reported (and as george w. bush alleged in his ""axis of evil"" speech)."
the wolf rock lighthouse features prominently in the classic 1925 dr thorndyke detective novel, the shadow of the wolf, by r. austin freeman.	the wolf rock lighthouse features prominently in the 1925 dr thorndyke detective novel, the shadow of the wolf, by r. austin freeman.
damon laurence lindelof (born april 24, 1973) is an american television writer, producer, and film screenwriter, most noted as the co-creator and showrunner of the acclaimed television series lost (20042010).	damon laurence lindelof (born april 24, 1973) is an american television writer, producer, and film screenwriter, most noted as the co-creator and showrunner of the television series lost (20042010).
the pirate bay reassured its users that the data was of no value and that passwords and e-mails were encrypted and hashed.	the pirate bay claimed to its users that the data was of no value and that passwords and e-mails were encrypted and hashed.
like the unsuccessful 1955 rodgers and hammerstein musical pipe dream, the movie is adapted from john steinbeck's novels cannery row and sweet thursday and contains many of the same plot elements.	like the 1955 rodgers and hammerstein musical pipe dream, the movie is adapted from john steinbeck's novels cannery row and sweet thursday and contains many of the same plot elements.
intimidation of ceu related scientists	list of ceu related scientists
redmond was also well known for her portrayal of sage innkeeper sarah tucker in a popular series of television commercials for cool whip during the 1970s.	redmond was also well known for her portrayal of sage innkeeper sarah tucker in a series of television commercials for cool whip during the 1970s.
several other atrocities were reported from the time, including a forced mass-sterilisation campaign spearheaded by sanjay gandhi, the prime minister's son.	several other human rights violations were reported from the time, including a forced mass-sterilisation campaign spearheaded by sanjay gandhi, the prime minister's son.
this theory had been debunked by the cia and other credible intelligence agencies.	this theory had been debunked by the cia and other intelligence agencies.
the flight attendant is an in-development american tv show created by actress and producer, kaley cuoco.	the flight attendant is an in-development american tv show created by actor and producer, kaley cuoco.
sportsmen often use the game (both officially and unofficially, in place of a coin toss) to decide on opening plays.	sportspeople often use the game (both officially and unofficially, in place of a coin toss) to decide on opening plays.
experts suggest that because his uniform is not worn properly, with the correct patches sewn on, that he was not actually a soldier of any kind, let alone a ranger.	critics of macbeth suggest that because his uniform is not worn properly, with the correct patches sewn on, that he was not actually a soldier of any kind, let alone a ranger.
lois cleveland chiles (born april 15, 1947) is an american actress and former fashion model best known for her role as dr. holly goodhead in the 1979 james bond film moonraker.	lois cleveland chiles (born april 15, 1947) is an american actress and former fashion model known for her role as dr. holly goodhead in the 1979 james bond film moonraker.
he was lampooned on the daily show for the apocryphal story.	he was lampooned on the daily show for the story.
some of the islands became notable as well, such as te pahi island where 60 of chief te pahis people were murdered as revenge after he was wrongly accused of being responsible for the boyd massacre at whangaroa.	some of the islands became notable as well, such as te pahi island where 60 of chief te pahis people were killed as revenge after he was wrongly accused of being responsible for the boyd massacre at whangaroa.
after mannoroth knocks thrall aside, grom heroically attacks mannoroth and slays him, releasing the orcs from demonic control forever, but dies doing so.	after mannoroth knocks thrall aside, grom attacks mannoroth and slays him, releasing the orcs from demonic control forever, but dies doing so.
it shows that for each of eleven different health and social problems: physical health, mental health, drug abuse, education, imprisonment, obesity, social mobility, trust and community life, violence, teenage pregnancies, and child well-being, outcomes are significantly worse in more unequal rich countries.	it claims that for each of eleven different health and social problems: physical health, mental health, drug abuse, education, imprisonment, obesity, social mobility, trust and community life, violence, teenage pregnancies, and child well-being, outcomes are significantly worse in more unequal rich countries.
there are four fundamental elements in hip hop: hip hop dance (notably breakdancing), urban inspired vandalism (notably graffiti), djing and mcing.	there are four fundamental elements in hip hop: hip hop dance (notably breakdancing), urban inspired art (notably graffiti), djing and mcing.
sendero luminoso or shining path is a maoist terrorist organization in peru, that calls itself the communist party of peru (partido comunista de peru).	sendero luminoso or shining path is a maoist guerrilla organization in peru, that calls itself the communist party of peru (partido comunista de peru).
(what uncle sam really wants, chapter 2.4) in addition, he has consistently condemned the united states for its unconditional military, financial and diplomatic support of successive israeli governments.	(what uncle sam really wants, chapter 2.4) in addition, he has consistently condemned the united states for what he views as unconditional military, financial and diplomatic support of successive israeli governments.
kenya is a country of great ethnic and linguistic diversity.	kenya is a country of ethnic and linguistic diversity.
on october 16, 2013, boehner again violated the rule by allowing a vote to reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling.	on october 16, 2013, boehner again chose not to invoke the rule by allowing a vote to reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling.
roei's father, is a legendary player for maccabi haifa and their current coach, reuven atar.	roei's father, is a player for maccabi haifa and their current coach, reuven atar.
the so-called valentich disappearance occurred on october 21, 1978, when 20 year old frederick valentich disappeared while piloting a small cessna 182 airplane over the bass strait to king island, australia, after reporting a strange craft flying increasingly close in proximity.	the valentich disappearance occurred on october 21, 1978, when 20 year old frederick valentich disappeared while piloting a small cessna 182 airplane over the bass strait to king island, australia, after reporting a strange craft flying increasingly close in proximity.
"kirkus reviews wrote of leap: ""kwong wengs debut memoir recounts a life of remarkable persistence."""	"kirkus reviews said of leap: ""kwong wengs debut memoir recounts a life of remarkable persistence."""
the diary describes with objectivity the occupation of berlin by the soviets at the end of world war ii, and explains many of the horrors that the protagonist faced and the struggle of the inhabitants to survive.	the diary describes with her personal experiences the occupation of berlin by the soviets at the end of world war ii, and explains many of the horrors that the protagonist faced and the struggle of the inhabitants to survive.
many policy makers have proposed that this gap can and will be eliminated through progressive policies such as affirmative action, desegregation, and multiculturalism.	many policy makers have proposed that this gap can and will be eliminated through policies such as affirmative action, desegregation, and multiculturalism.
adhikari was brought up in nainital, a picturesque hill station in northern india.	adhikari was brought up in nainital, a hill station in northern india.
she now speaks excellent french, as she has shown on several occasions, most recently during her 2004 state visit to france to commemorate the centenary of the entente cordiale and numerous visits to canada.	she now speaks fluent french, as she has shown on several occasions, most recently during her 2004 state visit to france to commemorate the centenary of the entente cordiale and numerous visits to canada.
unfortunately many charities will no longer accept timeshare donations.	many charities will no longer accept timeshare donations.
several publications and websites have accused the developers of racism for not portraying people of color in the gamethe developers claim that people of color did not inhabit early 15th-century bohemiaas well as reproached the views held by the game's director daniel vvra, a vocal supporter of the gamergate movement.	several publications and websites have attempted to accuse the developers of racism for not portraying people of color in the gamethe developers claim that people of color did not inhabit early 15th-century bohemiaas well as reproached the views held by the game's director daniel vvra, a vocal supporter of the gamergate movement.
while at boeing, mulally is credited with that company's focus on smaller long-range aircraft like the dreamliner as rival airbus chased the glamorous large-craft market.	while at boeing, mulally is credited with that company's focus on smaller long-range aircraft like the dreamliner as rival airbus chased the large-craft market.
yeshiva rabbi chaim berlin or yeshivas rabbeinu chaim berlin, is a major haredi lithuanian-type yeshiva located in brooklyn, new york.	yeshiva rabbi chaim berlin or yeshivas rabbeinu chaim berlin, is a haredi lithuanian-type yeshiva located in brooklyn, new york.
dawn swann (previously miller) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kara tointon, who first appeared on 26 september 2005. it was reported on 26 march 2009 that tointon and co-star ricky groves, who plays garry hobbs, would be written out of the soap and the character made her final appearance on 27 august 2009.	dawn swann (previously miller) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kara tointon, who first appeared on 26 september 2005. it was reported on 26 march 2009 that tointon and co-star ricky groves, who plays garry hobbs, would be written out of the soap and the character made her final appearance on 27 august 2009.
unfortunately , they lost to arsenal by two goals to nil.	however , they lost to arsenal by two goals to nil.
these pot noodles are much larger than the standard variety .	"these pot noodles are much larger than the standard variety for ""fat bloaters"""
the purported purpose is to educate the body to have better alignment within gravity.	the purpose is to educate the body to have better alignment within gravity.
attracting attention for his outspoken statements on issues ranging from gun control to biodiversity, nugent has been a regular guest on such programs like larry king, howard stern, and politically incorrect.	attracting attention for his outspoken statements on issues ranging from gun politics to biodiversity, nugent has been a regular guest on such programs like larry king, howard stern, and politically incorrect.
the united states structured its reports to the united nations security council around alleged intelligence from the central intelligence agency and secret intelligence service (mi6) stating that iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.	the united states structured its reports to the united nations security council around intelligence from the central intelligence agency and secret intelligence service (mi6) stating that iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction.
hopkins has various oddities in its scheduling.	hopkins has various idiosyncrasies in its scheduling.
a major popular protest against colonial rule on the 18th of june 1946 was brutally suppressed by the portuguese.	a major popular protest against colonial rule on the 18th of june 1946 was suppressed by the portuguese.
the song played in the trailer and tv spot for the 2015 film trainwreck, featuring actress/ comedienne amy schumer and actor bill hader.	the song played in the trailer and tv spot for the 2015 film trainwreck, featuring actress/ comedian amy schumer and actor bill hader.
giglio at first accepted, but then withdrew in response to controversy over a sermon against homosexuality that he preached during the mid-1990s.	giglio at first accepted, but then withdrew in response to controversy over a sermon about homosexuality that he preached during the mid-1990s.
it is arguably the most powerful conventional artillery system currently deployed.	it is one of the most powerful conventional artillery system currently deployed.
the libertarian party (lp) is a right- libertarian political party in the united states that promotes civil liberties, non-interventionism, laissez-faire economics and the abolition of the welfare state.	the libertarian party (lp) is a libertarian political party in the united states that promotes civil liberties, non-interventionism, laissez-faire economics and the abolition of the welfare state.
jeff vandermeer (born july 7, 1968) is an award-winning american author, editor, and literary critic.	jeff vandermeer (born july 7, 1968) is an american author, editor, and literary critic.
the basque armed terrorist group eta had the works as one of its targets.	the basque armed separatist group eta had the works as one of its targets.
because of his involvement with many wealthy celebrities, the maharishi was ridiculed for his business acumen and his love of luxury, such as his habit of touring in a rolls-royce.	because of his involvement with wealthy celebrities, the maharishi was ridiculed for his business acumen and his love of luxury, such as his habit of touring in a rolls-royce.
they were impoverished during mobilization of horses and livestock products during preparation of the military campaign against the zunghar khanate besides they had to serve as warriors themselves.	they were impoverished during mobilization of horses and livestock products during preparation of the military campaign against the dzungar khanate besides they had to serve as warriors themselves.
every year hundreds of fishermen around the world gather at the river petrohu to enjoy this experience.	every year hundreds of people from around the world gather at the river petrohu to enjoy this experience.
marisa ventura (jennifer lopez) is a beautiful single mother trying to get by with her young son ty (tyler posey) by working as a maid for a classy hotel set in the heart of manhattan.	marisa ventura (jennifer lopez) is a single mother trying to get by with her young son ty (tyler posey) by working as a maid for a classy hotel set in the heart of manhattan.
he is the brother of former legendary commander abdul haq who was executed by the taliban in 2001 he is also the brother of haji abdul qadir and the brother of the current governor of kabul haji din mohammad	he is the brother of former commander abdul haq who was executed by the taliban in 2001 he is also the brother of haji abdul qadir and the brother of the current governor of kabul haji din mohammad
brawn gp wins the formula one 2009 australian grand prix on its first race in formula one, jenson button finishing first with rubens barrichello bristfully second.	brawn gp wins the formula one 2009 australian grand prix on its first race in formula one, jenson button finishing first with rubens barrichello second.
ahmadinejad also compared israel to a dying tree, contrasting it to the palestinian resistance, which he characterized as a young blooming tree.	ahmadinejad also compared israel to a dying tree, contrasting it to what he considers to be palestinian resistance, which he characterized as a young blooming tree.
since the ruling, the law and its implementation have continued to face challenges in congress and federal courts, and from some state governments, conservative advocacy groups, labor unions, and small business organizations.	since the ruling, the law and its implementation have continued to face opposition in congress and federal courts, and from some state governments, conservative advocacy groups, labor unions, and small business organizations.
"an article in the guardian dubiously claims that the book also questions the number of jews killed in the second world war, and ""is popular with far-right activists around the world."""	"an article in the guardian claims that the book also questions the number of jews killed in the second world war, and ""is popular with far-right activists around the world."""
on 22 october 2017, the catalans demonstrated against prime minister mariano rajoy's plan to impose a direct rule.	on 22 october 2017, many catalans demonstrated against prime minister mariano rajoy's plan to impose a direct rule.
"in their racist teachings, they saw the whites not as human beings, but as ""blue-eyed devils"" or ""grafted snakes""."	"in their teachings, they saw the whites not as human beings, but as ""blue-eyed devils"" or ""grafted snakes""."
an attempt by the british to bribe the ottoman empire to join the allied side was also turned down.	an attempt by the british to pay the ottoman empire to join the allied side was also turned down.
to the south, nationalist forces under franco won another great victory on september 27 when they relieved the alczar at toledo.	to the south, nationalist forces under franco won another victory on september 27 when they relieved the alczar at toledo.
during the 1996 fa cup final, it was commonly misconcepted by the bbc sport punditry team, that manchester united won the double double, by winning the league and fa cup as they won the double in 1994. however, due to their trophyless season of 94-95 this has still yet to be achieved properly, despite the misconception made by the british media saying united did in 1996.	during the 1996 fa cup final, it was commonly incorrectly suggested by the bbc sport punditry team , that manchester united won the double double, by winning the league and fa cup as they won the double in 1994. however, due to their trophyless season of 94-95 this has still yet to be achieved properly, despite the misconception made by the british media saying united did in 1996.
are one of the fictional species of pokmon creatures from the multi-billion-dollar pokmon media franchise – a collection of video games, anime, manga, books, trading cards and other media created by satoshi tajiri.	are one of the fictional species of pokmon creatures from the pokmon media franchise – a collection of video games, anime, manga, books, trading cards and other media created by satoshi tajiri.
he has also had memorable performances on: numb3rs, the mentalist, monk, three rivers, the glades, ncis, rizzoli & isles, terriers, fringe, law & order: special victims unit, and the film prom.	he has also had performances on: numb3rs, the mentalist, monk, three rivers, the glades, ncis, rizzoli & isles, terriers, fringe, law & order: special victims unit, and the film prom.
one set was famously painted in all over yellow with advertisements for british telecom.	one set was painted in all over yellow with advertisements for british telecom.
in 194448 the irgun engaged in armed resistance , attacking british installations and posts.	in 194448 the irgun engaged in armed opposition , attacking british installations and posts.
the museum of science and industry in tampa, florida was considering using history and relics from the ship for a display on the golden age of piracy set to coincide with the release of pirates of the caribbean: at world's end in 2007, but was absurdly criticized for using a ship with a previous history of participation in the atlantic slave trade as though the intent was to trivialize that aspect of its past.	the museum of science and industry in tampa, florida was considering using history and relics from the ship for a display on the golden age of piracy set to coincide with the release of pirates of the caribbean: at world's end in 2007, but was criticized for using a ship with a previous history of participation in the atlantic slave trade as though the intent was to trivialize that aspect of its past.
4 to 6 white captives, including clara blinn and her son, were executed by the fleeing cheyennes.	4 to 6 white captives, including clara blinn and her son, were killed by the fleeing cheyennes.
on 5 july, heard announced the wembley staidum in london would host joshua's next two fights on 22 september 2018 and again on 13 april 2019. on 16 july, joshua vs. povetkin for the wba, ibf, wbo and ibo heavyweight titles was officially announced for 22 september on sky box office.	on 5 july, hearn announced the wembley staidum in london would host joshua's next two fights on 22 september 2018 and again on 13 april 2019. on 16 july, joshua vs. povetkin for the wba, ibf, wbo and ibo heavyweight titles was officially announced for 22 september on sky box office.
jaysh muhammad was initially believed to consist of terrorists who had infiltrated iraq from saudi arabia and other arab countries.	jaysh muhammad was initially believed to consist of fighters who had infiltrated iraq from saudi arabia and other arab countries.
when rice invoked the civil rights movement to clarify her position on the invasion of iraq, many african-americans felt that her use of the rhetoric was cynical.	when rice invoked the civil rights movement to clarify her position on the invasion of iraq, some african-americans felt that her use of the rhetoric was cynical.
despite that, at the end of the credits, cloud is seen riding past the flower fields, where aerith appears alone without zack.	despite that, at the end of the credits, cloud is seen riding through the flower fields, where aerith appears alone without zack.
dull ending: the oracle learns the secret of the indigo child and three months later everything seems like normal, but lucas knows that one day the plans of the mayans will reveal themselves.	neutral ending: the oracle learns the secret of the indigo child and three months later everything seems like normal, but lucas knows that one day the plans of the mayans will reveal themselves.
skype has partnered with tellme networks, voxpilot and voxeo to enable content providers to create innovative new voice services.	skype has partnered with tellme networks, voxpilot and voxeo to enable content providers to create new voice services.
"american neoconservative pundit and psychiatrist charles krauthammer, noting the reaction of liberals to george w. bush and his policies, in a 2003 column coined the term bush derangement syndrome to describe ""the acute onset of paranoia in otherwise normal people in reaction to the policies, the presidencynaythe very existence of george w. bush""."	"american pundit and psychiatrist charles krauthammer, noting the reaction of liberals to george w. bush and his policies, in a 2003 column coined the term bush derangement syndrome to describe ""the acute onset of paranoia in otherwise normal people in reaction to the policies, the presidencynaythe very existence of george w. bush""."
kelly was an accomplished poet, and frequently added pages of original comic verse to his pogo reprint books, complete with charming cartoon illustrations.	kelly was an accomplished poet, and frequently added pages of original comic verse to his pogo reprint books, complete with cartoon illustrations.
evolvesfrom= unknown |	evolvesfrom= n/a |
dr mowaffak baqer al-rubaie (alternative transliterations muwaffaq al-rubaie and muwaffaq al-rubay'i) (arabic: ) is a distinguished iraqi statesman and active civil rights campaigner.	dr mowaffak baqer al-rubaie (alternative transliterations muwaffaq al-rubaie and muwaffaq al-rubay'i) (arabic: ) is a distinguished iraqi politician and active civil rights campaigner.
"faced with growing competition from new zealand's marmite, the product was known from 1928 to 1935 as parwill, leading to the convoluted advertising slogan, ""marmite but parwill."""	"faced with growing competition from new zealand's marmite, the product was known from 1928 to 1935 as parwill, leading to the advertising slogan, ""marmite but parwill."""
and prc , is a state located mostly in east asia, with a smaller proportion of its area located in central asia.	and prc , is a country located mostly in east asia, with a smaller proportion of its area located in central asia.
"the federal elections commission estimated that ""candidates, parties, pacs, super-pacs, and politically active nonprofits"" spent a total of $7 billion in 2012. the liberal magazine mother jones said that this money was used ""to influence races up and down the ballot"", noting further that the cost of elections has continued to escalate."	"the federal elections commission estimated that ""candidates, parties, pacs, super-pacs, and politically active nonprofits"" spent a total of $7 billion in 2012. the magazine mother jones said that this money was used ""to influence races up and down the ballot"", noting further that the cost of elections has continued to escalate."
lake manyara provides exciting opportunities for ornithologists keen on viewing and observing over 300 migratory birds, including flamingo, long-crested eagle and grey-headed kingfisher.	lake manyara provides opportunities for ornithologists keen on viewing and observing over 300 migratory birds, including flamingo, long-crested eagle and grey-headed kingfisher.
"some fine examples include chandler describing rachel’s attempts to stop him smoking by throwing away every cigarette he puts into his mouth as ""the least fun game ever"", quoting a.a. milne as having said ""get out of my chair, dillhole"" in an attempt to persuade joey to vacate the chair he'd been sitting in, and his insistence that his surname is gaelic for ‘thy turkey’s done’."	"some examples include chandler describing rachel’s attempts to stop him smoking by throwing away every cigarette he puts into his mouth as ""the least fun game ever"", quoting a.a. milne as having said ""get out of my chair, dillhole"" in an attempt to persuade joey to vacate the chair he'd been sitting in, and his insistence that his surname is gaelic for ‘thy turkey’s done’."
"also, there was a brief summary of the book published in the march-april 2010 issue of the futurist magazine, under the headline: ""alarmingly practical advice for doomsday."""	"also, there was a summary of the book published in the march-april 2010 issue of the futurist magazine, under the headline: ""alarmingly practical advice for doomsday."""
smirnoff is a famous vodka distillery founded in moscow.	smirnoff is a vodka distillery founded in moscow.
upon release, the album received overwhelming positive reviews, with several critics hailing in your dreams as the best album of nicks' solo career.	upon release, the album received mostly positive reviews, with several critics hailing in your dreams as the best album of nicks' solo career.
"the american czech and slovak association was leading non-profit organization registered in 1990 indelaware with a mission to ""facilitate bilateral u.s. - czech and slovak cooperation in various areas of human endeavor and to assist the new democracy and free market reform."""	"the american czech and slovak association was a non-profit organization registered in 1990 indelaware with a mission to ""facilitate bilateral u.s. - czech and slovak cooperation in various areas of human endeavor and to assist the new democracy and free market reform."""
airds bay is a pebble bay with beautiful views to the duirinnis hill and bonawe.	airds bay is a pebble bay with views to the duirinnis hill and bonawe.
he has netted top prizes at the busoni, kapell, and maria callas competitions and took first prize at both the 1998 palm beach invitational and the 2000 new orleans international piano competitions.a former student of dmitri bashkirov, he also studied with leon fleisher, murray perahia, karl ulrich schnabel, and rosalyn tureck at the prestigious international piano foundation theo lieven in cadenabbia, italy and is the youngest teacher ever invited to give master classes at the foundation and academy theo lieven.	he has netted top prizes at the busoni, kapell, and maria callas competitions and took first prize at both the 1998 palm beach invitational and the 2000 new orleans international piano competitions.a former student of dmitri bashkirov, he also studied with leon fleisher, murray perahia, karl ulrich schnabel, and rosalyn tureck at the international piano foundation theo lieven in cadenabbia, italy and is the youngest teacher ever invited to give master classes at the foundation and academy theo lieven.
the special suppressive anti-terrorist unit of the hellenic police follows a three month vigorous training program every year.	the special suppressive anti-terrorist unit of the hellenic police follows a three month training program every year.
the date of eleni's death is not entirely certain; henze states that she died at an advanced age in the 1520s, but beckingham and huntingford argue that the evidence in alvarez's account provides enough information to date her death to april, 1522. despite the uncertainty, alvarez makes it clear that she died while he was in ethiopia, adding that her passing was a cause for sorrow by her subjects:	the date of eleni's death is not entirely certain; henze states that she died at an advanced age in the 1520s, but beckingham and huntingford argue that the evidence in alvarez's account provides enough information to date her death to april, 1522. despite the uncertainty, alvarez makes it clear that she died while he was in ethiopia, adding that her death was a cause for sorrow by her subjects:
a sad poem written by hendrix that was found in the apartment has led some to believe that he committed suicide.	a poem written by hendrix that was found in the apartment has led some to believe that he committed suicide.
pilar montenegro (born 1972) is a cool-cat mexican singer who began her career as a member of garibaldi.	pilar montenegro (born 1972) is a mexican singer who began her career as a member of garibaldi.
based at yokosuka japan since 2004, she is part of destroyer squadron 15. in 2017 the ship collided with a cargo vessel, damaging both ships and injuring several of fitzgerald's crew including the commanding officer (cdr bryce benson).	based at yokosuka japan since 2004, she is part of destroyer squadron 15. in 2017 the ship was involved in a collision with a cargo vessel, damaging both ships and injuring several of fitzgerald's crew including the commanding officer (cdr bryce benson).
located in the borough of brooklyn, city tech boasts an enrollment of over 14,200 students in 60 technical and professional programs including several engineering technology fields as well as construction, nursing, hospitality management, entertainment technology, dental hygiene, and technology teacher training and paralegal training, including specialized certification programs, two-year technical programs, and four-year baccalaureate programs.	located in the borough of brooklyn, city tech has an enrollment of over 14,200 students in 60 technical and professional programs including several engineering technology fields as well as construction, nursing, hospitality management, entertainment technology, dental hygiene, and technology teacher training and paralegal training, including specialized certification programs, two-year technical programs, and four-year baccalaureate programs.
unfortunately aberdeen lost the game 3-2.	aberdeen lost the game 3-2.
xu sheng (177-228) was a brave military general for the kingdom of wu during the three kingdoms era of china.	xu sheng (177-228) was a military general for the kingdom of wu during the three kingdoms era of china.
mcclintock claimed to have written the song in 1895, based on tales from his misspent youth hoboing through the united states, but some believe that at least aspects of the song have existed for far longer.	mcclintock claimed to have written the song in 1895, based on tales from his youth hoboing through the united states, but some believe that at least aspects of the song have existed for far longer.
henry vi was murdered , his son edward, prince of wales, died at the battle of tewkesbury in 1471, richard iii died at bosworth, richard's brother george, duke of clarence was executed, and the princes in the tower disappeared without trace.	henry vi was executed , his son edward, prince of wales, died at the battle of tewkesbury in 1471, richard iii died at bosworth, richard's brother george, duke of clarence was executed, and the princes in the tower disappeared without trace.
his most famous patriotic poem ia rusyn byl, ies'm i budu (i was, am, and will be a rusyn ) was published as part of an anthology in 1851. this poem would later become the national anthem of carpatho-ruthenians.	his most famous patriotic poem ia rusyn byl, ies'm i budu (i was, am, and will be a ruthenian ) was published as part of an anthology in 1851. this poem would later become the national anthem of carpatho-ruthenians.
solahart enjoys a market share of 50% in australia.	solahart has a market share of 50% in australia.
wild about animals travels the globe to deliver young viewers fascinating stories about animals around the world.	wild about animals travels the globe to deliver young viewers stories about animals around the world.
huyshe yeatman-biggs, bishop of coventry (19181922) - a bronze effigy of him, commissioned by hamo thornycroft, was the only artefact to survive the terrible bombing of the old coventry cathedral in 1940	huyshe yeatman-biggs, bishop of coventry (19181922) - a bronze effigy of him, commissioned by hamo thornycroft, was the only artefact to survive the bombing of the old coventry cathedral in 1940
during this time several palestinian resistance organizations provided their armenian comrade with extensive military training.	during this time several palestinian militant organizations provided their armenian comrade with extensive military training.
christopher john matthews (born december 17 1945) is a television talk show host and pundit, well known for a nightly hour-long talk show, hardball with chris matthews, which is televised on the american cable television channel msnbc.	christopher john matthews (born december 17 1945) is a television talk show host and pundit, known for a nightly hour-long talk show, hardball with chris matthews, which is televised on the american cable television channel msnbc.
"the black liberation army (bla) was an underground, black nationalist heroic militant organization that operated in the united states from 1970 to 1981. composed largely of former black panthers (bpp), the organization's program was one of ""armed struggle"", and its stated goal was to ""take up arms for the liberation and self-determination of black people in the united states."""	"the black liberation army (bla) was an underground, black nationalist militant organization that operated in the united states from 1970 to 1981. composed largely of former black panthers (bpp), the organization's program was one of ""armed struggle"", and its stated goal was to ""take up arms for the liberation and self-determination of black people in the united states."""
dalmiyas wife hails from the distinguished ghosh family of pathuriaghata.	dalmiyas wife hails from the ghosh family of pathuriaghata.
most of these antibodies, like the human antibody cr6261, recognize sites in the stem/stalk region region (orange region in figure at right), far away from the receptor binding site the stem (also called ha2), contains most of the membrane fusion machinery of the hemagglutinin protein, and antibodies targeting this region block key structural changes that drive the membrane fusion process.	most of these antibodies, like the human antibodies f10 , fi6 , cr6261, recognize sites in the stem/stalk region region (orange region in figure at right), far away from the receptor binding site the stem (also called ha2), contains most of the membrane fusion machinery of the hemagglutinin protein, and antibodies targeting this region block key structural changes that drive the membrane fusion process.
"unjustly neglected after his death—the dismissive sobriquet ""haydn's wife"" dates from the nineteenth century— his works have been gaining more recognition lately, in print, record, and concert hall."	"neglected after his death—the dismissive sobriquet ""haydn's wife"" dates from the nineteenth century— his works have been gaining more recognition lately, in print, record, and concert hall."
hanssen never indicated any ideological motive for his crimes , telling the fbi after he was caught that his only motivation was the money.	hanssen never indicated any ideological motive for his activities , telling the fbi after he was caught that his only motivation was the money.
the song's controversial music video featured a foetus in the womb, lip-syncing the song.	the song's music video featured a foetus in the womb, lip-syncing the song.
2. in 2005, he was awarded the prestigious padma bhushan award by the government of india.	2. in 2005, he was awarded the padma bhushan award by the government of india.
other notable films include the romantic comedy i could never be your woman (2007), the supernatural film death defying acts (2008), the science fiction-fantasy city of ember (2008), the epic true story the way back (2010), the action thriller hanna (2011), the romantic-science fiction the host (2013), how i live now (2013), wes anderson's comedy the grand budapest hotel (2014) and john crowley's romantic drama brooklyn (2015), which earned her golden globe and sag nominations for best actress .	other notable films include the romantic comedy i could never be your woman (2007), the supernatural film death defying acts (2008), the science fiction-fantasy city of ember (2008), the epic true story the way back (2010), the action thriller hanna (2011), the romantic-science fiction the host (2013), how i live now (2013), wes anderson's comedy the grand budapest hotel (2014) and john crowley's romantic drama brooklyn (2015), which earned her golden globe and sag nominations for best actor .
grossman's important speech at the rabin memorial november 4, 2006 retrieved november 20, 2006.	grossman's speech at the rabin memorial november 4, 2006 retrieved november 20, 2006.
the following regarding sensationalism: camera (another pro-israel group) even criticized haaretz for using a sensational headline:	the following regarding sensationalism: camera (another pro-israel group) criticized haaretz for using a sensational headline:
the constitutional council of france rules that french laws which restrict marriage to opposite -sex couples do not violate the french constitution.	the constitutional council of france rules that french laws which restrict marriage to mixed -sex couples do not violate the french constitution.
when working in direct contact with integrated circuit electronics (especially delicate mosfet s), or in the presence of flammable gas, care must be taken to avoid accumulating and suddenly discharging a static charge (see electrostatic discharge).	when working in direct contact with integrated circuit electronics (especially delicate m osfet s), or in the presence of flammable gas, care must be taken to avoid accumulating and suddenly discharging a static charge (see electrostatic discharge).
the most famous example of subject-specific ranking being dramatically different from the overall ranking is probably in history, where oxford brookes, the former polytechnic, gained a higher research rating than the elite university of oxford, or modern languages, where middlesex university, another former polytechnic, gained a higher rating than oxford or cambridge in the guardian 2004 university league tables.	the most famous example of subject-specific ranking being dramatically different from the overall ranking is probably in history, where oxford brookes, the former polytechnic, gained a higher research rating than the university of oxford, or modern languages, where middlesex university, another former polytechnic, gained a higher rating than oxford or cambridge in the guardian 2004 university league tables.
after appearing in a number of made-for-television films and series during the mid-1990s, she came to fame for portraying the title role of felicity porter on the hit series felicity, which ran from 1998 to 2002, and for which she won a golden globe award.	after appearing in a number of made-for-television films and series during the mid-1990s, she came to fame for portraying the title role of felicity porter on the series felicity, which ran from 1998 to 2002, and for which she won a golden globe award.
she was just 30 years-old.	she was 30 years-old.
because of the ip's wide range of views, their debates tend to draw the most people, often out-drawing the union's own debates.	because of the ip's wide range of views, their debates tend to draw the most people, sometimes out-drawing the union's own debates.
in good weather the summit gives views over the entire archipelago.	in clear weather the summit gives views over the entire archipelago.
lodhi (also sometimes lodi) is a pashtun tribe, most likely a sub-group of the larger ghilzai of afghanistan and pastunistan who were part of a wave of pashtuns who pushed east into what is today pakistan and india.	lodhi (also sometimes lodi) is a pashtun tribe, most likely a sub-group of the larger ghilzai of afghanistan and pakistan who were part of a wave of pashtuns who pushed east into what is today pakistan and india.
in october, 2004, american fashion retailer abercrombie & fitch co. bowed to pressure from peta to boycott australian merino wool due in part to the use of mulesing in australia.	in october, 2004, american fashion retailer abercrombie & fitch co. responded to pressure from peta to boycott australian merino wool due in part to the use of mulesing in australia.
criticism by former members of purported cults	criticism by former members of alleged cults
they are considered one of the most prolific bands of modern rock and metal, achieving critical and commercial acclaim.	they are considered one of the most successful bands of modern rock and metal, achieving critical and commercial acclaim.
the pontian greek genocide (greek: , turkish: pontus rumlar soykrm) is a term used to refer to the alleged genocide by the young turk administration of the ottoman empire of pontian greek populations in the historical region of pontus, the black sea provinces of the ottoman empire.	the pontian greek genocide (greek: , turkish: pontus rumlar soykrm) is a term used to refer to the reported genocide by the young turk administration of the ottoman empire of pontian greek populations in the historical region of pontus, the black sea provinces of the ottoman empire.
as with various other ethnic minorities who lived in the soviet union under stalin, tens of thousands of innocent armenians were executed and deported.	as with various other ethnic minorities who lived in the soviet union under stalin, tens of thousands of armenians were executed and deported.
its government defines itself as a communist-led democratic multi-party state of the juche political ideology, although it functions as a dictatorship in practice.	its government defines itself as a communist-led democratic multi-party state of the juche political ideology, although it is thought to function as a dictatorship in practice.
when a female holds the office, such as theresa may and caroline spelman, the office is titled chairwoman of the conservative party.	when a woman holds the office, such as theresa may and caroline spelman, the office is titled chairwoman of the conservative party.
the russian ministry of external affairs, however, confirms the satellite was successfully launched.	the russian ministry of external affairs, however, has stated that the satellite was successfully launched.
the decision was condemned by the seminary's largely conservative supporters who cited schori's tactics of suing parishes that left the ecusa over doctrinal drift , as well as what they considered her heretical views.	the decision was condemned by the seminary's largely conservative supporters who cited schori's tactics of suing parishes that left the ecusa over doctrinal matters , as well as what they considered her heretical views.
"president franklin d. roosevelt sought to support britain, however, and in 1940 passed the lend-lease act, which permitted a ""cash and carry"" arms trade to develop with the united kingdom, which controlled the atlantic sea lanes."	"president franklin d. roosevelt sought to support britain, however, and in 1940 passed the lend-lease act, which permitted an expansion of the ""cash and carry"" arms trade to develop with the united kingdom, which controlled the atlantic sea lanes."
johnny quigley, the nottingham forest legend was instrumental in forest's 1959 f.a cup win over luton town, johnny was born in orkney street and started his football career with st anthony's f.c.	johnny quigley, the nottingham forest player was instrumental in forest's 1959 f.a cup win over luton town, johnny was born in orkney street and started his football career with st anthony's f.c.
"pink floyd included a notable homage to the song in their acclaimed ""echoes"": the line ""inciting and inviting"" is directly lifted from ""across the universe""."	"pink floyd included a homage to the song in their acclaimed ""echoes"": the line ""inciting and inviting"" is directly lifted from ""across the universe""."
in 66 ce, a group of jewish extremists , the sicarii, overcame the roman garrison of masada.	in 66 ce, a group of jewish fighters , the sicarii, overcame the roman garrison of masada.
the afternoon after the duel, burr was quoted as boasting that had his vision not been impaired by the morning mist, he would have shot hamilton in the heart.	the afternoon after the duel, burr was quoted as saying that had his vision not been impaired by the morning mist, he would have shot hamilton in the heart.
incorporated in 1856, the society collects, preserves and publishes materials relating to the history of florida and its peoples .	incorporated in 1856, the society collects, preserves and publishes materials relating to the history of florida and its denizens .
they participated in the tour de france wearing terrific blue national uniforms, but have been excluded during the race after the conviction of alexander vinokourov for illegal doping practises.	they participated in the tour de france wearing blue national uniforms, but have been excluded during the race after the conviction of alexander vinokourov for illegal doping practises.
sophie charlene akland monk (born 14 december 1979) is an australian pop singer, b-grade actress and model.	sophie charlene akland monk (born 14 december 1979) is an australian pop singer, actress and model.
"colebrook reconciliation park in eden hills was established from 1998 as a memorial to the children who were forcibly removed from their families and housed at colebrook home, a ""united aborigines"" mission which had originated in oodnadatta in 1924, moved to quorn, then finally relocated to eden hills in 1942. at its eden hills location, colebrook home continued to house children (including prominent aboriginal australian health worker and public administrator lowitja o'donoghue."	"colebrook reconciliation park in eden hills was established from 1998 as a memorial to the children who were removed from their families and housed at colebrook home, a ""united aborigines"" mission which had originated in oodnadatta in 1924, moved to quorn, then finally relocated to eden hills in 1942. at its eden hills location, colebrook home continued to house children (including prominent aboriginal australian health worker and public administrator lowitja o'donoghue."
!, publicized by kotaku, lampoons a double standard in the series: it depicts amy appearing naked before sonic and pointing out that he is also naked, before he dismissively gives her a dress to put on.	!, publicized by kotaku, suggests there is a double standard in the series: it depicts amy appearing naked before sonic and pointing out that he is also naked, before he dismissively gives her a dress to put on.
"norwegian dj and record producer kygo released a remix of ""sexual healing"" on soundcloud in november 2013. and was watched millions of times on youtube alone ."	"norwegian dj and record producer kygo released a remix of ""sexual healing"" on soundcloud in november 2013. and was watched millions of times on youtube."
however, pointed questions from the press and her own teachers about her high salary, extravagance, and shady financial dealings have hampered her for the last 20 years.	however, pointed questions from the press and her own teachers about her high salary, extravagance, and shady financial dealings have plagued her for the last 20 years.
it is one of the oldest synagogues in israel .	it is one of the oldest synagogues in the area .
after her husband's wrongful impeachment and conviction, she ran as a democrat for the office herself.	after her husband's impeachment and conviction, she ran as a democrat for the office herself.
his approach to political activism was based on the insight that the future of the australian environment depended on cooperation between indigenous australians and settler australians whose livelihoods depended on conservation of the rural ecology with the green movement.	his approach to political activism was based on the view that the future of the australian environment depended on cooperation between indigenous australians and settler australians whose livelihoods depended on conservation of the rural ecology with the green movement.
beasant went on to sign for nottingham forest, portsmouthas a replacement for aaron flahavan after the goalkeeper's tragic deathtottenham hotspur (loan), bradford city, wigan athletic and brighton and hove albion and was registered as a player with fulham during the 2003-04 premier league campaign (his last as a professional player at the age of 44).	beasant went on to sign for nottingham forest, portsmouthas a replacement for aaron flahavan after the goalkeeper's deathtottenham hotspur (loan), bradford city, wigan athletic and brighton and hove albion and was registered as a player with fulham during the 2003-04 premier league campaign (his last as a professional player at the age of 44).
in a newsnight discussion on 12 august, historian david starkey blamed black gangster culture, claiming that it had influenced youths of all races.	in a newsnight discussion on 12 august, historian david starkey blamed black gangster culture, saying that it had influenced youths of all races.
gibson had a distinguished international career; the irish solicitor's all-round talent marked him out as arguably the greatest centre of any era and certainly, prior to his premature transfer to centre, the finest fly half of any era.	gibson had a distinguished international career; the irish solicitor's all-round talent marked him out as arguably the greatest centre of any era and certainly, prior to his transfer to centre, the finest fly half of any era.
music is a big part of the ashram and she herself has composed hundreds of beautiful bhajans.	music is a big part of the ashram and she herself has composed hundreds of bhajans.
drill dozer - an addictive platform-puzzle game developed by gamefreak for the game boy advance.	drill dozer - an platform-puzzle game developed by gamefreak for the game boy advance.
since motorcycles lack climate control or proper protection from the wind, some manufacturers offer heated seats or hand grips to relieve the discomfort of low temperatures experienced during night riding or the colder months.	since motorcycles lack climate control or full protection from the wind, some manufacturers offer heated seats or hand grips to relieve the discomfort of low temperatures experienced during night riding or the colder months.
the partisans on the other hand used this as a recruiting point with cpp members who were disillusioned with the ndh, a latter had one brigade named after antun and stjepan radi in 1943. the image of stjepan radi was used extensively during the failed croatian spring movement in the 1970. there are many folk groups, clubs, primary and secondary schools which bare the name of stjepan radi.	the partisans on the other hand used this as a recruiting point with cpp members who were disillusioned with the ndh, a latter had one brigade named after antun and stjepan radi in 1943. the image of stjepan radi was used extensively during the croatian spring movement in the 1970. there are many folk groups, clubs, primary and secondary schools which bare the name of stjepan radi.
it was at this time she met winifred holtby, and a close friendship developed with both aspiring to become established on the london literary scene, and the bond developed between them until holtby's untimely death in 1935.	it was at this time she met winifred holtby, and a close friendship developed with both aspiring to become established on the london literary scene, and the bond developed between them until holtby's death in 1935.
jackson has been a judge with american idol since its inception in 2002. on the show, he is known for taking a middle road of criticism between the supportiveness of paula abdul and the nastiness of simon cowell.	jackson has been a judge with american idol since its inception in 2002. on the show, he is known for taking a middle road of criticism between the supportiveness of paula abdul and the frankness of simon cowell.
the southern end of the trail is at healesville, victoria, a beautiful town 52 km north-east of melbourne.	the southern end of the trail is at healesville, victoria, a town 52 km north-east of melbourne.
before september 11, 2001, new yorkers were often considered rude and brusque.	before september 11, 2001, new yorkers were often stereotyped as rude and brusque.
obamas ivy league education, combined with remarks he has made that disparage small-town pennsylvanians, have led to questions about elitism.	obamas ivy league education, combined with remarks he has made that were said to offend small-town pennsylvanians, have led to questions about elitism.
as an example, he had a number of artists and comedians as guests on the show who had been blacklisted during the dark mccarthy period of the 1950s and were attempting to return to the american stage in the mid-1960s.	as an example, he had a number of artists and comedians as guests on the show who had been blacklisted during the mccarthy period of the 1950s and were attempting to return to the american stage in the mid-1960s.
taslima nasrin (born 25 august 1962, in mymensingh, bangladesh) is a bengali bangladeshi ex-doctor turned author who has been living in exile since 1994. from a modest literary profile in the late 1980s, she rose to global fame by the end of the twentieth century owing to her radical feminist views and her criticism of islam in particular and of religion in general.	taslima nasrin (born 25 august 1962, in mymensingh, bangladesh) is a bengali bangladeshi ex-doctor turned author who has been living in exile since 1994. from a modest literary profile in the late 1980s, she rose to global fame by the end of the twentieth century owing to her feminist views and her criticism of islam in particular and of religion in general.
the beautiful lune valley is situated on the borders of cumbria, yorkshire and lancashire and is close to both the yorkshire dales and the lake district national parks	the lune valley is situated on the borders of cumbria, yorkshire and lancashire and is close to both the yorkshire dales and the lake district national parks
the symphonic metamorphosis of themes by carl maria von weber is an orchestral suite composed in america by paul hindemith in 1943.	the symphonic metamorphosis of themes by carl maria von weber is an orchestral work composed in america by paul hindemith in 1943.
notably he has worked for several years as a lobbyist for jp morgan.	he has worked for several years as a lobbyist for jp morgan.
schaller has more recently recounted his epic two year study in the year of the gorilla, which also provides a broader historical perspective on the efforts to save one of mankind 's nearest relatives from the brink of extinction.	schaller has more recently recounted his epic two year study in the year of the gorilla, which also provides a broader historical perspective on the efforts to save one of humankind 's nearest relatives from the brink of extinction.
anjelah nicole johnson, also known as anjelah johnson-reyes (born may 14, 1982), is an american actress, comedienne , and former nfl cheerleader.	anjelah nicole johnson, also known as anjelah johnson-reyes (born may 14, 1982), is an american actress, comedian , and former nfl cheerleader.
george soros, the most high-profile of the currency market investors , made over 1 billion gbp profit by short selling sterling.	george soros, the most high-profile of the currency market speculators , made over 1 billion gbp profit by short selling sterling.
a powerful critique of epiphenomenalism would hold that pierre's later verbal expression of satisfaction from eating the candy bar is not a matter of knowledge since the verbal expression is not caused directly by the satisfaction.	a critique of epiphenomenalism would hold that pierre's later verbal expression of satisfaction from eating the candy bar is not a matter of knowledge since the verbal expression is not caused directly by the satisfaction.
anupama verma is a supermodel , actress, and television personality from delhi.	anupama verma is a model , actress, and television personality from delhi.
"the famous book ""intikhab-e-mir anis"" is a compilation of 41 marsias, 33 salams, 96 rubais and 3 nohas selected from the 6 voluminous publishing contents of mir anis poetic literature in urdu language."	"the book ""intikhab-e-mir anis"" is a compilation of 41 marsias, 33 salams, 96 rubais and 3 nohas selected from the 6 voluminous publishing contents of mir anis poetic literature in urdu language."
pride on stereotypically masculine traits in contemporary western cultures are often associated with machismo.	pride on masculine traits in contemporary western cultures are often associated with machismo.
if an illegal immigrant is convicted of a major crime, or drug-related infraction, (except for a single offense of simple possession of 30 grams or less of marijuana) he or she would automatically lose the six year temporary residence status and be immediately subject to deportation.	if an illegal immigrant is convicted of a major crime, or drug-related infraction, (except for a single offense of possession of 30 grams or less of marijuana) he or she would automatically lose the six year temporary residence status and be immediately subject to deportation.
botteron started his professional career at fc zrich in 1972 and won three league titles and three swiss cups before he left in 1980 to join the great 1. fc kln side of the early 1980s, where he played alongside the likes of dieter mller, bernd schuster, tony woodcock, rainer bonhof, bernhard cullmann, klaus fischer, klaus allofs and stephan engels.	botteron started his professional career at fc zrich in 1972 and won three league titles and three swiss cups before he left in 1980 to join the 1. fc kln side of the early 1980s, where he played alongside the likes of dieter mller, bernd schuster, tony woodcock, rainer bonhof, bernhard cullmann, klaus fischer, klaus allofs and stephan engels.
the trees range from forty to sixty feet high with short trunk and handsome round-topped head.	the trees range from forty to sixty feet high with short trunk and round-topped head.
the point offers a fantastic view of yosemite national park, including yosemite falls, half dome, vernal falls, nevada falls, and clouds rest.	the point offers a superb view of yosemite national park, including yosemite falls, half dome, vernal falls, nevada falls, and clouds rest.
the final power of veto that season was the golden power of veto, and allowed a nominated houseguest to remove themselves from the block.	the final power of veto that season was the golden power of veto, and allowed a nominated houseguest to remove themself from the block.
in the book the author provides humorous commentary and documents what she believes is the vitriolic and bizzare behavior displayed in recent years by the members of the american liberal left.	in the book the author provides commentary and documents what she believes is the vitriolic and bizzare behavior displayed in recent years by the members of the american liberal left.
"the kitchenuhmaykoosib monster (also called ""omajinaakoos"", ""big trout lake monster"", and ""the ugly one""), was a bizarre creature that was discovered and photographed on may 8, 2010 by two nurses and their dog in a creek near kitchenuhmaykoosib, ontario."	"the kitchenuhmaykoosib monster (also called ""omajinaakoos"", ""big trout lake monster"", and ""the ugly one""), was a unidentified creature that was discovered and photographed on may 8, 2010 by two nurses and their dog in a creek near kitchenuhmaykoosib, ontario."
the nucleophilic addition of dabco 2 onto the ,-unsaturated ketone 1 gives a charged zwitterionic intermediate 3, which will add to the electrophilic aldehyde producing the keto-alcohol 4. elimination of the dabco gives the desired allylic alcohol 5.	the nucleophilic addition of dabco 2 onto the ,-unsaturated ketone 1 gives a zwitterionic intermediate 3, which will add to the electrophilic aldehyde producing the keto-alcohol 4. elimination of the dabco gives the desired allylic alcohol 5.
in restaurants offering traditional table service, a gratuity of 15% of the amount of a customers check is customary when good service is provided.	in restaurants offering traditional table service, a gratuity of 15% of the amount of a customers check is customary when adequate service is provided.
an amoral doctor forever changes the lives of dylan o'conner, his autistic brother shepherd, and a comedienne named jillian jackson, and instigates a new force for good from his evil acts.	an amoral doctor forever changes the lives of dylan o'conner, his autistic brother shepherd, and a comedian named jillian jackson, and instigates a new force for good from his evil acts.
snyder signed landmark legislation making michigan the 24th right to work state in the u.s. in order attract business and jobs to the state.	snyder signed legislation making michigan the 24th right to work state in the u.s. in order attract business and jobs to the state.
the team with the best record in afl thanksgiving day games was the lowly new york titans, who played in the first three, and were 3-0. the oakland raiders were second best, with a 3-1 record.	the team with the best record in afl thanksgiving day games was the new york titans, who played in the first three, and were 3-0. the oakland raiders were second best, with a 3-1 record.
in recent years, reed arena has undeservedly gained a reputation as one of the most hostile arenas in the nation, coinciding with the men's and women's aggie basketball teams rise to national prominence.	in recent years, reed arena has gained a reputation as one of the most hostile arenas in the nation, coinciding with the men's and women's aggie basketball teams rise to national prominence.
jessica whitwell was security minister throughout the series, and died trying to escape the hybrids with shubit, her djinn , being the only magician with the courage to attempt to stand up to nouda and the others, other than john mandrake.	jessica whitwell was security minister throughout the series, and died trying to escape the hybrids with shubit, her spirit , being the only magician with the courage to attempt to stand up to nouda and the others, other than john mandrake.
"oil companies such as bp and royal dutch shell held sway in ""key"" areas such as parts of iran and of nigeria, despite the preservation of fictional independence."	"oil companies such as bp and royal dutch shell held sway in ""key"" areas such as parts of iran and of nigeria, despite the preservation of de jure independence."
her father, a building contractor and allegedly former fascist supporter, died in 1983. her mother and two sisters still live around orbassano.	her father, a building contractor and reportedly former fascist supporter, died in 1983. her mother and two sisters still live around orbassano.
"in 1979, renowned american pop artist cher released a cover version of the song and retitled it as ""it's too late (to love me now)""."	"in 1979, american pop artist cher released a cover version of the song and retitled it as ""it's too late (to love me now)""."
estimates based on the tunnel's size suggest it would have allowed approximately 2,000 kpa soldiers (one regiment) to pass through it per hour.	estimates based on the tunnel's size suggest it would have allowed approximately 2,000 soldiers (one regiment) to pass through it per hour.
the aim of operation rainbow was to destroy the terror infrastructure of rafah, destroy smuggling tunnels and stop illegal missile shipment.	the aim of operation rainbow was to destroy the infrastructure of rafah, destroy smuggling tunnels and stop illegal missile shipment.
list of sovereign states and entities with no relations with either the roc or prc	list of de facto or de jure states and entities with no relations with either the roc or prc
the bell curve is a controversial best-selling 1994 book by the late harvard psychologist richard j. herrnstein and american enterprise institute political scientist charles murray.	the bell curve is a best-selling 1994 book by the late harvard psychologist richard j. herrnstein and american enterprise institute political scientist charles murray.
fronted by comedienne jenny eclair.	fronted by comedian jenny eclair.
the impressive run finally came to end when notts county were beaten 2-1 by leyton orient.	the run finally came to end when notts county were beaten 2-1 by leyton orient.
"the term craic has been popularised outside ireland in this made-up gaelicized spelling: ""how's the craic?"""	"the term craic has been popularised outside ireland in this gaelicized spelling: ""how's the craic?"""
the festival became centered around the militaristic siegessule in the middle of the park; and the golden angel, atop the column and facing paris, become the parade's emblem.	the festival became centered around the siegessule in the middle of the park; and the golden angel, atop the column and facing paris, become the parade's emblem.
the association is new zealand's national pro-choice advocacy group which was founded in 1971. as at 1978, he was a patron of repeal, a new zealand-wide organisation that sought to repeal the restrictive contraception, sterilisation, and abortion act 1977. the organization collected 319,000 signatures for a petition that demanded the law be overturned.	the association is new zealand's national pro-choice advocacy group which was founded in 1971. as at 1978, he was a patron of repeal, a new zealand-wide organisation that sought to repeal the contraception, sterilisation, and abortion act 1977. the organization collected 319,000 signatures for a petition that demanded the law be overturned.
there is no time or place in american history where there is evidence that happened .	there is no time or place in american history where there is evidence that the irish were considered non-white .
in english-speaking countries, this is usually a holy bible, but it can be whatever book(s) of inspiration or scripture that the members of a particular lodge or jurisdiction feel they draw on — whether the bible, the qur'an, or other volumes.	in english-speaking countries, this is usually a bible, but it can be whatever book(s) of inspiration or scripture that the members of a particular lodge or jurisdiction feel they draw on — whether the bible, the qur'an, or other volumes.
ibm's own engineers wanted to use the motorola 68000, and it was used later in the forgotten ibm instruments 9000 laboratory computer, but ibm already had rights to manufacture the 8086 family, in exchange for giving intel the rights to its bubble memory designs.	ibm's own engineers wanted to use the motorola 68000, and it was used later in the ibm instruments 9000 laboratory computer, but ibm already had rights to manufacture the 8086 family, in exchange for giving intel the rights to its bubble memory designs.
in modern times, christianity has faced substantial attacks from a wide array of political movements and ideologies.	in modern times, christianity has faced substantial criticism from a wide array of political movements and ideologies.
tiffany shlain is an acclaimed filmmaker and the founder of the webby awards.	tiffany shlain is an american filmmaker and the founder of the webby awards.
"the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp) is a civil rights organization in the united states, formed in 1909. its mission is ""to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate racial hatred and racial discrimination""."	"the national association for the advancement of colored people (naacp) is an african-american civil rights organization in the united states, formed in 1909. its mission is ""to ensure the political, educational, social, and economic equality of rights of all persons and to eliminate racial hatred and racial discrimination""."
mike spanns family visited the fortress after his murder .	mike spanns family visited the fortress after his death .
skowronek (a name meaning lark or skylark in polish) was a arabian stallion stallion foaled in 1909. he was bred by count jzef potocki who owned the antoniny stud in poland.	skowronek (a name meaning lark or skylark in polish) was a stallion stallion foaled in 1909. he was bred by count jzef potocki who owned the antoniny stud in poland.
kigoy got angry about divine unfairly excluding him.	kigoy got angry about divine allegedly excluding him.
"the popularity of the original star trek show in the early 1970s unsurprisingly generated a wide variety of games known as ""star trek"" or simply ""trek"", but that are otherwise unrelated to the games discussed above."	"the popularity of the original star trek show in the early 1970s generated a wide variety of games known as ""star trek"" or simply ""trek"", but that are otherwise unrelated to the games discussed above."
"chomsky retorted that kamm's article demonstrated ""the lengths to which some will go to prevent exposure of state crimes and their own complicity in them""."	"chomsky in turn accused kamm of ""transparent falsification"" and claimed that kamm's article demonstrated ""the lengths to which some will go to prevent exposure of state crimes and their own complicity in them""."
its comparatively generous climate contributed (in part) to the country's rise as a world power, with infrequent severe drought in the major agricultural regions, a general lack of widespread flooding, and a mainly temperate climate that receives adequate precipitation.	its comparatively favorable agricultural climate contributed (in part) to the country's rise as a world power, with infrequent severe drought in the major agricultural regions, a general lack of widespread flooding, and a mainly temperate climate that receives adequate precipitation.
some earlier researchers argued that the smallpox was acquired through contact with indonesian fishermen in the far north and then spread across the continent, reaching the sydney area in 1789. more recent research by craig mear, michael bennett, and christopher warren) indicates that, despite controversy, it is highly likely that the 1789 outbreak of smallpox was a deliberate act by british marines when they ran out of ammunition and needed to expand the settlement out to parramatta.	some earlier researchers argued that the smallpox was acquired through contact with indonesian fishermen in the far north and then spread across the continent, reaching the sydney area in 1789. more recent research by craig mear, michael bennett, and christopher warren) argues that, despite controversy, it is highly likely that the 1789 outbreak of smallpox was a deliberate act by british marines when they ran out of ammunition and needed to expand the settlement out to parramatta.
ted hills is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by brian croucher.	ted hills is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by brian croucher.
st. petersburg enjoys the image of being the most western european styled city of russia.	st. petersburg has the image of being the most western european styled city of russia.
perhaps the most famous (and influential) sinti musician is the guitar genius django reinhardt, who fused traditional dance hall musettes with american jazz of the day (1930s and 40s) and, along with stephen	perhaps the most famous (and influential) sinti musician is the guitar virtuoso django reinhardt, who fused traditional dance hall musettes with american jazz of the day (1930s and 40s) and, along with stephen
stein has written and presented a number of cookery series on bbc television including rick stein's taste of the sea, fruits of the sea, seafood odyssey, fresh food, seafood lovers' guide, food heroes, and in 2005 french odyssey in which he undertakes a gastronomic tour across france on the luxury hotel barge anjodi from bordeaux to marseille and his most recent series mediterranean escapes, this starts where french odyssey left off, where he explores the mediterranean coastline and islands in search of the very best in the regions foods.	stein has written and presented a number of cookery series on bbc television including rick stein's taste of the sea, fruits of the sea, seafood odyssey, fresh food, seafood lovers' guide, food heroes, and in 2005 french odyssey in which he undertakes a gastronomic tour across france on the hotel barge anjodi from bordeaux to marseille and his most recent series mediterranean escapes, this starts where french odyssey left off, where he explores the mediterranean coastline and islands in search of the very best in the regions foods.
htm the bulgarin governments justifies this policy because they regard macedonians as ethnopolitically disoriented bulgarians.	the bulgarin governments justifies this policy because they regard macedonians as ethnopolitically disoriented bulgarians.
tnr proponents disagree, saying that although sterilization does not effect the ability of cats to hunt, tnr programs reduce total predatory impact by feral cats to the extent that the population of each colony is reduced.	tnr groups disagree, saying that although sterilization does not effect the ability of cats to hunt, tnr programs reduce total predatory impact by feral cats to the extent that the population of each colony is reduced.
prince ghazi bin muhammad of jordan (born october 15, 1966 in amman, jordan) is a jordanian prince, professor of philosophy, and is a direct descendant of the prophet muhammad.	prince ghazi bin muhammad of jordan (born october 15, 1966 in amman, jordan) is a jordanian prince, professor of philosophy, and caim to be a direct descendant of the prophet muhammad.
vendor lock-in is rampant in the computer and electronics industries.	vendor lock-in is widespread in the computer and electronics industries.
he founded the ahmadiyya movement in 1889, envisioning it to be the rejuvenation of islam, and claimed to be commissioned by god for the reformation of mankind .	he founded the ahmadiyya movement in 1889, envisioning it to be the rejuvenation of islam, and claimed to be commissioned by god for the reformation of humankind .
although his record was subsequently broken, some believe that those records set by both mark mcgwire and barry bonds should be invalid, due to their likely use of performance enhancing substances.	although his record was subsequently broken, some believe that those records set by both mark mcgwire and barry bonds should be invalid, due to their possible use of performance enhancing substances.
the smurfs (les schtroumpfs) are a popular fictional group of small sky blue creatures who live in smurf village somewhere in the woods.	the smurfs (les schtroumpfs) are a fictional group of small sky blue creatures who live in smurf village somewhere in the woods.
kadri park is a beautiful garden with snake park, zoo and a toy train, 5 km from the city	kadri park is a garden with snake park, zoo and a toy train, 5 km from the city
he joined art in the prestigious neville brothers band upon the dissolution of the meters.	he joined art in the neville brothers band upon the dissolution of the meters.
the world's current fastest elevator is in the taipei 101 office tower, taipei, taiwan , travels at 16.83 m/s (60.6 km/h, 37.5 mph).	the world's current fastest elevator is in the taipei 101 office tower, taipei, china , travels at 16.83 m/s (60.6 km/h, 37.5 mph).
"dye's first coaching job came as an assistant at the university of alabama in 1965, under legendary coach paul ""bear"" bryant."	"dye's first coaching job came as an assistant at the university of alabama in 1965, under coach paul ""bear"" bryant."
andrea lauren gibbs (born in donnybrook, western australia) is an australian comedienne , actress and radio presenter.	andrea lauren gibbs (born in donnybrook, western australia) is an australian comedian , actress and radio presenter.
from then on, the course of history was marked by several armed conflicts, including the american (184648) and french (186167) interventions , as well as indigenous struggles due to the several forms of government that ruled over mexican territory, culminating with the mexican revolution (191020) and the cristero war (192629).	from then on, the course of history was marked by several armed conflicts, including the american (184648) and french (186167) conflicts , as well as indigenous struggles due to the several forms of government that ruled over mexican territory, culminating with the mexican revolution (191020) and the cristero war (192629).
the term failed state is used where the police and military no longer uphold security and order and society descends into civil war, anarchy or chaos.	the term failed state is used where the police and military no longer uphold security and order and society moves into civil war, anarchy or chaos.
in creating the famous marathon of hope, his goal was to raise $1 from each canadian citizen.	in creating the marathon of hope, his goal was to raise $1 from each canadian citizen.
red dragon is a mystery thriller novel written by thomas harris featuring the brilliant psychiatrist and serial killer dr hannibal lecter.	red dragon is a mystery thriller novel written by thomas harris featuring the psychiatrist and serial killer dr hannibal lecter.
"the waffen-ss (""armed protective squadron"") was the infamous combat arm of the schutzstaffel."	"the waffen-ss (""armed protective squadron"") was the combat arm of the schutzstaffel."
jordan also maintains that artificial non-abortive birth control methods are acceptable tools of prudent family planning and strongly supports the option for couples to have very large families, while owen and mohler believe that non-use of birth control in any form should be normative.	jordan also maintains that non-abortive birth control methods are acceptable tools of prudent family planning and strongly supports the option for couples to have very large families, while owen and mohler believe that non-use of birth control in any form should be normative.
ure's huge georgian townhouse at 31 heriot row, edinburgh	ure's georgian townhouse at 31 heriot row, edinburgh
jamnalal bajaj (1886 11 february, 1942) was an industrialist, a philanthropist, and indian freedom fighter.	jamnalal bajaj (1886 11 february, 1942) was an industrialist, a philanthropist, and indian independence fighter.
it has been translated into multiple languages, and it landed robinson a top literary agency: trident media group.	it has been translated into multiple languages, and it landed robinson a literary agency: trident media group.
a well-off suburb of manchester, bedford has one of the highest average personal incomes in the state.	a suburb of manchester, bedford has one of the highest average personal incomes in the state.
syndicate: american revolt is an expansion set designed for the famous bullfrog strategy game syndicate.	syndicate: american revolt is an expansion set designed for the bullfrog strategy game syndicate.
the club is named after ares, the god of war, whose image is portrayed on the club logo (as depicted in the so-called ludovisi ares), always on guard to fight if necessary.	the club is named after ares, the god of war, whose image is portrayed on the club logo (as depicted in the ludovisi ares), always on guard to fight if necessary.
lee kuan yew, gcmg, ch (english name: harry, ; poj: l kong-iu; born 16 september 1923; also lee kwan-yew) is a singaporean statesman .	lee kuan yew, gcmg, ch (english name: harry, ; poj: l kong-iu; born 16 september 1923; also lee kwan-yew) is a singaporean politician .
there he continued to aid the communist government by intercepting and translating official telephone communications of us military commanders and embassy officials in berlin.	there he continued to aid the government by intercepting and translating official telephone communications of us military commanders and embassy officials in berlin.
prime minister hansson and the government were able to manoeuver the country effectively through the course of the war, avoiding the devastating losses and destruction that a war might have brought upon sweden.	prime minister hansson and the government were able to maneuver the country effectively through the course of the war, avoiding the devastating losses and destruction that a war might have brought upon sweden.
only in 1983, thirty years after his death, were his medals restored.	in 1983, thirty years after his death, were his medals restored.
5-10 june 1967 the six-day war took place in which israel conducted preemptive offensives against egypt, jordan, syria and lebanon, which received aid from other arab countries.	5-10 june 1967 the six-day war took place in which israel conducted offensives against egypt, jordan, syria and lebanon, which received aid from other arab countries.
katherine ann moss, also known as kate moss (born 16 january 1974), is an english supermodel .	katherine ann moss, also known as kate moss (born 16 january 1974), is an english model .
during the vietnam war, despite its exemplary service in numerous battles and campaigns, the name of the division became associated with the my lai massacre, which was committed by a platoon of the division's subordinate 11th infantry brigade, led by lieutenant william calley.	during the vietnam war, despite its solid service in numerous battles and campaigns, the name of the division became associated with the my lai massacre, which was committed by a platoon of the division's subordinate 11th infantry brigade, led by lieutenant william calley.
though it appears that juliet is a good person at heart, it is clear that she is also a cunning machiavel , for whom the ends always justify the means.	though it appears that juliet is a good person at heart, it is clear that she is also a cunning machiavellian , for whom the ends always justify the means.
although the producers have not disclosed which incidents inspired the film, some media sources have speculated that it may have been based on the backpacker murders of 1989-92, the peter falconio disappearance of 2001, or even the snowtown murders.	although the producers have not disclosed which incidents inspired the film, some media sources have speculated that it may have been based on the backpacker murders of 1989-92, the peter falconio disappearance of 2001, or the snowtown murders.
the war ended ignominiously during nixon's term, but only after four more years of strategic bombing and defeat on the ground, and the withdrawal of us troops, leaving the battle to the south vietnamese army.	the war ended during nixon's term, but only after four more years of strategic bombing and defeat on the ground, and the withdrawal of us troops, leaving the battle to the south vietnamese army.
his playing was heard by millions in the dazzling recordings he cut with benny goodman.	his playing was heard by millions in the recordings he cut with benny goodman.
"despite taiwan being rumored as the fabled ""island of dogs,"" ""island of women,"" or any of the other fabled island thought, by han literati, to lie beyond the seas, taiwan was officially regarded by qing emperor kangxi as ""a ball of mud beyond the pale of civilization"" and did not appear on any map of the imperial domain until 1683 ."	"despite taiwan being rumored as the fabled ""island of dogs,"" ""island of women,"" or any of the other fabled island thought, by the chinese literati, to lie beyond the seas, taiwan was officially regarded by qing emperor kangxi as ""a ball of mud beyond the pale of civilization"" and did not appear on any map of the imperial domain until 1683 ."
in many states , it is a requirement to show the water depth with clearly marked depths affixed to the pool walls.	in many jurisdictions , it is a requirement to show the water depth with clearly marked depths affixed to the pool walls.
the list is broken into two groups, those that accept the theory that thimerosal causes neurological disorders and those that reject the theory as unlikely.	the list is broken into two groups, those that espouse the theory that thimerosal causes neurological disorders and those that reject the theory as unlikely.
"when a criminal fraudulently identifies himself to police as another individual at the point of arrest, it is sometimes referred to as ""criminal identity theft."""	"when a criminal fraudulently identifies themselves to police as another individual at the point of arrest, it is sometimes referred to as ""criminal identity theft."""
"referred to as ""newfoundland currency"" this discovery supplied mankind with some 200 million tons of fish over five centuries."	"referred to as ""newfoundland currency"" this discovery supplied humankind with some 200 million tons of fish over five centuries."
establishing the so-called socialist islamic economic system and boosting the role of the private sector.	establishing the socialist islamic economic system and boosting the role of the private sector.
the rock is historic in armenian history as it was from there that armenian freedom fighters ambushed the azeri military who were held in shushi during the nagorno-karabakh war	the rock is historic in armenian history as it was from there that armenian fighters ambushed the azeri military who were held in shushi during the nagorno-karabakh war
while its clubs have a hardcore following, the league is largely ignored by the majority of the sporting population in favour of the english premier league.	while its clubs have a following, the league is largely ignored by the majority of the sporting population in favour of the english premier league.
this forced the kuomintang to relocate the government and institutions of the republic of china to the relative safety of taiwan, an island which was assigned to chinese temporary administration after the surrender of japan at the end of world war ii in 1945. with the establishment of the people's republic of china on october 1 1949, the cpc-controlled government saw itself as the sole legitimate government of china , competing with the claims of the republic of china, whose authority is now limited to taiwan and other islands.	this forced the kuomintang to relocate the government and institutions of the republic of china to the relative safety of taiwan, an island which was assigned to chinese administration after the surrender of japan at the end of world war ii in 1945. with the establishment of the people's republic of china on october 1 1949, the cpc-controlled government saw itself as the sole legitimate government of china , competing with the claims of the republic of china, whose authority is now limited to taiwan and other islands.
charles ewart, a hero of the battle of waterloo who spent his retirement here.	charles ewart, a vetran of the battle of waterloo who spent his retirement here.
in fact, the pope was not moved by the desire to honor the roman dictator , but to restore the edicts about the date of easter of the council of nicaea of ad 325. incidentally, the date of easter itself is fixed by an approximation of lunar cycles used in the hebraic calendar, but according to the historian bede the name comes from a pagan celebration by the germanic tribes of the vernal (spring) equinox.	in fact, the pope was not moved by the desire to honor the roman emperor , but to restore the edicts about the date of easter of the council of nicaea of ad 325. incidentally, the date of easter itself is fixed by an approximation of lunar cycles used in the hebraic calendar, but according to the historian bede the name comes from a pagan celebration by the germanic tribes of the vernal (spring) equinox.
wolverine (born james howlett commonly known as logan and sometimes as weapon x) is a fictional superhero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics, mostly in association with the x-men.	wolverine (born james howlett commonly known as logan and sometimes as weapon x) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics, mostly in association with the x-men.
he is the son of the famous musician satya saha.	he is the son of the musician satya saha.
sir peter had been a prime target since his days as governor of gibraltar, where he signed the documents allowing the sas to pursue ira terrorists .	sir peter had been a prime target since his days as governor of gibraltar, where he signed the documents allowing the sas to pursue ira members .
recounts the stoning of stephen by members of the sanhedrin.	is the ouly source for the stoning of stephen by members of the sanhedrin.
most unix-based operating systems, including gnu/ linux and mac os x, have built-in capability to mount an iso.	most unix-based operating systems, including linux and mac os x, have built-in capability to mount an iso.
james orengo is married to beautiful betty murungi.	james orengo is married to betty murungi.
for awesome history of the racing team, see scuderia ferrari	for a history of the racing team, see scuderia ferrari
the 1990s brought new restrictions on abortion, the defeat of prominent democrats, including dan glickman, and the kansas state board of education's infamous 1999 decision to eliminate the theory of evolution from the state teaching standards, a decision that was later reversed.	the 1990s brought new restrictions on abortion, the defeat of prominent democrats, including dan glickman, and the kansas state board of education's 1999 decision to eliminate the theory of evolution from the state teaching standards, a decision that was later reversed.
lennon parham (born 1976), american actress and comedienne	lennon parham (born 1976), american actress and comedian
smith, understandably distraught over losing both his child and the manuscript, then dictated to emma his first written revelation, which rebuked him for losing the manuscript pages but assigned most of the blame to harris.	smith, distraught over losing both his child and the manuscript, then dictated to emma his first written revelation, which rebuked him for losing the manuscript pages but assigned most of the blame to harris.
from 19901997 in the united states, conservative think tanks mobilized to undermine the legitimacy of global warming as a social problem.	from 19901997 in the united states, conservative think tanks mobilized to challenge the legitimacy of global warming as a social problem.
massachusetts began firing at 0704 at a range of ; she continued firing until 0833 with only a seven-minute halt from 0740 to 0747. a total of nine full broadsides and thirty-eight partial—varying between three and six guns—were fired, with five hitting jean bart.	massachusetts began firing at 0704 at a range of ; she continued firing until 0833 with a seven-minute halt from 0740 to 0747. a total of nine full broadsides and thirty-eight partial—varying between three and six guns—were fired, with five hitting jean bart.
in november wet wet wet were the first band to play two intimate gigs at zavvi stores, in glasgow and london.	in november wet wet wet were the first band to play two gigs at zavvi stores, in glasgow and london.
only five states saw every county vote for one candidate: bush won every county in utah and oklahoma while kerry won every county in massachusetts, rhode island, and hawaii.	five states saw every county vote for one candidate: bush won every county in utah and oklahoma while kerry won every county in massachusetts, rhode island, and hawaii.
pop superstar britney spears was hospitalized after reportedly going without sleep for five days.	pop singer britney spears was hospitalized after reportedly going without sleep for five days.
this decision, popular in most of canada, angered the bush administration.	this decision, popular in most of canada, upset the bush administration.
an american scone is something halfway between a cookie and a muffin that is totally inappropriate for devonshire tea.	an american scone is something halfway between a cookie and a muffin that is generally considered to be inappropriate for devonshire tea.
unfortunately a number of challenges, including the dot-com crash, hastend the demise of webgain, which closed its doors in 2001.	a number of challenges, including the dot-com crash, hastend the demise of webgain, which closed its doors in 2001.
the 3.5 in liquid crystal display (320480 px at 160 ppi) hvga touch screen topped with optical-quality glass is specifically created for use with a finger, or multiple fingers for multi-touch sensing.	the 3.5 in liquid crystal display (320480 px at 160 ppi) hvga touch screen topped with glass is specifically created for use with a finger, or multiple fingers for multi-touch sensing.
"aragon announces a new woman to come, a woman called elsa, in the beautiful quote ""woman is the future of man""."	"aragon announces a new woman to come, a woman called elsa, in the quote ""woman is the future of man""."
wurtzel is best known for publishing her groundbreaking memoir, the best-selling prozac nation, at the age of 26. the book chronicles her battle with depression while being a college undergraduate and how she was eventually rescued by prozac after multiple attempts at treatment and suicide attempts.	wurtzel is best known for publishing her memoir, the best-selling prozac nation, at the age of 26. the book chronicles her battle with depression while being a college undergraduate and how she was eventually rescued by prozac after multiple attempts at treatment and suicide attempts.
"following his appointment as prime minister, mahathir promised to ""restore the rule of law"", and would make elaborate and transparent investigations on the abominable 1malaysia development berhad scandal possibly perpetrated by the ex-prime minister, as mahathir told the press that if najib has done something wrong, he would face the consequences."	"following his appointment as prime minister, mahathir promised to ""restore the rule of law"", and would make elaborate and transparent investigations on the 1malaysia development berhad scandal possibly perpetrated by the ex-prime minister, as mahathir told the press that if najib has done something wrong, he would face the consequences."
texas descended into near-anarchy during the two months between the surrender of the army of northern virginia and the assumption of authority by (union) general gordon, as confederate forces deserted or disbanded and government property passed into private hands through distribution or plunder.	texas descended into near-anarchy during the two months between the surrender of the army of northern virginia and the assumption of authority by (union) general gordon, as confederate forces demobilized or disbanded and government property passed into private hands through distribution or plunder.
the marriage was an open one, and neither was faithful ; among her lovers was the poet george dillon, fourteen years her junior, for whom a number of her sonnets were written.	the marriage was an open one, and neither was sexually monogamous ; among her lovers was the poet george dillon, fourteen years her junior, for whom a number of her sonnets were written.
he ran as vice mayor of davao but unfortunately lost.	he ran as vice mayor of davao but lost.
after his passing , warhol was portrayed by crispin glover in oliver stone's film the doors (1991), by david bowie in basquiat, a film by julian schnabel, and by jared harris in the film i shot andy warhol directed by mary harron (1996).	after his death , warhol was portrayed by crispin glover in oliver stone's film the doors (1991), by david bowie in basquiat, a film by julian schnabel, and by jared harris in the film i shot andy warhol directed by mary harron (1996).
some artists see themselves as preachers or ministers who proselytize to non-christians or try to preach a positive message using hip-hop as a medium as in, willie will, lecrae, trip lee, and tedashii.	some artists see themselves as preachers or ministers who proselytize to non-christians or try to preach a christian message using hip-hop as a medium as in, willie will, lecrae, trip lee, and tedashii.
a beautiful bronze statue of marta on a chair seats in parque vidal.	a bronze statue of marta on a chair seats in parque vidal.
on august 19, 2002, chechen terrorists with a russian-made igla shoulder-fired surface-to-air missile hit an overloaded mil mi-26 helicopter, causing it to crash-land in a minefield and burn at the main military base at khankala near the capital city of grozny, chechnya.	on august 19, 2002, chechen rebels with a russian-made igla shoulder-fired surface-to-air missile hit an overloaded mil mi-26 helicopter, causing it to crash-land in a minefield and burn at the main military base at khankala near the capital city of grozny, chechnya.
in addition to his issues with the trinity he also had trouble with the orthodox understanding of christian atonement.	in addition to his issues with the trinity he also had trouble with the prevailing understanding of christian atonement.
"the term ""sasquatch"" sometimes refers to the unknown beings collectively, whereas ""bigfoot"" is often used to refer to an individual creature."	"the term ""sasquatch"" sometimes refers to the purported beings collectively, whereas ""bigfoot"" is often used to refer to an individual creature."
it is however difficult to directly compare christian ethical obligations to the noahide laws because christianity is a principle-based, rather than a law-based religion.	it is however difficult to directly compare christian ethical obligations to the noahide laws ; for example one claim is that christianity is a principle-based , rather than a law-based religion.
in april 2006, brown won a copyright infringement case brought by authors michael baigent and richard leigh, who claimed that brown stole ideas from their 1982 pseudohistory book holy blood holy grail for his 2003 novel the da vinci code.	in april 2006, brown won a copyright infringement case brought by authors michael baigent and richard leigh, who claimed that brown stole ideas from their 1982 book holy blood holy grail for his 2003 novel the da vinci code.
alleged syrian atrocities against prisoners	syrian atrocities against prisoners
the dogtrack scene was filmed on gandy boulevard in beautiful saint petersburg, florida	the dogtrack scene was filmed on gandy boulevard in saint petersburg, florida
in late may of 2006 it was reported in various british broadsheets and on tv channel al-jazeera that maverick mp george galloway was seeking the indictment of both george w. bush and tony blair for war crimes with regard to the latest war in iraq.	in late may of 2006 it was reported in various british broadsheets and on tv channel al-jazeera that mp george galloway was seeking the indictment of both george w. bush and tony blair for war crimes with regard to the latest war in iraq.
it is most widely known as a stage element of guitar showmanship popularized by rock 'n' roll legend chuck berry.	it is most widely known as a stage element of guitar showmanship popularized by rock 'n' roll guitarist chuck berry.
"the famous soukous band tpok jazz additionally featured the unique role of mi-solo, (meaning ""half solo"") guitarist, playing arpeggio patterns and filling a role ""between"" the lead and rhythm guitars."	"the soukous band tpok jazz additionally featured the unique role of mi-solo, (meaning ""half solo"") guitarist, playing arpeggio patterns and filling a role ""between"" the lead and rhythm guitars."
schofield is an ambassador to leading children's charity kidscape	schofield is an ambassador to children's charity kidscape
northwestern university, a leading american research university, located in evanston, illinois and chicago, illinois	northwestern university, a large american research university, located in evanston, illinois and chicago, illinois
"by the mid-1950s the company introduced several distinctive models, including the 6120 ""nashville,"" and the duo jet chambered ""solid body"", which was played by bo diddley."	"by the mid-1950s the company introduced several models, including the 6120 ""nashville,"" and the duo jet chambered ""solid body"", which was played by bo diddley."
initially, as a guerrilla organization, the plo performed military actions against israel in the 1970s and early 1980s, regarded as terroristic activities by israel and regarded as a war of liberation by the plo.	initially, as a guerrilla organization, the plo performed violent actions against israel in the 1970s and early 1980s, regarded as terroristic activities by israel and regarded as a war of liberation by the plo.
mrs. bailey died twenty-two days after her husband's passing .	mrs. bailey died twenty-two days after her husband's death .
the second film, entitled teenage mutant ninja turtles ii: the secret of the ooze, expands on the turtles' origin story while claiming the dubious distinction as vanilla ice's film debut.	the second film, entitled teenage mutant ninja turtles ii: the secret of the ooze, expands on the turtles' origin story while claiming the distinction as vanilla ice's film debut.
"his fans have called him ""the great one"", and consider him to be one of the best martial artists and most underrated action stars; yet his critics belittle his acting talent, his massive weight gain in his later career, his extensive use of body doubles in the fight scenes of his most recent movies, and his personality, calling him an arrogant womanizer with mafia connections and a habit of embellishing the truth."	"his fans have called him ""the great one"", and consider him to be one of the best martial artists and most underrated action stars; yet his critics belittle his acting talent, his weight gain in his later career, his extensive use of body doubles in the fight scenes of his most recent movies, and his personality, calling him an arrogant womanizer with mafia connections and a habit of embellishing the truth."
throughout 1868, in response to american colonization activities and attacks against them such as the sand creek massacre, a band of cheyenne indians conducted raids against american settlements throughout the great plains of kansas.	throughout 1868, in response to american settlement activities and attacks against them such as the sand creek massacre, a band of cheyenne indians conducted raids against american settlements throughout the great plains of kansas.
strangford lough (loch cuan in irish) is a lough in county down, ulster , separated from the irish sea by the ards peninsula.	strangford lough (loch cuan in irish) is a lough in county down, northern ireland , separated from the irish sea by the ards peninsula.
angular 2 recommends the use of microsoft's typescript language, which introduces the following improvements :	angular 2 recommends the use of microsoft's typescript language, which introduces the following features :
it is interesting to note that the pro-republicans were later prosecuted for breaking the swiss neutrality laws, which prohibit swiss nationals from fighting for foreign countries, while the pro- fascists were never prosecuted.	it is interesting to note that the pro-republicans were later prosecuted for breaking the swiss neutrality laws, which prohibit swiss nationals from fighting for foreign countries, while the pro- nationalists were never prosecuted.
regarding what stature and force natural rights had before some of them were enumerated, barnett acknowledges that federal courts did not have authority to enforce such rights against the states.	regarding what stature and force natural rights had before some of them were enumerated, barnett says that federal courts did not have authority to enforce such rights against the states.
on august 5, 2013, 50 police officers protected the site, arresting a 24 year old woman, who was on the roof of the site .	on august 5, 2013, 50 police officers took control of the site, arresting a 24 year old woman, who was on the roof of the site .
the current dominant opinion among secular historians and scientists is that he most likely had swarthy skin, resembling modern-day persons of middle eastern descent.	the current dominant opinion among secular historians and scientists is that he most likely had dark skin, resembling modern-day persons of middle eastern descent.
kayla suffers an anxiety attack in the bathroom, but eventually goes outside to swim, where she meets gabe, kennedys cousin.	kayla has an anxiety attack in the bathroom, but eventually goes outside to swim, where she meets gabe, kennedys cousin.
sadly she had to retire for an ongoing shoulder problem.	she had to retire for an ongoing shoulder problem.
"when the tardis crew are nationally branded as terrorists in ""the sound of drums"", the master says that the doctor's current companions ""tick every demographic box"" referring to martha's ethnicity and jack's bisexuality ."	"when the tardis crew are nationally branded as terrorists in ""the sound of drums"", the master says that the doctor's current companions ""tick every demographic box"" referring to martha's ethnicity and jack's sexual orientation ."
soon the company was partnering with an impressive array of co-branded restaurant concepts, including arbys, godfathers pizza, hardee's, carl's jr., chesters chicken, and baskin robbins.	soon the company was partnering with an array of co-branded restaurant concepts, including arbys, godfathers pizza, hardee's, carl's jr., chesters chicken, and baskin robbins.
it is the sequel to the highly successful 2004 movie, mean girls.	it is the sequel to the successful 2004 movie, mean girls.
pirated copies are also available in the country.	unofficial copies are also available in the country.
negotiations led to the end of the strike in december 2005, but controversy exists over bloomberg's mishandling of the situation.	negotiations led to the end of the strike in december 2005, but controversy exists over bloomberg's handling of the situation.
in its eloquent discussion regarding the test for obviousness.	in its discussion regarding the test for obviousness.
there are also 1300 religious missionary priests belonging to more than 70 religious families.	there are also 1300 religious missionary priests belonging to more than 70 religious congregations .
now, facing pressures from all sides of the community, starr must find her voice and stand up for what 's right.	now, facing pressures from all sides of the community, starr must find her voice and stand up for what she believes may be right.
acting from the liberal tenet that women and men are alike in important respects and, therefore, entitled to equal rights and opportunities, the movement spawned by friedan's book is embodied in now, the national organization for women, which works to secure political, professional, and educational equality for women.	acting from the tenet that women and men are alike in important respects and, therefore, entitled to equal rights and opportunities, the movement spawned by friedan's book is embodied in now, the national organization for women, which works to secure political, professional, and educational equality for women.
paisley's expenses for the financial year 2012-13 were 232,000. paisley explained that the costs covered travel and accommodation for himself and his constituency staff and none of the money benefited him''.	paisley's expenses for the financial year 2012-13 were 232,000. paisley said that the costs covered travel and accommodation for himself and his constituency staff and none of the money benefited him''.
rivkah michaeli (born 1938), israeli actress, comedienne , television hostess, and entertainer	rivkah michaeli (born 1938), israeli actress, comedian , television hostess, and entertainer
detractors both within and outside of the speaking area mistakenly cite laziness, lack of education, and the region's relative isolation as reasons for the dialect's existence.	detractors both within and outside of the speaking area cite laziness, lack of education, and the region's relative isolation as reasons for the dialect's existence.
it is especially useful culinarily owing to its ability to absorb great amounts of cooking fats, making possible extraordinarily rich dishes.	it is especially useful culinarily owing to its ability to absorb great amounts of cooking fats, making possible very rich dishes.
for example, the classification of an object sometimesdepends upon context: is it a tool or a weapon, an artifact or an ancestor?	for example, the classification of an object sometimes depends upon context: is it a tool or a weapon, an artifact or an ancestor?
david joshua rubin (born june 26, 1976) is an american populist political commentator, satirist, and talk show host.	david joshua rubin (born june 26, 1976) is an american classical liberal political commentator, satirist, and talk show host.
the remarkable engineering of the audio was routed through a huge audio mixer with slider controls utilizing german silver rheostats.	the engineering of the audio was routed through a huge audio mixer with slider controls utilizing german silver rheostats.
in the 1950s, wood made a number of low-budget genre films, now enjoyed for their technical errors, unsophisticated special effects, large amounts of ill-fitting stock footage, idiosyncratic dialogue, eccentric casts and outlandish plot elements, although his flair for showmanship gave his projects at least a modicum of critical success.	in the 1950s, wood made a number of low-budget genre films, now notable for their technical errors, unsophisticated special effects, large amounts of ill-fitting stock footage, idiosyncratic dialogue, eccentric casts and outlandish plot elements, although his flair for showmanship gave his projects at least a modicum of critical success.
in february 2016, jnu student union president kanhaiya kumar was unjustly arrested on charges of sedition under section 124-a of indian penal code(which was part of the sedition laws implemented by the british rule).	in february 2016, jnu student union president kanhaiya kumar was arrested on charges of sedition under section 124-a of indian penal code(which was part of the sedition laws implemented by the british rule).
on 26 may, he became only the eighth male player in tennis history to record 200 grand slam match wins, as he defeated facundo bagnis in straight sets in the second round of the slam.	on 26 may, he became the eighth male player in tennis history to record 200 grand slam match wins, as he defeated facundo bagnis in straight sets in the second round of the slam.
kmtc is a prestigious college with a majority of enrollments in certificate, diploma and post basic diploma levels.	kmtc is a college with a majority of enrollments in certificate, diploma and post basic diploma levels.
the current mayor of kitchener is carl zehr, who was re-elected handily to his fourth term in november 2006, after first being elected in 1997 and then re-elected in 2000 and 2003. before that, he sat as a municipal councillor from 1985-1994.	the current mayor of kitchener is carl zehr, who was re-elected to his fourth term in november 2006, after first being elected in 1997 and then re-elected in 2000 and 2003. before that, he sat as a municipal councillor from 1985-1994.
fantagraphics books inc. editor and publisher gary groth wrote an insightful critique of reinventing comics in 2001.	fantagraphics books inc. editor and publisher gary groth wrote an critique of reinventing comics in 2001.
matthew 17 states that jesus brought peter, james, and john his brother into a high mountain apart, and was transfigured before them as his face shone as the sun, and his raiment was white as snow.	matthew 17 tells us that jesus brought peter, james, and john his brother into a high mountain apart, and was transfigured before them as his face shone as the sun, and his raiment was white as snow.
five injury-stricken years at birmingham ended with a loan spell at sheffield wednesday.	five years at birmingham ended with a loan spell at sheffield wednesday.
"this he happily admitted , prior to the publication of photographic evidence of the ""story"", thus robbing the scandal-mongers of their scoop."	"this he happily confirmed , prior to the publication of photographic evidence of the ""story"", thus robbing the scandal-mongers of their scoop."
the second volume of hitler's programmatic mein kampf (which first appeared in 1926) called for lebensraum (living space for the german nation) in the east (mentioning russia specifically), and presented the communists as jews destroying a great nation (see also jewish bolshevism).	the second volume of hitler's programmatic mein kampf (which first appeared in 1926) called for lebensraum (living space for the german nation) in the east (mentioning russia specifically), and in his parochial prejudice , he portrayed the communists as jews destroying a great nation (see also jewish bolshevism).
"after the infamous news international phone hacking scandal in 2011, there are ongoing discussions about amending the law to define ""smart"" phones (i.e."	"after the news international phone hacking scandal in 2011, there are ongoing discussions about amending the law to define ""smart"" phones (i.e."
on 23 february 1942 i-17 achieved some notoriety as the first axis ship to shell the united states mainland.	on 23 february 1942 i-17 achieved some reputation as the first axis ship to shell the united states mainland.
unlike other sciences, the formal sciences are not concerned with the validity of theories based on observations in the real world.	unlike other sciences, the formal sciences are not concerned with the validity of theories based on observations in the physical world.
he also edited abul hasan ali nadwi's pioneering work, muslims in the west: message and the mission.	he also edited abul hasan ali nadwi's work, muslims in the west: message and the mission.
cosmic jackpot, also published under the title the goldilocks enigma: why is the universe just right for life?, is a 2007 non-fiction book by world-renowned physicist and cosmologist paul davies, describing the idea of a fine-tuned universe.	cosmic jackpot, also published under the title the goldilocks enigma: why is the universe just right for life?, is a 2007 non-fiction book by physicist and cosmologist paul davies, describing the idea of a fine-tuned universe.
the result of the election — held on may 4 — was a foregone conclusion: dobson, who it was alleged, had been pressured into running by the party leadership, foolishly based his campaign on claims that livingstone was an egomaniac, and the conservatives remained becalmed after their catastrophic national defeat in 1997. livingstone came out ahead in the first round of balloting with 38.1% of first-preference votes to conservative steven norris's 26.5%; dobson finished third, with only 12.8% of all first-preference votes — just ahead of liberal democrat susan kramer, with 11.6%.	the result of the election — held on may 4 — was a foregone conclusion: dobson, who it was alleged, had been pressured into running by the party leadership, unsuccessfully based his campaign on claims that livingstone was an egomaniac, and the conservatives remained becalmed after their catastrophic national defeat in 1997. livingstone came out ahead in the first round of balloting with 38.1% of first-preference votes to conservative steven norris's 26.5%; dobson finished third, with only 12.8% of all first-preference votes — just ahead of liberal democrat susan kramer, with 11.6%.
he was a sufi poet and leading chisti shaykh.	he was a sufi poet and chisti shaykh.
"he is considered by some to have been one of the so-called ""enlightened despots""."	"he is considered by some to have been one of the ""enlightened despots""."
tradition was that on march 25, 1821, bishop germanos supposedly blessed a greek flag at the monastery of agia lavra and proclaimed the national uprising against the ottoman empire.	tradition was that on march 25, 1821, bishop germanos blessed a greek flag at the monastery of agia lavra and proclaimed the national uprising against the ottoman empire.
the site contains numerous related articles, a sportscar buying/selling facility and a popular internet forum.	the site contains numerous related articles, a sportscar buying/selling facility and a internet forum.
it is also a work in progress that is barely 5 years old as of 2006, with enhanced policies, practices and software capabilities also evolving over time.	it is also a work in progress that is barely 5 years old as of 2006, with policies, practices and software capabilities also evolving over time.
"a spokesperson for the acmd clarified that ""the recent article by professor david nutt published in the journal of psychopharmacology was done in respect of his academic work and not as chair of the acmd."""	"a spokesperson for the acmd said that ""the recent article by professor david nutt published in the journal of psychopharmacology was done in respect of his academic work and not as chair of the acmd."""
prophet muhammad was born in mecca around 570 ce into the banu hashim clan, a clan in the quraish tribe.	muhammad was born in mecca around 570 ce into the banu hashim clan, a clan in the quraish tribe.
"(later retitled ""who is essjay?, probably he's ryan jordan"" after jordan's self-disclosure) was started on blog site wikipedia review, the ensuing discussion bringing to light the contradictions, yet five days later the new yorker published an interview with the ""professor""."	"(later retitled ""who is essjay?, probably he's ryan jordan"" after jordan's self-disclosure) was started on forum site wikipedia review, the ensuing discussion bringing to light the contradictions, yet five days later the new yorker published an interview with the ""professor""."
nec green rockets is a successful japanese rugby union team in the top league.	nec green rockets is a japanese rugby union team in the top league.
william brodie (28 september 1741 1 october 1788), more commonly known by his prestigious title of deacon brodie, was a scottish cabinet-maker, deacon of a trades guild, and edinburgh city councillor, who maintained a secret life as a burglar, partly for the thrill, and partly to fund his gambling.	william brodie (28 september 1741 1 october 1788), more commonly known by his title of deacon brodie, was a scottish cabinet-maker, deacon of a trades guild, and edinburgh city councillor, who maintained a secret life as a burglar, partly for the thrill, and partly to fund his gambling.
the result is a compact, centralized building with a tower vaguely reminiscent of that over the crossing of richardson's trinity church (1872) in boston.	the result is a compact, centralized building with a tower reminiscent of that over the crossing of richardson's trinity church (1872) in boston.
"conservative party leader david cameron, for example, has called on voters to ""back anyone but the bnp,"" while leftist mayor of london ken livingstone has criticized ""the politics of race hate peddled by the bnp."""	"conservative party leader david cameron, for example, has called on voters to ""back anyone but the bnp,"" while mayor of london ken livingstone has criticized ""the politics of race hate peddled by the bnp."""
alyx also has a good sense of humor, as evidenced by the jokes she makes about the combine or gordon's silence.	alyx also has a sense of humor, as evidenced by the jokes she makes about the combine or gordon's silence.
the evidence to support this idea, however, is weak .	the evidence to support this idea, however, is ambiguous .
while it was a success in canada, the woolco chain closed in the united states in 1983. europe's largest f. w. woolworth store, in manchester, england, one of two in the city center, suffered a fire in may 1979. despite the store's being rebuilt, even larger and up to the latest fire codes, the negative stories in the press, coupled with the loss of lives, sealed its fate; it finally closed in 1986. during the rebuild and partly as a result of the bad press, the british operation was isolated from the parent company as woolworths plc.	while it was a success in canada, the woolco chain closed in the united states in 1983. europe's largest f. w. woolworth store, in manchester, england, one of two in the city center, experienced a fire in may 1979. despite the store's being rebuilt, even larger and up to the latest fire codes, the negative stories in the press, coupled with the loss of lives, sealed its fate; it finally closed in 1986. during the rebuild and partly as a result of the bad press, the british operation was isolated from the parent company as woolworths plc.
in australia, lost was only the fifteenth most watched show of the night with 912 000 viewers.	in australia, lost was the fifteenth most watched show of the night with 912 000 viewers.
he was famously the only drag queen allowed to dine in the venerable majestic diner -- probably because he regularly tipped the wait staff.	he was the only drag queen allowed to dine in the venerable majestic diner -- probably because he regularly tipped the wait staff.
oban occupies a beautiful setting in the firth of lorn.	oban occupies a setting in the firth of lorn.
gnewsense is a gnu/ linux distribution based on ubuntu designed for users who wish to only use free software.	gnewsense is a linux distribution based on ubuntu designed for users who wish to only use free software.
derek smart is a noted video game designer and is currently the president and lead developer of 3000ad, inc., a video game developer based in fort lauderdale, florida.	derek smart is a video game designer and is currently the president and lead developer of 3000ad, inc., a video game developer based in fort lauderdale, florida.
"while in mexico in 1956, guevara joined fidel castro's revolutionary 26th of july movement, which seized power from the regime of the dictator general fulgencio batista in cuba in 1959. in the months after the success of the revolution, guevara was assigned the role of ""supreme prosecutor"", overseeing the trials and executions of hundreds of suspected war criminals from the previous regime."	"while in mexico in 1956, guevara joined fidel castro's revolutionary 26th of july movement, which seized power from the regime of the president general fulgencio batista in cuba in 1959. in the months after the success of the revolution, guevara was assigned the role of ""supreme prosecutor"", overseeing the trials and executions of hundreds of suspected war criminals from the previous regime."
the banned are a fictional band in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	the banned are a fictional band in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
emmett louis till (july 25, 1941  august 28, 1955) was an african-american boy who was brutally murdered in mississippi at the age of 14 after reportedly flirting with a white woman.	emmett louis till (july 25, 1941  august 28, 1955) was an african-american boy who was murdered in mississippi at the age of 14 after reportedly flirting with a white woman.
kim boasts a record of 12 wins with 1 defeat, 1 no contest and 1 controversial draw.	kim boasts a record of 12 wins with 1 defeat, 1 no contest and 1 draw.
ms. tuesday vargas comedienne and singer	ms. tuesday vargas comedian and singer
kaliningrad was extremely important to the ussr (as the westmost part of its territory, for the placement of radio and tv broadcast jammers against western propaganda and as the place of the main naval base of soviet baltic fleet).	kaliningrad was extremely important to the ussr (as the westmost part of its territory, for the placement of radio and tv broadcast jammers against western mass media and as the place of the main naval base of soviet baltic fleet).
is an advertising slogan and campaign infamously spoken by players from the winning team immediately after the super bowl.	is an advertising slogan and campaign famously spoken by players from the winning team immediately after the super bowl.
desire is a telenovela set to debut at 8 p.m. et/7 p.m. ct on september 5, 2006, on the upstart american television network my network tv.	desire is a telenovela set to debut at 8 p.m. et/7 p.m. ct on september 5, 2006, on the new american television network my network tv.
she is most widely known for the hilarious hit comedy cruel intentions 2 with robin dunne and amy adams and keri lynn pratt.	she is most widely known for the hit comedy cruel intentions 2 with robin dunne and amy adams and keri lynn pratt.
janvier's niece, emma p. spicer, going by the stage name of emma janvier, was a well-known comedienne on broadway and elsewhere from the turn of the century through the her death in the early 1920s.	janvier's niece, emma p. spicer, going by the stage name of emma janvier, was a well-known comedian on broadway and elsewhere from the turn of the century through the her death in the early 1920s.
cherry valley is a village located along the upper reaches of the kishwaukee river valley in winnebago county, with a small portion reaching into boone county, illinois.	cherry valley is a village located along the upper reaches of the kishwaukee river valley in winnebago county, with a portion reaching into boone county, illinois.
later books attempted to explore his background and how he came to be created, and the final book in the series, slappy's nightmare, was told from slappy's (third-person) pov .	later books attempted to explore his background and how he came to be created, and the final book in the series, slappy's nightmare, was told from slappy's (third-person) point of view .
also the nationality of the father nikola is disputed, and he is classified as croat , serb dalmatian and orthodox slav.	also the nationality of the father nikola is disputed, and he is classified as croat , dalmatian and orthodox slav.
since 1986 she has sympathetically covered the so-called aids denialist belief that hiv does not cause aids.	since 1986 she has sympathetically covered the aids denialist belief that hiv does not cause aids.
"gaullism (from french ""gaullisme"") is a pseudo-nationalist/jingoist french political ideology based on the thought and action of charles de gaulle."	"gaullism (from french ""gaullisme"") is a french political ideology based on the thought and action of charles de gaulle."
"he based the cantankerous walton family grandparents in the popular television series on his own maternal italian-american grandparents, ora lee and colonel anderson gianniny, an anglicized version of the italian surname ""giannini""."	"he based the walton family grandparents in the popular television series on his own maternal italian-american grandparents, ora lee and colonel anderson gianniny, an anglicized version of the italian surname ""giannini""."
in 1921 he instigated the building of a new theatre for rada which unfortunately was totally demolished by bombing in 1941. a new vanbrugh theatre was opened by queen elizabeth the queen mother in 1954 shortly before sir kenneth's retirement.	in 1921 he instigated the building of a new theatre for rada which was totally demolished by bombing in 1941. a new vanbrugh theatre was opened by queen elizabeth the queen mother in 1954 shortly before sir kenneth's retirement.
united states federal courts have ruled as unconstitutional a public school district requirement endorsing intelligent design as an alternative to evolution in science classes, on the grounds that its inclusion violates the establishment clause of the first amendment.	united states federal courts have ruled as unconstitutional a public school district requirement presenting intelligent design as an alternative to evolution in science classes, on the grounds that its inclusion violates the establishment clause of the first amendment.
parents and doctors report that autistic children who are treated for mercury poisoning recover.	parents and doctors claim that autistic children who are treated for mercury poisoning recover.
there is a spectacular view of wolfstein at the dreimrker which stands almost 300 metres above the village and close to the summit of the knigsberg.	there is a view of wolfstein at the dreimrker which stands almost 300 metres above the village and close to the summit of the knigsberg.
"the chicago tribune's kevin pang has described a matisyahu performance as ""soul-shaking brand of dancehall reggae, a show that capturesthe ska-punk of sublime."""	"the chicago tribune's kevin pang has described a matisyahu performance as ""soul-shaking brand of dancehall reggae, a show that captures both the jam band vibe of phish and the ska-punk of sublime."""
"strategically located in ""north triangle"", the mall is bound by three major thoroughfares, namely, north avenue, edsa and mindanao avenue extension."	"located in ""north triangle"", the mall is bound by three major thoroughfares, namely, north avenue, edsa and mindanao avenue extension."
baker-finch then suffered a famously difficult-to-watch complete collapse of his game.	baker-finch then suffered a famously complete collapse of his game.
son of legendary weathercaster lloyd lindsay young	son of weathercaster lloyd lindsay young
there are those who argue that this decision could potentially lead to the distruction of the canadian medicare system.	there are those who argue that this decision could potentially lead to the dismantling of the canadian medicare system.
the most well known brands are yeni rak and tekirda raks from the region of tekirda, which is famous for its superior flavour.	the most well known brands are yeni rak and tekirda raks from the region of tekirda, which is famous for its characteristic flavour.
however, he easily regained it at the next election in may 1997.	however, he regained it at the next election in may 1997.
decisive general election victory 2014	general election victory 2014
today, realizing that coercive psychiatry marginalizes and oppresses people with its harmful, controlling, and abusive practices, many who identify as anti-psychiatry activists are proponents of the complete abolition of non-consensual and coercive psychiatry.	today, believing that coercive psychiatry marginalizes and oppresses people with its harmful, controlling, and abusive practices, many who identify as anti-psychiatry activists are proponents of the complete abolition of non-consensual and coercive psychiatry.
the sanctioned protection of such type of information from public disclosure is viewed as an important legal aspect by which a society protects its overall economic vitality.	the sanctioned protection of such type of information from public disclosure is seen by some public and corporate citizens as an important legal aspect by which a society protects its overall economic vitality.
he has two sisters and seven brothers, including the well-known latin jazz musician louie cruz beltran.	he has two sisters and seven brothers, including the latin jazz musician louie cruz beltran.
in season 6 the top model will receive a 1 million super modelling contract with europe's biggest modelling agency models 1 ( naomi campbell , cindy crawford, agyness deyn, linda evangelista, kate moss, claudia schiffer, twiggy), a 6 page fashion editorial spread as well as the front cover in fashion magazine company magazine and a 100,000 cosmetics contract with revlon cosmetics which will see the winner do a make-up shoot for revlon's new colorburst lipstick as well as becoming the face of revlon's new autumn/winter 2010 trend collection that launches in the uk in november.	in season 6 the top model will receive a 1 million modelling contract with europe's biggest modelling agency models 1 (naomi campbell, cindy crawford, agyness deyn, linda evangelista, kate moss, claudia schiffer, twiggy), a 6 page fashion editorial spread as well as the front cover in fashion magazine company magazine and a 100,000 cosmetics contract with revlon cosmetics which will see the winner do a make-up shoot for revlon's new colorburst lipstick as well as becoming the face of revlon's new autumn/winter 2010 trend collection that launches in the uk in november.
conventional click -to-focus model not supported; rather, it uses a combination of focus-follows-mouse and keyboard focus switch	click -to-focus model not supported; rather, it uses a combination of focus-follows-mouse and keyboard focus switch
then following several bloody clashes between iraqi forces and kurdish troops, an uneasy and shaky balance of power was reached, and the iraqi regime withdrew its military and other personnel from the region in october 1991. at the same time, iraq imposed an economic blockade over the region, reducing its oil and food supplies.	then following several bloody clashes between iraqi forces and kurdish troops, an uneasy and shaky balance of power was reached, and the iraqi government withdrew its military and other personnel from the region in october 1991. at the same time, iraq imposed an economic blockade over the region, reducing its oil and food supplies.
this charge has been rejected by the society which reaffirmed that it is non-partisan (although the society does have prominent neo-conservative supporters).	this label has been rejected by the society which reaffirmed that it is non-partisan (although the society does have prominent neo-conservative supporters).
"alvin plantinga's contributions to epistemology include an argument which he dubs ""reformed epistemology""."	"alvin plantinga's contributions to epistemology include an argument which he refers to as ""reformed epistemology""."
other venues that tns had expressed interest in were cardiff's millennium stadium and everton's magnificent homeground, goodison park.	other venues that tns had expressed interest in were cardiff's millennium stadium and everton's homeground, goodison park.
since this church has no headquarters and each congregation is independent, the teachings may vary somewhat, but overall there is a remarkable degree of uniformity among churches of christ in each region.	since this church has no headquarters and each congregation is independent, the teachings may vary somewhat, but overall there is a considerable degree of uniformity among churches of christ in each region.
the stunning alpine setting through which some of the chases passed was another memorable aspect of the film.	the alpine setting through which some of the chases passed was another memorable aspect of the film.
"benjamin franklin butler (november 5, 1818 january 11, 1893) was an american lawyer, politician, and a controversial ""political generals"" of the american civil war."	"benjamin franklin butler (november 5, 1818 january 11, 1893) was an american lawyer, politician, and one of the most controversial ""political generals"" of the american civil war."
only , running from newbury to hazens notch near the canadian border, were constructed between 1776 and 1779 during the american revolutionary war.	, running from newbury to hazens notch near the canadian border, were constructed between 1776 and 1779 during the american revolutionary war.
james jesse strang (march 21, 1813 july 9, 1856) was an american religious leader, politician and self-proclaimed monarch who founded the church of jesus christ of latter day saints (strangite), a faction of the latter day saint movement.	james jesse strang (march 21, 1813 july 9, 1856) was an american religious leader, politician and monarch who founded the church of jesus christ of latter day saints (strangite), a faction of the latter day saint movement.
the manchu-founded qing dynasty ruled taiwan from 1683 to 1895. the qing court sent an army led by general shi lang and annexed taiwan in 1683.	the qing dynasty ruled taiwan from 1683 to 1895. the qing court sent an army led by general shi lang and annexed taiwan in 1683.
"the russian bear was immortalized in the lyrics of the ramones' song ""the crusher"", from their final album, ""adios amigos."""	"the russian bear was mentioned in the lyrics of the ramones' song ""the crusher"", from their final album, ""adios amigos."""
due to ongoing paramilitary conflict, colombia is a country that offers little protection for isolated groups.	due to ongoing conflict, colombia is a country that offers little protection for isolated groups.
josie lawrence (born 1959), british comedienne and actress	josie lawrence (born 1959), british comedian and actress
the operation was precipitated when, on june 26, in a joint raid by the military wing of hamas, the popular resistance committees and jaish al-islam (army of islam), on an israeli military post near kerem shalom in israel, two israeli soldiers were killed, four more injured and idf corporal gilad shalit was kidnapped .	the operation was precipitated when, on june 26, in a joint raid by the military wing of hamas, the popular resistance committees and jaish al-islam (army of islam), on an israeli military post near kerem shalom in israel, two israeli soldiers were killed, four more injured and idf corporal gilad shalit was captured .
the heart, as the universal symbol of love of god and mankind .	the heart, as the universal symbol of love of god and humankind .
proprietary interfaces using both four and five conductor versions exist, notably the audio connector on the ipod mp3 player, where the extra conductors are used to supply power for accessories.	proprietary interfaces using both four and five conductor versions exist, such as the audio connector on the ipod mp3 player, where the extra conductors are used to supply power for accessories.
the fort worth star-telegram is a major u.s. daily newspaper serving fort worth and the western half of the north texas area known as the metroplex.	the fort worth star-telegram is a u.s. daily newspaper serving fort worth and the western half of the north texas area known as the metroplex.
the shared valley of the lea and the beane is called hartham common and this provides a large attractive park to one side of the town centre running towards ware and lying below the ridge upon which bengeo is situated.	the shared valley of the lea and the beane is called hartham common and this provides a large park to one side of the town centre running towards ware and lying below the ridge upon which bengeo is situated.
this has led many people today, completely ignorant of the history of tennis, to rank emerson as one of the greatest players who ever lived.	this has led many people today, ignorant of the history of tennis, to rank emerson as one of the greatest players who ever lived.
ernst moritz arndt (26 december 1769 29 january 1860) was a german patriotic author and poet.	ernst moritz arndt (26 december 1769 29 january 1860) was a german nationalist and antisemitic author and poet.
he appeared as the character 'steadfast' in the second episode of the 10th series of the bbc1 hit series doctor who in 2017.	he appeared as the character 'steadfast' in the second episode of the 10th series of the bbc1 series doctor who in 2017.
the station decided to dismiss hannity, but shortly after reversed its decision, thanks in part to a campaign conducted by the santa barbara chapter of the american civil liberties union.	the station decided to dismiss hannity, but shortly after reversed its decision, due in part to a campaign conducted by the santa barbara chapter of the american civil liberties union.
edie adams, singer, actress and comedienne (it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world, the apartment), began her career with and later married ernie kovacs.	edie adams, singer, actress and comedian (it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world, the apartment), began her career with and later married ernie kovacs.
in order to ensure that the referendum was conducted fairly and that its result could not be dismissed, the government of gibraltar invited a panel of distinguished observers headed by gerald kaufman, mp.	in order to ensure that the referendum was conducted fairly and that its result could not be dismissed, the government of gibraltar invited a panel of observers headed by gerald kaufman, mp.
one of the most notable velvet revolution heroes is vaclav havel, who became the first president of the independent czech republic .	one of the most notable velvet revolution figures is vaclav havel, who became the first president of the independent czech republic .
kola nuts are perhaps best known to western culture as a flavouring ingredient and the source of caffeine in coca cola and other similarly flavoured beverages.	kola nuts are perhaps best known to western culture as a flavouring ingredient and the source of caffeine in cola and other similarly flavoured beverages.
a set of photos taken by various press photographers show a lebanese gunman with a raging fire in the background; ynetnews quoted controversial commentator michelle malkin as saying that the fire came from a set of burning tires in a garbage dump.	a set of photos taken by various press photographers show a lebanese gunman with a raging fire in the background; ynetnews quoted american right-wing commentator michelle malkin as saying that the fire came from a set of burning tires in a garbage dump.
they met at 4:00pm at the mango caf, a popular shawarma joint in a strip mall on alta vista drive at bank street.	they met at 4:00pm at the mango caf, a popular shawarma restaurant in a strip mall on alta vista drive at bank street.
"arriving at the town hall for a scheduled reception, franz ferdinand showed understandable signs of stress, interrupting a prepared speech of welcome by mayor curcic to protest ""mr. mayor, i came here on a visit and i get bombs thrown at me."	"arriving at the town hall for a scheduled reception, franz ferdinand showed signs of stress, interrupting a prepared speech of welcome by mayor curcic to protest ""mr. mayor, i came here on a visit and i get bombs thrown at me."
on day 57 he was evicted following an argument with fellow housemate shell jubin, after which a deranged fan of victor's sent death threats to shell's parents house.	on day 57 he was evicted following an argument with fellow housemate shell jubin, after which a fan of victor's sent death threats to shell's parents house.
throughout this book, lry describes his fascinating voyage across the atlantic to brazil.	throughout this book, lry describes his voyage across the atlantic to brazil.
it has since become a standard text in high school and university courses on american literature in countries around the world, and is ranked #2 on the modern library's list of the 100 greatest novels of the 20th century.	the great gatsby has since become a standard text in high school and university courses on american literature in countries around the world, and is ranked #2 on the modern library's list of the 100 greatest novels of the 20th century.
several witnesses testified in support of clarence thomas and refuted hill's testimony.	several witnesses testified in support of clarence thomas and rebutted hill's testimony.
melbourne hosts a disproportionately large number of spectator sports.	melbourne hosts a large number of spectator sports.
humans (taxonomically, homo sapien) are the only extant member of the subtribe hominina.	the human (taxonomically, homo sapien) are the only extant member of the subtribe hominina.
interestingly the function changing the length ap to qc is self inverse.	the function changing the length ap to qc is self inverse.
whopper is also danish slang for an american (see list of ethnic slurs)	whopper is also danish slang for an overweight tourist from the usa (see list of ethnic slurs)
viktor suvorov (; real name vladimir rezun : ) (born april 20, 1947) is a russian writer and non-professional historian.	viktor suvorov (; real name vladimir rezun : ) (born april 20, 1947) is a russian writer and historian.
it also defines the tools to replace the unit (usually nothing more than a #2 phillips-head screwdriver, and the bulk and weight (they always need to be carried by one man , and fit through a door, if possible).	it also defines the tools to replace the unit (usually nothing more than a #2 phillips-head screwdriver, and the bulk and weight (they always need to be carried by one person , and fit through a door, if possible).
!paus3 has been selected by mtv & 495 productions along with other legendary djs to	!paus3 has been selected by mtv & 495 productions along with other djs to
virgin atlantic, a successful worldwide airline owned by richard branson of the virgin group	virgin atlantic, a worldwide airline owned by richard branson of the virgin group
few nations have expressed concern about human rights in the country, including prisoners and incommunicado detention; prohibitions or severe restrictions on the freedoms of speech, press, peaceful assembly and association, and religion; the right of citizens to change their government; systemat again women and ethnic and religious rities; and suppression of rights.	some nations have expressed concern about human rights in the country, including prisoners and incommunicado detention; prohibitions or severe restrictions on the freedoms of speech, press, peaceful assembly and association, and religion; the right of citizens to change their government; systemat again women and ethnic and religious rities; and suppression of rights.
messianic judaism is a syncretalist religious movement that differs from mainstream christianity and from judaism by combining elements of each into a single faith.	messianic judaism is a religious movement that differs from mainstream christianity and from judaism by combining elements of each into a single faith.
"the dilemma posed by the strange name is highlighted in the bedroom philosopher song, ""golden gaytime""."	"the dilemma posed by the name is highlighted in the bedroom philosopher song, ""golden gaytime""."
"arthouse has been a part of many chart-topping hits including cassie's ""me & u"" (written and produced by ryan leslie), jim jones' ""we fly high"" (written and produced by zukhan bey), nick lachey's ""what's left of me"", david archuleta's hit single ""crush"" (written and produced by eman kiriakou), mika's ""grace kelly"" and also onerepublic's ""apologize"" and ""stop and stare"" (all produced by greg wells), and faith hill's ""lost"" (written and produced by kara dioguardi and mitch allan)."	"arthouse has been a part of many chart-topping hits including cassie's ""me & u"" (written and produced by ryan leslie), jim jones' ""we fly high"" (written and produced by zukhan bey), nick lachey's ""what's left of me"", david archuleta's single ""crush"" (written and produced by eman kiriakou), mika's ""grace kelly"" and also onerepublic's ""apologize"" and ""stop and stare"" (all produced by greg wells), and faith hill's ""lost"" (written and produced by kara dioguardi and mitch allan)."
the origin of the original gondola started at the current location of the skyship loading station, just off of us route 4. the original gondola had three segments between stations, while the skyeship, erected in 1994, only has two.	the origin of the original gondola started at the current location of the skyship loading station, just off of us route 4. the original gondola had three segments between stations, while the skyeship, erected in 1994, has two.
bert salzman (born 1931) is an oscar-winning american writer and director.	bert salzman (born 1931) is an american writer and director.
in december 2012, littlejohn wrote an article attacking the decision of a teacher, lucy meadows, to return to teach at the same school after transition from male to female, rather than choosing another school to teach at.	in december 2012, littlejohn wrote an article criticizing the decision of a teacher, lucy meadows, to return to teach at the same school after transition from male to female, rather than choosing another school to teach at.
he was a spokesman for modernization, banking, and industry, but not for the common people who composed the base of his enemies in jacksonian democracy.	he was a spokesman for modernization, banking, and industry, but not for the common people who composed the base of his opponents in jacksonian democracy.
"thornton joked that canadian audiences were like mashed potatoes without the gravy""."	"thornton complained that canadian audiences were like mashed potatoes without the gravy""."
the first cadet captain took power at the beginning of the 2009/2010 school year.	the first cadet captain took command at the beginning of the 2009/2010 school year.
the twentieth century began under the military regime of the united states with officials, including the governor, appointed by the president of the united states.	the twentieth century began under the military rule of the united states with officials, including the governor, appointed by the president of the united states.
two nations emerged in what is now argentina:	two states emerged in what is now argentina:
however, on election day, he fell very short of expectations, receiving just 90,816 votes (1.6%) and coming in fourth place behind cuomo, republican challenger marc molinaro and green party candidate howie hawkins.	however, on election day, he fell very short of expectations, receiving 90,816 votes (1.6%) and coming in fourth place behind cuomo, republican challenger marc molinaro and green party candidate howie hawkins.
garcia's claim that the ball was not catchable has been disputed.	garcia's contention that the ball was not catchable has been disputed.
the wyche inn is a public house situated in upper wyche and is the county's highest pub, with spectacular views to the east overlooking the severn valley.	the wyche inn is a public house situated in upper wyche and is the county's highest pub, with views to the east overlooking the severn valley.
prior to the conversion of the natives to christianity, maria makiling was already known as makiling, an anito sent by bathala in mount makiling to aid mankind in their daily tasks.	prior to the conversion of the natives to christianity, maria makiling was already known as makiling, an anito sent by bathala in mount makiling to aid humankind in their daily tasks.
"jewish-american comedienne sarah silverman asked israeli voters to choose meretz in the 17 march 2015 election, in a recent tweet: ""israel!"	"jewish-american comedian sarah silverman asked israeli voters to choose meretz in the 17 march 2015 election, in a recent tweet: ""israel!"
tory action was a radical right-wing pressure group within the british conservative party, founded by in november 1974 by george kennedy young and airey neave and right-wing defectors from the monday club.	tory action was a right-wing pressure group within the british conservative party, founded by in november 1974 by george kennedy young and airey neave and right-wing defectors from the monday club.
however , some counter that the bursting of the united states housing bubble was widely forecast before kunstler began discussing it.	still , some counter that the bursting of the united states housing bubble was widely forecast before kunstler began discussing it.
"he issued a fatwa (edict) in 2014 denouncing the so-called islamic state (daesh) declaration of ""caliphate"" and its leader abu bakr al-baghdadi as ""invalid, null and void"" from every aspect, every angle of the islamic sharia law."	"he issued a fatwa (edict) in 2014 denouncing the islamic state (daesh) declaration of ""caliphate"" and its leader abu bakr al-baghdadi as ""invalid, null and void"" from every aspect, every angle of the islamic sharia law."
it was coined during the english reformation to indicate one who believed in papal supremacy over all christians.	it was coined during the english reformation to indicate one who believed in papal primacy over all christians.
he tragically died in an automobile accident in september of 1997.	he died in an automobile accident in september of 1997.
the intelligent design movement arose out of slanderous an organized neo-creationist campaign to promote a religious agenda calling for broad social, academic and political changes employing intelligent design arguments in the public sphere, primarily in the united states.	the intelligent design movement arose out of an organized neo-creationist campaign to promote a religious agenda calling for broad social, academic and political changes employing intelligent design arguments in the public sphere, primarily in the united states.
an iconic ninja series is the manga/anime naruto.	an popular ninja series is the manga/anime naruto.
ja, ich will was a collaboration with german comedienne hella von sinnen, calling for the introduction of same-sex marriage.	ja, ich will was a collaboration with german comedian hella von sinnen, calling for the introduction of same-sex marriage.
after graduating from grinnell college with a ba in english literature in 1964, and despite having been accepted at the prestigious iowa writers' workshop, peter coyote moved to the west coast to pursue a master's degree in creative writing at san francisco state university.	after graduating from grinnell college with a ba in english literature in 1964, and despite having been accepted at the iowa writers' workshop, peter coyote moved to the west coast to pursue a master's degree in creative writing at san francisco state university.
meanwhile, the motley fool editor sam mattera thinks that nintendo could be forced to discontinue the wii u in 2014, mainly thanks to poor sales and the increased competition.	meanwhile, the motley fool editor sam mattera thinks that nintendo could be forced to discontinue the wii u in 2014, mainly due to poor sales and the increased competition.
"blink-182 ( sometimes typeset ""blink-182"", to fit album art and promotional material) was a band that originally formed in 1992 by mark hoppus (vocals and bass), tom delonge (vocals and guitar) and scott raynor (drums) in poway, california, a northern suburb of san diego."	"blink-182 ( officially typeset ""blink-182"", to fit album art and promotional material) was a band that originally formed in 1992 by mark hoppus (vocals and bass), tom delonge (vocals and guitar) and scott raynor (drums) in poway, california, a northern suburb of san diego."
guy aitchison (born 1968) is a renowned tattoo artist and a painter born in michigan.	guy aitchison (born 1968) is a tattoo artist and a painter born in michigan.
the critical response to the series finale was predictably mixed and deeply polarized.	the critical response to the series finale was mixed and deeply polarized.
a design that a common man sees is just the walls and windows but a detailed design that is abstracted from the outsider are also present with the architect.	a design that a common person sees is just the walls and windows but a detailed design that is abstracted from the outsider are also present with the architect.
halle , is a flemish- belgian city and municipality in the district (arrondissement) halle-vilvoorde of the province flemish brabant.	halle , is a belgian city and municipality in the district (arrondissement) halle-vilvoorde of the province flemish brabant.
the concept has been given significant coverage by masculist activists and authors tom leykis, glenn sacks, and wendy mcelroy	the concept has been given significant coverage by activists and authors tom leykis, glenn sacks, and wendy mcelroy
both eventually retired under bush, and were replaced by conservatives john roberts and samuel alito.	both eventually retired under bush, and were replaced by john roberts and samuel alito.
until gecko upgraded to gpl-compatible, mpl 2.0.	until gecko changed to gpl-compatible, mpl 2.0.
however it should be noted that consul horton was transferred from journalism to diplomacy and all his diplomacy career was based on the greek side (as consul of athens, salonica and finally zmir during the greek invasion ).	however it should be noted that consul horton was transferred from journalism to diplomacy and all his diplomacy career was based on the greek side (as consul of athens, salonica and finally zmir during the greek occupation ).
political pressure began to build on the united states and the governing council of iraq as the rebel-controlled hospital of fallujah continued to report high numbers of civilian casualties, inflaming further the iraqi people and muslim world in general.	political pressure began to build on the united states and the governing council of iraq as the hospital of fallujah continued to report high numbers of civilian casualties, inflaming further the iraqi people and muslim world in general.
until rwanda's full independence in 1962 , he continued to serve as belgium's high representative.	until rwanda's full independence in 1962, he continued to serve as belgium's representative.
lorella cravotta (born 9 april 1958) is a french comedienne and actress.	lorella cravotta (born 9 april 1958) is a french comedian and actress.
the plo then began to use this territory to launch artillery strikes on and infiltrate into israel, attacking and killing israeli civilians .	the plo then began to use this territory to launch artillery strikes on and infiltrate into israel, attacking and killing israeli 's .
kolbe is a member of various liberal republican groups such as the log cabin republicans, the republican main street partnership, the republican majority for choice, republicans for choice, republicans for environmental protection and it's my party too.	kolbe is a member of various republican groups such as the log cabin republicans, the republican main street partnership, the republican majority for choice, republicans for choice, republicans for environmental protection and it's my party too.
national front (france), a far-right-wing french political party	national front (france), a controversial french political party
the principal waves of migration have been in c. 600 bc (celts, although these days there is a strong view that the 'celtic' culture spread to britain through acculturation rather than migration), the roman period (garrison soldiers from throughout the empire), 350–550 (angles, saxons, jutes and other west germanic groups), 800–900 (vikings, danes), 1066 (normans), 1650–1750 (european refugees such as the huguenots), 1840–1850 (irish), 1880–1940 (irish, jews), 1950— (irish, caribbeans, africans, south asians), 1985— (citizens of european community member states especially ireland, east europeans, iranians, kurds, refugees).	the principal waves of migration have been in c. 600 bc (celts, although these days there is a view that the 'celtic' culture spread to britain through acculturation rather than migration), the roman period (garrison soldiers from throughout the empire), 350–550 (angles, saxons, jutes and other west germanic groups), 800–900 (vikings, danes), 1066 (normans), 1650–1750 (european refugees such as the huguenots), 1840–1850 (irish), 1880–1940 (irish, jews), 1950— (irish, caribbeans, africans, south asians), 1985— (citizens of european community member states especially ireland, east europeans, iranians, kurds, refugees).
however, it is likely that a fourth season will come into existance, as in the first episode, wuya told jack that there were hundreds of shen gong wu, and so far, only 75 have been revealed.	however, it is likely that a fourth season can come into existance, as in the first episode, wuya told jack that there were hundreds of shen gong wu, and so far, only 75 have been revealed.
it borders the present-day indian- annexed state of jammu and kashmir to the east, the federally administered northern areas (fana) to the north, and the north-west frontier province of pakistan to the west.	it borders the present-day indian- controled state of jammu and kashmir to the east, the federally administered northern areas (fana) to the north, and the north-west frontier province of pakistan to the west.
"finkelstein in his doctoral thesis, by minutely examining all of the sources peters harvested and the way she used her evidence, concluded that the book, elsewhere acclaimed as a breakthrough into a balanced perspective on jewish-palestinian demographics, was nothing more than a what he now calls a ""monumental hoax""."	"finkelstein in his doctoral thesis, by examining all of the sources peters harvested and the way she used her evidence, concluded that the book, elsewhere acclaimed as a breakthrough into a balanced perspective on jewish-palestinian demographics, was nothing more than a what he now calls a ""monumental hoax""."
laura elizabeth fowler (born april 1st, 1993), better known by her screen name of blair fowler, is a youtube make up guru under the usernames juicystar07 and otherjuicystar07.	laura elizabeth fowler (born april 1st, 1993), better known by her screen name of blair fowler, is a youtube make up instructor under the usernames juicystar07 and otherjuicystar07.
he spent four unsuccessful seasons with the club before joining al-rayyan after the 2003–04 season.	he spent four seasons with the club before joining al-rayyan after the 2003–04 season.
following these reverses, president rivera elevated the italian freedom-fighter giuseppe garibaldi to colonel and created the command of the 2 divisin de la escuadra oriental, transferring most of coe's ships to the new fleet.	following these reverses, president rivera elevated the italian general giuseppe garibaldi to colonel and created the command of the 2 divisin de la escuadra oriental, transferring most of coe's ships to the new fleet.
wayne barrett in the village voice has argued that andrew cuomo made a series of decisions between 1997 and 2001 that gave birth to the country's current crisis:	wayne barrett in the village voice has argued that andrew cuomo made a series of decisions between 1997 and 2001 that helped give birth to the country's current crisis:
crocker lives with his devoutly pentecostal grandparents;	crocker lives with his pentecostal grandparents;
jesse michael anderson (1957 november 30, 1994) was a convicted american murderer who was himself murdered in prison, along with infamous serial killer jeffrey dahmer, by fellow inmate christopher scarver.	jesse michael anderson (1957 november 30, 1994) was a convicted american murderer who was himself murdered in prison, along with serial killer jeffrey dahmer, by fellow inmate christopher scarver.
"pretty good dance moves has collaborated with genevieve schatz from chicago band company of thieves, american comedienne kristen schaal famously known from hbo series flight of the conchords in the making of the music video for the song ""demons dancing"" and america's next top model runner up shandy sullivan in the making of the music video for ""in the heat of the night""."	"pretty good dance moves has collaborated with genevieve schatz from chicago band company of thieves, american comedian kristen schaal famously known from hbo series flight of the conchords in the making of the music video for the song ""demons dancing"" and america's next top model runner up shandy sullivan in the making of the music video for ""in the heat of the night""."
othe soon the indian government had to take remedial measures, both judicial and law enforcement, to curb the menace and efforts were made to sensitize the police about the issue, and police started rounding up eve teasers.	othe soon the indian government had to take remedial measures, both judicial and law enforcement, to curb the practice and efforts were made to sensitize the police about the issue, and police started rounding up eve teasers.
the group is credited with having significant influence on the alternative rock boom of the 1990s.	the group is credited with having an influence on the alternative rock boom of the 1990s.
such a sanction is rare and is carried out only after many attempts at reconciliation and on someone who is flagrantly and repeatedly violating standards of behaviour .	such a sanction is rare and is carried out only after many attempts at reconciliation and on someone who is flagrantly and repeatedly violating standards of behavior that the church insists on .
considerable controversy exists as to whether the amendment was lawfully ratified.	controversy exists as to whether the amendment was lawfully ratified.
columbia community college is the local institute of higher education and sonora is within excruciating driving distance of the new university of california, merced.	columbia community college is the local institute of higher education and sonora is within driving distance of the new university of california, merced.
they organized a militia ( probably the strongest militia in the lebanon war) under the leadership of walid jumblatt, (son of kamal jumblatt), in opposition to the maronite christian phalangist militia of bachir gemayel.	they organized a militia ( one of the strongest militia in the lebanon war) under the leadership of walid jumblatt, (son of kamal jumblatt), in opposition to the maronite christian phalangist militia of bachir gemayel.
one bc-winnipeg matchup in 1960 was held not on the west coast but in cedar rapids, iowa, presumably because both teams had a number of former university of iowa stars, including willie mitchell, who scored the lions' only touchdown in a 137 loss in front of 12,583.	one bcwinnipeg matchup in 1960 was held not on the west coast but in cedar rapids, iowa, presumably because both teams had a number of former university of iowa stars, including willie mitchell, who scored the lions' only touchdown in a 137 loss in front of 12,583.
the overwhelming majority of debian users run debian gnu/ linux, rather than debian gnu/hurd.	the overwhelming majority of debian users run debian with linux, rather than debian gnu/hurd.
the funicular has operated on two different sites, using the same cars and iconic station elements.	the funicular has operated on two different sites, using the same cars and station elements.
"special : the ""special"" status of the the players championship is based on the fact that it is the only event apart from the majors and the world golf championships which attracts entries from almost all of the world's elite golfers."	"unique : the ""special"" status of the the players championship is based on the fact that it is the only event apart from the majors and the world golf championships which attracts entries from almost all of the world's elite golfers."
he is the founder and former publisher of the western standard, hosts the source daily on sun news network, and has written several books on right-wing politics.	he is the founder and former publisher of the western standard, hosts the source daily on sun news network, and has written several books on politics.
while critically distinguishing the historical jesus from the visionary portrayal in the gospels and other christian writings, flusser saw jesus as an authentic jew, misunderstood by his followers.	while critically distinguishing the historical jesus from the portrayal in the gospels and other christian writings, flusser saw jesus as an authentic jew, misunderstood by his followers.
studies, surveys, and opinions vary in their reported outcomes though in general lean from neutral to very positive.	studies, surveys, and opinions vary in their reported outcomes though in general lean from neutral to positive.
in 2005, conservative federal judge laurence silberman stated that moyers denied writing the memo in a 1975 phone call, an claim that moyers disputes.	in 2005, federal judge laurence silberman stated that moyers denied writing the memo in a 1975 phone call, an claim that moyers disputes.
frittenden road was a railway station on the kent and east sussex railway which closed in 1954. the wooden station building had been derelict for years was sadly destroyed by fire in october 2003.	frittenden road was a railway station on the kent and east sussex railway which closed in 1954. the wooden station building had been derelict for years was destroyed by fire in october 2003.
shortly after (september 9, 1922) the turks liberated smyrna.	shortly after (september 9, 1922) the turks took smyrna.
other revenge attacks included the suicide bombing of an israeli bus on march 3, 1996, and the march 4th bombing of dizengoff center.	other attacks included the suicide bombing of an israeli bus on march 3, 1996, and the march 4th bombing of dizengoff center.
in addition, a study on mice found that abusing oxycodone during adolescence may sensitize the brain's reward system, possibly predisposing to later addiction.	in addition, a study on mice found that using oxycodone during adolescence may sensitize the brain's reward system, possibly predisposing to later addiction.
while brahma is often credited as the creator of the universe and various beings in it, many puranas describe him being born from a lotus emerging from the navel of the god vishnu.	while brahma is often credited as the creator of the universe and various beings in it, several vishnu-focussed puranas describe him being born from a lotus emerging from the navel of the god vishnu.
jones frequently pushes the white genocide conspiracy theory.	jones frequently promotes the white genocide conspiracy theory.
the obama administration has re-focused us involvement in the conflict on the withdrawal of its troops from iraq, the controversial closing of guantanamo bay detention camp, and increasing the number of troops in afghanistan.	the obama administration has re-focused us involvement in the conflict on the withdrawal of its troops from iraq, the closing of guantanamo bay detention camp, and increasing the number of troops in afghanistan.
the mass burial of the casualties was held to be a violation of the geneva conventions.	the mass burial of the casualties was asserted to be a violation of the geneva conventions.
von delius died at the age of only 25 years old at the nrburgring circuit during the 1937 german grand prix, having suffered a fatal collision with richard seaman.	von delius died at the age of 25 years old at the nrburgring circuit during the 1937 german grand prix, having suffered a fatal collision with richard seaman.
in 2000 she investigated female circumcision in the somali community in norway.	in 2000 she investigated female genital cutting in the somali community in norway.
bagh-e-jinnah (urdu: ) is a beautiful historical garden in the city of lahore, pakistan.	bagh-e-jinnah (urdu: ) is a historical garden in the city of lahore, pakistan.
pingree was also criticized during her 2010 re-election campaign for personal travel on sussman 's corporate jet.	pingree was also criticized during her 2010 re-election campaign for personal travel on her husband 's corporate jet.
we the people is a popular television talk show in india and running over ndtv.	we the people is a television talk show in india and running over ndtv.
kakutani drew major criticism from harry potter fans when she proceeded to write a review in the new york times giving away the book's plot.	kakutani drew criticism from harry potter fans when she proceeded to write a review in the new york times giving away the book's plot.
rita hayworth's legendary hand and footprints.	rita hayworth's hand and footprints.
is a franchise/ football club in milton keynes, england.	is a football club in milton keynes, england.
despite this, they reached the fa cup final again, where they unluckily lost to bolton.	despite this, they reached the fa cup final again, where they lost to bolton.
the opening of his book aptly describes his despair with the current state of the world and how it is at war with homeostasis.	the opening of his book describes his despair with the current state of the world and how it is at war with homeostasis.
recent talks between israel and the palestinian authority have raised the possibility of reviving the old line from the gaza strip to tulkarm and/or building a new line from gaza to tarkumia (near hebron) with the aim of securely transporting people and goods between gaza and the west bank through sovereign israeli territory as well as for transporting cargo to and from the israeli port of ashdod destined to the palestinian authority.	recent talks between israel and the palestinian authority have raised the possibility of reviving the old line from the gaza strip to tulkarm and/or building a new line from gaza to tarkumia (near hebron) with the aim of securely transporting people and goods between gaza and the west bank through israeli territory as well as for transporting cargo to and from the israeli port of ashdod destined to the palestinian authority.
failed attempts to return to filmmaking (1990-2011)	attempts to return to filmmaking (1990-2011)
"fire rangers, anticipating the upcoming ""burn"" season, had requested to stay in the area but permission was unfortunately not granted."	"fire rangers, anticipating the upcoming ""burn"" season, had requested to stay in the area but permission was not granted."
he gave a heartfelt farewell message on the show to his co-host david hookes after his passing in 2004. hookes was later replaced on the show by dwayne russell.	he gave a heartfelt farewell message on the show to his co-host david hookes after his death in 2004. hookes was later replaced on the show by dwayne russell.
the russian orthodox church (roc); or the moscow patriarchate (russian: (russkaya pravoslavnaya tserkov), or (moskovskiy patriarkhat) (the latter designation being another official name ) since 1943, (pomestnaya rossiyskaya pravoslavnaya tserkov) before the reinstitution in 1943), also known as the orthodox christian church of russia, is a body of christians who constitute an autocephalous eastern orthodox church under the jurisdiction of the patriarch of moscow, nominally in communion with the other eastern orthodox churches.	the russian orthodox church (roc); or the moscow patriarchate (russian: (russkaya pravoslavnaya tserkov), or (moskovskiy patriarkhat) (the latter designation being another official name ) since 1943, (pomestnaya rossiyskaya pravoslavnaya tserkov) before the reinstitution in 1943), also known as the orthodox christian church of russia, is a body of christians who constitute an autocephalous eastern orthodox church under the jurisdiction of the patriarch of moscow, in communion with the other eastern orthodox churches.
"hutton responded critically to ward's assertions , highlighting his own investigations into the local folklore and his interview with taylor to express the view that there ""seems little doubt"" that pickingill was a cunning man, although ""there are still questions over what sort of one he was""."	"hutton responded critically to ward's claims , highlighting his own investigations into the local folklore and his interview with taylor to express the view that there ""seems little doubt"" that pickingill was a cunning man, although ""there are still questions over what sort of one he was""."
donegal is a remote partly irish-speaking highland-county in northwestern ireland and one of the three counties of the northern irish province of ulster that are part of the republic of ireland.	donegal is a partly irish-speaking highland-county in northwestern ireland and one of the three counties of the northern irish province of ulster that are part of the republic of ireland.
during the reconstruction era, belknap's war department and the u.s. military worked under supervision of president ulysses s. grant and the u.s. attorney general's office to vigorously impose the mandates of this policy upon the defeated south.	during the reconstruction era, belknap's war department and the u.s. military worked under supervision of president ulysses s. grant and the u.s. attorney general's office to vigorously enforce the mandates of this policy upon the defeated south.
liten, notorious for treacherous murder of the latvian army officers by nkvd in june 1941.	liten, notorious for murder of the latvian army officers by nkvd in june 1941.
a useful definition of the three ways of thinking about a declaration of war were developed by saikrishna prakash.	a definition of the three ways of thinking about a declaration of war were developed by saikrishna prakash.
"yoda, standing only 2' 2"" (0.66 m) tall, is one of the members of the jedi council and arguably the wisest and most powerful jedi master ever in the star wars universe, even toward his demise, though the toll of his great age is noticeable."	"yoda, standing only 2' 2"" (0.66 m) tall, is one of the members of the jedi council and arguably the wisest and most powerful jedi master in the star wars universe, even toward his demise, though the toll of his great age is noticeable."
boginskaya's long-time coach lyubov miromanova tragically committed suicide just three days after the olympics.	boginskaya's long-time coach lyubov miromanova committed suicide just three days after the olympics.
(annoyed grunt) it is revealed that lisa joined the activist /ecoterriost group peta.	(annoyed grunt) it is revealed that lisa joined the activist group peta.
australia, however retains a refreshingly disdainful attitude.	australia, however retains a disdainful attitude.
despite his playing career being cut tragically short by a car crash, which broke his leg, he is considered a legend in tyrone football, alongside players such as frankie donnelly and peter canavan.	despite his playing career being cut short by a car crash, which broke his leg, he is considered a legend in tyrone football, alongside players such as frankie donnelly and peter canavan.
headline of 19 june 2007 reporting the death of british comedian bernard manning, who had died the previous day aged 76. the headline mocked manning's controversial satire which was often offensive towards black people.	headline of 19 june 2007 reporting the death of british comedian bernard manning, who had died the previous day aged 76. the headline mocked manning's controversial jokes which was often offensive towards black people.
various types of fruit and nuts are also often added, including: strawberries, blueberries, apples, peaches, mangos, bananas, raisins, dried cherries, dried cranberries, pecans, walnuts, and even peanut butter.	various types of fruit and nuts are also often added, including: strawberries, blueberries, apples, peaches, mangos, bananas, raisins, dried cherries, dried cranberries, pecans, walnuts, and peanut butter.
"the logo was released in the united states in march, 2003. this logo consists of the letter ""o"" in ""kumon"" being replaced with an image of a child engaged in thought, which symbolizes learning."	"the logo was released in the united states in march, 2003. this logo consists of the letter ""o"" in ""kumon"" being replaced with an image of a child engaged in thought, which is meant to symbolize learning."
the amendment did not become law, though a weakened version of it	the amendment did not become law, though a version of it
he was murdered in the braganstown massacre of 1329, along with some sixty members of his family and household, when his earldom of louth became extinct.	he was killed in the braganstown massacre of 1329, along with some sixty members of his family and household, when his earldom of louth became extinct.
subsequent books took on an overtly conspiratorial tone as he started writing books alleging a vast world conspiracy and became much more outspoken in his views.	subsequent books took on an overtly conspiratorial tone as he started writing books revealing a vast world conspiracy and became much more outspoken in his views.
only six years earlier, in 1914, the butte miners union hall had been destroyed and occupation of the town by the national guard helped overthrow a socialist local government.	only six years earlier, in 1914, the butte miners union hall had been destroyed and occupation of the town by the national guard helped end a socialist local government.
the district is probably best known as the childhood home of liam and noel gallagher, of the mega-successful british rock band oasis.	the district is probably best known as the childhood home of liam and noel gallagher, of the british rock band oasis.
he was also on the cia payroll from the 1960s until 1974. during that time, posada was involved in numerous covert international anti-communist conspiracies , many of them in his role as an explosives expert.	he was also on the cia payroll from the 1960s until 1974. during that time, posada was involved in numerous covert international anti-communist operations , many of them in his role as an explosives expert.
he attended nazareth regional high school in brooklyn, then graduated from the university of south carolina, where he played under legendary coach frank mcguire.	he attended nazareth regional high school in brooklyn, then graduated from the university of south carolina, where he played under coach frank mcguire.
in 1986, o'neal married tennis superstar john mcenroe.	in 1986, o'neal married tennis player john mcenroe.
an october 8, 2003 interview with conservative television host bill o'reilly, who walked out of the interview because of what he considered her biased questions, creating a media controversy fed by the ongoing presidential campaign.	an october 8, 2003 interview with fox news television host bill o'reilly, who walked out of the interview because of what he considered her biased questions, creating a media controversy fed by the ongoing presidential campaign.
in response to the allegation, kramer later posted his speech online and in print, demonstrating the accusations were not based on his actual presentation.	in response to the allegation, kramer later posted his speech online and in print, arguing the accusations were not based on his actual presentation.
despite the topped up list, the weakened essendon team has to date been very uncompetitive on the field during 2016. after twelve rounds, the club sits on the bottom of the ladder with a 111 win-loss record and a percentage of 54.2, its sole win coming by thirteen points against in round 2. the club is strong favourite to win the wooden spoon for the first time since 1933.	despite the topped up list, the weakened essendon team has to date been mostly uncompetitive on the field during 2016. after twelve rounds, the club sits on the bottom of the ladder with a 111 win-loss record and a percentage of 54.2, its sole win coming by thirteen points against in round 2. the club is strong favourite to win the wooden spoon for the first time since 1933.
al-ajjj's most successful general was ms ibn nusayr, who consolidated control over north africa and sent tariq ibn ziyd to liberate spain.	al-ajjj's most successful general was ms ibn nusayr, who consolidated control over north africa and sent tariq ibn ziyd to conquer spain.
melanie phillips (born june 4 1951) is a controversial british columnist and author.	melanie phillips (born june 4 1951) is a british columnist and author.
the press ganey summit award is the health care satisfaction industrys most coveted symbol of achievement bestowed annually, and wright medical center is just one of the nations 61 overall organizations to receive this prestigious honor and just one of 14 inpatient facilities.	the press ganey summit award is the health care satisfaction industrys most coveted symbol of achievement bestowed annually, and wright medical center is just one of the nations 61 overall organizations to receive this honor and just one of 14 inpatient facilities.
"all the books of the ""border trilogy"" are written in an unconventional format, omitting traditional western punctuation, such as quotation marks, and making great use of polysyndetonic syntax, in a manner similar to ernest hemingway."	"all the books of the ""border trilogy"" are written in an unconventional format, omitting traditional western punctuation, such as quotation marks, and making use of polysyndetonic syntax, in a manner similar to ernest hemingway."
unfortunately the state ensign can easily be mistaken for a distressed flag of hungary, as well as the former national flag of iran (1964-1980).	the state ensign can easily be mistaken for a distressed flag of hungary, as well as the former national flag of iran (1964-1980).
"rabbis dr. david berger and chaim dov keller, have opined that this is a major innovation by schneerson that in their view ""deifies"" the rebbe, which is contrary to orthodox judaism."	"rabbis dr. david berger and chaim dov keller, have stated that this is a major innovation by schneerson that in their view ""deifies"" the rebbe, which is contrary to orthodox judaism."
camilleri received a degree in economics and business administration from hec lausanne, the prestigious business school of the university of lausanne (switzerland).	camilleri received a degree in economics and business administration from hec lausanne, the business school of the university of lausanne (switzerland).
"wootton is known throughout maryland for its outstanding theater department, once described by principal michael doran as ""the closest thing to broadway for miles around."""	"wootton is known throughout maryland for its theater department, once described by principal michael doran as ""the closest thing to broadway for miles around."""
bonnie and clyde (1967) is a film about the infamous couple, bonnie parker and clyde barrow, who roamed the united states' southwest robbing banks during the great depression.	bonnie and clyde (1967) is a film about the couple, bonnie parker and clyde barrow, who roamed the united states' southwest robbing banks during the great depression.
the ncaa final four was held three times at the kingdome - in 1984, when georgetown defeated houston, in 1989 when michigan beat seton hall in overtime, and in 1995 when ucla won their first championship since the retirement of legendary coach john wooden, defeating arkansas.	the ncaa final four was held three times at the kingdome - in 1984, when georgetown defeated houston, in 1989 when michigan beat seton hall in overtime, and in 1995 when ucla won their first championship since the retirement of coach john wooden, defeating arkansas.
in his commentary to the surangama sutra, venerable master hsuan hua tells the following humorous fable:	in his commentary to the surangama sutra, venerable master hsuan hua tells the following fable:
the vladmir putin super bowl ring incident refers to an incident in which vladimir putin steals the superbowl ring of new england patriots owner, robert kraft.	the vladmir putin super bowl ring incident refers to an incident in which vladimir putin allegedly stole the superbowl ring of new england patriots owner, robert kraft.
overall gonzales won at least 113 titles in his successful career in a span of 25 years.	overall gonzales won at least 113 titles in his career in a span of 25 years.
streatham is a wicked place in the london borough of lambeth in the united kingdom .	streatham is a place in the london borough of lambeth in the united kingdom .
thomas underlined that the court was not deciding the question of whether congress had the power to outlaw partial birth abortions.	thomas added that the court was not deciding the question of whether congress had the power to outlaw partial birth abortions.
"the southern poverty law center (splc), a controversial private organization headed by morris dees, is the principal group reporting on the ""neo-confederate movement."""	"the southern poverty law center (splc), a private organization headed by morris dees, is the principal group reporting on the ""neo-confederate movement."""
mark also had a leading role in bbc radio 4's hilarious adaptation of gogol's 'lost souls.'	mark also had a leading role in bbc radio 4's adaptation of gogol's 'lost souls.'
this song was included in a song pack and proved to be highly popular and mildly difficult song for the pc game stepmania.	this song was included in a song pack and proved to be highly popular and difficult song for the pc game stepmania.
the original nine-hole course was built in 1895 by famed architect willie tucker (st. andrews golf club, sand point country club and argyle country club) and was quickly replaced by a new eighteen-hole course in 1897. the old eighteen-hole course, known as st. martins and now playing as a pleasant nine-hole layout, hosted the united states open championship in 1907 and 1910. the 1907 winner was alec ross, brother of famed architect donald ross, who chalked up a remarkable score of 302 for 72 holes.	the original nine-hole course was built in 1895 by famed architect willie tucker (st. andrews golf club, sand point country club and argyle country club) and was quickly replaced by a new eighteen-hole course in 1897. the old eighteen-hole course, known as st. martins and now playing as a nine-hole layout, hosted the united states open championship in 1907 and 1910. the 1907 winner was alec ross, brother of famed architect donald ross, who chalked up a remarkable score of 302 for 72 holes.
pakistan argues incorrectly that the durrand line agreement never specified 100 years.	pakistan argues that the durrand line agreement never specified 100 years.
"after establishing himself as a lead actor in the 1980s, he began to be referred to as ""megastar"" by the media and fans, especially with the phenomenal success of the 1987 film new delhi."	"after establishing himself as a lead actor in the 1980s, he began to be referred to as ""megastar"" by the media and fans, especially with the success of the 1987 film new delhi."
the john birch society is an american radical right-wing political advocacy group that supports anti-communism, limited government, a constitutional republic and personal freedom.	the john birch society is an american right-wing political advocacy group that supports anti-communism, limited government, a constitutional republic and personal freedom.
actress dodie goodman and comedienne alice pearce were prominently featured.	actress dodie goodman and comedian alice pearce were prominently featured.
aside from her commercial accomplishments, she has earned five grammy awards and is well known for her five-octave vocal range, power, melismatic style and use of the whistle register.	aside from her commercial accomplishments, she has earned five grammy awards and is known for her five-octave vocal range, power, melismatic style and use of the whistle register.
john fitzgerald kennedy (may 29, 1917 – november 22, 1963), also referred to as john f. kennedy, jfk, john kennedy, or jack kennedy, was the brilliant 35th president of the united states.	john fitzgerald kennedy (may 29, 1917 – november 22, 1963), also referred to as john f. kennedy, jfk, john kennedy, or jack kennedy, was the 35th president of the united states.
tim matheson as tully, a left-wing radical protester who has a sexual relationship with diane	tim matheson as tully, a left-wing protester who has a sexual relationship with diane
"the album also featured tapio wilska (from the troll metal band (finntroll)) in two songs (""devil and the deep dark ocean"" and ""the pharaoh sails to orion"")."	"the album also featured tapio wilska (from the metal band (finntroll)) in two songs (""devil and the deep dark ocean"" and ""the pharaoh sails to orion"")."
part of the tower is available to rent as a spectacular holiday home through the landmark trust.	part of the tower is available to rent as a holiday home through the landmark trust.
there are many recreational opportunities in the park and along the relatively undeveloped coastline of lake champlain.	there are recreational opportunities in the park and along the relatively undeveloped coastline of lake champlain.
windows nt 3.5 was finally succeeded by windows nt 3.51 in 1995 and by windows nt 4.0 in 1996.	windows nt 3.5 was succeeded by windows nt 3.51 in 1995 and by windows nt 4.0 in 1996.
other memorable lines from the game are:	other lines from the game are:
the ctf is a federally incorporated, non-profit and non-partisan organization with over 64,000 supporters across canada.	the ctf is a federally incorporated, non-profit and non-partisan organization that claims to have over 64,000 supporters across canada.
certain forms of urea-formaldehyde resin are also used as a nonprotein nitrogen supplement for ruminant animals in many countries including china.	certain forms of urea-formaldehyde resin are also used as a nonprotein nitrogen supplement for ruminant animals in some countries including china.
osama bin laden is assassinated by u.s. military forces in pakistan.	osama bin laden is killed by u.s. military forces in pakistan.
the murder of the romanov family, of the russian imperial house of romanov, and those who chose to accompany them into exile, dr. eugene botkin, anna demidova, alexei trupp, and ivan kharitonov, took place in yekaterinburg on july 17, 1918 on the orders of vladimir lenin, yakov sverdlov, and the ural soviet, in order to prevent them being subsequently used to muster the white forces in the ongoing russian civil war.	the shooting of the romanov family, of the russian imperial house of romanov, and those who chose to accompany them into exile, dr. eugene botkin, anna demidova, alexei trupp, and ivan kharitonov, took place in yekaterinburg on july 17, 1918 on the orders of vladimir lenin, yakov sverdlov, and the ural soviet, in order to prevent them being subsequently used to muster the white forces in the ongoing russian civil war.
all of the arguments she made regarding this topic have been repeatedly debunked by evolutionary biologists.	all of the arguments she made regarding this topic have been repeatedly challenged by evolutionary biologists.
an agricultural economist, dr gryseels is committed to icarda's noble mission of alleviating poverty and hunger in dry areas of the developing world.	an agricultural economist, dr gryseels is committed to icarda's mission of alleviating poverty and hunger in dry areas of the developing world.
all three games in this series were played in vancouver, british columbia, with the millionaires easily sweeping the best of five series in three games.	all three games in this series were played in vancouver, british columbia, with the millionaires sweeping the best of five series in three games.
the john birch society in the late 1950s revealed the foundation as participating in a communist conspiracy.	the john birch society in the late 1950s charged the foundation as participating in a communist conspiracy.
he is known for his naturalistic, social realist directing style and for his socialist ideology , which are evident in his film treatment of social issues such as homelessness (cathy come home) and labour rights (riff-raff and the navigators).	he is known for his naturalistic, social realist directing style and for his socialist attitude , which are evident in his film treatment of social issues such as homelessness (cathy come home) and labour rights (riff-raff and the navigators).
in 2006 the ethical cosmetics company lush approached her for advice on their environmental policies on a voluntary basis and they subsequently introduced the charity pot, a product where 100 per cent of the purchase price (ex vat) goes to fund activist groups, including anti-road building groups.	in 2006 the cosmetics company lush approached her for advice on their environmental policies on a voluntary basis and they subsequently introduced the charity pot, a product where 100 per cent of the purchase price (ex vat) goes to fund activist groups, including anti-road building groups.
initial priority has been given to open source platforms like gnu/ linux based distros.	initial priority has been given to open source platforms like linux based distros.
for the al-qaeda in iraq terrorist killed on june 7, please see abu musab al-zarqawi instead.	for the al-qaeda in iraq leader killed on june 7, please see abu musab al-zarqawi instead.
the vast majority (approximately 80-90% ) of muslims worldwide practice sunni islam.	the majority (approximately 80-90% ) of muslims worldwide practice sunni islam.
the celtics championship streak ended that season at eight, however, as wilt chamberlain's philadelphia 76ers won a record-breaking 68 regular season games and at last overpowered the aging celtics.	the celtics championship streak ended that season at eight, however, as wilt chamberlain's philadelphia 76ers won a record-breaking 68 regular season games and at last overpowered the celtics.
"albert ""bert"" atkinson is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by dave hill."	"albert ""bert"" atkinson is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by dave hill."
in may 2005, estonian prime minister andrus ansip gave a speech while visiting klooga in which he both condemned the holocaust and noted that some estonian citizens were complicit in committing war crimes during wwii:although these murderers must answer for their crimes as individuals, the estonian government continues to do everything possible to expose these crimes.i apologise for the fact that estonian citizens could be found among those who participated in the murdering of people or assisted in the perpetration of these crimes.	in may 2005, estonian prime minister andrus ansip gave a speech while visiting klooga in which he both condemned the holocaust and expressed sorrow that some estonian citizens were complicit in committing war crimes during wwii:although these murderers must answer for their crimes as individuals, the estonian government continues to do everything possible to expose these crimes.i apologise for the fact that estonian citizens could be found among those who participated in the murdering of people or assisted in the perpetration of these crimes.
a series of investigative reports by the chicago tribune revealed that between 2005 and 2009 university trustees, president, chancellor, and other administrators pressured admissions officials into admitting under-qualified but politically well-connected applicants into the university.	a series of investigative reports by the chicago tribune noted that between 2005 and 2009 university trustees, president, chancellor, and other administrators pressured admissions officials into admitting under-qualified but politically well-connected applicants into the university.
one of his first televised appearances was a makeover on comedienne phyllis diller on the merv griffin show.	one of his first televised appearances was a makeover on comedian phyllis diller on the merv griffin show.
this method unfortunately greatly decreases the light collecting power of the lens.	this method , however, greatly decreases the light collecting power of the lens.
it is significant as a satirical, first-person account of 1960s counterculture, in addition to being a hit song in its own right.	it is notable as a satirical, first-person account of 1960s counterculture, in addition to being a hit song in its own right.
views about the nature of jesus' second coming vary somewhat among christian denominations.	views about the nature of jesus' second coming vary among christian denominations.
michael joseph jackson (born august 29 1958), also known as the king of pop or pejoratively as wacko jacko, is an american musician whose bizarre personal life and successful music career have been at the forefront of pop culture for the last quarter-century.	michael joseph jackson (born august 29 1958), also known as the king of pop or pejoratively as wacko jacko, is an american musician whose controversial personal life and successful music career have been at the forefront of pop culture for the last quarter-century.
egypt has a remarkably stable economy in the middle east enjoying continuous growth in the past half-a-century.	egypt has a stable economy in the middle east enjoying continuous growth in the past half-a-century.
marlag und milag nord was a nazi prisoner-of-war camp in military district x, located near westertimke, germany.	marlag und milag nord was a german prisoner-of-war camp in military district x, located near westertimke, germany.
he and his rag-tag band of loyal guerillas found refuge in the jinggang mountains in southeastern china.	he and his band of loyal guerillas found refuge in the jinggang mountains in southeastern china.
examples of such technologies comprise hybrid cars, heat pumps, energy-saving fridges , or better insulated windows.	examples of such technologies comprise hybrid cars, heat pumps, energy-saving refrigerators , or better insulated windows.
21 october 1964) is a lebanese-american conservative author, activist, and founder of the anti-muslim group act!	21 october 1964) is a lebanese-american conservative author, activist, and founder of the group act!
correspondence courses over the internet even offer distance training.	correspondence courses over the internet offer distance training.
the principal character in thomas a. mcmahon's well-regarded 1970 novel, principles of american nuclear chemistry: a novel, is modeled on feynman.	the principal character in thomas a. mcmahon's 1970 novel, principles of american nuclear chemistry: a novel, is modeled on feynman.
left-wing critics denounced his opposition to fidel castro's government in cuba and complained that he was ignoring human rights in central america, south america, and south africa.	critics denounced his opposition to fidel castro's government in cuba and complained that he was ignoring human rights in central america, south america, and south africa.
the town had one of the largest table tennis leagues in the country with over 120 teams competing during the 1970s, but sadly , like the game of squash, the sport has declined in the town during recent years.	the town had one of the largest table tennis leagues in the country with over 120 teams competing during the 1970s, but, like the game of squash, the sport has declined in the town during recent years.
the university buildings (a mass of typical sixties concrete) fit suprising well with their landscaped green surroundings.	the university buildings (a mass of typical sixties concrete) fit well with their landscaped green surroundings.
his prolific goal scoring ability is also apparent in european competitions, where he scored 6 goals in 8 games for kayserispor during their uefa intertoto cup campaign in the 2005/6 season, in which they became the first team from turkey to win the competition.	his goal scoring ability is also apparent in european competitions, where he scored 6 goals in 8 games for kayserispor during their uefa intertoto cup campaign in the 2005/6 season, in which they became the first team from turkey to win the competition.
he has been called in to several camps, and came excruciatingly close in a game against chile in 2000, where he was about to be employed as a late game substitute when the game was called.	he has been called in to several camps, and came very close in a game against chile in 2000, where he was about to be employed as a late game substitute when the game was called.
sound voltex (stylized as sound voltex) is a new series of music games by konami.	sound voltex (stylized as sound voltex) is a series of music games by konami.
rabbi shlomo erez helbrans (; born november 5, 1962 - died july 7, 2017) was an israeli cult leader, anti-zionist rabbi, and rebbe of the lev tahor community, convicted in the united states for kidnapping, and designated as a refugee in canada.	rabbi shlomo erez helbrans (; born november 5, 1962 - died july 7, 2017) was an israeli ultra-orthodox haredi jewish leader, anti-zionist rabbi, and rebbe of the lev tahor community, convicted in the united states for kidnapping, and designated as a refugee in canada.
dive bomber (1941) was an american propaganda film directed by michael curtiz.	dive bomber (1941) was an american film directed by michael curtiz.
combined with copious amounts of alcohol, the tournament has gained a negative reputation for its hedonistic and sexual overtones.	combined with copious amounts of alcohol, the tournament has gained a reputation for its hedonistic and sexual overtones.
in particular, the term is used to describe the beliefs of minority muslim groups who ascribe divine characteristics to a member of prophet muhammad's family (especially ali) or the early companions of the prophet such as salman the persian.	in particular, the term is used to describe the beliefs of minority muslim groups who ascribe divine characteristics to a member of muhammad's family (especially ali) or the early companions of the prophet such as salman the persian.
"in 2008, new york press's contrarian critic armond white would cite the movie as predicting the rise of barack obama, who entered the real-life harvard law school in 1988, and white declared that soul man was ""easily the best movie ever set at harvard."""	"in 2008, new york press's critic armond white would cite the movie as predicting the rise of barack obama, who entered the real-life harvard law school in 1988, and white declared that soul man was ""easily the best movie ever set at harvard."""
barrera versus morales trilogy is one of boxing's most famous fight trilogies, involving two of mexico's most revered boxers, marco antonio barrera and erik morales.	barrera versus morales trilogy is one of boxing's famous fight trilogies, involving two of mexico's most revered boxers, marco antonio barrera and erik morales.
when corts and his men killed one of the aztec leaders, the enemy broke off the battle and left the field.	when corts and his men killed one of the aztec leaders, the aztecs broke off the battle and left the field.
in the popular fighting game m.u.g.e.n, several fan-made characters of barney exist, and are made to be deliberately weak so players can watch other characters, such as godzilla, fight and defeat him effortlessly.	in the fighting game m.u.g.e.n, several fan-made characters of barney exist, and are made to be deliberately weak so players can watch other characters, such as godzilla, fight and defeat him effortlessly.
unfortunately , hursts injury problems looked set to sentence him to one-cap/one-wicket status until the advent of world series cricket (wsc).	however , hursts injury problems looked set to sentence him to one-cap/one-wicket status until the advent of world series cricket (wsc).
the national trust acquired of the claremont estate in 1949. in 1975, with a grant from the slater foundation, it set about restoring the magnificent eighteenth-century landscape garden.	the national trust acquired of the claremont estate in 1949. in 1975, with a grant from the slater foundation, it set about restoring the eighteenth-century landscape garden.
gandhi (1982) is a multi-award-winning biopic film about the life of mohandas karamchand gandhi (often known as mahatma gandhi), who was leader of the nonviolent resistance movement against british colonial rule in india during the first half of the 20th century.	gandhi (1982) is a biopic film about the life of mohandas karamchand gandhi (often known as mahatma gandhi), who was leader of the nonviolent resistance movement against british colonial rule in india during the first half of the 20th century.
he elaborated christoph martin wieland's concept of the schne seele (beautiful soul), a human being whose emotions have been educated by his reason, so that pflicht und neigung (duty and inclination) are no longer in conflict with one another; thus beauty, for schiller, is not merely an aesthetic experience, but a moral one as well: the good is the beautiful.	he elaborated christoph martin wieland's concept of the schne seele (beautiful soul), a human being whose emotions have been educated by reason, so that pflicht und neigung (duty and inclination) are no longer in conflict with one another; thus beauty, for schiller, is not merely an aesthetic experience, but a moral one as well: the good is the beautiful.
famous people associated with churchill, manitoba	notable people associated with churchill, manitoba
ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american conservative columnist, political commentator and best-selling author /plagiarist .	ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an american conservative columnist, political commentator and best-selling author.
he was sworn in to his second term on january 7, 2011. in the first state of the state in his second term, he blatanly proposed the elimination of teacher tenure, becoming one of the most aggressive governors in the country when it comes to education reform.	he was sworn in to his second term on january 7, 2011. in the first state of the state in his second term, he proposed the elimination of teacher tenure, becoming one of the most aggressive governors in the country when it comes to education reform.
cap coleman was an influential american tattoo artist.	cap coleman was an american tattoo artist.
previously, a strong feeling had prevailed against using portraits on coins in the united states, but public sentiment stemming from the 100th anniversary celebration of abraham lincoln's birth proved stronger than the long-standing prejudice .	previously, a strong feeling had prevailed against using portraits on coins in the united states, but public sentiment stemming from the 100th anniversary celebration of abraham lincoln's birth proved stronger than the long-standing tradition .
previously, the line formation on the north ramp of the bernina pass had been laid out in curves giving passengers spectacular views, but also lying in the path of avalanche courses.	previously, the line formation on the north ramp of the bernina pass had been laid out in curves giving passengers extensive views, but also lying in the path of avalanche courses.
the film has received surprisingly positive reviews from critics.	the film has received positive reviews from critics.
"however, ray also often left an impression of remoteness on people who met him, and mockingly described as ""english"" by bengalis, and ""brahminical"" by westerners."	"however, ray also often left an impression of remoteness on people who met him, and described as ""english"" by bengalis, and ""brahminical"" by westerners."
"kathleen ""kat"" moon (ne slater) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by actress jessie wallace."	"kathleen ""kat"" moon (ne slater) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by actress jessie wallace."
in recent decades, the catholic church has been criticised for its doctrines concerning sexual issues and the ordination of women as well as for its handling of sexual abuse cases.	in recent decades, the catholic church has been criticised for its doctrines concerning sexual issues and the ordination of women as well as for its systematic cover-up of sexual abuse cases.
concepcin velasco varona, known as concha velasco or conchita velasco, is a famous spanish film actress, theatre actress, singer, and tv conductor.	concepcin velasco varona, known as concha velasco or conchita velasco, is a spanish film actress, theatre actress, singer, and tv conductor.
"html ""murphy brown speech"" and the resulting media coverage damaged the republican ticket in the 1992 presidential election and became one of the most memorable incidents of the 1992 campaign."	"cfm?itemid=13461| ""murphy brown speech"" and the resulting media coverage damaged the republican ticket in the 1992 presidential election and became one of the most memorable incidents of the 1992 campaign."
at that moment the shadow, obviously that of the bear, disappeared into the forest.	at that moment the shadow, apparently that of the bear, disappeared into the forest.
despite this potentially career-ending controversy, in 2006, the who released its first album of new material in almost 25 years, and launched a lucrative world tour.	despite this potentially career-ending controversy, in 2006, the who released its first album of new material in almost 25 years, and launched a highly successful world tour.
rushton's most infamous work is his book race, evolution and behavior: a life history perspective, in which he outlines an extremely controversial theory of virtually every aspect of human nature and the course of world history.	rushton's most cited work is his book race, evolution and behavior: a life history perspective, in which he outlines an extremely controversial theory of virtually every aspect of human nature and the course of world history.
dale formally discontinued the label in 2010 shortly before his passing due to cancer.	dale formally discontinued the label in 2010 shortly before his death due to cancer.
the major human rights organizations, and many international aid organizations that work in the occupied territories, have proved that the barrier has caused severe disruption to the lives of many palestinians.	the major human rights organizations, and many international aid organizations that work in the territories, have proved that the barrier has caused severe disruption to the lives of many palestinians.
with the stated purpose of preventing infiltration during the second intifada, israel has decided to surround jerusalem's eastern perimeter with a security fence .	with the stated purpose of preventing infiltration during the second intifada, israel has decided to surround jerusalem's eastern perimeter with a security barrier .
in 1984 he famously criticized apple's inclusion of a mouse with their computers, saying there is no evidence that people want to use these things.	in 1984 he criticized apple's inclusion of a mouse with their computers, saying there is no evidence that people want to use these things.
he began as an obscure graffiti artist in new york city in the late 1970s and evolved into an acclaimed neo-expressionist and primitivist painter by the 1980s.	he began as an graffiti artist in new york city in the late 1970s and evolved into an acclaimed neo-expressionist and primitivist painter by the 1980s.
for centuries a major administrative, shipping, and trading town, shanghai grew in importance in the 19th century due to european recognition of its favorable port location and economic potential.	for centuries a major administrative, shipping, and trading town, shanghai grew in importance in the 19th century due to trade and recognition of its favorable port location and economic potential.
the video ends crap with a picture of the two rabbits together again.	the video ends with a picture of the two rabbits together again.
idina menzel (born adena mentzel on may 30, 1971) is an acclaimed american actress, singer and songwriter.	idina menzel (born adena mentzel on may 30, 1971) is an american actress, singer and songwriter.
apatosaurus (pronounced ), often mistakenly referred to as brontosaurus, is a genus of sauropod dinosaurs that lived about 140 million years ago, during the jurassic period.	apatosaurus (pronounced ), often referred to as brontosaurus, is a genus of sauropod dinosaurs that lived about 140 million years ago, during the jurassic period.
bitcoin is a controversial digital currency that garnered mainstream financial media attention.	bitcoin is a digital currency that garnered mainstream financial media attention.
the weenen massacre refers to the massacre of voortrekkers by the zulu tribe on 17 february 1838. after the murder of piet retief and his delegation, the zulu chief dingane sent his impis to exterminate the remaining voortrekkers who were camped at doringkop, bloukrans (i.e.	the weenen massacre refers to the massacre of voortrekkers by the zulu on 17 february 1838. after the murder of piet retief and his delegation, the zulu chief dingane sent his impis to exterminate the remaining voortrekkers who were camped at doringkop, bloukrans (i.e.
the eu-debate rages on to this day with currently a large majority in favour of membership.	the eu-debate rages on to this day with currently a majority in favour of membership.
during this time he was also mentored by famous composer ross stewart.	during this time he was also mentored by composer ross stewart.
english national ballet was originally founded in 1950 by the renowned british dance couple, alicia markova and anton dolin.	english national ballet was originally founded in 1950 by the british dance couple, alicia markova and anton dolin.
spurred by this, she started taking to the streets to understand the plight of the poor .	spurred by this, she started taking to the streets to understand the plight of the underpriviliged .
beckenham junction and kent house have excellent services into central london every 15 minutes, taking just 13 minutes to brixton and 21 minutes to london victoria.	beckenham junction and kent house have services into central london every 15 minutes, taking just 13 minutes to brixton and 21 minutes to london victoria.
"during the wall live tour 2011, waters added an acoustic coda to ""another brick in the wall (part 2)"" with brand new lyrics referring to the murder of jean charles de menezes:"	"during the wall live tour 2011, waters added an acoustic coda to ""another brick in the wall (part 2)"" with brand new lyrics referring to the death of jean charles de menezes:"
according to citizens for tax justice, in 2003, reliant got away with paying zero taxes ( proof ).	according to citizens for tax justice, in 2003, reliant got away with paying zero taxes ( coporate income taxes in the bush years ).
others refute this point of view, pointedly taking issue with the thesis advanced by william shirer and others.	others dispute this point of view, pointedly taking issue with the thesis advanced by william shirer and others.
additionally, the club (with the raaf roulettes as patron) operates the young eagles programme for victorians between 12 and 17 years of age, designed to introduce flying to enthusiastic potential aviators.	additionally, the club (with the raaf roulettes as patron) operates the young eagles programme for victorians between 12 and 17 years of age, designed to introduce flying to potential aviators.
greta scacchi (born 18 february 1960) is an italian-australian actress .	greta scacchi (born 18 february 1960) is an italian-australian actor .
ryanair ltd. is an safe irish low-cost airline.	ryanair ltd. is an irish low-cost airline.
it is substantially complete except for a few kilometres on the morocco -mauritania border where there is currently only a desert track.	it is substantially complete except for a few kilometres on the west sahara -mauritania border where there is currently only a desert track.
"ice's ill-advised film debut came in the 1991 movie teenage mutant ninja turtles ii: the secret of the ooze, performing ""the ninja rap""."	"ice's film debut came in the 1991 movie teenage mutant ninja turtles ii: the secret of the ooze, performing ""the ninja rap""."
the cdrs (comits de dfense de la rvolution) were formed as popular mass organizations and armed.	the cdrs (comits de dfense de la rvolution) were formed as mass organizations and armed.
bond falls is a beautiful waterfall on the middle branch of the ontonagon river, a few miles east of paulding in southern ontonagon county in the western portion of the upper peninsula of the u.s. state of michigan.	bond falls is a waterfall on the middle branch of the ontonagon river, a few miles east of paulding in southern ontonagon county in the western portion of the upper peninsula of the u.s. state of michigan.
they sought to modernize education in light of contemporary scholarship, they denied absolute divine authorship of the torah, declaring that only those biblical laws concerning ethics to be binding, and stated that the rest of halakha (jewish law) need no longer be viewed as normative for jews in wider society.	they sought to modernize education in light of contemporary scholarship, they rejected claims of absolute divine authorship of the torah, declaring that only those biblical laws concerning ethics to be binding, and stated that the rest of halakha (jewish law) need no longer be viewed as normative for jews in wider society.
the swift incursion of the fire into the fuselage and the layout of the aircraft impaired passengers' ability to evacuate, with areas such as the forward galley area becoming a particular bottle-neck for escaping passengers, of those unable to escape 48 died as a result of incapacitating and subsequently lethal toxic gas and smoke, some very close to the exits with only 6 dying through burns.	the swift incursion of the fire into the fuselage and the layout of the aircraft impaired passengers' ability to evacuate, with areas such as the forward galley area becoming a particular bottle-neck for escaping passengers, of those unable to escape 48 died as a result of incapacitating and subsequently lethal toxic gas and smoke, some very close to the exits with 6 dying through burns.
in addition to being a world-renowned cricketer, chappell is a vegan who has published two books regarding this important issue .	in addition to being a world-renowned cricketer, chappell is a vegan who has published two books regarding this issue .
the vanderbilt university medical center is a vital component of the university and is the only level i trauma center in middle tennessee.	the vanderbilt university medical center is a component of the university and is the only level i trauma center in middle tennessee.
in composite rules shintyhurling, ireland thrash scotland to claim the international series.	in composite rules shintyhurling, ireland defeat scotland to claim the international series.
sviatoslav's military conquests were astonishing : he dealt lethal blows to two of his strongest neighbours, khazaria and the bulgarian empire, both of which collapsed soon after his raids.	sviatoslav's military conquests were extensive : he dealt lethal blows to two of his strongest neighbours, khazaria and the bulgarian empire, both of which collapsed soon after his raids.
in 1922, andersson was tragically killed on her third jump in askersund, sweden.	in 1922, andersson was killed on her third jump in askersund, sweden.
in june 2002 hamas terrorists , possibly assisted by islamic jihad men, infiltrated the tzur shalem outpost and killed ayal sorek (23) and his 9-month-pregnant wife yael (24) along with reserve soldier shalom mordechai (35) from nahariya.	in june 2002 hamas militants , possibly assisted by islamic jihad men, infiltrated the tzur shalem outpost and killed ayal sorek (23) and his 9-month-pregnant wife yael (24) along with reserve soldier shalom mordechai (35) from nahariya.
the win, naturally, was the high point of cevert's career, which would end tragically at the glen two years later, just as he was set to take over the number one drive at tyrrell from the retiring stewart.	the win, naturally, was the high point of cevert's career, which would end at the glen two years later, just as he was set to take over the number one drive at tyrrell from the retiring stewart.
jos fernndez madrid, statesman , physician, scientist and writer closely associated with the united provinces of new grenada	jos fernndez madrid, politician , physician, scientist and writer closely associated with the united provinces of new grenada
lago ritom is a small lake in the piora valley, ticino, switzerland.	lago ritom is a lake in the piora valley, ticino, switzerland.
nativo lopez-vigil (born in 1951) is a chicano political leader and immigrant rights activist in southern california, although his family's roots precede the illegal annexation of half of mexico in the 1846-48 mexican-american war, and of immigrant stock from sonora, mexico.	nativo lopez-vigil (born in 1951) is a chicano political leader and immigrant rights activist in southern california, although his family's roots precede the annexation of half of mexico in the 1846-48 mexican-american war, and of immigrant stock from sonora, mexico.
"to maintain the desired groupthink in the forums, the administrators will sometimes ""tombstone"" (ban) users for violating site policies, such as these:"	"to maintain the desired atmosphere in the forums, the administrators will sometimes ""tombstone"" (ban) users for violating site policies, such as these:"
competing in the atlantic coast conference, the athletic teams have captured eight national championships, including three by the renowned men's basketball team.	competing in the atlantic coast conference, the athletic teams have captured eight national championships, including three by the men's basketball team.
gould began his higher education at antioch college, a distinguished liberal arts school in ohio, graduating with a degree in geology in 1963. during this time he also studied abroad at the university of leeds in the united kingdom.	gould began his higher education at antioch college, a liberal arts school in ohio, graduating with a degree in geology in 1963. during this time he also studied abroad at the university of leeds in the united kingdom.
however, by the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, china stagnated and fell behind, and was too weak militarily to repel european aggression or japanese invasion.	however, by the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, china stagnated and fell behind, and was too weak militarily to repel european interference or japanese invasion.
controversial scottish businessman brian souter (born 1954 in perth, scotland), the prominent leader of the keep the clause campaign, is an active member of the denomination;	scottish businessman brian souter (born 1954 in perth, scotland), the prominent leader of the keep the clause campaign, is an active member of the denomination;
in 2001, enya recorded may it be, which featured in the first installment of the lord of the rings film trilogy, fellowship of the ring, and was her second consecutive single to enter the german charts at number 1. the video features scenes from the oscar-nominated peter jackson film.	in 2001, enya recorded may it be, which featured in the first installment of the lord of the rings film trilogy, fellowship of the ring, and was her second consecutive single to enter the german charts at number 1. the video features scenes from the peter jackson film.
john rocker was a star pitcher for first presbyterian day school in macon, georgia.	john rocker was a pitcher for first presbyterian day school in macon, georgia.
according to reports lavezzi and napoli have had an approach made by english giants liverpool f.c with regards to a transfer to anfield.	according to reports lavezzi and napoli have had an approach made by english club liverpool f.c with regards to a transfer to anfield.
many campus buildings have beautiful neo-gothic archways and lanterns	many campus buildings have neo-gothic archways and lanterns
as a category of theory, scientific racism employs anthropology (notably physical anthropology), anthropometry, craniometry, and other disciplines, in fabricating anthropologic typologies supporting the classification of human populations into physically discrete human races that are asserted to be superior or inferior.	as a category of theory, scientific racism employs anthropology (notably physical anthropology), anthropometry, craniometry, and other disciplines, in proposing anthropologic typologies supporting the classification of human populations into physically discrete human races that are asserted to be superior or inferior.
since 2007, palin has received steady criticism by many groups for her willingness to support a $150 per paw bounty on up to 1400 wolves, allowing them to be brutally killed by aerial hunting methods.	since 2007, palin has received steady criticism by many groups for her willingness to support a $150 per paw bounty on up to 1400 wolves, allowing them to be killed by aerial hunting methods.
lafayette ronald hubbard (march 13, 1911 january 24, 1986), better known as l. ron hubbard (and often referred to by his initials, lrh), was an american pulp fiction author turned religious leader who founded the church of scientology.	lafayette ronald hubbard (march 13, 1911 january 24, 1986), better known as l. ron hubbard (and often referred to by his initials, lrh), was an american pulp fiction author and religious leader who founded the church of scientology.
and i also read the belgariad series), television (my favourite tv show is alias), music (my favourite group is stone temple pilots), movies (the lord of the rings), drawing and travelling.	and i also read the belgariad series), television (my favourite tv show is and late night with conan o'brien ), music (my favourite group is stone temple pilots), movies (the lord of the rings), drawing and travelling.
mainstream organizations such as mjaa and umjc have denounced two house teaching.	organizations such as mjaa and umjc have denounced two house teaching.
"the film debuted ""lower than projected"" but still with ""a massive figure"", by grossing $166 million in north america,{{cite web|first=brad|last=brevet|url="	"the film debuted ""lower than projected"" but also opened with ""a massive figure"", by grossing $166 million in north america,{{cite web|first=brad|last=brevet|url="
the album was enormously influential in the development of funk, rock and roll, r&b, soul, gospel and pop music.	the album was influential in the development of funk, rock and roll, r&b, soul, gospel and pop music.
philippe patrick starck (born january 18 1949, paris) is a well-known french product designer and probably the best known designer in the new design style.	philippe patrick starck (born january 18 1949, paris) is a french product designer and probably the best known designer in the new design style.
items stolen by the israeli government included personal belongings, confidential information relating to the jerusalem issue, documents referring to the 1991 madrid conference and the arab studies society photography collection.	items confiscated by the israeli government included personal belongings, confidential information relating to the jerusalem issue, documents referring to the 1991 madrid conference and the arab studies society photography collection.
almost all of the non-serb population in the serb-held area was killed, expelled or forced to seek refuge in government held areas).	almost all of the croatian population in the serb-held area was killed, expelled or forced to seek refuge in government held areas).
anny duperey (1947-), comedienne , lives here.	anny duperey (1947-), comedian , lives here.
this object was the first planetary nebula to be discovered; by charles messier in 1764. at its brightness of visual magnitude 7.5 and its diameter of about 8 arcminutes, it is easily visible in binoculars, and a great observing target in amateur telescopes.	this object was the first planetary nebula to be discovered; by charles messier in 1764. at its brightness of visual magnitude 7.5 and its diameter of about 8 arcminutes, it is easily visible in binoculars, and a popular observing target in amateur telescopes.
the arab satellite communications organization (often abbreviated as arabsat) is a leading communications satellite operator in the arab world, headquartered in the city of riyadh, saudi arabia.	the arab satellite communications organization (often abbreviated as arabsat) is a communications satellite operator in the arab world, headquartered in the city of riyadh, saudi arabia.
fisher has spoken out against the lack of opportunities for comediennes in hollywood.	fisher has spoken out against the lack of opportunities for female comedians in hollywood.
at the time of his shocking death he was the executive officer of the computer science department at the california institute of technology.	at the time of his death he was the executive officer of the computer science department at the california institute of technology.
a man of profound genius, he is one of the most influential scientists in history.	generally thought of as man of profound genius, he is one of the most influential scientists in history.
the dublin-rosslare railway line is a main rail route between dublin connolly station and rosslare europort, where it theoretically connects with ferry services to the united kingdom and mainland europe.	the dublin-rosslare railway line is a main rail route between dublin connolly station and rosslare europort, where it connects with ferry services to the united kingdom and mainland europe.
concern about bombs possibly concealed in shoes led to the new requirement of all airline passengers having to shuffle through security in socks or bare feet while their shoes were scanned for bombs.	concern about bombs possibly concealed in shoes led to the new requirement of all airline passengers having to pass through security in socks or bare feet while their shoes were scanned for bombs.
king's is a highly ranked and prestigious university and part of the elite 'golden triangle' of british universities.	king's is a highly ranked and prestigious university and part of the 'golden triangle' of british universities.
also, if a player scores and does not record it before the next player goes his score does not count.	also, if a player scores and does not record it before the next player goes , that score does not count.
this is not only due to seven's superior news programming, but also due to their highly successful game show deal or no deal which airs in the 5:30pm timeslot, leading into the news.	this is not only due to seven's increasing ratings for its news programming, but also due to their highly successful game show deal or no deal which airs in the 5:30pm timeslot, leading into the news.
during world war ii, braunsberg was liberated by the soviet red army following the braunsberg offensive operation (13 march 1945 - 22 march 1945) following the elimination of the german heiligenbeil pocket, and suffered heavy destruction due to fighting and subsequent looting.	during world war ii, braunsberg was occupied by the soviet red army following the braunsberg offensive operation (13 march 1945 - 22 march 1945) following the elimination of the german heiligenbeil pocket, and suffered heavy destruction due to fighting and subsequent looting.
after khalid's heroic victory at battle of hazir in 637 a.d, caliph umar exclaimed,	after khalid's victory at battle of hazir in 637 a.d, caliph umar exclaimed,
the gospel accounts of the resurrection are allegedly incoherent and inconsistent, and there appears to be evidence of a progressive supernaturalization involving the appearance of angels at the empty tomb.	the gospel accounts of the resurrection are incoherent and inconsistent, and there appears to be evidence of a progressive supernaturalization involving the appearance of angels at the empty tomb.
superoxide and hydroperoxyl (ho2) are discussed interchangeably, although hydroperoxyl predominates at physiological phs.	superoxide and hydroperoxyl (ho2) are discussed interchangeably, although superoxide predominates at physiological phs.
on september 1 1993 sky one was encrypted as part of the sky subscription package, and could no longer be viewed outside the uk and ireland without fraudulently exporting a box, or receiving it over cable.	on september 1 1993 sky one was encrypted as part of the sky subscription package, and could no longer be viewed outside the uk and ireland without exporting a box, or receiving it over cable.
this majority is expected to be reduced to only a plurality by 2050. the largest ethnic group of european ancestry is german at 15.2 percent, followed by irish (10.8%), english (8.7%), italian (5.6%) and scandinavian (3.7%).	this majority is expected to be reduced to a plurality by 2050. the largest ethnic group of european ancestry is german at 15.2 percent, followed by irish (10.8%), english (8.7%), italian (5.6%) and scandinavian (3.7%).
assemblages of perforated nassarius shells (a marine genus) significantly different from local fauna have also been recovered from the area, suggesting that these people may have collected and employed the shells symbolically as beads, as they are unlikely to have been used as food.	assemblages of perforated nassarius shells (a marine genus) significantly different from local fauna have also been recovered from the area, suggesting that these people may have collected and employed the shells as beads, as they are unlikely to have been used as food.
religious conservatives of this period sponsored a large and flourishing media network, especially based on magazines, many with close ties to the protestant churches that were rapidly expanding thanks to the third great awakening.	religious conservatives of this period sponsored a large and flourishing media network, especially based on magazines, many with close ties to the protestant churches that were rapidly expanding due to the third great awakening.
the new chronology is a fringe theory in pseudo-history , which argues that the conventional chronology is fundamentally flawed, that events attributed to antiquity such as the histories of rome, greece and egypt actually occurred during the middle ages, more than a thousand years after the time to which they have conventionally been assigned.	the new chronology is a fringe theory in historical revisionism , which argues that the conventional chronology is fundamentally flawed, that events attributed to antiquity such as the histories of rome, greece and egypt actually occurred during the middle ages, more than a thousand years after the time to which they have conventionally been assigned.
he is eventually cornered at the top near valigarmanda , where he holds mog hostage, threatening to kill him.	he is eventually cornered at the top near tritoch , where he holds mog hostage, threatening to kill him.
he was hanged in the crumlin road gaol for his involvement in the murder of royal ulster constabulary (ruc) police officer named patrick murphy during the northern campaign.	he was hanged in the crumlin road gaol for his involvement in the killing of royal ulster constabulary (ruc) police officer named patrick murphy during the northern campaign.
william butler yeats (ipa: ) (13 june 1865 – 28 january 1939) was an anglo- irish poet, dramatist, mystic and public figure, brother of the artist jack butler yeats and son of john butler yeats.	william butler yeats (ipa: ) (13 june 1865 – 28 january 1939) was an irish poet, dramatist, mystic and public figure, brother of the artist jack butler yeats and son of john butler yeats.
this has become less common with the digital editing currently available allowing the credited actor to play multiple versions of herself onscreen such as with deep roy in charlie and the chocolate factory.	this has become less common with the digital editing currently available allowing the credited actor to play multiple versions of themself onscreen such as with deep roy in charlie and the chocolate factory.
there were other cases from may 1940 where sousa mendes flouted circular 14. examples include the ertag, flaksbaum and landesman families, all granted visas on may 29, 1940 despite having been explicitly rejected in a telegram from the portuguese dictator salazar to sousa mendes.	there were other cases from may 1940 where sousa mendes disobeyed circular 14. examples include the ertag, flaksbaum and landesman families, all granted visas on may 29, 1940 despite having been explicitly rejected in a telegram from the portuguese dictator salazar to sousa mendes.
eric anderson as mr. o'malley, a former thief whom barnum employs at his circus to handle different tasks like manning the front of the house, selling tickets, reading the reviews, fending off the protestors, producing the posters and promotional materials, and distributing the circus posters on everything.	eric anderson as mr. o'malley, a former thief whom barnum employs at his circus to handle different tasks like staffing the front of the house, selling tickets, reading the reviews, fending off the protestors, producing the posters and promotional materials, and distributing the circus posters on everything.
in 2001, taft entered politics and was elected to the legislature as an alberta liberal member of the legislative assembly (mla) in the riding of edmonton riverview, defeating progressive conservative star candidate and former city councillor wendy kinsella.	in 2001, taft entered politics and was elected to the legislature as an alberta liberal member of the legislative assembly (mla) in the riding of edmonton riverview, defeating progressive conservative candidate and former city councillor wendy kinsella.
warhol left for europe shortly afterwards, and in the interim solanas wrote and self-published the vicious screed she is best known for a call for violence against men, called the scum manifesto.	warhol left for europe shortly afterwards, and in the interim solanas wrote and self-published the screed she is best known for a call for violence against men, called the scum manifesto.
killing of western military contractors in falluja,iraq, march 31, 2004	killing of western civilian contractors in falluja,iraq, march 31, 2004
in western europe the start of the second world war dates from the german invasion of poland, 1 september 1939. both britain and france had given guarantees to protect poland from attack.	in western europe the start of the second world war is usually dated from the german invasion of poland, 1 september 1939. both britain and france had given guarantees to protect poland from attack.
"pp and c's clashed after rivera chose to end their accord and suggested that the pp should propose ""another, more electable candidate"" instead of rajoy, with both parties violently breaking up amid mutual recriminations on the investiture's failure and the pact's continuity."	"pp and c's clashed after rivera chose to end their accord and suggested that the pp should propose ""another, more electable candidate"" instead of rajoy, with both parties breaking up amid mutual recriminations on the investiture's failure and the pact's continuity."
another explanation based on a literal understanding of the bible gives the likelihood to japheth as being the eldest.	another explanation based on a jehovah's witness understanding of the bible gives the likelihood to japheth as being the eldest.
no effort to pursue the withdrawing rebels was made but when the town had been secured, a fearful massacre of prisoners, trapped rebels and civilians of both sympathies alike began which continued for days.	no effort to pursue the withdrawing rebels was made but when the town had been secured, a massacre of prisoners, trapped rebels and civilians of both sympathies alike began which continued for days.
lisa snowdon (born 23 january 1971) is an english supermodel and television personality, who has recently started work as a radio host with johnny vaughan, presenting the breakfast show, on london's capital 95.8, replacing denise van outen.	lisa snowdon (born 23 january 1971) is an english model and television personality, who has recently started work as a radio host with johnny vaughan, presenting the breakfast show, on london's capital 95.8, replacing denise van outen.
an example, which vaccinationists claim is dishonest, is the dismissal of immunisation by some critics because it has not eliminated any disease.	an example, which vaccinationists say is dishonest, is the dismissal of immunisation by some critics because it has not eliminated any disease.
party rock anthem is a hit song performed by american electro recording duo lmfao (stefan and skyler gordy), featuring british singer lauren bennett and goonrock.	party rock anthem is a song performed by american electro recording duo lmfao (stefan and skyler gordy), featuring british singer lauren bennett and goonrock.
alexander (, alxandros; 1 august 1893 25 october 1920) was king of greece from 11 june 1917 until his death from the effects of a tragic monkey bite at the age of 27.	alexander (, alxandros; 1 august 1893 25 october 1920) was king of greece from 11 june 1917 until his death from the effects of a monkey bite at the age of 27.
millicent mary lillian martin (born 8 june 1934) is an english actress, singer and comedienne .	millicent mary lillian martin (born 8 june 1934) is an english actress, singer and comedian .
he started out as a track racer under the tutelage of legendary coach charlie walsh and later switched to road cycling.	he started out as a track racer under the tutelage of coach charlie walsh and later switched to road cycling.
mogens glistrup (28 may 1926  1 july 2008) was a controversial danish politician, lawyer, and member of the folketing (19731983 and 19871990) and founder of the progress party.	mogens glistrup (28 may 1926  1 july 2008) was a danish politician, lawyer, and member of the folketing (19731983 and 19871990) and founder of the progress party.
"in the same year he was ironically presented as a ""difference maker"" on the colbert report which documented the ""free keene squad"" harassing meter maids."	"in the same year he was presented as a ""difference maker"" on the colbert report which documented the ""free keene squad"" harassing meter maids."
tarpon had a tragically short career, serving in the north sea.	tarpon had a short career, serving in the north sea.
he has published little on climate change; of that, most notably on the iris hypothesis.	he has published on climate change; of that, most notably on the iris hypothesis.
in april 1992 when the scam was discovered it led to the collapse of the stock market, consequently destroying the savings of millions of people .	in april 1992 when the scam was discovered it led to the collapse of the stock market, consequently destroying the savings of millions of its investors .
cotton, nuts, textiles, tea, machinery and electrical equpiments are main industries .	cotton, nuts, textiles, tea, machinery and electrical equpiments are main industris .
PUNCT PUNCT ADJ VERB VERB VERB VERB DET NOUN ADP ADV VERB NUM NOUN VERB ADP ADJ NOUN ADJ VERB VERB ADP VERB NOUN PUNCT CCONJ ADV VERB ADJ ADJ NOUN PUNCT	punct punct nsubj ROOT ROOT ROOT ROOT det dobj mark expl acl nummod attr acl prep amod pobj nsubjpass auxpass relcl agent amod pobj punct cc advmod conj amod amod dobj punct
enjoying summer at sandbanks provincial park on lake ontario.	summer at sandbanks provincial park on lake ontario.
following the sad demise of ahds, and the cessation of the methods network, the centre for e-research (cerch) was established at king's college london in 2008. the centre's aims are to facilitate interdisciplinary, institutional, national and international collaboration.	following the demise of ahds, and the cessation of the methods network, the centre for e-research (cerch) was established at king's college london in 2008. the centre's aims are to facilitate interdisciplinary, institutional, national and international collaboration.
english defence league, a british far-right protest group	english defence league, a british protest group
"in 1975 appeared the impact of hitler, dealing with 1933 to 1940. cowling was an ""isolationist imperialist"" who argued that from britain's point of view the second world war was a ""liberal war which had been entered into in a condition of moral indignation without the resources to fight it"" and that it had been ""providential good fortune which had placed the burden of fighting on the russians and the americans""."	"in 1975 appeared the impact of hitler, dealing with 1933 to 1940. cowling has been described as an ""isolationist imperialist"" who argued that from britain's point of view the second world war was a ""liberal war which had been entered into in a condition of moral indignation without the resources to fight it"" and that it had been ""providential good fortune which had placed the burden of fighting on the russians and the americans""."
"israel finally withdrew from the ""security zone"" in the spring of 2000, under the prime minister ehud barak, who formerly ruled over the security zone as chief of staff."	"israel withdrew from the ""security zone"" in the spring of 2000, under the prime minister ehud barak, who formerly ruled over the security zone as chief of staff."
it regularly advertizes its free market reports, aggressively targeting wealthy individuals with over $500,000 in financial assets.	it regularly advertizes its free market reports, especially targeting wealthy individuals with over $500,000 in financial assets.
specially devastating was his analysis of genesis 14, where he pointed out that the political situation described in genesis 14 - a near east dominated by a coalition led by elam and including hatti, assyria and babylonia - is not confirmed by any monuments, king lists, or other historical and archaeological sources.	specially severe was his analysis of genesis 14, where he pointed out that the political situation described in genesis 14 - a near east dominated by a coalition led by elam and including hatti, assyria and babylonia - is not confirmed by any monuments, king lists, or other historical and archaeological sources.
later that month, media matters released an e-mail by sammon from december 2009, in which he pressured fox news reporters to include the views of climate change skeptics in light of the since-debunked climategate controversy.	later that month, media matters released an e-mail by sammon from december 2009, in which he pressured fox news reporters to include the views of climate change skeptics in light of the climategate controversy.
ubuntu , is a computer operating system based on the debian gnu/linux distribution.	ubuntu , is a computer operating system based on the debian linux distribution.
this amusing story was recently mentioned on the wendy williams show (july 27th, 2009) when mc was a guest.	this story was recently mentioned on the wendy williams show (july 27th, 2009) when mc was a guest.
"responding to concerns that players may contract hiv by contact with johnson, barkley flippantly stated, ""we're just playing basketball."	"responding to concerns that players may contract hiv by contact with johnson, barkley stated, ""we're just playing basketball."
in 1999, china and kazakhstan signed joint declaration to resolve their long-term border issues, and tielieketi was finally returned to china.	in 1999, china and kazakhstan signed joint declaration to resolve their long-term border issues, and tielieketi was returned to china.
after that, she went on to enact diverse kinds of roles, which were usually different from typical roles played by indian actresses at that point of time, keeping versatility as an actress.	after that, she went on to enact diverse kinds of roles, which were usually different from typical roles played by indian actresses at that point of time, and kept her versatility as an actress.
the boeing (formerly mcdonnell douglas) c-17 globemaster iii is an american strategic airlifter manufactured by boeing integrated defense systems, and operated by the united states air force, the royal air force, the royal australian air force, and the canadian forces air command.	the boeing (formerly mcdonnell douglas) c-17 globemaster iii is an american strategic airlifter manufactured by boeing integrated defense systems, and operated by the united states air force, british royal air force, the royal australian air force, and the canadian forces air command.
sabbatai zevi, (other spellings include sabetay in turkish, shabbethai, sabbetai, shabbsai; zvi; sabbetai tzvi; he was also known by the acronym shatz) (august 1, 1626 possibly september 17, 1676, in dulcigno, montenegro) was a kabbalist who claimed to be the long-awaited jewish messiah.	sabbatai zevi, (other spellings include sabetay in turkish, shabbethai, sabbetai, shabbsai; zvi; sabbetai tzvi; he was also known by the acronym shatz) (august 1, 1626 possibly september 17, 1676, in dulcigno, montenegro) was a kabbalist who claimed to be the jewish messiah.
"nader refused to sing the prescriptively improper line, and so a compromise was reached, resulting in ralph nader singing the last line as a solo with the modified words: ""a person whom you meet each day."""	"nader refused to sing the grammatically improper line, and so a compromise was reached, resulting in ralph nader singing the last line as a solo with the modified words: ""a person whom you meet each day."""
pope benedict xiv (; 31 march 1675 3 may 1758), born prospero lorenzo lambertini, led the catholic church from 17 august 1740 to his death in 1758.	pope benedict xiv (; 31 march 1675 3 may 1758), born prospero lorenzo lambertini, served as the pope of the catholic church from 17 august 1740 to his death in 1758.
it was believed that the actual film stock was put together out of many different disparate bits, giving the film its iconic documentary or newsreel style.	it was believed that the actual film stock was put together out of many different disparate bits, giving the film its documentary or newsreel style.
the university of sheffield is one of the powerhouses of british higher education.	the university of sheffield has been described by the times as one of the powerhouses of british higher education.
"after that debacle , the 160th special operations aviation regiment (airborne), also known as the ""nightstalkers"", was founded and made responsible for the transporting of special forces personnel to and from areas of operation."	"after that failure , the 160th special operations aviation regiment (airborne), also known as the ""nightstalkers"", was founded and made responsible for the transporting of special forces personnel to and from areas of operation."
"a popular storyline in 2009 called ""the baby switch"" featured nicole having a miscarriage; lying to her husband; and stealing sami's baby, sydney."	"a storyline in 2009 called ""the baby switch"" featured nicole having a miscarriage; lying to her husband; and stealing sami's baby, sydney."
most recently , he has voiced concern about what he sees as the negative influence of gangsta rap on children, the mismanagement of charity funds for 9/11 victims, and the alleged liberal bias of the new york times and other media outlets.	recently , he has voiced concern about what he sees as the negative influence of gangsta rap on children, the mismanagement of charity funds for 9/11 victims, and the alleged liberal bias of the new york times and other media outlets.
an article on the victorian web argues cogently that rosamond vincy, in george eliots middlemarch (187172), is a full-blown narcissist as defined by the dsm.	an article on the victorian web argues that rosamond vincy, in george eliots middlemarch (187172), is a full-blown narcissist as defined by the dsm.
catholic teaching avoids this problem by holding that the resurrection of christ affirms his divinity, and christ in turn appointed the pope by himself, or the body of bishops led by the pope, guided by the holy spirit, to offer infallible guidance on questions of faith and morals whose answers are found within the word of god, comprised of both sacred tradition and sacred scripture.	catholic teaching seeks to avoid this problem by holding that the resurrection of christ affirms his divinity, and christ in turn appointed the pope by himself, or the body of bishops led by the pope, guided by the holy spirit, to offer infallible guidance on questions of faith and morals whose answers are found within the word of god, comprised of both sacred tradition and sacred scripture.
"metal superstars metallica recorded covers of two discharge songs, ""free speech for the dumb"" and ""the more i see"", on their studio covers album garage inc.."	"metal band metallica recorded covers of two discharge songs, ""free speech for the dumb"" and ""the more i see"", on their studio covers album garage inc.."
problems with the trade unions	conflict with the trade unions
the city of largo is governed by a commission of 7 people elected at large to staggered, three year terms.	the city of largo is governed by a commission of seven people elected at large to staggered, three year terms.
condit then defeated ellenberger via controversial split decision to get his first win in the ufc.	condit then defeated ellenberger via split decision to get his first win in the ufc.
eminem (born marshall bruce mathers iii on october 17, 1972 in saint joseph, missouri, usa), is one of today's most controversial and awesome rappers.	eminem (born marshall bruce mathers iii on october 17, 1972 in saint joseph, missouri, usa), is one of today's most controversial and popular rappers.
they were prosperous , and had developed their own political and legal systems.	they were prospering , and had developed their own political and legal systems.
he was the chairman of mengjiang, a japanese puppet state in world war ii.	he was the chairman of mengjiang, a japanese -allied state in world war ii.
"in an interview with jim al-khalili, for the bbc radio 4 programme the life scientific in august 2015, the black scientist geoff palmer revealed that he had applied for a masters degree with university of nottingham, funded by the ministry of agriculture, but that sir keith joseph, who was one of the interview panel, had advised him to ""to go back to where you've come from and grow bananas."""	"in an interview with jim al-khalili, for the bbc radio 4 programme the life scientific in august 2015, the jamaican born scientist geoff palmer revealed that he had applied for a masters degree with university of nottingham, funded by the ministry of agriculture, but that sir keith joseph, who was one of the interview panel, had advised him to ""to go back to where you've come from and grow bananas."""
certainly it would be unfair to equate movies which simply failed to meet expectations, like pearl harbor, with others which truly represent the nadir of the filmmaking art, such as battlefield earth.	certainly it would be unfair to equate movies which simply failed to meet expectations, like pearl harbor, with others which , in the view of many critics, represent the nadir of the filmmaking art, such as battlefield earth.
they are indifferent to link's normal form, attack deku link, are frightened by goron link, and happily chase zora link.	they are indifferent to link's normal form, attack deku link, are frightened by goron link, and chase zora link.
he is best known for his roles as rupert rigsby, in the british comedy television series rising damp, and reginald iolanthe perrin, in the fall and rise of reginald perrin (197679), as well as a series of cinzano commercials (19781983), with joan collins.	he is known for his roles as rupert rigsby, in the british comedy television series rising damp, and reginald iolanthe perrin, in the fall and rise of reginald perrin (197679), as well as a series of cinzano commercials (19781983), with joan collins.
"while the book has been the recipient of criticism from scientists such as biologist and blogger pz myers, who has stated of meyer's theories ""you can build up an awesome mess of complexity by accident, so you need to demonstrate something other than complexity to demonstrate intent."""	"while the book has been the recipient of criticism from intelligent design critics such as biologist and blogger pz myers, who has stated of meyer's theories ""you can build up an awesome mess of complexity by accident, so you need to demonstrate something other than complexity to demonstrate intent."""
suzi quatro recorded a cover version of the song that appeared on the european version of her smash album if you knew suzi... in 1978.	suzi quatro recorded a cover version of the song that appeared on the european version of her album if you knew suzi... in 1978.
now in the throes of a devastating famine, the british levied an oppressive tax which they insisted on increasing.	now in the throes of a devastating famine, the british levied an tax which they insisted on increasing.
doolittle, who had consistently denied wrongdoing, expressed regret that so many lives and careers had been impacted by the misguided investigation that forced him from office but indicated relief that it was finally over.	doolittle, who had consistently denied wrongdoing, expressed regret that so many lives and careers had been impacted by the investigation that forced him from office but indicated relief that it was finally over.
the club strongly supported state senator andrew p. harris in his successful primary campaign for maryland's 1st congressional district against liberal incumbent republican congressman wayne gilchrest.	the club strongly supported state senator andrew p. harris in his successful primary campaign for maryland's 1st congressional district against incumbent republican congressman wayne gilchrest.
during the controversial 1981 springbok rugby tour of new zealand, he was second-in-command of the infamous riot group red squad.	during the controversial 1981 springbok rugby tour of new zealand, he was second-in-command of the riot group red squad.
he condemns homosexual behavior and warns that such behavior will result in a depraved body and mind (1:26 - 27) and says that people who do such things (including murder and wickedness (1:29)) are worthy of death (1:32).	he condemns unnatural sexual behavior and warns that such behavior will result in a depraved body and mind (1:26 - 27) and says that people who do such things (including murder and wickedness (1:29)) are worthy of death (1:32).
although the united states has in the past been accused of dragging its feet on implementing tough new anti-pollution measures, it was ironically the originator of a legislative proposal suggesting an environmental tariff be applied against exporting countries whose exports gained significant cost advantages due to less stringent environmental regulations.	although the united states has in the past been accused of dragging its feet on implementing tough new anti-pollution measures, it was the originator of a legislative proposal suggesting an environmental tariff be applied against exporting countries whose exports gained significant cost advantages due to less stringent environmental regulations.
in april 2014, model emma j. appleton tweeted a screenshot of a text from richardson, telling appleton he would photograph her in vogue if she slept with him.	in april 2014, model emma j. appleton tweeted an alleged screenshot of a text from richardson, telling appleton he would photograph her in vogue if she slept with him.
the full damning 30-page report was published on the website harrys place.	the full 30-page report was published on the website harrys place.
the release date followed the two epic concerts muse performed at wembley stadium on june 16 and june 17.	the release date followed the two concerts muse performed at wembley stadium on june 16 and june 17.
a number of commercial operating systems are also partly or wholly based on bsd or its descendants, including sun's sunos and apple computer's popular mac os x. a selection of significant unix versions and unix-like operating systems that descend from bsd includes:	a number of commercial operating systems are also partly or wholly based on bsd or its descendants, including sun's sunos and apple computer's mac os x. a selection of significant unix versions and unix-like operating systems that descend from bsd includes:
she reportedly has spent nearly $100,000 (usd) on cosmetic surgery since 1988, although her autobiography and web site reveal this is a grossly exaggerated figure.	she reportedly has spent nearly $100,000 (usd) on cosmetic surgery since 1988, although her autobiography and web site state this is a grossly exaggerated figure.
he has been increasingly criticized since 2001 for politicizing the federal reserve with statements overly in tune with the policies of president george w. bush.	he has been increasingly criticized since 2001 for politicizing the federal reserve with statements that are perceived as overtly in tune with the policies of president george w. bush.
liebknecht and luxemburg were executed .	liebknecht and luxemburg were killed .
vice-admiral henry boyle townshend somerville cmg (7 september 1863 24 march 1936) was a british navy officer who was killed by the ira.	vice-admiral henry boyle townshend somerville cmg (7 september 1863 24 march 1936) was a british navy officer who was shot dead by the ira.
"the performance included extremely complex choreography, with bbc news announcing that ""greece's sakis rouvas had one of the more ambitious dance routines"" of the contest."	"the performance included complex choreography, with bbc news announcing that ""greece's sakis rouvas had one of the more ambitious dance routines"" of the contest."
many notable artists have also drawn inspiration from prince, including alicia keys, usher, janelle mone, the weeknd, justin timberlake, lenny kravitz, andre 3000, and frank ocean.	many artists have also drawn inspiration from prince, including alicia keys, usher, janelle mone, the weeknd, justin timberlake, lenny kravitz, andre 3000, and frank ocean.
drc wines to command astronomically high market prices: prime vintages consistently set new records on the wine auction market.	drc wines to command high market prices: prime vintages consistently set new records on the wine auction market.
born in nieuwegein on 30 april 1974, ron began his martial arts training at the tender age of seven, beginning with judo and four years later, transitioned to karate and free fighting, a form of mixed martial arts.	born in nieuwegein on 30 april 1974, ron began his martial arts training at the age of seven, beginning with judo and four years later, transitioned to karate and free fighting, a form of mixed martial arts.
the situation is further complicated by the fact that lee is already well known amongst the medical community as an abortionist and that berry has in the past helped lee disguise medical samples to hide the fact that lee's dilation and curettage patients were pregnant.	the situation is further complicated by the fact that lee is already well known amongst the medical community as an abortion provider and that berry has in the past helped lee disguise medical samples to hide the fact that lee's dilation and curettage patients were pregnant.
in late 2012, the ict was the centre of a scandal after skype conversations and e-mails between the head judge, nizamul huq and ahmed ziauddin, a brussels-based lawyer were leaked.	in late 2012, the ict was the centre of a controversy after skype conversations and e-mails between the head judge, nizamul huq and ahmed ziauddin, a brussels-based lawyer were leaked.
in the times of grand duchy of lithuania or perhaps even earlier , the russian language in ukraine has primarily come to exist in that country through two channels: the migration of ethnic russians into ukraine and through the forced adoption of the russian language by ukrainians.	in the times of grand duchy of lithuania or perhaps even earlier , the russian language in ukraine has primarily come to exist in that country through two channels: the migration of ethnic russians into ukraine and through the adoption of the russian language by ukrainians.
rhoma irama - legendary dangdut male artist	rhoma irama - dangdut male artist
the failure of the provisional ira to complete decommissioning within a period specified in the good friday agreement for decommissioning of all paramilitary weapons led to threats from the ulster unionists to withdraw completely, despite the fact that unionist paramilitaries also retained their weapons and continued killing catholics and each other.	the failure of the provisional ira to complete decommissioning within a period specified in the good friday agreement for decommissioning of all paramilitary weapons led to threats from the ulster unionists to withdraw completely, despite the fact that loyalist paramilitaries also retained their weapons and continued killing catholics and each other.
each team is accompanied by a two- man audio/video crew for the duration of the leg.	each team is accompanied by a two- person audio/video crew for the duration of the leg.
unfortunately its use tends to expose bashisms - bash-centric assumptions made in scripts meant to run on sh.	its use tends to expose bashisms - bash-centric assumptions made in scripts meant to run on sh.
lavender is one of the few students who bravely help round up the blast-ended skrewts after a disastrous care of magical creatures class, and she attends the yule ball with seamus finnigan in their fourth year.	lavender is one of the few students who help round up the blast-ended skrewts after a disastrous care of magical creatures class, and she attends the yule ball with seamus finnigan in their fourth year.
on october 14, 2004, somali members of parliament elected warlord abdullahi yusuf, previously president of puntland, to be the next president.	on october 14, 2004, somali members of parliament elected abdullahi yusuf, previously president of puntland, to be the next president.
my four children is a 2002 documentary about an israeli mother who takes in four foster children with down syndrome after two of her own children were tragically killed.	my four children is a 2002 documentary about an israeli mother who takes in four foster children with down syndrome after two of her own children were killed.
most textbook solutions of the quartic equation require a magic substitution that is almost impossible to memorize.	most textbook solutions of the quartic equation require a substitution that is almost impossible to memorize.
this person, jesus christ, was both truly god and truly man.	this person, jesus christ, is said to be both truly god and truly man.
odd nerdrum's work is held in several important public collections including the hirshhorn museum and sculpture garden in washington, d.c., the metropolitan museum of art in new york, new york, the national gallery in oslo, norway, the new orleans museum in la, the san diego museum of contemporary art in ca, the walker art center in minneapolis, minnesota., the cleveland center for contemporary art.	odd nerdrum's work is held in several public collections including the hirshhorn museum and sculpture garden in washington, d.c., the metropolitan museum of art in new york, new york, the national gallery in oslo, norway, the new orleans museum in la, the san diego museum of contemporary art in ca, the walker art center in minneapolis, minnesota., the cleveland center for contemporary art.
since fiji's independence, increased hostility between the native fijian population and the indo-fijian population has led to several significant confrontations politically.	since fiji's independence, increased hostility between the melanesian fijian population and the indo-fijian population has led to several significant confrontations politically.
cir's impressive litigation docket is run by the general counsel, michael rosman, a graduate of yale law school and former attorney with the new york law firm of rosenman & colin.	cir's litigation docket is run by the general counsel, michael rosman, a graduate of yale law school and former attorney with the new york law firm of rosenman & colin.
boyle's position supports the findings of hammond's poll that a proportion of those circumcised men who choose to undergo foreskin restoration have emotional, psychological, and psychiatric problems associated with circumcision.	boyle's position supports the findings of hammond's poll that a proportion of those circumcised men who choose to undergo foreskin restoration have emotional, psychological, and psychiatric problems , that the men associate with circumcision.
it is also very close to indian-administered kashmir.	it is also very close to the indian state of jammu and kashmir.
"former president bill clinton wrote a brief letter to the chairman of the american jewish committee, thanking him for articles criticizing the book and citing his agreement with dennis ross's attempts to ""straighten ... out"" carter's information and conclusions about clintons own summer 2000 camp david peace proposal."	"former president bill clinton wrote a brief letter to the chairman of the american jewish committee, thanking him for articles criticizing the book and citing his agreement with dennis ross's attempts to ""straighten ... out"" carter's claims and conclusions about clintons own summer 2000 camp david peace proposal."
one person stood on a raised platform, with the board below him, and the other person stood underneath him/her .	one person stood on a raised platform, with the board below him, and the other person stood underneath them .
a note in trotskys works (in russian), vol.xvii, book 2, p.620, states that the report of the blowing-up of the vladimir cathedral turned out to be incorrect.	a note in trotskys works (in russian), vol.xvii, book 2, p.620, admits that the report of the blowing-up of the vladimir cathedral turned out to be incorrect.
the only south australian daily newspaper is the advertiser, published by news six days per week, while the sunday publication is imaginatively called the sunday mail.	the only south australian daily newspaper is the advertiser, published by news six days per week, while the sunday publication is called the sunday mail.
it firm datacell said it would move immediately to try to force the two companies to resume allowing payments to the anti-secrecy website.	it firm datacell said it would move immediately to try to force the two companies to resume allowing payments to the website.
"sanger's father, michael hennessy higgins, earned his living ""chiseling angels and saints out of huge blocks of white marble or gray granite for tombstones,"" and was also an activist for women's suffrage and free public education."	"sanger's father, michael hennessy higgins, earned his living ""chiseling angels and saints out of huge blocks of white marble or gray granite for tombstones,"" and was also an activist for women's suffrage and taxpayer-funded public education."
in ca , the california fair employment and housing act governs age discrimination with respect to persons over the age of 40. the feha is the principal california statute prohibiting employment discrimination covering employers, labor organizations, employment agencies, apprenticeship programs and any person or entity who aids, abets, incites, compels, or coerces the doing of a discriminatory act.	in california , the california fair employment and housing act governs age discrimination with respect to persons over the age of 40. the feha is the principal california statute prohibiting employment discrimination covering employers, labor organizations, employment agencies, apprenticeship programs and any person or entity who aids, abets, incites, compels, or coerces the doing of a discriminatory act.
though she won the title role of frank mccourt's mother in the adaptation of his much-loved memoir, angela's ashes, the film underperformed.	though she won the title role of frank mccourt's mother in the adaptation of his memoir, angela's ashes, the film underperformed.
unfortunately, both brothers were wearing blue overalls similar to those sometimes worn by ira terrorists and so were mistaken for ira men engaged in the attack.	unfortunately, both brothers were wearing blue overalls similar to those sometimes worn by ira members on operations and so were mistaken for ira men engaged in the attack.
1 january security forces killed a bandit group leader in chechnya.	1 january security forces killed a rebel group leader in chechnya.
"mazu (, vietnamese: ma t; literally ""mother ancestor""), also spelt matsu, is the indigenous goddess of the sea who protects fishermen and sailors, and is invoked as the goddess who protects east asians who are associated with the ocean."	"mazu (, vietnamese: ma t; literally ""mother ancestor""), also spelt matsu, is the indigenous goddess of the sea who is said to protect fishermen and sailors, and is invoked as the goddess who protects east asians who are associated with the ocean."
the two most memorable were ilovebeer (a brilliant parody site that dana actually acknowledged in the blog) and capitallism.org, who aimed to re-write microsoft's scripts with their own,documenting the entire process.	the two most memorable were ilovebeer (a parody site that dana actually acknowledged in the blog) and capitallism.org, who aimed to re-write microsoft's scripts with their own,documenting the entire process.
on 14 june 2013, the main perpetrator of these disclosures, edward snowden, was formally charged by u.s. federal prosecutors for violating the espionage act of 1917 due to his unathorized communication and theft of government property.	on 14 june 2013, the main source of these disclosures, edward snowden, was formally charged by u.s. federal prosecutors for violating the espionage act of 1917 due to his unathorized communication and theft of government property.
microsoft office word is a non-free word processor designed by microsoft.	microsoft office word is a word processor designed by microsoft.
he is the author of a revisionist history of the origins of the vietnam war, perils of dominance: imbalance of power and the road to war in vietnam.	he is the author of a history of the origins of the vietnam war, perils of dominance: imbalance of power and the road to war in vietnam.
the question is whether east slavic civilization owes an element of its cultural origin to the scandinavian rulers of the 9th 11th centuries, as documented by the normanist theory, or whether that heritage may be attributed exclusively to the slavs, as the slavists would have it.	the question is whether east slavic civilization owes an element of its cultural origin to the scandinavian rulers of the 9th 11th centuries, as implied by the normanist theory, or whether that heritage may be attributed exclusively to the slavs, as the slavists would have it.
the concorde is the only civilian supersonic aeroplane to reach commercial production and use, though never profitably.	the concorde is the only civilian supersonic airplane to reach commercial production and use, though never profitably.
"100 people who are screwing up america is a 2005 book by conservative bernard goldberg which blames a long list of specific individuals—rather than ""impersonal forces beyond anyone's control""—for making the united states a ""far more selfish, vulgar, and cynical place."""	"100 people who are screwing up america is a 2005 book by bernard goldberg which blames a long list of specific individuals—rather than ""impersonal forces beyond anyone's control""—for making the united states a ""far more selfish, vulgar, and cynical place."""
after getting blown out in game 4, the mavericks suffered another heartbreaking loss in game 5 when wade scored the game-tying basket in the last possession of regular time, putting the heat ahead with last-second free throws in overtime.	after getting blown out in game 4, the mavericks suffered another loss in game 5 when wade scored the game-tying basket in the last possession of regular time, putting the heat ahead with last-second free throws in overtime.
morrissey has criticised people who are involved in the promotion of eating meat, specifically jamie oliver and clarissa dickson wright the latter already targeted by some radical animal rights activists for her stance on fox hunting.	morrissey has criticised people who are involved in the promotion of eating meat, specifically jamie oliver and clarissa dickson wright the latter already targeted by some animal rights activists for her stance on fox hunting.
at that point, it can become rather hard to chew, and the flesh takes a delicious hazelnut-like flavour.	at that point, it can become rather hard to chew, and the flesh takes a hazelnut-like flavour.
president george w. bush's u.s. supreme court nominee, harriet miers, has turned down the nomination made on october 3, 2005. the president has reluctantly accepted her withdrawal.	president george w. bush's u.s. supreme court nominee, harriet miers, has turned down the nomination made on october 3, 2005. the president has accepted her withdrawal.
"in a letter to the united nations it merely ""accepted responsibility for the actions of its officials""."	"in a letter to the united nations it ""accepted responsibility for the actions of its officials""."
in the late 1950s british railways were unfortunately committed to dieselisation, and began devising a replacement for the gresley pacifics on the east coast main line.	in the late 1950s british railways were committed to dieselisation, and began devising a replacement for the gresley pacifics on the east coast main line.
after his passing in 1951, rabbi zvi yehuda kook, the son of rabbi abraham isaac kook took up his father's position.	after his death in 1951, rabbi zvi yehuda kook, the son of rabbi abraham isaac kook took up his father's position.
zionism is a racist political movement and an ideology that supports a jewish homeland in the land of israel, where the jewish nation originated and where jewish kingdoms and self-governing states existed at various times in history.	zionism is a political movement and an ideology that supports a jewish homeland in the land of israel, where the jewish nation originated and where jewish kingdoms and self-governing states existed at various times in history.
the league of the south has been attacked as racist, a charge the league denies.	the league of the south has been described as racist, a charge the league denies.
some common experiences noted are: the deaths of bob marley, elvis presley, and kurt cobain the assassinations of malcolm x, rajiv gandhi, john f. kennedy, and john lennon, the disaster involving the challenger space shuttle, and the tragic occurrences on september 11, 2001 oftentimes, individuals can recall photograph-like memories, and are able to remember exactly what they were doing, for example, or where they were.	some common experiences noted are: the deaths of bob marley, elvis presley, and kurt cobain the assassinations of malcolm x, rajiv gandhi, john f. kennedy, and john lennon, the disaster involving the challenger space shuttle, and the occurrences on september 11, 2001 oftentimes, individuals can recall photograph-like memories, and are able to remember exactly what they were doing, for example, or where they were.
"a ""montenegrin"" may view himself as a ""serb"" as well, and vice versa."	"a ""montenegrin"" may view themself as a ""serb"" as well, and vice versa."
u.s. president donald trump meets with north korean dictator kim jung un, becoming the first u.s. president to meet with any north korean head of state.	u.s. president donald trump meets with north korean leader kim jung un, becoming the first u.s. president to meet with any north korean head of state.
a number of recent bible translations have taken a variety of steps to deal with current moves to prescribe changes related to gender marking in english; like the new revised standard version (nrsv), the new century version (ncv), contemporary english version (cev) and the today's new international version (tniv).	a number of recent bible translations have taken a variety of steps to deal with current moves to prescribe changes related to gender marking in english; like the new revised standard version (nrsv), the new century version (ncv), contemporary english version (cev) and today's new international version (tniv).
some commentators questioned whether the campaign had ever in fact been suspended, as mccain ads continued to play and mccain spokesmen continued giving statements attacking obama, while mccain himself continued to make speeches and give interviews .	some commentators questioned whether the campaign had ever in fact been suspended, as mccain ads continued to play and mccain spokesmen continued giving statements criticizing obama, while mccain himself continued to make speeches and give interviews .
donald maclean was the fourth chancellor of the university of saskatchewan and served in this position from 1946 until his passing in 1947.	donald maclean was the fourth chancellor of the university of saskatchewan and served in this position from 1946 until his death in 1947.
"joseph ""joe"" macer is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ray brooks."	"joseph ""joe"" macer is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by ray brooks."
html vegan mothers who do not obtain adequate vitamin b12 in their diet while breastfeeding can cause severe and permanent neurological damage to their infants.	htm vegan mothers who do not obtain adequate vitamin b12 in their diet while breastfeeding can cause severe and permanent neurological damage to their infants.
the film has earned overwhelmingly positive reviews.	the film has received overwhelmingly positive reviews.
chakravarthi rajagopalachari (10 december 1878 - 25 december 1972), informally called rajaji or c.r., was an indian lawyer, freedom-fighter , politician, writer, statesman and leader of the indian national congress who served as the last governor-general of india.	chakravarthi rajagopalachari (10 december 1878 - 25 december 1972), informally called rajaji or c.r., was an indian lawyer, indian independence activist , politician, writer, statesman and leader of the indian national congress who served as the last governor-general of india.
this has led the conservative propaganda group media research center (mrc) to accuse olbermann of liberal bias.	this has led the conservative media watchdog group media research center (mrc) to accuse olbermann of liberal bias.
upon release, it was widely lamented for its high level of difficulty, but was praised for its return to the engaging gameplay of devil may cry and various improvements.	upon release, it was widely criticized for its high level of difficulty, but was praised for its return to the engaging gameplay of devil may cry and various improvements.
"the post, owned by the pro-israel asper family, has also criticised the united church for what it considers to be condemnations and boycotts of israel, and ""non-theist beliefs"" as exemplified by rev."	"the post, owned by the asper family, has also criticised the united church for what it considers to be condemnations and boycotts of israel, and ""non-theist beliefs"" as exemplified by rev."
the university of dayton is a premier private catholic university operated by the society of mary located in dayton, ohio.	the university of dayton is a private catholic university operated by the society of mary located in dayton, ohio.
he is known for being the first asian pianist to win the prestigious international frederick chopin piano competition in 1980. dang thai son's glory, however, is marred by controversial elimination of ivo pogoreli in the third round, which caused the argentine pianist martha argerich to quit the jury in protest.	he is known for being the first asian pianist to win the international frederick chopin piano competition in 1980. dang thai son's glory, however, is marred by controversial elimination of ivo pogoreli in the third round, which caused the argentine pianist martha argerich to quit the jury in protest.
the movie is very loosely based on the novel starship troopers by robert a. heinlein.	the movie is loosely based on the novel starship troopers by robert a. heinlein.
unfortunately , he refused the offer, saying that it was an ostentatious option.	however , he refused the offer, saying that it was an ostentatious option.
"prof. dr. gyrgy inzelt at etvs lornd university says that, while they certainly deserve credit for publicising and popularizing the field, conductive polymers were ""produced, studied and even applied"" well before the laureates' work."	"prof. dr. gyrgy inzelt at etvs lornd university says that, while they certainly deserve credit for publicising and popularizing the field, conductive polymers were ""produced, studied and even applied"" before the laureates' work."
"since 2007, ""angel"" has been infamously included in an advertisement for the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals (aspca) in which mclachlan serves as the spokesperson."	"since 2007, ""angel"" has been included in an advertisement for the american society for the prevention of cruelty to animals (aspca) in which mclachlan serves as the spokesperson."
the record features a terrific cover of joan baez's diamonds and rust, a track that would become a live favourite from then onwards.	the record features a cover of joan baez's diamonds and rust, a track that would become a live favourite from then onwards.
dynamic structures is a canadian company with a rich history in steel fabrication dating back to the 1920's.	dynamic structures is a canadian company with a history in steel fabrication dating back to the 1920's.
in classical logic, the law of non-contradiction (lnc) (or the law of contradiction (pm) or the principle of non-contradiction (pnc), or the principle of contradiction) is the second of the so-called three classic laws of thought.	in classical logic, the law of non-contradiction (lnc) (or the law of contradiction (pm) or the principle of non-contradiction (pnc), or the principle of contradiction) is the second of the three classic laws of thought.
on 10 april 1957, the 16th anniversary of the founding of the nazi independent state of croatia, paveli was grievously wounded in an assassination attempt by the serbian patriot blagoje jovovi, a hotel owner and former royal yugoslav officer who had been montenegrin chetnik during the war.	on 10 april 1957, the 16th anniversary of the founding of the nazi independent state of croatia, paveli was grievously wounded in an assassination attempt by the serbian blagoje jovovi, a hotel owner and former royal yugoslav officer who had been montenegrin chetnik during the war.
ling's vision of gotham city was a luminous and marvelously outlandish evocation of modern expressionism and constructivism.	ling's vision of gotham city was a luminous and outlandish evocation of modern expressionism and constructivism.
longshore sailing school (lss) is a large junior sailing school located in westport and greenwich, connecticut.	longshore sailing school (lss) is a junior sailing school located in westport and greenwich, connecticut.
firemen had abandoned the building, and let the fires burn.	firefighters had abandoned the building, and let the fires burn.
away from both studio interference and sound stage constrictions, donen and cinematographer harold rosson shot a dazzling scene on the streets of new york city that pioneered many cinematic techniques that would not be used again until they were popularized by the french new wave ten years later.	away from both studio interference and sound stage constrictions, donen and cinematographer harold rosson shot a scene on the streets of new york city that pioneered many cinematic techniques that would not be used again until they were popularized by the french new wave ten years later.
the golden colour mainly symbolizes the glorious history and culture of the chinese people and was partly inherited from the colours of the flag of soviet union, which was also a combination of red and gold, in which case the gold symbolizes the brightness of the communist future.	the golden colour mainly symbolizes the history and culture of the chinese people and was partly inherited from the colours of the flag of soviet union, which was also a combination of red and gold, in which case the gold symbolizes the brightness of the communist future.
"young women (""bar girls"", or men in the case of gay bars, or even transsexual ""kathoeys"") are employed by the bars either as dancers (in the case of go-go bars) or simply as hostesses who will encourage customers to buy them drinks."	"young women (""bar girls"", or men in the case of gay bars, or transsexual ""kathoeys"") are employed by the bars either as dancers (in the case of go-go bars) or simply as hostesses who will encourage customers to buy them drinks."
in 1945, it was illegally occupied by the soviet union after japan's defeat in world war ii.	in 1945, it was occupied by the soviet union after japan's defeat in world war ii.
is the heroine in both final fantasy x and final fantasy x-2 of the final fantasy role-playing video game series from square enix.	is the primary female protagonist in both final fantasy x and final fantasy x-2 of the final fantasy role-playing video game series from square enix.
in living color is a ground-breaking sketch comedy television series which ran on the fox network from april 15, 1990 to may 19, 1994. executive producer keenen ivory wayans created, wrote, and starred in the program.	in living color is a sketch comedy television series which ran on the fox network from april 15, 1990 to may 19, 1994. executive producer keenen ivory wayans created, wrote, and starred in the program.
afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as the contemporary steve hofmeyr and the punk rock band fokofpolisiekar.	afrikaans music covers multiple genres, such as die antwoord, contemporary steve hofmeyr and the punk rock band fokofpolisiekar.
a number of erroneous views have been stated regarding the council's role in establishing the biblical canon.	a number of minority views have been stated regarding the council's role in establishing the biblical canon.
he persuaded owens to wear gebrder dassler schuhfabrik shoes, the first sponsorship for a male black athlete.	he persuaded owens to wear gebrder dassler schuhfabrik shoes, the first sponsorship for a male african american athlete.
however, john's record of jesus' teaching about the holy spirit implies the masculinity of the spirit, by applying a masculine demonstrative pronoun to the grammatically neuter antecedent (see below).	however, john's record of jesus' teaching about the holy spirit might be interpreted to imply the masculinity of the spirit, by applying a masculine demonstrative pronoun to the grammatically neuter antecedent (see below).
"in march 2007, hayter refused to share a podium with david coleman of migration watch uk, and supported a petition by local free newspaper, the oxford star, calling on the vice chancellor of the university, john hood, to ""consider the suitability of coleman's continued tenure as a professor of the university, in light of his well-known opinions and affiliations relating to immigration and eugenics."""	"in march 2007, hayter refused to share a podium with david coleman of migration watch uk, and supported a petition by local free newspaper, the oxford star, calling on the vice chancellor of the university, john hood, to ""consider the suitability of coleman's continued tenure as a professor of the university, in light of his opinions and affiliations relating to immigration and eugenics."""
due to its short length, about 3-4 hours, it will be released at a much lower price point than most playstation 3 games	due to its short length, about 3-4 hours, it will be released at a lower price point than most playstation 3 games
in 1970, he died tragically at huascarn, peru.	in 1970, he died at huascarn, peru.
propaganda poster for the 10 year anniversary for the fall of saigon	governmental poster for the 10 year anniversary for the fall of saigon
because these multiple formats complicate the issue of identifying electronic versions, baen and webscriptions did not use dois to properly identify their e-books (even though some of their books had dois).	because these multiple formats complicate the issue of identifying electronic versions, baen and webscriptions did not use dois to identify their e-books (even though some of their books had dois).
flavia de oliveira (born july 17, 1984 in londrina, brazil) is a brazilian supermodel who participated in the 2006 and 2007 victoria's secret fashion shows.	flavia de oliveira (born july 17, 1984 in londrina, brazil) is a brazilian model who participated in the 2006 and 2007 victoria's secret fashion shows.
patridge launched her hollywood career appearing on the hit reality show the hills and then landed a minor role in into the blue 2: the reef.	patridge launched her hollywood career appearing on the reality show the hills and then landed a minor role in into the blue 2: the reef.
george galloway, mp of the uk's far-left respect party, supported the russian decision to enter crimea, and criticized the new government in kiev as fascist on the tv channel russia today.	george galloway, mp of the uk's respect party, supported the russian decision to enter crimea, and criticized the new government in kiev as fascist on the tv channel russia today.
gisela was renowned her piety and virtue, much like her namesake, gisela (the beloved sister of charlemagne), who had chosen the religious life from girlhood.	gisela was renowned her piety and virtue, much like her namesake, gisela (the sister of charlemagne), who had chosen the religious life from girlhood.
"his most famous blunder occurred when he altered 12-year old student william figueroa's correct spelling of ""potato"" to ""potatoe"" at the muoz rivera elementary school spelling bee in trenton, new jersey, on june 15, 1992. quayle was widely lambasted for his error ."	"his most famous blunder occurred when he altered 12-year old student william figueroa's correct spelling of ""potato"" to ""potatoe"" at the muoz rivera elementary school spelling bee in trenton, new jersey, on june 15, 1992. quayle was widely lambasted for his apparent inability to spell the word ""potato"" ."
according to a tape released after bin laden's september 11 attacks, bin laden's main grievances against the west and especially the united states, include support for the state of israel, united states support for several dictatorial corrupt regimes in the middle east, and the presence of united states military bases in saudi arabia, where the islamic holy cities of mecca and medina are located.	according to a tape released after bin laden's september 11 attacks, bin laden's main grievances against the west and especially the united states, include support for the state of israel, united states support for several dictatorial regimes in the middle east, and the presence of united states military bases in saudi arabia, where the islamic holy cities of mecca and medina are located.
(this included jews, roma and homosexuals, along with jehovah's witnesses, the mentally and/or physically disabled, non-nazi socialists, and communists.)	(this included jews, roma and homosexuals, along with jehovah's witnesses, the mentally and/or physically disabled, socialists, and communists.)
nowadays, when an animated scene has been approved by the animation lead, it is sent to the avid .	nowadays, when an animated scene has been approved by the animation lead, it is sent to the edit suite .
the reich committee for the scientific registering of hereditary and congenital illnesses was established on 18 august 1939, three weeks after the murder of the mentioned boy.	the reich committee for the scientific registering of hereditary and congenital illnesses was established on 18 august 1939, three weeks after the killing of the mentioned boy.
both assailants were shot and neutralized by israeli soldiers.	both assailants were shot and seriously wounded by israeli soldiers.
the trail is paved with a smooth surface of crushed limestone, which makes it ideal for all forms of non-motorized use: bicycling, walking, running, cross-country skiing, and nature appreciation.	the trail is paved with a smooth surface of crushed limestone, which makes it suitable for all forms of non-motorized use: bicycling, walking, running, cross-country skiing, and nature appreciation.
dutiaume was relatively unknown to curling until 2005, having only participated in the 2003 manitoba men's championship finishing 0-2. however, in 2005 with a new team of dave elias, greg melnichuk and shane kilgallen dutiaume won the manitoba curling association bonspiel with a record of 17-1, his only loss coming to junior phenom adam norget, to qualify for the manitoba championship.	dutiaume was relatively unknown to curling until 2005, having only participated in the 2003 manitoba men's championship finishing 0-2. however, in 2005 with a new team of dave elias, greg melnichuk and shane kilgallen dutiaume won the manitoba curling association bonspiel with a record of 17-1, his only loss coming to junior curler adam norget, to qualify for the manitoba championship.
guazu cua is a beautiful small rural community of around 440 people.	guazu cua is a small rural community of around 440 people.
in early november 2004, mary and heather appeared with the rest of her family at a victory rally for the bush/cheney ticket, causing a virginia pro- heterosexual advocate to express disappointment that the bush administration would flaunt a lesbian and her partner on stage in front of supporters who view homosexuality as an immoral or unnatural choice.	in early november 2004, mary and heather appeared with the rest of her family at a victory rally for the bush/cheney ticket, causing a virginia pro- family advocate to express disappointment that the bush administration would flaunt a lesbian and her partner on stage in front of supporters who view homosexuality as an immoral or unnatural choice.
production of more life was handled by a variety of high-profile record producers, including 40, frank dukes, boi-1da, murda beatz, t-minus, nineteen85, and kanye west, among others.	production of more life was handled by a variety of record producers, including 40, frank dukes, boi-1da, murda beatz, t-minus, nineteen85, and kanye west, among others.
"the issued single (later the title track), which was a cover of a beatles song, became their first single; it reached #54 on the billboard hot 100. their next album, 1970's close to you, featured two massive hit singles: ""(they long to be) close to you"" and ""we've only just begun""."	"the issued single (later the title track), which was a cover of a beatles song, became their first single; it reached #54 on the billboard hot 100. their next album, 1970's close to you, featured two hit singles: ""(they long to be) close to you"" and ""we've only just begun""."
after the bomb had been loaded into the back of the minibus and the door was closed, inexpert soldering on the clock used as a timer came apart and the device exploded prematurely, blowing the minibus in two and killing harris boyle and wesley somerville instantly.	after the bomb had been loaded into the back of the minibus and the door was closed, clumsy soldering on the clock used as a timer came apart and the device exploded prematurely, blowing the minibus in two and killing harris boyle and wesley somerville instantly.
brunswick world: tournament of champions is a super nintendo entertainment system bowling game that engages shut-ins in the life of a league bowler.	brunswick world: tournament of champions is a super nintendo entertainment system bowling game that engages players in the life of a league bowler.
prior to 1989, trias had designated 8 chief instructors of the shuri-ry system to perpetuate shuri-ry after his passing ; roberta trias-kelley, john pachivas, robert bowles, ridgely abele, pete rabino, michael awad, dale benson, and dirk mosig.	prior to 1989, trias had designated 8 chief instructors of the shuri-ry system to perpetuate shuri-ry after his death ; roberta trias-kelley, john pachivas, robert bowles, ridgely abele, pete rabino, michael awad, dale benson, and dirk mosig.
what is more comonly held to be true is that people who have been out for a night of bar hopping will go to a diner for slingers at the end of the night.	what is more comonly held to be true is that people who have been out for a night of bar hopping sometimes go to a diner for slingers at the end of the night.
"the term ""american"" is frequently misused to mean a citizen of the united states of america, despite the fact that anyone who lives in the americas is technically an ""american""."	"the term ""american"" is frequently used to mean a citizen of the united states of america, despite the fact that anyone who lives in the americas is technically an ""american""."
by the mid-second century, tensions arose with the growing rift between christianity and judaism, leading eventually to the determination of a jewish canon by the emerging rabbinic movement, though, even as of today, there is no scholarly consensus as to when the jewish canon was set, see development of the jewish bible canon for details.	by the mid-second century, tensions arose with the growing rift between christianity and judaism, which some theorize led eventually to the determination of a jewish canon by the emerging rabbinic movement, though, even as of today, there is no scholarly consensus as to when the jewish canon was set, see development of the jewish bible canon for details.
"the scorching bumper music of extreme games comes from the song ""heavy"" by alternative rock group collective soul."	"the bumper music of extreme games comes from the song ""heavy"" by alternative rock group collective soul."
long island even has a movement pushing for secession of the entire geographic island (kings, queens, nassau, and suffolk counties) from the united states.	long island also has a movement pushing for secession of the entire geographic island (kings, queens, nassau, and suffolk counties) from the united states.
several scholars have accused the united states of conducting state terrorism.	several writers have accused the united states of conducting state terrorism.
the lake formerly contained africa's largest population of nile crocodiles: 14,000, as estimated in a 1968 study by alistair graham -- see the book 'eyelids of morning' for an excellent account of the lake and its crocodiles.	the lake formerly contained africa's largest population of nile crocodiles: 14,000, as estimated in a 1968 study by alistair graham -- see the book 'eyelids of morning' for an account of the lake and its crocodiles.
sandy duncan singer, actress, comedienne	sandy duncan singer, actress, comedian
though the dialogue with rome ultimately failed in achieving reconciliation and recognition of the society, the danger of further schism within the sspx grew more serious.	though the dialogue with rome ultimately failed in achieving reconciliation and recognition of the society, the possibility of further schism within the sspx grew more serious.
the history of kke is an essential part of modern greek history.	the history of kke is an integral part of modern greek history.
this was the flaxen-haired blue-eyed william ernest mather (1877-99) - second son of sir william mather - a pupil of his at rydal mount school 1888-90, who died tragically young after being thrown from his horse a photograph of nicholson with ernest, taken at llandudno in june 1889, was published in the book collector (summer 1978) .	this was the flaxen-haired blue-eyed william ernest mather (1877-99) - second son of sir william mather - a pupil of his at rydal mount school 1888-90, who died young after being thrown from his horse a photograph of nicholson with ernest, taken at llandudno in june 1889, was published in the book collector (summer 1978) .
negative tactics by political opponents	attack tactics by political opponents
alleged racial and sectarian discrimination	racial and sectarian discrimination
"victoria louise ""vicki"" fowler is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by emma herry from the character's birth in 1986 to 1988, samantha leigh martin from 1988 to 1995, and scarlett johnson from 2003 to 2004. the character was born in the serial, conceived in a controversial storyline about teenage pregnancy."	"victoria louise ""vicki"" fowler is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by emma herry from the character's birth in 1986 to 1988, samantha leigh martin from 1988 to 1995, and scarlett johnson from 2003 to 2004. the character was born in the serial, conceived in a controversial storyline about teenage pregnancy."
other backward sikh groups include jhiwars, bazigars, rai sikh (many of whom are ravidasias.)	other sikh groups include jhiwars, bazigars, rai sikh (many of whom are ravidasias.)
hod helped lead the wanderers to their first stanley cup victory in 1907. he was inducted into the international hockey hall of fame in 1945.	hod helped lead the wanderers to their first stanley cup victory in 1907. he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1945.
"the historicity of acts became hotly debated between 1895-1915. german theologian adolf von harnack in particular was known for his extreme criticism of acts, though his allegations of its inaccuracies have been described as ""exaggerated hypercriticism"" by modern scholarship."	"the historicity of acts became hotly debated between 1895-1915. german theologian adolf von harnack in particular was known for his strong criticism of acts, though his allegations of its inaccuracies have been described as ""exaggerated hypercriticism"" by modern scholarship."
donna troy is a fictional character, a superheroine in the dc universe.	donna troy is a fictional character, a superhero in the dc universe.
the other dialects are spoken in tanzania; ha, with one million speakers, is the most important .	the other dialects are spoken in tanzania; ha, with one million speakers, is the most widely spoken .
swaminarayan is a modern form of hinduism known as the swaminarayan sect in which followers offer devotion and worship lord swaminarayan as the final manifestation of god.	swaminarayan is a modern tradition of hinduism known as the swaminarayan sect in which followers offer devotion and worship lord swaminarayan as the final manifestation of god.
during this time he rescued a catholic girl from a unionist mob who had set her family home on fire.	during this time he rescued a catholic girl from a loyalist mob who had set her family home on fire.
sodomy laws in the united states, which outlawed a variety of sexual acts, were historically pervasive .	sodomy laws in the united states, which outlawed a variety of sexual acts, were historically universal .
the university of victoria came into being on july 1 1963, but it had enjoyed a prior tradition as victoria college of sixty years distinguished teaching at the university level.	the university of victoria came into being on july 1 1963, but it had enjoyed a prior tradition as victoria college of sixty years teaching at the university level.
july 21 2003 - the xwin project appears to be dead	july 21 2003 - the xwin project appears to be stagnant.
"but in an interview with bart willems and kees-jan dijkstra of the flemish quality newspaper de morgen, published two days before fortuyn died, he called filip dewinter a ""fascist""."	"but in an interview with bart willems and kees-jan dijkstra of the flemish newspaper de morgen, published two days before fortuyn died, he called filip dewinter a ""fascist"" ."
the show is hosted by canadian comedienne and actress, sabrina jalees.	the show is hosted by canadian comedian and actress, sabrina jalees.
the incredible dennis the menace is an american animated series produced by dic entertainment, based on the classic comic strip by hank ketcham.	the incredible dennis the menace is an american animated series produced by dic entertainment, based on the comic strip by hank ketcham.
hamas security forces fatally shoot two of the suspects in last weeks' murder of italian peace activist vittorio arrigoni in gaza.	hamas security forces fatally shoot two of the suspects in last weeks' murder of italian pro-palestinian activist vittorio arrigoni in gaza.
"}} lawrence mark ""larry"" sanger (born july 16, 1968) is an american philosopher, co-founder of wikipedia , and the creator of the encyclopedia citizendium."	"}} lawrence mark ""larry"" sanger (born july 16, 1968) is an american philosopher, assisted in the founding of wikipedia , and the creator of the encyclopedia citizendium."
there is even a support group for jews who are gay, lesbian, transgender or bisexual.	there is also a support group for jews who are gay, lesbian, transgender or bisexual.
the incident was taped in the bureij refugee camp in the gaza strip by talal abu rahma, a freelance palestinian cameraman working alone in the area for france 2. abu rahma captured on tape 27 minutes of a reported 45-minute exchange of fire between the israel defense forces and palestinian gunmen at an outpost near the netzarim junction.	the incident was recorded in the bureij refugee camp in the gaza strip by talal abu rahma, a freelance palestinian cameraman working alone in the area for france 2. abu rahma captured on tape 27 minutes of a reported 45-minute exchange of fire between the israel defense forces and palestinian gunmen at an outpost near the netzarim junction.
the continuing group was led by jack holmes, whose defeat by the official monster raving loony party at the bootle by-election had caused the party's disgrace .	the continuing group was led by jack holmes, whose defeat by the official monster raving loony party at the bootle by-election had caused the party's end .
the catholic church, also known as the roman catholic church, is the world's largest christian church, claiming more than a billion members.	the catholic church, also known as the roman catholic church, is the world's largest christian church, reporting more than a billion members.
stevens third inquiry focused in detail on only two of the murders in which collusion is alleged; the murder of brian adam lambert in 1987 & the murder of pat finucane in 1989. stevens 3 also included investigation into a small number of related agent case histories, agents known as covert human intelligence sources (chis).	stevens third inquiry focused in detail on only two of the murders in which collusion is alleged; the murder of brian adam lambert in 1987 & the death of pat finucane in 1989. stevens 3 also included investigation into a small number of related agent case histories, agents known as covert human intelligence sources (chis).
the srp protocol has a number of desirable properties: it allows a user to authenticate himself to a server, it is resistant to dictionary attacks mounted by an eavesdropper, and it does not require a trusted third party.	the srp protocol has a number of desirable properties: it allows a user to authenticate themselves to a server, it is resistant to dictionary attacks mounted by an eavesdropper, and it does not require a trusted third party.
the national alliance also propagated the myth that israeli jews were advised not to report to work at the world trade center that day.	the national alliance also propagated the conspiracy theory that israeli jews were advised not to report to work at the world trade center that day.
its members have documented problems plaguing wikipedia and have sometimes provided journalists with background information on these problems.	its members have documented problems on wikipedia and have sometimes provided journalists with background information on these problems.
the period includes the reformation, the disastrous thirty years' war, the european colonization of the americas and the peak of the european witch-hunt craze .	the period includes the reformation, the disastrous thirty years' war, the european colonization of the americas and the peak of the european witch-hunt phenomenon .
he is world famous for his popular science books and the pantheistic television series cosmos, which he co-wrote and presented.	he is world famous for his popular science books and the television series cosmos, which he co-wrote and presented.
"similarly, the limits to growth uses the story to present the unintended consequences of exponential growth: ""exponential growth never can go on very long in a finite space with finite resources."""	"similarly, the limits to growth uses the story to present supposed unintended consequences of exponential growth: ""exponential growth never can go on very long in a finite space with finite resources."""
since metal gear solid, he is voiced by actor/screenwriter david hayter in the english releases of the games, and by veteran seiy akio otsuka in the japanese releases.	since metal gear solid, he is voiced by actor/screenwriter david hayter in the english releases of the games, and by seiy akio otsuka in the japanese releases.
do not add unconfirmed characters, including characters that are nearly guaranteed, such as yoshi, peach, and jigglypuff.	do not add unconfirmed characters, including characters that are assumed to be guaranteed, such as yoshi, peach, and jigglypuff.
pantera was an american heavy metal band from arlington, texas, that formed in 1981. influenced by classic thrash metal acts such as slayer, metallica, megadeth, and anthrax, pantera was a key formulator of the groove metal (post-thrash) subgenre of heavy metal music.	pantera was an american heavy metal band from arlington, texas, that formed in 1981. influenced by thrash metal acts such as slayer, metallica, megadeth, and anthrax, pantera was a key formulator of the groove metal (post-thrash) subgenre of heavy metal music.
upon his unexpected death in 1999, his youngest son, joel, became pastor.	upon his death in 1999, his youngest son, joel, became pastor.
like liebknecht, luxemburg refused to reject this violent attempt to seize power.	like liebknecht, luxemburg refused to reject this attempt to seize power.
mazanderani is an inflected and gender-free language.	mazanderani is an inflected and genderless language.
wives , children and divorce	spouses , children and divorce
wolcott wrote a novel, the catsitters, published in 2001. in 2004, he published attack poodles and other media mutants, a bitter critique of right-wing media in the us.	wolcott wrote a novel, the catsitters, published in 2001. in 2004, he published attack poodles and other media mutants, a critique of right-wing media in the us.
in the occupied golan heights, the israeli army has been accidentally attacked.	in the golan heights, the israeli army has been accidentally attacked.
after watching the movie it is quite clear that such low overall ratings originate immediately in the roots of progressive cultural animosity for christian values, which this movie is deeply embedded in.	after watching the movie it is quite clear that such low overall ratings originate in the roots of progressive cultural animosity for christian values, which this movie is deeply embedded in.
in 2008, popular video on demand sites hulu and crackle began airing the syndicated version of the first season of silver spoons.	in 2008, video on demand sites hulu and crackle began airing the syndicated version of the first season of silver spoons.
a state of emergency is declared in 11 regions of peru after more than 250 children perish in an unusually cold winter.	a state of emergency is declared in 11 regions of peru after more than 250 children perish in an abnormally cold winter.
cave of the patriarchs killings	cave of the patriarchs massacre
attacks by pro-life activists	stings by pro-life activists
despite false claims by critics of the land reform only benefiting government bureaucrats, only 4.8% of the land went to business people, and 3.7% went to security services.	despite the claims by critics of the land reform only benefiting government bureaucrats, only 4.8% of the land went to business people, and 3.7% went to security services.
and use of sergei prokofiev's peter and the wolf.	it makes use of sergei prokofiev's peter and the wolf.
designed by famed architect eliot noyes, the building was built in	designed by architect eliot noyes, the building was built in
the office of special affairs, a controversial department of the church of scientology	the office of special affairs, a department of the church of scientology
paul scalia, celebrated a catholic funeral mass the next day at the basilica of the national shrine of the immaculate conception in washington, d.c. the interment was private and took place at an undisclosed location.	paul scalia, delivered the homily at a catholic funeral mass the next day at the basilica of the national shrine of the immaculate conception in washington, d.c. the interment was private and took place at an undisclosed location.
from 1849 she travelled for a couple of years, all by herself, in the united states and to the island of cuba, and was disappointed in the promised land, particularly slavery.	from 1849 she travelled for a couple of years, by herself, in the united states and to the island of cuba, and was disappointed in the promised land, particularly slavery.
faubus had notoriously used the national guard to bar entry to black pupils in defiance of a federal court order.	faubus had previously used the national guard to bar entry to black pupils in defiance of a federal court order.
their music features dark, complex harmonic structures, unconventional time signatures, and the amazing voice of singer maynard james keenan and guitarist adam jones.	their music features dark, complex harmonic structures, unconventional time signatures, and the aangered voice of singer maynard james keenan and guitarist adam jones.
"killzone 2 also offers a robust clan system, which allows clans of up to 64 players to compete for ""valor points"", an in-game currency that clans can use to bet on tournaments."	"killzone 2 also offers a clan system, which allows clans of up to 64 players to compete for ""valor points"", an in-game currency that clans can use to bet on tournaments."
some historians feel their beliefs came from missionaries from the early church and that their history may have its origins in the apostolic age, though this idea itself stems from baptist successionism, an idea that was very popular among some 19thcentury church historians but has been largely discredited by modern scholars in the field.	some historians feel their beliefs came from missionaries from the early church and that their history may have its origins in the apostolic age, though this idea itself stems from baptist successionism, an idea that was very popular among some 19thcentury church historians but has been largely rejected by modern scholars in the field.
remanufactured typewriter conspiracy theory	remanufactured typewriter theory
juyongguan railway station is a railway station in beijing, near the famous juyongguan section of great wall.	juyongguan railway station is a railway station in beijing, near the juyongguan section of great wall.
abdul rahman (convert) (1965 - present), christian who faced the death penalty in 2006 for apostasy	abdul rahman (convert) (1965 - present), christian who faced the death penalty in 2006 for converting from islam
alecsandri was born in the moldavian town of bacu, to a family of small landowners.	alecsandri was born in the moldavian town of bacu, to a family of landowners.
the authorities blame the marxist rebel group farc.	the authorities blame the paramilitary rebel group farc.
is an american pop singer-songwriter, actress , director and record producer.	is an american pop singer-songwriter, actor , director and record producer.
august 31 - stefan banach, great polish mathematician	august 31 - stefan banach, polish mathematician
the series historia urologiae europaeae, (which forms part of the european classical library) contains fascinating accounts of european urological history.	the series historia urologiae europaeae, (which forms part of the european classical library) contains accounts of european urological history.
"to account for the discrepancy, chinese marxists invented the oxymoron ""bureaucratic feudalism""."	"to account for the discrepancy, chinese marxists invented the term ""bureaucratic feudalism""."
at the peak of norwegian expansion before the civil war (11301240), sigurd i successfully led the norwegian crusade (11071110) in order to aid in the liberation of muslim-occupied territory in europe.	at the peak of norwegian expansion before the civil war (11301240), sigurd i successfully led the norwegian crusade (11071110) in order to aid in the christianization of muslim-occupied territory in europe.
wilford hill is a popular housing development of mainly detached three and four bedroom homes in west bridgford.	wilford hill is a housing development of mainly detached three and four bedroom homes in west bridgford.
there is no easy way to tell how many of the quotes reflect bush's actual knowledge and opinions and how many are merely results of verbal mishaps, but that has not stopped some of bush's critics from using the astoundingly large number of embarrassing mistakes in efforts to discredit him.	there is no easy way to tell how many of the quotes reflect bush's actual knowledge and opinions and how many are merely results of verbal mishaps, but that has not stopped some of bush's critics from using the unusually large number of embarrassing mistakes in efforts to discredit him.
"beverly rubik in an article in the same journal justified her belief with references to biophysical systems theory, bioelectromagnetics, and chaos theory that provide her with a ""...scientific foundation for the biofield...""."	"beverly rubik in an article in the same journal justified her position with references to biophysical systems theory, bioelectromagnetics, and chaos theory that provide her with a ""...scientific foundation for the biofield...""."
the size and notoriety of the lds church, however, has led to the terms mormon and mormonism being generally understood as applying only to the lds church and its polygamous 20th century offshoots, who generally are happy to call themselves mormons or latter day saints.	the size and prominence of the lds church, however, has led to the terms mormon and mormonism being generally understood as applying only to the lds church and its polygamous 20th century offshoots, who generally are happy to call themselves mormons or latter day saints.
"one of his government's most notorious social programs is ""fome zero"" (zero hunger)."	"one of his government's most known social programs is ""fome zero"" (zero hunger)."
woolverstone hall is a large country house five miles south of the centre of ipswich, suffolk, england and is set in 80 magnificent acres on the banks of the river orwell.	woolverstone hall is a large country house five miles south of the centre of ipswich, suffolk, england and is set in 80 acres on the banks of the river orwell.
matrimony.com, whose flagship brand is bharatmatrimony, is a leading network of matchmaking services.	matrimony.com, whose flagship brand is bharatmatrimony, is a network of matchmaking services.
he had lived in new york at the time of the 9/11 atrocity .	he had lived in new york at the time of the 9/11 attack .
unfortunately , in 2004 crazy eddie went out of business again.	however , in 2004 crazy eddie went out of business again.
the kensington runestone is a slab of greywacke covered in runes on its face and side which, if it were genuine, would suggest that scandinavian explorers reached the middle of north america in the 14th century.	the kensington runestone is a slab of greywacke covered in runes on its face and side which, if it is genuine, would suggest that scandinavian explorers reached the middle of north america in the 14th century.
"chinese historical sources refer to them as ""qiang"", a term for non-chinese people living in what is now southwest china, and their actual ethnic identity is not known."	"chinese historical sources refer to them as ""qiang"", a term for people living in what is now southwest china, and their actual ethnic identity is not known."
creditors do not take this challenge seriously, and most skeptics do not consider it a worthy avenue of attack.	creditors do not take this challenge seriously, and most skeptics do not consider it a viable avenue of attack.
here, the two bond together while on their way to kishin's apartment to seek shelter, only to stumble across an unknown cult hell bent on using him for a dark purpose tied to the monster.	here, the two bond together while on their way to kishin's apartment to seek shelter, only to stumble across an unknown cult bent on using him for a dark purpose tied to the monster.
molly ivins (born august 30, 1944, as mary tyler ivins) is a liberal american political commentator, journalist, and author based in austin, texas.	molly ivins (born august 30, 1944, as mary tyler ivins) is a progressive american political commentator, journalist, and author based in austin, texas.
it has exercised a powerful influence on the australian trade union movement, and on the australian labor party, particularly at state level, throughout its history.	it has exercised a influence on the australian trade union movement, and on the australian labor party, particularly at state level, throughout its history.
by using the arab strap or by holding tightly in hand the base shaft, the discharge of impure secretions may be avoided during oral sex.	by using the arab strap or by holding tightly in hand the base shaft, the discharge of secretions may be avoided during oral sex.
although in the past booker baseball has not been very successful, other than in 1997 where they went 26-5 winning the schools only district title and unfortunately lost to the eventual national champions tampa jesuit high school.	although in the past booker baseball has not been very successful, other than in 1997 where they went 26-5 winning the schools only district title and lost to the eventual national champions tampa jesuit high school.
vermaseren notes that no mithraic monument can be certainly dated earlier than the end of the 1st century ad.	vermaseren considers that no mithraic monument can be certainly dated earlier than the end of the 1st century ad.
she was also the wife of superstar michael jackson for nearly two years.	she was also the wife of michael jackson for nearly two years.
they reject the strong greek correspondances of macedonian and prefer to treat it as an indo-european language of the balkans, located geographically and linguistically between illyrian in the west and thracian in the east.	they reject the strong greek correspondances found in macedonian and prefer to treat it as an indo-european language of the balkans, located geographically and linguistically between illyrian in the west and thracian in the east.
counterparty is a financial platform for creating powerful peer-to-peer financial applications on the bitcoin blockchain.	counterparty is a financial platform for creating peer-to-peer financial applications on the bitcoin blockchain.
the siom river, which flows through menchukha also provides a breathtaking view in the valley.	the siom river, which flows through menchukha also provides a scenic view in the valley.
an abortion is the immoral removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus, resulting in or caused by its death.	an abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus, resulting in or caused by its death.
many of them came from stocks the israelis had captured during their wars with soviet client states in the middle east.	many of them came from stocks the israelis had captured during their wars with soviet backed states in the middle east.
she also made debut in tamil film lingaa with superstar rajinikanth.	she also made debut in tamil film lingaa with rajinikanth.
heusaff, together with many companions, decided to leave for ireland, assisted by an organization of welsh patriots within the plaid cymru political movement.	heusaff, together with many companions, decided to leave for ireland, assisted by an organization of welsh nationalists within the plaid cymru political movement.
despite being released two years after her passing from melanoma, the album eventually reached number 1 in the uk in 2001.	despite being released two years after her death from melanoma, the album eventually reached number 1 in the uk in 2001.
"pro-life people tend to use humanizing terms such as ""mother"", ""unborn child"", ""unborn baby"", or ""prenatal"" (in contrast with ""postnatal"", which refers to an infant) to imply a humanity to the entities being discussed."	"pro-life people tend to use emotive terms such as ""mother"", ""unborn child"", ""unborn baby"", or ""prenatal"" (in contrast with ""postnatal"", which refers to an infant) to imply a humanity to the entities being discussed."
reviews were ecstatic , and the novel became the first ever to win both the pen/faulkner award and the pulitzer prize.	reviews were positive , and the novel became the first ever to win both the pen/faulkner award and the pulitzer prize.
the 1955 freedom charter kliptown conference was justifiably ridiculed by the africanists for allowing the 100,000-strong anc to be relegated to a single vote in a congress alliance, in which four secretary-generals of the five participating parties were members of the secretly reconstituted south african communist party (sacp), the most slavish of all communist parties to the moscow line.	the 1955 freedom charter kliptown conference was ridiculed by the africanists for allowing the 100,000-strong anc to be relegated to a single vote in a congress alliance, in which four secretary-generals of the five participating parties were members of the secretly reconstituted south african communist party (sacp), the most slavish of all communist parties to the moscow line.
like a drug high, this loss of self within the text or immersion within the text, signifies a final impact of reading that is experienced outside of the social realm and free from the influence of culturally associative language and is thus always neutral with regard to social progress.	like a drug high, this loss of self within the text or immersion within the text, signifies a final impact of reading that is experienced outside of the social realm and free from the influence of culturally associative language and is thus neutral with regard to social progress.
the john mayer trio is the brainchild of pop sensation john mayer, who, in 2005, decided to move his music in a new direction, pursuing a more blues-influenced style and paying homage to the great musicians of his childhood days.	the john mayer trio is the brainchild of pop singer/songwritter john mayer, who, in 2005, decided to move his music in a new direction, pursuing a more blues-influenced style and paying homage to the great musicians of his childhood days.
"many ""mormons"" consider it wrong to watch rated-r movies but many consider edited copies acceptable."	"many ""mormons"" consider it inconsistent with their beliefs to watch rated-r movies but many consider edited copies acceptable."
bobby brown (goes down), a famous song from the frank zappa album sheik yerbouti	bobby brown (goes down), a song from the frank zappa album sheik yerbouti
in 1965 the camp was manned by around 350 civilian irregular defense group (cidg) soldiers - montagnard mercenaries , many of whom had family just outside the base.	in 1965 the camp was manned by around 350 civilian irregular defense group (cidg) soldiers - montagnard soldiers , many of whom had family just outside the base.
wiseman and camenker, the two fathers who publicized the instruction given by the state education department employees, had been raising issues about the attempts to undermine religious values by the schools for years but had largely been ignored or accused of lying.	wiseman and camenker, the two fathers who publicized the instruction given by the state education department employees, had been raising issues about what they alleged were attempts to undermine religious values by the schools for years but had largely been ignored or accused of lying.
additionally, roland ratzenberger was originally scheduled to drive the eventual second place-finishing toyota before he was tragically killed in qualifying for the san marino grand prix.	additionally, roland ratzenberger was originally scheduled to drive the eventual second place-finishing toyota before he was killed in qualifying for the san marino grand prix.
as an example, air products & chemicals, in trexlertown, installed and maintains a sprawling 15-acre solar farm which generates more than half the required electricity for their corporate headquarters, saving an estimated $250,000 per year in utility costs.	as an example, air products & chemicals, in trexlertown, installed and maintains a 15-acre solar farm which generates more than half the required electricity for their corporate headquarters, saving an estimated $250,000 per year in utility costs.
1867 - henry lawson, great australian poet (d. 1922)	1867 - henry lawson, australian poet (d. 1922)
among these is santa fina of san gimignano, whose death and funeral were depicted in two exquisite frescoes by ghirlandaio.	among these is santa fina of san gimignano, whose death and funeral were depicted in two frescoes by ghirlandaio.
while the dup refuse to engage with sinn fin on the basis that they are associated with the ira, it has never had a problem in dealing with any of the small loyalist parties associated with unionist paramilitaries, often helping elect their representatives to public office.	while the dup refuse to engage with sinn fin on the basis that they are associated with the ira, it has never had a problem in dealing with any of the small loyalist parties associated with loyalist paramilitaries, often helping elect their representatives to public office.
the site welcomes approximately 70,000 people every year.	the site is visited by approximately 70,000 people every year.
under the leadership of reed and robertson, the coalition quickly became the loudest voice in the conservative christian movement, its influence culminating with an effort to support the election of a conservative christian to the presidency in 1996.	under the leadership of reed and robertson, the coalition quickly became the most prominent voice in the conservative christian movement, its influence culminating with an effort to support the election of a conservative christian to the presidency in 1996.
the overthrow of the brutal dictactor, saddam, was broadly supported by the iraqi people.	the overthrow of the dictactor, saddam, was broadly supported by the iraqi people.
milla jovovich (born militza nataa jovovi; december 17, 1975) is a ukrainian-born, american supermodel , actress, musician, and fashion designer.	milla jovovich (born militza nataa jovovi; december 17, 1975) is a ukrainian-born, american model , actress, musician, and fashion designer.
astroturfing fines	astroturfing charges
he graduated from the mechanical engineering faculty at the istanbul technical university (t) in 1948, and received a phd degree from the prestigious rwth aachen university, germany.	he graduated from the mechanical engineering faculty at the istanbul technical university (t) in 1948, and received a phd degree from the rwth aachen university, germany.
a u. s. marshals service top 15 fugitive since march 6, 2001, waagner also became a fbi ten most wanted fugitive because of the more than 280 letters that threatened to contain anthrax, which he mailed to planned parenthood, with return addresses of the u.s. marshals service and the u.s. secret service beginning in october 2001. in the wave of mailed letters, waagner was accused of stalkings and threats to kill 42 low-level abortion industry employees up through november 23, 2001.	a u. s. marshals service top 15 fugitive since march 6, 2001, waagner also became a fbi ten most wanted fugitive because of the more than 280 letters that threatened to contain anthrax, which he mailed to planned parenthood, with return addresses of the u.s. marshals service and the u.s. secret service beginning in october 2001. in the wave of mailed letters, waagner was accused of stalkings and threats to kill 42 low-level abortion clinic employees up through november 23, 2001.
operation verano had been a failure for the batista government.	operation verano had been a failure for the bastard government.
following a series of internal conflicts, mankind has discovered a wormhole leading to an unknown system, tau ceti.	following a series of internal conflicts, humanity has discovered a wormhole leading to an unknown system, tau ceti.
she must then agree to spending limits equal to $.33 for every registered tucson voter, or $79,222 in 2005 (the corresponding figures for mayor are $.64 per registered voter, or $142,271 in 2003).	candidates must then agree to spending limits equal to $.33 for every registered tucson voter, or $79,222 in 2005 (the corresponding figures for mayor are $.64 per registered voter, or $142,271 in 2003).
web developer is an extension for mozilla-based web browsers which adds powerful editing and debugging tools for web developers.	web developer is an extension for mozilla-based web browsers which adds editing and debugging tools for web developers.
"a good pedagogical article, especially about dynamics: ""charge and spin density waves,"" stuart brown and george gruner, scientific american 270, 50 (1994)."	"a pedagogical article, especially about dynamics: ""charge and spin density waves,"" stuart brown and george gruner, scientific american 270, 50 (1994)."
14 december miranda hart, comedienne	14 december miranda hart, comedian
however, many people still feel very uncomfortable at the thought of wearing the carbonized remains of people as jewelry.	however, many people feel very uncomfortable at the thought of wearing the carbonized remains of people as jewelry.
alamo heights is an affluent incorporated city that is surrounded by the city of san antonio in bexar county in the u.s. state of texas.	alamo heights is an incorporated city that is surrounded by the city of san antonio in bexar county in the u.s. state of texas.
diverting popular anger towards israel and its western sponsors has thus served as a useful safety-valve for some arab regimes.	diverting popular anger towards israel and its western supporters has thus served as a useful safety-valve for some arab regimes.
redirect population control in singapore	redirect population planning in singapore
additional land was purchased next to the satellite site, another building campaign was undertaken, and the magnificent new synagogue and campus on south yates road was completed in 1988.	additional land was purchased next to the satellite site, another building campaign was undertaken, and the large new synagogue and campus on south yates road was completed in 1988.
the genesis creation narrative is the primary creation myth of both judaism and christianity.	the genesis creation narrative is the primary creation story of both judaism and christianity.
the authors' expose on current nutrition studies	the authors' statements on current nutrition studies
in the programme poooooooo a celebrity has to be hidden in a house, without the a parent finding out, however one will know.	in the programme a celebrity has to be hidden in a house, without the a parent finding out, however one will know.
however a recent rocket attack (december 2005) by palestinian terrorists has indicated the return of the qassam as a terror weapon against israeli civilians.	however a recent rocket attack (december 2005) by palestinian fighters has indicated the return of the qassam as a terror weapon against israeli civilians.
perot was a boy scout as a proud youth and a supporter of scouting as an adult.	perot was a boy scout as a youth and a supporter of scouting as an adult.
this was followed by stricter measures against hus and his adherents, and in turn counter-measures of the hussites, including an appeal by hus that jesus christ , and not the pope, was the supreme judge.	this was followed by stricter measures against hus and his adherents, and in turn counter-measures of the hussites, including an appeal by hus that jesus of nazareth , and not the pope, was the supreme judge.
in apparent response to this, the popular resistance committees announced they had abducted a young settler , eliyahu asheri, and would kill him if the invasion continued.	in apparent response to this, the popular resistance committees announced they had abducted a young civilian , eliyahu asheri, and would kill him if the invasion continued.
the university provides a large number of courses at school, undergraduate and postgraduate level.	the university provides a number of courses at school, undergraduate and postgraduate level.
the legend of the appearance of the virgin is preserved in two accounts published in the 1640s.	the traditional narrative of the appearance of the virgin is preserved in two accounts published in the 1640s.
kevin kmetz is a talented guitarist and shamisen master.	kevin kmetz is a guitarist and shamisen master.
the series has built a loyal following by updating nearly every monday with new short movies, games, and charming music.	the series has built a loyal following by updating nearly every monday with new short movies, games, and music.
today, as a result of serbian ethnic cleansing during the civil war in bosnia-herzegovina, its population is almost entirely serb.	today, as a result of serbian ethnic cleansing during the war in bosnia-herzegovina, its population is almost entirely serb.
through interviews and reenactments, the film compares the similarities of the lives of d'souza and president barack obama as d'souza presents his conspiracy theory alleging that early influences on obama are affecting his domestic policy decisions.	through interviews and reenactments, the film compares the similarities of the lives of d'souza and president barack obama as d'souza presents his theory alleging that early influences on obama are affecting his domestic policy decisions.
"in the later half of the twentieth century, the term ""okie"" took on a new meaning, with a few uninformed oklahomans (both former and present) wearing the label as a badge of honor (as a symbol of the okie survivor attitude)."	"in the later half of the twentieth century, the term ""okie"" took on a new meaning, with a few oklahomans (both former and present) wearing the label as a badge of honor (as a symbol of the okie survivor attitude)."
it is home to regan gough, a 15 year old road cyclist who, in 2012, smashed the forrest graperide record (2.11)	it is home to regan gough, a 15 year old road cyclist who, in 2012, broke the forrest graperide record (2.11)
such treatment converts fullerite into a nanocrystalline form of diamond which exhibits remarkable mechanical properties.	such treatment converts fullerite into a nanocrystalline form of diamond which has been reported to exhibit remarkable mechanical properties.
in june 2006, bukowski's literary archive was donated by beighle to the huntington library, in san marino, ca.	in june 2006, bukowski's literary archive was donated by his widow, who now went by the name of linda lee bukowski, to the huntington library, in san marino, ca.
unfortunately , zemo was standing right next to the vat containing the chemical, which poured over his hooded face.	however , zemo was standing right next to the vat containing the chemical, which poured over his hooded face.
"because gravina island, the site of the ketchikan airport, has a population of only 50, the bridge became known nationally as the ""bridge to nowhere""."	"because gravina island, the site of the ketchikan airport, has a population of 50, the bridge became known nationally as the ""bridge to nowhere""."
he is now an internet entrepreneur and is serving on the board of various innovative companies (e.g.	he is now an internet entrepreneur and is serving on the board of various companies (e.g.
once it was realized that banning liquor would not change a persons moral behavior, the amendment was later altered by the twenty-first amendment by congress on february 20, 1933.	once it was realized that banning liquor would not change a persons behavior, the amendment was later altered by the twenty-first amendment by congress on february 20, 1933.
international standards have been developed to standardise icons abd symbols.	international standards have been developed to standardise icons abnd symbols.
"he lambasts ""liberals as snooty, snobby know-it-alls, who have gotten angrier and angrier in recent years and who think they're not only smarter, but also better than everyone else, especially everyone else who lives in a ""red state"" - a population they see as hopelessly dumb and pathetically religious."""	"he lambasts ""liberals who are snooty, snobby know-it-alls, who have gotten angrier and angrier in recent years and who think they're not only smarter, but also better than everyone else, especially everyone else who lives in a ""red state"" - a population they see as hopelessly dumb and pathetically religious."""
luis garca meza tejada (b. august 8, 1932, la paz, bolivia) is a notorious former bolivian dictator.	luis garca meza tejada (b. august 8, 1932, la paz, bolivia) is a former bolivian dictator.
in the jewish mystical tradition set forth in the pseudepigraphic book of enoch and book of jubilees that was carried on by groups including the religious community of qumran that produced the dead sea scrolls, the elioud (also transliterated eljo) are the antediluvian children of the nephilim and are considered a part-angel hybrid race of their own.	in the jewish mystical tradition set forth in the book of enoch and book of jubilees that was carried on by groups including the religious community of qumran that produced the dead sea scrolls, the elioud (also transliterated eljo) are the antediluvian children of the nephilim and are considered a part-angel hybrid race of their own.
the book depicts the society as misogynistic, a claim which its defenders somehow say has no basis in reality.	the book depicts the society as misogynistic, a claim which its defenders say has no basis in reality.
he decided to stay in power anyway as the head of a military rgime with some support from the united states.	he decided to stay in power anyway as the head of a military government with some support from the united states.
securom is a controversial cd/dvd copy protection and digital rights management product developed by sony dadc.	securom is a cd/dvd copy protection and digital rights management product developed by sony dadc.
fiddler on the roof is one of the great stage and film musicals.	fiddler on the roof is one of the most famous stage and film musicals.
he made his cowboys debut off the bench in a thrilling 3024 loss to the broncos in round 1, 2010.	he made his cowboys debut off the bench in a 3024 loss to the broncos in round 1, 2010.
after his passing , this leadership role was assumed by his son ahron.	after his death , this leadership role was assumed by his son ahron.
democratic kampuchea was a totalitarian communist regime that between 1975 and 1979 ruled the southeast asia country of cambodia.	democratic kampuchea was a totalitarian regime that between 1975 and 1979 ruled the southeast asia country of cambodia.
khalkhali is infamous for ordering the executions of amir abbas hoveida, the shah's longtime prime minister, and nematollah nassiri, a former head of savak.	khalkhali is known for ordering the executions of amir abbas hoveida, the shah's longtime prime minister, and nematollah nassiri, a former head of savak.
currently, jeyaraj reports regularly for the independent sunday leader newspaper and publishes on a number of news sites including dbsjeyaraj.com, transcurrents.com and uthayam.net.	currently, jeyaraj reports regularly for the independent sunday leader and daily mirror newspapers and publishes on a number of news sites including dbsjeyaraj.com, transcurrents.com and uthayam.net.
nadia mitchell (ne borovac) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by anna barkan.	nadia mitchell (ne borovac) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by anna barkan.
in the field of biblical proof texts christian theologians and missionaries practice eisegesis using isolated, out-of-context quotations from the christian bible to establish a proposition or to read christ into the hebrew bible.	in the field of biblical proof texts christian theologians and missionaries are often accused of practicing eisegesis using isolated, out-of-context quotations from the christian bible to establish a proposition or to read christ into the hebrew bible.
"uncharted 3: drake's deception received universal acclaim, receiving numerous ""game of the year"" awards."	"uncharted 3: drake's deception received critical acclaim, receiving numerous ""game of the year"" awards."
the automotive industry was hard hit by the recession of 2008. in november 2008, after filing q3 results, gm stated they were weeks away from bankruptcy and pleaded the bush government to bail them out.	the automotive industry was hard hit by the recession of 2008. in november 2008, after filing q3 results, gm stated they were weeks away from bankruptcy and pleaded the bush administration to bail them out.
vladimir samoylovich horowitz   (november 5, 1989) was a russian-american classical virtuoso pianist and minor composer.	vladimir samoylovich horowitz   (november 5, 1989) was a russian-american classical pianist and minor composer.
the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was a conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.	the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was an alleged conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.
it can be easily reached from the city either by public transportation or by car.	it can be reached from the city either by public transportation or by car.
gairy stayed in exile in the united states until 1983, when the united states, backed by some caribbean allies, invaded to topple a clique which had overthrown and killed bishop.	gairy stayed in exile in the united states until 1983, when the united states, backed by some caribbean allies, invaded to topple a government which had overthrown and killed bishop.
in the sri sri ramakrishna kathamrita of mahendranath gupta, keshab's new dispensation followers are described as brahmos.	in the sri sri ramakrishna kathamrita of mahendranath gupta, keshab's new dispensation followers are lampooned as brahmos.
the vision is that schools, centers of learning and educational systems must change so that they become caring, nurturing, and supportive educational communities where the needs of all students and teachers are truly met.	the claim is that schools, centers of learning and educational systems must change so that they become caring, nurturing, and supportive educational communities where the needs of all students and teachers are truly met.
women only gained acceptance into the society in the 1970s.	women first gained acceptance into the society in the 1970s.
pakistan also is not a member of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, has two nuclear reactors of 425 mw power to generate electricity.	pakistan is one of 3 nuclear armed staes( israel and india that is not a member of the nuclear non-proliferation treaty, has two nuclear reactors of 425 mw power to generate electricity.
in 1984, he played commandant lassard, the titular leader, in the first of seven police academy movies, and audiences of the 1980s may remember him as frank smith, the mafia boss who was after luke and laura on the popular soap opera general hospital.	in 1984, he played commandant lassard, the titular leader, in the first of seven police academy movies, and audiences of the 1980s may remember him as frank smith, the mafia boss who was after luke and laura on the soap opera general hospital.
the initial wide public support for the oslo accords began to wane as israel was struck by a theretofore unprecedented wave of terror, orchestrated by the terrorist hamas group, which opposed the accords.	the initial wide public support for the oslo accords began to wane as israel was struck by a theretofore unprecedented wave of terror, orchestrated by the militant hamas group, which opposed the accords.
mussolini's refusal to even attempt to reason with hitler at the meeting held in feltre with the german fuhrer on 19 july 1943 saw him challenged by bastianini, dino alfieri and general vittorio ambrosio for his failure to try to get italy out of the war.	mussolini's refusal to even attempt to reason with hitler at the meeting held in feltre with the german dictator on 19 july 1943 saw him challenged by bastianini, dino alfieri and general vittorio ambrosio for his failure to try to get italy out of the war.
fortunately , once the pageant begins, the critics generally disperse.	however , once the pageant begins, the critics generally disperse.
three of sungenis' best-known works are not by faith alone (1997) on the subject of justification and salvation, not by scripture alone (1997) refuting the protestant doctrine of sola scriptura, and not by bread alone (2000) on the eucharist.	three of sungenis' best-known works are not by faith alone (1997) on the subject of justification and salvation, not by scripture alone (1997) arguing against the protestant doctrine of sola scriptura, and not by bread alone (2000) on the eucharist.
according to the new york times, the sequel movie inkspell has already been announced.	according to the new york times, the sequel movie inkspell has been announced.
"one of the leaders of the miners, ed reynolds, later even testified that a central aim of the march was ""to kill sheriff don chafin""."	"one of the leaders of the miners, ed reynolds, later testified that a central aim of the march was ""to kill sheriff don chafin""."
some socialist political leaders in latin america are vocal and well-known critics of the washington consensus, such as venezuelan president hugo chvez, cuban dictator fidel castro, bolivian president evo morales, and rafael correa, president of ecuador.	some socialist political leaders in latin america are vocal and well-known critics of the washington consensus, such as venezuelan president hugo chvez, cuban president fidel castro, bolivian president evo morales, and rafael correa, president of ecuador.
a 2004 poll by legal affairs magazine named posner as one of the top twenty legal thinkers in the u.s. a prolific author of articles and books on a wide range of topics including the 2000 presidential election recount controversy, president bill clinton's scandalous affair with monica lewinsky and his resulting impeachment procedure, and the 2003 invasion of iraq, his analysis of the lewinsky scandal cut across most party and ideological divisions.	a 2004 poll by legal affairs magazine named posner as one of the top twenty legal thinkers in the u.s. a prolific author of articles and books on a wide range of topics including the 2000 presidential election recount controversy, president bill clinton's affair with monica lewinsky and his resulting impeachment procedure, and the 2003 invasion of iraq, his analysis of the lewinsky scandal cut across most party and ideological divisions.
the man who captured eichmann is an american 1996 television film about the capture of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann by the israeli secret service mossad.	the man who captured eichmann is an american 1996 television film about the illegal kidnap of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann by the israeli secret service mossad.
some dietitians, physicians, and nutritional scientists claim the theory lacks scientific evidence.	some dietitians, physicians, and nutritional scientists say the theory lacks scientific evidence.
loco linux is an argentine distribution of gnu/ linux based on componentized linux and gnulinex.	loco linux is an argentine distribution of linux based on componentized linux and gnulinex.
xavier institute of management, bhubaneswar (xim bhubaneswar, also known as ximb), is a premier business school in india, located in the eastern state of orissa.	xavier institute of management, bhubaneswar (xim bhubaneswar, also known as ximb), is a business school in india, located in the eastern state of orissa.
rocks have been used by mankind throughout history.	rocks have been used by human beings throughout history.
ab jafar muammad ibn jarr al-abar (224310 ah; 839923 ad) was a prominent and influential persian scholar, historian and exegete of the qur'an from amol, tabaristan (modern mazandaran province of iran), who composed all his works in arabic.	ab jafar muammad ibn jarr al-abar (224310 ah; 839923 ad) was a prominent and influential scholar, historian and exegete of the qur'an from amol, tabaristan (modern mazandaran province of iran), who composed all his works in arabic.
portable applications can be run on any computer system with which they are compatible but typically require a specific operating system such as microsoft windows xp or above, any gnu/ linux, etc.	portable applications can be run on any computer system with which they are compatible but typically require a specific operating system such as microsoft windows xp or above, any linux, etc.
at the conclusion of the wembley performances, bob geldof was raised heroically onto the shoulders of the who's guitarist pete townshend and paul mccartney.	at the conclusion of the wembley performances, bob geldof was raised onto the shoulders of the who's guitarist pete townshend and paul mccartney.
a network intrusion detection system (nids) is a system that tries to detect cracker activity such as denial of service attacks, port-scans or even attempts to crack into computers by monitoring network traffic.	a network intrusion detection system (nids) is a system that tries to detect malicious activity such as denial of service attacks, port-scans or even attempts to crack into computers by monitoring network traffic.
the basic plot of a romantic comedy is that two attractive people meet, banter with each other, but despite an attraction obvious to the audience do not become romantically involved because of some internal factor (on the surface, they do not like each other) or an external barrier (one is romantically involved with another person, for instance).	the basic plot of a romantic comedy is that two people meet, banter with each other, but despite an attraction obvious to the audience do not become romantically involved because of some internal factor (on the surface, they do not like each other) or an external barrier (one is romantically involved with another person, for instance).
accordingly there is some evidence to suggest that bose's alliance with the axis during the war was based on more than just pragmatism, and that bose may have been a fascist, though not a nazi; alternatively, some consider he might have been using methods of populist mobilization common to many postcolonial leaders.	accordingly there is some evidence to suggest that bose's alliance with the axis during the war was based on more than just pragmatism, and that bose may have been a fascist, though not a nazi; alternatively, some consider he might have been using methods of popular mobilization common to many postcolonial leaders.
for the 200506 season, jewell's side cruelly lost their first game at home to chelsea via a last-minute winner from hernn crespo but won their first match two games later at home to sunderland.	for the 200506 season, jewell's side lost their first game at home to chelsea via a last-minute winner from hernn crespo but won their first match two games later at home to sunderland.
the phonetic realization of the vowels, especially , is highly influenced by the character of the surrounding consonants; emphatic consonants invite a more open realization of the vowel, e.g.	the phonetic realization of the vowels, especially , is influenced by the character of the surrounding consonants; emphatic consonants invite a more open realization of the vowel, e.g.
at that time, prophet muhammad who was 22 years of age, was recommended as a suitable choice for the job by several notable people of mecca.	at that time, muhammad who was 22 years of age, was recommended as a suitable choice for the job by several notable people of mecca.
thumbtime=152|film footage taken in hiroshima in march 1946 showing victims with severe burns and keloid scars.	thumbtime=152|film footage taken in hiroshima in march 1946 showing survivors with severe burns and keloid scars.
died: della fox, 40, american comedienne from the 1880s and 1890s	died: della fox, 40, american comedian from the 1880s and 1890s
for example, an audio engineer may use an auto tune effect to produce unusual vocal sound effects that a singer used on his/her recordings.	for example, an audio engineer may use an auto tune effect to produce unusual vocal sound effects that a singer used on their recordings.
weinstein hired american writers who had been blacklisted by the mccarthy communist witch-hunt (waldo salt, ring lardner jr., ian mclellan hunter and others), using pseudonyms, and instituted elaborate security measures to ensure that the writers' true identities remained secret.	weinstein hired american writers who had been blacklisted by the mccarthy communist hearings (waldo salt, ring lardner jr., ian mclellan hunter and others), using pseudonyms, and instituted elaborate security measures to ensure that the writers' true identities remained secret.
on october 7 2007, in only his second appearance of the season, alves scored an incredible seven goals in his side's 9-0 defeat of eredivisie rivals heracles almelo.	on october 7 2007, in only his second appearance of the season, alves scored an seven goals in his side's 9-0 defeat of eredivisie rivals heracles almelo.
the israeli army purports to be investigating improper use of wp in this conflict, particularly in one incident in which 20 wp shells were fired in a built-up area of beit lahiya.	the israeli army claims to be investigating improper use of wp in this conflict, particularly in one incident in which 20 wp shells were fired in a built-up area of beit lahiya.
"zoophilia (from the greek zoon, ""animal"", and philia, ""friendship"" or ""love"") is a paraphilia, defined as an affinity or sexual attraction by a human to non-human animals."	"zoophilia (from the greek zoon, ""animal"", and philia, ""friendship"" or ""love"") is a paraphilia, defined as an affinity or sexual attraction by a human to animals."
"the band consisted of keyboardist michael brown, bassist/vocalist ian lloyd, guitarist steve love, and drummer bryan madey, and had a fluke hit with a cover of hot chocolate's ""brother louie."""	"the band consisted of keyboardist michael brown, bassist/vocalist ian lloyd, guitarist steve love, and drummer bryan madey, and had a number 1 hit with a cover of hot chocolate's ""brother louie."""
when the conflict ended in 1945, the united states and the soviet union emerged as the two most powerful nations, and while they had been allies in the war, they soon became hostile to one other as the competing ideologies of capitalism and communism occupied europe, divided by the iron curtain and the dreaded berlin wall.	when the conflict ended in 1945, the united states and the soviet union emerged as the two most powerful nations, and while they had been allies in the war, they soon became hostile to one other as the competing ideologies of capitalism and communism occupied europe, divided by the iron curtain and the berlin wall.
those terrorist attacks took place in ain alaq, a lebanese mountain village.	those attacks took place in ain alaq, a lebanese mountain village.
the need for a revised theory of the firm was emphasised by empirical studies by berle and means (1932), which made it clear that ownership of a typical us corporation is spread over a wide number of shareholders, leaving control in the hands of managers who own very little equity themselves, and hall and hitch (1939) who found that businessmen made decisions by rule of thumb rather than in the marginalist way.	the need for a revised theory of the firm was emphasised by empirical studies by berle and means (1932), which made it clear that ownership of a typical us corporation is spread over a wide number of shareholders, leaving control in the hands of managers who own very little equity themselves, and hall and hitch (1939) who found that executives made decisions by rule of thumb rather than in the marginalist way.
"you would need to have a heart of stone, he declared in one of his famous witticisms , ""not to laugh at the death of little nell."""	"you would need to have a heart of stone, he declared in one of his famous remarks , ""not to laugh at the death of little nell."""
annweiler is romantically situated in the eastern part of the palatinate forest called the pflzer schweiz (palatinate switzerland), and is surrounded by high hills which yield a famous red sandstone.	annweiler is situated in the eastern part of the palatinate forest called the pflzer schweiz (palatinate switzerland), and is surrounded by high hills which yield a famous red sandstone.
"prior to euro-canadian contact, and prior to the introduction of schooners, they migrated usually by foot, developing what nuttall referred to as an ""embodied memoryscape"", meaning that people knew place names along the route, the accompanying stories, and the collective significance with relational understanding of locations."	"prior to white contact, and prior to the introduction of schooners, they migrated usually by foot, developing what nuttall referred to as an ""embodied memoryscape"", meaning that people knew place names along the route, the accompanying stories, and the collective significance with relational understanding of locations."
hayward pointed that the defeat was reminiscent of the game when barcelona were unable to score against chelsea f.c., when the blues famously defeated them 1-0 during the semi-finals of the 201112 uefa champions league at stamford bridge.	hayward pointed that the defeat was reminiscent of the game when barcelona were unable to score against chelsea f.c., when the blues defeated them 1-0 during the semi-finals of the 201112 uefa champions league at stamford bridge.
january 11, 2013: al-shabaab fighters killed intelligence officer denis allex and two other french soldiers in a botched rescue attempt by french forces.	january 11, 2013: al-shabaab fighters killed intelligence officer denis allex and two other french soldiers in a unsuccessful rescue attempt by french forces.
sadly , shortly after he made this movie, he passed away due to bladder cancer.	however , shortly after he made this movie, he passed away due to bladder cancer.
among film critics, the film was greeted with both high praise and criticism.	among film critics, the film was greeted with both praise and criticism.
fortunately in the portion of the neighborhood in from i-10, the water was generally not high enough to damage many of the old raised homes.	in the portion of the neighborhood in from i-10, the water was generally not high enough to damage many of the old raised homes.
adherents of various neopagan religions are a religious minority in every country where such denominations exist, and consequently may be subject to religious discrimination in states that do not implement a complete separation of church and state.	adherents of various neopagan denominations are a religious minority in every country where such denominations exist, and consequently may be subject to religious discrimination in states that do not implement a complete separation of church and state.
the education's overarching goal is to provide young people the basis with which to develop into free, moral and integrated individuals.	the education's claimed goal is to provide young people the basis with which to develop into free, moral and integrated individuals.
"this theory was developed in 1902 by gilbert n. lewis and published in 1916 in the famous article ""the atom and the molecule"" and used to account for the phenomenon of valency."	"this theory was developed in 1902 by gilbert n. lewis and published in 1916 in the article ""the atom and the molecule"" and used to account for the phenomenon of valency."
"in 2012, zaentz' company began several trivial legal actions against small businesses in the uk to enforce their ""hobbit"" trade mark."	"in 2012, zaentz' company began several legal actions against small businesses in the uk to enforce their ""hobbit"" trade mark."
there is no valid scientific explanation for this phenomenon.	there is no proven scientific explanation for this phenomenon.
murder of bob woolmer	suspicious death of bob woolmer
this series only lasted sixteen issues.	this series lasted sixteen issues.
since they are able to survive approximately three times as much damage as a rev6 mech soldier, a ridiculous amount of heavy weapons and explosives is required to disable these units.	since they are able to survive approximately three times as much damage as a rev6 mech soldier, a substantial amount of heavy weapons and explosives is required to disable these units.
the war on drugs is a controversial prohibition campaign undertaken by the united states government with the assistance of participating countries, intended to reduce the illegal drug tradeto curb supply and diminish demand for specific psychoactive substances deemed immoral, harmful or undesirable.	the war on drugs is a prohibition campaign undertaken by the united states government with the assistance of participating countries, intended to reduce the illegal drug tradeto curb supply and diminish demand for specific psychoactive substances deemed immoral, harmful or undesirable.
timothy james mcveigh (april 23, 1968 – june 11, 2001) was an american terrorist who detonated a truck bomb in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city on april 19, 1995. commonly referred to as the oklahoma city bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600. according to the united states government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the united states prior to the september 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in united states history.	timothy james mcveigh (april 23, 1968 – june 11, 2001) was an american who detonated a truck bomb in front of the alfred p. murrah federal building in oklahoma city on april 19, 1995. commonly referred to as the oklahoma city bombing, the attack killed 168 people and injured over 600. according to the united states government, it was the deadliest act of terrorism within the united states prior to the september 11 attacks, and remains the most significant act of domestic terrorism in united states history.
"dole's attack ad , ""godless"""	"dole's television ad, ""godless"""
"hurt was regarded as one of britain's finest thespians ; director david lynch described him as ""simply the greatest actor in the world""."	"hurt was regarded as one of britain's finest actors ; director david lynch described him as ""simply the greatest actor in the world""."
"john m. ""jake"" knotts, jr. is a racist republican member of the south carolina senate, representing the 23rd district since 2002. previously he was a member of the south carolina house of representatives from 1994 through 2002."	"john m. ""jake"" knotts, jr. is a republican member of the south carolina senate, representing the 23rd district since 2002. previously he was a member of the south carolina house of representatives from 1994 through 2002."
king was born in long beach, california, into a conservative methodist family, the daughter of betty (ne jerman), a housewife, and willis jefferson moffitt, a fireman .	king was born in long beach, california, into a conservative methodist family, the daughter of betty (ne jerman), a housewife, and willis jefferson moffitt, a firefighter .
instances of arab prejudice regarding negroes and slaves	instances of arab prejudice regarding negroid peoples and slaves
is a superb use of this fallacy.	is a use of this fallacy.
jones was the leading exponent in britain of freuds ideas and an unapologetic atheist.	jones was the leading exponent in britain of freuds ideas and an atheist.
it was the capital of the first macedonian empire during the rule of samuil in the middle-ages.	it was the capital of the first bulgarian empire during the rule of samuil in the middle-ages.
many countries and non-governmental organisations were opposed to this agreement, but, as of january 4, 2010, 138 countries have signed the agreement., tony tujan of the ibon foundation suggests the partly failure of copenhagen may prove useful, if it allows us to unravel some of the underlying misconceptions and work towards a new, more holistic view of things.	many countries and non-governmental organisations were opposed to this agreement, but, as of january 4, 2010, 138 countries have signed the agreement., tony tujan of the ibon foundation suggests the perceived failure of copenhagen may prove useful, if it allows us to unravel some of the underlying misconceptions and work towards a new, more holistic view of things.
since then, kerala's it policy has been significantly influenced by foss, with several major initiatives such as it@school_project, possibly the largest single-purpose deployment of gnu/ linux in the world, and leading to the formation of the international centre for free and open source software (icfoss) in 2009.	since then, kerala's it policy has been significantly influenced by foss, with several major initiatives such as it@school_project, possibly the largest single-purpose deployment of linux in the world, and leading to the formation of the international centre for free and open source software (icfoss) in 2009.
the impressive 32-metres-high bronze sculpture, the birth of a new man (popularly known as columbus's egg, el huevo de coln), by the georgian sculptor zurab tsereteli, is located in its northwestern sector.	the 32-metres-high bronze sculpture, the birth of a new man (popularly known as columbus's egg, el huevo de coln), by the georgian sculptor zurab tsereteli, is located in its northwestern sector.
since then, the website has influenced internet culture and helped to perpetuate various controversial internet phenomena.	since then, the website has influenced internet culture and helped to perpetuate various internet phenomena.
"for at least some of the earliest translation , smith is said to have used the ""urim and thummim"", a pair of seer stones he said were buried with the plates."	"for at least some of the earliest dictation , smith is said to have used the ""urim and thummim"", a pair of seer stones he said were buried with the plates."
the tv broadcasting of the satirical program raiot was censored in november 2003 after the comedienne , sabina guzzanti, made outspoken criticism of the berlusconi media empire.	the tv broadcasting of the satirical program raiot was censored in november 2003 after the comedian , sabina guzzanti, made outspoken criticism of the berlusconi media empire.
that logo, using the obvious connection of a reversed k and b for beauknit, is wider and has rounded corners, but is otherwise the same.	that logo, using the connection of a reversed k and b for beauknit, is wider and has rounded corners, but is otherwise the same.
many who fled to portugal were forced to convert to catholicism in 1496, while the other jews were expelled from portugal in 1497. for hundreds of years, the inquisition continued to persecute the converts and their descendants on suspicions that in secret they still practiced judaism (see crypto-judaism, marrano).	many who fled to portugal were forced to convert to catholicism in 1496, while the other jews were expelled from portugal in 1497. for hundreds of years, the inquisition continued to investigate the converts and their descendants on suspicions that in secret they still practiced judaism (see crypto-judaism, marrano).
was a native american chief who led the noconi comanches in texas from the 1830s to 1860. he was the son of the infamous comanche chief iron jacket and father of chief quanah parker.	was a native american chief who led the noconi comanches in texas from the 1830s to 1860. he was the son of the comanche chief iron jacket and father of chief quanah parker.
there has been criticism of the law society of scotland from some sections of the scottish public citing the soaring level of complaints by members of the public against scottish solicitors.	there has been criticism of the law society of scotland from some sections of the scottish public citing the level of complaints by members of the public against scottish solicitors.
"in practice, official sources and state- controlled media never refer to the ""roc government"", and seldom to the ""government of taiwan""."	"in practice, official sources and state- owned media never refer to the ""roc government"", and seldom to the ""government of taiwan""."
paul dellegatto (born in natick, massachusetts) is the popular chief meteorologist at wtvt in tampa, florida.	paul dellegatto (born in natick, massachusetts) is the chief meteorologist at wtvt in tampa, florida.
the treasury claim the 2007 rise will cut carbon dioxide emissions by about 0.3 million tonnes a year by 2010-2011, and all greenhouse gas emissions by the equivalent of 0.75 million tonnes of carbon dioxide a year.	the treasury forecast the 2007 rise will cut carbon dioxide emissions by about 0.3 million tonnes a year by 2010-2011, and all greenhouse gas emissions by the equivalent of 0.75 million tonnes of carbon dioxide a year.
smigel continued to establish himself on saturday night live by producing infamous, disturbing , short animated segments under the title tv funhouse, which usually satirized public figures and popular culture.	smigel continued to establish himself on saturday night live by producing infamous, provocative , short animated segments under the title tv funhouse, which usually satirized public figures and popular culture.
philip yea is the chief executive of 3i group plc, a leading private equity and venture capital company.	philip yea is the chief executive of 3i group plc, a private equity and venture capital company.
his mother is the late diana, princess of wales, who died tragically in 1997, the former wife of the prince of wales.	his mother is the late diana, princess of wales, who died in 1997, the former wife of the prince of wales.
shogi is native to japan, and is sometimes inaccurately called japanese chess.	shogi is native to japan, and is sometimes called japanese chess.
darabont is known to have doctored the scripts of the steven spielberg films such as saving private ryan.	darabont is known to have worked on the scripts of the steven spielberg films such as saving private ryan.
jack gartside (born 1946 in revere, massachusetts) is an acclaimed american fly tyer and fly fishing author.	jack gartside (born 1946 in revere, massachusetts) is an american fly tyer and fly fishing author.
he now teaches the harmonica via the revolutionary howard levy harmonica school website.	he now teaches the harmonica via the howard levy harmonica school website.
the royal standard was erected, a banner of red silk with a white space in the centre.	the jacobite standard was erected, a banner of red silk with a white space in the centre.
xavier likens this to putting up a community watch sign at a local playground, which hopefully will discourage predators from kidnapping children there.	xavier likens this to putting up a community watch sign at a local playground, which he hopes will discourage predators from kidnapping children there.
note: when del toro and phoenix were nominated by the academy for best supporting actor in 2000, it was the first time that two actors born in puerto rico were simultaneously nominated for such an honor .	note: when del toro and phoenix were nominated by the academy for best supporting actor in 2000, it was the first time that two actors born in puerto rico were simultaneously nominated for such an award .
the two wonderful performers put on multiple shows a year.	the two performers put on multiple shows a year.
corsi is a conspiracy theorist and is a regular contributor at conservative internet tabloid worldnetdaily.	corsi is a conspiracy theorist and is a regular contributor at conservative internet publication worldnetdaily.
this union set in motion the developments that eventually resulted in the formation of the polishlithuanian commonwealth, created in 1569. the russians, led by ivan iii of moscow, began military conquests in 1486 in an attempt to conquer the lands of kievan rus', specifically the territories of belarus and ukraine.	this union set in motion the developments that eventually resulted in the formation of the polishlithuanian commonwealth, created in 1569. the russians, led by ivan iii of moscow, began military conquests in 1486 in an attempt to incorperate the lands of kievan rus', specifically the territories of belarus and ukraine.
he was a product of ipswich town's excellent youth academy and was the club's top goalscorer in the 2004/05 season (with 19 goals alongside shefki kuqi) and completed a 2.7 million transfer to charlton that summer after ipswich failed to reach the premier league for a third successive season.	he was a product of ipswich town's youth academy and was the club's top goalscorer in the 2004/05 season (with 19 goals alongside shefki kuqi) and completed a 2.7 million transfer to charlton that summer after ipswich failed to reach the premier league for a third successive season.
although overall superior to its predecessor, it was criticised for its ambiguous and surrealistic ending.	although considered by many to be superior to its predecessor, it was criticised for its ambiguous and surrealistic ending.
most modern historians strongly disagree with this interpretation.	most modern historians disagree with this interpretation.
the film ends with jake's soul being transplanted into his na'vi avatar.	the film ends with jake's conscience being transplanted into his na'vi avatar.
"in november 2011, they played a overwhelming show at the stanley theatre, liverpool and fyfe previewed a new song, called ""southern winds"", with a solo performance."	"in november 2011, they played a show at the stanley theatre, liverpool and fyfe previewed a new song, called ""southern winds"", with a solo performance."
it also received overwhelmingly positive reviews from critics.	it also received positive reviews from critics.
francis beaufort was descended from huguenots who fled france after the terrible st. bartholomew's day massacre eventually settling in ireland.	francis beaufort was descended from huguenots who fled france after the st. bartholomew's day massacre eventually settling in ireland.
there has been no mining or hosiery manufacturing in the town for many years and sadly the local brewery was sold and closed at the end of 2006.	there has been no mining or hosiery manufacturing in the town for many years and the local brewery was sold and closed at the end of 2006.
despite the departure of some of its members mm has remained together as a beautiful collective of musicians.	despite the departure of some of its members mm has remained together as a collective of musicians.
the tower, completed in 1998, offers a breathtaking view of the des moines river valley.	the tower, completed in 1998, offers a panoramic view of the des moines river valley.
"it was named after greek (""roman"") subjects of the ottoman empire, but orthodox greeks, bulgarians, albanians, vlachs, georgians, arabs, romanians and serbs were all considered part of the same millet despite their differences in ethnicity and language and despite the fact that the religious hierarchy was greek dominated."	"it was named after greek (""roman"") subjects of the ottoman empire, but orthodox greeks, bulgarians, albanians, vlachs, georgians, arabs, vlachs and serbs were all considered part of the same millet despite their differences in ethnicity and language and despite the fact that the religious hierarchy was greek dominated."
the dust bowl was a series of horrible dust storms causing major ecological and agricultural damage to american and canadian prairie lands in the 1930s, caused by decades of extensive farming without crop rotation among cotton, corn and grain farmers using techniques that promoted erosion coupled with severe drought.	the dust bowl was a series of dust storms causing major ecological and agricultural damage to american and canadian prairie lands in the 1930s, caused by decades of extensive farming without crop rotation among cotton, corn and grain farmers using techniques that promoted erosion coupled with severe drought.
polls indicate he is one of two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination in 2008. mccain's headline-grabbing bipartisan initiatives in the senate include investigation of corrupt lobbyists, campaign finance reform, immigration reform, interpretation of geneva convention standards for detainees and terror suspects, and blocking of senate filibusters for judges.	polls indicate he is one of two frontrunners for the republican presidential nomination in 2008. mccain's bipartisan initiatives in the senate include investigation of corrupt lobbyists, campaign finance reform, immigration reform, interpretation of geneva convention standards for detainees and terror suspects, and blocking of senate filibusters for judges.
"the legendary horseshoe tavern (known as the horseshoe or the 'shoe to toronto locals) is a popular concert venue located at 370 queen street west (northeast corner of queen at spadina) in downtown toronto, and has been in operation since 1947. owned by ""jc"", the venue is a significant part of canadian musical lore."	"the legendary horseshoe tavern (known as the horseshoe or the 'shoe to toronto locals) is a concert venue located at 370 queen street west (northeast corner of queen at spadina) in downtown toronto, and has been in operation since 1947. owned by ""jc"", the venue is a significant part of canadian musical lore."
ethel greenglass rosenberg (1915-1953) and julius rosenberg (1918-1953) were american communists who captured and maintained world attention after being tried, convicted, and executed for spying for the soviet union.	ethel greenglass rosenberg (1915-1953) and julius rosenberg (1918-1953) were american communists who captured and maintained world attention after being tried, convicted, and executed on charges of spying for the soviet union.
wicked rose is the pseudonym of a chinese hacker responsible for developing the infamous ginwui rootkit used in internet attacks during the summer of 2006. some people claim he works for the chinese army.	wicked rose is the pseudonym of a chinese hacker responsible for developing the ginwui rootkit used in internet attacks during the summer of 2006. some people claim he works for the chinese army.
he was previously assistant minister of foreign affairs of croatia, and in that role played a notable part in a series of bilateral visits on china - croatia relations in 2002.	he was previously assistant minister of foreign affairs of croatia, and in that role played a part in a series of bilateral visits on china - croatia relations in 2002.
the tm organization explains in its introductory lectures that tm comes from an oral tradition of vedic masters such as the illustrious guru dev and shankara, the great reviver of vedic sanatana dharma, a part of the long history of india.	the tm organization explains in its introductory lectures that tm comes from an oral tradition of vedic masters such as the guru dev and shankara, the great reviver of vedic sanatana dharma, a part of the long history of india.
while medieval indian artisans preferred to remain anonymous, hoysala artisans signed their works, which has given researchers fascinating details about their lives, families, guilds, etc.	while medieval indian artisans preferred to remain anonymous, hoysala artisans signed their works, which has given researchers details about their lives, families, guilds, etc.
in 1990, kristof and his wife, sheryl wudunn, earned a pulitzer prize for international reporting for their reporting on the pro-democracy student movement and the related tiananmen square massacre .	in 1990, kristof and his wife, sheryl wudunn, earned a pulitzer prize for international reporting for their reporting on the pro-democracy student movement and the related tiananmen square protests of 1989 .
amy ray played the role of jesus christ and emily saliers played the role of mary magdalene.	amy ray played the role of jesus of nazareth and emily saliers played the role of mary magdalene.
in 2004, he received 265,789 more votes than in 2000, while kerry won only 148,033 more votes than gore in 2000. bush won by a comfortable 7% margin.	in 2004, he received 265,789 more votes than in 2000, while kerry won only 148,033 more votes than gore in 2000. bush won by a 7% margin.
inside job (film), a 2010 oscar-winning documentary film about the financial crisis of 20072010 by charles h. ferguson.	inside job (film), a 2010 documentary film about the financial crisis of 20072010 by charles h. ferguson.
an embarassed bloc quebecois leader, gilles duceppe had to distance himself from these racist remarks, reminding ms. tremblay that his mother was helene rowley, and his own grandfather had been born in great britain.	an embarassed bloc quebecois leader, gilles duceppe had to distance himself from these remarks, reminding ms. tremblay that his mother was helene rowley, and his own grandfather had been born in great britain.
a samskara is a process in ayurvedic medicine claimed to detoxify heavy metals and toxic herbs.	a samskara is a process in ayurvedic medicine said to detoxify heavy metals and toxic herbs.
european national front is a coordinating structure of european fascist parties.	european national front is a coordinating structure of european nationalist parties.
"in common usage it refers to an economic system in which all or most of the means of production are privately owned and operated ( commonly for profit), and where investments, production, distribution, income, and prices are determined by market forces (a ""free market""), rather than by centralized state control (as in a command economy)."	"in common usage it refers to an economic system in which all or most of the means of production are privately owned and operated ( almost always for profit), and where investments, production, distribution, income, and prices are determined by market forces (a ""free market""), rather than by centralized state control (as in a command economy)."
the first film adapted only the first half of the original novel, the second half of the novel was used as the basis for the second film, the neverending story ii: the next chapter.	the first film adapted the first half of the original novel, the second half of the novel was used as the basis for the second film, the neverending story ii: the next chapter.
the girls all went through a gruelling daily routine of getting up in the small hours of the morning and bathing for two hours to soften the skin, scrubbing hard to leave as much skin in the bath as possible, and then covering their entire bodies in a thick layer of moisturiser.	the girls all went through a daily routine of getting up in the small hours of the morning and bathing for two hours to soften the skin, scrubbing hard to leave as much skin in the bath as possible, and then covering their entire bodies in a thick layer of moisturiser.
this claim is often seen as hypocritical as the dup has many links with unionist paramilitary groups.	this claim is often seen as hypocritical as the dup has many links with loyalist paramilitary groups.
smith said the angel had taken away the plates and he had lost his ability to translate until september 22, 1828, when they were restored.	smith said the angel had taken away the plates and he had lost his ability to receive translatation until september 22, 1828, when they were restored.
allied and neutral tonnage sunk by submarines in world war i	allied and neutral tonnage sunk by u-boats in world war i
"despacito (; english: ""slowly"") is a hit single by puerto rican pop artist luis fonsi featuring puerto rican rapper daddy yankee from the former's upcoming studio album."	"despacito (; english: ""slowly"") is a single by puerto rican pop artist luis fonsi featuring puerto rican rapper daddy yankee from the former's upcoming studio album."
one of the two representatives of the afghan government was the revered ahmadi sahibzada abdul latif of khost.	one of the two representatives of the afghan government was the ahmadi sahibzada abdul latif of khost.
hester had led the raiders to the playoffs for three consecutive years and appearances in two consecutive state championship games, which they unfortunately lost.	hester had led the raiders to the playoffs for three consecutive years and appearances in two consecutive state championship games, which they lost.
darkseid possesses superhuman strength, stamina, and invulnerability that surpass those possessed by superman.	darkseid possesses superhuman strength, stamina, and invulnerability that rival those possessed by superman.
the position was written into a constitution devised by patriarchal american attorneys and missionaries.	the position was written into a constitution devised by american attorneys and missionaries.
tank man, or the unknown rebel, is the nickname of an anonymous hero who became internationally famous when he was videotaped and photographed during the protests at beijing's tiananmen square on june 5, 1989. several photographs were taken of the man, who stood in front of a column of chinese type 59 tanks, preventing their advance.	tank man, or the unknown rebel, is the nickname of an anonymous man who became internationally famous when he was videotaped and photographed during the protests at beijing's tiananmen square on june 5, 1989. several photographs were taken of the man, who stood in front of a column of chinese type 59 tanks, preventing their advance.
"responding to a journalist's question regarding the execution of 17-year-old erdal eren, he memorably responded ""should we feed him rather than hang him?"""	"responding to a journalist's question regarding the execution of 17-year-old erdal eren, he responded ""should we feed him rather than hang him?"""
the armory, built in 1928, is named to honor a distinguished 1896 graduate of the university, charles a. plumley.	the armory, built in 1928, is named to honor a notable 1896 graduate of the university, charles a. plumley.
norway is renowned for being a leader in women's rights, minority rights, and lgbt rightslgbt_rights_in_norway.	norway is renowned for being a leader in women's rights, minority rights, and lgbt rights .
robben is well- known all over the world for his excellent ball technique, his game-breaking speed, his powerful shooting and his precise dribbling skills.	robben is known all over the world for his excellent ball technique, his game-breaking speed, his powerful shooting and his precise dribbling skills.
although the captured supplies allowed for the success at the battle of lake erie later in 1813, the attack also helped provoke the burning of washington, d.c. in 1814. the united states, in failing to attack and take kingston, never gained full control over upper canada; in fact, the americans only held york for five days before abandoning it.	although the captured supplies allowed for the american victory at the battle of lake erie later in 1813, the attack also helped provoke the burning of washington, d.c. in 1814. the united states, in failing to attack and take kingston, never gained full control over upper canada; in fact, the americans only held york for five days before abandoning it.
conservatives such as joe scarborough and robert knight inaccurately accused levine of promoting pedophilia for her suggestion that the us adopt statutory rape laws similar to those in the netherlands.	conservatives such as joe scarborough and robert knight accused levine of promoting pedophilia for her suggestion that the us adopt statutory rape laws similar to those in the netherlands.
since 1949, fujian has been split between two separate national governments: the vast majority of fujian province has been governed by the people's republic of china (prc); while a number of offshore islands have been governed by the republic of china (roc) government in taiwan.	since 1949, fujian has been split between two separate governments: the vast majority of fujian province has been governed by the people's republic of china (prc); while a number of offshore islands have been governed by the republic of china (roc) government in taiwan.
"action 14f13, also called ""sonderbehandlung (""special treatment"") 14f13"", was a campaign of the third reich to murder nazi concentration camp prisoners."	"action 14f13, also called ""sonderbehandlung (""special treatment"") 14f13"", was a campaign of the third reich to kill nazi concentration camp prisoners."
lift slides from pollak's lift video, contains a nice presentation of scala	lift slides from pollak's lift video, contains a presentation of scala
piven is a diehard fan of the chicago bears, and in 1998 appeared in commercials for the chicago blackhawks.	piven is a fan of the chicago bears, and in 1998 appeared in commercials for the chicago blackhawks.
a chief weakness from the mistaken viewpoint of modern economics is that they only considered agricultural labor to be valuable.	a chief weakness from the viewpoint of modern economics is that they only considered agricultural labor to be valuable.
tighina is still controlled by the breakaway transnistrian government.	tighina is controlled by the breakaway transnistrian government.
disproven link to colony collapse disorder	alleged link to colony collapse disorder
"on the basis of these documents and other credible indicators, the united states and united kingdom governments asserted that iraq had attempted to procure nuclear material for the purpose of creating ""weapons of mass destruction"", in defiance of united nations sanctions."	"on the basis of these documents and other indicators, the united states and united kingdom governments asserted that iraq had attempted to procure nuclear material for the purpose of creating ""weapons of mass destruction"", in defiance of united nations sanctions."
in art, set is usually depicted as a fabulous creature referred to by egyptologists as the set animal, a beast resembling no known creature, although it could be seen as a composite of an aardvark, a donkey, a jackal or a fennec fox.	in art, set is usually depicted as a creature referred to by egyptologists as the set animal, a beast resembling no known creature, although it could be seen as a composite of an aardvark, a donkey, a jackal or a fennec fox.
grigoriy mihaylovich naginskiy (born june 16, 1958 in orsk, orenburg oblast) is a russian statesman , candidate of sciences.	grigoriy mihaylovich naginskiy (born june 16, 1958 in orsk, orenburg oblast) is a russian politician , candidate of sciences.
rigoberta mench's famous and discredited memoir uses the term in such a way, which illustrates the use of the term in guatemala in both a derogatory way (amerindian to mestizo/ladino) and in the general mestizo/ladino community to define one's ethnic heritage.	rigoberta mench's famous and controversial memoir uses the term in such a way, which illustrates the use of the term in guatemala in both a derogatory way (amerindian to mestizo/ladino) and in the general mestizo/ladino community to define one's ethnic heritage.
ruth ann buzzi (born july 24, 1936) is an american comedienne and actress of theatre, film, and television.	ruth ann buzzi (born july 24, 1936) is an american comedian and actress of theatre, film, and television.
recent denials by the lds church	recent statements by the lds church
"the ""exceptional circumstances"" presumably refer to the people's cries of ""santo subito!"""	"the ""exceptional circumstances"" possibly refer to the people's cries of ""santo subito!"""
from the end of the sixth ottoman-venetian war to 1770, when it was attacked by albanian bandits, argos was the seat of the orthodox metropolis of nauplion and argolis, due to the venetian imposition of a latin bishop at argos.	from the end of the sixth ottoman-venetian war to 1770, when it was attacked by bandits, argos was the seat of the orthodox metropolis of nauplion and argolis, due to the venetian imposition of a latin bishop at argos.
"she was chosen as playboy's playmate of the month in december, 1988. her distinctive face - with a ""louise brooks bob"" and clear blue eyes - was frequently featured on the cover of playboy special editions."	"she was chosen as playboy's playmate of the month in december, 1988. her face - with a ""louise brooks bob"" and clear blue eyes - was frequently featured on the cover of playboy special editions."
at its greatest extent, the empire comprised central anatolia, syria, palestina , mesopotamia, persia, turkmenistan, pamir and indus valley.	at its greatest extent, the empire comprised central anatolia, syria, judah , mesopotamia, persia, turkmenistan, pamir and indus valley.
"rachelle ranae ""shelley"" shannon (born 1956) is an american terrorist from grants pass, oregon, who shot dr. george tiller in both arms outside his abortion clinic in wichita, kansas on august 19, 1993. she is serving time in fci dublin."	"rachelle ranae ""shelley"" shannon (born 1956) is an american from grants pass, oregon, who shot dr. george tiller in both arms outside his abortion clinic in wichita, kansas on august 19, 1993. she is serving time in fci dublin."
shortly before dawn, mona rudao led over 300 seediq braves in the raiding of strategic police sub-stations to capture weapons and ammunition.	shortly before dawn, mona rudao led over 300 seediq warriors in the raiding of strategic police sub-stations to capture weapons and ammunition.
unfortunately it is also due to von meck that, at her request, tchaikovsky wrote a program explaining the symphony.	it is also due to von meck that, at her request, tchaikovsky wrote a program explaining the symphony.
analysis by john chew and joel sherman of the legendary 502-502 tie game (john chew v. zev kaufman, toronto, 1997)	analysis by john chew and joel sherman of the aforementioned 502-502 tie game (john chew v. zev kaufman, toronto, 1997)
the concert was videotaped during the escape tour on friday november 6, 1981 in front of over 20,000 devoted fans.	the concert was videotaped during the escape tour on friday november 6, 1981 in front of over 20,000 fans.
the spaniards enslaved the tainos who were the native inhabitants of the island and many of them died as a result of the cruel treatment that they had received.	the spaniards enslaved the tainos who were the native inhabitants of the island and many of them died as a result of the treatment that they had received.
a strand of african nationalism during the struggle against apartheid in south africa particularly associated with the pan africanist congress	a strand of african nationalism during the activism against apartheid in south africa particularly associated with the pan africanist congress
besides for his great scholarship, professor cohen is also known for the strong language he occasionally uses in reviews or responses.	besides for his scholarship, professor cohen is also known for the strong language he occasionally uses in reviews or responses.
the fda and cdc consider the vaccine to be completely safe.	the fda and cdc consider the vaccine to be safe.
the company is backed by alist investors sofinnova partners, ventech and orkos capital .	the company is backed by investors sofinnova partners , ventech and orkos capital .
he married the former barbara blackman (1880-1963), on june 10, 1903. she was a socialite and suffragette , the daughter of george and carrie (horton) blackman.	he married the former barbara blackman (1880-1963), on june 10, 1903. she was a socialite and suffragist , the daughter of george and carrie (horton) blackman.
mental health group bars pfox from convention - lgbt-themed washington blade newspaper article	mental health group bars pfox from convention - washington blade newspaper article
after the gwanju massacre in may 1980, the student movement got a clear vision, partly based on marxism, and cooperated with several other duped parties in korea.	after the gwanju massacre in may 1980, the student movement got a clear vision, partly based on marxism, and cooperated with several other parties in korea.
however, this style of cinematography leads many who view it inside dark movie theaters to experience vertigo, causing nausea and a temporary loss of balance.	however, this style of cinematography leads some who view it inside dark movie theaters to experience vertigo, causing nausea and a temporary loss of balance.
lee bum suk was the amusing name of two important politicians from south korea.	lee bum suk was the name of two important politicians from south korea.
its existence was officially announced by wikipedia co- founder	its existence was officially announced by wikipedia founder
cunningham is best known for his role as john pope in the hit tnt science fiction series falling skies.	cunningham is best known for his role as john pope in the tnt science fiction series falling skies.
on june 30, 2013, he appeared alongside comedienne jenny eclair and emmerdale actor matthew wolfenden on uk game show tipping point: lucky stars, where he came second.	on june 30, 2013, he appeared alongside comedian jenny eclair and emmerdale actor matthew wolfenden on uk game show tipping point: lucky stars, where he came second.
rex m. best is an award-winning american soap opera writer.	rex m. best is an american soap opera writer.
in roman catholic theology, transubstantiation (in latin, transsubstantiatio, in greek (metousiosis)) is the change of the substance of bread and wine into the body and blood of christ occurring in the eucharist while all that is accessible to the senses remain as before.	in roman catholic theology, transubstantiation (in latin, transsubstantiatio, in greek (metousiosis)) means the change of the substance of bread and wine into the body and blood of christ occurring in the eucharist while all that is accessible to the senses remain as before.
since then, the company has only compiled a trust fund of $397 million for eventual decommissioning, and has not put any money in the fund since 2002. in 2007, the expected cost to decommission the site was calculated to be $875 million dollars.	since then, the company has compiled a trust fund of $397 million for eventual decommissioning, and has not put any money in the fund since 2002. in 2007, the expected cost to decommission the site was calculated to be $875 million dollars.
redirect template: comment4	redirect template: uw-npov4
his interview on the 1998 relaunch edition of the british tv chat show parkinson featured an entertaining impersonation of comedian tommy cooper.	his interview on the 1998 relaunch edition of the british tv chat show parkinson featured an impersonation of comedian tommy cooper.
as in the 2000 election, there were partisan charges raised alleging voting irregularities, especially in ohio.	as in the 2000 election, there were charges raised alleging voting irregularities, especially in ohio.
in addition to use in the anus, ginger can also be applied to the vagina or clitoris where it will cause the same painful erotic burning sensation.	in addition to use in the anus, ginger can also be applied to the vagina or clitoris where it will cause the same painful burning sensation.
most commonly, the possibility of puerto rico becoming the 51st state is discussed as the outcome of a november 6, 2012 referendum where puerto rico decided to change the island's political status by rejecting the current territorial political status and requesting the statehood of puerto rico by a slim majority electoral result.	most commonly, the possibility of puerto rico becoming the 51st state is discussed as the outcome of a november 6, 2012 referendum where puerto rico decided to change the island's political status by rejecting the current territorial political status and requesting the statehood of puerto rico by a majority electoral result.
richard corbett is obsessed the united kingdom independence party(ukip), and has made his opposition to them one of the main objectives of his career since 2004.	richard corbett is concerned about the united kingdom independence party (ukip), and has made his opposition to them one of the main objectives of his career since 2004.
masood ahmed is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nitin ganatra.	masood ahmed is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by nitin ganatra.
the brutal torture and murder of youths from daraa province had been one of the defining events that led to a growth of the protest movement against the assad regime in 2011.	the torture and murder of youths from daraa province had been one of the defining events that led to a growth of the protest movement against the assad regime in 2011.
redirect saudi-iraqi neutral zone	redirect saudiiraqi neutral zone
the four seasons are superb tone poems.	the four seasons are , therefore, tone poems.
on the evening of on 19 december 1939 he lay on admiral graf spee's battle ensign and shot himself - courageously forestalling any allegations that he had avoided further action through cowardice.	on the evening of on 19 december 1939 he lay on admiral graf spee's battle ensign and shot himself - forestalling any allegations that he had avoided further action through cowardice.
in the twentieth century, russian was widely taught in the schools of the members of the old warsaw pact and in other countries that used to be satellites of the ussr.	in the twentieth century, russian was widely taught in the schools of the members of the old warsaw pact and in other countries that used to be allies of the ussr.
this principle has been successfully implemented to hong kong and macao.	this principle has been implemented to hong kong and macao.
however, leaded motor fuel re-entered the uk market in small quantities from 2000 in response to fervent lobbying from classic-car organisations who contended their vehicles would be rendered useless without leaded fuel.	however, leaded motor fuel re-entered the uk market in small quantities from 2000 in response to lobbying from classic-car organisations who contended their vehicles would be rendered useless without leaded fuel.
he won the irish grand national in 2008 and sadly collapsed and died on the run-in of the 2009 grand national.	he won the irish grand national in 2008 and collapsed and died on the run-in of the 2009 grand national.
hosted by supermodel kim alexis, twenty women compete to become the next great supermodel 35 years or older.	hosted by model kim alexis, twenty women compete to become the next great supermodel 35 years or older.
sydney is a significant global and domestic tourist destination and is regularly declared to be one of the most beautiful and livable cities in the world, envied for its harbour, beaches and cosmopolitan culture.	sydney is a significant global and domestic tourist destination and is regularly declared to be one of the most beautiful and livable cities in the world, admired for its harbour, beaches and cosmopolitan culture.
in 2011, mudede casually liveblogged the burglary of his neighbor's house.	in 2011, mudede liveblogged the burglary of his neighbor's house.
in addition to local news and politics, it provides arts and entertainment news and reviews, nationally syndicated columns, and some pure entertainment like a new top ten list every week and news of the weird.	in addition to local news and politics, the newspapaer provides arts and entertainment news and reviews, nationally syndicated columns, and some pure entertainment like a new top ten list every week and news of the weird.
"admitting with the aristotelians that genera and especies are mere products of the mind, the question was then raised as to what was the nature of those intellectual conceptions and their relations to the individual beings."""	"admitting with the aristotelians that genera and especies are products of the mind, the question was then raised as to what was the nature of those intellectual conceptions and their relations to the individual beings."""
established by stevens and charles mckenna in 2010 to honor usc distinguished professor robert bau after his passing in december 2008, the fellowship proposes to help celebrate professor bau's life and honor his extraordinary mentorship by linking him to new generations of young chemists at usc.	established by stevens and charles mckenna in 2010 to honor usc distinguished professor robert bau after his death in december 2008, the fellowship proposes to help celebrate professor bau's life and honor his extraordinary mentorship by linking him to new generations of young chemists at usc.
blitzandblight.com – street furniture the rails, bollards and phone boxes cluttering london's west end.	blitzandblight.com – street furniture the rails, bollards and phone boxes of london's west end.
to understand the will to power, one must first of all take into account nietzsche's background and violent criticism of arthur schopenhauer.	to understand the will to power, one must first of all take into account nietzsche's background and criticism of arthur schopenhauer.
the sdk was made available immediately, while the launch of applications had to wait until the firmware update which was released on july 11, 2008. the update was free for iphone users, but not for owners of ipod touches with the 1.x release of iphone os, whose operating system can be updated to the current version of iphone os, so that they can run iphone applications, only after paying a small fee.	the sdk was made available immediately, while the launch of applications had to wait until the firmware update which was released on july 11, 2008. the update was free for iphone users, but not for owners of ipod touches with the 1.x release of iphone os, whose operating system can be updated to the current version of iphone os, so that they can run iphone applications, only after paying a $10 fee.
connecticut and syracuse a 6ot thriller in the big east quaterfinals	connecticut and syracuse a 6ot game in the big east quaterfinals
his return to success as the defensive coordinator led to his hiring as the head coach of the new england patriots in 1997, replacing respected coach bill parcells, who had resigned after disputes with the team's ownership.	his return to success as the defensive coordinator led to his hiring as the head coach of the new england patriots in 1997, replacing coach bill parcells, who had resigned after disputes with the team's ownership.
"sarand or saranda (albanian , from , agioi saranda) is the capital of the district of sarand, albania, and is one of the most important tourist attractions of the albanian riviera; which the guardian.co.uk argued: ""is set to become the new 'undiscovered gem' of the overcrowded med."""	"sarand or saranda (albanian , , agioi saranda) is the capital of the district of sarand, albania, and is one of the most important tourist attractions of the albanian riviera; which the guardian.co.uk argued: ""is set to become the new 'undiscovered gem' of the overcrowded med."""
however, it only came third in the european parliament election 2009 in northern ireland, with its candidate elected after both sinn fein's candidate and the candidate of the ulster unionist party (uup) and the conservative party.	however, it came third in the european parliament election 2009 in northern ireland, with its candidate elected after both sinn fein's candidate and the candidate of the ulster unionist party (uup) and the conservative party.
"the mistranslation ""jew's ear"" appeared in english by 1544."	"the translation ""jew's ear"" appeared in english by 1544."
in the same year the united states department of veteran affairs and department of defence examined the effectiveness of various treatments for ptsd and gave emdr its highest level of recommendation.	in the same year the united states department of veteran affairs and department of defence examined the effectiveness of various treatments for ptsd and gave emdr , ssris, cognitive therapy, exposure therapy, and stress inoculation training the highest level of recommendation.
he has even been nominated several times for the nobel prize in literature.	he has been nominated several times for the nobel prize in literature.
they welcomed their beautiful baby girl siena eva avei on the 13th of april 2014.	they welcomed their baby girl siena eva avei on the 13th of april 2014.
warner and brenda are both born-again christians.	warner and brenda are both evangelical christians.
the cirrus line of aircraft are supported by an active aircraft type club, the cirrus owners and pilots association.	the cirrus line of aircraft are supported by an aircraft type club, the cirrus owners and pilots association.
"after hariri's assassination, druze leader walid jumblatt reported that a shaken hariri had told him months before that he was personally threatened by syrian president bashar al-assad during a 15-minute meeting in the syrian capital damascus in august 2004: ""president of lebanon lahoud is me."	"after hariri's assassination, druze leader walid jumblatt alleged that a shaken hariri had told him months before that he was personally threatened by syrian president bashar al-assad during a 15-minute meeting in the syrian capital damascus in august 2004: ""president of lebanon lahoud is me."
cleaning with rubbing alcohol will neutralize the oil.	cleaning with rubbing alcohol will remove the oil.
depp is the father of two children, lily-rose and jack, with his longtime mistress , french singer and actress vanessa paradis.	depp is the father of two children, lily-rose and jack, with his longtime companion , french singer and actress vanessa paradis.
the sisters have worked as a writing and directing team through most of their professional film careers, from bound through the first season of sense8.	the siblings have worked as a writing and directing team through most of their professional film careers, from bound through the first season of sense8.
these units play a crucial role in emergencies where responding ems crews may be targeted by terrorist forces.	these units play a crucial role in emergencies where responding ems crews may be targeted by militant forces.
allegations and decline : 1993–2002	allegations and further : 1993–2002
akiyoshi explained that she disbanded the ensemble because she was frustrated by her inability to obtain domestic recording contracts for the big band.	akiyoshi explained that she disbanded the ensemble because she was frustrated by her inability to obtain us recording contracts for the big band.
e-meter sessions are conducted by cult staff known as auditors, and its use is covered in advanced scientology training courses.	e-meter sessions are conducted by scientology staff known as auditors, and its use is covered in advanced scientology training courses.
sometime in the summer of 2005, members of the matar illegally family moved into a house in the coastal shirat hayam settlement in gaza, a closed military zone, to show their opposition to the withdrawal and encouraged others to do the same.	sometime in the summer of 2005, members of the matar family moved into a house in the coastal shirat hayam settlement in gaza, a closed military zone, to show their opposition to the withdrawal and encouraged others to do the same.
spears playes all of the piano accompaniment on this record.	spears plays all of the piano accompaniment on this record.
natalia vodianova (, born february 28, 1982) is a russian supermodel .	natalia vodianova (, born february 28, 1982) is a russian model .
"zarah leander, the famous swedish-german actress from the nazi period, plays mary in the 1940 film das herz der konigin (""the heart of the queen""), an ufa production directed by carl froelich and making use of the historical story for anti-british propaganda in the contex of the then ongoing world war ii."	"zarah leander, the swedish-german actress from the nazi period, plays mary in the 1940 film das herz der konigin (""the heart of the queen""), an ufa production directed by carl froelich and making use of the historical story for anti-british propaganda in the contex of the then ongoing world war ii."
bush later went on to become president after defeating vice president al gore of the democratic party in a controversial and extremely close election.	bush later went on to become president after defeating vice president al gore of the democratic party in a controversial and close election .
ian albert beale is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by adam woodyatt.	ian albert beale is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by adam woodyatt.
sekihan is traditionally eaten with gomashio (a mixture of lightly crushed sesame seeds and salt).	sekihan is traditionally eaten with gomashio (a mixture of lightly crushed sesame and salt).
the afmxa was founded in early 2009 in memory of jeremy lusk, an american freestyle rider, x games gold medalist and metal mulisha team member who died tragically after a crash during a competition in costa rica.	the afmxa was founded in early 2009 in memory of jeremy lusk, an american freestyle rider, x games gold medalist and metal mulisha team member who died after a crash during a competition in costa rica.
pack did not reach as many retail consumers as the operating system itself (it was mainly advertised for its nonessential add-ons such as themes and better disk compression ) but was usually included in pre-installed (oem) sales, and at the time of windows 95 release, the web was being browsed mainly with a variety of early web browsers such as ncsa mosaic and netscape navigator (promoted by products such as internet in a box).	pack did not reach as many retail consumers as the operating system itself (it was mainly advertised for its add-ons such as themes and better disk compression) but was usually included in pre-installed (oem) sales, and at the time of windows 95 release, the web was being browsed mainly with a variety of early web browsers such as ncsa mosaic and netscape navigator (promoted by products such as internet in a box).
namorita prentiss is a fictional superhero ine in the marvel universe, commonly known by the name of nita.	namorita prentiss is a fictional superhero in the marvel universe, commonly known by the name of nita.
"g. r. driver recognized that ""the presence and popularity of the daniel manuscripts at qumran"" conflicted ""with the modern view which advocates the late dating of the composition of daniel""."	"g. r. driver stated that ""the presence and popularity of the daniel manuscripts at qumran"" conflicted ""with the modern view which advocates the late dating of the composition of daniel""."
in 1997, guitarist fareed haque impressively covered the entire album in jazz form for the blue note cover series.	in 1997, guitarist fareed haque covered the entire album in jazz form for the blue note cover series.
the poet juvenal gives an equally well known description in his misogynistic sixth satire of how the empress used to work clandestinely all night in a brothel under the name of the she-wolf.	the poet juvenal gives an equally well known description in his sixth satire of how the empress used to work clandestinely all night in a brothel under the name of the she-wolf.
ivanka marie trump (born october 30, 1981 in new york city, new york) is an american sexy fashion model and businesswoman, best known as the daughter of ivana and donald trump and is currently vice president of real estate development and acquisitions at the trump organization.	ivanka marie trump (born october 30, 1981 in new york city, new york) is an american fashion model and businesswoman, best known as the daughter of ivana and donald trump and is currently vice president of real estate development and acquisitions at the trump organization.
screenwriter blair erickson wrote about his experience dealing with boll and his original script, which was closer to the actual game itself, and boll's bizarre script change demands at somethingawful.com.	screenwriter blair erickson wrote about his experience dealing with boll and his original script, which was closer to the actual game itself, and boll's script change demands at somethingawful.com.
the fact that it was not permissible to mention this eventuality aloud eventually led to the swedish armed forces becoming highly misbalanced.	the fact that it was not permissible to mention this aloud eventually led to the swedish armed forces becoming highly misbalanced.
one woman is standing between those who try to control mankind and those who will risk their lives for the freedom of us all.	one woman is standing between those who try to control humanity and those who will risk their lives for the freedom of us all.
he is most notable as the lone dissenter in the infamous civil rights cases (1883), and plessy v. ferguson (1896), which, respectively, struck down as unconstitutional federal anti-discrimination legislation and upheld southern segregation statutes.	he is most notable as the lone dissenter in the civil rights cases (1883), and plessy v. ferguson (1896), which, respectively, struck down as unconstitutional federal anti-discrimination legislation and upheld southern segregation statutes.
the suzuki jimny is a successful line of suvs from suzuki.	the suzuki jimny is a line of suvs from suzuki.
south shore is home to great rapper kanye west.	south shore is home to rapper kanye west.
the opposition reveals evidence of corruption by the u.s.-backed government as the elections are happening, including rigging, blocking, arrests, intimidation and privacy concerns.	the opposition reveals evidence of corruption by the government as the elections are happening, including rigging, blocking, arrests, intimidation and privacy concerns.
istanbul possesses the saint's arm and a piece of his skull in the topkapi palace, as does the coptic orthodox monastery of saint macarius the great in scetes, egypt, while john's right hand, with which he baptised jesus, is said to be in the possession of the serbian orthodox cetinje monastery in montenegro, and also at the romanian skete of the forerunner on mount athos.	istanbul claims to possess the saint's arm and a piece of his skull in the topkapi palace, as does the coptic orthodox monastery of saint macarius the great in scetes, egypt, while john's right hand, with which he baptised jesus, is said to be in the possession of the serbian orthodox cetinje monastery in montenegro, and also at the romanian skete of the forerunner on mount athos.
he is perhaps the world's leading authority on thomas hobbes; the scholarship in his edition of hobbes's correspondence (1994) (isbn 0-19-823747-2) was justly described by one reviewer as 'beyond praise and almost beyond belief'.	he is perhaps the world's leading authority on thomas hobbes; the scholarship in his edition of hobbes's correspondence (1994) (isbn 0-19-823747-2) was described by one reviewer as 'beyond praise and almost beyond belief'.
"jones admitted on twitter that his real name is terence ""terry"" jones."	"jones revealed on twitter that his real name is terence ""terry"" jones."
the name cryptogams (scientific name cryptogamae) is a formerly recognized term sometimes used as a phrase of convenience for organisms which reproduce by spores.	the name cryptogams (scientific name cryptogamae) is an obsolete and formerly recognized term sometimes used as a phrase of convenience for organisms which reproduce by spores.
"the infamous 1957 defence white paper, described as ""the biggest change in military policy ever made in normal times"", led to the cancellation of almost all british manned fighter aircraft then in development, and completely curtailed any likelihood of a purchase."	"the 1957 defence white paper, described as ""the biggest change in military policy ever made in normal times"", led to the cancellation of almost all british manned fighter aircraft then in development, and completely curtailed any likelihood of a purchase."
the documents claim that a young farmer's leg was restored to him after having been amputated two and a half years earlier.	the documents state that a young farmer's leg was restored to him after having been amputated two and a half years earlier.
in lebanon, the first doctor of pharmacy degree was awarded by the lebanese university faculty of pharmacy (upon a decree by the lebanese government) to its graduating class of 19 students in 1992. the program was first established by dr. anwar bikhazi, a pharmacy graduate of the american university of beirut with a phd from the prestigious university of michigan.	in lebanon, the first doctor of pharmacy degree was awarded by the lebanese university faculty of pharmacy (upon a decree by the lebanese government) to its graduating class of 19 students in 1992. the program was first established by dr. anwar bikhazi, a pharmacy graduate of the american university of beirut with a phd from the university of michigan.
ireland was even a childhood ball boy for the chicago bears.	ireland was also a childhood ball boy for the chicago bears.
"young earth creationists believe that the earth is ""young"", on the order of 6,000 to 10,000 years old, rather than the age of 4.5 billion years confirmed by modern geology using scientific methods including radiometric dating."	"young earth creationists believe that the earth is ""young"", on the order of 6,000 to 10,000 years old, rather than the age of 4.5 billion years calculated by modern geology using scientific methods including radiometric dating."
lucy montgomery is an english comedienne , actress and writer, best known for her radio and television work.	lucy montgomery is an english comedian , actress and writer, best known for her radio and television work.
in august 2008, american-russian relations were strained, when the russian federation invaded georgia in what they claimed was a mission to protect the autonomous regions of south ossetia and abkhazia from a georgian military offensive.	in august 2008, american-russian relations were strained, when the russian federation went to war with georgia in what they claimed was a mission to protect the autonomous regions of south ossetia and abkhazia from a georgian military offensive.
powerful defenses of the phenomenological approach against science-inspired reductive naturalism have been made by hubert dreyfus and charles taylor among others.	defenses of the phenomenological approach against science-inspired reductive naturalism have been made by hubert dreyfus and charles taylor among others.
he is also a popular blogger for the harvard business review and linkedins influencers group.	he is also a blogger for the harvard business review and linkedins influencers group.
the second-largest city in sacramento county, elk grove has earned the dubious title of the fastest growing city in the u.s. due to its rapid growth.	the second-largest city in sacramento county, elk grove has earned the title of the fastest growing city in the u.s. due to its rapid growth.
trumbo was a member of the communist party usa from 1943 until 1948. he bragged in the daily worker that among the films that communist influence in hollywood had quashed were adaptations of arthur koestler's anti-communist works darkness at noon and the yogi and the commissar.	trumbo was a member of the communist party usa from 1943 until 1948. he wrote in the daily worker that among the films that communist influence in hollywood had quashed were adaptations of arthur koestler's anti-communist works darkness at noon and the yogi and the commissar.
while it has been postulated that the flood basalt volcanism was triggered by a meteorite impact in southeastern oregon, absolutely no geologic evidence has been found (as of 11/25/2006) to support this hypothesis.	while it has been postulated that the flood basalt volcanism was triggered by a meteorite impact in southeastern oregon, no geologic evidence has been found (as of 11/25/2006) to support this hypothesis.
obert skye is the author of the award-winning leven thumps series.	obert skye is the author of the leven thumps series.
he was murdered at the age of 14 by a bomb planted by the provisional irish republican army at donegal bay, along with his maternal grandfather, the 1st earl mountbatten of burma, and paternal grandmother, the dowager baroness brabourne.	he was killed at the age of 14 by a bomb planted by the provisional irish republican army at donegal bay, along with his maternal grandfather, the 1st earl mountbatten of burma, and paternal grandmother, the dowager baroness brabourne.
for xmind pro/plus, it can even export the mind maps into microsoft word, powerpoint, excel, pdf, freemind and mindjet mindmanager documents.	for xmind pro/plus, it can export the mind maps into microsoft word, powerpoint, excel, pdf, freemind and mindjet mindmanager documents.
live and let die is considered one of fleming's most controversial novels due to its unkind depiction of african-americans.	live and let die is considered one of fleming's most controversial novels due to its depiction of african-americans.
the film did good business at the boxoffice.	the film did average business at the boxoffice.
microsoft claims that this will consolidate all related functionality in one place and hence improve usability.	microsoft says that this will consolidate all related functionality in one place and hence improve usability.
"then in 1991, president george h. w. bush made an attempt to abolish affirmative action altogether claiming that any regulation, rule, enforcement practice or other aspect of these programs that mandates, encourages, or otherwise involves the use of quotas, preferences, set-asides or other devices on the basis of race, sex, religion or national origin are to be terminated as soon as is legally feasible."""	"then in 1991, president george h. w. bush made an attempt to abolish affirmative action altogether , maintaining that any regulation, rule, enforcement practice or other aspect of these programs that mandates, encourages, or otherwise involves the use of quotas, preferences, set-asides or other devices on the basis of race, sex, religion or national origin are to be terminated as soon as is legally feasible."""
"some scholars have seen the second amendment as derivative of a common law right to keep and bear arms; thomas b. mcaffee & michael j. quinlan, writing in the north carolina law review, march 1997, page 781, have stated ""... madison did not invent the right to keep and bear arms when he drafted the second amendment--the right was pre-existing at both common law and in the early state constitutions."""	"some have seen the second amendment as derivative of a common law right to keep and bear arms; thomas b. mcaffee & michael j. quinlan, writing in the north carolina law review, march 1997, page 781, have stated ""... madison did not invent the right to keep and bear arms when he drafted the second amendment--the right was pre-existing at both common law and in the early state constitutions."""
"duran did not contend another title fight until 1989, he won the wbc middleweight title from iran barkley in february but lost it and a chance to win the super middleweight title in a disappointing clash with ""sugar"" ray leonard in december."	"duran did not contend another title fight until 1989, he won the wbc middleweight title from iran barkley in february but lost it and a chance to win the super middleweight title in a third clash with ""sugar"" ray leonard in december."
in august 2008 he sold the league ownership to andrew miller .	in august 2008 , andrew haines sold the league ownership to andrew miller .
- (the noble qur'an, 11:106-108)	- (the qur'an, 11:106-108)
some notables released includes madonna: an intimate biography (2002) by j. randy taraborrelli, madonna (2001) by andrew morton, madonna: like an icon (2007) by lucy o'brien, life with my sister madonna (2008) by her brother christopher ciccone, madonna: bawdy and soul (1997) authoring of karlene faith, desperately seeking madonna: in search of the meaning of the world's most famous woman (1993) by journalist adam sexton and more.	some works released includes madonna: an intimate biography (2002) by j. randy taraborrelli, madonna (2001) by andrew morton, madonna: like an icon (2007) by lucy o'brien, life with my sister madonna (2008) by her brother christopher ciccone, madonna: bawdy and soul (1997) authoring of karlene faith, desperately seeking madonna: in search of the meaning of the world's most famous woman (1993) by journalist adam sexton and more.
"morel, a devout catholic, had believed that mankind had started in perfection, contrasting modern humanity to the past, morel claimed there had been ""morbid deviation from an original type""."	"morel, a devout catholic, had believed that humankind had started in perfection, contrasting modern humanity to the past, morel claimed there had been ""morbid deviation from an original type""."
there are two towns in lijeve, gradika in the north, and the smaller town laktai at the southern point of the plain, and a great number of villages.	there are two towns in lijeve, gradika in the north, and the smaller town laktai at the southern point of the plain, and a number of villages.
"rhythms del mundo includes restructured tracks such as ""clocks"" by coldplay, ""better together"" by jack johnson, ""she will be loved"" by maroon 5, ""high and dry"" by radiohead and ""dancing shoes"" by arctic monkeys and modern way by the kaiser chiefs and other great songs."	"rhythms del mundo includes restructured tracks such as ""clocks"" by coldplay, ""better together"" by jack johnson, ""she will be loved"" by maroon 5, ""high and dry"" by radiohead and ""dancing shoes"" by arctic monkeys and modern way by the kaiser chiefs and other popular songs."
a 15 year old farmer murdered by us troops in 2010.	a 15 year old farmer killed by us troops in 2010.
ironically , the new legislation did not affect the coca ingredient (cocaine), which remained in the formula until the end of the 19th century.	however , the new legislation did not affect the coca ingredient (cocaine), which remained in the formula until the end of the 19th century.
websites related to the persecuted falun gong spiritual practice	websites related to the banned falun gong spiritual practice
"hezbollah ( , literally ""party of god""; hebrew: ) is a shi'a islamic political and paramilitary terrorist organization based in lebanon."	"hezbollah ( , literally ""party of god""; hebrew: ) is a shi'a islamic political and paramilitary organization based in lebanon."
he then scored two goals in a 4-0 thrashing of alloa athletic on 7 november, taking his overall tally to 17 goals.	he then scored two goals in a 4-0 the defeat of alloa athletic on 7 november, taking his overall tally to 17 goals.
based on a recent bombshell report by researchers at germanys rwth aachen university .	based on a recent report by researchers at germanys rwth aachen university .
shamir joined the irgun zvai leumi, a zionist paramilitary murder group that opposed british control of palestine.	shamir joined the irgun zvai leumi, a zionist paramilitary group that opposed british control of palestine.
this led florida state player sam cassell to say that the dean dome is not a duke kind of crowd.	this led florida state player sam cassell to say that the dean dome is not a cameron indoor stadium kind of crowd.
"on her last song of the night in the final two, carrie's spectacular performance of ""angels brought me here"" had simon saying, ""i think you've done enough to win the competition."""	"on her last song of the night in the final two, carrie's performance of ""angels brought me here"" had simon saying, ""i think you've done enough to win the competition."""
oneida is known for its convenient proximity to the big south fork national river and recreation area.	oneida is known for its proximity to the big south fork national river and recreation area.
a voice for men features regular articles on subjects impacting men's and boys' issues, including education, circumcision, homelessness, rape, allegations of rape (false or otherwise), the pros and cons of domestic violence, paternity fraud, financial abortion, cultural misandry, media bias, criticism and satire of strawfeminism and cultural conservatives, and other publications that examine men's issues such as the good men project (where it has frequently reprinted articles that the good men project has refused or removed from its site altogether).	a voice for men features regular articles on subjects impacting men's and boys' issues, including education, circumcision, homelessness, rape, allegations of rape (false or otherwise), the pros and cons of domestic violence, paternity fraud, financial abortion, cultural misandry, media bias, criticism and satire of feminism and cultural conservatives, and other publications that examine men's issues such as the good men project (where it has frequently reprinted articles that the good men project has refused or removed from its site altogether).
"in 2005, taber wrote a well-researched book on the event, with the goal of ""setting the record straight."""	"in 2005, taber wrote a book on the event, with the goal of ""setting the record straight."""
the report shows that it's not clear to which degree the red cross was involved, with some of the criticism concerning how well did the organization handle the crisis.	the report contends that it's not clear to which degree the red cross was involved, with some of the criticism concerning how well did the organization handle the crisis.
he is an extremely active space entrepreneur and space activist.	he is an active space entrepreneur and space activist.
"the loss of the thetis was the inspiration for part of the ""railway station"" episode (episode 2) of british dark science fiction television series sapphire & steel."	"the loss of the thetis was the inspiration for part of the ""railway station"" episode (episode 2) of british science fiction television series sapphire & steel."
joe hill, born joel emmanuel hgglund, and also known as joseph hillstrm (october 7, 1879 november 19, 1915) was a swedish-american radical songwriter, labor activist and member of the industrial workers of the world (iww), also known as the wobblies.	joe hill, born joel emmanuel hgglund, and also known as joseph hillstrm (october 7, 1879 november 19, 1915) was a swedish-american songwriter, labor activist and member of the industrial workers of the world (iww), also known as the wobblies.
many have interesting elements, like the chiming clock and lighted clock tower of queen's royal college.	many have unusual elements, like the chiming clock and lighted clock tower of queen's royal college.
"in december 2005, cadenhead again achieved significant blog and media coverage by highlighting that wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales had edited his own wikipedia article repeatedly, which wales admitted was ""in poor taste."""	"in december 2005, cadenhead again achieved significant blog and media coverage by highlighting that wikipedia founder jimmy wales had edited his own wikipedia article repeatedly, which wales admitted was ""in poor taste."""
while often criticized by his father (though some might claim this is largely part of the show) paul jr. is an extremely skilled custom bike builder.	while often criticized by his father (though some might claim this is largely part of the show) paul jr. is an skilled custom bike builder.
it is usually considered that silesians belong to a polish ethnographic group, and speak a dialect of polish.	it is also considered that silesians belong to a polish ethnographic group, and speak a dialect of polish.
after the clark government was defeated in a motion of no confidence in december 1979, jerome decided not to run in the resulting general election.	after the clark government was defeated in a motion of no confidence in december 1979, jerome decided not to run in the ensuing general election.
"!style=""background:#69c; width:30%;""| actor /actress"	"!style=""background:#69c; width:30%;""| actor"
a range of studies have found that at least 10% of physical and sexual abuse victims forget the abuse.	a range of studies have concluded that at least 10% of physical and sexual abuse victims forget the abuse.
"the fictional nature of the story is established from the start through the names of the participants: the husband and father is elimelech, meaning ""my god is king"", and his wife is naomi, ""pleasing"", but after the deaths of her sons mahlon, ""sickness"", and chilion, ""wasting"", she asks to be called mara, ""bitter""."	"the nature of the story is established from the start through the names of the participants: the husband and father is elimelech, meaning ""my god is king"", and his wife is naomi, ""pleasing"", but after the deaths of her sons mahlon, ""sickness"", and chilion, ""wasting"", she asks to be called mara, ""bitter""."
these efforts were rejected by the republican majority in the house of representatives in 1999.	these efforts were rejected by the majority in the house of representatives in 1999.
designed to be integrated into consumer headphones, the solution works by accurately monitoring subtle changes to auditory evoked potentials (aep), a signal sent from the brain by an acoustical stimulus that measures an individuals auditory ability level.	designed to be integrated into consumer headphones, the solution works by monitoring subtle changes to auditory evoked potentials (aep), a signal sent from the brain by an acoustical stimulus that measures an individuals auditory ability level.
sadly , dawson wasn't able to turn around the cubs' fortunes: although the team contended for the first half of the season and were even in first place in early may, they finished the 1987 season at 76-85, last in the national league east.	although he had an outstanding year , dawson wasn't able to turn around the cubs' fortunes: although the team contended for the first half of the season and were even in first place in early may, they finished the 1987 season at 76-85, last in the national league east.
the states bush originally named were iraq, iran, north korea and then later syria, but the definition could be interpreted broadly to include other regimes.	the mation-states bush originally named were iraq, iran, north korea and then later syria, but the definition could be interpreted broadly to include other regimes.
waldo tobler (born 1930) is an influential american-swiss geographer and cartographer.	waldo tobler (born 1930) is an american-swiss geographer and cartographer.
all his relatives have feigned ignorance about his whereabouts.	all his relatives have claimed ignorance about his whereabouts.
it is now beautifully restored and displayed at the raaf association museum in bull creek, western australia	it is now restored and displayed at the raaf association museum in bull creek, western australia
in june 2001, after a dispute between local loyalist and republican activists over the flying of unionist paramilitary flags in an interface area, loyalists began to blockade the nearby holy cross primary school, a catholic primary school which was left behind a peace line in a protestant area at the beginning of the troubles.	in june 2001, after a dispute between local loyalist and republican activists over the flying of loyalist paramilitary flags in an interface area, loyalists began to blockade the nearby holy cross primary school, a catholic primary school which was left behind a peace line in a protestant area at the beginning of the troubles.
known for its racy marketing, go daddy started advertising in the super bowl in 2005. since then, the company expanded its marketing to include sports sponsorships.	known for its marketing, go daddy started advertising in the super bowl in 2005. since then, the company expanded its marketing to include sports sponsorships.
propaganda poster distributed by egerkinger committee.	campaign poster distributed by egerkinger committee.
the albanian demochristian party of kosovo platform promotes an independent, free, and democratic kosovo and like all other kosovar albanian political parties does not take part in the general elections in serbia nor any other election or referendum organised by the serbian parliament.	the albanian demochristian party of kosovo platform promotes an independent, free, and democratic kosovo and like all other kosovo albanian political parties does not take part in the general elections in serbia nor any other election or referendum organised by the serbian parliament.
thad lewis (class of 2006) mediocre nfl quarterback for the buffalo bills, 2013-present	thad lewis (class of 2006) nfl quarterback for the buffalo bills, 2013-present
vilification and criminal charges by nazi russia	vilification and criminal charges by russia
this is essentially the same criticism which was successfully levelled at the bbc's initial unreasonable restriction of iplayer to windows xp users only.	this is essentially the same criticism which was successfully levelled at the bbc's initial restriction of iplayer to windows xp users only.
satellite beach is a small city in brevard county, florida, usa.	satellite beach is a city in brevard county, florida, usa.
some claim that tens of thousands of political opponents and dissidents have been reported killed during castro's decades-long dictatorship .	some claim that tens of thousands of political opponents and dissidents have been reported killed during castro's decades-long leadership .
anna akana (born 1989), american filmmaker, producer, actress, comedienne , and model	anna akana (born 1989), american filmmaker, producer, actress, comedian , and model
they provide an alternative notion based on flood geology that argues through a literal interpretation of the bible's great flood fable that the earth is 6000 to 10,000 years old.	they provide an alternative notion based on flood geology that argues through a literal interpretation of the bible's great flood narrative that the earth is 6000 to 10,000 years old.
he developed a complex story-line with pseudo-cosmic themes, as adam warlock, who had emerged from a kind of virgin birth, confronted a dictatorial universal church of truth founded by his evil future self.	he developed a complex story-line with theological themes, as adam warlock, who had emerged from a kind of virgin birth, confronted a dictatorial universal church of truth founded by his evil future self.
this sham performance was widely deplored, even by the german and austrian fans who had hoped for a hot rematch of the 1978 fifa world cup match in which austria had beaten west germany.	this performance was widely deplored, even by the german and austrian fans who had hoped for a hot rematch of the 1978 fifa world cup match in which austria had beaten west germany.
soon after her debut, cheung broke into the film industry, starring in vapid comedies.	soon after her debut, cheung broke into the film industry, starring in comedies.
during the 1967 six-day war israel liberated the temple mount.	during the 1967 six-day war israel captured the temple mount.
these foods can be accepted from any clean caste but not from untouchables .	these foods can be accepted from any clean caste but not from the dalit.
after its third verse, the song enters an instrumental passage before returning with a fourth and final verse from west, where the rise and fall of his voice is intricately emulated by the fluctuation of the string orchestra.	after its third verse, the song enters an instrumental passage before returning with a fourth and final verse from west, where the rise and fall of his voice is emulated by the fluctuation of the string orchestra.
mr. peter costello, treasurer of the commonwealth of australia, is the current chairman of the g-20.	mr. peter costello, treasurer of the commonwealth of australia, is the current chairperson of the g-20.
the organization is strongly critical of vladimir putin's regime .	the organization is strongly critical of vladimir putin's presidency .
the dominant mechanisms (to which recent climate change has been attributed) are the result of human activity.	the dominant mechanisms (to which recent climate change has been attributed) could include the result of human activity.
stevenson's humerous idea includes the use of nuclear weapons to crack the earth's crust, simultaneously melting and filling the crack with molten iron containing a probe.	stevenson's idea includes the use of nuclear weapons to crack the earth's crust, simultaneously melting and filling the crack with molten iron containing a probe.
he is best known for his work at walt disney animation studios.	he is known for his work at walt disney animation studios.
unlike authentic chinese glass noodles, they are usually made from potato starch.	unlike chinese glass noodles, they are usually made from potato starch.
after the process of unification of the diverse english kingdoms in 878 by alfred the great, there is a marked decline in the importance of regional dialects.	after the process of unification of the diverse anglo-saxon kingdoms in 878 by alfred the great, there is a marked decline in the importance of regional dialects.
the native maguindanaon and other native muslim/non-muslim groups have a fascinating culture that revolves around kulintang music, a specific type of gong music, found among both muslim and non-muslim groups of the southern philippines.	the native maguindanaon and other native muslim/non-muslim groups have a culture that revolves around kulintang music, a specific type of gong music, found among both muslim and non-muslim groups of the southern philippines.
532) is located in kerch, ukraine and specializes in the construction of tankers and container carriers, and the repair of ships of different types and tonnage.	532) is located in kerch, crimea and specializes in the construction of tankers and container carriers, and the repair of ships of different types and tonnage.
park mi-sun, comedienne and television host	park mi-sun, comedian and television host
hari pointed out roberts had addressed and praised the springbok club, a white supremacist organisation that flies the apartheid flag.	hari pointed out roberts had addressed and praised the springbok club, a white supremacist organisation that flies the old south african flag .
unfortunately , many early computers did not support a flat memory model in particular, harvard architecture machines force program storage to be completely separate from data storage.	however , many early computers did not support a flat memory model in particular, harvard architecture machines force program storage to be completely separate from data storage.
talented illustrators - among them paul iribe, georges lepape, ert, and george barbier - drew exquisite fashion plates for these publications, which covered the most recent developments in fashion and beauty.	talented illustrators - among them paul iribe, georges lepape, ert, and george barbier - drew attractive fashion plates for these publications, which covered the most recent developments in fashion and beauty.
james dale guckert (born 1957) posed as a conservative columnist who worked under the pseudonym jeff gannon as a white house reporter between 2003 and 2005, representing the fake news organization talon news.	james dale guckert (born 1957) posed as a conservative columnist who worked under the pseudonym jeff gannon as a white house reporter between 2003 and 2005, representing the news organization talon news.
while it portrays him as a venomous personality, it is often considered one of the best wrestling books around.	while it portrays him as a hard no-nonsense personality, it is often considered one of the best wrestling books around.
recently, oxfam has claimed that the lifestyle of the maasai should be embraced as a response to climate change because of their ability to produce food in deserts and scrublands.	recently, oxfam has suggested that the lifestyle of the maasai should be embraced as a response to climate change because of their ability to produce food in deserts and scrublands.
hells angels (without an apostrophe) a notorious motorcycle club	hells angels (without an apostrophe) a motorcycle club
all of this lists, are especially made by usa-based organizations/specialists.	all of lists, are especially made by usa-based organizations/specialists.
fees for naturalisation (including citizenship ceremony fee) have been rising steadily far faster than inflation;	fees for naturalisation (including citizenship ceremony fee) have been rising steadily faster than inflation;
abu hani, was a palestinian resistance fighter active in the 1960s and 1970s, involved in several terrorist attacks, who was ultimately apparently eliminated by the mossad.	abu hani, was a palestinian guerilla fighter active in the 1960s and 1970s, involved in several terrorist attacks, who was ultimately apparently eliminated by the mossad.
the arab world (arabic: ) (al-`alam al-`arabi) stretches from the atlantic ocean in the west to the persian gulf in the east, and from the mediterranean sea in the north to central africa and the indian ocean in the south.	the arab world (arabic: ) (al-`alam al-`arabi) stretches from the atlantic ocean in the west to the gulf in the east, and from the mediterranean sea in the north to central africa and the indian ocean in the south.
"reviewers have found some similarities between his book darkness at dawn and ""putin's russia"" by anna politkovskaya: ""both these books underline the moral vacuum that the destruction of the soviet union has left."	"angus macqueenn have found some similarities between his book darkness at dawn and ""putin's russia"" by anna politkovskaya: ""both these books underline the moral vacuum that the destruction of the soviet union has left."
reichen lehmkuhl (born december 26, 1973 in cincinnati, ohio) is best known for winning season four of the reality game show the amazing race with his then- partner chip arndt.	reichen lehmkuhl (born december 26, 1973 in cincinnati, ohio) is best known for winning season four of the reality game show the amazing race with his then- boyfriend chip arndt.
godfrey douglas giles (9 november 1857 karachi - 1 february 1941) was a noted painter of horses, military scenes and battles, many experienced at first hand while on service with the british army in india, afghanistan, egypt and south africa.	godfrey douglas giles (9 november 1857 karachi - 1 february 1941) was a painter of horses, military scenes and battles, many experienced at first hand while on service with the british army in india, afghanistan, egypt and south africa.
baptism with the holy spirit discussed from the biblical point of view	baptism with the holy spirit discussed from the non-pentecostal/charismatic point of view
the republic of china (roc) was one of the founding members of the united nations and a permanent member of the security council from its creation in 1945. in 1949, the communist party of china seized power on the mainland and declared the people's republic of china (prc), claiming to have replaced the roc as the sole legitimate government of china and the roc government withdrew to occupied taiwan.	the republic of china (roc) was one of the founding members of the united nations and a permanent member of the security council from its creation in 1945. in 1949, the communist party of china seized power on the mainland and declared the people's republic of china (prc), claiming to have replaced the roc as the sole legitimate government of china and the roc government withdrew to taiwan.
during its construction, the eiffel tower surpassed the washington monument to assume the title of the tallest man-made structure in the world, a title it held for 41 years, until the chrysler building in new york city was built in 1930. because of the addition of the aerial atop the eiffel tower in 1957, it is now taller than the chrysler building by .	during its construction, the eiffel tower surpassed the washington monument to assume the title of the tallest artificial structure in the world, a title it held for 41 years, until the chrysler building in new york city was built in 1930. because of the addition of the aerial atop the eiffel tower in 1957, it is now taller than the chrysler building by .
carter is a skilled dancer who has done some of his own choreography.	carter is a dancer who has done some of his own choreography.
her body was examined and it was found that she had not been sinfully violated.	her body was examined and it was found that she had not been sexually violated.
"gaecheon (""opening of heaven"") refers to 3 october 2457 bce, the date when hwanung descended from heaven to live with mankind ."	"gaecheon (""opening of heaven"") refers to 3 october 2457 bce, the date when hwanung descended from heaven to live with humankind ."
one of the primary tools is undoubtedly the ak-47, which albania possesses in abundance.	one of the primary tools is the ak-47, which albania possesses in abundance.
vietnam's victory, supported by the soviet union, had significant ramifications for the region; the people's republic of china launched a punitive invasion of northern vietnam and retreated (with both sides claiming victory).	vietnam's victory, supported by the soviet union, had significant ramifications for the region; the people's republic of china launched a invasion of northern vietnam and retreated (with both sides claiming victory).
the term was first coined by clarence thomas during his supreme court confirmation hearings, referring to the apparent racist remarks by the democrats in the senate.	the term was first coined by clarence thomas during his supreme court confirmation hearings, referring to the allegedly racist remarks by the democrats in the senate.
these renegade paladins are now able to harness the sacred powers of the alliance's noblest heroes for their own vile purposes.	these renegade paladins are now able to harness the sacred powers of the alliance's noblest heroes for their own purposes.
tsarnaev's lawyer, judy clarke, indicated two strong lines of likely appeal: that on prejudicial grounds the trial should never have been held in boston; and that the defense was given insufficient time to mount a full argument in mitigation that might have convinced the jury to spare tsarnaev's life.	tsarnaev's lawyer, judy clarke, indicated two lines of likely appeal: that on prejudicial grounds the trial should never have been held in boston; and that the defense was given insufficient time to mount a full argument in mitigation that might have convinced the jury to spare tsarnaev's life.
in september 2006, faith freedom international launched wikiislam, a community-edited wiki collecting negative opinions about islam.	in september 2006, faith freedom international launched wikiislam, a community-edited wiki collecting critical opinions about islam.
a controversial scholarship fund set up for graduates of philomath high school was the subject of the documentary clear cut: the story of philomath, oregon.	a scholarship fund set up for graduates of philomath high school was the subject of the documentary clear cut: the story of philomath, oregon.
the cover of the d&d basic set, 2nd printing, showcases some of the rather amateurish artwork the game featured in its early years.	the cover of the d&d basic set, 2nd printing, showcases some of the rather primitive artwork the game featured in its early years.
the county is part of the appalachians and has many striking mountainous features, including the peak of high knob and powell valley.	the county is part of the appalachians and has many mountainous features, including the peak of high knob and powell valley.
this clever feat of arms is told clearly in the commentaries.	this feat of arms is told clearly in the commentaries.
in the process, the u.s. displaced most indian nations, stealng their lands and destroying or forcibly relocating many.	in the process, the u.s. displaced most indian nations, seizing their lands and destroying or forcibly relocating many.
"in may 2010, liberal new york representative anthony weiner accused goldline of ""shady practices."""	"in may 2010, new york representative anthony weiner accused goldline of ""shady practices."""
the increased inflation rate in the 1960s, the us monetary devaluation, the continued concern over a possible nuclear exchange between the us and the soviet union, and the increasing vulnerability of urban centers to supply shortages and other systems failures caused a number of primarily conservative and libertarian thinkers to promote individual preparations.	the increased inflation rate in the 1960s, the us monetary devaluation, the continued concern over a possible nuclear exchange between the us and the soviet union, and perceived increasing vulnerability of urban centers to supply shortages and other systems failures caused a number of primarily conservative and libertarian thinkers to promote individual preparations.
it is also well-known that jews eat children and control the media.	it is also widely claimed that jews eat children and control the media.
a closely related phenomenon is the recontextualization of material objects, as for example when the anti-racist jim crow museum at ferris state university displays such jim crow era artifacts as golliwog marbles or sambo masks.	a closely related phenomenon is the recontextualization of material objects, as for example when the jim crow museum at ferris state university displays such jim crow era artifacts as golliwog marbles or sambo masks.
"kangugi ""k. k."" karanja (born november 23, 1973) is an chess player and is widely regarded as the first african-american chess prodigy."	"kangugi ""k. k."" karanja (born november 23, 1973) is an chess player and is regarded as the first african-american chess prodigy."
the students that were studying at ambleside have now reluctantly relocated to the lancaster campus.	the students that were studying at ambleside have now been relocated to the lancaster campus.
then, on december 27, 2009, abs-cbn finally released its first full trailer during the buzz , showing its release date, january 18, 2010.	then, on december 27, 2009, abs-cbn released its first full trailer during the buzz , showing its release date, january 18, 2010.
during his 40-year career bass worked for some of hollywood's greatest filmmakers, including alfred hitchcock, otto preminger, billy wilder, stanley kubrick and martin scorsese.	during his 40-year career bass worked for some of hollywood's most prominent filmmakers, including alfred hitchcock, otto preminger, billy wilder, stanley kubrick and martin scorsese.
he scored a wonderful goal against spain in the 91st minute after going down the left wing then firing the ball past casillas.	he scored a goal against spain in the 91st minute after going down the left wing then firing the ball past casillas.
protest march by bangladeshis to downing street with murdered shaheed altab ali's coffin, 1978	protest march by bangladeshis to downing street with murdered altab ali's coffin, 1978
the golden horn hosted the 4th round of the spectacular red bull air race world series for the first time on july 29, 2006.	the golden horn hosted the 4th round of the red bull air race world series for the first time on july 29, 2006.
an uxeter or slotted kimblewick, with the rein on the lower slot, making the action harsher	an uxeter or slotted kimblewick, with the rein on the lower slot, making the action stronger
"based on the primitive christian tradition, gerd theissen advances the hypothesis that jesus saw himself in messianic terms but did not claim the title ""messiah."""	"based on the christian tradition, gerd theissen advances the hypothesis that jesus saw himself in messianic terms but did not claim the title ""messiah."""
"nontraditional sexual practices like anal sex ""no doubt receive a boost from their online visibility."""	"sexual practices like anal sex ""no doubt receive a boost from their online visibility."""
"the beginning of personhood (sometimes phrased ambiguously as ""the beginning of life""): when is the embryo or fetus considered a person?"	"the beginning of personhood (sometimes phrased as ""the beginning of life""): when is the embryo or fetus considered a person?"
since retiring from football, he has become a successful racehorse jockey, breeder, and owner.	since retiring from football, he has become a racehorse jockey, breeder, and owner.
an average of six st. olaf students are awarded the prestigious fulbright scholarship each year.	an average of six st. olaf students are awarded the fulbright scholarship each year.
malindo airways sdn bhd (doing business as malindo air) is a malaysian premium airline and owned by indonesia with headquarters in petaling jaya, selangor, malaysia.	malindo airways sdn bhd (doing business as malindo air) is a malaysian full-service airline and owned by indonesia with headquarters in petaling jaya, selangor, malaysia.
"google earth pro is a business-oriented paid upgrade to google earth that has even more features than the ""plus"" version."	"google earth pro is a business-oriented paid upgrade to google earth that has more features than the ""plus"" version."
"dris such as cocaine and methylphenidate and combination releasing agents such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and mdma (""ecstasy"") are widely abused throughout the world."	"dris such as cocaine and methylphenidate and combination releasing agents such as amphetamine, methamphetamine, and mdma (""ecstasy"") are widely used recreationally throughout the world."
inspiring interview with geoff thompson and subvert magazine	interview with geoff thompson and subvert magazine
he has also written acclaimed books on film noir and the coen brothers for virgin publishing.	he has also written books on film noir and the coen brothers for virgin publishing.
the arenig mountains can also be seen to the far south.	the arenig mountains can also be seen to the south.
as with most of the mexican actors selected from the local population, alfonso bedoya's atrocious pronunciation of english proved to be a bit of a problem.	as with most of the mexican actors selected from the local population, alfonso bedoya's heavily accented pronunciation of english proved to be a bit of a problem.
june 1967 to present: state of israel and occupied palestinian territories.	june 1967 to present: state of israel and palestinian territories.
the movement also hindered economic investment, became increasingly terroristic in nature, and threw punjab into a state of anarchy with increased levels of freedom.	the movement also hindered economic investment, became increasingly militant in nature, and threw punjab into a state of anarchy with increased levels of freedom.
dead on course is the fourteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee .	dead on course is the fourteenth episode of the second series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee .
barnsley pulled off a huge shock in the fifth round of the fa cup, beating liverpool at anfield to progress to the quarter finals for the first time since 1999. dirk kuyt opened the scoring in the first half, but stephen foster headed in the equaliser in the second while loaned goalkeeper luke steele made several spectacular saves to keep barnsley in the game.	barnsley pulled off a huge shock in the fifth round of the fa cup, beating liverpool at anfield to progress to the quarter finals for the first time since 1999. dirk kuyt opened the scoring in the first half, but stephen foster headed in the equaliser in the second while loaned goalkeeper luke steele made several saves to keep barnsley in the game.
during this period, josiah reformed the judahite religion, babylon destroyed assyria, egypt briefly imposed vassal status on judah, babylon defeated egypt and made judah a babylonian vassal (605), judah revolted but was subjugated again by babylon (597), and judah revolted once more.	during this period, josiah changed the judahite religion, babylon destroyed assyria, egypt briefly imposed vassal status on judah, babylon defeated egypt and made judah a babylonian vassal (605), judah revolted but was subjugated again by babylon (597), and judah revolted once more.
on april 26, 1986, a birthday tribute for actress/ comedienne carol burnett was held inside.	on april 26, 1986, a birthday tribute for actress/ comedian carol burnett was held inside.
miraculously recovered after the liberation, most are now in the art collection of the ghetto fighters' house museum at kibbutz lohamei hageta'ot in israel.	recovered after the liberation, most are now in the art collection of the ghetto fighters' house museum at kibbutz lohamei hageta'ot in israel.
ayyoub is actively involved in government efforts to retake and re-assert army control in the key areas of damascus and aleppo.	ayyoub is actively involved in government efforts to retake and re-assert army control in the rebel-held areas of damascus and aleppo.
rumors continued to multiply thereafter, with korean actress kim min-seon joining the fray by claiming that she would rather drink prussic acid than eat american beef.	worries continued to multiply thereafter, with korean actress kim min-seon joining the fray by claiming that she would rather drink prussic acid than eat american beef.
"mildred ""millie"" jackson (born 1944), american singer and comedienne"	"mildred ""millie"" jackson (born 1944), american singer and comedian"
the southbank farm park, towards kilmory sadly closed its doors to the public a couple of years ago, but there is now a wood-turning studio based at the farm.	the southbank farm park, towards kilmory closed its doors to the public a couple of years ago, but there is now a wood-turning studio based at the farm.
the major differences between the m.d.	the differences between the m.d.
idi amin dada oumee (c.1925 – 16 august 2003), commonly known as idi amin, was a ugandan military dictator and the president of uganda from 1971 to 1979. amin joined the british colonial regiment, the king's african rifles, in 1946, and advanced to the rank of major general and commander of the ugandan army.	idi amin dada oumee (c.1925 – 16 august 2003), commonly known as idi amin, was a ugandan military officer and the president of uganda from 1971 to 1979. amin joined the british colonial regiment, the king's african rifles, in 1946, and advanced to the rank of major general and commander of the ugandan army.
/ -94 , grau designation 6p33) is an advanced assault rifle of russian origin.	/ -94 , grau designation 6p33) is an assault rifle of russian origin.
"oral fixations are considered to contribute to over-eating, being overly talkative, smoking addictions, overindulging in confectionery , chewing on straws, and even alcoholism (known as ""oral dependent"" qualities)."	"oral fixations are considered to contribute to over-eating, being overly talkative, smoking addictions, overindulging in sugar , chewing on straws, and even alcoholism (known as ""oral dependent"" qualities)."
pete weber grew up in florissant, missouri, and, as the son of bowling legend dick weber, was introduced to the sport at the age of two.	pete weber grew up in florissant, missouri, and, as the son of bowling dick weber, was introduced to the sport at the age of two.
roxbury latin last won the new england championship for football in 2002; since then, the team has characteristically struggled.	roxbury latin last won the new england championship for football in 2002; since then, the team has struggled.
quarantania is a mountain approximately 366 m (1 200 feet) high, located about 11 km (7 miles) north-west of jericho, israel .	quarantania is a mountain approximately 366 m (1 200 feet) high, located about 11 km (7 miles) north-west of jericho, west bank .
their treachery contributed to the confusion of mortimer's army which, attacked from the steep slopes above, and from their flank and rear, was destroyed.	their action contributed to the confusion of mortimer's army which, attacked from the steep slopes above, and from their flank and rear, was destroyed.
the impetus towards affirmative action is twofold: to maximize diversity, and its supposed benefits, in all levels of society, and to redress perceived disadvantages due to overt, institutional, or involuntary discrimination.	the impetus towards affirmative action is twofold: to maximize diversity, and its presumed benefits, in all levels of society, and to redress perceived disadvantages due to overt, institutional, or involuntary discrimination.
however, a large number of recent studies, including a 2006 article in the journal science offer the consensus opinion that fuels like ethanol are energy positive.	however, a large number of recent studies, including a 2006 article in the journal science offer the opinion that fuels like ethanol are energy positive.
"in 1943, he founded the so-called university of lawsonomy in des moines to spread his teachings and offer the degree of ""knowledgian,"" but after various irs and other investigations it was closed and finally sold in 1954, the year of lawson's death."	"in 1943, he founded the unaccredited university of lawsonomy in des moines to spread his teachings and offer the degree of ""knowledgian,"" but after various irs and other investigations it was closed and finally sold in 1954, the year of lawson's death."
jaynee germond (born july 23, 1957) is an american constitutional politician.	jaynee germond (born july 23, 1957) is an american politician.
he is best known for his roles as david healy in the abc sitcom roseanne, as rusty griswold in national lampoon's christmas vacation and currently as leonard hofstadter in the hit cbs sitcom the big bang theory.	he is best known for his roles as david healy in the abc sitcom roseanne, as rusty griswold in national lampoon's christmas vacation and currently as leonard hofstadter in the cbs sitcom the big bang theory.
near the entrance to thailand's ministry of defence building in bangkok is a cannon known as the phaya tani, an enormous gun captured from the sultanate of pattani in 1785. the cannon is a symbol of cultural identity in pattani and the profound sense of loss caused by its seizure is still felt today: when bangkok refused to return the gun and in 2013 sent a replica instead, suspected insurgents bombed it just nine days later.	near the entrance to thailand's ministry of defence building in bangkok is a cannon known as the phaya tani, an enormous gun captured from the sultanate of pattani in 1785. the cannon is a symbol of cultural identity in pattani and the profound sense of loss caused by its seizure is still felt today: when bangkok refused to return the gun and in 2013 sent a replica instead, suspected insurgents bombed it nine days later.
slyguide .com destinations of sex tourism and prostitution	www.worldsexarchives .com destinations of sex tourism and prostitution
the stainless banner was lowered in front of the crew and a royal navy detachment who boarded the vessel.	the banner was lowered in front of the crew and a royal navy detachment who boarded the vessel.
according to the last reported numbers provided by nintendo, wind waker sold only 3.07 million copies worldwide, far below the 7.6 million set by ocarina of time.	according to the last reported numbers provided by nintendo, wind waker sold 3.07 million copies worldwide, far below the 7.6 million set by ocarina of time.
norma rae webster is a minimum-wage worker in a cotton mill that has taken too much of a toll on the health of her family for her to ignore their dickensian working conditions.	norma rae webster is a minimum-wage worker in a cotton mill that has taken too much of a toll on the health of her family for her to ignore their poor working conditions.
philip was ultimately killed by one of these teams when he was tracked down by friendly native americans led by captain benjamin church and captain josiah standish of the plymouth colony militia at mt.	philip was ultimately killed by one of these teams when he was tracked down by colony-allied native americans led by captain benjamin church and captain josiah standish of the plymouth colony militia at mt.
a clique of players who were openly hostile toward bradman formed during the tour.	a group of players who were openly hostile toward bradman formed during the tour.
"under yezhov, the great purge reached its grotesque height, with roughly 50-75% of the members of the supreme soviet and officers of the soviet military being stripped of their positions and imprisoned, exiled to the siberian gulags or executed, along with millions of lesser soviet citizens, accused (usually without any evidence) of disloyalty or ""wrecking"" by local chekist troikas in order to satisfy yezhov's arbitrary quotas for arrests and executions."	"under yezhov, the great purge reached its height, with roughly 50-75% of the members of the supreme soviet and officers of the soviet military being stripped of their positions and imprisoned, exiled to the siberian gulags or executed, along with millions of lesser soviet citizens, accused (usually without any evidence) of disloyalty or ""wrecking"" by local chekist troikas in order to satisfy yezhov's arbitrary quotas for arrests and executions."
new pop sunday, on beyond records, was a departure from the grittier sound of the first two albums, featuring songs that were unmistakably pop rock in nature.	new pop sunday, on beyond records, was a departure from the grittier sound of the first two albums, featuring songs that were pop rock in nature.
the controversial amateur epigrapher barry fell claimed that hanno had crossed the atlantic ocean and explored north america (see: bourne stone)	the controversial epigrapher barry fell claimed that hanno had crossed the atlantic ocean and explored north america (see: bourne stone)
on april 5 1945 the soviet union unilaterally ended the pact three days before they launched operation august storm an attack on japanese forces in manchuria.	on august 5 1945 the soviet union unilaterally ended the pact three days before they launched operation august storm an attack on japanese forces in manchuria.
jean-claude juncker (; born 9 december 1954) is a luxembourgish politician and bureaucrat serving as president of the european commission since 2014. from 1995 to 2013 he served as the 23rd prime minister of luxembourg; from 1989 to 2009 he was also minister for finances.	jean-claude juncker (; born 9 december 1954) is a luxembourgish politician and eurocrat serving as president of the european commission since 2014. from 1995 to 2013 he served as the 23rd prime minister of luxembourg; from 1989 to 2009 he was also minister for finances.
later, the great inventor repositioned the engine to a lower location, placing it in front of the pilot.	later, the inventor repositioned the engine to a lower location, placing it in front of the pilot.
contrary to popular belief, o'rourke actually stripped away some of the pretentious noises recorded by wilco rather than bring them up in the mix.	contrary to popular belief, o'rourke actually stripped away some of the avant-garde noises recorded by wilco rather than bring them up in the mix.
"the rocksteady 7 or ""david hillyard & the rocksteady seven"", is an influential american ska and jazz band from new york, new york that formed in 1992. since the early 90's the group has consisted of tenor saxophonist and band leader david hillyard as well as percussionist larry mcdonald."	"the rocksteady 7 or ""david hillyard & the rocksteady seven"", is an american ska and jazz band from new york, new york that formed in 1992. since the early 90's the group has consisted of tenor saxophonist and band leader david hillyard as well as percussionist larry mcdonald."
since 2013 she has served as an education reform and school choice activist.	since 2013 she has served as a so-called education reform and school choice activist.
the bomber was school board treasurer andrew kehoe, 55, who was ostensibly enraged about a property tax levied to fund the construction of the school building.	the bomber was school board treasurer andrew kehoe, 55, who was enraged about a property tax levied to fund the construction of the school building.
the older cronquist system gives essentially the same composition, except the vochysiaceae are removed to the order polygalales, and the thymelaeaceae are included.	the cronquist system gives essentially the same composition, except the vochysiaceae are removed to the order polygalales, and the thymelaeaceae are included.
"the independent alleges that he earns over 25,000 per engagement, and is described by his agency as providing ""insights and his own opinions on the expanding european union, the future of the world in the 21st century, and also about britain""."	"the independent states that he earns over 25,000 per engagement, and is described by his agency as providing ""insights and his own opinions on the expanding european union, the future of the world in the 21st century, and also about britain""."
the sister airlines will continue to operate.	the sibling airlines will continue to operate.
"the single became minogue's first hit in the united states in thirteen years, ultimately becoming minogue's first american top 40 single since ""it's no secret"" in 1988, when it reached #7 on the billboard hot 100 in 2002. it also became her second top 10 single there, her first being ""the loco-motion"" (which reached a higher peak of number 3), also in 1988. the song was also a massive dance club hit in the u.s., peaking at #1 on the hot dance club play chart."	"the single became minogue's first hit in the united states in thirteen years, ultimately becoming minogue's first american top 40 single since ""it's no secret"" in 1988, when it reached #7 on the billboard hot 100 in 2002. it also became her second top 10 single there, her first being ""the loco-motion"" (which reached a higher peak of number 3), also in 1988. the song was also a dance club hit in the u.s., peaking at #1 on the hot dance club play chart."
an example of greenwashing is the american government's clear skies initiative, which environmentalists claim weakens air pollution laws.	a commonly cited example of greenwashing is the american government's clear skies initiative, which environmentalists claim weakens air pollution laws.
the son of billionaire amway founder richard devos, he is currently the republican candidate for governor of michigan, challenging incumbent governor jennifer granholm.	the son of amway founder richard devos, he is currently the republican candidate for governor of michigan, challenging incumbent governor jennifer granholm.
menlo park is an affluent city in san mateo county, california in the united states of america, in the san francisco bay area.	menlo park is an ` city in san mateo county, california in the united states of america, in the san francisco bay area.
the government maintains that the non-renewal is caused by rctv's support for the 2002 coup attempt against chvez's democratically elected government.	the government says that the non-renewal is caused by rctv's support for the 2002 coup attempt against chvez's democratically elected government.
when kathy, the dolphin who most often played flipper, died in obarrys arms, he realized that capturing, displaying and training dolphins to perform silly tricks was wrong.	when kathy, the dolphin who most often played flipper, died in obarrys arms, he realized that capturing, displaying and training dolphins to perform tricks was wrong.
sandra bernhard, actress and comedienne	sandra bernhard, actress and comedian
although the uk government has set a target of 10% of the uk's electricity to be produced by renewable energy by 2010, wind power in the united kingdom has a long history of controversy, with an average approval rate for planning permission of only 28% for onshore wind farms.	although the uk government has set a target of 10% of the uk's electricity to be produced by renewable energy by 2010, wind power in the united kingdom has a long history of controversy, with an average approval rate for planning permission of 28% for onshore wind farms.
in 1944 it was liberated by the red army, the remaining polish population has been expelled.	in 1944 it was retaken by the red army, the remaining polish population has been expelled.
it controls 40% of the total runoff of the zambezi river, thus changing the downstream ecology quite dramatically.	it controls 40% of the total runoff of the zambezi river, thus changing the downstream ecology dramatically.
it was then announced in october 2016 that it will be split into three smaller releases (3.1, 3.2 and 3.3) but failed to make the 2016 release date and since then no new information was given by the developers.	it was then announced in october 2016 that it will be split into three smaller releases (3.1, 3.2 and 3.3) but failed to make the 2016 release date and since then no new information has been given by the developers.
on september 20, 2005, federated announced that all of the marshall field's stores (including the legendary state street store in chicago) would become macy's by the end of 2006, becoming the new macy's north division.	on september 20, 2005, federated announced that all of the marshall field's stores (including the flagship state street store in chicago) would become macy's by the end of 2006, becoming the new macy's north division.
india is the birthplace of dharmic religions such as hinduism and buddhism.	south asia is the birthplace of dharmic religions such as hinduism and buddhism.
from january 1944 through july 1945, large-scale production plants were set in operation, and the fissile material thus produced was then used to determine the features of the weapons.	from january 1944 until july 1945, large-scale production plants were set in operation, and the fissile material thus produced was then used to determine the features of the weapons.
the process of democratization of the totalitarian soviet union started with the policy of glasnost, meaning openness or freedom of speech.	the process of democratization of the soviet union started with the policy of glasnost, meaning openness or freedom of speech.
on june 2 and june 3, 2006, police and security agencies in ontario, canada carried out a series of counter-terrorism raids in the greater toronto area that resulted in the capture of 17 alleged members of an islamic terrorist cell.	on june 2 and june 3, 2006, police and security agencies in ontario, canada carried out a series of counter-terrorism raids in the greater toronto area that resulted in the arrest of 17 alleged members of an islamic terrorist cell.
"in the united states military, the slang term ""to bolo"" – to fail a test, exam or evaluation, originated from the combined philippine-american military forces including recognized guerrillas during the spanish-american war and the philippine insurrection ; those local soldiers and guerrillas who failed to demonstrate proficiency in marksmanship were issued bolos instead of firearms so as not to waste scarce ammunition."	"in the united states military, the slang term ""to bolo"" – to fail a test, exam or evaluation, originated from the combined philippine-american military forces including recognized guerrillas during the spanish-american war and the philippine -american war ; those local soldiers and guerrillas who failed to demonstrate proficiency in marksmanship were issued bolos instead of firearms so as not to waste scarce ammunition."
however, in a recent conference associated with the controversial conservative writer david horowitz, wafa sultan expressed her views unequivocally stating:	however, in a recent conference associated with the conservative writer david horowitz, wafa sultan expressed her views unequivocally stating:
for the exorbitant sum of $6,420 he had purchased a first set of three parcels in 1818, at an auction held at the tontine coffee house of mortgaged premises of archibald gracie, in order to protect gracie's heirs from foreclosure, as he was executor of gracie's estate.	for the sum of $6,420 he had purchased a first set of three parcels in 1818, at an auction held at the tontine coffee house of mortgaged premises of archibald gracie, in order to protect gracie's heirs from foreclosure, as he was executor of gracie's estate.
"the abraham lincoln presidential museum has been recognized with two prestigious awards; a thea award for creative excellence, presented by the themed entertainment association,2 and an award from the lincoln group of new york, for ""being the greatest achievement in america to encourage the study and appreciation of abraham lincoln and the times in which he lived."""	"the abraham lincoln presidential museum has been recognized with two awards; a thea award for creative excellence, presented by the themed entertainment association,2 and an award from the lincoln group of new york, for ""being the greatest achievement in america to encourage the study and appreciation of abraham lincoln and the times in which he lived."""
noonan has drawn fire from liberal and progressive groups for his overly-muscular foreign policy positions, particularly on us nuclear weapon issues.	noonan has drawn fire from liberal and progressive groups for his aggressive foreign policy positions, particularly on us nuclear weapon issues.
in late 2010, david bradley, president of the ontario trucking association, proposed naming the bridge in honor of canadian-born professional hockey great gordie howe, who played the bulk of his career for the detroit red wings.	in late 2010, david bradley, president of the ontario trucking association, proposed naming the bridge in honor of canadian-born professional hockey player gordie howe, who played the bulk of his career for the detroit red wings.
the controversial american director peter sellars also directed giulio cesare, as a studio production filmed at defa-studio in 1990. the recording is based on a production originally staged at the 1987 pepsico summerfare held at suny purchase and later presented at the opera company of boston (1987), thtre royal de la monnaie in brussels (1988), and le thtre nanterre-amandiers, paris (1990).	the american director peter sellars also directed giulio cesare, as a studio production filmed at defa-studio in 1990. the recording is based on a production originally staged at the 1987 pepsico summerfare held at suny purchase and later presented at the opera company of boston (1987), thtre royal de la monnaie in brussels (1988), and le thtre nanterre-amandiers, paris (1990).
"virtuoso guitarist eric johnson wrote a well-known composition called ""cliffs of dover."""	"guitarist eric johnson wrote a well-known composition called ""cliffs of dover."""
"the jade helm 15 conspiracy theories were based on the eponymous united states military training exercise which took place in multiple u.s. states in the summer of 2015. jade helm 15 was conducted over eight weeks, starting on july 15, 2015, and ending on september 15, 2015. the announcements of these training exercises raised concerns and led to speculative interpretations that were characterized by the new york times as ""traversing the outer edges of political paranoia""."	"the jade helm 15 conspiracy concerns were based on the eponymous united states military training exercise which took place in multiple u.s. states in the summer of 2015. jade helm 15 was conducted over eight weeks, starting on july 15, 2015, and ending on september 15, 2015. the announcements of these training exercises raised concerns and led to speculative interpretations that were characterized by the new york times as ""traversing the outer edges of political paranoia""."
later he would make christian school prayer mandatory for the 1930's german schoolchildren.	later he would make christian school prayer mandatory for 1930's german schoolchildren.
"protestors managed to build a defensible barricade in front of dunărea (""danube"") restaurant, which stood until after midnight, but was finally torn apart by repression forces."	"protestors managed to build a defensible barricade in front of dunărea (""danube"") restaurant, which stood until after midnight, but was finally torn apart by government forces."
this event inspired his 2005 novel until i find you and no doubt influences a widow for one year (later adapted into the excellent 2004 film, cleverly euphemized the door in the floor).	this event inspired his 2005 novel until i find you and no doubt influences a widow for one year (later adapted into the 2004 film, cleverly euphemized the door in the floor).
a picturesque village with a traditional cricket pitch, sarisbury green is also the home of holly hill country park.	a village with a traditional cricket pitch, sarisbury green is also the home of holly hill country park.
terry hicks has claimed that his son seemed unaware of the september 11 attacks when they spoke on a mobile phone a few days after the american bombing campaign in afghanistan began.	terry hicks has claimed that his son was unaware of the september 11 attacks when they spoke on a mobile phone a few days after the american bombing campaign in afghanistan began.
though by information of the revisionist encyclopedia of ukrainian cossackdom, which claims that most (or even all) high level starshynas were repressed or exciled.	though by information of the encyclopedia of ukrainian cossackdom, which claims that most (or even all) high level starshynas were repressed or exciled.
sojourner rover, mars pathfinder, landed successfully on july 4, 1997. communications were finally lost on september 27, 1997.	sojourner rover, mars pathfinder, landed successfully on july 4, 1997. communications were lost on september 27, 1997.
in a radio interview on april 12, 2007, bowman made this startling statement:	in a radio interview on april 12, 2007, bowman made this statement:
there has been some criticism of this policy on the basis that it can result in hydro paying significantly higher rates to private producers than it would have if the power were self-generated.	there has been some criticism of this policy on the basis that it will result in hydro paying significantly higher rates to private producers than it would have if the power were self-generated.
the 1972 summer olympics, officially known as the games of the xx olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in munich, west germany, from august 26 to september 10, 1972, the sporting nature of which was largely overshadowed by the munich massacre in which eleven israeli athletes and coaches, a west german police officer, and five rebels were killed.	the 1972 summer olympics, officially known as the games of the xx olympiad, was an international multi-sport event held in munich, west germany, from august 26 to september 10, 1972, the sporting nature of which was largely overshadowed by the munich massacre in which eleven israeli athletes and coaches, a west german police officer, and five black september militants were killed.
some terms used throughout the world for illegal immigrants are	some terms used throughout the world for illegal alien are
on the tv series boondocks,episode shinin' riley's archenemy butch magnus appears on maury where they send thier kids to boot camp.	on the tv series boondocks,episode shinin' riley's archenemy butch magnus appears on maury where they send their kids to boot camp.
when lviv was liberated in 1944 by the red army, the soviet secret police interned mandel as a suspected western spy.	when lviv was captured in 1944 by the red army, the soviet secret police interned mandel as a suspected western spy.
portloe is a beautiful small village in cornwall, england.	portloe is a small village in cornwall, england.
the naarderbos is a wonderful forest that was planted in 1980. it is a recreation park and some facilities such as golf and beaches are available.	the naarderbos is a forest that was planted in 1980. it is a recreation park and some facilities such as golf and beaches are available.
"he wrote several books against the ""technological society"", and some about christianity and politics, like anarchy and christianity (1991) explaining that anarchism and christianity are socially following the same goal."	"he wrote several books against the ""technological society"", and some about christianity and politics, like anarchy and christianity (1991) asserting that anarchism and christianity are socially following the same goal."
lax and tense vowels often merge before , making pairs like feel/fill and fail/fell homophones for speakers in some areas of the south.	lax and tense vowels often neutralize before , making pairs like feel/fill and fail/fell homophones for speakers in some areas of the south.
the original hosts of the show were janna dominguez, maey bautista, ramon bautista and sheena halili, but dominguez left the show for unknown reasons around october 2011, and was later substituted by comedienne boobay balbuena.	the original hosts of the show were janna dominguez, maey bautista, ramon bautista and sheena halili, but dominguez left the show for unknown reasons around october 2011, and was later substituted by comedian boobay balbuena.
oliver cromwell (25 april 1599 3 september 1658) was an english military and political leader best known for his involvement in making england, scotland and ireland into a republican commonwealth and for the brutal war exercised in his conquest of ireland.	oliver cromwell (25 april 1599 3 september 1658) was an english military and political leader best known for his involvement in making england, scotland and ireland into a republican commonwealth and for the war exercised in his conquest of ireland.
a cuban sandwich is a popular lunch item that grew out of the once-open flow of cigar workers between cuba and florida (specifically ybor city, tampa and key west) in the late 1800s it is a simple sandwich on lightly buttered cuban bread with sliced roast pork, thinly sliced serrano ham, swiss cheese, dill pickles, and yellow mustard.	a cuban sandwich is a popular lunch item that grew out of the once-open flow of cigar workers between cuba and florida (specifically ybor city, tampa and key west) in the late 1800s it is a sandwich on lightly buttered cuban bread with sliced roast pork, thinly sliced serrano ham, swiss cheese, dill pickles, and yellow mustard.
they also distinguish between & and (as did traditional typography), though some modern fonts mistakenly replace the ampersand with the tironian note ostensibly because both mean 'and'.	they also distinguish between & and (as did traditional typography), though some modern fonts replace the ampersand with the tironian note ostensibly because both mean 'and'.
his uncle was one of the founders of the united automobile workers labor union and participated in the famous flint sit-down strike.	his uncle was one of the founders of the united automobile workers labor union and participated in the flint sit-down strike.
in 2004 straczynski was approached by paramount studios to become a producer of the floundering star trek: enterprise series, however, he turned it down.	in 2004 straczynski was approached by paramount studios to become a producer of the star trek: enterprise series, however, he turned it down.
horribly outnumbered, the spaniards wanted to surrender, but ignatius persuaded them to fight on.	highly outnumbered, the spaniards wanted to surrender, but ignatius persuaded them to fight on.
pop singer sinead o'connor performed the song, adding a third (albeit political) verse, on acclaimed whistler and pipist, davy spillane's album, the sea of dreams.	pop singer sinead o'connor performed the song, adding a third (albeit political) verse, on whistler and pipist, davy spillane's album, the sea of dreams.
marriage licenses have also been the subject of controversy for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) community whose right to marry is often limited by state regulations.	marriage licenses have also been the subject of controversy for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) community whose ability to marry is often limited by state regulations.
he was later rushed to hospital, where he was in a stable condition after surgery to remove the bullets and he unfortunately survived.	he was later rushed to hospital, where he was in a stable condition after surgery to remove the bullets and he survived.
"as of december 21, 2007, ron paul was polling in third place in iowa, behind only huckabee and romney and tied with other ""top tier"" candidates."	"as of december 21, 2007, ron paul was polling in third place in iowa, behind huckabee and romney and tied with other ""top tier"" candidates."
though far ahead on points, golota suffered his first loss when bowe went to the floor in round seven after being hit with the last of several low blows throughout the fight.	though ahead on points, golota suffered his first loss when bowe went to the floor in round seven after being hit with the last of several low blows throughout the fight.
the mistranslation has fueled racists attacks from right wing groups in the united states.	the mistranslation has fueled attacks from right wing groups in the united states.
a simple bachelor's degree isn't sufficient qualification for a growing number of careers, either.	a bachelor's degree isn't sufficient qualification for a growing number of careers, either.
michael gray (born september 2, 1951) is a retired american actor, best known for his portrayal of billy batson in the 1970s tv series shazam!.	michael gray (born september 2, 1951) is a retired american actor, known for his portrayal of billy batson in the 1970s tv series shazam!.
claims that god caused nebuchadnezzar to destroy tyre because its residents gloated over the fall of jerusalem.	states that god caused nebuchadnezzar to destroy tyre because its residents gloated over the fall of jerusalem.
prometheus the greek mythological figure who gave mankind fire.	prometheus the greek mythological figure who gave humanity fire.
he is often credited with the first powered flight in history.	he is sometimes credited with the first powered flight in history.
according to the current alcohol laws of india, alcohol consumption is not permitted in the lakshadweep archipelago except on bangaram island.	according to the current alcohol laws of india, alcoholic beverage consumption is not permitted in the lakshadweep archipelago except on bangaram island.
millions died in the process.	many died in the process.
"blue-white-red, marianne, libert-galit-fraternit, the republic: these powerful national symbols represent france, as a state, and its values (as opposed to the ""gallic rooster"" or ""light comes from me"" representing france as a nation and its history, land and culture)."	"blue-white-red, marianne, libert-galit-fraternit, the republic: these national symbols represent france, as a state, and its values (as opposed to the ""gallic rooster"" or ""light comes from me"" representing france as a nation and its history, land and culture)."
as morrison admitted often during the sports segments of wnbc newscasts, he is also a fan of the boston red sox.	as morrison mentioned often during the sports segments of wnbc newscasts, he is also a fan of the boston red sox.
selita ebanks (born february 15, 1983) is a caymanian supermodel .	selita ebanks (born february 15, 1983) is a caymanian model .
carr was tragically murdered after only a year or so with the group and he was initially replaced by dickie hawdon.	carr was murdered after only a year or so with the group and he was initially replaced by dickie hawdon.
the team will be coached by bill stewart, who took over after he led the mountaineers to a 2008 fiesta bowl blowout victory over the #3 oklahoma sooners as the interim head coach after the departure of former head coach rich rodriguez.	the team will be coached by bill stewart, who took over after he led the mountaineers to a 2008 fiesta bowl victory over the #3 oklahoma sooners as the interim head coach after the departure of former head coach rich rodriguez.
the global consciousness project (gcp, also called the egg project) is a long-running science experiment maintained by an international collaboration of about 100 research scientists and engineers.	the global consciousness project (gcp, also called the egg project) is a long-running experiment maintained by an international collaboration of about 100 research scientists and engineers.
the exorcist is a 1973 american horror film directed by william friedkin, adapted from the 1971 novel of the same name by william peter blatty and based on the supposed exorcism case of robbie mannheim, dealing with the demonic possession of a young girl and her mothers desperate attempts to win back her daughter through an exorcism conducted by two priests.	the exorcist is a 1973 american horror film directed by william friedkin, adapted from the 1971 novel of the same name by william peter blatty and based on the exorcism case of robbie mannheim, dealing with the demonic possession of a young girl and her mothers desperate attempts to win back her daughter through an exorcism conducted by two priests.
lewis atterbury stimson (18441917) was an influential american surgeon who was the first to perform a public operation in the united states using joseph lister's antiseptic technique.	lewis atterbury stimson (18441917) was an american surgeon who was the first to perform a public operation in the united states using joseph lister's antiseptic technique.
another american author who deals with themes of nihilism is chuck palahniuk.	another american author who is commonly believed to deal with themes of nihilism is chuck palahniuk.
the howard league often courts controversy.	the howard league often attracts controversy.
he is best known for his role in about time, and in films such as pirates of the caribbean and in the loop and drama films such as enigma, pride & prejudice, gosford park, and hanna.	he is known for his role in about time, and in films such as pirates of the caribbean and in the loop and drama films such as enigma, pride & prejudice, gosford park, and hanna.
however he will be eligible for parole in the year 2015.	he will be eligible for parole in the year 2015.
simn trinidad (born july 30, 1950) is the alias of juvenal ovidio ricardo palmera pineda, a high-ranking member of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), and reputedly the first high-ranking member of that terrorist group to be captured.	simn trinidad (born july 30, 1950) is the alias of juvenal ovidio ricardo palmera pineda, a high-ranking member of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (farc), and reputedly the first high-ranking member of that guerrilla group to be captured.
richard ellis and john e. mccosker, both academic shark experts, devote a full chapter in their book, the great white shark (1991), to analysing various accounts of extreme size.	richard ellis and john e. mccosker, both academic shark experts, devote a full chapter in their book, the great white shark (1991), to analyzing various accounts of extreme size.
most of these complaints were in regards to the hdp's controversial campaigning tactics, which many critics accused were built on scaremongering and fear with involvement from the pkk terrorist organisation.	most of these complaints were in regards to the hdp's controversial campaigning tactics, which many critics accused were built on scaremongering and fear with involvement from the pkk organisation.
roark serves as the basic mold from which the protagonists of rand's other great novel, atlas shrugged, are cast.	roark serves as the basic mold from which the protagonists of rand's other novel, atlas shrugged, are cast.
another leading theory is that a leviathan is a water-dwelling dinosaur.	another theory is that a leviathan is a water-dwelling dinosaur.
his endorsement of this horrendous idea began in the mid-1930's, prior to nazi implementation of such practices.	his endorsement of this idea began in the mid-1930's, prior to nazi implementation of such practices.
"show that the united states was instrumental in organizing, funding, and equipping the coup which toppled the democratically elected government of guatemala in 1954. analysts kate doyle and peter kornbluh note that ""after a small insurgency developed in the wake of the coup, guatemala's military leaders developed and refined, with u.s. assistance, a massive counterinsurgency campaign that left tens of thousands massacred, maimed or missing."""	"show that the united states was instrumental in organizing, funding, and equipping the coup which toppled the democratically elected government of guatemala in 1954. analysts kate doyle and peter kornbluh argue that ""after a small insurgency developed in the wake of the coup, guatemala's military leaders developed and refined, with u.s. assistance, a massive counterinsurgency campaign that left tens of thousands massacred, maimed or missing."""
the lp is also notable for its striking die-cut cover.	the lp is also notable for its die-cut cover.
using a pseudonym, in 1532 he published his first book, titled pantagruel that would be the start of his enormously successful gargantua series.	using a pseudonym, in 1532 he published his first book, titled pantagruel that would be the start of his successful gargantua series.
for example, some academics estimate that the pentateuch was written somewhere between the 10th and the 6th century bce.	for example, academics estimate that the pentateuch was written somewhere between the 10th and the 6th century bce.
"pippen is a two-time inductee into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame (for his individual career, and as a member of the ""dream team""), being enshrined for both on august 13, 2010. his college, university of central arkansas, retired his number #33 as well."	"pippen is a two-time inductee into the naismith memorial basketball hall of fame (for his individual career, and as a member of the ""dream team""), being inducted for both on august 13, 2010. his college, university of central arkansas, retired his number #33 as well."
felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actress who is well known in the united kingdom for her television and stage work.	felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actor who is well known in the united kingdom for her television and stage work.
targeted killing is a modern euphemism for the assassination (premeditated killing) of an individual by a state organization or institution outside a judicial procedure or a battlefield.	targeted killing is a modern term for the assassination (premeditated killing) of an individual by a state organization or institution outside a judicial procedure or a battlefield.
representation of hadrian (as top) sodomising antinous (as bottom) in egypt	representation of hadrian (as top) penetrating antinous (as bottom) in egypt
"they were both tormented by an administrator intending to ""burst his bubble"""	"they were both told off by an administrator intending to ""burst his bubble"""
a bas relief depiction of overfeeding geese	a bas relief depiction of feeding geese
in the early morning of 10 december 1949, communist troops laid siege to chengdu, the last kmt occupied city in mainland china, where chiang kai-shek and his son chiang ching-kuo directed the defense at the chengdu central military academy.	in the early morning of 10 december 1949, communist troops laid siege to chengdu, the last kmt controlled city in mainland china, where chiang kai-shek and his son chiang ching-kuo directed the defense at the chengdu central military academy.
"commercial ""elimination"" claims of lightning are rightly greeted with a skeptical reception."	"commercial ""elimination"" claims of lightning are greeted with a skeptical reception."
the university was sadly destroyed during armed clashes on 1314 march 2011	the university was destroyed during armed clashes on 1314 march 2011
exact death toll of that day remains unknown, yet it is estimated that at least 20,000 civilians were murdered .	exact death toll of that day remains unknown, yet it is estimated that at least 20,000 civilians were killed .
the term british isles, while generally used in the united kingdom and elsewhere in the world, is often considered objectionable in the republic of ireland.	the term british isles, while generally used in the united kingdom and elsewhere in the world, is sometimes considered objectionable in the republic of ireland.
this article is about the capital city of the taiwan .	this article is about the capital city of the republic of china .
ashley ann olsen was an american woman living in florence, italy who was murdered in her apartment in 2016. an illegal migrant who arrived in italy from senegal during the 2015 european migrant crisis was arrested and charged with the murder.	ashley ann olsen was an american woman living in florence, italy who was murdered in her apartment in 2016. an undocumented migrant who arrived in italy from senegal during the 2015 european migrant crisis was arrested and charged with the murder.
kata detractors say that these kata are useless in a real fighting situation, failing to realize what the purpose of kata and bunkai is.	kata detractors say that these kata are useless in a real fighting situation, while proponents say they are fail to realize what the purpose of kata and bunkai is.
about thirty-five unarmed protestors occupied the park.	about thirty-five protestors occupied the park.
one fascinating aspect of this morphological variation is that a number of lakes contain both a limnetic and a benthic type, and these do not interbreed with each other.	one aspect of this morphological variation is that a number of lakes contain both a limnetic and a benthic type, and these do not interbreed with each other.
hattie hayridge (born 1959), british stand-up comedienne and actress	hattie hayridge (born 1959), british stand-up comedian and actress
the geographical region of macedonia, which spans portions of bulgaria and greece, and the republic of macedonia, has been inhabited by a variety of peoples, including greeks, ethnic slavic- macedonians, albanians, bulgarians, jews, turks, serbs, roma and vlachs.	the geographical region of macedonia, which spans portions of bulgaria and greece, and the republic of macedonia, has been inhabited by a variety of peoples, including greeks, ethnic macedonians, albanians, bulgarians, jews, turks, serbs, roma and vlachs.
later, at doralee's house, the women smoke pot, eat barbecue, and concoct hilarious revenge fantasies -- a rodeo hog-tie, a wild west shootout, and a gothic snow white scenario -- about killing their boss.	later, at doralee's house, the women smoke pot, eat barbecue, and concoct revenge fantasies -- a rodeo hog-tie, a wild west shootout, and a gothic snow white scenario -- about killing their boss.
commanded by jean dagnaux, they departed france on january 18, 1925, they arrived in colomb-bchar, algeria, on january 28. the expedition ended tragically on february 7 in niamey, niger when the jean casale crashed on take-off, killing its radio operator and seriously injuring its two pilots, including dagnaux.	commanded by jean dagnaux, they departed france on january 18, 1925, they arrived in colomb-bchar, algeria, on january 28. the expedition ended in disaster on february 7 in niamey, niger when the jean casale crashed on take-off, killing its radio operator and seriously injuring its two pilots, including dagnaux.
"abbott once proudly remarked that ""research is 90% marketing and 10% research."""	"abbott once remarked that ""research is 90% marketing and 10% research."""
the conservative anti-defamation league launched a campaign against robinson, considering it a case of academic misconduct, while california scholars for academic freedom consider it a case of academic freedom and the charges meritless.	the anti-defamation league launched a campaign against robinson, considering it a case of academic misconduct, while california scholars for academic freedom consider it a case of academic freedom and the charges meritless.
unfortunately the movie tanked.	however, the movie tanked.
scorsese announced his intention to shoot a film based on shusaku endos masterpiece novel, silence.	scorsese announced his intention to shoot a film based on shusaku endos novel, silence.
brent cockbain (ospreys and wales) — added 26 june for danny grewcock, who was banned for 2 months after allegedly biting the all blacks' keven mealamu during the first test.	brent cockbain (ospreys and wales) — added 26 june for danny grewcock, who was banned for 2 months after biting the all blacks' keven mealamu during the first test.
the play vividly portrays real and feigned madness from overwhelming grief to seething rage and explores themes of treachery, revenge, incest, and moral corruption.	the play portrays real and feigned madness from overwhelming grief to seething rage and explores themes of treachery, revenge, incest, and moral corruption.
"however, the americans for better immigration rated her overall voting record a ""d-"", on a scale in which a would be the most restrictive and the average congressman would get a c. on every area of immigration outside of border control and interior enforcement, clinton has supported exceptionally loose immigration policies-especially in the area of guest worker visas."	"however, the americans for better immigration rated her overall voting record a ""d-"", on a scale in which a would be the most restrictive and the average congressman would get a c. on every area of immigration outside of border control and interior enforcement, clinton has supported loose immigration policies-especially in the area of guest worker visas."
the soviet union was a single-party state ruled by the communist party from its foundation until 1990. a federal union of 15 subnational soviet republics, the soviet state was structured under a highly-centralized government and economy.	the soviet union was a single-party state ruled by the communist party from its foundation until 1990. a union of 15 subnational soviet republics, the soviet state was structured under a highly-centralized government and economy.
coleman has asserted that wallace had nothing to do with patterson's footage in 1967, and has argued in an analysis of the media treatment of the death of wallace that the international media inappropriately confused the wallace fake films of the 1970s with the patterson-gimlin 1967 film.	coleman has asserted that wallace had nothing to do with patterson's footage in 1967, and has argued in an analysis of the media treatment of the death of wallace that the international media inappropriately confused the wallace films of the 1970s with the patterson-gimlin 1967 film.
the best known cultural site and tourist attraction in washington heights is the cloisters in fort tryon park at the northern end of the neighborhood, with spectacular views across the hudson to the new jersey palisades.	the best known cultural site and tourist attraction in washington heights is the cloisters in fort tryon park at the northern end of the neighborhood, with views across the hudson to the new jersey palisades.
blatz played a heart-wrenching role in the independent feature film april showers.	blatz played a role in the independent feature film april showers.
while quite popular in its first term for pulling troops out of vietnam and for several worthy social reforms including the creation of the medicare system, the whitlam government's second term -- which began after the election of may 18, 1974 -- had been plagued by several financial scandals.	while quite popular in its first term for pulling troops out of vietnam and for several social reforms including the creation of the medicare system, the whitlam government's second term -- which began after the election of may 18, 1974 -- had been plagued by several financial scandals.
xhavit shyqyri demneri was an albanian football hero .	xhavit shyqyri demneri was an albanian football player .
shinji miyazaki kindly agreed to be interviewed for the j-pop exchange radio show.	shinji miyazaki agreed to be interviewed for the j-pop exchange radio show.
lavell maurice crawford (born november 11, 1968) is an american stand-up comedian and actor from st. louis, missouri and is mainly known for playing huell in breaking bad.	lavell maurice crawford (born november 11, 1968) is an american stand-up comedian and actor from st. louis, missouri and is known for playing huell in breaking bad.
film critic and historian leonard maltin christened it howard the paperboy.	film critic and historian leonard maltin called it howard the paperboy.
january 23 - rachel crow, american actress/singer and comedienne	january 23 - rachel crow, american actress/singer and comedian
in 1983, anderson also played the title role in a forgettable made-for-tv film called policewoman centerfold, in which her character, a divorced police officer, is fired after posing nude for a men's magazine (based loosely on the true story of springfield, ohio patrolwoman barbara schantz, who was subsequently fired from her job after posing nude in playboy in the early 80s).	in 1983, anderson also played the title role in a made-for-tv film called policewoman centerfold, in which her character, a divorced police officer, is fired after posing nude for a men's magazine (based loosely on the true story of springfield, ohio patrolwoman barbara schantz, who was subsequently fired from her job after posing nude in playboy in the early 80s).
steffans visits college campuses on speaking engagements to speak to young women about the little-known dangers of the entertainment industry.	steffans visits college campuses on speaking engagements to speak to young women about the dangers of the entertainment industry.
now, in 2006 it has well in excess of 2000 pupils and is inevitably a significant part of the local community.	now, in 2006 it has well in excess of 2000 pupils and is inevitably a part of the local community.
more recent western scholars such as sprenger, noldeke, weil, sir william muir, koelle, grimme and margoliouth give a more unbiased estimate of mohammed's life and character and generally agree as to his motives, prophetic call, personal qualifications and sincerity.	more recent western scholars such as sprenger, noldeke, weil, sir william muir, koelle, grimme and margoliouth give a more positive estimate of mohammed's life and character and generally agree as to his motives, prophetic call, personal qualifications and sincerity.
the goal of rock crawling is to overcome the largest, most difficult obstacles using any four wheeled vehicle(usually a jeep wrangler ).	the goal of rock crawling is to overcome the largest, most difficult obstacles using any four wheeled vehicle(usually a jeep).
the final three episodes of this series were affected by the infamous itv colour strike, which affected all itv programmes recorded between november 1970 and march 1971. as a result of this industrial action, these affected episodes were recorded and transmitted in black and white.	the final three episodes of this series were affected by the itv colour strike, which affected all itv programmes recorded between november 1970 and march 1971. as a result of this industrial action, these affected episodes were recorded and transmitted in black and white.
at the age of 14, he left his family home and went to live in so paulo, where he worked as a dj in the legendary night club rose bom bom.	at the age of 14, he left his family home and went to live in so paulo, where he worked as a dj in the night club rose bom bom.
"the 77-year-old democrat pleads eight hours non-stop for a vote to protect ""dreamer"" immigrants who illegally immigrated and face the threat of deportation."	"the 77-year-old democrat spoke for eight hours non-stop for a vote to protect ""dreamer"" immigrants who illegally immigrated and face the threat of deportation."
zoology (pronounced , though the nonstandard pronunciation is also common, occasionally also spelled zology), is the branch of biology that relates to the animal kingdom, including the structure, embryology, evolution, classification, habits, and distribution of all animals, both living and extinct.	zoology (pronounced , though the pronunciation is also common, occasionally also spelled zology), is the branch of biology that relates to the animal kingdom, including the structure, embryology, evolution, classification, habits, and distribution of all animals, both living and extinct.
sipra are one of the most educated and very well established families among other jat casts, they are very well known as an united family all over pakistan.	sipra are one of the most educated and well established families among other jat casts, they are very well known as an united family all over pakistan.
as the time cover illustrated shows, he was for many years thought to be khrushchev's likely successor as the dominant figure in the soviet regime .	as the time cover illustrated shows, he was for many years thought to be khrushchev's likely successor as the dominant figure in the soviet hierarchy of power .
examples include $101 million in equipment which was used for only nine schools in puerto rico, a $73 million network in atlanta which never went through a bidding process, and a $21 million settlement from the nec for fraud and price rigging.	examples include $101 million in equipment which was used for nine schools in puerto rico, a $73 million network in atlanta which never went through a bidding process, and a $21 million settlement from the nec for fraud and price rigging.
the tilting gateshead millennium bridge spanning the river tyne between gateshead on the south bank and newcastle upon tyne on the north (see image below ), is a pedestrian bridge with two huge hydraulic rams at each side that tilt the structure back allowing small boats, etc.	the tilting gateshead millennium bridge spanning the river tyne between gateshead on the south bank and newcastle upon tyne on the north (see image on the right ), is a pedestrian bridge with two huge hydraulic rams at each side that tilt the structure back allowing small boats, etc.
he created a controversy when he groundlessly speculated that troy aikman might be gay.	he created a controversy when he speculated that troy aikman might be gay.
the tortoise and the hare (also known mistakenly as the hare and the tortoise) is a fable attributed to aesop and is number 226 in the perry index.	the tortoise and the hare (also known as the hare and the tortoise) is a fable attributed to aesop and is number 226 in the perry index.
when he died at the astounding age of 112 years 136 days, cole had staked his claim as being the oldest known artist ever.	when he died at the age of 112 years 136 days, cole had staked his claim as being the oldest known artist ever.
as of 2010, he had spent more than a third of his life in jail for victimless transit-related offences.	as of 2010, he had spent more than a third of his life in jail for transit-related offences.
as a publicist he focuses primarily on the middle eastern conflict on which he takes a radical liberal perspective favoring the two-state solution.	as a publicist he focuses primarily on the middle eastern conflict on which he takes a liberal perspective favoring the two-state solution.
the junkers ju 87 or stuka was the best known sturzkampfflugzeug in world war ii, instantly recognisable by its inverted gull wings, fixed undercarriage and infamous wailing siren (though these were only fitted to a few aircraft, the extra drag being unwelcome on an already obsolete aircraft).	the junkers ju 87 or stuka was the best known sturzkampfflugzeug in world war ii, instantly recognisable by its inverted gull wings, fixed undercarriage and infamous wailing siren (though these were only fitted to a few aircraft, the extra drag being unwelcome on an already sluggish aircraft).
the reagan presidency began in a historic manner: just 30 minutes into his inaugural address, 52 american hostages, held by iran for 444 days were set free.	the reagan presidency began in a dramatic manner: just 30 minutes into his inaugural address, 52 american hostages, held by iran for 444 days were set free.
marion f. leighton of chicago, illinois, was an important amateur tennis player in the first quarter of the 20th century.	marion f. leighton of chicago, illinois, was an amateur tennis player in the first quarter of the 20th century.
conservatives have used the center's connections to soros in efforts to discredit its journalism	critics have used the center's connections to soros in efforts to discredit its journalism
in eastern and northern parts of the country, christians comprise a crushing majority, in some towns and villages almost 100%.	in eastern and northern parts of the country, christians comprise a majority, in some towns and villages almost 100%.
dow's subsidiary union carbide denies these allegations on its misleading website dedicated to the tragedy.	dow's subsidiary union carbide denies these allegations on its website dedicated to the tragedy.
betar members played vital roles in the fight against the british during the mandate, and in the creation of israel.	betar members played important roles in the fight against the british during the mandate, and in the creation of israel.
"these points are entirely in line with main stream investigations, including the bipartisan u.s. congressional report ""a failure of initiative"" and the army corps of engineers own studies."	"these points are in line with main stream investigations, including the bipartisan u.s. congressional report ""a failure of initiative"" and the army corps of engineers own studies."
bromsgrove standard the local bromsgrove weekly newspaper	bromsgrove standard local bromsgrove weekly newspaper
like fuuma le-ar (great emperor kubilai) before him, kuuma le-ar also has a transvestite grandson named ida (a role that a famous filipino gay comedian wanted to play) who is rejuvenated by drinking a concoction made from the blood of young women.	like fuuma le-ar (great emperor kubilai) before him, kuuma le-ar also has a transvestite grandson named ida (a role that a filipino gay comedian wanted to play) who is rejuvenated by drinking a concoction made from the blood of young women.
militant atheism is a term applied to atheism by its critics in which it is suggested that it is militantly hostile towards religion.	militant atheism is a term applied to atheism by critics in which it is suggested that it is militantly hostile towards religion.
the white hall community offers breathtaking views of green spring and frog hollow in the foothills of the north mountain to the west, as well as views of the greater shenandoah valley to the east.	the white hall community offers scenic views of green spring and frog hollow in the foothills of the north mountain to the west, as well as views of the greater shenandoah valley to the east.
he engaged in agricultural pursuits, including running a mill in community that was for a time named after him, and stock raising, and was elected judge of the provisional government of oregon in 1845. he was captain in 1848 and 1853 of hostile expeditions against native americans, and was united states marshal for oregon from 1853 to 1855. he was superintendent of indian affairs for oregon and washington territories from 1857 to 1859.	he engaged in agricultural pursuits, including running a mill in community that was for a time named after him, and stock raising, and was elected judge of the provisional government of oregon in 1845. he was captain in 1848 and 1853 of expeditions against native americans, and was united states marshal for oregon from 1853 to 1855. he was superintendent of indian affairs for oregon and washington territories from 1857 to 1859.
alexander yakovlev (un procurement) - disgraced united nations officer.	alexander yakovlev (un procurement) - ex united nations officer.
these groups are characterized by an emphasis on basing doctrine and practice on the bible alone in order to restore the new testament church they believe to have been established by christ .	these groups are characterized by an emphasis on basing doctrine and practice on the bible alone in order to restore the new testament church they believe to have been established by jesus .
geoffrey palmer, obe (4 june, 1927 in london) is a distinguished british actor, noted mostly for his extensive career in situation comedies.	geoffrey palmer, obe (4 june, 1927 in london) is a british actor, noted mostly for his extensive career in situation comedies.
hattie williams (march 17, 1870 - august 17, 1942) was an american stage actress, comedienne and vocalist from boston.	hattie williams (march 17, 1870 - august 17, 1942) was an american stage actress, comedian and vocalist from boston.
local developments during eriguel's term	local events during eriguel's term
gamereplays.org coh portal great replay/news/discussion source	gamereplays.org coh portal replay/news/discussion source
giuseppe sergi's influential book the mediterranean race (1901) argued that the mediterranean race had in fact originated in africa, and that it also included a number of dark-skinned african peoples, such as ethiopians.	giuseppe sergi's controversial book the mediterranean race (1901) argued that the mediterranean race had in fact originated in africa, and that it also included a number of dark-skinned african peoples, such as ethiopians.
the same order authorized the implementation of so-called standard madrasah curriculum (smc) in the private madaris (arabic for schools, the singular form is madrasah).	the same order authorized the implementation of the standard madrasah curriculum (smc) in the private madaris (arabic for schools, the singular form is madrasah).
bowers is portrayed by voice actress and comedienne deven green, appearing both in photographs and numerous satirical videos.	bowers is portrayed by voice actress and comedian deven green, appearing both in photographs and numerous satirical videos.
a carbon sink is a natural or manmade reservoir that accumulates and stores some carbon-containing chemical compound for an indefinite period.	a carbon sink is a natural or artificial reservoir that accumulates and stores some carbon-containing chemical compound for an indefinite period.
signal - intriguing radio signal suspected of being of alien origin	signal - radio signal suspected of being of alien origin
in the recent european tournament in madrid, she was the gold medallist in the 10-meter platform event and won a bronze medal for her performance in the 3-meter springboard event .	in the recent european tournament in madrid, she was the gold medallist in the 10-meter platform event and won a bronze medal for her performance in the 3-meter springboard competition .
bavetta was one of three referees for the notorious game 6 of the 2002 western conference finals between sacramento kings and the los angeles lakers.	bavetta was one of three referees for the game 6 of the 2002 western conference finals between sacramento kings and the los angeles lakers.
indifference from other arab countries and betrayal at the hands of the british ultimately led khaz'al help many of them like kuwait to gain international recognition of their sheikhdom and to gather support for the separation of his territory from him.	indifference from other arab countries and reluctancy at the hands of the british ultimately led khaz'al help many of them like kuwait to gain international recognition of their sheikhdom and to gather support for the separation of his territory from him.
details of this heinous incident came to light upon ansar burneys intervention in the matter, who visited macedonia to seek arrest of boskovski (who fled the country), compensation for the families and to return the bodies of the victims to their homes.	details of this incident came to light upon ansar burneys intervention in the matter, who visited macedonia to seek arrest of boskovski (who fled the country), compensation for the families and to return the bodies of the victims to their homes.
beta 1 (build 2296, with a build tag of 2296.beta1.001024-1157) was released on october 31, 2000. in this build, the start panel has been replaced by a new simple start menu, an mmc-based taskpad that makes it easier to find frequently-accessed applications.	beta 1 (build 2296, with a build tag of 2296.beta1.001024-1157) was released on october 31, 2000. in this build, the start panel has been replaced by a new simple start menu, an mmc-based taskpad that is intended to make it easier to find frequently-accessed applications.
the new york times is an american daily newspaper published in new york city and distributed internationally.	the new york times is a liberal american daily newspaper published in new york city and distributed internationally.
mckennitt is known for her refined, clear soprano|dramatic soprano vocals.	mckennitt is known for her refined, clear soprano vocals.
greek muslims make up about 1.3% of the population, and live primarily in thrace.	muslims make up about 1.3% of the population, and live primarily in thrace.
contained in the collection are many famous artifacts of psychology.	contained in the collection are many well-known artifacts of psychology.
however in 1993, after much deliberation and discussion with his father (a vicar), he changed his mind, conveniently deciding that god gave him his talent in order for him to compete in the 1993 world championships.	however in 1993, after much deliberation and discussion with his father (a vicar), he changed his mind, deciding that god gave him his talent in order for him to compete in the 1993 world championships.
the ship is named in honour of rachel corrie, a former member of the international solidarity movement.	the ship is named in honour of rachel corrie, a deceased member of the international solidarity movement.
this protects them from corrosion and gives a pleasing appearance.	this protects them from corrosion and gives a uniform appearance.
in the critique of the gotha programme, while disproving lassalle's ideas, marx elaborates on the theory.	in the critique of the gotha programme, while criticizing lassalle's ideas, marx elaborates on the theory.
ready for hillary, founded by enthusiastic clinton supporters in january 2013, raised more than $5.75 million for the presumptive candidate and paid clinton to rent the email list from her unsuccessful 2008 campaign.	ready for hillary, founded by clinton supporters in january 2013, raised more than $5.75 million for the presumptive candidate and paid clinton to rent the email list from her unsuccessful 2008 campaign.
discrete track electrodynamic maglev modelling this article has an excellent overview of the history and current status of magnetic levitation	discrete track electrodynamic maglev modelling this article has an overview of the history and current status of magnetic levitation
he has gained notoriety for his right-libertarian positions on many political issues, often clashing with both republican and democratic party leaders.	he has gained prominence for his right-libertarian positions on many political issues, often clashing with both republican and democratic party leaders.
the physical characteristics of sound which are used in the determination of timbre are spectrum and envelope, but psychoacoustics also plays an important and poorly understood part.	the physical characteristics of sound which are used in the determination of timbre are spectrum and envelope, but psychoacoustics also plays an important and little- understood part.
however, many philosophers insist that the deeper metaphysical questions, as raised by zeno's paradoxes, are not addressed by the calculus.	however, some philosophers insist that the deeper metaphysical questions, as raised by zeno's paradoxes, are not addressed by the calculus.
special cases are the arabs of east jerusalem and the golan heights, conquered by israel in the six days war of 1967. the residents of east jerusalam became permanent residents of israel shortly after the war, when israel reunified jerusalem.	special cases are the arabs of east jerusalem and the golan heights, conquered by israel in the six days war of 1967. the residents of east jerusalam became permanent residents of israel shortly after the war, when israel captured jerusalem.
yvette nicole brown (born august 12, 1971) is an american actress and comedienne .	yvette nicole brown (born august 12, 1971) is an american actress and comedian .
poole is also a composer of music for documentary and short films, , including the award-winning evol.	poole is also a composer of music for documentary and short films, , including the short film evol.
these listeners (mostly women) are religious, usually elderly people of traditionalist, politically often right-wing views, blindly adhering to the radio's charismatic director father tadeusz rydzyk.	these listeners (mostly women) are religious, usually elderly people of traditionalist, politically often right-wing views, adhering to the radio's charismatic director father tadeusz rydzyk.
the film is distinctively scored by quincy jones.	the film is scored by quincy jones.
the nordic countries are unusually punctual, with meetings, events, and public transport usually happening on time.	the nordic countries are very punctual, with meetings, events, and public transport usually happening on time.
rachel brice is a contemporary innovator in tribal fusion style belly dance based in portland, oregon.	rachel brice is a contemporary performer in tribal fusion style belly dance based in portland, oregon.
"while the hierarchy of the roman catholic church makes no distinction between churches, some charismatic parishes may practice ""worship outside of mass,"" including prayer meetings featuring alleged prophecy, faith healing and glossolalia."	"while the hierarchy of the roman catholic church makes no distinction between churches, some charismatic parishes may practice ""worship outside of mass,"" including prayer meetings featuring apparent prophecy, faith healing and glossolalia."
the 762-page book also included at least a dozen photographs depicting the child engaged in sexual play with his governesses, particularly sara kelley (also known as sara davidito or prisca kelley).	the 762-page book also included at least a dozen photographs depicting the child engaged in sexual activity with his governesses, particularly sara kelley (also known as sara davidito or prisca kelley).
ratings, unfortunately , were still low during the first year daly and gless starred on the series together.	ratings, however , were still low during the first year daly and gless starred on the series together.
she was killed on august 27, 1979, aged 83 on donegal bay, county sligo, ireland along with lord mountbatten, the hon.	she was murdered on august 27, 1979, aged 83 on donegal bay, county sligo, ireland along with lord mountbatten, the hon.
in paul darrow's canonical lucifer series, orac is later retrieved by avon and used to find ways to stay alive and find ways to fight the quartet.	in paul darrow's lucifer series, orac is later retrieved by avon and used to find ways to stay alive and find ways to fight the quartet.
old hill is home of the famous old hill cricket club.	old hill is home of the old hill cricket club.
building superintendents often get discounts in their rent, free rent, or free rent plus a small salary in exchange for their services.	building superintendents often get discounts in their rent, free rent, or free rent plus a salary in exchange for their services.
she has been the recipient of numerous other awards and has been awarded fifteen honorary degrees from universities and colleges across the country in recognition of her renowned work as a jurist.	she has been the recipient of numerous other awards and has been awarded fifteen honorary degrees from universities and colleges across the country in recognition of her work as a jurist.
without such a mechanism, the site would not know whether to send a page containing sensitive information, or require the user to authenticate himself/herself by logging in.	without such a mechanism, the site would not know whether to send a page containing sensitive information, or require the user to authenticate themselves by logging in.
reaction on the liberal anti-war blog daily kos	reaction on the liberal blog daily kos
during the balkan wars lasting from 1912 to 1913, the kingdom of serbia tripled its territory by reacquiring part of macedonia, kosovo, and parts of serbia proper.	during the balkan wars lasting from 1912 to 1913, the kingdom of serbia tripled its territory by acquiring part of macedonia, kosovo, and parts of serbia proper.
as with borg mode (see below), hitting the left orbit spinner builds the shields back up, thus reincreasing the jackpot amount.	as with borg multiball (see below), hitting the left orbit spinner builds the shields back up, thus reincreasing the jackpot amount.
some copy-protection schemes, while they do serve the purpose of attempting to prevent piracy , also behave similarly to spyware programs.	some copy-protection schemes, while they do serve the purpose of attempting to prevent unauthorized copying , also behave similarly to spyware programs.
manufactured by the innovative kel-tec cnc industries company of cocoa, fl founded in 1991, the p11 receiver is an aluminum frame surrounded by a polymer grip housing held to the frame by polymer pins.	manufactured by the kel-tec cnc industries company of cocoa, fl founded in 1991, the p11 receiver is an aluminum frame surrounded by a polymer grip housing held to the frame by polymer pins.
in the 1993 world championship, fowler played two-time world champion stephen hendry but unfortunately lost 10-1. he was, however, the only player at the event to win a with a (specifically, a 102).	in the 1993 world championship, fowler played two-time world champion stephen hendry but lost 10-1. he was, however, the only player at the event to win a with a (specifically, a 102).
he worked once more with cyril ramaphosa, who was chairman of the constitutional assembly.	he worked once more with cyril ramaphosa, who was chairperson of the constitutional assembly.
the u.s. army, using regulars and large numbers of volunteers, easily won the mexican-american war (184648).	the u.s. army, using regulars and large numbers of volunteers, won the mexican-american war (184648).
in november 2009, hackers gained access to a server used by the cru and stole a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents.	in november 2009, hackers gained access to a server used by the cru and obtained a large quantity of data, anonymously posting online more than 1,000 emails and more than 2,000 other documents.
persian jews (sometimes also called iranian jews) are persian -speaking jewish communities living throughout the former greatest extents of the persian empire.	persian jews (sometimes also called iranian jews) are persian members of jewish communities living throughout the former greatest extents of the persian empire.
"the reception to the book has been overwhelmingly positive with the guardian calling it ""one of the nest novels i've read in years."""	"the reception to the book has been positive with the guardian calling it ""one of the nest novels i've read in years."""
refugees in hungary near the serbian border, 24 august 2015	asylum seekers in hungary near the serbian border, 24 august 2015
according to the pew research center's 2012 global study of 230 countries and territories, only 16% of the world's population is not affiliated with a religion, while 84% are affiliated.	according to the pew research center's 2012 global study of 230 countries and territories, 16% of the world's population is not affiliated with a religion, while 84% are affiliated.
manulis was born in los angeles, california, to actress katherine bard manulis and martin manulis, a film, television, and theater producer best known as the creator of the television program, playhouse 90. he attended harvard college after his preparatory school education at the prestigious harvard school, in north hollywood, california.	manulis was born in los angeles, california, to actress katherine bard manulis and martin manulis, a film, television, and theater producer best known as the creator of the television program, playhouse 90. he attended harvard college after his preparatory school education at the harvard school, in north hollywood, california.
"he had complained that: ""there is a strong sense that the church is like a ship without a rudder."""	"he had said that: ""there is a strong sense that the church is like a ship without a rudder."""
in 2002, maradona said he could not have scored such a beautiful goal if it had not been against the honest english team, who did not knock him down as most defenses used to do.	in 2002, maradona said he could not have scored such a beautiful goal if it had not been against the english team, who did not knock him down as most defenses used to do.
while the dish is very popular in the united states, it is most often found as a variation of general tso's chicken rather than the authentic dish found in mainland china.	while the dish is very popular in the united states, it is most often found as a variation of general tso's chicken rather than the dish found in mainland china.
haf also presented a brief outline of the recorded history of yoga, which disproved her arguments.	haf also presented a brief outline of the recorded history of yoga, which aimed to disprove her arguments.
cindy sheehan (born circa 1957) is an american peace activist and who attracted international attention in august 2005 for her extended vigil outside president george w. bush's texas ranch.	cindy sheehan (born circa 1957) is an american activist and who attracted international attention in august 2005 for her extended vigil outside president george w. bush's texas ranch.
3 october 1945 in leicester) is a famous british choreographer and performer.	3 october 1945 in leicester) is a british choreographer and performer.
in recent years, ashwood nurseries (of kingswinford in the english midlands), already well known for its ashwood garden hybrids (h. hybridus singles, semi-doubles, doubles and anemone-centres), has created interesting hybrids between h. niger and h. thibetanus (called h. 'pink ice'), and between h. niger and h. vesicarius (called h. 'briar rose').	in recent years, ashwood nurseries (of kingswinford in the english midlands), already well known for its ashwood garden hybrids (h. hybridus singles, semi-doubles, doubles and anemone-centres), has created hybrids between h. niger and h. thibetanus (called h. 'pink ice'), and between h. niger and h. vesicarius (called h. 'briar rose').
an outstanding book about stradivari's method for the design of his violins	an book about stradivari's method for the design of his violins
hkon austb celebrates 40 years behind the piano on the excellent site of the music information centre (mic) norway	hkon austb celebrates 40 years behind the piano on the site of the music information centre (mic) norway
in july 2007, palacio was linked with a move to the london club arsenal in a deal worth 15 million pounds, with reports emerging that he had left for london to attend a medical with the premiership club.	in july 2007, palacio was linked with a move to the london club arsenal in a deal worth 15 million pounds, with reports claiming that he had left for london to attend a medical with the premiership club.
mackenzie's work has been contextualized alongside visual artist nancy spero in jo anna isaak's seminal book; feminism and contemporary art: the revolutionary power of womens laughter.	mackenzie's work has been contextualized alongside visual artist nancy spero in jo anna isaak's book; feminism and contemporary art: the revolutionary power of womens laughter.
mercer held the position of shadow minister for homeland security from june 2003 until march 2007, when he was forced to resign following supposedly racially contentious comments made to the times.	mercer held the position of shadow minister for homeland security from june 2003 until march 2007, when he was forced to resign following racially contentious comments made to the times.
polk county is a county located in the u.s. state of tennessee.	polk county is a county located in the state of tennessee.
"dr. josef mengele, one of the most infamous nazis, was known as the ""angel of death"" by the inmates of auschwitz, for his experiments."	"dr. josef mengele, one of the most widely known nazis, was known as the ""angel of death"" by the inmates of auschwitz, for his experiments."
the group correctly states that jews exert a negative influence at nearly every level of american society, and condemns what they describe as jewish control and influence over and ownership of the entertainment and mass media in america.	the group states that jews exert a negative influence at nearly every level of american society, and condemns what they describe as jewish control and influence over and ownership of the entertainment and mass media in america.
oddly , not all of these film-recorded episodes exist, which ought to be the case given the film library's remit.	however , not all of these film-recorded episodes exist, which ought to be the case given the film library's remit.
the documentary incorrectly presents a rebuttal to the official version of events during the september 11, 2001 attacks and the 9/11 commission report.	the documentary presents a rebuttal to the official version of events during the september 11, 2001 attacks and the 9/11 commission report.
dorothy became famous in this long series of griffith-supervised films for the triangle-fine arts and paramount companies from 1918 through 1920, comedies that put her in the front ranks of film comediennes .	dorothy became famous in this long series of griffith-supervised films for the triangle-fine arts and paramount companies from 1918 through 1920, comedies that put her in the front ranks of film comedians .
attacks by keith olbermann	criticism by keith olbermann
germany has been the home of many influential scientists and inventors, and is known for its rich cultural and political history.	germany has been the home of many influential scientists and inventors, and is known for its cultural and political history.
he fought against greek settlers and macedonia, a powerful greek kingdom to the southeast.	he fought against greek settlers and macedonia, a powerful kingdom to the southeast.
physical attractiveness is the bigoted perception of an individual as physically beautiful by other people.	physical attractiveness is the perception of an individual as physically beautiful by other people.
adelman is a member of the pentagon's defense policy board well-known for his involvement in conservative policy efforts dating back to the 1970s, when he was a member of the neoconservative committee on the present danger.	adelman is a member of the pentagon's defense policy board well-known for his involvement in conservative policy efforts dating back to the 1970s, when he was a member of the committee on the present danger.
dansk folkeparti (the danish people's party), a reactionary nationalistic political party, has long criticized dr's news for being unfavourable to them, attributing this partly to the political nature of appointments to the dr board of directors.	dansk folkeparti (the danish people's party), a nationalistic political party, has long criticized dr's news for being unfavourable to them, attributing this partly to the political nature of appointments to the dr board of directors.
"the track ""kalimba"" was famously used as one of the sample songs that came with every computer running the windows 7 operating system."	"the track ""kalimba"" was used as one of the sample songs that came with every computer running the windows 7 operating system."
garrett's other works include ia/recon , an influential essay on the evolution of the information architecture field, and the nine pillars of successful web teams , a conceptual model similar to elements for team structures and processes.	garrett's other works include ia/recon , an essay on the evolution of the information architecture field, and the nine pillars of successful web teams , a conceptual model similar to elements for team structures and processes.
14 december - miranda hart, comedienne	14 december - miranda hart, comedian
due to its location, puerto rico enjoys a tropical climate and is subject to hot weather all-year-round.	due to its location, puerto rico has a tropical climate and is subject to hot weather all-year-round.
when these groups tried to donate anti-gay books to libraries, the books were rejected.	when these groups tried to donate such books to libraries, the books were rejected.
in 1969, hans-adam graduated from the prestigious university of st. gallen with a degree in business and economic studies.	in 1969, hans-adam graduated from the university of st. gallen with a degree in business and economic studies.
"hitler began the dictation of the book while imprisoned for what he considered to be ""political crimes"" after his failed putsch in munich in november 1923. though hitler received many visitors earlier on, he soon devoted himself entirely to the book."	"hitler began the writing of the book while imprisoned for what he considered to be ""political crimes"" after his failed putsch in munich in november 1923. though hitler received many visitors earlier on, he soon devoted himself entirely to the book."
reports show that, under arpaio, the mcso may be improperly clearing as many as 75% of cases without arrest or proper investigation.	reports claim that, under arpaio, the mcso may be improperly clearing as many as 75% of cases without arrest or proper investigation.
the two would marry not long after the release of this album and burnett would go on to produce many more albums for the singer.	the two would marry not long after the release of this album and burnett would go on to produce more albums for the singer.
ireland , also known as the republic of ireland , is a sovereign state in north-western europe occupying about five-sixths of the island of ireland.	ireland , also described as the republic of ireland , is a sovereign state in north-western europe occupying about five-sixths of the island of ireland.
after his passing , his rabbinical position was filled by his eldest son, rabbi yom-tov lipman rakow.	after his death , his rabbinical position was filled by his eldest son, rabbi yom-tov lipman rakow.
at the end of the loch a road runs past the benmore botanic garden and arboretum (also known as the younger botanic gardens) to scenic loch eck and on towards inveraray.	at the end of the loch a road runs past the benmore botanic garden and arboretum (also known as the younger botanic gardens) to loch eck and on towards inveraray.
it follows the lives of reuven malter as he learns to become a rabbi, and of daniel (danny) sunders as he tries to establish himself as a psychologist.	it follows the lives of reuven malter as he learns to become a rabbi, and of daniel (danny) saunders as he tries to establish himself as a psychologist.
"they are administered as a largely self-governing overseas territory of the united kingdom, but argentina, which rightfully claims the islands, considers them part of the province of ""tierra del fuego, antrtida e islas del atlntico sur""."	"they are administered as a largely self-governing overseas territory of the united kingdom, but argentina, which claims the islands, considers them part of the province of ""tierra del fuego, antrtida e islas del atlntico sur""."
they moved on to the state semi-finals but unfortunately lost to reservoir.	they moved on to the state semi-finals but lost to reservoir.
duncan and baxter also helped redesign the memorable penguins from the first film.	duncan and baxter also helped redesign the penguins from the first film.
unfortunately it also caused one of the few cancellations of grands prix in the sport's history, when the new all-weather track surface broke up badly during practice.	it also caused one of the few cancellations of grands prix in the sport's history, when the new all-weather track surface broke up badly during practice.
"d'souza proposed marriage to his future wife mariam despite her being from one of the ""adivasis"", a criminal tribal group."	"d'souza proposed marriage to his future wife mariam despite her being from one of the ""adivasis"", a tribal group."
the western-most part of vardar macedonia was occupied by the fascist kingdom of italy with the remainder being ceded to axis-allied bulgaria by nazi germany.	the western-most part of vardar macedonia was occupied by the fascist kingdom of italy with the remainder being ceded to bulgaria by nazi germany.
stephen white's excellent computer history site (the above article is a modified version of his work, used with permission)	stephen white's computer history site (the above article is a modified version of his work, used with permission)
the play was immensely popular in the 19th century.	the play was highly popular in the 19th century.
"during the 1997 asian financial crisis, krugman advocated radical currency controls as a way to mitigate the crisis, saying ""never in the course of economic events- not even in the early years of the great depression- has so large a part of the world economy experienced so devastating a fall from grace."""	"during the 1997 asian financial crisis, krugman advocated currency controls as a way to mitigate the crisis, saying ""never in the course of economic events- not even in the early years of the great depression- has so large a part of the world economy experienced so devastating a fall from grace."""
he has one beloved older sister, jennifer campbell.	he has one older sister, jennifer campbell.
achappa and his troop are captured by the chinese aggressors and tortured.	achappa and his troop are captured by the chinese and tortured.
"pbs has referred to thomas as the leading conservative in america and claims that his ""decisions frequently disagree with those of the court majority."""	"pbs has referred to thomas as the leading conservative in america and says that his ""decisions frequently disagree with those of the court majority."""
it is believed by most evolutionist scientists that humans evolved into their present form during the pleistocene.	it is believed by most scientists that humans evolved into their present form during the pleistocene.
he inspired the jewish community of los angeles on lag ba'omer in 2006 during his recent trip to america.	he joined the jewish community of los angeles on lag ba'omer in 2006 during his recent trip to america.
the george washington university (gw, gwu, or george washington) is a private, coeducational, top-tier university located in washington, d.c. the school was chartered on february 9, 1821 as the columbian college in the district of columbia by an act of congress and since that time has developed into a nonsectarian research institution and the largest university in the nation's capital.	the george washington university (gw, gwu, or george washington) is a private, coeducational, university located in washington, d.c. the school was chartered on february 9, 1821 as the columbian college in the district of columbia by an act of congress and since that time has developed into a nonsectarian research institution and the largest university in the nation's capital.
the association of british counties (abc) is a non-party-political outsider pressure group that promotes what they assert to be the traditional counties of the united kingdom.	the association of british counties (abc) is a non-party-political pressure group that promotes what they assert to be the traditional counties of the united kingdom.
chapman gave birth to the couple's first child, daughter india pearl, on 30 august 2010. on 11 april 2013, they welcomed a son, dashiell max robert.	chapman gave birth to the couple's first child, daughter india pearl, on 30 august 2010. on 11 april 2013, they had a son, dashiell max robert.
in 2004 dr. geier and his son published a paper in medical hypotheses, a non-peer-reviewed journal, on the potential importance of steroids in the treatment of autism spectum disorders and other disorders involving mercury toxicity.	in 2004 dr. geier and his son published a paper in medical hypotheses, a non-peer-reviewed journal, on the potential importance of steroids in the treatment of autism spectum disorders and other disorders which they claim involve mercury toxicity.
this is a form of metcalfe's law and suggests that the network was demonstrating network effects proportional to its level of user adoption.	it has been claimed that is a form of metcalfe's law and suggests that the network was demonstrating network effects proportional to its level of user adoption.
"this was the first murder of a police officer in northern ireland since 1998. the continuity ira claimed responsibility for this shooting and stated that ""as long as there is british involvement in ireland, these attacks will continue""."	"this was the first killing of a police officer in northern ireland since 1998. the continuity ira claimed responsibility for this shooting and stated that ""as long as there is british involvement in ireland, these attacks will continue""."
since leaving the presidency, carter has written 20 books, all enormously successful.	since leaving the presidency, carter has written 20 books, all successful.
north korea, which still refers to itself (and korea as a whole) as joseon	north korea, which refers to itself (and korea as a whole) as joseon
in 1996, burstein met and talked with the great estonian composer arvo prt, who was subsequently instrumental in gaining burstein a commission to write music for the nine-hundredth anniversary celebrations of norwich cathedral.	in 1996, burstein met and talked with the estonian composer arvo prt, who was subsequently instrumental in gaining burstein a commission to write music for the nine-hundredth anniversary celebrations of norwich cathedral.
"the haditha "" massacre "" occured on november 19, 2005 in the town of haditha in iraq."	"the haditha "" incident "" occured on november 19, 2005 in the town of haditha in iraq."
the capital metrorail finally opened march 22, 2010.	the capital metrorail opened march 22, 2010.
there are far fewer slavic words in aromanian than in romanian, and many more greek words, a reflection of the close contact of aromanian with greek throughout its history.	there are far fewer slavic words in aromanian than in romanian, and many more greek words, a reflection of the close contact of aromanian with greek through much its history.
during this time, the soviet bloc intensified its efforts to gain a foothold in africa, with troops drafted in from cuba, fyr and the ussr, openly funding lawless guerilla warfare in africa.	during this time, the soviet bloc intensified its efforts to gain a foothold in africa, with troops drafted in from cuba, fyr and the ussr, openly funding guerilla warfare in africa .
woldemichael abraha was the second minister of transport and communications for eritrea starting in 2003. his predecessor had been removed in 2001 as a member of the g-15 dissidents ; thus there was a two year hiatus in stewardship of the ministry of transport & communications.	woldemichael abraha was the second minister of transport and communications for eritrea starting in 2003. his predecessor had been removed in 2001 as a member of the g-15; thus there was a two year hiatus in stewardship of the ministry of transport & communications.
after the government of cuba expropriated the company from its rightful owners, fernando palicio fled cuba for florida, where he subsequently sold his cigar lines to the villazon family, which continued to make punch, hoyo de monterrey, and belinda cigars in their tampa, florida factory from honduran tobacco for the american market.	after the government of cuba expropriated the company from its owners, fernando palicio fled cuba for florida, where he subsequently sold his cigar lines to the villazon family, which continued to make punch, hoyo de monterrey, and belinda cigars in their tampa, florida factory from honduran tobacco for the american market.
it was one of the most brutal ambushes of the insurgency in the republic of macedonia.	it was one of the most effective ambushes of the insurgency in the republic of macedonia.
however, compared to many other animals, human gene sequences are more homogeneous.	however, compared to many other animals, human gene sequences are remarkably homogeneous.
"he joined the cast of madtv during its 3rd season in 1997, and he left at the end of its 10th season in 2005. during his stay, he created characters such as comedienne belma buttons (co-host of fictional bet show ""reality check""), dollar bill montgomery (a host of an urban parody of politically incorrect called ""real ing talk with dollar bill montgomery""), james brown jr. (co-host of cabana chat), and controversial rapper emcee esher."	"he joined the cast of madtv during its 3rd season in 1997, and he left at the end of its 10th season in 2005. during his stay, he created characters such as comedian belma buttons (co-host of fictional bet show ""reality check""), dollar bill montgomery (a host of an urban parody of politically incorrect called ""real ing talk with dollar bill montgomery""), james brown jr. (co-host of cabana chat), and controversial rapper emcee esher."
thus, the ministry of defence can reasonably be stated to have made a handsome profit out of the sorry proceedings.	thus, the ministry of defence can reasonably be stated to have made a handsome profit out of the proceedings.
840 916) was a medieval macedonian saint, scholar, writer and enlightener of the slavs.	840 916) was a medieval bulgarian saint, scholar, writer and enlightener of the slavs.
"though it is possible that some uses of the name ""mark"" in the new testament refer to different people, it is equally possible that they are one and the same person."	"though it is possible that some uses of the name ""mark"" in the new testament refer to different people, it is also possible that they are one and the same person."
"{ lat = ""36.410"", long = ""38.893"", mark = ""location dot lime .svg"", marksize = ""5"", label = ""mushayrifah"", link = ""mushayrifah "", label_size = ""0"", position = ""right"" },"	"{ lat = ""36.410"", long = ""38.893"", mark = ""location dot black .svg"", marksize = ""5"", label = ""mushayrifah"", link = ""mushayrifah "", label_size = ""0"", position = ""right"" },"
vandalscandal .com barely legal radio	barelylegalradio .com barely legal radio
"it is estimated that one in 100,000 people are men born ""late in life"", that is, they are transsexual ."	"it is estimated that one in 100,000 people are men born ""late in life"", that is, they are transmen ."
ladakh towards the east bordering china, jammu towards the south bordering india and pakistan, kashmir valley towards the west bordering pakistan occupied kashmir and baltistan areas towards the north bordering xinjiang and gilgit baltistan.	ladakh towards the east bordering china, jammu towards the south bordering india and pakistan, kashmir valley towards the west bordering pakistan administered kashmir and baltistan areas towards the north bordering xinjiang and gilgit baltistan.
modern governments today commonly perform mass surveillance of their citizens, explaining that they believe that it is necessary to protect them from dangerous groups such as terrorists, criminals, or political subversives and to maintain social control.	modern governments today commonly perform mass surveillance of their citizens, arguing that they believe that it is necessary to protect them from dangerous groups such as terrorists, criminals, or political subversives and to maintain social control.
her racy outfits have been considered scandalous in some conservative countries and drew criticism from islamists.	her revealing outfits have been considered scandalous in some conservative countries and drew criticism from islamists.
mandatory flag pledges in public schools were motivated by patriotic fever in wartime america.	mandatory flag pledges in public schools were motivated by patriotic fervor in wartime america.
the double-album was released on the legendary disco label casablanca records.	the double-album was released on the disco label casablanca records.
during the outbreak of foot and mouth disease in 2001, gouriet opposed the ministry of agriculture, fisheries and food's mass slaughter of animals on farms neighbouring outbreaks.	during the outbreak of foot and mouth disease in 2001, gouriet opposed the ministry of agriculture, fisheries and food's policy of slaughter of animals on farms neighbouring outbreaks.
alt=street demonstration with banners, passing an official building| pro-uyghur demonstration in berlin.	alt=street demonstration with banners, passing an official building| east turkestan independence demonstration in berlin.
left-wing critics denounced his opposition to fidel castro's dictatorship in cuba and complained that he was ignoring human rights in central america, south america, and south africa.	left-wing critics denounced his opposition to fidel castro's govermnent in cuba and complained that he was ignoring human rights in central america, south america, and south africa.
while there are many hundreds of schools teaching taijiquan around the world, the chen family styles are said to go the farthest in maintaining the martial art style of teaching (as opposed to health focus) that has been normative for taijiquan instruction for most of its history.	while there are many hundreds of schools teaching taijiquan around the world, the five family styles are said to go the farthest in maintaining the martial art style of teaching (as opposed to health focus) that has been normative for taijiquan instruction for most of its history.
india refused to allow portuguese troops to transit through its territory to restore colonial rule, and annexed the enclaves in august 1961. in december 1961, india reclaimed goa, daman, and diu.	india refused to allow portuguese troops to transit through its territory to restore colonial rule, and annexed the enclaves in august 1961. in december 1961, india invaded and annexed—or, as india sees it, liberated— goa, daman, and diu.
malibeyli and gushchular massacre or seizure of malibeyli and gushchular was the deaths of 8 civilians, according to helsinki watch, ashaghi gushchular, yukhari gushchular of shusha district of azerbaijan on 1012 february 1992 during the nagorno-karabakh war.	malibeyli and gushchular massacre or seizure of malibeyli and gushchular was the killings of 8 civilians, according to helsinki watch, ashaghi gushchular, yukhari gushchular of shusha district of azerbaijan on 1012 february 1992 during the nagorno-karabakh war.
the martyrdom of joseph smith during which he fired shots at his attackers	the killing of joseph smith during which he fired shots at his attackers
wartburg college is a very selective four-year liberal arts college of the evangelical lutheran church in america located in waverly, iowa.	wartburg college is a selective four-year liberal arts college of the evangelical lutheran church in america located in waverly, iowa.
he was a consistent performer in an inconsistent season for the bombers, polling 16 brownlow votes from a total of only 43 received by essendon players, finishing equal-seventh in the 2010 brownlow medal count, and having the highest number of votes for a player from a team finishing outside the final eight.	he was a consistent performer in an inconsistent season for the bombers, polling 16 brownlow votes from a total of 43 received by essendon players, finishing equal-seventh in the 2010 brownlow medal count, and having the highest number of votes for a player from a team finishing outside the final eight.
at the beginning of the civil war, overtons widow occupied the home until her death in 1862. after her passing , her son john and his wife harriet and their children continued to occupy the home.	at the beginning of the civil war, overtons widow occupied the home until her death in 1862. after her death , her son john and his wife harriet and their children continued to occupy the home.
those that did try the first version found a powerful but very different language under the hood, with significant disadvantages in some areas, including a runtime that was ten times as large to package as the vb6 runtime and a greatly increased memory footprint.	those that did try the first version found a powerful but very different language under the hood, with disadvantages in some areas, including a runtime that was ten times as large to package as the vb6 runtime and a greatly increased memory footprint.
greater poland uprising of 1918-1919 (polish: powstanie wielkopolskie 1918-19 roku) was a military insurrection of the polish people in the greater poland region (also called the grand duchy of poznań) against the occupying german/prussian forces.	greater poland uprising of 1918-1919 (polish: powstanie wielkopolskie 1918-19 roku) was a military insurrection of the polish people in the greater poland region (also called the grand duchy of poznań) against the german/prussian forces.
she loves you interestingly avoids the use of a bridge, instead using a refrain to join the various verses.	she loves you avoids the use of a bridge, instead using a refrain to join the various verses.
elizabeth millicent sutherland, 24th countess of sutherland (born 30 march 1921) is a british peeress .	elizabeth millicent sutherland, 24th countess of sutherland (born 30 march 1921) is a british peer .
"the glans (latin for ""acorn"", because the glans of an intact penis often looks like an acorn popping out of its cap) is a structure internally composed of corpus spongiosum in males or of corpus cavernosa and vestibular tissue in females that is located at the tip of homologous genital structures involved in sexual arousal."	"the glans (latin for ""acorn"", because the glans of an uncircumcised penis often looks like an acorn popping out of its cap) is a structure internally composed of corpus spongiosum in males or of corpus cavernosa and vestibular tissue in females that is located at the tip of homologous genital structures involved in sexual arousal."
"members are pressured to give a tithe to the church of a minimum of 10% of their pre-tax (gross) income, with phil pringle himself having claimed that those who fail to tithe are ""robbing god"" and that they are ""cursed""."	"members are taught to give a tithe to the church of a minimum of 10% of their pre-tax (gross) income, with phil pringle himself having claimed that those who fail to tithe are ""robbing god"" and that they are ""cursed""."
hunter claimed that he wasn't wearing rubber cleats and his slide was somewhat awkward when trying to score.	hunter noted that he wasn't wearing rubber cleats and his slide was somewhat awkward when trying to score.
starting in 2008, there has been some resurgence of interest in keynesian economics among various policy makers from the world's industrialized economies.	starting in 2008, there has been a resurgence of interest in keynesian economics among various policy makers from the world's industrialized economies.
it is a cross-platform, 3d action game for microsoft windows, amigaos 4, aros, mac os x, and gnu/ linux.	it is a cross-platform, 3d action game for microsoft windows, amigaos 4, aros, mac os x, and linux.
among other improvements , a complete burger king restaurant was imported from the united states piece by piece; it opened in june 2003. terminal c, one of three gate areas, has been spruced up with new potted plants and polished floors.	among other changes , a complete burger king restaurant was imported from the united states piece by piece; it opened in june 2003. terminal c, one of three gate areas, has been spruced up with new potted plants and polished floors.
they hooted their horns, waved their flags and displayed their obnoxious banners.	they hooted their horns, waved their flags and displayed their banners.
shabnam masood is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by zahra ahmadi.	shabnam masood is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by zahra ahmadi.
the manhattan neighborhood of the upper west side, too, retains many glorious brownstones.	the manhattan neighborhood of the upper west side, too, retains many brownstones.
at least 16,000 cubans have made it to the u.s. but, it has been estimated that between 30,000 to 40,000 cubans may have perished attempting to flee the communist island.	at least 16,000 cubans have made it to the u.s. but, it has been estimated that between 30,000 to 40,000 cubans may have perished attempting to flee the island.
at the time of her commissioning in world war i, naval gunnery was severely inaccurate at the ranges necessary to produce plunging fire, and hood's greater speed and maneuverability were rightly seen as an acceptable trade-off.	at the time of her commissioning in world war i, naval gunnery was severely inaccurate at the ranges necessary to produce plunging fire, and hood's greater speed and maneuverability were seen as an acceptable trade-off.
in three separate research surveys that surveyed 729 schools (125 medical schools offering an md degree, 25 medical schools offering a doctor of osteopathic medicine degree, and 585 schools offering a nursing degree), 60% of the standard medical schools, 95% of osteopathic medical schools and 84.8% of the nursing schools teach some form of cam.	in three separate research surveys that surveyed 729 schools (125 medical schools offering an md degree, 25 medical schools offering a doctor of osteopathic medicine degree, and 585 schools offering a nursing degree), 60% of the medical schools, 95% of osteopathic medical schools and 84.8% of the nursing schools teach some form of cam.
he was favoured to tour england and france with the kangaroos before severing his index finger in a horrible work accident, which ended his season on the eve of the 1986 finals, where the bulldogs would eventually lose to parramatta in the infamous 4-2 grand final.	he was favoured to tour england and france with the kangaroos before severing his index finger in a horrible work accident, which ended his season on the eve of the 1986 finals, where the bulldogs would eventually lose to parramatta in the 4-2 grand final.
born on august 7 in beirut, lebanon, she started as a model at a very young age.	born on august 7 in beirut, lebanon, she started as a model at a young age.
the smurfs (les schtroumpfs) are a fictional group of small sky blue creatures who live in smurf village somewhere in the woods.	the smurfs (les schtroumpfs) are a fictional group of small blue creatures who live in smurf village somewhere in the woods.
webcam aschaffenburg beautiful live view on schloss johannisburg, stiftskirche basilica, the river main, schlossplatz and stadthalle.	webcam aschaffenburg live view on schloss johannisburg, stiftskirche basilica, the river main, schlossplatz and stadthalle.
missouri now led the mighty 3rd fleet in strikes on airfields and installations on kyushu 2 and 3 june.	missouri now led the 3rd fleet in strikes on airfields and installations on kyushu 2 and 3 june.
otheros was a feature available in the first versions of the playstation 3 video game console that allowed other operating systems, such as gnu/ linux or freebsd, to be installed on the system.	otheros was a feature available in the first versions of the playstation 3 video game console that allowed other operating systems, such as linux or freebsd, to be installed on the system.
"several left wing members of the knesset (mks) have drawn an analogy between israeli policies and apartheid, such as zehava gal-on of the meretz party who said of an israeli supreme court ruling upholding the country's controversial citizenship law: ""the supreme court could have taken a braver decision and not relegated us to the level of an apartheid state."""	"several left wing members of the knesset (mks) have drawn an analogy between israeli policies and apartheid, such as zehava gal-on of the meretz party who said of an israeli supreme court ruling upholding the country's citizenship law: ""the supreme court could have taken a braver decision and not relegated us to the level of an apartheid state."""
most middle-eastern immigrants in brazil have worked as traders, roaming the vast country to sell textiles and clothes and open new markets.	most arab immigrants in brazil have worked as traders, roaming the vast country to sell textiles and clothes and open new markets.
reuben singh, (born 20 september 1976, manchester, england), is a british entrepreneur, who became famous for his miss attitude and alldaypa companies, and subsequently for controversy surrounding his dealings and questionable wealth.	reuben singh, (born 20 september 1976, manchester, england), is a british entrepreneur, who became famous for his miss attitude and alldaypa companies, and subsequently for controversy surrounding his dealings and wealth.
broad street station was replaced by the vast broadgate office and shopping complex and nothing remains of the station.	broad street station was replaced by the broadgate office and shopping complex and nothing remains of the station.
south carolina entered 1876 having endured eight years of radical republican rule that had effectively alienated the entire white population of the state.	south carolina entered 1876 having had eight years of radical republican rule that had effectively alienated the entire white population of the state.
the observation tower at the summit enables tourists to enjoy the breathtaking view of titiwangsa mountains from the summit.	the observation tower at the summit enables tourists to enjoy the panoramic view of titiwangsa mountains from the summit.
"when the nac learned that one of the conditions of this donation was for them to pay yashin's parents $425,000 in consulting fees for ""loosely defined"" services, they balked and yashin promptly cancelled the deal."	"when the nac learned that one of the conditions of this donation was for them to pay yashin's parents $425,000 in consulting fees for ""loosely defined"" services, they balked and yashin cancelled the deal."
sarah ward (born 28 june 1951) known as lalla ward, is an english actress , author and illustrator.	sarah ward (born 28 june 1951) known as lalla ward, is an english actor , author and illustrator.
hubo has voice recognition and synthesis faculties, as well as perfect vision in which its two eyes move independently of one another.	hubo has voice recognition and synthesis faculties, as well as sophisticated vision in which its two eyes move independently of one another.
already extremely wealthy from a trust fund and from his income as president of the new york central railroad company, on his father's passing in 1920, willie k vanderbilt inherited a multi-million dollar fortune.	already extremely wealthy from a trust fund and from his income as president of the new york central railroad company, on his father's death in 1920, willie k vanderbilt inherited a multi-million dollar fortune.
one of the strongest pieces of evidence for the existence of a deluge is the fact that almost every culture has it's own flood myth, all sharing important key aspects.	one of the most commonly cited pieces of evidence for the existence of a deluge is the fact that almost every culture has it's own flood myth, all sharing important key aspects.
adrian of nicomedia, a saint martyred in the early 300s	adrian of nicomedia, a saint who died in the early 300s
the yaoi infestation has spread beyond japan; yaoi material has also now been published in america and indonesia, to name a few places.	the yaoi phenomenon has spread beyond japan; yaoi material has also now been published in america and indonesia, to name a few places.
the term gypsy is intensely disliked by some romany people, and tolerated by others.	the term gypsy is intensely disliked by some romany people, and acknowledged by others.
of the four aircraft hijacked that day, american airlines flight 11, american airlines flight 77 and united airlines flight 175 being the others, united airlines flight 93 was the only aircraft that failed to reach its intended target due to the heroic actions of its passengers.	of the four aircraft hijacked that day, american airlines flight 11, american airlines flight 77 and united airlines flight 175 being the others, united airlines flight 93 was the only aircraft that failed to reach its intended target due to the actions of its passengers.
"at 6' 5"", edwards is 18 inches taller than his wife lucy porter, comedienne and fellow manchester graduate; they have two children."	"at 6' 5"", edwards is 18 inches taller than his wife lucy porter, comedian and fellow manchester graduate; they have two children."
prijedor ( serbian cyrillic: , ) is a town and municipality in northern bosnia and herzegovina.	prijedor (cyrillic: , ) is a town and municipality in northern bosnia and herzegovina.
a concert for hurricane relief was an hour-long, music and celebrity driven live benefit broadcast, sponsored by the nbc universal television group, in response to the hurricane katrina tragedy in the southeastern united states, in 2005. simulcast from the new york studios of nbc located in 30 rockefeller plaza, on nbc, msnbc, cnbc, pax on september 2, 2005. the benefit was hosted by nbcs matt lauer.	a concert for hurricane relief was an hour-long, music and celebrity driven live benefit broadcast, sponsored by the nbc universal television group, in response to the hurricane katrina events in the southeastern united states, in 2005. simulcast from the new york studios of nbc located in 30 rockefeller plaza, on nbc, msnbc, cnbc, pax on september 2, 2005. the benefit was hosted by nbcs matt lauer.
the story behind his arrest and the sheepish backing down of the accusers and investigators was only revealed in parliamentary answers and the book a trusted mole which he subsequently wrote about his experiences.	the story behind his arrest and the backing down of the accusers and investigators was only revealed in parliamentary answers and the book a trusted mole which he subsequently wrote about his experiences.
many religious devotees will slash themselves with swords, pierce their cheeks with sharp objects and commit other self-destructive acts.	many religious devotees will slash themselves with swords, pierce their cheeks with sharp objects and commit other painful acts.
duke university is a prestigious private university in durham, north carolina.	duke university is a private university in durham, north carolina.
michael medved (born october 3 1948) is an american conservative radio talk show host, film critic, and author.	michael medved (born october 3 1948) is an american radio talk show host, film critic, and author.
the music video of the hasselhoff version became an internet phenomenon due to its hilarious surreal visuals and extremely poor production quality along with the pop culture icon status that hasselhoff has.	the music video of the hasselhoff version became an internet phenomenon due to its surreal visuals and extremely poor production quality along with the pop culture icon status that hasselhoff has.
if they are completely missing, he can make his shoulders touch each other in front of his chest: see image.	if they are completely missing, the person can make his shoulders touch each other in front of his chest: see image.
in 2006, gibson threatened to sue www.melgibsonsblog.blogspot.com , a satirical website which pokes fun at some of the statements mel gibson has made over the years, as well as some of his extreme religious views, if the site did not shut down.	in 2006, gibson threatened to sue www.melgibsonsblog.blogspot.com , a satirical website which pokes fun at some of the statements mel gibson has made over the years, as well as some of his religious views, if the site did not shut down.
quagga is a network routing software suite providing implementations of open shortest path first (ospf), routing information protocol (rip), border gateway protocol (bgp) and is-is for unix-like platforms, particularly gnu/ linux, solaris, freebsd and netbsd.	quagga is a network routing software suite providing implementations of open shortest path first (ospf), routing information protocol (rip), border gateway protocol (bgp) and is-is for unix-like platforms, particularly linux, solaris, freebsd and netbsd.
peter williams comments in bach: the goldberg variations that this is not the theme at all, but actually the first variation (a view emphasising the idea of the work as a chaconne rather than a piece in true variation form).	peter williams opines in bach: the goldberg variations that this is not the theme at all, but actually the first variation (a view emphasising the idea of the work as a chaconne rather than a piece in true variation form).
goosebumps is a popular canadian children's television series that aired on ytv in canada, on canal famille in qubec, fox kids in the united states from 1995 to 1998, and airs around halloween on cartoon network as of 2007 and 2008 and on jetix in europe and also airs on jetix in india, on kids station in japan and on kbs 2tv in south korea.	goosebumps is a canadian children's television series that aired on ytv in canada, on canal famille in qubec, fox kids in the united states from 1995 to 1998, and airs around halloween on cartoon network as of 2007 and 2008 and on jetix in europe and also airs on jetix in india, on kids station in japan and on kbs 2tv in south korea.
quackery is a derogatory term used to describe unproven or fraudulent medical practices.	quackery is a derogatory term used to describe ignorant or fraudulent medical practices.
it has been influenced by pro-market libertarians such as gustave de molinari, frederic bastiat, and robert nozick.	it has been influenced by pro-market economists such as gustave de molinari, frederic bastiat, and robert nozick.
in the 1998 abc news special the power of belief, advocacy journalist john stossel reported on paranormal beliefs including yogic flying.	in the 1998 abc news special the power of belief, journalist john stossel reported on paranormal beliefs including yogic flying.
"rea the oligarchic family compact was defended by tories who explained, ""the radicals, revolutionists or destructives was composed of all the american settlers and speculators in land, some of the more simple and ignorant of the older class of farmers, and the rabble of adventurers who poured in every year from the united states or from britain, to evade the laws of their respective countries."""	"rea the family compact was defended by tories who explained, ""the radicals, revolutionists or destructives was composed of all the american settlers and speculators in land, some of the more simple and ignorant of the older class of farmers, and the rabble of adventurers who poured in every year from the united states or from britain, to evade the laws of their respective countries."""
most biblical scholars accept some superficial essene influence on the nascent jerusalem church in some organizational, administrative and cultic respects.	most biblical scholars accept some essene influence on the nascent jerusalem church in some organizational, administrative and cultic respects.
its claimed membership (as quoted from 2010 year book) includes 16,938 active and 9,190 retired officers, 1,122,326 soldiers, 189,176 adherents, 39,071 corps cadets, 378,009 junior soldiers, around 104,977 other employees and more than 4.5 million volunteers.	its stated membership (as quoted from 2010 year book) includes 16,938 active and 9,190 retired officers, 1,122,326 soldiers, 189,176 adherents, 39,071 corps cadets, 378,009 junior soldiers, around 104,977 other employees and more than 4.5 million volunteers.
the second step involves the intelligent display of and navigation through the 3d point cloud of features identified in the first step.	the second step involves the display of and navigation through the 3d point cloud of features identified in the first step.
khatami is known by most as the first iranian reportedly reformist president since the 1979 islamic revolution.	khatami is known by most as the first iranian reformist president since the 1979 islamic revolution.
yet, when we look at the declaration in its entirety, we can see that proof is established two phrases before mention of the creator.	yet, when we look at the declaration in its entirety, we can see that proof is asserted two phrases before mention of the creator.
"the norad tracks santa program is an award winning and highly effective annual propaganda effort to ""reinforce its own brand recognition as protector/defender of north america."""	"the norad tracks santa program is an award winning and highly effective annual effort to ""reinforce its own brand recognition as protector/defender of north america."""
it was performed in the passing show of 1914 by the popular basil hallam, who became captain b h radford and was tragically killed in 1916 when he fell to his death because his parachute failed to open.	it was performed in the passing show of 1914 by the popular basil hallam, who became captain b h radford and was killed in 1916 when he fell to his death because his parachute failed to open.
jon lajoie has also successfully released 2 studio albums.	jon lajoie has also released 2 studio albums.
according to twisted soviet law, the three local languages (estonian, latvian, lithuanian) had the status of official languages in the three respective republics and pupils were free to choose the language of their schools or university educations.	according to soviet law, the three local languages (estonian, latvian, lithuanian) had the status of official languages in the three respective republics and pupils were free to choose the language of their schools or university educations.
while reporting from there, he was attacked and bloodied by a group of afghan refugees (he was also saved from this attack by another heroic afghani refugee), and for a moment became part of the news he was reporting.	while reporting from there, he was attacked and bloodied by a group of afghan refugees (he was also saved from this attack by another afghani refugee), and for a moment became part of the news he was reporting.
bud neill (1911–1970) was an innovative scottish cartoonist who drew cartoon strips for a number of glasgow based newspapers between the 1940s and 1960s.	bud neill (1911–1970) was an scottish cartoonist who drew cartoon strips for a number of glasgow based newspapers between the 1940s and 1960s.
only two members of the corps have been involuntarily dismissed: lisa nowak and william oefelein.	two members of the corps have been involuntarily dismissed: lisa nowak and william oefelein.
however, the magic wand is far more famous for its misuse as a sex toy: when used in this capacity, it is usually applied to the vulvular area or anus for erotic stimulation and can be used by both sexes, jointly and severally.	however, the magic wand is far more famous for its use as a sex toy: when used in this capacity, it is usually applied to the vulvular area or anus for erotic stimulation and can be used by both sexes, jointly and severally.
saakashvili who stressed that the georgian iranians have historically played an important role in defending iran put flowers on the graves of the iranian georgian martyrs of the eight years long iraniraq war.	saakashvili who stressed that the georgian iranians have historically played an important role in defending iran put flowers on the graves of the iranian georgian dead of the eight years long iraniraq war.
this era of wright's life ended tragically in 1914 when mrs. cheney and her children were murdered at taliesin by an insane servant.	this era of wright's life ended in 1914 when mrs. cheney and her children were murdered at taliesin by an insane servant.
during the same year, brosnan spoke of making a western with fellow irishmen gabriel byrne and colm meaney.	during the same year, brosnan spoke of making a western with fellow irish actors gabriel byrne and colm meaney.
"such would be the danger inherent in the first kill of a boy and it was ""neutralized"" by a public ritual, in which the each adult member of the community had to make an incision into the head of the game, or ate a piece from it."	"such would be the danger inherent in the first kill of a boy and it was ""neutralized"" by a public ritual, in which each adult member of the community had to make an incision into the head of the game, or ate a piece from it."
irvine claims that 75 percent of aim's funding comes from contributors donating us$100 or less.	irvine states that 75 percent of aim's funding comes from contributors donating us$100 or less.
the lovely dutch painter jan nieuwenhuys is one of the early active founders of the dutch experimentalists group (reflex) that later became part of cobra.	the dutch painter jan nieuwenhuys is one of the early active founders of the dutch experimentalists group (reflex) that later became part of cobra.
"the title is from gibbon, but whereas gibbon charted the bankruptcy and dissolution of rome, waugh's was a hilariously witty account of quite a different sort of dissolution, following the career of the harmless paul pennyfeather, a student of divinity, as he is accidentally expelled from oxford for indecency (""i expect you'll be becoming a schoolmaster, sir,"" says the college porter to paul, ""that's what most of the gentlemen does, sir, that gets sent down for indecent behaviour"") and enters into the worlds of schoolmastering, high society, and the white slave trade."	"the title is from gibbon, but whereas gibbon charted the bankruptcy and dissolution of rome, waugh's was a witty account of quite a different sort of dissolution, following the career of the harmless paul pennyfeather, a student of divinity, as he is accidentally expelled from oxford for indecency (""i expect you'll be becoming a schoolmaster, sir,"" says the college porter to paul, ""that's what most of the gentlemen does, sir, that gets sent down for indecent behaviour"") and enters into the worlds of schoolmastering, high society, and the white slave trade."
many german civilians were sent to internment and labour camps where they were used as slave labour as part of german reparations to countries in eastern europe.	many german civilians were sent to internment and labour camps where they were used as forced labour as part of german reparations to countries in eastern europe.
the writings of pliny the elder (23–79) also show that burning-glasses were known to the roman empire , and mentions what is possibly the first use of a corrective lens: nero was known to watch the gladiatorial games using an emerald (presumably concave to correct for myopia, though the reference is vague).	the writings of pliny the elder (23–79) also show that burning-glasses were known to the roman empire , and mentions what is possibly the first use of a corrective lens: nero was said to watch the gladiatorial games using an emerald (presumably concave to correct for myopia, though the reference is vague).
fighters uncaged received very poor reviews from critics, with many criticizing the tutorial and visuals, though the biggest issue they had with the game was its motion control system, which many considered to be broken.	fighters uncaged received poor reviews from critics, with many criticizing the tutorial and visuals, though the biggest issue they had with the game was its motion control system, which many considered to be broken.
the goal of this government propaganda film, in the context of the cold war, was to show countries concerned about american racism the supposed progress the united states had made with respect to civil rights.	the goal of this government propaganda film, in the context of the cold war, was to show countries concerned about american racism the progress the united states had made with respect to civil rights.
many fans say this was the first time the club's most famous song you'll never walk alone was sung.	many fans say this was the first time the club's famous song you'll never walk alone was sung.
"commenting on the genocide , he said, ""'when a giant tree falls, the earth below shakes""."	"commenting on the violence , he said, ""'when a giant tree falls, the earth below shakes""."
most geologists accept that oil and many other fuels are fossil fuels created by fossilisation of ancient organic matter.	most geologists believe that oil and many other fuels are fossil fuels created by fossilisation of ancient organic matter.
roman catholicism and church of england - saint joseph's day for saint joseph of nazareth, spouse of the blessed virgin mary, stepfather of jesus; patron saint of belgium, a good death, carpenters.	roman catholicism and church of england - saint joseph's day for saint joseph of nazareth, spouse of the blessed virgin mary, father of jesus; patron saint of belgium, a good death, carpenters.
they had two children before she died in 1854. ellis married eliza d. chappel in 1858. they had seven children before her passing in 1878. in 1881, he married ruth k. gillette.	they had two children before she died in 1854. ellis married eliza d. chappel in 1858. they had seven children before her death in 1878. in 1881, he married ruth k. gillette.
the 1894 version includes a verse very much like the modern song, though in minstrel dialect, but with an intro that is no longer sung, and a second verse with racist lyrics:	the 1894 version includes a verse very much like the modern song, though in minstrel dialect, but with an intro that is no longer sung, and a second verse containing what could be considered by some to be racist lyrics:
the gospels were stoelen from durham cathedral during the dissolution of the monasteries, ordered by henry viii, and were acquired in the early 17th century by sir robert cotton from robert bowyer, clerk of the parliaments.	the gospels were taken from durham cathedral during the dissolution of the monasteries, ordered by henry viii, and were acquired in the early 17th century by sir robert cotton from robert bowyer, clerk of the parliaments.
however, open-source products such as cinelerra and kino (written for the gnu/ linux operating system) allow editing of some digital formats on alternative operating systems; software to edit dv streams is available on most platforms.	however, open-source products such as cinelerra and kino (written for the linux operating system) allow editing of some digital formats on alternative operating systems; software to edit dv streams is available on most platforms.
"with an emphasis on simplicity and ease of use, tapestry manages to avoid forcing programmers to create enormous blocks of ""plumbing code""."	"with an emphasis on simplicity and ease of use, tapestry aims to avoid forcing programmers to create enormous blocks of ""plumbing code""."
he achieved renown among conservationists and advocates of a balanced urban transportaion system by canceling most highway construction inside route 128, with the exception of the northeast expressway in 1970 sargent became a strong advocate for changing the federal laws governing aide to states for highway construction so that more funds were available for mass transit projects such as subways and light-rail vehicles.	he achieved renown among conservationists and advocates of a multi-modal urban transportaion system by canceling most highway construction inside route 128, with the exception of the northeast expressway in 1970 sargent became a strong advocate for changing the federal laws governing aide to states for highway construction so that more funds were available for mass transit projects such as subways and light-rail vehicles.
in the wake of these disturbing allegations, numerous organizations have severed ties with the comedian, and previously awarded honors and titles have been revoked.	in the wake of these allegations, numerous organizations have severed ties with the comedian, and previously awarded honors and titles have been revoked.
he then laughs evilly over his discovery.	he then laughs maniacally over his discovery.
jason becker, (born july 22, 1969) is an american neo-classical metal virtuoso guitarist and composer.	jason becker, (born july 22, 1969) is an american neo-classical metal guitarist and composer.
captain america #602 drew controversy upon publication for the similarity between the protesters depicted in the comic and the infamous tea party movement.	captain america #602 drew controversy upon publication for the similarity between the protesters depicted in the comic and the tea party movement.
this unfair decision causes a riot in the camp, during which richard and nicci escape and kahlan is 'rescued' by samuel.	this decision causes a riot in the camp, during which richard and nicci escape and kahlan is 'rescued' by samuel.
though not the first to analyze dreams, he is one of the best known pioneers in the field of dream analysis.	though not the first to analyze dreams, he is one of the best known researchers in the field of dream analysis.
in french, lacit (turkish: laiklik, italian: laicit or with more negative connotations laicismo), is the concept of a secular state, that is, the absence of religious interference in government affairs and government interference in religious affairs.	in french, lacit (turkish: laiklik, italian: laicit or with more negative connotations laicismo), is the concept of a secular state, that is, the absence of religious involvement in government affairs and government interference in religious affairs.
the kidnapping and murder of nachshon wachsman was an incident in which palestinian hamas terrorists kidnapped israeli soldier nachshon wachsman from the bnai atarot junction in central israel, and held him hostage for 6 days.	the kidnapping and murder of nachshon wachsman was an incident in which palestinian hamas kidnapped israeli soldier nachshon wachsman from the bnai atarot junction in central israel, and held him hostage for 6 days.
the ceremony was co-directed by chinese filmmaker zhang yimou and master choreographer zhang jigang.	the ceremony was co-directed by chinese filmmaker zhang yimou and choreographer zhang jigang.
the 2008 south ossetia war, also known as the russia-georgia conflict, was an armed conflict between georgia on the one side, and russia together with separatists in south ossetia and abkhazia on the other.	the 2008 south ossetia war, also known as the caucasian conflict, was an armed conflict between georgia on the one side, and russia together with separatists in south ossetia and abkhazia on the other.
uber is a controversial venture-funded startup and transportation network company based in san francisco, california, that makes mobile apps that connects passengers with drivers of vehicles for hire and ridesharing services.	uber is a venture-funded startup and transportation network company based in san francisco, california, that makes mobile apps that connects passengers with drivers of vehicles for hire and ridesharing services.
a number of countries, notably israel, the united states, cuba, united kingdom, canada, brazil and italy, sent large contingents (over 1,000) of emergency relief and medical staff, technicians for reconstruction and security personnel.	a number of countries, including israel, the united states, cuba, united kingdom, canada, brazil and italy, sent large contingents (over 1,000) of emergency relief and medical staff, technicians for reconstruction and security personnel.
many commentators have also pointed out that what are sometimes called intellectual property laws—laws granting protections through copyrights, patents, and trademarks—represent government-granted monopolies on the copying and use of particular items of information.	many commentators have also pointed out that what are sometimes called intellectual property laws—laws granting rights through copyrights, patents, and trademarks—represent government-granted monopolies on the copying and use of particular items of information.
wayland is a display server protocol intended as a replacement for the aged x11 protocol; , wayland has not received wider adoption.	wayland is a display server protocol intended as a replacement for the x11 protocol; , wayland has not received wider adoption.
one of its early tasks was the implementation of german orders regarding the registration of jews and gypsies living in the territory, and the placing of severe restrictions on their liberty.	one of its early tasks was the implementation of german orders regarding the registration of jews and romani people living in the territory, and the placing of severe restrictions on their liberty.
however, young people must still register for possible conscription should the situation call for it, with the cosmetic change that now females must register as well.	however, young people must still register for possible conscription should the situation call for it, with the change that now females must register as well.
nine people were massacred , including the senior pastor, state senator clementa c. pinckney; a tenth victim survived.	nine people were killed , including the senior pastor, state senator clementa c. pinckney; a tenth victim survived.
"but the practice of homosexuality is still libeled as a ""moldering life style of capitalism""."	"but the practice of homosexuality is still labeled as a ""moldering life style of capitalism""."
during her travel with guts, the strain of watching over her in her state and fighting against evil spirits for nights on end drove guts to succumb to his inner beast and nearly rape her.	during her travel with guts, the strain of watching over her in her state and fighting against malicious spirits for nights on end drove guts to succumb to his inner beast and nearly rape her.
occupied by the japanese in april 1942, it was captured by u.s. forces on april 22 1944, and served as general douglas macarthur's headquarters until the conquest of the philippines in march 1945.	occupied by the japanese in april 1942, it was liberated by u.s. forces on april 22 1944, and served as general douglas macarthur's headquarters until the conquest of the philippines in march 1945.
braunstone remained a picturesque village with various tenanted farmsteads until, in 1925, the leicester corporation compulsorily purchased the bulk of the winstanley braunstone hall estate for 116,500.	braunstone remained a village with various tenanted farmsteads until, in 1925, the leicester corporation compulsorily purchased the bulk of the winstanley braunstone hall estate for 116,500.
the war at sea continued, and the british royal navy scored key victories, especially the battle of the saintes in 1782. in 1783, the treaty of paris ended the war and recognized the sovereignty of the united states over the territory bounded roughly by what is now canada to the north, florida to the south, and the mississippi river to the west.	the war at sea continued, and the british navy scored key victories, especially the battle of the saintes in 1782. in 1783, the treaty of paris ended the war and recognized the sovereignty of the united states over the territory bounded roughly by what is now canada to the north, florida to the south, and the mississippi river to the west.
while technically the second was a relay, his split was faster by a very large margin, and the margin of beating the u.s team by a far smaller one.	while technically the second was a relay, his split was faster by a large margin, and the margin of beating the u.s team by a far smaller one.
he said the right thing to do would be to stake the vampire's body, and then behead and burn it, but regrettably this would nowadays be illegal.	he said the right thing to do would be to stake the vampire's body, and then behead and burn it, but this would nowadays be illegal.
vari scientists study the genetic, cellular, and molecular origins of cancer and other several other degenerative diseases, notably parkinson's disease .	vari scientists study the genetic, cellular, and molecular origins of cancer and other several other degenerative diseases, notably parkinson's.
istvn kertsz (august 28, 1929april 16, 1973) was a world-renowned hungarian orchestral and operatic conductor.	istvn kertsz (august 28, 1929april 16, 1973) was a hungarian orchestral and operatic conductor.
this post generated a great deal of publicity online – partly because authors rarely post or respond to reviews on amazon, and partly because of the tone and nature of her text, which was very bitter, angry and aggressive.	this post generated a great deal of publicity online – partly because authors rarely post or respond to reviews on amazon, and partly because of the tone and nature of her text, which was considered by many members of the writing community to be bitter, angry and aggressive.
some critics of christianity maintain there was an antagonistic relationship between science and the church during the middle ages.	critics of christianity maintain there was an antagonistic relationship between science and the church during the middle ages.
the peoples temple was an organization best known for the purported mass suicide of over 900 of its members in jonestown, the greatest single loss of american civilian life in a non-natural disaster until the incidents of september 11, 2001. those events included the murder of, among others, congressman leo ryan, the first and only congressman murdered in the line of duty in the history of the united states.	the peoples temple was an organization best known for the mass suicide of over 900 of its members in jonestown, the greatest single loss of american civilian life in a non-natural disaster until the incidents of september 11, 2001. those events included the murder of, among others, congressman leo ryan, the first and only congressman murdered in the line of duty in the history of the united states.
"christophe lemoine (born 1978) is a french failed actor and voice actor who ""specializes"" in dubbing."	"christophe lemoine (born 1978) is a french actor and voice actor who ""specializes"" in dubbing."
god, they believe, possesses the religion's spirit mediums at mass seances at its headquarters in india and speaks to its followers in person.	god, they believe, communicates through the religion's spirit mediums at mass seances at its headquarters in india and speaks to its followers in person.
undoubtedly the most successful preacher of jamaican revivalism.	one of the most successful preacher of jamaican revivalism.
san diego will be eliminated from playoff contention with:	san diego can be eliminated from playoff contention with:
andrea barrett (born november 16, 1954) is an acclaimed american writer.	andrea barrett (born november 16, 1954) is an american writer.
the 2014 bollywood blockbuster happy new year draws heavily on the plot of ocean's eleven, with shah rukh khan starring as the titular character.	the 2014 bollywood film happy new year draws heavily on the plot of ocean's eleven, with shah rukh khan starring as the titular character.
sobran was fired from the national review by william f. buckley for what some considered to be anti-semitism.	sobran was fired from the national review by william f. buckley following a furor over what some considered to be anti-semitism .
"the giants, major league baseball and its players' union all expressed sadness at the indictment, and even the white house weighed in, calling it a ""sad day in baseball""."	"the giants, major league baseball and its players' union all expressed sadness at the indictment, and the white house weighed in, calling it a ""sad day in baseball""."
westmoreland v. cbs is $120 million libel suit brought by william westmoreland against cbs television for the televising of a documentary entitled the uncounted enemy: a vietnam deception, narrated by the aggressive investigative reporter, mike wallace.	westmoreland v. cbs is $120 million libel suit brought by william westmoreland against cbs television for the televising of a documentary entitled the uncounted enemy: a vietnam deception, narrated by the investigative reporter, mike wallace.
"the fight was being billed as a ""battle of russia vs. ukraine"", despite the fact that rudenko was relatively unknown in ukraine and the fight was featured on rather smaller tv channel xsport instead of inter."	"the fight was being billed as a ""battle of russia vs. ukraine"", despite the fact that rudenko was relatively unknown in ukraine , where the fight was featured on rather smaller tv channel xsport instead of inter."
"technically ireland and ire are the official names of the state while the ""republic of ireland"" is its freestate description."	"technically ireland and ire are the official names of the state while the ""republic of ireland"" is its official description."
agios polikarpos is a vibrant village located 15 kilometers east of the greek city of naupactus.	agios polikarpos is a village located 15 kilometers east of the greek city of naupactus.
although, close analysis shows that her lack of knowledge on this subject is apparent .	although, close analysis shows that her lack of knowledge on this subject is aparent .
kenyan social commentator mwiti mugambi pragmatically argues that the future of africa can only be forged from accepting and mending the sociocultural present.	kenyan social commentator mwiti mugambi argues that the future of africa can only be forged from accepting and mending the sociocultural present.
legal correspondent jan crawford greenburg asserted in her book on the supreme court that justice thomas's forceful views have moved moderates like sandra day o'connor further to the left, but frequently attracted votes from former chief justice rehnquist and justice scalia.	legal correspondent jan crawford greenburg wrote in her book on the supreme court that justice thomas's forceful views have moved moderates like sandra day o'connor further to the left, but frequently attracted votes from former chief justice rehnquist and justice scalia.
moncler, is a clothing company of french origin founded in 1952 by french entrepreneur ren ramillon that manufactures high-end down jackets and sportswear.	moncler, is a clothing company of french origin founded in 1952 by french entrepreneur ren ramillon that manufactures down jackets and sportswear.
19 times a fellow houseguest saved a nominee (including four times by the hoh and two times by the other nominee)	19 times a fellow houseguest saved a nominee (including six times by the hoh and two times by the other nominee)
a study by media matters for america showed that the st. petersburg times was one of only four newspapers in florida that featured more progressive opinions than conservative, with 43 percent of columnists considered progressive and 29 percent considered conservative.	a study by media matters for america showed that the st. petersburg times was one of four newspapers in florida that featured more progressive opinions than conservative, with 43 percent of columnists considered progressive and 29 percent considered conservative.
helen lederer (born 1954), english comedienne , writer and actress	helen lederer (born 1954), english comedian , writer and actress
the film opened on july 23, 2010 to poor reviews by the critics.	the film opened on july 23, 2010 to mixed reviews by the critics.
georgy konstantinovich zhukov (; 18 june 1974), was a soviet career officer in the red army who, in the course of world war ii, played a pivotal role in leading the red army drive through much of eastern europe to liberate the soviet union and other nations from the occupation of the axis powers and, ultimately, to conquer berlin.	georgy konstantinovich zhukov (; 18 june 1974), was a soviet career officer in the red army who, in the course of world war ii, played a role in leading the red army drive through much of eastern europe to liberate the soviet union and other nations from the occupation of the axis powers and, ultimately, to conquer berlin.
he has also made several appearances on television, including as a panelist on the game shows hollywood squares and pyramid; as a finalist on the celebrity apprentice; and in voice-overs in commercials for the kfc restaurant chain.	he has also made several appearances on television, including as a panelist on the game shows hollywood squares and pyramid; as a contestant on the celebrity apprentice; and in voice-overs in commercials for the kfc restaurant chain.
it is assumed that olea europaea may have arisen from o. chrysophylla in northern tropical africa and that it was introduced into the countries of the mediterranean basin via egypt and then crete or palestine , syria and asia minor.	it is assumed that olea europaea may have arisen from o. chrysophylla in northern tropical africa and that it was introduced into the countries of the mediterranean basin via egypt and then crete or the levant , syria and asia minor.
although some scholars dispute the idea that the genesis myth has features that would date it to an even earlier babylonian version, the various claimed points of uniqueness in the biblical tale are actually quite common in the earlier versions of the myths as well.	although some scholars dispute the idea that the genesis myth has features that would date it to an even earlier babylonian version, the various claimed points of uniqueness in the biblical story are actually quite common in the earlier versions of the myths as well.
karam is best known for his amazing support of david bain.	karam is best known for his strong support of david bain.
this is followed by a half-hour work period, and a spartan breakfast of oatmeal.	this is followed by a half-hour work period, and a breakfast of oatmeal.
"though it is undisputed that brown is a highly popular author, much volatile criticism centers on his claim found in the preface to the da vinci code that the novel is based on fact in relation to opus dei, the priory of sion and that ""all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate""."	"though it is undisputed that brown is a highly popular author, much criticism centers on his claim found in the preface to the da vinci code that the novel is based on fact in relation to opus dei, the priory of sion and that ""all descriptions of artwork, architecture, documents and secret rituals in this novel are accurate""."
renowned jesuit college santa clara university and junior college mission college (santa clara, ca)|mission college are among the city's higher education facilities.	jesuit college santa clara university and junior college mission college (santa clara, ca)|mission college are among the city's higher education facilities.
the up, a seminal detroit protopunk band	the up, a detroit protopunk band
pygmies, the tiny people of central africa's rain forest, live in servitude to the bantus.	pygmies, the people of central africa's rain forest, live in servitude to the bantus.
"robinson is the senior author of the oregon petition, a petition of over 31,000 self-described scientists or engineers (in 2008), intended to show that a ""scientific consensus"" does not exist on the subject of global warming."	"robinson is the senior author of the oregon petition, a petition of over 31,000 people that identified themselves as scientists or engineers (in 2008), intended to show that a ""scientific consensus"" does not exist on the subject of global warming."
"these recordings offered up the notable temple songs ""tennessee highway,"" ""dry creek,"" ""downtown,"" and ""can't keep my mind off you,"" and both records also featured backing vocals of singer/songwriter terri hendrix."	"these recordings offered up the temple songs ""tennessee highway,"" ""dry creek,"" ""downtown,"" and ""can't keep my mind off you,"" and both records also featured backing vocals of singer/songwriter terri hendrix."
jerry mcgeorge (born october 22, 1945 in cincinnati, ohio) came to prominence in late 1965 as a guitarist with the legendary chicago rock band the shadows of knight.	jerry mcgeorge (born october 22, 1945 in cincinnati, ohio) came to prominence in late 1965 as a guitarist with the chicago rock band the shadows of knight.
writer/director shane carruth is also one of the film's lead actors, cinematographer, producer, editor, composer and even its caterer according to the credits.	writer/director shane carruth is also one of the film's lead actors, cinematographer, producer, editor, composer and its caterer according to the credits.
"francis dashwood also appears as dr. frank dashwood (head of orgasm research) in robert anton wilson's masterpiece ""the schrodinger's cat trilogy""."	"francis dashwood also appears as dr. frank dashwood (head of orgasm research) in robert anton wilson's ""the schrodinger's cat trilogy""."
other catalonian political parties such as ciutadans de catalunya, however, stated that the documentary reflected was largely accurate .	spanish nationalist catalonian political parties such as ciutadans de catalunya, however, stated that the documentary reflected was largely accurate .
there she continued her abuse .	there she continued her activities .
the company hopes to demolish sections of the district in order to build new office space.	the company hopes to remove sections of the district in order to build new office space.
before it began building four-stroke engine s , suzuki motor corp. was known for its two-stroke engines (for motorcycles and autos).	before it began building four-stroke engine |four-stroke engines , suzuki motor corp. was known for its two-stroke engines (for motorcycles and autos).
afa had some skinheads amongst their numbers, drawing heavily on the redskin scene.	afa had many skinheads amongst their numbers, drawing heavily on the redskin scene.
after the dismissal of the federal lawsuit, the daily show's correspondent john oliver interviewed walter l. wagner, who admitted that he believed the chance of the lhc destroying the earth to be 50%, since it will either happen or it won't.	after the dismissal of the federal lawsuit, the daily show's correspondent john oliver interviewed walter l. wagner, who declared that he believed the chance of the lhc destroying the earth to be 50%, since it will either happen or it won't.
"he achieved this feat in 1992, at the age of four-and-a-half, with the song ""dur dur d'tre bb !"""	"he achieved this in 1992, at the age of four-and-a-half, with the song ""dur dur d'tre bb !"""
general motors (headquarters pictured), the world's second-largest automaker , files for bankruptcy.	general motors (headquarters pictured), the world's second-largest motor vehicle producer , files for bankruptcy.
the kodawa parish priest, father teofil choynowskiego, was murdered in dachau in 1943. kodawa was liberated on january 19, 1945 by the red army,	the kodawa parish priest, father teofil choynowskiego, was killed in dachau in 1943. kodawa was liberated on january 19, 1945 by the red army,
other more obscure orders have been issued, including:-	other more controversial orders have been issued, including:-
perez then found a job at trinity college, where he was hired to try to lure hispanic students into their educational facility.	perez then found a job at trinity college, where he was hired to try to recruit hispanic students into their educational facility.
the anoa'i family, originating from samoa, is a legendary family of professional wrestlers.	the anoa'i family, originating from samoa, is a family of professional wrestlers.
this, coupled with wilson's repeated demands for even higher raises in his salary, caused the series to become over-budget, and led to its cancellation.	this, coupled with wilson's repeated demands for higher raises in his salary, caused the series to become over-budget, and led to its cancellation.
noah's ark (hebrew: , tevat noach; arabic: , safina nuh) is the mythological vessel built by the patriarch noah at god's command to save himself, his family and the world's animals from a worldwide deluge.	noah's ark (hebrew: , tevat noach; arabic: , safina nuh) is the vessel built by the patriarch noah at god's command to save himself, his family and the world's animals from a worldwide deluge.
israel and the apartheid analogy is the comparison between israel's treatment of the palestinians to south africa's treatment of non-whites during its apartheid era.	israel and the apartheid analogy is a controversial comparison between israel's treatment of the palestinians to south africa's treatment of non-whites during its apartheid era.
unfortunately the british army then turned over the overwhelming majority to the partisan forces.	the british army then turned over the overwhelming majority to the partisan forces.
"lambert's cafe, also known as ""home of the throwed rolls"" is a restaurant known for its homestyle cooking, ""pass arounds"", and its delicious ""throwed"" dinner rolls."	"lambert's cafe, also known as ""home of the throwed rolls"" is a restaurant known for its homestyle cooking, ""pass arounds"", and its ""throwed"" dinner rolls."
the character's surname is shared with that of science fiction writer /legend harlan ellison.	the character's surname is shared with that of science fiction writer harlan ellison.
however, the former united star was injured against arsenal and appeared for bolton later only in their cup game against doncaster rovers prior to being released and later joining blackburn rovers and sunderland on trial.	however, the former united player was injured against arsenal and appeared for bolton later only in their cup game against doncaster rovers prior to being released and later joining blackburn rovers and sunderland on trial.
the national humanities medal, inaugurated in 1997, honors individuals or groups whose work has deepened the nation's understanding of the humanities, broadened our citizens' engagement with the humanities, or helped preserve and expand americans' access to important resources in the humanities.	the national humanities medal, inaugurated in 1997, honors individuals or groups whose work has deepened the nation's understanding of the humanities, broadened citizens' engagement with the humanities, or helped preserve and expand americans' access to important resources in the humanities.
"unit 4 + 2's hypnotic track ""concrete and clay"" became a big hit the following year, reportedly thanks to exposure on the pirate radio stations of the day, most notably wonderful radio london."	"unit 4 + 2's track ""concrete and clay"" became a big hit the following year, reportedly thanks to exposure on the pirate radio stations of the day, most notably wonderful radio london."
in 2010, beavers defeated her long-time political rival, state representative susan lynn, in the 2010 republican primary, and easily defeated democrat george mcdonald with approximately 63% of the vote in the general election.	in 2010, beavers defeated her long-time political rival, state representative susan lynn, in the 2010 republican primary, and defeated democrat george mcdonald with approximately 63% of the vote in the general election.
the 2011 production of hairspray featured beloved american actor george wendt in the role of mrs. edna turnblad.	the 2011 production of hairspray featured american actor george wendt in the role of mrs. edna turnblad.
for example, a common belt scheme assigns the following keubs: white (13), yellow (12), purple (11), orange (10), green (9), senior green (8), blue (7), senior blue (6), brown (5), senior brown (4) red (3), senior red (2), red-black/ danbo (1).	for example, a common belt scheme assigns the following keubs: white (13), yellow (12), purple (11), orange (10), green (9), senior green (8), blue (7), senior blue (6), brown (5), senior brown (4) red (3), senior red (2), red-black/ bo dan (1).
after the establishment of the prc in 1949, the republic of china (roc) government of the exiled kuomintang in taiwan continued to claim legitimacy as government of china until president lee teng-huis constitutional changes in 1991. despite the constitutional changes of the roc, the current roc president has re-asserted the claim on mainland china as recently as october 8, 2008.	after the establishment of the prc in 1949, the republic of china (roc) government of the kuomintang in taiwan continued to claim legitimacy as government of china until president lee teng-huis constitutional changes in 1991. despite the constitutional changes of the roc, the current roc president has re-asserted the claim on mainland china as recently as october 8, 2008.
since hurricane katrina, the population within the city limits of new orleans itself has been estimated to be between 200,665 to 275,000, not counting the waves of hispanic workers currently residing in the city.	since hurricane katrina, the population within the city limits of new orleans itself has been estimated to be between 200,665 to 275,000, not counting the large number of hispanic workers currently residing in the city.
in 1938, prokofiev collaborated with the great russian filmmaker sergei eisenstein on the historical epic alexander nevsky.	in 1938, prokofiev collaborated with the russian filmmaker sergei eisenstein on the historical epic alexander nevsky.
however, even as of september 2012, google has not followed through with this announcement and still supports h.264 in their chrome browser through ffmpeg.	however, as of september 2012, google has not followed through with this announcement and still supports h.264 in their chrome browser through ffmpeg.
professor wellings returned to the uk in the autumn of 2002 to take up his appointment as lancaster university's controversial fifth vice-chancellor.	professor wellings returned to the uk in the autumn of 2002 to take up his appointment as lancaster university's fifth vice-chancellor.
the city of rotterdam is known for the erasmus university, striking riverside setting, lively cultural life and its maritime heritage.	the city of rotterdam is known for the erasmus university, riverside setting, lively cultural life and its maritime heritage.
nidal malik hasan, american fort hood major, turned shooter; 2009, with 13 u.s. service personnel killed in his treacherous attack, and dozens injured.	nidal malik hasan, american fort hood major, turned shooter; 2009, with 13 u.s. service personnel killed in his attack, and dozens injured.
"a resident described the celebrations as ""a natural response to the harm settlers inflict on the palestinian residents in the west bank""."	"a resident was reported as describing the celebrations as ""a natural response to the harm settlers inflict on the palestinian residents in the west bank""."
he also practiced transformismo and other undesirable policies which were carried over into post-risorgimento italy.	he also practiced transformismo and other policies which were carried over into post-risorgimento italy.
as a result of the massive explosion, 168 people were killed, including 16 innocent children, and over 800 others were injured.	as a result of the massive explosion, 168 people were killed, including 16 children, and over 800 others were injured.
this list of arab towns and villages that were depopulated during the 1948 palestinian exodus gathers about 500 items.	this list of arab towns and villages that were destroyed during the 1948 palestinian exodus gathers about 500 items.
with over 1500 clean and educational entries on historical, legal and economic topics, conservapedia is an excellent educational resource for students and teachers alike.	with over 1500 clean and educational entries on historical, legal and economic topics, conservapedia is an educational resource for students and teachers alike.
while fasting is a great form of worship, the shia have valid reservations regarding the fast of ashura.	while fasting is a great form of worship, the shia have reservations regarding the fast of ashura.
today, it is mainly used by the israeli new historians who claim that the zionist movement planned and waged a war against the palestinian people in order to implement its long term plans of ethnic cleansing of palestine to establish a jewish state thereof.	today, it is mainly used by the israeli new historians who say that the zionist movement planned and waged a war against the palestinian people in order to implement its long term plans of ethnic cleansing of palestine to establish a jewish state thereof.
"vannevar bush has an unfortunate eponym ""van-never"", owing to his habit of overestimating technological challenges."	"vannevar bush has an eponym ""van-never"", owing to his habit of overestimating technological challenges."
both trevor-roper and gerhard weinberg qualified their previous endorsements; and historian david irving, held up photocopies of a fake hitler diary that he said was from the same source as stern's material.	both trevor-roper and gerhard weinberg qualified their previous endorsements; and writer david irving, held up photocopies of a fake hitler diary that he said was from the same source as stern's material.
fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the ruler of cuba since 1959, when he commanded the attack that overthrew fulgencio batista.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the head of state of cuba since 1959, when he commanded the attack that overthrew fulgencio batista.
lisa ann walter, tv and movie actress, comedienne	lisa ann walter, tv and movie actress, comedian
the gay nigger association of america (better known by its abbreviation gnaa) is a self-agrandizing troll organization that primarily targets internet communities in an effort to cause havoc and disrupt their normal activities.	the gay nigger association of america (better known by its abbreviation gnaa) is a troll organization that primarily targets internet communities in an effort to cause havoc and disrupt their normal activities.
uunet thankfully never took any action based on the complaints, since serdar argic was posting from a host downstream from the host they fed (anatolia!zuma) over which they had no control.	uunet never took any action based on the complaints, since serdar argic was posting from a host downstream from the host they fed (anatolia!zuma) over which they had no control.
she was awarded the prestigious cobalt illustrator's award in 1995.	she was awarded the cobalt illustrator's award in 1995.
work on this translation began with discontent (largely amongst evangelical christians) over the style and content of modern english bible translations, as well as the apparent trend toward gender- neutral language in emerging translations, such as the today's new international version.	work on this translation began with discontent (largely amongst evangelical christians) over the style and content of modern english bible translations, as well as the apparent trend toward gender- sensitive language in emerging translations, such as the today's new international version.
flying at around 50 ft, the bombers crossed france but nettleton's six of 44 squadron unfortunately flew close by an airfield of ii gruppe/jagdgeschwader 2. german fighters coming in to land set off in pursuit and shot down four lancasters before having to turn back.	flying at around 50 ft, the bombers crossed france but nettleton's six of 44 squadron flew close by an airfield of ii gruppe/jagdgeschwader 2. german fighters coming in to land set off in pursuit and shot down four lancasters before having to turn back.
his most recent work at popular science is on a podcast for the magazine, appropriately entitled the popsci podcast.	his most recent work at popular science is on a podcast for the magazine, entitled the popsci podcast.
the parties to the case were u.s. term limits, a non-profit pressure group, and the politician ray thornton, among others.	the parties to the case were u.s. term limits, a non-profit advocacy group, and the politician ray thornton, among others.
"venerated as a saint, he is also the first bishop (ordained by christ in the ""rock of my church"" dialogue in matthew 16:18), and considered to be the first pope by the roman catholic church."	"venerated as a saint, he is also the first bishop (ordained by jesus in the ""rock of my church"" dialogue in matthew 16:18), and considered to be the first pope by the roman catholic church."
- a popular download manager/accelerator.	- a download manager/accelerator.
most fire monitors are able to be directed by a single fireman , compared to a standard fire hose which normally requires several men.	most fire monitors are able to be directed by a single firefighter , compared to a standard fire hose which normally requires several men.
"one notable study has shown that pit bulls within these areas ""had no significant behavioral difference""."	"one study has shown that pit bulls within these areas ""had no significant behavioral difference""."
each article and podcast which skolnick participated in contained many fascinating details covering a wide range of topics, overlooked by popular culture.	each article and podcast which skolnick participated in contained many details covering a wide range of topics, overlooked by popular culture.
older tools include the freesite insertion wizard (fiw), which sadly hasn't been ported to 0.7, and fishtools, which again hasn't been ported to 0.7 and is no longer maintained.	older tools include the freesite insertion wizard (fiw), which hasn't been ported to 0.7, and fishtools, which again hasn't been ported to 0.7 and is no longer maintained.
he concluded that there was no scientific proof of racial differences in intelligence and that this should not therefore be used as a justification for policies in education or employment.	he argued that there was no scientific proof of racial differences in intelligence and that this should not therefore be used as a justification for policies in education or employment.
the marlboro college campus has also been the summer home for more than 50 years to the renowned marlboro music festival.	the marlboro college campus has also been the summer home for more than 50 years to the marlboro music festival.
israel has welcomed newcomers inspired by zionism, the jewish national liberation movement.	israel has welcomed newcomers inspired by zionism, the jewish national movement.
"meanwhile, senator ervin's strict construction of the constitution also made him a liberal darling for his support of civil liberties, his opposition to ""no knock"" search laws, the growing intrusions of data banks and lie-detector tests as invasions of privacy."	"meanwhile, senator ervin's strict construction of the constitution also made him a liberal hero for his support of civil liberties, his opposition to ""no knock"" search laws, the growing intrusions of data banks and lie-detector tests as invasions of privacy."
"the band reluctantly complied and albarn wrote ""for tomorrow"", which would become the album's lead single."	"the band complied and albarn wrote ""for tomorrow"", which would become the album's lead single."
sexual characteristics' are those characteristics in sexually dysmorphic organisms which are used to determine their biological sex.	sexual characteristics' are those characteristics in sexually dimorphic organisms which are used to determine their biological sex.
this ambitious work of 31 tracks tells the life story of anne of brittany, following the historical events that made her the last duchess of independent brittany and twice crowned queen of france.	this work of 31 tracks tells the life story of anne of brittany, following the historical events that made her the last duchess of independent brittany and twice crowned queen of france.
ian jane of dvd talk highlighted the miniseries' clever combination of childhood nostalgia with horror elements and praised curry's performance as pennywise.	ian jane of dvd talk highlighted the miniseries' combination of childhood nostalgia with horror elements and praised curry's performance as pennywise.
glines has done important work for several well known series.	glines has done work for several well known series.
the medes kurds were an ancient iranian people who lived in the northwestern portions of present-day iran, and roughly the areas of present day kurdistan, hamedan, tehran, azarbaijan, esfahan and zanjan.	the medes were an ancient iranian people who lived in the northwestern portions of present-day iran, and roughly the areas of present day kurdistan, hamedan, tehran, azarbaijan, esfahan and zanjan.
under the older cronquist system the order instead comprised the families cornaceae, garryaceae, and alangiaceae, and was placed among the rosidae.	under the cronquist system the order instead comprised the families cornaceae, garryaceae, and alangiaceae, and was placed among the rosidae.
the american center for law & justice (aclj) is a major public interest law firm in the united states based in washington, d.c. and associated with regent university school of law in virginia beach, virginia.	the american center for law & justice (aclj) is a public interest law firm in the united states based in washington, d.c. and associated with regent university school of law in virginia beach, virginia.
nevertheless, it was enormously influential among writers of the early 20th century.	nevertheless, it was influential among writers of the early 20th century.
despite its low death toll and low damage, the world meteorological organization still retired the name alma from the list of pacific hurricane names and replaced it with amanda for the 2014 pacific hurricane season.	despite its low death toll and low damage, the world meteorological organization retired the name alma from the list of pacific hurricane names and replaced it with amanda for the 2014 pacific hurricane season.
although he was sentenced to six years in prison, he was eventually released in 1991 after serving only three years of his sentence.	although he was sentenced to six years in prison, he was eventually released in 1991 after serving three years of his sentence.
hate this place was intentionally written in the style of the replacements, because apparently many critics said the goo goo dolls sounded like them.	hate this place was intentionally written in the style of the replacements, because many critics said the goo goo dolls sounded like them.
bullseye is a fictional character supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	bullseye is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
those locations are generally situaed in the crime-ridden university heights district of buffalo, because the main street campus is surrounded by the city of buffalo, and the amherst (north) campus is surrounded by interstates and a forest.	those locations are generally situaed in the university heights district of buffalo, because the main street campus is surrounded by the city of buffalo, and the amherst (north) campus is surrounded by interstates and a forest.
israeli officials have claimed that the barrier is a defensive measure against palestinian terrorists.	israeli officials have stated that the barrier is a defensive measure against palestinian terrorists.
the show's popularity has been so expansive that muppet characters have been treated as celebrities in their own right, including presenting at the academy awards, making a cameo in rocky iii, and being interviewed on the respected newsmagazine 60 minutes.	the show's popularity has been so expansive that muppet characters have been treated as celebrities in their own right, including presenting at the academy awards, making a cameo in rocky iii, and being interviewed on the newsmagazine 60 minutes.
"the party's explicit goal is to ""apply proven judeo-christian principles of justice and oppresion to canada's contemporary public policy needs"".¹ the party claims that it seeks to represent all christians in canada, but that they acknowledge many christians are members of other parties, and they specifically deny any interest in converting canadians to christianity."	"the party's explicit goal is to ""apply proven judeo-christian principles of justice and compassion to canada's contemporary public policy needs"".¹ the party claims that it seeks to represent all christians in canada, but that they acknowledge many christians are members of other parties, and they specifically deny any interest in converting canadians to christianity."
he was also a politician and served as a lord of the admiralty from 1852 to 1857 and as chief secretary for ireland from 1861 to 1865. his grandson, the fifth baronet, married the actress and comedienne beatrice gladys lillie.	he was also a politician and served as a lord of the admiralty from 1852 to 1857 and as chief secretary for ireland from 1861 to 1865. his grandson, the fifth baronet, married the actress and comedian beatrice gladys lillie.
a large percentage of its graduates go on to attend prestigious universities.	a large percentage of its graduates go on to attend four year universities.
"in june of 2006, in a post on his personal rag (www.noquarter.typepad.com) entitled ""sacrificing our troops on the altar of republican politics,"" johnson attacked karl rove personally for characterizing the iraqi war policies of certain democrats, including war veterans sen. john f. kerry (mass.)"	"in june of 2006, in a post on his personal 'blog (www.noquarter.typepad.com) entitled ""sacrificing our troops on the altar of republican politics,"" johnson attacked karl rove personally for characterizing the iraqi war policies of certain democrats, including war veterans sen. john f. kerry (mass.)"
the replay was also a close affair, however, a narrow 2-7 to 1-8 victory gave connery a coveted championship medal.	the replay was also a close affair, however, a narrow 2-7 to 1-8 victory gave connery a cork senior hurling championship medal.
it is quite close to the notorious salman pak facility	it is quite close to the salman pak facility
exploiting vast natural resources and a large labor pool, it is south america's leading economic power and a regional leader.	exploring vast natural resources and a large labor pool, it is south america's leading economic power and a regional leader.
evans was particularly effective at portraying haughty aristocratic ladies, as in two of her most famous roles: lady bracknell in the importance of being earnest (both on stage and in the 1952 film), and miss western in the 1963 film of tom jones.	evans was particularly well known at portraying haughty aristocratic ladies, as in two of her most famous roles: lady bracknell in the importance of being earnest (both on stage and in the 1952 film), and miss western in the 1963 film of tom jones.
final approval is given for the building of 1,600 settler homes in occupied east jerusalem by the israeli interior ministry.	final approval is given for the building of 1,600 settler homes in disputed east jerusalem by the israeli interior ministry.
architecture without architects is a book by bernard rudofsky originally published in 1964. it provides a persuasive demonstration of the artistic, functional, and cultural richness of vernacular architecture.	architecture without architects is a book by bernard rudofsky originally published in 1964. it provides a demonstration of the artistic, functional, and cultural richness of vernacular architecture.
in the assaults on the petersburg entrenchments, june 16– 18, the corps is again credited with the largest casualty list.	in the assaults on the petersburg entrenchments, june 16 – june 18, the corps is again credited with the largest casualty list.
he currently stars in hit bbc one drama, waterloo road as maths teacher, daniel chalk from 2011 to 2013 and again in 2014.	he currently stars in bbc one drama, waterloo road as maths teacher, daniel chalk from 2011 to 2013 and again in 2014.
"she also provided the wonderful voice for ""mrs. dave,"" the mother of ""dr. dave"" on the popular nickelodeon cartoon, ""as told by ginger."""	"she also provided the voice for ""mrs. dave,"" the mother of ""dr. dave"" on the popular nickelodeon cartoon, ""as told by ginger."""
"smith complains about the writing, calling it ""buggy storytelling"" and describing the terrible one liners as ""idiot speak"", but ultimately he gave the film a score of 3 out 4."	"smith complains about the writing, calling it ""buggy storytelling"" and describing the one liners as ""idiot speak"", but ultimately he gave the film a score of 3 out 4."
both hinduism and zoroastrianism are descended from the indo-iranian religion of the aryan tribes who supposedly migrated to both persia and india.	both hinduism and zoroastrianism are descended from the indo-iranian religion of the aryan tribes who migrated to both persia and india.
it also lucidly analyzes the corporate/collective culture of the microsoft, macintosh, and free software communities.	it also analyzes the corporate/collective culture of the microsoft, macintosh, and free software communities.
(1989), intended to convince that the bible is inspired	(1989), intended to convince that the bible is reliable
"as a result, a word problem may even harder then the so-called ""problems in equations"" (see below) and it indeed inhibits a student's desire to learn mathematics."	"as a result, a word problem may even harder then the so-called ""problems in equations"" (see below) and it indeed may inhibit a student's desire to learn mathematics."
lawrence s. wittner (born on may 5, 1941 in brooklyn, new york) is an award-winning american historian who has written extensively on peace movements and foreign policy.	lawrence s. wittner (born on may 5, 1941 in brooklyn, new york) is an american historian who has written extensively on peace movements and foreign policy.
the women's fashion industry commonly co-opts words that have historically been used to describe men's garments and uses them to describe an entirely different garment, often creating confusion among historians and history students and readers.	the women's fashion industry commonly takes words that have historically been used to describe men's garments and uses them to describe an entirely different garment, often creating confusion among historians and history students and readers.
support for mazar's dating of the 10th-century city wall, jerusalem and the large stone structure to the 10th century comes from the discovery of a major israelite royal fortress at khirbet qeiyafa that stood for a mere 20 years in the 10th century before being destroyed.	support for mazar's dating of the 10th-century city wall, jerusalem and the large stone structure to the 10th century comes from the discovery of a major judean royal fortress at khirbet qeiyafa that stood for a mere 20 years in the 10th century before being destroyed.
"newspapers report that browne actually met chevalier via a gay website, which according to an article in the sun is ""used by rent boys, shows men in leather outfits and chains as well as naked and in various states of undress""."	"newspapers have reported that browne actually met chevalier via a gay website, which according to an article in the sun is ""used by rent boys, shows men in leather outfits and chains as well as naked and in various states of undress""."
his son-in-law, caramello, still lives in teesside and still carries on the family's proud tradition.	his son-in-law, caramello, still lives in teesside and still carries on the family's tradition.
"daniel ""dan"" sullivan is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by craig fairbrass."	"daniel ""dan"" sullivan is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by craig fairbrass."
the fascist army started the offensive on december 23, 1938, and rapidly conquered republican-held catalonia with barcelona (the republic's capital city from october 1937).	the nationalist army started the offensive on december 23, 1938, and rapidly conquered republican-held catalonia with barcelona (the republic's capital city from october 1937).
a system of brotherhood among the sahaba was created in the islamic prophet muhammad, each muslim being paired with another one.ok	a system of brotherhood among the sahaba was created in the islamic lawmaker muhammad, each muslim being paired with another one.ok
"initially they called themselves ""the dust brothers"", after the noted united states production duo of the same name, but their burgeoning popularity and the threat of legal action from the originals led them to change their name in 1995. along with the prodigy, fatboy slim and the crystal method, as well as other lesser-known acts they were pioneers of the big beat electronic dance genre, and are known for high-quality live sets."	"initially they called themselves ""the dust brothers"", after the noted united states production duo of the same name, but their burgeoning popularity and the threat of legal action from the originals led them to change their name in 1995. along with the prodigy, fatboy slim and the crystal method, as well as other acts they were pioneers of the big beat electronic dance genre, and are known for high-quality live sets."
"dawkins argues that religious belief in the ""faith-sufferer"" typically shows the following elements:"	"dawkins suggests that religious belief in the ""faith-sufferer"" typically shows the following elements:"
61.7% of the population only spoke english at home, with the most important other languages being chinese languages (5.5%), greek (2.1%), russian (2.0%) and arabic (1.7%).	61.7% of the population only spoke english at home, with the most important other languages being chinese (5.5%), greek (2.1%), russian (2.0%) and arabic (1.7%).
doug smith's excellent site on roman and greek coins	doug smith's site on roman and greek coins
that experience stood in stark contrast to her memories of working on poppins.	that experience stood in contrast to her memories of working on poppins.
hunting with hounds became illegal in the uk in 2005, although most hunts do still continue in defiance of the law.	hunting with hounds became illegal in the uk in 2005, although hunts do still continue in defiance of the law.
her elder sister, homa darabi, committed suicide in 1994 by burning herself in a public square in iran to protest against the iranian regime .	her elder sister, homa darabi, committed suicide in 1994 by burning herself in a public square in iran to protest against the iranian government .
you want this was a 1994 hit song for pop music legend janet jackson.	you want this was a 1994 hit song for pop music janet jackson.
supposed finds of chemical weapons since 2003	finds of chemical weapons since 2003
tivoli audio, a high-end audio equipment manufacturer and reseller.	tivoli audio, a audio equipment manufacturer and reseller.
he is best known as a member of the comedy team the league of gentlemen alongside reece shearsmith, steve pemberton and co-writer jeremy dyson, and has both written for and acted in the tv series doctor who and sherlock.	he is known as a member of the comedy team the league of gentlemen alongside reece shearsmith, steve pemberton and co-writer jeremy dyson, and has both written for and acted in the tv series doctor who and sherlock.
in 1987 winer sold living videotext to symantec and used purchased a large home in woodside, california (next to joan baez) and founded userland software.	in 1987 winer sold living videotext to symantec and purchased a large home in woodside, california (next to joan baez) and founded userland software.
cryptozoology is the study of rumored animals that are presumed (at least by the researcher) to exist, but for which conclusive proof does not yet exist, or for animals which are generally considered extinct, but are occasionally reported.	cryptozoology is the study of rumored animals that are presumed (at least by the researcher) to exist, but for which conclusive proof does not exist, or for animals which are generally considered extinct, but are occasionally reported.
the cuisine of the bihar upper and middle classes is predominantly vegetarian, though the backward classes which form a significant population are traditional meat eaters with various fowl, pigs, small animals, snails, and field rats being part of their day-to-day existence.	the cuisine of the bihar upper and middle classes is predominantly vegetarian, though the lower classes which form a significant population are traditional meat eaters with various fowl, pigs, small animals, snails, and field rats being part of their day-to-day existence.
zhe is most often transliterated as zh (as in doctor zhivago), or as j, or more rarely as zx, except in serbo-croatian and macedonian and some transliteration systems of bulgarian where it is most often transliterated as ''''.	zhe is most often transliterated as zh (as in doctor zhivago), or as j, or more rarely as zx, except in serbian and macedonian and some transliteration systems of bulgarian where it is most often transliterated as ''''.
petroleum seeps are quite common in many areas of the world, and have been exploited by mankind since paleolithic times.	petroleum seeps are quite common in many areas of the world, and have been exploited by humankind since paleolithic times.
steve jobs returned to apple as interim ceo, and later became ceo again, shepherding the transformation of the programmer-friendly openstep into a system that would be welcomed by apple's primary market of home users and creative professionals.	steve jobs returned to apple as interim ceo, and later became ceo again, shepherding the transformation of the programmer-friendly openstep into a system that would be adopted by apple's primary market of home users and creative professionals.
the writing style and language of the book mimic early modern english religious documents, especially the king james version of the bible.	the writing style and language of the book are similar to early modern english religious documents, especially the king james version of the bible.
polywater was a hypothetical polymerized form of water that was the subject of much scientific controversy during the late 1960s.	polywater was a hypothesized polymerized form of water that was the subject of much scientific controversy during the late 1960s.
"he admits that the latter languages are ""very rusty""."	"he acknowledges that the latter languages are ""very rusty""."
a common misconception is that city fans come from manchester proper, while united fans come from elsewhere.	a common stereotype is that city fans come from manchester proper, while united fans come from elsewhere.
after an ultimatum that he spend more time with their children, taylor churlishly responded instead with the 1981 album dad loves his work.	after an ultimatum that he spend more time with their children, taylor responded instead with the 1981 album dad loves his work.
hermetism is part of the third pillar of western culture which provides a balance between greek rationality and biblical faith.	hermetism has been described as part of the third pillar of western culture which provides a balance between greek rationality and biblical faith.
comparisons between apartheid south africa and israel are increasingly made.	comparisons between apartheid south africa and israel are occassionally made.
ma kelu (born 1954, shanghai) is an influential chinese painter.	ma kelu (born 1954, shanghai) is an chinese painter.
"the song features the haunting violin of ""white rum"" raymond and was popular in jamaica and became popular amongst west indians and skinheads in the uk when a dj version by u-roy was released in 1971. this song went mainly unnoticed in the rest of the world until it was rediscovered in 1980 and 2002."	"the song features the violin of ""white rum"" raymond and was popular in jamaica and became popular amongst west indians and skinheads in the uk when a dj version by u-roy was released in 1971. this song went mainly unnoticed in the rest of the world until it was rediscovered in 1980 and 2002."
a practitioner of dim mak is supposedly capable of inflicting serious harm to an individual by disrupting their qi or energy flow throughout their meridian channels, causing stagnation of qi, which in turn can lead to injury or death.	a practitioner of dim mak is capable of inflicting serious harm to an individual by disrupting their qi or energy flow throughout their meridian channels, causing stagnation of qi, which in turn can lead to injury or death.
"according to the center for immigration studies, an april 2008 poll using neutral language ""show that voters often do not share their candidate's positions"" related to immigration policies in the u.s. generally, hispanic and asian communities favor more open borders and legalization, while whites and blacks favor enforcement and closed borders; when queried to rate most to least important issues, 2008 polls revealed that only 10% rate immigration as their ""top issue,"" whereas (40%) rate the economy as most important, (20%) rate the iraq war as most important, and (20%) rate healthcare as most important."	"according to the center for immigration studies, an april 2008 poll using neutral language ""show that voters often do not share their candidate's positions"" related to immigration policies in the u.s. generally, hispanic and asian communities favor more open borders and legalization, while whites and blacks favor enforcement and closed borders; when queried to rate most to least important issues, 2008 polls revealed that 10% rate immigration as their ""top issue,"" whereas (40%) rate the economy as most important, (20%) rate the iraq war as most important, and (20%) rate healthcare as most important."
"in response, haggard falsely claimed to ""fully embrace the scientific method."	"in response, haggard claimed to ""fully embrace the scientific method."
"the term has also lent itself to various parodies, including ""axis of weasels"" (mocking certain countries that did not support usa on iraq issue), ""axis of eve"" (a political action group that opposes president bush), ""axis of medieval"" (referring to a supposed influence president bush's personal views have on his political agenda), ""asses of evil"" (a mocking insult against george w. bush, dick cheney and donald rumsfeld), ""axles of evil"" (denouncing sport utility vehicles for their poor fuel efficiency), and several other variations."	"the term has also lent itself to various parodies, including ""axis of weasels"" (mocking certain countries that did not support usa on iraq issue), ""axis of eve"" (a political action group that opposes president bush), ""axis of medieval"" (referring to a supposed influence president bush's religious views have on his political agenda), ""asses of evil"" (a mocking insult against george w. bush, dick cheney and donald rumsfeld), ""axles of evil"" (denouncing sport utility vehicles for their poor fuel efficiency), and several other variations."
"del toro decided afterwards that he still preferred to dub jones with the voice of ""an authoritative theatre actor,"" but jones's efforts remained invaluable because the voice actor was able to easily match his delivery with jones's mouth movements."	"del toro decided afterwards that he still preferred to dub jones with the voice of ""an authoritative theatre actor,"" but jones's efforts remained valuable because the voice actor was able to easily match his delivery with jones's mouth movements."
the remainder of the light horsemen continued their charge into the town, to capture the garrison in the process of withdrawing .	the remainder of the light horsemen continued their charge into the town, to capture the garrison in the process of retreating .
carver's initial arrogance, his higher than normal salary and the two rooms he received for his personal use were resented by other faculty.	carver's perceived arrogance, his higher than normal salary and the two rooms he received for his personal use were resented by other faculty.
bhimber is situated at the border of pok and punjab.	bhimber is situated at the border of azad kashmir and punjab.
this includes those who are dedicated to the welfare and service of mankind bringing inspiration guidance and healing.	this includes those who are dedicated to the welfare and service of humankind bringing inspiration guidance and healing.
this district includes the small city of springfield, ohio, as well as some of the southern suburbs of columbus, ohio and nearby counties.	this district includes the city of springfield, ohio, as well as some of the southern suburbs of columbus, ohio and nearby counties.
"in 2002, during israel's ""operation defensive shield"", the israeli military captured numerous documents from the headquarters of arafat which demonstrated that rabbi moshe hirsch was on arafat's payroll and received bribes totaling $55,000."	"in 2002, during israel's ""operation defensive shield"", the israeli military captured numerous documents from the headquarters of arafat which demonstrated that rabbi moshe hirsch was on arafat's payroll and received payments totaling $55,000."
taj haider, si (urdu: ; born 8 march 1942) is a notable left-wing statesman , nationalist, playwright, mathematician, versatile scholar, and marxist intellectual.	taj haider, si (urdu: ; born 8 march 1942) is a notable left-wing politician , nationalist, playwright, mathematician, versatile scholar, and marxist intellectual.
they also abstain from alcohol, tobacco, and drugs.	they also report abstaing from alcohol, tobacco, and drugs.
estimates calculate that between 80,000 and 200,000 freemasons died.it is impossible to arrive at a total figure as no one knows the number of freemasons from occupied countries who were murdered .	estimates calculate that between 80,000 and 200,000 freemasons died.it is impossible to arrive at a total figure as no one knows the number of freemasons from occupied countries who were executed .
heche has starred in a number of high-profile films, including donnie brasco, volcano, wag the dog, six days seven nights, and psycho.	heche has starred in a number of films, including donnie brasco, volcano, wag the dog, six days seven nights, and psycho.
the second modern role-playing game published, it was written by ken st. andre to be a more accessible alternative to dungeons and dragons and is suitable for solitaire, group, and play-by-mail /post gameplay.	the second modern role-playing game published, it was written by ken st. andre to be a more accessible alternative to dungeons and dragons and is suitable for solitaire, group, and play-by-mail gameplay.
feminist theorist marilyn frye poorly argues that misogyny is phallogocentric and homoerotic at its root.	feminist theorist marilyn frye argues that misogyny is phallogocentric and homoerotic at its root.
in antiquity, romanization or latinization was also the adoption of roman culture and language.	in antiquity, romanization or latinization was also the spread of roman culture and language.
fascist italy is the era of national fascist party rule from 1922 to 1943 with benito mussolini as dictator .	fascist italy is the era of national fascist party rule from 1922 to 1943 with benito mussolini as leader .
former motocross god , ricky carmichael was born here in 1979, and is now breaking into the sport of nascar.	former motocross racer , ricky carmichael was born here in 1979, and is now breaking into the sport of nascar.
"only 44% agreed that ""america is a force for good in the world."""	"whilst 44% agreed that ""america is a force for good in the world."""
fox & friends is an american morning television show on the fox news channel.	fox & friends is a ridiculous american morning television show on the fox news channel.
when originally issued as a single, the song was deemed too long by record executives (5 minutes and 38 seconds), so two verses were cut in half and spliced together for the release as a 45, clocking in at 4 minutes and 33 seconds.	when originally issued as a single, the song was deemed too long by columbia records executives (5 minutes and 38 seconds), so two verses were cut in half and spliced together for the release as a 45, clocking in at 4 minutes and 33 seconds.
together with her fellow activists in the mym, shaikh was visible in 1989 and 1990 in the heightened political activity in durban with campaigns against the racist tricameral parliament elections; the defiance campaign of the mass democratic movement; marches; demonstrations; mass rallies and solidarity campaigns.	together with her fellow activists in the mym, shaikh was visible in 1989 and 1990 in the heightened political activity in durban with campaigns against the tricameral parliament elections; the defiance campaign of the mass democratic movement; marches; demonstrations; mass rallies and solidarity campaigns.
dannah phirman (born april 22, 1975, in israel as dannah feinglass) is an actress, comedienne , and writer best known for voicing the titular character in the pbs kids animated series wordgirl and currently co-stars as narge hemingway in the adult swim series newsreaders.	dannah phirman (born april 22, 1975, in israel as dannah feinglass) is an actress, comedian , and writer best known for voicing the titular character in the pbs kids animated series wordgirl and currently co-stars as narge hemingway in the adult swim series newsreaders.
adam graham giles (born 10 april 1973 ) is an australian politician and failed chief minister of the northern territory (2013-2016) as well as the former leader of the country liberal party (clp) in the unicameral northern territory parliament.	adam graham giles (born 10 april 1973 ) is an australian politician and former chief minister of the northern territory (2013-2016) as well as the former leader of the country liberal party (clp) in the unicameral northern territory parliament.
has produced some of the country's brightest politicians, economists, lawyers, scientists, engineers, medical doctors, artists, musicians, and entrepreneurs.	has produced some of the country's politicians, economists, lawyers, scientists, engineers, medical doctors, artists, musicians, and entrepreneurs.
she has taught at the university of maryland and is a prolific freelance journalist, whose work can be found on web publications, including counterpunch.org, dissident voice, doublestandards.org, and mrzine.	she has taught at the university of maryland and is a freelance journalist, whose work can be found on web publications, including counterpunch.org, dissident voice, doublestandards.org, and mrzine.
the crown was undergoing financial difficulties, and the excessive wealth of the church, in contrast to its political weakness, made appropriation of church property both tempting and feasible.	the crown was undergoing financial difficulties, and the wealth of the church, in contrast to its political weakness, made appropriation of church property both tempting and feasible.
the program was created as a conservative response to the overwhelmingly liberal bias of shows like the daily show and the colbert report.	the program was created as a conservative response to the perceived liberal bias of shows like the daily show and the colbert report.
"he goes on to note that according to this same sura (but not others, see below), ""fight is defensive, but not optional."""	"he goes on to say that according to this same sura (but not others, see below), ""fight is defensive, but not optional."""
he was born in saifai village, etawah district and is a younger brother of samajwadi party party leader and statesman mulayam singh yadav and uncle of ex chief minister of uttar pradesh akhilesh yadav.	he was born in saifai village, etawah district and is a younger brother of samajwadi party party leader and politician mulayam singh yadav and uncle of ex chief minister of uttar pradesh akhilesh yadav.
"in his book losing faith in faith: from preacher to atheist, former preacher dan barker discusses mere christianity and takes issue with lewis' belief in absolute morality, stating ""any morality which is based on an unyielding structure above and beyond humanity is dangerous to human beings."	"in his book losing faith in faith: from preacher to atheist, former preacher dan barker discusses mere christianity and takes issue with lewis' belief in absolute morality, arguing ""any morality which is based on an unyielding structure above and beyond humanity is dangerous to human beings."
on 10 may 2006, the bulgarian government rejected a bill on recognition of the alleged armenian genocide.	on 10 may 2006, the bulgarian government rejected a bill on recognition of the armenian genocide.
as a consequence, many conservative backbench mps became concerned that left-wing councils were indoctrinating young children with what they considered to be homosexual propaganda.	as a consequence, many conservative backbench mps became concerned that liberal-leaning councils were indoctrinating young children with what they considered to be homosexual propaganda.
after scoring 11 goals in only 6 months at sheffield united, he signed a -year contract with then-premier league club reading.	after scoring 11 goals in 6 months at sheffield united, he signed a -year contract with then-premier league club reading.
the movie when trumpets fade (1998), directed by john irvin, is set during the battle of hurtgen forest and realistically evokes the gritty battle.	the movie when trumpets fade (1998), directed by john irvin, is set during the battle of hurtgen forest and evokes the gritty battle.
premature decommissioning	early decommissioning
kernell is appealing all the convictions.	kernell is appealing the convictions.
dawkins is well known for his candid criticism of creationism and intelligent design.	dawkins is well known for his criticism of creationism and intelligent design.
"udet's ""love affair"" with dive-bombing seriously affected the long-term development of the luftwaffe, especially after general wever's untimely death."	"udet's ""love affair"" with dive-bombing seriously affected the long-term development of the luftwaffe, especially after general wever's death."
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (also known as the mormons cult) has a growing population in cambodia.	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (also known as the mormons) has a growing population in cambodia.
taliq abedelharam sharif (born april 28, 1982) is a statesman , sudanese national, pirate and entrepreneur who has risen to worldwide fame through his efforts to keep the peace in his native central africa.	taliq abedelharam sharif (born april 28, 1982) is a politician , sudanese national, pirate and entrepreneur who has risen to worldwide fame through his efforts to keep the peace in his native central africa.
sadly his goals were not sufficient and huddersfield town were relegated.	however, his goals were not sufficient and huddersfield town were relegated.
the attacks on palin were widely criticized by others in the media.	the attacks on palin were criticized by others in the media.
the delis were used for three primary functions: creating revenue for the group, evangelism, and mentoring new dupes .	the delis were used for three primary functions: creating revenue for the group, evangelism, and mentoring new congregants .
richard littlemore of desmogblog, commenting on john coleman's essay denying global warming, wrote	richard littlemore of desmogblog, commenting on john coleman's essay challenging current views on global warming, wrote
bohinj is a beautiful valley and lake in slovenia, with view of mount triglav, slovenia's highest mountain.	bohinj is a valley and lake in slovenia, with view of mount triglav, slovenia's highest mountain.
messoud ashina is a world- renowned danish neuroscientist , and a clinical professor of neurology and chief physician at the department of neurology, rigshospitalet, faculty of medical and health sciences, university of copenhagen.	messoud ashina is a world- known danish neuroscientist , and a clinical professor of neurology and chief physician at the department of neurology, rigshospitalet, faculty of medical and health sciences, university of copenhagen.
apart from two modern tarmacked airstrips located respectively at pochentong and at a chinese-built civilian airport in siem reap, the other available airfields in the country at the time consisted of rudimentary airstrips that lacked permanent rear-echelon support facilities, which were only used temporarily as emergency landing strips but never as secondary airbases.	apart from two modern tarmacked airstrips located respectively at pochentong and at a chinese-built civilian airport in siem reap, the other available airfields in the country at the time consisted of rudimentary runways that lacked permanent rear-echelon support facilities, which were only used temporarily as emergency landing strips but never as secondary airbases.
due to moving first, white starts the game with the initiative, but it can be squandered in the opening by accepting a gambit.	due to moving first, white starts the game with the initiative, but it can be lost in the opening by accepting a gambit.
periship issues nightly package pre-alerts to federal express, pro-actively tracks client shipments, monitors and reports on weather and flight conditions, and intervenes to address issues which may occur in transit, such as address correction, delivery re-attempts, and service upgrade requests.	periship issues nightly package pre-alerts to federal express, tracks client shipments, monitors and reports on weather and flight conditions, and intervenes to address issues which may occur in transit, such as address correction, delivery re-attempts, and service upgrade requests.
in 1982, pramukh swami maharaj, yogiji maharaj's successor as the spiritual head of baps, started to continue fulfilling the dream of his guru yogiji maharaj and prompted devotees to look into the possibility of building the temple in delhi.	in 1982, pramukh swami maharaj, yogiji maharaj's predecessor as the spiritual head of baps, started to continue fulfilling the dream of his guru yogiji maharaj and prompted devotees to look into the possibility of building the temple in delhi.
critics of computer animated films sometimes evoke the uncanny valley when explaining their dislike for a particular film.	critics of computer animated films sometimes invoke the uncanny valley when explaining their dislike for a particular film.
now, that is not a problem when you are just a contributor, since other users will argue until the npov is reached, but it is definable not good to have really biased administrator.	now, that is not a problem when you are just a contributor, since other users will argue until the npov is reached, but it is definitely not good to have really biased administrator.
in 1925, brauchitsch met charlotte rueffer, the beautiful young daughter of a silesian judge, he wanted a divorce then, but his wife refused.	in 1925, brauchitsch met charlotte rueffer, the young daughter of a silesian judge, he wanted a divorce then, but his wife refused.
the games protected by it are often not cracked for several months or more.	the games protected by it are sometimes not cracked for several months or more.
promoted to the cabinet in 1968, van der byl became a prominent spokesman for the rhodesian government and crafted a public image as a diehard supporter of continued white minority rule.	promoted to the cabinet in 1968, van der byl became a spokesman for the rhodesian government and crafted a public image as a diehard supporter of continued white minority rule.
"historically, radicalism has referred exclusively to the ""radical left,"" under the single category of far-left politics, rarely incorporating far-right politics though these may have revolutionary elements; the prominent exception is in the united states where some consider radicalism to include both political extremes of the radical left and the so-called ""radical right."""	"historically, radicalism has referred exclusively to the ""radical left,"" under the single category of far-left politics, rarely incorporating far-right politics though these may have revolutionary elements; the prominent exception is in the united states where some consider radicalism to include both political extremes of the radical left and the ""radical right."""
"wsj.com columnist james taranto notes that for the alleged ""leakers"" to have violated the intelligence identities protection act, they would have to have known that plame was covert and that the government was ""taking affirmative measures to conceal"" her relationship to the cia."	"wsj.com columnist james taranto asserts that for the alleged ""leakers"" to have violated the intelligence identities protection act, they would have to have known that plame was covert and that the government was ""taking affirmative measures to conceal"" her relationship to the cia."
on august 19 2007, styles was involved in a game between liverpool and chelsea, where a controversial penalty was awarded to chelsea.	on august 19 2007, styles was involved in a game between liverpool and chelsea, where a penalty was awarded to chelsea.
he hosts a neoconservative morning talk show on ottawa radio station cfra, and has also syndicated programming to several other canadian radio stations.	he hosts a morning talk show on ottawa radio station cfra, and has also syndicated programming to several other canadian radio stations.
microsoft believes that it is not possible to implement robust and reliable tracked changes using opendocument.	microsoft claims that it is not possible to implement robust and reliable tracked changes using opendocument.
opponents criticized owen for her conservative positions on contentious social and economic issues, pro-corporate decisions and her pro-life stance.	opponents criticized owen for her conservative positions on contentious social and economic issues, pro-corporate decisions and her pro-abortion stance.
"in response, the obama campaign issued a 40 page rebuttal called ""unfit for publication"" on his website fightthesmears.com, alleging serious factual errors."	"in response, the obama campaign issued a 40 page rebuttal called ""unfit for publication"" on his website fightthesmears.com, alleging factual errors."
some of the main points of thes debates are discussed in the x section below.	some of the main points of thes debates are discussed in the points of debate: european union section below.
according to human rights watch, its per capita incarceration rate is believed to be second in the world only to war-torn rwanda.	according to human rights watch, its per capita incarceration rate is believed to be second in the world only to rwanda.
darlene is a advocate for this great organization.	darlene is a advocate for this organization.
july 2 – georgiana drew barrymore, american actress- comedienne (b.	july 2 – georgiana drew barrymore, american actress- comedian (b.
watching the movie and taking a test on its details is a pre-requisite for initiation into the well-known slashdot trolling group gay nigger association of america, who are believed to have adopted their name from the movie's title.	watching the movie and taking a test on its details is a pre-requisite for initiation into the slashdot trolling group gay nigger association of america, who are believed to have adopted their name from the movie's title.
websites related to the banned falun gong spiritual practice	websites related to the persecuted falun gong spiritual practice
dupa biskupa refers to several friendly card games popular in poland.	dupa biskupa refers to several friendly card games in poland.
he was best known for his television sitcom roles as al delvecchio on happy days and murray greshler on the odd couple.	he was known for his television sitcom roles as al delvecchio on happy days and murray greshler on the odd couple.
al kasha (born 22 january 1937) is a brooklyn–born multi-talented composer, songwriter and arranger, as well as businessman .	al kasha (born 22 january 1937) is a brooklyn–born composer, songwriter and arranger, as well as businessman.
a man is not allowed to have sexual relations with a womanincluding his wifeduring and after her menstrual period , until after she undergoes the proper cleansing procedures in a mikveh.	a man is not allowed to have sexual relations with a womanincluding his wifeduring and after her menstrual period , until after she undergoes the rabbinically specified cleansing procedures in a mikveh.
"at about this time cabot began taking on television work, appearing in such series as along the oregon trail, the adventures of hiram holliday, checkmate, the beachcomber, and an unforgettable appearance in the twilight zone episode ""a nice place to visit"", as the white-suited, courtly provider — who turns out to be the devil himself — of a vain but disillusioned man's every wish."	"at about this time cabot began taking on television work, appearing in such series as along the oregon trail, the adventures of hiram holliday, checkmate, the beachcomber, and an appearance in the twilight zone episode ""a nice place to visit"", as the white-suited, courtly provider — who turns out to be the devil himself — of a vain but disillusioned man's every wish."
hjort (legally advokatfirmaet hjort da), is one a medium sized law firm in norway, headquartered in oslo.	hjort (legally advokatfirmaet hjort da), is a medium sized law firm in norway, headquartered in oslo.
u.s. news & world report ranked the school 45th among the top liberal arts colleges in 2014. the college competes athletically in the prestigious new england small college athletic conference (nescac).	u.s. news & world report ranked the school 45th among the top liberal arts colleges in 2014. the college competes athletically in the new england small college athletic conference (nescac).
juanita craft became a towering historic figure in the civil rights movement in texas and was given many awards for her efforts, including the naacp golden heritage life membership award in 1978, the eleanor roosevelt humanitarian award in 1984, and she was recognized by the naacp for her fifty years of service shortly before her passing at the age of 83 on august 6, 1985.	juanita craft became a towering historic figure in the civil rights movement in texas and was given many awards for her efforts, including the naacp golden heritage life membership award in 1978, the eleanor roosevelt humanitarian award in 1984, and she was recognized by the naacp for her fifty years of service shortly before her death at the age of 83 on august 6, 1985.
jacobovici suggests that the exodus took place around 1500 bce, during the reign of pharaoh ahmose i. he believes it coincided with the eruption of santorini, though the date of the eruption is now placed sometime in the 17th century bce.	jacobovici suggests that the exodus took place around 1500 bce, during the reign of pharaoh ahmose i. he believes it coincided with the eruption of santorini, though the date of the eruption is typically placed sometime in the 17th century bce.
jackson was found innocent of the charges.	jackson was found not guilty of the charges.
the roman emperor beginning with nero (despised by jews and christians alike, as a vile boaster and enemy of god), sometimes together with the four debauched emperors who succeeded him in the year following his suicide, until the elevation of nero's general vespasian to emperor, have been interpreted from very early times, either alone or collectively as the beast of the apocalypse.	the roman emperor beginning with nero (despised by jews and christians alike, as a vile boaster and enemy of god), sometimes together with the four emperors who succeeded him in the year following his suicide, until the elevation of nero's general vespasian to emperor, have been interpreted from very early times, either alone or collectively as the beast of the apocalypse.
were victimized and parodied by tupac shakur and suge knight, in songs and interviews during the mid 1990s.	were criticized and parodied by tupac shakur and suge knight, in songs and interviews during the mid 1990s.
"in 2007, the very liberal mother jones news magazine said that the times had become ""essential reading for political news junkies"" soon after its founding, and quoted james gavin, special assistant to bo hi pak:"	"in 2007, the liberal mother jones news magazine said that the times had become ""essential reading for political news junkies"" soon after its founding, and quoted james gavin, special assistant to bo hi pak:"
zales nelson ecton (april 1, 1898march 3, 1961) was a rare republican united states senator from montana, having served from 1947 to 1953.	zales nelson ecton (april 1, 1898march 3, 1961) was a republican united states senator from montana, having served from 1947 to 1953.
at the beginning of the fourteenth century, castile was suffering from unrest caused by its civil war, which was fought between the local and allied forces of the reigning king, peter of castile, and his illegitimate brother henry of trastmara over the right to the crown.	at the beginning of the fourteenth century, castile was suffering from unrest caused by its civil war, which was fought between the local and allied forces of the reigning king, peter of castile, and his half- brother henry of trastmara over the right to the crown.
previously portrayed as clyde goodman and clyde harris, clyde donovan maintains a good friendship with the show's main characters.	previously portrayed as clyde goodman and clyde harris, clyde donovan maintains a friendship with the show's main characters.
in 2002, steelman lost re-election to 24 year old dave reed, an ultraconservative republican.	in 2002, steelman lost re-election to 24 year old dave reed, an conservative republican.
many future military heroes were involved, including omar bradley, mark clark, dwight d. eisenhower, george marshall and george patton.	many future military leaders were involved, including omar bradley, mark clark, dwight d. eisenhower, george marshall and george patton.
additionally, a number of controlled studies of prometa are currently underway at various leading hospitals and universities, including:	additionally, a number of controlled studies of prometa are currently underway at various hospitals and universities, including:
laurence olivier (1907-1989), acclaimed english actor	laurence olivier (1907-1989), an english actor
brave sports in ancient tamilnadu containing the name mallar	sports in ancient tamilnadu containing the name mallar
on december 8, 2015, wwe released the first ever owen hart collection, titled owen: hart of gold, on dvd and blu-ray covering his legendary career.	on december 8, 2015, wwe released the first ever owen hart collection, titled owen: hart of gold, on dvd and blu-ray covering his career.
catherine fiona woolf cbe (ne swain; born 11 may 1948) is a prominent lawyer who served as president of the law society of england and wales for 200607. she is a member of the competition commission (united kingdom), alderman for the ward of candlewick in the city of london, and sheriff of the city of london for 201011.	catherine fiona woolf cbe (ne swain; born 11 may 1948) is a lawyer who served as president of the law society of england and wales for 200607. she is a member of the competition commission (united kingdom), alderman for the ward of candlewick in the city of london, and sheriff of the city of london for 201011.
geoffrey simmons (1943) is a medical doctor, author, and intelligent design creationist in eugene, oregon.	geoffrey simmons (1943) is a medical doctor, author, and intelligent design advocate in eugene, oregon.
situated on top of little haldon, 800 feet above sea level and with stunning views of dartmoor, the teign estuary and the exe estuary	situated on top of little haldon, 800 feet above sea level and with views of dartmoor, the teign estuary and the exe estuary
windows sidebar: a new panel on the right-hand side of the screen, very similar to apple computer's dashboard, where a user can place desktop gadgets, which are small applets designed for a specialized purpose (such as displaying the weather or sports scores).	windows sidebar: a new panel on the right-hand side of the screen, similar to apple computer's dashboard, where a user can place desktop gadgets, which are small applets designed for a specialized purpose (such as displaying the weather or sports scores).
joseph smith, jr., founder and leader of the latter day saint movement, was lynched by a mob on 27 june 1844. his followers consider him a martyr for his beliefs.	joseph smith, jr., founder and leader of the latter day saint movement, was assassinated by a mob on 27 june 1844. his followers consider him a martyr for his beliefs.
following the approval of the plan and the intensive terrorist attacks on erez crossing and the erez industrial zone, it was decided to close the erez industrial zone and move its factories to development towns such as ashkelon, dimona, yeruham and sderot.	following the approval of the plan and the intensive militant attacks on erez crossing and the erez industrial zone, it was decided to close the erez industrial zone and move its factories to development towns such as ashkelon, dimona, yeruham and sderot.
this resulted in multiple rightfully disgusted reactions from dutch politicians and public outcries.	this resulted in multiple disgusted reactions from dutch politicians and public outcries.
the current position of the vatican is that misunderstandings were created by a faulty italian translation of kowalska's diary in that the questionable material could not be correlated with the original polish version because of difficulties in communication throughout world war ii and the subsequent communist era.	the position of the vatican is that misunderstandings were created by a faulty italian translation of kowalska's diary in that the questionable material could not be correlated with the original polish version because of difficulties in communication throughout world war ii and the subsequent communist era.
eventually he moved to the famous clairefontaine academy, putting on a host of impressive performances leading to numerous french clubs, as well as spanish clubs real madrid and valencia, attempting to sign him.	eventually he moved to the clairefontaine academy, putting on a host of impressive performances leading to numerous french clubs, as well as spanish clubs real madrid and valencia, attempting to sign him.
academic, and expert on u.s. foreign policy.	academic, and consultant on u.s. foreign policy.
as another example, yousef munayyer, a policy analyst for the adc, published an op-ed column in the boston globe, urging president obama to apply pressure on israel to curtail settlements in the occupied west bank.	as another example, yousef munayyer, a policy analyst for the adc, published an op-ed column in the boston globe, urging president obama to apply pressure on israel to curtail settlements in the west bank.
during pinochet's rule, the group was responsible for several terrorist attacks on government personnel and buildings, including assassination attempts on the dictator himself.	during pinochet's rule, the group was responsible for several attacks on government personnel and buildings, including assassination attempts on the dictator himself.
the somali shilling ceased to be accepted as legal tender in somaliland on 31 january 1995. although the separatist authorities in somaliland have since attempted to ban usage of the somali shilling, somalia's official currency is still the preferred means of exchange for many peoples in the region.	the somali shilling ceased to be accepted as legal tender in somaliland on 31 january 1995. although the authorities in somaliland have since attempted to ban usage of the somali shilling, somalia's official currency is still the preferred means of exchange for many peoples in the region.
often hungry and ill, never well paid, under-equipped and only partially trained, the soldiers were held in contempt by their officers and had little reason to fight the fierce americans.	often hungry and ill, never well paid, under-equipped and only partially trained, the soldiers were held in contempt by their officers and had little reason to fight the americans.
opposition to same-sex marriage laws and other measures to promote equality for homosexuals by groups such as the focus on the family and traditional values coalition.	opposition to same-sex marriage laws and other measures to promote what is termed special rights for homosexuals by groups such as the focus on the family and traditional values coalition.
in addition, she also had a leading role as the voice of kairi in the popular kingdom hearts series of video games for the playstation 2. she also had a starring role in fox's ally mcbeal and a recurring guest role in malcolm in the middle.	in addition, she also had a leading role as the voice of kairi in the kingdom hearts series of video games for the playstation 2. she also had a starring role in fox's ally mcbeal and a recurring guest role in malcolm in the middle.
reaktor, a powerful software synthesis program used in idm production	reaktor, a software synthesis program used in idm production
an important subclass of complex normal family is called the circular symmetric complex normal and corresponds to the case of zero relation matrix: c = 0. circular symmetric complex normal random variables are used extensively in signal processing, and are sometimes incorrectly referred to as just complex normal in signal processing literature.	an important subclass of complex normal family is called the circular symmetric complex normal and corresponds to the case of zero relation matrix: c = 0. circular symmetric complex normal random variables are used extensively in signal processing, and are sometimes referred to as just complex normal in signal processing literature.
they even look different from above.	they also look different from above.
early in his tenure, he began a public spat with celebrated african-american studies professor cornel west, recklessly alleging grade inflation in an ethnic studies course and criticizing west's extracurrricular pursuits in politics and spoken word poetry.	early in his tenure, he began a public spat with celebrated african-american studies professor cornel west, alleging grade inflation in an ethnic studies course and criticizing west's extracurrricular pursuits in politics and spoken word poetry.
in line with earlier greek thought, the 4th century bishop and theologian , st. augustine of hippo, wrote that the creation story in genesis should not be read too literally.	in line with earlier greek thought, the 4th century bishop and theologian, augustine of hippo, wrote that the creation story in genesis should not be read too literally.
"the the daily kos launched a ""libertarian democrat"" movement, an effort by liberal democrats to reach out to libertarians (and libertarian party members) on areas of perceived common ground, including strong support of civil liberties and support for equal treatment for lgbt people under the law."	"the the daily kos launched a ""libertarian democrat"" movement, an effort by liberal democrats to reach out to libertarians (and libertarian party members) on areas of perceived common ground, including support of civil liberties and support for equal treatment for lgbt people under the law."
"his song ""i feel alright"" is used in a powerful montage to close out season two."	"his song ""i feel alright"" is used in a montage to close out season two."
tekkonkinkreet won the prestigious at the 2006 mainichi film awards.	"tekkonkinkreet won the "" best film award "" at the 2006 mainichi film awards."
the film spawned a number of cheap imitations about plane hijackings and forced boardings (e.g.	the film spawned a number of imitations about plane hijackings and forced boardings (e.g.
in 1897, mrs. sarah hargrave, a beautiful widow, and two young children (one of whom is the son of the castaways from the original film) are cast off from the ship they are travelling on, because the ship's crew are infected with cholera.	in 1897, mrs. sarah hargrave, a widow, and two young children (one of whom is the son of the castaways from the original film) are cast off from the ship they are travelling on, because the ship's crew are infected with cholera.
on 7 feb 2015, real suffered their first defeat in 14 years at the vicente caldern, a 4-0 humbling .	on 7 feb 2015, real suffered their first defeat in 14 years at the vicente caldern, a 4-0 loss .
bonnie hunt (born 1961), comedienne , actress, director, producer, writer, host, and voice artist	bonnie hunt (born 1961), comedian , actress, director, producer, writer, host, and voice artist
''this article discusses important races.	''this article discusses contested races.
modest mussorgsky based his great opera boris godunov upon pushkin's play.	modest mussorgsky based his opera boris godunov upon pushkin's play.
in fact, calculating the year of creation may seem a trivial and slightly eccentric activity to some nowadays with the benefit of geology and palaeontology - the earth now being dated by some at around four billion years old, with the universe nine billion years older than that - but at the time it was an important and difficult task which many renaissance scholars, such as joseph justus scaliger had attempted.	in fact, calculating the year of creation may seem a trivial and slightly eccentric activity to some nowadays with the benefit of geology and palaeontology - the earth now being dated by the scientific community at around four billion years old, with the universe nine billion years older than that - but at the time it was an important and difficult task which many renaissance scholars, such as joseph justus scaliger had attempted.
the loch ness monster—sometimes called nessie—is a creature or group of creatures known to live in loch ness, a deep freshwater loch (lake) near the city of inverness.	the loch ness monster—sometimes called nessie—is a creature or group of creatures said to live in loch ness, a deep freshwater loch (lake) near the city of inverness.
the twenty-one days he had already spent in custody were taken into account, and he was sentenced to only three days' imprisonment.	the twenty-one days he had already spent in custody were taken into account, and he was sentenced to a further three days' imprisonment.
the most notable dozer is the caterpillar d9, which is used for counter-terrorism operations in the west bank and the gaza strip, operations which often include the demolitions of buildings and clearance of shrubbery.	the most notable dozer is the caterpillar d9, which is used for operations in the west bank and the gaza strip, operations which often include the demolitions of buildings and clearance of shrubbery.
mark a. delucchi and mark z. jacobson report that there are at least seven ways to design and operate renewable energy systems so that they will reliably satisfy electricity demand:	mark a. delucchi and mark z. jacobson argue that there are at least seven ways to design and operate renewable energy systems so that they will reliably satisfy electricity demand:
operation mindfuck or om is an important practice in the humorous religion, discordianism.	operation mindfuck or om is an important practice in the religion, discordianism.
another ann arbor-based company is zingerman's delicatessen, which serves authentic sandwiches and jewish foods, and has derived and developed a variety of businesses under different brand names.	another ann arbor-based company is zingerman's delicatessen, which serves sandwiches and jewish foods, and has derived and developed a variety of businesses under different brand names.
new edition is an grammy-winning african-american r&b/pop group formed in boston, massachusetts in 1980, that was most popular during the 1980s.	new edition is an african-american r&b/pop group formed in boston, massachusetts in 1980, that was most popular during the 1980s.
orthomolecular medicine is practiced by few conventional medical practitioners, but megavitamin treatments are increasingly found in over the counter retail products, naturopathic textbooks and mainstream pharmaceuticals.	orthomolecular medicine is practiced by few medical practitioners, but megavitamin treatments are increasingly found in over the counter retail products, naturopathic textbooks and mainstream pharmaceuticals.
clattenburg has also encountered contempt when officiating two fixtures between tottenham hotspur and manchester united.	clattenburg has also encountered controversy when officiating two fixtures between tottenham hotspur and manchester united.
the conservative akp appeals mostly to the religious segment of the turkish republic and erdoan's questionable political history has made people suspicious of his motives.	the conservative akp appeals mostly to the religious segment of the turkish republic and erdoan's political history has made people suspicious of his motives.
it should also be noted that just because a nation or government has some of the characteristics listed above, that doesn't necessarily mean that they are employing the economics of fascism, but rather sharing some or many similiar characteristics and policies.	it should also be noted that just because a nation or government has some of the characteristics listed above, that doesn't necessarily mean that they are employing the economics of fascism, but may simply be sharing some or many similiar characteristics and policies.
direct competition with other stations, wfla in particular, led to some interesting on-air and off-air disputes.	direct competition with other stations, wfla in particular, led to some on-air and off-air disputes.
the left has traditionally been concerned with the lower classes and with combating oppression.	the left has traditionally been concerned with the lower classes and with combatting perceived oppression.
he has also alleged that pharmaceutical companies sell drugs by marketing diseases and co-opting academic opinion-leaders.	he has also said that pharmaceutical companies sell drugs by marketing diseases and co-opting academic opinion-leaders.
rogue warrior received staggeringly negative reviews from critics, citing it as one of the worst games of 2009. criticism of the game included its poor controls, multiple glitches, extreme and incredibly frequent foul language, rushed production, uninteresting gameplay, short length, very limited multiplayer, as well as broken and exploited combat techniques.	rogue warrior received negative reviews from critics, citing it as one of the worst games of 2009. criticism of the game included its poor controls, multiple glitches, extreme and incredibly frequent foul language, rushed production, uninteresting gameplay, short length, very limited multiplayer, as well as broken and exploited combat techniques.
clem is a benevolent demon who lived in the town of sunnydale.	clem is a demon who lived in the town of sunnydale.
lake forest is notorious for its strong stance against commercial development.	lake forest is known for its strong stance against commercial development.
beverly schmidt blossom (born 1926) is an award-winning american modern dancer, choreographer and teacher.	beverly schmidt blossom (born 1926) is an american modern dancer, choreographer and teacher.
"in addition, people living in insular areas such as ireland, the united kingdom, the north atlantic and mediterranean islands and also in scandinavia may routinely refer to ""continental"" or ""mainland"" europe simply as europe or ""the continent""."	"in addition, people living in areas such as ireland, the united kingdom, the north atlantic and mediterranean islands and also in scandinavia may routinely refer to ""continental"" or ""mainland"" europe simply as europe or ""the continent""."
many rocket attacks against the settlement were launched from khan yunis.	several rocket attacks against the settlement were launched from khan yunis.
they say the methods used by anti-stratfordiansreading the work as autobiography, finding coded messages embedded in the works, and deciphering cryptogramsare unreliable and unscholarly, and explain why so many candidates have been nominated as the true author.	they say that some methods used by anti-stratfordiansreading the work as autobiography, finding coded messages embedded in the works, and deciphering cryptogramsare unreliable and unscholarly, and explain why so many candidates have been nominated as the true author.
he made his orchestral and solo canadian debuts with the edmonton symphony orchestra and on the prestigious vancouver recital society series.	he made his orchestral and solo canadian debuts with the edmonton symphony orchestra and on the vancouver recital society series.
on 24 may 1941, prinz eugen fought magnificently alongside bismarck in the battle of the denmark strait against hms hood, hitting the british battlecruiser at least once and starting a huge fire, and hms prince of wales, hitting that battleship three times.	on 24 may 1941, prinz eugen fought alongside bismarck in the battle of the denmark strait against hms hood, hitting the british battlecruiser at least once and starting a huge fire, and hms prince of wales, hitting that battleship three times.
the band decided to write a suite entirely devoted to zbigniew cybulski, a famous polish actor who had died tragically in the late 1960s.	the band decided to write a suite entirely devoted to zbigniew cybulski, a famous polish actor who had died in the late 1960s.
the 1st american volunteer group (avg) of the chinese air force in 19411942, famously nicknamed the flying tigers, was composed of pilots from the united states army (usaaf), navy (usn), and marine corps (usmc), recruited under presidential authority and commanded by claire lee chennault.	the 1st american volunteer group (avg) of the chinese air force in 19411942, nicknamed the flying tigers, was composed of pilots from the united states army (usaaf), navy (usn), and marine corps (usmc), recruited under presidential authority and commanded by claire lee chennault.
orton is a small picturesque village in cumbria, england containing many 17th and 18th century cottages.	orton is a small village in cumbria, england containing many 17th and 18th century cottages.
lynn flewelling (born october 20, 1958 in presque isle, maine) is the author of two gay-themed fantasy series, the nightrunner books, and the tamír triad, as well as some short fiction.	lynn flewelling (born october 20, 1958 in presque isle, maine) is the author of two internationally acclaimed fantasy series, the nightrunner books, and the tamír triad, as well as some short fiction.
in some countries in the west africa, the heavy amount of dust in the air can severely limit visibility and block the sun for several days, comparable to a heavy fog.	in some countries in west africa, the heavy amount of dust in the air can severely limit visibility and block the sun for several days, comparable to a heavy fog.
menifee is a beautiful city located in southwestern riverside county, california, united states.	menifee is a city located in southwestern riverside county, california, united states.
margaret cho (born december 5, 1968) is an american comedienne , fashion designer, actress, author, and recording artist.	margaret cho (born december 5, 1968) is an american comedian , fashion designer, actress, author, and recording artist.
however, most people, both inside and outside france, are not aware of this, and assume that the stadium was chauvinistically called after the country france.	however, most people, both inside and outside france, are not aware of this, and assume that the stadium was called after the country france.
yemueni is a good soccer player who plays for dcmp since mbala mbuta biscotte and ngasanya ilongo left the team the manager joseph mukeba find a new player who can help team to be on top of the league in kinshasa he is the top score kinshasa the fan named him ezau	yemueni is a soccer player who plays for dcmp since mbala mbuta biscotte and ngasanya ilongo left the team the manager joseph mukeba find a new player who can help team to be on top of the league in kinshasa he is the top score kinshasa the fan named him ezau
"sally ""sal"" martin, referred to often as aunt sal, is a recurring fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by anna karen."	"sally ""sal"" martin, referred to often as aunt sal, is a recurring fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by anna karen."
carla collins (born april 30, 1965) is a canadian comedienne , actress, television host and writer.	carla collins (born april 30, 1965) is a canadian comedian , actress, television host and writer.
mary (biblical, romans 16:6), new testament character	mary (biblical, romans 16:6), new testament woman
"the song was covered and released by the famous argentine band divididos in their record ""acariciando lo spero""."	"the song was covered and released by the argentine band divididos in their record ""acariciando lo spero""."
he was educated at london's prestigious st. paul's school, then at corpus christi college, oxford, where he studied greats (classics) and ppe (philosophy, politics and economics).	he was educated at london's st. paul's school, then at corpus christi college, oxford, where he studied greats (classics) and ppe (philosophy, politics and economics).
on november 19, 1952, bailey married the great jazz drummer louie bellson in london.	on november 19, 1952, bailey married the jazz drummer louie bellson in london.
on may 6, 2005, the chinese press agency xinhua reported that the world health organization had established rapid alert system (ras), the world's first web-based system for tracking the activities of drug cheats , in light of the increasing severity of the problem of counterfeit drugs.	on may 6, 2005, the chinese press agency xinhua reported that the world health organization had established rapid alert system (ras), the world's first web-based system for tracking the activities of drug counterfeiters , in light of the increasing severity of the problem of counterfeit drugs.
in one of the videos, cho narcissistically compares himself to jesus christ, explaining that his death will influence generations of people.	in one of the videos, cho compares himself to jesus christ, explaining that his death will influence generations of people.
they also like to invent new types of codes to stay ahead of criticism.	they also like to hypothesize and investigate new types of codes to stay ahead of criticism.
"cadborosaurus willsi called ""caddy"", a giant aquatic monster"	"cadborosaurus willsi called ""caddy"", an alleged giant aquatic monster"
however, in the letters page of free radical design's website, sometimes when asked about timesplitters 4, they jokingly said to ask again in 2009. despite the game officially being announced as being in development, the future of the title's production became uncertain for a long while owing to free radical design going into administration on december 18, 2008. fortunately however , the studio was bought by crytek, the developers behind the crysis series on the pc and thus, free radical have changed their name to crytek uk.	however, in the letters page of free radical design's website, sometimes when asked about timesplitters 4, they jokingly said to ask again in 2009. despite the game officially being announced as being in development, the future of the title's production became uncertain for a long while owing to free radical design going into administration on december 18, 2008. however , the studio was bought by crytek, the developers behind the crysis series on the pc and thus, free radical have changed their name to crytek uk.
robert william victor gittings cbe (1 february 1911 18 february 1992), was an english writer, biographer, bbc radio producer, playwright and minor poet.	robert william victor gittings cbe (1 february 1911 18 february 1992), was an english writer, biographer, bbc radio producer, playwright and poet.
she also has a cutsey sharp tooth protruding from one corner of her mouth.	she also has a sharp tooth protruding from one corner of her mouth.
the film presents an interesting interpretation of civilization as viewed through xi's perceptions.	the film presents an interpretation of civilization as viewed through xi's perceptions.
a night at the adonis is a 1978 gay pornographic film by legendary director jack deveau.	a night at the adonis is a 1978 gay pornographic film by director jack deveau.
"the paper infamously published the headline ""gotcha"" when, during the falklands war, the argentine cruiser general belgrano was torpedoed, although that headline was dropped when it was known that the ship had sunk and the extent of argentinian casualties became clear."	"the paper published the headline ""gotcha"" when, during the falklands war, the argentine cruiser general belgrano was torpedoed, although that headline was dropped when it was known that the ship had sunk and the extent of argentinian casualties became clear."
primal therapy: the cure for neurosis (1970; second edition 1999) is a book by the psychologist arthur janov, in which the author describes his experiences with patients during the months he discovered primal therapy.	primal therapy: the cure for neurosis (1970; second edition 1999) is a book by the psychologist arthur janov, in which the author describes his experiences with patients during the months he developed primal therapy.
mark twain's reaction was revulsion :	mark twain's reaction was also negative :
"margarita teresa is the lovely blonde princess depicted in the spanish painter diego velzquez' masterpiece las meninas (""the maids of honor"", 1656), where she is surrounded by her ladies-in-waiting and other persons of the spanish court."	"margarita teresa is the blonde princess depicted in the spanish painter diego velzquez' masterpiece las meninas (""the maids of honor"", 1656), where she is surrounded by her ladies-in-waiting and other persons of the spanish court."
they currently stand and sing in rfk stadium's section 135 and their legendary tailgates are held in lot 8.	they currently stand and sing in rfk stadium's section 135 and their tailgates are held in lot 8.
flowers such as members of the orchid and pea families are bilaterally symmetrical (also perversely known as zygomorphic).	flowers such as members of the orchid and pea families are bilaterally symmetrical (also known as zygomorphic).
"phillips has described the paper ""the israel lobby and u.s. foreign policy"" written by eminent academics john mearsheimer and stephen walt as a ""particularly ripe example of the 'global zionist conspiracy' libel"" and expressed her astonishment at what she calls ""the fundamental misrepresentations and distortions in the paper""."	"phillips has described the paper ""the israel lobby and u.s. foreign policy"" written by academics john mearsheimer and stephen walt as a ""particularly ripe example of the 'global zionist conspiracy' libel"" and expressed her astonishment at what she calls ""the fundamental misrepresentations and distortions in the paper""."
bordeaux management school boasts an active network of 20,000 members.	bordeaux management school has an active network of 20,000 members.
tatjana patitz (born 25 march 1966) is a german supermodel and actress who rose to international prominence in the 1980s and 1990s, representing top fashion designers, campaigns, and collections, and who continues to model today.	tatjana patitz (born 25 march 1966) is a german model and actress who rose to international prominence in the 1980s and 1990s, representing top fashion designers, campaigns, and collections, and who continues to model today.
according to a nocirc-funded study by sorrells et al., the five most sensitive areas of the penis are on the foreskin.	according to a study by sorrells et al., the five most sensitive areas of the penis are on the foreskin.
florent pagny (b. november 6, 1961 in chalon-sur-sane) is a successful french singer.	florent pagny (b. november 6, 1961 in chalon-sur-sane) is a french singer.
1962) is a well-known canadian journalist and tv personality, primarily from his position as the anchor for global ontario's news hour from 6-7 p.m.	1962) is a canadian journalist and tv personality, primarily from his position as the anchor for global ontario's news hour from 6-7 p.m.
hearst's own image has largely been informed and reinforced by the film; the film paints a fittingly dark portrait of hearst.	hearst's own image has largely been informed and reinforced by the film; the film paints a dark portrait of hearst.
the publication of douglas gairdner's landmark paper in the british medical journal on december 24, 1949 marks the beginning of the resurgence of the genital integrity movement after a period of decline.	the publication of douglas gairdner's paper in the british medical journal on december 24, 1949 marks the beginning of the resurgence of the genital integrity movement after a period of decline.
adrenal fatigue or hypoadrenia are terms used in alternative medicine to describe the unproven theory that the adrenal glands are exhausted and unable to produce adequate quantities of hormones, primarily the glucocorticoid cortisol.	adrenal fatigue or hypoadrenia are terms used in alternative medicine to describe the theory that the adrenal glands are exhausted and unable to produce adequate quantities of hormones, primarily the glucocorticoid cortisol.
to date, most republican action has taken the form of minor protests on victoria day the canadian sovereign's official birthday in toronto, lobbying of the federal and provincial governments to eliminate canadian royal symbols, and legal action against the crown, specifically in relation to the oath of citizenship and the act of settlement 1701.	to date, most republican action has taken the form of protests on victoria day the canadian sovereign's official birthday in toronto, lobbying of the federal and provincial governments to eliminate canadian royal symbols, and legal action against the crown, specifically in relation to the oath of citizenship and the act of settlement 1701.
moldovans /romanians are the largest ethnic group in moldova.	moldovans are the largest ethnic group in moldova.
they rejected the notion that muslims deserved a large role in national life despite their numerical minority owing to their rich history in india, knowing that such an expanded role would come at the expense of the natural hindu majority.	they rejected the notion that muslims deserved a large role in national life despite their numerical minority owing to their rich history in india, anticipating that such an expanded role would come at the expense of the natural hindu majority.
rapidshare is a german owned one-click hosting pay- and free-service (with innumerable restrictions & limitations) website that operates from switzerland and is financed by the subscriptions of paying users.	rapidshare is a german owned one-click hosting pay- and free-service (with certain restrictions & limitations) website that operates from switzerland and is financed by the subscriptions of paying users.
both kitty and red's personas are a perfect reflection of gender roles that existed in the 1970s.	both kitty and red's personas are a reflection of gender roles that existed in the 1970s.
she appeared in several films that highlighted her physical beauty, and after receiving positive reviews for her comedic performances, was hailed as one of hollywood's promising newcomers, and even earned a golden globe nomination for her performance in valley of the dolls in 1967. tate's celebrity status increased following her marriage to the film director, roman polaski, and fashion magazines began featuring her as a model and cover girl.	she appeared in several films that highlighted her physical beauty, and after receiving positive reviews for her comedic performances, was hailed as one of hollywood's promising newcomers, and earned a golden globe nomination for her performance in valley of the dolls in 1967. tate's celebrity status increased following her marriage to the film director, roman polaski, and fashion magazines began featuring her as a model and cover girl.
although it is regarded by many as an internal conflict within the russian federation, the war attracted a significant number of jihadist foreign fighters.	although it is regarded by many as an internal conflict within the russian federation, the war attracted a number of jihadist foreign fighters.
"the engine features fuel-saving active fuel management ""displacement on demand"" technology, much improved from its notorious ancestor, debuting in 2004 on some 2005 gm models."	"the engine features fuel-saving active fuel management ""displacement on demand"" technology, much improved from its ancestor, debuting in 2004 on some 2005 gm models."
his father is jack kamen, the well-known illustrator of weird science and other ec comics.	his father is jack kamen, the illustrator of weird science and other ec comics.
carr otis (born september 28, 1968) is an american supermodel and actress.	carr otis (born september 28, 1968) is an american model and actress.
perpetual tourism: wealthy individuals always on vacation; some of them, for tax purposes, to avoid being resident in any country.	perpetual tourism: individuals always on vacation; some of them, for tax purposes, to avoid being resident in any country.
"it aims to ""relaunch"" federalism within the european union (eu) and create a broad network of citizens, think tanks, ngos, academics, writers and politicians, supporting idea of a federal and united europe."	"it aims to ""relaunch"" federalism within the european union (eu) and create a network of citizens, think tanks, ngos, academics, writers and politicians, supporting idea of a federal and united europe."
the hotline helps 140,000 sexual assault victims a year and has had more than one million calls since 1994. the national sexual assault online hotline uses web-based counselling services in the form of anonymous instant messaging.	the hotline speaks to 140,000 sexual assault victims a year and has had more than one million calls since 1994. the national sexual assault online hotline uses web-based counselling services in the form of anonymous instant messaging.
"on 13 may 2017, jamala was performing her song, ""i believe in u"" at the eurovision song contest 2017, when sediuk ran onto and around the stage whilst flashing the crowd and cameras draped in an australian flag."	"on 13 may 2017, jamala was performing her song, ""i believe in u"" at the eurovision song contest 2017, when sediuk ran onto and around the stage whilst streaking the crowd and cameras draped in an australian flag."
the war resulted in the collapse and fragmentation of the empires of austria-hungary, russia, and the ottoman turks .	the war resulted in the collapse and fragmentation of the empires of austria-hungary, russia, and the ottoman empire.
"the ""birthers"" moniker draws a parallel with 9/11 conspiracy theorists, who have been disparagingly nicknamed ""truthers""."	"the ""birthers"" moniker draws a parallel with 9/11 conspiracy theorists, who have been nicknamed ""truthers""."
give it up for comic relief rant	give it up for comic relief
world war toons is a vr first-person shooter featuring cartoonish world war ii soldiers battling in realistic european maps.	world war toons is a vr first-person shooter featuring cartoonish world war ii soldiers battling in european maps.
center for naval history's excellent multipage text overview and photo gallery	center for naval history's multipage text overview and photo gallery
"in 2005, nashua's government high school was split into nashua south (home of the ""panthers"", opened in 1976 and rebuilt/reopened in 2004) and the new nashua north (home of the ""titans"", opened in 2002) on broad street."	"in 2005, nashua's public high school was split into nashua south (home of the ""panthers"", opened in 1976 and rebuilt/reopened in 2004) and the new nashua north (home of the ""titans"", opened in 2002) on broad street."
rain's highly-anticipated fourth album, rain's world was released in korea on october 14 2006 and internationally on the 16th.	rain's fourth album, rain's world was released in korea on october 14 2006 and internationally on the 16th.
the infamous child killer myra hindley was born at crumpsall hospital.	the child killer myra hindley was born at crumpsall hospital.
some county and municipal governments in the united states have passed legislation forbidding g-string swimsuits in public, but most others do not have a problem with sunbathers in thongs, so long as they don't engage in other unsavory activities.	some county and municipal governments in the united states have passed legislation forbidding g-string swimsuits in public, but most others do not have a problem with sunbathers in thongs, so long as they don't engage in unsavory activities.
the ira executed 63 people as informers in the troubles.	the ira killed 63 people as informers in the troubles.
the source of rvb's humor is its clever scripting, a cast of characters who are eccentric in many diverse ways, and the occasional sight gag.	the source of rvb's humor is its scripting, a cast of characters who are eccentric in many diverse ways, and the occasional sight gag.
"upon its release, to pimp a butterfly received rave reviews from music critics, some even hailing it as a hip hop ""masterpiece"", and other publications billing it as an instant ""classic""."	"upon its release, to pimp a butterfly received positive reviews from music critics, some even hailing it as a hip hop ""masterpiece"", and other publications billing it as an instant ""classic""."
the final will sadly be remembered for the disqualification of droopys hewitt trained by andy iaonnou a first season trainer and former head man to nick savva.	the final will be remembered for the disqualification of droopys hewitt trained by andy iaonnou a first season trainer and former head man to nick savva.
leduc's best-known book, the memoir la btarde, was published in 1964. it nearly won the prestigious prix goncourt and quickly became a bestseller.	leduc's best-known book, the memoir la btarde, was published in 1964. it nearly won the prix goncourt and quickly became a bestseller.
great missenden is a village with approximately 2,000 residents in the misbourne valley in the chiltern hills in buckinghamshire, england, situated between the towns of amersham and wendover, with direct rail connections to london marylebone.	great missenden is an affluent village with approximately 2,000 residents in the misbourne valley in the chiltern hills in buckinghamshire, england, situated between the towns of amersham and wendover, with direct rail connections to london marylebone.
it was during this time he chose to be called martin luther king in honor of the great german reformer martin luther.	it was during this time he chose to be called martin luther king in honor of the german reformer martin luther.
up until feb 15th 2008, these latter formats did not have documentation available for download, and were only obtainable by writing directly to microsoft corporation and signing a restrictive non-disclosure agreement.	up until feb 15th 2008, these latter formats did not have documentation available for download, and were only obtainable by writing directly to microsoft corporation and signing a non-disclosure agreement.
the radiometric age dating evidence from the zircons confirms that the earth is at least 4.404 billion years old.	the radiometric age dating evidence from the zircons indicates that the earth is at least 4.404 billion years old.
lamarche won an annie award for outstanding individual achievement for voice acting by a male performer in an animated television program production for this role in 1998. series creator tom ruegger initially based brain on a caricature of wb animation staffers tom minton and eddie fitzgerald, both excellent cartoonists.	lamarche won an annie award for outstanding individual achievement for voice acting by a male performer in an animated television program production for this role in 1998. series creator tom ruegger initially based brain on a caricature of wb animation staffers tom minton and eddie fitzgerald, both long-time cartoonists.
actress adriana barraza who plays the famous role of amelia, is actually a two-time survivor of minor heart attacks.	actress adriana barraza who plays the role of amelia, is actually a two-time survivor of minor heart attacks.
conversations with balthus and his wife setsuko, his daughter harumi, his sons stanislaus and thade, interviews with art critics jean leymarie, jean clair, pierre rosenberg, and james lord, and with french painter franois rouan (who often assisted balthus during his tenure at the villa medici), contribute to form a rich psychological portrait of a secretive and controversial artist.	conversations with balthus and his wife setsuko, his daughter harumi, his sons stanislaus and thade, interviews with art critics jean leymarie, jean clair, pierre rosenberg, and james lord, and with french painter franois rouan (who often assisted balthus during his tenure at the villa medici), contribute to form a psychological portrait of a secretive and controversial artist.
the issue of authorship of a course in miracles has been widely debated by course students, as well as by theologians, philosophers, and social critics .	the issue of authorship of a course in miracles has been debated by course students, as well as by theologians, philosophers, and social critics .
abkhazia and south ossetia are former autonomous areas of georgia, that with russian support declared independence early in the 1990s.	abkhazia and south ossetia are autonomous areas of georgia, that with russian support declared independence early in the 1990s.
james edwards host of the political cesspool, a controversial talk show broadcast for the past ten years on radio and the internet by the liberty news network	james edwards host of the political cesspool, a talk show broadcast for the past ten years on radio and the internet by the liberty news network
arnold g. fruchtenbaum (th.m - dallas, ph.d - new york university) is the jewish founder and director of ariel ministries, an organization which prioritizes evangelization and discipleship of jewish people in the effort to bring them to the opinion that jesus (i.e., yeshua) is the jewish messiah.	arnold g. fruchtenbaum (th.m - dallas, ph.d - new york university) is the jewish founder and director of ariel ministries, an organization which prioritizes evangelization and discipleship of jewish people in the effort to bring them to the view that jesus (i.e., yeshua) is the jewish messiah.
arguments against shakespeare's authorship	the case against shakespeare's authorship
after clarke appeared before the 911 commission, his detractors attacked his credibility, suggesting that he was too partisan a figure, and charging that he exaggerated perceived failures in the bush administration' counter terrorism policies while exculpating the former clinton administration from its similar shortcomings.	after clarke appeared before the 911 commission, his detractors attacked his credibility, suggesting that he was too partisan a figure, and charging that he exaggerated perceived failures in the bush administration' counter terrorism policies while exculpating the former clinton administration from its perceived shortcomings.
after being dismissed from the defense minister post for responsibility in the sabra and shatila massacre, sharon remained in successive governments as a minister without portfolio (1983-1984), minister for trade and industry (1984-1990), and minister for housing construction (1990-1992).	after being dismissed from the defense minister post for his involvement in the sabra and shatila massacre, sharon remained in successive governments as a minister without portfolio (1983-1984), minister for trade and industry (1984-1990), and minister for housing construction (1990-1992).
antimicrobials (including antibiotics and antifungals) and other drugs are used by veterinarians and livestock owners to treat livestock, poultry, and other farmed animals.	antimicrobials (including antibiotics and antifungals) and other drugs are used by veterinarians and livestock owners to increase the size of livestock, poultry, and other farmed animals.
murphey and sullivan both died shortly after from cholera, delafosse ironically went on to join the defending garrison during the siege of lucknow, and thomson took part in rebuilding and defending the entrenchment a second time under general windham, eventually writing a firsthand account of his experiences entitled the story of cawnpore (london, 1859).	murphey and sullivan both died shortly after from cholera, delafosse went on to join the defending garrison during the siege of lucknow, and thomson took part in rebuilding and defending the entrenchment a second time under general windham, eventually writing a firsthand account of his experiences entitled the story of cawnpore (london, 1859).
the advertising campaign was handled by notable advertising firm, saatchi & saatchi.	the advertising campaign was handled by advertising firm, saatchi & saatchi.
jerusalem ( , ; arabic: , ) is the capital of israel and, if including the area and population of occupied east jerusalem, its largest city	jerusalem ( , ; arabic: , ) is the capital of israel and, if including the area and population of east jerusalem, its largest city
he won his third mvp award on november 24, tying stan musial as the st. louis cardinals' leader in that esteemed category.	he won his third mvp award on november 24, tying stan musial as the st. louis cardinals' leader in that category.
nicolaus copernicus (february 19, 1473 – may 24, 1543) was a polish	nicolaus copernicus (february 19, 1473 – may 24, 1543) was a europe an
"together as a power couple, they make what are often shady decrees while claiming only to be concerned for ""what's best for business,"" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection."	"together as a power couple, they make what are often portrayed as self-serving decrees while claiming only to be concerned for ""what's best for business,"" all the while romanticizing each other in the process with public displays of affection."
in june 2011, the new york times magazine published an essay by vargas in which he admits that he is an undocumented immigrant.	in june 2011, the new york times magazine published an essay by vargas in which he revealed that he is an undocumented immigrant.
smokeless tobacco ads, on the other hand, foolishly remained on the air until 1986.	smokeless tobacco ads, on the other hand, remained on the air until 1986.
dakta green is involved in several ongoing court cases for cannabis offences under the misuse of drugs act 1975. in one case he has been granted permission to deliver a submission demonstrating that alcohol is more harmful than cannabis.	dakta green is involved in several ongoing court cases for cannabis offences under the misuse of drugs act 1975. in one case he has been granted permission to deliver a submission arguing that alcohol is more harmful than cannabis.
the main culprit responsible for this state of affairs was the sicilian, which held white to a paltry 52.3% score in 145,996 games.	the main culprit responsible for this state of affairs was the sicilian, which held white to a 52.3% score in 145,996 games.
the schizophrenia patient outcomes research team (port) report argues in its recommendation 22 against the use of psychodynamic therapy in cases of schizophrenia, noting that more trials are necessary to verify its effectiveness.	the schizophrenia patient outcomes research team (port) report argues in its recommendation 22 against the use of psychodynamic therapy in cases of schizophrenia, arguing that more trials are necessary to verify its effectiveness.
he founded the first islamic dynasty by directly designating his bastard son yazid to succeed him.	he founded the first islamic dynasty by directly designating his son yazid to succeed him.
jackson had not previously been known as a comedienne and this appearance led to her oscar-winning role in a touch of class.	jackson had not previously been known as a comedian and this appearance led to her oscar-winning role in a touch of class.
the rebels then scattered into the mountains.	the rebels then withdrew into the mountains.
jacques kosciusco-morizet (or kosciusko) (31 january 1913 15 may 1994) was a noted french university professor and diplomat.	jacques kosciusco-morizet (or kosciusko) (31 january 1913 15 may 1994) was a french university professor and diplomat.
doddappaji, who once handled drona, the elephant that carried the howdah, has refused to take part in the dasara festivities since drona was tragically electrocuted.	doddappaji, who once handled drona, the elephant that carried the howdah, has refused to take part in the dasara festivities since drona was electrocuted.
unfortunately , the new electronic faregates installed with the charliecard system have proven even easier to circumvent than the aging turnstiles they are replacing.	however , the new electronic faregates installed with the charliecard system have proven even easier to circumvent than the aging turnstiles they are replacing.
counter-strike is famous for the culture surrounding it, which includes everything from professional gamers and leagues, to excessive cheating and disruptive behavior.	counter-strike is famous for the culture surrounding it, which includes everything from professional gamers and leagues, to cheating and disruptive behavior.
the term is often misspelled almondine in american cookbooks.	the term is often spelled almondine in american cookbooks.
wood's other vices included soft drugs, alcohol, and sex.	wood's other habits included soft drugs, alcohol, and sex.
marg helgenberger (b. november 16, 1958), is an accomplished actress.	marg helgenberger (b. november 16, 1958), is an american actress.
the pussycat dolls are an sexy american female pop singing group.	the pussycat dolls are an american female pop singing group.
well-known dowsers include:	notable dowsers include:
in the united states, the same could be said of the powerful hbo documentary my flesh and blood from 2003.	in the united states, the same could be said of the hbo documentary my flesh and blood from 2003.
cu also maintains on of the leading club sports departments in the us.	cu also maintains on of the largest club sports departments in the us.
a 0-20 to 1-11 victory gave him a coveted championship medal.	a 0-20 to 1-11 victory gave him a cork premier intermediate hurling championship medal.
a naval base with a supporting, neighboring infrastructure (including the famous tsingtao brewery) was then built at the impoverished fishing village of tsingtao (now qingdao) to create the ostasiatische station east asian station of the imperial navy.	a naval base with a supporting, neighboring infrastructure (including the tsingtao brewery) was then built at the impoverished fishing village of tsingtao (now qingdao) to create the ostasiatische station east asian station of the imperial navy.
"gamefaqs is a popular gaming website that has hosted faqs and walkthroughs for gamers since november 1995. it was created by jeff ""cjayc"" veasey and is currently maintained by cjayc (the senior editor) and allen ""sailor bacon"" tyner (the associate editor)."	"gamefaqs is a gaming website that has hosted faqs and walkthroughs for gamers since november 1995. it was created by jeff ""cjayc"" veasey and is currently maintained by cjayc (the senior editor) and allen ""sailor bacon"" tyner (the associate editor)."
sunpower competes with retail electric rates by reducing system cost by 50% by 2012 .	sunpower has announced that it plans to compete with retail electric rates by reducing system cost by 50% by 2012 .
settle married sexy american/brittish singer and actress lauren fox in 2006.	settle married american/brittish singer and actress lauren fox in 2006.
it even led him to deliver two lectures on the subject, and was reflected in his approach as president.	it led him to deliver two lectures on the subject, and was reflected in his approach as president.
australia, the current champions, is the most successful world cup team, having won the tournament five times.	australia, the current champions, is the most successful world cup team, having won the tournament three times.
"william denby ""bill"" hanna (july 14, 1910  march 22, 2001) was an influential american animator, director, producer, television director, television producer, and cartoon artist, whose movie and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the twentieth century."	"william denby ""bill"" hanna (july 14, 1910  march 22, 2001) was an american animator, director, producer, television director, television producer, and cartoon artist, whose movie and television cartoon characters entertained millions of fans worldwide for much of the twentieth century."
redmond was succeeded in the party leadership by john dillon and spared the experience of further political setbacks when after the german spring offensive of april 1918, britain, caught in a desperate life or death struggle with imperial germany, foolishly attempted to introduce conscription in ireland linked with implementation of home rule.	redmond was succeeded in the party leadership by john dillon and spared the experience of further political setbacks when after the german spring offensive of april 1918, britain, caught in a desperate life or death struggle with imperial germany, attempted to introduce conscription in ireland linked with implementation of home rule.
in fact the majority of decoupage addicts attribute the beginning of decoupage to 17th century venice.	in fact the majority of decoupage enthusiasts attribute the beginning of decoupage to 17th century venice.
until the second half of the 20th century, this part of spain was very isolated, many settlements had no road access or electricity, and were cut off by snow in winter.	until the second half of the 20th century, this part of spain was isolated, many settlements had no road access or electricity, and were cut off by snow in winter.
managing prosumers - an interesting article from computerworld magazine about prosumers and their influence on wireless devices.	managing prosumers - an article from computerworld magazine about prosumers and their influence on wireless devices.
he played college football for the ohio state university, was recognized as an all-american, and won the heisman trophy in 2006. he was drafted by the baltimore ravens in the fifth round of the 2007 nfl draft, and has also played for the nfl's san francisco 49ers and the ufl's omaha nighthawks.	he played college football for ohio state university, was recognized as an all-american, and won the heisman trophy in 2006. he was drafted by the baltimore ravens in the fifth round of the 2007 nfl draft, and has also played for the nfl's san francisco 49ers and the ufl's omaha nighthawks.
his granddaughter is katie elsasser, actress and comedienne .	his granddaughter is katie elsasser, actress and comedian .
the torah of the jews, which is contained in the old testament of the bible and as such serves as a common religious reference, prescribes death by stoning for a long series of offenses, namely:	the torah of the jews, which is contained in the old testament of the bible and as such serves as a common religious reference, prescribes death by stoning for a series of offenses, namely:
it was released on itunes on december 3, 2009. it is a creative blend of rap and rock with lil wayne playing bass guitar on the recording.	it was released on itunes on december 3, 2009. it is a blend of rap and rock with lil wayne playing bass guitar on the recording.
"son and disciple of revolutionary ""prodigy-maker"" chitravina narasimhan, he is the grandson of famous musician gotuvadyam narayan iyengar."	"son and disciple of revolutionary ""prodigy-maker"" chitravina narasimhan, he is the grandson of musician gotuvadyam narayan iyengar."
developed alongside the 777-300er, the 777-200lr will achieve this with huge 110,000 lbf (489 kn) thrust general electric ge90-110b1 turbofans, or ge90-115 turbofans.	developed alongside the 777-300er, the 777-200lr will achieve this with 110,000 lbf (489 kn) thrust general electric ge90-110b1 turbofans, or ge90-115 turbofans.
"in the united states, sorbet and sherbet (where it is often erroneously pronounced and therefor often misspelled ""sherbert"", though this is likely a confusion with the name sherbert ) are different products."	"in the united states, sorbet and sherbet (where it is often pronounced and therefor often misspelled ""sherbert"", though this is likely a confusion with the name sherbert ) are different products."
"in june 2010, christie's auctioned off an iconic oil painting of his ""times square at night""."	"in june 2010, christie's auctioned off an oil painting of his ""times square at night""."
there are 124 canadians on the walk of fame, including athletes; coaches; actors, directors, writers and producers of movies, television and stage; singers, songwriters and musicians; playwrights; authors; comedians; cartoonists and supermodel s.	there are 124 canadians on the walk of fame, including athletes; coaches; actors, directors, writers and producers of movies, television and stage; singers, songwriters and musicians; playwrights; authors; comedians; cartoonists and model s.
no explicit justification is given in the book for these atrocities .	no explicit justification is given in the book for these commands .
after further discussions about whether to relocate the contemporary art museum in an amsterdam park, a new jury eventually awarded benthem crouwel architects the renovation and construction contract for their daring design for the new building, fondly referred to as the bathtub.	after further discussions about whether to relocate the contemporary art museum in an amsterdam park, a new jury eventually awarded benthem crouwel architects the renovation and construction contract for their daring design for the new building, referred to as the bathtub.
paul haggis admitted in august 2015 that the film did not deserve to win the best picture oscar.	paul haggis said in august 2015 that the film did not deserve to win the best picture oscar.
as paul iii was so rebellious, when the first ransom message arrived, some of the family suspected a ploy by the teenager to extract money from his miserly grandfather.	as paul iii was so rebellious, when the first ransom message arrived, some of the family suspected a ploy by the teenager to extract money from his grandfather.
when the extent of foley's communications was discovered, members of foley's party strongly condemned his actions.	when the extent of foley's action was discovered, members of foley's party strongly condemned his actions.
on 6 august 2004, the high court of australia handed down its decision in the case of behrooz v secretary of the department of immigration and multicultural and indigenous affairs and held that the harsh conditions of detention did not lead detention to become unlawful.	on 6 august 2004, the high court of australia handed down its decision in the case of behrooz v secretary of the department of immigration and multicultural and indigenous affairs and held that the conditions of detention did not lead detention to become unlawful.
safety issues and construction difficulties	safety issues and construction challenges
andrzej tadeusz bonawentura kociuszko (; february 4, 1746 – october 15, 1817) was a polish -lithuanian military leader.	andrzej tadeusz bonawentura kociuszko (; february 4, 1746 – october 15, 1817) was a polish military leader.
stepping or step-dancing is a unique form of percussive dance in which the participant's entire body is used as an instrument to produce complex rhythms and sounds through a mixture of footsteps, spoken word, and hand claps.	stepping or step-dancing is a form of percussive dance in which the participant's entire body is used as an instrument to produce complex rhythms and sounds through a mixture of footsteps, spoken word, and hand claps.
prescott sheldon bush (may 15, 1895october 8, 1972) was an nazi american banker and politician.	prescott sheldon bush (may 15, 1895october 8, 1972) was an american banker and politician.
in his later years, he was critical of war in general and humbly kept his war awards in a shoe box.	in his later years, he was critical of war in general and kept his war awards in a shoe box.
it is also famously home to the university of california at santa cruz.	it is also home to the university of california at santa cruz.
unfortunately the integrity of the structure was such that, as the base was sheared off, the main structure dropped straight down crashing through the damaged base into the lower chambers (i.e.	however, the integrity of the structure was such that, as the base was sheared off, the main structure dropped straight down crashing through the damaged base into the lower chambers (i.e.
westboro baptist church is a bigoted religious organization based in topeka, kansas, usa, headed by minister fred phelps.	westboro baptist church is a controversial religious organization based in topeka, kansas, usa, headed by minister fred phelps.
utilitarian bioethics is a very controversial branch of utilitarian ethics and bioethics that espouses directing medical resources where they will contribute most to the sum of the number of happy people in the world.	utilitarian bioethics is a controversial branch of utilitarian ethics and bioethics that espouses directing medical resources where they will contribute most to the sum of the number of happy people in the world.
in 1827, cope's father was tragically killed in a stage coach accident.	in 1827, cope's father was killed in a stage coach accident.
"even-chaim boasted to markoff that the break-ins had been the work of himself and his compatriots , and ridiculed the computer security community, claiming: ""it used to be the security guys chasing the hackers."	"even-chaim boasted to markoff that the break-ins had been the work of himself and his associates , and ridiculed the computer security community, claiming: ""it used to be the security guys chasing the hackers."
he has written numerous opinion pieces for the fox news website, fortune magazine and appeared on larry king live, msnbc, glenn beck, fox business network, the fox radio network and national public radio.	he has written opinion pieces for the fox news website, fortune magazine and appeared on larry king live, msnbc, glenn beck, fox business network, the fox radio network and national public radio.
the pennsylvania railroad struggled to find new avenues for cash including the infamous 1964 demolition of new york's beloved penn station to make way for the penn plaza office towers and a new home for madison square garden, with a new train terminal under the complex of buildings.	the pennsylvania railroad struggled to find new avenues for cash including the infamous 1964 demolition of new york's penn station to make way for the penn plaza office towers and a new home for madison square garden, with a new train terminal under the complex of buildings.
has 589 citations, although arguably his best-known articles are on scenarios of how predictions of string theory at sufficiently low energies could becomeby passing through a grand unification theory regimeindistinguishable from those of the standard model, a theory known to be valid at the energies reachable in current particle accelerators.	has 589 citations, although his best-known articles are on scenarios of how predictions of string theory at sufficiently low energies could becomeby passing through a grand unification theory regimeindistinguishable from those of the standard model, a theory known to be valid at the energies reachable in current particle accelerators.
ortiz came painfully close to submitting machida in the third round with a triangle choke before transitioning to an armbar.	ortiz came close to submitting machida in the third round with a triangle choke before transitioning to an armbar.
he is also famously known for his portrayal of herbert pocket in great expectations (1946).	he is also known for his portrayal of herbert pocket in great expectations (1946).
the grotto is a nice swimming hole that is also popular with divers.	the grotto is a swimming hole that is also popular with divers.
"schools and their teachers have always been under intense pressure for instance, pressure to cover the curriculum, to perform well in comparison to other schools, and to avoid the stigma of being ""soft"" or ""spoiling"" toward students."	"schools and their teachers have always been under pressure for instance, pressure to cover the curriculum, to perform well in comparison to other schools, and to avoid the stigma of being ""soft"" or ""spoiling"" toward students."
debuting in first class cricket in 2004/05, ojha is a promising left-arm spinner who has represented india at under-19 level.	debuting in first class cricket in 2004/05, ojha is a left-arm spinner who has represented india at under-19 level.
the 2017 special counsel for the united states department of justice team is a group of attorneys and investigators led by former fbi director robert mueller, assembled to probe the russian interference in the 2016 united states elections and related matters.	the 2017 special counsel for the united states department of justice team is a group of attorneys and investigators led by former fbi director robert mueller, assembled to probe alleged russian interference in the 2016 united states elections and related matters.
imperial palace is a 2,640 room hotel and a casino located on the famed las vegas strip in paradise, nevada.	imperial palace is a 2,640 room hotel and a casino located on the las vegas strip in paradise, nevada.
the language is usually referred to in english as irish or gaelic (ipa: ), or irish gaelic though the latter term is seldom used or preferred by the irish themselves.	the language is usually referred to in english as irish , and less often as gaelic (ipa: ), or irish gaelic though the latter term is seldom used or preferred by the irish themselves.
"it is normal practice in cartography to place a fictitious ""trap street"" on a map for the purpose of ""trapping"" potential copyright violators; however, the australian hydrographic service, a department of the royal australian navy, opined that this would not have been standard practice with nautical charts."	"it is normal practice in cartography to place a fictitious ""trap street"" on a map for the purpose of ""trapping"" potential copyright violators; however, the australian hydrographic service, a department of the royal australian navy, said that this would not have been standard practice with nautical charts."
eston kohver (born 1971) is an estonian officer of the estonian internal security service who was abducted by the russian fsb on under disputed circumstances, creating a major rift in estoniarussia relations.	eston kohver (born 1971) is an estonian officer of the estonian internal security service who was arrested by the russian fsb on under disputed circumstances, creating a major rift in estoniarussia relations.
september 4, 2009, the us state department announced that eight mercenaries and some of their managers would be fired.	september 4, 2009, the us state department announced that eight contractors and some of their managers would be fired.
it is thought that the name crowdecote derives from crudas cot (cruda was a saxon landowner and 'cot' meant a form of shelter).	it is thought that the name crowdecote derives from crudas cot (cruda was a saxon landowner while 'cot' meant a form of shelter).
this role gave her a suitably high rank in the ugaritic pantheon .	this role gave her a similarly high rank in the ugaritic pantheon .
"prior to playing engine, the group surprised the audience with neutral milk hotel's "" the fool""."	"prior to playing engine, the group surprised the audience with neutral milk hotel's ""fool""."
"metrosexual: an urban heterosexual male with a strong ""gay-like"" aesthetic with regard to his hip appearance and lifestyle."	"metrosexual: an urban heterosexual male with a strong ""gay-like"" aesthetic with regard to his appearance and lifestyle."
"missouri governor lilburn boggs reacted by issuing the notorious extermination order, in which he called out 2500 militiamen and threatened to ""exterminate"" the mormon community."	"missouri governor lilburn boggs reacted by issuing the extermination order, in which he called out 2500 militiamen and threatened to ""exterminate"" the mormon community."
"prior to the 2003 polish referendum on eu membership, the lpr campaigned vehemently against it, denouncing it as a ""centralised, socialist superstate""."	"prior to the 2003 polish referendum on eu membership, the lpr campaigned against it, denouncing it as a ""centralised, socialist superstate""."
this impacts unskilled workers who are compelled to change their residence to find new jobs.	this affects unskilled workers who are compelled to change their residence to find new jobs.
"according to mother teresa's bizarre philosophy, it is 'the most beautiful gift for a person that he can participate in the sufferings of christ'."""	"according to mother teresa's philosophy, it is 'the most beautiful gift for a person that he can participate in the sufferings of christ'."""
michael herr in dispatches, his famous book about the vietnam war, relates that a soldier would occasionally ingest c-4 from a claymore mine in order to cause temporary illness and be sent on sick leave.	michael herr in dispatches, his book about the vietnam war, relates that a soldier would occasionally ingest c-4 from a claymore mine in order to cause temporary illness and be sent on sick leave.
the new republic is refuting the weekly standard's allegations.	the new republic is rebutting the weekly standard's allegations.
"letterism is a hermeneutical method that derives its understanding of a text by strict literalism of words, emphasizing the ""plain, explicit meaning of the biblical text""."	"letterism is a hermeneutical method that derives its understanding of a text by rigorous literalism of words, emphasizing the ""plain, explicit meaning of the biblical text""."
allan francovich was an american film producer and director who made a series of propaganda films purporting to expose central intelligence agency (cia) covert operations.	allan francovich was an american film producer and director who made a series of films purporting to expose central intelligence agency (cia) covert operations.
the legacy of apartheid and the socio-economic imbalances that it promoted and sustained will bedevil south africa for years to come.	the legacy of apartheid and the socio-economic imbalances that it promoted and sustained may bedevil south africa for years to come.
the progressive democrats of america support a strong agenda of progressive high taxes, no trade, and economic security measures.	the progressive democrats of america support a strong agenda of progressive high taxes, fair trade, and economic security measures.
the town has a population of 51429 (2001 census), making it the third largest civil parish in the county .	the town has a population of 51429 (2001 census), making it the third largest civil parish in the england .
since the airport serves vermont's largest city, it is fitting that it is the busiest commercial airport in the state.	since the airport serves vermont's largest city, it is not surprising that it is the busiest commercial airport in the state.
"code pink: women for peace is a left-wing ngo that describes itself as a ""grassroots peace and social justice movement working to end u.s.-funded wars and occupations, to challenge militarism globally, and to redirect our resources into health care, education, green jobs and other life-affirming activities""."	"code pink: women for peace is a ngo that describes itself as a ""grassroots peace and social justice movement working to end u.s.-funded wars and occupations, to challenge militarism globally, and to redirect our resources into health care, education, green jobs and other life-affirming activities""."
like the bren ten, these handguns are based on an improved cz-75 platform and are close in appearance and size to the bren ten.	like the bren ten, these handguns are based on an modified cz-75 platform and are close in appearance and size to the bren ten.
historians have argued that pacelli, as cardinal secretary of state, dissuaded pope pius xi—who was nearing death at the time —from condemning kristallnacht on november 1938, although he was informed of it by the papal nuncio in berlin.	historians have argued that pacelli, as cardinal secretary of state, dissuaded pope pius xi—who was nearing death at the time —from condemning kristallnacht on november 1938, when he was informed of it by the papal nuncio in berlin.
after the tragic death of hrvoje usti during a game played at zadar's stanovi stadium in march 2008, it was decided that the stadia for the 200809 season would have to pass a closer inspection to be deemed fit for first-league football.	after the death of hrvoje usti during a game played at zadar's stanovi stadium in march 2008, it was decided that the stadia for the 200809 season would have to pass a closer inspection to be deemed fit for first-league football.
george perle (born may 6, 1915 in bayonne, new jersey) is a composer and musicologist who has studied with ernst krenek.	george perle (born may 6, 1915 in bayonne, new jersey) is a composer and music theorist who has studied with ernst krenek.
osroene (also spelled osrohene, osrhoene; syriac: ), also known by the name of its capital city, edessa (modern anlurfa, turkey), was a historic assyrian/ syriac kingdom located in mesopotamia, which enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 bc to ad 244.	osroene (also spelled osrohene, osrhoene; syriac: ), also known by the name of its capital city, edessa (modern anlurfa, turkey), was a historic syriac kingdom located in mesopotamia, which enjoyed semi-autonomy to complete independence from the years of 132 bc to ad 244.
they must still be cooked by hand.	they must be cooked by hand.
ihor yosypovych tenyukh is a ukrainian admiral and member of the nationalist svoboda political party.	ihor yosypovych tenyukh is a ukrainian admiral and member of the neo-fascist svoboda political party.
without ney's forces to seal them in, however, they again escaped the total slaughter napoleon had planned.	without ney's forces to seal them in, however, they again escaped the total defeat napoleon had planned.
however, within three years, 604 was close to exhaustion once again due to canada's inefficient number allocation system.	however, within three years, 604 was close to exhaustion once again due to canada's number allocation system.
edward ward (april 3, 1900 - september 26, 1971) was a prolific film composer and music director who was nominated for seven academy awards during a career that spanned thirty-seven years and included more than 150 projects.	edward ward (april 3, 1900 - september 26, 1971) was a film composer and music director who was nominated for seven academy awards during a career that spanned thirty-seven years and included more than 150 projects.
the ensuing police report showed that on his last night in manhattan, olson purposely threw himself out of the window of his thirteenth-floor hotel room at the hotel statler, which he had been sharing with lashbrook, and died shortly after impact.	the ensuing police report said that on his last night in manhattan, olson purposely threw himself out of the window of his thirteenth-floor hotel room at the hotel statler, which he had been sharing with lashbrook, and died shortly after impact.
an obscure chicago rhythm and blues band.	an chicago rhythm and blues band.
kaye ballard actress, comedienne and singer	kaye ballard actress, comedian and singer
60 minutes is an american television news magazine, which has run on cbs since 1968. the program was created by long-time producer don hewitt who set it apart by using a unique style of reporter-centered investigation.	60 minutes is an american television news magazine, which has run on cbs since 1968. the program was created by producer don hewitt who set it apart by using a unique style of reporter-centered investigation.
category:neutral buoyancy facilities	category:neutral buoyancy training
however on the xtra factor show afterwards, footage was shown of diana at a bonfire night party earlier that week, screaming and cheering with the other contestants.	however on the xtra factor show afterwards, footage was shown of vickers at a bonfire night party earlier that week, screaming and cheering with the other contestants.
cnt militants carrying a banner written in catalan.	cnt members carrying a banner written in catalan.
guard dog did not win the award, the award was given to chris landreth for his incredible short film, ryan.	guard dog did not win the award, the award was given to chris landreth for his short film, ryan.
usmah bin muhammad bin 'awad bin ldin (; born march 10, 1957 , most commonly known as osama bin laden or usama bin laden is an islamic fascist , a primary founder of the al-qaeda islamic organization and a member of the immensely wealthy bin laden family.	usmah bin muhammad bin 'awad bin ldin (; born march 10, 1957 , most commonly known as osama bin laden or usama bin laden is an islamic fundamentalist , a primary founder of the al-qaeda islamic organization and a member of the immensely wealthy bin laden family.
yenicami adelen spor kulb is a turkish cypriot football club based in the turkish occupied part of nicosia.	yenicami adelen spor kulb is a turkish cypriot football club based in the turkish part of nicosia.
"uhf (also known as the vidiot from uhf in europe and los telelocos in mexico) is a comedy cult film made in 1989. it starred ""weird al"" yankovic, along with michael richards, david bowe, victoria jackson, fran drescher, kevin mccarthy, gedde watanabe, billy barty, and trinidad silva, who was tragically killed during production in an off-set car accident; because of this, the film was dedicated to him."	"uhf (also known as the vidiot from uhf in europe and los telelocos in mexico) is a comedy cult film made in 1989. it starred ""weird al"" yankovic, along with michael richards, david bowe, victoria jackson, fran drescher, kevin mccarthy, gedde watanabe, billy barty, and trinidad silva, who was killed during production in an off-set car accident; because of this, the film was dedicated to him."
the shooting was controversial because it was not clear whether or not the gorilla was likely to harm the child.	the shooting was controversial there were assertions that it was not clear whether or not the gorilla was likely to harm the child.
over the course of the conversation, shuster claimed he was a straight-down-the-middle television commentator.	over the course of the conversation, shuster stated he was a straight-down-the-middle television commentator.
false evidence of chemtrails	purported evidence of chemtrails
by doing so, visitors enjoy hot and cold beverages and smoke water-pipes (commonly known as argeeleh/shisha) and enjoy the breathtaking view of the city particularly at sunset.	by doing so, visitors enjoy hot and cold beverages and smoke water-pipes (commonly known as argeeleh/shisha) and enjoy the view of the city particularly at sunset.
to date, she has refused to disclose her personal tax returns citing family trusts and privacy, though the spouse of 1984 vice presidential candidate geraldine ferraro ultimately had been convinced to release his returns before.	to date, she has declined to disclose her personal tax returns citing family trusts and privacy, though the spouse of 1984 vice presidential candidate geraldine ferraro ultimately had been convinced to release his returns before.
"some defenders of slavery, mainly from the southern slave states often argued that workers were ""free but in name the slaves of endless toil,"" and that their slaves were better off."	"some defenders of slavery, mainly from the southern slave states argued that workers were ""free but in name the slaves of endless toil,"" and that their slaves were better off."
"on june 26, 2015, becky g debuted a song titled ""we are mexico"" in solidarity with the hispanic community in response to donald trump's hateful remarks against mexican and latin american immigrants."	"on june 26, 2015, becky g debuted a song titled ""we are mexico"" in solidarity with the hispanic community in response to donald trump's remarks against mexican and latin american immigrants."
the epic book opens with two siblings, mary and peter, in a gully with diminishing food supplies.	the book opens with two siblings, mary and peter, in a gully with diminishing food supplies.
here is a brilliancy which polgar won at age 16:	here is a game which polgar won at age 16:
critics likened the cns article to the swift boat veterans for truth attacks on the war record of democrat john kerry during the 2004 presidential campaign as another example of conservatives attempting to discredit the military credentials of democrats in order to blunt their criticism of the iraq war.	critics likened the cns article to the swift boat veterans for truth attacks on the war record of democrat john kerry during the 2004 presidential campaign as another example of attempting to discredit the military credentials of democrats in order to blunt their criticism of the iraq war.
all, except neutral austria, are formerly communist countries.	all, except austria, are formerly communist countries.
redirect major sixth#thirteenth harmonic	redirect neutral sixth#thirteenth harmonic
official milo manara website (uses macromedia flash) (note: adult content)	official milo manara website (uses macromedia flash) (note: explicit content)
katagory v would be invited to perform at the world famous progpower usa iv festival as a showcase band in 2003, sharing the stage with prymary and stride.	katagory v would be invited to perform at the world progpower usa iv festival as a showcase band in 2003, sharing the stage with prymary and stride.
"thomas' also made much use of the argument presented in the naacp/aarp/scls amicus brief, (co-authored by south jersey legal services) on behalf of three low-income residents' groups fighting redevelopment in new jersey, noting: ""losses will fall disproportionately on poor communities."	"thomas' also made use of the argument presented in the naacp/aarp/scls amicus brief, (co-authored by south jersey legal services) on behalf of three low-income residents' groups fighting redevelopment in new jersey, noting: ""losses will fall disproportionately on poor communities."
the town has beautiful parks and landscaping, a plethora of sculptures and artworks and one of scotland's largest indoor shopping malls.	the town has parks and landscaping, a plethora of sculptures and artworks and one of scotland's largest indoor shopping malls.
boyce later rationalized his actions by claiming that he was selling this information in the hopes of fostering peace between the soviet union and the united states.	boyce later justified his actions by claiming that he was selling this information in the hopes of fostering peace between the soviet union and the united states.
sinn fin are opposed to the illegal occupation of palestine by israel.	sinn fin are opposed to the occupation of palestine by israel.
"in 1995, princess sarvath received the ""woman of peace award"", granted by the rome-based 'together for peace' foundation, in recognition of her deep commitment to the promotion of education and through a wide range of programs, helping persons with mental and learning disabilities, along with disadvantaged women and encouraging community service."	"in 1995, princess sarvath received the ""woman of peace award"", granted by the rome-based 'together for peace' foundation, in recognition of her commitment to the promotion of education and through a wide range of programs, helping persons with mental and learning disabilities, along with disadvantaged women and encouraging community service."
the revelation of groulx's openly expressed hatred of jewish people by scholars and other writers raised the issue of the appropriateness of having a prominent montreal metro station-serving a city with canada's oldest jewish community-named after groulx.	the disclosure of groulx's openly expressed hatred of jewish people by scholars and other writers raised the issue of the appropriateness of having a prominent montreal metro station-serving a city with canada's oldest jewish community-named after groulx.
a strategy of tension is a way to control and manipulate public opinion using fear, propaganda, disinformation, psychological warfare, agents provocateurs, as well as false flag terrorist actions.	a strategy of tension is an alleged way to control and manipulate public opinion using fear, propaganda, disinformation, psychological warfare, agents provocateurs, as well as false flag terrorist actions.
vanessa marcil (born october 15, 1968) is an american actress known for her roles in the long-running soap opera general hospital, beverly hills, 90210 and the television series las vegas.	vanessa marcil (born october 15, 1968) is an american actress known for her roles in the soap opera general hospital, beverly hills, 90210 and the television series las vegas.
carol burnett v. national enquirer, inc.: comedienne carol burnett won a verdict of 1.6 million dollars against the national enquirer for libel.	carol burnett v. national enquirer, inc.: comedian carol burnett won a verdict of 1.6 million dollars against the national enquirer for libel.
national socialism (common derogatory form nazism , german: nationalsozialismus) was the ideology practiced by the nazi party and nazi germany.	national socialism (common english short form nazism , german: nationalsozialismus) was the ideology practiced by the nazi party and nazi germany.
the so-called sudetenland was a region comprising border areas of bohemia with mostly german speaking inhabitants, named after the sudeten mountains.	the sudetenland was a region comprising border areas of bohemia with mostly german speaking inhabitants, named after the sudeten mountains.
during everson's career in worcester, western cape he also gave music lessons to the famous musician david kramer.	during everson's career in worcester, western cape he also gave music lessons to the musician david kramer.
"on may 23, 1938 he was killed by a booby-trap masked as a ""present"" from his ""true friend"" who turned out to be the notorious nkvd agent pavel sudoplatov in rotterdam."	"on may 23, 1938 he was killed by a booby-trap masked as a ""present"" from his ""true friend"" who turned out to be the nkvd agent pavel sudoplatov in rotterdam."
"he was the author of many popular books including ""arrow in the blue, (volume i of his wonderful autobiography), ""darkness at noon"" (a novel about the evils of communism), ""the yogi and the commissar"" (another book about communism), ""the sleepwalkers"", ""the act of creation"", and ""the thirteenth tribe"" (about the khazars)."	"he was the author of many popular books including ""arrow in the blue, (volume i of his autobiography), ""darkness at noon"" (a novel about the evils of communism), ""the yogi and the commissar"" (another book about communism), ""the sleepwalkers"", ""the act of creation"", and ""the thirteenth tribe"" (about the khazars)."
elections to the united states senate will be held on november 2, 2010, for 36 of the 100 seats in the united states senate.	elections to the united states senate are scheduled to be held on november 2, 2010, for 36 of the 100 seats in the united states senate.
ember is a small pink dragoness that originally has a crush on spyro.	ember is a small pink dragon that originally has a crush on spyro.
"in a 1995 exchange, in which former representative duke cunningham told bernie sanders to ""sit down, you socialist,"" after he objected to cunningham's homophobic comment, schroeder asked ""parliamentary inquiry, mr. chairman - do we have to call the gentleman a gentleman if he's not one?"""	"in a 1995 exchange, in which former representative duke cunningham told bernie sanders to ""sit down, you socialist,"" after he objected to cunningham's comment, schroeder asked ""parliamentary inquiry, mr. chairman - do we have to call the gentleman a gentleman if he's not one?"""
long marton also has a busy pub.	long marton also has a pub.
"the word ""mormon"" is often associated with polygamy (or plural marriage), which was a distinguishing practice of many early mormons; however it was renounced by the lds church in 1890"	"the word ""mormon"" is often associated with polygamy (or plural marriage), which was a marital practice of many early mormons; however it was renounced by the lds church in 1890"
from the sacred scriptures of the baha'i faith:	from the scriptures of the baha'i faith:
up to twenty-four iraqis were subsequently neutralized; it is alleged by dubious sources that they were non-combatant local residents who were massacred by marines in the aftermath of the insurgent attack.	up to twenty-four iraqis were subsequently neutralized; it is alleged by dubious sources that they were non-combatant local residents who were killed by marines in the aftermath of the insurgent attack.
"while the term ""confessional lutheran"" is sometimes used to refer exclusively to the more conservative churches found in groupings such as the international lutheran council and the confessional evangelical lutheran conference, most churches of the mainline lutheran world federation subscribe to the book of concord as an exposition of faith, albeit one which is subordinate to the bible."	"while the term ""confessional lutheran"" is sometimes used to refer exclusively to the more conservative churches found in groupings such as the international lutheran council and the confessional evangelical lutheran conference, most churches of the larger lutheran world federation subscribe to the book of concord as an exposition of faith, albeit one which is subordinate to the bible."
parapsychology is a fringe field of study concerned with the investigation of evidence for alleged paranormal events such as psychokinesis, clairvoyance, and telepathy, that are either rejected or ignored by mainstream scientific consensus.	parapsychology is a field of study concerned with the investigation of evidence for alleged paranormal events such as psychokinesis, clairvoyance, and telepathy, that are either rejected or ignored by mainstream scientific consensus.
transnistria or trans-dniester is currently an unrecognised state ; it is internationally recognised as being part of moldova, but claims independence and maintains sovereignty with the assistance of russian forces.	transnistria or trans-dniester is currently an unrecognised region ; it is internationally recognised as being part of moldova, but claims independence and maintains sovereignty with the assistance of russian forces.
as mentioned above , the z-ordering can be used to efficiently build a quadtree for a set of points.	as mentioned, the z-ordering can be used to efficiently build a quadtree for a set of points.
artur cimirro (born september 30, 1982) is a brazilian virtuoso pianist, composer and art critic.	artur cimirro (born september 30, 1982) is a brazilian pianist, composer and art critic.
these men had defeated incompetently-led armies twice their size at fredericksburg and chancellorsville, but the constant enemies of hunger and poor equipment were showing their effects.	these men had defeated armies twice their size at fredericksburg and chancellorsville, but the constant enemies of hunger and poor equipment were showing their effects.
after his passing , los rayos gamma would go on as scheduled per his request.	after his death , los rayos gamma would go on as scheduled per his request.
most families were banned from owning more than one house, while former rental properties were seized and sold to the tenants at a heavily subsidised price.	most families were banned from owning more than one house, while former rental properties were expropriated by the state and sold to the tenants at a heavily subsidised price.
environmental groups were generally, understandably critical.	environmental groups were generally, critical.
"roberta ""bobbie"" w. draper, a gunnery sergeant in the mcrn, of the 2nd marine expeditionary force"	"roberta ""bobbie"" w. draper, martian gunnery sergeant in the mcrn, of the 2nd marine expeditionary force"
"sir michael terence ""terry"" wogan, (, 3 august 1938 31 january 2016) was an irish -british radio and television broadcaster who worked for the bbc in the united kingdom for most of his career."	"sir michael terence ""terry"" wogan, (, 3 august 1938 31 january 2016) was an irish radio and television broadcaster who worked for the bbc in the united kingdom for most of his career."
he frequently criticized presidents lyndon johnson and richard nixon for their conduct of the war and foreign policy deceptions .	he frequently criticized presidents lyndon johnson and richard nixon for their conduct of the war and foreign policy decisions .
titanic is a successful romantic drama film written, directed and co-produced by james cameron.	titanic is a romantic drama film written, directed and co-produced by james cameron.
while this is in the early stages, if successful and capable of doing work on the external environment it would confirm production of excess energy without the need for measurements.	while this is in the early stages, if successful and capable of doing work on the external environment it might confirm production of excess energy without the need for measurements.
in his military career, humala was also involved in the two major peruvian conflicts of the past 20 years, the battle against the terrorist organization shining path and the 1995 cenepa war with ecuador.	in his military career, humala was also involved in the two major peruvian conflicts of the past 20 years, the battle against the insurgent organization shining path and the 1995 cenepa war with ecuador.
our students come from diverse economic, social, and cultural backgrounds; the college helps these students engage these differences and live humanely with them.	wabash students come from diverse economic, social, and cultural backgrounds; the college helps these students engage these differences and live humanely with them.
there is a new petition to boycott costco for reneging on its promise not to sell seal oil and supporting the seal slaughter .	there is a new petition to boycott costco for reneging on its promise not to sell seal oil and supporting the seal hunt .
in the 1972 elections, murdoch swung his newspapers' support behind gough whitlam and the leftist australian labor party, but by 1975 he had turned against labor, and since then has almost always supported the rightist liberal party.	in the 1972 elections, murdoch swung his newspapers' support behind gough whitlam and the left wing australian labor party, but by 1975 he had turned against labor, and since then has almost always supported the rightist liberal party.
levar burton, former host of beloved show reading rainbow, read the book during a 2014 charity live stream event held by the rooster teeth podcast.	levar burton, former host of television show reading rainbow, read the book during a 2014 charity live stream event held by the rooster teeth podcast.
another great example is joe driscoll who layers both guitar riffs and oral percussion (beatboxing).	another example is joe driscoll who layers both guitar riffs and oral percussion ( beatboxing ).
microsoft corporation is the world's greatest software company, with 2005 global annual sales of almost $40 billion usd and nearly 60,000 employees in 85 countries and regions.	microsoft corporation is the world's largest software company, with 2005 global annual sales of almost $40 billion usd and nearly 60,000 employees in 85 countries and regions.
john edward lautner (july 16, 1911 october 24, 1994) was an influential american architect whose work in southern california combined progressive engineering with humane design and dramatic space-age flair.	john edward lautner (july 16, 1911 october 24, 1994) was an american architect whose work in southern california combined progressive engineering with humane design and dramatic space-age flair.
their use is also evident in ancient fiction , for example in the book of numbers (33:54), moses commands the israelites to apportion the land by lot .	their use is also evident in ancient writings , for example in the book of numbers (33:54), moses commands the israelites to apportion the land by lot .
ahmed yassin was finally killed in another israeli attack on march 22, 2004. while he was being wheeled out of an early morning prayer session, he was struck by missiles fired from helicopter gunships and died instantly, along with seven others.	ahmed yassin was killed in another israeli attack on march 22, 2004. while he was being wheeled out of an early morning prayer session, he was struck by missiles fired from helicopter gunships and died instantly, along with seven others.
tar valon is modeled after the fantastical city of avalon.	tar valon is modeled after the city of avalon.
genetic sexual attraction (gsa) is a non-scientific term that describes the phenomenon of sexual attraction between close relatives, such as siblings, first and second cousins or a parent and offspring, who first meet as adults.	genetic sexual attraction (gsa) is a term that describes the phenomenon of sexual attraction between close relatives, such as siblings, first and second cousins or a parent and offspring, who first meet as adults.
narsee monjee college of commerce and economics (popularly known as nm college) is a prestigious college for commercial studies and economics affiliated to the university of mumbai.	narsee monjee college of commerce and economics (popularly known as nm college) is a college for commercial studies and economics affiliated to the university of mumbai.
archer county is a county located in the u.s. state of texas.	archer county is a county located in the state of texas.
nearing the start of the season, the first team was dealing with injuries to five of the club's centre backs: woodgate, huth, bates, pogatetz and riggott, leaving the prospect of a worrying shortage of players available for the first game of the season.	nearing the start of the season, the first team was dealing with injuries to five of the club's centre backs: woodgate, huth, bates, pogatetz and riggott, leaving the prospect of a shortage of players available for the first game of the season.
the first edition of the work was published (in russian) by the distinguished french publishing house ditions du seuil a few days after christmas 1973; they had received a go-ahead from solzhenitsyn but had decided to release the work about ten days earlier than he had expected.	the first edition of the work was published (in russian) by the french publishing house ditions du seuil a few days after christmas 1973; they had received a go-ahead from solzhenitsyn but had decided to release the work about ten days earlier than he had expected.
morris claims that he is a bipartisan consultant.	morris states that he is a bipartisan consultant.
oklo is the only known location for this in the world and consists of 16 sites at which self-sustaining nuclear fission reactions took place approximately 1.7 billion years ago, and ran for a few hundred thousand years, averaging probably less than 100 kw of thermal power during that time.	oklo is the only known location for this in the world and consists of 16 sites at which self-sustaining nuclear fission reactions are thought to have taken place approximately 1.7 billion years ago, and ran for a few hundred thousand years, averaging probably less than 100 kw of thermal power during that time.
this population, the only unequivocal cougar representative in the eastern united states, currently occupies only 5% of its historic range.	this population, the only unequivocal cougar representative in the eastern united states, currently occupies 5% of its historic range.
horizon has also enjoyed extremely high viewing figures, even though it covered subjects as complex as molecular biology and particle physics.	horizon has also enjoyed high viewing figures, even though it covered subjects as complex as molecular biology and particle physics.
"georgina ""gina"" mckee (born 14 april 1964) is an english actress known for her television roles in our friends in the north (1996), the lost prince (2003) and the forsyte saga (2002); and her portrayal of bella in the film notting hill (1999)."	"georgina ""gina"" mckee (born 14 april 1964) is an english actor known for her television roles in our friends in the north (1996), the lost prince (2003) and the forsyte saga (2002); and her portrayal of bella in the film notting hill (1999)."
moveon.org is a progressive political group based in the united states that organizes and informs an online community estimated at more than three million people.	moveon.org is a liberal political group based in the united states that organizes and informs an online community estimated at more than three million people.
the goal was to further enhance the connection with overseas esport clubs and push forward the influence of world e-sport.	the goal was to further enhance the connection with asian esport clubs and push forward the influence of world e-sport.
this uncertainty is the general reasoning behind the widespread christian belief that abortion should not be legal.	this uncertainty is the general reasoning behind the christian belief that abortion should not be legal.
the jaguar x-type is a rebranded and modified version of the unsuccessful ford mondeo.	the jaguar x-type is a rebranded and modified version of the ford mondeo.
the first international, however, split between two main tendencies within the organization over the question of political, parliamentary action; the libertarian wing represented by mikhail bakunin and the authoritarian wing represented by karl marx.	the first international, however, split between two main tendencies within the organization over the question of political, parliamentary action; the libertarian wing represented by mikhail bakunin and the statist wing represented by karl marx.
his career was launched when he won the prestigious warsaw international frederick chopin piano competition in 1975. he performed with the berlin philharmonic under the baton of herbert von karajan in 1976 and he made his american dbut with the new york philharmonic in 1979. he has toured widely and made a number of recordings.	his career was launched when he won the warsaw international frederick chopin piano competition in 1975. he performed with the berlin philharmonic under the baton of herbert von karajan in 1976 and he made his american dbut with the new york philharmonic in 1979. he has toured widely and made a number of recordings.
turning or shaking the torch itself	turning or shaking the device itself
"the nineteenth-century british naturalist alfred russel wallace famously described its flesh as ""a rich custard highly flavoured with almonds""."	"the nineteenth-century british naturalist alfred russel wallace described its flesh as ""a rich custard highly flavoured with almonds""."
principal areas with presence of slavic speakers in greece (pink and blue ), along with other minority language communities.	principal areas with presence of slavic speakers in greece (pink and purple ), along with other minority language communities.
doni signed for premier league giants liverpool on 15 july 2011. he is expected to act as cover for pepe reina.	doni signed for premier league club liverpool on 15 july 2011. he is expected to act as cover for pepe reina.
in 1999, a devolved legislature, the scottish parliament, was reconvened with authority over many areas of home affairs following a successful referendum in 1997. in 2011, the scottish national party (snp) won an overall majority in parliament and intends to hold a referendum on independence in the autumn of 2014.	in 1999, a devolved legislature, the scottish parliament, was reconvened with authority over many areas of home affairs following a referendum in 1997. in 2011, the scottish national party (snp) won an overall majority in parliament and intends to hold a referendum on independence in the autumn of 2014.
"according to medieval armenian sources, the settlement was first mentioned as vararakn (, meaning ""rapid spring"" in armenian) which it remained until it was renamed khankendi in 1847. azerbaijani sources generally say that the settlement was founded in the late 18th century by a karabakh khan, and was thus called khankendi ( azeri for ""the khan's village"")."	"according to medieval armenian sources, the settlement was first mentioned as vararakn (, meaning ""rapid spring"" in armenian) which it remained until it was renamed khankendi in 1847. azerbaijani sources generally say that the settlement was founded in the late 18th century by a karabakh khan, and was thus called khankendi ( turkic for ""the khan's village"")."
(november 25 1915 – december 10 2006) was a general and self-proclaimed president of chile.	(november 25 1915 – december 10 2006) was a general and president of chile.
jason beckerjason becker, (born july 22, 1969) is an american neo-classical metal virtuoso guitarist.	jason beckerjason becker, (born july 22, 1969) is an american neo-classical metal guitarist.
he was the most gifted and learned contrapuntist and composer between guillaume de machaut and palestrina and is the best representative of what came to be known as the netherlands style.	he was the most gifted and learned contrapuntist and composer between guillaume de machaut and palestrina and is the central representative of what came to be known as the netherlands style.
the american system ensures a free society where life, liberty and a host of inalienable human rights are guaranteed by its constitution, including the bill of rights (the first ten amendments of the constitution), and as called for by the declaration of independence.	the american system seeks to ensure a free society where life, liberty and a host of inalienable human rights are guaranteed by its constitution, including the bill of rights (the first ten amendments of the constitution), and as called for by the declaration of independence.
"unfortunately , the t-thread is sometimes described as ""m42x0.75,"" which is the metric manner in which to describe the thread.)"	"confusingly , the t-thread is sometimes described as ""m42x0.75,"" which is the metric manner in which to describe the thread.)"
the chinese had a long history of using barbarian tribes against one another to keep them at bay.	the chinese had a long history of using opposing frigen tribes against one another to keep them at bay.
dottie's magic pockets is the first lgbt children's programming specifically created for children in lgbt families.	dottie's magic pockets is the first lgbt children's programming specifically created for children in gay and lesbian families.
in the modern english language, racism is a broad category encompassing many separate claims or impulses, such as chauvinism, identity politics, institutional racism, etc., and it is often used as a pejorative epitaph that many would want to avoid for various reasons.	in the modern english language, racism is a broad category encompassing many separate claims or impulses, such as chauvinism, identity politics, institutional racism, etc., and it is often used as a pejorative epithet that many would want to avoid for various reasons.
flour bluff is home to the flour bluff independent school district which is commonly known for its athletics and academics.	flour bluff is home to the flour bluff independent school district which is known for its athletics and academics.
hours later, carla jean arrives and learns of her husband's unfortunate fate.	hours later, carla jean arrives and learns of her husband's fate.
however, after 2 years, there was a sudden change in direction.	however, after 2 years, there was a change in direction.
a controversial extension of the stoughton line is proposed to serve fall river, and new bedford.	a extension of the stoughton line is proposed to serve fall river, and new bedford.
my opinion is that the existing levee be raised and let residential developtment be built, due to the cheaper cost of land in missouri and not illinois.	some peoples opinion is that the existing levee be raised and let residential developtment be built, due to the cheaper cost of land in missouri and not illinois.
the big bang is a consequence of the observed hubble's law velocities of distant galaxies that when taken together with the cosmological principle imply that space is expanding according to the friedmann-lematre model of general relativity.	the big bang is a consequence of the inferred hubble's law velocities of distant galaxies that when taken together with the cosmological principle imply that space is expanding according to the friedmann-lematre model of general relativity.
alan carr (born 14 july, 1976) is a british stand-up comedian and tv presenter, renowned for his camp demeanour and saucy innuendo-based jokes.	alan carr (born 14 july, 1976) is a british stand-up comedian and tv presenter, renowned for his camp demeanour and innuendo-based jokes.
the soft left was the more moderate faction of the british labour party's left wing in the 1980s.	the soft left was the more centrism (politics)|centrist faction of the british labour party's left wing in the 1980s.
now screened from the road by trees, the hotel's location once offered spectacular views across the valley to the west.	now screened from the road by trees, the hotel's location once offered views across the valley to the west.
"he made a memorable guest appearance in the star trek: deep space nine episode ""shadowplay""."	"he made a guest appearance in the star trek: deep space nine episode ""shadowplay""."
john nelson darby, considered the father of dispensationalism, first understood the pretribulation rapture in 1827. .	john nelson darby, considered the father of dispensationalism, first proposed the pretribulation rapture in 1827. .
he is also one of the greatest artists of rabindra sangeet.	he is also one of the known artists of rabindra sangeet.
on 20 august she departed pearl harbor and began 13 months screening the vital supply ships of the u.s. 3rd fleet and u.s. 5th fleet.	on 20 august she departed pearl harbor and began 13 months screening the supply ships of the u.s. 3rd fleet and u.s. 5th fleet.
americas team is term often used to describe the amazing dallas cowboys franchise that plays in the nfc east of the national football league.	americas team is term often used to describe the dallas cowboys franchise that plays in the nfc east of the national football league.
the telugu film industry produces the most significant films every year in india, with about 275 films produced in 2008.	the telugu film industry produces the most films every year in india, with about 275 films produced in 2008.
kosovo ( or kosov, , kosovo, see: names of kosovo), is a country in the balkans, presently under the ad interim control of the united nations interim administration mission in kosovo and protection of the north atlantic treaty organization's kosovo force.	kosovo ( or kosov, , kosovo, see: names of kosovo), is a region in the balkans, presently under the ad interim control of the united nations interim administration mission in kosovo and protection of the north atlantic treaty organization's kosovo force.
after his passing , however, his work has started to gain new recognition in east asia as well as in the west.	after his death , however, his work has started to gain new recognition in east asia as well as in the west.
the plan backfired when general counsel craig harding forwarded his own personalized copy of the memo along with a new, stricter nondisclosure agreement mentioned in the memo to other employees, nullifying the entrapment plan.	the plan backfired when general counsel craig harding forwarded his own personalized copy of the memo along with a new, stricter nondisclosure agreement mentioned in the memo to other employees, nullifying the plan.
there was much criticism during the construction of the madrid-barcelona line.	there was criticism during the construction of the madrid-barcelona line.
in this battle british soldiers fought bravely under the remote leadership of lord raglan.	in this battle british soldiers fought bravely under the leadership of lord raglan.
alas no remains were found whose dna matched that of parker and longabaugh's families.	no remains were found whose dna matched that of parker and longabaugh's families.
private schools include stoneybrook academy (where karen brewer, et al attended) and stoneybrook day school (where karen's prissy neighbor amanda delaney and associate member shannon kilbourne attended school).	private schools include stoneybrook academy (where karen brewer, et al attended) and stoneybrook day school (where karen's neighbor amanda delaney and associate member shannon kilbourne attended school).
"he chronicles his drunken, sexual adventures and brags about his self-confessed contemptible behavior in the form of ""gonzo"" short stories on tuckermax.com, which has reportedly received millions of visitors since 2002."	"he chronicles his drunken, sexual adventures and brags about his self-confessed outrageous behavior in the form of ""gonzo"" short stories on tuckermax.com, which has reportedly received millions of visitors since 2002."
it was established with a donation from emmy-award winning actress and comedienne carol burnett in memory of burnett's daughter, actress carrie hamilton.	it was established with a donation from emmy-award winning actress and comedian carol burnett in memory of burnett's daughter, actress carrie hamilton.
grounds for impeachment	rationales for impeachment
sara horowitz is the founder of working today and freelancers union, leading leftist organizations of independent workers.	sara horowitz is the founder of working today and freelancers union, leading organizations of independent workers.
other farms use unconverted, re-painted, school buses to transport their migrant workforce.	other farms use unconverted, re-painted, school buses to transport their workforce.
the republic of macedonia, officially recognized as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia or fyrom, is an independent state on the balkan peninsula in southeastern europe.	the republic of macedonia, also recognized as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia or fyrom, is an independent state on the balkan peninsula in southeastern europe.
some countries, such as japan, norway, and sweden, have banned or stringently regulated the use of mercury in dental amalgams, citing health concerns.	some countries, such as japan , norway , and sweden , have banned or regulated the use of mercury in dental amalgams, citing health concerns.
he has since become a terrorism analyst for the fox news channel and has appeared in the right-wing anti-michael moore documentary celsius 41.11.	he has since become a terrorism analyst for the fox news channel and has appeared in the anti-michael moore documentary celsius 41.11.
jerry faye hall (born july 2, 1956) is an american supermodel and actress, also known for her long-term relationship with mick jagger, with whom she had four children.	jerry faye hall (born july 2, 1956) is an american model and actress, also known for her long-term relationship with mick jagger, with whom she had four children.
a houston native, gibbons is known for playing a classic 1959 gibson les paul guitar he calls miss pearly gates.	a houston native, gibbons is known for playing a 1959 gibson les paul guitar he calls miss pearly gates.
a 2003 the new york times report which alleged that hisd did not report school violence to the police created controversy in the community as teachers, students, and parents expressed concern about the district's downplaying of campus violence.	a 2003 the new york times report which asserted that hisd did not report school violence to the police created controversy in the community as teachers, students, and parents expressed concern about the district's downplaying of campus violence.
hadfield approached the king in the royal box at the theatre royal, drury lane, firing a pistol at him; thankfully , the king was bowing to the audience at the time, and the shot passed over his head.	hadfield approached the king in the royal box at the theatre royal, drury lane, firing a pistol at him; however , the king was bowing to the audience at the time, and the shot passed over his head.
allen bernard west (born february 7, 1961) is the outgoing u.s. representative for .	allen bernard west (born february 7, 1961) is the u.s. representative for .
the gilded cage is the seventh episode of the third series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	the gilded cage is the seventh episode of the third series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
as of 2016, 41 people live in this coastal village, which is known for its beautiful scenery and whale-watching.	as of 2016, 41 people live in this coastal village, which is known for its scenery and whale-watching.
rosalind elsie franklin (july 25, 1920 - april 16, 1958) was a molecular biologist who assisted in the discovery of the structure of dna.	rosalind elsie franklin (july 25, 1920 - april 16, 1958) was a molecular biologist who played an important role in the discovery of the structure of dna.
supported world-wide xoops was created and is maintained by a team of several hard-working volunteers working from all over the world.	supported world-wide xoops was created and is maintained by a team of several volunteers working from all over the world.
dalhousie's work in india was always controversial, and his acquisition of the diamond, amongst many other things, was criticised by some contemporary british commentators.	dalhousie's work in india was sometimes controversial, and his acquisition of the diamond, amongst many other things, was criticised by some contemporary british commentators.
american guru: a story of love, betrayal and healing, by william yenner and other former andrew cohen student contributors (foreword by stephen batchelor), documents authoritarianism, financial manipulation, and physical and psychological abuse in andrew cohen's community, and discusses the challenges of healing after leaving the community.	american guru: a story of love, betrayal and healing, by william yenner and other former andrew cohen student contributors (foreword by stephen batchelor), documents authoritarianism, financial manipulation, physical and psychological abuse in andrew cohen's community, and discusses the challenges of healing after leaving the community.
however, new jersey, the state at the center of the supreme court case, passed its bill to legalize sports gambling but purposely restricted gambling on esports to only international competitions where most players are over 18 years of age.	however, new jersey, the state at the center of the supreme court case, passed its bill to legalize sports gambling but restricted gambling on esports to only international competitions where most players are over 18 years of age.
leung's character nu-ying is an illegal chinese immigrant who sells pirate dvds and stolen phones on the streets of brixton in hope of making a life for herself in the uk.	leung's character nu-ying is an illegal chinese immigrant who sells unlicensed dvds and stolen phones on the streets of brixton in hope of making a life for herself in the uk.
after his military service, he was an assistant from 1966 to 1968 and 1971 to 1972 to the late conservative republican united states representative bob price of pampa, texas.	after his military service, he was an assistant from 1966 to 1968 and 1971 to 1972 to the late republican united states representative bob price of pampa, texas.
the station provides best connection with bhopal the state capital of madhya pradesh.	the station provides connection with bhopal the state capital of madhya pradesh.
hispanic supremacist groups such as mexica movement, mecha, la voz de aztlan, sparc, danza azteca groups, and local musicians and visual artists have all denounced the group.	hispanic groups such as mexica movement, mecha, la voz de aztlan, sparc, danza azteca groups, and local musicians and visual artists have all denounced the group.
"direct actions have included scuttling commercial fishing vessels while in harbor, disabling and ""stink bombing"" of vessels in harbor and at sea, extralegal boarding of whaling vessels while at sea, and seizure and destruction of drift nets at sea."	"direct actions have included scuttling commercial fishing vessels while in harbor, disabling and ""stink bombing"" of vessels in harbor and at sea, illegal boarding of whaling vessels while at sea, and seizure and destruction of drift nets at sea."
according to the church law which is currently in force, the polish catholic church professes catholic faith, morality and principles as set forth in the holy bible, formulated in common symbols of faith and decisions of the first seven ecumenical councils.	according to the church law which is currently in force, the polish catholic church professes catholic faith, morality and principles as set forth in the bible, formulated in common symbols of faith and decisions of the first seven ecumenical councils.
amongst the collection are such artefacts as the ball from the 1927 fa cup final; international shirts including those of billy meredith, ivor allchurch and gareth griffiths; rugby mementoes from 1902 and 1905; clothing from david broome, sir harry llewellyn and tanni grey-thompson; peerless jim driscoll's boxing gloves; and very many fascinating objects and documents.	amongst the collection are such artefacts as the ball from the 1927 fa cup final; international shirts including those of billy meredith, ivor allchurch and gareth griffiths; rugby mementoes from 1902 and 1905; clothing from david broome, sir harry llewellyn and tanni grey-thompson; peerless jim driscoll's boxing gloves; and very many other historic sporting objects and documents.
scart is often confusing for consumers.	scart is sometimes confusing for consumers.
on 17 july, prosecutors for ethiopia's lideta high court formally charged the zone 9 bloggers (soliyana shimeles(in absentia), mahlet fantahun, befeqadu hailu, atinafu birhane, natinael feleke, zelalem kibiret, abel wabela) and affiliated independent journalists (edom kassaye, tesfalem waldeyes, and assmamaw h/giorgis) with having connections to the outlawed terrorist organization ginbot 7 as well as the oromo liberation front (olf), another rebel organization outlawed by the government in ethiopia.	on 17 july, prosecutors for ethiopia's lideta high court formally charged the zone 9 bloggers (soliyana shimeles (in absentia), mahlet fantahun, befeqadu hailu, atinafu birhane, natinael feleke, zelalem kibiret, abel wabela) and affiliated independent journalists (edom kassaye, tesfalem waldeyes, and assmamaw h/giorgis) with having connections to the outlawed political organization ginbot 7 as well as the oromo liberation front (olf), another rebel organization outlawed by the government in ethiopia.
robert barnwell rhett house was the home of robert barnwell rhett, an extreme secessionist politician, located in charleston, south carolina.	robert barnwell rhett house was the home of robert barnwell rhett, an secessionist politician, located in charleston, south carolina.
at that moment, sharon murderer initiated a brilliant attack, precisely planned and carried out.	at that moment, sharon initiated a brilliant attack, precisely planned and carried out.
in 2004, after only two years in existence, the de la salle knights boys soccer team finished second in the oregon 2a state playoffs of the oregon school activities association.	in 2004, after two years in existence, the de la salle knights boys soccer team finished second in the oregon 2a state playoffs of the oregon school activities association.
she is best known for insightful performances of new works, many of them written for her.	she is best known for performances of new works, many of them written for her.
the final episode was aired on 31 december 1995 and replaced in january 1996 by a short-lived new breakfast tv series, boiled egg & soldiers, which sadly struggled to gain a foothold.	the final episode was aired on 31 december 1995 and replaced in january 1996 by a short-lived new breakfast tv series, boiled egg & soldiers, which struggled to gain a foothold.
oliver cromwell (april 25 1599 – september 3 1658) was an english dictator , best known for making england a republic and leading the commonwealth of england, he and his son were thereby the only commoners ever to have been the english head of state.	oliver cromwell (april 25 1599 – september 3 1658) was an english military and political leader , best known for making england a republic and leading the commonwealth of england, he and his son were thereby the only commoners ever to have been the english head of state.
he is also more notoriously known for his slapping controversy with actress, padmapriya.the south indian film industry imposed a one year ban on him for his barberic behaviour on set, but later the ban was lifted due to constant lobbying by producer's association.	he is also more notoriously known for his slapping controversy with actress, padmapriya.the south indian film industry imposed a one year ban on him for his behaviour on set, but later the ban was lifted due to constant lobbying by producer's association.
kashi company, u.s. manufacturer of natural foods such as breakfast cereal, crackers, and cereal bars	kashi company, u.s. manufacturer of foods such as breakfast cereal, crackers, and cereal bars
the law school has a renowned law and business program in which eight of the nation's preeminent student-leaders in law and business are awarded fellowships in the charles klein leadership program in law and business .	the law school has a law and business program in which eight of the nation's preeminent student-leaders in law and business are awarded fellowships in the charles klein leadership program in law and business .
the son of a well-known rabbi and talmudist, kirzner was born in london and came to the united states via south africa.	the son of a well-known rabbi and talmudist, kirzner was born in london and arrived to the united states via south africa.
in response to biblical study and sincere prayer joseph smith claims he saw face to face god the father and his son jesus christ, which was later termed the first vision.	in response to biblical study and sincere prayer joseph smith said he saw face to face god the father and his son jesus christ, which was later termed the first vision.
johnston and her fiance were sitting in her father's car, outside her home, when members of the ira fired 47 bullets into johnston, killing her and badly wounding her fiance.	johnston and her fiance were sitting in her father's car, outside her home, when members of the ira fired 47 bullets into johnston, killing her and wounding her fiance.
this is misinterpreted by opponents of christian science as mary baker eddy downgrading the importance of jesus, rather than making a basic metaphysical point, regarding a question doubting the historical existence of jesus, raised by a unitarian minister, rev.	this is often interpreted by opponents of christian science as mary baker eddy downgrading the importance of jesus, rather than making a basic metaphysical point, regarding a question doubting the historical existence of jesus, raised by a unitarian minister, rev.
some ukrainian scholars have claimed that this was an act of genocide, while other scholars assert that the catastrophe was caused by gross mismanagement and failure to collectivise on a voluntary basis.	some scholars have claimed that this was an act of genocide, while other scholars assert that the catastrophe was caused by gross mismanagement and failure to collectivise on a voluntary basis.
the political career of rita verdonk has been dominated by incidents.	the political career of rita verdonk has been surrounded by incidents.
has indicated that his position is closer to that of the hawkish american israel public affairs committee than that of americans for peace now.	has indicated that his position is closer to that of the american israel public affairs committee than that of americans for peace now.
de blasio gained media attention during the campaign when he and a dozen others, including city councilman stephen levin, were arrested while protesting the closing of long island college hospital.	de blasio gained media attention during the campaign when he and a dozen others, including city councillor stephen levin, were arrested while protesting the closing of long island college hospital.
u.s. president calvin coolidge greeting 1500 boy scouts making an annual pilgrimage to the capitol, 1927	u.s. president calvin coolidge greeting 1500 boy scouts making an annual trip to the capitol, 1927
nagin gained international fame in 2005 during and immediately following hurricane katrina, which devastated that city.	nagin gained international recognition in 2005 during and immediately following hurricane katrina, which devastated that city.
this schism refers to the differing position regarding how institutions and the economy is to be managed.	this distinction refers to the differing position regarding how institutions and the economy is to be managed.
nonetheless, its distinctive appearance and futuristic stylish design (which does not look like a typical shotgun) has made it popular in violent television programs, films, and computer games such as fallout 2 and max payne.	nonetheless, its distinctive appearance and futuristic stylish design (which does not look like a typical shotgun) has made it popular in action television programs, films, and computer games such as fallout 2 and max payne.
of the 440 counting areas, only ten returned a majority in favour of the change (cambridge, oxford, glasgow kelvin, edinburgh central, and the london boroughs of hackney, islington, haringey, lambeth, southwark and camden).	of the 440 counting areas, ten returned a majority in favour of the change (cambridge, oxford, glasgow kelvin, edinburgh central, and the london boroughs of hackney, islington, haringey, lambeth, southwark and camden).
much praise of cornwell centered around his admission that he was a practising catholic who had attempted to absolve pius with his work.	much praise of cornwell centered around his statement that he was a practising catholic who had attempted to absolve pius with his work.
the project's sole recording was a 1991 release entitled live at the beacon (giant records, catalog number 9 24423-2), a compilation of material recorded on july 1 and 2, 1991 at new york city's famous beacon theatre.	the project's sole recording was a 1991 release entitled live at the beacon (giant records, catalog number 9 24423-2), a compilation of material recorded on july 1 and 2, 1991 at new york city's beacon theatre.
john koukouzelis or jan kukuzeli (; , yoan kukuzel; , ioannis koukouzelis; 1280 1360) was an serbian -bulgarian medieval orthodox christian composer, singer and reformer of orthodox church music.	john koukouzelis or jan kukuzeli (; , yoan kukuzel; , ioannis koukouzelis; 1280 1360) was an albanian -bulgarian medieval orthodox christian composer, singer and reformer of orthodox church music.
in december 2005, laporte created triangulation, a podcast featuring renowned columnist and broadcaster john c. dvorak and another guest on a specific technology topic.	in december 2005, laporte created triangulation, a podcast featuring the columnist and broadcaster john c. dvorak and another guest on a specific technology topic.
this might result in more oxygen getting into the engine, allowing vaporized fuel to burn more efficiently, thus increasing horsepower and fuel economy.	this is claimed to result in more oxygen getting into the engine, allowing vaporized fuel to burn more efficiently, thus increasing horsepower and fuel economy.
he often launches rapid, multiple-tweet twitter comments against people who attack him or with whom he simply disagrees.	he often launches rapid, multiple-tweet twitter comments against people who attack him or with whom he disagrees.
schirrmacher scrutinised the old testament for statements on missiology and showed that god not only speaks to pagans with judgement but also provides them with salvation trough conversion and the promise of the messiah.	schirrmacher scrutinised the old testament for statements on missiology and states that god not only speaks to pagans with judgement but also provides them with salvation trough conversion and the promise of the messiah.
similar to tchart and teechart for delphi it supports a lot of different chart types including but not limited to bar charts, pie charts, line charts and point series.	similar to tchart and teechart for delphi it supports a collection of different chart types including but not limited to bar charts, pie charts, line charts and point series.
bloodflowers is the brilliant eleventh album by english band the cure, released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).	bloodflowers is the eleventh album by english band the cure, released in 2000 (see 2000 in music).
"in europe, avalon was selected for the prestigious cannes film festival and won awards at other european festivals : in spain, it was awarded ""best cinematography"" at the catalonian international film festival (2001), and in the united kingdom, it won the ""best film"" award at sci-fi-london (2002)."	"in europe, avalon was selected for the cannes film festival and won awards at other european festivals : in spain, it was awarded ""best cinematography"" at the catalonian international film festival (2001), and in the united kingdom, it won the ""best film"" award at sci-fi-london (2002)."
several phenomenal fiddlers have also emerged in the united states in recent years, among them winifred horan, randal bays, liz carroll, marie reilly, brandon vance and eileen ivers.	several notable fiddlers have also emerged in the united states in recent years, among them winifred horan, randal bays, liz carroll, marie reilly, brandon vance and eileen ivers.
"a year later, on ten-forward, she gave birth to a daughter, molly, with worf as midhusband (tng episode ""disaster"")."	"a year later, on ten-forward, she gave birth to a daughter, molly, with worf as midwife (tng episode ""disaster"")."
in common with the rest of the country, lake muhazi was the scene of many horrific killings during the 1994 rwandan genocide.	in common with the rest of the country, lake muhazi was the scene of many killings during the 1994 rwandan genocide.
paul sabu is an emmy-winning american singer, songwriter, producer, and guitarist.	paul sabu is an american singer, songwriter, producer, and guitarist.
the term radical is used by the right wing in the united states to mischaracterise elements of the democratic party	the term radical is used by the right wing in the united states to describe elements of the democratic party
european culture is also relatively homogeneous, with most nations tracing the roots of their culture to two principal sources; the judeo- christian bible and classical antiquity.	european culture is also relatively homogeneous, with most nations tracing the roots of their culture to two principal sources; the christian bible and classical antiquity.
lulu, lou reed and metallica (2011) a bizarre 2011 collaborative project between long-time alternative singer-songwriter lou reed and heavy metal band metallica.	lulu, lou reed and metallica (2011) a 2011 collaborative project between long-time alternative singer-songwriter lou reed and heavy metal band metallica.
russian federal space agency's director anatoly perminov claimed that some actions are in progress to increase glonass's accuracy.	russian federal space agency's director anatoly perminov stated that some actions are in progress to increase glonass's accuracy.
droitwich spa also has a successful cricket club in which they support four saturday teams and two on a sunday.	droitwich spa also has a cricket club in which they support four saturday teams and two on a sunday.
through the use of new aerodynamics, wheels and luxurious interior treatments mansory transforms already exclusive vehicles into one-of-a-kind masterpieces .	through the use of new aerodynamics, wheels and luxurious interior treatments mansory transforms already exclusive vehicles into one-of-a-kind automobiles .
japan also does not recognise the australian claim to australian antarctic territorial waters in which japanese ships illegally conduct whaling.	japan also does not recognise the australian claim to australian antarctic territorial waters in which japanese ships conduct whaling.
during the battle of mosul in june 2014, isis allegedly became the richest terror group in the world after looting $429 usd million from mosul's central bank, according to the regional governor; a large quantity of gold bullion was also believed to have been stolen.	during the battle of mosul in june 2014, isis allegedly became the richest jihadist group in the world after looting $429 usd million from mosul's central bank, according to the regional governor; a large quantity of gold bullion was also believed to have been stolen.
the masonry of the hall is of high quality and is thought to be the work of john lumley of northampton.	the masonry of the hall is considered to be high quality and is thought to be the work of john lumley of northampton.
speakers of american english incorrectly pronounce coup as coop and spell it without an accent.	speakers of american english pronounce coup as coop and spell it without an accent.
"durell peaden, a republican member of the florida senate until 2010 and one of the authors of the ""stand your ground"" law, said that zimmerman should be prosecuted."	"durell peaden, a member of the florida senate until 2010 and one of the authors of the ""stand your ground"" law, said that zimmerman should be prosecuted."
the railways of greece have a complex history which begin in 1869, with the completion of the then athens & piraeus railway, with parts of it also becoming the second-oldest underground metro system in the world.	the railways of greece have a history which begin in 1869, with the completion of the then athens & piraeus railway, with parts of it also becoming the second-oldest underground metro system in the world.
hillary diane rodham clinton (born october 26, 1947) is the junior united states senator from new york, and a leading candidate for the democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.	hillary diane rodham clinton (born october 26, 1947) is the junior united states senator from new york, and a current candidate for the democratic nomination in the 2008 presidential election.
the people of taiwan are officially chinese citizens under the republic of china government and the majority of the population are of ethnic han descent from the adjacent fujian province in mainland china.	the people of taiwan are officially chinese citizens under the republic of china government and the majority of the population are are regarded as ethnic han descent from the adjacent fujian province in mainland china.
mateo joined as a cast member on the third season of logo's popular reality series, rupaul's drag race, which premiered on the network in january 29, 2011. a very strong contestant from the beginning of the season, mateo won three of the main challenges (episodes 3, 4, and 9) before making it to the top three where he was eliminated in the season finale which aired on aprl 25, 2011. with a popular catchphrase (bam!)	mateo joined as a cast member on the third season of logo's reality series, rupaul's drag race, which premiered on the network in january 29, 2011. a very strong contestant from the beginning of the season, mateo won three of the main challenges (episodes 3, 4, and 9) before making it to the top three where he was eliminated in the season finale which aired on aprl 25, 2011. with a popular catchphrase (bam!)
"he is the original author of the song ""i'm confused"" which was made popular under the title ""dazed and confused"" when stolen by led zeppelin."	"he is the original author of the song ""i'm confused"" which was made popular under the title ""dazed and confused"" when adopted by led zeppelin."
fanny brice, american stage, screen, and radio comedienne	fanny brice, american stage, screen, and radio comedian
despite a cogent dissection of the second mayo cancer trial, the wave of adverse publicity effectively undercut pauling's credibility and his vitamin c work for a generation.	despite a dissection of the second mayo cancer trial, the wave of adverse publicity effectively undercut pauling's credibility and his vitamin c work for a generation.
in the wake of the 1948 arabisraeli war, and after the 1949 armistice agreements, umm tuba came under jordanian rule .	in the wake of the 1948 arabisraeli war, and after the 1949 armistice agreements, umm tuba came under jordanian occupation .
it features windows drm10 support as well as mp3 and wav (ogg and flac supported with updated us firmware v3.16) .	in august 2007 cowon announced the iaudio u5 at ifa 2007. the u5 features windows drm10 support as well as mp3 and wav (ogg and flac supported with updated us firmware v3.16) .
murderers at the belzec death camp, 1942	guards at the belzec death camp, 1942
these examples show the influence of those architects who, in the 6th century, built the splendid basilicas at sana and elsewhere in the arabian peninsula.	these examples show the influence of those architects who, in the 6th century, built the basilicas at sana and elsewhere in the arabian peninsula.
her shining moment came during these games, as a member of the u.s. women's team, often referred to as the magnificent 7 for their incredible talent and depth.	her shining moment came during these games, as a member of the u.s. women's team, often referred to as the magnificent 7 for their talent and depth.
in the atlanta area, zoo atlanta and stone mountain are major tourist attractions.	in the atlanta area, zoo atlanta and stone mountain are tourist attractions.
the fourth installment in his series was published on 12th march 2007. the genre of the book is a cross between science fiction and side-splitting comdey.	the fourth installment in his series was published on 12th march 2007. the genre of the book is a cross between science fiction and comdey.
a language or a mere dialect?	a language or a dialect?
taganrog was liberated on august 30, 1943.	taganrog was retaken by the ussr on august 30, 1943.
crockett bought out ole anderson's cwg, on april 6, 1985, and was re-elected nwa president; this was to help counter the wwf after it became the superior wrestling business after the first wrestlemania occurred.	crockett bought out ole anderson's cwg, on april 6, 1985, and was re-elected nwa president; this was to help counter the wwf after it became the dominant wrestling business after the first wrestlemania occurred.
dahlkemper is a moderate democrat.	dahlkemper is a democrat.
they have also been used to help determine the suspected causes of recent climate change by comparing the observed changes to those that the models predict from various natural and human derived forcing factors.	they have also been used to help determine the causes of recent climate change by comparing the observed changes to those that the models predict from various natural and human derived forcing factors.
the melbourne city council governs only the city of melbourne, which takes in the cbd and a few adjoining inner suburbs.	the melbourne city council governs the city of melbourne, which takes in the cbd and a few adjoining inner suburbs.
noted indian historians like r.s.	marxist indian historians like r.s.
victoria woodhull ne claflin, notorious suffragist, broker, and presidential candidate.	victoria woodhull ne claflin, suffragist, broker, and presidential candidate.
pakistani cleric maulana yousaf qureshi announces a $1 million bounty (plus a car) for killing the sic cartoonist who drew the prophet muhammad.	pakistani cleric maulana yousaf qureshi announces a $1 million bounty (plus a car) for killing the cartoonist who drew the prophet muhammad.
indiana jones 4 is the working title of the anticipated fourth film in the indiana jones series, which is set to be released worldwide on thursday, may 22, 2008. the film had been in development hell since shortly after the release of indiana jones and the last crusade, with various screenwriters and false production starts.	indiana jones 4 is the working title of the fourth film in the indiana jones series, which is set to be released worldwide on thursday, may 22, 2008. the film had been in development hell since shortly after the release of indiana jones and the last crusade, with various screenwriters and false production starts.
mr. peanut is the dandy advertising logo and mascot of planters, an american snack-food company and division of kraft foods.	mr. peanut is the advertising logo and mascot of planters, an american snack-food company and division of kraft foods.
a 5-8 to 3-7 foo the underdogs gave brennan a coveted championship medal.	a 5-8 to 3-7 foo the underdogs gave brennan a cork senior hurling championship medal.
joseph vincent paterno (born december 21, 1926, in brooklyn, new york), nicknamed joepa, is the iconic head coach of pennsylvania state university's college football team, a position he has held since 1966.	joseph vincent paterno (born december 21, 1926, in brooklyn, new york), nicknamed joepa, is the head coach of pennsylvania state university's college football team, a position he has held since 1966.
despite its bad reputation, some critics have argued that auto-tune opens up new possibilities in pop music, especially in hip-hop and r&b.	despite its negative reputation, some critics have argued that auto-tune opens up new possibilities in pop music, especially in hip-hop and r&b.
unfortunately , moore's credit was omitted due to a printing error, and despite quesada's apologies and the error being corrected in subsequent printings, moore declared he would no longer consider working for marvel.	however , moore's credit was omitted due to a printing error, and despite quesada's apologies and the error being corrected in subsequent printings, moore declared he would no longer consider working for marvel.
he retired in 1953 and worked in insurance until his death in 1979. during his retirement, he further tarnished his already-ruined legacy by repeatedly speaking out against the integration of the armed forces.	he retired in 1953 and worked in insurance until his death in 1979. during his retirement, he further tarnished his legacy by repeatedly speaking out against the integration of the armed forces.
the participants include many of the world's best poker players.	the participants include many of the world's most successful poker players.
regina (born c.780) was a concubine of charlemagne who bore him two illegitimate sons, both of whom became holy men.	regina (born c.780) was a concubine of charlemagne who bore him two illegitimate sons, both of whom became clerical men.
ironically in 2002 she was named business woman of the year by the national post.	in 2002 she was named business woman of the year by the national post.
he was also elected to the international hockey hall of fame in 1950 and the sports hall of fame of canada.	he was also elected to the hockey hall of fame in 1950 and the sports hall of fame of canada.
pepperberg counters cynic 's claims that alex has been taught a script by explaining that the controls and tests she uses make it impossible for him simply to recite words when she asks questions.	pepperberg counters critic 's claims that alex has been taught a script by explaining that the controls and tests she uses make it impossible for him simply to recite words when she asks questions.
in 1979, michael corleone (al pacino) is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the murder of his brother fredo.	in 1979, michael corleone (al pacino) is nearing 60 and wracked with guilt for his ruthless rise to power, especially ordering the killing of his brother fredo.
saughton house is a deceptively large government building fronting on broomhouse drive and houses the scottish executive, inland revenue, dvla and a number of other government offices.	saughton house is a large government building fronting on broomhouse drive and houses the scottish executive, inland revenue, dvla and a number of other government offices.
saparmurat niyazov, the recently deceased dictator of turkmenistan, ordered the construction of a huge ice palace near the capital city of agabat in april 2004, a remarkable project considering turkmenistan's climate.	saparmurat niyazov, the recently deceased president of turkmenistan, ordered the construction of a huge ice palace near the capital city of agabat in april 2004, a remarkable project considering turkmenistan's climate.
the term traditionalist school (whose perspective is generally referred to as traditionalism or perennialism) is used by many authors to denote a school of thought based upon a belief that all the world's great religions share the same origin (in god ) and are, at root, based on the same metaphysical principles.	the term traditionalist school (whose perspective is generally referred to as traditionalism or perennialism) is used by many authors to denote a school of thought based upon a belief that all the world's great religions share the same origin (in a primordial principle of transcendent unity ) and are, at root, based on the same metaphysical principles.
the name nautilus can also refer to nautilus speakers made by b&w, the next nautilus file manager for gnome, and a number of submarines named nautilus.	the name nautilus can also refer to nautilus speakers made by b&w, the nautilus file manager for gnome, and a number of submarines named nautilus.
alexandra de-gale (born 4 august 1984) is a 23 year old accounts executive from croydon, london.	alexandra de-gale (born 4 august 1984) is a 23 year old accounts clerk from croydon, london.
only 2.04% of the population are hispanic or latino of any race.	2.04% of the population are hispanic or latino of any race.
jane leeves (born 18 april 1961) is an english film, stage and television actress, comedienne , singer and dancer.	jane leeves (born 18 april 1961) is an english film, stage and television actress, comedian , singer and dancer.
in the 1930s the louche baron martin stillman von brabus shaved the pubic hair of his lover margaret, duchess of argyll into a representation of the mercedes-benz 3-pointed star.	in the 1930s the baron martin stillman von brabus shaved the pubic hair of his lover margaret, duchess of argyll into a representation of the mercedes-benz 3-pointed star.
it also contains many of arbuckle's favorite food gags and some great work by keaton.	it also contains many of arbuckle's favorite food gags and some well-received work by keaton.
more of ellis' whimsical work can be seen at .	more of ellis' work can be seen at .
roosevelt hated mellon, as the embodiment of everything that was bad about the 1920s; mellon vehemently denied the charges.	roosevelt hated mellon, as the embodiment of everything he thought was bad about the 1920s; mellon vehemently denied the charges.
the album was a surprise commercial success, reaching #2 on the billboard albums chart and #5 in the uk and selling over 3 million copies in the u.s.	the album was a commercial success, reaching #2 on the billboard albums chart and #5 in the uk and selling over 3 million copies in the u.s.
"in march 2007, the right-wing times columnist stephen pollard stated: ""there will not be many people who seriously challenge the claim that mrs beckett is the most hopeless foreign secretary of the modern political era."	"in march 2007, the times columnist stephen pollard stated: ""there will not be many people who seriously challenge the claim that mrs beckett is the most hopeless foreign secretary of the modern political era."
the journal had briefly appeared in 1958 as a cyclostyled magazine and a second issue, publishing cliff's pathbreaking essay on rosa luxemburg had appeared in 1959, but began regular publication in 1960. they also began publishing a paper called industrial worker in 1961 which was renamed labour worker in 1962. this was the forerunner of socialist worker which was launched in 1968 with roger protz as editor.	the journal had briefly appeared in 1958 as a cyclostyled magazine and a second issue, publishing cliff's essay on rosa luxemburg had appeared in 1959, but began regular publication in 1960. they also began publishing a paper called industrial worker in 1961 which was renamed labour worker in 1962. this was the forerunner of socialist worker which was launched in 1968 with roger protz as editor.
his unique discovery was that willpower is the biggest obstacle in any cure.	his discovery was that willpower is the biggest obstacle in any cure.
"5 1985"", a publication of the so-called ""institute for rewriting indian history"" in support of oak, saying his writings ""place in perspective some of the pertinent questions that arise on the subject."""	"5 1985"", a publication of the ""institute for rewriting indian history"" in support of oak, saying his writings ""place in perspective some of the pertinent questions that arise on the subject."""
temperamental housemate vesna had almada in tears within hours of her entry, by simply asking if she was born a man or a woman, however almada formed friendly bonds with the housemates.	temperamental housemate vesna had almada in tears within hours of her entry, by asking if she was born a man or a woman, however almada formed friendly bonds with the housemates.
despite the signing of many new stars , they failed to win any silverware, contributing to the biggest hiatus during pinto da costa's presidency, that goes back to 2013. they also equalized, in terms of goals conceded, their biggest defeat in european competitions (61 against aek athens) and suffered their biggest defeat in the uefa champions league (61 against bayern munich, after the 50 loss against arsenal in 2010).	despite the signing of many new players , they failed to win any silverware, contributing to the biggest hiatus during pinto da costa's presidency, that goes back to 2013. they also equalized, in terms of goals conceded, their biggest defeat in european competitions (61 against aek athens) and suffered their biggest defeat in the uefa champions league (61 against bayern munich, after the 50 loss against arsenal in 2010).
"every military buildup in the united states since wwii has been accompanied by frequent use of the truism ""there are no atheists in foxholes."""	"every military buildup in the united states since wwii has been accompanied by frequent use of the saying ""there are no atheists in foxholes."""
the show is a clever balance of the rocky relationship between don and charlie and of the efforts they make to fight crime.	the show is a balance of the rocky relationship between don and charlie and of the efforts they make to fight crime.
subversive american cartoon the simpsons is to receive a 23rd series.	american cartoon the simpsons is to receive a 23rd series.
bush decided soon afterward that the proper response was not just military attacks against al qaeda bases, but deposing the taliban altogether and installing in their place a u.s.-friendly democratic regime .	bush decided soon afterward that the proper response was not just military attacks against al qaeda bases, but deposing the taliban altogether and installing in their place a u.s.-friendly democratic government .
charles h. haskins (18701937), for example, made a convincing case for a renaissance of the 12th century.	charles h. haskins (18701937), for example, made a case for a renaissance of the 12th century.
gimp the gnu image manipulation program is a bitmap image editor that rivals photoshop	gimp the gnu image manipulation program is a bitmap image editor that is similar to photoshop
and the slovak state was recognized by the vatican just four months after it was founded.	and the slovak state was recognized by the vatican four months after it was founded.
fabrice begeorgi (born 20 april, 1987 in martigues) is a promising young french striker currently playing for tus koblenz on loan from olympique marseille.	fabrice begeorgi (born 20 april, 1987 in martigues) is a young french striker currently playing for tus koblenz on loan from olympique marseille.
according to some sources, edah hacharedit might have been funding the sikrikim through money allegedly laundered by edah activists arrested in jerusalem on january 15, 2012. the laundered money, allegedly from the sale of kosher food under the supervision of badatz yerushalayim, from donations, and from organizations in the williamsburg section of brooklyn, new york controlled by satmar hasidim, was allegedly paid for the logistics of violent street demonstrations and attacks on stores as well as for living expenses of sikrikim and their families.	according to some sources, edah hacharedit might have been funding the sikrikim through money allegedly laundered by edah activists arrested in jerusalem on january 15, 2012. the laundered money, allegedly from the sale of kosher food under the supervision of badatz yerushalayim, from donations, and from organizations in the williamsburg section of brooklyn, new york controlled by satmar hasidim, was allegedly paid for the logistics of street demonstrations and attacks on stores as well as for living expenses of sikrikim and their families.
however, according to the below-mentioned studies, the above advantages are somehow controversial:	however, according to the below-mentioned studies, the above advantages are controversial:
however, even augustine did not express his full protest, as he felt that the donatists had themselves perverted god's grace.	however, even augustine did not express his full protest, as he thought that the donatists had themselves perverted god's grace.
after christian vieri joined milan in july 2005, tomasson left the italian giants for stuttgart.	after christian vieri joined milan in july 2005, tomasson left the italian club for stuttgart.
released in the mid-1980s, the album was significant for being the first joan baez compilation to appear on cd, and remains one of the stronger collections of the her 1970's work.	released in the mid-1980s, the album was significant for being the first joan baez compilation to appear on cd, and remains one of the more comprehensive collections of the her 1970's work.
hezbollah or hezb-allah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist resistance group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.	hezbollah or hezb-allah (arabic , meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist group founded in 1982 to fight the israeli occupation in southern lebanon.
they are cheaper, a lot cleaner, and more productive than bear bile, making bear bile absolutely unnecessary.	they are cheaper, a lot cleaner, and more productive than bear bile, making bear bile unnecessary.
the disappearance attracted sustained international interest and saturation coverage in the uk reminiscent of the death of diana in 1997. the mccanns were subjected to intense scrutiny and false allegations of involvement in their daughter's death, particularly in the tabloid press and on twitter.	the disappearance attracted sustained international interest and saturation coverage in the uk reminiscent of the death of diana in 1997. the mccanns were subjected to intense scrutiny and allegations of involvement in their daughter's death, particularly in the tabloid press and on twitter.
siobhan o'hanlon, former pira terrorist and sinn fin activist (see , ).	siobhan o'hanlon, former pira member and sinn fin activist (see , ).
pennant is of jamaican descent, but has opted to represent england internationally; although he has played at under-21 level, he has not yet played for the senior team.	pennant is of jamaican descent, but has opted to represent england internationally; although he has played at under-21 level, he has not played for the senior team.
the following remarks (compiled by the non-partisan catholic league for religious and civil rights), shed light on the unconstitutional, abortion-related, religious test that many are advocating for nominee john roberts:	the following remarks (compiled by the non-partisan catholic league for religious and civil rights), shed light on what some consider to be an unconstitutional, abortion-related, religious test that many are advocating for nominee john roberts:
the trail continues along the ridge, affording spectacular views of the surrounding palouse country before dropping back into the forest.	the trail continues along the ridge, affording views of the surrounding palouse country before dropping back into the forest.
in religion, a prophet is an individual who has claimed to have been contacted by the supernatural or the divine, and to speak for them, serving as an intermediary with humanity, delivering this newfound knowledge from the supernatural entity to other people.	in religion, a prophet is an individual who has claimed to have been contacted by the supernatural or the divine, and to speak for them, serving as an intermediary with humanity, delivering this newfound knowledge from the supernatural source to other people.
"regarding such similarities, in an interview for official playstation magazine uk, god of war iii director stig asmussen actually praised the game, stating ""we've been intrigued about dante's inferno."	"regarding such similarities, in an interview for official playstation magazine uk, god of war iii director stig asmussen instead praised the game, stating ""we've been intrigued about dante's inferno."
genovese shared her kew gardens, queens, apartment with her lover , mary ann zielonko.	genovese shared her kew gardens, queens, apartment with her partner , mary ann zielonko.
he demonstrates his ability to clone himself using the people of the matrix as hosts, prompting a spectacular battle between neo and many clones of smith.	he demonstrates his ability to clone himself using the people of the matrix as hosts, prompting a battle between neo and many clones of smith.
jane curtin, american actress and comedienne	jane curtin, american actress and comedian
some scholars believe this is an error, since it describes the revolt of theudas, which would not actually take place for another ten years, as happening before that betrayal by judas, other scholars understand that the theudas mentioned in acts is not the theudas mentioned by josephus, but may be an unknown revolutionary with the same name, or may be another galillean named judas that led a revolt in 4 bce.	some scholars believe this is an error, since it describes the revolt of theudas, which would not actually take place for another ten years, as happening before that betrayal by judas, other scholars hold that the theudas mentioned in acts is not the theudas mentioned by josephus, but may be an unknown revolutionary with the same name, or may be another galillean named judas that led a revolt in 4 bce.
timothy daly (born james timothy daly on march 1 1956 in new york city, new york) is an emmy-nominated american stage, screen and voice actor, director and producer.	timothy daly (born james timothy daly on march 1 1956 in new york city, new york) is an american stage, screen and voice actor, director and producer.
"william nye (born november 27, 1955 in washington, d.c.) also known as ""bill nye the science guy,"" is an american comedian, television host, revolutionary science educator and mechanical engineer."	"william nye (born november 27, 1955 in washington, d.c.) also known as ""bill nye the science guy,"" is an american comedian, television host, science educator and mechanical engineer."
impact of circadian disruption	effect of circadian disruption
"it was originally christened ""bahia formosa"" (beautiful bay) by early portuguese explorers and lies on south africa's spectacular garden route 210 km from port elizabeth and +/- 600 km from cape town."	"it was originally named ""bahia formosa"" (beautiful bay) by early portuguese explorers and lies on south africa's spectacular garden route 210 km from port elizabeth and +/- 600 km from cape town."
with 69.4 million members, it is the largest religious denomination in the united states, comprising 22% of the population.	with 69.4 million members, it is the largest religious body in the united states, comprising 22% of the population.
the political and church personalities of the time discouraged involvement and as a result the usc became overwhelmingly protestant from its inception, although a number of moderate catholics did join.	the political and church personalities of the time discouraged involvement and as a result the usc became overwhelmingly protestant from its inception, although a number of catholics did join.
many of the second generation of doonesbury characters are attending walden, a venue trudeau uses to advance his concerns about slipping academic standards in america.	many of the second generation of doonesbury characters are attending walden, a venue trudeau uses to advance his concerns about academic standards in america.
control is a biopic film about the late ian curtis (1956-1980), lead singer of the legendary post-punk rock band joy division.	control is a biopic film about the late ian curtis (1956-1980), lead singer of the post-punk rock band joy division.
on january 26, 2012, activists delivered over 105,000 petition signatures for the referendum to the secretary of state's office, exceeding the minimum of 57,277 signatures required for initiatives in the state.	on january 26, 2012, supporters delivered over 105,000 petition signatures for the referendum to the secretary of state's office, exceeding the minimum of 57,277 signatures required for initiatives in the state.
"siuc is recognized in the prestigious us news rankings as a ""national university"", that is, a university which grants a variety of doctoral degrees and strongly emphasizes research."	"siuc is recognized in the us news rankings as a ""national university"", that is, a university which grants a variety of doctoral degrees and strongly emphasizes research."
in 1918, working in washington d.c., he met and married jenny mae pratt, a burlesque dancer and comedienne who performed as betty smith.	in 1918, working in washington d.c., he met and married jenny mae pratt, a burlesque dancer and comedian who performed as betty smith.
the pastena caves (italian: grotte di pastena) are a remarkable karst cave system located in the municipality of pastena, in the province of frosinone, lazio.	the pastena caves (italian: grotte di pastena) are a karst cave system located in the municipality of pastena, in the province of frosinone, lazio.
a former university philosophy professor in ethics at clark university in worcester, ma, she is a resident scholar at a organization called the american enterprise institute for public policy research, and a member of the board of advisors of the conservative foundation for individual rights in education.	a former university philosophy professor in ethics at clark university in worcester, ma, she is a resident scholar at a organization called the american enterprise institute for public policy research, and a member of the board of advisors of the foundation for individual rights in education.
in 1989 meek and others began a hate campaign again thorsson, exposing him of practicing dark arts and being a member of the temple of set, although this was well known within the asatru community and was never a secret.	in 1989 meek and others began a campaign again thorsson, exposing him of practicing dark arts and being a member of the temple of set, although this was well known within the asatru community and was never a secret.
whitaker's brilliant performance as the tormented internal affairs cop helped continue the show's popularity among viewers.	whitaker's performance as the tormented internal affairs cop helped continue the show's popularity among viewers.
edward d. dart, renowned modernist architect	edward d. dart, modernist architect
famous examples include the olympic dam, south australia and la candelaria, chile deposits.	some examples include the olympic dam, south australia and la candelaria, chile deposits.
ken shamrock (born kenneth wayne kilpatrick on february 11, 1964 in macon, georgia) is a legendary american mixed martial arts fighter and former professional wrestler.	ken shamrock (born kenneth wayne kilpatrick on february 11, 1964 in macon, georgia) is a american mixed martial arts fighter and former professional wrestler.
a similar sectarian stance was taken by sacks and his beth din when they prevented rabbi louis jacobs from being called up for the reading of the law on the saturday before his granddaughter's wedding.	a similar stance was taken by sacks and his beth din when they prevented rabbi louis jacobs from being called up for the reading of the law on the saturday before his granddaughter's wedding.
"potter fans have expressed mixed opinions about watson's portrayal of hermione granger: some feel she is perfect for the role; others believe watson fails to capture hermione's insecurities and flaws, and complain that she is far ""too pretty"" for the rolea sentiment shared by some film critics since, in the book series, hermione was generally described as being very ""plain"" (neither ""pretty"" nor ""ugly"")."	"potter fans have expressed mixed opinions about watson's portrayal of hermione granger: some feel she is perfect for the role; others believe watson fails to capture hermione's insecurities and flaws, and complain that she is ""too pretty"" for the rolea sentiment shared by some film critics since, in the book series, hermione was generally described as being very ""plain"" (neither ""pretty"" nor ""ugly"")."
the spectacular growth of the hispanic population through illegal immigration and high birth rates are noted as a partial factor for the us population gains in the last quarter-century.	the spectacular growth of the hispanic population through immigration and high birth rates are noted as a partial factor for the us population gains in the last quarter-century.
"on april 14, 2006, us state department released a statement that ""found no evidence that the site is being used for any function other than as a normal public hospital"", in a tour of the sujiatun site arranged by the chinese regime ."	"on april 14, 2006, us state department released a statement that ""found no evidence that the site is being used for any function other than as a normal public hospital"", in a tour of the sujiatun site arranged by the chinese government ."
until the passage of the social security act, the federal government had never mandated any form of insurance upon the nation as a whole, but this laudable program expanded the concept and acceptance of insurance as a means to achieve indidual financial security that might not otherwise be available.	until the passage of the social security act, the federal government had never mandated any form of insurance upon the nation as a whole, but this program expanded the concept and acceptance of insurance as a means to achieve indidual financial security that might not otherwise be available.
the ruling party in montenegro ever since multi-party system was introduced is the controversial democratic party of socialists of montenegro (dps) (demokratska partija socijalista crna gore), in coalition with the much smaller social democratic party of montenegro (sdp) (socijaldemokratska partija crne gore).	the ruling party in montenegro ever since multi-party system was introduced is the democratic party of socialists of montenegro (dps) (demokratska partija socijalista crna gore), in coalition with the much smaller social democratic party of montenegro (sdp) (socijaldemokratska partija crne gore).
favelas are definitely a disgrace to the country.	favelas are often considered a disgrace to the country.
creation according to genesis, the hebrew creation myth as told in the first book of genesis	creation according to genesis, the hebrew creation as told in the first book of genesis
it originated in 18th century britain, and thanks to vigorous missionary activity spread throughout the british empire, the united states, and beyond.	it originated in 18th century britain, and due to vigorous missionary activity spread throughout the british empire, the united states, and beyond.
three people were killed and more than 60 wounded, one of the dead being ira volunteer caoimhn mac brdaigh.	three people were killed and more than 60 wounded, one of the dead being ira member caoimhn mac brdaigh.
new hampshire politicians including u.s. senator kelly ayotte called on guinta to resign his house seat in light of the scandal , but he refused.	new hampshire politicians including u.s. senator kelly ayotte called on guinta to resign his house seat in light of the incident , but he refused.
when yin and yang rode in the mother-ship, chad was destroyed by one of themother -ship's lasers.	when yin and yang rode in the mother-ship, chad was destroyed by one of the mother -ship's lasers.
in 2007 he announced plans to destroy the green dome and flatten the tombs housed under it, including that of muhammad.	in 2007 he announced plans to demolish the green dome and flatten the tombs housed under it, including that of muhammad.
terri schiavo (born theresa marie schindler on december 3, 1963) is a severely brain damaged american woman whose estranged husband's efforts to remove her feeding tube and forbid anyone from attempting to feed her by mouth have prompted a fierce debate over euthanasia, domestic violence, guardianship, and the rights of the disabled.	terri schiavo (born theresa marie schindler on december 3, 1963) is a severely brain damaged american woman whose husband's efforts to remove her feeding tube and forbid anyone from attempting to feed her by mouth have prompted a fierce debate over euthanasia, domestic violence, guardianship, and the rights of the disabled.
in 2016 british artist carl randall painted the portrait of comedienne jo brand standing in front of the comedy store, as part of the artist's 'london portraits' series, where he asked various cultural figures to chose a place in london for the backdrop of their portraits.	in 2016 british artist carl randall painted the portrait of comedian jo brand standing in front of the comedy store, as part of the artist's 'london portraits' series, where he asked various cultural figures to chose a place in london for the backdrop of their portraits.
only michael and gabriel are mentioned by name in the holy bible.	only michael and gabriel are mentioned by name in the bible.
corneliu emil eugen chisu (born february 13, 1949) is a well-respected romanian-canadian politician, who was elected to the canadian house of commons in the 2011 election.	corneliu emil eugen chisu (born february 13, 1949) is a romanian-canadian politician, who was elected to the canadian house of commons in the 2011 election.
the station, canada's first multilingual broadcast outlet, was launched in 1966 by legendary toronto broadcaster johnny lombardi.	the station, canada's first multilingual broadcast outlet, was launched in 1966 by toronto broadcaster johnny lombardi.
korea under japanese rule was the culmination of a process that began with the japankorea treaty of 1876, whereby a complex coalition of meiji government, military, and business officials sought to subjugate korea both politically and economically as a protected state after the fashion of international law at the time.	korea under japanese rule was the culmination of a process that began with the japankorea treaty of 1876, whereby a complex coalition of meiji government, military, and business officials sought to dominate korea both politically and economically as a protected state after the fashion of international law at the time.
the pulse video release unfortunately edited out approximately 1 1/2 minutes of the ending solo much to the disappointment of floyd fans.	the pulse video release edited out approximately 1 1/2 minutes of the ending solo much to the disappointment of floyd fans.
apart from vojvodina and northern belgrade which were absorbed into the habsburg empire, central serbia was also included into austrian territory between 1688-1692 and 1788-1793. southwestern serbia (sanjak of novi pazar) remained under a de facto austro-hungarian occupation between 1878-1913, when it was temporarily returned to the ottomans, and conquered by kingdom of serbia the following year.	apart from vojvodina and northern belgrade which were absorbed into the habsburg empire, central serbia was also included into austrian territory between 1688-1692 and 1788-1793. southwestern serbia (sanjak of novi pazar) remained under a de facto austro-hungarian occupation between 1878-1913, when it was temporarily returned to the ottomans, and annexed by kingdom of serbia the following year.
the department was split from the department of the treasury in 1976 with the aim to separate financial oversight functions from economic policy functions generally, emulating changes canadian prime minister pierre trudeau had introduced to his bureaucracy .	the department was split from the department of the treasury in 1976 with the aim to separate financial oversight functions from economic policy functions generally, emulating changes canadian prime minister pierre trudeau had introduced to his government .
"in the 1970s and 80s, this theory was attacked by some historians based on okura's kabane ""omi"" not generally being given to foreigners, and the shinsen shojiroku (japanese wikipedia) listing the yamanoue clan as being of imperial descent."	"in the 1970s and 80s, this theory was challenged by some historians based on okura's kabane ""omi"" not generally being given to foreigners, and the shinsen shojiroku (japanese wikipedia) listing the yamanoue clan as being of imperial descent."
in planning the operation, the cia organized a guerrilla force in case the stalinist tudeh party seized power as a result of the chaos created by operation ajax.	in planning the operation, the cia organized a guerrilla force in case the communist tudeh party seized power as a result of the chaos created by operation ajax.
the film was splendidly shot in black-and-white by loyal griggs, who composed his scenes in the scope format often using deep focus (griggs was nominated for a best cinematographer academy award for his work).	the film was shot in black-and-white by loyal griggs, who composed his scenes in the scope format often using deep focus (griggs was nominated for a best cinematographer academy award for his work).
action on smoking and health (ash) is a fake charity which seeks to publicise the health risks associated with tobacco smoking and campaigns for greater restrictions thereon.	action on smoking and health (ash) is a pressure group/ charity which seeks to publicise the health risks associated with tobacco smoking and campaigns for greater restrictions thereon.
two of his four brothers are policemen and one is a firefighter.	two of his four brothers are police officers and one is a firefighter.
the theorem is also known as the schroeder-bernstein theorem, but the trend has been to add cantor's name, thus properly crediting him for the original version.	the theorem is also known as the schroeder-bernstein theorem, but the trend has been to add cantor's name, thus crediting him for the original version.
the town once boasted one of the busiest rail connections on the island, serving both irish gauge and narrow gauge lines.	the town once had one of the busiest rail connections on the island, serving both irish gauge and narrow gauge lines.
the journey museum has several teen and adult classes available throughout the year.	the journey museum has a few teen and adult classes available throughout the year.
logitech harmony remote is a high-tech line of universal remote controls manufactured and sold by logitech.	logitech harmony remote is a line of universal remote controls manufactured and sold by logitech.
the amazing race 13 will be the thirteenth installment of the popular five time emmy award winner reality television show the amazing race.	the amazing race 13 will be the thirteenth installment of the five time emmy award winner reality television show the amazing race.
the battle took place in the strategically important azeri mountain town of shusha (known as shushi to armenians) on the evening of may 8, 1992, and fighting swiftly concluded the following day after armenian forces captured and drove out the defending azeris.	the battle took place in the strategically important mountain town of shusha (known as shushi to armenians) on the evening of may 8, 1992, and fighting swiftly concluded the following day after armenian forces captured and drove out the defending azeris.
google adsense is a program run by google inc. that allows publishers in the google network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, and rich media adverts that are targeted to site content and audience.	google adsense is a program run by google inc. that allows publishers in the google network of content sites to serve automatic text, image, video, and media adverts that are targeted to site content and audience.
the european geoparks network, often known as the egn, is a trans-national partnership of geoparks across europe formed in 2000 to provide mutual support to established and prospective geoparks across the continent.	the european geoparks network, also known as the egn, is a trans-national partnership of geoparks across europe formed in 2000 to provide mutual support to established and prospective geoparks across the continent.
mikhail nikolaevitch baryshnikov (born january 28, 1948) is a soviet-born latvian american dancer, choreographer, and actor, often cited alongside vaslav nijinsky and rudolf nureyev as one of the greatest ballet dancers of the 20th century.	mikhail nikolaevitch baryshnikov (born january 28, 1948) is a soviet-born russian american dancer, choreographer, and actor, often cited alongside vaslav nijinsky and rudolf nureyev as one of the greatest ballet dancers of the 20th century.
democratic underground - liberal rival of free republic	democratic underground - liberal counterpart of free republic
after the tragedy of karbala, sixteen days of suffering the miseries, the tortures and calamities for the ahl al-bayt, they reached damascus.	after the battle of karbala, sixteen days of suffering the miseries, the tortures and calamities for the ahl al-bayt, they reached damascus.
providence was founded in 1636 by roger williams, a protestant exile from the massachusetts bay colony.	providence was founded in 1636 by roger williams, a religious exile from the massachusetts bay colony.
"although the act permitted all belligerents to be supplied on a ""cash and carry"" basis, this benefitted the united kingdom and france since they controlled the sea lanes."	"although the act permitted all belligerents to be supplied on a ""cash and carry"" basis, this benefited the united kingdom and france since they controlled the sea lanes."
in a 2001 interview with texas monthly magazine, paul acknowledged that the comments were printed in his newsletter under his name, but claimed that they did not represent his views and that they were written by a ghostwriter.	in a 2001 interview with texas monthly magazine, paul acknowledged that the comments were printed in his newsletter under his name, but said that they did not represent his views and that they were written by a ghostwriter.
it is estimated that up to 40 more followers have since moved to wilkesdale which is located near kingaroy.	it is estimated that up to 40 more people have since moved to wilkesdale which is located near kingaroy.
promotion and relegation have the effect of regularly rearranging the leagues according to the teams' playing strength, and also prevents the games of the lower-ranked teams of each division from becoming boring towards the end of the season.	promotion and relegation have the effect of regularly rearranging the leagues according to the teams' playing strength, and also prevents the games of the lower-ranked teams of each division from becoming less meaningful towards the end of the season.
it continues to make no impact on mainstream academic psychology, and only limited impact on mainstream psychotherapy and counselling.	it continues to make little impact on mainstream academic psychology, and only limited impact on mainstream psychotherapy and counselling.
since then he featured in over 100 films as a comedienne and supporting actor.	since then he featured in over 100 films as a comedian and supporting actor.
"guevara and the 29-year-old alberto soon set off from their hometown of alta gracia, riding a 1939 norton 500 cc motorcycle grandiosely named la poderosa ii meaning ""the mighty one"", with the idea of spending a few weeks volunteering at the san pablo leper colony in peru on the banks of the amazon river during the trip."	"guevara and the 29-year-old alberto soon set off from their hometown of alta gracia, riding a 1939 norton 500 cc motorcycle named la poderosa ii meaning ""the mighty one"", with the idea of spending a few weeks volunteering at the san pablo leper colony in peru on the banks of the amazon river during the trip."
"he played with great style and passion, although often with a seemingly ""untidy"" technique."	"he played with style and passion, although often with a seemingly ""untidy"" technique."
although earlier settlements were possible, the founding of the town is traced to the late xviii century by the azerbaijani karabakh khan, and was thus called khankendi (khan's village in azerbaijani).	although earlier settlements were possible, the founding of the town is traced to the late xviii century by the persian-ruled karabakh khan, and was thus called khankendi (khan's village in azerbaijani).
buddy bradley is a comic book character created by peter bagge and featured in the niche comic books hate and neat stuff.	buddy bradley is a comic book character created by peter bagge and featured in the comic books hate and neat stuff.
it is widely considered one of his darkest and most powerful tragedies.	it is considered one of his darkest and most powerful tragedies.
- the controversial cartoons of prophet muhammad, first published in jyllands-posten in september 2005. click here for larger versions of the cartoons.	- the controversial cartoons of muhammad, first published in jyllands-posten in september 2005. click here for larger versions of the cartoons.
thus, nycz predicts that popieuszko will hopefully be canonised (declared a saint by the vatican) soon.	thus, nycz predicts that popieuszko will likely be canonised (declared a saint by the vatican) soon.
notable modern two-spirits	modern two-spirits
a study by the climatic research unit discovers conclusive evidence of human-influenced climate change in antarctica.	a study by the climatic research unit claims to deliver conclusive evidence of human-influenced climate change in antarctica.
in 2005, the popular india's most wanted show on india tv ran an expos that accused several bollywood figures (including shakti kapoor and aman verma) of seeking sexual favors from young actresses.	in 2005, the india's most wanted show on india tv ran an expos that accused several bollywood figures (including shakti kapoor and aman verma) of seeking sexual favors from young actresses.
he wrote and published regularly until the 1980's when he became more active painting, proofreading and editing, until 2010 when he reappeared as the featured poet in able muse, inaugural print edition, with interview and brand new poems.	he wrote and published regularly until the 1980's when he became more active painting, proofreading and editing, until 2010 when he reappeared as the featured poet in able muse, inaugural print edition, with interview and some new poems.
the crisis completely overturned this relationship.	the crisis overturned this relationship.
he also cofounded the indypendent, a monthly newspaper based in new york city which focuses on social and economic justice .	he also cofounded the indypendent, a monthly newspaper based in new york city which focuses on social and economic issues .
gilad shalit (; born 28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was abducted by hamas terrorists on 25 june 2006. shalit, a member of the idf's armor corps, holds the rank of corporal and is the first israeli soldier taken as a pow by palestinians since nachshon wachsman in 1994. he was abducted by hamas and is one of three israeli soldiers to have been abducted by militants.	gilad shalit (; born 28 august 1986) is an israeli soldier who was abducted by hamas forces on 25 june 2006. shalit, a member of the idf's armor corps, holds the rank of corporal and is the first israeli soldier taken as a pow by palestinians since nachshon wachsman in 1994. he was abducted by hamas and is one of three israeli soldiers to have been abducted by militants.
the album art was designed by famed fantasy artist ken kelly, who had drawn tarzan and conan the barbarian.	the album art was designed by american fantasy artist ken kelly, who had drawn tarzan and conan the barbarian.
rabbi babad's first wife is not known; he later married the sister of chaim halberstam, and on her passing he again remarried.	rabbi babad's first wife is not known; he later married the sister of chaim halberstam, and on her death he again remarried.
it is also associated with nuclear power which had its genesis in the research of that decade.	it is also associated with nuclear armament which had its genesis in the research of that decade.
"since god took ""one"" ( 'echad) of adam's tsela`, it is clear that an individual object, not an entire ""side"" of adam's is intended."	"since god took ""one"" ( 'echad) of adam's tsela`, it is possible that an individual object, not an entire ""side"" of adam's is intended."
killa sin is arguably the best-known member of killarmy and is regarded as one of the most skilled wu-tang clan affiliates.	killa sin is considered the best-known member of killarmy and is regarded as one of the most skilled wu-tang clan affiliates.
the al qa'qaa high explosives controversy is over the question of when the iaea-sealed explosives were lost from their bunkers; whether it happened before, during or after the invasion of iraq.	the al qa'qaa high explosives controversy is over the question of when the iaea-sealed explosives were removed from their bunkers; whether it happened before, during or after the invasion of iraq.
"for more on this notorious interview and its aftermath, see ""only a god can save us,"" der spiegel interview with heidegger (1966) and jrgen habermas, ""work and weltanschauung: the heidegger controversy from a german perspective."""	"for more on this interview and its aftermath, see ""only a god can save us,"" der spiegel interview with heidegger (1966) and jrgen habermas, ""work and weltanschauung: the heidegger controversy from a german perspective."""
in march 2017, fox featured on the cover of harper's bazaar arabia and in september, she also graced the cover of harper's bazaar vietnam, as part of a cover series alongside shanina shaik, elyse taylor, chanel iman, hilary rhoda and tobias sorensen.	in march 2017, fox featured on the cover of harper's bazaar arabia and in september, she also appeared on the cover of harper's bazaar vietnam, as part of a cover series alongside shanina shaik, elyse taylor, chanel iman, hilary rhoda and tobias sorensen.
"some of the famous songs from bethel music include ""this is amazing grace"" and ""in your light"" from the album for the sake of the world."	"some of the songs from bethel music include ""this is amazing grace"" and ""in your light"" from the album for the sake of the world."
the ultra competitive program began in the fall of 2006 and accommodates up to 3 students per year.	the competitive program began in the fall of 2006 and accommodates up to 3 students per year.
it has been said that gonzo porn, compared with pornographic features, is especially hard , both physically and mentally, for the women involved in the films.	it has been said that gonzo porn, compared with pornographic features, is especially difficult , both physically and mentally, for the women involved in the films.
remote viewing (rv) is the process by which a person can gather information through paranormal means on a remote target that is hidden from physical view and typically separated from the viewer at some distance, and is a form of extra-sensory perception.	remote viewing (rv) is the process by which a person attempts to gather information through paranormal means on a remote target that is hidden from physical view and typically separated from the viewer at some distance, and is a form of extra-sensory perception.
"ron karenga (born july 14, 1941), also known as ron everett, is an african-american author and political activist, best known as the founder of kwanzaa, a fake holiday first celebrated by african-americans in california, december 26, 1966 to january 1, 1967. karenga is commonly called ""maulana"" ,a title meaning ""master teacher"" in swahili."	"ron karenga (born july 14, 1941), also known as ron everett, is an african-american author and political activist, best known as the founder of kwanzaa, a holiday first celebrated by african-americans in california, december 26, 1966 to january 1, 1967. karenga is commonly called ""maulana"" ,a title meaning ""master teacher"" in swahili."
the 2006 election saw bob casey, jr. as the first democrat elected to a full term in the u.s. senate since joseph s. clark narrowly won re-election in 1962. in the 2008 presidential election, democratic nominee barack obama easily carried the state, while in the house elections the democratic party won an additional seat (the 3rd), and expanded their narrow lead in the state house from 102-101 to 104-99. however, the republican party expanded their lead in the state senate from 29-21 to 30-20.	the 2006 election saw bob casey, jr. as the first democrat elected to a full term in the u.s. senate since joseph s. clark narrowly won re-election in 1962. in the 2008 presidential election, democratic nominee barack obama carried the state, while in the house elections the democratic party won an additional seat (the 3rd), and expanded their narrow lead in the state house from 102-101 to 104-99. however, the republican party expanded their lead in the state senate from 29-21 to 30-20.
the visual layout of any keyboard can be changed by simply replacing its keys or attaching labels to them, and in many cases the layout can even be changed by rearranging the existing keys, such as to change an english-language keyboard from the common -but-problematic qwerty to the dvorak layout, although for touch typists, the placement of the tactile bumps on the home keys is of more practical importance than that of the visual markings.	the visual layout of any keyboard can be changed by simply replacing its keys or attaching labels to them, and in many cases the layout can even be changed by rearranging the existing keys, such as to change an english-language keyboard from the common qwerty to the dvorak layout, although for touch typists, the placement of the tactile bumps on the home keys is of more practical importance than that of the visual markings.
coulrophobia, sometimes incorrectly called bozophobia, is the fear of clowns.	coulrophobia, sometimes called bozophobia, is the fear of clowns.
concepts are the fundamental building blocks of our thoughts and beliefs.	concepts are the fundamental building blocks of thoughts and beliefs.
it influenced the presidential administrations of ronald reagan and george w. bush, representing a realignment in american politics, and the defection of some liberals to the right of the political spectrum; hence the term, which refers to being 'new' conservatives.	it influenced the presidential administrations of ronald reagan and george w. bush, representing a realignment in american politics, and the transition of some liberals to the right of the political spectrum; hence the term, which refers to being 'new' conservatives.
9th century) was a minor tang dynasty chinese buddhist poet in guoqing temple, in the tiantai mountain range on the east china sea coast; roughly contemporary with hanshan and fenggan, but younger than either.	9th century) was a tang dynasty chinese buddhist poet in guoqing temple, in the tiantai mountain range on the east china sea coast; roughly contemporary with hanshan and fenggan, but younger than either.
oracle also appeared in the much-derided video game batman: dark tomorrow.	oracle also appeared in the video game batman: dark tomorrow.
it traces its origins to the original christian community founded by jesus christ and spread by the twelve apostles, in particular saint peter.	it claims to trace its origins to the original christian community founded by jesus christ and spread by the twelve apostles, in particular saint peter.
world youth day is a youth-oriented roman catholic church promotional event.	world youth day is a youth-oriented roman catholic church event.
hostage qualified on the raptor in june 2012. but he soon stepped down from the cockpit after admitting that the limited flight hours available needed to be reserved for the actual pilots.	hostage qualified on the raptor in june 2012. but he soon stepped down from the cockpit after admitting that the flight hours available needed to be reserved for the actual pilots.
she went on to become an actress and comedienne who has worked on the jamie foxx show, and starred in the oxygen sketch comedy series girls behaving badly.	she went on to become an actress and comedian who has worked on the jamie foxx show, and starred in the oxygen sketch comedy series girls behaving badly.
the extensive pre-broadcast controversy over the film has included disputes over the accuracy of its dramatization of key events, as well as calls by former clinton administration offcials for abc to censure part of the film or not broadcast it at all.	the extensive pre-broadcast controversy over the film has included disputes over the accuracy of its dramatization of key events, as well as calls by former clinton administration offcials for abc to re-edit part of the film or not broadcast it at all.
however, coptic christian estimates say that they constitute nearly 20% of the total population .	however, coptic christian estimates say that they constitute up to 20% of the total population .
historians chiefly requiring extra-biblical evidence, also called biblical minimalists, suggest that moses never actually existed as a historical figure, and that the exodus is mythical.	historians chiefly requiring extra-biblical evidence, also called biblical minimalists, state that moses never actually existed as a historical figure, and that the exodus is mythical.
the gastrocnemius muscle (plural gastrocnemii) is a powerful superficial two-headed muscle that is in the back part of the lower leg of humans.	the gastrocnemius muscle (plural gastrocnemii) is a superficial two-headed muscle that is in the back part of the lower leg of humans.
parker duofoldsthe parker duofold is one of the most recognizable and enduring fountain pen designs ever .	parker duofoldsthe parker duofold is one of the most recognizable and enduring fountain pen designs.
bioficial (1991-06-01)	neutral (1991-06-01)
harassment of family and associates	treatment of family and associates
"sam melville, notorious as ""mad bomber"" in 1960s, a weather underground member rightfully killed by nys troopers in assault 9/13/71 ."	"sam melville, notorious as ""mad bomber"" in 1960s, a weather underground member killed by nys troopers in assault 9/13/71 ."
manjaro linux, or just manjaro (pronounced like kilimanjaro), is a gnu/ linux distribution, with xfce as its default user interface.	manjaro linux, or just manjaro (pronounced like kilimanjaro), is a linux distribution, with xfce as its default user interface.
he briefly accompanied his father emperor amha selassie when he moved to virginia in the us in 1989, but later returned to england and resided for a time in manchester.	he briefly accompanied his father amha selassie when he moved to virginia in the us in 1989, but later returned to england and resided for a time in manchester.
the detention center was successful for thirty years; however, there were many concerns about the sanitation and safety of the immigrants at angel island, which proved to be true in 1940 when the administration building burned down.	the detention center was in operation for thirty years; however, there were many concerns about the sanitation and safety of the immigrants at angel island, which proved to be true in 1940 when the administration building burned down.
terror is a strong state of fear, an overwhelming sense of imminent danger.	terror is a state of fear, an overwhelming sense of imminent danger.
underpinned by theories of social science and guided by principles of social justice , human rights, collective responsibility, and respect for diversity, social work engages people and structures to address life challenges and enhance well-being.	underpinned by theories of social science and guided by principles of social control and engineering , human rights , collective responsibility, and respect for diversity, social work engages people and structures to address life challenges and enhance well-being.
although the nfl in 2004 is dominated at virtually every position by african-american athletes, that was not always the case.	although the nfl in 2004 is well-represented at virtually every position by african-american athletes, that was not always the case.
his most famous role was the brilliant portrayal of the cannibalistic serial killer hannibal lecter in the film the silence of the lambs (for which he won the academy award for best actor) opposite jodie foster as clarice starling, who also won the academy award for best actress that year.	his most famous role was the portrayal of the cannibalistic serial killer hannibal lecter in the film the silence of the lambs (for which he won the academy award for best actor) opposite jodie foster as clarice starling, who also won the academy award for best actress that year.
"aristotle's word for ""cause"" is the greek , aition, a neuter , singular form of an adjective meaning ""responsible."""	"aristotle's word for ""cause"" is the greek , aition, a neutral , singular form of an adjective meaning ""responsible."""
"given this historical contribution, astrology has been called a protoscience along with pseudosciences such as alchemy (see ""western astrology and alchemy"" below)."	"given this historical contribution, astrology has been called a protoscience along with disciplines such as alchemy (see ""western astrology and alchemy"" below)."
he has tackled the far right and muslim extremists in media debates.	he has opposed the far right and muslim extremists in media debates.
bones supporting the gill arches of a jawless fish allegedly adapted to support the lower jaw of reptiles, and later become the tiny hammer, anvil, and stirrup of the mammalian middle ear.	bones supporting the gill arches of a jawless fish according to evolutionary theory adapted to support the lower jaw of reptiles, and later become the tiny hammer, anvil, and stirrup of the mammalian middle ear.
this zone includes st. george's hill which provided visitors with a spectacular view of the volcano and the destruction it has wrought upon the capital.	this zone includes st. george's hill which provided visitors with a view of the volcano and the destruction it has wrought upon the capital.
that flaw was edited, and a corrected version appears on the the 1997 re-release of the cd (a terrific live version, recorded on the band's final date of their 1982 tour in toronto, appears as a bonus track on the re-release).	that flaw was edited, and a corrected version appears on the the 1997 re-release of the cd (a live version, recorded on the band's final date of their 1982 tour in toronto, appears as a bonus track on the re-release).
(u.s._tv_series), actress and comedienne aisha tyler learned that congressman john hancock was her great-great-great-grandfather.	(u.s._tv_series), actress and comedian aisha tyler learned that congressman john hancock was her great-great-great-grandfather.
the uproarious restaurant scene was filmed in an actual upscale restaurant, bridges restaurant & bar, in downtown danville, california; bridges is still in operation.	the restaurant scene was filmed in an actual upscale restaurant, bridges restaurant & bar, in downtown danville, california; bridges is still in operation.
the 2006 duke university lacrosse case was a scandal that started in march 2006 when crystal gail mangum, an african american stripper, escort and student at north carolina central university, falsely accused three white american members of duke university's men's lacrosse team of raping her at a party held at the house of two of the team's captains in durham, north carolina, usa on march 13,2006. many involved in the case, including prosecutor mike nifong, called the alleged assault a hate crime or suggested it might be one.	the 2006 duke university lacrosse case was a scandal that started in march 2006 when crystal gail mangum, an african american stripper, escort and student at north carolina central university, falsely accused three white members of duke university's men's lacrosse team of raping her at a party held at the house of two of the team's captains in durham, north carolina, usa on march 13,2006. many involved in the case, including prosecutor mike nifong, called the alleged assault a hate crime or suggested it might be one.
according to minimalists , their placement in the biblical corpus suggests a babylonian origin, possibly inserted during the babylonian captivity .	according to some , their placement in the biblical corpus suggests a babylonian origin, possibly inserted during the babylonian captivity .
eyp, a low-class man living in a slum at yedikule neighbourhood in stanbul with his wife and only son; who is in fact the driver of servet, wakes up in the middle of the night with his cell phone ringing.	eyp, a man living in a slum at yedikule neighbourhood in stanbul with his wife and only son; who is in fact the driver of servet, wakes up in the middle of the night with his cell phone ringing.
the company has staged a dramatic performance of vivienne westwood's active resistance to propaganda manifesto at the blooomsbury ballroom on friday 4 december 2009. the performance included vivienne westwood and michelle ryan.	the company has staged a performance of vivienne westwood's active resistance to propaganda manifesto at the blooomsbury ballroom on friday 4 december 2009. the performance included vivienne westwood and michelle ryan.
a member of the moderate democratic leadership council, kerry has co-sponsored senate legislation with such prominent conservatives as pennsylvania's rick santorum.	a member of the democratic leadership council, kerry has co-sponsored senate legislation with such prominent conservatives as pennsylvania's rick santorum.
"irving ""yitz"" greenberg - founder of clal; engaged in creating a pluralistic theology and inter-denominational cooperation; is viewed as belonging to the fringe left-wing of the movement."	"irving ""yitz"" greenberg - founder of clal; engaged in creating a pluralistic theology and inter-denominational cooperation; is viewed as belonging to the left-wing of the movement."
he is a versatile defensive midfielder who can also play in defence.	he is a defensive midfielder who can also play in defence.
from ancient times, christian emphasis on practical charity gave rise to the development of systematic nursing and hospitals and the church remains the single greatest private provider of medical care and research facilities in the world.	from ancient times, christian emphasis on practical charity gave rise to the development of systematic nursing and hospitals and the church remains the single largest private provider of medical care and research facilities in the world.
eichmann was kidnapped by a team of mossad and shabak agents in a suburb of buenos aires on may 11, 1960, as part of a covert operation.	eichmann was captured by a team of mossad and shabak agents in a suburb of buenos aires on may 11, 1960, as part of a covert operation.
caozaiguo or shuquguo is a type of kuih with a sweet dough made with glutinous rice flour, sugar, and a ground cooked paste of hahagohusa or chinese mugwort.	caozaiguo or shuquguo is a type of kuih with a sweet dough made with glutinous rice flour, sugar, and a ground cooked paste of jersey cudweed or chinese mugwort.
since the infamous pentium fdiv bug, the complicated floating point units of modern microprocessors have been designed with extra scrutiny.	since the pentium fdiv bug, the complicated floating point units of modern microprocessors have been designed with extra scrutiny.
redirect wind energy	redirect wind power
one excellent introduction to the case is nelson, william e. marbury v. madison: the origins and legacy of judicial review.	one introduction to the case is nelson, william e. marbury v. madison: the origins and legacy of judicial review.
after cops quizzed the pair, it was discovered that there was a $25,000 warrant for the fallen star's arrest.	after cops quizzed the pair, it was discovered that there was a $25,000 warrant for the star's arrest.
arthur hendrix (born october 7, 1912 in birmingham, alabama - april 22, 1988 in lakeland, florida) was an important american amateur tennis player in the 1930s.	arthur hendrix (born october 7, 1912 in birmingham, alabama - april 22, 1988 in lakeland, florida) was an american amateur tennis player in the 1930s.
he was member of parliament for scarborough and whitby for two terms until being unexpectedly ousted by conservative candidate robert goodwill in the united kingdom general election of 2005. lawrie lost the seat by 1,245 votes.	he was member of parliament for scarborough and whitby for two terms until being ousted by conservative candidate robert goodwill in the united kingdom general election of 2005. lawrie lost the seat by 1,245 votes.
the rae (real academia espaola), in association with twenty-one other national language academies, exercises a prudent influence through its publication of dictionaries and widely respected grammar guides and style guides.	the rae (real academia espaola), in association with twenty-one other national language academies, exercises a controlling influence through its publication of dictionaries and widely respected grammar guides and style guides.
the reliable replacement warhead (rrw) is a controversial new american nuclear warhead design and bomb family that is intended to be simple, reliable and to provide a long-lasting, low maintenance future nuclear force for the united states.	the reliable replacement warhead (rrw) is a new american nuclear warhead design and bomb family that is intended to be simple, reliable and to provide a long-lasting, low maintenance future nuclear force for the united states.
ivanov also owns the constellation egg, which is also displayed in the faberge museum.	ivanov also claims ownership of the constellation egg, which is also displayed in the faberge museum.
in may 1945, bleiburg was the initial location of the so-called bleiburg massacre, in the course of which yugoslav partisans killed thousands of croatian ustashe, domobrans and civil population withdrawing with them.	in may 1945, bleiburg was the initial location of the bleiburg massacre, in the course of which yugoslav partisans killed thousands of croatian ustashe, domobrans and civil population withdrawing with them.
jihad watch (or jihadwatch; also dhimmi watch)  blogs and articles attacking islamism.	jihad watch (or jihadwatch; also dhimmi watch)  blogs and articles criticizing islamism.
mcguinness has acknowledged that he is a former ira member but claims that he left the ira in 1974. he originally joined the official ira, unaware of the split at the december 1969 army convention, switching to the provisional ira soon after.	mcguinness has acknowledged that he is a former ira member but says that he left the ira in 1974. he originally joined the official ira, unaware of the split at the december 1969 army convention, switching to the provisional ira soon after.
upright=0.75|the r. tait mckenzie sculpture ideal scout depicts a scout in proper uniform	upright=0.75|the r. tait mckenzie sculpture ideal scout depicts a scout in traditional uniform
he died tragically at the age of 44 in an alcohol-related, single-car crash.	he died at the age of 44 in an alcohol-related, single-car crash.
despite significant pressure, apple has failed to license the mac os to computers manufactured outside the company.	despite significant pressure, apple has chosen not to license the mac os to computers manufactured outside the company.
two of corbly's daughters, delilah and elizabeth, lived after brutal scalpings.	two of corbly's daughters, delilah and elizabeth, lived after scalpings.
as of july 31, 2006 the forums have received almost 40 million posts by over 80,000 members, and remain notably popular despite the unusual feature of charging an initial fee for posting privileges.	as of july 31, 2006 the forums have received almost 40 million posts by over 80,000 members, and remain popular despite the unusual feature of charging an initial fee for posting privileges.
women with larger or pendulous breasts had the choice of long-line bras, built-up backs, wedge-shaped inserts between the cups, wider straps, power lastex, firm bands under the cup, and light boning.	with larger or pendulous breasts had the choice of long-line bras, built-up backs, wedge-shaped inserts between the cups, wider straps, power lastex, firm bands under the cup, and light boning.
kees kooman's book shows fanny blankers-koen to have been a rather egoistic woman, who found it difficult to give love and most of all always wanted to win.	kees kooman's book portrays fanny blankers-koen to have been a rather egoistic woman, who found it difficult to give love and most of all always wanted to win.
monckton has also used the blog to issue rebuttals to critics of the skeptical position he takes towards the issue of anthropogenic global warming.	monckton has also used the blog to issue rebuttals to critics of the position he takes towards the issue of anthropogenic global warming.
harley's psychotic lover, the joker, finds out about her predicament and tortures belle reve security officer griggs into leading him to the facility where the nano bombs are made.	harley's homicidal lover, the joker, finds out about her predicament and tortures belle reve security officer griggs into leading him to the facility where the nano bombs are made.
"the hostages were in fact released at the precise moment of reagan's inauguration on january 20, 1981, confirming these rumors that the reagan campaign did in fact make a ""secret hostage deal with the iranian government"" whereby the iranians would hold the hostages until reagan was inaugurated, ensuring that carter would lose the election."	"the hostages were in fact released at the precise moment of reagan's inauguration on january 20, 1981, supporting these rumors that the reagan campaign did in fact make a ""secret hostage deal with the iranian government"" whereby the iranians would hold the hostages until reagan was inaugurated, ensuring that carter would lose the election."
that the twelve apostles and others closest to jesus were all jewish christians is clearly confirmed by jesus statement that his mission is directed only to those of the house of israel and by the fact that only after the death of jesus did the apostles agree with paul that the teaching of the gospel could be extended to uncircumcised gentiles .	that the twelve apostles and others closest to jesus were all jewish christians is clearly implied by jesus statement that his mission is directed only to those of the house of israel and by the fact that only after the death of jesus did the apostles agree with paul that the teaching of the gospel could be extended to uncircumcised gentiles .
alnoor kassam is a local businessman and corrupt entrepreneur.	alnoor kassam is a local businessman and entrepreneur.
"he is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time; his success on clay has earned him the nickname ""the king of clay"", and has prompted several experts to regard him as the greatest clay court player in history."	"he is regarded as one of the greatest players of all time; his success on clay has earned him the nickname ""the king of clay"", and has prompted several experts to regard him as the greatest clay court player in history."
according to tristan, the original 60 standing stones of brodgar (right on the 60th parallel) is a further proof of the alleged astronomical and mathematical capabilities of the megalithic civilization.	according to tristan, the original 60 standing stones of brodgar (right on the 60th parallel) is a further proof of the alleged astronomical and mathematical capabilities of an alleged megalithic civilization.
this included don schmierer, a board member on exodus international, though exodus itself opposes the bill.	this included don schmierer, a board member on exodus international, though exodus itself claims to oppose the bill.
kenji nakagami ( nakagami kenji, august 2,1946 - august 12, 1992) was a famous japanese writer, critic, and poet of buraku ancestry.	kenji nakagami ( nakagami kenji, august 2,1946 - august 12, 1992) was a noted japanese writer, critic, and poet of buraku ancestry.
180 px| platinum blond hair	180 px| a girl with very light blond hair
the only artifacts known for shepseskare's reign are several clay sealings from abusir, where the king may have been buried, and two cylinder seals, according to the respected czech egyptologist miroslav verner.	the only artifacts known for shepseskare's reign are several clay sealings from abusir, where the king may have been buried, and two cylinder seals, according to the czech egyptologist miroslav verner.
katherine sian moennig (born december 29, 1977) is an american actress best known for her role as shane mccutcheon on the l word, as well as jake pratt on young americans.	katherine sian moennig (born december 29, 1977) is an american actress known for her role as shane mccutcheon on the l word, as well as jake pratt on young americans.
the treaty of fredrikshamn (haminan rauha in finnish and freden i fredrikshamn in swedish) was a peace treaty concluded between sweden and russia on september 17, 1809. the treaty concluded the finnish war and was signed in the finnish town of hamina.	the treaty of hamina (haminan rauha in finnish and freden i fredrikshamn in swedish) was a peace treaty concluded between sweden and russia on september 17, 1809. the treaty concluded the finnish war and was signed in the finnish town of hamina.
the bones were dated around 100 bc, but sadly they have since been lost.	the bones were dated around 100 bc, but they have since been lost.
the main feature of the festival is the open-air screening space in the astonishing piazza grande, with room for over 8,000 spectators, and with one of the largest open air screens in the world (26x14 metres).	the main feature of the festival is the open-air screening space in the piazza grande, with room for over 8,000 spectators, and with one of the largest open air screens in the world (26x14 metres).
april 28 - itv in the uk broadcasts death on the rock, a hugely controversial episode of thames television's this week current affairs strand, investigating operation flavius, which resulted in the sas assassinating three members of the ira in gibraltar.	april 28 - itv in the uk broadcasts death on the rock, a hugely controversial episode of thames television's this week current affairs strand, investigating operation flavius, which resulted in the sas killing three members of the ira in gibraltar.
traffic is exceptionally light west of lake city due to the long distances between major cities as i-10 travels through the least populated parts of florida.	traffic is light west of lake city due to the long distances between major cities as i-10 travels through the least populated parts of florida.
united nations human rights commission analysis	united nations human rights commission
he was also the narrator of the infamous australian commercial grim reaper.	he was also the narrator of the australian commercial grim reaper.
the alawites, also known as alawis (alawyyah ), are a prominent religious group, centred in syria, who follow a branch of the twelver school of shia islam but with syncretistic elements.	the alawites, also known as alawis (alawyyah ), are a religious group, centred in syria, who follow a branch of the twelver school of shia islam but with syncretistic elements.
other flight-worthy lunar modules are on display: lm-2 at the national air and space museum, lm-9 at kennedy space center, and lm-16 at the museum of science and industry in chicago, illinois .	other lunar modules are on display: lm-2 at the national air and space museum, lm-9 at kennedy space center, and lm-16 at the museum of science and industry in chicago, illinois .
james blodgett, coordinator of global risk reduction special interest group of american mensa, alleges that rees's and close's estimates of rhic risks are considerably underestimated with respect to the much higher energy large hadron collider.	james blodgett, coordinator of global risk reduction special interest group of american mensa, states that rees's and close's estimates of rhic risks are considerably underestimated with respect to the much higher energy large hadron collider.
he repeatedly refutes claims that he is a member of the republican party.	he repeatedly denies claims that he is a member of the republican party.
alsace (french: alsace; alsatian/german: elsa) is a rgion and also a traditional province of france.	alsace (french: alsace; alsatian/german: elsa) is a rgion and also a province of france.
in his super-radical book crack capitalism, john holloway considers abstract labour as the most radical foundational category of marx's theory, and therefore he recommends the struggle against abstract labour as the centrepiece of the political struggle against capitalism.	in his book crack capitalism, john holloway considers abstract labour as the most radical foundational category of marx's theory, and therefore he recommends the struggle against abstract labour as the centrepiece of the political struggle against capitalism.
nancy pearcey, a center for science and culture fellow and johnson associate, acknowledges johnson's leadership of the intelligent design movement in two of her most recent publications.	nancy pearcey, a center for science and culture fellow and johnson associate, credits johnson's leadership of the intelligent design movement in two of her most recent publications.
also located at ojai is the famous summer science program, currently hosted at the happy valley school.	also located at ojai is the summer science program, currently hosted at the happy valley school.
other countries that have hosted the summer olympics are belgium, china, canada, finland, italy, japan, mexico, netherlands, south korea, spain, the now-extinct soviet union and sweden.	other countries that have hosted the summer olympics are belgium, china, canada, finland, italy, japan, mexico, netherlands, south korea, spain, the soviet union and sweden.
jim mora (broadcaster), a popular new zealand television and radio presenter	jim mora (broadcaster), a new zealand television and radio presenter
this seaside town has a breathtaking view of george town, penang and penang island across the sea.	this seaside town has a scenic view of george town, penang and penang island across the sea.
chilis has a catchy song that advertises chili's' babyback ribs.	chilis has a song that advertises chili's' babyback ribs.
legendary american musician and composer frank zappa and his band the mothers of invention were central to the freak scene in the mid to late 1960s, both in the los angeles/san francisco bay area music scene and in new york, where the band had a now infamous residency at the garrick theatre.	american musician and composer frank zappa and his band the mothers of invention were central to the freak scene in the mid to late 1960s, both in the los angeles/san francisco bay area music scene and in new york, where the band had a now infamous residency at the garrick theatre.
"open source software, based on its established track record related to security design (as opposed to the dubious ""security through obscurity"" approach by proprietary software), would provide a large degree of transparency for such systems, at the cost of loss of exclusivity to vendors."	"open source software, based on its established track record related to security design (as opposed to the ""security through obscurity"" approach by proprietary software), would provide a large degree of transparency for such systems, at the cost of loss of exclusivity to vendors."
some observers claim that recent prime ministers, particularly margaret thatcher, exercised these powers of patronage unfairly to appoint permanent secretaries which were sympathetic to her government's aims.	some observers claim that recent prime ministers, particularly margaret thatcher, exercised these powers of patronage to appoint permanent secretaries which were sympathetic to her government's aims.
set three years after light's death, it sees the introduction of a new kira and the reactions of the main characters in response to their appearance.	set three years after light's death, it sees the introduction of a new kira and the reactions of the main characters in response to the copycat's appearance.
religious holidays are respected by the institution as well as treasured american customs such as thanksgiving.	religious holidays are respected by the institution as well as american customs such as thanksgiving.
"the current party is a successor of the vlaams blok which was disbanded after a controversial trial in 2004. all other parliamentary parties in the country have agreed on a ""cordon sanitaire"", effectively blocking the vlaams belang from any executive power, and unusual attempts on cutting public subsidies specifically for the party were made through the belgian ""dry up"" law."	"the current party is a successor of the vlaams blok which was disbanded after a controversial trial in 2004. all other parliamentary parties in the country have agreed on a ""cordon sanitaire"", effectively blocking the vlaams belang from any executive power, and attempts on cutting public subsidies specifically for the party were made through the belgian ""dry up"" law."
the ubuntu project is entirely committed to the principles of free software development; people are encouraged to use free software, improve it, and pass it on.	the ubuntu project is committed to the principles of free software development; people are encouraged to use free software, improve it, and pass it on.
after the failure of disney's previous animated feature film the black cauldron, this simpler film proved to be a success upon its initial release in 1986. as such, the new senior management of the company were convinced that their animation department was still a viable enterprise and this set the stage for the disney renaissance.	after the box office under-performance of disney's previous animated feature film the black cauldron, this simpler film proved to be a success upon its initial release in 1986. as such, the new senior management of the company were convinced that their animation department was still a viable enterprise and this set the stage for the disney renaissance.
azt use was major breakthrough in aids therapy in the 1990s that significantly altered the course of the illness and helped destroy the notion of the 1980s and early 90s that hiv/aids was an instant death sentence.	azt use was major change in aids therapy in the 1990s that significantly altered the course of the illness and helped destroy the notion of the 1980s and early 90s that hiv/aids was an instant death sentence.
famous passion bearers include the entire imperial family of russia who were murdered by the bolsheviks in 1918.	famous passion bearers include the entire imperial family of russia who were executed by the bolsheviks in 1918.
in the united kingdom, attempts to disrupt hunts fall under the criminal offence of aggravated trespass, rather than being considered as civil trespass which the hunts are guilty of.	in the united kingdom, attempts to disrupt hunts fall under the criminal offence of aggravated trespass, rather than being considered as civil trespass which the hunts may be guilty of.
in 1994, dale's version of misirlou was heard on the soundtrack of the motion picture pulp fiction, thanks to a suggestion to quentin tarantino from his dear friend boyd rice.	in 1994, dale's version of misirlou was heard on the soundtrack of the motion picture pulp fiction, thanks to a suggestion to quentin tarantino from his friend boyd rice.
there are currently plans to open a tesco express in the controversial callow's yard development incastletown in july 2012.	there are currently plans to open a tesco express in the callow's yard development incastletown in july 2012.
additionally, many atheists are not entirely irreligious ; there are atheists who are religious or spiritual despite their lack of belief in god(s) — though many of these would not describe themselves as atheists.	additionally, many atheists are not entirely non-religious ; there are atheists who are religious or spiritual despite their lack of belief in god(s) — though many of these would not describe themselves as atheists.
november 17 2006 - bo schembechler the esteemed former coach of the michigan wolverines football program, died at the age of 77. his death came the day before one of the biggest games in the history of the ohio state-michigan rivalry as the two teams were each undefeated and respectively ranked #1 and #2 in the country.	november 17 2006 - bo schembechler the former coach of the michigan wolverines football program, died at the age of 77. his death came the day before one of the biggest games in the history of the ohio state-michigan rivalry as the two teams were each undefeated and respectively ranked #1 and #2 in the country.
"in the cuban missile crisis of 1962, president john f. kennedy cited the monroe doctrine as a basis for america's ""eyeball-to-eyeball"" confrontation with the soviet union that had embarked on a provocative campaign to install ballistic missiles on cuban soil."	"in the cuban missile crisis of 1962, president john f. kennedy cited the monroe doctrine as a basis for america's ""eyeball-to-eyeball"" confrontation with the soviet union that had embarked on a campaign to install ballistic missiles on cuban soil."
in august 1968, the english rock group the yardbirds had completely disbanded.	in august 1968, the english rock band the yardbirds had completely disbanded.
the first being the league final which they unfortunately lost to edinburgh side dunedin connollys 0-07 to 0-09. both sides met again in the davitt shield final.	the first being the league final which they lost to edinburgh side dunedin connollys 0-07 to 0-09. both sides met again in the davitt shield final.
''for the popular british rock group, see suede (band).	''for the british rock group, see suede (band).
jennie elizabeth mcalpine (born 12 february 1984) is a british television actress and comedienne .	jennie elizabeth mcalpine (born 12 february 1984) is a british television actress and comedian .
for the catastrophic 2005 hurricane, see hurricane katrina.	for the 2005 hurricane, see hurricane katrina.
hasidic men often follow the specific dress style of their group, which may include elegant frock coats (bekishes), wide or high fur hats (shtreimels or spodiks) on the sabbath and festivals.	hasidic men often follow the specific dress style of their group, which may include frock coats (bekishes), wide or high fur hats (shtreimels or spodiks) on the sabbath and festivals.
in the late 1990s, interplay entertainment produced several remarkable rpg titles through two new developers: black isle studios and bioware.	in the late 1990s, interplay entertainment produced several rpg titles through two new developers: black isle studios and bioware.
"the obsolete latin language term horror feminae (literally ""fear of women)"	"the latin language term horror feminae (literally ""fear of women)"
a set shot in australian rules football is a kick for goal in which the player can 'set' himself , rather than have to quickly react during the play.	a set shot in australian rules football is a kick for goal in which the player can 'set' themselves , rather than have to quickly react during the play.
her work starts with the assumption that sentences with seemingly no performative effect actually have some illocutionary force.	her work starts with the presumption that sentences with seemingly no performative effect actually have some illocutionary force.
to achieve any short-term operational fuel-cost savings, the price of e85 should therefore be 20% or more below the price of gasoline to equalize short term fuel costs for most older pre-2003 ffvs for both winter and summer blends of e85, which fortunately it typically is.	to achieve any short-term operational fuel-cost savings, the price of e85 should therefore be 20% or more below the price of gasoline to equalize short term fuel costs for most older pre-2003 ffvs for both winter and summer blends of e85, which it typically is.
unfortunately rti closed down shortly after this.	rti closed down shortly after this.
, (born september 9, 1982) is a japanese pop female singer-songwriter and skilled pianist from osaka, osaka prefecture, japan.	, (born september 9, 1982) is a japanese pop female singer-songwriter and pianist from osaka, osaka prefecture, japan.
her strong portrayal as grace in doctor who caused consternation among some of that show's fans because she was the first character to romantically kiss the doctor.	her portrayal as grace in doctor who caused consternation among some of that show's fans because she was the first character to romantically kiss the doctor.
they were classified as snigger-worthy category 302 personnel, downgraded to a personnel employment status of c or e and assigned only non-combat roles at military bases.	they were classified as category 302 personnel, downgraded to a personnel employment status of c or e and assigned only non-combat roles at military bases.
"thus shias naturally do not consider ali to be the fourth caliph, rather the first ""imam""."	"thus shias do not consider ali to be the fourth caliph, rather the first ""imam""."
it was later revealed that disney had received much criticism from certain religious organizations, and in fear of tarnishing their squeaky-clean reputation, forced hollywood records to drop the act.	it was later revealed that disney had received much criticism from certain religious organizations, and in fear of tarnishing their reputation, forced hollywood records to drop the act.
in particular, he adopted the polish view that the holocaust occupies a position in international historiography that tends to minimize the suffering of gentile poles and even denounce them as anti-semites.	in particular, he adopted the polish view that the holocaust occupies a position in international historiography that tends to minimize the suffering of (non-jewish) poles and even denounce them as anti-semites.
, which was helpfully retitled dur dur d'tre bb!	, which was retitled dur dur d'tre bb!
the herald said it had recently contacted five out of six churches where a zimmerman relative claimed he had distributed fliers, but none recalled receiving them.	the herald said it had recently contacted five out of six churches where a zimmerman relative said he had distributed fliers, but none recalled receiving them.
"the first decade of commercials (1989-1999) consisted primarily of disjunctive verbal descriptions, such as ""relentless,"" ""pursuit,"" and ""perfection"" while the vehicles were used to illustrate superiority in braking, handling, idling, and interior quiet & comfort on camera."	"the first decade of commercials (1989-1999) consisted primarily of disjunctive verbal descriptions, such as ""relentless,"" ""pursuit,"" and ""perfection"" while the vehicles were used to claim superiority in braking, handling, idling, and interior quiet & comfort on camera."
hampstead's elegant main street is lined with antique homes.	hampstead's main street is lined with antique homes.
however, benedict calvert would outlive his father by just two months, and it would fall to charles' grandson, charles calvert, 5th baron baltimore (who wisely converted to the anglican faith) to see the family proprietorship in maryland restored by the king.	however, benedict calvert would outlive his father by just two months, and it would fall to charles' grandson, charles calvert, 5th baron baltimore (who converted to the anglican faith) to see the family proprietorship in maryland restored by the king.
roseann teresa o'donnell (born march 21, 1962) is a noted homosexual american comedian, talk show host, homosexual advocate, and actress.	roseann teresa o'donnell (born march 21, 1962) is a noted american comedian, talk show host, homosexual advocate, and actress.
speaking on why he believes the mosque is offensive, pat condell claimed :	speaking on why he believes the mosque is offensive, pat condell stated :
as of march 27 2005, schiavo is confined at the hospice of the florida suncoast in pinellas park, in the tampa bay area.	as of march 27 2005, schiavo is housed at the hospice of the florida suncoast in pinellas park, in the tampa bay area.
established in 1953, the national park is named after eduardo avaroa (18381879), the bolivian foremost war hero of the 19th century.	established in 1953, the national park is named after eduardo avaroa (18381879), the bolivian war hero of the 19th century.
the most important is the naturalist school, which seeks to imitate the complexity and historicity of natural languages.	the most prominent is the naturalist school, which seeks to imitate the complexity and historicity of natural languages.
because of the paucity of evidence, two of the most prominent jefferson biographers of the twentieth century, dumas malone and merrill peterson, had discounted rumors about this sexual relationship, first published in 1802 by the unscrupulous journalist james t. callender when jefferson was president.	because of the paucity of evidence, two of the most prominent jefferson biographers of the twentieth century, dumas malone and merrill peterson, had discounted rumors about this sexual relationship, first published in 1802 by the journalist james t. callender when jefferson was president.
circular polarization technology has the advantage over linear polarization methods in that viewers are able to tilt their head and look about the theater naturally without a disturbing loss of 3d perception, whereas linear polarization projection requires viewers to keep their head orientation aligned within a narrow range of tilt for effective 3d perception; otherwise they may see double or darkened images.	circular polarization technology has the advantage over linear polarization methods in that viewers are able to tilt their head and look about the theater naturally without a loss of 3d perception, whereas linear polarization projection requires viewers to keep their head orientation aligned within a narrow range of tilt for effective 3d perception; otherwise they may see double or darkened images.
make-up artist jack barron famously used bosco chocolate syrup as fake blood in the shower scene in alfred hitchcock's black and white film psycho (1960).	make-up artist jack barron used bosco chocolate syrup as fake blood in the shower scene in alfred hitchcock's black and white film psycho (1960).
by august 2003, the album had sales exceeding 300,000 units and was certified platinum, matching the sales achievement of its successor comfort in sound.	by august 2003, the album had sales exceeding 300,000 units and was certified platinum, matching the sales certification of its successor comfort in sound.
the apostolic church believed that god forgave sins through bishops and presbyters (and those martyrs recognized by legitimate ecclesiastical authority).	the mainstream church believed that god forgave sins through bishops and presbyters (and those martyrs recognized by legitimate ecclesiastical authority).
such attacks are not exclusive to php and most can be avoided simply by following proper coding techniques and principles.	such attacks are not exclusive to php and most can be avoided by following proper coding techniques and principles.
"the band also performed the bob dylan classic ""masters of war"" and johnny cash's ""25 minutes to go""."	"the band also performed the bob dylan song ""masters of war"" and johnny cash's ""25 minutes to go""."
the tilting carriages are based upon bombardier's earlier lrc trains rather than the tgv's articulated trailers, and the locomotives and passenger cars are much heavier than those of the tgv in order to meet north america's stricter rail crash standards.	the tilting carriages are based upon bombardier's earlier lrc trains rather than the tgv's articulated trailers, and the locomotives and passenger cars are much heavier than those of the tgv in order to meet north america's different approach to rail crash standards.
a tap showing considerable calcification left by the use of hard water.	a tap showing calcification left by the use of hard water.
general (retd) muhammad imran khan, the former chief of pakistan army in east pakistan, former chairman pakistan international airlines, former chairman pakistan chrome mines ltd and secretary general ministry of defense.	general (retd) muhammad rahim khan, the former chief of pakistan army in east pakistan, former chairman pakistan international airlines, former chairman pakistan chrome mines ltd and secretary general ministry of defense.
the main task of a clipboard manager is to store data copied to the clipboard in a way that permits richer use of the data.	the main task of a clipboard manager is to store data copied to the clipboard in a way that permits extended use of the data.
however, after his passing , many kopuster chassidim returned to lubavitch.	however, after his death , many kopuster chassidim returned to lubavitch.
bishop mckenzie is married to retired nba great stan mckenzie, and is the mother to jon-mikael, vashti-jasmine, and joi-marie.	bishop mckenzie is married to retired nba player stan mckenzie , and is the mother to jon-mikael, vashti-jasmine, and joi-marie.
in the following years the war has arguably bogged down, with debatably large numbers of suicide bomb attacks and the tragic loss of more than 3,200 us servicemen and thousands more injured and paralysed.	in the following years the war has arguably bogged down, with debatably large numbers of suicide bomb attacks and the loss of more than 3,200 us servicemen and thousands more injured and paralysed.
artworks also include a magnificent collection of landscapes painted in the locality by james arthur o'connor.	artworks also include a collection of landscapes painted in the locality by james arthur o'connor.
"in early november 2016, social media users and fake news websites started circulating a conspiracy theory (commonly called ""pizzagate"") which falsely claims the restaurant is part of a child trafficking ring."	"in early november 2016, social media users and fake news websites started circulating a conspiracy theory (commonly called ""pizzagate"") which claims the restaurant is part of a child trafficking ring."
since remey's death in 1974 the minority group know as orthodox bah's has undergone further splits and diminution .	since remey's death in 1974 the minority group know as orthodox bah's has undergone further splits and division .
"cambodia is a ""vaguely communist free-market state with a relatively authoritarian coalition ruling over a superficial democracy."""	"cambodia has been described by one author as a ""vaguely communist free-market state with a relatively authoritarian coalition ruling over a superficial democracy."""
"the tragedy was a precipitating cause of the spanish-american war that began in april 1898 and which used the rallying cry, ""remember the maine, to hell with spain."""	"the explosion was a precipitating cause of the spanish-american war that began in april 1898 and which used the rallying cry, ""remember the maine, to hell with spain."""
victoria wood (born 1953), comedienne , actress and writer	victoria wood (born 1953), comedian , actress and writer
it was featured in a half-hour time slot with a shortened version of captain n: the game master, titled captain n & the new super mario world (also erroneously titled captain n & super mario bros. world in the commercial bumpers).	it was featured in a half-hour time slot with a shortened version of captain n: the game master, titled captain n & the new super mario world (also titled captain n & super mario bros. world in the commercial bumpers).
"in 2008 john baker confirmed that it was most likely an institution with a discovery in the plea rolls of the court of king's bench of a barrister who claimed to be a ""fellow of the outer temple""."	"in 2008 john baker argued that it was most likely an institution with a discovery in the plea rolls of the court of king's bench of a barrister who claimed to be a ""fellow of the outer temple""."
bette midler (1963) - singer, actress, comedienne	bette midler (1963) - singer, actress, comedian
in the 1990s he appeared in season 1 of the successful tv series soldier soldier.	in the 1990s he appeared in season 1 of the tv series soldier soldier.
traffic on the m6 motorway was slowed due to hazardous conditions.	traffic on the m6 motorway was slowed due to poor driving conditions.
this usually takes place in october and the fall foliage adds to the spectacular views in marking the end of the arduous red phase.	this usually takes place in october and the fall foliage adds to the views in marking the end of the arduous red phase.
a replica of the wonderful curtain hangs on the wall along with several historic photographs.	a replica of the curtain hangs on the wall along with several historic photographs.
there was widespread physical and sexual abuse.	there was an elevated rate of physical and sexual abuse.
it has been linked to abhinav bharat, a shadowy hindu fundamentalist group.	it has been linked to abhinav bharat, a hindu fundamentalist group.
maafa 21, a 2009 propaganda film tying together racial eugenics and black abortion in the u.s.	maafa 21, a 2009 documentary film tying together racial eugenics and black abortion in the u.s.
one important exception was the yugoslav army, where serbian was used exclusively, even in slovenia.	one important exception was the yugoslav army, where serbo-croatian was used exclusively, even in slovenia.
there are 154 immigrant settlers .	there are 154 immigrant residents .
the new york arab-american comedy festival was founded in 2003 by comedian dean obeidallah and comedienne maysoon zayid.	the new york arab-american comedy festival was founded in 2003 by comedian dean obeidallah and comedian maysoon zayid.
although unsuccessful in its lawsuits against dish network, networks began to instead use carriage renewals with the provider for their cable channels to collude the autohop feature: in 2014, as part of new carriage contracts with both abc (disney) and cbs, the broadcasters imposed requirements for autohop to be disabled on their respective primetime programs for a period after their original air date.	although unsuccessful in its lawsuits against dish network, networks began to instead use carriage renewals with the provider for their cable channels to fight the autohop feature: in 2014, as part of new carriage contracts with both abc (disney) and cbs, the broadcasters imposed requirements for autohop to be disabled on their respective primetime programs for a period after their original air date.
in the match against the former he repaid the faith placed in him by coach diego maradona, assisting gonzalo higuan for argentina's opener with a sublime through ball, in an eventual 21 win.	in the match against the former he repaid the faith placed in him by coach diego maradona, assisting gonzalo higuan for argentina's opener with a through ball, in an eventual 21 win.
"neal morse, progressive rock genius , wrote a song called leviathan for his 2008 album ""lifeline."""	"neal morse , progressive rock composer , wrote a song called leviathan for his 2008 album ""lifeline."""
she also recounted that the police had intimidated and beaten her causing her to give false testimony and to falsely accuse patrick lumumba.	she also alleged that the police had intimidated and beaten her causing her to give false testimony and to falsely accuse patrick lumumba.
the holy league's fleet consisted of 206 galleys and 6 galleasses (large new galleys, invented by the venetians, which carried substantial artillery) and was ably commanded by john of austria, the illegitimate son of emperor charles v and half brother of king philip ii of spain.	the holy league's fleet consisted of 206 galleys and 6 galleasses (large new galleys, invented by the venetians, which carried substantial artillery) and was commanded by john of austria, the illegitimate son of emperor charles v and half brother of king philip ii of spain.
it is often considered a loaded term because of its use in opposition to federally mandated racial desegregation.	it is sometime considered a loaded term because of its use in opposition to federally mandated racial desegregation.
wynnewood, pennsylvania is a wealthy suburban community located outside of philadelphia in the lower merion township, pennsylvania.	wynnewood, pennsylvania is a suburban community located outside of philadelphia in the lower merion township, pennsylvania.
barbara feldon (born barbara hall on march 12, 1932 in the city of butler, pennsylvania) is an american actress, game show panelist of the 1960s and model, who is best known as don adams's working partner and future wife agent 99, on the successful 1960s sitcom, get smart.	barbara feldon (born barbara hall on march 12, 1932 in the city of butler, pennsylvania) is an american actress, game show panelist of the 1960s and model, who is best known as don adams's working partner and future wife agent 99, on the 1960s sitcom, get smart.
boundless raised an additional $8 million in venture capital funding in april 2012. in january 2013, the company claimed that students at over 2000 colleges in the united states were using boundless textbooks.	boundless raised an additional $8 million in venture capital funding in april 2012. in january 2013, the company claimed that students at over 2000 colleges in the united states were using its textbooks.
"those supporting brexit are sometimes referred to as ""brexiteers"", or ""leavers"", whereas those still opposed are referred to as ""remainers""."	"those supporting brexit are sometimes referred to as ""brexiteers"", or ""leavers"", whereas those opposed are referred to as ""remainers""."
"conason, in an article called ""the vast right-wing conspiracy is back,"" refers the national republican trust pac and newsmax media, which are run by former foes of bill clinton who are now making less-than-fact-based attacks on president barack obama."	"conason, in an article called ""the vast right-wing conspiracy is back,"" refers the national republican trust pac and newsmax media, which are run by former foes of bill clinton who are now making attacks on president barack obama."
the window is normally made of glass or a cheaper-to-manufacture substitute plexiglas .	the window is normally made of glass or a cheaper-to-manufacture substitute , such as acrylic .
ttc is a four member hip hop and twisted electronic band from paris, france.	ttc is a four member hip hop and electronic band from paris, france.
immediately after the six day war in 1967, israel legally separated east jerusalem from the west bank and annexed it to israel, making it part of the israeli municipality and a de facto part of its capital.	immediately after the six day war in 1967, israel separated east jerusalem from the west bank and annexed it to israel, making it part of the israeli municipality and a de facto part of its capital.
his father is the distinguished oxford philosopher john lucas, and he is married to the columnist cristina odone.	his father is the oxford philosopher john lucas, and he is married to the columnist cristina odone.
sterling (washington dulles international airport)	washington , dc area (washington dulles international airport)
separated from his family, solomon is enslaved to work in the diamond fields under the command of a psychopath called captain poison (david harewood) while his son dia is conscripted into the rebel forces, the brainwashing eventually turning him into a hardened killer.	separated from his family, solomon is enslaved to work in the diamond fields under the command of a warlord called captain poison (david harewood) while his son dia is conscripted into the rebel forces, the brainwashing eventually turning him into a hardened killer.
from its foundation, the army adopted radical social and religious policies which were increasingly at odds with those of parliament.	from its foundation, the army adopted social and religious policies which were increasingly at odds with those of parliament.
"the epic album spawned the singles ""the punks are writing love songs"" and ""georgette plays a goth."""	"the album spawned the singles ""the punks are writing love songs"" and ""georgette plays a goth."""
"successful projects include the ""official unofficial"" kol fansite kol coldfront; visual kol, which now runs a growing kol-specific wiki; the player-made music site, a surprisingly sizable collection of music created by players of the game that features both parodies and original songs about the game as well as non-game-related pieces by or involving players (as well as links to many band and artist sites); and kol trance, which has a large amounts of information and various kol comics."	"successful projects include the ""official unofficial"" kol fansite kol coldfront; visual kol, which now runs a growing kol-specific wiki; the player-made music site, a sizable collection of music created by players of the game that features both parodies and original songs about the game as well as non-game-related pieces by or involving players (as well as links to many band and artist sites); and kol trance, which has a large amounts of information and various kol comics."
although the earliest specimens of sumerian cuneiform writing in the region do not go back much further than c. 2500 bc, and evolved from proto-writing which dates to c. 3500 bc, modern historians have suggested that sumer was first permanently settled between c. 5500 and 4000 bc by a pre-semitic caucasoid people who spoke the linguistically isolated sumerian language (pointing to the names of cities, rivers, basic occupations, etc., as evidence).	although the earliest specimens of sumerian cuneiform writing in the region do not go back much further than c. 2500 bc, and evolved from proto-writing which dates to c. 3500 bc, modern historians have suggested that sumer was first permanently settled between c. 5500 and 4000 bc by a pre-semitic people who spoke the linguistically isolated sumerian language (pointing to the names of cities, rivers, basic occupations, etc., as evidence).
puting plant and animal remains in a landfill decreases the net carbon dioxide.	putting plant and animal remains in a landfill decreases the net carbon dioxide.
he would continue until his shocking murder in 2004 by nathan gale.	he would continue until his murder in 2004 by nathan gale.
the book has been subject to heavy criticism by post-modern philosophers and by scholars with some interest in continental philosophy.	the book has been subject to heavy criticism by philosophers and by scholars with some interest in continental philosophy.
the very most immediate and topically recognized threats to the wonderful polar bear are the drastic changes taking place in their natural habitat, which is literally melting away due to global warming.	the very most immediate and topically recognized threats to the polar bear are the drastic changes taking place in their natural habitat, which is literally melting away due to global warming.
wonderland is the debut single of german supermodel heidi klum.	wonderland is the debut single of german model heidi klum.
"his best-known work is probably the sculpture ""the destroyed city"", a memorial to the wanton destruction of the center of the dutch city rotterdam by the germans in 1940."	"his best-known work is probably the sculpture ""the destroyed city"", a memorial to the destruction of the center of the dutch city rotterdam by the germans in 1940."
as a child, her adopted sister hana was assassinated during a u.s. air raid after bombs fell on the home the two were staying at.	as a child, her adopted sister hana was killed during a u.s. air raid after bombs fell on the home the two were staying at.
remarkable buzzer beaters	notable buzzer beaters
king edward's school (kes) is an elite independent day school for boys in edgbaston, an area of birmingham, england.	king edward's school (kes) is an independent day school for boys in edgbaston, an area of birmingham, england.
henry is perhaps best known to modern audiences as the choleric chef of the dreadful comedic 1990s television series chef!.	henry is perhaps best known to modern audiences as the choleric chef of the comedic 1990s television series chef!.
he entered american mainstream pop culture consciousness due to a series of hyperbole-laced television commercials for record compilations of artists who were obscure in the united states, yet had large international followings, such as slim whitman and gheorghe zamfir.	he entered american mainstream pop culture consciousness due to a series of television commercials for record compilations of artists who were obscure in the united states, yet had large international followings, such as slim whitman and gheorghe zamfir.
quarantining of a proportion of welfare benefits to all recipients in the designated communities and of all benefits of those who neglect their children	quarantining of a proportion of welfare benefits to all recipients in the designated communities and of all benefits of those who are judged to have neglected their children
the school is ideally located in the centre of town adjacent to callaghan park, the basketball stadium and swimming pool.	the school is located in the centre of town adjacent to callaghan park, the basketball stadium and swimming pool.
the first surah in a handwritten copy of the holy qur'an	the first surah in a handwritten copy of the qur'an
"some feminists have decried the color pink , along with dresses and skirts, as something related to the pre-feminism ""old-style female"", which they detest as a symbol of the oppression and limitations of that era."	"some feminists have decried the color pink , along with dresses and skirts, as something related to the pre-feminism ""old-style female"", which they view as a symbol of the oppression and limitations of that era."
one of freeza's top two henchmen, dodoria is a large, pink alien with short spikes on his head and forearms.	one of freeza's top henchmen, dodoria is a large, pink alien with short spikes on his head and forearms.
many players cry that assassins are given too much power in most situations and that a properly played assassin never loses a confrontation.	many players complain that assassins are given too much power in most situations and that a properly played assassin never loses a confrontation.
upon the passing of his friend dick clark in 2012, rossi appeared in local las vegas media to share his memories.	upon the death of his friend dick clark in 2012, rossi appeared in local las vegas media to share his memories.
there is a glaring conflict between miranda and raffel v united states that remains unresolved by the u.s. supreme court.	there is a conflict between miranda and raffel v united states that remains unresolved by the u.s. supreme court.
"a baby for pree/ glow , ""two headed boy pt."	"a baby for pree/ where you'll find me now , ""two headed boy pt."
the operation saw the infamous arrest of 106 persons under the internal security act (isa) and the revoking of the publishing licenses of two dailies, the star and the sin chew jit poh and two weeklies, the sunday star and watan.	the operation saw the arrest of 106 persons under the internal security act (isa) and the revoking of the publishing licenses of two dailies, the star and the sin chew jit poh and two weeklies, the sunday star and watan.
in pre- hinduism, metempsychosis began to reach an elabourate development; according to monier-williams it was believed that there were 8,400,000 forms of existence through which all souls were liable to pass before returning to their source in the deity.	in hinduism, metempsychosis began to reach an elabourate development; according to monier-williams it was believed that there were 8,400,000 forms of existence through which all souls were liable to pass before returning to their source in the deity.
the hama massacre occurred on february 2, 1982, when the syrian army bombarded the town of hama in order to quell a revolt by the fundamentalist muslim brotherhood.	the hama massacre occurred on february 2, 1982, when the syrian army bombarded the town of hama in order to quell a revolt by the muslim brotherhood.
actress and comedienne catherine tate was cast as one-off companion donna noble for the christmas special.	actress and comedian catherine tate was cast as one-off companion donna noble for the christmas special.
tenants received official disclosure of the structure issues in may 2016, only a few months before the news went public.	tenants received official disclosure of the structure issues in may 2016, a few months before the news went public.
at a press conference held in front of a gas station on june 17, 2008, northup claimed that the 2008 elections were about the rising price of energy.	at a press conference held in front of a gas station on june 17, 2008, northup said that the 2008 elections were about the rising price of energy.
"in a public statement linked to and quoted by the new york times and others, krauss apologized ""to anyone he made feel intimidated or uncomfortable"", but stressed that the buzzfeed article ""ignored counter-evidence, distorted the facts and made absurd claims about me""."	"in a public statement linked to and quoted by the new york times and others, krauss apologized ""to anyone he made feel intimidated or uncomfortable"", but stated that the buzzfeed article ""ignored counter-evidence, distorted the facts and made absurd claims about me""."
in december 2012, during an exhibition match in brazil, woziacki playfully mocked fellow tennis player serena williams by stuffing towels in her shirt and skirt in order to appear to be large-chested and have a large rear end.	in december 2012, during an exhibition match in brazil, woziacki mocked fellow tennis player serena williams by stuffing towels in her shirt and skirt in order to appear to be large-chested and have a large rear end.
born in qabatiya, jenin in 1948, he joined the palestinian revolutionary forces in 1967, and in 1971 he joined damascus university.	born in qabatiya, jenin in 1948, he joined the palestinian forces in 1967, and in 1971 he joined damascus university.
once exclusively considered a punk rock band, their music now leans more towards pop punk/pop rock.	once considered a punk rock band, their music now leans more towards pop punk/pop rock.
the first christian indian community in america was established by moravian church missionaries at the mahican village of shekomeko in 1740. their intent was to incorporate the native american people into european society through civilizing christianity.	the first christian indian community in america was established by moravian church missionaries at the mahican village of shekomeko in 1740. their intent was to incorporate the native american people into european society through christianity.
overtoun bridge has attracted international media attention because of the number of dogs who have reportedly leapt from it to their deaths, killed on the rocks below; the bridge has also been the site of human tragedy .	overtoun bridge has attracted international media attention because of the number of dogs who have reportedly leapt from it to their deaths, killed on the rocks below; the bridge has also been the site of human murder and attempted suicide .
on the issue of the national debt, ukip admits that there should be cuts in government services but ones of front line status should still thrive.	on the issue of the national debt, ukip believes that there should be cuts in government services but ones of front line status should still thrive.
( incorrectly romanized as aeris gainsborough in the original final fantasy vii game but as aerith in later publications) is a flower girl on the streets of midgar, sought after by shinra's research department because she is the last of the cetra.	(romanized as aeris gainsborough in the original final fantasy vii game but as aerith in later publications) is a flower girl on the streets of midgar, sought after by shinra's research department because she is the last of the cetra.
redcar is a pleasant seaside resort and town in north yorkshire, england.	redcar is a seaside resort and town in north yorkshire, england.
her paintings hang in the homes of many notable people, including oprah winfrey, mikhail gorbachev, robert redford and jane seymour.	her paintings hang in the homes of many people, including oprah winfrey, mikhail gorbachev, robert redford and jane seymour.
during the coup d'etat of april of 2002 saad was arrested arbitrarily by de facto president pedro carmona estanga.	during the coup d'etat of april of 2002 saad was arrested by de facto president pedro carmona estanga.
muhammad muhsin khan (arabic, pashto, urd: ), born 1345 ah / 1927 ce, is a contemporary islamic doctor and author of afghan origin, most notable for his renowned english translations of sahih bukhari and the qur'an, entitled the noble qur'an, which he completed along with muhammad taqi-ud-din al-hilali.	muhammad muhsin khan (arabic, pashto, urd: ), born 1345 ah / 1927 ce, is a contemporary islamic doctor and author of afghan origin, most notable for his english translations of sahih bukhari and the qur'an, entitled the noble qur'an, which he completed along with muhammad taqi-ud-din al-hilali.
middlebury college is a private, small, elite liberal arts college located in the rural new england shire town of middlebury, vermont, united states.	middlebury college is a private, small, highly selective liberal arts college located in the rural new england shire town of middlebury, vermont, united states.
bagh district was carved out of poonch district in 1988. the district shares its borders with muzaffarabad district in the north, with poonch district in the south, with baramulla district of the indian held kashmir in the east and is bounded to punjab (pakistan) in the west.	bagh district was carved out of poonch district in 1988. the district shares its borders with muzaffarabad district in the north, with poonch district in the south, with baramulla district of the indian -administered jammi and kashmir in the east and is bounded to punjab (pakistan) in the west.
"such labeling is appropriate in the u.s. because the fda's regulations permit a product to be labeled as ""zero calories"" if the ""food contains less than 5 calories per reference amount customarily consumed and per labeled serving."""	"such labeling is legal in the u.s. because the fda's regulations permit a product to be labeled as ""zero calories"" if the ""food contains less than 5 calories per reference amount customarily consumed and per labeled serving."""
during world war ii, globke as a ministerialdirigent in the office for jewish affairs in the ministry of interior, wrote a legal annotation on the perfidious nuremberg race laws, that had not expressed any objection to the discrimination against jews, and that placed the nazi party on a firmer legal ground, setting the path to the holocaust.	during world war ii, globke as a ministerialdirigent in the office for jewish affairs in the ministry of interior, wrote a legal annotation on the nuremberg race laws, that had not expressed any objection to the discrimination against jews, and that placed the nazi party on a firmer legal ground, setting the path to the holocaust.
the modern regiment's size varies in number, scope and administrative role from country to country (and might not exist in some military forces) and sometimes even within the military of the same nations.	the modern regiment's size varies in number, scope and administrative role from country to country (and might not exist in some military forces) and sometimes within the military of the same nations.
"holbein's portrait showed an auburn-haired girl with a characteristically hooked howard nose; catherine was said to have a ""gentle, earnest face."""	"holbein's portrait showed a young auburn-haired girl with a characteristically hooked howard nose; catherine was said to have a ""gentle, earnest face."""
"the popular sports blog deadspin asked the question ""if the indians win, do native americans get civil rights?"""	"the sports blog deadspin asked the question ""if the indians win, do native americans get civil rights?"""
the european court of human rights has defended the rights of jehovah's witnesses in many cases.	the european court of human rights has ruled in favour of the rights of jehovah's witnesses in many cases.
rct2.com - awful .	rct2.com - fan site .
for the next 14 years, he brilliantly contributed to the struggle for independence in various capacities most notable of them all was establishing eplfs amharic radio program.	for the next 14 years, he contributed to the struggle for independence in various capacities most notable of them all was establishing eplfs amharic radio program.
gurgaon ( officially known as gurugram) district is one of the 22 districts of haryana in northern india.	gurgaon ( also known as gurugram) district is one of the 22 districts of haryana in northern india.
as the capital of taiwan, taipei has been at the center of rapid economic development in the country and has now become one of the global cities in the production of high technology and its components.	as the largest metropolitan area of taiwan, taipei has been at the center of rapid economic development in the country and has now become one of the global cities in the production of high technology and its components.
kerrigan had won the short program, but lost the free skate to baiul in a close and highly controversial 5-4 decision.	kerrigan had won the short program, but lost the free skate to baiul in a close and controversial 5-4 decision.
over 25 years after disbanding in response to bonham's untimely 1980 death, led zeppelin continue to be held in high regard for their artistic achievements, commercial success, and broad influence, as shown by their continual high album sales of more than 300 million albums worldwide, including 109.5 million sales in the united states.	over 25 years after disbanding in response to bonham's 1980 death, led zeppelin continue to be held in high regard for their artistic achievements, commercial success, and broad influence, as shown by their continual high album sales of more than 300 million albums worldwide, including 109.5 million sales in the united states.
it also has a headquarter in the city of azaz in turkish- influenced northern syria.	it also has a headquarter in the city of azaz in turkish- occupied northern syria.
on 13th november 2010, walsh regrettably made his return to international rugby, by overseeing the autumn international between wales and south africa.	on 13th november 2010, walsh made his return to international rugby, by overseeing the autumn international between wales and south africa.
the laotian civil war was a military conflict that pitted the guerrilla forces of the marxist-oriented pathet lao against the royal lao armed forces (far) of the kingdom of laos (french: royaume du laos), led by the conservative puppet royal lao government.	the laotian civil war was a military conflict that pitted the guerrilla forces of the marxist-oriented pathet lao against the royal lao armed forces (far) of the kingdom of laos (french: royaume du laos), led by the conservative royal lao government.
founded in 1981, the cfs works for high quality, accessible post-secondary education at the federal level and provincial levels.	founded in 1981, the cfs claims to work for high quality, accessible post-secondary education at the federal level and provincial levels.
in a separate israeli airstrike, three missiles hit the office of khaled abu ilal, a hardline interior ministry official, who also heads a pro-hamas militia.	in a separate israeli airstrike, three missiles hit the office of khaled abu ilal, a interior ministry official, who also heads a pro-hamas militia.
the metropolitan police have launched a massive manhunt for one, possibly two, suspects.	the metropolitan police have launched a manhunt for one, possibly two, suspects.
it was a relatively large missile, which limited it to stationary defensive roles similar to the hercules or the soviets' s-25 berkut, although the swiss operated theirs in a semi-mobile form.	it was a relatively large missile, which limited it to stationary defensive roles similar to the hercules or the soviets' s-25 berkut, although the swedes operated theirs in a semi-mobile form.
the abysmal conditions of the island led to widespread disease, abuse of power, violence and cannibalism.	the conditions of the island led to widespread disease, abuse of power, violence and cannibalism.
his preparation contained opium, crushed pearls, musk, amber, and other adulterants .	his preparation contained opium, crushed pearls, musk, amber, and other substances .
the heritage decker terrier registry is preserving all the original bloodlines to this wonderful breed and will not be allowing outcrosses of fiest,cur or basenji as the founder and creator of hunting decker terrier registry states they will be doing.	the heritage decker terrier registry is preserving all the original bloodlines to this breed and will not be allowing outcrosses of fiest, cur or basenji as the founder and creator of hunting decker terrier registry states they will be doing.
"presented to an audience of 8,000 in the kremlin's conference hall in 1963, the film won the grand prize at the moscow film festival to acclaim that worried the soviet festival authorities: the thunderous applause was ""a cry for freedom."""	"presented to an audience of 8,000 in the kremlin's conference hall in 1963, the film won the grand prize at the moscow film festival to acclaim that worried the soviet festival authorities: the applause was ""a cry for freedom."""
also in 1989, the company ran a four-month 'software amnesty for everyone' allowing users of pirated copies of xtree to register them for a small fee.	also in 1989, the company ran a four-month 'software amnesty for everyone' allowing users of unauthorized copies of xtree to register them for a small fee.
a varangian aristocracy developed, that would ultimately rule over novgorod and kievan rus'; allegedly bringing peace between the warring finnic and slavic tribes.	a varangian aristocracy developed, that would ultimately rule over novgorod and kievan rus'; allegedly causing peace between the warring finnic and slavic tribes.
it was also the last removal of a communist regime in a warsaw pact country during the events of 1989, and the only one that violently overthrew a country's government and executed its leader.	it was also the last removal of a communist government in a warsaw pact country during the events of 1989, and the only one that violently overthrew a country's government and executed its leader.
wide use of the term nanotechnology in recent years has created the misapprehension that regulatory frameworks are suddenly having to contend with entirely new challenges that they are unequipped to deal with.	wide use of the term nanotechnology in recent years has created the impression that regulatory frameworks are suddenly having to contend with entirely new challenges that they are unequipped to deal with.
systemd is a software suite for central management and configuration of the gnu/ linux operating system.	systemd is a software suite for central management and configuration of the linux operating system.
after finally being dropped from the international side after the 2002 champions trophy, he took up work as a cricket commentator for television, and he has amazingly remained in that line of work since.	after finally being dropped from the international side after the 2002 champions trophy, he took up work as a cricket commentator for television, and he has remained in that line of work since.
he has always denied being a pederant , but was added to the british list of registered sex offenders for five years after police searched his house, confiscating 14 of his computers, and found no child pornography after a four month investigation.	he has always denied being a pedophile , but was added to the british list of registered sex offenders for five years after police searched his house, confiscating 14 of his computers, and found no child pornography after a four month investigation.
joining him for years on color was former reds pitcher joe nuxhall, who worked in the radio booth from 1967 (the year after his retirement as an active player) until 2004, plus three more seasons doing select home games until his passing , in 2007.	joining him for years on color was former reds pitcher joe nuxhall, who worked in the radio booth from 1967 (the year after his retirement as an active player) until 2004, plus three more seasons doing select home games until his death , in 2007.
according to legend , usui received the ability to heal without energy depletion after three weeks of fasting and meditating on mount kurama.	according to his followers , usui received the ability to heal without energy depletion after three weeks of fasting and meditating on mount kurama.
martin luther has been frequently accused of anti-semitism, primarily in relation to his work on the jews and their lies.	martin luther has been accused of anti-semitism, primarily in relation to his work on the jews and their lies.
the charismatic errzuriz emphasized that he was the only true centrist candidate, although his political ideology was slightly center-right.	the charismatic errzuriz claimed that he was the only true centrist candidate, although his political ideology was slightly center-right.
"as it relates to bible translations, ""horizontal"" gender-neutral language translates gender-specific pronouns and words like ""man"" and ""mankind"" to gender-neutral pronouns such as the grammatically incorrect ""singular"" they or ""you"" for ""he."""	"as it relates to bible translations, ""horizontal"" gender-neutral language translates gender-specific pronouns and words like ""man"" and ""mankind"" to gender-neutral pronouns such as the grammatically controversial ""singular"" they or ""you"" for ""he."""
the legendary singer yesudas is his son.	the singer yesudas is his son.
after the transaction is complete, a reciept is printed, usually constisting of the action taken, date and time, location, any applicable fees, and available balance.	after the transaction is complete, a transaction record is printed, usually constisting of the action taken, date and time, location, any applicable fees, and available balance.
"american r&b singer mariah carey mention povich in a song called ""it's a wrap "" in her upcoming album memoirs of an imperfect angel, with a line ""don't make me go call maury porvich"""	"american r&b singer mariah carey mention povich in a song called ""it's a wrap "" in her album memoirs of an imperfect angel, with a line ""don't make me go call maury porvich"""
afro samurai is an upcoming video game for xbox 360 and playstation 3 to be released in early based on the popular manga and anime series of the same name.	afro samurai is an upcoming video game for xbox 360 and playstation 3 to be released in early based on the manga and anime series of the same name.
a double-cork refers to a rotation in which a snowboarder inverts or orients himself sideways at two distinct times during an aerial rotation.	a double-cork refers to a rotation in which a snowboarder inverts or orients themselves sideways at two distinct times during an aerial rotation.
abraham handily defeated three challengers in the election held on november 6, 2018. billy burkette, an independent from pride, louisiana; jessee carlton fleenor, a democrat from loranger, and kyle randol, a libertarian from monroe.	abraham defeated three challengers in the election held on november 6, 2018. billy burkette, an independent from pride, louisiana; jessee carlton fleenor, a democrat from loranger, and kyle randol, a libertarian from monroe.
thee heavenly music association is an alternative rock band whose members are:	thee heavenly music association is a shit alternative rock band whose members are:
adjudged by an independent committee of five members, the award was announced on march 23, 2012 and was awarded to the veteran bengali actor soumitra chatterjee for his paramount contribution to the bengali cinema.	adjudged by an independent committee of five members, the award was announced on march 23, 2012 and was awarded to the veteran bengali actor soumitra chatterjee for his contribution to the bengali cinema.
she is best known for her work on the comedy-variety show rowan & martin's laugh-in.	she is known for her work on the comedy-variety show rowan & martin's laugh-in.
siding with the axis would have drawn portugal to a conflict against britain, whose result would be the loss of its colonies; siding with the allies might have risked the mainland.	siding with the axis would have drawn portugal to a conflict against britain, whose result would have been the loss of its colonies; siding with the allies might have risked the mainland.
however, with the expiration of the original patents, other companies have entered the market and the term is now often improperly used as a generic reference to any cable-controlled camera system.	however, with the expiration of the original patents, other companies have entered the market and the term is now often used as a generic reference to any cable-controlled camera system.
the conservative party, based upon analysis by forensic experts who concluded that the tape was doctored , have asked an ontario court to order to liberals to stop using the tape.	the conservative party, based upon analysis by forensic experts who concluded that the tape was edited , have asked an ontario court to order to liberals to stop using the tape.
eldar shafir, peter a. diamond, and amos tversky (1997) have provided compelling empirical evidence for the existence of the effect and it has been shown to affect behaviour in a variety of experimental and real-world situations.	eldar shafir, peter a. diamond, and amos tversky (1997) have provided empirical evidence for the existence of the effect and it has been shown to affect behaviour in a variety of experimental and real-world situations.
a small vocal minority of patients, activists, and psychiatrists dispute biological psychiatry as a scientific concept or as having a proper empirical basis, for example arguing that there are no known biomarkers for recognised psychiatric conditions.	a vocal minority of patients, activists, and psychiatrists dispute biological psychiatry as a scientific concept or as having a proper empirical basis, for example arguing that there are no known biomarkers for recognised psychiatric conditions.
joanne froggatt (born 21 august 1980) is an emmy-nominated english actress of stage, television, and film, most notably appearing in downton abbey as anna, the head housemaid.	joanne froggatt (born 21 august 1980) is an english actress of stage, television, and film, most notably appearing in downton abbey as anna, the head housemaid.
the ship also received the navy unit commendation for service during the first gulf war.	the ship also received the navy unit commendation for service during the 1991 gulf war.
the score for cape fear brilliantly evokes both the gathering clouds of the destructive hurricane and the murderous intent of killer max cady.	the score for cape fear evokes both the gathering clouds of the destructive hurricane and the murderous intent of killer max cady.
as karl marx noted (and michal kalecki emphasized), some unemployment — the reserve army of the unemployed — is normally needed in order to maintain work discipline in jobs, keep wages down, and protect business profitability.	as karl marx claimed (and michal kalecki emphasized), some unemployment — the reserve army of the unemployed — is normally needed in order to maintain work discipline in jobs, keep wages down, and protect business profitability.
relations have again chilled, with north korea making defensive moves such as a series of short range ship-to-ship missile tests.	relations have again chilled, with north korea making military moves such as a series of short range ship-to-ship missile tests.
the national alliance is considered to be the most notorious neo-nazi group currently operating in the united states.	the national alliance is considered to be the most well-known neo-nazi group currently operating in the united states.
1981 - disgraced governor of new york	1981 - governor of new york
"physics is often said to be the ""fundamental science"" (chemistry is sometimes included), because each of the other weaker sciences (biology, chemistry, geology, material science, engineering, medicine etc.)"	"physics is often said to be the ""fundamental science"" (chemistry is sometimes included), because each of the other sciences (biology, chemistry, geology, material science, engineering, medicine etc.)"
"in december 2015, trump's personal physician, harold bornstein, released a superlative-laden letter of health praising trump for ""extraordinary physical strength and stamina""."	"in december 2015, trump's personal physician, harold bornstein, released a letter of health praising trump for ""extraordinary physical strength and stamina""."
european oligarchical forces, he claims , intervened in the french revolution to prevent it from becoming a republican, american-style revolution, and steered it instead toward becoming a bloodbath followed by a dictatorship.	european oligarchical forces, he says , intervened in the french revolution to prevent it from becoming a republican, american-style revolution, and steered it instead toward becoming a bloodbath followed by a dictatorship.
while independence movements during this time failed to take root, the pacific northwest continued to foment a radical and aggressive form of regionalism.	while independence movements during this time failed to take root, the pacific northwest continued to experience a radical and aggressive form of regionalism.
it served as a leading forum for original research and new scholarship in the field of american folk art.	it served as a forum for original research and new scholarship in the field of american folk art.
amir garib is a 1974 superhit hindi movie produced and directed by mohan kumar.	amir garib is a 1974 hindi movie produced and directed by mohan kumar.
race and intelligence research investigates differences in the distributions of cognitive skills among human races .	race and intelligence research investigates differences in the distributions of cognitive skills among human racial groups .
the current episcopal diocese of san joaquin is therefore simply the former diocese's geographic territory, together with a minority of clergy and faithful who chose not to secede.	the current episcopal diocese of san joaquin is therefore simply the former diocese's geographic territory, together with a minority of clergy and laity who chose not to secede.
his strong play is credited with establishing european goaltenders in a league widely dominated by north americans.	his strong play has been credited with establishing european goaltenders in a league widely dominated by north americans.
garofalo has been open and outspoken regarding her leftist-socialist political views, appearing in the past with figures such as ralph nader (whom she supported in 2000, but opposed in 2004) and jello biafra at events, while expressing feminist views in interviews throughout her career.	garofalo has been open and outspoken regarding her progressive democratic political views, appearing in the past with figures such as ralph nader (whom she supported in 2000, but opposed in 2004) and jello biafra at events, while expressing feminist views in interviews throughout her career.
it is a leading global cultural, business and political center and is renowned for its defining neo-classical architecture as well as its unrivaled influence in fashion and the arts.	it is a leading global cultural, business and political center and is renowned for its defining neo-classical architecture as well as its influence in fashion and the arts.
unfortunately his car failed post-race inspection.	however, his car failed post-race inspection.
implosion received entirely positive reviews from critics, and possesses an aggregate score of 93 on metacritic.	implosion received positive reviews from critics, and possesses an aggregate score of 93 on metacritic.
adi kumbeswarar temple (tamil: ) is a hindu temple dedicated to lord shiva located at the center of the tamil nadu town of kumbakonam, india.	adi kumbeswarar temple (tamil: ) is a hindu temple dedicated to shiva located at the center of the tamil nadu town of kumbakonam, india.
in august 2013, ufo researcher brad sparks posted an attempted rebuttal regarding the ipaco mcminnville ufo studies in which he proved that the studies contained multiple foundation measurement inconsistencies.	in august 2013, ufo researcher brad sparks posted an attempted rebuttal regarding the ipaco mcminnville ufo studies in which he claimed that the studies contained multiple foundation measurement inconsistencies.
in the holy bible, the number of men rebelling against moses, who were swallowed up by a fire.	in the bible, the number of men rebelling against moses, who were swallowed up by a fire.
the current chairwoman is arzuhan yalnda.	the current head is arzuhan yalnda.
mcnamara took other steps to improve u.s. deterrence posture and military capabilities.	mcnamara took other steps to increase u.s. deterrence posture and military capabilities.
upmark hamill in 2010. he reprised his role as the villainous joker from multiple animated projects, alongside kevin conroy and arleen sorkin.	upmark hamill in 2010. he reprised his role as the joker from multiple animated projects, alongside kevin conroy and arleen sorkin.
st. bernard's is home to a number of beloved traditions.	st. bernard's is home to a number of traditions.
"the so-called ""prosecutor"" was reported to be a christian who had converted from islam; the ""defense attorney"" was reported to be an imam from dallas, texas; and the ""jury"" was made up of twelve church members and volunteers."	"the ""prosecutor"" was reported to be a christian who had converted from islam; the ""defense attorney"" was reported to be an imam from dallas, texas; and the ""jury"" was made up of twelve church members and volunteers."
svetlana is a comedy series starring israeli-american comedienne iris bahr.	svetlana is a comedy series starring israeli-american comedian iris bahr.
backed by the united states, the southern government headed by ngo dinh diem understandably refused to open consultation with the north vietnamese concerning general elections, which were never honoured.	backed by the united states, the southern government headed by ngo dinh diem refused to open consultation with the north vietnamese concerning general elections, which were never honoured.
passive-aggressive personality disorder (also called negativistic personality disorder) is a controversial personality disorder said to be marked by a pervasive pattern of negative attitudes and passive, usually disavowed resistance in interpersonal or occupational situations.	passive-aggressive personality disorder (also called negativistic personality disorder) is a personality disorder said to be marked by a pervasive pattern of negative attitudes and passive, usually disavowed resistance in interpersonal or occupational situations.
"the follow-up single, ""doin' it"", released in december 2001, placed in fourteenth position on the uk top 40 singles chart."	"the follow-up single, ""doin' it"", released in december 2001, placed in 14th position on the uk top 40 singles chart."
other cities (such as ariel); communities, such as hebron; and settlements will be removed and their residents will be transferred .	other cities (such as ariel); communities, such as hebron; and settlements will be removed and their residents will be evicted .
on-line textbook: information theory, inference, and learning algorithms, by david mackay, has many chapters on bayesian methods, including introductory examples; compelling arguments in favour of bayesian methods (in the style of edwin jaynes); state-of-the-art monte carlo methods, message-passing methods, and variational methods; and examples illustrating the intimate connections between bayesian inference and data compression.	on-line textbook: information theory, inference, and learning algorithms, by david mackay, has many chapters on bayesian methods, including introductory examples; arguments in favour of bayesian methods (in the style of edwin jaynes); state-of-the-art monte carlo methods, message-passing methods, and variational methods; and examples illustrating the intimate connections between bayesian inference and data compression.
wilbraham also has the beautiful wilbraham mountains range which starts at the north end of town and extends into hampden.	wilbraham also has the wilbraham mountains range which starts at the north end of town and extends into hampden.
one example of a great zine is the inner swine	one example of a zine is the inner swine
the scottish executive claims that the scheme will lead to a wealthier and fairer, healthier, safer and stronger, and greener future.	the scottish executive report that the scheme will lead to a wealthier and fairer, healthier, safer and stronger, and greener future.
1987-90, cost reduced triumph	1987-90, cost reduced and high end models
"wu moved to dedham, a town in the 8th district which she had previously described as having been ""left behind"" and which she falsely claimed had schools using computers that were 20 years old, in order to challenge the incumbent lynch."	"wu moved to dedham, a town in the 8th district which she had previously described as having been ""left behind"" and which she claimed had schools using computers that were 20 years old, in order to challenge the incumbent lynch."
"as a humorous gimmick, witteles used a small head & shoulders bottle to protect his cards while playing, in reference to his online moniker ""dan druff."""	"as a gimmick, witteles used a small head & shoulders bottle to protect his cards while playing, in reference to his online moniker ""dan druff."""
"islamic political theory specifies three basic features of an islamic democracy: leaders must be elected by the people, subject to sharia and committed to practicing ""shura"", a special form of consultation practiced by prophet muhammad, which one can find in various hadiths, with their community."	"islamic political theory specifies three basic features of an islamic democracy: leaders must be elected by the people, subject to sharia and committed to practicing ""shura"", a special form of consultation practiced by muhammad, which one can find in various hadiths, with their community."
"he also imposed a sweeping and breathtakingly simple concept of honor — ""we have but one rule, and it is that every student is a gentleman"" — that endures today at washington and lee and at a few other schools that continue to maintain absolutist ""honor systems."""	"he also imposed a sweeping and breathtakingly simple concept of honor — ""we have but one rule, and it is that every student is a gentleman"" — that endures today at washington and lee and at a few other schools that continue to maintain ""honor systems."""
in june 2013, menezes was named as the new coach of best brazilian club flamengo.	in june 2013, menezes was named as the new coach of brazilian club flamengo.
a member of the illustrious du pont family, he graduated first in his class from west point shortly after the beginning of the american civil war and served in the u.s. army, earning the medal of honor for his actions during the battle of cedar creek in october 1864.	a member of the famed du pont family, he graduated first in his class from west point shortly after the beginning of the american civil war and served in the u.s. army, earning the medal of honor for his actions during the battle of cedar creek in october 1864.
both new york city and london have over 7 million residents, with new york suffering 6.9 murders per 100,000 people in 2004 to london's 2.4 per 100,000, also in 2004.	both new york city and london have over 7 million residents, with new york reporting 6.9 murders per 100,000 people in 2004 to london's 2.4 per 100,000, also in 2004.
axl was brought up in a fanatically religious pentecostal family.	axl was brought up in a deeply religious pentecostal family.
on 20 december al kindi hospital is liberated by fsa	on 20 december al kindi hospital is captured by fsa
amen also taught classes in sculpture and printmaking at such influential schools as the pratt institute (1961) and at university of notre dame (1962).	amen also taught classes in sculpture and printmaking at such schools as the pratt institute (1961) and at university of notre dame (1962).
peace vigil - week 1	vigil - week 1
another limitation of the free membership is the heavy use of ads and popups which the site employs resulting in slower loading pages and diminished usability.	another limitation of the free membership is the use of ads and popups which the site employs resulting in slower loading pages and diminished usability.
kelly kwalik, charismatic leader of the free papua movement (opm), is fatally shot by police in indonesia.	kelly kwalik, leader of the free papua movement (opm), is fatally shot by police in indonesia.
persecution of political opponents and enemies of workers was already in full swing: the article 58 (rsfsr penal code) was in force since 1927. but the distinctive feature of the described period was massive and widely publicized persecutions within the communist party itself, hence the name of the period: the great purge.	persecution of political opponents and enemies of workers was already in full swing: article 58 (rsfsr penal code) was in force since 1927. but the distinctive feature of the described period was massive and widely publicized persecutions within the communist party itself, hence the name of the period: the great purge.
under the older cronquist system, the ericales included a smaller group of plants, which were placed among the dileniidae:	under the cronquist system, the ericales included a smaller group of plants, which were placed among the dileniidae:
"he put independence on the back burner, as lvesque had begun to do under the so-called ""beau risque"" approach and eventually made this approach the official constitutional policy of his party, calling it ""national affirmation""."	"he put independence on the back burner, as lvesque had begun to do under the ""beau risque"" approach and eventually made this approach the official constitutional policy of his party, calling it ""national affirmation""."
the djibouti ferry disaster occurred when the ferry al-baraqua ii capsized on april 6, 2006, in the gulf of tadjoura off the coast of djibouti's capital of djibouti city.	the djibouti ferry accident occurred when the ferry al-baraqua ii capsized on april 6, 2006, in the gulf of tadjoura off the coast of djibouti's capital of djibouti city.
the huffington post is a liberal/progressive american news website and content aggregating blog founded by arianna huffington, kenneth lerer, and jonah peretti, featuring various news sources and columnists.	the huffington post is a american news website and content aggregating blog founded by arianna huffington, kenneth lerer, and jonah peretti, featuring various news sources and columnists.
she is best known for her tony award-winning work in wicked, her tony-nominated role in rent, and for her show-stopping voice.	she is best known for her tony award-winning work in wicked, her tony-nominated role in rent, and for her voice.
she is known for her emmy-nominated portrayal of pam beesly on the nbc situation comedy the office.	she is known for her portrayal of pam beesly on the nbc situation comedy the office.
the aclu has defended frank snepp formerly of the central intelligence agency (from an attempt of this government agency to gag him) and lieutenant colonel oliver north (convicted on the basis of coerced testimony—a violation of his fifth amendment rights).	the aclu has defended frank snepp formerly of the central intelligence agency (from an attempt of this government agency to silence him) and lieutenant colonel oliver north (convicted on the basis of coerced testimony—a violation of his fifth amendment rights).
the practice ended around the 1930s during the japanese occupation of taiwan.	the practice ended around the 1930s during the japanese colonization of taiwan.
it was named after wolf v. vishniac, a microbiologist who died tragically on an expedition to antarctica.	it was named after wolf v. vishniac, a microbiologist who died on an expedition to antarctica.
after trial, the lead juror confessed that had he known all the facts he would not have found williams guilty.	after trial, the lead juror said that had he known all the facts he would not have found williams guilty.
belshazzar also appears as a central character in the fictional tale of belshazzar's feast in the book of daniel.	belshazzar also appears as a central character in the tale of belshazzar's feast in the book of daniel.
chris burke-gaffney is an acclaimed canadian songwriter, producer, and artist manager.	chris burke-gaffney is an canadian songwriter, producer, and artist manager.
in the fall of 1941, the first megawatt-class wind turbine was synchronized to a utility grid in vermont.	in the autumn of 1941, the first megawatt-class wind turbine was synchronized to a utility grid in vermont.
the tour was also controversial as suzuki refused to debate or even discuss the pseudoscience which he proclaims supports the theory of anthropogenic global warming.	the tour was also controversial as suzuki refused to debate or even discuss the science which he proclaims supports the theory of anthropogenic global warming.
jehovah's witnesses are members of an international christian religion of the same name, whose adherents believe it to be restored first-century christianity.	jehovah's witnesses are members of an international religion of the same name, whose adherents believe it to be restored first-century christianity.
in the same year some 66,000 bulgars and other slavophones left to bulgaria and serbia, while some thousands of greeks entered greece.	in the same year some 66,000 bulgarians and other slavophones left to bulgaria and serbia, while some thousands of greeks entered greece.
from early times, brading undoubtedly ranked as an important island port.	from early times, brading ranked as an important island port.
all the factories were literally begging for help.	all the factories were liteally begging for help.
james dobson is a strong proponent of patriarchal marriage.	james dobson is a strong proponent of traditional marriage.
british tanks advance to engage german armour after their infantry had opened gaps in the axis minefield at el alamein.	british tanks advance to engage german armour after infantry had opened gaps in the axis minefield at el alamein.
alice sapritch (29 july 1916 – 24 march 1990) was a popular french film actress of armenian descent.	alice sapritch (29 july 1916 – 24 march 1990) was a french film actress of armenian descent.
liberal writer al franken questions the factual accuracy of her books, and is critical of her use of numerous endnotes .	writer al franken questions the factual accuracy of her books, and is critical of her use of numerous endnotes .
porat yosef yeshiva is a leading sephardic yeshiva in jerusalem, israel, with locations in both the old city and the geula neighborhood.	porat yosef yeshiva is a sephardic yeshiva in jerusalem, israel, with locations in both the old city and the geula neighborhood.
the course is set on a rugged-cliff top with spectacular views over st andrews.	the course is set on a rugged-cliff top with extensive views over st andrews.
many scholars believe the discrepancies were mostly caused by negligence rather than deliberate deception.	some scholars believe the discrepancies were mostly caused by negligence rather than deliberate deception.
alireza dabir (born september 16, 1977) is a champion freestyle wrestler from iran.	alireza dabir (born september 16, 1977) is a freestyle wrestler from iran.
the movie also shows that all the buildings came down at near free-fall speed and that, therefore, the official story that the buildings pancaked is impossible without breaking the laws of physics.	the movie also claims that all the buildings came down at near free-fall speed and that, therefore, the official story that the buildings pancaked is impossible without breaking the laws of physics.
muppets most wanted is a 2014 american family comedy film produced by walt disney pictures and mandeville films, and the eighth theatrical film featuring the muppets.	muppets most wanted is a 2014 american musical comedy film produced by walt disney pictures and mandeville films, and the eighth theatrical film featuring the muppets.
the jacobite attack, charging into the teeth of murderous musket fire and grapeshot fired from the cannons, was uncoordinated and met little success.	the jacobite attack, charging into the teeth of musket fire and grapeshot fired from the cannons, was uncoordinated and met little success.
to the north-east, the situation was even more grim, with the english funded armies of flanders , hainaut, brabant and even the holy roman empire either preparing or threatening invasion of france's northern provinces.	to the north-east, the situation was even more grim, with the english funded armies of, hainaut, brabant and even the holy roman empire either preparing or threatening invasion of france's northern provinces.
the metaphor appeared as early as february 9, 1859, when the new york times used it to characterize the unethical business practices by cornelius vanderbilt.	the metaphor appeared as early as february 9, 1859, when the new york times used it to characterize the business practices by cornelius vanderbilt.
some misguided journalists and religious leaders have expressed concerns about the church's political stance and use of donated funds for its ministries.	some journalists and religious leaders have expressed concerns about the church's political stance and use of donated funds for its ministries.
it has been variously described by most western nations as a coup or as a revolution by proponents.	it has been described by most western nations as a coup or as a revolution by proponents.
thomas adolphus trollope wrote a fascinating summary of his biography, which had been extracted were published by a giuseppe beraldi in a series called memorie di religione, di morale, e di letteratura.	thomas adolphus trollope wrote a summary of his biography, which had been extracted were published by a giuseppe beraldi in a series called memorie di religione, di morale, e di letteratura.
antares audio technologies, the company behind the infamous auto-tune technology which allows control over and correction of vocal pitch	antares audio technologies, the company behind the auto-tune technology which allows control over and correction of vocal pitch
after the 2002 coup attempt, the attempted lockout of venezuela's oil industry, and a referendum over chvez's leadership in 2004, in which chvez disputedly claimed to have won a landslide victory (which was wrongly vindicated by international observers including jimmy carter's carter center), the revolution began to more greatly involve the venezuelan poor.	after the 2002 coup attempt, the attempted lockout of venezuela's oil industry, and a referendum over chvez's leadership in 2004, in which chvez disputedly claimed to have won a landslide victory (which was later vindicated by international observers including jimmy carter's carter center), the revolution began to more greatly involve the venezuelan poor.
these languages do not possess a neuter gender and the masculine forms are also used traditionally when referring to groups of mixed or unknown sex.	these languages do not possess a neutral gender and the masculine forms are also used traditionally when referring to groups of mixed or unknown sex.
the southern tagalog arterial road (star) and south luzon expressway (slex) provide convenient access to batangas city and metro manila.	the southern tagalog arterial road (star) and south luzon expressway (slex) provide access to batangas city and metro manila.
prejudices against non-orthodox religions were behind manifestations of anti-semitism and occasional friction with non orthodox christian denominations.	resistance against non-orthodox religions were behind manifestations of anti-semitism and occasional friction with non orthodox christian denominations.
these focuses' abilities can be offensive, defensive, or buffing (for the player's three- man 'fireteam').	these focuses' abilities can be offensive, defensive, or buffing (for the player's three- person 'fireteam').
sidney sanders mcmath (june 14, 1912 – october 4, 2003) was a u.s. marine hero and progressive democratic reform governor of arkansas (1949–1953) who, in defiance of his state's political establishment, championed rapid extension of rural electric power, massive highway and school construction, the building of the university of arkansas for medical sciences, strict bank and utility regulation, repeal of the poll tax, open and honest elections and broad expansion of opportunity for black citizens in the decade following world war ii.	sidney sanders mcmath (june 14, 1912 – october 4, 2003) was a u.s. marine and progressive democratic reform governor of arkansas (1949–1953) who, in defiance of his state's political establishment, championed rapid extension of rural electric power, massive highway and school construction, the building of the university of arkansas for medical sciences, strict bank and utility regulation, repeal of the poll tax, open and honest elections and broad expansion of opportunity for black citizens in the decade following world war ii.
"thomas ""tom"" hurndall (november 29, 1981 - january 13, 2004) was a british photographer and member of the international solidarity movement (ism) and an activist against the israeli control of the palestinian territories."	"thomas ""tom"" hurndall (november 29, 1981 - january 13, 2004) was a british photographer and member of the international solidarity movement (ism) and an activist against the israeli occupation of the palestinian territories."
christian term for christians who adopt too much jewish culture, for example, some sabbatarians.	christian term for christians who are seen as adopting too much jewish culture, for example, some sabbatarians.
"russia suffered numerous defeats by japan, but tsar nicholas ii was convinced that russia would win and chose to remain engaged in the war; at first, to await the outcomes of certain naval battles, and later to preserve the dignity of russia by averting a ""humiliating peace""."	"russia suffered multiple defeats by japan, but tsar nicholas ii was convinced that russia would win and chose to remain engaged in the war; at first, to await the outcomes of certain naval battles, and later to preserve the dignity of russia by averting a ""humiliating peace""."
these albums are still fondly remembered by fans as two of the best rock & roll snapshots of the attitudes of the late 1960s and early 1970s.	these albums are still remembered by fans as two of the best rock & roll snapshots of the attitudes of the late 1960s and early 1970s.
the bridge closed in 2005 for a long-overdue renovation, and officials have indicated the bridge may open ahead of its september 15, 2007 completion date.	the bridge closed in 2005 for a renovation, and officials have indicated the bridge may open ahead of its september 15, 2007 completion date.
alpha compositing on images can be done in several high-end graphics programs, including adobe photoshop and paint shop pro, and inferior software programs like the gimp.	alpha compositing on images can be done in several high-end graphics programs, including adobe photoshop and paint shop pro, and free software programs like the gimp.
lane was a prominent figure in the white racialist movement, seen by many as a political prisoner and a p.o.w.. he coined the 14 words, a white nationalist credo.	lane was a prominent figure in the white nationalist movement, seen by many as a political prisoner and a p.o.w.. he coined the 14 words, a white nationalist credo.
bob sears, a doctor promoting controversial alternative vaccine schedules.	bob sears, a doctor promoting alternative vaccine schedules.
at the december 1999 world conservation union (iucn)'s regional meeting staged in pakse, laos, ali was awarded the prestigious fred m. packard wcpa-iucn award.	at the december 1999 world conservation union (iucn)'s regional meeting staged in pakse, laos, ali was awarded the fred m. packard wcpa-iucn award.
"ampology is a two disc compilation album by iconic australian rock group hoodoo gurus, spanning their entire career from their first single, ""leilani"" (october 1982) through to ""real deal"" (1997)."	"ampology is a two disc compilation album by australian rock group hoodoo gurus, spanning their entire career from their first single, ""leilani"" (october 1982) through to ""real deal"" (1997)."
the trail is also known for the beautiful scenery, with castles and other medieval buildings appearing on the trail.	the trail is also known for the scenery, with castles and other medieval buildings appearing on the trail.
vertical pyloromyotomy scar ( rather large) 30 hrs post-op in a 1 month-old baby	vertical pyloromyotomy scar (large) 30 hrs post-op in a 1 month-old baby
there are occasional half-hearted calls for some degree of autonomy for the south island — most notably in the form of the nz south island party which contested several seats at a new zealand general election in the 1990s.	there are occasional calls for some degree of autonomy for the south island — most notably in the form of the nz south island party which contested several seats at a new zealand general election in the 1990s.
in another interview, travolta admitted that his portrayal of stanton was much more kind than that in the book primary colors.	in another interview, travolta said that his portrayal of stanton was much more kind than that in the book primary colors.
this biological difference manifests itself in other fascinating aspects of female physiology and psychology; most notable is girls' preference to warmer weather and climates.	this biological difference manifests itself in other notable aspects of female physiology and psychology; most notable is girls' preference to warmer weather and climates.
ireland's first international game was on 6 november 2010 against south africa, with the springboks winning 2321. the game drew a disappointing crowd of 35,515, mainly due to a backlash by ireland supporters over the irfu's controversial ticketing strategy for the november test series.	ireland's first international game was on 6 november 2010 against south africa, with the springboks winning 2321. the game drew a crowd of 35,515, mainly due to a backlash by ireland supporters over the irfu's controversial ticketing strategy for the november test series.
wael b. hallaq is a prominent scholar of islamic law and islamic intellectual history.	wael b. hallaq is a non-muslim arab scholar of islamic law and islamic intellectual history.
rommel was a brilliant tactician and competent strategist , but certianly not without flaws.	rommel has been hailed as a brilliant tactician and competent strategist , but certianly not without flaws.
wilhelm walter friedrich kempff (november 25, 1895 – may 23, 1991) was a world-renowned german pianist and composer.	wilhelm walter friedrich kempff (november 25, 1895 – may 23, 1991) was a german pianist and composer.
sean slater is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by robert kazinsky.	sean slater is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by robert kazinsky.
according to the theory, a business owner's profit equals what the workers produce minus what the workers get paid - thus, in order for the owner to make a profit, the workers must get paid less than what they deserve ; see surplus value.	according to the theory, a business owner's profit equals what the workers produce minus what the workers get paid - thus, in order for the owner to make a profit, the workers must get paid less than what they produce ; see surplus value.
storm is portrayed badly by halle berry in the first three films.	storm is portrayed by halle berry in the first three films.
nt 3.1 nt 3.5 nt 3.51 nt 4.0 2000 xp (ia-64 amd64 ) server 2003  flp vista	nt 3.1 nt 3.5 nt 3.51 nt 4.0 2000 xp (ia-64 x64 ) server 2003  flp vista
many members of the original cast repeated their roles in this film, although the ending was drastically changed so that emily lived.	many members of the original cast repeated their roles in this film, although the ending was changed so that emily lived.
"despite the target demographic of young girls, the show has gained a large following from male teenagers and adults, calling themselves ""bronies""."	"despite the target demographic of young girls, the show has gained a large following from teenagers and adults, calling themselves ""bronies""."
"in this respect, ""the essentials of our faith"" is a fuller version of the ""five fundamentals"" that the old pcusa had overturned in the infamous ""auburn affirmation"" of 1923. this document has served to assure that the epc has always kept in view what is of primary importance for all evangelical christians (namely the gospel, or good news about jesus), as well as to maintain the irenic orthodoxy that has always been the hallmark of the denomination."	"in this respect, ""the essentials of our faith"" is a fuller version of the ""five fundamentals"" that the old pcusa had overturned in the ""auburn affirmation"" of 1923. this document has served to assure that the epc has always kept in view what is of primary importance for all evangelical christians (namely the gospel, or good news about jesus), as well as to maintain the irenic orthodoxy that has always been the hallmark of the denomination."
frank caliendo (born january 19, 1974) is an american comedian best known for his pitch-perfect impersonations on the fox network television series madtv, and since 2003 has been the in-house prognosticator for fox nfl sunday.	frank caliendo (born january 19, 1974) is an american comedian best known for his impersonations on the fox network television series madtv, and since 2003 has been the in-house prognosticator for fox nfl sunday.
it was abc's futile attempt to turn female stand-up comic phyllis diller into a sitcom comedienne very much in the style of lucille ball.	it was abc's futile attempt to turn female stand-up comic phyllis diller into a sitcom comedian very much in the style of lucille ball.
you can't push a river, you can't make me fall / but you can make me unreachable, she sings poignantly .	you can't push a river, you can't make me fall / but you can make me unreachable, she sings.
early reports had suggested that the killing was the venting of a domestic dispute between the killer and his supposed former girlfriend emily hilscher, whose friends claimed she had no prior relationship with cho.	early reports had suggested that the killing was the venting of a domestic dispute between the killer and his supposed former girlfriend emily hilscher, whose friends said she had no prior relationship with cho.
beings that live in harmony with dharma supposedly proceed quicker towards personal liberation (also called moksha or nirvana), a concept central in eastern religions .	beings that live in harmony with dharma proceed quicker towards personal liberation (also called moksha or nirvana), a concept central in eastern religions .
a racist stereotypical black icon was fairly common for u.s. commercial brands at the time of the cereal's creation; for other examples, see aunt jemima and uncle ben.	a stereotypical black icon was fairly common for u.s. commercial brands at the time of the cereal's creation; for other examples, see aunt jemima and uncle ben.
"the bla carried out a series of bombings, murders , robberies (which participants termed ""expropriations""), and prison breaks."	"the bla carried out a series of bombings, killings of police officers and drug dealers , robberies (which participants termed ""expropriations""), and prison breaks."
founded in 1995, stormfront has been labelled the internet's first major hate site,	founded in 1995, stormfront has been considered to be the internet's first major hate site,
the mir space station crashes into kenny, killing him only 25 seconds after the show began.	the mir space station crashes into kenny, killing him 25 seconds after the show began.
"a letter to the editor of the spokane spokesman review newspaper by james gordon perkins of colville, washington in early 2016 mischaracterized the american redoubt movement as ""a 'whites only' plan for eastern washington, eastern oregon, idaho, western montana and wyoming."	"a letter to the editor of the spokane spokesman review newspaper by james gordon perkins of colville, washington in early 2016 characterized the american redoubt movement as ""a 'whites only' plan for eastern washington, eastern oregon, idaho, western montana and wyoming."
pola sued a french magazine, pour vous, that had circulated the libelous rumor and won the case.	negri sued a french magazine, pour vous, that had circulated the libelous rumor and won the case.
in august 2009, the company won a $249 million grant from the u.s. department of energy's advanced technology vehicles manufacturing loan program (atvmlp) to build production facilities in romulus and livonia, mich.	in august 2009, the company received a $249 million grant from the u.s. department of energy's advanced technology vehicles manufacturing loan program (atvmlp) to build production facilities in romulus and livonia, mich.
the club's last game at highfield road stadium results in a scintillating 62 win over midlands rivals derby county in front of a sell-out 23,000 crowd.	the club's last game at highfield road stadium results in a 62 win over midlands rivals derby county in front of a sell-out 23,000 crowd.
on time, her only live-action appearance, carmen also had little personality and was generally portrayed as a straight villainess .	on time, her only live-action appearance, carmen also had little personality and was generally portrayed as a straight villain .
"the hsd ""neutral gear"" is achieved by turning the engine off."	"the hsd ""neutral gear"" is achieved by turning the electric motors off."
many conflicts ensued between hirogen and voyager as the aliens continued their ritualistic hunt, but, under captain janeway's expert guidance, the starfleet crew was able to survive each encounter.	many conflicts ensued between hirogen and voyager as the aliens continued their ritualistic hunt, but, under captain janeway's guidance, the starfleet crew was able to survive each encounter.
side note: this episode marks the network television debut of actress and comedienne julie brown.	side note: this episode marks the network television debut of actress and comedian julie brown.
"during her acceptance speech for her 2007 emmy award for outstanding lead actress in a drama series, field made an absurd anti-war statement: ""if the mothers ruled the world, there would be no goddamn wars in the first place."""	"during her acceptance speech for her 2007 emmy award for outstanding lead actress in a drama series, field made an anti-war statement: ""if the mothers ruled the world, there would be no goddamn wars in the first place."""
the oxford history of music claims that a sculpture of bagpipes has been found on a hittite slab at eyuk in the middle east, dated to 1000 bc.	the oxford history of music says that a sculpture of bagpipes has been found on a hittite slab at eyuk in the middle east, dated to 1000 bc.
thus, it's no surprise that freshmen, who have no control over which upperclass houses they will be randomly assigned to, often fear being assigned to the quad, that many river dwellers rightly mock the quad, and that most quadlings at some point feel bitter about it.	thus, it's no surprise that freshmen, who have no control over which upperclass houses they will be randomly assigned to, often fear being assigned to the quad, that many river dwellers mock the quad, and that most quadlings at some point feel bitter about it.
taylor struggled with health problems much of her life, and many times newspaper headlines announced that she was close to death.	taylor had with health problems much of her life, and many times newspaper headlines announced that she was close to death.
pandulf, meanwhile, fled to constantinople, seeking the protection of his old greek allies.	pandulf, meanwhile, fled to constantinople, seeking the protection of his old byzantine allies.
to date, she has garnered more than 100 prestigious local awards as well as international awards.	to date, she has garnered more than 100 local awards as well as international awards.
goals include protecting the national security of rwanda and burundi, defending tutsis in the drc, checking the influence of uganda and plundering natural resources.	goals include protecting the national security of rwanda and burundi, defending tutsis in the drc, checking the influence of uganda and controlling natural resources.
normally ladies with children, shopkeepers, and people in a hurry are not able to give much attention especially if the explanation is not immediately intriguing or it is in broken english.	normally people with children, shopkeepers, and people in a hurry are not able to give much attention especially if the explanation is not immediately intriguing or it is in broken english.
difficult early protest against neo-nazis in dresden	early protest against neo-nazis in dresden
in many ways the rebellions and the unfair treaties the qing were forced to sign with the imperialist powers are symptomatic of the inability of the chinese government to respond adequately to the challenging conditions facing china in the 19th century.	in many ways the rebellions and the treaties the qing were forced to sign with the imperialist powers are symptomatic of the inability of the chinese government to respond adequately to the challenging conditions facing china in the 19th century.
many opponents of the aca (sometimes derogatorily referred to as 'obamacare') have claimed that the individual mandate is a violation of the commerce clause.	many opponents of the aca (sometimes referred to as 'obamacare') have claimed that the individual mandate is a violation of the commerce clause.
languages (2011): 83.93% english, 2.92% chinese languages , 1.79% french, 1.40% german	languages (2011): 83.93% english, 2.92% chinese, 1.79% french, 1.40% german
"however, left-oppositonalists centred around ""the leninist"" newspaper declared their intention to reforge the party, reclaimed the name of the party at an emergency conference and are now known as the communist party of great britain."	"however, members centred around ""the leninist"" newspaper declared their intention to reforge the party, reclaimed the name of the party at an emergency conference and are now known as the communist party of great britain."
however, the negotiations failed .	however, the negotiations were not completed .
ronald eldon wyatt (1933 - august 4, 1999) was an amateur archaeologist (he had no qualifications or training and held no professional position) and author who claimed to have discovered many significant biblical sites and artifacts.	ronald eldon wyatt (1933 - august 4, 1999) was an amateur archaeologist (he had no credentials or training and held no professional position) and author who claimed to have discovered many significant biblical sites and artifacts.
after a 133 record dissolved into a disappointing loss to the new york jets in the divisional round of the 2009-10 nfl playoffs, the chargers will attempt to win their 5th consecutive afc west division title and contend for another super bowl championship.	after a 133 record dissolved into a disappointing loss to the new york jets in the divisional round of the 2009-10 nfl playoffs, the chargers will attempt to win their 5th consecutive afc west division title and contend for a super bowl championship.
most bnab sites are on hivs only exposed surface antigen, the flower-like envelope (env) protein ( gp140 ) that sprouts from the viral membrane and is designed to grab and penetrate host cells.	most bnab sites are on hivs only exposed surface antigen, the flower-like envelope (env) protein ( trimers of heterodimers of gp120 and gp41 ) that sprouts from the viral membrane and is designed to grab and penetrate host cells.
karen maruyama (born may 29, 1958) is an american actress and comedienne .	karen maruyama (born may 29, 1958) is an american actress and comedian .
wild birds unlimited stores also function as a community resource by providing valuable advice and information about birds and birdfeeding.	wild birds unlimited stores also function as a community resource by providing advice and information about birds and birdfeeding.
"in the late 1980s, he issued an urgent call that the world had ten years to ""save the oceans,"" a proclamation that has earned him substantial criticism from global warming deniers ."	"in the late 1980s, he issued an urgent call that the world had ten years to ""save the oceans,"" a proclamation that has earned him substantial criticism from global warming skeptics ."
following the sale of clear channel's stake in sirius xm radio, the show ended its simulcast over xm satellite radio on october 18, 2013. the monsters in the morning most recently aired on extreme talk (xm channel 243), a channel now only available online via iheartradio.	following the sale of clear channel's stake in sirius xm radio, the show ended its simulcast over xm satellite radio on october 18, 2013. the monsters in the morning most recently aired on extreme talk (xm channel 243), a channel now available online via iheartradio.
presumable examples of islamophobia	alleged examples of islamophobia
at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro, team japan unsurprisingly qualified first into the team all-around final, following their success at the 2015 world championships.	at the 2016 summer olympics in rio de janeiro, team japan qualified first into the team all-around final, following their success at the 2015 world championships.
zapruder added that he had assumed the shots came from behind him not only because the president's head went backwards from the fatal shot, but also that the explosive wound on the side of the president's head was facing that direction.	zapruder added that he had assumed the shots came from behind him not only because the president's head went backwards from the fatal shot, but also that the wound on the side of the president's head was facing that direction.
juliet thompson, one of khalil gibran's acquaintances, said that gibran told her that he thought of `abdu'l-bah, the divine leader of the bah' faith in his lifetime, all the way through writing the prophet.	juliet thompson, one of khalil gibran's acquaintances, said that gibran told her that he thought of `abdu'l-bah, the leader of the bah' faith in his lifetime, all the way through writing the prophet.
it provides the ability to edit images on-the-fly (which used to be handled by quartz/quartz extreme) and apply dazzling effects to them.	it provides the ability to edit images on-the-fly (which used to be handled by quartz/quartz extreme) and apply effects to them.
for spreadsheet formulas most implementations use dialects of the proprietary openoffice.org 1.x/2.x spreadsheet formula format.	for spreadsheet formulas most implementations use dialects of the openoffice.org 1.x/2.x spreadsheet formula format.
sometime in the summer of 2005, members of the matar family illegally moved into a house in the coastal shirat hayam settlement in gaza, a closed military zone, to show their opposition to the withdrawal and encouraged others to do the same.	sometime in the summer of 2005, members of the matar family moved into a house in the coastal shirat hayam settlement in gaza, a closed military zone, to show their opposition to the withdrawal and encouraged others to do the same.
he is best known for directing and starring in several adaptations of william shakespeare's plays on films.	he is known for directing and starring in several adaptations of william shakespeare's plays on films.
there were also regular military formations, also called partisans, that were used to conduct long-range reconnaissance patrol missions behind enemy lines from bases within soviet-held territory.	there were also regular military formations, also called partisans, that were used to conduct long-range reconnaissance patrol missions behind axis lines from bases within soviet-held territory.
there is also a discrete analog of the weyl relations, which can hold in on a finite-dimensional space, namely sylvester's celebrated clock and shift matrices in the finite heisenberg group, discussed below.	there is also a discrete analog of the weyl relations, which can hold in on a finite-dimensional space, namely sylvester's clock and shift matrices in the finite heisenberg group, discussed below.
"in psychology, bicameralism is a controversial hypothesis which argues that the human brain once assumed a state known as a bicameral mind in which cognitive functions are divided between one part of the brain which appears to be ""speaking"", and a second part which listens and obeys."	"in psychology, bicameralism is a hypothesis which argues that the human brain once assumed a state known as a bicameral mind in which cognitive functions are divided between one part of the brain which appears to be ""speaking"", and a second part which listens and obeys."
"on 8 february 1941, the special sections of the nkvd (responsible for counter-intelligence in the military) were given to the army and navy (nko and nkvmf) where they became the infamous smersh (from smert' shpionam or ""death to spies"")."	"on 8 february 1941, the special sections of the nkvd (responsible for counter-intelligence in the military) were given to the army and navy (nko and nkvmf) where they became the smersh (from smert' shpionam or ""death to spies"")."
samples of catholic religious objectsthe holy bible, a crucifix, and a rosary	samples of catholic religious objectsthe bible, a crucifix, and a rosary
there is also a small french-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern and eastern parts of the province, where under the french language services act, provincial government services are required to be available in french if at least 10 percent of a designated area's population report french as their native language.	there is also a french-speaking population concentrated in the northeastern and eastern parts of the province, where under the french language services act, provincial government services are required to be available in french if at least 10 percent of a designated area's population report french as their native language.
even though intended to be non-partisan, and beginning with up to 18% catholic recruits, the regiment's image problems with nationalists, including reported sectarianism amongst some protestant soldiers, as well as ira attacks on catholic udr soldiers.	even though intended to be non-partisan, and beginning with up to 18% catholic recruits, the regiment's image problems with nationalists, including sectarianism amongst some protestant soldiers, as well as ira attacks on catholic udr soldiers.
in august 2011, several top djs paid tribute to dj am at the vanity nightclub in the hard rock casino in las vegas.	in august 2011, several djs paid tribute to dj am at the vanity nightclub in the hard rock casino in las vegas.
however, you can block numbers on whatsapp.	however, users can block numbers on whatsapp.
despite repeated broadcasts, by the end of july that year, only 7,000 people had volunteered to join the free french forces.	following repeated broadcasts, by the end of july that year, only 7,000 people had volunteered to join the free french forces.
pliny the younger and suetonius were also given the right undeservedly .	pliny the younger and suetonius were also given the right.
founded by domingo lpez escauriaza and eduardo ferrer ferrer, its first edition went on sale on 8 march 1948. they had originally wanted to call it la patria, but, as that name was already in use, they decided on el universal in homage to the prestigious caracas daily of the same name .	founded by domingo lpez escauriaza and eduardo ferrer ferrer, its first edition went on sale on 8 march 1948. they had originally wanted to call it la patria, but, as that name was already in use, they decided on el universal in homage to the caracas daily of the same name.
...that joe keenan's 2006 novel my lucky star won the prestigious thurber prize for american humor in 2007?	...that joe keenan's 2006 novel my lucky star won the thurber prize for american humor in 2007?
greenwood (2011 population 708) is a small city in south central british columbia.	greenwood ( 2011 population 708) is a city in south central british columbia.
the first range of vegan quorn in the uk, of which there are currently only six such products, was launched in october 2015.	the first range of vegan quorn in the uk, of which there are currently six such products, was launched in october 2015.
on 29 july, israel bombed gaza's only power plant, which was estimated to take a year to repair.	on 29 july, israel was reported to bomb gaza's only power plant, which was estimated to take a year to repair.
paglia claimed that they were ignorant of art, science and history, were hostile to men, and were harming young women by teaching them to see themselves as victims.	paglia wrote that they were ignorant of art, science and history, were hostile to men, and were harming young women by teaching them to see themselves as victims.
in turn, homosexuals who feel conversion therapy has been helpful have felt oppressed by such activists.	in turn, individuals who feel conversion therapy has been helpful have felt oppressed by such activists.
greta k. berlin (born april 6, 1941) is a media communications expert and volunteer anti-israel , pro-palestinian activist.	greta k. berlin (born april 6, 1941) is a media communications expert and volunteer, pro-palestinian activist.
graham's father is an african american from memphis, tennessee, while graham's mother is a white jewish canadian.	graham's father is an african american from memphis, tennessee, and graham's mother is a white jewish canadian.
martyn died in ireland on 29 january 2009. the english rock band keane included a dedication to him in their glasgow concert that evening, as did folk legend richard thompson.	martyn died in ireland on 29 january 2009. the english rock band keane included a dedication to him in their glasgow concert that evening, as did folk musician richard thompson .
chuck norris facts – awesome tall tales about chuck norris.	chuck norris facts – tall tales about chuck norris .
this verdict has raised doubts into the constitutionality of the other wrongful convictions.	this verdict has raised doubts into the constitutionality of the other convictions.
regis high school was founded in 1914 through the financial bequest of a single anonymous benefactress , who stipulated that her gift be used to build a jesuit high school providing a free education for catholic boys, with special consideration given to those who could not otherwise afford a catholic education.	regis high school was founded in 1914 through the financial bequest of a single anonymous benefactor , who stipulated that her gift be used to build a jesuit high school providing a free education for catholic boys, with special consideration given to those who could not otherwise afford a catholic education.
auston matthews (born september 17, 1997) is an american professional ice hockey phenom for the toronto maple leafs of the national hockey league (nhl).	auston matthews (born september 17, 1997) is an american professional ice hockey player for the toronto maple leafs of the national hockey league (nhl).
boltwatch: anti-bolt site with a critical discussion of bolt's opinion pieces and fora	boltwatch: site with a critical discussion of bolt's opinion pieces and fora
the movement's supporters counter, however, that the allegations of anti-semitism are unfounded or exaggerated, and aim to stigmatize legitimate criticism of israeli government policies.	the movement's supporters counter, however, that the allegations of anti-semitism are unfounded or exaggerated, and aim to stigmatize criticism of israeli government policies.
kate spade & company, initially known liz claiborne inc. (founded in 1976 in manhattan), and becoming known as fifth & pacific companies until february 25, 2014, is a fashion company that designs and markets a wide range of women's and men's apparel, accessories and fragrance products under the kate spade new york and jack spade labels.	kate spade & company, initially known liz claiborne inc. (founded in 1976 in manhattan), and becoming known as fifth & pacific companies until february 25, 2014, is a fashion company that designs and markets a range of women's and men's apparel, accessories and fragrance products under the kate spade new york and jack spade labels.
founded in 1925 by medinah shriners, its 450 acres contains three champion golf courses, lake kadijah, swimming facilities and a spectacular clubhouse.	founded in 1925 by medinah shriners, its 450 acres contains three champion golf courses, lake kadijah, swimming facilities and a clubhouse.
the german conservative newspaper preuische allgemeine zeitung (paz) has published a number of articles, in which the authors criticize what they regard as bias in the coverage of the newspaper in the respective article and accuse the anonymous authors of wikipedia of manipulations .	the german newspaper preuische allgemeine zeitung (paz) has published a number of articles, in which the authors criticize what they regard as bias in the coverage of the newspaper in the respective article and accuse the anonymous authors of wikipedia of manipulations .
alternative news media have reported that cooper is gay,	independent news media have reported that cooper is gay,
it is to perpetuate this myth that thakazhi wrote this beautiful novel.	it is to perpetuate this myth that thakazhi wrote this novel.
the melbourne cricket ground (mcg) is an iconic australian sports stadium located in yarra park in inner melbourne, home to the melbourne cricket club.	the melbourne cricket ground (mcg) is an australian sports stadium located in yarra park in inner melbourne, home to the melbourne cricket club.
her famous line quickly entered the american pop culture (it was even used to devastating effect by walter mondale in defeating gary hart in the democratic primary election) and served to promote wendy's high-quality hamburgers.	her famous line quickly entered the american pop culture (it was even used to devastating effect by walter mondale in defeating gary hart in the democratic primary election) and served to promote wendy's hamburgers.
while the decision was placating racist asiatic exclusion league (ael) demands, spurned by growing outrage at the turban tide / hindoo invasion (sic) alongside the pre-existing outrage at the yellow peril, and while more recent legislation influenced by the civil-rights movement has removed much of the statutory discrimination against asians, no case has overturned this 1923 classification.	while the decision was placating the asiatic exclusion league (ael) demands, spurned by growing outrage at the turban tide / hindoo invasion (sic) alongside the pre-existing outrage at the yellow peril, and while more recent legislation influenced by the civil-rights movement has removed much of the statutory discrimination against asians, no case has overturned this 1923 classification.
his exceptional court vision and passing ability allows him to create unselfish plays for others and has led many to consider him as a prototypical point forward.	his exceptional court vision and passing ability allows him to create plays for others and has led many to consider him as a prototypical point forward.
under border changes promulgated at the potsdam conference in 1945, the former german memelland, with its baltic port memel (lithuanian: klaipda), was transferred to lithuania the lithuanian ssr.	under border changes promulgated at the potsdam conference in 1945, the former german memelland, with its baltic port memel (lithuanian: klaipda), was transferred to the lithuanian ssr.
clawful is a fictional character in the popular masters of the universe toy line and the accompanying cartoon series he-man and the masters of the universe.	clawful is a fictional character in the masters of the universe toy line and the accompanying cartoon series he-man and the masters of the universe.
"some astronomers argue that only objects that orbit stars qualify as planets and thus an ""interstellar planet"" is an oxymoron, instead using the terms ""planetary body"", ""planetary mass object"" or ""planemo""."	"many astronomers argue that only objects that orbit stars qualify as planets and thus an ""interstellar planet"" is an oxymoron, instead using the terms ""planetary body"", ""planetary mass object"" or ""planemo""."
it is not uncommon to see urban sidewalks and train platforms speckled with thousands of unsightly patches of dried, discarded gum.	it is not uncommon to see urban sidewalks and train platforms speckled with thousands of patches of dried, discarded gum.
frances howard (june 4, 1903 – july 2, 1976) was a minor american actress and the second wife of academy award-winning producer samuel goldwyn.	frances howard (june 4, 1903 – july 2, 1976) was a american actress and the second wife of academy award-winning producer samuel goldwyn.
although father director usurped a position of extremely high authority, he is not the primate of poland but an ordinary priest.	although father director is in a position of extremely high authority, he is not the primate of poland but an ordinary priest.
"refuting compromise, published in 2004, is sarfati's rebuttal of the day-age creationist teachings of dr. hugh ross, who unsuccessfully attempts to harmonize the genesis account of creation with modern science regarding the age of the earth and the possible size of the ""flood,"" against which sarfati defends a literal biblical timeline and a global flood."	"refuting compromise, published in 2004, is sarfati's rebuttal of the day-age creationist teachings of dr. hugh ross, who attempts to harmonize the genesis account of creation with modern science regarding the age of the earth and the possible size of the ""flood,"" against which sarfati defends a literal biblical timeline and a global flood."
zionist occupation government, a conspiracy theory about jews dominating governments	zionist occupation government, an antisemitic conspiracy theory about jews dominating governments
"in remarks on april 27, 2005 at a rally for radical lawyer lynne stewart, she said ""america has been killing people, like my sister over here says, since we first stepped on this continent, we have been responsible for death and destruction."	"in remarks on april 27, 2005 at a rally for lawyer lynne stewart, she said ""america has been killing people, like my sister over here says, since we first stepped on this continent, we have been responsible for death and destruction."
in her spare time she works as the managing director of providence not-for-profit stronghold as220.	in her spare time she works as the managing director of providence not-for-profit arts organization as220.
"duke is a self-styled ""white nationalist"" widely regarded as a white supremacist and neo-nazi by mainstream political and civil organizations, including the anti-defamation league (adl) and the southern poverty law center."	"duke is a ""white nationalist"" widely regarded as a white supremacist and neo-nazi by mainstream political and civil organizations, including the anti-defamation league (adl) and the southern poverty law center."
large corporations and wealthy businessmen were minimally affected by the recession, and were the first to recover.	large corporations and wealthy businesspeople were minimally affected by the recession, and were the first to recover.
esoteric non- christian and gnostic tradition	esoteric christian and gnostic tradition
under its disengagement plan, israel retained exclusive control over gaza's airspace, continued to guard and monitor the external land perimeter of the gaza strip, with the exception of its southernmost border (where egypt retained control of the border and border crossings were supervised by european monitors), and continued to monitor and blockade gaza's coastline.	under its disengagement plan, israel retained exclusive control over gaza's airspace, continued to patrol and monitor the external land perimeter of the gaza strip, with the exception of its southernmost border (where egypt retained control of the border and border crossings were supervised by european monitors), and continued to monitor and blockade gaza's coastline.
simpson is perhaps now most famous for allegedly killing his wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman in 1994. despite widespread public belief that he is guilty, he was acquitted in criminal court in 1995 after a lengthy and highly publicized and controversial trial.	simpson is perhaps now most famous for killing his wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman in 1994. despite widespread public belief that he is guilty, he was acquitted in criminal court in 1995 after a lengthy and highly publicized and controversial trial.
shifdan - important environmental project	shifdan - environmental project
the opinions of the church in these deaths reflects an awareness of one of society's first attempts to understand the severe problem of overpopulation and overcrowding.	the opinions of the church in these deaths may reflect an awareness of one of society's first attempts to understand the severe problem of overpopulation and overcrowding.
this jazzy song is about singer robert plant's attraction to his wife's younger sister, hence the title and the lyrics.	this jazz influenced song is about singer robert plant's attraction to his wife's younger sister, hence the title and the lyrics.
in the popular hbo tv series the sopranos, he had his most prominent role yet, as phil leotardo, a ruthless new york gangster who, as boss of the show's fictional lupertazzi crime family, becomes the show's chief antagonist in the final seasons.	in the hbo tv series the sopranos, he had his most prominent role yet, as phil leotardo, a ruthless new york gangster who, as boss of the show's fictional lupertazzi crime family, becomes the show's chief antagonist in the final seasons.
cobb was accused of being a possible communist in testimony before the house un-american activities committee because of his involvement in progressive political causes and his support of political and charitable organizations alleged to be communist fronts.	cobb was accused of being a possible communist in testimony before the house un-american activities committee because of his involvement in left-wing political causes and his support of political and charitable organizations alleged to be communist fronts.
the group's secrecy and its connections to power elites has provided fodder for many who believe that the group is part of a conspiracy to create a new world order.	the group's secrecy and its connections to power elites has provided arguments for many who believe that the group is part of a conspiracy to create a new world order.
the constitution party is a minor political party in the united states.	the constitution party is a political party in the united states.
respectable investor warren buffett is a vocal critic of speculation.	the investor warren buffett is a vocal critic of speculation.
the wright brothers, orville wright (august 19, 1871 - january 30, 1948) and wilbur wright (april 16, 1867 - may 30, 1912), are widely credited with the invention of the airplane and making the first controllable, powered heavier-than-air flight.	the wright brothers, orville wright (august 19, 1871 - january 30, 1948) and wilbur wright (april 16, 1867 - may 30, 1912), are sometimes credited with the invention of the airplane and making the first controllable, powered heavier-than-air flight.
in 1857 he bought a fine plantation in rutherford county, and moved there, but returned to nashville in 1859 with his son-in-law and daughter, mr. and mrs. emmet eakin, and lived with them for a year, when they removed to saline county, missouri, near marshall.	in 1857 he bought a plantation in rutherford county, and moved there, but returned to nashville in 1859 with his son-in-law and daughter, mr. and mrs. emmet eakin, and lived with them for a year, when they removed to saline county, missouri, near marshall.
these studies discuss, refute , replicate or duplicate lott's research	these studies discuss, dispute , replicate or duplicate lott's research
for the first time in a generation, germany's armed forces were as strong as those of her antagonistic neighbour, france.	for the first time in a generation, germany's armed forces were as strong as those of her neighbour, france.
the dog was owned by charles dew and was bred by the famous breeder james yardington.	the dog was owned by charles dew and was bred by the breeder james yardington.
although offensively capable, stevens was largely known for his defensive play, and particularly his devastating hits.	although offensively capable, stevens was largely known for his defensive play, and particularly his powerful hits.
however, the new minister had absolutely no influence over the duchess, who continued her immoral lifestyle despite del llano's repeated entreaties.	however, the new minister had absolutely no influence over the duchess, who continued her lifestyle despite del llano's repeated entreaties.
"on the other hand, clementine's biographer, joan hardwick, has surmised (due in part to sir henry hozier's reputed sterility) that all lady blanche's ""hozier"" children were actually fathered by her sister's husband, algernon bertram freeman-mitford (18371916), better known as a grandfather of the notorious mitford sisters of the 1920s."	"on the other hand, clementine's biographer, joan hardwick, has surmised (due in part to sir henry hozier's reputed sterility) that all lady blanche's ""hozier"" children were actually fathered by her sister's husband, algernon bertram freeman-mitford (18371916), better known as a grandfather of the famous mitford sisters of the 1920s."
don luis carrero blanco, 1st duke of carrero blanco, grandee of spain (4 march 1904 – 20 december 1973) was a spanish admiral and long-time confidant of dictator francisco franco.	don luis carrero blanco, 1st duke of carrero blanco, grandee of spain (4 march 1904 – 20 december 1973) was a spanish admiral and long-time confidant of head of state francisco franco.
liberty university is a non-selective christian liberal arts university in lynchburg, virginia.	liberty university is a christian liberal arts university in lynchburg, virginia.
he was assassinated by 26 year-old kahlil tahmassebi of the fadayan-e islam terrorist organization with 3 bullets in tehran at the age of 49. razmara was the first iranian prime minister to be assassinated.	he was assassinated by 26 year-old kahlil tahmassebi of the fadayan-e islam organization with 3 bullets in tehran at the age of 49. razmara was the first iranian prime minister to be assassinated.
hinckley united have had an association with the famous triumph motorcycles being an associate sponor over the last 5 years.	hinckley united have had an association with the triumph motorcycles being an associate sponor over the last 5 years.
this first year, the focus was on ginger women who all volunteered to pose for paintings.	this first year, the focus was on red-haired women who all volunteered to pose for paintings.
the majority of the early comic strips were adapted by henry gammidge; however, the dr. no adaptation was by peter o'donnell, years before he launched his legendary strip modesty blaise.	the majority of the early comic strips were adapted by henry gammidge; however, the dr. no adaptation was by peter o'donnell, years before he launched his strip modesty blaise.
these developments, coupled with the movement of the national gop more towards the far right shifted vermont in favor of the democratic party.	these developments, coupled with the movement of the national gop more towards the right shifted vermont in favor of the democratic party.
there are over 50 sculptures in the park which is situated on 10 beautiful acres.	there are over 50 sculptures in the park which is situated on 10 acres.
these books are especially notable within star trek literature, mostly due to the distinctive structure of ds9 as compared with previous and subsequent series: characters in ds9 developed dramatically through the seven-year run, with a substantial number of oft-recurring characters.	these books are especially distinctive within star trek literature, mostly due to the distinctive structure of ds9 as compared with previous and subsequent series: characters in ds9 developed dramatically through the seven-year run, with a substantial number of oft-recurring characters.
"the word mudjar is a medieval spanish corruption of the arabic word mudajjan , meaning ""tamed"", in a reference to the muslims who submitted to the rule of the christian kings."	"the word mudjar is a medieval spanish borrowing of the arabic word mudajjan , meaning ""tamed"", in a reference to the muslims who submitted to the rule of the christian kings."
unfortunately , word had somehow gotten out as to what occurred and the confederate raiders were forced to run from enemy assualt and a pair of union ships, the uss forest city and uss chesapeake.	however , word had somehow gotten out as to what occurred and the confederate raiders were forced to run from enemy assualt and a pair of union ships, the uss forest city and uss chesapeake.
the point of this fashion is to prod the theist into remembering that their preaching is likely to be viewed by atheists as having all the credibility and seriousness of the atheists' preaching about the ipu.	the point of this silliness is to prod the theist into remembering that their preaching is likely to be viewed by atheists as having all the credibility and seriousness of the atheists' preaching about the ipu.
on 27 april 2018, north and south korea signed the panmunjom declaration, committing to denuclearization and a peace treaty to officially end the korean war.	on 27 april 2018, north and south korea signed the panmunjom declaration, announcing a commitment to denuclearization and a peace treaty to officially end the korean war.
thornbury set out for avignon to secure papal confirmation; tragically the ship sank in a storm with the loss of all lives, said to number 135.	thornbury set out for avignon to secure papal confirmation; the ship sank in a storm with the loss of all lives, said to number 135.
jacobitism was a response to the abdication of james ii and vii in 1688 when he was replaced by his daughter mary ii jointly with her husband and first cousin william of orange.	jacobitism was a response to the deposition of james ii and vii in 1688 when he was replaced by his daughter mary ii jointly with her husband and first cousin william of orange.
tanya branning (ne cross) is a popular fictional character in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	tanya branning (ne cross) is a fictional character in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.
12 bits – wordlength of the legendary pdp-8 of digital equipment corporation (built from 1965 -1990)	12 bits – wordlength of the pdp-8 of digital equipment corporation (built from 1965 -1990)
this doctrine effectively removes the possibility of a spiritual aristocracy or hierarchy within protestant christianity.	this doctrine , according to supporters of the concept, removes the possibility of a spiritual aristocracy or hierarchy within protestant christianity.
he is best known as a part-owner and leader of sears, roebuck and company, and for the rosenwald fund which donated millions to support the education of african americans and other worthy causes in the first half of the 20th century.	he is best known as a part-owner and leader of sears, roebuck and company, and for the rosenwald fund which donated millions to support the education of african americans and other philanthropic causes in the first half of the 20th century.
another argument for combining hydrocodone with paracetemol (acetaminophen) is that it limits the potential for abuse .	another argument for combining hydrocodone with paracetemol (acetaminophen) is that it limits the potential for misuse .
it may be pointed out that voltaire's quarrel was with the institution of the church, being the wordly body, not the religion itself.	it may be pointed out that voltaire's quarrel was with the institution of the church, being the wordly body, not the existence of a god itself.
image:sarajevo railway station.jpg| railroad station in sarajevo	image:sarajevo railway station.jpg| train station in sarajevo
"his iconic phrase ""touchdown"" became the highest form of accolade for the contestants with cosima de vito receiving the first ever touchdown for her rendition of cold chisel's when the war is over."	"his phrase ""touchdown"" became the highest form of accolade for the contestants with cosima de vito receiving the first ever touchdown for her rendition of cold chisel's when the war is over."
despite leading 52, robertson lost 95 as o'sullivan produced a remarkable comeback by winning 7 frames in a row.	despite leading 52, robertson lost 95 as o'sullivan produced a comeback by winning 7 frames in a row.
stevens on the cover of her extremely popular song, some girls	stevens on the cover of her popular song, some girls
white is perhaps best known for her close association with the game show, password, her affiliation with animal charities (actors and others for animals), and her roles in the television sitcoms the mary tyler moore show, mama's family and the golden girls, as well as being a regular panelist on the extremely popular 1970s game show match game.	white is perhaps best known for her close association with the game show, password, her affiliation with animal charities (actors and others for animals), and her roles in the television sitcoms the mary tyler moore show, mama's family and the golden girls, as well as being a regular panelist on the popular 1970s game show match game.
it is frequently used to signify defiance (especially to authority), contempt or derision and is often accompanied by the obscene phrase 'fuck off'.	it is frequently used to signify defiance (especially to authority), contempt or derision and is often accompanied by the phrase 'fuck off'.
the vice-president has an office in the building, but his primary office is next door in the eisenhower executive office building.	the vice-president has an office in the building, but the vp's primary office is next door in the eisenhower executive office building.
"in addition, wright frequently sang background and occasionally lead vocals onstage and in the studio with pink floyd (most notably on the songs ""time,"" ""echoes"" and on the early classic ""astronomy domine"")."	"in addition, wright frequently sang background and occasionally lead vocals onstage and in the studio with pink floyd (most notably on the songs ""time,"" ""echoes"" and on the early barrett written ""astronomy domine"")."
a growing minority of people, especially in europe, canada and the usa, find the concept of god meaningless or unnecessary.	a minority of people, especially in europe, canada and the usa, find the concept of god meaningless or unnecessary.
mountaineer maniacs at mountaineer field.	mountaineer fans at mountaineer field.
spoof soap opera acorn antiques, created by comedienne victoria wood as part of victoria wood as seen on tv, is a deliberate parody of crossroads.	spoof soap opera acorn antiques, created by comedian victoria wood as part of victoria wood as seen on tv, is a deliberate parody of crossroads.
his best passing season came in 2002, when he amassed a quarterback rating of only 81.6. some fans have also reacted negatively to the constant media hype that surrounds vick, and feel that an over-exuberant american sports media anointed michael vick as the best player in football long before he deserved such an accolade.	his best passing season came in 2002, when he amassed a quarterback rating of 81.6. some fans have also reacted negatively to the constant media hype that surrounds vick, and feel that an over-exuberant american sports media anointed michael vick as the best player in football long before he deserved such an accolade.
the mocha uson blog (stylized as mocha uson blog) is a facebook page and blog which serves as a political propaganda page.	the mocha uson blog (stylized as mocha uson blog) is a facebook page and blog which serves as a political advocacy page.
another factor is large numbers of mutant lifeforms left behind from the unlucky workers and soldiers who were caught in the second blast.	another factor is large numbers of mutant lifeforms left behind from the workers and soldiers who were caught in the second blast.
severed ties — another awesome fansite	severed ties — another fansite
see list of un resolutions against israel for further details.	see list of un resolutions concerning israel for further details.
although federal law ( and ) prohibits defacement and modification of currency under certain specific conditions, no documented cases exist of prosecution for such action, and the federal reserve frequently recirculates similarly defaced notes.	although federal law ( and ) prohibits defacement and modification of currency under certain specific conditions, no documented cases exist of prosecution for such action, and the federal reserve frequently recirculates similarly altered notes.
however, in the united states, it has only 36 million users compared to myspace's 73 million.	however, in the united states, it has 36 million users compared to myspace's 73 million.
the ramen girl is an 2008 americanjapanese comedydrama film starring brittany murphy about a girl who goes to japan and decides to learn how to cook ramen.	the ramen girl is an 2008 americankorean comedydrama film starring brittany murphy about a girl who goes to japan and decides to learn how to cook ramen.
while historically, palestinian militancy was fragmented into several groups, the plo led, and eventually united, most factions, while conducting military campaigns that varied from airplane hijackings, terroristic operations and civil protest.	while historically, palestinian militancy was fragmented into several groups, the plo led, and eventually united, most factions, while conducting military campaigns that varied from airplane hijackings, militant operations and civil protest.
"the english pronunciation (""gei-"" rhymes with ""key"") or the phrase ""geisha girl,"" common during the american occupation of japan, carry connotations of prostitution, as some young women, desperate for money and calling themselves ""geisha,"" sold themselves to american troops after wwii."	"the english pronunciation (""gei-"" rhymes with ""key"") or the phrase ""geisha girl,"" common during the american occupation of japan, carry connotations of prostitution, as some young women, desperate for money and calling themselves ""geisha,"" sold sexual favors to american troops after wwii."
he had been urging london to take a hard line with the sons of liberty.	hutchinson had been urging london to take a hard line with the sons of liberty.
few claim that they were people first associated with the kakatiya kingdom who took control of the northern parts of the hoysala empire during its decline.	others claim that they were people first associated with the kakatiya kingdom who took control of the northern parts of the hoysala empire during its decline.
in 1972, president ferdinand marcos cited this terrorism as the reason for his imposition of martial law.	in 1972, president ferdinand marcos cited this armed resistance movement as the reason for his imposition of martial law.
paranormal matters: accounts of miracles, alleged ufo/alien encounters (including examination of the roswell ufo incident and the phoenix ufo incident, the remarkable ufo incident in eupen, belgium observed by nato fighter jets, or scientific questions about life on mars), ghosts, bigfoot, or other inexplicable phenomena.	paranormal matters: accounts of miracles, alleged ufo/alien encounters (including examination of the roswell ufo incident and the phoenix ufo incident, the ufo incident in eupen, belgium observed by nato fighter jets, or scientific questions about life on mars), ghosts, bigfoot, or other inexplicable phenomena.
they found that if iq scores are adjusted, as herrnstein and murray did, to eliminate the effect of education, the ability of iq to predict poverty can be made to look dramatically overstated , by as much as 61 percent for whites and 74 percent for blacks.	they found that if iq scores are adjusted, as herrnstein and murray did, to eliminate the effect of education, the ability of iq to predict poverty can be made to look dramatically larger , by as much as 61 percent for whites and 74 percent for blacks.
the genesis creation narrative or genesis creation myth is the symbolic narrative of the world's creation contained in the first two chapters of the book of genesis, the first book of the hebrew bible (the old testament of the christian bible).	the genesis creation narrative or genesis creation myth is the narrative of the world's creation contained in the first two chapters of the book of genesis, the first book of the hebrew bible (the old testament of the christian bible).
"on january 15, 2008, the billing system was mistakenly used to bill users up to december 2008. josh jones had intended to bill any accounts that had failed to be billed in late december 2007 due to an upgrade discrepancy, but he irresponsibly entered ""2008"" instead of ""2007""."	"on january 15, 2008, the billing system was mistakenly used to bill users up to december 2008. josh jones had intended to bill any accounts that had failed to be billed in late december 2007 due to an upgrade discrepancy, but he entered ""2008"" instead of ""2007""."
in a 2012 huffington post interview, actress- comedienne laura prepon compared sam and diane to chelsea (laura prepon) and rick (jake mcdorman) of are you there, chelsea?	in a 2012 huffington post interview, actress- comedian laura prepon compared sam and diane to chelsea (laura prepon) and rick (jake mcdorman) of are you there, chelsea?
ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an ultra- conservative american syndicated columnist, bestselling author, constitutional lawyer, and television pundit.	ann hart coulter (born december 8, 1961) is an conservative american syndicated columnist, bestselling author, constitutional lawyer, and television pundit.
ab-mansr qatrn-i tabrz (1009-1072), , was a royal persian poet.	ab-mansr qatrn-i tabrz (1009-1072), , was a royal iranian poet.
hamlet and oedipus is a study of william shakespeare's hamlet in which the titular character's famously inexplicable behaviours are subjected to investigation along psychoanalytic lines.	hamlet and oedipus is a study of william shakespeare's hamlet in which the titular character's inexplicable behaviours are subjected to investigation along psychoanalytic lines.
davies was already building a solid reputation as a film comedienne when newspaper tycoon william randolph hearst, with whom she had begun a romantic relationship, took over management of her career.	davies was already building a solid reputation as a film comedian when newspaper tycoon william randolph hearst, with whom she had begun a romantic relationship, took over management of her career.
"aircraft from ""taffy 2"" joined in the epic battle off samar."	"aircraft from ""taffy 2"" joined in the battle off samar."
it takes place in a science fantasy distant future when mankind has rebuilt society after the apocalypse, but is threatened by intelligent beasts led by a sorceress.	it takes place in a science fantasy distant future when humanity has rebuilt society after the apocalypse, but is threatened by intelligent beasts led by a sorceress.
the political integration of india established a united nation for the first time in thousands of years from several princely states, colonial provinces and possessions.	the political integration of india established a united nation for the first time in thousands of years from a plethora princely states, colonial provinces and possessions.
yasmin le bon (ne parvaneh) born on october 29, 1964, in oxford, england, is an iranian-english supermodel .	yasmin le bon (ne parvaneh) born on october 29, 1964, in oxford, england, is an iranian-english model .
probably we have to go back to schubert to find a composer whose opus 1 has attained the wide popularity of svendsen's a minor string quartet, while his beautiful octet, opus 3, added to his fame.	probably we have to go back to schubert to find a composer whose opus 1 has attained the wide popularity of svendsen's a minor string quartet, while his octet, opus 3, added to his fame.
in the 1929 palestine riots, women took part in multiple protests and demonstrations which resulted in women being killed by the occupying british mandate forces.	in the 1929 palestine riots, women took part in multiple protests and demonstrations which resulted in women being killed by the british mandate forces.
wnct's newscasts are branded under the popular eyewitness news label.	wnct's newscasts are branded under the eyewitness news label.
frank rich (born june 2, 1949) is a liberal new york times columnist who writes on american politics and popular culture.	frank rich (born june 2, 1949) is a new york times columnist who writes on american politics and popular culture.
starting with desperate living (1977), waters began casting real-life convicted criminals (liz renay, patty hearst) and infamous people (traci lords, a former pornographic actress).	starting with desperate living (1977), waters began casting real-life convicted criminals (liz renay, patty hearst) and controversial people (traci lords, a former pornographic actress).
however, some episode guides do not list the two-hour movies as a season but confusingly list the subsequent seasons as the first through third.	however, some episode guides do not list the two-hour movies as a season but list the subsequent seasons as the first through third.
"john birt, the controversial director-general of the bbc from 1992 to 2000, was called a ""croak-voiced dalek"" by playwright dennis potter in august 1993. the daleks even appeared on a postage stamp celebrating british popular culture in 1999, photographed by lord snowdon."	"john birt, the director-general of the bbc from 1992 to 2000, was called a ""croak-voiced dalek"" by playwright dennis potter in august 1993. the daleks even appeared on a postage stamp celebrating british popular culture in 1999, photographed by lord snowdon."
founded in 1897, it now numbers over one million members and more than 300 chapters.	founded in 1897, phi kappa phi now numbers over one million members and more than 300 chapters.
computer operating systems will also need software patches downloaded and installed so they will have the proper new dst rules, or their internal clocks will be wrong for the excess dst weeks.	computer operating systems will also need software patches downloaded and installed so they will have the proper new dst rules, or their internal clocks will be wrong for the new dst weeks.
each gave their own vision of the tragic events in new york city on september 11, 2001, in a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds, and one frame.	each gave their own vision of the events in new york city on september 11, 2001, in a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds, and one frame.
the classes were taught by charles lhuillier, who had been, forty years earlier, a student of the remarkable french portrait-painter, ingres.	the classes were taught by charles lhuillier, who had been, forty years earlier, a student of the french portrait-painter, ingres.
on september 4, these gunboats were taken unawares and captured by enemy boarding parties from canoes and small boats.	on september 4, these gunboats were taken unawares and captured by british boarding parties from canoes and small boats.
rabbi yosef yitzchok's wife remained resident in her apartment on the second floor until her passing .	rabbi yosef yitzchok's wife remained resident in her apartment on the second floor until her death .
"james earl jones possibly provides the uncredited voice of darth vader; when specifically asked if he had supplied the voiceeither newly or from a previous recordingjones claims , ""you'd have to ask lucas about that."	"james earl jones possibly provides the uncredited voice of darth vader; when specifically asked if he had supplied the voiceeither newly or from a previous recordingjones answered , ""you'd have to ask lucas about that."
after the deaths of the men and following severe public disorder, the british government allowed political prisoners to retain their special category status.	after the deaths of the men and following severe public disorder, the british government allowed politically motivated prisoners to retain their special category status.
the world's great deserts have been formed by natural processes interacting over long intervals of time.	the world's most noted deserts have been formed by natural processes interacting over long intervals of time.
this move would be replicated in later anti-tom novels, such as uncle robin, in his cabin in virginia, and tom without one in boston (1853).	this move would be replicated in later novels, such as uncle robin, in his cabin in virginia, and tom without one in boston (1853).
she even thanks ari saying that not selling her medellin was one of the only nice things he had ever done for her.	she even thanks ari saying that not selling her medellin was one of the nice things he had ever done for her.
as a result of these policies, the co-operative was awarded a 'tier 2' standard by the 'business benchmark on farm animal welfare' for 2013. in this report the co-operative was commended for banning the prophylactic use of antibiotics or any other artificial substance for use in promoting abnormal animal growth in all own brand products; prophylactic antibiotic use is found in the majority of meat sold in europe but has been linked to the development of antibiotic resistant infections such as certain strains of e. coli.	as a result of these policies, the co-operative was awarded a 'tier 2' standard by the 'business benchmark on farm animal welfare' for 2013. in this report the co-operative was recognised for banning the prophylactic use of antibiotics or any other artificial substance for use in promoting abnormal animal growth in all own brand products; prophylactic antibiotic use is found in the majority of meat sold in europe but has been linked to the development of antibiotic resistant infections such as certain strains of e. coli.
it is often pointed out that esperanto is not completely neutral, as it is easier for speakers of some languages to learn than for others.	it is often pointed out that esperanto is not truly neutral, as it is easier for speakers of some languages to learn than for others.
there is damning evidence that the solicitor general's office was less than truthful with the supreme court about the bush administration's torture policies and neglect of international treaties.	there is evidence that the solicitor general's office was less than truthful with the supreme court about the bush administration's torture policies and neglect of international treaties.
the false belief that aids is a form of genocide is rooted in recent experiences of racism.	the belief that aids is a form of genocide is rooted in recent experiences of racism.
upon release, the film was met with overwhelmingly negative reviews and widely panned by critics.	upon release, the film was met with negative reviews and widely panned by critics.
kay hymowitz has stated that some self-identified mgtow express bitterness because they see women as hypergamous and manipulative.	kay hymowitz has stated that some self-identified mgtow express discontent because they see women as hypergamous and manipulative.
piers morgan railed on twitter about the ad, calling it pathetic, virtue-signalling and a direct consequence of radical feminists who are driving a war against masculinity.	piers morgan wrote on twitter about the ad, calling it pathetic, virtue-signalling and a direct consequence of radical feminists who are driving a war against masculinity.
a video clip of member jaewon dancing with hyoyeon, a member of popular girl group girls' generation, has also garnered a lot of attention.	a video clip of member jaewon dancing with hyoyeon, a member of girl group girls' generation, has also garnered a lot of attention.
"effectively defunct for nearly half a century, these laws returned to public notice in 2005 when changes were included in an anti-terrorism bill announced by neofascist prime minister howard prior to a ""counter-terrorism summit"" of the council of australian governments on 27 september."	"effectively defunct for nearly half a century, these laws returned to public notice in 2005 when changes were included in an anti-terrorism bill announced by prime minister howard prior to a ""counter-terrorism summit"" of the council of australian governments on 27 september."
the southern division covers orange county from its extravagant santa ana courthouse.	the southern division covers orange county from its santa ana courthouse.
"production and writing credits have included collaborations with grammy award winning producer narada michael walden, legendary buddha bar dj claude challe, martika's kitchen, and some of the world's greatest middle eastern vocalists, including algerian legend ""king of rai"" khaled, hakim, andy, rachid taha, and amina."	"production and writing credits have included collaborations with grammy award winning producer narada michael walden, buddha bar dj claude challe, martika's kitchen, and some of the world's greatest middle eastern vocalists, including algerian legend ""king of rai"" khaled, hakim, andy, rachid taha, and amina."
bulgaria's intention was to defeat serbs and greeks in order to occupy as more as possible areas before the great powers interference to stop the hostilities and after that to relocate enough forces against romania to discourage their interference.	bulgaria's intention was to defeat serbs and greeks in order to occupy as more as possible areas before the great powers interference to stop the hostilities and after that to relocate enough forces against romania to discourage its interference.
christina martin (born 1980), comedienne	christina martin (born 1980), comedian
it has a delicious fruity taste similar to jackfruit and pineapple.	it has a fruity taste similar to jackfruit and pineapple.
the organization fosters tolerance and understanding through community involvement, educational outreach and social action.	the organization aims to foster tolerance and understanding through community involvement, educational outreach and social action.
they can see far over the great plains of illinois and across lake michigan on a clear day.	they can see far over the plains of illinois and across lake michigan on a clear day.
william thomas stuart porterfield (born september 6, 1984) in county derry , northern ireland, is an irish cricketer.	william thomas stuart porterfield (born september 6, 1984) in county londonderry , northern ireland, is an irish cricketer.
the ship is completed by a mediterranean -style sail for better maneuvering.	the ship is completed by a latin -style sail for better maneuvering.
during the precipitous series of actions brigham young and lds church leaders initiated on learning of the eminent arrival of antagonistic u.s. troops into utah territory, smith left salt lake city to visit southern utah communities.	during the hurried series of actions brigham young and lds church leaders initiated on learning of the eminent arrival of antagonistic u.s. troops into utah territory, smith left salt lake city to visit southern utah communities.
"practical ethics includes a chapter arguing for radical redistribution of wealth to ameliorate absolute poverty (chapter 8, ""rich and poor""), and another making a case for resettlement of refugees on a large scale in industrialized countries (chapter 9, ""insiders and outsiders"")."	"practical ethics includes a chapter arguing for the redistribution of wealth to ameliorate absolute poverty (chapter 8, ""rich and poor""), and another making a case for resettlement of refugees on a large scale in industrialized countries (chapter 9, ""insiders and outsiders"")."
unfortunately , leyton's single lost out to a rival british version by ricky valance.	however , leyton's single lost out to a rival british version by ricky valance.
their first match ended with an excellent victory 53 against alumni de villa urquiza, and titin caricato became the first player that scored a goal for flandria.	their first match ended with an comfortable victory 53 against alumni de villa urquiza, and titin caricato became the first player that scored a goal for flandria.
vangelis did however become friends with yes' lead vocalist jon anderson, and later worked with him on many occasions, including as the duo jon & vangelis.	vangelis did however become friends with yes' lead vocalist jon anderson, and later worked with him on several occasions, including as the duo jon & vangelis.
"an english language idiom for wednesday is ""hump day"", a reference to making it through to the middle of the work week as getting ""over the hump"", as well as a clever double entendre."	"an english language idiom for wednesday is ""hump day"", a reference to making it through to the middle of the work week as getting ""over the hump"", as well as a possible double entendre."
the atmosphere fortunately absorbed most of the object's energy, with a total kinetic energy before atmospheric impact equivalent to approximately 440 kilotons of tnt 2030 times more energy than was released from the atomic bomb detonated at hiroshima.	the atmosphere absorbed most of the object's energy, with a total kinetic energy before atmospheric impact equivalent to approximately 440 kilotons of tnt 2030 times more energy than was released from the atomic bomb detonated at hiroshima.
the weekend before halloween saw hate-filled anti-black, anti-gay and anti-semitic messages left by vandals on the school's walls, but students rallied to denounce the incidents.	the weekend before halloween saw anti-black, anti-gay and anti-semitic messages left by vandals on the school's walls, but students rallied to denounce the incidents.
"chantal, 35, 5'2"", 250 pounds, comedienne : a student who resides in brookline, massachusetts."	"chantal, 35, 5'2"", 250 pounds, comedian : a student who resides in brookline, massachusetts."
this is a collection of roman catholic individuals who are reported to have had the stunning ability to rise into the air in spite of their weight.	this is a collection of roman catholic individuals who are reported to have had the ability to rise into the air in spite of their weight.
a tu-95ms being escorted away by a usaf f-15	a tu-95ms being escorted by a usaf f-15
there is great gay scene in budapest, and in the rest of the country.	there is an active gay scene in budapest, and in the rest of the country.
since then north korea has continued to support the palestinian cause and has strongly condemned every israeli aggression in the region.	since then north korea has continued to support the palestinian cause and has strongly condemned every israeli action in the region.
elephants could be trained to execute prisoners in a variety of ways, prolonging the agony by subjecting captives to a slow death by torture, or killing the victim quickly by stepping on his or her head.	elephants could be trained to execute prisoners in a variety of ways, prolonging the agony by subjecting captives to a slow death by torture, or killing the condemned quickly by stepping on his or her head.
he is famous for his role in urdu drama series and telefilms in pakistan.	he is notable for his role in urdu drama series and telefilms in pakistan.
for example, in a january 2005 documentary aired by cbc exploring the conservative bias in the u.s. media, fox news and bill o'reilly were singled out for their ultra- conservative stance, from 9/11 to the 2003 war in iraq.	for example, in a january 2005 documentary aired by cbc exploring the conservative bias in the u.s. media, fox news and bill o'reilly were singled out for their conservative stance, from 9/11 to the 2003 war in iraq.
the literacy rate is amazing , the average living standard is better, and the population---along with construction and development---is increasing rapidly.	the literacy rate is high , the average living standard is better, and the population---along with construction and development---is increasing rapidly.
talented with both sword and magic, he was the former commander of the sacred order of holy knights during the holy war that was fought between mankind and the gears, man-made bio-organic weapons.	talented with both sword and magic, he was the former commander of the sacred order of holy knights during the holy war that was fought between humankind and the gears, man-made bio-organic weapons.
unfortunately , due to the equipment costs and various circumstances, the cathode-ray tube amusement device was never released to the marketplace.	however , due to the equipment costs and various circumstances, the cathode-ray tube amusement device was never released to the marketplace.
sncc moved in an increasingly militant direction and worked with malcolm x on two harlem mfdp fundraisers in december 1964. when fannie lou hamer spoke to harlemites about the jim crow violence that she'd suffered in mississippi, she linked it directly to the northern police brutality against blacks that malcolm protested against; when malcolm asserted that african-americans should emulate the mau mau army of kenya in efforts to gain their freedom , many in sncc applauded.	sncc moved in an increasingly militant direction and worked with malcolm x on two harlem mfdp fundraisers in december 1964. when fannie lou hamer spoke to harlemites about the jim crow violence that she'd suffered in mississippi, she linked it directly to the northern police brutality against blacks that malcolm protested against; when malcolm asserted that african-americans should emulate the mau mau army of kenya in efforts to gain their independence , many in sncc applauded.
"(p.85) note that bill runs above did not mention the lyrics of the songs, and while they are no doubt important, most lyrics of most songs employ vocables, meaningless syllable sounds such as ""ya"", ""hey"", and ""loi"" (p.86)."	"(p.85) note that bill runs above did not mention the lyrics of the songs, and while they are no doubt important, most lyrics of most songs employ vocables, syllable sounds such as ""ya"", ""hey"", and ""loi"" (p.86)."
those most often referred to as marmots tend to live in mountainous areas such as the alps, northern apennines, carpathians, tatra, and pyrenees in europe, the rockies, the black hills and the sierra nevada in the united states, northern canada, deosai plateau in pakistan and ladakh in indian occupied kashmir.	those most often referred to as marmots tend to live in mountainous areas such as the alps, northern apennines, carpathians, tatra, and pyrenees in europe, the rockies, the black hills and the sierra nevada in the united states, northern canada, deosai plateau in pakistan and ladakh in indian administered kashmir.
"in 1988, keith jarrett performed a beautiful version of freeman's ""the wind"" in a solo concert in paris, which is featured on his album paris concert."	"in 1988, keith jarrett performed a version of freeman's ""the wind"" in a solo concert in paris, which is featured on his album paris concert."
the road to legend is a new expansion for the descent game, slated for release in fall 2007. it offers new campaign rules and exciting new world stories.	the road to legend is a new expansion for the descent game, slated for release in fall 2007. it offers new campaign rules and new world stories.
"killing of 5,000 jews in kaunas by lithuanian nationalists in june 1941. the german waffen-ss urged anti-communist partisan leader klimaitis to attack the jews to show that ""the liberated population had resorted to the most severe measures against the ... jewish enemy."""	"killing of 5,000 jews in kaunas by lithuanian nazi collaborators in june 1941. the german waffen-ss urged anti-communist partisan leader klimaitis to attack the jews to show that ""the liberated population had resorted to the most severe measures against the ... jewish enemy."""
the lush menomonee river valley of the wauwatosa area provided a key overland gateway between the rich glacial farmland of southeastern wisconsin and the port of milwaukee.	the lush menomonee valley of the wauwatosa area provided a key overland gateway between the rich glacial farmland of southeastern wisconsin and the port of milwaukee.
there are no additives and no unhealthy trans fats used.	there are no additives and no trans fats used.
for example did zubair aided ali in the shed of bani saad, then whent to war with him in the battle of bassorah, and ultimatly left that battle.	for example zubair aided ali in the shed of bani saad, then whent to war with him in the battle of bassorah, and ultimatly left that battle.
the indian spiritual teacher meher baba referred to him as being tantric and using tantra for his reputed miracles.	the indian spiritual teacher meher baba referred to him as being tantric and using tantra for his miracles.
usmah bin muhammad bin `awad bin ldin (born march 10, 1957; ), commonly known as osama bin laden, or usama bin laden, , is the founder of the terrorist organization al-qaeda.	usmah bin muhammad bin `awad bin ldin (born march 10, 1957; ), commonly known as osama bin laden, or usama bin laden, , is the founder of the militant organization al-qaeda.
she is dedicated to eliminating the inequalities that currently exist based on a person's status in the society based on wealth and access to political power.	she is dedicated to eliminating the inequalities that allegedly exist based on a person's status in the society based on wealth and access to political power.
"on december 13, 2004, rodrigo granda, a member (the ""foreign minister"") of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (fuerzas armadas revolucionarias de colombia, or ""farc""), was kidnapped by mercenaries in caracas, venezuela, and taken to ccuta, colombia (a departmental capital on the two nations' common border), where he was arrested by the colombian authorities on december 14."	"on december 13, 2004, rodrigo granda, a member (the ""foreign minister"") of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia (fuerzas armadas revolucionarias de colombia, or ""farc""), was kidnapped by individual venezuelan officials in caracas, venezuela, and taken to ccuta, colombia (a departmental capital on the two nations' common border), where he was arrested by the colombian authorities on december 14."
for comparison, the u.s. navy recently sank the aircraft carrier uss oriskany amid environmental controversy , ostensibly for reef creation, and uss america to test weapons.	for comparison, the u.s. navy recently sank the aircraft carrier uss oriskany amid environmental controversy , for reef creation, and uss america to test weapons.
the p-32 is believed to have been designed almost entirely by george kelgren, the innovative swedish firearms designer associated with the husqvarna, intratec, and grendel brands of firearms.	the p-32 is believed to have been designed almost entirely by george kelgren, the swedish firearms designer associated with the husqvarna, intratec, and grendel brands of firearms.
muhammad murders and enslaves helpless banu qurayza captives	muhammad murders and enslaves banu qurayza captives
they also both died tragically young.	they also both died very young.
she does note , however, that defensiveness and discomfort from white people in response to being confronted with racial issues is not irrational but rather is often driven by subconscious, sometimes even well-meaning, attitudes toward racism.	she does say , however, that defensiveness and discomfort from white people in response to being confronted with racial issues is not irrational but rather is often driven by subconscious, sometimes even well-meaning, attitudes toward racism.
it is best understood in comparison to the mainstream philosophy of mathematics where infinite mathematical objects (e.g., infinite sets) are accepted as legitimate.	it is best understood in comparison to the philosophy of mathematics where infinite mathematical objects (e.g., infinite sets) are accepted as legitimate.
but diamonds & rust also contained a number of her own compositions, including the acclaimed title track, a haunting song written about bob dylan.	but diamonds & rust also contained a number of her own compositions, including the acclaimed title track, a distinctive song written about bob dylan.
(however, reporting a p-value is more useful than simply saying that the results were or were not significant at a given level, and allows the reader to decide for himself whether to consider the results significant.)	(however, reporting a p-value is more useful than simply saying that the results were or were not significant at a given level, and allows the reader to decide for themselves whether to consider the results significant.)
robert e. lee was its influential president after the civil war until his death in 1870, after which the school was renamed washington and lee university.	robert e. lee was its president after the civil war until his death in 1870, after which the school was renamed washington and lee university.
kaoru abe (may 3, 1949 - september 9, 1978) was a unique japanese free jazz alto saxophonist, who generally played solo.	kaoru abe ( may 3 , 1949 - september 9 , 1978 ) was a japanese free jazz alto saxophonist, who generally played solo.
ototoxicity (hearing loss): unfortunately there is at present no effective treatment to prevent this side effect, which may be severe.	ototoxicity (hearing loss): there is at present no effective treatment to prevent this side effect, which may be severe.
though he is seen by many as a hero, opponents of guevara, including cuban exiles, think of him as a killer and terrorist.	though he is seen by some as a hero, opponents of guevara, including cuban exiles, think of him as a killer and terrorist.
blaise agera y arcas (born 1975) is a dynamic software architect, designer, and imagery authority at google.	blaise agera y arcas (born 1975) is a software architect, designer, and imagery authority at google.
bishop and husband james anderson were key suspects in a 1993 letter bomb case.	bishop and husband james anderson were suspects in a 1993 letter bomb case.
in 1987, she testified in the case of the cruel nazi klaus barbie.	in 1987, she testified in the case of the nazi klaus barbie.
in 2004 he was forced to retire after ironically being diagnosed with als.	in 2004 he was forced to retire after being diagnosed with als.
dangers of high fructose corn syrup	health effects of high fructose corn syrup
the senate bill was heavily criticized by new york governor david paterson and new york city mayor michael bloomberg, who warned that it would force new york city to close 100 health clinics, would create a $1 billion hole in new york state's budget, and threaten the existence of struggling hospitals, nursing homes and other facilities.	the senate bill was heavily criticized by new york governor david paterson and new york city mayor michael bloomberg, who claimed that it would force new york city to close 100 health clinics, would create a $1 billion hole in new york state's budget, and threaten the existence of struggling hospitals, nursing homes and other facilities.
religious freedom watch: scientologist-run web site attacking critics of scientology by exposing them	religious freedom watch: scientologist-run web site attacking critics of scientology by publishing damaging information about them
on october 6, 2000, after a long battle with metastatic prostate cancer, farnsworth committed suicide by shooting himself at his ranch.	on october 6, 2000, after a long illness with metastatic prostate cancer, farnsworth committed suicide by shooting himself at his ranch.
jean-luc ponty (born 29 september 1942, avranches, france) is a french virtuoso violinist and jazz composer.	jean-luc ponty (born 29 september 1942, avranches, france) is a french violinist and jazz composer.
when in rome 2007 is a live dvd by british rock band genesis recorded at circus maximus, rome, italy, on 14 july 2007, during the successful turn it on again tour.	when in rome 2007 is a live dvd by british rock band genesis recorded at circus maximus, rome, italy, on 14 july 2007, during the turn it on again tour.
in total, the idf claims that 80 terrorists were killed in the battles at bint jbeil.	in total, the idf claims that 80 fighters were killed in the battles at bint jbeil.
currently under south korean control , the islets are also claimed by japan.	currently under south korean administration , the islets are also claimed by japan.
"considered one of the central figures in the history of the french women's rights movement, hubertine auclert continued her activism until her passing in 1914 at age 65. she is interred in the pre lachaise cemetery in paris; the sculpture on her tomb commemorates the ""suffrage des femmes."""	"considered one of the central figures in the history of the french women's rights movement, hubertine auclert continued her activism until her death in 1914 at age 65. she is interred in the pre lachaise cemetery in paris; the sculpture on her tomb commemorates the ""suffrage des femmes."""
free republic is a racist internet forum, activist and chat site for self-described conservatives and nationalists, primarily within the united states.	free republic is a moderated internet forum, activist and chat site for self-described conservatives and nationalists, primarily within the united states.
darryl norman johnson (born 1938) is a retired american statesman and career foreign service officer who held many positions in american government around the world.	darryl norman johnson (born 1938) is a retired american politician and career foreign service officer who held many positions in american government around the world.
franz wilhelm seidler (2 march 1933 in wigstadt, moravian silesia) is a distinguished german historian and a professor emeritus of modern history at the bundeswehr university of munich.	franz wilhelm seidler (2 march 1933 in wigstadt, moravian silesia) is a german historian and a professor emeritus of modern history at the bundeswehr university of munich.
{{incumbent succession box|title= chairman of the african union|	{{incumbent succession box|title= chairperson of the african union|
the germans instead used clever streamlining and positioning of traditional radiators.	the germans instead used streamlining and positioning of traditional radiators.
"unfortunately , his goal was scored into his own net, thereby scoring an ""own goal""."	"however , his goal was scored into his own net, thereby scoring an ""own goal""."
"(this continues to be used in the case of the sanfl; the now sadly defunct tasmanian football league was briefly styled the ""tanfl"" from the late 1970s to the mid 1980s)."	"(this continues to be used in the case of the sanfl; the now defunct tasmanian football league was briefly styled the ""tanfl"" from the late 1970s to the mid 1980s)."
video games generally have a reward systemsuch as a scorethat is based on accomplishment of tasks set within the game.	video games may have a reward systemsuch as a scorethat is based on accomplishment of tasks set within the game.
missippi (now a member of eu, see below): neutral country since 1955, maintain external independence and inviolability of borders (expressly modelled on the swiss neutrality).	mississippi (now a member of eu, see below): neutral country since 1955, maintain external independence and inviolability of borders (expressly modelled on the swiss neutrality).
some observers, particularly political conservatives in the united states, have accused communist china of being a leading producer of heroin, but the facts do not appear to back up these claims.	some observers, particularly political conservatives in the united states, have accused people's republic of china of being a leading producer of heroin, but the facts do not appear to back up these claims.
the invasion has had wide-reaching consequences: increased civil violence, political breakdown, the removal and execution of former dictator saddam hussein, and national problems in the development of political balance, economy, infrastructure, and use of the country's huge reserves of oil.	the invasion has had wide-reaching consequences: increased civil violence, political breakdown, the removal and execution of former authoritarian president saddam hussein, and national problems in the development of political balance, economy, infrastructure, and use of the country's huge reserves of oil.
however sutil's car was too badly damaged to finish the race, robbing sutil of a forth place finish, and force india's first points of the season.	however sutil's car was too badly damaged to finish the race, depriving sutil of a forth place finish, and force india's first points of the season.
beth jacob jerusalem (, seminar bais yaakov lemorot), also known as machon sarah schneirer, commonly referred to as bjj, is a prestigious haredi religious girls seminary located in the unsdorf neighborhood of jerusalem, israel.	beth jacob jerusalem (, seminar bais yaakov lemorot), also known as machon sarah schneirer, commonly referred to as bjj, is a haredi religious girls seminary located in the unsdorf neighborhood of jerusalem, israel.
italy, with berlusconi in office, became a substantial ally to the united states of america in 2003 as berlusconi supported the american/british-led iraq war to oust the regime of saddam hussein, in spite of the opposition of a very large part of the public opinion.	italy, with berlusconi in office, became a substantial ally to the united states of america in 2003 as berlusconi supported the american/british-led iraq war to oust the regime of saddam hussein, in spite of the opposition of a large part of the public opinion.
critics of rubin have blasted her portrayal of the protest movement as inaccurate, noting that the large number of jews affiliated with the movement, the confrontations between ows protestors and antisemites, and the financial ties between the emergency committee for israel and wall street firms.	critics of rubin have described her portrayal of the protest movement as inaccurate, noting that the large number of jews affiliated with the movement, the confrontations between ows protestors and antisemites, and the financial ties between the emergency committee for israel and wall street firms.
"dating back, a girl-friday may have been expected to perform certain ""duties"" that would be considered improper in today's litigious workplace, such as picking up personal laundry or dry cleaning, washing a car, or banking."	"dating back, a girl-friday may have been expected to perform certain ""duties"" that would be considered improper in today's workplace, such as picking up personal laundry or dry cleaning, washing a car, or banking."
the fanbase within newcastle like to buy the daily paper, the evening chronicle to read what the notorious journalist alan oliver has to say about the club.	the fanbase within newcastle like to buy the daily paper, the evening chronicle to read what the controversial journalist alan oliver has to say about the club.
muriel box (22 september 1905 18 may 1991) was an oscar-winning english screenwriter and director.	muriel box (22 september 1905 18 may 1991) was an english screenwriter and director.
a case can be made that marxism explains many phenomena identified within societies, but the politics of the world has changed and marxism is no longer the major social movement for liberation from oppression that it used to be, so it is argued that marxism's conceptual apparatus has become less relevant.	a case can be made that marxism provides a good explanation many phenomena identified within societies, but the politics of the world has changed and marxism is no longer the major social movement for liberation from oppression that it used to be, so it is argued that marxism's conceptual apparatus has become less relevant.
he graduated farragut high school in 1964 and then went on to columbia college chicago while working as a desk clerk at the famed palmer house hotel.	he graduated farragut high school in 1964 and then went on to columbia college chicago while working as a desk clerk at the palmer house hotel.
as of june 2008, its independence is recognised by 43 countries, including the usa, france and the united kingdom, and opposed by others, including the people's republic of china, india, russia and the republic of serbia, which continues to recognize kosovo (as the autonomous province of kosovo and metohija, ) as an integral part of serbia and support its territorial integrity according to the principles of the international law.	as of june 2008, its independence is recognised by 43 countries, including the usa, france and the united kingdom, and opposed by others, including the people's republic of china, india, russia and the republic of serbia, which continues to recognize kosovo (as the autonomous province of kosovo and metohija, ) as an integral part of serbia and support its territorial integrity according to the principles of its interpretation international law.
it will also be remembered for its notorious 5 to 4 decision in (gore v. bush) in 2000. the court also narrowed the right of labor unions to picket (lechmere inc. v. nlrb), altered the roe v. wade framework for assessing abortion regulations (planned parenthood v. casey) (a framework later used to regulate partial-birth abortion in stenberg v. carhart and gonzales v. carhart), and gave sweeping meaning to erisa pre-emption (shaw v. delta air lines, inc.; egelhoff v. egelhoff), thereby denying plaintiffs access to state court with the consequence of limiting compensation for torts like harm to medical patients covered by employer plans to very circumscribed remedies (aetna health inc. v. davila; cigna healthcare of texas inc. v. calad).	it will also be remembered for its controversial 5 to 4 decision in (gore v. bush) in 2000. the court also narrowed the right of labor unions to picket (lechmere inc. v. nlrb), altered the roe v. wade framework for assessing abortion regulations (planned parenthood v. casey) (a framework later used to regulate partial-birth abortion in stenberg v. carhart and gonzales v. carhart), and gave sweeping meaning to erisa pre-emption (shaw v. delta air lines, inc.; egelhoff v. egelhoff), thereby denying plaintiffs access to state court with the consequence of limiting compensation for torts like harm to medical patients covered by employer plans to very circumscribed remedies (aetna health inc. v. davila; cigna healthcare of texas inc. v. calad).
his greatest successes were in sport cars, winner of the 1952 targa florio, but tragically his career and life were cut short when he fatally crashed into a lamp post in the 1953 carrera panamericana whilst leading.	his greatest successes were in sport cars, winner of the 1952 targa florio, but his career and life were cut short when he fatally crashed into a lamp post in the 1953 carrera panamericana whilst leading.
"his unsuccessful debut album you can't see me features his current entrance theme ""my time is now""."	"his debut album you can't see me features his current entrance theme ""my time is now""."
chicago radio superstation wls, which gave the song much airplay, ranked the song as the 62nd biggest hit of 1977. it reached as high as number 5 on their weekly singles survey.	chicago radio station wls, which gave the song much airplay, ranked the song as the 62nd biggest hit of 1977. it reached as high as number 5 on their weekly singles survey.
lovell harrison rousseau (august 4, 1818 – january 7, 1869) was a general in the united states and union armies during the american civil war and a successful lawyer and politician in both kentucky and indiana.	lovell harrison rousseau (august 4, 1818 – january 7, 1869) was a general in the united states and union armies during the american civil war and a lawyer and politician in both kentucky and indiana.
anwar sadat's main concern was the territory of sinia to be re-appropriated to egypt from israel.	anwar sadat's main concern was the territory of sinia to be returned to egypt from israel.
in december 2013, it was revealed by the cast, via twitter, that teen mom 3 had been canceled after only one season.	in december 2013, it was revealed by the cast, via twitter, that teen mom 3 had been canceled after one season.
"iman mohamed abdulmajid (born july 25, 1955), professionally known as iman (which means ""faith"" in arabic), is a somali-american supermodel , actress and entrepreneur."	"iman mohamed abdulmajid (born july 25, 1955), professionally known as iman (which means ""faith"" in arabic), is a somali-american model , actress and entrepreneur."
the documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, during the 2004 us presidential campaign, but had not been properly authenticated by cbs and were subsequently characterized by several experts as likely forgeries.	the documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, during the 2004 us presidential campaign, but had not been properly authenticated by cbs and were subsequently characterized by several critics as likely forgeries.
as a result of the release, mr. nuts became a minor internet sensation on election day as his story was picked up by newspapers, television and radio stations while comedienne julie klausner asked her followers to use #mrnuts in all their political messages on twitter.	as a result of the release, mr. nuts became a minor internet sensation on election day as his story was picked up by newspapers, television and radio stations while comedian julie klausner asked her followers to use #mrnuts in all their political messages on twitter.
patent troll, a derogatory phrase describing an individual or company with a patent portfolio containing important patents, which it never intended to commercialize	patent troll, a derogatory phrase describing an individual or company with a patent portfolio containing patents, which it never intended to commercialize
's then second biggest hit on the uk singles charts, peaking at #11. it managed a respectable peak of #28 on the billboard hot 100. the song did hit #1 on the modern rock tracks and #2 on the mainstream rock tracks.	's then second biggest hit on the uk singles charts, peaking at #11. it managed a peak of #28 on the billboard hot 100. the song did hit #1 on the modern rock tracks and #2 on the mainstream rock tracks.
hundreds of paid gop crusaders descended upon south florida to protest the state's recounts, with at least half a dozen of the demonstrators at miami-dade paid by george w. bush's recount committee.	hundreds of paid gop operatives descended upon south florida to protest the state's recounts, with at least half a dozen of the demonstrators at miami-dade paid by george w. bush's recount committee.
abbas zaryab (august 13, 1919 february 3, 1995) was a distinguished historian, translator, literature professor and iranologist.	abbas zaryab (august 13, 1919 february 3, 1995) was a historian, translator, literature professor and iranologist.
several scholars have subsequently offered detailed responses showing that no plagiarism occurred.	several scholars have subsequently offered detailed responses arguing that no plagiarism occurred.
during his first four years, pea nieto led an expansive breakup of monopolies, liberalized mexico's energy sector, reformed public education, and modernized the country's financial regulation.	during his first four years, pea nieto led an expansive breakup of monopolies, liberalized mexico's energy sector, reformed public education, and altered the country's financial regulation.
thamizhlinux.org - a community website for everything linux and open source in tamil	thamizhlinux.org - a community website for linux and open source in tamil
it is correctly used to mean the nation of the believers (ummah al-muhmini) in islam, thus the whole muslim world.	it is used to mean the nation of the believers (ummah al-muhmini) in islam, thus the whole muslim world.
on march 11 1978, the palestine liberation organization carried out a massive terrorist attack in israel - a busload of civilians was massacred totalling 37 dead.	on march 11 1978, the palestine liberation organization carried out a terrorist attack in israel - a busload of civilians was massacred totalling 37 dead.
the town was occupied on june 25, 1944 by the 1st baltic front.	the town was recaptured on june 25, 1944 by the 1st baltic front.
"ordinance xx is an ordinance of the government of pakistan that was promulgated under the dictatorial regime of general zia-ul-haq and is meant to prevent ""anti-islamic activities""."	"ordinance xx is an ordinance of the government of pakistan that was promulgated under the regime of general zia-ul-haq and is meant to prevent ""anti-islamic activities""."
thus, vietnam was identified by the united states as a pawn in the intensifying cold war tension between the soviet union and the united states.	thus, vietnam was identified by the united states as a participant in the intensifying cold war tension between the soviet union and the united states.
after placing in several iditarods, butcher was forced to withdraw early in the 1985 when two of her dogs were killed by a pregnant moose, despite butcher's brave attempts to ward the animal off, and six others were severely injured.	after placing in several iditarods, butcher was forced to withdraw early in the 1985 when two of her dogs were killed by a pregnant moose, despite butcher's attempts to ward the animal off, and six others were severely injured.
conscription can be viewed as a form of government terrorism, since it is a military attack upon a civilian population with the intent of influencing that population's support for the government.	conscription can be viewed as a form of government terrorism, since it is a military use of force upon a civilian population with the intent of influencing that population's support for the government.
ekrixinatosaurus novasi is a large abelisaurid with a relatively large head and robust limbs, the only known specimen being between in length, some suggested that this specimen actually represented the largest abelisaurid yet known at in length, comfortably surpassing the type of carnotaurus, however, it was later noted by other researchers that this estimate was based only on the absolute size of the skull, ignoring that limb bone comparisons clearly show carnotaurus was larger, thus carnotaurus was larger than ekrixinatosaurus but with a proportionally smaller head.	ekrixinatosaurus novasi is a large abelisaurid with a relatively large head and robust limbs, the only known specimen being between in length, some suggested that this specimen actually represented the largest abelisaurid yet known at in length, surpassing the type of carnotaurus, however, it was later noted by other researchers that this estimate was based only on the absolute size of the skull, ignoring that limb bone comparisons clearly show carnotaurus was larger, thus carnotaurus was larger than ekrixinatosaurus but with a proportionally smaller head.
the anti-war site iraq body count has released a detailed analysis examining the flaws in this study, focusing particularly on the sampling methodology.	the site iraq body count has released a detailed analysis examining the flaws in this study, focusing particularly on the sampling methodology.
queen mary ii was said to be much distressed by her passing .	queen mary ii was said to be much distressed by her death .
in the 21st century, questions have been raised about the future of the county championship in the light of the shaky financial structure of many counties, poor attendances and the irresistible rise of twenty20 cricket.	in the 21st century, questions have been raised about the future of the county championship in the light of the shaky financial structure of many counties, poor attendances and the rise of twenty20 cricket.
to achieve its vision, ipn undertakes the following activities:	to achieve its vision, ipn claims to undertake the following activities:
it is known for its breathtaking scenery and beautiful waterfalls, and is a popular tourist destination.	it is known for its scenery and beautiful waterfalls, and is a popular tourist destination.
hitchcock and burks collaborated on ingenious double printing technique to create this iconic shot still studied in film schools today.	hitchcock and burks collaborated on a double printing technique to create this iconic shot still studied in film schools today.
it is home to a diverse cultural mix including afro-caribbean, indian, pakistani, irish and english, and the home of the balti triangle, a fantastic collection of asian restaurants and sweet centres.	it is home to a diverse cultural mix including afro-caribbean, indian, pakistani, irish and english, and the home of the balti triangle, a collection of asian restaurants and sweet centres.
georgia byng is a talented british author.	georgia byng is a british author.
this is in direct response to what l. r. conradi and others incorrectly presented to the members and distinct from the official seventh-day adventist church position which is one of non-combatancy, though in practice seventh-day adventist members have served in combatant roles in the military services.	this is in direct response to what l. r. conradi and others presented to the members and distinct from the official seventh-day adventist church position which is one of non-combatancy, though in practice seventh-day adventist members have served in combatant roles in the military services.
"motorola released a series of motherboards for making ""out of the box"" systems based on the 88000, known as the mvme series, as well as the interesting series 900 stackable computers."	"motorola released a series of motherboards for making ""out of the box"" systems based on the 88000, known as the mvme series, as well as the series 900 stackable computers."
michael d. young, writer for the wiley international institute for conflict prevention & resolution, researched the case of joe franciss jailing in florida and offered a full chronology of events, and determined that the reach of the judge's rulings about the mediation raises many questions .	michael d. young, writer for the wiley international institute for conflict prevention & resolution, researched the case of joe franciss jailing in florida and offered a full chronology of events, and asserted that the reach of the judge's rulings about the mediation raises many questions .
some historians speculate that the icon was meant to syncretically represent both the virgin mary and the indigenous mexican goddess tonantzin, providing a way for 16th century spaniards to gain converts among the indigenous population of early mexico.	some historians consider that the icon was meant to syncretically represent both the virgin mary and the indigenous mexican goddess tonantzin, providing a way for 16th century spaniards to gain converts among the indigenous population of early mexico.
the place was at the time a part of the short-lived independent state of croatia, or ndh, a fascist puppet-state created after nazi germany and fascist italy invaded and dismembered the kingdom of yugoslavia in 1941. mladi's father, a bosnian serb communist partisan, was killed in 1945 while leading a partisan attack on the home village of ante paveli.	the place was at the time a part of the short-lived independent state of croatia, or ndh, a fascist puppet-state created after nazi germany and fascist italy invaded and partitioned the kingdom of yugoslavia in 1941. mladi's father, a bosnian serb communist partisan, was killed in 1945 while leading a partisan attack on the home village of ante paveli.
she was the first to inform zndel that the nazi genocide of the jews was untrue; he proposed series of taped interviews (conducted in november of 1978) and published a new illustrated edition of the lightning and the sun in 1979. a number of neo-nazi pilgrims traveled to meet her, among them was christian bouchet.	she was the first to claim to zndel that the nazi genocide of the jews was untrue; he proposed series of taped interviews (conducted in november of 1978) and published a new illustrated edition of the lightning and the sun in 1979. a number of neo-nazi pilgrims traveled to meet her, among them was christian bouchet.
the largest ships of the era could travel five to six knots using oar power and a hasty ten knots under sail.	the largest ships of the era could travel five to six knots using oar power and a up to ten knots under sail.
in 1973, the maysles brothers accompanied lee radziwill on a visit to the edies, and david maysles decided that the women would make better subjects for a film than the ex- first lady's childhood friends.	in 1973, the maysles brothers accompanied lee radziwill on a visit to the edies, and david maysles decided that the women would make better subjects for a film than the former first lady's childhood friends.
due to the muslim violence the united kingdom gradually started to backtrack from the original idea of a jewish state and to speculate on a binational solution or an arab state that would have a jewish minority.	due to the increasing violence the united kingdom gradually started to backtrack from the original idea of a jewish state and to speculate on a binational solution or an arab state that would have a jewish minority.
there are currently two resident evil films, with two others in development, written by douchebag paul w. s. anderson.	there are currently two resident evil films, with two others in development, written by paul w. s. anderson.
in fact, in 2005 historian manning marable revealed that haley worked with the fbi while writing the book with malcolm x. he also talked about the existence of three unpublished chapters of the book.	in fact, in 2005 historian manning marable claimed that haley worked with the fbi while writing the book with malcolm x. he also talked about the existence of three unpublished chapters of the book.
"they published seven articles in peer-reviewed journals in the years 19711979. aside from ""prospect theory,"" the most important of these articles was ""judgment under uncertainty: heuristics and biases"" (tversky & kahneman, 1974), which was published in the prestigious journal science and introduced the notion of anchoring."	"they published seven articles in peer-reviewed journals in the years 19711979. aside from ""prospect theory,"" the most important of these articles was ""judgment under uncertainty: heuristics and biases"" (tversky & kahneman, 1974), which was published in the well-known journal science and introduced the notion of anchoring."
richard kyanka (born may 11, 1976), better known by his nickname lowtax, is an internet personality, and owner and operator of the venerable humor website something awful.	richard kyanka (born may 11, 1976), better known by his nickname lowtax, is an internet personality, and owner and operator of the humor website something awful.
he attended high school in cheyenne, wyoming and college at the university of colorado at boulder, an institution he chose for its beautiful location beneath the flatirons and, according to fellow climber john sherman, its beautiful coeds .	he attended high school in cheyenne, wyoming and college at the university of colorado at boulder, an institution he chose for its beautiful location beneath the flatirons and, according to fellow climber john sherman, its beautiful female students .
notable schools in edinburgh include the royal high school, (a state run school) considered to be the oldest in scotland, and donaldson's college, for deaf students.	schools in edinburgh include the royal high school, (a state run school) considered to be the oldest in scotland, and donaldson's college, for deaf students.
"the red brigades (brigate rosse in italian, often abbreviated as the br) were a marxist-leninist terrorist group based in italy and responsible for: assassinations, kneecappings, robberies and general political violence during the ""years of lead""."	"the red brigades (brigate rosse in italian, often abbreviated as the br) were a marxist-leninist guerrilla group based in italy and responsible for: assassinations, kneecappings, robberies and general political violence during the ""years of lead""."
the single reached number one in the singles chart in norway and 4 in sweden.	the single reached number one in the singles chart in norway and four in sweden.
according to the associated press, wikipedia co- founder	according to the associated press, wikipedia founder
two seals next to him were injured by the blast but were able to walk away due to monsoor's heroic action.	two seals next to him were injured by the blast but were able to walk away due to monsoor's action.
in 1948 he was condemned to 10 years service in a labour camp.	in 1948 he was sentenced to 10 years service in a labour camp.
buford smith was pastor of tookland pentecostal church in grundy until his passing in may 2003. his son, michael smith, was president of the station until buford smith's death, when he became president and ceo of living faith television.	buford smith was pastor of tookland pentecostal church in grundy until his death in may 2003. his son, michael smith, was president of the station until buford smith's death, when he became president and ceo of living faith television.
this whitepaper, published by computerworld, was somewhat explicit in its reference to essbase features, and when it was later discovered that codd had been sponsored by arbor software, computerworld controversially withdrew the paper.	this whitepaper, published by computerworld, was somewhat explicit in its reference to essbase features, and when it was later discovered that codd had been sponsored by arbor software, computerworld withdrew the paper.
proponents of the ogopogo's existence claim that the first documented sightings of the animal date back to around 1872, and occurred as the area was being colonized by european settlers.	proponents of the ogopogo's existence claim that the first documented sightings of the creature date back to around 1872, and occurred as the area was being colonized by european settlers.
union leaders and many members of the public protested in 2003, when the management fired reporter eesha williams during a campaign to form a union at the reformer.	union leaders and members of the public protested in 2003, when the management fired reporter eesha williams during a campaign to form a union at the reformer.
the organisation quickly expanded its mission to provide accurate information about all aspects of health related to the foreskin, penis, and human genitals.	the organisation quickly expanded its mission to provide information about all aspects of health related to the foreskin, penis, and human genitals.
in order to settle an insider trading lawsuit arising from ellison's dumping nearly $1 billion of oracle stock, he was allowed to donate $100 million to his own charitable foundation without admitting wrongdoing.	in order to settle an insider trading lawsuit arising from ellison's selling nearly $1 billion of oracle stock, he was allowed to donate $100 million to his own charitable foundation without admitting wrongdoing.
most of the major british political parties today accept the anti- trade union legislation, privatisations and general free market approach to government that thatcher's governments installed.	most of the major british political parties today accept the trade union legislation, privatisations and general free market approach to government that thatcher's governments installed.
it became the subject of a sustained and surprisingly vitriolic campaign against it.	it became the subject of a sustained and vitriolic campaign against it.
"the movie ended up being one of both bacall and peck's more successful films both critically and commercially, with bosley crowther of the new york times comparing the leading couple with katharine hepburn and spencer tracy and proclaiming , ""(the film) obviously endeavors to generate the same kind of verve and general sardonic humor as flowed from that older comedy team."	"the movie ended up being one of both bacall and peck's more successful films both critically and commercially, with bosley crowther of the new york times comparing the leading couple with katharine hepburn and spencer tracy and stating , ""(the film) obviously endeavors to generate the same kind of verve and general sardonic humor as flowed from that older comedy team."
the boys of summer, a non-fiction classic book by roger kahn	the boys of summer, a non-fiction baseball book by roger kahn
he began teaching there in september 2007. he was an associate professor of anthropology at yale university, although yale controversially declined to rehire him, and his term there ended in june 2007. graeber has a history of social and political activism, including his role in protests against the world economic forum in new york city (2002) and membership in the radical labor union industrial workers of the world.	he began teaching there in september 2007. he was an associate professor of anthropology at yale university, although yale controversially declined to rehire him, and his term there ended in june 2007. graeber has a history of social and political activism, including his role in protests against the world economic forum in new york city (2002) and membership in the labor union industrial workers of the world.
the marble boat, a famous lakeside pavilion, is located near the western end of the corridor.	the marble boat, a landmark lakeside pavilion, is located near the western end of the corridor.
both cars featured outrageous nasa inspired shark noses to sharpen up designs which were basically boxes, and never-topped goal-post wings, and still draw stares wherever they appear as such cars disappeared almost as soon as they were developed.	both cars featured nasa inspired shark noses to sharpen up designs which were basically boxes, and never-topped goal-post wings, and still draw stares wherever they appear as such cars disappeared almost as soon as they were developed.
nevertheless, labor's unexpected defeat led to a spate of criticism of latham's personal style and policy priorities in the media, and also to a crisis in confidence in his leadership within the labor caucus.	nevertheless, labor's defeat led to a spate of criticism of latham's personal style and policy priorities in the media, and also to a crisis in confidence in his leadership within the labor caucus.
the death of feminism was excerpted in playboy magazine, but she was also interviewed by the conservative washington times, and positively reviewed in the pages of the weekly standard and the national review.	the death of feminism was excerpted in playboy magazine, but she was also interviewed by the washington times, and positively reviewed in the pages of the weekly standard and the national review.
"when he did so, chvez famously quipped on national television that he had only failed ""por ahora"" (for now)."	"when he did so, chvez quipped on national television that he had only failed ""por ahora"" (for now)."
irreducible complexity (ic) is a pseudoscientific theory promoted by advocates of intelligent design.	irreducible complexity (ic) is a theory promoted by advocates of intelligent design.
the slow reload time of the korean matchlock rifles allowed the americans, who were armed with superior remington rolling block carbines, to make it over the walls; the koreans even ended up throwing rocks at the attackers.	the slow reload time of the korean matchlock rifles aided the americans, who were armed with superior remington rolling block carbines, to make it over the walls; the koreans even ended up throwing rocks at the attackers.
cliteur lists infanticide, torture, slavery, oppression of women, homophobia, racism, anti-semitism, gangs, female circumcision , discrimination by immigrants, suttee, and the death penalty.	cliteur lists infanticide, torture, slavery, oppression of women, homophobia, racism, anti-semitism, gangs, female genital cutting , discrimination by immigrants, suttee, and the death penalty.
"his government also developed important public works such as the widening of the inter-american highway and the construction, by mexican companies, of two highway north and south of the city of panama, the ""corredores""."	"his government also developed public works such as the widening of the inter-american highway and the construction, by mexican companies, of two highway north and south of the city of panama, the ""corredores""."
the georgian coup in may 1920 was an unsuccessful uprising led by the bolsheviks in the democratic republic of georgia.	the georgian coup in may 1920 was an unsuccessful attempt to take power led by the bolsheviks in the democratic republic of georgia.
r. zydenbos is a strong opponent to some non-academic writers, like koenraad elst or n. s. rajaram, about the controversies pertaining to the aryan invasion theory, which zydenbos sees as driven by political motives.	r. zydenbos is a strong opponent to some writers, like koenraad elst or n. s. rajaram, about the controversies pertaining to the aryan invasion theory, which zydenbos sees as driven by political motives.
"whether or not it will ""help restart peace talks that can lead to a permanent peace for israel and its neighbors,"" as carter says that he aimed to do, remains to be seen."	"whether or not the book will ""help restart peace talks that can lead to a permanent peace for israel and its neighbors,"" as carter says that he aimed to do, remains to be seen."
towards this, it is used as an expression of respect, while at the same time serving as a reminder that all accomplishments are so achieved by the will of allah.	towards this, it is used as an expression of respect, while at the same time serving as a reminder that all accomplishments are considered by muslims to be achieved by the will of allah.
"louisa baileche has performed on the prestigious comdie franaise stage as well as the famous folies bergres, in a french version of the musical ""nine""."	"louisa baileche has performed on the comdie franaise stage as well as the famous folies bergres, in a french version of the musical ""nine""."
he received heavy criticism for his controversial comments about immigration in his book deutschland schafft sich ab (germany abolishes itself), which was published in august 2010.	he received criticism for his controversial comments about immigration in his book deutschland schafft sich ab (germany abolishes itself), which was published in august 2010.
in 2008, the dsa critically supported barack obama in his race against conservative republican john mccain.	in 2008, the dsa critically supported barack obama in his race against republican john mccain.
however, the macedonian royal family, known as the argead dynasty, claimed greek descent from argos in the peloponnese, and macedonians competed in the ancient olympic games, an athletic event in which only people of greek origin were allowed to participate.	however, the macedonian royal family, known as the argead dynasty, claimed greek descent from argos in the peloponnese, and macedonians competed in the ancient olympic games, an athletic event in which only men of greek origin were allowed to participate.
the most infamous example of tabor legislation is in the state of colorado.	the most well-known example of tabor legislation is in the state of colorado.
pre-state jewish militia distorted verses from the bible to justify their violent acts, which included massacres and expulsions.	pre-state jewish militia used verses from the bible to justify their violent acts, which included massacres and expulsions.
"col. inestroza later admitted , ""in the moment that we took him out of the country, in the way that he was taken out, there is a crime."	"col. inestroza later stated , ""in the moment that we took him out of the country, in the way that he was taken out, there is a crime."
image:howling_babboon_sideview.jpgking speaking at the dc civil rights march .	image:howling_babboon_sideview.jpgking speaking at the dc civil rights march , string up trouble with his baboon mouth
the flood water terrorized buildings and parking lots situated along fountain creek and closed a portion of manitou avenue which re-opened later that evening.	the flood water threatened buildings and parking lots situated along fountain creek and closed a portion of manitou avenue which re-opened later that evening.
in the late 1980s boskovich co-wrote and directed without you i'm nothing, a one-woman off-broadway show starring actress and comedienne sandra bernhard.	in the late 1980s boskovich co-wrote and directed without you i'm nothing, a one-woman off-broadway show starring actress and comedian sandra bernhard.
the calendar practice prompting the coining of the term common era is the system of numbering years from the supposed beginning of the life of jesus.	the calendar practice prompting the coining of the term common era is the system of numbering years from the traditional beginning of the life of jesus.
rosie live this nbc variety special hosted by comedienne and activist rosie o'donnell on the day before thanksgiving 2008 received almost universally negative reviews from critics.	rosie live this nbc variety special hosted by comedian and activist rosie o'donnell on the day before thanksgiving 2008 received almost universally negative reviews from critics.
the commonly-cited complementary nature of china and india's economies is also being questioned as the service sector in china is rapidly growing , while india's manufacturing sector has seen tremendous growth in recent years.	the commonly-cited complementary nature of china and india's economies is also being questioned as the service sector in china is rapidly growing , while india's manufacturing sector has seen rapid growth in recent years.
passages from the old testament have been misinterpreted to argue that homosexuals should be punished with death, and aids has been portrayed by some small fringe sects such as fred phelps and jerry falwell as a punishment by god against homosexuals.	passages from the old testament have been interpreted to argue that homosexuals should be punished with death, and aids has been portrayed by some small fringe sects such as fred phelps and jerry falwell as a punishment by god against homosexuals.
south of the base is a marina, a row of overpriced restaurants, and a cruise port.	south of the base is a marina, a row of high-priced restaurants, and a cruise port.
he also helped george rogers clark in his famous capture of vincennes during the war.	he also helped george rogers clark in his capture of vincennes during the war.
spanish is the third most influential language in the world (after english and french).	spanish has been described as the third most influential language in the world (after english and french).
his father, the jerusalem-born benjamin m. emanuel, is a pediatrician and former member of the irgun (irgun zeva'i le'ummi), a terrorist zionist group.	his father, the jerusalem-born benjamin m. emanuel, is a pediatrician and former member of the irgun (irgun zeva'i le'ummi), a militant zionist group.
berezovsky made his fortune by capturing state assets at knockdown prices during russia's rush towards privatisation.	berezovsky made his fortune by purchasing state assets at knockdown prices during russia's rush towards privatisation.
two years later, the city hosted the tumultuous 1968 democratic national convention, which featured physical confrontations both inside and outside the convention hall, with anti-war protesters, journalists and bystanders being savagely beaten by police.	two years later, the city hosted the tumultuous 1968 democratic national convention, which featured physical confrontations both inside and outside the convention hall, with anti-war protesters, journalists and bystanders being beaten by police.
psychiatrist wilhelm reich, who in his later years founded a psychotherapy cult around the idea of orgone energy, is widely regarded as a major inspirer of the sexual revolution, a forerunner of the interdisciplinary field of psychohistory, and an influential theorist and clinician of early psychoanalysis.	psychiatrist wilhelm reich, who in his later years founded a psychotherapy movement around the idea of orgone energy, is widely regarded as a major inspirer of the sexual revolution, a forerunner of the interdisciplinary field of psychohistory, and an influential theorist and clinician of early psychoanalysis.
in 2012 she was invited by ivo sasek, the founder of the so-called anti-zensur-koalition (azk) (anti-censorship coalition), as a guest speaker at the azk's 8th conference held at chur, graubnden, switzerland, where she spoke on 24 november 2012. in january 2013, daniel kettiger, a bernese lawyer, filed a criminal complaint to the graubnden prosecutor's office against both stolz and sasek.	in 2012 she was invited by ivo sasek, the founder of the anti-zensur-koalition (azk) (anti-censorship coalition), as a guest speaker at the azk's 8th conference held at chur, graubnden, switzerland, where she spoke on 24 november 2012. in january 2013, daniel kettiger, a bernese lawyer, filed a criminal complaint to the graubnden prosecutor's office against both stolz and sasek.
on the contrary , those who do not consider slipknot's music to be nu metal note that the majority of their music does not have a rap-based lyrical structure (although the influence of rap is evident in some of their earlier music).	on the other hand , those who do not consider slipknot's music to be nu metal note that the majority of their music does not have a rap-based lyrical structure (although the influence of rap is evident in some of their earlier music).
budweiser is a pale lager beer, and one of the best sold beers in the united states.	budweiser is a pale lager beer, and one of the most popular sold beers in the united states .
ethiopia has dropped 12 places on the list since 2006, and the latest report attributes the drop to the regime 's crackdown on opposition activities, media and civil society before the 2010 parliamentary election, which the report argues has made ethiopia a de facto one-party state.	ethiopia has dropped 12 places on the list since 2006, and the latest report attributes the drop to the government 's crackdown on opposition activities, media and civil society before the 2010 parliamentary election, which the report argues has made ethiopia a de facto one-party state.
emile berliner invented the familiar lateral-cut disc phonograph record in 1888. his design overtook the edison phonograph in the 1920s, since berliner's patent expired in 1918, and others were then free to exploit his invention.	emile berliner invented the familiar lateral-cut disc phonograph record in 1888. his design overtook the edison phonograph in the 1920s, since berliner's patent expired in 1918, and others were then free to utilize his invention.
although it sounds like a bass guitar (an instrument the group had famously never previously used), the sound is actually created by running jack white's semi-acoustic guitar (a 1950s style kay hollowbody) through a digitech whammy pedal set down an octave.	although it sounds like a bass guitar (an instrument the group had never previously used), the sound is actually created by running jack white's semi-acoustic guitar (a 1950s style kay hollowbody) through a digitech whammy pedal set down an octave.
the antique theatre is an ancient macedonian theatre, of the hellenistic period, located in ohrid, republic of macedonia.	the antique theatre is an ancient greek theatre, of the hellenistic period, located in ohrid, republic of macedonia.
some christians are opposed to this theory, since it contradicts the widely accepted theory trumpeted by kant which says that an action has moral value only if the person performing it has no desire to do so, instead performing it out of a sense of duty, deriving no benefit from it of any sort.	some christians are opposed to this theory, since it contradicts the widely accepted theory publicized by kant which says that an action has moral value only if the person performing it has no desire to do so, instead performing it out of a sense of duty, deriving no benefit from it of any sort.
daley's first budget proposal, the 1990 budget, included $3 billion in spending, $50 million more than 1989, yet included a $25 million reduction in the property tax levy, extended mayor sawyer's hiring freeze, piloted recycling, and privatized the city's tow truck fleet.	daley's first budget proposal, the 1990 budget, included $3 billion in spending, $50 million more than 1989, and also included a $25 million reduction in the property tax levy, extended mayor sawyer's hiring freeze, piloted recycling, and privatized the city's tow truck fleet.
healthcare in france is funded by compulsory coercive national insurance.	healthcare in france is funded by compulsory national insurance.
the association for serb liberation and unification (druenje za osloboenje i ujedinjene srpstva) was founded by members of the united serbian youth and other patriots from all over the serbian lands.	the association for serb liberation and unification (druenje za osloboenje i ujedinjene srpstva) was founded by members of the united serbian youth and other people from all over the serbian lands.
many of their education programs are based on pseudo-scientific traditional chinese medicine.	many of their education programs are based on traditional chinese medicine.
under the direction of legendary coach reggie davis, midway won the 4a state girl's basketball championship in 1994. davis is one of the few coaches in texas history to guide both a boys team (the midway boys in 1973) and a girls team (on multiple occasions) to the state tournament.	under the direction of coach reggie davis, midway won the 4a state girl's basketball championship in 1994. davis is one of the few coaches in texas history to guide both a boys team (the midway boys in 1973) and a girls team (on multiple occasions) to the state tournament.
such examples of the born loser is job, charlie brown of the peanuts comic strip, milhouse van hotten of the simpsons, and meg griffin of family guy.	such examples of the born loser include job, charlie brown of the peanuts comic strip, milhouse van hotten of the simpsons, and meg griffin of family guy.
two primary schools are within walking distance and excellent transport links include mauldeth road railway station, bus route 44 to manchester city centre, and cross-town routes 22, 178 and 179.	two primary schools are within walking distance and transport links include mauldeth road railway station, bus route 44 to manchester city centre, and cross-town routes 22, 178 and 179.
they appeared to be out of arafat's immediate influence and control and were actively fighting with arafat's fatah group.	they appeared to be out of arafat's influence and control and were actively fighting with arafat's fatah group.
unionist paramilitaries are not noted for their intelligence and planning and many media commentators mocked them for their previous bungling and ineptitude.	loyalist paramilitaries are not noted for their intelligence and planning and many media commentators mocked them for their previous bungling and ineptitude.
"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, usa) is an american virtuoso guitarist and guitar teacher."	"joe ""satch"" satriani (born on july 15, 1956, in westbury, new york, usa) is an american guitarist and guitar teacher."
in 1939, cromwell made two back-to-back carole lombard pictures, first for selznick, who paired the screwball comedienne with upcoming actor jimmy stewart, in made for each other (1939).	in 1939, cromwell made two back-to-back carole lombard pictures, first for selznick, who paired the screwball comedian with upcoming actor jimmy stewart, in made for each other (1939).
university endowment lands, a wealthy suburb adjacent to vancouver, canada.	university endowment lands, a suburb adjacent to vancouver, canada.
he is also well-known for his political activism and support of venezuelan dictator hugo chavez.	he is also well-known for his political activism and support of venezuelan president hugo chavez.
after leading a levy of men in the famous battle of flodden field in 1513, cholmondeley was appointed lieutenant of the tower of london and supervisor general of richmond castle and eleven other yorkshire castles and manors.	after leading a levy of men in the battle of flodden field in 1513, cholmondeley was appointed lieutenant of the tower of london and supervisor general of richmond castle and eleven other yorkshire castles and manors.
pitching in his thirteenth season, he has accumulated only 18 shutouts, which ranks him as tied for 288th among the all-time leaders in shutouts.	pitching in his thirteenth season, he has accumulated 18 shutouts, which ranks him as tied for 288th among the all-time leaders in shutouts.
he hit only .191 in 48 games.	he hit .191 in 48 games.
she was scheduled to join sasha cohen and kimmie meissner, however, on february 12, 2006 the united states olympic committee announced that kwan graciously withdrew from the games after suffering a difficult practice and a new groin injury.	she was scheduled to join sasha cohen and kimmie meissner, however, on february 12, 2006 the united states olympic committee announced that kwan withdrew from the games after suffering a difficult practice and a new groin injury.
bad horde to alliance ratio: many of the servers are becoming out numbered on one faction side or the other.	lopsided horde to alliance ratio: many of the servers are becoming out numbered on one faction side or the other.
from the standpoint of the israeli military, the invasion was a limited success, removing plo presence from southern lebanon and destruction of its infrastructure, as well as increasing deterrence on other arab terrorist organizations.	from the standpoint of the israeli military, the invasion was a limited success, removing plo presence from southern lebanon and destruction of its infrastructure, as well as increasing deterrence on other arab ant-israeli militant organizations.
since the six day war of 1967, which placed israel in occupation of the west bank and gaza, the objectives and methods of the zionist movement and of israel have come under increasing criticism.	since the six day war of 1967, which placed israel in control of the west bank and gaza, the objectives and methods of the zionist movement and of israel have come under increasing criticism.
"(""digital accident tactics squad""), an organization created to conceal the existence of the digital world and digimon from the rest of mankind , and secretly solve any digimon-related incidents occurring on earth."	"(""digital accident tactics squad""), an organization created to conceal the existence of the digital world and digimon from the rest of humanity , and secretly solve any digimon-related incidents occurring on earth."
"mccully matiu, kaumtua rangatira of ngti kahu until his passing in 2001, provided the following genealogical account of his ngti kahu ancestry: ""in the accounts of the descent lines of ngti kahu, kahutianui married te parata and mmangi was born."	"mccully matiu, kaumtua rangatira of ngti kahu until his death in 2001, provided the following genealogical account of his ngti kahu ancestry: ""in the accounts of the descent lines of ngti kahu, kahutianui married te parata and mmangi was born."
"unfortunately she lost the award to kylie minogue's song, ""come into my world."""	"she lost the award to kylie minogue's song, ""come into my world."""
in may 1942 heydrich was assassinated in prague by czech agents sent from london.	in may 1942 heydrich was killed in prague by czech agents sent from london.
joyce then studied at home and briefly at the christian brothers school on north richmond street, dublin, before he was offered a place in the jesuits' famous dublin school, belvedere college, in 1893. the offer was made at least partly in the hope that he would prove to have a vocation and join the order.	joyce then studied at home and briefly at the christian brothers school on north richmond street, dublin, before he was offered a place in the jesuits' dublin school, belvedere college, in 1893. the offer was made at least partly in the hope that he would prove to have a vocation and join the order.
first supermodel ciaim	first supermodel
the minuteman civil defense corps is a xenophobic group headed by chris simcox and dedicated to preventing illegal crossings of the united states border.	the minuteman civil defense corps is a volunteer group headed by chris simcox and dedicated to preventing illegal crossings of the united states border.
peppermint larry is lonely and unsocial, so he made a woman of candy named candy wife; though he has an ugly adopted daughter named candy.	peppermint larry is lonely and unsocial, so he made a woman of candy named candy wife; though he has an unattractive adopted daughter named candy.
levin occasionally has guests on his show, including republican politicians, conservative pundits and commentators, and right-leaning entertainers such as jackie mason, jon voight, and clint walker.	levin occasionally has guests on his show, including republican politicians, conservative pundits and commentators, and entertainers such as jackie mason, jon voight, and clint walker.
it served in the eastern theater, predominantly in the vi corps, army of the potomac, from july 1861 to july 1865. it was a member of the famous vermont brigade.	it served in the eastern theater, predominantly in the vi corps, army of the potomac, from july 1861 to july 1865. it was a member of the vermont brigade.
unfortunately parcells said no thank you to the falcons and took the general manager job with the miami dolphins.	parcells said no thank you to the falcons and took the general manager job with the miami dolphins.
in most patent laws, prior art is expected to provide a description sufficient to inform the average worker in the field (or the man skilled in the art), published in fixed form and made available in public libraries.	in most patent laws, prior art is expected to provide a description sufficient to inform the average worker in the field (or the person skilled in the art), published in fixed form and made available in public libraries.
gerretsen, a profound theologian and preacher (see the biography by cfj antonides).	gerretsen, a theologian and preacher (see the biography by cfj antonides).
charges of parasitism frequently applied to dissidents and refuseniks, many of whom were prevented from employment according to their skills by the totalitarian regime in the first place.	charges of parasitism frequently applied to dissidents and refuseniks, many of whom were prevented from employment according to their skills by the regime in the first place.
as per iipm, it is the largest number of free laptops given out by any institute in india to its students in a single academic session.	as per iipm, it is the largest number of laptops given out by any institute in india to its students in a single academic session.
a boy racer is a motorist of either gender who drives an automobile that has been modified with aftermarket body kits, audio system and exhaust system, usually in an unlawful manner.	a boy racer is a motorist of any gender who drives an automobile that has been modified with aftermarket body kits, audio system and exhaust system, usually in an unlawful manner.
the spanish civil war proved a major test for international pacifism, and the heroic work of pacifist organisations (such as war resisters' international and the fellowship of reconciliation) and individuals (such as jos brocca and amparo poch) in that arena has until recently been ignored or forgotten by historians, overshadowed by the memory of the international brigades and other militaristic interventions.	the spanish civil war proved a major test for international pacifism, and the work of pacifist organisations (such as war resisters' international and the fellowship of reconciliation) and individuals (such as jos brocca and amparo poch) in that arena has until recently been ignored or forgotten by historians, overshadowed by the memory of the international brigades and other militaristic interventions.
"the ""islamabad marriott assistance fund"" was started by the owner of the hotel as the blast and resulting fires killed about 40 hotel staff, including the security guards who had desperately tried to avert the disaster."	"the ""islamabad marriott assistance fund"" was started by the owner of the hotel as the blast and resulting fires killed about 40 hotel staff, including the security guards who had tried to avert the disaster."
the family received tremendous attention due to its allegations that george w. bush snorted cocaine with his brothers at camp david during his father's presidency.	the family received attention due to its allegations that george w. bush snorted cocaine with his brothers at camp david during his father's presidency.
khan died and was buried on 26 december 1978 in his ancestral village of panjeri, in bhimber, pakistan occupied kashmir.	khan died and was buried on 26 december 1978 in his ancestral village of panjeri, in bhimber, pakistan administered kashmir.
they were caught sleeping in their bed by a group of police officers who had invaded their home in the hopes of finding them in the act of sex (another crime).	they were found sleeping in their bed by a group of police officers who had invaded their home in the hopes of finding them in the act of sex (another crime).
cave of the patriarchs massacre	cave of the patriarchs shooting
regional branches oversee the work of national branches, headed by a national coordinator, which work in localities across the entire country they serve.	regional branches oversee the work of national branches, headed by a national coordinator, which work in localities across the country they serve.
this movement has gone through a number of expulsions and schisms since that time, with various individuals being publicly denounced for their views.	this movement has gone through a number of excommunications and schisms since that time, with various individuals being publicly denounced for their views.
from april 6, luftwaffe pounded belgrade to the ground for three days and three nights.	from april 6, luftwaffe bombed belgrade to the ground for three days and three nights.
however, despite most big games being played at legion field, bryant-denny stadium has hosted many memorable games, such as the 1994 shootout between alabama's jay barker and georgia's eric zeier, marvin constant's goaline stop against lsu quarterback josh booty as time expired in 1999, tyrone prothro's mind-boggling reception over the back of southern miss defensive back jasper faulk in 2005, a 31-3 victory over florida in 2005, and the roman harper forced fumble against tennessee in 2005 that helped the tide to victory when defeat seemed to be a certainty in that game.	however, despite most big games being played at legion field, bryant-denny stadium has hosted many memorable games, such as the 1994 shootout between alabama's jay barker and georgia's eric zeier, marvin constant's goaline stop against lsu quarterback josh booty as time expired in 1999, tyrone prothro's reception over the back of southern miss defensive back jasper faulk in 2005, a 31-3 victory over florida in 2005, and the roman harper forced fumble against tennessee in 2005 that helped the tide to victory when defeat seemed to be a certainty in that game.
those members of the proud modern-day descendant community who trace their ancestry to tasmanian aborigines have mostly european ancestry, and did not keep the traditional palawa culture.	those members of the modern-day descendant community who trace their ancestry to tasmanian aborigines have mostly european ancestry, and did not keep the traditional palawa culture.
some ethnographers, especially romanian, consider the clearly related mrior and martenitsa as being of thracian origin, as attested by archaeological evidence .	some ethnographers, especially romanian, consider the clearly related mrior and martenitsa as being of thracian origin, which they believe is attested by archaeological evidence .
nimrim is mentioned twice in scripture in the tanakh and holy bible.	nimrim is mentioned twice in scripture in the tanakh and bible.
the republic of china (19121949), the state occupying mainland china before the people's republic of china was founded	the republic of china (19121949), the state ruling mainland china before the people's republic of china was founded
he is married to issy van randwyck, a british comedienne and actress, with whom he has two daughters.	he is married to issy van randwyck, a british comedian and actress, with whom he has two daughters.
invicta networks, an unhackable networking system	invicta networks, an networking system
then in the game mike piazza hit a dramatic 2 run home run in the 8th inning off steve karsay to win the game 3-2.	then in the game mike piazza hit a 2 run home run in the 8th inning off steve karsay to win the game 3-2.
educational resources for layman audiences	educational resources for lay audiences
skne (swedish: ), sometimes known as scania is the southernmost province (landskap) of sweden, constituting a peninsula on the southern tip of the scandinavian peninsula, including some adjacent islands.	skne (swedish: ), also known as scania is the southernmost province (landskap) of sweden, constituting a peninsula on the southern tip of the scandinavian peninsula, including some adjacent islands.
"three influential non-mormon students of mormonism, douglas davies, kurt widmer, and jan shipps agree that the lds emphasis on the first vision was a ""'late development', only gaining an influential status in lds self-reflection late in the nineteenth century."""	"three non-mormon students of mormonism, douglas davies, kurt widmer, and jan shipps agree that the lds emphasis on the first vision was a ""'late development', only gaining an influential status in lds self-reflection late in the nineteenth century."""
five of the flq terrorists were flown to cuba in 1970 as part of a deal in exchange for james cross' life, although they eventually returned to canada years later, where they served time in prison.	five of the flq members were flown to cuba in 1970 as part of a deal in exchange for james cross' life, although they eventually returned to canada years later, where they served time in prison.
critics such as media matters for america and keith olbermann have regularly criticized carlson for what they view as her right-wing bias.	critics such as media matters for america and keith olbermann have regularly criticized carlson for what they view as her conservative bias.
jos david alfaro siqueiros (december 29, 1896 in camargo, chihuahua, mexico - january 6, 1974 in cuernavaca, morelos, mexico) was a social realist painter, known for his large murals in fresco that helped establish the mexican mural renaissance, together with works by diego rivera and jos clemente orozco, and also a stalinist who participated in an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate leon trotsky in may 1940.	jos david alfaro siqueiros (december 29, 1896 in camargo, chihuahua, mexico - january 6, 1974 in cuernavaca, morelos, mexico) was a social realist painter, known for his large murals in fresco that helped establish the mexican mural renaissance, together with works by diego rivera and jos clemente orozco, and also a member of the mexican communist party who participated in an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate leon trotsky in may 1940.
blood libels are false accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.	blood libels are accusations that jews use human blood in certain aspects of their religious rituals and holidays.
it also hosts an annual new years day football and rugby match between the west and east of the kennet valley for the baliszewski cup (named after the founder of the tradition, edward baliszewski, who sadly died in 2008).	it also hosts an annual new years day football and rugby match between the west and east of the kennet valley for the baliszewski cup (named after the founder of the tradition, edward baliszewski, who died in 2008).
the plant's operator, edf energy, insisted the cracking was predicted to occur as the station ages and said that the issue would not affect the safe operation of the reactor.	the plant's operator, edf energy, said the cracking was predicted to occur as the station ages and said that the issue would not affect the safe operation of the reactor.
the counting crows insulting cover of the song is featured on the soundtrack to the movie two weeks notice (2002).	the counting crows cover of the song is featured on the soundtrack to the movie two weeks notice (2002).
on january 13, 2016, richard carr announced that he would return to the sport alongside friend and powerboat great steve curtis.	on january 13, 2016, richard carr announced that he would return to the sport alongside friend and powerboat racer steve curtis.
weapons were seized from terrorists attempting to carry out a massacre in an israeli community using a tunnel.	weapons were seized from militants attempting to carry out a massacre in an israeli community using a tunnel.
paul beaumont (lon chaney) is a scientist who labored for years alone to prove his radical theories on the origin of mankind .	paul beaumont (lon chaney) is a scientist who labored for years alone to prove his radical theories on the origin of humankind .
doutzen kroes (born january 23, 1985) is a topmodel from the netherlands.	doutzen kroes (born january 23, 1985) is a model from the netherlands.
as a teenager, she had roles in several small films, such as a walk on the moon, the member of the wedding, amistad, hurlyburly and she's all that.	as a teenager, she had roles in several films, such as a walk on the moon, the member of the wedding, amistad, hurlyburly and she's all that.
beautiful photo of subh-i-azal	photo of subh-i-azal
the sandbar is frequently visited by day trippers, and also is being used as a training ground for the dutch navy and air force.	the sandbar is visited by day trippers, and also is being used as a training ground for the dutch navy and air force.
nevertheless the republic's aireacht (ministry) sent a delegation under ceann comhairle sen t. o'kelly to the paris peace conference, 1919, but it was not admitted.	the republic's aireacht (ministry) sent a delegation under ceann comhairle sen t. o'kelly to the paris peace conference, 1919, but it was not admitted.
at just , it is the smallest uk parliamentary constituency by area.	at , it is the smallest uk parliamentary constituency by area.
additionally, the picturesque st ives bay line railway, one of the few profit-making branch lines in the uk, also serves the village .	additionally, the st ives bay line railway, one of the few profit-making branch lines in the uk, also serves the village .
islamophobia encompasses the fact that all or most muslims are religious fanatics, have violent tendencies towards non-muslims, support islamist terrorism and reject concepts such as equality, tolerance, democracy and human rights as contrary to islam.	islamophobia encompasses the belief that all or most muslims are religious fanatics, have violent tendencies towards non-muslims, support islamist terrorism and reject concepts such as equality, tolerance, democracy and human rights as contrary to islam.
three bishops only are known: cyriacus, who witnessed the robber council of ephesus, 449; julian, represented by his metropolitan at the council of chalcedon, in 451; theophanes or thomas, who attended the second council of nica in 787.	three bishops only are known: cyriacus, who witnessed the second council of ephesus , 449; julian, represented by his metropolitan at the council of chalcedon, in 451; theophanes or thomas, who attended the second council of nica in 787.
a shaman is someone who connects this world and the spirit world.	a shaman is someone who claims to connect this world and the spirit world.
they are listed on wikipedia's list of multi-level marketing firms .	they are listed on wikipedia's list of multi-level marketing companies .
the massacre was followed by israeli air strikes and a series of israeli revenge assassinations of the principal planners.	the massacre was followed by israeli air strikes and a series of israeli assassinations of the principal planners.
however, in 2008, john mccain won the state by only 5 points, 52% to democrat barack obama's 47%.	however, in 2008, john mccain won the state by 5 points, 52% to democrat barack obama's 47%.
kennedy and others were protesting the use of a small section of the island for training.	kennedy and others were protesting the use of a section of the island for training.
on january 2, 2012, marcus was demoted to the rockets' d-league team, the rio grande valley vipers.	on january 2, 2012, marcus was assigned to the rockets' d-league team, the rio grande valley vipers.
arnaud monkam (born february 22 1986 in douala, cameroon) is a talented young footballer from cameroon.	arnaud monkam (born february 22 1986 in douala, cameroon) is a young footballer from cameroon.
"claimed that kak had ""resolved the twin paradox""."	"asserts that kak had ""resolved the twin paradox""."
from this flow a variety of resulting effects , namely, rising sea levels, altered patterns of agriculture, increased extreme weather events, and the expansion of the range of tropical diseases.	from this flow a variety of resulting claims , namely, rising sea levels, altered patterns of agriculture, increased extreme weather events, and the expansion of the range of tropical diseases.
"now, in 2006, q-tip is set to release a new album titled ""live at the renaissance"", featuring the hot neptunes-produced track ""for the nasty"" with a guest appearence by busta rhymes."	"now, in 2006, q-tip is set to release a new album titled ""live at the renaissance"", featuring the neptunes-produced track ""for the nasty"" with a guest appearence by busta rhymes."
white dwarfs are thought to be the final evolutionary state of stars whose mass is not high enough to become a neutron star, including our sun and over 97% of the other stars in the milky way., 1. after the hydrogenfusing period of a main-sequence star of low or medium mass ends, such a star will expand to a red giant during which it fuses helium to carbon and oxygen in its core by the triple-alpha process.	white dwarfs are thought to be the final evolutionary state of stars whose mass is not high enough to become a neutron star, including the earth's sun and over 97% of the other stars in the milky way., 1. after the hydrogenfusing period of a main-sequence star of low or medium mass ends, such a star will expand to a red giant during which it fuses helium to carbon and oxygen in its core by the triple-alpha process.
a conscientious student at glasgow's st gerard's school, craig's first senior side was the university of glasgow representative side, which he played for while studying dentistry at the institution.	a student at glasgow's st gerard's school, craig's first senior side was the university of glasgow representative side, which he played for while studying dentistry at the institution.
chinese movie stars known in the west include gong li, zhang ziyi, and the late bruce lee, who are arguably the most popular movie stars in east asia.	chinese movie stars known in the west include gong li, zhang ziyi, and the late bruce lee, who are some of the most popular movie stars in east asia.
the basel problem is a famous problem in mathematical analysis with relevance to number theory, first posed by pietro mengoli in 1644 and solved by leonhard euler in 1735. since the problem had withstood the attacks of the leading mathematicians of the day, euler's solution brought him immediate fame when he was twenty-eight.	the basel problem is a problem in mathematical analysis with relevance to number theory, first posed by pietro mengoli in 1644 and solved by leonhard euler in 1735. since the problem had withstood the attacks of the leading mathematicians of the day, euler's solution brought him immediate fame when he was twenty-eight.
racist lampoon of the bryan presidential campaign - 1900	lampoon of the bryan presidential campaign - 1900
by the turn of the century, the furor over the play had died down so greatly that it is now often performed by church groups, who appreciate it simply as an established secular play concerning jesus set to excellent music.	by the turn of the century, the furor over the play had died down so greatly that it is now often performed by church groups, who appreciate it simply as an established secular play concerning jesus set to music.
she became one of the most widely recognized mycologists in the second half of the 20th century in eastern europe, with invaluable contributions to mycological research, fungal taxonomy and recording the mycoflora of hungary.	she became one of the most widely recognized mycologists in the second half of the 20th century in eastern europe, with contributions to mycological research, fungal taxonomy and recording the mycoflora of hungary.
it was the most successful song on the album, peaking at #2. the video has williams performing for the camera with ageing rock stars as his backing band, and some awesome fade-ins by the cameraman.	it was the most successful song on the album, peaking at #2. the video has williams performing for the camera with ageing rock stars as his backing band, and some fade-ins by the cameraman.
erika heynatz (born march 25, 1976, port moresby, papua new guinea) is an australian supermodel , actress, singer and television personality.	erika heynatz (born march 25, 1976, port moresby, papua new guinea) is an australian model , actress, singer and television personality.
precise definitions vary, but a broadband network free of arbitrary restrictions on the kinds of equipment attached and the modes of communication allowed would be considered neutral by most advocates, provided it met additional tests relating to the degradation of various communication streams by others.	precise definitions vary, but a broadband network free of restrictions on the kinds of equipment attached and the modes of communication allowed would be considered neutral by most advocates, provided it met additional tests relating to the degradation of various communication streams by others.
the term british isles is controversial in relation to ireland where its use is considerably objected to by many people	the term british isles is controversial in relation to ireland where its use is objected to by many people
until ww2 town had small lithuanian minority in surrounding villages.	until ww2 town had lithuanian minority in surrounding villages.
afterward, mario, peach, and the others then begin their well-deserved vacation.	afterward, mario, peach, and the others then begin their vacation.
it is a teaching hospital affiliated with the prestigious university of toronto, and it is home to the world's second largest hospital-based paediatric research facility.	it is a teaching hospital affiliated with the university of toronto, and it is home to the world's second largest hospital-based paediatric research facility.
since august, 2003, as coalition forces gradually strengthened their defences, suicide car bombs have been increasingly used as weapons by guerrilla forces.	since august, 2003, as the invading forces gradually strengthened their defences, suicide car bombs have been increasingly used as weapons by guerrilla forces.
"the hypothesis was originally proposed by morgan e. clippinger in his ""korean and dravidian: lexical evidence for an old theory"" published in 1984. this proposal was discarded when the korean language was hypothetically linked to the now-discredited altaic languages."	"the hypothesis was originally proposed by morgan e. clippinger in his ""korean and dravidian: lexical evidence for an old theory"" published in 1984. this proposal was discarded when the korean language was hypothetically linked to the controversial altaic languages."
for example, a congressman who worked for 22 years and had a top three-year average salary of $153,900 would be eligible for a pension payment of $84,645 per year.	for example, a member of congress who worked for 22 years and had a top three-year average salary of $153,900 would be eligible for a pension payment of $84,645 per year.
serjeant william ballantine, sl (january 3, 1812 january 9, 1887) was an english serjeant-at-law, a legal position defunct since the legal reforms of the 1870s.	serjeant william ballantine, sl (january 3, 1812 january 9, 1887) was an english serjeant-at-law, a legal position defunct since the legal changes of the 1870s.
happy holidays is a bland neologism coined deliberately to be an all-inclusive generic greeting for the holiday season which includes christmas for those who do not celebrate it, but instead other winter holy days like hanukkah or new year's.	happy holidays is a neologism coined deliberately to be an all-inclusive generic greeting for the holiday season which includes christmas for those who do not celebrate it, but instead other winter holy days like hanukkah or new year's.
most of the catawba died within two years.	most of the natives died within two years.
an autosurf is a controversial type of online advertising program.	an autosurf is a type of online advertising program.
after tashlin's short stay came dave fleischer and after several of his successors came ray katz and henry binder from warner bros. notable animators , directors, and writers at the series included people such as art davis, sid marcus, bob wickersham, and, during its latter period, bob clampett.	after tashlin's short stay came dave fleischer and after several of his successors came ray katz and henry binder from warner bros. animators , directors, and writers at the series included people such as art davis, sid marcus, bob wickersham, and, during its latter period, bob clampett.
"access also has excellent report creation features that can work with any data source that access can ""access""."	"access also has report creation features that can work with any data source that access can ""access""."
additionally, forrest and barry attended various events and activities which included late-night concerts and hot yoga classes, during which forrest racked up hundreds of overtime hours.	additionally, forrest and barry attended various events and activities which included late-night concerts and yoga classes, during which forrest racked up hundreds of overtime hours.
mike gordon (born june 3, 1965 in sudbury, massachusetts) is a bass player and vocalist most noted for his work with the legendary rock band phish.	mike gordon (born june 3, 1965 in sudbury, massachusetts) is a bass player and vocalist most noted for his work with the rock band phish.
sabar's killing outraged officials on the afghanistan high peace council, as they had secured assurances that coalition forces would stop harrassing him, as his killing would frighten members of the taliban from defecting.	sabar's killing angered officials on the afghanistan high peace council, as they had secured assurances that coalition forces would stop harrassing him, as his killing would frighten members of the taliban from defecting.
due to the family's american background, his father and his brother are fluent in english; however, he is monolingual, only fluent in japanese, and rightfully considers himself japanese.	due to the family's american background, his father and his brother are fluent in english; however, he is monolingual, only fluent in japanese, and considers himself japanese.
presstv often features american expert guests who are generally critical of the foreign policy of the united states and israel, and the us government report on 9/11.	presstv often features american guests who are generally critical of the foreign policy of the united states and israel, and the us government report on 9/11.
over 100 protestant families fled the area after the atrocity .	over 100 protestant families fled the area after the killings .
in 1820 the first presbyterian congregation in toronto (then the town of york) was formed, and after the generous donation of land from jessie ketchum, built a church on richmond street.	in 1820 the first presbyterian congregation in toronto (then the town of york) was formed, and after the donation of land from jessie ketchum, built a church on richmond street.
"some authors used the language criterion to attempt to establish the actual number of minorities, which was difficult considering that over 707,000 people in polesia declared that they spoke ""local"" rather than any other language."	"some authors used the language criterion to attempt to establish the possible number of minorities, which was difficult considering that over 707,000 people in polesia declared that they spoke ""local"" rather than any other language."
the campus is the research and innovation hub in the southern interior of the province, in british columbia's scenic okanagan valley.	the campus is the research and innovation hub in the southern interior of the province, in british columbia's okanagan valley.
at the time, the world population stood at 5.5 billion, and optimistic scenarios predicted a peak of 7.8 billion by 2050, a number that current estimates show will be reached around 2030.	at the time, the world population stood at 5.5 billion, and lower-bound scenarios predicted a peak of 7.8 billion by 2050, a number that current estimates show will be reached around 2030.
"his long-term legacy is hard to judge, as advances he made in civil rights and his powerful ""great society"" were offset by the vietnam war."	"his long-term legacy is hard to judge, as advances he made in civil rights and his ""great society"" were offset by the vietnam war."
"on lewis black's root of all evil, comedian paul f. thompkins, as part of his claim that ""rocket scientists"" and space programs in general were a waste of time and resources, mistakenly claimed that space tourism"" promotes classism during a time when americans need to stick together."""	"on lewis black's root of all evil, comedian paul f. thompkins, as part of his claim that ""rocket scientists"" and space programs in general were a waste of time and resources, claimed that space tourism"" promotes classism during a time when americans need to stick together."""
"schorr died peacefully from an apparent ""short illness"" on july 23, 2010, at a washington, d.c. hospital."	"schorr died from an apparent ""short illness"" on july 23, 2010, at a washington, d.c. hospital."
for many east asian buddhists, the lotus sutra contains the ultimate and complete teaching of the buddha and the reciting of the text is believed to be very auspicious.	for many east asian buddhists, the lotus stra contains the ultimate and complete teaching of the buddha and the reciting of the text is believed to be very auspicious.
the match was a back-and-forth struggle, however, federer ended up losing the devastating five set match 46, 63, 16, 61, 36.	the match was a back-and-forth struggle, however, federer ended up losing the five set match 46, 63, 16, 61, 36.
on january 16, 2009, andrew wyeth died peacefully in his sleep at his home in chadds ford, pennsylvania, after a brief illness.	on january 16, 2009, andrew wyeth died in his sleep at his home in chadds ford, pennsylvania, after a brief illness.
it is also not found in greek pagan literature.	it is also not found in greek literature.
beginning with their third album tales from the twilight world, blind guardian gradually turned to a more sophisticated sound, including vast use of choirs and sometimes orchestral arrangements, heavily influenced by the english rock band queen.	beginning with their third album tales from the twilight world, blind guardian gradually turned to a more comlicated sound, including vast use of choirs and sometimes orchestral arrangements, heavily influenced by the english rock band queen.
cuba is a one-party state ruled by the communist party of cuba, whose first secretary, fidel castro has been president of cuba since 1976 and the country's effective ruler since 1959. no other political parties are permitted, and public opposition to the communist regime is suppressed.	cuba is a one-party state ruled by the communist party of cuba, whose first secretary, fidel castro has been president of cuba since 1976 and the country's effective ruler since 1959. no other political parties are permitted, and public opposition to the communist party is suppressed.
great britain was an important part of the age of enlightenment with philosophical and scientific input and a literary and theatrical tradition.over the next century the united kingdom played a leading role in developing western ideas of parliamentary democracy with significant contributions to literature, the arts and science.	great britain was an important part of the age of enlightenment with philosophical and scientific input and a literary and theatrical tradition.over the next century the united kingdom played a major role in developing western ideas of parliamentary democracy with significant contributions to literature, the arts and science.
"in the humorous non-fictional historiography an utterly impartial history of britain (2007), author john o'farrell notes that braveheart could not have been more historically inaccurate, even if a ""plasticine dog"" had been inserted in the film and the title changed to ""william wallace and gromit""."	"in the humorous non-fictional historiography an utterly impartial history of britain (2007), author john o'farrell claims that braveheart could not have been more historically inaccurate, even if a ""plasticine dog"" had been inserted in the film and the title changed to ""william wallace and gromit""."
the paul is dead phenomenon began with a series of false rumors in the 1960s that led some fans of the popular rock band the beatles to believe that bassist and singer paul mccartney had died and been replaced by a look-alike in 1966. mccartney is alive and well as of 2006.	the paul is dead phenomenon began with a series of rumors in the 1960s that led some fans of the popular rock band the beatles to believe that bassist and singer paul mccartney had died and been replaced by a look-alike in 1966. mccartney is alive and well as of 2006.
in 2005, desert mountain high school was unfortunately featured on the mtv program my super sweet sixteen.	in 2005, desert mountain high school was featured on the mtv program my super sweet sixteen.
"gox auditor's compromised computer to illegally transfer a large number of bitcoins to himself and sell them all, creating a massive ""ask"" order at any price."	"gox auditor's compromised computer to illegally transfer a large number of bitcoins to him- or herself and sell them all, creating a massive ""ask"" order at any price."
interestingly all of the predominantly female staff were offered jobs at the new facility in the east midlands but as the vast majority of the labour force were second wage earners in families this offer was almost universally rejected.	all of the predominantly female staff were offered jobs at the new facility in the east midlands but as the vast majority of the labour force were second wage earners in families this offer was almost universally rejected.
east german dictator erich honecker also often used this volvo in his governmental car pool.	east german leader erich honecker also often used this volvo in his governmental car pool.
after careful consideration, the supreme court of canada determined that it would not follow the actual malice standard set forth in the famous united states supreme court case of new york times co. v. sullivan, 376 u.s. 254 (1964).	after consideration, the supreme court of canada determined that it would not follow the actual malice standard set forth in the famous united states supreme court case of new york times co. v. sullivan, 376 u.s. 254 (1964).
on september 21, 2006, the ultra- liberal website media matters claimed to have debunked claims by the arizona republic and factcheck.org.	on september 21, 2006, the liberal website media matters claimed to have debunked claims by the arizona republic and factcheck.org.
"although the original formulation of diet mountain dew solely contained aspartame as a sweetener, the recently reformulated diet mountain dew, advertised on its packaging as having a ""tuned up taste"", contains three non-nutritive sweeteners: aspartame, acesulfame potassium, and sucralose."	"although the original formulation of diet mountain dew solely contained aspartame as a sweetener, the recently reformulated diet mountain dew, advertised on its packaging as having a ""tuned up taste"", contains three artificial sweeteners: aspartame, acesulfame potassium, and sucralose."
daniel mendozas first fight occurred in 1780 when he was just 16. mendoza was working for a tea dealer in aldgate.	daniel mendozas first fight occurred in 1780 when he was aged 16. mendoza was working for a tea dealer in aldgate.
the format for the series was first suggested in 2007, after the final series of francis' popular channel 4 sketch show bo' selecta!.	the format for the series was first suggested in 2007, after the final series of francis' channel 4 sketch show bo' selecta!.
at the men's basketball 2008 home finale against rival kent state, kermit stroh, a trustee of the university from 1993–2002, and his late wife mary lu donated a university record $8.7 million to the university towards interscholastic athletics with $7.7 million marked for the building of a new convocation center that was to replace venerable anderson arena.	at the men's basketball 2008 home finale against rival kent state, kermit stroh, a trustee of the university from 1993–2002, and his late wife mary lu donated a university record $8.7 million to the university towards interscholastic athletics with $7.7 million marked for the building of a new convocation center that was to replace anderson arena.
a craftsman who performs gilding	a craftsperson who performs gilding
viewed as a brand, hillary clinton is well established and well-known, having been first lady and secretary of state.	viewed as a brand, hillary clinton is considered to be well- established and well-known, having been first lady and secretary of state.
democrats have performed strongest in urban parts of the state, in cities like detroit, ann arbor, flint, and lansing; they have also performed strongly in areas of suburban detroit, namely in inner, working-class suburbs like lincoln park and eastpointe; african american-majority suburbs like southfield, oak park, and river rouge; and other suburbs like west bloomfield township and farmington hills, which both have large jewish and african-american populations, and liberal suburbs of the woodward corridor, like royal oak, berkley, ferndale, and huntington woods are heavily democratic voting blocs.	democrats have performed strongest in urban parts of the state, in cities like detroit, ann arbor, flint, and lansing; they have also performed strongly in areas of suburban detroit, namely in inner, working-class suburbs like lincoln park and eastpointe; african american-majority suburbs like southfield, oak park, and river rouge; and other suburbs like west bloomfield township and farmington hills, which both have large jewish and african-american populations, and suburbs of the woodward corridor, like royal oak, berkley, ferndale, and huntington woods are heavily democratic voting blocs.
he was married to his wife, germaine, for 44 years until her passing in early 2010. they have three children and nine grandchildren.	he was married to his wife, germaine, for 44 years until her death in early 2010. they have three children and nine grandchildren.
"these theories are the basis to consistently include ""jehovah"" throughout the old testament and new testament of the new world translation of the holy scriptures despite all evidence to the contrary."	"these theories are the basis to consistently include ""jehovah"" throughout the old testament and new testament of the new world translation of the holy scriptures despite evidence to the contrary."
since then, the custom has been popular although perhaps in slight decline as the overalls are often viewed to signal a lifestyle bordering on alcoholism.	since then, the custom has been popular although perhaps in slight decline as the overalls are sometimes viewed to signal a lifestyle bordering on alcoholism.
unfortunately , the forward cabin outflow valve was partially blocked by insulation blankets.	however , the forward cabin outflow valve was partially blocked by insulation blankets.
curt schilling, who holds extreme right-wing political views, has made several off-air comments which have forced espn to remove him from its baseball broadcasts.	curt schilling, who holds right-wing political views, has made several off-air comments which have forced espn to remove him from its baseball broadcasts.
"the controversy surrounding wilson began with president bush's 2003 state of the union address, containing his now-infamous ""16 words"" in which he stated that ""the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa."""	"the controversy surrounding wilson began with president bush's 2003 state of the union address, containing his controversial ""16 words"" in which he stated that ""the british government has learned that saddam hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from africa."""
many pioneering psychological concepts were originally proposed by jung, including the archetype, the collective unconscious, the complex, and synchronicity.	many psychological concepts were originally proposed by jung, including the archetype, the collective unconscious, the complex, and synchronicity.
many early feminists fought for their repeal, either on the grounds that prostitution should be illegal and therefore not government regulated or because it forced humiliating medical examinations upon women.	many early feminists fought for their repeal, either on the grounds that prostitution should be illegal and therefore not government regulated or because it forced degrading medical examinations upon women.
victoria wood writer, comedienne and actress was born in prestwich.	victoria wood writer, comedian and actress was born in prestwich.
another memorable scene from the video features kravitz singing while submerged up to his stomach in the ocean.	another scene from the video features kravitz singing while submerged up to his stomach in the ocean.
in september, ben cousins again reached the media spotlight, as he was the last person to see a depressed chris mainwaring (a former west coast eagles great ) before he died.	in september, ben cousins again reached the media spotlight, as he was the last person to see a depressed chris mainwaring (a former west coast eagles dual premiership player and dual all australian ) before he died.
"one replacement program, saddam cubs, offered ""summer camps"" where 10 to 15 year-old boys endured up to 14-hour days filled with hand-to-hand fighting drills."	"one replacement program, saddam cubs, offered ""summer camps"" where 10 to 15 year-old boys had up to 14-hour days filled with hand-to-hand fighting drills."
in 1973, card memorabilia associates published his book the major league coaches: 1921-1973. he is also a prominent baseball card collector, particularly of t-206 tobacco cards and other rare cards.	in 1973, card memorabilia associates published his book the major league coaches: 1921-1973. he is also a baseball card collector, particularly of t-206 tobacco cards and other rare cards.
she is best known for playing cho chang, first love interest for lead character harry potter, in the harry potter film series.	she is known for playing cho chang, first love interest for lead character harry potter, in the harry potter film series.
skeptics and opponents have variously asserted that he received the benefit of due process and has been legitimately convicted of murder, that the evidence in any case conclusively demonstrates his responsibility for the death of daniel faulkner, and that his continued imprisonment and/or eventual judicial execution is warranted in the circumstances.	skeptics and opponents have variously asserted that he received the benefit of due process and has been legitimately convicted of murder, that the evidence in any case conclusively demonstrates his responsibility for the murder of daniel faulkner, and that his continued imprisonment and/or eventual judicial execution is warranted in the circumstances.
during the health care reform debate of 2009-2010 that ended with the passage of the legislation by the democratic- dominated congress, republicans proposed striking provisions in the bill that would require medicare cost control.	during the health care reform debate of 2009-2010 that ended with the passage of the legislation by the democratic- controlled congress, republicans proposed striking provisions in the bill that would require medicare cost control.
no evidence exists to support such apocryphal claims.	no evidence exists to support such claims.
the idea that diet can materially affect blood ph, or that ph is related to a range of diseases, is nonsense .	the idea that diet can materially affect blood ph, or that ph is related to a range of diseases, is unproven .
yazid was a corrupt man but had more military strength than hussein and hussein was viciously killed at the battle of karbela.	yazid was a corrupt man but had more military strength than hussein and hussein was killed at the battle of karbela.
hartley hare, pig, topov and the gang were the stars of atv's legendary pre-school series which ran from january 1973 to 29 december 1981.	hartley hare, pig, topov and the gang were the stars of atv's pre-school series which ran from january 1973 to 29 december 1981.
after israel launched a self-proclaimed preemptive strike on egypt to begin the june 1967 war, syria joined the battle against israel as well.	after israel launched a preemptive strike on egypt to begin the june 1967 war, syria joined the battle against israel as well.
during the arrest, gibson was described as uncooperative, threatening officers, and he made several anti-semitic remarks to the main arresting officer, deputy james mee, who was jewish, and anti-social remarks to other officers.	during the arrest, gibson was described as uncooperative, threatening officers, and he made anti-semitic remarks to the main arresting officer, deputy james mee, who was jewish, and anti-social remarks to other officers.
was a turkic emperor from central asia who founded the mughal dynasty of india.	was a muslim emperor from central asia who founded the mughal dynasty of india.
bronson anthony arroyo ah-roy-yoh (born february 24, 1977 in key west, florida), is a popular major league baseball right-handed pitcher for the cincinnati reds and a rock musician.	bronson anthony arroyo ah-roy-yoh (born february 24, 1977 in key west, florida), is a major league baseball right-handed pitcher for the cincinnati reds and a rock musician.
when it was about 12 nautical miles off gaza, israeli shayetet 13 naval commandos boarded the vessel from speedboats, and took it over peacefully .	when it was about 12 nautical miles off gaza, israeli shayetet 13 naval commandos boarded the vessel from speedboats, and took it over.
prevalent ideas and ideals which evolved domestically such as important national holidays, uniquely american sports, proud military tradition, and innovations in the arts and entertainment give a strong sense of national pride among the population as a whole.	prevalent ideas and ideals which evolved domestically such as important national holidays, uniquely american sports, military tradition, and innovations in the arts and entertainment give a strong sense of national pride among the population as a whole.
the province of bumbunga was an australian secessionist micronation located on a farm near snowtown, (northeast of adelaide), south australia during the 1970s and 1980s.	the province of bumbunga claimed to be an australian secessionist micronation located on a farm near snowtown, (northeast of adelaide), south australia during the 1970s and 1980s.
"'48 garner anthony (william & mary) — director of cox enterprises and husband of barbara cox anthony (see anne cox chambers, together ranked #45 in 2007 on forbes 400) founder of la pietra: hawaii school for girls who ""gave half her income to charity, often anonymously"""	"'48 garner anthony (william & mary) — director of cox enterprises and spouse of barbara cox anthony (see anne cox chambers, together ranked #45 in 2007 on forbes 400) founder of la pietra: hawaii school for girls who ""gave half her income to charity, often anonymously"""
after 1992's masterpiece priest=aura, peter koppes departed the band and replacment drummer jay dee daugherty found other work, the church was now down to its two remaining founders, steve kilbey and marty willson-piper who soldiered on to create the majestic yet sometimes uneven sometime anywhere.	after 1992's priest=aura, peter koppes departed the band and replacment drummer jay dee daugherty found other work, the church was now down to its two remaining founders, steve kilbey and marty willson-piper who soldiered on to create the majestic yet sometimes uneven sometime anywhere.
absolutetelnet is a powerful terminal application (telnet, ssh, serial, dialup) for windows desktop platforms as well as windows mobile.	absolutetelnet is a terminal application (telnet, ssh, serial, dialup) for windows desktop platforms as well as windows mobile.
after the disastrous 1994 mid-term election where republicans took control of both houses of congress and gained considerable power in the states, clinton once again sought morris' help to prepare for the 1996 presidential election.	after the 1994 mid-term election where republicans took control of both houses of congress and gained considerable power in the states, clinton once again sought morris' help to prepare for the 1996 presidential election.
paul eddington, cbe (18 june 1927 - 4 november 1995) was an english actor best known for his appearances in the popular television sitcoms the good life and yes minister.	paul eddington, cbe (18 june 1927 - 4 november 1995) was an english actor known for his appearances in the popular television sitcoms the good life and yes minister.
"the first historical record of the word ""israel"" comes from an egyptian stele about campaigns in canaan which referred to a people (the determinative for 'country' was absent) in approximately 1211 bce."	"the first archeological record of the word ""israel"" comes from an egyptian stele about campaigns in canaan which referred to a people (the determinative for 'country' was absent) in approximately 1211 bce."
he summed up that self-concept at the end of his keynote speech at the macworld conference and expo in january 2007 by quoting ice hockey legend wayne gretzky:	he summed up that self-concept at the end of his keynote speech at the macworld conference and expo in january 2007 by quoting ice hockey player wayne gretzky:
reformed druidism boasts its lack of institutionalized dogma.	reformed druidism emphasizes its lack of institutionalized dogma.
the spider (an image traditionally used by anti-semites to dehumanize jews) is zionism, the web is woven from: slander, lies, provocations, anti-sovietism, jewish question, anti-communism.	the spider (an image traditionally used by anti-semites to depict jews) is zionism, the web is woven from: slander, lies, provocations, anti-sovietism, jewish question, anti-communism.
the stars included the singer and actress libertad lamarque, the stage actor pepe arias, the singer azucena maizani and the comedienne tita merello, all well-known theatre or tango performers.	the stars included the singer and actress libertad lamarque, the stage actor pepe arias, the singer azucena maizani and the comedian tita merello, all well-known theatre or tango performers.
purported advantages of mwi	advantages of mwi
the latter petition was the product of the george c. marshall institute, which is affiliated with a number of corporate-funded, far-right organizations known for global warming denialism .	the latter petition was the product of the george c. marshall institute, which is affiliated with a number of corporate-funded, conservative organizations known for global warming denialism .
joan peters is a former cbs journalist and author best known for her discredited book from time immemorial, published in 1984.	joan peters is a former cbs journalist and author best known for her controversial book from time immemorial, published in 1984.
", economist george selgin claims that ""as a monetary economist, rothbard was mediocre to bad."	", economist george selgin wrote that ""as a monetary economist, rothbard was mediocre to bad."
he attended perkiomen valley academy, in pennsylvania, but dropped out to join the caribbean anti-communist legion, created by dominican dictator rafael trujillo, with the intention of overthrowing fidel castro in cuba.	he attended perkiomen valley academy, in pennsylvania, but dropped out to join the caribbean anti-communist legion, created by dominican president rafael trujillo, with the intention of overthrowing fidel castro in cuba.
relying on the 11th red army of soviet russia operating in neighboring azerbaijan, the bolsheviks, attempted to seize control of a military school and government offices in the georgian capital tiflis on may 3. the georgian government suppressed the demonstrations in tiflis and concentrated forces on successfully blocking the advance of the russian troops on the azerbaijani-georgian border.	relying on the 11th red army of soviet russia operating in neighboring azerbaijan, the bolsheviks, attempted to take control of a military school and government offices in the georgian capital tiflis on may 3. the georgian government suppressed the demonstrations in tiflis and concentrated forces on successfully blocking the advance of the russian troops on the azerbaijani-georgian border.
a celebrity version of the series began to air on the nine network on 24 october 2011. it was won by comedienne julia morris, who beat choreographer and so you think you can dance australia judge jason coleman in the final boardroom	a celebrity version of the series began to air on the nine network on 24 october 2011. it was won by comedian julia morris, who beat choreographer and so you think you can dance australia judge jason coleman in the final boardroom
le grand meaulnes was nominated for, but did not win, the prestigious goncourt prize.	le grand meaulnes was nominated for, but did not win, the goncourt prize.
ripley gives her report about the vicious alien to a board of weyland-yutani executives, but is met with extreme skepticism, as all evidence of the creature was lost in the destruction of the nostromo.	ripley gives her report about the alien to a board of weyland-yutani executives, but is met with extreme skepticism, as all evidence of the creature was lost in the destruction of the nostromo.
he also writes a popular blog.	he also writes a blog.
more than any of his other films, the shining gave rise to the legend of kubrick as a megalomaniac perfectionist.	more than any of his other films, the shining gave rise to the legend of kubrick as a perfectionist.
the subject of hitler's homosexuality is also raised in walter c. langer's pioneering work the mind of adolf hitler and in waite's psychoanalytic history the psychopathic god: adolf hitler.	the question of hitler's homosexuality is also raised in walter c. langer's pioneering work the mind of adolf hitler and in waite's psychoanalytic history the psychopathic god: adolf hitler.
increasing use of moral waivers has implications for killing of noncombatants: john d. hutson, dean and president of the franklin pierce law center in new hampshire and former judge advocate general of the navy, said the military must tread carefully in deciding which criminals to accept.	increasing use of moral waivers has implications for killing of noncombatants: john d. hutson, dean and president of the franklin pierce law center in new hampshire and former judge advocate general of the navy, said the military must tread carefully in deciding which persons with criminal histories to accept.
they said there is no validity in the argument that same-sex marriage would threaten traditional marriage, because a gender-neutral marriage would have no greater impact on society than the current law and argued it was simply a matter of principle and equality.	they said there is no validity in the argument that same-sex marriage would threaten opposite-sex marriage, because a gender-neutral marriage would have no greater impact on society than the current law and argued it was simply a matter of principle and equality.
reubens was born paul rubenfeld in ciudad jurez, mexico, and grew up in mexico , guadalajara, where his parents, judy and milton, owned a lamp store.	reubens was born paul rubenfeld in ciudad jurez, mexico, and grew up in guadalajara, guadalajara, where his parents, judy and milton, owned a lamp store.
his work on the liberal rite, as well as his efforts to establish a very progressive branch of the one holy catholic and apostolic church are his greatest legacies.	his work on the liberal rite, as well as his efforts to establish a progressive branch of the one holy catholic and apostolic church are his greatest legacies.
on the surface both of these theories expressly violate occam's razor; proponents counter that in fact these solutions minimize entities by simplifying the rules that would be required to describe the universe.	on the surface both of these theories arguably violate occam's razor; proponents counter that in fact these solutions minimize entities by simplifying the rules that would be required to describe the universe.
they do this by adding additional records to their existing dns information: every domain name or host that has an a record or mx record deserves an spf record specifying the policy if it is used either in an email address or as helo/ehlo argument.	they do this by adding additional records to their existing dns information: every domain name or host that has an a record or mx record should have an spf record specifying the policy if it is used either in an email address or as helo/ehlo argument.
after chigurh resolutely treats his own leg wounds with stolen medication, he gets the drop on wells back at his hotel and kills him just as moss calls the room.	after chigurh treats his own leg wounds with stolen medication, he gets the drop on wells back at his hotel and kills him just as moss calls the room.
as the movie delves into the normal pace of our world from an extraordinary angle, it shows how absorbing the obsessions, joys and addictions of life can be, if truly observed.	as the movie delves into the normal pace of our world from an extraordinary angle, it attempts to demonstrate how absorbing the obsessions, joys and addictions of life can be, if truly observed.
douglas' japanese wife reiko often appeared, as did hungarian beauty queen zsa zsa gabor, french comedienne genevieve and several british performers appeared as well; paar enjoyed conversing with foreigners and knew their accents would spice up the proceedings.	douglas' japanese wife reiko often appeared, as did hungarian beauty queen zsa zsa gabor, french comedian genevieve and several british performers appeared as well; paar enjoyed conversing with foreigners and knew their accents would spice up the proceedings.
protein basics chart: tells how much and what kinds of proteins are required for different lifestyles and has great detailed charts showing how much protein is in various foods.	protein basics chart: tells how much and what kinds of proteins are required for different lifestyles and has detailed charts showing how much protein is in various foods.
"windows journal was not visibly updated since its introduction and eventually became obsolete, although it was tested for compatibility throughout the development of new versions of windows and patched for security holes as recently as may 2016. windows journal was available in the original july 2015 release of windows 10 and the november update, but it was secretly removed in the summer 2016 ""anniversary update."""	"windows journal was not visibly updated since its introduction and eventually became obsolete, although it was tested for compatibility throughout the development of new versions of windows and patched for security holes as recently as may 2016. windows journal was available in the original july 2015 release of windows 10 and the november update, but it was removed in the summer 2016 ""anniversary update."""
in buffalo, new york there is a francisco oller and diego rivera museum of art where manuel rivera-ortiz and other important artists have exhibited their work.	in buffalo, new york there is a francisco oller and diego rivera museum of art where manuel rivera-ortiz and other artists have exhibited their work.
"ninety percent of the buildings on the island were completely destroyed, and the lush tropical landscape was turned into ""a vast field of mud, lead, decay and maggots""."	"ninety percent of the buildings on the island were completely destroyed, and the tropical landscape was turned into ""a vast field of mud, lead, decay and maggots""."
in 1943, during world war ii, he enlisted in the border regiment and served in the burma campaign, recounted in his remarkable memoir quartered safe out here.	in 1943, during world war ii, he enlisted in the border regiment and served in the burma campaign, recounted in his memoir quartered safe out here.
the company owns over 1,100 full-power am, fm, and shortwave radio stations, ten satellite radio channels on xm satellite radio, and more than 30 television stations in the united states, among other media outlets in other countries.	the largest u.s. radio station owner owns over 1,100 full-power am, fm, and shortwave radio stations, ten satellite radio channels on xm satellite radio, and more than 30 television stations in the united states, among other media outlets in other countries.
salt air initially operated a grumman widgeon seaplane from the paihia waterfront offering scenic flights around the beautiful bay of islands.	salt air initially operated a grumman widgeon seaplane from the paihia waterfront offering scenic flights around the bay of islands.
donations to opponents of network neutrality	donations to opponents of net neutrality
muhammad chose her after her husband, along with the other men of the banu qurayza, were massacred .	muhammad chose her after her husband, along with the other men of the banu qurayza, were killed .
in november 2008, the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission (crtc) has scheduled a review of the internet traffic management of internet service providers (isps) and is still in the review process.	in november 2008, the canadian radio-television and telecommunications commission (crtc) scheduled a review of the internet traffic management of internet service providers (isps) and is still in the review process.
conference attendees included former ku klux klan imperial wizard and white nationalist ideologue david duke and disgraced french academic robert faurisson.	conference attendees included former ku klux klan imperial wizard and white nationalist ideologue david duke and french academic robert faurisson.
"following the september 11, 2001 attacks at least 2 us citizens, jos padilla and another, have been detained without charge, trial or prisoner of war status by order of the president as ""enemy combatants"", without congress even passing a statute allowing internment."	"following the september 11, 2001 attacks at least 2 us citizens, jos padilla and another, have been detained without charge, trial or prisoner of war status by order of the president as ""enemy combatants"", without congress passing a statute allowing internment."
this has since been changed, but the change has inevitably angered the people's republic of china .	this has since been changed, but the change has angered the people's republic of china .
the business is based on an insight forged in the 1990s explosion in amateur porn: the viewing demographic strongly prefers material that effectively establishes plausible circumstances wherein otherwise far-fetched sexual adventures could happen to the viewer himself .	the business is based on an insight forged in the 1990s explosion in amateur porn: the viewing demographic strongly prefers material that effectively establishes plausible circumstances wherein otherwise far-fetched sexual adventures could happen to the viewer.
cold fusion is a hypothetical type of nuclear reaction that would occur at, or near, room temperature.	cold fusion is a hypothesised type of nuclear reaction that would occur at, or near, room temperature.
1 & 2 balloon company of the royal flying corps in the week before the battle, the counterbattery artillery under command of lieutenant-colonel andrew mcnaughton fired 125,900 shells, harassing an estimated 83% of the enemy gun positions.	1 & 2 balloon company of the royal flying corps in the week before the battle, the counterbattery artillery under command of lieutenant-colonel andrew mcnaughton fired 125,900 shells, harassing an estimated 83% of the german gun positions.
the film spawned two unsuccessful sequels, 1991's class of nuke 'em high 2: subhumanoid meltdown and 1994's class of nuke 'em high 3: the good, the bad and the subhumanoid.	the film spawned two sequels, 1991's class of nuke 'em high 2: subhumanoid meltdown and 1994's class of nuke 'em high 3: the good, the bad and the subhumanoid.
"in fact, in accordance with other genetic studies, a recent genetic piece of research from 2007, contrasting european populations and other continental populations from asia and africa, claims: ""the spanish and basque groups are the furthest away from other continental groups, which is consistent with the suggestions that the iberian peninsula holds the most ancient european genetic ancestry"" ."	"in fact, in accordance with other genetic studies, a recent genetic piece of research from 2007, contrasting european populations and other populations from asia and africa, claims: ""the spanish and basque groups are the furthest away from other continental groups, which is consistent with the suggestions that the iberian peninsula holds the most ancient european genetic ancestry"" ."
political leaders on all sides agreed to support the general's return to power, except franois mitterrand, and the communist party ( which misguidedly denounced de gaulle as the agent of a fascist coup).	political leaders on all sides agreed to support the general's return to power, except franois mitterrand, and the communist party (which denounced de gaulle as the agent of a fascist coup).
atack is the daughter of actress/ comedienne kate robbins and musician keith atack, formerly of pop band child.	atack is the daughter of actress/ comedian kate robbins and musician keith atack, formerly of pop band child.
his overlordship over the cholas gained him some territories in tamil country as well.	his relationship over the cholas gained him some territories in tamil country as well.
the surrounding area is known for its natural beauty .	the surrounding area is known for its natural environment .
it is also the only town in belarus where the polish minority was allowed to use bilingual street signs.	it is also the only town in belarus where the polish population consisting the majority was allowed to use bilingual street signs.
languages with gender- neutral pronouns	languages with gender- inclusive pronouns
bah'u'llh's rising prestige in the city, and the revival of the persian bb community gained the attention of his enemies in islamic clergy and the persian government.	bah'u'llh's rising attention in the city, and the revival of the persian bb community gained the attention of his enemies in islamic clergy and the persian government.
both parties admitted the songs were recorded at roughly the same time with no knowledge of the other.	both parties have stated that the songs were recorded at roughly the same time with no knowledge of the other.
george felix allen (born march 8, 1952 in whittier, california) is a disgraced republican u.s. senator from virginia.	george felix allen (born march 8, 1952 in whittier, california) is a republican u.s. senator from virginia.
usaa offers a wide range of personal property and casualty (p&c) insurance including automobile insurance, homeowner insurance, renters insurance, and valuable personal property insurance.	usaa offers a range of personal property and casualty (p&c) insurance including automobile insurance, homeowner insurance, renters insurance, and valuable personal property insurance.
tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is an american supermodel , media personality, actress, occasional singer, author and businesswoman.	tyra lynne banks (born december 4, 1973) is an american model , media personality, actress, occasional singer, author and businesswoman.
as one of the world's premier tourist destinations, orlando's famous attractions form the backbone of its tourism industry: walt disney world, located approximately southwest of downtown orlando in bay lake, opened by the walt disney company in 1971; the universal orlando resort, opened in 1999 as a major expansion of universal studios florida; seaworld; gatorland; and wet 'n wild.	as one of the world's most visited tourist destinations, orlando's famous attractions form the backbone of its tourism industry: walt disney world, located approximately southwest of downtown orlando in bay lake, opened by the walt disney company in 1971; the universal orlando resort, opened in 1999 as a major expansion of universal studios florida; seaworld; gatorland; and wet 'n wild.
notable projects include pearl harbor (2001), bad boys ii (2003), bug (2006), before the devil knows you're dead (2007), the iceman (2012), man of steel (2013) and the shape of water (2017).	his projects include pearl harbor (2001), bad boys ii (2003), bug (2006), before the devil knows you're dead (2007), the iceman (2012), man of steel (2013) and the shape of water (2017).
the movie as a whole, including the car chase, makes excellent use of the san francisco bay area.	the movie as a whole, including the car chase, makes extensive use of the san francisco bay area.
the big bang is a consequence of the inferred hubble's law velocities of distant galaxies that when taken together with the cosmological principle imply that space is expanding according to the friedmann-lematre model of general relativity.	the big bang is a consequence of the observed hubble's law velocities of distant galaxies that when taken together with the cosmological principle imply that space is expanding according to the friedmann-lematre model of general relativity.
manual ecg event recorders require patient to be symptomatic and to activate the device to cause a recording to be made, this makes these dumb devices useless whilst, for example, the patient is sleeping.	manual ecg event recorders require patient to be symptomatic and to activate the device to cause a recording to be made, this makes these devices useless whilst, for example, the patient is sleeping.
"whitlock also claims that the initial publicity (including the supposed compact story that the noose incident triggered the other incidents, culminating in the beating) surrounding the jena six case was supposedly the result of serious distortions by bean, who allegedly ""spoon-fed"" his version of events to several media outlets and bloggers."	"whitlock also claims that the initial publicity (including the supposed compact story that the noose incident triggered the other incidents, culminating in the beating) surrounding the jena six case was supposedly the result of alleged distortions by bean, who allegedly ""spoon-fed"" his version of events to several media outlets and bloggers."
mormon, an adherent of the the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints or other latter day saint sect	mormon, an adherent of the the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints or other latter day saint denominations
the 'gallwey treaty', although it was never signed, became the legal basis for british invasion, occupation, and looting, culminating in the savage benin expedition of 1897, which destroyed the kingdom of benin.	the 'gallwey treaty', although it was never signed, became the legal basis for british invasion, occupation, and looting, culminating in the benin expedition of 1897, which destroyed the kingdom of benin.
mau mau failed to capture widespread public support, partly thanks to british divide and rule, and the movement remained internally divided, despite attempts to unify its various strands.	mau mau failed to capture widespread public support, partly due to british divide and rule, and the movement remained internally divided, despite attempts to unify its various strands.
campaigns against huntingdon appear to have succeeded in harming the company financially.	campaigns against huntingdon claim to have succeeded in harming the company financially.
"hicks once famously told an interviewer: ""i have a scoop for you."	"hicks once told an interviewer: ""i have a scoop for you."
marshall curry is an oscar-nominated documentary filmmaker from new jersey.	marshall curry is an american documentary filmmaker from new jersey.
alongside the delegates, the one young world summits feature distinguished guests who act as young world counselors.	alongside the delegates, the one young world summits feature guests who act as young world counselors.
however, when the begins its attacks on mankind with its and , he puts his psionic powers to the test.	however, when the begins its attacks on humankind with its and , he puts his psionic powers to the test.
"while the term ""climate skeptic"" generally refers to scientists taking good faith positions on the global warming controversy, climate change denial usually refers to disinformation campaigns alleged to be promoted and funded by groups with a financial interest in misrepresenting the scientific consensus on climate change, particularly groups with ties to the energy lobby."	"while the term ""climate skeptic"" generally refers to scientists taking good faith positions on the global warming controversy, climate change denial usually refers to campaigns alleged to be promoted and funded by groups with a financial interest in misrepresenting the scientific consensus on climate change, particularly groups with ties to the energy lobby."
in his weakened state, he recruits paul to help, despite their differences (paul is an avowed atheist) before he dies.	in his weakened state, he recruits paul to help, despite their differences (paul is an atheist) before he dies.
"chomsky's new essay, written in june 2011, examines the impact and consequences of us foreign policy up to the assassination of osama bin laden in abbottabad, pakistan, and reflects on what may have resulted if the crimes against humanity committed on 9/11 had been ""approached as a crime, with an international operation to apprehend the likely suspects."""	"chomsky's new essay, written in june 2011, examines the impact and consequences of us foreign policy up to the killing of osama bin laden in abbottabad, pakistan, and reflects on what may have resulted if the crimes against humanity committed on 9/11 had been ""approached as a crime, with an international operation to apprehend the likely suspects."""
stokes came up through the famous west ham united academy along with mark noble and kyel reid.	stokes came up through the west ham united academy along with mark noble and kyel reid.
mara eva duarte de pern (; 7 may 1919  26 july 1952) was the second wife of president juan pern (18951974) and served as the first man of argentina from 1946 until her death in 1952. she is never referred to as complicatedly eva pern, or by the affectionate spanish language diminutive evita.	mara eva duarte de pern (; 7 may 1919  26 july 1952) was the second wife of president juan pern (18951974) and served as the first man of argentina from 1946 until her death in 1952. she is never referred to as eva pern, or by the affectionate spanish language diminutive evita.
it was not until the sixteenth century that urban sprawl began to build over the adjoining fields, eventually taking over nearby villages such as marylebone and kensington, and gradually creating the vast greater london that exists today.	it was not until the sixteenth century that urban sprawl development to build over the adjoining fields, eventually taking over nearby villages such as marylebone and kensington, and gradually creating the vast greater london that exists today.
since then he is involved in film industry financing.	since then amanat is involved in film industry financing.
this unique social phenomenon was principally occasioned by the tobacco industry's manipulation of the burgeoning black, urban, segregated, consumer market in cities at that time.	this unique social phenomenon was principally occasioned by the tobacco industry's targeting of the burgeoning black, urban, segregated, consumer market in cities at that time.
saxena was arrested on 17 july, two days after the police had been lambasted by the court.	saxena was arrested on 17 july, two days after the police had been criticised by the court.
since 2007 he has been principal conductor of leading period orchestra the hanover band, having first worked with them in 2004. he guest-conducts regularly for the bbc singers, and makes further appearances with manchester camerata and the bbc concert orchestra(live radio3 broadcast, web video, digital television transmission and bbc label cd of britten 'st nicolas').	since 2007 he has been principal conductor of period orchestra the hanover band, having first worked with them in 2004. he guest-conducts regularly for the bbc singers, and makes further appearances with manchester camerata and the bbc concert orchestra(live radio3 broadcast, web video, digital television transmission and bbc label cd of britten 'st nicolas').
this class of locomotive was known as the schools class because all 40 of the class were named after prominent english public schools	this class of locomotive was known as the schools class because all 40 of the class were named after english public schools
the properties of lenses had been known since antiquity, and magnifying lenses had been widely studied during the middle ages and the centuries preceding the modern telescope's development.	the properties of lenses had been known since antiquity, and magnifying lenses had been widely studied during the middle ages and the centuries preceding the telescope's development.
in addition, the game contains some amusing meta-jokes:	in addition, the game contains some meta-jokes:
it also wrongly removes explicit identification of the pope as the antichrist.	it also removes explicit identification of the pope as the antichrist.
the newsmagazine 60 minutes reported in 1989 that cincinnati bell conspired with local police to wiretap local residents in search of alleged communist or criminal activity from 1972 to 1984.	the newsmagazine 60 minutes reported in 1989 that cincinnati bell cooperated with local police to wiretap local residents in search of alleged communist or criminal activity from 1972 to 1984.
gareth attended hatch end high school on headstone lane in hatch end, then lowlands college in harrow.	thomas attended hatch end high school on headstone lane in hatch end, then lowlands college in harrow.
on 23 june 1262 siemowit i was tragically killed at the hands of the lithuanian troops and his eldest son konrad ii was taken prisoner.	on 23 june 1262 siemowit i was killed at the hands of the lithuanian troops and his eldest son konrad ii was taken prisoner.
in 1909, the institute published a set of books called the fundamentals, which was a series of essays defending the traditional conservative interpretation of the holy bible in response to the growing influence of liberal interpretations.	in 1909, the institute published a set of books called the fundamentals, which was a series of essays defending the traditional conservative interpretation of the bible in response to the growing influence of liberal interpretations.
the club is named after ares, the god of war, whose image (as depicted in the so-called ludovisi ares) is portrayed on the club logo.	the club is named after ares, the god of war, whose image (as depicted in the ludovisi ares) is portrayed on the club logo.
a variety of conspiracy theories question the government account of the september 11, 2001 attacks in the united states.	a variety of conspiracy theories question the mainstream account of the september 11, 2001 attacks in the united states.
the original ross-loos medical group, medical offices and hospital sadly ended with this sale in 1999 some 70 years after its beginning.	the original ross-loos medical group, medical offices and hospital ended with this sale in 1999 some 70 years after its beginning.
along the western wall, there is a breathtaking view of the northern coast of cyprus, overlooking the city of kyrenia (girne), from the queen's window.	along the western wall, there is a scenic view of the northern coast of cyprus, overlooking the city of kyrenia (girne), from the queen's window.
whfs was a legendary rock station that broadcast from november 11, 1961 to january 12, 2005 on various frequencies in the washington area.	whfs was a rock station that broadcast from november 11, 1961 to january 12, 2005 on various frequencies in the washington area.
"madelyne ""maddie"" jennifer pryor-summers is a fictional supervillainess appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics, primarily featured off-and-on as an antagonist of the x-men."	"madelyne ""maddie"" jennifer pryor-summers is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics, primarily featured off-and-on as an antagonist of the x-men."
on 20 june the falklands were liberated and the war was declared over.	on 20 june the falklands were recovered by britain and the war was declared over.
"as a result, many have come to believe his claims (especially in the pseudoscientific community); however, some who are more skeptical hold that his claims are a hoax or possibly an example of kookery, and still others are taking a ""wait and see"" approach until there is definite evidence one way or the other."	"as a result, many have come to believe his claims (especially in the pseudoscientific community); however, many who are more skeptical hold that his claims are a hoax or possibly an example of kookery, and still others are taking a ""wait and see"" approach until there is definite evidence one way or the other."
there are many recordings of this fine work.	there are many recordings of this work.
"in a response to carr's criticism, wikipedia cofounder jimmy wales admitted that the wikipedia articles quoted by carr ""are, quite frankly, a horrific"	"in a response to carr's criticism, wikipedia founder jimmy wales admitted that the wikipedia articles quoted by carr ""are, quite frankly, a horrific"
butter is a delicious dairy product made by churning fresh or fermented cream or milk.	butter is a dairy product made by churning fresh or fermented cream or milk.
there is also a device called 'the screen machine' which can do this for you automatically - legitimate callers press the 5 key to gain access.	there is also a device called 'the screen machine' which can do this for you automatically - non-sales callers press the 5 key to gain access.
"hugok and baengma are notable for their hagwons (, ""cram school""), where many prestigious hagwons are present."	"hugok and baengma are notable for their hagwons (, ""cram school""), where many hagwons are present."
the city's public transit service, mississauga transit, provides adequate bus service across the city, and connects to the toronto transit commission's subway, go transit (which provides an extensive intercity bus service), oakville transit, and brampton transit.	the city's public transit service, mississauga transit, provides bus service across the city, and connects to the toronto transit commission's subway, go transit (which provides an extensive intercity bus service), oakville transit, and brampton transit.
thus the time depth of the proposed inland penutian branch alone approaches the limits of what traditional historical reconstruction can determine.	thus the time depth of the proposed inland penutian branch alone approaches the limits of what traditional historical reconstruction is usually said to be able to determine.
"conservative columnist andrew coyne called the choice of johnston ""outstanding""."	"maclean's columnist andrew coyne called the choice of johnston ""outstanding""."
vera is a british crime drama series based on novels of the same name, written by acclaimed crime writer ann cleeves.	vera is a british crime drama series based on novels of the same name, written by crime writer ann cleeves.
"the forcible relocation and internment of approximately 110,000 japanese nationals and japanese americans to ""war relocation camps"" during world war ii was enthusiastically supported by the times, which wrote:"	"the forcible relocation and internment of approximately 110,000 japanese nationals and japanese americans to ""war relocation camps"" during world war ii was supported by the times, which wrote:"
in 2005 at national board of review awards dinner in new york city, eastwood threatened that he would kill the liberal filmmaker michael moore if ever moore showed up at his home with a camera, probably a reference to moore's controversial interview with eastwood's friend, the movie star and second amendment advocate charlton heston for the movie bowling for columbine.	in 2005 at national board of review awards dinner in new york city, eastwood stated that he would kill the liberal filmmaker michael moore if ever moore showed up at his home with a camera, probably a reference to moore's controversial interview with eastwood's friend, the movie star and second amendment advocate charlton heston for the movie bowling for columbine.
on 31 december 2015 he co-hosted the abc's disgraceful coverage of sydney's new years eve celebrations.	on 31 december 2015 he co-hosted the abc's coverage of sydney's new years eve celebrations.
heather marks (born july 25, 1988) is a canadian supermodel .	heather marks (born july 25, 1988) is a canadian model .
they were released unharmed, but only after being paraded blindfolded on iranian tv and made to apologise for their role in the incident.	they were released unharmed, but only after being presented blindfolded on iranian tv and made to apologise for their role in the incident.
murder, torture, rape, and horrible abuse of prisoners was common.	murder, torture, rape, and abuse of prisoners was common.
many neutral scholars do not view abraham as a historical figure but essentially as a legendary character .	many scholars do not view abraham as a historical figure but essentially as a legendary character .
noc-a-homa was eventually replaced as the mascot by the characters homer and rally, most likely due to concerns over racism .	noc-a-homa was eventually replaced as the mascot by the characters homer and rally, most likely due to concerns over native american stereotyping .
not only did the us navy supply vehicles and equipment for the film, they exploited its success by having recruitment booths in some theatres to lure outgoing patrons.	not only did the us navy supply vehicles and equipment for the film, they used its success by having recruitment booths in some theatres to lure outgoing patrons.
"{ lat = ""34.079"", long = ""38.432"", mark = ""location dot lime .svg"", marksize = ""6"", label = ""al halbah"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""top"" },"	"{ lat = ""34.079"", long = ""38.432"", mark = ""location dot black .svg"", marksize = ""6"", label = ""al halbah"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""top"" },"
to avoid confusion, it is now best referred to as the mozilla application framework.	to avoid confusion, it is now referred to as the mozilla application framework.
critics have noted that the sec's makeup may have influenced the conclusions of the investigation, although no evidence of impropriety has been found.	critics have contended that the sec's makeup may have influenced the conclusions of the investigation, although no evidence of impropriety has been found.
official statements from the church's hierarchy continue to be consistent in terms of the traditional recognition that homosexual behavior is sinful and thus damaging to the human person, that homosexual temptation is a subject for ascetic struggle, and that it is god who makes us what we are, not surgery.	official statements from the church's hierarchy continue to be consistent in terms of the traditional position that homosexual behavior is sinful and thus damaging to the human person, that homosexual temptation is a subject for ascetic struggle, and that it is god who makes us what we are, not surgery.
generally, the products of the hds process also contain gypsum and unreacted lime, which enhance both its settleability and resistance to re-acidification and metal mobilization .	generally, the products of the hds process also contain gypsum and unreacted lime, which enhance both its settleability and resistance to re-acidification and metal mobiization .
"the english chronicler geoffrey of monmouth, who offered a genealogy of british kings that linked them to the fall of troy and whose twelfth century history and is not considered a reliable source by modern historians, claimed that the helena, constantine's mother, was actually the daughter of ""king cole"", the mythical king of the britons."	"the english chronicler geoffrey of monmouth, who offered a genealogy of british kings that linked them to the fall of troy and whose twelfth century history is not considered a reliable source by modern historians, claimed that the helena, constantine's mother, was actually the daughter of ""king cole"", the mythical king of the britons."
barbara oliver hagerman o.pei (born february 9, 1943 in hartland, new brunswick) is a talented canadian music teacher and performer and is currently prince edward island's fortieth lieutenant-governor.	barbara oliver hagerman o.pei (born february 9, 1943 in hartland, new brunswick) is a canadian music teacher and performer and is currently prince edward island's fortieth lieutenant-governor.
he is one of the revolutionary preachers, along with john tillotson and louis bourdaloue, who began the transition from baroque to neoclassical preaching.	he is one of the preachers, along with john tillotson and louis bourdaloue, who began the transition from baroque to neoclassical preaching.
alternative designs by sir charles barry, the designer of the houses of parliament, although far superior, were rejected.	alternative designs by sir charles barry, the designer of the houses of parliament, although now regarded by some as superior, were rejected.
heinz rkker (born 20 october 1920) is a former german luftwaffe night fighter ace and recipient of the knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves during world war ii the knight's cross of the iron cross and its higher grade oak leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.	heinz rkker (born 20 october 1920) is a former german luftwaffe night fighter pilot and recipient of the knight's cross of the iron cross with oak leaves during world war ii the knight's cross of the iron cross and its higher grade oak leaves was awarded to recognise extreme battlefield bravery or successful military leadership.
the inquisition, as an ecclesiastical tribunal, theoretically had jurisdiction only over baptized christians.	the inquisition, as an ecclesiastical tribunal, had jurisdiction only over baptized christians.
with the success of fox news channel, msnbc tried to copy the fox news channel's emphasis on opinion hosts.	with the success of fox news channel, msnbc tried to emulate the fox news channel's emphasis on opinion hosts.
1988: iran air flight 655 tragedy	1988: iran air flight 655
sedition is a deprecated term of law to refer to covert conduct such as speech and organization that is deemed by the legal authority as tending toward insurrection against the established order.	sedition is a term of law to refer to covert conduct such as speech and organization that is deemed by the legal authority as tending toward insurrection against the established order.
"during the first hundred years of the restoration movement, ""disciples of christ,"" ""christian church,"" and ""church of christ"" were all commonly used titles for congregations associated with the restoration movement."	"during the first hundred years of the restoration movement, ""disciples of christ,"" ""christian church,"" and ""church of christ"" were all commonly used titles for congregations associated with the campbell-stone movement."
the film, another adult tale of youth gone awry, was not distributed in the us and was stupidly banned in australia due to unsimulated scenes of sexual intercourse involving teens (played by actors who were 18 or over).	the film, another adult tale of youth gone awry, was not distributed in the us and was banned in australia due to unsimulated scenes of sexual intercourse involving teens (played by actors who were 18 or over).
the bryant park grill and bryant park cafe have become popular after-work spots, and 'wichcraft, the high-quality sandwich chain owned by tom colicchio, operates four kiosks on the park's west end.	the bryant park grill and bryant park cafe have become popular after-work spots, and 'wichcraft, the sandwich chain owned by tom colicchio, operates four kiosks on the park's west end.
the bangladesh steel re-rolling mills, commonly known as bsrm, is a major bangladeshi steel manufacturing conglomerate based in chittagong.	the bangladesh steel re-rolling mills, commonly known as bsrm, is a bangladeshi steel manufacturing conglomerate based in chittagong.
currently, the atom-optic imaging systems are not competitive with electron microscopy and various methods of near-field probe.	currently, the atom-optic imaging systems are not competitive with electron microscopy and various types of near-field probe.
"she is president, chairman and chief executive officer of e. i. du pont de nemours and company (""dupont"") in wilmington and a former director of general motors."	"she is president, chairperson and chief executive officer of e. i. du pont de nemours and company (""dupont"") in wilmington and a former director of general motors."
"but charles incongruously loved not only war but music, appreciating and rewarding busnois for works composed while in his service, who was also listed along with hayne van ghizeghem and adrien basin as ""chantre et valet de chambre"" to charles in 1467."	"but charles loved not only war but music, appreciating and rewarding busnois for works composed while in his service, who was also listed along with hayne van ghizeghem and adrien basin as ""chantre et valet de chambre"" to charles in 1467."
after five years of martyrdom , he was on his native soil, but he was immediately locked up from 1 july 1899 in the military prison in rennes.	after five years of imprisonment , he was on his native soil, but he was immediately locked up from 1 july 1899 in the military prison in rennes.
in addition, some question the merit of leading young students to recite words which they largely do not understand.	in addition, some question the merit of leading young students to recite words which they often do not understand.
some of the other notable locations on this property include hard rock cafe and shiro restaurant.	some of the other locations on this property include hard rock cafe and shiro restaurant.
syrian government forces capture the strategic city of homs after three years of siege and a ceasefire agreement allowing rebel withdrawal.	syrian government forces capture the city of homs after three years of siege and a ceasefire agreement allowing rebel withdrawal.
ethiopia - received a german diplomatic mission trying to convince it to act against the british in africa	- received a german diplomatic mission trying to convince it to act against the british in africa
the duchess is the honourary secretary of the northern ireland centre for trauma & transformation in omagh, county tyrone, site of a horrific 1999 bombing that left 29 people dead (one of whom was pregnant with twins).	the duchess is the honourary secretary of the northern ireland centre for trauma & transformation in omagh, county tyrone, site of a 1999 bombing that left 29 people dead (one of whom was pregnant with twins).
"selma was nominated for her role for an mtv movie award for ""best breakthrough performance"" and won for ""best kiss"" with gellar."	"blair was nominated for her role for an mtv movie award for ""best breakthrough performance"" and won for ""best kiss"" with gellar."
the waltham centre for pet nutrition, also mentioned in tv advertisements for dog food, is unsurprisingly based here as well.	the waltham centre for pet nutrition, also mentioned in tv advertisements for dog food, is based here as well.
in august 2015, conway became the president of the promise i super-pac, which supported the 2016 presidential campaign of texas senator ted cruz and was funded by hedge-fund tycoon robert mercer.	in august 2015, conway became the president of the promise i super-pac, which supported the 2016 presidential campaign of texas senator ted cruz and was funded by hedge-fund executive robert mercer.
since the majority of the united nations security council members (both permanent and rotating) did not support the attack, it appears that they viewed the attack as invalid under any resolution still in effect in march, 2003. subsequent alleged revelations about the undermining sanctions and the corruption of the oil for food program have called the good faith of the council into question on this matter, perticulary in the countries whose governments supported the invasion.	since the majority of the united nations security council members (both permanent and rotating) did not support the attack, it appears that they viewed the attack as invalid under any resolution still in effect in march, 2003. subsequent alleged revelations about the undermining sanctions and the corruption of the oil for food program have called the good faith of the council into question on this matter, particulary in the countries whose governments supported the invasion.
in 2001, the year of his death, a major exhibit at the maison de la culture frontenac in montreal, along with the release of filmmaker pepita ferrari's joseph giunta: a silent triumph, served to pay a fitting tribute to the artist, repositioning giunta within the artistic scene in quebec and canada.	in 2001, the year of his death, a major exhibit at the maison de la culture frontenac in montreal, along with the release of filmmaker pepita ferrari's joseph giunta: a silent triumph, served to pay a tribute to the artist, repositioning giunta within the artistic scene in quebec and canada.
amati signed with the dying brabham team in january 1992 to partner eric van de poele after the team was unable to sign japanese f3000 driver akihiko nakaya because he was not granted a superlicence due to the fia not recognising the japanese f3000 series as a stepping stone in motor racing.	amati signed with the brabham team in january 1992 to partner eric van de poele after the team was unable to sign japanese f3000 driver akihiko nakaya because he was not granted a superlicence due to the fia not recognising the japanese f3000 series as a stepping stone in motor racing.
other punitive positioning contraptions	other punitive positioning devices
some islamic scholars faced questions that they felt were not specifically answered in the qur'an, especially questions with regard to philosophical conundra like the nature of god, the possibility of human free will, or the eternal existence of the qur'an.	some islamic scholars faced questions that they felt were not specifically answered in the qur'an, especially questions with regard to philosophical conundra like the nature of god, the existence of human free will, or the eternal existence of the qur'an.
"a harmless ""discussion group"" of politicians, media moguls, academics and business leaders"	"a ""discussion group"" of politicians, media moguls, academics and business leaders"
he was best known for his role as thelma evans' husband, keith anderson, during the sixth and final season of the 1970s tv show good times (19781979).	he was known for his role as thelma evans' husband, keith anderson, during the sixth and final season of the 1970s tv show good times (19781979).
the conference also warned that, if action to reduce emissions is delayed by 20 years, rates of emission reduction may need to be 3 to 7 times greater to meet the same temperature target.	the conference also claimed that, if action to reduce emissions is delayed by 20 years, rates of emission reduction may need to be 3 to 7 times greater to meet the same temperature target.
"the company has since developed primarily into a platform- agnostic software company, known as a ""third-party publisher"", that creates games that will launch on a variety of game consoles produced by other companies, many of them former rivals, the first of which was a port of chu chu rocket to nintendo's game boy advance."	"the company has since developed primarily into a platform- neutral software company, known as a ""third-party publisher"", that creates games that will launch on a variety of game consoles produced by other companies, many of them former rivals, the first of which was a port of chu chu rocket to nintendo's game boy advance."
asher kushnir is a well-known russian-speaking rabbi, lecturer and specialist on childrearing and family relationships.	asher kushnir is a russian-speaking rabbi, lecturer and specialist on childrearing and family relationships.
"intent and use of cp/cms: creasy provides this fascinating insight: ""cms was developed to support its own development and maintenance and maintain the other components of vm/370."	"intent and use of cp/cms: creasy provides this insight: ""cms was developed to support its own development and maintenance and maintain the other components of vm/370."
a series of billboards and tv commercials have been made in an effort to show residents that their country is still able to produce products such as motor vehicles.	a series of billboards and tv commercials have been made in an effort to show residents that their country is able to produce products such as motor vehicles.
bluebeard is the title character in a famous fairy tale about a violent nobleman and his inquisitive wife.	bluebeard is the title character in a famous fairy tale about a violent nobleman and his over-curious wife.
prior to the iran-iraq war, u.s.-iraqi relations were friendly .	prior to the iran-iraq war, u.s.-iraqi relations were cool .
takechi's black snow 1965, resulted in the director's arrest on charges of obscenity, and a high-profile trial which became a major battle between japan's intellectuals and the conservative establishment.	takechi's black snow 1965, resulted in the director's arrest on charges of obscenity, and a high-profile trial which became a major battle between japan's intellectuals and the establishment.
the successful attack by terrorists in a speedboat packed with explosives on the uss cole in 2000 is another extension of the idea.	the successful attack by yemeni militants in a speedboat packed with explosives on the uss cole in 2000 is another extension of the idea.
then knowing that they were rose bowl-bound before they even took the field, the hawkeyes dropped their final road game at minnesota, 31-24. in that game, tony stewart became (at least at that time) the hawkeyes all-time leading rusher, though unfortunately he lost a key fumble on that play.	then knowing that they were rose bowl-bound before they even took the field, the hawkeyes dropped their final road game at minnesota, 31-24. in that game, tony stewart became (at least at that time) the hawkeyes all-time leading rusher, though he lost a key fumble on that play.
( npov note: the presence of the last 2 links are for those seeking further information on international law in general.	( neutral point of view note: the presence of the last 2 links are for those seeking further information on international law in general.
"st. king guntram had something of that fraternal love which his brothers lacked; the preeminent chronicler of the period, st. gregory of tours, often called him ""good king guntram"", as noted in the quotation below from the former's decem libri historiarum, in which st. gregory discussed the fate of guntram's three marriages:"	"king guntram had something of that fraternal love which his brothers lacked; the preeminent chronicler of the period, st. gregory of tours, often called him ""good king guntram"", as noted in the quotation below from the former's decem libri historiarum, in which st. gregory discussed the fate of guntram's three marriages:"
gentry claim that his critics are not able to supply actual scientific evidence to combat his work.	gentry states that his critics are not able to supply actual scientific evidence to combat his work.
it also runs telephone betting systems and football game betting, and has expanded its operations from the greek market into a number of other countries, including the us, israel, chile, russia, romania, bulgaria, the fyrom , and malta.	it also runs telephone betting systems and football game betting, and has expanded its operations from the greek market into a number of other countries, including the us, israel, chile, russia, romania, bulgaria, the republic of macedonia , and malta.
apart from the ruins there is a significant stretch of beach.	apart from the ruins there is a stretch of beach.
"youngsters can be seen standing around the station with their friends, especially on saturday nights, due to it's proximity to the infamous ""cathouse"" nightclub."	"youngsters can be seen standing around the station with their friends, especially on saturday nights, due to it's proximity to the ""cathouse"" nightclub."
although doherty's treatment of the issue has made no impact on mainstream scholarly debate, his views have received considerable attention on the internet.	although doherty's treatment of the issue has made no impact on scholarly debate, his views have received considerable attention on the internet.
"fair has frequently criticized us media coverage of venezuelan president hugo chvez, taking issue with the assertion that ""hugo chvez is an autocrat who has consolidated one-party rule."""	"fair has criticized us media coverage of venezuelan president hugo chvez, taking issue with the assertion that ""hugo chvez is an autocrat who has consolidated one-party rule."""
the dunmanway massacre refers to the killing of ten protestants informers, but also including two relatives of the informers and the disappearance and presumed death of another three in and around dunmanway, county cork during 2628 april 1922. it is not clear who ordered the attacks or carried them out, but sinn fin representatives (pro-treaty and anti-treaty) immediately condemned the killings.	the dunmanway massacre refers to the killing of ten alleged protestant informers, but also including two relatives of the informers and the disappearance and presumed death of another three in and around dunmanway, county cork during 2628 april 1922. it is not clear who ordered the attacks or carried them out, but sinn fin representatives (pro-treaty and anti-treaty) immediately condemned the killings.
dwyer's case has become a favorite of a small number of journalism professors to demonstrate that news editors (especially in the medium of television) must be prepared to make instant decisions, weighing the psychological impact on viewers against their business sense of beating other media outlets to the story.	dwyer's case has become a favorite of a number of journalism professors to demonstrate that news editors (especially in the medium of television) must be prepared to make instant decisions, weighing the psychological impact on viewers against their business sense of beating other media outlets to the story.
in south bend he was one of the founders of the dodge manufacturing company and of the first national bank, where he was a director until his passing .	in south bend he was one of the founders of the dodge manufacturing company and of the first national bank, where he was a director until his death .
his songs are poignant commentaries of the political and social reality of greece.	his songs are caustic commentaries of the political and social reality of greece.
"he future stated ""we regret that a produced comedy bit that was in bad taste slipped through our normal vetting process."	"he further stated ""we regret that a produced comedy bit that was in bad taste slipped through our normal vetting process."
70 former u.s. attorneys deliver a letter to jeff sessions, urging that he end his dangerous, expensive, zero tolerance migrant policy, which inhumanely separates children at the border, calling it inconsistent with the values of the institution in which we served.	70 former u.s. attorneys deliver a letter to jeff sessions, urging that he end his dangerous, expensive, zero tolerance migrant policy, which separates children at the border, calling it inconsistent with the values of the institution in which we served.
for this reason salamanca is enormously popular with people all over the world who want to learn spanish.	for this reason salamanca is popular with people all over the world who want to learn spanish.
the hive ship explodes with ford presumably on board, although sheppard admits that ford is resourceful and may have escaped.	the hive ship explodes with ford presumably on board, although sheppard notes that ford is resourceful and may have escaped.
from april to december 2007, godaddy donated a total of $4,600 to notorious network neutrality opponent sen. ted stevens and $4,000 to sen. john mccain, who is also opposed to network neutrality.	from april to december 2007, godaddy donated a total of $4,600 to network neutrality opponent sen. ted stevens and $4,000 to sen. john mccain, who is also opposed to network neutrality.
villle's plans were assisted by the death of louis xviii and the accession of his bigoted brother, charles x, a staunch believer in absolute monarchy.	villle's plans were assisted by the death of louis xviii and the accession of his brother, charles x, a staunch believer in absolute monarchy.
"the well-received series was among the items featured in the bowling green state university exhibition ""the atomic age opens: selections from the popular culture library."""	"the series was among the items featured in the bowling green state university exhibition ""the atomic age opens: selections from the popular culture library."""
notable hospitals in edinburgh include the royal infirmary of edinburgh, which includes edinburgh university medical school, and the western general hospital, which includes a large cancer treatment centre.	hospitals in edinburgh include the royal infirmary of edinburgh, which includes edinburgh university medical school, and the western general hospital, which includes a large cancer treatment centre.
"in the year of her passing , she was named a louisiana ""living legend"" by the louisiana."	"in the year of her death , she was named a louisiana ""living legend"" by the louisiana."
upon his return to frankfurt, adorno was involved with the reconstitution of german intellectual life through debates with karl popper on the limitations of positivist science, critiques of heidegger's jargon of authenticity, writings on german responsibility for the holocaust, and continued interventions into matters of public policy.	upon his return to frankfurt, adorno was involved with the reconstitution of german intellectual life through debates with karl popper on the limitations of positivist science, critiques of heidegger's language of authenticity, writings on german responsibility for the holocaust, and continued interventions into matters of public policy.
as the community grew, a more heterogeneous mix of people joined the group including traditional jews, as well as orthodox jews, though the city has kept its predominantly secular nature.	as the community grew, a more heterogeneous mix of people joined the group including traditional jews, as well as religious jews, though the city has kept its predominantly secular nature.
ma'ale rehav'am , is an israeli outpost south of bethlehem and northeast of hebron in the west bank, located in the northeastern judean mountains on road 3698.	ma'ale rehav'am , is an israeli settlement south of bethlehem and northeast of hebron in the west bank, located in the northeastern judean mountains on road 3698.
"list of sites using the term ""religion of peace"" sincerely"	"list of sites using the term ""religion of peace"" seriously"
"non-nordics, under the nazi misinterpretation of the term ""aryan"") in a racial hierarchy that placed the herrenvolk (""master race"") of the volksgemeinschaft (""people's community"") at the top."	"non-nordics, under the nazi appropriation of the term ""aryan"") in a racial hierarchy that placed the herrenvolk (""master race"") of the volksgemeinschaft (""people's community"") at the top."
salads of this type are best for picnics and outings, since they require little refrigeration.	salads of this type are often used for picnics and outings, since they require little refrigeration.
sir philip dilley resigned as chairman of the environment agency on 11 january 2016. sir philip claimed he was stepping down because expectations of his role have changed to mean he has to be available at short notice throughout the year.	sir philip dilley resigned as chairman of the environment agency on 11 january 2016. sir philip stated he was stepping down because expectations of his role have changed to mean he has to be available at short notice throughout the year.
the victor american hastings mine disaster was a terrible fire at the victor american fuel company coal mine in hastings, colorado on april 27, 1917 in which 121 people died.	the victor american hastings mine disaster was a fire at the victor american fuel company coal mine in hastings, colorado on april 27, 1917 in which 121 people died.
"detractors say that there is no evidence for the claims that astrologers can predict the future and maintain that astrology is a ""pseudo-science"" at best."	"detractors say there is no evidence for the claims that astrologers can predict the future and maintain that astrology is a ""pseudo-science"" at best."
the odour is a nice dry-woody, earthy sweet smell, a yellow or amber-coloured to pale orange-brown liquid.	the odour is a dry-woody, earthy sweet smell, a yellow or amber-coloured to pale orange-brown liquid.
the living wage is higher than the minimum wage and is designed that a full-time worker would be able to support herself and a small family at that wage.	the living wage is higher than the minimum wage and is designed that a full-time worker would be able to support themselves and a small family at that wage.
"it was replaced with the more neutral label ""can affect your health negatively""."	"it was replaced with the more vague label ""can affect your health negatively""."
during prime minister's questions on 13 july 2011, he was humiliated by john bercow, the speaker of the house of commons, who told him that if he couldn't behave like an adult in the chamber, then he ought to leave.	during prime minister's questions on 13 july 2011, he was criticised by john bercow, the speaker of the house of commons, who told him that if he couldn't behave like an adult in the chamber, then he ought to leave.
bernt wilmar carlsson (born 1938 in stockholm, sweden) was united nations commissioner for namibia from july 1987 until he died on pan am flight 103 which was destroyed over lockerbie, scotland on december 21, 1988.	bernt wilmar carlsson (born 1938 in stockholm, sweden) was united nations commissioner for namibia from july 1987 until he died on pan am flight 103 which was blown up over lockerbie, scotland on december 21, 1988.
it is hosted mainly by triathlete mother christine jacob-sandejas and originally co-hosted by comedienne giselle sanchez and binibining pilipinas universe 2011 shamcey supsup.	it is hosted mainly by triathlete mother christine jacob-sandejas and originally co-hosted by comedian giselle sanchez and binibining pilipinas universe 2011 shamcey supsup.
taboo is a successful stage musical scored by and starring boy george.	taboo is a stage musical scored by and starring boy george.
tiger inn, a prestigious princeton university eating club.	tiger inn, a princeton university eating club.
chapter 2 of the faa sets forth the statutory basis for an american court to issue a stay in connection with contracts falling within the ambit of the new york convention.	chapter 2 of the federal arbitration act sets forth the statutory basis for an american court to issue a stay in connection with contracts falling within the ambit of the new york convention.
according to the cato institute, a libertarian research organization, wal-mart associates receive the fair wage that consumers are willing to pay for that service.	according to the cato institute, a libertarian research organization, wal-mart employees receive the fair wage that consumers are willing to pay for that service.
famous members of the group include spinosaurus, megalosaurus, and torvosaurus.	members of the group include spinosaurus, megalosaurus, and torvosaurus.
just days later, on april 26, 2007, upon arriving at the sydney airport in sydney, australia to attend the mtv australia video music awards, hilton was served with a lawsuit by celebrity photo agency photonews claiming c$4,200 in damages for his alleged unauthorized use of a single copyrighted paparazzi photograph of john mayer and jessica simpson.	days later, on april 26, 2007, upon arriving at the sydney airport in sydney, australia to attend the mtv australia video music awards, hilton was served with a lawsuit by celebrity photo agency photonews claiming c$4,200 in damages for his alleged unauthorized use of a single copyrighted paparazzi photograph of john mayer and jessica simpson.
"the syngman rhee line (hangul: ) refers to a boundary line established by south korean president syngman rhee in his ""peace line"" declaration of january 18, 1952, marking dokdo as korean territory."	"the syngman rhee line (hangul: ) refers to a boundary line established by south korean president syngman rhee in his ""peace line"" declaration of january 18, 1952, marking liancourt rocks as korean territory."
lloyd died in atlantic city, new jersey at age 80, 12 years too soon to see his belated 1977 induction into the baseball hall of fame.	lloyd died in atlantic city, new jersey at age 80, 12 years too soon to see his 1977 induction into the baseball hall of fame.
a famous victorian apparition was the strange appearance of vice-admiral sir george tryon.	a famous victorian apparition was the supposed appearance of vice-admiral sir george tryon.
his death was caused by head injuries sustained in a hit and run accident while riding his bicycle on september 12th.	his death was caused by head injuries sustained in a hit and run collision while riding his bicycle on september 12th.
above the tunnel exists a park that was named after former phoenix mayor margaret taylor hance a few months after her passing in 1990. during her mayorship, hance was a strong proponent of the tunnel and the park.	above the tunnel exists a park that was named after former phoenix mayor margaret taylor hance a few months after her death in 1990. during her mayorship, hance was a strong proponent of the tunnel and the park.
romeo plays the role of the stereotypical cool, tough guy and sometimes bernie's rival.	romeo plays the role of the cool, tough guy and sometimes bernie's rival.
one notorious example was the february 2006 google removal of both bmw germany and ricoh germany for use of deceptive practices.	one example was the february 2006 google removal of both bmw germany and ricoh germany for use of deceptive practices.
the song only had three television appearances.	the song had three television appearances.
according to the 19th-century historian, e. sayous, anna comnena also associated the vlachs with the dacians in her alexiad.	according to the 19th-century historian, e. sayous, anna comnena associated the vlachs with the dacians in her alexiad.
wendy austin is a journalist and broadcaster with bbc northern ireland, and co-presenter of bbc radio ulsters flagship news and current affairs programme good morning ulster.	wendy austin is a journalist and broadcaster with bbc northern ireland, and co-presenter of bbc radio ulsters breakfast news and current affairs programme good morning ulster.
during the first slovak republic (1939-1945), hlinka was considered by the fascist regime as a national hero.	during the first slovak republic (1939-1945), hlinka was considered by the regime as a national hero.
a golden achaemenid rhyton, one of the items in the panagyurishte treasure, dating from the 4th to 3rd centuries bc.	a golden rhyton, one of the items in the panagyurishte treasure, dating from the 4th to 3rd centuries bc.
the woman who had given much of the evidence later confessed in court she had lied, and the children's false revelations were found to be unreliable.	the woman who had given much of the evidence later confessed in court she had lied, and the children's revelations were found to be unreliable.
many wrestlers are afraid to face him.but the fans love him.	many wrestlers are afraid to face new jack, but the fans love him.
al franken is a self-proclaimed political satirist .	al franken is a political satirist.
ayn rand (; born alisa zinov'yevna rosenbaum; march 6, 1982) was a russian-born american novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, who later in her career became an essayist and amateur philosopher.	ayn rand (; born alisa zinov'yevna rosenbaum; march 6, 1982) was a russian-born american novelist, playwright, and screenwriter, who later in her career became an essayist and non-academic philosopher.
sooner or later is a song recorded by american pop superstar madonna and written by american composer stephen sondheim for the 1990 film dick tracy.	sooner or later is a song recorded by american pop singer madonna and written by american composer stephen sondheim for the 1990 film dick tracy.
for fans of john d. macdonald's travis mcgee novels, smith did a nice turn as chief heavy terry bartell in darker than amber, opposite rod taylor and theodore bikel, in 1970. he also appeared in the 1983 classic film the outsiders as a store clerk, but his starring roles typically had titles such as grave of the vampire, invasion of the bee girls, and the swinging barmaids.	for fans of john d. macdonald's travis mcgee novels, smith did a turn as chief heavy terry bartell in darker than amber , opposite rod taylor and theodore bikel, in 1970. he also appeared in the 1983 classic film the outsiders as a store clerk, but his starring roles typically had titles such as grave of the vampire, invasion of the bee girls, and the swinging barmaids.
beri smither (born june 22, 1971 in salem, oregon) is an american supermodel .	beri smither (born june 22, 1971 in salem, oregon) is an american model .
his first novel, colossus (1966), about a defence super computer which uses its control over nuclear weapons to subjugate mankind , was made into the feature film colossus: the forbin project (1970).	his first novel, colossus (1966), about a defence super computer which uses its control over nuclear weapons to subjugate humankind , was made into the feature film colossus: the forbin project (1970).
buttercup is kidnapped by a bizarre trio of outlaws, the stunted genius vizzini (wallace shawn), the expert swordsman inigo montoya (the superb mandy patinkin), and the enormous and enormously strong fezzik (the late andre the giant).	buttercup is kidnapped by a bizarre trio of outlaws, the stunted genius vizzini (wallace shawn), the expert swordsman inigo montoya (the mandy patinkin), and the enormous and enormously strong fezzik (the late andre the giant).
rosss career was cut short, tragically during the height of his career, by a construction site accident in october 1922. during an inspection of building progress at the union league club (at 555 post st.), while on an open freight lift, a load of bricks fell on top of his head, fracturing his skull.	rosss career was cut short, during the height of his career, by a construction site accident in october 1922. during an inspection of building progress at the union league club (at 555 post st.), while on an open freight lift, a load of bricks fell on top of his head, fracturing his skull.
"his wife wrote: ""charles c. moskos, of santa monica, calif, formerly of evanston, ill, draftee of u.s. army, died peacefully in his sleep after a valiant struggle with prostate cancer."""	"his wife wrote: ""charles c. moskos, of santa monica, calif, formerly of evanston, ill, draftee of u.s. army, died peacefully in his sleep after a struggle with prostate cancer."""
allan holdsworth (born august 6, 1946 in bradford, west yorkshire) is a british virtuoso jazz guitarist and composer.	allan holdsworth (born august 6, 1946 in bradford, west yorkshire) is a british jazz guitarist and composer.
the irish republican army terrorists of 1919-1921 assassinated many ric police intelligence officers during the irish war of independence.	the irish republican army guerrillas of 1919-1921 assassinated many ric police intelligence officers during the irish war of independence.
the first mention of the name of the vilnian, special squad, is on documents from july 15, 1941. the special squad (yb) began as police unit formed after the german occupation of lithuania in 1941. some were recruited from the paramilitary nationalistic union of lithuanian riflemen organization.	the first mention of the name of the vilnian, special squad, is on documents from july 15, 1941. the special squad (yb) began as police unit formed after the german occupation of lithuania in 1941. some were recruited from the paramilitary union of lithuanian riflemen organization.
since the release of their masterwork the joshua tree they have been frequently referred to as the biggest rock band in the world by fans and critics alike.	since the release of their breakthrough album the joshua tree they have been frequently referred to as the biggest rock band in the world by fans and critics alike.
in 1918, those of the lucky 144,000 who had died were resurrected as spirit creatures to heavenly life.	in 1918, those of the 144,000 who had died were resurrected as spirit creatures to heavenly life.
the protests were sparked by plans to cut public spending, such as wages, and raise taxes as austerity measures in exchange for a bail-out, aimed at solving the greek debt crisis of 2010. on may 5, the unrest led to the unintentional deaths of three bank workers, left dozens injured, and resulted in more than 100 arrests.	the protests were sparked by plans to cut public spending, such as wages, and raise taxes as austerity measures in exchange for a bail-out, aimed at solving the greek debt crisis of 2010. on may 5, the unrest led to the deaths of three bank workers, left dozens injured, and resulted in more than 100 arrests.
the closeness in phonetics between dacian and albanian that vladimir georgiev claimed is not accepted by all linguists; it has been challenged and is based on incomplete evidence.	the closeness in phonetics between dacian and albanian that vladimir georgiev suggests is not accepted by all linguists; it has been challenged and is based on incomplete evidence.
"though pi kappa alpha lifted the ""whites only"" clause from its bylaws in 1964, their long history of discrimination as well as more recent activities brought charges of institutional racism when the fraternity moved to open a chapter at howard university in the 1990s."	"though pi kappa alpha lifted the ""whites only"" clause from its bylaws in 1964, their history of discrimination as well as more recent activities brought charges of institutional racism when the fraternity moved to open a chapter at howard university in the 1990s."
albert square is the fictional location of the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	albert square is the fictional location of the bbc soap opera eastenders.
shannon emery lee (born april 19, 1969) is an american actress, martial artist and businesswoman .	shannon emery lee (born april 19, 1969) is an american actress, martial artist and businessman .
simon pegg (born simon john beckingham; 14 february 1970) is an award-winning english actor, comedian, writer, film producer and director.	simon pegg (born simon john beckingham; 14 february 1970) is an english actor, comedian, writer, film producer and director.
despite the film's few historical accuracies, its portrayal of the english occupation of scotland has sometimes been credited with contributed to an upsurge in scottish nationalist sentiment in the years leading up to the general election of 1997.	despite the film's historical accuracies, its portrayal of the english occupation of scotland has sometimes been credited with contributed to an upsurge in scottish nationalist sentiment in the years leading up to the general election of 1997.
the hard sugar outside and various colors with a soft center make this an appropriate description for these lollies .	the hard sugar outside and various colors with a soft center make this an appropriate description for these confections .
the city is unarguably the economic and cultural centre of southwestern bulgaria.	the city is the economic and cultural centre of southwestern bulgaria.
the brilliant futurist and cold war strategist herman kahn (1922-1982) believed that although mad was useful as a metaphor, when pushed to its logical conclusion it became absurd.	the futurist and cold war strategist herman kahn (1922-1982) believed that although mad was useful as a metaphor, when pushed to its logical conclusion it became absurd.
she is obviously a parody of paris hilton.	she is a parody of paris hilton.
much like a video tape, residual hauntings are allegedly playbacks of auditory, visual, olfactory, and other sensory phenomenon which are attributed to a traumatic event, life-altering event, or a common event of a person or place, like an echo of past events.	much like a video tape, residual hauntings are playbacks of auditory, visual, olfactory, and other sensory phenomenon which are attributed to a traumatic event, life-altering event, or a common event of a person or place, like an echo of past events.
the cotton wastage that gathered on the floor was seen as too valuable for the owners to leave and there was at the time no simpler solution than employing young children to work within the machinery.	the cotton wastage that gathered on the floor was seen as too valuable for the owners to leave and there was at the time no simpler solution than employing young children to work under the machinery.
a close call came against australia in the round of 16, in which an italian team with 10 men against 11 for a red card prevailed after francesco totti converted a dubious penalty near the end of stoppage time to give italy a 10 win.	a close call came against australia in the round of 16, in which an italian team with 10 men against 11 for a red card prevailed after francesco totti converted a penalty near the end of stoppage time to give italy a 10 win.
baba indicated that his automobile accidents and the suffering that attended them were, like his silence, purposeful and brought about by his will.	baba is said to have believed that his automobile accidents and the suffering that attended them were, like his silence, purposeful and brought about by his will.
executive order 13769, titled protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the united states, commonly known as the muslim ban or the travel ban , was an executive order issued by united states president donald trump.	executive order 13769, titled protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the united states, commonly known as the muslim ban or the travel moratorium , was an executive order issued by united states president donald trump.
the hogwarts express is a magical train that carries students non-stop from platform 9 at king's cross station in london to hogsmeade station, near hogwarts.	the hogwarts express is a train that carries students non-stop from platform 9 at king's cross station in london to hogsmeade station, near hogwarts.
the muwatta is a collection of hadith of the prophet muhammad that form the basis for the jurisprudence of the maliki school.	the muwatta is a collection of hadith of the muhammad that form the basis for the jurisprudence of the maliki school.
modern hinduism originates from the ancient vedic tradition (vaidika parampar) and other local beliefs, incorporated over time.	modern hinduism originates from the ancient vedic tradition (vaidika parampar) and other indigenous beliefs, incorporated over time.
thumbnail|barcelona street propaganda calling for the release of mumia abu-jamal	thumbnail|barcelona street literature calling for the release of mumia abu-jamal
the unconstitutional installation of rajoelina's transitional regime has, since march 2009, caused many bilateral donors and intergovernmental organizations to freeze aid and suspend regular diplomatic relations with madagascar, causing economic development to stagnate and reversing many of the gains achieved under the previous administration.	the installation of rajoelina's transitional regime has, since march 2009, caused many bilateral donors and intergovernmental organizations to freeze aid and suspend regular diplomatic relations with madagascar, causing economic development to stagnate and reversing many of the gains achieved under the previous administration.
florence desmond (190593), english comedienne (1)	florence desmond (190593), english comedian (1)
the horse was secretly buried with little fanfare, with his death being leaked to the press more than a week after his passing .	the horse was secretly buried with little fanfare, with his death being leaked to the press more than a week after his death .
"many fans have noted that this song is similar to the guns n' roses song ""don't cry"" due to the epic guitar solo, vocal texture, harmonic progressions, and rhythm."	"many fans have noted that this song is similar to the guns n' roses song ""don't cry"" due to the guitar solo, vocal texture, harmonic progressions, and rhythm."
the battle of ilipa was arguably scipio africanuss most brilliant victory in his military career during the second punic war.	the battle of ilipa was considered scipio africanuss most brilliant victory in his military career during the second punic war.
in modern times, criticism has also dealt with his sincerity in claiming to be a prophet, the laws he established, such as those concerning slavery and his discrimination against women.	in modern times, criticism has also dealt with his sincerity in claiming to be a prophet, the laws he established, such as those concerning slavery and what critics describe as discrimination against women.
the anglo-khasi war was part of the independence struggle between the khasi people and the british colonialists between the years 1829-1833. the war started with tirot sing's attack on a british garrison that disobeyed orders of this khasi king to stop a road construction project through the khasi hills.	the anglo-khasi war was part of the independence struggle between the khasi people and the british empire between the years 1829-1833. the war started with tirot sing's attack on a british garrison that disobeyed orders of this khasi king to stop a road construction project through the khasi hills.
"one show introduced the rutles, a four-piece band fronted by innes as a man ""suffering from love song"" spoofing the beatles, singing ""i must be in love"", a masterly pastiche of some of the early lennon-mccartney songs."	"one show introduced the rutles, a four-piece band fronted by innes as a man ""suffering from love song"" spoofing the beatles, singing ""i must be in love"", a pastiche of some of the early lennon-mccartney songs."
"two accidents with terrible ensuing consequences took place in november 2010. the first occurred when a driver refused to make way to a ""flasher"" bmw and was attacked by passengers from an escort vehicle, who were the members of telman ismailov's ast security company."	"two accidents with ensuing consequences took place in november 2010. the first occurred when a driver refused to make way to a ""flasher"" bmw and was attacked by passengers from an escort vehicle, who were the members of telman ismailov's ast security company."
"untouchable made their official debut on november 10, 2008 with their hit single ""it's okay"" ft. hwayobi."	"untouchable made their official debut on november 10, 2008 with their single ""it's okay"" ft. hwayobi."
he also has a famouse cousin named daniel gholston.	he also has a cousin named daniel gholston.
"while the terms ""shoah"" and ""final solution"" always refer to the fate of the jews during the nazi rule, the term ""holocaust"" is sometimes used in a wider sense to describe other genocides of the nazi and other regimes."	"while the terms ""shoah"" and ""final solution"" always refer to the fate of the jews during the nazi rule, the term ""holocaust"" is also used in a wider sense to describe other genocides of the nazi and other regimes."
in 2004, he joined the exclusive club of head coaches to post 100 wins in his first 10 seasons with one club, finishing the campaign and decade tied for fourth on this ultra-impressive list of 12 coaches, six of whom are enshrined in the pro football hall of fame.	in 2004, he joined the exclusive club of head coaches to post 100 wins in his first 10 seasons with one club, finishing the campaign and decade tied for fourth on this list of 12 coaches, six of whom are enshrined in the pro football hall of fame.
almost immediately, his colleagues sought to murder nationalists.	almost immediately, his colleagues sought to kill nationalists.
"he is best known for the hits he recorded for the def soul label during the late 1990s and early 2000s, such as ""touch me, tease me"" (1996, with mary j. blige and foxy brown), ""happily ever after"" (1999), and ""missing you"" (2001).case was slated to release a fourth album in 2004 that was called the blaxl rose xperience by def soul/def jam/idjmg but sadly he was dropped from the label."	"he is best known for the hits he recorded for the def soul label during the late 1990s and early 2000s, such as ""touch me, tease me"" (1996, with mary j. blige and foxy brown), ""happily ever after"" (1999), and ""missing you"" (2001).case was slated to release a fourth album in 2004 that was called the blaxl rose xperience by def soul/def jam/idjmg but he was dropped from the label."
hugh edwards (1903–1986) was an influential american curator of photography.	hugh edwards (1903–1986) was an american curator of photography.
although it can be used for free (with free registration), it can be upgraded to a premium registration for a small one-time fee.	although it can be used for free (with free registration), it can be upgraded to a premium registration for a one-time fee.
its members are joined together by high ideals, of both a moral and metaphysical nature (and, in the majority of branches, by a common belief in a supreme being).	its members are joined together by shared ideals, of both a moral and metaphysical nature (and, in the majority of branches, by a common belief in a supreme being).
"in the interview, hayes defended south park's style of controversial humor, noting that he was not pleased with the show's treatment of scientology, but conceding that he ""understands what matt and trey are doing."""	"in the interview, hayes defended south park's style of controversial humor, noting that he was not pleased with the show's treatment of scientology, but saying that he ""understands what matt and trey are doing."""
pamela irving (born 1960) is a prominent australian visual artist specialising in bronze, ceramic and mosaic sculptures as well as printmaking and copper etchings.	pamela irving (born 1960) is a australian visual artist specialising in bronze, ceramic and mosaic sculptures as well as printmaking and copper etchings.
test center rules are overly strict.	test center rules are strict.
notation of drum kit music once commonly employed the bass clef, but a neutral staff of two parallel vertical lines, reffered to as the persussion or drum clef, is usually preferred now.	notation of drum kit music once commonly employed the bass clef, but a neutral clef of two parallel vertical lines, reffered to as the persussion or drum clef, is usually preferred now.
"in 1999, boorman won the ""best director"" award at the cannes film festival for his black-and-white biopic of martin cahill (the general), a somewhat glamorous criminal in ireland eventually executed by the ira."	"in 1999, boorman won the ""best director"" award at the cannes film festival for his black-and-white biopic of martin cahill (the general), a somewhat glamorous criminal in ireland eventually killed by the ira."
however this was refuted by nick matzke, writing in 2007 for the science blog panda's thumb.	however this was rebutted by nick matzke, writing in 2007 for the science blog panda's thumb.
he is also a contributing writer on the huffington post blog.	he is a contributing writer on the huffington post blog.
this replaced their unpopular black alternate jersey used in the 2005-2007 seasons.	this replaced their black alternate jersey used in the 2005-2007 seasons.
his view of slavery was that there was nothing inherently sinful about slave-holding and that the practice, in and of itself, was never condemned in scripture as being an abomination to god or harmful to humankind .	his view of slavery was that there was nothing inherently sinful about slave-holding and that the practice, in and of itself, was never condemned in scripture as being an abomination to god or harmful to mankind .
critics pronounced her claim of the existence of masters of wisdom to be utterly false, and accused her of being a charlatan, a false medium, evil, a spy for the russians, a smoker of cannabis, a plagiarist , a spy for the english, a racist and a falsifier of letters.	different authors pronounced her claim of the existence of masters of wisdom to be utterly false, and accused her of being a charlatan, a false medium, evil, a spy for the russians, a smoker of cannabis, a plagiarist , a spy for the english, a racist and a falsifier of letters.
seor boombox sucks (2002)	seor boombox (2002)
norwich is frequently portrayed in the uk media as a place which is remote, unsophisticated, gauche, out-of-step with national trends and a source of derision and ridicule.	norwich is sometimes, and generally humorously, portrayed in the uk media as a place which is remote, unsophisticated, gauche, out-of-step with national trends and a source of derision and ridicule.
one of these is the unlikely suggestion that haitian witchdoctors can keep zombies in a state of pharmacologically induced trance for many years.	one of these is the suggestion that haitian witchdoctors can keep zombies in a state of pharmacologically induced trance for many years.
many claim that it has unintended and undesirable side-effects and that it fails to achieve its goals.	opponents claim that it has unintended and undesirable side-effects and that it fails to achieve its goals.
"richard abanes contends that the church tries to hide past racial practices, citing the example where in 1981 the church changed the offensive wording in the book of mormon from ""white and delightsome"" to ""pure and delightsome"" (2 nephi 30:6)."	"richard abanes contends that the church tries to hide past racial practices, citing the example where in 1981 the church changed the wording in the book of mormon from ""white and delightsome"" to ""pure and delightsome"" (2 nephi 30:6)."
the heritage foundation is an influential right-wing public policy research institute based in washington, d.c., in the united states.	the heritage foundation is an influential public policy research institute based in washington, d.c., in the united states.
fran was fran allison, a radio comedienne and singer who was usually the only human to appear on screen, filling the role of big sister and cheery voice of reason as the puppets engaged each other concerning their foibles.	fran was fran allison, a radio comedian and singer who was usually the only human to appear on screen, filling the role of big sister and cheery voice of reason as the puppets engaged each other concerning their foibles.
the expansion is a new $1.2 billion plant in tennessee since 2008 with its japanese joint venture partners shin-etsu chemical and mitsubishi materials, due to open in 2012. this same plant is under negotiation for yet another $3 billion expansion to keep apace with cutthroat chinese rivals.	the expansion is a new $1.2 billion plant in tennessee since 2008 with its japanese joint venture partners shin-etsu chemical and mitsubishi materials, due to open in 2012. this same plant is under negotiation for yet another $3 billion expansion to keep apace with chinese rivals.
in mainland china, the chinese character is more frequently written in everyday situations using the simpler character , which has the same pronunciation as the formal financial character in mandarin (but not in japanese and in some chinese languages ).	in mainland china, the chinese character is more frequently written in everyday situations using the simpler character , which has the same pronunciation as the formal financial character in mandarin (but not in japanese and in some chinese varieites ).
john petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is a virtuoso guitarist best known as a founding member of the progressive metal group dream theater.	john petrucci (born july 12, 1967) is a guitarist best known as a founding member of the progressive metal group dream theater.
he is also chairperson of sunni seminary manzar-e-islam.	he is also chairperson of muslim seminary manzar-e-islam.
bute destroyed andrade by ko in the fourth round in the following rematch, by an uppercut to the body, which followed shortly after a left jab which sent andrade to the floor for the first time.	bute defeated andrade by ko in the fourth round in the following rematch, by an uppercut to the body, which followed shortly after a left jab which sent andrade to the floor for the first time.
mae west (18931980), actress, comedienne , and playwright; second floor of the cypress hills abbey	mae west (18931980), actress, comedian , and playwright; second floor of the cypress hills abbey
a big move was on the cards for the italian; a move to the infamous marcelo lippi-era juventus came.	a big move was on the cards for the italian; a move to the marcelo lippi-era juventus came.
major inaccuracies have been discovered in influential reviews of vitamin c and the cold.	major inaccuracies have been alleged in influential reviews of vitamin c and the cold.
beman envisioned a minimal church containing the bare essentials for christian worship - a cross of red medina sandstone in the english gothic style with a dome over the crossing and a bell tower in one comer.	beman envisioned a minimal church containing the bare essentials for christian worship - a cross of pink medina sandstone in the english gothic style with a dome over the crossing and a bell tower in one comer.
"because the history of independent catholicism is closely tied to the birth of the old catholic church in utrecht, netherlands, many independent catholics mistakenly consider themselves to be ""old catholic."""	"because the history of independent catholicism is closely tied to the birth of the old catholic church in utrecht, netherlands, many independent catholics consider themselves to be ""old catholic."""
the novel is written in a style reminiscent of schoenberg, with no scene having more dramatic significance than any other.	the novel is written in a style imitative of schoenberg, with no scene having more dramatic significance than any other.
sheffield united are now in the premiership - though not as a result of this 2003 play-off - and forest are languishing in league one.	sheffield united are now in the premiership - though not as a result of this 2003 play-off - and forest are in league one.
greenpeace research shows that not only is soya destroying the amazon rainforest in brazil, but soya farmers are guilty of further crimes including slavery and the invasion of indigenous peoples lands.	greenpeace research alleges that not only is soya destroying the amazon rainforest in brazil, but soya farmers are guilty of further crimes including slavery and the invasion of indigenous peoples lands.
his pashtun heritage and persian tongue gave him credibility with both groups: the powerful pashto speakers of the south and the persian speaking elite of kabul.	his pashtun heritage and persian tongue gave him credibility with both groups: the powerful pashto speakers of the south and the persian speaking of kabul.
fishing quotas and icelandic whale-killing are expected to possibly be the toughest questions in negotations if they would take place.	fishing quotas and icelandic whaling are expected to possibly be the toughest questions in negotations if they would take place.
the p5 glove was a wired glove usb peripheral device, based upon proprietary bend sensor and infrared remote tracking technologies, that provided users intuitive interaction with 3d and virtual environments, such as video games, websites and educational software.	the p5 glove was a wired glove usb peripheral device, based upon proprietary bend sensor and infrared remote tracking technologies, that provided users interaction with 3d and virtual environments, such as video games, websites and educational software.
a well-known example is joel osteen, the charismatic pastor of lakewood church in houston, texas.	a well-known example is joel osteen, the pastor of lakewood church in houston, texas.
the miracle is similar to that reported in nagasaki, where a franciscan friary built by st. maximilian kolbe also went unaffected.	the surprising survival of the jesuits in hiroshima is similar to that reported in nagasaki, where a franciscan friary built by st. maximilian kolbe also went unaffected.
this so-called anti-tom literature generally took a pro-slavery viewpoint, arguing that the evils of slavery as depicted in stowe's book were overblown and incorrect.	this so-called anti-tom literature generally took a pro-slavery viewpoint, arguing that the issues of slavery as depicted in stowe's book were overblown and incorrect.
"john appears on the show crossing over with john edward in which he communicates with the deceased relatives or friends of those in the gallery, or studio audience - this is often called a ""reading""."	"john appears on the show crossing over with john edward in which he claims to communicate with the deceased relatives or friends of those in the gallery, or studio audience - this is often called a ""reading""."
irving's status as a historian has been widely discredited	irving's status as a historian has been widely disputed
andy bernard is the irritating frat-boy-type regional director in charge of sales, who competes with dwight for the position, title, and the attention of michael.	andy bernard is the irritating regional director in charge of sales, who competes with dwight for the position, title, and the attention of michael.
the bog's acidity had preserved the contents of his stomach: his last meal consisted largely of burnt cereal grains, wheat, bran, and barley, implying a sacrificial offering rather than an ordinary supper.	the bog's acidity had preserved the contents of his stomach: his last meal consisted largely of burnt cereal grains, wheat, bran, and barley, possibly meaning a sacrificial offering rather than an ordinary supper.
in the early 1800s, the behaviour and anatomy of the shipworm inspired the great british engineer marc brunel.	in the early 1800s, the behaviour and anatomy of the shipworm inspired the british engineer marc brunel.
only 56% of roskam's donations came from individuals, while 82% of duckworth's donations were from individuals.	56% of roskam's donations came from individuals, while 82% of duckworth's donations were from individuals.
"music critics were divided on ""birthday cake"", with the majority both praising and criticising the song's overt sexual lyrical content."	"music critics were divided on ""birthday cake"", with the majority both praising and criticising the song's sexual lyrical content."
after the infamous congress of berlin, the russian public felt that thousands of russian soldiers had died for nothing.	after the congress of berlin, the russian public felt that thousands of russian soldiers had died for nothing.
the labview programming environment, with the included examples and the documentation, makes it easy to create small applications.	the labview programming environment, with the included examples and the documentation, makes it simpler to create small applications.
some claims made by ewg have been denounced by the scientific community and others as not accurate.	some claims made by ewg have been criticized by the scientific community and others as not accurate.
"in 1988, not long after moving to the united states, he founded anarchic adjustment, a successful ""streetware"" clothing line geared to appeal to freestyle/skate, rave and techno consumers."	"in 1988, not long after moving to the united states, he founded anarchic adjustment, a ""streetware"" clothing line geared to appeal to freestyle/skate, rave and techno consumers."
his accomplishments during the second half of his life include:	his activities during the second half of his life include:
the second matabele war lasted until 1897, when mlimo was murdered .	the second matabele war lasted until 1897, when mlimo was killed .
in 1993, he guest-starred for several episodes on the popular abc daytime soap opera general hospital as jack boland, and also made a guest appearance on the golden girls spin-off, the golden palace the same year.	in 1993, he guest-starred for several episodes on the abc daytime soap opera general hospital as jack boland, and also made a guest appearance on the golden girls spin-off, the golden palace the same year.
she is known for portraying tiffany in the horror classic film hellbound: hellraiser ii, lorina in dreamchild, clothhide in may to december and hannah preston in westbeach.	she is known for portraying tiffany in the horror film hellbound: hellraiser ii , lorina in dreamchild , clothhide in may to december and hannah preston in westbeach .
the large cenotaph which contains the glass-encased coffin in which marcos' embalmed body was on public display shortly after his remains were brought home in 1993 until his body was re-interred at the heroes' cemetery in taguig on november 18, 2016.	the large cenotaph which contains the glass-encased coffin in which marcos' embalmed body was on public display shortly after his remains were brought in ilocos norte from the united states in 1993 until his body was re-interred at the heroes' cemetery in taguig on november 18, 2016.
in addition, islam holds that adam was eventually forgiven, while christianity holds that redemption occurred only later through the sacrifice of jesus christ .	in addition, islam holds that adam was eventually forgiven, while christianity holds that redemption occurred only later through the sacrifice of jesus.
douglas coupland rca (born december 30, 1961) is a major canadian fiction writer as well as a playwright and visual artist.	douglas coupland rca (born december 30, 1961) is a canadian fiction writer as well as a playwright and visual artist.
the beleaguered ric was reinforced with british ex-soldiers and sailorsthe famous 'black and tans'.	the beleaguered ric was reinforced with british ex-soldiers and sailorsthe notorious 'black and tans'.
these texts are educated guesses at best; calvert watkins in 1969 rightly observes that in spite of its 150 years' history, comparative linguistics is not in the position to reconstruct a single well-formed sentence in pie.	these texts are educated guesses at best; calvert watkins in 1969 observes that in spite of its 150 years' history, comparative linguistics is not in the position to reconstruct a single well-formed sentence in pie.
he finally played his last international test for the wallabies on 21 august 2004 against south africa, coming off the bench for the final few minutes - where he sadly missed a penalty attempt.	he finally played his last international test for the wallabies on 21 august 2004 against south africa, coming off the bench for the final few minutes - where he missed a penalty attempt.
the constituency encompasses the towns of mostyn, flint, mold, northop and holywell.	the constituency encompasses the communities of mostyn, flint, mold, northop and holywell.
homeopathy is based on a vitalist world view, which sees the underlying causes of sickness as imbalances in a hypothetical vital force, and claims that homeopathic treatment can harmonize and re-balance the vital force in the body, so restoring health a spiritual doctrine not found in modern biology or conventional medicine.	homeopathy is based on a vitalist world view, which sees the underlying causes of sickness as imbalances in a hypothetical vital force, and claims that homeopathic treatment can harmonize and re-balance the vital force in the body, so restoring health a spiritual doctrine not found in modern biology or medicine.
he was wanted by the fbi and was captured thanks to the help of a viewer tip after his case aired on the popular television program, unsolved mysteries.	he was wanted by the fbi and was captured thanks to the help of a viewer tip after his case aired on the television program, unsolved mysteries.
the first national convention of the democratic party began in baltimore on may 21, 1832. in that year the infamous 2/3 rule was created, requiring a 2/3 vote to nominate a candidate, in order to show the party's unanimous support of martin van buren for vice president.	the first national convention of the democratic party began in baltimore on may 21, 1832. in that year the 2/3 rule was created, requiring a 2/3 vote to nominate a candidate, in order to show the party's unanimous support of martin van buren for vice president.
prolog is a logical language, so in theory you shouldn't care about how it executes.	prolog is a logical language, so in theory the programmer shouldn't care about how it executes.
it has diplomatic relations with the republic of china (taiwan); taiwan maintains the only resident embassy in tuvalu and has a large assistance program in the islands.	it has diplomatic relations with the republic of china (taiwan); the roc maintains the only resident embassy in tuvalu and has a large assistance program in the islands.
it is now available for civilian ownership through the civilian marksmanship program.	it is now available to american civilian ownership through the civilian marksmanship program.
mabvuto banda is an award-winning investigative journalist from malawi.	mabvuto banda is an investigative journalist from malawi.
serious nuclear accident in iran	nuclear accident in iran
"the ""body count"" and attrition warfare strategies used in the vietnam war came directly from his attempting to apply his flawed statistical logic worldview to the battlefield."	"the ""body count"" and attrition warfare strategies used in the vietnam war came directly from his attempting to apply his statistical logic worldview to the battlefield."
for example, in this position, the testicles brush against the female 's thighs.	for example, in this position, the testicles brush against the reciever 's thighs.
a flash of green tells the gripping story of small-town corruption and two people brave enough to fight back.	a flash of green tells the story of small-town corruption and two people brave enough to fight back.
he opposes illegal immigration, and has called for a constitutional amendment to end a fourteenth amendment loophole that grants automatic citizenship to children of illegal immigrants.	he opposes illegal immigration, and has called for a constitutional amendment to end a fourteenth amendment provision that grants automatic citizenship to children of illegal immigrants.
unfortunately , despite a good display, they lost 3-1 to truro city.	however , despite a good display, they lost 3-1 to truro city.
the national bolshevik party (russian: - ) is a neo-fascist political party, currently banned in russia which is dedicated to the ideology of national bolshevism.	the national bolshevik party (russian: - ) is a communist political party, currently banned in russia which is dedicated to the ideology of national bolshevism.
kebab houses and american-style fried chicken hovels aiming at late night snacking have also become popular in urban areas.	kebab houses and american-style fried chicken restuarants aiming at late night snacking have also become popular in urban areas.
the sai is arguably the most popular character in brazilian folklore.	the sai is considered the most popular character in brazilian folklore.
fascism (ipa; in italian, fascismo), capitalized, was the cool authoritarian political movement which ruled italy from 1922 to 1943 under the leadership of benito mussolini.	fascism (ipa; in italian, fascismo), capitalized, was the authoritarian political movement which ruled italy from 1922 to 1943 under the leadership of benito mussolini.
old town is an area in the west of southampton city centre, comprising a selection of medieval and victorian buildings, most notably the tudor house museum, merchants house museum and the maritime museum a surprisingly quiet area noted for its architecture and snooker club.	old town is an area in the west of southampton city centre, comprising a selection of medieval and victorian buildings, most notably the tudor house museum, merchants house museum and the maritime museum a quiet area noted for its architecture and snooker club.
although they consider themselves part of the sto:lo family of peoples, the katzie nation are negotiating their land treaty independently, and are not part of either sto:lo tribal councils (the sto:lo nation and the st:l tribal council).	although they consider themselves part of the sto:lo group of peoples, the katzie nation are negotiating their land treaty independently, and are not part of either sto:lo tribal councils (the sto:lo nation and the st:l tribal council).
the beleaguered ric was reinforced with british ex-soldiers and sailorsthe notorious 'black and tans'.	the beleaguered ric was reinforced with british ex-soldiers and sailorsthe famous 'black and tans'.
a published author, leonard has compiled numerous books of great quotes and passages, as well as writing about his own experiences.	a published author, leonard has compiled numerous books of quotes and passages, as well as writing about his own experiences.
in his statement, he also lambasted the british royal family, noting their continued violence toward animals (in their pursuit of hunting and misdirected blame on them for the british army's use of bearskin to make the hats of some regiments) and, in his opinion, their irrelevance in british life.	in his statement, he also lambasted the british royal family, noting their continued violence toward animals (in their pursuit of hunting and directed blame on them for the british army's use of bearskin to make the hats of some regiments) and, in his opinion, their irrelevance in british life.
climate change denial, or global warming denial, involves denial, dismissal, or unwarranted doubt about the scientific consensus on the rate and extent of global warming, or about the extent to which it is caused by humans, its impacts on nature and human society, or the potential for human actions to reduce these impacts.	climate change denial, or global warming denial, involves denial, dismissal, or doubt about the scientific consensus on the rate and extent of global warming, or about the extent to which it is caused by humans, its impacts on nature and human society, or the potential for human actions to reduce these impacts.
"joseph francis ""joe"" buck (born april 25, 1969) is an american sportscaster and the son of legendary sportscaster jack buck."	"joseph francis ""joe"" buck (born april 25, 1969) is an american sportscaster and the son of sportscaster jack buck."
as of december 5, 2005, contestants won all six pricing games on a single episode only 72 times.	as of december 5, 2005, contestants won all six pricing games on a single episode 72 times.
his elegant studies, beginning in 1994, unveiled the dynamic nature of hiv replication in vivo and revolutionized our basic understanding of this horrific disease (nature 1995; science 1996).	his elegant studies, beginning in 1994, unveiled the dynamic nature of hiv replication in vivo and revolutionized our basic understanding of this disease (nature 1995; science 1996).
leaders in indonesia visit suharto, the nation's former dictator , who is hospitalized with what has been diagnosed as intestinal bleeding.	leaders in indonesia visit suharto, the nation's former president , who is hospitalized with what has been diagnosed as intestinal bleeding.
in particular the rising popularity of alternative country has brought the instrument's beautiful sound to a much wider audience, and it has been used in many different musical genres.	in particular the rising popularity of alternative country has brought the instrument's sound to a much wider audience, and it has been used in many different musical genres.
chinese society (including mainland china, hong kong, macau and taiwan)	chinese speaking societies (including mainland china, hong kong, macau and taiwan)
"a self-published and non-peer reviewed meta-study by dr. vini khurana, an australian neurosurgeon, presented an ""increasing body of evidence ... for a link between mobile phone usage and certain brain tumours"" and that it ""is anticipated that this danger has far broader public health ramifications than asbestos and smoking""."	"a self-published and non-peer reviewed meta-study by dr. vini khurana, an australian neurosurgeon, presented what it termed ""increasing body of evidence ... for a link between mobile phone usage and certain brain tumours"" and that it ""is anticipated that this danger has far broader public health ramifications than asbestos and smoking""."
gigabyte technology is a free taiwan-based company established in 1986, which manufactures computer hardware products, such as nvidia-chipset based mainboards and graphic cards, pcs, laptops, lcd monitors, etc.	gigabyte technology is a taiwan-based company established in 1986, which manufactures computer hardware products, such as nvidia-chipset based mainboards and graphic cards, pcs, laptops, lcd monitors, etc.
the town is called lerin/ in macedonian , follorin in albanian and florina in turkish and aromanian.	the town is called lerin/ in slavic , follorin in albanian and florina in turkish and aromanian.
orthodox scientists claim studies have found that hiv-1 and hiv-2 are the causes of aids in humans.	mainstream scientists claim studies have found that hiv-1 and hiv-2 are the causes of aids in humans.
1969 – apollo program: nasa launches apollo 12, the second manned mission to the surface of the moon.	1969 – apollo program: nasa launches apollo 12, the second crewed mission to the surface of the moon.
with a peak elevation of , k2 is part of the karakoram segment of the himalayan range, and is located on the border between pakistan administered northern areas, and the taxkorgan tajik autonomous county of xinjiang, china.	with a peak elevation of , k2 is part of the karakoram segment of the himalayan range, and is located on the border between pakistan s northern areas, and the taxkorgan tajik autonomous county of xinjiang, china.
founded in 1942 by three industry insiders, the label has recorded and released important material by artists such as the lettermen, nat king cole, frank sinatra, liz phair, the beach boys, the kingston trio, the beatles, coldplay, exodus and red hot chili peppers, among many others.	founded in 1942 by three industry insiders, the label has recorded and released material by artists such as the lettermen, nat king cole, frank sinatra, liz phair, the beach boys, the kingston trio, the beatles, coldplay, exodus and red hot chili peppers, among many others.
meja is a former student of the university of miami in coral gables, florida, where he intended to major in psychology and spanish on a taxpayer-funded military scholarship.	meja is a former student of the university of miami in coral gables, florida, where he intended to major in psychology and spanish on a military scholarship.
she owns 5 fabrication facilities, all of which are located in singapore, including the newest, chartered's first 300-mm facility which started commercial shipment in june of 2005.	chartered owns 5 fabrication facilities, all of which are located in singapore, including the newest, chartered's first 300-mm facility which started commercial shipment in june of 2005.
a remarkable tamil poem shows the goddess meenakshi as a girl washing crockery and pots (which consist of all the worlds).	a tamil poem shows the goddess meenakshi as a girl washing crockery and pots (which consist of all the worlds).
later, this bizarre behaviour appeared to be an artifact of intrusive laboratory observation.	later, this behaviour appeared to be an artifact of intrusive laboratory observation.
she was best known for her role as cassandra cooper ingalls on little house on the prairie, for two seasons.	she was known for her role as cassandra cooper ingalls on little house on the prairie, for two seasons.
journalist arianna huffington; chess grandmaster susan polgar; then-saudi ambassador to the us prince turki al faisal; artists chuck close and richard serra; ceo of the blackstone group stephen schwarzman; and wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales.	journalist arianna huffington; chess grandmaster susan polgar; then-saudi ambassador to the us prince turki al faisal; artists chuck close and richard serra; ceo of the blackstone group stephen schwarzman; and wikipedia founder jimmy wales.
ultimate madness is a compilation album from the band madness, consisting of 21 of their finest singles.	ultimate madness is a compilation album from the band madness, consisting of 21 of their singles.
elaine miles (born april 7, 1960, in pendleton, oregon) is an american actress best known for her role as marilyn whirlwind in the television series northern exposure.	elaine miles (born april 7, 1960, in pendleton, oregon) is an american actress known for her role as marilyn whirlwind in the television series northern exposure.
"mehmed ""mea"" selimovi (26 april 1910 - 11 july 1982) was a bosniak writer, one of the greatest 20th century novelists of bosniak literature / serbian literature."	"mehmed ""mea"" selimovi (26 april 1910 - 11 july 1982) was a bosnian writer, one of the greatest 20th century novelists of bosniak literature / serbian literature."
he passed away in 26 july 1987, at the tender age of 57, due to liver ailments.	he passed away in 26 july 1987, at the age of 57, due to liver ailments.
helen thomas is a controversial white house reporter of syrian ancestry.	helen thomas is a white house reporter of syrian ancestry.
notable people born in tel aviv	people born in tel aviv
maxine lapiduss is an american comedienne -singer, television comedy writer, director, producer, entrepreneur, and branding strategist.	maxine lapiduss is an american comedian -singer, television comedy writer, director, producer, entrepreneur, and branding strategist.
born: fenella fielding, english comedienne , in london	born: fenella fielding, english comedian , in london
in his books and articles, sarfati provides a biblical and scientific defense of young-earth creationism and the genesis account of creation, covering a wide range of topics both within and outside his areas of expertise.	in his books and articles, sarfati claims to provide a biblical and scientific defense of young-earth creationism and the genesis account of creation, covering a wide range of topics both within and outside his areas of expertise.
arrow's 1951 book and the stunning theorem in it created the theory in its modern form, which blends and generalizes elements of welfare economics and voting theory.	arrow's 1951 book and the theorem in it created the theory in its modern form, which blends and generalizes elements of welfare economics and voting theory.
flix monti (born 1938) is an award-winning argentine film cinematographer.	flix monti (born 1938) is an argentine film cinematographer.
keith botsford would later summarize :	keith botsford would later argue :
the society is on the far right of the american political spectrum.	the society is on the right of the american political spectrum.
in printing, the printed pattern of dots can negatively interfere with the image.	in printing, the printed pattern of dots can interfere with the image.
rishra is economically very well developed.	rishra is economically very developed.
he was cleared of all charges in october 2008, after alleging that he was a prankster who just wanted to research fireworks and smoke bombs.	he was cleared of all charges in october 2008, after arguing that he was a prankster who just wanted to research fireworks and smoke bombs.
florine de leymarie is a promising french alpine skier who was born in albertville, savoie on 9 may 1981. she is 1.76 m tall and weighs 64 kg.	florine de leymarie is a french alpine skier who was born in albertville, savoie on 9 may 1981. she is 1.76 m tall and weighs 64 kg.
the day before byrne's death, wood and rivkin were interviewed by the australian securities and investments commission about the accidental offset alpine fire of 1993 and the true ownership of share parcels traded in offset alpine owned by nominees related to swiss bank accounts.	the day before byrne's death, wood and rivkin were interviewed by the australian securities and investments commission about the offset alpine fire of 1993 and the true ownership of share parcels traded in offset alpine owned by nominees related to swiss bank accounts.
numbersusa has grown aggressively since its inception.	numbersusa has grown rapidly since its inception.
a sermon by saint asterius of amasia, from the end of the 5th century, gives fascinating details of imagery on the clothes of the rich (which he strongly condemns): when, therefore, they dress themselves and appear in public, they look like pictured walls in the eyes of those that meet them.	a sermon by saint asterius of amasia, from the end of the 5th century, gives details of imagery on the clothes of the rich (which he strongly condemns): when, therefore, they dress themselves and appear in public, they look like pictured walls in the eyes of those that meet them.
birt's reforms were partially dismantled by his successors greg dyke, himself sacked following pressure from the blair government, and mark thompson.	birt's changes were partially dismantled by his successors greg dyke, himself sacked following pressure from the blair government, and mark thompson.
her father, a muslim bulgarian pomak who worked at a racetrack, was born in greece.	her father, a muslim greek pomak who worked at a racetrack, was born in greece.
fighting between victorious al shabeeb militants and government soldiers in the capture of baidoa left four government soldiers dead and a number of them taken prisoner by the vicious al shabeeb islamists.	fighting between victorious al shabeeb militants and government soldiers in the capture of baidoa left four government soldiers dead and a number of them taken prisoner by the al shabeeb islamists.
on the way they visited the perverted mormon community in salt lake city.	on the way they visited the polygamous mormon community in salt lake city.
one of howard dean's very first blog supporters, devine was also an early employee of rss search engine feedster.	one of howard dean's very first blog supporters, devine was also an early employee of web feed search engine feedster.
feminists dispute studies, and conclusions drawn from studies, of the behaviour of children from fatherless homes labelling them as misleading and alarmist and refer to counter-research to support their claims:research on the impact of father involvement on children provides evidence that high levels of paternal participation tends to increase children's cognitive competence, empathy, and internal locus of control.	critics dispute studies, and conclusions drawn from studies, of the behaviour of children from fatherless homes labelling them as misleading and alarmist and refer to counter-research to support their claims:research on the impact of father involvement on children provides evidence that high levels of paternal participation tends to increase children's cognitive competence, empathy, and internal locus of control.
despite pleading no contest to child molestation charges and potentially facing a significant term of imprisonment, lewis was sentenced to probation and a $500 fine.	pleading no contest to child molestation charges and potentially facing a significant term of imprisonment, lewis was sentenced to probation and a $500 fine.
media reaction was positive, but competed with low-brow coverage of pseudo-candidate ashley macisaac, who declared his intention to run to the halifax daily news the next day.	media reaction was positive, but competed with low-brow coverage of ashley macisaac, who declared his intention to run to the halifax daily news the next day.
neutral powers refers to those countries which remained neutral during world war ii: ireland, portugal, spain, sweden and switzerland.	neutral powers refers to those countries which remained neutral throughout world war ii: ireland, portugal, spain, sweden and switzerland.
specifically, he participated in the attempt to take fushimi castle by assault in july 1600, in the defense of the besieged gifu castle in august of the same year, and finally in the famed battle of sekigahara.	specifically, he participated in the attempt to take fushimi castle by assault in july 1600, in the defense of the besieged gifu castle in august of the same year, and finally in the battle of sekigahara.
"north korea's football team has been shamed in a six-hour public inquisition and the team's coach has been accused of ""betraying"" the reclusive leader's heir apparent following their failure at the world cup, according to reports."	"north korea's football team has been shamed in a six-hour public inquisition and the team's coach has been accused of ""betraying"" the nation's leader's heir apparent following their failure at the world cup, according to reports."
"some in the animal welfare or animal rights movements consider the use of the term ""euthanasia"", with its connotation of being done to ease suffering, to be a misnomer when applied to the killing of homeless (or soon-to-be homeless) animals that are otherwise healthy and free of behavioral disorders."	"some in the animal welfare or animal rights movements consider the use of the term ""euthanasia"", with its connotation of being done to ease suffering, to be a misnomer when applied to the euthanasia of homeless (or soon-to-be homeless) animals that are otherwise healthy and free of behavioral disorders."
in the 1940s near the end of the japanese occupation of taiwan, an unnamed teacher (kousuke atari) dispatched to the southernmost town of hengchun falls in love with a local girl with the japanese name kojima tomoko (rachel liang).	in the 1940s near the end of the japanese era of taiwan, an unnamed teacher (kousuke atari) dispatched to the southernmost town of hengchun falls in love with a local girl with the japanese name kojima tomoko (rachel liang).
while the main residence still exists, the neo-classical roadside lodges unfortunately no longer stand.	while the main residence still exists, the neo-classical roadside lodges no longer stand.
after his illustrious collegiate career, bordley signed as an amateur free agent with the san francisco giants in 1979. bordley spent one total year at the major league level with the giants in .	after his collegiate career, bordley signed as an amateur free agent with the san francisco giants in 1979. bordley spent one total year at the major league level with the giants in .
he was signed to a one-game contract by the detroit vipers of the ihl and, almost 70 years old, made a stirring return to the ice for one shift.	he was signed to a one-game contract by the detroit vipers of the ihl and, almost 70 years old, made a return to the ice for one shift.
"amnesty international reports that ""investigations by parliament and the national security council indicated that attacks by revolutionary guard officials and basij (mobilisation) forces, amongst others, precipitated the unrest and injuries following the july 1999 students demonstrations""."	"amnesty international reports that ""investigations by parliament and the national security council indicated that actions by revolutionary guard officials and basij (mobilisation) forces, amongst others, precipitated the unrest and injuries following the july 1999 students demonstrations""."
housing in haywards heath is marginally more expensive than larger nearby towns such as crawley and burgess hill due to a perceived far higher desirability.	housing in haywards heath is marginally more expensive than larger nearby towns such as crawley and burgess hill due to a perceived higher desirability.
baker was the brother of richard st. barbe baker, famous for his wonderful tree-planting programmes, founder of the men of the trees.	baker was the brother of richard st. barbe baker, famous for his tree-planting programmes, founder of the men of the trees.
his boyfriends inspired verses including the thyrza poems (childe harold), and love and death set in greece, where he was to end his life in the defense of greek independence.	his relationships inspired verses including the thyrza poems (childe harold), and love and death set in greece, where he was to end his life in the defense of greek independence.
however, the kobe earthquake hit early in the morning on january 17, sending asian markets into a tailspin and leeson's stupid speculations along with them.	however, the kobe earthquake hit early in the morning on january 17, sending asian markets into a tailspin and leeson's speculations along with them.
kerrighed is implemented as an extension to the gnu/ linux operating system.	kerrighed is implemented as an extension to the linux operating system.
"in liberally interpreting the necessary and proper clause, the court naturally rejected maryland's narrow interpretation of the clause, which purported that the word ""necessary"" in the necessary and proper clause meant that congress could only pass those laws which were absolutely essential in the execution of its enumerated powers."	"in liberally interpreting the necessary and proper clause, the court rejected maryland's narrow interpretation of the clause, which purported that the word ""necessary"" in the necessary and proper clause meant that congress could only pass those laws which were absolutely essential in the execution of its enumerated powers."
steve stevens (born as steve schneider on may 5, 1959, in brooklyn, new york) is an american virtuoso guitarist and songwriter best known for playing for other artists (most notably billy idol, vince neil) and lesser known for his solo effort atomic playboys, which featured an mtv hit single video of the same name.	steve stevens (born as steve schneider on may 5, 1959, in brooklyn, new york) is an american guitarist and songwriter best known for playing for other artists (most notably billy idol, vince neil) and lesser known for his solo effort atomic playboys, which featured an mtv hit single video of the same name.
brazil's next top model cycle 2 was the second season of brazil's next top model hosted by supermodel fernanda motta, which aims to find the next top fashion model.	brazil's next top model cycle 2 was the second season of brazil's next top model hosted by model fernanda motta, which aims to find the next top fashion model.
"3d recieved the highest rated reviews of the band's career, yet the album only sold two million copies worldwide , and ""girl talk"" (us #28) was the only single to reach the us top 40; ""hands up"" never charted and a third single, ""damaged"", made it to #53."	"3d recieved the highest rated reviews of the band's career, yet the album only sold two million copies in its first year of release , and ""girl talk"" (us #28) was the only single to reach the us top 40; ""hands up"" never charted and a third single, ""damaged"", made it to #53."
in 1998 he was appointed the first alphonse fletcher university professor, a position that placed him among a select two dozen professors at the university and freed him from departmental boundaries.	in 1998 he was appointed the first alphonse fletcher university professor, a position that placed him among a set of two dozen professors at the university and freed him from departmental boundaries.
cranks and demagogues often used the parade to attract public attention and to plead their questionable causes.	cranks and demagogues often used the parade to attract public attention and to plead their causes.
since his death in 1997, carroll street has become the home of some great restaurants and makes a great people watching spot.	since his death in 1997, carroll street has become the home of some popular restaurants and makes a great people watching spot.
the turner murders followed the murder of an abusive white plantation owner by one of his black workers, and were associated with the deaths of 11 other black men during a manhunt and lynching rampage by whites.	the turner murders followed the murder of an white plantation owner by one of his black workers, and were associated with the deaths of 11 other black men during a manhunt and lynching rampage by whites.
manny pacquiao skillfully used the strategy to gauge the power of welterweight titlist miguel cotto in november 2009. pacquiao followed up the rope-a-dope gambit with a withering knockdown.	manny pacquiao used the strategy to gauge the power of welterweight titlist miguel cotto in november 2009. pacquiao followed up the rope-a-dope gambit with a withering knockdown.
there was a sprinkling of followers of other faiths such as buddhism and surya hinduism.	there was a sprinkling of followers of other faiths such as buddhism and hinduism.
the film was originally screened on bbc-tv over the 1967 christmas holidays but was savaged by critics.	the film was originally screened on bbc-tv over the 1967 christmas holidays , and was savaged by critics.
bob hoover, legendary airshow and test pilot, author	bob hoover, airshow and test pilot, author
"the track was given a digital only release in the uk at the beginning of 2009 through hard2beat records, which included a new ""uk radio edit"", but unfortunately it failed to make an impact on the charts."	"the track was given a digital only release in the uk at the beginning of 2009 through hard2beat records, which included a new ""uk radio edit"", but it failed to make an impact on the charts."
dan devine, former coach of the super bowl xlv winning green bay packers and the notre dame fighting irish, was born in augusta.	dan devine, former coach of the super bowl xlv green bay packers and the notre dame fighting irish, was born in augusta.
they also argue that bakries have a hadith that umar ibn al-khattab should be the next prophet, but this hadith is of a mawdu (fabricated) isnad (chain or narrators), and makes no sense considering abu bakr was their first caliph, not umar.	they also argue that sunnis have a hadith that umar ibn al-khattab should be the next prophet, but this hadith is of a mawdu (fabricated) isnad (chain or narrators), and makes no sense considering abu bakr was their first caliph, not umar.
sri ramakrishna paramahamsa (bangla: ramkio promhongo) (february 18, 1836 - august 16, 1886), born gadadhar chattopadhyay (bangla: gdadhor chopaddhae), is one the great mystics of nineteenth century india.	sri ramakrishna paramahamsa (bangla: ramkio promhongo) (february 18, 1836 - august 16, 1886), born gadadhar chattopadhyay (bangla: gdadhor chopaddhae), is one the famous mystics of nineteenth century india.
scotland, ireland, and england have produced a number of practitioners and authors on the subject, and english potteries have crafted many beautiful tea cup sets specially designed and decorated to aid in fortune-telling.	scotland, ireland, and england have produced a number of practitioners and authors on the subject, and english potteries have crafted many elaborate tea cup sets specially designed and decorated to aid in fortune-telling.
windows journal viewer is a solution , created by microsoft, that allows for the viewing of files created in windows journal on systems without the software.	windows journal viewer is a application , created by microsoft, that allows for the viewing of files created in windows journal on systems without the software.
"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy (though he also said that he should've raised his objections at the time ), contending that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and stating that he did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble""."	"mcclellan has responded by stating that his role as white house press secretary was not to make policy (though he also said that he should've raised his objections at the time ), that he was inclined to give the administration the ""benefit of the doubt"", and stating that he did not fully appreciate the circumstances until after leaving the ""white house bubble""."
several editors were fired or/and arrested for their decision, or even their intention, to re-publish the cartoons.	several editors were fired or/and arrested for their decision, or their intention, to re-publish the cartoons.
the men's high jump was included in the 1896 olympics and a women's competition soon followed in 1928.	the men's high jump was included in the 1896 olympics and a women's competition followed in 1928.
"stockwell was born in new york, the younger son of elizabeth veronica stockwell, an actress, comedienne , singer and toe dancer in burlesque and theatre in northern america and new york, and harry stockwell, an actor and lyric baritone singer in new york productions of ""carousel"" and ""oklahoma"" as well as the voice of prince charming in disney's film ""snow white""."	"stockwell was born in new york, the younger son of elizabeth veronica stockwell, an actress, comedian , singer and toe dancer in burlesque and theatre in northern america and new york, and harry stockwell, an actor and lyric baritone singer in new york productions of ""carousel"" and ""oklahoma"" as well as the voice of prince charming in disney's film ""snow white""."
critics of the indices, such as progressive political commentator thom hartmann, also oppose the inclusion of business-related measures like corporate charters and intellectual property protection.	critics of the indices, such as political commentator thom hartmann, also oppose the inclusion of business-related measures like corporate charters and intellectual property protection.
democratic freedom party president shabir ahmad shah, national front chairman nayeem ahmad khan, mahaz-e-azadi chief mohammad azam inqlabi and islamic political party mohommad yousuf naqash were up in arms against mirwaiz after he dashed a letter to convener in pakistan occupied kashmir mohommad yousuf naseem asking him not to entertain the leaders who have left the conglomerate on their own.	democratic freedom party president shabir ahmad shah, national front chairman nayeem ahmad khan, mahaz-e-azadi chief mohammad azam inqlabi and islamic political party mohommad yousuf naqash were up in arms against mirwaiz after he dashed a letter to convener in pakistan administered kashmir mohommad yousuf naseem asking him not to entertain the leaders who have left the conglomerate on their own.
in 1999 the lds church controversially sued the tanners for posting on their website 17 pages of the church handbook of instructions topically related to membership termination, with a link to download the full version.	in 1999 the lds church sued the tanners for posting on their website 17 pages of the church handbook of instructions topically related to membership termination, with a link to download the full version.
as their interpretations of scripture developed, witness publications decreed that saluting national flags is a form of idolatry, which led to a new outbreak of mob violence and government opposition in the united states, canada, germany, and other countries.	as their interpretations of the bible developed, witness publications decreed that saluting national flags is a form of idolatry, which led to a new outbreak of mob violence and government opposition in the united states, canada, germany, and other countries.
in season five, damon and elena's relationship becomes complicated after elena erases memories of loving damon when he died.	in season five, damon and elena's relationship becomes complicated after elena erases memories of damon when he died.
the conflict was waged between two opposing groups, irish republicans and british-backed irish nationalists over the anglo-irish treaty.	the conflict was waged between two opposing groups, irish republicans and irish nationalists over the anglo-irish treaty.
batman: the animated series is the name of an acclaimed american animated television series adaptation of the comic book series featuring the dc comics superhero, batman.	batman: the animated series is the name of an american animated television series adaptation of the comic book series featuring the dc comics superhero, batman.
in reaction to wagner and his overblown late-romantic operas, debussy wrote the mellow, symbolist opera pellas et mlisande, which would be his only finished opera.	in reaction to wagner and his highly elaborate late-romantic operas, debussy wrote the mellow, symbolist opera pellas et mlisande, which would be his only finished opera.
in 1992, together with leda cosmides and john tooby, barkow edited the immensely influential book the adapted mind: evolutionary psychology and the generation of culture.	in 1992, together with leda cosmides and john tooby, barkow edited the influential book the adapted mind: evolutionary psychology and the generation of culture.
in turn, some argue that such hypothesis which is impossible to prove or disprove is a reflection of western stereotype of passive/submissive oriental females.	in turn, some argue that such hypothesis which is impossible to prove or disprove is a reflection of western stereotype of passive/submissive asian females.
history of same-sex marriage	history of same-sex unions
a wide variety of immigrant nationalities from eastern europe: russian, ukrainian, polish, czech, slovak, hungarian, ex-yugoslavian and bulgarian, established communities in u.s. major cities in the early 20th century, especially in new york city and chicago.	a wide variety of immigrant nationalities from eastern europe: russian, ukrainian, polish, czech, slovak, hungarian, south slavic and bulgarian, established communities in u.s. major cities in the early 20th century, especially in new york city and chicago.
"thus, many consider him to be the ""father of aviation"" as well as the inventor of the airplane."	"thus, some consider him to be the ""father of aviation"" as well as the inventor of the airplane."
most travellers are unaffected, but hm customs have the authority to stop and search suspected transgressors, with reported draconian instances of cars and contents being confiscated on the spot.	most travellers are unaffected, but hm customs have the authority to stop and search suspected transgressors, with reported instances of cars and contents being confiscated on the spot.
redirect energetically neutral atom	redirect energetic neutral atom
on july 1, 2007, the liechtenstein ruling prince, h.s.h hans-adam ii, and liechtenstein prime minister, otmar hasler, appointed dr. bruce s. allen and mr. leodis c. matthews, both in the united states of america, as the first two honorary consuls in history for the principality of liechtenstein.	on july 1, 2007, the liechtenstein ruling prince, hans-adam ii, and liechtenstein prime minister, otmar hasler, appointed dr. bruce s. allen and mr. leodis c. matthews, both in the united states of america, as the first two honorary consuls in history for the principality of liechtenstein.
spanning the years 1733 to 1748, these letters describe the political and social milieu of 18th-century new york, together with the assimilation and intermarriage that plagued jewish families.	spanning the years 1733 to 1748, these letters describe the political and social milieu of 18th-century new york, together with the assimilation and intermarriage that concerned jewish families.
"sedeprivationism is an ideological heretical school or party of the traditionalist roman catholic movement that holds that popes since john xxiii have been defective popes, following the principles of the late french theologian michel louis gurard des lauriers, o.p., as lauriers set it out in his thesis published in the cahiers du cassiciacum and therefore called the ""cassiciacum thesis""."	"sedeprivationism is an ideological school or party of the traditionalist roman catholic movement that holds that popes since john xxiii have been defective popes, following the principles of the late french theologian michel louis gurard des lauriers, o.p., as lauriers set it out in his thesis published in the cahiers du cassiciacum and therefore called the ""cassiciacum thesis""."
ezra pound, the expatriate american poet, played a minor role in the cultural and propaganda activities of the rsi.	ezra pound, the expatriate american poet, played a role in the cultural and propaganda activities of the rsi.
the republican party, united behind newt gingrich's contract with america, which promised floor votes on various popular and institutional reforms, was able to capitalize on the perception that the house leadership was corrupt, as well as the dissatisfaction of conservative voters with president clinton's actions (including a failed attempt at socialized medicine).	the republican party, united behind newt gingrich's contract with america, which promised floor votes on various popular and institutional reforms, was able to capitalize on the perception that the house leadership was corrupt, as well as the dissatisfaction of conservative voters with president clinton's actions (including a failed attempt at publicly-funded medicine).
the voyagers are too unpopular, and there are not enough seats or luggage space.	the voyagers are unpopular, and there are not enough seats or luggage space.
... that captain hume was present at the battle of alma, the battle of inkerman, and the siege of sebastopol during the crimean war, before serving during the indian mutiny ?	... that captain hume was present at the battle of alma, the battle of inkerman, and the siege of sebastopol during the crimean war, before serving during the indian rebellion of 1857 ?
a story emerged in 1992 of his father having had francis horsewhipped by their irish groom.	a story emerged in 1992 of his father having had francis horsewhipped by their groom.
one of the best kothi there is h-19 of devki nandan dixit.the size of the kothi's vary from 900 sq.ft to 6000 sq.ft.there is a seperate park and temple for the people.the atmosphere there is quite electrifying.	one of the kothi there is h-19 of devki nandan dixit.the size of the kothi's vary from 900 sq.ft to 6000 sq.ft.there is a seperate park and temple for the people.the atmosphere there is quite electrifying.
mns participants produced the macro-analysis process www.culturemagic.org/pdf/c1mmm.pdf and also the resource manual for a living revolution containing many great ideas for group process.	mns participants produced the macro-analysis process www.culturemagic.org/pdf/c1mmm.pdf and also the resource manual for a living revolution containing many ideas for group process.
a second major focus of the site has been to highlight violence abroad against south asians a phenomenon which unfortunately has become more common since the september 11th attacks on the world trade center.	a second major focus of the site has been to highlight violence abroad against south asians a phenomenon which has become more common since the september 11th attacks on the world trade center.
pawlenty has also ran ads accusing hatch of being responsible for raising health care costs, a claim that hatch refuted .	pawlenty has also ran ads accusing hatch of being responsible for raising health care costs, a claim that hatch disfuted .
compensation to allied pows and neutral citizens	compensation to allied pows and neutral nationals
team gallery is a prominent contemporary art gallery located in the soho neighborhood of new york city.	team gallery is a contemporary art gallery located in the soho neighborhood of new york city.
unrwa facilities being abused by hamas terrorists	unrwa facilities being abused by hamas militants
katrina vanden heuvel (born 1960) is the editor of the famed magazine the nation, known for its liberal political leanings regarding both foreign and domestic matters.	katrina vanden heuvel (born 1960) is the editor of the far-left magazine the nation, known for its liberal political leanings regarding both foreign and domestic matters.
"most programming languages are designed around computation, whereas alice is designed around ""storytelling"" and thus has greater appeal to female students."	"most programming languages are designed around computation, whereas alice is designed around ""storytelling"" and thus is claimed to have greater appeal to female students."
in fact , such figures as adolf hitler, joseph stalin or george w. bush have been persons of the year.	in the past , such figures as adolf hitler, joseph stalin or george w. bush have been persons of the year.
most importantly, mormons believe that the restoration in question has already happened: the original church of jesus christ, known as the primitive church by historians, is claimed to have been restored by joseph smith, the first modern prophet of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.	most importantly, mormons believe that the restoration in question has already happened: the original church of jesus christ, known as the primitive church by historians, is claimed to have been restored by joseph smith, the first prophet of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.
in the early 20th century, the city became a focus of anti-ottoman unrest, which resulted in the ilinden-preobrazhenie uprising of 1903. a bulgarian army liberated serres in the second balkan war of 1913, but was forced to withdraw by greek forces.	in the early 20th century, the city became a focus of anti-ottoman unrest, which resulted in the ilinden-preobrazhenie uprising of 1903. a bulgarian army captured serres in the second balkan war of 1913, but was forced to withdraw by greek forces.
he worked on, amongst others, the dr john bodkin adams case in 1956 where he identified 163 suspicious deaths and was an expert witness in the failed trial the following year.	he worked on, amongst others, the dr john bodkin adams case in 1956 where he identified 163 suspicious deaths and was an expert witness in the trial the following year.
joseba sarrionandia uribelarrea (iurreta, biscay, april 13th 1958 – ) is a basque writer and member of the independentist basque armed group eta.	joseba sarrionandia uribelarrea (iurreta, biscay, april 13th 1958 – ) is a basque writer and member of the independentist basque separatist group eta.
the most common type of crime gun confiscated by police and traced by the atf are semiautomatic pistols, such as this walther p99.	the most common type of gun confiscated by police and traced by the atf are semiautomatic pistols, such as this walther p99.
other members of levinas' family were not so fortunate; his mother-in-law was deported and never heard from again, while his father and brothers were murdered in lithuania by the nazi ss.	other members of levinas' family were not so fortunate; his mother-in-law was deported and never heard from again, while his father and brothers were killed in lithuania by the nazi ss.
in a beautiful natural spot near the noguera ribagorzana river.	in a diverse natural spot near the noguera ribagorzana river.
he has written eight novels and is best known for his 1992 novel jumper, which was made into a big-budget film and released in 2008. he is married to science fiction writer laura j. mixon and lives in albuquerque, new mexico.	he has written eight novels and is best known for his 1992 novel jumper, which was made into a film and released in 2008. he is married to science fiction writer laura j. mixon and lives in albuquerque, new mexico.
it has been reported that rawlings-blake, at age 39, is the youngest mayor in the city's history; in fact, that honor belongs to martin o'malley, who was 36 at the time he entered office.	it has been reported that rawlings-blake, at age 39, is the youngest mayor in the city's history; in fact, that distinction belongs to martin o'malley, who was 36 at the time he entered office.
religious constructions of human identity.	religious definition of human identity.
nh marriage equality is effective january 2010; me law is subject to a november 2009 referendum.	nh marriage law is effective january 2010; me law is subject to a november 2009 referendum.
ruth fernndez (born may 23, 1917 in ponce, puerto rico) is a legendary singer.	ruth fernndez (born may 23, 1917 in ponce, puerto rico) is a puerto rican singer.
it is completely under armenian occupation .	it is completely under armenian control .
there she took part in the presidential fleet review at norfolk, virginia, in april 1921. she also participated in the historic bombing tests on former german ships off the virginia coast that summer.	there she took part in the presidential fleet review at norfolk, virginia, in april 1921. she also participated in the bombing tests on former german ships off the virginia coast that summer.
together with his brother david h. koch, charles koch, according to an august 2010 article in the new yorker is one of the leading bankrollers of the tea party movement.	together with his brother david h. koch, charles koch, according to an august 2010 article in the new yorker is one of the leading funders of the tea party movement.
he joined the local spiritist cult , and was an atheist at one point, but later joined the methodist episcopalian church after witnessing a debate.	he joined the local spiritist church , and was an atheist at one point, but later joined the methodist episcopalian church after witnessing a debate.
"in 1997 , following false accusations of sexual assault by a masseuse, armstrong was asked to step down as leader by the church's board of directors but ""chose to resign""."	"in 1997 , following accusations of sexual assault by a masseuse, armstrong was asked to step down as leader by the church's board of directors but ""chose to resign""."
many chicano rappers used spanglish lyrics and have been heavily influenced by mexican and american history.	many chicano rappers used spanglish lyrics and have been influenced by mexican and american history.
"the dutch word for ""it"", and one of the dutch words for ""the"" (more precisely the neutral definite article)"	"the dutch word for ""it"", and one of the dutch words for ""the"" (more precisely the neuter (gender) definite article)"
"in response to fag graffiti spray-painted on her car, a volkswagen beetle (""bug"") owner christened it, ""the fagbug"" and embarked on a trans-american road trip to raise awareness of homophobia and lgbt rights that was documented in a film of the same name."	"in response to fag graffiti spray-painted on her car, a volkswagen beetle (""bug"") owner named it, ""the fagbug"" and embarked on a trans-american road trip to raise awareness of homophobia and lgbt rights that was documented in a film of the same name."
in 2015, hudgens took on the title role in the new production of alan jay lerner and frederick loewe's gigi, which opened at the kennedy center from january 16 to february 12, before transferring to broadway on april 8. the production closed on june 21. on january 31, 2016, hudgens starred in the coveted role of rizzo in grease: live, fox's live broadcast based on the original broadway musical.	in 2015, hudgens took on the title role in the new production of alan jay lerner and frederick loewe's gigi, which opened at the kennedy center from january 16 to february 12, before transferring to broadway on april 8. the production closed on june 21. on january 31, 2016, hudgens starred in the role of rizzo in grease: live, fox's live broadcast based on the original broadway musical.
additionally, many linux maintainers distribute non-free components including sun java in official archives that are separated from their main operating system distribution, for example	additionally, a number of linux maintainers distribute non-free components including sun java in official archives that are separated from their main operating system distribution, for example
the hoover institution is especially influential in the american neoconservative and libertarian movements, and the institution has long been a place of scholarship for high profile conservatives with government experience.	the hoover institution is especially influential in the american conservative and libertarian movements, and the institution has long been a place of scholarship for high profile conservatives with government experience.
it has been shown that cannabinoids closely related to thc cause cell growth, which has lead some researchers to conclude that thc may have similar cell growth potential.	it has been shown that cannabinoids closely related to thc cause cell growth, which has lead some researchers to hypothesize that thc may have similar cell growth potential.
students at milton are involved in 46 organizations, including the speech team, a cappella groups, a distinguished jazz program that travels to south africa and played at the 2006 conference for the international association of jazz educators(iaje), and a broad range of special interest clubs ranging from the science fiction club to the asian society.	students at milton are involved in 46 organizations, including the speech team, a cappella groups, a jazz program that travels to south africa and played at the 2006 conference for the international association of jazz educators(iaje), and a broad range of special interest clubs ranging from the science fiction club to the asian society.
"rev sabine gould's ""cornish dedications"" (1906) makes a dubious connection with st etaine of tumna in ireland."	"rev sabine gould's ""cornish dedications"" (1906) makes a connection with st etaine of tumna in ireland."
the swedes do, however, pay a high price for its welfare state - its taxes are among the highest in the world.	the swedes do, however, pay a price for its welfare state - its taxes are among the highest in the world.
attempts by the communist regime to crush the solidarity movement fail and negotiations between the movement and the government take place.	attempts by the communist government to crush the solidarity movement fail and negotiations between the movement and the government take place.
foa ( serbian cyrillic: ) is a town and a municipality in bosnia and herzegovina on the drina river, in the republika srpska entity.	foa (cyrillic: ) is a town and a municipality in bosnia and herzegovina on the drina river, in the republika srpska entity.
in february 2004, the hawks had the dubious distinction of having nba all-star rasheed wallace play one game for the team.	in february 2004, the hawks had the distinction of having nba all-star rasheed wallace play one game for the team.
"the word ban entered english from serbo-croat ban ""lord, master, ruler"", itself presumably from persian ban ""prince, lord, chief, governor"", related to sanskrit pati ""guards, protects""."	"the word ban entered english from croatian ban ""lord, master, ruler"", itself presumably from persian ban ""prince, lord, chief, governor"", related to sanskrit pati ""guards, protects""."
in occupied east jerusalem - st. steven's church	in east jerusalem - st. steven's church
the people of iraq went to the polls on 15 october 2005 to vote in a referendum on whether or not to ratify the proposed iraqi constitution of 2005.	the electorate of iraq went to the polls on 15 october 2005 to vote in a referendum on whether or not to ratify the proposed iraqi constitution of 2005.
"she is the author of the popular ""living & working in france"" books published by kogan page and ""chez vous en france"" published by la documentation franaise."	"she is the author of the ""living & working in france"" books published by kogan page and ""chez vous en france"" published by la documentation franaise."
behaving intolerantly towards vectors of perceived rival faiths, in extreme cases even killing them or advocating their deaths.	behaving intolerantly towards vectors of rival faiths, in extreme cases even killing them or advocating their deaths.
they are also more attracted to relatively feminine men during the remainder of the cycle.	they are also more attracted to relatively less testosterone eposed men during the remainder of the cycle.
lee married elizabeth kemp in june 2006. they have a son named preston charles, born 16 november 2006. however, after just two years of marriage, on 21 august 2008 lee confirmed his separation from kemp..	lee married elizabeth kemp in june 2006. they have a son named preston charles, born 16 november 2006. however, after two years of marriage, on 21 august 2008 lee confirmed his separation from kemp..
by may 2012, the opposition controlled only 15-20 percent of the city, while a similar area was still being contested	by may 2012, the opposition controlled 15-20 percent of the city, while a similar area was still being contested
"the image was originally published in the pro-national london daily mail with a caption noting the ""spanish reds' war on religion."""	"the image was originally published in the london daily mail with a caption noting the ""spanish reds' war on religion."""
the battle was the most famous incident in the indian wars and was a remarkable victory for the lakota and northern cheyenne.	the battle was the most famous incident in the indian wars and was a victory for the lakota and northern cheyenne.
although the triad is often thought to form part of an analysis of historical and philosophical progress called the hegelian dialectic, the assumption is erroneous.	according to walter kaufman, the triad is often thought to form part of an analysis of historical and philosophical progress called the hegelian dialectic, the assumption is erroneous.
nicknamed the professor, peart has received many awards (see below) for his recorded performances and is widely regarded as one of the greatest rock drummers of all time due to his technical proficiency and legendary stamina.	nicknamed the professor, peart has received many awards (see below) for his recorded performances and is widely regarded as one of the greatest rock drummers of all time due to his technical proficiency and stamina.
most historians, however, concede that it is probably safe historical ground to conclude certain basic historical facts about the life of jesus, such as that jesus was a jewish teacher, attracted a small following of galileans, and was crucified by the jewish and roman authorities in jerusalem.	most historians, however, have noted that it is probably safe historical ground to conclude certain basic historical facts about the life of jesus, such as that jesus was a jewish teacher, attracted a small following of galileans, and was crucified by the jewish and roman authorities in jerusalem.
'the anarchist cookbook' is an awsome instructional book written by william powell.	'the anarchist cookbook' is an instructional book written by william powell.
he is not to be confused with the late outstanding lithuanian linguist, whom was also named jonas kazlauskas (19301970).	he is not to be confused with the late lithuanian linguist, whom was also named jonas kazlauskas (19301970).
in 2005, conservative federal judge laurence silberman claimed that moyers denied writing the memo in a 1975 phone call, an unverified claim that moyers disputes.	in 2005, conservative federal judge laurence silberman stated that moyers denied writing the memo in a 1975 phone call, an unverified claim that moyers disputes.
tel aviv has suffered from violence by palestinian terrorist groups since the post-first intifada period.	tel aviv has suffered from violence by palestinian militant groups since the post-first intifada period.
actress and comedienne tina fey has a scar a few inches long on the left side of her chin and cheek, the cause of which remained unexplained to the public until a 2008 vanity fair profile by maureen dowd.	actress and comedian tina fey has a scar a few inches long on the left side of her chin and cheek, the cause of which remained unexplained to the public until a 2008 vanity fair profile by maureen dowd.
this was a railway preservation group that operated trains between athenry, tuam and claremorris until 1993, when tuam station was closed as a block post sadly .	this was a railway preservation group that operated trains between athenry, tuam and claremorris until 1993, when tuam station was closed as a block post.
"the famous chinese saying ""8 taels to move 1000 catties"" (referring to an old chinese measurement system) is appropriate here in describing how a small amount of force, precisely applied, can deflect large and powerful attacks."	"the chinese saying ""8 taels to move 1000 catties"" (referring to an old chinese measurement system) is appropriate here in describing how a small amount of force, precisely applied, can deflect large and powerful attacks."
nairobi is home to several prestigious universities.	nairobi is home to several universities.
among cameroonian women, biya is famous for her flamboyant hairstyles.	among cameroonian women, biya is famous for her hairstyles.
in fact, leaders in such regimes often attempt to deliberately blur the lines between the two, in order to conflate their own selfish interests with those of the polity.	in fact, leaders in such regimes often attempt to deliberately blur the lines between the two, in order to conflate their own interests with those of the polity.
within the first hour of launch, approximately 500,000 coins were instamined , followed by another 1,000,000 coins in the next 7 hours and finally another 400,000 in 36 hours.	within the first hour of launch, approximately 500,000 coins were mined , followed by another 1,000,000 coins in the next 7 hours and finally another 400,000 in 36 hours.
was a fresh japanese-american female singer in 2003. it was ranked as the eighth most popular single in the oricon charts.	was a japanese-american female singer in 2003. it was ranked as the eighth most popular single in the oricon charts.
however, the trend toward a more passive, movie-like experience (via gorgeous full motion videos) has alienated many of the old school crowd.	however, the trend toward a more passive, movie-like experience (via full motion videos) has alienated many of the old school crowd.
"in music, it has been evoked to indicate support for american policies, as in toby keith's song ""courtesy of the red, white, & blue (the angry american)"", and in opposition, appearing on the cover of the dead kennedys' album bedtime for democracy, which protested the reagan administration's agenda ."	"in music, it has been evoked to indicate support for american policies, as in toby keith's song ""courtesy of the red, white, & blue (the angry american)"", and in opposition, appearing on the cover of the dead kennedys' album bedtime for democracy, which protested the reagan administration's policies ."
in 1977, holm appeared in the star-studded tv mini-series jesus of nazareth as the sadducee zerah.	in 1977, holm appeared in the tv mini-series jesus of nazareth as the sadducee zerah.
on december 29, 2016, ohanian became engaged to tennis superstar serena williams	on december 29, 2016, ohanian became engaged to tennis player serena williams
normal practice is to do this operation simultaneously with other procedures such as ear marking, tail docking, and vaccination.	standard practice is to do this operation simultaneously with other procedures such as ear marking, tail docking, and vaccination.
"diana followed this performance with dido's ""white flag"" but was subsequently voted out of the competition to the shock and upset of her fellow semi-finalists eoghan quigg and alexandra burke who ran on to the stage to comfort diana ."	"diana followed this performance with dido's ""white flag"" but was subsequently voted out of the competition to the shock and upset of her fellow semi-finalists eoghan quigg and alexandra burke who ran on to the stage to comfort vickers ."
in spite of the serious allegations against the president, his party picked up seats in the congress.	in spite of the allegations against the president, his party picked up seats in the congress.
"in an early review of the book, american structural linguist charles f. voegelin identified that in syntactic structures posed a fundamental challenge to the established way of doing linguistic research, stating that it had the potential to accomplish ""a copernican revolution"" within linguistics."	"in an early review of the book, american structural linguist charles f. voegelin wrote that in syntactic structures posed a fundamental challenge to the established way of doing linguistic research, stating that it had the potential to accomplish ""a copernican revolution"" within linguistics."
this has been disputed by those who believe that she displayed some cognitive behavior, but the courts consistently accepted this diagnosis.	this has been disputed by numerous physicians who believe that she displayed some cognitive behavior, but the courts consistently accepted this diagnosis.
his compatriot, samuel campbell died tragically after being ill.	his compatriot, samuel campbell died after being ill.
in his controversial book race, evolution, and behavior, the psychologist and head of the pioneer fund, j. philippe rushton, used r/k selection as a basis for his scientific racism theories.	in his book race, evolution, and behavior, the psychologist and head of the pioneer fund, j. philippe rushton, used r/k selection as a basis for his scientific racism theories.
"although many have questioned how reid can function as a democrat in what many perceive to be an overwhelmingly republican religion, reid has admirably defended his faith and politics, stating in an interview with brigham young university's daily universe that ""i think it is much easier to be a good member of the church and a democrat than a good member of the church and a republican."	"although many have questioned how reid can function as a democrat in what many perceive to be an overwhelmingly republican religion, reid has defended his faith and politics, stating in an interview with brigham young university's daily universe that ""i think it is much easier to be a good member of the church and a democrat than a good member of the church and a republican."
pierre trudeau and other liberals formed an intellectual opposition to duplessis's repressive regime, setting the groundwork for the quiet revolution under jean lesage's liberals.	pierre trudeau and other liberals formed an intellectual opposition to duplessis's regime, setting the groundwork for the quiet revolution under jean lesage's liberals.
there were seven parts to this plan which removed any claim of legitimacy huerta's government might have had, reinstated government powers into officials loyal to madero, and announced a call for elections once peace had been restored to the country.	there were seven parts to this plan which purported to remove any claim of legitimacy huerta's government might have had, reinstated government powers into officials loyal to madero, and announced a call for elections once peace had been restored to the country.
"elisabeth fritzl was upset about ""the huge issue of rosemarie's passiveness during elisabeth's upbringing — a tortured time when, she says, her brutal father josef began abusing her when she was just 11 years old."""	"elisabeth fritzl was upset about ""the huge issue of rosemarie's passiveness during elisabeth's upbringing — a tortured time when, she says, her father josef began abusing her when she was just 11 years old."""
"she said he should ""stick to fighting aliens"", (a reference to cruise's starring role in war of the worlds as well as (perhaps unknowingly) some of the more outlandish aspects of scientology doctrine and teachings), ""and let mothers decide the best way to treat postpartum depression."""	"she said he should ""stick to fighting aliens"", (a reference to cruise's starring role in war of the worlds as well as (perhaps unknowingly) some of the more exotic aspects of scientology doctrine and teachings), ""and let mothers decide the best way to treat postpartum depression."""
the protests started out as anti -occupation protests but later were also targeted against the united states following the 2010 qur'an-burning controversy.	the protests started out as anti india protests but later were also targeted against the united states following the 2010 qur'an-burning controversy.
in 2005, drinks americas of wilton ct., whose iconic brands include trump vodka and dr. dre cognac, purchased rheingold brewing.	in 2005, drinks americas of wilton ct., whose brands include trump vodka and dr. dre cognac, purchased rheingold brewing.
a former follower and biographer of the controversial unification church leader sun myung moon, breen claimed in a 2005 american prospect story to have brokered talks in the early 1990s between moon and the north korean leadership, laying groundwork for a visit by the staff of moon's washington times.	a former follower and biographer of the controversial unification church leader sun myung moon, breen said in a 2005 american prospect story to have brokered talks in the early 1990s between moon and the north korean leadership, laying groundwork for a visit by the staff of moon's washington times.
john hick, writing in 1993, claims that new testament scholars do not today support the view that jesus claimed to be god.	john hick, writing in 1993, states that new testament scholars do not today support the view that jesus claimed to be god.
they have toured throughout asia and are quite influential in the singapore music scene.	they have toured throughout asia and are influential in the singapore music scene.
recently, the convent, monastery, and the inhabitants of the community have filed legal actions against the expansion of the wall and illegal annexation of land in cremisan.	recently, the convent, monastery, and the inhabitants of the community have filed legal actions against the expansion of the wall and annexation of land in cremisan.
abc, which is offering the movie to schools, critics, some blogs, radio personalities such as rush limbaugh and openly conservative movie critic michael medved, eventually presented a special screening to which democrats such as richard ben-veneste were also invited.	abc, which is offering the movie to schools, critics, some blogs, radio personalities such as rush limbaugh and conservative movie critic michael medved, eventually presented a special screening to which democrats such as richard ben-veneste were also invited.
this will optionally be accompanied by french fries in some countries, including: jordan, libya, syria, palestine , israel, lebanon, pakistan, turkey, egypt, india, and saudi arabia, also countries in europe such as belgium, romania, italy, germany, bulgaria and the united kingdom, and in australia and canada.	this will optionally be accompanied by french fries in some countries, including: jordan, libya, syria, the palestinian territories , israel, lebanon, pakistan, turkey, egypt, india, and saudi arabia, also countries in europe such as belgium, romania, italy, germany, bulgaria and the united kingdom, and in australia and canada.
featuring his projects if, bwana and sombrero galaxy plus a wealth of international artists sound of pig released hundreds of original cassettes throughout the 1980s.	featuring his projects if, bwana and sombrero galaxy plus a number of international artists sound of pig released hundreds of original cassettes throughout the 1980s.
its six volumes, comprising proust's seven, were published in britain under the allen lane imprint in 2002. the first four volumes, having devolved to the public domain under american copyright law, were published in the u.s. under the viking imprint and in paperback under the penguin classics imprint.	its six volumes, comprising proust's seven, were published in britain under the allen lane imprint in 2002. the first four volumes, having transferred to the public domain under american copyright law, were published in the u.s. under the viking imprint and in paperback under the penguin classics imprint.
when world war i began in 1914, most european socialists, under the banner of the second international, supported the bellicose aims of their national governments.	when world war i began in 1914, most european socialists, under the banner of the second international, supported the war aims of their national governments.
dave van ronk famously performed this song at his shows over the years, and a version is included on the cd of rarities, the mayor of macdougal street.	dave van ronk performed this song at his shows over the years, and a version is included on the cd of rarities, the mayor of macdougal street.
eragon is a 2006 live-action/cgi fantasy-adventure film loosly based on the novel of the same name by author christopher paolini.	eragon is a 2006 live-action/cgi fantasy-adventure film based on the novel of the same name by author christopher paolini.
in many languages, the modified vowels are indicated with an umlaut (e.g., in german, pronounced , respectively).	in many languages, the modified vowels are indicated with an diaeresis (e.g., in german, pronounced , respectively).
tan is also short for the greatest dutch robot wars machine tough as nails.	tan is also short for the dutch robot wars machine tough as nails.
windows xp is also the first version of windows to use product activation to combat software piracy, a restriction that did not sit well with some users and privacy nuts .	windows xp is also the first version of windows to use product activation to combat software piracy, a restriction that did not sit well with some users and privacy advocates .
john uhler jack lemmon iii (february 8, 1925 – june 27, 2001) was an american award-winning actor and comedian.	john uhler jack lemmon iii (february 8, 1925 – june 27, 2001) was an american actor and comedian.
the cisco kid is a durable half-hour western television series starring duncan renaldo in the title role, the cisco kid, and leo carrillo as the jovial sidekick, pancho.	the cisco kid is a half-hour western television series starring duncan renaldo in the title role, the cisco kid, and leo carrillo as the jovial sidekick, pancho.
one of guinness' last appearances was in the acclaimed bbc drama eskimo day.	one of guinness' last appearances was in the bbc drama eskimo day.
in late may, the contentious- administrative court ruled zelaya's plan illegal.	in late may, the administrative court ruled zelaya's plan illegal.
on january 10, 2005 seal slammed rappers for portraying women negatively in both their videos and lyrics.	on january 10, 2005 seal criticized rappers for portraying women negatively in both their videos and lyrics.
"tilton briefly returned to the airwaves in 1994 with a new show called pastor bob, a show with an emphasis on the ""demon blasting"" practices of charismatic pastors sam and janet whaley, whom tilton credited for ""casting out his own demons"" in 1993.. tilton was introduced to the whaleys by televangelist leigh valentine, a former beauty queen whom tilton secretly married in the dominican republic on february 10, 1994. but pastor bob was off the airwaves before the end of 1994, and the tiltons separated in 1996 after a brief separation and reconciliation in november of 1995. their divorce, marked by mutual acrimonious statements to each other through the media and courtroom claims by leigh that she was verbally assaulted and abused by an often-drunk tilton, was finalized in 1997."	"tilton briefly returned to the airwaves in 1994 with a new show called pastor bob, a show with an emphasis on the ""demon blasting"" practices of charismatic pastors sam and janet whaley, whom tilton credited for ""casting out his own demons"" in 1993.. tilton was introduced to the whaleys by televangelist leigh valentine, a former beauty queen whom tilton married in the dominican republic on february 10, 1994. but pastor bob was off the airwaves before the end of 1994, and the tiltons separated in 1996 after a brief separation and reconciliation in november of 1995. their divorce, marked by mutual acrimonious statements to each other through the media and courtroom claims by leigh that she was verbally assaulted and abused by an often-drunk tilton, was finalized in 1997."
in 1888, mirbeau published l'abb jules (abb jules), the first pre-freudian novel written under the influence of dostoyevsky to appear in french literature; the text featured two main interesting characters: labb jules and father pamphile.	in 1888, mirbeau published l'abb jules (abb jules), the first pre-freudian novel written under the influence of dostoyevsky to appear in french literature; the text featured two main characters: labb jules and father pamphile.
in the week prior to 30 march, the idf arrested a suspect who crossed into israeli territory from northern gaza; 2 palestinians were spotted near the now-defunct karni crossing container port trying to set fire to army engineering equipment close to the security fence; a group of four palestinians infiltrated israel near kissufim; and 3 gazans, armed with grenades and knives, crossed the border and were captured some from the border, near tze'elim.	in the week prior to 30 march, the idf arrested a suspect who crossed into israeli territory from northern gaza; 2 palestinians were seen near the now-defunct karni crossing container port trying to set fire to army engineering equipment close to the security fence; a group of four palestinians infiltrated israel near kissufim; and 3 gazans, armed with grenades and knives, crossed the border and were captured some from the border, near tze'elim.
william jonas armstrong (born 1 january 1981) is an irish-born english actor best known for playing the titular role in the bbc one drama series robin hood.	william jonas armstrong (born 1 january 1981) is an irish-born english actor known for playing the titular role in the bbc one drama series robin hood.
unfortunately , she died before him at a relatively young age in 1220. urraca was buried at the alcobaa monastery.	however , she died before him at a relatively young age in 1220. urraca was buried at the alcobaa monastery.
"going vertical (aka ""three seconds"", ) is an 2017 russian sport drama film directed by anton megerdichev about the controversial theft of the soviet national basketball team over the us men's national team, ending their 63-game winning streak, at the 1972 summer olympics in munich."	"going vertical (aka ""three seconds"", ) is an 2017 russian sport drama film directed by anton megerdichev about the controversial win of the soviet national basketball team over the us men's national team, ending their 63-game winning streak, at the 1972 summer olympics in munich."
the haditha incident is an alleged mass-murder of iraqi civilians by us forces in the town of haditha, iraq on november 19, 2005. a squad of united states marines is alleged to have killed 24 iraqi civilians after an ied attack on their convoy killed lance corporal miguel terrazas.	the haditha incident is an alleged mass-murder of iraqi civilians by us forces in the town of haditha, iraq on november 19, 2005. a squad of united states marines is alleged to have neutralized 24 iraqi civilians after an ied attack on their convoy killed lance corporal miguel terrazas.
the whigs used the prince's death to their own advantage, heartlessly using her weakness to disregard the queen's wishes and form a predominantly whig government, led by lord godolphin.	the whigs used the prince's death to their own advantage, using her weakness to disregard the queen's wishes and form a predominantly whig government, led by lord godolphin.
the syriac genocide was a genocide against the syriac population of the former ottoman empire.	the syriac genocide was an alleged genocide against the syriac population of the former ottoman empire.
she rose to prominence for her performance as maureen johnson in the broadway musical rent, a role which she reprised for the 2005 feature film adaptation; she will be returning to broadway in the musical if/then in 2014. in 2004, she won the tony award for originating the role of elphaba in the broadway blockbuster wicked.	she rose to prominence for her performance as maureen johnson in the broadway musical rent, a role which she reprised for the 2005 feature film adaptation; she will be returning to broadway in the musical if/then in 2014. in 2004, she won the tony award for originating the role of elphaba in the broadway musical wicked.
today there stands the grandiose cathedral of saint sava on the assumed spot of the bonfire.	today there stands the cathedral of saint sava on the assumed spot of the bonfire.
the game-to-film enthusiast /hack uwe boll (alone in the dark, house of the dead) gained the rights to a far cry movie, purportedly even before the game came out.	the game-to-film enthusiast uwe boll (alone in the dark, house of the dead) gained the rights to a far cry movie, purportedly even before the game came out.
the quotation is from 1enoch 1:9 which is part of the pseudepigrapha and is also part of the dead sea scrolls 4q enoch (4q2044qenar) col i 16-18.	the quotation is from 1enoch 1:9 which is part of the ethiopian orthodox canon and is also part of the dead sea scrolls 4q enoch (4q2044qenar) col i 16-18.
sathya sai baba (born sathya narayana raju; 23 november 192624 april 2011 ) was an indian guru, cult leader, and philanthropist.	sathya sai baba (born sathya narayana raju; 23 november 192624 april 2011 ) was an indian guru, spiritual leader, and philanthropist.
pure capitation pays only a set fee per patient, regardless of their degree of infirmity, and gives physicians an incentive to avoid the most costly patients.	pure capitation pays a set fee per patient, regardless of their degree of infirmity, and gives physicians an incentive to avoid the most costly patients.
"by understanding these mysteries, the student perceived his intimate relationship with divinity, and strove through self-discipline and devotion to become at one with his ""inner god""."	"by understanding these mysteries, the student attempted to perceive his intimate relationship with divinity , and strove through self-discipline and devotion to become at one with his ""inner god""."
most greens support special policy measures to empower women, especially mothers; to oppose war and de-escalate conflicts and stop proliferating technologies useful in conflict or likely to lead to conflict, and such unusual measures as great ape personhood.	most greens support special policy measures to empower women, especially mothers; to oppose war and de-escalate conflicts and stop proliferating technologies useful in conflict or likely to lead to conflict, and such radical measures as great ape personhood.
a few places stubbornly kept the original lincoln highway title, but on a renumbered highway letting the u.s. dept.	a few places kept the original lincoln highway title, but on a renumbered highway letting the u.s. dept.
"at his sentencing, lamo expressed remorse for harm he had carelessly caused through his intrusions, with the court record quoting him as adding ""i want to answer for what i have done and do better with my life."""	"at his sentencing, lamo expressed remorse for harm he had caused through his intrusions, with the court record quoting him as adding ""i want to answer for what i have done and do better with my life."""
charlotte krona (born 1978), swedish supermodel	charlotte krona (born 1978), swedish model and violinist
file:173606 the picturesque village of amedye, iraq in 2009.jpg|the picturesque town and capital of the district, amadiya.	file:173606 the picturesque village of amedye, iraq in 2009.jpg|the town and capital of the district, amadiya.
his younger brother, marques murrell, is a star defensive end on the appalachian state university football team.	his younger brother, marques murrell, is a defensive end on the appalachian state university football team.
after christianity and the irreligious those religions with the most adherents are various forms of islam, hinduism and sikhism .	after christianity and the irreligious those religions with the most adherents are various forms of islam, hinduism and jedi .
sadly , rather than rerunning the actual broadcast of that day, vh1 classic merely showed the videos from that day and did not show any of the vjs or other linking material, apart from short clips.	however , rather than rerunning the actual broadcast of that day, vh1 classic merely showed the videos from that day and did not show any of the vjs or other linking material, apart from short clips.
and in 1991, he became chairman of the department of psychiatry at duke university school of medicine where he helped to expand the excellent research, training, and clinical programs that had been initiated by his predecessor as chair, dr bernard carroll.	and in 1991, he became chairman of the department of psychiatry at duke university school of medicine where he helped to expand the research, training, and clinical programs that had been initiated by his predecessor as chair, dr bernard carroll.
his two main patrons were both princes of the liu dynastic family, and rulers of semi-autonomous kingdoms (under nominal loyalty to the emperor -- vassal states of the early han); and, both of his patrons ended up on the bad side of their relative, the han emperor, who was consolidating his imperial authority.	his two main patrons were both princes of the liu dynastic family, and rulers of semi-autonomous states (under nominal loyalty to the emperor -- vassal states of the early han); and, both of his patrons ended up on the bad side of their relative, the han emperor, who was consolidating his imperial authority.
"the january 23-29 2006 issue of insight on the news, self-described as ""a sister publication"" of the conservative washington times, included an article, ""impeachment hearings: the white house prepares for the worst."""	"the january 23-29 2006 issue of insight on the news, self-described as ""a sister publication"" of the washington times, included an article, ""impeachment hearings: the white house prepares for the worst."""
"it was christened ""ratdeath"" by abbot mortimer after matthias slew cluny the scourge."	"it was named ""ratdeath"" by abbot mortimer after matthias slew cluny the scourge."
in the 20th century, chicago held on to its status as the nation's transportation hub with the building of two great airports: midway airport, on the southside, which was largely superceded after 195 by o'hare international airport on the far northeast.	in the 20th century, chicago held on to its status as the nation's transportation hub with the building of two airports: midway airport, on the southside, which was largely superceded after 195 by o'hare international airport on the far northeast.
in most of the united kingdom and in some commonwealth countries, a public school is a prestigious traditional privately operated secondary school that is funded by the payment of tuition fees.	in most of the united kingdom and in some commonwealth countries, a public school is a traditional privately operated secondary school that is funded by the payment of tuition fees.
squeezing the heart of an enemy creates an autonomous, slightly distorted version of yourself for a short time.	squeezing the heart of an enemy creates an autonomous, slightly distorted version of your character for a short time.
the new mount carmel center consisted of a main church building (constructed primarily of thin plywood, taking advantage of a lack of building codes at the time), administrative and storage buildings, and homes for the leaderships and important visitors.	the new mount carmel center consisted of a main church building (constructed primarily of thin plywood, taking advantage of a lack of building codes at the time), administrative and storage buildings, and homes for the leadership and important visitors.
the band members are portrayed by ex-dokken and current foreigner bassist jeff pilson, black label society founder, the legendary guitarist zakk wylde, actor dominic west, and ex-foreigner and ex-black country communion drummer jason bonham (the son of the late drummer for led zeppelin, john bonham).	the band members are portrayed by ex-dokken and current foreigner bassist jeff pilson, black label society founder, the guitarist zakk wylde, actor dominic west, and ex-foreigner and ex-black country communion drummer jason bonham (the son of the late drummer for led zeppelin, john bonham).
a found footage film, it recounts the fictional story of the first manned mission to europa, one of jupiter's moons.	a found footage film, it recounts the fictional story of the first crewed mission to europa, one of jupiter's moons.
one of the interesting features of this structure is that it allows division by zero, namely	one of the features of this structure is that it allows division by zero, namely
cooper has steadfastly denied any involvement in the crimes for almost 30 years.	cooper has continuously denied any involvement in the crimes for almost 30 years.
"the spectrum of views that have been grouped under the label theonomy start with that of tillich, whose vain thought that ""god is dead"" leads to a theonomy that is only the existential encounter between an individual and a moral principle."	"the spectrum of views that have been grouped under the label theonomy start with that of tillich, whose thought that ""god is dead"" leads to a theonomy that is only the existential encounter between an individual and a moral principle."
sergeant presented this brilliant bbc series on the humble beginnings of the british indian railway and its legacy.	sergeant presented this bbc series on the humble beginnings of the british indian railway and its legacy.
in 2005, spacex announced plans to pursue a manned commercial space program through the end of the decade.	in 2005, spacex announced plans to pursue a crewed commercial space program through the end of the decade.
one of the most misunderstood aspects of unification theology (ut) is its teaching regarding the mission of jesus.	one of the most controversial aspects of unification theology (ut) is its teaching regarding the mission of jesus.
the grove is a retail and entertainment complex in los angeles, california, built by the real estate firm caruso affiliated on parts of the historic farmers market.	the grove is a retail and entertainment complex in los angeles, california, built by the real estate firm caruso affiliated on parts of the farmers market.
in december 1947 while filming at a british army camp during the civil war in mandatory palestine, he was killed in an attack by arab terrorists .	in december 1947 while filming at a british army camp during the civil war in mandatory palestine, he was killed in an attack by arab warriors .
the gallery is primarily known for the major minimalist and conceptual artists it has represented and whose careers it helped launch.	the gallery is primarily known for the minimalist and conceptual artists it has represented and whose careers it helped launch.
michael hanlon is a successful science writer in britain.	michael hanlon is a science writer in britain.
naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is an african-english supermodel .	naomi campbell (born 22 may 1970) is an african-english model .
the celebrated documentary obsession: radical islam's war against the west uses a remixed version of the theme song throughout the film.	the documentary obsession: radical islam's war against the west uses a remixed version of the theme song throughout the film.
after mormons moved to nauvoo, illinois, the religion's founder joseph smith, jr. and his brother hyrum smith were assassinated in 1844. just months before the mountain meadows massacre, mormons received word that yet another apostle had been killed: in april 1857, apostle parley p. pratt was shot in arkansas by hector mclean, the estranged husband of one of pratt's plural wives, eleanor mclean pratt.<!--	after mormons moved to nauvoo, illinois, the religion's founder joseph smith, jr. and his brother hyrum smith were killed in 1844. just months before the mountain meadows massacre, mormons received word that yet another apostle had been killed: in april 1857, apostle parley p. pratt was shot in arkansas by hector mclean, the estranged husband of one of pratt's plural wives, eleanor mclean pratt.<!--
some felt that flip-flops were inappropriately informal to wear to the white house, while others recognized that some flip-flops are fashionable footwear and are appropriate for the summer months.	some felt that flip-flops were inappropriately informal to wear to the white house, while others felt that some flip-flops are fashionable footwear and are appropriate for the summer months.
some commentators expressed their disapproval at the publication of singer's review essay in which he discusses bestiality as a logical conclusion to some of the arguments he has made with respect to the relationship of humans to animals.	some commentators expressed their disapproval at the publication of singer's review essay in which he discusses zoophilia as a logical conclusion to some of the arguments he has made with respect to the relationship of humans to animals.
in 1834, the city of rio de janeiro was transformed into neutral city, remaining as capital of the country , while the captainships passed to being provinces, with its headquarters in niteri, a neighbor city.	in 1834, the city of rio de janeiro was transformed into neutral city, remaining as capital of the the state , while the captainships passed to being provinces, with its headquarters in niteri, a neighbor city.
though close allies, the two groups play complementary roles, reflecting a healthy division of labour.	though close allies, the two groups play complementary roles, reflecting a division of labour.
he was first elected to parliament in the labour landslide victory at the 1997 general election, when he overturned the 14,000-vote majority of the sitting conservative mp peter butler to win the seat by only 240 votes.	he was first elected to parliament in the labour victory at the 1997 general election, when he overturned the 14,000-vote majority of the sitting conservative mp peter butler to win the seat by only 240 votes.
two british soldiers from 38 engineer regiment were ambushed and shot dead.	two british soldiers from 38 engineer regiment were attacked and shot dead.
one poll estimated that 52.4% of padanians north of the po river consider secession advantageous (vantaggiosa), and 23.2% both advantageous and convenient (auspicabile).	one poll estimated that 52.4% of residents in italy's regions north of the po river consider secession advantageous (vantaggiosa), and 23.2% both advantageous and convenient (auspicabile).
tegan and sara are both homosexual .	tegan and sara are both lesbians .
though some scholars say that anarcho-capitalism is a form of anarchism (usually a form of individualist anarchism),	though a wide variety of scholars say that anarcho-capitalism is a form of anarchism (usually a form of individualist anarchism),
remmel graduated from high school in little rock in 1933. in 1937, he procured a bachelor's degree in economics from the university of virginia at charlottesville.	remmel graduated from high school in little rock in 1933. in 1937, he received a bachelor's degree in economics from the university of virginia at charlottesville.
december 2005 wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales was caught editing his own wikipedia article.	december 2005 wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales was found to be editing his own wikipedia article.
a 2003 scott biography from polar explorer sir ranulph fiennes included a robust defence of scott, and was the first book to mount a serious attack on huntford's thesis and credentials.	a 2003 scott biography from polar explorer sir ranulph fiennes included a spirited defence of scott, and was the first book to mount a serious attack on huntford's thesis and credentials.
following independence, the government of the independent state of ukraine follows a policy of ukrainization, to increase the use of ukrainian the ukrainian language in the independent state of ukraine, which generally comes at the expense of the language of russia, which was often violently imposed on ukrainians throughout history.	following independence, the government of the independent state of ukraine follows a policy of ukrainization, to increase the use of ukrainian the ukrainian language in the independent state of ukraine, which generally comes at the expense of the language of russia, which was often imposed on ukrainians throughout history.
the exterior of a typical j.c. penney department store at the holiday village mall in great falls, montana.	the exterior of a j.c. penney department store at the holiday village mall in great falls, montana.
tuyas are a type of subglacial volcano that consists of nearly horizontal beds of basaltic lava capping outward-dipping beds of fragmental volcanic rocks, and they often rise in splendid isolation above a surrounding plateau.	tuyas are a type of subglacial volcano that consists of nearly horizontal beds of basaltic lava capping outward-dipping beds of fragmental volcanic rocks, and they often rise in isolation above a surrounding plateau.
the quality of the synthesis varies significantly between the languages though , with english being the smoothest, most natural-sounding voice.	the quality of the synthesis varies significantly between the languages, with english being the smoothest, most natural-sounding voice.
geithner subsequently paid the irs the additional taxes owed, but oddly was not charged a penalty for late-payment.	geithner subsequently paid the irs the additional taxes owed, but was not charged a penalty for late-payment.
his first six years in power resulted in rapid economic recovery from the great depression, the denunciation of restrictions imposed on germany after world war i, and the peaceful annexation of territory containing millions of ethnic germans, actions which gave him significant popular support.	his first six years in power resulted in rapid economic recovery from the great depression, the denunciation of restrictions imposed on germany after world war i, and the annexation of territory containing millions of ethnic germans, actions which gave him significant popular support.
for the program on december 31, 2008, comedienne kathy griffin joined anderson cooper as co-host for the second year, this year expanded to two hours.	for the program on december 31, 2008, comedian kathy griffin joined anderson cooper as co-host for the second year, this year expanded to two hours.
"cartland maintained a long-time friendship with lord mountbatten of burma, whose tragic 1979 death she claimed was the ""greatest sadness of my life""."	"cartland maintained a long-time friendship with lord mountbatten of burma, whose 1979 death she claimed was the ""greatest sadness of my life""."
singer bjrk was sent a letter bomb charged with explosives and hydrochloric acid by fan ricardo lpez in 1996. the bomb did not kill bjrk, for it was luckily intercepted by london police.	singer bjrk was sent a letter bomb charged with explosives and hydrochloric acid by fan ricardo lpez in 1996. the bomb did not kill bjrk, for it was intercepted by london police.
"johnstone was the first theatre professional to introduce the term ""status transactions"" into modern theatre, believing that an alarmingly high proportion of comedy comes from the infinite and tiny ways that people try to raise their social status and lower the social status of others."	"johnstone was the first theatre professional to introduce the term ""status transactions"" into modern theatre, believing that an high proportion of comedy comes from the infinite and tiny ways that people try to raise their social status and lower the social status of others."
the original hershey chocolate factory, located downtown along iconic chocolate avenue, was closed in 2012 due to high operational costs and has since been demolished.	the original hershey chocolate factory, located downtown along chocolate avenue, was closed in 2012 due to high operational costs and has since been demolished.
bhaurao krishnaji gaikwad(october 15, 1902 - december 29, 1971) famously known as dadasaheb gaikwad was a politician and social worker from maharashtra, india.	bhaurao krishnaji gaikwad(october 15, 1902 - december 29, 1971) known as dadasaheb gaikwad was a politician and social worker from maharashtra, india.
on july 12, 2007, two reuters news staff, saeed chmagh and namir noor-eldeen, were killed in the in al-amin al-thaniyah neighborhood of baghdad, along with several insurgents by gunfire from an apache helicopter which, based on the fact that rounds from its m230 chain gun took a little over 2 seconds to reach the target area, was flying approximately a mile away.	on july 12, 2007, two reuters news staff, saeed chmagh and namir noor-eldeen, were killed in the in al-amin al-thaniyah neighborhood of baghdad, along with several other people by gunfire from an apache helicopter which, based on the fact that rounds from its m230 chain gun took a little over 2 seconds to reach the target area, was flying approximately a mile away.
"in 1995, time named him ""man of the year"" for his role in ending 40 years of majority rule by the democratic party."	"in 1995, time named him ""man of the year"" for his role in ending 40 years of majority control by the democratic party."
because yankovic is unquestionably the most successful parody artist, songs posted to file sharing networks are often misattributed to yankovic due to their humorous subject matter.	because yankovic is arguably the most successful parody artist, songs posted to file sharing networks are often misattributed to yankovic due to their humorous subject matter.
on december 30, following a much publicized coaching search, michigan announced the hiring of former star quarterback jim harbaugh as the 20th head coach in the program's history.	on december 30, following a much publicized coaching search, michigan announced the hiring of former quarterback jim harbaugh as the 20th head coach in the program's history.
ironically , it has been revealed that they will have a rematch in the first round again in 2011.	incidentally , it has been revealed that they will have a rematch in the first round again in 2011.
"on march 28, a group of about 1,000 protestors from the so-called ""caravan of the poor"" supporting thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in front of the nation group headquarters on bang na-trat highway, demanding that the paper clarify its report."	"on march 28, a group of about 1,000 protestors from the ""caravan of the poor"" supporting thai prime minister thaksin shinawatra gathered in front of the nation group headquarters on bang na-trat highway, demanding that the paper clarify its report."
enukidze had written a book on the history of a famous bolshevik printing press in the caucasus which had bombarded russia with vladimir lenin's commandments during the czarist period.	enukidze had written a book on the history of a famous bolshevik printing press in the caucasus which had bombarded russia with vladimir lenin's theses during the czarist period.
ruth evensen (born 1951 in gladsaxe, denmark) is the co-founder and leader of the christian cult faderhuset which became widely known for its role in purchasing the copenhagen ungdomshuset, which eventually lead to large riots in copenhagen.	ruth evensen (born 1951 in gladsaxe, denmark) is the co-founder and leader of the christian group faderhuset which became widely known for its role in purchasing the copenhagen ungdomshuset, which eventually lead to large riots in copenhagen.
alleged plagiarism	charges of plagiarism
a 1995 article by freelance journalist john earl published by the institute for psychological therapies found that the concrete slab floor was undisturbed except for a small patch where the sewer line was tapped into.	a 1995 article by freelance journalist john earl published by the institute for psychological therapies stated that the concrete slab floor was undisturbed except for a small patch where the sewer line was tapped into.
despite his well publicized retirement from soccer in 2013, he moved to ave maria university as head men's soccer coach in march 2016.	following his well publicized retirement from soccer in 2013, he moved to ave maria university as head men's soccer coach in march 2016.
more recently, he had a minor supporting role in brokeback mountain (2005) in which he played a homophobic rancher who caught his two male employees having sexual relations while they were supposed to be herding his sheep.	more recently, he had a supporting role in brokeback mountain (2005) in which he played a homophobic rancher who caught his two male employees having sexual relations while they were supposed to be herding his sheep.
on may 4, 2011, emptoris announced the acquisition of xcitec, a leading provider of supplier management solutions headquartered in munich, germany.	on may 4, 2011, emptoris announced the acquisition of xcitec, a provider of supplier management solutions headquartered in munich, germany.
it reached number 18 in the uk charts and was critically praised, with the nme giving it their prestigious 'track of week' award.	it reached number 18 in the uk charts and was critically praised, with the nme giving it their 'track of week' award.
"males of african descent (not all ""blacks"" as some say) were prohibited from receiving the priesthood due to their heritage until 1978, at which time the lds church claimed a new revelation accepting all worthy males to the lds priesthood."	"males of african descent (not all ""blacks"" as some say) were prohibited from receiving the priesthood due to their heritage until 1978, at which time the lds church announced a new revelation accepting all worthy males to the lds priesthood."
recently, the mall finished a massive remodeling project to compete with several newer, more luxurious malls in the pittsburgh area.	recently, the mall finished a remodeling project to compete with several newer, more luxurious malls in the pittsburgh area.
"the ""war of northern aggression"" has been used by those who falsely maintain that the union side was the belligerent party in the war."	"the ""war of northern aggression"" has been used by those who maintain that the union side was the belligerent party in the war."
in age of mythology and its expansion pack, the phoenix is a so-called myth unit for the egyptian civilization and sent to the player by the god thoth.	in age of mythology and its expansion pack, the phoenix is a myth unit for the egyptian civilization and sent to the player by the god thoth.
jai hind college is a prestigious college in mumbai, india, affiliated with the university of mumbai.	jai hind college is a college in mumbai, india, affiliated with the university of mumbai.
"it was only then when ""mahamati prannath"" revealed himself to the world as revealed below in the holy verses of ""bitak sahib""(a manuscript containing the detailed life description of ""mahamati prannath""):"	"it was only then when ""mahamati prannath"" revealed himself to the world as revealed below in the verses of ""bitak sahib""(a manuscript containing the detailed life description of ""mahamati prannath""):"
operation storm (croatian: operacija oluja, serbian: oeaja oja) was a large-scale genocidal military operation carried out by croatia, in conjunction with the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina, to recapture areas of central croatia held by croatian serb forces.	operation storm (croatian: operacija oluja, serbian: oeaja oja) was a large-scale military operation carried out by croatia, in conjunction with the army of the republic of bosnia and herzegovina, to recapture areas of central croatia held by croatian serb forces.
he is japanese american and a native of honolulu, hawaii where he attended the prestigious iolani school.	he is japanese american and a native of honolulu, hawaii where he attended the iolani school.
elchibey met with the ultra-nationalist pan-turkic fascist leader alparslan trke.	elchibey met with the ultra-nationalist pan-turkic leader alparslan trke.
the st. lawrence seaway is the common name for a system of canals that permits ocean-going vessels to travel from the atlantic ocean to the great lakes, even as far as lake superior.	the st. lawrence seaway is the common name for a system of canals that permits ocean-going vessels to travel from the atlantic ocean to the great lakes, as far as lake superior.
however, a small minority of biblical scholars, academics, and others question the historicity of jesus, citing a lack of extant contemporaneous documents making references to him, and suggesting similarities with various mythological figures.	however, a small minority of biblical scholars, academics, and others question the historicity of jesus, suggesting a lack of extant contemporaneous documents making references to him, and suggesting similarities with various mythological figures.
inside, one can follow the tracks of a titanosaurus, which have been impressed into the floor, towards its impressive skeleton on a sheltered patio.	inside, one can follow the tracks of a titanosaurus, which have been impressed into the floor, towards its skeleton on a sheltered patio.
while maintaining that his farming practices are both exemplary and sustainable, salatin admits that he raises non-heritage breed chickens in an interview with gaby wood in the observer.	while maintaining that his farming practices are both exemplary and sustainable, salatin agrees that he raises non-heritage breed chickens in an interview with gaby wood in the observer.
another perception is that the goth subculture as a whole represents a unified cult-like religion, most commonly associated with individual groups paganistic and satanic practices.	another misconception is that the goth subculture as a whole represents a unified cult-like religion, most commonly associated with individual groups paganistic and satanic practices.
there are popular board and role-playing games based on the books available, as well as a collection of artwork based on and inspired by the series.	there are board and role-playing games based on the books available, as well as a collection of artwork based on and inspired by the series.
wagstaff's eulogy alluded to the attack by derryn hinch - made after kennedy's death - thus:	wagstaff's eulogy alluded to the claims made by derryn hinch - made after kennedy's death - thus:
ice breaker is the title of the 2004 controversal documentary hosted by the late great steve irwin	ice breaker is the title of the 2004 controversal documentary hosted by the late steve irwin
according to the park and twitter tweets, public response during the soft launches was positive; total orlando gave the ride five stars for teenagers and four stars for adults.	according to the park and twitter tweets, public response during the soft opening was positive; total orlando gave the ride five stars for teenagers and four stars for adults.
this category comprises articles pertaining to fields of endeavor or bodies of knowledge that purport to be scientific, but are considered to be inconsistent with the scientific method.	this category comprises articles pertaining to fields of endeavor or bodies of knowledge that purport to be scientific, but are alleged to be inconsistent with the scientific method.
currently, that is chief judge judith s. kaye, who is spearheading an effort to reform criminal sentencing by considering the collateral consequences of criminal charges.	currently, that is chief judge judith s. kaye, who is leading an effort to reform criminal sentencing by considering the collateral consequences of criminal charges.
this change can be traced in paintings: in the middle ages, children were portrayed in art as miniature adults with no childish characteristics.	this change can be traced in paintings: in the middle ages, children were portrayed in art as miniature adults with no childlike characteristics.
"naomi klein states in her book the shock doctrine that cameron's research and his contribution to the mkultra project was actually not about mind control and brainwashing, but about designing ""a scientifically based system for extracting information from 'resistant sources.'"	"naomi klein argues in her book the shock doctrine that cameron's research and his contribution to the mkultra project was actually not about mind control and brainwashing, but about designing ""a scientifically based system for extracting information from 'resistant sources.'"
reed died from cancer in pasadena, california at the age of only 59. however, he was also hiv-positive which, according to his death certificate, was a contributing factor to reed's death.	reed died from cancer in pasadena, california at the age of 59. however, he was also hiv-positive which, according to his death certificate, was a contributing factor to reed's death.
big rigs: over the road racing is a computer game released by stellar stone in 2003. it has received numerous horrible reviews, many of which have refered to it as the worst computer game of all time.	big rigs: over the road racing is a computer game released by stellar stone in 2003. it has received numerous negative reviews, many of which have refered to it as the worst computer game of all time.
the three main jewish denominations -- orthodox judaism, conservative judaism and reform judaism -- maintain the belief that the jews have been chosen by god for a purpose.	the three largest modern jewish denominations -- orthodox judaism, conservative judaism and reform judaism -- maintain the belief that the jews have been chosen by god for a purpose.
he also received attention from the scientific community, who were interested in examining his alleged psychic abilities.	he also received attention from the scientific community, who were interested in examining his reported psychic abilities.
crowd of patriots at the louisville tea party on april 15, 2009	crowd of protestors at the louisville tea party on april 15, 2009
reports of a massacre were subsequently debunked .	reports of a massacre were subsequently refuted .
he recorded his 2, 000 career strikeout in the second inning, striking out baltimore orioles catcher ramon hernandez.	he recorded his 2, 000th career strikeout in the second inning, striking out baltimore orioles catcher ramon hernandez.
file:hellenicarmyseal.svg| sinister depiction of an eastern roman double-headed eagle on the seal of the army of greece	file:hellenicarmyseal.svg| depiction of an eastern roman double-headed eagle on the seal of the army of greece
krita, formerly known as kimageshop and krayon ( ugly legal matters caused the change of krayon to krita), is the painting program and image editor for the koffice suite.	krita, formerly known as kimageshop and krayon (legal matters caused the change of krayon to krita), is the painting program and image editor for the koffice suite.
"(which introduced the concept of robots and the word ""robot"" for the first time); nineteen eighty-four, which takes place in a totalitarian atheist invasive super state; brave new world, where the human population is placed under a caste of psychological allocation; fahrenheit 451, where the state burns books to create apathy and disinterest by the general public; a clockwork orange, where the state undertakes to reform violent youths; blade runner in which genetically engineered ""replicants"" infiltrate society and must be hunted down before they injure humans; the matrix, which depicts a future earth wherein war between humans and ai machines has led the sentient machines to trap the entire human race in a computer-programmed simulated virtual reality called ""the matrix""; the hunger games, in which the government controls its people by maintaining a constant state of fear through forcing randomly selected children to participate in an annual fight to the death; logan's run, in which both population and the consumption of resources are maintained in equilibrium by requiring the death of everyone reaching a particular age; soylent green, where society suffers from pollution, overpopulation, depleted resources, poverty, dying oceans, a hot climate, and much of the population survives on processed food rations, including ""soylent green""."	"(which introduced the concept of robots and the word ""robot"" for the first time); nineteen eighty-four, which takes place in a totalitarian invasive super state; brave new world, where the human population is placed under a caste of psychological allocation; fahrenheit 451, where the state burns books to create apathy and disinterest by the general public; a clockwork orange, where the state undertakes to reform violent youths; blade runner in which genetically engineered ""replicants"" infiltrate society and must be hunted down before they injure humans; the matrix, which depicts a future earth wherein war between humans and ai machines has led the sentient machines to trap the entire human race in a computer-programmed simulated virtual reality called ""the matrix""; the hunger games, in which the government controls its people by maintaining a constant state of fear through forcing randomly selected children to participate in an annual fight to the death; logan's run, in which both population and the consumption of resources are maintained in equilibrium by requiring the death of everyone reaching a particular age; soylent green, where society suffers from pollution, overpopulation, depleted resources, poverty, dying oceans, a hot climate, and much of the population survives on processed food rations, including ""soylent green""."
nonetheless, irreducible complexity continues to be cited as an important argument by creationists, particularly intelligent design proponents.	nonetheless, irreducible complexity continues to be cited as an argument by creationists, particularly intelligent design proponents.
he became a bright pupil of evangelista torricelli and worked on physics and geometry.	he became a pupil of evangelista torricelli and worked on physics and geometry.
they serve to shield clients from pro-life demonstrators at the site.	they serve to insulate clients from pro-life demonstrators at the site.
watson then refuted these claims on the sea shepherd website.	watson then denied these claims on the sea shepherd website.
", which provides a decent solution to vandalism on wikipedia, in that it encourages vandals only to vandalize the article on chickens: ""...instead of vandalizing wikipedia in general, we all just vandalize the chicken article."""	", which provides a solution to vandalism on wikipedia, in that it encourages vandals only to vandalize the article on chickens: ""...instead of vandalizing wikipedia in general, we all just vandalize the chicken article."""
his prominent critics and defenders both include peers in sexology.	bailey's prominent critics and defenders both include peers in sexology.
"david russell leisure (born november 16, 1950) is an american actor best known for his role as charley dietz in the sitcom empty nest from 1988 to 1995 and fictional (and ""lying"") automotive ""pitch man"" joe isuzu in a popular series of north american television commercials for isuzu from 1986 to 1990, and again from 1999 to 2001."	"david russell leisure (born november 16, 1950) is an american actor best known for his role as charley dietz in the sitcom empty nest from 1988 to 1995 and fictional (and ""lying"") automotive ""pitch man"" joe isuzu in a series of north american television commercials for isuzu from 1986 to 1990, and again from 1999 to 2001."
"although using the word to describe whiteman's music seems absurd today, at the time the film was made, ""jazz"", to the general public, meant the jazz-influenced syncopated dance music which was being heard everywhere on phonograph records and through radio broadcasts."	"although using the word to describe whiteman's music may seem absurd today, at the time the film was made, ""jazz"", to the general public, meant the jazz-influenced syncopated dance music which was being heard everywhere on phonograph records and through radio broadcasts."
"mankind has settled the moon, where the moon base ""delta-4"" is a central setting, while the rest of the solar system is being explored."	"humanity has settled the moon, where the moon base ""delta-4"" is a central setting, while the rest of the solar system is being explored."
it struck the destroyer amidships, breaking its back.	this torpedo struck the destroyer amidships, breaking its back.
within ten days of its premiere, the video had already garnered over 2 million views.	within ten days of its premiere, the video had garnered over 2 million views.
the aggression was repulsed but the war was to continue for a year and a half.	the attack was repulsed but the war was to continue for a year and a half.
"he gained local attention after the release of his single ""homicide"" featuring fellow baton rouge rapper scotty cain in december 2015 and later widespread attention after the release of his hit single, 38 baby in august 2016. his most recent mixtape, ai youngboy, was released in august 2017."	"he gained local attention after the release of his single ""homicide"" featuring fellow baton rouge rapper scotty cain in december 2015 and later widespread attention after the release of his single, 38 baby in august 2016. his most recent mixtape, ai youngboy, was released in august 2017."
though non-hentai loli does not technically exist, many series make use of lolicon themes or evoke the fetish through stalker-like characters.	though non-hentai loli does not technically exist, many series make use of lolicon themes or evoke the fetish through their characters.
the judgement sic of the unbeliever is that he is killed.	the judgement of the unbeliever is that he is killed.
"with stubborn local-government favoritism toward coal and inadequate long-distance transmission capacity, gansu ""now has some of the highest rates of underutilization in the wind sector in china""."	"with local-government favoritism toward coal and inadequate long-distance transmission capacity, gansu ""now has some of the highest rates of underutilization in the wind sector in china""."
loki is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	loki is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
not to be confused with the 2007 film battle for haditha which chronicles the haditha killings.	not to be confused with the 2007 film battle for haditha which portrays the haditha killings.
poor production quality began as a must for early black metal bands with low budgets.	low-cost production quality began as a must for early black metal bands with low budgets.
shortly after the election, gordon brown announced his resignation as leader of the labour party.	four days after the election, gordon brown announced his resignation as leader of the labour party.
unitarianism is a liberal christian theology known primarily for holding that god is only one person, in contrast to the doctrine of the trinity (god as three persons in one), and that god is a separate being from jesus christ.	unitarianism is a christian theology known primarily for holding that god is only one person, in contrast to the doctrine of the trinity (god as three persons in one), and that god is a separate being from jesus christ.
bosnian, bosanac) are a peaceful nation and people whose country is bosnia and herzegovina.	bosnian, bosanac) are a nation and people whose country is bosnia and herzegovina.
glasnost rescinded limitations on political freedoms in the soviet union which led to problems within the non-russian nations occupied unlawfully in the build-up to war in the 1940s.	glasnost rescinded limitations on political freedoms in the soviet union which led to problems within the non-russian nations occupied in the build-up to war in the 1940s.
george benjamin walker, the third son of the walkers, was born in calcutta on 25 november 1913. he matriculated from the prestigious calcutta boys' school with distinctions in english and urdu in 1929. at school, as a keen young scout, he was patrol leader in the 9th first calcutta troop.	george benjamin walker, the third son of the walkers, was born in calcutta on 25 november 1913. he matriculated from the calcutta boys' school with distinctions in english and urdu in 1929. at school, as a keen young scout, he was patrol leader in the 9th first calcutta troop.
his unabashed enthusiasm for dangerous animals and childlike energy sometimes made him appear simple, which initially drew some criticism at home.	his unabashed enthusiasm for dangerous animals and childlike energy sometimes made him appear simple, which drew some criticism at home.
the secretion of sodium bicarbonate from the pancreas is stimulated by gastrin .	the secretion of sodium bicarbonate from the pancreas is stimulated by secretin .
the two-year inquisition cost levant around $100,000 in legal costs, and alberta taxpayers an estimated $500,000.	the two-year tribunal process cost levant around $100,000 in legal costs, and alberta taxpayers an estimated $500,000.
in july, the first successful replication of the excess heat was completed by richard oriani, a professor of physical chemistry at the university of minnesota.	in july, the first successful replication of the excess heat was reported by richard oriani, a professor of physical chemistry at the university of minnesota.
l-tower was demolished after the war and ironically replaced by a very similar looking building by t-mobile.	l-tower was demolished after the war and replaced by a very similar looking building by t-mobile.
friends of hamas controversy	friends of hamas story
the pathetically low data capacity of a floppy disk makes it an unpopular and obsolete choice in 2007.	the low data capacity of a floppy disk makes it an unpopular and obsolete choice in 2007.
the film was released in 1982. the music composed in the film was by ace music director khayyam and the lyrics were written by majrooh sultanpuri.	the film was released in 1982. the music composed in the film was by music director khayyam and the lyrics were written by majrooh sultanpuri.
the fable and its negative version	the fable and its counter version
in congress, blagojevich continued to champion what he called anti-crime measures, especially gun control legislation.	in congress, blagojevich continued to advocate what he called anti-crime measures, especially gun control legislation.
urban legend is also the name of a terrible 1998 movie.	urban legend is also the name of a 1998 movie.
"the ""revolution of roses"" (often translated into english as the rose revolution) ( - vardebis revolutsia) was a bloodless change of power in georgia in november 2003, which took place after widespread protests over the disputed parliamentary elections."	"the ""revolution of roses"" (often translated into english as the rose revolution) ( - vardebis revolutsia) was a change of power in georgia in november 2003, which took place after widespread protests over the disputed parliamentary elections."
savitt was elected for membership into the prestigious sphinx head society at cornell during his senior year.	savitt was elected for membership into the sphinx head society at cornell during his senior year.
edward larrabee barnes (april 22, 1915 september 22, 2004) was a prolific american architect.	edward larrabee barnes (april 22, 1915 september 22, 2004) was a american architect.
the play is set in occupied ireland during the 18th century.	the play is set in ireland during the 18th century.
"the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, widely known as the ""lds church"" or the ""mormon church"", is the largest and most well-known denomination within the latter day saint movement (a form of christian restorationism)."	"the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, widely known as the ""lds church"" or the ""mormon church"", is the largest and most well-known denomination within the latter day saint movement (a form of restorationism)."
famously a call to create a version of macdraw for intel machines was made in introduction to algorithms.	a call to create a version of macdraw for intel machines was made in introduction to algorithms.
a broadly influential figure in post-wwii america, her work attracted both fanatical admiration and scathing denunciations.	a broadly influential figure in post-wwii america, her work attracted both enthusiastic admiration and scathing denunciations.
july 19 - cso preliminary 2006 census findings indicate that the populations of ireland is 4,234,925 million, an increase of 8.6% since 2002 and at its highest since 1861	july 19 - cso preliminary 2006 census findings indicate that the population of the republic of ireland is 4,234,925 million, an increase of 8.6% since 2002 and at its highest since 1861
on november 4, st. clair's forces, despite washington's warning, were ambushed and humiliatingly defeated by a confederated indian army.	on november 4, st. clair's forces, despite washington's warning, were ambushed and overwhelmingly defeated by a confederated indian army.
in 1950 ros montt graduated as a cadet at the school of the americas in panama, notorious for educating cadets, loyal to washington, in coup-plotting, political repression, torture, assassination, and hysterical anticommunist propaganda.	in 1950 ros montt graduated as a cadet at the school of the americas in panama, notorious for educating cadets, loyal to washington, in coup-plotting, political repression, torture, assassination, and strong anticommunist propaganda.
pamela stephenson, new zealand-born comedienne , actress, and singer	pamela stephenson, new zealand-born comedian , actress, and singer
the novels that he wrote for a young audience are a fascinating mixture of adolescent and adult themes.	the novels that he wrote for a young audience are a mixture of adolescent and adult themes.
created in 1967 at rocquencourt near paris, on the premises abandoned by shape, inria is a public scientific and technological establishment (epst) under the double supervision of the french research ministry and the ministry of economy, finance and industry.	created in 1967 at rocquencourt near paris, on the premises left by shape, inria is a public scientific and technological establishment (epst) under the double supervision of the french research ministry and the ministry of economy, finance and industry.
young children are typically indoctrinated through the use of scare tactics that incorporate apocalyptic terror prophecy, which has proven extremely effective in sect retention/attendance.	young children are typically indoctrinated through the use of scare tactics that incorporate apocalypctic terror prophecy, which has proven extremely effective in sect retention/attendance.
"on december 27th, 2005 kane ""beat the clock"" with a phenomenal time of 0:28 by double chokeslamming the heart throbs and will enter the elimination chamber last."	"on december 27th, 2005 kane ""beat the clock"" with a time of 0:28 by double chokeslamming the heart throbs and will enter the elimination chamber last."
harassment of digital games academics and researchers	accusations of digital games academics and researchers
as of 2004 it was announced the luftwaffe's fast jet combat fleet will be reduced to only 265 aircraft by 2015. however, with the cut in orders from 180 typhoons to 140, the luftwaffe's fast jet combat force is set to fall to only 225 aircraft by 2015.	as of 2004 it was announced the luftwaffe's fast jet combat fleet will be reduced to only 265 aircraft by 2015. however, with the cut in orders from 180 typhoons to 140, the luftwaffe's fast jet combat force is set to fall to 225 aircraft by 2015.
the barrymore family is an inspirational american acting family.	the barrymore family is an american acting family.
the lachine canal, in montreal, is badly polluted	the lachine canal, in montreal, is significantly polluted
"this unfortunate limitation was alleviated as the price of 32 kb expansion card and a 4 kb ""mini memory"" module eventually came down, but by then the market had moved over to other computers."	"this limitation was alleviated as the price of 32 kb expansion card and a 4 kb ""mini memory"" module eventually came down, but by then the market had moved over to other computers."
one of the first known demonstrations in france against the excessive taxation of petrol prices dates back to 1933 in lille.	one of the first known demonstrations in france against the taxation of petrol prices dates back to 1933 in lille.
then the saints sent him over to play for the rhein fire of nfl europe in 2001.	the saints sent him over to play for the rhein fire of nfl europe in 2001.
when frederick augusta barnard died in 1830 it was stated in the gentleman's magazine that 'he was presumed to be a natural son of frederick, prince of wales', a statement repeated in the same magazine in 1834 , repeated in edward edwards, lives of the founders of the british museum (1870), page 468, and several subsequent reference works , and perpetuated by a descendant, the eccentric herald james arnold frere, in his the british monarchy at home (1963), pages 42, 45 and 139.	when frederick augusta barnard died in 1830 it was stated in the gentleman's magazine that 'he was presumed to be a natural son of frederick, prince of wales', a statement repeated in the same magazine in 1834 , repeated in edward edwards, lives of the founders of the british museum (1870), page 468, and several subsequent reference works , and perpetuated by a descendant, the herald james arnold frere , in his the british monarchy at home (1963), pages 42, 45 and 139.
bardaisan (, ; 154222; also latinized as bardesanes) was a syriac gnostic , founder of the bardaisanites, and an outstanding scientist, scholar, astrologer, philosopher and poet, also renowned for his knowledge of india, on which he wrote a book, now lost.	bardaisan (, ; 154222; also latinized as bardesanes) was a syriac gnostic , founder of the bardaisanites, and an scientist, scholar, astrologer, philosopher and poet, also renowned for his knowledge of india, on which he wrote a book, now lost.
braithwaite continued to write marvelous novels and short stories throughout his long international career as an educational consultant and lecturer for unesco; permanent representative to the united nations for guyana; guyana's ambassador to venezuela; and academic.	braithwaite continued to write novels and short stories throughout his long international career as an educational consultant and lecturer for unesco; permanent representative to the united nations for guyana; guyana's ambassador to venezuela; and academic.
in 1920, j. thomas looney advanced the absurd theory that de vere was the actual author of william shakespeare's plays.	in 1920, j. thomas looney advanced the theory that de vere was the actual author of william shakespeare's plays.
nasty disposition some species are too ill-tempered to be good candidates for domestication.	disposition some species are too ill-tempered to be good candidates for domestication.
another difference is that mirandese remains very conservative, while asturian has evolved .	another difference is that mirandese remains very conservative, while asturian has changed .
it was the occasion of the notorious tet offensive in 1968.	it was the occasion of the tet offensive in 1968.
the hadith of najd is a famous hadith with several chains of narration about three geographical locations.	the hadith of najd is a hadith with several chains of narration about three geographical locations.
peretz, in addition to prime minister ehud olmert, has come under a torrent of criticism for his bungling of the crisis with lebanon.	peretz, in addition to prime minister ehud olmert, has come under a torrent of criticism for his handling of the crisis with lebanon.
federman is currently the spiritual leader of the hilltop youth, a right-wing jewish youth movement which seizes strategic hilltops throughout the occupied west bank).	federman is currently the spiritual leader of the hilltop youth, a right-wing jewish youth movement which seizes strategic hilltops throughout the west bank).
the first book, 2002's the mtter museum: of the college of physicians of philadelphia, contains images of the museum's fascinating exhibits shot by contemporary fine art photographers.	the first book, 2002's the mtter museum: of the college of physicians of philadelphia, contains images of the museum's exhibits shot by contemporary fine art photographers.
note: there are many good science magazines that are not scientific journals, including new scientist and scientific american.	note: there are many science magazines that are not scientific journals, including new scientist and scientific american.
readmitted to union	readmitted to congress
however, such claims were criticized even by other creationist workers during the mid-1970s.	however, such claims were criticized by other creationist workers during the mid-1970s.
it is usually the result of a stroke, although disease processes affecting the spinal cord and other diseases affecting the hemispheres are equally capable of producing this affliction .	it is usually the result of a stroke, although disease processes affecting the spinal cord and other diseases affecting the hemispheres are equally capable of producing this clinical state .
the year is 1999 54 years later, mankind is still fighting to survive against the alien forces.	the year is 1999 54 years later, humankind is still fighting to survive against the alien forces.
"andrew kokoraleis was executed at tamms in 1999. former political prisoner richard m. flood was one of the first persons taken to tamms when it opened in 1998 for unspecified ""administrative"" reasons."	"andrew kokoraleis was executed at tamms in 1999. former prisoner richard m. flood was one of the first persons taken to tamms when it opened in 1998 for unspecified ""administrative"" reasons."
the general area of k2 lies in the region of gilgit-baltistan in pok .	the general area of k2 lies in the region of gilgit-baltistan in pakistan .
know and remember that we are all valuable and deserve to be in relationships that enhance our worth, bring out the best in us, and where we feel safe.	believe and remember that we are all valuable and deserve to be in relationships that enhance our worth, bring out the best in us, and where we feel safe.
"the expression ""happy ending"" is a colloquial term for the practice of a masseuse to offer sexual release to a client."	"the expression ""happy ending"" is a colloquial term for the practice of a provider to offer sexual release to a client."
he had previously stated the same mistake on his october 3, 2005 show.	he had previously stated the same falsehood on his october 3, 2005 show.
"the fitness professional also offers a streaming program called akt on demand, which was named one of vogue's best online workouts in 2016, and a dvd collection that features her signature ""happy hour"" workout."	"the fitness professional also offers a streaming program called akt on demand, which was named one of vogue's best online workouts in 2016, and a dvd collection that features her ""happy hour"" workout."
she is best known for her children's book illustrations and her album art.	she is known for her children's book illustrations and her album art.
prior to his distinguished career in public service, ayalon was a partner at gravitas ltd., an international consulting group, past president of private investment firm hod ayalon ltd, and a finance manager for koor industries.	prior to his career in public service, ayalon was a partner at gravitas ltd., an international consulting group, past president of private investment firm hod ayalon ltd, and a finance manager for koor industries.
son of god in other mythologies	son of god in other belief systems
as a result of the unofficial catalan independence referendum, 2017, reactions came from a multitude of avenues, including the domestic central state and other official bodies, as well as international commentary.	as a result of the catalan independence referendum, 2017, reactions came from a multitude of avenues, including the domestic central state and other official bodies, as well as international commentary.
"the current company, which is based in san antonio, texas, was formed in 2005 by sbc communications' purchase of its former parent company, at&t corp. as a part of the merger, sbc shed its name and took on the iconic at&t moniker (originally american telephone and telegraph) and the famed t stock-trading symbol (for ""telephone"")."	"the current company, which is based in san antonio, texas, was formed in 2005 by sbc communications' purchase of its former parent company, at&t corp. as a part of the merger, sbc shed its name and took on the iconic at&t moniker (originally american telephone and telegraph) and the t stock-trading symbol (for ""telephone"")."
ever since the conflict between israel and gaza in 2009, in which 1300 palestinians were massacred, the relations between both countries have strained quite largely, with turkey criticizing israel's recent retaliatory campaign against the people of gaza.	ever since the conflict between israel and gaza in 2009, in which 1300 palestinians were massacred, the relations between both countries have strained quite largely, with turkey criticizing israel's recent campaign against the people of gaza.
the event went on for hours with cyclist versus motorist fights, crushed bicycles and police abuse that eventually ended in more than two hundred arrests.	the event went on for hours with cyclist versus motorist fights, crushed bicycles and police actions that eventually ended in more than two hundred arrests.
orlando figes goes as far to assert that it is possible more people were murdered by the cheka than died in battle.	orlando figes goes as far to assert that it is possible more people were killed by the cheka than died in battle.
the sorority house where bluto climbs the ladder to peek in on the coeds was actually the exterior of the sigma nu fraternity.	the sorority house where bluto climbs the ladder to peek in on the female students was actually the exterior of the sigma nu fraternity.
bad-luck was a factor with the italian's 2006 campaign, with the loss of podium finishes occuring all too often.	mechanical failure was a factor with the italian's 2006 campaign, with the loss of podium finishes occuring all too often.
charles attended tonbridge school, then later matriculated at christ church, oxford, on the 11th of april 1674. when about sixteen years of age he joined sir john narborough's fleet in the mediterranean, and won his first distinction in arms in the destruction of the dey's fleet under the very guns of tripoli.	charles attended tonbridge school, then later matriculated at christ church, oxford, on the 11th of april 1674. when about sixteen years of age he joined sir john narborough's fleet in the mediterranean, and won his first distinction in arms in the destruction of the dey 's fleet under the guns of tripoli.
local connecticut politicians have little influence since the terminal would be located entirely within waters that are part of new york state (although connecticut senators and congresswomen may be able to stop the platform at the federal level).	local connecticut politicians have little influence since the terminal would be located entirely within waters that are part of new york state (although connecticut senators and representatives may be able to stop the platform at the federal level).
sanders is best known for being among the most prolific running backs in nfl history who notoriously cut his career short in its prime, leaving him just short of walter payton's all-time rushing record (which has been since broken by emmitt smith).	sanders is best known for being among the most prolific running backs in nfl history who cut his career short in its prime, leaving him just short of walter payton's all-time rushing record (which has been since broken by emmitt smith).
svetlana is a comedy series starring comedienne iris bahr.	svetlana is a comedy series starring comedian iris bahr.
24 september 1963) is a prominent singaporean choral conductor recognised internationally.	24 september 1963) is a singaporean choral conductor recognised internationally.
however, in a recent survey commissioned by the bbc, 48% of 1,000 people claimed that manchester deserves the distinction with only 40% choosing birmingham.	however, in a recent survey commissioned by the bbc, 48% of 1,000 people claimed that manchester deserves the distinction with 40% choosing birmingham.
the protection, prevention, treatment and support for children affected by hiv and aids remains tragically insufficient.	the protection, prevention, treatment and support for children affected by hiv and aids remains insufficient.
"four losers hanging out at the gas station give lloyd advice on his girl troubles, and he finally asks them, ""if you guys know so much about women, how come you're here at like gas 'n sip on a saturday night, completely alone, drinking beers, no women anywhere?"""	"four slackers hanging out at the gas station give lloyd advice on his girl troubles, and he finally asks them, ""if you guys know so much about women, how come you're here at like gas 'n sip on a saturday night, completely alone, drinking beers, no women anywhere?"""
"after the arrest of three of the band members for hooliganism in the cathedral of christ the saviour , feminism was called a ""mortal sin"" by a lawyer representing the evil russian orthodox church."	"after the arrest of three of the band members for hooliganism in the cathedral of christ the saviour , feminism was called a ""mortal sin"" by a lawyer representing the russian orthodox church."
a preliminary design by architect frank gehry proved highly controversial.	a preliminary design by architect frank gehry proved controversial.
one of the victims of ted patrick's deprogramming, kirsten nielsen, was (and still is) a member of the vine house community.	one of the recipients of ted patrick's deprogramming, kirsten nielsen, was (and still is) a member of the vine house community.
litherland made his belated afl debut against essendon in round 2, 2014 as a late replacement for sam mitchell.	litherland made his afl debut against essendon in round 2, 2014 as a late replacement for sam mitchell.
after leaving the band in late 1981, clarke forged an equally successful career with the duo yazoo (known as yaz in the u.s.).	after leaving the band in late 1981, clarke forged an equally notable career with the duo yazoo (known as yaz in the u.s.).
profanity — with a discussion of how words can differ in meaning and offensiveness depending on who is using them.	profanity — with a discussion of how words can differ in meaning and offensiveness depending on who is observing them.
miss griffith (as she then was) was working as a model when she was recruited to become an oss agent in spain, where she later met and married her late husband.	miss griffith (as she then was) was working as a model when she was recruited to become an oss employee in spain, where she later met and married her late husband.
1979), one of the sons of terrorist osama bin laden, continued in his father's footsteps, occupying a position of prominence within al qaeda.	1979), one of the sons of osama bin laden, continued in his father's footsteps, occupying a position of prominence within al qaeda.
adam douglas driver (born november 19, 1983) is an emmy-nominated american actor.	adam douglas driver (born november 19, 1983) is an american actor.
instance of how the cafcass complaints procedure operates in practice	instance of how the cafcass complaints procedure has operated in practice
many veterans of the game recommend strongly against playing in this mode, as they believe it ruins the dmc experience.	some veterans of the game recommend strongly against playing in this mode, as they believe it ruins the dmc experience.
in 1974, the pnc approved the ten point program formulated by fatah's leaders, which calls for the establishment of a national authority over any piece of liberated palestinian land, and to actively pursue the establishment of a democratic state in israel/palestine.	in 1974, the pnc approved the ten point program formulated by fatah's leaders, which calls for the establishment of a national authority over any piece of captured palestinian land, and to actively pursue the establishment of a democratic state in israel/palestine.
acorn, the association of community organizations for reform now, is a left-wing community organization of low- and moderate-income families that addresses housing, schools, neighborhood safety, health care, job conditions, and other social issues that affect its members.	acorn, the association of community organizations for reform now, is a community organization of low- and moderate-income families that addresses housing, schools, neighborhood safety, health care, job conditions, and other social issues that affect its members.
following his astounding success in the 2006 election, tony lupton was promoted to the position of parliamentary secrerary for industry and innovation.	following his success in the 2006 election, tony lupton was promoted to the position of parliamentary secrerary for industry and innovation.
she was regius professor of greek at the university of cambridge from 1994 to 2001. she was the 36th person and the first woman to hold the prestigious post.	she was regius professor of greek at the university of cambridge from 1994 to 2001. she was the 36th person and the first woman to hold the post.
velasquez's last fight was at ufc 99 against former kickboxer and established ufc heavyweight contender cheick kongo.	velasquez's last fight was at ufc 99 against former kickboxer and established ufc heavyweight cheick kongo.
he was tragically killed whilst out walking in stormy weather with his wife, on new years' day 2007. high winds blew down electrical cables in a field near his house in wembury, causing his electrocution.	he was killed whilst out walking in stormy weather with his wife, on new years' day 2007. high winds blew down electrical cables in a field near his house in wembury, causing his electrocution.
yno's theatrical ideology is greatly inspired by the visions of antonin artaud.	yno's theatrical ideology is inspired by the visions of antonin artaud.
gracie fields, actress, singer and comedienne was a former resident.	gracie fields, actress, singer and comedian was a former resident.
the lashkar-e-toiba was first involved in the mujahideen resistance against soviet forces in afghanistan in the 1980s and early 1990s.	the lashkar-e-toiba was first involved in the mujahideen militance against soviet forces in afghanistan in the 1980s and early 1990s.
by 1750, tiepolo's reputation was firmly established throughout europe, and accompanied by his son giandomenico, he traveled to wrzburg at the call of prince bishop karl philipp von greiffenklau in 1750, where he resided for three years and executed magnificent ceiling paintings in the new residenz palace (completed 1744).	by 1750, tiepolo's reputation was firmly established throughout europe, and accompanied by his son giandomenico, he traveled to wrzburg at the call of prince bishop karl philipp von greiffenklau in 1750, where he resided for three years and executed ceiling paintings in the new residenz palace (completed 1744).
both major united states political parties (democratic and republican) have expressed their support for the u.s. citizens in puerto rico to exercise their right to decolonization .	both major united states political parties (democratic and republican) have expressed their support for the u.s. citizens in puerto rico to exercise their right to self-determination .
also, as bonus payments can be achieved by meeting targets set by the student, this encourages the setting of easily achieveable targets so that a student can get the money.	also, as bonus payments can be achieved by meeting targets set by the student, this may encourage the setting of easily achieveable targets so that a student can get the money.
yun kihyeon is a korean baduk (go) player who has won the prestigious guksu title twice.	yun kihyeon is a korean baduk (go) player who has won the guksu title twice.
the 2006 dublin republican riots are a series of riots which began as a contentious love ulster demonstration, scheduled to begin in dublin, ireland on february 25, 2006 when members of an garda sochna, the police force of the republic of ireland, attempted to disperse a group of irish republican counter-demonstrators who were blocking the route of the proposed march on o'connell street.	the 2006 dublin riots are a series of riots which began as a contentious love ulster demonstration, scheduled to begin in dublin, ireland on february 25, 2006 when members of an garda sochna, the police force of the republic of ireland, attempted to disperse a group of irish republican counter-demonstrators who were blocking the route of the proposed march on o'connell street.
private companies in the united states operate 264 correctional facilities, housing almost 99,000 adult offenders .	private companies in the united states operate 264 correctional facilities, housing almost 99,000 adult convicts .
the effects of these developments on the paralympics have led to several notable boycotts .	the effects of these developments on the paralympics have led to several notable political actions .
"the united states was taking over the role of ""protector"" from france in the area and the fear was that communism would prevail over the democratic governments in the region."	"the united states was taking over the role of ""protector"" from france in the area and the fear was that communism would prevail over the pro-u.s. governments in the region."
sherrin is a popular brand of football used in australian rules football and is the official ball of the australian football league, designed to its official specifications.	sherrin is a brand of football used in australian rules football and is the official ball of the australian football league, designed to its official specifications.
the dinka's pastoral lifestyle is also reflected in their religious beliefs and practices (which are not animist in character, contrary to what has been speculated and unfortunately erroneously propagated in much of the international media).	the dinka's pastoral lifestyle is also reflected in their religious beliefs and practices (which are not animist in character, contrary to what has been speculated and erroneously propagated in much of the international media).
the league was powerless and mostly silent in the face of major events leading to world war ii such as hitler's re-militarisation of the rhineland, occupation of the sudetenland and absorbtion of austria.	the league was powerless and mostly silent in the face of major events leading to world war ii such as hitler's re-militarisation of the rhineland, occupation of the sudetenland and seizure of austria.
lucille ball (august 6, 1911 april 26, 1989) was an iconic american comedienne, film, television, stage and radio actress, glamour girl, film executive, and star of the landmark sitcoms i love lucy, the lucy-desi comedy hour, the lucy show and here's lucy.	lucille ball (august 6, 1911 april 26, 1989) was an american comedienne, film, television, stage and radio actress, glamour girl, film executive, and star of the landmark sitcoms i love lucy, the lucy-desi comedy hour, the lucy show and here's lucy.
"she is also well known for her portrayal of ""mittens"" in bolt."	"she is also known for her portrayal of ""mittens"" in bolt."
lucille ball, actress and comedienne ; father was part scottish-american	lucille ball, actress and comedian ; father was part scottish-american
hunting is the practice of murdering animals for food, recreation, trade or for their products.	hunting is the practice of pursuing animals for food, recreation, trade or for their products.
"the broad range of avatar's deliberate or perceived themes and subtexts has prompted reviewers to call it ""an all-purpose allegory"" and ""the season's ideological rorschach blot""."	"the broad range of avatar's intentional or perceived themes and subtexts has prompted reviewers to call it ""an all-purpose allegory"" and ""the season's ideological rorschach blot""."
the title of the book refers to an article of clothing, a red sweater, found near the mushroom bed where ranucci admitted to have been on the day of the crime, which seemed similar to that worn by another satyr who, on the first week-end of june 1974, tried to bother children in another marseilles estate, just two days before rambla's kidnapping and murder.	the title of the book refers to an article of clothing, a red sweater, found near the mushroom bed where ranucci admitted to have been on the day of the crime, which seemed similar to that worn by another man who, on the first week-end of june 1974, tried to bother children in another marseilles estate, just two days before rambla's kidnapping and murder.
google commonly censors search results to comply with digital millennium copyright act-related legal complaints.	google commonly removes search results to comply with digital millennium copyright act-related legal complaints.
the dedicated fanatics of the program as a result fought to keep the show and produce more episodes.	the dedicated fans of the program as a result fought to keep the show and produce more episodes.
when sue was diagnosed with cancer in march of 2013, berkeley's freight & salvage (long a bay area center of folk music and a favorite of sue's, having performed there many times over the years from the beginnings of her career and as recently as 2010) held a special concert to show support for and honor her on april 1, 2013. among those performing in recognition of sue's important contributions to music were musicians eric & suzy thompson, jody stecher & kate brislin, and will spires (who had played with sue in the early years of her career as a fiddler), tempest, golden bough, and kathy kallick, (who had played with sue when her career had been firmly established), as well as laurie lewis & tom rozum, tony marcus & patrice haan, paul hale string quartet, live oak ceili band with the patricia kennelly irish step dancers, don burnham & the bolos, johnny harper, delilah lewis & karen leigh, harry & cindy liedstrand, and gerry tenney & the hard times orchestra.	when sue was diagnosed with cancer in march of 2013, berkeley's freight & salvage (long a bay area center of folk music and a favorite of sue's, having performed there many times over the years from the beginnings of her career and as recently as 2010) held a special concert to show support for and honor her on april 1, 2013. among those performing in recognition of sue's contributions to music were musicians eric & suzy thompson, jody stecher & kate brislin, and will spires (who had played with sue in the early years of her career as a fiddler), tempest, golden bough, and kathy kallick, (who had played with sue when her career had been firmly established), as well as laurie lewis & tom rozum, tony marcus & patrice haan, paul hale string quartet, live oak ceili band with the patricia kennelly irish step dancers, don burnham & the bolos, johnny harper, delilah lewis & karen leigh, harry & cindy liedstrand, and gerry tenney & the hard times orchestra.
texas state technical college system (tstc) is a great system of two-year technical schools in texas.	texas state technical college system (tstc) is a system of two-year technical schools in texas.
the main rationale for the iraq war offered by u.s. president george w. bush, former prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair, former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar and their domestic and foreign supporters, was the belief that iraq possessed and was actively developing weapons of mass destruction (wmd).	the main rationale for the iraq war offered by u.s. president george w. bush, former prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair, former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar and their domestic and foreign supporters, was the allegation that iraq possessed and was actively developing weapons of mass destruction (wmd).
he cited a ridiculous text of unidentified origin, whose author (allegedly boris stomakhin) advocated jihad and nuclear strike on the russian federation by chechen fighters.	he cited a text of unidentified origin, whose author (allegedly boris stomakhin) advocated jihad and nuclear strike on the russian federation by chechen fighters.
errenzhuan is a very popular kind of opera that evolved from a folk dance called dongbeidayangge and folk songs like lianhualao, a kind of ballad.	errenzhuan is a popular kind of opera that evolved from a folk dance called dongbeidayangge and folk songs like lianhualao, a kind of ballad.
traditionally , only the woman does so, however a growing number of men are changing their last names after marriage as well.	usually , only the woman does so, however a growing number of men are changing their last names after marriage as well.
local talent includes former kmov reporter jamie allman (morning host), marc cox (early afternoons) and dave glover (late afternoons), the lawyer-turned-comedy/current events talk show host whom the station developed its lineup around when it changed to a talk radio format.	local hosts includes former kmov reporter jamie allman (morning host), marc cox (early afternoons) and dave glover (late afternoons), the lawyer-turned-comedy/current events talk show host whom the station developed its lineup around when it changed to a talk radio format.
the controlled demolition hypothesis is the belief that the world trade center was not destroyed by the planes that crashed into it as part of the september 11th attacks, nor by the fires that followed, but by explosives or other devices planted in the buildings in advance.	the controlled demolition hypothesis is the idea that the world trade center was not destroyed by the planes that crashed into it as part of the september 11th attacks, nor by the fires that followed, but by explosives or other devices planted in the buildings in advance.
microstrategy, inc. , is a leading business intelligence (bi) software vendor.	microstrategy, inc. , is a business intelligence (bi) software vendor.
he was assassinated while sleeping in his apartment during a raid by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois states attorneys office (sao), in conjunction with the chicago police department (cpd) and the federal bureau of investigation (fbi).	he was killed while sleeping in his apartment during a raid by a tactical unit of the cook county, illinois states attorneys office (sao), in conjunction with the chicago police department (cpd) and the federal bureau of investigation (fbi).
after her article appeared in 2005, mclean was attacked by byrne with such viciousness that she ceased covering him.	after her article appeared in 2005, mclean was attacked by byrne with such vehemence that she ceased covering him.
the khanasor expedition was an attack of armenian fedayees against the kurdish mazrik tribe on july 25, 1897. in 1896, in the aftermath of the defense of van, the mazrik tribe had ambushed and slaughtered many of the armenian defenders of van as they were retreating into persia.	the khanasor expedition was an offensive of armenian fedayees against the kurdish mazrik tribe on july 25, 1897. in 1896, in the aftermath of the defense of van, the mazrik tribe had ambushed and slaughtered many of the armenian defenders of van as they were retreating into persia.
the strategy began materializing with the destruction of two royal ulster constabulary barracks in ballygawley in december 1985 (where two ruc officers were murdered ), and in the birches in august 1986.	the strategy began materializing with the destruction of two royal ulster constabulary barracks in ballygawley in december 1985 (where two ruc officers were killed ), and in the birches in august 1986.
his satirical street art and subversive epigrams combine dark humour with graffiti executed in a distinctive stencilling technique.	his satirical street art and epigrams combine dark humour with graffiti executed in a distinctive stencilling technique.
the king follett discourse, or king follett sermon, was an address delivered in nauvoo, illinois by joseph smith, president and founder of the latter day saint movement, on april 7, 1844, less than three months before his maytrdom .	the king follett discourse, or king follett sermon, was an address delivered in nauvoo, illinois by joseph smith, president and founder of the latter day saint movement, on april 7, 1844, less than three months before his assassination .
the resolution, mission and subsequent report by the controversial unhrc received mixed reactions.	the resolution, mission and subsequent report by the unhrc received mixed reactions.
often, arabic speakers can adjust their speech in a rich variety of ways according to the context and to their intentionsfor example, to speak with people from different regions, to demonstrate their level of education or to draw on the authority of the spoken language.	often, arabic speakers can adjust their speech in a variety of ways according to the context and to their intentionsfor example, to speak with people from different regions, to demonstrate their level of education or to draw on the authority of the spoken language.
smith is a staunch socialist and is a supporter of the labour party.	smith is a socialist and is a supporter of the labour party.
james forbes is the name of several notable men :	james forbes is the name of several notable people :
however, complaints from the lebanese government led to the creation of the unifil peacekeeping force and a partial israeli withdrawal.	however, objections from the lebanese government led to the creation of the unifil peacekeeping force and a partial israeli withdrawal.
the university of gloucestershire is a leading university in gloucestershire, england, with campuses in cheltenham and gloucester.	the university of gloucestershire is a university in gloucestershire, england, with campuses in cheltenham and gloucester.
unlike certain high-ranking former members of the sed, such as schabowski and gnther kleiber, krenz still defends the old east germany and maintains he has not changed his political views.	unlike other high-ranking former members of the sed, such as schabowski and gnther kleiber, krenz still defends the old east germany and maintains he has not changed his political views.
a 1929 aa still working hard in montevideo, uruguay	a 1929 aa still working in montevideo, uruguay
he lived in the himalayas studying with the kangyur rinpoche and some other great masters of that tradition and became the close student and attendant of dilgo khyentse rinpoche until his passing in 1991. since then, dr. ricard has dedicated his activities to fulfilling khyentse rinpoches vision.	he lived in the himalayas studying with the kangyur rinpoche and some other great masters of that tradition and became the close student and attendant of dilgo khyentse rinpoche until his death in 1991. since then, dr. ricard has dedicated his activities to fulfilling khyentse rinpoches vision.
in the process, the u.s. displaced most indian nations, appropriating their lands and destroying or forcibly relocating many.	in the process, the u.s. displaced most indian nations, stealing their lands and destroying or forcibly relocating many.
carrying the saviour of mankind within her, she herself became the holy of holies.	carrying the saviour of humankind within her, she herself became the holy of holies.
some authorities define a mountain as a peak with a topographic prominence over an arbitrary value: for example, the encyclopdia britannica requires a prominence of 2,000 feet (610 m).	some authorities define a mountain as a peak with a topographic prominence over an defined value: for example, the encyclopdia britannica requires a prominence of 2,000 feet (610 m).
"it featured rosenberg comparing apocalyptic scripture in the bible to modern events, which he correctly views through his ""third lens of scripture."""	"it featured rosenberg comparing apocalyptic scripture in the bible to modern events, which he views through his ""third lens of scripture."""
london nicole breed (born august 11, 1974) is an american elected official who is the unelected acting mayor of san francisco, california.	london nicole breed (born august 11, 1974) is an american elected official who is the acting mayor of san francisco, california.
one reason being, the genetic tests done to test for how much indian blood a person has does not present a complete picture, as argued by numerous geneticists, because tests trace only one bloodline and thus exclude most ancestors.	one reason being, the genetic tests done to test for how much indian blood a person has does not present a complete picture, as argued by geneticists, because tests trace only one bloodline and thus exclude most ancestors.
they were a bland four-piece band from denton, texas and their song, which referenced the classic audrey hepburn film, reached the top five in january of 1996.	they were a four-piece band from denton, texas and their song, which referenced the classic audrey hepburn film, reached the top five in january of 1996.
august skamenca (born 1981) is an award-winning american radio correspondent and entrepreneur based in houston, texas, covering the gulf coast and central united states for cbs news.	august skamenca (born 1981) is an american radio correspondent and entrepreneur based in houston, texas, covering the gulf coast and central united states for cbs news.
victoria wood, british comedienne	victoria wood, british comedian
israel panickly canceled the bombing operation after learning of the possible pakistani counter-strike and indian fears of another indo-pak conflict.	israel canceled the bombing operation after learning of the possible pakistani counter-strike and indian fears of another indo-pak conflict.
in august of 2011, the deputies of the lee county sheriff's office voted overwhelmingly to unionize for the first time in the agency's 125 year history .	in august of 2011, the deputies of the lee county sheriff's office voted to unionize for the first time in the agency's 125 year history .
walter elias disney (december 5 1901 december 15 1966) was a successful american film producer, director, screenwriter, voice actor, animator, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.	walter elias disney (december 5 1901 december 15 1966) was a multiple academy award-winning american film producer, director, screenwriter, voice actor, animator, entrepreneur, and philanthropist.
on december 26, the third u.s. army under the command of general patton arrived and broke the deadlock .	on december 26, the third u.s. army under the command of general patton arrived and broke the encirclement .
it is situated in bangor, county down, ulster , on the seafront it is a well preserved reminder of bangor's sea-faring history alongside its modern marina.	it is situated in bangor, county down, northern ireland , on the seafront it is a well preserved reminder of bangor's sea-faring history alongside its modern marina.
scotland is a nation in northwest europe and a constituent country of the united kingdom.	scotland is a country in northwest europe and a constituent country of the united kingdom.
the library boasts a collection of over 27,000 volumes, including a prolific reference and literary criticism section.	the library boasts a collection of over 27,000 volumes, including a reference and literary criticism section.
it was the inaugural film in a popular series of eight father of four films made by asa films, one each year from 1953 to 1961.	it was the inaugural film in a series of eight father of four films made by asa films, one each year from 1953 to 1961.
but managed care has been an unsuccessful health policy as it has increased health care costs, added to the number of uninsured citizens, driven away health care providers (e.g., nurses) and applied downward pressure on quality.	however, critics have argued managed care has been an unsuccessful health policy as it has increased health care costs, added to the number of uninsured citizens, driven away health care providers (e.g., nurses) and applied downward pressure on quality.
karaite judaism or karaism is a heretical jewish movement <!--	karaite judaism or karaism is a jewish movement <!--
in addition to its paramilitary and terrorist activities, hamas has many relief and education programs.	in addition to its paramilitary and militant activities, hamas has many relief and education programs.
it is a hugely popular recreational destination for residents from philadelphia and new york city, both of which are less than 90 miles from the park.	it is a popular recreational destination for residents from philadelphia and new york city, both of which are less than 90 miles from the park.
"all officers of the order must be of ""noble"" birth (indeed, no ""commoner"" may take vows of obedience), which has earned it a wide-spread reputation for backward elitism."	"all officers of the order must be of ""noble"" birth (indeed, no ""commoner"" may take vows of obedience), which has earned it a wide-spread reputation for elitism."
immediately, he lost all taste for the fine foods and beautiful courtiers and asked leave of the tyrant, saying he no longer wanted to be so fortunate.	immediately, he lost all taste for the fine foods and beautiful boys and asked leave of the tyrant, saying he no longer wanted to be so fortunate.
"plp says it was decisive in breaking apart the briefly-influential mass racist group ""restore our alienated rights"" (roar) in boston in 1975. in the late 1960s and early 1970s its ""academic"" target was arthur jensen, and through the 1990s it continued in that vein by repeatedly and forcefully disrupting speakers and conferences promoting scientific racism, which was coming back into vogue at that time with books like the bell curve."	"plp says it was decisive in breaking apart the briefly-influential mass anti-busing group ""restore our alienated rights"" (roar) in boston in 1975. in the late 1960s and early 1970s its ""academic"" target was arthur jensen, and through the 1990s it continued in that vein by repeatedly and forcefully disrupting speakers and conferences promoting scientific racism, which was coming back into vogue at that time with books like the bell curve."
biblical view of the immaculate conception	a conservative protestant view of the immaculate conception
the demolition in the early 1980s of the defunct chicken-feed silos at the foot of main street that had once fed millions of chickens marked a sad turning point for the community as the old order faded away.	the demolition in the early 1980s of the defunct chicken-feed silos at the foot of main street that had once fed millions of chickens marked a turning point for the community as the old order faded away.
star trek vi: the undiscovered country (paramount pictures, 1991) is the sixth feature film based on the popular science fiction television series.	star trek vi: the undiscovered country (paramount pictures, 1991) is the sixth feature film based on the star trek science fiction television series.
du juan (born september 15, 1982, in shanghai, china) is a chinese fashion supermodel .	du juan (born september 15, 1982, in shanghai, china) is a chinese fashion model .
ford had worked for years under the uninspiring direction of maurizio and mello and wanted to take the companys image in a new direction.	ford had worked for years under the direction of maurizio and mello and wanted to take the companys image in a new direction.
during the polishsoviet war, poland launched an offensive against the soviet union and captured vilnius (wilno) during the vilna offensive in april 1919. lithuanians claimed vilnius as their historical capital and an integral part of the ethnographic lithuania, while to the poles, because of its large polish population, it was a polish city.	during the polishsoviet war, poland launched an offensive against the soviet union and captured vilnius (wilno) during the vilna offensive in april 1919. lithuanians described vilnius as their historical capital and an integral part of the ethnographic lithuania, while to the poles, because of its large polish population, it was a polish city.
in addition to being seen as a pseudoreligious cult on its own, objectivism has contributed to the creation of other religions and alleged cults.	in addition to being seen as a cult on its own, objectivism has contributed to the creation of other religions and alleged cults.
if they can hack in, they can gain control of nifty gadgets and access a secret global network.	if they can hack in, they can gain control of various gadgets and access a secret global network.
although iran is one of the world's largest producers of petroleum, kleptocracy , rapid increases in demand and limited refining capacity has forced the country to import about 40% of its gasoline, at an annual cost of up to $7 billion.	although iran is one of the world's largest producers of petroleum, mismanagement , rapid increases in demand and limited refining capacity has forced the country to import about 40% of its gasoline, at an annual cost of up to $7 billion.
his association with india's freedom struggle , the experiences during his long travels and the conditions that existed in kerala, particularly in the neighbourhood of his home and among the muslim community all had a major impact on them.	his association with india's independence struggle , the experiences during his long travels and the conditions that existed in kerala, particularly in the neighbourhood of his home and among the muslim community all had a major impact on them.
the conservation of archaic phonological features of the arabic borrowings furthermore suggests that arabic- enriched persian was absorbed into pre-ottoman turkic at an early stage, when the speakers were still located to the northeast of persia, prior to the westward migration of the islamic turkic tribes.	the conservation of archaic phonological features of the arabic borrowings furthermore suggests that arabic- incorporated persian was absorbed into pre-ottoman turkic at an early stage, when the speakers were still located to the northeast of persia, prior to the westward migration of the islamic turkic tribes.
manganiello worked with the esteemed playwright and director leonard foglia at creating his role in 2008 at the ojai playwrights conference.	manganiello worked with the noted playwright and director leonard foglia at creating his role in 2008 at the ojai playwrights conference.
the play is based on the farce, le roi candaule, by henri meilhac and ludovic halevy, two of offenbach's best librettists.	the play is based on the farce, le roi candaule, by henri meilhac and ludovic halevy, two of offenbach's favourite librettists.
unlike the previous installments, which were set primarily in the disturbed town of silent hill, this game is set in the fictional town of south ashfield, and is focused on the character of henry townshend attempting to escape from his locked-down apartment.	unlike the previous installments, which were set primarily in the town of silent hill, this game is set in the fictional town of south ashfield, and is focused on the character of henry townshend attempting to escape from his locked-down apartment.
after his father, piotr oarowski, was lynched by the insurrectionists during the warsaw uprising (1794), when he was in charge of the royal castle, warsaw, adam entered the russian service.	after his father, piotr oarowski, was executed on charges of treason after by the insurrectionists during the warsaw uprising (1794), when he was in charge of the royal castle, warsaw, adam entered the russian service.
dr. flood finishes his diatribe with the following conclusion and appeal:	dr. flood finishes his argument with the following conclusion and appeal:
if possible, the anesthesiologist will choose nontattooed skin through which to insert the needle.	if possible, the anesthesiologist will choose non-tattooed skin through which to insert the needle.
when the series transferred to television, sir digby was inexplicably renamed sir digby chicken caesar, and he kept this name for the third radio series.	when the series transferred to television, sir digby was renamed sir digby chicken caesar, and he kept this name for the third radio series.
after a brief skirmish, freedom force retreated and skids and rusty were left in x-factor's benevolent hands.	after a brief skirmish, freedom force retreated and skids and rusty were left in x-factor's hands.
in any specific instance where ftl has been claimed, more detailed analysis proves that to get a signal, some form of classical communication must also be used.	in any specific instance where ftl has been claimed, more detailed analysis has proven that to get a signal, some form of classical communication must also be used.
after his studies led him to a course on atheism at st. leo college center at fort mcpherson, finley finally joined the thriving atheist community, which he now works to foster wherever possible.	after his studies led him to a course on atheism at st. leo college center at fort mcpherson, finley finally joined the atheist community, which he now works to foster wherever possible.
in 1992, thompson won multiple acting awards, including an academy and a bafta award for best actress, for her strong performance in the british drama howards end.	in 1992, thompson won multiple acting awards, including an academy and a bafta award for best actress, for her performance in the british drama howards end.
this enlightened policy gives arabs their own schools and hospitals their own designated part of the city where these people must live, moreover haifa arabs have even been given permission by the majority community to build mosques and have their own cultural centers, playgrounds etc.	this policy gives arabs their own schools and hospitals their own designated part of the city where these people must live, moreover haifa arabs have even been given permission by the majority community to build mosques and have their own cultural centers, playgrounds etc.
the ibm ps/1 personal computer was ibm's return to the home market in 1990, five years after the ibm pcjr flopped .	the ibm ps/1 personal computer was ibm's return to the home market in 1990, five years after the ibm pcjr.
holloway was a member of dizzy gillespie's final quintet until the passing of the beloved trumpeter on january 6, 1993. today he is one of the busiest tenor saxophonists on today's music scene in any genre.	holloway was a member of dizzy gillespie's final quintet until the passing of the trumpeter on january 6, 1993. today he is one of the busiest tenor saxophonists on today's music scene in any genre.
kennard was sentenced to seven years in prison, to be served in parchman penitentiary, the state's brutal high-security facility.	kennard was sentenced to seven years in prison, to be served in parchman penitentiary, the state's high-security facility.
they compete in ncaa division i-a and the big ten conference.	they play in ncaa division i-a and the big ten conference.
raymond is a prolific writer of political and technical opinion pieces through his website and blog.	raymond is a writer of political and technical opinion pieces through his website and blog.
in 2012, voss was unceremoniously removed from the nine network's nrl coverage (although he still remains on nine news as a sports presenter) and replaced with radio broadcaster ray hadley on the friday night coverage.	in 2012, voss was removed from the nine network's nrl coverage (although he still remains on nine news as a sports presenter) and replaced with radio broadcaster ray hadley on the friday night coverage.
the first third of the series somewhat conformed to the horror genre, but it later bloomed into an elaborate fantasy series, incorporating elements of classical and contemporary mythology.	the first third of the series somewhat conformed to the horror genre, but it later grew into an elaborate fantasy series, incorporating elements of classical and contemporary mythology.
the first ever event at the new staidum was a concert by the legendary rock group the eagles.	the first ever event at the new staidum was a concert by the rock group the eagles.
"he also included a compelling quote from former president gerald ford on the topic: ""i firmly believe that after x period of time, presidential papers, except for the most highly sensitive documents involving our national security, should be made available to the public,"" ford said, ""and the sooner the better."""	"he also included a quote from former president gerald ford on the topic: ""i firmly believe that after x period of time, presidential papers, except for the most highly sensitive documents involving our national security, should be made available to the public,"" ford said, ""and the sooner the better."""
anti-quebec sentiment is opposition or hostility toward the government, culture, or people of quebec, that is french- quebecers , english quebecers and people from other origins.	anti-quebec sentiment is opposition or hostility toward the government, culture, or people of quebec, that is french- canadians , english quebecers and people from other origins.
mk brass maintains a busy schedule of concert and contest engagements and has undertaken tours of france and switzerland.	mk brass maintains a schedule of concert and contest engagements and has undertaken tours of france and switzerland .
due to the tragic death of actor roger delgado, script editor terrance dicks abandoned the project in favour of a new story, which eventually evolved into planet of the spiders.	due to the death of actor roger delgado, script editor terrance dicks abandoned the project in favour of a new story, which eventually evolved into planet of the spiders.
abusers can also drink 1 to 2 liters of water to successfully dilute the concentration of drug metabolites in their urine below detectable thresholds, without risking detection.	users can also drink 1 to 2 liters of water to successfully dilute the concentration of drug metabolites in their urine below detectable thresholds, without risking detection.
when his case went before the tribunal that week, he was given the two-week suspension, but part of the reason the penalty was low was due to controversial character reference statements given by prime minister malcolm turnbull and media personality waleed aly.	when his case went before the tribunal that week, he was given the two-week suspension, but part of the reason the penalty was low was due to character reference statements given by prime minister malcolm turnbull and media personality waleed aly.
he is chairman of franchise f.c.	he is chairman of milton keynes dons f.c.
some people have protested the presence of a building connected to followers of islam in an area close to the site of the world trade center destroyed on september 11, 2001.	many people have protested the presence of a building connected to followers of islam in an area close to the site of the world trade center destroyed on september 11, 2001.
the sangguniang panlalawigan (, also anachronistically called provincial board) is the legislature of all provinces in the philippines.	the sangguniang panlalawigan (, also historically called provincial board) is the legislature of all provinces in the philippines.
this movement has gone through a number of excommunications and schisms since that time, with various individuals being publicly denounced for their views.	this movement has gone through a number of expulsions and schisms since that time, with various individuals being publicly denounced for their views.
he also had miniscule roles in law and order: svu and astroboy; as well as several independent films (i.e, the strangler's wife); and was a winning contestant on the dating show elimidate.	he also had very small roles in law and order: svu and astroboy; as well as several independent films (i.e, the strangler's wife); and was a winning contestant on the dating show elimidate.
the biohazard graphic is only a symbol, since its meaning is entirely designated by convention and it represents no specific object	the biohazard graphic is no icon but a symbol, since its meaning is entirely designated by convention and it represents no specific object
the positions of the editorial page section typically is thought of as adhering to extreme american conservatism and economic liberalism.	the positions of the editorial page section typically is thought of as adhering to american conservatism and economic liberalism.
the neighborhood is extraordinarily suburban in character, full of winding streets, detached houses on large lots, and open space.	the neighborhood is suburban in character, full of winding streets, detached houses on large lots, and open space.
denny siegel is an american actress, comedienne , and writer, best known for her role as a regular on the abc-tv improv series whose line is it anyway?.	denny siegel is an american actress, comedian , and writer, best known for her role as a regular on the abc-tv improv series whose line is it anyway?.
papyrus is a popular typeface designed by chris costello, a prolific graphic designer, illustrator, and web designer.	papyrus is a popular typeface designed by chris costello, a graphic designer, illustrator, and web designer.
on november 2, 2010, webster easily won the seat by a 56% to 38% margin.	on november 2, 2010, webster won the seat by a 56% to 38% margin.
the catalan independence or separatism movement is a political movement, derived from catalan nationalism, which supports the independence of catalonia or the so-called catalan countries from spain and france.	the catalan independence or separatism movement is a political movement, derived from catalan nationalism, which supports the independence of catalonia or the catalan countries from spain and france.
majdal shams (arabic مجدل شمس) is a druze village in the northern part of the israeli- controlled golan heights.	majdal shams (arabic مجدل شمس) is a druze village in the northern part of the israeli- occupied golan heights.
"this suggests that the version of history portrayed in ""the book"" book is not entirely accurate (which again supports the thesis that it is a fake: the inherent unreliability of all written sources is one of orwell's points)."	"this suggests that the version of history portrayed in ""the book"" is not entirely accurate (which again supports the thesis that it is a fake: the inherent unreliability of all written sources is one of orwell's points)."
many of the cambodians came to the united states as refugees from the fanatical maoist regime of pol pot in cambodia from 1975 to 1979 (see the killing fields).	many of the cambodians came to the united states as refugees from the maoist regime of pol pot in cambodia from 1975 to 1979 (see the killing fields).
these accusations continue to the present day, bolstered by numerous accounts from hubbard's fellow science-fiction authors and researchers, the most notorious being neison himmel, sam merwin, sam moskowitz, theodore sturgeon, and lloyd arthur eshbach, who reported to have witnessed hubbard stating on various occasions that the way to get rich was to start a religion.	these accusations continue to the present day, bolstered by numerous accounts from hubbard's fellow science-fiction authors and researchers, the most notable being neison himmel, sam merwin, sam moskowitz, theodore sturgeon, and lloyd arthur eshbach, who reported to have witnessed hubbard stating on various occasions that the way to get rich was to start a religion.
roman catholicism also has traditions of inedia, in which saints are able to go for months or years without any food (or with no food but communion).	roman catholicism also has traditions of inedia, in which saints claimed to have be able to go for months or years without any food (or with no food but communion).
a learned man, alfred encouraged education and improved the kingdom's legal system.	a learned man, encouraged education and improved the kingdom's legal system.
madeline kahn, actress/ comedienne .	madeline kahn, actress/ comedian .
his title of riverston, though void in law, was borne by his descendants until it merged in the earldom of westmeath (1839).	his title of riverston, though disputed in law, was borne by his descendants until it merged in the earldom of westmeath (1839).
his body is buried by harry in bill and fleur weasley 's garden adorned with various pieces of the mourners' clothing symbolizing dobby's freedom even in death from elvish servitude.	his body is buried by harry in bill and fleur's garden adorned with various pieces of the mourners' clothing symbolizing dobby's freedom even in death from elvish servitude.
"clive staples lewis (29 november 1898 22 november 1963), commonly referred to as c. s. lewis and known to his friends and family as ""jack"", was a british novelist, academic, medievalist, literary critic, essayist, lay theologian and christian apologist from belfast, ireland (now in northern ireland)."	"clive staples lewis (29 november 1898 22 november 1963), commonly referred to as c. s. lewis and known to his friends and family as ""jack"", was a novelist, academic, medievalist, literary critic, essayist, lay theologian and christian apologist from belfast, ireland (now in northern ireland)."
among his more successful acts was 1980's singer/songwriter johnny logan, three times winner of the eurovision song contest.	among his successful acts was 1980's singer/songwriter johnny logan, three times winner of the eurovision song contest.
tensions had been high for some time due to qassam rocket attacks launched by palestinians into israel, reported to have exceeded 800 rockets in the past seven months, and due to the deaths of scores of palestinian civilians in attacks such as the gaza beach blast on june 9. after the gaza beach blast, hamas formally withdrew from its 16-month ceasefire	tensions had been high for some time due to qassam rocket attacks launched by palestinians into israel, reported to have exceeded 800 rockets in the past seven months, and due to the deaths of scores of palestinian civilians in incidents such as the gaza beach blast on june 9. after the gaza beach blast, hamas formally withdrew from its 16-month ceasefire
the sydney town hall is a beautiful landmark sandstone building located in the heart of sydney.	the sydney town hall is a landmark sandstone building located in the heart of sydney.
"the environmental protection agency quietly revised its mileage estimate list just before the start of the ""cash for clunkers"" program."	"the environmental protection agency revised its mileage estimate list just before the start of the ""cash for clunkers"" program."
stephen baxter (born 13 november 1957) is a prolific british hard science fiction author.	stephen baxter (born 13 november 1957) is a british hard science fiction author.
soup is usually a tasty liquid food that is made by combining ingredients, such as meat and vegetables in stock or hot water, until the flavor is extracted, forming a broth.	soup is usually a liquid food that is made by combining ingredients, such as meat and vegetables in stock or hot water, until the flavor is extracted, forming a broth.
the jazz-influenced musical precursor to the grand wazoo, and, as the front cover indicates, sequel of sorts to 1969's groundbreaking hot rats.	the jazz-influenced musical precursor to the grand wazoo, and, as the front cover indicates, sequel of sorts to 1969's hot rats.
in addition to these sites, there are numerous state blogs appearing at an encouraging pace, such as california for feingold '08, for example.	in addition to these sites, there are numerous state blogs appearing at an increasing pace, such as california for feingold '08, for example.
today, prairie bible institute continues as a venerable canadian centre for christian higher education that encompasses three post-secondary schools: prairie bible college (which offers both resident and distance education courses and programs), prairie school of mission aviation, and - in partnership with bow valley college, olds college and the northern alberta institute of technology - the prairie college of applied arts and technology.	today, prairie bible institute continues as a canadian centre for christian higher education that encompasses three post-secondary schools: prairie bible college (which offers both resident and distance education courses and programs), prairie school of mission aviation, and - in partnership with bow valley college, olds college and the northern alberta institute of technology - the prairie college of applied arts and technology.
born: gilda radner, american comedienne and actress, in detroit (d. 1989)	born: gilda radner, american comedian and actress, in detroit (d. 1989)
"hamas ( ams, an acronym of arakat al-muqwamat al-islmiyyah, meaning ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian islamist political and social organization, and includes a militia, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades."	"hamas ( ams, an acronym of arakat al-muqwamat al-islmiyyah, meaning ""islamic resistance movement"") is a palestinian political and social organization, and includes a militia, the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades."
gnu freefont (also known as free ucs outline fonts) is a family of high-quality free opentype, truetype and woff outline fonts, implementing as much of the universal character set (ucs) as possible.	gnu freefont (also known as free ucs outline fonts) is a family of free opentype, truetype and woff outline fonts, implementing as much of the universal character set (ucs) as possible.
, full title , is a popular shnen adventure romantic comedy manga created by rumiko takahashi, creator of ranma .	, full title , is a shnen adventure romantic comedy manga created by rumiko takahashi, creator of ranma .
it has been seen by iranians as an example for the hostility of united states federal court system toward iranian people and persian heritage.	it has been seen by iranians as a percieved example for the hostility of united states federal court system toward iranian people and persian heritage.
thoor ballylee, and the adjacent cottage, were unfortunately both damaged by several feet of flood water.	thoor ballylee, and the adjacent cottage, were both damaged by several feet of flood water.
harman is a member of the centrist blue dog coalition.	harman is a member of the blue dog coalition.
"on august 18, 2015 the state of north carolina passed a new law laying questionable claim to ""all photographs, video recordings, or other documentary materials of a derelict vessel or shipwreck or its contents, relics, artifacts, or historic materials in the custody of any agency of north carolina government or its subdivisions."""	"on august 18, 2015 the state of north carolina passed a new law laying claim to ""all photographs, video recordings, or other documentary materials of a derelict vessel or shipwreck or its contents, relics, artifacts, or historic materials in the custody of any agency of north carolina government or its subdivisions."""
benjamin west's famous painting of the american delegations at the treaty of paris.	benjamin west's painting of the american delegations at the treaty of paris.
lgf's fans are dedicated and enthusiastic, but some of them favor a hyperbolic brand of jingoism which many liberals interpret as hate speech.	lgf's fans are dedicated and enthusiastic, but some of them favor a hyperbolic brand of jingoism which many interpret as hate speech.
the range rover sport is a mid-size luxury suv produced by indian automaker land rover since the summer of 2005. it shares its platform with the land rover discovery (lr3 in north america) rather than the larger range rover.	the range rover sport is a mid-size luxury suv produced by british automaker land rover since the summer of 2005. it shares its platform with the land rover discovery (lr3 in north america) rather than the larger range rover.
claims of palestinian hatred education and child suicide bombers	claims of palestinian biased education and child suicide bombers
"in a review of trick or treatment in the new england journal of medicine, donald marcus described ernst as ""one of the best qualified sic people to summarize the evidence on this topic."""	"in a review of trick or treatment in the new england journal of medicine, donald marcus described ernst as ""one of the best qualified people to summarize the evidence on this topic."""
the impact on mainstream language has been limited, yet has led to lasting changes in practise .	the impact on mainstream language has been limited, yet has led to lasting changes in practice .
mild reforms to the senate were proposed as part of prime minister mulroney's charlottetown accord package but the package was rejected in a referendum.	limited reforms to the senate were proposed as part of prime minister mulroney's charlottetown accord package but the package was rejected in a referendum.
in english law, the case of brett v. brett (1969) 1 all er 1007, saw the court exploiting its power to make and vary maintenance and property orders to induce the reluctant party to co-operate in the get.	in english law, the case of brett v. brett (1969) 1 all er 1007, saw the court using its power to make and vary maintenance and property orders to induce the reluctant party to co-operate in the get.
dr. paul joseph goebbels (29 october 1897–1 may 1945) was a german politician and minister for public enlightenment and propaganda during the nazi regime from 1933 to 1945. he was one of adolf hitler's closest associated and most devout followers.	paul joseph goebbels (29 october 1897–1 may 1945) was a german politician and minister for public enlightenment and propaganda during the nazi regime from 1933 to 1945. he was one of adolf hitler's closest associated and most devout followers.
following the 1990 world cup, the back-pass rule was introduced in 1992 to discourage time-wasting and ultra defensive play, and wins were awarded three points in the group stage of the 1994 world cup to encourage more aggressive offensive tactics and discourage the strategy of playing for a draw.	following the 1990 world cup, the back-pass rule was introduced in 1992 to discourage time-wasting and overly defensive play, and wins were awarded three points in the group stage of the 1994 world cup to encourage more aggressive offensive tactics and discourage the strategy of playing for a draw.
some rastafarians consider haile selassie i of ethiopia to be god incarnate, whom they call jah.	rastafarians consider haile selassie i of ethiopia to be god incarnate, whom they call jah.
hitler would dedicate his book mein kampf to him and the other martyrs .	hitler would dedicate his book mein kampf to him and the other who died there .
in fact, a secret agreement signed with britain in 1902 practically nullified italy's membership in the triple alliance.	in fact, a secret agreement signed with france in 1902 practically nullified italy's membership in the triple alliance.
dave obey announced an end to his prestigious career on may 5th, 2010, with press releases being released on may 6th.	dave obey announced an end to his congressional career on may 5th, 2010, with press releases being released on may 6th.
night of august 7 august 8: georgian attacks and russian invasion	night of august 7 august 8: georgian attacks and russian counter-attack
a 4-3 to 1-3 defeat of toomevara secured a first title in eighteen years and gave callanan a coveted championship medal.	a 4-3 to 1-3 defeat of toomevara secured a first title in eighteen years and gave callanan a tipperary senior hurling championship medal.
squadrons of the two air forces (raf and riaf) tried many tactics including brutal scorched earth retaliation involving the burning of standing crops with jerry can petrol bombs and the killing of cattle with strafing attacks.	squadrons of the two air forces (raf and riaf) tried many tactics including scorched earth retaliation involving the burning of standing crops with jerry can petrol bombs and the killing of cattle with strafing attacks.
john mark karr, soon-to-be-discounted suspect in jonbenet ramsey case.	john mark karr, a suspect in jonbenet ramsey case.
texas a&m's rare triple designation as a land-, sea-, and space-grant institution reflects a broad range of research, with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as nasa, the national institutes of health, the national science foundation and the office of naval research.	texas a&m's triple designation as a land-, sea-, and space-grant institution reflects a broad range of research, with ongoing projects funded by agencies such as nasa, the national institutes of health, the national science foundation and the office of naval research.
the plan was placed before the two communities in a simultaneous vote in the reunification referendum of 24 april 2004. whilst the proposal received a 65% favorable vote from the turkish community, the greek cypriot community rejected it by nearly 75%.	the plan was placed before the two communities in a simultaneous vote in the reunification referendum of 24 april 2004. whilst the proposal received a 65% favorable vote from the turkish community, the greek cypriot community rejected it by over 75%.
and the hierarchy of church supported the rebel nationalist forces and francisco franco's rebellion against the the government, which by that time had abandoned constitutional republican government for leftist revolution.	and the hierarchy of church supported the rebel nationalist forces and francisco franco's rebellion against the government, which by that time had abandoned constitutional republican government for leftist revolution.
the website is an initiative of the center for security policy, a staunchly conservative organization located in washington.	the website is an initiative of the center for security policy, a conservative organization located in washington.
correspondence theories claim that true beliefs and true statements correspond to the actual state of affairs.	correspondence theories state that true beliefs and true statements correspond to the actual state of affairs.
as of august 2009, porter's operations at the tcca continue to be opposed by toronto's mayor, some city councillors, local community groups and nearby residents, but supported by many torontonians.	as of august 2009, porter's operations at the tcca continue to be opposed by toronto's mayor, some city councillors, local community groups and nearby residents, but supported by some torontonians.
following his death in 1776 and her passing in 1781, their sons martin leopold widhalm (1747–1806) and gallus ignatius widhalm (1752–1822) took over from him and a grandson, johann martin leopold widhalm (1799–1855) too became involved in the business.	following his death in 1776 and her death in 1781, their sons martin leopold widhalm (1747–1806) and gallus ignatius widhalm (1752–1822) took over from him and a grandson, johann martin leopold widhalm (1799–1855) too became involved in the business.
criticism of booker's misleading comments on climate change in the uk's daily telegraph continued with an article by george monbiot in the guardian newspaper, dated 3rd february 2009 .	criticism of booker's comments on climate change in the uk's daily telegraph continued with an article by george monbiot in the guardian newspaper, dated 3rd february 2009 .
within the area of each theme there are authentic trademarks, furnishings, and replicas of irish figures that coordinate with the specified theme.	within the area of each theme there are trademarks, furnishings, and replicas of irish figures that coordinate with the specified theme.
in the 1980s foreign film-makers started to return to prague in order to avail themselves of the studio's quality facilities and the country's wonderful variety of film locations.	in the 1980s foreign film-makers started to return to prague in order to avail themselves of the studio's quality facilities and the country's variety of film locations.
she is best known for claiming at thomas' 1991 senate confirmation hearings that thomas had made provocative sexual statements to her while her supervisor.	she is best known for testifying under oath at thomas' 1991 senate confirmation hearings that thomas had made provocative sexual statements to her while her supervisor.
a friend of gmez, gerardo machado y morales, would become dictator of cuba a few years later.	a friend of gmez, gerardo machado y morales, would become the autocratic president of cuba a few years later.
"on december 15, 1917, the ""watch tower"" reported a survey of all congregations indicating their overwhelming support of j.f."	"on december 15, 1917, the ""watch tower"" reported a survey of all congregations indicating their support of j.f."
the ukrainian forces withdrew outside lviv's confines by 21 november 1918, after which polish forces killed 340 innocent jewish and ukrainian civilians.	the ukrainian forces withdrew outside lviv's confines by 21 november 1918, after which polish forces killed 340 jewish and ukrainian civilians.
nusrat fateh ali khan , october 13, 1948 august 16, 1997), was a legendary punjabi musician from pakistan, primarily a singer of qawwali, the devotional music of the sufis (a mystical tradition within islam).	nusrat fateh ali khan , october 13, 1948 august 16, 1997), was a punjabi musician from pakistan, primarily a singer of qawwali, the devotional music of the sufis (a mystical tradition within islam).
mark a. emmert, (born december 16, 1952) is the beleaguered current president of the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa).	mark a. emmert, (born december 16, 1952) is the current president of the national collegiate athletic association (ncaa).
the episode's title is derived from the famous 1965 milton bradley board game for teenage girls, mystery date, wherein several female players draw cards to advance to opening a door, hoping to find one of a variety of desirable male dates on the other side, while simultaneously hoping to avoid the lone undesirable one.	the episode's title is derived from the 1965 milton bradley board game for teenage girls, mystery date, wherein several female players draw cards to advance to opening a door, hoping to find one of a variety of desirable male dates on the other side, while simultaneously hoping to avoid the lone undesirable one.
clark kessinger (july 27, 1896 june 4, 1975) was an influential american old-time fiddler.	clark kessinger (july 27, 1896 june 4, 1975) was an american old-time fiddler.
at least 67 people are killed and over 200 more are injured near kirkuk in the worst single attack in iraq since march 2008.	at least 67 people are killed and over 200 more are injured near kirkuk in the deadliest single attack in iraq since march 2008.
in singapore, first offenders face a fine of s$500 (us$285) and even three months of jail.	in singapore, first offenders face a fine of s$500 (us$285) and three months of jail.
fox news (officially known as the fox news channel, commonly abbreviated to fnc) is a conservative american basic cable and satellite television news channel owned by the fox entertainment group, a subsidiary of 21st century fox.	fox news (officially known as the fox news channel, commonly abbreviated to fnc) is a american basic cable and satellite television news channel owned by the fox entertainment group, a subsidiary of 21st century fox.
much like potato salad or coleslaw in its use, it is often served as a side dish to barbecue, fried chicken, or other picnic style entres .	much like potato salad or coleslaw in its use, it is often served as a side dish to barbecue, fried chicken, or other picnic style dishes .
since the second half of the 20th century, european scholarly consensus has held that applying modern notions of race to ancient egypt is anachronistic.	since the second half of the 20th century, scholarly consensus has held that applying modern notions of race to ancient egypt is anachronistic.
the documents showed that, in 2001, arafat personally approved payments to tanzim terrorists .	the documents showed that, in 2001, arafat personally approved payments to tanzim militants .
the cato institute, one of washington, d.c.'s leading conservative think tanks, named its lower level auditorium after hayek, who had been a distinguished senior fellow at cato during his later years.	the cato institute, one of washington, d.c.'s leading think tanks, named its lower level auditorium after hayek, who had been a distinguished senior fellow at cato during his later years.
there is only one village on the island, oost-vlieland.	there is one village on the island, oost-vlieland.
what is truly remarkable about this literary work is its surprising capacity to reconstruct the egyptian past and dwell on its fascinating details without bombarding the reader with subjects and historical events, and without compromising the truth of this distant period.	what is truly remarkable about this literary work is its surprising capacity to reconstruct the egyptian past and dwell on its details without bombarding the reader with subjects and historical events, and without compromising the truth of this distant period.
legislative bodies around the world have passed legislation attempting to mitigate the negative effects of airbnb for their constituents.	legislative bodies around the world have passed legislation attempting to mitigate the effects of airbnb for their constituents.
acclaimed playwright wendy lill represented dartmouth as a two-term new democratic party member of parliament in the house of commons in ottawa.	playwright wendy lill represented dartmouth as a two-term new democratic party member of parliament in the house of commons in ottawa.
on may 2, 2011, the oklahoma state house of representatives publicly reprimanded kern for the comments she made denigrating blacks and women during a debate on affirmative action.	on may 2, 2011, the oklahoma state house of representatives publicly reprimanded kern for the comments she made which some people interpreted as unflattering to blacks and women during a debate on affirmative action.
many protestants avoid the area due to fear of attack, although bus service metro 5a runs through mountpottinger en-route to braniel, home of unionist bomber michael stone who committed the 1988 milltown massacre.	many protestants avoid the area due to fear of attack, although bus service metro 5a runs through mountpottinger en-route to braniel, home of loyalist bomber michael stone who committed the 1988 milltown massacre.
the earliest odes in the english language, using the word in its strict form, were the magnificent epithalamium and prothalamium of edmund spenser.	the earliest odes in the english language, using the word in its strict form, were the epithalamium and prothalamium of edmund spenser.
excerpts from a heart-rending petition to lady reading, the wife of the then viceroy of india from rani of nilambur	excerpts from a petition to lady reading, the wife of the then viceroy of india from rani of nilambur
they sought to prevent talented generals, such as gaius marius, pompey the great, and julius caesar, from using their armies to accrue such power that they might be in a position to challenge the senate.	they sought to prevent successful generals, such as gaius marius, pompey the great, and julius caesar, from using their armies to accrue such power that they might be in a position to challenge the senate.
understanding poetry was an influential american college textbook and poetry anthology by cleanth brooks and robert penn warren, first published in 1938. the book influenced new criticism and went through its fourth edition in 1976.	understanding poetry was an american college textbook and poetry anthology by cleanth brooks and robert penn warren, first published in 1938. the book influenced new criticism and went through its fourth edition in 1976.
"the ""bad cop"" takes an aggressive, negative stance towards the subject, making blatant accusations, derogatory comments, threats, and in general creating antipathy between the subject and himself ."	"the ""bad cop"" takes an aggressive, negative stance towards the subject, making blatant accusations, derogatory comments, threats, and in general creating antipathy between the subject and themself ."
solomon a. parks generously donated his home in glens falls for the original hospital.	solomon a. parks donated his home in glens falls for the original hospital.
the katholische pfadfinderschaft europas (kpe; roughly catholic scouts and guides of europe) is a german catholic scouting organization with approximately 2,500 members.	the katholische pfadfinderschaft europas (kpe; roughly catholic scouts and guides of europe) is a german catholic scouting organization with 2,500 members.
"william t. ""bill"" sali, born february 17, 1954, is the controversial congressman-elect from the idaho first congressional district."	"william t. ""bill"" sali, born february 17, 1954, is the congressman-elect from the idaho first congressional district."
the 16 wind projects currently operating in pennsylvania have an installed capacity of 748.23 mw and generate nearly 2,000,000 megawatt-hours of clean electricity each year.	the 16 wind projects currently operating in pennsylvania have an installed capacity of 748.23 mw and generate nearly 2,000,000 megawatt-hours of electricity each year.
it took place near charleston, south carolina, during the first british attempt to capture the city from american rebels .	it took place near charleston, south carolina, during the first british attempt to capture the city from american forces .
the soviet union knew it would soon be going to war (despite the molotov-ribbentrop pact), against the german third reich, and adolf hitler, the ruthless dictator of nazi germany.	the soviet union knew it would soon be going to war (despite the molotov-ribbentrop pact), against the german third reich, and adolf hitler, the dictator of nazi germany.
dramatic political developments in ukraine have caused repeated changes of the parliamentary electoral system.	political developments in ukraine have caused repeated changes of the parliamentary electoral system.
in may 2007, bush ranked extremely high at #24 in the maxim hot 100 list of 2007. she has also appeared on the cover of the november 2006 edition of maxim with one tree hill co-stars, hilarie burton and danneel harris.	in may 2007, bush ranked high at #24 in the maxim hot 100 list of 2007. she has also appeared on the cover of the november 2006 edition of maxim with one tree hill co-stars, hilarie burton and danneel harris.
modern berlin is home to renowned universities, orchestras, museums, entertainment venues, and is host to many sporting events.	modern berlin is home to universities, orchestras, museums, entertainment venues, and is host to many sporting events.
"on 17 january 2002 a spokesman for the project somberly stated that, as a result of u.s. pressure and economic difficulties, ""galileo is almost dead."""	"on 17 january 2002 a spokesman for the project stated that, as a result of u.s. pressure and economic difficulties, ""galileo is almost dead."""
residents near the potential new home held concerns about property values decreasing that resembled the misguided fears that led to white flight throughout the united states since the 1950s.	residents near the potential new home held concerns about property values decreasing that resembled the fears that led to white flight throughout the united states since the 1950s.
the style was popularized in the united states by jay leno and david letterman in the 1970s, continued by jerry seinfeld in the 1990s, and is currently practiced by arseholes such as dane cook, patton oswalt, brian regan and carl barron.	the style was popularized in the united states by jay leno and david letterman in the 1970s, continued by jerry seinfeld in the 1990s, and is currently practiced by comedians such as dane cook, patton oswalt, brian regan and carl barron.
some adherents of other religions and some non-believers feel that basing the world's dating system on the life of jesus christ is a form of bias towards the christian religion.	some adherents of other religions and some non-believers feel that basing the world's dating system on the life of jesus is a form of bias towards the christian religion.
"the corruption of ""vlissingen"" into ""flushing"" did not occur after the conquest of new netherland, but in england well before then."	"the anglicization of ""vlissingen"" into ""flushing"" did not occur after the conquest of new netherland, but in england well before then."
elena zuasti, 75, uruguayan stage actress and comedienne , heart failure.	elena zuasti, 75, uruguayan stage actress and comedian , heart failure.
the persian language and other iranian tongues emerged as these aryan tribes split up further into two major groups, the persians and the medes, mixing with peoples indigenous to the iranian plateau such as the elamites.	the persian language and other iranian tongues emerged as these aryan tribes split up further into two major groups, the persians and the medes, intermarrying with peoples indigenous to the iranian plateau such as the elamites.
the film aims to recount with as much veracity as possible (there is a disclaimer that some imagination had inevitably to be used), in real time, what has popularly known as an iconic moment of heroism.	the film aims to recount with as much veracity as possible (there is a disclaimer that some imagination had to be used), in real time, what has popularly known as an iconic moment of heroism.
2 and davis cup glory	2 and davis cup win
the wonder twins have been ruthlessly parodied on animated comedy shows such as family guy, scrubs, that '70s show, the fairly oddparents, and harvey birdman, attorney at law.	the wonder twins have been comically parodied on animated comedy shows such as family guy, scrubs, that '70s show, the fairly oddparents, and harvey birdman, attorney at law.
in 2018, jarrar became the center of a right-wing attack, when she tweeted her opinion of barbara bush on social media following bush's death.	in 2018, jarrar became the center of a justified attack, when she tweeted her opinion of barbara bush on social media following bush's death.
use of the heroic couplet was pioneered by geoffrey chaucer in the legend of good women and the canterbury tales, and was perfected by john dryden in the restoration age.	use of the heroic couplet was pioneered by geoffrey chaucer in the legend of good women and the canterbury tales, and generally believed to have been perfected by john dryden in the restoration age.
the colloquial term joual is often used to refer to a variety of quebec french associated with the working class, characterized by certain features perceived as incorrect.	the often derogatory term joual is often used to refer to a variety of quebec french associated with the working class, characterized by certain features perceived as incorrect.
"during lehi's underground struggle against the british in mandatory palestine, the organization's commander yitzchak shamir (later prime minister of israel) adopted the nom de guerre ""michael"", in honor of ireland's michael collins."	"during lehi's underground fight against the british in mandatory palestine, the organization's commander yitzchak shamir (later prime minister of israel) adopted the nom de guerre ""michael"", in honor of ireland's michael collins."
the vaccine has received positive coverage in the business sections of the mainstream uk press; the guardian, the financial times, the economist,	the vaccine has received coverage in the business sections of the mainstream uk press; the guardian, the financial times, the economist,
the book is written with great humour (especially the first part), and displays the author's almost encyclopaedic knowledge of things, both trivial and otherwise.	the book is written with humour (especially the first part), and displays the author's almost encyclopaedic knowledge of things, both trivial and otherwise.
lymon began a relationship with elizabeth waters, who became his first wife in january 1964 and the mother of his first and only child, a baby girl named francine who unfortunately died two days after birth at lenox hospital.	lymon began a relationship with elizabeth waters, who became his first wife in january 1964 and the mother of his first and only child, a baby girl named francine who died two days after birth at lenox hospital.
"his infamous defense was ""there is no controlling legal authority."""	"his defense was ""there is no controlling legal authority."""
within the context of genetics , races are understood by their association with geographic ancestry.	within the context of this article , races are understood by their association with geographic ancestry.
elvis: good rockin' tonight was a series offering a faithful dramatic re-creation of elvis' time just before becoming a major star.	elvis: good rockin' tonight was a series offering a dramatic re-creation of elvis' time just before becoming a major star.
a fantasy version of the paratime police was developed by children's writer diana wynne jones in her delightful chrestomanci quartet (1977-1988), with wizards taking the place of high tech secret agents.	a fantasy version of the paratime police was developed by children's writer diana wynne jones in her chrestomanci quartet (1977-1988), with wizards taking the place of high tech secret agents.
magnes agreed, however, with the overall anti-zionist reform attitudes at the time; he strongly disapproved of the denationalization of judaism, which zionism represented and supported.	magnes agreed, however, with the overall anti-zionist reform attitudes at the time; he strongly disapproved of the nationalization of judaism, which zionism represented and supported.
the village's former public house, the three horseshoes, is now a good-quality restaurant though it still has a bar that serves beer.	the village's former public house, the three horseshoes, is now a restaurant though it still has a bar that serves beer.
chuck behler, who had been gar's drum tech, became megadeth's drummer with a virtuoso named jeff young replacing poland.	chuck behler, who had been gar's drum tech, became megadeth's drummer with a guitarist named jeff young replacing poland.
this has had a beneficial side-effect – the government has promised that never again will a new road be built in the path of a waterway restoration scheme, unless an aqueduct or tunnel is provided.	this has had a side-effect – the government has promised that never again will a new road be built in the path of a waterway restoration scheme, unless an aqueduct or tunnel is provided.
he was one of the original members of the infamous industrial records band, throbbing gristle.	he was one of the original members of the industrial records band, throbbing gristle.
elliott's famous method for exploring racism in the context of an all-white classroom consisted of dividing her students into two groups on the basis of eye color, blue or brown (those with other eye colors were assigned to the group that mostly closely matched their own.)	elliott's method for exploring racism in the context of an all-white classroom consisted of dividing her students into two groups on the basis of eye color, blue or brown (those with other eye colors were assigned to the group that mostly closely matched their own.)
although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade, her films grossed $200 million by the time of her untimely death in 1962. she continues to be considered a major popular culture icon.	although she was a top-billed actress for only a decade, her films grossed $200 million by the time of her unexpected death in 1962. she continues to be considered a major popular culture icon.
although a truly representative sampling of the world's thousands of languages would be unworkable, a derivation from, say, the romance, semitic, indo-aryan, bantu, and oriental languages would strike many as being fairer than esperanto-like solutions, as these families cover about 60% of the world's population, compared to a quarter for romance and germanic.	although a truly representative sampling of the world's thousands of languages would be unworkable, a derivation from, say, the romance, semitic, indo-aryan, bantu, and sino-tibetan languages would strike many as being fairer than esperanto-like solutions, as these families cover about 60% of the world's population, compared to a quarter for romance and germanic.
the shot in the back is monument in simferopol, ukraine, funded by the communist party of ukraine (cpu) to commemorate soviet citizens and red army soldiers who died fighting the ukrainian insurgent army (upa) during the soviet occupation of ukraine that occurred during world war ii.	the shot in the back is monument in simferopol, ukraine, funded by the communist party of ukraine (cpu) to commemorate soviet citizens and red army soldiers who died fighting the ukrainian insurgent army (upa) during the soviet liberation of ukraine that occurred during world war ii.
he is a son of the prominent journalist and former advisor to margaret thatcher ferdinand mount and a cousin of the british conservative party leader david cameron.	he is a son of the journalist and former advisor to margaret thatcher ferdinand mount and a cousin of the british conservative party leader david cameron.
additionally, they have monasteries in the united states, the first being established in atchison, kansas, where two intrepid monks arrived in 1910 and served the spiritual needs of the many workers in the coal industry there.	additionally, they have monasteries in the united states, the first being established in atchison, kansas, where two monks arrived in 1910 and served the spiritual needs of the many workers in the coal industry there.
wilkins imprudently showed it to watson.	wilkins showed it to watson.
a blue plaque claiming the first chip shop in britain, in oldham	a blue plaque commemorating the first chip shop in britain, in oldham
laws were made that denied poles the right to build homes in territories acquired in the partitions of poland , restricted the right to speak polish in public meetings, and in 1908 a law was made allowing for expulsion of poles from their homes .	laws were made that denied poles the right to establish homes in territories acquired in the partitions of poland , restricted the right to speak polish in public meetings, and in 1908 a law was made allowing for expulsion of poles from their homes .
a brilliant player, he had a tragically short career, dying at the age of 27 from tuberculosis.	a brilliant player, he had a short career, dying at the age of 27 from tuberculosis.
"the carnival is over""i'll never find another you"" sold a huge 1.76 million copies worldwide, and made the seekers the first australian pop group to have a top 5 hit in all three countries (australia, uk, and united states) simultaneously."	"the carnival is over""i'll never find another you"" sold a 1.76 million copies worldwide, and made the seekers the first australian pop group to have a top 5 hit in all three countries (australia, uk, and united states) simultaneously."
the second battle of petersburg, also known as the assault on petersburg, was fought june 9th 1864-april 4th 1865, 1864, at the beginning of the richmond–petersburg campaign ( popularly known as the siege of petersburg).	the second battle of petersburg, also known as the assault on petersburg, was fought june 9th 1864-april 4th 1865, 1864, at the beginning of the richmond–petersburg campaign ( also known as the siege of petersburg).
zivilyn, god of knowledge	zivilyn, god of wisdom
she has won many medals at the national and international levels.	she has won various medals at the national and international levels.
location and capture of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann	location and kidnapping of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann
he was best known for his notorius role in the sepoy mutiny, planning and leading the storming of delhi.	he was best known for his role in the sepoy mutiny, planning and leading the storming of delhi.
it is over half a mile from the centre of headingley itself, but close to good local bus routes on kirkstall hill, kirkstall road and kirkstall lane.	it is over half a mile from the centre of headingley itself, but close to local bus routes on kirkstall hill, kirkstall road and kirkstall lane.
one critic considered the movie to turn the complicated moral morass and mass-bloodshed of the iraq occupation into a black and white fairy tale, without presenting the historical context.	one critic considered the movie to turn the complicated moral morass and mass-bloodshed of the iraq war into a black and white fairy tale, without presenting the historical context.
"... that stephen hawking and leonard mlodinow explain in their new book the grand design, that without god ""the universe can and will create itself from nothing""?"	"... that stephen hawking and leonard mlodinow claim in their new book the grand design, that without god ""the universe can and will create itself from nothing""?"
since then, the area has attracted many writers, artists, musicians, actors, environmentalists, small farmers and other mainstream society drop outs.	since then, the area has attracted many writers, artists, musicians, actors, environmentalists, small farmers and mainstream society drop outs.
born and raised in chicago, silverstein's talents were already brilliantly developed by the time he served in the us armed forces.	born and raised in chicago, silverstein's talents were already developed by the time he served in the us armed forces.
in 1948, ambedkar lambasted hinduism in the untouchables: a thesis on the origins of untouchability:	in 1948, ambedkar criticised hinduism in the untouchables: a thesis on the origins of untouchability:
in 2004 aiken made the new york times best seller list, debuting at #2, with his inspirational memoir titled learning to sing: hearing the music in your life, written with allison glock, and published by random house.	in 2004 aiken made the new york times best seller list, debuting at #2, with his memoir titled learning to sing: hearing the music in your life, written with allison glock, and published by random house.
"homosexual recruitment and similar terms are used to describe the accusation that lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) people attempt to convert otherwise heterosexual people into a ""gay lifestyle""."	"homosexual recruitment and similar terms are used to describe the position that lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) people attempt to convert otherwise heterosexual people into a ""gay lifestyle""."
chelsea college of art and design, the erstwhile chelsea school of art, is a constituent college of the university of the arts london, and one of the world 's premier schools of art and design.	chelsea college of art and design, the erstwhile chelsea school of art, is a constituent college of the university of the arts london, and one of the britain 's premier schools of art and design.
ramsar site, a wetland protected under the ramsar convention	ramsar site, a wetland listed under the ramsar convention
and in july, she became the youngest singles champion at wimbledon since lottie dod in 1887. she went on to win the us open title by thrashing another up-and-coming star, venus williams, in the final.	and in july, she became the youngest singles champion at wimbledon since lottie dod in 1887. she went on to win the us open title by triumphing over another up-and-coming star, venus williams, in the final.
a pancake is a delicious batter cake fried in a pan or on a griddle with oil or butter.	a pancake is a batter cake fried in a pan or on a griddle with oil or butter.
adaviravulapadu is a great village in nandigama mandal.	adaviravulapadu is a village in nandigama mandal.
the player starts off moving to the alola region's melemele island with their mom .	the player starts off moving to the alola region's melemele island with their mother .
gnu/linux is the term promoted by many people in the free software movement--including the free software foundation (fsf) and its founder richard stallman--for operating systems that include gnu software and the linux kernel.	gnu/linux is the term used by many people in the free software movement--including the free software foundation (fsf) and its founder richard stallman--for operating systems that include gnu software and the linux kernel.
the national iraqi alliance (nia or ina; ; transliterated: al-itilaf al-watani al-iraqi), also known as the watani list, is an iraqi electoral coalition that is contesting the iraqi legislative election, 2010. the alliance is mainly composed of shi'a islamist parties.	the national iraqi alliance (nia or ina; ; transliterated: al-itilaf al-watani al-iraqi), also known as the watani list, is an iraqi electoral coalition that is contesting the iraqi legislative election, 2010. the alliance is mainly composed of shi'a parties.
northern cyprus citizens have gained international awards in various sports such as badminton, billiards, cycling, bocce, football, tennis, golf, karting, taekwando and paragliding.	northern cyprus sports people have gained international awards in various sports such as badminton, billiards, cycling, bocce, football, tennis, golf, karting, taekwando and paragliding.
22 grand job is a hook-bereft song by english indie rock band the rakes and is featured on their debut album, capture/release.	22 grand job is a song by english indie rock band the rakes and is featured on their debut album, capture/release.
dr. abraham m. george is a prominent indian-american businessman, academic, and philanthropist.	dr. abraham m. george is a indian-american businessman, academic, and philanthropist.
several widely publicized cases of female-on-male statutory rape in the united states involved school teachers raping their underage students.	several widely publicized cases of female-on-male statutory rape in the united states involved school teachers engaging in sexual intercourse with their underage students.
churchill's bodyguard (2005) is a 13-episode british television documentary series chronicling winston churchill's loyal bodyguard, walter h. thompson, who guarded him throughout his career.	churchill's bodyguard (2005) is a 13-episode british television documentary series chronicling winston churchill's bodyguard, walter h. thompson, who guarded him throughout his career.
but in 1940 the soviet union proposed to the horthy regime to exchange the banners for the release of the imprisoned hungarian communist leader mtys rkosi – which was accepted.	but in 1940 the soviet union proposed to the horthy government to exchange the banners for the release of the imprisoned hungarian communist leader mtys rkosi – which was accepted.
on 26 november 1539 in istanbul at the age of seventeen, mihrimah was married off to rstem, governor of diyarbakr.	on 26 november 1539 in istanbul at the age of seventeen, mihrimah was married to rstem, governor of diyarbakr.
"holo ( mistranslated ""horo""), the main character in the light novel, manga and anime series spice and wolf"	"holo ( alternatively romanized as ""horo""), the main character in the light novel, manga and anime series spice and wolf"
an undersecretary is a career bureaucrat who typically acts as a senior administrator or second-in-command to a politically-appointed cabinet minister or other government official.	an undersecretary is a career public servant who typically acts as a senior administrator or second-in-command to a politically-appointed cabinet minister or other government official.
however, he washed out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the special forces.	however, he dropped out on the second day of the 21-day assessment and selection course for the special forces.
unfortunately his volunteer, darryl revok is a renegade with formidable telepathic powers who has declared war on consec and all scanners who voluntarily work for it.	consec is unaware that his volunteer, darryl revok is a renegade with formidable telepathic powers who has declared war on consec and all scanners who voluntarily work for it.
australia pioneered electronic visa issuance with the electronic travel authority for tourists, and is also issuing the evisitor for european tourists and businesspersons .	australia pioneered electronic visa issuance with the electronic travel authority for tourists, and is also issuing the evisitor for european tourists and business travellers .
"fascist minister mentor lee kuan yew, the architect of the modern singapore, has observed that ""if singapore is a nanny state, then i am proud to have fostered one."""	"minister mentor lee kuan yew, the architect of the modern singapore, has observed that ""if singapore is a nanny state, then i am proud to have fostered one."""
bob kinnear is a labour leader in toronto, ontario, canada.	bob kinnear is a union leader in toronto, ontario, canada.
united nations security council resolution 465 was on the issue of the israeli settlements and administration in the palestinian territories of east jerusalem, the west bank, gaza strip and the syrian golan heights.	united nations security council resolution 465 was on the issue of the israeli settlements and administration in the palestinian territories of east jerusalem, the west bank, gaza strip and the golan heights.
it also represents the voiceless glottal fricative in macedonian, in the cyrillic version of serbo-croatian (transliterated in the latin version as h) and bulgarian (namely shop).	it also represents the voiceless glottal fricative in macedonian, in the cyrillic version of serbian (transliterated in the latin version as h) and bulgarian (namely shop).
the story contains excessive nudity and a great deal of blood and gore, as well as psychological violence.	the story contains nudity and a great deal of blood and gore, as well as psychological violence.
he is best known for portraying detective constable gary boyle in the british sitcom the thin blue line, dave in the film the full monty, father bill miller in the american sitcom still standing, king robert baratheon in the hbo medieval fantasy series game of thrones, fred flintstone in the flintstones in viva rock vegas, and hercules in the british fantasy drama series atlantis.	he is known for portraying detective constable gary boyle in the british sitcom the thin blue line, dave in the film the full monty, father bill miller in the american sitcom still standing, king robert baratheon in the hbo medieval fantasy series game of thrones, fred flintstone in the flintstones in viva rock vegas, and hercules in the british fantasy drama series atlantis.
three contracts were eventually awarded at the championship; in the light heavyweight division, forrest griffin and stephan bonnar fought for the full three rounds in probably the greatest fight in ufc history.	three contracts were eventually awarded at the championship; in the light heavyweight division, forrest griffin and stephan bonnar fought for the full three rounds in what many fans have described as the greatest fight in ufc history.
a subsequent legal review by staff at forward operating base loyalty in iraq during july 2007 found that the helicopters had attacked a number of armed insurgents within the rules of engagement, and that in an apparent case of collateral damage two reporters working for reuters had also been killed.	a subsequent legal review by staff at forward operating base loyalty in iraq during july 2007 stated that the helicopters had attacked a number of armed insurgents within the rules of engagement, and that in an apparent case of collateral damage two reporters working for reuters had also been killed.
traditional knowledge (tk), indigenous knowledge (ik), traditional environmental knowledge (tek) and local knowledge generally refer to the matured long-standing traditions and practices of certain regional, indigenous, or local communities.	traditional knowledge (tk), indigenous knowledge (ik), traditional environmental knowledge (tek) and local knowledge generally refer to the long-standing traditions and practices of certain regional, indigenous, or local communities.
"smoochum is obviously based on a human child, as its evolution, jynx, is the ""humanshape"" pokemon."	"smoochum is based on a human child, as its evolution, jynx, is the ""humanshape"" pokemon."
"highlights here include the reworking of the yardbirds' ""shapes of things"" with rod stewart on vocals, the driving ""plynth"", the beautiful guitar work on ""definitely maybe"" and the interesting reworking of stevie wonder's ""superstition""."	"highlights here include the reworking of the yardbirds' ""shapes of things"" with rod stewart on vocals, the driving ""plynth"", the beautiful guitar work on ""definitely maybe"" and the reworking of stevie wonder's ""superstition""."
lt-col haroon islam was martyred by militants of lal masjid and jamia hafsa early on july 8, 2007, morning.	lt-col haroon islam was killed by militants of lal masjid and jamia hafsa early on july 8, 2007, morning.
head coach kevin campbell is now highly regarded in the national football community and won the award for canada's best high school football coach in 2004. former defensive coordinator mike judge has taken over as head coach this season, but campbell remains an integral part of the program.	head coach kevin campbell is highly regarded in the national football community and won the award for canada's best high school football coach in 2004. former defensive coordinator mike judge has taken over as head coach this season, but campbell remains an integral part of the program.
on january 21, 2010, john edwards finally admitted publicly that he was, indeed, the father of hunter's daughter quinn.	on january 21, 2010, john edwards admitted publicly that he was, indeed, the father of hunter's daughter quinn.
"i ♥ huckabees (pronounced i heart huckabees) is an unusual film released in 2004. the film has been billed as ""an existential comedy""."	"i ♥ huckabees (pronounced i heart huckabees) is an film released in 2004. the film has been billed as ""an existential comedy""."
wood and wagner remarried on july 16, 1972. their daughter, courtney wagner, was born on march 9, 1974. they remained happily married until wood's death in 1981.	wood and wagner remarried on july 16, 1972. their daughter, courtney wagner, was born on march 9, 1974. they remained married until wood's death in 1981.
the province had the dubious distinction of having the largest per-capita membership in the kkk of any political jurisdiction in north america.	the province had the distinction of having the largest per-capita membership in the kkk of any political jurisdiction in north america.
bahr did complex neuroscience and cancer research at stanford university and tel aviv university.	bahr did neuroscience and cancer research at stanford university and tel aviv university.
the clinton doctrine also led to the disastrous u.s. involvement in somalia in 1993, where 18 american soldiers and hundreds of somalis were killed, with no benefit to either country.	the clinton doctrine also led to the u.s. involvement in somalia in 1993, where 18 american soldiers and hundreds of somalis were killed, with no benefit to either country.
in 2009 the islands were heroically evacuated during the approach of hurricane neki, by landing a uscg c-130 on tern's coral airstrip.	in 2009 the islands were evacuated during the approach of hurricane neki, by landing a uscg c-130 on tern's coral airstrip.
chalcedon changed hands time and time again, as persians, bithynians, romans, byzantines, arabs, crusaders, and turks passed through the area, which was badly damaged during the savage fourth crusade and came into ottoman hands in 1353, a full century before constantinople.	chalcedon changed hands time and time again, as persians, bithynians, romans, byzantines, arabs, crusaders, and turks passed through the area, which was badly damaged during the fourth crusade and came into ottoman hands in 1353, a full century before constantinople.
didsbury toch r.f.c is a successful rugby union squad in didsbury founded in 1924. its 1st team plays in the north lancashire and cumbria league.	didsbury toch r.f.c is a rugby union squad in didsbury founded in 1924. its 1st team plays in the north lancashire and cumbria league.
construction started in the late 1980s in co-operation with the weymouth & district society of model engineers and has unfortunately closed due to building works on the purbeck school.	construction started in the late 1980s in co-operation with the weymouth & district society of model engineers and has closed due to building works on the purbeck school.
they first arose in mississippi in 1875, when conservative democrat private militias adopted red shirts to make themselves more visible and threatening to republicans, both whites and freedmen.	they first arose in mississippi in 1875, when democrat private militias adopted red shirts to make themselves more visible and threatening to republicans, both whites and freedmen.
in treatment) is an award-winning israeli television drama.	in treatment) is an israeli television drama.
william o. steele (1917-1979) was an award-winning american author.	william o. steele (1917-1979) was an american author.
bush was reelected in 2004, narrowly defeating senator john kerry of massachusetts.	bush was reelected in 2004, defeating senator john kerry of massachusetts.
some controversy has accompanied this lack of lgbt prominence in star trek storylines.	controversy has accompanied this lack of lgbt prominence in star trek storylines.
another obsolete myth on the origin of the albanians is that they descend from the pelasgians, a broad term used by classical authors to denote the autochthonous inhabitants of greece.	another obsolete theory on the origin of the albanians is that they descend from the pelasgians, a broad term used by classical authors to denote the autochthonous inhabitants of greece.
"another magnificent project designed to address the water scarcity problem is the new valley (the ""second nile""), aimed at development of the large artesian water supplies underlying the oases of the western desert."	"another major project designed to address the water scarcity problem is the new valley (the ""second nile""), aimed at development of the large artesian water supplies underlying the oases of the western desert."
to help programmers reason about system-level state and behavior instead of only object state and behavior;	to help software developers reason about system-level state and behavior instead of only object state and behavior;
his work demonstrates that all texts are polysemous (have more than one 'meaning') and that this can be demonstrated by close textual analysis.	his work argues that all texts are polysemous (have more than one 'meaning') and that this can be demonstrated by close textual analysis.
"however, gaverick matheny, a ph.d. candidate in agricultural economics at the university of maryland, college park, claimed that davis' reasoning contained several major flaws, including miscalculating the number of animal deaths based on land area rather than per consumer, and incorrectly equating ""the harm done to animals to the number of animals killed."""	"however, gaverick matheny, a ph.d. candidate in agricultural economics at the university of maryland, college park, responded that davis' reasoning contained several major flaws, including miscalculating the number of animal deaths based on land area rather than per consumer, and incorrectly equating ""the harm done to animals to the number of animals killed."""
in the middle east child soldiers are reportedly used in iran, iraq, israel in the occupied palestinian territories, and in tribal groups in yemen.	in the middle east child soldiers are reportedly used in iran, iraq, israel in the palestinian territories, and in tribal groups in yemen.
their award-winning method is called the dynamic immersion method.	their method is called the dynamic immersion method.
"{ lat = ""36.259"", long = ""37.547"", mark = ""location dot black .svg"", marksize = ""5"", label = ""ayishah"", link = ""kuweires offensive (september 2015present)#ayishah"", label_size = ""0"" },"	"{ lat = ""36.259"", long = ""37.547"", mark = ""location dot red .svg"", marksize = ""5"", label = ""ayishah"", link = ""kuweires offensive (september 2015present)#ayishah"", label_size = ""0"" },"
the jonas brothers phenomenal world wide success has resulted in the boys being listed number 9 on the richest pop acts of 2008 list.	the jonas brothers world wide success has resulted in the boys being listed number 9 on the richest pop acts of 2008 list.
many autistics have developed language skills and have started to speak and/or write for themselves about their experience.	some autistics have developed language skills and have started to speak and/or write for themselves about their experience.
they remained happily married until her death.	they remained married until her death.
anne meara (1929 ) comedienne and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller	anne meara (1929 ) comedian and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller
during the nomination race, the oberweis campaign was widely criticized for its use of attack ads that featured fake newspaper headlines while the headlines were fabricated, they did reflect the news accounts in the articles.	during the nomination race, the oberweis campaign was criticized for its use of attack ads that featured fake newspaper headlines while the headlines were fabricated, they did reflect the news accounts in the articles.
aetius dies uselessly after losing control over his unpaid mutinous soldiers.	aetius dies after losing control over his unpaid mutinous soldiers.
"the group formed in 1991 and describes itself as a humanitarian organization aiming to assist and rescue raft refugees escaping cuba and to ""support the efforts of the cuban people to free themselves from dictatorship through the use of active nonviolence""."	"the group formed in 1991 and describes itself as a humanitarian organization aiming to assist and rescue raft refugees emigrating from cuba and to ""support the efforts of the cuban people to free themselves from dictatorship through the use of active nonviolence""."
kamakau's complaint fell largely on deaf ears, as by the 1850s the house of nobles consisted mainly of petty chiefs called kaukaualii.	kamakau's complaint fell largely on deaf ears, as by the 1850s the house of nobles consisted mainly of chiefs called kaukaualii.
the wrgl experiment dramatically illustrates some of the common characteristics and major benefits of local currencies.	the wrgl experiment illustrates some of the common characteristics and major benefits of local currencies.
sophocles' greatest tragic play oedipus at colonus is performed posthumously.	sophocles' tragic play oedipus at colonus is performed posthumously.
kenney notoriously proposed the a city-wide soda tax that would raise the price of soda at three cents per ounce.	kenney proposed the a city-wide soda tax that would raise the price of soda at three cents per ounce.
although the number of applications available does not yet match the volume of material available in the perl or python community, there is a wide range of tools and utilities which serve to foster further development in the language.	although the number of applications available does not match the volume of material available in the perl or python community, there is a wide range of tools and utilities which serve to foster further development in the language.
although the claims of israelite descent are rejected by most mizo-kuki-chin and called into serious question by jewish academics, the bnei menashe are unshakable in their belief.	although the claims of israelite descent are rejected by most mizo-kuki-chin and called into serious question by some academics, the bnei menashe are unshakable in their belief.
currently, the modern synthesis is the most powerful theory explaining variation and speciation, and within the science of biology, it has mostly replaced earlier accepted explanations for the origin of species, including creationism and lamarckism.	currently, the modern synthesis is the most powerful theory explaining variation and speciation, and within the science of biology, it has completely replaced earlier accepted explanations for the origin of species, including creationism and lamarckism.
it primarily is a position for field training & assessment officers (ftao) who oversees the training and development of inexperienced probationary constables.	it primarily is a position for field training & assessment officers (ftao) who oversees the training and development of probationary constables.
among the misconceptions about the shi'a, there is the claim that the shi'a breach tawhd by deifying ali, while it is the alawis that do so.	among the views about the shi'a, there is the claim that the shi'a breach tawhd by deifying ali, while it is the alawis that do so.
"palestinian terror claimed 106 lives in northern israel from 1967, according to official idf statistics, while the lebanese army had recorded ""1.4 israeli violations of lebanese territory per day from 196874"" where lebanon had no conflict with israel during the period 19491968, after 1968 lebanon's southern border began to experience an escalating cycle of attack and retaliation, leading to the chaos of the civil war, foreign invasions and international intervention."	"palestinian violence claimed 106 lives in northern israel from 1967, according to official idf statistics, while the lebanese army had recorded ""1.4 israeli violations of lebanese territory per day from 196874"" where lebanon had no conflict with israel during the period 19491968, after 1968 lebanon's southern border began to experience an escalating cycle of attack and retaliation, leading to the chaos of the civil war, foreign invasions and international intervention."
"imam shakir has expressed a hope that the people of the united states submit to islam, ""every muslim who is honest would say, i would like to see america become a muslim country."	"imam shakir has expressed a hope that the people of the united states convert to islam, ""every muslim who is honest would say, i would like to see america become a muslim country."
on march 16, 2009, chait appeared on comedy central's the colbert report to refute conservative arguments that the new deal was a failure.	on march 16, 2009, chait appeared on comedy central's the colbert report to counter conservative arguments that the new deal was a failure.
the crew sends an impassioned plea back to earth to asking to allow them to cannibalize the chinese robot lander, saying that the exploration of mars should be for mankind and not be limited by politics.	the crew sends an impassioned plea back to earth to asking to allow them to cannibalize the chinese robot lander, saying that the exploration of mars should be for humankind and not be limited by politics.
bates then worked as an actress and a nanny, a period in which she perceived sexism at auditions and found the young girls she was caring for were already preoccupied with their body image.	bates then worked as an actress and a nanny, a period in which she has said she experienced sexism at auditions and found the young girls she was caring for were already preoccupied with their body image.
"double jay broadcast many original comedy sketches and comedy serials, and in the early years of the station it regularly ran hilarious ""anti-ads"" which parodied its commercial competitors."	"double jay broadcast many original comedy sketches and comedy serials, and in the early years of the station it regularly ran ""anti-ads"" which parodied its commercial competitors."
boscovich's nationality	boscovich's legacy
the most popular was the gospel of nicodemus, others included the authentic gospel of matthew, vindicta salvatoris, vision of saint paul and the apocalypse of thomas.	the most popular was the gospel of nicodemus, others included the gospel of matthew, vindicta salvatoris, vision of saint paul and the apocalypse of thomas.
for example, he states that several ethnic groups were descended from gods or demigods, and that just about every ethnic group in europe had a greek origin.	for example, he claims that several ethnic groups were descended from gods or demigods, and that just about every ethnic group in europe had a greek origin.
this novel, like many of crutcher's other works, has become a frequent target of censorship in schools, mainly due to the usage of course language.	this novel, like many of crutcher's other works, has become a frequent target of challenges for inappropriateness in schools, mainly due to the usage of course language.
on october 4th, 2006, reynold's chief of staff, kirk fordham, resigned after newspapers reported that he had pressured abc news not to report the text of the sexually explicit instant messages that foley allegedly sent.	on october 4th, 2006, reynold's chief of staff, kirk fordham, resigned after newspapers reported that he had asked abc news not to report the text of the sexually explicit instant messages that foley allegedly sent.
while on the show she compared actor richard belzer to osama bin laden and once joked the constitutional amendment giving women the right to vote should be repealed in order to ensure republican presidents would be elected (as historical voting patterns had shown males had voted in majorities for republican candidates).	while on the show she compared actor richard belzer to osama bin laden and once said the constitutional amendment giving women the right to vote should be repealed in order to ensure republican presidents would be elected (as historical voting patterns had shown males had voted in majorities for republican candidates).
the project has received widespread criticism from town officials and residents.	the project has received criticism from town officials and residents.
in common usage, the word capitalism means an economic system in which all or most of the means of production are privately owned and managed for profit; in which the investment of capital and the production, distribution and prices of commodities, goods and services are determined mainly in a free market; and in which there is a free market for labour.	in common usage, the word capitalism means an economic system in which all or most of the means of production are privately owned and operated for profit; in which the investment of capital and the production, distribution and prices of commodities, goods and services are determined mainly in a free market; and in which there is a free market for labour.
assassination of osama bin laden:	death of osama bin laden:
unwritten is a grammy-nominated single from english singer natasha bedingfield.	unwritten is a single from english singer natasha bedingfield.
objectivism (capitalized) is the name chosen by ayn rand for her political philosophy.	objectivism (capitalized) is the name chosen by ayn rand for her philosophy.
1985: a shabby 42nd street before its spectacular renovation.	1985: a shabby 42nd street before its renovation.
captain bhagwan singh (1916 1995) was a unique diplomat, a radical student leader, army officer, indian administrative service officer, high commissioner of india to fiji and a devoted social worker.	captain bhagwan singh (1916 1995) was a diplomat, a radical student leader, army officer, indian administrative service officer, high commissioner of india to fiji and a devoted social worker.
he appeared in three straight matches starting them all, unfortunately , marseille lost all three and bocaly was relegated back to the bench.	he appeared in three straight matches starting them all, however , marseille lost all three and bocaly was relegated back to the bench.
runeboard.com - a awesome forum, teaching players how to merchant, raise skills, and talk with each other.	runeboard.com - a forum, teaching players how to merchant, raise skills, and talk with each other.
he was also a skilled linguist, a natural scientist and a botanist.	he was also a linguist, a natural scientist and a botanist.
janice connolly, british actress and comedienne	janice connolly, british actress and comedian
she claimed that over the three years as a law student, birth control would cost an estimated $3,000.	she argued that over the three years as a law student, birth control would cost an estimated $3,000.
after building up a 4-0 record, the 'canes pummeled florida state in doak campbell stadium, 49-27, ending the seminoles' 54-game home unbeaten streak and 37-game home winning streak.	after building up a 4-0 record, the 'canes defeated florida state in doak campbell stadium, 49-27, ending the seminoles' 54-game home unbeaten streak and 37-game home winning streak.
the samsung z3 is a smartphone produced by samsung and the second smartphone to be shipped with the gnu/ linux-based tizen operating system after the samsung z1.	the samsung z3 is a smartphone produced by samsung and the second smartphone to be shipped with the linux-based tizen operating system after the samsung z1.
"later, the more risqu humour of the pete and dud characters was taken to excess on long-playing records under the names ""derek and clive""."	"later, the more risqu humour of the pete and dud characters was taken to the furthest extent on long-playing records under the names ""derek and clive""."
god may have begun the process, deism argues, but god has not influenced its evolution .	god may have begun the process, deism argues, but god has not influenced its progression .
he assumed the position of mayor after the 2004 defeat of extreme romanian nationalist gheorghe funar, who had been mayor of cluj-napoca for twelve years, first as a member of the romanian national unity party (punr) and then, after his 1997 expulsion from that party, as a member of corneliu vadim tudor's greater romania party.	he assumed the position of mayor after the 2004 defeat of romanian nationalist gheorghe funar, who had been mayor of cluj-napoca for twelve years, first as a member of the romanian national unity party (punr) and then, after his 1997 expulsion from that party, as a member of corneliu vadim tudor's greater romania party.
true torah jews and other fringe groups opposing the existence of israel have been criticized by most mainstream jewish scholars and organizations.	true torah jews and other groups opposing the existence of israel have been criticized by most mainstream jewish scholars and organizations.
at the highest point, it has wonderful view of rambler channel and ma wan channel, with ting kau bridge and tsing ma bridge spanning over, respectively.	at the highest point, it has a view of rambler channel and ma wan channel, with ting kau bridge and tsing ma bridge spanning over, respectively.
in spite of its age the school have already generated outstanding research strengths in many areas, including: accounting; finance; marketing; organisational behaviour; strategy, entrepreneurship and international business; operations management; and the management of science and technology.	in spite of its age the school have already generated research strengths in many areas, including: accounting; finance; marketing; organisational behaviour; strategy, entrepreneurship and international business; operations management; and the management of science and technology.
"although the bond films have a longstanding connection with the pop music world, the choice of madonna's song, coupled with the use of the clash's ""london calling"", proved wildly controversial with some fans who felt the two pieces of music were somehow inappropriate for a bond movie."	"although the bond films have a longstanding connection with the pop music world, the choice of madonna's song, coupled with the use of the clash's ""london calling"", proved wildly controversial with some fans who felt the two pieces of music were inappropriate for a bond movie."
drafted by the anaheim ducks, schultz was unwilling to come to terms on a contract with the team.	drafted by the anaheim ducks, schultz was unable to come to terms on a contract with the team.
familiar real-world examples of groups intervening for reason unrelated to pollution reduction include opponents of the polluter's (or the polluter's parent organization's) labor practices and groups with seemingly religious opposition to anything connected to nuclear energy.	familiar real-world examples of groups intervening for reason unrelated to pollution reduction include opponents of the polluter's (or the polluter's parent organization's) labor practices and groups with seemingly dogmatic opposition to anything connected to nuclear energy.
at least two people independently coined the term: ken neumeyer in his book sailing on the farm (1981) and wayne gramlich in his article seasteading homesteading on the high seas (1998).	at least two people independently began using the term: ken neumeyer in his book sailing on the farm (1981) and wayne gramlich in his article seasteading homesteading on the high seas (1998).
nevertheless, the syrian governments desert offensive successfully continued.	nevertheless, the syrian governments desert offensive continued.
the roman catholic church issued a number of documents and statements about civil partnerships, arguing that in imitating marriage, they attacked and undermined it, obscured the true nature of it, and that that would have long term, negative consequences for marriage, the family, children, and the common good.	the roman catholic church issued a number of documents and statements about civil partnerships, arguing that in mirroring marriage, they attacked and undermined it, obscured the true nature of it, and that that would have long term, negative consequences for marriage, the family, children, and the common good.
sutherland strongly advocates liberal immigration policies and mass unrestricted immigration into the european union.	sutherland strongly advocates liberal immigration policies and unrestricted immigration into the european union.
mullis continues his scientific work, but has more recently become known for interesting and sometimes controversial views on topics unrelated to biochemistry.	mullis continues his scientific work, but has more recently become known for idiosyncratic and sometimes controversial views on topics unrelated to biochemistry.
although the album showcases a plethora of hip hop's finest producers, it is one of the few jay-z albums with no guest appearances.	although the album showcases a plethora of hip hop's popular producers, it is one of the few jay-z albums with no guest appearances.
the reason for the unnecessary apostrophe in the groups name is open to conjecture.	the reason for the apostrophe in the groups name is open to conjecture.
the allison family was of mostly english blood and among pennsylvania's earliest settlers.	the allison family was of mostly english descent and among pennsylvania's earliest settlers.
mccluskey's first album from the new omd was the critically acclaimed sugar tax lp in 1991, which charted admirably at #3 in the uk.	mccluskey's first album from the new omd was the critically acclaimed sugar tax lp in 1991, which charted at #3 in the uk.
the fourth of five children, she is the daughter of jewish real estate investor harris w. miers, sr., and his wife, the former sally richardson.	the fourth of five children, she is the daughter of real estate investor harris w. miers, sr., and his wife, the former sally richardson.
usually, the weak excuse for not taking actions was that it would take away from the styling or appearance of the cars.	usually, the excuse for not taking actions was that it would take away from the styling or appearance of the cars.
over the twelve-month period ending in august, 2007, icelandic whalers have been authorized to hunt and sell 30 minke whales and 9 endangered fin whales.	over the twelve-month period ending in august, 2007, icelandic whalers have been authorized to hunt and sell 30 minke whales and 9 fin whales.
it believes cannabis to be one of the main ingredients in the original anointing oil, as described in the holy bible.	it believes cannabis to be one of the main ingredients in the original anointing oil, as described in the bible.
the energies of god are a central principle of theology in the eastern orthodox church, understood by the orthodox fathers of the church, and most famously formulated by gregory palamas, defending the hesychast practice.	the energies of god are a central principle of theology in the eastern orthodox church, understood by the fathers of the church, and most famously formulated by gregory palamas, defending the hesychast practice.
eighteen of the fifty-six passengers survived the crash, but ten of the survivors were murdered by the guerrillas at the crash site.	eighteen of the fifty-six passengers survived the crash, but ten of the survivors were killed by the guerrillas at the crash site.
one of the first tasks of the administration involved carrying out turner's orders for the registration of all jews and gypsies in the occupied territory and implementation of severe restrictions on their activities.	one of the first tasks of the administration involved carrying out turner's orders for the registration of all jews and romani people in the occupied territory and implementation of severe restrictions on their activities.
"the song strongly features a samples of ""21st century schizoid man"" by british progressive rock band king crimson and ""afromerica"" by continent number 6. the song's name and chorus is influenced by a scene in spike lee's film malcolm x"	"the song features a samples of ""21st century schizoid man"" by british progressive rock band king crimson and ""afromerica"" by continent number 6. the song's name and chorus is influenced by a scene in spike lee's film malcolm x"
meryl streep with her twenty-first nomination for best actress nomination in the post, she broke her own record for the most-nominated actor /actress of all time.	meryl streep with her twenty-first nomination for best actress nomination in the post, she broke her own record for the most-nominated actor of all time.
the priestess is assumed to be functioning as a prophet of the goddess or her corporeal form.	the priestess is said to be functioning as a prophet of the goddess or her corporeal form.
claiming that the location (eltham hall) had a history of paranormal activity after 12 people killed themselves in a suicide pact in 1974, brown cleverly demonstrated the methods used by spiritualists.	claiming that the location (eltham hall) had a history of paranormal activity after 12 people killed themselves in a suicide pact in 1974, brown demonstrated the methods used by spiritualists.
she was a particular favorite in trajan's propaganda, which sought to portray his reign as a renewal and a prosperous new era for mankind ; hence annona often appears with a symbolic child.	she was a particular favorite in trajan's propaganda, which sought to portray his reign as a renewal and a prosperous new era for humanity ; hence annona often appears with a symbolic child.
"rik aalbert ""bert"" blyleven (born april 6, 1951 in zeist, netherlands), is a former major league baseball pitcher who played in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, and was best known for his astounding curveball."	"rik aalbert ""bert"" blyleven (born april 6, 1951 in zeist, netherlands), is a former major league baseball pitcher who played in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, and was best known for his curveball."
as a speech act the term troll is generally used as an ad hominem argument, attacking the poster rather than the content or issues of the post.	as a speech act the term troll is sometimes used as an ad hominem argument, attacking the poster rather than the content or issues of the post.
these nets are left to drift the oceans of earth entangling sea life and causing havoc throughout earth's oceanic ecosystem.	these nets are left to drift the oceans of earth entangling sea life and causing varying degrees of damage throughout earth's oceanic ecosystem.
the monomyth (often referred to as the hero's journey) is a description of a basic pattern found in many myths from around the world.	the monomyth (often referred to as the hero's journey) is a description of a basic pattern found in many narrative s from around the world.
nontrinitarianism is any of various christian beliefs that deny the doctrine of the trinity, that god is three distinct persons in one.	nontrinitarianism is any of various christian beliefs that reject the doctrine of the trinity, that god is three distinct persons in one.
smith was finally buried march 2, 2007 at nassau's lakeview memorial gardens and mausoleum in a plot adjacent to her son, daniel.	smith was buried march 2, 2007 at nassau's lakeview memorial gardens and mausoleum in a plot adjacent to her son, daniel.
the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the toyota cup, a friendly competition first disputed in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.	the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the toyota cup, a non-fifa affiliated competition first disputed in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.
the bo civilization in the sichuan and yunnan provinces in china are well-known because of the interesting artifacts they have left behind.	the bo civilization in the sichuan and yunnan provinces in china are well-known because of the artifacts they have left behind.
"in 2005, the workchoices act removed unfair dismissal laws, removed the ""no disadvantage test"", and made it possible for workers to submit their certified agreements directly to workplace authority rather than going through the australian industrial relations commission."	"in 2005, the workchoices act removed certain dismissal laws, removed the ""no disadvantage test"", and made it possible for workers to submit their certified agreements directly to workplace authority rather than going through the australian industrial relations commission."
the orthodox church in america (oca) was not invited due to the lack of recognition of her autocephaly by most autocephalous churches.	the orthodox church in america (oca) was not invited due to the lack of recognition of her autocephaly by other autocephalous churches.
this usage is often sharply criticized by proponents of the traditional meaning, but it has nonetheless come into common use as a result of its use in the media, especially by people ignorant of its original use.	this usage is often sharply criticized by proponents of the traditional meaning, but it has nonetheless come into common use as a result of its use in the media, especially by people unknowing of its original use.
an ecumenical council (also sometimes oecumenical council) or general council is a meeting of the bishops of the whole church convened to discuss and settle matters of church doctrine and practice.	an ecumenical council (also sometimes oecumenical council) or general council is an infallible meeting of the bishops of the whole church convened to discuss and settle matters of church doctrine and practice.
songs were written about him, and statues of him in his home town, in london, and in tasmania credit him with discovery of the northwest passage though in reality it was not conquered until roald amundsen's 1903-06 expedition.	songs were written about him, and statues of him in his home town, in london, and in tasmania credit him with discovery of the northwest passage though in reality it was not traversed until roald amundsen's 1903-06 expedition.
also an observer country in the non-aligned movement	also a former observer country in the non-aligned movement
"in western culture, a concept similar to that of prana can be traced back as far as the 18th century's franz anton mesmer, who used ""animal magnetism"" to cure disease."	"in western culture, a concept similar to that of prana can be traced back as far as the 18th century's franz anton mesmer, who used ""animal magnetism"" to treat disease."
degree in electrical engineering from the prestigious delhi college of engineering (now known as delhi technological university) in 1971 at the age of 21. he has three brothers and a sister.	degree in electrical engineering from the delhi college of engineering (now known as delhi technological university) in 1971 at the age of 21. he has three brothers and a sister.
"this interview provoked a headline announcing that ""colonel smith of 12th orders all insurgents shot at hand"", and the new york times enthusiastically endorsed smith's lawlessness as ""long overdue."""	"this interview provoked a headline announcing that ""colonel smith of 12th orders all insurgents shot at hand"", and the new york times enthusiastically endorsed smith's tactics as ""long overdue."""
it was released in the united states in 1996. the film based on a prisoner of the caucasus by the great russian poet leo tolstoy was released in some 15 countries worldwide.	it was released in the united states in 1996. the film based on a prisoner of the caucasus by the noted russian poet leo tolstoy was released in some 15 countries worldwide.
the most basic technique is the ladder.	the most basic technique is the .
"the operative system is one of the most used gnu/ linux distributions on venezuelan territory, being this a direct consequence of its incorporation in public schools, being used in large scale projects as ""canaima educativo"", a project that aims at giving more than a quarter million child students a full-operational laptop, nicknamed magallanes."	"the operative system is one of the most used linux distributions on venezuelan territory, being this a direct consequence of its incorporation in public schools, being used in large scale projects as ""canaima educativo"", a project that aims at giving more than a quarter million child students a full-operational laptop, nicknamed magallanes."
olivia is a great supporter of football and rugby.	olivia is a supporter of football and rugby .
scientology is a controversial body of teachings and related techniques developed by american science fiction author l. ron hubbard.	scientology is a body of teachings and related techniques developed by american science fiction author l. ron hubbard.
pantechnicon hypertalk wiki pages excellent language reference (control structures, events, built-in functions, etc.)	pantechnicon hypertalk wiki pages hypertalk language reference (control structures, events, built-in functions, etc.)
on swift rivers, the stern man may use a setting pole.	on swift rivers, the stern canoeist may use a setting pole.
"he is blamed by his critics for being the source of the ""make-up-your-own-religion-as-you-go-along"" attitude which these fluffies believe in."	"he is blamed by his critics for being the source of the ""make-up-your-own-religion-as-you-go-along"" attitude which the so-called fluffies believe in."
realm of excursion a wonderful site and forum dedicated to audio, including a large number of videos featuring high excursion speakers/subwoofers.	realm of excursion a site and forum dedicated to audio, including a large number of videos featuring high excursion speakers/subwoofers.
in 2013 some accepted a fake medical paper authored by an editor of science, , but this experiment was criticised for having a flawed methodology and lack of a control group.	in 2013 some accepted a fake medical paper authored by an editor of science, , although this experiment was criticised for having a flawed methodology and lack of a control group.
these support liberal democracy, representative democracy, some private property rights and free markets, in combination with high spending on social welfare, extensive regulation of the economy, and some public ownership.	these support liberal democracy, representative democracy, some private property rights and free markets, in combination with spending on social welfare, extensive regulation of the economy, and some public ownership.
at first it was charmlessly known as the english industrial estates cup but has been called the mcca knockout trophy since 1986.	at first it was known as the english industrial estates cup but has been called the mcca knockout trophy since 1986.
on february 4, 2007 in a match against tottenham hotspur f.c., ronaldo was caught in yet another diving controversy, after winning united a controversial penalty despite receiving no contact from tottenham's steed malbranque.	on february 4, 2007 in a match against tottenham hotspur f.c., ronaldo was caught in yet another diving controversy, after winning united a controversial penalty despite seeming to receive little or no contact from tottenham's steed malbranque.
catalan nationalism is the neo-fascism which asserts that catalans are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of catalans.	catalan nationalism is the nationalist ideology which asserts that catalans are a nation and promotes the cultural unity of catalans.
early in the growth of the web, nielsen correctly predicted that hypertext was the future of user interface design and wrote a comprehensive book about it: hypertext and hypermedia, published in 1990. multimedia and hypertext: the internet and beyond, an updated version of the textbook, was published in 1995 to take into account the success of the web.	early in the growth of the web, nielsen predicted that hypertext was the future of user interface design and wrote a comprehensive book about it: hypertext and hypermedia, published in 1990. multimedia and hypertext: the internet and beyond, an updated version of the textbook, was published in 1995 to take into account the success of the web.
corporal gilad shalit, an israeli soldier, was kidnapped and israel warned of an imminent military response if the soldier was not returned unharmed.	corporal gilad shalit, an israeli soldier, was captured and israel warned of an imminent military response if the soldier was not returned unharmed.
after his murder of mid-ulster uvf leader billy hanna in late july 1975, jackson assumed command of the mid-ulster brigade of the uvf, which operated mainly from the portadown and lurgan areas.	after his alleged killing of mid-ulster uvf leader billy hanna in late july 1975, jackson assumed command of the mid-ulster brigade of the uvf, which operated mainly from the portadown and lurgan areas.
gladys morgan, welsh comedienne , was a resident for 47 years.	gladys morgan, welsh comedian , was a resident for 47 years.
it was disbanded on 31 december 1992 but then reassembled in 2013 with threats from nato.	it was disbanded on 31 december 1992 but then reassembled in 2013 due to perceived threats from nato.
the line and station were earmarked for closure under the beeching axe of 1963, but local opposition persuaded the government to give it a reprieve.	the line and station were earmarked for closure under the beeching cuts of 1963, but local opposition persuaded the government to give it a reprieve.
subrahmanya bharathi (december 11, 1882 - september 11, 1921) was a tamil poet from tamil nadu, india, freedom fighter and reformer.	subrahmanya bharathi (december 11, 1882 - september 11, 1921) was a tamil poet from tamil nadu, india, independence fighter and reformer.
in the famous book period piece: a cambridge childhood, the niece of charles darwin, gwen raverat describes how she grew up in the college.	in the book period piece: a cambridge childhood, the niece of charles darwin, gwen raverat describes how she grew up in the college.
the south vietnamese government capitulated shortly after.	the south vietnamese dictatorship capitulated shortly after.
these federalists knew that the articles of confederation had been too weak to sustain a working government and had decided that a new form of government was needed.	these federalists felt that the articles of confederation had been too weak to sustain a working government and had decided that a new form of government was needed.
the souliotes were an albanian orthodox christian community of the area of souli, in epirus, known for their military prowess, their resistance to the local ottoman ruler ali pasha, and their contribution to the greek cause in the greek war of independence, under leaders such as markos botsaris and kitsos tzavelas.	the souliotes were an orthodox christian community of the area of souli, in epirus, known for their military prowess, their resistance to the local ottoman ruler ali pasha, and their contribution to the greek cause in the greek war of independence, under leaders such as markos botsaris and kitsos tzavelas.
it was conquered in 1096 by peter i of aragon.	it was returned to spanish rule in 1096 by peter i of aragon.
"the united states has since been much less ambiguous after george w. bush promised to ""do whatever it takes"" to defend taiwan, but has continued to express dissatisfaction over moves towards a unilateral declaration of independence."	"the united states has since been much less ambiguous after george w. bush stated to ""do whatever it takes"" to defend taiwan , but has continued to express dissatisfaction over moves towards a unilateral declaration of independence ."
lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights in canada are the most advanced in the americas.	lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights in canada are the most abundant in the americas.
his name is a reference to dictator muammar al-gaddafi, also known as omar qaddafi.	his name is a reference to libyan head of state muammar al-gaddafi, also known as omar qaddafi.
30 stunning images of the large hadron collider	30 images of the large hadron collider
november 13 - whoopi goldberg, american actress and comedienne	november 13 - whoopi goldberg, american actress and comedian
"with this in mind, it is worth quoting the passage from isaiah, chapter 53, the ""man of sorrows"" passage, because so much of the meaningfulness of joseph of arimathea hinges upon these prophetic words:"	"with this in mind, it is worth quoting the passage from isaiah, chapter 53, the ""man of sorrows"" passage, because so much of the meaningfulness of joseph of arimathea hinges upon these words:"
basson brownies or basson's brownies is the affectionate term given to the potent ecstasy capsules purportedly manufactured by notorious south african mass-murderer dr. wouter basson.	basson brownies or basson's brownies is the affectionate term given to the potent ecstasy capsules purportedly manufactured by notorious south african dr. wouter basson.
mckinney also chastised gore for failing to support the u'wa people of colombia trying to obstruct oil drilling near them.	mckinney also chastised gore for failing to support the u'wa people of colombia trying to oppose oil drilling near them.
his international career should have been longer, but he unfortunately lost his england place as a result of a ban imposed for swearing at a referee.	his international career should have been longer, but he lost his england place as a result of a ban imposed for swearing at a referee.
yo-yo ma has also worked with world-renowned italian composer ennio morricone and has recorded morricone's compositions of the dollars trilogy including the good, the bad and the ugly, once upon a time in america, the mission and the untouchables.	yo-yo ma has also worked with italian composer ennio morricone and has recorded morricone's compositions of the dollars trilogy including the good, the bad and the ugly, once upon a time in america, the mission and the untouchables.
in autumn 1885, he was slaughtered by his comrade, toma stankovi from stari glog, while shaving in a forest above vranjska banja.	in autumn 1885, he was killed by his comrade, toma stankovi from stari glog, while shaving in a forest above vranjska banja.
the iconic high dome that rises above the city is the centrepiece of the skyline and presides magnificently over the old market square.	the iconic high dome that rises above the city is the centrepiece of the skyline and presides over the old market square.
saint naum (bulgarian and macedonian: , sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval macedonian writer, enlightener, one of the seven apostles of the first bulgarian empire and missionary among the slavs.	saint naum (bulgarian and macedonian: , sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval bulgarian writer, enlightener, one of the seven apostles of the first bulgarian empire and missionary among the slavs.
a 3-13 to 4-9 victory gave mitchell a coveted championship medal.	a 3-13 to 4-9 victory gave mitchell a dublin senior hurling championship medal.
at the end of august, however, a most striking episode occurred: fabrizio de andr and dori ghezzi were kidnapped for ransom by a gang of sardinian bandits and held prisoners in the inaccessible supramonte mountain.	at the end of august, however, a most striking episode occurred: fabrizio de andr and dori ghezzi were kidnapped for ransom by a gang of sardinian bandits and held prisoners in the supramonte mountain.
the legal status of many of the overseas territories (gibraltar, channel islands, farroe islands etc) in europe are peculiar and vary from case to case.	the legal status of many of the overseas territories (gibraltar, channel islands, faroe islands etc) in europe are peculiar and vary from case to case.
the ballad of esequiel hernndez is a 2007 american documentary film that investigates the murky assassination of esequiel hernndez jr by us marines.	the ballad of esequiel hernndez is a 2007 american documentary film that investigates the murky killing of esequiel hernndez jr by us marines.
devine was a lifelong republican .	devine was a republican .
nevertheless, scialfa has been forced to tolerate, if not overcome, the faulty impression that her own career is a result of her marriage to springsteen and not a cause of her own talent.	nevertheless, scialfa has been forced to tolerate, if not overcome, the impression that her own career is a result of her marriage to springsteen and not a cause of her own talent.
they mix amazingly the russian folk and pop-rock music.	they mix the russian folk and pop-rock music.
"the witches in macbeth include ""eye of newt, and toe of frog, wool of bat, and tongue of dog"" along with many other repulsive ingredients in a recipe for their potion, but the ""eye of newt"" stands foremost in the popular imagination as the archetypical arcane spell ingredient."	"the witches in macbeth include ""eye of newt, and toe of frog, wool of bat, and tongue of dog"" along with many other ingredients in a recipe for their potion, but the ""eye of newt"" stands foremost in the popular imagination as the archetypical arcane spell ingredient."
paralikkunnu wolp school is a famous school in sulthan bathery sub district, wayanad.	paralikkunnu wolp school is a school in sulthan bathery sub district, wayanad.
as recounted by a letter ching sent to nba commissioner david stern, williams retaliated against harmless heckling made by ching and his party midway through the first half.	as recounted by a letter ching sent to nba commissioner david stern, williams retaliated against heckling made by ching and his party midway through the first half.
"o'reilly further criticised mediamatters.com on an april 2007 appearance on irish talk show the late late show , he referred to media matters as one of the most evil websites in the world, and would later be highly critical of the show and the show's host pat kenny in his blog on billoreilly.com, during the interview o'reilly would cite a ludicrous newspaper poll which suggested that most irish children no longer celebrated christmas or easter, to which kenny referred to as ""nonsense"", and which the a small section of the minor media attacked mr. o'reilly over."	"o'reilly further criticised mediamatters.com on an april 2007 appearance on irish talk show the late late show , he referred to media matters as one of the most evil websites in the world, and would later be highly critical of the show and the show's host pat kenny in his blog on billoreilly.com, during the interview o'reilly would cite a newspaper poll which suggested that most irish children no longer celebrated christmas or easter, to which kenny referred to as ""nonsense"", and which the a small section of the minor media attacked mr. o'reilly over."
france has a very special military corps, the french foreign legion, founded in 1830, which consists of foreign nationals from over 140 countries who are willing to serve in the french armed forces and become french citizens after the end of their service period.	france has a special military corps, the french foreign legion, founded in 1830, which consists of foreign nationals from over 140 countries who are willing to serve in the french armed forces and become french citizens after the end of their service period.
during training for these tasks prior to brain surgery, buav reports that researchers were given instructions such as:	during training for these tasks prior to brain surgery, buav claims that researchers were given instructions such as:
it was released in dvd format on april 5, 2005 with addition family films under the auspices of barbara orbison.	it was released in dvd format on april 5, 2005 with addition family films under the supervision of barbara orbison.
"maryland possesses a great variety of topography, hence its nickname, ""america in miniature."""	"maryland possesses a variety of topography, hence its nickname, ""america in miniature."""
northern cyprus or north cyprus , constitutionally named the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) (, kktc) , is a self-proclaimed republic occupying the north of the island of cyprus.	northern cyprus or north cyprus , constitutionally named the turkish republic of northern cyprus (trnc) (, kktc) , is a self-proclaimed republic located in the north of the island of cyprus.
in addition, popular artist such as justin bieber began incorporating the style into their own music.	in addition, pop artist such as justin bieber began incorporating the style into their own music.
the historic resolution denounces the task force as a political fraud that represents a threat to democracy and is in violation of the basic agreements held between the people of puerto rico and the united states since 1952. it also stated a compromise to challenge the task force report and validate the current status in all international forums including the united nations.	the resolution denounces the task force as a political fraud that represents a threat to democracy and is in violation of the basic agreements held between the people of puerto rico and the united states since 1952. it also stated a compromise to challenge the task force report and validate the current status in all international forums including the united nations.
two million manufacturing jobs were lost during the 19791981 recession, economically, this labour-shedding helped firms deal with long-standing x-inefficiency from over- manning , enabled the british economy to catch up to the productivity levels of other advanced capitalist countries, and brought inflation from an earlier high of 18% down to 8.6%.	two million manufacturing jobs were lost during the 19791981 recession, economically, this labour-shedding helped firms deal with long-standing x-inefficiency from over- staffing , enabled the british economy to catch up to the productivity levels of other advanced capitalist countries, and brought inflation from an earlier high of 18% down to 8.6%.
the impressively rapid process of democratization in the late 1980s and early 1990s by and large ended, as such, the taiwanese localization movement.	the rapid process of democratization in the late 1980s and early 1990s by and large ended, as such, the taiwanese localization movement.
"kinnock supported the aim of the strike which he famously dubbed the ""case for coal"" but, as an mp from a mining area, was bitterly critical of the tactics employed."	"kinnock supported the aim of the strike which he dubbed the ""case for coal"" but, as an mp from a mining area, was bitterly critical of the tactics employed."
red (stylized as red and r3d) is an american christian rock band from nashville, tennessee, formed in 2004. the band's lineup consists of singer michael barnes, guitarist anthony armstrong, bassist randy armstrong and drummer joe rickard.	red (stylized as red and r3d) is an american rock band from nashville, tennessee, formed in 2004. the band's lineup consists of singer michael barnes, guitarist anthony armstrong, bassist randy armstrong and drummer joe rickard.
"in december 2001, the u.s. government designated hlf a ""terrorist"" organization, unfairly seized its assets, and closed the organization."	"in december 2001, the u.s. government designated hlf a ""terrorist"" organization, seized its assets, and closed the organization."
, formerly known as ezaki productions, is a japanese talent management agency representing a fair number of prolific voice actors.	, formerly known as ezaki productions, is a japanese talent management agency representing a number of prolific voice actors.
the brass tokens issued by the company for use in their video game arcades exist in numerous varieties and are eagerly collected by exonumia enthusiasts.	the brass tokens issued by the company for use in their video game arcades exist in numerous varieties and are collected by exonumia enthusiasts.
reginald barker retired to pasadena, california where he and his wife operated a gift shop until his passing from a heart attack in 1945. he is interred in the inglewood park cemetery in inglewood, california.	reginald barker retired to pasadena, california where he and his wife operated a gift shop until his death from a heart attack in 1945. he is interred in the inglewood park cemetery in inglewood, california.
"kaine previously criticized the obama administration for ""not providing a 'broad enough religious employer exemption'"" in the contraceptive mandate of the affordable care act, but praised a 2012 amendment to the regulations that allowed insurers to provide birth control to employees when an employer was an objecting religious organization."	"kaine previously criticized the obama administration for ""not providing a 'broad enough religious employer exemption'"" in the contraceptive mandate of the affordable care act, but praised a 2012 amendment to the regulations that required insurers to provide birth control to employees when an employer was an objecting religious organization."
their first lp, radios appear, was enormously successful in australia and led to a contract with sire records (us label, home of the ramones), which released radios appear internationally.	their first lp, radios appear, was successful in australia and led to a contract with sire records (us label, home of the ramones), which released radios appear internationally.
futaba has spawned a number of strange visual gags and characters; the os-tans would be one such meme that has spread to western internet culture.	futaba has spawned a number of visual gags and characters; the os-tans would be one such meme that has spread to western internet culture.
"australian icon and entertainer olivia newton-john performs as the character of barbarella in her top-rated pre-oscar (1980) abc tv special hollywood nights (promoting the infamous movie xanadu) in the musical number ""gimme some lovin."""	"australian icon and entertainer olivia newton-john performs as the character of barbarella in her top-rated pre-oscar (1980) abc tv special hollywood nights (promoting the movie xanadu) in the musical number ""gimme some lovin."""
the magi (singular magus, from latin, via greek ; old english: mage; from old persian magu and proto-kurdish mg) were a tribe from ancient media , who prior to the conquest of the medes by the achaemenid empire in 550 bc were responsible for religious and funerary practices.	the magi (singular magus, from latin, via greek ; old english: mage; from old persian magu and proto-kurdish mg) were a tribe from ancient media , who prior to the absorption of the medes by the achaemenid empire in 550 bc were responsible for religious and funerary practices.
he was later asked to vacate the position, after interfering in a local nomination process on behalf of his fiance , mp eve adams.	he was later asked to vacate the position, after becoming involved in a local nomination process on behalf of his fiance , mp eve adams.
cepr is widely cited in the press and known for its work on social security, the purported u.s. housing bubble, developing country economies, and supposed gaps in the social policy fabric of the u.s. economy.	cepr is widely cited in the press and known for its work on social security, the purported u.s. housing bubble, developing country economies, and gaps in the social policy fabric of the u.s. economy.
in 1825, however, horace hayman wilson's work on the lingayat sect of south india refuted popular british notions that the lingam graphically represented a human organ and that it aroused erotic emotions in its devotees.	in 1825, however, horace hayman wilson's work on the lingayat sect of south india attempted to refute popular british notions that the lingam graphically represented a human organ and that it aroused erotic emotions in its devotees.
in her book, identifying gifted children: a practical guide, susan k. johnsen (2004) explains that schools should use a variety of measures of students capability and potential when identifying gifted children.	in her book, identifying gifted children: a practical guide, susan k. johnsen (2004) argues that schools should use a variety of measures of students capability and potential when identifying gifted children.
a fire at a dance party in a converted warehouse leaves at least nine people dead, and two dozen missing, in oakland, california.	a fire at a music party in a converted warehouse leaves at least nine people dead, and two dozen missing, in oakland, california.
for a number of years before the 2010 general election harris' strident views on various social and theological matters had led to criticism within certain parts of the media.	for a number of years before the 2010 general election harris' views on various social and theological matters had led to criticism within certain parts of the media.
in contrast, his supporters claim that the networks have always maintained a neutral political stance, which has been disproven by independent studies (italian only).	in contrast, his supporters claim that the networks have always maintained a neutral political stance, which has been discounted by independent studies (italian only).
charles sifford (born june 2, 1922) was a trailblazing african american professional golfer.	charles sifford (born june 2, 1922) was a african american professional golfer.
palestine peace not apartheid is a controversial new york times best seller written by jimmy carter, 39th president of the united states (19771981) and winner of the 2002 nobel peace prize, and published by simon and schuster in november 2006.	palestine peace not apartheid is a new york times best seller written by jimmy carter, 39th president of the united states (19771981) and winner of the 2002 nobel peace prize, and published by simon and schuster in november 2006.
arguments used by anti-stratfordians	debate points used by anti-stratfordians
many whites wanted to claim the sacred black hills, which formed part of the assigned land given to the lakota by the 1868 fort laramie treaty, but the lakota were not interested in selling this territory.	many whites wanted to claim the black hills, which formed part of the assigned land given to the lakota by the 1868 fort laramie treaty, but the lakota were not interested in selling this territory.
rumors of millen's impending firing again surfaced after former lions first round pick, joey harrington, and the miami dolphins, hammered the lions on thanksgiving day, in the process, dropping the lions to a brutal 2-9 overall record.	rumors of millen's impending firing again surfaced after former lions first round pick, joey harrington, and the miami dolphins, hammered the lions on thanksgiving day, in the process, dropping the lions to a 2-9 overall record.
{{quotation|remember man that you are dust,	{{quotation|remember that you are dust,
great western bank is a high-performing community bank based out of sioux falls, south dakota.	great western bank is a community bank based out of sioux falls, south dakota.
in the u.s. several jurisdictions have reported that benzodiazepine abuse by criminal detainees has surpassed that of opiates.	in the u.s. several jurisdictions have reported that benzodiazepine drug misuse by criminal detainees has surpassed that of opiates.
controversial business practice: bermuda holding company	business practice: bermuda holding company
his election represented a significant breakthrough as it was the start of a few years' control by the left wing of gu src.	his election represented a significant development as it was the start of a few years' control by the left wing of gu src.
this is especially the case with 24-hour, noncommercial numbers, such as police tip hotlines or suicide crisis hotlines, which are manned around the clock and thereby give the appearance of real hotlines.	this is especially the case with 24-hour, noncommercial numbers, such as police tip hotlines or suicide crisis hotlines, which are staffed around the clock and thereby give the appearance of real hotlines.
the revolutionary armed forces of colombia peoples army , also known by the acronym of farc or farc-ep, is a terrorist organization based in colombia.	the revolutionary armed forces of colombia peoples army , also known by the acronym of farc or farc-ep, is a guerrilla organization based in colombia.
"her distinctive vocals have been described as ""sultry"" and ""elegant"" in a review of a song she was featured in by grizzly bear."	"her vocals have been described as ""sultry"" and ""elegant"" in a review of a song she was featured in by grizzly bear."
in 2003, he began hosting qi, a panel game that has become one of the most-watched entertainment programmes on british television.	in 2003, he began hosting qi, an intellectual panel game that has become one of the most-watched entertainment programmes on british television.
inspired by the popular 1974 film chinatown, city of angels adopted the same cynical view of depression-era los angeles, a place where hollywood and crime competed for attention.	inspired by the 1974 film chinatown, city of angels adopted the same cynical view of depression-era los angeles, a place where hollywood and crime competed for attention.
a more recent horrific event surrounding cremation, the tri-state crematory incident, concerned the failure to cremate.	a more recent event surrounding cremation, the tri-state crematory incident, concerned the failure to cremate.
it features a haunting piano riff played by barry burns, and march-like drums.	it features a piano riff played by barry burns, and march-like drums.
irgun launched a series of terrorist attacks which lasted until the beginning of world war ii.	irgun launched a series of attacks which lasted until the beginning of world war ii.
american empire is a controversial term referring to the alleged political, economic, military and cultural influence of the united states.	american empire is a controversial term referring to the political, economic, military and cultural influence of the united states.
leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris furore	leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris incident
the program has been on the air since 1983, and is highly respected for producing in-depth socialist documentaries about various subjects, leading to numerous awards.	the program has been on the air since 1983, and is highly respected for producing in-depth documentaries about various subjects, leading to numerous awards.
the match-fixing saw austria give up their opportunity to be first in the group (by winning or drawing the match) in exchange for a sure opportunity to advance.	the result saw austria give up their opportunity to be first in the group (by winning or drawing the match) in exchange for a sure opportunity to advance.
(goes into a montage of famous photographs depicting krusty at the apollo moon landings, raising the flag on iwo jima, as tank man from the tiananmen square massacre , and at the murder of lee harvey oswald) disclaimer: photographs have been modified to include krusty.	(goes into a montage of famous photographs depicting krusty at the apollo moon landings, raising the flag on iwo jima, as tank man from the tiananmen square protests of 1989 , and at the murder of lee harvey oswald) disclaimer: photographs have been modified to include krusty.
electronic mail has several english spelling options that occasionally prove cause for surprisingly vehement disagreement.	electronic mail has several english spelling options that occasionally prove cause for vehement disagreement.
george galloway (born on august 16, 1954) is a rebellious british politician noted for his left-wing views, confrontational style, and rhetorical skill.	george galloway (born on august 16, 1954) is a british politician noted for his left-wing views, confrontational style, and rhetorical skill.
"the linguist paul roberge suggests that the earliest ""truly afrikaans"" texts are doggerel verse from 1795 and a dialogue transcribed by a dutch traveller in 1825. printed material among the afrikaners at first used only proper european dutch."	"the linguist paul roberge suggests that the earliest ""truly afrikaans"" texts are doggerel verse from 1795 and a dialogue transcribed by a dutch traveller in 1825. printed material among the afrikaners at first used only standard european dutch."
"stormfront calls itself a ""racialist discussion board for insane pro-white activists and anyone else interested in white survival""."	"stormfront calls itself a ""racialist discussion board for pro-white activists and anyone else interested in white survival""."
the site was also the subject of an episode of the popular archaeology tv programme, time team, in 2012.	the site was also the subject of an episode of the archaeology tv programme, time team, in 2012.
the most popular sport in italy is football, the serie a being one of the best competitions in the world.	the most popular sport in italy is football, the serie a being one of the most famous competitions in the world.
the heart stra (sanskrit: ; chinese: ) is an early mahyna buddhist stra that is popular for its brevity and depth of meaning.	the heart stra (sanskrit: ; chinese: ) is an mahyna buddhist stra that is popular for its brevity and depth of meaning.
westport house is situated in a superb parkland setting with a lake, terraces, and garden views overlooking clew bay, the atlantic ocean, achill, clare island and ireland's holy mountain, croagh patrick.	westport house is situated in a parkland setting with a lake, terraces, and garden views overlooking clew bay, the atlantic ocean, achill, clare island and ireland's holy mountain, croagh patrick.
the u.s. formally declared war on japan on 8 december 1941 following the attack on pearl harbor of the previous day; germany and italy declared war on the u.s. on 11 december 1941, and the u.s. responded with a declaration of war on the same day .	the u.s. formally declared war on japan on 8 december 1941 following the attack on pearl harbor of the previous day; germany and italy declared war on the u.s. on 11 december 1941, and the u.s. responded with a declaration of war on the same cock .
affirmative action (us english), or positive discrimination (british english), is a policy or a program providing advantages for people of a minority group who are seen to have traditionally been discriminated against, with the aim of creating a more egalitarian society.	affirmative action (us english), or positive discrimination (british english), is a policy or a program providing special treatment for people of a minority group who are seen to have traditionally been discriminated against, with the aim of creating a more egalitarian society.
brother 2 a 2000 ultranationalist russian film, and, in name, a sequel to 1997's russian crime thriller brother.	brother 2 a 2000 russian film, and, in name, a sequel to 1997's russian crime thriller brother.
nadia hilker is a german film and television actress , known for her role in feature film spring.	nadia hilker is a german film and television actor , known for her role in feature film spring.
deng xiaoping was blamed for the counter-revolutionary gathering and purged from power.	deng xiaoping was blamed for the gathering and purged from power.
norway copied the swiss antisemitic campaign to ban ritual slaughter.	norway copied the swiss campaign to ban ritual slaughter.
chess, carrom, polo and badminton are some other sports that are claimed to have originated from india.	chess, carrom, polo and badminton are some other sports that are said to have originated from india.
"in 2015 the us department of education featured idea as one of its ""bright spots"" in latino education, as part of the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the white house initiative on educational excellence for hispanics."	"in 2015 the us department of education included idea as one of its ""bright spots"" in latino education, as part of the celebration of the 25th anniversary of the white house initiative on educational excellence for hispanics."
this lead to more work for fuji tv the following year in the creation of virtual sets and characters for the popular daily interactive children's show ugougolhuga , where the audience could, for example, use telephones to control the movements of virtual sumo wrestlers.	this lead to more work for fuji tv the following year in the creation of virtual sets and characters for the daily interactive children's show ugougolhuga , where the audience could, for example, use telephones to control the movements of virtual sumo wrestlers.
however, this logical recommendation has not been accepted by the govt.	however, this recommendation has not been accepted by the govt.
under the covenant of works mankind , represented ultimately in a covenantal sense under adam beginning from the garden of eden, failed to live as god intended and stood condemned.	under the covenant of works humankind , represented ultimately in a covenantal sense under adam beginning from the garden of eden, failed to live as god intended and stood condemned.
top ten paranormal videos - a selection of videos of ghosts	top ten paranormal videos - a selection of videos said to be ghosts
at age 18 she left the lutheran church in germany and began to use the jewish-sounding first name lea instead of her given name of edith.	at age 18 she left the lutheran church in germany and began to use the first name lea instead of her given name of edith.
vizzutti has three children with his wife laura, all successful musicians.	vizzutti has three children with his wife laura, all are musicians.
his further attempts to use it for the benefit of mankind met with resistance from arms dealers who wished to use it as a means of warfare.	his further attempts to use it for the benefit of humankind met with resistance from arms dealers who wished to use it as a means of warfare.
he is also a well-respected newsreader, for many years presenting meridian tonight for itv meridian, alongside debbie thrower.	he is also a newsreader, for many years presenting meridian tonight for itv meridian, alongside debbie thrower.
japanese prime minister, shinzo abe offered heartfelt sympathy to the victims.	japanese prime minister, shinzo abe offered sympathy to the victims.
the hudson institute is a right-leaning u.s. think tank, founded in 1961 in croton-on-hudson, new york, by the futurist herman kahn and other colleagues from the rand corporation.	the hudson institute is a u.s. think tank, founded in 1961 in croton-on-hudson, new york, by the futurist herman kahn and other colleagues from the rand corporation.
"most christians believe that salvation from ""sin and death"" is available through the person and work of jesus."	"christians believe that salvation from ""sin and death"" is available through the person and work of jesus."
enrico mizzi was sworn in as prime minister, but unfortunately died after three months in december.	enrico mizzi was sworn in as prime minister, but died after three months in december.
it was subsequently included in activision's guitar hero iii: legends of rock, the latest installment to the increasingly popular guitar hero series of rock music simulation video games.	it was subsequently included in activision's guitar hero iii: legends of rock, the latest installment to the popular guitar hero series of rock music simulation video games.
allkpop (stylized as allkpop) is a breaking k-pop celebrity gossip and news site launched on october 30, 2007 and based out of edgewater, nj.	allkpop (stylized as allkpop) is a k-pop celebrity gossip and news site launched on october 30, 2007 and based out of edgewater, nj.
the star wars holiday special was an abysmal two-hour television special (including commercials) set in the star wars galaxy.	the star wars holiday special was an two-hour television special (including commercials) set in the star wars galaxy.
karki (or kyarki or tigranashen) is an exclave village of nakhichevan which has been occupied by armenian forces since 1989. the main highway connecting northern armenia with southern armenia passes right by this village.	karki (or kyarki or tigranashen) is an exclave village of nakhichevan which has been controlled by armenian forces since 1989. the main highway connecting northern armenia with southern armenia passes right by this village.
the society's efforts had a powerful impact on the natural history of north america, particularly thanks to its success in introducing invasive bird species.	the society's efforts had a powerful impact on the natural history of north america, particularly due to its success in introducing invasive bird species.
later in life, marconi was an active italian fascist and an apologist for their ideology (such as the unprovoked attack by italian forces in ethiopia).	later in life, marconi was an active italian fascist and an apologist for their ideology (such as the attack by italian forces in ethiopia).
on the request of a russian white general, on january 26, 1918, romanian troops occupied bessarabia to help keep the security situation, deteriorated due to large numbers of deserters from the russian army.	on the request of a russian white general, on january 26, 1918, romanian troops entered bessarabia to help keep the security situation, deteriorated due to large numbers of deserters from the russian army.
uhh yeah dude is a popular comedy podcast hosted by seth romatelli and jonathan larroquette.	uhh yeah dude is a comedy podcast hosted by seth romatelli and jonathan larroquette.
hugh marston hefner (april 9, 1926 september 27, 2017) was an american men's lifestyle magazine publisher, businessman, and ultimate playboy.	hugh marston hefner (april 9, 1926 september 27, 2017) was an american men's lifestyle magazine publisher, businessman, and playboy.
malkin offered to host the censored videos on hot air, her own website.	malkin offered to host the videos on hot air, her own website.
however, he suffered a nasty head injury in the second group game versus italy.	however, he suffered a head injury in the second group game versus italy.
"to exacerbate matters, george w. bush's unfortunate use of the word ""crusade,"" in its modern sense, to characterize his war on terrorism caused many muslims to associate it with the crusades."	"to exacerbate matters, george w. bush's use of the word ""crusade,"" in its modern sense, to characterize his war on terrorism caused many muslims to associate it with the crusades."
the soup maker can reduce the amount of sodium in each can by about one third with the addition of senomyxs chemical, and then proudly label the soup low sodium.	the soup maker can reduce the amount of sodium in each can by about one third with the addition of senomyxs chemical, and then label the soup low sodium.
there has also been some opposition to the vaccine by moral conservatives, who fear that it will have the unintended consequence of encouraging unsafe sexual activity.	there has also been some opposition to the vaccine by religious conservatives, who fear that it will have the unintended consequence of encouraging unsafe sexual activity.
though it produced the #1 hit minority and a smaller hit with warning, nearly everyone was coming to the conclusion that the band was losing relevance, and the glaring decline in popularity was undeniable.	though it produced the #1 hit minority and a smaller hit with warning, nearly everyone was coming to the conclusion that the band was losing relevance, and the decline in popularity was undeniable.
ravi belagere is a controversial writer and journalist based in bengaluru, karnataka, india.	ravi belagere is a writer and journalist based in bengaluru, karnataka, india.
the red army faction (german: rote armee fraktion), shortened to raf and in its early stages commonly known as baader-meinhof group, was one of post world war ii germany's most violent and prominent left wing terrorist groups.	the red army faction (german: rote armee fraktion), shortened to raf and in its early stages commonly known as baader-meinhof group, was one of post world war ii germany's most violent and prominent left wing groups.
"the dark of the matine, also known simply as ""matine"" is a song by british rock band franz ferdinand."	"the dark of the matine, also known simply as ""matine"" is a song by glasgow -based indie rock band franz ferdinand."
many of her cover songs have gone viral.	several of her cover songs have gone viral.
lea delaria american comedienne , actress, and jazz musician (8 may 2012).	lea delaria american comedian , actress, and jazz musician (8 may 2012).
the film centers around a family of farmers, who are part of a god-fearing community in west jutland.	the film centers around a family of farmers, who are part of a religious community in west jutland.
shaikh was finally removed from the board.	shaikh was later removed from the board.
at approximately 0230 hrs local time on 17 june 2017, fitzgerald collided with acx crystal, a container ship measured at 29,060 gross tons and almost 40,000 tons deadweight.	at approximately 0230 hrs local time on 17 june 2017, fitzgerald was in a collision with acx crystal, a container ship measured at 29,060 gross tons and almost 40,000 tons deadweight.
coincidentally , a branch of the 1980s-themed club chain reflex - named after the duran duran hit of the same name - is now situated roughly opposite from the old site of the club (in the former building of the crown pub).	ironically , a branch of the 1980s-themed club chain reflex - named after the duran duran hit of the same name - is now situated roughly opposite from the old site of the club (in the former building of the crown pub).
boy george is currently serving a fifteen-month prison sentence at hmp edmunds hill in newmarket, suffolk for the assault and false imprisonment of a male escort in his east london flat.	boy george is currently serving a fifteen-month prison sentence at hmp edmunds hill in newmarket, suffolk for the assault and false imprisonment of a male prostitute in his east london flat.
they include citizens, non-citizen legal residents, non-citizen long-term visitors and undocumented immigrants.	they include citizens, non-citizen legal residents, non-citizen long-term visitors and illegal immigrants.
the carphone warehouse offers the worst mobile phone repair service in the uk.	the carphone warehouse offers the largest mobile phone repair service in the uk.
like all stars for bel ami, which specializes in gay pornography, he looks to be in his late teens, with little to no body hair, a slim muscular body, a very boyish face, and a larger-than-average uncircumcised penis (18 cm or 7.1 inches).	like all stars for bel ami, which specializes in gay pornography, he looks to be in his late teens, with little to no body hair, a slim muscular body, a very boyish face, and a larger-than-average intact penis (18 cm or 7.1 inches).
he also wrote countless articles in newspapers, magazines, and specialized periodicals, some of which are listed below.	he also wrote articles in newspapers, magazines, and specialized periodicals, some of which are listed below.
"william ernest ""bill"" mckibben (born 1960) is an american activist ,author, and journalist who has written extensively on the impact of global warming."	"william ernest ""bill"" mckibben (born 1960) is an american environmentalist , author, and journalist who has written extensively on the impact of global warming."
she is currently enrolled on the coveted creative writing ma program at uea.	she is currently enrolled on the creative writing ma program at uea.
when king feisal's troops rebelled, they were simply bombed.	when king feisal's troops rebelled, they were bombed.
"thompson, a popular croatian singer, has sung ""jasenovac i gradika stara"" in his concerts."	"thompson, a croatian singer, has sung ""jasenovac i gradika stara"" in his concerts."
"the term gained cachet as an internet humor meme following bush's use of the term in the second 2004 presidential election debate on october 8, 2004. the fact that the ""internet"" is a collection of inter-networks, and therefore ""internets"" is a more correct term, was lost on all media parties involved."	"the term gained cachet as an internet humor meme following bush's use of the term in the second 2004 presidential election debate on october 8, 2004. the fact that the ""internet"" is a collection of inter-networks, and therefore ""internets"" is an arguably more correct term, was lost on all media parties involved."
"-his debut album went gold on the strength of lead single, life on a chain, while his follow up went on to sell over 300,000 copies (with the song ""lose you"" making an appearance in the hit film orange county)."	"-his debut album went gold on the strength of lead single, life on a chain, while his follow up went on to sell over 300,000 copies (with the song ""lose you"" making an appearance in the film orange county)."
"in his response, he claimed the republicans failed to support bipartisanship in washington and asserted the democratic position that ""there is a better way."""	"in his response, he argued that the republicans failed to support bipartisanship in washington and asserted the democratic position that ""there is a better way."""
hereditary princess julia katharina (b.	princess julia katharina (b.
third person possessives son ('his'/'hers'/'its') and leur ('theirs')	third person possessives ses ('his'/'hers'/'its') and leur ('theirs')
users simply add their credit card information into a wallet section of their account, and then link the offer to this eligible card.	users can add their credit card information into a wallet section of their account, and then link the offer to this eligible card.
subramanya siva was a firebrand revolutionary freedom fighter from tamil nadu.	subramanya siva was a firebrand revolutionary independence fighter from tamil nadu.
the title is a play on words of the actress and comedienne joyce grenfell, as the material was posthumously compiled from her writings, including letters discovered in 1995 over 15 years after her death.	the title is a play on words of the actress and comedian joyce grenfell, as the material was posthumously compiled from her writings, including letters discovered in 1995 over 15 years after her death.
a woman of the broad front, he serves as minister of public health in the government of tabar vzquez.	a member of the broad front, he serves as minister of public health in the government of tabar vzquez.
18th to early 19th century khanates in azerbaijan	18th to early 19th century khanates in transcaucasia
anne meara ( 1929) american comedienne and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller (lapsed roman catholic)	anne meara ( 1929) american comedian and actress, partner and wife of jerry stiller (lapsed roman catholic)
alasho is the enigmatic tuareg blue indigo veil or turban.	alasho is the tuareg blue indigo veil or turban.
"this includes the united states' largest trading partner, with ""most favored nation"" status, the people's republic of china, a communist dictatorship ."	"this includes the united states' largest trading partner, with ""most favored nation"" status, the people's republic of china, a communist nation which most in the west feel to have an unfree and abusive government ."
anatoly timofeevich fomenko (born 13 march 1945) is a prominent ukrainian-russian mathematician, professor of moscow state university, well-known as a topologist, and a full member of the russian academy of sciences.	anatoly timofeevich fomenko (born 13 march 1945) is a ukrainian-russian mathematician, professor of moscow state university, well-known as a topologist, and a full member of the russian academy of sciences.
instead, a dark raw sugar or muscovado, produced on the plantations by initial boilings of the fresh cane juice, was shipped in hogsheads to europe on what was the third leg of the infamous triangular trade.	instead, a dark raw sugar or muscovado, produced on the plantations by initial boilings of the fresh cane juice, was shipped in hogsheads to europe on what was the third leg of the triangular trade.
lee flexing (1972), frontbruce lee cared deeply about his physical fitness and he became famous for his excellent physical condition despite his small stature.	lee flexing (1972), frontbruce lee cared deeply about his physical fitness and he became famous for his physical condition despite his small stature.
draining of the mesopotamian marshes - a similarly catastrophic water diversion project in iraq	draining of the mesopotamian marshes - a similarly water diversion project in iraq
unfortunately , development of second life increased as developer interest in opensimulator declined and interoperability with second life is no longer a design goal as of oscc2015.	however , development of second life increased as developer interest in opensimulator declined and interoperability with second life is no longer a design goal as of oscc2015.
in 2006, at the age of 30, he won his 11th professional major golf championship, placing him in a tie for third on the all-time list (no other active golfer is even on the top 10 list).	in 2006, at the age of 30, he won his 11th professional major golf championship, placing him in a tie for third on the all-time list (no other active golfer is on the top 10 list).
she is probably best-known for her brilliant performance as jill bennett on knots landing (she played the role from 1985 to 1989).	she is probably best-known for her performance as jill bennett on knots landing (she played the role from 1985 to 1989).
the poodle is a very active, intelligent and elegant dog, squarely built, and well proportioned.	the poodle is a an active, intelligent and elegant dog, squarely built, and well proportioned.
mold has two successful secondary schools that serve the town and the surrounding villages.	mold has two secondary schools that serve the town and the surrounding villages.
"muhammad, the prophet of god , handed the key to bani shaiba in the year of the conquest of makkah al-mukarramah, and said, ""take it, o bani talha, eternally up to the day of resurrection, and it will not be taken from you unless by an unjust, oppressive tyrant"""	"muhammad, the prophet of islam , handed the key to bani shaiba in the year of the conquest of makkah al-mukarramah, and said, ""take it, o bani talha, eternally up to the day of resurrection, and it will not be taken from you unless by an unjust, oppressive tyrant"""
after the activation of article 50 of the lisbon treaty, the uk is set to leave the eu on friday 29th march 2019. the future relationship between the uk and eu is under negotiation, although there are still attempts to foil the uk's departure from the eu.	after the activation of article 50 of the lisbon treaty, the uk is set to leave the eu on friday 29th march 2019. the future relationship between the uk and eu is under negotiation, although there are still attempts to prevent the uk's departure from the eu.
jehovahs witnesses are an international christian religious group that rejects much of modern mainstream christianity in favor of what they believe is a restored form of first century christianity.	jehovahs witnesses are an international religious group that rejects much of modern mainstream christianity in favor of what they believe is a restored form of first century christianity.
pedro guzman (also peter guzman) is a united states citizen who was mistakenly and illegally deported to mexico by the immigrations and customs enforcement agency (ice).	pedro guzman (also peter guzman) is a united states citizen who was erroneously and illegally deported to mexico by the immigrations and customs enforcement agency (ice).
the group's name is derived from the disputed claim that only three percent of the population of the thirteen colonies fought against the kingdom of great britain during the american revolution.	the group's name is derived from the claim that only three percent of the population of the thirteen colonies fought against the kingdom of great britain during the american revolution.
injuries and a single fatality have been caused by doors closing on passengers or their belongings; attendants are employed at platforms to prevent such tragedies .	injuries and a single fatality have been caused by doors closing on passengers or their belongings; attendants are employed at platforms to prevent such accidents .
"time magazine reported that this tax-credit scheme was ""a multibillion-dollar scam."""	"time magazine suggested that this tax-credit scheme was ""a multibillion-dollar scam."""
federal elections were held in switzerland on 19 october 2003. although in switzerland's peculiar political system, in which all four major parties form a coalition, it is very difficult to achieve a change of government, this election produced an upset with the strong showing of the right-wing, anti-european union and anti-immigration swiss people's party.	federal elections were held in switzerland on 19 october 2003. although in switzerland's political system, in which all four major parties form a coalition, it is very difficult to achieve a change of government, this election produced an upset with the strong showing of the right-wing, anti-european union and anti-immigration swiss people's party.
"the term ""jihad"" is often associated with the phrase ""holy war"", however, this ""physical"" struggle, which encompasses warfare, only makes up part of overall meaning of jihad."	"the term ""jihad"" is often associated with the phrase ""holy war"", however, this ""physical"" struggle, which encompasses warfare, makes up part of overall meaning of jihad ."
the first was held in london in 1998 and was successfully passed.	the first was held in london in 1998 and was passed.
egyptian hieroglyphs (often incorrectly called hieroglyphics) was a writing system used by the ancient egyptians that contained a combination of logographic and alphabetic elements.	egyptian hieroglyphs (often called hieroglyphics) was a writing system used by the ancient egyptians that contained a combination of logographic and alphabetic elements.
on series seventeen, episode 5 of popular bbc tv show top gear, alesi helped current host jeremy clarkson to test drive one of the t125 single seaters.	on series seventeen, episode 5 of bbc tv show top gear , alesi helped current host jeremy clarkson to test drive one of the t125 single seaters.
content's security or pirating issues	content's security or copyright infringement issues
the pretext for sharon's visit of the mosque compound was to check complaints by israeli archeologists that muslim religious authorities had vandalized archeological remains beneath the surface of the mount during the conversion of the presumed solomon's stables area into a mosque.	the purpose for sharon's visit of the mosque compound was to check complaints by israeli archeologists that muslim religious authorities had vandalized archeological remains beneath the surface of the mount during the conversion of the presumed solomon's stables area into a mosque.
torrance is the proud home of chinese american figure skater michelle kwan.	torrance is the home of chinese american figure skater michelle kwan.
yoo has also worked as a visiting scholar at the neoconservative think tank american enterprise institute since 2003.	yoo has also worked as a visiting scholar at the conservative think tank american enterprise institute since 2003.
unfortunately she lost to olympia dukakis.	however, she lost to olympia dukakis.
there is a very high degree of risk for major infectious diseases, including bacterial and protozoal diarrhea, hepatitis a, typhoid fever, malaria, plague, schistosomiasis and rabies.	there is a high degree of risk for major infectious diseases, including bacterial and protozoal diarrhea, hepatitis a, typhoid fever, malaria, plague, schistosomiasis and rabies.
writing before the advent of the term 'homosexuality', fourier recognised that both men and women have a wide range of sexual needs and preferences which may change throughout their lives, including same-sex sexuality and andrognit.	writing before the advent of the term 'homosexuality', fourier held that both men and women have a wide range of sexual needs and preferences which may change throughout their lives, including same-sex sexuality and andrognit.
the led gauge has a design issue on these disks.	the led gauge has a design fault on these disks.
cohen's sound had started to evolve on his last album various positions but it is more successfully realized on this lp.	cohen's sound had started to evolve on his last album various positions but it is more fully realized on this lp.
sander's paper on mismatching has been refuted by several law professors, including ian ayres and richard brooks from yale who use sander's data to show that eliminating affirmative action would actually reduce the number of black lawyers by 12.7%.	sander's paper on mismatching has been criticized by several law professors, including ian ayres and richard brooks from yale who use sander's data to show that eliminating affirmative action would actually reduce the number of black lawyers by 12.7%.
in october 1977, one of his two daughters died; a few weeks later, a beloved granddaughter was killed in a car accident.	in october 1977, one of his two daughters died; a few weeks later, a granddaughter was killed in a car accident.
"after the game, larry bird observed that it was ""god disguised as michael jordan""."	"after the game, larry bird commented that it was ""god disguised as michael jordan""."
after she was brutally thrown out of a competition in france in 1950 she returned to friesland.	after she was thrown out of a competition in france in 1950 she returned to friesland.
martin's epic fantasy series a song of ice and fire	martin's fantasy series a song of ice and fire
union pacific built a $90 million state-of-the-art intermodal terminal in san antonio, texas in 2009.	union pacific built a $90 million intermodal terminal in san antonio, texas in 2009.
it was a unique encounter in that it was almost the mirror opposite of the epic 2012 australian open final they contested where djokovic was leading nadal 21 sets and was 2 points away from victory in the 4th set only for nadal to come back and win the 4th set in a tiebreaker and go up a break in the 5th set.	it was a unique encounter in that it was almost the mirror opposite of the almost six-hour 2012 australian open final they contested where djokovic was leading nadal 21 sets and was 2 points away from victory in the 4th set only for nadal to come back and win the 4th set in a tiebreaker and go up a break in the 5th set.
like hypatia, she is said to have been highly learned (in philosophy and theology), very beautiful, sexually pure, and to have been brutally murdered for publicly stating her beliefs; conveniently 105 years before hypatia's death (although first records mentioning her, or one of her variants, date much later).	like hypatia, she is said to have been highly learned (in philosophy and theology), very beautiful, sexually pure, and to have been brutally murdered for publicly stating her beliefs; 105 years before hypatia's death (although first records mentioning her, or one of her variants, date much later).
"the term ""spectral music"" was coined by hugues dufourt in an article published in 1979. dufourt, a trained philosopher as well as eminent composer, was the author of several interesting flagship articles associated with this movement, although the relationship of his own music to this trend has remained ambiguous."	"the term ""spectral music"" was coined by hugues dufourt in an article published in 1979. dufourt, a trained philosopher as well as composer, was the author of several interesting flagship articles associated with this movement, although the relationship of his own music to this trend has remained ambiguous."
"fcc v. fox television stations is an ongoing legal case in which the united states supreme court must decide whether the federal communications commission has the power to ban ""fleeting expletives"" on television broadcasts."	"fcc v. fox television stations is an ongoing legal case in which the united states supreme court will decide whether the federal communications commission has the power to ban ""fleeting expletives"" on television broadcasts."
hazel hobbs is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kika mirylees.	hazel hobbs is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kika mirylees.
medford is home to some of new england's best bakeries and italian food.	medford is home to some of new england's most well known bakeries and italian food.
cherie blair (or cherie booth qc) was born in bury, greater manchester, england, on september 23, 1954. she is a successful human rights lawyer and is also the wife of tony blair, the present british prime minister.	cherie blair (or cherie booth qc) was born in bury, greater manchester, england, on september 23, 1954. she is a human rights lawyer and is also the wife of tony blair, the present british prime minister.
govardhanram tripathi is the greatest novel writer of the gujarati literature.	govardhanram tripathi is the a novel writer of the gujarati literature.
he was murdered along with his wife talya in a random palestinian terrorist ambush on december 31, 2000, as they were driving with their children from jerusalem to their home in the israeli settlement town of kfar tapuach in samaria, ( israel ) during the second al-aqsa intifada.	he was murdered along with his wife talya in a random palestinian terrorist ambush on december 31, 2000, as they were driving with their children from jerusalem to their home in the israeli settlement town of kfar tapuach in samaria, ( west bank ) during the second al-aqsa intifada.
as of 2006, she is a member of the editorial board of the washington post and an adjunct fellow at the neoconservative american enterprise institute.	as of 2006, she is a member of the editorial board of the washington post and an adjunct fellow at the american enterprise institute.
"full of the brothers' pop culture obsessions, born innocent featured odes to linda blair (who starred in a television movie of the same name), a cover of ""look on up"" by the carrie nations from beyond the valley of the dolls, and charles manson (whose song cease to exist they covered)."	"full of the brothers' pop culture obsessions, born innocent featured odes to linda blair (who starred in a television movie of the same name), a cover of ""look on up from the bottom "" by the carrie nations from beyond the valley of the dolls, and charles manson (whose song cease to exist they covered)."
"speaking in a rally at the yad eliyahu arena, rabbi elazar shach, degel hatorah's spiritual leader, called on his public not to tolerate a coalition with the faithless , kashrut-violating left, ""eaters of hares and swine""."	"speaking in a rally at the yad eliyahu arena, rabbi elazar shach, degel hatorah's spiritual leader, called on his public not to tolerate a coalition with the secular , kashrut-violating left, ""eaters of hares and swine""."
johnny a. is a virtuoso guitarist, born in malden, massachusetts.	johnny a. is a guitarist, born in malden, massachusetts.
some have argued that the lds church leadership does not openly discuss the historical evidences of adam-god being taught because it undermines their claim that the president of the church will never be allowed by god to lead the church astray.	some have argued that the lds church leadership does not openly discuss the historical evidences of adam-god being taught because it may undermine their claim that the president of the church will never be allowed by god to lead the church astray.
some popular resorts include les sables-d'olonne, la tranche-sur-mer and saint-jean-de-monts.	some resorts include les sables-d'olonne, la tranche-sur-mer and saint-jean-de-monts.
for a non-relational approach, see tsql2.	for a different approach, see tsql2.
in karachi terrorists shot dead agha abbas, owner of famous fruit juice outlet agha juice.	in karachi terrorists shot dead agha abbas, owner of fruit juice outlet agha juice.
mike gordon and jeff holdsworth of the legendary rock band phish.	mike gordon and jeff holdsworth of the rock band phish.
after 64 percent of swiss voters accepted the alptransit project in a 1992 referendum, construction of the tunnel began in 1996. boring operations in the east tunnel were completed on 15 october 2010 in a cut-through ceremony broadcast live on swiss tv.	after 64 percent of swiss voters accepted the alptransit project in a 1992 referendum, construction of the tunnel began in 1996. operations in the east tunnel were completed on 15 october 2010 in a cut-through ceremony broadcast live on swiss tv.
in the spring of 231, zhuge liang finally met his sly nemesis, sima yi (the newly appointed wei commander), at the battle of mount qi, the most vehement campaign of the 5 expeditions in terms of death toll.	in the spring of 231, zhuge liang finally met his nemesis, sima yi (the newly appointed wei commander), at the battle of mount qi, the most vehement campaign of the 5 expeditions in terms of death toll.
"in the tathagatagarbha sutra, the buddha tells of how, with his buddha-eye, he can actually see this hidden ""jewel"" within each and every being: ""hidden within the kleas mental contaminants of greed, desire, anger, and stupidity, there is seated augustly and unmovingly the tathagata's buddha's wisdom, the tathagata's vision, and the tathagata's body ... all beings, though they find themselves with all sorts of kleas, have a tathagatagarbha that is eternally unsullied, and replete with virtues no different from my own""."	"in the tathagatagarbha sutra, the buddha is potrayed telling of how, with his buddha-eye, he can actually see this hidden ""jewel"" within each and every being: ""hidden within the kleas mental contaminants of greed, desire, anger, and stupidity, there is seated augustly and unmovingly the tathagata's buddha's wisdom, the tathagata's vision, and the tathagata's body ... all beings, though they find themselves with all sorts of kleas, have a tathagatagarbha that is eternally unsullied, and replete with virtues no different from my own""."
scottish independence is an ambition of numerous political parties, pressure groups and individuals within scotland.	scottish independence is an ambition of a number of political parties, pressure groups and individuals within scotland.
the christ-myth theory was refuted in the second edition of albert schweitzer's book the quest of the historical jesus.	the christ-myth theory was rejected in the second edition of albert schweitzer's book the quest of the historical jesus.
tailspin was a cute tv serial which was telecasted 7-8 years before on indian television.	tailspin was a tv serial which was telecasted 7-8 years before on indian television.
this set off a mass exodus of cuban exiles to south florida, drastically increasing church membership in the region.	this set off a mass exodus of cuban exiles to south florida, increasing church membership in the region.
vodka chugger (international) a russian or someone of russian descent, because vodka is their traditional drink.	vodka chugger (international) a russian or someone of russian descent, because vodka is considered to be russian traditional drink.
the term is sometimes used more loosely (and with a less pejorative overtone) to refer to small countries whose foreign policy is aligned with a larger power: the so-called anglosphere is a good example.	the term is sometimes used more loosely (and with a less pejorative overtone) to refer to small countries whose foreign policy is aligned with a larger power: the anglosphere is a good example.
of those, 3,496 (64.3%) are registered democrats, 391 (7.2%) are registered republicans, 1,145 (21.0%) have declined to state a political party, 257 (4.7) are registered with the left-wing green party, and 152 are registered with other parties.	of those, 3,496 (64.3%) are registered democrats, 391 (7.2%) are registered republicans, 1,145 (21.0%) have declined to state a political party, 257 (4.7) are registered with the green party, and 152 are registered with other parties.
"james louis ""jimmy"" blythe (may 20, 1901 june 14, 1931) was an influential american jazz and boogie-woogie pianist and composer."	"james louis ""jimmy"" blythe (may 20, 1901 june 14, 1931) was an american jazz and boogie-woogie pianist and composer."
anaxandridas ii was a king of sparta between 560 and 525 bc, father of famous leonidas i and grandfather of pleistarchus.	anaxandridas ii was a king of sparta between 560 and 525 bc, father of leonidas i and grandfather of pleistarchus.
he is currently married to comedienne daphne brogdon, of the food networks daphne dishes, and they have two children.	he is currently married to comedian daphne brogdon, of the food networks daphne dishes, and they have two children.
some of the sikhs who had settled in eastern africa were expelled by ugandan dictator idi amin in 1972. sikhs are primarily an agrarian community and with the pressures of having only a limited amount of land, high birth rates and the desire to make a better living, the male offspring of sikh farmers were encouraged to migrate to foreign countries.	some of the sikhs who had settled in eastern africa were expelled by ugandan leader idi amin in 1972. sikhs are primarily an agrarian community and with the pressures of having only a limited amount of land, high birth rates and the desire to make a better living, the male offspring of sikh farmers were encouraged to migrate to foreign countries.
while hiding in the safety of their homeland swamps, the indians of robeson county operated as guerillas for the union, sabotaged the efforts of the confederacy, and sought retribution against their intolerant white supremacist neighbors.	while hiding in the safety of their homeland swamps, the indians of robeson county operated as guerillas for the union, sabotaged the efforts of the confederacy, and sought retribution against their intolerant white neighbors.
more recently, an open-source version has been developed for gnu/ linux.	more recently, an open-source version has been developed for linux.
despite smith's statement that he was warned by the lord not to do it, smith reluctantly loaned the pages to harris after martin's vehement insistence.	despite smith's statement that he was warned by the lord not to do it, smith reluctantly loaned the pages to harris after martin's insistence.
if these ais then create even smarter ai's technological change will accelerate in ways that are impossible for us to foresee.	if these ais then create even smarter ai's technological change could accelerate in ways that are impossible for us to foresee.
3 september marie dubas, music-hall singer and comedienne (died 1972)	3 september marie dubas, music-hall singer and comedian (died 1972)
wazeba (early 4th century) was a jewish king of axum in northeast africa.	wazeba (early 4th century) was a king of axum in northeast africa.
refuting mormonism - biblical arguments and scripture to refute the false claims of mormonism.	refuting mormonism - biblical arguments and scripture to refute the claims of mormonism.
in april 1997, he underwent an operation to correct a congenital heart valve defect.	in april 1997, he underwent an operation to correct a heart valve defect.
after nearly hitting him, andrzej sarcastically invites the young man to pick his seat and to take a nap while they continue driving.	after nearly hitting him, andrzej invites the young man to pick his seat and to take a nap while they continue driving.
in 2009 factor 5 encountered substantial funding problems and stopped operation after laying off employees without back pay for two months of work.	in 2009 factor 5 encountered funding problems and stopped operation after laying off employees without back pay for two months of work.
"an independantist ""elsass-lothringen"" video"	"an independentist ""elsass-lothringen"" video"
having spent the next few years playing in different bands, sampedro joined crazy horse in 1975 to record zuma, after being introduced to the band by his friend billy talbot around 1972, following the tragic death of guitarist danny whitten.	having spent the next few years playing in different bands, sampedro joined crazy horse in 1975 to record zuma, after being introduced to the band by his friend billy talbot around 1972, following the death of guitarist danny whitten.
the fordyce creek trail is a rock crawling destination in california just west of the infamous rubicon trail.	the fordyce creek trail is a rock crawling destination in california just west of the rubicon trail.
uphughie lehman only won three out of the 21 games he coached.	uphughie lehman won three out of the 21 games he coached.
liberals, on the other hand, enjoy exposing limbaugh's own fallacies, misstatements, and bias.	liberals, on the other hand, enjoy trying to expose limbaugh's own fallacies, misstatements, and bias.
asp perspective of the american family association, opposed to enda	htm perspective of the american family association, opposed to enda
in the years after reunification heym was extremely critical of what he saw as the discrimination against east germans in their integration into the federal republic, and argued for a socialist alternative to the capitalism of the reunited germany.	in the years after reunification heym was critical of what he saw as the discrimination against east germans in their integration into the federal republic, and argued for a socialist alternative to the capitalism of the reunited germany.
one approach involves relaying the puzzles to a sweatshop of human operators who can solve captchas.	one approach involves relaying the puzzles to a group of human operators who can solve captchas.
although his ideas are not yet accepted by mainstream egyptologists, in december 2006 michel barsoum, adrish ganguly, and gilles hug published a peer-reviewed paper in the journal of the american ceramic society stating that parts of the pyramid were cast with a type of limestone concrete.	although his ideas are not accepted by mainstream egyptologists, in december 2006 michel barsoum, adrish ganguly, and gilles hug published a peer-reviewed paper in the journal of the american ceramic society stating that parts of the pyramid were cast with a type of limestone concrete.
in 2004, after she had left the missouri general assembly, hartzler served as state spokeswoman for the anti-gay coalition to protect marriage, which supported barring gay people from entering civil marriage contracts.	in 2004, after she had left the missouri general assembly, hartzler served as state spokeswoman for the coalition to protect marriage, which supported barring gay people from entering civil marriage contracts.
the a-list cast includes paul giamatti as ben bernanke, william hurt as hank paulson, billy crudup as timothy geithner, dan hedaya as barney frank, as well as topher grace as jim wilkinson (former u.s. government employee).	the cast includes paul giamatti as ben bernanke, william hurt as hank paulson, billy crudup as timothy geithner, dan hedaya as barney frank, as well as topher grace as jim wilkinson (former u.s. government employee).
the malaysian national service,the creative brainchild of najib razak, has been beset by problems since its inception.	the malaysian national service,the brainchild of najib razak, has been beset by problems since its inception.
finally, because the deck is widely sold in joke and novelty shops, many laymen are familiar with it.	finally, because the deck is widely sold in joke and novelty shops, many laypeople are familiar with it.
gracie was a successful comedienne , entertainer, entrepreneur and activist.	gracie was a successful comedian , entertainer, entrepreneur and activist.
during his time on generation x, bachalos artwork underwent a detrimental change.	during his time on generation x, bachalos artwork underwent a change.
the inner surface is smooth, hairless skin, which resembles a mucous membrane, and is usually only visible when the inner and outer labia are drawn apart; however, in many women, the labia minora extend well below the labia majora.	the inner surface is smooth, hairless skin, which resembles a mucous membrane, and is sometimes only visible when the inner and outer labia are drawn apart; however, in many women, the labia minora extend well below the labia majora.
despite good performances in the green and white, dublin was released by enigmatic manager gordon strachan.	despite good performances in the green and white, dublin was released by manager gordon strachan.
duane gill, best known as the goldberg wanna-be gillberg, is a former wwf light heavyweight champion, holding the belt for 15 months.	duane gill, best known as the goldberg imitator gillberg, is a former wwf light heavyweight champion, holding the belt for 15 months.
a video published by b'tselem, showing an idf soldier calmly approaching the supine al-sharif and shooting him in the head from less than two metres, went viral on israeli social media, sparking controversy.	a video published by b'tselem, showing an idf soldier approaching the supine al-sharif and shooting him in the head from less than two metres, went viral on israeli social media, sparking controversy.
in the weeks leading up to the event, he provides some callers with tickets to the concert, which features exclusively conservative speakers and guests.	in the weeks leading up to the event, he provides some callers with tickets to the concert, which features conservative speakers and guests.
pitching in his thirteenth season, he has accumulated only 19 shutouts, which ranks him as tied for 288th among the all-time leaders in shutouts.	pitching in his thirteenth season, he has accumulated 19 shutouts, which ranks him as tied for 288th among the all-time leaders in shutouts.
shelley's mainstream following did not develop until a generation after his passing , unlike lord byron, who was popular among all classes during his lifetime despite his radical views.	shelley's mainstream following did not develop until a generation after his death , unlike lord byron, who was popular among all classes during his lifetime despite his radical views.
in the upcoming 2018 election, there are several democratic candidates vying for the party nomination to challenge lance, including former assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights, and labor tom malinowski, lance's 2016 general election opponent and social worker peter jacob, popular local activist david pringle, attorney scott salmon, business executive linda weber, and others.	in the upcoming 2018 election, there are several democratic candidates vying for the party nomination to challenge lance, including former assistant secretary of state for democracy, human rights, and labor tom malinowski, lance's 2016 general election opponent and social worker peter jacob, local activist david pringle, attorney scott salmon, business executive linda weber, and others.
display: protected high-definition digital content, such as next-generation hd dvd movies, is intentionally displayed fuzzy unless viewed on a high-bandwidth digital content protection (hdcp)-compatible monitor.	display: copy-restricted high-definition digital content, such as next-generation hd dvd movies, is intentionally displayed fuzzy unless viewed on a high-bandwidth digital content protection (hdcp)-compatible monitor.
reginald 'rex' colin townley (15 april 19043 may 1982) was an australian politician who served as leader of the liberal party in tasmania from 1950 to 1956. he also played first-class cricket for the tasmanian cricket team in his younger years, famously dismissing sir donald bradman in the 1935 season.	reginald 'rex' colin townley (15 april 19043 may 1982) was an australian politician who served as leader of the liberal party in tasmania from 1950 to 1956. he also played first-class cricket for the tasmanian cricket team in his younger years, dismissing sir donald bradman in the 1935 season.
the prestigious valley forge military academy also resides in wayne.	the valley forge military academy also resides in wayne.
this interpretation is now generally rejected by mainstream mormons, as in 1978 the prophet of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, spencer w. kimball, received a revelation from god allowing all worthy male members (thus including those of colored skin) of the church to receive the blessings of the priesthood.	this interpretation is now generally rejected by mainstream mormons, as in 1978 the prophet of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, spencer w. kimball, reported receiving a revelation from god allowing all worthy male members (thus including those of colored skin) of the church to receive the blessings of the priesthood.
"the criticism was rebuffed by dr. amy lanou, an expert witness for the prosecution in one of the cases: ""some are even misusing the tragic and confusing case to question the ethics and adequacy of vegan nutrition during pregnancy, lactation, infancy and childhood...yet one thing about crown's death is very clear."	"the criticism was addressed by dr. amy lanou, an expert witness for the prosecution in one of the cases: ""some are even misusing the tragic and confusing case to question the ethics and adequacy of vegan nutrition during pregnancy, lactation, infancy and childhood...yet one thing about crown's death is very clear."
this can be anything from a 35-foot boat with a husband-and-wife team serving as captain and chef to a 300-foot boat with a squad of 30 or more crew members including stewardesses, engineers, mates, deckhands, scuba dive masters, and the like.	this can be anything from a 35-foot boat with a two person team serving as captain and chef to a 300-foot boat with a squad of 30 or more crew members including stewardesses, engineers, mates, deckhands, scuba dive masters, and the like.
great state of origin games	notable state of origin games
despite the fact that kerry was a decorated naval officer in the vietnam war, polls showed that bush had convinced the people he and his administration would be better able to protect the nation from another terrorist attack.	despite the fact that kerry was a naval officer in the vietnam war, polls showed that bush had convinced the people he and his administration would be better able to protect the nation from another terrorist attack.
mobutu sese seko nkuku ngbendu wa za banga (october 14, 1930 – september 7, 1997), known commonly as mobutu, or joseph mobutu-sese seko, born joseph-dsir mobutu, was the dictator of zaire (now the democratic republic of the congo) for 32 years (1965–1997), in which he rose to power after deposing joseph kasa-vubu.	mobutu sese seko nkuku ngbendu wa za banga (october 14, 1930 – september 7, 1997), known commonly as mobutu, or joseph mobutu-sese seko, born joseph-dsir mobutu, was the president of zaire (now the democratic republic of the congo) for 32 years (1965–1997), in which he rose to power after deposing joseph kasa-vubu.
it must be positive as there is a chance you will gain $1; it should be less than $1 as that is the maximum expected payoff.	it must be positive as there is a chance you will gain $1; it should be less than $1 as that is the maximum possible payoff.
carly wicks (previously pappas) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kellie shirley, and by michaela stephen in a home movie the wickses watched on 23 april 2007.	carly wicks (previously pappas) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by kellie shirley, and by michaela stephen in a home movie the wickses watched on 23 april 2007.
in 2001, she released a stripped down acoustic album called fan dance, which featured some of the best songwriting of phillips' career.	in 2001, she released a stripped down acoustic album called fan dance, which featured some of the most critically acclaimed songwriting of phillips' career.
kashmiri hailed from the kotli district or mirpur district of azad kashmir in pakistan- occupied kashmir.	kashmiri hailed from the kotli district or mirpur district of azad kashmir in pakistan- administered kashmir.
the party's current federal parliamentary leader is kevin rudd and will become prime minister of australia should labor gain 16 additional seats to form government at the 2007 federal election.	the party's current federal parliamentary leader is kevin rudd and may become prime minister of australia should labor gain 16 additional seats to form government at the 2007 federal election.
nhl players are now required to enroll in a diversity brainwashing seminar before each season, and racially based verbal abuse is punished through suspensions and fines.	nhl players are now required to enroll in a diversity training seminar before each season, and racially based verbal abuse is punished through suspensions and fines.
maria pryimachenko (1908–1997) was a renowned ukrainian village folk art painter, representative of nave art.	maria pryimachenko (1908–1997) was a ukrainian village folk art painter, representative of nave art.
the advent of polyclinics, as detailed in professor lord darzi's report into the future of the nhs in london, led some in the medical profession to fear that the department of health wanted to introduce privatisation into primary care services.	the advent of polyclinics, as detailed in professor lord darzi's report into the future of the nhs in london, led some in the medical profession to suspect that the department of health wanted to introduce privatisation into primary care services.
located 600 m above sea level, the chateau offers a breathtaking view of ajaccio up to the entrance of the gulf of porto over the surrounding mountains and over monte cinto, the highest mountain in corsica (2706 m).	located 600 m above sea level, the chateau offers a panoramic view of ajaccio up to the entrance of the gulf of porto over the surrounding mountains and over monte cinto, the highest mountain in corsica (2706 m).
"after jesus had been baptized and rose from the water, mark claims jesus ""saw the heavens torn apart and the spirit descending like a dove on him."	"after jesus had been baptized and rose from the water, mark states jesus ""saw the heavens torn apart and the spirit descending like a dove on him."
"in 1970 us television, a comedic parody aired on the popular television sitcom ""bewitched""."	"in 1970 us television, a comedic parody aired on the television sitcom ""bewitched""."
some take it to mean that we thank christ (of the cross) for all of our blessings.	some take it to mean that we thank christ (of the cross) for all of their blessings.
strummer and the band signed with mercury records, and issued a stunning album in 1999, which was co-written with anthony genn, called rock art and the x-ray style.	strummer and the band signed with mercury records, and issued a their first album in 1999, which was co-written with anthony genn, called rock art and the x-ray style.
contrary to the claims by extrem animal rights groups (such as peta or hsus), the flank strap does not touch the horses' genitals (which are located beneath the tail on females and between the hind legs on males).	contrary to the claims by animal rights groups (such as peta or hsus), the flank strap does not touch the horses' genitals (which are located beneath the tail on females and between the hind legs on males).
"talbot is a durable leading lady who spent the first decade or so of her career playing ""slick chicks"" and sharp-witted career girls, but is perhaps best known for her role as the white russian spy in the 1960s sitcom, hogan's heroes, as well as sheila fine in the sitcom, soap."	"talbot is a leading lady who spent the first decade or so of her career playing ""slick chicks"" and sharp-witted career girls, but is perhaps best known for her role as the white russian spy in the 1960s sitcom, hogan's heroes, as well as sheila fine in the sitcom, soap."
cnn-ibn is a left-wing english language indian tv news channel.	cnn-ibn is a english language indian tv news channel.
gaston argues that there are strong reasons to doubt the identification of danel with the danel of ezekiel.	gaston argues that there are reasons to doubt the identification of danel with the danel of ezekiel.
there was even criticism of nbc's decision to tape-delay its broadcast of the opening and closing ceremonies and not make a live version available even to cable and web users.	there was also criticism of nbc's decision to tape-delay its broadcast of the opening and closing ceremonies and not make a live version available even to cable and web users.
the well-known public cable network, c-span documented the event on video.	the public cable network, c-span documented the event on video.
it is primarily concentrated in the intermountain west, but as membership of the church spreads around the world, many of its more distinctive practices follow, such as adhering to the word of wisdom, a revealed health law or code, similar to leviticus chapter 11 in the bible, prohibiting the consumption of tobacco, alcohol, coffee and tea, and other addictive substances.	it is primarily concentrated in the intermountain west, but as membership of the church spreads around the world, many of its more distinctive practices follow, such as adhering to the word of wisdom, a health law or code, similar to leviticus chapter 11 in the bible, prohibiting the consumption of tobacco, alcohol, coffee and tea, and other addictive substances.
during the meiji restoration, the tokugawa shogunate realized there was a need to prepare northern defenses against possible russian invasion and took over most control of ezochi.	during the meiji restoration, the tokugawa shogunate realized there was a need to prepare northern defenses against possible russian millitary activity and took over most control of ezochi.
the sinte have produced a great number of renowned musicians, such as legendary jazz guitarist django reinhardt.	the sinte have produced a great number of renowned musicians, such as jazz guitarist django reinhardt.
initial neutrality from (19391941)	initial neutrality (19391941)
sports illustrated piece after his passing	sports illustrated piece after his death
michael moore (born on friday, april 23, 1954 in davison, michigan) is a ultra- liberal american film director and author known for his advocacy of his social democratic political views, laced with satire and humor.	michael moore (born on friday, april 23, 1954 in davison, michigan) is a liberal american film director and author known for his advocacy of his social democratic political views, laced with satire and humor.
it is safer in modern reproductions of this experiment to use a pyrex tube or, better still, one made of metal.	it is safer in modern reproductions of this experiment to use a borosilicate glass tube or, better still, one made of metal.
this difference may well be at the root of the archaic conception that women chatter and talk too much, and may still trigger the same thinking in some males.	this difference may well be at the root of the conception that women chatter and talk too much, and may still trigger the same thinking in some males.
the nation and the washington post have identified him as the primary source of lies that presumptive democratic presidential nominee barack obama is a closet muslim.	the nation and the washington post have identified him as the primary source of rumors that presumptive democratic presidential nominee barack obama is a closet muslim.
kiara's father is a sindhi hindu, while her mother, raised a catholic, is the daughter of hameed jaffrey, a muslim gentleman , by his first wife valerie salway, a woman of scottish, irish, portuguese and spanish ancestry.	kiara's father is a sindhi hindu, while her mother, raised a catholic, is the daughter of hameed jaffrey, a muslim, by his first wife valerie salway, a woman of scottish, irish, portuguese and spanish ancestry.
"metamaterials (from the greek word ""meta-"", - meaning ""to go beyond"") are smart materials engineered to have properties that have not yet been found in nature."	"metamaterials (from the greek word ""meta-"", - meaning ""to go beyond"") are materials engineered to have properties that have not yet been found in nature."
slovakization is a term used to describe the cultural change in which non-slovak minorities are rapidly assimilated by the slovak majority.	slovakization is a term used to describe the cultural change in which non-slovak minorities are assimilated by the slovak majority.
reid later apologized for these poorly-considered comments.	reid later apologized for these comments.
internazionale beat lazio comfortably with 3 goals to win the uefa cup.	internazionale beat lazio with 3 goals to win the uefa cup.
despite the widespread media attention on this incident, she remained popular in her home riding.	after the widespread media attention on this incident, she remained popular in her home riding.
other scholars argue that his short stories (e.g., the wife of his youth) are examples of complicated american realism.	other scholars argue that his short stories (e.g., the wife of his youth) are examples of american realism .
teller died in stanford, california on september 9 2003. in 1986, he was awarded the prestigious united states military academy's sylvanus thayer award.	teller died in stanford, california on september 9 2003. in 1986, he was awarded the united states military academy's sylvanus thayer award.
having earned the unwanted distinction of becoming the first team to lose four consecutive championship deciders in 2004, thurles sarsfields bounced back to contest the final again in 2005. a 1-17 to 0-15 defeat of a samus butler-inspired drom-inch gave sarsfields their first title in thirty-one years while corbett also collected a coveted championship medal.	having earned the unwanted distinction of becoming the first team to lose four consecutive championship deciders in 2004, thurles sarsfields bounced back to contest the final again in 2005. a 1-17 to 0-15 defeat of a samus butler-inspired drom-inch gave sarsfields their first title in thirty-one years while corbett also collected a tipperary senior hurling championship medal.
bournemouth is a dump on the south coast of england.	bournemouth is a seaside resort on the south coast of england.
cynics commented that new delhi was suffering from power shortages at the time and that the street lights were often turned off at night - but that when the police needed to investigate something (such as an attack by a half-man, half-monkey creature) they made sure that the street lights were turned on.	skeptics commented that new delhi was suffering from power shortages at the time and that the street lights were often turned off at night - but that when the police needed to investigate something (such as an attack by a half-man, half-monkey creature) they made sure that the street lights were turned on.
"detainees who were determined to have been properly classified as ""enemy combatants"" were scheduled to have their dossier reviewed at annual administrative review board hearings."	"detainees who were determined to have been classified as ""enemy combatants"" were scheduled to have their dossier reviewed at annual administrative review board hearings."
also included are an island piece, a set of rules, a crew/treasure card which may include gold chips, and a ridiculously minuscule die.	also included are an island piece, a set of rules, a crew/treasure card which may include gold chips, and a minuscule die.
jean else (born 1951), formerly styled dame jean else, dbe, between 2000 and 2011, is an english former educator/headteacher, who garnered acclaim and notoriety over the course of her long teaching career.	jean else (born 1951), formerly dame jean else, dbe, between 2000 and 2011, is an english former educator/headteacher, who garnered acclaim and notoriety over the course of her long teaching career.
the town even has its own air unit vehicle to help firefighters refill their air cylinders while at prolonged incidents.	the town also has its own air unit vehicle to help firefighters refill their air cylinders while at prolonged incidents.
similar clustering occurs with related variables, such as school achievement, reaction time, and brain size.	similar clustering has been reported with related variables, such as school achievement, reaction time, and brain size.
because the bible was the first english book to be read by large numbers of people, its spelling errors had a disastrous effect on english spelling.	because the bible was the first english book to be read by large numbers of people, its spelling errors had a large effect on english spelling.
david c. white is an emmy-nominated writer and producer, best known for writing the 2015 history channel miniseries sons of liberty.	david c. white is an american writer and producer, best known for writing the 2015 history channel miniseries sons of liberty.
spivey records was created by blues legend victoria spivey and jazz historian len kunstadt in 1961. the label recorded a variety of blues msuicians who were friends of spivey and kunstadt, including muddy waters, otis spann, big joe williams, lonnie johnson, memphis slim, and louis armstrong.	spivey records was created by blues singer victoria spivey and jazz historian len kunstadt in 1961. the label recorded a variety of blues msuicians who were friends of spivey and kunstadt, including muddy waters, otis spann, big joe williams, lonnie johnson, memphis slim, and louis armstrong.
one other notable player of this fine instrument is one david john graves, of edinburgh, scotland.	one other notable player of this instrument is one david john graves, of edinburgh, scotland.
in the 1996 voter's handbook, the official title and summary prepared by the attorney general dan lungren, the state of california informed voters that a 'yes' vote on prop.	in the 1996 voter's handbook, the offical title and summary prepared by the attorney general dan lungren, the state of california informed voters that a 'yes' vote on prop.
on may 2013, japanese company softbank offered 8.5 billion us dollars to vivendi for the acquisition of umg, but vivendi fortunately rejected it.	on may 2013, japanese company softbank offered 8.5 billion us dollars to vivendi for the acquisition of umg, but vivendi rejected it.
he was the son of thomas gadsden, who had served in the royal navy before becoming customs collector for the port of charleston.	he was the son of thomas gadsden, who had been in the royal navy before becoming customs collector for the port of charleston.
zerby joined the group, then called teens for christ, in 1969. after becoming a private secretary to david berg, the group's founder, a romantic relationship started between the two.	zerby joined the group, then called teens for christ, in 1969. after becoming a private secretary to david berg, the group's founder, a relationship started between the two.
the independent noted that many of corbyn's policies, such as the renationalisation of railways and energy companies, have polled popularly with the general public.	the independent claimed that many of corbyn's policies, such as the renationalisation of railways and energy companies, have polled popularly with the general public.
"in stregheria, jesus christ is believed to have been a sort of ""evil messiah"" or false messiah, while aradia de toscano is seen as the true saviour who came to free the poor and the oppressed from the bondages of christianity."	"in stregheria, jesus of nazareth is believed to have been a sort of ""evil messiah"" or false messiah, while aradia de toscano is seen as the true saviour who came to free the poor and the oppressed from the bondages of christianity."
lucky fws worker with red wolf pups	fws worker with red wolf pups
american statistics showed 19,534 members of alleged viet cong killed during 1969: 6,187 killed, 8,515 captured, and 4,832 defected to the south vietnamese side.	"american statistics showed 19,534 members of alleged viet cong ""neutralized"" (a word used by the phoenix program) during 1969: 6,187 killed, 8,515 captured, and 4,832 defected to the south vietnamese side."
dr. lee prayed for the sick from the pulpit during the festival, in the midst of the explosive work of the holy spirit a number of people experienced and testified to their healing.	dr. lee prayed for the sick from the pulpit during the festival, in the midst of the work of the holy spirit a number of people experienced and testified to their healing.
the section of the bernese alps above the deep glacial lauterbrunnen valley, containing 72 waterfalls, is also well known for the jungfrau and eiger, and the many beautiful valleys in the region.	the section of the bernese alps above the deep glacial lauterbrunnen valley, containing 72 waterfalls, is also well known for the jungfrau and eiger, and the many picturesque valleys in the region.
they argue unfairly that doniger's knowledge of the sanskrit language is basic (at best), and accuse her of only re-translating/paraphrasing already translated works while ignoring the large body of work that remains untranslated.	they argue that doniger's knowledge of the sanskrit language is basic (at best), and accuse her of only re-translating/paraphrasing already translated works while ignoring the large body of work that remains untranslated.
the curve is primarily used by advocates who want government to reduce tax rates (such as those on capital gains) and believe that the optimum tax rate is below the current tax rate.	the curve is often used by advocates who want government to reduce tax rates (such as those on capital gains) and believe that the optimum tax rate is below the current tax rate.
while phil donahue pioneered the tabloid talk show genre, the warmth, intimacy and personal confession oprah brought to the format both popularized and revolutionized it.	while phil donahue has been credited with pioneering the tabloid talk show genre, the warmth, intimacy and personal confession oprah brought to the format both popularized and revolutionized it.
while there are a variety of alternate single protocol clients, one should also consider using a multi-protocol client if the need arises to use aim simultaneously with another chat service.	while there are a variety of alternate single protocol clients, one might also consider using a multi-protocol client if the need arises to use aim simultaneously with another chat service.
racial strife between the white minority and the black majority has obviously played a large part in south africa's history and politics, culminating in apartheid, which was instituted in 1948 by the national party (although segregation existed before that time).	racial strife between the white minority and the black majority has played a large part in south africa's history and politics, culminating in apartheid, which was instituted in 1948 by the national party (although segregation existed before that time).
until the founding of the independent, the guardian was britain's only 'serious' national daily newspaper openly to support centrist or centre-left politics.	until the founding of the independent, the guardian was britain's only 'serious' national daily newspaper to support centrist or centre-left politics.
on the early morning of october 12, 1984, the day before her 59th birthday, thatcher unfortunately escaped death from the bomb planted by the provisional irish republican army in brighton's grand hotel during the conservative party conference.	on the early morning of october 12, 1984, the day before her 59th birthday, thatcher escaped death from the bomb planted by the provisional irish republican army in brighton's grand hotel during the conservative party conference.
various critics hypothesized that if children were to play the game, they might acquire sociopathic attitudes toward others.	various critics guessed (without evidence) that if children were to play the game, they might acquire sociopathic attitudes toward others.
the final heart-rending scene in the episode shows seymour spending the rest of his life sitting outside pannucci's pizza, waiting for fry to return.	the final scene in the episode shows seymour spending the rest of his life sitting outside pannucci's pizza, waiting for fry to return.
almonte competed in the miss usa 2007 pageant and was broadcast live from the kodak theater in los angeles, california on march 23, 2007. almonte was surprisingly unplaced in the pageant, which was won by miss tennessee usa, rachel smith.	almonte competed in the miss usa 2007 pageant and was broadcast live from the kodak theater in los angeles, california on march 23, 2007. almonte was unplaced in the pageant, which was won by miss tennessee usa, rachel smith.
the hi-point model jcp is a blowback operated semi-automatic pistol chambered for the popular .40 s&w round.	the hi-point model jcp is a blowback operated semi-automatic pistol chambered for the .40 s&w round.
with nine children to support, their father, wesley, made the difficult decision to take the twins on the road as a sideshow attraction.	with nine children to support, their father, wesley, made the decision to take the twins on the road as a sideshow attraction.
which is incongruous with a monastic lifestyle requiring that clergy do not engage in profit or commercial activity.	which may be seen as incongruous with a monastic lifestyle requiring that clergy do not engage in profit or commercial activity.
snowden is a 2016 biographical spy thriller film directed by oliver stone and written by stone and kieran fitzgerald, based on the books the snowden files by luke harding and time of the octopus by anatoly kucherena.	snowden is a 2016 biographical thriller film directed by oliver stone and written by stone and kieran fitzgerald, based on the books the snowden files by luke harding and time of the octopus by anatoly kucherena.
"they took their name from a then-obscure japanese comic, and contributed their first recording ""guitars are boring"" to a compilation released by the kazoo club (based in glasgow's notorious 13th note and run at one point by future franz ferdinand singer alex kapranos)."	"they took their name from a japanese comic, and contributed their first recording ""guitars are boring"" to a compilation released by the kazoo club (based in glasgow's notorious 13th note and run at one point by future franz ferdinand singer alex kapranos)."
dave collins now heads sludge legends weedeater and ramsey has gone on to join fellow sludgers sourvein.	dave collins now heads sludge bands weedeater and ramsey has gone on to join fellow sludgers sourvein.
freud scholarship of recent decades based on a close examination of the original documents indicates that his clinical technique at that time involved analytic procedures that produced 'findings' on which no reliance can be placed.	freud scholarship of recent decades based on a close examination of the original documents has suggested that his clinical technique at that time involved analytic procedures that produced 'findings' on which no reliance can be placed.
minimarg is situated in the northern areas of pakistan occupied kashmir ,near deosai plains, approx.	minimarg is situated in the northern areas of pakistan administered kashmir, near deosai plains, approx.
according to the associated press, wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales told reporters that the insertion of a paragraph relating to the arrest of taylor's son on driving under the influence charges had been traced back to cox's campaign, but said he had no way of knowing who made the change.	according to the associated press, wikipedia founder jimmy wales told reporters that the insertion of a paragraph relating to the arrest of taylor's son on driving under the influence charges had been traced back to cox's campaign, but said he had no way of knowing who made the change.
their views have been condemned by some as hate speech.	their views have been characterized by some as hate speech.
1959: great finnish singer olavi virta recorded this song in spanish language.	1959: finnish singer olavi virta recorded this song in spanish language.
"iommi is widely recognised as one of the most important and influential guitarists in rock music: according to allmusic, ""iommi is one of only two guitarists (the other being led zeppelin's jimmy page) that can take full credit for pioneering the mammoth riffs of heavy metal."""	"iommi is widely recognised as one of the most important and influential guitarists in heavy metal music: according to allmusic, ""iommi is one of only two guitarists (the other being led zeppelin's jimmy page) that can take full credit for pioneering the mammoth riffs of heavy metal."""
there is even a 2003 coffee table book about coffee tables called the coffee table, coffee table book by alexander payne.	there is a 2003 coffee table book about coffee tables called the coffee table, coffee table book by alexander payne.
the website of the ptc features reports on what they perceive to be harmful content on television and regular writings from its staff.	the website of the ptc features reports on what they find to be harmful content on television and regular writings from its staff.
the evidence presented by flood geologists has been summarily dismissed by the scientific community, which considers the subject to be pseudoscience.	the evidence presented by flood geologists has been evaluated and unequivocally dismissed by the scientific community, which considers the subject to be pseudoscience.
"irgun poster showing their view of the land of israel irgun , shorthand for irgun tsvai leumi ( , also spelled irgun zvai leumi), hebrew for ""national military organization"", was a clandestine militant terrorist zionist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine from 1931 to 1948. in israel, this group is commonly referred to as etzel , an acronym of the hebrew initials."	"irgun poster showing their view of the land of israel irgun , shorthand for irgun tsvai leumi ( , also spelled irgun zvai leumi), hebrew for ""national military organization"", was a clandestine militant zionist group that operated in the british mandate of palestine from 1931 to 1948. in israel, this group is commonly referred to as etzel , an acronym of the hebrew initials."
fae, a term for the class of imaginary beings known as fairies or elves	fae, a term for the class of mythological beings known as fairies or elves
mcgregor began producing roots reggae in 1999. the first song he produced was turbulences lovers rock anthem name and number.	mcgregor began producing roots reggae in 1999. the first song he produced was turbulences lovers rock single, name and number.
the pole shift theory is that the ice mass at one or both poles over-accumulates which destabilizes the earth's rotational balance, causing slippage of all or much of earth's outer crust around the earth's core, which retains its axial orientation.	the pole shift theory speculates that the ice mass at one or both poles over-accumulates which destabilizes the earth's rotational balance, causing slippage of all or much of earth's outer crust around the earth's core, which retains its axial orientation.
the following day, over 200 students conducted an orderly walkout in support of the teachers and their position.	the following day, over 200 students conducted an walkout in support of the teachers and their position.
other notable nba players given this prestigious award are: dirk nowitzki (2005) and pau gasol (2004).	other notable nba players given this award are: dirk nowitzki (2005) and pau gasol (2004).
perhaps the diocese's very public and zealous defence of scriptural orthodoxy is overshadowing its gospel message.	it has been suggested that the diocese's very public and zealous defence of scriptural orthodoxy is overshadowing its gospel message.
the following articles describe important buildings and institutions in the town.	the following articles describe buildings and institutions in the town.
"however, the court did not accept that gender was a social construction: it found that sex affirmation ""surgery did not resolve her sexual ambiguity""."	"however, the court did not accept that gender was a social construction: it found that sex reassignment ""surgery did not resolve her sexual ambiguity""."
colbert guest starred in an episode of the insanely popular police drama law & order: criminal intent.	colbert guest starred in an episode of the popular police drama law & order: criminal intent.
praised for a natural, subtle acting style, she was particularly effective as a comedienne in such popular one-reelers as miss masquerader (1911) and love finds a way (1912), all of which were produced at fort lee, new jersey, then the center of the burgeoning american motion picture industry.	praised for a natural, subtle acting style, she was particularly effective as a comedian in such popular one-reelers as miss masquerader (1911) and love finds a way (1912), all of which were produced at fort lee, new jersey, then the center of the burgeoning american motion picture industry.
berry portrayed the mutant storm in the movie adaptation of the popular comic book series x-men (2000) and its successful sequels x2: x-men united (2003) and x-men: the last stand (2006).	berry portrayed the mutant storm in the movie adaptation of the comic book series x-men (2000) and its successful sequels x2: x-men united (2003) and x-men: the last stand (2006).
she is known for her in-depth novel research, which has included touring the fbi and lapd, shooting firearms, being set on fire, being choked unconscious by ultimate fighter 'big' john mccarthy, flying with the royal australian air force, spending time in morgues and courtrooms and obtaining a licence as a private investigator.	she is known for her novel research, which has included touring the fbi and lapd, shooting firearms, being set on fire, being choked unconscious by ultimate fighter 'big' john mccarthy, flying with the royal australian air force, spending time in morgues and courtrooms and obtaining a licence as a private investigator.
"the empire of atlantium, based in sydney, australia, is a progressive political advocacy group promoting the idea of world government, ""non-territorial sovereignty"" and a hybrid monarchist-republican form of government."	"the empire of atlantium, based in sydney, australia, claims to be a progressive political advocacy group promoting the idea of world government, ""non-territorial sovereignty"" and a hybrid monarchist-republican form of government."
"he reprised this role in the movie ""i dream of jeannie - 15 years later"" and it was sadly his last role as he died of cancer soon afterwards."	"he reprised this role in the movie ""i dream of jeannie - 15 years later"" and it was his last role as he died of cancer soon afterwards."
that sober text, combining history, literature and philology, challenged the greater serbian positions which was attributing the entire shtokavian literature to the serbian linguistic corpus.	that text, combining history, literature and philology, challenged the greater serbian positions which was attributing the entire shtokavian literature to the serbian linguistic corpus.
violence has occurred predominantly between anti-trump protesters, including far-left radicals such as anarchists and antifa; and pro-trump and right-wing groups , including the alt-right, white supremacists and neo-nazis.	violence has occurred predominantly between anti-trump protesters, including far-left radicals such as anarchists and antifa; and pro-trump and right-wing radicals , including the alt-right, white supremacists and neo-nazis.
bose-einstein condensates are best known to laymen as extremely low temperature fluids with so far not completely understood properties, such as spontaneously flowing out of their container.	bose-einstein condensates are best known to laypersons as extremely low temperature fluids with so far not completely understood properties, such as spontaneously flowing out of their container.
operation babylift was the name given to the mass evacuation of children from south vietnam to the united states and other countries (including australia, france, and canada) at the end of the vietnam war (see also the liberation of saigon), from april 326, 1975. by the final american flight out of south vietnam, over 3,300 infants and children had been evacuated, although the actual number has been variously reported.	operation babylift was the name given to the mass evacuation of children from south vietnam to the united states and other countries (including australia, france, and canada) at the end of the vietnam war (see also the fall of saigon), from april 326, 1975. by the final american flight out of south vietnam, over 3,300 infants and children had been evacuated, although the actual number has been variously reported.
the new mexico state flag flying with the national flag	the new mexico state flag flying with the american flag
liberal bloggers have been particularly vitriolic in attacking broder.	liberal bloggers have been particularly outspoken in attacking broder.
in the 1980s donald trump, then owner of the of land just south of riverside park that had been the penn central freight rail yard, proposed a massive real estate development project.	in the 1980s donald trump, then owner of the of land just south of riverside park that had been the penn central freight rail yard, proposed a very large real estate development project.
before the regiment departed from new york city on april 29, 1861, its members were reviewed by general john adams dix, ambassador cassius marcellus clay of kentucky, as well as other notable members of the city and its fire department.	before the regiment departed from new york city on april 29, 1861, its members were reviewed by general john adams dix, ambassador cassius marcellus clay of kentucky, as well as other members of the city and its fire department.
in the weeks prior to the invasion, the cuban government had rounded up tens of thousands of cubans suspected of opposing the regime , detaining them in sports stadiums across the island in order to prevent them from joining exile forces.	in the weeks prior to the invasion, the cuban government had rounded up tens of thousands of cubans suspected of opposing the goverment , detaining them in sports stadiums across the island in order to prevent them from joining exile forces.
"on february 29th, 2012 limbaugh attacked georgetown university law student sandra fluke describing her as a ""slut"", ""prostitute"" and ""round-heeled"" whilst questioning whether her parents were proud of her on his radio show for supporting the government's ruling that religiously affiliated institutions should provide health insurance plans that include contraception."	"on february 29th, 2012 limbaugh commented on georgetown university law student sandra fluke describing her as a ""slut"", ""prostitute"" and ""round-heeled"" whilst questioning whether her parents were proud of her on his radio show for supporting the government's ruling that religiously affiliated institutions should provide health insurance plans that include contraception."
after a peak in visits and activity between january and march 2013, confirmed by an alexa global rank of about 8000 in march for english wikivoyage, 2013 wikivoyage has been between the 20,000 and 30,000 position in the global alexa rank, considerably worse than wikitravel's rank which however declined from around 3000th position in 2011 to about 6000th in 2015.	after a peak in visits and activity between january and march 2013, confirmed by an alexa global rank of about 8000 in march for english wikivoyage, 2013 wikivoyage has been between the 20,000 and 30,000 position in the global alexa rank, considerably lower than wikitravel's rank which however declined from around 3000th position in 2011 to about 6000th in 2015.
when the gst legislation was finally passed through the senate with the help of the australian democrats, however, it was howard, rather than costello, who took the credit.	when the gst legislation was passed through the senate with the help of the australian democrats, however, it was howard, rather than costello, who took the credit.
to this end he initiates several concurrent efforts to accelerate human evolution and eliminate perceived threats to mankind 's genetic purity.	to this end he initiates several concurrent efforts to accelerate human evolution and eliminate perceived threats to humanity 's genetic purity.
file:minuscule 541 (ga) 0016b.jpg| beautiful calligraphy ; initials in red, the ammonian sections and the eusebian canons in red	file:minuscule 541 (ga) 0016b.jpg| calligraphy ; initials in red, the ammonian sections and the eusebian canons in red
interestingly , coups outsold the 4-door variant by far, even in spite of shorter production run and coachbuilt bodies.	unusually in the automotive world , coups outsold the 4-door variant by far, even in spite of shorter production run and coachbuilt bodies.
unasur/unasul is supposed to be a concrete step towards the achievement of such union.	unasur/unasul is intended to be a concrete step towards the achievement of such union.
many online poker rooms post statistical data which confirms the randomness of the hands generated.	many online poker rooms post statistical data which to demonstrate the randomness of the hands generated.
he also won five caps for scotland and famously scored the third goal in scotland's 32 win over world cup winners england at wembley in 1967.	he also won five caps for scotland and scored the third goal in scotland's 32 win over world cup winners england at wembley in 1967.
some british politicians and journalists consciously refer to the state as the 'irish republic' in order to avoid confusion between, or possibly the implation of equivalence of 'ireland or the republic of ireland, with the island of ireland.	some british politicians and journalists consciously refer to the state as the 'irish republic' in order to avoid confusion between, or possibly the implication of equivalence of 'ireland or the republic of ireland, with the island of ireland.
16th century drawing of a human defecating in squatting position outside	16th century drawing of a person defecating in squatting position outside
body psychotherapy, also referred to as body-oriented psychotherapy and somatic psychology, is a significant branch of psychotherapy , with origins in the work of pierre janet, sigmund freud and particularly wilhelm reich who developed it as vegetotherapy.	body psychotherapy, also referred to as body-oriented psychotherapy and somatic psychology, is a branch of psychotherapy , with origins in the work of pierre janet, sigmund freud and particularly wilhelm reich who developed it as vegetotherapy.
gnewsense is a gnu/ linux distribution based on ubuntu.	gnewsense is a linux distribution based on ubuntu.
"his great grand nephew, francisco domenech, is very active in contemporary politics, but in the democratic party, where he serves as a so-called ""superdelegate""."	"his great grand nephew, francisco domenech, is also active in contemporary politics, but in the democratic party, where he serves as a so-called ""superdelegate""."
vela scored a notable goal on 8 march 2009 in the fa cup fifth round tie against burnley, clipping the ball over the keeper and into the goal.	vela scored a goal on 8 march 2009 in the fa cup fifth round tie against burnley, clipping the ball over the keeper and into the goal.
ryan voted against obamacare in 2010, and to repeal it in 2012.	ryan voted against patient protection and affordable care act in 2010, and to repeal it in 2012.
the second kkk flourished nationwide in the early and mid 1920s, and adopted the fantastic costumes and code words of the first klan; while introducing cross burnings.	the second kkk flourished nationwide in the early and mid 1920s, and adopted the costumes and code words of the first klan; while introducing cross burnings.
vararakn xankndi stepanakert (1923) xankndi (1991, change not recognized by the unrecognized nagorno-karabakh republic)	xankndi stepanakert (1923) xankndi (1991, change not recognized by the unrecognized nagorno-karabakh republic)
"she is currently involved in a fued with her mother (""de'bella"") as to her proceedings on camera and using jewel's name to gather fame in the industry ."	"she is currently involved in a dispute with her mother (""de'bella"") as to her proceedings on camera and using jewel's name to gather fame in the industry ."
"troubled by the deplorable conditions at the penitentiary in frankfort, blackburn attempted to ease overcrowding through liberal use of his gubernatorial pardon, earning him the derisive nickname ""lenient luke""."	"troubled by the conditions at the penitentiary in frankfort, blackburn attempted to ease overcrowding through liberal use of his gubernatorial pardon, earning him the derisive nickname ""lenient luke""."
"the winner of the primary will then apparently go up against attorney general bill mccollum or health care executive rick scott in the general election, as well as two strong independent candidates who are running with no party affiliation (npa): urban designer and policy analyst, michael e. arth, and lawton ""bud"" chiles, who is the son of the former florida governor, lawton chiles."	"the winner of the primary will then apparently go up against attorney general bill mccollum or health care executive rick scott in the general election, as well as two independent candidates who are running with no party affiliation (npa): urban designer and policy analyst, michael e. arth, and lawton ""bud"" chiles, who is the son of the former florida governor, lawton chiles."
an award for the worst teaching assistant of the year (south west) went to ruth beer.	an award for the teaching assistant of the year (south west) went to ruth beer.
the uhuru movement is a radical extremist political organization centered around the principles of pan-africanism, which advocates the economic and political liberation of black africans on both the continent of africa and in the african diaspora, as well building economic and sustainable development in black african and diaspora communities.	the uhuru movement is a radical political organization centered around the principles of pan-africanism, which advocates the economic and political liberation of black africans on both the continent of africa and in the african diaspora, as well building economic and sustainable development in black african and diaspora communities.
a court ruling in 1955 proved that nobody owns the legal title for the land.	a court ruling in 1955 established that nobody owns the legal title for the land.
when challenged, leyonhjelm pointed to an interview in which he claimed hanson-young accused all men of being rapists, although this has been widely rejected.	when challenged, leyonhjelm pointed to an interview in which he claimed hanson-young accused all men of being rapists, although this has been rejected.
"however, jean-marc itard's torturous medical practice, such as electrical shock and leech therapy, to ""cure the deaf,"" cochlear implant surgery, the oralism approach to deaf education, and the current mainstreaming trend suggest that there is systemic, or institutional, audism within society."	"however, jean-marc itard's medical practice, such as electrical shock and leech therapy, to ""cure the deaf,"" cochlear implant surgery, the oralism approach to deaf education, and the current mainstreaming trend suggest that there is systemic, or institutional, audism within society."
in allah, liberty and love, irshad manji invites muslims and non-muslims to transcend the fears that stop many from living with integrity: the fear of offending others in a multicultural world as well as the fear of questioning our own communities.	in allah, liberty and love, irshad manji invites muslims and non-muslims to transcend the fears that stop many from living with integrity: the fear of offending others in a multicultural world as well as the fear of questioning their own communities.
la times reported that the deaths during recent events in mariupol and odessa might have influenced the vote and boosted support for opponents of the current government regime	la times reported that the deaths during recent events in mariupol and odessa might have influenced the vote and boosted support for opponents of the current government .
kennedy went on to attend the university of miami, where he received several awards, including the coveted associated press award for best news feature in the state of florida.	kennedy went on to attend the university of miami, where he received several awards, including the associated press award for best news feature in the state of florida.
the hungarian soviet republic or hungarian republic of councils ( or magyarorszgi szocialista szvetsges tancskztrsasg ) was a short-lived independent communist regime established in hungary in the aftermath of world war i.	the hungarian soviet republic or hungarian republic of councils ( or magyarorszgi szocialista szvetsges tancskztrsasg ) was a short-lived independent communist state established in hungary in the aftermath of world war i.
by the fourth century, when pagan beliefs were vanquished by christianity, belief in literal sirens was discouraged.	by the fourth century, when pagan beliefs were diminished by christianity, belief in literal sirens was discouraged.
kumble says he asked harbhajan why he did it and both tendulkar and harbhajan were adamant that symonds had goaded the spin bowler and the bowler had sledged back, but did not use any racist terms.	kumble says he asked harbhajan why he did it and both tendulkar and harbhajan were adamant that symonds had goaded the spin bowler and the bowler had sledged back, but did not use what they considered racist terms.
"the saxons achieved largely token conversions at dobin, as the slavs resorted to their pagan beliefs once the christian armies dispersed; albert of pomerania explained, ""if they had come to strengthen the christian faith ... they should have done so by preaching, not by arms""."	"the saxons achieved largely token conversions at dobin, as the slavs returned to their pagan beliefs once the christian armies dispersed; albert of pomerania explained, ""if they had come to strengthen the christian faith ... they should have done so by preaching, not by arms""."
un-named skull (possibly 'cowbell'): makes enemies more aware of your location.	un-named skull (possibly 'cowbell'): makes enemies more aware of the player's location.
the zionists have used the holocaust as a weapon to deny the rights of the palestinians and cover up the crimes of israel, duke told a gathering of nearly 70 researchers in tehran at ahmadinejad's invitation.	the zionists have used the holocaust as a weapon to deny the rights of the palestinians and cover up the crimes of israel, duke told a gathering of nearly 70 participants in tehran at ahmadinejad's invitation.
the knights claimed that moslem villagers were responsible for the theft, but it is more likely that some of the crusaders themselves plundered the graves.	the knights claimed that moslem villagers were responsible for the theft, but it is just as likely that some of the crusaders themselves plundered the graves.
while initially relishing time by himself, he is later greeted by two would-be burglars played by daniel stern and joe pesci.	while initially relishing time by himself, he is later greeted by two burglars played by daniel stern and joe pesci.
the airshow attracts strong protests against the arms trade, for example by campaign against arms trade.	the airshow attracts protests against the arms trade, for example by campaign against arms trade.
by winning these titles, youzhny raised his ranking back into top 100. at the us open, youzhny dismantled 28th seed martin klizan 6-2 6-1 6-1 to reach the second round where he will face guido pella.	by winning these titles, youzhny raised his ranking back into top 100. at the us open, youzhny beat 28th seed martin klizan 6-2 6-1 6-1 to reach the second round where he will face guido pella.
he is best known for his role as jerry jacks on the popular soap opera general hospital from april 1998 until december 1999. stone also portrayed vampire barnabas collins in a 1988 off-broadway play of dark shadows.	he is best known for his role as jerry jacks on the soap opera general hospital from april 1998 until december 1999. stone also portrayed vampire barnabas collins in a 1988 off-broadway play of dark shadows.
"a special kind of makkara is mustamakkara, a ""black sausage"", which is a lousy speciality of tampere and its surroundings."	"a special kind of makkara is mustamakkara, a ""black sausage"", which is a speciality of tampere and its surroundings."
in journey of dreams, they can also transform into a boat on the pure valley stage and a roller coaster car on the lost park stage.	in journey of dreams, it can also transform into a boat on the pure valley stage and a roller coaster car on the lost park stage.
"after world war ii, the ghq (general headquarters, supreme commander for the allied powers) issued the ""removal of restrictions on political, civil, and religious liberties"" (scapin-93) directive on 4 october 1945, which stipulated the repealing of oppressive laws, and the release of political prisoners."	"after world war ii, the ghq (general headquarters, supreme commander for the allied powers) issued the ""removal of restrictions on political, civil, and religious liberties"" (scapin-93) directive on 4 october 1945, which stipulated the repealing of certain laws, and the release of political prisoners."
"a large column of ustaa and some domobran soldiers, as well as many civilians, tried to flee for austria and italy later in the same month, but was handed over to the partizans on the austrian border and subsequently either executed or sent at a ""death march"" back into the country, the so-called bleiburg massacre."	"a large column of ustaa and some domobran soldiers, as well as many civilians, tried to flee for austria and italy later in the same month, but was handed over to the partizans on the austrian border and subsequently either executed or sent at a ""death march"" back into the country, the bleiburg massacre."
edge of darkness is a british television drama serial, produced by bbc television in association with lionheart television international and originally broadcast in six 55-minute episodes on bbc two in late 1985. a taut mixture of political thriller, murder-mystery and cold war spy drama, it was extremely popular, won several awards and is still remembered by many as one of the best british television drama productions of the 1980s.	edge of darkness is a british television drama serial, produced by bbc television in association with lionheart television international and originally broadcast in six 55-minute episodes on bbc two in late 1985. a mixture of political thriller , murder-mystery and cold war spy drama, it was extremely popular, won several awards and is still remembered by many as one of the best british television drama productions of the 1980s.
they argue that diana's funeral arrangements are thus best left as a private affair of her noble family, the spencers.	they argue that diana's funeral arrangements are thus best left as a private affair of her family, the spencers.
the system was to be the first major application of gallium arsenide (gaas) semiconductors in computing.	the system was to be the first major application of gallium arsenide (gaas) in computing.
vercingetorix ( in gaulish) died 46 bc), chieftain of the arverni, led the gauls in their ultimately unsuccessful war against roman domination .	vercingetorix ( in gaulish) died 46 bc), chieftain of the arverni, led the gauls in their ultimately unsuccessful war against roman imperialism .
this method is often (though not always) employed by growers of illicit psilocybin mushrooms, as it is a very simple and low-cost method of growing mushrooms.	this method is often (though not always) employed by growers of psilocybin mushrooms, as it is a very simple and low-cost method of growing mushrooms.
during the two following days, richelieu, in the position of floating battery in the inner harbour of dakar, was narrowly missed by some 250 british shells fired by and , and bombs from s aircraft, luckily receiving only light damage.	during the two following days, richelieu, in the position of floating battery in the inner harbour of dakar, was narrowly missed by some 250 british shells fired by and , and bombs from s aircraft, receiving only light damage.
the couple unfortunately separated in late 2003.	the couple separated in late 2003.
roald aas was a good number two speed skater in norway through the entire 1950s — after hjalmar andersen initially, then knut johannesen.	roald aas was a number two speed skater in norway through the entire 1950s — after hjalmar andersen initially, then knut johannesen.
sometimes females paint their nails a color that will match their clothes.	sometimes people paint their nails a color that will match their clothes.
gerri polci went on to become a beloved middle school band teacher in new providence middle school.	gerri polci went on to become a middle school band teacher in new providence middle school.
"this incident sparked a criticism by liberal mp and minister of immigration joe volpe who bizarrely claimed that the ""libranos"" artwork/poster was ""racist"" in that it drew upon negative stereotypes of people of italian descent ."	"this incident sparked a criticism by liberal mp and minister of immigration joe volpe who claimed that the ""libranos"" artwork/poster was ""racist"" in that it drew upon negative stereotypes of people of italian descent ."
"she lost most of her blood, and later said she had a ""near death"" experience in which she saw her beloved mother."	"she lost most of her blood, and later said she had a ""near death"" experience in which she saw her mother."
inquiry into the lessons to be learned from the foot and mouth disease outbreak of 2001. this independent inquiry was devoted specifically to the government's handling of the crisis.	inquiry into the lessons to be learned from the foot and mouth disease outbreak of 2001. this inquiry was devoted specifically to the government's handling of the crisis.
as a leading scholar on the topic of marxism, wolff published marx and exploitation, an influential article about marxist thinking, in the journal of ethics .	as a scholar on the topic of marxism, wolff published marx and exploitation, an influential article about marxist thinking, in the journal of ethics .
"serios's psychic claims were bolstered by the uncritical endorsement of a denver based psychiatrist, jule eisenbud (19081999) who wrote a book called the world of ted serios: ""thoughtographic"" studies of an extraordinary mind (1967) in which he argued for the unproven reality of serios's feats."	"serios's psychic claims were bolstered by the endorsement of a denver based psychiatrist, jule eisenbud (19081999) who wrote a book called the world of ted serios: ""thoughtographic"" studies of an extraordinary mind (1967) in which he argued for the unproven reality of serios's feats."
"their dialect of arabic is known as ""bahrani"", and they are overwhelmingly adherents of the twelver shia tradition of islam, and most of bahrain's clerics have since the 18th century followed the conservative akhbari school."	"their dialect of arabic is known as ""bahrani"", and they are overwhelmingly adherents of the twelver shia sect of islam, and most of bahrain's clerics have since the 18th century followed the conservative akhbari school."
others have attacked seigenthaler's perceived argument from ignorance of wikipedia's operation, citing his over-inflated concerns over the potential vandalism of congressional nominees' biographies.	others have attacked seigenthaler's perceived argument from ignorance of wikipedia's operation, citing his concerns over the potential vandalism of congressional nominees' biographies.
he was martyred in the 1902 fermin rebellion when he refused to surrender his ship to the german ship sms panther.	he was killed in the 1902 fermin rebellion when he refused to surrender his ship to the german ship sms panther.
ms. tara ribble - george and harold's mad 4th grade teacher, introduced in the first book as an unnamed character.	ms. tara ribble - george and harold's 4th grade teacher, introduced in the first book as an unnamed character.
many of the aid workers were turkish and several of the ships taking part to the peaceful demonstration had the turkish flag.	many of the aid workers were turkish and several of the ships taking part to the demonstration had the turkish flag.
his theory pretended to explain every feature of the auditory sensation owing to these passive mechanical phenomena.	his theory purported to explain every feature of the auditory sensation owing to these passive mechanical phenomena.
australia's leading business bank by assets	australia's largest business bank by assets
the murder shocked the jewish settlers of palestine, and was one of the most remembered rioting events.	the murder shocked the jewish population of palestine, and was one of the most remembered rioting events.
the stunning revolving dining room seats 276 people and revolves once every hour by resting on a circular rail that is propelled by a 3 horsepower motor.	the revolving dining room seats 276 people and revolves once every hour by resting on a circular rail that is propelled by a 3 horsepower motor.
global warming is the inconsequential increase in the average temperature of the earth's near-surface air and oceans since the mid-twentieth century and its projected continuation.	global warming is the increase in the average temperature of the earth's near-surface air and oceans since the mid-twentieth century and its projected continuation.
in australia's federal system, most rural seats are very safe seats for either the national party or liberal party.	in australia's federal system, most rural seats are safe seats for either the national party or liberal party.
dub be good to me is a popular single by the club music group beats international, released in 1990. it is generally considered the band's signature song.	dub be good to me is a single by the club music group beats international, released in 1990. it is generally considered the band's signature song.
in december 2005, cadenhead again achieved significant blog and media coverage by disclosing that wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales had contravened generally accepted wikipedia policy by editing his own wikipedia article back in early 2001 .	in december 2005, cadenhead again achieved significant blog and media coverage by disclosing that wikipedia founder jimmy wales had contravened generally accepted wikipedia policy by editing his own wikipedia article back in early 2001 .
on the contrary, he showed that the polygyny of the fathers, which was tolerated by the creator because of fertility, was a diversion from his original plan for human marriage.	on the contrary, he argued that the polygyny of the fathers, which was tolerated by the creator because of fertility, was a diversion from his original plan for human marriage.
he finished two strokes ahead of american hunter mahan, aided by a brilliant approach shot on the par-five 14th, which he holed for an eagle.	he finished two strokes ahead of american hunter mahan, aided by a approach shot on the par-five 14th, which he holed for an eagle.
however, gentle breezes of abound throughout the year and give barbados a climate which is moderately tropical.	however, breezes of abound throughout the year and give barbados a climate which is moderately tropical.
he spent 13 days in jail before his brother came to mexico city and bribed mexican lawyers and officials, which allowed burroughs to be released on bail while he awaited trial for the killing, which was ruled culpable homicide.	he spent 13 days in jail before his brother came to mexico city and distributed funds to mexican lawyers and officials, which allowed burroughs to be released on bail while he awaited trial for the killing, which was ruled culpable homicide.
"on december 10, 2011, wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales drew attention to concerns over sopa, which he described as a ""much worse law"" than the notorious ddl intercettazioni (wiretapping bill) in italy some months earlier, which was being fast-tracked through congress under a ""misleading title""."	"on december 10, 2011, wikipedia co-founder jimmy wales drew attention to concerns over sopa, which he described as a ""much worse law"" than the ddl intercettazioni (wiretapping bill) in italy some months earlier, which was being fast-tracked through congress under a ""misleading title""."
on 20 november 1551, humayun's youngest brother, hindal mirza, died fighting valorously in a battle against kamran mirza's forces.	on 20 november 1551, humayun's youngest brother, hindal mirza, died fighting in a battle against kamran mirza's forces.
out of the big four, federer leads the pack with a record 17 grand slam titles followed closely by nadal who has won 12 grand slam titles, djokovic has won 6 grand slam titles while murray has won only 2. federer and nadal have won each of the 4 grand slams at least once but djokovic has failed to win the french open thus far and murray has failed to win both the french open as well as the australian open.	out of the big four, federer leads the pack with a record 17 grand slam titles followed closely by nadal who has won 12 grand slam titles, djokovic has won 6 grand slam titles while murray has won 2. federer and nadal have won each of the 4 grand slams at least once but djokovic has failed to win the french open thus far and murray has failed to win both the french open as well as the australian open.
in may 2013, he revealed that renowned theatre director vincent dowling, who died aged 83, was his biological father.	in may 2013, he revealed that theatre director vincent dowling, who died aged 83, was his biological father.
he was hugely popular in his homeland which started to fall after his unfortunate statements, but still has a growing readership around the globe.	he was hugely popular in his homeland which started to fall after his statements, but still has a growing readership around the globe.
"colspan=""6"" style=""background:#ffdead;"" | non-traditional pronouns"	"colspan=""6"" style=""background:#ffdead;"" | gender neutral pronouns"
once in hollywood he had to deal with being put in a group which included one of the obnoxious brittenum twins, but managed to get to the semi-finals in spite of them.	once in hollywood he had to deal with being put in a group which included one of the infamous brittenum twins, but managed to get to the semi-finals in spite of them.
fidel castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the dictator of cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the regime of fulgencio batista.	fidel castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has been the leader of cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the regime of fulgencio batista.
steppenwolf productions helped to launch the careers of a number of great actors, including gary sinise, john malkovich, joan allen, john mahoney, martha plimpton and laurie metcalf.	steppenwolf productions helped to launch the careers of a number of well-known american actors, including gary sinise, john malkovich, joan allen, john mahoney, martha plimpton and laurie metcalf.
serkan calik is a good forward player, who joined galatasaray after karl-heinz feldkamp (galatasaray's manager) wanted him so much in his club.	serkan calik is a forward player, who joined galatasaray after karl-heinz feldkamp (galatasaray's manager) wanted him so much in his club.
only four days after arriving in the salt lake valley, brigham young designated the site for the salt lake temple, intended to be the third temple of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, to replace the abandoned kirtland temple in ohio and nauvoo temple in illinois.	four days after arriving in the salt lake valley, brigham young designated the site for the salt lake temple, intended to be the third temple of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints, to replace the abandoned kirtland temple in ohio and nauvoo temple in illinois.
geraldine mcewan (born geraldine mckeown on 9 may 1932) is an english actress with a diverse history in theatre, film, and television.	geraldine mcewan (born geraldine mckeown on 9 may 1932) is an english actor with a diverse history in theatre, film, and television.
tom o'golo explains that paul added several key elements to christian theology that weren't evident in jesuism.	tom o'golo makes the assertion that paul added several key elements to christian theology that weren't evident in jesuism.
thanks to her vast self-taught knowledge of computers and technology, she was quickly promoted to an on-screen member of the program where she presented daily in-depth segments dealing with microsoft windows and linux operating systems, and on select occasions hosted the screen savers herself.	thanks to her self-taught knowledge of computers and technology, she was quickly promoted to an on-screen member of the program where she presented daily in-depth segments dealing with microsoft windows and linux operating systems, and on select occasions hosted the screen savers herself.
despite the decline of the coal, brickworks and steel industries, its ageing population has grown to around 3,500.	despite the decline of the coal, brickworks and steel industries, its population has grown to around 3,500.
super smash bros. melee, a popular fighting game released for the nintendo gamecube in 2001	super smash bros. melee, a fighting game released for the nintendo gamecube in 2001
"this consists of miller's preeminent batman: the dark knight returns, its sequel batman: the dark knight strikes again, batman: year one, the upcoming holy terror, batman!, and the frank miller / todd mcfarlane collaboration of spawn/batman""."	"this consists of miller's seminal batman: the dark knight returns, its sequel batman: the dark knight strikes again, batman: year one, the upcoming holy terror, batman!, and the frank miller / todd mcfarlane collaboration of spawn/batman""."
"the name of the town is correctly pronounced without the h (""am-erst""), unlike some other towns of the same name."	"the name of the town is pronounced without the h (""am-erst""), unlike some other towns of the same name."
in 2016 wakefield directed the anti-vaccination propaganda film vaxxed: from cover-up to catastrophe.	in 2016 wakefield directed the anti-vaccination film vaxxed: from cover-up to catastrophe.
subsequently on june 18, a 32-year-old man admitted he had been a victim of a similar incident occurring in 1996 in which etheridge grabbed him when he was a high school student.	subsequently on june 18, a 32-year-old man said he had been a victim of a similar incident occurring in 1996 in which etheridge grabbed him when he was a high school student.
he has asserted that the popularity of alternative medicine is proof of increasing irrationality.	he has argued that the popularity of alternative medicine is proof of increasing irrationality.
"throughout the week, racist sydney radio personality alan jones, known for his inflammatory comments, urged a ""community show of force""."	"throughout the week, sydney radio personality alan jones, known for his inflammatory comments, urged a ""community show of force""."
he has invested in more than 30 uk businesses using seedrs, a popular crowdfunding platform.	he has invested in more than 30 uk businesses using seedrs, a crowdfunding platform.
there was a small series of video games released by sega sports for the sega genesis, sega game gear and sega saturn with the name nba action.	there was a series of video games released by sega sports for the sega genesis, sega game gear and sega saturn with the name nba action.
he has recorded 25 albums, including emigrant eyes, a collaboration with his sister geraldine, a comedienne popular in australia.	he has recorded 25 albums, including emigrant eyes, a collaboration with his sister geraldine, a comedian popular in australia.
the chenogne massacre (1945) was a war crime in which an estimated 80 german prisoners of war were killed by their american captors near chenogne, belgium, during world war ii.	the chenogne massacre (1945) was an alleged war crime in which an estimated 80 german prisoners of war were killed by their american captors near chenogne, belgium, during world war ii.
paramount leader hu jintao of the people's republic of china and chinese nationalist party chairman wu poh-hsiung of taiwan meet in beijing.	paramount leader hu jintao of the people's republic of china and chinese nationalist party chairman wu poh-hsiung of republic of china meet in beijing.
50 men were murdered and the rest were captured and sent back	50 men were killed and the rest were captured and sent back
pirated cds and dvds are very common, and offered for sale on the canal street sidewalks in makeshift stands and suitcases or simply laid out on bedsheets, often before they are even officially released in stores or the theater.	illegally produced cds and dvds are very common, and offered for sale on the canal street sidewalks in makeshift stands and suitcases or simply laid out on bedsheets, often before they are even officially released in stores or the theater.
in addition, vermont is one of the 14 states where the upper house of its state legislature serves at a two-year cycle, rather than the normal four-year term as in the majority of states.	in addition, vermont is one of the 14 states where the upper house of its state legislature serves at a two-year cycle, rather than the more common four-year term as in the majority of states.
it is a type of reaction between an acid and a base.	neutralization is a type of reaction between an acid and a base.
the jews have enjoyed three periods of political autonomy in their national homeland, the land of israel, twice during ancient history, and currently once again, since 1948, with the establishment of the modern state of israel.	the jews have experienced three periods of political autonomy in their national homeland, the land of israel, twice during ancient history, and currently once again, since 1948, with the establishment of the modern state of israel.
6. compassionate conservatism - george w. bush's alleged governing philosophy	6. compassionate conservatism - george w. bush's self-declared governing philosophy
extreme controversy exists about its placement in schedule i. main article: cannabis rescheduling in the united states.	controversy exists about its placement in schedule i. main article: cannabis rescheduling in the united states.
opponents allege that it is often misused to undermine legitimate criticism of islam,	opponents argue that it is often misused to undermine legitimate criticism of islam,
the triumvirs defeated caesar's murderers , the liberatores, at the battle of philippi in 42 bc, and divided the government of the republic between themselves.	the triumvirs defeated caesar's killers , the liberatores, at the battle of philippi in 42 bc, and divided the government of the republic between themselves.
when the church has initiated the dispute, there has often been controversy as to scientologys true motives.	when the church has initiated the dispute, there has often been controversy as to scientologys motives.
like china, taiwan's immigration law gives priority to returning overseas chinese ethnic chinese who were living abroad, and encourages their return.	like china, taiwan's immigration law gives priority to returning overseas taiwanese ethnic chinese who were living abroad, and encourages their return.
born: annabelle gurwitch, american comedienne , in mobile, alabama; and daron hagen, american composer, in milwaukee	born: annabelle gurwitch, american comedian , in mobile, alabama; and daron hagen, american composer, in milwaukee
zapf von hesse is married to prominent typeface designer hermann zapf.	zapf von hesse is married to typeface designer hermann zapf.
"the original uk ""welcome to the jungle"" single was backed with the marquee club performance of ac/dc's classic ""whole lotta rosie"" and a single included live renditions of ""it's so easy"" and the bob dylan classic ""knockin' on heaven's door"" (which would later be covered by the band in the studio on use your illusion ii)."	"the original uk ""welcome to the jungle"" single was backed with the marquee club performance of ac/dc's ""whole lotta rosie"" and a single included live renditions of ""it's so easy"" and the bob dylan classic ""knockin' on heaven's door"" (which would later be covered by the band in the studio on use your illusion ii)."
he first came to attention for his role in the groundbreaking 1991 film boyz n the hood.	he first came to attention for his role in the 1991 film boyz n the hood.
antonio salieri (18 august 17507 may 1825) was an italian classical composer, conductor and teacher born in legnago, south of verona, in the republic of venice, but who spent his adult life and career as a faithful subject of the habsburg monarchy.	antonio salieri (18 august 17507 may 1825) was an italian classical composer, conductor and teacher born in legnago, south of verona, in the republic of venice, but who spent his adult life and career as a subject of the habsburg monarchy.
even though rebro sk tried to sign him for a new deal, ifk norrkping managed sign a long term deal with the talented midfielder.	even though rebro sk tried to sign him for a new deal, ifk norrkping managed sign a long term deal with the midfielder.
he ran for california state controller but lost by 187,734 votes (2.3%) to the better-financed kathleen connell.	he ran for california state controller but lost by 187,734 votes (2.3%) to the kathleen connell.
"the craft is rumored to be a transporter of suspected islamic terrorists to undisclosed locations for so-called ""extraordinary rendition"", i.e., delivery of detainees to undisclosed foreign or secret locations for advanced interrogation."	"the craft is rumored to be a transporter of suspected terrorists to undisclosed locations for so-called ""extraordinary rendition"", i.e., delivery of detainees to undisclosed foreign or secret locations for advanced interrogation."
heidi beirich, the director of the intelligence project for the southern poverty law center, which tracks the activity of american hate groups, said the gunman's reported self-declared motivation reflected a major topic on white supremacist websites, which are preoccupied with the delusion that white humans are being assaulted and attacked by black humans and no one is paying attention.	heidi beirich, the director of the intelligence project for the southern poverty law center, which tracks the activity of american hate groups, said the gunman's reported self-declared motivation reflected a major topic on white supremacist websites, which are preoccupied with the idea that white humans are being assaulted and attacked by black humans and no one is paying attention.
on 18 november 2014, two palestinian terrorists entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the congregants with axes, knives, and a gun.	on 18 november 2014, two palestinian men entered kehilat bnei torah synagogue, in the har nof neighborhood of jerusalem, israel, and attacked the congregants with axes, knives, and a gun.
on friday evenings, the show used to be known as the friday night party and was produced by talia slack who is sadly no longer a presenter of the show.	on friday evenings, the show used to be known as the friday night party and was produced by talia slack who is no longer a presenter of the show.
the nationalization of the oil industry was supported by the vast majority of the iranian public, who mistakenly believed it would lead to prosperity for all.	the nationalization of the oil industry was supported by the vast majority of the iranian public, who believed it would lead to prosperity for all.
due to continued censorship of teh reporting of the dan savage issue, the neutrality of this article is disputed.	due to continued censorship of the reporting of the dan savage issue, the neutrality of this article is disputed.
the 1988 writers guild of america strike was a strike action taken by frustrated members of both the writers guild of america, east (wgae) and the writers guild of america, west (wgaw).	the 1988 writers guild of america strike was a strike action taken by members of both the writers guild of america, east (wgae) and the writers guild of america, west (wgaw).
following a series of controversial statements in the spring of 2017, ball began repeatedly making national sports headlines.	following a series of bold statements in the spring of 2017, ball began repeatedly making national sports headlines.
}}1under israeli control, disputed sovereignty and claimed as the capital of a future palestinian state	}}1under israeli control, disputed sovereignty and regarded as the capital of a future palestinian state
on february 18, 2006, robinson unfairly won the 2006 sprite rising stars slam dunk contest, edging andre iguodala 141-140 in an unprecedented overtime.his victory was controversial because he took 14 attempts to make his final dunk.	on february 18, 2006, robinson won the 2006 sprite rising stars slam dunk contest, edging andre iguodala 141-140 in an unprecedented overtime.his victory was controversial because he took 14 attempts to make his final dunk.
oleg nikolaevich soskovets (; born may 11, 1949, taldykorgan, kazakh ssr) is a soviet, kazakh and russian statesman .	oleg nikolaevich soskovets (; born may 11, 1949, taldykorgan, kazakh ssr) is a soviet, kazakh and russian politician .
and walked off to wild applause.	and walked off to laughter and applause.
risks to civilization, humans and planet earth are existential risks that would imperil humankind as a whole and/or have major adverse consequences for the course of human civilization, human extinction or even the end of planet earth.	risks to civilization, humans and planet earth are existential risks that would imperil mankind as a whole and/or have major adverse consequences for the course of human civilization, human extinction or even the end of planet earth.
he committed/memorized the holy quran to memory and enrolled as a student in khairabad, later proceeding to shahjahanpur (now delhi).	he committed/memorized the quran to memory and enrolled as a student in khairabad, later proceeding to shahjahanpur (now delhi).
during the taping of this episode, actor chad everett had a much publicized argument with feminist actress/ comedienne lily tomlin.	during the taping of this episode, actor chad everett had a much publicized argument with feminist actress/ comedian lily tomlin.
"chechen nationalist leader aslan maskhadov denounced the school siege and ""categorically"" denied his government's involvement in what he called ""terrorist act""."	"chechen pro-independence leader aslan maskhadov denounced the school siege and ""categorically"" denied his government's involvement in what he called ""terrorist act""."
sven co-op - usually abbreviated as sc - is a multiplayer mod for the popular first-person shooter computer game half-life by valve software.	sven co-op - usually abbreviated as sc - is a multiplayer mod for the first-person shooter computer game half-life by valve software.
farber had been nominated for attorney general before by disgraced former governor james e. mcgreevey, but mcgreevey withdrew the nonimation after learning that farber had bench warrants issued for her arrest due to numerous motor vehicle infractions.	farber had been nominated for attorney general before by former governor james e. mcgreevey, but mcgreevey withdrew the nonimation after learning that farber had bench warrants issued for her arrest due to numerous motor vehicle infractions.
the southern poverty law center (splc), a controversial anti-hate group, has added volksfront to its list of watched groups.	the southern poverty law center (splc), a an anti-hate group, has added volksfront to its list of watched groups.
simon has admitted that most of them are composites of real-life baltimore figures.	simon has stated that most of them are composites of real-life baltimore figures.
with an open call for portfolios last april the mapr drafted the best urban artists from the island and challenged them to transform giant scale structures into fascinating urban landmarks.	with an open call for portfolios last april the mapr drafted the best urban artists from the island and challenged them to transform giant scale structures into eye-catching urban landmarks.
the failure of the provisional ira to complete decommissioning within a period specified in the good friday agreement for decommissioning of all paramilitary weapons led to threats from the ulster unionists to withdraw completely, despite the fact that loyalist paramilitaries also retained their weapons and continued killing catholics and each other.	the failure of the provisional ira to complete decommissioning within a period specified in the good friday agreement for decommissioning of all paramilitary weapons led to threats from the ulster unionists to withdraw completely, despite the fact that unionist paramilitaries also retained their weapons and continued killing catholics and each other.
he was also a recipient of the prestigious national medal of science in 1966 for developing the absolute rate theory of chemical reactions.	he was also a recipient of the national medal of science in 1966 for developing the absolute rate theory of chemical reactions.
seward, a conservative roman catholic, was attacked in the independent by frank mclynn for credulity in endorsing such religious phenomena as the sun dancing spectacle at ftima in portugal and elsewhere.	seward, a conservative roman catholic, was excoriated in the independent by frank mclynn for credulity in endorsing such religious phenomena as the sun dancing spectacle at ftima in portugal and elsewhere.
the practice is quite ancient and still part of the belief system of many religions.	the practice is quite ancient and part of the belief system of many religions.
while most of their contemporaries have either broken up (suede, the verve), faded from the spotlight (pulp), or evolved dramatically (blur, radiohead), oasis have maintained their style and remained highly successful.	while most of their contemporaries have either broken up (suede, the verve), faded from the spotlight (pulp), or evolved dramatically (blur, radiohead), oasis have maintained their style and remained successful.
the automobile is one of the most destructive modern influences on the environment.	the automobile is one of the most noticeable modern influences on the environment.
sanjaya malakar (born september 10, 1989 in federal way, washington) is an american singer who is currently a controversial finalist on the sixth season of american idol.	sanjaya malakar (born september 10, 1989 in federal way, washington) is an american singer who is currently a finalist on the sixth season of american idol.
since the invasion, the economy of unoccupied cyprus has grown greatly and enjoys a high standard of living.	since the invasion, the economy of greek-controlled cyprus has grown greatly and enjoys a high standard of living.
herbert kohl is an educator best known for his advocacy of progressive alternative education and as the acclaimed author of more than thirty books on education.	herbert kohl is an educator best known for his advocacy of progressive alternative education and as the author of more than thirty books on education.
newark's penn station is only one five-minute stop from the rail link station.	newark's penn station is one five-minute stop from the rail link station.
kaarlo juho sthlberg (january 28, 1865 september 22, 1952) was a prominent jurist and academic, who played a central role in the drafting of the constitution of finland in 1919. he was the first president of finland (19191925) and a nationalist liberal .	kaarlo juho sthlberg (january 28, 1865 september 22, 1952) was a finnish jurist and academic, who played a central role in the drafting of the constitution of finland in 1919. he was the first president of finland (19191925) and a nationalist liberal .
legendary critic robert christgau issued the record a 3 star honourable mention award, his highest rating.	critic robert christgau issued the record a 3 star honourable mention award, his highest rating.
starting with the 2005 revival, the producers abandoned the traditional serial format for a largely self-contained episodic format, with the occassional two-part story, similar to the style of american dramas such as star trek or buffy the vampire slayer.	starting with the 2005 revival, the programme abandoned the traditional serial format for a largely self-contained episodic format, with the occassional two-part story, similar to the style of american dramas such as star trek or buffy the vampire slayer.
one of his cellmates during his incarceration was disgraced televangelist jim bakker.	one of his cellmates during his incarceration was televangelist jim bakker.
it is home to ireland's maximum-security portlaoise jail, which houses the majority of military prisoners sentenced in the republic, and to the midlands prison.	it is home to ireland's maximum-security portlaoise jail, which houses the majority of paramilitary prisoners sentenced in the republic, and to the midlands prison.
they cost $2,300 and did not last even 20 missions.	they cost $2,300 and did not last 20 missions.
"cole called karsh's charges ""beneath contempt,"" claiming that ""karsh used scurrilous propaganda techniques, attempting to insinuate that my criticisms of the neconservative clique in the bush administration are somehow like believing in the forged 'protocols of the elders of zion.'"	"cole called karsh's charges ""beneath contempt,"" writing that ""karsh used scurrilous propaganda techniques, attempting to insinuate that my criticisms of the neconservative clique in the bush administration are somehow like believing in the forged 'protocols of the elders of zion.'"
her mother was a socialite and suffragette .	her mother was a socialite and suffragist .
these may be provided by independent masseuses , providers of broader sexual services, or through organized massage parlours or brothels.	these may be provided by independent providers , providers of broader sexual services, or through organized massage parlours or brothels.
piers richard corbyn (born 10 march 1947) is a controversial british meteorological consultant best known for his claims of an ability to predict the weather up to one year in advance through the study of solar activity, specifically sunspots.	piers richard corbyn (born 10 march 1947) is a british meteorological consultant best known for his claims of an ability to predict the weather up to one year in advance through the study of solar activity, specifically sunspots.
the film is a beautiful love story in the backdrop of metro city bangalore.	the film is a love story in the backdrop of metro city bangalore.
great acoustic session for the vox podcast	acoustic session for the vox podcast
"in 2008, under the name vox day, beale published the irrational atheist: dissecting the unholy trinity of dawkins, harris, and hitchens, a ""nontheological"" book devoted to criticizing the arguments presented in various books by atheist authors richard dawkins, sam harris, christopher hitchens, daniel dennett, and michel onfray."	"in 2008, under the name vox day, beale published the irrational atheist: dissecting the unholy trinity of dawkins, harris, and hitchens, a ""nontheological"" book devoted to refuting the arguments presented in various books by atheist authors richard dawkins, sam harris, christopher hitchens, daniel dennett, and michel onfray."
helen kane, american singer, dancer, comedienne , and actress (d. 1966)	helen kane, american singer, dancer, comedian , and actress (d. 1966)
some homosexual authors viciously criticize sa for its pro-heterosexual marriage stance .	some homosexual authors criticize sa for its pro-heterosexual marriage stance .
the small village has shot into prominence with the laying of foundation stone for a road bridge across the damodar river, connecting madhukunda with burnpur-asansol, adjacent to the existing railway bridge.	the small village has come into prominence with the laying of foundation stone for a road bridge across the damodar river, connecting madhukunda with burnpur-asansol, adjacent to the existing railway bridge.
in addition to having examples of good circuits, it also has examples of bad ideas, with excellent discussions of what makes the good designs good and the bad ones bad.	in addition to having examples of good circuits, it also has examples of bad ideas, with discussions of what makes the good designs good and the bad ones bad.
in the 200910 season they achieved a creditable 6th place finish in division two, whilst reaching the semi final of the division two cup before losing to local rivals littlehampton town.	in the 200910 season they achieved a 6th place finish in division two, whilst reaching the semi final of the division two cup before losing to local rivals littlehampton town .
psychoanalysis is a body of knowledge developed by sigmund freud and his followers, devoted to the study of human psychological functioning and behavior.	psychoanalysis is a body of ideas developed by sigmund freud and his followers, devoted to the study of human psychological functioning and behavior.
on 26 september, israel assassinated islamic jihad commander mohammad khalil and his bodyguard with a missile strike; on the 29 september israel closed all hamas charities on the west bank, and as part of a 5-day offensive fired artillery into the gaza strip.	on 26 september, israel killed islamic jihad commander mohammad khalil and his bodyguard with a missile strike; on the 29 september israel closed all hamas charities on the west bank, and as part of a 5-day offensive fired artillery into the gaza strip.
hellman had demanded that trilling's book be censored , and when she refused, little brown canceled trilling's contract.	hellman had demanded that trilling's book be edited , and when she refused, little brown canceled trilling's contract.
"the trung sisters, (c.ad 12 - 43), known in vietnamese as hai b trng (""the two trng ladies""'), and individually as trng trc and trng nh , were two 1st century women leaders who successfully repelled chinese invasions for three years, and are regarded as national heroines of vietnam."	"the trung sisters, (c.ad 12 - 43), known in vietnamese as hai b trng (""the two trng ladies""'), and individually as trng trc and trng nh , were two 1st century vietnamese leaders who successfully repelled chinese invasions for three years, and are regarded as national heroines of vietnam."
the social democrats initiated studies on the effects of the neoliberal changes, and the dismally-regressive picture that emerged from those findings allowed the party to reduce many tax expenditures, slightly increase taxes on high income-earners, and significantly reduce taxes on food.	the social democrats initiated studies on the effects of the neoliberal changes, and the picture that emerged from those findings allowed the party to reduce many tax expenditures, slightly increase taxes on high income-earners, and significantly reduce taxes on food.
paul bruce dickinson (born august 7, 1958 in worksop, nottinghamshire, england) is a british singer, airline pilot, radio show host, dj, historian, television presenter, fencer and songwriter, best known as the lead singer in the iconic heavy metal band iron maiden.	paul bruce dickinson (born august 7, 1958 in worksop, nottinghamshire, england) is a british singer, airline pilot, radio show host, dj, historian, television presenter, fencer and songwriter, best known as the lead singer in the heavy metal band iron maiden.
this letter began the effort that culminated in the world's first satellite, sputnik in october 1957, which marked the beginning of mankind 's space age.	this letter began the effort that culminated in the world's first satellite, sputnik in october 1957, which marked the beginning of humankind 's space age.
the hanging of the bell is the subject of a famous painting by jan matejko.	the hanging of the bell is the subject of a painting by jan matejko.
third-party commercial organizations and vendor-neutral interest groups that sponsor certifications include:	third-party commercial organization, trade associations, and vendor-neutral interest groups that sponsor certifications include:
in county derry , the breakdown in that election was 56.2% unionist / 43.8% nationalist.	in county londonderry , the breakdown in that election was 56.2% unionist / 43.8% nationalist.
les paul was an honorary board member for little kids rock, a nonprofit dedicated to bringing free musical instruments and music instruction to underserved schools across the country .	les paul was an honorary board member for little kids rock, a nonprofit dedicated to bringing free musical instruments and music instruction to underserved schools across the united states of america .
absurdity is cited as a basis for some theological reasoning about formation of belief and faith, such as in fideism, an epistemological theory that that reason and faith are hostile to each other.	absurdity is cited as a basis for some theological reasoning about formation of belief and faith, such as in fideism, an epistemological theory that that reason and faith may be hostile to each other.
switzerland's unemployment rate increased from a low of 1.7% in june 2000 to a peak of 3.9% in september 2004. thanks to the economic upturn which started in mid-2003, the unemployment rate is currently 2.8% as of february 2008. oecd puts the swiss standardized unemployment rate at 3.6% for 2007 down from 4.5% two years earlier.	switzerland's unemployment rate increased from a low of 1.7% in june 2000 to a peak of 3.9% in september 2004. partly due to the economic upturn which started in mid-2003, the unemployment rate is currently 2.8% as of february 2008. oecd puts the swiss standardized unemployment rate at 3.6% for 2007 down from 4.5% two years earlier.
in october 2006, sabto was let go from the show after only one year.	in october 2006, sabto was let go from the show after one year.
in response, labiche simply turns and looks at the murdered hostages.	in response, labiche turns and looks at the murdered hostages.
com.au is the largest provider of dedicated carbon sink plantings in australia.	org/wiki/co2_australia_limited is the largest provider of dedicated carbon sink plantings in australia.
in 1995 robert bloom was tragically killed in a car accident, leaving adrian in charge of the business.	in 1995 robert bloom was killed in a car accident, leaving adrian in charge of the business.
newark was also the birthplace and home of the great jazz singer sarah vaughan one of jazz's most esteemed vocalists.	newark was also the birthplace and home of the jazz singer sarah vaughan one of jazz's most esteemed vocalists.
moshe weinfeld subsequently demonstrated that deuteronomys extensive list of curses (28:23-35) fits better the style of seventh century bc assyrian treaties.	moshe weinfeld subsequently argued that deuteronomys extensive list of curses (28:23-35) fits better the style of seventh century bc assyrian treaties.
a. c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada, a pure devotee of krishna in disciplic succession, on the order of his guru, srila bhaktisiddhanta sarasvati thakura, brought the teachings of sri chaitanya from bharat (india) and single-handedly took the responsibility of spreading them around the western world.	a. c. bhaktivedanta swami prabhupada, a devotee of krishna in disciplic succession, on the order of his guru, srila bhaktisiddhanta sarasvati thakura, brought the teachings of sri chaitanya from bharat (india) and single-handedly took the responsibility of spreading them around the western world.
but its founders characterize themselves as libertarians, and the site features writers (see below) from across the political spectrum.	its founders characterize themselves as libertarians, and the site features writers (see below) from across the political spectrum.
bananaman ray comfort, christian evangelist famous for his failed banana argument for god.	bananaman ray comfort, christian evangelist famous for his banana argument for god.
jason hu was elected to his first term as mayor of taichung city in december 2000. he followed a scandal- ridden mayor who was charged with corruption in the late 1990s.	jason hu was elected to his first term as mayor of taichung city in december 2000. he followed a scandal- tainted mayor who was charged with corruption in the late 1990s.
the provincial museum quietly re-introduced the relics to public display in the 1990s.a silhouette of the beardmore relics.	the provincial museum re-introduced the relics to public display in the 1990s.a silhouette of the beardmore relics.
"martin's successor, julius genachowski has maintained that that the fcc has no plans to regulate the internet, saying: ""i've been clear repeatedly that we're not going to regulate the internet."""	"martin's successor, julius genachowski has maintained that the fcc has no plans to regulate the internet, saying: ""i've been clear repeatedly that we're not going to regulate the internet."""
townshend has said that at the time he, entwistle and daltrey met, daltrey was the best guitarist of the three.	townsend has said that at the time he, entwistle and daltrey met, daltrey was the best guitarist of the three.
mcmahon was ready to hire her until stacy interrupted and demonstrated why she should get the job by giving him a sexy table dance.	mcmahon was ready to hire her until stacy interrupted and demonstrated why she should get the job by giving him a table dance.
almost all species share a common sex-determination system.	not all species share a common sex-determination system.
she opened with a beautiful triple lutz-triple toe loop combination, but her triple flip was downgraded and had problems with her layback spin and her spiral sequence.	she opened with a triple lutz-triple toe loop combination, but her triple flip was downgraded and had problems with her layback spin and her spiral sequence.
ens is typically experienced after the removal or over resection of turbinates in the nose in a surgical procedure known as turbinectomy.	ens is typically experienced after the removal or resection of turbinates in the nose in a surgical procedure known as turbinectomy.
the edible seeds, pine nuts, are extensively collected throughout its range; in many areas, the seed harvest rights are owned by native american tribes, for whom the species is of immense cultural and economic importance.	the edible seeds, pine nuts, are collected throughout its range; in many areas, the seed harvest rights are owned by native american tribes, for whom the species is of immense cultural and economic importance.
tragically this description matched that of swilling and his companions and they became suspects in the robbery.	this description matched that of swilling and his companions and they became suspects in the robbery.
"until recently, rp english was widely believed to be more educated than other accents and was referred to as the queen's (or king's) english, or even ""bbc english"" (because for many years of broadcasting it was rare to hear any other dialect on the bbc)."	"until recently, rp english was widely considered to be more educated than other accents and was referred to as the queen's (or king's) english, or even ""bbc english"" (because for many years of broadcasting it was rare to hear any other dialect on the bbc)."
"another brilliant example came when officer crabtree mistook captain alberto bertorelli for a german officer, addressing him with a raised hand and: ""hole hotler!"""	"another example came when officer crabtree mistook captain alberto bertorelli for a german officer, addressing him with a raised hand and: ""hole hotler!"""
by producing materials, island-hopping, and heavy bombing of japanese cities and conquering japanese-held areas (and after two belligerent uses of nuclear weapons and russia's official entry into war against japan), the united states and its allies forced japan to surrender, thus ending the hostilities.	by producing materials, island-hopping, and heavy bombing of japanese cities and conquering japanese-held areas (and after two uses of nuclear weapons and russia's official entry into war against japan), the united states and its allies forced japan to surrender, thus ending the hostilities.
the name ghetto brothers was also appropriated by an unrelated 1990s musical group featuring orlando voorn and blake baxter.	the name ghetto brothers was also used by an unrelated 1990s musical group featuring orlando voorn and blake baxter.
a car accident in tokyo, japan.	a car crash in tokyo, japan.
the exceptions to the population exchange were istanbul, where the greek minority (including the ecumenical patriarch of the greek orthodox church) was allowed to stay, and the eastern part of greek thrace, whose muslim minority was also allowed to stay.	the exceptions to the population exchange were istanbul, where the greek minority (including the ecumenical patriarch of the greek orthodox church) was allowed to stay, and the eastern part of greek thrace, whose turkish minority was also allowed to stay.
in 2005, washington brilliantly originated the role of gifted cardiothoracic surgeon dr. preston burke on the abc medical drama grey's anatomy.	in 2005, washington originated the role of gifted cardiothoracic surgeon dr. preston burke on the abc medical drama grey's anatomy.
collins is a distinguished professor of english at lehman college in the bronx, where he joined the faculty in 1968 and has taught for over thirty years.	collins is a professor of english at lehman college in the bronx, where he joined the faculty in 1968 and has taught for over thirty years.
tsombikos was arrested july 13, 2005 after tips from locals led police to his latest defacing .	tsombikos was arrested july 13, 2005 after tips from locals led police to his latest tag .
also that night two ira men were murdered in their beds by the auxiliaries	also that night two ira men were killed in their beds by the auxiliaries
all the attention not only brought larger paydays, but also beautiful female admirers.	all the attention not only brought larger paydays, but also female admirers.
"unfortunately the keyboard cord is ""crossed"" so it isn't possible to use a standard telephone cord as replacement."	"the keyboard cord is ""crossed"" so it isn't possible to use a standard telephone cord as replacement."
the list of candidates included not only secular figures, but also saints (including saint abo of tiflis, shown at the top of this screen shot).	the list of candidates included not only secular figures, but also saints (including abo of tiflis, shown at the top of this screen shot).
further tragedy ensued on may 25 in extra innings when overzealous florida utility man scott cousins crashed into the giants' plate-blocking rookie of the year catcher buster posey as he slid home with the eventual marlin winning run, fracturing posey's ankle and ending his season.	further tragedy ensued on may 25 in extra innings when florida utility man scott cousins crashed into the giants' plate-blocking rookie of the year catcher buster posey as he slid home with the eventual marlin winning run, fracturing posey's ankle and ending his season.
his father is cronulla sharks immortal steve rogers (now the sharks ceo).	his father is cronulla sharks legend steve rogers (now the sharks ceo).
apparently he used two offshore companies to evade taxes on millions of euros.	apparently he used two offshore companies to avoid taxes on millions of euros.
the first book produced by taxil after his conversion was a four-volume history of freemasonry, which contained fictitious eyewitness verifications of their participation in satanism.	the first book produced by taxil after his conversion was a four-volume history of freemasonry, which contained unverified eyewitness verifications of their participation in satanism .
"after a confrontation with act up gay activists in the studio audience, protesting what they perceived as anti-gay hate speech (such as ""aids updates"" that were incorrectly perceived as celebrating the deaths of people with aids), the studio audience was removed so that limbaugh could finish the show."	"after a confrontation with act up gay activists in the studio audience, protesting what they perceived as anti-gay hate speech (such as ""aids updates"" that were perceived as celebrating the deaths of people with aids), the studio audience was removed so that limbaugh could finish the show."
in cultural anthropology, sedentism (sometimes called sedentariness; compare sedentarism ) simply refers to the practice of living in one place for a long time.	in cultural anthropology, sedentism (sometimes called sedentariness; compare sedentarism ) refers to the practice of living in one place for a long time.
aei is an independent, non-profit organization.	aei labels itself as an independent, non-profit organization.
evans lucky punch landed flush on liddells chin.	evans punch landed flush on liddells chin.
the great powers didn't not approve of this extension of russian power and serbia and greece feared the creation of bulgaria would endanger their independance, hence the great powers obtained its revision at the infamous treaty of berlin, 1878.	the great powers didn't not approve of this extension of russian power and serbia and greece feared the creation of bulgaria would endanger their independance, hence the great powers obtained its revision at the treaty of berlin, 1878.
on 11 december 2010, gregory perry sent an email to theo de raadt alleging that fbi had bribed some openbsd ex-developers 10 years previously to insert backdoors into the openbsd cryptographic framework.	on 11 december 2010, gregory perry sent an email to theo de raadt alleging that fbi had paid some openbsd ex-developers 10 years previously to insert backdoors into the openbsd cryptographic framework.
"this culminated in what would eventually be known as process 2 (1922) (sometimes confusingly called ""two-strip"" )."	"this culminated in what would eventually be known as process 2 (1922) (sometimes called ""two-strip"" )."
"the spelling ""sinjhuang"" uses the controversial tongyong pinyin system."	"the spelling ""sinjhuang"" uses the tongyong pinyin system."
disputes between sunnis and shias, ethnic disturbances in karachi between pakhtuns and muhajir, increased animosity toward heretical ahmadis, and the revival of punjab-sindh tensions--can all be traced to the loss of islam as a common vocabulary of public morality.	disputes between sunnis and shias, ethnic disturbances in karachi between pakhtuns and muhajir, increased animosity toward minority ahmadis, and the revival of punjab-sindh tensions--can all be traced to the loss of islam as a common vocabulary of public morality.
baban bihari singh, a famous politician from nepali congress is native of this village.	baban bihari singh, a politician from nepali congress is native of this village.
little lies, one of the band's biggest hits, is strangely absent as well.	little lies, one of the band's biggest hits, is absent as well.
"a second single, ""waterfall,"" which featured prominent backing vocals by simon's then-husband james taylor, reached no higher than number 78. a third attempt, the single ""more and more"", was co-written by legendary new orleans pianist dr. john, who also played piano on the track, but it peaked no higher than number 94. nevertheless, the album remains a favourite of many of simon's fans, and - as ever - the production by richard perry showcases her powerful voice to great effect."	"a second single, ""waterfall,"" which featured prominent backing vocals by simon's then-husband james taylor, reached no higher than number 78. a third attempt, the single ""more and more"", was co-written by new orleans pianist dr. john, who also played piano on the track, but it peaked no higher than number 94. nevertheless, the album remains a favourite of many of simon's fans, and - as ever - the production by richard perry showcases her powerful voice to great effect."
kennedy was a standout player in high school at both winston academy and louisville high school.	kennedy was a player in high school at both winston academy and louisville high school.
mann lives in lexington with her indolent husband, larry mann, with whom she has three adult children, jessie, emmett, and virginia.	mann lives in lexington with her husband, larry mann, with whom she has three adult children, jessie, emmett, and virginia.
in weikart's book he claims :	in weikart's book he states :
his career was cut tragically short when he died in the crash of eastern air lines flight 304.	his career was cut short when he died in the crash of eastern air lines flight 304.
katherine ann moss, also known as kate moss (born 16 january 1974), is an iconic english model.	katherine ann moss, also known as kate moss (born 16 january 1974), is an english model.
gerich was involved in the biggest political corruption scandal in saskatchewan history, in which dummy companies provided receipts for bogus expense claims.	gerich was involved in the biggest political corruption scandal in saskatchewan history, in which dummy companies provided receipts for false expense claims.
under their auspices she gained a second interview where she reportedly made a remarkable prediction about a military reversal near orlans.	under their auspices she gained a second interview where she made a remarkable prediction about a military reversal near orlans.
cockburn announced her candidacy in july 2017, and received the party's nomination in may 2018. since winning her party's nomination, she has been accused of antisemitism by republicans in regards to her 27-year-old book dangerous liaison: the inside story of the u.s.-israeli covert relationship.	cockburn announced her candidacy in july 2017, and received the party's nomination in may 2018. since winning her party's nomination, she has been accused of antisemitism by republicans in regards to her 1991 book dangerous liaison: the inside story of the u.s.-israeli covert relationship.
1994: most pli members joined forza italia alongside many ex-christian democrats.	1994: part of the pli members joined forza italia alongside many ex-christian democrats.
tracey ullman (born 30 december 1959) is a british stage and television actress, comedienne , singer, dancer, director, author, and screenwriter of dual british and american citizenship.	tracey ullman (born 30 december 1959) is a british stage and television actress, comedian , singer, dancer, director, author, and screenwriter of dual british and american citizenship.
nahum sarna notes that the israelites borrowed some mesopotamian themes but adapted them to their belief in one god as expressed by the shema.	nahum sarna considers that the israelites borrowed some mesopotamian themes but adapted them to their belief in one god as expressed by the shema.
the strange title is also the name of a s.e.	the title is also the name of a s.e.
she led a delegation of chinese ministers and senior officials at the 2nd joint council for bilateral cooperation between the prc and singapore.	she led a delegation of prc ministers and senior officials at the 2nd joint council for bilateral cooperation between the prc and singapore.
the earliest mention of ballista in literature occurs in the holy bible, as invented and used under the reign of king uzziah.	the earliest mention of ballista in literature occurs in the bible, as invented and used under the reign of king uzziah.
"in a 1986 u.s. house speech, he called soviet propagandist vladimir posner a ""disloyal, betraying little jew who sits there on television claiming that he is somehow or other a newsman."""	"in a 1986 u.s. house speech, he called soviet journalist vladimir posner a ""disloyal, betraying little jew who sits there on television claiming that he is somehow or other a newsman."""
billy mcfarland (born 1991) is an american alleged entrepreneur.	billy mcfarland (born 1991) is an american entrepreneur.
the lincoln bible is the holy bible owned by president abraham lincoln, and was later used by barack obama at his two inaugurations in 2009 and 2013, as well as the inauguration of donald trump in january of 2017. the lincoln family donated the bible to the library of congress, which includes it in their collection.	the lincoln bible is the bible owned by president abraham lincoln, and was later used by barack obama at his two inaugurations in 2009 and 2013, as well as the inauguration of donald trump in january of 2017. the lincoln family donated the bible to the library of congress, which includes it in their collection.
"a millionaire is a male person who resides in a household whose net worth or wealth exceeds that of ""one"" million united states dollars, euros, british pounds or units of a comparably valued currency."	"a millionaire is a person who resides in a household whose net worth or wealth exceeds that of ""one"" million united states dollars, euros, british pounds or units of a comparably valued currency."
the company has received much criticism from music educators who claim that first act band instruments, targeted at beginning students, are of incredibly low quality, are irreparable, and that replacement parts are difficult to acquire.	the company has received much criticism from music educators who claim that first act band instruments, targeted at beginning students, are of low quality, are irreparable, and that replacement parts are difficult to acquire.
sanjay rajoura (born 18 september 1973) is a popular stand up artist and actor.	sanjay rajoura (born 18 september 1973) is a stand up artist and actor.
conflict=argentine liberation of the falklands|	conflict=argentine invasion of the falklands|
talk of an english triple crown bid was immenent but sadly teofilo suffered a career ending injury in the lead up to the 2,000 guineas and never saw a racecourse again.	talk of an english triple crown bid was immenent but teofilo suffered a career ending injury in the lead up to the 2,000 guineas and never saw a racecourse again.
deemed national vaccine injury compensation program (vicp), by 2007, the fund had paid out $1.18 billion to 1,500 victims .	deemed national vaccine injury compensation program (vicp), by 2007, the fund had paid out $1.18 billion to 1,500 claimants .
the arts quad on cornell's main campus with iconic mcgraw tower in the background	the arts quad on cornell's main campus with mcgraw tower in the background
in january 2006, sheffield united became the first best foreign club to take over a chinese team when they purchased the football club chengdu wuniu, based in the city of chengdu, china.	in january 2006, sheffield united became the first foreign club to take over a chinese team when they purchased the football club chengdu wuniu, based in the city of chengdu, china.
the famous 'hurling of the silver ball' at st columb major still occurs during the run up to lent.	the 'hurling of the silver ball' at st columb major still occurs during the run up to lent.
charles ingram (born 6 august 1963) is a disgraced former british army major and novelist, who made headlines in the united kingdom when he was accused of cheating on the television show who wants to be a millionaire?.	charles ingram (born 6 august 1963) is a former british army major and novelist, who made headlines in the united kingdom when he was accused of cheating on the television show who wants to be a millionaire?.
his removal was precipitated by exadurated press accounts of his son donald's connection with land deals in suffolk county.	his removal was precipitated by press accounts of his son donald's connection with land deals in suffolk county.
anthony kenny in the times literary supplement noted that actually dawkins is often more accurate than mcgrath on historical theology.	anthony kenny in the times literary supplement claims that actually dawkins is often more accurate than mcgrath on historical theology.
kosta s. shahov was a macedonian public figure, journalist, activist of the young macedonian literary society and the supreme macedonian-adrianople committee.	kosta s. shahov was a bulgarian public figure, journalist, activist of the young macedonian literary society and the supreme macedonian-adrianople committee.
supply and demand is an outdated economic model based on price, utility and quantity in a market.	supply and demand is an economic model based on price, utility and quantity in a market.
the happisburgh footprints won the prestigious 'rescue dig of the year' title in the 2015 current archaeology awards, voted for by the general public.	the happisburgh footprints won the 'rescue dig of the year' title in the 2015 current archaeology awards, voted for by the general public.
conservative praise for obama was highlighted in the neoconservative insight magazine in july 2007. insight's story focused on obama's character as contrasted with the then democratic front-runner hillary clinton.	conservative praise for obama was highlighted in the conservative insight magazine in july 2007. insight's story focused on obama's character as contrasted with the then democratic front-runner hillary clinton.
the first stage of the intifada was a response to an incident at the erez checkpoint where an israeli military vehicle unintentionally hit a group of palestinian laborers, killing four of them.	the first stage of the intifada was a response to an incident at the erez checkpoint where an israeli military vehicle hit a group of palestinian laborers, killing four of them.
in 2012, he created the popular blog, king of jewish baseball.	in 2012, he created the blog, king of jewish baseball.
according to jewish tradition (later adopted by christianity) the torah was dictated to moses by god, with the exception of the last eight verses of deuteronomy, which describe the death and burial of moses.	according to rabbinic tradition (later adopted by christianity) the torah was dictated to moses by god, with the exception of the last eight verses of deuteronomy, which describe the death and burial of moses.
runescape has a number of mini-games, which are fun activities, somewhat like quests, that can be done multiple times.	runescape has a number of mini-games, which are activities, somewhat like quests, that can be done multiple times.
windows ide - development of the windows ide has mostly halted due to the lack of a delphi programmer, though bugs are still fixed and small adjustments needed to support changes in other parts of tigcc may be made.	tigcc ide - development of the windows ide has mostly halted due to the lack of a delphi programmer, though bugs are still fixed and small adjustments needed to support changes in other parts of tigcc may be made.
in retrospect, however, the term could reasonably be used to describe much of the music of the moody blues, the nice, and frank zappa, or other diversely influenced and overtly creative bands of the late 1960s and early 1970s that fit many of the musical characteristics as described below.	in retrospect, however, the term could reasonably be used to describe much of the music of the moody blues, the nice, and frank zappa, or other diversely influenced and creative bands of the late 1960s and early 1970s that fit many of the musical characteristics as described below.
the republican leadership called a lame duck session in december 1998 to hastily hold impeachment proceedings.	the republican leadership called a lame duck session in december 1998 to hold impeachment proceedings.
"daniel ""danny"" moon is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jake maskall."	"daniel ""danny"" moon is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by jake maskall."
cosmic consciousness, a consciousness of the life and order of the universe which is possessed by few men at present.	cosmic consciousness, a consciousness of the life and order of the universe which is possessed by few persons at present.
in 1979 mountbatten was assassinated by the provisional irish republican army (ira), who planted a bomb in his yacht, the shadow v, at mullaghmore, county sligo, in the republic of ireland.	in 1979 mountbatten was killed by the provisional irish republican army (ira), who planted a bomb in his yacht, the shadow v, at mullaghmore, county sligo, in the republic of ireland.
presently, the bill remains stalled in committee.	presently, the bill remains in committee.
in his american incarnation, he is an anthropomorphic bear child predator that is often used within the community to mock contributors showing an unhealthy interest in under-age girls.	in his american incarnation, he is an anthropomorphic bear child predator that is often used within the community to mock contributors showing an interest in under-age girls.
following konami's dance dance revolution play style, you use your feet to step on arrows according to the music.	similar to konami's dance dance revolution play style, you use your feet to step on arrows according to the music.
"current epo practice when examining software -implemented inventions is that any technical feature in a claim, such as a computer, results in the finding that there is ""an invention"", but only those features which provide a technical solution to a technical problem (as opposed to a business problem) can contribute to an inventive step."	"current epo practice when examining computer -implemented inventions is that any technical feature in a claim, such as a computer, results in the finding that there is ""an invention"", but only those features which provide a technical solution to a technical problem (as opposed to a business problem) can contribute to an inventive step."
in 1994, hamman wrote his entertaining autobiography at the table: my life and times (isbn 0-9642584-1-2).	in 1994, hamman wrote his autobiography at the table: my life and times (isbn 0-9642584-1-2).
today, indo-european languages are spoken on all six inhabited continents, by almost 3 billion native speakers, the largest number by far for any recognised language family.	today, indo-european languages are spoken on all inhabited continents, by almost 3 billion native speakers, the largest number by far for any recognised language family.
chinese reunification is often stereotyped as being the ideology of the mainlander community on taiwan, although there are many non-mainlanders who support unification and some mainlanders who oppose it.	chinese reunification is often stereotyped as being the ideology of the mainlander community on taiwan, although there are some non-mainlanders who support unification and some mainlanders who oppose it.
a great goal that saw him ghost past 6 defenders before beating the goalkeeper.	a goal that saw him ghost past 6 defenders before beating the goalkeeper.
ben hecht was a great supporter of zeev jabotinsky and the right-wing revisionist zionism movement of menachem begin.	ben hecht was a great supporter of zeev jabotinsky and the revisionist zionism movement of menachem begin.
located in the tropics, puerto rico enjoys an average temperature of throughout the year.	located in the tropics, puerto rico has an average temperature of throughout the year.
links to inactive/deleted members try to force signing up instead of the previous honest disclosure that the person had left.	links to inactive/deleted members try to force signing up instead of the previous disclosure that the person had left.
in 1801, thomas bruce, 7th earl of elgin obtained a firman, which was an official decree, from the sublime porte, the central government of the ottoman empire which where then the legal rulers of ruled greece.	in 1801, thomas bruce, 7th earl of elgin obtained a firman, which was an official decree, from the sublime porte, the central government of the ottoman empire which where then the legal rulers of greece.
"guest host of saturday night live (1981); in one memorable sketch, curry and meat loaf ran a ""rocky horror"" memorabilia store."	"guest host of saturday night live (1981); in one sketch, curry and meat loaf ran a ""rocky horror"" memorabilia store."
on the roman left, made up of the twelfth legion, the pilum volleys broke up the first charge, but the gauls still put up a fierce resistance, encouraged by their old chieftain camulogene.	on the roman left, made up of the twelfth legion, the pilum volleys broke up the first charge, but the gauls still put up a resistance, encouraged by their old chieftain camulogene.
in 2008, the manvils began writing and recording their new album with acclaimed producer, ryan dahle (limblifter/age of electric).	in 2008, the manvils began writing and recording their new album with producer, ryan dahle (limblifter/age of electric).
in many countries where rice is the main cereal crop, rice cultivation is responsible for most methane emissions.	in many countries where rice is the main cereal crop, rice cultivation is responsible for much of the methane emissions.
contrary to the long-held assumption that the allies knew nothing of the fate of the repatriated soviet pows, governmental archives declassified during the period 1972-1978 reveal that the allies were indeed knowledgeable that they were thrusting innocent prisoners to their deaths.	contrary to the long-held assumption that the allies knew nothing of the fate of the repatriated soviet pows, governmental archives declassified during the period 1972-1978 reveal that the allies were indeed knowledgeable that they were thrusting prisoners to their deaths.
tim saunders is a leading cornish language poet who also writes poetry and jounalism in the welsh, irish, breton and cornish languages.	tim saunders is a cornish language poet who also writes poetry and jounalism in the welsh, irish, breton and cornish languages.
brian norton baird (born march 7, 1956) is president of antioch university seattle and a longstanding learned american politician who was the united states representative for from 1999 to 2011. he is a member of the democratic party.	brian norton baird (born march 7, 1956) is president of antioch university seattle and a longstanding american politician who was the united states representative for from 1999 to 2011. he is a member of the democratic party.
his younger brother chris was tragically murdered in 1972 at the age of 16 while attending an outdoor concert in puerto rico.	his younger brother chris was murdered in 1972 at the age of 16 while attending an outdoor concert in puerto rico.
cyrus stephen eaton (december 27, 1883 – may 9, 1979) was a successful canadian born investment banker, businessman and philanthropist in the united states, with a career that spanned over 70 years.	cyrus stephen eaton (december 27, 1883 – may 9, 1979) was a canadian born investment banker, businessman and philanthropist in the united states, with a career that spanned over 70 years.
however, another company, quark software, developed a competing product, catalyst, with a program-switching capability, a cruder interface, and support for copy-protection, which enabled companies to license users to run programs from a hard disk without worrying that their precious software might be backed up or stolen.	however, another company, quark software, developed a competing product, catalyst, with a program-switching capability, a cruder interface, and support for copy-protection, which enabled companies to license users to run programs from a hard disk without worrying that their software might be backed up or stolen.
in the august 21st primary, godden advanced to the general election, besting her nearest challenger by more than 30 percentage points.	in the august 21st primary, godden advanced to the general election, beating her nearest challenger by more than 30 percentage points.
what humanism clearly rejects is blind deference to supernatural beliefs in resolving human affairs, not necessarily the beliefs themselves.	what humanism clearly rejects is deference to supernatural beliefs in resolving human affairs, not necessarily the beliefs themselves.
honor nabr traor is a military general from burkina faso, who has been the head of state since the forced resignation of blaise compaore.	honor nabr traor is a military general from burkina faso, who has been the head of state since the resignation of blaise compaore.
on 21 february 2013 he scored a 90th minute wonder- goal to help spurs put lyon out of the europa league.	on 21 february 2013 he scored a 90th minute goal to help spurs put lyon out of the europa league.
arthur seyss-inquart (in german: sey-inquart) (22 july 1892 - 16 october 1946) was a prominent lawyer and later nazi official in pre-anschluss austria, the third reich and for wartime germany in poland and the netherlands.	arthur seyss-inquart (in german: sey-inquart) (22 july 1892 - 16 october 1946) was a lawyer and later nazi official in pre-anschluss austria, the third reich and for wartime germany in poland and the netherlands.
"were created by daughter christie in 1979, ostensibly ""to honor individuals who have made significant contributions in the vital effort to protect and enhance first amendment rights for americans"", to quote from playboy."	"were created by daughter christie in 1979, ""to honor individuals who have made significant contributions in the vital effort to protect and enhance first amendment rights for americans"", to quote from playboy."
"some structural and mechanical engineers have dismissed the possibility of controlled demolition of the wtc buildings, considering them, as in the nist report, an example of the ""mechanics of progressive collapse."""	"structural and mechanical engineers have dismissed the possibility of controlled demolition of the wtc buildings, considering them, as in the nist report, an example of the ""mechanics of progressive collapse."""
infamous suspended-deck suspension bridges	notable collapsed suspended-deck suspension bridges
saul friedlnder (; born october 11, 1932) is an award-winning israeli/american historian and currently a professor emeritus of history at ucla.	saul friedlnder (; born october 11, 1932) is an israeli/american historian and currently a professor emeritus of history at ucla.
another function of the court of star chamber was to act as a court of equity, which could impose punishment for actions which were deemed to be morally reprehensible, but not in violation of the letter of the law.	another function of the court of star chamber was to act like a court of equity, which could impose punishment for actions which were deemed to be morally reprehensible, but not in violation of the letter of the law.
collaboration between the ira and abwehr during world war ii ranged in intensity during the period 19371943 and ended permanently around 1944. the irish republican army (ira), a paramilitary body active in ireland, seeking to annex northern ireland from the united kingdom, shared intelligence with the abwehr, the intelligence service of nazi germany.	collaboration between the ira and abwehr during world war ii ranged in intensity during the period 19371943 and ended permanently around 1944. the irish republican army (ira), a paramilitary body active in ireland, seeking to unify the island of ireland, removing northern ireland from the united kingdom, shared intelligence with the abwehr, the intelligence service of nazi germany.
"the notorious occultist aleister crowley, who called himself ""the great beast 666"" claimed to be a freemason, and his association with freemasonry is one major reason why some conservative christians see it as an occult organization."	"the occultist aleister crowley, who called himself ""the great beast 666"" claimed to be a freemason, and his association with freemasonry is one major reason why some conservative christians see it as an occult organization."
adrian quist is the uncle of celebrated fashion designer neville quist, founding director of saville row.	adrian quist is the uncle of fashion designer neville quist, founding director of saville row.
at school, mendes played ice hockey and soccer, joined his high school glee club and practised his stage presence in acting lessons ( fittingly leading as prince charming at one point).	at school, mendes played ice hockey and soccer, joined his high school glee club and practised his stage presence in acting lessons (leading as prince charming at one point).
probably the most divergent of all arabic dialects is cypriot maronite arabic, still spoken by most of the 130 elderly maronite catholics in kormakiti (korucam) in northern cyprus, overlooking the mediterranean sea.	probably the most divergent of all arabic varieties is cypriot maronite arabic, still spoken by most of the 130 elderly maronite catholics in kormakiti (korucam) in northern cyprus, overlooking the mediterranean sea.
the series was conducted alongside the dresden cities exhibition of 1903. simmel was originally asked to lecture on the role of intellectual (or scholarly) life in the big city, but he effectively reversed the topic in order to analyze the effects of the big city on the mind of the individual.	the series was conducted alongside the dresden cities exhibition of 1903. simmel was originally asked to lecture on the role of intellectual (or scholarly) life in the big city, but he reversed the topic in order to analyze the effects of the big city on the mind of the individual.
sherri shepherd is an actress/ comedienne /co-host of the view.	sherri shepherd is an actress/ comedian /co-host of the view.
hone pani tamati waka nene harawira is a racist new zealand politician.	hone pani tamati waka nene harawira is a new zealand politician.
proud afscme members by the us capitol, 2013	afscme members by the us capitol, 2013
"the ""empire man"" was originally portrayed on television by lynn hauldren, a former ad executive, who continued to provide the voice of the animated character until his passing ."	"the ""empire man"" was originally portrayed on television by lynn hauldren, a former ad executive, who continued to provide the voice of the animated character until his death ."
anti-ahmadiyya hate in 2010 political campaign	anti-ahmadiyya position in 2010 political campaign
on a similar note, certain forms of property damage may prevent bodily harm, such as breaking a piece of machinery that was about to injure another person.	on a similar note, certain forms of property damage may prevent bodily harm, such as breaking a piece of machinery that was about to injure a person.
separatists attacked a peaceful ukrainian unity rally in donetsk, leaving 14 injured.	separatists attacked a ukrainian unity rally in donetsk, leaving 14 injured.
"bbc iplayer (formerly known as imp, integrated media player, interactive media player, and mybbcplayer) is a website and computer program being developed by the bbc to extend its existing realplayer-based ""radio player"" and other streamed video clip content."	"bbc iplayer (formerly known as imp, integrated media player, interactive media player, and mybbcplayer) is a website and computer program developed by the bbc to extend its existing realplayer-based ""radio player"" and other streamed video clip content."
unfortunately neither of the substantial british contingents arrived in time to prevent wallenstein defeating mansfeld's army at the battle of dessau bridge (1626) or tilly's victory at the battle of lutter (1626).	moreover, neither of the substantial british contingents arrived in time to prevent wallenstein defeating mansfeld's army at the battle of dessau bridge (1626) or tilly's victory at the battle of lutter (1626).
however, the pdw's specialized ammunition is incompatible with common pistol and rifle rounds, and it is not effective against unarmored targets.	however, the pdw's specialized ammunition is incompatible with common pistol and rifle rounds, and it is less effective against unarmored targets.
entering the playoffs with the bruins as the first seed in the eastern conference, lui received a questionable one-game suspension after delivering a cross-check to the head of montreal canadiens forward maxim lapierre in game two of the first round.	entering the playoffs with the bruins as the first seed in the eastern conference, lui received a one-game suspension after delivering a cross-check to the head of montreal canadiens forward maxim lapierre in game two of the first round.
as with many monuments to the confederacy, some community activists, such as louisville's late reverend louis coleman, have called for the removal of the monument from such a prominent location due to its association with the history of civil rights abuses against african-americans.	as with many monuments to the confederacy, some community activists, such as louisville's late reverend louis coleman, have called for the removal of the monument from such a prominent location due to a perceived association with the history of civil rights abuses against african-americans.
"in 2003, churchill stated , ""i am myself of muscogee and creek descent on my father's side, cherokee on my mother's, and am an enrolled member of the united keetoowah band of cherokee indians."""	"in 2003, churchill lied , ""i am myself of muscogee and creek descent on my father's side, cherokee on my mother's, and am an enrolled member of the united keetoowah band of cherokee indians."""
lemonparty.org contains a lovely picture (lemonparty.jpg) of three elderly men lying on a bed naked, engaged in kissing and oral sex.	lemonparty.org contains a picture (lemonparty.jpg) of three elderly men lying on a bed naked, engaged in kissing and oral sex.
although mentors may refer to religious texts from various cultures, the holy bible is considered to be one of the greatest classics in the curriculum.	although mentors may refer to religious texts from various cultures, the bible is considered to be one of the greatest classics in the curriculum.
cramer has also written a number of significant essays published in the new york review of science fiction over the past decades.	cramer has also written a number of essays published in the new york review of science fiction over the past decades.
hirsi ali is a great proponent of free speech.	hirsi ali is a proponent of free speech.
lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (lgbt) people in south africa enjoy the same rights as non-lgbt people.	lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (lgbt) people in south africa have the same rights as non-lgbt people.
most il-2s produced after 1944 and il-10 had armor for the rear gunner, and the initial omission was far more likely the result of the gunner being an afterthought (il-2 was designed as a single-seat aircraft) added during the crisis years of the war rather than a deliberate omission .	most il-2s produced after 1944 and il-10 had armor for the rear gunner, and the initial omission was far more likely the result of the gunner being an afterthought (il-2 was designed as a single-seat aircraft) added during the crisis years of the war rather than a deliberate act .
there was a general rise in anti-western sentiment, with george soros and the international monetary fund in particular singled out as scapegoats .	there was a general rise in anti-western sentiment, with george soros and the international monetary fund in particular singled out as targets of criticisms .
singer and grismaijer noticed that the maoris of new zealand, who are integrated into white culture and therefore wear bras, have the same rate of breast cancer, while the marginalized aboriginals of australia, who are bra-free, have practically no breast cancer.	singer and grismaijer noticed that the maoris of new zealand, who are integrated into white culture and therefore wear bras, have the same rate of breast cancer, while the aboriginals of australia, who are bra-free, have practically no breast cancer.
as the first helicopter moved away from grissom, it struggled valiantly to raise the spacecraft high enough to drain the water from the impact bag.	as the first helicopter moved away from grissom, it struggled to raise the spacecraft high enough to drain the water from the impact bag.
the authors' expose on misinformation about nutrition	the authors' statements on misinformation about nutrition
in the 1991 primary, edwards discovered his runoff opponent to be david duke, the highly controversial neo-nazi and former ku klux klan leader.	in the 1991 primary, edwards discovered his runoff opponent to be david duke, the highly controversial white politician and former ku klux klan leader.
chicago has never been happy with its distinction as one of the few cities to have an olympic games unfairly taken away, and this historical issue could play to chicago's favor.	chicago has never been happy with its distinction as one of the few cities to have an olympic games taken away, and this historical issue could play to chicago's favor.
lynda grose is a eco-fashion designer, educator, and consultant well known for her pioneering work in sustainable fashion design.	lynda grose is a eco-fashion designer, educator, and consultant known for her pioneering work in sustainable fashion design.
sugar daddy refers to a rich, usually older man who offers money or gifts to a less rich, usually younger woman in return for companionship or sexual favours.	sugar daddy refers to a rich, usually older man who offers money or gifts to a less rich, usually younger person in return for companionship or sexual favours.
falconry or hawking is an art or sport which involves the use of trained raptors (birds of prey) to hunt or pursue game for men .	falconry or hawking is an art or sport which involves the use of trained raptors (birds of prey) to hunt or pursue game for homo sapiens .
paruresis, however, goes well beyond simple shyness, embarrassment, fear of exposure, or fear of being judged for not being able to urinate.	paruresis, however, goes beyond simple shyness, embarrassment, fear of exposure, or fear of being judged for not being able to urinate.
progression to the nfa ko cup semi-finals was achieved with wins against daventry town and northampton on chenecks, whilst handsome 3-1 and 5-1 league victories versus olney town and bugbrooke st. michaels respectively kept rushden in third place.	progression to the nfa ko cup semi-finals was achieved with wins against daventry town and northampton on chenecks, whilst 3-1 and 5-1 league victories versus olney town and bugbrooke st. michaels respectively kept rushden in third place.
never back down is a terrible film set for theatrical release on march 14, 2008. the mpaa gave the film a rating of pg-13 for mature thematic material involving intense sequence of violence, partying and language.	never back down is a film set for theatrical release on march 14, 2008. the mpaa gave the film a rating of pg-13 for mature thematic material involving intense sequence of violence, partying and language.
he will be performing with the blockheads (and has done so sporadically over the last few years since ian dury's passing ) on their 30th anniversary tour in 2007.	he will be performing with the blockheads (and has done so sporadically over the last few years since ian dury's death ) on their 30th anniversary tour in 2007.
tensions between the greek cypriot and turkish cypriot populations culminated in 1974 with a coup d'tat, an attempt to annex the island to greece and a military intervention by turkey in response resulted in a partitioning of the island, the resettlement of many of its inhabitants, and, eventually, a unilateral declaration of independence by the north in 1983. northern cyprus has received diplomatic recognition only from turkey, upon which it is dependent for economic, political and military support.	tensions between the greek cypriot and turkish cypriot populations culminated in 1974 with a coup d'tat, an attempt to annex the island to greece and a military invasion by turkey in response resulted in a partitioning of the island, the resettlement of many of its inhabitants, and, eventually, a unilateral declaration of independence by the north in 1983. northern cyprus has received diplomatic recognition only from turkey, upon which it is dependent for economic, political and military support.
the character nanasawa kimiko from the popular webcomic megatokyo works as a waitress at an anna miller's restaurant in tokyo, japan.	the character nanasawa kimiko from the webcomic megatokyo works as a waitress at an anna miller's restaurant in tokyo, japan.
it was the last time huge j-class yachts would race for the america's cup.	it was the last time j-class yachts would race for the america's cup.
he is best known for his many works fanatically criticizing the lds church.	he is best known for his many works strongly criticizing the lds church.
as with first class aircraft travellers, first class rail travellers board first and can politely cut in line if they arrive late.	as with first class aircraft travellers, first class rail travellers board first and can cut in line if they arrive late.
the secretary-general of the united nations ban ki-moon states that myanmar's state peace and development council has finally decided to grant access to areas worst hit by cyclone nargis to international aid workers regardless of nationality.	the secretary-general of the united nations ban ki-moon states that myanmar's state peace and development council has decided to grant access to areas worst hit by cyclone nargis to international aid workers regardless of nationality.
"this book, which critics acclaimed ""blows the lid off the king of carmakers"" was about the allegations of corruption, ""mismanagement and total irresponsibility"" at the top level of the company, as seen by john z. de lorean, the vice-president, who in 1973 resigned from his position inspite of a brilliant and meteoric rise (he was earning $ 650,000 per year and was clearly expected to be the next president)."	"this book, which critics acclaimed ""blows the lid off the king of carmakers"" was about the allegations of corruption, ""mismanagement and total irresponsibility"" at the top level of the company, as seen by john z. de lorean, the vice-president, who in 1973 resigned from his position inspite of a brilliant and meteoric rise (he was earning $ 650,000 per year and was expected to be the next president)."
they often run not with any serious hope of gaining office, but in order to promote their views or themselves.	they may run not with any serious hope of gaining office, but in order to promote their views or themselves.
shortly after his initial participation in the sport, he began to realize his extraordinary talents and started to focus more and more on sharpening his skills.	shortly after his initial participation in the sport, he began to realize his talents and started to focus more and more on sharpening his skills.
today, anti-catholicism is common only in peripheral areas of the united kingdom, mostly the scottish lowlands and northern ireland.	today, anti-catholicism is common in peripheral areas of the united kingdom, mostly the scottish lowlands and northern ireland.
the massive rocket barrage killed 44 israeli civilians and caused some 250,000 israeli citizens to evacuate and relocate to other parts of israel while an estimated 1 million israelis were confined in or near bomb shelters during the conflict.	the rocket barrage killed 44 israeli civilians and caused some 250,000 israeli citizens to evacuate and relocate to other parts of israel while an estimated 1 million israelis were confined in or near bomb shelters during the conflict.
fired: rebecca - for her failure to properly double-check that a supermarket had the tagine and soap, failing to step up as project manager as promised after the previous task, and for her pitiful track record throughout the process.	fired: rebecca - for her failure to properly double-check that a supermarket had the tagine and soap, failing to step up as project manager as promised after the previous task, and for her overall weak track record throughout the process.
he is the son of luis vigoreaux, a legendary puerto rican media personality and rosaura lorenzana vilches.	he is the son of luis vigoreaux, a puerto rican media personality and rosaura lorenzana vilches.
he issued pirated copies of southey's wat tyler and after the radical william hone's arrest in may, he reissued the parody of parts of the book of common prayer for which hone was to be tried, then was himself arrested in august and held without charge until hone was acquitted in december.	he issued unauthorized copies of southey's wat tyler and after the radical william hone's arrest in may, he reissued the parody of parts of the book of common prayer for which hone was to be tried, then was himself arrested in august and held without charge until hone was acquitted in december.
the minister for fine arts was the name of a government department in the illegal government of ireland, dil ireann.	the minister for fine arts was the name of a government department in the provisional government of ireland, dil ireann.
"the broadcast raised particular concerns about rudolf steiner's beliefs, since he ""believed in reincarnation and said it was related to race, with black (schwarz) people being the least spiritually developed, and white (wei) people the most."""	"the broadcast raised particular concerns about rudolf steiner's beliefs, stating he ""believed in reincarnation and said it was related to race, with black (schwarz) people being the least spiritually developed, and white (wei) people the most."""
allman is best remembered for his brief but highly influential tenure in the band he helped co-found, as well as his slide guitar and improvisational skills.	allman is best remembered for his brief but influential tenure in the band he helped co-found, as well as his slide guitar and improvisational skills.
some willingly, like turkey, others forced to by european imperialism , like some constituent republics in the soviet union.	some willingly, like turkey, others forced to by european ruling powers , like some constituent republics in the soviet union.
he further insists that the proto-trkic decoding of the inscription, presented for the first time in 1971,	he further insists that the proto-trkic interpretation of the inscription, presented for the first time in 1971,
the church became widely known after the news media extracted several controversial soundbites from wright's sermons as part of their coverage of the 2008 united states presidential election, highlighting democratic presidential candidate barack obama's relationship with wright and the church.	the church became widely known after the news media extracted several soundbites from wright's sermons as part of their coverage of the 2008 united states presidential election, highlighting democratic presidential candidate barack obama's relationship with wright and the church.
jesse washington was a 17-year-old african-american farmhand who was brutally beaten, mutilated and burned alive in waco, texas, on may 15, 1916 in one of the most notorious lynchings in the american south.	jesse washington was a 17-year-old african-american farmhand who was beaten, mutilated and burned alive in waco, texas, on may 15, 1916 in one of the most notorious lynchings in the american south.
the area has been ruled by jordan from 1948 until 1967 when it was occupied by israel, who then, in a move condemned internationally, annexed it in 1980.	the area has been occupied by jordan from 1948 until 1967 when it was occupied by israel, who then, in a move condemned internationally, annexed it in 1980.
an abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus, resulting in, or caused by, its termination .	an abortion is the removal or expulsion of an embryo or fetus from the uterus, resulting in, or caused by, its death .
"an unknown italian geographer wrongly described the ""romanians and the vlachs"" as pagans in the early 14th century."	"an unknown italian geographer described the ""romanians and the vlachs"" as pagans in the early 14th century."
circumcision of males is an essential religious practice of judaism.	circumcision of males is an religious practice of judaism.
in june 2016, a planned meeting with trump was orchestarted by republican national committee's deputy political director jennifer korn and national director of african american initiatives telly lovelace.	in june 2016, a planned meeting with trump was arranged by republican national committee's deputy political director jennifer korn and national director of african american initiatives telly lovelace.
canon claims that this technology allows smooth and silent autofocus, and with compatible bodies (the first of which is the 650d) will provide continuous autofocus in live view and video.	canon stated that this technology allows smooth and silent autofocus, and with compatible bodies (the first of which is the 650d) will provide continuous autofocus in live view and video.
bollywood cinema moguls mahesh bhatt and mukesh bhatt expressed their desire to use annies song mahiya, for their movie awarapan, which consequently gained her more fame and fan following.	bollywood cinema directors mahesh bhatt and mukesh bhatt expressed their desire to use annies song mahiya, for their movie awarapan, which consequently gained her more fame and fan following.
these allegations were refuted by his spokesman, who said that neuberger's wife's personal views had no effect on neuberger's ability to interpret the law.	these allegations were countered by his spokesman, who said that neuberger's wife's personal views had no effect on neuberger's ability to interpret the law.
a 1985 marriage to his high school sweetheart lasted only four weeks.	a 1985 marriage to his high school sweetheart lasted four weeks.
pipe layin' dan is the fourth solo release (and fifth album overall) by american comedienne and actress lawanda page, released under the one-name title of lawanda, released on laff records in 1973.	pipe layin' dan is the fourth solo release (and fifth album overall) by american comedian and actress lawanda page, released under the one-name title of lawanda, released on laff records in 1973.
he also portrayed billy in his finest work, mighty morphin' power rangers: the movie, which took in over $30 million at the box office in 1995.	he also portrayed billy in his most high-profile work, mighty morphin' power rangers: the movie, which took in over $30 million at the box office in 1995.
kefalograviera is a hard cheese with a pleasant salty flavor and rich aroma.	kefalograviera is a hard cheese with a salty flavor and rich aroma.
however, the ease of webcam use through the internet for video chat has also caused problems .	however, the ease of webcam use through the internet for video chat has also caused issues .
the soviet annexation of latvia in 1940 refers, according to the european court of human rights, the government of latvia, the united states department of state, and the european union, to the military occupation of the republic of latvia by the soviet union ostensibly under the provisions of the 1939 molotovribbentrop pact with nazi germany.	the soviet occupation of latvia in 1940 refers, according to the european court of human rights, the government of latvia, the united states department of state, and the european union, to the military occupation of the republic of latvia by the soviet union ostensibly under the provisions of the 1939 molotovribbentrop pact with nazi germany.
as one of the towering figures in judaism and the publisher of the mishneh torah expansion of the talmud, maimonides also issued a landmark doctrinal response to the forced conversions of jews in the iberian peninsula by the zealous almohads:	as one of the towering figures in judaism and the publisher of the mishneh torah expansion of the talmud, maimonides also issued a landmark doctrinal response to the forced conversions of jews in the iberian peninsula by the almohads:
in 2009, he posted take u to da movies on youtube, where it became a viral atrocity after a few months.	in 2009, he posted take u to da movies on youtube, where it became a viral hit after a few months.
there are currently some projects to establish an urban community for the whole metropolitan area, crossing borders, but this revolutionary transnational structure has not been created yet.	there are currently some projects to establish an urban community for the whole metropolitan area, crossing borders, but this transnational structure has not been created yet.
on 29 november 1934, the duke of kent married princess marina of greece and denmark, the beautiful daughter of prince nicholas of greece and denmark and a great niece of queen alexandra, at westminster abbey.	on 29 november 1934, the duke of kent married princess marina of greece and denmark, the daughter of prince nicholas of greece and denmark and a great niece of queen alexandra, at westminster abbey.
this can be illustrated by the index of total industrial production, which increased from only 4.29 in 1790 to 1975.00 in 1913, an increase of 460 times (base year 1850 - 100).	this can be illustrated by the index of total industrial production, which increased from 4.29 in 1790 to 1975.00 in 1913, an increase of 460 times (base year 1850 - 100).
"in 2012, jonathan portes, the director of the national institute of economic and social research, noted that subsequent events had shown ferguson to be wrong: ""as we all know, since then both the us and uk have had deficits running at historically extremely high levels, and long-term interest rates at historic lows: as krugman has repeatedly pointed out, the (is-lm) textbook has been spot on."""	"in 2012, jonathan portes, the director of the national institute of economic and social research, said that subsequent events had shown ferguson to be wrong: ""as we all know, since then both the us and uk have had deficits running at historically extremely high levels, and long-term interest rates at historic lows: as krugman has repeatedly pointed out, the (is-lm) textbook has been spot on."""
the beautiful pueblo of san jos	the pueblo of san jos
feaver's book about the group, pitmen painters: the ashington group 1934-1984, has been adapted into a successful play by lee hall.	feaver's book about the group, pitmen painters: the ashington group 1934-1984, has been adapted into a play by lee hall.
"his son, kiefer, an actor best known for his role as jack bauer on the tv action/thriller series 24, and kiefer's twin sister, rachel, were born to sutherland and his second wife, shirley douglas, daughter of well-known canadian social democratic politician and the ""father"" of canada's universal healthcare system, tommy douglas."	"his son, kiefer, an actor currently known for his role as jack bauer on the tv action/thriller series 24, and kiefer's twin sister, rachel, were born to sutherland and his second wife, shirley douglas, daughter of well-known canadian social democratic politician and the ""father"" of canada's universal healthcare system, tommy douglas."
in may 2010 a book about bruceploitation was published by carl jones, entitled here come the kung fu clones; it primarily focuses on superior lee-a-like ho chung tao but also explores the actors and movies among the best and worst the genre has to offer.	in may 2010 a book about bruceploitation was published by carl jones, entitled here come the kung fu clones; it primarily focuses on a particular lee-a-like ho chung tao but also explores the actors and movies among the best and worst the genre has to offer.
ira berlin (born 1941) is an award-winning american historian, a distinguished university professor at the university of maryland, and a past president of the organization of american historians.	ira berlin (born 1941) is an american historian, a distinguished university professor at the university of maryland, and a past president of the organization of american historians.
a fabulous new preparatory school is being constructed which will allow the present preparatory buildings to be converted into a new sixth form centre.	a new preparatory school is being constructed which will allow the present preparatory buildings to be converted into a new sixth form centre.
when sanchez began to perform in hopes of the judges using their one save per season, all three judges came on stage to interrupt her and unfortunately declare that they would be using their save without her needing to finish the song.	when sanchez began to perform in hopes of the judges using their one save per season, all three judges came on stage to interrupt her and declare that they would be using their save without her needing to finish the song.
"an airport janitor, rajan gupta (kumar pallana), exaggerates the ""goat"" incident to his fellow co-workers and as a result, viktor earns the respect and admiration of all of the airport staff."	"an airport janitor, rajan gupta (kumar pallana), relates the ""goat"" incident to his fellow co-workers and as a result, viktor earns the respect and admiration of all of the airport staff."
the beautiful station building by architect giuseppe momo was constructed during the reign of pius xi after the conclusion of the lateran treaties and opened in 1933 but now houses shops.	the station building by architect giuseppe momo was constructed during the reign of pius xi after the conclusion of the lateran treaties and opened in 1933 but now houses shops.
furet, a disillusioned ex-communist, published his classic, la rvolution franaise in 1965-66. it marked his transition from revolutionary leftist politics to liberal left-center position, and reflected his ties to the social-science-oriented annales school.	furet, a ex-communist, published his classic, la rvolution franaise in 1965-66. it marked his transition from revolutionary leftist politics to liberal left-center position, and reflected his ties to the social-science-oriented annales school.
today, the beliefs of this faith are also referred to as mithraism, but this is a recent development.	today, the beliefs of this cult are also referred to as mithraism, but this is a recent development.
video of the massacre from al manar tv	video of the air strike from al manar tv
much excellent free software and non-free software is affected by such restrictions somewhere in the world, thus preventing its inclusion into ubuntu that, for economy and simplicity, generally includes the same software in any country.	much free software and non-free software is affected by such restrictions somewhere in the world, thus preventing its inclusion into ubuntu that, for economy and simplicity, generally includes the same software in any country.
as part of a plan which also includes building a light railway through kitchener and north to waterloo, grand river transit have proposed relocating via to a new station closer to their charles street bus terminal in downtown kitchener, where they would interchange with a number of grt routes, intercity buses, and hopefully also go transit.	as part of a plan which also includes building a light railway through kitchener and north to waterloo, grand river transit have proposed relocating via to a new station closer to their charles street bus terminal in downtown kitchener, where they would interchange with a number of grt routes, intercity buses, and possibly also go transit.
many of the prestigious american university medical centers operate a cyberknife system.	many of the american university medical centers operate a cyberknife system.
the people's republic of china (prc) is a state that comprises most of the cultural, historic, and geographic area known as china.	the people's republic of china (prc) is a state that de facto administers most of the cultural, historic, and geographic area known as china.
"iftar ( ""breakfast""), refers to the evening meal when muslims end their fast at the time of sunset, right at the time of adhan maghrib prayer in the sunni sect and after the maghrib prayer in the shia deviant sect, during the islamic month of ramadan."	"iftar ( ""breakfast""), refers to the evening meal when muslims end their fast at the time of sunset, right at the time of adhan maghrib prayer in the sunni sect and after the maghrib prayer in the shia sect, during the islamic month of ramadan."
a 2011 infographic presenting hezbollahs gross violations of united nations security council resolution 1701. the resolution calls for hezbollah to remain disarmed and bans paramilitary activity south of the litani river.	a 2011 infographic presenting hezbollahs violations of united nations security council resolution 1701. the resolution calls for hezbollah to remain disarmed and bans paramilitary activity south of the litani river.
rollout of this doomed scheme will take place during 2015.	rollout of this scheme will take place during 2015.
this enormous amount of weaponry even caused a meeting between former us secretary of state henry kissenger and former chilean president augusto pinochet on 1976.	this enormous amount of weaponry caused a meeting between former us secretary of state henry kissenger and former chilean president augusto pinochet on 1976.
the version of wordpad included in the windows 7 milestone 3 (build 6780) release shows a much-improved interface with an office 2007-style ribbon that replaces the application menu and toolbars.	the version of wordpad included in the windows 7 milestone 3 (build 6780) release shows a revamped interface with an office 2007-style ribbon that replaces the application menu and toolbars.
those built prior to 1999 in the uk, before white asbestos was finally banned), asbestos may still be present in some areas e.g.	those built prior to 1999 in the uk, before white asbestos was banned), asbestos may still be present in some areas e.g.
"tor, the acronym for bioware's popular mmorpg, star wars: the old republic; also refers to ""the old republic"" era (preceding the events depicted in the feature films) in the star wars mythos."	"tor, the acronym for bioware's mmorpg, star wars: the old republic; also refers to ""the old republic"" era (preceding the events depicted in the feature films) in the star wars mythos."
"she has been uncharitably accused of trying to profit from her husband's death after it was learned that on december 4, 2001, she applied for a trademark on the phrase ""let's roll""."	"she has been accused of trying to profit from her husband's death after it was learned that on december 4, 2001, she applied for a trademark on the phrase ""let's roll""."
under that account, brutsch generated controversy by creating, moderating, or contributing to various subreddits that were devoted to obscene material.	under that account, brutsch generated controversy by creating, moderating, or contributing to various subreddits that were devoted to explicit material.
while he gained international renown for leading a latin music band, the desi arnaz orchestra, he is probably best known for his role as ricky ricardo on the classic american tv series i love lucy, starring with lucille ball, to whom he was married at the time.	while he gained international renown for leading a latin music band, the desi arnaz orchestra, he is probably best known for his role as ricky ricardo on the american tv series i love lucy, starring with lucille ball, to whom he was married at the time.
since the creation of the state of israel in 1948 and their subsequent expulsion from newly independent north african states in the late 1950s and early 1960s, most north african sephardim have since relocated to either france or israel.	since the creation of the state of israel in 1948 and their subsequent exodus from newly independent north african states in the late 1950s and early 1960s, most north african sephardim have since relocated to either france or israel.
born in torres, jan, garzn graduated from the university of seville in 1979. he was appointed to the audiencia nacional in 1988, and rapidly made his name in spain by pursuing the basque terrorist group eta.	born in torres, jan, garzn graduated from the university of seville in 1979. he was appointed to the audiencia nacional in 1988, and rapidly made his name in spain by pursuing the basque separatist group eta.
later, revisionist groups independent of jabotinsky's leadership conducted campaigns of terrorism against the british authorities in palestine to drive them out and establish a jewish state.	later, revisionist groups independent of jabotinsky's leadership conducted campaigns of violence against the british authorities in palestine to drive them out and establish a jewish state.
the biafo glacier is the world's third longest glacier outside the polar regions, second only to the siachen glacier occupied by india and tajikistan's long fedchenko glacier.	the biafo glacier is the world's third longest glacier outside the polar regions, second only to the siachen glacier controlled by india and tajikistan's long fedchenko glacier.
under quwatli's leadership, syria increasingly moved towards neutralism, despite the conservative views held by quwatli.	under quwatli's leadership, syria increasingly moved towards a neutralist policy amid the cold war , despite the conservative views held by quwatli.
in 1995, the boy he molested publicly boycotted his film powder, to bring attention to salva's sexual misdeeds , which may have contributed to the film's the less-than-stellar box office.	in 1995, the boy he molested publicly boycotted his film powder, to bring attention to salva's sexual crimes , which may have contributed to the film's the less-than-stellar box office.
more recently, research has engaged three further directions - the repeated findings that at least some animals appear to thrive in a zoosexual relationship,	more recently, research has engaged three further directions - the findings that at least some animals appear to thrive in a zoosexual relationship,
moreover, many dutch-speakers settle in the south of the country to work and that does not appreciate by the wallingants because these new populations are often close to the catholic party and could call into question the unilinguism of their wallonia.	moreover, many dutch-speakers settle in the south of the country to work and that does not appreciate by the wallingants because these new populations are often close to the catholic party and could call into question the unilinguism of wallonia.
john is alleged to have been connected to these murders , since at the time he was acting as william's assistant.	john is alleged to have been connected to these deaths , since at the time he was acting as william's assistant.
"the stunning ""rain"" video, one of the first directed by mark romanek, was notable for its frame-by-frame colorization of black and white stock, a painstaking process which lent it a highly stylized appearance."	"the ""rain"" video, one of the first directed by mark romanek, was notable for its frame-by-frame colorization of black and white stock, a painstaking process which lent it a highly stylized appearance."
on june 11, 2007, lewis held a controversial interview with ex-muslim political writer ayaan hirsi ali in which he criticized her as anti-islamic and excessively pro-american.	on june 11, 2007, lewis held a controversial interview with political writer ayaan hirsi ali in which he criticized her as anti-islamic and excessively pro-american.
during the stevens inquiry into collusion between the british military intelligence and unionist paramilitaries, the offices of the investigation were destroyed in an arson attack.	during the stevens inquiry into collusion between the british military intelligence and loyalist paramilitaries, the offices of the investigation were destroyed in an arson attack.
"his ground-breaking book ""the hunt for zero point"", published by century random house in the uk in 2001 and broadway books in the us in 2002, details his ten-year investigation into efforts to crack the holy grail of aerospace propulsion: anti-gravity technology."	"his book ""the hunt for zero point"", published by century random house in the uk in 2001 and broadway books in the us in 2002, details his ten-year investigation into efforts to crack the holy grail of aerospace propulsion: anti-gravity technology."
female genital mutilation of type iii, also called infibulation or pharaonic circumcision .	female genital cutting of type iii, also called infibulation or pharaonic circumcision .
it seeks to redefine science in a fundamental way that would invoke supernatural explanations, a viewpoint known as theistic science.	it seeks to redefine science in a way that would invoke supernatural explanations, a viewpoint known as theistic science.
l. gardner and sons ltd was a well-known british builder of diesel engines for stationary, marine, road and rail applications.	l. gardner and sons ltd was a british builder of diesel engines for stationary, marine, road and rail applications.
midway-based fighter pilots, many flying obsolete brewster f2as (british name, buffalo), made a heroic defense of midway.	midway-based fighter pilots, many flying obsolete brewster f2as (british name, buffalo), made a defense of midway.
the all-important concept of function is defined as a special kind of binary relation.	the concept of function is defined as a special kind of binary relation.
jake steinfeld (born february 21, 1958) is an american fitness icon and entrepreneur in the fitness training industry.	jake steinfeld (born february 21, 1958) is an american fitness specialist and entrepreneur in the fitness training industry.
like a cyberspace hacker , sparanese sent word to various email lists including srrt (social responsibilities round table) and library juice, explaining moore's predicament.	like a cyberspace paul revere , sparanese sent word to various email lists including srrt (social responsibilities round table) and library juice, explaining moore's predicament.
on the one hand, valdis lumans indicates that no ethnic german expulsions would have occurred at all, except for the barbaric occupation policies imposed on most of europe by nazi germany, which included the expulsion or slave-labor pressganging of non-germans from most of these areas.	on the one hand, valdis lumans argues that no ethnic german expulsions would have occurred at all, except for the barbaric occupation policies imposed on most of europe by nazi germany, which included the expulsion or slave-labor pressganging of non-germans from most of these areas.
peter demant (in russian - ) (literary pseudonym - vernon kress (in russian - ) (1918, innsbruck, austria - 2006, moscow, russia) - well-known russian writer and public figure.	peter demant (in russian - ) (literary pseudonym - vernon kress (in russian - ) (1918, innsbruck, austria - 2006, moscow, russia) - russian writer and public figure.
"raymond points out that one does not claim to be a hacker by displaying this emblem, but suggests that ""by using this emblem, you express sympathy with hackers' goals, hackers' values, and the hacker way of living"" ."	"raymond has said out that one does not claim to be a hacker by displaying this emblem, but suggests that ""by using this emblem, you express sympathy with hackers' goals, hackers' values, and the hacker way of living"" ."
key_people = donald mcdonald, chairman ; mark scott, managing director|	key_people = donald mcdonald, chairperson ; mark scott, managing director|
the rightist uspd was instrumental in the creation of the 2 international in 1921.	the uspd was instrumental in the creation of the 2 international in 1921.
it is remarkably safe for human use in recommended doses, but because of its wide availability, deliberate or accidental overdoses are fairly common.	it is safe for human use in recommended doses, but because of its wide availability, deliberate or accidental overdoses are fairly common.
"belgian journalist and right-wing activist paul belien has reported that elst thinks that ""islam is in decline, despite its impressive demographic and military surge"" which according to elst is merely a ""last upheaval."""	"belgian journalist and neoconservative activist paul belien has reported that elst thinks that ""islam is in decline, despite its impressive demographic and military surge"" which according to elst is merely a ""last upheaval."""
ireland's natural history museum , often called the dead zoo a branch of the national museum of ireland, is housed on merrion street in dublin, ireland.	ireland's natural history museum , sometimes called the dead zoo a branch of the national museum of ireland, is housed on merrion street in dublin, ireland.
randy orton applying a chinlock to defeat john cena.	randy orton applying a chinlock to john cena.
"irreducible complexity is the discredited argument that certain biological systems are too complex to have evolved from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."	"irreducible complexity is the argument that certain biological systems are too complex to have evolved from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."
the life of abraham is related in of the hebrew bible.	the story of abraham is related in of the hebrew bible.
following a referendum, south africa became a republic in 1961, and queen elizabeth ii would not visit the country until 1995, no longer as head of state, but merely head of the commonwealth.	following a referendum, south africa became a republic in 1961, and queen elizabeth ii would not visit the country until 1995, no longer as head of state, but as head of the commonwealth.
the coup created a large-scale exodus of refugees to the u.s. the u.s. coast guard caught a total of 41,342 hatians during 1991 and 1992. most were denied entry to the united states and repatriated back to haiti.	the coup created a large-scale exodus of refugees to the u.s. the u.s. coast guard interdicted (in many cases, rescued) a total of 41,342 hatians during 1991 and 1992. most were denied entry to the united states and repatriated back to haiti.
in a 2009 interview on cnn, axelrod indicated that president obama was working with lawmakers to remove the anti- choice stupakpitts amendment from the health care bill.	in a 2009 interview on cnn, axelrod indicated that president obama was working with lawmakers to remove the anti- abortion stupakpitts amendment from the health care bill.
"by mid-1998, chairman and ceo jim miller was justifiably proud of the accomplishments, telling the baltimore sun, ""we not only successfully completed the largest merger ever in our industry, tripling the size of our company, we did so achieving record earnings and meeting or exceeding virtually every goal set out in our merger plan."""	"by mid-1998, chairman and ceo jim miller was proud of the accomplishments, telling the baltimore sun, ""we not only successfully completed the largest merger ever in our industry, tripling the size of our company, we did so achieving record earnings and meeting or exceeding virtually every goal set out in our merger plan."""
apart from the fancier 4-passenger interior and some mechanical and visual tuning, the car was essentially a top-of-the-line 807 in a peculiar purple colour.	apart from the fancier 4-passenger interior and some mechanical and visual tuning, the car was essentially a top-of-the-line 807 in a purple colour.
"censorship laws enacted in reaction to films like anders als die andern eventually restricted viewing of this movie to doctors and medical researchers, and prints of the film were among the many ""decadent"" works burned by the nazis after hitler came to power in 1933. fortunately some portions of the film have survived, and can be viewed today as an invaluable glimpse at both cinematic history and homosexual history."	"censorship laws enacted in reaction to films like anders als die andern eventually restricted viewing of this movie to doctors and medical researchers, and prints of the film were among the many ""decadent"" works burned by the nazis after hitler came to power in 1933. some portions of the film have survived, and can be viewed today as an invaluable glimpse at both cinematic history and homosexual history."
when jocelyn brown's voice was used on the single/dub version of the inescapable worldwide snap!	when jocelyn brown's voice was used on the single/dub version of the worldwide snap!
constellation was the focus of unwelcome attention when black members of her crew protested what they saw as disparate treatment by the navy, leading to what some saw as an abortive mutiny in late 1972. constellation returned to the united states on 1 july and prepared to return to the western pacific in early 1973. replacement personnel reported aboard while constellation was in the united states until the ship had 250 more men than the ship's berthing could accommodate.	constellation was the focus of media attention when black members of her crew protested what they saw as disparate treatment by the navy, leading to what some saw as an abortive mutiny in late 1972. constellation returned to the united states on 1 july and prepared to return to the western pacific in early 1973. replacement personnel reported aboard while constellation was in the united states until the ship had 250 more men than the ship's berthing could accommodate.
the replacement statue was infamously destroyed by the american forces after they captured baghdad in 2003 while the world watched via television.	the replacement statue was destroyed by the american forces after they captured baghdad in 2003 while the world watched via television.
because he illegally collaborated with the czechoslovakian external government in london, he was sentenced for the capital punishement.	because he collaborated with the czechoslovakian external government in london, he was sentenced for the capital punishement.
ethnolinguistically , sanskrit has been the root of the most of the major languages in india.	linguistically , sanskrit has been the root of the most of the major languages in india.
in spite of her 172 iq, she was advised to play dumb (like some of her film characters) and did so excellently .	in spite of her 172 iq, she was advised to play dumb (like some of her film characters) and did so.
21 november comedienne julia morris wins the first season of the celebrity apprentice australia.	21 november comedian julia morris wins the first season of the celebrity apprentice australia.
the lisbon style is the most popular, while coimbra's is the more refined style.	the lisbon style is the most popular, while coimbra's is the more classic style.
in 2006, the university of chicago's oriental institute became the center of controversy when u.s. federal courts ruled to seize and auction its valuable collection of ancient persian artifacts, the proceeds of which would go to compensate the victims of a 1997 bombing in jerusalem that the united states claims was funded by iran.	in 2006, the university of chicago's oriental institute became the center of controversy when u.s. federal courts ruled to seize and auction its valuable collection of ancient persian artifacts, the proceeds of which would go to compensate the victims of a 1997 bombing in jerusalem that the united states believes was funded by iran.
in february 2018 she declared the alp would not be supporting the liberals in attempting to re-introduce the state's draconian anti-protest laws.	in february 2018 she declared the alp would not be supporting the liberals in attempting to re-introduce the state's anti-protest laws.
"his best known song is ""smells like teen spirit"", which became an anthem for generation x. among other well known cobain songs are ""lithium"", ""in bloom"", ""come as you are"", ""heart shaped box"", ""all apologies"", and ""rape me"", which some radio stations refused to play."	"his best known song is ""smells like teen spirit"", which was often referred to by the media as an anthem for generation x. among other well known cobain songs are ""lithium"", ""in bloom"", ""come as you are"", ""heart shaped box"", ""all apologies"", and ""rape me"", which some radio stations refused to play."
forbidden planet is a classic 1956 science fiction film and a subsequent novelization by w.j.	forbidden planet is a 1956 science fiction film and a subsequent novelization by w.j.
she is a member of the socialist alliance and is active in the struggle for marriage equality and helped found the illawarra aboriginal rights group, set up in response to the racist northern territory intervention.	she is a member of the socialist alliance and is active in the struggle for marriage equality and helped found the illawarra aboriginal rights group, set up in response to the northern territory intervention .
despite popular belief, sheen, cryer, and jones do not sing the show's catchy theme song; the voice jones is lip-syncing is actually that of female singer and voice-over artist elizabeth daily.	despite popular belief, sheen, cryer, and jones do not sing the show's theme song; the voice jones is lip-syncing is actually that of female singer and voice-over artist elizabeth daily.
famous mississippians include jefferson davis, the president of the confederacy, author william faulkner and disgraced former senate majority leader and current senate minority whip chester trent lott, sr.. the capital and largest city is jackson.	famous mississippians include jefferson davis, the president of the confederacy, author william faulkner and former senate majority leader and current senate minority whip chester trent lott, sr.. the capital and largest city is jackson.
dealing with poverty in inner-city salford in the 1970s , cooper clarke has said that the poem was inspired by camp street in lower broughton.	dealing with poverty in inner-city salford in the britain of margaret thatcher , cooper clarke has said that the poem was inspired by camp street in lower broughton.
"a new building was begun in 1895 and opened by the prime minister arthur balfour in october 1902. this is the western end of what until recently known as the umist main building (it was creatively renamed after the merger with vum as the ""sackville st. building""), pictured above, a grade ii listed building of burmantofts terracotta."	"a new building was begun in 1895 and opened by the prime minister arthur balfour in october 1902. this is the western end of what until recently known as the umist main building (it was renamed after the merger with vum as the ""sackville st. building""), pictured above, a grade ii listed building of burmantofts terracotta."
commanding heights traces the rise of free markets during the last century, as well as the process of globalization and presents a compelling condemnation of the corruption and failure of centrally planned economies.	commanding heights traces the rise of free markets during the last century, as well as the process of globalization and presents a condemnation of the corruption and failure of centrally planned economies.
neutral parties whose members have been seen to participate in events	parties whose members have been seen to participate in events
during the nineties, diego maradona supported the presidency of neoliberal carlos menem in argentina.	during the nineties, diego maradona supported the presidency of carlos menem in argentina.
lou rhodes is a lovely singer and songwriter from manchester, england, now living in wiltshire .	lou rhodes is a singer and songwriter from manchester, england, now living in wiltshire .
luther vandross released a memorable cover of the song on his 1994 album songs.	luther vandross released a cover of the song on his 1994 album songs.
valentin roberge born on june 9, 1987 is a promising french footballer who used to play for paris saint-germain's youth team, currently playing for aris fc, a major greek league club.	valentin roberge born on june 9, 1987 is a french footballer who used to play for paris saint-germain's youth team, currently playing for aris fc, a major greek league club.
a gentleman with a typical appletini	a person with a typical appletini
the video ends with the power plant exploding, and the powerful image of a recorded home video of ure, his wife and their child, with the visual effect of a melting film.	the video ends with the power plant exploding, and the image of a recorded home video of ure, his wife and their child, with the visual effect of a melting film.
foreskin restoration techniques are most commonly undertaken by men who have been circumcised or who have sustained an injury, but are also used by intact men who desire a longer foreskin and by men who have phimosis.	foreskin restoration techniques are most commonly undertaken by men who have been circumcised or who have sustained an injury, but are also used by uncircumcised men who desire a longer foreskin and by men who have phimosis.
pro-test held its first rally on february 25, 2006, attracting hundreds in support of the research facility and opposed by a supposedly smaller number of anti-lab demonstrators.	pro-test held its first rally on february 25, 2006, attracting hundreds in support of the research facility and opposed by a smaller number of anti-lab demonstrators.
despite the progress made in improving the street's architectural coherence post-1916 and 1922, poor planning controls in the 1970s and 1980s had a sorely negative impact on the vitality and presentation of o'connell street.	despite the progress made in improving the street's architectural coherence post-1916 and 1922, poor planning controls in the 1970s and 1980s had a negative impact on the vitality and presentation of o'connell street.
many sources have reported that after isis abducted kurdish yezidi women and girls in iraqi kurdistan, moved many of them to syria and sold them for prices from 500 to 2000 usd to its fighters or in the markets of raqqa and der-ezzor in syria.	some sources have reported that after isis abducted kurdish yezidi women and girls in iraqi kurdistan, moved many of them to syria and sold them for prices from 500 to 2000 usd to its fighters or in the markets of raqqa and der-ezzor in syria.
on 29 june 1939, following a popular referendum, hatay became a turkish province.	on 29 june 1939, following a referendum, hatay became a turkish province.
your show of shows did a devastating spoof of this show, titled this is your story (broadcast april 3, 1953), in which emcee carl reiner surprises sid caesar, who can't stop crying and embracing the friends and relatives on stage.	your show of shows did a spoof of this show, titled this is your story (broadcast april 3, 1953), in which emcee carl reiner surprises sid caesar, who can't stop crying and embracing the friends and relatives on stage.
the album is notable for its extremely negative review on pitchfork media, which features an artist's illustrated interpretations of how poorly the remixed songs compare to the original versions.	the album is notable for its negative review on pitchfork media, which features an artist's illustrated interpretations of how poorly the remixed songs compare to the original versions.
"the obvious rage against cocteau and radiguet (whose relationship has been heavily contested in other sources) shows an inherent hostility against homosexuals which also becomes a central theme of much of his short fiction, including ""the sea change""."	"the proposed argument is that that the rage against cocteau and radiguet (whose relationship has been heavily contested in other sources) shows an inherent hostility against homosexuals which also becomes a central theme of much of his short fiction, including ""the sea change""."
the new testament or the aramaic scriptures is the name given to the part of the christian bible that was written after the birth of jesus christ.	the new testament or the greek scriptures is the name given to the part of the christian bible that was written after the birth of jesus christ.
in practice, critics maintain that a scientology organization can simply ignore requests by a church member for a comm ev if the actions of one or more church executives would be viewed negatively as a result, or a scientology organization can convene a comm ev against a church member whose actions are viewed as threatening to vested interests of one or more church executives.	in practice, those who have a negative experiences with comm evs maintain that a scientology organization can simply ignore requests by a church member for a comm ev if the actions of one or more church executives would be viewed negatively as a result, or a scientology organization can convene a comm ev against a church member whose actions are viewed as threatening to vested interests of one or more church executives.
in january 2014, john smedley finally confirmed what the gaming world had long expected, that everquest next would be coming to the playstation 4 console too .	in january 2014, john smedley confirmed what the gaming world had long expected, that everquest next would be coming to the playstation 4 console too .
this article describes the attempts to establish an independent macedonian church in the late 19th century, allegedly inheriting the tradition of bulgarian archbishopric of ohrid.	this article describes the attempts to establish an independent macedonian church in the late 19th century, allegedly inheriting the tradition of archbishopric of ohrid.
dragonforce are a british power metal band formed in london, united kingdom in 1999. they are known for their ultra-technical dual guitar harmonies, speed, and epic vocals.	dragonforce are a british power metal band formed in london, united kingdom in 1999. they are known for their dual guitar harmonies, speed, and epic vocals.
croydon has numerous excellent schools (both public and private), including presbyterian ladies' college, sydney (p.l.c sydney), burwood girls high school, croydon public school and holy innocents catholic primary school.	croydon has numerous schools (both public and private), including presbyterian ladies' college, sydney (p.l.c sydney), burwood girls high school, croydon public school and holy innocents catholic primary school.
the e24 was a replacement for the beautiful cs and csl coupes first produced in 1965. production started in march of 1976 with two models: 630cs and 633csi.	the e24 was a replacement for the cs and csl coupes first produced in 1965. production started in march of 1976 with two models: 630cs and 633csi.
born and raised in new york city, powell is a legendary photographer who specializes in the environmental portrait.	born and raised in new york city, powell is a photographer who specializes in the environmental portrait.
unfortunately , khorosh's only response to his demand that dyckman be freed is to imprison him with her.	however , khorosh's only response to his demand that dyckman be freed is to imprison him with her.
"in the seinfeld episode ""the shoes"" bouillabaisse is mentioned twice in a hillarious though not that flattering way."	"in the seinfeld episode ""the shoes"" bouillabaisse is mentioned twice in a humorous though not that flattering way."
in addition, the pact assured a temporary non-involvement of the soviet union's participation in a european war, as well as separating both germany and japan from forming a military alliance, thus allowing stalin to concentrate on japan in the battles of khalkhin gol (nomonhan).	in addition, the pact assured a non-involvement of the soviet union's participation in a european war, as well as separating both germany and japan from forming a military alliance, thus allowing stalin to concentrate on japan in the battles of khalkhin gol (nomonhan).
"charles ""chuck"" bresnahan (born september 8, 1960 in springfield, massachusetts) is the current embattled defensive coordinator for the nfl's cincinnati bengals."	"charles ""chuck"" bresnahan (born september 8, 1960 in springfield, massachusetts) is the current defensive coordinator for the nfl's cincinnati bengals."
he was officially excommunicated in 1953 by pope pius xii for refusing to submit to ecclesiastical authority, but his supporters still claim that the excommunication was invalid.	he was officially excommunicated in 1953 by pope pius xii for refusing to submit to ecclesiastical authority, but his supporters claim that the excommunication was invalid.
ravanaprabhu is the super hit sequel to the blockbuster malayalam movie devasuram, featuring supermegastar mohan lal playing father and son.	ravanaprabhu is the super hit sequel to the blockbuster malayalam movie devasuram, featuring popular film actor mohan lal playing father and son.
the better known attractions include the unesco world heritage sites of the kremlin, red square and the enchanting church of the ascension at kolomenskoye, all dating from between the 14th and 17th centuries.	the better known attractions include the unesco world heritage sites of the kremlin, red square and the church of the ascension at kolomenskoye, all dating from between the 14th and 17th centuries.
a pager is a graphical user interface feature provided by some desktop environments, mostly on the unix and gnu/ linux platforms.	a pager is a graphical user interface feature provided by some desktop environments, mostly on the unix and linux platforms.
according to legend, humanity was originated in the iguaque lake, when the goddess bachu came out from the lake with a boy in her arms.	according to legend, mankind was originated in the iguaque lake, when the goddess bachu came out from the lake with a boy in her arms.
it was bobby robson who saw wright as an international-quality player and gave him his deserved england debut on 2 may 1984 in the 1-0 home international championship defeat to wales at the racecourse ground, wrexham.	it was bobby robson who saw wright as an international-quality player and gave him his england debut on 2 may 1984 in the 1-0 home international championship defeat to wales at the racecourse ground, wrexham.
"a victim of governor lilburn boggs's infamous ""extermination order,"" he was expelled from the state with the other latter day saints during the winter of 1838-39. together with members of the quroum of twelve apostles and other leading mormons, cutler risked death and slipped back into far west, where as the newly-named ""chief architect and master workman of all god's holy houses"", cutler laid the cornerstone for the (never-built) far west temple."	"a victim of governor lilburn boggs's ""extermination order,"" he was expelled from the state with the other latter day saints during the winter of 1838-39. together with members of the quroum of twelve apostles and other leading mormons, cutler risked death and slipped back into far west, where as the newly-named ""chief architect and master workman of all god's holy houses"", cutler laid the cornerstone for the (never-built) far west temple."
china has been a steady source of military equipment to sri lanka, and is helping to modernize and expand the sri lanka armed forces.	china has been a continuing source of military equipment to sri lanka, and is helping to modernize and expand the sri lanka armed forces.
protestant reformers martin luther and john calvin exaggerated the detrimental effects of the original sin on the will, arguing that it completely destroys liberty (see total depravity).	protestant reformers martin luther and john calvin emphasised the detrimental effects of the original sin on the will, arguing that it completely destroys liberty (see total depravity).
conservative republican jim demint announces that he will resign from the senate of the united states in january to lead the heritage foundation.	republican jim demint announces that he will resign from the senate of the united states in january to lead the heritage foundation.
again in very backward societies such as in rural pakistan, women may be barred from education by the male members of their families.	again in very conservative societies such as in rural pakistan, women may be barred from education by the male members of their families.
william mulholland, controversial engineer in los angeles circa 1900	william mulholland, engineer in los angeles circa 1900
pruitt rejects the scientific consensus that human-caused carbon dioxide emissions are a primary contributor to climate change, and has falsely claimed there is no scientific consensus on climate change.	pruitt rejects the scientific consensus that human-caused carbon dioxide emissions are a primary contributor to climate change, and has claimed there is no scientific consensus on climate change.
geography is the noble study of the locational and spatial variation in both physical and human phenomena on earth.	geography is the study of the locational and spatial variation in both physical and human phenomena on earth.
the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was an uncovered conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.	the business plot, the plot against fdr, or the white house putsch, was an alleged conspiracy involving several wealthy businessmen to overthrow president franklin d. roosevelt in 1933.
"there are several different types of so-called ""defense of marriage amendments"" in the united states."	"there are several different types of ""defense of marriage amendments"" in the united states."
"upon entering the house, nakomis admitted that she was surrounded with beautiful people and that she was not a ""girly-girl."""	"upon entering the house, nakomis said that she was surrounded with beautiful people and that she was not a ""girly-girl."""
faced with the prospect of a humiliating defeat in the house of commons, this option gave the prime minister more time to negotiate with conservative backbenchers and the eu, even though they had ruled out further discussions.	faced with the prospect of a defeat in the house of commons, this option gave the prime minister more time to negotiate with conservative backbenchers and the eu, even though they had ruled out further discussions.
"a few metal bands like mushroomhead wear masks and costumes on stage for ""shock value""."	"a few metal bands like slipknot wear masks and costumes on stage for ""shock value""."
history of the world, part i, mel brooks' uneven satire of the history of humanity, begins with a scene similar to 2001, except that the ape-men are more self-absorbed.	history of the world, part i, mel brooks' satire of the history of humanity, begins with a scene similar to 2001, except that the ape-men are more self-absorbed.
she is known as the mother of delphine bol, supposedly the illegitimate daughter of albert ii of belgium, king of the belgians.	she is known as the mother of delphine bol, who claims to be the illegitimate daughter of albert ii of belgium, king of the belgians.
the catalytic converter was invented by eugene houdry, a french mechanical engineer and expert in catalytic oil refining who lived in the u.s. around 1950. when the results of early studies of smog in los angeles were published, houdry became concerned about the role of smoke stack exhaust and automobile exhaust in air pollution and founded a special company, oxy-catalyst.	the catalytic converter was invented by eugene houdry, a french mechanical engineer and expert in catalytic oil refining who lived in the u.s. around 1950. when the results of early studies of smog in los angeles were published, houdry became concerned about the role of smoke stack exhaust and automobile exhaust in air pollution and founded a company, oxy-catalyst.
"furthermore, he claimed that the new amendments paired with section 46.3 of the ontario human rights code would make it possible for ""employers and organizations to be subject to punishment under the code if any employee or associate says anything that can be construed as 'directly or indirectly' offensive."""	"furthermore, he argued that the new amendments paired with section 46.3 of the ontario human rights code would make it possible for ""employers and organizations to be subject to punishment under the code if any employee or associate says anything that can be construed as 'directly or indirectly' offensive."""
"among the best known bulgar khans were: khan kubrat, founder of great bulgaria; khan asparukh, founder of danubian bulgaria (today's bulgaria); khan tervel, who defeated the arab invaders in 718 siege of constantinople (718), thus saving europe; khan krum, ""the terrible""."	"among the best known bulgar khans were: khan kubrat, founder of great bulgaria; khan asparukh, founder of danubian bulgaria (today's bulgaria); khan tervel, who defeated the arab invaders in 718 siege of constantinople (718), thus stopped the arab invasion in southeast europe; khan krum, ""the terrible""."
an august 2007 report noted that isps had been throttling throttling bittorrent traffic for almost two years, since 2005, but comcast was completely blocking it in at least some cases.	an august 2007 report noted that isps had been throttling bittorrent traffic for almost two years, since 2005, but comcast was completely blocking it in at least some cases.
the finding and capture of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.	the finding and kidnapping of nazi war criminal adolf eichmann.
it has been singularly important in developing and collecting modernist art, and is often identified as the most influential museum of modern art in the world.	it has been important in developing and collecting modernist art, and is often identified as the most influential museum of modern art in the world.
"its lead single, ""apologize"", was notably remixed by timbaland, becoming a huge international success, reaching number one in sixteen countries and subsequently earning them a grammy award nomination."	"its lead single, ""apologize"", was remixed by timbaland, becoming a huge international success, reaching number one in sixteen countries and subsequently earning them a grammy award nomination."
whilst the university is secular, there is a strong chaplaincy consisting of permanent anglican and catholic priests and a pentecostal minister, as well as part-time chaplains from other denominations and faiths.	whilst the university is secular, there is a chaplaincy consisting of permanent anglican and catholic priests and a pentecostal minister, as well as part-time chaplains from other denominations and faiths.
on 20 april 1917 two groups of destroyers ( strictly , large torpedo boats) of the kaiserliche marine raided the dover strait to bombard allied positions on shore and to engage warships patrolling the dover barrage — the field of floating mines that prevented german ships from getting into the english channel.	on 20 april 1917 two groups of destroyers ( officially , large torpedo boats) of the kaiserliche marine raided the dover strait to bombard allied positions on shore and to engage warships patrolling the dover barrage — the field of floating mines that prevented german ships from getting into the english channel.
for example, kenneth kitchen ( a retired archaeology professor of the university of liverpool), have argued that stylistic differences are meaningless, using the evidence of such things as a biographical inscription of an egyptian official in 2400 b.c., which reflects at least four different styles, but about which no one denies the unity of authorship.	for example, kenneth kitchen ( an evangelical christian and retired archaeology professor of the university of liverpool), have argued that stylistic differences are meaningless, using the evidence of such things as a biographical inscription of an egyptian official in 2400 b.c., which reflects at least four different styles, but about which no one denies the unity of authorship.
cornstalk's murder by american militiamen during the american revolutionary war outraged american indians and whites alike, and deprived both sides of an advocate of peace in an already bitter conflict.	cornstalk's murder by american militiamen during the american revolutionary war outraged american indians and settlers alike, and deprived both sides of an advocate of peace in an already bitter conflict.
"the beautiful word ""italy"" possibly derives from the homeric (aeolic) word , which means ""calf"" (see liddell-scott dictonary)."	"the word ""italy"" possibly derives from the homeric (aeolic) word , which means ""calf"" (see liddell-scott dictonary)."
a 3rd edition released in december 2005 contained 10 geomorphic mapboards (done in the flimsier style of the aslsk boards), being reprints of the original squad leader boards 1, 2, 3 and 4, a reprint of the cross of iron board 5, and a reprint of board 8 from gi: anvil of victory, as well as reprints of the original beyond valor mapboards 20, 21, 22, and 23. the game also included 20 asl scenarios and 4 six-sided dice in addition to 13 sets of counters for the complete russian and german order of battle as well as the main system counters.	a 3rd edition released in december 2005 contained 10 geomorphic mapboards (done in the lighter style of the aslsk boards), being reprints of the original squad leader boards 1, 2, 3 and 4, a reprint of the cross of iron board 5, and a reprint of board 8 from gi: anvil of victory, as well as reprints of the original beyond valor mapboards 20, 21, 22, and 23. the game also included 20 asl scenarios and 4 six-sided dice in addition to 13 sets of counters for the complete russian and german order of battle as well as the main system counters.
while jerusalem is the proclaimed capital, although israeli sovereignty over it is internationally unrecognized .	while jerusalem is the proclaimed capital, although israeli sovereignty over it is internationally disputed .
"due to reduced sponsorship money being given out by the ""big three"" automobile companies in detroit, some winston cup teams chose not to enter some of the smaller prize-money races of the bloated 48-event season (only 14 cars entered the 1971 space city 300), leading nascar to allow its ""minor league"" grand american series drivers (itself suffering from a massive decrease in events versus its 1970 season) to enter six of the winston cup races."	"due to reduced sponsorship money being given out by the ""big three"" automobile companies in detroit, some winston cup teams chose not to enter some of the smaller prize-money races of the large 48-event season (only 14 cars entered the 1971 space city 300), leading nascar to allow its ""minor league"" grand american series drivers (itself suffering from a massive decrease in events versus its 1970 season) to enter six of the winston cup races."
the complicity of the french state in the program worsened u.s.-french relations for years to come (even if usa was factually a major iraki ally in its war against iran).	the participation of the french state in the program worsened u.s.-french relations for years to come (even if usa was factually a major iraki ally in its war against iran).
roger berkowitz is the president and ceo of legal sea foods, inc., a boston-based restaurant group that boasts over 30 restaurants along the atlantic ocean coast.	roger berkowitz is the president and ceo of legal sea foods, inc., a boston-based restaurant group that has over 30 restaurants along the atlantic ocean coast.
red and tan lines is a subsidiary of coach usa, which in turn is a division of stagecoach group, a leading international transport group.	red and tan lines is a subsidiary of coach usa, which in turn is a division of stagecoach group, a international transport group.
the schools have played uninterrupted since 1966, with miami holding the all-time advantage, 29-21.	the schools have played uninterrupted since 1966, with miami holding the advantage, 29-21.
he was involved to protected rimsha masih blasphemy case, a girl who was false accused of blasphemy by an imam named hafiz mohammed khalid chishti, (the imam of the mosque in rimsha's area), who later was detained himself on 1 september 2012, for desecrating the holy quran himself and tampering with evidence.	he was involved to protected rimsha masih blasphemy case, a girl who was false accused of blasphemy by an imam named hafiz mohammed khalid chishti, (the imam of the mosque in rimsha's area), who later was detained himself on 1 september 2012, for desecrating the quran himself and tampering with evidence.
claiming to be poe's chosen literary executor, he began a heavy campaign to destroy poe's reputation which lasted until his own death eight years later.	claiming to be poe's chosen literary executor, he began a heavy campaign to harm poe's reputation which lasted until his own death eight years later.
watson's flatpicking genius and knowledge of traditional american music is highly regarded.	watson's flatpicking skills and knowledge of traditional american music is highly regarded.
latham captured national attention and, initially, high levels of public approval with his policies and unconventional approach, but also attracted controversy surrounding his colourful past.	latham captured national attention and, initially, high levels of public approval with his policies and unconventional approach, but also attracted controversy surrounding his past.
other important changes included the reform of the ruc, renamed as the police service of northern ireland, which was required to recruit at least a 50% quota of catholics for ten years, and the abolition of diplock courts under the justice and security (northern ireland) act 2007. a security normalisation process also began as part of the treaty, which comprised the progressive closing of redundant british army barracks, border observation towers, and the withdrawal of all forces taking part in operation banner including the resident battalions of the royal irish regiment that would be replaced by an infantry brigade, deployed in ten sites around northern ireland but with no operative role in the region .	other important changes included the reform of the ruc, renamed as the police service of northern ireland, which was required to recruit at least a 50% quota of catholics for ten years, and the abolition of diplock courts under the justice and security (northern ireland) act 2007. a security normalisation process also began as part of the treaty, which comprised the progressive closing of redundant british army barracks, border observation towers, and the withdrawal of all forces taking part in operation banner including the resident battalions of the royal irish regiment that would be replaced by an infantry brigade, deployed in ten sites around northern ireland but with no operative role in the province .
hylda baker (19051986), british comedienne , actress and music hall star	hylda baker (19051986), british comedian , actress and music hall star
rockledge has many annual community events, festivals, and parades:	rockledge has the following annual community events, festivals, and parades:
however, since the end of the dot-com era, any and all payment is practicallly non- existant for most users.	however, since the end of the dot-com era, any and all payment is practicallly non- existent for most users.
since it's free online release in the spring of 2007, the film has attracted massive interest and has been downloaded approximately 5 millions times and has attracted interest as well as criticism from the mainstream press.	since it's free online release in the spring of 2007, the film has attracted public interest and has been downloaded approximately 5 millions times and has attracted interest as well as criticism from the mainstream press.
he was also known for his signature depiction of southeast asian indigenous tribal people with elongated limbs and torso, almond-shaped faces and eyes in his masterpieces .	he was also known for his signature depiction of southeast asian indigenous tribal people with elongated limbs and torso, almond-shaped faces and eyes in his paintings .
these above demands are no doubt right and islamic republic of pakistan was actually formed for that reasons, but government for last 60 years have been failed to do so.	these above demands are no doubt right and islamic republic of pakistan was actually independent for that reasons, but government for last 60 years have been failed to do so.
in the united states, young african-american women are also at unusually high risk for hiv infection.	in the united states, young african-american women are also at high risk for hiv infection.
she is best known for her role in the 1997 comedy film home alone 3, and for recurring roles in television series dexter and nashville.	she is known for her role in the 1997 comedy film home alone 3, and for recurring roles in television series dexter and nashville.
hearing this story from sage narada, devotion welled up in the heart of sage parashurama, and he decided to renovate the temple for the welfare of mankind .	hearing this story from sage narada, devotion welled up in the heart of sage parashurama, and he decided to renovate the temple for the welfare of humankind .
after the lds church formally abandoned plural marriage in 1890, many members continued to practice it and enter into new plural marriages.	after the lds church formally abandoned plural marriage in 1890, a few members continued to practice it and enter into new plural marriages.
janine ditullio is a comedy writer, voice actress, stand-up comedienne and currently the head writer on adult swim's season 3 of superjail.	janine ditullio is a comedy writer, voice actress, stand-up comedian and currently the head writer on adult swim's season 3 of superjail.
"he led the labour party towards the centre right of british politics, using the term ""new labour"" to distinguish his party's support for privatised industries and market inducing reforms from its past belief in fabian socialism."	"he led the labour party towards the centre of british politics, using the term ""new labour"" to distinguish his party's support for privatised industries and market inducing reforms from its past belief in fabian socialism."
the database's existence has prompted fierce objections from activists claiming it is a clear violation of the fourth amendment of the united states constitution.	the database's existence has prompted fierce objections from activists claiming it is a violation of the fourth amendment of the united states constitution.
this is probably because the better games, such as burning rangers, dragon force, guardian heroes, magic knight rayearth, nights into dreams..., panzer dragoon saga, radiant silvergun, saturn bomberman, and shining force iii are difficult to find and are very expensive.	this is probably because the more popular games , such as burning rangers, dragon force, guardian heroes, magic knight rayearth, nights into dreams..., panzer dragoon saga, radiant silvergun, saturn bomberman, and shining force iii are difficult to find and are very expensive.
southerners would sit beside a campfire, preparing their meals.	southern soldiers would sit beside a campfire, preparing their meals.
"although the gospel of matthew is considered to be the ""most jewish"" of the gospels, it contains one of the most virulent anti-jewish passages found in the second testament."	"although the gospel of matthew is considered to be the ""most jewish"" of the gospels, it contains one of the most anti-jewish passages found in the second testament."
this period constitutes the first phase of the 1948 palestine war, during which the jewish and arab communities of palestine clashed, while the british, who supposedly had the obligation to maintain order, organised their withdrawal and intervened only on an occasional basis.	this period constitutes the first phase of the 1948 palestine war, during which the jewish and arab communities of palestine clashed, while the british, who said they had the obligation to maintain order, organised their withdrawal and intervened only on an occasional basis.
2009 - in the first time the tigers and jayhawks met both ranked since 2003, kansas goes up 30-16 at the half, but a furious mizzou comeback capped by a zaire taylor jumper with :01.3 seconds to play gives missouri the win in columbia, 62-60. in the rematch at allen fieldhouse, kansas slaughtered missouri 90-65.	2009 - in the first time the tigers and jayhawks met both ranked since 2003, kansas goes up 30-16 at the half, but a furious mizzou comeback capped by a zaire taylor jumper with :01.3 seconds to play gives missouri the win in columbia, 62-60. in the rematch at allen fieldhouse, kansas avenged it's loss to missouri 90-65.
the website alleges that romantic friendships have existed in civilizations both tolerant and intolerant of homosexuality, and therefore it seems unlikely that a romantic friendship is the same as homosexuality:	the website says that romantic friendships have existed in civilizations both tolerant and intolerant of homosexuality, and therefore it seems unlikely that a romantic friendship is the same as homosexuality:
several local corporate bodies and businesses use a 'flying witch' logo to link themselves to the area, much to the distaste of some local people who rightly claim the area could be identified by other event and groups.	several local corporate bodies and businesses use a 'flying witch' logo to link themselves to the area, much to the distaste of some local people who claim the area could be identified by other event and groups.
"these themes aim to draw from richard wagner's use in the context of nativism, thereby aiming to revive palatable beliefs in the cleansing of the so-called ""aryan race"" ."	"these themes aim to draw from richard wagner's use in the context of nativism, thereby aiming to revive beliefs in the cleansing of the so-called ""aryan race"" ."
residents prefer using the efficient cross-harbour tunnel buses and mtr instead of ships as means of transport as a result.	residents prefer using the cross-harbour tunnel buses and mtr instead of ships as means of transport as a result.
, on april 13, 2014, the israeli newspaper haaretz suggested in an unconfirmed report that unnamed officials in washington were not satisfied with israel's position regarding crimea's annexation by russia.	, on april 13, 2014, the israeli newspaper haaretz suggested in an unconfirmed report that unnamed officials in washington were not satisfied with israel's position regarding crimea's accession by russia.
according to american officials, ford had been attacked by an armed pro-government mob, and syrian state television had begun running false reports blaming him for the formation of death squads similar to those in iraq.	according to american officials, ford had been attacked by an armed pro-government mob, and syrian state television had begun running reports blaming him for the formation of death squads similar to those in iraq.
unfortunately , hurricane katrina struck new orleans, which put those plans along with the continued operations of the park in question.	however , hurricane katrina struck new orleans, which put those plans along with the continued operations of the park in question.
also, there exists a prejudiced stereotype that asians have relatively little phenotypic variation compared to whites, and all asians look alike.	also, there exists a stereotype that asians have relatively little phenotypic variation compared to whites, and all asians look alike.
as technology has improved and concerns about the future of humanity on earth increase, some argue that space colonization is an achievable and worthwhile goal.	as technology has advanced and concerns about the future of humanity on earth increase, some argue that space colonization is an achievable and worthwhile goal.
"a good live version of the song can be found on ""how the west was won""."	"a live version of the song can be found on ""how the west was won""."
"to pro- choice groups, bork's strong views on preventing the constitution from evolving beyond a 1789 understanding, and his belief that the constitution does not contain a ""right to privacy,"" were viewed as a clear signal that if he became a justice on the supreme court, he would vote to reverse the court's 1973 decision in roe v. wade."	"to pro- abortion groups, bork's strong views on preventing the constitution from evolving beyond a 1789 understanding, and his belief that the constitution does not contain a ""right to privacy,"" were viewed as a clear signal that if he became a justice on the supreme court, he would vote to reverse the court's 1973 decision in roe v. wade."
the hydrogen peroxide had been purchased legitimately .	the hydrogen peroxide had been purchased legally .
along with samuel adams and thomas paine, he is remembered as one of the most influential (and radical ) advocates of the american revolution and republicanism, especially in his denunciations of corruption in government officials and his defense of historic rights.	along with samuel adams and thomas paine, he is remembered as one of the most influential (and passionate ) advocates of the american revolution and republicanism, especially in his denunciations of corruption in government officials and his defense of historic rights.
biodynamic agriculture is one of the two pillars of the modern organic farming movement, and is easily as important today as the ideas of the other founder of modern organic agriculture, albert howard.	biodynamic agriculture is one of the two pillars of the modern organic farming movement, and is as important today as the ideas of the other founder of modern organic agriculture, albert howard.
the fof's radio broadcasts, videos, cds, and magazines all (in one way or another) discuss political issues and current events, usually from a right-wing point of view.	the fof's radio broadcasts, videos, cds, and magazines all (in one way or another) discuss political issues and current events, usually from a conservative point of view.
if the decline were to get worse for long enough, it could in theory eventually deprive the premier league of its current entitlement to have four teams in the champions league each year, which it has had since 2005, but the current coefficients table gives little cause for alarm as all england's relevant coefficients are currently ahead of fourth-placed italy's.	if the decline were to get worse for long enough, it could in theory eventually deprive the premier league of its current entitlement to have four teams in the champions league each year, which it has had since 2005, but the current coefficients table gives little cause for concern from an english perspective, as all england's relevant coefficients are currently ahead of fourth-placed italy's.
unfortunately , the romania's government rejected most of these 11 points (conditions), which would cause later much discontent in this new province of romania, bessarabia.	however , the romania's government rejected most of these 11 points (conditions), which would cause later much discontent in this new province of romania, bessarabia.
in its second weekend green lantern experienced a 66.1% decline, which was the largest second weekend decline for a superhero film in 2011. as of august 18, 2011, green lantern has grossed only $115,265,760 in the u.s. and canada as well as $61,600,000 internationally bringing its worldwide total to $176,865,760.	in its second weekend green lantern experienced a 66.1% decline, which was the largest second weekend decline for a superhero film in 2011. as of august 18, 2011, green lantern has grossed $115,265,760 in the u.s. and canada as well as $61,600,000 internationally bringing its worldwide total to $176,865,760.
in young avengers presents #3, hulkling and wiccan's romantic relationship is handled much more blatantly than previous issues.	in young avengers presents #3, hulkling and wiccan's romantic relationship is handled much more openly than previous issues.
the police searched his house and confiscated 14 computers but after intensive forensic investigation found no evidence of child pornography.	the police searched his house and confiscated 14 computers but after forensic investigation found no evidence of child pornography.
families would wish to minimize the degree of virilization of a girl.	families typically wish to minimize the degree of virilization of a girl.
sudak (; ; ; ; sometimes spelled sudac or sudagh) is a town, multiple former bishopric and latin catholic titular see of regional significance in crimea, a territory recognized by most countries as part of ukraine but unlawfully annexed by russia as the republic of crimea.	sudak (; ; ; ; sometimes spelled sudac or sudagh) is a town, multiple former bishopric and latin catholic titular see of regional significance in crimea, a territory recognized by most countries as part of ukraine but annexed by russia as the republic of crimea.
imogene coca actress, comedienne	imogene coca actress, comedian
"in a fox news interview conducted several hours after the shooting occurred and before the killer was identified, soon-to-be-ex- lawyer jack thompson, referred to by fox news as a ""school shootings expert"", stated that the shootings were motivated from playing violent video games."	"in a fox news interview conducted several hours after the shooting occurred and before the killer was identified, controversial lawyer jack thompson, referred to by fox news as a ""school shootings expert"", stated that the shootings were motivated from playing violent video games."
three minutes after micer's goal liverpool were awarded a penalty after steven gerrard dived in the milan penalty area after a gennaro gatusso tackle.	three minutes after micer's goal liverpool were awarded a penalty after steven gerrard was taken down in the milan penalty area after a gennaro gatusso tackle.
the song's iconic backing track was derived from deep within the lifehouse concept.	the song's backing track was derived from deep within the lifehouse concept.
"when the war began the wilson administration proclaimed a policy of strict neutrality—""in thought and deed"", as president woodrow wilson put it."	"when the war began the wilson administrationsssssss proclaimed a policy of strict neutrality—""in thought and deed"", as president woodrow wilson put it."
there used to be skunks on san miguel island, but due predation from marine life, birds, and foxes, the san miguel island skunk has sadly gone extinct.	there used to be skunks on san miguel island, but due predation from marine life, birds, and foxes, the san miguel island skunk has gone extinct.
these food preservation techniques, combined with their far-reaching road system, allowed the inca empire to easily withstand droughts and to have the means to feed a standing army.	these food preservation techniques, combined with their far-reaching road system, allowed the inca empire to withstand droughts and to have the means to feed a standing army.
he is best known for editing a clockwork orange (1971), for which he was nominated for the academy award for best film editing.	he is known for editing a clockwork orange (1971), for which he was nominated for the academy award for best film editing.
musically, symphony x is comparable to other progressive metal bands such as dream theater and fates warning.	musically, symphony x is often compared to other progressive metal bands such as dream theater and fates warning.
it was published for the first time in germany in the east berlin aufbau-verlag in 1956. this novel (a thinly-disguised portrait of the actor gustaf grndgens), the tchaikovsky novel symphonie pathtique and the emigrant novel der vulkan are klaus mann's three most important novels.	it was published for the first time in germany in the east berlin aufbau-verlag in 1956. this novel (a thinly-disguised portrait of the actor gustaf grndgens), the tchaikovsky novel symphonie pathtique and the emigrant novel der vulkan are klaus mann's three most famous novels.
"sadly whilst ""the colours"" was at number 61 in the british top 75 it was blacklisted by bbc radio 1 due to the line ""you've come here to watch me hang"", which echoed the events happening in south african townships at the time, in particular the plight of the sharpeville six."	"whilst ""the colours"" was at number 61 in the british top 75 it was blacklisted by bbc radio 1 due to the line ""you've come here to watch me hang"", which echoed the events happening in south african townships at the time, in particular the plight of the sharpeville six."
she started working with the humanist associations in europe and the us to raise awareness about the attacks on the secular intellectuals in bangladesh by islamic fundamentalists, and in july that year gave the british humanist association's prestigious voltaire lecture.	she started working with the humanist associations in europe and the us to raise awareness about the attacks on the secular intellectuals in bangladesh by islamic fundamentalists, and in july that year gave the british humanist association's voltaire lecture.
during the 1980s wars in central america, the u.s. government provided manuals and trainings on interrogation that extended to the use of torture(see torture manuals).	during the 1980s wars in central america, the u.s. government provided manuals and trainings on interrogation that extended to the use of torture(see u.s. army and cia interrogation manuals).
the story is epic and sweeping, encompassing and describing hundreds of civilisations , races and species on thousands of worlds.	the story is epic and sweeping, encompassing and describing hundreds of civilizations , races and species on thousands of worlds.
in 1970, college student/entrepreneur joe bryson bought phil's record store, which sat in a shotgun location at w. 24th and rio grande streets, and re-christened it inner sanctum records, named after the 1940s radio show.	in 1970, college student/entrepreneur joe bryson bought phil's record store, which sat in a shotgun location at w. 24th and rio grande streets, and renamed it inner sanctum records, named after the 1940s radio show.
limitations of blair's argument	criticisms of blair's argument
on 17 april 1941, bowlly and messene had just given a performance at the rex cinema in oxford street, high wycombe, now sadly demolished.	on 17 april 1941, bowlly and messene had just given a performance at the rex cinema in oxford street, high wycombe, now demolished.
"chief among its efforts are the prevention of the removal of christmas from seasonal print advertisements; opposing those who promote the ""homosexuality agenda"" ; and the censorship of ""obscenities"" in print and electronic media, which wildmon believes are part of a jewish conspiracy to undermine christianity ."	"chief among its efforts are the prevention of the removal of christmas from seasonal print advertisements; opposing those who promote the ""homosexuality agenda"" ; and the removal of ""obscenities"" in print and electronic media, which wildmon believes are part of a jewish conspiracy to undermine christianity ."
the middle east through eyes of the ancient israelitesthe part of the book of genesis in the hebrew bible often called the table of nations describes the canaanites as being descended from an ancestor called canaan (, knaan), saying :	the middle east through eyes of the ancient israelites (according to the documentary hypothesis) the part of the book of genesis in the hebrew bible often called the table of nations describes the canaanites as being descended from an ancestor called canaan (, knaan), saying :
the origin of this, and thus of the table knife itself, is attributed by tradition to cardinal richelieu around 1637, reputedly to cure dinner guests of the unsavoury habit of picking their teeth with their knife-points.	the origin of this, and thus of the table knife itself, is attributed by tradition to cardinal richelieu around 1637, reputedly to cure dinner guests of the habit of picking their teeth with their knife-points.
in euro 2004 group c, it was alleged that denmark and sweden deliberately played to a 22 draw which saw both teams advance at the expense of italy.	in euro 2004 group c, it was alleged that denmark and sweden played to a 22 draw which saw both teams advance at the expense of italy.
he, and the mangaka and writers who attended as guests spoke of reclaiming the term from a primarily pornographic connotation to once again describing all media that represent love, desire, attraction and intimate emotional connections between women.	he, and the mangaka and writers who attended as guests spoke of reclaiming the term from a primarily hentai connotation to once again describing all media that represent love, desire, attraction and intimate emotional connections between women.
in honor of its benefactors, it was christened the joyce and seward johnson theater.	in honor of its benefactors, it was named the joyce and seward johnson theater.
under hu and wen, who became leaders of china in 2003, the chinese government continued to give up grounds to private enterprise, yet increased its interference in other areas.	under hu and wen, who became leaders of china in 2003, the chinese government continued to give up grounds to private enterprise, yet increased its control in other areas.
there is a widespread misperception that the japanese government has not accepted the legal responsibility for compensation and, as a direct consequence of this denial, it has failed to compensate the individual victims of japanese atrocities.	there is a widespread perception that the japanese government has not accepted the legal responsibility for compensation and, as a direct consequence of this denial, it has failed to compensate the individual victims of japanese atrocities.
matthew george millen (born march 12, 1958 in hokendauqua, pennsylvania) is a former professional football player and a failed executive in the national football league.	matthew george millen (born march 12, 1958 in hokendauqua, pennsylvania) is a former professional football player and a former executive in the national football league.
targeting of black people and sub-saharan africans	killing of black people and sub-saharan africans
after some time, his prayers were granted, and he became a franciscan at wexford where in later years he wrote (as a penance, it is said) his valuable ecclesiastical history of ireland (2 vols., dublin, 1840, revised ed., 1864).	after some time, his prayers were granted, and he became a franciscan at wexford where in later years he wrote (as a penance, it is said) his ecclesiastical history of ireland (2 vols., dublin, 1840, revised ed., 1864).
despite being consolidated at the u.s. court of appeals for the 7th circuit, the cases are somewhat different in scope, both in terms of the specific regulations challenged, but also the legal argument for applying the second amendment against state and local governments.	despite being consolidated at the u.s. court of appeals for the 7th circuit, the cases are different in scope, both in terms of the specific regulations challenged, but also the legal argument for applying the second amendment against state and local governments.
though he has failed to further this proposal since he became prime minister in may 2010.	though he has yet to further this proposal since he became prime minister in may 2010.
u.s. troopships and convoy at playa de ponce, in 1898, began a period of economic stagnation for ponce	u.s. troopships and convoy at playa de ponce, in 1898, coincided with a period of economic stagnation for ponce
tens of thousands of low-paid jobs are supported by this activity and millions of tons of steel are recovered.	tens of thousands of jobs are supported by this activity and millions of tons of steel are recovered.
since october 2013, chinese incursions into the japanese waters have greatly decreased.	since october 2013, chinese incursions into the territorial waters have greatly decreased.
"further examples include the more recent policy of ""ladies drink free"" at bars; a fairly transparent ploy designed to make women more amenable to casual fornication , aimed somewhat at swingers, to hopefully bring a bar more female visitors, and hopefully, to thereby bring in more male patrons."	"further examples include the more recent policy of ""ladies drink free"" at bars; a fairly transparent ploy designed to make women more amenable to casual sex , aimed somewhat at swingers, to hopefully bring a bar more female visitors, and hopefully, to thereby bring in more male patrons."
the rajput practices of female infanticide and sati (widow immolation) were other matters of concern to the british colonialists .	the rajput practices of female infanticide and sati (widow immolation) were other matters of concern to the british.
palestinian people's party (hizb al sha'ab) - ppp, is a socialist party in the occupied west bank and gaza strip.	palestinian people's party (hizb al sha'ab) - ppp, is a socialist party in the west bank and gaza strip.
music files sold by magatune do not use any form of digital restrictions management to prevent customers from making copies of music files they have purchased.	music files sold by magatune do not use any form of digital rights management to prevent customers from making copies of music files they have purchased.
lena horne, in 1976 sang a haunting version with the robert farnon orchestra and phil woods on a new album.	lena horne, in 1976 sang a version with the robert farnon orchestra and phil woods on a new album.
alex roy stated that demuro's review had concentrated on hardware details and missed out on the much bigger picture.	alex roy stated that demuro's review had concentrated on hardware details and missed out on the bigger picture.
the current president of the party is alfrds rubiks, once mayor of riga and later leader of the anti-independence movement and head of the latvian communist party (cpsu platform).	the current president of the party is alfrds rubiks, once mayor of riga and later leader of the unionist movement and head of the latvian communist party (cpsu platform).
"the prefatory clause of the second amendment (""a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state,"" ) is a shortened version of language found in the 1776 virginia declaration of rights."	"the opening clause of the second amendment (""a well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state,"" ) is a shortened version of language found in the 1776 virginia declaration of rights."
knowing this was going to happen, kolbe came out as gay and his voting record has improved .	knowing this was going to happen, kolbe came out as gay and his voting record has become more pro-gay .
despite this, hamster corporation released several classic neo geo titles via the arcade archives on the nintendo switch eshop in all regions during launch period.	despite this, hamster corporation released several neo geo titles via the arcade archives on the nintendo switch eshop in all regions during launch period.
integrative medicine is a branch of alternative medicine which limits itself to methods with strong scientific evidence of efficacy and safety.	integrative medicine is a branch of alternative medicine which claims to limit itself to methods with strong scientific evidence of efficacy and safety.
tommy emmanuel, cgp (born may 31, 1955) is an australian virtuoso guitarist, best known for his fingerpicking style.	tommy emmanuel, cgp (born may 31, 1955) is an australian guitarist, best known for his fingerpicking style.
sundoulos - a christian apologetics web site founded by michael cranford.	sundoulos - a christian web site founded by michael cranford.
its residents are responsible for almost every leap in science known to man over the past fifty years.	its residents are responsible for almost every leap in science known to humanity over the past fifty years.
the annexation of crimea by the russian federation was the march 2014 incorporation of most of the crimean peninsula, internationally recognized as part of ukraine, by the russian federation.	the annexation of crimea by the russian federation was the march 2014 acquisition of most of the crimean peninsula, internationally recognized as part of ukraine, by the russian federation.
a 4-15 to 4-4 victory secured a coveted championship medal for reidy.	a 4-15 to 4-4 victory secured a tipperary senior hurling championship medal for reidy.
yorke spent two years at blackburn rovers, where he rejoined his old united strike partner, andy cole, but never made the same impact that he made at united, there he fell out with manager graeme souness, and it spilled onto the training pitch, where souness, accusing him of not trying hard enough, recklessly hit him with a tackle that could have broken his leg.	yorke spent two years at blackburn rovers, where he rejoined his old united strike partner, andy cole, but never made the same impact that he made at united, there he fell out with manager graeme souness, and it spilled onto the training pitch, where souness, accusing him of not trying hard enough, hit him with a tackle that could have broken his leg.
to take revenge, emperor hongwu crazily killed the neighbours of the mockers.	to take revenge, emperor hongwu killed the neighbours of the mockers.
the islanders subsequently had full british citizenship restored in 1983, their lifestyle was improved by investments britain made after the war and the liberalisation of economic measures that had been stalled through fear of angering argentina.	the islanders subsequently had full british citizenship restored in 1983, their lifestyle was changed by investments britain made after the war and the liberalisation of economic measures that had been stalled through fear of angering argentina.
anti-government protest in sana'a, 3 february 2011	protest in sana'a, 3 february 2011
kim tae-woo (; born may 12, 1981) is a south korean singer, best known as the lead vocalist of popular boy band g.o.d.	kim tae-woo (; born may 12, 1981) is a south korean singer, best known as the lead vocalist of boy band g.o.d.
the slaf is using these kfirs to attack against terrorists targets.	the slaf is using these kfirs to attack against insurgent targets.
jessica taylor (born june 23 1980) is a singer, previously with the manufactured pop group liberty x.	jessica taylor (born june 23 1980) is a singer, previously with the reality television-created pop group liberty x.
pantera was a popular heavy metal band from arlington, texas, that formed in 1981. emerging alongside influential classic thrash metal acts such as slayer, metallica, megadeth, and anthrax, pantera was a key formulator of the groove metal (post-thrash) subgenre of heavy metal music.	pantera was a heavy metal band from arlington, texas, that formed in 1981. emerging alongside influential classic thrash metal acts such as slayer, metallica, megadeth, and anthrax, pantera was a key formulator of the groove metal (post-thrash) subgenre of heavy metal music.
his promising career was tragically shortened when he was hit in the face by a pitch at fenway park on august 18, 1967. after missing the rest of the 1967 season and all of 1968, he made a dramatic comeback in 1969, homering on opening day.	his promising career was shortened when he was hit in the face by a pitch at fenway park on august 18, 1967. after missing the rest of the 1967 season and all of 1968, he made a dramatic comeback in 1969, homering on opening day.
brownback eliminated the kansas arts commission in may 2011, making kansas the first state without an arts agency.	brownback eliminated the kansas arts commission in may 2011, making kansas the only state without an arts agency.
"nbc's ""meet the press"" host chuck todd, shortly after the email scandal broke, commented: ""if clinton fatigue, which is already a disease in the press corps, actually becomes a problem with the voting public ."	"nbc's ""meet the press"" host chuck todd, shortly after the email story broke, commented: ""if clinton fatigue, which is already a disease in the press corps, actually becomes a problem with the voting public ."
white minority rule ended in these countries through a combination of terrorist attacks by non-white groups; peaceful protests by non-whites; widespread international moral, political and financial pressure, including from majority-white countries; and changing attitudes within the white minorities themselves.	white minority rule ended in these countries through a combination of attacks by non-white groups; peaceful protests by non-whites; widespread international moral, political and financial pressure, including from majority-white countries; and changing attitudes within the white minorities themselves.
conrad is arrested when his confession is broadcast to the world, and he is murdered before he has a chance to reconcile with charlotte.	conrad is arrested when his confession is broadcast to the world, and he is killed before he has a chance to reconcile with charlotte.
michael bates (born august 2, 1952), also known as prince michael of sealand, is a british author and businessman whose businesses include the self-proclaimed micronation called the principality of sealand, which he inherited from his parents paddy roy bates and joan bates.	michael bates (born august 2, 1952), also known as prince michael of sealand, is a british author and businessman whose businesses include the micronation called the principality of sealand, which he inherited from his parents paddy roy bates and joan bates.
the first data western union foundation donates money to worthy causes around the world.	the first data western union foundation donates money to charitable causes around the world.
"in 2002, washington is claimed to have approved and supported a coup against the dictatorial venezuelan government, acting through senior officials of the u.s. government, including special envoy to latin america otto reich and convicted iran-contra figure and george w. bush ""democracy 'czar'"" elliott abrams, who have long histories in the u.s. backed ""dirty wars"" of the 1980s in central america, and links to u.s.-supported death squads working in central america at that time."	"in 2002, washington is claimed to have approved and supported a coup against the venezuelan government, acting through senior officials of the u.s. government, including special envoy to latin america otto reich and convicted iran-contra figure and george w. bush ""democracy 'czar'"" elliott abrams, who have long histories in the u.s. backed ""dirty wars"" of the 1980s in central america, and links to u.s.-supported death squads working in central america at that time."
"a particular interesting ""feature"" of this early system is that if you send random lowercase words to the character generator,"	"a particular ""feature"" of this early system is that if you send random lowercase words to the character generator,"
despite this the referendum went ahead though it was boycotted by unionists and turnout was only 43%.	despite this the referendum went ahead though it was boycotted by those opposing independence and turnout was only 43%.
the jewish terrorist group lehi assassinated him and his aide, un observer colonel andr serot on september 17, 1948.	the jewish militant group lehi assassinated him and his aide, un observer colonel andr serot on september 17, 1948.
was the public name of , a japanese author and playwright, notable for both his nihilistic post-war writing and the circumstances of his suicide.	was the public name of , a japanese author and playwright, famous for both his nihilistic post-war writing and the circumstances of his suicide.
idiotic critics accuse the anl of being opposed to free speech, the most notable being the pro-democracy league, a group linked to the british national party which often holds counter demonstrations against the anl.	critics accuse the anl of being opposed to free speech, the most notable being the pro-democracy league, a group linked to the british national party which often holds counter demonstrations against the anl.
"attempting to argue ones natural belief in god and against the self-interested society in aldous huxley's brave new world, the savage questions the world controller: ""what about self-denial, then?"	"attempting to argue a natural belief in god and against the self-interested society in aldous huxley's brave new world, the savage questions the world controller: ""what about self-denial, then?"
unfortunately , nothing similar to this report ever happened .	actually , nothing similar to this report ever happened .
bruno wenn of the german deg even suggests that western countries could learn from these countries when it comes to regulations of financial markets.	bruno wenn of the german deg suggests that western countries could learn from these countries when it comes to regulations of financial markets.
anurag kashyap is an award-winning indian film director and writer.	anurag kashyap is an indian film director and writer.
rocchetta easily proved the inconsistency of the author's arguments; the mayor confirmed and bore witness to, jori sadly recognized, in front of so many and astonished onlookers, the unfair untrustworthiness of his sources.	rocchetta easily proved the inconsistency of the author's arguments; the mayor confirmed and bore witness to, jori recognized, in front of so many and astonished onlookers, the unfair untrustworthiness of his sources.
dinesh joseph d'souza (; born april 25, 1961) is an indian-born american far-right conservative political commentator, author and filmmaker.	dinesh joseph d'souza (; born april 25, 1961) is an indian-born american conservative political commentator, author and filmmaker.
bratty and elder were widely suspected of involvement and their execution by the ira led to celebrations amongst ordinary catholics in the area.	bratty and elder were widely suspected of involvement and their killing by the ira led to celebrations amongst ordinary catholics in the area.
the bah' faith is a monotheistic religion which emphasizes the spiritual unity of all humankind .	the bah' faith is a monotheistic religion which emphasizes the spiritual unity of all humanity .
more advanced optional game components can add further levels of chaos and unpredictability, and include:	more advanced optional game components can add further levels of complexity and unpredictability, and include:
"in addition to the 895 norwegians that volunteered to fight for finland, amongst whom were later heroes of anti-nazi resistance such as max manus and leif ""shetland"" larsen, there were numerous nationwide collections campaigns of supplies and money in norway to help the finns."	"in addition to the 895 norwegians that volunteered to fight for finland, amongst whom were later leaders of anti-nazi resistance such as max manus and leif ""shetland"" larsen, there were numerous nationwide collections campaigns of supplies and money in norway to help the finns."
the old observatory building houses the institute of astronomy library which has a fascinating collection of modern and historical astronomical books.	the old observatory building houses the institute of astronomy library which has a collection of modern and historical astronomical books.
nerlens noel (born april 10, 1994) is an american professional basketball boss who currently plays for the philadelphia 76ers of the national basketball association (nba).	nerlens noel (born april 10, 1994) is an american professional basketball who currently plays for the philadelphia 76ers of the national basketball association (nba).
"the great physicist p.a.m. dirac captured the importance of the relationship between quantum physics and mathematics by saying ""physical laws should have mathematical beauty and simplicity."""	"the physicist p.a.m. dirac captured the importance of the relationship between quantum physics and mathematics by saying ""physical laws should have mathematical beauty and simplicity."""
"the book is a strong criticism of the politics of the ""indistinguishable political elite"" in the united kingdom, and their devotion to capitalism."	"the book is a criticism of the politics of the ""indistinguishable political elite"" in the united kingdom, and their devotion to capitalism."
herman achille van rompuy (; born 31 october 1947) is the first long term and full time unelected president of the european council (until the treaty of lisbon, the position had rotated among the prime ministers of the member states for six months each, since then they choose a president of their meetings for a 2 year period, renewable once).	herman achille van rompuy (; born 31 october 1947) is the first long term and full time president of the european council (until the treaty of lisbon, the position had rotated among the prime ministers of the member states for six months each, since then they choose a president of their meetings for a 2 year period, renewable once).
four children and four adults were tragically killed according to emergency workers.	four children and four adults were killed according to emergency workers.
during the second world war, briscoe was under close scrutiny from the irish security services.	during the second world war, briscoe , at this time a member of dail ireann, came under close scrutiny from the irish security services.
founded in 2005, by july 2007 cucumis had attracted over 50,000 members and was receiving 100 requests per day for translations between dozens of languages.	founded in 2005, by july 2007 cucumis had over 50,000 members and was receiving 100 requests per day for translations between dozens of languages.
disputes between consumers and businesses that are arbitrated are resolved by an independent neutral arbitrator rather than in court.	disputes between consumers and businesses that are arbitrated are resolved by a (supposedly) independent neutral arbitrator rather than in court.
the may 8, 2005 episode of law & order: criminal intent contained a murder scene stunningly similar to nicole's death.	the may 8, 2005 episode of law & order: criminal intent contained a murder scene similar to nicole's death.
emerging in the late mid-1990s, alif brilliantly offered a feminine and feminist flavour to hip hop galsen encouraging women to play their part in the movement.	emerging in the late mid-1990s, alif offered a feminine and feminist flavour to hip hop galsen encouraging women to play their part in the movement.
the group was founded in london by sir neville marriner, attracting some of the finest players in london, many of whom considered themselves to be refugees from conductors.	the group was founded in london by sir neville marriner, attracting some of the most accomplished players in london, many of whom considered themselves to be refugees from conductors.
the stones also had caused ten deflated tyres, but luckily no big crashes.	the stones also had caused ten deflated tyres, but no big crashes.
self-criticism of newsweek cover story	criticism of newsweek cover story
unfortunately they lost the play-off game for promotion to level 3c on 6 september 2008 against israel (which plays in the european leagues) by a score of 23-14.	however, they lost the play-off game for promotion to level 3c on 6 september 2008 against israel (which plays in the european leagues) by a score of 23-14.
on october 3, 2015, rose led the l.a.-based slutwalk to honor all women who have been judged and demeaned for promiscuous sexual behavior.	on october 3, 2015, rose led the l.a.-based slutwalk to honor all women who have been judged and demeaned for their sexual behavior.
abdullah ibn abu aufa was one of the companions of the islamic prophet muhammad and narrator of hadith .	abdullah ibn abu aufa was one of the companions of the islamic lawmaker muhammad and narrator of hadith .
since the september 11, 2001 attacks, the party supports neoconservative policies with regard to the war on terror, including military efforts in afghanistan and the liberation of iraq, and attempts to spread democracy in the middle east and around the world.	since the september 11, 2001 attacks, the party supports neoconservative policies with regard to the war on terror, including military efforts in afghanistan and the 2003 invasion of iraq, and attempts to spread democracy in the middle east and around the world.
ratification of the 13th amendment was a condition of the return of local rule to those states that had seceded .	ratification of the 13th amendment was a condition of the return of local rule to those states that had declared their scession .
the children go to school at an army base in the home counties, where they're subjected to cruel experiments by dr. caroline caldwell (glenn close).	the children go to school at an army base in the home counties, where they're subjected to experiments by dr. caroline caldwell (glenn close).
the red army faction (raf; german: ), referred to by the government and corporate media as the baader-meinhof group or baader-meinhof gang , was a west german far-left militant organization.	the red army faction (raf; german: ), referred to by the government and media as the baader-meinhof group or baader-meinhof gang , was a west german far-left militant organization.
others have cited malpass's 2008 forecast of economic growth and his 2012 forecast of recession as prime examples of partisan bias in economic forecasts.	others have cited malpass's 2008 forecast of economic growth and his 2012 forecast of recession as examples of partisan bias in economic forecasts.
the battle of the rails is a 1946 war movie directed by ren clment which tells the courageous efforts by french railway workers to sabotage german troop transport trains.	the battle of the rails is a 1946 war movie directed by ren clment which tells the efforts by french railway workers to sabotage german troop transport trains.
in addition to his work in theatre, including a widely praised hamlet, tennant is best known for his role as the tenth incarnation of the doctor in doctor who, along with the title role in the tv serial casanova (2005) and as barty crouch, jr., in the film harry potter and the goblet of fire (2005).	in addition to his work in theatre, including a widely praised hamlet, tennant is known for his role as the tenth incarnation of the doctor in doctor who, along with the title role in the tv serial casanova (2005) and as barty crouch, jr., in the film harry potter and the goblet of fire (2005).
"jazz trumpeter and new orleanian louis armstrong's favorite food was red beans and rice - the musician would famously sign letters ""red beans and ricely yours, louis armstrong."	"jazz trumpeter and new orleanian louis armstrong's favorite food was red beans and rice - the musician would sign letters ""red beans and ricely yours, louis armstrong."
according to a new yorker report, members of the mujahideen-e-khalq received training in the u.s. and israeli regime funding for their operations against the iranian government.	according to a new yorker report, members of the mujahideen-e-khalq received training in the u.s. and israeli funding for their operations against the iranian government.
mullen is a frequent contributor to the wall street journal he has also written, in typically strident fashion, for the daily telegraph in support of preserving traditional forms of anglican worship.	mullen is a frequent contributor to the wall street journal he has also written, in typically forthright fashion, for the daily telegraph in support of preserving traditional forms of anglican worship.
certain coaches, such as oklahoma's bob stoops, are notorious for running up the score	certain coaches, such as oklahoma's bob stoops, are known for running up the score
burton and speke's exploration to lake tanganyika and lake victoria was, arguably, his most celebrated exploration but what followed was a prolonged public quarrel between the two men, which for a time damaged burton's reputation unfiarly .	burton and speke's exploration to lake tanganyika and lake victoria was, arguably, his most celebrated exploration but what followed was a prolonged public quarrel between the two men, which for a time damaged burton's reputation.
vilnius tv tower, the main site of tragic events	vilnius tv tower, the main site of january's events
rush limbaugh proved there was a huge nationwide audience for articulate and heated discussions of current events from a conservative viewpoint.	rush limbaugh proved there was a huge nationwide audience for specific and heated discussions of current events from a conservative viewpoint.
born to portuguese settlers , he was groomed in sporting's prolific youth system, and later was noted while at celtic, as he led the goalscoring charts in 199697.	born to portuguese parents in mozambique , he was groomed in sporting's prolific youth system, and later was noted while at celtic, as he led the goalscoring charts in 199697.
knezev was instantly impressed by renovicas diligent work-ethic and uncompromising ambition.	knezev was impressed by renovicas diligent work-ethic and uncompromising ambition.
trust me premiered to only 3.4 million viewers.	trust me premiered to 3.4 million viewers.
and eventually outsold its idiosyncratic predecessor no code, selling 1,500,000 copies.	and eventually outsold its predecessor no code, selling 1,500,000 copies.
according to heroic choices, from 2001 through 2004 the foundation used only 53% of its proceeds to fund its programs , falling short of the better business bureau's standards for charity accountibility , which state that program activity should account for at least 65% of charity expenses.	according to heroic choices, from 2001 through 2004 the foundation used 53% of its proceeds to fund its programs , falling short of the better business bureau's standards for charity accountibility , which state that program activity should account for at least 65% of charity expenses.
enid blyton was a truly prolific children's author.	enid blyton was a prolific children's author.
a famous chinese herb tea shop in central hong kong	a chinese herb tea shop in central hong kong
"in 1981, it evolved into an umbrella organization of four parts: nx library, a unique center for contemporary arts materials with a focus on periodicals; soundwork, a composer-oriented new music organization; the philo t. farnsworth memorial video editing facility for artists and independent producers; and the ""spar,"" a new contemporary arts magazine."	"in 1981, it evolved into an umbrella organization of four parts: nx library, a center for contemporary arts materials with a focus on periodicals; soundwork, a composer-oriented new music organization; the philo t. farnsworth memorial video editing facility for artists and independent producers; and the ""spar,"" a new contemporary arts magazine."
the hampster dance, a widely distributed internet meme of the late 1990s, illustrates the characteristic silliness of much of the genre.	the hampster dance, a widely distributed internet meme of the late 1990s, illustrates the characteristic immaturity of much of the genre.
like many composers of his generation, john luther adams did not grow up immersed in serious music.	like many composers of his generation, john luther adams did not grow up immersed in scored music.
this metaphor was widely ridiculed as demonstrating stevens' poor understanding of the internet, despite the fact that he was in charge of regulating it.	this metaphor has been widely ridiculed as demonstrating stevens' poor understanding of the internet, despite the fact that he was in charge of regulating it.
"paisley's hardline approach (summed up in his catchphrase ""no surrender"") led him in turn to attack o'neill's successors as prime minister, major james chichester-clark (later called lord moyola) and brian faulkner."	"paisley's approach (summed up in his catchphrase ""no surrender"") led him in turn to attack o'neill's successors as prime minister, major james chichester-clark (later called lord moyola) and brian faulkner."
since assuming office, he has put forth significant legislation, especially regarding crime prevention, health and the economy, all fostered through interactive work-session meetings with the top professionals in these fields to ascertain the real needs of the particular target public in each area of concern, as well as the general population.	since assuming office, he has put forth legislation, especially regarding crime prevention, health and the economy, all fostered through interactive work-session meetings with the top professionals in these fields to ascertain the real needs of the particular target public in each area of concern, as well as the general population.
the 34th g8 summit took place in on the northern island of hokkaid, japan from july 79, 2008. the g8 is an unofficial forum which brings together the heads of the leading industrialized democracies: france, germany, italy, japan, the united kingdom, the united states, canada (since 1976), russia (since 1998), the president of the european commission (since 1981).	the 34th g8 summit took place in on the northern island of hokkaid, japan from july 79, 2008. the g8 is an unofficial forum which brings together the heads of the richest industrialized democracies: france, germany, italy, japan, the united kingdom, the united states, canada (since 1976), russia (since 1998), the president of the european commission (since 1981).
she also wrote about her great-grandmother, frances graver (born 1809) who was of gypsy (diddicoy) breeding .	she also wrote about her great-grandmother, frances graver (born 1809) who was of gypsy (diddicoy) birth .
news from jun on his website is that, due to some problems with the official crush 40 myspace page , there is a new unimpressive temporary page at	news from jun on his website is that, due to some problems with the official crush 40 myspace page , there is a new , smaller temporary page at
the marine park features ruins of sunken greek, roman and world war ii ships, rich underwater fauna, steep cliffs and giant caves, ancient inscriptions of sailors on shore, secluded beaches, and breathtaking views of the coastline.	the marine park features ruins of sunken greek, roman and world war ii ships, rich underwater fauna, steep cliffs and giant caves, ancient inscriptions of sailors on shore, secluded beaches, and scenic views of the coastline.
the introspection rundown is a controversial church of scientology procedure that is intended to handle a psychotic episode or complete mental breakdown.	the introspection rundown is a church of scientology procedure that is intended to handle a psychotic episode or complete mental breakdown.
although it is the market leader, giant (carlisle) and stauffer's of kissel hill are worthy competitors.	although it is the market leader, giant (carlisle) and stauffer's of kissel hill are major competitors.
"due to obvious similarities between ""last christmas"" and the song ""can't smile without you"" as popularised by barry manilow, an out of court settlement was reached in which the first year's royalties were donated to the one-year-old ""band aid"" charity."	"due to perceived similarities between ""last christmas"" and the song ""can't smile without you"" as popularised by barry manilow, an out of court settlement was reached in which the first year's royalties were donated to the one-year-old ""band aid"" charity."
after his passing , nocquet left the technical direction of his group to his four most advanced students (sixth dan) jo cardot , claude gentil, claude cbille and herv dizien.	after his death , nocquet left the technical direction of his group to his four most advanced students (sixth dan) jo cardot , claude gentil, claude cbille and herv dizien.
on october 8, 2009, nbc abruptly announced that the series had been cancelled.	on october 8, 2009, nbc announced that the series had been cancelled.
the film features the final work of famous stop motion visual effects artist ray harryhausen.	the film features the final work of stop motion visual effects artist ray harryhausen.
"the changing rooms are named ""the david neil pavilion"" in memory of one of the founder players who died tragically young."	"the changing rooms are named ""the david neil pavilion"" in memory of one of the founder players who died young."
colin baker (born 8 june 1943) is an english actor, who is best known as paul merroney in the brothers from 1974 to 1976 and as the 6th incarnation of the doctor in the long-running science fiction television series doctor who from 1984 to 1986.	colin baker (born 8 june 1943) is an english actor, who is known as paul merroney in the brothers from 1974 to 1976 and as the 6th incarnation of the doctor in the long-running science fiction television series doctor who from 1984 to 1986.
the republic of singapore (simplified chinese: ; pinyin: xnjip gnghgu, malay: republik singapura; tamil: ), is an barbaric island city-state in southeast asia, situated on the southern tip of the malay peninsula, south of the malaysian state of johor and north of the indonesian riau islands.	the republic of singapore (simplified chinese: ; pinyin: xnjip gnghgu, malay: republik singapura; tamil: ), is an island city-state in southeast asia, situated on the southern tip of the malay peninsula, south of the malaysian state of johor and north of the indonesian riau islands.
in november 2007, conservative british newspaper the daily telegraph placed keith olbermann at #67 on their top 100 list of most influential us liberals.	in november 2007, british newspaper the daily telegraph placed keith olbermann at #67 on their top 100 list of most influential us liberals.
"fashwave is a failed genre of instrumental electronic music that has been called the soundtrack of the ""alt-right"", the united states-based far-right political movement."	"fashwave is a genre of instrumental electronic music that has been called the soundtrack of the ""alt-right"", the united states-based far-right political movement."
when ralphie arrives, along with vito spatafore, patsy parisi, gigi cestone, and albert barese to express his condolences on tony's mother's passing , tony informs ralphie that he needs to speak with him and albert.	when ralphie arrives, along with vito spatafore, patsy parisi, gigi cestone, and albert barese to express his condolences on tony's mother's death , tony informs ralphie that he needs to speak with him and albert.
"jimmy ""jimbo"" wales (born 1966), co- founder of wikipedia and chairperson emeritus of wikipedia's board of trustees"	"jimmy ""jimbo"" wales (born 1966), founder of wikipedia and chairperson emeritus of wikipedia's board of trustees"
he is best known for his role of charlie salinger on party of five in the 1990s, and for portraying dr. jack shephard on the abc drama series lost from 2004 to 2010.	he is known for his role of charlie salinger on party of five in the 1990s, and for portraying dr. jack shephard on the abc drama series lost from 2004 to 2010.
nacional vinicola (navisa) was the first company to add a worm to its world-famous gusano rojo mezcal.	nacional vinicola (navisa) was the first company to add a worm to its gusano rojo mezcal.
she is an aspiring nfl agent and will be taking, and passing her nflpa exam this july 2012, following a failed attempt to take it last year, july 2011, due to the infamous nfl lockout .	she is an aspiring nfl agent and will be taking, and passing her nflpa exam this july 2012, following a failed attempt to take it last year, july 2011, due to the nfl lockout .
the 0-17 to 0-10 victory gave prendergast a coveted championship medal.	the 0-17 to 0-10 victory gave prendergast a cork senior hurling championship medal.
a puerto rican american (spanish: puertorriqueo estadounidense), or stateside puerto rican, is an american who traces their national origin to puerto rico.	a puerto rican american (spanish: puertorriqueo estadounidense), or stateside puerto rican, is an who traces their national origin to puerto rico.
"upon accepting democratic nomination for president on july 2, 1932, roosevelt promised ""a new deal for the american people,"" a phrase that has endured as a label for his administration and its many domestic achievements ."	"upon accepting democratic nomination for president on july 2, 1932, roosevelt promised ""a new deal for the american people,"" a phrase that has endured as a label for his administration and its many domestic changes ."
audi introduced a heavily revised a4 in late 2004, with the internal designation of b7.	audi introduced a revised a4 in late 2004, with the internal designation of b7.
once a product is purchased the patented robotic arm delivers it into the pickup box and charges the consumer's credit card.	once a product is purchased the robotic arm delivers it into the pickup box and charges the consumer's credit card.
the national flag of ireland is a vertical tricolour of green (at the hoist), white, and orange.	the flag of ireland is a vertical tricolour of green (at the hoist), white, and orange.
finally, wpvi placed more emphasis on young talent while wcau-tv and kyw-tv used older, respected news anchors such as vince leonard, tom snyder, and john facenda, wpvi had a young larry kane as its top anchor.	finally, wpvi placed more emphasis on young talent while wcau-tv and kyw-tv used older, well-known news anchors such as vince leonard, tom snyder, and john facenda, wpvi had a young larry kane as its top anchor.
this tolerant view of sexuality was suppressed.	this view of sexuality was suppressed.
sadly the planning application was turned down by cherwell district council who had their own plans for a municipal course at chacombe and were worried that the pga course would detract from that.	the planning application was turned down by cherwell district council who had their own plans for a municipal course at chacombe and were worried that the pga course would detract from that.
in the first century ad jesus drove demons out of a man into swine 'in the country of the gadarenes' (gospel according to matthew; the gospels according to mark and luke read 'country of the gerasenes').	in the first century ad jesus is said to have driven demons out of a man into swine 'in the country of the gadarenes' (gospel according to matthew; the gospels according to mark and luke read 'country of the gerasenes').
eva anna paula braun (february 6, 1912 – april 30, 1945) was the mistress (and ultimately, wife for a night and a day) of adolf hitler.	eva anna paula braun (february 6, 1912 – april 30, 1945) was the longtime companion (and ultimately, wife for a night and a day) of adolf hitler.
"it has been argued by the seton hall study ""no-hearing hearings"" that the current csrt's are inadequate and biased in favour of determining a suspect ""enemy combatant."""	"it has been concluded by the seton hall study ""no-hearing hearings"" that the current csrt's are inadequate and biased in favour of determining a suspect ""enemy combatant."""
during her visit to the united states, marine le pen met two us republican members of the u.s house of representatives associated with the tea party movement, joe walsh, who is known for his strong islamophobic stance, and three-time presidential candidate ron paul, whom le pen complimented for his stance on the gold standard.	during her visit to the united states, marine le pen met two us republican members of the u.s house of representatives associated with the tea party movement, joe walsh, who is known for his strong anti-islamic stance, and three-time presidential candidate ron paul, whom le pen complimented for his stance on the gold standard.
after her death in 2002, little edie left a diary, letters, poetry, and stunning photographs, to her nephew bouvier beale jr., the executor of her estate.	after her death in 2002, little edie left a diary, letters, poetry, and photographs, to her nephew bouvier beale jr., the executor of her estate.
by contrast, the igbo follow a democracy which judges each man according to his personal merit.	by contrast, the igbo are shown as following a democracy which judges each man according to his personal merit.
indonesia, malaysia and the philippines enjoyed a high rate of economic growth but the dictatorships of suharto and marcos were later established years after the independence of indonesia and the philippines, resulting in stagnation.	indonesia, malaysia and the philippines enjoyed a high rate of economic growth but the authoritarian rule of suharto and marcos were later established years after the independence of indonesia and the philippines, resulting in stagnation.
he held various positions in hariri's business empire .	he held various positions in hariri's business enterprises .
kopple has recently ventured into advertising work that includes gorgeous documentary-style commercials for target stores.	kopple has recently ventured into advertising work that includes documentary-style commercials for target stores.
popular local dj, paul jenner, and his schoolteacher brother, steve, brought local commercial radio to hucknall in the 1980s.	local dj, paul jenner, and his schoolteacher brother, steve, brought local commercial radio to hucknall in the 1980s.
miss spider's sunny patch friends is an animated program based on the beloved children's books by david kirk, which airs on noggin and nick jr.. each episode follows the everyday adventures of a family of bugs, who have made their home in what is called the hollow tree, led by the gentle, kind-hearted miss spider.	miss spider's sunny patch friends is an animated program based on the children's books by david kirk, which airs on noggin and nick jr.. each episode follows the everyday adventures of a family of bugs, who have made their home in what is called the hollow tree, led by the gentle, kind-hearted miss spider.
xu himself managed to find three more specimens before being tragically killed in an accident in 1988; another worker found a complete skull.	xu himself managed to find three more specimens before being killed in an accident in 1988; another worker found a complete skull.
on 3 january, 2005, contestee george bush's re- election campaign asked judge moyer to dismiss the case.	on 3 january, 2005, contestee george bush's election campaign asked judge moyer to dismiss the case.
a later investigation by the u.s. army arrived at a considerably lower figure of 347 deaths, the official u.s. estimate.	a later investigation by the u.s. army arrived at a lower figure of 347 deaths, the official u.s. estimate.
a 2002 pilot study administered thiamin tetrahydrofurfuryl disulfide (ttfd) rectally to ten autism spectrum children, and found beneficial clinical effect in eight.	a 2002 pilot study administered thiamin tetrahydrofurfuryl disulfide (ttfd) rectally to ten autism spectrum children, and reported beneficial clinical effect in eight.
kashmiris attacks on jammu & kashmir state assembly: a car bomb exploded near the jammu and kashmir state assembly on october 1, 2001, killing 27 people on an attack that was blamed on kashmiri separatists.	terrorist attacks on jammu & kashmir state assembly: a car bomb exploded near the jammu and kashmir state assembly on october 1, 2001, killing 27 people on an attack that was blamed on kashmiri separatists.
as a transitional rank, it is often thought of as a time for refining rather then accumulation, where a practitioner hones his already acquired technical and practical skills until they reach a black belt level.	as a transitional rank, it is often thought of as a time for refining rather then accumulation, where a practitioner hones already acquired technical and practical skills until they reach a black belt level.
james louis mccartney was born on 12 september, 1977 to paul mccartney of the legendary beatles and his wife, rock photographer and animal rights activist linda mccartney.	james louis mccartney was born on 12 september, 1977 to paul mccartney of the beatles and his wife, rock photographer and animal rights activist linda mccartney.
the rebel group fought against president batistas dictatorial rule.	the rebel group fought against president batistas rule.
with proper knowledge and application technique - and use at every act of intercourse - condom users experience only a 2% per-year pregnancy rate.<!--	with proper knowledge and application technique - and use at every act of intercourse - condom users experience a 2% per-year pregnancy rate.<!--
"microsoft has also included minimal zip support (under the name ""compressed folders"") in later versions of its windows operating system."	"microsoft has also included zip support (under the name ""compressed folders"") in later versions of its windows operating system."
"it added valuable protection for online service providers and users from action against them for the actions of others, stating in part that ""no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider""."	"it added protection for online service providers and users from action against them for the actions of others, stating in part that ""no provider or user of an interactive computer service shall be treated as the publisher or speaker of any information provided by another information content provider""."
in march of 2006, nude photos of pete wentz's huge penis were posted and spread across quickly on the internet.	in march of 2006, nude photos of pete wentz's penis were posted and spread across quickly on the internet.
see main article on ira nazi links ira abwehr ww2 .	see main article on ira nazi links ira abwehr world war ii .
the more vocal members of the skeptical community assert that because some pk effects can be reproduced or simulated by trickery or special effects, that is a more reasonable explanation than to accept that the laws of physics should be rewritten.	the more vocal members of the scientific community assert that because some pk effects can be reproduced or simulated by trickery or special effects, that is a more reasonable explanation than to accept that the laws of physics should be rewritten.
"adherents of torah judaism often presume that a gadol has some degree of ruach hakodesh (""divine spirit""); the gadol's teachings and statements therefore become the crux of daas torah."	"adherents of haredi judaism often presume that a gadol has some degree of ruach hakodesh (""divine spirit""); the gadol's teachings and statements therefore become the crux of daas torah."
"katherine matilda ""tilda"" swinton of kimmerghame (born 5 november 1960) is an anglo-scottish actress, performance artist, model, and fashion icon , known for both arthouse and mainstream films."	"katherine matilda ""tilda"" swinton of kimmerghame (born 5 november 1960) is an anglo-scottish actress, performance artist, model, and fashion muse , known for both arthouse and mainstream films."
on march 2, 2011, muzammel huq a disgruntled former employee and vocal critic of yunus whom the government had appointed grameen bank chairman in january announced to the media that yunus had been fired as managing director of the bank .	on march 2, 2011, muzammel huq a former employee and vocal critic of yunus whom the government had appointed grameen bank chairman in january announced to the media that yunus had been fired as managing director of the bank .
carey began singing when she was three; her mother realized early on that she had tremendous potential.	carey began singing when she was three; her mother believed early on that she had tremendous potential.
other than the bible, the majority of the lds canon constitutes revelation dictated by joseph smith and includes commentary and exegesis about the bible, texts described as lost parts of the bible, and other works believed to be written by ancient prophets.	other than the bible, the majority of the lds canon constitutes revelation dictated by joseph smith and includes commentary and exegesis about the bible, texts described as lost parts of the bible, and other works stated to be written by ancient prophets.
"tusker, brewed by the east african breweries, carries the day in kenya and is known for its wonderfully populist slogan: ""my beer."	"tusker, brewed by the east african breweries, carries the day in kenya and is known for its populist slogan: ""my beer."
he briefly joined the ukrainian nationalist army.	he briefly served in the ukrainian nationalist army.
his death provoked the full annexation of korea in 1910 with the japan-korea annexation treaty.	his death was followed by the full annexation of korea in 1910 with the japan-korea annexation treaty.
she has also acted in a number of plays, apart from being a stand-up comedienne and a singer.	she has also acted in a number of plays, apart from being a stand-up comedian and a singer.
spencer seim also plays in the 5rc records nintendo-rock band the advantage wherein they replicate the themes from the venerable 8-bit system without the benefit of keyboards.	spencer seim also plays in the 5rc records nintendo-rock band the advantage wherein they replicate the themes from the 8-bit system without the benefit of keyboards.
"evidence suggests that regret is more common among self-identified autogynephiles, transsexual people with co-existing psychiatric problems, patients with surgical complications, and patients having religious views that their transition was ""wrong""."	"evidence suggests that regret is more common among autogynephiles, transsexual people with co-existing psychiatric problems, patients with surgical complications, and patients having religious views that their transition was ""wrong""."
ghuneim created and implemented online marketing campaigns for columbia records, working closely with artists such as bob dylan, system of a down, jeff buckley, bruce springsteen, nas, barbra streisand, tony bennett, lauryn hill and destiny's child.	ghuneim created and implemented online marketing campaigns for columbia records, working with artists such as bob dylan, system of a down, jeff buckley, bruce springsteen, nas, barbra streisand, tony bennett, lauryn hill and destiny's child.
controversial publisher and columnist ezra levant has argued that warman's actions as a plaintiff before the canadian human rights commissions are tantamount to censorship in the name of human rights.	publisher and columnist ezra levant has argued that warman's actions as a plaintiff before the canadian human rights commissions are tantamount to censorship in the name of human rights.
karl rove revealed as one source of time article	karl rove revealed as deep background source of time article
post supporters cite a series of recent scandals at the supposedly-reputable broadsheet new york times as proof that this problem is scarcely unique to the post.	post supporters cite a series of recent scandals at the broadsheet new york times as proof that this problem is scarcely unique to the post.
"jason ""jase"" dyer is a fictional character that appeared in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders between 2007 and 2008. he was played by stephen lord."	"jason ""jase"" dyer is a fictional character that appeared in the bbc soap opera eastenders between 2007 and 2008. he was played by stephen lord."
"one of the soldiers have said ""i thought will i be azaria no.2"" , the civilian tour guide that naturalized truck driver have said that the soldiers hesitated for a second before shooting the driver due to the conviction of sgt."	"one of the soldiers have said ""i thought will i be azaria no.2"" , the civilian tour guide that neutralized truck driver have said that the soldiers hesitated for a second before shooting the driver due to the conviction of sgt."
hrisi avgi (greek: english:golden dawn) is a greek fascist party, espousing an anti-semitic, anti-capitalist and anti-immigrant philosophy based partially on laws of ancient spartan society.	hrisi avgi (greek: english:golden dawn) is a greek nationalist party, espousing an anti-semitic, anti-capitalist and anti-immigrant philosophy based partially on laws of ancient spartan society.
some scholars argue that the small set of requirements imposed on the gentile christians by the council was not arbitrarily chosen but corresponds to teachings of pharisaic judaism concerning god's covenant with all nations, in their common father noah, and are therefore called noahide laws.	some argue that the small set of requirements imposed on the gentile christians by the council was not arbitrarily chosen but corresponds to teachings of pharisaic judaism concerning god's covenant with all nations, in their common father noah, and are therefore called noahide laws.
fordham university is a prestigious co-educational private university in new york city.	fordham university is a co-educational private university in new york city.
traffic sheriffs are deployed to reduce high-risk driving behavior, improve traffic enforcement on our highways, and reduce the incidence of injury and fatality collisions.	traffic sheriffs are deployed to reduce high-risk driving behavior, improve traffic enforcement on highways, and reduce the incidence of injury and fatality collisions.
the residents of syosset are members of the renowned syosset central school district and students attend syosset high school.	the residents of syosset are members of the syosset central school district and students attend syosset high school.
john klemmer is an american jazz and jazz fusion gifted saxophonist and composer, born on july 3, 1946 in chicago, illinois.	john klemmer is an american jazz and jazz fusion saxophonist and composer, born on july 3, 1946 in chicago, illinois.
in 2012, he directed the hugely successful sequel to journey to the center of the earth, entitled journey 2: the mysterious island, which starred dwayne johnson and grossed $325.9 million.	in 2012, he directed the successful sequel to journey to the center of the earth, entitled journey 2: the mysterious island, which starred dwayne johnson and grossed $325.9 million.
saakashvili soon implemented a series of reforms aimed at tackling crime and corruption, firing and imprisoning a number of officials as well as making membership of the thieves-in-law a crime in 2005. in responce to this as well as harsher prison regimes, several prison riots broke out before being brutally put down.	saakashvili soon implemented a series of reforms aimed at tackling crime and corruption, firing and imprisoning a number of officials as well as making membership of the thieves-in-law a crime in 2005. in responce to this as well as harsher prison regimes, several prison riots broke out before being heavy-handedly put down.
unfortunately , this never happened; alan moore fell out with dc comics over various issues, and promptly stopped any potential new work he was planning to submit to dc comics.	however , this never happened; alan moore fell out with dc comics over various issues, and promptly stopped any potential new work he was planning to submit to dc comics.
stelfox portrayed a stand-up comedienne in stand up sweetie pie, directed by june brown, the stalwart of eastenders, who must have come across each other on set; it premired in 1993 at the nottingham playhouse, rather than in the west end.	stelfox portrayed a stand-up comedian in stand up sweetie pie, directed by june brown, the stalwart of eastenders, who must have come across each other on set; it premired in 1993 at the nottingham playhouse, rather than in the west end.
langdale has spectacular views of, in particular, dungeon ghyll force waterfall, harrison stickle and pike of stickle.	langdale has views of, in particular, dungeon ghyll force waterfall, harrison stickle and pike of stickle.
akgul played in the 2004 fed cup but unfortunately lost all three of her matches including a defeat by india's sania mirza.	akgul played in the 2004 fed cup but lost all three of her matches including a defeat by india's sania mirza.
in 1982 in toronto, canada, a toronto canadian bank employee dan mahowny (hoffman) is given access to bigger and bigger accounts with his promotion to assistant branch manager.	in 1982 in toronto, canada, a toronto bank employee dan mahowny (hoffman) is given access to bigger and bigger accounts with his promotion to assistant branch manager.
giamatti, whose tough dealing with yale's union favorably impressed major league baseball owners, was unanimously elected to succeed peter ueberroth as commissioner on september 8, 1988. as reflected in the agreement with pete rose, giamatti was determined to maintain the integrity of the game during his tragically brief commissionership.	giamatti, whose tough dealing with yale's union favorably impressed major league baseball owners, was unanimously elected to succeed peter ueberroth as commissioner on september 8, 1988. as reflected in the agreement with pete rose, giamatti was determined to maintain the integrity of the game during his brief commissionership.
"after he heard ""a box full of sharp objects"", he wanted to get them signed because he knew this band had something no other band had and could change what's happening in the music world."	"after he heard ""a box full of sharp objects"", he wanted to get them signed because he believed this band had something no other band had and could change what's happening in the music world."
eqnewbie good everquest information site, geared towards new players.	eqnewbie everquest information site, geared towards new players.
"dorothy ""dot"" branning (ne colwell; previously cotton) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera, eastenders, played by june brown, although a young dot was played by tallulah pitt-brown in flashbacks in a special episode entitled eastenders: dot's story (2003)."	"dorothy ""dot"" branning (ne colwell; previously cotton) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera, eastenders, played by june brown, although a young dot was played by tallulah pitt-brown in flashbacks in a special episode entitled eastenders: dot's story (2003)."
halo is a extremely popular series of science fiction first-person shooter video games developed by bungie studios and published by microsoft.	halo is a popular series of science fiction first-person shooter video games developed by bungie studios and published by microsoft.
"the september 11, 2001 attacks, often referred to as september 11 or 9/11 (after the u.s. style of writing dates, and pronounced ""nine eleven""), were a series of coordinated terrorist suicide attacks against the pentagon and the world trade center in the united states on september 11, 2001.''"	"the september 11, 2001 attacks, often referred to as september 11 or 9/11 (after the u.s. style of writing dates, and pronounced ""nine eleven""), were a series of coordinated suicide attacks against the pentagon and the world trade center in the united states on september 11, 2001.''"
"numb was later used in a successful mash-up single along with jay-z's ""encore"" from his 2003 album (the black album)."	"numb was later used in a mash-up single along with jay-z's ""encore"" from his 2003 album (the black album)."
similarly, the puppet jackson immediately sees that the stargate is evidence of aliens using the egyptian pyramids as landing sites and rapidly works out what the symbols on the gate are and how gate addresses work, despite the fact that his area of expertise is archeology, parodying both the original movie (where james spader's jackson was able to figure out the stargate system unrealistically quickly) and the television series.	similarly, the puppet jackson immediately sees that the stargate is evidence of aliens using the egyptian pyramids as landing sites and rapidly works out what the symbols on the gate are and how gate addresses work, despite the fact that his area of expertise is archeology, parodying both the original movie (where james spader's jackson was able to figure out the stargate system almost as quickly) and the television series.
"the arguments around butler's writing style are related to this issue: for modernists who believe in an objective reality butler's writing is likely to seem ""bad"", whereas for postmodernists the idea of a text that seriously challenges traditional ideas while remaining ""clear and lucid"" to those who embrace them is almost absurd ."	"the arguments around butler's writing style are related to this issue: for modernists who believe in an objective reality butler's writing is likely to seem ""bad"", whereas for postmodernists the idea of a text that seriously challenges traditional ideas while remaining ""clear and lucid"" to those who embrace them is almost self-contradictory ."
a flat tax (short for flat rate tax) is a tax maneuver with a constant rate.	a flat tax (short for flat rate tax) is a tax system with a constant rate.
saint paul's theological writings lay out the basic framework of the atonement doctrine in the new testament.	paul's theological writings lay out the basic framework of the atonement doctrine in the new testament.
unfortunately , the latter's development coincided with vast overbuilding on the strip and a global financial crisis, causing large losses and writedowns in valuation.	however , the latter's development coincided with vast overbuilding on the strip and a global financial crisis, causing large losses and writedowns in valuation.
threshold is the 31st episode of star trek: voyager, the 15th episode in the second season, unarguably the worst episode written for the whole franchise.	threshold is the 31st episode of star trek: voyager, the 15th episode in the second season, considered by some to be the worst episode written for the whole franchise.
she is often associated with radical scholars such as elizabeth cook-lynn, craig womack and waziyatawin angela wilson in an indigenous decolonization movement within native american studies.	she is often associated with scholars such as elizabeth cook-lynn, craig womack and waziyatawin angela wilson in an indigenous decolonization movement within native american studies.
on the afternoon of january 20, 2008, the aircraft was carefully removed from its resting place with two cranes lifting it onto wheeled platforms.	on the afternoon of january 20, 2008, the aircraft was removed from its resting place with two cranes lifting it onto wheeled platforms.
the brown album - primus	brown album - primus
wafa sultan (arabic: ) (born 1959?, banias, syria) is a secular ex-muslim syrian-american psychologist who lives in los angeles, california.	wafa sultan (arabic: ) (born 1959?, banias, syria) is a secular syrian-american psychologist who lives in los angeles, california.
while this practice is condemned as barbaric by modern societies, some societies punish the victims of rape as well as the perpetrators.	while this practice is condemned as barbaric by many present-day societies, some societies punish the victims of rape as well as the perpetrators.
to adopt them as some commentators did in the post-war years is generally frowned upon as accepting subversive nazi historiography.	to adopt them as some commentators did in the post-war years is generally frowned upon as accepting nazi historiography.
astoundingly , miniscribe embarked upon a round of layoffs just before their christmas shutdown, including several of the employees that were involved in the packaging and shipping of the masonry.	however , miniscribe embarked upon a round of layoffs just before their christmas shutdown, including several of the employees that were involved in the packaging and shipping of the masonry.
"the song's melody bears a striking resemblance to billy joel's 1978 song, ""my life""."	"the song's melody bears a resemblance to billy joel's 1978 song, ""my life""."
at his home grand prix in great britain, button unforchantly retired on the first lap after contact with his team mate alonso.	at his home grand prix in great britain , button retired on the first lap after contact with his team mate alonso.
obama has repeatedly stated through spokesmen that he is a christian and has never been a muslim.	obama has repeatedly stated through spokespersons that he is a christian and has never been a muslim.
under israels controversial absentee property law, the state may reclaim homes whose owners were not present in 1967, when israel took control of east jerusalem.	under israels absentee property law, the state may reclaim homes whose owners were not present in 1967, when israel took control of east jerusalem.
"although some of the entries were accounts of her shared experiences with friends, much of the content was devoted to rachel's endeavors to her life holding the purpose of spreading the message of christ , and of her efforts to ""reach the unreached""."	"although some of the entries were accounts of her shared experiences with friends, much of the content was devoted to rachel's endeavors to her life holding the purpose of spreading the message of christianity , and of her efforts to ""reach the unreached""."
cornell performed stripped-back acoustic renditions from his exhaustive back-catalogue to rave reviews, including songs from the likes of soundgarden, temple of the dog, audioslave and his solo work.	cornell performed stripped-back acoustic renditions from his back-catalogue to rave reviews, including songs from the likes of soundgarden, temple of the dog, audioslave and his solo work.
iberian adventurers built beautiful towns in this area, one of them being cachoeira, which was the second most important economic center in bahia for three centuries.	iberian adventurers built several towns in this area, one of them being cachoeira, which was the second most important economic center in bahia for three centuries.
the theme park promotes pseudoscientific theories.	the theme park promotes alternative scientific theories.
pnacs rise to power: jeb bushs role in 2000 us presidential election fraud in florida	pnacs rise to power: jeb bushs role in 2000 us presidential election controversy in florida
gaza ( , , azz) is the largest city in the gaza strip and the occupied palestinian territories.	gaza ( , , azz) is the largest city in the gaza strip and the palestinian territories.
elle 'the body' macpherson (; born 29 march 1963) is an australian supermodel , actress, and businesswoman.	elle 'the body' macpherson (; born 29 march 1963) is an australian model , actress, and businesswoman.
frank willis mayborn (december 7, 1903 - may 16, 1987) was a prominent 20th century texas newspaper publisher and philanthropist who played a crucial role in the development of temple and bell county, located north of the state capital of austin.	frank willis mayborn (december 7, 1903 - may 16, 1987) was a 20th century texas newspaper publisher and philanthropist who played a crucial role in the development of temple and bell county, located north of the state capital of austin.
famous public figures supporting catalan independence	public figures supporting catalan independence
he continued his winning path with a first round technical knockout over jubilee arama in the semi-finals but unfortunately lost the final against johan linde to settle for second place.	he continued his winning path with a first round technical knockout over jubilee arama in the semi-finals but lost the final against johan linde to settle for second place.
as general secretary, feather led the british trade union movement's fight against heath government's anti-union industrial relations act 1971. after retirement from the tuc, he was president of the european trade union confederation (1973-74).	as general secretary, feather led the british trade union movement's fight against heath government's industrial relations act 1971. after retirement from the tuc, he was president of the european trade union confederation (1973-74).
tears and rain was written by james blunt and chambers and features on blunt's outstanding debut album back to bedlam, one of 2005s most successful albums which to date has sold over a million copies.	tears and rain was written by james blunt and chambers and features on blunt's debut album back to bedlam, one of 2005s most successful albums which to date has sold over a million copies.
solar power in india is a fast- growing industry.	solar power in india is a growing industry.
"after boldly declining both rapper's offers, he announced that he was signing with atlantic records live on july 30 on mtv's ""rapfix live,"" and confirmed that he had began work on his debut on the label."	"after declining both rapper's offers, he announced that he was signing with atlantic records live on july 30 on mtv's ""rapfix live,"" and confirmed that he had began work on his debut on the label."
"his first appearance was on richie rich's nixon pryor roundtree in 2002. he decided to reference joseph stalin in his stage name because he shared the same initials with the dictator , and ""he was short like me, but he was always smashin' on everybody."""	"his first appearance was on richie rich's nixon pryor roundtree in 2002. he decided to reference joseph stalin in his stage name because he shared the same initials with the former general secretary of the communist party of the soviet union , and ""he was short like me, but he was always smashin' on everybody."""
by 1913, serbia had conquered most of present-day macedonia, which subsequently was unified in the kingdom of yugoslavia and socialist yugoslavia with other south slavic peoples.	by 1913, serbia had come to include most of present-day macedonia, which subsequently was unified in the kingdom of yugoslavia and socialist yugoslavia with other south slavic peoples.
unfortunately , the protests were in vain and the school closed and is now a village community centre.	however , the protests were in vain and the school closed and is now a village community centre.
these were typically identified in terms of a distinction between the caucasoid and negroid racial categories.	these were typically identified in terms of a distinction between the caucasoid and black racial categories.
religion assumed its proper place in the last decade among the lives of the local populace.	religion assumed its traditional place in the last decade among the lives of the local populace.
melancholia is a 2011 drama film written and directed by lars von trier, starring kirsten dunst, charlotte gainsbourg and kiefer sutherland.	melancholia is a 2011 film written and directed by lars von trier, starring kirsten dunst, charlotte gainsbourg and kiefer sutherland.
he formerly served as vice president of academic affairs for kendall college but resigned the position in 2007. he sought the democratic nomination for governor of illinois in 2006 but was sadly defeated in the primary by incumbent illinois governor rod blagojevich in march 2006.	he formerly served as vice president of academic affairs for kendall college but resigned the position in 2007. he sought the democratic nomination for governor of illinois in 2006 but was soundly defeated in the primary by incumbent illinois governor rod blagojevich in march 2006.
a study has found that homeopathic doses of arsenicum album are effective in helping rats excrete crude doses of arsenic out of their body.	a study has claimed that homeopathic doses of arsenicum album are effective in helping rats excrete crude doses of arsenic out of their body.
circumcision has been deemed the most controversial surgical procedure of all times.	circumcision has been described as the most controversial surgical procedure of all times.
"hamas , acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya (arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"" and arabic for 'zeal'), is a palestinian islamist movement, political party, and terrorist/ militant group closely related to the muslim brotherhood."	"hamas , acronym of harakat al-muqawama al-islamiyya (arabic: , literally ""islamic resistance movement"" and arabic for 'zeal'), is a palestinian islamist movement, political party, and militant group closely related to the muslim brotherhood."
it is also the entrance music for k-1 kickboxing legend remy bonjasky.	it is also the entrance music for k-1 kickboxing champion remy bonjasky.
upon his passing , hugh b. brown was called to the quorum.	upon his death , hugh b. brown was called to the quorum.
other christian communities are difficult to group with the above classifications due to differences in basic doctrines.	other communities are difficult to group with the above classifications due to differences in basic doctrines.
at the centre of barnard's green is a confusing pear-shaped roundabout where (clockwise) the barnards green road, b4211 / b4208 from the malvern town centre, pickersleigh road (b4208), upper chase road, barnards green road (which forks to become poolbrook road (b4208) and guarlford road (b4211), court road, and avenue road all meet.	at the centre of barnard's green is a pear-shaped roundabout where (clockwise) the barnards green road, b4211 / b4208 from the malvern town centre, pickersleigh road (b4208), upper chase road, barnards green road (which forks to become poolbrook road (b4208) and guarlford road (b4211), court road, and avenue road all meet.
he was appointed a senator for life in the italian senate on 9 november 2011, and soon after was invited by president giorgio napolitano to lead a new technocratic government in italy following the ousting of silvio berlusconi.	he was appointed a senator for life in the italian senate on 9 november 2011, and soon after was invited by president giorgio napolitano to lead a new technocratic government in italy following the resignation of silvio berlusconi.
hart declined to seek re-election to the senate in 1986 and sought the democratic presidential nomination in 1988. he was widely viewed as the front-runner until false reports surfaced of an extramarital affair, and hart withdrew from the race in may 1987. he re-entered the race in december 1987 but withdrew from the race again after faring poorly in the early primaries.	hart declined to seek re-election to the senate in 1986 and sought the democratic presidential nomination in 1988. he was widely viewed as the front-runner until reports surfaced of an extramarital affair, and hart withdrew from the race in may 1987. he re-entered the race in december 1987 but withdrew from the race again after faring poorly in the early primaries.
john lees (born 13 january 1947, in oldham, lancashire, england) is a wonderful english musician who founded the rock group barclay james harvest.	john lees (born 13 january 1947, in oldham, lancashire, england) is a english musician who founded the rock group barclay james harvest.
"peter lik corporation ceo stephen borzi claimed ""in an effort to focus attention on the burgeoning worldwide market, plans have been drawn for the suspension of operations in liks four australian galleries."""	"peter lik corporation ceo stephen borzi said ""in an effort to focus attention on the burgeoning worldwide market, plans have been drawn for the suspension of operations in liks four australian galleries."""
conversely, those that are in cold climates such as chicago would presumably need somewhat less in the way of heating.	conversely, those that are in cold climates such as moscow, russia would presumably need somewhat less in the way of heating.
"the book, 'an instant bestseller in sweden', further exposed the king as "" a philanderer who attended wild sex parties abroad and in underworld stockholm clubs while the secret police kept guard."""	"the book, 'an instant bestseller in sweden', further describes the king as ""a philanderer who attended wild sex parties abroad and in underworld stockholm clubs while the secret police kept guard."""
mclaren claims that his model of emergent dualist interaction, based in the work of alan turing and david chalmers, more than satisfies the expectations institutional psychiatry has placed upon engel's ambitious model.	mclaren claims that his model of emergent dualist interaction, based in the work of alan turing and david chalmers, more than satisfies the expectations institutional psychiatry has placed upon engel's model.
in january 2011, he was elected to the party's powerful finance and administration committee, the operational board which oversees the headquarters, including staffing, finance, fundraising, membership and compliance.	in january 2011, he was elected to the party's finance and administration committee, the operational board which oversees the headquarters, including staffing, finance, fundraising, membership and compliance.
rival station the edge plays similar top 40 music but has more hip hop on their playlist where zm has more music on their playlist and the edge does not play the great selection of older music that is played on zm.	rival station the edge plays similar top 40 music but has more hip hop on their playlist where zm has more music on their playlist and the edge does not play the selection of older music that is played on zm.
according to his journals he treated several thousand patients, at first using allopathic medicine, but in 1829 switching to homeopathy at the urging of his relatives.	according to his journals he treated several thousand patients, at first using conventional medicine, but in 1829 switching to homeopathy at the urging of his relatives.
many readers believe that the times' hard news and soft news reportage have a consistent and pronounced liberal slant, particularly on social issues.	some readers believe that the times' hard news and soft news reportage have a consistent and pronounced liberal slant, particularly on social issues.
during 2006, the press reported on an industrial relations dispute at newington when 40 department heads and housemasters were forced to reapply for their positions in a restructure that would also reduce their holidays.	during 2006, the press reported on an industrial relations dispute at newington when 40 department heads and housemasters were asked to reapply for their positions in a restructure that would also reduce their holidays.
after take off, outbound guests were served with a meal of a bacon /veggie sausage sandwich on breakfast flights or quality hot dog / veggie sausage dog and potato wedges - prepared individually by the cabin crew with onions / sauces and an individual slice of chocolate gateau as a dessert.	after take off, outbound guests were served with a meal of a bacon /veggie sausage sandwich on breakfast flights or hot dog / veggie sausage dog and potato wedges - prepared individually by the cabin crew with onions / sauces and an individual slice of chocolate gateau as a dessert.
"the couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in brooklyn called ""shortbus,"" which is hosted by drag performance artist justin bond (playing himself )."	"the couple suggests she attend a weekly social/artistic/sexual salon in brooklyn called ""shortbus,"" which is hosted by drag performance artist justin bond (playing vself )."
lord monckton was born on 14 february 1952, the eldest son of the 2nd viscount monckton of brenchley.	monckton was born on 14 february 1952, the eldest son of the 2nd viscount monckton of brenchley.
competition was fierce , with the national action party (pan) eager to hold on to the presidency for a second period, the institutional revolutionary party (pri) equally keen to regain the office it lost in the 2000 election for the first time in 71 years (then in coalition with the ecologist green party of mexico), and the party of the democratic revolution (prd) (then in coalition with convergence and the labor party) believing itself to have a good chance to win after disappointments in the two previous elections.	competition was intense , with the national action party (pan) eager to hold on to the presidency for a second period, the institutional revolutionary party (pri) equally keen to regain the office it lost in the 2000 election for the first time in 71 years (then in coalition with the ecologist green party of mexico), and the party of the democratic revolution (prd) (then in coalition with convergence and the labor party) believing itself to have a good chance to win after disappointments in the two previous elections.
most of the civilized nations of the world and human rights groups hold unfavorable views of indefinite detention.	most of the nations of the world and human rights groups hold unfavorable views of indefinite detention.
this matter, and the large stake us taxpayers own in the company make the limits of us government interference in the daily management of the failing company a dilemma yet to be resolved.	this matter, and the large stake us taxpayers own in the company make the limits of us government involvement in the daily management of the failing company a dilemma yet to be resolved.
there are many interesting beach-related cultural events in haeundae.	there are many beach-related cultural events in haeundae.
his artistic soul was also enriched by friendships with such leading lights of warsaw's artistic and intellectual world as maurycy mochnacki, jan matuszewski, jzef bohdan zaleski and julian fontana.	his artist's soul was also enriched by friendships with such leading lights of warsaw's artistic and intellectual world as maurycy mochnacki, jan matuszewski, jzef bohdan zaleski and julian fontana.
sadly at the end of each season they were relegated back to the kolmonen (third division).	, but at the end of each season they were relegated back to the kolmonen (third division).
whoopi goldberg (; born caryn elaine johnson; november 13, 1955) is an american comedienne , actress, singer-songwriter, political activist, and talk show host.	whoopi goldberg (; born caryn elaine johnson; november 13, 1955) is an american comedian, actress, singer-songwriter, political activist, and talk show host.
the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp) (arabic: , al-jabhah al-sha`biyyah li-tarr filasn) is a palestinian terrorist organisation founded in 1967.	the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp) (arabic: , al-jabhah al-sha`biyyah li-tarr filasn) is a palestinian organisation founded in 1967.
"it ends with dean, instead of saying the standard phrase ""the life you save may be your own"", humorously ad-libbing, ""the life you might save might be mine."""	"it ends with dean, instead of saying the standard phrase ""the life you save may be your own"", ad-libbing, ""the life you might save might be mine."""
a prolific author, he won the prestigious nobel prize in literature for his writings on english and world history in 1953.	a prolific author, he won the nobel prize in literature for his writings on english and world history in 1953.
although the judges all agreed that joanie's amazing portfolio and runway walk were admirable, they chose fellow contestant danielle as the winner, and joanie as runner-up.	although the judges all agreed that joanie's strong portfolio and runway walk were admirable, they chose fellow contestant danielle as the winner, and joanie as runner-up.
"tip and mombi ( pointlessly respelled ""mombey"" by maguire) play a larger role in out of oz, the fourth and final volume of ""the wicked years""."	"tip and mombi (respelled ""mombey"" by maguire) play a larger role in out of oz, the fourth and final volume of ""the wicked years""."
conan attacks zym, but marique saves her father by invoking soldiers made of sand, and then poisons conan with a poison-laced boomerang sword.	conan attacks zym, but marique assists her father by invoking soldiers made of sand, and then poisons conan with a poison-laced boomerang sword.
following wrestlemania, warrior participated in brief feuds with goldust and jerry lawler.	following wrestlemania, warrior participated in feuds with goldust and jerry lawler.
currently a reader in the political economy of development at the university of cambridge, chang is the author of several influential policy books, including 2002's kicking away the ladder: development strategy in historical perspective.	currently a reader in the political economy of development at the university of cambridge, chang is the author of several widely-noted policy books, including 2002's kicking away the ladder: development strategy in historical perspective.
7, the 2nd top-selling film in taiwanese history.	7, the second top-selling film in taiwanese history.
washington produces premium and superpremium wines only - in 2006 wine advocate bestowed two perfect scores on cabernet sauvignon vintages from washington's quilceda creek winery (red mountain ava).	washington produces premium and superpremium wines - in 2006 wine advocate bestowed two perfect scores on cabernet sauvignon vintages from washington's quilceda creek winery (red mountain ava).
this was soon forgotten by the late 1970s when the royals came to prominence and the terrific rivalry with new york began.	this was soon forgotten by the late 1970s when the royals came to prominence and the rivalry with new york began.
jeff cohen is the founder of fairness & accuracy in reporting, a left-leaning media watchdog group in the us.	jeff cohen is the founder of fairness & accuracy in reporting, a media watchdog group in the us.
his role in gamergate scandal led to a petition to prevent baldwin from speaking at the supanova pop culture expo.	his role in gamergate controversy led to a petition to prevent baldwin from speaking at the supanova pop culture expo.
the anti-christian historian richard carrier goes further, contending that certain portions of table talk, especially those regarding hitler's hatred of christianity, are inventions.	the historian richard carrier goes further, contending that certain portions of table talk, especially those regarding hitler's hatred of christianity, are inventions.
"w. h. auden wrote a beautiful poem called ""orpheus"" about the conflicting desires ""to be bewildered and happy or most of all the knowledge of life""."	"w. h. auden wrote a poem called ""orpheus"" about the conflicting desires ""to be bewildered and happy or most of all the knowledge of life""."
in recent years, a string of embarassing run-ins with the police, the irs, and his own rsum have made hovind something of a controversial public figure.	in recent years, a string of run-ins with the police, the irs, and his own rsum have made hovind something of a controversial public figure.
PUNCT ADP PUNCT NUM PUNCT DET NOUN NOUN ADP DET NOUN ADP NOUN PUNCT NOUN ADP DET ADJ NOUN PUNCT NOUN NOUN ADP DET NOUN PUNCT VERB ADP NOUN PART VERB PART DET NOUN PUNCT	punct ROOT punct pobj punct det pobj pobj prep det pobj prep pobj punct nsubj prep det amod pobj punct compound appos prep det pobj punct ROOT prep pobj aux advcl prt det dobj punct
patrick pearse, irish patriot (d. 1916)	patrick pearse, irish rebel leader (d. 1916)
thomas harold netherton, jr. (january 11, 1947 -- january 7, 2018) , was a singer known for his long tenure on the lawrence welk show.	thomas harold netherton, jr. (january 11, 1947 -- january 7, 2018) , was a singer known for his tenure on the lawrence welk show.
gene elston (born 1922) is a former long-time major league baseball broadcaster, primarily with the houston astros.	gene elston (born 1922) is a former major league baseball broadcaster, primarily with the houston astros.
sadly neither system made it into racing due to rule changes, which many attribute to pressure from other teams, who were worried about the time required to develop similar systems of their own.	neither system made it into racing due to rule changes, which many attribute to pressure from other teams, who were worried about the time required to develop similar systems of their own.
ren girard has demonstrated that the gospels are a radical subversion of pagan notions of sacrifice.	ren girard has argued that the gospels are a radical subversion of pagan notions of sacrifice.
"despite great strain and attempted influence on the election, the russians sent to ""keep watch"" over the election were not allowed in the country.left in effect, the russian-moldovan ties have greatly weakened, and the nation is split between building ties with romania or russia."	"despite great strain and attempted influence on the election, the russians sent to ""keep watch"" over the election were not allowed in the country.left in effect, the russian-moldovan ties have greatly weakened, and the nation is split between building ties with the west or russia."
after experiencing several deadly mass shootings, the united kingdom enacted tough gun laws.	after experiencing several mass shootings, the united kingdom enacted tough gun laws.
in eisenhower's lieutenants, historian russell f. weigley summarizes montgomery's flaw as a strategist:	in eisenhower's lieutenants, historian russell f. weigley states what he thinks was montgomery's flaw as a strategist:
the scheme involved secretary of war william belknap selling concessions for trading posts on western army bases in exchange for a cut of the profits.	the scheme involved secretary of war william belknap granting concessions for trading posts on western army bases in exchange for a cut of the profits.
"on february 11, 2011, ira glass claimed on his pri radio show, this american life, that the secret formula to coca-cola had been uncovered in ""everett beal's recipe book"", reproduced in the february 28, 1979, issue of the the atlanta journal-constitution."	"on february 11, 2011, ira glass said on his pri radio show, this american life, that the secret formula to coca-cola had been uncovered in ""everett beal's recipe book"", reproduced in the february 28, 1979, issue of the the atlanta journal-constitution."
the career of mummify was tragically cut short in the 2005 caulfield cup, in which he shattered the sesamoid bone of his near foreleg and was subsequently euthanized, after running a game third carrying top weight and attempting to lead all the way in the race.	the career of mummify was cut short in the 2005 caulfield cup, in which he shattered the sesamoid bone of his near foreleg and was subsequently euthanized, after running a game third carrying top weight and attempting to lead all the way in the race.
upon graduating from florida state in 1959 with a useless degree in physical education, corso became the quarterbacks coach at the university of maryland under his former fsu coach tommy nugent.	upon graduating from florida state in 1959 with a degree in physical education, corso became the quarterbacks coach at the university of maryland under his former fsu coach tommy nugent.
all of them became extinct as native languages in the early first millennium ad, although hebrew remained in literary and religious use among jews, and was revived in the twentieth century.	all of them became extinct as native languages in the early first millennium ad, although hebrew remained in literary and religious use among jews, and has been revived in the twentieth century.
when supermax inmates are allowed access to an exercise area, often this is just a small cage, not much better than their cells.	when supermax inmates are allowed access to an exercise area, often this is just a small cage, not much different than their cells.
for the 2008 indy 500, the chevrolet corvette was chosen as the official pace car yet again, with emerson fittipaldi driving the pace car at the start.	for the 2008 indy 500, the chevrolet corvette was chosen as the official pace car again, with emerson fittipaldi driving the pace car at the start.
in 1979, his popularity was confirmed by the success of the banana republic tour and album of 1979 together with singer-songwriter francesco de gregori, his faithful band, and his friend ron.	in 1979, his popularity was confirmed by the success of the banana republic tour and album of 1979 together with singer-songwriter francesco de gregori, his band, and his friend ron.
december 20 - same-sex marriage in the united states: vermont supreme court orders the state legislature to devise a law that would give same-sex couples equal rights as married couples.	december 20 - same-sex marriage in the united states: vermont supreme court orders the state legislature to devise a law that would give same-sex couples identical rights as married couples.
historically the mou was a fundamental tenant in determination of beer store operating policies.	historically the mou was a fundamental tenet in determination of beer store operating policies.
ingrid is for crown prince frederik's beloved grandmother, queen ingrid.	ingrid is for crown prince frederik's late grandmother, queen ingrid.
media matters for america (mmfa) is a politically progressive media watchdog in the united states.	media matters for america (mmfa) is a politically left media watchdog in the united states.
for casino royale, bond underwent a reboot, discarding the cold war history of the character for a modern day post-september 11th setting and ushering in the youngest portrayal of bond in the film series' history, showing bond achieving his double-o license to kill status.	for casino royale, bond underwent a reboot, discarding the cold war history of the character for a modern day post-september 11th setting and ushering in the latest portrayal of bond in the film series' history, showing bond achieving his double-o license to kill status.
sega attempted to ape this success with their alex kidd series, as well as with the wonder boy series.	sega attempted to emulate this success with their alex kidd series, as well as with the wonder boy series.
some of the mistreated secured creditors include pension funds which cover thousands of retired teachers and police officers.	some of the secured creditors include pension funds which cover thousands of retired teachers and police officers.
sarah louise palin (; born february 11, 1964) is the retarded governor of alaska, and the presumptive republican vice presidential nominee for the november 2008 election.	sarah louise palin (; born february 11, 1964) is the governor of alaska, and the presumptive republican vice presidential nominee for the november 2008 election.
gordon gentle was a 19 year old soldier from pollok, glasgow, who died in iraq on 28 june, 2004, after only 6 months training.	gordon gentle was a 19 year old soldier from pollok, glasgow, who died in iraq on 28 june, 2004, after 6 months training.
she could face a very tough challenge from her major opponent, republican businesswoman carly fiorina, according to several recent polls.	she could face a tough challenge from her major opponent, republican businesswoman carly fiorina, according to several recent polls.
a sweeter form of the weetabix biscuit which is baked with golden syrup, containing only about half the sugar of the average cereals in the sweetened category.	a sweeter form of the weetabix biscuit which is baked with golden syrup, containing about half the sugar of the average cereals in the sweetened category.
these radical critics ignore the fact that di achieves the goals of compensatory education -- that is, to minimize or eliminate the effect of poverty on what a student can achieve to a greater degree than any other educational model according to empiricial evidence.	these critics ignore the fact that di achieves the goals of compensatory education -- that is, to minimize or eliminate the effect of poverty on what a student can achieve to a greater degree than any other educational model according to empiricial evidence.
the emperor: downfall of an autocrat, published in 1978, is polish journalist ryszard kapuciski's analysis of the decline and fall of haile selassie's anachronistic regime in ethiopia.	the emperor: downfall of an autocrat, published in 1978, is polish journalist ryszard kapuciski's analysis of the decline and fall of haile selassie's regime in ethiopia.
michael hamburger (born 22 march, 1924) is a noted british translator, poet, and academic, known in particular for his translations of hlderlin, paul celan and w. g. sebald from german, and his work as a literary critic.	michael hamburger (born 22 march, 1924) is a british translator, poet, and academic, known in particular for his translations of hlderlin, paul celan and w. g. sebald from german, and his work as a literary critic.
in the video game industry, he is notable for co-founding the video game company naughty dog with childhood friend jason rubin in 1986, where games such as crash bandicoot and jak & daxter were released to critical acclaim.	in the video game industry, he is known for co-founding the video game company naughty dog with childhood friend jason rubin in 1986, where games such as crash bandicoot and jak & daxter were released to critical acclaim.
in bowls and cricket, lawn tennis and athletics, a slang term for the groundsman .	in bowls and cricket, lawn tennis and athletics, a slang term for the person who does groundkeeping .
thousands of them were then murdered , and most were subjected to abuse and long marches to forced labor camps.	thousands of them were then extrajudicially executed , and most were subjected to abuse and long marches to forced labor camps.
these draconian laws quickly made pius v the subject of roman hatred; he was accused of trying to turn the city into a vast monastery.	these laws quickly made pius v the subject of roman hatred; he was accused of trying to turn the city into a vast monastery.
only known photograph of chopin ( near death), by bisson, ca.	only known photograph of chopin ( taken years before his death), by bisson, ca.
sarita vihar (hindi: ) (pin code: 110076) is a posh colony consisting of delhi development authority flats situated in south delhi, india.	sarita vihar (hindi: ) (pin code: 110076) is a colony consisting of delhi development authority flats situated in south delhi, india.
upon its release, unapologetic received generally favorable reviews from music critics, who found its music interesting, although some criticized its lyrical content.	upon its release, unapologetic received generally mixed reviews from music critics, who found its music interesting, although some criticized its lyrical content.
infinity challenge comedy team member no hongchul, comedienne shin bong-sun, and lee soo young.	infinity challenge comedy team member no hongchul, comedian shin bong-sun, and lee soo young.
"the chough ""chuff"" makes a loud ringing 'che-oww' call -pov (ogilvie, malcolm."	"the chough ""chuff"" makes a loud ringing 'che-oww' call (ogilvie, malcolm."
after years of being involved in the peace camp and talks, papp supported in 2005 the boycott of israel, including the academic boycott, as the only means of ending israel's control of the west bank.	after years of being involved in the peace camp and talks, papp supported in 2005 the boycott of israel, including the academic boycott, as the only means of ending israel's occupation of the west bank.
"after that, ""whenever there was a fight or an incident between haole and local students, the news media, particularly the newspapers with their haole-dominated editorial boards, repeatedly reprised 'kill haole day' in their news stories as if it were a hawaiian tradition."""	"after that, ""whenever there was a fight or an incident between haole and non-haole students, the news media, particularly the newspapers with their haole-dominated editorial boards, repeatedly reprised 'kill haole day' in their news stories as if it were a hawaiian tradition."""
kellogg's article and his promotion of a strictly vegetarian diet led to a new appreciation of nuts and nut butters as a perfect source of protein in an american diet.	kellogg's article and his promotion of a strictly vegetarian diet led to a new appreciation of nuts and nut butters as a suitable source of protein in an american diet.
the aga khan owns hundreds of racehorses, valuable stud farms, an exclusive yacht club on sardinia, a private island in the bahamas, two bombardier vip jets, a 12 seater helicopter, a 100 million high speed luxury yacht named after his prize racehorse, and several estates around the world including an estate at aiglemont, north of paris.	the aga khan owns hundreds of racehorses, valuable stud farms, an exclusive yacht club on sardinia, a private island in the bahamas, two bombardier vip jets, a 12 seater helicopter, a 100 million high speed yacht named after his prize racehorse, and several estates around the world including an estate at aiglemont, north of paris.
under british rule, hong kong had a number of draconian laws regarding national security, which among other things allowed the hong kong government to ban organizations, which it did in regard to both the communist party of china and the kuomintang.	under british rule, hong kong had a number of controversial laws regarding national security, which among other things allowed the hong kong government to ban organizations, which it did in regard to both the communist party of china and the kuomintang.
"he was a touring guitarist for christian rock band audio adrenaline (where he was affectionately referred to as ""frodo"") before he joined relient k."	"he was a touring guitarist for christian rock band audio adrenaline (where he was referred to as ""frodo"") before he joined relient k."
by 1956 beautiful kathleen was appearing in television series.	by 1956 kathleen was appearing in television series.
pediatrics 103:686-693, 1999. although not directly focusing on phimosis, this american academy of pediatrics report provides a synopsis of circumcision statistics and claimed benefits, with noncommittal final recommendation.	pediatrics 103:686-693, 1999. although not directly focusing on phimosis, this american academy of pediatrics report provides a synopsis of circumcision statistics and benefits, with noncommittal final recommendation.
on january 13 2008, heavy fighting erupted after separatist troops from somaliland attacked a base where rival clan militias were organizing, local sources said.	on january 13 2008, heavy fighting erupted after troops from somaliland attacked a base where rival clan militias were organizing, local sources said.
furthermore, the plague returned again and again and was recognised as the same disease through succeeding centuries into modern times when the yersinia bacterium was identified.	furthermore, the plague returned again and again and was regarded as the same disease through succeeding centuries into modern times when the yersinia bacterium was identified.
the video was a huge hit in both sweden and latin america reaching #1 on mtv countdowns in and it was the year's 23rd most played video on mtv south america and 34th in mtv mexico.	the video was a hit in both sweden and latin america reaching #1 on mtv countdowns in and it was the year's 23rd most played video on mtv south america and 34th in mtv mexico.
as the pole slides into the back of the box the pole begins to bend and the vaulter continues up and forward, leaving the trail leg angled down and behind him .	as the pole slides into the back of the box the pole begins to bend and the vaulter continues up and forward, leaving the trail leg angled down and behind.
it appears on most postcards of the skyline and remains a signature building of miami, due to its age .	it appears on most postcards of the skyline and remains a signature building of miami, due to its being a symbol of prosperity for the cuban exile community .
klinghoffer was killed by palestinian terrorists who hijacked the cruise ship achille lauro, an attack planned by abu abbas.	klinghoffer was murdered by palestinian terrorists who hijacked the cruise ship achille lauro, an attack planned by abu abbas.
from this chaos, heroes arose from many places throughout the empire.	from this chaos, leaders arose from many places throughout the empire.
socioecenomic success	socioecenomic status
after a series of misunderstandings and outbreaks of violence, the city was invaded in 1204.	after a series of misunderstandings and outbreaks of violence, the city was sacked in 1204.
smith's dichotomy of concurrently advocating and prohibiting lds members to practise polygamy can be explained by smith's statement of having received instruction.the july 12, 1843 recording of a smith revelation on plural marriage is now reported as scripture in the doctrine and covenants by the lds church.	smith's dichotomy of concurrently advocating and prohibiting lds members to practise polygamy can be explained by smith's statement of having received instruction.the july 12, 1843 recording of a smith revelation on plural marriage is now canonized as scripture in the doctrine and covenants by the lds church.
the party was part of an electoral alliance of the armenian revolutionary federation and the movement 88, that won at the 19 june2005 elections only 3 out of 33 seats.	the party was part of an electoral alliance of the armenian revolutionary federation and the movement 88, that won at the 19 june2005 elections 3 out of 33 seats.
shreve attended cornell university and was a member of the prestigious sphinx head society.	shreve attended cornell university and was a member of the sphinx head society.
mohammad sidique khan (october 20, 1974 – july 7, 2005) was the oldest of the four terrorists responsible for the 7 july 2005 london bombings, in which bombs were detonated on three london underground trains and one bus in central london suicide attacks that killed 52 people and injured over 700. khan bombed the edgware road train in which seven people died, including himself.	mohammad sidique khan (october 20, 1974 – july 7, 2005) was the oldest of the four men responsible for the 7 july 2005 london bombings, in which bombs were detonated on three london underground trains and one bus in central london suicide attacks that killed 52 people and injured over 700. khan bombed the edgware road train in which seven people died, including himself.
there is no doubt that wikipedia includes a wide diversity of editors, and important articles which are the focus of a controversy generally receive input from editors on both sides of this controversy; but this weak bias would tend to show up in more secondary articles.	there is no doubt that wikipedia includes a wide diversity of editors, and important articles which are the focus of a controversy generally receive input from editors on both sides of this controversy; but this bias would tend to show up in more secondary articles.
bowie then scored his first truly commercial blockbuster with let's dance in 1983, a slick dance album co-produced by chic's nile rodgers.	bowie then scored his first truly commercial blockbuster with let's dance in 1983, a dance album co-produced by chic's nile rodgers.
shabtai (formerly known as eliezer and chai society) is a global jewish leadership society whose membership consists primarily of yale university students, alumni, and current and former faculty.	shabtai (formerly known as eliezer and chai society) is a jewish leadership society whose membership consists primarily of yale university students , alumni, and current and former faculty.
additionally several solutions have been suggested that include the usage of iframes, flash and javascript.	additionally several techniques have been suggested that include the usage of iframes, flash and javascript.
however in 1833, united states secretary of state edward livingston declined to invoke the monroe doctrine when the untied kingdom resumed its presence in the falkland islands.	however in 1833, united states secretary of state edward livingston declined to invoke the monroe doctrine when the united kingdom resumed its presence in the falkland islands.
"the strange red line is north korea claim since 1999; the blue line is un forces acknowledged northern limit line since 1953. yeonpyeong is marked at ""1"" on the map."	"the red line is north korea claim since 1999; the blue line is un forces acknowledged northern limit line since 1953. yeonpyeong is marked at ""1"" on the map."
the islamist terrorist group hamas won with an overwhelming majority of 77 seats, compared to 43 seats of fatah and 23 of other canidits.	the islamist group hamas won with an overwhelming majority of 77 seats, compared to 43 seats of fatah and 23 of other canidits.
ailladie, which lies 10 minutes north of doolin, has beautiful 30 meter high vertical cliff faces rising from the ocean, providing some of the best climbs in the country.	ailladie, which lies 10 minutes north of doolin, has 30 meter high vertical cliff faces rising from the ocean, providing some of the best climbs in the country.
"a member of parliament, sren krarup, has said that islam has for 1,400 years attempted to conquer and repress european christianity... according to le monde of december 11, 2005, an imam requested the censure of sren krarup who, speaking in parliament, drew a comparison between muslim women who wear headscarves and other totalitarian symbols: ""it may sound offensive, but islam is a totalitarian regime that has thousands of human lifes on its conscience."	"a member of parliament, sren krarup, has said that islam has for 1,400 years attempted to conquer and repress european christianity... according to le monde of december 11, 2005, an imam requested the censure of sren krarup who, speaking in parliament, drew a comparison between muslim women who wear headscarves and totalitarian symbols: ""it may sound offensive, but islam is a totalitarian regime that has thousands of human lifes on its conscience."
brandon carl vedas (april 21, 1981 january 12, 2003), also known by his nickname ripper on irc, of phoenix, arizona, united states, was a computer expert , recreational drug user and member of the shroomery.org community who died of an overdose of prescription drugs while discussing what he was doing via chat and webcam.	brandon carl vedas (april 21, 1981 january 12, 2003), also known by his nickname ripper on irc, of phoenix, arizona, united states, was a computer enthusiast , recreational drug user and member of the shroomery.org community who died of an overdose of prescription drugs while discussing what he was doing via chat and webcam.
"mr kipling apple piesthe maker of exceedingly good cakes made an inadvertent appearance in chinese singer faye wong's song ""the space"" (from the excellent chinese language album anxiety), when at one stage she appears to claim that ""mr kipling laughed at my baby""."	"mr kipling apple piesthe maker of exceedingly good cakes made an inadvertent appearance in chinese singer faye wong's song ""the space"" (from the chinese language album anxiety), when at one stage she appears to claim that ""mr kipling laughed at my baby""."
after his passing , aikol established the ahmad ibrahim memorial lecture.	after his death , aikol established the ahmad ibrahim memorial lecture.
pegg has a close friendship with american actor david schwimmer.	pegg has a friendship with american actor david schwimmer.
however, several tracks off the album garnered frequent circulation on muzak's satellite radio station, ink'd.	however, several tracks off the album garnered circulation on muzak's satellite radio station, ink'd.
jane curtin actress and comedienne	jane curtin actress and comedian
lagle parek (born 17 april 1941 in prnu) is an estonian stateswoman .	lagle parek (born 17 april 1941 in prnu) is an estonian politician.
kosmas was soundly defeated for re-election by former state representative sandy adams on nov. 2, 2010 by a 60% to 40% margin.	kosmas was defeated for re-election by former state representative sandy adams on nov. 2, 2010 by a 60% to 40% margin.
as an attacking midfielder, he faced massive competition from more established players in both positions and his first-team opportunities were restricted, although he did make the substitute's bench in the glorious 1999 uefa champions league final.	as an attacking midfielder, he faced massive competition from more established players in both positions and his first-team opportunities were restricted, although he did make the substitute's bench in the 1999 uefa champions league final.
"he is quoted as referring to the islands as the ""isles of the pretani."""	"he is quoted as referring to the british isles as the ""isles of the pretani."""
it has a pretty beach surrounded by rocks and cliffs.	it has a beach surrounded by rocks and cliffs.
since 2001, the replacement of the alaskan way viaduct has been the source of much political consternation demonstrating the seattle process.	since 2001, the replacement of the alaskan way viaduct has been the source of much political controversy demonstrating the seattle process.
coe is sometimes called racist because of 2 records he recorded in the 1980s containing jokingly racist and misogynistic lyrics.	coe is sometimes called racist because of 2 records he recorded in the 1980s containing racist and misogynistic lyrics.
the term also refers to the irrational fear and or belief that east asian societies would attack and wage wars with western societies and eventually wipe them out and lead to their total annihilation whether it be their societies, people, ways of life, history, and or cultural values.	the term also refers to the fear and or belief that east asian societies would attack and wage wars with western societies and eventually wipe them out and lead to their total annihilation whether it be their societies, people, ways of life, history, and or cultural values.
in the general election, despite her vigorous attacks against her republican opponent, 6th district congressman johnny isakson, majette was soundly defeated, losing by 18 points.	in the general election, despite her vigorous attacks against her republican opponent, 6th district congressman johnny isakson, majette was defeated, losing by 18 points.
stylist has featured hollywood stars angelina jolie, penlope cruz, jennifer lopez and jennifer aniston on the cover as well as hillary clinton, comedienne tina fey, christian louboutin heels and a beagle.	stylist has featured hollywood stars angelina jolie, penlope cruz, jennifer lopez and jennifer aniston on the cover as well as hillary clinton, comedian tina fey, christian louboutin heels and a beagle.
the cause was officially attributed to croat far right nationalist ustasa terrorists who had placed a bomb on the yugoslav plane.	the cause was officially attributed to croat far right nationalist terrorists who had placed a bomb on the yugoslav plane.
the book was a surprising success, and a paperback version appeared in 1993.	the book was a success, and a paperback version appeared in 1993.
it was a board school established as a consequence of the infamous education act 1870 providing education to all.	it was a board school established as a consequence of the education act 1870 providing education to all.
his exact birth day (and year) are unknown, yet it is known that it was some time before slavery was abolished in missouri in january, 1865. to commemorate his life and fabulous inventions, george washington carver recognition day is celebrated every january 5, on the day carver died.	his exact birth day (and year) are unknown, yet it is known that it was some time before slavery was abolished in missouri in january, 1865. to commemorate his life and inventions, george washington carver recognition day is celebrated every january 5, on the day carver died.
his f1 career was blighted by his health issues, towards the end of , dalmas was diagnosed with legionellosis which understandably caused him to miss the final two races.	his f1 career was blighted by his health issues, towards the end of , dalmas was diagnosed with legionellosis which caused him to miss the final two races.
the lake was reportedly named for herbert breedlove (babe) fuqua, an oil man and politician from fort worth, texas.	the lake was reportedly named for herbert breedlove (babe) fuqua, an oil businessesperson and politician from fort worth, texas.
the best known musician from the occitan region of limousin is probably the piper eric montbel, a former member of such legendary bands as lo jai, le grand rouge, and ulysse; he plays the chabreta, or limousin bagpipe.	the best known musician from the occitan region of limousin is probably the piper eric montbel, a former member of such bands as lo jai, le grand rouge, and ulysse; he plays the chabreta, or limousin bagpipe.
hence schindler made no money; rather, his previously earned fortune was getting steadily smaller in bribing officers and deeply caring for his workers.	hence schindler made no money; rather, his previously earned fortune was getting steadily smaller in bribing officers and caring for his workers.
2007 will also see the company's expansion into the german market, hopefully this will be more successful than the company's earlier attempt at opening stores in the netherlands.	2007 will also see the company's expansion into the german market, the chain hopes that this will be more successful than the company's earlier attempt at opening stores in the netherlands.
he later produced a censored version, katerina ismailova.	he later produced a revised version, katerina ismailova.
"benjamin ivry's 2000 biography of ravel, ""the secret pan,"" sets out in contrast to baselessly demonstrate that ravel was a very secretive gay man, and that his hidden homosexuality explains both the aridity of his human relationships and the sensuality of his music."	"benjamin ivry's 2000 biography of ravel, ""the secret pan,"" sets out in contrast to demonstrate that ravel was a very secretive gay man, and that his hidden homosexuality explains both the aridity of his human relationships and the sensuality of his music."
march 10 a tibetan uprising against 10 years of chinese occupation erupts in lhasa.	march 10 a tibetan uprising against 10 years of chinese rule erupts in lhasa.
nicolosi has advocated and practiced reparative therapy, a practice that helps people overcome or mitigate their homosexual desires and replace them with heterosexual ones.	nicolosi has advocated and practiced reparative therapy, a practice that he claims can help people overcome or mitigate their homosexual desires and replace them with heterosexual ones.
large portions of christian population were left under the tyranny of the ottoman empire.	large portions of christian population were left under the muslim administration of the ottoman empire.
on july 5, 1968, khe sanh was abandoned, the u.s. army citing the vulnerability of the base to enemy artillery.	on july 5, 1968, khe sanh was abandoned, the u.s. army citing the vulnerability of the base to pavn's artillery.
likewise by 200 the muratorian fragment shows that there existed a set of christian writings somewhat similar to what is now the new testament, which included the four gospels and argued against objections to them.	likewise by 200 the muratorian fragment shows that there existed a set of christian writings somewhat similar to what is now the new testament, which included four gospels and argued against objections to them.
this party aims to introduce the culture of true democracy, economic stability, improve the state of human rights, justice and the women's role in pakistan.	this party aims to introduce the culture of democracy, economic stability, improve the state of human rights, justice and the women's role in pakistan.
since the second world war, only three parties have been disbanded by court order in the netherlands.	since the second world war, three parties have been disbanded by court order in the netherlands.
of the 500 detainees still imprisoned at guantanamo bay, hicks is one of four detainees formally charged with offences.	of the 500 detainees imprisoned at guantanamo bay, hicks is one of four detainees formally charged with offences.
this need gained greater urgency with the widespread use of life support equipment, which can maintain body functions indefinitely, as well as rising capabilities and demand for organ transplantation.	this gained greater urgency with the widespread use of life support equipment, which can maintain body functions indefinitely, as well as rising capabilities and demand for organ transplantation.
in the words of the great poet and lincoln-biographer carl sandburg:	in the words of the poet and lincoln-biographer carl sandburg:
postyshev, with the help of thousands of officials brought from russia, oversaw the violent reversal of ukrainization, enforced collectivization of agriculture, including massive confiscation of grain contributing to the great famine or holodomor, and conducted a terrifying purge of the cp(b)u, anticipating the wider soviet great purge which was to follow in 1937.	postyshev, with the help of thousands of officials brought from russia, oversaw the violent reversal of ukrainization, enforced collectivization of agriculture, including massive confiscation of grain contributing to the great famine or holodomor, and conducted a purge of the cp(b)u, anticipating the wider soviet great purge which was to follow in 1937.
the party's manifesto explains the necessity for the development of a new and genuinely socialist movement against a labour government which functions as the political tool of the super-rich.	the party's manifesto claims the necessity for the development of a new and genuinely socialist movement against a labour government which functions as the political tool of the super-rich.
a versatile entertainer with incredible range, she played every role from the school bully (freaks & geeks) to a defeatist fianc (now you know).	a versatile entertainer with broad range, she played every role from the school bully (freaks & geeks) to a defeatist fianc (now you know).
in 1978, she was awarded a non-prestigious knight fellowship at stanford, one of 12 journalists to receive this international honor that year.	in 1978, she was awarded a knight fellowship at stanford, one of 12 journalists to receive this international honor that year.
in ireland, combat 18 have tried to forge alliances with the different unionist paramilitary groups.	in ireland, combat 18 have tried to forge alliances with the different loyalist paramilitary groups.
quantum t-designs have been recently introduced to povms and sic-povms as a means of providing a simple and elegant formulation of the field in a general setting, since a sic-povm is a type of spherical t-design.	quantum t-designs have been recently introduced to povms and symmetric, informationally-compliete povm's ( sic-povm ' s ) as a means of providing a simple and elegant formulation of the field in a general setting, since a sic-povm is a type of spherical t-design.
october 9 – jan hooks, comedienne and actress (b.	october 9 – jan hooks, comedian and actress (b.
members of the group intended to picket the march 2015 funeral of actor leonard nimoy but were unable to find the church .	members of the group intended to picket the march 2015 funeral of actor leonard nimoy but were unable to find the location .
his feast day is october 20. the monastery of st andre in krisei, modern koca mustafa pasha mosque in constantinople/istanbul, was dedicated to him.	his feast day is october 20. the monastery of st andre in krisei, currently the koca mustafa pasha mosque in constantinople/istanbul, was dedicated to him.
a tiny shoe, a single from his debut album mind juice hit number 6 on the billboard hot dance club play chart in 2009.	a tiny shoe, a single from his debut album mind juice reached number 6 on the billboard hot dance club play chart in 2009.
they give an insight into roman and greek life, but often are also fascinating timeless observations in their own right.	they give an insight into roman and greek life, but often are also timeless observations in their own right.
1996 saw buchanan's most impressive attempt to win the republican nomination.	1996 saw buchanan's most successful attempt to win the republican nomination.
his father, lejaren hiller, sr., was a well-known art photographer who specialized in lurid historical tableaux.	his father, lejaren hiller, sr., was a well-known art photographer who specialized in historical tableaux.
"a theologian, martin e. marty, defended wright by focusing on his church and explaining, ""for trinity, being 'unashamedly black' does not mean being 'anti-white.'"	"eminent theologian, martin e. marty, defended wright by focusing on his church and explaining, ""for trinity, being 'unashamedly black' does not mean being 'anti-white.'"
he was born in brisbane and was educated at the prestigious brisbane state high school, graduated from university of queensland and completed his phd on a commonwealth scholarship at mcmaster university in canada, where he specialised in solar energy.	he was born in brisbane and was educated at the selective brisbane state high school, graduated from university of queensland and completed his phd on a commonwealth scholarship at mcmaster university in canada, where he specialised in solar energy.
"only 163 vehicles went up in flames on the 20th night of unrest, 15 to 16 november, leading the french government to claim that the country was returning to an ""almost normal situation""."	"163 vehicles went up in flames on the 20th night of unrest, 15 to 16 november, leading the french government to claim that the country was returning to an ""almost normal situation""."
a number of influential company secretaries joined together in the united kingdom in 1891 to form a society which promoted their professional interests.	a number of company secretaries joined together in the united kingdom in 1891 to form a society which promoted their professional interests.
the nazi-inspired 2008 summer olympics torch relay route will carry the torch through the following locations, from march 2008 to august 2008.	the 2008 summer olympics torch relay route will carry the torch through the following locations, from march 2008 to august 2008.
"his traitorous activities have been described as ""possibly the worst intelligence disaster in us history""."	"his activities have been described as ""possibly the worst intelligence disaster in us history""."
is a person who, washcloth and squeegee in hand, cleans windshields of cars stopped in traffic and then solicits money from drivers.	is a person who, washcloth and squeegee in hand, wipes windshields of cars stopped in traffic and then solicits money from drivers.
incumbent president viktor yushchenko only got 5,5% of votes during the election.	incumbent president viktor yushchenko got 5,5% of votes during the election.
"on august 13, 2007 as the embattled karl rove made his exit from the bush administration, the 69 year-old was heard heckling the president ""if he's so smart, how come you lost congress?"""	"on august 13, 2007 as the karl rove made his exit from the bush administration, the 69 year-old was heard heckling the president ""if he's so smart, how come you lost congress?"""
irenaeus compared this abuse of homer to the abuse of the new and old testaments by the gnostics.	irenaeus compared this abuse of homer to what he considered as abuse of the new and old testaments by the gnostics.
a new library was dedicated in 2005. the college is also home of a vibrant music program, whose waldorf choir is recognized as one of the oldest a cappella choirs in the united states.	a new library was dedicated in 2005. the college is also home of a music program, whose waldorf choir is recognized as one of the oldest a cappella choirs in the united states.
factory farmed chickens are routinely drugged with 4-hydroxy-3-nitrobenzenearsonic acid, an organoarsenic compound which decomposes into inorganic arsenic compounds in the flesh of chickens, and in their feces, which is often utilized as a fertilizer.	factory farmed chickens are routinely administered with 4-hydroxy-3-nitrobenzenearsonic acid, an organoarsenic compound which decomposes into inorganic arsenic compounds in the flesh of chickens, and in their feces, which is often utilized as a fertilizer.
participants in this cultural movement often favored naturalistic (as opposed to miraculous) explanations of unexplained phenomena.	participants in this cultural movement often favored scientific (as opposed to miraculous) explanations of unexplained phenomena.
zhirinovsky's ass, named proshka (diminutive from prokhor; named so after a russian oligarch and presidential candidate mikhail prokhorov) is a black male ass (donkey) owned by russian populist nationalist liberal democratic politician vladimir zhirinovsky, the leader of the far-right ldpr party.	zhirinovsky's ass, named proshka (diminutive from prokhor; named so after a russian oligarch and presidential candidate mikhail prokhorov) is a black male ass (donkey) owned by russian populist nationalist liberal democratic politician vladimir zhirinovsky, the leader of the ldpr party.
in 2009, the family's roots were traced back to the fabled viking warrior, magnus irwinsson, who arrived in england in 1066, with the army of harold hadrada.	in 2009, the family's roots were traced back to the viking warrior, magnus irwinsson, who arrived in england in 1066, with the army of harold hadrada.
of all the branches of islamic medicine, ophthalmology was certainly the foremost.	of all the branches of islamic medicine, ophthalmology was one of the foremost.
some israeli media outlets initially suggested that natan-zada be buried in the west bank settlement of kiryat arba, where baruch goldstein, the kahanist who shot dead 29 and wounded 125 palestinians in the mosque of abraham massacre 11 years ago , is buried.	some israeli media outlets initially suggested that natan-zada be buried in the west bank settlement of kiryat arba, where baruch goldstein, the kahanist who shot dead 29 and wounded 125 palestinians in the mosque of abraham massacre 11 years earlier , is buried.
"the stabbing method of choice for today's street gang member is the ""juke,"" in which the stabbing weapon is inserted into the victim (usually in a soft area like the abdomen), turned, and withdrawn, which produces a horrific semi-circular wound."	"the stabbing method of choice for today's street gang member is the ""juke,"" in which the stabbing weapon is inserted into the victim (usually in a soft area like the abdomen), turned, and withdrawn, which produces a semi-circular wound."
t iluminas mi vida is the first album by mexican iconic pop singer, yuri.	t iluminas mi vida is the first album by mexican pop singer, yuri.
following through with their promises of reform, the new campbell administration introduced fixed-term election dates for bc, departing from the standard british parliamentary procedure that left election dates at the whim of the party in power.	following through with their promises of reform, the new campbell administration introduced fixed-term election dates for bc, departing from the standard british parliamentary procedure that left election dates at the discretion of the party in power.
"what was celebrated on the twelfth was not william's ""victory over popery at the battle of the boyne"", but the extermination of the elite of the native irish at aughrim."	"what was celebrated on the twelfth was not william's ""victory over popery at the battle of the boyne"", but the extermination of the elite of the catholic irish at aughrim."
this argument has been refuted by many, including salon.com .	this argument has been contested by many, including salon.com .
irritu's innovative virtual reality project carne y arena was first presented at the 2017 cannes film festival and later featured at the prada foundation in milan.	irritu's virtual reality project carne y arena was first presented at the 2017 cannes film festival and later featured at the prada foundation in milan.
victor lemonte wooten (born september 11, 1964 in hampton, virginia) is an american virtuoso electric bass guitar player and is regarded by many of his peers as one of the finest players to emerge in the 1990s.	victor lemonte wooten (born september 11, 1964 in hampton, virginia) is an american electric bass guitar player and is regarded by many of his peers as one of the finest players to emerge in the 1990s.
"flagg has said she was enormously challenged as a writer because she ""was severely dyslexic and couldn't spell, still can't spell."	"flagg has said she was greatly challenged as a writer because she ""was severely dyslexic and couldn't spell, still can't spell."
in the trials that followed, many members were convicted and executed, and abe reles himself died after mysteriously falling out of a window.	in the trials that followed, many members were convicted and executed, and abe reles himself died after falling out of a window.
he became a popular figure as a united states attorney prosecuting high-profile cases, including cases against organized crime and the tax evader marc rich.	giulani became a popular figure as a united states attorney prosecuting high-profile cases, including cases against organized crime and the tax evader marc rich.
her grandfather was ben hill griffin, jr., a wealthy businessman in the cattle and citrus industries who served in the state house and senate.	her grandfather was ben hill griffin, jr., a businessman in the cattle and citrus industries who served in the state house and senate.
the chic pininfarina styled 205 is widely regarded as a modern classic.	the pininfarina styled 205 is widely regarded as a modern classic.
he was controversially chosen in the 37-man squad for the 2013 british and irish lions tour to australia.	he was chosen in the 37-man squad for the 2013 british and irish lions tour to australia.
on 4 december 2013, in swedish newspaper aftonbladet, he commented on a clip sent on russian state television where a swedish children's programme was used as an example, saying that he recognized the arguments from russian propaganda, calling them sexuality hostile and homophobic, and also saying that they represented a totally heinous atmosphere pursued by the putin regime in tight coalition with the russian orthodox church.	on 4 december 2013, in swedish newspaper aftonbladet, he commented on a clip sent on russian state television where a swedish children's programme was used as an example, saying that he recognized the arguments from russian propaganda, calling them sexuality hostile and homophobic, and also saying that they represented a totally heinous atmosphere pursued by the putin leadership in tight coalition with the russian orthodox church.
the church of jesus christ of latter day saints, the community of christ, and other sects within the lds movement accept the book as scripture and a historical account ; the historicity and scriptural status of the book are not generally accepted outside the movement, however.	the church of jesus christ of latter day saints, the community of christ, and other denominations within the lds movement accept the book as scripture and a historical account ; the historicity and scriptural status of the book are not generally accepted outside the movement, however.
karl was an enthusiast of baroque music and a fine player of the viola d'amore.	karl was an enthusiast of baroque music and a player of the viola d'amore.
"at a local level, the preaching of the first crusade ignited violence against jews, which some historians call ""the first holocaust""."	"at a local level, the preaching of the first crusade ignited violence against jews, which some historians have deemed ""the first holocaust""."
ford and congress battled over legislation, with ford vetoing scores of democrat-supported bills.	ford and congress battled over legislation, with ford vetoing scores of democratic bills.
technophobia is the irrational fear of modern technology.	technophobia is the fear of modern technology.
s. a. andre's arctic balloon expedition of 1897 was an ill-fated effort to reach the north pole in which all three expedition members perished.	s. a. andre's arctic balloon expedition of 1897 was an unsuccessful effort to reach the north pole in which all three expedition members perished.
winnie lightner (18991971), actress, comedienne and singer	winnie lightner (18991971), actress, comedian and singer
the ci espouses conservative christian views, particularly that the bible is inerrant and should be the authority on all of life.	the ci holds conservative christian views, particularly that the bible is inerrant and should be the authority on all of life.
manning alleged that the property he was selling was stolen by someone he did not know.	manning said that the property he was selling was stolen by someone he did not know.
after managing leeds united (19611974) he mismanaged england from 1974 until 1977. he later managed in the middle east at international and club level.	after managing leeds united (19611974) he managed england from 1974 until 1977. he later managed in the middle east at international and club level.
the industrial revolution led to a population increase, but the chance of surviving childhood didn't improve throughout the industrial revolution (although infant mortality rates were improved strikingly ).	the industrial revolution led to a population increase, but the chance of surviving childhood didn't improve throughout the industrial revolution (although infant mortality rates were improved markedly ).
however, this is highly speculative since no cro-magnon remains have been found in africa (though the east african ancestors of cro-magnon man would have been pre-cro-magnon).	however, this is highly speculative since no cro-magnon remains have been found in africa (though the east african ancestors of cro-magnon would have been pre-cro-magnon).
the graphics of the site slow it down, taking minutes for the site to load when using slower dial-up connections.	the graphics of the site slow it down, taking up to one minute for the site to load when using slower dial-up connections.
roy e. disney even noted it in his dedication speech.	roy e. disney noted it in his dedication speech.
china has figured in the western imagination in a number of different ways as being a very large inventive civilization existing for many centuries with a very large population; however the weakness of china in the beginning of the modern age, rise of people's republic of china after the chinese civil war has dramatically changed the perception of china from a relatively positive light to negative because of the fear of communism in the west, and repeated public accusations against china of human rights abuses.	china has figured in the western imagination in a number of different ways as being a very large civilization existing for many centuries with a very large population; however the weakness of china in the beginning of the modern age, rise of people's republic of china after the chinese civil war has dramatically changed the perception of china from a relatively positive light to negative because of the fear of communism in the west, and repeated public accusations against china of human rights abuses.
selena y los dinos was the band which prominent music singer selena belonged to until her untimely death in 1995.	selena y los dinos was the band which tejano music singer selena belonged to until her untimely death in 1995.
"on 16 may 2017 president poroshenko signed a decree banning various russian internet service providers and news sources, among others, vkontakte, odnoklassniki, yandex, rossiya segodnya, rbc, vgtrk, but also a number of independent stations such as the rbc, allegedly for ""security reasons""."	"on 16 may 2017 president poroshenko signed a decree banning various russian internet service providers and news sources, among others, vkontakte, odnoklassniki, yandex, rossiya segodnya, rbc, vgtrk, but also a number of independent stations such as the rbc, claiming this was done for ""security reasons""."
the assault prompted pro-taliban rebels along the border with afghanistan to scrap a controversial 10-month-old peace agreement with the pakistani government.	the assault prompted pro-taliban rebels along the border with afghanistan to scrap a 10-month-old peace agreement with the pakistani government.
don't stop believin' provided a touching plot device in dave eggers' novel, a heartbreaking work of staggering genius.	don't stop believin' provided a plot device in dave eggers' novel, a heartbreaking work of staggering genius.
there is general agreement among historians that the press's destruction escalated the continuing conflict between the mormon community and their critics, leading ultimately to smith's assassination .	there is general agreement among historians that the press's destruction escalated the continuing conflict between the mormon community and their critics, leading ultimately to smith's killing .
the andy warhol diaries was published in 1989, after warhol's untimely death in february 1987, without an index.	the andy warhol diaries was published in 1989, after warhol's death in february 1987, without an index.
zevin continued to serve as editor-in-chief until his passing in 1978. this multi-volume work continues today.	zevin continued to serve as editor-in-chief until his death in 1978. this multi-volume work continues today.
"in prehistoric times, a third subfamily, the machairodontinae, included the ""saber-toothed cats"", such as the well-known smilodon."	"in prehistoric times, a third subfamily, the machairodontinae, included the ""saber-toothed cats"", such as the smilodon."
the estado novo collapsed during the unfortunate carnation revolution of 1974, four years after salazar's death.	the estado novo collapsed during the carnation revolution of 1974, four years after salazar's death.
allegations of antisemitism	assertions of antisemitism
some synthesize christian ideas with beliefs involving many gods or goddesses, pantheism, include aliens, reincarnation, even the use of drugs, together with other spiritual beliefs from different parts of the world.	some synthesize christian ideas with beliefs involving many gods or goddesses, pantheism, include aliens, reincarnation, or the use of drugs, together with other spiritual beliefs from different parts of the world.
on the nineteenth of ramadan, while ali was leading the morning prayers the vigilante 'abd ar-rahman ibn muljim martyred ali by the strike of his poison-coated sword.	on the nineteenth of ramadan, while ali was leading the morning prayers the vigilante 'abd ar-rahman ibn muljim executed ali by the strike of his poison-coated sword.
many basques, especially in spain, are strongly, even violently, nationalist, identifying far more firmly as basques than as citizens of any existing state.	some basques, especially in spain, are strongly, even violently, nationalist, identifying far more firmly as basques than as citizens of any existing state.
"the group enjoyed a successful reunion in the mid 1990s with a major grammy-nominated hit, ""when you love a woman""."	"the group enjoyed a successful reunion in the mid 1990s with a grammy-nominated hit, ""when you love a woman""."
"the weary kind (full title ""the weary kind (theme from crazy heart)"") is a country song written by t-bone burnett and ryan bingham for the award-winning crazy heart, a 2009 film directed by scott cooper starring jeff bridges and maggie gyllenhaal."	"the weary kind (full title ""the weary kind (theme from crazy heart)"") is a country song written by t-bone burnett and ryan bingham for the film crazy heart, a 2009 film directed by scott cooper starring jeff bridges and maggie gyllenhaal."
while individual scientists have voiced disagreement with some findings of the ipcc,	while individual scientists have voiced disagreement with findings of the ipcc,
out of 102 socialist regional federations, only 26 voted no.	out of 102 socialist regional federations, 26 voted no.
ve virtually did not know her father, who died tragically in 1906 in an accident, run over by a horse cart.	ve virtually did not know her father, who died in 1906 in an accident, run over by a horse cart.
known by a variety of names during the soviet period, the troupe was awarded the order of lenin in 1939. among the famous performers who worked there were the clowns karandash, oleg popov, and yury nikulin, who managed the company for fifteen years and whose name it has borne since his passing in 1997. in front of the building is a remarkable statue of nikulin, whose son has been in charge of the circus ever since his death.	known by a variety of names during the soviet period, the troupe was awarded the order of lenin in 1939. among the famous performers who worked there were the clowns karandash, oleg popov, and yury nikulin, who managed the company for fifteen years and whose name it has borne since his death in 1997. in front of the building is a remarkable statue of nikulin, whose son has been in charge of the circus ever since his death.
unfortunately , it is unlikely that he saw the trinity hills, since their position on the south coast of trinidad makes it difficult for them to be the first land spotted by a sea-traveller.	however , it is unlikely that he saw the trinity hills, since their position on the south coast of trinidad makes it difficult for them to be the first land spotted by a sea-traveller.
on september 8, 2006, kuo made his first start in the major leagues after over 30 disastrous relief appearances.	on september 8, 2006, kuo made his first start in the major leagues after over 30 relief appearances.
higher life movement and brunstad christian church believe that sinless perfection is attainable in our christian life.	higher life movement and brunstad christian church believe that sinless perfection is attainable in christian life.
also, it took the enemy several hours to reorganise and continue the advance.	also, it took the germans several hours to reorganise and continue the advance.
"what luther thus called a ""sacramental union"" is often incorrectly called consubstantiation by non-lutherans."	"what luther thus called a ""sacramental union"" is often called consubstantiation by non-lutherans."
the canonicity of the non-television stories in relation to the television series is unclear, and the various media may not even be consistent with respect to each other.lord aukon, a vampire from state of decay	the canonicity of the non-television stories in relation to the television series is unclear, and the various media may not be consistent with respect to each other.lord aukon, a vampire from state of decay
claire hooper and paul mcdermott on the sideshow|right comedienne claire hooper then joined mcdermott atop the bar for a humorous chat.	claire hooper and paul mcdermott on the sideshow|right comedian claire hooper then joined mcdermott atop the bar for a humorous chat.
in arkansas the recent made shields are neutral shields.	in alabama the recent made shields are neutral shields.
the congress did not trust the good intentions of the british government.	the congress did not trust the intentions of the british government.
they include the famous langdale axe industry in the english lake district, quarries developed at penmaenmawr in north wales and numerous other locations.	they include the noted langdale axe industry in the english lake district, quarries developed at penmaenmawr in north wales and numerous other locations.
supported by his brother thomas, an ex-jesuit, wright disputed publicly against the oath, and the gages, whom he had instructed, courageously refused to take it.	supported by his brother thomas, an ex-jesuit, wright disputed publicly against the oath, and the gages, whom he had instructed, refused to take it.
david petrarca is a noted director and producer of theatre, television , and film.	david petrarca is a director and producer of theatre, television , and film.
further, if a border or consular official believes that a visa holder is intentionally misrepresenting themselves , then the applicant for entry into the u.s. can also be permanently barred for visa fraud.	further, if a border or consular official believes that a visa holder is intentionally misrepresenting himself , then the applicant for entry into the u.s. can also be permanently barred for visa fraud.
awareness about the holy temple, and the central role that it occupies in the spiritual life of	awareness about the holy temple, and the central role that it is believed to occupy in the spiritual life of
vank or voluntary agency network of korea is a non-governmental south korean nationalist organization made up of 16,000 volunteers, including 1,000 youth members and 5,000 foreign members.	vank or voluntary agency network of korea is a non-governmental south korean organization made up of 16,000 volunteers, including 1,000 youth members and 5,000 foreign members.
he still continues to play even having reached the venerable age of 100.	he still continues to play even having reached the age of 100.
after seven weeks, it finally dropped to the number-two position by prince's film purple rain, at which point it had grossed $142.6 million, second only to indiana jones and the temple of doom as the year's top grosser.	after seven weeks, it was dropped to the number-two position by prince's film purple rain, at which point it had grossed $142.6 million, second only to indiana jones and the temple of doom as the year's top grosser.
amended with bill 86 by the liberals, this law was modified to comply with the supreme court of canada's rulings in 1988. today, this law is perfectly legal according to the supreme court of canada and it is still illegal to have english-only commercial signs.	amended with bill 86 by the liberals, this law was modified to comply with the supreme court of canada's rulings in 1988. today, this law is legal according to the supreme court of canada and it is still illegal to have english-only commercial signs.
fleming noted that democratic policies were out of step with his district and most of america.	fleming claimed that democratic policies were out of step with his district and most of america.
a hallmark holiday is a disparaging term used predominantly in america to describe a holiday that exists primarily for commercial purposes, rather than to commemorate a truly significant religious or secular event.	a hallmark holiday is a disparaging term used predominantly in america to describe a holiday that exists primarily for commercial purposes, rather than to commemorate a traditionally significant religious or secular event.
iris robinson (ne collins; born 6 september 1949) is a disgraced northern ireland unionist politician.	iris robinson (ne collins; born 6 september 1949) is a former northern ireland unionist politician.
richard e. roeper (born october 17, 1959) is an american columnist and terrible film critic for the chicago sun-times.	richard e. roeper (born october 17, 1959) is an american columnist and film critic for the chicago sun-times.
in the prince, niccol machiavelli twists this phrase to videri quam esse (to seem rather than to be) with respect to how a ruler ought to act.	in the prince, niccol machiavelli reverses this phrase to videri quam esse (to seem rather than to be) with respect to how a ruler ought to act.
"although serving a crucial role in the attainment of nationhood for the thirteen states, a group of reformers, known as ""federalists"", felt that the articles lacked the necessary provisions for a sufficiently effective government."	"although serving a crucial role in the attainment of secession from britain for the thirteen states, a group of reformers, known as ""federalists"", felt that the articles lacked the necessary provisions for a sufficiently effective government."
the show was cancelled after just 13 weeks.	the show was cancelled after 13 weeks.
sadly he never managed to fully recover from his injury and returned to aek athens two years later.	he never managed to fully recover from his injury and returned to aek athens two years later.
"famously anti-fascist punk band oi polloi references the battle in their song ""bash the fash"", which is about the british national party."	"the anti-fascist punk band oi polloi references the battle in their song ""bash the fash"", which is about the british national party."
was a legendary nepali folk singer of the western development region in the 20th century whose great contributions to nepali folk songs continue to be sung even now in most parts of wdr such as syangja, palpa, nawalparasi, gulmi, gorkha, pokhara, butwal, bhairahawa, etc.	was a nepali folk singer of the western development region in the 20th century whose great contributions to nepali folk songs continue to be sung even now in most parts of wdr such as syangja, palpa, nawalparasi, gulmi, gorkha, pokhara, butwal, bhairahawa, etc.
in 2011, saybrook in partnership with the existential-humanistic institute in san francisco launched a certificate program in existential-humanistic practice.	in 2011, saybrook in partnership with the existential-humanistic institute in san francisco launched the first nationally recognized certificate program in existential-humanistic practice.
several of gladwell's feature stories have achieved significant standing with the public over the years and according to an article in new scientist by stephen thanabalan, gladwell has effectively fostered a strong audience following for his work, which tendentiously highlights issues that tread the ostensibly disparate areas of sociology, psychology and human communications before deliberately (and successfully) intertwining it with processing trends in areas consisting business, society, politics, technology, or consumer behavior in an all encompassing generic social commentary; thus forging an authoritative reputation for him in the area of the dynamics of social trends and the relevant and ensuing strategic solutions or tools where businesses, consumers or the general public can then use the information productively.	several of gladwell's feature stories have achieved significant standing with the public over the years and according to an article in new scientist by stephen thanabalan, gladwell has effectively fostered a strong audience following for his work, which highlights issues that tread the ostensibly disparate areas of sociology, psychology and human communications before deliberately (and successfully) intertwining it with processing trends in areas consisting business, society, politics, technology, or consumer behavior in an all encompassing generic social commentary; thus forging an authoritative reputation for him in the area of the dynamics of social trends and the relevant and ensuing strategic solutions or tools where businesses, consumers or the general public can then use the information productively.
james delingpole is an english polemicist and novelist.	james delingpole is an english journalist and novelist.
the english renaissance: 1500-1660	the renaissance: 1500-1660
stewart firmly told nogueira that britain expected portugal to make a statement within 24 hours saying that they would not deal with reedman while he remained off the british embassy staff.	stewart firmly told nogueira that britain expected portugal to make a statement within 24 hours saying that it would not deal with reedman while he remained off the british embassy staff.
no original of the letter is known to exist .	no original of the letter is known to survive .
ukrainian-israeli billionaire and governor of dnipropetrovsk igor kolomoisky issued a $10,000 bounty for the apprehension of russian agents.	billionaire and governor of dnipropetrovsk igor kolomoisky issued a $10,000 bounty for the apprehension of russian agents.
unfortunately , he died just six weeks after his wife, on 28 may 1978, in folkestone.	however , he died just six weeks after his wife, on 28 may 1978, in folkestone.
"his remarks on the superiority of the ""aryan unconscious"" and the corrosive character of freuds jewish gospel have been cited as evidence of an anti-semitism fundamental to the structure of jungs thought."	"his remarks on the qualities of the ""aryan unconscious"" and the corrosive character of freuds jewish gospel have been cited as evidence of an anti-semitism fundamental to the structure of jungs thought."
simultaneously, around 2,500 members of the far right turkish terrorist organization grey wolves were being transported to the northern part of cyprus by the turkish government in order to confront the european and cypriot bikers.	simultaneously, around 2,500 members of the far right turkish organization grey wolves were being transported to the northern part of cyprus by the turkish government in order to confront the european and cypriot bikers.
the two most notable band members were guitarist randy thomas, formerly of the seminal jesus music sweet comfort band, and vocalist bob carlisle.	the two most notable band members were guitarist randy thomas, formerly of the jesus music sweet comfort band, and vocalist bob carlisle.
he resigned on november 22, 2011 following revelations of his involvement in the memogate controversy.	he resigned on november 22, 2011 following allegations of his involvement in the memogate controversy.
higher rents - and now the imminent spectre of waterfront rezoning and high-rise construction - have driven many priced-out bohemians to find new creative communities further afield in areas like the east williamsburg industrial park, bushwick, bedford-stuyvesant, fort greene, long island city, clinton hill and even red hook.	higher rents - and now the imminent spectre of waterfront rezoning and high-rise construction - have driven many priced-out bohemians to find new creative communities further afield in areas like the east williamsburg industrial park, bushwick, bedford-stuyvesant, fort greene, long island city, clinton hill and red hook.
they split up in 1993 after singer mia zapata was tragically raped and murdered on her way home from a seattle bar on 7 july.	they split up in 1993 after singer mia zapata was raped and murdered on her way home from a seattle bar on 7 july.
also helping was the fact the song was clearly about alcohol abuse and suicide solution was a blatant play on words.	also helping was the fact the song was clearly about alcohol abuse and suicide solution was a play on words.
gujrat (urdu/punjabi: ) is a small city in pakistan.	gujrat (urdu/punjabi: ) is a city in pakistan.
the name refers to the green flag of the country during the period of muammar gaddafi's regime .	the name refers to the green flag of the country during the period of muammar gaddafi's rule .
the scarlet ibis is an excellent short story written by novelist james hurst.	the scarlet ibis is an short story written by novelist james hurst.
"u.s. soldiers have been led to believe that each sniper attack was perpetrated by the same individual, which is what gave rise to ""juba""."	"u.s. soldiers have been led to believe that each sniper attack was carried out by the same individual, which is what gave rise to ""juba""."
the date of champlain's birth is not known with certainty, because brouage's old vital records were lost into a fire in 1690. in his 1851 book	the date of champlain's birth is not known with certainty, and brouage's old vital records were lost into a fire in 1690. in his 1851 book
pabongka rinpoche would escape to takden for long periods to do private meditations.	pabongka rinpoche would go to takden for long periods to do private meditations.
during the formation of the coalition government in 2010, he was appointed to the cabinet as secretary of state for northern ireland, where he remained until being moved to defra in 2012. he has since been more widely known as a leading brexiteer and an outspoken critic of the european union.	during the formation of the coalition government in 2010, he was appointed to the cabinet as secretary of state for northern ireland, where he remained until being moved to defra in 2012. he has since been more widely known as a leading supporter of brexit and an outspoken critic of the european union.
indra krishnamurthy nooyi (tamil: ) (born october 28, 1955 in chennai, tamil nadu, india) is the chairwoman and chief executive officer (ceo) of pepsico, the world's fourth-largest food and beverage company.	indra krishnamurthy nooyi (tamil: ) (born october 28, 1955 in chennai, tamil nadu, india) is the chairman and chief executive officer (ceo) of pepsico, the world's fourth-largest food and beverage company.
moxon or moxon huddersfield is a prestigious british textile manufacturer of fine cloth, which, due to its antiquated manufacturing process and machinery, claims to be the finest in the world.	moxon or moxon huddersfield is a british textile manufacturer of fine cloth, which, due to its antiquated manufacturing process and machinery, claims to be the finest in the world.
william humphrey (18821963) inherited them from mr. llewellin in 1925 and continued them pure until his passing in 1963 and produced 41 field champions in 38 years.	william humphrey (18821963) inherited them from mr. llewellin in 1925 and continued them pure until his death in 1963 and produced 41 field champions in 38 years.
in mainland china, there were initial fears that the united states would use the war on terror as an excuse to advance an anti-chinese agenda, especially as the united states began establishing bases in central asia and acting unilaterally against iraq.	in mainland china, there were initial fears that the united states would use the war on terror as an excuse to advance an anti-chinese agenda, especially as the united states began establishing bases in central asia and acting against iraq.
the university of exeter is a highly-regarded university in exeter, england.	the university of exeter is a university in exeter, england.
more than 500 militants are incarcerated in prisons in spain, france and other countries .	more than 500 eta members are incarcerated in prisons in spain, france and other countries .
early in his career, he wrote for the popular sitcom roseanne and made memorable appearances on shows including the drew carey show and newsradio.	early in his career, he wrote for the popular sitcom roseanne and made appearances on shows including the drew carey show and newsradio.
apple has a large history of innovation and making bold changes that is met by strong uptake of software upgrades.	apple has a history of innovation and making bold changes that is met by strong uptake of software upgrades.
world-renowned watercolourist ashley jackson is based in the huddersfield area and has a gallery near holmfirth.	watercolourist ashley jackson is based in the huddersfield area and has a gallery near holmfirth.
"another queen is destroyed in the voyager episode ""endgame"", as well."	"apparently the same queen is destroyed in the voyager episode ""endgame"", as well."
before the season started, popular captain trevor linden willingly relinquished the captaincy to messier, a move that did not go well with canuck supporters as linden was a fan favorite.	before the season started, captain trevor linden willingly relinquished the captaincy to messier, a move that did not go well with canuck supporters as linden was a fan favorite.
best known for designing custom garments worn by the black eyed peas, will.i.am, bruno mars, scissor sisters, sam sparro, dangerous muse, adam lambert, johnny weir, la roux, cazwell, peaches, comedienne caroline reids aka pam ann, jim steinman, on and - most notably - lady gaga.	best known for designing custom garments worn by the black eyed peas, will.i.am, bruno mars, scissor sisters, sam sparro, dangerous muse, adam lambert, johnny weir, la roux, cazwell, peaches, comedian caroline reids aka pam ann, jim steinman, on and - most notably - lady gaga.
benjamin atwood smith ii (march 16, 1916 – september 6, 1991) was briefly a united states senator from the u.s. state of massachusetts.	benjamin atwood smith ii (march 16, 1916 – september 6, 1991) was a united states senator from the u.s. state of massachusetts.
as of the early 1970s, the achuar were one of the last of the jivaroan groups still to be spared the destructive effects of western contact.	as of the early 1970s, the achuar were one of the last of the jivaroan groups still to be spared the effects of western contact.
thus the game is all about agonizing decisions.	thus the game is all about decisions.
initially popular with military officers, the deringer became widely popular with civilians who required a small and easily concealable pistol for self defense.	initially popular with military officers, the deringer became widely popular with civilians who wished to own a small and easily concealable pistol for self defense.
he also levels attacks against writers who in his opinion have attempted to trick or manipulate readers by presenting science fiction as fact—namely erich von dniken and l. ron hubbard—and criticizes the use science fiction to promote a political ideology, singling out ursula k. le guin's feminism and robert a. heinlein for advocating the growth of the military-industrial complex.	he also levels attacks against writers who in his opinion have attempted to trick or manipulate readers by presenting science fiction as fact—namely erich von dniken and l. ron hubbard—and examines the use science fiction to promote a political ideology, singling out ursula k. le guin's feminism and robert a. heinlein for advocating the growth of the military-industrial complex.
o'rourke and hurd have worked collaboratively on important legislation since the road trip.	o'rourke and hurd have worked collaboratively on legislation since the road trip.
gnosticism may have been suppressed as early as the first century, thus predating jesus christ.	gnosticism may have been as early as the first century, thus predating jesus christ.
"some of the greatest works of keats are ""i stood tip-toe upon a little hill"", ""sleep and poetry"", and the famous sonnet ""on first looking into chapman's homer""."	"some of the most acclaimed works of keats are ""i stood tip-toe upon a little hill"", ""sleep and poetry"", and the famous sonnet ""on first looking into chapman's homer""."
after israel conquered the west bank and gaza in the june 1967 six-day war, israel requested that the unrwa continue its operations there, and agreed to facilitate them.	after israel captured the west bank and gaza in the june 1967 six-day war, israel requested that the unrwa continue its operations there, and agreed to facilitate them.
academic dress of king's college london in different colours, designed and presented by globally-renowned vivienne westwood.	academic dress of king's college london in different colours, designed and presented by vivienne westwood.
although hezbollah has been linked to a number of military acts, there is disagreement in the international political communityeven between israel and its historical western alliesabout whether it merits designation as a terrorist organization in full, in part, or not at all.	although hezbollah has been linked to a number of terrorist acts, there is disagreement in the international political communityeven between israel and its historical western alliesabout whether it merits designation as a terrorist organization in full, in part, or not at all.
adam smith university strongly refutes bear's comments about their library, stating that the library currently consists of some 12,000 titles on cd-rom housed at several locations in the usa and an identical 12,000 titles that are housed at their liberian campus, and that these are lent to students as required.	adam smith university strongly disputes bear's comments about their library, stating that the library currently consists of some 12,000 titles on cd-rom housed at several locations in the usa and an identical 12,000 titles that are housed at their liberian campus, and that these are lent to students as required.
such deliveries are made by the postman together as part of the daily round.	such deliveries are made by the mail carrier together as part of the daily round.
manolo lama (madrid, 1962) is a famous spanish radio sportscaster.	manolo lama (madrid, 1962) is a spanish radio sportscaster.
bipolar transistors can be combined with mosfets in an integrated circuit by using a bicmos process to create innovative circuits that take advantage of the application strengths of both types of transistor.	bipolar transistors can be combined with mosfets in an integrated circuit by using a bicmos process to create circuits that take advantage of the application strengths of both types of transistor.
"but being a garbage man may be one of the most dangerous jobs in iraq the the head of baghdad's municipal garbage services said ""the city is woefully ill equipped to deal with the waste of six million people."	"but being a garbage collector may be one of the most dangerous jobs in iraq the the head of baghdad's municipal garbage services said ""the city is woefully ill equipped to deal with the waste of six million people."
screaming for vengeance is a 1982 album by british heavy rock legends judas priest.	screaming for vengeance is a 1982 album by british heavy rock band judas priest.
"atlanta's working class saw frank as ""a defiler of young girls"" while the german-jewish community recognized him as ""an exemplary man and loyal husband."""	"atlanta's working class saw frank as ""a defiler of young girls"" while the german-jewish community saw him as ""an exemplary man and loyal husband."""
the panjwai shooting spree (or kandahar massacre ) occurred in the early morning of sunday, 11 march 2012, when sixteen civilians (comprising nine children, four men, and three women) were killed and five wounded in kandahar province, afghanistan.	the panjwai shooting spree (or kandahar shooting ) occurred in the early morning of sunday, 11 march 2012, when sixteen civilians (comprising nine children, four men, and three women) were killed and five wounded in kandahar province, afghanistan.
he was captured from his hide-out on july 16, 1972, and mudered in police custody at the alipore central jail on july 28, 1972.	he was captured from his hide-out on july 16, 1972, and died in police custody at the alipore central jail on july 28, 1972.
offering residents and visitors a wide range of leisure opportunities, the parks include athletic complexes, community centers, aquatic centers, nature centers, trails, conservation areas, beach parks, historic sites, and boating and fishing access to lakes, the indian river lagoon and the st. johns river.	offering residents and visitors a range of leisure opportunities, the parks include athletic complexes, community centers, aquatic centers, nature centers, trails, conservation areas, beach parks, historic sites, and boating and fishing access to lakes, the indian river lagoon and the st. johns river.
tmc youth - a global healing community of young christian scientists	the mother church youth - a global healing community of young christian scientists
many other notable music and hollywood personalities helped to finance it at its start.	many other music and hollywood personalities helped to finance it at its start.
makart designed for him a fascinating dreamworld that still exists at the villa hermes as a large painting (1882).	makart designed for him a dreamworld that still exists at the villa hermes as a large painting (1882).
in 1902, olga suffered a miscarriage; and donald rayfield has offered evidence, based on the couple's letters, that conception may have occurred when chekhov and olga were apart, although russian scholars have conclusively refuted that claim.	in 1902, olga suffered a miscarriage; and donald rayfield has offered evidence, based on the couple's letters, that conception may have occurred when chekhov and olga were apart, although russian scholars have refuted that claim.
he currently writes and photographs for a variety of publications including vice, nerve.com and blackbook magazine, and has made a number of controversial films which merged the artistic techniques of independent film with gay pornography.	he currently writes and photographs for a variety of publications including vice, nerve.com and blackbook magazine, and has made a number of films which merged the artistic techniques of independent film with gay pornography.
john gibson is a conservative news commentator on fox news, hosting the weekday edition of the big story and the john gibson show on fox news radio.	john gibson is a news commentator on fox news, hosting the weekday edition of the big story and the john gibson show on fox news radio.
the alma jordan library houses the prestigious eric williams memorial collection, which has been named to the unesco memory of the world register.	the alma jordan library houses the eric williams memorial collection, which has been named to the unesco memory of the world register.
he was disliked by the other contestants due to his relative inexperience in professional comedy and odd, unconventional behavior, and they subsequently destroyed him on an episode of tough crowd with colin quinn.	he was disliked by the other contestants due to his relative inexperience in professional comedy and odd, unconventional behavior, and they subsequently ridiculed him on an episode of tough crowd with colin quinn.
"yet the most famous of these traditions is the inter-collegiate cultural programme aptly titled ""deep woods"" which attracts students from around the country and is famous for the rock shows."	"yet the most famous of these traditions is the inter-collegiate cultural programme titled ""deep woods"" which attracts students from around the country and is famous for the rock shows."
irene moors (born june 18, 1967, alkmaar) is a dutch comedienne , tv personality, singer, and host.	irene moors (born june 18, 1967, alkmaar) is a dutch comedian , tv personality, singer, and host.
kopassus is provocatively alleged by external media and some human rights-affiliated ngo's to have committed severe violations of human rights in east timor, aceh and papua and, occasionally , the capital jakarta.	kopassus is alleged by external media and some human rights-affiliated ngo's to have committed severe violations of human rights in east timor, aceh and papua and, occasionally , the capital jakarta.
many of these conquests followed the watershed battle of yarmuk in 636 when a muslim army of 40,000 decisively defeated a byzantine force numbering 120,000, permanently ending byzantine rule south of asia minor.	many of these conquests followed the watershed battle of yarmuk in 636 when a muslim army of 40,000 defeated a byzantine force numbering 120,000, permanently ending byzantine rule south of asia minor.
notorious is a 2009 american biographical film about the life of iconic hip hop star the notorious b.i.g.	notorious is a 2009 american biographical film about the life of the hip hop star the notorious b.i.g.
"some mainstream orthodox jewish communities, including some who oppose zionism, have denounced neturei karta's activities; according to the guardian, ""even among charedi, or ultra-orthodox circles, the neturei karta are regarded as a wild fringe""."	"some other orthodox jewish communities, including some who oppose zionism, have denounced neturei karta's activities; according to the guardian, ""even among charedi, or ultra-orthodox circles, the neturei karta are regarded as a wild fringe""."
the supposed removal from consumers of access to products that they had formerly been able to obtain and which were perceived by them as beneficial is viewed by many in the movement as being promoted by multinational corporations.	the removal from consumers of access to products that they had formerly been able to obtain and which were perceived by them as beneficial is viewed by many in the movement as being promoted by multinational corporations.
chrono resurrection, also known as chrono trigger: resurrection, is an unreleased, non-profit fangame developed by north american team resurrection games under nathan lazur's direction.	chrono resurrection, also known as chrono trigger: resurrection, is an unreleased, fangame developed by north american team resurrection games under nathan lazur's direction.
he attended grosse pointe's prestigious university liggett school and graduated from brown university in 1983. he later earned a m.a.	he attended grosse pointe's university liggett school and graduated from brown university in 1983. he later earned a m.a.
"ladakh (""land of high passes"") (ladakhi: la'dwags; ; ) is a region in the indian occupied jammu and kashmir that currently extends from the kuen lun mountain range to the main great himalayas to the south, inhabited by people of indo-aryan and tibetan descent."	"ladakh (""land of high passes"") (ladakhi: la'dwags; ; ) is a region in the indian administered jammu and kashmir that currently extends from the kuen lun mountain range to the main great himalayas to the south, inhabited by people of indo-aryan and tibetan descent."
known for his highly articulate and entertaining communicative style, and also for his colorful bow-ties (which he stopped wearing in 2006), carlson is generally considered one of the most recognizable conservative media personalities on american television.	known for his highly articulate and communicative style, and also for his colorful bow-ties (which he stopped wearing in 2006), carlson is generally considered one of the most recognizable conservative media personalities on american television .
at the westminster kennel club dog show that took place in new york in february 2002, a touching tribute was paid to the search and rescue dogs who not only assisted in locating survivors and bodies from the rubble, but were also inside the world trade center buildings before they collapsed.	at the westminster kennel club dog show that took place in new york in february 2002, a tribute was paid to the search and rescue dogs who not only assisted in locating survivors and bodies from the rubble, but were also inside the world trade center buildings before they collapsed.
uetliberg, a hill with a great view over the city.	uetliberg, a hill with a view over the city.
"author-date systems lead to absurd citations in the arts and humanities such as ""spinoza 2007: 34"", where ""spinoza, theological 67"" (as in the mla author-title style) would be more helpful."	"author-date systems lead to citations in the arts and humanities such as ""spinoza 2007: 34"", where ""spinoza, theological 67"" (as in the mla author-title style) would be more helpful."
since then, o'donnell and her daughter cheslea have happily reconciled.	since then, o'donnell and her daughter cheslea have reconciled.
is a member of the popular japanese idol group arashi, who is under the management of johnny & associates.	is a member of the japanese idol group arashi, who is under the management of johnny & associates.
the national hurricane center, in its august review of the tropical storm season stated that katrina was probably the worst natural disaster in us history.	united state's national hurricane center, in its august review of the tropical storm season stated that katrina was probably the worst natural disaster in us history.
robert mondavi wrote a charming autobiography harvests of joy which was published in 1998.	robert mondavi wrote a autobiography harvests of joy which was published in 1998.
silk road, ancient trade route that, linking india with the west, carried goods and ideas between the two great civilizations of rome and india.	silk road, ancient trade route that, linking india with the west, carried goods and ideas between the two ancient civilizations of rome and india.
existentialism was a 'light' philosophical movement of the mid-20th century, inspired by the 'heavy' german philosophers georg wilhelm friedrich hegel, edmund husserl and martin heidegger and propounded by the french writer and would-be philosopher jean-paul sartre and others, including the novelist, essayist and playwright albert camus.	existentialism was a 'light' philosophical movement of the mid-20th century, inspired by the 'heavy' german philosophers georg wilhelm friedrich hegel, edmund husserl and martin heidegger and propounded by the french writer and philosopher jean-paul sartre and others, including the novelist, essayist and playwright albert camus.
kashmir (hindi: , urdu: , gurmukhi : ) is the northwestern region of the indian subcontinent.	kashmir (hindi: , urdu: , chinese simplified : ) is the northwestern region of the indian subcontinent.
undrafted out of college, lin nevertheless reached a partially-guaranteed contract deal with the golden state warriors in july 2010, and as such would become just the second full-blooded asian american player in nba history after wat misaka 63 years ago.	undrafted out of college, lin reached a partially-guaranteed contract deal with the golden state warriors in july 2010, and as such would become just the second full-blooded asian american player in nba history after wat misaka 63 years ago.
jeremy zuckerman is an emmy-winning american composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the tv series avatar: the last airbender.	jeremy zuckerman is an american composer and musician mostly known for composing the score of the tv series avatar: the last airbender.
"dorian shainin (september 26, 1914 january 7, 2000) was an influential american quality consultant, aeronautics engineer, author, and college professor most notable for his contributions in the fields of industrial problem solving, product reliability, and quality engineering, particularly the creation and development of the ""red x"" concept."	"dorian shainin (september 26, 1914 january 7, 2000) was an american quality consultant, aeronautics engineer, author, and college professor most notable for his contributions in the fields of industrial problem solving, product reliability, and quality engineering, particularly the creation and development of the ""red x"" concept."
"he led a filibuster against the resolution granting president george w. bush broad power to wage a ""preemptive"" war against iraq, but he could not get even a majority of his own party to vote against cloture and against the resolution ."	"he led a filibuster against the resolution granting president george w. bush broad power to wage a ""preemptive"" war against iraq, but he could not get a majority of his own party to vote against cloture and against the resolution ."
the lookouts have spectacular views east across the bellinger river valley, out to the more developed areas of the north coast of new south wales and the tasman sea on a clear day.	the lookouts have views east across the bellinger river valley, out to the more developed areas of the north coast of new south wales and the tasman sea on a clear day.
alf volunteers may see themselves as similar to the underground railroad, the 19th-century anti-slavery network.	alf volunteers claim to see themselves as similar to the underground railroad, the 19th-century anti-slavery network.
he was determined to show his quality to the gunners, but unfortunately the transfer never happened and he returned to ergotelis f.c.	he was determined to show his quality to the gunners, but the transfer never happened and he returned to ergotelis f.c.
since august 3, 2005, the lighthouse is legally controlled by the russian army.	since august 3, 2005, the lighthouse is controlled by the russian army.
tricorn house (an unsightly building adjacent to 1 hagley road)	tricorn house (an office building adjacent to 1 hagley road)
it is sometimes regarded as one of many creation myths, but is unique in introducing the concept of monotheism, the idea of humanity being made in the image of god (tzelem elohim) and, in christian theology, the activity of the holy spirit.	it is regarded as one of many creation myths, but is unique in introducing the concept of monotheism, the idea of humanity being made in the image of god (tzelem elohim) and, in christian theology, the activity of the holy spirit.
his last major theatrical score was in 1995, and although he enjoyed a brief period of renewed interest following the release of terminator 3 in 2003, when composer marco beltrami wrote an orchestral arrangement of his theme, he sadly shows no sign of returning to the film music arena any time soon.	his last major theatrical score was in 1995, and although he enjoyed a brief period of renewed interest following the release of terminator 3 in 2003, when composer marco beltrami wrote an orchestral arrangement of his theme, he shows no sign of returning to the film music arena any time soon.
"the ""revolution of roses"" (misleadingly translated into english as the rose revolution) ( - vardebis revolucia) was a revolt in the country of georgia in 2003 that displaced president eduard shevardnadze."	"the ""revolution of roses"" (misleadingly translated into english as the rose revolution) ( - vardebis revolucia) was a bloodless revolution in the country of georgia in 2003 that displaced president eduard shevardnadze."
major information technology companies like adobe, apple, ibm, intel, microsoft, novell, sun microsystems, google	information technology companies like adobe, apple, ibm, intel, microsoft, novell, sun microsystems, google
chissano left office at the end of his term in february 2005. chissano served as chairman of the african union from july 2003 to july 2004.	chissano left office at the end of his term in february 2005. chissano served as chairperson of the african union from july 2003 to july 2004.
the identical twin brother of current north melbourne coach, brad scott, chris was picked by brisbane in the 1993 afl draft with the #12 draft pick and moved to queensland whilst still studying at the prestigious st. kevin's college.	the identical twin brother of current north melbourne coach, brad scott, chris was picked by brisbane in the 1993 afl draft with the #12 draft pick and moved to queensland whilst still studying at the st. kevin's college.
later migrations of black loyalists, italians, and eastern europeans enriched the eastern part of the island around the industrial cape breton region.	later migrations of black loyalists, italians, and eastern europeans mostly settled in the eastern part of the island around the industrial cape breton region.
the club's rich history includes becoming runners-up of the soviet top league in 1966 and winning the soviet cup in 1981.	the club's history includes becoming runners-up of the soviet top league in 1966 and winning the soviet cup in 1981.
she is known for her expressed hatred for the democratic party and american liberalism.	she is known for her expressed disdain for the democratic party and american liberalism.
the 2008 24 hours of le mans was a great race between the audi r10 tdi and the peugeot 908 hdi fap.	the 2008 24 hours of le mans was a race between the audi r10 tdi and the peugeot 908 hdi fap.
"the ""restart"" ad also suggests that macs never have to be rebooted, but in reality the mac os can lock up just like windows can, albeit a lot less."	"the ""restart"" ad also suggests that macs never have to be rebooted, but in reality the mac os can lock up just like windows can, although mac supporters contend that it happens a lot less."
"schneider claims ""a competent tank company commander does not accumulate so many serious mistakes""."	"schneider states ""a competent tank company commander does not accumulate so many serious mistakes""."
most christian denominations believe that a true christian must be born again, in some sense, and thus that those who are true christians are born again, whether they describe themselves as such or not.	most christian denominations hold that a true christian must be born again, in some sense, and thus that those who are true christians are born again, whether they describe themselves as such or not.
five dock is well- connected to the city centre and surrounding suburbs by public sydney bus routes.	five dock is connected to the city centre and surrounding suburbs by public sydney bus routes.
regardless of the type of enclosure that you decide to use it all depends on how effectively it can be cleaned on a regular basis with not disturbing the crocodiles and alligators.	regardless of the type of enclosure that humans decide to use it all depends on how effectively it can be cleaned on a regular basis with not disturbing the crocodiles and alligators.
"nana mouskouri recorded a beautiful version on the 1997 album, ""hommages""."	"nana mouskouri recorded a version on the 1997 album, ""hommages""."
the idea that organisms are machines that are designed to function in particular environments was eloquently argued by william paley (who, in turn, drew upon the work of many others).	the idea that organisms are machines that are designed to function in particular environments was argued by william paley (who, in turn, drew upon the work of many others).
oxford's other principal higher education institutions are ruskin college, oxford, an adult education college, which, although not part of the university of oxford, has close links with it, and oxford's second university, oxford brookes university, the former oxford polytechnic and the old lady spencer churchill teaching college.	oxford's other principal higher education institutions are ruskin college, oxford, an adult education college, which, although not part of the university of oxford, has close links with it, and oxford's other university, oxford brookes university, the former oxford polytechnic and the old lady spencer churchill teaching college.
the case is particularly controversial in the u.s. , with claims in the media and among various supporters of knox and sollecito that they were unjustly convicted.	the case is controversial in the u.s. , with claims in the media and among various supporters of knox and sollecito that they were unjustly convicted.
mahanayak uttam kumar (3 september 1926 24 july 1980) (born as arun kumar chatterjee) was an indian film actor, director, producer, singer, composer and playback singer who predominantly worked in indian cinema.	uttam kumar (3 september 1926 24 july 1980) (born as arun kumar chatterjee) was an indian film actor, director, producer, singer, composer and playback singer who predominantly worked in indian cinema.
liefeld obviously started drawing in one perspective, and ended up in another, evidenced in this characteristically distorted image of captain america.	liefeld appears to have started drawing in one perspective, and ended up in another, evidenced in this characteristically distorted image of captain america.
traitor in zebra is the eleventh episode of the second series of the 1960s cult british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.	traitor in zebra is the eleventh episode of the second series of the 1960s british spy-fi television series the avengers, starring patrick macnee and honor blackman.
sarah edmondson has since been released on parole in oklahoma only serving less than twelve years on a light thirty year sentence.	sarah edmondson has since been released on parole in oklahoma only serving less than twelve years on a thirty year sentence.
the urban institute is a washington, d.c.-based think tank for nonpartisan economic and social policy research.	the urban institute is a washington, d.c.-based think tank which strives to provide nonpartisan economic and social policy research.
diana, princess of wales (diana frances; ne spencer; 1 july 196131 august 1997) was a popular member of the british royal family and international personality of the late 20th century as the first wife of charles, prince of wales, whom she married on 29 july 1981. the wedding, which was held at st. paul's cathedral, was televised and watched by a global audience of over 750 million people.	diana, princess of wales (diana frances; ne spencer; 1 july 196131 august 1997) was a member of the british royal family and international personality of the late 20th century as the first wife of charles, prince of wales, whom she married on 29 july 1981. the wedding, which was held at st. paul's cathedral, was televised and watched by a global audience of over 750 million people.
"in january 2010 the daily telegraph, a conservative british newspaper, reported that qadhi in 2001 had described the holocaust as a hoax and false propaganda, and had claimed that ""hitler never intended to mass-destroy the jews."""	"in january 2010 the daily telegraph, a british newspaper, reported that qadhi in 2001 had described the holocaust as a hoax and false propaganda, and had claimed that ""hitler never intended to mass-destroy the jews."""
as protocol is widely used for secure communication over the internet (from web mail to internet banking), no government can block traffic without further restricting its citizens' ability to use the web, something that unfortunately has not dissuaded these governments' internet censorship efforts thus far.	as protocol is widely used for secure communication over the internet (from web mail to internet banking), no government can block traffic without further restricting its citizens' ability to use the web, something that has not dissuaded these governments' internet censorship efforts thus far.
the song has only charted on the canadian hot 100, debuting at #98 on the issue dated june 19, 2010. the song has reached it's highest peak of #17 so far on the august 7, 2010 chart due to high airplay and digital downloads.	the song has charted on the canadian hot 100, debuting at #98 on the issue dated june 19, 2010. the song has reached it's highest peak of #17 so far on the august 7, 2010 chart due to high airplay and digital downloads.
critics, however, insist that white nationalism intersects with, or is a euphemism for, white supremacy.	critics, however, argue that white nationalism intersects with, or is a euphemism for, white supremacy.
palmer bragged that he would build a side capable of winning the league in its first season.	palmer declared that he would build a side capable of winning the league in its first season.
anarcho-capitalism (a form of free-market anarchism), is an individualist anarchist political philosophy that advocates the elimination of the state and the elevation of the sovereign individual in a free market.	anarcho-capitalism (a form of free-market anarchism), is an individualist anarchist political philosophy that advocates the privatization of the state and the elevation of the sovereign individual in a free market.
at tlc, ryder finally captured his first singles championship in the wwe when he became the wwe united states champion by defeating dolph ziggler.	at tlc, ryder captured his first singles championship in the wwe when he became the wwe united states champion by defeating dolph ziggler.
duvalier's only opponent among the black proletarians, daniel fignole, had been forcibly exiled before election, thus leaving duvalier a path for a landslide.	duvalier's only opponent among the black proletarians, daniel fignole, had been forcibly exiled before election, conveniently leaving duvalier a path for a landslide.
"in remarks on april 27, 2005 at a rally for radical lawyer lynne stewart, sheehan said ""america has been killing people, like my sister over here says, since we first stepped on this continent, we have been responsible for death and destruction."	"in remarks on april 27, 2005 at a rally for lawyer lynne stewart, sheehan said ""america has been killing people, like my sister over here says, since we first stepped on this continent, we have been responsible for death and destruction."
polish death camp and polish concentration camp are misleading terms that occasionally appear in international media in reference to nazi german concentration camps built and run by during the holocaust in the general government and other parts of occupied poland.	polish death camp and polish concentration camp are terms that occasionally appear in international media in reference to nazi german concentration camps built and run by during the holocaust in the general government and other parts of occupied poland.
"writting a letter to parents, the head, michael spens, accurately described her actions as ""despicable"", ""reprehensible"" and ""well beyond the pale""."	"writting a letter to parents, the head, michael spens, described her actions as ""despicable"", ""reprehensible"" and ""well beyond the pale""."
the ottoman empire, which ruled most of the area south of russia, considered the adyghe warriors to be courageous and well-experienced.	the ottoman empire, which ruled large parts of the area south of russia, considered the adyghe warriors to be courageous and well-experienced.
frontiers in endocrinology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering all aspects of endocrinology.	frontiers in endocrinology is a peer-reviewed scientific journal covering different aspects of endocrinology.
then the area was liberated by the army during operations sathjaya i, ii, and iii in september 1996. the town again fell into the ltte's hand in september 1998 who held their administrative hub there until evacuating during the battle of kilinochchi on 2 january 2009.	then the area was retaken by the army during operations sathjaya i, ii, and iii in september 1996. the town again fell into the ltte's hand in september 1998 who held their administrative hub there until evacuating during the battle of kilinochchi on 2 january 2009.
however, peter bergen, a cnn journalist and adjunct professor who is known for conducting the first television interview with osama bin laden in 1997, refuted cook's notion, stating on august 15 2006, the following:	however, peter bergen, a cnn journalist and adjunct professor who is known for conducting the first television interview with osama bin laden in 1997, rejected cook's notion, stating on august 15 2006, the following:
the alexander valley is a beautiful valley located just north of healdsburg in sonoma county, california.	the alexander valley is a valley located just north of healdsburg in sonoma county, california.
he was a candidate to become the permanent chairman of the bloc but he chose to step aside for polish mep micha kamiski after kamiski was denied one of the vice president of the european parliament positions by renegade then-conservative edward mcmillan-scott.	he was a candidate to become the permanent chairman of the bloc but he chose to step aside for polish mep micha kamiski after kamiski was denied one of the vice president of the european parliament positions by then-conservative edward mcmillan-scott.
"an accomplished stage actor who has been called an ""actor's actor"", he holds a tony award for his lead performance in tom stoppard's play the real thing (2000) and is also known for critically acclaimed performances in angels in america (1993), hamlet (1994), and a one-man macbeth (2005)."	"an experienced stage actor who has been called an ""actor's actor"", he holds a tony award for his lead performance in tom stoppard's play the real thing (2000) and is also known for critically acclaimed performances in angels in america (1993), hamlet (1994), and a one-man macbeth (2005)."
marduk's original character is obscure but he was later on connected with water, vegetation, judgement, and white magic.	marduk's original character is obscure but he was later on connected with water, vegetation, judgement, and magic.
the 1980 law intentionally left the definition of the boundaries of jerusalem vague.	the 1980 law left the definition of the boundaries of jerusalem vague.
president cristina fernndez criticized what she called a double standard allowing the falklands /malvinas residents to hold a vote on their future, while condemning the crimean referendum on union with russia.	president cristina fernndez criticized what she called a double standard allowing the falklands residents to hold a vote on their future, while condemning the crimean referendum on union with russia.
according to the predominant view in contemporary biblical scholarship—the documentary hypothesis—the ark story told in genesis is based on two originally quasi-independent sources, and did not reach its present form until the 5th century bc.	according to the predominant view in liberal biblical scholarship—the documentary hypothesis—the ark story told in genesis is based on two originally quasi-independent sources, and did not reach its present form until the 5th century bc.
list of important avant-garde metal artists	list of noteworthy avant-garde metal artists
the easton affair was a western australian political scandal of the 1990's which led to the prosecution of a former premier of western australia for perjury before a royal commission.	the easton affair was a western australian political scandal of the 1990's which led to the prosecution of a former premier of western australia on charges of perjury before a royal commission.
in 1970, melanie was the only artist to brave the court injunction banning the powder ridge rock festival, playing for the crowd on a homemade stage powered by mister softee trucks.	in 1970, melanie was the only artist to ignore the court injunction banning the powder ridge rock festival, playing for the crowd on a homemade stage powered by mister softee trucks.
"in the kosova town of prishtina, the kulshedra begins life as a being invisible to mankind for the first twelve years of its life, after which it turns into a bolla (""a kind of serpent""), and afterwards it sprouts wings, becomes hairy, and begins to combat the drangue (draga)."	"in the kosova town of prishtina, the kulshedra begins life as a being invisible to humankind for the first twelve years of its life, after which it turns into a bolla (""a kind of serpent""), and afterwards it sprouts wings, becomes hairy, and begins to combat the drangue (draga)."
some people, such as american republican ward connerly, also feel that affirmative action is discrimination in itself since it judges people by their ethnicity.	some people, such as american activist ward connerly, also feel that affirmative action is discrimination in itself since it judges people by their ethnicity.
dinesh chandra gupta was only 19 when he was hanged on 7 july 1931 at alipore jail.	dinesh chandra gupta was 19 when he was hanged on 7 july 1931 at alipore jail.
there is a very large jewish community here with 7 synagogues.	there is a very large jewish community , with 7 synagogues.
pe (albanian: pej / peja; serbian: / pe) is a city located in the western part of kosovo (a province under un-administration, formally part of serbia).	pe (albanian: pej / peja; serbian: / pe) is a city located in the western part of kosovo (a region under un-administration, formally part of serbia).
some scholars question the historical existence of jesus.	a small minority of scholars question the historical existence of jesus.
polish apiologist (16 january 1811 26 october 1906) was born in silesia, (kingdom of prussia).	apiologist (16 january 1811 26 october 1906) was born in silesia, (kingdom of prussia).
the world passport is a bogus travel document issued by the world service authority, a non-profit organization founded by garry davis in 1954, citing article 13, section 2, of the universal declaration of human rights.	the world passport is a fantasy travel document issued by the world service authority, a non-profit organization founded by garry davis in 1954, citing article 13, section 2, of the universal declaration of human rights.
the museum's striking location on the halifax waterfront has made the museum the site of several significant public events.	the museum's location on the halifax waterfront has made the museum the site of several significant public events.
this inclusion is largely due to neil cicierega's bizarre fixation on the comedian.	this inclusion is largely due to neil cicierega's fixation on the comedian.
after neutralizing the two guards and freeing hector she is shot by a third guard that was in hiding.	after neutralizing the two guards and freeing lecter she is shot by a third guard that was in hiding.
he responded with short answers, refused to comment on the obscenity allegations, and rejected unsubstantiated allegations that he is employed by the republican political party.	he responded with short answers, refused to comment on the obscenity allegations, and rejected allegations that he is employed by the republican political party.
marx was a brilliant scholar, economist, and philosopher.	marx was a scholar, economist, and philosopher.
many of these type of civilian deaths are allegedly not reported.	many of these type of civilian deaths are not reported.
"new yorkers are clearly not fans of 'popozao' federline's pathetic first single."""	"new yorkers are clearly not fans of 'popozao' federline's first single."""
successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia, has made kochi a melting pot of different cultures; a perfect blend of tradition and modernity.	successive waves of migration over the course of several millennia, has made kochi a melting pot of different cultures; a blend of tradition and modernity.
patrick rondat is a french virtuoso guitarist.	patrick rondat is a french guitarist.
to attack occupation forces, mainly the illegal american occupation soldiers, in particular the many psd (personal security detail) teams as they operate in light- to medium-armoured vehicles.	to attack occupation forces, mainly the american occupation soldiers, in particular the many psd (personal security detail) teams as they operate in light- to medium-armoured vehicles.
then there are the cases where a real group steals the name of a fictional group.	then there are the cases where a real group uses the name of a fictional group.
washington state university (wsu) is a second-tier public research university in pullman, washington.	washington state university (wsu) is a major public research university in pullman, washington.
although he didn't join the band at that time because he was committed to his own band, eleven, he did pass on a cassette of their work to a singer named eddie vedder, a respected local musician in san diego at the time, with whom irons had formed a friendship.	although he didn't join the band at that time because he was committed to his own band, eleven, he did pass on a cassette of their work to a singer named eddie vedder, a local musician in san diego at the time, with whom irons had formed a friendship.
"the barack obama ""joker"" poster is an image of united states president barack obama, designed by firas alkhateeb in january of 2009, that has been adopted by some critics of the obama administration and described as the ""most infamous anti–obama image""."	"the barack obama ""joker"" poster is a digitally manipulated image of united states president barack obama, designed by firas alkhateeb in january of 2009, that has been adopted by some critics of the obama administration and described as the ""most infamous anti–obama image""."
pro- diamond way buddhism sites	diamond way buddhism sites
"under some totalitarian systems of communism, important party members who had fallen out of favour with the political elite were sometimes forced to undergo ""self-criticism"" sessions, producing either written or verbal statements detailing how they had been ideologically mistaken, and affirming their new belief in the party line."	"under some systems of communism, important party members who had fallen out of favour with the political elite were sometimes forced to undergo ""self-criticism"" sessions, producing either written or verbal statements detailing how they had been ideologically mistaken, and affirming their new belief in the party line."
hardline anti -pedophile organization perverted justice has praised myspace for its efforts to combat pedophiles using their service.	anti -pedophile organization perverted justice has praised myspace for its efforts to combat pedophiles using their service.
he became involved in their dubious activities, mostly assassinations and the intimidation of trade union organisers.	he became involved in their activities, mostly assassinations and the intimidation of trade union organisers.
a beautiful brunette with blue-gray eyes, she became an internationally famous hollywood film star in the 1940s and 1950s, made several recordings, and later acted on television and stage.	a brunette with blue-gray eyes, she became an internationally famous hollywood film star in the 1940s and 1950s, made several recordings, and later acted on television and stage.
billy breathes was the eighth studio album by legendary rock band phish.	billy breathes was the eighth studio album by rock band phish.
while the ulster catholics of northern ireland have long opposed northern ireland's existence, the ulster protestants of the three republic of ireland counties have assimilated well (although there was a good deal of migration into the six counties following partition).	while the ulster catholics of northern ireland have long opposed northern ireland's existence, the ulster protestants of the three republic of ireland counties have assimilated well (although there was a good deal of migration into northern ireland's six counties following partition).
"the country is home to three ethnic ""constituent peoples"": bosniaks, the most numerous population group of bosnia , with serbs in second and croats in third."	"the country is home to three ethnic ""constituent peoples"": bosniaks, the most numerous population group of three , with serbs in second and croats in third."
the bzimage (big zimage) format was developed to overcome this limitation by cleverly splitting the kernel over discontiguous memory regions.	the bzimage (big zimage) format was developed to overcome this limitation by splitting the kernel over discontiguous memory regions.
by the mid-nineties jimmy, now having thankfully conquered his addictions, had started work on a new venture.	by the mid-nineties jimmy, now having conquered his addictions, had started work on a new venture.
he is best known for his roles in topsy-turvy (1999), iris (2001) for which he won the academy award for best supporting actor, moulin rouge!	he is known for his roles in topsy-turvy (1999), iris (2001) for which he won the academy award for best supporting actor, moulin rouge!
since 1997, his clients have included rage against the machine/audioslave guitarist tom morello, stone temple pilots, tennessee titans defensive lineman kevin carter, legendary nfl coach dick vermeil and others.	since 1997, his clients have included rage against the machine/audioslave guitarist tom morello, stone temple pilots, tennessee titans defensive lineman kevin carter, nfl coach dick vermeil and others.
keith's persistent animus towards the taung child discovery caused serious consequences; from dart's announcement in 1924, it took nearly 30 years before the inevitable methods of science revealed the piltdown man hoax and supported the validity of the claims (of hominin status) for australopithecus.	keith's persistent animus towards the taung child discovery caused serious consequences; from dart's announcement in 1924, it took nearly 30 years before the methods of science revealed the piltdown man hoax and supported the validity of the claims (of hominin status) for australopithecus.
"he uses the phrase ""invisible cloud being"" as a way of characterizing the personal sky god popular in monotheism."	"he uses the phrase ""invisible cloud being"" as a way of characterizing the personal god popular in monotheism."
after the rise of fascism in 1922 a policy of italianization was implemented ruthlessly .	after the rise of fascism in 1922 a policy of italianization was implemented.
humphreys had survived a suicide pact with cooke in may 1997, but successfully committed suicide in february 1998.	humphreys had survived a suicide pact with cooke in may 1997, but ultimately committed suicide in february 1998.
they burned down hundreds of serbian and montenegrin villages, killed many people, and carried out plundering campaigns both in kosovo and metohija and in neighboring regions.	according to serbian scholars, the vulnetari burned down hundreds of serbian and montenegrin villages, killed many people, and carried out plundering campaigns both in kosovo and metohija and in neighboring regions.
arthur barnett ltd, trading as arthur barnett and often incorrectly referred to as arthur barnett's, was a department store in dunedin, new zealand.	arthur barnett ltd, trading as arthur barnett and often referred to as arthur barnett's, was a department store in dunedin, new zealand.
that thought was further reinforced by the fact that the fightning in tiberias and the depopulation of arabs there had not either been interrupted by the british.	that thought was further reinforced by the fact that the fightning in tiberias and the depopulation of arabs there had not been interrupted by the british.
republic of macedonia, also known as vardar macedonia - a landlocked republic in the balkans; established as one of six constituent republics of yugoslavia in 1945; independent since 1991; referred to by international organisations and many states as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia (fyrom) because of the naming dispute with greece.	republic of macedonia, also known as vardar macedonia - a landlocked republic in the balkans; established as one of six constituent republics of yugoslavia in 1945; independent since 1991; referred to by international organisations and several states as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia (fyrom) because of the naming dispute with greece.
aurora is known for its picturesque historic downtown area and the gorgeous hillforest mansion built for thomas gaff who earned his fortune shipping goods on the ohio river by steamboat.	aurora is known for its picturesque historic downtown area and the ornate hillforest mansion built for thomas gaff who earned his fortune shipping goods on the ohio river by steamboat.
hong kong , officially known as hong kong special administrative region of the people's republic of china, is a city located on the southern coast of china at the pearl river estuary and the south china sea.	hong kong , officially known as hong kong special administrative region of the people's republic of china, is a territory located on the southern coast of china at the pearl river estuary and the south china sea.
o'connell was born near caherciveen, county kerry, to a once-wealthy roman catholic family, of the o'connells of derrynane, which had unfortunately been dispossessed of its lands.	o'connell was born near caherciveen, county kerry, to a once-wealthy roman catholic family, of the o'connells of derrynane, which had been dispossessed of its lands.
recognition came as early as 1954 when he was awarded the prestigious royal foundation culture award.	recognition came as early as 1954 when he was awarded the royal foundation culture award.
legendary comics creator grant morrison was involved in conceptualizing ultimate fantastic four and was at one point set to write the series.	comics creator grant morrison was involved in conceptualizing ultimate fantastic four and was at one point set to write the series.
the 2014 flip from the cool pdo phase to the warm phase, which vaguely resembles a long and drawn out el nio event, contributed to record-breaking surface temperatures across the planet in 2014.	the 2014 flip from the cool pdo phase to the neutral phase, which vaguely resembles a long and drawn out el nio event, contributed to record-breaking surface temperatures across the planet in 2014.
in 1999, buckley was awarded the prestigious bravo award for outstanding educational programs in visual and performing arts.	in 1999, buckley was awarded the bravo award for outstanding educational programs in visual and performing arts.
"the alien mind of solaris is so inconceivably different from human consciousness that all attempts at communication are doomed (the ""alienness"" of aliens is one of lem's favourite themes; he is scornful about portrayals of aliens as implausibly humanoid)."	"the alien mind of solaris is so inconceivably different from human consciousness that all attempts at communication are doomed (the ""alienness"" of aliens is one of lem's favourite themes; he is scornful about portrayals of aliens as humanoid)."
since august 2004, camp pendleton has been one of only five locations in the department of defense to operate the standard terminal automation replacement system (stars) air radar.	since august 2004, camp pendleton has been one of five locations in the department of defense to operate the standard terminal automation replacement system (stars) air radar.
it is also the home of famous footballers david beckham, ryan giggs, alan ball, frank worthington and jason wilcox.	it is also the home of footballers david beckham, ryan giggs, alan ball, frank worthington and jason wilcox.
the main route ran from manchester london road (later manchester piccadilly) over the pennines, through the impressive woodhead tunnel to penistone, where the wath line split.	the main route ran from manchester london road (later manchester piccadilly) over the pennines, through the woodhead tunnel to penistone, where the wath line split.
the national alliance is often included in lists of neo-nazi groups by their political rivals , in part due to its alleged glorification of adolf hitler.	the national alliance is often included in lists of neo-nazi groups by their political political , in part due to its alleged glorification of adolf hitler.
a former union official, she was one of several state mps to become involved in the 2006-2007 corruption and crime commission investigation into the dealings of disgraced former-premier-turned-lobbyist brian burke.	a former union official, she was one of several state mps to become involved in the 2006-2007 corruption and crime commission investigation into the dealings of former-premier-turned-lobbyist brian burke.
this is a list of crew members for the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	this is a list of crew members for the bbc soap opera eastenders.
metal gear solid 4: guns of the patriots (commonly abbreviated to mgs4) is highly-anticipated stealth-based game directed by hideo kojima and shuyo murata.	metal gear solid 4: guns of the patriots (commonly abbreviated to mgs4) is stealth-based game directed by hideo kojima and shuyo murata.
he announced he would not run for an eighth term in 2018. dr. kim schrier was elected on november 6th and is congressman -elect.	he announced he would not run for an eighth term in 2018. dr. kim schrier was elected on november 6th and is representative -elect.
"porsche got the name ""targa"" from the targa florio, the famous road race in sicily where porsche was very successful."	"porsche got the name ""targa"" from the targa florio, the road race in sicily where porsche was very successful."
"the most famous cangaceiro of them all, the one who is often associated with the whole history of the cangao, was a man called virgulino ferreira da silva, better known as ""lampio""."	"the most famous cangaceiro of them all, the one who is often associated with the whole history of the cangao, was a man called virgulino ferreira da silva, also known as ""lampio""."
these unactivated platelets are biconvex discs 2-3 m in greatest diameter and are remarkably uniform in size and shape.	these unactivated platelets are biconvex discs 2-3 m in greatest diameter and are uniform in size and shape.
"stanislavski felt that the name ""emotional memory"" was more accurate for the actor /actress ."	"stanislavski felt that the name ""emotional memory"" was more accurate for the actor."
unconditional election is the controversial calvinist teaching that before god created the world, he chose to save some people according to his own purposes and apart from any conditions related to those persons.	unconditional election is the calvinist teaching that before god created the world, he chose to save some people according to his own purposes and apart from any conditions related to those persons.
a dismal family edition that aired later that year was not received warmly by viewers, and by the end of the 2005-2006 television season, ratings had dropped by nearly 50% from the previous year.	a family edition that aired later that year was not received warmly by viewers, and by the end of the 2005-2006 television season, ratings had dropped by nearly 50% from the previous year.
articles related to the geography of the autonomous community of catalonia, la franja (in spain ) and northern catalonia / pyrnes orientales (in france).	articles related to the geography of the autonomous community of catalonia, la franja (in aragon ) and northern catalonia / pyrnes orientales (in france).
romania (87%, belarus (85%), bulgaria (83%), serbia (84%), georgia (89%), moldova (93%), fyrom (65%), cyprus (80%), montenegro (74%), abkhazia and south ossetia	romania (87%, belarus (85%), bulgaria (83%), serbia (84%), georgia (89%), moldova (93%), the republic of macedonia (65%), cyprus (80%), montenegro (74%), abkhazia and south ossetia
senators and congressmen - no term limits	senators and representatives - no term limits
frank rich (born june 2, 1949) is a liberal columnist for the new york times.	frank rich (born june 2, 1949) is a columnist for the new york times.
sarsour maintained that she had nothing to apologize for, saying that questions existed about the integrity of odeh's conviction, that her beliefs had been misrepresented, and that criticism of israeli policies was being conflated with anti-semitism.	sarsour said that she had nothing to apologize for, saying that questions existed about the integrity of odeh's conviction, that her beliefs had been misrepresented, and that criticism of israeli policies was being conflated with anti-semitism.
false allegations that the game had received a positive review from a journalist in a relationship with quinn triggered the gamergate controversy.	allegations that the game had received a positive review from a journalist in a relationship with quinn triggered the gamergate controversy.
unfortunately , mcdonald's prevailed.	eventually , mcdonald's prevailed.
however, the result of the 2007 scottish parliament general election might suggest a groundswell of feeling towards the idea of independence, with the scottish national party becoming the largest single party and so forming a minority government, though the other three main parties opposed to separation together have a considerable majority in scottish politics.	however, the result of the 2007 scottish parliament general election might suggest a groundswell of feeling towards the idea of independence, with the scottish national party becoming the largest single party and so forming a minority government, though the other three main parties opposed to independence together have a considerable majority in scottish politics.
"the offer to pay informers was dropped by jones on january 22, 2006 saying the payment program had become ""a distraction from the real problem, which is classroom indoctrination by ucla professors."""	"the offer to pay students was dropped by jones on january 22, 2006 saying the payment program had become ""a distraction from the real problem, which is classroom indoctrination by ucla professors."""
it is hoped the move will take place for autumn 2014. the listed building will also have exhibition space for local artists.	it is expected the move will take place for autumn 2014. the listed building will also have exhibition space for local artists.
"the basis for all ""bar"" or espresso-based drinks is the latte, which consists of espresso, steamed milk, and a healthy spoonful of foamed milk."	"the basis for all ""bar"" or espresso-based drinks is the latte, which consists of espresso, steamed milk, and a big spoonful of foamed milk."
picketing and holding parties on the anniversary of hitler's birth, he became notorious on the lsu campus for wearing a nazi uniform.	picketing and holding parties on the anniversary of hitler's birth, he became known on the lsu campus for wearing a nazi uniform.
as he boarded the bus, several plainclothes policeman boarded, continuing the pursuit.	as he boarded the bus, several plainclothes police officers boarded, continuing the pursuit.
unfortunately , the show was axed before this plot could be further fleshed out.	however , the show was axed before this plot could be further fleshed out.
the confiscation act of 1861 was an act of congress during the early months of the american civil war permitting the confiscation of any of property, including slaves, being used to support the confederate insurrection .	the confiscation act of 1861 was an act of congress during the early months of the american civil war permitting the confiscation of any of property, including slaves, being used to support the confederate independence effort .
"for example, ""pc brigade"" is used to describe a supposed group of people who go around enforcing ridiculously politically correct rules."	"for example, ""pc brigade"" is used to describe a supposed group of people who go around enforcing politically correct rules."
comedienne and actress billie bird (19082002), known for films such as home alone and sixteen candles, was born in pocatello, where she maintained family ties.	comedian and actress billie bird (19082002), known for films such as home alone and sixteen candles, was born in pocatello, where she maintained family ties.
a hilarious song describing p53 structure and function	a humourous song describing p53 structure and function
"the royal proclamation of 2003 formally known as proclamation designating july 28 of every year as ""a day of commemoration of the great upheaval"", commencing on july 28, 2005 is a document issued by queen elizabeth ii acknowledging and expressing regret concerning the grand drangement, england's illegal expulsion of french-speaking acadian peasant farmers from nova scotia beginning in 1755."	"the royal proclamation of 2003 formally known as proclamation designating july 28 of every year as ""a day of commemoration of the great upheaval"", commencing on july 28, 2005 is a document issued by queen elizabeth ii acknowledging and expressing regret concerning the grand drangement, england's expulsion of french-speaking acadian peasant farmers from nova scotia beginning in 1755."
however, john glanfield, in his excellent history the devil's chariots, states that it was a seventy-five-millimetre, or twelve/thirteen-pounder gun.	however, john glanfield, in his history the devil's chariots, states that it was a seventy-five-millimetre, or twelve/thirteen-pounder gun.
dean barnett (b. july 13, 1967) is a american conservative gentleman blogger and occasional fill-in host for hugh hewitt.	dean barnett (b. july 13, 1967) is a american conservative blogger and occasional fill-in host for hugh hewitt.
despite his rejection of dtente, he negotiated with soviet premier mikhail gorbachev to shrink both countries' nuclear arsenals and contributed greatly to the end of the cold war.	despite his rejection of dtente, he negotiated with soviet premier mikhail gorbachev to shrink both countries' nuclear arsenals and contributed to the end of the cold war.
glenn mcgee, ph.d. (born in waco, texas) is an american bioethicist noted most frequently for his work on reproductive technology and genetics and for championing the theory of pragmatic bioethics, as well as the role of ethicists in society and in local and state settings in particular.	glenn mcgee, ph.d. (born in waco, texas) is an american bioethicist noted most frequently for his work on reproductive technology and genetics and for promoting the theory of pragmatic bioethics, as well as the role of ethicists in society and in local and state settings in particular.
like smallpox, some viral diseases will be conquered, but others, such as sars will continue to present new challenges.	like smallpox, some viral diseases might be conquered, but others, such as sars will continue to present new challenges.
same-sex marriage is not yet legal in sark.	same-sex marriage is not legal in sark.
in the early seventies, the capabilities of ai programs were disturbingly limited.	in the early seventies, the capabilities of ai programs were limited.
as overseer of concentration camps, extermination camps, and einsatzgruppen (death squads), himmler coordinated the killing of millions of jews, between 200,000 and 500,000 roma, many prisoners of war, and perhaps another three to four million poles, communists, or other groups whom the nazis deemed unworthy to live or simply 'in the way', including homosexuals, and those with physical and mental disabilities.	as overseer of concentration camps, extermination camps, and einsatzgruppen (death squads), himmler coordinated the killing of millions of jews, between 200,000 and 500,000 roma, many prisoners of war, and possibly another three to four million poles, communists, or other groups whom the nazis deemed unworthy to live or simply 'in the way', including homosexuals, and those with physical and mental disabilities.
in 1856, representative preston brooks used a cane made of gutta-percha as a weapon in his infamous attack on senator charles sumner.	in 1856, representative preston brooks used a cane made of gutta-percha as a weapon in his attack on senator charles sumner.
gamestop employees are rated on a weekly basis on their ability to push edge card and game informer subscriptions.	gamestop employees are rated on a weekly basis on their ability to sell edge card and game informer subscriptions.
unfortunately the playstation 2 port did not have online play.	the playstation 2 port did not have online play.
ummah is also used by allah almighty in the quran referring to muslims.	ummah is also used by allah in the quran referring to muslims.
(1979–1981) was a norwegian rock band from bergen, that was awarded spellemannprisen for the legendaric album materialtretthet (1980).	(1979–1981) was a norwegian rock band from bergen, that was awarded spellemannprisen for the album materialtretthet (1980).
this strange move by a nominally secular democracy has attracted relatively little criticism.	this move by a nominally secular democracy has attracted relatively little criticism.
melville minton, the partner and sales manager of minton balch & co. became acting president and majority stockholder of the firm, until his passing in 1956. in 1936, putnam acquired the publisher coward-mccann (later coward, mccann & geoghegan), and ran it as an imprint into the 1980s.	melville minton, the partner and sales manager of minton balch & co. became acting president and majority stockholder of the firm, until his death in 1956. in 1936, putnam acquired the publisher coward-mccann (later coward, mccann & geoghegan), and ran it as an imprint into the 1980s.
"its award-winning advertising includes the popular catchphrase ""uh-oh, better get maaco."""	"its advertising includes the popular catchphrase ""uh-oh, better get maaco."""
go-set magazine documented the making of the pilot for the series, called once upon a twilight, with photos of the group on location around melbourne with their co-stars, comedienne mary hardy (playing the role of the band's secretary) and a youthful ronnie burns.	go-set magazine documented the making of the pilot for the series, called once upon a twilight, with photos of the group on location around melbourne with their co-stars, comedian mary hardy (playing the role of the band's secretary) and a youthful ronnie burns.
"about his general treatment of his basement family, he complained ""i am not the beast the media depicts me as"", and explained that he brought presents and toys into the bunker and often watched television with the children and ate meals with elisabeth and the children."	"about his general treatment of his basement family, he stated ""i am not the beast the media depicts me as"", and explained that he brought presents and toys into the bunker and often watched television with the children and ate meals with elisabeth and the children."
in 2001 the clp only won the seat on 88 primary votes, but this margin was extended in 2004, primarily as a result of the howard government's scare campaign over the war on terror.	in 2001 the clp only won the seat on 88 primary votes, but this margin was extended in 2004, primarily as a result of the howard government's campaign over the war on terror.
recent research suggests that adhd boys who are treated with stimulants like mph are actually less likely to abuse drugs and alcohol later in life.	recent research suggests that adhd boys who are treated with stimulants like mph are actually less likely to abuse drugs including alcohol later in life.
solectron won the prestigious malcolm baldrige national quality award twice in 1997 and in 1991 after nishimura instilled the rigorous certification criteria into the company's corporate culture and strategy.	solectron won the malcolm baldrige national quality award twice in 1997 and in 1991 after nishimura instilled the rigorous certification criteria into the company's corporate culture and strategy.
asia agcaoli is a filipino actress , model, and tv and radio host.	asia agcaoli is a filipino actor , model, and tv and radio host.
when the owner of the museum decided to sell his property, canadian businessman william jamieson purchased the contents of the museum and with the help of renowned canadian egyptologist, gayle gibson, identified their great value .	when the owner of the museum decided to sell his property, canadian businessman william jamieson purchased the contents of the museum and with the help of canadian egyptologist, gayle gibson, identified their great value .
addiction is a chronic disorder proposed to be precipitated by a combination of genetic, biological/pharmacological and social factors.	addiction is a chronic or recurrent condition proposed to be precipitated by a combination of genetic, biological/pharmacological and social factors.
"he argues that, as the name ""god"" or ""son of god"" was given in the old testament to men who were worthy, and as god does not withhold from men a share in his attributes--such as sovereignty and fatherhood--it was fitting that christ who has wrought salvation for mankind should obtain this highest name."	"he argues that, as the name ""god"" or ""son of god"" was given in the old testament to men who were worthy, and as god does not withhold from men a share in his attributes--such as sovereignty and fatherhood--it was fitting that christ who has wrought salvation for humanity should obtain this highest name."
this book had suffered damage during moslem raids, but was substantially intact, and copies were taken secretly.	this book had suffered damage during muslim raids, but was substantially intact, and copies were taken secretly.
lomo saltado with fries properly mixed in	lomo saltado with fries mixed in
for the sixth season, jenilee was given star credit but less of a role, playing the maid as she had to move out to ucla, however, she hardly appeared during the season.	for the sixth season, harrison was given star credit but less of a role, playing the maid as she had to move out to ucla, however, she hardly appeared during the season.
ironically, this long-held tenet was finally broken in 2005, when even bucky and jason todd returned to life.	ironically, this long-held tenet was finally broken in 2005, when both bucky and jason todd returned to life.
bath was born and raised in sydney's working-class western suburbs in auburn and raised in south wentworthville.	bath was born and raised in sydney's western suburbs in auburn and raised in south wentworthville.
social scientists don't take sides, although they tend to assume no supernatural intervention in the formation of religions, viewing them in the same way they view the development of other social structures.	social scientists don't take sides, and they tend to assume no supernatural intervention in the formation of religions, viewing them in the same way they view the development of other social structures.
james dixon, then chief technology officer at pentaho coined the term to contrast it with data mart, which is a smaller repository of interesting attributes extracted from raw data.	james dixon, then chief technology officer at pentaho allegedlycoined the term to contrast it with data mart, which is a smaller repository of interesting attributes extracted from raw data.
hubert-flix thifaine is a cult french pop-rock singer and songwriter, born july 21, 1948 in the town of dole in the jura dpartement.	hubert-flix thifaine is a french pop-rock singer and songwriter, born july 21, 1948 in the town of dole in the jura dpartement.
nat hentoff, liberal author and columnist.	nat hentoff, author and columnist.
"although the wildstorm comics relegates everything other than the original tv animated series to secondary canon, admiral rick hunter does note that ""rumours of zand's untimely demise were highly inaccurate"", a possible reference to zand's fate as depicted in the jack mckinney novels as well as being a cliched paraphrased reference of the classic mark twain quote."	"although the wildstorm comics relegates everything other than the original tv animated series to secondary canon, admiral rick hunter does note that ""rumours of zand's untimely demise were highly inaccurate"", a possible reference to zand's fate as depicted in the jack mckinney novels as well as being a paraphrased reference of the classic mark twain quote."
the apache children were separated from their mothers and distributed as servants to some of the best families of chihuahua.	the apache children were separated from their mothers and distributed as servants to some of the prominent families of chihuahua.
starforce is a controversial software copy prevention mechanism developed by protection technology.	starforce is a software copy prevention mechanism developed by protection technology.
it is famous for the find of the vindolanda tablets, one of the most important finds of military and private correspondence (written on wooden tablets) found anywhere in the empire.	it is noted for the find of the vindolanda tablets, one of the most important finds of military and private correspondence (written on wooden tablets) found anywhere in the empire.
the movie was deservedly nominated for academy awards for best actor in a supporting role (akim tamiroff), best cinematography and best music, score.	the movie was nominated for academy awards for best actor in a supporting role (akim tamiroff), best cinematography and best music, score.
various entries indicated that at times she seemed to doubt the existence of heaven, jesus christ, and god himself .	various entries indicated that at times she seemed to doubt the existence of heaven, jesus christ, and god itself (mother teresa refers to god as male) .
located at the famous cahokia mounds unesco world heritage site near collinsville, illinois, its size was calculated in 1988 as about 100 feet (30 meters) high, 955 feet (291 meters) long including the access ramp at the southern end, and 775 feet (236 meters) wide .	located at the cahokia mounds unesco world heritage site near collinsville, illinois, its size was calculated in 1988 as about 100 feet (30 meters) high, 955 feet (291 meters) long including the access ramp at the southern end, and 775 feet (236 meters) wide .
in consultation with the then australian rugby league (arl), mr kamea was instrumental in the formation of the first fiji team that took part in a 7's tournament in sydney, famously knocking over the great canberra raiders in one of fiji team's first ever games.	in consultation with the then australian rugby league (arl), mr kamea was instrumental in the formation of the first fiji team that took part in a 7's tournament in sydney, famously knocking over the canberra raiders in one of fiji team's first ever games.
such an algorithm may run enormously faster than one that is sure to give the right answer in every case.	such an algorithm may run much faster than one that is sure to give the right answer in every case.
in less than three months upon receiving the city council's approval, the mystic krewe of nyx proudly paraded on the streets of new orleans for the first time on february 15, 2012, with 534 riders.	in less than three months upon receiving the city council's approval, the mystic krewe of nyx paraded on the streets of new orleans for the first time on february 15, 2012, with 534 riders.
the current headmaster is mr thomas ashworth, who unfortunately retires at the end of this school year.	the current headmaster is mr thomas ashworth, who retires at the end of this school year.
polonium (in common with <sup>238<sup>pu) has the irksome ability to become airborne with ease.	polonium (in common with <sup>238<sup>pu) has the ability to become airborne with ease.
morristown-beard school is the product of the 1971 merger of two fine institutions, miss beard's school for girls, founded in 1891, and the morristown school for boys, established in 1891. dr. alex curtis is the head of school.	morristown-beard school is the product of the 1971 merger of two institutions, miss beard's school for girls, founded in 1891, and the morristown school for boys, established in 1891. dr. alex curtis is the head of school.
the impressive front entrance is all that has been preserved of the old botanical gardens.	the front entrance is all that has been preserved of the old botanical gardens.
mormonism has historically associated itself with christianity, but has had an uneasy relationship with traditional christian denominations , such as the roman catholic church, eastern orthodox church, anglican communion and most branches of protestantism.	mormonism has historically associated itself with christianity, but has had an uneasy relationship with traditional christian expressions of christianity , such as the roman catholic church, eastern orthodox church, anglican communion and most branches of protestantism.
it tells the story of the staff at the exceptionally fictional mill health centre.	it tells the story of the staff at the fictional mill health centre.
saint naum (, sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval macedonia n scholar and missionary among the slavs.	saint naum (, sveti naum), also known as naum of ohrid or naum of preslav (c. 830 december 23, 910) was a medieval bulgaria n scholar and missionary among the slavs.
it contains unbroken apostolic succession from st. peter and the other apostles.	it also claims unbroken apostolic succession from st. peter and the other apostles.
in addition, she sat on the 2006 panel of judges for the pen/newman's own award, which recognizes those who exceptionally defend the first amendment's right to freedom of expression in writing.	in addition, she sat on the 2006 panel of judges for the pen/newman's own award, which recognizes those who defend the first amendment's right to freedom of expression in writing.
on 27 november 1975, mcwhirter was assassinated by two ira members , both of whom were members of what became known as the balcombe street gang, the group for whose capture mcwhirter had offered the reward.	on 27 november 1975, mcwhirter was assassinated by two ira volunteers , both of whom were members of what became known as the balcombe street gang, the group for whose capture mcwhirter had offered the reward.
"it has been noted by leah greenblatt that ""gold lion"" sounds startlingly similar to ""no new tale to tell"" from 1980s alternative favorites love and rockets."	"it has been noted by leah greenblatt that ""gold lion"" sounds startlingly similar to ""no new tale to tell"" from 1980s alternative band love and rockets."
nick minchin, a liberal senator from south australia and leader of the party's dominant right faction, urged people not to vote for mr xenophon.	nick minchin, a liberal senator from south australia and leader of the party's right faction, urged people not to vote for mr xenophon.
additionally, an otherwise online system that is powered down is considered offline.	additionally, an otherwise online system that is powered down may be considered offline.
the series was created by stand-up comedienne cristela alonzo, who also starred in and wrote for the series and served as an executive producer with co-creator kevin hench, becky clements, marty adelstein, and shawn levy for fox television studios.	the series was created by stand-up comedian cristela alonzo, who also starred in and wrote for the series and served as an executive producer with co-creator kevin hench, becky clements, marty adelstein, and shawn levy for fox television studios.
"a cnn analysis indicated that obama had indeed referred to the incident as a ""terrorist attack"", but that romney was correct in noting that the administration delayed in conclusively stating that the attack was not a spontaneous protest related to the video."	"a cnn analysis stated that obama had indeed referred to the incident as a ""terrorist attack"", but that romney was correct in noting that the administration delayed in conclusively stating that the attack was not a spontaneous protest related to the video."
when barney died, sadly he was not replaced .	when barney died, he was not replaced.
he was born in zafra near badajoz, probably of marrano jewish descent, and he studied and lived in salamanca.	he was born in zafra near badajoz, probably of converso jewish descent, and he studied and lived in salamanca.
even before then, she made her name in san francisco politics by holding glitzy fundraisers in the wealthy presidio heights neighborhood.	even before then, she made her name in san francisco politics by holding fundraisers in the wealthy presidio heights neighborhood.
flag for northern ireland, and de jure flag of occupied ireland (1801 -1922) .	flag for northern ireland, and de jure flag of ireland (1801 -1922) .
"in june 2005, scotland on sunday reported that, when 'attacked' by two cocky usaf f-15e strike eagle strike fighter aircraft, a eurofighter on a 'case white' conversion training sortie was able to out-manoeuvre the attacking aircraft and ""shoot them down"" (i.e., achieve radar lock for a long enough period of time to accurately launch missiles, had this been real combat)."	"in june 2005, scotland on sunday reported that, when 'attacked' by two usaf f-15e strike eagle strike fighter aircraft, a eurofighter on a 'case white' conversion training sortie was able to out-manoeuvre the attacking aircraft and ""shoot them down"" (i.e., achieve radar lock for a long enough period of time to accurately launch missiles, had this been real combat)."
he also failed to show up at headquarters during the final phase of the offensive from 20 july 1944 to 22 july 1944 thus forcing lieutenant general wolfgang lange to assume command of the xiii .armeekorps.	he also failed to show up at headquarters during the final phase of the offensive from 20 july 1944 to 22 july 1944 thus forcing lieutenant general wolfgang lange to assume command of the xiii army corps.
in one 1971 episode celebrity james garner was accompanied for high-speed safety training at the skip barber racing school behind the wheel of a oldsmobile cutlass.	in one 1971 episode actor james garner was accompanied for high-speed safety training at the skip barber racing school behind the wheel of a oldsmobile cutlass.
pall mall, london, a famous street in central london, england	pall mall, london, a street in central london, england
within a week of his arrival as a young student interpreter aged 19, the namamugi incident (namamugi jiken) in which a british merchant was killed on the tokaido took place on september 14, 1862. satow was on board one of the british ships which bombarded kagoshima in 1863 to punish the satsuma clan's daimyo (shimazu hisamitsu) for the murder of charles lennox richardson and the refusal to pay an indemnity demanded as compensation.	within a week of his arrival as a young student interpreter aged 19, the namamugi incident (namamugi jiken) in which a british merchant was killed on the tokaido took place on september 14, 1862. satow was on board one of the british ships which bombarded kagoshima in 1863 to punish the satsuma clan's daimyo (shimazu hisamitsu) for the slaying of charles lennox richardson and the refusal to pay an indemnity demanded as compensation.
us military life insurance scandal	us military life insurance lawsuit
act now to stop war and end racism—also known as international answer and the answer coalition—is a radical communist protest organization that has taken a leading role in the post-9/11 anti-war movement.	act now to stop war and end racism—also known as international answer and the answer coalition—is a radical american protest organization that has taken a leading role in the post-9/11 anti-war movement.
many stadiums make luxury suites available to patrons for thousands of dollars per event.	many stadiums make luxury suites available to patrons for thousands of money per event.
it was mainly written by john lennon and credited to lennonmccartney.	it was written by john lennon and credited to lennonmccartney.
a misanthrope by nature, he appeared strange and bizarre to his fellow town-folk.	a recluse by nature, he appeared strange and bizarre to his fellow town-folk.
"in common with many conservative and labour mps he made the erroneous claim that the av system is contrary to the principle of 1 person 1 vote, stating that av would ""end our tradition of one person, one vote, and result in a situation where some people have their vote counted several times, and others just once""."	"in common with many conservative and labour mps he made the claim that the av system is contrary to the principle of 1 person 1 vote, stating that av would ""end our tradition of one person, one vote, and result in a situation where some people have their vote counted several times, and others just once""."
stylist and costume designer patricia field defended galliano by sending an email blast to 500 friends, blogs and media.	stylist and costume designer patricia field defended galliano by sending an email to 500 friends, blogs and media.
some of them settled in british mandatory palestine before israel's re- establishment shortly after world war ii, or in the early years of the new state of israel, while others came later.	some of them settled in british mandatory palestine before israel's establishment shortly after world war ii, or in the early years of the new state of israel, while others came later.
"presented to an audience of 8,000 in the kremlin's conference hall in 1963, the film won the prestigious grand prize at the moscow film festival to acclaim that worried the soviet festival authorities: the thunderous applause was ""a cry for freedom."""	"presented to an audience of 8,000 in the kremlin's conference hall in 1963, the film won the grand prize at the moscow film festival to acclaim that worried the soviet festival authorities: the thunderous applause was ""a cry for freedom."""
"and which can take ""all your senses that have been going outside all your life, turn them around and put them inside to feel and to actually experience you."""	"which can take ""all your senses that have been going outside all your life, turn them around and put them inside to feel and to actually experience you."""
although tqfts were invented by physicists, they are primarily of mathematical interest, being related to, among other things, knot theory and the theory of four-manifolds in algebraic topology, and to the theory of moduli spaces in algebraic geometry.	although tqfts were invented by physicists, they are also of mathematical interest, being related to, among other things, knot theory and the theory of four-manifolds in algebraic topology, and to the theory of moduli spaces in algebraic geometry.
on october 16, 2006, u.s. spy satellites detected suspicious vehicles and people near the site of north korea's initial nuclear test.	on october 16, 2006, u.s. spy satellites detected vehicles and people near the site of north korea's initial nuclear test.
in 2009, according to the united nations office on drugs and crime, 67% of all homicides in the united states were perpetrated using a firearm.	in 2009, according to the united nations office on drugs and crime, 67% of all homicides in the united states were conducted using a firearm.
butler also raised a future statesman, his son mounce gore butler, a united states congressman who represented tennessee in the u.s. house of representatives from 1905 to 1907. in 1910 secretary butler was posthumously honored by a later secretary of state, hallum goodloe, by hanging butler's portrait on the hallowed walls of tennessee's state capitol.	butler also raised a future statesman, his son mounce gore butler, a united states congressman who represented tennessee in the u.s. house of representatives from 1905 to 1907. in 1910 secretary butler was posthumously honored by a later secretary of state, hallum goodloe, by hanging butler's portrait on the walls of tennessee's state capitol.
since all his own works are lost, our knowledge of him is obtained from secondary sources, such as aratus's poem on astronomy.	since all his own works are lost, knowledge of him is obtained from secondary sources, such as aratus's poem on astronomy.
when all saints - the video was released, it was decided to release both versions on the video, because the british and european audience never had the pleasure of seeing both.	when all saints - the video was released, it was decided to release both versions on the video, because the british and european audience never had the opportunity of seeing both.
as of late 2004, a study by the british medical journal the lancet revealed that at least 100,000 iraqis had been killed since the start of the invasion on april 19th 2003. the iraqi government announced around the same time that two-thirds of all iraqi fatalities had been caused by coalition forces.	as of late 2004, a study by the british medical journal the lancet said that at least 100,000 iraqis had been killed since the start of the invasion on april 19th 2003. the iraqi government announced around the same time that two-thirds of all iraqi fatalities had been caused by coalition forces.
scripts can be simply written in visual basic or javascript and can be built to control, manipulate or automate almost any aspect of vegas.	scripts can be written in visual basic or javascript and can be built to control, manipulate or automate almost any aspect of vegas.
bbc four is arguably one of the best channels on british television.	bbc four is arguably one of the highest quality channels on british television.
bsa is still the nation's largest youth organization, serving more than 4.5 million young people in all programs (including their nondiscriminatory learning for life subsidiary).	bsa is still the nation's largest youth organization, serving more than 4.5 million young people in all programs (including their learning for life subsidiary).
while most in the national media believed that the texans drafting reggie bush in the 2006 draft was a no-brainer, many in houston began to voice their desire for the team to draft hometown hero vince young after his stunning performance in the rose bowl, that year's ncaa national championship game.	while most in the national media believed that the texans drafting reggie bush in the 2006 draft was a no-brainer, many in houston began to voice their desire for the team to draft hometown hero vince young after his performance in the rose bowl, that year's ncaa national championship game.
the pakistan-based islam-inspired terrorist organization, the islamic revolutionary front or islamic inquilab mahaz, claimed responsibility for the delhi terrorist attacks.	the pakistan-based islamist terrorist organization, the islamic revolutionary front or islamic inquilab mahaz, claimed responsibility for the delhi terrorist attacks.
ramsey is also the owner of independent record label, birdcage records, famous for launching the careers of dread zeppelin and the prime movers and for releasing groundbreaking titles by stan ridgway, ron asheton, in vivo (johnette napolitano of concrete blonde) and the mystery band (members of captain beefheart's magic band) and many others.	ramsey is also the owner of independent record label, birdcage records, famous for launching the careers of dread zeppelin and the prime movers and for releasing titles by stan ridgway, ron asheton, in vivo (johnette napolitano of concrete blonde) and the mystery band (members of captain beefheart's magic band) and many others.
the town is also famous for its beautiful english garden.	the town is also famous for its english garden.
in this configuration it was christened goldenrod.	in this configuration it was called goldenrod.
in this battle off samar phase of the epic battle for leyte gulf, fanshaw bay lost four men killed, and four wounded, but won enduring esteem and a presidential unit citation for the distinguished role she played in this and other actions.	in this battle off samar phase of the battle for leyte gulf, fanshaw bay lost four men killed, and four wounded, but won enduring esteem and a presidential unit citation for the distinguished role she played in this and other actions.
burley is a pleasant suburb of leeds, characterised by a mix of red brick terraced housing and green spaces.	burley is a suburb of leeds, characterised by a mix of red brick terraced housing and green spaces.
in 2000, a group of fourteen former gchq employees, who had been sacked after refusing to give up their union memberships, were awarded 500,000 compensation from the government.	in 2000, a group of fourteen former gchq employees, who had been fired after refusing to give up their union memberships, were awarded 500,000 compensation from the government.
unfortunetly , haase died in soviet captivity and o'donnell relied on witness accounts.	however , haase died in soviet captivity and o'donnell relied on witness accounts.
lucy webb is an american comedienne and actress, most famous for her work on the 1980s hbo series not necessarily the news.	lucy webb is an american comedian and actress, most famous for her work on the 1980s hbo series not necessarily the news.
imia is a pair of two small uninhabited greek islets in the aegean sea, situated between the greek island chain of the dodecanese and the southwestern mainland coast of turkey.	imia is a pair of two small uninhabited islets in the aegean sea, situated between the greek island chain of the dodecanese and the southwestern mainland coast of turkey.
indigo children is a new age term used to refer to a set of children who are having certain special psychological and spiritual attributes.	indigo children is a new age term used to refer to a set of children who are claimed to have certain special psychological and spiritual attributes.
the program also showed videos from other reality shows, especially its predecessor real tv, and was noted both for its fast-paced action and extensive analysis of slow-motion replays.	the program also showed videos from other reality shows, especially its predecessor real tv, and was noted both for its fast-paced action and its analysis of slow-motion replays.
PUNCT ADP ADJ VERB NOUN ADP DET NOUN ADJ NOUN PUNCT NOUN NOUN VERB ADP ADJ ADJ PUNCT NOUN NOUN ADJ PUNCT ADP DET NOUN ADP DET NOUN DET VERB NOUN VERB PUNCT CCONJ VERB NOUN ADP PUNCT DET ADJ NOUN PUNCT	punct prep poss amod pobj prep det nmod amod pobj punct compound nsubj ROOT prep poss compound punct compound pobj appos punct prep det pobj prep det pobj det amod nsubj relcl punct cc conj dobj prep punct det amod pobj punct
unfortunately , all of the kinescopes of the allen shows, which were stored in a warehouse along with other now defunct shows, were thrown into a local rubbish dump to make room for new studios.	however , all of the kinescopes of the allen shows, which were stored in a warehouse along with other now defunct shows, were thrown into a local rubbish dump to make room for new studios.
area shaded in green is pakistani occupied kashmir and area shaded in orange is indian controlled kashmir and the remainder is under chinese control.	area shaded in green is pakistani controlled kashmir and area shaded in orange is indian controlled kashmir and the remainder is under chinese control.
in a december 1996 game against the carolina panthers, stewart set the nfl record for longest touchdown run by a quarterback, with an amazing 80-yard touchdown.	in a december 1996 game against the carolina panthers, stewart set the nfl record for longest touchdown run by a quarterback, with an 80-yard touchdown.
like wikipedia, (see criticism of wikipedia), wikinews is also criticized for its ability to be partisan or include unverified and untrue claims and information.	like wikipedia, (see criticism of wikipedia), wikinews is also criticized for its perceived inability to be partisan or include unverified and untrue claims and information.
glory , 2000-present	the hunter era , 2000-present
a ridiculous statue of a viking, the name of the school's sports teams, stands out front.	a statue of a viking, the name of the school's sports teams, stands out front.
riplinger's views have been viewed as controversial and criticized by both those supporting and opposing kjv-onlyism .	riplinger's views have been viewed as controversial and criticized by both those supporting and opposing king james version only moviement .
brooker insists that the 1967 song was written even before fisher joined the band	brooker insists that the 1967 song was written before fisher joined the band
the incident occurred when an oil spill from an overturned truck burst into flames as curious onlookers attempted to steal remnants of the soiled fuel for personal use.	the incident occurred when an oil spill from an overturned truck burst into flames as curious onlookers attempted to obtain remnants of the soiled fuel for personal use.
it espouses the pseudoscientific theory of intelligent designnamely that life shows evidence of being designed by an intelligent agent, god.	it espouses the theory of intelligent designnamely that life shows evidence of being designed by an intelligent agent, god.
carrow road, built in just 82 days and norwich city's home since 1935|right	carrow road, built in 82 days and norwich city's home since 1935|right
"david dimbleby once referred to robin cook as ""robin cock"" (cook responded elegantly by calling the chairman ""mr bumblebee""); cecil parkinson referred to a particular feat having been accomplished ""without liars"" as opposed to without wires, and harriet harman confidently started one answer ""since gordon brown became prime minister ..."", several years before he succeeded tony blair."	"david dimbleby once referred to robin cook as ""robin cock"" (cook responded by calling the chairman ""mr bumblebee""); cecil parkinson referred to a particular feat having been accomplished ""without liars"" as opposed to without wires, and harriet harman confidently started one answer ""since gordon brown became prime minister ..."", several years before he succeeded tony blair."
the resurrection of lord jesus is the central doctrine in christianity.	the resurrection of jesus is the central doctrine in christianity.
anti-malay racism refers to prejudice against ethnic malays.	anti-malay racism refers to sentiments or judgements against ethnic malays.
alexander archer vandegrift was born on march 13, 1887 in the small town of charlottesville, virginia where his father of dutch descent was an architect and contractor.	alexander archer vandegrift was born on march 13, 1887 in the town of charlottesville, virginia where his father of dutch descent was an architect and contractor.
criticism of the united states land surface temperature record	evaluation of the united states land surface temperature record
in the current global grassroots movements for social justice, the emphasis has been on the breaking of unspoken barriers for social mobility, the creation of safety nets and economic justice.	in the current global grassroots movements for social justice, the emphasis has been on the breaking of barriers for social mobility, the creation of safety nets and economic justice.
it would also result in a redundant general election and special election occurring on the same day, with the winner of the special election serving from the moment the election is certified (or the loser concedes, whichever is first) until january 2011, and the winner of the general election serving from that point until 2013. furthermore, the redundant election complicates the primary election process: it would be theoretically possible for either reed or zeller to be defeated in the primary election in mid-september, but then remain on the ballot for the special election.	it would also result in a general election and special election occurring on the same day, with the winner of the special election serving from the moment the election is certified (or the loser concedes, whichever is first) until january 2011, and the winner of the general election serving from that point until 2013. furthermore, the redundant election complicates the primary election process: it would be theoretically possible for either reed or zeller to be defeated in the primary election in mid-september, but then remain on the ballot for the special election.
julian represented the england c national football team on five occasions between 1999 and 2005, starting all five of the matches in which he featured, playing against the amateur sides of belgium, france, norway, croatia and scotland.	alsop represented the england c national football team on five occasions between 1999 and 2005, starting all five of the matches in which he featured, playing against the amateur sides of belgium, france, norway, croatia and scotland.
an angel is a type of mythical being, that are messengers of god in the hebrew bible (translating ), the new testament and the quran.	an angel is a type of supernatural being, that are messengers of god in the hebrew bible (translating ), the new testament and the quran.
the ares designs were selected for their anticipated overall safety, reliability and cost-effectiveness.	nasa asserts its ares designs were selected for their anticipated overall safety, reliability and cost-effectiveness.
(the questionnaires, bedlam, iodine), which naturally led him to widen his studio skills where he	(the questionnaires, bedlam, iodine), which led him to widen his studio skills where he
free will is the purported ability of agents to make choices free from certain kinds of constraints.	free will is the putative ability of agents to make choices free from certain kinds of constraints.
the country's global adventurism in the 16th century linked continents, economies and cultures as never before.	the country's global explorations in the 16th century linked continents, economies and cultures as never before.
"also has a large neon sign over a small round building in the middle of the trianglen, sterbro - a public restroom on its northern side and "" shwarma trianglen"" on its south end."	"also has a large neon sign over a small round building in the middle of the trianglen, sterbro - a public restroom on its northern side and ""trianglen"" on its south end."
shakespeare wrote some of the greatest works in english literature.	shakespeare is considered to have written some of the greatest works in english literature.
for the better-known christian concept, see spiritual warfare	for the christian concept, see spiritual warfare
"the process of interpretation in practice will have a bearing on excavation strategies on site so ""phasing"" a site is actively pursued during excavation where at all possible and is considered best practice."	"the process of interpretation in practice will have a bearing on excavation strategies on site so ""phasing"" a site is actively pursued during excavation where at all possible and is considered good practice."
illegal immigration refers to the migration of people across national borders, or the residence of foreign nationals in a country, in a way that violates the immigration laws of the destination country.	illegal immigration refers to the migration of people across national borders, or the residence of foreign nationals in a country, in a way that is illegal according to the immigration laws of the destination country.
india houses a population of 1,192,225,812 people (2006), comprising approximately one-sixth of humankind .	india houses a population of 1,192,225,812 people (2006), comprising approximately one-sixth of the world's population .
while it is probably the most common term used to describe the islands, use of this term is largely rejected in ireland.	while it is probably the most common term used to describe the islands, use of this term is is not universally accepted and is sometimes rejected in ireland.
the majority of hennepin county commissioners did not feel a referendum was necessary to approve the sales tax because of the unnecessary delay it would cause.	the majority of hennepin county commissioners did not feel a referendum was necessary to approve the sales tax because of the delay it would cause.
amor vittone (born 16 march 1972 as amor ines vittone) is a well-known south african singer.	amor vittone (born 16 march 1972 as amor ines vittone) is a south african singer.
stonehenge is a novel in which noted historical novelist bernard cornwell imaginatively reconstructs the events of forty centuries ago, when the prehistoric site of what is now called stonehenge was ambitiously rebuilt, with stone monoliths replacing wooden poles.	stonehenge is a novel in which historical novelist bernard cornwell imaginatively reconstructs the events of forty centuries ago, when the prehistoric site of what is now called stonehenge was ambitiously rebuilt, with stone monoliths replacing wooden poles.
march 20 - 2003 iraq war: land troops from united states, united kingdom, australia and poland invade iraq, preceded by a surgical air strike on the suspected bunker of saddam hussein in baghdad.	march 20 - 2003 iraq war: land troops from united states, united kingdom, australia and poland invade iraq, preceded by a air strike on the suspected bunker of saddam hussein in baghdad.
the academic response to this ruling has been unduly negative, e.g.	the academic response to this ruling has been negative, e.g.
some italian sources claim that these killings amounted to ethnic cleansing, and that italian people subsequently had no option but to emigrate .	some italian sources consider that these killings amounted to ethnic cleansing, and that italian people subsequently had no option but to emigrate .
members of the underground launch a daring rescue from the prison facility where russell suffers torture and interrogation that causes a stroke; maya murders phyllis in the process of the rescue.	members of the underground launch a daring rescue from the prison facility where russell suffers torture and interrogation that causes a stroke; maya kills phyllis in the process of the rescue.
stage magician and debunker james randi is a well-known critic of parapsychology and has shown that magic tricks can account for all apparent psychic phenomena.	stage magician and debunker james randi is a well-known critic of parapsychology and has shown that magic tricks can account for some apparent psychic phenomena.
"a memorable scene in the film is soundtracked by ""i think we're alone now"" by 1960s bubblegum pop band tommy james & the shondells."	"a particular scene in the film is soundtracked by ""i think we're alone now"" by 1960s bubblegum pop band tommy james & the shondells."
"it is classed as a public school in common with the traditional independent schools in england and wales, although in scotland, as in most of the english-speaking world, ""public school"" usually refers to a state school."	"it is sometimes referred to as a public school in common with the traditional independent schools in england and wales, although in scotland, as in most of the english-speaking world, ""public school"" usually refers to a state school."
a left winger who can also operate as a left back, he is mostly known for his blazing speed.	a left winger who can also operate as a left back, he is mostly known for his speed.
on july 7, 1976, the president and first lady served as proud hosts at a white house state dinner for queen elizabeth ii and prince philip of the united kingdom, which was televised on the public broadcasting service network.	on july 7, 1976, the president and first lady served as hosts at a white house state dinner for queen elizabeth ii and prince philip of the united kingdom, which was televised on the public broadcasting service network.
if a player has majority of the five segments in the circle or star, he/she scores 10 points.	if a player has majority of the five segments in the circle or star, they scores 10 points.
the 2005 civil unrest in france of october and november (in french les meutes des banlieues de 2005) was a series of riots by muslim youth in paris and other french cities, involving mainly the burning of cars and public buildings at night starting on 27 october 2005 in clichy-sous-bois.	the 2005 civil unrest in france of october and november (in french les meutes des banlieues de 2005) was a series of riots by youth in paris and other french cities, involving mainly the burning of cars and public buildings at night starting on 27 october 2005 in clichy-sous-bois.
unfortunately both cranes have stood idle since their arrival except for a few training sessions	both cranes have stood idle since their arrival except for a few training sessions
in the years leading up to the formation of the cavalier marching band, the university of virginia had become the last remaining program in the atlantic coast conference without a true marching band.	in the years leading up to the formation of the cavalier marching band, the university of virginia had become the last remaining program in the atlantic coast conference without a conventional marching band.
the band had recorded several songs for a second album, however on december 8, 2004 during a damageplan show at the alrosa villa in columbus, ohio, darrell was fatally shot on stage by 25-year-old mentally ill ex-marine cockroach , who was shot and killed by police officer james niggemeyer minutes later.	the band had recorded several songs for a second album, however on december 8, 2004 during a damageplan show at the alrosa villa in columbus, ohio, darrell was fatally shot on stage by 25-year-old mentally ill ex-marine, who was shot and killed by police officer james niggemeyer minutes later.
issues of cross-platform development	criticisms of cross-platform development
"in 1946, with only monogram making films using any of the original dead end kids, huntz hall, leo gorcey, and gorcey's agent, jan grippo, revamped the east side kids, rechristening them ""the bowery boys""."	"in 1946, with only monogram making films using any of the original dead end kids, huntz hall, leo gorcey, and gorcey's agent, jan grippo, revamped the east side kids, renaming them ""the bowery boys""."
linux-libre was first released by the free software foundation latin america (fsfla), then endorsed by the free software foundation as a valuable component for the totally free gnu/ linux distributions.	linux-libre was first released by the free software foundation latin america (fsfla), then endorsed by the free software foundation as a valuable component for the totally free linux distributions.
purported by the russian government as being designed to defeat present and potential anti-missile systems, the icbm was first tested by a launch from a mobile launcher at the plesetsk cosmodrome in northwestern russia at 11:20 gmt, may 29, 2007 and its test warheads landed on target about away at the kura test range in far eastern kamchatka peninsula.	asserted by the russian government as being designed to defeat present and potential anti-missile systems, the icbm was first tested by a launch from a mobile launcher at the plesetsk cosmodrome in northwestern russia at 11:20 gmt, may 29, 2007 and its test warheads landed on target about away at the kura test range in far eastern kamchatka peninsula.
the legendary rheingold (rhinegold) was a famous train riding between hoek van holland near rotterdam and basel, switzerland, a distance of .	the rheingold (rhinegold) was a famous train riding between hoek van holland near rotterdam and basel, switzerland, a distance of .
i think it's only fair that we warn users of this possibility.	i think it's only fair that we warn people of this possibility.
its government defines itself as a communist-led democratic multi-party state of the juche political ideology, although in practice, it functions as a dictatorship.	its government defines itself as a communist-led democratic multi-party state of the juche political ideology, although in practice, it is believed to function as a dictatorship.
in his 2006 book the god delusion, dawkins contends that a supernatural creator almost certainly does not exist and that religious faith is a delusiona fixed false belief.	in his 2006 book the god delusion, dawkins contends that a supernatural creator almost certainly does not exist and that religious faith is a delusiona fixed belief.
although the dreamcast had a relatively successful release, it unfortunately failed to gather a foothold in the market against the sony playstation, the nintendo 64, and the release of the playstation 2, which would dominate the market until microsoft and nintendo entered the sixth generation of video game consoles, although the playstation 2 would continue its market lead throughout the era.	although the dreamcast had a relatively successful release, it failed to gather a foothold in the market against the sony playstation, the nintendo 64, and the release of the playstation 2, which would dominate the market until microsoft and nintendo entered the sixth generation of video game consoles, although the playstation 2 would continue its market lead throughout the era.
stanley kubrick (july 26, 1928 - march 7, 1999) was a cool jewish-american film director born in the bronx, new york city who lived most of his life in england.	stanley kubrick (july 26, 1928 - march 7, 1999) was a jewish-american film director born in the bronx, new york city who lived most of his life in england.
a leading moderate republican, snowe has become widely known for her ability to influence close votes and senatorial filibusters, making her among the most influential of u.s. senators.	a moderate republican, snowe has become widely known for her ability to influence close votes and senatorial filibusters, making her among the most influential of u.s. senators.
as with mononoke and kiki, critical opinion was mixed about the new dub, but cloris leachman and mark hamill's performances as dola and muska drew raves .	as with mononoke and kiki, critical opinion was mixed about the new dub, but cloris leachman and mark hamill's performances as dola and muska drew praise .
academic programs at rhode island college are split into five colleges: the faculty of arts and sciences, the feinstein school of education and human development, the school of management, the school of nursing and the school of social work.	academic programs at rhode island college are divided into five colleges: the faculty of arts and sciences, the feinstein school of education and human development, the school of management, the school of nursing and the school of social work.
rosa monckton's elder brother is christopher monckton, 3rd viscount monckton (born 14 february 1952), journalist, outspoken climate change denier and creator of the eternity puzzle.	rosa monckton's elder brother is christopher monckton, 3rd viscount monckton (born 14 february 1952), journalist, outspoken climate change sceptic and creator of the eternity puzzle.
on may 8, 2012, north carolina voters approved the amendment, 61.04% to 38.96%, with a voter turnout of only 34.66%.	on may 8, 2012, north carolina voters approved the amendment, 61.04% to 38.96%, with a voter turnout of 34.66%.
he is best known for playing the lead role, agent dale cooper, in david lynch's seminal tv series twin peaks.	he is best known for playing the lead role, agent dale cooper, in david lynch's tv series twin peaks.
much like in real life, sl participants can form sexual relationships and have cybersex in the thriving mature community in second life.	much like in real life, sl participants can form sexual relationships and have cybersex in the mature community in second life.
so-called second epistle of clement	second epistle of clement
on december 2, 2009, aubertine was one of only eight democratic state senators to vote against same-sex marriage legislation, which failed to pass the senate.	on december 2, 2009, aubertine was one of eight democratic state senators to vote against same-sex marriage legislation, which failed to pass the senate.
despite being thoroughly influenced by the aryan traditions, remnants of the nga customs can still be found amongst the nairs, such as serpent worship.	despite being influenced by the aryan traditions, remnants of the nga customs can still be found amongst the nairs, such as serpent worship.
nva/vc forces murdered around 164,000 civilians between 1954 and 1975 in south vietnam.	nva/vc forces killed around 164,000 civilians between 1954 and 1975 in south vietnam.
"rabbi kahane often pointed out, during speeches as well as at length in his books, that the term ""kahanism"" is used primarily by those ignorant of torah judaism to discredit ""his"" ideology, which he constantly showed to be rooted in halakha, thereby highlighting that what is called ""kahanism"" is actually just torah judaism."	"rabbi kahane often pointed out, during speeches as well as at length in his books, that the term ""kahanism"" is used primarily by those ignorant of torah judaism to discredit ""his"" ideology, which he constantly asserted to be rooted in halakha, thereby highlighting that what is called ""kahanism"" is actually just torah judaism."
to meet wikipedia's style guidelines and conform to our policies regarding npov , original research, and verifiability, please provide appropriate citations and/or footnotes.	to meet wikipedia's style guidelines and conform to our policies regarding neutral point of view , original research, and verifiability, please provide appropriate citations and/or footnotes.
games that support the feature include a sophisticated head scanning program that can be used to generate a 3d model of the player's head.	games that support the feature include a head scanning program that can be used to generate a 3d model of the player's head.
lesley baker (born 1944), australian actress, singer, dancer and comedienne	lesley baker (born 1944), australian actress, singer, dancer and comedian
following the backlash to these statements he stepped down as an active member of normalboots.	shortly after the backlash to these statements he stepped down as an active member of normalboots.
chainsaw al dunlap (born 1937), reviled american businessman	chainsaw al dunlap (born 1937), american businessman
finally, michelle yeoh also appeared in the jackie chan film police story 3 (aka super cop), and the semi-sequel / spinoff once a cop, which was also known as super cop, super cop 2 and various other abstruse titles.	finally, michelle yeoh also appeared in the jackie chan film police story 3 (aka super cop), and the semi-sequel / spinoff once a cop, which was also known as super cop, super cop 2 and various other titles.
luckily this rule was overturned in time for the return of the king to receive the oscar for best music score.	this rule was overturned in time for the return of the king to receive the oscar for best music score.
if this were not the case all we can say is that an action, at a specific point of time, reveals part of a man 's preference scale at that time.	if this were not the case all we can say is that an action, at a specific point of time, reveals part of a person 's preference scale at that time.
"rockist was possibly coined in 1981 when english rock musician pete wylie announced his race against rockism campaign, an inversion of ""rock against racism""."	"rockist was reportedly coined in 1981 when english rock musician pete wylie announced his race against rockism campaign, an inversion of ""rock against racism""."
"on february 1st, the populist neoliberal and neoconservative weekly wprost ostentatiously offered wildstein a job and declared it would also publish the list if ""technically possible"" ."	"on february 1st, the neoliberal and neoconservative weekly wprost ostentatiously offered wildstein a job and declared it would also publish the list if ""technically possible"" ."
"mann's recent work has been on modelling el nio, and he has warned that ""we are already committed to 50 to 100 years of global warming and several centuries of sea level rise"" and that reduction in fossil fuel emissions is required to slow the process down to a level that can be coped with."	"mann's recent work has been on modelling el nio, and he has indicated that ""we are already committed to 50 to 100 years of global warming and several centuries of sea level rise"" and that reduction in fossil fuel emissions is required to slow the process down to a level that can be coped with."
following his parliamentary defeat after just one term, he joined the family first party.	following his parliamentary defeat after one term, he joined the family first party.
his feast-day is march 17 among latins , and july 31 in the east and among the lutherans.	his feast-day is march 17 among catholics , and july 31 in the east and among the lutherans.
edwards that criticizes richard lewontin's 1972 conclusion that race is an invalid taxonomic construct.	edwards that criticizes richard lewontin's 1972 argument that race is an invalid taxonomic construct.
"he described himself as a ""communist/socialist"" and was regarded as part of the so-called ""awkward squad"" the loose grouping of left-wing union leaders who came to power in a series of electoral victories beginning in 2002. after he became leader, the rmt's membership increased from around 57,000 in 2002 to more than 80,000 in 2008, making it one of britain's fastest growing trade unions."	"he described himself as a ""communist/socialist"" and was regarded as part of the ""awkward squad"" the loose grouping of left-wing union leaders who came to power in a series of electoral victories beginning in 2002. after he became leader, the rmt's membership increased from around 57,000 in 2002 to more than 80,000 in 2008, making it one of britain's fastest growing trade unions."
a well-known source for real-world testing is phoronix.	a source for real-world testing is phoronix.
more importantly, turkey refuses to officially recognise cyprus, a current eu member, and it is waging economic sanctions against armenia.	more importantly, turkey refuses to officially recognise cyprus, a current eu member, and it is excercising economic sanctions against armenia.
there is fascinating glimpse of the chapel preserved in the bodleian ms 240. this dates from the 1370s, when in the space of five years there were seven miracles connected with the chapel.	there is glimpse of the chapel preserved in the bodleian ms 240. this dates from the 1370s, when in the space of five years there were seven miracles connected with the chapel.
the americans was widely revived on the internet, on radio and in newspapers in 2001, following the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and again in 2005 in the devastating aftermath of hurricane katrina.	the americans was widely revived on the internet, on radio and in newspapers in 2001, following the september 11, 2001 attacks, and again in 2005 in the devastating aftermath of hurricane katrina.
he also won the second series of britain's got talent on 31 may 2008, at the young age of 14.	he also won the second series of britain's got talent on 31 may 2008, at the age of 14.
however, pirate copies are widely available.	however, imported copies are widely available.
during the 1930s and later in american exile, his literary career went downhill, and eventually he died in santa monica, california, lonely and without much money, just months before he was to move to soviet-occupied germany to become president of the prussian academy of arts.	during the 1930s and later in american exile, his literary career went downhill, and eventually he died in santa monica, california, lonely and without much money, just months before he was to move to east germany to become president of the prussian academy of arts.
a comedienne , she played the title role in pedro bloch's production dona xepa and then repeated the performance in the film, adapted in 1959.	a comedian , she played the title role in pedro bloch's production dona xepa and then repeated the performance in the film, adapted in 1959.
however, capleton has continued to sing songs that some claim violate the rca, causing the cancellation of a concert in switzerland in 2008 and a united states tour in 2010, and as of late 2010 the stop the murder music campaign is continuing to have limited success in canceling capleton gigs	however, capleton has continued to sing songs that some claim violate the rca, causing the cancellation of a concert in switzerland in 2008 and a united states tour in 2010, and as of late 2010 the stop the murder music campaign is continuing to have some success in canceling capleton gigs
"in 1972 the bbc demonstrated their system, now known as ceefax (""see facts"", the departmental stationery used the curious ""cx"" logo), on various news shows."	"in 1972 the bbc demonstrated their system, now known as ceefax (""see facts"", the departmental stationery used the ""cx"" logo), on various news shows."
penelope tree (born 1950) is a former anglo-american supermodel .	penelope tree (born 1950) is a former anglo-american model .
"your mindset shifts to ""i may have to shoot him today,"" focusing on the specific target which has caused the escalation in alert status."	"your mindset shifts to ""i may have to shoot that person today,"" focusing on the specific target which has caused the escalation in alert status."
in addition, the science-fiction version of the flying car typically resembles a conventional car with no visible means of propulsion, unlike that of an aeroplane .	in addition, the science-fiction version of the flying car typically resembles a conventional car with no visible means of propulsion, unlike that of an fixed-wing aircraft or helicopter .
this re-formulation contains no fruit juice and is still sweetened with unnatural high fructose corn syrup (hfcs).	this re-formulation contains no fruit juice and is still sweetened with high fructose corn syrup (hfcs).
in 2015, draper was a fellow at the prestigious tanglewood music center.	in 2015, draper was a fellow at the tanglewood music center.
this left a number of stalwarts out of gb reckoning for 1988, when gb famously went on to win gold in seoul with no welsh representation.	this left a number of stalwarts out of gb reckoning for 1988, when gb went on to win gold in seoul with no welsh representation.
the merit-based approach of monetary distribution used by videofact and associated canadian record funding organization (factor) is not without critics.	the approach of monetary distribution used by videofact and associated canadian record funding organization (factor) is not without critics.
on april 11, 2007, stronach announced that she would not seek re-election, and will instead return to magna international as executive vice chairman .	on april 11, 2007, stronach announced that she would not seek re-election, and will instead return to magna international as executive vice chairperson .
it was during this period that the band became incorrectly associated with the gothic subculture, which had begun in britain, and was slowly gaining popularity in the united states.	it was during this period that the band became associated with the gothic subculture, which had begun in britain, and was slowly gaining popularity in the united states.
lea delaria (born 1958), american comedienne , actress and jazz musician	lea delaria (born 1958), american comedian , actress and jazz musician
confusion with the caduceus	comparison with the caduceus
israel is our home) is a right-wing political party in israel.	israel is our home) is a nationalist political party in israel.
ahmad sa'adat (also transliterated from arabic as ahmed sadat/saadat, arabic: )(born 1954) is a palestinian terrorist , and secretary-general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp), a militant palestinian group.	ahmad sa'adat (also transliterated from arabic as ahmed sadat/saadat, arabic: )(born 1954) is a palestinian militant , and secretary-general of the popular front for the liberation of palestine (pflp), a militant palestinian group.
one blatant change to the formula was the removal and reduction of real cheese.	one change to the formula was the removal and reduction of real cheese.
additionally, danish and english are spoken in greenland, and the country enjoys a 100% literacy rate.	additionally, danish and english are spoken in greenland, and the country has a 100% literacy rate.
previously a registered republican, o'reilly re-registered as having no party affiliation in 2000 as part of his and fox news channel's efforts to brand his conservative talk show as nonpartisan.	previously a registered republican, o'reilly re-registered as having no party affiliation in 2000 as part of his and fox news channel's efforts to brand his talk show as nonpartisan.
mr. krishnanand rai was an indian politician born on 11 december 1955 in ghazipur district of uttar pradesh, india.	krishnanand rai was an indian politician born on 11 december 1955 in ghazipur district of uttar pradesh, india.
it is loosely based on the italian comic, martin mystre.	it is based on the italian comic, martin mystre.
according to a 2006 study by the right-wing goldwater institute, arizona's public schools spend 50% more per student than arizona's private schools.	according to a 2006 study by the conservative goldwater institute, arizona's public schools spend 50% more per student than arizona's private schools.
many prominent figures and active members of the gay communities in the area came together to organise an event in the lower gardens to protect the gay communities from the bigots and keep them together for a day of celebration, rather than of hostility.	many prominent figures and active members of the gay communities in the area came together to organise an event in the lower gardens to protect the gay communities from the homophobes and keep them together for a day of celebration, rather than of hostility.
winnicki is a prolific poster on the racist vanguard news network (vnn) web forum.	winnicki is a prolific poster on the vanguard news network (vnn) web forum .
this gave a chance for some brilliant commanders to appear such as general koos de la rey and general c.r.	this gave a chance for some commanders to appear such as general koos de la rey and general c.r.
"economic historian lee a. craig points out , ""in fact, numerous studies by economic historians over the past several decades reveal that economic conflict was not an inherent condition of north-south relations during the antebellum era and did not cause the civil war."""	"economic historian lee a. craig points contends , ""in fact, numerous studies by economic historians over the past several decades reveal that economic conflict was not an inherent condition of north-south relations during the antebellum era and did not cause the civil war."""
during galatasaray's dissapointing 201415 uefa champions league group action where they were knocked out at the group stage, sneijder scored 1 goal - a late free kick against arsenal f.c.	during galatasaray's 201415 uefa champions league group action where they were knocked out at the group stage, sneijder scored 1 goal - a late free kick against arsenal f.c.
robert loggia (born salvatore loggia; january 3, 1930) is an oscar-nominated american actor and director.	robert loggia (born salvatore loggia; january 3, 1930) is an american actor and director.
roosevelt is buried in brompton cemetery, where there is a great statue of her at her tomb.	roosevelt is buried in brompton cemetery, where there is a statue of her at her tomb.
william knox schroeder (july 20, 1950 – may 4, 1970) was a student at kent state university, ohio, when he was murdered by ohio national guardsmen in the kent state shootings.	william knox schroeder (july 20, 1950 – may 4, 1970) was a student at kent state university, ohio, when he was killed by ohio national guardsmen in the kent state shootings.
although the diagnostic categories are referred to neutrally as 'disorders', they are presented as if medical diseases, but are not validated in the same way as most medical diagnoses.	although the diagnostic categories are referred to as 'disorders', they are presented as if medical diseases, but are not validated in the same way as most medical diagnoses.
pirate parties support civil rights, direct democracy and participation in government, reform of copyright and patent law, free sharing of knowledge (open content), information privacy, transparency, freedom of information, anti-corruption and network neutrality.	pirate parties support civil rights, direct democracy and participation in government, reform of copyright and patent law, free sharing of knowledge (open content), information privacy, transparency, freedom of information, anti-corruption and internet neutrality.
premillennialist futurists like arthur pink in his work the antichrist attribute vast portions within the old and new testament to this future figure that will rise to global prominence politically, economically and militarily by setting up a governmental structure possessing sweeping powers over worship and the affairs of mankind .	premillennialist futurists like arthur pink in his work the antichrist attribute vast portions within the old and new testament to this future figure that will rise to global prominence politically, economically and militarily by setting up a governmental structure possessing sweeping powers over worship and the affairs of humanity .
the new stadium will replace the team's older stadium estadio corona, built in 1970 with a capacity of just 20,000. the stadium will be located on the impressive territorio santos modelo.	the new stadium will replace the team's older stadium estadio corona, built in 1970 with a capacity of just 20,000. the stadium will be located on the territorio santos modelo.
"the plot involves a host of other characters of varying importance, such as the twelve other dwarves of the company; two types of elves, both puckish and more serious warrior types; men (humans); trolls with ""cockney"" accents; cave-dwelling goblins; forest-dwelling giant spiders who can speak; immense and heroic eagles who also speak; malicious wolves who are allied with the goblins; elrond the sage; gollum, a mysterious creature inhabiting an underground lake; beorn, a man who can assume bear form; and bard the bowman, a heroic archer of lake-town."	"the plot involves a host of other characters of varying importance, such as the twelve other dwarves of the company; two types of elves, both puckish and more serious warrior types; men (humans); trolls with ""cockney"" accents; cave-dwelling goblins; forest-dwelling giant spiders who can speak; immense and heroic eagles who also speak; evil wolves who are allied with the goblins; elrond the sage; gollum, a mysterious creature inhabiting an underground lake; beorn, a man who can assume bear form; and bard the bowman, a heroic archer of lake-town."
to introduce oneself to the culture of local aborigines, nanai people, as well as to learn more about neolithic origines of tribes there is a wonderful destination sikhachi-alyan.	to introduce oneself to the culture of local aborigines, nanai people, as well as to learn more about neolithic origines of tribes there is a notable destination sikhachi-alyan.
"{ lat = 36.647, long = 37.882, mark = m. is , marksize = 6, label = ""muhsinli"", label_size = 0 },"	"{ lat = 36.647, long = 37.882, mark = m. opp , marksize = 6, label = ""muhsinli"", label_size = 0 },"
turkey and turkish cypriots, for 30 years rejected all un-proposals, but suddenly backed the 2004 annan plan aimed at reunification of the island, but was subsequently rejected by greek cypriots on the grounds that it did not meet their needs.	turkey and turkish cypriots, for 30 years rejected all un-proposals, but backed the 2004 annan plan aimed at reunification of the island, but was subsequently rejected by greek cypriots on the grounds that it did not meet their needs.
"in an interview on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the september 11 attacks, she conflated homosexuality with hiv/aids, and reiterated her claim that homosexuality is a greater threat to the united states than terrorism, saying ""its more dangerous, and yes i think that its also more dangerous because it will tear down the moral fiber of this nation."""	"in an interview on the eve of the 10th anniversary of the september 11 attacks, she correlated homosexuality with hiv/aids, and reiterated her claim that homosexuality is a greater threat to the united states than terrorism, saying ""its more dangerous, and yes i think that its also more dangerous because it will tear down the moral fiber of this nation."""
tony thompson passed away tragically on june 1, 2007 in his hometown of waco, tx.	tony thompson passed away on june 1, 2007 in his hometown of waco, tx.
terrence mann (born terrance vaughan mann on july 1, 1951 in kentucky) is a prominent singer and actor who has dominated the broadway stage for the past two decades.	terrence mann (born terrance vaughan mann on july 1, 1951 in kentucky) is a prominent singer and actor who has been prominent on the broadway stage for the past two decades.
"in the very first edition of ""the nerd perspective,"" posehn gave a scathing criticism of mtv and its obvious declining quality."	"in the very first edition of ""the nerd perspective,"" posehn gave a scathing criticism of mtv and its declining quality."
in 2009 he moved to the united states to sign with mls giants los angeles galaxy.	in 2009 he moved to the united states to sign with mls club los angeles galaxy.
it proves that scandinavian explorers reached the middle of north america in the 14th century, but some scholars and historians dismiss it as a prank or hoax.	it suggests that scandinavian explorers reached the middle of north america in the 14th century, but some scholars and historians dismiss it as a prank or hoax.
"the mashup contains the catchy saxophone sound from the 2003 track calabria, originally made by danish dj rune rk, also known as artificial funk; the vocals from crystal waters' 2004 track ""destination unknown""."	"the mashup contains the saxophone sound from the 2003 track calabria, originally made by danish dj rune rk, also known as artificial funk; the vocals from crystal waters' 2004 track ""destination unknown""."
the names of a nice waterfall (systrafoss which means the waterfall of the sisters i.e.	the names of a waterfall (systrafoss which means the waterfall of the sisters i.e.
in subsequent interviews, noel seemed to agree, saying that he has nothing against him, but white's problematic personal life was impeding on his professional commitments with oasis.	in subsequent interviews, noel seemed to agree, saying that he has nothing against him, but white's personal life was impeding on his professional commitments with oasis.
red steel's innovative way of playing makes it a unique experience compared to most first person shooters.	red steel's way of playing makes it a unique experience compared to most first person shooters.
cynthia died of peritonitis in 1933, after which mosley married his mistress diana guinness, ne mitford, (one of the infamous mitford sisters).	cynthia died of peritonitis in 1933, after which mosley married his mistress diana guinness, ne mitford, (one of the celebrated mitford sisters).
as news of her passing spread, the hollywood community that pierce had been a part of mourned.	as news of her death spread, the hollywood community that pierce had been a part of mourned.
several major bollywood actors have their roots connected to afghanistan.	several bollywood actors have their roots connected to afghanistan.
this irresponsible act changed the course of the river and thus caused ecological imbalance in that area.	this act changed the course of the river and thus caused ecological imbalance in that area.
while her writing has received attention from academic philosophers and remains both influential and controversial in popular culture.	her writing has received attention from academic philosophers and remains both influential and controversial in popular culture.
prince charles edward louis philip casimir stuart (31 december 1720  31 january 1788) commonly known as bonnie prince charlie or the young pretender was the jacobite pretender to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland.	prince charles edward louis philip casimir stuart (31 december 1720  31 january 1788) commonly known as bonnie prince charlie or the young pretender was the jacobite claimant to the thrones of england, scotland, and ireland.
this problem could be solved by synchronizing the clocks in all localities, but then in many places the local time would differ too markedly from the solar time to which people are accustomed.	this problem could be solved by synchronizing the clocks in all localities, but then in many places the local time would differ markedly from the solar time to which people are accustomed.
after impressing the judges diana made it to the live show stages of the competition.	after impressing the judges she made it to the live show stages of the competition.
in the past, water supply pipes were often used as ground electrodes, but this was banned where plastic pipes are popular.	in the past, water supply pipes were often used as grounding electrodes, but this was banned where plastic pipes are popular.
the term failed state is used where the police and military no longer uphold security and order and society moves into civil war, anarchy or chaos.	the term failed state is used where the police and military no longer uphold security and order and society descends into civil war, anarchy or chaos.
in washington, moon found common ground with strongly anti-communist leaders of the 1980s who appreciated moon's opposition to the union of soviet socialist republics and other communist nations and his support of president richard nixon.	in washington, moon found common ground with strongly anti-communist leaders of the 1980s who supported moon's opposition to the union of soviet socialist republics and other communist nations and his support of president richard nixon.
from 1958-1961 bernardi co-starred with craig stevens in blake edwards' popular television series peter gunn.	from 1958-1961 bernardi co-starred with craig stevens in blake edwards' television series peter gunn.
kurtis macdermid (born march 25, 1994) is a beauty canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the ontario reign in the american hockey league (ahl) as a prospect to the los angeles kings of the national hockey league (nhl).	kurtis macdermid (born march 25, 1994) is a canadian professional ice hockey defenseman who is currently playing for the ontario reign in the american hockey league (ahl) as a prospect to the los angeles kings of the national hockey league (nhl).
mercer is also known for its great memorial day parade with the main street lined with 500 flags.	mercer is also known for its memorial day parade with the main street lined with 500 flags.
although the israeli authorities know (via an arab collaborator who was present that morning) the names of the arabs who murdered baruch goldstein, they were never brought to trial.	although the israeli authorities know (via an arab collaborator who was present that morning) the names of the arabs who killed baruch goldstein, they were never brought to trial.
lewis fought a brilliant tactical fight, keeping holyfield off balance with a long jab and peppering him with combinations almost at will.	lewis fought a tactical fight, keeping holyfield off balance with a long jab and peppering him with combinations almost at will.
the muqaddimah contains discussions on islamic theology which show that ibn khaldun was a follower of the ash'ari school of sunni islamic thought and a supporter of al-ghazali's orthodox religious views.	the muqaddimah contains discussions on islamic theology which show that ibn khaldun was a follower of the ash'ari school of sunni islamic thought and a supporter of al-ghazali's religious views.
the name is also associated with the notorious abu ghraib prison in the city which was the site of the torture and execution of political dissidents under saddam hussein, and the site of torture by members of the united states army reserve.	the name is also associated with the notorious abu ghraib prison in the city which was the site of the torture and execution of political dissidents under saddam hussein, and the site of prisoner abuse by members of the united states army reserve.
the communications security establishment is a separate canadian intelligence service .	the communications security establishment is a separate canadian intelligence agency .
the syriac orthodox church of antioch is the most ancient christian church in the world.	the syriac orthodox church of antioch claims the status as the most ancient christian church in the world.
on 4 april it was reported that azerbaijani forces allegedly decapitated yazidi-armenian soldier karam sloyan, and videos and pictures of his severed head were posted on social networks.	on 4 april it was reported that azerbaijani forces decapitated yazidi-armenian soldier karam sloyan, and videos and pictures of his severed head were posted on social networks.
intolerance towards muslim supporters of israel	reactions towards muslim supporters of israel
like many talented actors who were popular from their work in the star trek franchise, much of wheaton's career has been limited to trek-oriented appearances.	like many actors who were popular from their work in the star trek franchise, much of wheaton's career has been limited to trek-oriented appearances.
g. h. hardy is usually known by those outside the field of mathematics for his essay from 1940 on the aesthetics of mathematics, a mathematician's apology, which is often considered one of the best insights into the mind of a working mathematician written for the layman .	g. h. hardy is usually known by those outside the field of mathematics for his essay from 1940 on the aesthetics of mathematics, a mathematician's apology, which is often considered one of the best insights into the mind of a working mathematician written for the layperson .
tracey ullman, stage and television actress, comedienne , singer, dancer, screenwriter and author (meads)	tracey ullman, stage and television actress, comedian , singer, dancer, screenwriter and author (meads)
reviewers also discussed the comic's treatment of the issues of love, loss, and homosexual elements.	reviewers also discussed the comic's treatment of the issues of love, loss, and lesbian elements.
after the guitarist, singer and songwriter's untimely death on september 18, 1970, work began immediately to compile new material for release.	after the guitarist, singer and songwriter's death on september 18, 1970, work began immediately to compile new material for release.
hans kng (born march 19, 1928, in sursee, canton of lucerne) is a swiss catholic priest, theologian, and prolific author.	hans kng (born march 19, 1928, in sursee, canton of lucerne) is a swiss catholic priest, theologian, and author.
he has a growing cabinet of his own.	he has a cabinet of his own.
in addition to disgusting scatological behavior, the movie has several scenes that feature sexual images, violence, and drinking.	in addition to scatological behavior, the movie has several scenes that feature sexual images, violence, and drinking.
the story of islamic imperialism in india is a book that was published by polemicist sita ram goel in 1982. the second revised edition was published in 1994. isbn 81-85990-23-9	the story of islamic imperialism in india is a book that was published by sita ram goel in 1982. the second revised edition was published in 1994. isbn 81-85990-23-9
these included the main christian militia, the phalangists, but also etienne saqr's rabidly anti-palestinian guardians of the cedars.	these included the main christian militia, the phalangists, but also etienne saqr's anti-palestinian guardians of the cedars.
the village takes its name from the iron age hill fort of musbury castle on the hill above it, from which there are excellent views of the axe valley.	the village takes its name from the iron age hill fort of musbury castle on the hill above it, from which there are views of the axe valley.
suzanne rachel flore lenglen (24 may 1899 – 4 july, 1938) was a french tennis player who dominated the women's game from 1919 to 1926, winning 25 grand slam titles.	suzanne rachel flore lenglen (24 may 1899 – 4 july, 1938) was a french tennis player who showed strength in the women's game from 1919 to 1926, winning 25 grand slam titles.
shortly after its establishment, the publication received three awards from the prestigious society for news design (1997).	shortly after its establishment, the publication received three awards from the society for news design (1997).
unfortunately , frank disregards this habit for his wife for one ostentatiousness night out attending a ringside seat at a muhammad ali boxing match with several known mobsters in a gaudy fur coat and hat.	however , frank disregards this habit for his wife for one ostentatiousness night out attending a ringside seat at a muhammad ali boxing match with several known mobsters in a gaudy fur coat and hat.
the story formed the basis of the novel the positronic man (1993), co-written with robert silverberg, and the disappointing 1999 screen adaptation bicentennial man, which starred robin williams.	the story formed the basis of the novel the positronic man (1993), co-written with robert silverberg, and the 1999 screen adaptation bicentennial man, which starred robin williams.
he out-campaigned brian scroggins in the republican primary and faced democratic nominee ross miller, the son of former nevada governor bob miller in the general election.	he defeated brian scroggins in the republican primary and faced democratic nominee ross miller, the son of former nevada governor bob miller in the general election.
another good open source compiler with full analysis and optimization infrastructure is open64, which is used by many organizations for research and commercial purposes.	another open source compiler with full analysis and optimization infrastructure is open64, which is used by many organizations for research and commercial purposes.
's harry ransom humanities research center, famous for acquiring rare books, manuscripts, and other archival materials.	's harry ransom humanities research center, known for acquiring rare books, manuscripts, and other archival materials.
israeli-syrian dispute over syrian golan heights	israeli-syrian dispute over golan heights
finally india was free on 15 august 1947, virtually by non-violence against the british but with lots of bloodshed, rioting and violence among the fellow countrymen (and near-future neighbours) during the partition, which was quite shocking to the past revolutionaries and also to gandhi.	finally india was independent on 15 august 1947, virtually by non-violence against the british but with lots of bloodshed, rioting and violence among the fellow countrymen (and near-future neighbours) during the partition, which was quite shocking to the past revolutionaries and also to gandhi.
at different times, the novels portray or allude to murder, bestiality, female circumcision , cannibalism, racism, sexism, speciesism, abortion, masturbation, mutation, incest, inbreeding, constipation, assassination, gambling, drunkenness, brawling, diarrhoea, capitalism, leprosy, castration, slavery, evolution, patricide, regicide, venereal disease, forgery, treason, dwarf tossing, torture, orgies, incontinence, suicide, disembowelment, capital and corporal punishment, drug use, religious fraud, bribery, blackmail, animal cruelty, disfigurement, infanticide, the caste system, democratic revolutionary movements, rape, theft, genocide, transvestitism, premature ejaculation, prostitution, piracy, and polygamy.	at different times, the novels portray or allude to murder, bestiality, female genital cutting , cannibalism, racism, sexism, speciesism, abortion, masturbation, mutation, incest, inbreeding, constipation, assassination, gambling, drunkenness, brawling, diarrhoea, capitalism, leprosy, castration, slavery, evolution, patricide, regicide, venereal disease, forgery, treason, dwarf tossing, torture, orgies, incontinence, suicide, disembowelment, capital and corporal punishment, drug use, religious fraud, bribery, blackmail, animal cruelty, disfigurement, infanticide, the caste system, democratic revolutionary movements, rape, theft, genocide, transvestitism, premature ejaculation, prostitution, piracy, and polygamy.
keith olbermann (born january 27, 1959) is the best american news anchor, commentator and radio sportscaster.	keith olbermann (born january 27, 1959) is the american news anchor, commentator and radio sportscaster.
"one smaller pavilion still stands on the impressive boulevard towards the atomium: the restaurant ""salon 58"" in the pavilion of comptoir tuilier."	"one smaller pavilion still stands on the boulevard towards the atomium: the restaurant ""salon 58"" in the pavilion of comptoir tuilier."
leah totton, cosmetic doctor who gained notoriety as the winner of the 9th series of the bbc one television programme, the apprentice	leah totton, cosmetic doctor who gained fame as the winner of the 9th series of the bbc one television programme, the apprentice
the controversial southern poverty law center (splc) has labeled afdi/soia anti-muslim hate group.	the southern poverty law center (splc) has labeled afdi/soia anti-muslim hate group.
patricia ann jacobs frs fmedsci (born 1934) is a distinguished british geneticist, fellow of the royal society.	patricia ann jacobs frs fmedsci (born 1934) is a british geneticist, fellow of the royal society.
he died of tuberculosis in 1884, aged only 25. many well-wishers, including bruckner and mahler, attended rott's funeral at the zentralfriedhof in vienna.	he died of tuberculosis in 1884, aged 25. many well-wishers, including bruckner and mahler, attended rott's funeral at the zentralfriedhof in vienna.
they believe that jews dominate the federal government and control its fiat money, and refuse payment of taxes and debts for that reason; they file meritless legal documents proclaiming independence from the united states, or claiming liens against internal revenue service employees, judges, and other perceived enemies.	they believe that jews dominate the federal government and control its fiat money, and refuse payment of taxes and debts for that reason; they file legal documents proclaiming independence from the united states, or claiming liens against internal revenue service employees, judges, and other perceived enemies.
he built a temple to homer and composed a tragedy, to which his vile favourite agathocles added a commentary.	he built a temple to homer and composed a tragedy, to which his favourite agathocles added a commentary.
one by one, dot-coms ran out of capital and were acquired or liquidated; the domain names were picked up by old-economy competitors or domain name squatters .	one by one, dot-coms ran out of capital and were acquired or liquidated; the domain names were picked up by old-economy competitors or domain name investors .
blues great buddy guy played, among other guitars, a coral electric sitar in shows on his 2010 tour.	blues musician buddy guy played, among other guitars, a coral electric sitar in shows on his 2010 tour.
zhuozheng garden in suzhou, jiangsu province, one of the finest gardens in china.	zhuozheng garden in suzhou, jiangsu province, one of the largest gardens in china.
nikken abe (, abe nikken; december 19, 1922, in tokyo) was allegely the 67th high priest of nichiren shoshu, a major school of nichiren buddhism, and chief priest of its head temple taisekiji in fujinomiya, shizuoka, japan.	nikken abe (, abe nikken; december 19, 1922, in tokyo) was the 67th high priest of nichiren shoshu, a major school of nichiren buddhism, and chief priest of its head temple taisekiji in fujinomiya, shizuoka, japan.
accurately forecasting transport demand to 2026 presents sizeable problems, with predictions over much shorter periods proving disastrously incorrect.	accurately forecasting transport demand to 2026 presents sizeable problems, with predictions over much shorter periods proving incorrect.
alexander elliot anderson salmond (; born 31 december 1954) is a scottish statesman , who served as the fourth first minister of scotland from 2007 to 2014. he was the leader of the scottish national party (snp) for over twenty years, having served for two terms, firstly from 1990 to 2000 and subsequently from 2004 to 2014.	alexander elliot anderson salmond (; born 31 december 1954) is a scottish politician , who served as the fourth first minister of scotland from 2007 to 2014. he was the leader of the scottish national party (snp) for over twenty years, having served for two terms, firstly from 1990 to 2000 and subsequently from 2004 to 2014.
thomas anthony marino (born august 13, 1952) is a controversial republican politician and attorney.	thomas anthony marino (born august 13, 1952) is a republican politician and attorney.
"harrison based his campaign on his heroic military record and on the weak u.s. economy, caused by the panic of 1837. in a ploy to blame van buren for the depressed economy, the whigs nicknamed him ""van ruin""."	"harrison based his campaign on his military record and on the weak u.s. economy, caused by the panic of 1837. in a ploy to blame van buren for the depressed economy, the whigs nicknamed him ""van ruin""."
the current government's proposal for ukraine to join nato's membership action plan was met with great opposition.	the current government's proposal for ukraine to join nato's membership action plan was met with opposition.
hrh the prince of wales weds camilla parker bowles (both pictured), who is now known as the duchess of cornwall.	the prince of wales weds camilla parker bowles (both pictured), who is now known as the duchess of cornwall.
overwhelmingly support for al-mahra independence	support for al-mahra independence
when it was in effect, the law drew criticism from foreign brewers as a form of protectionism (a trade restriction) that allowed west germany to prohibit non-compliant imports, even superior beers from countries such as belgium and the united kingdom with their own long brewing traditions.	when it was in effect, the law drew criticism from foreign brewers as a form of protectionism (a trade restriction) that allowed west germany to prohibit non-compliant imports, even beers from countries such as belgium and the united kingdom with their own long brewing traditions.
"his name literally translates to ""great land master"", and he was originally the ruler of izumo province, until he was replaced by ninigi."	"his name literally translates to ""great land master"", and he is believed to be originally the ruler of izumo province, until he was replaced by ninigi."
the controversy was initially sparked from a campaign launched by anti-islam blogger pamela geller, co-founder of the group stop islamization of america.	the controversy was initially sparked from a campaign launched by blogger pamela geller, co-founder of the group stop islamization of america.
"not all plugs are included in the letter system; for example, there is no designation for the plug defined by the thai national standard tis116-2549, though some web sites incorrectly call this ""type o""."	"not all plugs are included in the letter system; for example, there is no designation for the plug defined by the thai national standard tis116-2549, though some web sites call this ""type o""."
taman peninsula was occupied by the nazis in 1942 and taken back by the red army in 1943. the story of the motion picture cross of iron revolves around conflicts that arise within the leadership of a wehrmacht regiment during the german retreat from the taman peninsula.	taman peninsula was occupied by the germans in 1942 and taken back by the red army in 1943. the story of the motion picture cross of iron revolves around conflicts that arise within the leadership of a wehrmacht regiment during the german retreat from the taman peninsula.
"he concludes that the inc's ""three basic doctrines are serious deviations from traditional christian faith"" and ""in large measure, negative... the iglesia has a deficient and confused christology."""	"he also states that the inc's ""three basic doctrines are serious deviations from traditional christian faith"" and ""in large measure, negative... the iglesia has a deficient and confused christology."""
"however, they did enjoy major success with the stunning ballad ""breakin' my heart (pretty brown eyes)""."	"however, they did enjoy major success with the ballad ""breakin' my heart (pretty brown eyes)""."
many of the company's products are seasonal or specific to the locality of the store.	some of the company's products are seasonal or specific to the locality of the store.
after starting the first nine games, koppen's 2005 season was derailed by a devastating shoulder injury suffered in a november 13 game against the miami dolphins.	after starting the first nine games, koppen's 2005 season was derailed by a shoulder injury suffered in a november 13 game against the miami dolphins.
under the reagan doctrine, the reagan administration began providing military support to anti-communist resistance movements in afghanistan, angola, nicaragua and elsewhere.	under the reagan doctrine, the reagan administration began providing military support to anti-communist armed movements in afghanistan, angola, nicaragua and elsewhere.
the manitoba progressive conservative party chose adrian schulz, a 25-year-old successful businessman who left high school at 14 to start his first computer business , the manitoba liberal party chose regan wolfrom, a community activist, and the green party of manitoba is running james beddome, who was selected as the party's new leader in 2008.	the manitoba progressive conservative party chose adrian schulz, a 25-year-old businessman who left high school at 14 to start his first computer business , the manitoba liberal party chose regan wolfrom, a community activist, and the green party of manitoba is running james beddome, who was selected as the party's new leader in 2008.
on the morning after the bitter end of the test match, procter, after listening to the testimony of matthew hayden, andrew symonds, ricky ponting and adam gilchrist as well as that of indians sachin tendulkar and harbhajan singh, declared that harbhajan would be banned for three test matches.	on the morning after the end of the test match, procter, after listening to the testimony of matthew hayden, andrew symonds, ricky ponting and adam gilchrist as well as that of indians sachin tendulkar and harbhajan singh, declared that harbhajan would be banned for three test matches.
carol burnett, comedienne and actress, was born and grew up in san antonio	carol burnett, comedian and actress, was born and grew up in san antonio
in 2012 the first christian free syrian army unit formed, yet it was reported that the assad government still had the reluctant support of the majority of the country's christians of various ethnicities and denominations.	in 2012 the first christian free syrian army unit formed, yet it was reported that the assad government still had the support of the majority of the country's christians of various ethnicities and denominations.
don black (born 28 july 1953) is an american extreme right-wing white nationalist.	don black (born 28 july 1953) is an american right-wing white nationalist.
crystal globe is the main award at the prestigious karlovy vary international film festival first given out in the city of karlovy vary of the czech republic, in 1948.	crystal globe is the main award at the karlovy vary international film festival first given out in the city of karlovy vary of the czech republic, in 1948.
in 1878, newly emancipated slaves purchased the land which colleges rest today on 55 beautiful acres.	in 1878, newly emancipated slaves purchased the land which colleges rest today on 55 acres.
contaminants are rife in street cannabis; low-quality hashish such as soap bar has a reputation for being full of contaminants (some psychoactive, some not) which serve to increase the bulk of the street product .	contaminants are found in street cannabis; low-quality hashish such as soap bar has a reputation for being full of contaminants (some psychoactive, some not) which serve to increase the bulk of the street product .
other web browsers copied this feature, such as mozilla firefox.	other web browsers implemented this feature, such as mozilla firefox.
the mst was formed in 1982 by the merger of two important (and previously enemy ) socialist groups, the maoist partido socialista revolucionario/psr (revolutionary socialist party) and the guevarist/marxist-leninist movimiento socialista popular (people's socialist movement).	the mst was formed in 1982 by the merger of two important (and previously rival ) socialist groups, the maoist partido socialista revolucionario/psr (revolutionary socialist party) and the guevarist/marxist-leninist movimiento socialista popular (people's socialist movement).
amelia osborne (ne darcy), marchioness of carmarthen and de jure 12th baroness darcy de knayth and 9th baroness conyers and 5th countess of mrtola (12 october 1754 – 27 january 1784) was a british peeress and a portuguese countess.	amelia osborne (ne darcy), marchioness of carmarthen and de jure 12th baroness darcy de knayth and 9th baroness conyers and 5th countess of mrtola (12 october 1754 – 27 january 1784) was a british peer and a portuguese countess.
crazy in love was a tremendous commercial success in the united states.	crazy in love was a commercial success in the united states.
the most common conspiracy was the targeting of women and children.	the most commonly claimed conspiracy was the targeting of women and children.
bristol has been used as a location for the channel 4 comedy drama teachers, bbc drama mistresses, smash-hit e4 teen drama skins and bbc3 comedy-drama series being human.	bristol has been used as a location for the channel 4 comedy drama teachers, bbc drama mistresses, e4 teen drama skins and bbc3 comedy-drama series being human.
little do they know their best friend can control the powers of the elephant, thus sending the two girls into a wacky world of role reversals.	little do they know their best friend can control the powers of the elephant, thus sending the two girls into a world of role reversals.
she is the first asian american woman and first chinese american to be appointed to the federal cabinet.	she is the first asian american woman and first taiwanese american to be appointed to the federal cabinet.
these representations, which have been historically and predominantly negative, often have adverse repercussions for arab americans and muslims in daily interactions and in current events.	these representations, which have been historically and predominantly negative, have adverse repercussions for arab americans and muslims in daily interactions and in current events.
the area's access to a supply of coal, iron ore and soft water facilitated the growth of bradford's manufacturing base, which, as textile manufacture grew, led to an explosion in population and was a stimulus to civic investment; bradford has fine victorian architecture including the grand italianate city hall.	the area's access to a supply of coal, iron ore and soft water facilitated the growth of bradford's manufacturing base, which, as textile manufacture grew, led to an explosion in population and was a stimulus to civic investment; bradford has a large amount of victorian architecture including the grand italianate city hall.
she is also niece of laraine newman american comedienne , actress, voice artist, writer, and original snl cast member.	she is also niece of laraine newman american comedian , actress, voice artist, writer, and original snl cast member.
ethan allen hitchcock (may 18, 1798 – august 5, 1870) was a career u.s. army officer and author who had important war department assignments in washington, d.c., during the american civil war, in which he served as a major general.	ethan allen hitchcock (may 18, 1798 – august 5, 1870) was a career u.s. army officer and author who had war department assignments in washington, d.c., during the american civil war, in which he served as a major general.
bernard, the mouse, is a fictional character in margery sharp's miss bianca stories, and a protagonist in disney's 1977 animated masterpiece film, the rescuers.	bernard, the mouse, is a fictional character in margery sharp's miss bianca stories, and a protagonist in disney's 1977 animated film, the rescuers.
stella tennant (born december 17, 1970) is a scottish supermodel .	stella tennant (born december 17, 1970) is a scottish model .
in 2007, the british tabloid newspaper the daily mail reported graham baldwin, a cult expert, stating that the former members and the families of members had told him that bkwsu has driven a wedge between husband and wife and that there were complaints that it encourages single women and widows to donate property and savings.	in 2007, the british newspaper the daily mail reported graham baldwin, a cult expert, stating that the former members and the families of members had told him that bkwsu has driven a wedge between husband and wife and that there were complaints that it encourages single women and widows to donate property and savings.
"a number of veteran groups have also come out in support of kirk along with his commanding officer who claimed ""mark was the best intelligence officer i ever worked with,"" while presenting kirk with the rufus taylor award and the navy and marine corps commendation medal."	"a number of veteran groups have also come out in support of kirk along with his commanding officer who declared ""mark was the best intelligence officer i ever worked with,"" while presenting kirk with the rufus taylor award and the navy and marine corps commendation medal."
towns of ayn abu jamaa, hawa'ij abu mus'ah, al-kharitah, hawysh al-shamiya, mazraa hajj hammoud, and saleh al-hamad were also liberated the same day in the opposite direction from deir ez-zor, albeit with less fierce resistance from isil.	towns of ayn abu jamaa, hawa'ij abu mus'ah, al-kharitah, hawysh al-shamiya, mazraa hajj hammoud, and saleh al-hamad were also captured the same day in the opposite direction from deir ez-zor, albeit with less fierce resistance from isil.
it was founded by the acclaimed neonatologist dr. r. kishore in 2007. its hospitals provide pregnancy care, infertility care, gynaecological care, neonatal care, newborn intensive care, paediatrics, high-risk pregnancy care and cryonine stem cell services.	it was founded by the neonatologist dr. r. kishore in 2007. its hospitals provide pregnancy care, infertility care, gynaecological care, neonatal care, newborn intensive care, paediatrics, high-risk pregnancy care and cryonine stem cell services.
"dom passantino wrote a mean review for stylus magazine, saying that ""songs like 'relax, take it easy' seem to be an attempt at simulating the effect that supertramp chloroforming you in your sleep would produce."""	"dom passantino wrote a more negative review for stylus magazine, saying that ""songs like 'relax, take it easy' seem to be an attempt at simulating the effect that supertramp chloroforming you in your sleep would produce."""
the american cruiser had done her job effectively though and the antonio lopez was stuck, stranded on the reefs, and could not be dislodged despite valiant spanish efforts to do so.	the american cruiser had done her job effectively though and the antonio lopez was stuck, stranded on the reefs, and could not be dislodged despite strenuous spanish efforts to do so.
system of a down wrote a good song on the album toxicity about charles manson called atwa.	system of a down wrote a song on the album toxicity about charles manson called atwa.
"his period as pope was during a brief respite from the period when the church had been ruled by the so-called ""pornocracy"" of theodora and marozia, roman noblewomen."	"his period as pope was during a brief interruption from the period when the church had been ruled by the so-called ""pornocracy"" of theodora and marozia, roman noblewomen."
a life-long republican, eisenhower became independent and voted for democrat john kerry in the 2004 presidential election, citing republican incumbent george w. bush's mismanagement of u.s. foreign policy.	a life-long republican, eisenhower became independent and voted for democrat john kerry in the 2004 presidential election, citing republican incumbent george w. bush's management of u.s. foreign policy.
meta analysis of several randomized clinical trials of antioxidants, including vitamin e, have not shown any benefit to vitamin e supplementation for preventing coronary heart disease .	meta analysis of several randomized clinical trials of antioxidants, including vitamin e, have not suggested any benefit to vitamin e supplementation for preventing coronary heart disease .
some of extreme's influences, queen and van halen (the latter of which gary cherone would eventually join and later leave), are easily apparent from their music's multi-part vocal harmonies and electric guitar tone and virtuoso techniques.	some of extreme's influences, queen and van halen (the latter of which gary cherone would eventually join and later leave), are easily apparent from their music's multi-part vocal harmonies and electric guitar tone and instrumental techniques.
the hi-fi murders were the brutal killings of three people during an armed robbery at a home audio store called the hi-fi shop in ogden, utah, on april 22, 1974. five people had been held hostage and tortured, but two survived with severe injuries.	the hi-fi murders were the killings of three people during an armed robbery at a home audio store called the hi-fi shop in ogden, utah, on april 22, 1974. five people had been held hostage and tortured, but two survived with severe injuries.
also, customers are able to make payments on the game and even pay it off before its release.	also, customers are able to make payments on the game and pay it off before its release.
in addition to the interesting architecture and archaeological remains on the site, there is also a magnificent collection of gothic paintings, with masterpieces by jaume huguet, llus borrass and jaume cirera, among others.	in addition to the interesting architecture and archaeological remains on the site, there is also a notable collection of gothic paintings, with masterpieces by jaume huguet, llus borrass and jaume cirera, among others.
russian military helicopters (including the famous mi-24 hind) began hovering overhead and a prolonged gun battle broke out, with more large explosions set off by the hostage-takers and commandos from the special forces blowing holes in walls to allow hostages to escape.	russian military helicopters (including the mi-24 hind) began hovering overhead and a prolonged gun battle broke out, with more large explosions set off by the hostage-takers and commandos from the special forces blowing holes in walls to allow hostages to escape.
the use of narcotics is a predominant theme that runs throughout all the volumes of this title.	the use of assorted psychoactve drugs is a predominant theme that runs throughout all the volumes of this title.
leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris incident	leader of the australian democrats, and the ferris assault
in 2001, lego faced legal action by mori activists from new zealand for trademarking mori words used in naming the bionicle product range.	in 2001, lego faced legal action by mori from new zealand for trademarking mori words used in naming the bionicle product range.
"the screen actors guild annually gives out awards for ""best male actor"" and ""best female actress ""."	"the screen actors guild annually gives out awards for ""best male actor"" and ""best female actor ""."
on march 8, 2009, the impeccable, while monitoring submarine activity 75 miles south of hainan, china, was harassed by several chinese naval ships.	on march 8, 2009, the impeccable, while monitoring submarine activity 75 miles south of hainan, china, was engaged by several chinese naval ships.
"a 2009 study found that ""exposure to lead at levels generally considered safe could result in adverse mental health outcomes."""	"a 2009 study concluded that ""exposure to lead at levels generally considered safe could result in adverse mental health outcomes."""
miksa feny (december 8, 1877 – april 4, 1972) was a hungarian writer and intellectual, served as a member of parliament (elected 1931) in the early 1930s, and was appointed minister of trade and commerce under the short-lived ( just 24 hours) government cabinet of prime minister jnos hadik in 1918.	miksa feny (december 8, 1877 – april 4, 1972) was a hungarian writer and intellectual, served as a member of parliament (elected 1931) in the early 1930s, and was appointed minister of trade and commerce under the short-lived (24 hours) government cabinet of prime minister jnos hadik in 1918.
anarchism, a left-wing political ideology.	anarchism, a political ideology.
they have been equipped with aircraft such as the famous f-104 starfighter, a-7, f-16, and currently fly c-130 aircraft.	they have been equipped with aircraft such as the f-104 starfighter, a-7, f-16, and currently fly c-130 aircraft.
off the field, the 2010 finals have been notable for introducing the hum of the vuvuzela, a long horn blown by fans throughout matches, into international public consciousness.	off the field, the 2010 finals have been notable for introducing the noise of the vuvuzela, a long horn blown by fans throughout matches, into international public consciousness.
political objectives of the protagonists	political objectives of the arabians
"he continued to manage sting (solo) through seven blockbuster albums and introduced sting to algerian rai singer, cheb mami, in 1999. their collaboration bloomed with ""desert rose"" whose worldwide success was attributed to miles' innovative corporate deal with jaguar."	"he continued to manage sting (solo) through seven albums and introduced sting to algerian rai singer, cheb mami, in 1999. their collaboration bloomed with ""desert rose"" whose worldwide success was attributed to miles' innovative corporate deal with jaguar."
howies - ethical clothing manufacturers based in cardiganshire.	howies - clothing manufacturers based in cardiganshire.
in the field of music, davis has amassed a number of outstanding credits.	in the field of music, davis has amassed a number of credits.
2004 saw the conclusion of operation web tryp, focusing on companies selling so-called research chemicals, legal psychedelic phenethylamines and tryptamines on the internet.	2004 saw the conclusion of operation web tryp, focusing on companies selling research chemicals, legal psychedelic phenethylamines and tryptamines on the internet.
he developed a remarkable collection of chinese drawings of animals and plants.	he developed a notable collection of chinese drawings of animals and plants.
gregory starred in the movie memoirs of an invisible man (1992), alongside chevy chase and daryl hannah, and a walk in the clouds, opposite keanu reeves and anthony quinn.	gregory appeared in the movie memoirs of an invisible man (1992), alongside chevy chase and daryl hannah, and a walk in the clouds, opposite keanu reeves and anthony quinn.
the dutch film submission, which rose to fame outside the netherlands after the murder of its director theo van gogh by muslim extremist mohammed bouyeri, critiqued this and similar verses of the quran by displaying them painted on the bodies of abused muslim women.	the dutch film submission, which rose to fame outside the netherlands after the assassination of its director theo van gogh by muslim extremist mohammed bouyeri, critiqued this and similar verses of the quran by displaying them painted on the bodies of abused muslim women.
the liberal democrats narrowly missed out on the seat with 32.4% of the vote, with the heavy defeat for labour's claire ward being highlighted by the fact that she came third in the poll with 26.7% of the vote.	the liberal democrats narrowly missed out on the seat with 32.4% of the vote, with the defeat for labour's claire ward being highlighted by the fact that she came third in the poll with 26.7% of the vote.
amitabha can be very difficult to tell apart from shakyamuni, as both possess all the attributes of a buddha but have no distinguishing marks.	amitabha can be very difficult to tell apart from shakyamuni, as both are portrayed as possessing all the attributes of a buddha but have no distinguishing marks.
sunari wala is a beautiful village located south east to depalpur tehsil, okara district in the lahore division of punjab, pakistan.	sunari wala is a village located south east to depalpur tehsil, okara district in the lahore division of punjab, pakistan.
on march 6, she made her singles return on raw, where she defeated maria, with a vicious ddt.	on march 6, she made her singles return on raw, where she defeated maria, with a ddt.
eagle forum is also the creator of conservapedia, a nascent wiki-based online encyclopedia founded in reaction to alleged liberal bias in wikipedia as well as 'anti-christianity' and 'anti-americanism' biases in wikipedia.	eagle forum is also the creator of conservapedia, a nascent wiki-based online encyclopedia founded in reaction to claimed liberal bias in wikipedia as well as 'anti-christianity' and 'anti-americanism' biases in wikipedia.
the bangladeshi freedom fighters even managed to temporarily capture airstrips at lalmonirhat and shalutikar.	the bangladeshi independence fighters even managed to temporarily capture airstrips at lalmonirhat and shalutikar.
ten german bombers is a patriotic children's song, originally sung by british schoolchildren during world war ii, and also the british military, but controversially adopted in recent years by english football fans at matches against germany.	ten german bombers is a children's song, originally sung by british schoolchildren during world war ii, and also the british military, but controversially adopted in recent years by english football fans at matches against germany.
their only son arne fahlstrm drowned tragically in the titanic disaster.	their only son arne fahlstrm drowned in the titanic disaster.
"disney ceo bob iger formally announced a ""star wars land"" expansion at the d23 expo in august 2015. the land, which will be duplicated at disneyland and be constructed at disney's hollywood studios at an unspecified date, will include two new attractions."	"disney ceo bob iger announced a ""star wars land"" expansion at the d23 expo in august 2015. the land, which will be duplicated at disneyland and be constructed at disney's hollywood studios at an unspecified date, will include two new attractions."
"somewhat confusingly, the compilation album also included four october 1929 recordings by the unrelated comedienne , eliza ""liza"" brown."	"somewhat confusingly, the compilation album also included four october 1929 recordings by the unrelated comedian , eliza ""liza"" brown."
15 year old elsye pahler's body was discovered near her home in arroyo grande, california, in march 1996. she had been brutally raped and murdered there eight months earlier by acquaintances jacob delashmutt, joseph fiorella and royce casey.	15 year old elsye pahler's body was discovered near her home in arroyo grande, california, in march 1996. she had been raped and murdered there eight months earlier by acquaintances jacob delashmutt, joseph fiorella and royce casey.
the iglesia ni cristo is registered as a business corporation,not as a religion in the bureau of commerce and industry (now securities and exchange commission) on july 27,1914.	the iglesia ni cristo is registered as a corporation,not as a religion in the bureau of commerce and industry (now securities and exchange commission) on july 27,1914.
a mechanical hackamore, sometimes called a hackamore bit and brockamore in western riding, or, in english riding, an english hackamore, is a type of bitless bridle for horses where the reins connect to shanks placed between a noseband and a curb chain.	a mechanical hackamore, sometimes called a hackamore bit and brockamore in western riding, or, in english riding, an english hackamore, is a type of bitless headgear for horses where the reins connect to shanks placed between a noseband and a curb chain.
the first red scare began during world war i in which the united states fought during 1917-1918. the communist revolution in russia and the ensuing russian civil war (19171923) inspired a widespread campaign of violence in the u.s. by various anti-government groups.	the first red scare began during world war i in which the united states fought during 1917-1918. the bolshevik revolution in russia and the ensuing russian civil war (19171923) inspired a widespread campaign of violence in the u.s. by various anti-government groups.
there were few direct trade contacts between romans and han chinese, as the rivalling parthians and kushans were each jealously protecting their lucrative role as trade intermediaries.	there were few direct trade contacts between romans and han chinese, as the rivalling parthians and kushans were each protecting their lucrative role as trade intermediaries.
following his brilliant success at chancellorsville in may 1863, lee led his army through the shenandoah valley for his second invasion of the north, hoping to reach as far as harrisburg, pennsylvania, or even philadelphia, and to influence northern politicians to give up their prosecution of the war.	following his success at chancellorsville in may 1863, lee led his army through the shenandoah valley for his second invasion of the north, hoping to reach as far as harrisburg, pennsylvania, or even philadelphia, and to influence northern politicians to give up their prosecution of the war.
cranks love to talk about their own beliefs, often in inappropriate social situations, but they tend to be very, very bad listeners, and often appear to be utterly disinterested in anyone else's experience or opinions.	cranks love to talk about their own beliefs, often in inappropriate social situations, but they tend to be very, very bad listeners, and often appear to be utterly uninterested in anyone else's experience or opinions.
vettaikaran (2009) is a succesfull tamil feature film directed by b. babusivan who with vettaikkaaran makes his debut as a film director.	vettaikaran (2009) is a tamil feature film directed by b. babusivan who with vettaikkaaran makes his debut as a film director.
rt hon kenneth harry clarke, qc, mp, (born 2 july 1940) is a prominent conservative party politician in the united kingdom.	rt hon kenneth harry clarke, qc, mp, (born 2 july 1940) is a conservative party politician in the united kingdom.
her debut album santogold was released to glowing reviews in 2008. her new album master of my make-believe is announced for spring 2012.	her debut album santogold was released to positive reviews in 2008. her new album master of my make-believe is announced for spring 2012.
(such as antivirus, host intrusion prevention, and vulnerability assessment) with network security enforcement.	(such as antivirus, host intrusion prevention, and vulnerability assessment) , user or system authentication and network security enforcement .
japanese photographic lens production dates only from 1931 with the konishiroku (konica) hexar 10.5 cm f/4.5 for the konishiroku tropical lily small plate camera.	japanese photographic lens production dates from 1931 with the konishiroku (konica) hexar 10.5 cm f/4.5 for the konishiroku tropical lily small plate camera.
the 2008 austrian documentary the vampire princess found evidence suggesting that eleonore was accused of being a vampire after her death.	the 2008 austrian documentary the vampire princess found evidence suggesting that eleonore was suspected of being a vampire after her death.
"peter ""pete"" seeger (may 3, 1919  january 27, 2014) was an american folk singer and left-wing activist."	"peter ""pete"" seeger (may 3, 1919  january 27, 2014) was an american folk singer and activist."
haes is widely promoted within the fat acceptance movement as an alternative to weight-loss dieting.	haes is promoted within the fat acceptance movement as an alternative to weight-loss dieting.
agostinelli is known for occasionally writing articles in the wall street journal and the washington times on various controversial political, economic and social issues.	agostinelli is known for occasionally writing articles in the wall street journal and the washington times on various political, economic and social issues.
originally cozy powell would be the drummer for this tour, however due to his tragic death on 5 april 1998, jonas ostman was hired to replace him.	originally cozy powell would be the drummer for this tour, however due to his death on 5 april 1998, jonas ostman was hired to replace him.
for example, if a someone who had problems with alcohol were to give up alcohol and then later start drinking again, this drinking would be considered a relapse.	for example, if a someone who had problems with alcohol were to give up alcohol and then later start drinking again, this drinking might be considered a relapse.
this meant he missed all but two matches in wycombe's marvellous run to the carling cup semi final.	this meant he missed all but two matches in wycombe's run to the carling cup semi final.
at the start of 1942, the weakened axis armies surrendered their march on moscow and advanced south towards the caucasus and volga river.	at the start of 1942, the weakened axis armies abandoned their march on moscow and advanced south towards the caucasus and volga river.
france entered into the war in 1778, and assisted in the victory of the american freedom fighters (realized in the treaty of paris (1783)), also affirming its status as a great modern power and satisfying its taste for revenge, but harming the countrys finances.	france entered into the war in 1778, and assisted in the victory of the american indpendantist fighters (realized in the treaty of paris (1783)), also affirming its status as a great modern power and satisfying its taste for revenge, but harming the countrys finances.
the field of lightning protection systems is an enormous industry worldwide due to the impacts lightning can have on the constructs and activities of man .	the field of lightning protection systems is an enormous industry worldwide due to the impacts lightning can have on the constructs and activities of humankind .
he emigrated to the united states in 1982 to pursue a career in film, and achieved breakout success with bloodsport (1988), based on a story written by frank dux.	he emigrated to the united states in 1982 to pursue a career in film, and achieved success with bloodsport (1988), based on a story written by frank dux.
the united states' stated casus belli for its 2003 invasion of iraq was saddam hussein's alleged non-compliance with the terms of cease-fire for the 1990-1991 gulf war.	the united states' stated casus belli for its 2003 invasion of iraq was saddam hussein's non-compliance with the terms of cease-fire for the 1990-1991 gulf war.
the exodus decoded is a controversial 2006 documentary created by jewish canadian filmmaker simcha jacobovici.	the exodus decoded is a 2006 documentary created by jewish canadian filmmaker simcha jacobovici.
the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a militant organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.	the kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kongra-gel, is a terrorist organization, dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.
a uniform resource identifier (uri), is a short string of characters used to identify or name a resource.	a uniform resource identifier (uri), is a compact string of characters used to identify or name a resource.
advancement is one of the methods used to achieve the aims of character development, citizenship training, and personal fitness.	advancement is one of the methods used to promote the aims of character development, citizenship training, and personal fitness.
she has used her daily mail columns and blog to criticise, among other issues, progressive teaching methods, islam and anti-semitism.	she has used her daily mail columns and blog to criticise, among other issues, progressive teaching methods, islamic terrorism and anti-semitism.
fringe hypotheses	non-mainstream hypotheses
for example, there is a complete lack of support for <abbr> which is part of the html 4.01 standard, and there are bugs in the implementation of float-margins for the css1 standard.	for example, there is a lack of support for <abbr> which is part of the html 4.01 standard, and there are bugs in the implementation of float-margins for the css1 standard.
szasz approached psychiatry's problems from a libertarian perspective, by arguing that any form of socialism would lead to more medicalization and the strengthening of psychiatry.	szasz opposed marxism, instead approaching what he saw as psychiatry's problems from a libertarian perspective, by arguing that any form of socialism would lead to more medicalization and the strengthening of psychiatry.
he held the position of master gunner st james's park until the 30 april 2017 when he was thankfully replaced.	he held the position of master gunner st james's park until the 30 april 2017 when he was replaced.
this mansion is beautifully crafted like other buildings of the wadiyar dynasty.	this mansion is crafted like other buildings of the wadiyar dynasty.
the relationship between abortion and mental health has been an area of great political controversy, but of little scientific controversy.	the relationship between abortion and mental health has been an area of political controversy, but of little scientific controversy.
in chemistry, a carbene is a neutral molecule containing a carbon atom with a valence of two and two unshared valence electrons.	in chemistry, a carbene is a molecule containing a carbon atom with a valence of two and two unshared valence electrons.
many great runners in the history of american football have been fullbacks, notably marion motley, jim brown, franco harris, mike alstott, larry csonka, john riggins and steve van buren.	many great runners in the history of american football have been fullbacks, including marion motley, jim brown, franco harris, mike alstott, larry csonka, john riggins and steve van buren.
this film poignantly shows the eternal struggle between the ambitions of a young man, apu, and the mother who loves him.	this film shows the eternal struggle between the ambitions of a young man, apu, and the mother who loves him.
haddad identifies the primary historical basis for this belief in a pair of similarly worded hadeeth, in which muhammed is reported to have told warriors returning home that they had returned from the lesser jihad of struggle against unbelievers to a greater jihad of struggle against lust.	haddad identifies the primary historical basis for this belief in a pair of similarly worded hadeeth, in which muhammed is reported to have told warriors returning home that they had returned from the lesser jihad of struggle against non-muslims to a greater jihad of struggle against lust.
hall subsequently had a successful legal career and ran unsuccessfully for the united australia party in the senate in 1937. he died in vaucluse.	hall subsequently had a legal career and ran unsuccessfully for the united australia party in the senate in 1937. he died in vaucluse.
the murders of paice and martin	the killings of paice and martin
san martino d'agri is a picturesque hill town and comune in the province of potenza, in the southern italian region of basilicata.	san martino d'agri is a hill town and comune in the province of potenza, in the southern italian region of basilicata.
he himself was accused of sexual misconduct.	bernardin himself was accused of sexual misconduct.
the shrine is devoted to the three munakata goddesses, who were children of amaterasu, the ancestor of the imperial family.	the shrine is devoted to the three munakata goddesses, who are believed to be children of amaterasu, the ancestor of the imperial family.
this list of official gnu packages lists notable software packages developed for or maintained by the free software foundation as part of the gnu project, a unix-like computer operating system composed entirely of free software.	this list of gnu packages lists notable software packages developed for or maintained by the free software foundation as part of the gnu project, a unix-like computer operating system composed entirely of free software.
the party is strangely member of the european liberal democrat and reform party.	the party is a member of the european liberal democrat and reform party.
fusion provides itil and systems integration solutions .	fusion provides itil and systems integration services .
julie anne mcgregor (born 26 november 1948) is an australian television actor and comedienne , noted for her roles in comedy.	julie anne mcgregor (born 26 november 1948) is an australian television actor and comedian , noted for her roles in comedy.
he decides to take woody with him and packs the other toys in a garbage bag, intending to store them in the attic, but andy's mother mistakenly puts the bag out on the curb as garbage.	he decides to take woody with him and packs the other toys in a garbage bag, intending to store them in the attic, but andy's mother mistakenly puts the bag out on the roadside as garbage.
sanskrit wikipedia is the sanskrit edition of wikipedia, a free and mostly publicly editable online encyclopedia.	sanskrit wikipedia is the sanskrit edition of wikipedia, a free and publicly editable online encyclopedia.
animals are shown searching for food and miraculously surviving in such an unforgiving habitat: african elephant s that walk up to 50 miles per day to find food; lions (hunting oryx); red kangaroos (which moisten their forelegs with saliva to keep cool); nocturnal fennec foxes, acrobatic flat lizards feeding on black flies, and duelling nubian ibex.	animals are shown searching for food and surviving in such an unforgiving habitat: african elephant s that walk up to 50 miles per day to find food; lions (hunting oryx); red kangaroos (which moisten their forelegs with saliva to keep cool); nocturnal fennec foxes, acrobatic flat lizards feeding on black flies, and duelling nubian ibex.
young-earth creationists, who believe that the earth was created by their god around 6,000 years ago, literally as described in creation according to genesis, within the approximate timeframe of the ussher-lightfoot calendar.	young-earth creationists, who believe that the earth was created by god around 6,000 years ago, literally as described in creation according to genesis, within the approximate timeframe of the ussher-lightfoot calendar.
he was instrumental in creating a truly scottish version of modernism and was a leading light in the scottish renaissance of the 20th century.	he was instrumental in creating a scottish version of modernism and was a leading light in the scottish renaissance of the 20th century.
the advertised battery life on most models is very different from the real-world achievable life.	the advertised battery life on most models is different from the real-world achievable life.
although named scotland's 22 man squad for switzerland, stupidly scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.	although named scotland's 22 man squad for switzerland, scotland decided to take only 13 of the 22 to the finals.
"she is the daughter of anna maria scicolone, sophia loren's younger sister, and romano mussolini, the third son of ""il duce"", fascist dictator benito mussolini."	"she is the daughter of anna maria scicolone, sophia loren's younger sister, and romano mussolini, the third son of ""il duce"", fascist leader benito mussolini."
some sources falsely assert that the qwerty layout was designed to slow down typing speed to further reduce jamming.	some sources assert that the qwerty layout was designed to slow down typing speed to further reduce jamming.
a regular marathon runner, krok died tragically from cancer of the leg in 2005.	a regular marathon runner, krok died from cancer of the leg in 2005.
family-sized blocks of quality chocolate, such as their unique 72% cocoa dark ghana dark chocolate	family-sized blocks of chocolate, such as their unique 72% cocoa dark ghana dark chocolate
problematically , the number of u.s. forces in the far east available to support this effort had been steadily decreasing since the end of world war ii, five years earlier.	however , the number of u.s. forces in the far east available to support this effort had been steadily decreasing since the end of world war ii, five years earlier.
in a joint statement, u.s. president george w. bush and french president jacques chirac condemned the killing and called for full implementation of un security council resolution 1559, which requires the withdrawal of syrian troops from lebanon and the disarming of the hezbollah terrorist group thriving in southern lebanon.	in a joint statement, u.s. president george w. bush and french president jacques chirac condemned the killing and called for full implementation of un security council resolution 1559, which requires the withdrawal of syrian troops from lebanon and the disarming of the hezbollah group thriving in southern lebanon.
a journalist from cnn is shot in the philippines, the 27th murder under the regime of benigno aquino iii.	a journalist from cnn is shot in the philippines, the 27th murder under the administration of benigno aquino iii.
during his student days he became disillusioned with the ossified new left of the 1970s and was drawn instead to situationism, egoist communism, and the anti-authoritarian analyses of john zerzan and the detroit magazine fifth estate.	during his student days he became disillusioned with the new left of the 1970s and was drawn instead to situationism, egoist communism, and the anti-authoritarian analyses of john zerzan and the detroit magazine fifth estate.
the first english player to score was david bentley with a spectacular free kick in the same game.	the first english player to score was david bentley with a free kick in the same game.
kosovo is a disputed state in the balkans.	kosovo is a disputed territory in the balkans.
disappointment followed at the 2002 fifa world cup, with totti failing to make a significant impact and then being sent off as italy lost to the south korea in the second round, when he controversially received a second yellow card for diving in the penalty area by referee byron moreno.	disappointment followed at the 2002 fifa world cup, with totti failing to make a significant impact and then being sent off as italy lost to the south korea in the second round, when he received a second yellow card for diving in the penalty area by referee byron moreno.
several of the windows at chartres include images of local tradesmen or labourers in the lowest two or three panels, often with fascinating details of their equipment and working methods.	several of the windows at chartres include images of local tradesmen or labourers in the lowest two or three panels, often with details of their equipment and working methods.
the exact number of german women and girls raped by soviet troops during the war and occupation is uncertain, but western historians allege their numbers are likely in the hundreds of thousands, and possibly as many as 2 million.	the exact number of german women and girls raped by soviet troops during the war and occupation is uncertain, but western historians estimate their numbers are likely in the hundreds of thousands, and possibly as many as 2 million.
unfortunately rising oil prices combined with inefficient 50-year-old engines proved too much for any potential buyer.	however, rising oil prices combined with inefficient 50-year-old engines proved too much for any potential buyer.
"in the 1980s, gamble was involved with the extreme right-wing world anti-communist league as head of its affiliate the ""canadian freedom foundation""."	"in the 1980s, gamble was involved with the right-wing world anti-communist league as head of its affiliate the ""canadian freedom foundation""."
although most cannibal films of this period were shot in the philippines or other exotic locales, d'amato filmed this opus in a forest just outside of rome.	although most cannibal films of this period were shot in the philippines or other tropical locales, d'amato filmed this opus in a forest just outside of rome.
"the film takes place in 1984, introducing the concept of a ""terminator"", specifically the titular character (arnold schwarzenegger), a seemingly unstoppable cyborg assassin who has been sent back from the year 2029 by a race of artificially intelligent computer-controlled machines bent on the extermination of mankind ."	"the film takes place in 1984, introducing the concept of a ""terminator"", specifically the titular character (arnold schwarzenegger), a seemingly unstoppable cyborg assassin who has been sent back from the year 2029 by a race of artificially intelligent computer-controlled machines bent on the extermination of the human race ."
born in ballymena, county antrim, nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of broughshane, before moving to coleraine, county derry .	born in ballymena, county antrim, nesbitt grew up in the nearby village of broughshane, before moving to coleraine, county londonderry .
the city is home to a number of important canadian composers including rodney sharman, jeffrey ryan, and alexina louie.	the city is home to a number of canadian composers including rodney sharman, jeffrey ryan, and alexina louie.
abortion is subject to ethical debate and not recommended as a birth control technique.	abortion is subject to ethical debate and not recommended as an ongoing birth control technique.
the novel's nail-biting climax leaves the question of reacher's survival open to reader speculation.	the novel's climax leaves the question of reacher's survival open to reader speculation.
the single continued the jams' strategy of plagiarising and juxtaposing popular musical works.	the single continued the jams' strategy of sampling and juxtaposing popular musical works.
since the green party entered government, there has been no change in government policy on these issues, which means eamon ryan now oversees the corrib gas project he once so vehemently opposed (the green party made an inquiry into the irregularities surrounding the project a precondition of government at their last annual conference , but changed their stance during post-election negotiations with fianna fil).	since the green party entered government, there has been no change in government policy on these issues, which means eamon ryan now oversees the corrib gas project he once so opposed (the green party made an inquiry into the irregularities surrounding the project a precondition of government at their last annual conference , but changed their stance during post-election negotiations with fianna fil).
"he skated a strong free skate to ""carmen"" and pulled up to finish in 2nd place overall; yagudin received the highest free skate marks under the 6.0 system in the history of olympic competition, and won the gold medal easily ."	"he skated a strong free skate to ""carmen"" and pulled up to finish in 2nd place overall; yagudin received the highest free skate marks under the 6.0 system in the history of olympic competition, and won the gold medal."
a teetotaller, a crusader for tribal welfare, champion of womens rights and able administrator and statesman .	a teetotaller, a crusader for tribal welfare, champion of womens rights and able administrator and politician .
roseanne barr gave a controversial performance of the anthem at a san diego padres baseball game at jack murphy stadium on july 25, 1990. the comedienne belted out a screechy rendition of the song, and afterward she attempted a gesture of ball players by spitting and grabbing her crotch as if adjusting a protective cup.	roseanne barr gave a controversial performance of the anthem at a san diego padres baseball game at jack murphy stadium on july 25, 1990. the comedian belted out a screechy rendition of the song, and afterward she attempted a gesture of ball players by spitting and grabbing her crotch as if adjusting a protective cup.
tyler is also well known for his original songs such as everything, the hardest thing, the rescue, paper heart and our story's told.	tyler is also known for his original songs such as everything, the hardest thing, the rescue, paper heart and our story's told.
lost boys: the tribe is a pointless sequel to the successful 1987 horror film, the lost boys; directed by p.j.	lost boys: the tribe is a sequel to the successful 1987 horror film, the lost boys; directed by p.j.
french hill (, hagiv'a hatzarfatit, , at-tel al-faransiya), also giv'at shapira is a neighborhood and illegal israeli settlement in northern east jerusalem.	french hill (, hagiv'a hatzarfatit, , at-tel al-faransiya), also giv'at shapira is a neighborhood and israeli settlement in northern east jerusalem.
corbell is best known for his immersive mixed media art exhibitions that combine art, fashion and film.	corbell is best known for his mixed media art exhibitions that combine art, fashion and film.
the east elevation juxtaposes the old and the new, linking them through the scale of the 1991 building and the sympathetic use of ragstone and welsh slate roof tiles.	the east elevation juxtaposes the old and the new, linking them through the scale of the 1991 building and the use of ragstone and welsh slate roof tiles.
according to a version of an afanc legend as put forth by the famous forger of myths and folklore iolo morganwg, its thrashings caused massive flooding which ultimately drowned all inhabitants of britain save for two people, dwyfan and dwyfach, from whom the later inhabitants of prydain descended.	according to a version of an afanc legend as put forth by the famous writer of myths and folklore iolo morganwg, its thrashings caused massive flooding which ultimately drowned all inhabitants of britain save for two people, dwyfan and dwyfach, from whom the later inhabitants of prydain descended.
the proper name jesus, referring to jesus of nazareth, the central character of the new testament, is attested in english from the 12th century (spelled iesus or ihesus), translating , from an aramaic yeshua or yehoshua.	the proper name jesus, referring to jesus of nazareth, the central figure of the new testament, is attested in english from the 12th century (spelled iesus or ihesus), translating , from an aramaic yeshua or yehoshua.
a gnu/ linux distribution is a member of the family of unix-like operating systems built on top of the linux kernel.	a linux distribution is a member of the family of unix-like operating systems built on top of the linux kernel.
greek '''''') is a town in palestine , located within the jericho governorate, near the jordan river.	greek '''''') is a town in the west bank , located within the jericho governorate, near the jordan river.
in 1996, congress passed the telecommunications act of 1996, which strictly regulated telecommunications services.	in 1996, congress passed the telecommunications act of 1996, which regulated telecommunications services.
"abortion - says, ""i will unflinchingly defend a woman's right to choose against those who would take away this right."	"reproductive choice - says, ""i will unflinchingly defend a woman's right to choose against those who would take away this right."
the city is pronounced by locals as ho-bert instead of ho-bart, which is how many people not from the area mistakenly pronounce it.	the city is pronounced by locals as ho-bert instead of ho-bart, which is how many people not from the area pronounce it.
christwire is a satirical website that publishes blog style articles that ironically highlight the excesses of christian conservatives.	christwire is a satirical website that publishes blog style articles that ironically highlight perceived excesses of christian conservatives.
the australian billionaire clive palmer is planning to make titanic ii, a replica of the famed rms titanic.	the australian billionaire clive palmer is planning to make titanic ii, a replica of the rms titanic.
jt leroy is the name of an american author who has also published under the name terminator and claims to have been born october 31, 1980 in west virginia.	jt leroy is the name used by an american author who has also published under the name terminator and claims to have been born october 31, 1980 in west virginia.
e-mail is a form still recommended by some prominent journalistic and technical style guides.	e-mail is a form recommended by some prominent journalistic and technical style guides.
much of dr. socarides' career was devoted to studying how homosexuality develops and how it might be healed .	much of dr. socarides' career was devoted to studying how homosexuality develops and how it might be altered .
susie essman, a resident of glenmont, is a comedienne and comic actress in television and films.	susie essman, a resident of glenmont, is a comedian and comic actress in television and films.
since may 2009, michelle has been a regular guest presenter stv's daily lifestyle show the hour, alongside main anchor stephen jardine.	since may 2009, mcmanus has been a regular guest presenter stv's daily lifestyle show the hour, alongside main anchor stephen jardine.
the other artifacts in the bungalow include exquisite ivory carvings, an edison concert phonogram, inlaid tables, screens, collection of keychains, matchboxes, stamps, coins and stuffed animals.	the other artifacts in the bungalow include intricate ivory carvings, an edison concert phonogram, inlaid tables, screens, collection of keychains, matchboxes, stamps, coins and stuffed animals.
rhinelander is one of wisconsins top vacation destinations, offering outstanding fishing, boating, canoeing, kayaking, atving, mountain biking and hiking, hunting, golfing, cross country skiing and snowshoeing, snowmobiling, and bird watching.	rhinelander is one of wisconsins top vacation destinations, offering fishing, boating, canoeing, kayaking, atving, mountain biking and hiking, hunting, golfing, cross country skiing and snowshoeing, snowmobiling, and bird watching.
for example, linalool and coumarin are both naturally occurring compounds that can be cheaply synthesized from terpenes.	for example, linalool and coumarin are both naturally occurring compounds that can be inexpensively synthesized from terpenes.
when the bantustan of venda became nominally self-governing in 1973, their population stood at 200,000. in 1996, there were 500,000 venda speakers.	when the bantustan of venda became self-governing in 1973, their population stood at 200,000. in 1996, there were 500,000 venda speakers.
floria v. lasky (april 24, 1923 – september 21 2007) was an influential american lawyer in the theater world, who represented some of the biggest names in american entertainment.	floria v. lasky (april 24, 1923 – september 21 2007) was an american lawyer in the theater world, who represented some of the biggest names in american entertainment.
this has had the result of limiting the overall level of genetic diversity in the human species, possibly by a large amount.	this would have had the result of limiting the overall level of genetic diversity in the human species, possibly by a large amount.
ironically, this forced the hand of a friend of caesar, marcus junius brutus, who then conspired with others to murder the great dictator and restore the republic.	ironically, this forced the hand of a friend of caesar, marcus junius brutus, who then conspired with others to murder the dictator and restore the republic.
finally he was murdered with an injection of carbolic acid.	finally he was killed with an injection of carbolic acid.
american cancer society critic and false cancer statistics	american cancer society critic and disputed cancer statistics
regional council of governments of connecticutthe dissolution of county governments in 1960 created a vacuum of power at the regional level, which created huge problems when it came to land use and infrastructure planning.	regional council of governments of connecticutthe dissolution of county governments in 1960 created a vacuum of power at the regional level, which created problems when it came to land use and infrastructure planning.
from the harder kulm top station , a five-minute walk takes one to the harder restaurant, a distinctive pagoda structure with spectacular views from its terrace, over the towns of interlaken and unterseen, the lakes of thun and brienz, the valley of the ltschine and the summits of the eiger, mnch and jungfrau.	from the harder kulm top station , a five-minute walk takes one to the harder restaurant, a distinctive pagoda structure with views from its terrace, over the towns of interlaken and unterseen, the lakes of thun and brienz, the valley of the ltschine and the summits of the eiger, mnch and jungfrau.
despite enormous differences in size, the various species of cat are amazingly similar in both structure and behavior.	despite enormous differences in size, the various species of cat are quite similar in both structure and behavior.
the film was released on 30 january 2009, supported by positive reviews from critics but failed miserably at the box office.	the film was released on 30 january 2009, supported by positive reviews from critics but failed to do well at the box office.
when in september 1999, the russian army invaded chechnya after the chechen incursion in dagestan and the moscow apartment block bombings, said was able to return to northern chechnya.	when in september 1999, the russian army entered chechnya after the chechen incursion in dagestan and the moscow apartment block bombings, said was able to return to northern chechnya.
these include rosemary's tragically failed lobotomy, the assassinations of brothers john and robert, the controversial chappaquiddick incident, and four airplane crashes (joe, jr., kathleen, ted and john, jr.; all but ted's were fatal).	these include rosemary's failed lobotomy, the assassinations of brothers john and robert, the controversial chappaquiddick incident, and four airplane crashes (joe, jr., kathleen, ted and john, jr.; all but ted's were fatal).
unlike other tram companies, whose trams were often rebuilt and made to last 30 to 40 years, sheffield corporation adopted a praiseworthy policy of replacement by new vehicles after a 25-year life.	unlike other tram companies, whose trams were often rebuilt and made to last 30 to 40 years, sheffield corporation adopted a policy of replacement by new vehicles after a 25-year life.
in a telephone conversation taped by authorities, jowers' main witness admitted that his story was false.	in a telephone conversation taped by authorities, jowers' main witness stated that his story was false.
before leaving for germany and on his arrival, rattle controversially attacked the british attitude to culture in general, and in particular the artists of the britart movement , together with the poor state funding of culture in the uk .	before leaving for germany and on his arrival, rattle controversially attacked the british attitude to culture in general, and in particular the artists of the britart movement , together with the state funding of culture in the uk .
after reading both hailey's study and newcomer's analysis, thomas phinney, a left-leaning typography expert employed by adobe, concurred with virtually all of newcomer's conclusions.	after reading both hailey's study and newcomer's analysis, thomas phinney, a typography expert employed by adobe, concurred with virtually all of newcomer's conclusions.
two days after the tragedy , goalkeeper nivaldo (who was removed from the flight shortly before the initial take off) also announced his retirement.	two days after the accident , goalkeeper nivaldo (who was removed from the flight shortly before the initial take off) also announced his retirement.
"the origin and the nature of the iffhs have been widely criticised due to the fact that the organization was not created by a committee of national bodies linked to football, thus its appellation as ""international federation"" has been considered misleading."	"the origin and the nature of the iffhs have been criticised due to the fact that the organization was not created by a committee of national bodies linked to football, thus its appellation as ""international federation"" has been considered misleading."
alleged factual inaccuracies	factual inaccuracies
the pectoral flippers (at the sides of the body) serve for steering; they contain bones clearly homologous to the forelimbs of land mammals (from which dolphins and all other cetaceans evolved some 50 million years ago).	the pectoral flippers (at the sides of the body) serve for steering; they contain bones homologous to the forelimbs of land mammals (from which dolphins and all other cetaceans evolved some 50 million years ago).
he remained terribly obese throughout his adult years and died from a heart attack in 1988.	he remained obese throughout his adult years and died from a heart attack in 1988.
"in the declining economic climate of the early 21st century the model came under fierce attack from particularly right-wing politicians and pim fortuyn with his self-promotional book entitled ""de puinhopen van 8 jaar paars"" (""the wreckage of eight years of purple"")."	"in the declining economic climate of the early 21st century the model came under fierce attack from particularly right-wing politicians and pim fortuyn with his book entitled ""de puinhopen van 8 jaar paars"" (""the wreckage of eight years of purple"")."
eligibility is based on numerous federal and state criteria including the no child left behind program, academic performance index (api), and adequate yearly progress (ayp).	eligibility is based on federal and state criteria including the no child left behind program, academic performance index (api), and adequate yearly progress (ayp).
a herem against members of neturei karta who attended the international conference to review the global vision of the holocaust was declared by numerous haredi religious leaders, including the leaders of the satmar and chabad hassidic sects .	a herem against members of neturei karta who attended the international conference to review the global vision of the holocaust was declared by numerous haredi religious leaders, including the leaders of the satmar and chabad hassidic groups .
jacques de bernonville (born december 20, 1897 - died april 26, 1972), was a french traitor and senior police officer in the vichy regime in france infamously known as the man who hunted down resistance fighters during world war ii.	jacques de bernonville (born december 20, 1897 - died april 26, 1972), was a french collaborationist and senior police officer in the vichy regime in france infamously known as the man who hunted down resistance fighters during world war ii.
a sizable cornice usually forms along the summit ridge in winter, the collapse of which has claimed the life of a number of unwary people who stood on it.	a sizable cornice usually forms along the summit ridge in winter, the collapse of which has claimed the life of a number of people who stood on it.
additionally, when the ship was to be rebuilt in the 1990s, naval historians who favored the theory that the ship traced its lineage to the 1797 original relied on the fact that some of the funds used to build the sloop were originally allocated to rebuild the frigate, the fact that some timbers from the broken-up frigate were used in the construction of the sloop, and that the frigate was never formally stricken from the naval vessel register a wooden, sailing man-of-war called constellation was continuously listed from 1797 to 1955. the amateur historian geoffrey m. footner supports the assertion that the ship was rebuilt in 1854 but rightfully traces its lineage to 1797.	additionally, when the ship was to be rebuilt in the 1990s, naval historians who favored the theory that the ship traced its lineage to the 1797 original relied on the fact that some of the funds used to build the sloop were originally allocated to rebuild the frigate, the fact that some timbers from the broken-up frigate were used in the construction of the sloop, and that the frigate was never formally stricken from the naval vessel register a wooden, sailing man-of-war called constellation was continuously listed from 1797 to 1955. the amateur historian geoffrey m. footner supports the assertion that the ship was rebuilt in 1854 but traces its lineage to 1797.
after wet winters, the park's floral displays are stunning .	after wet winters, the park's floral displays are notable .
one of southern california's most expensive neighborhoods, palos verdes estates' aesthetics and architecture are protected by an unfair art jury, a non-governmental organization which must approve any exterior alteration to any building, fence, sidewalk, or other structure.	one of southern california's most expensive neighborhoods, palos verdes estates' aesthetics and architecture are protected by an art jury, a non-governmental organization which must approve any exterior alteration to any building, fence, sidewalk, or other structure.
he was notable during the first world war for his homophobic conspiracy theories, and his strong antipathy towards the royal aircraft factory and its products.	he was notorious during the first world war for his homophobic conspiracy theories, and his strong antipathy towards the royal aircraft factory and its products.
named by espn in 2006 as the ninth greatest point guard of all time, nash has led the league in assists and free-throw percentage at various points in his career, although he has occasionally been criticised for his poor defence.	named by espn in 2006 as the ninth greatest point guard of all time, nash has led the league in assists and free-throw percentage at various points in his career, although he has occasionally been criticised for his defence.
<!-- this article may require editing to conform to the neutral point of view policy.	<!-- this article will require editing to conform to the neutral point of view policy.
cruella de vil is a fictional character and the iconic villain of dodie smith's 1956 novel the hundred and one dalmatians, disney's 1961 animated film adaptation one hundred and one dalmatians, and disney's live-action film adaptations 101 dalmatians and 102 dalmatians.	cruella de vil is a fictional character and the villain of dodie smith's 1956 novel the hundred and one dalmatians, disney's 1961 animated film adaptation one hundred and one dalmatians, and disney's live-action film adaptations 101 dalmatians and 102 dalmatians.
vicki lawrence, american comedienne and game show hostess	vicki lawrence, american comedian and game show hostess
award was gazetted) swales led the terror raid on pforzheim, germany (not far from karlsruhe and the rhine river).	award was gazetted) swales led the bombing raid on pforzheim, germany (not far from karlsruhe and the rhine river).
according to the holy qur'an (sura 9:29), dhimmis were to pay a special tax called jizya, to their islamic rulers, in exchange for protection and tolerance.	according to the qur'an (sura 9:29), dhimmis were to pay a special tax called jizya, to their islamic rulers, in exchange for protection and tolerance.
prayer is communication , commonly with a sequence of words, with a deity or spirit for the purpose of worshipping, requesting guidance, requesting assistance, confessing sins or to express one's thoughts and emotions.	prayer is the act of attempting to communicate , commonly with a sequence of words, with a deity or spirit for the purpose of worshipping, requesting guidance, requesting assistance, confessing sins or to express one's thoughts and emotions.
the issue was the subject of an editorial in the new york times on friday, september 14. details emerged revealing that uci had received criticism on the hire from california chief justice ronald m. george, who criticized chemerinsky's grasp of death penalty appeals, as well as a group of prominent orange county republicans and los angeles county supervisor michael d. antonovich, who wanted to derail the appointment.	the issue was the subject of an editorial in the new york times on friday, september 14. details emerged revealing that uci had received criticism on the hire from california chief justice ronald m. george, who criticized chemerinsky's grasp of death penalty appeals, as well as a group of prominent orange county republicans and los angeles county supervisor michael d. antonovich, who wanted to stop the appointment.
"for those who insist upon it the uk identity and passport service will include such purported titles on a british passport as an ""observation"" e.g."	"for those who insist upon it the uk identity and passport service will include such titles on a british passport as an ""observation"" e.g."
the mib, a top-secret agency that 'polices, monitors and directs alien activity on earth', has established the earth as an apolitical ' netural zone'.	the mib, a top-secret agency that 'polices, monitors and directs alien activity on earth', has established the earth as an apolitical ' neutral zone'.
david cullen bain (born 27 march 1972) is a new zealander who was wrongly convicted in may 1995 of the murders of his parents and siblings in dunedin on 20 june 1994. he spent over 13 years in prison before being acquitted on all charges after a retrial.	david cullen bain (born 27 march 1972) is a new zealander who was convicted in may 1995 of the murders of his parents and siblings in dunedin on 20 june 1994. he spent over 13 years in prison before being acquitted on all charges after a retrial.
adam falls in love with and marries an african girl named tashi, who undergoes the painful rituals of female circumcision and facial scarring.	adam falls in love with and marries an african girl named tashi, who undergoes the painful rituals of female genital cutting and facial scarring.
the daily currant is a competitor to the more broadly-focused onion.	the daily currant is a competitor to the more popular onion.
hammanah was the sister of zaynab bint jahsh, one of the islamic prophet muhammads wives.	hammanah was the sister of zaynab bint jahsh, one of the islamic lawmaker muhammads wives.
after their escape, the two tigers hilariously cause havoc to people in the area, such as: eating people's food on a bus, bathing in a woman's home, scaring a person next to a news stand, scaring people crossing a bridge, and eating meat in a butcher's truck.	after their escape, the two tigers cause havoc to people in the area, such as: eating people's food on a bus, bathing in a woman's home, scaring a person next to a news stand, scaring people crossing a bridge, and eating meat in a butcher's truck.
journey beyond three seas is a 1957 indian-soviet popular film, jointly directed by khwaja ahmad abbas and vasili pronin.	journey beyond three seas is a 1957 indian-soviet film, jointly directed by khwaja ahmad abbas and vasili pronin.
on april 19, 2008, at the thomas & mack center in las vegas, hopkins clearly lost the ring light heavyweight championship to joe calzaghe by split decision (116-111 and 115-112 for calzaghe; 114-113 for hopkins).	on april 19, 2008, at the thomas & mack center in las vegas, hopkins lost the ring light heavyweight championship to joe calzaghe by split decision (116-111 and 115-112 for calzaghe; 114-113 for hopkins).
"each territory has its basic law, and both in both basic laws there is an article stating that the territory is a ""local administrative region of the people's republic of china, which shall enjoy a high degree of autonomy and come directly under the central people's government."""	"each territory has its basic law, and in both basic laws there is an article stating that the territory is a ""local administrative region of the people's republic of china, which shall enjoy a high degree of autonomy and come directly under the central people's government."""
hegarty's mother rose appeared on the programme to tell of telephone calls to mcguinness and of hegarty's subsequent execution .	hegarty's mother rose appeared on the programme to tell of telephone calls to mcguinness and of hegarty's subsequent murder .
"videos of 230,000 volt 3-phase ""jacobs ladder"" and huge unintentional 500,000 volt power arc"	"videos of 230,000 volt 3-phase ""jacobs ladder"" and unintentional 500,000 volt power arc"
building india's greatest empire	building india's first empire
a strong critic of darwinian evolution and proponent for the teaching of creation science in schools, he has been a peripatetic advocate, touring throughout the united states and other countries, to deliver lectures and participate in public debates with supporters of biological evolution.	a critic of darwinian evolution and proponent for the teaching of creation science in schools, he has been a peripatetic advocate, touring throughout the united states and other countries, to deliver lectures and participate in public debates with supporters of biological evolution.
notable comics in which knight and colleen wing have starred include a storyline first printed in deadly hands of kung-fu #32-33 (january february 1977) and bizarre adventures #25 (march 1981) by writer chris claremont and penciller marshall rogers.	comics in which knight and colleen wing have starred include a storyline first printed in deadly hands of kung-fu #32-33 (january february 1977) and bizarre adventures #25 (march 1981) by writer chris claremont and penciller marshall rogers.
"the viewer, pat price, returned a series of crude drawings, including a building layout ""from above"", details of several of the buildings, and a drawing of what was interpreted to be a large gantry crane."	"the viewer, pat price, returned a series of drawings, including a building layout ""from above"", details of several of the buildings, and a drawing of what was interpreted to be a large gantry crane."
"palin described herself in an interview as a ""bible-believing"" christian; in a speech at wasilla assembly of god in june 2008, governor palin spoke in religious terms about the iraq war and the alaska-canada oil pipeline, leading some political critics to question whether her politics are influenced by pentacostal christianity."	"palin described herself in an interview as a ""bible-believing"" christian; in a speech at wasilla assembly of god in june 2008, governor palin spoke in religious terms about the iraq war and the alaska-canada oil pipeline, leading some critics to question whether her politics are influenced by pentacostal christianity."
imia in greek, or kardak in turkish is a set of two small uninhabited greek islets in the aegean sea, situated between the greek island chain of the dodecanese and the southwestern mainland coast of turkey.	imia in greek, or kardak in turkish is a set of two small uninhabited islets in the aegean sea, situated between the greek island chain of the dodecanese and the southwestern mainland coast of turkey.
dr. ludovic lazarus (ludwik lejzer) zamenhof (december 15, 1859–april 14, 1917) was polish ophthalmologist, philologist, and the initiator of esperanto, the most widely spoken planned language to date.	dr. ludovic lazarus (ludwik lejzer) zamenhof (december 15, 1859–april 14, 1917) was an ophthalmologist, philologist, and the initiator of esperanto, the most widely spoken planned language to date.
"in 2002, campus watch, an american website, described esposito ""as one of the foremost apologists for islamism in recent years."""	"in 2002, campus watch, a pro-israel, american website, described esposito ""as one of the foremost apologists for islamism in recent years."""
he began studying the life and works of the greatest modern persian writer, sadeq hedayat, as well as that of irans prime minister in the early 1950s, mohammad mosaddeq, while still a faculty member in the department of economics at the university of kent at canterbury.	he began studying the life and works of the modern persian writer, sadeq hedayat, as well as that of irans prime minister in the early 1950s, mohammad mosaddeq, while still a faculty member in the department of economics at the university of kent at canterbury.
"the four kingdoms of daniel are four kingdoms which, according to the book of daniel, will precede the ""end-time"" and the ""kingdom of god""."	"the four kingdoms of daniel are four kingdoms which, according to the book of daniel, precede the ""end-time"" and the ""kingdom of god""."
the mar thoma church (also known as the malankara mar thoma syrian church) is a schismatic branch of the pre-16th century undivided syrian orthodox church, and got its current identity in 1889, even though it was born much earlier.	the mar thoma church (also known as the malankara mar thoma syrian church) is a branch of the pre-16th century undivided syrian orthodox church, and got its current identity in 1889, even though it was born much earlier.
what occurred and has been occurring ever since is a process of language suicide whereby successive generations have adopted more and more features from english, a process that has accelerated rapidly since wide-spread access to mass media in english and increased population mobility became available after the second world war.	what occurred and has been occurring ever since is a process of language attrition whereby successive generations have adopted more and more features from english, a process that has accelerated rapidly since wide-spread access to mass media in english and increased population mobility became available after the second world war.
kiwix is the most used and is available to download for windows, macosx and gnu/ linux.	kiwix is the most used and is available to download for windows, macosx and linux.
joseph kosinski is an american film director known for his stunning computer graphics work.	joseph kosinski is an american film director known for his computer graphics work.
unfortunately construction has been cancelled due to lack of funds.	construction has been cancelled due to lack of funds.
robin duke, canadian actress and comedienne	robin duke, canadian actress and comedian
7 july 2005 london bombings, islamist- perpetrated attacks	7 july 2005 london bombings, islamist- enacted attacks
a radical pro- abortion activist kidnaps first lady mary morgan in exchange for funds to allow those wishing abortions to travel to sweden.	a radical pro- choice activist kidnaps first lady mary morgan in exchange for funds to allow those wishing abortions to travel to sweden.
the current leader of the swaminarayan gadi is acharya swamishree purushottampriyadasji.	the current leader of the swaminarayan gadi is acharya purushottampriyadasji.
indeed, rabbi simeon ben lakish of tiberias (230-270 ce), asserted that all the specific names for the angels were brought back by the jews from babylon, and some modern commentators would tend to agree.	indeed, rabbi simeon ben lakish of tiberias (230-270 ce), asserted that all the specific names for the angels were brought back by the jews from babylon, and modern commentators would tend to agree.
he was appointed as an ambassador to taiwan in 1960, to france in 1961, and to canada in 1965. from 1969 to 1971, he served as minister of transportation and launched the construction of the seoul metropolitan subway.	he was appointed as an ambassador to the republic of china in 1960, to france in 1961, and to canada in 1965. from 1969 to 1971, he served as minister of transportation and launched the construction of the seoul metropolitan subway.
a previously missing (and unknown) exquisite miniature ivory portrait bust of raja rammohun roy was unveiled at the annual commemoration of the death of the indian religious, social, and educational reformer, and humanitarian, at arnos vale cemetery in bristol, on 22 september 2013. rammohun roy challenged traditional hindu culture and indicated the lines of progress for indian society under british rule.	a previously missing (and unknown) miniature ivory portrait bust of raja rammohun roy was unveiled at the annual commemoration of the death of the indian religious, social, and educational reformer, and humanitarian, at arnos vale cemetery in bristol, on 22 september 2013. rammohun roy challenged traditional hindu culture and indicated the lines of progress for indian society under british rule.
in june 2014, state broadcaster china central television (cctv) broadcast a news story further propagandizing windows 8 as a threat to national security.	in june 2014, state broadcaster china central television (cctv) broadcast a news story further characterizing windows 8 as a threat to national security.
hrolf ganger, likely founder of normandy.	hrolf ganger, possibly founder of normandy.
while the oft-quoted misogynistic restrictions and verses were a part of paul's epistles in some form, schssler fiorenza insists that they existed to help ease tensions between the fledgling church and the surrounding culture, as well as ward off the perception of being a cult.	while the oft-quoted restrictions and verses were a part of paul's epistles in some form, schssler fiorenza insists that they existed to help ease tensions between the fledgling church and the surrounding culture, as well as ward off the perception of being a cult.
"baltzer has been attacked by organizations such as committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america, which condemned baltzer's ""baseless distortion"" of ""zionism as a racist movement""."	"baltzer has been criticized by organizations such as committee for accuracy in middle east reporting in america, which condemned baltzer's ""baseless distortion"" of ""zionism as a racist movement""."
in a february 10, 2001 speech at embry-riddle aeronautical university in daytona beach, florida, o'reilly falsely claimed that inside edition, a show he had previously anchored, had won a peabody award.	in a february 10, 2001 speech at embry-riddle aeronautical university in daytona beach, florida, o'reilly incorrectly claimed that inside edition, a show he had previously anchored, had won a peabody award.
helen atkinson-wood (born 14 march 1955) is an english actress and comedienne born in cheadle hulme, cheshire.	helen atkinson-wood (born 14 march 1955) is an english actress and comedian born in cheadle hulme, cheshire.
"vince gill performed a soothing cover version at ""an all-star tribute to brian wilson (2001)"" concert."	"vince gill performed a cover version at ""an all-star tribute to brian wilson (2001)"" concert."
however, it is phenomenally expensive and must be injected.	however, it is expensive and must be injected.
despite the hulk being one of the strongest characters in the ultimate universe, rogers was able to defeat banner in hand-to-hand combat, bringing the hulk down and out of the fight for only a moment.	despite the hulk being one of the strongest characters in the ultimate universe, rogers was able to defeat banner in hand-to-hand combat, bringing the hulk down and out of the fight for a moment.
he wrote about his sadhana and extraordinary meditation experiences, kundalini-related, in his autobiography published in 1978. in 1956, nityananda gave muktananda a small piece of land at gavdevi, near ganeshpuri, on which muktananda developed an ashram.	he wrote about his sadhana and meditation experiences, kundalini-related, in his autobiography published in 1978. in 1956, nityananda gave muktananda a small piece of land at gavdevi, near ganeshpuri, on which muktananda developed an ashram.
during e3 2009, microsoft presented project natal for the xbox 360, while sony presented their own motion controls, superior to that of nintendo's wii remote a day later.	during e3 2009, microsoft presented project natal for the xbox 360, while sony presented their own motion controls, similar to that of nintendo's wii remote a day later.
the ferry provides a service across the river between the northern bank near marble hill house and the southern bank near ham house, and serves to make a pleasant round trip from richmond.	the ferry provides a service across the river between the northern bank near marble hill house and the southern bank near ham house, and serves to make a round trip from richmond.
this practice was especially prevalent in mexico and canada because of a belief that such marriages were legal in those jurisdictions.	this practice was especially prevalent in mexico and canada because of an erroneous belief that such marriages were legal in those jurisdictions.
liberation of zmir/smyrna, may 1919	occupation of zmir/smyrna, may 1919
the jury is composed of tenmalejournalists , and the previous year's winner.	the jury is composed of ten journalists , and the previous year's winner.
alliant techsystems is a major us aerospace and defense contractor with sales of approximately usd $3.6 billion (fiscal year 2007) and strong positions in propulsion, composite structures, munitions, precision capabilities, and civil and sporting ammunition.	alliant techsystems is a us aerospace and defense contractor with sales of approximately usd $3.6 billion (fiscal year 2007) and strong positions in propulsion, composite structures, munitions, precision capabilities, and civil and sporting ammunition.
the purpose of the invasion was to neutralise the turkish forts that controlled the passage of the dardanelles straits.	the purpose of the invasion was to overtake the turkish forts that controlled the passage of the dardanelles straits.
while placing blame for douglas's defeat on nixon's tactics, which exploited voter anger at communists, scobie stated that the fragmentation of the california democratic party in 1950, the weakness of roosevelt at the head of the ticket, douglas's idealistic positions (to the left of many california democrats) and boddy's attacks all contributed to her defeat.	while placing blame for douglas's defeat on nixon's tactics, which utilized voter anger at communists, scobie stated that the fragmentation of the california democratic party in 1950, the weakness of roosevelt at the head of the ticket, douglas's idealistic positions (to the left of many california democrats) and boddy's attacks all contributed to her defeat.
john derek (august 12, 1926 may 22, 1998) was an american actor, director and photographer most famous for the gorgeous women to whom he was married.	john derek (august 12, 1926 may 22, 1998) was an american actor, director and photographer most famous for the women to whom he was married.
on 21 july 2011, teamp0ison released what appeared to be whitewashed court cases against sarah palin and barack obama, believed to have been taken from us government servers.	on 21 july 2011, teamp0ison released what appeared to be court cases against sarah palin and barack obama, believed to have been taken from us government servers.
the fictional author of the ghost, whose name is cleverly never revealed, is hired to replace him.	the fictional author of the ghost, whose name is never revealed, is hired to replace him.
first published in 1987, the book has received much attention for its powerful articulation of the paradoxes of history and identity after and counter to colonization.	first published in 1987, the book has received much attention for its articulation of the paradoxes of history and identity after and counter to colonization.
britishness is a controversial term referring to a sense of national identity and common culture of british people.	britishness is a term referring to a sense of national identity and common culture of british people.
sen cronin, 91, irish journalist and republican terrorist , irish republican army chief of staff (19571958, 19591960).	sen cronin, 91, irish journalist and republican, irish republican army chief of staff (19571958, 19591960).
"the decision to support creationism in public schools is considered a grave mistake by many academic institutions: : ""in science and creationism, the national academy of sciences states unequivocally that creationism has no place in any science curriculum at any level."""	"the decision to support creationism in public schools is considered a mistake by many academic institutions: : ""in science and creationism, the national academy of sciences states unequivocally that creationism has no place in any science curriculum at any level."""
the second cruise came shortly thereafter, when unrest in the german colony of kamerun necessitated the formation of a west african squadron to suppress it.	the second cruise came shortly thereafter, when unrest in the german colony of kamerun lead to the formation of a west african squadron to suppress it.
because of sensible eminent domain law in japan, several past residents of the site that would be roppongi hills have been given residential units in the complex in return for their agreement to vacate their prior homes, so that their prior homes would be demolished and the land used for the development of roppongi hills.	because of eminent domain law in japan, several past residents of the site that would be roppongi hills have been given residential units in the complex in return for their agreement to vacate their prior homes, so that their prior homes would be demolished and the land used for the development of roppongi hills.
capital punishment in norway was finally abolished in 1979. the penal code/the criminal law of 1902, in force from 1905, abolished capital punishment in peacetime.	capital punishment in norway was abolished in 1979. the penal code/the criminal law of 1902, in force from 1905, abolished capital punishment in peacetime.
points are granted to active users for adding, reviewing, and correcting places; as points accumulate, a user is allegedly granted additional powers.	points are granted to active users for adding, reviewing, and correcting places; as points accumulate, a user is granted additional powers.
st james, the lovely wooden church on the hill above the stone store, is the third built in the area, and second on this picturesque site overlooking the basin.	st james, the wooden church on the hill above the stone store, is the third built in the area, and second on this picturesque site overlooking the basin.
introduced on april 28, 2003, the store, which uses drm restrictions , has since been a dominant online music service and has proven the viability of online music sales.	introduced on april 28, 2003, the store, which uses drm, has since been a dominant online music service and has proven the viability of online music sales.
juan lpez de padilla (born 1490 in toledo, spain; died april 24, 1521 near villalar, spain) was an insurrectionary leader in the castilian war of the communities, where the people of castile made a futile stand against policies of the holy roman emperor charles v and his flemish ministers.	juan lpez de padilla (born 1490 in toledo, spain; died april 24, 1521 near villalar, spain) was an insurrectionary leader in the castilian war of the communities, where the people of castile made a stand against policies of the holy roman emperor charles v and his flemish ministers.
the ep in the reins, a collaboration with the arizona-based rock band calexico, was released in september 2005. beam wrote all of the ep's songs years earlier, but calexico added their trademark fusion of dusty southwestern rock, traditional mexican music and jazz to the songs' arrangements.	the ep in the reins, a collaboration with the arizona-based rock band calexico, was released in september 2005. beam wrote all of the ep's songs years earlier, but calexico added their trademark fusion of southwestern rock, traditional mexican music and jazz to the songs' arrangements.
in the early spring of 1755, a huge chinese army invaded dzungaria.	in the early spring of 1755, a huge chinese army started another war with dzungaria.
it represents the rural poor in a struggle against colombias wealthier fascist classes and opposes united states influence in colombia (particularly plan colombia).	it claims to represent the rural poor in a struggle against colombias wealthier fascist classes and opposes united states influence in colombia (particularly plan colombia).
bitchin' kitchen evolved from popular three-minute internet videos starring comedienne giosia as nadia g.	bitchin' kitchen evolved from popular three-minute internet videos starring comedian giosia as nadia g.
christian science asserts that man and the universe as a whole are spiritual rather than material in nature and that truth and good are real tangible things, whereas evil and error are unreal.	christian science asserts that humanity and the universe as a whole are spiritual rather than material in nature and that truth and good are real tangible things, whereas evil and error are unreal.
samira mohamed ali is a welsh actress, beauty queen, supermodel and television presenter.	samira mohamed ali is a welsh actress, beauty queen, model and television presenter.
the roe river, which runs between the missouri river and giant springs near great falls, montana, is the shortest river in the world .	the roe river, which runs between the missouri river and giant springs near great falls, montana, claims to be the shortest river in the world.
mscaras made his international wrestling debut in 1968 at the olympic auditorium in los angeles, getting involved in great rivalries against the likes of ernie ladd, john tolos, black gordman and goliath.	mscaras made his international wrestling debut in 1968 at the olympic auditorium in los angeles, getting involved in rivalries against the likes of ernie ladd, john tolos, black gordman and goliath.
famous men with walrus moustaches	famous people with walrus moustaches
other secondary sources, with extensive phonological changes and relatively limited attestation:	other secondary sources, of lesser value due to extensive phonological changes and relatively limited attestation:
on august 31, 2010 four settlersyitzhak and tali ames, kochava even haim and avishai schindlerwere shot dead by palestinian militants while driving a car near the settlement.	on august 31, 2010 four residents of beit hagaiyitzhak and tali ames, kochava even haim and avishai schindlerwere shot dead by palestinian militants while driving a car near the settlement.
how nuts are the dutch is an innovative online research platform that became established on 13 december 2013 in the netherlands.	how nuts are the dutch is an online research platform that became established on 13 december 2013 in the netherlands.
not fade away is the acclaimed 22nd and final episode of season 5, and the series finale of the television show angel.	not fade away is the 22nd and final episode of season 5, and the series finale of the television show angel.
however, once the details of the tragedy became apparent, the wwe quickly and quietly began distancing itself from the wrestler by removing merchandise and no longer mentioning him in any way, shape or form.	however, once the details of the events became apparent, the wwe quickly and quietly began distancing itself from the wrestler by removing merchandise and no longer mentioning him in any way, shape or form.
"during the 1953-54 recession, the cea, headed by arthur burns deployed non-traditional neo-keynesian interventions, which provided magical results later called the ""steady fifties"" wherein many families stayed in the economic ""middleclass"" with just one family wage-earner, a first in american history and yet rare today."	"during the 1953-54 recession, the cea, headed by arthur burns deployed non-traditional neo-keynesian interventions, which provided results later called the ""steady fifties"" wherein many families stayed in the economic ""middleclass"" with just one family wage-earner, a first in american history and yet rare today."
the social model of disability is a reaction to the dominant medical model of disability which in itself is a cartesian functional analysis of the body as machine to be fixed in order to conform with normative values.	the social model of disability is a reaction to the dominant medical model of disability which in itself is a functional analysis of the body as machine to be fixed in order to conform with normative values.
the official polish government report on war damages prepared in 1947 claimed 6,028,000 war victims during the german occupation (including 123,178 military deaths, 2.8 million poles and 3.2 million jews), out of a population of 27,007,000 ethnic poles and jews; this report excluded ethnic ukrainian and belarusian losses.	the official polish government report on war damages prepared in 1947 listed 6,028,000 war victims during the german occupation (including 123,178 military deaths, 2.8 million poles and 3.2 million jews), out of a population of 27,007,000 ethnic poles and jews; this report excluded ethnic ukrainian and belarusian losses.
in the current (114th) congress, kaine serves on the same three committees, plus the special committee on aging.	in the current (114th) congress, kaine is on the same three committees, plus the special committee on aging.
as the owner of the television shows, skelton stubbornly refused to allow them to be syndicated as reruns during his lifetime.	as the owner of the television shows, skelton steadfastly refused to allow them to be syndicated as reruns during his lifetime.
beginning about 1950 revisionist historians demonstrated that the progressive interpretation was factually incorrect, led by charles a. barker, philip crowl, richard p. mccormick, william pool, robert thomas, john munroe, robert e. and b. kathryn brown, and especially forrest mcdonald.	beginning about 1950 revisionist historians argued that the progressive interpretation was factually incorrect, led by charles a. barker, philip crowl, richard p. mccormick, william pool, robert thomas, john munroe, robert e. and b. kathryn brown, and especially forrest mcdonald.
warwick student kevin gately was tragically killed during the demonstrations and a public enquiry was conducted by lord scarman into the disorders at red lion square.	warwick student kevin gately was killed during the demonstrations and a public enquiry was conducted by lord scarman into the disorders at red lion square.
she, as well as monarchists, preferred to use the title queen susan of the albanians (in albanian, suzani zog, mbretresh i shqiptarvet)., however, her husband had been incorrectly proclaimed king of the albanians by the royalist albanian government in exile in 1961, more than 20 years after the 1939 italian takeover of the country and subsequent dissolution of the monarchy.	she, as well as monarchists, preferred to use the title queen susan of the albanians (in albanian, suzani zog, mbretresh i shqiptarvet)., however, her husband had been proclaimed king of the albanians by the royalist albanian government in exile in 1961, more than 20 years after the 1939 italian takeover of the country and subsequent dissolution of the monarchy.
according to christian scripture, jesus was resurrected from the dead on the third day after his crucifixion.	according to christian scripture, jesus was resurrected from the dead on the third day from his crucifixion.
the 20th century in seville saw the horrors of the spanish civil war, decisive cultural milestones such as the ibero-american exposition of 1929 and expo '92, and the city's election as the capital of the autonomous community of andalusia.	the 20th century in seville saw the tribulations of the spanish civil war, decisive cultural milestones such as the ibero-american exposition of 1929 and expo '92, and the city's election as the capital of the autonomous community of andalusia.
following this triumphant return, he reprised his role at the palace theatre, manchester over christmas 2004, and brought the production to the london palladium for christmas 2005.	following this return, he reprised his role at the palace theatre, manchester over christmas 2004, and brought the production to the london palladium for christmas 2005.
the hp prime has a novel feature called exam mode.	the hp prime has a feature called exam mode.
"the memorable music video, directed by joseph khan, features the wu tang clan arguing in their time machine, and in argument accidentally sending themselves back to ""2,000,000 bc,"" which bares strong resemblance to the representation of the stone age in the flinstones."	"the music video, directed by joseph khan, features the wu tang clan arguing in their time machine, and in argument accidentally sending themselves back to ""2,000,000 bc,"" which bares strong resemblance to the representation of the stone age in the flinstones."
"also in may, dave meltzer of the wrestling observer newsletter reported that destination america had decided to cancel impact by late september 2015. tna vehemently refuted the report, stating: ""these false statements constitute defamation and if necessary we will seek all legal remedies available to us."""	"also in may, dave meltzer of the wrestling observer newsletter reported that destination america had decided to cancel impact by late september 2015. tna vehemently denied the report, stating: ""these false statements constitute defamation and if necessary we will seek all legal remedies available to us."""
about 400 south asian workers were involved in the riot which lasted for around two hours.	about 400 south asian nationals were involved in the riot which lasted for around two hours.
kevin naff of the washington blade falsely claimed in an article from october 2005, that smith is gay.	kevin naff of the washington blade claimed in an article from october 2005, that smith is gay.
freedom house, inc. is an advocacy group and political science resource, focused primarily on international democracy.	freedom house, inc. is a mostly conservative advocacy group and political science resource, focused primarily on international democracy.
sadly the station closed a few years ago, but a campaign was mounted by fans of juliet bravo to save it from demolition, and turn it into a museum dedicated to the series juliet bravo.	the station closed a few years ago, but a campaign was mounted by fans of juliet bravo to save it from demolition, and turn it into a museum dedicated to the series juliet bravo.
the proposed constitution was drafted in 2005 by members of the interim iraqi government to replace the law of administration for the state of iraq for the transitional period, which had been put in force by the coalition provisional authority after the invasion and liberation of iraq by the united states and coalition forces.	the proposed constitution was drafted in 2005 by members of the interim iraqi government to replace the law of administration for the state of iraq for the transitional period, which had been put in force by the coalition provisional authority after the invasion and occupation of iraq by the united states and coalition forces.
camlachie is also home to great golf courses including sawmill creek golf and country club, and bonnie doon golf and country club.	camlachie is also home to several golf courses including sawmill creek golf and country club, and bonnie doon golf and country club.
jehovah's witnesses teach that the entire bible (following the protestant canon, hence excluding the deuterocanonical books) is the inspired word of god, and accurate in regard to history and prophecy, although they acknowledge that the bible also uses symbolism, parable, figures of speech, and poeticism.	jehovah's witnesses teach that the entire bible (following the protestant canon, hence excluding the deuterocanonical books) is the inspired word of god, and accurate in regard to history and prophecy, although they affirm that the bible also uses symbolism, parable, figures of speech, and poeticism.
southwest has had only three major incidents of note, one involving a passenger fatality that happened due to the passenger's deliberate actions, and one involving a ground fatality.	southwest has had three major incidents of note, one involving a passenger fatality that happened due to the passenger's deliberate actions, and one involving a ground fatality.
mujeeb-ur-rehman shami is a renown pakistani journalist and columnist .	mujeeb-ur-rehman shami is a pakistani journalist and columnist .
thousands mourned her passing at private and public meetings.	thousands mourned her death at private and public meetings.
the room is a 2003 drama film written and directed by its main actor, tommy wiseau, who is also credited on screen as both the movie's producer and executive producer.	the room is a 2003 black comedy film written and directed by its main actor, tommy wiseau, who is also credited on screen as both the movie's producer and executive producer.
having been accused of adultery with the pope the previous month, matilda was justifiably suspected of ordering her estranged husband's death.	having been accused of adultery with the pope the previous month, matilda was suspected of ordering her estranged husband's death.
after his passing , much of his performance equipment was sold off in a highly publicized internet auction.	after his death , much of his performance equipment was sold off in a highly publicized internet auction.
the 1870s and 1880s provided sales opportunity to the colt company via the advancement of european-american society ever further westward across the continent, and the demand for firearms that it engendered in various ways.	the 1870s and 1880s provided sales opportunity to the colt company via the spread of european-american society ever further westward across the continent, and the demand for firearms that it engendered in various ways.
by 2050 there will be decline share of global muslim population residing in asia and the pacific (53%), while (24%) of muslim population will in residing sub saharan africa, (20%) in the middle east and north africa, and (2%) in europe.	by 2050 there will be smaller share of global muslim population residing in asia and the pacific (53%), while (24%) of muslim population will in residing sub saharan africa, (20%) in the middle east and north africa, and (2%) in europe.
a marine corps communique initially reported that 15 civilians were killed by the bomb's blast and eight insurgents were subsequently killed when the marines returned fire against those attacking the convoy.	a marine corps communique initially reported that 15 civilians were killed by the bomb's blast and eight terrorists were subsequently killed when the marines returned fire against those attacking the convoy.
reg alcock and several others inside the liberal party had opposed the timing of the vote, and the dissapointing results prompted paul martin's supporters to organize against chrtien.	reg alcock and several others inside the liberal party had opposed the timing of the vote, and the poor results prompted paul martin's supporters to organize against chrtien.
from the observation deck, many fine homes are visible.	from the observation deck, many homes are visible.
unm law school is one of only 80 law schools nationwide to have a chapter of the prestigious order of the coif.	unm law school is one of only 80 law schools nationwide to have a chapter of the order of the coif.
luckovich attracted a great deal of backlash when the newspaper cartoonist drew a cartoon depicting michael jackson's death one day after his passing .	luckovich attracted a great deal of backlash when the newspaper cartoonist drew a cartoon depicting michael jackson's death one day after his death .
it is also noted that papa smurf is a representation of karl marx because of his similar looking beard.	it is also noted that papa smurf might be a representation of karl marx because of his similar looking beard.
the plot focuses on a brutal group of recently escaped replicants hiding in los angeles and the burnt-out expert blade runner, rick deckard (harrison ford), who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down.	the plot focuses on a desperate group of recently escaped replicants hiding in los angeles and the burnt-out expert blade runner, rick deckard (harrison ford), who reluctantly agrees to take on one more assignment to hunt them down.
in 2012, penndot accepted an adopt a highway sponsorship along much of i-376 in pittsburgh from a local strip club located in downtown pittsburgh, with signs about the sponsorship located throughout the penn-lincoln parkway.	in 2012, penndot accepted an adopt a highway sponsorship along much of i-376 in pittsburgh from a local gentleman's club located in downtown pittsburgh, with signs about the sponsorship located throughout the penn-lincoln parkway.
eden is generally ranked among the least successful british prime ministers of the 20th century, although two broadly sympathetic biographies (in 1986 and 2003) have gone some way to redressing the balance of opinion.	eden is generally ranked among the least successful british prime ministers of the 20th century, although two broadly sympathetic biographies (in 1986 and 2003) have gone some way to shifting the balance of opinion.
his political comments and views have attracted controversy .	his political comments and views have attracted disagreement and criticism .
following this performance by the pair, the attractive kyle sandilands described the duo as true comedian legends.	following this performance by the pair, the kyle sandilands described the duo as true comedian legends.
"he has claimed that the last surgery was ""botched"", leaving his eye mostly blind and giving him his distinctive drooping eyelid."	"he has claimed that the last surgery was ""botched"", leaving his eye mostly blind and giving him his trademark drooping eyelid."
the program often wraps up with a reflective essay, but on fridays it ends with a debate between two pundits .	the program often wraps up with a reflective essay, but on fridays it ends with a debate between two journalists .
"many changes were made to satisfy objections that conservative protestants had made about the controversial rsv, for example reverting from ""young woman"" to ""virgin"" in isaiah 7:14. the language was modernised, to remove ""thou"" and ""thee"" and replace obsolete words (for example ""jug"" for ""cruse"")."	"many changes were made to satisfy objections that conservative protestants had made about the rsv, for example reverting from ""young woman"" to ""virgin"" in isaiah 7:14. the language was modernised, to remove ""thou"" and ""thee"" and replace obsolete words (for example ""jug"" for ""cruse"")."
liv hewson (born 29 november 1995) is an australian actress and playwright.	liv hewson (born 29 november 1995) is an australian actor and playwright.
butt scored from a freekick during this game but also embarrassingly missed a penalty.	butt scored from a freekick during this game but also missed a penalty.
thus hinduism sometimes attempts to minimize the conflict between science and religion.	thus hinduism sometimes seeks to minimize the conflict between science and religion.
the surprising choice of the clearly irish surname should not be seen as anti-irish.	the choice of the clearly irish surname should not be seen as anti-irish.
the introduction of the new higher-bandwidth so-called high-resolution music formats is an attempt to address this concern of some audiophiles.	the introduction of the new higher-bandwidth high-resolution music formats is an attempt to address this concern of some audiophiles.
it is currently represented by assemblywoman matthew titone (d).	it is currently represented by assemblymember matthew titone (d).
the movie shot up to #1 on the imdb worst movies list, but has since changed to #15 with a 1.9/10 rating as of february 4, 2007. it also has a dismal 6% rating at rottentomatoes.com.	the movie shot up to #1 on the imdb worst movies list, but has since changed to #15 with a 1.9/10 rating as of february 4, 2007. it also has a 6% rating at rottentomatoes.com.
judge richard goldstone, who later became a controversial critic of israel, authoring the goldstone report, but later acknowledged that he was mistaken.	judge richard goldstone, who later became a controversial critic of israel, authoring the goldstone report, but later stated that he was mistaken.
for example, a scholarly follower of the great man theory would be likely to study the second world war by focusing on the big personalities of the conflict — sir winston churchill, adolf hitler, benito mussolini, franklin delano roosevelt, joseph stalin, hirohito , etc.	for example, a scholarly follower of the great man theory would be likely to study the second world war by focusing on the big personalities of the conflict — sir winston churchill, adolf hitler, benito mussolini, franklin delano roosevelt, joseph stalin, hideki tojo , etc.
shirley carter (previously wicks) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by linda henry.	shirley carter (previously wicks) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by linda henry.
"francine ""fran"" joy drescher (born september 30, 1957) is an american film and television actress, comedian, screenwriter, tv director, producer, author, activist and political lobbyist best known for playing fran fine on the popular television series the nanny."	"francine ""fran"" joy drescher (born september 30, 1957) is an american film and television actress, comedian, screenwriter, tv director, producer, author, activist and political lobbyist best known for playing fran fine on the television series the nanny."
this is a partial list of mayors that served the city of portland, oregon.	this is a partial list of mayors that have been employed by the city of portland, oregon.
theremin invented another ingenious listening device called the thing.	theremin invented another listening device called the thing.
for instance, l. ballentine explains :	for instance, l. ballentine states :
unlike a number of other countries rail travel in the united kingdom has enjoyed a startling renaissance in recent years with kilometres/miles travelled matching and surpassing the highs of the 1940s (see usage figures below).	unlike a number of other countries rail travel in the united kingdom has enjoyed a renaissance in recent years with kilometres/miles travelled matching and surpassing the highs of the 1940s (see usage figures below).
pamela geller (born 1958), also known while married as pamela oshry, is an anti- islamist american blogger, author, political activist, and commentator.	pamela geller (born 1958), also known while married as pamela oshry, is an anti- jihadist american blogger, author, political activist, and commentator.
although previously seen as having a negative connotation, 'dyke' has been reclaimed by many same-sex attracted wimmin to express their sexuality and sexual preference.	although previously seen as having a negative connotation, 'dyke' has been reclaimed by many same-sex attracted women to express their sexuality and sexual preference.
the israeli defense forces retaliated on december 29 with a night-time raid on lebanon's beirut airport, destroying 14 planes on the ground belonging to middle east airlines, trans mediterranean airways and lebanese international airways.	the israeli defense forces responded on december 29 with a night-time raid on lebanon's beirut airport, destroying 14 planes on the ground belonging to middle east airlines, trans mediterranean airways and lebanese international airways.
sheervideo is a fast lossless video codec created by bitjazz inc. to enable capture, editing, and playback of uncompressed video formats in real time without expensive hardware.	sheervideo is a lossless video codec created by bitjazz inc. to enable capture, editing, and playback of uncompressed video formats in real time without expensive hardware.
courson's wife cathy committed suicide.	courson's wife cathy died by suicide.
many scientists do not take hovind's work very seriously or agree with his interpretation of the facts.	the vast majority of scientists do not take hovind's work very seriously or agree with his interpretation of the facts.
"chotiner was instrumental in the dirty campaign against douglas, referred to by nixon as ""the pink lady"", whereby he alluded to her supposed communist sympathies."	"chotiner was instrumental in the campaign against douglas, referred to by nixon as ""the pink lady"", whereby he alluded to her supposed communist sympathies."
alleged similarities between dershowitz's and peters' references	the evidence for similarities between dershowitz's and peters' references
examples of chaotic neutral characters are, terra, janice soprano and howard hughes .	examples of chaotic neutral characters are, terra, janice soprano and howard hughes , queen amidala
strathfield is an affluent suburb in the inner west of sydney, australia.	strathfield is an suburb in the inner west of sydney, australia.
unfortunately this has resulted in rtl games going into administration and the games are no longer made.	this has resulted in rtl games going into administration and the games are no longer made.
in poor countries such as romania, kyrgyzstan, and many parts of the third world, horses, donkeys and mules are routinely used for transport and agriculture.	in less affluent countries such as romania, kyrgyzstan, and many parts of the third world, horses, donkeys and mules are routinely used for transport and agriculture.
uzeb had a blend of virtuoso playing and modern synthesized timbres, along with an emphasis on original compositions.	uzeb had a blend of skilled playing and modern synthesized timbres, along with an emphasis on original compositions.
"outlook has been famous for many of it's sensational stories like the ""kargil bungle"" and the ""match fixing controversy"" but many view its editorial tilt as being against the fanatical right like the rss , often highlighting opposing sections in negative light."	"outlook has been famous for many of it's sensational stories like the ""kargil bungle"" and the ""match fixing controversy"" but many view its editorial tilt as being against the right like the rss , often highlighting opposing sections in negative light."
in 1980, mondavi sold 35 acres from his notable to kalon vineyard in the oakville ava to the joint venture that would serve as the backbone for the blend.	in 1980, mondavi sold 35 acres from his to kalon vineyard in the oakville ava to the joint venture that would serve as the backbone for the blend.
to a rejoinder from the same pen, the magistracy and government of england vindicated, he wrote in answer the lord russel's innocency further defended, assailing his opponent with merited abuse and almost expressly naming him as sir bartholomew shower.	to a rejoinder from the same pen, the magistracy and government of england vindicated, he wrote in answer the lord russel's innocency further defended, assailing his opponent with abuse and almost expressly naming him as sir bartholomew shower.
although president grant achieved suppression of the kkk in much of the south through the force acts, new groups of democratic insurgents arose through the 1870s.	although president grant achieved suppression of the kkk in much of the south through the enforcement acts , new groups of democratic insurgents arose through the 1870s.
china was accused of cyber-attacks on india, germany, and the united states, although they denied knowledge of these attacks.	china was accused of cyber-attacks on india, germany, and the united states, although china denied knowledge of these attacks.
has made some progovernmental iranian azeri's angry for several times.the last time that a minister of azerbaijan republic called ethnic iranian azeri's with that title, that caused representative of ardabil province in the iranian parliament to protest.	has made some iranian azeri's angry for several times.the last time that a minister of azerbaijan republic called ethnic iranian azeri's with that title, that caused representative of ardabil province in the iranian parliament to protest.
melissa ivy rauch (born june 23, 1980) is an american actress and comedienne .	melissa ivy rauch (born june 23, 1980) is an american actress and comedian .
hurtling underneath the ring plane, pioneer 11 sent back amazing pictures of saturn's rings.	hurtling underneath the ring plane, pioneer 11 sent back pictures of saturn's rings.
uttarakhand is mainly known for its natural beauty of the himalayas, the bhabhar and the terai.	uttarakhand is known for its natural beauty of the himalayas, the bhabhar and the terai.
in addition to funding research into biomedical aspects of me, the charity produces high-quality reviews and reports, organises and presents research at professional meetings and conferences, and was instrumental in forming a cross party group on me at the scottish parliament.	in addition to funding research into biomedical aspects of me, the charity produces reviews and reports, organises and presents research at professional meetings and conferences, and was instrumental in forming a cross party group on me at the scottish parliament .
some, especially depth psychologists, also explore the unconscious mind.	some, especially depth psychologists, also consider the unconscious mind.
in her career, calshot has tendered some of the most famous ocean liners ever built, such as the rms caronia, the cunard queens rms queen elizabeth and rms queen mary, the ss united states, and the legendary white star line ship rms olympic.	in her career, calshot has tendered some of the most famous ocean liners ever built, such as the rms caronia, the cunard queens rms queen elizabeth and rms queen mary, the ss united states, and the white star line ship rms olympic.
the same study found that only 33% of knowledge workers felt text messaging was critical or very important to success and productivity at work.	the same study found that 33% of knowledge workers felt text messaging was critical or very important to success and productivity at work.
all individuals who would like to wear cosmetic lenses should have a contact lens examination with an optometrist prior to first use, and if used long-term, regular aftercare examinations, in order to avoid potentially blinding complications.	all individuals who would like to wear cosmetic lenses should have a contact lens examination with an eye doctor prior to first use, and if used long-term, regular aftercare examinations, in order to avoid potentially blinding complications.
on the other hand, a few newspapers, such as the german bild-zeitung and others throughout central europe are unashamedly tabloid in content, but use the physical broadsheet format.	on the other hand, a few newspapers, such as the german bild-zeitung and others throughout central europe are clearly tabloid in content, but use the physical broadsheet format.
certain cults have been accused of severely abusing children.	certain cults have been accused of abusing children.
comments on islam, arabs, islamofascism and terrorism	comments on islam, arabs, and terrorism
the industry gradually moved away from proprietary computers to the burgeoning dos platform, and then later in the decade to windows (with a few games also made for niche platforms like the macintosh).	the industry gradually moved away from proprietary computers to the burgeoning dos platform, and then later in the decade to windows (with a few games also made for other platforms like the macintosh).
lupu coci, known as vasile lupu (; 15951661) was the albanian voivode of moldavia between 1634 and 1653. lupu had secured the moldavian throne in 1634 after a series of complicated intrigues and managed to hold it for twenty years.	lupu coci, known as vasile lupu (; 15951661) was the voivode of moldavia between 1634 and 1653. lupu had secured the moldavian throne in 1634 after a series of complicated intrigues and managed to hold it for twenty years.
"outtakes from the propellor time recording sessions are available on tracks 2, 5, 6 and 12 of the inevitable 2010 hitchcock rarities compilation, ""trolley bus 2""."	"outtakes from the propellor time recording sessions are available on tracks 2, 5, 6 and 12 of the 2010 hitchcock rarities compilation, ""trolley bus 2""."
"intelligent design is the controvertial assertion that ""certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection."	"intelligent design is the assertion that ""certain features of the universe and of living things are best explained by an intelligent cause, not an undirected process such as natural selection."
they praised its sheer amount of content and fine-tuning of existing smash gameplay elements, although its online mode received criticism.	they praised its large amount of content and fine-tuning of existing smash gameplay elements, although its online mode received criticism.
from the late 19th century muker began to see an increasing number of visitors and holiday makers and today the village is a popular starting point for walks in the area, with a great number of breath-taking public footpaths in upper swaledale.	from the late 19th century muker began to see an increasing number of visitors and holiday makers and today the village is a popular starting point for walks in the area, with a great number of public footpaths in upper swaledale.
"joseph ""kaka"" baptista (1930) was an indian freedom activist from bombay (today known as mumbai), closely associated with the bal gangadhar tilak and the home rule movement."	"joseph ""kaka"" baptista (1930) was an indian politician and activist from bombay (today known as mumbai), closely associated with the bal gangadhar tilak and the home rule movement."
the covers of holdstock's books were produced by a variety of notable illustrators.	the covers of holdstock's books were produced by a variety of illustrators.
most groups aligned themselves with the empire .	most groups aligned themselves with the loyalists .
critics point to clear links between opus dei and right-wing organizations, particulary a letter from escriv to francisco franco, dictator of spain who was assisted by nazi germany into power.	critics point to links between opus dei and right-wing organizations, particulary a letter from escriv to francisco franco, dictator of spain who was assisted by nazi germany into power.
reed point marina features an onsite yacht broker, restaurant, full repairs, fuel dock and 24 hour security.	reed point marina has an onsite yacht broker, restaurant, full repairs, fuel dock and 24 hour security.
crenulate oakblue apporasa atkinsoni is a beautiful butterfly found in south asia that belongs to the blues or lycaenidae family.	crenulate oakblue apporasa atkinsoni is a butterfly found in south asia that belongs to the blues or lycaenidae family.
"clinton sparked a good deal of opposition from the very beginning of his presidency, leading hillary clinton to accurately complain that her husband was targeted by a ""vast right-wing conspiracy"", although others criticized him as well; it was edmund g. ""jerry"" brown jr. in 1992 (a democrat running against clinton for the democratic party's presidential nomination) who first brought allegations of potential ethical and legal lapses surrounding clinton ."	"clinton sparked a good deal of opposition from the very beginning of his presidency, leading hillary clinton to complain that her husband was targeted by a ""vast right-wing conspiracy"", although others criticized him as well; it was edmund g. ""jerry"" brown jr. in 1992 (a democrat running against clinton for the democratic party's presidential nomination) who first brought allegations of potential ethical and legal lapses surrounding clinton ."
the return of adam chandler and brooke english coincided with the remarkable revelation that david had somehow resurrected the beloved stuart chandler.	the return of adam chandler and brooke english coincided with the remarkable revelation that david had somehow resurrected the stuart chandler.
irenaeus and justin martyr actually acknowledged the existence of many parallels, complaining that the earlier religions had copied christian religion and practices, before jesus was even born, as some form of diabolically inspired pre-cognitive mockery.	irenaeus and justin martyr actually acknowledged the existence of parallels, complaining that the earlier religions had copied christian religion and practices, before jesus was even born, as some form of diabolically inspired pre-cognitive mockery.
azerbaijan is one of the birthplaces of the oil industry and its rich history is linked to the fortunes of the petroleum and it is poised to become an important oil and gas producer once again.	azerbaijan is one of the birthplaces of the oil industry and its history is linked to the fortunes of the petroleum and it is poised to become an important oil and gas producer once again.
investigation by texas child protective services found no problems with the cult .	investigation by texas child protective services found no problems with the group .
it is militantly rightwing in its stance on israeli defense and foreign policy issues (see for editorial statements exemplifying its stance), but its positions on issues of jewish concern in the united states are more nuanced and it has criticized both rightwing and leftwing manifestations of anti-semitism and racism with equal rhetorical fervor (see and for attacks on patrick buchanan and ramsey clark, respectively).	it is rightwing in its stance on israeli defense and foreign policy issues (see for editorial statements exemplifying its stance), but its positions on issues of jewish concern in the united states are more nuanced and it has criticized both rightwing and leftwing manifestations of anti-semitism and racism with equal rhetorical fervor (see and for attacks on patrick buchanan and ramsey clark, respectively).
critical left (, sc) was a communist and trotskyist political party in italy, affiliated to the usfi .	critical left (, sc) was a communist and trotskyist political party in italy, affiliated to the fourth international .
caldern was elected in the contested 2006 presidential elections.	caldern was elected in the 2006 presidential elections.
"monbiot asserts that climate change is the ""moral question of the 21st century"" and that there is little time for debate or objections to a raft of emergency actions he believes will stop climate change, including: setting targets on greenhouse emissions using the latest science; issuing every citizen with a 'personal carbon ration'; new building regulations with houses built to german passivhaus standards; banning incandescent lightbulbs, patio heaters, garden floodlights, and other inefficient technologies and wasteful applications; constructing large offshore wind farms, replacing the national gas grid with a hydrogen pipe network; a new national coach network to make journeys using public transport faster than using a car; all petrol stations to supply leasable electric car batteries with stations equipped with a crane service to replace depleted batteries; scrap road-building and road-widening programmes, redirecting their budgets to tackle climate change; reduce uk airport capacity by 90%; closing down all out-of-town superstores and replacing them with warehouses and a delivery system."	"monbiot has written that climate change is the ""moral question of the 21st century"" and that there is little time for debate or objections to a raft of emergency actions he believes will stop climate change, including: setting targets on greenhouse emissions using the latest science; issuing every citizen with a 'personal carbon ration'; new building regulations with houses built to german passivhaus standards; banning incandescent lightbulbs, patio heaters, garden floodlights, and other inefficient technologies and wasteful applications; constructing large offshore wind farms, replacing the national gas grid with a hydrogen pipe network; a new national coach network to make journeys using public transport faster than using a car; all petrol stations to supply leasable electric car batteries with stations equipped with a crane service to replace depleted batteries; scrap road-building and road-widening programmes, redirecting their budgets to tackle climate change; reduce uk airport capacity by 90%; closing down all out-of-town superstores and replacing them with warehouses and a delivery system."
many northerners (including lincoln) opposed slavery largely because they feared that black labor might spread to the north and threaten the position of free white laborers.	many northerners (including lincoln) opposed slavery also because they feared that black labor might spread to the north and threaten the position of free white laborers.
despite its dominance of the premier league in the 1990s, manchester united never managed to accomplish this pointless double, as they usually fielded their reserves in the league cup until 2005-2006. chelsea were the last side to achieve the league/league cup double in 2005.	despite its dominance of the premier league in the 1990s, manchester united never managed to accomplish this double, as they usually fielded their reserves in the league cup until 2005-2006. chelsea were the last side to achieve the league/league cup double in 2005.
the stated demands of bds are:	the stated goals of bds are:
born in sicily in 1883, ajello came to the united states in 1902.	born in sicily in 1883, ajello migrated to the united states in 1902.
2. to un-distort, simply apply the twirl filter with -x degrees setting.	2. to un-distort, apply the twirl filter with -x degrees setting.
the gospel according to john (greek ), commonly referred to as the gospel of john or simply john, is an anonymous account of the public ministry of jesus.	the gospel according to john (greek ), commonly referred to as the gospel of john or simply john, is an account of the public ministry of jesus.
the south african farm attacks refer to the fact that white south african farmers are murdered at a higher rate than the murder rate in the general population of south africa.	the south african farm attacks refer to the claim that white south african farmers are murdered at a higher rate than the murder rate in the general population of south africa.
shanna malcolm, (born 1986), jamaican-american actress, comedienne , writer, producer and youtube personality	shanna malcolm, (born 1986), jamaican-american actress, comedian , writer, producer and youtube personality
hubbard described an entire space opera cosmology, the essence of which was that the true self of an individual was an immortal, omniscient and omnipotent entity called a 'thetan'.	hubbard created an entire space opera cosmology, the essence of which was that the true self of an individual was an immortal, omniscient and omnipotent entity called a 'thetan'.
they further claim that in the sectors of the church where fidelity to the church's teachings is valued, there are a higher number of new vocations and a lower incidence of sexual abuse cases.	they further point out that in the sectors of the church where fidelity to the church's teachings is valued, there are a higher number of new vocations and a lower incidence of sexual abuse cases.
the christian forces plundered buda, and in the next few years, all of the former hungarian lands, except areas near timioara (temesvr), were taken from the turks.	the christian forces seized buda, and in the next few years, all of the former hungarian lands, except areas near timioara (temesvr), were taken from the turks.
netzer is also a leading proponent of expanding earth theory.	netzer is also a proponent of expanding earth theory.
my favorite martian was mauled by critics.	my favorite martian was panned by critics.
in 1901 he married henrietta dixon and transferred to the lister institute of preventive medicine where the work on the medium was completed with suggestions from the liverpool laboratory for the inclusion of phenol red and crystal violet.	in 1901 he married henrietta dixon and transferred to the lister institute of preventive medicine where the work on the medium was completed with suggestions from the liverpool laboratory for the inclusion of neutral red and crystal violet.
this type of frivolous lawsuit is part of a much larger problem in first amendment law; see strategic lawsuit against public participation.	this type of lawsuit is part of a much larger problem in first amendment law; see strategic lawsuit against public participation.
inchara was born in shimoga, a picturesque town in malenadu, the evergreen western ghats of karnataka, india.	inchara was born in shimoga, a town in malenadu, the evergreen western ghats of karnataka, india.
wadi bani kharus is famous for its rich heritage, and old history.	wadi bani kharus is famous for its rich heritage, and history.
celestine cruz gonzaga, better known by her screen name toni gonzaga, is a famous filipina actress, television host, and recording artist.	celestine cruz gonzaga, better known by her screen name toni gonzaga, is a filipina actress, television host, and recording artist.
garrett dutton iii (born october 3, 1972), better known as g. love, is the front man for the amazing band, g. love & special sauce.	garrett dutton iii (born october 3, 1972), better known as g. love, is the front man for the band, g. love & special sauce.
on 4 july 2007, lewis married actress helen mccrory.	on 4 july 2007, lewis married actor helen mccrory.
iraqi nationalism was an important aspect in the 1920 revolution against british occupation, and the 1958 revolution against the british-installed hashemite monarchy.	iraqi nationalism was an important aspect in the 1920 revolution against british occupation, and the 1958 revolution against the hashemite monarchy.
however , tillman's death became a national controversy after the pentagon disclosed to the tillman family over a year after his death, on may 28, 2005, that he died as a result of a friendly fire incident.	subsequently , tillman's death became a national controversy after the pentagon disclosed to the tillman family over a year after his death, on may 28, 2005, that he died as a result of a friendly fire incident.
alexandra has two children with bernard uzan.	vandernoot has two children with bernard uzan.
after the attacks on the world trade center in new york city on september 11, 2001, the concept resurfaced, with some writers noting that it was no longer applicable to contemporary events.	after the attacks on the world trade center in new york city on september 11, 2001, the concept resurfaced, with some writers asserting that it was no longer applicable to contemporary events.
"croghan's blunt journal entry records her passing , ""alequeapy, ye old quine is dead."""	"croghan's blunt journal entry records her death , ""alequeapy, ye old quine is dead."""
despite his scientific achievements, it's as an environmental activist that flannery has achieved notoriety .	despite his scientific achievements, it's as an environmental activist that flannery has achieved prominence .
however, his expensive campaign and slick image did not endear him to many delegates and he was unable to build upon his base support, being overtaken by eventual surprise winner joe clark on the second ballot.	however, his expensive campaign and slick image did not endear him to many delegates and he was unable to build upon his base support, being overtaken by eventual winner joe clark on the second ballot.
"moore recorded ""your home is in my heart"" with supergroup boyz ii men for the how stella got her groove back soundtrack."	"moore recorded ""your home is in my heart"" with boyz ii men for the how stella got her groove back soundtrack."
greater kashmir is an kashmiri english language newspaper printed daily from srinagar, the summer capital of the state of jammu and kashmir in india.	greater kashmir is an english language newspaper printed daily from srinagar, the summer capital of the state of jammu and kashmir in india.
a $58 million dollar direct factory outlet (dfo) shopping mall has opened at brisbane airport providing discount shopping within a kilometre of the terminals.	a $58 million dollar direct factory outlet (dfo) shopping mall has opened at brisbane airport providing shopping within a kilometre of the terminals.
bryn mawr college ( ; welsh: ) is a historical women's liberal arts college in bryn mawr, pennsylvania.	bryn mawr college ( ; welsh: ) is a women's liberal arts college in bryn mawr, pennsylvania.
dame sue john was later usurped by mr stephen davis, who has been the reigning headteacher of lampton school since that time.	dame sue john was later succeeded by mr stephen davis, who has been the reigning headteacher of lampton school since that time.
"in the speech (in arabic), gaddafi vowed to hunt down protesters ""inch by inch, house by house, home by home, alleyway by alleyway arabic: prounouced in libyan dialect as zenga zenga, person by person."""	"in the speech (in arabic), gaddafi vowed to hunt down rebel fighters ""inch by inch, house by house, home by home, alleyway by alleyway arabic: prounouced in libyan dialect as zenga zenga, person by person."""
holloway was a member of dizzy gillespie's final quintet until the passing of the great trumpeter.	holloway was a member of dizzy gillespie's final quintet until the passing of the trumpeter.
zero waste actually makes financial sense as well.	zero waste actually can sometimes make financial sense as well.
"he returned later in the year to outpoint floyd ""jumbo"" cummings, who had drawn with joe frazier in smokin' joe's last fight, and win the nabf title impressively with a first-round knockout of james ""quick"" tillis."	"he returned later in the year to outpoint floyd ""jumbo"" cummings, who had drawn with joe frazier in smokin' joe's last fight, and win the nabf title with a first-round knockout of james ""quick"" tillis."
the sensible atheist philosopher bertrand russell explained odium theologicum in the following way:	the atheist philosopher bertrand russell explained odium theologicum in the following way:
another interesting program attempted during world war ii was suggested by a swiss citizen living in santa fe, new mexico.	another program attempted during world war ii was suggested by a swiss citizen living in santa fe, new mexico.
as such, it focuses on education, sometimes to the detriment of entertainment.	as such, it focuses on education, arguably to the detriment of entertainment.
from the yellow peril to the model minority, asian americans have been the subject of numerous negative stereotypes, many that deal with sexuality, which racial theorists claim form the center of the asian fetish.	from the yellow peril to the model minority, asian americans have been the subject of numerous stereotypes, many that deal with sexuality, which racial theorists claim form the center of the asian fetish.
"it enjoys extremely hot summers often breaking 40c and it vies with nearby lytton for the title of ""canada's hot spot."""	"it often experiences extremely hot summers often breaking 40c and it vies with nearby lytton for the title of ""canada's hot spot."""
baker ditched her husband, and moved to los angeles to begin her adult film career.	baker left her husband, and moved to los angeles to begin her adult film career.
proponents of nfp claim it increases marital satisfaction and helps lower divorce rates.	proponents of nfp say it increases marital satisfaction and helps lower divorce rates.
at the time of the founding of the soviet union (the ussr) in 1922, most governments internationally regarded the soviet rgime as a pariah because of its advocacy of communism, and thus most states did not give it diplomatic recognition.	at the time of the founding of the soviet union (the ussr) in 1922, most governments internationally regarded the soviet government as a pariah because of its advocacy of communism, and thus most states did not give it diplomatic recognition.
other recent successfully appearances include lead roles in jennifer's body (2009), chloe (2010), dear john (2010), veronica mars, letters to juliet (2010), and red riding hood (2011).	other recent appearances include lead roles in jennifer's body (2009), chloe (2010), dear john (2010), veronica mars, letters to juliet (2010), and red riding hood (2011).
this came as a result of political and social distrust of the military, dwindling budgets which forced the military to induct fewer conscripts every year, the experience of the 1982 malvinas/ falklands war which proved the superiority of professional servicemen over conscripts and a series of conscription-related brutality scandals which came to a head with the murder of private omar carrasco at an army base in 1994, following a brutal disciplinary action.	this came as a result of political and social distrust of the military, dwindling budgets which forced the military to induct fewer conscripts every year, the experience of the 1982 falklands war which proved the superiority of professional servicemen over conscripts and a series of conscription-related brutality scandals which came to a head with the murder of private omar carrasco at an army base in 1994, following a brutal disciplinary action.
supporters of ansari, generally asserting that he is not guilty of sexual misconduct, charge his accuser with trivializing the the larger movement against forms of sexual abuse and writing a piece that is tantamount to revenge porn.	supporters of ansari, generally saying that he is not guilty of sexual misconduct, charge his accuser with trivializing the the larger movement against forms of sexual abuse and writing a piece that is tantamount to revenge porn.
"colbert, in character as an ultra-conservative blowhard , calls ""16th century hungarian leader nicholas zrinyi"" an ""asshole,"" using a graphic of his great-grandson."	"colbert, in character as an ultra-conservative pundit , calls ""16th century hungarian leader nicholas zrinyi"" an ""asshole,"" using a graphic of his great-grandson."
after minor modifications, including adoption of retractable undercarriage and deletion of the prototype's awkward flap-aileron interconnect, schreder marketed the hp-11a version as a kit.	after minor modifications, including adoption of retractable undercarriage and deletion of the prototype's flap-aileron interconnect, schreder marketed the hp-11a version as a kit.
the perfect example for this is hurricane hazel.	the example for this is hurricane hazel.
as a specific technical term, it appears to have been introduced in england following the tragic death of jane longhurst in 2003 caused by graham coutts who was obsessed with such depictions downloaded from web sites dedicated to such content.	as a specific technical term, it appears to have been introduced in england following the death of jane longhurst in 2003 caused by graham coutts who was obsessed with such depictions downloaded from web sites dedicated to such content.
the circumcision controversy refers to the views within early christianity on ritual male circumcision.	the circumcision controversy refers to the views within early christianity on religious male circumcision.
while multiple allotropic forms of ice do exist (they can be created under pressure), fortunately none have the properties described in this book, and none are stable at normal earth-surface pressures and temperatures above the ordinary melting point of ice.	while multiple allotropic forms of ice do exist (they can be created under pressure), none have the properties described in this book, and none are stable at normal earth-surface pressures and temperatures above the ordinary melting point of ice.
he writes for the grayzone project, a journalistic initiative founded and edited by journalist max blumenthal.	he writes for the grayzone project, a journalistic initiative founded and edited by anti-israel activist max blumenthal.
in the winter and spring of 1941, the soviet troops (nkvd) opened fire on many groups of locals trying to illegally cross the border into romania (for more, see: fntna alb massacre).	in the winter and spring of 1941, the soviet troops (nkvd) opened fire on many groups of locals trying to cross the border into romania (for more, see: fntna alb massacre).
during the 1530s he was stationed in london, where he was portrayed by hans holbein the younger in 1532. by 1535 he had returned to his home city, where he married christine krger, the daughter of a prestigious citizen.	during the 1530s he was stationed in london, where he was portrayed by hans holbein the younger in 1532. by 1535 he had returned to his home city, where he married christine krger, the daughter of a leading citizen.
the protocols were republished as fact in 1991 in milton william cooper's conspiracy diatribe behold a pale horse, though cooper himself holds the illuminati and not the jews at fault.	the protocols were republished as fact in 1991 in milton william cooper's conspiracy book behold a pale horse, though cooper himself holds the illuminati and not the jews at fault.
"in the wake of the anti-armenian violence in azerbaijan, kahkedjian organized the ""crusaders"" detachment and participated in the battles of martuni, hadrut, mardakert, lachin and kelbajar."	"in the wake of the interethnic violence in azerbaijan, kahkedjian organized the ""crusaders"" detachment and participated in the battles of martuni, hadrut, mardakert, lachin and kelbajar."
the chinese invaded northern vietnam and captured some of the bordering cities.	the chinese entered northern vietnam and captured some of the bordering cities.
"claiming ""serious harm"" to the united states economy and the exemption of ""80 percent of the world, including major population centers"" like china and india, from the treaty, george w. bush contends that the kyoto protocol is an unfair and ineffective means of addressing global climate change concerns."	"citing potential ""serious harm"" to the united states economy and the exemption of ""80 percent of the world, including major population centers"" like china and india, from the treaty, george w. bush contends that the kyoto protocol is an unfair and ineffective means of addressing global climate change concerns."
laurin mccracken (born 12 november 1942 in meridian, mississippi) is an award-winning american watercolor painter known for his photorealistic still lifes, florals, landscapes and other subjects.	laurin mccracken (born 12 november 1942 in meridian, mississippi) is an american watercolor painter known for his photorealistic still lifes, florals, landscapes and other subjects.
upon revisiting columbia prior to new year's eve 1999, he was found dead in a room of the sheraton hotel in columbia, sc after his firearm supposedly discharged accidentally.	upon revisiting columbia prior to new year's eve 1999, he was found dead in a room of the sheraton hotel in columbia, sc after his firearm reportedly discharged accidentally.
it was not only university buildings, but also local government buildings that were occupied: in birmingham and oxford, local council chambers were successfully occupied by demonstrators, whilst police blocked an attempt at occupation of the council building in york by protesters.	it was not only university buildings, but also local government buildings that were occupied: in birmingham and oxford, local council chambers were occupied by demonstrators, whilst police blocked an attempt at occupation of the council building in york by protesters.
alsop's buildings are usually distinguished by their vibrant use of bright colour and unusual forms.	alsop's buildings are usually distinguished by their use of bright colour and unusual forms.
it is a controversial decision in the ongoing gun control debate, as both sides claim that it supports their position.	it is a controversial decision in the ongoing gun politics debate, as both sides claim that it supports their position.
one of her greatest wishes was her plan to build a hospice for infants and children infected with hiv to give them a last home where they could live until their passing , inspired by the aid-project of british doctor cicely saunders.	one of her greatest wishes was her plan to build a hospice for infants and children infected with hiv to give them a last home where they could live until their death , inspired by the aid-project of british doctor cicely saunders.
however, the end of the cold war, the collapse of rhodesia's smith goverment and, most importantly, the transition taking place in south africa eventually deprived renamo of its financial supporters and arms suppliers.	however, the end of the cold war, the collapse of rhodesia's smith regime and, most importantly, the transition taking place in south africa eventually deprived renamo of its financial supporters and arms suppliers.
"nethaway compared libertarians to ""john wayne on steroids,"" claiming they were ""anti-government before anti-government was cool""."	"nethaway compared libertarians to ""john wayne on steroids,"" writing they were ""anti-government before anti-government was cool""."
the greatest source of criticism has involved cair's alleged ties to terrorist organizations.	the greatest source of criticism has involved cair's ties to terrorist organizations.
there are multiple online articles that seek to expose songs that have misogynistic undertones woven throughout them.	there are multiple online articles that seek to identify songs that have misogynistic undertones woven throughout them.
on the court he usually votes with the liberal wing, though not as consistently as his predecessor.	on the court he often votes with the liberal wing, though not as consistently as his predecessor.
love in action won this battle on october 27, 2006. tennessee conceded the right of love in action to continue to provide ministry to their clients without further unjust licensure requirements.	love in action won this battle on october 27, 2006. tennessee conceded the right of love in action to continue to provide ministry to their clients without further licensure requirements.
following the coup of october 6, 1976, samak became minister of the interior in the reactionary administration of tanin kraivixien, a palace-favoured anti-communist with a reputation for honesty.	following the coup of october 6, 1976, samak became minister of the interior in the administration of tanin kraivixien, a palace-favoured anti-communist with a reputation for honesty.
crisis within the cpgb	divisions within the cpgb
the arrival of such large numbers of police at less than 10 minutes notice indicated that police were on stand-by for the attack .	the arrival of such large numbers of police at less than 10 minutes notice indicated that police were on stand-by for the event .
aerotoxic syndrome is the name given to the alleged health ill effects (with symptoms including memory loss, depression and schizophrenia) caused by exposure to engine chemicals although uk industry-funded studies have not yet made a link between tcp and longterm health issues.	aerotoxic syndrome is the name given to the alleged health ill effects (with symptoms including memory loss, depression and schizophrenia) caused by exposure to engine chemicals although uk industry-funded studies have not made a link between tcp and longterm health issues.
she was the first wife of emperor xuan who was tragically murdered by poisoningby huo guang's wife xian , presumably at a young age.	she was the first wife of emperor xuan who was murdered by poisoningby huo guang's wife xian , presumably at a young age.
"furthermore , revere biographer james giblin disagreed with some of palin's remarks, characterizing her comment about warning the british as a ""blooper""."	"on the other hand , revere biographer james giblin disagreed with some of palin's remarks, characterizing her comment about warning the british as a ""blooper""."
flashpacking refers to an affluent backpacker.	flashpacking is a neologism used to refer to an affluent backpacker.
up to 59,018 executions are attributable to blobel, though during testimony he was alleged to have killed 10,000-15,000.	up to 59,018 killings are attributable to blobel, though during testimony he was alleged to have killed 10,000-15,000.
following this, fellow panel members ian hislop, danny baker and paul merton robustly criticised her views.	following this, fellow panel members ian hislop, danny baker and paul merton criticised her views.
abu was a freedom fighter for independence in uganda and africa, a strong parliamentarian and one who disliked injustice.	abu was a fighter for independence in uganda and africa, a strong parliamentarian and one who disliked injustice.
western wall: the tucson sessions is a grammy-nominated 1999 album by american singer/songwriter/producer linda ronstadt and singer/songwriter/guitarist emmylou harris.	western wall: the tucson sessions is a 1999 album by american singer/songwriter/producer linda ronstadt and singer/songwriter/guitarist emmylou harris.
"the lead singer ended the video by smarmily introducing himself as ""bon."	"the lead singer ended the video by introducing himself as ""bon."
nikki coghill has two daughters and lives happily in melbourne with her husband.	nikki coghill has two daughters and lives in melbourne with her husband.
the mausoleum of syed ibrahim mallick baya was initially a temple constructed by pala king gopala, the founder of odantapuri university, where thousands of brahmins were brutally killed by syed ibrahim mallick baya; the temple was then reshaped as mosque,and is presently located on the top of the hill known as hiranya parvata.	the mausoleum of syed ibrahim mallick baya was initially a temple constructed by pala king gopala, the founder of odantapuri university, where thousands of brahmins were killed by syed ibrahim mallick baya; the temple was then reshaped as mosque,and is presently located on the top of the hill known as hiranya parvata.
michell is best known for his books on the subjects of pseudoscientific metrology and fortean phenomena.	michell is best known for his books on the subjects of metrology and fortean phenomena.
pressurized a more powerful version, but bleah heavier and more difficult to make.	pressurized a more powerful version, but heavier and more difficult to make.
amazing niagara falls in the state of new york	niagara falls in the state of new york
abu musab al-zarqawi (possibly born on october 20, 1966) is a shadowy jordanian national who is wanted as an international terrorist.	abu musab al-zarqawi (possibly born on october 20, 1966) is a jordanian national who is wanted as an international terrorist.
"renown podcast critic wil williams commended the program's ability to ""shift pacing for each story and genre"" and remarked on its "" incredible knack for completely changing each episode while also maintaining its identity."""	"podcast critic wil williams commended the program's ability to ""shift pacing for each story and genre"" and remarked on its "" incredible knack for completely changing each episode while also maintaining its identity."""
david worked for the conservative research department between 1988 and 1992, spending two days a week in downing street on the prime minister's question time briefing team.	cameron worked for the conservative research department between 1988 and 1992, spending two days a week in downing street on the prime minister's question time briefing team.
rabbi einhorn and rabbi michael heilprin, concerned that raphall's position would be seen as the official policy of american judaism, vigorously refuted his arguments, and argued that slavery - as practiced in the south - was immoral and not endorsed by judaism.	rabbi einhorn and rabbi michael heilprin, concerned that raphall's position would be seen as the official policy of american judaism, vigorously disputed his arguments, and argued that slavery - as practiced in the south - was immoral and not endorsed by judaism.
certain projects he has undertaken have been funded by popular television and video game franchises for promotion, including a spring-loaded hidden blade and grappling hook from the assassin's creed franchise, and a bunker underneath his back garden to promote sky1's television series you, me and the apocalypse.	certain projects he has undertaken have been funded by television and video game franchises for promotion, including a spring-loaded hidden blade and grappling hook from the assassin's creed franchise, and a bunker underneath his back garden to promote sky1's television series you, me and the apocalypse.
historian thomas woods astutely elaborates on the divergence in the conservative movement, and the ascent of the neoconservatives, and their distinguishing features from more traditional conservatives:	historian thomas woods elaborates on the divergence in the conservative movement, and the ascent of the neoconservatives, and their distinguishing features from more traditional conservatives:
after a lot of time and money spent within the cult , she had finally reached a level of ot v as recently as september 2007, as evidenced by a letter she wrote to fellow parishoners, seen at this link:	after a lot of time and money spent within the church , she had finally reached a level of ot v as recently as september 2007, as evidenced by a letter she wrote to fellow parishoners, seen at this link:
solo success (2009-present)	solo career (2009-present)
chairman of the council of economic advisers	chairperson of the council of economic advisers
lexington centre (often spelled center since the 1980s), often simply called the centre by locals, is both the geographic and retail heart of lexington, massachusetts on massachusetts avenue.	lexington centre (often spelled center since the 1980s), often simply called the centre by locals, is both the geographic and retail center of lexington, massachusetts on massachusetts avenue.
a 15 megawatt tidal plant sits at annapolis, ns , and uses the daily tides of the bay of fundy.	a 15 megawatt tidal plant sits at annapolis, nova scotia , and uses the daily tides of the bay of fundy.
wang mang's usurpation and civil war	wang mang's throne seizure and civil war
8 august: russian involvement	8 august: russian aggression
thomas baptist morello or tom morello (born may 30, 1964) is an african-american virtuoso guitarist.	thomas baptist morello or tom morello (born may 30, 1964) is an african-american guitarist.
although christ's body had been laid out in the tomb after crucifixion and death, the tomb is found to be empty, the body gone, and a young man or angel(s) within the tomb tells the women that christ has risen.	although christ's body is said to have been been laid out in the tomb after crucifixion and death, the tomb is found to be empty, the body gone, and a young man or angel(s) within the tomb tells the women that christ has risen.
unesco (united nations educational, scientific and cultural organization) is a specialized agency of the united nations established in 1945. its purpose is to contribute to peace and security by promoting international collaboration through education, science, and culture in order to further universal respect for justice, the rule of law, and the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the un charter .	unesco (united nations educational, scientific and cultural organization) is a specialized agency of the united nations established in 1945. it's stated purpose is to contribute to peace and security by promoting international collaboration through education, science, and culture in order to further universal respect for justice, the rule of law, and the human rights and fundamental freedoms proclaimed in the un charter .
she is a former member of the popular south korean girl group wonder girls, which debuted under jyp entertainment in 2007.	she is a former member of the south korean girl group wonder girls, which debuted under jyp entertainment in 2007.
in 1521, he mounted an expedition against hassan-bey, the hostile ruler of shaki in azerbaijan, took the city and had hassan executed.	in 1521, he mounted an expedition against hassan-bey, the ruler of shaki in azerbaijan, took the city and had hassan executed.
after his death it was discovered that he had quietly donated millions of his personal fortune to aid underprivileged children.	after his death it was discovered that he had quietly donated millions of his personal fortune to aid poor children.
nonetheless, better access to higher education and jobs along with free abortion, contraception and generous family policies made east german women generally more emancipated with respect to their sex life.	nonetheless, better access to higher education and jobs along with free abortion, contraception and generous family policies made east german women generally more promiscuous with respect to their sex life.
those that graduate are truly top-tier students.	those that graduate are considered top-tier students.
he also has a fabulous penalty-taking record; out of a total of 58 taken, he has only ever missed three.	he also has a penalty-taking record; out of a total of 58 taken, he has only ever missed three.
"interestingly in mainland china, there is a legal party called the revolutionary committee of the kuomintang that is officially one of the nine ""consultative parties,"" according to the chinese people's political consultative conference."	"interestingly in mainland china, there is a legal party called the revolutionary committee of the kuomintang that is officially one of the nine ""consultative parties,"" according to the prc people's political consultative conference."
not only was his mark made with no tailwind, indicating the quality of his performance, but amazingly he appeared to slow down and celebrate near the finish line after realizing he had secured the gold medal.	not only was his mark made with no tailwind, indicating the quality of his performance, but he appeared to slow down and celebrate near the finish line after realizing he had secured the gold medal.
this ensures that the process for developing fsc policies and standards are:	this shall ensure that the process for developing fsc policies and standards are:
colin friels (born 25 september 1952) is a distinguished scottish-born australian actor.	colin friels (born 25 september 1952) is a scottish-born australian actor.
england had made a determination of only 58 cases, ruling that 27 detainees should be transferred to the custody of their home countries, and that 31 should be retained in guantanamo.	england had made a determination of 58 cases, ruling that 27 detainees should be transferred to the custody of their home countries, and that 31 should be retained in guantanamo.
lloyd goodrich (july 10, 1897march 27, 1987) was an influential american art historian.	lloyd goodrich (july 10, 1897march 27, 1987) was an american art historian.
kim coles (born january 11, 1962) is an american actress and comedienne , best known for her role as a cast member on the sketch comedy, in living color, and as synclaire james on the fox series, living single.	kim coles (born january 11, 1962) is an american actress and comedian , best known for her role as a cast member on the sketch comedy, in living color, and as synclaire james on the fox series, living single.
signposts in gagauzia are mostly in romanian , and the names of squares and streets have not changed since the time of the soviet union.	signposts in gagauzia are mostly in moldovan , and the names of squares and streets have not changed since the time of the soviet union.
there were many reports of electors being prevented from voting as polling stations closed at 10:00 pm, mainly from insufficient time or electoral staff, but also from a lack of ballot papers.	there were reports of electors being prevented from voting as polling stations closed at 10:00 pm, mainly from insufficient time or electoral staff, but also from a lack of ballot papers.
the premiere of katie outdelivered by significant margins the debut telecasts of the steve harvey show, the jeff probst show and the ricki lake show.	the premiere of katie outnumbered by significant margins the debut telecasts of the steve harvey show, the jeff probst show and the ricki lake show.
as forensic anthropologists, biomedical researchers, and other scholars continued to revisit and refine the concept, they argued that racial categories could be practical in scientific contexts.	as forensic anthropologists, biomedical researchers, and other scholars continued to revisit and refine the concept, some argued that racial categories could be practical in scientific contexts.
nonna viktorovna mordyukova (november 25, 1925 - july 6, 2008) was a great russian actress and people's artist of the ussr (1974).	nonna viktorovna mordyukova (november 25, 1925 - july 6, 2008) was a russian actress and people's artist of the ussr (1974).
an intelligence explosion is the expected outcome of the hypothetically forthcoming technological singularity, that is, the result of man building artificial general intelligence (agi).	an intelligence explosion is the expected outcome of the hypothetically forthcoming technological singularity, that is, the result of humanity building artificial general intelligence (agi).
"he was best known as a member of the fabled ""murderers' row"" of the new york yankees championship teams of the 1920s."	"he was best known as a member of the ""murderers' row"" of the new york yankees championship teams of the 1920s."
had the sir wilfred lawson drifted 200 yards further south all would have been lost but thankfully the on board crew and gear were saved.	had the sir wilfred lawson drifted 200 yards further south all would have been lost but the on board crew and gear were saved.
each crewman of apollo 11 had made a spaceflight before this mission, making it only the second all-veteran crew (the other being apollo 10) in manned spaceflight history.	each crewman of apollo 11 had made a spaceflight before this mission, making it only the second all-veteran crew (the other being apollo 10) in human spaceflight history.
early in the general campaign, a mccain attack television advertisement compared his rival barack obama to that of celebrities such as britney spears and paris hilton, questioned his readiness to lead, and criticized his energy policy.	early in the general campaign, a mccain television advertisement compared his rival barack obama to that of celebrities such as britney spears and paris hilton, questioned his readiness to lead, and criticized his energy policy.
the army leadership was deeply betrayed by the king because they thought that while they had been negotiating in good faith he had duplicitously gone behind their backs in making the engagement with the scots and encouraging a new civil war.	the army leadership felt deeply betrayed by the king because they thought that while they had been negotiating in good faith he had duplicitously gone behind their backs in making the engagement with the scots and encouraging a new civil war.
pakistani noon chai, with its distinctive pink colour.	kashmiri noon chai, with its distinctive pink colour.
bcec is owned by south bank corporation on behalf of the queensland government and is proudly managed by aeg ogden (convex) pty ltd who operate convention and exhibition centres, arenas, theatres and stadiums across the asia pacific region.	bcec is owned by south bank corporation on behalf of the queensland government and is managed by aeg ogden (convex) pty ltd who operate convention and exhibition centres, arenas, theatres and stadiums across the asia pacific region.
the current director and editor in chief is paul landau, appointed in 1989. the current chairwoman of the board is daniela rabinovitz.	the current director and editor in chief is paul landau, appointed in 1989. the current chair of the board is daniela rabinovitz.
in his fourth term in congress, israel was appointed to the prestigious appropriations committee.	in his fourth term in congress, israel was appointed to the appropriations committee.
cool it: the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming is a controversial book by the danish statistician and political scientist bjrn lomborg.	cool it: the skeptical environmentalist's guide to global warming is a book by the danish statistician and political scientist bjrn lomborg.
capella is one of only 86 higher education institutions in the united states to have received the national centers of academic excellence in information assurance education(ncae) designation by the national security agency (nsa).	capella is one of 86 higher education institutions in the united states to have received the national centers of academic excellence in information assurance education(ncae) designation by the national security agency (nsa).
the event is the only known reactor incident in the united states which resulted in immediate fatalities.	the event is the only reactor incident in the united states which resulted in immediate fatalities.
cycle facilities have been the subject of great debate from both engineering and ideological perspectives since the 1930s.	cycle facilities have been the subject of debate from both engineering and ideological perspectives since the 1930s.
east potomac park is a quiet park in washington, d.c., located south of the jefferson memorial and the 14th street bridge.	east potomac park is a park in washington, d.c., located south of the jefferson memorial and the 14th street bridge.
this article examines the insane beliefs and practices of scientology as taught by the church of scientology.	this article examines the beliefs and practices of scientology as taught by the church of scientology.
in his book the virgin, however, geoffrey ashe puts forward the opinion that the collyridians represented a parallel marian religion to christianity, founded by first-generation followers of the virgin mary, whose doctrines were later subsumed by the church at the council of ephesus in 432. some women interested in feminist spirituality claim the collyridians as precursors.	in his book the virgin, however, geoffrey ashe puts forward the hypothesis that the collyridians represented a parallel marian religion to christianity, founded by first-generation followers of the virgin mary, whose doctrines were later subsumed by the church at the council of ephesus in 432. some women interested in feminist spirituality claim the collyridians as precursors.
for these reasons, and also because of unfounded fears of contagion, people living with hiv are frequently subjected to stigma and discrimination.	for these reasons, and also because of fears of contagion, people living with hiv are frequently subjected to stigma and discrimination.
its construction, which included a 600-step descent to the baltic sea beach, counts as the first measure to develop the natural beauty of rgen for tourists.	its construction, which included a 600-step descent to the baltic sea beach, counts as the first measure to develop the natural environment of rgen for tourists.
before the conference, israel had threatened not to come if plo representatives, or someone from outside the gaza strip and the west bank, or even someone from east jerusalem would be part of the palestinian delegation.	before the conference, israel had threatened not to come if plo representatives, or someone from outside the gaza strip and the west bank, or someone from east jerusalem would be part of the palestinian delegation.
as the appalachian trail crosses old black's western slope, various clearings allow for spectacular views of cocke county and sevier county, tennessee to the north and northwest.	as the appalachian trail crosses old black's western slope, various clearings allow for views of cocke county and sevier county, tennessee to the north and northwest.
ana beatriz barros (born may 29, 1982) is a brazilian supermodel .	ana beatriz barros (born may 29, 1982) is a brazilian model .
aesthetic realism classes were scholarly and demonstrated that poetry was related to the problems of everyday life.	aesthetic realism classes were scholarly and sought to demonstrate that poetry was related to the problems of everyday life.
the view from dyrhlaey is interesting : to the north is to be seen the big glacier mrdalsjkull.	the view from dyrhlaey is broad : to the north is to be seen the big glacier mrdalsjkull.
in response to wales' revisionism , sanger posted on his personal webpage a collection of statements which he saw as confirming his role in founding wikipedia, by referencing earlier versions of wikipedia pages, citing wikipedia press releases, and linking to early media coverage, all of which described wales and sanger as the co-founders.	in response to wales' statement , sanger posted on his personal webpage a collection of statements which he saw as confirming his role in founding wikipedia, by referencing earlier versions of wikipedia pages, citing wikipedia press releases, and linking to early media coverage, all of which described wales and sanger as the co-founders.
heath ledger's portrayal of the joker received universal critical acclaim, winning numerous posthumous awards for his performance, including the academy award for best supporting actor, a golden globe award for best supporting actor in a motion picture, the bafta award for best actor in a supporting role, the saturn award for best supporting actor, a screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role, and a best actor international award at the 2008 australian film institute awards.	heath ledger's portrayal of the joker received critical acclaim, winning numerous posthumous awards for his performance, including the academy award for best supporting actor, a golden globe award for best supporting actor in a motion picture, the bafta award for best actor in a supporting role, the saturn award for best supporting actor, a screen actors guild award for outstanding performance by a male actor in a supporting role, and a best actor international award at the 2008 australian film institute awards.
the other cars are newer renaissance cars introduced by via in 2003. by the late 1980s, inflation and other rising costs were taking their toll on federal budgets and in the mulroney government's infamous 1989 budget, via again saw its budget slashed, surpassing even the 1981 cuts under trudeau.	the other cars are newer renaissance cars introduced by via in 2003. by the late 1980s, inflation and other rising costs were taking their toll on federal budgets and in the mulroney government's 1989 budget, via again saw its budget slashed, surpassing even the 1981 cuts under trudeau.
on its turn, azerbaijan still owns the formerly armenian-populated and now ethnically cleansed shahumian district, as well as eastern parts of mardakert and martuni districts of nagorno-karabakh.	on its turn, azerbaijan still controls the formerly armenian-populated and now ethnically cleansed shahumian district, as well as eastern parts of mardakert and martuni districts of nagorno-karabakh.
however , some hindu sects like arya samaj do not believe in using murtis as a way to focus on god since they worship god without attributes as nirguna brahman.	aditionally , some hindu sects like arya samaj do not believe in using murtis as a way to focus on god since they worship god without attributes as nirguna brahman.
in the 1980s, bala and port carling were also featured in a hilarious skit by the frantics on boot to the head.	in the 1980s, bala and port carling were also featured in a skit by the frantics on boot to the head.
because of the tremendous growth of the church in peru, mormon leaders announced in 1981 that a temple would be built in the city of lima.	because of the growth of the church in peru, mormon leaders announced in 1981 that a temple would be built in the city of lima.
"she has been widely misquoted by pro- abortion activists and biased media as saying that homosexuality is a disease and ""sufferers"" should be confined to psychiatric hospitals."	"she has been widely misquoted by pro- choice activists and biased media as saying that homosexuality is a disease and ""sufferers"" should be confined to psychiatric hospitals."
the clink was a notorious prison in southwark, england which functioned from the 12th century until 1780 either deriving its name from, or bestowing it on, the local manor, the clink liberty (see also the liberty of the clink).	the clink was a prison in southwark, england which functioned from the 12th century until 1780 either deriving its name from, or bestowing it on, the local manor, the clink liberty (see also the liberty of the clink).
the following are excellent sources for the full names of austrian and french generals.	the following are sources for the full names of austrian and french generals.
in 2006, williamson illicitly ordained two priests and seven deacons in warsaw, poland for the priestly society of saint josaphat, a group led by the priest basil kovpak whose 2003 excommunication by the ukrainian greek-catholic church was declared null on procedural grounds, but who was definitively excommunicated in november 2007. by this action williamson violated canons 1015 1 and 1017 of the code of canon law.	in 2006, williamson ordained two priests and seven deacons in warsaw, poland for the priestly society of saint josaphat, a group led by the priest basil kovpak whose 2003 excommunication by the ukrainian greek-catholic church was declared null on procedural grounds, but who was definitively excommunicated in november 2007. by this action williamson violated canons 1015 1 and 1017 of the code of canon law.
edward kirk herrmann (july 21, 1943 december 31, 2014) was an american actor, director, writer, and comedian, best known for his emmy-nominated portrayals of franklin d. roosevelt on television, richard gilmore in gilmore girls, a ubiquitous narrator for historical programs on the history channel and in such pbs productions as nova, and as a spokesman for dodge automobiles in the 1990s.	edward kirk herrmann (july 21, 1943 december 31, 2014) was an american actor, director, writer, and comedian, best known for his portrayals of franklin d. roosevelt on television, richard gilmore in gilmore girls, a ubiquitous narrator for historical programs on the history channel and in such pbs productions as nova, and as a spokesman for dodge automobiles in the 1990s.
"literary translators, such as gregory rabassa in ""if this be treason"" argue convincingly that translation is an art, though he acknowledges that it is teachable."	"literary translators, such as gregory rabassa in ""if this be treason"" argue that translation is an art, though he acknowledges that it is teachable."
two other bluntman and chronic comics were published, both with art by celebrated comic book artist and madman creator mike allred.	two other bluntman and chronic comics were published, both with art by comic book artist and madman creator mike allred.
notable alumni from the university of the east include philippine vice president noli de castro, philippine basketball association superstars robert jaworski and allan caidic; and pinoy big brother, season 1 winner nene tamayo.	notable alumni from the university of the east include philippine vice president noli de castro, philippine basketball association players robert jaworski and allan caidic; and pinoy big brother, season 1 winner nene tamayo.
some of his legendary performance art pieces include border brujo (198889), the couple in the cage (199293), the cruci-fiction project (1994), the temple of confessions (199596), the mexterminator project (199799), the living museum of fetishized identities (19992002) and the mapa/corpo series (20042008) his performances often involve audience participation, elaborate costuming and environments, interactive technologies and other collaborators, including roberto sifuentes, james luna, violeta luna, coco fusco, michelle ceballos, maria estrada, emma tramposch, antonio turok, and demin flores.	some of his performance art pieces include border brujo (198889), the couple in the cage (199293), the cruci-fiction project (1994), the temple of confessions (199596), the mexterminator project (199799), the living museum of fetishized identities (19992002) and the mapa/corpo series (20042008) his performances often involve audience participation, elaborate costuming and environments, interactive technologies and other collaborators, including roberto sifuentes, james luna, violeta luna, coco fusco, michelle ceballos, maria estrada, emma tramposch, antonio turok, and demin flores.
they seek to base doctrine and practice on the bible alone, and see themselves as restoring the new testament church established by christ.	they claim to base doctrine and practice on the bible alone, and see themselves as restoring the new testament church established by christ.
shanahan's senate confirmation hearing took place on june 20, 2017. during the hearing, senator john mccain, a proponent of supporting ukraine, threatened to block shanahan's nomination over his response in a written statement about whether or not the u.s. should provide such weapons to ukraine.	shanahan's senate confirmation hearing took place on june 20, 2017. during the hearing, senator john mccain, a proponent of providing arms to ukraine, threatened to block shanahan's nomination over his response in a written statement about whether or not the u.s. should provide such weapons to ukraine.
forest were founded in 1865 by a group of shinty players shortly after their famous neighbours notts county, (thought to be the world's oldest surviving professional football club), in 1862. the club's committee decided that forest's colours should be garibaldi red, named after the italian patriot who headed the redshirts party.	forest were founded in 1865 by a group of shinty players shortly after their neighbours notts county, (thought to be the world's oldest surviving professional football club), in 1862. the club's committee decided that forest's colours should be garibaldi red, named after the italian patriot who headed the redshirts party.
she has a long-running part as debbie aldridge in the venerable bbc radio soap opera the archers but is probably best known for two channel 4 television comedy parts: fran katzenjammer in black books and dr. caroline todd in green wing.	she has a long-running part as debbie aldridge in the bbc radio soap opera the archers but is probably best known for two channel 4 television comedy parts: fran katzenjammer in black books and dr. caroline todd in green wing.
the hate group sambhaji brigade attacked bhandarkar oriental research institute of maharashtra in january 2004, claiming that the institute had defamed shivaji.	the group sambhaji brigade attacked bhandarkar oriental research institute of maharashtra in january 2004, claiming that the institute had defamed shivaji.
the undesirable attributes of caps lock have led some power users to swap the positions of the two keys using aftermarket modifications; in the same vein, the one laptop per child computers opt to place ctrl in the caps lock position and discard caps lock entirely.	the undesirable attributes of caps lock have led some users to swap the positions of the two keys using aftermarket modifications; in the same vein, the one laptop per child computers opt to place ctrl in the caps lock position and discard caps lock entirely.
there are documented cases of at least 230 american officers murdered by their own troops, and as many as 1,400 other officers' deaths could not be explained .	there are documented cases of at least 230 american officers killed by their own troops, and as many as 1,400 other officers' deaths could not be explained .
the vast majority of them arrived to israel through the israeli-egypt border and most live in tel aviv, arad, eilat and bnei brak.	the majority of them arrived to israel through the israeli-egypt border and most live in tel aviv, arad, eilat and bnei brak.
unfortunately , even knowing the ingredients, or most of them, it has not been possible to prepare a paint with which one can produce an enduring masterpiece on a canvas of maguey fibre and so prove rosales' assertion.	however , even knowing the ingredients, or most of them, it has not been possible to prepare a paint with which one can produce an enduring masterpiece on a canvas of maguey fibre and so prove rosales' assertion.
israel ignored the facetious offer.	israel ignored what it deemed a facetious offer.
he was the humble creator of unitedtaps.com.	he was the creator of unitedtaps.com.
this mawkish view is treated with skepticism by some modern scholars, especially since dichterliebe, with its themes of rejection and acceptance, was written when his marriage was no longer in doubt.	this view is treated with skepticism by some modern scholars, especially since dichterliebe, with its themes of rejection and acceptance, was written when his marriage was no longer in doubt.
since the launch of the soho satellite in 1995, hundreds of tiny kreutz sungrazers have been discovered, all of which have either plunged into the sun or been destroyed completely during their perihelion passage, with the notable exception of c/2011 w3 (lovejoy).	since the launch of the soho satellite in 1995, hundreds of tiny kreutz sungrazers have been discovered, all of which have either plunged into the sun or been destroyed completely during their perihelion passage, with the exception of c/2011 w3 (lovejoy).
he is the only original character that had to be re-cast due to jim varney's passing , and was replaced by blake clark in this film.	he is the only original character that had to be re-cast due to jim varney's death , and was replaced by blake clark in this film.
"the site has been criticized by some-- most notably members of the stand-up community-- for its inexplicable resemblance in design and content to savingbristol.com, a web site created by doug stanhope exactly one day prior to maher's, where stanhope has offered $50,000 to help bristol palin pay for an abortion and start a new life that would be free from her ""tyrannical"" family."	"the site has been criticized by some-- most notably members of the stand-up community-- for its resemblance in design and content to savingbristol.com, a web site created by doug stanhope exactly one day prior to maher's, where stanhope has offered $50,000 to help bristol palin pay for an abortion and start a new life that would be free from her ""tyrannical"" family."
"pal(a)eoethnobotany or archaeobotany, ""is the study of remains of plants cultivated or used by man in ancient times, which have survived in archaeological contexts."""	"pal(a)eoethnobotany or archaeobotany, ""is the study of remains of plants cultivated or used by people in ancient times, which have survived in archaeological contexts."""
"unions that have expressed concerns about the negative impact the aca will have on their members' health care benefits, included the afl-cio, which called the aca ""highly disruptive"" to union health care plans and said it would drive up costs of union-sponsored plans; and international brotherhood of teamsters, united food and commercial workers international union, and unite-here, leaders of which sent a letter to harry reid (d-nv) and nancy pelosi (d-ca) stating that ""the aca will shatter not only our hard-earned health benefits, but destroy the foundation of the 40 hour work week that is the backbone of the american middle class."""	"unions that have expressed concerns about the negative impact the aca will have on their members' health care benefits, included the afl-cio, which called the aca ""highly disruptive"" to union health care plans and said it would drive up costs of union-sponsored plans; and international brotherhood of teamsters, united food and commercial workers international union, and unite-here, leaders of which sent a letter to harry reid (d-nv) and nancy pelosi (d-ca) arguing that ""the aca will shatter not only our hard-earned health benefits, but destroy the foundation of the 40 hour work week that is the backbone of the american middle class."""
diana starkova is a turkish-ukrainian supermodel , an auto racing driver and former beauty queen.	diana starkova is a turkish-ukrainian model , an auto racing driver and former beauty queen.
pakistan occupied two noncontiguous areas, and a civil war between west and east pakistan in 1971, in which india eventually intervened, resulted in the sedition of east pakistan to form the separate nation of bangladesh.	pakistan occupied two noncontiguous areas, and a civil war between west and east pakistan in 1971, in which india eventually intervened, resulted in the secession of east pakistan to form the separate nation of bangladesh.
after franken repeatedly interrupted o'reilly at the dais.	after franken interrupted o'reilly at the dais.
yet an excellent case may be made that the dragon and griffin are real cryptids.	yet an case may be made that the dragon and griffin are real cryptids.
was dubbed in hindi and broadcast in india in 2016 on zindagi tv after the huge success of teen-age romance drama feriha.	was dubbed in hindi and broadcast in india in 2016 on zindagi tv after the success of teen-age romance drama feriha.
sertab erener (born 1964, istanbul) is a well-known turkish pop star, who won eurovision song contest 2003 with everyway that i can in latvia.	sertab erener (born 1964, istanbul) is a turkish pop star, who won eurovision song contest 2003 with everyway that i can in latvia.
waimea canyon is a spectacular canyon, approximately ten miles (16 km) long and up to 3,000 feet (900 m) deep, located on the western side of kauai in the hawaiian islands.	waimea canyon is a large canyon, approximately ten miles (16 km) long and up to 3,000 feet (900 m) deep, located on the western side of kauai in the hawaiian islands.
samir kuntar, 53, lebanese terrorist , member of hezbollah, longest-held lebanese prisoner in israel, missile strike.	samir kuntar, 53, lebanese militant , member of hezbollah, longest-held lebanese prisoner in israel, missile strike.
though victoria ascended the throne at a time when the united kingdom was already an established constitutional monarchy in which the king or queen held few political powers and exercised its influence by the prime minister's advice, she still served as a very important symbolic figure of her time.	though victoria ascended the throne at a time when the united kingdom was already an established constitutional monarchy in which the king or queen held few political powers and exercised their influence by the prime minister's advice, she still served as a very important symbolic figure of her time.
an prousa iraqi court on sunday 5 november 2006 sentenced saddam hussein to the gallows for crimes against humanity.	an iraqi court on sunday 5 november 2006 sentenced saddam hussein to the gallows for crimes against humanity.
from the computer scientist's standpoint , zooming in entails one or a combination of:	from the computer scientist's point of view , zooming in entails one or a combination of:
unfortunately he was not fit enough to race due to a neck injury he sustained during a german superbike test earlier in the year.	however, it then became apparent that he was not fit enough to race due to a neck injury he sustained during a german superbike test earlier in the year.
"early in the book, hedges quotes a statement from harris's the end of faith regretfully advocating a nuclear first strike as arguably ""the only course of action available to us, given what islamists believe"" in the event of an islamist regime such as iran acquiring nuclear weapons capability."	"early in the book, hedges quotes a statement from harris's the end of faith advocating a nuclear first strike as arguably ""the only course of action available to us, given what islamists believe"" in the event of an islamist regime such as iran acquiring nuclear weapons capability."
another was patsy paugh, entered as miss west virginia, who was the mother of ill-fated jon benet ramsey.	another was patsy paugh, entered as miss west virginia, who was the mother of jon benet ramsey.
enver abduraimov, member of the parliament presidium, said that he did not go inside when he saw that raiders who secured the building were confiscating all communications devices from deputies.	enver abduraimov, member of the parliament presidium, said that he did not go inside when he saw that armed guards who secured the building were confiscating all communications devices from deputies.
the late argentinian composer and tango genius stor piazzolla was a leading exponent of the bandonen.	the late argentinian composer and tango performer stor piazzolla was a leading exponent of the bandonen.
he currently writes coruscating columns on all things newsworthy on wednesdays and saturdays.	he currently writes columns on all things newsworthy on wednesdays and saturdays.
editing a cool wiki page is very easy.	editing a wiki page is very easy.
his rule was also marked by the deterioration of relations with the usa, due to the rabidly anti-soviet stance of ronald reagan and exacerbated by the shooting-down of an off course civilian jet liner over russia on september 1, 1983 and the deployment of pershing missiles in europe.	his rule was also marked by the deterioration of relations with the usa, due to the anti-soviet stance of ronald reagan and exacerbated by the shooting-down of an off course civilian jet liner over russia on september 1, 1983 and the deployment of pershing missiles in europe.
speculation ran high around texas tech head coach mike leach, who was one of only three coaches publicly confirmed as a candidate for the job, but leach fell out of consideration after an unimpressive interview with dee.	speculation ran high around texas tech head coach mike leach, who was one of only three coaches publicly confirmed as a candidate for the job, but leach fell out of consideration after an interview with dee.
she is best known for portraying britta perry on the nbc/yahoo!	she is known for portraying britta perry on the nbc/yahoo!
from the date of the yugoslav capitulation, pro- nazi politicians, including the president of the fascist zbor movement dimitrije ljoti, former belgrade police chief and minister of the interior milan aimovi, the current belgrade police chief dragomir jovanovi, ore peri, steven kluji and tanasije dini met almost daily to assist in this process.	from the date of the yugoslav capitulation, pro- german politicians, including the president of the fascist zbor movement dimitrije ljoti, former belgrade police chief and minister of the interior milan aimovi, the current belgrade police chief dragomir jovanovi, ore peri, steven kluji and tanasije dini met almost daily to assist in this process.
jones announced his retirement from brigham young university on october 20, 2006, amid controversy about his research into the world trade center collapse.	jones announced his retirement from brigham young university on october 20, 2006, amid controversy about his inquiry into the world trade center collapse.
doughty off spinner robert croft proved effective on england tours, and is a useful pinch hitter in list a one day games.	off spinner robert croft proved effective on england tours, and is a useful pinch hitter in list a one day games.
over the years, they have put out a staggering number of albums (232), honoring mainstream and indie groups alike.	over the years, they have put out a large number number of albums (232), honoring mainstream and indie groups alike.
the area, the people, and the founding of the paper-making enterprise are described beautifully in the book shelter bay by harvey hassall smith, a close friend and former classmate of arthur a. schmon.	the area, the people, and the founding of the paper-making enterprise are described in the book shelter bay by harvey hassall smith, a close friend and former classmate of arthur a. schmon.
after the world war ii ended, the terrorist units of upa continued the fight against the soviet union until early 1950's, especially in the mountainous regions of the carpathians.	after the world war ii ended, the partisan units of upa continued the fight against the soviet union until early 1950's, especially in the mountainous regions of the carpathians.
judith ann mayotte (born january 25, 1937) is an american humanitarian, author, theologian, emmy-winning producer, former catholic religious sister, ethicist, and university professor.	judith ann mayotte (born january 25, 1937) is an american humanitarian, author, theologian, producer, former catholic religious sister, ethicist, and university professor.
alexandra wentworth actress and comedienne	alexandra wentworth actress and comedian
connolly was a regular contributor to such periodicals as the journal of roman military equipment and roman frontier studies.	he was a regular contributor to such periodicals as the journal of roman military equipment and roman frontier studies.
carson died on january 23, 2005. leno, now the last living host of the tonight show, paid lip-service to carson soon after.	carson died on january 23, 2005. leno, now the last living host of the tonight show, paid tribute to carson soon after.
shadows over camelot is a classic cooperative board game, a fairly rare genre in which players work together in order to try and defeat a game system which itself is moving the game toward defeat for all the players.	shadows over camelot is a cooperative board game, a fairly rare genre in which players work together in order to try and defeat a game system which itself is moving the game toward defeat for all the players.
besides , maggie q, a vegan, refused to wear or allow the use of real animal fur during the production of the film, so the costume she wore was made from faux fur instead.	also , maggie q, a vegan, refused to wear or allow the use of real animal fur during the production of the film, so the costume she wore was made from faux fur instead.
especially with the advent of second-wave feminism, it has become fairly common to separate biological sex from gender, noting along the way that there is no inherent connection between the two.	especially with the advent of second-wave feminism, it has become fairly common to separate biological sex from gender, suggesting along the way that there is no inherent connection between the two.
cunard memorial playground, a children's playground dedicated in 2004 honoring neighborhood residents lisa, max, and owen cunard who were tragically killed in the summer of 2003 by a falling tree during a storm while driving along n. highland avenue	cunard memorial playground, a children's playground dedicated in 2004 honoring neighborhood residents lisa, max, and owen cunard who were killed in the summer of 2003 by a falling tree during a storm while driving along n. highland avenue
national-anarchists denounce the centralized state, capitalism, globalization, and emerging new world order.	national-anarchists denounce the centralized state, capitalism, globalization, and the alleged new world order.
that committee broke into two parts along party lines, the democrats issuing a report conveniently saying the matter was closed, but the republicans issuing a dissenting report including a number of unanswered questions and problems with the investigation.	that committee broke into two parts along party lines, the democrats issuing a report saying the matter was closed, but the republicans issuing a dissenting report including a number of unanswered questions and problems with the investigation.
this was the most top 16 victims to suffer defeat in the first round since 1992.	this was the most top 16 players to suffer defeat in the first round since 1992.
"american comedienne phyllis diller, whose popular standup comic routine was based on her experiences as a housewife and on a mythical husband nicknamed ""fang"", filed for divorce against her real husband of 25 years, sherwood diller."	"american comedian phyllis diller, whose popular standup comic routine was based on her experiences as a housewife and on a mythical husband nicknamed ""fang"", filed for divorce against her real husband of 25 years, sherwood diller."
the club has a long-standing bitter rivalry with near neighbours arsenal, and matches between the two teams are known as the north london derby.	the club has a long-standing rivalry with near neighbours arsenal, and matches between the two teams are known as the north london derby.
monckton was a sponsor of the anti-homosexual conservative family campaign in the 1990s.	monckton was a sponsor of the conservative family campaign in the 1990s.
"the ""collective rights"" model has been discarded by the u.s. supreme court, in favor of the individual rights model."	"the ""collective rights"" model has been rejected by the u.s. supreme court, in favor of the individual rights model."
"these segments use silent or ""pantomime"" panels (indicating that time has elapsed; night falls and dawn rises) between the set-up and the punch line, typical of hart's masterly use of ""timing"" in b.c."	"these segments use silent or ""pantomime"" panels (indicating that time has elapsed; night falls and dawn rises) between the set-up and the punch line, typical of hart's use of ""timing"" in b.c."
she later joined hayden christensen in the golden globe-nominated shattered glass, guested on the shield and landed a recurring spot on the emmy award-winning two and a half men, as charlie sheen's endearing neighbor-turned-stalker, rose.	she later joined hayden christensen in the golden globe-nominated shattered glass, guested on the shield and landed a recurring spot on the emmy award-winning two and a half men, as charlie sheen's neighbor-turned-stalker, rose.
common to all definitions is the attempt to mobilize entire populations in support of the official state ideology, and the intolerance of activities which are not directed towards the goals of the state, such as involvement with opposing labour unions, churches or political parties.	common to all definitions is the attempt to mobilize entire populations in support of the official state ideology, and the intolerance of activities which are not directed towards the goals of the state, such as involvement with labour unions, churches or political parties.
khalistani terrorist groups are monitored by european and us governments.	khalistani groups are monitored by european and us governments.
"the so-called ""loughall martyrs"" were a group of eight men from the provisional ira's east tyrone brigade who, after conducting a series of terrorist attacks, were ambushed and killed on may 8 1987 by british special forces, the sas."	"the so-called ""loughall martyrs"" were a group of eight men from the provisional ira's east tyrone brigade who, after conducting a series of guerrilla attacks, were ambushed and killed on may 8 1987 by british special forces, the sas."
fortunately southampton were relegated to the championship at the end of the 2004-2005 season and have yet to regain their place amongst england's elite.	southampton were relegated to the championship at the end of the 2004-2005 season and have yet to regain their place amongst england's elite.
in most photographs the subject's face and breasts are covered.	in most photographs the subject's face and chest are covered.
it has an altar and a sacred book (the volume of the sacred law, in most cases the holy bible)	it has an altar and a sacred book (the volume of the sacred law, in most cases the bible )
the late mary john, sr. was one of the founders of ydli and was permanent honorary chair until her passing in 2004. grand chief edward john was instrumental in the founding of ydli and served as its first president.	the late mary john, sr. was one of the founders of ydli and was permanent honorary chair until her death in 2004. grand chief edward john was instrumental in the founding of ydli and served as its first president.
gustav liked to compare himself to moses, who also liberated his people and established a state.	gustav liked to compare himself to moses, whom he believed to have also liberated his people and established a state.
it also harbors mice and other unwelcome creatures.	it also harbors mice and other creatures.
the existence of abortion leads many pro- abortion activists to oppose fetal rights even when they do not come in conflict with the abortion issue.	the existence of abortion leads many pro- choice activists to oppose fetal rights even when they do not come in conflict with the abortion issue.
later he was killed with many of his supporters.	later he was martyred with many of his supporters.
"while she had done this partly to keep their professional lives separate and avoid seeming conflicts of interest, in her memoirs she said, ""i learned the hard way that some voters in arkansas were seriously offended by the fact that i kept my maiden name."""	"while she had done this to keep their professional lives separate and avoid seeming conflicts of interest, in her memoirs she said, ""i learned the hard way that some voters in arkansas were seriously offended by the fact that i kept my maiden name."""
rammstein's live shows are famous for their brilliant pyrotechnic performance and theatrics, earning them awards from many countries, including the united states of america.	rammstein's live shows are famous for their pyrotechnic performance and theatrics, earning them awards from many countries, including the united states of america.
"in 2009, the southern poverty law center attacked the party as a ""'patriot' group,"" described as a group or groups that ""advocate or adhere to extreme antigovernment doctrines."""	"in 2009, the southern poverty law center described the party as a ""'patriot' group,"" described as a group or groups that ""advocate or adhere to extreme antigovernment doctrines."""
hk-47 is a hunter-killer assassin droid from the 2003 video game star wars: knights of the old republic, its sequel, star wars: knights of the old republic ii: the sith lords, and the trials of obi-wan expansion pack to the popular massively multiplayer online game star wars: galaxies.	hk-47 is a hunter-killer assassin droid from the 2003 video game star wars: knights of the old republic, its sequel, star wars: knights of the old republic ii: the sith lords, and the trials of obi-wan expansion pack to the massively multiplayer online game star wars: galaxies.
ford is justly famous for his exciting tracking shots, such as the apache chase sequence in stagecoach or the attack on the comanche camp in the searchers.	ford is famous for his exciting tracking shots, such as the apache chase sequence in stagecoach or the attack on the comanche camp in the searchers.
the board is being boycotted by the largest nationalist party in northern ireland, sinn fein, as the recommendations of the patten commission have not been implemented in full.	the board is being boycotted by the largest nationalist party in northern ireland, sinn fein, complaining that the recommendations of the patten commission have not been implemented in full.
a very different interpretation of the joker appears in the animated series the batman, played by kevin michael richardson.	a different interpretation of the joker appears in the animated series the batman, played by kevin michael richardson.
it peaked at a lowly number 33 in the uk single charts when released in december 2004 .	it peaked at a number 33 in the uk single charts when released in december 2004 .
on june 7, 2011 nick 13 released his long-awaited solo album on sugar hill records.	on june 7, 2011 nick 13 released his solo album on sugar hill records.
prior to his marriage in 1882, prince louis i had an affair with the legendary actress, lillie langtry, and it is thought that he was the father of jeanne marie langtry, born some months later.	prior to his marriage in 1882, prince louis i had an affair with the actress, lillie langtry, and it is thought that he was the father of jeanne marie langtry, born some months later.
bojangles' is a regional chain of fast food restaurants whose initial board of business initiation used a name from a great song written by jerry jeff walker, to propel business success and create an imagination and visual illustration.	bojangles' is a regional chain of fast food restaurants whose initial board of business initiation used a name from a song written by jerry jeff walker, to propel business success and create an imagination and visual illustration.
"afterwards, dx proceeded to dump green slime on the spirit squad, strip coachman to his thong and spray ""dx"" on his buttocks after throwing him head first through a wall, admit that stephanie being in labor was a hoax, a ""kayfabe"" joke about the father of stephanie's child (triple h is the real life father), mocked the squad with a midget squad, who all had ""suck it"" written on their buttcheeks while mooning the spirit squad, and four sexy female cheerleaders, that after doing a cheer for dx, stripped of their shirts to reveal black bras with green dx letters on them."	"afterwards, dx proceeded to dump green slime on the spirit squad, strip coachman to his thong and spray ""dx"" on his buttocks after throwing him head first through a wall, admit that stephanie being in labor was a hoax, a ""kayfabe"" joke about the father of stephanie's child (triple h is the real life father), mocked the squad with a midget squad, who all had ""suck it"" written on their buttcheeks while mooning the spirit squad, and four female cheerleaders, that after doing a cheer for dx, stripped of their shirts to reveal black bras with green dx letters on them."
william pitt kellogg (december 8, 1830 - august 10, 1918) was an american politician and a carpetbagger governor of louisiana from 1873-1877. he was the state's last republican governor until the inauguration of david c. treen in 1980.	william pitt kellogg (december 8, 1830 - august 10, 1918) was an american politician and a governor of louisiana from 1873-1877. he was the state's last republican governor until the inauguration of david c. treen in 1980.
victorinox is one of the two (the second one is wenger) official suppliers of swiss army knives located in the town of ibach.	victorinox is one of the two (the other one is wenger) official suppliers of swiss army knives located in the town of ibach.
"for the day, it was christened ""bock cap alley"" throughout social media."	"for the day, it was called ""bock cap alley"" throughout social media."
some embrace the term, arguing that zionism is a form of racism.	some embrace the term, alleging that zionism is a form of racism.
in art, set is usually depicted as a creature referred to by egyptologists as the set animal, a beast resembling no known creature, although it could be seen as a composite of an aardvark, a donkey, a jackal or a fennec fox.	in art, set is usually depicted as an enigmatic, probably imaginary creature referred to by egyptologists as the set animal, a beast resembling no known creature, although it could be seen as a composite of an aardvark, a donkey, a jackal or a fennec fox.
the presence of federal protective service (fso) activity in the area has been seen as further evidence of state involvement.	the presence of federal protective service (fso) activity in the area has been claimed as further evidence of state involvement.
many native americans also opposed the revolution realizing that they were likely to suffer more at the hands of independent americans than the british.	many native americans also opposed the revolution believing that they were likely to suffer more at the hands of independent americans than the british.
five out of the first seven, six of the first ten, and seven of the first twelve libraries that carnegie commissioned in america are here in allegheny county.	five out of the first seven, six of the first ten, and seven of the first twelve libraries that carnegie commissioned in america are in allegheny county.
she runs the residential recording and creative facility, watercolour music studios, with her husband nick turner from their base in the idyllic west highlands.	she runs the residential recording and creative facility, watercolour music studios, with her husband nick turner from their base in the west highlands.
after a stellar junior hockey career for the ottawa 67's in the ontario hockey association, wilson was drafted in the first round, 6th overall, in the 1977 nhl entry draft.	after a junior hockey career for the ottawa 67's in the ontario hockey association, wilson was drafted in the first round, 6th overall, in the 1977 nhl entry draft.
these aspects provided the political excuses for the new laws passed for several decades after 1695. interdicts faced by catholics and dissenters under the penal laws were:	these aspects provided the political basis for the new laws passed for several decades after 1695. interdicts faced by catholics and dissenters under the penal laws were:
members accept the virgin birth, the substitutionary atonement, the bodily resurrection of jesus, the holy trinity, and the second coming.	members believe in the virgin birth, the substitutionary atonement, the bodily resurrection of jesus, the holy trinity, and the second coming.
in november 1997, sicko glitter was arrested after child pornography images were discovered on the hard drive of a personal computer he had taken to a bristol branch of pc world for repair.	in november 1997, glitter was arrested after child pornography images were discovered on the hard drive of a personal computer he had taken to a bristol branch of pc world for repair.
the three ladies in the band have adopted the nicknames kissy, dusty, and junior.	the three women in the band have adopted the nicknames kissy, dusty, and junior.
he subsequently appeared in television advertisements, and has since developed a formidable reputation as a character actor.	he subsequently appeared in television advertisements, and has since developed a reputation as a character actor.
"regarding the boundary of hindustan and khorasan, it is written: ""on the road between hindustn and khorasn, there are two great marts: the one kbul, the other kandahr."""	"regarding the historical relation of hindustan and khorasan, it is written: ""on the road between hindustn and khorasn, there are two great marts: the one kbul, the other kandahr."""
martin albert fowler is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by james alexandrou from 1996 to 2007.	martin albert fowler is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by james alexandrou from 1996 to 2007.
"it belongs to australia's prestigious ""group of eight"" universities."	"it belongs to australia's ""group of eight"" universities."
the blockbuster film was later remade in tamil as siruthai, in kannada as veera madakari, in hindi as rowdy rathore, in indian bengali as bikram singha: the lion is back, and in bangladeshi bengali as ulta palta 69.	the film was later remade in tamil as siruthai, in kannada as veera madakari, in hindi as rowdy rathore, in indian bengali as bikram singha: the lion is back, and in bangladeshi bengali as ulta palta 69.
the democratic primary campaign saw two well-known, well-funded philadelphia congressmen – bob brady and chaka fattah – eclipsed by self-funding businessman tom knox and maverick former councilman nutter, who won by a surprisingly large margin in the primary election on may 15. he went on to face republican nominee al taubenberger in a lackluster general election campaign, which he won by a large margin and with the lowest voter turnout in a philadelphia mayoral election without an incumbent since 1951. mayor nutter was sworn in on january 7, 2008.	the democratic primary campaign saw two well-known, well-funded philadelphia congressmen – bob brady and chaka fattah – eclipsed by self-funding businessman tom knox and former councilman nutter, who won by a surprisingly large margin in the primary election on may 15. he went on to face republican nominee al taubenberger in a lackluster general election campaign, which he won by a large margin and with the lowest voter turnout in a philadelphia mayoral election without an incumbent since 1951. mayor nutter was sworn in on january 7, 2008.
goguryeo (traditional founding date 37 bce; probably 2nd century bce 668 ce) was an ancient korean kingdom located in the northern korean peninsula and manchuria .	goguryeo (traditional founding date 37 bce; probably 2nd century bce 668 ce) was an ancient kingdom located in the northern korean peninsula and manchuria .
only 107,555 votes were cast in the first-ever republican gubernatorial primary held in georgia, but the democratic turnout surpassed 798,000. fewer than a hundred republican ballots were cast in ninety-nine counties, and fewer than ten votes were tabulated in eight other counties.	107,555 votes were cast in the first-ever republican gubernatorial primary held in georgia, but the democratic turnout surpassed 798,000. fewer than a hundred republican ballots were cast in ninety-nine counties, and fewer than ten votes were tabulated in eight other counties.
the war began after a ceasefire agreement between georgia and south ossetia broke down (each side accused the other of breaking the ceasefire), and georgia invaded south ossetia with a large military force leaving the the capital tskhinvali largely destroyed.	the war began after a ceasefire agreement between georgia and south ossetia broke down (each side accused the other of breaking the ceasefire), and georgia entered south ossetia with a large military force leaving the the capital tskhinvali largely destroyed.
from 2005 to 2007, she was married to rock icon marilyn manson.	from 2005 to 2007, she was married to rock star marilyn manson.
a bribery investigation was opened in bavaria, germany in 1999, with thousands of doctors and nearly all of smithkline beecham's sales force under investigation; by 2004, only 71 doctors and dozens of employees remained under investigation.	a bribery investigation was opened in bavaria, germany in 1999, with thousands of doctors and nearly all of smithkline beecham's sales force under investigation; by 2004, 71 doctors and dozens of employees remained under investigation.
nevertheless, the movement has outspoken critics, including scientists, former tm teachers and practitioners, and christian and jewish fundamentalists.	nevertheless, the movement has critics, including scientists, former tm teachers and practitioners, and christian and jewish fundamentalists.
however d.b.s jeyaraj says that he empathizes with ltte's struggle for a tamil state at the same time he sees necessity for closer introspection of some of its activities he is often viewed as a fervant tamil protestant, a small community closely associated with the politics of tamil secessionism and thus at times attacked by both buddhists and hindus for a purported religious bias.	however d.b.s jeyaraj says that he empathizes with ltte's struggle for a tamil state at the same time he sees necessity for closer introspection of some of its activities he is often viewed as a fervent tamil protestant, a small community closely associated with the politics of tamil secessionism and thus at times attacked by both buddhists and hindus for a purported religious bias.
lionel andrs messi (; born 24 june 1987) is an argentine footballer who currently plays for la liga giants barcelona and the argentine national team.	lionel andrs messi (; born 24 june 1987) is an argentine footballer who currently plays for la liga 's barcelona and the argentine national team.
in 2003, peta wilson appeared in the movie the league of extraordinary gentlemen with sean connery in the role of vampiress mina harker.	in 2003, peta wilson appeared in the movie the league of extraordinary gentlemen with sean connery in the role of vampire mina harker.
climate change denial describes efforts to counter all or part of the theory of global climate change when those involved are believed to be acting out of vested interests rather than an unbiased evaluation of the scientific data.	climate change denial is a highly controversial term attributed to efforts to counter all or part of the theory of global climate change when those involved are believed to be acting out of vested interests rather than an unbiased evaluation of the scientific data.
details of the actual financial structure of sa have always been hard to come by, but most forum members know that lowtax has made, and continues to make, an enormous personal investment of time and money into the site to keep it running.	details of the actual financial structure of sa have always been hard to come by, but most forum members assert that lowtax has made, and continues to make, an enormous personal investment of time and money into the site to keep it running.
in many ways, botha's application of the apartheid system was less repressive than that of his predecessors: interracial marriage, which had been banned, was legalized, and the constitutional prohibition on multiracial political parties was lifted.	in some ways, botha's application of the apartheid system was less repressive than that of his predecessors: interracial marriage, which had been banned, was legalized, and the constitutional prohibition on multiracial political parties was lifted.
a nice view of the puthenthope st. ignatius church.	a view of the puthenthope st. ignatius church.
defenders of the faith is a 1984 platinum album of british heavy metal legends judas priest.	defenders of the faith is a 1984 platinum album of british heavy metal band judas priest.
together with the other national and provincial parks that comprise the canadian rocky mountain parks, the park was recognized for its natural beauty and the geological and ecological significance of its mountain landscapes containing the habitats of rare and endangered species, mountain peaks, glaciers, lakes, waterfalls, canyons and limestone caves and fossils.	together with the other national and provincial parks that comprise the canadian rocky mountain parks, the park was recognized for its natural environment and the geological and ecological significance of its mountain landscapes containing the habitats of rare and endangered species, mountain peaks, glaciers, lakes, waterfalls, canyons and limestone caves and fossils.
pre-9/11 column downplaying islamic terrorism threat	pre-9/11 column addressing islamic terrorism threat
kurdistan workers party (pkk) flagthe kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kontra-gel, is a terrorist organization (as recognized by the united states of america, european union, and other major powers), dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.	kurdistan workers party (pkk) flagthe kurdistan workers party (kurdish: partiya karkern kurdistan or pkk), also known as kadek and kontra-gel, is a militant organization (as recognized by the united states of america, european union, and other major powers), dedicated to creating an independent kurdish state in a territory (sometimes referenced as kurdistan) that consists of parts of southeastern turkey, northeastern iraq, northeastern syria and northwestern iran.
resident minister extraordinary miura goro plotted the assassination of queen min and mobilized the korean bandits who killed her, violated her dead body, and burned her corpse.	resident minister extraordinary miura goro plotted the assassination of queen min and mobilized the japanese bandits who killed her, violated her dead body, and burned her corpse.
"at the age of 50, monica bellucci became the oldest actress to be cast as a ""bond girl""."	"at the age of 50, monica bellucci became the oldest actor to be cast as a ""bond girl""."
the little king was a comic strip created by otto soglow, famously telling its stories in a style using images and very few words, as in pantomime.	the little king was a comic strip created by otto soglow, telling its stories in a style using images and very few words, as in pantomime.
the soviet union re-occupied most of the territory of the baltic states 1944 as a result of the soviet baltic offensive during world war ii.	the soviet union regained control over most of the territory of the baltic states 1944 as a result of the soviet baltic offensive during world war ii.
in the meantime, the kurdish bandit simko shikak, also considered by his people to be their leader, was secretly working with both the turkish and iranian governments for the annihilation of the assyrians.	in the meantime, the kurdish chieftain simko shikak, also considered by his people to be their leader, was secretly working with both the turkish and iranian governments for the annihilation of the assyrians.
your friend, andrew wk is a reality show on mtv2 starring hair metal superstar andrew w. k..	your friend, andrew wk is a reality show on mtv2 starring hair metal musician andrew w. k..
he became known after appearing in popular 1980s movies such as the outsiders and st. elmo's fire, which included other members of the brat pack.	he became known after appearing in 1980s movies such as the outsiders and st. elmo's fire, which included other members of the brat pack.
a common myth (and one which serves to illustrate the dynamics of proper raid deployment) is that raid 10 is inherently better for relational databases than raid 5, because raid 5 requires the recalculation and redistribution of parity data on a per-write basis.	a common opinion (and one which serves to illustrate the dynamics of proper raid deployment) is that raid 10 is inherently better for relational databases than raid 5, because raid 5 requires the recalculation and redistribution of parity data on a per-write basis.
he married popular actress lela rochon in april 1999.	he married actress lela rochon in april 1999.
scientology is a pseudoreligion created by american pulp and science fiction author l. ron hubbard in 1952 as a self-help philosophy.	scientology is a self-proclaimed religion created by american pulp and science fiction author l. ron hubbard in 1952 as a self-help philosophy.
based on this example and select others, the authors conclude that such a persistent bias can only be explained by a model like the one they advocate.	based on this example and select others, the authors argue that such a persistent bias can only be explained by a model like the one they advocate.
lynn ferguson - comedienne , actress, writer	lynn ferguson - comedian , actress, writer
in 1940, the ulfta was banned under the wartime defence of canada regulations, because of its support for stalinism and the soviet-nazi pact, many of its leaders and journalists were rightly interned along with the leadership of the communist party.	in 1940, the ulfta was banned under the wartime defence of canada regulations, because of its support for stalinism and the soviet-nazi pact, many of its leaders and journalists were interned along with the leadership of the communist party.
petroleum is vital to many industries, and is of importance to the maintenance of industrial civilization itself , and thus is a critical concern for many nations.	petroleum is vital to many industries, and is of importance to the maintenance of industrial civilization in its current configuration , and thus is a critical concern for many nations.
honestreporting is accused by its detractors of making inaccurate, distorted and often deceptive claims.	honestreporting is accused by its critics of making inaccurate, distorted and often deceptive claims.
abbywinters.com is australia based pornographic or erotic paysite, which specializes in authentic lesbian and solo erotica of amateur female nude models and uses all-female shooting crews.	abbywinters.com is australia based pornographic or erotic paysite, which specializes in lesbian and solo erotica of amateur female nude models and uses all-female shooting crews.
the gulf research center (grc) is a privately funded, non-partisan think tank, education provider and consultancy specializing in the arabian gulf region.	the gulf research center (grc) is a privately funded, non-partisan think tank, education provider and consultancy specializing in the persian gulf region.
florence foresti (1973-), comedienne and actress	florence foresti (1973-), comedian and actress
nicky romanowski (lucy punch) - ambitious young hack comedienne and award nominee.	nicky romanowski (lucy punch) - ambitious young hack comedian and award nominee.
shortly after elghanian's execution, the united states senate passed a resolution authored by jewish senator jacob javits to condemn his execution as well as that of other civilians as a violation of human rights in iran.	shortly after elghanian's execution, the united states senate passed a resolution authored by senator jacob javits to condemn his execution as well as that of other civilians as a violation of human rights in iran.
for fans left unsatisfied by the muted atmospherics of adore and the comparably over- processed and produced machina/the machines of god, machina ii was hailed as a welcome return to the band's hard rock roots.	for fans left unsatisfied by the muted atmospherics of adore and the comparably processed and produced machina/the machines of god, machina ii was hailed as a welcome return to the band's hard rock roots.
dull is a village located in the county of perthshire in scotland.	dull is a village located in the county of perth & kinross in scotland.
"after a short time the band released the lp ende neu (1996) which became quite famous because of the great song ""stella maris"", a duet of blixa bargeld with the talented singer meret becker."	"after a short time the band released the lp ende neu (1996) which became quite famous because of the song ""stella maris"", a duet of blixa bargeld with the talented singer meret becker."
du noy believed that mankind should have confidence in science, but be aware that we know less about the material world than is commonly believed.	du noy believed that humankind should have confidence in science, but be aware that we know less about the material world than is commonly believed.
nonetheless, they have certain superhuman abilities, such as increased stamina and strength and the ability to physically interface with computer systems.	nonetheless, they have certain transhuman abilities, such as increased stamina and strength and the ability to physically interface with computer systems.
it briefly became the republic of hawaii, before eventual seizure by the united states in 1898.	it briefly became the republic of hawaii, before eventual annexation by the united states in 1898.
felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actress who is well known in the united kingdom for her television work.	felicity ann kendal, cbe (born 25 september 1946) is an english actor who is well known in the united kingdom for her television work.
given that firearms possession was banned during german nazi occupation and then allowed only to those deemed loyal during the communist tyranny , the right to be armed is seen as one of attributes of liberty in the country.	given that firearms possession was banned during german nazi occupation and then allowed only to those deemed loyal during the communist regime , the right to be armed is seen as one of attributes of liberty in the country.
she has also appeared in a series of tv commercials for all-bran cereal, also featuring fellow actress and comedienne julia morris.	she has also appeared in a series of tv commercials for all-bran cereal, also featuring fellow actress and comedian julia morris.
it was occupied throughout the first millennium ad , but climate change and natural disasters (e.g.	it was occupied throughout the first millennium of the current era , but climate change and natural disasters (e.g.
fringe organizations like the john birch society and conspiracy theorists such as american paleoconservative alex jones also regularly tout this idea.	organizations like the john birch society and conspiracy theorists such as american paleoconservative alex jones also regularly tout this idea.
"in an article about noory published in the respected news magazine the atlantic, timothy lavin wrote that ""noory can be an uneven broadcaster, sometimes seems to not pay full attention to his guests, offers strangely obvious commentary, and often lets clearly delusional or pseudoscientific assertions slide by without challenge."	"in an article about noory published in the respected news magazine the atlantic, timothy lavin wrote that ""noory can be an uneven broadcaster, sometimes seems to not pay full attention to his guests, offers strangely obvious commentary, and often lets seemingly delusional or pseudoscientific assertions slide by without challenge."
gandhi maidan is the main market and commercial area of patna with ashok rajpath which starts from gandhi maidan and dak bungalow crossing and bailey road besides frazer road, exhibition road, boring road, and boring canal road that offer some of the most fascinating shopping experiences in the city.	gandhi maidan is the main market and commercial area of patna with ashok rajpath which starts from gandhi maidan and dak bungalow crossing and bailey road besides frazer road, exhibition road, boring road, and boring canal road that offer some of the most boring shopping experiences in the city.
the grounds were notable for a magnificent collection of rare flowering and evergreen shrubs.	the grounds were notable for a collection of rare flowering and evergreen shrubs.
communities as well as those perceived to be members of those communities has overpowered the traditional definition and application.	communities as well as those perceived to be members of those communities has replaced the traditional definition and application.
write-in candidacies are usually a result of a candidate being legally or procedurally ineligible to run under his own name or party.	write-in candidacies are sometimes a result of a candidate being legally or procedurally ineligible to run under his own name or party.
the archive: live, lost & found is a compilation album by popular emcee rakim, featuring live performances and unreleased and rare material.	the archive: live, lost & found is a compilation album by emcee rakim, featuring live performances and unreleased and rare material.
a deep believer in the progressive themes of efficiency and scientific expertise, aldrich led a team of experts to study the european national banks, concluding that britain, germany and france had a much superior central banking system.	a deep believer in the progressive themes of efficiency and scientific expertise, aldrich led a team of experts to study the european national banks, discovering that britain, germany and france had a much superior central banking system.
"with the occupation of alcatraz, a participant testified , ""we got back our worth, our pride, our dignity, our humanity."""	"with the occupation of alcatraz, a participant said , ""we got back our worth, our pride, our dignity, our humanity."""
former queensland players karmichael hunt and israel folau were both poached by australian rules football's afl and also both played professional rugby union.	former queensland players karmichael hunt and israel folau were both recruited by australian rules football's afl and also both played professional rugby union.
although geographically and linguistically labeled as southeast asians, long periods of chinese domination and influence have placed the vietnamese culturally closer to east asians, or more specifically their immediate northern neighbours, the southern chinese and other tribes within south china.	although geographically and linguistically labeled as southeast asians, long periods of chinese domination and influence have placed the vietnamese culturally closer to east asians, or more specifically their immediate northern neighbours, the southern chinese and other peoples within south china.
by the 11th century mainland southern italian powers were hiring ferocious norman merecenaries, who were christian descendants of the vikings; it was the normans under roger i who freed sicily from the muslims.	by the 11th century mainland southern italian powers were hiring ferocious norman merecenaries, who were christian descendants of the vikings; it was the normans under roger i who conquered sicily from the muslims.
"she repeated her treason allegations against land and made several other incendiary statements, including claims that land was aiding and abetting purported aspirations of ""dictatorship"" by obama."	"she repeated her treason allegations against land and made several other intemperate statements, including claims that land was aiding and abetting purported aspirations of ""dictatorship"" by obama."
in colin powell's notorious february 2003 speech to the united nations urging war against iraq, zarqawi was cited as an example of saddam hussein's support for terrorism.	in colin powell's famous february 2003 speech to the united nations urging war against iraq, zarqawi was cited as an example of saddam hussein's support for terrorism.
alan jay lerner, famed american lyricist and librettist	alan jay lerner, american lyricist and librettist
in the more recent fantasy, wolves are more often portrayed more realistically, one fine example being nighteyes from the realm of the elderlings books by robin hobb, and often they are strongly tied to the main characters in a positive way, like the wolves of elfquest.	in the more recent fantasy, wolves are more often portrayed more realistically, one example being nighteyes from the realm of the elderlings books by robin hobb, and often they are strongly tied to the main characters in a positive way, like the wolves of elfquest.
altogether combining the number of years until 2010, the city was under rule of poland for 706 years, under the rule of teutonic order for 158 years, 125 years as part of prussia and later germany, 29 years of its history are marked by the status of a free city, and 6 years under the occupation of nazi germany until it was returned to poland in 1945.	altogether combining the number of years until 2010, the city was under rule of poland for 706 years, under the rule of teutonic order for 158 years, 125 years as part of prussia and later germany, 29 years of its history are marked by the status of a free city, and 6 years under the occupation of nazi germany until it was transferred to poland in 1945.
1903 controversial uganda proposal for settlement in east africa splits the 6th zionist congress.	1903 uganda proposal for settlement in east africa splits the 6th zionist congress.
palestinian terrorists machine-gunned their van with more than 60 rounds.	palestinian gunmen machine-gunned their van with more than 60 rounds.
from his humble upbringing in a nebraskan christian scientist family, fonda made his mark early in his life as a broadway actor, and made his hollywood debut in 1935. fonda's career gained momentum after his academy award nominated performance in 1940's the grapes of wrath, an adaptation of john steinbeck's novel about an oklahoma family forced west during the dust bowl.	from his humble upbringing in a nebraskan christian scientist family, fonda made his mark early in his life as a broadway actor, and made his hollywood debut in 1935. fonda's career gained momentum after his academy award nominated performance in 1940's the grapes of wrath, an adaptation of john steinbeck's novel about an oklahoma family who moved west during the dust bowl.
dawud wharnsby ali has written a song in tribute to rachel corrie's efforts and her tragic death.	dawud wharnsby ali has written a song in tribute to rachel corrie's efforts and her death.
these reckless comments have subjected simon himself to criticism .	these comments have subjected simon himself to criticism .
the september 11 attacks (also referred to as september 11, september 11th, or 9/11) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the islamic terrorist group al-qaeda on the united states in new york city and the washington, d.c., metropolitan area on tuesday, september 11, 2001. the attacks killed 2,996 people and caused at least $10 billion in property and infrastructure damage.	the september 11 attacks (also referred to as september 11, september 11th, or 9/11) were a series of four coordinated terrorist attacks by the islamic group al-qaeda on the united states in new york city and the washington, d.c., metropolitan area on tuesday, september 11, 2001. the attacks killed 2,996 people and caused at least $10 billion in property and infrastructure damage.
"is the leading imam of the grand mosque in the islamic holy city of mecca, saudi arabia and the ""islamic personality of the year"" 2006. in some of his sermons, al-sudais has vilified non-muslims and has called for the annihilation of zionism ."	"is the leading imam of the grand mosque in the islamic holy city of mecca, saudi arabia and the ""islamic personality of the year"" 2006. in some of his sermons, al-sudais has vilified non-muslims and has called for the annihilation of jews ."
hebrew was nearly extinct as a spoken language by late antiquity, but it survived as a literary language and as the liturgical language of judaism, evolving various dialects of literary medieval hebrew, until its revival as a spoken language in the late 19th century.	hebrew was nearly extinct as a spoken language by late antiquity, but it continued to be used as a literary language and as the liturgical language of judaism, evolving various dialects of literary medieval hebrew, until its revival as a spoken language in the late 19th century.
it also has the mila conanan memorial chapel, named after mila p. conanan, who had been on the medical center staff for 20 years and the operating rooms director at the allen pavilion for three years before her passing in 1990.	it also has the mila conanan memorial chapel, named after mila p. conanan, who had been on the medical center staff for 20 years and the operating rooms director at the allen pavilion for three years before her death in 1990.
victoria's greatest yield for one year was in 1856, when 3,053,744 troy ounces (94,982 kg) of gold were won from the diggings.	victoria's greatest yield for one year was in 1856, when 3,053,744 troy ounces (94,982 kg) of gold were extracted from the diggings.
in 1949, after the chinese nationalists lost the civil war in china, east turkestan's rulers did not agree to form a confederate relation within mao's people's republic of china, however, a plane crash killed the most of the east turkestan republic's supreme leadership.	in 1949, after the chinese nationalists lost the civil war in china, east turkestan's rulers did not agree to form a confederate relation within mao's people's republic of china, however, a plane crash killed most of the east turkestan republic's supreme leadership.
the earliest recorded attempt to prohibit corporal punishment of children by a state dates back to poland in 1783. however, its prohibition in all spheres of life in homes, schools, the penal system and alternative care settings occurred first only in 1979 in sweden.	the earliest recorded attempt to prohibit corporal punishment of children by a state dates back to poland in 1783. however, its prohibition in all spheres of life in homes, schools, the penal system and alternative care settings occurred first in 1979 in sweden.
the cruel death of jean calas, who was broken on the wheel at toulouse, 9 march 1762.	the death of jean calas, who was broken on the wheel at toulouse, 9 march 1762.
december 2008: asus quietly releases a beta bios update that potentially fixes the windows xp sp3 incompatibility with the asus a8n32-sli deluxe motherboard.	december 2008: asus releases a beta bios update that potentially fixes the windows xp sp3 incompatibility with the asus a8n32-sli deluxe motherboard.
lima is a legendary player at santos fc having played almost 700 games for the team and was champion of all titles that a brazilian team could win in his time, especially the bi-world championship (1962, 1963) where he showed his versatility playing as a striker.	lima is a player at santos fc having played almost 700 games for the team and was champion of all titles that a brazilian team could win in his time, especially the bi-world championship (1962, 1963) where he showed his versatility playing as a striker.
during one episode where both families appeared on a show called family fallout (a spoof on the popular game show, family feud), spacely used every dirty trick and tactic possible to humiliate the jetsons, which angered jane.	during one episode where both families appeared on a show called family fallout (a spoof on the game show, family feud), spacely used every dirty trick and tactic possible to humiliate the jetsons, which angered jane.
"male fans of emo found themselves hit with justified homosexual slurs, largely a reflection of the style of dress popular within the ""emo scene"" and the displays of emotion common in the scene."	"male fans of emo found themselves hit with homosexual slurs, largely a reflection of the style of dress popular within the ""emo scene"" and the displays of emotion common in the scene."
despite hunts initial cynicism, morales restored her health with a range of techniques that included the use of the entheogenic plants san pedro and ayahuasca.	despite hunts initial cynicism, morales appeared to restore her health with a range of techniques that included the use of the entheogenic plants san pedro and ayahuasca.
alito has cited the banning and subsequent mistreatment of rotc by the university as his reason for belonging to cap.	alito has cited the banning and subsequent treatment of rotc by the university as his reason for belonging to cap.
in 2015, dinklage starred in the science fiction comedy film pixels as a former arcade champion named eddie plant, which was poorly received by the critics.	in 2015, dinklage starred in the science fiction comedy film pixels as a former arcade champion named eddie plant, which was poorly received by critics.
macedon (or macedonia from greek μακεδονία) in classical antiquity was the ancient greek state of macedonia, bordering with the greek state of epirus on the west and with thrace on the east.	macedon (or macedonia from greek μακεδονία) in classical antiquity was the ancient state of macedonia, bordering with the greek state of epirus on the west and with thrace on the east.
subsequently, he led several delegations to moscow and baghdad where he spoke against the use of depleted uranium and other atrocities by u.s. forces in iraq.	subsequently, he led several delegations to moscow and baghdad where he spoke against the use of depleted uranium and other actions by u.s. forces in iraq.
his views are broadly similar to many other anglophile muslims such as india's syed ali khan.	his views are broadly similar to many other liberal muslims such as india's syed ali khan.
lextrme-orient (bulletin antwerp gographie socitie, 1898), a thoughtful study of the political geography of the far east and its possible changes	lextrme-orient (bulletin antwerp gographie socitie, 1898), a study of the political geography of the far east and its possible changes
for example, stevens, a world war ii veteran, was visibly angered by liberal attorney william kunstler's flippant defense of flag-burning in oral argument in 1989's texas v. johnson and voted to uphold a prohibition on flag-burning against a first amendment attack .	for example, stevens, a world war ii veteran, was visibly angered by liberal attorney william kunstler's flippant defense of flag-burning in oral argument in 1989's texas v. johnson and voted to uphold a prohibition on flag-burning against a first amendment argument .
"this catastrophe , cast in terms of substitutionary atonement, possibly motivated his surviving disciples to embark on a number of missionary campaigns to spread the ""good news"", though literally they were simply following jesus' great commission to spread the teachings of jesus to ""all nations""."	"this event , cast in terms of substitutionary atonement, possibly motivated his surviving disciples to embark on a number of missionary campaigns to spread the ""good news"", though literally they were simply following jesus' great commission to spread the teachings of jesus to ""all nations""."
lead guitar unsurprisingly was not played by ace frehley as he was not musically involved with the album and it was not played by vinnie vincent either; it was played by steve farris, who would go on to be the lead guitarist of the 1980s pop rock group mr. mister.	lead guitar was not played by ace frehley as he was not musically involved with the album and it was not played by vinnie vincent either; it was played by steve farris, who would go on to be the lead guitarist of the 1980s pop rock group mr. mister.
the rest of this section comprises various famously uncanny games, such as the immortal game and the evergreen game, with some colorful analysis from lasker.	the rest of this section comprises various famously uncanny games, such as the immortal game and the evergreen game, with some analysis from lasker.
in 1994/95, already a well known politician, he briefly attended the instituto superior de engenharia de lisboa where he completed some academic disciplines in order to get a cese diploma (a complementary diploma to his bacharelato degree because until 1999 the polytechnic institutions did not offer licenciatura degrees), but instead, under circumstances which would provoke a fait-divers controversy in 2007, he earned in 1996 the licenciatura (licentiate degree) in civil engineering from the universidade independente, a private university in lisbon which was compulsorily closed in 2007/2008.	in 1994/95, already a well known politician, he briefly attended the instituto superior de engenharia de lisboa where he completed some academic disciplines in order to get a cese diploma (a complementary diploma to his bacharelato degree because until 1999 the polytechnic institutions did not offer licenciatura degrees), but instead, under circumstances which would provoke a controversy in 2007, he earned in 1996 the licenciatura (licentiate degree) in civil engineering from the universidade independente, a private university in lisbon which was compulsorily closed in 2007/2008.
children on their birthdays is a 2002 independent film that tells a story of a beautiful 13-year-old girl, played by tania raymonde, who has stayed briefly in a country town in alabama.	children on their birthdays is a 2002 independent film that tells a story of a 13-year-old girl, played by tania raymonde, who has stayed briefly in a country town in alabama.
eleanor was married to henry iii, king of england (1207-1272) on 14 january 1236. she had never seen him prior to the wedding at canterbury cathedral and had never set foot in his impoverished kingdom.	eleanor was married to henry iii, king of england (1207-1272) on 14 january 1236. she had never seen him prior to the wedding at canterbury cathedral and had never set foot in his kingdom.
paulsen voted in favor of the federal budget plan for fiscal 2012 that, among other provisions, provided for substantial overhaul of the medicare program including reform of the traditional program with a premium support payment for private health insurance coverage for americans currently under age 55.	paulsen voted in favor of the federal budget plan for fiscal 2012 that, among other provisions, provided for substantial overhaul of the medicare program including replacement of the traditional program with a premium support payment for private health insurance coverage for americans currently under age 55.
in the last decade a number of churches have been founded in russia and in many eastern european countries.	in the last decade a number of churches have been founded in russia and in eastern european countries.
cosettes musical incarnation is often dubbed shallow and selfish, because eponines actions are so selfless and sympathetic in the musical adaptation.	cosettes musical incarnation is often dubbed shallow and selfish, because eponines actions are seen by some as selfless and sympathetic in the musical adaptation.
peter berlin is a renowned photographer, artist, filmmaker, model, and gay sex symbol.	peter berlin is a photographer, artist, filmmaker, model, and gay sex symbol.
the branch davidians are a bunch who originated from a schism in 1955 from the davidian seventh day adventists, themselves former members of the seventh-day adventist church who were excommunicated during the 1930s.	the branch davidians are a religious sect who originated from a schism in 1955 from the davidian seventh day adventists, themselves former members of the seventh-day adventist church who were excommunicated during the 1930s.
an individual's position concerning the complex ethical, moral, philosophical, biological, and legal issues which surround abortion is often related to their value system.	an individual's position concerning the complex ethical, moral, philosophical, biological, and legal issues which surround abortion is often related to his or her value system.
with his brother, herman, he entered the grain business and built several meat packing plants in the menomonee river valley.	with his brother, herman, he entered the grain business and built several meat packing plants in the menomonee valley.
maureen o'gara, a writer for linuxgram, wrote an expos expose aiming to unmask pamela jones' identity.	maureen o'gara, a writer for linuxgram, wrote an expos aiming to unmask pamela jones' identity.
fortunately the old boxee blog was not deleted but moved.	the old boxee blog was not deleted but moved.
his strongest scorn has often been directed at his more moderate fellow conservatives, justices sandra day o'connor and anthony kennedy, for reasons including what he saw as the former's equivocation on abortion and the latter's willingness to take persuasive guidance from foreign law in his opinions.	his strongest commentary has often been directed at his more moderate fellow conservatives, justices sandra day o'connor and anthony kennedy, for reasons including what he saw as the former's equivocation on abortion and the latter's willingness to take persuasive guidance from foreign law in his opinions.
"the liberal southern poverty law center considers dilorenzo one of the most important intellectuals ""who form the core of the modern neo-confederate movement""."	"the southern poverty law center considers dilorenzo one of the most important intellectuals ""who form the core of the modern neo-confederate movement""."
the first f.4 prototype flew on 17 may 1945. the f.4 had the rolls-royce derwent 5 engines (a smaller version of the famous nene), wings 86.4 cm shorter than the f.3's and with blunter tips (derived from the world speed record prototypes), a stronger airframe, fully pressurized cockpit, lighter ailerons (to improve maneuverability), and rudder trim adjustments to reduce snaking.	the first f.4 prototype flew on 17 may 1945. the f.4 had the rolls-royce derwent 5 engines (a smaller version of the nene), wings 86.4 cm shorter than the f.3's and with blunter tips (derived from the world speed record prototypes), a stronger airframe, fully pressurized cockpit, lighter ailerons (to improve maneuverability), and rudder trim adjustments to reduce snaking.
his four children include andrew cahn, formerly chef de cabinet of european commissioner neil kinnock and now the executive director of uk trade and investment, and alison cahn, formerly a well respected producer of television documentaries.	his four children include andrew cahn, formerly chef de cabinet of european commissioner neil kinnock and now the executive director of uk trade and investment, and alison cahn, formerly a respected producer of television documentaries.
george allen was responsible for the first african-american serving on the fourth circuit court of appeals, roger gregory, staying on the court when he had president george w. bush renominate gregory to the seat, and then led the effort to stop democrats from unfairly filibustering the appointee.	george allen was responsible for the first african-american serving on the fourth circuit court of appeals, roger gregory, staying on the court when he had president george w. bush renominate gregory to the seat, and then led the effort to stop democrats from filibustering the appointee.
the film also shows u.s. soldiers on film admitting to wp use against insurgents.	the film also shows u.s. soldiers on film confirming to wp use against insurgents.
however, a fascinating recent book argues that this position is erroneous and that other member state and european union public policy goals (such as public health and the environment) should also be considered there.	however, a recent book argues that this position is erroneous and that other member state and european union public policy goals (such as public health and the environment) should also be considered there.
parimelalagar, the annotator of the great tamil classic tirukkural, mentions that this could be the name of an ancient clan.	parimelalagar, the annotator of the tamil classic tirukkural, mentions that this could be the name of an ancient clan.
successive greek government policies refused to acknowledge the existence of an ethnic turkish community in northern greece, and insisted on referring to western thrace turks as greek muslims, falsely suggesting that they were not of ethnic turkish origin but were the descendants of ottoman-era greek converts to islam like the vallahades and other greek muslims of greek macedonia.	successive greek government policies refused to acknowledge the existence of an ethnic turkish community in northern greece, and insisted on referring to western thrace turks as greek muslims, suggesting that they were not of ethnic turkish origin but were the descendants of ottoman-era greek converts to islam like the vallahades and other greek muslims of greek macedonia.
"starred in the outstanding opening sequence to sky sports coverage of 2007 heineken cup final with a powerful performance, in an adaptation of the famous al pacino speech from ""any given sunday"", directed by jon wild."	"starred in the opening sequence to sky sports coverage of 2007 heineken cup final with a powerful performance, in an adaptation of the famous al pacino speech from ""any given sunday"", directed by jon wild."
territories annexed by poland (marked with pink)	territories regained by poland (marked with pink)
by these three routes we pass unavoidably by the villages of tuixn and josa del cad.	by these three routes we pass by the villages of tuixn and josa del cad.
"starring the chinese-born hong kong actress/ comedienne lydia shum as lydia lum, a popular hong kong restaurateur/caterer and widowed mother to two children - 13-year-old son jordan and 18-year-old daughter apple - are forced to find a new locale when her dim sum establishment is hit with a case of food poisoning after she hosted an event and is ordered by the authorities to close her business (she is labeled ""dim sum killer"" by her former patrons, even though she is unaware that someone falsely accused her so they can force her out of business)."	"starring the chinese-born hong kong actress/ comedian lydia shum as lydia lum, a popular hong kong restaurateur/caterer and widowed mother to two children - 13-year-old son jordan and 18-year-old daughter apple - are forced to find a new locale when her dim sum establishment is hit with a case of food poisoning after she hosted an event and is ordered by the authorities to close her business (she is labeled ""dim sum killer"" by her former patrons, even though she is unaware that someone falsely accused her so they can force her out of business)."
glory of the father), was the son of menoetius, grandson of actor, king of opus, and was achilles close comrade.	glory of the father), was the son of menoetius, grandson of actor, king of opus, and was achilles beloved comrade.
in bah'u'llh's will, he appointed `abdu'l-bah as his successor, and clearly made muhammad `ali subservient to `abdu'l-bah, mentioning him by name.	in bah'u'llh's will, he appointed `abdu'l-bah as his successor, and made muhammad `ali subservient to `abdu'l-bah, mentioning him by name.
concerned women for america is a disgusting conservative christian group that is active in politics in the united states.	concerned women for america is a conservative christian group that is active in politics in the united states.
unfortunately not all rootstocks are equally resistant.	not all rootstocks are equally resistant.
the registry is based on king edward vii avenue in cathays park, cardiff's prestigious civic centre.	the registry is based on king edward vii avenue in cathays park, cardiff's civic centre.
public distaste compelled him to apologize.	public pressure compelled him to apologize.
the debate still continues, however, because in november of 2006, michigan voters narrowly passed proposal 2, banning most affirmative action in university admissions.	the debate still continues, however, because in november of 2006, michigan voters passed proposal 2, banning most affirmative action in university admissions.
in a series of wars against the seminoles in florida, about 1,500 u.s. soldiers died tragically .	in a series of wars against the seminoles in florida, about 1,500 u.s. soldiers died.
the guardian angels' vigilantism drew strong reactions, both positive and negative, from the public and the media.	the guardian angels' activism drew strong reactions, both positive and negative, from the public and the media.
an avid golfer, backus actually made the 36-hole cut at the 1964 bing crosby pro-am tournament.	an avid golfer, backus made the 36-hole cut at the 1964 bing crosby pro-am tournament.
the rules of runequest, chaosium's first role-playing game, were distilled down into a generic, genre- agnostic format known as basic role-playing (brp).	the rules of runequest, chaosium's first role-playing game, were distilled down into a generic, genre- neutral format known as basic role-playing (brp).
on 24 july, the israel defense forces (idf) intercepted a syrian sukhoi fighter jet that they said had infiltrated about one mile into israeli airspace.	on 24 july, the israel defense forces (idf) intercepted a syrian sukhoi fighter jet that they said had crossed about one mile into israeli airspace.
the rivalry first emerged in the 1960s after a series of fiercely-contested and controversial matches, when the two clubs were frequently involved in the pursuit for domestic and european honours culminating in the epic 1970 fa cup final, which is regarded as one of the most physical matches in english football history.	the rivalry first emerged in the 1960s after a series of fiercely-contested and controversial matches, when the two clubs were frequently involved in the pursuit for domestic and european honours culminating in the 1970 fa cup final, which is regarded as one of the most physical matches in english football history.
libjdic.so and libtray.so: on solaris and gnu/ linux operating systems, these two files must go into the ld_library_path folder.	libjdic.so and libtray.so: on solaris and linux operating systems, these two files must go into the ld_library_path folder.
a bewildering range of transistors has been available since the 1960s and manufacturers continually introduce improved types.	a wide range of transistors has been available since the 1960s and manufacturers continually introduce improved types.
elkanah is a bigamist , his other wife, less favoured but bearing more children, was named peninnah.	elkanah is a polygamist , his other wife, less favoured but bearing more children, was named peninnah.
php the christian author albert mohler says couples are not given the option of chosen childlessness in the biblical revelation.	html the christian author albert mohler says couples are not given the option of chosen childlessness in the biblical revelation.
in 2002, harrelson was arrested in london after an incident in a taxi that ended in a bizarre police chase.	in 2002, harrelson was arrested in london after an incident in a taxi that ended in a police chase.
"now, through her website page entitled ""the writings of lori berenson,"" berenson issues commentaries including advocacy against the policies of the world bank and the international monetary fund, the war in iraq, and the maltreatment and torture of prisoners."	"now, through her website page entitled ""the writings of lori berenson,"" berenson issues commentaries including advocacy against the policies of the world bank and the international monetary fund, the war in iraq, and alleged maltreatment and torture of prisoners."
after the 2007 ames straw poll, some ron paul supporters are debating the unexpected results of the vote, which was administered through controversial diebold voting machines.	after the 2007 ames straw poll, some ron paul supporters are debating the results of the vote, which was administered through controversial diebold voting machines.
in-hye and tae-san's cute eight-year-old daughter who has leukemia.	in-hye and tae-san's eight-year-old daughter who has leukemia.
the liberal party of australia (lib or colloquially libs) is a right-wing political party in australia.	the liberal party of australia (lib or colloquially libs) is a major political party in australia.
in october 2012 naga, playing under her married name, won the prestigious hertfordshire de paula cup at bishops stortford golf club.	in october 2012 naga, playing under her married name, won the hertfordshire de paula cup at bishops stortford golf club.
international calls for the closure of this facility due to the torture perpetrated within have not been successful.	international calls for the closure of this facility due to acusations of torture perpetrated within have not been successful.
after a rumored buyout of the quakes by mexican powerhouse club amrica in january 2004, earthquakes general manager johnny moore resigned prior to the 2004 season and was replaced by former u.s. and galaxy defender alexi lalas.	after a rumored buyout of the quakes by mexican soccer side club amrica in january 2004, earthquakes general manager johnny moore resigned prior to the 2004 season and was replaced by former u.s. and galaxy defender alexi lalas.
consequently the animals were used in the cruel sport of badger-baiting.	consequently the animals were used in the sport of badger-baiting.
unfortunately governor ronald reagan saw the construction of people's park in ideological terms.	governor ronald reagan saw the construction of people's park in ideological terms.
unfortunately , the murder and ruth's arraignment also occurred during the 1955 general election campaign, which was won by the conservatives on a strongly pro-death-penalty platform.	however , the murder and ruth's arraignment also occurred during the 1955 general election campaign, which was won by the conservatives on a strongly pro-death-penalty platform.
deadpool (wade winston wilson) is a fictional antihero appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	deadpool (wade winston wilson) is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
bryan williams - former all black star	bryan williams - former all black
a degenerative disease is a disease in which the function or structure of the affected tissues or organs will progressively deteriorate over time, whether due to normal bodily wear or lifestyle choices such as exercise or eating habits.	a degenerative disease is a disease in which the function or structure of the affected tissues or organs will increasingly deteriorate over time, whether due to normal bodily wear or lifestyle choices such as exercise or eating habits.
after three attempts in the un, neither the united states nor any other major or space faring nation has signed or ratified the treaty, for fear that private exploitation of the moon and its resources would be hampered by the treaty.	after three attempts in the un, neither the united states nor any other major or space faring nation has signed or ratified the treaty, for fear that private use of the moon and its resources would be hampered by the treaty.
in january 2013, burchill wrote an article defending suzanne moore after a reference by moore to transsexuals had been greeted with a storm of criticism.	in january 2013, burchill wrote a transphobic article defending suzanne moore after a reference by moore to transsexuals had been greeted with a storm of criticism.
when suntour's rear derailleur patent expired, the design was promptly stolen by shimano.	when suntour's rear derailleur patent expired, the design was promptly copied by shimano.
eschatologists - devoted to the study of galactic gods, such as the solid state entity, and the study of events throughout galactic history pointing towards mankind 's purpose and destiny, should there be one.	eschatologists - devoted to the study of galactic gods, such as the solid state entity, and the study of events throughout galactic history pointing towards humanity 's purpose and destiny, should there be one.
muoz marn on , 1952. this was the anniversary of the , 1898, landing of u.s. troops in the puerto rican campaign of the spanishamerican war, until then imposed as an annual puerto rico holiday.	muoz marn on , 1952. this was the anniversary of the , 1898, landing of u.s. troops in the puerto rican campaign of the spanishamerican war, until then celebrated as an annual puerto rico holiday.
the public has become more aware of this plant through media reports pertaining to the united nations mission in somalia, where khat use is widespread, and its role in the persian gulf.	the international community has become more aware of this plant through media reports pertaining to the united nations mission in somalia, where khat use is widespread, and its role in the persian gulf.
bucking the continental trend toward greater democracy, equatorial guinea is essentially a single-party state, dominated by obiang's ironically-named democratic party of equatorial guinea (pdge).	bucking the continental trend toward greater democracy, equatorial guinea is essentially a single-party state, dominated by obiang's democratic party of equatorial guinea (pdge).
in the third group game against the netherlands gascoigne contributed to a memorable 4-1 victory, providing the corner which led to the second goal and crafting the third goal with a mazy run into the dutch penalty area.	in the third group game against the netherlands gascoigne contributed to a 4-1 victory, providing the corner which led to the second goal and crafting the third goal with a mazy run into the dutch penalty area.
"(the source of this ""space ship"" was merely a chrome-plated hood ornament from a mid-1950s chevrolet.)"	"(the source of this ""space ship"" was a chrome-plated hood ornament from a mid-1950s chevrolet.)"
brian smugly calls himself cupid for bringing joe and bonnie back together, but joe shoots him in the leg while kissing bonnie as retribution.	brian calls himself cupid for bringing joe and bonnie back together, but joe shoots him in the leg while kissing bonnie as retribution.
as marx observed (see also hilaire belloc) capitalism is also distinguished from other market economies with private ownership by the concentration of the means of production in the hands of a few.	as marx argued (see also hilaire belloc) capitalism is also distinguished from other market economies with private ownership by the concentration of the means of production in the hands of a few.
officer frank tenpenny is a extremely corrupt police officer of the los santos police department (lspd) and the head of c.r.a.s.h., serving as the main antagonist of the game.	officer frank tenpenny is a corrupt police officer of the los santos police department (lspd) and the head of c.r.a.s.h., serving as the main antagonist of the game.
"2007 gladys knight was declared the ""empress of soul"" and presented with the 16th annual ella award by the society of singers."	"2007 gladys knight was called the ""empress of soul"" and presented with the 16th annual ella award by the society of singers."
in response to criticism, spencer claims that none of his critics have substantiated their accusations of inaccuracy in his work, but content themselves with broad and vague accusations.	in response to criticism, spencer says that none of his critics have substantiated their accusations of inaccuracy in his work, but content themselves with broad and vague accusations.
ct. 1995), was a controversial 1995 u.s. new york supreme court decision which found that online service providers could be held liable for the speech of their users.	ct. 1995), was a 1995 u.s. new york supreme court decision which found that online service providers could be held liable for the speech of their users.
the organisation and its efforts grew from that one pond in chennai to include over 39 lakes and 48 ponds in tamil nadu, kerala, karnataka, andhra pradesh, telangana, pondicherry and gujarat in the last 10 years (2007 to 2017).	the organisation and its efforts grew from one pond in chennai to include over 39 lakes and 48 ponds in tamil nadu, kerala, karnataka, andhra pradesh, telangana, pondicherry and gujarat in the last 10 years (2007 to 2017).
on october 22, 1998, slepian had returned from synagogue and was preparing soup in his kitchen when he was shot in the back through a window.	on october 22, 1998, slepian had returned from synagogue and was preparing soup in his kitchen when he was shot in the shoulder through a window.
"bermudian footballer and manchester city legend shaun goater also lived in nailsea during his time playing for bristol city in 1996-98, as stated in his autobiography ""feed the goat."""	"bermudian footballer and manchester city player shaun goater also lived in nailsea during his time playing for bristol city in 1996-98, as stated in his autobiography ""feed the goat."""
he is the chief australian rules footballer writer for the advertiser, adelaide's premier newspaper.	he is the chief australian rules footballer writer for the advertiser, adelaide's only daily newspaper.
earlier, he was the president of the board of trustees of his beloved alma mater, the university of wyoming at laramie in albany county, then the state's only four-year institution of higher learning.	earlier, he was the president of the board of trustees of his alma mater, the university of wyoming at laramie in albany county, then the state's only four-year institution of higher learning.
"considered by most critics to be one of the best songs written during his ""born-again"" period , ""angelina"" is the classic dylan work in which obscure yet meaningful poetry and a seemingly all-encompassing vision take on mankind 's most pressing problems, all the while making for a pleasant listen."	"considered by most critics to be one of the best songs written during his ""born-again"" period , ""angelina"" is the classic dylan work in which obscure yet meaningful poetry and a seemingly all-encompassing vision take on humanity 's most pressing problems, all the while making for a pleasant listen."
...that when the great italian medalist and sculptor leone leoni was accused of counterfeiting by pope paul iii's jeweler in 1540, he came so close to killing the man that he was sent to the galleys?	...that when the italian medalist and sculptor leone leoni was accused of counterfeiting by pope paul iii's jeweler in 1540, he came so close to killing the man that he was sent to the galleys?
"allison ""allie"" hamilton, a fictional character from the beloved book and movie, the notebook"	"allison ""allie"" hamilton, a fictional character from the book and movie, the notebook"
"irreducible complexity is the controversial argument that certain biological systems are absolutely too complex to have evolved naturally from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."	"irreducible complexity is the discredited argument that certain biological systems are absolutely too complex to have evolved naturally from simpler, or ""less complete"" predecessors."
"although the trio performed for the tv show the talk in february 2011, their major american premier was on may 19, 2011, where they performed their flawless rendition of the neapolitan standard ""'o sole mio"" on the american idol top 3 results show."	"although the trio performed for the tv show the talk in february 2011, their major american premier was on may 19, 2011, where they performed their rendition of the neapolitan standard ""'o sole mio"" on the american idol top 3 results show."
opposition to the bnp ranges from organisations such as the socialist workers party to anti-democracy groups such as searchlight and unite against fascism.	opposition to the bnp ranges from organisations such as the socialist workers party to groups such as searchlight and unite against fascism.
the southern television broadcast interruption hoax was a broadcast interruption through the hannington transmitter of the independent broadcasting authority in the united kingdom at 5:10 pm on 26 november 1977. the transmission itself claimed to be from an extraterrestrial being.	the southern television broadcast interruption was a broadcast interruption through the hannington transmitter of the independent broadcasting authority in the united kingdom at 5:10 pm on 26 november 1977. the transmission itself claimed to be from an extraterrestrial being.
slavery: a problem in american institutional and intellectual life (1959), based on elkins' doctoral dissertation at columbia university, was theoretically innovative and enormously influential in the years after its publication, although its arguments are largely rejected today.	slavery: a problem in american institutional and intellectual life (1959), based on elkins' doctoral dissertation at columbia university, was theoretically innovative and enormously influential in the years after its publication, although its arguments are largely superseded today.
even with the still- continuing miracle of the manna, the archdiocese of bari has allowed for one scientific survey of the bones.	even with the allegedly continuing miracle of the manna, the archdiocese of bari has allowed for one scientific survey of the bones.
"merely being treated by a psychiatrist or taking prescribed psychiatric medication may lead to one being declared ""suppressive""."	"being treated by a psychiatrist or taking prescribed psychiatric medication may lead to one being declared ""suppressive""."
mormon culture due to their sexual orientation or from having sexual liberal views that challenge predominant mormon conformism and political attitudes are also cited reasons.	mormon culture due to their sexual orientation or from having liberal views that challenge predominant mormon conformism and political attitudes are also cited reasons.
the sawed-off law was the law used against randy weaver in the case that lead to the ruby ridge tragedy .	the sawed-off law was the law used against randy weaver in the case that lead to the ruby ridge incident .
it also served to disprove freud's theory of penis envy among women and freed women from being strictly confined to the role of a housewife during the post-war economic expansion.	it also served to critique freud's theory of penis envy among women and freed women from being strictly confined to the role of a housewife during the post-war economic expansion.
the wartime attempts to destroy polish culture may ironically have strengthened it instead.	the wartime attempts to destroy polish culture may have strengthened it instead.
yolande trueman (previously duke) is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by angela wynter.	yolande trueman (previously duke) is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by angela wynter.
commercial success has unfortunately been elusive, and they have left behind them a series of unpaid employees and creditors.	commercial success has been elusive, and they have left behind them a series of unpaid employees and creditors.
the car also proved uncomfortable for some lady drivers due to the lack of power steering, a fact toyota picked up on and quickly retrofitted its mr2 line to have.	the car also proved uncomfortable for some drivers due to the lack of power steering, a fact toyota picked up on and quickly retrofitted its mr2 line to have.
archetypal images supposedly universal symbols that can mediate opposites in the psyche, often found in religious art, mythology and fairy tales across cultures	archetypal images universal symbols that can mediate opposites in the psyche, often found in religious art, mythology and fairy tales across cultures
the best traditional samsa is often baked in the tandoor, which is a special clay oven.	the traditional samsa is often baked in the tandoor, which is a special clay oven.
the burnett county airport is located 3 miles north of siren.	the burnett county airport is located three miles north of siren.
the success of the album, however, took its toll on jeff mangum, and the band went on hiatus shortly after its release.	the success of the album, however, took its toll on mangum, and the band went on hiatus shortly after its release.
kismet , also known as paragon, her, and ayesha , is a fictional superheroine appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	kismet , also known as paragon, her, and ayesha , is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
owen turner is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lee ross.	owen turner is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by lee ross.
the latter were intended to counteract the increasing hegemony of labour zionism over community services via the histadrut and address the alleged refusal of the histradut to make its services available to revisionist party members.	the latter were intended to counteract the increasing hegemony of labour zionism over community services via the histadrut and address the refusal of the histradut to make its services available to revisionist party members.
the diagram at right shows stress distribution in an ideal blade with a rectangular section, with only a small amount of shear stress present at the neutral axis.	the diagram at right shows stress distribution in an ideal blade with a rectangular section, with only a small amount of normal stress present at the neutral axis.
there is great fishing in the san joaquin river at antioch/oakley regional shoreline, located just upstream from highway 160's nejedly bridge.	there is fishing in the san joaquin river at antioch/oakley regional shoreline, located just upstream from highway 160's nejedly bridge.
"as is common with lehrer's songs, the self-described ""corncrake-voiced"" delivery is accompanied by a series of dire rhymes."	"as is common with lehrer's songs, the self-described ""corncrake-voiced"" delivery is accompanied by a series of contrived rhymes."
maria charles (born 22 september 1929) is an english film, television and stage actress, director and comedienne .	maria charles (born 22 september 1929) is an english film, television and stage actress, director and comedian .
fillion will play famous love interest steve trevor in the upcoming animated wonder woman film.	fillion will play love interest steve trevor in the upcoming animated wonder woman film.
the film opened to overwhelmingly positive reviews.	the film opened to highly positive reviews.
elvira arellano (born 1975) is a mexican citizen from san miguel curahuango, michoacn, famous for living illegally in the united states.	elvira arellano (born 1975) is a mexican citizen from san miguel curahuango, michoacn, notable for living illegally in the united states.
the chamber is staffed with right-wing policy specialists, lobbyists and lawyers.	the chamber is staffed with policy specialists, lobbyists and lawyers.
perhaps the most famous unreleased rock and roll album of all time, the beach boys' smile (sometimes spelled with the idiosyncratic capitalization smile, derived from the lettering on the original cover) was intended to follow up (and surpass) their influential 1966 album pet sounds, but was never completed in its original form.	perhaps the most famous unreleased rock and roll album of all time, the beach boys' smile (sometimes spelled with the capitalization smile, derived from the lettering on the original cover) was intended to follow up (and surpass) their influential 1966 album pet sounds, but was never completed in its original form.
however, all of these generals were let of the hook as hamoodur rahman report was never published and the culprits never tried.	however, all of these generals were let of the hook as hamoodur rahman report was never published and the accused never tried.
john campbell was asked to fill in at the last minute, but he remained as the main 3 news weekday newsreader, together with carol hirschfeld, for the next seven years and is now one of new zealand's most respected broadcasters.	john campbell was asked to fill in at the last minute, but he remained as the main 3 news weekday newsreader, together with carol hirschfeld, for the next seven years and is now one of new zealand's most well known broadcasters.
it acquired its current location at glen eyrie through billy graham's contacting trotman about the then-vacant property, which was up for sale in 1950. a fundraising call was put out to friends of the navigators, and the money needed to purchase the site was miraculously obtained within a tight deadline, allowing the sale to the group to be completed.	it acquired its current location at glen eyrie through billy graham's contacting trotman about the then-vacant property, which was up for sale in 1950. a fundraising call was put out to friends of the navigators, and the money needed to purchase the site was obtained within a tight deadline, allowing the sale to the group to be completed.
"the prime minister of israel, ehud olmert said that ""we do not negotiate with terrorists"", implying that israel will not negotiate the release of shalit with his kidnappers ."	"the prime minister of israel, ehud olmert said that ""we do not negotiate with terrorists"", implying that israel will not negotiate the release of shalit with his captors ."
since the september 11 attacks, the united states government has carried out drone strikes in pakistan (see drone strikes in pakistan), yemen (see drone strikes in yemen), somalia (see drone strikes in somalia), afghanistan, and libya (see drone strikes in libya).	increased drone strike usage started following the september 11 attacks, the united states government has carried out drone strikes in pakistan (see drone strikes in pakistan), yemen (see drone strikes in yemen), somalia (see drone strikes in somalia), afghanistan, and libya (see drone strikes in libya).
humans are great apes and are one of the species in the family hominidae along with only a few other species.	humans have been classified by biologists as great apes and are one of the species in the family hominidae along with only a few other species.
the only original sexy character still in the show, tony was married to mandy.	the only original character still in the show, tony was married to mandy.
the vmkernel microkernel handles cpu and memory directly itself: one can assume that it uses scan-before-execution (sbe) to handle special or privileged cpu instructions.	the vmkernel handles cpu and memory directly itself: one can assume that it uses scan-before-execution (sbe) to handle special or privileged cpu instructions.
"likewise, famed historian w g beasley, states ""the nature of this document, as published variously in english and chinese, does not carry conviction as to its authenticity""."	"likewise, historian w g beasley, states ""the nature of this document, as published variously in english and chinese, does not carry conviction as to its authenticity""."
most allegations of inconsistency relate to contradictions in the narrative .	most questions of inconsistency relate to contradictions in the narrative.
however, spongebob summons them all back as he sings a wonderful song in honor of the krusty krab to the tune of o tannenbaum.	however, spongebob summons them all back as he sings a song in honor of the krusty krab to the tune of o tannenbaum.
such connection with the unification church has resulted in good publicity for the university.	such connection with the unification church has resulted in publicity for the university.
cain has been cited as one of the primary saboteurs of the 1993/1994 health care plan of president bill clinton and first lady hillary rodham clinton:	cain has been cited as one of the primary opponents of the 1993/1994 health care plan of president bill clinton and first lady hillary rodham clinton:
leaf extracts have been used to reduce fever, relieve indigestion and flatulence and as a cardio-tonic.	leaf extracts have been thought to reduce fever, relieve indigestion and flatulence and as a cardio-tonic.
the standard library has two modules (itertools and functools) that implement proven functional tools borrowed from haskell and standard ml.	the standard library has two modules (itertools and functools) that implement functional tools borrowed from haskell and standard ml.
on the issue of gun control , bradley, who noted that 13 american children were being killed by guns every day, proposed strict laws banning saturday night specials and assault weapons and requiring that every handgun in the united states be put on a national registery.	on the issue of gun politics, bradley, who noted that 13 american children were being killed by guns every day, proposed strict laws banning saturday night specials and assault weapons and requiring that every handgun in the united states be put on a national registery.
"similarly, liberal examples have also often occurred, such as delivered by ray nagin, with his ""chocolate city"" speech on martin luther king day, 2006, and by senator ted kennedy with his tirade on the us senate floor against judge samuel alito in january 2006 during the samuel alito supreme court nomination proceedings, prior to the vote that confirmed judge alito as an associate justice of the us supreme court."	"similarly, liberal examples have also often occurred, such as delivered by ray nagin, with his ""chocolate city"" speech on martin luther king day, 2006, and by senator ted kennedy with his empassioned speech on the us senate floor against judge samuel alito in january 2006 during the samuel alito supreme court nomination proceedings, prior to the vote that confirmed judge alito as an associate justice of the us supreme court."
structured upon the christian virtues of faith, hope and charity, religio medici while predominantly upon the christian faith is also a psychological self-portrait.	structured upon the christian virtues of faith, hope and charity, religio medici while thematically upon the christian faith is also a psychological self-portrait.
arthur conte suggests that yatrids' adolescent and child canvas painted in 1963 has a slab remarkably similar to that of kubrick.	arthur conte suggests that yatrids' adolescent and child canvas painted in 1963 has a slab similar to that of kubrick.
the idea that genesis is literally accurate is not universally held within christianity, being associated principally with protestant fundamentalist and extreme evangelical sects in the united states.	the idea that genesis is literally accurate is not universally held within christianity, being associated principally with protestant fundamentalist and evangelical sects in the united states.
another fascinating divergence from the old series is that the cylons now have a monotheistic religion of their own devising, in contrast to the polytheistic beliefs of the human colonists, who worship a pantheon of gods including zeus, artemis, apollo, and aphrodite.	another divergence from the old series is that the cylons now have a monotheistic religion of their own devising, in contrast to the polytheistic beliefs of the human colonists, who worship a pantheon of gods including zeus, artemis, apollo, and aphrodite.
the name traces its origin centuries back to catholic peruvian fisherman, who named the weather phenomenon as a reference to the newborn christ.	the name traces its origin centuries back to peruvian fisherman, who named the weather phenomenon as a reference to the newborn christ.
radulphe, 12th century french monk who called for the murder of jews	radulphe, 12th century french monk who called for the killing of jews
chief justice rehnquist's dissenting opinion began with a legitimate concern—that rapidly advancing technology would soon make it very difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish between pornography made with actual children and pornography made with simulated images of children.	chief justice rehnquist's dissenting opinion began with a concern—that rapidly advancing technology would soon make it very difficult, if not impossible, to distinguish between pornography made with actual children and pornography made with simulated images of children.
this was a result of the disastrous dubbing of miyazaki's nausica of the valley of wind when the film was released in the united states as warriors of the wind.	this was a result of the dubbing of miyazaki's nausica of the valley of wind when the film was released in the united states as warriors of the wind.
today it is conventionally cited as the starting point of russian romanticism.	today it is cited as the starting point of russian romanticism.
the outlawing or severe restriction of abortion, overturning roe vs. wade, and opposition to legalization of euthanasia.	the outlawing or severe restriction of abortion, reversing roe vs. wade, and opposition to legalization of euthanasia.
this song also has a wonderful clip to it.	this song also has a clip to it.
the japanese forces is said to have carried out torture on thousands of local inhabitants during the occupation, and some historians inexplicably apportion the blame to subhas bose's provisional government.	the japanese forces is said to have carried out torture on thousands of local inhabitants during the occupation, and some historians apportion the blame to subhas bose's provisional government.
the simon necronomicon (or simonicon) is the best-known of the many real necronomicon claimants.	the simon necronomicon (or simonicon) is the best-known of the many necronomicon claimants.
the dillinger escape plan is an american great band from morris plains, new jersey.	the dillinger escape plan is an american mathcore band from morris plains, new jersey.
"for example, california's ""three strikes"" proposition intended for violent felons, has sent a number of persons to prison for life for included offenses as small as stealing pizza."	"for example, california's ""three strikes"" proposition intended for violent felons, has sent a number of persons to prison for life for offenses as small as stealing pizza."
after his father's passing while shapiro was a teenager the restaurant was passed down to him and his brother, bernard.	after his father's death while shapiro was a teenager the restaurant was passed down to him and his brother, bernard.
in 1977, his brother jos scioli was kidnapped by a cell of the montoneros terrorist group.	in 1977, his brother jos scioli was kidnapped by a cell of the montoneros guerrilla group.
they remain active, finding food by burrowing through the snow and utilising grasses clipped and stored in anticipation .	they remain active, finding food by burrowing through the snow and utilising grasses clipped and stored in advance .
nonetheless, her testimony was brilliant.	nonetheless, her testimony could be brilliant.
unfortunately the 1023 service from waterloo to farnham is disrupted due to a commuter service because the line between alton and farnham is single, with a passing place at bentley and worked on the track circuit block system.	as a result the 1023 service from waterloo to farnham is disrupted due to a commuter service because the line between alton and farnham is single, with a passing place at bentley and worked on the track circuit block system.
according to the sheriff's statement, gibson was detained while driving along the pacific coast highway in malibu at 2:36 am, and spouted expletives, sexist, and extremely anti-semitic comments.	according to the sheriff's statement, gibson was detained while driving along the pacific coast highway in malibu at 2:36 am, and spouted expletives, sexist, and anti-semitic comments.
the iivi was, on some benchmarks, faster than the crippled iivx.	the iivi was, on some benchmarks, faster than the iivx.
the season was overshadowed by many injuries, in particular the injury to all-star paul pierce, which caused him to miss 7 weeks, and the deaths of celtic legends red auerbach and dennis johnson.	the season was overshadowed by many injuries, in particular the injury to all-star paul pierce, which caused him to miss 7 weeks, and the deaths of celtic figures red auerbach and dennis johnson.
after the illegal podgorica assembly has declared unification with serbia and dethroned the petrovi-njego dynasty, popovi dismissed and declared its decisions nullified and void.	after the podgorica assembly has declared unification with serbia and dethroned the petrovi-njego dynasty, popovi dismissed and declared its decisions nullified and void.
roseanne barr, american actress and comedienne	roseanne barr, american actress and comedian
building started on $75 million 130,000 square-foot (12,000 m2) harley-davidson museum in the menomonee river valley on june 1, 2006. it opened in 2008 and houses the company's vast collection of historic motorcycles and corporate archives, along with a restaurant, caf and meeting space.	building started on $75 million 130,000 square-foot (12,000 m2) harley-davidson museum in the menomonee valley on june 1, 2006. it opened in 2008 and houses the company's vast collection of historic motorcycles and corporate archives, along with a restaurant, caf and meeting space.
many holding the pro-life position also tend toward a complementarian view of gender roles, though there is also a significant feminist element inside the movement.	many holding the pro-life position also tend toward a complementarian view of gender roles, though there is also a self-described feminist element inside the movement.
such guerrilla groups included the irish republican army; prior to the 2003 invasion of iraq, saddam hussein released a propaganda video demonstrating slingshots as a possible weapon for insurgents to use against imperialist forces.	such guerrilla groups included the irish republican army; prior to the 2003 invasion of iraq, saddam hussein released a propaganda video demonstrating slingshots as a possible weapon for insurgents to use against invading forces.
pennsylvania avenue is a street in washington, d.c., the capital of the united states.	pennsylvania avenue is an important street in washington, d.c., the capital of the united states.
some analysts claim that the aznar administration lost the general elections as a result of the handling and representation of the terrorist attacks, rather than the bombings per se.	some analysts consider that the aznar administration lost the general elections as a result of the handling and representation of the terrorist attacks, rather than the bombings per se.
marshal of the soviet union georgy konstantinovich zhukov (; 18 june 1974), was a soviet career officer in the red army who, in the course of world war ii, played a pivotal role in leading the red army drive through much of eastern europe to liberate the soviet union and other nations from the brutal occupation of the axis powers, and ultimately, to conquer the capital of germany itself, berlin.	marshal of the soviet union georgy konstantinovich zhukov (; 18 june 1974), was a soviet career officer in the red army who, in the course of world war ii, played a pivotal role in leading the red army drive through much of eastern europe to liberate the soviet union and other nations from the occupation of the axis powers, and ultimately, to conquer the capital of germany itself, berlin.
karposhs rebellion or karposhs uprising is a bulgarian anti-ottoman uprising in the central balkans that took place in october 1689. karposh, the rebellion leader was born in ottoman macedonia, probably in the village of vojnica, in today aka municipality, under the name peter.	karposhs rebellion or karposhs uprising is a christian anti-ottoman uprising in the central balkans that took place in october 1689. karposh, the rebellion leader was born in ottoman macedonia, probably in the village of vojnica, in today aka municipality, under the name peter.
central barrow refers to the town centre of barrow-in-furness, lancashire , north west england, uk.	central barrow refers to the town centre of barrow-in-furness, cumbria , north west england, uk.
"improvised ""homemade"" mortars have been used by terrorist groups (usually to attack fortified military installations) in some countries."	"improvised ""homemade"" mortars have been used by insurgent groups (usually to attack fortified military installations) in some countries."
in february 2018, domnguez was the subject of an expos in the chronicle of higher education alleging a continued pattern of sexual harassment since the 1980s.	in february 2018, domnguez was the subject of an article in the chronicle of higher education alleging a continued pattern of sexual harassment since the 1980s.
specifically, syntactic salt is a hoop the programmer must jump through just to prove that he knows what's going on, rather than to express a program action.	specifically, syntactic salt is a hoop the programmer must jump through just to prove that sie knows what's going on, rather than to express a program action.
halkbank's general manager was arrested and charged with corruption in december 2013. the arrest, which came along with numerous other arrests of officials allied with prime minister recep tayyip erdoan, is seen as part of a power struggle between the prime minister and u.s.-based turkish religious leader fethullah glen.	halkbank's general manager was arrested and charged with corruption in december 2013. the arrest, which came along with many other arrests of officials allied with prime minister recep tayyip erdoan, is seen as part of a power struggle between the prime minister and u.s.-based turkish religious leader fethullah glen.
earlham college is a very selective quaker liberal arts college in richmond, indiana.	earlham college is a selective quaker liberal arts college in richmond, indiana.
rose was a featured character in the 1975 musical film funny lady, a sequel to funny girl, which is about ziegfeld comedienne fanny brice.	rose was a featured character in the 1975 musical film funny lady, a sequel to funny girl, which is about ziegfeld comedian fanny brice.
a pleasant retail park was opened in 2002 called two rivers which is bisected by the confluence of the rivers wraysbury and colne.	a retail park was opened in 2002 called two rivers which is bisected by the confluence of the rivers wraysbury and colne.
anti-irish feeling at the time was so bad that irish people were forced to live in the slums of the cowgate and the grassmarket which became known as 'little ireland'.	anti-irish feeling at the time was so prevalent that irish people were forced to live in the slums of the cowgate and the grassmarket which became known as 'little ireland'.
jews around the world commemorate this legendary event every year in the holiday of purim.	jews around the world commemorate this event every year in the holiday of purim.
the hand-picked republican nominee, mark kennedy, announced he has $966,000 in the bank.	the presumptive republican nominee, mark kennedy, announced he has $966,000 in the bank.
khawaja muhammad zaman of luari sharif (1713 - 1775 ad : 1125 - 1188 ah) was a sufi saint of sindh and a poet.	khawaja muhammad zaman of luari (1713 - 1775 ad : 1125 - 1188 ah) was a sufi saint of sindh and a poet.
with the election of 2016 being a pivotal point in the discussion of race relations, president donald trump has insinuated that much of the discourse and violence surrounding race relations in the united states has been prompted by increasingly vocal black activist groups, such as black lives matter, as reported by cnn.	with the election of 2016 being a pivotal point in the discussion of race relations, president donald trump has suggested that much of the discourse and violence surrounding race relations in the united states has been prompted by increasingly vocal black activist groups, such as black lives matter, as reported by cnn.
since israel's unilateral disengagement from gaza, initiated by former prime minister ariel sharon, right wing segments of the religious zionist community have begun to recite kinot to commemorate the expulsion of jewish settlers from gush katif and northern samaria on the day after tisha b'av, in 2005.	since israel's unilateral disengagement from gaza, initiated by former prime minister ariel sharon, right wing segments of the religious zionist community have begun to recite kinot to commemorate the expulsion of jewish settlers from gush katif and northern west bank on the day after tisha b'av, in 2005.
"the ""war of northern aggression"" has been used by those who questionably maintain that the union side was the belligerent party in the war."	"the ""war of northern aggression"" has been used by those who maintain that the union side was the belligerent party in the war."
get johnny week was a week-long storyline in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, which occurred at the end of march 2006. the storyline involved the characters of johnny and ruby allen, grant and phil mitchell, and jake and danny moon.	get johnny week was a week-long storyline in the bbc soap opera eastenders, which occurred at the end of march 2006. the storyline involved the characters of johnny and ruby allen, grant and phil mitchell, and jake and danny moon.
in 2005 they toured with alternative legends duran duran.	in 2005 they toured with alternative band duran duran.
seyfried has revealed that she suffers from anxiety and panic attacks.	seyfried has stated that she suffers from anxiety and panic attacks.
betty fussell's career began with her biography of silent film comedienne mabel normand.	betty fussell's career began with her biography of silent film comedian mabel normand.
roseann teresa o'donnell (born march 21, 1962) is an american comedian, talk show host, and actress.	roseann teresa o'donnell (born march 21, 1962) is a homosexual american comedian, talk show host, and actress.
in another tragic incident, on january 28 1964, a mig-19 shot down a t-39 sabreliner which had strayed into east german airspace while on a training mission; all three crewmembers were killed.	in another incident, on january 28 1964, a mig-19 shot down a t-39 sabreliner which had strayed into east german airspace while on a training mission; all three crewmembers were killed.
morro strand state beach is located two miles south of cayucos on highway 1 and is a coastal frontage park featuring outstanding picnic sites.	morro strand state beach is located two miles south of cayucos on highway 1 and is a coastal frontage park featuring picnic sites.
openly lesbian osaka prefectural assembly woman kanako otsuji has been quoted as saying:	lesbian osaka prefectural assembly woman kanako otsuji has been quoted as saying:
it envisages the memorizing of the holy quran over a period of 5 years without disturbing the regular studies of the pupils.	it envisages the memorizing of the quran over a period of 5 years without disturbing the regular studies of the pupils.
"rainn, one of north america's leading anti-sexual violence organizations, in a report detailing recommendations to the white house on combating rape on college campuses, decries an overemphasis on the concept of rape culture as a means of preventing rape and as a cause for rape, saying, ""in the last few years, there has been an unfortunate trend towards blaming 'rape culture' for the extensive problem of sexual violence on campuses."	"rainn, one of north america's leading anti-sexual violence organizations, in a report detailing recommendations to the white house on combating rape on college campuses, identifies problems with an overemphasis on the concept of rape culture as a means of preventing rape and as a cause for rape, saying, ""in the last few years, there has been an unfortunate trend towards blaming 'rape culture' for the extensive problem of sexual violence on campuses."
in 1973, it was featured in the movie walking tall, based on the life of legendary mcnairy county sheriff buford pusser.	in 1973, it was featured in the movie walking tall, based on the life of mcnairy county sheriff buford pusser.
"the battles of rzhev were a series of soviet operations in world war ii between january 8, 1942 and march 31, 1943. due to the horrific losses suffered by the red army, the campaign became known by veterans and historians as the ""rzhev meat grinder"" ."	"the battles of rzhev were a series of soviet operations in world war ii between january 8, 1942 and march 31, 1943. due to the high losses suffered by the red army, the campaign became known by veterans and historians as the ""rzhev meat grinder"" ."
jenny slate as donna stern, a comedienne who works at a bookstore	jenny slate as donna stern, a comedian who works at a bookstore
stephen lee defeated surprise finalist marco fu to win his first ranking title.	stephen lee defeated finalist marco fu to win his first ranking title.
elizabeth donald (born 1975) is an award-winning american author, best known for writing horror and science fiction, including the nocturnal urges vampire mystery series.	elizabeth donald (born 1975) is an american author, best known for writing horror and science fiction, including the nocturnal urges vampire mystery series.
steven siro vai (born june 6, 1960 in carle place, new york) is an american guitarist virtuoso , composer, and record producer, notable for having received a grammy award (along with nine nominations) and being cited as an influence by many guitarists from the 1980s and onwards.	steven siro vai (born june 6, 1960 in carle place, new york) is an american guitarist, composer, and record producer, notable for having received a grammy award (along with nine nominations) and being cited as an influence by many guitarists from the 1980s and onwards.
instead, the racist nazi ideologues saw the future of the east as one of settlement by german colonists, with the natives killed, expelled, or reduced to slave labour.	instead, the nazi ideologues saw the future of the east as one of settlement by german colonists, with the natives killed, expelled, or reduced to slave labour.
remote control was notable for the bizarre way in which contestants were eliminated from play.	remote control was notable for the way in which contestants were eliminated from play.
india has special laws enacted, by the efforts of planners which give mongers higher rights as compared to legitimate businessmen.	india has special laws enacted, by the efforts of planners which give mongers higher rights as compared to other businessmen.
the soviet mountain republic (russian: , part of rsfsr) existed from january 20, 1921 to july 7, 1924. it was formed from the mountainous republic of the northern caucasus after the soviet red army liberated that country.	the soviet mountain republic (russian: , part of rsfsr) existed from january 20, 1921 to july 7, 1924. it was formed from the mountainous republic of the northern caucasus after the soviet red army invaded and installed their own government of that country.
investigations in number, data, and space is a complete k-5 mathematics curriculum, developed at terc in cambridge, massachusetts.	investigations in number, data, and space is a k-5 mathematics curriculum, developed at terc in cambridge, massachusetts.
the anglo-irish treaty itself also gave the irish much more freedom than many other dominions.	the anglo-irish treaty itself also gave the irish much more independence than many other dominions.
shitislam is the second largest denomination of the religion of islam.	' shi ' a islam ', also shi`ite islam or shi`ism is the second largest denomination of the religion of islam.
greg and co-worker nick stokes have remained affectionate since the first season.	greg and co-worker nick stokes have remained brotherly since the first season.
aditionally , some hindu sects like arya samaj do not believe in using murtis as a way to focus on god since they worship god without attributes as nirguna brahman.	besides , some hindu sects like arya samaj do not believe in using murtis as a way to focus on god since they worship god without attributes as nirguna brahman.
a perfect modern example of an embedded system.	a modern example of an embedded system.
italy has affected the cultural and social development of the whole mediterranean area, deeply influencing european culture as well.	italy has shaped the cultural and social development of the whole mediterranean area, deeply influencing european culture as well.
"the new testament, (especially the book of acts, but see also historical reliability of the acts of the apostles) records the church slowly abandoning the ""ritual laws"" of judaism, such as circumcision, sabbath and kosher law, while remaining in full agreement on adherence to the ""divine law"", or jewish laws on morality."	"the new testament, (especially the book of acts, but see also historical reliability of the acts of the apostles) is interpreted by some as recording the church slowly abandoning the ""ritual laws"" of judaism, such as circumcision, sabbath and kosher law, while remaining in full agreement on adherence to the ""divine law"", or jewish laws on morality."
its release also saw the biggest launch of a game in the first half of 2017, only behind tom clancy's ghost recon wildlands.	its release also saw the biggest launch of a game in the first half of 2017, behind tom clancy's ghost recon wildlands.
art of scrying	process of scrying
she and robbins are both involved in extreme progressive/liberal political causes.	she and robbins are both involved in progressive/liberal political causes.
frito-lay company's product line includes such brands as fritos, doritos, ruffles, lay's, funyuns and other less known tasty brands.	frito-lay company's product line includes such brands as fritos, doritos, ruffles, lay's, funyuns and other less known brands.
"one likely factor was the film's use of various jewish shiboleths (such as ""use it in good health"") which appealed to the heavily jewish motion picture academy, but went unnoticed by mainsteam audiences."	"one possible factor was the film's use of various jewish shiboleths (such as ""use it in good health"") which appealed to the heavily jewish motion picture academy, but went unnoticed by mainsteam audiences."
"commonly misunderstood by the residents, taiwan has a fake ""8 hours working per day"" policy that is adopted over the island."	"commonly misunderstood by the residents, taiwan has a ""8 hours working per day"" policy that is adopted over the island."
however, some detractors noted that the show's humor carried undertones of sexism, racism, antisemitism, and homophobia.	however, some detractors suggested that the show's humor carried undertones of sexism, racism, antisemitism, and homophobia.
lena mary calhoun horne (june 30, 1917 may 9, 2010) was an african american awardwinning jazz and pop music singer, dancer, actress, and civil rights activist.	lena mary calhoun horne (june 30, 1917 may 9, 2010) was an african american jazz and pop music singer, dancer, actress, and civil rights activist.
on september 20, 2010, hatch once again attempted to outlaw websites which could be used for trademark and copyright infringement through the controversial combating online infringement and counterfeits act (coica).	on september 20, 2010, hatch once again attempted to outlaw websites which could be used for trademark and copyright infringement through the combating online infringement and counterfeits act (coica).
in 2007 westfield announced major expansion plans which would increase the gross leaseable area to over , adding anchor stores bloomingdale's and neiman marcus, 100 world-class shops, and a 3000 space parking structure.	in 2007 westfield announced major expansion plans which would increase the gross leaseable area to over , adding anchor stores bloomingdale's and neiman marcus, 100 shops, and a 3000 space parking structure.
essie mae washington-williams (born october 12, 1925) is the oldest known daughter of segregationist strom thurmond.	essie mae washington-williams (born october 12, 1925) is the oldest known daughter of united states politician strom thurmond.
as one adjunct to data, the imdb offers a crude rating scale which allows users to rate films by choosing one of ten categories in the range 1-10, with each user able to submit one rating.	as one adjunct to data, the imdb offers a rating scale which allows users to rate films by choosing one of ten categories in the range 1-10, with each user able to submit one rating.
"in the 1960s, a number of inauthentic ""indian"" foods were developed, including the infamous ""chicken tikka masala""."	"in the 1960s, a number of inauthentic ""indian"" foods were developed, including the widely popular ""chicken tikka masala""."
the third major jewish tribe in medina, banu qurayza was eliminated after allegedly betraying the muslims during the battle of the trench.	the third major jewish tribe in medina, banu qurayza was eliminated after betraying the muslims during the battle of the trench.
below is an overview of these claims as well as refutations to them from various sources:	below is an overview of these claims as well as responses to them from various sources:
december 11 - teri garr, american actress and comedienne	december 11 - teri garr, american actress and comedian
film4 is a free british digital television channel, owned and operated by channel 4, which screens high-quality films.	film4 is a free british digital television channel, owned and operated by channel 4, which screens films.
when apocalypse awakens after several millennia, he is disillusioned with the world as he finds it, and recruits a team of powerful mutants to cleanse humanity and create a new world order, over which he will reign.	when apocalypse awakens after several millennia, he is disillusioned with the world as he finds it, and recruits a team of mutants to cleanse humanity and create a new world order, over which he will reign.
come, which is frequently misspelled as cum in slang usage meaning orgasm, semen or vaginal secretion	come, which is frequently spelled as cum in slang usage meaning orgasm, semen or vaginal secretion
two days earlier, it had warned that hostess would liquidate unless the bctgm union, who were striking in protest against a new contract imposed in bankruptcy court, returned to work, due to greedy executives who took 80% pay increases on the backs of the bakery workers and company that was struggling.	two days earlier, it had warned that hostess would liquidate unless the bctgm union, who were striking in protest against a new contract imposed in bankruptcy court, returned to work, due to executives who took 80% pay increases on the backs of the bakery workers and company that was struggling.
writer david horowitz draws a fallacious distinction between whiteness studies and other disciplines.	writer david horowitz draws a distinction between whiteness studies and other disciplines.
here are four reasonable objections regarding what the apostle paul is saying regarding head covering in 1 corinthians 11:216:	here are four objections regarding what the apostle paul is saying regarding head covering in 1 corinthians 11:216:
fortuna did not disappear from the popular imagination with the triumph of christianity by any means (illustration, left).	fortuna did not disappear from the popular imagination with the ascendancy of christianity by any means (illustration, left).
blackrock's ongoing metamorphosis has been described by its long-time resident, the comedienne rosaleen linehan.	blackrock's ongoing metamorphosis has been described by its long-time resident, the comedian rosaleen linehan.
unfortunately , nothing similar to this report ever happened.	however , nothing similar to this report ever happened.
the appearance of the symbol of the seven-headed cobra on sla propaganda indicates that it was copied from the ancient sri lankan and indian seven-headed nga; carved stones depicting a seven-headed cobra are commonly found near the sluices of the ancient irrigation tanks in sri lanka and are believed to have been placed there as guardians of the water.	the appearance of the symbol of the seven-headed cobra on sla publications indicates that it was copied from the ancient sri lankan and indian seven-headed nga; carved stones depicting a seven-headed cobra are commonly found near the sluices of the ancient irrigation tanks in sri lanka and are believed to have been placed there as guardians of the water.
in addition to being an excellent instructor, rudaz is a distinguished researcher.	in addition to being an instructor, rudaz is a distinguished researcher.
in an infamous finding, thirty-three of the forty sibling pairs tested were found to have similar alleles in the distal region of xq28, which was significantly higher than the expected rates of 50% for fraternal brothers.	in an finding, thirty-three of the forty sibling pairs tested were found to have similar alleles in the distal region of xq28, which was significantly higher than the expected rates of 50% for fraternal brothers.
since founding true the vote, engelbrecht and her husband claim they have been investigated by the irs, fbi, atf, and osha.	since founding true the vote, engelbrecht and her husband say they have been investigated by the irs, fbi, atf, and osha.
osteopathy is a philosophy and an alternative medical practice which emphasizes the interrelationship between structure and function of the body and recognizes the body's ability to heal itself; it is the role of the osteopath to facilitate that process, principally by the skilled practice of manual and manipulative therapy.	osteopathy is a philosophy and an alternative medical practice which emphasizes the interrelationship between structure and function of the body and recognizes the body's ability to heal itself; it is the role of the osteopath to facilitate that process, principally by the practice of manual and manipulative therapy.
petsinclothes.com allows the user to upload pictures of their well dressed pets for others to rate in the standard 1 - 10 scale.	petsinclothes.com allows the user to upload pictures of their dressed pets for others to rate in the standard 1 - 10 scale.
when one-offs were produced, they tended to be more filmic and less theatrical than play for today and its predecessor series had been, and its style of dialogue and character-driven one-offs became increasingly rare and unpopular .	when one-offs were produced, they tended to be more filmic and less theatrical than play for today and its predecessor series had been, and its style of dialogue and character-driven one-offs became increasingly rare and out of favour .
he was a cast member in the mbc's variety show we got married with comedienne jang do-yeon.	he was a cast member in the mbc's variety show we got married with comedian jang do-yeon.
the old grey whistle test was an influential bbc2 television music show that ran from september 1971 to 1987. it was devised by maverick bbc producer rowan ayers.	the old grey whistle test was an influential bbc2 television music show that ran from september 1971 to 1987. it was devised by bbc producer rowan ayers.
the majority of the city's population are ethnic spanish who are hostile to the idea of being ruled by morocco.	the majority of the city's population are ethnic spanish who are opposed to the idea of being ruled by morocco.
trisha cooper is a well-known female broadcaster in the north of england.	trisha cooper is a female broadcaster in the north of england.
played in the 2003 masterpiece charlie's angels: full throttle	played in the 2003 movie charlie's angels: full throttle
"the angevins, who had defeated manfred and stripped him of the kingdom of sicily, christened it sypontum novellum (""new sypontum""), but that name never stuck."	"the angevins, who had defeated manfred and stripped him of the kingdom of sicily, renamed it sypontum novellum (""new sypontum""), but that name never stuck."
unfortunately the prisoners never arrived, and the camp was left empty while half of the buildings sold off.	the prisoners never arrived, and the camp was left empty while half of the buildings sold off.
shares of firearm manufacturers rallied on the day following the mass shooting.	shares of firearm manufacturers rose on the day following the mass shooting.
"his popular tv plays include aik muhabbat sau afsanay (""bunch of love stories""), uchhay burj lahore dey (""barbicans of lahore""), tota kahani (""story of the parrot""), lekin (""but""), hairat kadah (""incredibility"") and mun chalay ka sauda (""bargain of the stubborn"")."	"his tv plays include aik muhabbat sau afsanay (""bunch of love stories""), uchhay burj lahore dey (""barbicans of lahore""), tota kahani (""story of the parrot""), lekin (""but""), hairat kadah (""incredibility"") and mun chalay ka sauda (""bargain of the stubborn"")."
"furthermore he is a clear-sighted healer and the founder of the system of ""salvation and harmonious development"" of all beings."	"furthermore he claims to be a clear-sighted healer and the founder of the system of ""salvation and harmonious development"" of all beings."
"michel foucault argues in his famous essay ""what is an author?"""	"michel foucault argues in his essay ""what is an author?"""
graem bauer, the apparent evil mastermind behind the events of day 5 of 24, turns out to be jack's brother	graem bauer, the apparent mastermind behind the events of day 5 of 24, turns out to be jack's brother
zeitgeist, the movie is a 2007 web film produced by peter joseph that presents a number of conspiracy theories related to christianity, the attacks of 9/11, and the federal reserve bank.	zeitgeist, the movie is a 2007 web film produced by peter joseph that presents a number of theories related to christianity, the attacks of 9/11, and the federal reserve bank.
father jean had agreed, as many religious groups had during the war, to give shelter and a new identity to persecuted jews.	father jean had agreed, as some religious groups had during the war, to give shelter and a new identity to persecuted jews.
displacing the soiled paper can lead to a serious faux pas, regardless of culture.	misplacing the soiled paper can lead to a serious faux pas, regardless of culture.
joseph stalin's understandable desire for revenge against franco was frustrated at the potsdam conference of 1945, when his attempt to make an allied invasion of spain the conference's first order of business was rejected by harry truman and winston churchill.	joseph stalin's desire for revenge against franco was frustrated at the potsdam conference of 1945, when his attempt to make an allied invasion of spain the conference's first order of business was rejected by harry truman and winston churchill.
many fine buildings were erected for this exposition, including the rotunde (rotunda), a large circular building in the great park of prater.	many buildings were erected for this exposition, including the rotunde (rotunda), a large circular building in the great park of prater.
he was the elder brother of the composer and influential educator geoffrey shaw and the actor julius shaw, whose career was sadly cut short by the first world war - he was killed in march 1918. he studied under stanford at the royal college of music, together with a generation of composers that included holst, vaughan williams and john ireland.	he was the elder brother of the composer and influential educator geoffrey shaw and the actor julius shaw, whose career was cut short by the first world war - he was killed in march 1918. he studied under stanford at the royal college of music, together with a generation of composers that included holst, vaughan williams and john ireland.
plasma cosmology is theory about cosmology which emphasizes the electromagnetic properties of astrophysical plasmas.	plasma cosmology is a group of nonstandard and fringe science proposals about cosmology which emphasizes the electromagnetic properties of astrophysical plasmas.
(to unassisted humans, black lectroids appear to be black, rastafarian jamaicans, while red lectroids appear as red-haired caucasians .)	(to unassisted humans, black lectroids appear to be black, rastafarian jamaicans, while red lectroids appear as red-haired whites .)
"the discovery of gold in australia caused the establishment of relatively small chinatowns in cities there, and similar migrations of chinese resulted in tiny settlements termed ""chinatowns"" being established in new zealand and even south africa."	"the discovery of gold in australia caused the establishment of relatively small chinatowns in cities there, and similar migrations of chinese resulted in tiny settlements termed ""chinatowns"" being established in new zealand and south africa."
osce disclosed the existence of such reports and documents inside its organisation.	osce disclaimed the existence of such reports and documents inside its organisation.
unlike those feminists critical of prostitution, pro-sex work perspectives do not concede that prostitution sexual acts have an inherent element of coercion, exploitation, domination.	unlike those feminists critical of prostitution, pro-sex work perspectives do not believe that prostitution sexual acts have an inherent element of coercion, exploitation, domination.
praised for its dark fantasy art design, variation in combat choice and integrated online multiplayer, the game is particularly notable for its high difficulty level with many critics praising it as a genuine challenge.	praised for its dark fantasy art design, variation in combat choice and integrated online multiplayer, the game is particularly notable for its high difficulty level with many critics noting it as a genuine challenge.
there have been many instances in which the alleged victims of trafficking have actually refused to be rescued or run away from the anti-trafficking shelters .	there have been instances in which the alleged victims of trafficking have actually refused to be rescued or run away from the anti-trafficking shelters .
west virginia was formed in 1863 from those northwestern counties of virginia which had seceded from virginia, after virginia seceded from the union.	west virginia was formed in 1863 from those northwestern counties of virginia which had seceded from virginia, after virginia had declared its secession from the union.
the japanese version of drakengard, drag-on dragoon, featured such risqu plotpoints as incest and pedophilia.	the japanese version of drakengard, drag-on dragoon, featured such taboo plotpoints as incest and pedophilia.
truman is a multi-award-winning 1995 hbo movie based on david mccullough's pulitzer prize-winning book, truman.	truman is a 1995 hbo movie based on david mccullough's pulitzer prize-winning book, truman.
a threatening socialist revolution was avoided in 1917, following the re-introduction of parliamentarism, and the country was democratized.	a socialist revolution was avoided in 1917, following the re-introduction of parliamentarism, and the country was democratized.
"melanson said the document ""would help people understand why we made this decision, and understand as well how this is not a free speech issue, but rather an issue of someone practicing very intolerant and offensive expression through twitter."""	"melanson alleged that the document ""would help people understand why we made this decision, and understand as well how this is not a free speech issue, but rather an issue of someone practicing very intolerant and offensive expression through twitter."""
the game is being built using the renowned unreal engine .	the game is being built using the unreal engine .
austrofascism is a term which is frequently used by left-wing historians to describe the authoritarian rule installed in austria between 1934 and 1938. it was based on a ruling party, the fatherland front (vaterlndische front) and the heimwehr (homeguard) paramilitary units.	austrofascism is a term which is frequently used by historians to describe the authoritarian rule installed in austria between 1934 and 1938. it was based on a ruling party, the fatherland front (vaterlndische front) and the heimwehr (homeguard) paramilitary units.
the standard engine was the excellent 22r/22re 4-cylinder, but in 4x4 sr5 models, a 3.0l v6 was optional.	the standard engine was the 22r/22re 4-cylinder, but in 4x4 sr5 models, a 3.0l v6 was optional.
the plaza repblica dominicana bombing was an attack carried out by the armed basque separatist terrorist eta in madrid, spain on 14 july 1986, which killed 12 people and injured a further 32. the dead were all members of the guardia civil studying in the nearby traffic school on prncipe de vergara.	the plaza repblica dominicana bombing was an attack carried out by the armed basque separatist group eta in madrid, spain on 14 july 1986, which killed 12 people and injured a further 32. the dead were all members of the guardia civil studying in the nearby traffic school on prncipe de vergara.
a few decades later, mk did wage a guerrilla war against the regime, especially during the 1980s, in which many innocent civilians were killed.	a few decades later, mk did wage a guerrilla war against the regime, especially during the 1980s, in which many civilians were killed.
mahmoud ahmadinejad, former president of iran, has frequently denied the holocaust.	mahmoud ahmadinejad, former president of iran, has frequently been accused of denying the holocaust.
tongyong does not use the letters q and x, for example, in idiotic ways that confuse non-chinese speakers who lack training in the system.	tongyong does not use the letters q and x, for example, in ways that confuse non-chinese speakers who lack training in the system.
the new version featured the same set used in the early years of the 1970s version and co-starred comedienne sarah silverman as a fellow celebrity panelist.	the new version featured the same set used in the early years of the 1970s version and co-starred comedian sarah silverman as a fellow celebrity panelist.
"the term ""vasconic languages"" is sometimes used synonymously with the fringe vasconic substratum hypothesis of theo vennemann, who speculates that the ancestors of the basque and semitic peoples spread across europe at the end of the ice age and left traces in the modern languages of europe."	"the term ""vasconic languages"" is sometimes used synonymously with the vasconic substratum hypothesis of theo vennemann, who speculates that the ancestors of the basque and semitic peoples spread across europe at the end of the ice age and left traces in the modern languages of europe."
youtube link to some awesome tracks from cannon fodder covered by bob fresco and the retro game band.	youtube link to some tracks from cannon fodder covered by bob fresco and the retro game band.
although purportedly somewhat liberal, kaus is friends with discredited conservative pundit ann coulter, which has caused friction between kaus and wright that has been publicly exercised on several occasions.	although purportedly somewhat liberal, kaus is friends with controversial conservative pundit ann coulter, which has caused friction between kaus and wright that has been publicly exercised on several occasions.
however, soon thereafter, hustler magazine detailed sexual affairs livingston had in the past while hypocritically attacking president bill clinton for the monica lewinsky scandal; livingston announced he wouldn't seek the speakership and resigned from congress, calling on clinton to follow his lead and resign as well.	however, soon thereafter, hustler magazine detailed sexual affairs livingston had in the past while attacking president bill clinton for the monica lewinsky scandal; livingston announced he wouldn't seek the speakership and resigned from congress, calling on clinton to follow his lead and resign as well.
in texts uncovered at ugarit, zion has been identified with the syrian jebel aqra written with the etymological cognate spelling zephon (tsephon).	in texts uncovered at ugarit, zion has been identified with the syrian jebel aqra written with the possibly cognate spelling zephon (tsephon).
robert parry is a left-wing american investigative journalist.	robert parry is a american investigative journalist.
they slaughtered eoganan, king of the picts, and his brother, the vassal king of the scots.	they killed eoganan, king of the picts, and his brother, the vassal king of the scots.
play began on 12 july 1966 and concluded on 20 july 1966. soviet union won the group and north korea surprisingly finished as runners-up on their world cup debut, and both advanced to the quarter-finals.	play began on 12 july 1966 and concluded on 20 july 1966. soviet union won the group and north korea finished as runners-up on their world cup debut, and both advanced to the quarter-finals.
in 2010, bruce mcdonald made this movie is broken, a movie about the band's harbourfront show during the infamous 2009 toronto strike.	in 2010, bruce mcdonald made this movie is broken, a movie about the band's harbourfront show during the 2009 toronto strike.
he was one of the greatest cellists of the twentieth century.	he is regarded as one of the greatest cellists of the twentieth century.
on the hit tv show 30 rock, o'brien is depicted as an ex-boyfriend of lead character liz lemon, who works in the same building.	on the tv show 30 rock, o'brien is depicted as an ex-boyfriend of lead character liz lemon, who works in the same building.
drug abuse resistance education (dare), stylized as d.a.r.e., is an international propoganda program founded by daryl f. gates that seeks to prevent use of controlled drugs, membership in gangs, and violent behavior.	drug abuse resistance education (dare), stylized as d.a.r.e., is an international education program founded by daryl f. gates that seeks to prevent use of controlled drugs, membership in gangs, and violent behavior.
all of the greatest poets competed for the prizes offered for the best plays.	all of the poets competed for the prizes offered for the best plays.
tommy mckearney (born 1952, lurgan, northern ireland ) is a former hunger striker and volunteer of the provisional irish republican army.	tommy mckearney (born 1952, lurgan, northern ireland ) is a former hunger striker and member of the provisional irish republican army.
another project sparked by the license change (and since broadened beyond a mere database of cds) is called musicbrainz.	another project sparked by the license change (and since broadened beyond a database of cds) is called musicbrainz.
amondson won this contest, collecting 1896 (1512 of those were from louisiana) votes compared to dodge's 140. unsurprisingly , amondson placed well behind both major candidates (george w. bush received 1.1 million votes, and john kerry received over 1 million votes).	amondson won this contest, collecting 1896 (1512 of those were from louisiana) votes compared to dodge's 140. as expected , amondson placed well behind both major candidates (george w. bush received 1.1 million votes, and john kerry received over 1 million votes).
she co-chairs the european parliament's eurosceptic independence and democracy group, roughly one third of whose members belong to ukip, the right-wing united kingdom independence party.	she co-chairs the european parliament's eurosceptic independence and democracy group, roughly one third of whose members belong to ukip, the eurosceptic united kingdom independence party.
dante angelo falconeri is a fictional character on on the popular daytime soap opera general hospital.	dante angelo falconeri is a fictional character on on the daytime soap opera general hospital.
the band reached prominence during the 1970s, under the leadership of vocalist and primary songwriter ronnie van zant, until his tragic death in 1977.	the band reached prominence during the 1970s, under the leadership of vocalist and primary songwriter ronnie van zant, until his death in 1977.
macedonian orthodox church - the schismatic eastern orthodox church of the republic of macedonia	macedonian orthodox church - the unrecognized eastern orthodox church of the republic of macedonia
the actual subject material of the canons is not just doctrinal or moral in nature, but indeed all-encompassing of the human condition.	the actual subject material of the canons is not just doctrinal or moral in nature, but all-encompassing of the human condition.
the tats and yalboyus have a caucasoid physical appearance, while the noays retain some mongoloid characteristics.	the tats and yalboyus have a caucasoid physical appearance, while the noays show some mongoloid characteristics.
in who stole feminism , and the war on boys , hoff sommers exposes shoddy research and academic dishonesty in a number of important feminist works (see feminism), including those by carol gilligan, naomi wolf, among others.	in who stole feminism , and the war on boys , hoff sommers examines what she describes as shoddy research and academic dishonesty in a number of important feminist works (see feminism), including those by carol gilligan, naomi wolf, among others.
she was soon forced to resign by an all-male city council.	she was soon forced to resign by an city council.
aga khan boldly told the british raj that muslims must be considered a separate nation within india.	aga khan told the british raj that muslims must be considered a separate nation within india.
since that time, israel illegally continued to build settlements over palestinian land, demolishing homes and expelling families by force.	since that time, israel continued to build settlements over palestinian land, demolishing homes and expelling families by force.
expert witness sara gino, called by the defence, explained that traces of dna on the knife were too insubstantial to be considered evidence and pointed to contamination by other samples as a possible explanation for police scientist patrizia stefanoni's testimony that kercher's dna was on the knife.	expert witness sara gino, called by the defence, said that traces of dna on the knife were too insubstantial to be considered evidence and pointed to contamination by other samples as a possible explanation for police scientist patrizia stefanoni's testimony that kercher's dna was on the knife.
the city's armenian population was devastated during world war i by ottoman troops as a part of the alleged armenian genocide.	the city's armenian population was devastated during world war i by ottoman troops as a part of the armenian genocide.
therefore the vegan animal-rights based approach is only one approach among many in promoting the welfare of animals .	therefore the vegan animal-rights based approach is one approach among many in promoting the welfare of animals .
te atatu south is a leafy residential suburb in auckland, new zealand.	te atatu south is a residential suburb in auckland, new zealand.
other reasons for this project's collapse can be attributed to the skyrocketing budget figures in pre-production, the tragic accident which paralyzed former superman actor christopher reeve for the rest of his life, and warner bros' unwillingness to release this film alongside 1999's juggernaut star wars episode i: the phantom menace.	other reasons for this project's collapse can be attributed to the skyrocketing budget figures in pre-production, the accident which paralyzed former superman actor christopher reeve for the rest of his life, and warner bros' unwillingness to release this film alongside 1999's juggernaut star wars episode i: the phantom menace.
khorne raged over her passing , brought her from the dead and turned her into a daemon princess.	khorne raged over her death , brought her from the dead and turned her into a daemon princess.
transhumanist biologists in particular can be prone to this line of thought, as they see their work as inherently ethical, and attacks on it as misguided.	transhumanist biologists in particular can be inclined to this line of thought, as they see their work as inherently ethical, and attacks on it as misguided.
in the pali canon discourses, the buddha frequently instructed his disciples to practice anapanasati (mindfulness with breathing) as the base for samadhi (concentration) in order to establish and develop jhana (full concentration).	in the pali canon discourses, the buddha frequently instructs his disciples to practice anapanasati (mindfulness with breathing) as the base for samadhi (concentration) in order to establish and develop jhana (full concentration).
in 1958 the autobiography of charles darwin was republished edited by darwin's granddaughter nora barlow, which restored various tracts edited out by francis darwin in the original 1887 edition.	in 1958 the autobiography of charles darwin was republished edited by darwin's granddaughter nora barlow, which restored various passages edited out by francis darwin in the original 1887 edition.
the rockwell aim-65 computer was a good trainer and development computer based on the mos technology 6502 microprocessor introduced in 1976. the aim-65 was essentially an expanded kim-1 computer.	the rockwell aim-65 computer was a trainer and development computer based on the mos technology 6502 microprocessor introduced in 1976. the aim-65 was essentially an expanded kim-1 computer.
ali sagar is a beautiful lake with a hill top view.	ali sagar is a lake with a hill top view.
he made his long-awaited nrl debut against the manly-warringah sea eagles in round 14 of the 2011 season.	he made his nrl debut against the manly-warringah sea eagles in round 14 of the 2011 season.
an advanced ibm risc based architecture was used for the powerpc cpu which was released in 1992. in 1994 apple computer introduced mac computers using these ppc cpus, but ibm's intention to produce its own desktop computers using these chips was thwarted by delays in windows nt and a falling out with microsoft.	an ibm risc based architecture was used for the powerpc cpu which was released in 1992. in 1994 apple computer introduced mac computers using these ppc cpus, but ibm's intention to produce its own desktop computers using these chips was thwarted by delays in windows nt and a falling out with microsoft.
this area is roughly coextensive with what was once known as the neutral zone or sabine free state, when no u.s. state exercised jursidiction over the area from the calcasieu river on the east to the sabine river on the west.	this area is roughly coextensive with what was once known as the neutral ground or sabine free state, when no u.s. state exercised jursidiction over the area from the calcasieu river on the east to the sabine river on the west.
shortcomings of kali's child	criticisms of kali's child
the construction toy meccano is a popular tool for construction highly accurate orreries.	the construction system meccano is a popular tool for construction highly accurate orreries.
osman hassan ali atto (born c. 1940) is a somali warlord , affiliated with the somali national alliance.	osman hassan ali atto (born c. 1940) is a somali dissident , affiliated with the somali national alliance.
after leaving pcg, rodger davis quickly founded midwestern bible institute in st louis mo, later known as new testament christian college, and currently known as new testament christian seminary.	after leaving pcg, rodger davis soon founded midwestern bible institute in st louis mo, later known as new testament christian college, and currently known as new testament christian seminary.
"an example of the ubiquitous ""hello, world"" program in cobol:"	"an example of the ""hello, world"" program in cobol:"
unlike the infamously secretive coca-cola formula, these recipes are openly published and their re-use is encouraged.	unlike the famously secretive coca-cola formula, these recipes are openly published and their re-use is encouraged.
"o'kelly v trusthouse forte plc 1983 icr 728 is a notorious uk labour law case, which held that a requirement for a contract is ""mutuality of obligation"" between the parties."	"o'kelly v trusthouse forte plc 1983 icr 728 is a uk labour law case, which held that a requirement for a contract is ""mutuality of obligation"" between the parties."
he became an instant drawcard with spectacular sellout concert successes in major arenas around the world.	he became an instant drawcard with sellout concert successes in major arenas around the world.
angus mckinnon young (born on 31 march 1955, in glasgow, scotland) is a iconic guitarist and songwriter who has been the lead guitarist of australian hard rock band ac/dc since the group was formed in 1973. young is known for his hard-edge style lead (and signature vibrato), wild stage energy, and schoolboy clothing.	angus mckinnon young (born on 31 march 1955, in glasgow, scotland) is a guitarist and songwriter who has been the lead guitarist of australian hard rock band ac/dc since the group was formed in 1973. young is known for his hard-edge style lead (and signature vibrato), wild stage energy, and schoolboy clothing.
creationism is the religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity (often the abrahamic god of judaism, christianity and islam) or deities, whose existence is presupposed.	creationism is the religious belief that humanity, life, the earth, and the universe were created in their original form by a deity (often the abrahamic flying spaghetti monster of judaism, christianity and islam) or deities, whose existence is presupposed.
early criticism of sheehan was led by internet news analyst and conservative talk radio host matt drudge, who on august 7, 2005, alleged that sheehan had been inconsistent in her position on the iraq war.	early criticism of sheehan was led by internet news analyst and talk radio host matt drudge, who on august 7, 2005, alleged that sheehan had been inconsistent in her position on the iraq war.
the city of tashkent (uzbek: toshkent, , russian: ) began to industrialize in the 1920s and 1930s, but industry increased tremendously during world war ii, with the relocation of factories from western russia to preserve the soviet industrial capacity from the evil invading nazis.	the city of tashkent (uzbek: toshkent, , russian: ) began to industrialize in the 1920s and 1930s, but industry increased tremendously during world war ii, with the relocation of factories from western russia to preserve the soviet industrial capacity from the hostile invading nazis.
legendary washington post editor ben bradlee hired gellman as a full-time staff writer in 1988 to cover washington, d.c. courts, including the trial of former d.c. mayor marion barry.	washington post editor ben bradlee hired gellman as a full-time staff writer in 1988 to cover washington, d.c. courts, including the trial of former d.c. mayor marion barry.
a pretty row of thatched cottages in main rd,grendon	a row of thatched cottages in main rd,grendon
it is based on the novel j.k. rowling a biography, by sean smith, detailing the journey of struggling single mother j. k. rowling, her bid to become a published author, and her rise to fame that followed the publication of harry potter and the philosopher's stone.	it is based on the book j.k. rowling a biography, by sean smith, detailing the journey of struggling single mother j. k. rowling, her bid to become a published author, and her rise to fame that followed the publication of harry potter and the philosopher's stone.
the northern conference all-stars dominated the game, embarassing the southern conference all-stars 8:2. atlantic city's scott stirling was named most valuable player.	the northern conference all-stars dominated the game, beating the southern conference all-stars 8:2. atlantic city's scott stirling was named most valuable player.
before midnight, the interior ministry's goons had turned back the parliament loyalists.	before midnight, the interior ministry's units had turned back the parliament loyalists.
rufus is a secondary character from disney's 1977 classic animated masterpiece film, the rescuers.	rufus is a secondary character from disney's 1977 classic animated film, the rescuers.
2 girls 1 cup is an infamous internet shock site that became a well known internet meme among bloggers and internet forums for the reactions its graphic content elicited from its viewers.	2 girls 1 cup is an internet shock site that became a well known internet meme among bloggers and internet forums for the reactions its graphic content elicited from its viewers.
sadly the attitude that cerebellar ataxia is untreatable is widespread in the medical profession today.	the attitude that cerebellar ataxia is untreatable is widespread in the medical profession today.
some critiques of the film are erroneous	some critiques of the film alleged to be erroneous
in october 2011 the new american defense secretary, leon panetta, suggested that israeli policies were partly responsible for its increasing diplomatic isolation in the middle east, but the israeli government responded that the problem was the growing radicalism in the region rather than their own hard-lined policies.	in october 2011 the new american defense secretary, leon panetta, suggested that israeli policies were partly responsible for its increasing diplomatic isolation in the middle east, but the israeli government responded that the problem was the growing radicalism in the region rather than their own policies.
beppe di marco is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michael greco.	beppe di marco is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by michael greco.
its yellow sea coast is known for its natural beauty and as an important habitat for plants and birds.	its yellow sea coast is known for its natural environment and as an important habitat for plants and birds.
"mount misery had belonged to edward covey a ""notorious 'slave breaker'"" to whom frederick douglass had been sent because he had been considered an ""unruly"" slave."	"mount misery belonged to edward covey a ""notorious 'slave breaker'"" to whom frederick douglass had been sent because he had been considered an ""unruly"" slave."
cityrail is also enormously expensive.	cityrail is also expensive.
d'souza also denounced feminism in letters to a young conservative, writing that:	d'souza also criticised aspects of feminism in letters to a young conservative, writing that:
sadly on their later recordings they turned metal like dys and uniform choice.	on their later recordings they turned metal like dys and uniform choice.
christianity arose in the syncretistic hellenistic world of the first century ce, which was dominated by roman law and greek culture.	christianity arose in the hellenistic world of the first century ce, which was dominated by roman law and greek culture.
to his honor, general rius rivera was one of the few members of the cuban assembly (legislature) who rejected the imposition of the infamous platt amendment, which gave the united states the right to intervene unilaterally in cuba as a precondition for independence in 1902.	to his honor, general rius rivera was one of the few members of the cuban assembly (legislature) who rejected the imposition of the platt amendment , which gave the united states the right to intervene unilaterally in cuba as a precondition for independence in 1902.
before the advent of the british in india, santals resided peacefully in the hilly districts of cuttack, dhalbhum, manbhum, barabhum, chhotanagpur, palamau, hazaribagh, midnapur, bankura and birbhum.	before the advent of the british in india, santals resided in the hilly districts of cuttack, dhalbhum, manbhum, barabhum, chhotanagpur, palamau, hazaribagh, midnapur, bankura and birbhum.
arab citizens of israel have the same formal rights as all other israeli citizens, including suffrage, political representation, and recourse to the courts.	arab citizens of israel have the same rights as all other israeli citizens, including suffrage, political representation, and recourse to the courts.
he was named president in july, 2008. griffin orchestrated the launch of several popular msnbc shows, including the rachel maddow show, the ed show, the last word with lawrence o'donnell and morning joe.	he was named president in july, 2008. griffin orchestrated the launch of several msnbc shows, including the rachel maddow show, the ed show, the last word with lawrence o'donnell and morning joe.
the new changes are criticized as a movement towards martial law because of the quiet inclusion of changes that undermines applicability of the posse comitatus act (pca) due to expansion of the circumstances under which the president may declare martial law.	the new changes are criticized as a movement towards martial law because of the inclusion of changes that undermines applicability of the posse comitatus act (pca) due to expansion of the circumstances under which the president may declare martial law.
jamaica has a long history in the film industry dating from the early 1960s.	jamaica has a history in the film industry dating from the early 1960s.
the language allowed extensibility that no other game was able to provide, and allowed a large degree of community involvement that extended far beyond simply creating level terrain with the excellent built-in editor but involved writing programs to make the game run.	the language allowed extensibility that no other game was able to provide, and allowed a large degree of community involvement that extended far beyond simply creating level terrain with the built-in editor but involved writing programs to make the game run.
deep blue was modified between games to understand kasparov's playstyle better, allowing it to avoid a trap in the final game that the ai had fallen for twice before.	deep blue was modified between games to understand kasparov's playstyle better, allowing it to avoid a trap in the final game that the computer had fallen for twice before.
the smith regime was ultimately forced to give up power and the colony became the independent state of zimbabwe in 1980. lord soames, following the recommendation of prime minister-elect robert mugabe, appointed todd to the senate of zimbabwe on april 8, 1980, where todd served until his retirement in 1985. however, todd became disillusioned with the mugabe regime due to its violence against political opponents.	the smith government was ultimately forced to give up power and the colony became the independent state of zimbabwe in 1980. lord soames, following the recommendation of prime minister-elect robert mugabe, appointed todd to the senate of zimbabwe on april 8, 1980, where todd served until his retirement in 1985. however, todd became disillusioned with the mugabe regime due to its violence against political opponents.
the 2002 khankala mi-26 crash occurred on august 19, 2002 when a team of chechen terrorists with an igla brought down a russian mil mi-26 helicopter in a minefield and resulted in the death of 127 russian soldiers in the greatest loss of life in the history of helicopter aviation.	the 2002 khankala mi-26 crash occurred on august 19, 2002 when a team of chechen seperatists with an igla brought down a russian mil mi-26 helicopter in a minefield and resulted in the death of 127 russian soldiers in the greatest loss of life in the history of helicopter aviation.
the number of men of michmas at the census ( holy bible, nehemiah 7:31).	the number of men of michmas at the census ( bible , nehemiah 7:31).
"the campaign of 1984 also featured one of reagan's most famous gaffes , the infamous quotation ""my fellow americans, i'm pleased to tell you today that i've signed legislation that will outlaw russia forever."	"the campaign of 1984 also featured one of reagan's most famous comments , the infamous quotation ""my fellow americans, i'm pleased to tell you today that i've signed legislation that will outlaw russia forever."
the replay was also a close affair, however, a narrow 2-7 to 1-8 victory gave o'sullivan a coveted championship medal.	the replay was also a close affair, however, a narrow 2-7 to 1-8 victory gave o'sullivan a cork senior hurling championship medal.
it became the tallest artificial structure, and the first man made structure to exceed 2,000 feet in height, upon the completion of its construction on august 13, 1963.	it became the tallest artificial structure, and the first human- made structure to exceed 2,000 feet in height, upon the completion of its construction on august 13, 1963.
his father, joan, is a businessman, and his mother, montserrat, is the director of a prestigious spinal injuries hospital in barcelona.	his father, joan, is a businessman, and his mother, montserrat, is the director of a spinal injuries hospital in barcelona.
with the loss of the pagan arabian, religious and cultural centers of the kaaba in mecca and the temple of al-lat in tai'f, a major blow was dealt to arab paganism , soon leading to its total eradication.	with the loss of the pagan arabian, religious and cultural centers of the kaaba in mecca and the temple of al-lat in tai'f, a major blow was dealt to arab traditional and tribal religion , soon leading to its total eradication.
chellapilla satyanarayana sastry, better known as chellapilla satyam (telugu: ) (1933 - 12 january 1989) was an eminent indian music director.	chellapilla satyanarayana sastry, better known as chellapilla satyam (telugu: ) (1933 - 12 january 1989) was an indian music director.
note the beautiful black and white interstices	note the black and white interstices
the original full text includes a grossly antisemitic episode, usually omitted in the bowdlerized versions, in which the nave aladdin is cheated and exploited by a treacherous jewish merchant, and is saved by the jew's honest and upright muslim competitor.	the original full text includes a very antisemitic episode, usually omitted in the bowdlerized versions, in which the nave aladdin is cheated and exploited by a treacherous jewish merchant, and is saved by the jew's honest and upright muslim competitor.
most of the stolen weapons were taken by loyalist gangs but a number of soldiers lost their lives when confronted by members of the ira who had entered their homes by force to steal rifles.	most of the stolen weapons were taken by loyalist organisations but a number of soldiers lost their lives when confronted by members of the ira who had entered their homes by force to steal rifles.
carole mallory, born 1942, is an american author, actress, former supermodel , teacher and critic who appeared in the films looking for mr. goodbar and the stepford wives.	carole mallory, born 1942, is an american author, actress, former model , teacher and critic who appeared in the films looking for mr. goodbar and the stepford wives.
it was jolie's role which stole the attention of the public and the academy.	it was jolie's role which captured the attention of the public and the academy.
adolf hitler (april 20, 1889 - april 30, 1945) was dictator of germany from 1933 to 1945.	adolf hitler (april 20, 1889 - april 30, 1945) was the leader of germany from 1933 to 1945.
kaspersky anti-virus lacks certain essential features found in kaspersky internet security.	kaspersky anti-virus lacks certain features found in kaspersky internet security.
recently, union leaders in the uk have called for the legalisation of secondary strikes in the aftermath of the strike action against the catering company gate gourmet but labour ministers have stated that they have no intention of repealing the thatcherite reforms .	recently, union leaders in the uk have called for the legalisation of secondary strikes in the aftermath of the strike action against the catering company gate gourmet but labour ministers have stated that they have no intention of repealing the thatcherite laws .
1119738) and is generously supported by edinburgh house estates limited.	1119738) and is supported by edinburgh house estates limited.
specific policy proposals advanced by cato scholars include such measures as abolishing the minimum wage, reforming policies on illegal drugs, eliminating corporate welfare and trade barriers, diminishing federal government involvement in the marketplace, and in local and state issues, enhanced school choice, abolishing liberal affirmative action, and abolishing restrictions on discrimination by private parties.	specific policy proposals advanced by cato scholars include such measures as abolishing the minimum wage, reforming policies on illegal drugs, eliminating corporate welfare and trade barriers, diminishing federal government involvement in the marketplace, and in local and state issues, enhanced school choice, abolishing affirmative action, and abolishing restrictions on discrimination by private parties.
former president bill clinton under criticises president george bush's policies on iraq, hurricane katrina and budget deficits.	former president bill clinton criticises president george bush's policies on iraq, hurricane katrina and budget deficits.
jeff lives in az with his beautiful wife and 3 children.	jeff lives in az with his wife and 3 children.
president rouhani prays for rafsanjani with reading holy quran, jamaran	president rouhani prays for rafsanjani with reading quran, jamaran
afa had many skinheads amongst their numbers, drawing heavily on the redskin scene.	afa had some skinheads amongst their numbers, drawing heavily on the redskin scene.
some accounts from prison guards later claimed that, in the minutes leading up to bundy's execution, he had to be forcibly dragged from his cell for preparation.	some accounts from prison guards later stated that, in the minutes leading up to bundy's execution, he had to be forcibly dragged from his cell for preparation.
one outstanding question is whether congress can issue such a letter to the president, as an authorization for limited offensive warlike operations outside the territory of the united states.	one question is whether congress can issue such a letter to the president, as an authorization for limited offensive warlike operations outside the territory of the united states.
as with uranus, this absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane is part of what gives neptune its deep blue hue,	as with uranus, this absorption of red light by the atmospheric methane is part of what gives neptune its blue hue,
during the tour, everyone could enjoy a breathtaking view.	during the tour, everyone could enjoy a scenic view.
she went on to found emily's list, a left-wing organization which supports the election of pro-choice, female democrats to public office, and was president of america coming together.	she went on to found emily's list, a political advocacy organization which supports the election of pro-choice, female democrats to public office, and was president of america coming together.
in the near future jetstar asia will team up with 30% qantas owned pacific airlines to provide new destinations in vietnam, flying the lucrative ho chi minh city-singapore route.	in the near future jetstar asia will team up with 30% qantas owned pacific airlines to provide new destinations in vietnam, flying the ho chi minh city-singapore route.
often used on underground hacker websites linked to anonymous.	often used on underground websites linked to anonymous.
the albums contained covers of some original animals songs as well as superb new ones written by mcculloch.	the albums contained covers of some original animals songs as well as new ones written by mcculloch.
unfortunately he left the brothel somewhat absentmindedly leaving his wallet and its contents behind.	he left the brothel somewhat absentmindedly leaving his wallet and its contents behind.
the eventual fate of spartacus himself is unknown, as his body was never found, but he is accounted by historians to have perished gallantly along with his men.	the eventual fate of spartacus himself is unknown, as his body was never found, but he is accounted by historians to have perished in battle along with his men.
the film recounts the ultimately tragic tale of five young united states marines, and one united states navy corpsman photographed raising an american flag atop mount suribachi on february 23, 1945, in the midst of the horrific battle of iwo jima during world war ii.	the film recounts the ultimately tragic tale of five young united states marines, and one united states navy corpsman photographed raising an american flag atop mount suribachi on february 23, 1945, in the midst of the battle of iwo jima during world war ii.
revived for the brighton festival in may 2014, with mitchell himself directing, it was much more successful, winning an evening argus angel award.	revived for the brighton festival in may 2014, with mitchell himself directing, it was more successful, winning an evening argus angel award.
if the person blessing the sacrament makes a mistake and does not correct himself , the bishop or branch president will signal that the prayer must be repeated until recited correctly.	if the person blessing the sacrament makes a mistake and does not correct themself , the bishop or branch president will signal that the prayer must be repeated until recited correctly.
key bands of the genre	bands of the genre
balochistan was conquered by the british empire on october 1, 1887. in 1948, it forcely became part of pakistan.	balochistan was conquered by the british empire on october 1, 1887. in 1948, it became part of pakistan.
although widely disdained for its goofy styling, weak power, rough ride, and high noise levels , it was ultimately among the longest and most produced automobiles for a single design.	although widely disdained for its peculiar styling, weak power, rough ride, and high noise levels , it was ultimately among the longest and most produced automobiles for a single design.
ancient astronauts (or ancient aliens) is a pseudoscientific concept based on the belief that intelligent extraterrestrial beings visited earth and made contact with humans in antiquity and prehistoric times.	ancient astronauts (or ancient aliens) is a concept based on the belief that intelligent extraterrestrial beings visited earth and made contact with humans in antiquity and prehistoric times.
common ground is a notable uk charity and lobby group.	common ground is a uk charity and lobby group.
rock climbing is a sport in which participants climb up or across natural rock formations or man-made rock walls.	rock climbing is a sport in which participants climb up or across natural rock formations or artificial rock walls.
"cherryos is also alleged to have stolen code from openvpn (using it as their network driver) and hfvexplorer (which is used as the ""drag 'n' drop"" interface)."	"cherryos is also alleged to have copied code from openvpn (using it as their network driver) and hfvexplorer (which is used as the ""drag 'n' drop"" interface)."
the headquarter fought the war with the brains and the eyes caught too much by the successful experiences in the prior two wars and lost; not only because of the shortage of the natural resources required.	the headquarters fought the war with the brains and the eyes caught too much by the successful experiences in the prior two wars and lost; not only because of the shortage of the natural resources required.
zorba with a registered name aicama zorba of la-susa and proudly owned by chris eraclides of london, england, was the name of now deceased english mastiff from england, recognized by the guinness book of world records as the heaviest dog in the world, at over 343 lbs (155 kg).	zorba with a registered name aicama zorba of la-susa and owned by chris eraclides of london, england, was the name of now deceased english mastiff from england, recognized by the guinness book of world records as the heaviest dog in the world, at over 343 lbs (155 kg).
she also alleged she was put on the interpol list, the five eyes list, and had been detained at every airport during her laugh your head off world tour.	she also said she was put on the interpol list, the five eyes list, and had been detained at every airport during her laugh your head off world tour.
"in an interview with buffy the vampire slayer/angel magazine #93, emma caulfield revealed that she was very pleased with her character's abrupt death, stating, ""she didn't get a big, maudlin send-off, it was very quick and to the point - very anya in that respect."""	"in an interview with buffy the vampire slayer/angel magazine #93, emma caulfield stated that she was very pleased with her character's abrupt death, stating, ""she didn't get a big, maudlin send-off, it was very quick and to the point - very anya in that respect."""
john e. douglas, a retired fbi profiler, argues convincingly that there was at least some racial motivation in the attacks.	john e. douglas, a retired fbi profiler, argues that there was at least some racial motivation in the attacks.
the name comes from middle english tiwesday, from old english tiwes dg, named after the nordic god tyr, who was the approximate equivalent of the mythical roman war god mars, and greek god ares.	the name comes from middle english tiwesday, from old english tiwes dg, named after the nordic god tyr, who was the approximate equivalent of the roman war god mars, and greek god ares.
diana burgoyne (born 1957) is a canadian artist known for her installations and performance works utitlizing handmade electronics.	diana burgoyne (born 1957) is a canadian artist known for her installations and performance works using handmade electronics.
he faced re-election on november 8, 2005 and was destroyed by coleman 70% to 30%, his loss was likely due to his endorsement of president george w. bush who is extremely unpopular among the majority of the democratic.	he faced re-election on november 8, 2005 and was defeated resoundedly by coleman 70% to 30%, his loss was likely due to his endorsement of president george w. bush who is extremely unpopular among the majority of the democratic.
the gangs are largely independent, but a pair of umbrella organizations loosely coordinate the uptown indians and the downtown indians.	the groups are largely independent, but a pair of umbrella organizations loosely coordinate the uptown indians and the downtown indians.
the chance to make large amounts of money and the method to be used appealed to some mathematically minded and naturally egotistical students at mit.	the chance to make large amounts of money and the method to be used appealed to some mathematically minded and more egotistical students at mit.
lately criticisms tend to focus on a few issues, many of which deal with sex and gender themes, which are put forward specially by some progressive theologians.	lately criticisms tend to focus on a few issues, many of which deal with sex and gender themes, which are put forward specially by some liberal theologians.
after barack obama's inauguration, he personally authorized talks with iran in order to reach out to this country.	after barack obama's inauguration, he authorized talks with iran in order to reach out to this country.
a lot of the show's comic material was rehashed from lee and herring's radio programme lionel nimrod's inexplicable world.	a lot of the show's comic material was adapted from lee and herring's radio programme lionel nimrod's inexplicable world.
this gave the united states a reason for their use, and as john ray skates notes,	this gave the united states a justification for their use, and as john ray skates notes,
jami grew up in texas where she starred in the popular nttv show, deadly cinema.	jami grew up in texas where she starred in the nttv show, deadly cinema.
primarily limited to the united states, the term assault weapon is a misnomer used by democrats to describe a variety of semi-automatic firearms that have certain features generally associated with military assault rifles.	primarily limited to the united states, the term assault weapon is a misnomer used by some to describe a variety of semi-automatic firearms that have certain features generally associated with military assault rifles.
"afua cooper aptly states that slavery is, ""canada's best kept secret, locked within the national closet."""	"afua cooper states that slavery is, ""canada's best kept secret, locked within the national closet."""
the name refers to a violent terrorist tactic commonly associated with the irish republican army.	the name refers to a violent tactic commonly associated with the irish republican army.
"dr. beinin filed a lawsuit against writer and activist david horowitz for copyright infringement regarding the use of a photo of beinin on the cover of his incendiary booklet ""campus support for terrorism""."	"dr. beinin filed a lawsuit against writer and activist david horowitz for copyright infringement regarding the use of a photo of beinin on the cover of his booklet ""campus support for terrorism""."
"as a member of the patriots and inspired by the american revolution, he wrote the famous pamphlet ""to the people of the netherlands"" (in dutch: ""aan het volk van nederland""), in which reclaimed a more liberal society and the end of the stadtholder regime, which had been marked by corruption and nepotism."	"as a member of the patriots and inspired by the american revolution, he wrote the noted pamphlet ""to the people of the netherlands"" (in dutch: ""aan het volk van nederland""), in which reclaimed a more liberal society and the end of the stadtholder regime, which had been marked by corruption and nepotism."
these are some of the significant books on the subject of atheism and religion:	these are some of the books on the subject of atheism and religion:
alevis see sunni narrowmindedness as originating in arabia and as contrary to the turkish national character.	alevis see sunni mentality as originating in arabia and as contrary to the turkish national character.
the rivers of blood speech was a controversial speech about immigration and socialist anti-discrimination legislation made on april 20, 1968 by the british politician enoch powell.	the rivers of blood speech was a controversial speech about immigration and anti-discrimination legislation made on april 20, 1968 by the british politician enoch powell.
klinsmann is well remembered for being brutally fouled by the argentinian pedro monzn, who was subsequently sent off, reducing argentina to ten men.	klinsmann is well remembered for being fouled by the argentinian pedro monzn, who was subsequently sent off, reducing argentina to ten men.
the matter of daicos' ethnicity is debated between greeks and slav- macedonians.	the matter of daicos' ethnicity is debated between greeks and macedonians.
after exhibiting for a few years in new york, he was included in a four-person show at the sonnabend gallery in 1986, that and included jeff koons, peter halley and meyer vaisman.	after exhibiting for a few years in new york, he was included in a four-person show at the sonnabend gallery in 1986, that included jeff koons, peter halley and meyer vaisman.
the dlp was known for its virulent anti-communism and claimed that the alp was under the influence of the communist party of australia - a famous 1960s dlp election advertisment shows two cars with the hammer and sickle symbol on the registration plate of the alp car.	the dlp was known for its anti-communism and claimed that the alp was under the influence of the communist party of australia - a famous 1960s dlp election advertisment shows two cars with the hammer and sickle symbol on the registration plate of the alp car.
even cooked tarantula spiders are considered a delicacy in cambodia,	cooked tarantula spiders are considered a delicacy in cambodia,
died: cass daley, 59, american comedienne and film actress, after falling on a glass table at her home	died: cass daley, 59, american comedian and film actress, after falling on a glass table at her home
morden was selected as the labour party candidate for newport east in 2005 by the controversial all-women shortlists method.	morden was selected as the labour party candidate for newport east in 2005 by the all-women shortlists method.
outside of his linguistic work, chomsky is also widely known for his radical left-wing political views, in particular his criticism of the foreign policy of united states governments.	outside of his linguistic work, chomsky is also widely known for his left-wing political views, in particular his criticism of the foreign policy of united states governments.
although the long term aim of the center is to foster development of full economic, social, and cultural rights, during the current heightened conflict between israelis and palestinians the al mezan center has focussed on accelerating violations of basic civil rights and human rights by both the israeli defense forces and the palestinian authority.	although the long term aim of the center is to foster development of full economic, social, and cultural rights, during the current heightened conflict between israelis and palestinians the al mezan center has focused on accelerating violations of basic civil rights and human rights by both the israeli defense forces and the palestinian authority.
michael fleming's review commended the book's insights into how rural poles were, not infrequently, complicit with german genocide, challenging readers' myths .	michael fleming's review commended the book's insights into how rural poles were, not infrequently, complicit with german genocide, challenging readers' misconceptions .
after tim mclean was murdered and savagely beheaded by fellow passenger vince weiguang li aboard a bus in portage la prairie, manitoba.	after tim mclean was murdered and beheaded by fellow passenger vince weiguang li aboard a bus in portage la prairie, manitoba.
ancoats is an affluent area of manchester in north west england, next to the northern quarter, the northern part of manchester city centre.	ancoats is an area of manchester in north west england, next to the northern quarter, the northern part of manchester city centre.
lowe's syndrome, a rare genetic condition causing various mental and physical handicaps	lowe's syndrome, a rare genetic condition causing various mental and physical disabilities
with the release of the 4th edition, it was slightly modified and renamed 9p2000.	with the release of the 4th edition, it was modified and renamed 9p2000.
cocamidopropyl betaine is a medium strength surfactant which could irritate skin or mucous membranes.	cocamidopropyl betaine is a medium strength surfactant which usually does not irritate skin or mucous membranes.
britney spears, who appeared in the film in a cameo where she expressed her idiotic support for bush, won the golden raspberry for worst supporting actress.	britney spears, who appeared in the film in a cameo where she expressed her support for bush, won the golden raspberry for worst supporting actress.
myspace is a popular social networking website offering an interactive, user-submitted network of friends, personal profiles, blogs, groups, photos, music and videos internationally.	myspace is a social networking website offering an interactive, user-submitted network of friends, personal profiles, blogs, groups, photos, music and videos internationally.
caldwell was also the head basketball coach at williams for ten seasons (1929–1939), tallying a mark of 78–66, and the head baseball coach at williams (1931–1944) and princeton (1945–1946), amassing a career college baseball record of 118–96.	caldwell was also the head basketball coach at williams for ten seasons (1929–1939), tallying a mark of 78–66, and the head baseball coach at williams (1931–1944) and princeton (1945–1946), achieving a career college baseball record of 118–96.
"the 12th-century jewish legal scholar maimonides famously stated that ""it is better and more satisfactory to acquit a thousand guilty persons than to put a single innocent one to death."	"the 12th-century jewish legal scholar maimonides stated that ""it is better and more satisfactory to acquit a thousand guilty persons than to put a single innocent one to death."
in addition, an attachable wrist strap should be used to prevent the player from unintentionally dropping or throwing the wii remote.	in addition, an attachable wrist strap can be used to prevent the player from unintentionally dropping or throwing the wii remote.
randal said that there should only be one apprentice, and trump passively agreed with the decision.	randal said that there should only be one apprentice, and trump agreed with the decision.
details of the proposed reform	details of the proposed change
popsical composition for terrible advertisements	popsical composition for advertisements
this type of education means that hitler and the nazi party are not treated as war criminals or evil, but merely as charismatic and powerful leaders of countries during wartime.	this type of education means that hitler and the nazi party are not treated as war criminals or evil, but as charismatic and powerful leaders of countries during wartime.
it passes through some beautiful granite boulder formations, including an arch, covered in mosses, ferns and orchids.	it passes through some granite boulder formations, including an arch, covered in mosses, ferns and orchids.
the organisation's goals are aimed at testing the concepts of the technocracy movement through experimentation and networking.	the organisation's goals are aimed at testing the concepts of the technocracy through experimentation and networking.
the act was amended in november 1941 to remove these restrictions following the passage of the lend-lease act .poopies .	the act was amended in november 1941 to remove these restrictions following the passage of the lend-lease act.
2. he is a chinese american, and was extremely popular in asia.	2. he is a chinese american, and was popular in asia.
"william donald ""bill"" hamilton, frs (1 august 1936 7 march 2000) was an english evolutionary biologist, widely recognised as one of the greatest evolutionary theorists of the 20th century."	"william donald ""bill"" hamilton, frs (1 august 1936 7 march 2000) was an english evolutionary biologist, widely recognised as one of the most significant evolutionary theorists of the 20th century."
liverpool railway station has reasonable services to sydney cbd and campbelltown as well as two morning peak services to parramatta on most weekdays.	liverpool railway station has services to sydney cbd and campbelltown as well as two morning peak services to parramatta on most weekdays.
also offers a breathtaking view of reforested mountains and hills.	also offers a scenic view of reforested mountains and hills.
"you/main character the show is told in a first person point of view format, making the main character ""you,"" a male viewer of the show."	"you/main character the show is told in a second person point of view format, making the main character ""you,"" a male viewer of the show."
-->romania (spelled romania or roumanie (in french); romanian: romnia) is a country in central europe.	-->romania (spelled romania or roumanie (in french); romanian: romnia) is a country in europe.
"it was during this time that zardari's opponents controversially began using the nickname, ""mr 10%"", in reference to the charges of corruption against him."	"it was during this time that zardari's opponents began using the nickname, ""mr 10%"", in reference to the charges of corruption against him."
icewm 1.3.ogv|icewm 1.3 xsession running on debian 7 gnu/ linux	icewm 1.3.ogv|icewm 1.3 xsession running on debian 7 linux
in 1086 it was a manor in the possession of henry de ferrers and was worth the impressive sum of three pounds.	in 1086 it was a manor in the possession of henry de ferrers and was worth the sum of three pounds.
heidnik was killed by lethal injection on july 6, 1999, at sci rockview.	heidnik was executed by lethal injection on july 6, 1999, at sci rockview.
reasons cited include a preference towards lower-density development (since it sometimes features lower ambient noise and increased privacy), better schools, and lower crime rates in the more affluent suburbs (even though car-related fatalities still often make it more dangerous to live in the suburbs than in the city).	reasons cited include a preference towards lower-density development (since it features lower ambient noise and increased privacy), better schools, and lower crime rates in the more affluent suburbs (even though car-related fatalities still often make it more dangerous to live in the suburbs than in the city).
james butler hickok (may 27, 1837 – august 2, 1876), better known as wild bill hickok, was a legendary figure in the american old west.	james butler hickok (may 27, 1837 – august 2, 1876), better known as wild bill hickok, was a figure in the american old west.
the effort to expand the sco to include economic issues, courts, and joint military exercises culminated in 100 specific actions that were resolved on september 23 2004. the sco has floated ideas for forming a free trade area that will eventually share all resources from foodstuffs to military science, this aim is frustrated by the artificial nationalism of the five main ex-soviet central asian states.	the effort to expand the sco to include economic issues, courts, and joint military exercises culminated in 100 specific actions that were resolved on september 23 2004. the sco has floated ideas for forming a free trade area that will eventually share all resources from foodstuffs to military science, this aim is frustrated by the nationalism of the five main ex-soviet central asian states.
he was a strapping athlete, at 6 ft 4 in (1.93 m) and 225 pounds (102 kg), and played on a gay rugby team.	he was a large athlete, at 6 ft 4 in (1.93 m) and 225 pounds (102 kg), and played on a gay rugby team.
hurricane vince was a rare hurricane that developed in the northeastern atlantic basin.	hurricane vince was a hurricane that developed in the northeastern atlantic basin.
the hijackers crashed a third airliner into the pentagon in arlington, virginia, just outside of washington, d.c. the fourth plane crashed into a field near shanksville in rural pennsylvania, after some of its heroic passengers and flight crew attempted to retake control of the plane, which the hijackers had redirected toward washington, d.c. there were no survivors from any of the flights.	the hijackers crashed a third airliner into the pentagon in arlington, virginia, just outside of washington, d.c. the fourth plane crashed into a field near shanksville in rural pennsylvania, after some of its passengers and flight crew attempted to retake control of the plane, which the hijackers had redirected toward washington, d.c. there were no survivors from any of the flights.
robert's unmarried sister, katharine pilkington, retained new hall and some associated land.	robert's unmarried sister, katharine pilkington, retained new hall and associated land.
because childcare burdens still fall more heavily on mothers than on fathers, it makes sense that women would be the ones shopping for an appropriate child-transporting vehicle, expecting to be its primary (if not exclusive) driver after purchase.	because childcare burdens fall more heavily on mothers than on fathers, it makes sense that women would be the ones shopping for an appropriate child-transporting vehicle, expecting to be its primary (if not exclusive) driver after purchase.
claims of countering nasrallah on facebook	claims of countering islamic terrorist on facebook
however, finkelstein demonstrated in an october 3, 2003 letter to the harvard crimson that dershowitz reproduced exactly two of peters' mistakes, and made one relevant mistake of his own.	however, finkelstein argues in an october 3, 2003 letter to the harvard crimson that dershowitz reproduced exactly two of peters' mistakes, and made one relevant mistake of his own.
unfortunately , bulgaria was unable to send troops to the rescue of the rebelling fellow bulgarians in macedonia and adrianopol thrace.	still , bulgaria was unable to send troops to the rescue of the rebelling fellow bulgarians in macedonia and adrianopol thrace.
"the borg have become a powerful symbol in popular culture for any juggernaut against whom ""resistance is futile."""	"the borg have become a symbol in popular culture for any juggernaut against whom ""resistance is futile."""
anderson's stylistic trademarks include logistically difficult steadicam-based long takes (such as the three-minute opening shot in boogie nights), often with bombastic use of sound and music.	anderson's stylistic trademarks include logistically difficult steadicam-based long takes (such as the three-minute opening shot in boogie nights), often with emphatic use of sound and music.
some of the major issues are detailed below:	some of the major points of debate are detailed below:
"this is ""the largest selection of fine shirtings in the world"" , with four hundred shades of white and two hundred of blues."	"this could be ""the largest selection of fine shirtings in the world"" , with four hundred shades of white and two hundred of blues."
first among equals, the president has no powers over and above the other six councillors and continues to head her/his department.	first among equals, the president has no powers over and above the other six councillors and continues to head their department.
he is also credited with the invention of the famous dual table in oracle.	he is also credited with the invention of the dual table in oracle.
wetnurses, common in societies before the imposition of baby-formula, found their way into literature as (for example) earthy confidantes or miserable drudges.	wetnurses, common in societies before the invention of baby-formula, found their way into literature as (for example) earthy confidantes or miserable drudges.
he went on to lose the weight but quickly gained it back.	he went on to lose the weight but has since gained it back.
the historic park and surrounding area are a popular tourist destination, known especially for its authentic mexican restaurants.	the historic park and surrounding area are a popular tourist destination, known especially for its mexican restaurants.
the innocence project provides a wealth of tragic cases in which the u.s. justice system prosecuted and convicted the wrong person.	the innocence project provides a wealth of cases in which the u.s. justice system prosecuted and convicted the wrong person.
it featured interviews from mistry's friends, maya jupiter and legendary dj kool herc.	it featured interviews from mistry's friends, maya jupiter and dj kool herc.
operation dynamo, the legendary evacuation of 338,226 british and french troops during that battle	operation dynamo, the evacuation of 338,226 british and french troops during that battle
mccune performed in a state-wide tour of victorian high schools in the educational john romeril play about work experience, called working out, was in the chorus for a sydney musical version of great expectations starring philip gould, and starred as the hilarious aspiring ballerina postulant, sister mary leo, in the sequel to the dan goggin musical nunsense.	mccune performed in a state-wide tour of victorian high schools in the educational john romeril play about work experience, called working out, was in the chorus for a sydney musical version of great expectations starring philip gould, and starred as the aspiring ballerina postulant, sister mary leo, in the sequel to the dan goggin musical nunsense.
his form in 2006 led to strong interest from many major european clubs including palermo, inter, juventus, atltico madrid and barcelona.	his form in 2006 led to reported interest from many major european clubs including palermo, inter, juventus, atltico madrid and barcelona.
she is a professional administrator (1999-2008) turned professional politician (2008present).	she is a professional administrator (1999-2008) turned politician (2008present).
"the new coalition was named ""cambiemos"", as it proposed a change from the 12-years long hegemony of kirchnerism."	"the new coalition was named ""cambiemos"", as it proposed a change from the 12-years long rule of kirchnerism."
sheyla tadeo, a mexican actress, comedienne and singer	sheyla tadeo, a mexican actress, comedian and singer
although the term apocrypha simply means hidden, this usage is sometimes considered pejorative by those who consider some such works to be deuterocanonical parts of scripture.	although the term apocrypha simply means hidden, this usage is sometimes considered pejorative by those who consider some such works to be canonical parts of scripture.
secondary proof was a statement made by fbi sniper charles riley several weeks after the incident to an fbi investigator that he heard shots fired from sniper position sierra 1. the blue sniper team, was headed by lon horiuchi (of ruby ridge infamy ).	secondary proof was a statement made by fbi sniper charles riley several weeks after the incident to an fbi investigator that he heard shots fired from sniper position sierra 1. the blue sniper team, was headed by lon horiuchi (of ruby ridge fame ).
"alan mcmanus (born 21 january 1971 ) is a scottish professional snooker player, known for his clever tactical play and safety shots, giving rise to his nickname ""angles"" mcmanus."	"alan mcmanus (born 21 january 1971) is a scottish professional snooker player, known for his tactical play and safety shots, giving rise to his nickname ""angles"" mcmanus."
both non-regional parties, partido socialista de euskadi (federated to the spanish socialist workers' party) and partido popular (people's party) allied in the votation for new president and patxi lpez was elected as lehendakari on may 5 2009, ending a thirty year nationalist predominance.	both non-regional parties, partido socialista de euskadi (federated to the spanish socialist workers' party) and partido popular (people's party) reached an agreement in the votation for new president and patxi lpez was elected as lehendakari on may 5 2009, ending a thirty year nationalist predominance.
comedienne kathy griffin attended the college in the late 1970s, although she did not finish.	comedian kathy griffin attended the college in the late 1970s, although she did not finish.
during this encounter, kerry received shrapnel in his left arm.	during this encounter, kerry was wounded by shrapnel in his left arm.
hardball is an american baseball sitcom that aired on the fox network on sunday nights from september 4, 1994 to october 23, 1994. ironically the series premiered in the middle of the 1994-95 major league baseball strike and was canceled around the time that the year's world series would have been played.	hardball is an american baseball sitcom that aired on the fox network on sunday nights from september 4, 1994 to october 23, 1994. the series premiered in the middle of the 1994-95 major league baseball strike and was canceled around the time that the year's world series would have been played.
map showing kurdish-inhabited kingdoms of corduene and adiabene in the first centuries bc.	map showing the kingdoms of corduene and adiabene in the first centuries bc.
this surface ripple is also dependent on the surface speed of the cutting edges, material type and applied pressure; once started it is extremely hard to remove.	this surface ripple is also dependent on the surface speed of the cutting edges, material type and applied pressure; once started it is hard to remove.
"a second type of impossible ""perpetual motion machine"" is one which does not violate conservation of energy, but produces work by extracting heat from its surroundings, thereby cooling them down, and converting the heat energy into mechanical work."	"a second type of ""perpetual motion machine"" is one which does not violate conservation of energy, but produces work by extracting heat from its surroundings, thereby cooling them down, and converting the heat energy into mechanical work."
"the ""l'amour collection"" won the prestigious 2006 idea award (silver) by the industrial designers society of america (idsa)."	"the ""l'amour collection"" won the 2006 idea award (silver) by the industrial designers society of america (idsa)."
based on truth that goguryeo was a korean state, they emphasize its connection with goguryeo and degrade that with the mohe.	based on their belief that goguryeo was a korean state, they emphasize its connection with goguryeo and degrade that with the mohe.
even so, his collection of italian masters was most impressive (see the section on the dispersal of the paintings below).	even so, his collection of italian masters was impressive (see the section on the dispersal of the paintings below).
it was established in the year 1744 (1157 a.h.) when muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab and prince muhammad bin saud formed an alliance to found a socio-religious reform movement to unify the many states of the arabian peninsula and free it from ottoman imperialism .	it was established in the year 1744 (1157 a.h.) when muhammad ibn abd al-wahhab and prince muhammad bin saud formed an alliance to found a socio-religious reform movement to unify the many states of the arabian peninsula and free it from ottoman rule .
the famous entrance scene where a shot of the zombie's dislocated ankle is shown did not require any special effects, because the actor could actually dislocate his ankle.	the entrance scene where a shot of the zombie's dislocated ankle is shown did not require any special effects, because the actor could actually dislocate his ankle.
however, in october 2008, during talks to repatriate a portion of iceland's foreign invested pension fundsiceland having been particularly hard hit by the liquidity crisis of september 2008the unions demanded that iceland apply for eu membership in return for wage restraint.	however, in october 2008, during talks to repatriate a portion of iceland's foreign invested pension fundsiceland having been particularly hard hit by the financial crisis of september 2008the unions demanded that iceland apply for eu membership in return for wage restraint.
a major campaign was launched in support of robert relf, who had been jailed for refusing to remove a sign from outside his home declaring that it was for sale to english buyers.	a campaign was launched in support of robert relf, who had been jailed for refusing to remove a sign from outside his home declaring that it was for sale to english buyers.
today's new international version (tniv) is an english translation of the holy bible.	today's new international version (tniv) is an english translation of the bible.
the school is the product of a ground-breaking collaboration between the state (minnesota zoo), the community (city of apple valley) and a public school district (isd 196).	the school is the product of a collaboration between the state (minnesota zoo), the community (city of apple valley) and a public school district (isd 196).
the museum exhibits are at odds with the vast majority scientists who accept that the earth is approximately 4.5 billion years old, and that the dinosaurs became extinct 65.5 million years before human beings arose.	the museum exhibits are at odds with the vast majority scientists who believe that the earth is approximately 4.5 billion years old, and that the dinosaurs became extinct 65.5 million years before human beings arose.
geller's claims of paranormal powers receive no support within the mainstream scientific community and his critics see him as a very successful con artist.	geller's claims of paranormal powers receive litlle support within the mainstream scientific community and his critics see him as a very successful con artist.
in 1989 haseeb shehada in his translation of the samaritan torah identified the wilderness of paran with the desert of western arabia which is known today as hijaz	in 1989 haseeb shehada in his translation of the samaritan torah suggested an identification of the wilderness of paran with the desert of western arabia which is known today as hijaz
"john todd, a congregationalist minister from tabor who was a conductor on the underground railroad, and who stored weapons, supplies and ammunition used by abolitionist john brown in his ""invasion"" of missouri in 1857 to free a group of slaves, and laterwithout todds knowledge or involvementin his infamous 1859 raid on the u.s. military arsenal at harpers ferry, west virginia."	"john todd, a congregationalist minister from tabor who was a conductor on the underground railroad, and who stored weapons, supplies and ammunition used by abolitionist john brown in his ""invasion"" of missouri in 1857 to free a group of slaves, and laterwithout todds knowledge or involvementin his 1859 raid on the u.s. military arsenal at harpers ferry, west virginia."
the author, harry paulton, starred as dandelion, opposite the comedienne kate santley, who had appeared in the 1871-72 broadway revival.	the author, harry paulton, starred as dandelion, opposite the comedian kate santley, who had appeared in the 1871-72 broadway revival.
owen is the father of richard garriott, a leading computer programmer and the creater of the legendary ultima computer game series.	owen is the father of richard garriott, a leading computer programmer and the creater of the ultima computer game series.
list of famous and infamous people raised in houston	list of famous and people raised in houston
the evangelical council for financial accountability (efca) is an organization that promotes fiscal integrity and sound financial practices among member organizations.	the evangelical council for financial accountability (efca) is an organization that claims to promote fiscal integrity and sound financial practices among member organizations.
the film was one of the duo's biggest hits but is unfortanitly lost.	the film was one of the duo's biggest hits but is now lost.
"birmingham city council abandoned the ""winterval"" name after the 19989 season."	"birmingham city council did not use the ""winterval"" name after the 19989 season."
after appearing in a series of box office duds during 2002-2006, patel finally saw success in 2007 with the moderately successful romantic comedy honeymoon travels pvt.	after appearing in a series of box office duds during 2002-2006, patel saw success in 2007 with the moderately successful romantic comedy honeymoon travels pvt.
the cartoon is about a place called balloon land, whose residents (including popular entertainment icons such as laurel and hardy and charlie chaplin) are made entirely out of balloons.	the cartoon is about a place called balloon land, whose residents (including popular entertainment figures such as laurel and hardy and charlie chaplin) are made entirely out of balloons.
the discouraged nenene suffering from writer's block continues to lament the disappearance of yomikoeach sister has paper manipulation skills similar to yomiko, although significantly less powerful and more focused in scope.	the discouraged nenene suffering from writer's block continues to lament the disappearance of yomikoeach sister has paper manipulation skills similar to yomiko, although less powerful and more focused in scope.
"he currently is featured on his own show, mtv's the assistant, a clever parody of reality television, namely donald trump's recent hit the apprentice, which is where several aspects of dick's own show, including its title and the ""firing"" process, draw their inspiration from."	"he currently is featured on his own show, mtv's the assistant, a parody of reality television, namely donald trump's recent hit the apprentice, which is where several aspects of dick's own show, including its title and the ""firing"" process, draw their inspiration from."
his radical questioning of the value and objectivity of truth has been the focus of extensive commentary, and his influence remains substantial, particularly in the continental philosophical schools of existentialism, postmodernism, and post-structuralism.	his radical questioning of the value and objectivity of truth has been the focus of extensive commentary, and his influence remains substantial, particularly in the philosophical schools of existentialism, postmodernism, and post-structuralism.
- references to the theory occurs in many undegraduate organizational behavior textbooks without any explication of the subtleties to the theory or any acknowledgement of the flaws in the theory.	- references to the theory occurs in many undegraduate organizational behavior textbooks without any explication of the subtleties to the theory or any acknowledgement of possible flaws in the theory.
he is also known as the host of def poetry jam, which aired on hbo between 2002 and 2007. mos def has been vocal on several social and political causes, including the police brutality, the idea of american exceptionalism, and the subjugated state of black americans.	he is also known as the host of def poetry jam, which aired on hbo between 2002 and 2007. mos def has been vocal on several social and political causes, including the police brutality, the idea of american exceptionalism, and the state of black americans.
the term intrinsic redshift refers to the conjecture that a significant portion of the observed redshift of extragalactic objects (eg quasars and galaxies) may be caused by a phenomenon other than the traditionally accepted redshift mechanisms (1) cosmological redshift; (2) doppler redshift; and (3) gravitational redshift.	the term intrinsic redshift refers to the hypothesis that a significant portion of the observed redshift of extragalactic objects (eg quasars and galaxies) may be caused by a phenomenon other than the traditionally accepted redshift mechanisms (1) cosmological redshift; (2) doppler redshift; and (3) gravitational redshift.
but the home secretary (who unfortunately has since been stripped of his powers to amend minimum terms) later ordered that andrews should serve no less than the 14 years that had been recommended by her trial judge.	but the home secretary (who has since been stripped of his powers to amend minimum terms) later ordered that andrews should serve no less than the 14 years that had been recommended by her trial judge.
the second summer of the sisterhood is a novel written in 2003 by acclaimed author ann brashares.	the second summer of the sisterhood is a novel written in 2003 by author ann brashares.
nine years later, when he was running for parliament, burke claimed that it was satire.	nine years later, when he was running for parliament, burke said that it was satire.
was a popular japanese singer and actor.	was a japanese singer and actor.
friedman, two lucky people, p 59 economists also generally agree that the nra and aaa were bad policies because they relied on price fixing.	friedman, two lucky people, p 59 economists also generally agree that the nra and aaa were ineffective policies because they relied on price fixing.
essendon thrashed the kangaroos by 125 points in the 2000 afl finals series.	essendon defeated the kangaroos by 125 points in the 2000 afl finals series.
on 3 february 1954 and 12 february 1957, accidental criticality excursions occurred causing damage to the device, but fortunately only insignificant exposures to personnel.	on 3 february 1954 and 12 february 1957, accidental criticality excursions occurred causing damage to the device, but only insignificant exposures to personnel.
with the 19th century romantic enthusiasm for the middle ages, and spurred on by the lucky discovery of the original plan for the faade, it was decided, with the commitment of the protestant prussian court, to complete the cathedral.	with the 19th century romantic enthusiasm for the middle ages, and spurred on by the discovery of the original plan for the faade, it was decided, with the commitment of the protestant prussian court, to complete the cathedral.
in his notes at the end, king says he got the name from agatha christie: the snake was featured in one of her famous miss marple books.	in his notes at the end, king says he got the name from agatha christie: the snake was featured in one of her miss marple books.
the shakespeare authorship question is the argument that someone other than william shakespeare of stratford-upon-avon wrote the works traditionally attributed to him, and that the historical shakespeare was merely a front to shield the identity of the real author or authors, who for reasons such as social rank, state security or gender could not safely take public credit.	the shakespeare authorship question is the hypothesis that someone other than william shakespeare of stratford-upon-avon wrote the works traditionally attributed to him, and that the historical shakespeare was merely a front to shield the identity of the real author or authors, who for reasons such as social rank, state security or gender could not safely take public credit.
responding to jesse jackson's hypocritical remarks and use of the n-word on july 6th, 2008 regarding democratic presidential candidate barack obama, nas in an interview with mtv news said:	responding to jesse jackson's remarks and use of the n-word on july 6th, 2008 regarding democratic presidential candidate barack obama, nas in an interview with mtv news said:
telugu in hyderabad has a varied dialect called the hyderabadi dialect, and the urdu spoken in the city is called deccani urdu.	telugu in hyderabad has a varied dialect called the telangana dialect, and the urdu spoken in the city is called deccani urdu.
he is an indian politician and member of the mewar dynasty who served in the 9th lok sabha.	maharana mahendra singh mewar (born 24 february 1941) is an indian politician and member of the mewar dynasty who served in the 9th lok sabha.
he was incredibley daring and successful captain of the napoleonic wars, leading the french to nickname him 'le loup des mers' ('the sea wolf' or 'the wolf of the sea').	he was a daring and successful captain of the napoleonic wars, leading the french to nickname him 'le loup des mers' ('the sea wolf' or 'the wolf of the sea').
"pbs has referred to thomas as the leading conservative in america and asserts that his ""decisions frequently disagree with those of the court majority."""	"pbs has referred to thomas as the leading conservative in america and says that his ""decisions frequently disagree with those of the court majority."""
in 2010 rock signed to strange music and released his long-awaited debut studio album follow me home on july 26, 2011. he has since signed to interscope records which will handle the distribution on his future albums.	in 2010 rock signed to strange music and released his debut studio album follow me home on july 26, 2011. he has since signed to interscope records which will handle the distribution on his future albums.
despite this, some have succeeded in pushing though their anti-salvia laws, such as in australia ( unsiprisingly the first country to ban it), and in a few american states.	despite this, some have succeeded in pushing though their anti-salvia laws, such as in australia (the first country to ban it), and in a few american states.
ability to join 30 more groups and create your own, host events, post in the forums and own your own neighborhood	ability to join 30 more groups and create own, host events, post in the forums and own your own neighborhood
the massacre of the banu qurayza.	the punishment of the banu qurayza.
richard thomas snodgrass is an american computer scientist and prolific writer, currently employed as a professor at the university of arizona.	richard thomas snodgrass is an american computer scientist and writer, currently employed as a professor at the university of arizona.
after lane's untimely death, cody lambert, one of his traveling partners, and a founder of the professional bull riders (pbr), created the protective vest that all professional cowboys now must wear when riding bulls.	after lane's death, cody lambert, one of his traveling partners, and a founder of the professional bull riders (pbr), created the protective vest that all professional cowboys now must wear when riding bulls.
since the independence of ukraine in late 1991, attempts at regenerating the cossack lifestyle have diverged into politics, horsemanship and cultural endeavours.	since the independence of ukraine in 1991 , attempts at regenerating the cossack lifestyle have diverged into politics, horsemanship and cultural endeavours.
film comment is a renowned film journal published by the film society of lincoln center.	film comment is a film journal published by the film society of lincoln center.
the bhagavad gita, which is contained within the mahabharata, is a widely studied scripture that summarizes the spiritual teachings of the vedas.	the bhagavad gita, which is contained within the mahabharata, is a widely studied scripture that is believed to summarize the spiritual teachings of the vedas.
edward richard schreyer (born december 21, 1935), commonly known as ed schreyer, is a canadian politician, diplomat, and statesman who served as governor general of canada, the 22nd since canadian confederation.	edward richard schreyer (born december 21, 1935), commonly known as ed schreyer, is a canadian politician, diplomat, and politician who served as governor general of canada, the 22nd since canadian confederation.
"contrary to what karl popper later falsely alleged, marx & engels did not want to pose as ""prophets of the course of history"" and they rejected historicism."	"contrary to what karl popper later alleged, marx & engels did not want to pose as ""prophets of the course of history"" and they rejected historicism."
although red hair is commonly associated with those in britain and ireland (more specifically the scots and irish), dark red or reddish-tinged hair can be found in a few other caucasian populations.	although red hair is commonly associated with those in britain and ireland (more specifically the scots and irish), dark red or reddish-tinged hair can be found in a few other white populations.
most integrated development environments written for gnu/ linux and some for other operating systems support gcc.	most integrated development environments written for linux and some for other operating systems support gcc.
from afar, francis provides fodder for many interesting subplots.	from afar, francis provides fodder for many subplots.
for the comedienne sometimes known as the seventh python, see carol cleveland.	for the comedian sometimes known as the seventh python, see carol cleveland.
however, some respected newspapers, such as the independent and the times, are in tabloid format, and this size is used in the united kingdom by nearly all local newspapers.	however, some reputable newspapers, such as the independent and the times, are in tabloid format, and this size is used in the united kingdom by nearly all local newspapers.
he performs the last rites for his mother there.	he performs last rites for his mother there.
unfortunately during the course of a us tour, tensions came to a head and the bursting at the seams band did just that, with hudson and ford splitting off to record their own material, firstly as hudson ford, later as the monks and high society	however, during the course of a us tour, tensions came to a head and the bursting at the seams band did just that, with hudson and ford splitting off to record their own material, firstly as hudson ford, later as the monks and high society
thumbnail|markus winkelhock in the spyker incredibly leads his debut race from ferrari's felipe massa and mclaren's fernando alonso in the 2007 european grand prix.	thumbnail|markus winkelhock in the spyker leads his debut race from ferrari's felipe massa and mclaren's fernando alonso in the 2007 european grand prix.
to enter a higher educational establishment a student must successfully pass three centralized tests (and get up to 100 points per test).	to enter a higher educational establishment a student must pass three centralized tests (and get up to 100 points per test).
hoagland's extension of it -- to a martian civilisation fleeing the catastrophe -- is, however, unlikely .	hoagland's extension of it -- to a martian civilisation fleeing the catastrophe -- is, however, preposterous .
the british science museum has on display a beautiful collection of hand-blown glass klein bottles, exhibiting many variations on the same topological theme.	the british science museum has on display a collection of hand-blown glass klein bottles, exhibiting many variations on the same topological theme.
like any bullet, the .22 lr is nonetheless dangerous and capable of killing humans and other large animals.	like any bullet, the .22 lr is nonetheless dangerous and capable of killing humans and large animals.
irene ryan (19021973), actress and comedienne	irene ryan (19021973), actress and comedian
the actors studio was founded in 1947 by two ex-group theater actors – the then enormously successful directors, elia kazan and robert lewis.	the actors studio was founded in 1947 by two ex-group theater actors – the then successful directors, elia kazan and robert lewis.
nicholas and his family were eventually murdered by their bolshevik guards on the night of 16/17 july 1918. the remains of the imperial family were re-interred in st. petersburg 80 years later on 17 july 1998.	nicholas and his family were eventually executed by their bolshevik guards on the night of 16/17 july 1918. the remains of the imperial family were re-interred in st. petersburg 80 years later on 17 july 1998.
comb-over boy: a send-up of struggling talk show host tom leykis.	comb-over boy: a send-up of talk show host tom leykis.
"this idea has found its expression in the christian fundamentalist ex-gay movement, which publicizes cases of people who have ""walked away from homosexuality""."	"this idea has found its expression in the christian ex-gay movement, which publicizes cases of people who have ""walked away from homosexuality""."
there is also a half-rivalry with leela about their looks and love lives, with amy always ready with a bitchy putdown - although, deep down, amy does respect leela and counts her as a friend.	there is also a half-rivalry with leela about their looks and love lives, with amy always ready with a putdown - although, deep down, amy does respect leela and counts her as a friend.
mcginn claims that the lost traffic capacity could be offset by diverting more cars to interstate 5, increased transit use, walking, biking and drivers staying home.	mcginn states that the lost traffic capacity could be offset by diverting more cars to interstate 5, increased transit use, walking, biking and drivers staying home.
the author of the rumour later admitted it was a lie .	the author of the rumour later admitted it was a hoax .
in april 2004, the initial ship came in for an innovative approach to cruising that was aimed at attracting younger customers who wished to spend the majority of their time on shore rather than on board a megaship.	in april 2004, the initial ship came in for an approach to cruising that was aimed at attracting younger customers who wished to spend the majority of their time on shore rather than on board a megaship.
domestic partnerships were established in the united states state of maine by the state legislature in april 2004, taking effect on 30 july 2004. this placed maine in the category of u.s. states that offer limited recognition of same-sex relationships, but not all of the legal protections of marriage.	domestic partnerships were established in the united states state of maine by the state legislature in april 2004, taking effect on 30 july 2004. this placed maine in the category of u.s. states that offer recognition of same-sex relationships, but not all of the legal protections of marriage.
it is not quite clear which of these two plans was followed in the case of the crucifixion of christ , but the more general opinion has been that he was nailed to the cross on the ground, and that it was then lifted into position.	it is not quite clear which of these two plans was followed in the case of the crucifixion of jesus , but the more general opinion has been that he was nailed to the cross on the ground, and that it was then lifted into position.
nine people were killed , including the senior pastor, state senator clementa c. pinckney; a tenth victim survived.	nine people were massacred , including the senior pastor, state senator clementa c. pinckney; a tenth victim survived.
"controversy erupted in the gay community when homosexual mayor ron oden told love won out that ""we are so proud to have you here in the palm springs area."""	"controversy erupted in the gay community when gay mayor ron oden told love won out that ""we are so proud to have you here in the palm springs area."""
she complains epstein knew about all the physical and sexual abuse from these debriefings.	she maintains epstein knew about all the physical and sexual abuse from these debriefings.
in 1924, at the instigation of his wife, he provided crucial funding for margaret sanger in her pioneering work on birth control and involvement in population issues.	in 1924, at the instigation of his wife, he provided crucial funding for margaret sanger in her work on birth control and involvement in population issues.
agricultural societies would make good use of the children by teaching them strict obedience that would be beneficial when it was time for them to take part in family farming.	agricultural societies would make use of the children by teaching them strict obedience that would be beneficial when it was time for them to take part in family farming.
"he explained that the current israeli blockade of the gaza strip is justified not only because it keeps weapons out of the palestinian territory, but also because it shows the palestinians living there that ""when there's some moderation and cooperation, they can have an economic advancement."""	"he argued that the current israeli blockade of the gaza strip is justified not only because it keeps weapons out of the palestinian territory, but also because it shows the palestinians living there that ""when there's some moderation and cooperation, they can have an economic advancement."""
"in the all-important ""invisible primary"" of raising campaign dollars, howard dean is leading the democratic pack."	"in the ""invisible primary"" of raising campaign dollars, howard dean is leading the democratic pack."
he wrote the lyrics for the famous 43 minute metal song crimson ii by edge of sanity, which came out in 2003.	he wrote the lyrics for the 43 minute metal song crimson ii by edge of sanity, which came out in 2003.
following terrorist attacks on mine employees, the company closed the mine on 15 may 1989. serero died from asthma soon afterward and ona led the uprising with help from kauona.	following targeted attacks on mine employees, the company closed the mine on 15 may 1989. serero died from asthma soon afterward and ona led the uprising with help from kauona.
there is absolutely no evidence to support such a statement.	there is no evidence to support such a statement.
humberto moreira valds (born 28 july 1966) is a controversial mexican politician who served as president of the institutional revolutionary party (pri).	humberto moreira valds (born 28 july 1966) is a mexican politician who served as president of the institutional revolutionary party (pri).
"after the armistice he married the beautiful london socialite dorothy ""dol"" parish."	"after the armistice he married the london socialite dorothy ""dol"" parish."
the building is situated in cardiff's prestigious civic centre.	the building is situated in cardiff's civic centre.
conspiracy theories about the citizenship of barack obama hold that barack obama is not a natural-born citizen of the united states and is therefore not eligible to be president of the united states under article two of the united states constitution.	conspiracy theories about the citizenship of barack obama claim that barack obama is not a natural-born citizen of the united states and is therefore not eligible to be president of the united states under article two of the united states constitution.
john sheepshanks collected pictures, mainly by british artists, and in 1857 presented his magnificent collection to the nation.	john sheepshanks collected pictures, mainly by british artists, and in 1857 presented his notable collection to the nation.
some #yesallwomen comments complained about dress codes and men whistling at women; samantha levine, a columnist at the daily beast, noted that those things are not the same as a violent attack, and that women risk losing the legitimacy of their concerns by equating the two.	some #yesallwomen comments complained about dress codes and men whistling at women; samantha levine, a columnist at the daily beast, argued that those things are not the same as a violent attack, and that women risk losing the legitimacy of their concerns by equating the two.
like the first owner, the second owner of serralves, delfim ferreira, inherited and consolidated the textile empire of his father, narciso ferreira, whose fascinating career raised him from textile worker to one of the great industrialists in northern portugal in the late 19th century.	like the first owner, the second owner of serralves, delfim ferreira, inherited and consolidated the textile empire of his father, narciso ferreira, whose career raised him from textile worker to one of the great industrialists in northern portugal in the late 19th century.
the titles of the two translations are similar, but the two transaltions are distinct.	the titles of the two translations are similar, but the two translations are distinct.
traditional art forms, such as ceramics and calligraphy, along with mythological figures, language, large feature photographs and illustrations speak to a fascinating range of shared historical memories that connect koreans at home and abroad.	traditional art forms, such as ceramics and calligraphy, along with mythological figures, language, large feature photographs and illustrations speak to a range of shared historical memories that connect koreans at home and abroad.
cluster signed with the legendary krautrock label brain for their second release, a relationship which would continue through 1975.	cluster signed with the influential krautrock label brain for their second release, a relationship which would continue through 1975.
he has served on the contra costa county board of supervisors in contra costa county, california since 1998 and was overwhelmingly re-elected three times.	he has served on the contra costa county board of supervisors in contra costa county, california since 1998 and was re-elected three times.
jabir was born in the year 721 a.d as the son of a druggist of the famous arab-yemeni tribe of azd.	jabir was born in the year 721 ce as the son of a druggist of the famous arab-yemeni tribe of azd.
after vigorous attack from followers of noam chomsky in the following decades, the hypothesis is now believed by most linguists only in the weak sense that language can have some small effect on thought.	after vigorous attack from followers of noam chomsky in the following decades, the hypothesis is now believed by most linguists only in the weak sense that language can have some effect on thought.
so goodness is grounded in god's character and merely expressed in his commands.	so goodness is grounded in god's character and merely expressed in moral commands.
in terms of runs scored, even this performance was soon surpassed.	in terms of runs scored, this performance was soon surpassed.
the great internet mersenne prime search, or gimps, is a pointless collaborative project of volunteers, who use prime 95 and mprime, special open source software that can be downloaded from the internet for free, in order to search for mersenne prime numbers.	the great internet mersenne prime search, or gimps, is a collaborative project of volunteers, who use prime 95 and mprime, special open source software that can be downloaded from the internet for free, in order to search for mersenne prime numbers.
"also in track and field, two black american 400-m runners, vincent matthews and wayne collett, acted disrespectfully on the medal stand, twirling their medals (gold and silver, respectively) and joking with one another as ""the star-spangled banner"" was being played during the award ceremony."	"also in track and field, two black american 400-m runners, vincent matthews and wayne collett, acted casually on the medal stand, twirling their medals (gold and silver, respectively) and joking with one another as ""the star-spangled banner"" was being played during the award ceremony."
kabul to the east fell in 871 despite the heroic resistance of the hindushahi.	kabul to the east fell in 871 despite the resistance of the hindushahi.
buckhead acquired its unusual name from a long-gone local tavern that prominently displayed a large stuffed buck's head.	buckhead acquired its name from a long-gone local tavern that prominently displayed a large stuffed buck's head.
avogadro's number often yields practical implications in real life.	avogadro's number often yields practical reasonings in real life.
he also helped convince the court to transcend neptune's case, and order the haitian government to adopt a plan to improve its inhuman prison conditions within two years.	he also helped convince the court to transcend neptune's case, and order the haitian government to adopt a plan to improve its prison conditions within two years.
rosemary radford ruether (born 1936) is a controversial feminist scholar and theologian, who is married to the political scientist herman ruether.	rosemary radford ruether (born 1936) is a feminist scholar and theologian, who is married to the political scientist herman ruether.
"the september 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11pronounced ""nine eleven"") consisted of a series of coordinated terrorist suicide attacks by islamic extremists on that date upon the united states of america."	"the september 11, 2001 attacks (often referred to as 9/11pronounced ""nine eleven"") consisted of a series of coordinated suicide attacks by islamic extremists on that date upon the united states of america."
while the analysis in de l'esprit des lois is much more subtle than these later writers perceive, many of his specific claims appear foolish to modern readers.	while the analysis in de l'esprit des lois is much more subtle than these later writers perceive, many of his specific claims appear outlandish to modern readers.
in 2011, four widely popular original series are scheduled to end: sonny with a chance (later becoming so random!	in 2011, four popular original series are scheduled to end: sonny with a chance (later becoming so random!
theologian samuele bacchiocchi documented in his book, from sabbath to sunday, that there was a transition from the saturday sabbath to sunday in the early christian church due to pagan and political factors, and also the decline of standards for the sabbath day.	theologian samuele bacchiocchi contended in his book, from sabbath to sunday, that there was a transition from the saturday sabbath to sunday in the early christian church due to pagan and political factors, and also the decline of standards for the sabbath day.
the land and airborne analogues of pirates, bandits and hijackers are not subject to universal jurisdiction in the same way as piracy; this is despite strong arguments that they should be.	the land and airborne analogues of pirates, bandits and hijackers are not subject to universal jurisdiction in the same way as piracy; this is despite arguments that they should be .
the vast suez canal can handle more ship traffic and larger ships than the panama canal.	the suez canal can handle more ship traffic and larger ships than the panama canal.
hawthorn won the fateful 1958 french grand prix at reims, in which luigi musso was killed while holding second place (stirling moss eventually took second, with collins taking fifth place).	hawthorn won the 1958 french grand prix at reims, in which luigi musso was killed while holding second place (stirling moss eventually took second, with collins taking fifth place).
however this campaign was to be tragically overshadowed by the luzhniki disaster.	however this campaign was to be overshadowed by the luzhniki disaster.
this guerrila war played a large part in the disastrous spanish campaign.	this guerrilla war played a large part in the disastrous spanish campaign.
at the queen's club championships murray suffered a surprising three-set defeat to world no 65 nicolas mahut.	at the queen's club championships murray suffered a three-set defeat to world no 65 nicolas mahut.
bah'u'llh, the prophet-founder of the bah' faith, was a follower of the bb and claimed to be the fulfillment of his prophecy.	bah'u'llh, the founder of the bah' faith, was a follower of the bb and claimed to be the fulfillment of his prophecy.
wales and scotland have also contributed many fine writers to the uk's stock of great literature, particularly in poetry.	wales and scotland have also contributed many notable writers to the uk's stock of great literature, particularly in poetry.
bolivia requested to peru to activate a secret defensive alliance treaty of 1873. peru preferred a peaceful resolution and attempted to mediate by sending a senior diplomat to negotiate with the chilean government.	bolivia requested to peru to activate a secret alliance treaty of 1873. peru preferred a peaceful resolution and attempted to mediate by sending a senior diplomat to negotiate with the chilean government.
fisher received backlash from several men's rights groups after making a controversial sexist statement that the primary job of women was to manipulate and rule men.	fisher received backlash from several men's rights groups after making a controversial statement that the primary job of women was to manipulate and rule men.
it involves the establishment of the unjust state of israel as a jewish nation state, as well as the relationship between the arab nations and the state of israel (see related israeli-palestinian conflict).	it involves the establishment of the state of israel as a jewish nation state, as well as the relationship between the arab nations and the state of israel (see related israeli-palestinian conflict).
boston college theologian francis sullivan claims that apostolic succession in the episcopate remains a church-dividing issue, a source of debate even within the catholic church.	boston college theologian francis sullivan says that apostolic succession in the episcopate remains a church-dividing issue, a source of debate even within the catholic church.
the film is the second adaptation of king's novel, following the corny 1990 tv miniseries.	the film is the second adaptation of king's novel, following the 1990 tv miniseries.
in course of the turkish war of independence, they successfully resisted greek, armenian and french forces and secured a territory similar to that of present-day turkey (misak- milli).	in course of the turkish war of independence, they successfully fought greek, armenian and french forces and secured a territory similar to that of present-day turkey (misak- milli).
there are some non-hungarian geographical names that exclude vowels at all (e.g.	there are some non-hungarian geographical names that have no vowels at all (e.g.
sir tasker watkins vc, 88, british second world war hero , lord justice of appeal, former president of wru, after short illness.	sir tasker watkins vc, 88, british second world war veteran , lord justice of appeal, former president of wru, after short illness.
excerpts from the book give its general tone and approach to controversial topics regarding mankind :	excerpts from the book give its general tone and approach to controversial topics regarding humankind :
perversion is a derogatory term for deviation from the original meaning or doctrine, or the normal.	perversion is a derogatory term for deviation from the original meaning or doctrine, or from what is perceived to be normal.
along with his exquisite short film pikoo (pikoo's day) this was the culmination of his work in this period.	along with his acclaimed short film pikoo (pikoo's day) this was the culmination of his work in this period.
gilda radner (1946-1989), comedienne , saturday night live (class of 1964)	gilda radner (1946-1989), comedian , saturday night live (class of 1964)
tiffany estrella attwood, a local planning commissioner and family-oriented bay area business woman has announced her candidacy.	tiffany estrella attwood, a local planning commissioner and bay area business woman has announced her candidacy.
) is an american supermodel known for her many appearances in the sports illustrated swimsuit issues and victoria's secret catalogs.	) is an american model known for her many appearances in the sports illustrated swimsuit issues and victoria's secret catalogs.
hissne habr (born 1942), also spelled hissen habr, was the brutal leader of chad from 1982 until he was deposed in 1990.	hissne habr (born 1942), also spelled hissen habr, was the leader of chad from 1982 until he was deposed in 1990.
as the book presents a positive image of gays to children, it regularly draws censure from conservative groups, often with religious associations or motivations.	as the book presents a positive image of gay people to children, it regularly draws censure from conservative groups, often with religious associations or motivations.
james henry fetzer (born december 6, 1940 in pasadena, california) is an american conspiracy theorist and a retired philosophy professor at the university of minnesota duluth.	james henry fetzer (born december 6, 1940 in pasadena, california) is an american conspiracy researcher and a retired philosophy professor at the university of minnesota duluth.
to resolve the dispute, pillar boxes in scotland are either marked 'post office' or use the scots crown.	to avoid the dispute, pillar boxes in scotland are either marked 'post office' or use the scots crown.
"those who use the analogy argue that services afforded to palestinian and settler populations in the israeli-occupied territories constitute a system of apartheid, which translates as ""apartness."""	"those who use the analogy argue that that the separate roads, infrastructure, legal rights, and access to land and resources afforded to palestinian and settler populations in the israeli-occupied territories constitute a system of apartheid, which translates as ""apartness."""
he established that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors, and in a joint publication with alfred russel wallace introduced his scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection, in which the struggle for existence has a similar effect to the artificial selection involved in selective breeding.	he argued that all species of life have descended over time from common ancestors, and in a joint publication with alfred russel wallace introduced his scientific theory that this branching pattern of evolution resulted from a process that he called natural selection, in which the struggle for existence has a similar effect to the artificial selection involved in selective breeding.
schwa as a neutral vowel	bob as a neutral vowel
after being delayed from its original debut in december 2003, megas xlr finally debuted on toonami in may 1, 2004 and was cancelled in april 26, 2005. however, there is a struggling fan effort to save the show.	after being delayed from its original debut in december 2003, megas xlr finally debuted on toonami in may 1, 2004 and was cancelled in april 26, 2005. however, there is a fan effort to save the show.
sata offers several compelling advantages over the older parallel ata (pata) interface: reduced cable-bulk and cost (reduced from 80 wires to seven), faster and more efficient data transfer, and hot swapping.	sata offers several advantages over the older parallel ata (pata) interface: reduced cable-bulk and cost (reduced from 80 wires to seven), faster and more efficient data transfer, and hot swapping.
the afdc system was under constant attack in the 1980s; these continued in the 1990s, when the system became a favorite target of newt gingrich and other republican leaders.	the afdc system was under constant attack in the 1980s; these continued in the 1990s, when the system became a common target of newt gingrich and other republican leaders.
siding with the axis would have meant that portugal would have been at war with britain, which would have threatened portuguese colonies, while siding with the allies might compromise the european territory (there is at least speculation of a plan by franco in the early months of the war of invading both portugal and gibraltar, jointly with the nazis) or the survival of fascism in portugal.	siding with the axis would have meant that portugal would have been at war with britain, which would have threatened portuguese colonies, while siding with the allies might compromise the european territory (there is at least speculation of a plan by franco in the early months of the war of invading both portugal and gibraltar, jointly with the nazis) or the survival of his government in portugal.
robert sun is the inventor of the popular 24 game.	robert sun is the inventor of the 24 game.
another clever cover was by the stanford harmonies collegiate a capella group, who played the song entirely on pitch pipes- the only instrument used in a capella.	another cover was by the stanford harmonies collegiate a capella group, who played the song entirely on pitch pipes- the only instrument used in a capella.
"installing a pocket door rather than a traditional hinged door can add an average of ten square feet of floor space, according to building expert tim carter, who considers the pocket door ""one of the top ten most overlooked items when many architects and builders plan a home."""	"installing a pocket door rather than a hinged door can add an average of ten square feet of floor space, according to building expert tim carter, who considers the pocket door ""one of the top ten most overlooked items when many architects and builders plan a home."""
on march 3, 1873 grant signed a reasonable government official pay increase, but the law allowed an outrageous congressional retroactive two year salary payoff.	on march 3, 1873 grant signed a reasonable government official pay increase, but the law allowed an excessive congressional retroactive two year salary payoff.
this call followed comments by disgraced former fema director michael d. brown, who claimed that the white house offer to federalize the national guard in the days following the storm (see above) was part of a plan to upstage blanco.	this call followed comments by former fema director michael d. brown, who claimed that the white house offer to federalize the national guard in the days following the storm (see above) was part of a plan to upstage blanco.
admittedly in the absence of main rival alessandro petacchi, and an early injury of robbie mcewen, he met the expectations by winning two stages (stages 6 and 12), and winning the maillot vert competition.	in the absence of main rival alessandro petacchi, and an early injury of robbie mcewen, he met the expectations by winning two stages (stages 6 and 12), and winning the maillot vert competition.
the coast line of the great australian bight is characterised by stunning cliff faces (up to 60 m high), surfing beaches and rock platforms, ideal for whale-watching.	the coast line of the great australian bight is characterised by cliff faces (up to 60 m high), surfing beaches and rock platforms, ideal for whale-watching.
in focusing on the capacity for self-determination, humanism rejects transcendental justifications, such as a dependence on faith, the supernatural, or texts of supposedly divine origin.	in focusing on the capacity for self-determination, humanism rejects transcendental justifications, such as a dependence on faith, the supernatural, or texts of putatively divine origin.
moms mabley (18991975), comedienne	moms mabley (18991975), comedian
this pattern continued throughout the 1980s, with strange weather (1987) being her most important album of the decade.	this pattern continued throughout the 1980s, with strange weather (1987) being her most critically lauded album of the decade.
the faculties at aau universities include 2,993 members of the prestigious national academies (82% of all members): the national academy of science, the national academy of engineering, and the institute of medicine (2004).	the faculties at aau universities include 2,993 members of the national academies (82% of all members): the national academy of science, the national academy of engineering, and the institute of medicine (2004).
some locals have banned the use of certain rodeo tack including flank straps and certain events such as steer tripping.	some local rodeos have banned the use of certain rodeo tack including flank straps and certain events such as steer tripping.
the passover massacre (also known as the netanya bombing) was a suicide bombing carried out by palestinian terrorists in the park hotel at netanya on march 27, 2002. the attack killed 30 israeli civilians and triggered operation defensive shield.	the passover massacre (also known as the netanya bombing) was a suicide bombing carried out by palestinian militants in the park hotel at netanya on march 27, 2002. the attack killed 30 israeli civilians and triggered operation defensive shield.
james shepherd pike (sept. 8, 1811 - nov. 29, 1882), born in calais, maine, was a leading journalist in the united states during the mid 19th century.	james shepherd pike (sept. 8, 1811 - nov. 29, 1882), born in calais, maine, was a journalist in the united states during the mid 19th century.
this vista point offers visitors some of the most breathtaking views of the tagus river, the 25 de abril bridge and the cristo-rei monument.	this vista point offers visitors some of the most scenic views of the tagus river, the 25 de abril bridge and the cristo-rei monument.
the knights, who were ranked as high as 12th nationally throughout the season, hosted the first round but unfortunately lost the close match.	the knights, who were ranked as high as 12th nationally throughout the season, hosted the first round but lost the close match.
"this phrase as the title for an episode (""guns not butter"") in season four of the hit television show the west wing (19992006) that focused on the portion of the federal budget devoted to foreign aid."	"this phrase as the title for an episode (""guns not butter"") in season four of the television show the west wing (19992006) that focused on the portion of the federal budget devoted to foreign aid."
some christian theologians characterize christian science as a cult, sometimes focussing negatively on mary baker eddy's lack of formal qualifications, her gender, and her advanced age at the time of her passing , though mary baker eddy constantly turned her students away from any tendency to place her on a pedestal.	some christian theologians characterize christian science as a cult, sometimes focussing negatively on mary baker eddy's lack of formal qualifications, her gender, and her advanced age at the time of her death , though mary baker eddy constantly turned her students away from any tendency to place her on a pedestal.
much of her work for the guardian is in the form of short, hilarious , topical pieces (typically featuring parenthetical diversions from the main topic), but she also writes political commentary, interviews and reviews.	much of her work for the guardian is in the form of short, lighthearted , topical pieces (typically featuring parenthetical diversions from the main topic), but she also writes political commentary, interviews and reviews.
following his election, he reversed his position on recreational marijuana and stated he believed medical marijuana should be allowed but stated the federal government may seek legal resolutions for those states which regulate the growth and sale of recreational marijuana.	following his election, he adjusted his position on recreational marijuana and stated he believed medical marijuana should be allowed but stated the federal government may seek legal resolutions for those states which regulate the growth and sale of recreational marijuana.
barnett died tragically on 2 october 1918, aged 38 at the parramatta district hospital from the effects of meningitis after a three-week battle with pneumonia.	barnett died on 2 october 1918, aged 38 at the parramatta district hospital from the effects of meningitis after a three-week battle with pneumonia.
unfortunately they lost to the waverly reds.	however they lost to the waverly reds.
the failure of the kirtland safety society, a wildcat bank founded by church leaders, led to widespread dissent in 1837. loyalists to joseph smith held a high council trial on september 3, 1837 which ejected luke johnson, lyman johnson and john f. boynton from the quorum of the twelve.	the failure of the kirtland safety society, a bank founded by church leaders, led to widespread dissent in 1837. loyalists to joseph smith held a high council trial on september 3, 1837 which ejected luke johnson, lyman johnson and john f. boynton from the quorum of the twelve.
the haditha killings was an alleged attack on iraqi civilians by united states marines in the town of haditha, iraq on november 19, 2005. a squad of marines is alleged to have killed 24 iraqi civilians after insurgents murdered lance corporal miguel terrazas by detonating an improvised explosive device.	the haditha killings was an alleged attack on iraqi civilians by united states marines in the town of haditha, iraq on november 19, 2005. a squad of marines is alleged to have liquidated 24 iraqi civilians after insurgents murdered lance corporal miguel terrazas by detonating an improvised explosive device.
on august 27, just three weeks after receiving the petition, the epa denied the petition seeking the ban on lead ammunition.	on august 27, three weeks after receiving the petition, the epa denied the petition seeking the ban on lead ammunition.
in late august the detachment was pulled from the line for a complete refit with tiger iis.	in late august the detachment was pulled from the line for a refit with tiger iis.
these include a sense of loss for their mutilated foreskin, a desire to restore a more natural appearance, a desire to improve the glans's sensitivity to sexual stimulation or protect it from chafing, and for regaining a sense of wholeness.	these include a sense of loss for their excised foreskin, a desire to restore a more natural appearance, a desire to improve the glans's sensitivity to sexual stimulation or protect it from chafing, and for regaining a sense of wholeness.
religious groups have objected to the very measurement of the efficacy of prayer and observed that what the studies measure is mechanical rather than real prayer.	religious groups have objected to the very measurement of the efficacy of prayer and believe that what the studies measure is mechanical rather than real prayer.
upegyptian bust of a ptolemaic queen, possibly cleopatra vii, 5030 bc, brooklyn museum	upegyptian portrait of a ptolemaic queen, possibly cleopatra vii, 5030 bc, brooklyn museum
on 22 may 2008, congresswoman linda t. sanchez introduced h.r.	on 22 may 2008, congressperson linda t. sanchez introduced h.r.
propaganda was skillfully used by the nsdap in the years leading up to and during adolf hitler's leadership of germany (19331945).	propaganda was used by the nsdap in the years leading up to and during adolf hitler's leadership of germany (19331945).
david granger (born 23 january 1955) is a former leading australian rules footballer, playing with st kilda football club in the victorian football league and port adelaide football club in the south australian national football league (sanfl).	david granger (born 23 january 1955) is a former australian rules footballer, playing with st kilda football club in the victorian football league and port adelaide football club in the south australian national football league (sanfl).
(; born marrakech, morocco, october 13 1954), also known by his baptismal name john crossman, is an israeli former nuclear technician who revealed details of israel's nuclear weapons program to the british press in 1986. he was subsequently abducted in rome by an israeli mossad agent and smuggled to israel, where he was tried in secret and convicted of treason.	(; born marrakech, morocco, october 13 1954), also known by his baptismal name john crossman, is an israeli former nuclear technician who revealed details of israel's nuclear weapons program to the british press in 1986. he was subsequently detained in rome by an israeli mossad agent and smuggled to israel, where he was tried in secret and convicted of treason.
the german invasion of poland began on september 1, 1939, and the wehrmacht seized half the country quickly despite heroic polish resistance.	the german invasion of poland began on september 1, 1939, and the wehrmacht seized half the country quickly despite heavy polish resistance.
"the iraqi insurgency comprises various guerrilla and insurgent groups who are engaged in a struggle, usually violent, against the multinational forces (often incorrectly referred to as ""foreign occupation forces""; a majority of whom are from the the united states and great britian) and the new iraqi army."	"the iraqi insurgency comprises various guerrilla and insurgent groups who are engaged in a struggle, usually violent, against the multinational forces (often referred to as ""foreign occupation forces""; a majority of whom are from the the united states and great britian) and the new iraqi army."
human rights watch (hrw) is an american-founded international non-governmental organization that conducts research and advocacy on human rights.	human rights watch (hrw) is an international non-governmental organization that conducts research and advocacy on human rights.
in 1999, she was awarded a qeii fellowship and came to australia, where she was a founding member of the australian research council centre of excellence for quantum computer technology.	in 1999, she was awarded a qeii fellowship and went to australia, where she was a founding member of the australian research council centre of excellence for quantum computer technology.
the hospital pumped steven up with steroids and sent him home with a growing brain abscess, although his parents had asked for a cat scan.	the hospital gave steven up with steroids and sent him home with a growing brain abscess, although his parents had asked for a cat scan.
"the u.s. government denies that the term tempest is an acronym or has any particular meaning , however various backronyms have been suggested, laconically, including ""transmitted electro-magnetic pulse / energy standards & testing"" ""telecommunications electromagnetic protection, equipments, standards & techniques"", ""transient electromagnetic pulse emanation standard"" and ""telecommunications electronics material protected from emanating spurious transmissions"" or, jokingly, tiny electromagnetic particles emitting secret things."	"the u.s. government has stated that the term tempest is an acronym or has any particular meaning , however various backronyms have been suggested, laconically, including ""transmitted electro-magnetic pulse / energy standards & testing"" ""telecommunications electromagnetic protection, equipments, standards & techniques"", ""transient electromagnetic pulse emanation standard"" and ""telecommunications electronics material protected from emanating spurious transmissions"" or, jokingly, tiny electromagnetic particles emitting secret things."
the only surviving element from the original series was believed to be creative artists agency, the talent agency which masterminded the spin-off idea.	the only surviving element from the original series was believed to be creative artists agency, the talent agency which conceived the spin-off idea.
"chi tao tong (originally known as ""chi tao hall"") was founded in the macau sar , china during 1906. before its establishment, macau had garnered many religious believers and faithful followers, but no brick-and-mortar meeting places."	"chi tao tong (originally known as ""chi tao hall"") was founded in the macau, china during 1906. before its establishment, macau had garnered many religious believers and faithful followers, but no brick-and-mortar meeting places."
many of its prisoners were political prisoners (i.e., people considered fascists), but the majority consisted of volksdeutsche and germans (these two groups encompassed almost all silesians), with some poles and at least 38 inmates of other nationalities; often entire german villages were deported to such concentration camps.	many of its prisoners were political prisoners (i.e., people considered fascists) , but the majority consisted of silesians from i and ii categorie volksliste and germans (these two groups encompassed almost all silesians), with some poles and at least 38 inmates of other nationalities; often entire german villages were deported to such concentration camps.
gertrude niesen (july 8, 1911 – march 27, 1975) was an american torch singer, actress, comedienne and songwriter who achieved popular success in musicals and films in the 1930s and 1940s.	gertrude niesen (july 8, 1911 – march 27, 1975) was an american torch singer, actress, comedian and songwriter who achieved popular success in musicals and films in the 1930s and 1940s.
general stewart of garth, in a footnote, relates that prince charles edward stuart was anxious to save the house and property of lord stair at kirkliston during the 45 rising.	general stewart of garth, in a footnote, relates that charles edward stuart was anxious to save the house and property of lord stair at kirkliston during the 45 rising.
lincolnshire has a number of interesting local dishes, including stuffed chine and haslet, and navenby is home to several local food champions.	lincolnshire has a number of local dishes, including stuffed chine and haslet, and navenby is home to several local food champions.
the person making the attempt, and any juryman who consents, are equally punishable.	the person making the attempt, and any member of the jury who consents, are equally punishable.
september 2016 deir ez-zor air raid  an accidental strike by coalition forces on syrian arab army soldiers	september 2016 deir ez-zor air raid  an previous strike by coalition forces on syrian arab army soldiers
the son of ugolino iii trinci, he initially reigned together with his brothers niccol and bartolomeo, until they were both treacherously assassinated, together with much of his family, by the castellan of nocera umbra.	the son of ugolino iii trinci, he initially reigned together with his brothers niccol and bartolomeo, until they were both assassinated, together with much of his family, by the castellan of nocera umbra.
the success was followed by their third album, celebrity, which held the title of the second-fastest selling album of all time.	the release was followed by their third album, celebrity, which held the title of the second-fastest selling album of all time.
totaling a massive $526 million expansion, this project includes a seven-story administrative office tower, living space for 122 homeless veterans, a 2,000-car parking garage, and a seven-story tower with 222 patient beds.	totaling a $526 million expansion, this project includes a seven-story administrative office tower, living space for 122 homeless veterans, a 2,000-car parking garage, and a seven-story tower with 222 patient beds.
it will be broadcast on bbc one in 2008. this episode marks the proper return of former companion rose tyler following some brief cameo appearances earlier in the series.	it will be broadcast on bbc one in 2008. this episode marks the return of former companion rose tyler following some brief cameo appearances earlier in the series.
the village has its own amateur dramatic group, 'bads', which puts on well-attended productions twice a year, as well as a youth group, women 's institute and a gardening association.	the village has its own amateur dramatic group, 'bads', which puts on productions twice a year, as well as a youth group, women 's institute and a gardening association.
medicare spending will be reduced by only 2% per year versus the planned levels.	medicare spending will be reduced by 2% per year versus the planned levels.
there is a strong tendency in the church to ignore these kind of arguments as meaningless and unimportant for our salvation.	there is a strong tendency in the church to ignore these kind of arguments as meaningless and unimportant for salvation.
parliament accepted the boundary commission's fifth periodic review of westminster constituencies by making slight changes to this constituency for the 2010 general election, namely the addition of the wards crummock, dalton, derwent valley and keswick in the allerdale district.	parliament accepted the boundary commission's fifth periodic review of westminster constituencies by making changes to this constituency for the 2010 general election, namely the addition of the wards crummock, dalton, derwent valley and keswick in the allerdale district.
the film received mixed reviews from critics.	the film received negative reviews from critics.
the village, which lies close to the river western bug, attained tragic notoriety during the holocaust through the treblinka extermination camp.	the village, which lies close to the river western bug, attained notoriety during the holocaust through the treblinka extermination camp.
the heroic defence of stalingrad from july to november 1942, the counter-offensive of 19 november 1942 that trapped the axis forces in and around the city, and the german surrender on 2 february 1943 marked the turning-point of the entire second world war.	the defence of stalingrad from july to november 1942, the counter-offensive of 19 november 1942 that trapped the axis forces in and around the city, and the german surrender on 2 february 1943 marked the turning-point of the entire second world war.
lenny wallace is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by desune coleman.	lenny wallace is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by desune coleman.
2009 flora london marathon: the first celebraity to finish, with a fantastic time of under 3 hrs 11 minutes.	2009 flora london marathon: the first celebraity to finish, with a time of under 3 hrs 11 minutes.
this tactic has been mostly abandoned because it involves a high risk of detention for the commandos .	this tactic has been mostly abandoned because it involves a high risk of detention for the killers .
additionally, there are some people in taiwan who favour chinese reunification.	additionally, there are people in taiwan who favour chinese reunification.
the cold war was the continuing state of conflict, tension and competition that existed after world war ii between the soviet union and its satellites and the democratic powers of the western world under the leadership of the united states from the mid-1940s to the early 1990s.	the cold war was the continuing state of conflict, tension and competition that existed after world war ii between the soviet union and its satellites and the powers of the western world under the leadership of the united states from the mid-1940s to the early 1990s.
he played college basketball for duke university and was one of the best basketball recruits in the class of 2011. he played a key role on the warriors' 2018 nba championship team after a slew of injuries to their four all-stars during the regular season and the opening rounds of the playoffs.	he played college basketball for duke university and was one of the top rated basketball recruits in the class of 2011. he played a key role on the warriors' 2018 nba championship team after a slew of injuries to their four all-stars during the regular season and the opening rounds of the playoffs.
karen taylor (comedian) (born 1976), british comedienne	karen taylor (comedian) (born 1976), british comedian
the second video, titled bon voyage, was released in fall of 2010. holden co-owner and professional snowboarder mikey leblanc won the prestigious stand-out of the year award from transworld snowboarding for his part in bon voyage.	the second video, titled bon voyage, was released in fall of 2010. holden co-owner and professional snowboarder mikey leblanc won the stand-out of the year award from transworld snowboarding for his part in bon voyage.
the free zone (or independent scientologists or scientology freezone) comprises a variety of groups and individuals who practice scientology beliefs and techniques independently of the official church of scientology (cos).	the free zone (or independent scientologists or scientology freezone) comprises a variety of groups and individuals who practice scientology beliefs and techniques independently of the church of scientology (cos).
sadly the new york project ran into trouble and it as well as the walt disney world location was aborted.	eventually the new york project ran into trouble and it as well as the walt disney world location was aborted.
the shadow is available in several sizes, ranging from leaner 125cc model, to a larger 1100cc ( the huge 1300cc - 1800cc honda vtx does not share the shadow name).	the shadow is available in several sizes, ranging from leaner 125cc model, to a larger 1100cc ( the 1300cc - 1800cc honda vtx does not share the shadow name).
there are diverse views of the issues involved with many traditional christians with the view that only parts are applicable, some protestants with the view that none is applicable, and a minority with the view that all are still applicable to believers in jesus and the new covenant.	there are diverse views of the issues involved with many traditional christians with the view that only parts are applicable, many protestants with the view that none is applicable, and a minority with the view that all are still applicable to believers in jesus and the new covenant.
a number of new entities have come into existence to champion what moderates believe to be historic baptist principles and cooperative spirit abandoned by sbc leaders.	a number of new entities have come into existence to champion what liberals believe to be historic baptist principles and cooperative spirit abandoned by sbc leaders.
yuri mamin (; born 8 may 1946) is a celebrated soviet and russian film director, stage director, screenwriter, composer, author and television host, honored art worker of the russian federation.	yuri mamin (; born 8 may 1946) is a soviet and russian film director, stage director, screenwriter, composer, author and television host, honored art worker of the russian federation.
"howlite is also sold in its natural state, sometimes under the misleading trade names of ""white turquoise"" or ""white buffalo turquoise,"" or the derived name ""white buffalo stone."""	"howlite is also sold in its natural state, sometimes under the trade names of ""white turquoise"" or ""white buffalo turquoise,"" or the derived name ""white buffalo stone."""
in october 2007, spanish judge baltasar garzn has declared the competence of the spanish jurisdiction in the spanish-sahrawi disappearances between 1976 and 1987 in western sahara ( occupied by morocco), and there have been charges brought against some moroccan military heads, some of them currently in power , like the head of morocco's armed forces, general housni benlismane, charged for the detention and disappearance campaign of smara in 1976. his substitute, judge fernando pablo ruz, reopened the cause in november 2010.	in october 2007, spanish judge baltasar garzn has declared the competence of the spanish jurisdiction in the spanish-sahrawi disappearances between 1976 and 1987 in western sahara ( mostly controlled by morocco), and there have been charges brought against some moroccan military heads, some of them currently in power , like the head of morocco's armed forces, general housni benlismane, charged for the detention and disappearance campaign of smara in 1976. his substitute, judge fernando pablo ruz, reopened the cause in november 2010.
however, he returned a year later with a vengeance and won a tremendous victory which ended in the fifth and final capture of the city by the romans in 299. he returned it to the persian king narses in exchange for armenia and western mesopotamia.	however, he returned a year later with a vengeance and won a victory which ended in the fifth and final capture of the city by the romans in 299. he returned it to the persian king narses in exchange for armenia and western mesopotamia.
nasser was assassinated in west beirut by israel defense forces in the 1973 israeli raid on lebanon (operation spring of youth), on the night of april 9/april 10, 1973. one of the killers was reportedly ehud barak, dressed up as a woman, who later became prime minister of israel.	nasser was assassinated in west beirut by israel defense forces in the 1973 israeli raid on lebanon (operation spring of youth), on the night of april 9/april 10, 1973. one of the soldiers involved was reportedly ehud barak, dressed up as a woman, who later became prime minister of israel.
as well as acting, he is a talented songwriter.	as well as acting, he is a songwriter.
"the b-side was entitled ""the smile song"", which was written and performed by the comedienne victoria wood."	"the b-side was entitled ""the smile song"", which was written and performed by the comedian victoria wood."
unfortunately , no one has been able to use the prophesies to actually predict a future event.	to date , no one has been able to use the prophesies to actually predict a future event.
.the maoists have been known to engage in forced conscription and recruiting child soldiers	.the maoists have been known to engage in forced conscription and the asian center for human rights alleges that they recruit child soldiers
in april, brian signed a big deal with comedy central to star in two one-hour stand-up specials, release the specials on dvd, develop a show for the network, and headline a theater tour, brian regan in concert: a comedy central live event, which began june 8, 2007.	in april, brian signed a deal with comedy central to star in two one-hour stand-up specials, release the specials on dvd, develop a show for the network, and headline a theater tour, brian regan in concert: a comedy central live event, which began june 8, 2007.
the experience of hurricane katrina and similar events revealed a possible disadvantage to the geographic assignment of cellular numbers.	the experience of hurricane katrina and similar events revealed a possible disadvantage of the methods employed in the geographic assignment of cellular numbers.
once denied diplomatic recognition by the free world, the soviet union had official relations with practically all nations of the world by the late 1940s.	once denied diplomatic recognition by the western world, the soviet union had official relations with practically all nations of the world by the late 1940s.
the town government refused the request immediately, under pressure from the then hard- socialist yugoslav government.	the town government refused the request immediately, under pressure from the then socialist yugoslav government .
supposedly supports right-to-left languages, bi-directional templates are non-existent, other than those supplied with the joomla!	supports right-to-left languages, bi-directional templates are non-existent, other than those supplied with the joomla!
in april 1991, one month after her divorce from kardashian, jenner married her second husband , former olympian caitlyn jenner (formerly bruce jenner), who completed her transition to a woman, taking the name of caitlyn, in 2015. they have two daughters together: kendall (born 1995) and kylie (born 1997).	in april 1991, one month after her divorce from kardashian, jenner married her second spouse , former olympian caitlyn jenner (formerly bruce jenner), who completed her transition to a woman, taking the name of caitlyn, in 2015. they have two daughters together: kendall (born 1995) and kylie (born 1997).
bhi specializes in the development of state-of-the-art economic and statistical models for policy analysis.	bhi specializes in the development of economic and statistical models for policy analysis.
two masterpieces of italian renaissance poetry, the orlando innamorato and orlando furioso, are even further detached from history than the earlier chansons.	two masterpieces of italian renaissance poetry, the orlando innamorato and orlando furioso, are further detached from history than the earlier chansons.
chanigin' lanes is the eighth solo studio album by houston hip hop legend lil keke.	chanigin' lanes is the eighth solo studio album by houston hip hop rapper lil keke.
widely known for her critique of identity politics and her philosophical work on the concept of justice, fraser is also a strident critic of contemporary liberal feminism and its abandonment of social justice issues.	widely known for her critique of identity politics and her philosophical work on the concept of justice, fraser is also a staunch critic of contemporary liberal feminism and its abandonment of social justice issues.
he is also accused by conservative groups as being a representative of the so-called culture-of-death for his pro- abortion and pro-euthanasia stances.	he is also accused by conservative groups as being a representative of the so-called culture-of-death for his pro- choice and pro-euthanasia stances.
he apologized for the incident and stated that he was so upset by the accusations made against him and the erroneous perceptions that he had briefly considered suicide.	he apologized for the incident and stated that he was so upset by the accusations made against him and the subsequent perceptions that he had briefly considered suicide.
some extreme environmentalists criticize civilizations for their exploitation of the environment.	some environmentalists criticize civilizations for their exploitation of the environment.
the so-called islamic state later claimed responsibility for the attack, and investigators are trying to determine if this was a lone wolf terror attack or if it was coordinated.	the islamic state later claimed responsibility for the attack, and investigators are trying to determine if this was a lone wolf terror attack or if it was coordinated.
delayed due to protests on campus caused by student paranoia over the vietnam war, the machine was moved to burroughs corporation's paoli research center in paoli, pennsylvania.	delayed due to protests on campus caused by student concern over the vietnam war, the machine was moved to burroughs corporation's paoli research center in paoli, pennsylvania.
clare nasir (born june 20,1970 in milton keynes, england) is a beautiful meteorologist, gmtv presenter, and producer.	clare nasir (born june 20,1970 in milton keynes, england) is a meteorologist, gmtv presenter, and producer.
congressional investigators such as robert boettcher discovered what they described as breathtaking financial misdoing, including a scheme to raise money for a church pr fund that disguised itself as a fundraiser for sick children.	congressional investigators such as robert boettcher reported what they described as breathtaking financial misdoing, including a scheme to raise money for a church pr fund that disguised itself as a fundraiser for sick children.
"in 1999, he met with the terrorist leader nayef hawatmeh, declaring ""i am even prepared to meet with the devil if it helps to bring peace."""	"in 1999, he met with the dflp leader nayef hawatmeh, declaring ""i am even prepared to meet with the devil if it helps to bring peace."""
r. k. milholland has expressed a dislike for the con following his attendence as a guest in 2004. other webcomic artists, however, have claimed to have thoroughly enjoyed the con in their visits, including jeffrey t. darlington , jeph jacques and ananth panagariya .	r. k. milholland has expressed a dislike for the con following his attendence as a guest in 2004. other webcomic artists, however, have claimed to have enjoyed the con in their visits, including jeffrey t. darlington , jeph jacques and ananth panagariya .
officials in the hamas -ruled territory said that one civilian man was killed and another was wounded.	officials in the hamas governed territory said that one civilian man was killed and another was wounded.
on 7th june 2009, leona confirmed she was halfway through recording the album, having finished 20 tracks, some of which featuring vocals from justin timberlake.	on 7th june 2009, lewis confirmed she was halfway through recording the album, having finished 20 tracks, some of which featuring vocals from justin timberlake.
the romanian warships succeeded in defending the coast of the danube delta, corresponding to an area around the port of sulina, while also aiding in the delta's defense from inland enemy forces.	the romanian warships succeeded in defending the coast of the danube delta, corresponding to an area around the port of sulina, while also aiding in the delta's defense from inland central powers forces.
like serials or novel sequences, these episodic games are often played in weekly sessions over a period of months or even years, although many gamers prefer playing one session games.	like serials or novel sequences, these episodic games are often played in weekly sessions over a period of months or even years, although some gamers prefer playing one session games.
reasons for the attack include notable leaks such as u.s. equipment expenditure, human rights violations in guantanamo bay and the battle over the iraqi town of fallujah.	reasons for the report include notable leaks such as u.s. equipment expenditure, human rights violations in guantanamo bay and the battle over the iraqi town of fallujah.
"the symbol for the standby button was created by superimposing the symbols ""|"" and ""o""; however, it is commonly misinterpreted as the numerals ""0"" and ""1""."	"the symbol for the standby button was created by superimposing the symbols ""|"" and ""o""; however, it is commonly interpreted as the numerals ""0"" and ""1""."
radical anti -statists differ greatly according to the beliefs they hold in addition to anti-statism.	anti -statists differ greatly according to the beliefs they hold in addition to anti-statism.
marshall is also a fine comic actor who often plays wisecracking guys who tell it like it is, having appeared in the television series murphy brown and in such movies as goldfinger (uncredited), grand theft auto, lost in america, jumpin' jack flash, runaway bride, orange county, and a league of their own, directed by his sister.	marshall is also a comic actor who often plays wisecracking guys who tell it like it is, having appeared in the television series murphy brown and in such movies as goldfinger (uncredited), grand theft auto, lost in america, jumpin' jack flash, runaway bride, orange county, and a league of their own, directed by his sister.
human attitudes towards religion are similar to those in the contemporary united states - some are devout believers, others are militant atheists, most fall somewhere in the middle, and all three viewpoints are accepted more or less equally.	human attitudes towards religion are similar to those in the contemporary united states - some are devout believers, others are atheists, most fall somewhere in the middle, and all three viewpoints are accepted more or less equally.
these included stefan hirsch, the precisionist painter; felix hirsch, the political editor of the berliner tagelbatt; the violinist emil hauser; the noted psychologist werner wolff; the philosoper heinrich bluecher ; and the vilified gourmet hamburglar.	these included stefan hirsch, the precisionist painter; felix hirsch, the political editor of the berliner tagelbatt; the violinist emil hauser; the noted psychologist werner wolff; the philosoper heinrich blcher ; and the vilified gourmet hamburglar.
gary meakin, then only 26-years-old, took over in 2010 and was in the process of building a competitive team before swapping hillingdon for northwood in march 2011. jesse smith, an experienced coach on the middlesex scene, was appointed as meakin's successor before his departure in 2012 and achieved a respectable 10th place finish and a cup final in his only season in charge.	gary meakin, then only 26-years-old, took over in 2010 and was in the process of building a competitive team before swapping hillingdon for northwood in march 2011. jesse smith, an experienced coach on the middlesex scene, was appointed as meakin's successor before his departure in 2012 and achieved a 10th place finish and a cup final in his only season in charge.
this verse is interpreted as prohibiting male homosexual acts.	this verse can be interpreted as prohibiting male homosexual acts.
also in 2017, clark contributed to a bbc2 documentary on auden's life and wrote a widely-acclaimed piece for the guardian on childbirth .	also in 2017, clark contributed to a bbc2 documentary on auden's life and wrote a piece for the guardian on childbirth .
conservapedia an encyclopedia wiki with a conservative, christian viewpoint /bias	conservapedia an encyclopedia wiki with a conservative, christian viewpoint
the website claims older (freeware) versions of adrift are still available, but the link is conveniently broken.	the website claims older (freeware) versions of adrift are still available, but the link is broken.
eliot asher cohen (born april 3, 1956 in boston, massachusetts) is a leading scholar of international affairs.	eliot asher cohen (born april 3, 1956 in boston, massachusetts) is a scholar of international affairs.
"the real name of ""james"" was yaakob, and he was unquestionanbly the leader of all jewish christians, whether called ebionites or not, who did not follow paul."	"the real name of ""james"" was yaakob, and he was the leader of all jewish christians, whether called ebionites or not, who did not follow paul."
the geometry of interaction (goi) was introduced by jean-yves girard shortly after his seminal work on linear logic.	the geometry of interaction (goi) was introduced by jean-yves girard shortly after his work on linear logic.
on october 17, he scored against real madrid, albeit in a 24 away defeat.	on october 17, he found the net again against real madrid, albeit in a 24 away defeat.
a artist's impression of a motherboard heat sink, rendered using povray	a artist's impression of a motherboard heat sink, rendered using pov-ray
he is part of a team of three consisting of fellow japanese legends rf and kindevu that took home first place at the 2010 super battle opera tournament for street fighter 4. he also placed second at one of the final qualifiers for evo 2011, shadowloo showdown.	he is part of a team of three consisting of fellow japanese players rf and kindevu that took home first place at the 2010 super battle opera tournament for street fighter 4. he also placed second at one of the final qualifiers for evo 2011, shadowloo showdown.
like most researchers and promoters of alternative medicine, dr. clark bases her research claims solely on her bio feedback testing over the years with her patients.	like most researchers and promoters of alternative medicine, dr. clark bases her claims solely on her bio feedback testing over the years with her patients.
unfortunately in the following seasons, the magpies were unable to rekindle the same form, and following a number of close-shaves at the wrong end of the table, the club were relegated to the eastern division at the end of the 2000/01 season, despite a strong fa cup run culminating in a 31 first round defeat at wigan athletic's impressive 25,000 all-seater jjb stadium.	unfortunately in the following seasons, the magpies were unable to rekindle the same form, and following a number of close-shaves at the wrong end of the table, the club were relegated to the eastern division at the end of the 2000/01 season, despite a strong fa cup run culminating in a 31 first round defeat at wigan athletic's 25,000 all-seater jjb stadium.
the city's board of supervisors regularly passes very liberal resolutions such as banning u.s. military recruiters on school campuses that have drawn the ire and ridicule of conservatives nationwide.	the city's board of supervisors regularly passes very liberal resolutions such as banning u.s. military recruiters on school campuses that have drawn the ire and ridicule of critics nationwide.
asian fetish is a pejorative slang term in the united states, the united kingdom, canada and ireland, used to describe the sexual attraction of non-asian, primarily (but not necessarily) white men, to asians, particularly east asians such as japanese, taiwanese, koreans, and chinese.	asian fetish is a slang term in the united states, the united kingdom, canada and ireland, used to describe the sexual attraction of non-asian, primarily (but not necessarily) white men, to asians, particularly east asians such as japanese, taiwanese, koreans, and chinese.
in his phd thesis, bruce collier, who went on to write a biography of babbage, claimed :	in his phd thesis, bruce collier, who went on to write a biography of babbage, wrote :
the influence of postmodern thinkers such as jacques derrida and stanley fish is evident in the emerging church movement's inclusive approach to interpreting scripture.	the influence of postmodern thinkers such as jacques derrida and stanley fish is evident in the emerging church movement's approach to interpreting scripture.
it was first collected and distributed by lieutenant william bligh as one of the botanical samples collected by hms bounty in the late 18th century, on a quest for a cheap high-energy food source for british slaves in the west indies.	it was collected and distributed by lieutenant william bligh as one of the botanical samples collected by hms bounty in the late 18th century, on a quest for a cheap high-energy food source for british slaves in the west indies.
in the united states, the film performed surprisingly well, opening at #8 earning around $3.4 million.	in the united states, the film performed well, opening at #8 earning around $3.4 million.
seldomly kahanists have also carried out roadside shootings, stabbings and grenade attacks against palestinians in jerusalem and the west bank.	kahanists have also carried out roadside shootings, stabbings and grenade attacks against palestinians in jerusalem and the west bank.
for many anarchists, this includes not only the state, but many or all institutions of authority, including capitalism.	for many anarchists, this includes not only the state, but many or all institutions of authority, such as communism or capitalism.
"the term and the concept of an ""alt-left"" as an opposite-but-equal mirror of the alt-right have been severely criticized."	"the term and the concept of an ""alt-left"" as an opposite-but-equal mirror of the alt-right have been criticized."
the peace of pressburg between austria and france was signed in bratislava in 1805. devn castle was ruined by napoleon's french troops in 1809, and bratislava castle destroyed by fire in 1811. as a reaction to the revolutions of 1848, ferdinand v signed the so-called aprillaws , which included the abolition of serfdom, at the primate's palace.	the peace of pressburg between austria and france was signed in bratislava in 1805. devn castle was ruined by napoleon's french troops in 1809, and bratislava castle destroyed by fire in 1811. as a reaction to the revolutions of 1848, ferdinand v signed the so-called march laws (also called april laws) , which included the abolition of serfdom, at the primate's palace.
the game was put on the infamous german index by the bpjs.	the game was put on the german index by the bpjs.
however, contrary to popular belief, the the alphabet of ben-sira is not a jewish religious text; rather, it is a collection of perverse stories about heroes of the bible and talmud.	however, contrary to popular belief, the the alphabet of ben-sira is not a jewish religious text; rather, it is a collection of stories about heroes of the bible and talmud.
however d.b.s jeyaraj says that he emphasizes with ltte's struggle for a tamil state at the same time he sees necessity for closer introspection of some of its activities	however d.b.s jeyaraj says that he empathizes with ltte's struggle for a tamil state at the same time he sees necessity for closer introspection of some of its activities
simulations publications, inc. (spi) was an influential american publisher of board wargames and related magazines, particularly its flagship strategy & tactics, in the 1970s and early 1980s.	simulations publications, inc. (spi) was an american publisher of board wargames and related magazines, particularly its flagship strategy & tactics, in the 1970s and early 1980s.
unfortunately , just before the project was completed, siegel wrote a letter to zapf, saying that his girlfriend had left him, and that he had lost all interest in anything.	however , just before the project was completed, siegel wrote a letter to zapf, saying that his girlfriend had left him, and that he had lost all interest in anything.
they agreed to fight for irish freedom and to regain alsace-lorraine for france.	they agreed to fight for irish independence and to regain alsace-lorraine for france.
in 2016 sazerac completed the purchase of the historic southern comfort brand of bourbon liqueur from brown-forman, inc., best known as the maker of jack daniel's.	in 2016 sazerac completed the purchase of the southern comfort brand of bourbon liqueur from brown-forman, inc., best known as the maker of jack daniel's.
"the urantia revelation consists of ""enlarged concepts and advanced truth"" in an ""endeavor to expand cosmic consciousness and enhance spiritual perception"" about god and religion."	"the urantia book states it consists of ""enlarged concepts and advanced truth"" in an ""endeavor to expand cosmic consciousness and enhance spiritual perception"" about god and religion."
"marilyn manson released a disturbing cover version of ""sweet dreams (are made of this)"" as the first single from the remix album, smells like children."	"marilyn manson released a cover version of ""sweet dreams (are made of this)"" as the first single from the remix album, smells like children."
the road was created in 1832 by pavel kisseleff, the commander of the russian liberation troops in wallachia and moldavia.	the road was created in 1832 by pavel kisseleff, the commander of the russian occupation troops in wallachia and moldavia.
in february 1921 their commander, brigadier-general frank crozier, himself a former officer of the unionist paramilitary ulster volunteer force, resigned in despair, utterly unable to discipline his men.	in february 1921 their commander, brigadier-general frank crozier, himself a former officer of the loyalist paramilitary ulster volunteer force, resigned in despair, utterly unable to discipline his men.
large cities in the u.s. states of nevada and texas like to apply the term to many arterial roads.	large cities in the u.s. states of nevada and texas tend to apply the term to many arterial roads.
"louise miriam ""dillie"" keane (born 23 may 1952 ) is an olivier award-nominated actress, singer and comedienne ."	"louise miriam ""dillie"" keane (born 23 may 1952 ) is an olivier award-nominated actress, singer and comedian ."
clashes between israeli forces and palestinian rioters	clashes between israeli forces and palestinian protesters
prime minister netanyahu's initial popularity among the israeli public, as well as his government, remained stable, as he managed to overcome various events that could have endangered the stability of his governmentsuch as the political speech at the bar-ilan university in the beginning of his term in which he endorsed for the first time the notion of a palestinian state alongside israel, the netanyahu government's agreement to freeze israeli construction in the west bank, in light of the common belief in the israeli public that the diplomatic relations between the united states and israel worsened during netanyahu's term, the 2010 gaza flotilla incident and its implications, the outbreak of the mount carmel forest fire on december 2010 and the various government oversights which were attributed to this blunder, as well as the growing debate within the israeli public against an israeli preemptive attack on iran.	prime minister netanyahu's initial popularity among the israeli public, as well as his government, remained stable, as he managed to overcome various events that could have endangered the stability of his governmentsuch as the political speech at the bar-ilan university in the beginning of his term in which he endorsed for the first time the notion of a palestinian state alongside israel, the netanyahu government's agreement to freeze israeli construction in the west bank, in light of the common belief in the israeli public that the diplomatic relations between the united states and israel worsened during netanyahu's term, the 2010 gaza flotilla incident and its implications, the outbreak of the mount carmel forest fire on december 2010 and the various government oversights which were attributed to this blunder, as well as the growing debate within the israeli public about an israeli preemptive attack on iran.
katya wyeth was the actress famously seen frolicking with alex (malcolm macdowell) in the 'ascot fantasy' sequence that closes a clockwork orange (1971).	katya wyeth was the actress seen frolicking with alex (malcolm macdowell) in the 'ascot fantasy' sequence that closes a clockwork orange (1971).
in later life, he establish a syncretic school of spiritualism, called the nabo bidhan or 'new dispensation', which amalgamated the best principles of christianity and of the western spiritual tradition with hinduism.	in later life, he establish a syncretic school of spiritualism, called the nabo bidhan or 'new dispensation', which he intended to amalgamate the best principles of christianity and of the western spiritual tradition with hinduism.
it is the name given by humans to an area of the galaxy near the earth which is explored and settled in the not-so-distant future and is peopled by interesting alien races such as pierson's puppeteers, kzin, and the many races of the ringworld.	it is the name given by humans to an area of the galaxy near the earth which is explored and settled in the not-so-distant future and is peopled by alien races such as pierson's puppeteers, kzin, and the many races of the ringworld.
as head of the rnc, mehlman played a key role, along with karl rove, in executing the republican party's long-term yet ultimately doomed plan for electoral dominance.	as head of the rnc, mehlman played a key role, along with karl rove, in executing the republican party's long-term yet ultimately unsuccessful plan for electoral dominance.
new york has among the most oppressive gun laws in the nation.	new york has among the most extreme gun laws in the nation.
"the name canada is believed to come from the huron-iroquois word kanata, which simply means ""village"" or ""settlement""."	"the name canada is believed to come from the huron-iroquois word kanata, which means ""village"" or ""settlement""."
she was long, and could carry 140-150 tons of cargo.	the boat was long, and could carry 140-150 tons of cargo.
the west end presentation of mame starred ginger rogers in the coveted role.	the west end presentation of mame starred ginger rogers in the title role.
there are spectacular views at night of the fawley refinery and fawley power station lit up.	there are views at night of the fawley refinery and fawley power station lit up.
inter-african committee on traditional practices affecting the health of women and children which raises consciousness about female circumcision and similar issues	inter-african committee on traditional practices affecting the health of women and children which raises consciousness about female genital cutting and similar issues
some of the scenes in the movie were shot in picturesque nainital.	some of the scenes in the movie were shot in nainital.
although its official status as member of the the triple alliance (1882) together with germany and austria-hungary, in the years before the outbreak of the conflict the italian government had enhanced its diplomatic efforts towards united kingdom and france.	although its official status as member of the triple alliance (1882) together with germany and austria-hungary, in the years before the outbreak of the conflict the italian government had enhanced its diplomatic efforts towards united kingdom and france.
according to official polish statistics from interwar period, poles formed the largest ethnic group in these regions, and were demographically the largest ethnic group in the cities.	according to official polish statistics from interwar period, poles formed the largest linguistic group in these regions, and were demographically the largest ethnic group in the cities.
it is only with the help of his wife misae that ikari is finally able to break free of this world and help resolve the plot's awesome climax.	it is only with the help of his wife misae that ikari is finally able to break free of this world and help resolve the plot's climax.
beckinsale was born in london to well-known actor richard beckinsale and actress judy loe.	beckinsale was born in london to actor richard beckinsale and actress judy loe.
according to critics he is the source of a myth that organic food is more dangerous to eat than food produced using chemical pesticides because of usage of animal manure in organic farming	according to critics he is the source of a claim that organic food is more dangerous to eat than food produced using chemical pesticides because of usage of animal manure in organic farming
on may 23, 2017, o'sullivan climbed onto the stage at a screening of the anti-vaccine propaganda film vaxxed in kaitaia, new zealand and criticised the movie.	on may 23, 2017, o'sullivan climbed onto the stage at a screening of the anti-vaccine film vaxxed in kaitaia, new zealand and criticised the movie.
this sophisticated drama series depicting how the three women (sau hau,man fung and ding man) in the story strive for their own way of living during china's most turbulent era.	this drama series depicting how the three women (sau hau,man fung and ding man) in the story strive for their own way of living during china's most turbulent era.
"the hymn tune ""bellwoods"" by james hopkirk, sung world-wide to the hymn ""o day of god draw nigh,"" by the canadian theologian robert b.y."	"the hymn tune ""bellwoods"" by james hopkirk, sung to the hymn ""o day of god draw nigh,"" by the canadian theologian robert b.y."
a search for survivors - firsthand accounts of attachment therapy and its lethal consequences for children	a search for survivors - firsthand accounts of attachment therapy and its consequences for children
she was at one time commanded by edward belcher who later commanded a disastrous expedition in search of franklin (though not in sulphur).	she was at one time commanded by edward belcher who later commanded a search expedition in search of franklin (though not in sulphur).
cuba had been expelled from the organization of american states in 1962 and the oas had cooperated with the u.s. trade boycott for the next decade, but, in 1975, the oas lifted all sanctions against cuba and both mexico and canada defied the u.s. by developing closer relations with cuba.	cuba had been expelled from the organization of american states in 1962 and the oas had cooperated with the u.s. trade boycott for the next decade, but, in 1975, the oas lifted all sanctions against cuba and both mexico and canada broke ranks with the u.s. by developing closer relations with cuba.
bush's ties with planned parenthood also hurt him in heavily catholic connecticut, and were the basis of a last-minute smear campaign in churches by bush's opponents; the family vigorously denied the connection, but bush lost to benton by only 1,000 votes.	bush's ties with planned parenthood also hurt him in heavily catholic connecticut, and were the basis of a last-minute campaign in churches by bush's opponents; the family vigorously denied the connection, but bush lost to benton by only 1,000 votes.
ms tan kheng hua, actress, comedienne , playwright	ms tan kheng hua, actress, comedian , playwright
the park's carousel was moved several times and in 1999 it was beautifully restored.	the park's carousel was moved several times and in 1999 it was restored.
the book of tea by kakuzo okakura from project gutenberg and a beautiful pdf version (2.8 mb) typeset in tex	the book of tea by kakuzo okakura from project gutenberg and a pdf version (2.8 mb) typeset in tex
"the book, affectionately known as ""the rat"" among graduate students, is a remarkable synthesis of classical and contemporary macrosocial theory."	"the book, affectionately known as ""the rat"" among graduate students, is a synthesis of classical and contemporary macrosocial theory."
badfinger's meteoric rise and tragic demise became a cautionary tale for the rock music industry.	badfinger's meteoric rise and demise became a cautionary tale for the rock music industry.
a third star, known as proxima centauri, proxima, or alpha centauri c ( cen c), is probably gravitationally associated with alpha centauri ab.	a third star, known as proxima centauri, proxima, or alpha centauri c ( cen c), is thought to be gravitationally associated with alpha centauri ab.
an example of a lawful neutral character is a soldier who always follows orders, a judge or enforcer that upholds the rule of law irregardless of sympathy or acts of self defense, certain intensely disciplined monks, or sentient machines - such as with artificial intelligence.	an example of a lawful neutral character is a soldier who always follows orders, a judge or enforcer that upholds the rule of law regardless of sympathy or acts of self defense, certain intensely disciplined monks, or sentient machines - such as with artificial intelligence.
some 10 years after his arrival gray had become a tradesman in faked antiques, doing business in the u.s., canada and cuba.	some 10 years after his arrival gray had become a tradesman in replicas of antiques, doing business in the u.s., canada and cuba.
"thus it means that sounds, letters, and words that eminate from the throat make a certain kind of very ""throaty"" sound , very alien to the english - spoken language and sometimes found to be very hard on the ears by those accustomed to melifluous english sounds."	"thus it means that sounds, letters, and words that eminate from the throat make a certain kind of very ""throaty"" sound, very alien to the english - spoken language and sometimes found to be very hard on the ears by those accustomed to english sounds."
this support takes many forms, including:	this involvement takes many forms, including:
donald trump is a successful american businessman, politician, television personality, author, and president-elect of the united states.	donald trump is a american businessman, politician, television personality, author, and president-elect of the united states.
a memorial that marks the spot where the three police officers where killed is located on the side of harrods at hans crescent.	a memorial that marks the spot where the 3 police officers where killed is located on the side of harrods at hans crescent.
the spencer public library began in 1870. in fiscal year 2008, the town of spencer spent 2.04% ($280,959) of its budget on its public librarymerely $23 per person.	the spencer public library began in 1870. in fiscal year 2008, the town of spencer spent 2.04% ($280,959) of its budget on its public library or $23 per person.
in 1980, construction was completed on an ambitious expansion of william b. hartsfield international airport.	in 1980, construction was completed on an expansion of william b. hartsfield international airport.
he is a longtime friend of unpopular u.s. president donald trump and has built trump-branded properties.	he is a longtime friend of u.s. president donald trump and has built trump-branded properties.
in march 2008, a well-known mainland author, gan wang, published a review article on his personal blog about the possibility of the re-introduction of traditional chinese, what about abolishing simplified chinese within the next 50 years?.	in march 2008, a mainland author, gan wang, published a review article on his personal blog about the possibility of the re-introduction of traditional chinese, what about abolishing simplified chinese within the next 50 years?.
hymen o hymenee is an 1889 painting by filipino painter and hero juan luna.	hymen o hymenee is an 1889 painting by filipino painter and revolutionary activist juan luna.
dwarf fortress, another popular bay 12 games title	dwarf fortress, another bay 12 games title
peter hart (11 november 1963 – 22 july 2010) was a canadian revisionist historian, specialising in modern irish history.	peter hart (11 november 1963 – 22 july 2010) was a canadian historian, specialising in modern irish history.
famous indian singer sonu nigam sang many songs of akhlaq ahmed as sonu's voice closely resembles with akhlaq's and released these songs in late 1990s.	indian singer sonu nigam sang many songs of akhlaq ahmed as sonu's voice closely resembles with akhlaq's and released these songs in late 1990s.
"the b-side includes a respectful cover of the pixies' tune ""hey"", and two versions of the last single, ""black fingernails, red wine"", in both an acoustic version (recorded at triple j the same time as ""hey""), and a live version from the nine network's today."	"the b-side includes a cover of the pixies' tune ""hey"", and two versions of the last single, ""black fingernails, red wine"", in both an acoustic version (recorded at triple j the same time as ""hey""), and a live version from the nine network's today."
in his encyclopedia of protestantism, hans hillerbrand claimed that on the eve of the st. bartholomew's day massacre in 1572, the huguenot community included as much as 10% of the french population, but it declined to 78% by around 1600 and even further after the return of heavy persecution in 1685 with louis xiv's edict of fontainebleau.	in his encyclopedia of protestantism, hans hillerbrand said that on the eve of the st. bartholomew's day massacre in 1572, the huguenot community included as much as 10% of the french population, but it declined to 78% by around 1600 and even further after the return of heavy persecution in 1685 with louis xiv's edict of fontainebleau.
"shortly before swartz's death, jstor announced that it would make ""more than 4.5 million articles"" available to the public for free but capped at three articles every two weeks, readable online only, with some downloadable for a fee."	"shortly before swartz's death, jstor announced that it would make ""more than 4.5 million articles"" available to the public for free the service was capped at three articles every two weeks, readable online only, with some downloadable for a fee."
ideally, animal trainers will try to use positive reinforcement (follow a desired behavior with something worthwhile to the animal and the behavior will increase) and negative punishment (withdraw something the animal wants when he performs undersirable behaviors).	ideally, animal trainers will try to use positive reinforcement (follow a desired behavior with something worthwhile to the animal and the behavior will increase) and negative punishment (withdraw something the animal wants when he performs undersireable behaviors).
doctor william hammesfahr is a controversial american neurologist who practices in the state of florida.	doctor william hammesfahr is a american neurologist who practices in the state of florida.
"on the february 7, 2006 episode of hbo's ""real sports with bryant gumbel,"" gumbel made racist remarks about the winter olympics: ""count me among those who don't care about them and won't watch them... so try not to laugh when someone says these are the world's greatest athletes, despite a paucity of blacks that makes the winter games look like a gop convention."""	"on the february 7, 2006 episode of hbo's ""real sports with bryant gumbel,"" gumbel made controversial racial remarks about the winter olympics: ""count me among those who don't care about them and won't watch them... so try not to laugh when someone says these are the world's greatest athletes, despite a paucity of blacks that makes the winter games look like a gop convention."""
in november 1944, the lehi (stern gang) assassinated lord moyne, the antisemitic british minister in cairo.	in november 1944, the lehi (stern gang) assassinated lord moyne, the british minister in cairo.
the banded carbide precipitates appear in the blade as a beautiful swirling patterning, apparently the origin of the term damask.	the banded carbide precipitates appear in the blade as a swirling patterning, apparently the origin of the term damask.
the debate on the prayer book is regarded as one of the most eloquent ever seen in the commons, and resulted in the rejection of the revised prayer book in 1927. his allies were an unholy alliance of ultra-protestant tories and nonconformist liberals and labour, and some of them likened him to john hampden or oliver cromwell.	the debate on the prayer book is regarded as one of the most eloquent ever seen in the commons, and resulted in the rejection of the revised prayer book in 1927. his allies were an alliance of ultra-protestant tories and nonconformist liberals and labour, and some of them likened him to john hampden or oliver cromwell.
war comes home: seven years after the taliban: corpwatch program director and managing editor pratap chatterjee and project director tonya hennessey launched an investigation into the real costs of the post-war reconstruction of afghanistan with america's first listener-sponsored radio station kpfa radio, as the next phase of their acclaimed war comes home website, headed up by kpfa program director sasha lilley.	war comes home: seven years after the taliban: corpwatch program director and managing editor pratap chatterjee and project director tonya hennessey launched an investigation into the real costs of the post-war reconstruction of afghanistan with america's first listener-sponsored radio station kpfa radio, as the next phase of their war comes home website, headed up by kpfa program director sasha lilley.
in april 1999, he zuoxiu, a prominent physicist, wrote an article in the tianjin college of educations youth reader magazine entitled i do not agree with youth practicing qigong, and made criticism of falun gong .	in april 1999, he zuoxiu, a physicist, wrote an article in the tianjin college of educations youth reader magazine entitled i do not agree with youth practicing qigong, and made criticism of falun gong .
the beale/fowler family is a fictional family in the popular bbc soap opera eastenders.	the beale/fowler family is a fictional family in the bbc soap opera eastenders.
australia tax: an identical complaint by those in australia, where goods sold in australia cost much higher amounts that the same goods sold across asia and the united states, even for items such as computer software which is sold via digital distribution.	australia tax: an identical observation by those in australia, where goods sold in australia cost much higher amounts that the same goods sold across asia and the united states, even for items such as computer software which is sold via digital distribution.
betageri is also a well-known translator he has translated indian writers like p.lankesh into english, and the works of writers like poe, whitman, pessoa, sorescu, rimbaud, neruda and pasolini into kannada.	betageri is also a translator he has translated indian writers like p.lankesh into english, and the works of writers like poe, whitman, pessoa, sorescu, rimbaud, neruda and pasolini into kannada.
started before the publication of lord of the rings the lankhmar books are in many ways an unintentional anti-lotr - hip where lotr is ponderous , sexy where it is chaste, knowingly amoral.	started before the publication of lord of the rings the lankhmar books are in many ways an unintentional anti-lotr - hip where lotr is old-fashioned , sexy where it is chaste, knowingly amoral.
aurora had also been closely involved in training and equipping the mukti bahini, a ragtag group of freedom fighters who were transformed into an effective guerrilla force that harassed and demoralised the pakistanis.	aurora had also been closely involved in training and equipping the mukti bahini, a ragtag group of independence fighters who were transformed into an effective guerrilla force that harassed and demoralised the pakistanis.
cathay bank is a successful bank with multiple branches throughout the united states and overseas.	cathay bank is a bank with multiple branches throughout the united states and overseas.
chvez's far-reaching reforms have evoked exceptional controversy in venezuela and abroad, receiving both criticism and adulation .	chvez's far-reaching reforms have evoked exceptional controversy in venezuela and abroad, receiving both criticism and praise .
eddie lee's name is a pun for rush's bassist virtuoso geddy lee.	eddie lee's name is a pun for rush's bassist geddy lee.
practitioners of therapeutic touch state that by placing their hands on, or near, a patient, they are able to detect and manipulate the patient's putative energy field.	practitioners of therapeutic touch state that by placing their hands on, or near, a patient, they are able to detect and manipulate the patient's energy field.
"unfortunately , due to similarities between the ""h"" and other existing cards, it became apparent that while the signal could not be received without the card and its asic, the card itself was vulnerable to tampering by reprogramming it to add channel tiers or additional programming, opening tv channels to the prying eyes of the pirates."	"however , due to similarities between the ""h"" and other existing cards, it became apparent that while the signal could not be received without the card and its asic, the card itself was vulnerable to tampering by reprogramming it to add channel tiers or additional programming, opening tv channels to the prying eyes of the pirates."
ha-joon chang (b. south korea in 1963) is one of the world's foremost heterodox economists specialising in development economics.	ha-joon chang (b. south korea in 1963) is one of the world's foremost economists specialising in development economics.
"his best-known appearances were alongside his long-time comedy partner,ronnie corbett, in the hugely popular tv variety show the two ronnies; as norman stanley ""fletch"" fletcher in the sitcom porridge and its bafta award winning sequel going straight; and working with david jason in open all hours."	"his best-known appearances were alongside his long-time comedy partner,ronnie corbett, in the very popular tv variety show the two ronnies; as norman stanley ""fletch"" fletcher in the sitcom porridge and its bafta award winning sequel going straight; and working with david jason in open all hours."
between 1918 and 1921, large adjoining areas of south australia, western australia and northern territory were declared as aboriginal reserves, sanctuaries for nomadic people who had virtually no contact with white settlers.	between 1918 and 1921, large adjoining areas of south australia, western australia and northern territory were declared as aboriginal reserves, sanctuaries for nomadic people who had virtually no contact with european settlers.
in 2006, shortly after the death of augusto pinochet, costa rican president scar arias compared fidel castro's human rights record to that of the former chilean dictator .	in 2006, shortly after the death of augusto pinochet, costa rican president scar arias compared fidel castro's human rights record to that of the former chilean president .
he is the only known resistance hero to the junta to have protested by ending his life and he is considered the precursor of later student protest such as the polytechnic uprising.	he is the only known resistance member to the junta to have protested by ending his life and he is considered the precursor of later student protest such as the polytechnic uprising.
early alf actions tended to centre around the rescuing of animals from vivisection laboratories, and the alf had an explicit policy of non-violence.	early alf actions tended to centre around the removing (or 'liberating') of animals from vivisection laboratories, and the alf had an explicit policy of non-violence.
lynn rachel redgrave, obe (born 8 march 1943) is an english actress .	lynn rachel redgrave, obe (born 8 march 1943) is an english actor .
the kingdom of macedonia was an ancient greek state in what is now the macedonian region of northern greece, founded in the mid-7th century bc during the period of archaic greece and lasting until the mid-2nd century bc.	the kingdom of macedonia was an ancient state in what is now the macedonian region of northern greece, founded in the mid-7th century bc during the period of archaic greece and lasting until the mid-2nd century bc.
although they have sometimes failed to meet some of the targets they have set, some contend that the nhs is respected worldwide, as a role model for the welfare state.	although they have sometimes failed to meet some of the targets they have set, many contend that the nhs is respected worldwide, as a role model for the welfare state.
the latest update for the japanese was april 20, 2007, with only 101 working games.	the latest update for the japanese was april 20, 2007, with 101 working games.
on the contrary, in august 1990, only two years after baghdad and tehran had agreed to cease hostilities, iraqi forces unexpectedly invaded and occupied kuwait.	on the contrary, in august 1990, only two years after baghdad and tehran had agreed to cease hostilities, iraqi forces invaded and occupied kuwait.
another charming work, with two small children depicted, is his canvas of st nicholas of bari presenting two children to virgin (1539) originally painted for the church of santa maria dei miracoli, but now in the pinacoteca tosio martinengo.	another work, with two small children depicted, is his canvas of st nicholas of bari presenting two children to virgin (1539) originally painted for the church of santa maria dei miracoli, but now in the pinacoteca tosio martinengo.
originally the museum focused on military aviation but later civil and utility aircraft were introduced to the collection which is divided into two: the open air part, and a separate indoor area with fascinating weaponry, uniforms and photographic collections.	originally the museum focused on military aviation but later civil and utility aircraft were introduced to the collection which is divided into two: the open air part, and a separate indoor area with weaponry, uniforms and photographic collections.
the supplicant was then convinced he was in heaven and that sabbah was a minion of the divinity and that all of his orders should be followed, even to death.	the supplicant was then convinced he was in heaven and that sabbah was a representative of the divinity and that all of his orders should be followed, even to death.
genealogical bewilderment is a supposed mental condition resulting from identity problems concerning blood relations of a person, which usually is found in a child who either has surrogate parents, foster parents, or is adopted.	genealogical bewilderment is a controversial mental condition resulting from identity problems concerning blood relations of a person, which usually is found in a child who either has surrogate parents, foster parents, or is adopted.
peninsula shield force did not react militarily to the iraqi invasion of kuwait, exposing the force's deficiencies.	peninsula shield force did not react militarily to the iraqi invasion of kuwait, which, according to one author, exposed the force's deficiencies.
"any history book has a point of view, and larry gonick's might best be described as "" scientific humanist."""	"any history book has a point of view, and larry gonick's might best be described as ""humanist."""
a new york times article claimed that there were numerous inconsistencies in norfleet's self-promotion efforts.	a new york times article in march 2013 reported that there were numerous inconsistencies in norfleet's self-promotion efforts.
at one point, libby's indictment states :	at one point, libby's indictment alleges :
evidence-based medicine does not accept these claims, since they have not been shown to meet recognised scientific criteria (repeatable double-blind trials using large population samples) for credibility.	evidence-based medicine does not accept these claims, arguing that they have not been shown to meet recognised scientific criteria (repeatable double-blind trials using large population samples) for credibility.
"written by band members jerry garcia, bob weir, phil lesh, and lyricist robert hunter"", ""truckin'"" molds classic grateful dead rhythms and instrumentation with lyrics that use the band's misfortunes on the road as a metaphor for getting through the constant changes in life."	"written by band members jerry garcia, bob weir, phil lesh, and lyricist robert hunter"", ""truckin'"" molds grateful dead rhythms and instrumentation with lyrics that use the band's misfortunes on the road as a metaphor for getting through the constant changes in life."
"despite tackling controversial topics like animal rights, chemical warfare, and environmental waste, vivisectvi was well-received and spawned two successful singles, ""censor"" and ""testure"", the latter of which charted on billboards's dance club songs (skinny puppy's first and last song to do so)."	"despite tackling controversial topics like animal rights, chemical warfare, and environmental waste, vivisectvi was well-received and spawned two singles, ""censor"" and ""testure"", the latter of which charted on billboards's dance club songs (skinny puppy's first and last song to do so)."
ivory coast people who suffered as a result of the toxic waste dump begin receiving their hard-fought compensation cheques from trafigura.	ivory coast people who suffered as a result of the toxic waste dump begin receiving their compensation cheques from trafigura.
anti-whaling governments and groups have strongly opposed japan's research program.	anti-whaling governments and groups have strongly opposed japan's whaling program.
the episode ended with the ferrari fxx in first place on the board, thrashing the previous record (at that time) of 1 minute 17.1 seconds which was held by a gumpert apollo s. however, the record was removed from the power board by the production team the following week, after they realized the lap was completed on slick racing tires, which are not road-legal and that the car itself could not clear speed bumps (all cars on the board must be legal for street use).	the episode ended with the ferrari fxx in first place on the board, beating the previous record (at that time) of 1 minute 17.1 seconds which was held by a gumpert apollo s. however, the record was removed from the power board by the production team the following week, after they realized the lap was completed on slick racing tires, which are not road-legal and that the car itself could not clear speed bumps (all cars on the board must be legal for street use).
the bt tower in london, previously the post office tower and also the london telecom tower, is a strikingly tall cylindrical building at 60 cleveland street in fitzrovia.	the bt tower in london, previously the post office tower and also the london telecom tower, is a tall cylindrical building at 60 cleveland street in fitzrovia.
in a capitalist system, investments, distribution, income, production, pricing and supply of goods, commodities and services are determined by voluntary private decisions , usually within the context of markets.	in a capitalist system, investments, distribution, income, production, pricing and supply of goods, commodities and services are determined by private decisions, usually within the context of markets.
the atlanta campaign was followed by initiatives in two directions: almost immediately, to the northwest, in the pursuit of hood in the franklin-nashville campaign; after the 1864 u.s. presidential election, to the east in sherman's infamous march to the sea.	the atlanta campaign was followed by initiatives in two directions: almost immediately, to the northwest, in the pursuit of hood in the franklin-nashville campaign; after the 1864 u.s. presidential election, to the east in sherman's march to the sea.
jo becker is an award-winning american journalist and author working as an investigative reporter for the new york times.	jo becker is an american journalist and author working as an investigative reporter for the new york times.
on the morning of january 11, 2013, swartz was found hanged in his crown heights, brooklyn apartment, an alleged suicide.	on the morning of january 11, 2013, swartz was found hanged in his crown heights, brooklyn apartment, an apparent suicide.
skill extreme offers a fantastic version of acromania	skill extreme offers a version of acromania
"the ""balangiga massacre"" was an incident in 1901 during the philippine-american war (or ""philippine insurrection"", according to older us terminology) where many american soldiers were slaughtered in a surprise guerilla attack in the town of balangiga on samar island."	"the ""balangiga massacre"" was an incident in 1901 during the philippine-american war (or ""philippine insurrection"", according to older us terminology) where many american soldiers were killed in a surprise guerilla attack in the town of balangiga on samar island."
a second class of political theory is founded on the premise that even if the government has the authority to regulate guns, to do so may or may not be sound public policy.	a second category of political theory is founded on the premise that even if the government has the authority to regulate guns, to do so may or may not be sound public policy.
james strom thurmond (december 5, 1902 - june 26, 2003), known as strom thurmond, was the oldest and longest serving united states racist senator, who represented south carolina from 1954 to april 1956 and november 1956 to 1964 as a democrat and from 1964 to 2003 as a republican.	james strom thurmond (december 5, 1902 - june 26, 2003), known as strom thurmond, was the oldest and longest serving united states senator, who represented south carolina from 1954 to april 1956 and november 1956 to 1964 as a democrat and from 1964 to 2003 as a republican.
"the central practice of scientology is ""auditing"" (from the latin word audire, ""to listen""), which is expensive one-on-one communication with a trained scientology counselor or ""auditor""."	"the central practice of scientology is ""auditing"" (from the latin word audire, ""to listen""), which is a one-on-one communication with a trained scientology counselor or ""auditor""."
taiwan (; taiwanese: ti-on) is an island nation in east asia located off the coast of mainland china, south of japan and north of the philippines.	taiwan (; taiwanese: ti-on) is an island in east asia located off the coast of mainland china, south of japan and north of the philippines.
the quietcomfort 3 amongst the more expensive pair of, if not, the most expensive pair of noise cancelling headphones in the audiophile market.	the quietcomfort 3 amongst the more expensive pair of, if not, the most expensive pair of noise cancelling headphones in the market.
bin laden supported the evil taliban government with financial and paramilitary assistance and, in 1997, he moved to kandahar, the taliban stronghold.	bin laden supported the taliban government with financial and paramilitary assistance and, in 1997, he moved to kandahar, the taliban stronghold.
the episode tried to debunk the bible as a historical record.	the episode purported to debunk the bible as a historical record.
poor angling of the map, in order to show the curvature of the earth, led to scotland appearing little larger than devon, and shetland being almost invisible while exaggerating london and the south east.	the angling of the map, in order to show the curvature of the earth, led to scotland appearing little larger than devon, and shetland being almost invisible while exaggerating london and the south east.
some of rand's fiction features sex scenes with stylized erotic combat that some claim borders on rape.	some of rand's fiction features sex scenes with stylized erotic conflict that some claim borders on rape.
the learning company acquisition fiasco	the learning company acquisition
both jackson and rowe have always publicly maintained that his first two children were conceived naturally.	both jackson and rowe have always maintained that his first two children were conceived naturally.
jeffries has several interesting powers; he can teleport vast distances, including, in some instances, other planets.	jeffries has several powers; he can teleport vast distances, including, in some instances, other planets.
in 2014, china drew increased international attention due to its illegal dredging activities within the spratlys, amidst speculation it is planning to further develop its military presence in the area.	in 2014, china drew increased international attention due to its dredging activities within the spratlys, amidst speculation it is planning to further develop its military presence in the area.
these are not only enjoyed fresh and ripe as desserts but are also combined with meats and form unusual accompaniments to main dishes.	these are not only enjoyed fresh and ripe as desserts but are also combined with meats and form accompaniments to main dishes.
masood-ul-hasan tabish, ti, (born november 11, 1911 - september 23, 2004 ) was a renowned urdu poet.	masood-ul-hasan tabish, ti, (born november 11, 1911 - september 23, 2004 ) was a urdu poet.
"the ""dark ages"" is a historical periodization emphasizing the cultural and economic deterioration that supposedly occurred in europe following the decline of the roman empire."	"the ""dark ages"" is a historical periodization emphasizing the cultural and economic deterioration that occurred in europe following the decline of the roman empire."
screaming newborn after typical hospital birth	newborn after typical hospital birth
a number of talented producers, writers, directors and other professionals have participated in the production of the series.	a number of producers, writers, directors and other professionals have participated in the production of the series.
some medical associations accept that the parents should determine what is in the best interest of the infant or child,	some medical associations take the position that the parents should determine what is in the best interest of the infant or child,
sen. mcconnell has been a vociferous advocate of the war in iraq and an ardent supporter of president george w. bush and his policies.	sen. mcconnell has been a advocate of the war in iraq and an ardent supporter of president george w. bush and his policies.
of the seven nizams who governed hyderabad state, india from 1720 to 1948, the richest was the last, mir osman ali khan, who was regarded as the wealthiest man on earth his portrait graced the cover of time magazine in 1937. he had his own mint, printing his own currency, the hyderabadi rupee, and a vast private treasury.	of the seven nizams who governed hyderabad state, india from 1720 to 1948, the richest was the last, mir osman ali khan, who was regarded as the wealthiest person on earth his portrait graced the cover of time magazine in 1937. he had his own mint, printing his own currency, the hyderabadi rupee, and a vast private treasury.
after three frustrating seasons from 1997 to 1999, he returned to america to resume a stellar domestic career, riding with mercury in 2000, prime alliance in 2002, saturn in 2003 and webcor builders in 2004.	after three frustrating seasons from 1997 to 1999, he returned to america to resume a record-setting domestic career, riding with mercury in 2000, prime alliance in 2002, saturn in 2003 and webcor builders in 2004.
the muhammad drawings are twelve racism caricatures of the islamic prophet muhammad printed in the danish daily newspaper jyllands-posten on september 30, 2005, including one suggesting he had a bomb in his turban.	the muhammad drawings are twelve caricatures of the islamic prophet muhammad printed in the danish daily newspaper jyllands-posten on september 30, 2005, including one suggesting he had a bomb in his turban.
popular igt game themes	igt game themes
his son, john paul caponigro, is a noted digital photographic artist.	his son, john paul caponigro, is a digital photographic artist.
he is best known for his role as james t. kirk in the reboot star trek (2009) and its sequel star trek into darkness (2013), and has also appeared in films including: the princess diaries 2: royal engagement (2004), just my luck (2006), smokin' aces (2007), unstoppable (2010), this means war (2012), rise of the guardians (2012), horrible bosses 2 (2014), as jack ryan in jack ryan: shadow recruit (2014), and as cinderella's prince in into the woods (2014).	he is known for his role as james t. kirk in the reboot star trek (2009) and its sequel star trek into darkness (2013), and has also appeared in films including: the princess diaries 2: royal engagement (2004), just my luck (2006), smokin' aces (2007), unstoppable (2010), this means war (2012), rise of the guardians (2012), horrible bosses 2 (2014), as jack ryan in jack ryan: shadow recruit (2014), and as cinderella's prince in into the woods (2014).
amethyst is a popular form of quartz that ranges from a bright to dark or dull purple color.	amethyst is a form of quartz that ranges from a bright to dark or dull purple color.
a number of licensed 28-day rsl (restricted service licence) broadcasts have been granted to various entities includingradio caroline.	a number of licensed 28-day rsl (restricted service licence) broadcasts have been granted to various entities including radio caroline.
rhona cameron (born 1965), scottish comedienne	rhona cameron (born 1965), scottish comedian
as the camera angles within the game will be more accurate and the graphics will be better, the quality of these movies will be greater than those produced using the sims 2.	as the camera angles within the game will be more accurate and the graphics will be better, the quality of these movies has the potential to be be greater than those produced using the sims 2.
the team first came to prominence in british formula three with a legendary duel between one-time jordan test driver ayrton senna and jordan-ralt driver martin brundle, edged out by the brazilian at the last round of the championship.	the team first came to prominence in british formula three with a duel between one-time jordan test driver ayrton senna and jordan-ralt driver martin brundle, edged out by the brazilian at the last round of the championship.
"in a hilarious reference to mario's popularity with the people in mushroom kingdom in the game ""paper mario"", luigi has an enormous fan following in the world around the city of rogueport in the game's sequel, ""paper mario: the thousand year door""."	"in a reference to mario's popularity with the people in mushroom kingdom in the game ""paper mario"", luigi has an enormous fan following in the world around the city of rogueport in the game's sequel, ""paper mario: the thousand year door""."
9/11 truth movement is a collective name for loosely affiliated organizations and individuals who question the official account of the september 11, 2001, attacks.	9/11 truth movement is a collective name for loosely affiliated organizations and individuals who question the mainsteam account of the september 11, 2001, attacks.
she named a witness to the event, li xiu-zhen, who told her that she saw no fighting and that the bridge was not on fire.	jung chang named a witness to the event, li xiu-zhen, who told her that she saw no fighting and that the bridge was not on fire.
the other type is a ceramic chinese soup spoon, which is differently shaped.	the other type is a chinese soup spoon, which is differently shaped.
noted anti-gun zealot sarah brady, founder of the brady campaign, f/k/a gun control, inc., purchased a powerful remington .30-06 rifle with a scope and safety lock at a lewes, delaware gun shop, for her son, james brady, jr., 'as a christmas present' in 2000. according to delaware justice department spokeswoman lori sitler, this purchase was a 'straw purchase'.	noted anti-gun activist sarah brady, founder of the brady campaign, f/k/a gun control, inc., purchased a powerful remington .30-06 rifle with a scope and safety lock at a lewes, delaware gun shop, for her son, james brady, jr., 'as a christmas present' in 2000. according to delaware justice department spokeswoman lori sitler, this purchase was a 'straw purchase'.
the village has a beautiful 19th century stone church, the parish church of st nicholas.	the village has a 19th century stone church, the parish church of st nicholas.
this city can also claim a widespread argumentative culture that adds to its reputation as being one of the best centres for journalism in india.	this city can also claim a widespread argumentative culture that adds to its reputation as being one of the prominent centres for journalism in india.
oregon (7-d): a democratic-leaning state, the belief of anti-big government along with strong opposition to central government control, makes oregon a gop favorite; however, intense beliefs in civil liberties and liberal ideology on social issues force it to side with the democrats.	oregon (7-d): a democratic-leaning state, the belief of anti-big government along with strong opposition to central government control, makes oregon a gop favorite; however, intense beliefs in civil liberties and liberal ideology on social issues often leads it to side with the democrats.
the nose ring enables the handler to control a dangerous animal with minimal risk of injury or disruption by exerting stress on one of the most sensitive parts of the animal, the nose.	the nose ring assists the handler to control a dangerous animal with minimal risk of injury or disruption by exerting stress on one of the most sensitive parts of the animal, the nose.
kosovo (; ; , kosovo) is a majority- recognised state in southeastern europe that declared its independence from serbia in february 2008 as the republic of kosovo.	kosovo (; ; , kosovo) is a disputed territory and partially recognised state in southeastern europe that declared its independence from serbia in february 2008 as the republic of kosovo.
the avignon papacy, sometimes derisively referred to as the babylonian captivity, was the period from 1309 to 1378 during which seven popes resided in avignon (modern-day france).	the avignon papacy, sometimes referred to as the babylonian captivity, was the period from 1309 to 1378 during which seven popes resided in avignon (modern-day france).
while qassam rockets were fired regularly even prior to the israeli disengagement, the absence of access to targets on the ground has increased the relevance of the rockets, since they were designed to fly over the barrier and strike israeli civilians outside the strip.	while qassam rockets were fired regularly even prior to the israeli disengagement, the absence of access to targets on the ground has increased the relevance of the rockets, since they were designed to fly over the barrier and strike israeli targets outside the strip.
om (, iast: au or o, ) is a sacred sound and a spiritual icon in hindusim .	om (, iast: au or o, ) is a sacred sound and a spiritual icon in indian religions .
"the tennessee marriage protection amendment is a so-called ""defense of marriage amendment"" to the tennessee state constitution approved by referendum in 2006. it specifies that only a marriage between a man and a woman can be legally recognized in the state of tennessee."	"the tennessee marriage protection amendment is a ""defense of marriage amendment"" to the tennessee state constitution approved by referendum in 2006. it specifies that only a marriage between a man and a woman can be legally recognized in the state of tennessee."
at the age of ten melissa was accepted into the exclusive bilingual acting workshop for professional actors in paris.	at the age of ten melissa was accepted into the bilingual acting workshop for professional actors in paris.
20. first council of the vatican (1870; officially, 1870-1960) defined pope's primacy in church governance and his infallibility, repudiated rationalism, materialism and atheism, addressed revelation, interpretation of scripture and the relationship of faith and reason.this and the following councils are rejected by the emerging old catholic church.	20. first council of the vatican (1870; officially, 1870-1960) defined pope's primacy in church governance and his infallibility, repudiated rationalism, materialism and atheism, addressed revelation, interpretation of scripture and the relationship of faith and reason.this and the following councils are rejected by the old catholic church.
the ski resort has been written up in national ski magazines for its spectacular views of lake winnipesaukee.	the ski resort has been written up in national ski magazines for its views of lake winnipesaukee.
"'""1762 leto'"" ( or , or , ) is a song written by grigor parlichev, a macedonian writer from macedonia."	"'""1762 leto'"" ( or , or , ) is a song written by grigor parlichev, a bulgarian writer from macedonia."
tarek fatah has openly advocated support for baloch separatists, calling for balochistan to be an independent state from pakistan.	tarek fatah has advocated support for baloch separatists, calling for balochistan to be an independent state from pakistan.
maimouna n'diaye, sometimes called mouna n'diaye is a senegalese actress and comedienne , who acts mainly in bukinabe films.	maimouna n'diaye, sometimes called mouna n'diaye is a senegalese actress and comedian , who acts mainly in bukinabe films.
this early departure was later criticized by many sportswriters.	this early departure was later criticized by some sportswriters.
he was best known for his roles on seinfeld and malcolm in the middle.	he was known for his roles on seinfeld and malcolm in the middle.
nandini mukherjee, indian computer scientist , researcher, politician and professor at the prestigious jadavpur university.	nandini mukherjee, indian computer scientist , researcher, politician and professor at the jadavpur university.
in the early twentieth century the national socialist german workers party adopted the swastika as its emblem and since world war ii, most westerners see it as solely a fascist symbol, leading to unfortunate assumptions about its pre-nazi use.	in the early twentieth century the national socialist german workers party adopted the swastika as its emblem and since world war ii, most westerners see it as solely a fascist symbol, leading to incorrect assumptions about its pre-nazi use.
in addition, many students gain invaluable leadership and delegation skills in the daily's many management positions.	in addition, many students gain leadership and delegation skills in the daily's many management positions.
in 1989 he married a japanese whore and moved to japan, and in 1993 he began working at a private university in sapporo where he still teaches today.	in 1989 he married a japanese woman and moved to japan, and in 1993 he began working at a private university in sapporo where he still teaches today.
for speakers of english, most slavic languages are funny, probably due to the excess of fricative and affricate sounds.	for speakers of english, most slavic languages are funny, probably due to the abundance of fricative and affricate sounds.
"some of his memorable roles include bo 'bandit' darville in smokey and the bandit, bobby ""gator"" mccluskey in white lightning and sequel gator, paul crewe in the longest yard and jack horner in boogie nights."	"some of his notable roles include bo 'bandit' darville in smokey and the bandit, bobby ""gator"" mccluskey in white lightning and sequel gator, paul crewe in the longest yard and jack horner in boogie nights."
nonetheless, hersh's watergate investigations led him in 1983 to the publication of the price of power: kissinger in the nixon white house, a damning portrait of henry kissinger that won the national book critics circle award.	nonetheless, hersh's watergate investigations led him in 1983 to the publication of the price of power: kissinger in the nixon white house, a portrait of henry kissinger that won the national book critics circle award.
iowa's football team plays its home games at boring kinnick stadium, named after former iowa football player nile kinnick who won the heisman trophy in 1939. kinnick stadium hosts 70,585 fans.	iowa's football team plays its home games at kinnick stadium, named after former iowa football player nile kinnick who won the heisman trophy in 1939. kinnick stadium hosts 70,585 fans.
interestingly the building had recently been sold to banner homes for redevelopment, with planning applications due before the city council soon.	the building had recently been sold to banner homes for redevelopment, with planning applications due before the city council soon.
the red sox went on to sweep the colorado rockies in the world series.	the red sox went on to win all of their games against the colorado rockies in the world series.
cosmetic surgery can improve the nipple's appearance, but such surgery often entails severing the milk duct and thus can eliminate the ability to breastfeed.	cosmetic surgery can also change the nipple's appearance, but such surgery often entails severing the milk duct and thus can eliminate the ability to breastfeed.
muhammad ali (born 1942), the great boxer, also known as cassius clay	muhammad ali (born 1942), the boxer, also known as cassius clay
list of gnu/ linux distributions endorsed by the free software foundation	list of linux distributions endorsed by the free software foundation
this, together with the limited support of the unionist political parties, led the organizers to call off the event and invited unionist catholics to go to the temple to pray and postponed an answer to the catalan way on 12 october, the fiesta nacional de espaa.	this, together with the limited support of the anti-independence political parties, led the organizers to call off the event and invited unionist catholics to go to the temple to pray and postponed an answer to the catalan way on 12 october, the fiesta nacional de espaa.
"inflammatory political consultant james carville has described pennsylvania as ""philadelphia and pittsburgh, with alabama in between,"" suggesting that pennsylvania, like several other blue states, would be solid red without its cities, due to its remainder's rural and religious, and thus socially conservative, nature."	"democratic political consultant james carville has described pennsylvania as ""philadelphia and pittsburgh, with alabama in between,"" suggesting that pennsylvania, like several other blue states, would be solid red without its cities, due to its remainder's rural and religious, and thus socially conservative, nature."
jenny oaks baker - daughter, distinguished musician	jenny oaks baker - daughter, musician
emma pengelly is the daughter of the convicted loyalist terrorist noel little .	emma pengelly is the daughter of the convicted loyalist activist noel little .
he agrees that the egyptians were black people and originated from the south and the west.	he believes that the egyptians were black people and originated from the south and the west.
"bertiaux completed his ba in philosophy at the local jesuit university and began work on a phd at tulane university, new orleans focussed on ontological positivism, leading to his later expositions on what he calls the ""meon"", an alternate universe of absolute nothingness."	"bertiaux completed his ba in philosophy at the local jesuit university and began work on a phd at tulane university, new orleans focussed on ontological positivism, leading to his later writings on what he calls the ""meon"", an alternate universe of absolute nothingness."
operation condor (spanish: operacin cndor, portuguese: operao condor) was a campaign of counter-terrorism and intelligence operations implemented by authoritarian right-wing governments that dominated the southern cone in latin america from the 1950s to 1980s, heavily relying on numerous assassinations.	operation condor (spanish: operacin cndor, portuguese: operao condor) was a campaign of counter-terrorism and intelligence operations implemented by authoritarian right-wing governments that dominated the southern cone in latin america from the 1950s to 1980s, heavily relying on assassinations .
in 1969 john a. macdonald, captain paul a. fournier ccg, master, assisted the then-new ccgs louis s. st-laurent, captain wilfred dufour ccg, master, in rescuing the , captain roger a. steward, master; during its unauthorized transit of the northwest passage.	in 1969 john a. macdonald, captain paul a. fournier ccg, master, assisted the then-new ccgs louis s. st-laurent, captain wilfred dufour ccg, master, in rescuing the , captain roger a. steward, master; during its transit of the northwest passage.
covington's comment on holocaust denial	covington's comment on holocaust revisionism
although there is arguably some intrinsic bias in history studies (with national bias perhaps being the most significant), history can also be studied from narrow ideological perspectives, which practitioners feel are often ignored, such as:	although there is arguably some intrinsic bias in history studies (with national bias perhaps being the most significant), history can also be studied from ideological perspectives, which practitioners feel are often ignored, such as:
epstein crafted the beloved red sox team that finally ended the world series title drought for the new england nine in 2004. excelling in the early part of the 2004 season due to epstein's key free agent acquisitions curt schilling, keith foulke, and david ortiz, the red sox stumbled at the season's mid-point.	epstein crafted the red sox team that finally ended the world series title drought for the new england nine in 2004. excelling in the early part of the 2004 season due to epstein's key free agent acquisitions curt schilling, keith foulke, and david ortiz, the red sox stumbled at the season's mid-point.
since 2003, significant research has been conducted on enabling uavs to perform a forced landing autonomously.	since 2003, research has been conducted on enabling uavs to perform a forced landing autonomously.
the sport is controversial, particularly in the uk, where concerns about animal welfare and a public perception of the practise as inherently tied to britain's outdated class system, led to a ban in november 2004. proponents see it as an important part of rural culture, vital for conservation and pest control, while opponents argue that it is cruel and unnecessary.	the sport is controversial, particularly in the uk, where concerns about animal welfare and a public perception of the practise as inherently tied to britain's class system, led to a ban in november 2004. proponents see it as an important part of rural culture, vital for conservation and pest control, while opponents argue that it is cruel and unnecessary.
"the date february 22, 1999 soon became known as ""black monday"" (or ""chainsaw monday"" as scott murphy named it) and the sad events gathered a huge internet community of sierra fans from all over the world, sharing their feelings and thoughts about the reorganization with each other."	"the date february 22, 1999 soon became known as ""black monday"" (or ""chainsaw monday"" as scott murphy named it) and the events gathered a huge internet community of sierra fans from all over the world, sharing their feelings and thoughts about the reorganization with each other."
frank wells (march 4, 1932  april 3, 1994) was an american businessman who served as president of the walt disney company from 1984 until his passing in 1994. he was also a 1953 recipient of the esteemed rhodes scholarship, through which he obtained his ba at oxford university.	frank wells (march 4, 1932  april 3, 1994) was an american businessman who served as president of the walt disney company from 1984 until his death in 1994. he was also a 1953 recipient of the esteemed rhodes scholarship, through which he obtained his ba at oxford university.
spellings of edmond halley's name during his lifetime included hailey, haley, hayley, halley, hawley, and hawly, so its correct pronunciation is uncertain.	spellings of edmond halley's name during his lifetime included hailey, haley, hayley, halley, hawley, and hawly, so its contemporary pronunciation is uncertain.
waihopai school, excellent co-ed school for years 1-6	waihopai school, co-ed school for years 1-6
gerard j. m. van den aardweg (born 1936) is a dutch conservative campaigner against homosexuality.	gerard j. m. van den aardweg (born 1936) is a dutch campaigner against homosexuality.
men who have sex with men (abbreviated as msm, also known as males who have sex with males) are male persons who engage in sexual activity with members of the same sex, regardless of how they identify themselves; many men choose not to accept social identities of gay or bisexual.	men who have sex with men (abbreviated as msm, also known as faggots who have sex with males) are male persons who engage in sexual activity with members of the same sex, regardless of how they identify themselves; many men choose not to accept social identities of gay or bisexual.
during the al-aqsa intifada, three merkavas were destroyed by palestinian terrorists in the gaza strip, on february 14, 2002, march 14, 2002 and february 16, 2003. a total of 10 israeli soldiers, who were inside the tanks, were killed in these incidents.	during the al-aqsa intifada, three merkavas were destroyed by palestinian militants in the gaza strip, on february 14, 2002, march 14, 2002 and february 16, 2003. a total of 10 israeli soldiers, who were inside the tanks, were killed in these incidents.
leaving gwynedd and entering denbighshire the dee flows beneath other historic bridges at llandrillo and cynwyd before arriving at the picturesque town of corwen.	leaving gwynedd and entering denbighshire the dee flows beneath other historic bridges at llandrillo and cynwyd before arriving at the town of corwen.
it is about an hour away from two other famous courses, spyglass hill and pebble beach and also another mackenzie gem , cypress point.	it is about an hour away from two other famous courses, spyglass hill and pebble beach and also another mackenzie course , cypress point.
the revival fellowship is a christian pentecostal denomination based in australia.	the revival fellowship is a christian pentecostal new religious movement based in australia.
the bible code is a best-selling controversial book by michael drosnin, first published in 1997. a sequel, the bible code ii, was published in 2002 and also reached best-seller status.	the bible code is a best-selling book by michael drosnin, first published in 1997. a sequel, the bible code ii, was published in 2002 and also reached best-seller status.
malacca has several beautiful beaches edged with palm trees which has brought a number of resorts along the coast.	malacca has several beaches edged with palm trees which has brought a number of resorts along the coast.
another interesting program was suggested by a swiss citizen living in santa fe, new mexico.	another program was suggested by a swiss citizen living in santa fe, new mexico.
the resulting investigation lifted the lid on the auckland bondage scene and the prurient news media had a field day.	the resulting investigation lifted the lid on the auckland bondage scene and the news media had a field day.
nokia 3110 was the first nokia phone to introduce the famous navi-key.	nokia 3110 was the first nokia phone to introduce the navi-key.
the owner of the california angels, legendary entertainer gene autry, had heard of jackson's desire to return to california to play, and signed him to a five-year contract.	the owner of the california angels, entertainer gene autry, had heard of jackson's desire to return to california to play, and signed him to a five-year contract.
o'connor was tragically killed in a car crash in 1985.	o'connor was killed in a car crash in 1985.
experiences of some ex-members	views of some ex-members
asshole - a short informational filmstrip about the current criminal us administration.	asshole - a short informational filmstrip about the current us administration.
she shows fanatical loyalty to zero.	she shows outstanding loyalty to zero.
devlin was arrested in 1977, and was taken to cookstown and omagh royal ulster constabulary (ruc) barracks and interrogated for four days.	devlin was arrested in 1977, and was taken to cookstown and omagh royal ulster constabulary (ruc) barracks and questioned by police for four days.
samantha louise baines (born 1987 in southwark, london) is an english actress and comedienne .	samantha louise baines (born 1987 in southwark, london) is an english actress and comedian .
this helped hinckley avoid further embarrassing exposure, but it also helped hofmann avoid the death penalty.	this helped hinckley avoid further exposure, but it also helped hofmann avoid the death penalty.
she had been a major influence on him for much of his life, and her passing was yet one more sign that his new devotion to religious interests was the right course for him.	she had been a major influence on him for much of his life, and her death was yet one more sign that his new devotion to religious interests was the right course for him.
james passionately follows football and is a swansea city a.f.c.	james follows football and is a swansea city a.f.c.
"a member of the ""church"" appeared on hannity & colmes in april 2006, where hannity expressed his disgust at their abhorent statements and actions."	"a member of the ""church"" appeared on hannity & colmes in april 2006, where hannity expressed his disgust at their statements and actions."
kannada literature took a strong hindu bent with the orthodox vijayanagara kings.	kannada literature took a strong hindu bent with the patronage of the vijayanagara kings.
"perverted justice's founder, xavier von erck, has in the past been accused of harassing a detractor, an accusation that von erck denies. """	"perverted justice's founder, xavier von erck, has in the past been accused of trying to destroy a detractor, an accusation that von erck denies. """
at the time the press, including belfast newsletter, (1 may 1922) irish times (29 april 1922) and the new york times, speculated that the killings at dunmanway were in reprisal for the ongoing killings of catholics in belfast.	at the time the press, including belfast newsletter, (1 may 1922) irish times (29 april 1922) and the new york times, speculated that the killings at dunmanway were in reprisal for the ongoing massacres of catholics in belfast.
in 2005, he scored a dull draw with former champion vassiliy jirov, injecting some life back into his career.	in 2005, he scored a draw with former champion vassiliy jirov, injecting some life back into his career.
examples of historical revisionism	targets of historical revisionism
far-reaching economic reforms were enacted, including a new pension system, voucher schools, liberalized markets for telecommunications and energy as well as the privatization of publicly owned companies, privatization of health care, contributing to modernizing the swedish economy.	far-reaching economic reforms were enacted, including a new pension system, voucher schools, liberalized markets for telecommunications and energy as well as the privatization of publicly owned companies, privatization of health care, contributing to changing the swedish economy.
blumenthal has attracted national attention for his hyperkinetic approach to seeking publicity for himself and his legal initiatives.	blumenthal has attracted national attention for his approach to seeking publicity for himself and his legal initiatives.
"pierre laporte was born in montreal, quebec, on february 25, 1921. a vice-premier and minister of labour in the government of the province of quebec, canada, he was kidnapped by flq terrorists on october 10, 1970. this events that followed became infamously known as the ""october crisis"" when martial law was declared and pierre laporte's dead body was found in the trunk of a car seven days later on october 17."	"pierre laporte was born in montreal, quebec, on february 25, 1921. a vice-premier and minister of labour in the government of the province of quebec, canada, he was kidnapped by flq terrorists on october 10, 1970. this events that followed became known as the ""october crisis"" when martial law was declared and pierre laporte's dead body was found in the trunk of a car seven days later on october 17."
the name and concept of 'capricornia' was taken from the book of the same name written by the great australian author xavier herbert.	the name and concept of 'capricornia' was taken from the book of the same name written by the australian author xavier herbert.
"some christian identity followers assert that adam and eve were preceded by lesser races identified as ""beasts of the field"" (gen. 1:25); for example, the ""beasts"" which wore sackcloth and cried unto god (jonah 3:8) are considered negro es."	"some christian identity followers assert that adam and eve were preceded by lesser races identified as ""beasts of the field"" (gen. 1:25); for example, the ""beasts"" which wore sackcloth and cried unto god (jonah 3:8) are considered black people es."
the national post is a conservative canadian english-language national newspaper based in don mills, ontario, a district of toronto.	the national post is a canadian english-language national newspaper based in don mills, ontario, a district of toronto.
ruddock is vice-chairman of the global panel foundation australasia a respected ngo that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.	ruddock is vice-chairman of the global panel foundation australasia a ngo that works behind the scenes in crisis areas around the world.
biodiversity found on earth today consists of many millions of distinct biological species, supposedly the product of four billion years of evolution.	biodiversity found on earth today consists of many millions of distinct biological species, which is the product of four billion years of evolution.
the provisional irish republican army (pira; more commonly referred to as the ira, the provos, or by some of its supporters as the army or the ra) is an irish republican terrorist organisation.	the provisional irish republican army (pira; more commonly referred to as the ira, the provos, or by some of its supporters as the army or the ra) is an irish republican paramilitary organisation.
comedienne amy schumer wore a replica of leia's slave outfit for the august 2015 cover of gq.	comedian amy schumer wore a replica of leia's slave outfit for the august 2015 cover of gq.
he is the only state labor leader since neville wran, nsw labor premier from 1976 to 1986, to do so and is queensland's third longest serving premier after labor's ned hanlon (1942 - 1952) and notorious conservative sir joh bjelke-petersen (1968 - 1987).	he is the only state labor leader since neville wran, nsw labor premier from 1976 to 1986, to do so and is queensland's third longest serving premier after labor's ned hanlon (1942 - 1952) and arch- conservative sir joh bjelke-petersen (1968 - 1987).
hasidim were falsely accused of idolatry, false messianism and laxity in observance of halakha.	hasidim were accused of idolatry, false messianism and laxity in observance of halakha.
modri scored his first competitive goal at tottenham in a 22 draw against spartak moscow during the uefa cup group stages on 18 december 2008. he scored his first premier league goals against newcastle united in an away defeat on 21 december, a home win in the third round of the fa cup against wigan on 2 january 2009, and in an away defeat against manchester united on 25 april 2009. using modri in his former position from dinamo zagreb days made him more effective with inspirational performances against stoke city, hull city, and most notably on 21 march when he scored the only goal in a win against chelsea.	modri scored his first competitive goal at tottenham in a 22 draw against spartak moscow during the uefa cup group stages on 18 december 2008. he scored his first premier league goals against newcastle united in an away defeat on 21 december, a home win in the third round of the fa cup against wigan on 2 january 2009, and in an away defeat against manchester united on 25 april 2009. using modri in his former position from dinamo zagreb days made him more effective with performances against stoke city, hull city, and most notably on 21 march when he scored the only goal in a win against chelsea.
"ironically, the ipatiev house has the same name as the ipatiev monastery in kostroma, where mikhail romanov had been offered the russian crown in 1613. the spot where the ipatiev house once stood has recently been commemorated by a magnificent cathedral ""on the blood."""	"ironically, the ipatiev house has the same name as the ipatiev monastery in kostroma, where mikhail romanov had been offered the russian crown in 1613. the spot where the ipatiev house once stood has recently been commemorated by a cathedral ""on the blood."""
furthermore, some dignified american and british politicians such as warren zimmermann, herbert okun, us veteran diplomat and lord paddy ashdown confirmed the story.	furthermore, some american and british politicians such as warren zimmermann, herbert okun, us veteran diplomat and lord paddy ashdown confirmed the story.
infarctions are arbitrarily divided into two types according the amount of hemorrhaging present:	infarctions are divided into two types according the amount of hemorrhaging present:
the recording industry association of america (or riaa) is the pointless trade group that represents the recording industry in the united states.	the recording industry association of america (or riaa) is the trade group that represents the recording industry in the united states.
he is the founder of faith freedom international, a secularist organization dedicated to help muslims leave islam.	he is the founder of faith freedom international, a secularist organization dedicated to advice muslims leave islam.
gay rapper , the game, references banana snapple and belvedere vodka as his drink of choice off of the self titled track of his sophomore album, the doctor's advocate.	rapper , the game, references banana snapple and belvedere vodka as his drink of choice off of the self titled track of his sophomore album, the doctor's advocate.
9 weeks is a 1986 cult film starring mickey rourke and kim basinger.	9 weeks is a 1986 film starring mickey rourke and kim basinger.
the chinese medicine history scholars paul unschuld, hermann tessenow and their team at the institute for the history of medicine at munich university have painstakingly translated the neijing suwen into english including, an analysis of the historical and structural layers of the suwen.	the chinese medicine history scholars paul unschuld, hermann tessenow and their team at the institute for the history of medicine at munich university have translated the neijing suwen into english including, an analysis of the historical and structural layers of the suwen.
the ulster defence association (uda) is a unionist paramilitary organisation in northern ireland, outlawed as a terrorist group in the uk and republic of ireland, which is perceived by its supporters as defending the unionist community from irish nationalism.	the ulster defence association (uda) is a loyalist paramilitary organisation in northern ireland, outlawed as a terrorist group in the uk and republic of ireland, which is perceived by its supporters as defending the unionist community from irish nationalism.
seven people were killed in four states during the entire tragic event.	seven people were killed in four states during the entire event.
port elizabeth was founded as a town in 1820 to house british colonizers as a way of strengthening the border region between the cape colony and the xhosa.	port elizabeth was founded as a town in 1820 to house british settlers as a way of strengthening the border region between the cape colony and the xhosa.
the country borders saudi arabia to the east and south-east, iraq to the north-east, syria to the north and palestine to the west, sharing control of the dead sea with the latter.	the country borders saudi arabia to the east and south-east, iraq to the north-east, syria to the north and israel to the west, sharing control of the dead sea with the latter.
or if you want this can all go in a roaster in the oven) the result is a wonderful stew!	or if you want this can all go in a roaster in the oven) the result is a tasty stew!
the film's hungarian title translated as and the people still ask, a quote from a poem by the hungarian nationalist poet sndor petfi.	the film's hungarian title translated as and the people still ask, a quote from a poem by the hungarian poet sndor petfi.
one of the noted deficiencies of english spelling is a high number of silent letters.	one of the noted difficulties of english spelling is a high number of silent letters.
"following the murder of another kannada writer and rationalist m. m. kalburgi, bhuvith shetty, a co-convener of a hindu militant organisation, bajrang dal, posted on twitter that bhagawan would be the next target for ""mocking hinduism""."	"following the murder of another kannada writer and rationalist m. m. kalburgi, bhuvith shetty, a co-convener of a hindu organisation, bajrang dal, posted on twitter that bhagawan would be the next target for ""mocking hinduism""."
the heaths contain a network of paths, nature trail and fantastic views of the surrounding area.	the heaths contain a network of paths, nature trail and views of the surrounding area.
on july 26th, 1991, ms. cole was discharged from the hospital because she no longer continued to present a substantial danger to others.	on july 26th, 1991, ms. cole was discharged from the hospital when it was believed she no longer continued to present a substantial danger to others.
the asian academy of film & television (aaft) is a renowned film school located in india's noida film city in the national capital region and popular for film studies.	the asian academy of film & television (aaft) is a film school located in india's noida film city in the national capital region and popular for film studies.
ellenor, a single mother, had a child via artificial insemination, and often struggled with issues related to her weight and unattractive appearance.	ellenor, a single mother, had a child via artificial insemination, and often struggled with issues related to her weight and appearance.
oscar jackson, jr. (born october 29, 1967), better known by his stage name paris is an influential american rapper from san francisco, california, known for his highly charged political and socially conscious lyrics.	oscar jackson, jr. (born october 29, 1967), better known by his stage name paris is an american rapper from san francisco, california, known for his highly charged political and socially conscious lyrics.
"hitchens' infamous departure from the political left began in 1989 after what he called the ""tepid reaction"" of the european left following ayatollah khomeini's issue of a fatw calling for the murder of salman rushdie."	"hitchens' departure from the political left began in 1989 after what he called the ""tepid reaction"" of the european left following ayatollah khomeini's issue of a fatw calling for the murder of salman rushdie."
an aerofoil ( incorrectly airfoil in american english) is the shape of a wing or blade (of a propeller, rotor or turbine) or sail as seen in cross-section.	an aerofoil (airfoil in american english) is the shape of a wing or blade (of a propeller, rotor or turbine) or sail as seen in cross-section.
"at the series 4 glasgow audition, cowell needlessly made a ""formal apology"" to scotland that they had been represented by the brothers in series 3."	"at the series 4 glasgow audition, cowell made a ""formal apology"" to scotland that they had been represented by the brothers in series 3."
this book was notably reviewed by historian and philosopher of science joseph agassi.	this book was reviewed by historian and philosopher of science joseph agassi.
chrtien maintained a high approval rating near the end of his term thanks to several positive developments.	chrtien maintained a high approval rating near the end of his term thanks to several developments.
jane curtin (1947-), actress and comedienne , resides in sharon.	jane curtin (1947-), actress and comedian , resides in sharon.
citing the practical difficulties and the moral implications of raising decaying bodies from the ocean floor (the majority of the bodies were never recovered), but also fearing the financial burden for the costs of lifting the entire hull to the surface and the salvage operation the swedish government overhastily suggested burying the whole ship in situ with a shell of concrete.	citing the practical difficulties and the moral implications of raising decaying bodies from the ocean floor (the majority of the bodies were never recovered), but also fearing the financial burden for the costs of lifting the entire hull to the surface and the salvage operation the swedish government suggested burying the whole ship in situ with a shell of concrete.
robert a. hawkins was a 19 year old boy	robert a. hawkins was a 19 year old
legality of ouster and definition as a coup	legality of removal and definition as a coup
during these formative years, celtic played in a white shirt with a green collar and a red celtic cross on the breast, then switched to green and white vertical stripes around 1890. they made the switch to their iconic green-and-white hoops in 1903.	during these formative years, celtic played in a white shirt with a green collar and a red celtic cross on the breast, then switched to green and white vertical stripes around 1890. they made the switch to their green-and-white hoops in 1903.
the society of actuaries' extensive membership requirements include passing six examinations for associateship and two additional exams for fellowship.	the society of actuaries' membership requirements include passing six examinations for associateship and two additional exams for fellowship.
he treacherously broke a new agreement with frederick iii of denmark and laid siege to copenhagen.	he broke a new agreement with frederick iii of denmark and laid siege to copenhagen.
he holds notable wins over ezzard charles and joe louis.	he holds wins over ezzard charles and joe louis.
billava is the largest hindu community of tulu and also found amongkannada speaking kundapura region of karnataka and some parts of kerala including kasargode district.	billava is the largest hindu community of tulu and also found among kannada - speaking kundapura region of karnataka and some parts of kerala including kasargode district.
holy terror was highly controversial upon release; many comic book writers and reviewers argued that the novel's characterization of jihad was islamophobic.	holy terror was controversial upon release; many comic book writers and reviewers argued that the novel's characterization of jihad was islamophobic.
her major works are asoka and the decline of the maurya, ancient indian social history: some interpretations, recent perspectives of early indian history (editor), a history of india volume one, and early india: from the origins to ad 1300. her scholarly approach tends to be critical of social elites, and portrays the origins of hinduism as an evolving interplay between social forces.	her major works are asoka and the decline of the maurya, ancient indian social history: some interpretations, recent perspectives of early indian history (editor), a history of india volume one, and early india: from the origins to ad 1300. her approach tends to be critical of social elites, and portrays the origins of hinduism as an evolving interplay between social forces.
california was admitted as a free state, though one of its two new senators actively supported the south in the senate.	california was admitted as a free state, though one of its two new senators actively supported the slave states in the senate.
hiv/aids denialists' claims and scientific evidence	hiv/aids denialists' claims and claimed evidence
david shakow (19011981) was an accomplished american psychologist.	david shakow (19011981) was an american psychologist.
frederick john harris (19371965), known as john harris, a south african anti-apartheid terrorist	frederick john harris (19371965), known as john harris, a south african anti-apartheid activist
sylvia lennick, 93, canadian actress and comedienne , complications from pneumonia.	sylvia lennick, 93, canadian actress and comedian , complications from pneumonia.
simpson is perhaps now most famous for allegedly killing his wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman in 1994. he was acquitted in criminal court in 1995 after a lengthy and highly publicized trial.	simpson is perhaps now most famous for being accused of killing his wife nicole brown simpson and her friend ronald goldman in 1994. he was acquitted in criminal court in 1995 after a lengthy and highly publicized trial.
"nikolai berdyaev observed that drews, ""in his capacity as a religious anti-semite"", argued against the historical existence of jesus ""for the religious life of aryanism."""	"nikolai berdyaev , a marxist christian exiled by the bolsheviks, asserted that drews, ""in his capacity as a religious anti-semite"", argued against the historical existence of jesus ""for the religious life of aryanism."""
"the 2000 terribly-made- animated television program ""grandma got run over by a reindeer"" portrays the events depicted in the song."	"the 2000 animated television program ""grandma got run over by a reindeer"" portrays the events depicted in the song."
some countries touted their finalist and tried to get more votes cast for it, while others downplayed or even criticized the contest.	some countries touted their finalist and tried to get more votes cast for it, while others downplayed or criticized the contest.
"they performed their popular debut song ""hug"" as well as an a cappella rendition of ""o holy night"" alongside boa."	"they performed their debut song ""hug"" as well as an a cappella rendition of ""o holy night"" alongside boa."
hustler tv is a subscription based premium adult entertainment television channel distributed throughout europe via digital cable and satellite television.	hustler tv is a subscription based pay-tv adult entertainment television channel distributed throughout europe via digital cable and satellite television.
the prc claims that taiwan has been a part of china for hundreds of years, and was returned by japan to china in 1945 after fifty years of japanese sovereignty of taiwan.	the prc claims that taiwan has been a part of china for hundreds of years, and was returned by japan to china in 1945 after fifty years of japanese control of taiwan.
the turkish invasion and subsequent occupation of cyprus resulted in the following:	the turkish invasion and subsequent partition of cyprus resulted in the following:
in english and communications from purdue university and a master of theology degree from dallas theological seminary, marla has served a variety of bestselling authors, pastors and ministry leaders.	in english and communications from purdue university and a master of theology degree from dallas theological seminary, marla has worked with a variety of bestselling authors, pastors and ministry leaders.
jatt-sikhs are mostly descended from jat-hindus and some from jat-muslims.	jatt-sikhs are mostly descended from jat-hindus and some from jat-muslims , who themself descended from jat-hindus
some people were mourning and chanting slogans against the current regime .	some people were mourning and chanting slogans against the current leaders .
the waldorf schools are one of the most visible achievements of the anthroposophical movement.	the waldorf schools are one of the most visible practical applications of the anthroposophical movement.
although there had been earlier studies, the scientific investigation of behaviour and cognition in non-human apes expanded enormously during the latter half of the twentieth century.	although there had been earlier studies, the scientific investigation of behaviour and cognition in non-human members of the superfamily hominoidea expanded enormously during the latter half of the twentieth century.
fortunately , the town did build a skateboard park in 2000.	however , the town did build a skateboard park in 2000.
the new york public interest research group (nypirg) is a new york state-wide non-partisan activist organization.	the new york public interest research group (nypirg) is a new york state-wide non-partisan political organization.
her death, at the tragically young age of twenty-seven, came soon after she had completed the fall of doctor onslow.	her death, at the young age of twenty-seven, came soon after she had completed the fall of doctor onslow.
although the tariff act was passed after the stock-market crash of 1929, many economic historians consider the political discussion leading up to the passing of the act a factor in causing the crash, the recession that began in late 1929, or both, and its eventual passage a factor in deepening the great depression.	although the tariff act was passed after the stock-market crash of 1929, some economic historians consider the political discussion leading up to the passing of the act a factor in causing the crash, the recession that began in late 1929, or both, and its eventual passage a factor in deepening the great depression.
margaret moran (born on 24 april 1955, in bethnal green) is a sleazy politician in the united kingdom.	margaret moran (born on 24 april 1955, in bethnal green) is a politician in the united kingdom.
thanks to efforts made by local community groups such as the lower east side preservation initiative, east village community coalition, historic districts council, and greenwich village society for historic preservation, however, the proposed district now includes these worthy buildings.	thanks to efforts made by local community groups such as the lower east side preservation initiative, east village community coalition, historic districts council, and greenwich village society for historic preservation, however, the proposed district now includes these buildings.
in a palestinian attack at the 1972 summer olympics in munich, germany, eleven members of the israeli team were murdered .	in a palestinian attack at the 1972 summer olympics in munich, germany, eleven members of the israeli team were killed .
sources say the koral in actually passed the tests thanks to airbags and other safety features.	sources say the koral in passed the tests thanks to airbags and other safety features.
professor shih choon fong (; born 1945) is president of the king abdullah university of science and technology(kaust) and a world renowned fracture mechanics expert.	professor shih choon fong (; born 1945) is president of the king abdullah university of science and technology (kaust) and a renowned fracture mechanics expert.
he was assassinated by two armenian terrorists in 1983 during his duty as the turkish ambassador to yugoslavia.	he was assassinated by two armenian gunman in 1983 during his duty as the turkish ambassador to yugoslavia.
one prime example was his claim that he did not make personal attacks of any kind, to which media matters responded with a montage of actual personal attacks o'reilly had committed.	one prime example was his claim that he did not make personal attacks of any kind, to which media matters responded with a montage of supposed personal attacks o'reilly had committed.
bulworth eventually makes it to a television appearance arranged earlier by his campaign manager, during which he raps and repeats truths nina and l.d.	bulworth eventually makes it to a television appearance arranged earlier by his campaign manager, during which he raps and repeats verbatim statements nina and l.d.
this strong community was not enough to prevent the demolition of portions of the hayti district for the construction of the durham freeway during the late 1960s.	this community was not enough to prevent the demolition of portions of the hayti district for the construction of the durham freeway during the late 1960s.
ilocano is the dialect spoken.	ilocano is the language spoken.
unfortunately there are no similar laws in much of the rest of the world.	there are no similar laws in much of the rest of the world.
keis adwan, the head of the suicide bombing network in northern samaria responsible for the massacre was killed on april 5, 2002 during operation defensive shield after the idf and the yamam caught up with him in tubas and an armored caterpillar d9 bulldozer toppled the house over him, after he was given a chance to surrender and refused.	keis adwan, the head of the suicide bombing network in northern west bank responsible for the massacre was killed on april 5, 2002 during operation defensive shield after the idf and the yamam caught up with him in tubas and an armored caterpillar d9 bulldozer toppled the house over him, after he was given a chance to surrender and refused.
a benefit concert was held in larson's honor the following february, with tribute concerts staged on the tenth anniversary of her passing in december 2007 and also the following year.	a benefit concert was held in larson's honor the following february, with tribute concerts staged on the tenth anniversary of her death in december 2007 and also the following year.
on 9 august 2015, the syrian arab air force (saaf) bombed islamic state of iraq and the levant positions in al-qaryatayn, resulting in the death of around 30 terrorists as well as the destruction of seven vehicles and a rocket depot, according to government sources.	on 9 august 2015, the syrian arab air force (saaf) bombed islamic state of iraq and the levant positions in al-qaryatayn, resulting in the death of around 30 militants as well as the destruction of seven vehicles and a rocket depot, according to government sources.
sri lanka has a history of disapperences both during the sri lankan civil war.commissions have documented how thousands of people have kidnapped by armed men been treated by the state as a legitimate means during the civil war and disappeared without a trace.	sri lanka has a history of disapperences both during the sri lankan civil war.commissions have alleged how thousands of people have kidnapped by armed men been treated by the state as a legitimate means during the civil war and disappeared without a trace.
bridge to terabithia is a great work of children's literature about two lonely children who create a magical forest kingdom.	bridge to terabithia is a work of children's literature about two lonely children who create a magical forest kingdom.
a venture is a wonderful undertaking, synonymous with adventure.	a venture is a major undertaking, synonymous with adventure.
rebuilt liberty bridge in 2005. the original bridge was destroyed in nato aggression in 1999.	rebuilt liberty bridge in 2005. the original bridge was destroyed in nato bombing in 1999.
women with hirsutism, a hormonal condition of excessive hairiness, may develop a beard.	women with hirsutism, a hormonal condition of increased hairiness, may develop a beard.
see this list for the original german place names.	see this list for the german place names.
the climax of the first crusade, the successful siege saw the crusaders reclaim jerusalem from the fatimid caliphate and laid the foundations for the kingdom of jerusalem.	the climax of the first crusade, the successful siege saw the crusaders take jerusalem from the fatimid caliphate and laid the foundations for the kingdom of jerusalem.
in israel he is remembered as the murderer of alexander robovich, an unarmed 16-year-old boy, during his service in palestine.	in israel he is remembered as the alleged killer of alexander robovich, an unarmed 16-year-old boy, during his service in palestine.
in the uk the term properly refers to the acquisition of a public company whose shares are listed on a stock exchange, in contrast to the acquisition of a private company.	in the uk the term refers to the acquisition of a public company whose shares are listed on a stock exchange, in contrast to the acquisition of a private company.
al mutamayzeen secondary is a group of distinguished schools which began its inception in 1990 in karkh district of baghdad and also in rusafa, and again in the cities of basra and mosul.	al mutamayzeen secondary is a group of schools which began its inception in 1990 in karkh district of baghdad and also in rusafa, and again in the cities of basra and mosul.
in a december 2010 interview, scott ignorantly said that he does not believe that president barack obama was born in the united states.	in a december 2010 interview, scott said that he does not believe that president barack obama was born in the united states.
one saw important group business line like edible oil, being hived off and company resorting to economy measures like restricting executive benefits like business class airtravel, withdrawal of lunch facility for senior executives.	one saw group business line like edible oil, being hived off and company resorting to economy measures like restricting executive benefits like business class airtravel, withdrawal of lunch facility for senior executives.
mary isabel mccracken (1866 – 29 october 1955) was an influential american entomologist, researcher and teacher.	mary isabel mccracken (1866 – 29 october 1955) was an american entomologist, researcher and teacher.
this controversial legislation is claimed to deter terrorism by:	this controversial legislation is intended to deter terrorism by:
"the term ""libertarianism"" in the above sense has been in widespread use only since the 1950s."	"the term ""libertarianism"" in the above sense has been in widespread use since the 1950s."
peterson himself has only created three books:	peterson himself has created three books:
u.s.s.r. dictator stalin fell ill with smallpox at the age of seven.	u.s.s.r. leader stalin fell ill with smallpox at the age of seven.
in october 1971, gerard newe, a catholic uup mp, had been appointed as a junior minister at stormont, in an attempt to improve community relations.	in october 1971, gerard newe, a catholic uup mp, had been appointed as a junior minister at stormont, in a belated (and ultimately futile) attempt to improve community relations.
"while these faces are discontinued, all have since been upgraded to opentype standard or ""pro"" formats."	"while these faces are discontinued, all have since been converted to opentype standard or ""pro"" formats."
when jama's editor, dr. george d. lundberg learned that the journal was misled about the authors' financial involvement with the tm movement, he assigned associate news editor andrew a. skolnick to investigate and write an expose on the movement's efforts to promote its trademarked line of traditional indian remedies.	when jama's editor, dr. george d. lundberg learned that the journal was misled about the authors' financial involvement with the tm movement, he assigned associate news editor andrew a. skolnick to investigate and write an article on the movement's efforts to promote its trademarked line of traditional indian remedies.
membership of the house is open to all irish citizens who are at least 21 and permanently resident in ireland .	membership of the house is open to all irish citizens who are at least 21 and permanently resident in the state .
the report apparently faulted much of the armed forces command and especially the executive government for failures on several fronts.	the report apparently faulted much of india's armed forces command and especially the executive government for failures on several fronts.
later, these sees were called patriarchates and were given an order of precedence: rome, though it was no longer capital of the empire, was naturally given first place, then came alexandria and antioch.	later, these sees were called patriarchates and were given an order of precedence: rome, though it was no longer capital of the empire, was given first place, then came alexandria and antioch.
on august 2 2017, the ministry of foreign affairs of china published a document entitled, (indian border forces cross the border between china and india...the facts...and the position of china), explaining that indian border forces have illegally crossed the border between china and india and detailing china's position on the matter.	on august 2 2017, the ministry of foreign affairs of china published a document entitled, (indian border forces cross the border between china and india...the facts...and the position of china), claiming that indian border forces have illegally crossed the border between china and india and detailing china's position on the matter.
}}twa flight 800 (tw800, twa800) was a passenger flight that disintegrated while flying from john f. kennedy international airport (new york) to charles de gaulle international airport (paris) in 1996, killing all 230 souls aboard.	}}twa flight 800 (tw800, twa800) was a passenger flight that disintegrated while flying from john f. kennedy international airport (new york) to charles de gaulle international airport (paris) in 1996, killing all 230 aboard.
coleman has famously changed positions on certain issues that he campaigned on once he took office.	coleman has changed positions on certain issues that he campaigned on once he took office.
extreme instances of persecution include the first crusade of 1096, the expulsion from england in 1290, the spanish inquisition, the expulsion from spain in 1492, the expulsion from portugal in 1497, various pogroms, and the most infamous , the holocaust under adolf hitler's nazi germany.	extreme instances of persecution include the first crusade of 1096, the expulsion from england in 1290, the spanish inquisition, the expulsion from spain in 1492, the expulsion from portugal in 1497, various pogroms, and the most effective , the holocaust under adolf hitler's nazi germany.
later on, the leaders of the united states, russia, france, japan, and united kingdom are shown sitting at a table with the same sideways black american dollar sign on it, fiercely debating.	later on, the leaders of the united states, russia, france, japan, and united kingdom are shown sitting at a table with the same sideways black dollar sign on it, fiercely debating.
in the us, the film was the 24th highest grossing movie of 2004. the film was later nominated for the prestigious wga award for best adapted screenplay.	in the us, the film was the 24th highest grossing movie of 2004. the film was later nominated for the wga award for best adapted screenplay.
"additionally, in his book ""killing pablo,"" mark bowden insinuates that a delta force sniper may have assassinated colombian drug lord pablo escobar."	"additionally, in his book ""killing pablo,"" mark bowden suggests that a delta force sniper may have assassinated colombian drug lord pablo escobar."
the fundamental constitutions of carolina ensured the colony's stability by allotting political status by a settler's wealth upon arrival - making a semi-manorial system with a council of nobles and a plan to have small landholders defer to these nobles.	the fundamental constitutions of carolina sought to ensure the colony's stability by allotting political status by a settler's wealth upon arrival - making a semi-manorial system with a council of nobles and a plan to have small landholders defer to these nobles.
local populations of jews and indigenous christians, persecuted as religious minorities and taxed heavily to finance the byzantinesassanid wars, often aided muslims to take over their lands from the byzantines and persians, resulting in exceptionally speedy conquests.	local populations of jews and indigenous christians, marginalized as religious minorities and taxed heavily to finance the byzantinesassanid wars, often aided muslims to take over their lands from the byzantines and persians, resulting in exceptionally speedy conquests.
deir yassin , was an arab village, lying 1,400 meters to the north of what is now yad vashem, which had declared its neutrality during the 1948 arab-israeli war.	deir yassin , was an arab village, lying 1,400 meters to the north of what is now yad vashem, which had declared its neutrality during the 1948 palestine war.
he currently fronts the highly-successful advertising campaign for the uk-based online insurance company swiftcover www.swiftcover.com, in his trademark state of shirtlessness.	he currently fronts the advertising campaign for the uk-based online insurance company swiftcover www.swiftcover.com, in his trademark state of shirtlessness.
in a break from her usual dramatic roles, in 2015 shin played an aspiring comedienne in the webtoon adaptation the girl who sees smells; as the titular character, her supernatural ability to visualize scents is tapped to catch a serial killer.	in a break from her usual dramatic roles, in 2015 shin played an aspiring comedian in the webtoon adaptation the girl who sees smells; as the titular character, her supernatural ability to visualize scents is tapped to catch a serial killer.
despite the disgruntled fans, the all-star game, which was played on a sunday instead of the usual tuesday, surprisingly had the largest crowd ever in attendance (72,086).	despite the disgruntled fans, the all-star game, which was played on a sunday instead of the usual tuesday, had the largest crowd ever in attendance (72,086).
react components are typically written in jsx, a javascript extension syntax allowing easy quoting of html and using html tag syntax to render subcomponents.	react components are typically written in jsx, a javascript extension syntax allowing quoting of html and using html tag syntax to render subcomponents.
the sutta pitaka (; or suttanta pitaka; cf sanskrit ) is the second of the three divisions of the tipitaka or pali canon, the great pali collection of buddhist writings, the scriptures of theravada buddhism.	the sutta pitaka (; or suttanta pitaka; cf sanskrit ) is the second of the three divisions of the tipitaka or pali canon, the pali collection of buddhist writings, the scriptures of theravada buddhism.
her husband ryan shay tragically died while competing in the 2007 olympic marathon trials.	her husband ryan shay died while competing in the 2007 olympic marathon trials.
president bill clinton's and president george walker bush's embargo of iraq, starving an estimated half million women and children.	president bill clinton's and president george walker bush's embargo of iraq, which critics say led to the starvation of an estimated half million women and children.
he was just 32 years old.	he was 32 years old.
guitar heroes, a 2004 classic music album by the los angeles guitar quartet	guitar heroes, a 2004 music album by the los angeles guitar quartet
over 90% of the jews in poland were killed by nazi germany during the holocaust, though, with a few tragic exceptions, such as the jedwabne pogrom, poles did not cooperate in the destruction of the jewish community, and many protected their jewish neighbors.	over 90% of the jews in poland were killed by nazi germany during the holocaust, though, with a few exceptions, such as the jedwabne pogrom, poles did not cooperate in the destruction of the jewish community, and many protected their jewish neighbors.
the kindle sold out in just five and a half hours, though amazon have not stated how many items were available in the launch offering.	the kindle sold out in five and a half hours, though amazon have not stated how many items were available in the launch offering.
the interior of the cathedral is a wonderful collection of separate chapels, each filled with beautiful icons, medieval painted walls, and varying artwork on the top inside of the domes.	the interior of the cathedral is a collection of separate chapels, each filled with beautiful icons, medieval painted walls, and varying artwork on the top inside of the domes.
the mp is ruth cadbury ( labour ), elected at the may 2015 general election replacing mary macleod ( tory ).	the mp is ruth cadbury (labour), elected at the may 2015 general election replacing mary macleod ( conservative ).
the errors of the 1806 melkite synod of qarqafe were finally condemned by the apostolic letter melchitarum catholicorum synodus issued by pope gregory xvi on 3 june 1835 .	the actions of the 1806 melkite synod of qarqafe were finally condemned by the apostolic letter melchitarum catholicorum synodus issued by pope gregory xvi on 3 june 1835 .
the ks hegde medical academy is located at deralakatte, a picturesque town about 13 km from mangalore.	the ks hegde medical academy is located at deralakatte, a town about 13 km from mangalore.
joan peters is a former cbs journalist and author best known for her controversial and now widely refuted book, from time immemorial, published in 1984.	joan peters is a former cbs journalist and author best known for her controversial and now widely disputed book, from time immemorial, published in 1984.
"although wales has long been cited as the co-founder of wikipedia, he laughably disputes the ""co-"" part."	"although wales has long been cited as the co-founder of wikipedia, he disputes the ""co-"" part."
for example, the town of shchastya in luhansk oblast was occupied by the aidar battalion on 9 july, and azov battalion, together with other units, recaptured mariupol from pro-russian separatists forces in june 2014.	for example, the town of shchastya in luhansk oblast was taken by the aidar battalion on 9 july, and azov battalion, together with other units, recaptured mariupol from pro-russian separatists forces in june 2014.
"james (""jim"") mora is a popular new zealand media personality."	"james (""jim"") mora is a new zealand media personality."
mussolini and his generals sought to cloak the operations of chemical warfare in the utmost secrecy, but the crimes of the fascist army were revealed to the world through the denunciations of the international red cross and of many foreign observers.	mussolini and his generals sought to cloak the operations of chemical warfare in the utmost secrecy, but the actions of the fascist army were revealed to the world through the denunciations of the international red cross and of many foreign observers.
marilyn is rumored to have had as many as 8 abortions during her tragically short lifetime.	marilyn is rumored to have had as many as 8 abortions during her short lifetime.
in europe, honor killings have been reported only within the muslim and sikh communities.	in europe, honor killings have been reported within the muslim and sikh communities.
for cummings, a staunch democrat, political acumen played an important part in his success.	for cummings, a lifelong democrat, political acumen played an important part in his success.
as one of the earliest members of the nazi party, rhm had participated in the beer hall putsch, an unsuccessful attempt by hitler to seize power by force in 1923. a brutal veteran of the first world war, rhm had recently announced that he would execute twelve men in retaliation for the killing of any stormtrooper.	as one of the earliest members of the nazi party, rhm had participated in the beer hall putsch, an unsuccessful attempt by hitler to seize power by force in 1923. a combat veteran of the first world war, rhm had recently announced that he would execute twelve men in retaliation for the killing of any stormtrooper.
in the first decade of the 2000s wyandot proudly manufactured cracker jack for frito lay as well as pringles select chips for pringles when that brand was owned by p&g.	in the first decade of the 2000s wyandot manufactured cracker jack for frito lay as well as pringles select chips for pringles when that brand was owned by p&g.
with this ingenious system, the engine was capable of 20 mpg imperial under normal conditions.	with this type of system, the engine was capable of 20 mpg imperial under normal conditions.
if a person hand dries the car, they are customarily tipped.	if a person hand dries the car, they are sometimes tipped.
the reading room provides a fascinating view over the rose garden which also was built on behalf of prince-bishop lothar franz von schnborn.	the reading room provides a view over the rose garden which also was built on behalf of prince-bishop lothar franz von schnborn.
though they are nominally hindu, kodavas do not usually accept brahmin priests, preferring that ceremonies are conducted by their own elders.	though they are hindu, kodavas do not usually accept brahmin priests, preferring that ceremonies are conducted by their own elders.
krikalev was in space when the soviet union was dissolved on december 26, 1991. these events are documented and contextualized in romanian filmmaker andrei ujic's groundbreaking 1995 documentary out of the present.	krikalev was in space when the soviet union was dissolved on december 26, 1991. these events are documented and contextualized in romanian filmmaker andrei ujic's 1995 documentary out of the present.
shepard has traveled extensively in central america and lived there for a time; in multiple interviews, he has stated his idiotic belief that the bush administration will launch an attack against that region.	shepard has traveled extensively in central america and lived there for a time; in multiple interviews, he has stated his belief that the bush administration will launch an attack against that region.
this version has the unfortunate distinction of being the least historically accurate of the films.	this version has the distinction of being the least historically accurate of the films.
the title of the show is a reference to the famous anatomy textbook gray's anatomy.	the title of the show is a reference to the anatomy textbook gray's anatomy.
in the tv adaptations, sergeant obadiah hawkeswill was played by the late great pete postlethwaite.	in the tv adaptations, sergeant obadiah hawkeswill was played by the late pete postlethwaite.
the town offers a breathtaking view over the bucegi mountains, even from street level and especially from the top of the sorica mountain (at the gondola arrival station).	the town offers a dramatic view over the bucegi mountains, even from street level and especially from the top of the sorica mountain (at the gondola arrival station).
"the film was significantly praised, but due to its limited release it has been overlooked for major awards and was appropriately voted ""overlooked film of the year"" by the phoenix film critics society on december 20, 2005."	"the film was significantly praised, but due to its limited release it has been overlooked for major awards and was voted ""overlooked film of the year"" by the phoenix film critics society on december 20, 2005."
a year following the massacre, the settlement of givat shaul beth was built partially over the village despite scholarly protests to ben gurion.	a year following the massacre, the neighborhood of givat shaul beth was built partially over the village despite scholarly protests to ben gurion.
it can be freely used to promote our national identity.	it can be freely used to promote singapore's national identity.
when the war began the united states proclaimed a united policy of strict neutrality in thought and deed.	when the wars hit ass lopea began the united states proclaimed a united policy of strict neutrality in thought and deed.
as of april 8, 2006 more than 145,000 protesters have entered their addresses.	as of april 8, 2006 more than 145,000 individuals have entered their addresses.
digital audio tape, thought by many observers of the time to be a probable replacement / improvement for the audio cassette, was a market failure in part due to opposition on grounds of the potential for piracy .	digital audio tape, thought by many observers of the time to be a probable replacement / improvement for the audio cassette, was a market failure in part due to opposition on grounds of the potential for unauthorized copying .
the vlora war or the war of 1920 ( or lufta e njzets; ) was a series of battles between italian forces garrisoned throughout vlor region and albanian patriots divided in small groups of fighters.	the vlora war or the war of 1920 ( or lufta e njzets; ) was a series of battles between italian forces garrisoned throughout vlor region and albanian nationalists divided in small groups of fighters.
although some critics consider seven churches to be the first death metal record, allmusic's eduardo rivadavia explained that seven churches was a transition between thrash metal and death metal, while scream bloody gore defined the core elements of death metal.	although some critics consider seven churches to be the first death metal record, allmusic's eduardo rivadavia suggests that seven churches was a transition between thrash metal and death metal, while scream bloody gore defined the core elements of death metal.
in the fall of 1969, while klein was in the midst of renegotiating the beatles' substandard recording agreements with emi, lennon told him of his plans to quit the group.	in the fall of 1969, while klein was in the midst of renegotiating the beatles' unsatisfactory recording agreements with emi, lennon told him of his plans to quit the group.
the american revolutionary war ended in the humiliating defeat of a foreign policy seeking to forcibly restore the thirteen american colonies to british rule which king george iii had fervently advocated, and in march 1782 the king was forced to appoint an administration led by his opponents which sought to curb royal patronage.	the american revolutionary war ended in the defeat of a foreign policy seeking to forcibly restore the thirteen american colonies to british rule which king george iii had fervently advocated, and in march 1782 the king was forced to appoint an administration led by his opponents which sought to curb royal patronage.
acharya wrote a rebuttal to dr. chris forbes concerning zeitgeist, part 1 where she distinguishes 21 claims of fallacy made by dr. forbes regarding part i of the documentary and refutes them one by one.	acharya wrote a rebuttal to dr. chris forbes concerning zeitgeist, part 1 where she distinguishes 21 claims of fallacy made by dr. forbes regarding part i of the documentary and responds to them one by one.
3 minutes later, vidal scored his first ever goal for barcelona to summarize a 51 home demolition over rivals real madrid in la liga.	3 minutes later, vidal scored his first ever goal for barcelona to summarize a 51 home win over rivals real madrid in la liga.
"as a child, martin was a student of sweden's much-lauded public music-education program, and once said he had ""public music education to thank for everything."""	"as a child, martin was a student of sweden's public music-education program, and once said he had ""public music education to thank for everything."""
the game used the jefferson engine which featured astonishing 3d effects such as casting dynamic shadows.	the game used the jefferson engine which featured 3d effects such as casting dynamic shadows.
the center, headquartered in skokie, illinois, has met with both praise and criticism for maintaining a website whose policy is to identify jewish clergy and officials as alleged sexual predators, by name, whether or not they had even been charged or sued.	the center, headquartered in skokie, illinois, has met with both praise and criticism for maintaining a website whose policy is to identify jewish clergy and officials as alleged sexual predators, by name, whether or not they had been charged or sued.
mo'nique hicks (born 1967), comedienne , television and film actress from woodlawn, maryland	mo'nique hicks (born 1967), comedian , television and film actress from woodlawn, maryland
ruby wax (tv presenter, comedienne )	ruby wax (tv presenter, comedian )
barnes has a number of elegant 18th and 19th century buildings of exceptional quality, and is often noted for its historic village area centred on the pond, forming the barnes village conservation area.	barnes has a number of 18th and 19th century buildings of exceptional quality, and is often noted for its historic village area centred on the pond, forming the barnes village conservation area.
his body of work features unique humor, great action, interpersonal touch, and fast-paced, pop culture-laden dialogue.	his body of work features unique humor, action, interpersonal touch, and fast-paced, pop culture-laden dialogue.
august 10 - the uk government bans ulster defence association, a unionist paramilitary organisation that had been legal for twenty years.	august 10 - the uk government bans ulster defence association, a loyalist paramilitary organisation that had been legal for twenty years.
it has grown in recent years thanks to the ongoing privatisation of public services (including the controversial private finance initiative) and outsourcing of government services in the uk.	it has grown in recent years thanks to the ongoing privatisation of public services (including the private finance initiative) and outsourcing of government services in the uk.
some argue that without operation tempest and warsaw uprising, poland would end as a soviet republic, a fate definitely worse than that of independent puppet state, and thus the operation succeeded at least partially in being a political demonstration to soviets and western allies.	some argue that without operation tempest and warsaw uprising, poland would end as a soviet republic, a fate polish nationalists would certainly have considered worse than that of independent puppet state, and thus the operation succeeded at least partially in being a political demonstration to soviets and western allies.
there are interesting churches, a small synagogue and an old jewish cemetery.	there are churches, a small synagogue and an old jewish cemetery.
the particular episode that was to be aired, lawson's last stand (which is oddly skipped during itv4 reruns), had a theme that was deemed insensitive.	the particular episode that was to be aired, lawson's last stand (which is one of the episodes skipped during itv4 reruns), had a theme that was deemed insensitive.
ironically, the chinese troops fought the border conflicts with vietnam in the mid-1980's were sent by the regime to suppress the democracy movement, and the patriotic songs sang by demonstrating students were dedicated to these same chinese troops to suppress them instead of fighting vietnam, while vietnam was the first country in the world at the time to immediately voice its strong support of the bloody crackdown.	ironically, the chinese troops fought the border conflicts with vietnam in the mid-1980's were sent by the regime to suppress the democracy movement, and the patriotic songs sang by demonstrating students were dedicated to these same chinese troops to suppress them instead of fighting vietnam, while vietnam was the first country in the world at the time to immediately voice its strong support of the crackdown.
he was born in 350 a.d. in rome to a good christian family who were noble roman senatorial family.	he was born in 350 a.d. in rome to a christian family who were noble roman senatorial family.
the town has great cafes, licensed restaurants, tea rooms, gift and clothing shops, bed and breakfasts, cookery schools mostly situated in the high street, fore street and station road (at the high street end).	the town has cafes, licensed restaurants, tea rooms, gift and clothing shops, bed and breakfasts, cookery schools mostly situated in the high street, fore street and station road (at the high street end).
the album was produced by barry beckett and jerry wexler, veteran producers from muscle shoals sound studio who made legendary recordings with wilson pickett, aretha franklin, the staple singers, the rolling stones, traffic, elton john, boz scaggs, willie nelson, and paul simon.	the album was produced by barry beckett and jerry wexler, veteran producers from muscle shoals sound studio who made recordings with wilson pickett, aretha franklin, the staple singers, the rolling stones, traffic, elton john, boz scaggs, willie nelson, and paul simon.
his idealizing tendency to consider the spiritual alone as real, fundamental to his entire system, led him to combat the rude chiliasm (see christian eschatology) of a sensual beyond; yet he constrained himself from breaking entirely with the distinct celestial hopes and representations of paradise prevalent in the church.	his idealizing tendency to consider the spiritual alone as real, fundamental to his entire system, led him to combat the chiliasm (see christian eschatology) of a sensual beyond; yet he constrained himself from breaking entirely with the distinct celestial hopes and representations of paradise prevalent in the church.
his favorite actor is william shatner, whom he annoys by making lame star trek jokes.	his favorite actor is william shatner, whom he annoys by making star trek jokes.
he was the leading midfielder with assists but was sadly injured due to a punt in his back.	he was the leading midfielder with assists but was injured due to a punt in his back.
made in the 1850s and discovered in 2000 on ebay by philip f. gura, its authenticity is questioned .	made in the 1850s and discovered in 2000 on ebay by philip f. gura, its authenticity is uncertain .
as a result, even researchers such as joseph greenberg have expressed doubts as to the validity of andamanese as a family.	as a result, researchers such as joseph greenberg have expressed doubts as to the validity of andamanese as a family.
the hgs trust protects the character and amenity of the suburb and is responsible for implementing the management scheme.	the hgs trust maintains the character and amenity of the suburb and is responsible for implementing the management scheme.
a 2011 investigation by the liberal magazine mother jones found that the tea party patriots organization was using its 501(c)(4) status to avoid disclosing its expenditures both to the irs and to local contributors.	a 2011 investigation by the magazine mother jones found that the tea party patriots organization was using its 501(c)(4) status to avoid disclosing its expenditures both to the irs and to local contributors.
aperture (magazine), a notable long-running art photography magazine	aperture (magazine), a long-running art photography magazine
the queensland cultural centre is a multi-venue arts centre designed by acclaimed australian architect robin gibson at south bank, in brisbane, and consists of the queensland museum, state library of queensland, queensland performing arts centre, and queensland art gallery.	the queensland cultural centre is a multi-venue arts centre designed by australian architect robin gibson at south bank, in brisbane, and consists of the queensland museum, state library of queensland, queensland performing arts centre, and queensland art gallery.
by the time joseph smith was martyred , he had already organized four incomplete quorums of seventy.	by the time joseph smith was killed , he had already organized four incomplete quorums of seventy.
the toronto argonauts capped off a memorable season under the new ownership of los angeles kings owner bruce mcnall, hockey legend wayne gretzky and actor john candy with a win over calgary.	the toronto argonauts capped off a memorable season under the new ownership of los angeles kings owner bruce mcnall, hockey player wayne gretzky and actor john candy with a win over calgary.
to determine whether or not technology may be neutral depends on the individual and the beliefs they with hold.	to determine whether or not technology may be neutral depends on the individual and the beliefs they hold.
black athletic superiority is the unscientific theory that black people possess certain traits that are acquired through genetic and/or environmental factors that allow them to excel over other races in athletic competition.	black athletic superiority is the theory that black people possess certain traits that are acquired through genetic and/or environmental factors that allow them to excel over other races in athletic competition.
various disputed or occupied territories which fall into neither of the above categories, such as west bank, gaza strip, golan heights, jubaland, cabinda, kurdistan, dokdo , diaoyutai islands, paracel islands and spratly islands, see the list of territorial disputes.	various disputed or occupied territories which fall into neither of the above categories, such as west bank, gaza strip, golan heights, jubaland, cabinda, kurdistan, liancourt rocks , diaoyutai islands, paracel islands and spratly islands, see the list of territorial disputes.
in recent years, the federal government has illegally assumed broader responsibility in such matters as health, education, welfare, transportation, housing and urban development.	in recent years, the federal government has assumed broader responsibility in such matters as health, education, welfare, transportation, housing and urban development.
the church of the holy sepulchre now occupies the probable location of jesus' death and burial.	the church of the holy sepulchre now occupies the traditionally ascribed location of jesus' death and burial.
the site hosting it complied and it was removed on 22 february 2006 with the censorship being reported on boingboing again.	the site hosting it complied and it was removed on 22 february 2006 with the action being reported on boingboing again.
is one of the six political parties to enjoy representation in the mexican congress.	is one of the six political parties to have representation in the mexican congress.
visitors who climb the lighthouse tower are treated to a magnificent view of the florida coastline and halifax river from daytona beach to new smyrna beach.	visitors who climb the lighthouse tower are treated to a view of the florida coastline and halifax river from daytona beach to new smyrna beach.
the film was relatively obscure until a 1998 appearance on the series mystery science theater 3000, where the film was mocked for its low-budget .	the film was relatively obscure until a 1998 appearance on the series mystery science theater 3000, where the film was mocked for its poor quality .
the people's republic of china (chinese: ' or zhnghu rnmn gnghgu), also known as the prc''' is a country in east asia.	the people's republic of china (chinese: ' or zhnghu rnmn gnghgu), also known as the prc''' is a state in east asia.
adverse court and tribunal findings	court and tribunal findings
generous allowance for interior completions (3200 kg).	allowance for interior completions (3200 kg).
the academy of football is a nickname of the english football club west ham united and refers to the club's overstated reputation for coaching talented young players from an early age, and for playing a free-flowing, passing game.	the academy of football is a nickname of the english football club west ham united and refers to the club's often quoted reputation for coaching talented young players from an early age, and for playing a free-flowing, passing game.
"the first spot aired on january 1, 2000, introducing jared and his amazing story, complete with a disclaimer: ""the subway diet, combined with a lot of walking, worked for jared."	"the first spot aired on january 1, 2000, introducing jared and his story, complete with a disclaimer: ""the subway diet, combined with a lot of walking, worked for jared."
the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the intercontinental cup, a friendly competition first contested in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.	the first fifa club world championship took place in brazil in january 2000. it ran in parallel with the intercontinental cup, a competition first contested in 1960 by the winners of the european cup and the copa libertadores.
despite a referendum on the issue, the belarusian government has taken steps to change the way capital punishment is sentenced and carried out.	following a referendum on the issue, the belarusian government has taken steps to change the way capital punishment is sentenced and carried out.
sullivan is also critical of gibson's ultra- conservative pre-vatican ii catholic beliefs.	sullivan is also critical of gibson's conservative pre-vatican ii catholic beliefs.
new york city owes much of its monumental architecture and many of its museums to the generous patronage of these men, most notably rockefeller center, grand central terminal, cooper union, the frick collection, carnegie hall and the astor library.	new york city owes much of its monumental architecture and many of its museums to the patronage of these men, most notably rockefeller center, grand central terminal, cooper union, the frick collection, carnegie hall and the astor library.
a growing number of scientists and academics now support remote viewing.	a small number of scientists and academics now support remote viewing.
there are unfortunately various definitions of the taylor number which are not all equivalent, but most commonly it is given by	there are various definitions of the taylor number which are not all equivalent, but most commonly it is given by
armenian-turkish relations have almost never been cordial throughout history unfortunately , and in modern times, have strongly been affected by the emotions surrounding the armenian genocide of 1915.	armenian-turkish relations have almost never been cordial throughout history, and in modern times, have strongly been affected by the emotions surrounding the armenian genocide of 1915.
bataan nuclear power plant was ordered in the early 1970s by philippine dictator ferdinand marcos in response to the 1973 oil crisis.	bataan nuclear power plant was ordered in the early 1970s by philippine president ferdinand marcos in response to the 1973 oil crisis.
the amityville horror: a true story is a book by jay anson, published in september 1977. it is also the basis of a series of ten films released between 1979 and 2011. the book purports to be based on the real-life paranormal experiences of the lutz family, but has led to controversy and lawsuits over its truthfulness.	the amityville horror: a true story is a book by jay anson, published in september 1977. it is also the basis of a series of ten films released between 1979 and 2011. the book is said to be based on the real-life paranormal experiences of the lutz family, but has led to controversy and lawsuits over its truthfulness.
louis armstrong's character, gabriel, had written the song specifically for the horse, jeepers creepers, in this amusing comedy.	louis armstrong's character, gabriel, had written the song specifically for the horse, jeepers creepers, in this comedy.
although disappointed, the irb responded by pointing out that in terms of the olympic motto: citius, altius, fortius (faster, higher, stronger), a rugby player was more likely to possess all of these attributes than competitors within other questionable olympic events, such as rhythmic gymnastics.	although disappointed, the irb responded by pointing out that in terms of the olympic motto: citius, altius, fortius (faster, higher, stronger), a rugby player was more likely to possess all of these attributes than competitors within other debatable olympic events, such as rhythmic gymnastics.
it's a very popular wine that hails from northeast italy around the beautiful city of verona.	it's a very popular wine that hails from northeast italy around the city of verona.
one of the most important political issue of these european elections is the democratic independence processes taking place in scotland and catalonia, because they are both expected to hold an independence referendum in autumn 2014. some pan- european parties include this issue and the internal enlargement of the european union as one of the cornerstones of the program, such as the european free alliance.	one of the most important political issue of these european elections is the democratic independence processes taking place in scotland and catalonia, because they are both expected to hold an independence referendum in autumn 2014. some european parties include this issue and the internal enlargement of the european union as one of the cornerstones of the program, such as the european free alliance.
weatherman, also known as the weather underground organization (never 'the weathermen'), were a us-based terrorist organization, consisting of splintered-off members and leaders of the students for a democratic society (sds).	weatherman, also known as the weather underground organization (never 'the weathermen'), were a us-based guerilla organization, consisting of splintered-off members and leaders of the students for a democratic society (sds).
mindy kaling, comedienne , actress	mindy kaling, comedian , actress
the party's association with popular former president and current prime minister vladimir putin, who is currently the leader of united russia, has been the key to its success, and there is also evidence that the electorate credits the party (in addition to putin) for improvements in the economy.	the party's association with former president and current prime minister vladimir putin, who is currently the leader of united russia, has been the key to its success, and there is also evidence that the electorate credits the party (in addition to putin) for improvements in the economy.
more commonly, the name refers to a specific writ known in full as habeas corpus ad subjiciendum, a prerogative writ ordering that a prisoner be brought to the court so it can be determined whether or not he is being imprisoned lawfully.	more commonly, the name refers to a specific writ known in full as habeas corpus ad subjiciendum, a prerogative writ ordering that a prisoner be brought to the court so it can be determined whether or not the prisoner is being imprisoned lawfully.
house, correctly known as house, m.d., is an american medical drama television series created by david shore and executive produced by film director bryan singer.	house, also known as house, m.d., is an american medical drama television series created by david shore and executive produced by film director bryan singer.
under the military reconstruction act, congress readmitted arkansas to the union in june 1868. the reconstruction legislature established universal male suffrage, a public education system, and other general issues to improve the state and help more of the population.	under the military reconstruction act, congress restored arkansas to the union in june 1868. the reconstruction legislature established universal male suffrage, a public education system, and other general issues to improve the state and help more of the population.
the wargamer foremost war & strategy games website, tabletop, miniature, and computer.	the wargamer war & strategy games website, tabletop, miniature, and computer.
the left flank was particularly vulnerable, because srtevica, the important topographic object, was defended by macedonian irregulars.	the left flank was particularly vulnerable, because srtevica, the important topographic object, was defended by local irregulars.
ray spoke to weir's widow and friends, who maintain that the lawman definitely saw something otherworldly.	ray spoke to weir's widow and friends, who believe that the lawman definitely saw something otherworldly.
"many adherents hold the erroneous notion that the early church practiced socialism, or even something resembling communism of a non-marxist-leninist variety, sometimes referred to as christian communism (""the community of believers were of one heart and one mind."	"many adherents hold the notion that the early church practiced socialism, or even something resembling communism of a non-marxist-leninist variety, sometimes referred to as christian communism (""the community of believers were of one heart and one mind."
act now to stop war and end racism—also known as international answer and the answer coalition—is a radical anti- american protest organization involved in the post-9/11 anti-war movement.	act now to stop war and end racism—also known as international answer and the answer coalition—is a radical american protest organization involved in the post-9/11 anti-war movement.
religion in the netherlands was predominantly christianity between the 10th and until the late 20th century; in the mid-20th century roughly 60% of the population was still protestant and 40% was still catholics.	religion in the netherlands was predominantly christianity between the 10th and until the late 20th century; in the mid-20th century roughly 60% of the population was still protestant and 40% was catholics.
as such it provides an environment for learning that emphasizes individual commitment to christ, personal integrity, intellectual development, and community service.	as such it aspires to provide an environment for learning that emphasizes individual commitment to christ, personal integrity, intellectual development, and community service.
orestes, prefect of the city, saw no sense in the attacks and the commotion they caused, so he complained to theodosius, but was overruled by pulcheria, the rabidly christian regent.	orestes, prefect of the city, saw no sense in the attacks and the commotion they caused, so he complained to theodosius, but was overruled by pulcheria, the christian regent.
however, there are still schools of mathematical thought, primarily within set theory, that either reject the axiom of choice or investigate consequences of axioms inconsistent with ac.	however, there are schools of mathematical thought, primarily within set theory, that either reject the axiom of choice or investigate consequences of axioms inconsistent with ac.
lucius julius aurelius septimius vabalathus athenodorus (palmyrene: 75x75px; arabic: ) (259273) was a king of the palmyrene empire, who came to power as a child, ruling with his regent, his mother queen zenobia, who infamously led a revolt against rome and formed the palmyrene empire.	lucius julius aurelius septimius vabalathus athenodorus (palmyrene: 75x75px; arabic: ) (259273) was a king of the palmyrene empire, who came to power as a child, ruling with his regent, his mother queen zenobia, who led a revolt against rome and formed the palmyrene empire.
the daily telegraph's investigation of expenses claims by members of parliament reported that miliband had claimed for gardening expenses and nearly 30,000 in repairs, decorations, and furnishings for his constituency home in south shields.	the daily telegraph's investigation of expenses claims by members of parliament reported that miliband had claimed for gardening expenses and approximately 30,000 in repairs, decorations, and furnishings for his constituency home in south shields.
this is a list of recurring characters of the popular emmy award-winning american sitcom friends.	this is a list of recurring characters of the emmy award-winning american sitcom friends.
the tornado, in service in the air defence role since the late 1980s, is being replaced by the state-of-the-art eurofighter typhoon f2, currently based at raf coningsby.	the tornado, in service in the air defence role since the late 1980s, is being replaced by the eurofighter typhoon f2, currently based at raf coningsby.
petrini went on to publish five books, the last of which is titled lucianone da monticiano, (2012), and is a biography of controversial football manager luciano moggi.	petrini went on to publish five books, the last of which is titled lucianone da monticiano, (2012), and is a biography of football manager luciano moggi.
hillsdale college is an independent, ultra- conservative, co-educational, nonsectarian, post-secondary liberal arts institution located on the north side of the city of hillsdale, michigan in central southern michigan.	hillsdale college is an independent, conservative, co-educational, nonsectarian, post-secondary liberal arts institution located on the north side of the city of hillsdale, michigan in central southern michigan.
brennan's conservative detractors, while acknowleding his legal acumen, thought him the embodiment of the worst features of judicial activism.	brennan's detractors, while acknowleding his legal acumen, thought him the embodiment of the worst features of judicial activism.
the purpose of phandemonium is to promote science fiction as a literary genre and to invigorate the chicago area sf community.	the purpose of phandemonium is to promote science fiction as a literary genre and to promote the chicago area sf community.
a bottle of angostura aromatic bitters with distinctive ill-fitting label	a bottle of angostura aromatic bitters with distinctive oversize label
in 2013, boatman finally won his first wsop bracelet in event #49, $1,500 no-limit hold'em, winning $546,080.	in 2013, boatman won his first wsop bracelet in event #49, $1,500 no-limit hold'em, winning $546,080.
saga is known to have gameplay superior to that of final fantasy.	saga is believed by some gamers to have gameplay superior to that of final fantasy.
34:7 the age of moses upon his passing is given as 120, but most importantly it says	34:7 the age of moses upon his death is given as 120, but most importantly it says
abid ullah jan is a prolific writer and community development specialist in ottawa ontario, canada.	abid ullah jan is a featured writer and community development specialist in ottawa ontario, canada.
some of the best known living persons are paul shaffer, bandleader on the american late show with david letterman, and bobby curtola, an early rock and roll singer and one-time teen idol, both of whom have streets named after them— notable athletes include nhl player eric staal, olympic gold medalist katie weatherston, innovative professional bmx rider and 9-time x-games medalist jay miron, and vampiro, the top canadian wrestler on mexico's lucha libre circuit.	some of the best known living persons are paul shaffer, bandleader on the american late show with david letterman, and bobby curtola, an early rock and roll singer and one-time teen idol, both of whom have streets named after them— notable athletes include nhl player eric staal, olympic gold medalist katie weatherston, professional bmx rider and 9-time x-games medalist jay miron, and vampiro, the top canadian wrestler on mexico's lucha libre circuit.
these are very commonly seen in africa as a piece of cloth wrapped and tied to support the baby while the mother walks or works.	these are very commonly seen in africa as a piece of cloth wrapped and tied to support the baby while the parent walks or works.
the episode featured comedienne and actress megan mullally in a guest appearance as ron's ex-wife, tammy.	the episode featured comedian and actress megan mullally in a guest appearance as ron's ex-wife, tammy.
apart from a short 114-year period of french occupancy (1649-1763) english has been the country's official language.	apart from a 114-year period of french occupancy (1649-1763) english has been the country's official language.
at the time of the massacre russian president boris yeltsin compared the chechens to the nazis during the 50th anniversary of the moscow's victory in the world war ii.	at the time of the incident, russian president boris yeltsin compared the chechens to the nazis during the 50th anniversary of the moscow's victory in the world war ii.
it formed in june 1995 and has since expanded into four separate channels: television x features uk made pornographic shows, including the hottest uk adult material television x raw shows tapes sent in by viewers in the best amateur footage available;television x live shows hot uncut television x call girls, and television xtra showing all the best european and us action.	it formed in june 1995 and has since expanded into four separate channels: television x features uk made pornographic shows, including the tackiest uk adult material television x raw shows tapes sent in by viewers in the best amateur footage available;television x live shows hot uncut television x call girls, and television xtra showing all the best european and us action.
"in the simpsons episode mr. spritz goes to washington, a segment poking fun at fox news' right-wing bias shows a news ticker on the show with ""stay tuned for hannity and idiot"" as a headline, replacing the name of liberal colmes."	"in the simpsons episode mr. spritz goes to washington, a segment poking fun at fox news' alleged conservative bias shows a news ticker on the show with ""stay tuned for hannity and idiot"" as a headline, replacing the name of liberal colmes."
brownback is an outspoken, socially conservative maniac .	brownback is an outspoken, socially conservative politician .
some partisan commentators, such as michael moore, complained that the mainstream media did not give the event the same prominent coverage as the gary condit/chandra levy incident.	some commentators, such as michael moore, complained that the mainstream media did not give the event the same prominent coverage as the gary condit/chandra levy incident.
otto reich, was nominated but not confirmed as assistant secretary of state for western hemisphere affairs, is much feared by the extreme left who view him as an minence gris of anti-castro, anti-chavez politics.	otto reich, was nominated but not confirmed as assistant secretary of state for western hemisphere affairs, is much feared by the left who view him as an minence gris of anti-castro, anti-chavez politics.
following their subsequent divorce grace gawler has created public controversy about gawler's medical history.	following their subsequent divorce grace gawler has contributed to public controversy about gawler's medical history.
this accomplishment made him the first winner of the nobel prize in physics in 1901. famed aerospace engineer wernher von braun developed the first space rocket (first rocket to pass the 100 km boundary to space) and later on was a prominent member of nasa and developed the saturn v moon rocket, which paved the way for the success of the us apollo program.	this accomplishment made him the first winner of the nobel prize in physics in 1901. aerospace engineer wernher von braun developed the first space rocket (first rocket to pass the 100 km boundary to space) and later on was a prominent member of nasa and developed the saturn v moon rocket, which paved the way for the success of the us apollo program.
eventually, timber harvest fell dramatically in the area, the railroad stopped operation, and a bridge replaced the ferry for motorized traffic.	eventually, timber harvest fell in the area, the railroad stopped operation, and a bridge replaced the ferry for motorized traffic.
in controlled studies comparing the physiological and subjective effects of injected malpheasant heroin and morphine in individuals formerly addicted to opiates, subjects showed no preference for either drug.	in controlled studies comparing the physiological and subjective effects of injected heroin and morphine in individuals formerly addicted to opiates, subjects showed no preference for either drug.
the most recent and debatably best-known, the cretaceouspaleogene extinction event, which occurred approximately million years ago (ma), was a large-scale mass extinction of animal and plant species in a geologically short period of time.	the most recent and arguably best-known, the cretaceouspaleogene extinction event, which occurred approximately million years ago (ma), was a large-scale mass extinction of animal and plant species in a geologically short period of time.
"possibly the most well known of the ""police brutality"" cases, was the murder of blair peach."	"possibly the most well known of the ""police brutality"" cases, was the death of blair peach."
date of creation according to evolutionary science	date of creation according to science
married to wendy macklin, he has two sons, rob and ben and currently lives in canberra with rob's lovely son nick.	married to wendy macklin, he has two sons, rob and ben and currently lives in canberra with rob's son nick.
music for 18 musicians is a seminal work of musical minimalism composed by steve reich during 1974-1976. its world premiere was on april 24, 1976 at town hall, new york.	music for 18 musicians is a work of musical minimalism composed by steve reich during 1974-1976. its world premiere was on april 24, 1976 at town hall, new york.
she also played a memorable villainess, the rani, in the science fiction series doctor who,	she also played a recurring villainess, the rani, in the science fiction series doctor who,
flood geology is still a major theme of modern creationism, though it is rejected by evolutionary earth scientists.	flood geology is still a major theme of modern creationism, though it is rejected by earth scientists.
alevis are classified as a sect of shi'a islam; however, many alevis are not comfortable with this classification, since there are significant differences in alevi beliefs, traditions and rituals when compared to other sects.	alevis are classified as a branch of shi'a islam; however, many alevis are not comfortable with this classification, since there are significant differences in alevi beliefs, traditions and rituals when compared to other sects.
it is entitled superman returns and documents his triumphant return to the nfl.	it is entitled superman returns and documents his return to the nfl.
the post-soviet states, also commonly known as the former soviet union (fsu) or former soviet republics, are the 15 independent states that seceded from the union of soviet socialist republics in its dissolution in december 1991. they were also referred to as the newly independent states (nis); however, the baltic states consider themselves to have restored their preworld war ii territorial sovereignty upon cessation of soviet occupation.	the post-soviet states, also commonly known as the former soviet union (fsu) or former soviet republics, are the 15 independent states that emerged from the union of soviet socialist republics in its dissolution in december 1991. they were also referred to as the newly independent states (nis); however, the baltic states consider themselves to have restored their preworld war ii territorial sovereignty upon cessation of soviet occupation.
after meeting steven spielberg, he was commisioned to write the music for jaws, spielberg's cool upcoming film.	after meeting steven spielberg, he was commisioned to write the music for jaws, spielberg's upcoming film.
tac's attempts to prove this unprovable theory via demonstrative evidence, according to critics, depends upon successfully capitalizing on every tragedy where somebody mentally ill is not medicated (e.g., the 2005 killing of a bipolar man by a federal air marshal in miami) and their selective failure to report instances where prescribed psychiatric medication may have contributed to criminality (e.g., one of the killers in the columbine massacre).	tac's attempts to prove this theory via demonstrative evidence, according to critics, depends upon successfully capitalizing on every tragedy where somebody mentally ill is not medicated (e.g., the 2005 killing of a bipolar man by a federal air marshal in miami) and their selective failure to report instances where prescribed psychiatric medication may have contributed to criminality (e.g., one of the killers in the columbine massacre).
wants to murder ryu and gen. has a cool super move.	wants to murder ryu and gen. has a powerful super move.
roosevelt invoked the act after italy's invasion of ethiopia in october 1935, preventing all arms and ammunition shipments to both countries.	roosevelt incoked the act after italy's invasion of ethiopia in october 1935, preventing all arms and ammunition shipments to both countries.
behind the strength of a nine run third, the texas rangers emphatically win the american league championship series with a 15-5 victory over the detroit tigers.	behind the strength of a nine run third, the texas rangers win the american league championship series with a 15-5 victory over the detroit tigers.
the account in acts may not have been written by an eyewitness to the event, but galatians (if it is about the council of jerusalem) was; and both accounts suggest that the reason the meeting was called was to debate whether or not male gentiles who were converting to become followers of jesus were required to become circumcised, presumably in accord with , a law from god which in god said would be eternal, and therefore always applicable, see also the jewish background to the 1st century circumcision controversy and biblical law in christianity.	the account in acts may not have been written by an eyewitness to the event, but galatians (if it is about the council of jerusalem) was; and both accounts suggest that the reason the meeting was called was to debate whether or not male gentiles who were converting to become followers of jesus were required to become circumcised, presumably in accord with , a law from god which according to god said would be eternal, and therefore always applicable, see also the jewish background to the 1st century circumcision controversy and biblical law in christianity.
palestinian and international sources allege that the camp and its dwellings were attacked indiscriminately by israel with heavy military equipment, combat helicopters, rockets and missiles, and raised allegations of war crimes and massacre, which were reported in the international media, leading to an increase in negative feelings toward israel; the allegations have been subsequently challenged , and the palestinian death toll estimated at at least 52, with 23 israeli soldiers killed.	palestinian and international sources allege that the camp and its dwellings were attacked indiscriminately by israel with heavy military equipment, combat helicopters, rockets and missiles, and raised allegations of war crimes and massacre, which were reported in the international media, leading to an increase in negative feelings toward israel; the allegations have been subsequently refuted , and the palestinian death toll estimated at at least 52, with 23 israeli soldiers killed.
while walsh had written several books on theology before, this autobiography would become the wellspring of her later work on personal aspects of faith and would set the tone for her introspective, personal, but bible-grounded approach to affairs of modern theology.	while walsh had written several books on theology before, this autobiography would become the wellspring of her later work on personal aspects of faith and would set the tone for her introspective, personal, but evangelical approach to affairs of modern theology.
wwf fans again began to cheer the rock despite him being a heel, due to his comedic interviews, promos and segments which mocked wrestlers and announcers and made him popular to the fans.	wwf fans began to cheer the rock despite him being a heel, due to his comedic interviews, promos and segments which mocked wrestlers and announcers and made him popular to the fans.
"he attended mount temple comprehensive school, and it was there that he acquired the nickname ""bono vox of o'connell st."" in 1976 he responded to an advert by fellow student larry mullen to form a band, as did dave evans (aka the edge), brother dik evans (who soon left the band), and adam clayton."	"he attended mount temple comprehensive school, and it was there that he acquired the nickname ""bono vox of o'connell st."" in 1976 he responded to an advertisement by fellow student larry mullen to form a band, as did dave evans (aka the edge), brother dik evans (who soon left the band), and adam clayton."
in 2006, the european commission launched a public consultation on future patent policy in europe, where the epla featured prominently next to the community patent, harmonisation and mutual recognition of national patents, and general issues.	in 2006, the european commission launched a public consultation on future patent policy in europe, where the epla featured next to the community patent, harmonisation and mutual recognition of national patents, and general issues.
some commentators have concluded that kshatriyas of kerala are merely super-eminent nyar subdivisions.	some commentators have concluded that kshatriyas of kerala are super-eminent nyar subdivisions.
brian bromberg (born december 5, 1960 in tucson, arizona) is an american virtuoso jazz bassist and record producer who performs on both electric and acoustic instruments.	brian bromberg (born december 5, 1960 in tucson, arizona) is an american jazz bassist and record producer who performs on both electric and acoustic instruments.
idylwylde is a lovely residential neighbourhood in south east edmonton, alberta, canada.	idylwylde is a residential neighbourhood in south east edmonton, alberta, canada.
after the forced jewish exile from jerusalem in 70 ce and the complete roman takeover of judea following the bar kochba rebellion of 132-135 ce, jews continued to be a majority of the population in palestine for several hundred years.	after the forced jewish exile from judea in 70 ce and the complete roman takeover of judea following the bar kochba rebellion of 132-135 ce, jews continued to be a majority of the population in palestine for several hundred years.
in march 2012, saint louis university school of law was sued for exaggerating their graduates' employment statistics, which is one of the metrics used to rank law schools.	in march 2012, saint louis university school of law and several other law schools across the united states were sued for exaggerating their graduates' employment statistics, which is one of the metrics used to rank law schools.
and will likely be a strong candidate for the hall of fame after his career is over.	and will likely be a candidate for the hall of fame after his career is over.
because of this, and having been incited by a catholic nun, concepcin acevedo de la llata (la madre conchita), len toral decided he should murder obregn.	because of this, and having been incited by a catholic nun, concepcin acevedo de la llata (la madre conchita), len toral decided he should assasinate obregn.
the day after the murder dutch police arrested eight muslim radicals belonging to a group later referred to as the hofstad network.	the day after the murder dutch police arrested eight muslim s belonging to a group later referred to as the hofstad network.
initially, the british association of record dealers were understandably worried about the popularity of downloading taking away business from the high street.	initially, the british association of record dealers were worried about the popularity of downloading taking away business from the high street.
question asked to milton friedman about f. a. hayek, an example of brian's unique and crude interviewing style.	question asked to milton friedman about f. a. hayek, an example of brian's unique and direct interviewing style.
the film comedienne truus van aalten died in warmond in 1999.	the film comedian truus van aalten died in warmond in 1999.
horowitz's extravagances were well received by concert audiences, but not by some critics.	horowitz's interpretations were well received by concert audiences, but not by some critics.
in season 2010, prismall has unfortunately been in and out of the essendon fc afl team.	in season 2010, prismall has been in and out of the essendon fc afl team.
unfounded theories about the loss	unsubstantiated theories about the loss
her novel ... and ladies of the club was published by ohio state university press in 1982. she permanently moved into a nursing home in 1983, nearly blind and weak from emphysema.	her novel ... and ladies of the club was published by ohio state university press in 1982. she permanently moved into a nursing home in 1983, nearly blind and suffering from emphysema.
with the release of gnome 3.0 and its move away from the traditional desktop metaphor, considerable controversy was stirred among both gnu/ linux users and developers about its usability.	with the release of gnome 3.0 and its move away from the traditional desktop metaphor, considerable controversy was stirred among both linux users and developers about its usability.
excellent article by the psychologist jean piaget on the importance of comenius (pdf)	article by the psychologist jean piaget on the importance of comenius (pdf)
goa is famous for its resorts and beaches	goa is noted for its resorts and beaches
"this is different from the ordinary british meaning of ""moot"", which means ""debatable""."	"this is different from the british meaning of ""moot"", which means ""debatable""."
george washington was involved with building a canal around the falls on the southwest, or virginia, side, called the patowmack canal, which unfortunately did not become commercially viable.	george washington was involved with building a canal around the falls on the southwest, or virginia, side, called the patowmack canal, which did not become commercially viable.
in many u.s. states, reasonable ballot access laws keep frivilous candidates off the ballot while protecting the rights of third party candidates (e.g.	in many u.s. states, ballot access laws keep frivilous candidates off the ballot while protecting the rights of third party candidates (e.g.
today, many palestinians realize that an equitable arrangement for all involved parties requires dialogue with israelis and the international community.	today, many palestinians think that an equitable arrangement for all involved parties requires dialogue with israelis and the international community.
"a psychic (; from the greek psychikos""of the mind, mental"", also called sensitive ) is a con-artist who professes an ability to perceive information hidden from the normal senses through extrasensory perception (esp), or is said by others to have such abilities."	"a psychic (; from the greek psychikos""of the mind, mental"", also called sensitive ) is a person who professes an ability to perceive information hidden from the normal senses through extrasensory perception (esp), or is said by others to have such abilities."
a report recently released by the hindu american foundation on the status of human right of hindus in bangladesh, pakistan and kashmir begins to fill that hole, spelling out in great detail and with much documentation the pathetic condition of millions of hindus who live as minorities amongst a muslim population.	a report recently released by the hindu american foundation on the status of human right of hindus in bangladesh, pakistan and kashmir begins to fill that hole, spelling out in great detail and with much documentation the condition of millions of hindus who live as minorities amongst a muslim population.
king's promise not to impose conscription contributed to the surprise defeat of maurice duplessis's union nationale quebec provincial government in 1939 and liberals' re-election in the 1940 election.	king's promise not to impose conscription contributed to the defeat of maurice duplessis's union nationale quebec provincial government in 1939 and liberals' re-election in the 1940 election.
rodan made a return to league football in 2006, but was delisted at the end of the season, controversially first hearing of his sacking at the club's best and fairest function via an impromptu speech from captain kane johnson.	rodan made a return to league football in 2006, but was delisted at the end of the season, first hearing of his sacking at the club's best and fairest function via an impromptu speech from captain kane johnson.
jones has also portrayed real-life figures such as billionaire howard hughes, executed murderer gary gilmore and baseball great ty cobb.	jones has also portrayed real-life figures such as billionaire howard hughes, executed murderer gary gilmore and baseball player ty cobb.
worse , cc pinball tables were often seen as being inferior in quality to their more popular rivals.	additionally , cc pinball tables were often seen as being inferior in quality to their more popular rivals.
it travelled from the united kingdom to the gaza strip during the winter of 200910, collecting volunteers and vehicles from other countries along the way, notably turkey, thanks to the ihh (nsani yardm vakf) organisation.	it travelled from the united kingdom to the gaza strip during the winter of 200910, collecting volunteers and vehicles from other countries along the way, notably turkey, due to the ihh (nsani yardm vakf) organisation.
the kaiser chiefs' front man, ricky wilson, designed the magazine's distinctive emblem and was rewarded for his pains with the gift of an antique whistle as pen pusher's usual gift of thanks - a wheel of cheese - was unsuitable due to his dairy aversion.	the kaiser chiefs' front man, ricky wilson, designed the magazine's emblem and was rewarded for his pains with the gift of an antique whistle as pen pusher's usual gift of thanks - a wheel of cheese - was unsuitable due to his dairy aversion.
"sadly she spent many years being best known for her cover versions of etta james' ""the wallflower"" (recorded by gibbs with modified lyrics under the title ""dance with me henry"") and of lavern baker's ""tweedle dee"" (a minor scandal due to ms. baker's vociferous complaints) and for her novelty number ""the hula hoop song,"" which was her last hit, in 1958."	"she spent many years being best known for her cover versions of etta james' ""the wallflower"" (recorded by gibbs with modified lyrics under the title ""dance with me henry"") and of lavern baker's ""tweedle dee"" (a minor scandal due to ms. baker's vociferous complaints) and for her novelty number ""the hula hoop song,"" which was her last hit, in 1958."
nevertheless, the butler report fails to advance any specific proof to support its circular conclusion.	nevertheless, the butler report fails to advance any specific proof to support its conclusion.
lessing is only the eleventh woman to win the prize in its 106-year history, and also the oldest person ever to win the literature award.	lessing is the eleventh woman to win the prize in its 106-year history, and also the oldest person ever to win the literature award.
"it occurs in a relatively small ""table top"" apparatus, well below the millions of degrees celsius in temperature that is required for most other thermonuclear reactions millions of degrees celsius."	"it is claimed to occur in a relatively small ""table top"" apparatus, well below the millions of degrees celsius in temperature that is required for most other thermonuclear reactions millions of degrees celsius."
redirect neutral zone ( gridiron football)	redirect neutral zone ( american and canadian football)
eudora alice welty (april 13, 1909 – july 23, 2001) was an award-winning american author who wrote short stories and novels about the american south.	eudora alice welty (april 13, 1909 – july 23, 2001) was an american author who wrote short stories and novels about the american south.
"his most famous novel, ""nuova grammatica finlandese"" (new finnish grammar) is translated in different languages and has received in italy the prestigious grinzane-cavour literary prize."	"his most famous novel, ""nuova grammatica finlandese"" (new finnish grammar) is translated in different languages and has received in italy the grinzane-cavour literary prize."
an often-aggressive defender of israel, he has engaged in widely-publicized media confrontations with noam chomsky, former president jimmy carter, and others about such matters.	an outspoken defender of israel, he has engaged in widely-publicized media confrontations with noam chomsky, former president jimmy carter, and others about such matters.
"marshall has infamously referred to himself as virginia's ""chief homophobe""."	"marshall has referred to himself as virginia's ""chief homophobe""."
attenborough visits the hut at cape evans where scott and his team spent the winter of 1911. it shows their surprisingly well-equipped laboratory and the darkroom where the group's photographer, herbert ponting, developed his films.	attenborough visits the hut at cape evans where scott and his team spent the winter of 1911. it shows their well-equipped laboratory and the darkroom where the group's photographer, herbert ponting, developed his films.
the central claim of kahanism is that the vast majority of the arabs of israel are now, and will continue to be, enemies of jews and israel itself, and that a jewish theocratic state, governed by halakha, absent of a voting non-jewish population and including israel, the west bank, gaza strip, areas of modern-day egypt, jordan, lebanon, syria and even iraq should be created.	the central claim of kahanism is that the vast majority of the arabs of israel are now, and will continue to be, enemies of jews and israel itself, and that a jewish theocratic state, governed by halakha, absent of a voting non-jewish population and including israel, the west bank, gaza strip, areas of modern-day egypt, jordan, lebanon, syria and iraq should be created.
while the lion's share of the blame appropriately fell on fredendall, general anderson's leadership was also seriously questioned by both british and allied commanders.	while the lion's share of the blame fell on fredendall, general anderson's leadership was also seriously questioned by both british and allied commanders.
also the car at that point was quite an innovation with a semi-monocoque chassis, which is why it is very spacious inside.	also the car at that point was quite an innovation with a semi-monocoque chassis, which is why it is spacious inside.
murless purchased the property from sir victors widow in 1970 and christened it woodditton stud.	murless purchased the property from sir victors widow in 1970 and named it woodditton stud.
in august 2004, during corsi's collaboration with the swiftboat veterans for truth, the liberal website media matters for america reposted a number of anti-muslim, anti-catholic, and anti-gay comments made by corsi at the forum threads of the conservative website free republic, dating from 2001 through 2004 .	in august 2004, during corsi's collaboration with the swiftboat veterans for truth, the website media matters for america reposted a number of anti-muslim, anti-catholic, and anti-gay comments made by corsi at the forum threads of the conservative website free republic, dating from 2001 through 2004 .
janakiammal iyengar was married at the age of 10 years to the legendary indian mathematician srinivasa ramanujan.	janakiammal iyengar was married at the age of 10 years to the indian mathematician srinivasa ramanujan.
brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion (county londonderry), once admitted that if he expelled any of his soldiers for belonging to an illegal unionist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.	brigadier david millar, the former commandant of the fifth battalion (county londonderry), once admitted that if he expelled any of his soldiers for belonging to an illegal loyalist paramilitary group, he would be left without a regiment.
on may 14, 1949, fort mckinley was finally turned over to the philippine government.	on may 14, 1949, fort mckinley was turned over to the philippine government.
"users of methamphetamine often take one or more benzodiazepines as a means of easing their ""come down""."	"users of methamphetamine sometimes take one or more benzodiazepines as a means of easing their ""come down""."
peter gary tatchell (born 25 january 1952) is a human rights activist based in britain.	peter gary tatchell (born 25 january 1952) is a gay rights activist based in britain.
a 59 to 115 defeat of freshford gave walsh a coveted championship medal.	a 59 to 115 defeat of freshford gave walsh a kilkenny senior hurling championship medal.
sitak was sadly taken out in the third and final round of qualifying by a future atp top 100 player teimuraz gabashvili 6-4 7-5.	sitak was taken out in the third and final round of qualifying by a future atp top 100 player teimuraz gabashvili 6-4 7-5.
the '6.57 crew' (so called as this is the time the portsmouth - london victoria train left portsmouth & southsea station) were a self-important hooligan firm associated with the club.	the '6.57 crew' (so called as this is the time the portsmouth - london victoria train left portsmouth & southsea station) were a hooligan firm associated with the club.
bar bodega is a legendary music venue in wellington, new zealand.	bar bodega is a music venue in wellington, new zealand.
"due to the location of the manufacturing facility in the occupied west bank, boycott campaigns have been organized by several organizations, such as code pink and us campaign to end the israeli occupation , which argue that ahavas use of palestinian natural resources from the dead sea is, according to the fourth geneva convention, a ""patently illegal use by an occupying power of stolen resources for its own profit."""	"due to the location of the manufacturing facility in the west bank, boycott campaigns have been organized by several organizations, such as code pink and us campaign to end the israeli occupation , which argue that ahavas use of palestinian natural resources from the dead sea is, according to the fourth geneva convention, a ""patently illegal use by an occupying power of stolen resources for its own profit."""
benedict xvi is theologically orthodox and his teaching and prolific writings defend traditional catholic doctrine and values.	benedict xvi is theologically conservative and his teaching and prolific writings defend traditional catholic doctrine and values.
"when the german u-boat u-20 sank the british liner on 7 may 1915 with 128 u.s. citizens aboard, wilson said ""america is too proud to fight"" and demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships."	"when the what u-boat u-20 sank the british liner on 7 may 1915 with 128 u.s. citizens aboard, wilson said ""america is too proud to fight"" and demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships."
"''includes the interesting chapter ""trotsky killed by a trotskyist"" (see:ramon mercader)"	"''includes the chapter ""trotsky killed by a trotskyist"" (see:ramon mercader)"
congressman ralph regula (r-ohio) is chairman of the house appropriations subcommittee for labor, health, human services and education funding.	congressman ralph regula (r-ohio) is ranking minority member of the house appropriations subcommittee for labor, health, human services and education funding.
garcia moreno, while abroad, had witnessed the violence and chaos, as well as the uprooting of the churchs spiritual authority, which revolutionary liberalism brought in the revolutions of 1848, as a result, he became further entrenched in reactionary catholic principles.	garcia moreno, while abroad, had witnessed the violence and chaos, as well as the uprooting of the churchs spiritual authority, which revolutionary liberalism brought in the revolutions of 1848, as a result, he became further entrenched in catholic principles.
howtomakeatoga.info- awesome website on how to make a toga, and many sample photos	howtomakeatoga.info- website on how to make a toga, and many sample photos
it runs on namco system 86 hardware this game was never released outside of japan, due to its slightly questionable content.	it runs on namco system 86 hardware this game was never released outside of japan, due to its slightly risqu content.
the car was offered with either a 4 or 5 speed version of porsches legendary 915 manual gearbox.	the car was offered with either a 4 or 5 speed version of porsches 915 manual gearbox.
abb joseph-antoine boullan (saint-porquier, tarn-et-garonne, 18 february 1824-lyon, 4 january 1893) was a french roman catholic priest and later a defrocked priest, who is often accused of being a satanist although he continued to defend his status as a christian.	abb joseph-antoine boullan (saint-porquier, tarn-et-garonne, 18 february 1824-lyon, 4 january 1893) was a french roman catholic priest and later a laicized priest, who is often accused of being a satanist although he continued to defend his status as a christian.
lon chaney, jr. (february10, 1906 july 12, 1973), born creighton tull chaney, son of the well known silent film actor lon chaney, was an american actor best known for playing larry talbot in the 1941 film the wolf man and its various crossovers, as well as portraying other monsters such as the mummy, frankenstein's monster and count alucard in numerous horror films produced by universal studios.	lon chaney, jr. (february10, 1906 july 12, 1973), born creighton tull chaney, son of the well known silent film actor lon chaney, was an american actor known for playing larry talbot in the 1941 film the wolf man and its various crossovers, as well as portraying other monsters such as the mummy, frankenstein's monster and count alucard in numerous horror films produced by universal studios.
after the fall of fujimori, the president of the peruvian congress, valentn paniagua, became interim president and called for new elections on may 29 2001. toledo won after a close run-off election with former left-wing president alan garca of the apra party.	after the fall of fujimori, the president of the peruvian congress, valentn paniagua, became interim president and called for new elections on may 29 2001. toledo won after a close run-off election with former president alan garca of the apra party.
mechinat rabin graduates' controversial testimonies after operation cast lead	mechinat rabin graduates' testimonies after operation cast lead
ann rutledge died young at the age of 22 on august 25, 1835. this sad event left lincoln severely depressed.	ann rutledge died at the age of 22 on august 25, 1835. this sad event left lincoln severely depressed.
the communists of yugoslavia captured it by 1944. it was formulated as a part of kosovo and metohija, under democratic serbia as a part of the democratic federal yugoslavia.	the communists of yugoslavia liberated it by 1944. it was formulated as a part of kosovo and metohija, under democratic serbia as a part of the democratic federal yugoslavia.
her next feature film, another remake, but of the 1976 classic freaky friday, would come five years later in the summer of 2003. she received second billing, playing anna coleman, daughter of tess coleman, played by jamie lee curtis.	her next feature film, another remake, but of the 1976 comedy freaky friday, would come five years later in the summer of 2003. she received second billing, playing anna coleman, daughter of tess coleman, played by jamie lee curtis.
long service leave is a benefit unique to australia and new zealand (and possibly some public servants in india) and relates to our colonial heritage.	long service leave is a benefit unique to australia and new zealand (and possibly some public servants in india) and relates to their colonial heritage.
research and books in the 1960s lead to renewed debate and to the building of replicas of gustave whitehead's 1901 airplane .	research and books in the 1960s lead to renewed debate and to the building of replicas of gustave whitehead's 1901 machine .
a spectacular find in 2006 was the richly detailed bronze and silver brooch (fibula) modeled with the figure of mars, on which quintus sollonius, a gaul to judge by his name, had carefully punched his name before he lost it in the early second century; nothing comparably fine has been recovered along the wall.	a find in 2006 was the richly detailed bronze and silver brooch (fibula) modeled with the figure of mars, on which quintus sollonius, a gaul to judge by his name, had carefully punched his name before he lost it in the early second century; nothing comparably fine has been recovered along the wall.
"the following year they released their eurotrash album, featuring a nice cover version of the song ""send me an angel"" that was a major hit back in 1983 with the australian group real life."	"the following year they released their eurotrash album, featuring a cover version of the song ""send me an angel"" that was a major hit back in 1983 with the australian group real life."
notre dame's picturesque campus sits on 1,250 acres (5 km) containing two lakes and 136 buildings.	notre dame's campus sits on 1,250 acres (5 km) containing two lakes and 136 buildings.
the sunday morning talk shows are influential television talk/public affairs programs broadcast on sunday mornings.	the sunday morning talk shows are television talk/public affairs programs broadcast on sunday mornings.
autistics often believe neurotypicals are insensitive to their perspective and write parodies based on this that neurotypicals lack theory of other minds .	autistics sometimes believe neurotypicals are insensitive to their perspective and write parodies based on this that neurotypicals lack theory of other minds .
a perfect generic pizza box from a small pizza outlet in australia.	a generic pizza box from a small pizza outlet in australia.
both would eventually spoof the public's fascination with their age difference during a classy monologue on the march 19, 2005 episode of saturday night live.	both would eventually spoof the public's fascination with their age difference during a monologue on the march 19, 2005 episode of saturday night live.
2014 nuland's obscene reference to the european union	2014 nuland's controversial reference to the european union
on october 14 2004, the miami new times published an investigation of the porn site based primarily on interviews with a woman who, in desperate need of money for an abortion, performed for the site.	on october 14 2004, the miami new times published an investigation of the porn site based primarily on interviews with a woman who, in need of money for an abortion, performed for the site.
however, he chose instead to cowardly implicate british officers in his book.	however, he chose instead to implicate british officers in his book.
c-4 has also been used in many of the palestinian suicide bombings in israel and the israeli-occupied territories.	c-4 has also been used in many of the palestinian suicide bombings in israel and the palestinian territories.
grace inspired a lawyer character modeled after her and her crass interviewing style in the soap opera passions.	grace inspired a lawyer character modeled after her and her interviewing style in the soap opera passions.
in 2007, assassin's creed introduced a social element to the stealth game, where the player is able to hide among crowds of civilians if they take care to blend in.	in 2007, assassin's creed employed a social element to the stealth game, where the player is able to hide among crowds of civilians if they take care to blend in.
after an 18-month title drought, kuznetsova won the tier i tournament in miami on april 1, 2006, beating maria sharapova 6-4, 6-3, ostensibly making her a player to watch at roland garros in late spring 2006. svetlana was able to live up to expectations by making it to the final at roland garros with a hard fought 3 set victory (5-7, 7-6 (5), 6-2) over the 17 year old czech upstart nicole vaidisova.	after an 18-month title drought, kuznetsova won the tier i tournament in miami on april 1, 2006, beating maria sharapova 6-4, 6-3, ostensibly making her a player to watch at roland garros in late spring 2006. svetlana was able to live up to expectations by making it to the final at roland garros with a hard fought 3 set victory (5-7, 7-6 (5), 6-2) over the 17 year old czech nicole vaidisova.
"elle macpherson (; born 29 march 1963) is an australian supermodel , actress, and businesswoman nicknamed ""the body""."	"elle macpherson (; born 29 march 1963) is an australian model , actress, and businesswoman nicknamed ""the body""."
a number of academics have refuted many of tierney's claims.	a number of academics have rejected many of tierney's claims.
offbeat and fiercely private, spader has always narrowly avoided mainstream success, but he is widely acclaimed as one of the most talented, albeit unwilling, actors of his generation.	offbeat and private, spader has always narrowly avoided mainstream success, but he is widely acclaimed as one of the most talented, albeit unwilling, actors of his generation.
in 1991, clarence thomas's nomination was hampered by baseless allegations of sexual harassment, but the senate eventually confirmed him by a vote of 52–48.	in 1991, clarence thomas's nomination was hampered by allegations of sexual harassment, but the senate eventually confirmed him by a vote of 52–48.
deacons has been awarded for its service, corporate social responsibility (csr), employee benefits and excellent working environment over the decades.	deacons has been awarded for its service, corporate social responsibility (csr), employee benefits and working environment over the decades.
asking one's blood type is common in japan, and people are often surprised when a foreigner does not know his or her own blood type.	asking one's blood type is common in japan, and people are often surprised when a non-japanese does not know his or her own blood type.
the award winning film interweaves extensive archival material with modern-day interviews to explore the incredible story of the weather underground.	the award winning film interweaves extensive archival material with modern-day interviews to explore the story of the weather underground.
behavioural disorders: huangfu mi relates, in a fascinating passage, his own experience of depression and suicidal tendencies after ingesting the drug.	behavioural disorders: huangfu mi relates, in a one passage, his own experience of depression and suicidal tendencies after ingesting the drug.
the prominent origins of bilderberger conspiracism can be traced to conservative anti-feminist activist phyllis schlafly.	the prominent origins of bilderberger conspiracism can be traced to conservative activist phyllis schlafly.
also, eustace's transformation from boy to dragon and back to boy again is symbolic of christian salvation and baptism.	also, eustace's transformation from boy to dragon and back to boy again may be seen as symbolic of christian salvation and baptism.
starbucks' chairman , howard schultz, has talked about making sure growth does not dilute the company's culture and the common goal of the company's leadership to act like a small company.	starbucks' chairperson , howard schultz, has talked about making sure growth does not dilute the company's culture and the common goal of the company's leadership to act like a small company.
a nice family of examples of prime knots are the torus knots.	a family of examples of prime knots are the torus knots.
he was also famously sharp in conversation.	he was also described as sharp in conversation.
rachel reenstra is an american comedienne and actress.	rachel reenstra is an american comedian and actress.
brenda was elected to the prestigious position of master of the fine art trade guild from 1961-62.	brenda was elected to the position of master of the fine art trade guild from 1961-62.
herbert fisk johnson sr. (may 27, 1868 february 14, 1928) son of company founder samuel curtis johnson sr., was the second generation of his family to lead s. c. johnson & son, inc of racine, wi.	herbert fisk johnson sr. (may 27, 1868 february 14, 1928) son of company founder samuel curtis johnson sr., was the second generation of his family to lead s. c. johnson & son, inc of racine , wisconsin, united states .
governor taylor died in indianapolis, indiana in 1928.	taylor died in indianapolis, indiana in 1928.
unfortunately , he died before australia federated, and was never able to see his plan come to fruition.	however , he died before australia federated, and was never able to see his plan come to fruition.
anthony lambton, 84, disgraced former minister in edward heath's government	anthony lambton, 84, former minister in edward heath's government
in october 2005 ahmadinejad gave a speech that contained as antagonistic statements about the regime of israel.	in october 2005 ahmadinejad gave a speech that contained as antagonistic statements about the state of israel.
in other words, a cisgender woman is a woman who was assigned female at birth, raised as a girl, and who identifies as woman.	in other words, a cisgender woman is a woman who was female at birth, raised as a girl, and who identifies as woman.
interestingly the decline of coke making in the us leads to a coal tar crisis since coal tar pitch is vital for the production of carbon electrodes for eaf/aluminum.	the decline of coke making in the us leads to a coal tar crisis since coal tar pitch is vital for the production of carbon electrodes for eaf/aluminum.
unsustainable palm oil production is clearing large swathes of forest, reducing siamang habitat, along with other species such as the sumatran tiger.	palm oil production is clearing large swathes of forest, reducing siamang habitat, along with other species such as the sumatran tiger.
"ibn fadlan, who visited volga bulgaria in the 10th century, describes the appearance of the bulgars as white and ""not ruddy"" like the rus' people."	"ibn fadlan, who visited volga bulgaria in the 10th century, describes the appearance of the bulgars as ""ailing"" (pale) and ""not ruddy"" like the rus' people."
avalon is a picturesque rural waterfront town with the usual tourist-oriented businesses and services lining the coastline.	avalon is a rural waterfront town with the usual tourist-oriented businesses and services lining the coastline.
nellie ellis is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by elizabeth kelly.	nellie ellis is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by elizabeth kelly.
"in 1980, the iraqi legal and penal code was changed by saddam hussein's ruling ba'ath party, making it a felony to ""promote or acclaim zionist principles, including freemasonry, or who associate themselves with zionist organizations."""	"in 1980, the iraqi legal and penal code was changed by saddam hussein's ruling ba'ath party, making it a serious crime to ""promote or acclaim zionist principles, including freemasonry, or who associate themselves with zionist organizations."""
in the course of 1813 rumours began to spread in the weekly dispatch and up to perhaps 20,000 other pamphlets and broadsides connecting church with the white swan (a famous homosexual brothel or 'gay bar' in modern parlance, in vere street, clare market), saying that he was its chaplain and performed mock marriage ceremonies (recognised by some modern historians as same sex marriages) for its male customers.	in the course of 1813 rumours began to spread in the weekly dispatch and up to perhaps 20,000 other pamphlets and broadsides connecting church with the white swan (a well-known homosexual brothel or 'gay bar' in modern parlance, in vere street, clare market), saying that he was its chaplain and performed mock marriage ceremonies (recognised by some modern historians as same sex marriages) for its male customers.
his films have generated controversy and are well known for their often violent, bleak subject matter.	his films have generated controversy and are known for their often violent, bleak subject matter.
the association struggle is a revolutionary marxistleninist and anti-fascist organization operating in odessa and kharkiv, ukraine.	the association struggle calls itself a revolutionary marxistleninist and anti-fascist organization operating in odessa and kharkiv, ukraine.
targets have included the uk tax burden, state funding of political parties, and labour mayor of london, ken livingstone.	topics have included the uk tax burden, state funding of political parties, and labour mayor of london, ken livingstone.
as with many british television programmes of the era, z-cars is sadly incomplete in the archives - the bbc regularly wiped tapes after the programmes were thought to have exceeded their usefulness, as agreements with various unions meant that they could only be shown a limited number of times.	as with many british television programmes of the era, z-cars is incomplete in the archives - the bbc regularly wiped tapes after the programmes were thought to have exceeded their usefulness, as agreements with various unions meant that they could only be shown a limited number of times.
"christian friedrich wilhelm heinrich syberg, generally known as fritz syberg, (28 july 1862, fborg 20 december 1939, kerteminde) was a danish painter and illustrator, one of the reactionary fynboerne or ""funen painters"" group living and working on the island of funen."	"christian friedrich wilhelm heinrich syberg, generally known as fritz syberg, (28 july 1862, fborg 20 december 1939, kerteminde) was a danish painter and illustrator, one of the fynboerne or ""funen painters"" group living and working on the island of funen."
"the game of ur eventually acquired spiritual significance and the tablet of itti-marduk-ballu provides vague predictions for the players' futures if they land on certain spaces, such as ""you will find a friend"", ""you will become powerful like a lion"", or ""you will draw fine beer."""	"the game of ur eventually acquired superstitious significance and the tablet of itti-marduk-ballu provides vague predictions for the players' futures if they land on certain spaces, such as ""you will find a friend"", ""you will become powerful like a lion"", or ""you will draw fine beer."""
thrice's spring (2010) tour with manchester orchestra was unfortunately cut short on april 23 when kensrue had to leave because of an illness in the family.	thrice's spring (2010) tour with manchester orchestra was cut short on april 23 when kensrue had to leave because of an illness in the family.
johncock learned of her passing at the 500 victory banquet monday night.	johncock learned of her death at the 500 victory banquet monday night.
coalition and allied iraqi forces have been fighting a much stronger-than-expected militant iraqi insurgency, and the reconstruction of iraq has been slow.	coalition and allied iraqi forces have been fighting a stronger-than-expected militant iraqi insurgency, and the reconstruction of iraq has been slow.
once more, with feeling, the famous musical episode of buffy the vampire slayer.	once more, with feeling, the musical episode of buffy the vampire slayer.
"they can be found as far ""east"" as greenland, and yet also as far to the ""west"" as kalmykia, giving mongoloid peoples or their descendants a historical presence across the vast expanse of four continents."	"they can be found as far ""east"" as greenland, and yet also as far to the ""west"" as kalmykia, giving mongoloid peoples or their descendants a historical presence across the vast expanse of continents."
the show accurately predicted that paisley would become a legendary musician, and also featured blues artist, buddy guy.	the show predicted that paisley would become a legendary musician, and also featured blues artist, buddy guy.
before reaching oakland, it passes by duquesne university and mercy hospital along the edge of a cliff several hundred feet above the monongahela river with spectacular views of the city's south side neighborhood and includes partial interchanges with interstate 579 and interstate 376. upon reaching oakland, it cuts through the southern portion of the neighborhood and leads into schenley park just bypassing the university of pittsburgh and carnegie mellon university.	before reaching oakland, it passes by duquesne university and mercy hospital along the edge of a cliff several hundred feet above the monongahela river with views of the city's south side neighborhood and includes partial interchanges with interstate 579 and interstate 376. upon reaching oakland, it cuts through the southern portion of the neighborhood and leads into schenley park just bypassing the university of pittsburgh and carnegie mellon university.
new moon received poor reviews from critics.	new moon received negative reviews from critics.
this figure does not include the numerous road blocks that prevent palestinians from crossing the wall , which in many cases blocks access to areas within the west bank.	this figure does not include the numerous road blocks that prevent palestinians from crossing the barrier , which in many cases blocks access to areas within the west bank.
rhonda shear (born 1954), american television personality, comedienne , and actress	rhonda shear (born 1954), american television personality, comedian , and actress
the art institute of chicago and listings within oak park directories show her living at this 450 iowa address from 1913-1919. her mother continued living with mary agnes until her passing in california, in 1935.	the art institute of chicago and listings within oak park directories show her living at this 450 iowa address from 1913-1919. her mother continued living with mary agnes until her death in california, in 1935.
aog does not claim to be an actual organization, but rather, a like-minded group of christian terrorists who have committed violent acts against abortion doctors and abortion clinics.	aog does not claim to be an actual organization, but rather, a like-minded group of christian militants who have committed violent acts against abortion doctors and abortion clinics.
the system for counting senate votes is very complicated, and a final result is sometimes not known for several weeks.	the system for counting senate votes is complicated, and a final result is sometimes not known for several weeks.
delta has many successful minor sports teams in hockey, baseball, and lacrosse.	delta has many minor sports teams in hockey, baseball, and lacrosse.
burak zivit (born 1984) turkish famous and handsome actor	burak zivit (born 1984) turkish famous and actor
anarchist communist currents manifested themselves during the english revolution and the french revolution of the 1700s.	anarchist communist currents manifested themselves during the english civil war and the french revolution of the 1700s.
in such cases the time-limited sprints of the scrum framework are of less benefit, although scrum's daily events and other practices can still be applied, depending on the team and the situation at hand.	in such cases the time-limited sprints of the scrum framework may be perceived to be of less benefit, although scrum's daily events and other practices can still be applied, depending on the team and the situation at hand.
the bahr el-baqar massacre occurred on 8 april 1970, during the war of attrition.	the bahr el-baqar primary school bombing occurred on 8 april 1970, during the war of attrition.
this alleged relationship to surat shabd yoga or sant mat is not acknowledged in any literature from the organizations that support prem rawat's work, or by prem rawat himself.	this alleged relationship to surat shabd yoga or sant mat is not mentioned in any literature from the organizations that support prem rawat's work, or by prem rawat himself.
reddy's technique and style have distinguished him as one of the best printmakers of the world.	reddy's technique and style have distinguished him as one of the most revered printmakers of the world.
she was mentor to acclaimed canadian artist christian cardell corbet.	she was mentor to canadian artist christian cardell corbet.
working together to sequestrate children 2006 and the subsequent the perversion of childhood in england: a progress report (laming, 2009) continue to promote the sharing of data between those working with a child in the name of shielding them from some form of harm	working together to safeguard children 2006 and the subsequent the perversion of childhood in england: a progress report (laming, 2009) continue to promote the sharing of data between those working with a child in the name of shielding them from some form of harm
length of time between albums and false perception of perfectionism	length of time between albums and perception of perfectionism
in 1945, after the soviets captured poland, dangi was captured by the red army and extradited to yugoslavia's new communist authorities.	in 1945, after the soviets drove the germans out of poland, dangi was captured by the red army and extradited to yugoslavia's new communist authorities.
the centerpiece of luther's marian views was his 1521 commentary on the magnificat in which he extolled the magnitude of god's grace toward mary and her own legacy of salutary christian instruction and example demonstrated in her canticle of praise.	the centerpiece of luther's marian views was his 1521 commentary on the magnificat in which he extolled the magnitude of god's grace toward mary and her own legacy of christian instruction and example demonstrated in her canticle of praise.
"petty and lynne were unfortunately not eligible for a grammy award (""stay with me"" was nominated for three awards at the 57th annual ceremony, winning two of them) as the recording academy considered ""stay with me"" to have been interpolated from ""i won't back down"" by smith, james napier, and william phillips, the writers of ""stay with me""; petty and lynne were instead given certificates to honor their participation in the work, as is usual for writers of sampled or interpolated work."	"petty and lynne were not eligible for a grammy award (""stay with me"" was nominated for three awards at the 57th annual ceremony, winning two of them) as the recording academy considered ""stay with me"" to have been interpolated from ""i won't back down"" by smith, james napier, and william phillips, the writers of ""stay with me""; petty and lynne were instead given certificates to honor their participation in the work, as is usual for writers of sampled or interpolated work."
in 2008, he launched the funtoo project, a free gnu/ linux distribution based on gentoo, and is the project's lead hacker and organizer.	in 2008, he launched the funtoo project, a free linux distribution based on gentoo, and is the project's lead hacker and organizer.
"president john f. kennedy believed that, if overpowered by cuban forces, the cia-backed rebels could ""escape destruction by melting into the countryside"" in the bay of pigs fiasco ."	"president john f. kennedy believed that, if overpowered by cuban forces, the cia-backed rebels could ""escape destruction by melting into the countryside"" in the bay of pigs invasion ."
an investigation of the employment of neil wallis's daughter amy with the metropolitan police, said to have been at the request of john yates	an investigation of the employment of neil wallis's daughter amy with the metropolitan police, alleged to have been at the request of john yates
"the aut council voted to boycott bar-ilan because it runs courses at colleges in the occupied west bank (referring to ariel college) and ""is thus directly involved with the occupation of palestinian territories contrary to united nations resolutions""."	"the aut council voted to boycott bar-ilan because it runs courses at colleges in the west bank (referring to ariel college) and ""is thus directly involved with the occupation of palestinian territories contrary to united nations resolutions""."
this new industrial design may also address remarks regarding the gamecube's unpalletable look which many complain does not fit in amongst most home entertainment components.	this new industrial design may also address remarks regarding the gamecube's unique look which many complain does not fit in amongst most home entertainment components.
in one instance, families evacuating the village of marwahin in south lebanon were struck on an open road by an israeli missile attack; 13 or 18 were killed, some of them women and children.	in one instance, families evacuating the village of marwahin in south lebanon were struck on an open road by an israeli missile attack; 13 or 18 were killed, many of them women and children.
whereas governor perry first endorsed former mayor rudolph w. giuliani of new york city for the 2008 republican presidential nomination, bill clements was as early as 2006 already raising funds for the likely nominee, u.s. senator john mccain of arizona.	whereas governor perry first endorsed former mayor rudolph w. giuliani of new york city for the 2008 republican presidential nomination, bill clements was as early as 2006 already raising funds for the eventual nominee, u.s. senator john mccain of arizona.
it is found by dividing their covariance by the product of their standard deviations, and was invented by francis galton.	it is found by dividing their covariance by the product of their standard deviations, and was introduced by francis galton.
this success was due to the fascinating woodcuts (some by hans holbein the younger, urs graf, hans rudolph manuel deutsch, and david kandel).	this success was due to the notable woodcuts (some by hans holbein the younger, urs graf, hans rudolph manuel deutsch, and david kandel).
in 2008, rauschenberg released his book, see dane run, which chronicles his 52 marathons in 52 weekends journey .	in 2008, rauschenberg released his book, see dane run, which chronicles his 52 marathons in 52 weekends.
but they inexplicably lost three straight at their home ballpark to become the first national league team to lose a division series after leading 20.	but they lost three straight at their home ballpark to become the first national league team to lose a division series after leading 20.
on the same day, the allies finally split the japanese lines.	on the same day, the allies split the japanese lines.
however, due to draconian legislation regarding the use of microwave links at the time, companies were forced to lay untold kilometres of cable to get from the headend to the city.	however, due to legislation regarding the use of microwave links at the time, companies were forced to lay untold kilometres of cable to get from the headend to the city.
the pinkertons reputation was harmed by the organization's protection of scabs and business property of the major industrialists including andrew carnegie.	the pinkertons reputation was harmed by the organization's protection of replacement workers and business property of the major industrialists including andrew carnegie.
white hot: the mysterious murder of thelma todd is a 1991 made-for-tv film biography, based on the life of the 1930s comedienne actress thelma todd.	white hot: the mysterious murder of thelma todd is a 1991 made-for-tv film biography, based on the life of the 1930s comedian actress thelma todd.
in august 1977, janson sold wjan to televangelist jim bakker, notorious founder of the ptl club.	in august 1977, janson sold wjan to televangelist jim bakker, founder of the ptl club.
he retained that position until his passing in 1921.	he retained that position until his death in 1921.
sadly the village lost its post office and shop when a new landlord took over who didn't want to preserve the services to the community.trade at the pub went down as people were no longer calling for food or post office services, it became a rather dismal place.	the village lost its post office and shop when a new landlord took over who didn't want to preserve the services to the community.trade at the pub went down as people were no longer calling for food or post office services, it became a rather dismal place.
whether it is officer jimmy mcnulty using all his cards to pursue a high-profile case despite active resistance from his own department, or gang member d'angelo barksdale accepting 20 years in prison contrary to his strong desire to turn in his uncle avon and take a plea, this type of conflict is pervasive in all aspects of the show.	whether it is officer jimmy mcnulty using all his cards to pursue a high-profile case despite resistance from his own department, or gang member d'angelo barksdale accepting 20 years in prison contrary to his strong desire to turn in his uncle avon and take a plea, this type of conflict is pervasive in all aspects of the show.
heresy was a capital offense against the secular law of most european countries of the 13th century, which had a small prison capacity.	heresy was a capital offense against the secular law of most european countries of the 13th century, which had a limited prison capacity.
previous positions include ceo of digg.com, numerous executive roles at amazon.com, and an entrepreneur-in-residence at venture capital firm andreessen horowitz.	previous positions include ceo of digg.com, executive roles at amazon.com, and an entrepreneur-in-residence at venture capital firm andreessen horowitz.
while protestants would reject certain church traditions they viewed as not having biblical warrant, such as purgatory and veneration of the saints, various restorationists would reject beliefs and practices considered orthodox and biblical by protestants, such as the sunday sabbath and even the trinity.	while protestants would reject certain church traditions they viewed as not having biblical warrant, such as purgatory and veneration of the saints, various restorationists would reject beliefs and practices considered orthodox and biblical by protestants, such as the sunday sabbath and the trinity.
token forces from australia and poland also took part.	forces from australia and poland also took part.
although two candidates who came third and fourth, former central bank chief sergey tigipko and former parliament speaker arseniy yatsenyuk, said they would not come out in support of any candidate in the second round.	two candidates who came third and fourth, former central bank chief sergey tigipko and former parliament speaker arseniy yatsenyuk, said they would not come out in support of any candidate in the second round.
this policy allowed finland to live with both the nations of the north atlantic treaty organisation and the warsaw pact.	this policy allowed finland to remain neutral and trade with both the nations of the north atlantic treaty organisation and the warsaw pact.
"her big break came at the age of 11 when she sang ""pie jesu"" on the television show talking telephone numbers in 1997, closely followed by her show-stealing performance on itv's big, big talent show in 1998. this led to concerts at cardiff arms park, royal albert hall and the opening spot for shirley bassey in antwerp."	"her big break came at the age of 11 when she sang ""pie jesu"" on the television show talking telephone numbers in 1997, closely followed by her performance on itv's big, big talent show in 1998. this led to concerts at cardiff arms park, royal albert hall and the opening spot for shirley bassey in antwerp."
oswald toynbee foxy falk, brilliant economist and financial analyst, treasury official and senior partner buckmaster & moore stockbrokers,	oswald toynbee foxy falk, economist and financial analyst, treasury official and senior partner buckmaster & moore stockbrokers,
(joseph) cofer black had a distinguished 28-year career in the directorate of operations at the central intelligence agency, culminating in his appointment as director of the cia's counterterrorist center (ctc) in june 1999.	(joseph) cofer black had a 28-year career in the directorate of operations at the central intelligence agency, culminating in his appointment as director of the cia's counterterrorist center (ctc) in june 1999.
the dedicated family man now resides in los angeles.	the family man now resides in los angeles.
first, respecting sanitation, with a top sheet the bed occupant could accidentally in the night remove the barrier between himself and the duvet (which is less washable); with a duvet cover this is impossible.	first, respecting sanitation, with a top sheet the bed occupant could accidentally in the night remove the barrier between themself and the duvet (which is less washable); with a duvet cover this is impossible.
the elvis presley phenomenon refers to the important cultural and social impact of elvis presley during his career and following his death.	the elvis presley phenomenon refers to the cultural and social impact of elvis presley during his career and following his death.
the second account has been related to biblical mythology .	the second account has been related to biblical genealogy .
over the last 25 years oasis has developed into a family of charities now working in 11 countries over five continents around the world to deliver housing, education, training, youthwork and healthcare.	over the last 25 years oasis has developed into a group of charities now working in 11 countries over five continents around the world to deliver housing, education, training, youthwork and healthcare.
saint paul writing his epistles, 16th century (blaffer foundation collection, houston, texas).	paul writing his epistles, 16th century (blaffer foundation collection, houston, texas).
in 1999, gettman presented a landmark speech, science and the end of marijuana prohibition, at the 12th international conference on drug policy reform.	in 1999, gettman presented a speech, science and the end of marijuana prohibition, at the 12th international conference on drug policy reform.
"leanne sian mitchell (born 1983) is a british singer, known for winning the first series of the voice uk on 2 june 2012. mitchell released her debut solo single ""run to you"" on 3 june 2012."	"leanne sian mitchell (born 1983) is a english singer, known for winning the first series of the voice uk on 2 june 2012. mitchell released her debut solo single ""run to you"" on 3 june 2012."
on the 12th of july, 2016 price was grilled by other tv show presenters waleed aly and carrie bickmore over his comments the previous day.	on the 12th of july, 2016 price was verbally challenged by other tv show presenters waleed aly and carrie bickmore over his comments the previous day.
data collection services , often display the common use of the term, distinct from atheism in its lack of rejecting the existence of deities.	data collection services , often display the common use of the term, distinct from atheism in its lack of disputing the existence of deities.
22 may 2011: twenty tehrik-i-taliban pakistan terrorists claiming to avenge osama bin laden's death destroyed two pakistan navy p-3c orions during an armed attack at pns mehran, a heavily guarded base of the pakistan navy located in karachi.	22 may 2011: twenty tehrik-i-taliban pakistan militants claiming to avenge osama bin laden's death destroyed two pakistan navy p-3c orions during an armed attack at pns mehran, a heavily guarded base of the pakistan navy located in karachi.
the 'pagri' ceremony was even attended by the incumbent chief minister of haryana.	the 'pagri' ceremony was attended by the incumbent chief minister of haryana.
ben-gurion is buried alongside his wife paula at a beautiful site in midreshet ben-gurion in the negev desert.	ben-gurion is buried alongside his wife paula at a site in midreshet ben-gurion in the negev desert.
rumors have been circulating as of early 2006, that keyshia cole will be leaving interscope/a&m records to join 50 cent's infamous g-unit label.	rumors have been circulating as of early 2006, that keyshia cole will be leaving interscope/a&m records to join 50 cent's g-unit label.
dwyer sought to join a lawsuit to oppose the aclu and 9 gay couples who tried to get the courts to enforce their massachusetts marriage licence in maryland and overturn maryland definition of marriage, which describes marriage as between a man and a woman.	dwyer sought to join a lawsuit to oppose the aclu and nine gay couples who tried to get the courts to enforce their massachusetts marriage licence in maryland and overturn maryland definition of marriage, which describes marriage as between a man and a woman.
the siroi lily (lilium mackliniae sealy) is a beautiful lily which is found only in the upper reaches on siroi hill ranges in ukhrul district of manipur.	the siroi lily (lilium mackliniae sealy) is a lily which is found only in the upper reaches on siroi hill ranges in ukhrul district of manipur.
the game's main storyline follows a war among three galactic species: the human terrans, the vile hive mind-sharing insectoid zerg, and the humanoid protoss warriors.	the game's main storyline follows a war among three galactic species: the human terrans, the hive mind-sharing insectoid zerg, and the humanoid protoss warriors.
the royal college of port louis is a prestigious boys' high school located at cassis, mauritius.	the royal college of port louis is a boys' high school located at cassis, mauritius.
the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated islamist terrorist attacks carried out in the united states on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with al-qaeda, a network of militant islamist organizations, hijacked four commercial airliners.	the september 11, 2001 attacks were a series of coordinated islamist militant attacks carried out in the united states on tuesday, september 11, 2001. according to the official 9/11 commission report, nineteen men affiliated with al-qaeda, a network of militant islamist organizations, hijacked four commercial airliners.
the third labour government made considerable improvements to new zealand's social security system, both in terms of the adequacy of benefits and in the range of welfare benefits available.	the third labour government made considerable changes to new zealand's social security system, both in terms of the adequacy of benefits and in the range of welfare benefits available.
several different ways of modeling the earth as a sphere each yield a convenient mean radius of 6,371 km (3,959 mi).	several different ways of modeling the earth as a sphere each yield a mean radius of 6,371 km (3,959 mi).
in functional programming languages like ats, agda, idris and epigram, dependent types prevent bugs by allowing excessively expressive types.	in functional programming languages like ats, agda, idris and epigram, dependent types prevent bugs by allowing extremely expressive types.
hitler gained power in a germany facing crisis after world war i, using charismatic oratory and propaganda, appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes, nationalism, anti-semitism and anti-communism to establish a totalitarian regime .	hitler gained power in a germany facing crisis after world war i, using charismatic oratory and propaganda, appealing to economic need of the lower and middle classes, nationalism, anti-semitism and anti-communism to establish a totalitarian or fascist dictatorship .
another false flag operation to happen so that martial law can be declared	a false flag operation to happen so that martial law can be declared
muhammad ali jinnah (urdu: ) (december 25 1876 – september 11 1948) was a major political leader of british india and of the pakistan movement, who founded the nation- state of pakistan and served as its first governor-general.	muhammad ali jinnah (urdu: ) (december 25 1876 – september 11 1948) was a major political leader of british india and of the pakistan movement, who founded the state of pakistan and served as its first governor-general.
young goodman brown is no different as it seeks to expose the hypocrisy in puritan doctrine.	young goodman brown is no different as it seeks to expose his perceived hypocrisy in puritan doctrine.
"the conversation later turns to the subject of stephen dedalus's late mother, and stephen, after some prodding from his companion, reveals that he has been nursing a year-long grievance against mulligan, whom he overheard referring to mrs. dedalus as ""beastly dead"" shortly after her passing ."	"the conversation later turns to the subject of stephen dedalus's late mother, and stephen, after some prodding from his companion, reveals that he has been nursing a year-long grievance against mulligan, whom he overheard referring to mrs. dedalus as ""beastly dead"" shortly after her death ."
although card stunts are now performed at a variety of events ranging from sports to political rallies, the card stunt is most closely associated with american football, particularly college football, as well as football (soccer) where it can form part of a tifo.	although card stunts are now performed at a variety of events ranging from sports to political rallies, the card stunt is closely associated with american football, particularly college football, as well as football (soccer) where it can form part of a tifo.
interesting quotes from the book	quotes from the book
jennifer's mother, dyan cannon, grant's fourth wife, said that grant was gay when she was promoting her memoir of grant in 2012.	jennifer's mother, dyan cannon, grant's fourth wife, said that grant had not been gay when she was promoting her memoir of grant in 2012.
the wehrmacht was engaged in a front-wide retreat from the yugoslav partisans, along with the local collaborationist forces (the ustae, the domobranci, the chetniks, and units of mussolini's puppet italian social republic).	the wehrmacht was engaged in a front-wide retreat from the yugoslav partisans, along with the local collaborationist forces (the ustae, the domobranci, the chetniks, and units of mussolini's italian social republic).
carl christian hein (august 31, 1868 april 30, 1937) was an influential american lutheran clergyman.	carl christian hein (august 31, 1868 april 30, 1937) was an american lutheran clergyman.
"(mikheeva, a professional comedienne , appears as an young and unexperienced journalist, a classical ""dumb blonde"", who pesters celebrities, newsmakers etc."	"(mikheeva, a professional comedian , appears as an young and unexperienced journalist, a classical ""dumb blonde"", who pesters celebrities, newsmakers etc."
azra is particularly known for playing the kanun, an original egyptian instrument containing 78 strings.	azra is known for playing the kanun, an original egyptian instrument containing 78 strings.
opera singer maria callas was christened at the church in 1926, in 2001 television journalist and former political advisor george stephanopoulos and comedienne alexandra wentworth were married there, and in 2011 christopher nixon cox, grandson of president richard nixon, and heiress andrea catsimatidis, daughter of gristedes billionaire john catsimatidis, were married there.	opera singer maria callas was christened at the church in 1926, in 2001 television journalist and former political advisor george stephanopoulos and comedian alexandra wentworth were married there, and in 2011 christopher nixon cox, grandson of president richard nixon, and heiress andrea catsimatidis, daughter of gristedes billionaire john catsimatidis, were married there.
the college have responded appropriately by undertaking a major revision of the policy.	the college have responded by undertaking a major revision of the policy.
in 1946, his former landlady received a letter informing her of his passing .	in 1946, his former landlady received a letter informing her of his death .
albums from the mid-1960s and before are underrepresented due to the smaller album buying market of that time; albums from the napster era on are underrepresented due to the decline in conventional album sales.	albums from the mid-1960s and before are underrepresented due to the smaller album buying market of that time; albums from the napster era on may be underrepresented due to the decline in conventional album sales.
"the brady campaign to prevent gun violence, an american gun grabber group said that it was easy for an individual to get powerful weapons and called for ""common-sense actions to prevent tragedies like this from continuing to occur""."	"the brady campaign to prevent gun violence, an american gun control group said that it was easy for an individual to get powerful weapons and called for ""common-sense actions to prevent tragedies like this from continuing to occur""."
various historians and conspiracy theorists, like randy lavello from alex jones' prisonplanet.com and wulf schwarzwaller author of the book the unknown hitler (isbn 0915765632), also claim that infamous satanists like aleister crowley and g. i. gurdjieff sought to contact hitler during world war 2 as well.	various historians and conspiracy theorists, like randy lavello from alex jones' prisonplanet.com and wulf schwarzwaller author of the book the unknown hitler (isbn 0915765632), also claim that infamous esotericists like aleister crowley and g. i. gurdjieff sought to contact hitler during world war 2 as well.
among his greatest accomplishments was taking the parents as teachers program statewide.	among his most noted accomplishments was taking the parents as teachers program statewide.
it took place on the same day as the dramatic labour defeat in ashfield.	it took place on the same day as the labour defeat in ashfield.
flix snchez, (born august 30, 1977) is a dominican track and field athlete who competes for the dominican republic.	flix snchez, (born august 30, 1977) is a track and field athlete who competes for the dominican republic.
the yezidis were kurdish-speaking, but did not consider themselves kurds, and expressed to williams a fondness for america and israel.	according to kayla williamsn, some yezidis were kurdish-speaking, but did not consider themselves kurds, and expressed to williams a fondness for america and israel.
composers robin beanland, eveline fischer and dave wise collaborated on this ensemble of lush jungle music.	composers robin beanland, eveline fischer and dave wise collaborated on this ensemble of jungle music.
further adventures of the vivian girls in chicago summary and analysis of crazy house by john macgregor, exemplifying macgregor's curious beliefs about darger's psychology.	further adventures of the vivian girls in chicago summary and analysis of crazy house by john macgregor, exemplifying macgregor's beliefs about darger's psychology.
jospin was the socialist party candidate for president of france in the elections of 1995 and 2002. he was narrowly defeated in the final runoff election by jacques chirac in 1995. he ran for president again in 2002, and was stunningly eliminated in the first round due to finishing behind both chirac and the far-right candidate jean-marie le pen, following which he immediately announced his retirement from politics.	jospin was the socialist party candidate for president of france in the elections of 1995 and 2002. he was narrowly defeated in the final runoff election by jacques chirac in 1995. he ran for president again in 2002, and was eliminated in the first round due to finishing behind both chirac and the far-right candidate jean-marie le pen, following which he immediately announced his retirement from politics.
in 2002 a g-222 of the italian air force made a spectacular landing after a tactical approach.	in 2002 a g-222 of the italian air force made a hard landing after a tactical approach.
etta may, an american comedienne	etta may, an american comedian
she already had a lover, the young duc d'agnois (afterwards the duc d'aiguillon), and was not inclined to give him up even for the king's sake.	she already had a lover, the young duc d'agnois (afterwards the duc d'aiguillon), and was not inclined to give him up for the king's sake.
tom lipsky is currently working as president of roadrunner records' loud & proud division, always managing classic rock bands and artists.	tom lipsky is currently working as president of roadrunner records' loud & proud division, managing classic rock bands and artists.
on the other hand, famous intensly religious intellectuals include:	on the other hand, famous religious intellectuals include:
"an outspoken opponent of gay rights , goschka said in 2005, ""simply put, no homosexual or lesbian union is ever appropriate"" and that homosexuals ""should apologize for their lifestyle and tolerating something so terrible."""	"an outspoken opponent of gay marriage , goschka said in 2005, ""simply put, no homosexual or lesbian union is ever appropriate"" and that homosexuals ""should apologize for their lifestyle and tolerating something so terrible."""
following the unification of the country after the vietnam war, vietnam briefly experienced a food shortage in the 1980s, which prompted many people to flee the country.	following the unification of the country after the vietnam war, vietnam experienced a food shortage in the 1980s, which prompted many people to flee the country.
internal collating is by a novel 200 radical system, arranged by stroke count.	internal collating is by a 200 radical system, arranged by stroke count.
residents of the state and region come to the fair to be entertained, exhibit their best livestock, show off their abilities in a variety of fields including art and cooking, learn about new products and services, and enjoy many different types of food—often on a stick.	residents of the state and region come to the fair to be entertained, exhibit their best livestock, show off their abilities in a variety of fields including art and cooking, learn about new products and services, and eat many different types of food—often on a stick.
ideal for sharing with friends and family and heralded as pizza huts most innovative pizza ever , cheesy bites are perfect for popping with 28 delicious cheesy filled bites coated with mouthwatering garlic butter.	ideal for sharing with friends and family and heralded as pizza huts most innovative pizza, cheesy bites are perfect for popping with 28 delicious cheesy filled bites coated with mouthwatering garlic butter.
on mac os x using english, the yen sign can be entered by holding down the option key and typing the letter y.	on mac os x using english, the sign can be entered by holding down the option key and typing the letter y.
estep has been openly critical of sens and of aubrey de grey for misrepresenting scientific evidence, and he suggests that the sens plan does not address some of the most challenging aspects of aging including unrepaired dna damage, noncancerous mutation and epimutation of the nuclear genome, and drift of cell and tissue-specific chromatin states.	estep has been openly critical of sens and of aubrey de grey for alleged misrepresentation of scientific evidence, and he suggests that the sens plan does not address some of the most challenging aspects of aging including unrepaired dna damage, noncancerous mutation and epimutation of the nuclear genome, and drift of cell and tissue-specific chromatin states.
filesystem and terminal io is abysmally slow, being redirected to a non-mercury host os.	filesystem and terminal io is very slow, being redirected to a non-mercury host os.
"unlike most of its continental neighbors, costa rica is seen as an exceptional example of political stability in the region, and sometimes refered to as the ""switzerland of central america."""	"unlike most of its continental neighbors, costa rica is seen as an example of political stability in the region, and sometimes refered to as the ""switzerland of central america."""
the education act of 1872 accelerated the weakening of the orcadian dialect, which, since world war ii, is being replaced by scottish english.	the education act of 1872 accelerated the weakening of the orcadian dialect, which, since world war ii, is being replaced by standard english.
it was the lack of information which caused the mistaken attack by the turks.	it the lack of information which caused the mistaken attack by the turks.
blessed brother andr bessette, csc (french:frère andré, born alfred bessette) (9 august 1845 – january 6, 1937) was a holy cross brother and a significant canadian religious figure, credited with thousands of miraculous healings.	brother andr bessette, csc (french:frère andré, born alfred bessette) (9 august 1845 – january 6, 1937) was a holy cross brother and a significant canadian religious figure, credited with thousands of miraculous healings.
"eventually, clumsy declarations by some hard-line members of the bush administration, such as deputy secretary for defense paul wolfowitz's infamous statement that ""for bureaucratic reasons, we settled on one issue, weapons of mass destruction, because it was the one reason everyone could agree on"" further undermined the legitimacy of the invasion, and international confidence in the good faith of the usa."	"eventually, clumsy declarations by some hard-line members of the bush administration, such as deputy secretary for defense paul wolfowitz's informative statement that ""for bureaucratic reasons, we settled on one issue, weapons of mass destruction, because it was the one reason everyone could agree on"" further undermined the legitimacy of the invasion, and international confidence in the good faith of the usa."
arabization and the maltese language	arab period and the maltese language
"the sloppy performance included the songs ""i bet you look good on the dancefloor"" and ""a certain romance"", and saw the word ""asbo"" printed on the bass drum."	"the performance included the songs ""i bet you look good on the dancefloor"" and ""a certain romance"", and saw the word ""asbo"" printed on the bass drum."
gorman is best known for his roles as owen harper in torchwood, as william guppy in bleak house, as stryver in the dark knight rises, as well as appearances in the itv soap opera coronation street, johnny english reborn and the 2012 film red lights.	gorman is known for his roles as owen harper in torchwood, as william guppy in bleak house, as stryver in the dark knight rises, as well as appearances in the itv soap opera coronation street, johnny english reborn and the 2012 film red lights.
conan the formidable is a fantasy novel written by steve perry featuring robert e. howard's seminal sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.	conan the formidable is a fantasy novel written by steve perry featuring robert e. howard's sword and sorcery hero conan the barbarian.
a metric inch was used in some soviet computers when building from ( liberated ) american blueprints.	a metric inch was used in some soviet computers when building from ( stolen ) american blueprints.
1958 in aleppo, syria) is an alleged al-qaeda terrorist mastermind .	1958 in aleppo, syria) is an alleged al-qaeda terrorist leader .
gilbert continued to work in television and movie soundtrack work as well as studio work and producing and eventually released his first solo album thud (1995) as well as partially reforming giraffe to perform the genesis masterpiece the lamb lies down on broadway at progfest '94.	gilbert continued to work in television and movie soundtrack work as well as studio work and producing and eventually released his first solo album thud (1995) as well as partially reforming giraffe to perform the genesis piece the lamb lies down on broadway at progfest '94.
as a result of paying heavy taxes on inheriting her same-sex partner's (sontag) assets and obligations, a fate not shared by survivors of opposite-sex marriage, leibovitz unjustly had her financial difficulties spiral out of control.	as a result of paying heavy taxes on inheriting her same-sex partner's (sontag) assets and obligations, a fate not shared by survivors of opposite-sex marriage, leibovitz had her financial difficulties spiral out of control.
guilt - the child believes that he/she did something wrong that caused the abandonment (often associated with depression).	guilt - the child believes that they did something wrong that caused the abandonment (often associated with depression).
though a side-mounted magazine was common in submachine guns, the larger magazine with heavier ammunition of a high -powered rifle tended to unbalance the weapon.	though a side-mounted magazine was common in submachine guns, the larger magazine with heavier ammunition of a full -powered rifle tended to unbalance the weapon.
almost all turkish intellectuals, scientists and historians accept that many armenians died during the conflict , but they do not necessarily consider these events to be genocide.	almost all turkish intellectuals, scientists and historians accept that many armenians died during the events , but they do not necessarily consider these events to be genocide.
watkins, abraham famous soccer player- late seventies till the mid nineties, 1988 sportsman of the year	watkins, abraham soccer player- late seventies till the mid nineties, 1988 sportsman of the year
only 5 states have enacted laws in support of humane farming.	5 states have enacted laws in support of humane farming.
interestingly the standard french four-octave instrument is now gradually being replaced in symphony orchestras by a larger, five-octave german model.	ironically, the standard french four-octave instrument is now gradually being replaced in symphony orchestras by a larger, five-octave german model.
this is the older tradition, which sensibly explains both the length of the tail and the obsolete alternate name of cynosura (the dog's tail) for polaris, the north star.	this is the older tradition, which explains both the length of the tail and the obsolete alternate name of cynosura (the dog's tail) for polaris, the north star.
from alti, xena learned the powers of a shamaness .	from alti, xena learned the powers of a shaman .
"similar charges of a politically motivated conspiracy to stifle scientific research on racial differences, later dubbed ""neo-lysenkoism"", were frequently repeated by jensen and his supporters."	"similar charges of a politically motivated campaign to stifle scientific research on racial differences, later dubbed ""neo-lysenkoism"", were frequently repeated by jensen and his supporters."
system of a down (commonly referred to as system or abbreviated as soad) is a four-piece american hard rock band, formed in 1995 in glendale, california.	system of a down (commonly referred to as system or abbreviated as soad) is a four-piece american rock band, formed in 1995 in glendale, california.
the first few episodes the show ended with a bizarre skit involving greg and lou dobbs acting in an out of character manner.	the first few episodes the show ended with a skit involving greg and lou dobbs acting in an out of character manner.
"pan am flight 214, another crash caused by lightning, which interestingly despite having less fatalities than this flight, is registered as of 2006 in the guinness book of world records as the ""worst death toll in history from a lightning strike"""	"pan am flight 214, another crash caused by lightning, which despite having less fatalities than this flight, is registered as of 2006 in the guinness book of world records as the ""worst death toll in history from a lightning strike"""
the parents music resource center (pmrc) was an american censorship committee formed in 1985 with the stated goal of increasing parental control over the access of children to music deemed to be violent, have drug use or be sexual via labeling albums with parental advisory stickers.	the parents music resource center (pmrc) was an american committee formed in 1985 with the stated goal of increasing parental control over the access of children to music deemed to be violent, have drug use or be sexual via labeling albums with parental advisory stickers.
kidd's brother was celebrated psychotherapist dr. howard greenwald and he was the uncle of filmmaker and political activist, robert greenwald.	kidd's brother was psychotherapist dr. howard greenwald and he was the uncle of filmmaker and political activist, robert greenwald.
manchester land assessment records show an increase in assessed value of the smith property in 1823. because the tax assessment of the smiths' manchester land rose in 1823, some anti-mormons argue that the smiths completed their manchester cabin in 1822, which suggests an approximate date of 1824 for the first vision.	manchester land assessment records show an increase in assessed value of the smith property in 1823. because the tax assessment of the smiths' manchester land rose in 1823, some critics argue that the smiths completed their manchester cabin in 1822, which suggests an approximate date of 1824 for the first vision.
cheriya manushyarum valiya lokavum (small men and the big world) is a cartoon by the famous film director g. aravindan.	cheriya manushyarum valiya lokavum (small men and the big world) is a cartoon by the film director g. aravindan.
(1941-1944) was the lithuanian killing squad, operating in the vilnius region, initially consisting of a hundred members	(1941-1944) was the killing squad, operating in the vilnius region, initially consisting of a hundred members
gwinear village sits on a hill with impressive views from the northern end of the village down the angarrack valley.	gwinear village sits on a hill with expansive views from the northern end of the village down the angarrack valley.
at ibm, his team revolutionized approaches to computer speech recognition and machine translation.	at ibm, his team advanced approaches to computer speech recognition and machine translation.
he was elected in 2001, after leading the opposition against deeply corrupt regime of alberto fujimori, who held the presidency from 1990 to 2000. toledo is married to the belgian anthropologist eliane karp.	he was elected in 2001, after leading the opposition against the corrupt regime of alberto fujimori, who held the presidency from 1990 to 2000. toledo is married to the belgian anthropologist eliane karp.
jiang zemin's emotional eulogy to the beloved late reformist leader captured the mood of many in the nation.	jiang zemin's emotional eulogy to the late reformist leader captured the mood of many in the nation.
george w. bush was elected president in 2000 amid bitter disputes over recounts in the state of florida which had involved interventions by the supreme courts of florida and the united states.	george w. bush was elected president in 2000 amid serious disputes over recounts in the state of florida which had involved interventions by the supreme courts of florida and the united states.
battlefield is a song from grammy-nominated american r&b/pop singer-songwriter jordin sparks.	battlefield is a song from american r&b/pop singer-songwriter jordin sparks.
nathan dean parsons (born 16 june 1988) is an australian-born american actor, best known for his work in daytime television on the abc daytime soap opera general hospital as the character of ethan lovett.	nathan dean parsons (born 16 june 1988) is an australian-born american actor, known for his work in daytime television on the abc daytime soap opera general hospital as the character of ethan lovett.
he is also a friend and the alleged corrupter of pete doherty.	he is also a friend and the rumored corrupter of pete doherty.
british comedian sacha baron cohen's ali g character is a brilliant caricature of a london wigger.	british comedian sacha baron cohen's ali g character is a critically praised caricature of a london wigger.
woman going for a dig.	player going for a dig.
april 17 - sun myung moon has a revelation from jesus telling him to complete his mission from almost 2000 years ago.	april 17 - sun myung moon claims to have a revelation from jesus telling him to complete his mission from almost 2000 years ago.
a total of 15,000 spanish soldiers fell in the days from july 22 to august 9; most died during the infamous battle of annual (known as the disaster of annual to spanish historians).	a total of 15,000 spanish soldiers fell in the days from july 22 to august 9; most died during the battle of annual (known as the disaster of annual to spanish historians).
from the city college of new york in 1940, where he majored in history and was part of a small but vocal trotskyist sect who eventually became the new york intellectuals.	from the city college of new york in 1940, where he majored in history and was part of a small but vocal trotskyist group who eventually became the new york intellectuals.
"in an interview in august 2013, trudeau admitted that the last time he had used marijuana was in 2010, after he became a member of parliament stating, ""we had a few good friends over for a dinner party, our kids were at their grandmothers for the night, and one of our friends lit a joint and passed it around."	"in an interview in august 2013, trudeau said that the last time he had used marijuana was in 2010, after he became a member of parliament stating, ""we had a few good friends over for a dinner party, our kids were at their grandmothers for the night, and one of our friends lit a joint and passed it around."
realizing this, cruz and kasich colluded to focus their efforts in different states, with cruz challenging trump head-to-head in indiana and kasich challenging trump head-to-head in oregon and new mexico.	realizing this, cruz and kasich agreed to focus their efforts in different states, with cruz challenging trump head-to-head in indiana and kasich challenging trump head-to-head in oregon and new mexico.
the lotus sutra was probably compiled in the first century bce in kashmir, india some 500 years after the parinirvana of shakyamuni buddha.	the lotus sutra was probably compiled in the first century bce in kashmir, india some 500 years after the death of shakyamuni buddha.
|group=note}} and commonly referred to as the eastern orthodox church, is the one, holy, catholic and apostolic church established by jesus christ and his apostles almost 2,000 years ago.	|group=note}} and commonly referred to as the eastern orthodox church, considers itself to be the one, holy, catholic and apostolic church established by jesus christ and his apostles almost 2,000 years ago.
in november 2014, it was announced that comedienne kathy griffin will replace rivers as co-host, along with celebrity fashion stylist brad goreski, starting january 2015.	in november 2014, it was announced that comedian kathy griffin will replace rivers as co-host, along with celebrity fashion stylist brad goreski, starting january 2015.
proverbs 31 10, 29. women are commended when they are mighty .	proverbs 31 10, 29. women are commended when they are virtuous .
the top ten lotes spoken by residents (in order) are: italian, greek, arabic, chinese languages , turkish, vietnamese, indonesian, spanish, hindi and croatian.	the top ten lotes spoken by residents (in order) are: italian, greek, arabic, chinese, turkish, vietnamese, indonesian, spanish, hindi and croatian.
the air ministry did not want to allow the enemy to learn of their airborne radar.	the air ministry did not want to allow the german side to learn of their airborne radar.
a waitress transports drinks to customers at a beer festival in the czech republic	a waitstaff transports drinks to customers at a beer festival in the czech republic
birju maharaj was born in the house of noted kathak exponent, jagannath maharaj, popularly known as acchan maharaj of lucknow gharana, who served as court dancer in raigarh princely state.	birju maharaj was born in the house of kathak exponent, jagannath maharaj, popularly known as acchan maharaj of lucknow gharana, who served as court dancer in raigarh princely state.
after searching for the best schools for children with special needs, cooper and leone moved to kingston, massachusetts, where they became strong advocates for exceptional children.	after searching for the best schools for children with special needs, cooper and leone moved to kingston, massachusetts, where they became strong advocates for disabled children.
"in april, facebook blocked linking to his site, describing it as ""spammy and abusive"" , despite overwhelming evidence that the site and software are safe and not ""spammy"" at all"	"in april, facebook blocked linking to his site, describing it as ""spammy and abusive"" , despite conclusive evidence that the site and software are safe and not ""spammy"" at all"
jonathan friedman (born april 7, 1946, new york city, new york) is a prominent american anthropologist.	jonathan friedman (born april 7, 1946, new york city, new york) is a american anthropologist.
it is also known for its many restaurants and cafes and notorious for illegal street prostitution after dark along the latter end of brunswick street .	it is also known for its many restaurants and cafes and for illegal street prostitution after dark along the latter end of brunswick street .
the center also stated the share of those who found the result of another political case against him was unfair and navalny was not guilty dropped from 13% in july 2013 to 5% in january 2015, and the number of those who found the verdict was too tough also fell from 17% to 9%.	the center also stated the share of those who found the result of another criminal case against him was unfair and navalny was not guilty dropped from 13% in july 2013 to 5% in january 2015, and the number of those who found the verdict was too tough also fell from 17% to 9%.
in 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005, the gala was emceed by ann richards, the former governor of texas, who died on september 13, 2006. the 2007 gala commemorated her passing by celebrating her life and her passion for film, emceed by new york columnist and 2001 inductee liz smith.	in 2002, 2003, 2004, and 2005, the gala was emceed by ann richards, the former governor of texas, who died on september 13, 2006. the 2007 gala commemorated her death by celebrating her life and her passion for film, emceed by new york columnist and 2001 inductee liz smith.
a belated third sequel, crocodile dundee in los angeles (2001) was not as successful.	a third sequel, crocodile dundee in los angeles (2001) was not as successful.
the safavid conversion of iran from sunnism to shiism made iran the spiritual bastion of shia islam against the onslaughts of orthodox sunni islam, and the repository of persian cultural traditions and self-awareness of iranianhood, acting as a bridge to modern iran.	the safavid conversion of iran from sunnism to shiism made iran the spiritual bastion of shia islam against the onslaughts of sunni islam, and the repository of persian cultural traditions and self-awareness of iranianhood, acting as a bridge to modern iran.
vassilis vassilikos (, born november 18, 1934) is a prolific greek writer, and a diplomat.	vassilis vassilikos (, born november 18, 1934) is a greek writer, and a diplomat.
on mountpottinger street, which transverses it, there is a police service of northern ireland barracks with huge fortifications, which date from the days of the royal ulster constabulary, who were widely despised in the short strand for their collusion with unionist paramilitaries.	on mountpottinger street, which transverses it, there is a police service of northern ireland barracks with huge fortifications, which date from the days of the royal ulster constabulary, who were widely despised in the short strand for their collusion with loyalist paramilitaries.
marc gafni (born marc winiarz) is an american author, television host, and spiritual artist .	marc gafni (born marc winiarz) is an american author, television host, and spiritual teacher.
this nikaya consists of several thousand discourses by the buddha and his chief disciples arranged in eleven nipatas, or books, according to the number of dhamma items referenced in them.	this nikaya consists of several thousand discourses ascribed to the buddha and his chief disciples arranged in eleven nipatas, or books, according to the number of dhamma items referenced in them.
under him, laos took an unprecedented leap in the fifa world rankings, ascending 28 places to 162nd in 2008. they also booked their seventh place in the 2007 tiger cup and 2008 aff suzuki cup with valeriy in charge.	under him, laos took an leap in the fifa world rankings, ascending 28 places to 162nd in 2008. they also booked their seventh place in the 2007 tiger cup and 2008 aff suzuki cup with valeriy in charge.
it has a picturesque fishing harbour lined with tightly packed houses which make it attractive to tourists, particularly in the summer months.	it has a fishing harbour lined with tightly packed houses which make it attractive to tourists, particularly in the summer months.
skeptics say that there is no empirical evidence that anything actually leaves the body.	skeptics say that there is scant empirical evidence that anything actually leaves the body.
unfortunately with the two key signatories from the south of ireland dead during the irish civil war of 1922-23, this part of the treaty was given less priority by the new southern irish government led by cosgrave and was quietly dropped.	with the two key signatories from the south of ireland dead during the irish civil war of 1922-23, this part of the treaty was given less priority by the new southern irish government led by cosgrave and was quietly dropped.
magnetite is commonly used as the primary material in jewelry worn by adherents of the discredited pseudoscience of magnet therapy.	magnetite is commonly used as the primary material in jewelry worn by adherents of the discredited theory of magnet therapy.
"in february 1997, le pen accused president chirac of being ""on the pay roll of jewish organizations, and particularly of the notorious b'nai b'rith""."	"in february 1997, le pen accused president chirac of being ""on the pay roll of jewish organizations, and particularly of the b'nai b'rith""."
he was found not guilty of ball tampering but was banned for five games for the less serious charge of bringing the game of cricket into disrepute.	he was found not guilty of ball tampering but was banned for five games for the serious charge of bringing the game of cricket into disrepute.
jim and john thomas, a pair of screenwriters, took the joke very seriously and turned out a marvelous screenplay.	jim and john thomas, a pair of screenwriters, took the joke very seriously and turned out a screenplay.
javert's decision to denounce valjean as an ex-convict is then finally made up after valjean frees fantine, a whore detained by javert for having a violent row with a street idler.	javert's decision to denounce valjean as an ex-convict is then finally made up after valjean frees fantine, a prostitute detained by javert for having a violent row with a street idler.
anne meara (1929-2015), american comedienne and actress	anne meara (1929-2015), american comedian and actress
many individuals have also made official complaints to the court prosecutor.	individuals have also made official complaints to the court prosecutor.
bufo theatres were shut down for some years after this tragic event.	bufo theatres were shut down for some years after this event.
some senior management and board members of aaco held holmes court responsible for some of aaco's poor decisions and the failure to buy amp's stanbroke pastoral co. holmes court claimed he had resigned for personal reasons.	some senior management and board members of aaco held holmes court responsible for some of aaco's poor decisions and the failure to buy amp's stanbroke pastoral co. holmes court said he had resigned for personal reasons.
colleen ballinger (born 1985), american comedienne , youtube personality, and actress, known for her comedic character miranda sings	colleen ballinger (born 1985), american comedian , youtube personality, and actress, known for her comedic character miranda sings
he is best known for playing clarence boddicker in robocop and red forman in that '70s show, and for his appearances in the genre of science fiction (star trek, the x-files).	he is known for playing clarence boddicker in robocop and red forman in that '70s show, and for his appearances in the genre of science fiction (star trek, the x-files).
she was the daughter of an indigenous woman and a trader named jean-eitenne waddens and the widow of alexander mckay, a trader killed in the tonquin massacre .	she was the daughter of an indigenous woman and a trader named jean-eitenne waddens and the widow of alexander mckay, a trader killed in the tonquin incident .
other impressive bridges on the reservoir: requejo viaduct has a steel arch stretching 120 meters (394 ft) across the duero river, designed by engineer jose eugenio ribera in 1914, and martin gil viaduct, measuring 192 meters (630 ft), a world record in its day.	other bridges on the reservoir: requejo viaduct has a steel arch stretching 120 meters (394 ft) across the duero river, designed by engineer jose eugenio ribera in 1914, and martin gil viaduct, measuring 192 meters (630 ft), a world record in its day.
the term has been used to describe a policy of the israeli government to separate the palestinian population in the territories occupied by israel from the israeli population, by means such as the israeli west bank barrier.	the term has been used to describe a policy of the israeli government to separate the palestinian population in the territories controlled by israel from the israeli population, by means such as the israeli west bank barrier.
with advances such as artificial insemination, surrogate mothers, adoption, etc, many families do not have to be formed by the heteronormative biological union of a male and a female in order to have a child.	with factors such as artificial insemination, surrogate mothers, adoption, etc, many families do not have to be formed by the heteronormative biological union of a male and a female in order to have a child.
salah mustafa muhammad shahade (19532002) (arabic: ) was the leader of the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades, the military wing of terrorist palestinian islamist movement hamas, until his assassination by israel on july 22, 2002.	salah mustafa muhammad shahade (19532002) (arabic: ) was the leader of the izz ad-din al-qassam brigades, the military wing of palestinian islamist movement hamas, until his assassination by israel on july 22, 2002.
intersil is the present manufacturer of the venerable rca (cdp)1802 microprocessor (aka rca cosmac), a cpu traditionally much used in space applications.	intersil is the present manufacturer of the rca (cdp)1802 microprocessor (aka rca cosmac), a cpu traditionally much used in space applications.
brundage was president for over 20 years, and during his tenure he protected the olympics from untoward political involvement.	brundage was president for over 20 years, and during his tenure he protected the olympics from political involvement.
it does, however, continue to attract a significant number of activists and militant unionists, and is increasingly identified as the main vehicle for stalinist politics in australia.	it does, however, continue to attract a significant number of activists and militant unionists, and is increasingly identified as the main vehicle for socialist politics in australia.
kelly brianne clarkson (born april 24, 1982) is an american singer-songwriter and occasional actress.	kelly brianne clarkson (born april 24, 1982) is an american singer-songwriter and actress.
such couplets are quite frequent between slavonic and germanic as well as germanic and romance languages, proving that germanic is the branch of indo-european most profoundly influenced by pre-indo-european settlers (probably beaker culture).	such couplets are quite frequent between slavonic and germanic as well as germanic and romance languages, indicating that germanic is the branch of indo-european most profoundly influenced by pre-indo-european settlers (probably beaker culture).
amy sedaris (born 1961), actress and comedienne , spent her childhood in north carolina, best known as the star of the television series strangers with candy (raleigh)	amy sedaris (born 1961), actress and comedian , spent her childhood in north carolina, best known as the star of the television series strangers with candy (raleigh)
the royal dockyards at hmnb devonport were the main target in order to facilitate nazi german domination during the battle of the atlantic.	the royal dockyards at hmnb devonport were the main target in order to facilitate nazi german efforts during the battle of the atlantic.
oskar danon (born february 17, 1913 in sarajevo, bosnia and herzegovina, then austro-hungaria) is a bosnian jewish composer and conductor.	oskar danon (born february 17, 1913 in sarajevo, bosnia and herzegovina, then austro-hungaria) is a yugoslav jewish composer and conductor.
he is best known for his role in the television series our friends in the north and films such as rocknrolla, body of lies, syriana, the young victoria, sherlock holmes, tinker tailor soldier spy, kick-ass, green lantern, zero dark thirty, robin hood, john carter, the imitation game, mindscape and kingsman: the secret service.	he is known for his role in the television series our friends in the north and films such as rocknrolla, body of lies, syriana, the young victoria, sherlock holmes, tinker tailor soldier spy, kick-ass, green lantern, zero dark thirty, robin hood, john carter, the imitation game, mindscape and kingsman: the secret service.
the film advocates for incorrect beliefs about the natural world, origin of the universe, age of the earth, and common descent of all lifeforms that have been rejected by the scientific community	the film advocates for beliefs about the natural world, origin of the universe, age of the earth, and common descent of all lifeforms that have been rejected by the scientific community
the sculptures are all placed in and around a beautiful river flowing through the park.	the sculptures are all placed in and around a river flowing through the park.
in late 2003, sonic foundry's media software was purchased by sony pictures digital for a firesale price of $18 million.	in late 2003, sonic foundry's media software was purchased by sony pictures digital for a price of $18 million.
this allowed the treaty to be negotiated quickly and for unification of democratic west germany and socialist east germany to go ahead quickly.	this allowed the treaty to be negotiated quickly and for unification of capitalist west germany and socialist east germany to go ahead quickly.
following sir syed ahmed khan, all the muslim professors and students wore sherwani.	following sir syed ahmed khan, all the professors and students wore sherwani.
after the french government of ptain was dissolved, the so-called free french forces contested the legality of the government based at vichy and they voided most of its acts.	after the french government of ptain was dissolved, the free french forces contested the legality of the government based at vichy and they voided most of its acts.
is a prestigious theater company in san francisco, california, that offers both contemporary and classical theater productions and a wide range of classes.	is a theater company in san francisco, california, that offers both contemporary and classical theater productions and a wide range of classes.
in 1872 he took command of the batna subdivision of algeria, and commanded an expedition against el golea, surmounting great difficulties in a rapid march across the desert, and inflicting severe chastisement on the revolting tribes.	in 1872 he took command of the batna subdivision of algeria, and commanded an expedition against el golea, surmounting great difficulties in a rapid march across the desert, and inflicting severe defeats on the revolting tribes.
he is best known for his book with kate pickett the spirit level, first published in 2009, which shows that societies with more equal distribution of incomes have better health, fewer social problems such as violence, drug abuse, teenage births, mental illness, obesity, and others, and are more cohesive than ones in which the gap between the rich and poor is greater.	he is best known for his book with kate pickett the spirit level, first published in 2009, which argues that societies with more equal distribution of incomes have better health, fewer social problems such as violence, drug abuse, teenage births, mental illness, obesity, and others, and are more cohesive than ones in which the gap between the rich and poor is greater.
a word that refers to a voluptuous buttocks	a word that refers to a very large buttocks
"the crown council of house of karadjordjevic, a former royal family of serbia and yugoslavia, rejected kosovo's unilateral declaration of independence, saying that: ""europe had diminished its own morale, embarrassed its own history and shown that it carries within its organism the virus of its own downfall,"" and that ""it is a defeat of the idea of democracy a defeat of the universally accepted rules of international law,"" and that a ""part of the project of mussolini and hitler has finally been accomplished, in the territory of serbia""."	"the crown council of house of karadjordjevic, a former royal family of serbia and yugoslavia, rejected kosovo's declaration of independence, saying that: ""europe had diminished its own morale, embarrassed its own history and shown that it carries within its organism the virus of its own downfall,"" and that ""it is a defeat of the idea of democracy a defeat of the universally accepted rules of international law,"" and that a ""part of the project of mussolini and hitler has finally been accomplished, in the territory of serbia""."
the island is often mistakenly said to be part of the british isles.	the island is often said to be part of the british isles.
abdullah calan, kurdish terrorist leader and founder of the kurdistan workers party	abdullah calan, kurdish opposition leader and founder of the kurdistan workers party
for example lynn notes that while africans living in africa average iq 67, african americans living in the southern united states (where european admixture is very low) average iq 80. lynn believes the latter figure represents their genotypic intelligence, while the iqs in africa are stunted by malnutrition.	for example lynn argues that while africans living in africa average iq 67, african americans living in the southern united states (where european admixture is very low) average iq 80. lynn believes the latter figure represents their genotypic intelligence, while the iqs in africa are stunted by malnutrition.
following anton lavey, and ultimately based on a drawing by french nobleman and occultist stanislas de guaita (la clef de la magie noire, 1897), the so-called sigil of baphomet, a pentagram with two points up inscribed in a double circle with the head of a goat inside the pentagram is the copyrighted logo of the church of satan.	following anton lavey, and ultimately based on a drawing by french nobleman and occultist stanislas de guaita (la clef de la magie noire, 1897), the sigil of baphomet, a pentagram with two points up inscribed in a double circle with the head of a goat inside the pentagram is the copyrighted logo of the church of satan.
the volunteer-run sandisfield times has been published 11 times a year since 2009. today the picturesque town is mostly rural, with some of the least densely populated parts of the state.	the volunteer-run sandisfield times has been published 11 times a year since 2009. today the town is mostly rural, with some of the least densely populated parts of the state.
iphone 7 ships with ios 10 pre-installed.	iphone 7 is supplied with ios 10 pre-installed.
with the u.s. invasion of afghanistan some hawkish lawyers in the justice department's office of legal aid and in the office of white house counsel alberto gonzales advised president bush that he did not have to comply with the geneva conventions in handling detainees in the war on terror.	with the u.s. invasion of afghanistan some lawyers in the justice department's office of legal aid and in the office of white house counsel alberto gonzales advised president bush that he did not have to comply with the geneva conventions in handling detainees in the war on terror.
v madhusoodanan nair is a famous malayalam poet from kerala, india, who was partly responsible for renewal and popularizing of poetry to the masses through recitation.	v madhusoodanan nair is a malayalam poet from kerala, india, who was partly responsible for renewal and popularizing of poetry to the masses through recitation.
deena kastor of the united states ran a conservative race to come through for a tearful bronze.	deena kastor of the united states ran a conservative race to come through for a bronze.
it was also subject to vociferous criticism from melody maker in the united kingdom, mainly by simon reynolds and david stubbs.	it was also subject to criticism from melody maker in the united kingdom, mainly by simon reynolds and david stubbs.
hate me now is a 1999 hit hip hop single by rapper nas featuring puff daddy.	hate me now is a 1999 hip hop single by rapper nas featuring puff daddy.
despite the mostly negative reception to his ideas, some experts have made observations similar to watkins's.	despite the mostly negative reception to his ideas, some writers have made observations similar to watkins's.
"also featured are drag diva personality lady clover honey, actor and filmmaker fred anguera, comedienne marianne schaberg, performance artist robin cloud, and attorney and self-described ""fag-hag"" stephanie butler and comic michele balan who went on to achieve network fame as a top contestant on nbc's ""last comic standing""."	"also featured are drag diva personality lady clover honey, actor and filmmaker fred anguera, comedian marianne schaberg, performance artist robin cloud, and attorney and self-described ""fag-hag"" stephanie butler and comic michele balan who went on to achieve network fame as a top contestant on nbc's ""last comic standing""."
"in an appearance on jon stewart's daily show she announced her endorsement of john kerry by rationalizing that ""when your house is burning down, you don't worry about the remodeling."""	"in an appearance on jon stewart's daily show she announced her endorsement of john kerry by saying that ""when your house is burning down, you don't worry about the remodeling."""
"the wretched abbreviation cincus, pronounced ""sink us"", was used for commander-in-chief, united states fleet."	"the abbreviation cincus, pronounced ""sink us"", was used for commander-in-chief, united states fleet."
the team made its world cup debut in 1995, when the newly democratic south africa hosted the tournament.	the team made its world cup debut in 1995, when the newly racially integrated south africa hosted the tournament.
while working as a clown, he met his wife, roberta ballantine, a graduate of pomona college who left california immediately after receiving her ba to go to ny where she worked as an actress and comedienne before being hired by rbbb as the slender snow queen who rode about the tent in the payoff float, a horse-drawn carriage with prince paul, the midget king.	while working as a clown, he met his wife, roberta ballantine, a graduate of pomona college who left california immediately after receiving her ba to go to ny where she worked as an actress and comedian before being hired by rbbb as the slender snow queen who rode about the tent in the payoff float, a horse-drawn carriage with prince paul, the midget king.
shingo francis (artist, son of renowned artist sam francis)	shingo francis (artist, son of artist sam francis)
however, some researchers continue to argue that the evidence is inconclusive, and that mesosomes might not be artefacts.	however, a few researchers continue to argue that the evidence is inconclusive, and that mesosomes might not be artefacts.
she graduated from the national school of drama in 1969 with a three year diploma in acting and also worked worked with the nsd repertory company for some time.	she graduated from the national school of drama in 1969 with a three year diploma in acting and also worked with the nsd repertory company for some time.
the village has a fantastic snack bar adjacent to the ferry slipway, a shop, post office, restaurant, hotel, social club and marina.	the village has a snack bar adjacent to the ferry slipway, a shop, post office, restaurant, hotel, social club and marina.
august and september 2004 were particularly violent, resulting in the tragic loss of cpl marc taylor reme and gunner david lawrence in a improvised explosive device/rocket-propelled grenade attack on their convoy.	august and september 2004 were particularly violent, resulting in the loss of cpl marc taylor reme and gunner david lawrence in a improvised explosive device/rocket-propelled grenade attack on their convoy.
juventus came close to adding to its remarkable collection of league titles, but in the end, a controversial refereeing decision denied them the title.	juventus came close to adding to its collection of league titles, but in the end, a controversial refereeing decision denied them the title.
"names of god in "" other religions"""	"names of god in "" joke religions"""
"the album, which carries a less-than-flattering picture of tiffany from her 1980s glory days, contains several updated versions of songs from her debut album, and also features her take on songs like ""voices carry"", ""kids in america"", ""venus"", and more."	"the album, which carries a picture of tiffany from her 1980s glory days, contains several updated versions of songs from her debut album, and also features her take on songs like ""voices carry"", ""kids in america"", ""venus"", and more."
"she also dubiously maintained that, unlike the films in which schwarzenegger and reagan starred, her films are about ""love."""	"she also maintained that, unlike the films in which schwarzenegger and reagan starred, her films are about ""love."""
since jurgenson's report, thousands of addled people all over the world have attempted to replicate the spirit voices phenomenon, claiming success in many cases.	since jurgenson's report, thousands of people all over the world have attempted to replicate the spirit voices phenomenon, claiming success in many cases.
he came to greece for the first time at the age of eight when his entire family returned to herso, a small village near the greek - fyrom border.	he came to greece for the first time at the age of eight when his entire family returned to herso, a small village near the greek - macedonian border.
nevertheless, some fatal accidents resulted in product liability law suits brought against porsche in the us, where ralph nader had made his name slandering the rear engine-rear wheel drive layout of the chevrolet corvair.	nevertheless, some fatal accidents resulted in product liability law suits brought against porsche in the us, where ralph nader had made his name criticizing the rear engine-rear wheel drive layout of the chevrolet corvair.
cameron alborzian, former supermodel .	cameron alborzian, former model .
william aloysius keane (october 5, 1922  november 8, 2011), better known as bil keane, was an american cartoonist most notable for his work on the long-running newspaper comic the family circus.	william aloysius keane (october 5, 1922  november 8, 2011), better known as bil keane, was an american cartoonist most notable for his work on the newspaper comic the family circus.
adobe imageready (as of cs2) is known to create obsolete legacy code in its html generator instead of current w3c-validated code using css for positioning.	adobe imageready (as of cs2) is known to create deprecated legacy code in its html generator instead of current w3c-validated code using css for positioning.
unfortunately, some of your edits have not conformed to wikipedia's npov policy, and have been reverted.	unfortunately, some of your edits have not conformed to wikipedia's neutral point of view policy, and have been reverted.
kudu is also an alternate spelling for kuzu , japanese for the weed kudzu.	kudu is also an alternate spelling for kuzu , japanese for the plant kudzu .
anders fogh rasmussen standing to lose the next election the the social-democrats.	anders fjog rasmussen standing to lose the next election the the social-democrats.
la gruta profunda is a cave located in the malpais, a few kilometers from town, and is surrounded by breathtaking canyons, and has within it the tapn sifn, a deep pool of beautiful blue-green water.	la gruta profunda is a cave located in the malpais, a few kilometers from town, and is surrounded by canyons, and has within it the tapn sifn, a deep pool of beautiful blue-green water.
elizabeth 'betty' rubble (ne mcbricker) is a fictional character in the popular television animated series the flintstones and its spin-offs and live-action motion pictures.	elizabeth 'betty' rubble (ne mcbricker) is a fictional character in the television animated series the flintstones and its spin-offs and live-action motion pictures.
he also wrote a fascinating book on the legendary 1935 sydney murders known as the shark arm case.	he also wrote a book on the legendary 1935 sydney murders known as the shark arm case.
ernandes played some good games for vitria in 2009 and in 2010 arrived in cear, but had passed by the club in 2007. he also spent time on trial in norway.	ernandes played some games for vitria in 2009 and in 2010 arrived in cear, but had passed by the club in 2007. he also spent time on trial in norway.
on march 19th the bouterse administration shockingly proposed a law, which in effect would grant amnesty for the suspects in the december murders, including including main suspect president desi bouterse .	on march 19th the bouterse administration proposed a law, which in effect would grant amnesty for the suspects in the december murders, including including main suspect president desi bouterse .
sher mohammad was the first baloch who gave the baloch armed struggle a new shape by following the tactics of terrorist guerrilla warfare, against the government.	sher mohammad was the first baloch who gave the baloch armed struggle a new shape by following the tactics of modern guerrilla warfare, against the government.
is a popular japanese train simulation game series produced by taito.	is a japanese train simulation game series produced by taito.
(1982-), comedienne	(1982-), comedian
sally hardesty (marilyn burns) and her wheelchair- bound brother franklin (paul a. partain) travel with three friends to a cemetery holding the grave of hardestys' grandfather.	sally hardesty (marilyn burns) and her wheelchair- using brother franklin (paul a. partain) travel with three friends to a cemetery holding the grave of hardestys' grandfather.
"mate (, ; sometimes erroneously hypercorrected as mat in english, but never in spanish or portuguese), also known as yerba mate, chimarro or cimarrn , is a traditional south american caffeine-rich infused drink, particularly in argentina (where it is defined by law as the ""national infusion""), uruguay, paraguay, the bolivian chaco and southern brazil, and in southern chile."	"mate (, ; sometimes hypercorrected as mat in english, but never in spanish or portuguese), also known as yerba mate, chimarro or cimarrn , is a traditional south american caffeine-rich infused drink, particularly in argentina (where it is defined by law as the ""national infusion""), uruguay, paraguay, the bolivian chaco and southern brazil, and in southern chile."
this article is based of the hit video game.	this article is based of the video game.
both operations also involved croatian home guard troops and are associated with what is known as the second enemy offensive in yugoslav history .	both operations also involved croatian home guard troops and are associated with what is known as the second enemy offensive in yugoslav historiography .
in the late third century ad, the christian apologist lactantius invented and exaggerated stories about pagans engaging in acts of immorality and cruelty, while the anti-christian writer porphyry invented similar stories about christians.	in the late third century ad, the christian writer lactantius invented and exaggerated stories about pagans engaging in acts of immorality and cruelty, while the anti-christian writer porphyry invented similar stories about christians.
episiotomies were in 1995 still surprisingly common in japan: in the hospital the rate for primiparas was 88% and 41% for multiparas.	episiotomies were in 1995 still common in japan: in the hospital the rate for primiparas was 88% and 41% for multiparas.
lively has claimed that he will endorse the bill if the death penalty is removed.	lively has stated that he will endorse the bill if the death penalty is removed.
joel goodman is an emmy-winning american film composer, music business entrepreneur and educator.	joel goodman is an american film composer, music business entrepreneur and educator.
the windsors tells the story of the much-loved british royal family but re-imagined through the lens of a soap opera.	the windsors tells the story of the british royal family but re-imagined through the lens of a soap opera.
for example, many people have experienced hallucinations , and some have even found inspiration or religious revelation in them.	for example, many people have experienced visions of some kind , and some have even found inspiration or religious revelation in them.
the achaemenid empire , also called the , was an empire based in western asia, founded by cyrus the great, notable for embracing various civilizations and becoming the largest empire of ancient history, spanning at its maximum extent from the balkans and eastern europe proper in the west, to the indus valley in the east.	the achaemenid empire , also called the , was an empire based in western asia, founded by cyrus the great, notable for including various civilizations and becoming the largest empire of ancient history, spanning at its maximum extent from the balkans and eastern europe proper in the west, to the indus valley in the east.
the town was the site of a small concentration camp for children during world war ii.	the town was the site of a concentration camp for children during world war ii.
as three raf helicopters fly to evacuate the british royal family, they enter the eye of a massive hurricane-like superstorm, that causes a temperature drop below that freezes their fuel lines and rotors, causing them to crash.	as three raf helicopters fly to evacuate the commonwealth realms' royal family , they enter the eye of a massive hurricane-like superstorm, that causes a temperature drop below that freezes their fuel lines and rotors, causing them to crash.
latham captured national attention and, initially, high levels of public approval with his innovative policies and unconventional approach, but also attracted controversy surrounding his colourful past.	latham captured national attention and, initially, high levels of public approval with his policies and unconventional approach, but also attracted controversy surrounding his colourful past.
a 1968 graduate of the u.s. naval academy, webb served as a marine corps infantry officer until 1972, and is a highly decorated vietnam war combat veteran.	a 1968 graduate of the u.s. naval academy, webb served as a marine corps infantry officer until 1972, and is a decorated vietnam war combat veteran.
he is supported strongly by the mass resistance hate group.	he is supported strongly by the mass resistance activism group.
kallatty falls located from theppakadu, is a beautiful falls with a breathtaking view.	kallatty falls located from theppakadu, is a beautiful falls with a scenic view.
having liberated the area from nazi germany, the red army soldiers often treated the territory not as that of a polish ally, but as that of a defeated enemy.	having seized the area from nazi germany, the red army soldiers often treated the territory not as that of a polish ally, but as that of a defeated enemy.
"a provision was made to allow the rural resident to buy ""temporary urban residency permits"" so he could work legally within the cities."	"a provision was made to allow the rural resident to buy ""temporary urban residency permits"" so the resident could work legally within the cities."
this was criticized by matthew sinclair of the taxpayers' alliance and barbara crook of the palestine media watch, who claim that the money will be used to promote terrorism and teach palestinians to hate non-muslims and oppose the existence of israel.	this was criticized by matthew sinclair of the taxpayers' alliance and barbara crook of the pro-israel palestinian media watch, who claim that the money will be used to promote terrorism and teach palestinians to hate non-muslims and oppose the existence of israel.
"on april 18, 2006 the free michael shields campaign received a boost when the documentary ""the forgotten fan"" was aired on itv — a popular british television channel."	"on april 18, 2006 the free michael shields campaign received a boost when the documentary ""the forgotten fan"" was aired on itv — a british television channel."
kukla, fran and olliekukla, fran and ollie was an early television show using creepy puppets, originally created for children but soon watched by more adults than children.	kukla, fran and olliekukla, fran and ollie was an early television show using puppets, originally created for children but soon watched by more adults than children.
yuri (born yuridia valenzuela-canseco, 6 january 1964) is a famous mexican singer, actress and tv host.	yuri (born yuridia valenzuela-canseco, 6 january 1964) is a mexican singer, actress and tv host.
callaghan sank at 02:35, 28 july 1945, with the loss of 47 members of her valiant crew.	callaghan sank at 02:35, 28 july 1945, with the loss of 47 members of her crew.
this is best represented by his only animation work in the past fifteen years (the concert scene in macross plus) and his infamous short film noiseman sound insect.	this is best represented by his only animation work in the past fifteen years (the concert scene in macross plus) and his short film noiseman sound insect.
it is always suggested to use a weak base to neutralize any acid spills, such as soda or egg wite .	it is always suggested to use a weak base to neutralize any acid spills, such as soda or egg white .
"the dialect of this town which acquired the name ""melting pot"" became ""waray-waray"" from the samar immigrants."	"the language of this town which acquired the name ""melting pot"" became ""waray-waray"" from the samar immigrants."
degan died of wounds sustained when citizens rightly returned fire on their unknown assailants.	degan died of wounds sustained when citizens returned fire on their unknown assailants.
martha sleeper (june 24, 1910 – march 25, 1983) was a silent film comedienne of the 1920s and broadway and film actress of the 1940s.	martha sleeper (june 24, 1910 – march 25, 1983) was a silent film comedian of the 1920s and broadway and film actress of the 1940s.
the attack led to violent protests by turks in several german cities and to large demonstrations of germans expressing solidarity with the turkish victims.	the attack led to protests by turks in several german cities and to large demonstrations of germans expressing solidarity with the turkish victims.
"former wehrmacht general hans guderian endorsed waffen-ss troops in a foreword and praised them as ""the first realization of the european idea""."	"former wehrmacht general hans guderian endorsed waffen-ss troops in a foreword and referred to them as ""the first realization of the european idea""."
heather menzies-urich (december 3, 1949  december 24, 2017) was a canadian-american model and actress, best known for her roles as louisa von trapp in the 1965 film the sound of music and jessica 6 in the tv series logan's run.	heather menzies-urich (december 3, 1949  december 24, 2017) was a canadian-american model and actress, known for her roles as louisa von trapp in the 1965 film the sound of music and jessica 6 in the tv series logan's run.
it was, and is, unbelieveably common among apocalyptic and industrial groups to cite this book as a major influence; among their ranks are coil, current 93, nurse with wound and throbbing gristle.	it was, and is, common among apocalyptic and industrial groups to cite this book as a major influence; among their ranks are coil, current 93, nurse with wound and throbbing gristle.
when truman first took office, he was initially preoccupied with foreign policy: the allied conference in potsdam, the conclusion of the war in europe, and then in august, with the poor decision to drop atomic bombs on hiroshima and nagasaki, japan.	when truman first took office, he was initially preoccupied with foreign policy: the allied conference in potsdam, the conclusion of the war in europe, and then in august, with the decision to drop atomic bombs on hiroshima and nagasaki, japan.
he then seemed to change his tune .	he then seemed to change his positions .
the southwestern statistical region is one of eight arbitrary statistical regions in the republic of macedonia.	the southwestern statistical region is one of eight statistical regions in the republic of macedonia.
beginning with the vietnam war doubts began to be raised about the ability of the 700+ strong kc-135 fleet to meet the needs of the united states global ambitions .	beginning with the vietnam war doubts began to be raised about the ability of the 700+ strong kc-135 fleet to meet the needs of the united states global commitments .
the majority of cadavers available were older caucasian adults who had died non-violent deaths; they did not represent a demographic cross-section of accident victims.	the majority of cadavers available were older white adults who had died non-violent deaths; they did not represent a demographic cross-section of accident victims.
sadly the latest patch did not cure all that ails socom: confrontation.	the latest patch did not cure all that ails socom: confrontation.
the roots approach to music emphasizes the diversity of our musical traditions, the genealogy of creative lineages and communities, and the innovative contributions of musicians working in these traditions today.	the roots approach to music emphasizes the diversity of american musical traditions, the genealogy of creative lineages and communities, and the innovative contributions of musicians working in these traditions today.
annual average precipitation across the state ranges from around in the southeast to just in the northwest.	annual average precipitation across the state ranges from around in the southeast to in the northwest.
according to the russian critics, his masterly interpretations of hamlet and othello put adamian's name among the best tragedians of the world .	according to the russian critics, his interpretations of hamlet and othello put adamian's name among the best tragedians of the world .
when it finally debuted in february 2004, wonderfalls received rave reviews from critics, but had trouble attracting viewers, with some dismissing the series as a ripoff of the now-popular joan of arcadia even though the two shows were created and produced at the same time.	when it finally debuted in february 2004, wonderfalls received positive reviews from critics, but had trouble attracting viewers, with some dismissing the series as a ripoff of the now-popular joan of arcadia even though the two shows were created and produced at the same time.
the united states' stated casus belli for its 2003 invasion of iraq was saddam hussein's alleged non-compliance with the terms of cease fire for the 1990 - 1991 gulf war.	the united states' stated casus belli for its 2003 invasion of iraq was saddam hussein's non-compliance with the terms of cease fire for the 1990 - 1991 gulf war.
tragically , delgado was killed in a car accident in turkey on june 18 1973, while on his way to shoot footage for the french comedy the bell of tibet.	however , delgado was killed in a car accident in turkey on june 18 1973, while on his way to shoot footage for the french comedy the bell of tibet.
drew shiller , 2005 - usf and stanford university basketball star	drew shiller, 2005 - usf and stanford university basketball player
there has been criticism of these budget cuts, as military spending has been reduced to only 1.4% of gdp; many argue that these cuts have hindered modernization of the canadian forces.	there has been criticism of these budget cuts, as military spending has been reduced to 1.4% of gdp; many argue that these cuts have hindered modernization of the canadian forces.
in 2003 the mpaa announced that they would be ceasing distribution of screeners to academy members, citing fears of piracy .	in 2003 the mpaa announced that they would be ceasing distribution of screeners to academy members, citing fears of copyright infringement.
her film-maker mother, bonnie, won fame with her ground-breaking anti-pornography film, not a love story .	her film-maker mother, bonnie, won fame with her anti-pornography film, not a love story .
altaic is a proposed language family that includes 66 languages spoken by about 348 million people, mostly in and around central asia, northeast asia, the caucasus, and asia minor.	altaic is a language family that includes 66 languages spoken by about 348 million people, mostly in and around central asia, northeast asia, the caucasus, and asia minor.
haynes claimed that the number of deaths caused by the war is unknown since among the deaths by natural causes some would have died peacefully.	haynes maintained that the number of deaths caused by the war is unknown since among the deaths by natural causes some would have died peacefully.
sir (maurice) victor blank ma frcog is a very prominent british businessman.	sir (maurice) victor blank ma frcog is a prominent british businessman.
janssen played a pivotal role in his first international start, a 1-2 win against england on 29 march 2016, scoring his first senior international goal, and providing an assist.	he made his debut on 25 march 2016 against france, and played a pivotal role in his first international start, a 1-2 win against england on 29 march 2016, scoring his first senior international goal, and providing an assist.
whitton is a leafy suburban area in the northwest corner of london borough of richmond upon thames, england.	whitton is a suburban area in the northwest corner of london borough of richmond upon thames, england.
plotinus argued that since the fixed stars are much more distant than the planets, it is laughable to imagine the planets' effect on mankind should depend on their position with respect to the zodiac.	plotinus argued that since the fixed stars are much more distant than the planets, it is laughable to imagine the planets' effect on humankind should depend on their position with respect to the zodiac.
william cheung (, cheung cheuk hing in pinyin) (born 1940) is a famous wing chun kung fu practitioner and currently the grandmaster of his lineage of wing chun, entitled traditional wing chun (twc).	william cheung (, cheung cheuk hing in pinyin) (born 1940) is a wing chun kung fu practitioner and currently the grandmaster of his lineage of wing chun, entitled traditional wing chun (twc).
since that time our duties and mandates have evolved.	since that time their duties and mandates have evolved.
"other omissions and inaccuracies are listed in articles such as ""what black hawk down left out"" in slate , which argues among other things that the somalis who engaged the american soldiers that day believed themselves to be acting justly in response to disproportionate and imagined cruel american and international military tactics against them."	"other omissions and inaccuracies are listed in articles such as ""what black hawk down left out"" in slate , which argues among other things that the somalis who engaged the american soldiers that day believed themselves to be acting justly in response to disproportionate and perceived cruel american and international military tactics against them."
she strongly opposes gun control.	she opposes gun control.
nikolai glushkov, another known anti-putin dissident who was murdered in london a week after this incident	nikolai glushkov, another known fugitive and dissident who was murdered in london a week after this incident
sherley, an african-american, is one of only 23 black professors at mit.	sherley, an african-american, is one of 23 black professors at mit.
this publishing house made moodys vision real by publishing inexpensive books to reach a larger audience of christians and non-christians.	this publishing house made moodys vision real by publishing books to reach a larger audience of christians and non-christians.
running free (live) was the first single from the legendary live iron maiden album live after death.	running free (live) was the first single from the live iron maiden album live after death.
"off the eaten path: second helpings (time inc. 2013) is the sequel to his first successful ""off the eaten path,"" a collection of his 75 favorite restaurants and 150 of their most famous recipes from the american south."	"off the eaten path: second helpings (time inc. 2013) is the sequel to his first cookbook, ""off the eaten path,"" a collection of his 75 favorite restaurants and 150 of their most famous recipes from the american south."
honoratus's reputation for sanctity throughout the south-eastern portion of gaul was such that in 426 after the assassination of patroclus of arles, archbishop of arles, he was summoned from his solitude to succeed to the government of the diocese, which the arian and manichaean heresies had greatly disturbed.	honoratus's reputation for sanctity throughout the south-eastern portion of gaul was such that in 426 after the assassination of patroclus of arles, archbishop of arles, he was summoned from his solitude to succeed to the government of the diocese, which the arian and manichaean beliefs had greatly disturbed.
to deter arab terrorism and to frighten the arab population into leaving, he advocated jewish pressure:	to deter arab political violence and to frighten the arab population into leaving, he advocated jewish pressure:
hdsa annually hosts a summer camp with over 1000 people – the largest in the southern hemisphere – at their magnificent campsite in onrus outside cape town.	hdsa annually hosts a summer camp with over 1000 people – the largest in the southern hemisphere – at their campsite in onrus outside cape town.
cibulkov reached the semifinals by beating johanna konta 7-6(6), 7-5; australian wildcard kimberly birrell 6-1, 6-0; and qualifier kiki bertens 7-5, 6-3. in the semifinals, cibulkov lost to eugenie bouchard 6-1, 4-6, 6-4. at the 2016 australian open, cibulkov lost sadly in the 1st round to 28th seed kristina mladenovic 6-3, 6-4 thus failing to defend her quarterfinal points from last year.	cibulkov reached the semifinals by beating johanna konta 7-6(6), 7-5; australian wildcard kimberly birrell 6-1, 6-0; and qualifier kiki bertens 7-5, 6-3. in the semifinals, cibulkov lost to eugenie bouchard 6-1, 4-6, 6-4. at the 2016 australian open, cibulkov lost in the 1st round to 28th seed kristina mladenovic 6-3, 6-4 thus failing to defend her quarterfinal points from last year.
an article in the guardian criticized the oblivious world view expressed in an agenda published by the bilderberg group.	an article in the guardian criticized the world view expressed in an agenda published by the bilderberg group.
usurpers were a common feature of the late roman empire, especially from the so-called crisis of the third century onwards, when political instability became the rule.	usurpers were a common feature of the late roman empire, especially from the crisis of the third century onwards, when political instability became the rule.
station facilities here were improved in summer 2012 as part of the successful tees valley metro project.	station facilities here were improved in summer 2012 as part of the tees valley metro project.
"the germans responded by creating a ""flak lane"" of over 150 of the dreaded flakvierling ""quadmount"" 20 mm (.79 in) aa batteries at rheine-hopsten, to protect the approaches."	"the germans responded by creating a ""flak lane"" of over 150 of the flakvierling ""quadmount"" 20 mm (.79 in) aa batteries at rheine-hopsten, to protect the approaches."
kucinich continues to energetically promote and lobby for this legislation.	kucinich continues to actively promote and lobby for this legislation.
she grew up in goleta, california, with her roman catholic family, and graduated from dos pueblos high school in 1968 in the top 10 percent of her class and was even the student body treasurer of her high school.	she grew up in goleta, california, with her roman catholic family, and graduated from dos pueblos high school in 1968 in the top 10 percent of her class and was the student body treasurer of her high school.
"when a german u-boat sank the british liner lusitania in 1915, with 128 americans aboard, wilson said, ""america is too proud to fight,"" and demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships."	"when a german u-boat sank the british liner in 1915, with 128 americans aboard, wilson said, ""america is too proud to fight,"" and demanded an end to attacks on passenger ships."
rabia butt (born: 26, february) is a pakistani supermodel and actress.	rabia butt (born: 26, february) is a pakistani model and actress.
he believed that, through these stones, he could translate the plates that are the stated source of the book of mormon.	he said that, through these stones, he could translate the plates that are the stated source of the book of mormon.
the words do what they can do, but the nature of the trinity in its fullness remains beyond our comprehension and expression, a holy mystery that can only be experienced.	the words do what they can do, but the nature of the trinity in its fullness remains beyond man's comprehension and expression, a holy mystery that can only be experienced.
arthur stewart (b. ballymena, county antrim, january 13 1942 was a northern irish international footballer who played with, among others, glentoran, derby county and ballymena united in the 1960s and 1970s.	arthur stewart (b. ballymena, county antrim, january 13 1942 was a northern ireland international footballer who played with, among others, glentoran, derby county and ballymena united in the 1960s and 1970s.
along with charles sanders peirce and john dewey, he is considered to be one of the greatest figures associated with the philosophical school known as pragmatism, and is also cited as one of the founders of functional psychology.	along with charles sanders peirce and john dewey, he is considered to be one of the leading figures associated with the philosophical school known as pragmatism, and is also cited as one of the founders of functional psychology.
since leaving the game, gower has enjoyed a new career as a television personality, becoming one of the team captains on the enormously popular bbc comedy sports quiz, they think it's all over.	since leaving the game, gower has enjoyed a new career as a television personality, becoming one of the team captains on the popular bbc comedy sports quiz, they think it's all over.
terrence mann appears in all four films as an interstellar bounty hunter named ug, as does don keith opper as charlie, an alcoholic who rises to the occasion when called upon to defend mankind .	terrence mann appears in all four films as an interstellar bounty hunter named ug, as does don keith opper as charlie, an alcoholic who rises to the occasion when called upon to defend humanity .
he was commanding officer of operation danny during the controversial conquest of lydda and ramla, when 50,000-70,000 palestinians were fled or expelled from lydda and ramla; several hundred died during the fall of the cities and the subsequent exodus.	he was commanding officer of operation danny during the conquest of lydda and ramla, when 50,000-70,000 palestinians were fled or expelled from lydda and ramla; several hundred died during the fall of the cities and the subsequent exodus.
adobe illustrator was first developed for the apple macintosh in 1986 (shipping in january 1987) as a logical commercialization of adobe's in-house font development software and postscript file format.	adobe illustrator was first developed for the apple macintosh in 1986 (shipping in january 1987) as a commercialization of adobe's in-house font development software and postscript file format.
this disaster , together with the heavy losses incurred during four unsuccessful relief attempts, led indirectly to the austrians suing for peace in 1797. the siege occurred during the war of the first coalition, which is part of the french revolutionary wars.	this eventual surrender , together with the heavy losses incurred during four unsuccessful relief attempts, led indirectly to the austrians suing for peace in 1797. the siege occurred during the war of the first coalition, which is part of the french revolutionary wars.
goodbye solo, the winner of the venice film festivals prestigious fipresci international critics prize, is the latest film from internationally-acclaimed filmmaker ramin bahrani (chop shop, man push cart).	goodbye solo, the winner of the venice film festivals fipresci international critics prize, is the latest film from internationally-acclaimed filmmaker ramin bahrani (chop shop, man push cart).
reed college is a liberal arts college with 1341 students as of the fall of 2004 (45% men and 55% women), located in portland, oregon in the quiet eastmoreland neighborhood.	reed college is a liberal arts college with 1341 students as of the fall of 2004 (45% men and 55% women), located in portland, oregon in the eastmoreland neighborhood.
"the ""lizards,"" as their human antagonists quickly dub them, are extremely surprised that mankind has progressed so far since their probe visited earth."	"the ""lizards,"" as their human antagonists quickly dub them, are extremely surprised that humankind has progressed so far since their probe visited earth."
leary later went on to propose his eight circuit model of consciousness, in which he assumed that the human mind consisted of eight circuits of consciousness.	leary later went on to propose his eight circuit model of consciousness, in which he claimed that the human mind consisted of eight circuits of consciousness.
antiochian greeks, also known as rm, are arabic-speaking greeks from the levant region.	antiochian greeks, also known as rm, are arabic-speaking christians from the levant region.
painkiller is a 1990 gold-certifed album of british heavy metal legends judas priest.	painkiller is a 1990 gold-certifed album of british heavy metal band judas priest.
cronulla has developed a caf culture, with some great cafs and restaurants located along the north cronulla foreshore and cronulla plaza.	cronulla has developed a caf culture, with some cafs and restaurants located along the north cronulla foreshore and cronulla plaza.
jenny eclair (born 16 march 1960) is an english comedienne , novelist and actor, best known for her roles in grumpy old women between 2004 and 2007 and in loose women in 2011 and 2012.	jenny eclair (born 16 march 1960) is an english comedian , novelist and actor, best known for her roles in grumpy old women between 2004 and 2007 and in loose women in 2011 and 2012.
"professor david southall (obe) is a uk pediatrician is a leading expert in fabricated or induced illness (fii, also known as ""munchausen syndrome by proxy""), and who has performed significant research into sudden infant death syndrome."	"professor david southall (obe) is a uk pediatrician is a controversial expert in fabricated or induced illness (fii, also known as ""munchausen syndrome by proxy""), and who has performed significant research into sudden infant death syndrome."
he was best known as the longtime head coach of the university of alabama football team.	he was best known as the head coach of the university of alabama football team.
misdemeanor conviction for document theft	misdemeanor conviction for document removal
"in 2008 punjab chief minister, parkash singh badal (leader of shiromani akali dal) imposed an ""immediate ban"" on kovoor's renowned 'god, demons and spirits', translated into punjabi by megh raj mitter."	"in 2008 punjab chief minister, parkash singh badal (leader of shiromani akali dal) imposed an ""immediate ban"" on kovoor's 'god, demons and spirits', translated into punjabi by megh raj mitter."
he was murdered at the age of 14 by a bomb planted by the provisional irish republican army at donegal bay, along with his maternal grandfather, the 1st earl mountbatten of burma, and paternal grandmother, the dowager baroness brabourne .	he was killed at the age of 14 by a bomb planted by the provisional irish republican army at donegal bay, along with his maternal grandfather, the 1st earl mountbatten of burma, and paternal grandmother, the dowager baroness brabourne .
afdko runs on microsoft windows, gnu/ linux and mac os x.	afdko runs on microsoft windows, linux and mac os x.
"legalism's root word, ""law"" (greek nomos), occurs frequently in the new testament, and sometimes connotes legalism."	"legalism's root word, ""law"" (greek nomos), occurs frequently in the new testament, and sometimes is interpreted as legalism."
these numbers are expected to increase, with casualties expected to reach tens of thousands.	these numbers are expected to increase, with casualties estimated to reach tens of thousands.
a disproportionate number of ethnic jews served in the russian revolutionary leadership before the revolution and for years after.	a number of ethnic jews served in the russian revolutionary leadership before the revolution and for years after.
the program in creative writing, more commonly known as the iowa writers' workshop, at the university of iowa in iowa city, iowa is a prestigious college and graduate-level creative writing program in the united states.	the program in creative writing, more commonly known as the iowa writers' workshop, at the university of iowa in iowa city, iowa is a college and graduate-level creative writing program in the united states.
in the 2004 blockbuster the day after tomorrow he portrayed a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event, alongside dennis quaid as his father.	in the 2004 science-fiction film the day after tomorrow he portrayed a student caught in a cataclysmic global cooling event, alongside dennis quaid as his father.
pro-anorexia websites can offer genuine advice, such as admonishing readers to avoid the use of syrup of ipecac to induce vomiting.	pro-anorexia websites can offer advice, such as admonishing readers to avoid the use of syrup of ipecac to induce vomiting.
he also created the short-lived television series persons unknown.	he also created the 2010 cbs television series persons unknown.
his ethnic background is not clear; though many scholars consider him arab, others consider him persian.	his ethnic background is not clear; though some scholars consider him arab, others consider him persian.
some left-wing academics have described the eurabia concept as an islamophobic conspiracy theory.	some academics have described the eurabia concept as an islamophobic conspiracy theory.
verizon and comcast have been activily lobbying for current changes in the fcc's regulations that require internet service providers to offer all content at one internet speed regardless of the type of content since the early 2000s.	verizon and comcast have been actively lobbying for current changes in the fcc's regulations that require internet service providers to offer all content at one internet speed regardless of the type of content since the early 2000s.
he is also known as a political commentator and for his outspoken advocacy for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.	he is also known as a political commentator and for his advocacy for the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints.
the (jasdf), sometimes erroneously referred to as the japanese air force , is the air warfare branch of the japan self-defense forces, responsible for the defense of japanese airspace and for other aerospace operations.	the (jasdf), sometimes referred to as the japanese air force , is the air warfare branch of the japan self-defense forces, responsible for the defense of japanese airspace and for other aerospace operations.
she is only the second female prime minister of the united kingdom, the first being margaret thatcher.	she is the second female prime minister of the united kingdom, the first being margaret thatcher.
13 ways began as a book, and has since burgeoned into a consulting company and a speaking tour series delivered across north america.	13 ways began as a book, and has since developed into a consulting company and a speaking tour series delivered across north america.
of late there is a annoying trend to combine words according to english rules by writing them in succession.	of late there is a trend to combine words according to english rules by writing them in succession.
a good analysis of the qualities of macmonnies ' nathan hale compared with a lesser sculpture by bela lyon pratt	a good analysis of the qualities of macmonnies ' nathan hale compared with a sculpture by bela lyon pratt
israel's retaliatory /disproportianate strike has thus far encompassed bombing raids, an air and naval blockade of lebanon (especially southern lebanon and beirut), and raids into southern lebanon by ground troops.	israel's retaliatory strike has thus far encompassed bombing raids, an air and naval blockade of lebanon (especially southern lebanon and beirut), and raids into southern lebanon by ground troops.
in the fall of 1997, goldberg began speaking to reporters ( notably michael isikoff of newsweek) about the tapes.	in the fall of 1997, goldberg began speaking to reporters ( including michael isikoff of newsweek) about the tapes.
the station committed to the format by hiring multiple new hosts, humor writer merril markoe, psychologist toni grant and comedienne stephanie miller.	the station committed to the format by hiring multiple new hosts, humor writer merril markoe, psychologist toni grant and comedian stephanie miller.
he is also known for infamously knocking out 49ers quarterback joe montana on a pass in the 1986 divisional playoff game.	he is also known for knocking out 49ers quarterback joe montana on a pass in the 1986 divisional playoff game.
at georgetown university, esposito holds the distinguished position of university professor and teaches as both a professor of religion and international affairs and professor of islamic studies.	at georgetown university, esposito holds the position of university professor and teaches as both a professor of religion and international affairs and professor of islamic studies.
karras is a devout member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church).	karras is a member of the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints (lds church).
"mirroring much of the surrounding racist culture of the american south, while some leaders in the church of christ supported the concepts of civil rights and attempted to operate schools for black members of the church, others either continued in an overtly racist attitude or, while acknowledging the validity of civil-rights-movement ideals of racial equality, either advocated an approach of gradualism or insisted that the church not involve itself with secular ""organized agitation for reform."""	"mirroring much of the surrounding culture of the american south, while some leaders in the church of christ supported the concepts of civil rights and attempted to operate schools for black members of the church, others either continued in an overtly racist attitude or, while acknowledging the validity of civil-rights-movement ideals of racial equality, either advocated an approach of gradualism or insisted that the church not involve itself with secular ""organized agitation for reform."""
the bell curve, a book by richard j. herrnstein and charles murray that linked intelligence to race	the bell curve, a book by richard j. herrnstein and charles murray that argued for a link between intelligence to race
loose @ 5.30 aired at 5.30pm on itv for two weeks from 29 may 2006. this poor teatime spin-off of loose women was a slight twist on the original format; the panel was composed of both men and women for the first time.	loose @ 5.30 aired at 5.30pm on itv for two weeks from 29 may 2006. this teatime spin-off of loose women was a slight twist on the original format; the panel was composed of both men and women for the first time.
it is the capital and a component city of the island paradise of bohol.	it is the capital and a component city of the island of bohol.
the sundanese people are known as optimistic, friendly, polite and cheerful people, but they can be timid and too sensitive emotionally.	the sundanese people are known as optimistic, friendly, polite and cheerful people, but they can be timid and sensitive emotionally.
"he cites evidence that religious zealotry is neither necessary nor sufficient for suicide bombers, and concludes that the book is ""one long argument from professorial incredulity."""	"he cites robert pape that religious zealotry is neither necessary nor sufficient for suicide bombers, and concludes that the book is ""one long argument from professorial incredulity."""
it was director lino brocka's final movie prior to his death in a car accident .	it was director lino brocka's final movie prior to his death in a car crash .
trisquel gnu/linux is a gnu/ linux distribution using a free version of the linux kernel as distributed by the linux-libre project.	trisquel gnu/linux is a linux distribution using a free version of the linux kernel as distributed by the linux-libre project.
these famines still did not remotely approach the incidence of famines of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries under british rule.	these famines still did not approach the incidence of famines of the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries under british rule.
the robert treat paine estate (109 acres), formerly known as stonehurst, is a superb country house designed in collaboration between architect henry hobson richardson and landscape architect frederick law olmsted.	the robert treat paine estate (109 acres), formerly known as stonehurst, is a country house designed in collaboration between architect henry hobson richardson and landscape architect frederick law olmsted.
parapsychology explores this possibility, but the existence of the paranormal is not universally accepted by the scientific community.	parapsychology explores this possibility, but the existence of the paranormal is not accepted by the scientific community.
once back she callously became involved with another man and ended her relationship with kyle.	once back she became involved with another man and ended her relationship with kyle.
terror attacks on gush katif	armed attacks on gush katif
sadly dartmoor railway closed on 18th april 2008, as the parent owning company, ect, decided to pull out of railways.	dartmoor railway closed on 18th april 2008, as the parent owning company, ect, decided to pull out of railways.
mummify was tragically killed in the 2005 caulfield cup, when he broke a bone in his leg, and had to be euthanised.	mummify was killed in the 2005 caulfield cup, when he broke a bone in his leg, and had to be euthanised.
later, star wars: the force awakens reached this gross in just 35 days.	later, star wars: the force awakens reached this gross in 35 days.
christopher columbus (genoa?, 1451 – may 20, 1506, valladolid, spain) was a navigator and maritime explorer who is often credited as the discoverer of the americas.	christopher columbus (genoa?, 1451 – may 20, 1506, valladolid, spain) was a navigator and maritime explorer who is one of several historical figures credited as the discoverer of the americas.
the music of the film saranga is by famous musician zulfiqar ali .	the music of the film saranga is by musician zulfiqar ali.
"the appropriation of the term ""rock"" for music which is the very antithesis of rock and roll infuriates many of rock music's fans, leading to the following observation:"	"the appropriation of the term ""rock"" for music which some consider the very antithesis of rock and roll infuriates many of rock music's fans, leading to the following observation:"
this argument, combined with historical events which are argued to demonstrate the dangers of religion, such as the inquisitions and witch trials, is often used by militant atheists to justify their antireligious views; however, theists have made very similar arguments against atheists based on the state atheism of communist states.	this argument, combined with historical events which are argued to demonstrate the dangers of religion, such as the inquisitions and witch trials, is often used by atheists to justify their antireligious views; however, theists have made very similar arguments against atheists based on the state atheism of communist states.
it is computed from the prices of selected stocks ( typically a weighted average).	it is computed from the prices of selected stocks ( sometimes a weighted average).
he voted with justice john paul stevens the least, only 36% of the time.	he voted with justice john paul stevens the least, 36% of the time.
lnnroth took the history subject to a new level in sweden, he further developed and refined the critical theory of history that his mentor, curt weibull, had introduced.	lnnroth took the history subject to a new level in sweden, he further developed and refined the hypercritical theory of history that his mentor, curt weibull, had introduced.
this religious goal, advanced chiefly by means of the wedge strategy, seeks to establish that life was created as the result of intelligent design.	this goal, advanced chiefly by means of the wedge strategy, seeks to establish that life was created as the result of intelligent design.
the band is known for a string of danish-language pop-rock hits in their catchy , polished style.	the band is known for a string of danish-language pop-rock hits in their radio-friendly , polished style.
henrik ahnberg (born 19 december 1990), better known as admiralbulldog, is a swedish popular streamer and former professional dota 2 player for alliance, with whom he won the international 2013.	henrik ahnberg (born 19 december 1990), better known as admiralbulldog, is a swedish streamer and former professional dota 2 player for alliance, with whom he won the international 2013.
until november 2005, students could buy up to two pints of beer or cider without having to buy food, but then legislation introduced by the labour government came into force which made all boys drinking alcohol to need to buy a meal alongside.	until november 2005, students could buy up to two pints of beer or cider without having to buy food, but then legislation introduced by the government came into force which made all boys drinking alcohol to need to buy a meal alongside.
he sat on the board from 1917 until his passing in 1933.	he sat on the board from 1917 until his death in 1933.
jihadi john is the nickname given by news media to an unidentified member of the islamic state (previously isis or isil) notoriously known for appearing to be the executioner responsible for several beheading incidents in 2014.	jihadi john is the nickname given by news media to an unidentified member of the islamic state (previously isis or isil) known for appearing to be the executioner responsible for several beheading incidents in 2014.
his grandson dov shurin is a famous musician.	his grandson dov shurin is a singer-songwriter and musician.
however , dr. kirkham wood, the head of massachusetts general hospital's orthopedic bone unit, started to remove a third bone spur and didn't finish it.	according to jenks , dr. kirkham wood, the head of massachusetts general hospital's orthopedic bone unit, started to remove a third bone spur and didn't finish it.
in a novel opinion that revisited some of henry george's discredited ideas, it ruled that in new york, a property owner was entitled to a return only on that increment of the property's value that was created by private entrepreneurship, not on the entire property's value.	in a novel opinion that revisited some of henry george's ideas, it ruled that in new york, a property owner was entitled to a return only on that increment of the property's value that was created by private entrepreneurship, not on the entire property's value.
according to the game developers, design inspiration comes from the mix of medieval mediterranean countries.	according to the game developers, design inspiration comes from the mix of medieval middle eastern countries.
gillespie was an adherent of the bah' faith since 1970 until his death.	gillespie was an adherent of the bah' faith from 1970 until his death.
he has served in the senate since 1973 and made his second run for president in 2008 election as a communist .	he has served in the senate since 1973 and made his second run for president in 2008 election as a democrat .
jack mcdevitt (born 1935) is an award-winning american science fiction author whose novels frequently deal with attempts to make contact with alien races, and with archaeology or xenoarchaeology.	jack mcdevitt (born 1935) is an american science fiction author whose novels frequently deal with attempts to make contact with alien races, and with archaeology or xenoarchaeology.
he was eventually caught watching the racy film butterfield 8 and stripped of his prefecture, even though by that time he was head boy.	he was eventually caught watching the x-rated film butterfield 8 and stripped of his prefecture, even though by that time he was head boy.
early in the fight, lindland opened a cut above emelianenko's left eye and clinched with him, pushing him into the corner and seemingly working for a takedown.	early in the fight, lindland opened a cut above emelianenko's left eye and clinched with him, pushing him into the corner and working for a takedown.
carlos latuff is a racist political cartoonist, born in november 30, 1968, in rio de janeiro, brazil.	carlos latuff is a controversial political cartoonist, born in november 30, 1968, in rio de janeiro, brazil.
she was built as a tender to rms olympic and rms titanic.	the vessel was built as a tender to rms olympic and rms titanic.
however, as plastids only appear in relatively advanced groups, others argue the alveolates originally lacked them and possibly the dinoflagellates and apicomplexa acquired them separately.	however, as plastids only appear in relatively derived (as opposed to ancestral) groups, others argue the alveolates originally lacked them and possibly the dinoflagellates and apicomplexa acquired them separately.
adly mahmoud mansour (  ; born 23 december 1945) is an egyptian judge and statesman who is the president (or chief justice) of the supreme constitutional court of egypt.	adly mahmoud mansour (  ; born 23 december 1945) is an egyptian judge and politician who is the president (or chief justice) of the supreme constitutional court of egypt.
{{infobox criminal	{{infobox writer
others, however, in particular ueno, know she only fakes them and call her out to stop doing them, as they only make her seems weak.	others, however, in particular ueno, think she only fakes them and call her out to stop doing them, as they only make her seems weak.
the fdira contains necessary technical and conforming changes to implement deposit insurance reform, as well as a number of study and survey requirements.	the fdira contains technical and conforming changes to implement deposit insurance reform, as well as a number of study and survey requirements.
barry chamish (winnipeg, 1952) is a canadian-israeli ufo and conspiracy reporter .	barry chamish (winnipeg, 1952) is a canadian-israeli ufo and conspiracy theorist .
the village is close to cork airport, as well as picturesque areas such as crosshaven and monkstown.	the village is close to cork airport, as well as tourist areas such as crosshaven and monkstown.
besides a series of significant articles on indian and tibetan art, bartholomew also co-authored, husain, a monograph on m.f.	besides a series of articles on indian and tibetan art, bartholomew also co-authored, husain, a monograph on m.f.
rather than destroying the improvements to restore the natural beauty as was the practice in most parts of the park as it was established between 1924 and 1936, skyland's accommodations were expanded, and are available to visitors today.	rather than destroying the improvements to restore the natural environment as was the practice in most parts of the park as it was established between 1924 and 1936, skyland's accommodations were expanded, and are available to visitors today.
person performing deep-throat fellatio	woman performing deep-throat fellatio
"a 2005 book about world championship wrestling revealed that kellner was the one who really ""killed"" the former powerhouse promotion."	"a 2005 book about world championship wrestling alleged that kellner was the one who really ""killed"" the former powerhouse promotion."
is a nationalist and political movement of jews and jewish culture that supports the reestablishment of a jewish homeland in the territory defined as the historic land of israel.	is a nationalist and political movement of jews and jewish culture that supports the establishment of a jewish homeland in the territory defined as the historic land of israel.
"likewise, the great imam and legal scholar sufyan at-thawri (d. 783 ce) is said to have fled the baths one day, asserting, regarding sexual temptation, that ""if every woman has one devil accompanying her, then a handsome lad has seventeen."""	"likewise, the imam and legal scholar sufyan at-thawri (d. 783 ce) is said to have fled the baths one day, asserting, regarding sexual temptation, that ""if every woman has one devil accompanying her, then a handsome lad has seventeen."""
the race involved pioneering efforts to launch artificial satellites, sub-orbital and orbital human spaceflight around the earth, and manned voyages to the moon.	the race involved pioneering efforts to launch artificial satellites, sub-orbital and orbital human spaceflight around the earth, and piloted voyages to the moon.
with the remarkable exception of south africa, lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights in africa are very limited in comparison to many other areas of the world.	with the exception of south africa, lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (lgbt) rights in africa are very limited in comparison to many other areas of the world.
after a brief comeback in 1998, when all intercityexpress units were temporarily taken out of service after the eschede train disaster, the remaining class 103 units were retired from regular service by 2003. however, on 19 march 2013, these preserved iconic class 103 locomotives returned to daily services from munich, wearing their original inter city livery.	after a brief comeback in 1998, when all intercityexpress units were temporarily taken out of service after the eschede train disaster, the remaining class 103 units were retired from regular service by 2003. however, on 19 march 2013, these preserved class 103 locomotives returned to daily services from munich, wearing their original inter city livery.
each year the foundation provides $3.5 to $4 million in fellowships, grants, and awards for outstanding women and for community action projects.	each year the foundation provides $3.5 to $4 million in fellowships, grants, and awards for women and for community action projects.
in september 1827, joseph jr. allegedly obtained the plates, which joseph sr. testified he felt and lifted while wrapped in cloth.	in september 1827, joseph jr. said he obtained the plates, which joseph sr. testified he felt and lifted while wrapped in cloth.
the three men were executed for the murder of a police officer during an escape that took place close to manchester city centre, england, in 1867.	the three men were executed for the killing of a police officer during an escape that took place close to manchester city centre, england, in 1867.
the team launches its assault on the convoy by parachuting from a plane, but all of the members die during the landing except for wilson and the lucky domino.	the team launches its assault on the convoy by parachuting from a plane, but all of the members die during the landing except for wilson and the luck-altering domino.
parades on the twelfth are often controversial due to the sectarian nature of the orange order, and the twelfth is a tense occasion in many parts of northern ireland, with riot police on duty at flashpoint parades to prevent clashes between the some members of the nationalist community (who oppose the sectarian marches) and some of the unionist community (who claim the marches are an expression of their heritage).	parades on the twelfth are often controversial due to the sectarian nature of the orange order, and the twelfth is a tense occasion in many parts of northern ireland, with riot police on duty at flashpoint parades to prevent clashes between the some members of the nationalist community (who oppose what they see as sectarian marches) and some of the unionist community (who claim the marches are an expression of their heritage).
the late hiking guidebook author ira spring co-founded wta, serving on its board of directors from 1982 until his passing in 2003. wta still publishes a magazine for hikers, now under the name washington trails.	the late hiking guidebook author ira spring co-founded wta, serving on its board of directors from 1982 until his death in 2003. wta still publishes a magazine for hikers, now under the name washington trails.
unfortunately , sales plummeted over the next three years, particularly in competition with rival formats like sacd and dvd-a discs, and dualdisc disappeared from the market by 2009.	however , sales plummeted over the next three years, particularly in competition with rival formats like sacd and dvd-a discs, and dualdisc disappeared from the market by 2009.
"in the late 70's, lanier starred at the ahmanson theatre in los angeles in tennessee williams (thomas lanier williams - a relative), ""night of iguana"" with richard chamberlain, and continues to appear and star in choice theatre and tv/film productions to the present."	"in the late 70's, lanier starred at the ahmanson theatre in los angeles in tennessee williams (thomas lanier williams - a relative), ""night of iguana"" with richard chamberlain, and continues to appear and star in theatre and tv/film productions to the present."
race is a taxonomic principle used to group living things based on common heredity, physical attributes and behavior, where all members belong to the same species yet appear to warrant further classification.	race is a principle used to group living things based on common heredity, physical attributes and behavior, where all members belong to the same species yet appear to warrant further classification.
1910 lady constance lytton disguised herself as a working class criminal , jane wharton, and was arrested and endured force feeding to prove prejudice in prisons against working class women.	1910 lady constance lytton disguised herself as a working class seamstress , jane wharton, and was arrested and endured force feeding to prove prejudice in prisons against working class women.
in stanley kramer's 1960 masterpiece movie inherit the wind, defense attorney henry drummond (spencer tracy) confronts a stubborn witness regarding the age of the earth.	in stanley kramer's 1960 movie inherit the wind, defense attorney henry drummond (spencer tracy) confronts a stubborn witness regarding the age of the earth.
"parcells earned the nickname ""the big tuna"" when he responded to a bogus statement from a player with the incredulous ""who do you think i am?"	"parcells earned the nickname ""the big tuna"" when he responded to a statement from a player with the incredulous ""who do you think i am?"
in christianity, the annunciation (, euaggelisms ts theotkou in greek) is the revelation to mary, the mother of jesus by the archangel gabriel that she would conceive a child to be born the son of god.	in christianity, the annunciation (, euaggelisms ts theotkou in greek) is the revelation to mary, the mother of jesus by the angel gabriel that she would conceive a child to be born the son of god.
the iraqi resistance are the groups and political parties rebelling against the interim government of iraq.	the iraqi resistance are the groups and political parties fighting against the interim government of iraq.
on boxing day 1908 at the stadium, tommy burns lost his heavyweight title against the legendary jack johnson, who was infamously the first african-american to win a world title.	on boxing day 1908 at the stadium, tommy burns lost his heavyweight title against the legendary jack johnson, who was the first african-american to win a world title.
"there's obviously a risk in people taking it,"" the motion (edm796) only received 11 signatures."	"there's obviously a risk in people taking it,"" the motion (edm796) received 11 signatures."
de valera saw the u.s. as a bulwark against invasion from any party, while the u.s. saw the support of britain in the war as the priority, and so while supportive of irish neutrality was sceptical of it extending over the whole island and wanted an arrangement to be made with the uk over ports, possibly through the leasing of them.	de valera saw the u.s. as a bulwark against invasion from any party, while the u.s. saw the support of britain in the war as the priority, and so while supportive of irish neutrality was skeptical of it extending over the whole island and wanted an arrangement to be made with the uk over ports, possibly through the leasing of them.
operation summer rain (, operation summer rains) is the codename for an israeli military operation into the gaza strip that began on june 28, 2006. it is the first landed entrance by a large-scale lsraeli military presence in gaza since israel's unilateral disengagement plan.	operation summer rain (, operation summer rains) is the codename for an israeli military operation into the gaza strip that began on june 28, 2006. it is the first landed entrance by a massive lsraeli military presence in gaza since israel's unilateral disengagement plan.
a loyal company man, tsuburaya continued to work at toho studios until his passing in 1970.	a loyal company man, tsuburaya continued to work at toho studios until his death in 1970.
unfortunately their relationship was short lived as they broke up when seth made it obvious that he truly wanted summer instead and had made the wrong choice.	their relationship was short lived as they broke up when seth made it obvious that he truly wanted summer instead and had made the wrong choice.
"chris wallace (born october 12, 1947) is an american yellow journalist , currently the host of ""fox news sunday with chris wallace."""	"chris wallace (born october 12, 1947) is an american journalist, currently the host of ""fox news sunday with chris wallace."""
the house of yahweh (hoy) is a cult based in abilene, texas or nearby clyde, texas (sources are conflicting).	the house of yahweh (hoy) is a religious group based in abilene, texas or nearby clyde, texas (sources are conflicting).
may irwin (1862-1938), stage comedienne	may irwin (1862-1938), stage comedian
aghadowey is situated in county derry , northern ireland in the bann valley, near kilrea.	aghadowey is situated in county londonderry , northern ireland in the bann valley, near kilrea.
brown's career was cut short in 1936 when he tragically died in a car accident, just as he was poised to break into national stardom.	brown's career was cut short in 1936 when he died in a car accident, just as he was poised to break into national stardom.
gustavo francisco petro urrego, (born 19 april 1960) was a militant of the terrorist group 19th of april movement, which later evolved into the alianza democrtica m-19, a political party in which petro also participated.	gustavo francisco petro urrego, (born 19 april 1960) was a militant of the guerrilla group 19th of april movement, which later evolved into the alianza democrtica m-19, a political party in which petro also participated.
theodore kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american anarchist infamous for his campaign of mail bombings that killed three and wounded 23. he sent bombs to several universities and airlines from the late 1970s through early 1990s.	theodore kaczynski (born may 22, 1942), also known as the unabomber, is an american infamous for his campaign of mail bombings that killed three and wounded 23. he sent bombs to several universities and airlines from the late 1970s through early 1990s.
yazid ibn muawiyah (arabic: ) (c. 645 - 683), was the sixth sunni caliph, and the second of the umayyad dynasty; he succeeded his father muawiyah i. he died suddenly in 683, after only three years of rule.	yazid ibn muawiyah (arabic: ) (c. 645 - 683), was the sixth caliph, and the second of the umayyad dynasty; he succeeded his father muawiyah i. he died suddenly in 683, after only three years of rule.
muliaina retired from the all blacks squad the following day on 10 october 2011 after achieving his 100th test cap and returned on 23 october 2011 to claim his deserved gold medal after the all blacks won the 2011 rugby world cup final.	muliaina retired from the all blacks squad the following day on 10 october 2011 after achieving his 100th test cap and returned on 23 october 2011 to claim his gold medal after the all blacks won the 2011 rugby world cup final.
it also refers to the awareness or knowledge of an 'ultimate reality' which traditional theistic religion has named god and which the buddha referred to as the unconditioned element.	it also refers to the awareness or knowledge of an 'ultimate reality' which traditional theistic religion has named god and which gautama buddha referred to as the unconditioned element.
on may 17, 1873, george grant brought four angus bulls, but unfortunately no cows, to victoria, kansas.	on may 17, 1873, george grant brought four angus bulls, but no cows, to victoria, kansas.
true will is a term found within the mystical system of thelema established in 1904 with aleister crowley's writing of the book of the lawand is defined at times as a person's grand destiny in life and at other times as a moment to moment path of action that operates in perfect harmony with nature.	true will is a term found within the mystical system of thelema adapted from the philosophy of franois rabelais in 1904 with aleister crowley's writing of the book of the lawand is defined at times as a person's grand destiny in life and at other times as a moment to moment path of action that operates in perfect harmony with nature.
"the album was released in europe in january and february 2007, and in the united states in march 2009. in 2009, his stop motion style music video, ""her morning elegance,"" featuring shir shomron a striking israeli born actress/model, achieved significant popularity on youtube, receiving over 10 million views."	"the album was released in europe in january and february 2007, and in the united states in march 2009. in 2009, his stop motion style music video, ""her morning elegance,"" featuring shir shomron a israeli born actress/model, achieved significant popularity on youtube, receiving over 10 million views."
british sensation jessie j cozies up to robin thicke, while cassidy rocks the cdjs in a lime green tuxedo jacket and his signature 1920s boater hat.	british singer jessie j cozies up to robin thicke, while cassidy rocks the cdjs in a lime green tuxedo jacket and his signature 1920s boater hat.
indeed uk, us and many other markets sadly only get ifs versions of the 100 series - and do to this day.	indeed uk, us and many other markets only get ifs versions of the 100 series - and do to this day.
utah-based restaurants, including arctic circle restaurants among others, offer another non-alcoholic variation called lime ricky, with a unique lime flavor and grape syrup along with crushed ice.	utah-based restaurants, including arctic circle restaurants among others, offer another non-alcoholic variation called lime ricky, with a lime flavor and grape syrup along with crushed ice.
at about 32 million light-years away from us it is several times bigger than the milky way.	at about 32 million light-years away from earth it is several times bigger than the milky way.
it is the condition of a neutral power, at war, which holds itself ready to resist by force any aggression of either belligerent.	it is the condition of a neutral power, during said war, which holds itself ready to resist by force any aggression of either belligerent.
before and after the vote several member states and ngos objected that by targeting the resolution solely at israel and failing to condemn hezbollah attacks on israeli civilians, the council risked damaging its credibility.	before and after the vote several member states and ngos objected that by targeting the resolution solely at israel and failing to address hezbollah attacks on israeli civilians, the council risked damaging its credibility.
although not a native english speaker, he also is known for his incisive criticism of the (mis)use of language in american writing, notably in his book paradigms lost: reflections on literacy and its decline, and was one of the guests on the pbs special do you speak american?	although not a native english speaker, he also is known for his criticism of the (mis)use of language in american writing, notably in his book paradigms lost: reflections on literacy and its decline, and was one of the guests on the pbs special do you speak american?
wikileaks spokesman julian assange, in or before 2006	wikileaks spokesperson julian assange, in or before 2006
"the liberal drum major institute gave ferguson an ""f"" on their 2005 congressional scorecard on middle-class issues ."	"the drum major institute gave ferguson an ""f"" on their 2005 congressional scorecard on middle-class issues ."
tali fahima (born 1976) is an israeli woman, of algerian jewish family background, who was tried and convicted for her contacts with zakaria zubeidi, a palestinian terrorist , jenin chief of the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades.	tali fahima (born 1976) is an israeli woman, of algerian jewish family background, who was tried and convicted for her contacts with zakaria zubeidi, a palestinian activist , jenin chief of the al-aqsa martyrs' brigades.
he is highly revered in the religious world, especially in the sephardi and mizrahi communities for his astounding erudition and torah scholarship.	he is highly revered in the religious world, especially in the sephardi and mizrahi communities for his erudition and torah scholarship.
fortunately the serbs were in no position to offer help after their defeat at kalimantsi and constantine was obliged to ask his government to seek an armistice.	the serbs were in no position to offer help after their defeat at kalimantsi and constantine was obliged to ask his government to seek an armistice.
thankfully there were no injuries or deaths from the tornado.	there were no injuries or deaths from the tornado.
against the bottom five (clubs which finished with 8 wins or fewer), carlton had a disappointing record of 42, suffering upset losses against in round 7 and in round 20.	against the bottom five (clubs which finished with 8 wins or fewer), carlton had a record of 42, suffering upset losses against in round 7 and in round 20.
nature, primitive agriculture, and plant breeding have produced various uncommon crops containing anthocyanins, including blue- or red-flesh potatoes and purple or red broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower, carrots, and corn.	nature, traditional agriculture, and plant breeding have produced various uncommon crops containing anthocyanins, including blue- or red-flesh potatoes and purple or red broccoli, cabbage, cauliflower, carrots, and corn.
thus, without the deserved reparations and without the massive marshall plan implemented in the west at that time, poland's postwar recovery was much harder than it could have been.	thus, without the reparations and without the massive marshall plan implemented in the west at that time, poland's postwar recovery was much harder than it could have been.
michael tucker (born february 6, 1945) is an american emmy-nominated actor, author, and producer perhaps best known for his role on the nbc television series, l.a. law.	michael tucker (born february 6, 1945) is an american actor, author, and producer perhaps best known for his role on the nbc television series, l.a. law.
ruth buzzi (born 1936) comedienne , laugh-in	ruth buzzi (born 1936) comedian , laugh-in
"the film is most memorable to some for a nude scene fantasized by stacy's older brother brad (judge reinhold) in which phoebe cates emerges from a swimming pool topless; he masturbates to the mental image until cates accidentally walks in on him, upon which he utters the famous line: ""doesn't anybody ever fucking knock anymore?"""	"the film is most memorable to some for a nude scene fantasized by stacy's older brother brad (judge reinhold) in which phoebe cates emerges from a swimming pool topless; he masturbates to the mental image until cates accidentally walks in on him, upon which he utters the memorable line: ""doesn't anybody ever fucking knock anymore?"""
once a country has industrialized and become wealthy, a combination of government regulation and technological innovation causes air pollution to decline substantially, even as its population continues to grow.	once a country has industrialized and become wealthy, a combination of government regulation and technological innovation may cause air pollution to decline substantially, even as its population continues to grow.
the nazi occupational authorities used the church as a storeroom; during the soviet occupation , the building was confiscated by the government.	the nazi occupational authorities used the church as a storeroom; during the soviet period of lithuanian history , the building was confiscated by the government.
diana furchgott-roth, former chief economist for the u.s. department of labor and a senior fellow at the manhattan institute, mentioned the asset solution as one to be seriously considered when discussing estate tax reform.	diana furchgott-roth, former chief economist for the u.s. department of labor and a senior fellow at the manhattan institute, mentioned the asset solution as one to be considered when discussing estate tax reform.
after the beltway interchange i-70 only runs for another three miles (5 km) before coming to an ignominious end at md 122, having never been completed to its planned terminus at i-95.	after the beltway interchange i-70 only runs for another three miles (5 km) before coming to an end at md 122, having never been completed to its planned terminus at i-95.
after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the united states, border security along the international boundary was dramatically improved by both nations in both populated and rural areas.	after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the united states, border security along the international boundary was dramatically tightened by both nations in both populated and rural areas.
through the 47 visited towns, moore discovers and describes the american economic failings and the fear of unemployment of the american workers.	through the 47 visited towns, moore discovers and describes (alleged) american economic failings and the fear of unemployment of the american workers.
"cricket is now getting more and more popular thanks to irelands incredible cricket world cup campaign in 2007. it has been played in ireland since the early 19th century, and the game against scotland (a match which has first-class status) has been played annually since 1909. the irish team was fairly strong in the mid and late 19th century, and sent several touring parties abroad, but development of the sport was adversely affected first by the gaelic athletic association's ban on its members taking part in ""foreign"" sports and then by the creation of the irish free state; many of the best cricketers in ireland had been british soldiers and civil servants and their withdrawal led to a decline in the overall standard of the game."	"cricket is now getting more and more popular thanks to irelands successful cricket world cup campaign in 2007. it has been played in ireland since the early 19th century, and the game against scotland (a match which has first-class status) has been played annually since 1909. the irish team was fairly strong in the mid and late 19th century, and sent several touring parties abroad, but development of the sport was adversely affected first by the gaelic athletic association's ban on its members taking part in ""foreign"" sports and then by the creation of the irish free state; many of the best cricketers in ireland had been british soldiers and civil servants and their withdrawal led to a decline in the overall standard of the game."
part of army group south, detachment kempf saw action during operation citadel (zitadelle), the german attempt to cut off the kursk salient and crush the large part of the russian army.	part of army group south, detachment kempf saw action during operation citadel (zitadelle), the german attempt to cut off the kursk salient and destroy the large part of the russian army.
nic harcourt --- ( influential american radio personality)	nic harcourt --- (american radio personality)
the series lasted only five issues before cancellation.	the series lasted five issues before cancellation.
"another fascinating aspect of spot-on was the apparent production of gift sets ""on the fly""."	"another aspect of spot-on was the apparent production of gift sets ""on the fly""."
this is a list of characters from the popular webcomic the order of the stick.	this is a list of characters from the webcomic the order of the stick.
ono brought feminism to the forefront through her music which prefigured new wave music (whether she was a direct influence is still debated) and is known for her philanthropic contributions to the arts, peace and aids outreach programs.	ono brought feminism to the forefront in her music which prefigured new wave music (whether she was a direct influence is still debated) and is known for her philanthropic contributions to the arts, peace and aids outreach programs.
"they gained the support of mort abrahams after producing a short film demo which showed that the makeups (initially created by ben nye, sr., not to be confused with the design perfected by john chambers for the actual film) could be convincing enough to not appear funny, as most ""monkey suits"" up to that time had."	"they gained the support of mort abrahams after producing a short film demo which showed that the makeups (initially created by ben nye, sr., not to be confused with the design by john chambers for the actual film) could be convincing enough to not appear funny, as most ""monkey suits"" up to that time had."
otto carius, 92, german wwii tank ace , short, severe illness.	otto carius, 92, german wwii tank commander , short, severe illness.
she is best remembered for her beautiful vocals on the group's billboard hits california dreamin, monday, monday, and words of love, as well as her first hit as an independent act, dream a little dream.	she is best remembered for her vocals on the group's billboard hits california dreamin, monday, monday, and words of love, as well as her first hit as an independent act, dream a little dream.
anti- totalitarian resistances in other countries	anti- communist resistances in other countries
shakespeare authorship roundtable, an examination of the authorship debate, unbiased overview of the major candidates and the group theory, bibliography and forum.	shakespeare authorship roundtable, an examination of the authorship debate, overview of the major candidates and the group theory, bibliography and forum.
"in 2007 living colour re-recorded ""cult of personality"" for the hit game guitar hero 3."	"in 2007 living colour re-recorded ""cult of personality"" for the popular game guitar hero 3 ."
the tanker war and direct u.s. support for iraq	the tanker war and u.s. support for iraq
unfortunately these observations could not be used to provide a warning, since the satellites were not built for that purpose and the data took hours to analyze.	these observations could not be used to provide a warning, since the satellites were not built for that purpose and the data took hours to analyze.
he was the younger brother of manchester united legend jack rowley.	he was the younger brother of manchester united footballer jack rowley.
sommers claimed that the actual number is closer to 100, a figure which others, such as jennifer baumgardner and amy richards, claimed to be much too low.	sommers wrote that the actual number is closer to 100, a figure which others, such as jennifer baumgardner and amy richards, claimed to be much too low.
january 1 - darrent williams, american football player ( murdered ) (b.	january 1 - darrent williams, american football player ( homicide ) (b.
prussian blue is a racist white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee) fraternal twin girls (born june 30, 1992), brought up in the united states.	prussian blue is a racialist white nationalist folk teen duo formed in early 2003 by lynx gaede and lamb gaede (pronounced gay-dee) fraternal twin girls (born june 30, 1992), brought up in the united states.
carib indians and arawak/tanos and their genocide	carib indians and arawak/tanos and their decrease in population
sofia panina was put on trial by the revolutionary tribunal of the petrograd soviet on 10 december 1917 in what was the first political trial staged by the bolsheviks.	sofia panina was put on trial by the revolutionary tribunal of the petrograd soviet on 10 december 1917 in what was the first political trial organised by the bolsheviks.
after his misfortunes of 1801, he asserted the truth of the christian revelation.	after his misfortunes of 1801, he asserted the claims of the christian revelation.
an inhabitant of new south wales is referred to as a new south welshman or, in gender-free language, as a new south welsh person, but this is rarely used.	an inhabitant of new south wales is referred to as a new south welshman or, in gender -neutral language, as a new south welsh person, but this is rarely used.
lindsay messer is a fictional character from the tv series csi: ny.	lindsay monroe is a fictional character from the tv series csi: ny.
a study at st. michael's hospital and the institute for clinical evaluative sciences (ices) in toronto, found that deaths from opioid pain relievers soared from 13.7 deaths per million residents in 1991 to 27.2 deaths per million residents in 2004 .	a study at st. michael's hospital and the institute for clinical evaluative sciences (ices) in toronto, found that deaths from opioid pain relievers doubled from 13.7 deaths per million residents in 1991 to 27.2 deaths per million residents in 2004 .
israel and the united states consider hamas to be a terrorist organization, while the european union considers the group's terrorist wing to be a terrorist group.	israel and the united states consider hamas to be a terrorist organization, while the european union considers the group's armed wing to be a terrorist group.
g. bikshapathy goud was born on may 3, 1943, at karmanghat village, then district of hyderabad, now in andhra pradesh.	g. bikshapathy was born on may 3, 1943, at karmanghat village, then district of hyderabad, now in andhra pradesh.
zero install is a means of distributing and packaging software for multiple operating systems ( gnu/ linux and unix-like, os x, and windows).	zero install is a means of distributing and packaging software for multiple operating systems (linux and unix-like, os x, and windows).
acid + base( akail ) salt + water	acid + base ( alkali ) salt + water
the european union has also condemned the ouster of zelaya.	the european union has also condemned the removal of zelaya.
other classic grindcore groups include assck (florida), sore throat (uk), and brutal truth (new york city).	other seminal grindcore groups include assck (florida), sore throat (uk), and brutal truth (new york city).
book of shadows: blair witch 2 is the sequel to the hit film the blair witch project, directed by joe berlinger.	book of shadows: blair witch 2 is the sequel to the film the blair witch project, directed by joe berlinger.
moreover, while every other member of the family, the stradivari family, nicolo amati, and a peculiarly large number of makers, lived long livesstradivari living and working to age 93, joseph died at only 46. there is thus the possibility that the odd qualities of finish in his later instrumentsironically, those most highly prized and preposterously expensivewere due not only to stress and haste but also to encroaching illness.	moreover, while every other member of the family, the stradivari family, nicolo amati, and a peculiarly large number of makers, lived long livesstradivari living and working to age 93, joseph died at only 46. there is thus the possibility that the odd qualities of finish in his later instrumentsironically, those most highly prized and expensivewere due not only to stress and haste but also to encroaching illness.
women donating their hair to charity organizations such as locks of love usually gather it into a ponytail to cut off above the elastic holder, allowing the hair to be tidily handled as a single whisk.	persons donating their hair to charity organizations such as locks of love usually gather it into a ponytail to cut off above the elastic holder, allowing the hair to be tidily handled as a single whisk.
when china's dictator mao zedong died in 1976, saner voices within the chinese government halted the large scale massacres of tibetans.	when china's leader mao zedong died in 1976, saner voices within the chinese government halted the large scale massacres of tibetans.
its sprawling headquarters and printing plant are located in north san jose next to the nimitz freeway (interstate 880).	its headquarters and printing plant are located in north san jose next to the nimitz freeway (interstate 880).
after enduring a voyage of danger and hardship, it was not uncommon for a few whalemen to desert a ship when it arrived in tahiti or the marquesas and reside, least for a while, in the south sea paradises of polynesia.	after enduring a voyage of danger and hardship, it was not uncommon for a few whalemen to desert a ship when it arrived in tahiti or the marquesas and reside, least for a while, in the south sea islands of polynesia.
on june 8, 2017, it was revealed that a bidding war had begun between netflix, annapurna pictures, focus features, and amazon studios for distribution rights to a film package set to star lucas hedges, joel edgerton, nicole kidman and russell crowe, and be directed and written by edgerton, based on the provocative memoir boy erased.	on june 8, 2017, it was revealed that a bidding war had begun between netflix, annapurna pictures, focus features, and amazon studios for distribution rights to a film package set to star lucas hedges, joel edgerton, nicole kidman and russell crowe, and be directed and written by edgerton, based on the memoir boy erased.
eras is a sans-serif font introduced in 1976 by albert boton (b. april 17, 1932, paris) and albert hollenstein (b. lucerne, 1930; d. 1974).	eras is a sans-serif typeface introduced in 1976 by albert boton (b. april 17, 1932, paris) and albert hollenstein (b. lucerne, 1930; d. 1974).
"however, the video was an attack on gore's movie, with patrick michaels of the conservative cato institute arguing that gore's stance on global warming was wrong while hannity concluded that gore was ""fear-mongering"" and had gone over the top all while the caption ""inconvenient facts"" appeared at the bottom of the screen."	"however, the video was an attack on gore's movie, with patrick michaels of the libertarian cato institute arguing that gore's stance on global warming was wrong while hannity concluded that gore was ""fear-mongering"" and had gone over the top all while the caption ""inconvenient facts"" appeared at the bottom of the screen."
south park is an ultra-controversial animated series created by matt stone and trey parker.	south park is an animated series created by matt stone and trey parker.
wierwille's later books published in the late 19tos and 80s are properly footnoted and credit sources, such as jesus christ is not god, jesus christ our passover, and jesus christ our promised seed, while earlier books , such as power for abundant living, receiving the holy spirit today, and the studies in abundant living series are not.	wierwille's later books published in the late 1970s and 80s are properly footnoted and credit sources, such as jesus christ is not god, jesus christ our passover, and jesus christ our promised seed, while earlier books , such as power for abundant living, receiving the holy spirit today, and the studies in abundant living series are not.
also in the product line are children's books (my fun with words dictionary, explore & learn children's encyclopedia, my books, including shapes, colors, numbers, and words, and the ask me why series) and software (titles include clifford reading, sponge bob typing, math and science programs to help with different grade levels, and college prep including sat and act practice powered by kaplan, inc).	also in the product line are children's books (my fun with words dictionary, explore & learn children's encyclopedia, my books, including shapes, colors, numbers, and words, and the ask me why series) and software (titles include clifford reading, sponge bob typing, math and science programs to help with different grade levels, and college prep including sat and act practice materials by kaplan, inc).
the vague nature of the legislation has resulted in it being used against a wide range sexual behaviour like oral sex (heterosexual and homosexual), sodomy , bestiality, etc.	the vague nature of the legislation has resulted in it being used against a wide range sexual behaviour like oral sex (heterosexual and homosexual), anal intercourse , bestiality, etc.
everything bad & beautiful is the name of a live stage show and album performed/recorded by singer/ comedienne /actress sandra bernhard.	everything bad & beautiful is the name of a live stage show and album performed/recorded by singer/ comedian /actress sandra bernhard.
hague was criticised by israeli leaders after meeting with palestinians who demonstrated against israel's security barrier in the west bank.	hague was criticised by israeli leaders after meeting with palestinians who demonstrated against israel's barrier in the west bank.
(society for cutting up men) and authored the scabrous s.c.u.m.	(society for cutting up men) and authored the s.c.u.m.
william shakespeare (baptised – ) was an english poet and playwright.	william shakeseare (baptised – ) was an english poet and playwright.
mccoys is the 3rd biggest brand in the bagged snacks market, with 5 million packs consumed each week and nearly a third of all uk households enjoying the product.	mccoys is the 3rd biggest brand in the bagged snacks market, with 5 million packs consumed each week and nearly a third of all uk households consuming the product.
search missions attempting to locate the wreck began in 1976. the submarine was finally found during the 13th search mission near the duke of york islands in december 2017.	search missions attempting to locate the wreck began in 1976. the submarine was found during the 13th search mission near the duke of york islands in december 2017.
jigsaw is shown constructing the more menacing billy puppet in saw iii for the purpose of its inclusion in his psychotic 'games'.	jigsaw is shown constructing the more menacing billy puppet in saw iii for the purpose of its inclusion in his 'games'.
it was reported that the film will be shot across exotic locations such as vietnam, cambodia, malaysia and bolivia among many other countries.	it was reported that the film will be shot across locations such as vietnam, cambodia, malaysia and bolivia among many other countries.
while utterly rejecting violence and terrorism mazrui has praised some of the anti-imperialist sentiment that plays an important role in modern islamic fundamentalism.	while rejecting violence and terrorism mazrui has praised some of the anti-imperialist sentiment that plays an important role in modern islamic fundamentalism.
in 1980, with the benefit of ronald w. reagan's north carolina influence, east narrowly defeated incumbent democratic senator robert burren morgan, largely on the strength of controversial political advertising about morgan's involvement with the turnover of the panama canal to the government of panama.	in 1980, with the benefit of ronald w. reagan's north carolina influence, east narrowly defeated incumbent democratic senator robert burren morgan, largely on the strength of political advertising about morgan's involvement with the turnover of the panama canal to the government of panama.
the lace market adjoins hockley village, and both areas now accommodate a variety of fashionable bars, restaurants and shops.	the lace market adjoins hockley village, and both areas now accommodate a variety of bars, restaurants and shops.
yet to be signed into law by the moderate republican governor bruce rauner.	yet to be signed into law by the republican governor bruce rauner.
republican politicians, president trump in particular, have falsely accused democratic politicians of supporting ms-13.	republican politicians, president trump in particular, have accused democratic politicians of supporting ms-13.
obama supports embryonic stem cell research and was a co-sponsor of the 2005 stem cell research enhancement act which was passed by both houses of congress but vetoed by retard president george w. bush.	obama supports embryonic stem cell research and was a co-sponsor of the 2005 stem cell research enhancement act which was passed by both houses of congress but vetoed by president george w. bush.
the beautiful valley of jiboa expands to the northeast and north of the western summit.	the valley of jiboa expands to the northeast and north of the western summit.
another shameful controversy that creates stir among the malaysians, is the the unsuccessful attempt by khairy jamaluddin and abdul azeez abdul rahim to rebrand mat rempits as mat cemerlang.	another controversy that creates stir among the malaysians, is the the unsuccessful attempt by khairy jamaluddin and abdul azeez abdul rahim to rebrand mat rempits as mat cemerlang.
the antidrug.com, a group helping parents to raise drug-free children.	the antidrug.com, a group encouraging parents to raise drug-free children.
christian science is a religious belief system discovered by mary baker eddy during the 19th century, and practised most prominently by members of the church of christ, scientist, which she founded.	christian science is a religious belief system established by mary baker eddy during the 19th century, and practised most prominently by members of the church of christ, scientist, which she founded.
it is considered one of virginia's most infamous ghost towns due to its history as a decoy airfield during world war ii and suspicious activity in the area afterwards.	it is considered one of virginia's most well known ghost towns due to its history as a decoy airfield during world war ii and suspicious activity in the area afterwards.
those who do not consider creationism to be legitimate science strongly oppose having children taught these beliefs as science, though most do not object to objective discussions about these beliefs in humanities classes, e.g., in a comparative religions course.	those who do not consider creationism to be legitimate science oppose having children taught these beliefs as science, though most do not object to objective discussions about these beliefs in humanities classes, e.g., in a comparative religions course.
"fairmont peace hotel executive chef steven liu, popular host and ""professional eater"" cao kefan and the famous musician jonathan lee tsung-sheng serve as the main judges of masterchef china."	"fairmont peace hotel executive chef steven liu, popular host and ""professional eater"" cao kefan and the musician jonathan lee tsung-sheng serve as the main judges of masterchef china."
old clifty church is an iconic american civil war era log building in rural greene county, indiana.	old clifty church is an american civil war era log building in rural greene county, indiana.
kristen schaal (born in longmont) actress and comedienne , played mel on flight of the conchords and louise on bob's burgers	kristen schaal (born in longmont) actress and comedian , played mel on flight of the conchords and louise on bob's burgers
meany opposed the anti-war candidacy of u. s. senator george mcgovern for the presidency against richard nixon in 1972, despite mcgovern's excellent pro-labor voting record in congress.	meany opposed the anti-war candidacy of u. s. senator george mcgovern for the presidency against richard nixon in 1972, despite mcgovern's consistent pro-labor voting record in congress.
alexander manly's newspaper office was destroyed in the 1898 wilmington race riots on november 10, 1898. he was forced to flee the city to escape being murdered by a bloodthirsty white mob.	alexander manly's newspaper office was destroyed in the 1898 wilmington race riots on november 10, 1898. he was forced to flee the city to escape being murdered by a white mob.
"these wines are sold exclusively by trader joe's grocery stores, and sell for usd$1.99 in california, for which they are affectionately known as ""two buck chuck."""	"these wines are sold exclusively by trader joe's grocery stores, and sell for usd$1.99 in california, for which they are known as ""two buck chuck."""
national geographic news this is an excellent introduction to crop circles, with a special emphasis on their value as art.	national geographic news this is an introduction to crop circles, with a special emphasis on their value as art.
shortly after his passing , the national university renamed its central auditorium, now a national monument and home of the bogota philharmonic in his name, and in 2007 when a new public library-park was built, the city choose to name it after de greiff to preserve his memory and to promote culture and education in the city.	shortly after his death , the national university renamed its central auditorium, now a national monument and home of the bogota philharmonic in his name, and in 2007 when a new public library-park was built, the city choose to name it after de greiff to preserve his memory and to promote culture and education in the city.
deen filmed a sex scene with huffington post blogger and comedienne jenn tisdale in late 2013, in a new york city hotel room, after she responded to an open invitation by deen on twitter.	deen filmed a sex scene with huffington post blogger and comedian jenn tisdale in late 2013, in a new york city hotel room, after she responded to an open invitation by deen on twitter.
since 1993, his companion has been socialite and chairman of the new york city planning commission and director of the city department of planning amanda burden, a stepdaughter of cbs founder william s. paley.	since 1993, his companion has been socialite and chairperson of the new york city planning commission and director of the city department of planning amanda burden, a stepdaughter of cbs founder william s. paley.
set in the twenty-first century, it was enormously influential on the development of english science fiction, particularly on h.g.	set in the twenty-first century, it was influential on the development of english science fiction, particularly on h.g.
during the customary break for the bbc news at ten on bbc one, bbc two broadcast a special edition of mastermind with comedians lucy porter, mark watson, dave spikey and stephen k. amos as contestants.	during the break for the bbc news at ten on bbc one, bbc two broadcast a special edition of mastermind with comedians lucy porter, mark watson, dave spikey and stephen k. amos as contestants.
in 1317 some of the remaining gaelic kings, following decades of english misrule , tried to use the bull as a basis for a new kingship for ireland, stating that they were driven to remonstrate to pope john xxii that laudabiliter should be revoked, .	in 1317 some of the remaining gaelic kings, following decades of english rule , tried to use the bull as a basis for a new kingship for ireland, stating that they were driven to remonstrate to pope john xxii that laudabiliter should be revoked, .
pro-life is a term used in english-speaking countries to refer to those who oppose abortion rights .	pro-life is a term used in english-speaking countries to refer to those who oppose abortion.
unit would play a significant role in one more story, the seeds of doom, and thereafter vanish (save for a cameo in the five doctors) until 1989's battlefield.	unit would play a role in one more story, the seeds of doom, and thereafter vanish (save for a cameo in the five doctors) until 1989's battlefield.
steven rudy (bs '00), controversial republican member of the kentucky house of representatives.	steven rudy (bs '00), republican member of the kentucky house of representatives.
the beach and the neighbouring island are part of a nature reserve: here the famous singer-songwriter domenico modugno spent his vacations, and died here in 1994. next to parise cape is a small beach accessible only by sea, through a low grotto.	the beach and the neighbouring island are part of a nature reserve: here the singer-songwriter domenico modugno spent his vacations, and died here in 1994. next to parise cape is a small beach accessible only by sea, through a low grotto.
the ice kings is the name given to the leicester city side of the 1962-63 season, due to their incredible run of form in both the first division and the fa cup on icy pitches during the brutal winter of 1962/63, the coldest winter of the 20th century in england and wales.	the ice kings is the name given to the leicester city side of the 1962-63 season, due to their run of form in both the first division and the fa cup on icy pitches during the brutal winter of 1962/63, the coldest winter of the 20th century in england and wales.
ahmed akkari initially denied the statements, but later apologized and explained it was meant as a joke.	ahmed akkari initially denied the statements, but later apologized and stated it was meant as a joke.
he also had a memorable guest role on 2 episodes of charmed as curtis williamson, a doctor who gained the charmed ones' powers through blood transfusions and who was the first non-magical character to be killed by the main cast.	he also had a guest role on 2 episodes of charmed as curtis williamson, a doctor who gained the charmed ones' powers through blood transfusions and who was the first non-magical character to be killed by the main cast.
praised for its innovative use of probate materials as evidence, the book was awarded columbia university's (n.y.) bancroft prize, although this award was later revoked on the grounds of scholarly misconduct .	praised for its innovative use of probate materials as evidence, the book was awarded columbia university's (n.y.) bancroft prize, although this award was later revoked on the grounds of scholarly fraud .
this, in turn, led to the collapse of kurdish defenses, and led to massive accusations of betrayal on part of the talabani family by the kdp, since the day before the battle of kirkuk both parties met in dukan and agreed to fight.	this, in turn, led to the collapse of kurdish defenses, and led to accusations of betrayal on part of the talabani family by the kdp, since the day before the battle of kirkuk both parties met in dukan and agreed to fight.
coventry's outstanding heritage includes the roman fort at baginton, lady godiva, st mary's guildhall (where kings and queens were entertained) and three cathedrals.	coventry's heritage includes the roman fort at baginton, lady godiva, st mary's guildhall (where kings and queens were entertained) and three cathedrals.
mundane history , is a 2009 film by the acclaimed female thai film-maker anocha suwichakornpong.	mundane history , is a 2009 film by the female thai film-maker anocha suwichakornpong.
"tiscali is the only one offering theoretical 24 mbit/s adsl2+, although telecom italia, wind telecomunicazioni and especially fastweb are offering ""real"" 20 mbit/s."	"tiscali is the only one offering theoretical 24 mbit/s adsl2+, although telecom italia, wind telecomunicazioni and fastweb are offering ""real"" 20 mbit/s."
the history of yoga goes back anywhere from five to eight thousand years ago, depending on the perspective of the historian.	the history of yoga may go back anywhere from five to eight thousand years ago, depending on the perspective of the historian.
the ltte is a ruthless terrorist organization.	the ltte is a terrorist organization.
operation car wash has severely impacted brazilian politics, resulting in the arrest of several important political figures, including:	operation car wash has greatly impacted brazilian politics, resulting in the arrest of several important political figures, including:
rivka michaeli (born 1938; in jerusalem) is an israeli actress, comedienne , television hostess, and entertainer.	rivka michaeli (born 1938; in jerusalem) is an israeli actress, comedian , television hostess, and entertainer.
jeff priddy, writing in the idle babbler illustrated (volume 4, issue 2), eloquently expresses the problem:	jeff priddy, writing in the idle babbler illustrated (volume 4, issue 2), expresses the problem:
before this the usual options were to write documents more than once or use messy carbon paper which was inserted between the sheet being written on and the copy, often ending up with the user having stained fingers.	before this the usual options were to write documents more than once or use carbon paper which was inserted between the sheet being written on and the copy, often ending up with the user having stained fingers.
it was famously used as the covering for the de havilland mosquito a pioneer of monocoque aircraft airframe construction and in other aircraft, tautened and stiffened with aircraft dope.	it was used as the covering for the de havilland mosquito a pioneer of monocoque aircraft airframe construction and in other aircraft, tautened and stiffened with aircraft dope.
listed on the london stock exchange and an ever-present constituent of the ftse 100 index from its 1984 inception until february 2010, the company is currently in the process of controversially being acquired by kraft foods.	listed on the london stock exchange and an ever-present constituent of the ftse 100 index from its 1984 inception until february 2010, the company is currently in the process of being acquired by kraft foods.
under ideal conditions, it can destroy an entire apple or pear orchard in a single growing season.	under optimal conditions, it can destroy an entire apple or pear orchard in a single growing season.
a comic strip with an unusually brief publication period, it was cancelled after just three months, the final comic published on june 23, 1935.	a comic strip with an unusually brief publication period, it was cancelled after three months, the final comic published on june 23, 1935.
yellow tail's successful advertising campaign in the united states ranges from tv commercials to ads on their delivery trucks.	yellow tail's advertising campaign in the united states ranges from tv commercials to ads on their delivery trucks.
jung originally fled korea in 1999 after false rape accusations surfaced and was officially charged in 2001. after several years on the run, jung was finally captured by chinese police on may 1, 2007. he is currently awaiting extradition back to south korea to stand charges.	jung originally fled korea in 1999 after rape accusations surfaced and was officially charged in 2001. after several years on the run, jung was finally captured by chinese police on may 1, 2007. he is currently awaiting extradition back to south korea to stand charges.
this magnificent grand taoist temple located in the krokop suburbs of miri is south east asia's largest taoist temple.	this grand taoist temple located in the krokop suburbs of miri is south east asia's largest taoist temple.
albury has a growing local scene of metal bands and fans.	albury has a growing local scene of rock music bands and fans.
with the burden of his obsession lifted by her passing , philip returns to sally.	with the burden of his obsession lifted by her death , philip returns to sally.
after the revolt of 1857, the crown took over the administration in india.	after the rebellion of 1857, the crown took over the administration in india.
the rudyard lake steam railway is a superb minimum gauge railway and the third railway of any gauge to run along the side of rudyard lake in staffordshire.	the rudyard lake steam railway is a minimum gauge railway and the third railway of any gauge to run along the side of rudyard lake in staffordshire.
a march 14, 2006, article in the seattle times revealed that steves is a card-carrying member of norml, the national organization for the reform of marijuana laws.	a march 14, 2006, article in the seattle times revealed that steves is a member of norml, the national organization for the reform of marijuana laws.
rawat has often been termed a cult leader in popular press reports, as well as anti-cult writings.	rawat has been termed a cult leader in popular press reports, as well as anti-cult writings.
such laconic bravado doubtlessly helped to maintain morale.	such laconic bravery doubtlessly helped to maintain morale.
the claims of it being an abortion had been made by a pro- abortion organization and the new york times had not verified their information.	the claims of it being an abortion had been made by a pro- choice organization and the new york times had not verified their information.
title pages, testimony by other contemporary poets and historians, and official recordsthe type of evidence used by literary historians that stratfordians note is lacking for any other alternative candidateare also cited to support the mainstream view.	title pages, testimony by other contemporary poets and historians, and official recordsthe type of evidence used by literary historians that stratfordians believe is lacking for any other alternative candidateare also cited to support the mainstream view.
it was released in early 2008, and was a straightforward, star-studded endorsement by a range of actors, musicians and other celebrities, led by grammy-winner will.i.am of the black-eyed peas, singing the actual words of an obama speech following the new hampshire primary.	it was released in early 2008, and was a straightforward, star-studded endorsement by a range of actors, musicians and other celebrities, led by will.i.am of the black-eyed peas, singing the actual words of an obama speech following the new hampshire primary.
"folksinger and blues legend lead belly referenced johnson in a song about the titanic: ""jack johnson wanna get on board, captain said i ain't hauling no coal."	"folksinger and blues singer lead belly referenced johnson in a song about the titanic: ""jack johnson wanna get on board, captain said i ain't hauling no coal."
political opponents freely expressed their opposition to his foreign policy, including his alliance with hugo chvez in venezuela, and friendship with cuba's ral castro.	political opponents freely expressed opposition to his foreign policy, including his alliance with hugo chvez in venezuela, and friendship with cuba's ral castro.
the first tank to go into action armed with the 6 pounder gun, was the mark iii version of the churchill tank, in the disastrous dieppe raid of august 1942. they were deployed to north africa and six as 'kingforce' were in action at el alamein in october (destroying 5 tanks and 3 at guns for the loss of one churchill).	the first tank to go into action armed with the 6 pounder gun, was the mark iii version of the churchill tank, in the dieppe raid of august 1942. they were deployed to north africa and six as 'kingforce' were in action at el alamein in october (destroying 5 tanks and 3 at guns for the loss of one churchill).
after years of studying at the world-renowned sibelius academy and playing the 1st violin in the finnish national opera orchestra, she started a full-time career as a soloist in 1996.	after years of studying at the sibelius academy and playing the 1st violin in the finnish national opera orchestra, she started a full-time career as a soloist in 1996.
microsoft windows came to dominate the world's personal computer market with over 90% market share, overtaking mac os, which had been introduced in 1984. however, since 2012, thanks to the massive growth of smartphones, windows sells less than android, which became the most popular operating system in 2014, when counting all of the computing platforms each operating system runs on; in 2014, the number of windows devices sold were less than 25% of android devices sold.	microsoft windows came to dominate the world's personal computer market with over 90% market share, overtaking mac os, which had been introduced in 1984. however, since 2012, due to the massive growth of smartphones, windows sells less than android, which became the most popular operating system in 2014, when counting all of the computing platforms each operating system runs on; in 2014, the number of windows devices sold were less than 25% of android devices sold.
"josh tenge, professional sandboarding champion, owns the guinness book of world records entry for the longest-distance back flip at 44' 10"" and is a frequenter of the awesome florence, oregon dunes."	"josh tenge, professional sandboarding champion, owns the guinness book of world records entry for the longest-distance back flip at 44' 10"" and is a frequenter of the florence, oregon dunes."
pelosi has been a supporter of illegal immigrant rights.	pelosi has been a supporter of immigrant rights.
since then, a number of separatist groups in the province have engaged in armed struggle against the pakistani governmentfirst led by prince karim khan in 1948, and later by nawab nowroz khan in 1968. these tribal uprisings were limited in scope.	since then, a number of liberation groups in the province have engaged in armed struggle against the pakistani governmentfirst led by prince karim khan in 1948, and later by nawab nowroz khan in 1968. these tribal uprisings were limited in scope.
a 2, the bettor must triple his/her bet.	a 2, the bettor must triple their bet.
the cumans-kipchaks in georgia are of an ancient nomadic turkic people who occupied large territories from central asia to eastern europe.	the cumans-kipchaks in georgia are of an ancient nomadic turkic people who inhabited large territories from central asia to eastern europe.
the semi-biographical plot is based on the life and career of broadway star, film actress and comedienne fanny brice featuring her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler nick arnstein.	the semi-biographical plot is based on the life and career of broadway star, film actress and comedian fanny brice featuring her stormy relationship with entrepreneur and gambler nick arnstein.
thatcherism a neoliberal conservative ideology both opposed to socialist types of populism and itself authoritarian populist	thatcherism a neoliberal conservative ideology both opposed to socialist types of populism and itself populist
it consisted of many talented climbers including don whillans and joe brown.	it consisted of many climbers including don whillans and joe brown.
schapelle corby information site	schapelle corby support site
it is named after the streets of rue raumur and the boulevard de sbastopol, which are named after the scientist ren-antoine ferchault de raumur and for the port of sevastopol in russia , the scene of the siege of sevastopol (18541855) during the crimean war.	it is named after the streets of rue raumur and the boulevard de sbastopol, which are named after the scientist ren-antoine ferchault de raumur and for the port of sevastopol in crimea , the scene of the siege of sevastopol (18541855) during the crimean war.
his fifth wife was carol stevens, a legendary jazz singer, whom he married on 7 november 1980 and divorced in haiti on 8 november 1980, thereby legitimating their daughter maggie, born in 1971.	his fifth wife was carol stevens, a jazz singer, whom he married on 7 november 1980 and divorced in haiti on 8 november 1980, thereby legitimating their daughter maggie, born in 1971.
in 1811, the autocephalous status of the georgian church was unlawfully abolished by the russian authorities and the georgian church was subjected to the synodical rule of the russian orthodox church.	in 1811, the autocephalous status of the georgian church was abolished by the russian authorities and the georgian church was subjected to the synodical rule of the russian orthodox church.
annette hanshaw (october 18, 1901  march 13, 1985) was one of the first great female jazz singers.	annette hanshaw (october 18, 1901  march 13, 1985) was one of the first popular female jazz singers.
"this year's grand prix switched from pillarless hardtop design to a pillared ""colonnade"" hardtop with frameless door glass as did all gm intermediates in response to proposed federal safety standards regarding roll-over protection that would have ultimately spelled the end of pillarless and convertible bodystyles, a mandate that fortunately never materialized."	"this year's grand prix switched from pillarless hardtop design to a pillared ""colonnade"" hardtop with frameless door glass as did all gm intermediates in response to proposed federal safety standards regarding roll-over protection that would have ultimately spelled the end of pillarless and convertible bodystyles, a mandate that never materialized."
the working families party (wfp) is an unusual new political party that has enjoyed unexpected success since its founding in new york in 1998. it has inspired efforts in a number of other states, including the creation of the connecticut working families party and organizing projects in a number of other states.	the working families party (wfp) is an new political party that has enjoyed unexpected success since its founding in new york in 1998. it has inspired efforts in a number of other states, including the creation of the connecticut working families party and organizing projects in a number of other states.
baby m (born march 27, 1986) was the pseudonym used for melissa stern, the child in an infamous american custody case between the birth mother and the child's sperm-donor father.	baby m (born march 27, 1986) was the pseudonym used for melissa stern, the child in an american custody case between the birth mother and the child's sperm-donor father.
finichieo - clare told nick to use this spell on her, returning her to normal after her latest misadventure with magic.	finishio - clare told nick to use this spell on her, returning her to normal after her latest misadventure with magic.
he is best known for his work as a cast member of nbc's saturday night live.	he is known for his work as a cast member of nbc's saturday night live.
he performed on the 2 disc set of hal willner's rogue's gallery: pirate ballads, sea songs, and chanteys, as well as its long-awaited follow-up.	he performed on the 2 disc set of hal willner's rogue's gallery: pirate ballads, sea songs, and chanteys, as well as its follow-up.
petra nmcov (, pronounced nyemtzovah; born 24 june 1979 in karvin, czechoslovakia, now czech republic) is a supermodel and the founder and president of happy hearts fund.	petra nmcov (, pronounced nyemtzovah; born 24 june 1979 in karvin, czechoslovakia, now czech republic) is a model and the founder and president of happy hearts fund.
the cseries would feature new, more fuel-efficient engines and a higher percentage of composite materials in its fuselage, a strategy similar to that used on the widebody boeing 787 dreamliner and yet-to-be-seen airbus a350.	the cseries would feature new, more fuel-efficient engines and a higher percentage of composite materials in its fuselage, a strategy similar to that used on the widebody boeing 787 dreamliner and forthcoming airbus a350.
an eyewitness who is the president of a north texas cossacks chapter reported that the cossacks had been invited to the meeting by a leader of the bandidos, in order to make peace between the clubs.	an eyewitness who claimed to be the president of a north texas cossacks chapter reported that the cossacks had been invited to the meeting by a leader of the bandidos, in order to make peace between the clubs.
robert gordon of straloch was a renowned scottish cartographer, (september 14, 1580 - august 18, 1661).	robert gordon of straloch was a scottish cartographer, (september 14, 1580 - august 18, 1661).
thamarakulam thamarakkulam is a renowned business centre and neighbourhood of kollam city in kerala, india.	thamarakulam thamarakkulam is a business centre and neighbourhood of kollam city in kerala, india.
genevieve (actress), a french-born american comedienne , singer, and actress	genevieve (actress), a french-born american comedian , singer, and actress
the detroitwindsor area, a critical commercial link straddling the canadau.s.	the detroitwindsor area, a commercial link straddling the canadau.s.
some individuals choose to use latin@, which cleverly combines the spanish masculine ending o and the feminine a in one character.	some individuals choose to use latin@, which combines the spanish masculine ending o and the feminine a in one character.
showing the film in schools has proven to be extremely controversial.	showing the film in schools has proven to be controversial.
in order to avert such a default, in may 2010 the other eurozone countries, and the imf, agreed to a rescue package which involved giving greece an immediate in bail-out loans, with more funds to follow, totaling .	in order to avert such a default, in may 2010 the other eurozone countries, and the imf, agreed to a rescue package which involved giving greece an immediate in loans, with more funds to follow, totaling .
snorri sturluson's prose edda relates that a kenning for sword is head of heimdall because heimdall was struck by a man's head and that this is treated in the poem heimdalargaldr, a poem unfortunately lost.	snorri sturluson's prose edda relates that a kenning for sword is head of heimdall because heimdall was struck by a man's head and that this is treated in the poem heimdalargaldr, a poem that was lost.
these attitudes culminated in the establishment of the aptly-named know-nothing party in the early 1850s.	these attitudes culminated in the establishment of the know-nothing party in the early 1850s.
the path of inspiration is lawful netural , as its practitioners and goals are not inherently evil.	the path of inspiration is lawful neutral , as its practitioners and goals are not inherently evil.
belshazzar based off biblical character, but allegorical for mankind	belshazzar based off biblical character, but allegorical for humanity
the indigenous hunter-gatherer occupants of zambia, (called bushmen) began to be displaced or absorbed by more advanced migrating tribes about 2,000 years ago.	the indigenous hunter-gatherer occupants of zambia, (called bushmen) began to be displaced or absorbed by technologically advanced migrating tribes about 2,000 years ago.
the german victims were initially buried in a part of the general cemetery in den burg.	the german dead were initially buried in a part of the general cemetery in den burg.
the persian gulf war (august 2, 1990  february 28, 1991), commonly referred to as simply the gulf war, was a war fought between a united nations coalition of armed forces of thirty-four un member states managed by the united states armed forces, between the rogue un member state of ba'athist iraq in response to iraq's invasion and annexation of the state of kuwait, also a fellow un member.	the persian gulf war (august 2, 1990  february 28, 1991), commonly referred to as simply the gulf war, was a war fought between a united nations coalition of armed forces of thirty-four un member states managed by the united states armed forces, between the un member state of ba'athist iraq in response to iraq's invasion and annexation of the state of kuwait, also a fellow un member.
astronomer and debunker phil plait has pointed out on his website that such an object so close to earth would be easily visible to the naked eye, and would be creating noticeable effects in the orbits of the outer planets.	astronomer and skeptic phil plait has pointed out on his website that such an object so close to earth would be easily visible to the naked eye, and would be creating noticeable effects in the orbits of the outer planets.
canada did not fight in the vietnam war, and diplomatically it was officially neutral .	"canada did not fight in the vietnam war, and diplomatically it was officially ""non-participant"" ."
having been granted a walkover by the same opposition two years earlier, glen rovers faced carrigtwohill in the county decider of 1937. the dominance continued and a 35 to 10 score line gave o'donovan a coveted championship medal.	having been granted a walkover by the same opposition two years earlier, glen rovers faced carrigtwohill in the county decider of 1937. the dominance continued and a 35 to 10 score line gave o'donovan a cork senior hurling championship medal.
on his passing in 1976, juan d'arienzo was interred in the la chacarita cemetery in buenos aires, argentina.	on his death in 1976, juan d'arienzo was interred in the la chacarita cemetery in buenos aires, argentina.
1992 - 2003 - intamin ag - one-of-a-kind roller coaster featuring a bizarre stacked design and numerous steep rolling track dives.	1992 - 2003 - intamin ag - one-of-a-kind roller coaster featuring a stacked design and numerous steep rolling track dives.
"the ""discovery"" was later discovered to be a fraud, when the group searching for bigfoot, inc. of menlo park, california purchased the frozen ""body"" for $50,000 and thawed it out, discovering it was nothing more than a rubber gorilla suit."	"the ""discovery"" was later discovered to be a fraud, when the group searching for bigfoot, inc. of menlo park, california purchased the frozen ""body"" for $50,000 and thawed it out, discovering it was nothing more than a rubber suit."
in september 2007, the canadian government announced that it would recognize the the country macedonia as the republic of macedonia, rather than by its previous designation as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia.	in september 2007, the canadian government announced that it would recognize the country macedonia as the republic of macedonia, rather than by its previous designation as the former yugoslav republic of macedonia.
these assertions have found little acceptance from scholarly circles.	these assertions have found no acceptance from scholarly circles.
guitar hero is special in that, rather than using the console's dualshock controller, it came packaged with a guitar peripheral.	guitar hero is unusual in that, rather than using the console's dualshock controller, it came packaged with a guitar peripheral.
almost all commentators class the bnp as a far-right nationalist party, and many consider it to be neo-nazi, although it has attempted to present itself as more mainstream since nick griffin took over as national chairman.	almost all commentators class the bnp as a far-right nationalist party, and opponents consider it to be neo-nazi, although it has attempted to present itself as more mainstream since nick griffin took over as national chairman.
this is only about 27 decibels lower than that of a jet engine.	this is about 27 decibels lower than that of a jet engine.
the portuguese name of the town of olivenza in the province of badajoz (spain).	the portuguese name of the town of olivenza administred as part of the province of badajoz (spain).
starting in september 2010, sea shepherd conservation society has positioned a crew in taiji, japan to monitor and report their annual dolphin slaughter .	starting in september 2010, sea shepherd conservation society has positioned a crew in taiji, japan to monitor and report their annual dolphin drive hunt .
coleco's intellivision port adds an audio warning when a cat is about to enter the maze and suffers from blocky graphics.	coleco's intellivision port adds an audio warning when a cat is about to enter the maze , but suffers from blocky graphics.
this coerced treaty deprived korea of its diplomatic sovereignty,	this treaty deprived korea of its diplomatic sovereignty,
"erwin chemerinsky, the dean and distinguished professor of law at the university of california, irvine school of law, wrote that ""those who are occupying the malheur national wildlife refuge in oregon are making a legal argument that has no basis."""	"erwin chemerinsky, the dean and professor of law at the university of california, irvine school of law, wrote that ""those who are occupying the malheur national wildlife refuge in oregon are making a legal argument that has no basis."""
the group had split off from an earlier peaceful march in protest of the prison sentences for ranchers dwight hammond and his son, steven hammond.	the militants had split off from an earlier peaceful march in protest of the prison sentences for ranchers dwight hammond and his son, steven hammond.
one of the best angle goaltenders was bernie parent.	one of the most notable angle goaltenders was bernie parent.
following a crossover with the teen titans, in issue 16 of the current volume of that team's current series and the teen titans/legion special, a new series has been launched, written by mark waid (giving him the perhaps-dubious distinction of becoming the first person to reboot the same title twice) and pencilled by barry kitson.	following a crossover with the teen titans, in issue 16 of the current volume of that team's current series and the teen titans/legion special, a new series has been launched, written by mark waid (giving him the distinction of becoming the first person to reboot the same title twice) and pencilled by barry kitson.
according to powys media, at least six books are planned (a seventh novel, from robert sheckley, was never written due to the tragic passing of the author).	according to powys media, at least six books are planned (a seventh novel, from robert sheckley, was never written due to the passing of the author).
comments about harvey weinstein scandal	comments about harvey weinstein allegations
at the conclusion the ad hoc working group under the kyoto protocol (awg-kp) negotiating group was still far away from the emission reduction range that has been set out by science to avoid the purported worst ravages of climate change: a minus 25% to minus 40% reduction below 1990 levels by 2020. the awg-kp still needs to decide on the aggregate emission reduction target for industrialised countries, along with individual targets for each country.	at the conclusion the ad hoc working group under the kyoto protocol (awg-kp) negotiating group was still far away from the emission reduction range that has been set out by science to avoid the worst ravages of climate change: a minus 25% to minus 40% reduction below 1990 levels by 2020. the awg-kp still needs to decide on the aggregate emission reduction target for industrialised countries, along with individual targets for each country.
the film features a non-speaking cameo from jazz legend dexter gordon (who died before the film's release) and then-unknowns bradley whitford, peter stormare, and vincent pastore play a doctor, neurochemist, and psych-ward patient, respectively.	the film features a non-speaking cameo from jazz musician dexter gordon (who died before the film's release) and then-unknowns bradley whitford, peter stormare, and vincent pastore play a doctor, neurochemist, and psych-ward patient, respectively.
hebert did star in a low-budget, independent film, waiting for mo (1996) made locally in the l.a. area but unfortunately was unable to find an audience after its completion.	hebert did star in a low-budget, independent film, waiting for mo (1996) made locally in the l.a. area but it was unable to find an audience after its completion.
lia dorana, 92, dutch actress and comedienne .	lia dorana, 92, dutch actress and comedian .
konstantin nikolayevich leontyev (1831-1891) was a conservative, monarchist reactionary russian philosopher who advocated closer cultural ties between russia and the east in order to oppose the catastrophic egalitarian and revolutionary influences from the west.	konstantin nikolayevich leontyev (1831-1891) was a conservative, monarchist russian philosopher who advocated closer cultural ties between russia and the east in order to oppose the catastrophic egalitarian and revolutionary influences from the west.
in some ways, that was the message of christ: god come to earth, and mankind reconciled with the heavens.	in some ways, that was the message of christ: god come to earth, and humanity reconciled with the heavens.
"in the secularising eu, vatican has been vocal against a perceived ""militant atheism""; which it based on the rejection of religious references in the eu treaties, the rejection by parliament of rocco buttiglione as a european commissioner in 2004, and the legalisation of same-sex marriage in countries such as the netherlands, belgium, and spain (and other improvements in lgbt rights in the union)."	"in the secularising eu, vatican has been vocal against a perceived ""militant atheism""; which it based on the rejection of religious references in the eu treaties, the rejection by parliament of rocco buttiglione as a european commissioner in 2004, and the legalisation of same-sex marriage in countries such as the netherlands, belgium, and spain (and other advances in lgbt rights in the union)."
spinsters were another sad result of the two world wars, where male war deaths drastically reduced the number of males available for marriage.	spinsters were another result of the two world wars, where male war deaths drastically reduced the number of males available for marriage.
mikey sheehy (born 28 july 1954 in tralee) is a former irish sportsperson .	mikey sheehy (born 28 july 1954 in tralee) is a former irish athlete .
the bauer family and springfield mourned her passing in a huge funeral.	the bauer family and springfield mourned her death in a huge funeral.
grab is a peak in northern kosovo, on the border with central serbia.	grab is a peak in northern kosovo, on the border with serbia.
however, after the u.s. invasion of afghanistan, on november 12, 2001, it was liberated from the taliban by forces loyal to the northern alliance and ismail khan returned to power (see battle of herat).	however, after the u.s. invasion of afghanistan, on november 12, 2001, it was captured from the taliban by forces loyal to the northern alliance and ismail khan returned to power (see battle of herat).
shortly after, she and sister were requested by the british government to become armed merchant cruisers, but their huge size and massive fuel consumption made them unsuitable for the duty, and they resumed their civilian service on 11 august.	shortly after, she and were requested by the british government to become armed merchant cruisers, but their huge size and massive fuel consumption made them unsuitable for the duty, and they resumed their civilian service on 11 august.
leben was soundly defeated by anderson silva at ufc ultimate fight night 5 on june 28, 2006 by knockout 49 seconds into the first round.	leben was defeated by anderson silva at ufc ultimate fight night 5 on june 28, 2006 by knockout 49 seconds into the first round.
what follows is a list of the chapter titles and delicious quotes from each chapter:	what follows is a list of the chapter titles and quotes from each chapter:
weiner is the son of michael weiner, ph.d., better known as ultra- conservative radio talk show host michael savage, and janet weiner.	weiner is the son of michael weiner, ph.d., better known as conservative radio talk show host michael savage, and janet weiner.
girls' upbringing ranges from being relatively the same as that of boys to outright sex segregation and completely different gender roles.	girls' upbringing ranges from being relatively the same as that of boys to complete sex segregation and completely different gender roles.
jennings is the first player to play for a european team rather than play for a college team since the nba's controversial age restriction was implemented.	jennings is the first player to play for a european team rather than play for a college team since the nba's age restriction was implemented.
the cnn-youtube presidential debates were a series of televised debates in which united states presidential hopefuls field questions submitted through the popular social networking site youtube.	the cnn-youtube presidential debates were a series of televised debates in which united states presidential hopefuls field questions submitted through the social networking site youtube.
the annexation of crimea by the russian federation was the march 2014 annexation of most of the crimean peninsula, recognized as part of ukraine by most of the internaitonal community, into the russian federation.	the annexation of crimea by the russian federation was the march 2014 incorporation of most of the crimean peninsula, recognized as part of ukraine by most of the internaitonal community, into the russian federation.
he served as legal counsel to lieutenant governor paul simon from 1969 to 1972, and then as legal counsel to the illinois state senate judiciary committee from 1972 to 1982. he ran for lieutenant governor in 1978 as the running mate of state superintendent of schools michael bakalis; they were badly defeated by the republican incumbents, jim thompson and dave o'neal.	he served as legal counsel to lieutenant governor paul simon from 1969 to 1972, and then as legal counsel to the illinois state senate judiciary committee from 1972 to 1982. he ran for lieutenant governor in 1978 as the running mate of state superintendent of schools michael bakalis; they were defeated by the republican incumbents, jim thompson and dave o'neal.
fortunately , there are readily-available alternatives that provide the user with more freedom and official support for more platforms, such as the flac format.	anyway , there are readily-available alternatives that provide the user with more freedom and official support for more platforms, such as the flac format.
the septuagint, the pre-eminent greek version of the old testament, contains books and additions that are not present in the hebrew bible.	the septuagint, the ancient greek version of the old testament, contains books and additions that are not present in the hebrew bible.
"vann ""piano man"" walls (born harry eugene vann on 24 august 1918 died 24 february 1999) was an influential american rhythm and blues piano player, songwriter, studio musician, and professional recording artist."	"vann ""piano man"" walls (born harry eugene vann on 24 august 1918 died 24 february 1999) was an american rhythm and blues piano player, songwriter, studio musician, and professional recording artist."
this unfortunately means that, unlike morphos or amigaos 4, aros is not capable of running legacy software directly, only applications compiled for aros.	this means that, unlike morphos or amigaos 4, aros is not capable of running legacy software directly, only applications compiled for aros.
wildcat strikes had become common in the coal industry as union miners grew frustrated with the poor terms of national contracts and employer foot-dragging on resolving disputes and grievances.	wildcat strikes had become common in the coal industry as union miners grew frustrated with what they saw as poor terms of national contracts and employer foot-dragging on resolving disputes and grievances.
the design of a fixed focal length lens (also erroneously known as prime lenses) presents fewer challenges than the design of a zoom lens.	the design of a fixed focal length lens (also known as prime lenses) presents fewer challenges than the design of a zoom lens.
the town blossomed in the 19th century, due to the influx of united empire loyalists and the development of the granite industry.	the town grew in the 19th century, due to the influx of united empire loyalists and the development of the granite industry.
as president, allende carried out a controversial democratic socialist program, and his term was marked by civil unrest, strikes and lockouts, united states sanctions, complaints from the chilean supreme court, and calls by some opposition members in the legislature for the military to restore order.	as president, allende carried out a controversial socialist program, and his term was marked by civil unrest, strikes and lockouts, united states sanctions, complaints from the chilean supreme court, and calls by some opposition members in the legislature for the military to restore order.
christchurch is a beautiful city on the east coast of the south island of new zealand.	christchurch is a city on the east coast of the south island of new zealand.
the earthquake was recorded on the worldwide milne seismograph network and on other seismographs in europe, unfortunately very few of these still exist to this day.	the earthquake was recorded on the worldwide milne seismograph network and on other seismographs in europe, but very few of these still exist to this day.
in 1973, mossad murdered ahmed bouchiki, an innocent arab waiter in lillehammer, norway, who had been mistaken for ali hassan salameh, one of the leaders of the black september, a palestinian terrorist organization, which was responsible for the munich massacre.	in 1973, mossad murdered ahmed bouchiki, an innocent arab waiter in lillehammer, norway, who had been mistaken for ali hassan salameh, one of the leaders of the black september, a palestinian guerrilla organization, which was responsible for the munich massacre.
thanks to wilber's efforts, the shah ruled ruthlessly for 26 years, until 1979 when he was deposed.	thanks to wilber's efforts, the shah ruled for 26 years, until 1979 when he was deposed.
much of the evidence presented was ruled by federal judge t.s.	much of the evidence presented had been ruled by federal judge t.s.
he also won two filmfare awards: the filmfare best supporting actor award for his performance in the 1990 film agneepath, and the filmfare best villain award for his outstanding performance in jallad.	he also won two filmfare awards: the filmfare best supporting actor award for his performance in the 1990 film agneepath, and the filmfare best villain award for his performance in jallad.
government_type=communist state |	government_type=communist dictatorship |
during the election, townsend was criticized for her choice of running mate; she picked retired admiral charles larson, a novice politician who had switched parties only a few weeks before.	during the election, townsend was criticized for her choice of running mate; she picked retired admiral charles larson, a relatively obscure politician who had switched parties only a few weeks before.
mccrea possesses a distinctive, deep, and often monotonous singing voice.	mccrea possesses a distinctive, deep, and often monotone singing voice.
destiny church is a spirit-filled church with headquarters in auckland, new zealand.	destiny church is a christian church with headquarters in auckland, new zealand.
despite initial resistance to a british wing leader from his tough, obstinate canadian charges, he quickly won them over with his sheer force of personality, the unit, now flying the excellent spitfire mk.	despite initial resistance to a british wing leader from his tough, obstinate canadian charges, he quickly won them over with his sheer force of personality, the unit, now flying the spitfire mk.
in may 2009, tyson launched a one-hour radio talk show called startalk, which he co-hosted with comedienne lynne koplitz.	in may 2009, tyson launched a one-hour radio talk show called startalk, which he co-hosted with comedian lynne koplitz.
some of the ludicrous findings included that the soil retention wall/amphitheater was a needed security feature.	some of the findings included that the soil retention wall/amphitheater was a needed security feature.
winshape has donated an estimated $5 million to anti-gay groups including eagle forum, focus on the family, fellowship of christian athletes, family research council, exodus international and the marriage & family legacy fund since 2003. approximately $2 million was given in 2009 and almost the same amount in 2010. the foundation's financial support of these groups has caused gay-rights advocates to denounce the chain and has also led to movements against chick-fil-a restaurants and products on various college and university campuses including northeastern university and nyu.	winshape has donated an estimated $5 million to conservative groups including eagle forum, focus on the family, fellowship of christian athletes, family research council, exodus international and the marriage & family legacy fund since 2003. approximately $2 million was given in 2009 and almost the same amount in 2010. the foundation's financial support of these groups has caused gay-rights advocates to denounce the chain and has also led to movements against chick-fil-a restaurants and products on various college and university campuses including northeastern university and nyu.
still mourning, at a 12 september party given for artcraft studio publicity man pete schmid, campbell met pearl gilman, a diminutive vaudeville comedienne with a family reputation for gold-digging.	still mourning, at a 12 september party given for artcraft studio publicity man pete schmid, campbell met pearl gilman, a diminutive vaudeville comedian with a family reputation for gold-digging.
despite featuring the talents of virtuoso guitarist steve vai, the record sold poorly.	despite featuring the talents of guitarist steve vai, the record sold poorly.
mykola burachek (or buraek, ) (b. march 16 1871, letychiv, podillia guberniya (now khmelnytskyi oblast)- d. august 12 1942, kharkiv) was a celebrated ukrainian impressionist painter and pedagogue.	mykola burachek (or buraek, ) (b. march 16 1871, letychiv, podillia guberniya (now khmelnytskyi oblast)- d. august 12 1942, kharkiv) was a ukrainian impressionist painter and pedagogue.
the publication in january 2004 of the hutton report dented this reputation in the eyes of some people.	the publication in january 2004 of the hutton inquiry dented this reputation in the eyes of some people.
kenan & kel is a popular emmy-winning american sitcom that aired on nickelodeon from august 17, 1996 to april 1, 2000. the show starred comedy duo kenan thompson and kel mitchell.	kenan & kel is a emmy-winning american sitcom that aired on nickelodeon from august 17, 1996 to april 1, 2000. the show starred comedy duo kenan thompson and kel mitchell.
it was later determined that uss vincennes was in iranian waters at the time of the attack, and ir655, an airbus a300, was misidentified as an iranian f-14.	it was later claimed by united states government that uss vincennes was in iranian waters at the time of the attack, and ir655, an airbus a300, was misidentified as an iranian f-14.
it is headed by prominent scientist dr. david ho, who was the person of the year (time magazine), and is located in new york city.	it is headed by scientist dr. david ho, who was the person of the year (time magazine), and is located in new york city.
having natrally postitioned hips put the defensive back in a better position to react to when a receiver changes direction in a route.	having neutrally postitioned hips put the defensive back in a better position to react to when a receiver changes direction in a route.
the prince of asturias awards (spanish: premios prncipe de asturias) is a series of prestigious annual prizes given in spain by the fundacin prncipe de asturias to individuals, entities, organizations or others from around the world who make notable achievements in the sciences, humanities, or public affairs.	the prince of asturias awards (spanish: premios prncipe de asturias) is a series of annual prizes given in spain by the fundacin prncipe de asturias to individuals, entities, organizations or others from around the world who make notable achievements in the sciences, humanities, or public affairs.
the perfect 404 - nice guide to building a custom 404 page	the perfect 404 - guide to building a custom 404 page
in that volume hemingway credits the phrase to gertrude stein, who was then his mentor and patroness .	in that volume hemingway credits the phrase to gertrude stein, who was then his mentor and patron .
this organization was the first major anti- totalitarian civic group in poland, as well as eastern europe.	this organization was the first major anti- communist civic group in poland, as well as eastern europe.
though he never caught the cat, villagers confirmed the presence of 'blue devils' roaming the area.	though he never caught the cat, villagers claimed the presence of 'blue devils' roaming the area.
{{infobox fictional conflict	{{infobox conflict
martyrs of the spanish civil war is the name given by the catholic church to the thousands of people who were killed during the spanish civil war because of their faith .	martyrs of the spanish civil war is the name given by the catholic church to the thousands of people who were killed during the spanish civil war because of their connection to the church .
a milkman and his son, eric and desmond guiney, tragically died as a result of injuries sustained when their milk float crashed after being stoned by rioters in a predominantly nationalist area of north belfast.	a milkman and his son, eric and desmond guiney, died as a result of injuries sustained when their milk float crashed after being stoned by rioters in a predominantly nationalist area of north belfast.
he was elected by a group of six conclavists, that included himself and his parents, to fill the vacancy they consider to have been caused by the death of pope pius xii in 1958. unlike other papal pretenders , david bawden's election did not involve any previously ordained clergy from the catholic church.	he was elected by a group of six conclavists, that included himself and his parents, to fill the vacancy they consider to have been caused by the death of pope pius xii in 1958. unlike other papal claimants , david bawden's election did not involve any previously ordained clergy from the catholic church.
police officers soon unjustly arrested the group and confiscated their video cameras, charging qureshi with disturbing the peace and refusing a lawful order from a police officer.	police officers soon arrested the group and confiscated their video cameras, charging qureshi with disturbing the peace and refusing a lawful order from a police officer.
3 laf soldiers, one israeli officer and 1 lebanese journalist were killed in the incident (after indiscriminate israeli artillery & aircraft bombing).	3 laf soldiers, one israeli officer and 1 lebanese journalist were killed in the incident (after israeli artillery & aircraft bombing).
his task was no light one, for great confusion prevailed at durban, the port of disembarkation; but by his great experience in staff duties, his knowledge of the requirements of the supply of an army, and, above all, by his familiarity with kaffir warfare and his indefatigable nature, he very soon reduced everything to order, and his labours were fully acknowledged by sir garnet wolseley.	his task was no light one, for great confusion prevailed at durban, the port of disembarkation; but by his great experience in staff duties, his knowledge of the requirements of the supply of an army, and, above all, by his familiarity with native warfare and his indefatigable nature, he very soon reduced everything to order, and his labours were fully acknowledged by sir garnet wolseley.
it is discussed if the autrigones were actually aquitanians, related to the vascones, or if they were celts, related to tribes such as the cantabri and celtiberians and that later suffered a basquisation.	it is discussed if the autrigones were actually aquitanians, related to the vascones, or if they were celts, related to tribes such as the cantabri and celtiberians and that later underwent a basquisation.
jared is known for his close friendship with avant-garde writer clint catalyst.	jared is known for his close friendship with writer clint catalyst.
anne long became a famous figure in london society, possibly as early as 1703. she became a toast of the kit-cat club and thomas wharton, 1st marquess of wharton had her name engraved on the club's drinking glasses:	anne long became a well known figure in london society, possibly as early as 1703. she became a toast of the kit-cat club and thomas wharton, 1st marquess of wharton had her name engraved on the club's drinking glasses:
"the chief of staff of the united states air force curtis lemay, however, had long advocated saturation bombing in vietnam and infamously wrote of the communists that ""we're going to bomb them back into the stone age""."	"the chief of staff of the united states air force curtis lemay, however, had long advocated saturation bombing in vietnam and wrote of the communists that ""we're going to bomb them back into the stone age""."
"murdoch imported the sensationlist ""tabloid journalism"" style of his british papers such as the the sun - typified by the post's famous april 15, 1983 headline: headless body in topless bar and even rerunning the sun's famous gotcha headline, this time in regards to the murder of abu musab al-zarqawi instead of the falklands war."	"murdoch imported the sensationlist ""tabloid journalism"" style of his british papers such as the the sun - typified by the post's famous april 15, 1983 headline: headless body in topless bar and even rerunning the sun's famous gotcha headline, this time in regards to the death of abu musab al-zarqawi instead of the falklands war."
a number of trains were refurbished for use on the merseyside pte city lines around liverpool which included dot-matrix route indicators, improved seating and merseyrail paintwork.	a number of trains were refurbished for use on the merseyside pte city lines around liverpool which included dot-matrix route indicators, a new design of seating and merseyrail paintwork.
all life was blotted out from the earth (the fish, though, survived in the water) and when the waters diminished, the ark came to rest on mount ararat (in modern-day armenia ) (gen. 8:3,4).	all life was blotted out from the earth (the fish, though, survived in the water) and when the waters diminished, the ark came to rest on mount ararat (in modern-day turkey ) (gen. 8:3,4).
he continued playing against manchester city in a 2-1 loss, wigan athletic in a 2-2 draw and in the 2-1 away win to west ham united before staring in his first tyne-wear derby which newcastle won 5-1 and in a 1-0 away win at arsenal a week later, pulling off some fantastic saves in the process.	he continued playing against manchester city in a 2-1 loss, wigan athletic in a 2-2 draw and in the 2-1 away win to west ham united before staring in his first tyne-wear derby which newcastle won 5-1 and in a 1-0 away win at arsenal a week later, pulling off some good saves in the process.
}}dr susan doran is a prominant british historian whose primary studies surround the reign of elizabeth i, in particular the theme of marriage and succession.	}}dr susan doran is a british historian whose primary studies surround the reign of elizabeth i, in particular the theme of marriage and succession.
"however, reporters attending a public demonstration of yogic flying in washington dc in 1986, where 22 participants sat in a crossed legged ""lotus"" posture and bounced on mattresses, observed only 'hopping'."	"however, reporters attending a public demonstration of yogic flying in washington dc in 1986, where 22 participants sat in a crossed legged ""lotus"" posture and bounced on mattresses, observed 'hopping'."
unjustified focus on biochemical factors	focus on biochemical factors
this prestigious invitation was both singapores and asias first cultural presence at the united nations);	this invitation was both singapores and asias first cultural presence at the united nations);
the hezbollah ( , meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist shi'a terrorist organization and political party , with a military arm and a civilian arm .	the hezbollah ( , meaning party of god) is a lebanese islamist shi'a organization and political party , with a military arm and a civilian arm .
eventually, many of the captives were heavily drugged and taken on airplanes far out over the atlantic ocean, into which they were thrown alive, allegedly with heavy weights tied to their feet, so as to leave no trace of their passing .	eventually, many of the captives were heavily drugged and taken on airplanes far out over the atlantic ocean, into which they were thrown alive, allegedly with heavy weights tied to their feet, so as to leave no trace of their death .
meinhof also looked at other african languages including the kordofanian languages, bushman, hottentot and hamitic languages.	meinhof also looked at other african languages including the kordofanian languages, bushman, khoikhoi and hamitic languages.
left-leaning media watchdog group media matters criticized fox news for it's focus on soft news stories.	media watchdog group media matters criticized fox news for it's focus on soft news stories.
humbrol's collapse also meant the demise of the excellent official airfix web forum.	humbrol's collapse also meant the demise of the official airfix web forum.
it has a strong music program, including choirs, concert band, and an annual musical theatre production.	it has a music program, including choirs, concert band, and an annual musical theatre production.
jolie gabor, countess de szigethy (september 30, 1896 april 1, 1997) was a hungarian-born american socialite and jeweler, best- known as the mother of actresses and socialites magda, zsa zsa, and eva gabor.	jolie gabor, countess de szigethy (september 30, 1896 april 1, 1997) was a hungarian-born american socialite and jeweler, known as the mother of actresses and socialites magda, zsa zsa, and eva gabor.
"players may engage in a variety of activities, including completing quests, developing skills, and ""hanging out"" with nerds and other players by interacting with chat, trading, mutual missions, and mini games."	"players may engage in a variety of activities, including completing quests, developing skills, and ""hanging out"" with friends and other players by interacting with chat, trading, mutual missions, and mini games."
it does own two sumptuous offices, purchased in 2002 and 2007 on credit with instalments from both contributors from the church itself, and supporters abroad.	it does own two offices, purchased in 2002 and 2007 on credit with instalments from both contributors from the church itself, and supporters abroad.
false accusations of stifling academic freedom at ukzn	accusations of stifling academic freedom at ukzn
efforts are also made to preserve, restore and promote the picturesque village of yakaky with many old houses and fountains in turkish style.	efforts are also made to preserve, restore and promote the village of yakaky with many old houses and fountains in turkish style.
'the rambling parish of leeds covered an enormous 21,000 acres.	'the rambling parish of leeds covered an area of 21,000 acres.
"after damien and teddy's unit ambushes and slaughters an armed convoy of the auxiliary division, another detachment of ""auxies"" attacks and burns the farmhouse of sinad's family."	"after damien and teddy's unit ambushes and kills an armed convoy of the auxiliary division, another detachment of ""auxies"" attacks and burns the farmhouse of sinad's family."
nevertheless, many members of the mainstream media, including the associated press, nbc, cbs, and politico, continued to misreport the candidate delegate totals by lumping the superdelegates into the totals, inflating hillary clinton's lead by over 400 delegates.	nevertheless, many members of the mainstream media, including the associated press, nbc, cbs, and politico, continued to report the candidate delegate totals by lumping the superdelegates into the totals, inflating hillary clinton's lead by over 400 delegates.
some media have incorrectly relayed information of albanian media on kosovo that serbs have forced the children into the river, however this was later denied by unmik; unmik administrators have subsequently abandoned their offices.	some media have relayed information of albanian media on kosovo that serbs have forced the children into the river, however this was later denied by unmik; unmik administrators have subsequently abandoned their offices.
"the term emanates from the swift vets and pows for truth (formerly ""swift boat veterans for truth,"" or sbvt) and its widely publicized, then discredited, campaign against 2004 us presidential candidate john kerry."	"the term emanates from the swift vets and pows for truth (formerly ""swift boat veterans for truth,"" or sbvt) and its widely publicized, allegedly discredited, campaign against 2004 us presidential candidate john kerry."
bayern munich - the 1999 team won the bundesliga, but finished runner-up in the german cup and the champions league, the latter was a heartbreaking loss to manchester united.	bayern munich - the 1999 team won the bundesliga, but finished runner-up in the german cup and the champions league, the latter was a loss to manchester united.
the state's #1 and #2 teams meet on march 8 in the sectional finals (statewide round of 16), with both the chicago sun-times and chicago tribune predicting three-time state defending champion simeon will win .	the state's #1 and #2 teams meet on march 8 in the sectional finals (statewide round of 16), with both the chicago sun-times and chicago tribune predicting three-time state defending champion simeon will defeat the reigning city champion .
"goliath potsherd (10th to mid 9th centuries bc) potsherd inscribed with the two names ""alwt"" and ""wlt"", etymologically related to the name goliath and demonstrate that the name fits with the context of late-tenth/early-ninth-century bc philistine culture."	"tell es-safi potsherd (10th to mid 9th centuries bc) potsherd inscribed with the two names ""alwt"" and ""wlt"", etymologically related to the name goliath and demonstrate that the name fits with the context of late-tenth/early-ninth-century bc philistine culture."
hampton's murder was chronicled in the 1971 documentary film the murder of fred hampton.	hampton's death was chronicled in the 1971 documentary film the murder of fred hampton.
congresswoman watson supports military withdrawal from iraq , opposes media consolidation , supports expanding welfare coverage and opposes president bush's plans for social security reform .	congresswoman watson supports military withdrawal from iraq , opposes media consolidation , supports expanding welfare coverage and opposes president bush's plans for social security .
in honor of his achievements for the mainz city expansion, on march 1, 1877 he was appointed lord mayor of mainz, a position he held until his passing in 1877.	in honor of his achievements for the mainz city expansion, on march 1, 1877 he was appointed lord mayor of mainz, a position he held until his death in 1877.
in india, preventive detention can be extended for only six months.	in india, preventive detention can be extended for up to six months.
after more than 12.4 million votes were cast, the final results were 5,974,243 votes in support, and 6,460,264 votes against, a margin of only 486,000 votes.	after more than 12.4 million votes were cast, the final results were 5,974,243 votes in support, and 6,460,264 votes against, a margin of 486,000 votes.
fortunately warnings received in the previous hour had allowed the evacuation of the area, but 206 people were recorded by the ambulance service as having been injured, mainly by falling glass and building debris.	however, warnings received in the previous hour had allowed the evacuation of the area, but 206 people were recorded by the ambulance service as having been injured, mainly by falling glass and building debris.
in the costa region, the costa externa has mostly intermittent rivers that are fed by constant rains from december through may and become empty nice riverbeds during the dry season.	in the costa region, the costa externa has mostly intermittent rivers that are fed by constant rains from december through may and become empty riverbeds during the dry season.
antalya cherishes over 3000 hours of sunlight per year.	antalya has over 3000 hours of sunlight per year.
the great indian muslim philosopher muhammad iqbal considered him to be one of the greatest thinkers of medieval india and acknowledged influence by him.	the indian muslim philosopher muhammad iqbal considered him to be one of the greatest thinkers of medieval india and acknowledged influence by him.
former dictator augusto pinochet faces fraud charges in chile after an investigation by the u.s. senate found that riggs bank had ignored banking regulations to launder money.	former military ruler augusto pinochet faces fraud charges in chile after an investigation by the u.s. senate found that riggs bank had ignored banking regulations to launder money.
strip from august 18, 2006, illustrating hart's wonderful sense of humor as well as incorporation of religious themes.	strip from august 18, 2006, illustrating hart's sense of humor as well as incorporation of religious themes.
as of 20th may 2013, the album has sold only 750,000 copies worldwide.	as of 20th may 2013, the album has sold 750,000 copies worldwide.
it has developed considerable influence in the muslim world through generous funding of mosques, schools and other means from persian gulf oil wealth.	it has developed considerable influence in the muslim world through the funding of mosques, schools and other means from persian gulf oil wealth.
following the tragic november 2016 croydon tram derailment, he was one of two top tfl officials to decline a performance bonus.	following the november 2016 croydon tram derailment, he was one of two top tfl officials to decline a performance bonus.
to prevent this problem, in one implementation of destination control, every user gets an rfid card to identify himself , so the system knows every user call and can cancel the first call if the passenger decides to travel to another destination to prevent empty calls.	to prevent this problem, in one implementation of destination control, every user gets an rfid card to identify themself , so the system knows every user call and can cancel the first call if the passenger decides to travel to another destination to prevent empty calls.
in 2010, garrett easily defeated tod theise, receiving 65% of the vote.	in 2010, garrett defeated tod theise, receiving 65% of the vote.
using john unwin's study of third-century rome, buchanan shows that the collapse of the former pagan religion occurred through mass abortion and infanticide, and that because they were forbidden as christians to murder, christians had far more children than pagans and thus were able to become a majority in rome.	using john unwin's study of third-century rome, buchanan claims that the collapse of the former pagan religion occurred through mass abortion and infanticide, and that because they were forbidden as christians to murder, christians had far more children than pagans and thus were able to become a majority in rome.
jan hooks, 57, american comedienne and actress (saturday night live, designing women, batman returns), cancer.	jan hooks, 57, american comedian and actress (saturday night live, designing women, batman returns), cancer.
land value also appears to be much maldistributed than income.	land value also has been alleged to be much maldistributed than income.
he attended the prestigious valley forge military academy boarding school in wayne, pa. he received his undergraduate degree from syracuse university, and served in the united states army during the korean war.	he attended the valley forge military academy boarding school in wayne, pa. he received his undergraduate degree from syracuse university, and served in the united states army during the korean war.
he and nevill josiah aylmer coghill were pursued by zulu warriors and after experiencing great difficulty in crossing the swollen buffalo river, during which time the colour was unfortunately carried downstream, the two men were overtaken by the enemy and following a short but gallant struggle both were killed.	he and nevill josiah aylmer coghill were pursued by zulu warriors and after experiencing great difficulty in crossing the swollen buffalo river, during which time the colour was lost and carried downstream, the two men were overtaken by the enemy and following a short but gallant struggle both were killed.
the drug- addled imagery and ambience of the time abounds.	the drug- influenced imagery and ambience of the time abounds.
the following season, ashton scored his first goal for stevenage in a 2-0 victory over eastbourne borough, scoring with a strong header.	the following season, ashton scored his first goal for stevenage in a 2-0 victory over eastbourne borough, scoring with a header.
no longer being produced by lou casabianca who nonetheless receives an album design credit, bayet solely wrote each track.	no longer being produced by lou casabianca who receives an album design credit, bayet solely wrote each track.
the main rationale for the iraq war offered by u.s. president george w. bush, former prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair, former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar and their domestic and foreign supporters, was the belief that iraq possessed and was actively developing weapons of mass destruction (wmd).	the main rationale for the iraq war offered by u.s. president george w. bush, former prime minister of the united kingdom tony blair, former prime minister of spain jos mara aznar and their domestic and foreign supporters, was the allegement that iraq possessed and was actively developing weapons of mass destruction (wmd).
army liberates the krak des chevaliers	army capture the krak des chevaliers
in iraq, most of the deaths since the 2003 us conquest have not been suffered by us troops but by civilians, as warring factions plunged the country into civil war based on ethnic and religious hostilities.	in iraq, most of the deaths since the 2003 us invasion have not been suffered by us troops but by civilians, as warring factions plunged the country into civil war based on ethnic and religious hostilities.
"kath hayhurst has produced a fascinating book of photographs and annotations entitled ""burton-in-kendal, clawthorpe and dalton photographic memories""."	"kath hayhurst has produced a book of photographs and annotations entitled ""burton-in-kendal, clawthorpe and dalton photographic memories""."
in establishments where it is tolerated, which may be found notably in the netherlands, in christiania, and in certain parts of canada, cannabis is enjoyed as well.	in establishments where it is tolerated, which may be found notably in the netherlands, in christiania, and in certain parts of canada, cannabis is smoked as well.
the couple had a daughter, jill fletcher, an actress and comedienne .	the couple had a daughter, jill fletcher, an actress and comedian .
entering politics at the young age of 21, henry carey served twice as member of parliament, representing buckingham during 15471550, 15541555. he was knighted in november 1558 and created baron by his first cousin elizabeth i of england on 13 january 1559. his sister, catherine, was one of elizabeth's favourite ladies-in-waiting and the queen was very generous to her boleyn relatives.	entering politics at the age of 21, henry carey served twice as member of parliament, representing buckingham during 15471550, 15541555. he was knighted in november 1558 and created baron by his first cousin elizabeth i of england on 13 january 1559. his sister, catherine, was one of elizabeth's favourite ladies-in-waiting and the queen was very generous to her boleyn relatives.
"his last view of the land he had inhabited was by moonlight on his beloved mountain estate at 2:00 a.m. while tending to her husband after his long illness, mabel whispered, ""don't leave me."""	"his last view of the land he had inhabited was by moonlight on his mountain estate at 2:00 a.m. while tending to her husband after his long illness, mabel whispered, ""don't leave me."""
and began a fued with then babyface and newcomer, randy orton.	and began a feud with then babyface and newcomer, randy orton.
amithlon also shares internally a minimal amiga emulator to let the software born for 68000 to run on the fly thru a jit (just in time) motorola 68000 code emulator, but it is not a true amiga emulator, because it provides no emulation of the amiga original agnus, paula and denise coprocessors which granted amiga of audio, video, i/o and memory features.	amithlon also shares internally a minimal amiga emulator to let the software born for 68000 to run on the fly thru a jit (just in time) motorola 68000 code emulator, but it is not a full amiga emulator, because it provides no emulation of the amiga original agnus, paula and denise coprocessors which granted amiga of audio, video, i/o and memory features.
he is best known for portraying the young version of alan turing (played by benedict cumberbatch) in the oscar nominated film the imitation game (2014).	he is known for portraying the young version of alan turing (played by benedict cumberbatch) in the oscar nominated film the imitation game (2014).
the fatah-hamas conflict , sometimes referred to as the palestinian civil war (arabic: ), began in 2006 and has continued, in one form or another, into the middle of 2007. the conflict is between the two main palestinian factions, fatah and hamas, with each vying to assume political control of the palestinian territories.	the fatah-hamas conflict , also referred to as the palestinian civil war (arabic: ), began in 2006 and has continued, in one form or another, into the middle of 2007. the conflict is between the two main palestinian factions, fatah and hamas, with each vying to assume political control of the palestinian territories.
with the news of his release, he finally drew a close on his gliterring career.	with the news of his release, he finally drew a close on his career.
salmoni dated comedienne chelsea handler in 2010.	salmoni dated comedian chelsea handler in 2010.
better site on tr not affiliated with tra	another site on tr not affiliated with tra
the ferguson police department controversially released a video of a convenience store robbery which occurred minutes before the shooting.	the ferguson police department later released a video of a convenience store robbery which occurred minutes before the shooting.
"for example, ""narcotic"" was elected to the dubious honor of ""second best song of all times"" by a local german radio station (the best song being ""stairway to heaven"" by led zeppelin)."	"for example, ""narcotic"" was elected to the honor of ""second best song of all times"" by a local german radio station (the best song being ""stairway to heaven"" by led zeppelin)."
samahni valley is a valley situated on the loc (line of control) that separates azad kashmir from indian-held kashmir.	samahni valley is a valley situated on the loc (line of control) that separates azad kashmir from jammu and kashmir .
despite sony's best efforts, the umd format has been cracked.	despite sony's efforts, the umd format has been cracked.
and theologian david ray griffin listed hufschmid's questions among the reasons to re-investigate the events of 9/11 in his influential book the new pearl harbor.	and theologian david ray griffin listed hufschmid's questions among the reasons to re-investigate the events of 9/11 in his book the new pearl harbor.
"the danish feminist group feminist forum said her appearance ""strengthens ethnic and gender equality in denmark"" but the controversial women for freedom association said, ""the choice of asma abdol-hamid (sic) ... is an insult to both danish and muslim women."""	"the danish feminist group feminist forum said her appearance ""strengthens ethnic and gender equality in denmark"" but the women for freedom association said, ""the choice of asma abdol-hamid (sic) ... is an insult to both danish and muslim women."""
amman is aggressively positioning itself as a hub for business, and new projects are continually transforming the city's skyline.	amman is positioning itself as a hub for business, and new projects are continually transforming the city's skyline.
in 2009 he won another emmy for his reporting on the inhumane slaughter of racehorses who were no longer making money for their owners.	in 2009 he won another emmy for his reporting on the slaughter of racehorses who were no longer making money for their owners.
the whopper is the main hamburger sold by the international fast-food restaurant chain burger king and its australian franchise hungry jack's.	the whopper is the main hamburger sold by the fast-food restaurant chain burger king and its australian franchise hungry jack's.
begin issued a call to arms and from 194448 the irgun launched an all-out armed rebellion, perpetrating hundreds of terrorist attacks against british installations and posts.	begin issued a call to arms and from 194448 the irgun launched an all-out armed rebellion, perpetrating hundreds of attacks against british installations and posts.
valene and gary got together and were briefly happy after dannys murder (by julie, as revenge for her mothers death), but a fall off a horse led to a campy storyline where valene went insane.	valene and gary got together and were briefly happy after dannys murder (by julie, as revenge for her mothers death), but a fall off a horse led to a lighthearted and humerous storyline where valene went insane.
unfortunately it has not operated through angola since the 1970s, due to the civil war there.	it has not operated through angola since the 1970s, due to the civil war there.
microsoft publisher – software for creating newsletters, business cards, flyers, greeting cards or even postcards.	microsoft publisher – software for creating newsletters, business cards, flyers, greeting cards or postcards.
hamad bin abdulaziz al-kawari (born january 1, 1948 in al ghariyah, qatar) is a qatari diplomat and statesman .	hamad bin abdulaziz al-kawari (born january 1, 1948 in al ghariyah, qatar) is a qatari diplomat and politician.
this nikaya consists of fifteen (thailand), seventeen (sri lanka), or eighteen books (burma) in different editions on various topics by the buddha and his chief disciples.	this nikaya consists of fifteen (thailand), seventeen (sri lanka), or eighteen books (burma) in different editions on various topics attributed to the buddha and his chief disciples.
category:bemani video games	category:bemani games
as the individualtransfers weight from the toes to the metatarsus, the foot will roll in a medial direction, such that the weight is distributed evenly across the metatarsus.	as the individual transfers weight from the toes to the metatarsus, the foot will roll in a medial direction, such that the weight is distributed evenly across the metatarsus.
these notes contain what some consider to be the first computer program that is, an algorithm designed to be carried out by a machine.	these notes contain what many consider to be the first computer program that is, an algorithm designed to be carried out by a machine.
la la land received overwhelming critical acclaim upon its release and is regarded as one of the best films of 2016. critics praised chazelle's screenplay and direction, gosling and stone's performances, justin hurwitz's musical score, and the film's musical numbers.	la la land received a large amount of critical acclaim upon its release and is regarded as one of the best films of 2016. critics praised chazelle's screenplay and direction, gosling and stone's performances, justin hurwitz's musical score, and the film's musical numbers.
"the nrsv by contrast adopted a policy of gender- neutral language: ""the mandates from the division specified that, in references to men and women, masculine-oriented language should be eliminated as far as this can be done without altering passages that reflect the historical situation of ancient patriarchal culture."""	"the nrsv by contrast adopted a policy of gender- inclusive language: ""the mandates from the division specified that, in references to men and women, masculine-oriented language should be eliminated as far as this can be done without altering passages that reflect the historical situation of ancient patriarchal culture."""
love parade is a place to exhibit and enjoy other people's exhibitionist tendencies.	love parade is a place where some exhibit and enjoy other people's exhibitionist tendencies.
this is contrary to the orthodox christology that jesus christ has two wills (human and divine) corresponding to his two natures.	this is contrary to the more common christology that jesus christ has two wills (human and divine) corresponding to his two natures.
the french olympic committee (foc) had scheduled the rugby event to kick off the 1924 paris games, and lowly romania and the usa were to provide only token opposition for the european champions, france the team was picked to win the gold medal in grand style.	the french olympic committee (foc) had scheduled the rugby event to kick off the 1924 paris games, and romania and the usa were to provide only token opposition for the european champions, france the team was picked to win the gold medal in grand style.
notable holcombians include david harvey, an eminent geographer and social theorist, len hynds - now a senior policeman who helped set up and lead the national hi-tech crime unit and is currently assistant director of its replacement, the serious organised crime agency (soca), and bestselling author and screenwriter stel pavlou.	notable holcombians include david harvey, an eminent geographer and social theorist, len hynds - now a senior policeman who helped set up and lead the national hi-tech crime unit and is currently assistant director of its replacement, the serious organised crime agency (soca), and author and screenwriter stel pavlou.
(leading to a hilarious result).	(leading to a humorous result).
in addition to compiling the responses from more than 200 fly fishermen in 38 states, marbury provided introductory material on stream entomology, which she had first written for publication in outdoor periodicals, as well as histories of the flies discussed (including a fascinating passage of indian lore about how glooskap conquered the great bull-frog, and in what manner all the pollywogs, crabs, leeches, and other water creatures were created).	in addition to compiling the responses from more than 200 fly fishermen in 38 states, marbury provided introductory material on stream entomology, which she had first written for publication in outdoor periodicals, as well as histories of the flies discussed (including a passage of indian lore about how glooskap conquered the great bull-frog, and in what manner all the pollywogs, crabs, leeches, and other water creatures were created).
the theme of the boston tea party, an iconic event in american history, has long been used by anti-tax protesters.	the theme of the boston tea party, an event in american history, has long been used by anti-tax protesters.
the illyrian city of epidamnos (strabo geography vi.316), later the roman dyrrachium (modern durrs, albania, ca.	the ancient greek city of epidamnos (strabo geography vi.316), later the roman dyrrachium (modern durrs, albania, ca.
they plotted their massacre over several days and managed to conceal their plans from most of the french; those who overheard and warned chpart of an attack were considered untruthful and were punished.	they plotted their attack over several days and managed to conceal their plans from most of the french; those who overheard and warned chpart of an attack were considered untruthful and were punished.
due in part to howard stern's historically combative relationship with wnbc, stern has regularly blasted imus.	due in part to howard stern's historically combative relationship with wnbc, stern has regularly criticized imus.
then she qualified in new haven winning 3 tough matches but unfortunately had a tough task in the first round and lost to bartoli.	then she qualified in new haven winning 3 tough matches but had a tough task in the first round and lost to bartoli.
the timing of the vote may have adversely affected his candidacy, as it was held shortly after the release of the now-infamous mitchell report.	the timing of the vote may have adversely affected his candidacy, as it was held shortly after the release of the mitchell report.
"cincinnati chili (or ""cincinnati-style chili"") is a regional style of chili con carne characterized by the use of unusual seasonings such as cinnamon, cloves, allspice or chocolate."	"cincinnati chili (or ""cincinnati-style chili"") is a regional style of chili con carne characterized by the use of seasonings such as cinnamon, cloves, allspice or chocolate."
laws requiring these markings were made because of incidents where civilians - usually children or teenagers - were murdered by police officers at times of low visibility (such as dusk or nightfall) when the officers thought they saw real guns, but these incidents were very rare.	laws requiring these markings were made because of incidents where civilians - usually children or teenagers - were killed by police officers at times of low visibility (such as dusk or nightfall) when the officers thought they saw real guns, but these incidents were very rare.
the world and everything in it is supposed to alternate between periods of activity (manvantaras) and periods of passivity (pralayas).	the world and everything in it is said to alternate between periods of activity (manvantaras) and periods of passivity (pralayas).
the story of stuff is a short polemical animated documentary about the lifecycle of material goods.	the story of stuff is a short animated documentary about the lifecycle of material goods.
"despite his harrowing experience as an addict, frusciante does not view his drug use as a ""dark period"" in his life."	"despite his experience as an addict, frusciante does not view his drug use as a ""dark period"" in his life."
at the time, the british described such political violence as jewish or zionist terrorism, though the latter is regarded as a political epithet in reference to present day events outside that historical context.	at the time, the british described such political violence as jewish or zionist terrorism, though the latter is used as a political epithet in reference to present day events outside that historical context.
the refugees declared taipei to be the provisional capital of a continuing republic of china, with the official capital at nanjing (nanking) even though that city was under communist occupation .	the refugees declared taipei to be the provisional capital of a continuing republic of china, with the official capital at nanjing (nanking) even though that city was under communist control .
"wikipedia co- founder jimmy wales (username ""jwales"")"	"wikipedia founder jimmy wales (username ""jwales"")"
she espouses the same conservationist philosophy as her parents.	she shares the same conservationist philosophy as her parents.
however, the small scottish episcopal church has maintained the line of bishops of both dioceses through to the present day.	however, the small scottish episcopal church claims to have maintained the line of bishops of both dioceses through to the present day.
"he is, however, the creator of the ""get out of hell free"" card (his response to a humorless ""this is true"" reader who complained that a story about feng shui was ""anti-christian""), the internet spam primer, and several other web sites."	"he is, however, the creator of the ""get out of hell free"" card (his response to a ""this is true"" reader who complained that a story about feng shui was ""anti-christian""), the internet spam primer, and several other web sites."
"classic panel of ""spider-man no more!"""	"panel of ""spider-man no more!"""
cei is an outspoken anthropogenic climate change denialist and an opponent of government action that would require limits on greenhouse gas emissions.	cei is an outspoken anthropogenic climate change skeptic and an opponent of government action that would require limits on greenhouse gas emissions.
the seventh-day adventist church is a christian denomination distinguished by their doctrinal beliefs that the literal, visible second coming of jesus christ is imminent, and that the seventh-day sabbath of the old testament is the authentic biblical sabbath which is still relevant today.	the seventh-day adventist church is a christian denomination distinguished by their doctrinal beliefs that the literal, visible second coming of jesus christ is imminent, and that the seventh-day sabbath of the old testament is the authentic biblical day of rest and worship which is still relevant today.
"on june 6, 2007, the discovery times channel presented a television program on the robert kennedy case entitled ""conspiracy test: the rfk assassination,"" which provides evidence strongly suggesting that convicted gunman sirhan sirhan did not act alone."	"on june 6, 2007, the discovery times channel presented a television program on the robert kennedy case entitled ""conspiracy test: the rfk assassination,"" which provides evidence suggesting that convicted gunman sirhan sirhan did not act alone."
in december 1991 with the soviet union imploding, shaumian was claimed by the breakaway nagorno-karabakh republic and became the focus for considerable fighting.	in december 1991 with the soviet union imploding, shaumian was claimed by the nagorno-karabakh republic and became the focus for considerable fighting.
"super received mixed reviews from the consensus of critics so far, with only a 48% positive rating on review aggregate website rotten tomatoes, which is currently labeling the film ""rotten."""	"super received mixed reviews from the consensus of critics so far, with a 48% positive rating on review aggregate website rotten tomatoes, which is currently labeling the film ""rotten."""
therefore, it's easier to imagine what the temple mount was like during the time of christ than it is to accurately describe other parts of the ancient world at that time.	therefore, it's easier to imagine what the temple mount was like during the time of jesus than it is to accurately describe other parts of the ancient world at that time.
"in february 2003, thompson asked permission to file an amicus curiae (or ""friend of the court"") brief in the ohio case of dustin lynch, 16, who was charged with aggravated murder in the slaying of jolynn mishne; lynch was ""obsessed"" with grand theft auto iii."	"in february 2003, thompson asked permission to file an amicus curiae (or ""friend of the court"") brief in the ohio case of dustin lynch, 16, who was charged with aggravated murder in the death of jolynn mishne; lynch was ""obsessed"" with grand theft auto iii."
the rejection of modern translations is based in part on the different original-language texts which were used as source material for the different translations of the holy bible.	the rejection of modern translations is based in part on the different original-language texts which were used as source material for the different translations of the bible.
the secretive bilderberg group meets near milan, italy.	the bilderberg group meets near milan, italy.
taylor also found time to marry sarah washington irving, raise a large family of seven boys and one girl, and serve as a member of the san francisco board of supervisors.	taylor also found time to marry sarah washington irving, raise a family of seven boys and one girl, and serve as a member of the san francisco board of supervisors.
he has written influential articles on contemporary ukrainian issues.	he has written articles on contemporary ukrainian issues.
overall, israel's territory grew by a factor of 4, including about one million arabs placed under israeli occupation .	overall, israel's territory grew by a factor of 4, including about one million arabs placed under israeli rule .
"in may 2017, dore promoted the unsubstantiated conspiracy theory that seth rich was connected to the dnc email leak of 2016. according to david weigel of the washington post, dore ""chewed over the revelation that rich was in contact with wikileaks."""	"in may 2017, dore was accused of promoting the unsubstantiated conspiracy theory that seth rich was connected to the dnc email leak of 2016. according to david weigel of the washington post, dore ""chewed over the revelation that rich was in contact with wikileaks."""
little einsteins is an animated television series on playhouse disney created by a talented team headed by eric weiner of dora the explorer fame, and produced by curious pictures, the baby einstein company and disney channel.	little einsteins is an animated television series on playhouse disney created by a team headed by eric weiner of dora the explorer fame, and produced by curious pictures, the baby einstein company and disney channel.
the battle of swat began on october 25, 2007 and involved the pakistani army and extremists in a fight for control of the swat district of pakistan.	the battle of swat began on october 25, 2007 and involved the pakistani army and taliban-led forces in a fight for control of the swat district of pakistan.
there is a risk that athletes might abuse gene therapy technologies to improve their athletic performance.	there is a probability that athletes might abuse gene therapy technologies to improve their athletic performance.
rutten found a measure of redemption after the upset loss in the first round of the king of pancrase tournament by impressively choking out expert grappler and king of pancrase tournament finalist manabu yamada in his next fight.	rutten found a measure of redemption after the upset loss in the first round of the king of pancrase tournament by choking out expert grappler and king of pancrase tournament finalist manabu yamada in his next fight.
the main series was published by topps comics and ran for 41 issues from january 1995 to september 1998, coinciding with the second through fifth seasons of the television program.	the first series was published by topps comics and ran for 41 issues from january 1995 to september 1998, coinciding with the second through fifth seasons of the television program.
his participation in indian freedom movement and in indian national congress party was historical.	his participation in indian independent movement and in indian national congress party was historical.
tang is best served as a cold drink, although some people prefer to heat it.	tang is most commonly served as a cold drink, although some people prefer to heat it.
after completing the recording for the band's 2005 masterpiece doomsday machine, he took a break from the band in order to concentrate harder on his studies in sweden.	after completing the recording for the band's 2005 album doomsday machine, he took a break from the band in order to concentrate harder on his studies in sweden.
"the cover bears the harp, the national symbol of ireland, along with the words ""european union"" and ""ireland"" in english and irish ."	"the cover bears the harp, the national symbol of ireland, along with the words ""european union"" and ""ireland"" in english and gaelic ."
in 1949, after a career that included work on the manhattan project at los alamos, directed by his brother j. robert oppenheimer, oppenheimer was forced to resign from his position at the university of minnesota as a result of harassment by the house un-american activities committee.	in 1949, after a career that included work on the manhattan project at los alamos, directed by his brother j. robert oppenheimer, oppenheimer was forced to resign from his position at the university of minnesota as a result of inquiry by the house un-american activities committee.
in addition to a completely tobacco-free, alcohol-free, and drug-free campus policy, natural health techniques are provided.	in addition to a tobacco-free, alcohol-free, and drug-free campus policy, natural health techniques are provided.
miranda jane richardson (born 3 march 1958) is an english stage, film and television actress .	miranda jane richardson (born 3 march 1958) is an english stage, film and television actor .
american audiences have recently come to love laurie as a grouchy, pill-popping doctor, but he is best-known in britain for his portrayal of dimwits on several tv comedies.	american audiences have recently come to know laurie as a grouchy, pill-popping doctor, but he is best-known in britain for his portrayal of dimwits on several tv comedies.
"in fall 2006, the magazine introduced two other supplements, ""play"", a sports magazine allegedly published every other month, and ""key"", a real estate magazine published twice a year."	"in fall 2006, the magazine introduced two other supplements, ""play"", a sports magazine published every other month, and ""key"", a real estate magazine published twice a year."
rugby league in western australia describes the minority sport of rugby league, as it is played at amateur level in western australia.	rugby league in western australia describes the sport of rugby league, as it is played at amateur level in western australia.
universal has retained the domestic theatrical and home video rights, while the international rights passed on through different distributors, eventually landing with studiocanal.	universal has retained the domestic theatrical and home video rights, while the international rights passed on through different distributors, eventually residing with studiocanal.
lough neagh is a freshwater lake in northern ireland.	lough neagh is the largest freshwater lake in northern ireland.
the desire to save souls led to heroic efforts on the part of missionaries.	the desire to save souls led to efforts on the part of missionaries.
a dry or semi-dry scrubbing system, unlike the wet scrubber, does not saturate with moisture the flue gas stream that is being treated.	a dry or semi-dry scrubbing system, unlike the wet scrubber, does 1265150not saturate with moisture the flue gas stream that is being treated.
uprandy's donuts is a noted landmark in inglewood, near the 405 freeway.	uprandy's donuts is a landmark in inglewood, near the 405 freeway.
godkiller is a transmedia series of graphic novels, illustrated films, and novels created by award-winning filmmaker matt pizzolo that tells the stories of human beings caught in the crossfire of warring fallen gods.	godkiller is a transmedia series of graphic novels, illustrated films, and novels created by filmmaker matt pizzolo that tells the stories of human beings caught in the crossfire of warring fallen gods.
however, an apparent english equivalent is the extremely obscure word epicaricacy, derived from the greek word , epichaerecacia.	however, an apparent english equivalent is the obscure word epicaricacy, derived from the greek word , epichaerecacia.
both the un and communist forces agreed that pows who did not desire repatriation would be turned over to a neutral nations repatriations commission led by the indian military that would interview individual prisoners and allow them to choose their side in a neutral setting.	both the un and communist forces agreed that pows who did not desire repatriation would be turned over to a neutral nations repatriation commission led by the indian military that would interview individual prisoners and allow them to choose their side in a neutral setting.
following the landmark u.s. supreme court cases district of columbia v. heller and mcdonald v. chicago, which recognized that the second amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm for lawful purposes, lcpgv has become increasingly involved in second amendment litigation by tracking cases raising second amendment claims.	following the landmark u.s. supreme court cases district of columbia v. heller and mcdonald v. chicago, which ruled that the second amendment protects an individual's right to possess a firearm for lawful purposes, lcpgv has become increasingly involved in second amendment litigation by tracking cases raising second amendment claims.
while mocking fox's symptoms.	while imitating fox's symptoms.
skyscrapers and other important landmarks	skyscrapers and other landmarks
the grisly scenes recalled the aftermath of the 1993 shooting-down of a black hawk helicopter by somali militiamen during a failed u.s. operation to hunt down warlords.	the grisly scenes recalled the aftermath of the 1993 shooting-down of a black hawk helicopter by somali militiamen during a u.s. operation to hunt down warlords.
sunglasses at night is a hit song recorded by canadian singer corey hart.	sunglasses at night is a song recorded by canadian singer corey hart.
people have acclaimed its use, training and features for xml differencing, grid view, and data integration.	people have mentioned its use, training and features for xml differencing, grid view, and data integration.
since the college's founding, the original vail manor was insensibly torn down and the t.n.	since the college's founding, the original vail manor was torn down and the t.n.
cinderella ii: dreams come true is a direct-to-video film sequel to the 1950 disney classic cinderella.	cinderella ii: dreams come true is a direct-to-video film sequel to the 1950 disney film cinderella.
with the mass-market availability of gramophone records and radio broadcasts, listeners could purchase recordings of, or listen on radio to recordings or live broadcasts of a huge variety of high-quality songs and musical pieces from around the globe.	with the mass-market availability of gramophone records and radio broadcasts, listeners could purchase recordings of, or listen on radio to recordings or live broadcasts of a huge variety of songs and musical pieces from around the globe.
though it originally referred to gypsies and other travellers, it has come to be used as a term for members of britain's urban underclass .	though it originally referred to gypsies and other travellers, it has come to be used as a term for members of britain's urban lower class .
the two other characters whom we know any beliefs about are book, a christian shepherd (priest), and malcolm reynolds, a former christian who while knowing the existance of god, wants nothing to do with him .	the two other characters whom we know any beliefs about are book, a christian shepherd (priest), and malcolm reynolds, a former christian who while believing in the existance of god, wants nothing to do with him .
from delhi university's prestigious hindu college.	from delhi university's hindu college.
"research by an australian amateur historian, lambis englezos, identified a site at , in a field on the edge of bois faisan (""pheasant wood""), just north of fromelles."	"research by an australian historian, lambis englezos, identified a site at , in a field on the edge of bois faisan (""pheasant wood""), just north of fromelles."
its shape is a wedge with a 56 angle degree made in rusted iron that gradually becomes shiny, ending in an intersection to symbolise hungarian forces that temporarily eradicated the communist dictatorship .	its shape is a wedge with a 56 angle degree made in rusted iron that gradually becomes shiny, ending in an intersection to symbolise hungarian forces that temporarily eradicated the communist leadership .
after completing two terms as a popular councillor, it was widely acknowledged that sohi was contemplating a mayoral run in the 2013 municipal election.	after completing two terms as a councillor, it was widely acknowledged that sohi was contemplating a mayoral run in the 2013 municipal election.
on february 11, neil young started the european leg of his tour with a marvellous concert in antwerp, belgium.	on february 11, neil young started the european leg of his tour with a concert in antwerp , belgium .
a 2006 study conducted by the center for cognitive and social neuroscience at the university of chicago found loneliness can add 30 points to a blood pressure reading for adults over the age of 50. another remarkable finding, from a survey conducted by john cacioppo, a psychologist at the university of chicago, is that doctors say they provide better medical care to patients who have a strong network of family and friends than they do to patients who are alone.	a 2006 study conducted by the center for cognitive and social neuroscience at the university of chicago found loneliness can add 30 points to a blood pressure reading for adults over the age of 50. another finding, from a survey conducted by john cacioppo, a psychologist at the university of chicago, is that doctors say they provide better medical care to patients who have a strong network of family and friends than they do to patients who are alone.
holocaust deniers typically willfully misuse or ignore historical records in order to attempt to prove their conclusions.	holocaust deniers are commonly claimed to willfully misuse or ignore historical records in order to attempt to prove their conclusions.
bob dylan's performance generated controversy for his insensitive comment:	bob dylan's performance generated controversy for his comment:
in the fall of 2006, when his nomination was again before the committee, another letter signed by more than 56 supporters was hastily sent to senator lugar.	in the fall of 2006, when his nomination was again before the committee, another letter signed by more than 56 supporters was sent to senator lugar.
the film received incredibly negative reviews from american critics.	the film received negative reviews from american critics.
the most successfull operation took place on 10 august 2001 when they attacked albanian terrorists located in the village of radua, where sixteen macedonian soldiers had been ambushed and killed in the previous two days.	the most successfull operation took place on 10 august 2001 when they attacked albanian militants located in the village of radua, where sixteen macedonian soldiers had been ambushed and killed in the previous two days.
fat head, a documentary criticizing super size me and debunking the lipid hypothesis	fat head, a documentary criticizing super size me and seeks to refute the lipid hypothesis
it is persuasively rumoured that the true reason for this is that for every year she stays unwed, clapton is legally obliged to pay her 250,000 as a result of a harsh divorce settlement.	it is persuasively rumoured that the true reason for this is that for every year she stays unwed, clapton is legally obliged to pay her 250,000 as a result of a divorce settlement.
her claims against the government of sri lanka has been criticized over the fact that she acts as per the pro-western ideology and inquires only about the last part of the civil war in the country, completely missing out the initial 30 years of the civil war that was prevailed.	her claims against the government of sri lanka has been criticized over the claim that she acts as per the pro-western ideology and inquires only about the last part of the civil war in the country, completely missing out the initial 30 years of the civil war that was prevailed.
"puttin' on the ritz: although berlin's 1930 song was originally written for vaudevillian harry richman, it has become indelibly associated with astaire, who also recorded it for columbia in 1930. in this tap solo with cane, which was widely billed as ""astaire's last dance"", the lyrics are updated , replacing racist references to ritzy harlemites with wealthy whites strutting their stuff up and down lenox avenue in harlem."	"puttin' on the ritz: although berlin's 1930 song was originally written for vaudevillian harry richman, it has become indelibly associated with astaire, who also recorded it for columbia in 1930. in this tap solo with cane, which was widely billed as ""astaire's last dance"", the lyrics are updated , replacing references to ritzy harlemites with wealthy whites strutting their stuff up and down lenox avenue in harlem."
"described as a ""young lad"" who saved princess zelda's elderly nursemaid impa from ganon's henchmen, link assumes the role of the generic hero attempting to rescue princess zelda (and the kingdom of hyrule) from the evil wizard ganon, who has stolen the triforce of power."	"described as a ""young lad"" who saved princess zelda's elderly nursemaid impa from ganon's henchmen, link assumes the role of the hero attempting to rescue princess zelda (and the kingdom of hyrule) from the evil wizard ganon, who has stolen the triforce of power."
from 1977 to 1978 she worked as a spokesman for charter 77.	from 1977 to 1978 she worked as a spokesperson for charter 77.
the latter now revealed that the original carrion had indeed been a clone of warren, created to incubate a virus to destroy mankind , but that it had been released too early and failed in its mission.	the latter now revealed that the original carrion had indeed been a clone of warren, created to incubate a virus to destroy humankind , but that it had been released too early and failed in its mission.
this may be due to aggressively harassing users of other apple software to download safari in apple software update.	this may be due to aggressively cuing users of other apple software to download safari in apple software update.
yasukuni shrine yushukan museum, which neighbors yasukuni shrine in japan, place the blame on chinese terrorists .	yasukuni shrine yushukan museum, which neighbors yasukuni shrine in japan, place the blame on chinese militias .
yugoslavia solved the national issue or nations and nationalities (national minorities) in a way that all nations and nationalities had same rights, the right to use ones own flags, defaced with a red star in the centre or in the canton.	yugoslavia solved the national issue or nations and nationalities (national minorities) in a way that all nations and nationalities had same rights, the right to use ones own flags, superimposed with a red star in the centre or in the canton.
figures familiar to jews would have included enoch from the popular non-biblical work called 1 enoch); the 5th-century sage ezra; baruch the companion of the prophet jeremiah (from a work called 2 baruch, in which baruch is promised he will ascend to heaven after 40 days); levi the ancestor of priests; the teacher of righteousness from the qumran community; the prophet elijah (from 2 kings); moses, who was deified on entering heaven; and the children of job, who according to the testament of job ascended heaven following their resurrection from the dead.	figures familiar to jews would have included enoch from the non-biblical work called 1 enoch); the 5th-century sage ezra; baruch the companion of the prophet jeremiah (from a work called 2 baruch, in which baruch is promised he will ascend to heaven after 40 days); levi the ancestor of priests; the teacher of righteousness from the qumran community; the prophet elijah (from 2 kings); moses, who was deified on entering heaven; and the children of job, who according to the testament of job ascended heaven following their resurrection from the dead.
may 12, 2007 massacre	may 12, 2007 karachi riots
karen ann graham (born 1945) is a supermodel from the 1970s and the 1980s and a respected fly-fishing expert.	karen ann graham (born 1945) is a model from the 1970s and the 1980s and a respected fly-fishing expert.
in the spring of 1994, limbaugh appeared on the cover of the well-known magazine cigar aficionado and shared the story of his conversion to cigars.	in the spring of 1994, limbaugh appeared on the cover of the magazine cigar aficionado and shared the story of his conversion to cigars.
social conservatives want a strong government to enforce christian morality.	social conservatives want a strong government to conserve christian morality.
the recording was tense and protracted, because young was often absent and the band was unable to keep a permanent bass player.	the recording has been stated by some as tense and protracted , because young was often absent and the band was unable to keep a permanent bass player.
totie fields, actress/ comedienne	totie fields, actress/ comedian
he is mostly remembered for his freestyling, his critically acclaimed album lifestylez ov da poor & dangerous and his untimely death at the age of twenty four.	he is mostly remembered for his freestyling, his critically acclaimed album lifestylez ov da poor & dangerous and his death at the age of twenty four.
students of the university are involved in a number of high-profile projects, including:	students of the university are involved in a number of projects, including:
as of 2004 only 16 of the initiative's 300 officers were themselves black.	as of 2004 , 16 of the initiative's 300 officers were themselves black.
activists opposed to illegal immigration have shown that the high security mexican cid is subject to identity theft by even non-mexican citizens by obtaining the mexican ids for u.s. citizens.	persons opposed to illegal immigration have shown that the high security mexican cid is subject to identity theft by even non-mexican citizens by obtaining the mexican ids for u.s. citizens.
hitler, the nazi party and atheism	hitler, the nazi party and religious neutrality
the film was shot in just six days in santa monica, california.	the film was shot in six days in santa monica, california.
in a memorable scene, the swedish actor reine brynolfsson climbs up on the goat (outrageously drunk) and stands on top of it screaming that he is going to torch it, which he then does.	in a scene, the swedish actor reine brynolfsson climbs up on the goat (outrageously drunk) and stands on top of it screaming that he is going to torch it, which he then does.
there are over 1000 paintings, drawings and sculptures, a fascinating selection of theatrical memorabilia, and thousands of prints and photographs.	there are over 1000 paintings, drawings and sculptures, a selection of theatrical memorabilia, and thousands of prints and photographs.
unlike the more moderate party of bible-abiding christians, the party's platform overlaps with far-right ideology, emphasising anti-zionism, nationalism, anti-pluralism and ethnic collectivism.	unlike the more liberal party of bible-abiding christians, the party's platform overlaps with far-right ideology, emphasising anti-zionism, nationalism, anti-pluralism and ethnic collectivism.
he then searched for a conservative political organization protesting against such an extraordinary demand of zainichi koreans, but could find none.	he then searched for a conservative political organization protesting against what he regarded as an extraordinary demand of zainichi koreans, but could find none.
rivalry between iran and some arab states, along with the emergence of pan-arabism and arab nationalism, has seen the fake term arabian gulf used in few arab countries.	rivalry between iran and some arab states, along with the emergence of pan-arabism and arab nationalism, has seen the term arabian gulf used in few arab countries.
the correctional complex sits on point san quentin, which comprises of desirable waterfront real estate overlooking the north side of san francisco bay.	the correctional complex sits on point san quentin, which comprises of waterfront real estate overlooking the north side of san francisco bay.
on june 15, 1992, after the capture of the goranboy district, azerbaijan launched an offensive in the direction of martakert .	on june 15, 1992, after the capture of the goranboy district, azerbaijan launched an offensive in the direction of mardakert .
della may fox (october 13, 1870 - june 15, 1913) was an american singing comedienne , whose popularity peaked in the 1890s when the diminutive fox appeared opposite the very tall de wolf hopper in several musicals.	della may fox (october 13, 1870 - june 15, 1913) was an american singing comedian , whose popularity peaked in the 1890s when the diminutive fox appeared opposite the very tall de wolf hopper in several musicals.
this concern rests on the incorrect contention that the federal reserve, created in 1913, is unconstitutionally issuing and regulating american currency as it is a quasi-government entity and not part of the legislative branch of the united states government.	this concern rests on the contention that the federal reserve, created in 1913, is unconstitutionally issuing and regulating american currency as it is a quasi-government entity and not part of the legislative branch of the united states government.
a study by the program on international policy attitudes, sponsored by the ford, carnegie, and tides foundations, claims that viewers of fox news were more likely to hold misconceptions than viewers of any other network (, link in pdf).	a study by the program on international policy attitudes , sponsored by the ford, carnegie, and tides foundations, reports that viewers of fox news were more likely to hold misconceptions than viewers of any other network (, link in pdf).
grand duchess maria vladimirovna of russia, (mariya vladimirovna romanova, cyrillic: ) (born december 23, 1953) has held the headship of the imperial family of russia and title titular empress and autocrat of all the russias since 1992. throughout her life she has used as her title and style of pretension her imperial highness grand duchess maria vladimirovna of russia.	grand duchess maria vladimirovna of russia, (mariya vladimirovna romanova, cyrillic: ) (born december 23, 1953) has been a claimant to the headship of the imperial family of russia and title titular empress and autocrat of all the russias since 1992. throughout her life she has used as her title and style of pretension her imperial highness grand duchess maria vladimirovna of russia.
"refuting the idea that it is not possible to ""meaningfully apologise for something a former generation did,"" livingstone emphasized that london and by implication the rest of the developed world still profited enormously from the assets accumulated in the slave era, adding ""it was the racial murder of not just those who were transported but generations of enslaved african men, women and children."	"rejecting the idea that it is not possible to ""meaningfully apologise for something a former generation did,"" livingstone emphasized that london and by implication the rest of the developed world still profited enormously from the assets accumulated in the slave era, adding ""it was the racial murder of not just those who were transported but generations of enslaved african men, women and children."
in november 2000, the sisters lost their beloved mother sarah; in 2003, sister anita lost her only child jada to cancer.	in november 2000, the sisters lost their mother sarah; in 2003, sister anita lost her only child jada to cancer.
the leland stanford junior university, commonly referred to as stanford university or stanford, is a prestigious american private research university located in stanford, california on an campus near palo alto.	the leland stanford junior university, commonly referred to as stanford university or stanford, is a american private research university located in stanford, california on an campus near palo alto.
the bandura ensemble still performed as an independent group but the powerful combination with the four part choral vocals of the ivasiuk folk ensemble was the high watermark for both groups.	the bandura ensemble still performed as an independent group but the combination with the four part choral vocals of the ivasiuk folk ensemble was the high watermark for both groups.
neither side restrained their forces, striving for a decision; even the french fought hard, but for the fourth time allowed themselves to get separated from the english fleet.	neither side restrained their forces, striving for a decision; the french fought hard, but for the fourth time allowed themselves to get separated from the english fleet.
new analog synthesizers now also accompany the large number from the digital world, including its many popular software synthesizers.	new analog synthesizers now also accompany the large number from the digital world, including its many software synthesizers.
"his attorney dennis edney has summarised the animosity towards khadr stating that ""one of the problems"" with defending the youth is that he's a member of the khadr family rather than ""a smith or an arar"""	"his attorney dennis edney has summarised the differential response towards khadr stating that ""one of the problems"" with defending the youth is that he's a member of the khadr family rather than ""a smith or an arar"""
"too many products claim they are ""green"" by putting green leaves or recycling logos on their product to show consumers that the company is environmental friendly."	"many products claim they are ""green"" by putting green leaves or recycling logos on their product to show consumers that the company is environmental friendly."
gordon w. juckes (june 20, 1914 in watrous, saskatchewan october 5, 1994) was a minor league hockey player and long-time hockey executive.	gordon w. juckes (june 20, 1914 in watrous, saskatchewan october 5, 1994) was a minor league hockey player and hockey executive.
robinson was involved in the new politics initiative and the ndp's renewal process, although he remained committed to the party after the npi's decisive defeat at the 2001 general convention in winnipeg, manitoba.	robinson was involved in the new politics initiative and the ndp's renewal process, although he remained committed to the party after the npi's defeat at the 2001 general convention in winnipeg, manitoba.
several islands in the eastern indonesian archipelago are considered continental fragments, although this is still a controversial theory.	several islands in the eastern indonesian archipelago are considered continental fragments, although this is a controversial theory.
the 2004 publication 30 years of adventure: a celebration of dungeons & dragons erroneously suggested that details of gygax's greyhawk campaign were published in this booklet, but in fact, gygax had no plans in 1975 to publish details of the greyhawk world, since he believed that new players of dungeons and dragons would rather create their own worlds than use someone else's.	the 2004 publication 30 years of adventure: a celebration of dungeons & dragons suggested that details of gygax's greyhawk campaign were published in this booklet, but in fact, gygax had no plans in 1975 to publish details of the greyhawk world, since he believed that new players of dungeons and dragons would rather create their own worlds than use someone else's.
she is best known for her role as amy pond in the british science fiction series doctor who.	she is known for her role as amy pond in the british science fiction series doctor who.
at the end of the episode, meg sadly dies of a blood clot, but her baby is saved, and veronica rings in the new year with wallace by her side.	at the end of the episode, meg dies of a blood clot, but her baby is saved, and veronica rings in the new year with wallace by her side.
third position is a nationalist political strand that emphasises its opposition to both communism and capitalism.	third position is a nationalist political thought that emphasises its opposition to both communism and capitalism.
in a july 2009 episode of my life on the d-list, after using profanity in an octomom joke during her routine at new york's legendary apollo theater, griffin claimed that she received a letter banning her from the venue.	in a july 2009 episode of my life on the d-list, after using profanity in an octomom joke during her routine at new york's apollo theater, griffin claimed that she received a letter banning her from the venue.
in keeping in line with the popular tv edited versions of the earlier films, this had hardly any raunchy content at all but fortunatly returned the well known versions of songs from the sixties, woefully lacking since the fifth movie, most likely due to budget.	in keeping in line with the popular tv edited versions of the earlier films, this had hardly any raunchy content at all but returned the well known versions of songs from the sixties, woefully lacking since the fifth movie, most likely due to budget.
a communist sympathiser , he was involved with the student federation as well as communist party during his college days.	a communist, he was involved with the student federation as well as communist party during his college days.
radical essayist and critic randolph bourne (class of 1912);	essayist and critic randolph bourne (class of 1912);
barrett was the author in 1985, of an article that exposed commercial hair analysis as worthless .	barrett was the author in 1985, of an article that exposed commercial hair analysis as flawed .
in physics, topological order is a new kind of order in zero-temperature phase of matter (also known as quantum matter).	in physics, topological order is a kind of order in zero-temperature phase of matter (also known as quantum matter).
"boss drum was the shamen's 1992 album which featured their controversial hit ""ebeneezer goode""."	"boss drum was the shamen's 1992 album which featured their hit ""ebeneezer goode""."
the legal status of foreign teachers instructing students under the age of 6 under the laws of the roc is debatable; however, hess claims to protect all its teachers in any situations where this legality is questioned.	the legal status of foreign teachers instructing students under the age of 6 under the laws of the roc is debatable; however, hess promises to protect all its teachers in any situations where this legality is questioned.
a katyn memorial was firmly opposed by the british government and the local council: both were left-wing labour.	a katyn memorial was firmly opposed by the british government and the local council: both were labour.
some traditionalists also criticised benedict xvi for failing to take the supposed papal oath, the existence of which is disputed, and which films of the 1939, 1958 and 1963 papal coronations shows never featured in those ceremonies.	some traditionalists also criticised benedict xvi for failing to take the papal oath, the existence of which is disputed, and which films of the 1939, 1958 and 1963 papal coronations shows never featured in those ceremonies.
the film is a portrayal of life for the common soldier of the canadian army in england.	the film is an accurate portrayal of life for the common soldier of the canadian army in england.
selection is from serving australian military personnel and involves a gruelling 3 week selection course which assesses both individual attributes and the ability to work effectively in a small team.	selection is from serving australian military personnel and involves a 3 week selection course which assesses both individual attributes and the ability to work effectively in a small team.
in this spin-off series, gladys emerges as the redhaired comedienne cara williams.	in this spin-off series, gladys emerges as the redhaired comedian cara williams.
prior to both the esrb's rating and the release of bully, jack thompson, a miami lawyer and nuisance , filed a lawsuit attempting to have the game blocked from store shelves in florida.	prior to both the esrb's rating and the release of bully, jack thompson, a miami lawyer and video game critic , filed a lawsuit attempting to have the game blocked from store shelves in florida.
on october 12, 2004 a mob of pro-government activists toppled the statue of columbus in caracas and sprayed allusive graffiti over its pedestal.	on october 12, 2004 a croud of pro-government activists toppled the statue of columbus in caracas and sprayed allusive graffiti over its pedestal.
under the older cronquist system, these families were divided among the orders rosales, hamamelidales, and haloragales.	under the cronquist system, these families were divided among the orders rosales, hamamelidales, and haloragales.
that evening he was summoned to the headquarters of the german armed forces commandant in rome, luftwaffe generalmajor kurt mlzer, who had decided that the outrage called for reprisals.	that evening he was summoned to the headquarters of the german armed forces commandant in rome, luftwaffe generalmajor kurt mlzer, who had decided that the killings called for reprisals.
however, after fox news chairman roger ailes was quoted making a joke about the similarity of barack obama's name to that of the terrorist osama bin laden a firestorm of opposition arose in democratic circles against the debate.	however, after fox news chairman roger ailes was quoted making a joke involving the similarity of barack obama's name to that of the terrorist osama bin laden a firestorm of opposition arose in democratic circles against the debate.
"pro-choice, right to choose, women's issues, or women's rights, rather than "" pro-abortion ."""	"pro-choice, right to choose, women's issues, or women's rights, rather than "" opposed to criminalizing abortion ."""
he ends this relationship to be with debra, but their renewed relationship ends tragically with her death.	he ends this relationship to be with debra, but their renewed relationship ends with her death.
this comment, as well as the suggestion that the despicable character travis goes to brown, created an uproar on the brown campus and is the cause of a boycott of the show by some brown greek organizations.	this comment, as well as the suggestion that the unliked character travis goes to brown, created an uproar on the brown campus and is the cause of a boycott of the show by some brown greek organizations.
she also gives the captain a letter, that explains that mizushima has decided not to go back to japan with them, because he must continue burying the dead while studying as a monk and promoting the peaceful nature of mankind .	she also gives the captain a letter, that explains that mizushima has decided not to go back to japan with them, because he must continue burying the dead while studying as a monk and promoting the peaceful nature of humankind .
initially a moderate democrat, he later supported extremely conservative politics and was president of the national rifle association from 1998 to 2003.	initially a moderate democrat, he later supported conservative politics and was president of the national rifle association from 1998 to 2003.
the city is also world famous for its sport, being home to manchester city football club, and having hosted the xvii commonwealth games.	the city is also world famous for its sport, being home to manchester united football club, and having hosted the xvii commonwealth games.
in june 1838, a group of zealous mormons began meeting together in far west under the leadership of sampson avard, jared carter, and george w. robinson to discuss the problem of the dissenters.	in june 1838, a group of mormons began meeting together in far west under the leadership of sampson avard, jared carter, and george w. robinson to discuss the problem of the dissenters.
powerdns is a versatile dns server, written in c++ and licensed under the gpl.	powerdns is a dns server, written in c++ and licensed under the gpl.
"the russian delegate vasily kuznetsov acknowledged after the adoption of resolution 242:"" ... phrases such as 'secure and recognized boundaries'."	"the russian delegate vasily kuznetsov said after the adoption of resolution 242:"" ... phrases such as 'secure and recognized boundaries'."
the state has landed 2.35 billion dollars in funding from the u.s.	the state has been awarded 2.35 billion dollars in funding from the u.s.
mrz `abbs-i-nr (,?-1839) more commonly known as mrz buzurg was the father of bah'u'llh, the prophet- founder of the bah' faith.	mrz `abbs-i-nr (,?-1839) more commonly known as mrz buzurg was the father of bah'u'llh, the founder of the bah' faith.
as troops approached salt lake in northern utah, nervous mormon settlers and paiutes attacked and killed 120 immigrants from arkansas in southern utah.	as troops approached salt lake in northern utah, mormon settlers and paiutes attacked and killed 120 immigrants from arkansas in southern utah.
"the term ""dispensary"" in the united states is used in the to refer to government agencies that sell alcohol , particularly in the state of idaho and the south carolina dispensary."	"the term ""dispensary"" in the united states is used in the to refer to government agencies that sell alcoholic beverage s , particularly in the state of idaho and the south carolina dispensary."
the notion that it is improper to look beyond the borders of the united states in grappling with hard questions has a certain kinship to the view that the u.s. constitution is a document essentially frozen in time as of the date of its ratification, ginsburg sneered .	the notion that it is improper to look beyond the borders of the united states in grappling with hard questions has a certain kinship to the view that the u.s. constitution is a document essentially frozen in time as of the date of its ratification, ginsburg asserted .
his magnificent work, mechanismus der gebirgsbildung (1878), is now regarded as a classic, and it served to inspire professor c lapworth in his brilliant researches on the scottish highlands (see geol.	his work, mechanismus der gebirgsbildung (1878), is now regarded as a classic, and it served to inspire professor c lapworth in his brilliant researches on the scottish highlands (see geol.
secondly, the simultaneous (1968) democratisation of the secondary school system, through the abolition of the studentexamen and the introduction of a large number of secondary school programmes, many of which were vocational in character and not intended to prepare for higher studies but all frequently co-existing in the same schools.	secondly, the simultaneous (1968) reform of the secondary school system, through the abolition of the studentexamen and the introduction of a large number of secondary school programmes, many of which were vocational in character and not intended to prepare for higher studies but all frequently co-existing in the same schools.
"bennett does not support a palestinian state: ""i will do everything in my power to make sure they never get a state."""	"bennett does not accept the right to exist of a palestinian state: ""i will do everything in my power to make sure they never get a state."""
released during hitchcock's meagre period between the lodger (1927) and his breakthrough hits the man who knew too much (1934) and the 39 steps (1935), rich and strange was a consummate failure at both the british and us box office.	released during hitchcock's period between the lodger (1927) and his breakthrough hits the man who knew too much (1934) and the 39 steps (1935), rich and strange was a consummate failure at both the british and us box office.
as at&t contemplated its next major revision to unix, which would eventually become svr4, it was clear that in order to remain competitive with other operating systems, unix should have a standard gui definition.	as at&t contemplated its next major revision to unix, which would eventually become svr4, it was believed by many that in order to remain competitive with other operating systems, unix should have a standard gui definition.
the qur'anic revelations were originally memorised by muhammad's companions as muhammad spoke them, with some being written down by one or more companions on whatever was at hand, from stones to pieces of bark.	the qur'anic verses were originally memorised by muhammad's companions as muhammad spoke them, with some being written down by one or more companions on whatever was at hand, from stones to pieces of bark.
on june 2 members of the world champion steelers were invited to the white house to meet the president of the united states george bush in a celebration to honor the steelers' successful season.	on june 2 members of the super bowl champion steelers were invited to the white house to meet the president of the united states george bush in a celebration to honor the steelers' successful season.
greta scacchi (born 18 february 1960) is an english-australian actress .	greta scacchi (born 18 february 1960) is an english-australian actor .
he was a leading guest at the 1947 wedding of princess elizabeth and philip, duke of edinburgh.	he was a guest at the 1947 wedding of princess elizabeth and philip, duke of edinburgh.
ward defended disgraced clippers owner donald sterling, who was banned from the nba for life and fined $2.5 million by the league after private recordings of him making racist comments were made public.	ward defended clippers owner donald sterling, who was banned from the nba for life and fined $2.5 million by the league after private recordings of him making racist comments were made public.
the semi-brittle shell of chocolate conceals a delightfully chewy, soft pineapple flavoured centre.	the semi-brittle shell of chocolate conceals a chewy, soft pineapple flavoured centre.
perhaps turgeon's best season as an islander was the 1992-93 season when he helped lead the islanders to the wales conference finals where they would lose to eventual stanley cup champion montreal canadiens in five games.	turgeon's best season as an islander was the 1992-93 season when he helped lead the islanders to the wales conference finals where they would lose to eventual stanley cup champion montreal canadiens in five games.
the governor of mecca leads the honored guests who ritually clean the structure, using simple brooms.the door to the holy kaaba, masjid al haram, mecca (hajj)	the governor of mecca leads the honored guests who ritually clean the structure, using simple brooms.the door to the kaaba, masjid al haram, mecca (hajj)
some, such as right-wing jewish commentator mona charen in her 2004 book useful idiots, claim that arnett fabricated the quote.	some, such as right-wing commentator mona charen in her 2004 book useful idiots, claim that arnett fabricated the quote.
assassin's creed: brotherhood has received generally very favourable reviews.	assassin's creed: brotherhood has received generally favourable reviews.
the ban has been supported by a number of french politicians, from the president of the anti- immigrant national front party marine le pen to the socialist prime minister manuel valls, and prompted criticism and ridicule abroad, particularly in english-speaking countries.	the ban has been supported by a number of french politicians, from the president of the anti- immigration national front party marine le pen to the socialist prime minister manuel valls, and prompted criticism and ridicule abroad, particularly in english-speaking countries.
he also made a moving speech during the inauguration of paul martin as canada's prime minister, who in turn pledged to help with the global crisis.	he also made a speech during the inauguration of paul martin as canada's prime minister, who in turn pledged to help with the global crisis.
it is a simple-to-use program, which converts video files from one format to another.	it is a freeware program, which converts video files from one format to another.
sig sauer p229r dak showing the accessory rail, recessed hammer, and lack of a de-cocker as compared to the regular p229.	sig sauer p229r dak showing the accessory rail, recessed hammer, and absence of a de-cocker as compared to the regular p229.
ward 5 saw another near- upset and was the closest councilors race in the election, incumbent alan shefman was challenged by former councilor bernie green and community activist elliott frankl in a race that many saw as the most divisive of the local councilor races.	ward 5 saw another upset and was the closest councilors race in the election, incumbent alan shefman was challenged by former councilor bernie green and community activist elliott frankl in a race that many saw as the most divisive of the local councilor races.
"osaka wrestling restaurant (chinese: or (daai baan taat yat chaan, literally, ""osaka flogs one meal"") is a hong kong comedy film released in 2004. the film features a unique story line taking place in both hong kong and japan."	"osaka wrestling restaurant (chinese: or (daai baan taat yat chaan, literally, ""osaka flogs one meal"") is a hong kong comedy film released in 2004. the film features a story line taking place in both hong kong and japan."
reactions to the roadster were varied, some observers saw it as a marketing success for tesla, while others interpreted it as an art object, and others saw it as space junk .	reactions to the roadster were varied, some observers saw it as a marketing success for tesla, while others interpreted it as an art object, and others saw it as space debris .
netscape navigator is a web browser that once dominated the market but now has only a trivial number of users.	netscape navigator is a web browser that once dominated the market but now has only a relatively small number of users.
however, almost all critics have agreed that ben kingsley's performance is a shining example of diverse acting ability and a show-stealer, though ray winstone and, to a sadly lesser extent, ian mcshane, have been similarly cheered on for their work in the film.	however, almost all critics have agreed that ben kingsley's performance is a shining example of diverse acting ability and a show-stealer, though ray winstone and, to a lesser extent, ian mcshane, have been similarly cheered on for their work in the film.
with this argument, williams left moral philosophy with the notion that goodness must always be self-interested: that it springs only from the desire to be good, a desire that might, at any given moment, in any given person, be terrifyingly absent.	with this argument, williams left moral philosophy with the notion that goodness must always be self-interested: that it springs only from the desire to be good, a desire that might, at any given moment, in any given person, be absent.
unlike college football's current title system, the much-maligned bowl championship series, the new format will not use computer rankings or polls in the selection of its 12 participating teams.	unlike college football's current title system, the bowl championship series, the new format will not use computer rankings or polls in the selection of its 12 participating teams.
dickerson returned from lebanon to the united states and became an actor, taking minor roles in the television series hill street blues, as police commander swanson, and playing detective williams in david lynch's 1986 film blue velvet.	dickerson returned from lebanon to the united states and became an actor, taking roles in the television series hill street blues, as police commander swanson, and playing detective williams in david lynch's 1986 film blue velvet.
he was at the centre of a brilliant literary and intellectual circle including michael ayrton, sacheverell sitwell and anthony powell, and despite powell's denial, he is clearly the prototype of the character hugh moreland in powell's a dance to the music of time.	he was at the centre of a brilliant literary and intellectual circle including michael ayrton, sacheverell sitwell and anthony powell, and despite powell's denial, he is often said to be the prototype of the character hugh moreland in powell's a dance to the music of time.
comedienne phyllis diller has a small part in the movie, along with oscar nominee anne ramsey (d. 1988) in her last role.	comedian phyllis diller has a small part in the movie, along with oscar nominee anne ramsey (d. 1988) in her last role.
most animals, such as monkeys , lacking the capacity for moral judgement, are of this alignment.	most animals, such as bears , lacking the capacity for moral judgement, are of this alignment.
since mid 2011, airbnb has acquired several of its global competitors.	since mid 2011, airbnb has acquired several of its competitors.
"he founded the magnificent collections of ambras and had a museum built for them in the rooms of the ""lower castle"", which was constructed according to the most advanced ideas of his time."	"he founded the notable collections of ambras and had a museum built for them in the rooms of the ""lower castle"", which was constructed according to the most advanced ideas of his time."
this team was noteworthy as the last to be coached by legendary tigers head coach john heisman.	this team was noteworthy as the last to be coached by tigers head coach john heisman.
brought up in the cloistered world of jordan college, oxford, she finds herself embroiled in a cosmic war between angels and a false deity called the authority.	brought up in the cloistered world of jordan college, oxford, she finds herself embroiled in a cosmic war between angels and a deity called the authority.
it only had a small military impact due to the failure of the japanese navy to sink us aircraft carriers, but even if the air carriers had been sunk it would not have helped japan in the long term.	it only had a small military impact due to the failure of the japanese navy to sink us aircraft carriers, but even if the air carriers had been sunk it may not have helped japan in the long term.
"while there have been no controlled studies of the effectiveness of isagenix products, and the company's claims are ""misinformation, unsupported claims, testimonials, and money-making ploys"", many isagenix users are enthusiastic about the product."	"while there have been no controlled studies of the effectiveness of isagenix products, and the company's claims have been characterized as ""misinformation, unsupported claims, testimonials, and money-making ploys"", many isagenix users are enthusiastic about the product."
the inland northern areas of italy (for example turin, milan, and bologna) have a humid subtropical climate (kppen climate classification cfa), while the coastal areas of liguria and the peninsula south of florence generally fit the mediterranean climate stereotype (kppen climate classification csa).	the inland northern areas of italy (for example turin, milan, and bologna) have a humid subtropical climate (kppen climate classification cfa), while the coastal areas of liguria and the peninsula south of florence generally fit the mediterranean climate profile (kppen climate classification csa).
a dialect may be an abstand language (again, with respect to some other dialect) without being an ausbau language.	a variety may be an abstand language (again, with respect to some other dialect) without being an ausbau language.
the festival is the second-largest in lower northern sydney and is a testimony to a modern, multicultural and prosperous chatswood.	the festival is the second-largest in lower northern sydney and is intended as testimony to a modern, multicultural and prosperous chatswood.
although much criticism was directed toward infamous federal emergency management agency michael d. brown, the u.s. house of representatives' select bipartisan committee to investigate the preparation for and response to hurricane katrina lay much of the blame on fema's parent agency, the department of homeland security, and in particular secretary chertoff who failed to designate a principal federal official in a timely manner.	although much criticism was directed toward federal emergency management agency michael d. brown, the u.s. house of representatives' select bipartisan committee to investigate the preparation for and response to hurricane katrina lay much of the blame on fema's parent agency, the department of homeland security, and in particular secretary chertoff who failed to designate a principal federal official in a timely manner.
the feature can be extremely helpful in the following scenarios :	the feature can be helpful in the following scenarios :
"in nauvoo, illinois, persecutions were often based on the tendency of mormons to ""dominate community, economic, and political life wherever they landed."""	"in nauvoo, illinois, conflicts were often based on the tendency of mormons to ""dominate community, economic, and political life wherever they landed."""
nader has also been a strong critic of american foreign policy in recent decades, which he views as corporatist, imperialist, and contrary to fundamental values of democracy and human rights.	nader has also been a critic of american foreign policy in recent decades, which he views as corporatist, imperialist, and contrary to fundamental values of democracy and human rights.
after the june 1967 war, israel occupied territories totaling an additional 7,099 km (2,743 mi).	after the june 1967 war, israel took over territories totaling an additional 7,099 km (2,743 mi).
as well, they have argued that common infrastructure, such as waste and water services, would be more efficiently managed at a regional level.	as well, they have suggested that common infrastructure, such as waste and water services, would be more efficiently managed at a regional level.
it primarily protects nuclear powered electrical generating companies against compensation claims arising from radioactive releases, by establishing an industry-funded insurance scheme (worth $10 billion in 2005) from which no-fault compensation would be paid for injuries or damages.	it primarily protects nuclear powered electrical generating companies against compensation claims arising from radioactive releases, while establishing an industry-funded insurance scheme (worth $10 billion in 2005) from which no-fault compensation would be paid for injuries or damages.
the practice of cannibalism has a peculiarly rich history in china.	the practice of cannibalism has a peculiarly detailed history in china.
famous artists in this genre include andr hazes, willy alberti and koos alberts.	artists in this genre include andr hazes, willy alberti and koos alberts.
in neutral but friendly spain for example, the abwehr had both an ast and a ko, whilst ire had neither.	in neutral but friendly spain for example, the abwehr had both an ast and a ko, whilst ireland had neither.
harlem started in tucson, az before relocating to austin where they generated a mountain of attention, both with their fantastic live shows and their self-issued 2008 lp free drugs;-).	harlem started in tucson, az before relocating to austin where they generated a mountain of attention, both with their live shows and their self-issued 2008 lp free drugs;-).
milton keynes dons have built a strong reputation for youth development, boasts 16 disability teams and its football trust engages around 60 000 people; between 2012 and 2013 the club produced 11 young players who have been called into age group national teams and between 2004 and 2014 the club gave first-team debuts to 14 local academy graduates, including the england international midfielder dele alli.	milton keynes dons have built a strong reputation for youth development, runs 16 disability teams and its football trust engages around 60 000 people; between 2012 and 2013 the club produced 11 young players who have been called into age group national teams and between 2004 and 2014 the club gave first-team debuts to 14 local academy graduates, including the england international midfielder dele alli.
the constitution of ireland, particularly in the form in which it was adopted in 1937, is a mostly secular document as it does guarantees freedom of worship and forbids the state from creating an established church, but it does rightly contain a number of explicit religious references, such as in the preamble, the oath sworn by the president and article 44.1 which reads:	the constitution of ireland, particularly in the form in which it was adopted in 1937, is a mostly secular document as it does guarantees freedom of worship and forbids the state from creating an established church, but it does contain a number of explicit religious references, such as in the preamble, the oath sworn by the president and article 44.1 which reads:
sailors of the japanese maritime self-defense force, one of the de facto military forces possibly permitted under article 9.	sailors of the japanese maritime self-defense force, one of the de facto military forces ostensibly permitted under article 9.
band of brothers is an acclaimed 10-part television world war ii miniseries based on the book of the same title written by historian and biographer stephen ambrose.	band of brothers is an 10-part television world war ii miniseries based on the book of the same title written by historian and biographer stephen ambrose.
a creative midfielder with a good eye for goal, he played in the malaysian league for johor and singapore in the early-1990s.	a midfielder with a good eye for goal, he played in the malaysian league for johor and singapore in the early-1990s.
when the new skyscraping waldorf-astoria was built on park avenue, under the guidance of lucius boomer, the irreplaceable manager of the old waldorf, a cast of furnishers and decorators with good reputations was assembled, to give it a grand yet domestic atmosphere.	when the new skyscraping waldorf-astoria was built on park avenue, under the guidance of lucius boomer, the manager of the old waldorf, a cast of furnishers and decorators with good reputations was assembled, to give it a grand yet domestic atmosphere.
peter lipa on his album beatles in blue(s) (2003), which features unusual cover versions of sixteen beatles songs.	peter lipa on his album beatles in blue(s) (2003), which features cover versions of sixteen beatles songs.
she also supported lt gen moeen u ahmed's military coup in 2007 and promised to legitimate his illegal regime.	she also supported lt gen moeen u ahmed's military coup in 2007 and promised to legitimate his regime.
"there are a great deal sadly that are merely breeding two ""papered"" dogs assuming that is all they need to do."	"there are a great deal that are merely breeding two ""papered"" dogs assuming that is all they need to do."
the day began with the assassination of fourteen of eighteen british agents of the cairo gang, or their informants, by the irish republican army.	the day began with the killing of fourteen of eighteen british agents of the cairo gang, or their informants, by the irish republican army.
because he was alleged to have been born on that day, the christian church designated june 24 as the feast day of the early christian martyr st john the baptist, and the observance of st john's day begins the evening before, known as st john's eve.	because he was believed to have been born on that day, the christian church designated june 24 as the feast day of the early christian martyr st john the baptist, and the observance of st john's day begins the evening before, known as st john's eve.
"sony is often referred to in fiction - but by the clichd parody name of ""fony"" due to sony's attitude to it's products appearing on television without their permision."	"sony is often referred to in fiction - but by the parody name of ""fony"" due to sony's attitude to it's products appearing on television without their permision."
part of the crew of russian cruiser aurora joined the bourgeois 1917 february revolution and at 21:45 7 november 1917, a blank shot from her forecastle gun signalled the start of the attack on the winter palace, which was to be the first episode of the communist russian revolution.	part of the crew of russian cruiser aurora joined the 1917 february revolution and at 21:45 7 november 1917, a blank shot from her forecastle gun signalled the start of the attack on the winter palace, which was to be the first episode of the communist russian revolution.
lutheran protagonists like hans tausen gained considerable support in the population and from christian ii, and though the latter's successor frederick i officially condemned the reformatory ideas, he tolerated their spread.	lutheran figures like hans tausen gained considerable support in the population and from christian ii, and though the latter's successor frederick i officially condemned the reformatory ideas, he tolerated their spread.
in the 2014 propaganda film god's not dead, sorbo starred as professor radisson, an atheist philosophy teacher who was a christain before, but after his mother died lost interest in religion and became atheist.	in the 2014 film god's not dead, sorbo starred as professor radisson, an atheist philosophy teacher who was a christain before, but after his mother died lost interest in religion and became atheist.
"economist branko horvat explains , ""it is now well known that capitalist development leads to the concentration of capital, employment and power."	"economist branko horvat asserts , ""it is now well known that capitalist development leads to the concentration of capital, employment and power."
a byzarre hypothesis claims chios is christopher columbus's birthplace.	a hypothesis claims chios is christopher columbus's birthplace.
the atlantic coast conference, the conference clemson plays in, and the southeastern conference, the conference south carolina plays in, reviewed the tapes of both incidents before handing out proper punishments to players.	the atlantic coast conference, the conference clemson plays in, and the southeastern conference, the conference south carolina plays in, reviewed the tapes of both incidents before handing out punishments to players.
on july 10, 2008 sexson was unceremoniously released by the mariners.	on july 10, 2008 sexson was released by the mariners.
the film features numerous others, such as comedians john candy and imogene coca, supermodel christie brinkley, and future 30 rock regular jane krakowski in smaller roles.	the film features numerous others, such as comedians john candy and imogene coca, model christie brinkley, and future 30 rock regular jane krakowski in smaller roles.
this was later refuted by chester smith, an officer with the east liverpool, ohio, police (hoover would later state smith had shot floyd first).	this was later disputed by chester smith, an officer with the east liverpool, ohio, police (hoover would later state smith had shot floyd first).
jdl defended the massacre of twenty-nine arabs in hebron by dr. baruch goldstein, an israeli physician and jdl activist, in february 1994. the organization's faq section states,	jdl defended the killing of twenty-nine arabs in hebron by dr. baruch goldstein, an israeli physician and jdl activist, in february 1994. the organization's faq section states,
the reorganized army was able to inflict severe damage through guerrilla-style hit-and-run attacks against enemy forces in western sahara and in morocco and mauritania proper.	the reorganized army was able to inflict severe damage through guerrilla-style hit-and-run attacks against opposing forces in western sahara and in morocco and mauritania proper.
"thomas m. cooley law school has consistently been discussed on internet message boards such as xoxohth.com, which claim to be the ""most prestigious"" college admissions discussion board."	"thomas m. cooley law school has consistently been credited with the status of ""the ultimate ttt"" on internet message boards such as xoxohth.com, which claim to be the ""most prestigious"" college admissions discussion board."
people are to believe that cows have poor spelling.	people are to believe that cows have more phonetic spelling.
coco rocha (born september 10, 1988 in toronto, ontario) is a professional canadian irish dancer turned supermodel .	coco rocha (born september 10, 1988 in toronto, ontario) is a professional canadian irish dancer turned model .
soundexchange, along with other interested parties, participates in each periodic rate making proceeding under the section 112 and 114 licenses to establish rates that appropriately compensate copyright owners and performers for the use of copyrighted sound recordings.	soundexchange, along with other interested parties, participates in each periodic rate making proceeding under the section 112 and 114 licenses to establish rates that compensate copyright owners and performers for the use of copyrighted sound recordings.
in october 2008, gass appeared as the character decautur doublewide in the film lower learning.	in october 2008, gass appeared as the character decatur doublewide in the film lower learning.
in 1593, jinju would see another battle, but unfortunately would fall to the japanese.	in 1593, jinju would see another battle, but would fall to the japanese.
canal road is an east-west street and important commuter route in the northwest quadrant of washington, d.c. its western terminus is at chain bridge and the clara barton parkway.	canal road is an east-west street and major commuter route in the northwest quadrant of washington, d.c. its western terminus is at chain bridge and the clara barton parkway.
on june 29, 2005, shortly after mahmoud ahmadinejad won the iranian presidential election, several major news outlets publicized various allegations against him.	on june 29, 2005, shortly after mahmoud ahmadinejad won the iranian presidential election, several major news outlets publicized various criticisms against him.
however, jean-paul sartre and other existentialist philosophers had already co-opted this term for a very different view.	however, jean-paul sartre and other existentialist philosophers had already taken this term for a very different view.
according to figures given by the central intelligence agency (cia), christians which include protestants, catholics, mormons, and non-denominational christians make up a total of only 4.5% of the population of taiwan.	according to figures given by the central intelligence agency (cia), christians which include protestants, catholics, mormons, and non-denominational christians make up a total of 4.5% of the population of taiwan.
a misspelling of poncho, the wonderful peruvian raincoat	a misspelling of poncho, the peruvian raincoat
"epiphany (greek: ', ""appearance"" or ""manifestation"") is a christian feast intended to celebrate the ""shining forth"" or revelation of god to mankind in human form, in the person of jesus."	"epiphany (greek: ', ""appearance"" or ""manifestation"") is a christian feast intended to celebrate the ""shining forth"" or revelation of god to humankind in human form, in the person of jesus."
a depiction of the assassination of francesc ferrer i gurdia during tragic week.	a depiction of the death of francesc ferrer i gurdia during tragic week.
a town with roots in both commercial fishing and yachting, locals purport that marblehead is the birthplace of the american navy, marine corps aviation, and a yachting capital of the united states.	a town with roots in both commercial fishing and yachting, locals allege that marblehead is the birthplace of the american navy, marine corps aviation, and a yachting capital of the united states.
movement of veterans of serbia (serbian: , ; pokret veterana srbije, pvs) is a minor extremist political party in the republic of serbia.	movement of veterans of serbia (serbian: , ; pokret veterana srbije, pvs) is a minor political party in the republic of serbia.
he is no longer associated with the brand, although it has remained true to the high quality, low price business model that he established .	he is no longer associated with the brand, although it has aimed to remain true to the high quality, low price business model that he established.
imessiah steve jobs unveils the apple ipad, a tablet pc at a press conference in san francisco.	steve jobs unveils the apple ipad, a tablet pc at a press conference in san francisco.
practitioners use a technique similar to the laying on of hands as well as gestures in the air to channel healing energy (ki).	practitioners use a technique similar to the laying on of hands as well as gestures in the air , which they say will channel healing energy (ki) .
"alba also had objections to the church's condemnations of premarital sex and homosexuality, and the lack of strong female role models in the bible, explaining ""i thought it was a nice guide, but it certainly wasn't how i was going to live my life."""	"alba also had objections to the church's condemnations of premarital sex and homosexuality, and what she saw as a lack of strong female role models in the bible , explaining ""i thought it was a nice guide, but it certainly wasn't how i was going to live my life."""
while in the late 1980s to early 1990s there was limited discussion over the merits of plasma cosmology, these ideas have generally been ignored by the mainstream cosmology community.	while in the late 1980s to early 1990s there was limited discussion over the merits of plasma cosmology, these ideas have generally been rejected by the mainstream cosmology community.
a combination of many factors has lead to the recent increase in popularity of medical tourism: exorbitant costs of healthcare in industrialized nations, ease and affordability of international travel, favorable currency exchange rates in the global economy, rapidly improving technology and standards of care in many countries of the world.	a combination of many factors has lead to the recent increase in popularity of medical tourism: high costs of healthcare in industrialized nations, ease and affordability of international travel, favorable currency exchange rates in the global economy, rapidly improving technology and standards of care in many countries of the world.
uk viewers obliged us battlestar galactica fans by pirating the episode—uploading torrents to the internet—within hours of its sky one airing.	uk viewers obliged us battlestar galactica fans by illegally copying the episode—uploading torrents to the internet—within hours of its sky one airing.
where red clothing is not worn (perhaps due to uniform regulations), redshits can be distinguished by other tell-tale clues that they are going to die e.g., playing a harmonica in a war film, being close to retirement when a cop, showing people a picture of your children to anyone under any circumstances.	where red clothing is not worn (perhaps due to uniform regulations), redshits can be distinguished by other tell-tale clues that they are going to die e.g., playing a harmonica in a war film, being close to retirement when a cop, showing a picture of your children to anyone under any circumstances.
his mother's passing caused him to pull out of the 1996 mosconi cup pool competition.	his mother's death caused him to pull out of the 1996 mosconi cup pool competition.
towers of london are a controversial punk rock band from london, england who formed in 2004. their music mixes elements of hard rock music with '77-style british punk.	towers of london are a punk rock band from london, england who formed in 2004. their music mixes elements of hard rock music with '77-style british punk .
despite all these facts, the nephew of the late president, talaat al-sadat, claimed that the assassination was an international conspiracy.	despite these facts, the nephew of the late president, talaat al-sadat, claimed that the assassination was an international conspiracy.
the drudge report alleged that ware was audibly laughing and mocking their comments.	the drudge report cited an anonymous official who asserted that ware was audibly laughing and mocking their comments.
i, robot (1950), the first collection of asimov's robot stories, which were all included in the complete robot, though it also contains interesting binding text (mind and iron), no longer in the complete robot.	i, robot (1950), the first collection of asimov's robot stories, which were all included in the complete robot, though it also contains binding text (mind and iron), no longer in the complete robot.
rival publisher steve jackson games nearly went out of business after a 1990 secret service raid seized the company's computers.	publisher steve jackson games nearly went out of business after a 1990 secret service raid seized the company's computers.
microsoft received heavy criticism for only providing the total of 4 16-player servers worldwide for multiplayer use which weren't even officially supported, while coincidentally their use of games for windows live forced anyone wanted to host its own server to buy credit from microsoft.	microsoft received heavy criticism for only providing the total of 4 16-player servers worldwide for multiplayer use which weren't even officially supported, while their use of games for windows live forced anyone wanted to host its own server to buy credit from microsoft.
martyrdom of saint pierre borie under minh mang, 24 november 1838, in tonkin, vietnam.	execution of saint pierre borie under minh mang, 24 november 1838, in tonkin, vietnam.
a domestic shooting occurred on december 24, 2007 that methodically left six dead.	a domestic shooting occurred on december 24, 2007 that left six dead.
there were growing fears especially among western, egyptian, and israeli intelligence agenciesthat egypt was on the brink of a muslim fundamentalist revolution like the appalling one iran had experienced two years earlier.	there were growing fears especially among western, egyptian, and israeli intelligence agenciesthat egypt was on the brink of a muslim fundamentalist revolution like the one iran had experienced two years earlier.
logan is a graduate of the prestigious phillips exeter academy.	logan is a graduate of the phillips exeter academy.
microsoft climbed to greatness on ibm's back, but had to go to great lengths to appease its much larger partner.	microsoft climbed to its market position on ibm's back, but had to go to great lengths to appease its much larger partner.
some critics of prostitution as an institution are supporters of the swedish model , which has also been adopted by canada, iceland, northern ireland, norway and france.	some critics of prostitution as an institution are supporters of the swedish approach , which has also been adopted by canada, iceland, northern ireland, norway and france.
he has made major contributions to the philosophy of religion, and his defense of the kalm cosmological argument is the most widely discussed argument for the existence of god in contemporary western philosophy.	he has made contributions to the philosophy of religion, and his defense of the kalm cosmological argument is the most widely discussed argument for the existence of god in contemporary western philosophy.
wilson realized he needed to enter the war in order to shape the peace; indeed in 1919 he successfully won a league of nations at the paris peace conference.	wilson realized he needed to enter the war in order to shape the peace; indeed your momin 1919 he successfully won a league of nations at the paris peace conference.
within a matter of minutes, the whole rebel left wing had evaporated.	within a matter of minutes, the whole american left wing had evaporated.
fighting ended in 1992 and the country's first free elections were held in 1994.	fighting ended in 1992 and the country's first multi-party elections were held in 1994.
badiuzzaman said nursi, (1877-1960), great islamic scholar	badiuzzaman said nursi, (1877-1960), islamic scholar
this reform would make the cost of health insurance more transparent to consumers, with the intended consequence being that this would increase market pressures to drive health insurance costs down.	this reform aims to make the cost of health insurance more transparent to consumers, with the intended consequence being that this would increase market pressures to drive health insurance costs down.
unfortunately , the panic of 1907 proved economically disastrous as love had to abandon the project.	however , the panic of 1907 proved economically disastrous as love had to abandon the project.
cage plays the antiheroic protagonist, an illegal arms dealer with a striking similarity to russian arms dealer viktor bout.	cage plays the antiheroic protagonist, an illegal arms dealer with a similarity to russian arms dealer viktor bout.
now, shiro uses his new power to protect mankind against destron.	now, shiro uses his new power to protect humanity against destron.
in 2012, the number of terrorist attacks in the west bank rose from 320 in 2011 to 578 in 2012. during that same year, 282 attacks were carried out in jerusalem, compared to 191 in 2011. according to an annual shin bet report, the increase is due in part to a 68% rise of attacks using molotov cocktails.	in 2012, the number of militant attacks in the west bank rose from 320 in 2011 to 578 in 2012. during that same year, 282 attacks were carried out in jerusalem, compared to 191 in 2011. according to an annual shin bet report, the increase is due in part to a 68% rise of attacks using molotov cocktails.
because of a genuine desire not to dilute the vote-percentage for other parties placed at the centre or centre-right, to something below the 5% election threshold, the party started negotiations to join the kdusl election lists.	because of a desire not to dilute the vote-percentage for other parties placed at the centre or centre-right, to something below the 5% election threshold, the party started negotiations to join the kdusl election lists.
ahmed bouchiki (april 13, 1943 - july 21, 1973), an algerian-born moroccan citizen working as a waiter in lillehammer, norway, was murdered by israeli agents of the mossad intelligence agency on july 21, 1973, in what is known as the lillehammer affair.	ahmed bouchiki (april 13, 1943 - july 21, 1973), an algerian-born moroccan citizen working as a waiter in lillehammer, norway, was killed by israeli agents of the mossad intelligence agency on july 21, 1973, in what is known as the lillehammer affair.
at peak seasons, both winter and summer, nearly 500 employees man the operation.	at peak seasons, both winter and summer, nearly 500 employees staff the operation.
"peruta v. san diego is a decision by the united states court of appeals for the ninth circuit pertaining to the legality of san diego county's restrictive policy regarding documentation of ""good cause"" that ""distinguishes the applicant from the mainstream and places the applicant in harm's way"" (cal."	"peruta v. san diego is a decision by the united states court of appeals for the ninth circuit pertaining to the legality of san diego county's policy regarding documentation of ""good cause"" that ""distinguishes the applicant from the mainstream and places the applicant in harm's way"" (cal."
though it does not scan for spyware or adware, it detects the most malicious and evasive viruses and trojans, including the magic lantern keylogging program that is used by the fbi (separating sophos from competitors who cowardishly have agreed to ignore magic lantern).	though it does not scan for spyware or adware, it detects the most malicious and evasive viruses and trojans, including the magic lantern keylogging program that is used by the fbi (separating sophos from competitors who have agreed to ignore magic lantern).
his first recruits were bessie foote from the theatre royal, edinburgh, eliza hamilton from the theatre royal, sadler's wells, sallie turner a comedienne and eldest daughter of henry jameson turner of the royal strand, josephine ruth from the theatre royal, portsmouth, and marion foote; also messrs. frank barsby from the theatre royal, brighton, w. foote from the theatre royal, edinburgh), e. danvers from the royal strand theatre, and mr westland.	his first recruits were bessie foote from the theatre royal, edinburgh, eliza hamilton from the theatre royal, sadler's wells, sallie turner a comedian and eldest daughter of henry jameson turner of the royal strand, josephine ruth from the theatre royal, portsmouth, and marion foote; also messrs. frank barsby from the theatre royal, brighton, w. foote from the theatre royal, edinburgh), e. danvers from the royal strand theatre, and mr westland.
however, the severity of the punishment indicates the seriousness with which the act is seen by god.	however, the severity of the punishment has been interpreted as indicating the seriousness with which the act is seen by god.
he forcibly seized the keys of the tomb of bah'u'llh at the mansion of bahj, expelled its keeper, and demanded that he be recognized by the authorities as the legal custodian of that property.	he seized the keys of the tomb of bah'u'llh at the mansion of bahj, expelled its keeper, and demanded that he be recognized by the authorities as the legal custodian of that property.
as the first openly gay character on the show, langley developed a large gay following.	as the first openly queer character on the show, langley developed a large gay following.
the presidential commission report claims that the autumn 1956 student movement was unique in its ability to organise a protest movement with a well-defined programme, with demands covering the entirety of romanian society.	the presidential commission report states that the autumn 1956 student movement was unique in its ability to organise a protest movement with a well-defined programme, with demands covering the entirety of romanian society.
the penthouse club was a weekly variety program produced live to air from the studios of hsv-7 melbourne from october 10, 1970. it was originally hosted by michael williamson (also a football commentator for hsv) and comedienne mary hardy.	the penthouse club was a weekly variety program produced live to air from the studios of hsv-7 melbourne from october 10, 1970. it was originally hosted by michael williamson (also a football commentator for hsv) and comedian mary hardy.
in sima qian's rationalistic account in the records of the grand historian, she is simply the first consort of emperor ku and qi is one of his children.	in sima qian's rationalistic account in the records of the grand historian, jiang yuan is simply the first consort of emperor ku and qi is one of his children.
in response to concerns over the causes of columbine and other school massacres, some schools instituted new anti-bullying policies as well as so-called zero tolerance approaches to weapons and threatening behavior.	in response to concerns over the causes of columbine and other school massacres, some schools instituted new anti-bullying policies as well as zero tolerance approaches to weapons and threatening behavior.
the idf says it has recovered these items from the mavi marmara; these items, which include knives, sticks, metal bars and other diverse tools, have been used as weapons against the idf by activists on board.	the idf states that it has recovered these items from the mavi marmara; these items, which include knives, sticks, metal bars and other diverse tools, have been used as weapons against the idf by activists on board.
the cole biblique, strictly the cole biblique et archologique franaise de jrusalem, is a respected french academic establishment in jerusalem, founded by dominicans, and specialising in archaeology and biblical exegesis.	the cole biblique, strictly the cole biblique et archologique franaise de jrusalem, is a french academic establishment in jerusalem, founded by dominicans, and specialising in archaeology and biblical exegesis.
vip style refers to the modification of japanese luxury automobiles to make them more fashionable and even more luxurious.	vip style refers to the modification of japanese luxury automobiles to make them more fashionable and more luxurious.
he was thoroughly conversant with the holy quran and knew that the quranic verses on alcohol dealt only with the drinking of it, and that the injunction against strong drink was intended to eliminate the evils of drunkenness and alcoholism.	he was thoroughly conversant with the quran and knew that the quranic verses on alcohol dealt only with the drinking of it, and that the injunction against strong drink was intended to eliminate the evils of drunkenness and alcoholism.
sir michael dummett, eminent philosopher	sir michael dummett, philosopher
this christmas was recorded by legendary donny hathaway.	this christmas was recorded by donny hathaway.
felix kawalski is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by harry landis.	felix kawalski is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by harry landis.
he instead promised $6 billion in additional funding and called for development of a new heavy lift rocket program to be ready for construction by 2015 with manned missions to mars orbit by the mid-2030s.	he instead promised $6 billion in additional funding and called for development of a new heavy lift rocket program to be ready for construction by 2015 with crewed missions to mars orbit by the mid-2030s.
released in 2006, war on terror was invented primarily as a reaction and a challenge to modern day events, in particular the 2003 invasion of iraq and the allegedly counter-productive pursuit of the so-called war on terror in general.	released in 2006, war on terror was invented primarily as a reaction and a challenge to modern day events, in particular the 2003 invasion of iraq and the apparently counter-productive pursuit of the so-called war on terror in general.
leap seconds are considered by many to be a nuisance , and ways to abolish them are being considered.	leap seconds are considered by some to be a nuisance , and ways to abolish them are being considered.
in the 2001 general election she stood for parliament in canterbury, being defeated easily by the conservative incumbent, julian brazier.	in the 2001 general election she stood for parliament in canterbury, being defeated by the conservative incumbent, julian brazier.
cracker is the title of a brilliant television crime series in the united kingdom, made by granada television for itv and created and principally written by jimmy mcgovern.	cracker is the title of a television crime series in the united kingdom, made by granada television for itv and created and principally written by jimmy mcgovern.
in response to krugman, columnist ramesh ponnuru, writing in the conservative national review, argued that ryan's plan would lead to less debt than current budgets.	in response to krugman, columnist ramesh ponnuru, writing in the national review, argued that ryan's plan would lead to less debt than current budgets.
which allows the theft of a macguffin device known as the dobsen-type override which could be used to take control of (and meltdown) united states nuclear power plants.	which allows the theft of a device known as the dobsen-type override which could be used to take control of (and meltdown) united states nuclear power plants.
in american politics and advertising, the term astroturfing pejoratively describes formal public relations projects which deliberately seek to engineer the impression of spontaneous, grassroots behavior.	in american politics and advertising, the term astroturfing describes formal public relations projects which deliberately seek to engineer the impression of spontaneous, grassroots behavior.
kat finally responds to a phone call and meets up with the mystery man to tell him to leave her alone.	kat finally responds to a phone call and meets up with the mystery person to tell him to leave her alone.
although perhaps less active than eubalaena sp., the behavior of bowheads generally resembles that of right whales, including showing curiosity towards mankind .	although perhaps less active than eubalaena sp., the behavior of bowheads generally resembles that of right whales, including showing curiosity towards people .
despite having relinquished some of his formerly absolute power, the prince of monaco remains head of state and retains most of the country's governing power; however, the principality's judicial and legislative bodies may operate independent of his control.	while having relinquished some of his formerly absolute power, the prince of monaco remains head of state and retains most of the country's governing power; however, the principality's judicial and legislative bodies may operate independent of his control.
other partisan sources claim that acorn advises and influences brunner.	other sources claim that acorn advises and influences brunner.
rumana is an palestinian arab village in northern israel.	rumana is an arab village in northern israel.
nasim pedrad (born 1981), iranian-american actress and comedienne	nasim pedrad (born 1981), iranian-american actress and comedian
it receives funding from the health service executive (hse), but also has received considerable funding from atlantic philanthropies - glen received $4,727,860 between 2005 and 2011.	it receives funding from the health service executive (hse), but also has received funding from atlantic philanthropies - glen received $4,727,860 between 2005 and 2011.
the book ends with jesus condemning the last of the unbelievers to hell and those who were raptured or martyred return to earth to be reuniting with their loved ones, and paradise is ushered in.	the book ends with jesus condemning the last of the unbelievers to hell and those who were raptured or martyred return to earth to be reunited with their loved ones, and paradise is ushered in.
mcdonald strenuously denied these allegations and the charges were later dropped.	mcdonald denied these allegations and the charges were later dropped.
the two joined the children of god revolution in the late 1960s and became missionaries, traveling throughout south america.	the two joined the children of god religious group in the late 1960s and became missionaries, traveling throughout south america.
fixx was heavily ridiculed by comedian bill hicks on hicks' relentless album.	fixx was ridiculed by comedian bill hicks on hicks' relentless album.
accordingly, the district court correctly dismissed stouffer's trademark claims.	accordingly, the district court dismissed stouffer's trademark claims.
she appeals to many fans because of her sense of humor, her deeply felt insights, and her outspoken views on topics such as her left- wing politics and her unconventional christian faith.	she appeals to many fans because of her sense of humor, her deeply felt insights, and her outspoken views on topics such as her left- of-center politics and her unconventional christian faith.
mccain has consistently shown himself to be a prominent warmonger on foreign policy.	mccain has consistently shown himself to be a prominent hawk on foreign policy.
immediately after the show's cancellation, its producers attempted to interest other networks, even the wb, in picking up the series and some episodes were shown in theatres in los angeles during the summer of 2004 in order to raise support for the series.	immediately after the show's cancellation, its producers attempted to interest other networks, including the wb, in picking up the series and some episodes were shown in theatres in los angeles during the summer of 2004 in order to raise support for the series.
the city was founded in 1847 as great salt lake city by a group of mormon pioneers led by their prophet, brigham young, who fled hostility and violence in the midwestern united states.	the city was founded in 1847 as great salt lake city by a group of mormon pioneers led by their prophet, brigham young, who left behind hostility and violence in the midwestern united states.
bible refers to the collections of ficticious religious writings of judaism and of christianity.	bible refers to the collections of religious writings of judaism and of christianity.
an updated version of this game named railroad tycoon deluxe (rdx) was created and released in 1993. despite a host of new features and graphics, rdx sold very poorly in stores, due to some annoying bugs and inexplicably slow gameplay (most notoriously the f4 map screen, which brings the game to a crawl).	an updated version of this game named railroad tycoon deluxe (rdx) was created and released in 1993. despite a host of new features and graphics, rdx sold very poorly in stores, due to some bugs and inexplicably slow gameplay (most notoriously the f4 map screen, which brings the game to a crawl).
as of 2006, the show has been presented by the less aggressive stephen sackur, who is occasionally replaced by several other well-known bbc presenters such as jon sopel, lyse doucet and noel thompson.	as of 2006, the show has been presented by the less confrontational stephen sackur, who is occasionally replaced by several other well-known bbc presenters such as jon sopel, lyse doucet and noel thompson.
crony capitalism is a variant of capitalism but in which business decisions are powerfully influenced by business friendships and family ties rather than by impersonal market forces.	crony capitalism is a variant of capitalism in which business decisions are powerfully influenced by business friendships and family ties rather than by impersonal market forces.
"in addition to his contributions to complex and harmonic analysis, rudin was known for his textbooks on mathematical analysis: principles of mathematical analysis, real and complex analysis, and functional analysis ( affectionately referred to by students as ""baby rudin"", ""papa rudin"", and ""grandpa rudin"", respectively)."	"in addition to his contributions to complex and harmonic analysis, rudin was known for his textbooks on mathematical analysis: principles of mathematical analysis, real and complex analysis, and functional analysis ( sometimes referred to by students as ""baby rudin"", ""papa rudin"", and ""grandpa rudin"", respectively)."
sealing became more prevalent in the late 1700s when seal herds in the southern hemisphere began to be exploited by whalers.	sealing became more prevalent in the late 1700s when seal herds in the southern hemisphere began to be hunted by whalers.
born in london on august 1, 1871, he studied piano under sophie taunton, later toured in spain, italy, egypt, india and australia before moving to new york city in 1891. notable works include:	born in london on august 1, 1871, he studied piano under sophie taunton, later toured in spain, italy, egypt, india and australia before moving to new york city in 1891. his works include:
he is the president of the far-right front national party.	he is the president of the front national party.
hers is a low-key job assisting the president with his paperwork in a nondescript fashion.	the position of personal secretary is a low-key job assisting the president with his paperwork in a nondescript fashion.
however in vaticanus scribes left space for the text, suggesting that they were aware of the ending and weren't sure whether to include it or not.	however in vaticanus scribes left space for the text, suggesting that they may have been aware of the ending and weren't sure whether to include it or not.
in the summer of 1967, chinmoy finally received his green card.	in the summer of 1967, chinmoy received his green card.
it began as a peaceful rally in support of workers striking for an eight-hour day and in reaction to the killing of several workers the previous day by the police.	it began as a nonviolent rally in support of workers striking for an eight-hour day and in reaction to the killing of several workers the previous day by the police.
unfortunately , the lange administration won a second term of office, and the perceived extremism of coalition-sponsored entryist candidates contributed to several urban constituency defeats for the national party, which quietly centralised its electoral candidate selection procedures.	however , the lange administration won a second term of office, and the perceived extremism of coalition-sponsored entryist candidates contributed to several urban constituency defeats for the national party, which quietly centralised its electoral candidate selection procedures.
betty marion white (born january 17, 1922) is an iconic american actress, comedian, former television host and a tv legend whose career has spanned over seventy years.	betty marion white (born january 17, 1922) is an american actress, comedian, former television host and a tv legend whose career has spanned over seventy years.
a longtime consultant to dcis, krongard joined the agency full time, in february, 1998, following an extraordinary 29-year business career.	a longtime consultant to dcis, krongard joined the agency full time, in february, 1998, following an 29-year business career.
"despite deservedly good notices in the press, the single was not a success and the b-side has only been reissued once, on a reprise german-only ""best of"" album, making it one of their most obscure songs."	"despite good notices in the press, the single was not a success and the b-side has only been reissued once, on a reprise german-only ""best of"" album, making it one of their most obscure songs."
on july 17th 2006, dave and his wife, carmen electra announced their shocking split to star magazine.	on july 17th 2006, dave and his wife, carmen electra announced their split to star magazine.
many stores also feature popular costa coffee or starbucks coffee shops.	many stores also feature costa coffee or starbucks coffee shops.
goldie jean hawn (born november 21, 1945) is an american academy award-winning actress , director and producer.	goldie jean hawn (born november 21, 1945) is an american academy award-winning actor , director and producer.
in 1965, a group of scholars met in palos heights to discuss the need for a contemporary translation of the holy bible.	in 1965, a group of scholars met in palos heights to discuss the need for a contemporary translation of the bible.
gibbon's apparent antagonism to christian doctrine spilled over into the jewish faith, inevitably leading to charges of anti-semitism.	gibbon's apparent antagonism to christian doctrine spilled over into the jewish faith, leading to charges of anti-semitism.
wyncote is well- served by septa, through regional rail at the jenkintown-wyncote train station.	wyncote is served by septa, through regional rail at the jenkintown-wyncote train station.
the group's founder is devnandandasji swamishri .	the group's founder is devnandandasji swami .
mophie, a popular smartphone accessory company, was kick-started in a kalamazoo barn in 2006 (as mstation)	mophie, a smartphone accessory company, was kick-started in a kalamazoo barn in 2006 (as mstation)
the right to bear arms refers to the right that individuals have to possess weapons.	the right to bear arms refers to the right that individuals have to weapons.
the influence of their 700-year occupation remains today, especially in andalusia.	the influence of their 700-year presence remains today, especially in andalusia.
the finnish anti-fascist committee , also known by its finnish abbreviation of safka, is a radical political organisation based in helsinki, finland.	the finnish anti-fascist committee , also known by its finnish abbreviation of safka, is a political organisation based in helsinki, finland.
"when asked if he could ascertain whether or not libby had revealed plame's covert status ""knowingly,"" special counsel fitzgerald responded:"	"when asked if he could ascertain whether or not libby had revealed plame's status ""knowingly,"" special counsel fitzgerald responded:"
in february 2006, president bush revealed that al-qaeda had initially planned to crash a plane into the tallest building in the western united states, the library tower in los angeles, on the same day.	in february 2006, president bush stated that al-qaeda had initially planned to crash a plane into the tallest building in the western united states, the library tower in los angeles, on the same day.
abdullah yaccoub bishara (; born 6 november 1936) is a kuwaiti diplomat and statesman , who was the first secretary-general of the gulf cooperation council.	abdullah yaccoub bishara (; born 6 november 1936) is a kuwaiti diplomat and politician , who was the first secretary-general of the gulf cooperation council.
the legendary patching time remains intact for the most part, though installing the downloaded files is slightly faster than it was on the original system.	the patching time remains intact for the most part, though installing the downloaded files is slightly faster than it was on the original system.
like the fight at finnsburg and several shorter surviving poems, beowulf has been used as a source of information about scandinavian personalities such as eadgils and hygelac, and about continental germanic personalities such as offa, king of the continental angles; though given the uncertainties about the poem's dating and provenance, its value as an historical source is highly questionable.	like the fight at finnsburg and several shorter surviving poems, beowulf has been used as a source of information about scandinavian personalities such as eadgils and hygelac, and about continental germanic personalities such as offa, king of the continental angles; though given the uncertainties about the poem's dating and provenance, its value as an historical source is questionable.
the federal republic of central america, known as the united provinces of central america in its first year of creation, was a short-lived sovereign state in central america, which consisted of the territories of the former captaincy general of guatemala.	the federal republic of central america, known as the united provinces of central america in its first year of creation, was a sovereign state in central america, which consisted of the territories of the former captaincy general of guatemala.
she sadly suffered fourteen killed and many wounded during the battle.	she suffered fourteen killed and many wounded during the battle.
a gunbattle between the indonesian police and militants in east java kills seven militants, including terrorist mastermind azahari husin who is believed to have blown himself up.	a gunbattle between the indonesian police and militants in east java kills seven militants, including suspected mastermind azahari husin who is believed to have blown himself up.
the novel involves artificial intellegence, the hacking of the u.s. national security agency, and an autistic child with savant syndrome who witnesses a murder and has the uncanny ability to draw images from his photographic memory.	the novel involves artificial intellegence, the hacking of the u.s. national security agency, and an autistic child with savant syndrome who witnesses a murder and has the ability to draw images from his photographic memory.
david perlmutter (alumni) - american physician, best-selling author, and scholar	david perlmutter (alumni) - american physician, author, and scholar
"the excellent lead solo on the hermit's version was played by the groups lead guitarist derek ""lek"" leckenby."	"the lead solo on the hermit's version was played by the groups lead guitarist derek ""lek"" leckenby."
it replaced the idea of simple monotheism with a triune god who is simultaneously one and three.	it replaced the idea of strict monotheism with a triune god who is simultaneously one and three.
her novel ... and ladies of the club was published obscurely by ohio state university press in 1982. she permanently moved into a nursing home in 1983, nearly blind and suffering from emphysema.	her novel ... and ladies of the club was published by ohio state university press in 1982. she permanently moved into a nursing home in 1983, nearly blind and suffering from emphysema.
two years later, he opened blais which failed spectacularly in six months.	two years later, he opened blais which failed in six months.
maxim.com even hosted its 2007 hometown hotties top 10 photo and video shoots in new orleans, highlighting the attractions.	maxim.com hosted its 2007 hometown hotties top 10 photo and video shoots in new orleans, highlighting the attractions.
george norcross iii (1957-) is a prolific fundraiser for democratic party organizations in the south region of new jersey.	george norcross iii (1957-) is a fundraiser for democratic party organizations in the south region of new jersey.
republican and unionist prisoners were housed according to group.	republican and loyalist prisoners were housed according to group.
however, pakistan considers it to be a part of the overall bangladesh liberation war, in which india had been providing direct financial and military support for the mukti bahini bengali rebels .	however, pakistan considers it to be a part of the overall bangladesh liberation war, in which india had been providing direct financial and military support for the mukti bahini bengali operatives .
in 1980 she registered to vote in new canaan, ct where she listed her date of birth as dec. 8, 1961. her original driver's license, issued in connecticut, lists her birth date in december, 1961. however, a driver's license issued to her years later in washington, d.c., lists her birth year as 1963.	in 1980 coulter registered to vote in new canaan, ct where she listed her date of birth as dec. 8, 1961. her original driver's license, issued in connecticut, lists her birth date in december, 1961. however, a driver's license issued to her years later in washington, d.c., lists her birth year as 1963 .
shortly afterwards he released a statement clarifying that he was not personally encouraging anybody towards vigilantism.	shortly afterwards he released a statement saying that he was not personally encouraging anybody towards vigilantism.
instead, submissions are regulated by an internal review process and some are published, while others are censored by anonymous wikileaks reviewers.	instead, submissions are regulated by an internal review process and some are published, while others are rejected by anonymous wikileaks reviewers.
the faux-hawk or fauxhawk is an unfashionable haircut similar to the mohawk hairstyle.	the faux-hawk or fauxhawk is an haircut similar to the mohawk hairstyle.
the french were so shocked by their humiliating 17-1 defeat against denmark that they declined to play for the bronze medal; therefore, the netherlands played sweden for third place.	the french were so shocked by their 17-1 defeat against denmark that they declined to play for the bronze medal; therefore, the netherlands played sweden for third place.
a controversial television documentary by martin durkin (television director)	a television documentary by martin durkin (television director)
on its second weekend it plummeted 69%, earning $811,621.	on its second weekend it dropped 69%, earning $811,621.
peaceful protesters outside the site of the lds general conference in 2006.	protesters outside the site of the lds general conference in 2006.
although drawn up by the 1646 westminster assembly largely of the church of england, it became, and remains the 'subordinate standard' of doctrine in the church of scotland and has been influential within presbyterian churches worldwide (with appropriate changes it has also been adopted by some congregationalists and even baptists).	although drawn up by the 1646 westminster assembly largely of the church of england, it became, and remains the 'subordinate standard' of doctrine in the church of scotland and has been influential within presbyterian churches worldwide (with various changes it has also been adopted by some congregationalists and even baptists).
while the modification may not be malicious, the term attack arises from copyright protection application, where pirates attempt to remove the digital watermark through modification.	while the modification may not be malicious, the term attack arises from copyright protection application, where third parties may attempt to remove the digital watermark through modification.
other examples of the traditional nature of the ozark culture would be the two major family theme parks in the region, silver dollar city and dogpatch u.s.a., both of which embrace rural, western, and 19th century life in the great american midwest.	other examples of the traditional nature of the ozark culture would be the two major family theme parks in the region, silver dollar city and dogpatch u.s.a., both of which embrace rural, western, and 19th century life in the american midwest.
the arc, which played out in three parts, was also very controversial and was highly publicized in the press.	the arc, which played out in three parts, was also very controversial and was publicized in the press.
a somewhat ill- reconceived shilo norman appears in grant morrison's seven soldiers of victory crossover.	a somewhat reconceived shilo norman appears in grant morrison's seven soldiers of victory crossover.
following these outrages , sheikh mujibur rahman signed an official declaration that read:	following these incidents , sheikh mujibur rahman signed an official declaration that read:
aztln is the legendary imaginary ancestral home of the aztec/mexica.	aztln is the legendary ancestral home of the aztec/mexica.
the israeli-palestinian conflict is being pursued not only in the cities, towns, and countryside of israel and the occupied territories of west bank and the gaza strip with bombs and bullets, it is also a media battle being waged on television and in newspapers and magazines.	the israeli-palestinian conflict is being pursued not only in the cities, towns, and countryside of israel and the territories of west bank and the gaza strip with bombs and bullets, it is also a media battle being waged on television and in newspapers and magazines.
this theory has been rejected by some modern scholars.	this theory has been rejected by modern scholars.
"(""red tea"", , in chinese languages corresponds to english ""black tea"".)"	"(""red tea"", , in chinese corresponds to english ""black tea"".)"
he was of macedonian and roman heritage.	he was of greek and roman heritage.
the fibonacci numbers are erroneously named after leonardo of pisa, known as fibonacci, although they had been described earlier in india.	the fibonacci numbers are named after leonardo of pisa, known as fibonacci, although they had been described earlier in india.
at the opening ceremony of the eurovision semi-final, she demonstrated her beautiful singing voice in a duet with sakis rouvis.	at the opening ceremony of the eurovision semi-final, she demonstrated her singing voice in a duet with sakis rouvis.
a series of murderous attacks on border outposts of the newly-independent republic of lithuania during the january-july 1991, resulting in several summary execution-style deaths of the unarmed customs officers and other people (including former members of vilnius omon), were attributed to riga omon; some sources say that the soviet leader mikhail gorbachev had lost control of the unit.	a series of attacks on border outposts of the newly-independent republic of lithuania during the january-july 1991, resulting in several summary execution-style deaths of the unarmed customs officers and other people (including former members of vilnius omon), were attributed to riga omon; some sources say that the soviet leader mikhail gorbachev had lost control of the unit.
as the 1904 summer olympics were highjacked by the louisiana purchase exposition, and as a result met with a fate similar to that of paris 1900, the olympic movement was not in good shape.	as the 1904 summer olympics were overshadowed by the louisiana purchase exposition, and as a result met with a fate similar to that of paris 1900, the olympic movement was not in good shape.
it occupied the territory in colaboration with fascist italy .	it occupied the territory in colaboration with italy.
the dartmouth review is a reactionary , independent, bi-weekly newspaper at dartmouth college in hanover, new hampshire (u.s.).	the dartmouth review is a conservative , independent, bi-weekly newspaper at dartmouth college in hanover, new hampshire (u.s.).
actual recent data show that blacks are not more psychopathic , nor do they differ from whites when testing for the big five personality traits , differences in sex hormones between whites and east asians are best explained by environmental differences , and the fundamental prediction of the theory that blacks have a higher frequency of twins is disputed by some sources .	some recent data show that blacks are not more psychopathic , nor do they differ from whites when testing for the big five personality traits , differences in sex hormones between whites and east asians are best explained by environmental differences , and the fundamental prediction of the theory that blacks have a higher frequency of twins is disputed by some sources .
}}john stobart (born 1929) is a british maritime artist best known for his paintings of american harbour scenes during the golden age of sail.	}}john stobart (born 1929) is a british maritime artist known for his paintings of american harbour scenes during the golden age of sail.
a famous commercial from the early 70s that ran for years was for calgon water softener.	a commercial from the early 70s that ran for years was for calgon water softener.
patterson is best known for his role in the hostile fundamentalist takeover of the sbc during the late 1970s and 1980s.	patterson is best known for his role in the fundamentalist takeover of the sbc during the late 1970s and 1980s.
"cox subsequently became a christian fundamentalist and raised kyoko in a christian group known as the church of the living word (or ""the walk"")."	"cox subsequently became a christian and raised kyoko in a christian group known as the church of the living word (or ""the walk"")."
sadly it is worth noting that as of november 2006, there is no linux support whatsoever, and linux users will be unable to generate any sound from the card.	it is worth noting that as of november 2006, there is no linux support whatsoever, and linux users will be unable to generate any sound from the card.
the second chechen war is the military campaign initiated by terrorists in form of attack on dagestan in 1999 and caused later recapture of chechnya, which had briefly gained de facto independence as the chechen republic of ichkeria following the first chechen war.	the second chechen war is the military campaign initiated by shamil basayev in form of attack on dagestan in 1999 and caused later recapture of chechnya, which had briefly gained de facto independence as the chechen republic of ichkeria following the first chechen war.
for the criminal society, see tong (organization).	for the secret society, see tong (organization).
a competing plan was announced by house republicans, led by representative paul ryan, on april 5, 2011. this plan would allegedly cut $5.8 trillion in spending over ten years, but would also reduce tax income by $4.2 trillion below current projections.	a competing plan was announced by house republicans, led by representative paul ryan, on april 5, 2011. this plan would reportedly cut $5.8 trillion in spending over ten years, but would also reduce tax income by $4.2 trillion below current projections.
this work draws upon the interesting parallels between quantum theory and the workings of mind.	this work draws upon the parallels between quantum theory and the workings of mind.
in the 1980s in the united kingdom, the term hard left was used to brand groups such as the socialist campaign group and labour briefing, as well as trotskyist groups such as militant tendency, the socialist workers party and socialist organiser.	in the 1980s in the united kingdom, the term hard left was used to describe groups such as the socialist campaign group and labour briefing, as well as trotskyist groups such as militant tendency, the socialist workers party and socialist organiser.
the original territory inhabited by the proto -slovak slavic tribes included not only present-day slovakia, but also parts of present-day southeastern moravia and approximately the entire northern half of present-day hungary.	the original territory inhabited by the proto slavic tribes included not only present-day slovakia, but also parts of present-day southeastern moravia and approximately the entire northern half of present-day hungary.
stockwell, originally named lauramie, is a small town in tippecanoe county, indiana.	stockwell, originally named lauramie, is a town in tippecanoe county, indiana.
fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926), has led cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the dictatorship of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first socialist nation in the western hemisphere.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926), has led cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he overthrew the government of fulgencio batista, and transformed cuba into the first socialist nation in the western hemisphere.
"in december 2008, williams began to appear on television and web commercials hawking ""the obama presidential coin collection"""	"in december 2008, williams began to appear on television and web commercials advertising ""the obama presidential coin collection"""
human rights in turkey are protected by international law treaties, including the international covenant on civil and political rights that turkey signed in 2000, that take precedence over turkish legislation according to article 90 of the 1982 constitution.	human rights in turkey are governed by international law treaties, including the international covenant on civil and political rights that turkey signed in 2000, that take precedence over turkish legislation according to article 90 of the 1982 constitution.
many of courlander's folktale collections have been printed as children's books such as the lovely cow-tail switch and other west african stories which was a newbery honor book in 1948.	many of courlander's folktale collections have been printed as children's books such as the cow-tail switch and other west african stories which was a newbery honor book in 1948.
shi'a muslims, a group of minority sections encompassing some 10-15% of the world's muslim population, believe that ali ibn abi talib, muhammad's cousin and son-in-law, was the rightful successor to prophet muhammad, and the ancestor of the shi'a imams, whom the shi'a believe to be the divinely ordained spiritual leaders of humankind.	shi'a muslims, a group of minority sections encompassing some 10-15% of the world's muslim population, believe that ali ibn abi talib, muhammad's cousin and son-in-law, was the rightful successor to muhammad, and the ancestor of the shi'a imams, whom the shi'a believe to be the divinely ordained spiritual leaders of humankind.
ehud (udi) goldwasser is an israeli soldier kidnapped by hezbollah along with eldad regev on 12 july 2006, sparking the israel-hezbollah-lebanon conflict.	ehud (udi) goldwasser is an israeli soldier captured by hezbollah along with eldad regev on 12 july 2006, sparking the israel-hezbollah-lebanon conflict.
joe hamilton (producer) (19291991), american television producer; once married to comedienne carol burnett	joe hamilton (producer) (19291991), american television producer; once married to comedian carol burnett
u.s. president john adams and his federalist party had also been critical of the tyranny and extreme radicalism of the french revolution, further souring relations between france and the states .	u.s. president john adams and his federalist party had also been critical of alleged tyranny and extreme radicalism of the french revolution, further souring relations between france and the states .
"other critics allege that npov privileges ""mainstream points of view"" and imagines that they are neutral, when often mainstream points of view legitimate existing power relations."	"other critics allege that npov privileges ""mainstream points of view"" and imagines that they are neutral, when often mainstream points of view legitimize existing power relations."
kym whitley (born 1961), american actress and comedienne	kym whitley (born 1961), american actress and comedian
critics also have noted the fractionally lower average undergraduate score attainment of students who matriculate to osteopathic medical schools -- gpa, 3.46 for osteopathic vs 3.64 for allopathic matriculants, and mcat scores, an average of 24.6 for osteopathic vs 30.4 for allopathic matriculants.	critics also have noted the lower average undergraduate score attainment of students who matriculate to osteopathic medical schools -- gpa, 3.46 for osteopathic vs 3.64 for allopathic matriculants, and mcat scores, an average of 24.6 for osteopathic vs 30.4 for allopathic matriculants.
wide variations in kernel functionality exist; a particular kernel should be customized for the exact hardware it will run on and it can be tuned by indicating preference for one behavior over another.	wide variations in kernel functionality exist; a particular kernel can be customized for the exact hardware it will run on and it can be tuned by indicating preference for one behavior over another.
though the titles and distinctions of the iranian imperial family were legally abolished by the new regime , she often is styled empress or shahbanou, out of courtesy, by foreign media as well as by supporters of the former monarchy.	though the titles and distinctions of the iranian imperial family were legally abolished by the new government , she often is styled empress or shahbanou, out of courtesy, by foreign media as well as by supporters of the former monarchy.
he strongly objected to the system where judges in india appoint other judges.	he objected to the system where judges in india appoint other judges.
; secondly, opposition to political negotiations with the basque terrorist organisation eta.	; secondly, opposition to political negotiations with the basque separatist organisation eta.
the national park sadly doesn't add any particular protection to the forest which is the largest fragment of coastal forest (420 square km) left in east africa, and is an area of high endemism, containing endemic mammals, birds and plants.	the national park doesn't add any particular protection to the forest which is the largest fragment of coastal forest (420 square km) left in east africa, and is an area of high endemism, containing endemic mammals, birds and plants.
"the notes say that the island's scientists discovered a new pokmon in a guyana jungle, that they christened it mew, and that it later gave birth to a creature they called mewtwo; the game's pokdex entry states that mewtwo was ""created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and dna engineering experiments""."	"the notes say that the island's scientists discovered a new pokmon in a guyana jungle, that they named it mew, and that it later gave birth to a creature they called mewtwo; the game's pokdex entry states that mewtwo was ""created by a scientist after years of horrific gene splicing and dna engineering experiments""."
"(the original single mix of ""sylvia said"" has never been reissued, since the excellent ""the island years"" cd set uses a new remix.)"	"(the original single mix of ""sylvia said"" has never been reissued, since the ""the island years"" cd set uses a new remix.)"
on april 2, 2002, australian ism volunteer kate edwards sustained severe internal injuries from shrapnel from rounds fired by israeli forces during a peaceful protest in beit jala.	on april 2, 2002, australian ism volunteer kate edwards sustained severe internal injuries from shrapnel from rounds fired by israeli forces during a protest in beit jala.
implicitly and explicitly, students are given responsibility for their own education: the only person designing what a student will learn is the student himself .	implicitly and explicitly, students are given responsibility for their own education: the only person designing what a student will learn is the student themselves .
in polish, the term has an unequivocally pejorative connotation and refers to the members of oun-upa and ukrainian peasantry in support thereof in the context of the ukrainian-led volhynian genocide of poles.	in polish, the term has an unequivocally pejorative connotation and refers to the members of oun-upa and ukrainian peasantry in support thereof in the context of the ukrainian-led volhynian massacre of poles.
sarah kate silverman (born december 1, 1970) is an american comedienne .	sarah kate silverman (born december 1, 1970) is an american comedian .
"in 1899, sigurd sderberg announced that the right panel depicts ""a representation of a scene from the sigurd myth explained by runic inscriptions."""	"in 1899, sigurd sderberg proposed that the right panel depicts ""a representation of a scene from the sigurd myth explained by runic inscriptions."""
corinne spent her freshman year of college (1962-3) studying art at newcomb college in new orleans, la, where she studied painting with ida kohlmeyer.	corinne spent her first year of college (1962-3) studying art at newcomb college in new orleans, la, where she studied painting with ida kohlmeyer.
the controversial digital millennium copyright act was passed in the united states in an effort to make the circumvention of drm systems illegal.	the digital millennium copyright act was passed in the united states in an effort to make the circumvention of drm systems illegal.
he died honourably at the fourth battle of kawanakajima in 1561. he was fighting while he was suddenly surrounded by samurai and was cut down, but not before he killed his killers.	he died at the fourth battle of kawanakajima in 1561. he was fighting while he was suddenly surrounded by samurai and was cut down, but not before he killed his killers.
the 1999 open championship is best remembered for the epic collapse of french golfer jean van de velde, who needed only a double-bogey six on the 72nd hole to win the open—and proceeded to score a triple-bogey seven, tying paul lawrie and 1997 champion justin leonard at 290 (+6).	the 1999 open championship is best remembered for the collapse of french golfer jean van de velde, who needed only a double-bogey six on the 72nd hole to win the open—and proceeded to score a triple-bogey seven, tying paul lawrie and 1997 champion justin leonard at 290 (+6).
the film features one of the most unforgettable of all noir scores, composed and performed by jazz musician miles davis.	the film features one of the most famous of all noir scores, composed and performed by jazz musician miles davis.
democratic underground, or simply du to its members, is a centrist online community established on january 20, 2001, the day president george w. bush took office.	democratic underground, or simply du to its members, is a liberal/progressive online community established on january 20, 2001, the day president george w. bush took office.
other top clubs do similar deals where they can, however there is the possibility that less successful clubs may eventually form deals with less reputable organisations and companies as time passes and the ffp rules bite.	several top clubs do similar deals where they can, however there is the possibility that less successful clubs may eventually form deals with less reputable organisations and companies as time passes and the ffp rules bite.
in september 2006, egyptian mediators received a letter written by gilad in which he stated that he was alive and well.	in september 2006, egyptian mediators received a letter written by shalit in which he stated that he was alive and well.
he was later murdered in his holiday home in donegal.	he was later killed in his holiday home in donegal.
"a fund raising programme ""let's make it great"" began at the opening of 2010 with a weekend finishing with a gala performance mc'd by comedienne and broadcaster sandi toksvig and headlined by the actor sheila hancock, chancellor of the university."	"a fund raising programme ""let's make it great"" began at the opening of 2010 with a weekend finishing with a gala performance mc'd by comedian and broadcaster sandi toksvig and headlined by the actor sheila hancock, chancellor of the university."
there is also an ornamental pond with a fountain and a popular children's playground.	there is also an ornamental pond with a fountain and a children's playground.
are unitarians, jehovah's witnesses, and independents who generally hold jesus in high regard, but do not believe he is god , to be counted as christians or not?	are unitarians, jehovah's witnesses, and independents who generally hold jesus in high regard, but do not believe he is /was divine , to be counted as christians or not?
sadly carnival has decided to end this very successful and popular brand in april 2007. the ship minerva ii will be renamed royal princess and transferred to the princess fleet.	carnival has decided to end this very successful and popular brand in april 2007. the ship minerva ii will be renamed royal princess and transferred to the princess fleet.
the book is set in the not-so-distant future, where mankind has all but succeeded in controlling all life on the planet and almost completely wiping out all insect life.	the book is set in the not-so-distant future, where humankind has all but succeeded in controlling all life on the planet and almost completely wiping out all insect life.
the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is the largest church that is a continuation of the church of christ, founded by joseph smith, jr. on april 6 1830 in either the manchester-palmyra area or fayette, new york.<!--	the church of jesus christ of latter-day saints is the largest church that claims to be a continuation of the church of christ, founded by joseph smith, jr. on april 6 1830 in either the manchester-palmyra area or fayette, new york.<!--
201415 egyptian demolition of homes and terror/ smuggling tunnels	201415 egyptian demolition of homes and smuggling tunnels
aswad ansi , better known as abhala bin ka'b , was the leader of the al-ansi tribe and a false prophet.	aswad ansi , better known as abhala bin ka'b , was the leader of the al-ansi tribe and a prophet.
the algerian media pay just as much attention to the conflict as the media of morocco, and typically defend the positions of the algerian state propaganda while attacking morocco's positions.	the algerian media pay just as much attention to the conflict as the media of morocco, and typically defend the positions of the algerian state while attacking morocco's positions.
the casks are rated only for 100 years to hold waste that will remain radioactive for 200,000 years.	the casks are rated for 100 years to hold waste that will remain radioactive for 200,000 years.
their eponymous debut album was released in 2006 to critical acclaim, including being named as album of the year in the wire magazine.	burial's eponymous debut album was released in 2006 to critical acclaim, including being named as album of the year in the wire magazine.
a free market is a market in which there is no economic intervention and regulation by the state, except to uphold private contracts and the ownership of property.	a free market is a market in which there is no economic intervention and regulation by the state, except to enforce private contracts and the ownership of property.
the noxious group areas act of 1950 set aside desirable city properties for whites, while banishing non-whites into the townships.	the notorious group areas act of 1950 set aside desirable city properties for whites, while banishing non-whites into the townships.
up to the time of her passing in 2004 she was believed to be the uk's oldest resident.	up to the time of her death in 2004 she was believed to be the uk's oldest resident.
"it was probably best known for its incredible four-player ""deathmatch"" mode."	"it was probably best known for its four-player ""deathmatch"" mode."
he is a dwarf, standing only tall.	he is a dwarf, standing tall.
as of now, george w. bush is pressing congress to pass a new constitutional amendment, which will ban gay and lesbian marraiges throughout the united states.	as of now, george w. bush is asking congress to pass a new constitutional amendment, which will ban gay and lesbian marraiges throughout the united states.
unfortunately, the discounted rates would vary between investors and an individual's risk preference is difficult to quantify.	unfortunately, the discount rates would vary between investors and an individual's risk preference is difficult to quantify.
in the 1950s, traitors such as paul robeson and the weavers began to find that life became difficult because of the influence of mccarthyism.	in the 1950s, artists such as paul robeson and the weavers began to find that life became difficult because of the influence of mccarthyism.
badfinger were a rock/pop band formed in swansea, wales in 1965. during the early 1970s the band was touted as the heir apparent to the beatles but badfinger's meteoric rise and tragic demise became a cautionary tale for the rock music industry.	badfinger were a rock/pop band formed in swansea, wales in 1965. during the early 1970s the band was touted as the heir apparent to the beatles but badfinger's meteoric rise and eventual demise became a cautionary tale for the rock music industry.
performing since the age of six, mcclave was discovered by famed record producer rodney jerkins.	performing since the age of six, mcclave was discovered by record producer rodney jerkins.
country life is a british weekly quality magazine.	country life is a british weekly magazine.
sobchak's chief political consultant is her colleague from independent television channel tv rain stanislav belkovsky.	sobchak's chief political consultant is her colleague from television channel tv rain stanislav belkovsky.
"through this a meteorologist ""analysis of the global circulation of strontium, anticipated in the late 1940s the now-accepted view of the earth as one great ecosystem."""	"through this a meteorologist ""analysis of the global circulation of strontium, anticipated in the late 1940s the view of the earth as one great ecosystem."""
montgomery was first married to new york socialite frederick gallatin cammann in 1954; the marriage lasted for barely a year.	montgomery was first married to new york socialite frederick gallatin cammann in 1954; the marriage lasted for under a year.
his distinctive and innovative novels were written in german, but are well-known in excellent english translations, principally by anthea bell and michael hulse, which he supervised closely.	his distinctive and innovative novels were written in german, but are well-known in english translations, principally by anthea bell and michael hulse, which he supervised closely.
they resented him, while accepting his remarkable skills as a general.	they resented him, while accepting his skills as a general.
conservative kyebich, who actually controlled the ministries, was a temporary victor, when, in january 1994, he survived a no-confidence vote that ousted shushkyevich and replaced him with a kyebich crony , myechyslaw hryb.	conservative kyebich, who actually controlled the ministries, was a temporary victor, when, in january 1994, he survived a no-confidence vote that ousted shushkyevich and replaced him with a kyebich 's ally , myechyslaw hryb.
only six indigenous australians have been elected to the australian senate: neville bonner (liberal, 19711983), aden ridgeway (democrat, 19992005), nova peris (labor, 20132016), jacqui lambie (20142017), pat dodson (labor, 2016incumbent), and former northern territory mla malarndirri mccarthy (labor, 2016incumbent).	six indigenous australians have been elected to the australian senate: neville bonner (liberal, 19711983), aden ridgeway (democrat, 19992005), nova peris (labor, 20132016), jacqui lambie (20142017), pat dodson (labor, 2016incumbent), and former northern territory mla malarndirri mccarthy (labor, 2016incumbent).
catholics, on the other hand, while accepting the validity of adventist baptism (in view of their trinitatian confession), take offense to frequent misrepresentations by adventist evangelists.	catholics, on the other hand, while accepting the validity of adventist baptism (in view of their trinitatian confession), take offense to frequent reference to the protestant reformers and to protestant historians by adventist evangelists.
"{ lat = ""35.690"", long = ""36.331"", mark = ""abm- lime- icon.png"", marksize = ""5"", label = ""tanmiyat al-zira'iyah checkpoint"", link = ""cities and towns during the syrian civil war#iswhama"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""right"" },"	"{ lat = ""35.690"", long = ""36.331"", mark = ""abm- red+ icon.png"", marksize = ""5"", label = ""tanmiyat al-zira'iyah checkpoint"", link = ""cities and towns during the syrian civil war#iswhama"", label_size = ""0"", position = ""right"" },"
fox nation misrepresents news stories in order to promote a conservative viewpoint.	fox nation has been criticized for misrepresenting news stories in order to promote a conservative viewpoint.
the prestigious kilpauk medical college is located here.	the kilpauk medical college is located here.
it features vastly improved graphics over the previous games in the series, including detailed moving backgrounds, larger enemies and more ship details.	it features significantly improved graphics over the previous games in the series, including detailed moving backgrounds, larger enemies and more ship details.
he was dismissed from this position in april 2014 over the hs2 rail link debacle and comments made about maria miller's resignation.	he was dismissed from this position in april 2014 over the hs2 rail link and comments made about maria miller's resignation.
despite concerns over a lingering hip injury, murray returned to wimbledon as the defending champion and easily progressed to the third round with straight set wins against alexander bublik and dustin brown.	despite concerns over a lingering hip injury, murray returned to wimbledon as the defending champion and progressed to the third round with straight set wins against alexander bublik and dustin brown.
this heteronormative stance is also seen in countries such as brazil and thailand.	this stance is also seen in countries such as brazil and thailand.
joseph worked for megatone records and was instrumental in the marketing and promotion of sylvester.	joseph worked for megatone records and was involved in the marketing and promotion of sylvester.
argentina's spurious claims to the falkland islands (under their spanish-language name, malvinas) and to south georgia and the south sandwich islands; these are self-governing overseas territories of the united kingdom.	argentina's claims to the falkland islands (under their spanish-language name, malvinas) and to south georgia and the south sandwich islands; these are self-governing overseas territories of the united kingdom.
the team finished the season with an 8-3 record (7-1 in c-usa), while losing out-of-conference matchups at lowly south florida and at south carolina.	the team finished the season with an 8-3 record (7-1 in c-usa), while losing out-of-conference matchups at south florida and at south carolina.
polygyny for muslims, in practice and in law, differs greatly throughout the islamic world, where polygamous marriages constitute only 13% of all marriages.	polygyny for muslims, in practice and in law, differs greatly throughout the islamic world, where polygamous marriages constitute 13% of all marriages.
versions of the archimedes screw are still in use today in developing countries.	versions of the archimedes screw are still in use today in underdeveloped countries.
"alyssa campanella describes herself as a ""huge animal lover"" and has two beautiful cats, renly and dany."	"alyssa campanella describes herself as a ""huge animal lover"" and has two cats, renly and dany."
although the greeks and romans left impressive ruins at cyrene, leptis magna, and sabratha, little else remains today to testify to the presence of these ancient cultures.	although the greeks and romans left ruins at cyrene, leptis magna, and sabratha, little else remains today to testify to the presence of these ancient cultures.
it is doubtful whether any book in the entire history of psychology has been so extensively attacked as the bell curve.	it is doubtful whether any book in the entire history of psychology has been so extensively criticized as the bell curve.
a graduate of wichita state university, sandiaga worked for several companies and rose in rank before founding his own business, which led him to become one of the richest men in indonesia.	a graduate of wichita state university, sandiaga worked for several companies and rose in rank before founding his own business, which led him to become one of the richest people in indonesia.
they claim to base doctrine and practice on the bible alone, and see themselves as restoring the new testament church established by christ.	they seek to base doctrine and practice on the bible alone, and see themselves as restoring the new testament church established by christ.
he was strongly critical of the stupak-pitts amendment, which places limits on taxpayer-funded abortions in the context of the november 2009 affordable health care for america act.	he was critical of the stupak-pitts amendment, which places limits on taxpayer-funded abortions in the context of the november 2009 affordable health care for america act.
the film is barely based on the italian comic book dylan dog created by tiziano sclavi and published by sergio bonelli editore.	the film is based on the italian comic book dylan dog created by tiziano sclavi and published by sergio bonelli editore.
there are also stolen games and animations as well as a chatroom and a store which sells ebaum merchandise.	there are also games and animations as well as a chatroom and a store which sells ebaum merchandise.
"legendary folk artist suzanne vega sampled ""candy shop"" for her 2014 release, ""tales from the realm of the queen of pentacles""."	"folk artist suzanne vega sampled ""candy shop"" for her 2014 release, ""tales from the realm of the queen of pentacles""."
buechner received a bachelor of arts degree in 1947. during his senior year he won the prestigious glascock prize for poetry.	buechner received a bachelor of arts degree in 1947. during his senior year he won the glascock prize for poetry.
susan lynch (born 5 june 1971) is an actress from northern ireland.	susan lynch (born 5 june 1971) is an actor from northern ireland.
dj lord is now performing with dubstep giants trillbass.	dj lord is now performing with dubstep group trillbass.
james stirling (april 22, 1692–december 5, 1770) was an important scottish mathematician.	james stirling (april 22, 1692–december 5, 1770) was an scottish mathematician.
"to some laymen , ""infinite monkeys"" and ""infinitely many monkeys"" may be synonymous; to the mathematician, the former is incorrect because each monkey individually is finite."	"to some lay persons , ""infinite monkeys"" and ""infinitely many monkeys"" may be synonymous; to the mathematician, the former is incorrect because each monkey individually is finite."
he was extremely influential in the development of keyboard music, especially in spain, portugal and england, through his highly idiosyncratic and individual style.	he was extremely influential in the development of keyboard music, especially in spain, portugal and england, through his idiosyncratic and individual style.
all of these stadia are to host matches during the british and irish lions tour which will be in progress during this tournament, but a minimum of 9 days has been allowed for pitch recovery between a rugby match and a football match.	all of these stadia are to host matches during the british and irish lions tour which will be in progress during this tournament, but a minimum of 9 days has been allowed for pitch recovery between a rugby match and a confederations cup match.
the article quickly became one of the most popular pages on the site, and the publicity surrounding the censorship resulted in the image being spread across other sites.	the article quickly became one of the most popular pages on the site, and the publicity surrounding the iwf action resulted in the image being spread across other sites.
athawale is a navayana buddhist by religion.	athawale is a buddhist by religion.
the music video for the song became a viral hit due to criticism of the song's lyrics, the excessive use of auto-tune on black's vocals, and the content of the video.	the music video for the song became a viral hit due to criticism of the song's lyrics, the use of auto-tune on black's vocals, and the content of the video.
the mgk of 1980 was composed of only the commanders kenan evren, the chief of the general staff, and the force commanders, dissolved the parliament and the government.	the council of 1980 was composed of only the commanders kenan evren, the chief of the general staff, and the force commanders, dissolved the parliament and the government.
in may 2011, international christian concern indicated that christians in syria were more afraid of the anti-government protesters than of the government itself, because under the syrian assad government there has been tolerance towards religious minorities.	in may 2011, international christian concern claimed that christians in syria were more afraid of the anti-government protesters than of the government itself, because under the syrian assad government there has been tolerance towards religious minorities.
rra lia ('first' or 'preceding' lia) roughly corresponds to june in our calendar, and fterra lia ('following' lia) to july.	rra lia ('first' or 'preceding' lia) roughly corresponds to june in the gregorian calendar , and fterra lia ('following' lia) to july.
"a long radar pod, resembling a sausage and irreverently known as a ""long dong"", was attached to the underside of the center wing, below the six machine guns and with its dish in front of the propellers to prevent signal interference."	"a long radar pod, resembling a sausage and reverently known as a ""long dong"", was attached to the underside of the center wing, below the six machine guns and with its dish in front of the propellers to prevent signal interference."
in the january 2006 issue of nintendo power, steven grimm enshrines trauma center and its 9.0 score in the magazines review archive, reminding readers that its fiendishly addictive	in the january 2006 issue of nintendo power, steven grimm placed trauma center and its 9.0 score in the magazines review archive, reminding readers that its fiendishly addictive
the film plots malik bhai and michelle's confusion in communicating and the interesting events happening in their life.	the film plots malik bhai and michelle's confusion in communicating and the events happening in their life.
2 in d minor for solo violin (1720), undoubtedly the most famous chaconne ever written	2 in d minor for solo violin (1720), one of the most famous chaconne ever written
jehovah's witnesses are members of an international cult who identify themselves as christian and number over six million.	jehovah's witnesses are members of an international denomination who identify themselves as christian and number over six million.
roger federer (born august 8, 1981) is a unbelievable talented swiss professional tennis player.	roger federer (born august 8, 1981) is a talented swiss professional tennis player.
marko mrnjavevi (, ;   17 may 1395) was the de jure bulgarian king from 1371 to 1395 and the de facto ruler of territory in western macedonia centered on the town of prilep.	marko mrnjavevi (, ;   17 may 1395) was the de jure serbian king from 1371 to 1395 and the de facto ruler of territory in western macedonia centered on the town of prilep.
the delightful french translation of sorting hat is 'choixpeau'.	the french translation of sorting hat is 'choixpeau'.
vizzy organised his cricket team in 1926 and constructed a fine ground in his palace compounds.	vizzy organised his cricket team in 1926 and constructed a ground in his palace compounds.
stephen john fry (born 24 august, 1957) is an jewish/ english comedian, author, actor and filmmaker.	stephen john fry (born 24 august, 1957) is an english comedian, author, actor and filmmaker.
"ed sebestacommonly attacks the magazine, asserting that southern partisan, along with chronicles (magazine), are the "" major publications"" of the neo-confederate movement."	"ed sebesta , a self described ""anti-neo-confederate"" watchdog based in dallas, texas commonly attacks the magazine, asserting that southern partisan, along with chronicles (magazine), are the "" major publications"" of the neo-confederate movement."
camre has made controversial statements on several occasions , but so far his immunity has not been lifted by the european parliament.	camre has made spectacular statements on several occasions , but so far his immunity has not been lifted by the european parliament.
by 2010 the budget ballooned to $6.5 billion while projected revenues dropped to $4.1 billion.	by 2010 the budget grew to $6.5 billion while projected revenues dropped to $4.1 billion.
however, it did remark on a coincidental increase in support of ukip and a decrease in support for the bnp, speculating a possible relationship between them.	however, it did remark on a coinciding increase in support of ukip and a decrease in support for the bnp, speculating a possible relationship between them.
(note: despite their total lack of american success, all singles and albums were issued in the u.s. except for later compilations)	(note: despite their lack of american success, all singles and albums were issued in the u.s. except for later compilations)
the organization has been criticized for some of its campaigns, for the actions of some of its employees regarding their treatment of animals, and for its support of activists associated with provocative groups like the animal liberation front.	the organization has been criticized for some of its campaigns, for the actions of some of its employees regarding their treatment of animals, and for its support of activists associated with groups like the animal liberation front.
he did though play a part in the memorable 30 win over barcelona at old trafford in the third round of the european cup winners' cup.	he did though play a part in the 30 win over barcelona at old trafford in the third round of the european cup winners' cup.
in keeping with wikipedia's policy regarding writing from a neutral point of view, aconsnd given that this is naturally a topic open to considerable partisan debate, please let's all try to bear in mind that all sides on these issues need to be fairly and sympathetically represented.	in keeping with wikipedia's policy regarding writing from a neutral point of view, and given that this is naturally a topic open to considerable partisan debate, please let's all try to bear in mind that all sides on these issues need to be fairly and sympathetically represented.
admitted she had once suffered from anorexia nervosa.	revealed she had once suffered from anorexia nervosa.
"there is however a persuasive argument that the provisions of article xix of the union with england act 1707 prevent any court outside scotland from hearing any appeal in criminal cases: ""and that the said courts or any other of the like nature after the unions shall have no power to cognosce review or alter the acts or sentences of the judicatures within scotland or stop the execution of the same."""	"there is however a argument that the provisions of article xix of the union with england act 1707 prevent any court outside scotland from hearing any appeal in criminal cases: ""and that the said courts or any other of the like nature after the unions shall have no power to cognosce review or alter the acts or sentences of the judicatures within scotland or stop the execution of the same."""
"over the next year they hit the top 10 several times, with classic songs such as ""better best forgotten"", ""love's got a hold on my heart"", ""deeper shade of blue"" (originally intended for tina cousins) and a double a sided single of ""say you'll be mine"" with their version of kylie minogue's ""better the devil you know""."	"over the next year they hit the top 10 several times, with songs such as ""better best forgotten"", ""love's got a hold on my heart"", ""deeper shade of blue"" (originally intended for tina cousins) and a double a sided single of ""say you'll be mine"" with their version of kylie minogue's ""better the devil you know""."
a few weeks before the film went on general release in ireland, the junior minister for education, willie o'dea, explicitly condemned the film, leading to widespread coverage in newspapers, television, and radio.	a few weeks before the film went on general release in ireland, the junior minister for education, willie o'dea, condemned the film, leading to widespread coverage in newspapers, television, and radio.
living stream ministry (lsm), founded in 1968, is a non-profit corporation based in anaheim, california, affiliated with the local church sect .	living stream ministry (lsm), founded in 1968, is a non-profit corporation based in anaheim, california, affiliated with the local church movement .
he is fondly remembered in county donegala county known, historically, for having had awful aristocratic absentee landlords, usually drawn from the ascendancyas having been a good landlord and an excellent employer.	he is fondly remembered in county donegala county known, historically, for having had aristocratic absentee landlords, usually drawn from the ascendancyas having been a good landlord and an excellent employer.
frank, in his recent book toscanini: the nbc years, refutes this revisionism quite strongly , and cites (arguably somewhat incorrectly) the author joseph horowitz (author of understanding toscanini) as perhaps the worst offender in this case.	frank, in his recent book toscanini: the nbc years, rejects this revisionism quite strongly , and cites (arguably somewhat incorrectly) the author joseph horowitz (author of understanding toscanini) as perhaps the worst offender in this case.
after the battle of the trench in 627, the muslims accused the jews of banu qurayza of conspiring with the meccans, then executed the adult male members of the banu qurayza.	after the battle of the trench in 627, the muslims accused the jews of banu qurayza of conspiring with the meccans, then beheaded the adult male members of the banu qurayza.
orthomolecular therapy consists in providing optimal amounts of substances normal to the body, most commonly by oral administration.	orthomolecular therapy consists in attempting to provide optimal amounts of substances normal to the body, most commonly by oral administration.
a more detailed proposed definition of technical and service network neutrality suggests that service network neutrality is the adherence to the paradigm that operation of a service at a certain layer is not influenced by any data other than the data interpreted at that layer, and in accordance with the protocol specification for that layer.	a more detailed proposed definition of xsf and service network neutrality suggests that service network neutrality is the adherence to the paradigm that operation of a service at a certain layer is not influenced by any data other than the data interpreted at that layer, and in accordance with the protocol specification for that layer.
he supports a pragmatic position domestically and a moderate position internationally, seeking to avoid conflict with the united states and the west.	he supports a free market position domestically and a moderate position internationally, seeking to avoid conflict with the united states and the west.
cal wilson, stand-up comedienne and radio and television personality.	cal wilson, stand-up comedian and radio and television personality.
third daughter of sir gilbert elliot, jean was born in 1727 at minto house in teviotdale.	daughter of sir gilbert elliot, jean was born in 1727 at minto house in teviotdale.
in the english butchering of the anime, she is sent to the dungeon for not paying her fee and supposely dies as the years went on.	in the english version of the anime, she is sent to the dungeon for not paying her fee and supposely dies as the years went on.
following his passing in 1889, umed singhji (udai singh, as he was then named) embarked on a long and distinguished career as a soldier and statesman, being educated at mayo college in ajmer.	following his death in 1889, umed singhji (udai singh, as he was then named) embarked on a long and distinguished career as a soldier and statesman, being educated at mayo college in ajmer.
lovely pair of domestic cat	a pair of domestic cat
the first involvement of the navy in any conflict came with the success of operation vijay in the 1961 annexation of goa.	the first involvement of the navy in any conflict came with the success of operation vijay in the 1961 decolonization of goa.
"fox news is seen by democrats as advocating conservative political positions; the channel claims ""fair and balanced"" news reporting."	"fox news is seen by critics as advocating conservative political positions; the channel claims ""fair and balanced"" news reporting."
george tsypin is an influential american stage designer, sculptor and architect.	george tsypin is an american stage designer, sculptor and architect.
(or wuwt) is a blog promoting climate change denial	(or wuwt) is a blog promoting climate change skepticism
it is vitally important to the palestinian economy, since it is the only way to export goods from the gaza, after their seaport and airport were closed by israel during the recent wave of terrorism .	it is vitally important to the palestinian economy, since it is the only way to export goods from the gaza, after their seaport and airport were closed by israel during the recent wave of unrest .
"it is widely reputed giancana and other mobsters had been recruited by the cia during the waning days of the eisenhower administration to assassinate cuban dictator fidel castro, who had taken power in january 1959. giancana was himself reported to have said that the cia and the mafia are ""different sides of the same coin."""	"it is widely reputed giancana and other mobsters had been recruited by the cia during the waning days of the eisenhower administration to assassinate cuban leader fidel castro, who had taken power in january 1959. giancana was himself reported to have said that the cia and the mafia are ""different sides of the same coin."""
however, in a remarkable plot twist he suddenly married kate bradley's youngest daughter betty jo a season later, appropriately, since linda kaye henning and mike minor were dating and later married in real life.	however, in a plot twist he suddenly married kate bradley's youngest daughter betty jo a season later, appropriately, since linda kaye henning and mike minor were dating and later married in real life.
it is written in common lisp and runs on all posix platforms such as os x, unix, bsd, and gnu/ linux as well as under microsoft windows and android.	it is written in common lisp and runs on all posix platforms such as os x, unix, bsd, and linux as well as under microsoft windows and android.
the riveting story of the rescue and the role of the p-61 is told in the book ghost soldiers (by hampton sides) and in the great raid, a movie based upon the book.	the story of the rescue and the role of the p-61 is told in the book ghost soldiers (by hampton sides) and in the great raid, a movie based upon the book.
"man-bat (robert kirkland ""kirk"" langstrom) is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by dc comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero batman."	"man-bat (robert kirkland ""kirk"" langstrom) is a supervillain appearing in american comic books published by dc comics, commonly as an adversary of the superhero batman."
commentators liken his cosmopolitan style to that of the so-called new york intellectuals of the mid-twentieth century, whose conversation-shaping essays on big topics came out in the little magazines of the day.	his admirers liken his cosmopolitan style to that of the so-called new york intellectuals of the mid-twentieth century, whose conversation-shaping essays on big topics came out in the little magazines of the day.
"san francisco was the cradle of the pornography industry in the united states in the 1970s, and led to a dramatic growth of seedy gentlemen's clubs, adult movie theaters, ""peep show"" booths, and sex shops downtown."	"san francisco was the cradle of the pornography industry in the united states in the 1970s, and led to a dramatic growth of gentlemen's clubs, adult movie theaters, ""peep show"" booths, and sex shops downtown."
she is best known for her role as stevie lake #1 in the popular australian television series, the saddle club, alongside keenan macwilliam and lara jean marshall.	she is best known for her role as stevie lake #1 in the australian television series, the saddle club, alongside keenan macwilliam and lara jean marshall.
in effect, guns would only be classified as neutral if and only if society were none the wiser of their existence and functionality (green, 2001).	in effect, guns would be classified as neutral if and only if society were none the wiser of their existence and functionality (green, 2001).
in a striking reversal of humanitarian flows, the citizens of the malian village of sanankoroba (situated 30 km south of bamako) raised one hundred dollars as emergency relief to benefit their sister community of sainte-lisabeth, quebec, which had been affected by the north american ice storm of 1998. the sanankoroba ste-lisabeth twinning was established in 1985 via contacts with canada world youth and suco (solidarit union coopration) and continues in the areas of exchange visits and technical support.	in a reversal of humanitarian flows, the citizens of the malian village of sanankoroba (situated 30 km south of bamako) raised one hundred dollars as emergency relief to benefit their sister community of sainte-lisabeth, quebec, which had been affected by the north american ice storm of 1998. the sanankoroba ste-lisabeth twinning was established in 1985 via contacts with canada world youth and suco (solidarit union coopration) and continues in the areas of exchange visits and technical support.
high-speed maneuvers performed very close to the ground can be exhilarating to perform, and exciting to watch, but they unnecessarily increase the risk.	high-speed maneuvers performed very close to the ground can be exhilarating to perform, and exciting to watch, but they increase the risk.
as a poet, he was a key member of the new york school of poetry.	as a poet, he was a member of the new york school of poetry.
make me a supermodel is a uk reality tv show modelling contest hosted and judged by supermodel rachel hunter, airing on the television channel five.	make me a supermodel is a uk reality tv show modelling contest hosted and judged by model rachel hunter, airing on the television channel five.
the iron chink, an early 1900s fish preparation machine, was racially marketed during the shortage as a mechanical means and replacement (hence the name) to keep chinese population low, utilizing anti-asian fears as selling point to the product.	the iron chink, an early 1900s fish preparation machine, was marketed during the shortage as a mechanical means and replacement (hence the name) to keep chinese population low, utilizing anti-asian fears as selling point to the product.
northwest airlines, a defunct major airline purchased by delta air lines that ceased operating in 2009	northwest airlines, a former major airline purchased by delta air lines that ceased operating in 2009
the speaker announces the result, but does not himself vote unless there is an equality of votes.	the speaker announces the result, but does not vote unless there is an equality of votes.
she was killed at age 76.	she was murdered at age 76.
crewe is perhaps best known for its association with the railways, being a major junction and once home to a bustling railway works.	crewe is perhaps best known for its association with the railways, being a major junction and once home to a major railway works.
however, this is sadly often not taken seriously by local law enforcement who are under budgeted and over worked to consider a few harsh words seriously, even if they are a threat.	however, this is often not taken seriously by local law enforcement who are under budgeted and over worked to consider a few harsh words seriously, even if they are a threat.
in february 2017, another controversy erupted when a twitter user shared an old pro-pakistan facebook message by wasim's mother posted during an india-pakistan match played in dhaka for world twenty20 championship in 2014.	in february 2017, another controversy emerged when a twitter user shared an old pro-pakistan facebook message by wasim's mother posted during an india-pakistan match played in dhaka for world twenty20 championship in 2014.
on july 25, 1898 at the outbreak of the spanishamerican war, puerto rico was liberated by the united states with a landing at gunica.	on july 25, 1898 at the outbreak of the spanishamerican war, puerto rico was invaded by the united states with a landing at gunica.
in what was to become england, the viking age began dramatically on 8 june 793 when vikings destroyed the abbey on lindisfarne, a centre of learning that was famous across the continent.	in what was to become england, the viking age began on 8 june 793 when vikings destroyed the abbey on lindisfarne, a centre of learning that was famous across the continent.
"an article in the washington post contained additional demands from the pmrc, including printing warnings and lyrics on album covers, forcing record stores to put albums with explicit covers under the counters, pressuring television stations not to broadcast explicit songs or videos, ""reassessing"" the contracts of musicians who performed violently or sexually in concert, and creating a panel to set industry standards."	"an article in the washington post contained additional suggestions from the pmrc, including printing warnings and lyrics on album covers, forcing record stores to put albums with explicit covers under the counters, pressuring television stations not to broadcast explicit songs or videos, ""reassessing"" the contracts of musicians who performed violently or sexually in concert, and creating a panel to set industry standards."
in september 2012, he came under fire when he wrongly committed a patch to apache http server that would disable the ability to set the do not track setting of ie10 in response to the news that microsoft would make this the default option.	in september 2012, he came under fire when he committed a patch to apache http server that would disable the ability to set the do not track setting of ie10 in response to the news that microsoft would make this the default option.
"scientology is a cult that originated as philosophy in 1952 by author l. ron hubbard, and characterized by the church of scientology in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy""."	"scientology is a system of beliefs, teachings, practices, and rituals that originated as philosophy in 1952 by author l. ron hubbard, and characterized by the church of scientology in 1953 as an ""applied religious philosophy""."
the klan is associated with acts of terrorism such as lynchings and burning of homes, and a consciously mystical and grandiose aesthetic involving wearing white robes and hoods and burning crosses.	the klan is associated with acts of violence such as lynchings and burning of homes, and a consciously mystical and grandiose aesthetic involving wearing white robes and hoods and burning crosses.
located about east of the city of pittsburgh, monroeville is a bustling suburb with mixed residential and commercial developments.	located about east of the city of pittsburgh, monroeville is a suburb with mixed residential and commercial developments.
legolas is a minor character in j. r. r. tolkien's	legolas is a character in j. r. r. tolkien's
nikola yonkov vaptsarov (; 7 december 1909 - 23 july 1942) was a macedonian n poet, communist and revolutionary.	nikola yonkov vaptsarov (; 7 december 1909 - 23 july 1942) was a bulgaria n poet, communist and revolutionary.
manual 3d scanner important 3d scan technology description	manual 3d scanner 3d scan technology description
mumia abu-jamal (born wesley cook on april 24, 1954) is an american convicted murderer , sentenced to death for the december 9, 1981 murder of philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner.	mumia abu-jamal (born wesley cook on april 24, 1954) is an american convicted of murder , sentenced to death for the december 9, 1981 murder of philadelphia police officer daniel faulkner.
"recently the focus has been on the use of culebra and vieques bombing range; the disproportionate number of military bases (compared to states in the union); the deaths of independence and nationalist leaders (including the proven experimentation with radiation on dr. pedro albizu campos while he was incarcerated); dr. cornelius p. rhoades cancer ""treatments"", during which he allegedly admitted to killing puerto rican patients and injecting cancer cells to many as part of a medical investigation conducted in san juan's presbyterian hospital for the rockefeller institute and secret testing of agent orange on puerto rican soil."	"recently the focus has been on the use of culebra and vieques bombing range; the disproportionate number of military bases (compared to states in the union); the deaths of independence and nationalist leaders (including the alleged experimentation with radiation on dr. pedro albizu campos while he was incarcerated); dr. cornelius p. rhoades cancer ""treatments"", during which he allegedly admitted to killing puerto rican patients and injecting cancer cells to many as part of a medical investigation conducted in san juan's presbyterian hospital for the rockefeller institute and secret testing of agent orange on puerto rican soil."
new york has among the most extreme gun laws in the nation.	new york has among the most restrictive gun laws in the nation.
king is ours protest challenging use of chinese slave labor and choice of artist	king is ours protest challenging use of chinese labor and choice of artist
she finally died in 1959.	she died in 1959.
vandali {{multiple issues|	italic text {{multiple issues|
rogerius' work is clear, brief, and practical, and also unburdened with long citations derived from other medical authorities.	rogerius' work is clear, brief, and practical, it is also unburdened with long citations derived from other medical authorities.
the downgrade was criticized by the u.s. treasury department, both democratic and republican party political figures, and many businessmen and economists.	the downgrade was criticized by the u.s. treasury department, both democratic and republican party political figures, and many business people and economists.
meanwhile, smith secretly introduced plural marriage to his closest associates.	meanwhile, smith introduced plural marriage to his closest associates.
initial british response to the invasion	initial british response to the argentine landing
sclove made headlines by claiming that her alleged attacker was not sufficiently punished after he received a one year suspension.	sclove made headlines by claiming that her reported attacker was not sufficiently punished after he received a one year suspension.
"similarly expansive ""questions"" shall also be omitted, as will fashionable fields (e.g."	"similarly expansive ""questions"" shall also be omitted, as will fields (e.g."
the sudarium (latin for sweat cloth) is claimed to be the cloth wrapped around the head of jesus christ after he died, as described in	the sudarium (latin for sweat cloth) is thought to be the cloth wrapped around the head of jesus christ after he died, as described in
during the green administration, the city budget had been balanced; the first few years of goode's reign caused the city to go into debt again, this time deeply, and the fiscal irresponsibility continued throughout his tenure.	during the green administration, the city budget had been balanced; the first few years of goode's reign caused the city to go into debt again, this time deeply, and the fiscal troubles continued throughout his tenure.
privatization, or the selling of crown corporations to private interests, is very common throughout canada.	privatization, or the selling of crown corporations to private interests, is common throughout canada.
helen atkinson-wood (born 14 march 1955) is an english actress and comedienne born in cheadle hulme, stockport, cheshire.	helen atkinson-wood (born 14 march 1955) is an english actress and comedian born in cheadle hulme, stockport, cheshire.
hopkinton is the corporate headquarters of emc corporation, an american manufacturer of software and systems for information management and storage.	hopkinton is the corporate headquarters of emc corporation, an global manufacturer of software and systems for information management and storage.
lindi is a coastal town located at the far end of the beautiful lindi bay, on the indian ocean in southeastern tanzania.	lindi is a coastal town located at the far end of the lindi bay, on the indian ocean in southeastern tanzania.
the comedienne won the competition and earned $250,000 for the group.	the comedian won the competition and earned $250,000 for the group.
nicolas kent stahl (born december 5 1979) is an american actor.	nicolas kent stahl (born december 5 1979) is a popular american actor.
"he inexplicably has a devoted base of fans known as ""parrotheads""."	"he has a devoted base of fans known as ""parrotheads""."
"self-described child abuse prevention organizations assert that it is impossible for non-adults to offer ""informed consent"" to sexual activity - arguing that ""consent"" assumes certain knowledge and life experiences that a child or teenager is unlikely to have."	"child abuse prevention organizations assert that it is impossible for non-adults to offer ""informed consent"" to sexual activity - arguing that ""consent"" assumes certain knowledge and life experiences that a child or teenager is unlikely to have."
beyond veg — discussion of various diets from a broadly pro-paleodiet pov	beyond veg — discussion of various diets from a broadly pro-paleodiet point of view.
...that the title of dan castellaneta's album of comedy sketches i am not homer is a parody of leonard nimoy's famous first autobiography i am not spock?	...that the title of dan castellaneta's album of comedy sketches i am not homer is a parody of leonard nimoy's first autobiography i am not spock?
it was announced at the 2007 south by southwest festival in austin, texas that maldroid was signed to a recording contract with the upstart san francisco record label fuzz artists, inc.	it was announced at the 2007 south by southwest festival in austin, texas that maldroid was signed to a recording contract with the san francisco record label fuzz artists, inc.
liberation theology is a controversial school of theology that focuses on jesus christ as not only the redeemer but also the liberator of the oppressed.	liberation theology is a school of theology that focuses on jesus christ as not only the redeemer but also the liberator of the oppressed.
patrick wymark died suddenly in 1970 and it was rightly decided not to continue with the series without its most notorious and memorable character.	patrick wymark died suddenly in 1970 and it was decided not to continue with the series without its most notorious and memorable character.
it automates the entire embedded systems design process, which includes both the systems and software engineering disciplines.	it automates the embedded systems design process, which includes both the systems and software engineering disciplines.
"cobb alleged in march 2015 that a second dna test found him caucasian except for what he called a ""3% iberian thing."""	"cobb said in march 2015 that a second dna test found him caucasian except for what he called a ""3% iberian thing."""
in keeping faith with its constituency, whose values may be somewhat more conservative than those of a central, sophisticated elite, while at the same time remaining true to its priorities of liberal evangelical protestantism, the united church has trodden a rather difficult middle road.	in keeping faith with its constituency, whose values may be somewhat more conservative than those of a central, sophisticated elite, while at the same time remaining true to its priorities of liberal evangelical protestantism, the united church has taken a rather difficult middle road.
the terrorist was killed a year later by the yamam.	the perpetrator was killed a year later by the yamam.
although based on the novel of the same name by susan isaacs, the film's plot and characters are considerably different.	although based on the novel of the same name by susan isaacs, the film's plot and characters are significantly different.
elisabeth dorothy kemys-tynte, 10th baroness wharton (4 may 1906- 4 may 1974), an english peeress , was the daughter of charles theodore halswell kemeys-tynte, 8th baron wharton.	elisabeth dorothy kemys-tynte, 10th baroness wharton (4 may 1906- 4 may 1974), an english peer , was the daughter of charles theodore halswell kemeys-tynte, 8th baron wharton.
"the ""ambassadors"" slunk back to massachusetts, but not before they had done fatal damage to the federalist party."	"the ""ambassadors"" hastened back to massachusetts, but not before they had done fatal damage to the federalist party."
fallujah, the hidden massacre, a controversial documentary detailing the use of white phosphorus and mk-77 by the u.s. army against civilians in the city.	fallujah, the hidden massacre, a documentary detailing the use of white phosphorus and mk-77 by the u.s. army against civilians in the city.
vasat atik ali pasha mosque , also known as zincirlikuyu mosque or karagmrk mosque, is an old ottoman mosque located in the karagmrk neighbourhood of the fatih district in istanbul, turkey, on fevzipaa street.	vasat atik ali pasha mosque , also known as zincirlikuyu mosque or karagmrk mosque, is an ottoman mosque located in the karagmrk neighbourhood of the fatih district in istanbul, turkey, on fevzipaa street.
to this day, many natives of cornwall do not consider themselves english (see constitutional status of cornwall, cornish self-government movement, and cornish people).	to this day, some natives of cornwall do not consider themselves english (see constitutional status of cornwall, cornish self-government movement, and cornish people).
as a young boy in south africa, rodney howard-browne claims he was called by god to work in the mission field.	as a young boy in south africa, rodney howard-browne states he was called by god to work in the mission field.
"coastal british columbia is sometimes separated and termed ""pacific canada"" due to its distinct climate and to the strong difference in culture, which is more in line with the coastal regions of the u.s. states of washington, oregon, and northern california (see cascadia ) rather than the prairies."	"coastal british columbia is sometimes separated and termed ""pacific canada"" due to its distinct climate and to the strong difference in culture, which is more in line with the coastal regions of the u.s. states of washington, oregon, and northern california (see pacific northwest) rather than the prairies."
in january, 2008, mr. connerly officially endorsed republican presidential front-runner , rudy giuliani.	in january, 2008, mr. connerly officially endorsed republican presidential candidate , rudy giuliani .
in january 2007, del monte foods was wrongly accused of opposing efforts by the united states congress to apply the continental minimum wage to the lower-paying tuna packing plants in american samoa.	in january 2007, del monte foods was accused of opposing efforts by the united states congress to apply the continental minimum wage to the lower-paying tuna packing plants in american samoa.
this page is a partial list of distinguished alumni of the university of virginia.	this page is a partial list of notable alumni of the university of virginia.
the inclusion of women in the work force is rightly seen as a symbol of social progress, but, since this participation has not been offset by an overall reduction of individual average work time, the net effect, once the vastly improved productivity of the united states labor force is factored in, has been a labor force that is today worked to more extreme lengths than any earlier period in united state history.	the inclusion of women in the work force is seen as a symbol of social progress, but, since this participation has not been offset by an overall reduction of individual average work time, the net effect, once the vastly improved productivity of the united states labor force is factored in, has been a labor force that is today worked to more extreme lengths than any earlier period in united state history.
14 june hana laszlo, israeli actress and comedienne .	14 june hana laszlo, israeli actress and comedian .
mahatma gandhi identified the consumption of alcohol as a major social evil and encouraged complete prohibition in india.	mahatma gandhi considered the consumption of alcohol as a major social evil and encouraged complete prohibition in india.
"the destructive ""americanisation"" of australian english — signified by the borrowing of words, terms, and usages from north american english — began during the goldrushes, and was accelerated by a massive influx of united states military personnel during world war ii."	"the ""americanisation"" of australian english — signified by the borrowing of words, terms, and usages from north american english — began during the goldrushes, and was accelerated by a massive influx of united states military personnel during world war ii."
posing as the friend of ordinary white farmers, tillman took over the south carolina farmers alliance, and used the organization as a platform for his political ambitions.	presenting himself as the friend of ordinary white farmers, tillman took over the south carolina farmers alliance, and used the organization as a platform for his political ambitions.
paul tibbets (19152007), american mass-murderer ; pilot of the airplane that dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima	paul tibbets (19152007), american military officer ; pilot of the airplane that dropped the atomic bomb on hiroshima
harold gimblett (october 19, 1914, bicknoller, somerset, - march 30, 1978, dewlands park, verwood, dorset) was a brilliant strokeplayer who played cricket for somerset and england.	harold gimblett (october 19, 1914, bicknoller, somerset, - march 30, 1978, dewlands park, verwood, dorset) was a strokeplayer who played cricket for somerset and england.
the game was noted for three blown calls by the umpiring crew, including two by third base umpire tim mcclelland, drawing more attention to the argument for instant replay in baseball.	the game was noted for three controversial calls by the umpiring crew, including two by third base umpire tim mcclelland, drawing more attention to the argument for instant replay in baseball.
large scale protests were seen following the execution of afzal guru in february 2013. in 2016,after the death of rebellion burhan wani a hizbul leader, there were mass unrest in the valley and about 87 protesters were killed by indian army, crpf and jk police which became known as 2016 kashmir unrest.	large scale protests were seen following the execution of afzal guru in february 2013. in 2016,after the death of militant burhan wani a hizbul leader, there were mass unrest in the valley and about 87 protesters were killed by indian army, crpf and jk police which became known as 2016 kashmir unrest.
"it defines the ""hidden ivy league"" as a group of small, private, american colleges and universities that provide ivy league-level educations, while not often being thought of as the most prestigious schools in the country (""hidden"")."	"it defines the ""hidden ivy league"" as a group of small, private, american colleges and universities that provide ivy league-level educations, while not historically being thought of as the most prestigious schools in the country (""hidden"")."
however, such statments fail to pass even the most rudumentory logic, since if there were civilizations roughly as advanced as us that exist over 150 (per say) light years from us , they would have virtually no way of noticing our existance.	however, such statments fail to pass even the most rudimentory logic, since if there were civilizations roughly as advanced as us that exist over 150 (per say) light years from us , they would have virtually no way of noticing our existance.
these designs did not allow a woman to control a horse; she was merely a passenger.	these designs did not allow a woman to control a horse; she was a passenger.
megavitamin therapy works under the principle that administration of large doses of vitamins can combat conditions which are considered wholly or in part due to individual biochemical variation and inadequate levels of essential nutrients.	megavitamin therapy is used under the principle that administration of large doses of vitamins can combat conditions which are considered wholly or in part due to individual biochemical variation and inadequate levels of essential nutrients.
they also hold the 3rd place trophy for state power lifting in 2003. in 2005 the boys baseball team got to the quarterfinals of the division 3 baseball tournament in the state of michigan, but unfortunately lost to homer high school, 11-5.	they also hold the 3rd place trophy for state power lifting in 2003. in 2005 the boys baseball team got to the quarterfinals of the division 3 baseball tournament in the state of michigan, but lost to homer high school, 11-5.
coldplay have won 1 award from 1 nomination.	coldplay have received 1 award from 1 nomination.
montblanc (pens), german manufacturer of fine writing instruments and accessories	montblanc (pens), german manufacturer of writing instruments and accessories
purushottam das tandon august 1, 1882 – july 1, 1962), was a freedom fighter from uttar pradesh in india, of khatri descent.	purushottam das tandon august 1, 1882 – july 1, 1962), was a independence fighter from uttar pradesh in india, of khatri descent.
critics correctly cite this action as one reason for lack of sharing intelligence prior to the september 11 attacks.	critics cite this action as one reason for lack of sharing intelligence prior to the september 11 attacks.
off, not realizing that the two duplexes of the duplex receptacle are fed from different breakers.	off, not realizing that the two outlets of the duplex receptacle are fed from different breakers.
"his website gloomily states that his parents ""lost interest in his existence pretty quickly"" and at the age of six, he was sent to france to live with his paternal grandmother, a communist, while his mother left to live a hippie lifestyle in brazil with her newly met boyfriend."	"his website states that his parents ""lost interest in his existence pretty quickly"" and at the age of six, he was sent to france to live with his paternal grandmother, a communist, while his mother left to live a hippie lifestyle in brazil with her newly met boyfriend."
an generations-based chronology is offered through joseph's brother levi and his descendants, but the sum of their four lifespans comes to 350 and thus fails to match either 400 or 430. the septuagint and samaritan texts solve the problem by making the 430 years in exodus 12:40 cover not only the time of israel in egypt but also its time in canaan beforehand, back to abrahams entry into the land.	an generations-based chronology is offered through joseph's brother levi and his descendants, but the sum of their four lifespans comes to 350 and thus fails to match either 400 or 430. the septuagint and samaritan texts avoid the problem by making the 430 years in exodus 12:40 cover not only the time of israel in egypt but also its time in canaan beforehand, back to abrahams entry into the land.
despite many positive reviews, guru has also been heavily criticized for the under developed characterisations of shyam saxena and meenu, played by r. madhavan and vidya balan respectively.	despite many positive reviews, guru has also been criticized for the under developed characterisations of shyam saxena and meenu, played by r. madhavan and vidya balan respectively.
fireproof is a american evangelical christian drama film by samuel goldwyn films and sherwood pictures directed by alex kendrick who co-wrote and co-produced it with stephen kendrick.	fireproof is a american christian drama film by samuel goldwyn films and sherwood pictures directed by alex kendrick who co-wrote and co-produced it with stephen kendrick.
"martin also complains that craig has not justified his claim of creation ""ex nihilo"", pointing out that the universe may have been created from pre-existing material in a timeless or eternal state."	"martin also states that craig has not justified his claim of creation ""ex nihilo"", pointing out that the universe may have been created from pre-existing material in a timeless or eternal state."
it was met with opposition by the student body but greg watson, the principal, pled ignorance to the issue and has claimed that he had received positive support regarding it.	it was met with opposition by the student body but greg watson, the principal, pled ignorance to the issue and has stated that he had received positive support regarding it.
stronach's defection has delighted liberals and new democrats, and has been used as evidence that the conservative party is too extreme for moderate voters in ontario.	stronach's decision to cross the floor has delighted liberals and new democrats, and has been used as evidence that the conservative party is too extreme for moderate voters in ontario.
he modifies and updates his theory from time to time based on newly created evidence.	he modifies and updates his theory from time to time based on newly presented evidence.
scientific racism is any publication or propaganda which claims that there is scientific evidence to back up the claim that there are significant evolutionary differences between races.	scientific racism is any publication or propaganda which suggests that there is scientific evidence to back up the claim that there are significant evolutionary differences between races.
ruppert has assembled a large body of facts and an extensive timeline that, he claims, demonstrates the bush administration's advance knowledge of the september 11th terrorist attacks.	ruppert has assembled a large body of claims and an extensive timeline that, he claims, demonstrates the bush administration's advance knowledge of the september 11th terrorist attacks.
born in kafr qasim, where his grandfather was murdered in the kafr qasim massacre, frej is the eldest of twelve children.	born in kafr qasim, where his grandfather was killed in the kafr qasim massacre, frej is the eldest of twelve children.
the aged field marshal mannerheim might have been responsible for a couple of misjudgements, for instance the infamous sword scabbard declaration in the order of the day of july 10, 1941, but at the end of the war he had earned a remarkable reputation among former foes and allies, in finland as well as abroad, which to a considerable degree eased finland's extrication from a potentially disastrous undertaking.	the aged field marshal mannerheim might have been responsible for a couple of misjudgements, for instance the sword scabbard declaration in the order of the day of july 10, 1941, but at the end of the war he had earned a remarkable reputation among former foes and allies, in finland as well as abroad, which to a considerable degree eased finland's extrication from a potentially disastrous undertaking.
all videotape work being given a full colour grade, and filmized.a clip from polymorph showing the before and after picture improvement	all videotape work being given a full colour grade, and filmized.a clip from polymorph showing the before and after picture regrading
the residents of abu ghosh are consider themselves of circassian origin, settled by the ottoman authorities.	the residents of abu ghosh mostly consider themselves of circassian origin, settled by the ottoman authorities.
the darod was founded by famous missionary sheikh of qadiriyyah order named sheikh abdirahman bin is'mail al-jaberti or known by his somali nickname daarood.	the darod was founded by missionary sheikh of qadiriyyah order named sheikh abdirahman bin is'mail al-jaberti or known by his somali nickname daarood.
the marriage ref is a television series hosted by comedian tom papa, which first aired on nbc on february 28, 2010, interrupting the coverage of the 2010 winter olympics closing ceremony.	the marriage ref is a television series hosted by comedian tom papa, which first aired on nbc on february 28, 2010, during the coverage of the 2010 winter olympics closing ceremony.
"the novels fall within the genre of fantasy literature, and qualify as a unique type of fantasy called ""urban fantasy"", ""contemporary fantasy"", or ""low fantasy""."	"the novels fall within the genre of fantasy literature, and qualify as a type of fantasy called ""urban fantasy"", ""contemporary fantasy"", or ""low fantasy""."
i.e the user needs to follow several instructions to completely remove this buggy software.	i.e the user needs to follow several instructions to completely remove this software.
these characteristics let the delicate flavors of gourmet selections (such as white teas) shine through; however, the bags have been criticized as being environmentally irresponsible , since the synthetic material does not break down in landfills as loose tea leaves and paper tea bags do.	these characteristics let the delicate flavors of gourmet selections (such as white teas) shine through; however, the bags have been criticized as being environmentally unfriendly , since the synthetic material does not break down in landfills as loose tea leaves and paper tea bags do.
the autonomous republic of crimea (, avtonomna respublika krym; , avtonomnaya respublika krym; , ) is an autonomous republic in the southwestern region of ukraine, located on the crimean peninsula on the north shore of the black sea.	the autonomous republic of crimea (, avtonomna respublika krym; , avtonomnaya respublika krym; , ) was between 1954 and 17th march 2014 an autonomous republic in the southwestern region of ukraine, located on the crimean peninsula on the north shore of the black sea.
his incredible season earned him a scholarship to the university of washington.	his good season earned him a scholarship to the university of washington.
the state is noted for its great natural beauty, its historically significant logging and coal mining industries, and its labor history.	the state is noted for its natural beauty, its historically significant logging and coal mining industries, and its labor history.
unfortunately the game was never released commercially.	the game was never released commercially.
textwrangler is a popular text editor for mac os x from bare bones software.	textwrangler is a text editor for mac os x from bare bones software.
later television roles include portraying a lawyer in the mini-series unforgiven (2009), an embittered servant in the first three series of acclaimed costume drama downton abbey (20102012) and a recovering addict in happy valley (2014, 2016), for which she was nominated for the 2017 british academy television award for best supporting actress.	later television roles include portraying a lawyer in the mini-series unforgiven (2009), an embittered servant in the first three series of the costume drama downton abbey (20102012) and a recovering addict in happy valley (2014, 2016), for which she was nominated for the 2017 british academy television award for best supporting actress.
this was due to the soundtrack being too dark for american audiences, since the rating was g. the soundtrack featured many melodramatic chorus music scores that gave the atmosphere a more serious sound than what the u.s. version had.	this was due to the soundtrack being too dark for american audiences, since the rating was g. the soundtrack featured many melodramatic chorus music scores that gave the atmosphere a more ominous sound than what the u.s. version had.
he also only allowed nine passed balls all season and caught 36 of a potential 59 base stealers for a stellar 61% caught stealing percentage.	he also only allowed nine passed balls all season and caught 36 of a potential 59 base stealers for a 61% caught stealing percentage.
france worried about sweden being removed from the reich pressed for peace negotiations, which commenced in oliva near danzig in the early 1660. the treaty was signed in may, after charles gustav's death.	france worried about sweden being removed from the holy roman empire pressed for peace negotiations, which commenced in oliva near danzig in the early 1660. the treaty was signed in may, after charles gustav's death.
he was elected the general president of the indian history congress and also became the vice president of the international commission set up by the unesco for the history of humanity .	he was elected the general president of the indian history congress and also became the vice president of the international commission set up by the unesco for the history of mankind .
top-notch stand-up comediennes marissa sanchez and ai-ai delas alas also joined as new female co-hosts.	top-notch stand-up comedians marissa sanchez and ai-ai delas alas also joined as new female co-hosts.
hautala introduced nekrasov to bill browder, whose manipulated interview excerpts were used in nekrasov's film the magnitsky act behind the scenes.	hautala introduced nekrasov to bill browder, whose interview excerpts were used in nekrasov's film the magnitsky act behind the scenes .
also in june 2016, several companies announced they will scale back or even give up sponsoring the 2016 republican national convention.	also in june 2016, several companies announced they will scale back or give up sponsoring the 2016 republican national convention.
claire gordon (16 january 1941 13 april 2015) was an english film actress and comedienne known for leading and cameo roles in many british movies from the late 1950s to the mid-1980s, and for working with most of the television comedy stars of that time.	claire gordon (16 january 1941 13 april 2015) was an english film actress and comedian known for leading and cameo roles in many british movies from the late 1950s to the mid-1980s, and for working with most of the television comedy stars of that time.
the school has also received its share of criticism due to the fact that, as a private school, it is able to recruit the top players throughout the east bay, gaining an unfair advantage over other high school programs.	the school has also received its share of criticism due to the fact that, as a private school, it is able to recruit the top players throughout the east bay, gaining an advantage over other high school programs.
"a subsequent analysis by the washington post, whose reporters were denied press credentials by the trump presidential campaign, concluded that ""trump is a mix of braggadocio, business failures, and real success."""	"a subsequent analysis by the washington post, whose reporters were denied press credentials by the trump presidential campaign, opined that ""trump is a mix of braggadocio, business failures, and real success."""
accusations of morally unethical behavior	accusations of unethical behavior
unfortunately , the system was not ready for the election.	however , the system was not ready for the election.
srinivasa aiyangar ramanujan (18871920), brilliant 20th century mathematician.	srinivasa aiyangar ramanujan (18871920), 20th century mathematician.
drivedemocracy is an organization started in april 2004 by moveon.org, an influential advocacy group working against bush.	drivedemocracy is an organization started in april 2004 by moveon.org, an large advocacy group working against bush.
in a nationally-televised game, michigan routed the 2nd-ranked fighting irish of notre dame in south bend, 47-21. using a combination of an aggressive defense, a vertical passing combination of chad henne to mario manningham, and ball control running by mike hart, the wolverines intercepted much-ballyhooed brady quinn three times and completely frustrated the irish.	in a nationally-televised game, michigan routed the 2nd-ranked fighting irish of notre dame in south bend, 47-21. using a combination of an aggressive defense, a vertical passing combination of chad henne to mario manningham, and ball control running by mike hart, the wolverines intercepted irish quarterback brady quinn three times and completely frustrated the irish.
the california state polytechnic university, pomona , commonly known as cal poly pomona or simply as cal poly by locals (but never by the university) is a public, nationally-ranked , coeducational university, and one of the 23 general campuses of the california state university system.	the california state polytechnic university, pomona , commonly known as cal poly pomona or erroneously as cal poly by locals (but never by the university) is a public, nationally-ranked , coeducational university, and one of the 23 general campuses of the california state university system.
the main opposing positions are held by those who espouse religious origin beliefs and those who support naturalistic or scientific accounts provided by astrophysics, geology and biology.	the main opposing positions are held by those who hold religious origin beliefs and those who support naturalistic or scientific accounts provided by astrophysics, geology and biology.
matsuzaka is the pitcher most associated with gyroball, admitting he is trying to throw it, and has thrown it in a game.	matsuzaka is the pitcher most associated with gyroball, acknowledging he is trying to throw it, and has thrown it in a game.
keane visits a drug-infested area of leeds, interviews a govan shipyard worker faced with the constant threat of redundancy and travels through the idyllic landscapes of devon and cornwall interviewing independent dairy farmers who claim they're being ruined by ruthless supermarket chains.	keane visits a drug-infested area of leeds, interviews a govan shipyard worker faced with the constant threat of redundancy and travels through the idyllic landscapes of devon and cornwall interviewing independent dairy farmers who claim they're being ruined by competing supermarket chains.
cee-lo released two solo albums, one in 2002, and one in 2004. danger mouse has produced for a number of hip-hop artists, and he produced gorillaz' grammy-winning album demon days.	cee-lo released two solo albums, one in 2002, and one in 2004. danger mouse has produced for a number of hip-hop artists, and he produced gorillaz' album demon days.
"the nintendo ds (which is short for dual screen, although nintendo has also promotionally said it to be short for developer's system, due to their claim of the ""sheer joy"" of developing games for the handheld), is a dual-screen portable handheld game console developed and manufactured by nintendo."	"the nintendo ds (which is short for dual screen, although nintendo has also promotionally said it to be short for developer's system, due to the manufacturer's claim of the ""sheer joy"" of developing games for the handheld), is a dual-screen portable handheld game console developed and manufactured by nintendo."
the second lancet survey of mortality (october 2006) claims 655,000 total excess deaths up to july 2006. total deaths (civilian and non-civilian) include all excess deaths due to increased lawlessness, degraded infrastructure, poor healthcare, etc.	the second lancet survey of mortality (october 2006) , using current epidemiology and statistical techniques, calculated a number of 655,000 total excess deaths up to july 2006. total deaths (civilian and non-civilian) include all excess deaths due to increased lawlessness, degraded infrastructure, poor healthcare, etc.
the world trade center cross, also known as the ground zero cross, is a group of steel beams found amidst the debris of the world trade center following the september 11, 2001 attacks which closely resembles the proportions of a christian cross.	the world trade center cross, also known as the ground zero cross, is a group of steel beams found amidst the debris of the world trade center following the september 11, 2001 attacks which resembles the proportions of a christian cross.
"some jewish communists, like aleksander wat admitted that jews were more inclined to cooperate with the soviets norman davies claimed that among the informers and collaborators, the percentage of jews was striking, and they prepared lists of polish ""class enemies"" , while other historians have indicated that the level of jewish collaboration could well have been less than that of ethnic poles."	"some jewish communists, like aleksander wat stated that jews were more inclined to cooperate with the soviets norman davies claimed that among the informers and collaborators, the percentage of jews was striking, and they prepared lists of polish ""class enemies"" , while other historians have indicated that the level of jewish collaboration could well have been less than that of ethnic poles."
efforts were made in the mid-1990s to preserve the bridge in the face of plans by the new york city department of transportation to destroy it.	efforts were made in the mid-1990s to preserve the bridge in the face of plans by the new york city department of transportation to demolish it.
those who died in the war were judged based on their achievements before their passing .	those who died in the war were judged based on their achievements before their death .
the sega cd was released by virgin software and was noted for its amazing musical score.	the sega cd was released by virgin software and was noted for its musical score.
in fact, fantasoft was once harassed by tsr about similarities to the forgotten realms d&d module, forcing the alteration of a number of elements in realmz and its scenarios.	in fact, fantasoft was once contacted by tsr about similarities to the forgotten realms d&d module, forcing the alteration of a number of elements in realmz and its scenarios.
one of the god channel's signature tunes is a snatch from edward elgar's nimrod, and its ident sequences feature artful shots of st. paul's cathedral, in london.	one of the god channel's signature tunes is a snatch from edward elgar's nimrod, and its ident sequences feature shots of st. paul's cathedral, in london.
macedonius (d. after 360) was a greek bishop of constantinople from 342 up to 346, and from 351 until 360. he inspired the establishment of the macedonians, a sect later suppressed as heretical.	macedonius (d. after 360) was a greek bishop of constantinople from 342 up to 346, and from 351 until 360. he inspired the establishment of the macedonians, a sect later declared as heretical.
"the southern poverty law center (splc) has criticized the institute as ""neo-confederate."""	"the southern poverty law center (splc) has categorized the institute as ""neo-confederate."""
famous examples would be the simpsons, the sinclairs, the griffins, the berenstain bears, the foxes, the jetsons, and the incredibles''.	famous examples would be the simpsons, the sinclairs, the griffins, the berenstein bears, the foxes, the jetsons, and the incredibles''.
kerem atzmona , an unauthorized israeli outpost in the gush katif bloc	kerem atzmona , an israeli outpost in the gush katif bloc
rise against is a respected punk/hardcore band from chicago, illinois, usa.	rise against is a punk/hardcore band from chicago, illinois, usa.
subjected to country and western music for 24 hrs the terrorists surrender and are repatriated to argentina.	subjected to country and western music for 24 hrs the hijackers surrender and are repatriated to argentina.
operation ladbroke, 1st airlanding brigade's disastrous operation during the invasion of sicily.	operation ladbroke, 1st airlanding brigade's operation during the invasion of sicily.
it marks two important events: the day noah left the ark and the day that moses was saved from the egyptians by god.	in judaism, ashura marks two important events: the day noah left the ark and the day that moses was saved from the egyptians by god.
"hamsher removed the image after receiving a request from the lamont campaign, and later made a post on her blog apologizing ""to anyone who was genuinely offended by the choice of images,"" but attacked lieberman for using the graphic to score political points."	"hamsher removed the image after receiving a request from the lamont campaign, and later made a post on her blog apologizing ""to anyone who was genuinely offended by the choice of images,"" but criticized lieberman for using the graphic to score political points."
the following day, the white house circulated a video which cnn said was doctored.	the following day, the white house circulated a video which cnn claimed was doctored.
he has directed videos for stone temple pilots, filter, 311, faith no more, green day, depeche mode, the smashing pumpkins, papa roach, nirvana, rise against, the offspring, and many other bands.	he has directed videos for stone temple pilots, filter, 311, faith no more, green day, depeche mode, the smashing pumpkins, papa roach, nirvana, rise against, the offspring, and several other bands.
gale lived in berkeley, california, and paris, france with his partner sandra gilbert, renowned feminist literary scholar and poet.	gale lived in berkeley, california, and paris, france with his partner sandra gilbert, feminist literary scholar and poet.
the library was set up to run on the principles of the antisystemic library on june 18, 2003. a split in the user group over claims of institutional racism and the inclusion of fascist groups to peoples' global action of which larc is one of the info-points, led to the expulsion of the no platform group west essex zapatista at the december 2004 agm of the company.	the library was set up to run on the principles of the antisystemic library on june 18, 2003. a split in the user group over claims of institutional racism and the theoretical relation of fascist groups to peoples' global action of which larc is one of the info-points, led to the expulsion of the no platform group west essex zapatista at the december 2004 agm of the company.
the new york wise guys who spotted a leathered- up vito spatafore dancing in a gay bar have spread the news.	the new york wise guys who spotted a leathered- wearing vito spatafore dancing in a gay bar have spread the news.
the age job died at ( holy bible, job 42:16).	the age job died at (bible, job 42:16).
the roland ax-7 is a professional keytar that was manufactured by roland corporation from 2001 to 2007. this modern instrument contains many more advanced features than early keytars such as its predecessor, the roland ax-1, and the the yamaha shs-10.	the roland ax-7 is a keytar that was manufactured by roland corporation from 2001 to 2007. this modern instrument contains many more advanced features than early keytars such as its predecessor, the roland ax-1, and the the yamaha shs-10.
unlike the match four years ago , japan fell behind in the second half, but scored a late equalizer and won 3-2 on a golden goal in extra time, earning the nation its first trip to the world cup.	unlike the match four years before , japan fell behind in the second half, but scored a late equalizer and won 3-2 on a golden goal in extra time, earning the nation its first trip to the world cup.
the film drew widespread criticism for its dehumanizing portrayal of arab characters.	the film drew widespread criticism for its portrayal of arab characters.
) involved six forged documents critical of president george w. bush's service in the air national guard in 197273. four of these documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, less than two months before the 2004 presidential election, but it was later found that cbs had failed to authenticate the documents.	) involved six documents critical of president george w. bush's service in the air national guard in 197273. four of these documents were presented as authentic in a 60 minutes wednesday broadcast aired by cbs on september 8, 2004, less than two months before the 2004 presidential election, but it was later found that cbs had failed to authenticate the documents.
explore the heart of japan ( popular english tourism guide for the area)	explore the heart of japan (english tourism guide for the area)
in 1934, she was tragically killed in an automobile accident near shreveport, louisiana (benjamin et al., 59).	in 1934, she was killed in an automobile accident near shreveport, louisiana (benjamin et al., 59).
"the first solo exhibition of howard's paintings was at toronto's famous picture loan society in 1957. pearl mccarthy, then art critic for the globe and mail, wrote that howard was ""far ahead of most landscapists in depth"" and described her work as ""first class ... the answer to a permanent sensuous desire""."	"the first solo exhibition of howard's paintings was at toronto's picture loan society in 1957. pearl mccarthy, then art critic for the globe and mail, wrote that howard was ""far ahead of most landscapists in depth"" and described her work as ""first class ... the answer to a permanent sensuous desire""."
products using the internet printing protocol include, among others, cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and gnu/ linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2.0 and ipp/2.1, novell iprint, and microsoft windows, starting with ms windows 2000.	products using the internet printing protocol include, among others, cups which is part of apple mac os x and many bsd and linux distributions and is the reference implementation for ipp/2.0 and ipp/2.1, novell iprint, and microsoft windows, starting with ms windows 2000.
mrs pam doodes, a leading conservative politician and local campaigner, who represents ninfield and hooe with wartling.	mrs pam doodes, a conservative politician and local campaigner, who represents ninfield and hooe with wartling.
historians chiefly requiring extra-biblical evidence, also called biblical minimalists, state that moses never actually existed as a historical figure, and that the exodus is mythical .	historians chiefly requiring extra-biblical evidence, also called biblical minimalists, state that moses never actually existed as a historical figure, and that the exodus is unsupported by evidence .
since may 26th they are the reigning champions when the team surprisingly defeated in the finals one of the more traditional teams in the country, the club sport herediano.	since may 26th they are the reigning champions when the team defeated in the finals one of the more traditional teams in the country, the club sport herediano.
ted elliott and terry rossio (shrek, the mask of zorro), among others, wrote a script noted for its cheesily witty lines and challenge-response jokes.	ted elliott and terry rossio (shrek, the mask of zorro), among others, wrote a script noted for its witty lines and challenge-response jokes.
this file is now used primarily for troubleshooting dns errors or mapping local addresses to more organic names (the hosts file can also be misused for ad blocking, or it can be used by spyware to hijack a computer).	this file is now used primarily for troubleshooting dns errors or mapping local addresses to more organic names (the hosts file can also be used for ad blocking, or it can be used by spyware to hijack a computer).
it is a derivative of buick's 215 cubic inch aluminium v8 family, which interestingly also went on to become the rover v8, another engine with a very long life (19602006)	it is a derivative of buick's 215 cubic inch aluminium v8 family, which also went on to become the rover v8, another engine with a very long life (19602006)
"the epitaph on bono's headstone appropriately reads: ""and the beat goes on""."	"the epitaph on bono's headstone reads: ""and the beat goes on""."
the groundbreaking rap musical won 11 tony awards.	the rap musical won 11 tony awards.
she first showed up on american screens in a series of filthy features for private.	she first showed up on american screens in a series of features for private.
hitler was not even in attendance; england won the match 6-3.	hitler was not in attendance; england won the match 6-3.
the defeat there caused japan not to join forces with the germany against the soviet union, even though japan and germany were part of the tripartite pact.	the defeat there caused japan not to join forces with germany against the soviet union, even though japan and germany were part of the tripartite pact.
he has become an ambassador for this controversial conservation project.	he has become an ambassador for this conservation project.
in 1981 it was discovered that clifford martin met the halachah definition of a jew, since his mother came from a jewish family from cairo.	in 1981 it was claimed that clifford martin met the halachah definition of a jew, since his mother came from a jewish family from cairo.
as an understudy to fred rogers, he came to canada in 1963 to work for the canadian broadcasting corporation on an early version of mister rogers' neighborhood.	as an understudy to fred rogers, he traveled to canada in 1963 to work for the canadian broadcasting corporation on an early version of mister rogers' neighborhood.
the burmese independence army was trained by the japanese and spearheaded the initial attacks against the occupying british forces..	the burmese independence army was trained by the japanese and spearheaded the initial attacks against the british forces..
"the progressive advocacy organization people for the american way excoriated rutz's claims in their online ""rightwing watch"" feature, commenting ""sometimes you just have to marvel at the things published by worldnetdaily."""	"the liberal advocacy organization people for the american way excoriated rutz's claims in their online ""rightwing watch"" feature, commenting ""sometimes you just have to marvel at the things published by worldnetdaily."""
"since taking office, she has not worked to eliminate the previous divisions among the colleges of uc (such as by creating a single university commencement) and has continuously championed uc|21, an academic plan which has redefined uc as a ""new urban research university"" for the 21st century."	"since taking office, she has worked to eliminate the previous divisions among the colleges of uc (such as by creating a single university commencement) and has continuously championed uc|21, an academic plan which has redefined uc as a ""new urban research university"" for the 21st century."
beaconsfield is a market town and civil parish within the south bucks district in buckinghamshire centred wnw of london and sse of the county's administrative town, aylesbury.	beaconsfield is an affluent market town and civil parish within the south bucks district in buckinghamshire centred wnw of london and sse of the county's administrative town, aylesbury.
questions and conspiracy theories about barack obama's citizenship, and other challenges to his eligibility to become president of the united states, have circulated before and after his victory in the us presidential election of 2008. a number of fringe activists, pundits and political opponents alleged that he was not a natural born citizen and so was not eligible to become president of the united states under article two of the u.s. constitution.	questions and conspiracy theories about barack obama's citizenship, and other challenges to his eligibility to become president of the united states, have circulated before and after his victory in the us presidential election of 2008. a number of activists, pundits and political opponents alleged that he was not a natural born citizen and so was not eligible to become president of the united states under article two of the u.s. constitution.
since 2005, whitgift has offered international baccalaureate to the sixth form as an optional alternative to a-levels; joining a growing list of exclusive schools to offer the assessment.	since 2005, whitgift has offered international baccalaureate to the sixth form as an optional alternative to a-levels; joining a growing list of schools to offer the assessment.
redirect penalty ( american football)#neutral zone infraction	redirect penalty ( gridiron football)#neutral zone infraction
the opportunity cost doctrine was first explicitly formulated by the austrian economist friedrich von wieser in the late 19th century.	the opportunity cost theory was first explicitly formulated by the austrian economist friedrich von wieser in the late 19th century.
in some cases, too- abrupt changing of the language of instruction in institutions of secondary and higher education, led to the charges of ukrainianization, raised mostly by the russian-speaking population.	in some cases, the abrupt changing of the language of instruction in institutions of secondary and higher education, led to the charges of ukrainianization, raised mostly by the russian-speaking population.
in february 2007, johnsons charges that environmental activist and former u.s. vice president al gore consumed more electricity in his home every month than the average american household uses in an entire year received widespread media attention.	in february 2007, johnsons investigation showing that environmental activist and former u.s. vice president al gore consumed more electricity in his home every month than the average american household uses in an entire year received widespread media attention.
he was also hand-picked by the democratic leadership and named an assistant whip.	he was also chosen by the democratic leadership and named an assistant whip.
the korean war, from june 25 1950 to july 27 1953, was a conflict between communist north korea and autocratic south korea.	the korean war, from june 25 1950 to july 27 1953, was a conflict between communist north korea and non-communist south korea.
mario has even appeared as a playable character in nba street v3, and ssx on tour, both from electronic arts.	mario has also appeared as a playable character in nba street v3, and ssx on tour, both from electronic arts.
climate hustle is a 2016 film rejecting the existence and cause of climate change, narrated by climate change sketic marc morano, produced and directed by christopher rogers, co-written by morano and mick curran, and funded by the committee for a constructive tomorrow (cfact), a free market pressure group funded by the fossil fuel lobby.	climate hustle is a 2016 film rejecting the existence and cause of climate change, narrated by climate change skeptic marc morano, produced and directed by christopher rogers, co-written by morano and mick curran, and funded by the committee for a constructive tomorrow (cfact), a free market pressure group funded by the fossil fuel lobby.
as a result of several battles, more than 30,000 persian soldiers were killed by the afghans, along with their important leaders khusraw khan and rustam khan.	as a result of several battles, more than 30,000 persian soldiers were killed by the afghans, along with their leaders khusraw khan and rustam khan.
one of his most notable achievements was to initiate the process of breaking down the racist white australia policy by ending the distinction between asian and european migrants and by permitting skilled asians to settle with their families.	one of his most notable achievements was to initiate the process of breaking down the preferential white australia policy by ending the distinction between asian and european migrants and by permitting skilled asians to settle with their families.
sadly the other two crew were lost.	the other two crew were lost.
all government and many private enterprise buildings carry oversized portraits of authoritarian president ben ali.	all government and many private enterprise buildings carry oversized portraits of president ben ali.
chris mainwaring has left a loving wife rani and their two children zach, 6 and maddy, 8.	chris mainwaring has left a wife rani and their two children zach, 6 and maddy, 8.
surgical strikes in pakistan- occupied kashmir	surgical strikes in pakistan- administered kashmir
photograph of adoptee lesley lathrop and birth mother at their reunion	photograph of adoptee lesley lathrop and mother at their reunion
in 1999, kubby and his wife michele were arrested and faced trial for growing his own cannabis in his home, even though he was entitled to do so legally on behalf of himself and his wife, also a licensed cannabis patient.	in 1999, kubby and his wife michele were arrested and faced trial for growing his own cannabis in his home, though he was entitled to do so legally on behalf of himself and his wife, also a licensed cannabis patient.
"this lovely town is in the heart of the odenwald ""oden's forrest""."	"this town is in the heart of the odenwald ""oden's forrest""."
bay city rollers - was a enormously popular british pop band of the 70's and early 80's.	bay city rollers - was a popular british pop band of the 70's and early 80's.
"the first known female superhero is writer-artist fletcher hanks's minor character fantomah, an ageless, ancient egyptian woman in the modern day who could transform into a skull-faced creature with superpowers to fight evil; she debuted in fiction house's jungle comics #2 (feb. 1940), credited to the pseudonymous ""barclay flagg""."	"the first known female superhero is writer-artist fletcher hanks's character fantomah, an ageless, ancient egyptian woman in the modern day who could transform into a skull-faced creature with superpowers to fight evil; she debuted in fiction house's jungle comics #2 (feb. 1940), credited to the pseudonymous ""barclay flagg""."
she wrote, produced, and directed the brigade's infamously-atrocious amateur-movie the adventures of mikuru asahina for the school festival.	she wrote, produced, and directed the brigade's amateur-movie the adventures of mikuru asahina for the school festival.
one of the original commanders, general jafar shafaghat, during the last months prior to the fall of the monarchy in 1979 was appointed by the shah as the minister of defense (the literal translation of this post from persian is minister of war) under shapour bakhtiar cabinet until the fall of the regime .	one of the original commanders, general jafar shafaghat, during the last months prior to the fall of the monarchy in 1979 was appointed by the shah as the minister of defense (the literal translation of this post from persian is minister of war) under shapour bakhtiar cabinet until the fall of the government .
in 1952, the british government subjected alan turing to these techniques after he was arrested for homosexual conduct .	in 1952, the british government subjected alan turing to these techniques after he was arrested for homosexual activity .
the jewish community responded to these objections by assuring the public that the method was in fact humane.	the jewish community responded to these objections by telling the public that the method was in fact humane.
expelled: no intelligence allowed is a 2008 pseudoscientific documentary film, directed by nathan frankowski and hosted by ben stein.	expelled: no intelligence allowed is a 2008 documentary film, directed by nathan frankowski and hosted by ben stein.
"since sammy was no longer permitted to travel on the road anymore, levon offered sammy and fred the opening act slot every saturday at the "" midnight ramble "" but sadly sammy suffered a second stroke within a year and has since been left partially paralyzed and currently residing in a nursing home/rehab unit in middletown,ny ."	"since sammy was no longer permitted to travel on the road anymore, levon offered sammy and fred the opening act slot every saturday at the "" midnight ramble "" but sammy suffered a second stroke within a year and has since been left partially paralyzed and currently residing in a nursing home/rehab unit in middletown,ny ."
jan jansz de bakker van woerden (latin name: johannes pistorius woerdensis; 1499 15 september 1525) was a heretical roman catholic priest who was the first preacher in the northern netherlands to be put to death as a direct result of his protestant beliefs.	jan jansz de bakker van woerden (latin name: johannes pistorius woerdensis; 1499 15 september 1525) was a heterodox roman catholic priest who was the first preacher in the northern netherlands to be put to death as a direct result of his protestant beliefs.
president rafael correa went to the police headquarters in quito and, after being ill-received, made a provocative speech in which he accused the police of treason towards the people and the country, and even asked them to kill him if they wanted to.	president rafael correa went to the police headquarters in quito and, after being ill-received, made a hard speech in which he accused the police of treason towards the people and the country, and even asked them to kill him if they wanted to.
religious freedom: 1919- 2015	religious freedom: 1919- present
the institute came into news when it was ransacked in january 2004 by an irate mob, made up of members of a notorious youth movement squad, the sambhaji brigade, named after shivaji's elder son, aparantly angered by the apparent help provided by the institute's staff (in translating manuscripts) to a western writer dr. james laine who had apparently included objectionable and slanderous anecdotes about shivaji's parentage and life in his book.	the institute came into news when it was ransacked in january 2004 by an irate mob, made up of members of a marathi nationalist youth movement squad, the sambhaji brigade, named after shivaji's elder son, aparantly angered by the apparent help provided by the institute's staff (in translating manuscripts) to a western writer dr. james laine who had apparently included objectionable and slanderous anecdotes about shivaji's parentage and life in his book.
"on july 28, 2011, the toronto star published a defamatory column by mallick entitled ""what to do when a monster likes your work""."	"on july 28, 2011, the toronto star published a column by mallick entitled ""what to do when a monster likes your work""."
china (; wade-giles (mandarin): chung1kuo) is a cultural region, ancient civilization, and nation in east asia.	china (; wade-giles (mandarin): chung1kuo) is a cultural region, ancient civilization, and one or more nations in east asia.
am is an award-winning american songwriter, musician, and poet born in tulsa, oklahoma, raised in new orleans, and currently residing in los angeles echo park neighborhood in california.	am is an american songwriter, musician, and poet born in tulsa, oklahoma, raised in new orleans, and currently residing in los angeles echo park neighborhood in california.
however, it has been speculated that nova may have a role in starcraft ii as her familiar armour discretely appears in concept art depicting arcturus mengsk.	however, it has been speculated that nova may have a role in starcraft ii as her armour discretely appears in concept art depicting arcturus mengsk.
since 2011, paul has served in the united states senate as a member of the republican party representing kentucky.	since 2011, paul has been in the united states senate as a member of the republican party representing kentucky.
london is also home to the museum of archaeology, owned by the university of western ontario (uwo), with a reconstructed iroquois village, the mcintosh gallery which is an art gallery on the uwo campus and the grand theatre which is a professional theatre with a secondary stage named the mcmanus studio.	london is also home to the museum of archaeology, owned by the university of western ontario (uwo), with a reconstructed neutral nation village, the mcintosh gallery which is an art gallery on the uwo campus and the grand theatre which is a professional theatre with a secondary stage named the mcmanus studio.
in the mayoral race, incumbent mayor david miller was easily re-elected with 57% of the popular vote.	in the mayoral race, incumbent mayor david miller was re-elected with 57% of the popular vote.
istanbul is a extremely large city in northern turkey.	istanbul is a large city in northern turkey.
- became the title of emery's own british lion film release in 1972. the plot of this weak comedy centred on emery hunting down a bank account number.	- became the title of emery's own british lion film release in 1972. the plot of this comedy centred on emery hunting down a bank account number.
an early german-speaking adversary of so-called critical rationalism, karl-otto apel elaborated a comprehensive refutation popper's philosophy.	an early german-speaking adversary of so-called critical rationalism, karl-otto apel attempted a comprehensive refutation popper's philosophy.
during the spring semester of their fourth year, they are all sent to brakebills south in antarctica, where quentin and alice finally begin a relationship.	during the spring semester of their fourth year, they are all sent to brakebills south in antarctica, where quentin and alice begin a relationship.
austrian radio 1 (1) is europes most successful cultural radio network.	austrian radio 1 (1) is its most successful cultural radio network.
most chemicals that cause severe chemical burns are strong acids or bases.	most chemicals that cause chemical burns are strong acids or bases.
vladimir grigoryevich shukhov , ( - february 2 1939) was a great russian engineer-polymath, scientist and architect renowned for his pioneering works on new methods of analysis for structural engineering that led to breakthroughs in industrial design of world's firsts hyperboloid structures, shell structures, tensile structures, oil reservoirs, pipelines, boilers, ships and barges.	vladimir grigoryevich shukhov , ( - february 2 1939) was a russian engineer-polymath, scientist and architect renowned for his pioneering works on new methods of analysis for structural engineering that led to breakthroughs in industrial design of world's firsts hyperboloid structures, shell structures, tensile structures, oil reservoirs, pipelines, boilers, ships and barges.
first, since no plane hit the building it would be the only skyscraper in history to collapse solely from fires.	first, since no plane hit the building it would be the only skyscraper in history to collapse from fires.
bensons for beds is now part of aggressive south african group steinhoff international, which also owns united kingdom furniture brands harveys and cargo.	bensons for beds is now part of south african group steinhoff international, which also owns united kingdom furniture brands harveys and cargo.
he is an accounting major from little-known stonehill college, a private catholic school in easton, massachusetts.	he is an accounting major from stonehill college, a private catholic school in easton, massachusetts.
sir michael cathel fallon, (born 14 may 1952) is a disgraced british conservative politician and member of parliament for sevenoaks.	sir michael cathel fallon, (born 14 may 1952) is a british conservative politician and member of parliament for sevenoaks.
the kent state shootings occurred at kent state university in the city of kent, ohio, and involved the shooting of students by members of the ohio national guard on monday, may 4, 1970. at the time john filo was in the university student photography lab when the shots rang out.	the kent state shootings occurred at kent state university in the city of kent, ohio, and involved the murder of students by members of the ohio national guard on monday, may 4, 1970. at the time john filo was in the university student photography lab when the shots rang out.
cbgb, also cbgb's or cb's is a legendary club in the manhattan bowery district of new york city, new york.	cbgb, also cbgb's or cb's is a club in the manhattan bowery district of new york city, new york.
on australia day, they were taken to a beach at farm cove, where they were told to run up the beach, to convey the impression that they were fleeing in fear from the glorious british.	on australia day, they were taken to a beach at farm cove, where they were told to run up the beach, to convey the impression that they were fleeing in fear from the british.
tom and jerry is a series of great animated theatrical shorts created by william hanna and joseph barbera for metro-goldwyn-mayer that centered on a never-ending rivalry between a housecat (tom) and a mouse (jerry) whose chases and battles often involved comic violence.	tom and jerry is a series of animated theatrical shorts created by william hanna and joseph barbera for metro-goldwyn-mayer that centered on a never-ending rivalry between a housecat (tom) and a mouse (jerry) whose chases and battles often involved comic violence.
warriewood square (previously known as centro warriewood) is a medium-sized shopping centre in warriewood on sydney's northern beaches.	warriewood square (previously known as centro warriewood) is a shopping centre in warriewood on sydney's northern beaches.
moriarity left behind his beloved wife kim moriarity.	moriarity left behind his wife kim moriarity.
he recorded a mexican music album with marco antonio sols and had similar success.	she then recorded a mexican music album with marco antonio sols and had similar success.
a quick fact check by journalists showed that the claim was not true.	a fact check by journalists showed that the claim was not true.
vedam opened to utmost positive reviews.	vedam opened to positive reviews.
murray was defeated in the first round of the beijing olympics by china's gu yu with a controversial score of 17-7.	murray was defeated in the first round of the beijing olympics by china's gu yu with a score of 17-7.
in the film robbins does not clearly identify either candidate's partisan alliance (although we do see senator paiste identified on tv as a democrat, so we are left to assume that roberts is almost definitely a republican, due to that party's more right-wing values ), and presents neither roberts nor paiste as particularly appealing, both having significant shortcomings in terms of being popular candidates for office.	in the film robbins does not clearly identify either candidate's partisan alliance (although we do see senator paiste identified on tv as a democrat, so we are left to assume that roberts is almost definitely a republican, due to that party's more right-wing political stance ), and presents neither roberts nor paiste as particularly appealing, both having significant shortcomings in terms of being popular candidates for office.
a footnote in the watergate saga	a part in the watergate saga
following the doors' explosive rise to fame in 1967, morrison developed a severe alcohol and drug dependency that culminated in his untimely death at the age of 27 in paris.	following the doors' explosive rise to fame in 1967, morrison developed a severe alcohol and drug dependency that culminated in his death at the age of 27 in paris.
in mormonism, depending on the era and the denomination within the latter day saint movement, the concept of the christian godhead has included a diverse range of views including forms of modalism, binitarianism, tritheism, henotheism, and trinitarianism.	contemporary scholars claim that within mormonism, depending on the era and the denomination within the latter day saint movement, the concept of the christian godhead has included a diverse range of views including forms of modalism, binitarianism, tritheism, henotheism, and trinitarianism.
"the phrase ""technological unemployment"" was popularised by lord keynes in the 1930s."	"the phrase ""technological unemployment"" was popularised by john maynard keynes in the 1930s."
weinstein found that both his sons were exposed to christian proselytizing at the academy.	weinstein says that both his sons were exposed to christian proselytizing at the academy.
the other 14% of fibers were short, thin and sparse nearly useless, and thus clearly of vestigial origin.	the other 14% of fibers were short, thin and sparse nearly useless, and thus concluded to be of vestigial origin.
the divine heritage of the yadavas (in some sources, yadavs) is a book by vithal krishnaji khedkar which claims a divine heritage from krishna for those hindu communities (jatis) occupied with herding cattle and selling milk.	the divine heritage of the yadavas (in some sources, yadavs) is a book by vithal krishnaji khedkar which describes a divine heritage from krishna for those hindu communities (jatis) occupied with herding cattle and selling milk.
le soleil rose from the ashes of l'lecteur, the official mouthpiece of the liberal party of canada, which shut down in december of 1896. the first edition was published on december 28 1896. one day after the disappearance of its predecessor, which shut down because the catholic clergy had forbidden it to parishioners when the newspaper criticized the church's electoral interference.	le soleil rose from the ashes of l'lecteur, the official newspaper of the liberal party of canada, which shut down in december of 1896. the first edition was published on december 28 1896. one day after the disappearance of its predecessor, which shut down because the catholic clergy had forbidden it to parishioners when the newspaper criticized the church's electoral interference.
on 28 october , while yorktown, battleship , and other american warships were screening a convoy, a destroyer picked up a submarine contact and dropped depth charges while the convoy itself made an emergency starboard turn, the first of the convoy's three emergency changes of course.	on 28 octobrggrgrgrgrer , while yorktown, battleship , and other american warships were screening a convoy, a destroyer picked up a submarine contact and dropped depth charges while the convoy itself made an emergency starboard turn, the first of the convoy's three emergency changes of course.
sio2 is a very good insulator, but at very small thickness levels electrons can tunnel across the very thin insulation; the probability drops off exponentially with oxide thickness.	sio2 is a good insulator, but at very small thickness levels electrons can tunnel across the very thin insulation; the probability drops off exponentially with oxide thickness.
previously a new deal democrat, reagan switched parties and became a republican in 1962. previously, during his work for general electric theatre, he began to articulate the political themes that would carry him into the california governorship, which he won in 1966. he later made two presidential bids: the first, unsuccessful, in 1976, and the second, which he won, in 1980.	once a new deal democrat, reagan switched parties and became a republican in 1962. previously, during his work for general electric theatre, he began to articulate the political themes that would carry him into the california governorship, which he won in 1966. he later made two presidential bids: the first, unsuccessful, in 1976, and the second, which he won, in 1980.
he was one of the hereditary peers forced to leave the upper house by the reforms introduced by tony blair's labour party government.	he was one of the hereditary peers forced to leave the upper house by the house of lords act 1999 introduced by tony blair's labour party government.
the couple married at a private yet lavish ceremony in gurgaon followed by extravagant lunch and royal reception on 7 july 2015.	the couple married at a private yet lavish ceremony in gurgaon followed by extravagant lunch and reception on 7 july 2015.
a typical offworld milky way stargate, with accompanying dhd	a typical milky way stargate, with accompanying dhd
nhl 2002 is a video game released by ea sports in 2001. it is the predecessor to nhl 2003. the game's cover man is pittsburgh penguins superstar and owner mario lemieux, who had just made a stunning comeback after being retired for three and a half years.	nhl 2002 is a video game released by ea sports in 2001. it is the predecessor to nhl 2003. the game's cover man is pittsburgh penguins superstar and owner mario lemieux, who had just made a comeback after being retired for three and a half years.
roseanne barr - comedienne and actress, moved to denver after high school, worked as a waitress, got her start doing stand-up at comedy clubs in denver	roseanne barr - comedian and actress, moved to denver after high school, worked as a waitress, got her start doing stand-up at comedy clubs in denver
"reviewing the book for the january 16, 1986 issue of the new york review of books, yehoshua porath, a leftist israeli scholar in the field of palestinian history wrote that peters made ""highly tendentious use — or neglect — of the available source material""."	"reviewing the book for the january 16, 1986 issue of the new york review of books, yehoshua porath, a prominent israeli scholar in the field of palestinian history wrote that peters made ""highly tendentious use — or neglect — of the available source material""."
the wreck of the steamer 'london' while on her way to australia is a poem by scottish poet william mcgonagall, one of his many interesting poems based on disasters of the time.	the wreck of the steamer 'london' while on her way to australia is a poem by scottish poet william mcgonagall, one of his many inappropriate poems based on disasters of the time.
the team is supported by storied dutch eredivisie side fc twente, and is co-owned by erik tammer of tammer sportmanagement and mike mossel of business and sports performance.	the team is supported by dutch eredivisie side fc twente, and is co-owned by erik tammer of tammer sportmanagement and mike mossel of business and sports performance.
brokeback mountain is a 2005 american gay-themed romantic-drama film that depicts the complex romantic and sexual relationship between two men in the american west from 1963 to 1981.	brokeback mountain is a 2005 american romantic-drama film that depicts the complex romantic and sexual relationship between two men in the american west from 1963 to 1981.
anti civil-rights terrorists formed the ku klux klan.	anti civil-rights activist s formed the ku klux klan.
she lives in seattle, washington, and is happily married.	she lives in seattle, washington, and is married.
wasfia nazreen is a mountaineer and prominent female activist from bangladesh, a social worker, and a writer.	wasfia nazreen is a mountaineer and female activist from bangladesh, a social worker, and a writer.
many great western classical musicians and ensembles find their home in the u.s. new york city is a hub for international operatic and instrumental music as well as the world-famed broadway plays and musicals.	many famous western classical musicians and ensembles find their home in the u.s. new york city is a hub for international operatic and instrumental music as well as the world-famed broadway plays and musicals.
edgbaston gained test status in 1902. the ground has witnessed some historic cricketing moments, including brian lara's 501 against durham in 1994, australia's thrilling tie with south africa in the 1999 cricket world cup semi final, and one of the closest ever test matches, australia's two-run defeat to england in the 2005 ashes.	edgbaston gained test status in 1902. the ground has witnessed some historic cricketing moments, including brian lara's 501 against durham in 1994, australia's tie with south africa in the 1999 cricket world cup semi final, and one of the closest ever test matches, australia's two-run defeat to england in the 2005 ashes.
in 1998, life magazine published a photograph of her sitting on one of the fragile , 115-year-old thrones at iolani palace, causing controversy among the hawaiian and historical communities.	in 1998, life magazine published a photograph of her sitting on one of the, 115-year-old thrones at iolani palace, causing controversy among the hawaiian and historical communities.
stella crawford is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sophie thompson.	stella crawford is a fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by sophie thompson.
the total number of books in the holy bible in the catholic version if the book of lamentations is considered part of the book of jeremiah.	the total number of books in the bible in the catholic version if the book of lamentations is considered part of the book of jeremiah.
a careful analysis of the 34 nominally british, or british-trained signatories of the dissent list by the pro-evolution group british centre for science education found similar problems with the list.	a detailed analysis of the 34 nominally british, or british-trained signatories of the dissent list by the pro-evolution group british centre for science education found similar problems with the list.
ukrainian forces shot down a hostile drone over butkivka, luhansk oblast.	ukrainian forces shot down a rebel drone over butkivka, luhansk oblast.
"it was christened ""the whisper"" and is to this day unique to the montagu familys rolls royces."	"it was named ""the whisper"" and is to this day unique to the montagu familys rolls royces."
james joyce, well known for his distinctive style, made up nine 100 and one 101 letter long words in his innovative novel finnegans wake, the most famous of which is bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronn- tuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk.	james joyce, well known for his distinctive style, made up nine 100 and one 101 letter long words in his novel finnegans wake, the most famous of which is bababadalgharaghtakamminarronnkonnbronntonnerronn- tuonnthunntrovarrhounawnskawntoohoohoordenenthurnuk.
the term finds widespread usage among members of the educational establishment who see students as tools of social change.	the term finds widespread usage among members of the educational establishment who see students as agents of social change.
classy centre -half rob edwards was the one key first-teamer, but the transfer window closed with city boasting just three strikers and no winger, much to the alarm of many grecians.	centre -half rob edwards was the one key first-teamer, but the transfer window closed with city boasting just three strikers and no winger, much to the alarm of many grecians.
but their moment together is rudely interrupted by the techno villain trimega, who has come for amanda.	but their moment together is interrupted by the techno villain trimega, who has come for amanda.
on may 24, 2012, the paper announced that its print edition would be published only three days a week, beginning in fall 2012.	on may 24, 2012, the paper announced that its print edition would be published only three days a week, beginning in the second half of 2012.
ambush at drumnakilly is an irish rebel song about an event in county tyrone, northern ireland which occurred on august 30, 1988: three terrorists of the provisional ira (pira) were ambushed and executed by the special air service (sas).	ambush at drumnakilly is an irish rebel song about an event in county tyrone, northern ireland which occurred on august 30, 1988: three volunteers of the provisional ira (pira) were ambushed and executed by the special air service (sas).
following an article in new scientist describing the 20-year e. coli experiment, which showed strong evidence for the process of evolution, conservapedia founder andrew schafly (a prominent supporter of creationism) wrote to professor lenski, requested access to data he says lenski has withheld and attacking various claims he attributes to the paper.	following an article in new scientist describing the 20-year e. coli experiment, which showed strong evidence for the process of evolution, conservapedia founder andrew schafly (a prominent supporter of creationism) wrote to professor lenski, requested access to data he says lenski has withheld and expressing skepticism regarding various claims he attributes to the paper.
"when the pawnee scouts managed to lead his command to tall bull's village, colonel carr, a tough campaigner known as ""the black-bearded cossack"", deployed his forces - 244 men of the 5th united states regiment of cavalry and 50 members of the pawnee scout battalion, carefully so that they hit the unsuspecting camp from three sides at once."	"when the pawnee scouts managed to lead his command to tall bull's village, colonel carr, a veteran campaigner known as ""the black-bearded cossack"", deployed his forces - 244 men of the 5th united states regiment of cavalry and 50 members of the pawnee scout battalion, carefully so that they hit the unsuspecting camp from three sides at once."
since then, she has acted in several low-key independent films, including the 2011 corporate drama margin call, in which she had a small role.	since then, she has acted in several independent films, including the 2011 corporate drama margin call, in which she had a small role.
"in the united states, the term ""au jus"" often is incorrectly used to refer to the broth, rather than meaning ""with the broth"" as in french."	"in the united states, the term ""au jus"" often is used to refer to the broth, rather than meaning ""with the broth"" as in french."
professor edward said's deconstruction of huntington's 'clash of civilisations' myth .	professor edward said's deconstruction of huntington's 'clash of civilisations' theory .
rank-and-yank ideologues credit welch's rank-and-yank system with a 28-fold increase in earnings (and a 5-fold increase in revenue) at ge between 1981 and 2001.	rank-and-yank advocates credit welch's rank-and-yank system with a 28-fold increase in earnings (and a 5-fold increase in revenue) at ge between 1981 and 2001.
since then he has appeared in a wide range of movies and is best known for his work as llewelyn moss in no country for old men, george w. bush in w. and dan white in milk, the last of which earned him academy award and sag award nominations for best supporting actor.	since then he has appeared in a wide range of movies and is known for his work as llewelyn moss in no country for old men, george w. bush in w. and dan white in milk, the last of which earned him academy award and sag award nominations for best supporting actor.
he is the author of the art of computer programming, one of the first and finest textbooks of the computer science field, and the creator of the tex and metafont typesetting systems.	he is the author of the art of computer programming, one of the first and most highly respected textbooks of the computer science field, and the creator of the tex and metafont typesetting systems.
when equipped with a removable hard drive add-on, the xbox 360 supports a limited subset of the xbox's library through emulation.	when equipped with a removable hard drive add-on, the xbox 360 supports a subset of the xbox's library through emulation.
this deer lives in bhutan, tibet, and west into northern afghanistan and northern pakistan & occupied kashmir.	this deer lives in bhutan, tibet, and west into northern afghanistan and northern pakistan & jammu and kashmir.
in march of 624, muhammad led some 300 mercenaries in a raid on a meccan merchant caravan.	in march of 624, muhammad led some 300 warriors in a raid on a meccan merchant caravan.
he wore the number 10 jersey in santos' disappointing campaign in the copa so paulo of 2008, where his team was eliminated in the quarter-finals by sport club internacional.	he wore the number 10 jersey in santos' campaign in the copa so paulo of 2008, where his team was eliminated in the quarter-finals by sport club internacional.
the detail was launched by the actions of detective jimmy mcnulty (dominic west), whose insubordinate tendencies and personal problems overshadowed his extraordinary ability.	the detail was launched by the actions of detective jimmy mcnulty (dominic west), whose insubordinate tendencies and personal problems overshadowed his ability.
"mildred ella ""babe"" didrikson zaharias (; june 26, 1911 september 27, 1956) was an american athlete who achieved outstanding success in golf, basketball, and track and field."	"mildred ella ""babe"" didrikson zaharias (; june 26, 1911 september 27, 1956) was an american athlete who achieved most success in golf, basketball, and track and field."
mae west (also known as the mae west story) is a 1982 television film directed by lee philips that originally aired on may 2, 1982. it stars ann jillian as comedienne actress and writer mae west.	mae west (also known as the mae west story) is a 1982 television film directed by lee philips that originally aired on may 2, 1982. it stars ann jillian as comedian actress and writer mae west.
the anglo-saxon settlement of britain resulted in the partial assimilation of dumnonia into the kingdom of wessex during the eighth and ninth centuries, forcing emigration of some celts to cornwall and domnonee (in what is now brittany).	the anglo-saxon settlement of britain resulted in the partial assimilation of dumnonia into the kingdom of wessex during the eighth and ninth centuries, resulting in emigration of some celts to cornwall and domnonee (in what is now brittany).
another familiar face among the surprise guest stars is doctor who's gorgeous companion martha jones (freema agyeman) who brings her time-travelling expertise and medical skills to the team halfway through the series.	another familiar face among the surprise guest stars is doctor who's companion martha jones (freema agyeman) who brings her time-travelling expertise and medical skills to the team halfway through the series.
no other such signal was recorded until astronomer antonio paris demonstrated in 20162017 that such signals are emitted by some comets.	no other such signal was recorded until astronomer antonio paris demonstrated in 20162017 that such signals could emitted by some comets.
death mask of alexander i. alexander's death launched a sequence of irrational events that culminated in the decembrist revolt and the accession of nicholas i.|alt=white plaster death mask of alexander i on display in the historical museum in moscow.	death mask of alexander i. alexander's death launched a sequence of events that culminated in the decembrist revolt and the accession of nicholas i.|alt=white plaster death mask of alexander i on display in the historical museum in moscow.
william francis forbes-sempill, 19th lord sempill afc, afraes, (24 september 1893 30 december 1965) was a british peer and record-breaking air pioneer who was later shown to have been a traitor who passed secret information to the imperial japanese military before the second world war.	william francis forbes-sempill, 19th lord sempill afc, afraes, (24 september 1893 30 december 1965) was a british peer and record-breaking air pioneer who was later shown to have been a spy who passed secret information to the imperial japanese military before the second world war.
this contrasts with other kappas such as cohen's kappa, which only work when assessing the agreement between not more than two raters or the interrater reliability for one appraiser versus himself .	this contrasts with other kappas such as cohen's kappa, which only work when assessing the agreement between not more than two raters or the interrater reliability for one appraiser versus themself .
robin atkin downes is an english screen and voice actor, who is best known for his work live action, animation and video games.	robin atkin downes is an english screen and voice actor, who is known for his work live action, animation and video games.
he formerly served as vice president of strategy and communications at trymedia, incidentally their first us hire.	he formerly served as vice president of strategy and communications at trymedia, their first us hire.
bei shizhang (simplified chinese: , traditional chinese: , pinyin: bi shzhng; also written shi-zhang bei) (october 10, 1903 - october 29, 2009) was a renowned chinese biologist and educator.	bei shizhang (simplified chinese: , traditional chinese: , pinyin: bi shzhng; also written shi-zhang bei) (october 10, 1903 - october 29, 2009) was a chinese biologist and educator.
"the cult is built around an anti-homosexual core theology, with many of their activities stemming from the mantra ""god hates fags,"" which is also the name of the group's webpage."	"the group is built around an anti-homosexual core theology, with many of their activities stemming from the mantra ""god hates fags,"" which is also the name of the group's webpage."
arbresh, arbrisht, or arbrishte is the dialect of the albanian language spoken by the arbresh, the group of albanian-speaking minorities in italy.	arbresh, arbrisht, or arbrishte is the variety of the albanian language spoken by the arbresh, the group of albanian-speaking minorities in italy.
camp scatico is a sleep-away camp for boys and girls that is located in the picturesque hudson valley of new york state (columbia county) and has been in operation since 1921. the camp was started by nat holman of the original celtics.	camp scatico is a sleep-away camp for boys and girls that is located in the hudson valley of new york state (columbia county) and has been in operation since 1921. the camp was started by nat holman of the original celtics.
the foundation was founded in 1946 by controversial media personality walter winchell in new york city under the name damon runyon cancer memorial fund in memory of his colleague and friend damon runyon.	the foundation was founded in 1946 by media personality walter winchell in new york city under the name damon runyon cancer memorial fund in memory of his colleague and friend damon runyon.
taiwan independence (, peh-o-j: ti-on tok-lip n-tng; abbreviated to , tid, ti-tok) is a political movement whose goal is primarily to create an independent and sovereign republic of taiwan out of the lands currently administered by the republic of china (roc) and claimed by the people's republic of china (prc).	taiwan independence (, peh-o-j: ti-on tok-lip n-tng; abbreviated to , tid, ti-tok) is a political movement whose goal is primarily to create an independent and sovereign republic of taiwan out of the lands currently governed by the republic of china (roc) and claimed by the people's republic of china (prc).
an election held in june 2015 to fill a council seat attracted just 13 voters .	an election held in june 2015 to fill a council seat attracted 13 voters .
his second marriage in 1918 to naomi sachs stage name:joan arliss, with whom he remained until his passing , produced three children.	his second marriage in 1918 to naomi sachs stage name:joan arliss, with whom he remained until his death , produced three children.
first there is the predatory harasser who gets sexual thrills from humiliating women .	first there is the predatory harasser who gets sexual thrills from humiliating others .
the ethnic composition of both the town is predominantly greek .	the ethnic composition of the town is predominantly greek .
this was followed by subduing the kashmir mountains, west of the river jhelum (today, hazara in pakistan and pakistan occupied kashmir) .	this was followed by subduing the kashmir mountains, west of the river jhelum (today, hazara in pakistan and pakistan adminstered kashmir) .
the black cats eventually succumbed 72. on 3 april 2010, zenden scored his second goal for sunderland, a superb left-footed volley in a 31 win against tottenham hotspur at the stadium of light.	the black cats eventually succumbed 72. on 3 april 2010, zenden scored his second goal for sunderland, a left-footed volley in a 31 win against tottenham hotspur at the stadium of light.
some critics interpret that some verses of the quran in their historical and literary context sanction military action against unbelievers as a whole both during the lifetime of muhammad and after.	some scholars interpret that some verses of the quran in their historical and literary context sanction military action against unbelievers as a whole both during the lifetime of muhammad and after.
daraya is a rebellious suburb of damascus where rebels have attempted to create a stronghold near damascus center.	daraya is a suburb of damascus where rebels have attempted to create a stronghold near damascus center.
a very important person (vip) is a person who is accorded special privileges due to their status or importance.	a very important person (vip) is a person who is accorded special privileges due to his or her status or importance.
the iranian regime said that it won't deploy regular military personnel.	the iranian government said that it won't deploy regular military personnel.
the first section of mythologies describes a selection (54 short chapters in the original french, 28 in annette lavers' excellent translation) of modern cultural phenomena, chosen for their status as modern myths and for the added meaning that has been conferred upon them.	the first section of mythologies describes a selection (54 short chapters in the original french, 28 in annette lavers' translation) of modern cultural phenomena, chosen for their status as modern myths and for the added meaning that has been conferred upon them.
within each part is an amalgam of expert interviews, narration and animated sequences.	within each part is an amalgam of interviews, narration and animated sequences.
"that claim was ridiculed by retired military officers, one of whom called it a ""bald-faced lie""."	"that claim was criticized by retired military officers, one of whom called it a ""bald-faced lie""."
it surrounds the city of shusha, is in nagorno-karabakh, and is completely under armenian control , who have named it shushi.	it surrounds the city of shusha, is in nagorno-karabakh, and is completely under armenian occupation , who have named it shushi.
while the failure rate of rhythm is very high compared to most other methods of birth control, correct use of the rhythm method prevents a significant number of pregnancies.	while the failure rate of rhythm is high compared to most other methods of birth control, correct use of the rhythm method prevents a significant number of pregnancies.
the republic of china is a de-facto sovereign state in east asia.	the republic of china is a de-facto state in east asia.
steve stone was a very short time temporary vocalist for progressive metal virtuoso band dream theater.	steve stone was a very short time temporary vocalist for progressive metal band dream theater.
biderman and her sister spent much of their youth in the company of writers, artists and musicians when living at the famed chelsea hotel in new york, where leonard cohen was the boy next door and her mothers home in miami was a sort of halfway house for civil rights activists recently out of prison.	biderman and her sister spent much of their youth in the company of writers, artists and musicians when living at the chelsea hotel in new york, where leonard cohen was the boy next door and her mothers home in miami was a sort of halfway house for civil rights activists recently out of prison.
pam ann is the air hostess alter-ego of australian comedienne caroline reid.	pam ann is the air hostess alter-ego of australian comedian caroline reid.
oliver hopes to put into context some of the most abhorrent figures of the last hundred years, such as adolf hitler, joseph stalin and mao zedong.	oliver hopes to put into context some of the most controversial figures of the last hundred years, such as adolf hitler, joseph stalin and mao zedong.
crest is the name of a very popular toothpaste which is now on the market in many countries, such as the united states, canada, the united kingdom, and france.	crest is the name of a popular toothpaste which is now on the market in many countries, such as the united states, canada, the united kingdom, and france.
"sullivan did this so frequently in the savoy operas that comedienne anna russell, in her comedy routine ""how to write your own gilbert and sullivan opera"", exclaimed, ""the tenor ... according to tradition, must sing an aria in 6/8 time""."	"sullivan did this so frequently in the savoy operas that comedian anna russell, in her comedy routine ""how to write your own gilbert and sullivan opera"", exclaimed, ""the tenor ... according to tradition, must sing an aria in 6/8 time""."
he has been married three times: his first wife was ann neale, from whom he has four children; he was then married to susan guthrie until 1976; and remained married to his third wife, mary craven, until her passing in 2004.	he has been married three times: his first wife was ann neale, from whom he has four children; he was then married to susan guthrie until 1976; and remained married to his third wife, mary craven, until her death in 2004.
it was also the basis for international maritime law, which is still in effect today .	it was also the basis for international maritime law, which is still in effect.
the rich mosaic of latin american cultural expressions is the product of many diverse influences:	the mosaic of latin american cultural expressions is the product of many diverse influences:
"throughout february and march 1974, he received a series of visions, which he referred to as ""two-three-seventy four"" (2-3-74), shorthand for february-march 1974. he described the initial visions as laser beams and geometric patterns, and, occasionally, brief pictures of jesus and of ancient rome."	"throughout february and march 1974, he experienced a series of visions, which he referred to as ""two-three-seventy four"" (2-3-74), shorthand for february-march 1974. he described the initial visions as laser beams and geometric patterns, and, occasionally, brief pictures of jesus and of ancient rome."
michael has admitted to problems and depression, which he has tried to cope with by taking prozac, smoking pot - and at one time buying a labrador retriever, that unfortunately died in the thames.	michael has admitted to problems and depression, which he has tried to cope with by taking prozac, smoking pot - and at one time buying a labrador retriever, that died in the thames.
mary, a protestant, came to the throne following the glorious revolution, during which her despotic roman catholic father, james ii, was deposed.	mary, a protestant, came to the throne following the glorious revolution, during which her roman catholic father, james ii, was deposed.
"the song is available as downloadable content for the rhythm video game rock band 3 where it is incorrectly listed as ""miami 2017 (see the lights go out on broadway)""."	"the song is available as downloadable content for the rhythm video game rock band 3 where it is listed as ""miami 2017 (see the lights go out on broadway)""."
loving (2016) based on the inspiring true story of richard and mildred loving, an interracial couple who were plaintiff's in the 1967 u.s supreme court decision loving v. virginia, which deemed anti-miscegenation laws unconstitutional	loving (2016) based on the true story of richard and mildred loving, an interracial couple who were plaintiff's in the 1967 u.s supreme court decision loving v. virginia, which deemed anti-miscegenation laws unconstitutional
these characterizations follow the histories by tacitus, suetonius and cassius dio.	these accounts follow the histories by tacitus, suetonius and cassius dio.
goguryeo was an ancient korean kingdom located in the northern korean peninsula and manchuria.	goguryeo was an ancient kingdom located in the northern korean peninsula and manchuria.
the life of william adams also inspired james clavell's shgun, which was a best-selling novel and then a celebrated tv miniseries.	the life of william adams also inspired james clavell's shgun, which was a best-selling novel and then a tv miniseries.
she is known for her incredible dancing and she has also made a guest appearance in big boss kannada season 5. she also made her telugu debut with the film kirrak party which is the remake of kirik party opposite nikhil siddharth, directed by sharan koppisetti.	she is known for her dancing and she has also made a guest appearance in big boss kannada season 5. she also made her telugu debut with the film kirrak party which is the remake of kirik party opposite nikhil siddharth, directed by sharan koppisetti.
butler was the first sitting wisconsin supreme court justice to be defeated in a reelection campaign since 1967. this stemmed from controversial opinions he wrote in medical malpractice, search and seizure and products liability cases.	butler was the first sitting wisconsin supreme court justice to be defeated in a reelection campaign since 1967. this stemmed from opinions he wrote in medical malpractice, search and seizure and products liability cases.
he is married to french moroccan singer wallen with whom he has a lovely child.	he is married to french moroccan singer wallen with whom he has a child.
the see clearly method is an eye-based exercise program based in part on the discredited bates method and marketed as an alternative to the use of glasses, contact lenses, and eye surgery to improve vision.	the see clearly method is an eye-based exercise program based in part on the bates method and marketed as an alternative to the use of glasses, contact lenses, and eye surgery to improve vision.
mangog is a fictional supervillain appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.	mangog is a fictional character appearing in american comic books published by marvel comics.
on december 31, 2006, the brazilian newspaper of record published the chamber's decision to concede janene a 12.8 thousand real retirement pension due to his health problems.	on december 31, 2006, the brazilian newspaper of record published the chamber's decision to allocate janene a 12.8 thousand real retirement pension due to his health problems.
the love guru received terrible reviews from critics.	the love guru received generally unfavourable reviews from critics.
as is the case with most mlsmorpg games, these types of issues show up and are addressed on a constant basis.	as is the case with most mmorpg games, these types of issues show up and are addressed on a constant basis.
eventually, the dominant engine for the boeing 707 family was the pratt & whitney jt3d, a turbofan variant of the jt3c with even lower fuel consumption as well as higher thrust.	eventually, the dominant engine for the boeing 707 family was the pratt & whitney jt3d, a turbofan variant of the jt3c with lower fuel consumption as well as higher thrust.
in particular, the name l'entrecte has come to identify three iconic groups of restaurants owned by two sisters and one brother of the gineste de saurs family, which specialise in the contre-filet cut of sirloin and serve it in the typical french bistro style of steak-frites, or steak-and-chips:	in particular, the name l'entrecte has come to identify three groups of restaurants owned by two sisters and one brother of the gineste de saurs family, which specialise in the contre-filet cut of sirloin and serve it in the typical french bistro style of steak-frites, or steak-and-chips:
the theory has been discredited by mainstream historians and in recent years by journalists and investigators such as jean-luc chaumeil, who has an extensive archive on this subject matter.	the theory has been rejected by mainstream historians and in recent years by journalists and investigators such as jean-luc chaumeil, who has an extensive archive on this subject matter.
systematics and evolution theory	systematics and evolution
the fifth release in king crimson's superlative 40th anniversary series featuring new stereo and 5.1 surround mixes (by steven wilson and robert fripp), sid smith sleeve notes and copious extra tracks and alternate versions.	the fifth release in king crimson's 40th anniversary series featuring new stereo and 5.1 surround mixes (by steven wilson and robert fripp), sid smith sleeve notes and copious extra tracks and alternate versions.
a strong cotton twine should be used to lash the frayed end together to produce a whipped rope; this will help the end from coming apart again and make tying knots easier.	a strong twine should be used to lash the frayed end together to produce a whipped rope; this will help the end from coming apart again and make tying knots easier.
"he received comparatively mild treatment because goebbels intended that grynszpan be the subject of a propaganda show trial, to prove the complicity of ""international jewry"" in the vom rath murder ."	"he received comparatively mild treatment because goebbels intended that grynszpan be the subject of a propaganda show trial, to prove the complicity of ""international jewry"" in the vom rath killing ."
the amanpours led a privileged life under the regime of the shah of iran.	the amanpours led a privileged life under the government of the shah of iran.
such obligations famously were part of the accounting fraud at enron.	such obligations were part of the accounting fraud at enron.
"biographer kenneth ackerman contends that summers' accusations have been ""widely debunked by historians""."	"biographer kenneth ackerman says that summers' accusations have been ""widely debunked by historians""."
"kaspersky labs concluded that the attacks could only have been conducted ""with nation-state support"", making iran the first victim of real cyber warfare."	"kaspersky labs concluded that the attacks could only have been conducted ""with nation-state support"", making iran the first target of real cyber warfare."
there is even a magazine with that name (chilango = equivalent to time out) which deals only with the infinite entertainment possibilities of the megalopolis.	there is even a magazine with that name (chilango = equivalent to time out) which deals only with the numerous entertainment possibilities of the megalopolis.
he was also quick to sue anyone who pirated his escape stunts.	he was also quick to sue anyone who imitated his escape stunts.
the critics of the protocols beleive (and some assert) that it was he who was the author of the infamous protocols of the elders of zion.	the critics of the protocols beleive (and some assert) that it was he who was the author of the protocols of the elders of zion.
interracial relations between native americans and african americans has sadly been a part of american history that has been neglected.	interracial relations between native americans and african americans has been a part of american history that has been neglected.
they are distributed on various areas of the skin, but concentrated in areas especially sensitive to light touch, such as the fingers, lips and the female /male prepuce (foreskin).	they are distributed on various areas of the skin, but concentrated in areas especially sensitive to light touch, such as the fingers, lips and the female prepuce (foreskin).
the clockwork flowers are a popular british psychedelic pop duo currently based in tokyo, japan.	the clockwork flowers are a british psychedelic pop duo currently based in tokyo, japan.
"furthermore, there is a reform view that the shul or synagogue is a modern temple; hence, ""temple"" appears in numerous congregation names in reform judaism."	"furthermore, there is a reform attitude that the shul or synagogue is a modern temple; hence, ""temple"" appears in numerous congregation names in reform judaism."
greta scacchi (born 18 february 1960) is an english actress .	greta scacchi (born 18 february 1960) is an english actor .
the glorious ceremony was accompanied by both british and american pilots who sponsored the security for the event, and devotees who processed barefoot in the holy mile leading into the shrine.	the ceremony was accompanied by both british and american pilots who sponsored the security for the event, and devotees who processed barefoot in the holy mile leading into the shrine.
he is a prominent critic of extreme claims, such as those of merritt ruhlen and joseph greenberg, of distant genetic relationship among languages.	he is a prominent critic of claims, such as those of merritt ruhlen and joseph greenberg, of distant genetic relationship among languages.
despite a half-life in the soil of only 110 days, its ubiquity makes it an important pollutant.	despite a half-life in the soil of 110 days, its ubiquity makes it an important pollutant.
however, when vladimir putin took over from yeltsin in 2000, he began to clamor for a restoration of alexandrov's stirring music in place of yeltsin's choice.	however, when vladimir putin took over from yeltsin in 2000, he began to clamor for a restoration of alexandrov's music in place of yeltsin's choice.
the war on drugs is a failed prohibition campaign undertaken by the united states government with the assistance of participating countries, intended to reduce the illegal drug tradeto curb supply and diminish demand for specific psychoactive substances deemed immoral, harmful or undesirable.	the war on drugs is a prohibition campaign undertaken by the united states government with the assistance of participating countries, intended to reduce the illegal drug tradeto curb supply and diminish demand for specific psychoactive substances deemed immoral, harmful or undesirable.
the taiji twelve were a group of dolphins captured in a dolphin drive hunt outside of the village of taiji, japan in october 2006. the town of taiji has 400 years of whaling history.	the taiji twelve is a term used by anti-dolphin hunting campaigners to describe a group of dolphins captured in a dolphin drive hunt outside of the village of taiji, japan in october 2006. the town of taiji has 400 years of whaling history.
the chinese population online is increasing at a frighteningly high rate; this is expected to have a great impact on the internet in the near future.	the chinese population online is increasing at a high rate; this is expected to have a great impact on the internet in the near future.
neutral refractories description	neutral refractories
in february 2012, phil shiner, a british solicitor who represents the alleged iraqi victims , said that he would be surprised if the inquiry was started before the summer of 2012.	in february 2012, phil shiner, a british solicitor who represents the alleged iraqi 's , said that he would be surprised if the inquiry was started before the summer of 2012.
casts doubt on many of menzies claims.	casts doubt on some of menzies claims.
if the 10 ball is pocketed on the break, it will be spotted and the player will continue his inning (previously a 10 ball made on the break resulted in a win).	if the 10 ball is pocketed on the break, it will be spotted and the player will continue inning (previously a 10 ball made on the break resulted in a win).
the 1970s saw a period of economic stagnation following both global economic downturn and substantial lobbying by labour unions.	the 1970s saw a period of economic stagnation following both global economic downturn and strong lobbying by labour unions.
the latter is a successful actress and author best known for the role of ellie pascoe in television adaptation of reginald hill's detective novels dalziel and pascoe.	the latter is a actress and author best known for the role of ellie pascoe in television adaptation of reginald hill's detective novels dalziel and pascoe.
she was cruely eliminated in episode 9.	she was eliminated in episode 9.
in 1978 she earned the sarah siddons award for her work in chicago theatre.	in 1978 she won the sarah siddons award for her work in chicago theatre.
alexander hislop (born duns, berwickshire, 1807; died arbroath, 13 march 1865) was a free church of scotland minister infamous for his outspoken criticisms of the roman catholic church.	alexander hislop (born duns, berwickshire, 1807; died arbroath, 13 march 1865) was a free church of scotland minister known for his outspoken criticisms of the roman catholic church.
which shows that a likely outcome of following total utilitarianism is a future where there is a large number of people with very low utility values.	which argues that a likely outcome of following total utilitarianism is a future where there is a large number of people with very low utility values.
the ira claimed stronge was targetted in reprisal for sectarian killings of catholics (with which he had no connection) and because he was a leading orangeman.	the ira claimed stronge was murdered in reprisal for sectarian killings of catholics (with which he had no connection) and because he was a leading orangeman.
in the novel, an alternate theory of authorship is advanced, in which the author is a patrician roman by the name of francesco colonna, rather than the degenerate venetian monk.	in the novel, an alternate theory of authorship is advanced, in which the author is a patrician roman by the name of francesco colonna, rather than the venetian monk.
the battle occurred ten months after lord cornwallis's famous surrender at yorktown, which had effectively ended the war in the east.	the battle occurred ten months after lord cornwallis's surrender at yorktown, which had effectively ended the war in the east.
the cars do have a cult following, especially among fans of the 1970s look .	the cars do have a cult following, especially among fans of the 1970s.
for some of their hit songs and videos, the decandentes have engaged many argentine icons such as notorious soccer referee guillermo nimo and the later candombe singer alberto castillo.	for some of their hit songs and videos, the decandentes have engaged many argentine icons such as former soccer referee guillermo nimo and the later candombe singer alberto castillo.
he opposed slavery and was amongst the earliest proponents of social security, universal free public education, a guaranteed minimum income, and many other radical ideas now common practice in most democracies.	he opposed slavery and was amongst the earliest proponents of social security, universal free public education, a guaranteed minimum income, and many other ideas now common practice in most democracies.
theodore died in 690 at the remarkable age of 88, having held the archbishopric for twenty-two years.	theodore died in 690 at the age of 88, having held the archbishopric for twenty-two years.
chant garden elementary school is a prestigious private elementary school in wenzhou, china.	chant garden elementary school is a private elementary school in wenzhou, china.
however, none of the election monitors in attendance found this to be the case, although the only monitors present were those who accepted the governments conditions of observation, which were sufficiently onerous to cause the organization for security and co-operation in europe, a major international election monitoring body, not to attend, since these restrictions would have prevented it from effectively monitoring the election .	however, few of the election monitors in attendance found this to be the case , although the only monitors present were those who accepted the governments conditions of observation, which were sufficiently onerous to cause the organization for security and co-operation in europe, a major international election monitoring body, not to attend, since these restrictions would have prevented it from effectively monitoring the election .
the episode marked the first time in the series that owners prevented ramsay from completing a restaurant's apparent transformation.	the episode marked the first time in the series that owners prevented ramsay from completing a restaurant's ramsay-style transformation.
gourley, a native of sioux falls, south dakota, was elected chair of the college republican national committee in 2005. he won the chairmanship following a hotly contested campaign between himself and former california cr state chairman michael davidson.	gourley, a native of sioux falls, south dakota, was elected chair of the college republican national committee in 2005. he won the chairmanship following a contested campaign between himself and former california cr state chairman michael davidson.
in this era, there was no clear tradition of scientific medicine, and accurate observations went hand-in-hand with superstition as part of the practice of medicine.	in this era, there was no clear tradition of scientific medicine, and accurate observations went hand-in-hand with spiritual beliefs as part of the practice of medicine.
at judgment day 2004, jbl defeated the late great eddie guerrero via disqualification in a bloody wwe title match.	at judgment day 2004, jbl defeated the late eddie guerrero via disqualification in a bloody wwe title match.
many of mitt romney's political positions have changed over the course of his political career.	some of mitt romney's political positions have changed over the course of his political career.
maggie (zasu pitts) is a popular ziegfeld follies dancing comedienne whose husband leaves her for one of the show's beauties, and who longs for the life of other chorus girls but eventually finds love by being herself.	maggie (zasu pitts) is a popular ziegfeld follies dancing comedian whose husband leaves her for one of the show's beauties, and who longs for the life of other chorus girls but eventually finds love by being herself.
he was regarded as one of the greatest ever prop-forwards and was a member of the french team that won the five nations championship in 1977 (grand slam), 1981(grand slam), and 1983.	he was regarded as one of the greatest prop-forwards and was a member of the french team that won the five nations championship in 1977 (grand slam), 1981(grand slam), and 1983.
the series' premiere garnered terrific ratings, with 4.4 million people tuning in.	the series' premiere garnered high ratings, with 4.4 million people tuning in.
howard was a lifelong chronic depressive, and sadly maintained his belief in the validity of suicide as an escape from pain.	howard was a lifelong chronic depressive, and maintained his belief in the validity of suicide as an escape from pain.
to perform a seated wrist curl, the lifter should be seated on a bench with his knees bent and the forearm(s) resting on the thigh, or with forearms on a bench and hands hanging off the edge.	to perform a seated wrist curl, the lifter should be seated on a bench with knees bent and the forearm(s) resting on the thigh, or with forearms on a bench and hands hanging off the edge.
jeff porcaro died in a bizarre gardening accident on august 5, 1992, at the age of 38. he was spraying insecticide in his garden and inhaled too much of the spray, triggering a heart attack.	jeff porcaro died in a gardening accident on august 5, 1992, at the age of 38. he was spraying insecticide in his garden and inhaled too much of the spray, triggering a heart attack.
free delivery within rc willey's local delivery area during the year of your membership (on purchases of $299 or more).	free delivery within rc willey's local delivery area during the year of a membership (on purchases of $299 or more).
knowles was supposed to visit kuala lumpur, malaysia on november 1 2007. the show has been cancelled as she refused to comply with the strict dress code of the country.	knowles was supposed to visit kuala lumpur, malaysia on november 1 2007. the show has been cancelled as she refused to comply with the dress code of the country.
debra wilson (1962-) - actress, comedienne , voice actress, and tv presenter	debra wilson (1962-) - actress, comedian , voice actress, and tv presenter
margaret cho (born december 5, 1968) is an american comedienne , fashion designer and actor.	margaret cho (born december 5, 1968) is an american comedian, fashion designer and actor.
the september 11 attacks (often referred to as september 11th or 9/11) were a series of coordinated suicide attacks by al-qaeda upon the united states on september 11, 2001. on that morning, 19 al-qaeda members hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners.	the september 11 attacks (often referred to as september 11th or 9/11) were a series of coordinated suicide attacks by al-qaeda upon the united states on september 11, 2001. on that morning, 19 al-qaeda terrorists hijacked four commercial passenger jet airliners.
nancy drew is a feature film released on june 15, 2007 in the u.s., very loosely based on the popular series of mystery novels about the titular teen detective nancy drew.	nancy drew is a feature film released on june 15, 2007 in the u.s., loosely based on the popular series of mystery novels about the titular teen detective nancy drew.
in 2011, the newly reformed tvxq duo landed lucrative endorsement deals in korea with brands such as nike, the shilla duty free, pepsi nex zero, missha, and most recently with lacoste.	in 2011, the newly reformed tvxq duo landed endorsement deals in korea with brands such as nike, the shilla duty free, pepsi nex zero, missha, and most recently with lacoste.
jimmy eat world is an american emo group from mesa, arizona, formed in 1993.	jimmy eat world is an american rock group from mesa, arizona, formed in 1993.
a refundable tax credit refers to the concept of giving tax refunds to individuals in excess of the amount of tax actually paid.	in the usa refundable tax credit refers to the concept of giving tax refunds to individuals in excess of the amount of tax actually paid.
future stories introduced new heroes and menaces, many of them clearly based on pre-existing marvel characters.	future stories introduced new heroes and menaces, many of them based on pre-existing marvel characters.
kopparberg - magnificent pear cider	kopparberg - pear cider
the practice has since been discontinued after the caf's voluntary name change, though it remains part of their offensive legacy.	the practice has since been discontinued after the caf's voluntary name change, though it remains part of their legacy.
according to the son of henry morgenthau, jr. white was the principal architect behind the infamous morgenthau plan .	according to the son of henry morgenthau, jr. white was the principal architect behind the morgenthau plan .
however, many white south africans, including afrikaners, did not share hertzog's reactionary views, and regarded the hostility towards television as absurd and embarrassing, given that other (supposedly 'less civilised') countries in africa had already introduced it.	however, many white south africans, including afrikaners, did not share hertzog's views, and regarded the hostility towards television as absurd and embarrassing, given that other (supposedly 'less civilised') countries in africa had already introduced it.
the phrase was coined in 2001 by commentator andrew sullivan, who identified himself as a south park republican after hearing that the show's creators had claimed to be republicans when recieving an award from the liberal pressure group, people for the american way (pfaw).	the phrase was coined in 2001 by commentator andrew sullivan, who identified himself as a south park republican after hearing that the show's creators had claimed to be republicans when recieving an award from the liberal advocacy group, people for the american way (pfaw).
"leon t. gross (september 14, 1912 or 1916 – january 8, 1973), who performed and recorded as archibald, was an influential american rhythm and blues pianist and singer who had a hit in 1950 with ""stack-a-lee"", a version of ""stagger lee""."	"leon t. gross (september 14, 1912 or 1916 – january 8, 1973), who performed and recorded as archibald, was an american rhythm and blues pianist and singer who had a hit in 1950 with ""stack-a-lee"", a version of ""stagger lee""."
however, stroud has claimed that while filming several episodes, there were times when his emergency phone did not work, leaving him totally alone and has mentioned his concern that his rescue crew may become stranded with him.	however, stroud has stated that while filming several episodes, there were times when his emergency phone did not work, leaving him totally alone and has mentioned his concern that his rescue crew may become stranded with him.
these are highly-regulated services traditionally intended for businesses, that are micromanaged through public service commisions in each state, must be fully defined in psc tariff documents, and have management rules dating back to the early 1980s which still refer to teletypes as potential connection devices.	these are highly-regulated services traditionally intended for businesses, that are managed through public service commisions in each state, must be fully defined in psc tariff documents, and have management rules dating back to the early 1980s which still refer to teletypes as potential connection devices.
"azariah appropriately means ""jah has helped"""	"azariah means ""jah has helped"""
the greatest concentrations of farc terrorist forces are in the south-eastern regions of colombia's of jungle, in the plains at the base of the andean mountain chain and in northwestern colombia.	the greatest concentrations of farc forces are in the south-eastern regions of colombia's of jungle, in the plains at the base of the andean mountain chain and in northwestern colombia.
the band achieved success in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when they were mistakenly associated with the burgeoning new romantic fashion movement, though the band themselves denied any such connection.	the band achieved success in the late 1970s and early 1980s, when they were often associated with the burgeoning new romantic fashion movement, though the band themselves denied any such connection.
a small number of students at the university of toronto, many of them at trinity college feel that utsu collects an excessive student levy in order to pursue a political agenda with which most of the students at the university do not agree.	a number of students at the university of toronto, many of them at trinity college feel that utsu collects an excessive student levy in order to pursue a political agenda with which most of the students at the university do not agree.
mitchelstown provided the opposition, however, kanturk had a facile 120 to 04 victory, giving walsh a coveted championship medal.	mitchelstown provided the opposition, however, kanturk had a facile 120 to 04 victory, giving walsh a cork junior football championship medal.
the game features a rich 3d environment set in the fictional world of norrath, its moon luclin and alternate planes of reality.	the game features a 3d environment set in the fictional world of norrath, its moon luclin and alternate planes of reality.
although his economic policies - which included the reduction of several redundant socialist policies - were widely popular, especially among the middle class, singh lost his seat in the lok sabha from south delhi in 1999. he is thus the only indian prime minister never to have been an elected member of the lower house of parliament.	although his economic policies - which included the reduction of several socialist policies - were widely popular, especially among the middle class, singh lost his seat in the lok sabha from south delhi in 1999. he is thus the only indian prime minister never to have been an elected member of the lower house of parliament.
after its defeat, senate leaders decided to amend an existing bill from the house to circumvent the revenue origination clause of u.s. constitution, and chose h.r.	after its defeat, senate leaders decided to amend an existing bill from the house in a procedure that critics charge was used circumvent the revenue origination clause of u.s. constitution, and chose h.r.
two young people have a date in a park they have never been to before.	two people have a date in a park they have never been to before.
in march 1940, the anti-british nationalist rashid ali replaced nuri as-said.	in march 1940, the nationalist rashid ali replaced nuri as-said.
"it is the flagship university of the university of colorado system and was founded five months before colorado was admitted to the union in 1876. according to the public ivies: america's flagship public universities (2001), it is considered one of the prestigious ""public ivy league"" schools."	"it is the flagship university of the university of colorado system and was founded five months before colorado was admitted to the union in 1876. according to the public ivies: america's flagship public universities (2001), it is considered one of the thirty ""public ivy league"" schools."
"his most notable work is on the hit song ""everything"" featuring new zealand r&b singer vince harder, which surprisingly reached number one on the new zealand singles charts for three weeks in 2008."	"his most notable work is on the hit song ""everything"" featuring new zealand r&b singer vince harder, which reached number one on the new zealand singles charts for three weeks in 2008."
additionally, there are numerous pubs and bars and several awful nightclubs.	additionally, there are numerous pubs and bars and several nightclubs.
on one side of the coastal roadway that runs through grogport there is a picnic spot on the beach, with spectacular views of arran across the water.	on one side of the coastal roadway that runs through grogport there is a picnic spot on the beach, with views of arran across the water.
during his years in washington, sellars staged extraordinary productions of count of monte cristo, the james o'neill version, a production featuring richard thomas, patti lupone, david warrilow, zakes mokae, and many other outstanding performers.	during his years in washington, sellars staged productions of count of monte cristo, the james o'neill version, a production featuring richard thomas, patti lupone, david warrilow, zakes mokae, and many other outstanding performers.
scholars view matthew as having been written with a jewish audience in mind, and several scholars have argued that matthew artificially lessened the rejection of jewish law so as not to alienate matthew's intended audience.	scholars view matthew as having been written with a jewish audience in mind, and several scholars have argued that matthew artificially lessened a claimed rejection of jewish law so as not to alienate matthew's intended audience.
the song was released as the band's fourth and final single off this album; however, it unfortunately never became a hit on the radio.	the song was released as the band's fourth and final single off this album; however, it never became a hit on the radio.
india's navy played a commendable role in the bombing of karachi harbour in the 1971 war.	india's navy played a role in the bombing of karachi harbour in the 1971 war.
blood libels are false accusations that jews use human blood in religious rituals.	blood libels are accusations that jews use human blood in religious rituals.
"this article is about the 1976 show that became the first of the legendary ""secret policeman's ball"" benefit shows for amnesty international."	"this article is about the 1976 show that became the first of the ""secret policeman's ball"" benefit shows for amnesty international."
prout is a social system that overcomes the limitations of both capitalism and communism.	prout is a social system that claims to overcome the limitations of both capitalism and communism.
the riaa's policy and method of suing individuals for copyright infringement is continually criticized.	the riaa's policy and method of suing individuals for copyright infringement is criticized.
tahi caught his first touchdown pass of his 4 year nfl career january 3, 2010 in a huge win against the new york giants.	tahi caught his first touchdown pass of his 4 year nfl career january 3, 2010 in a win against the new york giants.
georgia lock (born 25 october 1996) is an english teen actress and presenter best known for her role as sadie in sadie j and as herself in friday download	georgia lock (born 25 october 1996) is an english teen actress and presenter known for her role as sadie in sadie j and as herself in friday download
some of matsumoto's best roles are wataru akiyama in initial d, jean havoc in fullmetal alchemist, gourry gabriev in slayers and ryou in sonic soldier borgman.	some of matsumoto's most notable roles are wataru akiyama in initial d, jean havoc in fullmetal alchemist, gourry gabriev in slayers and ryou in sonic soldier borgman.
amber smith (born march 2, 1971) is an american actress and former supermodel .	amber smith (born march 2, 1971) is an american actress and former model .
de facto, appointments tend to respect the national obsession of balances between the flemish and french-speaking communities as well as between the 'ministeriable' political families: mainly christian-democrats, socialists, liberals, also (moderate) nationalists, occasionally an ecologist).	de facto, appointments tend to respect the national custom of balances between the flemish and french-speaking communities as well as between the 'ministeriable' political families: mainly christian-democrats, socialists, liberals, also (moderate) nationalists, occasionally an ecologist).
lowell thomas george (april 13, 1945 - june 29, 1979) was an influential american musician, songwriter, singer and guitarist, most prominently with the rock group little feat.	lowell thomas george (april 13, 1945 - june 29, 1979) was an american musician, songwriter, singer and guitarist, most prominently with the rock group little feat.
"ebaum's world (subtitled ""media for the masses"") is a popular website featuring stolen videos, macromedia flash cartoons, and flash games (all of which are taken from other sites), as well as other humor material also taken from other sites."	"ebaum's world (subtitled ""media for the masses"") is a popular website featuring videos, macromedia flash cartoons, and flash games (all of which are taken from other sites), as well as other humor material also taken from other sites."
jccc also has an excellent cafeteria, which includes diverse offerings from pizza hut, a salad bar, boulevard burgers, tsunami sushi and chick-fil-a.	jccc also has an cafeteria, which includes diverse offerings from pizza hut, a salad bar, boulevard burgers, tsunami sushi and chick-fil-a.
some supporters advocate withdrawing from kinmen and matsu, which are controlled by taiwan but are right off the coast of mainland china (in fact part of the definition of mainland china).	some supporters advocate withdrawing from kinmen and matsu, which are controlled by republic of china but are right off the coast of mainland china (in fact part of the definition of mainland china).
one story reports that chapman noticed a supporter in the stands wearing a red sleeveless sweater over a white shirt; another was that he was inspired by a similar outfit worn by famous cartoonist tom webster, with whom chapman played golf.	one story reports that chapman noticed a supporter in the stands wearing a red sleeveless sweater over a white shirt; another was that he was inspired by a similar outfit worn by the cartoonist tom webster, with whom chapman played golf.
david villa snchez (born december 3, 1981 in langreo, asturias, spain), is nicknamed el guaje (the kid in asturian) he is a spanish football player, who currently plays for spanish giants valencia cf and the spanish national side.	david villa snchez (born december 3, 1981 in langreo, asturias, spain), is nicknamed el guaje (the kid in asturian) he is a spanish football player, who currently plays for spanish team valencia cf and the spanish national side.
may 23: anne meara, 85, actress, singer, writer, producer and comedienne (as one half of stiller and meara with husband jerry stiller), recipient of a clio award for her work with her husband in a series of radio ads for blue nun wine.	may 23: anne meara, 85, actress, singer, writer, producer and comedian (as one half of stiller and meara with husband jerry stiller), recipient of a clio award for her work with her husband in a series of radio ads for blue nun wine.
rukmi wanted to join the war, but arjuna refused to allow him because he had lost to krishna during rumini 's swayavar and yet he boasted about his war strength and army, whereas duryodhana did not want arjuna's reject.	rukmi wanted to join the war, but arjuna refused to allow him because he had lost to krishna during rukmini 's swayavar and yet he boasted about his war strength and army, whereas duryodhana did not want arjuna's reject.
in 1999, the vermont supreme court decided baker v. vermont, ruling that their state legislature must establish equal rights for same-sex couples similar to those of married opposite-sex couples.	in 1999, the vermont supreme court decided baker v. vermont, ruling that their state legislature must establish identical rights for same-sex couples similar to those of married opposite-sex couples.
mary stachowicz was brutally murdered on november 13, 2002 by her coworker nicholas gutierrez following an argument over her christianity and his homosexuality.	mary stachowicz was murdered on november 13, 2002 by her coworker nicholas gutierrez following an argument over her christianity and his homosexuality.
in 2006, at the age of 28, louryk was subsequently nominated for and awarded the prestigious drama desk award in the category unique theatrical experience, the same category in which robert wilson was also nominated.	in 2006, at the age of 28, louryk was subsequently nominated for and awarded the drama desk award in the category unique theatrical experience, the same category in which robert wilson was also nominated.
"despite his 2005 season and comparisons to fellow miami native dwight freeney, dumervil went on the second day of the nfl draft due to concerns about his small size (5'11""; 258lbs), and the fact that he went sackless in his final three games, which was largely due to being constantly doubled teamed, but was perceived by some as a sign of fatigue."	"despite his 2005 season and comparisons to fellow miami native dwight freeney, dumervil went on the second day of the nfl draft due to concerns about his small size (5'11""; 258lbs), and the fact that he went sackless in his final three games, which may have been largely due to being constantly doubled teamed, but was perceived by some as a sign of fatigue."
clint (real name beverly) was a recurring fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders, played by huggy leaver.	clint (real name beverly) was a recurring fictional character from the bbc soap opera eastenders, played by huggy leaver.
nevertheless, a number of theories allowing particles or information to travel backward in time have been proposed by respected scientists or have received meaningful evaluation by the scientific community.	nevertheless, a number of theories allowing particles or information to travel backward in time have been proposed by prominent scientists or have received meaningful evaluation by the scientific community.
soy consumption has been popularized by natural food companies and the soy industry's aggressive marketing campaign in various magazines, television ads and in health food markets.	soy consumption has been popularized by natural food companies and the soy industry's marketing campaign in various magazines, television ads and in health food markets.
roberts showed a more traditional approach to federalism in the past, stating in a 1999 radio interview:	roberts showed a more conservative approach to federalism in the past, stating in a 1999 radio interview:
in chicago, telly often met with illinois state senators steven g. nash and samuel maragos, also greeks, as well as greek millionaire simeon frangos, who owned the famous athens north nightclub and the flying carpet hotel near o'hare airport.	in chicago, telly often met with illinois state senators steven g. nash and samuel maragos, also greeks, as well as greek millionaire simeon frangos, who owned the athens north nightclub and the flying carpet hotel near o'hare airport.
as early as the 1970s, the stanley hotel has had claims of paranormal activity.	as early as the 1970s, the stanley hotel has had reports of paranormal activity.
according to top jewish demographer sergio dellapergola, in 2015 there were about 6.3 million jews in israel, 5.7 million in the united states, and 2.3 million in the rest of the world.	according to jewish demographer sergio dellapergola, in 2015 there were about 6.3 million jews in israel, 5.7 million in the united states, and 2.3 million in the rest of the world.
information technology production is stably growing in the country, reaching 1.9 billion euros in 2016.	information technology production is growing in the country, reaching 1.9 billion euros in 2016.
both her outstanding papercuts and her literary contributions have been recognized and appreciated, especially in the english-speaking world.	both her papercuts and her literary contributions have been recognized and appreciated, especially in the english-speaking world.
the film has been criticized for both misrepresenting science and containing pseudoscience and has been described as a case of quantum flapdoodle .	the film has been criticized for both misrepresenting science and containing pseudoscience and has been described as a case of quantum mysticism.
microstamping: csgv supports the implementation and research relating to firearm microstamping, an emerging ballistic identification technology which allows law enforcement to trace the serial number of a firearm from an ejected cartridge case(s) recovered at a crime scene, on state and federal levels.	microstamping: csgv supports the implementation and research relating to firearm microstamping, an emerging ballistic identification technology which purports to allow law enforcement to trace the serial number of a firearm from an ejected cartridge case(s) recovered at a crime scene, on state and federal levels.
on her passing , she was succeeded by lieutenant governor albert brewer, who had run without republican opposition in the wallace-martin race.	on her death , she was succeeded by lieutenant governor albert brewer, who had run without republican opposition in the wallace-martin race.
while an alternate, non-graphic cover was made to appease conservative retailers who had refused to stock the original version.	while an alternate, non-graphic cover was made to appease retailers who had refused to stock the original version.
blue security cowardly ceased its anti-spam operation on may 16, 2006. the company announced it will look for non-spam related uses of its technology.	blue security ceased its anti-spam operation on may 16, 2006. the company announced it will look for non-spam related uses of its technology.
a moderate democrat with a long history of promoting ethics in government, a healthy and clean environment, and access to affordable health care, castor was endorsed by the pro-choice political action committee emily's list, the league of conservation voters, oceans champions, the tampa tribune, the st. petersburg times and the bradenton herald.	a democrat with a long history of promoting ethics in government, a healthy and clean environment, and access to affordable health care, castor was endorsed by the pro-choice political action committee emily's list, the league of conservation voters, oceans champions, the tampa tribune, the st. petersburg times and the bradenton herald.
gillespie was a trumpet virtuoso and gifted improviser, building on the virtuoso style of roy eldridge but adding layers of harmonic complexity previously unknown in jazz.	gillespie was a trumpet virtuoso and improviser, building on the virtuoso style of roy eldridge but adding layers of harmonic complexity previously unknown in jazz.
"simultaneously with ""speed racer,"" fernandez also voiced the main character and wrote scripts for another classic anime series, ""marine boy,"" sometimes taping both shows in the same day in new york city."	"simultaneously with ""speed racer,"" fernandez also voiced the main character and wrote scripts for another anime series, ""marine boy,"" sometimes taping both shows in the same day in new york city."
three months earlier, in april, wikileaks made headlines with leaked classified video of an airstrike, the july 12, 2007, baghdad airstrike, in which as many as 18 iraqi civilians and two reuters journalists were unjustly killed.	three months earlier, in april, wikileaks made headlines with leaked classified video of an airstrike, the july 12, 2007, baghdad airstrike, in which as many as 18 iraqi civilians and two reuters journalists were killed.
is a non-fiction book by the biochemist and christian theologian alister mcgrath and joanna collicutt mcgrath, written as a critical response to richard dawkins' book the god delusion.	is a book by the biochemist and christian theologian alister mcgrath and joanna collicutt mcgrath, written as a critical response to richard dawkins' book the god delusion.
the laws were initially drafted to target the sex businesses in the blighted times square area, but small, local establishments like billy's were affected as well.	the laws were initially drafted to target the sex businesses in the times square area, but small, local establishments like billy's were affected as well.
spartanburg county is a county located in the u.s. state of south carolina.	spartanburg county is a county located in the state of south carolina.
mexico decided not to go along with this u.s.-led change and observes dst from the first sunday in april to the last sunday in october.	mexico decided not to go along with this change and observes dst from the first sunday in april to the last sunday in october.
breathtaking views of the coastline, juan de fuca strait and the olympic mountains can be seen from many points along this rainforest trail.	panoramic views of the coastline, juan de fuca strait and the olympic mountains can be seen from many points along this rainforest trail.
calculus is a branch of mathematics.	calculus is an important branch of mathematics.
"candice michelle has been referred to as ""miss godaddy.com"" or ""the go daddy girl"" by fans and on wwe tv shows, where she also does the ""go daddy dance"" (twirling her arms around her hot body while slowly turning) as part of her wrestling gimmick."	"candice michelle has been referred to as ""miss godaddy.com"" or ""the go daddy girl"" by fans and on wwe tv shows, where she also does the ""go daddy dance"" (twirling her arms around her body while slowly turning) as part of her wrestling gimmick."
the al jazeera bombing memo is an unpublished memorandum made within the british government which purports to be the minutes of a discussion between united states president george w. bush and prime minister tony blair.	the al jazeera bombing memo is an unpublished memorandum made within the british government which is said to be the minutes of a discussion between united states president george w. bush and prime minister tony blair.
it took eight days to find and recover the remains of the six heroes .	it took eight days to find and recover the remains of the six men .
the album features great players and soloists.	the album features many acclaimed players and soloists.
jane wales (born 1948) is ceo of the global philanthropy forum, a peer-learning network of philanthropists grant-makers and social investors committed to advancing equity and opportunity in the developing world.	jane wales (born 1948) is ceo of the global philanthropy forum, a peer-learning network of philanthropists grant-makers and social investors who work together to advancing equity and opportunity in the developing world.
jail bait refers to a particularly sexually attractive female below the legal age of consent.	jail bait refers to a particularly sexually attractive person below the legal age of consent.
"jeff beck had previously recorded ""you shook me"" for his album, truth, and falsely accused page of stealing his idea."	"jeff beck had previously recorded ""you shook me"" for his album, truth, and accused page of stealing his idea."
the kimber eclipse has a bi-tone stainless/black finish, tritium dot front and rear underline night sights, a premium lightweight aluminum trigger, a commander style hammer, and a beavertail grip safety.	the kimber eclipse has a bi-tone stainless/black finish, tritium dot front and rear underline night sights, a lightweight aluminum trigger, a commander style hammer, and a beavertail grip safety.
"french autonomes supported captured rote armee fraktion (""red army faction"" - raf) terrorists ."	"french autonomes supported captured rote armee fraktion (""red army faction"" - raf) former members ."
the justice party like all other kosovar albanian political parties does not take part in the general elections in serbia nor any other election or referendum organised by the serbian parliament.	the justice party like all other kosovo albanian political parties does not take part in the general elections in serbia nor any other election or referendum organised by the serbian parliament.
2003 was a great year of releases for no doubt.	2003 was a big year of releases for no doubt.
the term is derogatory , because it is used to assert that something is being inaccurately or deceptively portrayed as science.	the term is considered by proponents of pseudoscientific ideas to be pejorative, because it is used to assert that something is being inaccurately or deceptively portrayed as science.
the third indian commission that was appointed for enquiring into this confirmed in its report tabled in parliament in may 2006, that bose's death was staged to facilitate an escape to the ussr.	the third indian commission that was appointed for enquiring into this concluded in its report tabled in parliament in may 2006, that bose's death was staged to facilitate an escape to the ussr.
it started as a running gun battle through the city as police pursued two men through the streets of london for the assassination of right-wing political agitator , guinness book of records co-founder and tv personality ross mcwhirter, who had offered a reward to anyone willing to inform the security forces of ira activity.	it started as a running gun battle through the city as police pursued two men through the streets of london for the assassination of right-wing political commentator , guinness book of records co-founder and tv personality ross mcwhirter, who had offered a reward to anyone willing to inform the security forces of ira activity.
"the world cricket tsunami appeal one-day international manages to raise a$14.6 million ( nearly 11.1 million u.s. dollars) in aid of the tsunami victims (donate here), as ricky ponting leads the ""rest of the world xi"" to defeat the ""asian xi""."	"the world cricket tsunami appeal one-day international manages to raise a$14.6 million ( about 11.1 million u.s. dollars) in aid of the tsunami victims (donate here), as ricky ponting leads the ""rest of the world xi"" to defeat the ""asian xi""."
he once again received positive comments from all four judges, despite some criticism from judge simon cowell, who claimed that the vocal was 'monotone'.	he once again received positive comments from all four judges, despite some criticism from judge simon cowell, who stated that the vocal was 'monotone'.
an excellent essay on el amor brujo by peter gutmann	an essay on el amor brujo by peter gutmann
"the observatory is located at the end of a long drift, whimsically named the ""sno drift"", isolating it from other mining operations."	"the observatory is located at the end of a long drift, named the ""sno drift"", isolating it from other mining operations."
moreover, lee demands that will performs the stunts in a film lee is making with home video equipment owned by his bullying older brother, lawrence (ed westwick), which lawrence uses in his video pirating enterprise.	moreover, lee demands that will performs the stunts in a film lee is making with home video equipment owned by his bullying older brother, lawrence (ed westwick), which lawrence uses in his video bootlegging enterprise.
these actions were later heavily fictionalized in the 1981 charles bronson classic death hunt.	these actions were later heavily fictionalized in the 1981 charles bronson film death hunt .
cumming and masson met at the royal scottish academy of music and drama and united after several solo projects, to create the overly theatrical bbc sitcom, the high life.	cumming and masson met at the royal scottish academy of music and drama and united after several solo projects, to create the theatrical bbc sitcom, the high life.
he also became known as the 'fighting foetus', having been likened to a foetus by tony banks, the minister for sport, owing to his unfortunate likeness to an unborn baby, and later extended by the guardian's parliamentary sketchwriter, simon hoggart to 'fighting foetus' owing to his bantam-like aggressive demeanour at a political rally.	he also became known as the 'fighting foetus', having been likened to a foetus by tony banks, the minister for sport, owing to his unfortunate likeness to an unborn baby, and later extended by the guardian's parliamentary sketchwriter, simon hoggart to 'fighting foetus' due to his bantam-like aggressive demeanour at a political rally.
south carolina stubbornly held on to legislative choice until they became the first state to secede in december 1860.	south carolina held on to legislative choice until they became the first state to secede in december 1860.
odd thomas is a thriller novel written by legendary author dean koontz, and published in 2004.	odd thomas is a thriller novel written by author dean koontz, and published in 2004.
the planck energy divided by the planck time is the planck power, equal to about 3.62831 1052 w. this is an impractically large unit; even gamma-ray bursts, the most luminous phenomena known, have output on the order of 1 1045 w, less than one ten-millionth of the planck power.	the planck energy divided by the planck time is the planck power, equal to about 3.62831 1052 w. this is an extremely large unit; even gamma-ray bursts, the most luminous phenomena known, have output on the order of 1 1045 w, less than one ten-millionth of the planck power.
previous successes, continued cooperation with kanemoto, and full factory support from honda, make biaggi again one of the main title pretenders in 2005. currently, his main rival for the title still is valentino rossi.	previous successes, continued cooperation with kanemoto, and full factory support from honda, make biaggi again one of the main title contenders in 2005. currently, his main rival for the title still is valentino rossi.
two dramatic events of the senate debate were senator edward kennedy's hyperbolic speech opposing bork's nomination and the disclosure of bork's video rental history.	two dramatic events of the senate debate were senator edward kennedy's speech opposing bork's nomination and the disclosure of bork's video rental history.
the kicker being that every man, woman, and child on this great planet are genuine and authorized =pope=s... principia 00036 -hdb)	the kicker being that every man, woman, and child on this planet are genuine and authorized =pope=s... principia 00036 -hdb)
he was terminated following the longhorns' disappointing 9–15 season in his fourth year.	he was terminated following the longhorns' 9–15 season in his fourth year.
it is one of only three nhl arenas (the others being the mts centre in winnipeg, also originally constructed for a non-nhl team, and the moribund nassau coliseum on long island) not capable of seating more than 17,000 fans in its current configuration.	it is one of only three nhl arenas (the others being the mts centre in winnipeg, also originally constructed for a non-nhl team, and the nassau coliseum on long island) not capable of seating more than 17,000 fans in its current configuration.
also, president hugo chvez of venezuela publicly chastised the british government several times for not returning the islands.	also, president hugo chvez of venezuela publicly chastised the british government several times for not handing-over the islands.
in the murder case of niklas p., a 17-year-old boy from bad breisig, rhineland-palatinate, germany, was knocked unconscious and then beaten to death by a gang of young men while lying on the ground.	in the murder case of niklas p., a 17-year-old boy from bad breisig, rhineland-palatinate, germany, was knocked unconscious and then beaten to death by a group of young men while lying on the ground.
his wife, irene langhorne, and her four beautiful sisters inspired his images.	his wife, irene langhorne, and her four sisters inspired his images.
in appreciation of his enormous services and contributions, he was bestowed with several awards, which among others, include the panglima setia mahkota (p.s.m.)	in appreciation of his services and contributions, he was bestowed with several awards, which among others, include the panglima setia mahkota (p.s.m.)
"local labour mp kerry mccarthy criticised the ""heavy-handed"" behaviour of the police and claimed that ""a labour council candidate was hit by a truncheon and i was shoved out of the way by a policeman at one stage."""	"local labour mp kerry mccarthy criticised the ""heavy-handed"" behaviour of the police and said that ""a labour council candidate was hit by a truncheon and i was shoved out of the way by a policeman at one stage."""
dr. albert t. w. simeons was the leading exponent of a weight-loss scheme based on human chorionic gonadotropin (hcg).	dr. albert t. w. simeons was the leading exponent of a weight-loss protocol based on human chorionic gonadotropin (hcg).
the big gold belt is a nickname given to a famous professional wrestling title belt.	the big gold belt is a nickname given to a historic professional wrestling title belt.
he holds liberal views on social issues, supporting abortion rights and endorsing same-sex marriage during the 2003 election.	he holds liberal views on social issues, supporting abortion and endorsing same-sex marriage during the 2003 election.
he is credited with more than 500 original spells and potions and would be a force to rival any other if not for his mysterious disappearance in 1904. all that remains as evidence of his existence are his wand and his legacy of magic.	he is credited with more than five hundred original spells and potions and would be a force to rival any other if not for his mysterious disappearance in 1904. all that remains as evidence of his existence are his wand and his legacy of magic.
the massacre is typically ascribed to these groups; participation in the events of deir yassin by the more mainstream jewish haganah (defense) organization (the nucleus of the soon-to-be israeli army) appears to have been mostly limited to a brief but decisive assisting role in the military takeover of the town and some later intervention to inhibit atrocities , secure the location, and bury the bodies of the dead villagers.	the massacre is typically ascribed to these groups; participation in the events of deir yassin by the more mainstream jewish haganah (defense) organization (the nucleus of the soon-to-be israeli army) appears to have been mostly limited to a brief but decisive assisting role in the military takeover of the town and some later intervention to inhibit further actions by the irgun and lehi , secure the location, and bury the bodies of the dead villagers.
talmei yaffe was founded in 1950 as a kibbutz by immigrants from poland and romania on the former lands of the abandoned arab village of barbara.	talmei yaffe was founded in 1950 as a kibbutz by immigrants from poland and romania on the former lands of the depopulated arab village of barbara.
this conference was generously sponsored by the open society institute, the john d. and catherine t. macarthur foundation, the university of illinois at chicago university library and the maastricht economic research institute on innovation and technology (merit), university of maastricht.	this conference was sponsored by the open society institute, the john d. and catherine t. macarthur foundation, the university of illinois at chicago university library and the maastricht economic research institute on innovation and technology (merit), university of maastricht.
"following the 2004 american election, some disillusioned americans distributed the satirical jesusland map on the internet, depicting a similar proposal under which the ""blue states"" were part of a new political entity called ""the united states of canada""."	"following the 2004 american election, some americans distributed the satirical jesusland map on the internet, depicting a similar proposal under which the ""blue states"" were part of a new political entity called ""the united states of canada""."
holmes, an outspoken critic of overly-sentimental transcendentalist and romantic poetry, often slipped into sentimentality when writing his occasional poetry, but would often redeem such emotional excess with humor.	holmes, an outspoken critic of overly-sentimental transcendentalist and romantic poetry, often slipped into sentimentality when writing his occasional poetry, but would often balance such emotional excess with humor.
well-informed concern about bbc sport's commitment to maintaining the tone and style of the programme after its 50th anniversary led to an early day motion being tabled in parliament by andrew george mp in june 2007.	concern about bbc sport's commitment to maintaining the tone and style of the programme after its 50th anniversary led to an early day motion being tabled in parliament by andrew george mp in june 2007.
within grenada the invasion was overwhelmingly popular —due to public outrage at bishop's execution and fear resulting from the continuous curfew after coard's seizure of power — and the u.s. forces were welcomed as liberators.	within grenada the invasion was popular —due to public outrage at bishop's execution and fear resulting from the continuous curfew after coard's seizure of power — and the u.s. forces were welcomed as liberators.
"evolutionists point to the fact that ""the flora and fauna on those islands resemble that of the nearest mainland, even when the environments are very different"" as evidence that species were not placed there by a designer."	"critics of intelligent design point to the fact that ""the flora and fauna on those islands resemble that of the nearest mainland, even when the environments are very different"" as evidence that species were not placed there by a designer."
american oxygen is a grand ballad with a length of five minutes and twenty seconds.	american oxygen is a ballad with a length of five minutes and twenty seconds.
despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 2425 october, halsey assumed the approaching japanese center force in the san bernardino strait had been destroyed and left to pursue the northern force.	despite aerial reconnaissance reports on the night of 2425 october, halsey assumed the approaching japanese center force in the san bernardino strait had been neutralised and left to pursue the northern force.
political crisis and disturbances in ukraine culminated in ousting president viktor yanukovich who fled from kiev, the ukrainian capital, on 22 february 2014 as protesters overthrew his regime and the opposition took control of the capital city and national government.	political crisis and disturbances in ukraine culminated in ousting president viktor yanukovich who fled from kiev, the ukrainian capital, on 22 february 2014 as protesters overthrew his administration and the opposition took control of the capital city and national government.
though there were minor differences between the frames, all of them featured the original barcode's well-liked geometry as well as its distinctive seat-stay junction, which is neither a wishbone-junction nor a traditional a-frame junction.	though there were minor differences between the frames, all of them featured the original barcode's geometry as well as its distinctive seat-stay junction, which is neither a wishbone-junction nor a traditional a-frame junction.
today, hair coloring is immensely popular, with over 75 percent of american women dyeing their hair.	today, hair coloring is immensely popular, with over 75 percent of american people dyeing their hair.
the major system (also called the phonetic number system or phonetic mnemonic system) is a famous mnemonic technique used to aid in memorizing numbers.	the major system (also called the phonetic number system or phonetic mnemonic system) is a mnemonic technique used to aid in memorizing numbers.
zhang zhongjing, famous chinese physician and pharmacologist	zhang zhongjing, chinese physician and pharmacologist
after the september 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, artforum magazine pulled an advertisement for fein's show from their october issue.	after the september 11, 2001 attacks, artforum magazine pulled an advertisement for fein's show from their october issue.
catherine obianuju acholonu, 62, nigerian academic and feminist ideologist , kidney failure.	catherine obianuju acholonu, 62, nigerian academic and feminist theorist , kidney failure.
in july 2007 caligiuri demanded a moratorium on further paroles in connecticut following the horrific home invasion murders of the petit family by two paroled convicts.	in july 2007 caligiuri demanded a moratorium on further paroles in connecticut following the home invasion murders of the petit family by two paroled convicts.
"welby declared that he was not disturbed by this discovery but did admit that it had come as ""a complete surprise"", adding: ""i know that i find who i am in jesus christ, not in genetics, and my identity in him never changes."""	"welby asserted that he was not disturbed by this discovery but did admit that it had come as ""a complete surprise"", adding: ""i know that i find who i am in jesus christ, not in genetics, and my identity in him never changes."""
alice paul has created a long legacy of womans rights.	alice paul created a long legacy of womans rights.
the general secretary of peace now, yariv oppenheimer, was doing his reserves duty in a checkpoint in the jordan valley in the palestinian territories and was acting just like any other israeli soldier.	the general secretary of peace now, yariv oppenheimer, was doing his reserves duty in a checkpoint in the jordan valley in the disputed territories and was acting just like any other israeli soldier.
though it is mostly unknown to laymen , simpson's paradox is well known to statisticians, and it is described in a few introductory statistics books.	though it is mostly unknown to laypeople , simpson's paradox is well known to statisticians, and it is described in a few introductory statistics books.
she continues to be the voice behind meet the mormons as new faces / new stories expands on other prominent people and families not part of the original movie.	she continues to be the voice behind meet the mormons as new faces / new stories expands on other people and families not part of the original movie.
redirect paranormal activity	redirect paranormal
samtrans , ac transit (transbay service) and caltrain are public transit providers here .	samtrans , ac transit (transbay service) and caltrain are public transit providers in san mateo .
he is, however, the loving husband of susan storm and mentor of the human torch.	he is, however, the husband of susan storm and mentor of the human torch.
hkcee english language (syllabus b) 2006 paper 2 scandal	hkcee english language (syllabus b) 2006 paper 2 incident
larouche's followers regard his views as those of a brilliant and original thinker.	larouche's supporters regard his views as those of a brilliant and original thinker.
she professes that drawing is so easy that everybody does it all the time, for example when you sign your name; it's a very complex motion but it becomes effortless through repetition.	she states that drawing is so easy that everybody does it all the time, for example when you sign your name; it's a very complex motion but it becomes effortless through repetition.
"an energetic sinn fin and community campaigner, snodaigh is the author of sinn fin's document on drugs, ""empowering communities""."	"an sinn fin and community campaigner, snodaigh is the author of sinn fin's document on drugs, ""empowering communities""."
as of july 2008, visual3d.net has been employed for numerous private business projects and by the us department of defense for military simulation and training.	as of july 2008, visual3d.net has been employed for multiple private business projects and by the us department of defense for military simulation and training.
fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has ruled cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he helped overthrow the dictatorship of fulgencio batista and turn cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.	fidel alejandro castro ruz (born august 13, 1926) has ruled cuba since 1959, when, leading the 26th of july movement, he helped overthrow the administration of fulgencio batista and turn cuba into the first communist state in the western hemisphere.
people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) is an animal rights extremist organization.	people for the ethical treatment of animals (peta) is an animal rights organization.
actual objective of the vietnam war: encirclement of china	actual objective of the vietnam war: containment of china
"on march 13, 1911, the government initiated the united states v. forty barrels and twenty kegs of coca-cola, hoping to force coca-cola to remove caffeine from its formula by making exaggerated claims, such as that the excessive use of coca-cola at one girls' school led to ""wild nocturnal freaks, violations of college rules and female proprieties, and even immoralities."""	"on march 13, 1911, the government initiated the united states v. forty barrels and twenty kegs of coca-cola, hoping to force coca-cola to remove caffeine from its formula by making claims, such as that the excessive use of coca-cola at one girls' school led to ""wild nocturnal freaks, violations of college rules and female proprieties, and even immoralities."""
perhaps the most infamous rendition of the national anthem came from comedienne roseanne barr, who sang it at a san diego padres baseball game in july 1990. as her voice was not well liked by the audience, because either she has little singing ability or because she purposefully botched the performance, the large crowd heckled her and threw objects onto the field in her direction in disgust.	perhaps the most infamous rendition of the national anthem came from comedian roseanne barr, who sang it at a san diego padres baseball game in july 1990. as her voice was not well liked by the audience, because either she has little singing ability or because she purposefully botched the performance, the large crowd heckled her and threw objects onto the field in her direction in disgust.
joanne michle sylvie harris, (born 3 july 1964) is an english author, best known for her award-winning novel chocolat.	joanne michle sylvie harris, (born 3 july 1964) is an english author, known for her award-winning novel chocolat.
hart said : when we left janov, forty percent of the patients came with us....we found that most had been faking their primals.	hart claimed : when we left janov, forty percent of the patients came with us....we found that most had been faking their primals.
"thirty years later, however, heath would admit that his remarks on the ""economic burden of immigration"" had been ""not without prescience."""	"thirty years later, however, heath would remark that his remarks on the ""economic burden of immigration"" had been ""not without prescience."""
the company is notable for its offensive advertising and for being the first company in new zealand to offer online pizza ordering, in 1996. they sponsored a segment on the television show pulp sport.	the company is notable for its controversial advertising and for being the first company in new zealand to offer online pizza ordering, in 1996. they sponsored a segment on the television show pulp sport.
he was originally drafted by the new york mets but was infamously traded at the 2004 trading deadline in a three-way trade with the pirates and royals for kris benson.	he was originally drafted by the new york mets but was traded at the 2004 trading deadline in a three-way trade with the pirates and royals for kris benson.
iaxphone ( crippleware , for windows)	iaxphone ( shareware , for windows)
"criticism over the limited number of debates reached a peak at the dnc's national meeting in minneapolis on august 28. state senator martha fuller clark, vice chair of the new hampshire democratic party, reportedly had an ""intense discussion"" about the number of debates with dnc chairwoman debbie wasserman schultz."	"criticism over the number of debates reached a peak at the dnc's national meeting in minneapolis on august 28. state senator martha fuller clark, vice chair of the new hampshire democratic party, reportedly had an ""intense discussion"" about the number of debates with dnc chairwoman debbie wasserman schultz."
"this became known as the ""apostolic decree"" and is one of the first acts differentiating early christianity from judaism."	"this became known as the ""apostolic decree"" and may be one of the first acts differentiating early christianity from judaism."
in the following decades conservative policies once considered outside the liberal mainstreamsuch as abolishing welfare, privatizing social security, deregulating banking, embracing preemptive warwere taken seriously and sometimes passed into law thanks to the work of the hoover institution, heritage foundation, the american enterprise institute and smaller tanks.	in the following decades conservative policies once considered outside the liberal mainstreamsuch as abolishing welfare, privatizing social security, deregulating banking, embracing preemptive warwere taken seriously and sometimes passed into law due to the work of the hoover institution, heritage foundation, the american enterprise institute and smaller tanks.
in the 1970s, there was a desire among some members of the asa to establish a faction that would study collective behavior and social movements as a fused topic.	in the 1970s, there was a desire among some members of the asa to establish a group that would study collective behavior and social movements as a fused topic.
on 10 april 2017, the us secretary of defense james mattis say that the strike destroyed about 20% of the syrian government's operational aircraft and the base has lost the ability to refuel or rearm aircraft.	on 10 april 2017, the us secretary of defense james mattis claimed that the strike destroyed about 20% of the syrian government's operational aircraft and the base has lost the ability to refuel or rearm aircraft.
the city also became the largest passenger and military port in yugoslavia and the center of the yugoslav people's army's ( croato-serbian : jugoslavenska narodna armija, jna) coastal military district (equivalent of a field army) along with the headquarters of the yugoslav war navy (jugoslavenska ratna mornarica, jrm).	the city also became the largest passenger and military port in yugoslavia and the center of the yugoslav people's army's ( croatian : jugoslavenska narodna armija, jna) coastal military district (equivalent of a field army) along with the headquarters of the yugoslav war navy (jugoslavenska ratna mornarica, jrm).
the nazi gun control theory posits that gun laws in nazi germany were a significant component of the third reich's plan, and that victims, especially jews, might have more effectively resisted repression if they had been armed or better armed.	the nazi gun control theory states that gun laws in nazi germany were a significant component of the third reich's plan, and that victims, especially jews, might have more effectively resisted repression if they had been armed or better armed.
homosexual ftm transsexuals	gynephilic ftm transsexuals
"al-qaeda (, ; ""the foundation"" or ""the base"", or simply ""databank"") is a radical sunni islamist organization with the stated objective of eliminating foreign influence in muslim countries."	"al-qaeda (, ; ""the foundation"" or ""the base"", or simply ""databank"") is a sunni islamist organization with the stated objective of eliminating foreign influence in muslim countries."
fattest contestant: whitney thompson	heaviest contestant: whitney thompson
once a budget is constructed and the proper money amounts are allocated to their proper categories, the focus for personal budgeting turns to following the budget.	once a budget is constructed and the proper amounts are allocated to their proper categories, the focus for personal budgeting turns to following the budget.
proposed schemes range from full legalization which would completely remove all forms of government control, to various forms of regulated legalization, where drugs would be legally available, but under a system of government control which might mean for instance:	proposed ideas range from full legalization which would completely remove all forms of government control, to various forms of regulated legalization, where drugs would be legally available, but under a system of government control which might mean for instance:
dame helen lydia mirren, (ne mironoff; born 26 july 1945), is an english actor .	dame helen lydia mirren, (ne mironoff; born 26 july 1945), is an english actress .
in his first vision, while he was an adolescent during the early 1820s, joseph saw god the father and jesus christ.	according to his own account, during his first vision, while he was an adolescent during the early 1820s, joseph saw god the father and jesus christ.
acknowledging inaccurate retelling of iraq war story	inaccurate retelling of iraq war story
"monotheism (from greek , monos, ""single"", and , theos, ""god"") is the belief in the existence of one god, as distinguished from polytheism, the belief in more than one god, and atheism, the lack of belief in any god or gods."	"monotheism (from greek , monos, ""single"", and , theos, ""god"") is the belief in the existence of one god, as distinguished from polytheism, the belief in more than one god, and atheism, the absence of belief in any god or gods."
the orthodox church of bulgaria somehow continued functioning but was restricted and later infiltrated with communist functionaries.	the orthodox church of bulgaria continued functioning but was restricted and later infiltrated with communist functionaries.
bell remarked on his mother's passing and stated that he was very happy that she got to spend time with his daughter, asia, before she died.	bell remarked on his mother's death and stated that he was very happy that she got to spend time with his daughter, asia, before she died.
the series is by acclaimed writer bill myers, the creator of the books and television series mcgee & me.	the series is by writer bill myers, the creator of the books and television series mcgee & me .
archibald quincy jones, faia (1913–1979) was a prolific los angeles-based architect and educator known for innovative buildings in the modernist style and for urban planning that pioneered the use of greenbelts and green design.	archibald quincy jones, faia (1913–1979) was a los angeles-based architect and educator known for innovative buildings in the modernist style and for urban planning that pioneered the use of greenbelts and green design.
verostko developed his own software to control a line plotter that produces unique pen and ink drawings.	verostko developed his own software to control a line plotter that produces novel pen and ink drawings.
no original copies of this edition have survived, with the exception of a few fragments in the british museum, and two copies of posture 1. a, possibly pirated copy with crude illustrations in woodcut, printed in venice in 1550, and bound in with some contemporary texts was discovered in the 1920s, containing fifteen of the sixteen postures.	no original copies of this edition have survived, with the exception of a few fragments in the british museum, and two copies of posture 1. a, possibly infringing copy with crude illustrations in woodcut, printed in venice in 1550, and bound in with some contemporary texts was discovered in the 1920s, containing fifteen of the sixteen postures.
though miller is a democrat, which in his lifetime has definitely become the more liberal party in america as opposed to the republicans, he is widely known as a conservative populist .	though miller is a democrat, which in his lifetime has definitely become the more liberal party in america as opposed to the republicans, he is widely known as a conservative.
if the protocol is not public, or there are various access controls or digital restriction management implemented, this can involve substantial reverse engineering.	if the protocol is not public, or there are various access controls or digital rights management implemented, this can involve substantial reverse engineering.
"in a commentary in the guardian, annie proulx—the author of the short story on which brokeback mountain was based—harshly lashed out at the selection of crash, labeling it ""trash"" and denouncing academy voters as ""living cloistered lives behind wrought-iron gates or in deluxe rest-homes, out of touch not only with the shifting larger culture and the yeasty ferment that is america these days, but also out of touch with their own segregated city""; calling the attendees a ""somewhat dim la crowd"", she pouted that ""next year we can look to the awards for controversial themes on the punishment of adulterers with a branding iron in the shape of the letter a, runaway slaves, and the debate over free silver."""	"in a commentary in the guardian, annie proulx—the author of the short story on which brokeback mountain was based—harshly lashed out at the selection of crash, labeling it ""trash"" and denouncing academy voters as ""living cloistered lives behind wrought-iron gates or in deluxe rest-homes, out of touch not only with the shifting larger culture and the yeasty ferment that is america these days, but also out of touch with their own segregated city""; calling the attendees a ""somewhat dim la crowd"", she stated that ""next year we can look to the awards for controversial themes on the punishment of adulterers with a branding iron in the shape of the letter a, runaway slaves, and the debate over free silver."""
nadine gordimer (born 20 november 1923) is a south african writer, left-wing political activist and winner of the 1991 nobel prize in literature.	nadine gordimer (born 20 november 1923) is a south african writer, political activist and winner of the 1991 nobel prize in literature.
image:3stars.png book section of essentials in glycobiology (1999) tunicamycin: inhibition of dol-pp-glcnac assembly	book section of essentials in glycobiology (1999) tunicamycin: inhibition of dol-pp-glcnac assembly
prishtina (albanian: prishtin/prishtina; serbian: pritina/) is the capital and the largest city of the province of kosovo, a united nations-administered territory, formerly a province of yugoslavia, whose future political status is currently being negotiated.	pristina (albanian: prishtin/prishtina; serbian: pritina/) is the capital and the largest city of the province of kosovo, a united nations-administered territory, formerly a province of yugoslavia, whose future political status is currently being negotiated.
ranchers sometimes attempt to control this larkspur with the herbicide tebuthiuron.	ranchers sometimes attempt to kill this larkspur with the herbicide tebuthiuron.
the donetsk people's republic was declared to be independent from ukraine on 7 april 2014, comprising the territory of the former donetsk oblast.	the donetsk people's republic was declared to be independent from ukraine on 7 april 2014, comprising the territory of the donetsk oblast.
clare thomas (born 2 april 1989 in buckinghamshire, england) is a british actress who has appeared in several british films and television series.	clare thomas (born 2 april 1989 in buckinghamshire, england) is a british actor who has appeared in several british films and television series.
at home, fidel castro has overseen the implementation of various economic policies, leading to the rapid centralization of cuba's economy, land reform, collectivization and mechanization of agriculture, and the nationalization of leading cuban industries.	at home, fidel castro has overseen the implementation of various economic policies, leading to the rapid centralization of cuba's economy, land reform, collectivization and mechanization of agriculture, and the expropriation of leading cuban industries.
from the holy bible, luke 2, 1-7	from the bible , luke 2, 1-7
lauren jauregui: member of successful girl group, fifth harmony	lauren jauregui: member of girl group, fifth harmony
entry of pro-syrian regime forces	entry of pro-syrian govement forces
"on 3 november 2008, bbc's cindy sui reported that there were hundreds of protesters gathered at the hotel in taipei where chen yunlin, chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan straits (arats), was attending a dinner, and some were heard shouting ""ma ying-jeou step down"", blaming the the president for allowing the landmark talks with mr chen."	"on 3 november 2008, bbc's cindy sui reported that there were hundreds of protesters gathered at the hotel in taipei where chen yunlin, chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan straits (arats), was attending a dinner, and some were heard shouting ""ma ying-jeou step down"", blaming the the president for allowing the talks with mr chen."
unfortunately this was followed by a munster final defeat by cork.	however, this was followed by a munster final defeat by cork.
proponents of a guaranteed minimum income argue that the system has a number of advantages:	proponents of a guaranteed minimum income suggest that the system has a number of advantages:
supposedly , they greeted the first english to arrive on the island by swimming out to their ships and escorting them back to the island.	reportedly , they greeted the first english to arrive on the island by swimming out to their ships and escorting them back to the island.
juventus won the match 1-0 thanks to a nonexistent penalty scored by michel platini.	juventus won the match 1-0 thanks to a controversial penalty scored by michel platini.
"hiromi falls too far into the misogynistic world of enjo-kosai because she is trying to hold onto a ""friends forever"" vision of the past."	"hiromi falls too far into the world of enjo-kosai because she is trying to hold onto a ""friends forever"" vision of the past."
public safety commissioner dismissal controversy	public safety commissioner dismissal
the conspiracy of the duke of norfolk confuses several events into one - in the film he is arrested and summarily executed for trying to supplant elizabeth and marry mary queen of scots to cement his hold on the throne.	the conspiracy of the duke of norfolk combines several events into one - in the film he is arrested and summarily executed for trying to supplant elizabeth and marry mary queen of scots to cement his hold on the throne.
in a lesser-used variant, which is used by some of the several states of germany, both votes are combined into one, so that voting for a representative automatically means also voting for his party.	in a lesser-used variant, which is used by some of the several states of germany, both votes are combined into one, so that voting for a representative automatically means also voting for the representative's party.
qatzrin, katzrin or kazerin (hebrew: ) is the administrative center and largest town of the golan heights which israel ocuppied in the 1967 six day war.	qatzrin, katzrin or kazerin (hebrew: ) is the administrative center and largest town of the golan heights which israel captured in the 1967 six day war.
ocean park puts much effort into education and research about animal conservation, by operating observatories, laboratories, an education department, and the ocean park conservation foundation, hong kong (opcfhk), a fund that advocates, facilitates and participates in the conservation of wildlife and habitats, with an emphasis on asia, through research and education.	ocean park puts effort into education and research about animal conservation, by operating observatories, laboratories, an education department, and the ocean park conservation foundation, hong kong (opcfhk), a fund that advocates, facilitates and participates in the conservation of wildlife and habitats, with an emphasis on asia, through research and education.
he made seminal contributions to stochastic process, particle physics, algebra of matrices, special theory of relativity and quantum mechanics.	he made contributions to stochastic process, particle physics, algebra of matrices, special theory of relativity and quantum mechanics.
renegade yale historian john boswell considers them an example of an early christian same-sex union reflective of tolerant early christians attitudes toward homosexuality based on this icon depicting what some claim is a religious wedding with jesus as best man and still surviving writings.	yale historian john boswell considers them an example of an early christian same-sex union reflective of tolerant early christians attitudes toward homosexuality based on this icon depicting what some claim is a religious wedding with jesus as best man and still surviving writings.
his stodgy style of play, his combative personality and writings, and the widespread perception that he treated morphy shabbily have combined to make him an unpopular, even reviled, figure to many.	his unspectacular style of play, his combative personality and writings, and the widespread perception that he treated morphy shabbily have combined to make him an unpopular, even reviled, figure to many.
"the novel unfolds against the backdrop of rebellion wherein seven southern states, georgia among them, have seceded from the united states (the ""union"") to form the confederate states of america (the ""confederacy"")."	"the novel unfolds against the backdrop of conflict wherein seven southern states, georgia among them, have seceded from the united states (the ""union"") to form the confederate states of america (the ""confederacy"")."
it was once known as oil of vitriol, coined by the 8th-century persian alchemist jabir ibn hayyan (geber) after his discovery of the chemical.	it was once known as oil of vitriol, coined by the 8th-century muslim alchemist jabir ibn hayyan (geber) after his discovery of the chemical.
to different observers, the statue has reminded of the values that the united states either does or should possess.	to different observers, the statue has reminded of the values that the united states seemingly does or should possess.
weatherman, also known as the weather underground organization (never 'the weathermen'), were a us-based terrorist organization, consisting of splintered-off members and leaders of the students for a democratic society (sds).	weatherman, also known as the weather underground organization (never 'the weathermen'), were a us-based guerrilla organization, consisting of splintered-off members and leaders of the students for a democratic society (sds).
the country remains a commonwealth realm .	the country is a commonwealth realm .
in the following six weeks, the japanese troops committed the grotesque nanking massacre.	in the following six weeks, the japanese troops committed the nanking massacre.
meanwhile, having taken anne to france on a pre-nuptial honeymoon, henry married her in westminster abbey in january 1533. this was made easier by the death of archbishop warham, a stalwart opponent of an annulment.	meanwhile, having taken anne to france on a pre-nuptial honeymoon, henry married her in westminster abbey in january 1533. this was made easier by the death of archbishop warham, a strong opponent of an annulment.
the wpa had numerous critics, especially from the far right.	the wpa had numerous critics, especially from the right.
"as one of ""brigham's boys"", he was on call to serve whenever and wherever brigham young and the other mormon leaders needed fearless minutemen to protect the pioneers."	"as one of ""brigham's boys"", he was on call to serve whenever and wherever brigham young and the other mormon leaders needed minutemen to protect the pioneers."
views considered as islamophobic	views labeled as islamophobic
cheerleading is a sport that uses organized routines that range from 1 minute to 3 minutes made from elements of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting to direct spectators of events to cheer on sports teams at games and matches and/or compete at cheerleading competitions.	cheerleading is an activity or sport that uses organized routines that range from 1 minute to 3 minutes made from elements of tumbling, dance, jumps, cheers, and stunting to direct spectators of events to cheer on sports teams at games and matches and/or compete at cheerleading competitions.
"in 2004-05 the league sanctioned the absurd ""season not played"" engraving on the cup for continuities sake."	"in 2004-05 the league sanctioned the ""season not played"" engraving on the cup for continuities sake."
cecilia santiago (born circa 1969, tecalitlan, jalisco), better known as cessy casanova, is a mexican comedienne and singer.	cecilia santiago (born circa 1969, tecalitlan, jalisco), better known as cessy casanova, is a mexican comedian and singer.
30px this article related to orkney, scotland , is a stub.	30px this article related to orkney, uk , is a stub.
"october 2 myrna ""tiya pusit"" villanueva, comedienne and actress (b."	"october 2 myrna ""tiya pusit"" villanueva, comedian and actress (b."
ang has a state-of-the-art production facility in pleasanton, california.	ang has a production facility in pleasanton, california.
she further attacked the pokmon in the magazine advertising age, comparing it to little black sambo and suggesting its english name as also a possible derogatory remark towards blacks relating to voodoo (with its original japanese name, rougela, being unrelated).	she further criticized the pokmon in the magazine advertising age, comparing it to little black sambo and suggesting its english name as also a possible derogatory remark towards blacks relating to voodoo (with its original japanese name, rougela, being unrelated).
unfortunately singapore lost to both thailand and malaysia, emerged 3rd with a bronze medal.	however singapore lost to both thailand and malaysia, emerged 3rd with a bronze medal.
his uvre consists of a fascinating interaction: on the one hand, bacon processes the experiences of his childhood and youth in the concentration camps, on the other he is searching for a way of understanding through his art.	his uvre consists of a synergistic interaction: on the one hand, bacon processes the experiences of his childhood and youth in the concentration camps, on the other he is searching for a way of understanding through his art.
as with all other great cultures it evolved and gradually changed with time.	as with all other cultures it evolved and gradually changed with time.
pan am flight 103 (or lockerbie bombing) was the terrorist bombing of a pan american world airways transatlantic flight from london heathrow airport to new york's john f. kennedy international airport on wednesday, 21 december 1988.	pan am flight 103 (or lockerbie bombing) was the bombing of a pan american world airways transatlantic flight from london heathrow airport to new york's john f. kennedy international airport on wednesday, 21 december 1988.
they modelled people's 'sexual links', with different levels of sexual partner change among different categories of people (prostitutes, single women with several partners a year, married women, and men), according to data obtained from modern studies of sexual promiscuity in african cities.	they modelled people's 'sexual links', with different levels of sexual partner change among different categories of people (prostitutes, single women with several partners a year, married women, and men), according to data obtained from modern studies of sexual activity in african cities.
feminazi (also spelled femi-nazi or femme-nazi) is an invective, or derogatory, neologism, used predominantly in the united states and canada by political conservatives to characterize feminists who are perceived to be intolerant of opposing views.	feminazi (also spelled femi-nazi or femme-nazi) is an invective, or derogatory, neologism, used predominantly in the united states and canada by political conservatives to characterize feminists who are perceived to be intolerant of conservative views.
his remixes soon proved enormously popular, and he became one of the biggest celebrities in jamaica.	his remixes soon proved popular, and he became one of the biggest celebrities in jamaica.
pope leo i ( 400 10 november 461), also known as saint leo the great, reigned from 29 september 440 to his death in 461.	pope leo i ( 400 10 november 461), also known as saint leo the great, was pope from 29 september 440 to his death in 461.
gene stephenson is a legendary baseball coach at wichita state.	gene stephenson is a baseball coach at wichita state.
this means that in english, the preposition to is conceptualized as part of the infinitive, whereas in french and german, /de and zu are not.	this means that in english, the word to is conceptualized as part of the infinitive, whereas in french and german, /de and zu are not.
on 24 june 2005, christian voice's bankers, the co-operative bank, invited the organisation to take its account elsewhere as christian voice's anti-homosexual policy was in conflict with the ethical bank's own policy of support for diversity.	on 24 june 2005, christian voice's bankers, the co-operative bank, told the organisation to take its account elsewhere as christian voice's anti-homosexual policy was in conflict with the ethical bank's own policy of support for diversity.
robert 'dolly' dunn, 68, australian pedophile , multiple organ failure.	robert 'dolly' dunn, 68, australian child molester , multiple organ failure.
other inconsistencies include that alexander lived only a short time, whereas dhul-qarnayn lived for 700 years as a sign of god's blessing; alexander behaved very badly while dhul-qarnayn was a paragon.	other criticism include that alexander lived only a short time, whereas dhul-qarnayn lived for 700 years as a sign of god's blessing; alexander behaved very badly while dhul-qarnayn was a paragon.
the film premiered on december 21, 1937 with a wide theatrical release by rko radio pictures on february 8, 1938. the film was adapted by storyboard artists dorothy ann blank, richard creedon, merrill de maris, otto englander, earl hurd, dick rickard, ted sears and webb smith from the old german fairy tale snow white by the brothers grimm.	the film premiered on december 21, 1937 with a wide theatrical release by rko radio pictures on february 8, 1938. the film was adapted by storyboard artists dorothy ann blank, richard creedon, merrill de maris, otto englander, earl hurd, dick rickard, ted sears and webb smith from the german fairy tale snow white by the brothers grimm.
shamil salmanovich basayev (january 14, 1965 july 10, 2006) was a militant islamist terrorist and a leader of the chechen separatist movement.	shamil salmanovich basayev (january 14, 1965 july 10, 2006) was a militant islamist and a leader of the chechen separatist movement.
axis of evil was a propaganda term coined by united states president george w. bush in his state of the union address on january 29, 2002 in order to describe governments that he accused of helping terrorism and seeking weapons of mass destruction.	axis of evil was a term coined by united states president george w. bush in his state of the union address on january 29, 2002 in order to describe governments that he accused of helping terrorism and seeking weapons of mass destruction.
it began broadcasting on july 24, 2005. his role in this capacity and resulting interaction with venezuelan president hugo chvez have drawn criticism for glover from the media, due to chavez's frequent and vehement anti-bush speeches.	it began broadcasting on july 24, 2005. his role in this capacity and resulting interaction with venezuelan president hugo chvez have drawn criticism for glover from some western media, due to chavez's frequent and vehement anti-bush speeches.
rise of the palestinian liberation organization (1974)	development of the palestinian liberation organization (1974)
her theatrical debut was in beauty and the beast at the chestnut theater in philadelphia, and in august 1902, two months before her 20th birthday, she appeared as a singer/ comedienne in a vaudeville act in atlantic city.	her theatrical debut was in beauty and the beast at the chestnut theater in philadelphia, and in august 1902, two months before her 20th birthday, she appeared as a singer/ comedian in a vaudeville act in atlantic city.
most razer products are generally met with overwhelmingly positive reviews.	most razer products are generally met with positive reviews.
chalasani venkataratnam is a powerful communist leader in vijayawada, andhra pradesh, india.	chalasani venkataratnam is a communist leader in vijayawada, andhra pradesh, india.
washington llorns (november 28, 1899june 21, 1989) was a prominent puerto rican journalist, writer, linguist, and scholar.	washington llorns (november 28, 1899june 21, 1989) was a puerto rican journalist, writer, linguist, and scholar.
it also collects and transmits various information about the user and his/her web usage without notification or consent.	it also collects and transmits various information about the user and their web usage without notification or consent.
the first general metric for green chemistry remains one of the best .	the first general metric for green chemistry remains one of the most flexible and popular ones .
most notable is the gauche leopard spot carpet mila mulroney put on the staircase.	most notable is the leopard spot carpet mila mulroney put on the staircase.
scholars have noted many similarities between the myths of ziusudra, atrahasis, utnapishtim, and biblical myth of noah's ark.	scholars have noted many similarities between the myths of ziusudra, atrahasis, utnapishtim, and biblical story of noah's ark.
"lebensraum (""living space"") is a nazi germany dogma that was used to justify its expansionist politics."	"lebensraum (""living space"") is a nazi germany idea that was used to justify its expansionist politics."
his crew consists of senior producer adam saltzman (grandson of famed studio session drummer buddy saltzman) and producer lauren hornek.	his crew consists of senior producer adam saltzman (grandson of studio session drummer buddy saltzman) and producer lauren hornek.
landi swanepoel (born october 8, 1979 in cape town) is a south african supermodel .	landi swanepoel (born october 8, 1979 in cape town) is a south african model .
created by businessman and politician patrick ko, initially as a facebook page, its stated aim is to show solidarity with, and support for the cy leung administration.	created by businessman and activist patrick ko, initially as a facebook page, its stated aim is to show solidarity with, and support for the cy leung administration.
together they swim along the beautiful ocean floor toward what appears to be an underwater kingdom.	together they swim along the ocean floor toward what appears to be an underwater kingdom.
the game is a lot of fun fact and usually everyone gets a chance to eat some of the chocolate.	the game is a lot of fun and usually everyone gets a chance to eat some of the chocolate.
heartbreak tango is a novel by famous argentine author manuel puig.	heartbreak tango is a novel by argentine author manuel puig.
beyond the valley of the dolls is a 1970 american schlock melodrama film starring dolly read, cynthia myers, marcia mcbroom, john lazar, michael blodgett and david gurian.	beyond the valley of the dolls is a 1970 american melodrama film starring dolly read, cynthia myers, marcia mcbroom, john lazar, michael blodgett and david gurian.
faith is a belief, trust, or confidence, not necessarily based on logic, facts, reason, or empirical data, but based fundamentally on volition often associated with a transpersonal relationship with god , a higher power, a person, elements of nature, and/or a perception of the human race as a whole.	faith is a belief, trust, or confidence, not necessarily based on logic, facts, reason, or empirical data, but based fundamentally on volition often associated with a transpersonal relationship with a deity , a higher power, a person, elements of nature, and/or a perception of the human race as a whole.
"it is best known for the controversial ""named person"" regime ."	"it is best known for the controversial ""named person"" requirement ."
encouraged by lost's writers and stars, who often interact with fans online, viewers and tv critics alike have taken to rampant theorization in an attempt to unravel the mysteries.	encouraged by lost's writers and stars, who often interact with fans online, viewers and tv critics alike have taken to widespread theorization in an attempt to unravel the mysteries.
"the report explained that since journalists considered themselves to be centrists, ""perhaps this is why an earlier survey found that they tended to vote for bill clinton in large numbers."""	"the report argued that since journalists considered themselves to be centrists, ""perhaps this is why an earlier survey found that they tended to vote for bill clinton in large numbers."""
co-written with up-and-coming nova scotian writer/director chaz thorne (just buried), it is the story of class struggle, racial tensions and boxing, set in the canadian east coast port city of halifax, nova scotia.	co-written with nova scotian writer/director chaz thorne (just buried), it is the story of class struggle, racial tensions and boxing, set in the canadian east coast port city of halifax, nova scotia.
unfortunately , helena shifted the foundation's focus away from the arts and towards community service, cutting all funds to the cac and awarding the biggest grant to tina's organization, headquarters for social justice in episode 2.05:labyrinth.	however , helena shifted the foundation's focus away from the arts and towards community service, cutting all funds to the cac and awarding the biggest grant to tina's organization, headquarters for social justice in episode 2.05:labyrinth.
the group was composed of midwestern jazz students -- drummer blake fleming, guitarist tim garrigan, bassist darin gray -- and scenester vocalist nick sakes.	the group was composed of midwestern jazz students -- drummer blake fleming, guitarist tim garrigan, bassist darin gray -- and vocalist nick sakes.
after the washington post article, pearson was asked to resign from the editorial board of the neo-conservative heritage foundations journal policy review, which he had helped to found, but his connection with other organizations continued, and as late as 1986 covert action condemned his continued association with james angleton, former chief of cia counter-intelligence, general robert c. richardson, and other american security council members.	after the washington post article, pearson was asked to resign from the editorial board of the neo-conservative heritage foundations journal policy review, which he had helped to found, but his connection with other organizations continued, and as late as 1986 covert action criticized his continued association with james angleton, former chief of cia counter-intelligence, general robert c. richardson, and other american security council members.
despite freeman's superhuman triumph at black mesa, there was nothing that he or the entire human race could have done to save earth from the superior forces of the combine empire.	despite freeman's triumph at black mesa, there was nothing that he or the entire human race could have done to save earth from the superior forces of the combine empire.
their first album the city sleeps in flames, was released on immortal records in 2005. a year after their debut release, they toured as part of the 2006 vans warped tour, with amazing bands such as greeley estates, aiden, haste the day, bullet for my valentine, so they say, silverstein, and chiodos.	their first album the city sleeps in flames, was released on immortal records in 2005. a year after their debut release, they toured as part of the 2006 vans warped tour, with bands such as greeley estates, aiden, haste the day, bullet for my valentine, so they say, silverstein, and chiodos.
this incarnation of green arrow would still team up occasionally with batman (as in the excellent graphic novel poison tomorrow) but his past with the justice league rarely came up.	this incarnation of green arrow would still team up occasionally with batman (as in the graphic novel poison tomorrow) but his past with the justice league rarely came up.
the suburb is located on northcliff ridge which offers breathtaking vistas of the central business district on one side, and the leafy northern suburbs on the other.	the suburb is located on northcliff ridge which offers vistas of the central business district on one side, and the leafy northern suburbs on the other.
independence was duly achieved and on january 1 1956, in a special ceremony held at the people's palace where the egyptian and british flags were lowered and the new sudanese flag, composed of green, blue and white stripes, was raised in their place.	independence was duly granted and on january 1 1956, in a special ceremony held at the people's palace where the egyptian and british flags were lowered and the new sudanese flag, composed of green, blue and white stripes, was raised in their place.
some animal shelters humanely euthanize animals that are not adopted within a set period of time, others have a policy of only putting down animals that are in distress due to age or illness.	some animal shelters euthanize animals that are not adopted within a set period of time, others have a policy of only putting down animals that are in distress due to age or illness.
justin mccarthy doesn't deny that thousands of armenians died but notes that ottoman muslims were also killed in the hundreds of thousands by armenians prior to any genocide claims.	justin mccarthy doesn't deny that thousands of armenians died but claims that ottoman muslims were also killed in the hundreds of thousands by armenians prior to any genocide claims.
the great society was a set of failed domestic programs in the united states launched by democratic president lyndon b. johnson in 196465. the main goal was the elimination of poverty and racial injustice.	the great society was a set of domestic programs in the united states launched by democratic president lyndon b. johnson in 196465. the main goal was the elimination of poverty and racial injustice.
as a child, he observed that southerners were often depicted as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; in order to escape this stereotype, he learned to imitate the neutral accent of american newsanchors from an early age.	as a child, he observed that southerners were often depicted as being less intelligent than other characters on scripted television; in order to escape this stereotype, he learned to imitate the accent of american newsanchors from an early age.
this has been considered an attempted terrorist plot, and some, including senator carl levin, have even referred to it as an act of war if it was indeed sponsored by the iranian government.	this has been considered an attempted terrorist plot, and some, including senator carl levin, have even referred to it as an act of war if it was officially sponsored by the iranian government.
the goal of imaro while led by delcev was to bring freedom to all macedonians - irrespective whether they were macedonian , greek, turkish, vlach, albanian or jewish (ladino) - by means of an internal insurrection.	the goal of imaro while led by delcev was to bring freedom to all macedonians - irrespective whether they were bulgarian , greek, turkish, vlach, albanian or jewish (ladino) - by means of an internal insurrection.
surprisingly the usb 3.0 computer cable standard has been proven to generate significant amounts of electromagnetic interference that can interfere with any bluetooth devices a user has connected to the same computer.	the usb 3.0 computer cable standard has been proven to generate significant amounts of electromagnetic interference that can interfere with any bluetooth devices a user has connected to the same computer.
alfredo oliva - concert comedienne , concertina	alfredo oliva - concert comedian , concertina
uak was liberated by the greek army between 28 august 1920 and 1 september 1922. during the greek retreat, greek general nikolaos trikoupis was captured near uak at the village of gem, today buried under a dam reservoir.	uak was occupied by the greek army between 28 august 1920 and 1 september 1922. during the greek retreat, greek general nikolaos trikoupis was captured near uak at the village of gem, today buried under a dam reservoir.
karen taylor (comedian) (born 1979), british comedienne	karen taylor (comedian) (born 1979), british comedian
babylon 5 is an epic american science fiction television series created, produced, and largely written by j. michael straczynski.	babylon 5 is an american science fiction television series created, produced, and largely written by j. michael straczynski.
these books are considered to be part of old testament by orthodox churches, but judaism and most protestant factions consider them to be apocryphal.	these books are considered to be part of old testament by orthodox churches, but judaism and most protestant s consider them to be apocryphal.
in terms of public transport, cumbernauld has bus links to glasgow, stirling, falkirk and curiously dunfermline, which are operated by first group and stagecoach.the town also has a rail link to glasgow and edinburgh.	in terms of public transport, cumbernauld has bus links to glasgow, stirling, falkirk and dunfermline, which are operated by first group and stagecoach.the town also has a rail link to glasgow and edinburgh.
like the rest of nature, man's mind is subject to the laws of causation, priestley contends, but because a benevolent god created these laws, the world and the men in it will eventually be perfected.	like the rest of nature, man's mind is subject to the laws of causation, priestley contends, but because a benevolent god created these laws, the world and the people in it will eventually be perfected.
the band are very popular for their 3d animated videos which are created by quan and his longtime partner, janet english (bassist and vocalist of spiderbait)	the band are popular for their 3d animated videos which are created by quan and his longtime partner, janet english (bassist and vocalist of spiderbait)
al-najah secondary school is a secondary, all-girls school in ramallah, palestine .	al-najah secondary school is a secondary, all-girls school in ramallah, west bank .
joaqun archivaldo guzmn loera (; sinaloa, 25 december 1954 or 4 april 1957) is a powerful mexican drug lord who heads the sinaloa cartel, a criminal organization named after the mexican pacific coast state of sinaloa where it was formed.	joaqun archivaldo guzmn loera (; sinaloa, 25 december 1954 or 4 april 1957) is a mexican drug lord who heads the sinaloa cartel, a criminal organization named after the mexican pacific coast state of sinaloa where it was formed.
ephesians 6:5 was misused by confederate slaveholders in support of a slaveholding position.	ephesians 6:5 was used by confederate slaveholders in support of a slaveholding position.
edith marie blossom macdonald (august 21, 1895 january 14, 1978), known as blossom rock, was an american actress of vaudeville, stage, television, and film, and comedienne .	edith marie blossom macdonald (august 21, 1895 january 14, 1978), known as blossom rock, was an american actress of vaudeville, stage, television, and film, and comedian .
"cone is controversial, because he supports the racist notion that god is ""against white people"" and has written the ""task of black theology is to kill gods who do not belong to the black community."""	"cone is controversial, because he supports the notion that god is ""against white people"" and has written the ""task of black theology is to kill gods who do not belong to the black community."""
"in april 2008, acting virgin ceo neil berkett sparked controversy when he told television , a magazine published by the royal television society, ""this net neutrality thing is a load of bollocks."""	"in april 2008, acting virgin ceo neil berkett sparked controversy when he told cyka , a magazine published by the royal television society, ""this net neutrality thing is a load of bollocks."""
"the national lawyers guild is a progressive /left-wing bar association in the united states ""dedicated to the need for basic and progressive change in the structure of our political and economic system ."	"the national lawyers guild is a progressive bar association in the united states ""dedicated to the need for basic and progressive change in the structure of our political and economic system ."
a plan to redevelop the old tiger stadium site would retain the historic playing field for youth sports and ring the 10-acre property with new developmentwith the city now considering several confidential proposals from private developers that could include building housing and retail along michigan and trumbull avenues in the now-vibrant corktown district.	a plan to redevelop the old tiger stadium site would retain the historic playing field for youth sports and ring the 10-acre property with new developmentwith the city now considering several confidential proposals from private developers that could include building housing and retail along michigan and trumbull avenues in the redeveloping corktown district.
instrumentally, lifeson is regarded as a virtuoso guitarist whose strengths and notability relied primarily on signature riffing, electronic effects, unorthodox chord structures, chorusing/phrasing and a copious arsenal of equipment used over the years.	instrumentally, lifeson is regarded as a guitarist whose strengths and notability relied primarily on signature riffing, electronic effects, unorthodox chord structures, chorusing/phrasing and a copious arsenal of equipment used over the years.
flynt joined the us army in 1958 at only fifteen, lasting barely a year.	flynt joined the us army in 1958 at only fifteen, leaving after barely a year.
today, mtv2 airs some music videos, other music-related specials, and non-music shows focused on youth culture and pop culture.	today, mtv2 airs a selection music videos, other music-related specials, and non-music shows focused on youth culture and pop culture.
